###Chapter 1 by Marina Vittori
Chapter 1
“Dustin, here is the divorce agreement prepared by Ms. Nicholson. All you need to do is sign them.”
In the president’s office of the Quine Group, the secretary, Lyra Blaine, placed a piece of A4 paper on the table. A man sat opposite her, dressed in plain clothing.
“Divorce? What do you mean?”
Dustin Rhys was taken aback.
“Do you not understand what I’m saying? Your marriage with Ms. Nicholson is over. You’re not even on the same level anymore. Your existence is nothing but a smear on the president’s reputation!”
Lyra pulled no punches as she spoke.
“A smear on her reputation?” Dustin frowned. “Is that how she thinks of me?”
Back when they first got married, the Nicholson family was in ruinous debt. He was the one who helped them when they were at their lowest point. Now that they were rich, Dahlia Nicholson was ready to just kick him out.
“Something like that.” Lyra jerked her chin toward the magazine on the table. A photo of a beautiful woman was printed on the front page. “Look at the headline on this magazine, Dustin. Ms. Nicholson’s net worth has hit one billion in the course of just three years, a feat no short of a miracle. She’s now the most desired woman in Swinton! With all this, she’s destined for greatness. But you, you’re just a regular joe. You don’t deserve her at all. I hope that you’ll see some sense and do the right thing.”
When Dustin remained silent, Lyra frowned.
“I know you’re not happy with this, but this is reality,” she continued. “You might have helped Ms. Nicholson when she was in trouble, but she has repaid you for everything you’ve done for her over the last three years. In fact, you’re the one who owes her now!”
“Is our marriage just a business deal to her, then?” Dustin took a deep breath to suppress the emotions within. “If she wants to divorce me, let her speak to me herself.”
“Ms. Nicholson is very busy. She doesn’t need to trouble herself with such trifling matters.”
“Trifling matters?” Dustin was stunned. Then he laughed bitterly. “Is that so? Is divorce a trifling matter to her? She can’t even find the time to speak to me. Truly, she’s that unattainable now!”
“Dustin, don’t delay this any longer.” Lyra pushed the divorce agreement toward him again. “Just sign here and you’ll get a car and a house as compensation. On top of that, you’ll also get eight million dollars. This is more than what you’ll be able to earn in your lifetime!”
“Eight million dollars is a lot, but…I don’t need it. I will sign the divorce papers if she comes personally. Otherwise, I won’t sign anything,” Duston said coldly.
“Don’t go too far, Dustin!” Lyra slammed her hand on the table. “Don’t say I didn’t warn you. With all her power and resources, Ms. Nicholson can divorce you easily. It’s only because she appreciates her past relationship with you that she’s allowing you to keep your dignity intact. Don’t provoke her!”
“My dignity?” Dustin was a little amused by that. She didn’t even want to speak to him directly to divorce him. What kind of dignity was that? Moreover, if she really did appreciate their relationship, then why was she threatening him now?
“I don’t think we have anything else to talk about, then.”
Unwilling to argue, Dustin stood up and made to leave.
“Dustin Rhys! You—”
Just as Lyra was about to lose her cool, a curvy woman in a long black dress walked in. Her skin was as white as snow, and her features were delicate. Her lofty aura and curvaceous figure made her look like a goddess right out of a painting.
“You’re finally here.”
Dustin felt complicated emotions when he saw the beautiful woman. They had been married for three years, during which they treated each other with care and respect. But this was how it ended. He still didn’t know what he had done wrong.
“I’m sorry for being late, I was caught up with something else.”
Dahlia Nicholson sat down. Her expression was as impassive as ever.
“You certainly are busy, if you need your secretary to help you deal with your divorce,” Dustin said.
Hearing this, Dahlia frowned slightly. However, she did not explain herself. Instead, she said, “Since you’re here, let’s get straight to the point. Let’s end this on a pleasant note. I’m sorry I have to do this to you, so you can have the car and the house, plus eight million dollars as alimony. How does that sound?”
At that, she placed a card on the table.
“Do you really think our relationship can be measured by money?” Dustin asked.
“Too little? That’s alright. Let me know what you want. I’ll give you anything within my power,” Dahlia said placidly.
“I don’t think you understood me. Let me rephrase my question. Are money and power that important to you?” Dustin was truly bewildered.
Dahlia went over to the windows and looked out over the city. There was determination in her eyes when she said, “To me, yes, they’re very important.”
“You’ve earned enough to feed yourself for the rest of your life. Why do this?”
“Dustin, that’s where you and I diverge in philosophy. You’ll never understand what I really want.” Dahlia shook her head in disappointment.
They weren’t just incompatible in status and power; they were also incompatible in their principles. Most importantly, she did not see any hope for the future in him.
“You’re right. How would I know what you’re thinking?” Dustin laughed bitterly. “All I know is to cook for you when you’re hungry, prepare your coat when it’s cold out, and carry you to the hospital when you’re sick.”
“There’s no point in going into this now.” Dahlia’s expression held complicated emotions, but it was soon covered up by determination.
“You’re right.” Dustin nodded without any emotion. “I heard that you’ve been close with the heir of the Nolan family. Is it because of him?”
Dahlia was about to deny it when she gave it a second thought. In the end, she nodded.
“You can say that.”
“Okay. I hope you’re happy with him.” Dustin smiled and signed the divorce agreement without any more hesitation. All he felt now was disappointment. Ironically, today was also their wedding anniversary. There was cruel humor in divorcing him on the day they had gotten married.
“I don’t want the money, I just want that crystal necklace back. My mother left it to me before she died so that I can give it to my wife.”
“Okay.”
Dahlia nodded and gave him the crystal necklace.
“From today onward, we will have nothing to do with each other!”
Dustin put on the necklace and left. He had no more gentleness in his expression; all that was left was distant aloofness.
“Did I do the right thing, Lyra?” Dahlia asked hesitantly.
Even though she was the one who asked for the divorce, she didn’t feel happy at all when it was finalized.
“Of course you did!” Lyra nodded. “You have the right to pursue happiness. Dustin does not deserve you at all. He’ll only bring you down with him. You’re destined to be the most powerful woman in Swinton!”
Dahlia did not answer her. As she watched Dustin leave, she felt as if she was losing something precious.
###Chapter 2 by Marina Vittori
In the elevator, Dustin stared at the crystal necklace dejectedly. Even though he had expected it, he was still sad that his marriage had ended just like that. He had once thought that happiness was simple: meals on the table, cheerful days, and simple pleasures. Now, he found out that normalcy was a sin. It was time to awaken from this prolonged daydream.
Suddenly, his phone rang, breaking him out of his trance. When he picked up the phone, a familiar voice came from the other end.
“Mr. Rhys, I’m Hunter Anderson from the Swinton Group. I heard that today your wedding anniversary with Ms. Nicholson, so I’ve prepared a gift for you. I’m just wondering if you have any time today?”
“Thank you for your kindness, but I’m afraid we won’t be needing the gift,” Dustin said.
“Why?”
Hunter was taken aback. He could sense something wrong.
“Is there anything else you’d like to talk about, Mr. Anderson?”
“Actually, yes, there is.” Hunter cleared his throat awkwardly. “I’ve got a friend who contracted a strange illness. He’s seen a lot of doctors, but none of them could do anything about it. I was hoping that you could help.”
“Mr. Anderson, you know my rules.”
“Of course I do! I’m sincere in my request. My friend owns some canscora, which I remember you were looking for. I’m sure he’ll be willing to part with it if you help him,” Hunter said.
“Is this true?” Dustin asked seriously.
“Yes, it is!”
“Alright, if that’s so, then I’ll be willing to take a look.” Dustin immediately agreed to the request.
He wasn’t interested in money or jewels, but rather some rare herbs and plants, as he needed them to save lives.
“Thank you, Mr. Rhys! I’ll send someone to pick you up immediately!” Hunter smiled in relief.
As the president of the Swinton Group and one of the Mighty Three of Swinton, Hunter acted exceptionally timid in front of Dustin.
“Great, one more down, five to go. I should have enough time,” Dustin muttered to himself. His mood was lifted a little by this news.
With a ding, the elevator doors opened. As soon as he stepped out of the building, he saw two familiar figures walking toward him. It was Dahlia’s mother, Florence Franklin, and her brother, James Nicholson.
“Mom, James, why are you here?” Dustin greeted.
“Did you and Dahlia get divorced?” Florence did not waste any breath.
“Yes, we did.” Dustin gave her a forced smile. “It’s not Dahlia’s fault, it’s mine. Don’t blame her.”
He intended to end his marriage on a pleasant note. However, hearing this, Florence snorted coldly.
“Of course it’s your problem. I know my daughter well. If you hadn’t done anything wrong, why would she divorce you?”
Dustin was stunned. What was this? Victim blaming?
“Mom, you know how I’ve treated her over the past three years. I’m pretty sure I’m never done anything to betray Dahlia’s trust in me,” Dustin said.
“Who knows what you’ve done behind our backs?” Florence snorted again. “My daughter was right to divorce you! Look at yourself. She’s clearly out of your league!”
“Mom, don’t you think you’re going too far?” Dustin frowned.
If he hadn’t helped the Nicholson family three years ago, they wouldn’t be where they were today.
“Too far? So what if I am? Am I not speaking the truth?” Florence crossed her arms.
“That’s enough, Mom, stop wasting time with him.” Suddenly, James stepped forward. “Listen here, Rhys. I don’t care whether you divorce my sister or not, but you’re giving me all the money you got from her.”
“Money? What money?” Dustin was flabbergasted.
“Stop feigning ignorance! I know that my sister gave you eight million dollars as alimony!” James said coldly.
“That’s right! That’s my daughter’s money. You have no right to take it! Give it back!” Florence stretched out her hand in demand.
“I didn’t take any money from her,” Dustin denied.
“Bullshit! Who would pass on eight million dollars? Do you take us as idiots?” James did not believe him.
“Rhys, you’d better be tactful and give us the money. Don’t make me angry!” Florence warned.
“You can call Dahlia and ask her if you don’t believe me.” Dustin did not wish to explain himself any further.
“What now? Are you threatening us? Listen here. No matter how much you beg, I’m not letting you leave with a single cent of ours!” Florence snarled.
“Mom, he’s too dense for this. Let’s just search his pockets!” James said impatiently. He dove straight into Dustin’s pockets.
Florence followed suit.
“Mom, do you have to do this?” Dustin frowned.
He hadn’t expected to be accosted by the Nicholson family so soon after the divorce. They were really merciless.
Florence spat on the ground in disgust.
“Who are you calling Mom? Watch your mouth. Who do you think you are?” As she spoke, she continued searching through Dustin’s pockets.
After some time, they didn’t find what they wanted from his pockets.
“F*cking hell, did he really not take any of the money?” James said, displeased.
Suddenly, he spied the crystal necklace around Dustin’s necklace and pulled it off roughly.
“Isn’t this my sister’s necklace? Why is it with you? Did you steal it?” James demanded.
“This is the Rhys family heirloom. Give it back!” Dustin said, his expression darkening.
He wouldn’t take any money, but he would not leave his mother’s keepsake.
“A family heirloom? Does this mean that this is valuable?” James’ eyes lit up.
“In that case, Rhys, this can be your repayment for these three years that you’ve been living with us. Let’s go!” Florence gave her son a look and prepared to leave.
“Stop there!” Dustin grabbed James’ wrist. “Give me back the necklace!”
“Ouch! That hurts! Let me go!” James felt great pain in his wrist.
“Give it back,” Dustin repeated dangerously.
“F*ck, I’d rather throw it away than give it back to you!”
Seeing that he had no chance of freeing himself from Dustin, James threw the necklace onto the ground. With a crisp clink, the crystal necklace broke into several pieces. Dustin blanched. This was the only thing he had to remember his mother by.
“How dare you lay your hands on me! I’d rather break it than give it back to you!” James said as he rubbed his sore wrist.
Dustin clenched his fists so tightly that his knuckles popped. His eyes were red with anger.
“You son of a bitch!” Unable to hold in his anger anymore, Dustin slapped James in the face.
James was slapped so hard that the spun back uncontrollably before falling to the ground. He was so dizzy that he couldn’t stand up.
“Since your mother can’t be bothered to teach you manners, then let me do the honors!” Dustin grabbed him by the hair and lifted him. Then, he slapped him several times.
James’ face soon turned bloody from the slaps.
“How dare you hit my son!” Florence screamed as she tried to help her son.
“F*ck off!” Dustin turned and glared at her. The glare was so intense that Florence froze in her tracks.
###Chapter 3 by Marina Vittori
“F*ck off!”
Those two words were enough to scare Florence motionless. She had never thought that Dustin could be so scary when he was angry. He had always been so mild-tempered around them. He now looked like he could eat her alive.
When she finally got her wits back, Florence began screaming, “Help! Help! He’s murdering my son!”
Soon, the Quine Group’s security guards gathered around them.
“What happened, Mrs. Nicholson?” The head of the security guards recognized Florence and stood at her side immediately.
“Tom! Lock this guy up at once! I want him punished for beating up my son!” Florence yelled.
“Holy cow! How dare you cause trouble in front of the Quine Group? Have you lost your mind?” Tom waved his hand. All the security guards surrounded Dustin.
This was their chance to kiss up to the president’s mother. If they did well now, then they might get a promotion and a raise.
“What are you waiting for? Beat him up!”
Just as they were about to act, a voice sounded.
“What do you think you’re doing?”
A curvaceous woman in a silver dress barged into the crowd with her bodyguards. With her lips painted a fiery red, she was stunningly beautiful. Every move she made was alluring.
“She’s gorgeous!”
The security guards stared at her lustily. She was one of the most attractive women they had ever seen.
“Mr. Rhys, are you okay?”
The woman ignored the looks she was getting and headed straight toward Dustin.
“Who are you?”
Dustin narrowed his eyes at her, his anger dissipating.
“Nice to meet you, my name is Natasha Harmon. Mr. Anderson sent me here,” the woman said with a smile. At this, the security guards began whispering amongst themselves.
“Natasha Harmon? Is she the heiress of the Harmon family?”
“Oh, my God! Why is she here?”
They were all shocked. Natasha Harmon was a household name around the city. She was pretty, influential, and smart. At 22 years old, she had already gained control of the Harmon Group and built her own business empire within five years.
“Ah, it’s you.”
Dustin nodded.
He had heard of Natasha before, but he hadn’t expected her to be involved with Hunter.
“Mr. Rhys, please wait in the car. I’ll deal with this.”
Natasha snapped her fingers. Behind her, her four bodyguards whipped out their batons and advanced toward the crowd. Even though there were just four of them, their threatening auras was enough to make the security guards back off. After all, they knew that the Harmon family only hired trained bodyguards.
“After you, Mr. Rhys.”
Seeing that no one else dared to move, Natasha smiled and held out a hand to lead Dustin to the car. Without a word, Dustin picked up the pieces of his necklace and left with Natasha. No one dared to stop him.
“What the heck? What do we pay you for? Why did you just let them go?” Florence yelled when she realized what was happening.
“Mrs. Nicholson, she’s Natasha Harmon. We don’t dare to offend her!” The head of security lamented. None of them dared to lay a finger on Natasha.
“Useless trash! You don’t dare to offend her, but you’re fine offending my daughter?” Florence demanded.
The security guards looked at each other, not daring to speak.
“What happened?”
Dahlia and Lyra came out to see what the commotion was.
“Dahlia! You’re here! Look at how badly your brother’s been beaten up!”
As soon as Florence saw her, she began to cry, as if she was the one who had been beaten up.
“What happened? Who did this?”
Seeing her brother’s wounds, Dahlia’s expression became chilly.
“Who else? It’s that bastard Dustin!” Florence cried. “We met him just now. James picked up a crystal necklace that he dropped and tried to give it back to him, but he tried to turn it around and said that your brother stole it from him. After some argument, he beat up James! My poor James, he just did what he thought was right. What has he done to deserve this?”
She began crying harder.
“Dustin?” Dahlia frowned. “He’s always been mild-tempered. Why would he beat up James for no reason? What did you do?”
“What do you mean by this?” Florence looked angered. “Do you not believe your mother?”
“I just want to know the truth,” Dahlia said.
After three years of marriage, she knew Dustin’s personality well. He was normally calm and collected and rarely lost his temper. He wouldn’t just beat someone up for no reason.
“Look at your brother! Is the truth not clear enough? If you don’t believe me, ask the security guards. They saw everything!” Saying this, Florence gave the security guards a look.
“Ms. Nicholson, your mother is right. That guy there was the one who assaulted your brother. If it weren’t for us, she would’ve fallen victim to him too.”
The head of security understood his assignment perfectly.
“You hear that? I’m not wronging that bastard!” Florence continued. “I’ve told you before, that Rhys guy is not a good person. He’s a hypocrite. Look at what he’s done right after you divorced him. He even has a new whore now!”
Hearing this, Dahlia frowned. She was unsure of what to think. Could Dustin really do such a thing? Maybe he was furious about the divorce and wanted to exact revenge on her through her brother. If so, then she had to admit that she had misjudged him!
###Chapter 4 by Marina Vittori
“Mom, take James to the hospital. I’ll deal with this.”
After a moment’s silence, Dahlia finally made her decision.
“Dahlia, you must defend your brother! Don’t let that bastard off so easily!” Florence said hatefully.
“Don’t worry, I know what I should do.”
Dahlia nodded, gesturing for two guards to send Florence and James to the hospital.
“What do you think, Lyra?”
Dahlia rubbed her temples. She felt a headache coming on.
“It’s obvious, isn’t it? It was Dustin who assaulted them first. The security guards were witnesses, so that can’t be a lie,” Lyra said.
“But my mother’s not exactly an honest person…” Dahlia began. She knew her mother and brother well. They were a hot-tempered and ruthless duo.
“Either way, it’s still wrong for him to throw the first punch!” Lyra said righteously. “Even if there was a misunderstanding, why couldn’t he talk it out? Moreover, it was James that he beat up. Your brother! He didn’t think of how you would feel when he attacked your family. This alone is proof that he’s not a good person!”
Dahlia’s frown deepened along with her doubts. Lyra was right. Even if her mother and brother were rude and unreasonable, there was no reason for Dustin to assault them physically, nor was there any reason for him to hurt James so badly. It would seem like her decision to divorce him was right.
“You can’t just let this go, Ms. Nicholson. You have to teach him a lesson!” Lyra said.
Hearing this, Dahlia became angry. She took out her phone and called Dustin. At the same time, Dustin was sitting in a silver Bentley and frowned when he saw the call coming in. Despite his reluctance, he still picked up the call.
“Dustin, I need an explanation!” Dahlia demanded.
“What explanation?”
“Did you hit my brother just now?”
“I did. But…”
Before he could finish, Dahlia interrupted him.
“So it was you! I hadn’t expected you to be such a person! Are you taking revenge on my family just because I divorced you?”
Hearing this, Dustin was taken aback. He hadn’t expected Dahlia to be so aggressive. She hadn’t even stopped to listen to what he had to say. After three years of marriage, she was treating him as if he was a mere stranger, or worse.
“Dahlia Nicholson, is that what you think of me? You knew that I hit your brother, but have you stopped to think why I hit him?” Dustin asked.
“No matter what he did, you still shouldn’t have hit him!” Dahlia insisted.
Hearing this, Dustin laughed bitterly. He was disappointed in her. At this point, it didn’t matter who was in the wrong. She clearly favored her brother over him.
“Dustin, I’ll give you another chance. Go to the hospital right now and apologize to James, and I’ll pretend that nothing happened. Otherwise…”
“Otherwise what?” Dustin retorted. “Are you going to call the police on me, or hire hitmen to take me out?”
“Dustin! Are you really going to throw away my goodwill like this?” Dahlia snapped.
“Goodwill? Are you sure it’s goodwill that you’re extending me? Anyway, I did beat up your brother, so do with that what you will.”
“You…” Dahlia’s retort was cut off as Dustin hung up.
She almost threw out her phone in anger. Dahlia had always been good at hiding her true emotions. It was one of the reasons why she had managed to get to where she was today. But right now, she was having a little trouble in that regard.
“How rude of him. Ms. Nicholson, do you need me to arrange for someone to teach him a lesson?” Lyra asked.
“No need. We’re done now.” Dahlia took a deep breath to quell her anger.
“But…”
Lyra was about to say more when Dahlia stopped her.
“That’s enough of this. I need to work on more important matters, like the charity ball with the Harmon family.”
“The charity ball? Has that got anything to do with our partners?”
“That’s right. I just received news that the Harmon family has shortlisted the Quine Group. If we do well at this ball, we could be the Harmon family’s next partners!”
“That’s great! I’ll go make the arrangements right now!”
…
After hanging up the call, Dustin arrived at Swinton Primary Hospital. Natasha brought him into a VIP ward, where an old man was laying on the bed. He looked pale, and his lips were dry and cracked. His breathing was weak as if he was close to death. Several doctors surrounded him, but none of them looked optimistic.
“Natasha! You’re finally here. These doctors are useless!”
Suddenly, a young woman with a ponytail ran up to them. She was the second daughter of the Harmon family, Ruth Harmon, and the old man on the bed was Andrew Harmon, her grandfather.
“Ms. Harmon, we’ve already done everything we could. There’s nothing else we can do for him,” a doctor said helplessly.
“If there’s nothing you can do, then let someone else take over the reins,” Natasha said coldly.
“Mr. Rhys will take over.”
“Mr. Rhys?”
The surrounding doctors had strange expressions on their faces. Dustin looked too young to be a good doctor.
“Are you kidding me, Natasha? This is Mr. Rhys?” Ruth looked shocked. “He looks about the same age as I am. Is he really a doctor?”
“Don’t judge a book by its cover. Mr. Anderson was the one who introduced him to me. I trust him,” Natasha said.
To be frank, she wasn’t quite sure about Dustin either, but if Hunter recommended him, then he had to have his merits.
“Could Mr. Anderson have been conned too?” Ruth still looked doubtful. “Hey, you, are you really a doctor?”
“I know a little about medicine,” Dustin replied.
“Just a little?” Ruth pouted. “You should know that we only let in the best doctors into this room. Everyone here is a known expert in their field, and none of them could do anything about this illness. How are you so confident that you can?”
“Ruth! Watch your manners!” Natasha scolded.
“He doesn’t look reliable, Natasha! I’m just worried that he might make Grandfather worse!” Ruth said.
“Watch your words.” Natasha frowned.
“I don’t care, I won’t believe in him unless he can prove himself to me,” Ruth said with her head held high.
“How should I prove myself?” Dustin asked nonchalantly.
“Tell me what ails me. If you’re correct, then I’ll believe in you!”
“Really?”
“What’s wrong? You’re scared? If you can’t do it, then please leave. Stop wasting our time!” Ruth snorted.
“Show me your tongue,” Dustin said.
Ruth did as he said.
After a quick look, Dustin said without any hesitation, “Your hormones are imbalanced, so you should be experiencing irregular periods and migraines. You’re also showing some signs of food poisoning, which has affected your digestive system. You’ve been having diarrhea, haven’t you? Oh, another thing, you have hemorrhoids…”
The more he spoke, the tenser Ruth became.
###Chapter 5 by Marina Vittori
“How did you know that?”
Ruth’s eyes almost bulged out of her head. She was more shocked than embarrassed that Dustin could tell so much about her health just by looking at her tongue. Everything from the migraines to diarrhea was spot on. Was he really that good, or did he just make a lucky guess?
“There’s a lot you can tell about a person just by looking at them,” Dustin said nonchalantly.
“Do you believe him now, Ruth?” Natasha smiled. At the same time, she also heaved a silent sigh of relief. Thank goodness Dustin knew what he was doing.
“He just got lucky!” Ruth refused to admit defeat.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Rhys, she’s just too stubborn for her own good. Please ignore her,” Natasha told Dustin apologetically.
“It’s fine. Shall we begin?”
Dustin didn’t take Ruth’s attitude to heart. He walked over to Andrew and gave him a thorough check-up. It didn’t take long for him to find out what was going on. It was obvious to him that the old man had been poisoned. The poison was pretty potent too. Thankfully, it was discovered early on, so he could still be saved. Another day or two, and he would have been lying in the morgue!
“Ms. Harmon, can you get me some silver acupuncture needles?” Dustin asked.
“No problem.”
Natasha waved a hand. Immediately, one of her bodyguards went out. Five minutes later, he returned with a set of acupuncture needles.
“Thank you.”
Dustin nodded his thanks, then began to take off the old man’s shirt. First, he tapped his knuckles against the old man’s stomach to make sure he was hitting the correct positions, then began to place the needles in the correct pressure points. His actions were light but firm as his hands flew deftly. With his skill, his patient would not feel any pain from the needles. Seeing this, Natasha was surprised.
“He’s good!”
She didn’t know much about acupuncture as a medical practice, but she knew some experts in the field. From what she could see, those old experts had nothing on Dustin. His actions were one of an experienced and talented healer who had spent years in practice. She was curious about this man. Once all 16 needles were in place, Dustin breathed a sigh of relief. It had been some time since he last performed acupuncture, but thankfully he was still familiar.
“Is that all? Nothing changed!” Ruth looked confused.
“Your grandfather has been poisoned. It’ll take about two hours to drain the toxin from his body; you shouldn’t remove the needles before the two hours are up, or there might be serious side effects!”
Ruth pouted.
“Why should I believe you?”
“Ruth!”
Natasha glared at her sister.
“I need to go to the bathroom. Please watch over him while I’m gone,” Dustin told the occupants of the room before leaving.
Not long after he left, a group of doctors barged in. These were some of the most skilled doctors in the hospital. A balding man led the troupe.
“Hey! Who are you guys?” Ruth crossed her arms.
“My name is Jansen. I’m the executive director of the hospital, and also the dean of the medical school. I’m here on orders to treat Old Mr. Harmon,” the balding man introduced.
“Ah, you’re that famous Dr. Jansen! The best doctor in Swinton!” Ruth was ecstatic.
“More like one of the best,” Dr. Jansen said proudly, “but yes, I am.”
“It’s great to meet you, Dr. Jansen. Please help my grandfather.”
Ruth immediately moved out of his way. Clearly, she trusted Dr. Jansen more than she trusted a youngster like Dustin.
“I will.” Dr. Jansen nodded. When he got nearer to the bed, he frowned. “What’s with the needles? What nonsense is this?”
As he spoke, he made to remove the needles.
“Wait!” Seeing this, Natasha stopped him.
“What’s wrong?” Dr. Jansen asked, annoyed.
“Dr. Jansen, I’ve already hired another healer. He said that my grandfather has been poisoned. We cannot remove these needles as there might be serious side effects.”
“What a bunch of bullshit!” Dr. Jansen snorted derisively. “If these needles can cure ailments, then what are doctors for?”
“That’s right!” Ruth agreed. “Natasha, that Dustin barely looks a day over 20. How could he be a skilled healer? Please don’t tell me you believe the shit he spewed.”
“Then how would you explain the way he could tell that you’re having diarrhea just by looking at you?” Natasha asked.
“He… he made a lucky guess!” Ruth said.
“Ms. Harmon, all of the best doctors in Swinton are here. I don’t know who you hired just now, but I believe he’s just conning you. Do you really think our professionally trained doctors are not as good as a random guy on the street?” Dr. Jansen asked. “I know you’re worried about Old Mr. Harmon, but please, don’t believe in these superstitions. It would just make things worse!”
“That’s right! Dr. Jansen has saved a lot of people. Don’t worry, Old Mr. Harmon will be safe in his hands!” the other doctors behind him chimed in.
Their confidence weakened Natasha’s resolve. However, she insisted, “We should wait for Mr. Rhys to come back.”
“Why should we?” Ruth said. “Maybe he’s already gone, Natasha!”
“Ms. Harmon, I’m a busy man. I’m not going to waste any more time here. If I pull out these needles and anything happens to Old Mr. Harmon, it’ll be on me.” With that, Dr. Jansen pulled out all of the needles.
As soon as the needles were removed, something strange happened.
Andrew’s body began convulsing. His face began to turn black, and blood gushed out from his nose and mouth. The machines on either side of the bed began beeping.
“What’s going on?” Dr. Jansen was surprised by the turn of events.
“What’s this, Dr. Jansen?” Natasha frowned.
“That’s strange, he was fine earlier…” Dr. Jansen felt uneasy.
“Sir, the patient is coding!”
“Quick, get the machines!”
Without delay, Dr. Jansen began emergency resuscitation. Even after a lot of effort, Andrew did not seem to get better at all. In fact, his stats were declining uncontrollably. Dr. Jansen was panicking.
“Ms. Harmon, I think… I think Old Mr. Harmon is… dying…”
“What?” Both Natasha and Ruth were shocked.
###Chapter 6 by Marina Vittori
“You useless thing!” Natasha was livid. She grabbed Dr. Jansen by the collar and yelled, “I told you not to remove the needles! Now that the worst has happened, this is all you have to say?”
“No, this has got nothing to do with me!” Dr. Jansen shook his head fervently. “It must be that other healer. His needles must have caused this to happen!”
Natasha slapped him.
“Stop pushing the blame on others, you bastard! I’m warning you now if anything happens to my grandfather, I’ll kill you!”
At those words, Dr. Jansen paled. The Harmon family was powerful enough to get rid of him without anyone knowing.
“What’s going on?”
At that moment, Dustin entered. When he saw Andrew’s state, he frowned.
“Didn’t I tell you not to remove the needles?” he asked with displeasure. “Why didn’t you listen to me?”
“Mr. Rhys, just now…”
Before Natasha could explain, Dr. Jansen shot forward and grabbed Dustin by the collar.
“So it’s you who placed the needles?” he shouted. “It’s your stupid needling that caused Old Mr. Harmon to go into critical condition! You’re responsible for this!”
Dustin was a convenient scapegoat that he could use to avoid the blame.
“Am I right to presume that you were the one who removed the needles, then?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“So what if it’s me?”
“Nothing much. I’m just a little curious. How did you become a doctor when you’re so unskilled and irresponsible?”
“You—”
“Shut up!”
Natasha pushed Dr. Jansen away, then pulled Dustin over to the bed.
“Mr. Rhys, we have no time to lose. Please save my grandfather!”
“Ms. Harmon, he’s just a conman! He won’t be able to do anything for your grandfather. Don’t be scammed!” Dr. Jansen said angrily.
“If you think he can’t do anything, then why don’t you do something?” Natasha glared at him.
“I…”
Dr. Jansen was rendered speechless. If he could save Andrew, he would’ve done so earlier instead of standing around.
Just as Dustin was about to begin his treatment, Dr. Jansen said suddenly, “A word of warning, young man. Old Mr. Harmon is a man of influence. If you fail, you’ll have a lot to answer for.”
“If that’s so, then I’m not treating him. You guys can deal with it yourself.”
Dustin had no wish to continue arguing with them. He turned and made to leave.
“You f*cking bastard! Shut your craphole!”
Natasha was livid. She slapped Dr. Jansen again. The slap was so forceful that Dr. Jansen stumbled and almost fell to the ground. Seeing his swollen face, Dustin felt vindicated, even though he remained expressionless. Natasha’s expression changed into pleading when she spoke to him.
“Please, Mr. Rhys. The Harmon family will owe you a big favor if you can save my grandfather.”
“It won’t be easy. The toxin has been aggravated, so it’s more aggressive now. Acupuncture alone won’t be enough to cure him. I need something else,” Dustin said.
“I will give you whatever you need,” Natasha said.
“I’ll need a quarter pound of caterpillars, a quarter pound of spiders, and a quarter pound of cockroaches. Fry them and seal them in an airtight container.”
“Ew. Why do you need those things? How gross.” Ruth said in disgust.
“Stop your yakking. Go find those items!”
Natasha glared at her. Reluctantly, Ruth went out with her bodyguards to look for the insects. Soon, they came back with a container filled with fried insects.
“Ms. Harmon, after I finish the acupuncture treatment on your grandfather, please open this container and place it in front of his nose and mouth,” Dustin said.
“Will do!”
Natasha nodded.
“I shall begin.”
Dustin took out his silver needles and took a deep breath. Then, he gathered his concentration and inserted the first needle into Andrew’s lower abdomen. With a flick of his finger, Dustin made the needle rotate quickly. A sliver of energy entered Andrew’s body through the needle.
His second needle went slightly above the first. Dustin inserted it without any hesitation. The next three needles were placed quickly and determinedly in a straight line from the first two. Interestingly, Dustin did not just stick the needle into Andrew. Instead, he was slowly forcing the needles upward from the abdomen. With every needle he placed, Andrew’s skin bulged slightly, as if something was crawling underneath his skin.
“What bullshit.” Dr. Jansen pursed his lips disdainfully. “Acupuncture is a bunch of crap. It’s not even based in science!”
“That’s true! He’s just embarrassing himself!” The other doctors in the room were also whispering amongst themselves.
They clearly had no confidence in alternative medicine. When Dustin finally placed the last needle, he was drenched in sweat. What he did was not regular acupuncture. It was the long-lost art of Miracle Needling. Miracle Needling could raise the dead, but only if the performer had the internal power to do so. It was a draining task, so he only used it for emergencies.
“Ms. Harmon, the container,” Dustin reminded.
Natasha opened the container hurriedly, and a pungent smell filled the room. Andrew got the brunt of it.
“More absurdities!” Dr. Jansen snorted again. “Do you really think some needles and fried insects can save a man from dying?”
“Just because you can’t, it doesn’t mean others cannot,” Dustin replied lightly.
“If you succeed, I’ll eat this container of insects!” Dr. Jansen said.
Just as he finished speaking, Andrew opened his mouth for the first time after days of being unresponsive. A black centipede crawled out of his mouth. Attracted by the smell of the fried insect, it climbed into the container and began eating them.
“A centipede? Is that a centipede?”
“Oh my god, there was a centipede in old Mr. Harmon’s body!”
“Ew!”
When the people in the room realized what was happening, they were shocked. Ruth even started vomiting. It was terrifying to see a centipede climb out of a human’s mouth. This was the stuff of nightmares. Suddenly, there was a sound of loud coughing from the bed. Andrew opened his eyes.
###Chapter 7 by Marina Vittori
“Is he awake?” Everyone was stunned when they saw Andrew return to consciousness. The doctors were dumbstruck when they noticed the monitors showing Andrew’s vital signs were all normal. Who would have expected a young man like Dustin to cure an unknown disease that had stumped the entire specialist team? This was unheard of!
“That’s amazing! Grandfather is awake!” Ruth burst into tears of happiness when she saw her grandfather’s recovery. Natasha also breathed a sigh of relief.
“Mr. Rhys, I don’t know how to thank you for this. From now on, you are the Harmon family’s honored guest!” She bowed deeply to Dustin.
“You’re welcome, Ms. Harmon. It was no trouble at all.” Dustin gave her a small smile. However, Dustin’s humble words irked Dr. Jansen. He and his team had done all they could to cure Andrew, but this punk called it “no trouble at all?” Clearly, Dustin was insulting them indirectly!
“Hey, you! What’s up with the centipede? Why would there be a centipede in my grandfather’s body?” Ruth spoke up.
“This is not a normal centipede. It’s actually a venomous curse.” Dustin turned to Andrew. “Mr. Harmon, where were you recently? Have you eaten anything out of the ordinary?”
“You’re spot on. A few days ago, I was at Millsburg for a party and drank some wine.” Andrew nodded.
“If I’m not mistaken, you must have been cursed,” Dustin concluded.
“Cursed?” Andrew was taken aback. The rest of them stared at each other in surprise. After all, it wasn’t every day that someone got cursed.
“Don’t spout nonsense! It’s illogical that this could be a curse! If you ask me, Mr. Harmon must have ingested centipede eggs by mistake!” Dr. Jansen interrupted.
“Dr. Jansen, any normal centipede eggs would have been digested by the stomach’s acid! It’s fine if you are not familiar with this, but do not spread false information!” Dustin retorted calmly.
“You…” Dr. Jansen shut up when he caught sight of Natasha’s deadly glare. “Mr. Rhys, thank you for your diagnosis. I will investigate this further,” Natasha said seriously.
She had heard of venomous curses before, however, she had no personal experience. Who would have thought that her grandfather was suffering from this? Natasha was determined to make the perpetrators pay for this!
“Now that the curse is lifted, you should feed him this prescription for five days to remove the toxins from his body.” Dustin scribbled on some paper.
“Thank you so much, Mr. Rhys.” Natasha took the prescription gratefully.
“Alright, I will excuse myself since there’s nothing more to be done.” Dustin got up to leave. “Let me see you off.” Natasha got up as well.
“Sis, what should I do with these insects?” Ruth interjected. “Dr. Jansen mentioned that he was going to eat those insects. Since he was the one who requested it, we shall fulfill his wish! All of you, make sure he finishes those insects before leaving!” Natasha said coldly.
“What?” Dr. Jansen went pale. At this moment, in another hospital room, a similar scene of chaos was unfolding.
“Mom! How could Rhys hit me? Please, you have to teach him a lesson!”
James was whining on the hospital bed with his head bound up tightly. Only his nose and mouth could be seen.
“Don’t worry, I will get even with him for you!” Florence comforted James gently.
“Mrs. Nicholson, it is unthinkable that Dustin had the nerve to physically assault both of you!” A handsome young man dressed in a suit spoke up. He was the second son of the Nolan family, Chris Nolan. He was also deeply infatuated with Dahlia.
“Chris, you wouldn’t believe it. That punk went mad and hit my son like a maniac. No one could stop him!” Florence gritted her teeth.
“Really? Was he such a crazy person?” Chris frowned. “I know some thugs who can teach him a lesson. Shall I help you out, Mrs. Nicholson?”
“Oh, that would be great!” Florence broke into a smile.
“Chris, make sure they knock some sense into him. Fracture a bone or two!” James snarled in anger.
“Sure thing. I assure you, he is as good as dead!” Chris laughed maliciously.
To be honest, Dustin’s marriage to Dahlia had bothered him long ago. How was it possible that a useless bum like him could have such an attractive and successful lady as his wife? Chris couldn’t pass up this opportunity to beat Dustin up!
“James, how are your injuries?” Dahlia asked as she entered the hospital room suddenly. She was dressed in a slinky black dress that showed off her voluptuous curves. Chris’s eyes brightened considerably.
“Dahlia, you’re finally here! Look at me, I’m terribly hurt!” James sat up immediately and pointed at his bandaged head.
“Alright, Dustin told me what happened and apologized over the phone. Let’s forget about it and move on,” Dahlia comforted her brother.
“Forget about it?” James raised his voice. “Dahlia, are you kidding me? I was beaten black and blue! An apology isn’t going to cut it! What do you take me for?”
“Well, what do you want?”
“I want him to kneel before me and beg for forgiveness!” “He is still your brother-in-law. Don’t make a mountain out of a molehill.”
“Don’t lie to me! I know that both of you have divorced!”
“Regardless of what happened, we were once family. Besides, you are partly to blame.”
“Dahlia, why are you taking his side? What did I even do wrong? I only broke his stupid necklace! What’s the big deal?” James snapped angrily.
“What? What did you say about a necklace?” Dahlia frowned.
“The necklace you wore previously. He claimed that it was an heirloom, but I’m sure it’s just rubbish!” James mumbled under his breath.
“Did you destroy that necklace?” Dahlia probed further.
“Yeah, he was being extremely rude! That insolent punk refused to give me the crystal necklace, that’s why I smashed it on the ground!” James said stubbornly.
“You’re really asking for a beating!”
When Dahlia learned of this, she was furious. After everything that had happened, she finally understood why Dustin would beat James up. James was the one who demanded and shattered the precious crystal necklace.
Other people might not have understood its significance, but Dahlia knew otherwise. The necklace wasn’t just a family heirloom, it was also the only thing that reminded Dustin of his mother. It was a symbol of his mother’s love for him. When they got divorced, Dustin didn’t want anything but the necklace. From this, it was evident that the crystal necklace meant the world to him.
“Dahlia, it’s just a necklace! Why are you lecturing me over this?” James whined. “That’s right! Is that trinket more important than your brother’s life?” Florence demanded.
“I’ll deal with the both of you later!”
Dahlia didn’t bother to argue and left immediately. She didn’t have the energy to quarrel with her spoiled brother and unreasonable mother. Moreover, in her haste, she hurt Dustin with her words. Now that Dahlia thought about it, she regretted saying them. With his temperament, Dustin would never have lost his temper so easily. She had made a mistake…
###Chapter 8 by Marina Vittori
Natasha and Dustin sat in the backseat of a silver Benz. “Mr. Rhys, this is the Harmon family’s platinum card. Please accept it as a token of our gratitude.” Natasha handed Dustin a black card edged with gold as she explained. “With this, you will be treated as an honored guest in all establishments under the Harmon family.”
“Ms. Harmon, I don’t need this.” Dustin shook his head. “Don’t worry, Mr. Rhys. This is just a personal gesture. Regarding Mr. Anderson’s request for the canscora, I will send the herb to your place tomorrow,” Natasha said with a smile.
“That’s very kind of you, Ms. Harmon. Thank you very much.” Dustin chuckled and accepted the card. Since it was a gift from her, it would come in handy. As they were talking, the car suddenly pulled over.
“I’m sorry, Ms. Harmon! I was forced to do this!” The car driver confessed before getting out and running for his life.
At that moment, two black SUVs swept by. They blocked the silver Benz in the front and rear. More than ten men got out of the SUVs. They approached the car, armed with weapons, and with covered faces. A bald, burly man who seemed to be the leader set his foot on the Benz’s bonnet.
Brandishing his knife, he threatened, “Ms. Harmon, my boss wants to meet you. We will escort you.”
“How bold of you to hijack my car!” Natasha replied, unfazed. She emitted a stately aura befitting a queen.
“We wouldn’t have dared with all your bodyguards around. However, they are now at the hospital guarding your grandfather. You are alone with your little boy toy! How could we pass this precious opportunity up?” the bald guy smirked.
“Well, you do have some brains in that numbskull of yours to bribe my driver. However, please satisfy my curiosity. Who’s your boss?” Natasha asked calmly.
“You will know once we get there! Now, will you get off?” the bald guy urged.
“You have no right to order me around!” Natasha didn’t budge.
“Since you are going to be difficult, I have no choice but to resort to force!” The bald man gestured to the others for a large hammer. As he was going to smash the windscreen, Dustin opened the door and got out.
“Ms. Harmon, your boy toy has no guts. I’ve not even started and he is already peeing his pants in fear. What did you see in him?” the bald guy said mockingly. Natasha frowned and reached into her bag silently.
“You have five seconds to cram,” Dustin warned. “Punk, do you know what you’re saying? Are you trying to be a hero? Go to hell!”
Before the bald man could finish his sentence, a slap landed on his face. The overwhelming pressure almost dislocated his jaw. He staggered back, stars spinning around his head.
“Fuck! How dare this punk fight back? Kill him!”
The other men immediately rushed toward Dustin with their weapons in hand. Dustin faced them fearlessly. He weaved through the crowd, his movements as light as a feather. Each time someone came within arm’s length, he dealt out a firm slap.
After a few loud cracks and cries of pain, the men fell over one by one. None remained standing after receiving a slap from Dustin. Beating up more than ten muscular men seemed as easy as pie for him. The bald man was scared shitless. Never in his dreams would he have thought that the young man before him was such a terrifying monster. Even though all of them came at Dustin at once, not a hair on his head was harmed. “Interesting.”
Natasha’s eyes shone with interest, a slight smile playing on her lips. She replaced the handgun she had lying in her bag. Initially, she thought that Dustin was going to have some trouble taking down a group of bloodthirsty men by himself. Who knew that he was such a capable fighter? He was much more skilled than her bodyguards. Not only was he skilled in medicine and combat, but he was also handsome as well! A man like him was one in a million!
“Stop! Stand back!” The bald man pleaded for his life as Dustin approached him. “Don’t come near me! I will make you pay—”
Before he could finish, Dustin landed a punch on his abdomen. The man threw up and kneeled on the ground in pain.
“He’s all yours, Ms. Harmon.”
Dustin stepped aside. “Thank you.” Natasha nodded and stared down at the bald guy. “Tell me, who’s your boss?”
Sweat running down his forehead, the man hesitated.
“Are you not going to tell me?” Natasha smirked and picked up a knife from the ground. She held the blade against his neck and threatened, “I shall have to torture you slowly until you confess then.”
With that, she raised her arm and swung.
At the last moment, the bald man screamed, “Please don’t kill me! I’ll tell you everything! It’s Trevor Spanner of the Drey Group!”
His life was more important than his loyalty right now. “As expected.” Natasha smiled. “Return and inform Trevor that I’ll remember this! When I have some free time, I’ll visit him. Get lost right now!”
The bald man and his men ran away with their tails between their legs. “Ms. Harmon, things are not as simple as it seems. First, your grandfather was cursed. Next, your car was hijacked. Trevor will not be easy to deal with,” Dustin warned.
“Trevor Spanner is just a crazy bastard. However, he has strong allies backing him up. I’m not going to do anything about this yet. It’s better to lay in wait for an opportunity to round all of them up at one go!”
Natasha narrowed her eyes. It would be rash to attack right now. She would take all of them down in one blow! “As long as you have a plan, that’s alright.” Dustin nodded. He had no interest in the conflicts between rival families.
“Mr. Rhys, it seems that you are really my family’s benefactor. You saved my grandfather, and now you have saved me from getting kidnapped. I have no way to pay you back.” Natasha fluttered her eyelashes.
“It’s no trouble at all,” Dustin replied carelessly.
“No, we owe you too much! I must return the favor!” With that, Natasha shot him a sultry smile. “To show my sincerity, shall I repay you with my body?”
###Chapter 9 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Dustin’s face froze. He never thought Natasha would say something like that. Taking a closer look, he found that her beauty was different from Dahlia’s. She was sensual like Aphrodite, and her smile could take anyone’s breath away. In short, she was a natural femme fatale, ensnaring men with her bewitching charms.
“Why are you so shocked? I’m just playing around.” Natasha’s breasts heaved as she laughed heartily at Dustin’s face. It was all Dustin could do to tear his eyes away from her voluptuous curves. The more he looked at her, the harder it was not to gawk at her figure.
“Mr. Rhys, back to the issue at hand. I need to ask a favor from you again.” Natasha’s expression grew serious. “What is it?” Dustin asked.
“You know that all my bodyguards are stationed at the hospital, so I don’t have anybody to protect me. Now that this incident has happened, no one knows when the next attack could occu. I hope that you can be my bodyguard and protect me 24/7,” Natasha said in earnest.
“Personal bodyguard?” Dustin raised his eyebrows. “Ms. Harmon, wouldn’t it be better for you to stay at a safe place?”
“It’s impossible, Mr. Rhys. For your information, the Harmon family will be organizing a charity dinner tonight. As the main organizer, I have to be present. What if someone appeared tonight and made a scene? A damsel like me would be defenseless. Besides, who would bring you the canscora if something unfortunate befell me?” Natasha blinked innocently.
“Well…” Dustin hesitated for a moment and nodded. “Alright, I’ll protect you.”
Although it was a hassle, he had to do it for the canscora. Nothing could be allowed to go wrong until he managed to get his hands on the herb.
“Many thanks, Mr. Rhys.” Natasha gave him a sly smile. Truth be told, she was much more interested in the bodyguard than being protected.
…
It was the evening at the Mirage. The Mirage was the most prominent club in Swinton. The building was as large as a hotel and inspired by the Victorian period. It had gabled roofs, large bay windows, and decorative sculptures. The interior was similarly designed, exuding grandeur and magnificence. Outside, the club was surrounded by vast gardens, vineyards, and even a man-made lake.
A black Benz stopped at the entrance of the Mirage. A gorgeous woman dressed in a black evening gown got out of the car. She had flawless skin and legs that went on for miles. Her intricate features complemented her graceful motions. The second she arrived, everyone’s eyes were drawn to her as she outshone all the other women in her presence.
“What a beautiful woman! Is she a famous actress?”
“Her face and figure are of out of this world!”
“Isn’t she the president of Quine Group? She is one of Swinton’s Four Beauties!”
People milling at the entrance whispered among themselves, marveling at Dahlia’s beauty. However, none of them went forward to introduce themselves as they were too intimidated.
“I’ve never thought that the Mirage could be so grand! What beautiful designs and sculptures!” Lyra exclaimed as she got out of the car.
“The Mirage is one of the main establishments of the Harmon family, that’s why the design and quality are impeccable. It is extremely difficult for most people to get an invitation to the Mirage.” Dahlia surveyed the surroundings. Even with her high standards, she had to admit that the Mirage was in a class of its own.
“Dahlia, there you are!” A bespectacled young man in a suit came up to both of them. It was Chris, the second son of the Nolan family.
“Mr. Nolan, are you interested in tonight’s charity dinner as well?” Dahlia greeted him.
“I’m not interested in just any charity dinner. Having said that, this dinner is organized by the Harmon family. Who wouldn’t be interested?” Chris answered with a smile.
The Harmon family was one of the Mighty Three, the top three most reputable families in Swinton! Their financial power and influence were unrivaled in Swinton. Many people would die for the chance to just enter the Mirage, let alone to be invited to the Harmon family’s charity dinner.
“Mr. Nolan, are you sure that’s all you are interested in?” Lyra smirked knowingly.
“Of course I have an ulterior motive. I’m here to be of help to both of you.” Chris chuckled.
“Help us?” Lyra was confused.
“I heard rumors that the Quine Group is shortlisted to be one of the Harmon family’s partners. It’s not easy to be partners of such a powerful group, especially for Quine Group. That’s why I’m here to put in a good word on your behalf. This will boost the possibility of signing a contract with the Harmon family!” Chris boasted, his voice filled with confidence.
“That would be great! Thank you, Mr. Nolan!” Lyra was overjoyed.
If the Quine Group became partners with the Harmon family, not only would this elevate the company’s reputation, her status as secretary to the president would rise significantly as well.
“You’re welcome. Granting my relationship with Dahlia, this is no trouble to me at all.” Chris shot her a deliberate smile.
“Of course, we are already one family.” Lyra returned the gesture.
Dahlia had not heard a word of their conversation. Her gaze was fixed on a luxurious car in the distance. A man’s silhouette was standing by the car.
“Could that be Dustin?”
Dahlia finally recognized the man. After she found out the truth about that fight, she had been feeling guilty about it. Dahlia decided to address the misunderstanding since Dustin was coincidentally here. With that thought, she walked up to him.
“Dustin!”
Dahlia was about to continue when she stopped in her tracks. She noticed a striking figure next to Dustin. The woman was dressed in a skin-tight, fiery red dress that showcased her tiny waist and alluring curves. In addition, her porcelain skin and captivating features radiated an aura of nobility, like a queen who had come to grace her presence on her subjects.
###Chapter 10 by Marina Vittori
“Ms. Nicholson, nice to meet you. How can I help you?” Dustin’s eyes widened when he saw Dahlia walking toward him, but his gaze turned cold in a moment. “What a coincidence seeing you here.”
Dahlia choked back the speech she had prepared to explain herself and greeted Dustin stiffly. She did not believe it when her mother told her of Dustin’s new love interest. Who would have thought that it was true? Although they were divorced, Dahlia felt a little uncomfortable seeing her ex-husband being with another woman. There was an awkward and uneasy feeling in her heart.
“Mr. Rhys, is she a friend of yours?” Natasha sized Dahlia up. According to her female intuition, she could detect a hint of hostility from this woman standing before them.
“She’s my ex-wife,” Dustin replied. “Really?” Natasha raised her eyebrows and gave Dahlia a charming smile. “Hi, I’m Natasha Harmon. Nice to meet you.”
She stretched out her hand to shake Dahlia’s. Although her actions seemed friendly enough, the atmosphere around her was slightly intimidating.
“Nice to meet you, Ms. Harmon,” Dahlia answered politely.
Although she was usually very self-assured, she had to admit that the woman before her was stunning. Natasha was on par with her in looks, height, and conduct. Furthermore, Natasha’s figure was much more voluptuous than hers. Any man would be enamored by her!
“Dustin, when did you befriend Ms. Harmon? You’ve never introduced me!” Dahlia couldn’t help but ask.
“Were you ever interested in my friends?” Dustin replied sarcastically.
His sharp words rendered Dahlia speechless. She had never expected Dustin to be so direct. The atmosphere around the three of them grew tense.
“Dustin, can I have a word with you?” Dahlia tried after a few seconds of silence.
“About what?” Dustin retorted with a poker face.
“It’s about something private, let’s go elsewhere.” Dahlia turned to find a quiet corner but she realized Dustin didn’t move an inch. Her brows furrowed with frustration.
“Let’s talk about it here and now. I don’t want another misunderstanding,” Dustin insisted.
“Must you be so difficult?” Dahlia frowned.
She was trying to make peace with him, but Dustin seemed to not be having any of it. He was being mean and talking down to her in a disagreeable manner.
“Ms. Nicholson, we are already divorced. Since your status is of such a high rank, it is better for us to not be seen together. I would only embarrass you.” Dustin scoffed.
“I don’t understand. Why are you being such a jerk?” Dahlia was getting annoyed.
“Are you seriously asking me?” Dustin stared back at her. “Wasn’t this your choice?”
“I…” Dahlia couldn’t say a word in retaliation. Yes, she did initiate the divorce. However, there was no need to keep bringing up the past.
Despite her struggle to calm herself down, Dahlia could feel resentment rising within her. Seeing Dustin with another woman triggered her frustration and anger. These feelings became more and more intense as their fight escalated.
“Dustin, I know you despise me. Nevertheless, I don’t think I’ve made a mistake. Besides, I’ve given you many chances to redeem yourself!”
Dahlia’s tone turned icy. It was not easy for her to reconcile with others, given her prideful nature. Moreover, Dustin threw it in her face.
“So you mean that I’m still in the wrong?” Dustin could only laugh.
“I’m not in the mood to argue with you as we are irrelevant now. Having said that, you shouldn’t be flaunting your new partner in front of me if you have any respect for me as your ex-wife!” Dahlia said gravely.
“Respect?” Dustin laughed harder. “How about Chris, then? Even before we got divorced, you were already having an affair with him. How could you even demand respect?”
“Regardless of whether you believe me, I’m innocent and my conscience is clear,” Dahlia retorted, her head held high.
“Is that so?” Dustin smirked and pointed at Chris, who was walking toward them. “I would like to have a look at that clear conscience of yours!”
Both of them had been fooling around in bed. Now, they were even at the charity dinner together.
What a joke for her to claim that she was innocent! Dahlia frowned slightly, but she did not explain herself. First, there was nothing to explain. Second, Dustin wouldn’t believe her anyway.
“Dahlia, we were having a conversation just now. Why did you slip away?” Chris said to her with a smile.
Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed Natasha. Chris was astounded when he saw her alluring beauty. Desire burned in his eyes as his breathing quickened.
What a gorgeous woman! He had never seen such an extraordinary lady in his life. If Dahlia was like water, Natasha was like a burning flame. She could arouse the desires of men with her sultry gaze, without even moving a muscle. Natasha was a natural seductress!
Sneaking a few glances at Natasha, he quickly diverted his gaze. He knew that it was unbecoming of a man to make his intentions known so early, especially in the presence of such dazzling women. Making a first good impression was extremely important.
“Dustin, what a surprise to see you!” Chris turned to Dustin with a frown.
Chris was green with envy when he saw Natasha being so friendly to Dustin. How could this punk be surrounded by hotties all the time? After getting a divorce from Dahlia, here he was with another attractive woman on his arm. Was he blessed with lady luck?
“Why would it be a surprise to see me?” Dustin retorted.
“I’ve heard from Dahlia that you were just an errand boy at the Quine Group. With your status, you have no right to enter the Mirage. Were you planning to sneak in?” Chris narrowed his eyes.
“Don’t you worry about it, it’s none of your business,” Dustin said calmly.
“I must have guessed correctly.” Chris smirked and turned to Natasha. “Don’t be deceived by him, gorgeous. Dustin is not some rich scion but a lowly pauper. He has no right to be breathing the same air as you, gorgeous.”
In Chris’s mind, Dustin must have lied to the beautiful lady. Why would she be together with a useless guy like him otherwise?
“What’s wrong with that? It’s fine as long as I like him!” Natasha chuckled.
“Gorgeous, with your beauty and looks, you can definitely marry into a wealthy family. Why would you choose to live a difficult life with him?” Chris replied, puzzled.
“Wealth means very little to me. In my eyes, Dustin is an outstanding man.” Natasha slipped her arm into Dustin’s naturally.
“Outstanding?” Chris laughed mockingly. “He doesn’t have wealth, fame, or power. How could he be regarded as outstanding?”
“At the very least, he is more handsome than you.” Natasha snapped.
“What’s the use of a handsome face? In the end, he is just a boy toy!” Chris’s expression darkened. “I have warned you, Dustin is a conman. You are going to regret it once he takes advantage of your wealth and body!”
“Take advantage of me?” Natasha laughed merrily. “I do hope that he will take advantage of me, but it seems that he isn’t interested.”
Her bold words made Dahlia and Chris frown in disapproval. Even Dustin couldn’t take it any longer. This woman was really a shameless flirt.
###Chapter 11 by Marina Vittori
“Hey, did you not hear me? That guy is a liar! It won’t do you any good if you stay with him!” Chris’s face was etched with concern when Natasha was unfazed by his provocation. He couldn’t bear to watch a beautiful woman like her be ruined at Dustin’s hands.
“Damn, you sure are annoying. It’s none of your business who I hang out with!” Natasha snapped, having lost her patience.
“You…”
Chris was on the verge of a breakdown. Never had he imagined her to be so stubborn. How could she still go back to Dustin knowing that he deceived her? Was that guy so charming?
“Mr. Nolan, this kind of person deserves to be deceived. Not only does she not appreciate your kind reminder but also speaks rudely to you. How ungrateful!” Lyra uttered unkindly from the side.
“Hmph! So showing kindness is a crime now?” Chris felt unjust, but obviously, he was more jealous.
“You two must have known each other for a long time, right?” Dahlia asked abruptly. Judging from Natasha’s behavior, she couldn’t help but suspect that they had long had a secret affair. Otherwise, there wasn’t a reasonable explanation for Chris’ determination.
“That’s not important. What matters is that our feelings are mutual.” Natasha smiled. While speaking, she pressed her chest against Dustin’s arm as though swearing sovereignty.
At this sight, Dahlia’s gaze became fiercer. Despite knowing that Natasha was deliberately pushing her buttons, she couldn’t suppress her irritation. It felt like someone had snatched away something of hers.
“Dustin, I’ve seriously misjudged you. We aren’t officially divorced, yet you’ve already found yourself another woman.” Dahlia tried to calm her emotions. In fact, she had been brooding about their divorce because she felt like she owed Dustin. However, the latter had begun fooling around with women while she was busy thinking of a way to make up to him. At the end of the day, she was the clown.
“If that’s what you think of me, I have nothing to say.” Dustin shrugged as he was lazy to explain anything.
“Fine. I was thinking that I owed you something, but it looks like we’re even now!” Dahlia’s expression turned indifferent. She felt as if she was looking at a complete stranger.
“Great.” Although Dustin’s poker face remained, his heart momentarily twitched for some reason.
“Ms. Nicholson…” Just then, Nastsha spoke up with a smile. “The choice you made was rather unwise, but I still have to thank you.”
“What for?” Dahlia slowly looked up at her.
“Thank you for letting me have Dustin. If not, I wouldn’t have discovered such a treasure by myself.” Natasha was flashing a satirical grin, her words meant to humiliate Dahlia.
“Hey! You bitch…” Lyra was about to explode when Dahlia raised her hand and cut her off.
She looked Natasha in the eyes and replied, “Your so-called treasure is just average in my opinion.”
“Average?” Natasha raised her eyebrow. “You’re calling a highly educated martial artist average? Ms. Nicholson, you do have high standards. However, the guy you’re with doesn’t seem to be any better.”
“At least he’s better than Dustin.” Dahlia didn’t back down.
“Oh, really? Why don’t we make a bet then?” Natasha dared playfully.
“About what?”
“Let’s bet which of them will have greater achievements within a month. What do you say?”
Hearing this, the three of them were taken aback. They didn’t expect she would suggest something like that.
Chris sneered as he looked at Natasha incredulously. “Say, did you hit your head or something? Are you making me compete with this piece of trash? Is he even worthy?”
“Exactly! Mr. Nolan is the successor of Nolan Pharmaceuticals with assets worth over a billion dollars under his name. What does Dustin have?” Lyra pursed his lips in disdain.
“Are you sure you want to bet on this?” Dahlia felt a little lost. To her, Dustin had nothing other than his good looks. Conversely, Chris was excellent in all aspects, be it his family background or personal capabilities.
The two of them were far from being on par with each other. Dustin could never beat Chris even if he were given five years, much less a month.
“Of course. It’s only about whether you dare to accept the bet.” Natasha raised her chin obnoxiously.
“What are we betting on?”
“Whoever loses the bet will have to apologize to the other and admit that she had no standards.”
“Sure. The bet is on.” Dahlia nodded.
“Good. I hope you don’t regret it!” Natasha chuckled.
Both of them possessed equal beauty but contrasting temperaments. At that moment, a rivalry had silently formed between the two.
“We shall find out when the time comes.” After casting one last glance at Natasha, Dahlia turned around and entered Mirage without another word.
“Pfft, you’re digging your own grave.” Chris and Lyra sneered again before following Dahlia into the building. Not once did they take Dustin seriously.
“Mr. Rhys, what do you think? Did I do well?” Natasha asked coquettishly as she tucked her hair behind her ear. Even though her action looked simple, there were many meanings behind it.
“You went slightly over the top,” Dustin said helplessly. “If we lose, you’ll lose your reputation.”
“Lose? Are you kidding me? Don’t tell me you can’t even beat that loser?” Natasha started to agitate Dustin.
“I’m an ordinary man. How am I supposed to compete with a successor of a wealthy family?” Dustin shrugged.
“Ordinary? You’re too modest, Mr. Rhys. Your looks alone are out of this world!” As Natasha blinked at him flirtatiously, she appeared like a street thug harassing a lady.
Feeling speechless, Dustin pretended not to see it. Nevertheless, he had to admit that her performance was impeccable. It saved his pride. After all, very few women could steal Dahlia’s limelight, and Natasha was undoubtedly one of them.
###Chapter 12 by Marina Vittori
After entering Mirage, Lyra vented her anger. “Ugh, that woman is hot, but she’s blind to fall for an incompetent fool like Dustin.”
“I know, right? What a waste,” Chris chimed in with a long sigh. He was rich and handsome, so why was he unable to meet a beautiful woman too?
“That’s enough talk. We’re here for business,” Dahlia interrupted them and said, “Lyra, go and find out which Harmon is in charge tonight. It’d be best if we could promote ourselves.”
“I know a close friend who works at this place. I’ll give her a call.” As Lyra spoke, she fished out her phone and dialed a number. Before long, she informed Dahlia of good news. “Ms. Nicholson, tonight’s charity event is organized by the Steel Lady herself. As for the partner, it’ll depend on her preferences.”
“The Steel Lady? Could she be the famous business prodigy?” At the thought of this, Dahlia’s eyes lit up with excitement. The Steel Lady had a well-known reputation for being the only woman who singlehandedly conquered the business world of Swinton, surpassing nearly all of the other businessmen.
Dahlia couldn’t help but admire such an exceptional businesswoman. However, she’d never met the Steel Lady.
“Lyra, ask your friend whether she could help us arrange a private meeting with the Steel Lady. We can’t miss this opportunity,” said Dahlia.
“I can try and ask her, but there’s no guarantee.”
“Okay. I will thank her afterward.” Deep down, Dahlia was bubbling with anticipation. Being the Harmon family’s partner meant a lot to her. If she could meet the Steel Lady in advance, she was confident that she would be able to convince the other and prove herself.
…
As time passed, the number of guests gradually increased in Mirage. Although the charity event had yet to commence, Natasha was already busy.
“Mr. Rhys, feel free to look around. I have to excuse myself. You can ask anyone here if you need anything.”
“Alright. Thanks.”
“Julie, help me look after Mr. Rhys.” Then, Natasha headed toward her office.
“Ms. Harmon…” Upon entering the room, a middle-aged manager approached her with some documents. “Here is the information you asked for. After several screenings, we have narrowed down only four companies that qualify to be our partner. Please have a look and see if there’s anything else you need.”
Natasha hummed in acknowledgment and nodded silently. She accepted the documents and began reviewing them. After a while, she raised her eyebrow as her interest was piqued.
“Huh, what a coincidence.”
A mischievous smirk formed on Natasha’s lips. It turned out that Jackson Group was among the candidates, and in the documents was Dahlia’s resume. Out of curiosity, she read everything about Dahlia and soon, discovered something unusual.
Three years ago, Dahlia was a nobody while Jackson Group was unheard of. Nonetheless, ever since she’d gotten married, her career experienced inexplicably rapid growth. In merely three years, the small company with assets worth less than millions of dollars had developed into one of the most valuable corporations.
During that period, Dahlia not only received a tremendous amount of investments but also orders for various projects. In Natasha’s opinion, these achievements were questionable and there must have been strings pulled behind the scenes. The problem was, however, Dahlia did not come from an influential family nor did she have connections to pull this off.
“Could it be… him?” An image of Dustin appeared in Natasha’s mind. Besides Dustin, she couldn’t think of anyone else who would help Dahlia so unconditionally. Subsequently, she became even more intrigued. Who on earth was Dustin?
No one could easily build Jackson Group into a large corporation in only three years.
“Dustin, oh, Dustin. What exactly are you hiding?” Narrowing her eyes slightly, Natasha was enthralled by the mystery surrounding Dustin.
“And that woman, Dahlia… What were you thinking? Why did you let go of a wealthy husband and choose to get entangled with that bastard named Chris instead? Are you really that stupid?” Natasha pondered and silently heaved a sigh.
A man had sacrificed so much for a woman, but in the end, she was ignorant and even self-righteously decided to divorce him. Natasha couldn’t wrap her head around that. Nevertheless, she realized that the situation had given her a chance to have Dustin all for herself.
“Ms. Harmon, are you considering Dahlia Nicholson from Jackson Group?” asked the manager tentatively upon the rare sight of Natasha reading the documents so intently.
“Dahlia? Hmph,” Natasha answered with a dissatisfied tone. “She is qualified to be our partner, but I don’t like her.”
“Understood. I will remove her from the list right away!”
“No need. Reorganize the documents and show them to Mr. Rhys. Let him decide,” Natasha instructed with an ambiguous smile.
“Yes.”
Although the manager was dumbfounded, he didn’t dare to question her orders.
“Is there something else?” Natasha asked when he did not leave.
“Ms. Harmon, Edward Spanner from Drey Group had arrived earlier and he wishes to meet you,” the manager explained with his head bowed.
“Edward? Trevor Spanner’s son? What is he doing here?”
Natasha was stunned.
“He says he wants to discuss business matters with you, but I doubt that it is his true intention. Should I order the guards to kick him out?”
“Trevor sent his son in his place? Ha… Never mind. I want to see what tricks he has up his sleeves.”
###Chapter 13 by Marina Vittori
The hall where the event was held had become lively. On the stage, a group of dancers dressed in vintage clothing danced to classical music. Every facial expression and move was full of charm and grace, leaving a lingering impression in the audience’s mind.
Below the stage sat a crowd of well-dressed celebrities. While some clinked their glasses and chatted, others quietly enjoyed the performance. Dustin had found an empty seat and sat down, sipping on a glass of juice as he watched the show.
“Yo, Rhys! Didn’t think you would actually sneak in here!”
Suddenly, a discordant voice disrupted Dustin’s moment of peace. Glancing over at the source, Dusin spotted Chris and Dahlia together with the secretary.
“Hmph, what an unlucky day. Why are you everywhere?” Lyra huffed in annoyance.
Dahlia didn’t say a word. She threw a cold glance at Dustin and went to take a seat in the front row.
“Hey, the charity auction is starting soon. Can you even afford to participate? Why are you sitting here?” Chris jeered.
“Who says I can’t sit here because I can’t afford it?” retorted Dustin.
“That’s the rule! How can a sucker like you sit with us?” Chris said with a contemptuous look.
“Are you deaf? Get up now!” Lyra kicked the chair Dustin was sitting in.
“What happens if I don’t?” Dustin looked up at him.
“I’ll call the guards to kick you out!” threatened Lyra.
“Go ahead and try,” Dustin responded with an unbothered expression.
“Fine, you asked for it! Don’t blame me when you get humiliated!” Just as Lyra wanted to raise her hand and call for the guards, Dahlia stopped her.
“Cut it out. Let him be.”
“But…” Lyra frowned.
“Mind your own business,” Dahlia simply replied.
“Hmph, consider yourself lucky.”
Lyra glared at Dustin and left it at that. At this moment, her phone rang. After answering the call, her expression froze and the arrogance on her face was quickly replaced with horror.
“What’s wrong?” Dahlia asked upon sensing something amiss.
“Ms. Nicholson… it’s… it’s bad!” Lyra blurted nervously. “I just received a tip-off that the Harmon family wants to remove the Jackson Group from the candidate list!”
“What?” Dahlia’s face fell at the news. “Are you sure the tip is reliable?”
“It should be. My friend overheard it at work!”
“How could this happen?” Dahlia’s expression was awful. After all, she’d expended great effort in getting the Jackson Group on the candidate list. Not only were large sums of money involved but she even owed countless favors over this.
She thought that since they passed the preliminary screening and got on the list, she could effortlessly secure the position of the Harmon family’s partner as long as she met with the Steel Lady beforehand.
Who knew that they would get removed at the very last minute? It was so sudden that Dahlia couldn’t comprehend what had happened.
“Ms. Nicholson, what do we do now? If we make it on the candidate list, all of our hard work will be in vain!” Lyra lamented unhappily.
“Let me think…” Dahlia’s brows furrowed as she fell deep in thought.
Working as the Harmon family’s partner, they would be able to elevate their social status while making extra profits. Although the Jackson Group had grown quickly over the years, it lacked a solid foundation. Hence, if they could join the Harmon family’s business venture, they would have sure backing. Dahlia was so close to tasting success, yet everything had come to naught.
“Mr. Rhys.” Just then, a manager from the Harmon family walked up to Dustin’s side and handed him a folder. “The Iron Lady wants you to review these documents and make the final decision.”
“Hmm?”
Dustin took the folder and his expression became a little strange. He was looking at documents consisting of Dahlia and the Jackson Group’s information. Natasha was indirectly making him choose to whether kick them out of the candidate list.
“What the hell is she planning?”
Dustin held his chain while thinking, feeling some uncertainty. Needless to say, Natasha was doing this on purpose. She wanted the power in deciding the fate of Dahlia’s company to fall on him.
After thinking it over, Dustin chose not to remove them. Although they were divorced, their relationship wasn’t as bad as to require revenge. Besides, they had been married for three years. One way or another, he genuinely hoped that Dahlia would do well in her life.
“Mr. Rhys, are you sure about your decision?”
The manager couldn’t help asking because he knew that Natasha wasn’t fond of Dahlia.
“Yes.” Dustin nodded.
“Okay. We’ll do as you say.”
After giving him a polite smile, the manager promptly left with the documents. Deep down, however, his impression of Dustin dropped slightly. To him, this was Dustin’s best window of opportunity to gain Ms. Harmon’s favor. Meanwhile, in the front-row seat, the clueless Dahlia and Lyra were still worrying about the matter. Based on their status, they weren’t qualified to change the Harmon family’s decision.
“Ahem…” Chris suddenly cleared his throat to get their attention before saying, “Dahlia, if you’re worrying about the candidate list, I might be able to help.”
“Really?” Lyra lit up at once and asked hurriedly, “Mr. Nolan, how can you help us?”
“To be honest, my father has some connections with Old Mr. Harmon. As long as my father makes the request, I believe the Harmon family will do something about it.”
“Is that so? That’s awesome!” Lyra was filled with excitement as she said, “Mr. Nolan, if you can help us with this, you will be our greatest benefactor!”
“It’s not a big deal. I’ll make the call now.”
Chris laughed heartily, then dialed his father’s phone number to briefly explain the situation.
“Alright, I got it. I’ll talk to Andrew when I have time,” Chris’ father, David, agreed perfunctorily and hung up the call. Thinking that he’d solved the problem, Chris started to claim credit and said, “My father has agreed to help. You guys don’t have to worry. It’ll be over soon.”
“Great! Mr. Nolan, thanks to you, we can rest assured.”
Lyra sighed in relief.
“Thank you, Mr. Nolan,” added Dahlia.
“It’s a small matter. Don’t worry about it.”
Chris pretended to wave his hand generously. Then, he looked toward Dustin with a provocative gaze. Dustin was enjoying his juice, completely ignoring Chris. At this moment, Dahlia received a phone call. Taking out her phone, she realized that it was from the general manager of Harmon Group.
“Hello, is this Ms. Nicholson? I have good news for you. The top management has decided to appoint you as the Harmon family’s partner.”
###Chapter 14 by Marina Vittori
“We were chosen?” Dahlia was shocked. She couldn’t believe his words. The general manager wasn’t talking about her place on the candidate list, but was referring to their appointment as the Harmon family’s partner! They’d even skipped the final assessment. What was happening?
“Did you mean what you said?” Dahlia questioned tentatively.
“Of course. If you don’t believe it, you may come to our office tomorrow to sign the contract. I have other things to attend to, so I’ll hang up now.” After saying a few words, the general manager ended the call.
Dahlia on the other end was feeling both astonished and delighted. Never had she expected things to go so smoothly. A few moments ago, the Jackson Group was just about to get removed from the candidate list but in the blink of an eye, they had become the Harmon family’s partner. Everything was happening too abruptly.
Of course, it must’ve been due to Chris’ help that she was able to make it this far. The Nolan family’s influence was surprisingly impactful. Only a phone call was needed to change the Harmon family’s mind.
“Ms. Nicholson, what happened? Did the Harmon family change their mind?” Lyra asked.
“Yes.” Dahlia nodded and flashed a rare smile. “The general manager of Harmon Group called me just now and said I’m chosen to become their partner!”
Lyra cheered. “Oh my god! I knew you could do it!”
“It’s all thanks to Mr. Nolan. This wouldn’t have happened without his help,” Dahlia said gratefully.
“That’s right! Mr. Nolan is indeed the greatest. He solved our problem with just a few words!” praised Lyra.
“You’re exaggerating. It was my father who did the favor,” Chris replied with a smile. Although his words sounded humble, the smugness on his face was unconcealable. In fact, he was also somewhat surprised by the news. Since when did his father work so efficiently?
“Dustin, did you see that? This is the difference between you and Mr. Nolan.” Lyra turned to look at Dustin and remarked mockingly. “Mr. Nolan can easily secure us the position as the Harmon family’s partner with a word. What can you do?”
“Don’t say that. At least, he’s good at sucking up to people,” Chris added with a chuckle.
“Hmph, what else can he do? He’s an absolute good-for-nothing.” When Dustin didn’t retort, Lyra’s arrogance was boosted and she continued, “It’s a pity that the bitch isn’t here to see how useless the man she chose is.”
“Are you done talking? Move out of the way if you are, don’t block my view,” Dustin uttered indifferently.
“Why? You can’t stand it when we said only a few words? If you have half of Mr. Nolan’s capabilities, would you be afraid of others calling you out? You’re hopeless.” Lyra sneered.
“Oh? Then, tell me, what is Chris capable of?” Dustin’s expression became solemn. He might prefer to be low-key, but he wouldn’t tolerate anyone who insulted him. He wasn’t a saint, after all.
“Mr. Nolan made us the partner of the Harmon family through a simple phone call. If this isn’t capability, I don’t know what is,” Lyra answered while staring down at Dustin condescendingly.
“How are you so sure that it was him? What proof do you have?” Dustin countered.
“Who else if not Mr. Nolan? It’s definitely not you. I mean, look at your terrible attitude!” Lyra snorted coldly.
“Hey, Rhys, what makes you think that the Harmon family would suddenly change their mind if it wasn’t because of me?” Chris asked haughtily.
“That’s right. The truth is right in front of you. Why can’t you just admit it?” Lyra echoed.
“Don’t get too conceited. If I were you, I would go and confirm the truth myself before thanking the wrong person,” Dustin said, expressionless.
“From what I see, you’re just jealous of others because of your incompetence,” scolded Lyra.
“Whatever floats your boat.” Dustin shrugged it off.
“Rhys, you wanted proof, right? Fine, I’ll give it to you!” Chris sneered as he pulled out his phone to call David again, “Hey, Dad.”
“What is it this time?” David sounded annoyed over the phone.
“Nothing. I just wanted to know how did your talk with Old Mr. Harmon go.”
“What talk? I’m still in a middle of a meeting. I don’t have the time to help you with your nonsense. Don’t ever bother me over stuff like this again!”
“What?” Chris was caught off guard when his father hung up the phone angrily. The smile on his face had stiffened. Instantly, his intention to boast about his capability was shattered. If his father didn’t help him, then who did? Could it be a coincidence?
“Mr. Nolan, what did your father say? Let’s hear it,” Dustin said with a fake smile. As he was seated right behind Chris, his keen ears could pick up everything David had said on the phone. He didn’t even need to listen to their conversation to know what was going on. Chris’ stupefied expression was self-explanatory.
“Mr. Nolan, don’t hesitate to tell us. We should let this bastard understand that he could never compete with you!” Lyra prompted.
Meanwhile, Chris’ eye twitched. He pretended to be calm and replied with a dismissive smile, “What’s there to tell you about? My father has confirmed that he made a request to the Harmon family and helped us big time. Otherwise, Dahlia wouldn’t have qualified to be their partner!”
Hearing this, Dustin frowned deeply as he didn’t expect Chris to be so stubborn. How could he lie in front of everyone?
“Did you hear that, Dustin? I told you so, but you didn’t believe it. What do you have to say now?” Lyra barked proudly.
“Would you believe me if I told you that Chris is lying?” Dustin questioned back.
“Dustin, that’s enough!” At this moment, Dahlia couldn’t stand it anymore. “Can you drop with your act for once? I know that you’re jealous of Chris, but you can’t just slander him! Is it so difficult to admit he’s good?” Dahlia stood up and yelled, a hateful look on her face.
Initially, she didn’t wish to argue with Dustin. However, seeing how obstinate he was behaving, she really couldn’t bear to watch any further.
“Jealous? Slander?” Dustin paused, feeling slightly taken aback. “So, that’s the kind of person I am in your eyes?”
“Look at yourself. Am I wrong?” Dahlia retorted. Her question rendered Dustin speechless.
###Chapter 15 by Marina Vittori
Never in Dustin’s wildest dreams would he think that was how Dahlia viewed him. She had no faith in him at all. As it turned out, three years of marriage meant nothing when compared to an outsider.
“You’re right. I’m despicable, while Chris is a hero. I slandered him. Are you happy now?” Dustin said self-mockingly. It was pointless to defend himself when there was no trust to begin with.
“What’s with your attitude? Are you saying I’m accusing you?” Dahlia frowned.
“Not at all. I’m the one to blame for badmouthing a good person,” Dustin replied curtly.
“You’re so stubborn!” His words angered Dahlia. She never knew that Dustin would act like this out of spite and refuse to admit his mistake. Was he finally showing his true colors after their divorce?
“It’s all right, Dahlia. Don’t get too worked up.” At this time, Chris put up a pretentious act of kindness and said, “Dustin must be doing this because he doesn’t like that I’m too close to you. I don’t blame him. Everyone makes mistakes.”
“Do you see how forgiving Chris is? This is the difference between you and him!” Dahlia spat, disgusted.
“I’m not even going to try arguing with you if that’s what you think,” Dustin replied in a clipped tone.
“Hmph, I bet it’s because you feel guilty,” Lyra commented disdainfully. “People like you are detestable. Why do you insist on putting on an act when you don’t have what it takes?”
“I don’t care about what you think of me.” Tired of bickering with them, Dustin stood up and left.
Just then, a man with curly hair appeared at the hall entrance. He had on a pair of sunglasses and was smoking a cigar.
“Damn, what a lively atmosphere!” Edward grinned as he looked around. As soon as his eyes landed on Dahlia, he was momentarily dazed. Then the look in his eyes quickly turned fiery.
“Tsk, tsk. I wasn’t expecting today to be my lucky day. I’ve met another stunning woman!” Edward licked his lips and approached Dahlia right away. He smiled and said, “Hey, beautiful. You look familiar. Have we met before?”
Dahlia threw him a glance and ignored him.
“Our meeting must be fated. Why don’t you come and get a drink with me?” Edward invited.
“I’m not interested,” Dahlia rejected without hesitation.
“Money can buy your interest,” Edward stroked his chin and uttered slyly. “Let me get straight to the point then. If you sleep with me for one night, I’ll pay you any amount you like.”
“Get lost,” Dahlia growled.
“Oh, dear. How feisty. I like it!” Edward laughed gleefully. While speaking, he reached out his hand to touch her.
A loud slap sounded when Dahlia struck his face with her palm. Clear, red fingerprints were imprinted on his cheek within seconds.
“You… you dare to slap me?” Edward touched his burning cheek, his gaze darkening.
“What are you going to do about it? What an uneducated prick,” Dahlia said impassively.
“Bitch! You’re asking for trouble!” Edward’s blood boiled and he lifted his hand to hit Dahlia, but he was suddenly shoved away by Chris.
“Fucker, you dare to act out at this kind of occasion? Are you asking for a beating?” Chris glared at Edward. How dare that bastard flirt with his woman in front of his face?
“You rascal, you’d better stay out of this or face the consequences!” Edward bellowed.
“Ha! Are you threatening me? Bring it on. Show me what you got!” Chris provocatively waved his hand.
“Go to hell!” Without another word, Edward threw a punch at Chris. The latter swiftly dodged his fist and countered his attack, landing a blow on his face. Edward staggered backward with blood tricking down his nose.
“You want to fight? Too bad you picked the wrong person!” Chris scoffed.
“Mr. Nolan, you’re awesome! This thug deserves to be beaten up!” Lyra praised loudly.
“Yeah! Good one!” The guests at the scene followed suit and applauded, which stroke Chris’ ego. At last, his time to shine had arrived. It felt incredible!
“Bastard, do you know who I am? You dare to hit me?” Edward seethed through gritted teeth. If looks could kill, Chris would have been six feet under.
“I couldn’t care less about who you are. Get out of here if you want to live!” Chris barked fiercely.
“You’ve got guts, I’ll give you that. You’d better not have run away when I return!” After that, Edward quickly left the place. Chris sneered.
“What a fool. How dare he act all mighty in front of me?”
“Mr. Nolan, I didn’t know you were so strong. You beat him with just a punch!” Lyra complimented him, her eyes glowing with admiration after witnessing the fight.
“Haha, I can beat ten weaklings like him!” Chris laughed. It seemed like his workout routine had paid off.
“Thankfully, you are here to stop him. Or else, we would’ve been in trouble.”
“Fret not. If you reencounter such situations, give me a call and I’ll protect you.” Chris patted his chest confidently. Naturally, he wouldn’t let an opportunity to show off slip by.
“Ms. Nicholson, this is what a real man looks like!” Lyra said while glancing at Dustin with sarcasm, “Not someone who runs away like a scaredy cat whenever he faces small hurdles. How useless.”
Although Dahlia was quiet, she was filled with even more disappointment. When she was in trouble just now, Dustin had stood idly and watched without any sign of wanting to help. Putting their past relationship aside, any other ordinary person would’ve stepped in to help out even if they were strangers. She might not have noticed this before, but now, Dustin’s uselessness was apparent as day. Compared to Chris, he was far from being on par.
“Quick, seal off the exits!” All of a sudden, a burst of commotion sounded. It was none other than Edward, who’d stormed out earlier. This time, he was back with even more malice.
“What? Do you want to get another beating?” Chris stepped forward like a heroic person. However, his vanity eventually faded away upon seeing the group of burly bodyguards following behind Edward.
###Chapter 16 by Marina Vittori
“What the hell? Why did he bring so many people?” Chris gulped, feeling faint for some reason. Weren’t they supposed to fight one-on-one? Edward had disrespected the rules of a fair fight by involving a gang. Though Chris was cursing in his heart, he had no choice but to face them head-on. No matter what, he couldn’t lose face in front of Dahlia.
“That’s them. Surround them!” With a wave of his hand, the bodyguards led by Edward dashed forward at once, surrounding Chris, Dahlia, and Lyra.
“What are you doing? I’m warning you, don’t you dare touch me. My father is David Nolan, the president of Nolan Pharmaceuticals!” Sensing that he was at a
disadvantage, Chris hurriedly threatened them with his father’s status.
“So what?” one of the bodyguards yelled. “Do you know who you’ve messed with? He is Sir Spanner’s son, the heir of Drey Group!”
His words caused an uproar among the crowd. 2
“Sir Spanner? Is he talking about Trevor Spanner, King of the Underworld from East City?”
“It must be him!”
“Poor guy. I can’t believe he messed with Sir Spanner’s son. Looks like he’s doomed.”
Everyone started whispering to one another, expressing their fear.
“You… you guys work for Sir Spanner?” Chris stammered out of intimidation.
Trevor, also known as Sir Spanner, was East City’s infamous King of the Underworld, second only to the Mighty Three. He was a man of ruthlessness who showed no mercy to those who wronged him. Under his command were hundreds of subordinates specialized in blackmail and other types of crimes. In simpler terms, Trevor would be the most feared villain in a story. Whoever offended him would face consequences
worse than death.
“Fuck, I’ve made a huge blunder this time,” thought Chris in a cold sweat.
“What’s wrong? I thought you were confident. Are you scared now?” Edward closed in on Chris, his eyes filled with viciousness.
“Um, this is a misunderstanding…” Chris forced a smile, sounding extremely submissive.
“Misunderstanding, my ass!” Edward roared in fury, slapping Chris across the face twice, leaving his face marked with red fingerprints. Suppressing his exasperation, Chris bit the bullet and smiled apologetically.
“My father is acquainted with Sir Spanner. Could you let this slide for once? I’ll make it
up to you.”
“Who the fuck do you think you are? You’re not in the position to ask me for that.” Edward forcefully poked Chris on the forehead with his index finger. With each poke, Chris was forced a step back. At this very moment, Chris had his tail between his legs, not daring to make a sound.
Lyra couldn’t take it anymore and shouted, “Hey, you bunch of thugs! Do you think it’s cool to bully others?”
“Why? Are you angry?” Pushing Chris aside, Edward headed in Dahlia and Lyra’s
direction with an evil smirk.
“This is the Harmon family’s territory. Don’t you dare cross the line!” Lyra warned
sternly. 2
“You think I’m afraid of the Harmon family?” Edward scoffed and said, “Besides, you guys were the ones who started the fight. I’m only acting out of self-defense. What is the Harmon family going to do about it?” 2
“What… what bullshit are you spouting?” Lyra started to become frantic.
“Hmph, looks like you’ve not understood the situation. Let my men knock some sense into you if that’s the case!” Edward gestured for his bodyguards to make a move, and two of them stood forward menacingly.
1
“Stop right there!” Dahlia suddenly interrupted with a cold voice. “This has nothing to do with her. Let her go.”
“Does that mean you will take the responsibility?” Edward let out a cruel chuckle. Sure. I’ll let her off the hook, but in return, you have to sleep with me tonight. If you manage to satisfy me, I’ll pretend that none of this happened.”
“You’re shameless!” Dahlia raised her hand to slap him, but Edward caught her wrist just in time.
“Bitch, how dare you hit me again? Boys, tie her up!”
“Yes, sir!” Several bodyguards complied and immediately seized Dahlia.
“Let go of her, you thugs!” Just as Lyra was about to rescue Dahlia, Edward ruthlessly
Chagh
kicked her to the ground.
“Mr. Nolan… Please save her!” Lyra cried out in pain, unable to get to her feed. Helplessly, she could only beg Chris.
“Edward, let’s talk this out. Why involve the women?” Chris tried to persuade Edward. For Dahlia’s sake, he had to resort to pleading for mercy.
“Fuck you. I’m not done with you yet, and you’re trying to save someone else?” Edward
cussed.
“No, no! That’s not what I meant. There’s no need to get violent. We can settle this peacefully,” Chris explained politely.
“Shut your trap!” Edward’s heavy slap sent Chris stumbling to the ground. “Say one more word and I will kill you.” a
Chris shrank back and kept silent. Although he cared about Dahlia, he had to save his skin first. After all, it was unreasonable to offend Sir Spanner over a woman.
“Hmph. Turns out you’re just a coward!” Edward jeered, “I don’t understand why these women would stick with you.”
Chris felt insulted, but he couldn’t do anything about it.
“You two, stop struggling already. Take them away. I’m going to have a blast tonight.” Then, Edward ordered his men to tie Dahlia and Lyra up and bring them away.
“Mr. Nolan! Please, help us!” Lyra screamed at the top of her lungs. However, Chris didn’t react as he kept his head bowed. His cowardness made the people around shake their heads. Obviously, Chris was too timid to do anything. Just when everyone thought that Dahlia would inevitably be violated, a figure suddenly appeared in front of Edward and blocked his path.
“You’re not allowed to touch her.”
“What the fuck? Are you trying to be the hero too?” Edward sneered.
“I advise you to let her go before things get out of hand,” Dustin stated coldly.
Edward chuckled with indifference.
“What if I refuse?”
“Then, go to hell!”
###Chapter 17 by Marina Vittori
“Then go to die!” Dustin stated expressionlessly, but his hard gaze was unnerving.
“Go to thell?” Edward burst out laughing. Even the group of bodyguards standing behind him burst into laughter; all of them looked at Dustin as though he were an idiot.
“You little punk! Don’t you know who I am? You’ve got some nerve speaking to me that way,” Edward said cockily.
“I don’t know who you are, and I couldn’t care less. You have three seconds to let her go, or else,” Dustin stated plainly. His words instantly caused a stir; even the people who were holding Dahlia were shocked.
None of them expected that Dustin would say such a thing; he was remarkably brave compared to the silent Chris.However, such bravery was useless.
“You really don’t know what’s good for you. You’re going to die!” Chris‘ face was full of resentment because Dustin’s show of bravado only made his cowardice even more apparent.
Naturally, Chris was irritated and even filled with resentment when a good–for- nothing like Dustin was braver than he was.
“Are you fucking insane?” Edward looked Dustin up and down before continuing, “So you want to play hero, huh? Fine! I’ll see just what you’ve got!”
With that, he raised his hand and gave another signal.
Two burly bodyguards swiftly charged forward at the same time to tackle Dustin. Both of them were 6.3 feet tall, extremely muscular, and the size of a bear. They each had an imposing presence.
Dustin looked like a mere child in comparison, so everyone present assumed that this confrontation would be over without suspense.
They were wrong. As they drew nearer to him, Dustin delivered two swift punches that connected loudly with each of the men’s faces.
And just like that, the two huge men collapsed to the floor as though they had been struck by lightning and were motionless.
“Huh?” Everyone was visibly shocked by what they had just seen. No one understood what had happened as, in the blink of an eye, both of the bodyguards were on the floor.
Meanwhile, Dustin was standing there unscathed. “Fuck! What did that punk just do?” Edward’s expression sank.
The two men who had just fallen were his most capable bodyguards; they could take on a group of people on their own without any problem. Hence, it was strange that they were both laying unmoving on the floor after just one face–off.
“This is your last chance. Let her go,” Dustin threaten coldly. “In your dreams! Get him!” Edward retorted angrily and waved his hand to signal his men.
The remaining bodyguards behind him immediately surrounded Dustin, but he merely scoffed and attacked first, not wasting any more time on words.
His movements were as fast as lightning, and his attacks were extremely fierce. Each of his punches connected loudly with its target.
The burly bodyguards were utterly defenseless, like sheep waiting to be slaughtered, in the face of Dustin, who was like a ferocious tiger.
Muffled grunts could be heard, and in the short span of a few breaths, they were all lying on the floor.
The hall was completely silent as the last bodyguard dropped to the floor with an audible thud.
All the guests had their jaws slack and were staring at Dustin with wide eyes as though he were an anomaly. None of them would’ve ever guessed that he was so fearsome.
He had effortlessly taken down so many men with his own strength, just like in a movie scene. “How is this guy so strong?” Chris‘ eyes were wide open in disbelief.
“How can it be? Is this really that piece of trash, Dustin Rhys?” a dumbfounded Lyra wondered out loud, feeling unsettled.
“He… knows how to fight?” Dahlia had an indecipherable expression on her face once she came back to her senses.
They had been married for three years but she never knew that Dustin was such a formidable fighter. “Was he just really good at hiding it? Or was it because I never cared enough to notice?”
she wondered.
“Y–you! Who are you!” Edward started panicking at this point and he involuntarily took two steps back.
“I… am your reckoning,” Dustin stated as he slowly advanced toward Edward.
“Stay back!” Edward shouted as he suddenly pulled out a switchblade and held it against Dahlia’s throat. “Come any closer, and I’ll slit her throat!”
“The thing I hate most is being threatened.” Dustin’s expression turned cold and in a flash, he charged forward and grabbed hold of Edward’s hand that was holding the knife.
Then, with a forceful twist, the switchblade fell to the floor with a loud clattering sound. Edward was stunned for a moment before he let out a piercing shriek, similar to that of a pig being slaughtered.
“Argh-”
“Shut up.” Dustin cut Edward off with a slap to his face just as his shriek barely left his mouth.
Edward’s expression instantly soured, as though he had just tasted shit.
“You… you’re dead meat! All of you are dead meat!” Edward somehow mustered up the courage to throw out a threat.
“Is that so?” Dustin questioned stoically as he kicked Edward over with one foot.
Seeing this, Dahlia immediately stood in front of Dustin to block him. “Stop! You can’t harm him, the consequences will be too severe!”
“I don’t care,” Dustin stated indifferently.
“But I do!” Dahlia’s expression was grave. “Do you even know that we will all suffer the consequences with you if you beat him up?”
Dustin frowned upon hearing her words. He thought she was concerned for his well–being, but it turns out she was only concerned for herself.
“Stop while you’re ahead, Dustin. Don’t drag us down with you!” Lyra called out.
“That’s right! I see you’ve grown tired of living to dare lay a hand on Mr. Spanner!” Chris called out before hurriedly helping Edward to his feet and explaining, “We have nothing to do with Dustin Rhys hitting you just now, Mr. Spanner.”
His words weren’t just to shift the blame onto Dustin; they were also a direct accusation.
Dustin narrowed his eyes, feeling as though a weight had been placed on his chest. The only reason he had taken action earlier was to save Dahlia, but he was now being painted as a violent villain in the end.
It was hard for him not to feel displeased about this.
“You little punk! You’re good at fighting? So what!” Edward, having mistaken Dustin’s silence for terror, instantly rediscovered his confidence. “Let me tell you, power and status are what matter in society. You better believe I’ll make you meet a tragic end if you dare lay another hand on me!”
Dustin didn’t say anything in return, but his furious expression could be seen in his eyes.
“What’s the matter? Scared?” Edward grinned. “Since you’ve got no guts, get on your knees and bow down to me! I might just let you off if you put me in a good mood.”
###Chapter 18 by Marina Vittori
“Why are you just standing there? Hurry up and beg Mr. Spanner for forgiveness!” Chris chimed in, taking advantage of the situation to add to Dustin’s humiliation. Chris was green with jealousy when Dustin was showing off earlier, so he was now trying to get some payback.
“Will he kneel? Or will he not? If he does, he will forever be too ashamed to show his face. But if he doesn’t, he might be dead or maimed once Edward retaliates,” Chris thought.
“Hey punk, don’t say I didn’t give you a chance to make amends! I’ll spare you if you grovel at my feet today. If not, don’t blame me for being merciless.” Edward jabbed Dustin’s chest with his finger with a smug expression on his face.
“What does it matter if he knows how to fight when he has no power and no status? In the eyes of the public, he’s nothing more than a foot soldier,” he continued mentally. “Are you aware that you’re playing with fire?” Dustin asked as he looked at Edward’s finger.
“Playing with fire?” Edward smirked. “Not only do I want to play with fire, but I also want to play with your woman! Believe it or not, I’m going to have my way with her tomorrow while you watch. And not only me, but my men will each get a turn as well, and I want you to watch it all helplessly. I want you to understand what it’s like to despair, to believe that living is worse than death!”
Dustin’s expression instantly turned thunderous at Edward’s words, and he could no longer hold back his rage. “You asked for this!” he shouted as his hand shot forward to forcefully grab Edward by the throat and lift him above his head.
He then raised his other hand and ruthlessly landed two punches on Edward’s abdomen. Edward made a gagging sound as he felt his stomach churn, making him want to vomit, but he found that he couldn’t as his throat was being constricted.
His face soon turned red as he felt himself suffocating. Suddenly, he had a sense that he had made a grave mistake. “Stop it!” Dahlia yelled, moving forward to intervene.
Dustin ignored her and dealt another vicious punch, this time to Edward’s crotch. The gruesome sound of flesh being minced could be heard before blood flowed to the floor.
Edward let out a groan as his body spasmed. He was in such excruciating pain that he couldn’t cry out even though he wanted to, and in the end, his head lulled to one side as he fainted.
Everyone was stunned as they stared at the bloodstained area. Not even in their wildest dreams would they ever imagine that Dustin could be so cruel as to discontinue Edward’s family line with a single punch.
After all, he was Sir Spanner’s son! Sir Spanner was the kind of man who would come after you for touching even a strand of hair on his son’s head, much less injuring him. Safe to say, from today onward, Dustin had incurred Sir Spanner’s vengeful wrath.
“Have you lost your mind!” Dahlia’s expression changed drastically as she forcefully shoved Dustin. “Do you even know what you’ve done? You’ve just gotten yourself into deep shit this time!”
An apology or money could be used to rectify the situation if it was only a light injury or bruise, but there’s no way Trevor will let things slide so easily now that Edward has been beaten to such a state.
“All I did was take care of one of society’s scum, is that so wrong?” Dustin shot back, perfectly composed. “That’s not the point, the point is you shouldn’t have harmed him!” Dahlia rebuked, frowning.
“Hey Dustin, you shouldn’t drag us all down with you if you’re so eager to die! Do you know what the consequences of harming Sir Spanner’s son are?” Chris‘ face was flushed with rage.
Although Dustin was the one who had harmed Edward, Chris had also shoved Edward previously; hence, he’s also worried that he wouldn’t be able to get away with it when Sir Spanner investigates and finds out about it.
“Alright, that’s enough! Since it’s come to this, you should hurry up and run. Get as far from here as you can while there’s still time!” Dahlia reacted quickly.
away
She knew that once news of Edward’s maiming got out, Sir Spanner would surely be furious. And when that time came, Dustin would be at a dead end once he mobilizes all of his forces.
“I don’t think I need to,” Dustin stated, his demeanor still indifferent.
“Stop acting tough! Sir Spanner is more powerful than you think, your martial arts. skills won’t be enough to save you!” Dahlia chastized.
Even if he knew how to fight, he couldn’t stop bullets!
“He’s not the type of person to listen to reason, Ms. Nicholson, stop wasting your breath. Furthermore, we should not interfere in matters unrelated to us in order to avoid bringing trouble upon ourselves.” Lyra quickly interjected.
“That’s right, this guy can’t run!” Chris said, suddenly blocking the exit as though something had occurred to him. “What are we going to do if he runs away? What if Sir Spanner exacts his revenge on us instead? Won’t we just become the fall guys!”
“Mr. Nolan has a point!” Lyra chimed in, coming to the same realization. “If Dustin runs away, we’re going to be the ones who suffer!”
“What are you talking about? Dustin just saved us!” Dahlia’s brows furrowed. “Nobody asked him to, he’s the one who poked his nose into our business!” Lyra scoffed.
“Exactly! And seeing as he has brought this upon himself, he should be the one to face it!” Chris chimed in self–righteously. “Both of you-”
Dahlia’s pretty face turned cold as she started to speak when Dustin interrupted her. “You all can be at ease. I will take responsibility for my actions; I won’t implicate any of you.”
“This is a matter of life and death! Could you please drop the macho act!” Dahlia raised her voice, slightly annoyed.
“You don’t need to worry about what happens to me, Ms. Nicholson. This has absolutely nothing to do with you, so just sit back and watch,” Dustin declared loudly,
“What do you mean by that? Do you think I’m worried about being implicated?” Dahlia asked, frowning.
“Is that not the case?” Dustin looked directly at Lyra and Chris as he said this.
Dahlia was at a loss for words after his subtle hint. Although the thought never crossed her mind, the same couldn’t be said for her secretary, who had already drawn a line early on. 
In Dustin’s eyes, he thought her secretary’s words were the same as hers. “I don’t care what you think; you have to leave today!” Dahlia’s tone suddenly became forceful.
“And I don’t care what you say, I’m not leaving.”
With that, Dustin turned and walked out to the flower garden.
“You!” Dahlia was fuming.
“Why is he so rebellious?” she wondered.
###Chapter 19 by Marina Vittori
The hall was in an uproar because of Dustin’s actions. The timid guests had long left, in fear of becoming caught in the crossfire.
As for the unconscious and critically injured Edward, his bodyguards had immediately taken him to the hospital. “This is troublesome.” Dahlia had a concerned look on her face as she scowled.
Sir Spanner was infamous for being cruel and ruthless, and he surely wouldn’t be inclined to just let things go when his son had been beaten into such a state.
Dustin may not have much longer to live. “Lyra, I want you to find out if there’s any way this can be resolved peacefully,” Dahlia suddenly said.
Lyra was puzzled. “What do Dustin’s actions have to do with us, Ms. Nicholson? Why do we need to expend effort for his sake?” a Dahlia had a frosty expression as she retorted, “He saved my life earlier. Should I just watch him die?”
“That’s not what I meant, I just think it would be very unwise to cross Sir Spanner at this point. Moreover, no one would willingly get involved in this mess,” Lyra explained. “It doesn’t matter, we have to try.” Dahlia had a resolute look in her eyes.
“… Very well then,” Lyra responded, having no choice but to comply. She then immediately started making calls to all their connections.
However, all the big bosses immediately hung up from fright once they had gotten a grasp of the situation, and none of them dared step in since Sir Spanner was involved.
“You see, Ms. Nicholson? It’s not because we don’t want to help, but because we can’t,” Lyra said, waving her hands.
“Try again,” Dahlia ordered, frowning. “There’s no point-” Lyra shook her head as she began to speak when she noticed Chris off to the side. “Hey, maybe Mr. Nolan will be able to help us.”
“Me?” Chris asked, surprised, as he pointed to himself. “Yes! Didn’t you say before that your father was friends with Sir Spanner? Your father might be able to mitigate the situation, right?” Lyra asked expectantly.
“Err…” Chris was taken aback. His father did indeed know Sir Spanner, but their relationship was strictly all business. There might be a chance of mitigation if it were just a small matter, but Edward had been severely harmed, so how could Sir Spanner possibly be persuaded to refrain from retaliating?
“I’ll owe you big time if you’re able to help with this, Mr. Nolan!” Dahlia exclaimed earnestly. Looking at her expectant expression, Chris couldn’t help having a dilemma. This was his best chance of wooing her, so naturally, he wasn’t willing to let it pass him by.
“I can give it a try, but I can’t guarantee anything. After all, it is Sir Spanner.” Chris eventually agreed after briefly mulling it over.
Dahlia visibly relaxed. “I understand. I’ll already be so grateful as long as Dustin doesn’t lose his life!”
“Alright, I’ll try my best,” Chris said casually, nodding. It would be great if it worked out, but there weren’t any cons if it didn’t. After all, Dahlia already owed him a favor by asking for his help.
Meanwhile, at a lounge in Mirage. Natasha’s lips curled into a meaningful smile as she watched the events unfold on a monitor.
She had a clear view of Edward being beaten and almost gave in to the urge to clap her hands and cheer.
She had always found some members of the Spanner family to be as annoying as flies, but she hadn’t been able to take any action toward them due to certain reasons.
Thankfully, Dustin did not disappoint. She was quite delighted with his performance today.
“Ms. Harmon, I’m afraid Mr. Rhys does not have enough influence to protect him from Trevor’s wrath. Should we assist him?” Alfred Jarvis, a butler who was standing by her side, suddenly asked.
“Let’s not be hasty. Have someone monitor him–it’s too soon to say if Trevor outmatches him.” Natasha’s eyes narrowed as she looked at Dustin’s imposing figure on the screen.
“Oh? Do you think so highly of him?” Alfred asked, slightly bewildered. Natasha smirked. “More like intrigue–I have a feeling that he’s full of surprises.”
“You don’t actually have feelings for him, do you, Ms. Harmon? Please keep in mind that you already have a fiancé-”
“Hm?” Natasha cast a chilly glance in Alfred’s direction, and he instantly went silent from fear.
“Remember this: You are in no position to say anything about my personal affairs; just focus on performing your own duties well.”
“Yes, Ms. Harmon.” Alfred didn’t dare say anything further as he felt a chill run down his spine.
Midnight at the district hospital. In an instant, Edward was surrounded by a crowd of people as the emergency operating room’s doors opened, and he was wheeled out on a hospital bed with his lower half completely bandaged. At the forefront of the group was a tall and brawny man with a full beard and mustache.
It was none other than East City’s King of the Underworld, Trevor Spanner.
“Doctor! How’s my son!” Trevor asked first. The doctor sighed. “His life is not in peril, however, the damage to his genitals is quite extensive. I’m afraid he won’t be able to regain full function.”
“What!” Trevor’s expression changed drastically upon hearing this. Won’t be able to regain full function? Didn’t that just mean he’d become impotent!
“Don’t you all know how to do your jobs? You can’t even treat such a light injury?” Trevor yelled, grabbing the doctor by the collar of his shirt.
“We’ve tried everything we could, sir, but I’m afraid the injury is just too severe. Preserving his life was no easy task either,” the doctor replied with a tinge of exasperation.
The doctor had never encountered something so tragic–the patient’s genitals had been reduced to a pile of mush. If he hadn’t arrived at the hospital in time, he might have even lost his life.
“You’re useless! Get out of my sight!” Trevor, whose expression was frighteningly thunderous, bellowed as he shoved the doctor aside. If the best doctors at the district hospital couldn’t do anything, then his son really was invalid.
“Talk! What the hell happened!” Trevor abruptly turned and demanded angrily from the bodyguards who stood behind him. “Edward was fine, why has he been beaten to a pulp!”
“Sir Spanner, he…” One of the bodyguards mustered up the courage to summarize what had happened.
Trevor’s temper immediately flared once he finished listening, and he raised his hand and brutally slapped the bodyguard across the face.
“Useless pieces of shit! What’s the point in hiring all of you if you can’t even defeat one man!” Trevor roared out. However, his rage didn’t subside at all, so he slapped each of them multiple times.
The bodyguards lowered their heads, not daring to speak.
“Why are you still standing there? Go gather more men and bring that punk to me! I don’t care who he is. I’m going to cut him into pieces for daring to harm my son!”
Trevor’s forces began mobilizing with his one order. It would appear that a turbulent storm was rapidly brewing…
###Chapter 20 by Marina Vittori
The next morning, in the most luxurious private room at Mirage. “Mr. Rhys, thank you for protecting me. Here is the canscora you wanted. Please take a look.”
Natasha put an exquisite wooden box on the table before pushing it forward. “Huh?”
Dustin opened the box and saw a blood–red canscora in it. The herb was crooked, like a dragon’s tooth. It had an interesting appearance. He gently sniffed it, and its unique stench filled his nose. “It is really a canscora! Thank you, Ms. Harmon!”
Dustin’s face lit up. He had been searching for various rare herbs all these years. Finally, he found another one. There were still five herbs left. If he could collect the remaining five herbs, there would be hope!
“You’re welcome. You deserve it. Come to think of it, I should be the one thanking you.” Natasha smiled. “Ms. Harmon, I have a favor to ask. Can you contact me immediately next time if you find such rare herbs? I am willing to pay heavily for them!” Dustin looked serious.
“Of course I can do that. But I’m curious about the reason you’re collecting these herbs.” Natasha asked hesitantly. “To save someone.”
Dustin hesitated before saying, “I have a friend who is seriously injured. I need these rare herbs to save him.”
“Oh, what disease did he get? Even you can’t cure him?” Natasha appeared surprised. She had witnessed Dustin’s medical skills before. It was not an overstatement to say that he could even bring the dead back to life.
“Medical skills alone are not enough. I need various herbs to heal him.” Dustin shook his head. One could not make bricks without straw. No matter how good his medical skills were, he could not cure many diseases without the proper herbs. “I see.”
Natasha nodded as realization dawned upon her. “Alright. I’ll keep an eye out for you. I’ll contact you immediately if there’s any news.”
“Thank you in advance, Ms. Harmon.” Dustin gave a slight nod. “No problem. Let’s keep in touch.” Natasha gave a wink. “Sure. We’ll keep in touch.”
Dustin did not stay for long. After making some small talk, he excused himself and left. 20 minutes later, in front of Peaceful Medical Center.
Holding two bottles of alcohol, Dustin strolled into the medical center. “Hey, drunkard, look what I’ve brought you!” He exclaimed while scanning the area.
He followed the sound of a man snoring, and soon he saw a drunk man with a flushed face under a table in the medical center. The man was one–eyed and had a broken leg. He looked like a shaggy beggar.
“Hey, wake up!”
Dustin pushed him. The man ignored him, turned around, and continued sleeping. His snore became louder. “You seem to be sleeping rather soundly.”
Smirking, Dustin opened a bottle of alcohol. The fragrance of the alcohol spread across the room. The next second, the sleeping man was jolted out of his sleep. He bumped his head on the table with a bang and broke the table in half!
Ignoring the glass shards on the floor, he instantly snatched the bottle in Dustin’s hand and poured it into his mouth.
“This is some good stuff!” The one–eyed man exhaled a sigh of relief, feeling refreshed. “This alcohol cost me a lot of money. You’d better save some for later.” Dustin reminded him.
“Come on.” The man rolled his eyes. “You’re a wealthy guy. Two bottles of alcohol are nothing to you.”
“Even so, you can’t waste them!” “Cut the nonsense! Why are you here?” The one–eyed man glared at him. “I’ve found another rare herb.”
Dustin handed him the box with the canscora.
“Huh?” The man opened the box and immediately frowned. “Bastard, I told you not to search for herbs for me anymore. I’m going to die anyway. Dying now and dying later doesn’t make a difference.”
“That’s your problem, but I’m going to continue searching for herbs. It has nothing to do with you.” Dustin shrugged. “Hey! Why are you so stubborn?”
The one–yed man began to panic. “Do you know that the Rhys family controls all the main herbs needed for the production of life–sustaining medications? They will eventually find out if you keep searching for herbs!”
“So what? I’m not the same person I was ten years ago,” Dustin answered. “Kid, I know you’ve progressed and are better than them, but the Rhys family is unbeatable. Nobody can fight against them. I don’t want you to get involved again!” the man said somberly.
“Life is guided by destiny. I’ve been hiding for ten years, and I don’t want to hide anymore. I want to live the rest of my life confidently!” Dustin was determined.
“You will face many hardships if you choose this path. Your mother wanted you to live peacefully like a normal person.”
“My mother has passed away and she will never come back. You are the only relative I have left in this world. How can I watch you die just like that?” Dustin shouted.
“My life is worthless. It doesn’t matter!”
“Then I’ll die with you!” “Gosh! Why are you so stubborn? Even if you don’t think of yourself, you should consider your pretty wife. Do you want her to become a widow?” The one–eyed man used his trump card.
He had already noticed Dustin’s ambition three years ago, so he had even chosen a pretty lady to marry Dustin so that Dustin would settle down. He would use this method every time they got into an argument, and it always worked!
“It’s no use. We’re divorced.” Dustin shook his head. “What? Divorced?” The one–eyed man was stunned.
No way. He couldn’t use Dustin’s wife as an excuse anymore.
Without any ties, Dustin would go all–in soon!
“I’ve already made up my mind. No matter if you agree or not, I will do it. You know my character,” Dustin said firmly.
“Whatever. If that’s what you want, go ahead.” The one–yed man waved his hand. ” The worst that could happen would be me losing another leg and becoming completely blind.”
“You won’t become blind. I’ll make sure you stay alive.” Dustin gently clenched his fist as determination filled his eyes. Ten years ago, the one–eyed man had protected him. Now, it was Dustin’s time to protect him.
###Chapter 21 by Marina Vittori
At noon, in the president’s office of the Quine Group. Dahlia was distracted while reading her documents. Her mind was completely occupied by Dustin.
She was worried that Trevor would track down Dustin. If that happened, Dustin would be doomed. “Lyra!” Finally, Dahlia couldn’t hold herself back after imagining all the possible scenarios.
“Ms. Nicholson, how can I help you?” Lyra came in after knocking. “Help me prepare some gifts. I’m going to the Drey Group,” Dahlia said.
“The Drey Group? Isn’t that Sir Spanner’s place?” Lyra was shocked. “That’s right. I want to talk to him.” Dahlia nodded.
“Why do you want to talk to him? Is it about Dustin?” Lyra panicked. “Ms. Nicholson, please calm down! Sir Spanner is still angry. Why would you visit him and poke the hornet’s nest?”
“No matter what, I have to try!” Dahlia was adamant. “Wait! We still have Mr. Nolan! He said he would help. Why don’t we wait some more?”
Lyra advised Dahlia. “We’ve waited for one whole night, and there’s still no news from him. I don’t think he’ll be able to help us. I have to do this myself.” Dahlia shook her head.
“Ms. Nicholson, don’t we have any better way? Why don’t we think about it again?” Lyra was worried.
“Dustin got into trouble because of me. I can’t sit still and do nothing. Go do as I say.”
Dahlia waved her hand. Seeing the determination in Dahlia’s eyes, Lyra couldn’t help sighing. Left with no choice, she had to obey Dahlia’s order. She knew that Dahlia wouldn’t change her mind once she made up her mind.
30 minutes later, they arrived at Drey Group. “Lyra, you can wait in the car. You don’t have to go in with me.” Dahlia ordered.
“No way. We must help each other out through thick and thin. How can I let you take all the risk by yourself?” Lyra was a loyal person.
“This is dangerous. Just in case, I need you to wait outside. Call the police if I don’t come out in half an hour, got it?” Dahlia looked serious.
“Alright! I will make sure to complete my task!” Lyra nodded vigorously. She knew that she had a great responsibility. It was entirely up to her whether Dahlia could return safely.
“I’ll go in then.” Without saying much, Dahlia opened the door and entered the building. with
Unlike ordinary companies, the people in the Drey Group were all buff guys tattoos. One could tell that they weren’t kind people. After Dahlia reported her identity, a bald guy led her to an office on the top floor.
In the office, the bearded Trevor sat calmly on a sofa with a cigar in his mouth. “Are you Ms. Nicholson from the Quine Group?”
Seeing Dahlia enter his office, Trevor narrowed his eyes. “As expected, you’re gorgeous. No wonder my useless son would get into a fight with other people for you.”
“Sir Spanner, may I ask how your son is doing?” “He’s fine. He won’t die, but he’s crippled,” Trevor said faintly. “Crippled?” The look in Dahlia’s eyes wavered.
Although Trevor sounded calm, he couldn’t hide the anger in his eyes. “So, what do you plan to do about this?” Trevor crossed his legs on the table and sat comfortably.
“Sir Spanner, I’m the one who caused everything and am willing to take full responsibility for this. I hope you can be generous and let Dustin go,” Dahlia said solemnly.
“You want to take responsibility? Are you sure you can do that?” Trevor grinned evilly.
“I will hire the best doctors to treat your son. Also, I will bear the corresponding compensation. Just tell me how much you need,” Dahlia continued.
“I don’t need money.”
Suddenly, Trevor put a bottle of alcohol on the table. “If you really want to negotiate with me, finish this bottle of alcohol first.”
“I…”
Dahlia was put in a difficult position. She wasn’t good at drinking. She didn’t know if she could handle it after drinking the whole bottle.
“What’s wrong? You don’t want to drink it? In that case, no deal.” Trevor waved his hand.
“I’ll drink it!”
Dahlia hesitated for a few seconds. Eventually, she picked up the bottle. A bottle of alcohol was nothing compared to Dustin’s life. Hence, she took a deep breath, put the bottle in front of her mouth, and started gulping down the alcohol.
After finishing one–third of the alcohol, she began to cough violently, and her face turned red. Gritting her teeth, she ignored the discomfort and continued drinking. She began to feel dizzy when she finished two–thirds of the bottle.
Panting slightly, she finished the whole bottle.
“Sir Spanner, are you satisfied now?” Staggering, Dahlia grabbed the table.
“Haha, interesting.” Trevor smiled teasingly. “Since you seem sincere, I’ll give you another chance. Take off our clothes now.”
“What?” Dahlia frowned. “Sir Spanner, what do you mean?”
“Don’t you understand? I want you to take off your clothes and serve me. I will consider letting you go if you manage to satisfy me. To be completely honest, even though I’ve slept with many women, I’ve never done so with a woman as stunning as you.” Trevor smirked.
Dahlia’s face darkened as soon as she heard that. His son, Edward, was a greedy pervert. She never expected his father to be the same. Indeed, an apple didn’t fall far from the tree!
“Sir Spanner, I can promise you anything else except for this!” Dahlia begged desperately.
“Except for this? Haha…” Trevor threatened evilly, “You should know how powerful I am. You should be honored that I’m willing to talk to you. If I don’t want to talk to you, there will be no use, even if you strip yourself naked and kneel before me. You better think twice! I’ll go take a shower, you better have all your clothes removed when I come back. Otherwise, I’m going to do it myself! By then, I won’t be alone, all my brothers outside will join me!”
Dahlia’s face turned pale when she heard that. She suddenly realized that she had thrown herself into the lion’s den.
###Chapter 22 by Marina Vittori
At Peaceful Medical Centre, Dustin and the one–eyed man were drinking when hist phone rang suddenly.
“Hey, Dustin! Ms. Nicholson is in danger. Hurry up! We need your help!” Lyra shouted.
as soon as the call connected.
“Danger? What’s going on?” Dustin frowned.
“It’s all because of you! Ms. Nicholson was worried about your safety, so she personally approached Sir Spanner to talk to him. She hasn’t come out since then. I think she is in danger!” Lyra sounded urgent.
“What the hell was she thinking? I told her it was none of her business. Why is she looking for trouble?” Dustin’s face darkened.
“Dustin Rhys! Don’t you have any conscience at all? Ms. Nicholson is trying to save you!” Lyra shouted angrily.
“Where is she?”
“The Drey Group!”
“I’ll be there straight away!“Without saying anything more, Dustin hung up and
rushed straight there.
At the same time, in the Drey Group’s offices.
Dahlia slumped on the couch, feeling lightheaded. Her face was dripping with sweat. She could feel the aftereffects of the alcohol hitting her. Her hands and legs went weak, and she was losing her balance.
Most importantly, her bag and mobile phone were confiscated right when she entered the office. She couldn’t even call anyone for help.
What should she do?
As she was thinking of a plan, the office door opened, and Trevor strode in wearing a
robe.
“Why are you still dressed? Do you want me to take action?” Trevor sized her up. In his eyes, Dahlia was just too alluring. She exuded a unique sort of charm.
He was eager to taste her.
“Sir Spanner, you’d better not do anything stupid. I’ve already got everything prepared. My subordinate will call the police if I don’t go out in half an hour. The police are about
to arrive!” Dahlia warned.
“What? Are you trying to scare me?” Trevor laughed dryly, “How do you think!
managed to put myself in this position? I’ll be honest with you. Many of the people in the police station are my men. Do you think they will dare to touch me?”
“What?”
Hearing what he said, Dahlia turned pale. She thought she would be safe since she had a backup plan. Never did she expect Trevor to have no fear at all,
“Come on. Stop struggling. Nobody can save you today. Obey my orders if you don’t want to die!” Trevor began to step closer to Dahlia.
“Don’t come near me!”
Suddenly, Dahlia grabbed a pair of scissors from the table, wanting to defend herself
for the last time.
“Damn it. You ungrateful thing!” Trevor was furious. He struck Dahlia with his fist, and she fell to the ground unconscious. Then he trapped her under his huge body. Forcefully, he tore Dahlia’s clothes open, revealing her fair thighs and slim waist.
Just as he was about to reach out and explore her body, a loud bang rang out, and the door was kicked open. A handsome guy came in with a murderous expression on his face, his bloodthirsty eyes made him look like he was about to devour a person alive.
“Who are you? How dare you interrupt my business?” Trevor stood up, looking frustrated.
Dustin did not say anything. He only took off his jacket and covered Dahlia with it.
Half–conscious, Dahlia thought she was surrounded by a familiar scent for one second. A sense of security washed over her.
“Sir Spanner, huh? I’m the one who injured your son. Well, do you have any last words?” Dustin lifted his head and stared at Trevor as though he were a dead man.
“So it was you!” Trevor let out an evil laugh. “You could’ve lived peacefully, yet you chose to walk right through the gateway to hell! How dare you break into my territory alone? You must have a death wish!”
With that, he stretched out his hand and pressed a button under the table.
An ear–deafening alarm rang out, Instantly, a commotion broke out, 
A bunch of men filled the hallways and gathered in front of the office. Soon, the hallway outside the office was crowded with people, Looking ahead, it was dark out there. There were at least hundreds of people!
Additionally, the number of people was still increasing
“Kid, I heard that you’re good at fighting,” Laughing, Trevor uttered, “So what if you can fight ten or 20 people? I have more than 200 men here. Let’s see how you’re going to fight them today,”
So what if Dustin was a skilled fighter? He could never beat so many people.
“It seems like you’re prepared,” Glancing at the people, Dustin remained calm. “But nobody can stop me from killing you,”
“You’re surely a bold one! Let’s see what you’ve got! Attack!”
Hearing Trevor’s order, all the men started rushing toward Dustin.
“Stop!”
Suddenly, a roar echoed across the room, followed by a few gunshots.
Everybody was shocked upon hearing the gunshots, and they automatically spread out.
An elderly man with white hair strode over, dressed in a suit. Behind him were a few fierce–looking shooters.
“Mr. Anderson, why are you here?”
Seeing Hunter, Trevor immediately smiled and went up to greet him.
Everyone knew that Hunter was the president of the Swinton Group. He was one of the Mighty Three! He could make the whole Swinton shake with a stomp.
“Get lost!”
Ignoring Trevor, Hunter directly walked up to Dustin. Anxious, he asked, “Mr. Rhys, are you okay?”
“I’m fine, Why are you here?” Dustin was slightly shocked.
“I heard you’re in danger, so I immediately rushed here. Thank God I’m in time!” Hunter wiped his sweat, looking worried. If anything happened to Dustin in his territory, he would be doomed as well.
Chapter 22
“Mr. Anderson, do you know each other?” Trevor’s eyes widened in bewilderment.
“Bastard!” Hunter was furious. He lifted his hand and slapped Trevor hard across the face. “Who the hell do you think you are? How dare you try to fight Mr. Rhys? You must have a death wish!”
“Huh?” Trevor was in a daze. He couldn’t believe it. According to his investigation, Dustin was a nobody with no background. Why did Hunter seem so nervous? Had Dustin been hiding his true identity the entire time?
###Chapter 23 by Marina Vittori
“Why are you still standing there? Let them go!” The corners of Trevor’s eyes twitched, and his face turned pale. If Hunter had asked politely, he wouldn’t be angry. However, Hunter shouted at him as soon as he arrived and even slapped him. He would be too embarrassed to face his men if he let Dustin go just like that.
“Mr. Anderson, this guy crippled my son and barged into my place. How could I stand in front of the public if they know I let him go today?” Trevor retorted in a low voice.
“Your son deserved to be crippled! I will destroy the Drey Group if you don’t let him go today!” Hunter smirked coldly.
“Mr. Anderson, I know you are influential, and I can’t offend you. But don’t forget that I have someone supporting me too!” Trevor shouted fiercely.
“Are you talking about Edwin? Let me tell you. Even if Edwin were here today, you would still have to let Mr. Rhys go!” Hunter gave a chilly smile.
Trevor’s expression instantly darkened as soon as he heard what Hunter said. He didn’t expect Hunter to be so stubborn. Hunter was even disregarding Edwin for two strangers. “Great! I will tell Sir Hummer what happened today!” Trevor said, somewhat annoyed.
Edwin Hummer was the leader of the three most influential families in the country. He would definitely be able to control Hunter.
Hunter would have to pay for disrespecting him. “Cut the nonsense, and let them go right away!” Hunter could not bother to say one more word to Trevor. He took out his gun and pointed it at Trevor’s head.
“Let them go!” Seeing that Hunter was serious, Trevor gritted his teeth and gave in. He didn’t want to risk his life for such a small matter.
“Trevor, this is a warning for you. If anything similar happens again, even Edwin can’t help you!” With that, Hunter escorted Dustin and Dahlia out.
None of the 200 men outside dared to move. “Sir Spanner, are you going to let them go just like that?” Some of his men felt frustrated.
“What else can I do? Do you want to die then?” Trevor retorted. Hearing that, his men kept quiet.
“Damn it! I won’t let them go just like that!” Trevor continued with a gloomy expression, “Contact Fletcher and ask him to come back right away. That guy must die today!”
“Yes!” After exiting the Drey Group, Dahlia finally sobered up. “Ms. Nicholson, are you okay?” Hunter asked caringly. “Mr. Anderson? Why are you here? Did you save me just now?” Dahlia looked shocked.
“I didn’t do anything. I just tried to help out. Mr. Rhys risked his life and didn’t back down, even when facing 200 men, only to save you. How devoted!” Hunter smiled.
“Really?” Dahlia turned her head and looked at Dustin next to her. She seemed confused. “Mr. Anderson, didn’t you say that you have some matters to deal with?” Dustin asked abruptly.
“Oh, yes. Look at how forgetful I am. I almost forgot. Go ahead and talk. I’ll make a move first.” Hunter didn’t stay for long. After bidding them goodbye, he left with his men.
“Ms. Nicholson!” Lyra came down from the car. She had been waiting in front of the door, yet Dahlia came out before the police arrived.
“Ms. Nicholson, was that Mr. Anderson who just left?” Lyra asked tentatively.
“That’s right. Thanks to him, we are safe.” Lyra nodded her head.
“Mr. Anderson is not close to us. Why would he help us?” Lyra was shocked.
“Well, I’ve been wondering too.” Dahlia seemed lost in her thoughts.
She barely knew Hunter. Why would he help her?
###Chapter 24 by Marina Vittori
I know! Mr. Nolan must have helped us out!” Lyra seemed to have thought of something. Suddenly, she said, “I called him after calling the police just earlier. He must have sent President Anderson here.”
“Chris Nolan?” Dahlia frowned, feeling doubtful. “That’s right. Mr. Nolan is the only person who would help us and has the power to ask President Anderson for help!” Lyra analyzed, convinced that she was correct.
“Well, that makes sense.” Dahlia agreed. As they were talking, a red Ferrari stopped by the road. The door opened, and Chris, wearing a set of bright clothes, came down hurriedly.
“Dahlia! Are you okay? I came here immediately after receiving the call!” Chris seemed worried.
“Mr. Nolan, thanks for your help. Otherwise, Ms. Nicholson would be in danger.” Lyra hurriedly thanked Chris.
“Help?” Chris was stunned. He almost couldn’t snap back to his senses. “Yes! Mr. Anderson had already come just now. He came to rescue Ms. Nicholson.” Lyra smiled.
“Huh?” Chris was even more shocked.
“Mr. Nolan, I didn’t expect you to be able to get President Anderson’s help. You are amazing. I’m impressed!” Lyra began to flatter him.
The corners of Chris‘ mouth twitched. He seemed confused. Hunter Anderson was a big shot, and Chris was in no position to ask for his help. Actually, Chris didn’t even have the right to meet him, much less ask for his help. Although he wasn’t sure what happened, Dahlia and Lyra had misunderstood him. Since things had already played out, he decided to continue with the flow. In any case, he wouldn’t lose out on anything.
“Ahem, well… I was just trying. I didn’t expect Mr. Anderson to be so kind.” Chris fixed his tie and accepted the praise.
Hearing that, Dustin couldn’t help laughing. This guy was so thick– skinned. Wasn’t he afraid the ladies would find out the truth?
“Dustin! How dare you laugh?” Lyra cried, annoyed. “Look at Mr. Nolan. He solved everything easily, but what about you? You only know how to be violent, and you nearly put Ms. Nicholson in danger!”
“Why did he only show up now if he is so amazing?” Dustin responded calmly.
“Although he was late, he got Mr. Anderson’s help. Otherwise, do you think you can walk out of Sir Spanner’s territory alive?” Lyra replied angrily.
“You’re the only one who thinks that way. I don’t think Chris saved me,” Dustin responded calmly.
“Hey! Why are you so ungrateful? Mr. Nolan saved you. Not only did you not thank him, but you’re also sprouting nonsense here. How shameless!” Lyra was displeased.
“Forget it, he doesn’t knowhow to appreciate other’s help. Let’s not lower our standards and argue with him.” Chris feigned generosity.
“Did you see that? This is what we call grace!” Lyra glared at Dustin. “Dustin, Mr. Nolan saved us, after all. I think it won’t hurt for you to thank him.”
Dahlia seemed dissatisfied too. “Go ahead and thank him if you want. It’s none of my business.” Dustin couldn’t care less.
“Why are you acting this way?” Dahlia frowned minutely. He didn’t even thank Chris for saving them earlier. How could he be so petty? a “I’m always like that. This isn’t the first time you’ve met me.“Then, Dustin continued relentlessly, “Also, please don’t be a busybody and barge into Trevor’s territory next time. You are so dumb!”
“I’m dumb? I did it to save you!” Dahlia was getting angry.
“Save me? Who asked you to save me?” Dustin raised his voice. “How are we even related? Do I need your help? Stop being a busybody. You almost killed yourself, yet you’re trying to act tough. You asked for it.”
Hearing his words, Dahlia was stunned. She couldn’t believe Dustin would say such a thing.
###Chapter 25 by Marina Vittori
“Is this what you wanted to tell me?” Dahlia was dumbfounded and rooted to the ground in disbelief. Looking at Dustin’s cold expression, she thought he felt unfamiliar. She could feel grief and sadness. washing over her as a result.
“That’s right! That’s what I wanted to tell you! Please keep in mind not to meddle in my business. My life and death have nothing to do with you. We are no longer related. Do you get it?” Dustin scolded her fiercely.
His cruel words froze Dahlia. She didn’t expect Dustin would complain and blame her instead of thanking her for her kindness. When had they become enemies?
“Hey, Dustin Rhys! Are you even human?” Standing on the side, Lyra couldn’t take it anymore. She scolded, “How can you say that to Ms. Nicholson? She was trying to help you! How can you be so ungrateful?”
“What do you want me to say? Am I supposed to praise her for being brave and barging into Trevor’s place?” Dustin asked coldly. “You are such an ungrateful guy!” Lyra was pissed off.
“That’s enough! Stop it! From now on, I will never meddle in your business. Whether you’re alive or dead, it has nothing to do with me!”
Finally, Dahlia could no longer hold herself back. With that, she left angrily. Nobody noticed the usually tough lady had started to tear up.
“Dustin Rhys! You’d better remember what you said today! Don’t come and ask for our help next time!” Lyra glared at him and caught up with Dahlia.
“What an idiot,” Chris uttered, following after them. This was a chance for him to swoop in. He couldn’t let this chance go.
“Silly woman…” Confusion filled Dustin’s eyes as he stared at Dahlia leaving. He had purposely said that to protect her. Trevor would have taken advantage of her if Dustin hadn’t arrived on time earlier. He didn’t want anything similar to happen again, so he had to cut ties with her heartlessly!
“Finally, it’s time to take action.” Dustin took a deep breath, turned around, and stared at Drey Group’s building. He hadn’t left earlier because he was afraid. He simply hadn’t wanted to put Dahlla in danger. Now that Dahlia was safe, he had no worries anymore.
Revenge was a dish that must be served cold. Unfortunately, Dustin was an impatient guy. He had to take revenge today!
With that thought in mind, Dustin strode into the Drey Group without hesitation. Under the people’s shocked gazes, he locked the main door. Soon, cries and howls rang out from the building.
The whole process took about 20 minutes.
20 minutes later…
With a loud bang, the office door on the top floor was smashed by one of the bodyguards ‘dead bodies.
Dustin stepped on the corpse as he entered the room, covered in blood. He looked like a devil from hell. The whole place was covered in gore.
It was terrifying!
In the office, Trevor’s bodyguards were shocked. They were dumbfounded, and chills started creeping up their bodies.
Dustin was like a monster; they didn’t expect him to be so strong. He had killed everybody from the first floor to the top floor!
He had killed almost 200 men all by himself!
Was he even human?
“Who–Who are you?” Panicking, Trevor stumbled backward. When he saw Dustin coming back, he smiled smugly, assuming that Dustin must have a death wish. Soon, he realized he was wrong.
He was completely wrong!
Dustin didn’t have a death wish. He was on a killing spree!
###Chapter 26 by Marina Vittori
As soon as Dustin entered the building, he gradually worked his way up and killed everybody he came across. None of his opponents could stand up to him at all, each felled in mere seconds.
“You want to take revenge on me, but you don’t know who I am?” Dustin began to close in on Trevor. The look in his eyes was exceptionally cold.
“Damn it! Don’t come near me, or I’ll kill you!” Trevor suddenly took out a gun from his drawer.
However, Dustin immediately rushed forward and grabbed the muzzle before Trevor could lift his hand. Then, he grabbed the gun.
A metallic groan rang out. Trevor was shocked to realize that the muzzle of his gun had been twisted by Dustin. The gun was made of iron! How could he manipulate the gun like it was mud?
—
“Mr. Mr. Rhys, it’s a misunderstanding. I swear I won’t bother you anymore if you leave now.” Trevor started breaking out in a cold sweat. He decided to give in. Dustin’s power was beyond the level of ordinary people. It was no wonder a big shot like Hunter would be so respectful toward Dustin.
“You won’t bother me, but I want to bother you.” Dustin suddenly grabbed Trevor’s shoulder and pulled him violently. With a crack, Trevor’s arm was broken.
“Argh!” Trevor cried out. “How dare you touch my woman?” Dustin remained expressionless. He struck again and broke Trevor’s other arm.
Trevor couldn’t help sweating. His face turned pale while the other people in the room shivered in fear. None of them dared to go near Dustin.
“Fuck! Do you know who my supporter is? It’s Edwin Hummer! The leader of Swinton’s Mighty Three! If you kill me today, Sir Hummer will tear you into pieces!” In the face of death, Trevor threatened Dustin fiercely. He tried to scare Dustin away by invoking his patron.
“Are these your last words?” Amused, Dustin frowned and threw him to the ground. “If you have nothing else to say, you can die now.”
“No! Don’t kill me! Please don’t kill me! I have power, influence, and money. No matter what you want, I can give it to you as long as you don’t kill me,” Trevor spat blood and collapsed to the ground, pleading ferociously, He was terrified,
“Power and influence? Now that you say that, it reminds me of something.” Dustin scanned his surroundings and looked at a corner. A man in a bright outfit was standing there. “You must be his henchman, seeing that you are by his side,”
Afraid, the man nodded his head without answering, “Good. Kill him, and all his assets will belong to you,” With that, Dustin kicked the knife next to his feet toward the man, The man looked at the knife. After hesitating for a moment, his eyes became fierce, “No…”
Before Trevor could say anything more, the man had already picked up the knife and stabbed his chest violently. Blood instantly gushed out of Trevor’s body,
Trevor’s eyes widened, and he collapsed to the ground. Even after he died, he had no idea who he had offended. “S–Sir, I’ve killed him.”
“Trevor is pretty influential in East City. Now that he’s dead, do you think you can handle the situation?” Dustin asked calmly.
Since the man had chosen his path, Dustin wanted to train him. “Don’t worry, Sir. I’m sure I can handle it!” the man said confidently.
“Oh? You sound confident.” Dustin frowned. Slightly surprised, he said, “Let me ask you. What position do you hold in the Drey Group?”
The man didn’t answer immediately. Instead, he pointed at Trevor, who was lying in at pool of blood. “He’s my father.”
###Chapter 27 by Marina Vittori
“He is my father.” Dustin was shocked. He didn’t expect the two of them to be related. “I heard Trevor has a son called Edward. Who are you then?”
“My name is Mason. I’m Trevor’s illegitimate son.” The man bowed his head as he explained, “Trevor forced himself on my mother and got her pregnant. In order to save his image, he kept my existence in the dark and made me his foster son instead.”
“So, you hate him?” Dustin asked. “Yes!” Mason gritted his teeth and seethed angrily, “He abandoned my mother and me, leaving us impoverished all those years ago. Now, he’s only using me as a pawn to assist Edward. I can’t let them trample over me again. I must get back what’s mine!”
“Good.” Dustin nodded in approval. “Since you’re ambitious, I will help you. If you do as I say, I will not only help you climb the ladder but also help you rule over Swinton.”
“Thank you!” Delighted, Mason immediately knelt on the ground to show his gratitude. As wise as Mason was, he could tell that Dustin was an extraordinary man. After all, the latter had taken down the entire Drey Group all by himself, so his capability was unfathomable. Working by Dustin’s side would no doubt make Mason’s future bright.
“You can call me Mr. Rhys. If you need anything next time, feel free to give me a call. All I ask is your loyalty,” Dustin reminded.
“I swear to be loyal to you until the day I die, Mr. Rhys!” Mason nodded, determined. “You know what to do from here, right?”
“Yes. Whatever happened today is on me. You have no involvement at all,” Mason replied shrewdly.
“You’re smart.” Dustin smiled. The pawn he found had some potential.
Suddenly, the phone on the table vibrated. Only after getting Dustin’s permission did Mason answer the call.
“Hey, what’s up? You need 50 million dollars? I heard that you guys haven’t repaid the bank loan. You’re going bankrupt soon, yet you’re still asking me for money? Are you trying to use me? Whatever, I don’t have time for your problem. Get lost.” After saying that, Mason hung up the phone without hesitation.
“What was that about?” Dustin asked. “It’s nothing. This guy named David Nolan was asking for a loan. 50 million dollars in one go.”
“David?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. “He has a son named Chris, right?”
“I think so. How did you know?” Mason got curious.
“Forget it. Go on and tell me more.”
“Well, I would’ve agreed to lend him the money if it were in the past since that’s the kind of business my company runs. However, I recently learned that Nolan Pharmaceuticals has been investigated for selling fake drugs, though the news has yet to be disclosed to the public. How can I possibly lend money to a business on the verge of bankruptcy? What would I do if they ran off with the money?”
“That’s right. It looks like you’re experienced in handling a business. It shouldn’t be a problem for you to take over Trevor’s business.” Dustin gave a nod of approval.
“Thank you for the compliment, Mr. Rhys,” Mason answered respectfully.
“Alright. Clean up the mess here. I’m leaving now. We’ll get in touch again if needed.” Without wasting time, Dustin changed into a clean set of clothes and left the Drey Group.
It was his first time going on a killing spree in ten years. His emotions were stable, almost peaceful. This was a piece of cake compared to what he’d been through a decade ago.
“Honk! Honk!”
Just as Dustin wanted to hail a taxi home, a yellow sports car rushed over at him with the sound of a roaring engine. When it seemed like it was going to run into Dustin, the car firmly skidded to a stop. Then, the car window rolled down and revealed a gorgeous face. It was a girl with a ponytail, appearing to be around 18 years old. She was youthful and beautiful.
“Hey, Rhys, get in!” She waved at him. “Who are you?” Dustin asked, completely baffled.
“Damn, did you forget me already? We met yesterday!” The girl huffed annoyingly. In her own opinion, her natural beauty attracted attention wherever she went.
###Chapter 28 by Marina Vittori
She was the type to make men fall in love with her at first sight. Thus, she was shocked to learn that Dustin had forgotten about her after just one night. Was her presence so insignificant?
“Um… you do look familiar. I think I’ve seen you somewhere.” Dustin tried to dig through his memories.
“Yesterday, at the hospital. You treated my grandfather. Do you remember now?” The girl uttered through gritted teeth.
“Oh! You’re Natasha’s sister, Roth. Am I right?”
“Who the hell are you calling Roth? My name is Ruth! Ruth Harmon!” Ruth nearly exploded out of exasperation. She wanted to step on the gas pedal and run Dustin over with her car. All this time, she’d never been treated this way. How insulting!
“I’m sorry. Ms. Ruth, are you looking for me for some reason?” Dustin quickly changed the topic.
“Of course! Why would I be here otherwise?” Ruth rolled her eyes and ordered, “Hurry up and get in the car. Natasha has fallen sick and is demanding to see you.”
“Hmm? What happened to her?”
“How would I know? You’re the doctor. You should go and find out. Now, get in!” Ruth ordered in an unfriendly tone.
Helplessly, Dustin got into the car and then left under the jealous gaze of the passersby.
After half an hour, the car finally pulled over in front of a luxurious building called Java Joys. The place boasted a large backyard, which not only had hot springs but also a garden and a swimming pool. Meanwhile, the main entrance was guarded by security
24/7. O
“Follow me.” Upon getting out of the car, Ruth led the way, and they hurriedly made it to a bedroom. At this moment, inside the private bathroom was Natasha, who was
dressed in a business suit while she soaked in a bathtub full of ice cubes.
Her face was flushed, her gaze blurry, and her breathing was labored. As her chest rose and fell, it caused ripples in the water.
“Ms. Harmon, what happened to you?” Dustin walked over and was stunned the moment he noticed that she wasn’t wearing anything under her suit. While it wasn’t
obvious at first, certain parts of her skin became visible when the fabric was slowly soaked with water. Like any other man, Dustin found it hard to resist when a stunning
woman like Natasha was in this state.
“Mr. Rhys, you’re here…” Natasha opened her hazy eyes and spoke with difficulty, “My body feels so hot. I’m so thirsty and in pain… It feels like my chest is on fire. Quick, help me find out what’s wrong…” As she spoke, she put out her wrist.
With an observant look, Dustin was fast to find out the issue. “Ms. Harmon, if I’m not mistaken, it looks like you’ve been drugged. And with a potent aphrodisiac at that.”
“Bullshit! Who would drug my sister?” Ruth scolded.
“What do I do now, Mr. Rhys?” asked Natasha lethargically.
“Although it’s a special case, it can be treated. But we must move you to a bed. It won’t be easy to treat you in this bathtub.” Dustin signaled for her to get up.
Natasha nodded, struggling to get up. However, as soon as she took a step out of the bathtub, she slipped and collapsed into Dustin’s arms. a
Subconsciously, Dustin’s reflex kicked in, and his hands shot out to hold her, and they just so happened to touch her chest. Natasha felt as though she had been hit by a bolt of lightning. At that moment, both of them froze in place.
Dustin’s mind was blank, but Natasha’s expression was agitated. Her eyelashes fluttered, and her breathing hitched. The fire inside her had only gotten bigger.
Without a warning, Natasha parted her lips and raised her head, surging upward to kiss Dustin.
“Hey! What are you guys doing in broad daylight? Aren’t you embarrassed?” Ruth, who was at the door, let out a scream at this sight. She covered her face with her hand, but her curious eyes couldn’t help peeking through her fingers, and she watched the two of them kiss intimately.
###Chapter 29 by Marina Vittori
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to.” Dustin instantly came to his senses and rushed to push Natasha away. His face was etched with awkwardness. Everything happened so quickly that he hadn’t had time to think.
“It’s okay. It was my fault. The drug might have been too strong, as I really couldn’t control myself,” Natasha replied coyly. While speaking, she cast a glare at Ruth, silently cursing her sister for ruining the rare opportunity for her to get a man. “Ruth could’ve just left. Why did she have to scream? I’m cutting her allowance this month!” thought Natasha.
“Ruth, help your sister to lie on the bed,” instructed Dustin.
“Hmph! Of course, I will. Did you think you could take advantage of her again?” With a roll of her eyes, Ruth went to hold the grumpy Natasha and walked her to the bed.
“Ms. Harmon, please remove your shirt and lie on your front,” Dustin added.
“What? You pervert, what are you trying to do!” Ruth’s anger immediately flared.
“Don’t get me wrong. I have to use a needling method to extract the toxins from your sister’s body. Otherwise, she’d get worse over time, to the point where she’d lose control,” Dustin patiently explained.
“Are you serious? You’re not trying to scare me, are you?” Ruth looked skeptical.
“Why would I lie to you about this?” Dustin was in disbelief.
“Fine. I will trust you for once. But you have to look away. Don’t peek!” warned Ruth.
“Okay.” Without saying much, Dustin turned around. “Natasha put on your bra. You can’t let him do anything to you,” Ruth said as she handed Natasha her bra.
“Ah… How considerate of you, Ruth.” Natasha’s voice sounded strained.
“Don’t mention it. Come, let me help you.” Smugly, Ruth quickly helped Natasha. Then, the latter gave her a look and said, “I think you can head out now. Don’t disturb Mr. Rhys from treating me.”
“No way! What if he tries to lay his hands on you? I must watch him closely!” Ruth rejected her instantly.
Chapter 29
Natasha’s eye twitched, feeling helpless with her upright sister. Why was the girl so dense? She had to teach her a lesson later,
“Hey, Rhys, you can look now.” After getting Ruth’s permission, Dustin turned around at last. Natasha was lying obediently on her front, her smooth and fair back exposed. Her ass, waist, and neck nearly formed a line of perfect curves. At first glance, she looked like an exquisite piece of artwork.
“What are you waiting for? Get to work!” Ruth yelled from the side, staring at him firmly. Dustin regained his composure and took out his needles, sitting by the bedside to start treating Natasha.
Even though the aphrodisiac was potent, it wasn’t difficult to treat once it was discovered. The only problem was that Natasha’s body was too alluring. Added to her charmingly flustered expression, his heart couldn’t help skipping a beat.
Fortunately, Dustin possessed excellent concentration. He only focused on the important parts to resist her allure.
Around 15 minutes later, Dustin breathed a long sigh and removed the needles from Natasha’s back. “Ms. Harmon, your body is free of toxins now. You can flush out the remaining drugs by drinking more water.”
“Thank you for your help, Mr. Rhys.” Natasha smiled shyly. On her flawless face was a lingering seductiveness. It was like sweet wine–so intoxicating.
“Natasha, hurry up and put on your shirt!” Ruth immediately wrapped her sister up tightly, fearing that she would be taken advantage of.
“Ms. Harmon, the aphrodisiac you’re drugged with is very similar to the one your grandfather was poisoned with. Based on my judgment, it must have been the same culprit,” Dustin suddenly said.
“No wonder I felt something amiss.” Natasha nodded thoughtfully.
“It can’t go on like this. To avoid similar incidents like this, we must find out the person behind this as soon as possible,” Dustin advised.
###Chapter 30 by Marina Vittori
“Do you have a plan in mind, Mr. Rhys?” Natasha asked.
“I need to get a clear understanding of the situation first. I hope you don’t mind if I ask you some questions.” Dustin cleared his throat before continuing, “Where did you go today, and did you meet anyone there?”
“I met Edwin today. We talked about work, and he asked about us being in a partnership, but I rejected his offer,” Natasha answered truthfully.
“I see. Did you drink anything he offered you?” “Of course not. That man has been eyeing my family business for ages. I’d never let my guard down around him.”
“Then it really is strange how you got drugged, sis,” Ruth piped up. “Truly.” Natasha rolled her eyes. “When you two met, did you smell or touch anything in particular?” Dustin then asked.
“Now that you mention it…” Something suddenly dawned on Natasha. “When I stepped into the place, I did smell something particular. I didn’t pay much attention because I thought it was just perfume. But then, after a while, I started feeling dizzy. My body felt oddly warm too. Good thing I left soon after that. Who knows what could’ve happened if I had stayed longer?”
“It seems like that fragrance really is the problem,” Dustin concluded.
“What’s next, Mr. Rhys?”
“There was ambergris residue found on your skin earlier. It must’ve been the main ingredient in the fragrance that was used to drug you.” a
“So what? We still need to track down the person who made that drug,” Ruth huffed, crossing her arms in front of her chest.
“Ambergris is a rare substance, so our target pool is quite limited. We can look at recent buyers and narrow down our search from there,” Dustin replied.
“Good plan. I’ll have someone get to it right away!” Natasha agreed. With her family’s influence, this sort of thing could be settled in a jiffy.
“I trust my work here is done, Ms. Harmon. I’ll take my leave now.” Dustin made a move to stand up.
“One more thing!” Natasha suddenly stopped him.
“Why don’t you join us for dinner?”
“Thank you, but I… already have plans tonight.”
Natasha gave him a curious look. “It can’t be with your ex–wife, can it, Mr. Rhys? Don’t you find me attractive? Hm?”
With that, she arched her body to show off her curves.
Dustin froze up. “U–uh…”
“Hahaha, alright, I’ll stop teasing you,” Natasha giggled, “I won’t make you cancel your plans. But before you go, here is a token of my appreciation.”
She made a quick gesture, and a servant came over with an elegant–looking box.
“I hope you can make good use of these wines, Mr. Rhys. I’ve had them in store for quite some time.” Natasha beamed, handing him the box.
“You have my thanks, Ms. Harmon.” Dustin gladly accepted it. He deserved some compensation for work done, and a gift from Natasha Harmon herself wouldn’t be just some lousy trinket.
“See Mr. Rhys out, Ruth,” Natasha called.
“Okay,” Ruth’s tone was tinged with reluctance, but she still brought Dustin out to his Lamborghini,
Suddenly, his phone rang. It was a phone call from Henry Nicholson, Dahlia’s grandfather,
“Hey Dustin, are you up for lunch today?”
“Thank you, but I already have plans today, sir.”
“You still need to eat, don’t you? Dahlia should’ve cut you some slack. I’ll make sure to tell her about this!” The old man grunted.
“It’s just some personal business, sir, nothing to do with Ms. Nicholson.”
“Alright, enough defending her. I know how you are, and I’m sure this is because of her. Don’t you worry; I’ll make sure to confront her about this. We’re family, and family needs to spend time together.” 9
“Uh… sure, I guess,” Dustin reluctantly agreed.
In the three years after marrying into this family, only this old man treated Dustin as his own. That was why he respected and cared for him deeply.
But they wouldn’t see each other for a long time after that. So let this meal be the final goodbye for both of them…
###Chapter 31 by Marina Vittori
Dustin drove over to the Nicholsons‘ home at noon. The villa was in a secluded neighborhood, with flowers and hedges decorating the front yard.
Dahlia was right outside. Dustin tried to avoid her but was still spotted.
“Stop right there! I need to talk to you!”
“What is it?” Dustin asked. Their backs were to each other as they spoke.
“I haven’t told Granddad about our divorce because of his condition.”
“Do you think we can keep him from finding out?”
“I’ll find a chance to tell him after, just not today.”
“Alright. Anything else?”
“Nope.” Dahlia turned and went inside the house without another word.
They never once looked at each other, acting like complete strangers.
Dustin took a deep breath and went in as well, wine in hand. The living room was filled with people, including most of the Nicholsons.
Only John, Dahlia’s father, was absent, still outside on his trip.
Yet someone was sitting in his usual seat this time, an outsider too–Chris Nolan.
“How rude to have us elders wait on him like this,” Florence jeered, her expression
mean.
“Shh, Mom. He might get upset and hurt you!” James chirped loudly. He hadn’t let go of what had happened yesterday. The bruises were still visible on his face.
“Alright, now that everyone’s here, let’s have dinner.” Henry Nicholson announced, beaming at Dustin. “Come and sit beside me, kid.”
“Sure.” Dustin smiled in return and helped the old man to his seat.
James scowled, his eyes burning with jealousy. “Kiss–ass!”
He had never understood why his grandfather doted on Dustin. James was the old man’s grandson by blood!
“Come, let us all drink!” Henry toasted.
“Granddad, look at this.” James pulled up a decorated box of wine. “Chris brought this beautiful wine over, a fine Grand Cru from La Romanee Conti. We should all toast with
this!”
“La Romanee Conti? That’s a really expensive vintner, no?”
“Yes, it is. It was 100 thousand dollars a bottle!” Chris boasted.
“What? 100 thousand dollars a bottle?!” everyone exclaimed in shock. The sky–high
price had been way beyond their expectations.
The Harmons were pretty well–off, but even they hadn’t had a chance to try something this expensive.
“Why’d you spend all that money on this, Chris? It’s too much, no?” Florence
questioned, though pride laced her tone. After all, Chris was her first choice for a son–in
-law.
“100 something thousand isn’t much. I have another barrel of this at home, so please, you all enjoy,” Chris grinned like a cat that ate the canary. The pride was evident on his face, however.
“Mr. Nolan, you’re really generous.”
“Yeah, we’re really in for a treat tonight!”
The family began praising Chris for his wine, feeding his ego further.
“Hey, boy, look at how sincere James is. His wine costs 100 thousand dollars. But what about yours, hm? You bought them from the dollar store, didn’t you? Cheapskate!” Florence sneered and even kicked James in the calf.
“Why don’t we have a look?” James proposed with a conspiring smile. He swiftly opened Dustin’s box of wine.
###Chapter 32 by Marina Vittori
The wines were quickly unboxed for everyone’s viewing pleasure.
“Teh, and here I thought they were decent quality. Looks like these are just craft brews, worth no more than two thousand dollars, I bet.” James had a look of disdain on his
face. “How could these compare to Grand Crus?”
“Craft brews have long lost their value on the market. We don’t even give our servants. these!” someone exclaimed,
Craft brews weren’t actually that terrible in terms of quality, but they were nothing compared to Grand Crus.
“What a cheapskate!” Florence scoffed,
“How are craft brews cheap when they’ve been on the rise in the country? Is your taste. in fine wine only limited to those brewed overseas?” Dustin casually responded.
“How is it not cheap when they cost only a couple thousand? Chris‘ wines cost more
than 100 thousand dollars.” James rolled his eyes.
“Wines don’t have to be expensive to be good. Plus, you don’t know how much exactly
my wines cost.”
“Are you still trying to make a comeback?” James sneered.
Florence scowled. “Hmph! So damn stubborn, that one.”
“I’m not going to waste any more of my time trying to explain to people who won’t listen to reason,” Dustin said. He really didn’t want to waste his breath any longer.
“That’s enough. What matters most is the flavor, not the cost. I prefer whites over reds. anyway.” Henry finally interrupted, popped open one of the craft brews, and poured himself a glass.
“Wait, why is it so yellow? Shouldn’t craft brews be pale white?”
“It’s murky too! It isn’t fake, is it?”
“My goodness, bringing fake wine to dinner! What kind of person would do that?”
The people started whispering to each other upon seeing the yellow liquid in the old man’s glass.
“Now you’ve really done it! How dare you mock us all with this sham of a gift?!”
Florence cried, slamming the table with one hand.
“What if something happens to us after drinking it?!”
“I never expected him to be so evil! Is he trying to poison us all or what?”
A commotion broke out at the table in an instant.
Cheap wine was already embarrassing enough, but fake wine? That was a conspiracy waiting to happen!
Not even the old man knew how to calm the situation down now. He never drank much
craft brews, but even he knew it was supposed to be a pale, nearly transparent color. Yet the wine Dustin had brought was not only yellow; it even seemed opaque.
It didn’t look like anything good.
“This is how fine–aged craft brews usually turn out to look like,” Dustin explained.
“Bullshit!” James cried. “Do you think we’re idiots? No wine looks like this! It’s piss, 
that’s all it is!”
“Yeah! Why do you continue to lie through your teeth?” Florence huffed.
Chris shook his head with faux empathy. “Oh, Dustin. You should’ve told me if you couldn’t bring anything to the table. I could’ve given you a bottle or two for show. Why would you want to drag us down like this?”
His words seemed kind, but in truth, he was leaping for joy internally. Dustin truly was no match for him. His victory over this family nearly felt effortless.
“I don’t care if you trust me or not. All I can say is this wine is genuine and as good as they come,” Dustin reaffirmed.
“Whoa, what a crowd!”
Suddenly, a man appeared in the doorway, still dressed in his business suit, holding several gifts.
“Dad? You’re back from your trip already?” James gasped.
It was John Nicholson, Dahlia’s father.
“Well, the deal was a success, so I came home carly.” John smiled. The wines on the
table caught his attention. “Oh, is that La Romanee? It’s a recent brew I think, but it must cost at least 100 thousand dollars a bottle, am I right?”
“Good on you, Dad! You’re right!” James beamed.
“Dear, Chris brought this over for dinner. Isn’t he sweet?” Florence spoke up, then she turned to glare at Dustin. “Unlike some people who tried to poison all of us with fake wine!”
“Fake wine?” John exclaimed.
“Yeah, look!” James showed his father the glass of yellow liquid. “Dustin brought this over for dinner. If we hadn’t noticed in time, God knows what would’ve happened to us if we drank it.”
John took a close whiff of the wine, then tossed the entire glass down in one go.
“Dad, what are you doing? Don’t drink that! You’ll kill yourself!” James yelled.
Yet John seemed to be reveling in the taste of the wine. “A smooth, creamy body, followed by a heady finish, this isn’t fake. This is a priceless aged craft brew!” “What?!” Everyone gasped.
###Chapter 33 by Marina Vittori
“You must be kidding, right, Dad? This can’t be aged wine!” James‘ eyes were wide as dinner plates. “Look at how yellowish it looks, though. It must be fake!” Florence accused.
“You guys must not have seen brews like this before. Aged craft brews get this color, and it only darkens the longer it’s been aging. Every wine connoisseur knows this.”
The looks on everyone’s faces quickly changed. Their accusations had just been dampened significantly, not by just anyone but by John Nicholson himself, a well- known wine enthusiast. His judgment couldn’t be wrong.
“I was blessed to be able to try such a fine wine years ago with a government official, but this brew right here must be finer than the one I had that body and finish tell me it must’ve been aged for at least 50 years!” John smacked his lips, still enjoying the brew’s aftertaste. ?
“How much would it cost on the market?” James asked curiously.
“It’s priceless. You couldn’t find a willing seller even if you offered a city’s worth. But if we judge based on recent wine auction values, it should cost at least two million dollars,”
“Two million?!” Everyone gasped. They’ve never even heard of wine that costs this much! Chris‘ Grand Cru was nothing compared to that!
“N–no way!” Florence refused to believe it. “Are you sure about this, John? How could Dustin be able to afford this?”
“Yeah! He can’t even afford a nice pair of pants, not to mention something this expensive!” James cried. His argument brought forth the table’s resounding agreement.
“He has a point. How could that vagrant have that much money?”
“Hmm… where did you get this brew, Dustin?” John asked gently.
“A friend gave it to me,” he answered truthfully.
“Gave it to you?” Florence scowled. “How could someone like you have friends rich enough to buy a drink like that? Even if they did, why would they give it to you in the first place? I bet you stole it from them!‘
“Yeah, he must’ve stolen it!” James nodded vigorously, finding a new accusation to
slap Dustin with. He refused to believe Dustin could afford this sort of quality wine, whether or not it was given to him by a friend.
“Why did you have to steal this of all things, Dustin? Do you know how
many years you’ll have to spend in prison for theft?” Chris huffed, appearing to be considerate.
How could that pauper have gotten a hold of something not even he could.
“Whether you believe me or not doesn’t matter to me. I didn’t steal it, and that’s enough for me,” Dustin droned.
First, they called his wine cheap. Then, after revealing it wasn’t, they find another accusation of him having stolen it. Next, they would just say he blackmailed Natasha into giving it to him.
That’s why there was no use explaining to them further.
“Hah, see? Where’s your excuse now? I knew you stole this!” Florence screeched.
“You thief! I can’t believe you stole this just to look good in front of us!” James gasped, playing along.
“Whatever. I got this wine for Granddad and Granddad only, so you guys don’t have to drink any if you don’t want to!” Dustin rolled his eyes. He had had enough of this crap.
“Enough, all of you! I trust Dustin with my whole heart, and I know he didn’t steal this wine, so stop it!” Henry finally ground out. “But Granddad…
“Be quiet! Eat your food!” the old man ordered once again. Only then did everyone shut up. Even Florence and James, who still didn’t believe he could have lawfully gotten his hands on the craft brew.
Dinner finally began. Even though everyone had their turn at smearing Dustin’s name, they still gladly took their share of the craft brew. Even those who didn’t drink alcohol tried a few sips.
After all, this brew cost over two million dollars on the market, a precious delicacy they had never had the luck to try before. Why pass on the opportunity?
Dustin could only snort at how stubborn this family of people was.
Dinner soon came to an end.
###Chapter 34 by Marina Vittori
Chris rapped on the table, calling for everyone’s attention. “Everyone, I would like to share some good news with you all. Nolan Pharmaceuticals. has been looking to increase its share pool, so we are currently welcoming new investors. Is anyone here interested?”
“New investors?” Everyone’s attention was immediately captured. Nolan Pharmaceuticals was an industry–leading corporation with very limited shares available. That was why Chris‘ announcement came as a shock to everyone at the table.
“Hasn’t the company been doing alright, Mr. Nolan? Why the sudden invitation?” Dahlia asked curiously.
“Of course, it has been. We’ve just been planning to list our company publicly, that’s why. As everyone knows, our company is not short on talent or the capability to overcome competition. This share listing is just so we have some funds to give our employees a good bonus this season.” Chris smiled. “We haven’t officially announced this to the public yet, and the spots are limited. If anyone here is interested, we can save some spots for you.
That sure got everyone on board. Nolan Pharmaceuticals could easily bag them all hefty profits!
“Count me in, Mr. Nolan. I have five million to spare!” James called out eagerly.
“Eight million on me!” Florence followed.
Chris beamed. “Alright, two spots for you guys.
“Hey, I want a share too! You’ve got yourself another three million!”
“Five… five million for me–that’s all my life savings!”
The family started shouting over each other, worried they wouldn’t be able to get at share. It was a perfect example of herd mentality.
“What about you, Dahlia? How many shares would you like to get?” Chris turned to Dahlia. “I can give you extra from the pot, given our relationship.”
“I…” Dahlia gave it some thought.
She had learned a lot on her way up to where she was today. Naturally, she knew not to make decisions based on personal sentiment.
“Don’t you trust me, Dahlia? I’m offering you a share because you’re important to me. You can say no if you want to–there are loads of other people waiting to get their share.” Chris huffed lightly.
“I didn’t mean it like that. It’s just that I’ll be joining as a shareholder in a company with the Harmons very soon, so I’m being extra careful with how I’m spending my funds, just in case,” she explained.
“How much do you have in hand right now?” Chris asked.
“Not much. So million tops.”
“That’s more than enough! To be frank with you, you don’t need that much to work with the Harmons. Why don’t you consider investing in my company instead? We pay out really solid dividends each year.”
“He’s right, Dahlia. This is a once–in–a–lifetime opportunity!” Florence cried.
“What are you waiting for, sis? You can trust Mr. Nolan. He’s already helped you out so many times!” James added.
“If you believe in me, Dahlia, then invest in my company. But if you don’t, it’s fine too,” Chris finally relented.
“L… Alright then.”
After some hesitation, Dahlia finally nodded. She was only doing this to pay back the favor she owed Chris, and he had insisted so much that it would be disrespectful to reject his offer.
This investment wasn’t a bad idea either.
Just like that, Dahlia’s So million dollars were all promised to Nolan Pharmaceuticals.
“What about you, Dustin? Wanna buy a share?” Chris suddenly asked with a smirk he didn’t bother hiding.
“Oh, and by the way, one million is the minimum investment amount. You can have at go at earning big if you have that much as a starter.”
“Thanks, but no thanks.”
“Heh, I see… Are you not interested? Or… don’t you have that much to spare? How about this: For Dahlia’s sake, I’ll let you have a ten–million share if you can fork out a hundred thousand dollars at least.” Chris grinned.
Dustin replied nonchalantly, “No, thank you. I have no interest in a company that’s on
the verge of packing it up.”
That brought Chris‘ mood to a shocked standstill.
###Chapter 35 by Marina Vittori
“What did you say?”
Chris froze, thinking he had misheard him. “I said I’m not interested in a business that’s about to go bankrupt,” Dustin repeated. “Bankrupt?”
Everyone was too stunned to react to his words. “How dare you! That’s nonsense!”
Chris was shocked, but he quickly denied it. “Nolan Pharmaceuticals is raking in profits. every day and is at its prime. How could we go bankrupt? Stop fear–mongering!”
“Only you know whether this is fear–mongering or not. Anyways, I’ve received news that Nolan Pharmaceuticals will be investigated due to the sale of counterfeit illicit drugs. It’s just a matter of time before they go bankrupt.” Dustin’s words were very shocking.
“Counterfeit drugs? Investigated?”
Now, everyone was even more puzzled.
Their
gaze turned to Chris.
“Nonsense! All of it is nonsense!”
“Dustin, stop spreading these rumors. Nolan Pharmaceuticals is a law–abiding. company. How could it go under investigation? I can sue you for defamation!” Chris threatened.
His words may appear firm, but he was in turmoil on the inside. Nolan Pharmaceuticals was indeed under investigation and would go bankrupt soon. He intended to list the company as a publicly traded company to raise capital so he could run off with a fortune.
However, the news had been suppressed. How did Dustin know without it being leaked?
“Dustin, what nonsense are you spewing? How can a company as successful as Nolan. Pharmaceuticals go bankrupt?” Florence reprimanded.
“That’s right! Everyone knows that Nolan Pharmaceuticals has good assets and is at the peak of success. Stop spreading lies!” James also piped in. 
It was obvious they doubted him. After all, the Nolan family had a long history in
Swinton. They also maintained a good reputation, so it did not seem possible to have
issues.
“It’s the truth. Nolan Pharmaceuticals is about to go under, and the so–called ‘capital increase and share expansion‘ is nothing than a money–grabbing scam.” 
Chris even contacted Mason to borrow money. The investigation of the company and its bankruptcy were obviously true.
“Bullshit! I just wanted to do everyone a favor because we’re close. It’s fine if you
choose not to accept my offer, but how dare you slander me? What intentions do you have?” Chris cried out.
“Mr. Rhys, it’s fine if you’re not able to help us. But why cause trouble when Chris just wants to help us? You’re really devious!”
“That’s right! This fellow must be slandering Chris because he’s jealous!”
“Dustin, you’re so despicable!”
Everyone started to chime in, one after another.
Dustin was poor, while Chris had power and money. Between the two, they were more inclined to believe Chris.
Dustin couldn’t help but frown as he watched the commotion. He did not expect his kind intentions to be returned with such a negative reaction. This proved that no one would believe a man without money or power. 1
“Dustin, do you have proof that Nolan Pharmaceuticals is going bankrupt?” Dahlia suddenly asked. She had invested eight million worth of funds. Naturally, she had to be
cautio
“I don’t have evidence. But what I said was the truth. You can check if you don’t believe me. You should be able to trace the information,” Dustin replied coldly.
Dahlia’s expression darkened at his words. Did this mean he was just making it up? She even had high expectations for him. It turned out he was just making false accusations. This must be the result of his jealousy turning into hatred.
“Everyone, since Dustin claimed I’m a swindler, just forget the matter about the
shares, lest I rip off everyone.”
Seeing that the timing was right, Chris deliberately put on an act as if he had been wronged.
###Chapter 36 by Marina Vittori
Chris‘ words made everyone nervous. How could they let this opportunity to make a fortune slip away so easily?
“Chris, ignore this fellow. He’s obviously jealous of you. But we’re not, we all believe you!” Florence immediately took a stand.
“That’s right! Chris, you promised us about the stocks. You can’t just forget about it.”
Everyone agreed right away. As they spoke, they turned and glared at Dustin.
“Dustin Rhys, don’t stop us from making a fortune! Otherwise, I won’t let you off so easily!”
“Yeah! Get lost if you wish to continue on with this nonsense!”
The crowd chattered and chimed in one after another. From their perspective, Dustin was slandering Chris and preventing them from making money. He had such malicious intentions!
“Do all of you really trust Chris? Hasn’t anyone ever doubted if he was lying?” Dustin asked with a frown.
“That’s none of your business! We’ll do what we want!” James glared at him.
“That’s right! Even if we were cheated, it would be on our own terms! It has nothing to do with you! You’re really such a busybody!” Florence looked at him with disgust.
Dustin smirked at these words. He appeared to be making a fool of himself or being disdainful.
“Since you all love to give away your money. Forget I ever said anything.” He shook his head. It was hard to advise these stiff–necked people. These people were so blinded by money that they had no hope. He would just be embarrassing himself if he tried to warn them any further. He even looked forward to their reactions after finding out they had been scammed.
“If you have nothing nice to say, you should shut up! You’re such a letdown!” Florence spat out.
She would have gotten rid of him if not for Henry’s sake.
“Alright, this is just a misunderstanding. Dustin must’ve been misled by some news.” Henry tried to smooth things over.
“Yeah! It’s all just a misunderstanding.”
John smiled and tried to change the topic. “Oh, Dahlia, you were saying you’re starting a company with the Harmon family. How’s it going?”
“I’ve become partners with the Harmon family and signed the contract. Our new company will be officially launched in two days. We’ll be having an opening ceremony at that time. Feel free to join if you have the time,” Dahlia offered with a smile.
It was her goal to work with the Harmon family. “Is that so? That’s awesome. I’ll be sure to attend!” John answered happily.
“Dahlia, I didn’t expect you to partner with the Harmon family. We’ll be able to gain a stronger foothold in Swinton in the future.” Henry was very relieved.
“Chris helped out a lot in this matter. If he hadn’t pulled some strings, we would never even be eligible to partner with the Harmon family.” Dahlia spoke as she turned to face Henry.
“Dad, not only that, today when Trevor tried to cause Dahlia trouble, Chris called for Mr. Anderson, who helped her out of the situation!” James added.
“Is that so? Then I’ll have to thank you, Chris!” James raised his glass and gave Chris a toast. “It’s nothing. I was just helping out.” Chris raised his glass in response.
“You must be very influential to be able to ask for Mr. Anderson. But some people who don’t know any better even tried to accuse the Nolan family of going bankrupt. What a joke?” James commented in a condescending tone.
Dustin sipped his wine quietly, acting as if he did not hear a thing. Although he knew the truth, he couldn’t be bothered to reveal it, because they wouldn’t believe him. The truth would prevail when the Nolan family went bankrupt.
As they continued to drink, the atmosphere at the table loosened up more. Compared to Dustin, who had been left out, Chris was the center of attention. They surrounded him and greeted him warmly, laughing heartily. However, no one in the Nicholson family realized they were sinking into a mire of their own making.
he following morning at the Hummer Villa. As the richest man in Swinton, Edwin was drinking tea leisurely with an old man.
“Mr. Lawson, it’s too bad that the lady was so cautious and left before the drug could take effect. Otherwise, I will definitely have subdued her!” Edwin lamented.
“Don’t worry, Mr. Hummer. She doesn’t have the antidote for the drug I gave her. She will definitely come begging if she doesn’t want to die. You can have your way with her then,” Fletcher joked.
“Is that so? That’s perfect!” Edwin’s eyes lit up. He had been longing for a thorny rose like Natasha for a long time. The thought of toying with such an exquisite woman in bed made his heart race.
“Sir Hummer…”
Suddenly, a bodyguard came and whispered something in Edwin’s ear. “What? Trevor is dead?”
Edwin’s face darkened and he demanded, “Who did it? Who dared touch my men? Trevor was his right–hand man and did his dirty deeds. His sudden death was quite a loss to Edwin.
“It was rumored to be his adopted son, Mason. That man was in a hurry to take over hist position, so he killed Trevor.”
“Mason?” Edwin narrowed his eyes, and thought, “That bastard is so cruel. He wouldn’t even. spare his adoptive father?”
“Mr. Hummer, I think there’s something fishy about this matter.” Fetcher had a suspicion.
“Huh? Did you think of something?” Edwin raised his eyebrows.
“Trevor called me yesterday, asking me to get rid of someone related to Hunter Anderson. I planned to ask him about it today, I didn’t expect him to pass so soon. Fetcher stroked his beard.
“So you think that person killed Trevor?” Edwin quickly understood what he was implying.
“That’s possible!” Fletcher nodded. “If that person is related to Hunter, this matter is not as simple as it seems.” Edwin rubbed his chin, deep in thought.
He had devoted all of his attention to the Harmon family, so if he were to provoke Hunter and both families joined forces, even he would be in deep trouble.
“Sir Hummer, I have an idea if you’re afraid of causing trouble.”
“Please, go on.”
“Doesn’t Trevor have an older brother, Travis? I heard he is serving in a warzone in the west. Besides, he is also a lieutenant who commands thousands of men. We could just inform him of the news of Trevor’s death, and let him do the rest. Then, we can sit back and watch the show!” Fletcher smiled sinisterly.
“That’s a great idea!” Edwin’s eyes lit up. make use of him! “With a reckless man like Travis leading the way, I can definitely
At the same time, in the office of the Jackson Group. Just as Dahlia took a seat, Lyra knocked on her door and entered.
“Ms. Nicholson! Something bad has happened!” “What is it?” Dahlia felt her chest tighten. “I heard there was a massacre at the Drey Group and Trevor was murdered!” Lyra’s words shocked her.
“What? Travis was murdered?” Dahlia was dumbfounded. He was Sir Spanner! The King of the Underground in East City, who did business with both lawful and unlawful people. How could he just die?
Besides, they had just seen each other yesterday.
“I’m not too sure of the details, but news on this has been released.” At this point, Lyra asked in a hushed voice, “Ms. Nicolson, do you think this has anything to do with
Dustin?”
“Dustin?”
###Chapter 37 by Marina Vittori
The following morning at the Hummer Villa. As the richest man in Swinton, Edwin was drinking tea leisurely with an old man.
“Mr. Lawson, it’s too bad that the lady was so cautious and left before the drug could take effect. Otherwise, I will definitely have subdued her!” Edwin lamented.
“Don’t worry, Mr. Hummer. She doesn’t have the antidote for the drug I gave her. She will definitely come begging if she doesn’t want to die. You can have your way with her then,” Fletcher joked.
“Is that so? That’s perfect!” Edwin’s eyes lit up. He had been longing for a thorny rose like Natasha for a long time. The thought of toying with such an exquisite woman in bed made his heart race.
“Sir Hummer…”
Suddenly, a bodyguard came and whispered something in Edwin’s ear. “What? Trevor is dead?”
Edwin’s face darkened and he demanded, “Who did it? Who dared touch my men? Trevor was his right–hand man and did his dirty deeds. His sudden death was quite a loss to Edwin.
“It was rumored to be his adopted son, Mason. That man was in a hurry to take over hist position, so he killed Trevor.”
“Mason?” Edwin narrowed his eyes, and thought, “That bastard is so cruel. He wouldn’t even. spare his adoptive father?”
“Mr. Hummer, I think there’s something fishy about this matter.” Fetcher had a suspicion.
“Huh? Did you think of something?” Edwin raised his eyebrows.
“Trevor called me yesterday, asking me to get rid of someone related to Hunter Anderson. I planned to ask him about it today, I didn’t expect him to pass so soon. Fetcher stroked his beard.
“So you think that person killed Trevor?” Edwin quickly understood what he was implying.
“That’s possible!” Fletcher nodded. “If that person is related to Hunter, this matter is not as simple as it seems.” Edwin rubbed his chin, deep in thought.
He had devoted all of his attention to the Harmon family, so if he were to provoke Hunter and both families joined forces, even he would be in deep trouble.
“Sir Hummer, I have an idea if you’re afraid of causing trouble.”
“Please, go on.”
“Doesn’t Trevor have an older brother, Travis? I heard he is serving in a warzone in the west. Besides, he is also a lieutenant who commands thousands of men. We could just inform him of the news of Trevor’s death, and let him do the rest. Then, we can sit back and watch the show!” Fletcher smiled sinisterly.
“That’s a great idea!” Edwin’s eyes lit up. make use of him! “With a reckless man like Travis leading the way, I can definitely
At the same time, in the office of the Jackson Group. Just as Dahlia took a seat, Lyra knocked on her door and entered.
“Ms. Nicholson! Something bad has happened!” “What is it?” Dahlia felt her chest tighten. “I heard there was a massacre at the Drey Group and Trevor was murdered!” Lyra’s words shocked her.
“What? Travis was murdered?” Dahlia was dumbfounded. He was Sir Spanner! The King of the Underground in East City, who did business with both lawful and unlawful people. How could he just die?
Besides, they had just seen each other yesterday.
“I’m not too sure of the details, but news on this has been released.” At this point, Lyra asked in a hushed voice, “Ms. Nicolson, do you think this has anything to do with Dustin?”
“Dustin?”
Dahlia pursed her lips and answered, “I don’t think so. Even if he fights well, he doesn’t have the guts to kill someone.
“That might not be the case.” Lyra shook her head and added mysteriously, “As the saying goes, desperate times call for desperate measures. Trevor would definitely not let the issue of his son becoming crippled slide. Dustin might risk everything in order to protect himself!”
Dahlia couldn’t help but frown at these words. That could indeed be the case.
“It’s a good thing that he died. At least we don’t have to worry about him anymore. In that case, Dustin might have done a good deed.” Lyra smiled. 1
“I’m afraid it’s not that simple,” Dahlia stated solemnly. “There’s a reason why Trevor could act so lawlessly. He has someone very influential supporting him. This man is our greatest worry!”
“Someone supporting him? Who is it?” Lyra asked curiously.
###Chapter 38 by Marina Vittori
“Edwin Hummer, the richest man in Swinton!” Dahlia answered.
“What? Sir Hummer?”
Lyra’s eyes widened in shock as if she had seen a ghost. Everyone knew that anything Sir Hummer said was obeyed without question in Swinton.
Trevor was big in East City, but Sir Hummer was the true master of Swinton. He was so powerful that he could just demand anything with the snap of his fingers. He was also very influential in business, politics, and the military.
Anyone who wronged Sir Hummer would face a fate worse than death.
“Ms. Nicholson, don’t tell me this matter really involves Sir Hummer?” Lyra gulped.
“It’s hard to say. Trevor was one of Sir Hummer’s men. Now that he was suddenly killed, Sir Hummer will definitely investigate this matter. It would be troublesome if Dustin was involved.” Dahlia’s expression darkened.
“Even if that were the case, it would be Dustin’s fault. It has nothing to do with us, right?” Lyra asked tentatively.
“This depends on how Sir Hummer sees this matter. If he thinks this has something to do with us, neither of us would be spared!” Dahlia added.
“What!” Lyra panicked immediately. She could still remain calm when facing Trevor. However, her legs trembled even thinking about Edwin Hummer.
“Ms. Nicholson, why don’t we ask Chris Nolan for help? Ask him to have Mr. Anderson intervene.” Lyra reacted quickly.
“I owe Chris too many favors. I don’t want to trouble him further.” Dahlia shook her head.
“Then what should we do? If Sir Hummer pursues this matter, aren’t we all in trouble?” Lyra cried.
“Don’t be flustered. I’m now partnered with the Harmon family. As long as we have their protection after the company’s launch tomorrow, Sir Hummer won’t be too harsh. on us,” she explained.
“That’s right! We still have the Harmon family!” Lyra revealed a smile. “As long as the ceremony goes smoothly, we’ll be under the Harmon family after the announcement.
Nobody would dare bully us!”
Now all their hope depended on the Harmon family.
In the evening, outside the gates of Spanner Manor.
Countless military vehicles roared. The car in front carried a flag with the words Western War Zone.”
ΓΙ
As the vehicle stopped, rows of heavily armed soldiers stepped down, one after another.
There was a murderous aura surrounding the area.
“Sir, we have arrived!” A commander walked up to the car and saluted.
The door quickly opened, and a burly middle–aged man in battle armor stepped out.
This man was the lieutenant of the western war zone, Travis Spanner.
“Uncle Travis! You’re finally here!”
At this moment, the doors of the manor opened slowly. Edward was being supported by two men as he limped out.
“Let me see the body,” Travis demanded.
Edward did not dare say anything else and immediately led the way.
There was a coffin right at the entrance to the living room. Trevor was lying inside, hist eyes tightly closed.
“What on earth happened? Why did your father die so suddenly?” Travis gritted his teeth, a look of rage on his face. He only had one brother. Naturally, he was furious that he had been murdered.
“It‘ was Mason! That ungrateful brat killed Dad!” Edward began to whine. “Mason? He’s nothing but a bastard. He wouldn’t have the guts.” Travis narrowed his eyes.
course, not hirm alone. I guess he worked with someone on the outside who wanted to take advantage of this at the same time!” Edward’s face was clouded with hatred.
“Did your dad make enemies with anyone recently?” Travis asked. “Uh… Dad easily offends people, but they’re all insignificant people,” Edward explained.
###Chapter 39 by Marina Vittori
“So you don’t know anything after all?” Travis frowned. “It all happened too suddenly. I was at a loss for a while.”
“Useless! You’re no better than a bastard!” Travis snorted coldly, not bothering to say another word, and gave an order. “Someone investigate this matter at once! I don’t care what it takes. Find me the murderer, even if you have to turn the entire Swinton upside down!”
Before the matter of Trevor’s death could come to a rest, there was a surprising announcement the next day. The Harmon family had decided on a partner, and today would be the opening ceremony of the new company. Once the news was released, everyone came forward to offer their congratulations.
At 8.00 am, luxurious cars were already gathered at the entrance of the Emerald Building. However, Natasha, one of the important attendees, was not present. Instead, she was drinking coffee leisurely at some coffee shop.
“Over here, Mr. Rhys.” As soon as she saw Dustin enter, she jumped to her feet and waved.
“Isn’t today the opening ceremony of your new company? Why did you want to meet here?”
Dustin sat across from her.Natasha was wearing a white blouse and a skirt today. Her dark hair was tied in a bun, making her look even more mature. Her top wrapped tightly around her chest, looking as if it were about to pop.
“It’s only the opening ceremony. A date with you is much more important.” Natasha blinked her eyes teasingly. Her fiery red lips were so alluring.
“Ms. Harmon, stop joking. Let’s talk business.” Dustin was starting to be flustered.
“Alright, I won’t beat around the bush.” She smiled and asked, “Mr. Rhys, does Trevor’s death have anything to do with you?”
“Why are you asking?” Dustin raised his eyebrows.
“I’m just curious. Although Trevor is a reckless bastard, he has many men. It’s not easy to kill him. I thought for some time, and it seemed only you, Mr. Rhys, had the ability to do so.” Natasha was deep in thought.
“Haha! Ms. Harmon, you think too highly of me.” Dustin laughed without giving a straight answer.
“Trevor’s death is nothing. It wouldn’t affect the situation in Swinton. But the problem is the men behind him,” Natasha continued.
“Are you talking about Edwin Hummer?”
“He is one of them. But he won’t do anything disadvantageous to himself because of Trevor. He’s easier to deal with. “Do you mean Trevor has other patrons?”
“That’s right. He has a brother, Travis. He’s a lieutenant with great power. He can’t be underestimated!” Natasha spoke in a grave tone.
Even the Harmon family did not want to go against people involved in the military. This was also why she did not immediately retaliate when Trevor had kidnapped her.
“Thanks for the warning, Ms. Harmon. I’ll take note of this.“Dust in nodded, his heart filled with gratitude.
“Oh, there’s also another thing.” Natasha changed the topic, continuing by saying, ” Regarding the ambergris, I already have the results. According to the investigation, the one who drugged me is known as Mr. Lawson.”
“Mr. Lawson? What’s his background?” Dustin asked. “This man is the same as Trevor. He’s Edwin’s right–hand man. However, his identity is a mystery. He has been living behind the scenes, giving advice, and carrying out. shady activities.”
“What are you going to do?”
“I want to cut off Edwin’s limbs and teach him a lesson! But… my men are not able to deal with such people, so I have to ask for your help,” Natasha gently implored.
“Lure him out and create an opportunity for me to deal with him,” Dustin answered casually.
“Thank you, Mr. Rhys!” Natasha smiled and added, “I’ve invited Edwin to the opening of the new company today. Mr. Lawson will also be there. You can carry out your plan then.”
“Okay.” Dustin nodded.
“Mr. Rhys, it’s almost time. Let’s go.”
The two did not linger for long. After finishing the coffee, they headed toward the Emerald building.
At this moment, there was a big crowd in front of the building. As they stepped down from the car, they saw Dahlia and her family entering the venue. Dahlia was part of the new company, so it wasn’t surprising to see a representative of the Nicholson family here.
“Dustin, why do I keep running into you?” a voice came from behind. Dustin turned around only to be met with the sight of Chris Nolan.
###Chapter 40 by Marina Vittori
“I don’t recall Dahlia inviting you. Are you really so shameless?” Chris sneered. “I invited Dustin. Do you have a problem with that?”
Natasha took a few steps forward. Her domineering stance made Chris take a few steps back.
“Hmph! You’re a man that needs a woman to stand up for you? What a useless man!” Chris grimaced disdainfully. He added, “And you! You’ll regret it sooner or later, staying with this trash!”
“What does that have to do with you? Stay away from me!” Natasha snorted coldly. She
put her arms around Dustin and walked into the hall without a care.
“Stupid bitch! You’re so full of yourself! I’ll get you in bed one day!” Chris gritted hist
teeth as he watched them walk away. He couldn’t understand why someone as useless
as Dustin was so good with women.
“Chris, you’re here to join the fun too?”
A fashionably dressed man exited a Maybach.
“Hey! Isn’t that Jeff Anderson? You’re here too?”
Chris’s eyes lit up.
It was none other than Hunter Anderson’s son, Jeff Anderson!
“The Harmon family is launching a new company, so I had to come!” Jeff smiled.
“Jeff! The Harmon family is honored to have someone like you attend the opening ceremony!” Chris started to butter him up.
“Nonsense! Even my dad has to show respect before the Steel Lady. What a business. prodigy! I’m nothing compared to her.” Jeff was very composed.
“You’re being modest.”
Chris smiled smugly, and quickly changed the topic. “Speaking of the Steel Lady, I’ve never seen her before today. I wonder if she is as beautiful as they say?”
“Among the Four Beauties of Swinton, Natasha ranks first. Her beauty is unmatched. It’s a shame that no man can get their hands on such an exquisite woman.” Jeff
lamented.
“Not even you?” Chris was stunned.
“Bullshit! I would be honored even to carry her shoes!” Jeff rolled his eyes. He dared not speak informally of someone of equal status to his father.
“If even you aren’t worth it, what hope is there for the rest of us.” Chris sighed.
“To be honest, someone like the Steel Lady couldn’t care less about a man’s background. As long as she likes him, even a pauper could become a prince!” Jeff added.
“Someone so lucky wouldn’t exist!” Chris shook his head.
“That’s hard to say,” Jeff said with a chuckle, and continued, “Truth be told, I heard a rumor that the Steel Lady has found herself a boyfriend. She even plans to push him to the top in Swinton.”
“Huh? Is that true?” Chris was so startled his body quivered with excitement.
“Why would I lie to you about this? I guess you’ll be able to see it soon,” Jeff quipped.
“Who is so lucky to get her attention?” Chris narrowed his eyes, his gaze filled with jealousy and admiration. After all, she was a business prodigy, one of the wealthiest people in Swinton. Not only did she have money and power, but she was also breathtaking. Such an exquisite woman was as rare as a four–leaf clover.
“I don’t know who it is, but I’m sure if you could get on good terms with him, you would have a bright future!” Jeff reminded him.
“When you put it like that, I really want to know this guy.” His eyes lit up, and he quickly asked, “Jeff, you’re quite influential. Can you get me an introduction?”
“An introduction? I have yet to be introduced and you want me to introduce you?” Jeff answered exasperatedly.
Before coming, his father had asked him to strike up an acquaintance with this new guy. As long as they could become friends, he wouldn’t have to worry for the rest of his
life.
“I’ve told you what I can. It depends on yourself to change your fate.” Jeff couldn’t be bothered to say more. He waved his hand and entered the venue.
Chris smiled apologetically and trailed in behind. At this moment, he looked forward to meeting this person. Now that the Nolan family was facing bankruptcy, he could
get help from the Harmon family and overcome this matter if he could get acquainted with this guy.
Then he wouldn’t need to abscond with the money.
###Chapter 41 by Marina Vittori
As time passed, more guests arrived to give their congratulations. The entire venue was filled with people. A famous entertainer was also putting on a performance on the main stage. Below, the guests were talking and laughing over some wine.
“Dahlia, this is a nice place. You would be the owner in the future, right?” Florence glanced around, thrilled.
“Mom, I’m just partners with the Harmon family. I’m merely a secondary stakeholder even if we established a company together,” Dahlia explained.
“That’s good enough. Once we get on the same boat with the Harmon family, we won’t have to worry in the future!” Florence was delighted.
“Sis! Your career is booming right now. You must have made a lot of money, right? When are you getting me a nice car?” James smiled flatteringly beside her.
“I give you quite a lot of pocket money every month. Is it not enough?” Dahlia asked unhappily. She did not like giving handouts, even to her own brother.
“It used to be enough. But I’ve invested all my savings into Nolan Pharmaceuticals, so now I’m broke,” James said exasperatedly.
“Then you just sit and wait for the dividends,” Dahlia said dismissively. As she turned around, she caught sight of Dustin and Natasha out of the corner of her eye.
“You invited Dustin here? What a downer!” James followed her line of view and
frowned.
“I didn’t,” Dahlia denied flatly.
“He came without any invitation? That’s so shameless!” James grimaced. Then hist gaze landed on Natasha, and he immediately perked up. “Hey, who’s that beauty next to him? She’s stunning!”
“What beauty? She’s a vixen!” Florence continued rather calmly, “She was the one causing trouble at the Jackson Group, and I nearly slapped her!”
“It was her?” James‘ tone turned cold, and he spat, “Shit! Dustin is so heartless. How dare he bring this bitch to such an important occasion today? He’s such an eyesore!”
“Look, Dahlia, he’s finally revealed his true colors. It’s a shame. You were so nice to him, yet he’s so ungrateful, and even tried to ruin this occasion. I have to teach him a lesson today!” As she spoke, Florence got ready to confront him. 
“Mom! Today is the opening ceremony, don’t cause any trouble!” Dahlia quickly grabbed her mother. She knew once her mother started making a scene, it would not end well.
“Hmph! I’ll let him get away with it this time!” Although Florence was very upset, she tried to calm herself down. No matter what, she couldn’t embarrass her own daughter.
“Dahlia, you’re here?” Chris brought Jeff and walked over with a smile.
“Here, I want to introduce you to someone.”
“This is Mr. Anderson’s son, Jeff!” Chris stretched out his hand as if he was presenting something valuable.
“So, you’re Jeff Anderson? It’s a great pleasure to meet you!” James immediately tried. to curry favor with him. This was Swinton’s most distinguished elite, and he had at much more respected status than him.
“I didn’t expect you to come, Mr. Anderson! The Nicholson family is honored!” Florence was smiling broadly.
Needless to say, Mr. Anderson’s son had to be some big shot.
“Nice to meet you, Jeff.” Dahlia smiled and greeted him warmly.
“You must be Ms. Nicholson. It seems the rumors are true, you’re really stunning!” Although he had never met Dahlia, he had heard of her. She was one of the Four Beauties in Swinton and a rising star.
###Chapter 42 by Marina Vittori
His dad had also warned him never to get involved with a woman like Dahlia Nicholson. “You’re too kind.” Dahlia smiled politely.
“Dahlia, I have good news for you.” Chris suddenly changed the topic and said, “I heard from Jeff that even the Steel Lady will be present for today’s grand opening.”
“Oh? Is that so? That would be perfect!” Dahlia raised an eyebrow in pleasant surprise. Previously, only the Harmons‘ general manager was present to sign contracts or discuss business matters. She had never met the daughter of the Harmon family. However, she had heard of Natasha before.
Ever since Andrew retired, she took over the entire Harmon family’s business unaided. She relied entirely on herself to build and flourish the Harmon family business to greater success. In a way, they were both very similar to each other. Dahlia even regarded Natasha as her idol.
Yet, it was a shame that she had never even met Natasha up to this day.
Now that she knew Natasha would be present today, Dahlia looked forward to it greatly. She was really interested in how this business prodigy carried herself.
“Sis! I heard that Natasha Harmon is one of Swinton’s Four Beauties. She must be very beautiful. Can you set me up with her after you get to know her?” James asked with
anticipation.
“Yeah! James is no longer young. It’s time to discuss his marriage. If he can get to know Ms. Harmon, it’s fine even if he took their last name instead!” Florence immediately lit
up.
“Mom! What nonsense are you saying? Why would Ms. Harmon ever set her eyes on James?” Dahlia said harshly.
“Hmmm, I disagree. What’s wrong with James? He’s young, muscular, and handsome. It’s more than enough for Ms. Harmon!” Florence boasted.
“That’s right! Look at my muscles! Women go crazy over them!” James flexed his biceps confidently.
Dahlia was speechless as she watched them. She was starting to regret inviting them
here.
“Ms. Harmon is already taken. We can stop daydreaming about it,” Chris interjected.
Chapter 42
“Does that mean I don’t have a chance?” James continued dejectedly, “Who’s the lucky. bastard to get Ms. Harmon’s attention?”
“I don’t know. We’ll find out soon.” Chris smiled.
“Huh! I really want to see if he’s as handsome as me!” James was quite irked.
The performance on the stage had ended. The host took the stage, and the crowd quietened down.
“Welcome, everyone! The grand opening has officially begun! Now, please give a warm welcome to Ms. Harmon!”
As the host gave the introduction, the guests gave a round of applause..
“She’s here! Ms. Harmon is here!” Chris and the others immediately perked up and turned toward the stage, their eyes filled with excitement.
“Is she finally revealing herself?” Dahlia mumbled eagerly.
A young and stunning lady slowly took the stage under the watchful eyes of everyone
else.
Three beams of spotlights instantly focused on her. However, everyone was dumbfounded when they saw her.
“It’s her?”
###Chapter 43 by Marina Vittori
“How can it be her?” Dahlia was shocked when she saw Natasha on the stage. Her face was filled with astonishment. Never in her wildest dreams did she expect that the Ms. Harmon she longed to meet was her rival!
“Mom, isn’t this that bitch? Why is she on the stage?” James widened his eyes, unable to react otherwise.
“This can’t be? She is Ms. Harmon?” Florence was so shocked her tongue was tied and her lips quivered.
She couldn’t believe the woman she thought was a vixen was the Harmon family’s daughter!
“Why? Why is it her?” Chris looked as if he had been struck by lightning, his face was as pale as a sheet of *paper, and his eyes filled with disbelief. He never imagined the woman by Dustin’s side was Swinton’s
business prodigy! Her mere existence is unparalleled to others.
Cold sweat dripped down his forehead as he thought of his actions before. What should he do? He seemed to have offended Natasha.
“Chris, have you met Ms. Harmon before?” Jeff was quick to notice something was odd. “I’ve… met her, and we had an altercation.” Chris swallowed hard as he was obviously nervous.
“You dared to offend Ms. Harmon? You really have guts!” Jeff gave him a thumbs–up mockingly. Natasha did not get to where she was today by being kind and forgiving.
“Jeff! I was careless before and offended Ms. Harmon. Can you put in a good word for me?” Chris suddenly became nervous and grabbed Jeff’s hand. 1
“Chris, I really can’t help you out with this. You should pray!” Jeff shook Chris off and left. He wasn’t crazy enough to get on Ms. Harmon’s bad side because of someone so insignificant.
“I’m done for.” Chris’s face turned to ash as he watched Jeff leave. It would be fine if Natasha were forgiving and let it slide. But if she were to seek revenge, she could destroy him with just a word!
At the same time, others in the crowd were shocked as well. “Mr. Lawson, didn’t you say Natasha would come begging after being poisoned? Why does she look fine?”
Edwin’s face darkened as he watched the slim figure on the stage.
“That’s weird. She should not be able to fight it. Could it be that someone had given her the antidote?” Fletcher narrowed his eyes in surprise.
“Huh! Is this the allegedly cureless paison?” Edwin was very dissatisfied. He knew something was wrong from the moment he received the invitation. Now that he had seen Natasha in excellent health, he knew his plant had failed.
“Sir Hummer, accidents happen. No mere doctor is able to cure my polson unless she had someone special by her side.” Fletcher said, deep in thought.
“Someone special? Who?” Edwin furrowed his eyebrows. “Sir Hummer, did you notice the young man standing next to her before?” Fletcher pointed toward Dustin.
“Do you mean there’s something particular about that guy?” Edwin followed his gaze.
“That’s right. This man has a steady hand and good control of his breath. He looks like he practices medicine,” Fletcher said, nodding his head.
“Is he difficult to deal with?” Edwin took a closer look. He didn’t notice anything out of the ordinary. He’s nothing but a gold digger.
“He’s a small fry not even worth mentioning.” Fletcher was very confident.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Chapter 44 by Marina Vittori
“Okay. Deal with him quickly. I don’t want any further accidents!” Edwin’s expression softened. “Don’t worry, Sir Hummer. My two boys will take care of it without a hitch!” Fletcher smiled faintly. He took out his phone and sent a text message.
In contrast to the commotion offstage, Natasha remained very calm. “Welcome to our company’s grand
opening ceremony.”
Natasha held the microphone, her eyes sweeping across the room. Her domineering aura, along with her cold and sharp eyes, were all fitting for her position as a beautiful business prodigy.
“Everyone knows the Harmon family has made a new partner. From today onward, a portion of the Harmon family business will be handed over to said partner.” She looked around and continued, “I believe everyone is
curious as to who this partner is. Don’t worry, I’ll reveal the answer soon! Now, let us give a round of applause and invite Ms. Nicholson onto the stage!”
As she finished, Natasha started to clap. Soon after, thunderous applause followed. “Dahlia! You’re up!” Florence quickly nudged the woman next to her.
Dahlia immediately came back to her senses. Although she was shocked about who Natasha was, she did not have a choice but to proceed now. She took in a deep breath and pretended as if nothing had happened as she walked up the stage.
“Wow! It’s another stunning lady? We’re really blessed today!”
“Both are equally beautiful but with a different flair. I’d be willing to give up ten years of my life just to have both of them in my arms!”
“Shit! What man is worthy of such women?”
As Dahlia approached the stage, there was instantly a stirring in the crowd. Natasha was striking enough, but Dahlia’s presence made the crowd even more excited. It was such a rare occurrence to be graced with the presence of two beautiful ladies.
“We meet again, Ms. Nicholson.” Natasha reached out her hand with a smile.
“I didn’t expect you to be the president of the Harmon Group.” Dahlia shook her hand politely, a bewildered look in her eyes.
She should’ve known earlier. Such a beautiful and elegant woman with the surname Harmon who had happened to appear two days before the charity ball. If she connected the dots, this woman must be none other than Natasha Harmon.
However, she did not come to this conclusion because she had been clouded with emotions.
Or rather, she never believed Dustin would be involved with such a reputable family.
“It’s not too late to get to know each other.” Natasha beamed. “Oh, right. We still have a bet, don’t we?”
“That’s right.” Dahlia nodded calmly.
“Do you still think you can win?” Natasha raised her chin defiantly.
“I believe I can, if you don’t intrude.” Dahlia’s gaze was filled with determination, and she did not back down. She had always thought of Natasha as her adversary. Now that they met, she could have a worthy challenge.
“Don’t worry, I won’t help him. Besides, he doesn’t need my help. Truth be told, he is much more capable than us!” Natasha smiled.
“Love is blind. There’s no lie in that.” Dahlia smiled faintly.
“It seems like you don’t believe me. If that’s the case, time will tell.” Natasha smiled, not wanting to explain any further. She believed that one day Dahlia would understand.
“But, by then, it would be all too late.
###Chapter 45 by Marina Vittori
The two women were chatting eagerly on the stage as if they were old friends. However, only a few would realize these two were locked in rivalry. Just like two beautiful roses competing. Both were beautiful yet filled with prickling thorns.
Dahlia did not feel inferior or dejected, although Natasha had a prestigious background. In fact, it made her more motivated to compete! She had always held herself high and did not give up easily. No matter what difficulties she faced, she would overcome them! It didn’t matter that Natasha was known as Swinton’s business prodigy. One day, she would be equal to her, or she might even surpass her! 1
“I believe everyone has witnessed Ms. Nicholson’s charm! Next, I want to introduce another young man. Not only did he save me, but he also helped out the Harmon family a lot. He is undoubtedly the Harmon family’s savior!”
The crowd stirred again once she finished. Everyone looked at each other with awe and curiosity. Who on
earth would Natasha call a savior?
“Chris, could you be the savior she means?” Jeff muttered coldly. In his opinion, only an outstanding young man like Chris could fit Natasha’s description.
“Chris, I didn’t know you were so important to the Harmon family! Congratulations!” Florence smiled brightly, immediately thinking it was Chris.
Chris was speechless. The corners of his mouth twitched as he didn’t know how to react. He was nothing.
How could he be the Harmon family’s savior? He wouldn’t need to face bankruptcy if he were so capable.
“Could it be him?” Chris suddenly thought of someone but quickly dismissed the thought.
No! It wasn’t possible! How could a useless nobody be a savior to the Harmon family?
Under everyone’s anticipating eyes, Natasha paused before saying, “Alright, I won’t beat around the bush.
Now, let’s give a warm welcome to Mr. Rhys!” Natasha waved her hand, and a spotlight shone on Dustin. Everyone’s gaze immediately turned over.
“Dustin? How could it be him?” James was at a loss for words when he recognized who it was. His mouth was agape in shock.
“It can’t be! The Harmon family’s savior is that trash, Dustin?” At this moment, Florence was also in a state of shock. Her impression of Dustin was someone insignificant and weak. He wasn’t capable, nor did he have a good background. How could he have become the Harmon family’s savior out of the blue?
“How? How is it him?” Chris gritted his teeth, his hands balled into a fist. Rather than shock, he felt more
jealous and frustrated. How? How had that trash catch Natasha’s eye?
Was he worse than Dustin? In terms of looks, he was better looking. In terms of money, he was the richer. His family background was also far superior to Dustin’s. He was more capable and excellent in every way.
However, though that woman could recognize a gem, she had gone for some cheap guy.
Why was that so?
Chris’s face was clouded with hatred and resentment.
“It really is him.” As the lights shone on Dustin, Dahlia was surprised and puzzled. She also felt an Inexplicable surge of emotions.
However, Dustin wasn’t happy to be the center of attention at all.
“What is this woman thinking? She didn’t mention that I had to be on stage.” Dustin furrowed his eyebrows, unable to make sense of her actions. After a moment of hesitation, he made his way up.
Murmurs went through the crowd.
“Who is this? I’ve never seen him.”
“I heard he’s Ms. Harmon’s boyfriend. She wants to take the opportunity to give him some publicity in this opening ceremony.”
“Ha! So he’s just a gold digger!”
The crowd started to speculate and discuss. Obviously, many looked down on a man that depended on a woman.
“I’m very grateful to Mr. Rhys. He’s also the Harmon family’s savior. I hope everyone will get to know him
better in the future.” Natasha smiled and wrapped her arms around his shoulders. Her gaze fell on Dahlia at the same time, as if to assert dominance. Dahlia didn’t even flinch and remained composed. She even raised her chin provokingly as if to say Natasha could pick up after her trash. Thus, the two women began another battle. Neither wanted to step aside, their gaze burned into each other.
At this moment, Dustin realized something was wrong.
When had the two of them gotten into a dispute? Weren’t they partners? Why did it seem as if they were more like rivals?
After a few seconds, they looked away at the same time–They were evenly matched.
“Ms. Nicholson, I look forward to working with you.” Natasha reached out her hand once again.
“I look forward to working with you too,” Dahlia replied with a smile.
“Sorry, but I’ll have to pass the company matters to you now. Dustin and I have something urgent to do. Please, excuse us.” Natasha smiled and led Dustin down the stage with her arms around his. Dustin never uttered a word up till this moment.
He was just an ornament.
“Ms. Harmon…” As they came down, Chris approached to say a few words. However, Natasha didn’t even look at him and spat, “Get lost!”
Chris froze when she spoke. His last strand of hope fizzled up in flames. He knew Natasha would not let this slide easily. He even started to suspect that the Harmon family was behind the investigation into his company.
“These bastards! Since you’re so merciless, I won’t make it easy for you either,” he thought. He glared at them and left.
“Dustin!” Dahlia tried to chase him down. Her gaze was fathomless, shining as if she wanted to say something.
“Go ahead, Mr. Rhys. I’ll wait for you in the lounge.” Natasha smiled and let go of him. This was because she was confident in herself.
“You wanted to see me?” Dustin slowly turned around.
“I wanted to ask if the Harmon family choosing me as their partner had anything to do with you,” Dahlia clarified without skipping a beat. This matter had been on her mind ever since she found out who Natasha was.
Now that she knew Dustin’s standing in Natasha’s heart, she was starting to have greater doubts.
###Chapter 46 by Marina Vittori
“I don’t understand what you mean.” Dustin kept a straight face and played dumb. He was not one to claim credit or recognition for what he had done. Since things had ended between them, he hoped they wouldn’t be involved with each other in any way.
“It really wasn’t you?” Dahlia still had some doubts. “Ms. Nicholson, I think there’s some misunderstanding. How can someone as useless as me help you?” Dustin replied coldly.
“Maybe I was wrong.” There was a hint of disappointment in her eyes as she added, “That’s right. Why would you help me? After all, we’re no longer together. Besides, you’re not capable of doing so.”
“As you said, I have no money or power. I’m nothing compared to Chris. Is there anything else?” Dustin’s face remained blank. 1
“No. You can go back to Ms. Harmon,” Dahlia said scornfully. “Alright, please excuse me.” Dustin did not say much more and quickly caught up with Natasha, who deliberately walked slower.
“Mr. Rhys, it seems Ms. Nicholson still has some feelings for you,” Natasha teased. “Feelings?” Dustin laughed mockingly, “It’s good enough that we haven’t turned against each other.”
“You can never read a woman’s heart. There may be things even she has yet to figure out.” Natasha smiled and tried to change the topic. “Oh, you mentioned you still need some rare herbs?”
“Why? Have you found them?” Dustin immediately perked up.
“Not yet. But I know someone who can help you. He was bom into a family of doctors, and he collects many valuable herbs. Maybe he has what you need,” Natasha explained.
“Oh? Who is it?” Dustin inquired. “Follow me and you’ll find out.” Natasha didn’t give more details. She took Dustin’s hand and went to the lounge on the second floor. There were two men in the lounge room. One of them was Natasha’s grandfather, Andrew Harmon. The other was a burly man who looked about a couple of decades older than Dustin.
The man was wearing a suit that made his muscles bulge. He had a calm expression on his face. It was apparent he was no ordinary person. “Mr. Rhys, you’re here! Have a seat!” Andrew immediately gestured for him to sit once Dustin entered the room.
“How are you feeling, Old Mr. Harmon?” Dustin asked politely.
“Much better. It’s all thanks to you. If not, I would have lost my life.” Andrew smiled.
“It’s nothing.” Dustin said modestly.
“Mr. Rhys, I would like to introduce someone to you.”
Natasha pointed at the other man. “This is Duane Welch, an expert in medicine. He’s from Millsburg and has a lot of experience. You can ask him if you need anything concerning medicine.”
“I’ve met you before.” Dustin nodded.
“I didn’t know you were going to introduce someone so young to me. I don’t know if he has what it takes.” Duane sized him up disdainfully. He had personally come because he heard there was a famous doctor in Swinton. He hadn’t expect it to be this unremarkable boy.
What a waste of his time! “Mr. Welch, you can’t judge a book by its cover. I’ve personally witnessed Mr. Rhys‘ skill. He’s on par with other experienced doctors!” Natasha reassured him.
“Is that so? If that’s the case, he should evaluate me and see if he could diagnose anything.“Duane started to get ready for an evaluation. It was obvious he was trying to make things difficult for Dustin.
“There’s no need. I can recognize what disease you have in a glance,” Dustin responded. “In a glance?” Duane was slightly startled. “Are you joking? You can diagnose me by just looking? Even the
senior doctors in Millsburg can’t do that!” “I don’t know if others can do it. But I can indeed see what disease you have.” Dustin was very certain.
“Alright! Then I would really like to know what you have diagnosed!” Duane joked lightly.
“You have a weak pulse, and you often become breathless. Your chest area especially is infected, and in addition to the internal injuries you suffered before, you are now terminally ill!” Dustin explained in a breath.
“Terminally ill? Ha! What nonsense!”
Duane chuckled coldly. “Young man, don’t you know that I’ve led an active lifestyle since I was young? My body is very strong. Besides, I take a lot of supplements. I’m basically invincible to any disease! How dare you say I’m terminally ill? What a joke!”
“You’re only healthy physically. The real disease is internal. Also, you should stop taking those supplements as they would only make your condition worse. Once it breaks out, there will be no turning back!” Dustin warned.
“What a load of bullshit! I’ve been taking those supplements since I was young and nothing has happened in 40 years. Now you’re telling me they don’t work?” Duane was very unhappy about this.
“I’m just warning you. If you continue, you will have a thyroid infection in three days!” Dustin advised.
“You’re not fooling me! I’ve encountered a lot of scammers like you!” Duane said disdainfully.
“Mr. Welch, Dustin is a skilled doctor. You better not take his words lightly.” Natasha reminded him gently. “Natasha, I think you have been scammed. I know my body well. I’m not sick at all. He’s just trying to scare us!”
“Since you don’t believe it, why don’t we make a bet?”
“What is at stake?”
“It’s simple. If your disease breaks out within three days, you have to let Dustin pick anything from your collection of valuable herbs!”
“Alright! But what if I’m fine?”
“If you’re fine, you can come to the Harmon family’s treasury and pick any three items!” Natasha offered boldly.
“You stated the rules. Since you’re being so generous, I won’t hold back!” Duane chuckled.
Everything in the Harmon family’s treasury was an extraordinary item. Any three would be a rare collector’s item.
“Mr. Welch, a word of advice, it’s best if you don’t leave Swinton in these three days. If anything happens, I can still save you in time,” Dustin advised. “What a joke! Who am I? Do I need you to save me? Even if I were sick, I would never ask you to treat me!”
Duane said contemptuously. He wouldn’t even bother talking with this scammer if it weren’t for the Harmon family.
“There’s no point in saying more. The truth will prevail” Dustin smiled faintly without saying another word. He just hoped Duane’s rare herbs collection would have what he needed.
###Chapter 47 by Marina Vittori
“Mr. Harmon, I have to attend something else. Please, excuse me.” After a few exchanges, Duane got ready to leave. He had come because of a renowned doctor. He wouldn’t stay long since it was just a sham.
“Mr. Welch, I suggest you listen to Mr. Rhys‘ advice and stay around Swinton for these few days to avoid anything.” Natasha kindly reminded him.
“Natasha, you don’t have to worry about me. You should worry about yourself,” Duane piped up thoughtfully. “I remember your engagement to Tyler Grant is imminent. I don’t think a man like him would like it if you were
too close to other men.” Natasha couldn’t help but frown at these words. He had touched on a sensitive topic.
“It’s just an engagement. We’re not even married yet. At worst, I can break off the engagement,” Natasha answered casually.
“Break off the engagement? That’s the Grant family you’re talking about. Have you thought of the consequences of your actions?” Duane was slightly bewildered.
“What consequences would there be? They can’t do anything to me,” Natasha replied calmly.
“The Grant family might not do anything to you, but I’m not sure about the one next to you. You’re well aware of the Grant family’s ways. The closer you get to him, the more danger he’s in.”
Duane gazed toward Dustin. His implications were clear. “Hmph! I don’t believe Tyler would cause any trouble!” Natasha maintained an impassive face.
“I’m just reminding you. What you do is up to you.” Duane didn’t say more and left with a smile. “What Duane says is true. You’d better deal with the matter between you and the Grant family.” Andrew warned.
“Grandfather, I know what to do.” Natasha nodded.
Although they had been engaged since young, she had never fallen for him. How could she marry someone she doesn’t have feelings for? Besides, she despised arranged marriages the most!
“Ms. Harmon, Sir Hummer is requestign to see you,” a bodyguard informed her after entering.
“Edwin Hummer?” Natasha raised an eyebrow. “I was just about to see him. I didn’t expect him to come first. Bring him to the lounge, I’ll be there in a second.”
“Yes, Ms. Nicholson,” the bodyguard replied promptly and left.
“Mr. Rhys, I’m going to see what I can find out from Edwin. You can pretend to be my bodyguard and Improvise.” Natasha glanced at the man beside her. “Okay,” Dustin agreed and nodded his head.
Today’s ceremony was bait for the prey. Now that the prey was here, he could not pass on this opportunity.
Three minutes later, Dustin and Natasha arrived at another lounge. Edwin and Fletcher were leisurely enjoying some tea inside. Behind them were a pair of twins.
“Ms. Harmon, congratulations on your grand opening!” Edwin immediately congratulated her.
He seemed like a wolf in sheep’s clothing.
they were “Welcome. Sir Hummer. It’s a pleasure to have you here!” Natasha greeted cheerily. Although they enemies, they had to put on a cordial act.
“I see a few new faces around you. Aren’t you going to introduce them?” Natasha looked toward Fletcher and the other two men.
“Oh! This is an old friend of mine, Mr. Lawson. He helps me with my personal affairs. As for these two young “men, they’re his apprentices,” Edwin introduced them without hesitation.
“So you’re Mr. Lawson. It’s a pleasure to meet you.” Natasha smiled.
“Mr. Lawson, I have something to discuss with Ms. Harmon. You can leave the room.” Edwin gave them a look, hinting for them to leave.
“Yes, sir.”
###Chapter 48 by Marina Vittori
Fletcher threw a glance at Dustin and went out with his apprentices. “You should go out too.” Natasha gestured for him to exit the room. Dustin nodded and went out. They had a tacit understanding with each other, or in other words, they had ulterior motives.
“So, you’re Natasha’s personal bodyguard? You don’t look like much!” The twins sized Dustin up like he was their prey.
“Is that so? You’ll find out soon.” Dustin went down the stairs without another word. “Liam and Noah, follow him and get rid of him,” Fetcher ordered coldly.
In his opinion, he didn’t need to deal with an insignificant person like Dustin. His two apprentices could easily finish him off.
“No problem!” Liam and Noah grinned and followed him quietly. Once Dustin went downstairs, he strolled through the garden and entered the underground parking lot. The company had just launched, and the parking lot was still closed, so it was quiet and empty.
“Boy! You really know how to dig your own grave!”
At that moment, Liam and Noah finally revealed themselves. There was nobody here, so they could make a move.
“Don’t you know the prey may sometimes become the predator?” Dustin turned around slowly, as if it was all a part of his plan.
“I don’t know what you mean, but the prey is definitely you!” The two grinned grimly.
However, before they could make a move, there was a thunderous sound of footsteps. A group of thugs armed
with machetes and steel pipes rushed in.
“Huh, this is not enough to bruise us!” Liam and Noah grinned, not taking the thugs seriously at all. Dustin raised his eyebrow. He, too, felt it was a bit excessive. He didn’t need help to fight these two people.
“Dustin! Your time has come!” Chris yelled and walked out of the crowd.
“It’s you! Are you here to join the fun too?” Dustin narrowed his eyes in surprise. “Join the fun? I’m going to break you today!” Chris said viciously.
“I don’t think I have any beef with you,” Dustin stated calmly. “You may not, but I do!” Chris cried with resentment. “Who are you to deserve Ms. Harmon’s attention? How am I inferior to you? Why am I getting kicked aside like a dog? Why?” “You brought people here because of that?” Dustin was slightly confused. He really couldn’t understand how Chris’s mind worked. What was this, jealousy turned into wrath?
“Of course not! You’ve long been an eyesore to me! I haven’t been able to get with Dahlia because of you. Your entire existence is a stumbling block in my lifel” Chris roared. His hatred toward Dustin had slowly grown over time. He always thought he was a nobody, so he never took him seriously. However, he finally acknowledged him as a threat after finding out Natasha’s identity.
He may just be some gold digger, but he would become a threat if he stayed by Natasha’s side and stirred up trouble. Thus, he wanted to act first and destroy Dustin.
He refused to believe Natasha would fall for a useless piece of trash!
###Chapter 49 by Marina Vittori
“I’d advise you not to do that, or you will regret it.” Dustin remained calm and unbothered. Chris had always been nothing but a joke to him. “Ha! I know you practice some martial arts, but it’s not enough to defeat the men I hired. They’re all experts in martial arts. Besides, even if you can fight, you’d only get chopped up by my men!” Chris smiled coldly.
It was a completely different matter to fight with hand–to–hand combat than armed combat. He refused to believe Dustin could survive a weapon!
“Hey! I don’t know what grudge you hold against each other, but we set our eyes on him first. You’d better stand aside!” the twins yelled.
“Initially, they thought Chris and his men were Dustin’s backup, but they turned out to be his enemies.
“Who are these two idiots? Step aside, or we’ll deal with you too!” Chris glared at them and roared.
“Deal with us?” Liam and Noah glanced at each other and chuckled, “Haha! We’ve not met someone as
fearless as you in some time. Come, let us see what you and your men can do.”
They made some taunting gestures toward the men. “Fuck! You’re asking for it! Kill them all!” Chris didn’t waste another second and gave the order. The men
armed with knives and steel poles immediately stormed forward. “We should warm up.” Liam and Noah grinned and stepped forward. 1
What happened next shook Chris to the core. The twins waved their bare fists around and began to attack his men viciously. They moved at the speed of lightning, and their fists were extremely powerful. Every strike took one man down. Any unlucky fighters would die right on the spot!
Chris realized something frightening. Their hands seemed to be cast from metal. One punch could create a hole through the wall. One kick could bend the steel rod in half.
These people weren’t human. These two were clearly monsters! In just a few minutes, Liam and Noah managed to defeat all the thugs. Not a single one of them remained.
Their strength was astonishingly overpowering! “How is this possible?” Chris was so frightened his lips quivered. He never expected these two ordinary men to be so powerful.
“What a bunch of trash! I haven’t even finished warming up!” Both Liam and Noah felt unsatisfied with their battle.
As they spoke, they turned to look at Chris, and he stumbled backward out of fear. “Coward!” Both of them couldn’t be bothered with Chris and turned around to focus on Dustin. “Now it’s your turn. I hope you can surprise us. Otherwise, this would be too easy.”
“Bring it on.” Dustin waved his hand with an unwavering expression. “Liam, let me have at it first!” Noah chuckled and leaped forward.
Chris, who had been frightened earlier, Immediately got excited as he watched this unfold. He could see that their target was Dustin. Although his men were all defeated, he would be glad as long as Dustin got beaten up too. He couldn’t help but look forward to it at the thought of the twins‘ performance just now.
“Dustin Rhys, aren’t you good at fighting? I would like to see how you escape these two monsters!” Chris laughed gleefully.
At this moment, Noah made a move. His body arched up slightly, and there was a sudden force. In an instant, his body sprung forward like a preying cheetah and slammed into Dustin powerfully. Even a cow would fall, let alone a person.
As Chris was gloating at the thought, Dustin suddenly moved. He reached out his hand at lightning speed, grabbed Noah’s neck, and threw him against the wall.
There was a loud explosion as Noah’s body made a hole in the wall. Noah groaned. He felt dizzy after being hit and had lost all his strength. All his bones felt as if they had shattered, and he couldn’t even move.
Noah had lost all fight in just one move. Dustin glared at him coldly. He grabbed Noah with one hand like he was nothing.
“Stop it!” Liam cried out in utter shock. He shot up and aimed a punch at Dustin’s back. A muffled thud followed his punch.
Dustin, who had been hit, stood as firm as a mountain. On the contrary, it was Liam who was sent flying miles away by the burst of energy. He landed harshly on a concrete wall and spat a mouthful of blood before he landed on the ground.
Liam was horrified as he looked down and realized the arm he used to punch Dustin had completely shattered. His internal organs had suffered severe damage. However, he still had surging energy in his body flowing out uncontrollably, like a wildfire that couldn’t be contained. Liam could not bear it anymore and spat out another mouthful of blood.
Chris was dumbfounded by what he saw. It was as if he had seen a ghost. He never imagined that the pair of twins who seemed so invincible Just now would be defeated by Dustin in a blink of an eye. They hadn’t even made any significant moves.
How could this be? This was impossible! Chris was so shocked his face turned to ash, and cold sweat dripped down his back.
He had been so sure of the twins‘ ability. Liam and Noah were able to easily take down 20 people before. He had never seen such dauntless fighters! Logically speaking. It would be easy for them to deal with Dustin.
How did they fail right at the beginning? If these two were monsters, then wasn’t Dustin a beast amongst monsters?
###Chapter 50 by Marina Vittori
“Who on earth are you?” Liam trembled as he dragged himself over. His laidback expression had been replaced by shock and fear. Never did he imagine that his full strength could not even scratch his opponent. Instead, he had injured himself gravely.
Was this man even human? Fletcher had clearly told them he was just an ordinary martial artist. Why was he so powerful?
“Liam! Run away! Quickly!” Noah, who was pressed against the wall, yelled out at the top of his lungs.
The moment he crossed paths with Dustin, he realized that Dustin was much stronger than they had imagined. He had been able to render him completely useless with one move.
“Ah!” Liam cried out begrudgingly. Reluctantly, he abandoned his brother and ran away. He knew he couldn’t save him. He didn’t even have the power to fight Dustin to his death.
If Dustin was a mountain, they were nothing but ants. His punch just now had completely crushed his will to fight!
“I have to tell Fletcher! This man is too frightening. He shouldn’t be taken lightly, otherwise Fletcher will surely die!”
Liam’s desire to survive pushed him to rush out of the parking lot. He was only focused on one thought. He had to tell his master to leave Swinton and never return!
This man was someone they could never afford to offend! Dustin didn’t bother to chase after Liam because he knew Liam’s internal organs had suffered fatal damage. “Who on earth are you? Why are you in Swinton?” Noah was filled with fear, as if he had seen a ghost. If he knew someone so powerful existed by Natasha’s side, he wouldn’t dare to approach her even if he had the courage of a lion.
“That doesn’t matter. I’ll give you a chance. Tell me everything about Fletcher, and I’ll spare your life,” Dustin said coldly.
“You want me to betray him? In your dreams!” Noah glared at him and used his last remaining strength to tap on his amulet.
There was a crisp sound, and Noah bled to death in an instant. Dustin raised an eyebrow. He didn’t expect Noah to be so determined as to opt for suicide to prevent himself from spilling anything. Chris cowered in a corner, shivering after witnessing everything.
He quickly ran away without another word. He wouldn’t have provoked Dustin if he knew he was so powerful. Now he had brought trouble onto himself. He was speechless!
At the same time, In the lounge of the Emerald building. Edwin and Natasha were still conversing.
“Ms. Harmon, I have some business at home. Please, excuse me.” Edwin got ready to leave after the chat.
“Goodbye, Sir Hummer.” Natasha did not intend to stop them and watched as they left.
“Mr. Lawson, do you have any news from your apprentices?” Edwin immediately asked once they got in the car. “Maybe they wanted to have a bit more fun. Don’t worry, Sir Hummer. They will return after they deal with the matter.” Fletcher smiled calmly.
He was very confident in the apprentices he trained personally. They were twins, so they had a deep emotional connection. Their strength doubles once united. They were undoubtedly invincible in Swinton!
“That would be best.” Edwin nodded without another word and ordered the driver to get going. Soon, they arrived at the Hummer Villa. However, before they could settle down, a bodyguard rushed in and
cried, “Sir Hummer! Mr. Lawson! Liam has sustained fatal injuries. I don’t think he will make it!” “What?” Edwin and Fletcher’s faces immediately fell when they heard this.
“What nonsense are you saying? Liam is invincibly strong. Who could hurt him?” Fletcher was very distressed, and he grabbed the bodyguard by the collar. “It’s true! Liam is at the door right now. You have to see him now or it will be too late!” the bodyguard pleaded.
Fletcher did not waste any time. He pushed the bodyguard aside and left quickly. However, he lost his cool
when he saw the dying Liam when he arrived at the door. “Liam! What happened to you? Where’s Noah?” Fetcher’s eyes widened in disbelief.
“Noah… is dead. We were mistaken! You Leave!” Before Liam could finish his sentence, there was a splutter, and he spat a mouthful of blood on Fletcher’s face.
His head slumped and he died on the spot! “Liam!” Fetcher exclaimed, overcome with sorrow. He had carefully trained both apprentices to pass on the mantle. He didn’t expect them to die so suddenly.
“Why? Why did this happen? Who did this?” Fetcher held on to the body and cried. “I don’t know. Liam was already in this state when we found him.” The bodyguard shook his head.
“Mr. Lawson, Liam was very capable. How did he end up this way?” Edwin walked toward them at this moment.
Fletcher did not respond. He knelt down and inspected the body carefully.
“Broken bones and blood vessels, major organ damage. He must’ve met a powerful opponent!” After the inspection, Fetcher’s expression darkened.
“Are you saying that fellow by Natasha’s side is very powerful?” Edwin frowned. “His strength must not be taken lightly if he could destroy my apprentices. I made a wrong judgment!” Fletcher said in disappointment.
“Can you defeat him?” Edwin implored.
“Although this man is very strong, he’s still young. He can’t be more powerful than my 40 years of experience. I will kill him and take revenge for my apprentices!” Fletcher swore with determination.
“Mr. Lawson, since you’re proficient in the mystic arts. You should use what you’re confident in,” Edwin reminded him. He didn’t want any more accidents to occur.
“Hmph! This man killed my apprentices by beating them to death! I would return an eye for an eye and kill him
myself!” Fletcher gritted his teeth.
If he knew his apprentice died because of his attempt to punch Dustin, he would no longer have had this
###Chapter 51 by Marina Vittori
In a lounge at the Emerald building. Natasha greeted Dustin. “Mr. Rhys, you’re not hurt, are you?” Her eyes scanned him over in worry. “I’m fine.” Dustin shook his head and continued, “I’ve dealt with the twins. What do you plan on doing next?”
“Those two were some of Edwin’s most useful men. I think he will be very alarmed now that they are dead. We should take things slow lest we scare them away,” Natasha said. She did not want to burn the bridge between her and Edwin. She just wanted to teach him a lesson so he would back down. This was the best option.
“Alright. It’s up to you.” Dustin didn’t say more. “Oh, yes, you should take cover for the time being. I received news that Trevor’s brother, Travis, is back, and he’s hunting for the murderer.” Natasha’s tone and expression turned grave. She would not pick battles with the military. Travis was a general in the warzone. Even she had to think twice before getting on the wrong side of him.
“Thanks for the advice. I know what to do.” Dustin nodded. The position of general was a very powerful one. To someone ordinary, he held the power of life and death.
However, Dustin was not so afraid. Meanwhile, in the Spanner Villa. Travis stood by the coffin’s side with his eyes closed. Outside the living room, members of the Spanner family knelt on the ground. Everyone had their heads down. Not a word was spoken, and the atmosphere was very tense.
Trevor had died out of the blue, the traitor Mason had disappeared, and the murderer was nowhere to be found. The entire Spanner family was reeling from the loss.
“General! We’ve got something!” At this moment, an adjutant walked in.
“Who is the murderer?” Travis opened his eyes with a bloodthirsty look.
“We’re not sure who the murderer is. But, we’ve found someone related to him,” the adjutant explained.
“Be more specific.”
“According to our Investigation, two people went to the Drey Group before Trevor’s demise. One was the Quine Group’s president, Dahlia Nicholson. The other was Hunter Anderson, the president of Swinton’s Business Commerce!”
“You mean they are associated with the murderer?”
“Yes! Dahlia, especially, is the key to everything. Edward was crippled because of her. She must know the murderer’s identity!” the adjutant deduced.
“That’s right! That bitch ruined me! She has someone good at fighting on her side. They must have killed my father!” Edward immediately became agitated.
“Gather the troops! Arrest her immediately!” Travis stood up and said coldly after ordering. “I don’t care who the murderer is. I will destroy his whole family for killing someone from the Spanner family!”
That evening, the Nicholson family were celebrating Dahlia’s newly launched company in a restaurant.
“Sis, I’d like to raise a toast to you. I wish you success in the future!” James grinned and raised his glass.
The rest of them cheered and raised their glasses.
“Dahlia, you must be hiring since the company is newly established. I have a niece who’s a fresh graduate. Can you arrange a job for her?”
“Huh! I almost forgot. I also have a cousin that’s recently unemployed. He has eight years of experience in business management. Dahlia, you should hire him into management. He’s sure to help you out!”
After a few drinks, some women started to chatter.
“Hiring is handled by Human Resources. I usually don’t interfere. Of course, if any of you have a suitable candidate, they can always submit their resume,” Dahlia responded professionally. The company was very against nepotism, and she would usually avoid matters like this. Of course, if it were unavoidable, she would arrange an idle job for them.
“Dahlia, listen to me. I heard that Dustin and Ms. Harmon are very close. If you won’t help us, we’ll ask
Dustin!” one of them exclaimed.
“Hmph! Dustin is nothing but a gold digger. He’s not even fit to be in my sister’s shadow!” James snorted
coldly.
“That’s right! What can useless trash do for you? Do you really think he could speak up before Ms. Harmon? Stop daydreaming!” Florence also added in spite.
Why would they mention that trash to dampen the mood?
“But I heard Dustin was invited onto the stage at today’s opening ceremony,” the person added.
“So what? He didn’t even say a single word. It was so humiliating!”
“That’s right! It may seem he’s living a glorious life now, but he’s nothing but a tool. Ms. Harmon will kick him aside when she gets tired of him!”
Everyone started nodding along. That was right. What did Ms. Harmon see in a person such as Dustin? In the end, he was nothing but a plaything. Once she got tired of him, she would throw him away. By then, Dustin would be worthless!
“Hard work requires effort. Any man who depends on a woman is useless. The real talented young man is Chris!” James finished and gave Chris a big thumbs up.
Chris’s eyes twitched, and he seemed nervous. In the past, he would definitely scoff in contempt of Dustin. However, after witnessing his power today, he felt Dustin was not someone ordinary.
“Alright, let’s stop talking about this and eat,” Dahlia said, trying to change the topic. She didn’t want to hear
Dustin’s and Natasha’s names mentioned. Whenever she thought of the two laughing and talking, she would feel strangely panicked.
“Quick! Surround this place. No one can leave!”
Suddenly, there was a commotion outside the door. Immediately, the door was kicked open with a loud bang.
A group of heavily armed guards stormed in aggressively. The deadly aura radiating from them made everyone’s blood run cold.
“Who is Dahlia Nicholson?” The leading soldier stepped out, his eyes as sharp as a knife.
###Chapter 52 by Marina Vittori
Everyone was shocked when they watched the guards swarm in. They looked at each other in confusion for some time.
“Officer, what is the matter?” Florence braced herself and asked. She had never witnessed such an occasion as a civilian. Even if she did not do anything illegal, she still felt guilty.
“I’m asking, who is Dahlia Nicholson?” the officer spoke in a somber tone with a hostile look in his eyes.
“I am…” Dahlia slowly stood up and put on a brave face as she asked, “What can I do for you, officer?”
“According to our investigations, you are collaborating with the enemy. You are accused of being a spy planted by the west. Come with us immediately to assist in the investigation!” the officer announced. “Collaborating with the enemy? A traitor?”
Everyone was shocked at his accusation. That didn’t seem plausible. Dahlia was born and raised in Swinton, she wasn’t mixed in any way. Even her ancestors were all ordinary farmers. How could she end up being a traitor?
“Officer, is there a mistake? My daughter is a model citizen. She pays her taxes every year and even donates to charity. How is it possible that she’s a traitor?” Florence asked in shock.
“That’s right! My sister is innocent. You shouldn’t spew nonsense!” James slammed the table and stood up unhappily.
“We will find out whether this is a mistake after the investigation!” the guard answered coldly. “Is there even a need? We can testify!”
“That’s right! Dahlia is definitely not a traitor!” everyone spoke out in support. They were very clear about Dahlia’s conduct.
It would be more plausible that she manipulated the market, but being a traitor to the country was not possible!
“I’m just following orders. Anyone who stops me will be deemed an accomplice!” The officer started to get impatient.
“You wouldn’t dare!” James glared at him. “Do you know who we are? You wouldn’t live to see daylight if you dared touch a single hair on my sister!”
“Huh! There is solid evidence of Dahlia Nicholson’s collusion with the enemy country. Anyone who obstructs the arrest must be an accomplice. If that’s the case, take them all away! Anyone who resists will be shot!”
At the officer’s order, all the soldiers raised their guns one after another. The cold gun barrel aimed at the people in the room felt very menacing.
In an instant, everyone froze.
“You-you…” James wanted to say something but Dahlia quickly stopped him. “Everyone, keep calm. I believe there must be some misunderstanding. I’m sure they will let me go after the investigation.”
The officer snorted coldly at these words. They were the ones who decided whether this was a misunderstanding or not!
“Take them away!” the officer ordered, and everyone was taken to the car. The car stopped at the gates of the Spanner Villa 20 minutes later.
“Officer, this doesn’t look like a place for investigations,” Florence asked with uncertainty. “Stop talking nonsense! Go in!” The officer couldn’t bother to say more and forced everyone inside the villa.
Everyone realized something was off once they walked into the courtyard. Two white flags were hung on each side of the door, and in the middle of the living room was a coffin.
Trevor’s portrait greeted them.
“Sir Spanner?” Everyone widened their eyes in confusion. As for Dahlia, she started to feel uneasy. She realized she must have walked into a trap.
“Is everyone here?” Just when everyone was left wondering, a burly Travis walked out imposingly. His sharp eyes and menacing stance felt so overbearing some couldn’t breathe.
“Sir, everyone related is here,” the officer replied. “Okay.” Travis nodded, his gaze swept through the crowd, and he continued, “My name is Travis Spanner. I’m from the western war zone with the position of a general. I believe some of you may have heard of me.”
“Travis Spanner? General?”
Everyone’s face fell at these words. Chris was especially fearful. Others might not know it, but he knew very well how scary the western warzone was. Only one who was experienced in battle and had strong military control could obtain this position. Even the Mighty Three had to show their respect in the face of this man. In this world, money and status were far inferior to power!
Rich people did not necessarily have power, but people with power must have money!
This man before him was the prime example of someone with money and power. The point was his power
came from the military. He could convict anyone of any crime in just a word!
For example, treason!
“I don’t want to waste time, so I’ll just ask one question. You’ll survive if you answer honestly. Otherwise, you’ll be convicted for the crime of treason!” Travis threatened without beating around the bush.
“General, we will fully cooperate with the investigation!” Florence nodded, her legs trembling with fear. She had no choice. This man’s demeanor was too domineering!
“Alright. Let me ask you, did my brother’s death have anything to do with you?” Travis asked. The crowd got anxious as soon as he said those words.
“No! It has nothing to do with us! We don’t know anything!”
“Yes! We’re all innocent!” “General! You must be mistaken! We have nothing to do with Sir Spanner’s death!”
Everyone shook their heads in fright. They would definitely lose their lives if they admitted to such a thing. “Is that so?” Travis snickered coldly. He waved his hand without another word and ordered, “Edward, take a look at these people.”
“I’m coming!” Edward slowly limped out of the room. As his gaze fixed on Dahlia, he immediately took on a lustful expression. However, his lust quickly turned to resentment. Now that he had become crippled, he wouldn’t feel anything even before this exquisite woman.
‘Since he couldn’t get her, he would rather destroy her! At this thought, Edward’s face contorted into a nasty look.
“Uncle! It’s her, Dahlia! My dad’s death must have something to do with her!” Edward pointed at Dahlia, then turned around and pointed at Chris, shouting, “And him! He also has a grudge against me! He might be suspicious too!”
###Chapter 53 by Marina Vittori
Chris was completely dumbfounded to be pointed out by Edward. Never in his wildest dreams had he expected Edward to do so. He didn’t do anything, but somehow he got involved.
“Tell me honestly, did you have anything to do with my dad’s death?” Edward glared and shouted.
“No! It had nothing to do with me! I don’t know anything!” Chris shook his head in fear, cold sweat dripping
down his forehead.
“You don’t know, or you don’t want to tell?” Edward narrowed his eyes menacingly.
“Mr. Spanner, I really have no idea! This is all a misunderstanding!” Chris started to plead, every inch of his
body was begging for mercy. Although he knew Edward was taking the opportunity to settle their personal
grudge, he couldn’t say a word.
“Huh! It seems like you won’t spill without some pressure. Come, beat him up!” Edward ordered, and two
officers immediately took action.
“Wait!” James suddenly stopped them. “Do you know who he is? He’s Chris Nolan of Nolan Pharmaceuticals!
He’s also very close with Mr. Anderson! If you dared touch a hair on him, Mr. Anderson would not let it slide!”
“There! Uncle Travis, you heard it. This guy is related to Hunter Anderson! He must be one of the murderers!”
Edward suddenly became excited, as if he had caught Chris admitting to the crime.
“So you’re Hunter’s accomplice that killed my brother?” Travis glared at him.
There were two main suspects in this case. One was Hunter Anderson, and the other was Dahlia Nicholson.
This man was connected to both of these people, so he was obviously involved.
“No! It wasn’t me!” Chris was slightly startled, and he quickly shook his head. “I have nothing to do with Mr. Anderson! I don’t know anything at all. This whole thing was a misunderstanding from start to finish!”
“Chris, why do you have to be afraid of them? You have Mr. Anderson to help you. They wouldn’t dare to touch
you!” James proclaimed proudly.
“Shut the fuck up!” Chris was so terrified he threw his arms around and landed a slap on James‘ face.
Mr. Anderson was nothing! This guy was a general commanding thousands of troops!
Who could stop someone like him if he goes mad?
“Chris… Why did you hit me?”
James held onto his face in pain. “Didn’t you give Mr. Anderson a phone call to save my sister when Sir Spanner was messing with her? Did I say something wrong?”
“Fuck you! How dare you speak nonsense! Shut up!”
Chris was about to cry. Beads of sweat were forming on his forehead. Was this guy an idiot? Couldn’t he read the room?
“We have a witness and physical evidence! I’d like to see you explain yourself!” Edward gloated. He just
1/3
CS CamScanner
wanted to take advantage of the situation. He didn’t expect to actually get results.
“Edward, this guy is bullshitting! I didn’t do anything. It was a complete coincidence that Mr. Anderson showed up that day! They were the ones giving me all the credit willingly!” Chris had no choice but to tell the truth as the situation started to get out of hand.
“Huh? Didn’t you help my sister?” James was very confused.
“In your dreams!” Chris berated angrily. “Who am I to request for Mr. Anderson? You should really use your brains! If I had that power, I wouldn’t go bankrupt!”
“What? Bankrupt?” The entire Nicholson family was shocked by his words. They couldn’t react for a moment.
“At this point, I won’t bother to hide anymore. Dustin was right. Nolan Pharmaceuticals is under investigation, and we’re going bankrupt. Now, it’s just an empty shell!”
Chris could no longer be bothered. He would do anything to be set apart from the Nicholson family.
“You’re not joking, are you? You said the company was going public. How could it go bankrupt?” Florence was dumbfounded.
“Going public? That’s bullshit! I just said that to fool all of you! There’s no such thing on earth! I wouldn’t even think of you if the dividends existed! Stop dreaming!” Chris had a grim expression on his face. He was blabbing about everything at this moment. He would do anything to draw a line between himself and the Nicholson family to save his life.
“You mean you’ve been lying to us?” Florence was shocked and in disbelief.
“That’s right! I just wanted to snag some money and run away. Who knew you’d be dumb enough to believe it!” Chris sneered.
“You monster! How could you cheat us of our money? Pay us back!” Florence shrieked and jumped at Chris. That was her retirement money. She had invested everything to get the bonus.
Who knew it would all be in vain? It was as if her whole world had collapsed!
“You sly wolf! We trusted you! How could you cheat us of our money? You’re an animal! Give us back the money!” The others were also agitated and started to protest, but they were quickly forced back by the armed
guards. Only Florence was quick enough to leave a scratch mark on Chris’s face.
“The money is gone! Truth be told, I’ve transferred all the funds overseas. You should just give up!” Chris
came completely clean. His words were like a knife, stabbed through their chests. They had never felt more
regret! If they had known this, they wouldn’t have been greedy and believed in Chris’s nonsense.
“Why would you do this?” Dahlia frowned in confusion. She never expected Chris’s capital increase would be a
scam.
Moreover, Dustin was being kind when he tried to tell her the Nolan family was going bankrupt. However, no
one believed him.
This was really a big slap in the face!
“Why? Of course, it was for money! I’ll have women when I have money. You should all know this!” Chris
snickered.
CS CamScanner
Chapter 53
“So the partnership with the Harmon family had nothing to do with you either?” Dahlia asked tentatively.
“That’s right!” Chris admitted to it plainly. “My dad never called the Harmon family. They made the decision themselves. I just took advantage of the situation! The funny thing was you all believed me without a doubt!”
Dahlia was completely dumbfounded. Everything turned out to be a misunderstanding. Chris never helped her in any way and even cheated her of her money. The worst part was that he had taken credit for everything and kept her in the dark.
He had such wild ambitions!
The question was, who had helped her behind her back if it wasn’t Chris? 
###Chapter 54 by Marina Vittori
“Could it be Dustin?” Dahlia wondered. She then immediately dismissed this thought. That was impossible!
They were already divorced. Besides, they were now like water and oil. Why would he help her? Moreover, he wasn’t capable of it.
“Chris Nolan! You’re such a vile and despicable human being! I must’ve been blind to believe in someone like you!”
“Bastard! I even thought of you as family! You’re even worse than that trash, Dustin!” Florence and James cursed at him after knowing the truth. They had put their whole trust in Chris. They didn’t expect him to be a fraud.
“We all have to look out for ourselves! You only have yourself to blame for being so dumb!” Chris mocked scornfully.
“Shut the fuck up! My ears are sore from listening to your bickering!” Edward roared, and everyone fell silent at
once.
“What I’m trying to say is, I have nothing to do with the Nicholson family. I don’t know Hunter Anderson either. The Nicholson family was behind Sir Spanner’s death! I had nothing to do with it!” Chris knelt on the floor with a thud and started to beg.
“Uncle Travis, how should we deal with him?” Edward asked.
Travis didn’t say a word. He took two steps forward and declared to Chris, “I don’t care about what you have to do with the Nicholson family. I just want to know who the murderer is! Tell me, and I’ll spare you, or else you face the same fate as them!”
“I’ll tell you everything!” Chris suddenly had an idea and said in a hurry. “I figured it out! It must be Dustin! He must’ve murdered Mr. Spanner!”
“Dustin? What a familiar name.” Edward pinched his chin in deep thought.
“Edward, did you forget? He’s the one who beat you up!” Chris started to blabber.
“It was him!” Edward immediately remembered and added resentfully, “Uncle Travis, Dustin is the most suspicious of all!”
“Where is he?” Travis asked coldly..
“I saw him at the Emerald building this morning. I don’t know where he went after that. Oh, Dahlia is in charge of the Emerald building. She’s also Dustin’s wife. She must know where he is!” Chris pointed at Dahlia and pushed all the blame onto her.
“Bullshit! Dustin and my sister are divorced!” James immediately refuted.
“That’s right! We have nothing to do with Dustin. His mess has nothing to do with us!”
“Yeah! You should look for Dustin. We’re all Innocent!”
1/3
CS CamScanner
Everyone started to protest, afraid of being involved in this matter.
“I’ll decide if you’re innocent or not. Everyone is guilty before we find the murderer!” Travis scoffed coldly.
“That damned Dustin! He’s going to kill us all!”
“This is so unfair! We’ve obeyed the law our whole lives. Why did we meet such a troublemaker?”
The Nicholson family lamented together.
“Leave Dahlia and lock up the rest of the Nicholson family!” Travis gave the order.
“Yes, sir!” The adjutant saluted, and armed soldiers led Florence and the others into the car.
As for Chris, he was shocked out of his wits.
“Where are you taking them?” Dahlia frowned with worry.
“You shouldn’t worry about them. You should worry about yourself.”
Travis slowly inched closer and asked coldly, “Where is Dustin? Are both of you involved in my brother’s death? You’d better be honest, and I’ll end you quickly! Otherwise, your entire family would join you!”
“Sir Spanner’s death has nothing to do with me! I don’t know anything!” Dahlia denied.
“You don’t know?” Travis snorted. “It seems you won’t say anything without some force.”
He waved his hands, and two soldiers came forward and bound Dahlia up and hung her in from the ceiling.
“Let me go! You’re abusing your power!” Dahlia kept on struggling. However, her wrist hurt more with each struggle.
“Abusing my power?” Travis laughed at her statement. “It seems like you haven’t got a hold of the situation. Now, your life is in my hands. I decide if you die or live. I’ll ask you one more time, where is Dustin?”
“I don’t know!” Dahlia shook her head stubbornly.
“Huh! I think you would only give up after facing death! Beat her up until she spills it!” Travis commanded.
A burly underling quickly came forward dragging a barbed whip. “What are you doing? I… Dahlia’s face paled, and as she was about to say something, the whip landed hard on her back with a crack! With that crisp sound, her clothes tore, and a deep, bloody wound was left on her back.
Dahlia moaned and gritted her teeth, holding in pain. What quickly followed were multiple whips. The blows landed on her one after another. Dahlia finally couldn’t hold it in and let out a scream. Her body was in such pain it started to tremble. Her pale and smooth back instantly became bruised and bloody!
This whip was a specially designed torture device covered with dense spikes. Even a man couldn’t endure a dozen lashes, let alone a woman.
“Spill!” Travis stood to her side and watched unfeelingly.
Dahlia bit her lip in pain. She was sweating profusely, but her eyes were set with determination. “Don’t stop! Hit harder!”
Travis was losing his temper with her and commanded his underlings to use more strength. As a result, the sounds of the whip and screams began to erupt one after another.
Chris couldn’t bear to watch on. He could only lower his head in silence.
Edward, on the other hand, had a disturbing smile on his face.
###Chapter 55 by Marina Vittori
After being subjected to the torture, Dahlia finally passed out.
Her back was bloody and horrific to look at. The fresh wounds were still bleeding profusely, her body still twitching uncontrollably even while she was passed out.
“General, she has lost consciousness!” one of his men reported.
“Wake her up and keep going.” Travis spat coldly.
“Uncle Travis, can I have a go?” Edward interjected eagerly. Ever since he was crippled, there had been a tremendous shift in his psychology. The more beautiful a woman was, the more he wanted to destroy her.
“If you want to, go ahead.” Travis nodded in approval.
“Thank you, Uncle Travis!” Edward grinned eerily.
Once Dahlia awakened, he wielded the whip in his hand and struck her.
“Tell me!”
“Just kill me!” Dahlia could no longer endure the pain. Her mind was at the end of its rope. Now, she could only hope they would put an end to her misery.
“Kill you? Not so fast! I haven’t even had enough!” Edward smiled sadistically and continued with the torture.
After a while, Dahlia, covered in bruises, fell into a coma again.
“General, the murderer hasn’t been revealed. If this continues, she will die soon,” the adjutant reminded.
“This woman is so stubborn!” Travis was impressed. This torture device was typically used to coerce
confessions. People usually confessed to everything after three whips. Even specially trained forces would not
be able to handle a dozen lashes. 
Yet, this woman was able to withhold dozens of whips without revealing anything. Even he couldn’t help but
be impressed. 
“Hang her at the entrance as bait. Call off the surrounding guards and see if Dustin will come to rescue her.” Travis commanded.
“Yes, sir!” the adjutant answered and hung the unconscious Dahlia at the gates.
“Don’t you die on me! I’ll have my fun with you when I capture Dustin!” Edward licked the drops of blood at the
corner of his mouth with a perverse smile. 
Dustin had just finished his meal at the Peaceful Medical Center when he received a call.
It was Hunter Anderson, and he sounded like he was in a hurry.
“Mr. Rhys, I’ve received news that Ms. Nicholson has been arrested!”
CS CamScanner
Chapter 55
“Arrested?” Dustin frowned.
“It’s Travis Spanner! He arrested Ms. Nicholson and her family for the crime of treason. They are receiving private punishment now!” Hunter explained.
Dustin’s face fell when he heard this. He knew very clearly what type of person Travis was. No ordinary person could bear the torture methods in the war zone!
“Where is Travis?” Dustin was very anxious.
“At the Spanner Villa. Mr. Rhys, Travis has set an ambush for you. You shouldn’t be too impulsive. Wait–
Before Hunter could finish, Dustin had already hung up the phone and rushed out.
When he arrived at Spanner Villa, he saw a woman hanging from the front of the villa doors.
The woman’s hair was disheveled, her clothes were torn, and blood trickled down her body. It was a horrible
sight to behold.
Dustin’s eyes widened in shock when he realized the woman hanging there was Dahlia!
Dustin balled his hand into a fist. A murderous aura erupted from him. Suddenly, there was a gust of strong wind that sent the rocks flying. Even the surrounding temperature started to drop rapidly.
Dustin shot up and cut off the rope with one hand. He caught Dahlia, who was covered in blood, and landed
gently on the ground.
At this moment, Dahlia had already passed out, and the wounds on her back were an unsightly mess. 
The sight of those whip marks and wounds pierced Dustin’s heart like a sharp knife.
“Just kill me,” Dahlia mumbled unconsciously. She must have suffered a lot of pain to ask for death.
“I’m sorry.” Dustin’s hands were trembling. Tears pricked his eyes.
He knew that Dahlia was in this mess because of him. He dragged her into this. 1
“Haha! Dustin Rhys, you’re finally here!” Edward roared as he and his men walked out slowly.
“You did this?” Dustin raised his head slowly, his eyes fixed on the whip in Edward’s hands.
“So what? What can you do to me at this point?” Edward was not afraid at all.
Although his uncle had withdrawn half the troops, there were more than a dozen heavily armed elites ambushed around. Each of these men could defeat a hundred people. It would be easy to deal with this one
man.
“Dustin, is it? Did you kill my brother, Trevor?” Travis asked.
“It was me.” Dustin answered plainly. As he spoke, his gaze was fixed on Edward.
“I’m glad that you admit it. Now, go pay for your sins before my brother’s coffin before I end your life,” Travis said coldly.
“Pay for my sins?” Dustin snorted coldly, “Even your superior, Adam Spanner, would not speak to me this way.
2/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 55 
You’re nothing to me!” 
“Hmm?” Travis raised an eyebrow.
Adam Spanner was the commanding general in the western army. He was also his superior. Only a handful of
people know about his existence.
How had Dustin heard of him?
“You know Chief General Spanner?” Travis was slightly taken aback.
“I’ll give you a chance to take your own life out of respect for Adam. This way, your body might still be intact!”
Dustin demanded.
“Keep my body intact?”
“Before Travis could respond, Edward guffawed loudly. “Are you out of your mind? Open your eyes and
recognize your place in this world!”
As he spoke, the other hidden elites immediately revealed themselves. Each armed soldier looked very
threatening and menacing.
However, Dustin didn’t even pay any attention to them. His eyes were focused on Edward as if he were already
a dead man.
“His body could stay intact, but you would have nothing left but bones!” Then, Dustin immediately made his move.
###Chapter 56 by Marina Vittori
Dustin took a step forward and leaped into the air. He moved as fast as lightning.
“Quick! Kill him!” Edward immediately tensed up and yelled when he noticed Dustin make a move.
However, before the armed elites could react, Dustin had already leaped forward. Dustin reached out and kicked one of the armed elites, who flew away like a piece of paper. A hole was pierced through the bulletproof vest on his chest. Even his bones were shattered!
Before he could land, Dustin swerved before another person and kicked him in the neck.
After killing two people in a row, Dustin did not stop and continued his attacks frantically. Anything he touched was destroyed in mere seconds. No one could stand in his way.
These armed elites could not even react to his speed and strength. In a short time, they were defeated one
after another.
Their guns couldn’t keep up with his speed. Not even a single shot had been fired.
The entire time Dustin had been holding on to Dahlia and attacking with his feet!
Edward was dumbfounded as he watched what unfolded. He looked like he had seen a ghost.
These elites were experienced in battles and each one were heavily armed. It should be effortless to defeat Dustin. How come they were the ones on the chopping board? What was happening?
“Is he a martial arts expert? No wonder he’s so full of himself!” Travis narrowed his eyes in surprise. It had not been easy for him to obtain his current position. He was also quite skilled and knowledgeable in martial arts.
All the elites in the army have to be trained in martial arts.
With the exception of intelligence agencies, proficiency in martial arts greatly affected the ranking of military personnel. The skills displayed by Dustin easily qualified him to be a highly ranked officer!
“General, this man is quite powerful, should we retreat?” the adjutant asked in a low voice.
“There’s no need. It’s rare to come up against such an expert. I want to personally fight him!” Travis loosened
his muscles. That burly body of his carried the strength of a panther.
“Your turn!” When the last person fell, Dustin’s eyes once again fixed on Edward.
“Uncle Travis! Save me!” Edward stumbled back in fear.
“Nobody would be able to save you today!” Dustin stepped forward and headed toward Edward.
“Your opponent is me!” Travis roared and leaped toward him.
He threw a punch at Dustin.
Dustin didn’t even look at him as he severed Travis’s leg without any hesitation.
As Edward was calling out for help, Travis landed his fist on Dustin’s back.
There was a loud explosion. Dustin was unmoved, but his clothes tore open, revealing his muscular body.
1/1
CS CamScanner
Chapter 56
Travis, on the other hand, was taken aback by the impact and spat a mouthful of blood as he stumbled to the
ground.
“General!” The adjutant was overcome by worry and he quickly helped Travis up.
Travis coughed violently, feeling a surge of blood rising inside. His fist, especially, was trembling uncontrollably, as if it had lost all senses.
“This is not possible!” Travis was shocked as he stared at his trembling arms. His eyes were filled with shock.
Never in his wildest dreams did he imagine Dustin’s body would be so impenetrable. His full strength did not even make a scratch on his opponent, yet he had sustained multiple internal injuries.
Dustin was an absolute beast! Who on earth was this man?
Travis raised his head in confusion and doubt. In an instant, he stood there dumbfounded as if struck by lightning because he realized that there was a large tattoo on Dustin’s sturdy body.
It was an animal with a dragon’s head, an ox’s tail, a tiger’s back, a bear’s waist, and a snake’s scales.
It was a black beast!
The tattoo of the beast was so realistic that, as Dustin breathed, it looked as if it was coming alive.
It looked so majestic and ferocious! It was so daunting!
“A kirin tattoo?” Travis was stunned, as if he had suddenly remembered something.
He looked terrified.
His surname was Rhys, with a tattoo of a black beast, and he knew the commanding general. Could he be the Rhys family’s Kirin?!
No! That wasn’t possible!
Why was the man that stirred up the whole of Chouxe and disappeared for ten years here?
“Are you of Chouxe descent?” Travis asked tentatively, his lips quivering.
“Oh? You finally figured it out?” Dustin slowly turned around with a blank expression. There was no harm in him knowing as he was going to die anyway.
“It really is you. Why are you here?” Travis was so frightened that he broke out in cold sweat. His confidence from before completely dissipated. There was nothing but fear on his face.
No wonder he knew Adam Spanner. It turned out he was the legendary Kirin!
Travis was done for! He had angered someone that made even Sergeant Adam uneasy!
“General? What’s wrong?” The adjutant was horrified. He had never seen Travis with such a terrified expression. He could remain calm even on a mountain of corpses on the battlefield. He had always been fearless in the face of danger.
What happened to him now? How could a tough guy like him be trembling from fright?
Who was this man Dustin?
“We’re done for.” Travis fell to the ground with a thud dejectedly. He knew he would die today. The only difference was if he would die in one plece.
“General! I’ve called for backup. They’ll be here soon! Hold on!” the adjutant tried to encourage him.
“There’s no use.” Travis shook his head as if he had been exhausted of all strength.
“General, what’s wrong?” The adjutant started to panic.
Travis trembled as he pointed at Dustin and stammered, “He’s the Kirin of the Rhys family, Logan Rhys!”
The adjutant froze when he heard this name. His face was as pale as ash.
They were done for! The dead had come back to life.
###Chapter 57 by Marina Vittori
Who was Logan Rhys exactly? The hurricane that had stirred up the city of Stonia! The demon that had
disturbed the peace of the people!
He was also the one behind the tragedy in Osnal ten years ago.
No one had ever expected that a 15–year–old could cause so much destruction.
Thus, it was no wonder Travis was horrified to see him. Who would’ve guessed that the man who was
standing in front of them was the stuff of legends who had disappeared from the face of the planet ten years ago. THE Logan Rhys!
The adjutant’s legs instantly gave out, causing him to crumple to the ground with a thud. His mind was
drawing a complete blank at the moment.
After Dustin gave Travis, who was behind him, a glance, he started walking toward Edward.
*Help me, Uncle Travis! Uncle Travis!” Cradling his broken leg. Edward kept screaming his head off as he wriggled on the floor like a maggot, trying his hardest to evade Dustin.
“I told you, I’ll make sure you won’t even have a corpse left after I kill you!” Dustin declared as he picked up a long whip covered in spikes from the ground, then delivered a swift blow to Edward’s face mercilessly.
“Argh!” Edward cried out in pain. The skin of his face was torn apart down the middle, and blood started
spurting out of the wound.
Dustin didn’t hold back and delivered another swift blow to another part of his body.
As a crunching sound rang out, Edward’s skin and flesh, along with his clothes, got torn to shreds.
“Gah!” he yelped miserably once more and resumed crying for help. “Hurry, Uncle Travis! Please save me!”
Even though he witnessed all this happening, Travis didn’t move a muscle. It was as if he didn’t hear a thing.
all while Dustin showed no mercy, delivering blow after blow onto Edward’s battered frame.
Every blow caused blood and flesh to spurt out, and the man kept screeching in excruciating pain.
“S–stop hitting me! I fucked up! I know I really fucked up this time!” Edward begged for mercy profusely as he
knelt on the ground.
However, his cries fell on deaf ears, and Dustin continued to whip him, his eyes devoid of mercy.
*This was for all the pain Dahlia endured up until now. I’ll make sure you pay it back ten, no, a hundred–fold!”
Dustin exclaimed to himself.
“Good, good! You’d better whip his ass to death!” Chris Instigated from a corner of the room with a mischievous look.
The saying went that the wicked always got what was coming to them. This was proven true by Edward, the amateur evil mastermind, who ended up abused and beaten up by mega supervillain Dustin Rhys.
Just as Dustin was in the middle of exacting his revenge, a long procession of cars suddenly drove toward
1/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 57
them and halted right in front of Spanner Villa. A large number of armed elites swarmed out of each car to seal
off the entire premise.
The armed elites, who were all clad in black suits and body armor, each carried with them a gun on their backs. All of them looked intimidating. Even if they were just standing there quietly, they still gave off a very menacing feeling.
Plus, this was more than a step up compared to Travis‘ men last time!
“So… it was Rhys who sent them!” Travis thought and immediately felt a pang of despair after looking at the army of elite forces.
The last trace of hope he had in his heart vanished that very second!
At that moment, the door to a Rolls–Royce suddenly opened, and Hunter Anderson got out of the car.
“Mr. Anderson?”
The moment the badly battered and bruised Edward laid his eyes on Hunter, he felt as if his savior had arrived. He immediately perked up and started clawing his limp body toward Hunter, frantically begging him for help.
“Help me, Mr. Anderson! This kid is trying to kill me! Q–quickly, arrest him for me! As long as you help me now,
half of the Spanner’s fortune will be yours!” Edward offered without hesitation, fully intent on luring him into
saving him with his obscene riches.
After all, wasn’t life more important than all the riches in the world?
The whipping he’d endured had already scared him shitless. He knew very well that if the whipping didn’t cease, he would get beaten to death sooner or later.
“Is that you, Edward Spanner?” Hunter asked as he gazed upon the bloody figure before him. He had to
examine him for a bit before recognizing him.
“Yes, it’s me! You must save me on behalf of Sir Hummer, Mr. Andersin!” Edward pleaded as he lay on the ground, clutching Hunter’s pant leg with a deadly grip.
“Fuck off!” Hunter growled in response as he kicked him away and ignored his pleas.
Instead of helping him, he quickly walked over to the other side of the car, bent over slightly, and opened the
car door to reveal an old man clad in a dated suit. He got out of the car and started walking nonchalantly
using a cane.
“Sir Francis, you’d better be more careful…” Hunter cooed and reached his hand out to prop the old man up. Edward was dumbfounded after witnessing him act all respectful and humble like that.
It was known for a fact that the person standing in front of him was the President of the Swinton Group, one of the three major groups in the city.
He was even the type to laugh and joke around with someone of such high standing as Sir Hummer.
So, who exactly was this old man who managed to bring out his humble side?
What the hell was going on?!
Then again, he wasn’t the only person who was surprised at this turn of events.
2/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 57
Chris, who was still hiding in a corner, also had a bewildered look on his face.
In his eyes, Hunter Anderson was an influential man whose standing was at the top of Swinton.
So, who was this person able to reduce him to the demeanor of a mere servant? What was the identity of this man clad in such a dated suit in front of him?
“Sir! Please help me, sir!” After coming out of a daze, Edward immediately limped over to the old man in the suit and kept bowing his head to him, disregarding the fact that he had no idea who the old man was.
It was obvious to him that this man was way more influential than he thought, judging by the fact that he regarded Hunter Anderson as his grandson.
Heck, he might even be a government official from Stonia for all he knew! Thus, as long as this mammoth of a man was willing to lend him a hand, he’d be able to reverse his fate and even turn his life around!
Hearing Edward’s plea for help, the suited old man merely shot him a glance before withdrawing his gaze. He then proceeded to tidy his hair and straighten his clothes. After making sure that he looked immaculate and presentable, he started walking toward Dustin.
Then, to the utmost shock and dismay of everyone at the scene, he dropped to his knees on the floor and knelt before Dustin.
“My sincere greetings to you, Mr. Rhys!” he proclaimed.
###Chapter 58 by Marina Vittori
Silence ensued.
The atmosphere was so quiet, one could hear a pin drop. Everyone was stunned and dumbfounded the moment the elderly gentleman in the suit knelt down in front of Dustin Rhys.
No one had remotely expected that such an influential man with the power to make Hunter Anderson grovel in front of him would kneel in front of Dustin! It was almost like he was a slave who was greeting his master.
What the hell was going on here?!
“Uh-..” Chris hummed and froze on the spot, his face full of disbelief. He had thought that Dustin was only good at fighting, but who knew that this man turned out to be more powerful and influential than he thought?
Hunter Anderson was already an influential figure in his own right, wasn’t he? So why did he have to grovel and act meekly in front of the older gentleman in the suit?
Surely, the older gentleman in the suit was even more powerful, right? So why on earth was this big shot kneeling in front of Dustin Rhys?!
How dare that bastard. This was simply too humiliating!
The scene in front of him clearly showed him how terrifying the man he despised, Dustin Rhys, truly was. “No… that’s impossible! Absolutely impossible!” thought Edward, who was scared shitless at this point.
From the moment he witnessed the older man in the suit kneel, his spirit had been utterly shaken!
This instantly shattered his remaining hope for survival. Now, only despair and fear were left in its place.
Who would have thought that his perceived lifeline would turn out to be Dustin’s servant of all people?
Shit, what kind of monster had he gotten himself tangled with this time? He was just way too different from Chris and Edward.
At this moment, Travis felt his death looming on the horizon…
He reckoned that it was his fate that he would not be able to leave this place alive today the moment he found out about Dustin’s true identity.
If he put up a fight, he, along with his entire family would be eradicated!
“Dustin, it’s been ten years. I can’t believe I finally found you!” Sir Francis said as he knelt on the ground. Tears streamed down his face profusely, but he didn’t give a shit what other people thought of him at the time.
Dustin, on the other hand, didn’t even flinch at this. Instead, he looked at him indifferently, as if he was a complete stranger.
“Fuck off!” he screamed as he averted his gaze from Sir Francis before walking up to Edward.
His intent to kill was at its peak now!
“P–please don’t kill me… Please don’t kill me. Just spare my life, I’ll do anything!” Edward whimpered In fear. pissing himself in the process. Even so, he didn’t stop bowing his head and begging for mercy.
1/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 58
“If I don’t kill you now, I won’t be able to let go of this hatred in my heart!” Dustin growled maniacally as he put one foot forward to stomp on Edward’s chest, which caused the latter’s eyes to widen, and look up at him with resignation and fear.
So much for a peaceful death.
“Mr. Rhys! I’m willing to accept death as my punishment, but please spare the lives of my puny subordinates!”
When Dustin’s gaze landed on Travis, they immediately knew that their time on this earth was up. Without another word, the both of them took out their knives and slit their necks simultaneously.
No one had the privilege of negotiating with Dustin at this point.
After seeing the two corpses fall to the ground, Dustin said nothing as he left the scene immediately with Dahlia in his arms.
Sir Francis let out a long sigh, his expression conflicted. Although he’d already found him, seeing how turbulent his heart was now, he wondered if he’d ever return to normal.
“How should we go about this, Sir Francis?” Hunter asked with his head lowered.
Standing before the older man, his status and reputation were like pieces of paper that could be torn into shreds at any time.
“Don’t let the news get out. As for everyone related to this matter, dispose of them all,” Sir Francis replied Indifferently.
The cavalier manner in which he said it made Hunter’s heart quiver in fear.
Does he not know the number of people who would have to suffer because of this?
“P–please don’t kill me! I’m friends with Dustin!” hollered Chris, who had been hiding all this time. He ran out
in a panic the moment he saw that the elite forces surrounding him were preparing to burn down the house.
“You’re a friend of Dustin’s?” Sir Francis asked as he looked him up and down.
“That’s right, that’s right! We’re best buds! We even had dinner together before!” Chris nodded profusely, akin
to a chicken pecking rice off the ground.
At this point, he’d do anything to stay alive.
“Is that so? Then can I trouble you to ensure the he doesn’t stay out too late?” Sir Francis requested, his tone
softer now.
“Yes, of course, I’ll definitely tell him that!” Chris immediately assured him.
“Someone please drive this gentlemah.” Sir Francis gestured.
“N–no, no, it’s fine… You don’t have to! I can go back by myself!” Chris replied while waving his hands in the air frantically.
How could he still have the nerve to get in someone else’s car when he was already this scared?
Sir Francis didn’t pursue the matter further and merely waved his hands to let his team know to disperse.
2/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 58
“I–I’ll get going then…” Chris murmured before fleeing as if he’d just escaped from prison. He thanked God for his quick wits, which helped him save his skin just now. However, he reckoned that he couldn’t stay in Stonia for much longer. He decided to leave once he’d saved up enough money. 1
“Sir Francis, I’m convinced that man just now wasn’t very honest with us,” Hunter remarked respectfully.
“It doesn’t matter, he’s just an ant to us, so it doesn’t matter if we kill him or let him live.” Sir Francis said
nonchalantly.
It was evident to him that Chris was lying the whole time, but he did not dare take the risk, as he feared that
Dustin would not take too kindly if he involved himself in his matters too much.
He certainly didn’t want to make himself an enemy of the Kirin!
Half an hour later, over at the Peaceful Medical Center, Dustin felt his heart shatter as he gazed at the bloody
gash on Dahlia’s body. Although the two were divorced, it wasn’t easy to shrug off three whole years of
feelings toward one another.
Some emotions simply could not be contained, it seemed.
After taking a deep breath, he took off her clothes and began carefully cauterizing the wound for her.
Although his movements were subtle, when touching certain wounds, her unconscious body would still twitch from the pain involuntarily. This prompted him to be more careful in handling her.
Whether it was cleaning up, disinfecting, putting on ointment or badges, he made sure to be extra cautious
every step of the way.
Once everything was done, he breathed a sigh of relief, not noticing that a film of sweat had formed on his
forehead.
Just as he was about to up and leave, a slender hand suddenly reached out to grab his wrist.
“Don’t go… don’t go. Don’t leave me here…” In her unconscious state, Dahlia looked as if she was experiencing a nightmare. Her tightly closed eyes kept rolling from side to side as she kept muttering inaudibly.
Dustin fought to control his rising emotions. “I’m not going anywhere, I’m right here.” He slowly moved to sit next to her, holding her hand with both of his hands.
“D–don’t go. Dustin… Seeming as if her sense of security had returned, her murmurs slowly became softer, and she started to calm down.
However, she held on to his hand for dear life and refused to let go.
“I’m sorry…” he mumbled as he felt the force behind her fingertips. He couldn’t help but feel a twinge of heartache at this.
In the past, she had never shown him her soft side and always insisted on being a strong, Independent woman.
However, after today, he realized that the icy businesswoman lying in front of him was also a woman who needed someone to care for her.
###Chapter 59 by Marina Vittori
Two days later, at the Peaceful Medical Center, Dahlia finally woke up.
The first thing she noticed was that she was in a very plain room that contained a table, two chairs, and a hospital bed.
She thought everything looked vaguely familiar, as if she had been here before.
“You’re up?” Dustin quipped as he appeared at the entrance of the room.
He was carrying a bowl of chicken soup in one hand. Even though it wasn’t the most flavorful dish, the soup looked tantalizing to her as she hadn’t eaten anything for the past two days. So much so that her stomach began to growl non–stop at the sight of it.
“Were you the one who saved me?” she asked first to break the awkward tension between them.
“You were injured and unconscious on the roadside, so I patched you up,” he answered plainly. 1
“You patched me up?” she repeated with furrowed brows. A split second later, she hastily asked, “Oh, right! How long have I been unconscious? What’s the situation with the Spanners now? Are my parents in danger?”
The sudden barrage of questions made his head spin.
“You were unconscious for two days and two nights. Your family is safe and sound. As for the Spanner residence, it has been engulfed in flames,” he answered each of her questions calmly.
Upon receiving news that her family was safe, she couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief. However, it didn’t take her long to ask another question in surprise. “Engulfed in flames‘? What happened?”
“I don’t know the specifics, but I heard that there was a gas leak, so all 20 to 30 people inside the Spanner residence got burned alive inside,” he said.
“A gas leak? Do you suppose it was a coincidence?” she asked in a confused manner.
“The wicked reap what they sow. The Spanners have done many evil deeds and always sought to harm others. Seeing them fall from grace like this, I suppose this was just karma coming for their ass in a way.” Dustin said.
She nodded in response, feeling a sense of relief on the inside.
With the Spanner household destroyed, she surmised she did not have to worry about being their target anymore in the future.
“Alright, stop letting your mind wander. Have some soup first,” he said as he handed her the chicken soup.
“Thanks,” she replied. Since she was hungry, she didn’t refuse his kind gesture and happily started digging. into the soup. She managed to finish the entire bowl shortly after.
However, she still felt hungry after finishing her food and considered licking the bowl.
“I’ll get you another bowl,” he said after noticing her expression and served her another bowl of chicken soup.
Without a word, she devoured the second bowl of soup as well.
1/3
CS CamScanner
Now that she was having the chicken soup, she soon felt a pleasant warmth in her stomach, which made her feel so content it was hard to describe in words.
Although the two bowls of soup may not look like much, he was the one who cooked them precisely because he was aware that they were very good at speeding up the recovery process.
“Still hungry?” he asked.
At that moment, she couldn’t stop herself from letting out a small burp.
She realized that she might come across as improper to him, so she tried to swallow the air back into her stomach.
“I guess you’ve already had your fill then. Be sure to get lots of rest, and I’ll come back later.”
Before he could leave, she called out to him and said, “Wait! I have something to say to you!”
“What is it?” he said, as he stopped in his tracks and looked back at her.
“It’s about Chris. I’m sorry for accusing you,” she muttered.
After hesitating for a second, she clenched her teeth and continued, “That guy wasn’t a good person to begin with. I can’t believe he managed to trick us out of such a large sum with his silver tongue. If only we had listened to your advice in the beginning.”
“What’s wrong with you today? Did the great Ms. Nicholson just apologize to someone?” he teased.
“What do you mean? Do I seem like such an unreasonable person to you?” she shot back, clearly offended by his remark.
“I’m kidding! So what if I got accused again? It’s not like this is the first time anyway, so forget about it,” he said and shrugged his shoulders.
“Why does it sound so wrong coming from you?” she retorted while wrinkling her brows.
“Alright, let’s just forget about the past, shall we? Now, take off your clothes…” he said casually.
“Huh?” Her expression instantly changed and she subconsciously shielded her chest with her arms. “What are you planning to do to me?” she exclaimed.
“No need to get so worked up, you have injuries, so I’m just helping you change your bandages,” he answered as he lifted up a bottle of ointment in one hand.
“You want to change my bandages for me?” she repeated.
As if she had just realized something, she hurriedly quipped, “Were you the one who changed my bandages for the past two days?”
“Who else?”
“Then, I… You’ve seen everything by now?!” she cried, her eyes wide as saucers.
“So what if I’ve seen everything? It’s not like I haven’t seen them before, so what’s the big deal?” he said easily.
“You get your ass out of here right now!” she screamed in response, her face flushed from the shame and
2/3
CS CamScanner
anger.
She couldn’t believe the nerve of this man. How dare he undress and touch her body without her consent.
How despicable!
“I can still scram if you want, but I’d advise you to give it some thought. Although the injuries on your body have healed, the scars are still there. So, if not treated in due time, I’m afraid you won’t be able to get rid of them in the future,” he patiently explained.
She bit her lip and began to feel somewhat conflicted on the inside.
“Fine, since you obviously don’t care about that, I won’t help you anymore. You’d better not regret it when you see yourself covered in scars in the future,” he retorted with his hands across his chest before turning around and beginning to leave.
“Wait!” she hollered, finally heeding his advice. It was simply a woman’s nature to take care of her
appearance. Even she wasn’t an exception. The thought of her body being covered in scars was worse than the idea of getting killed!
“What, changed your mind?” he asked as he turned back to face her with an amused look.
“Help me change my bandages, but with your eyes blindfolded!” she ordered, then threw a random piece of clothing that was lying next to her at him, as if to vent her frustrations. However, her whole body froze when she realized what she had thrown at him.
It turned out the item of clothing she just threw at him was her underwear!
“You sure have weird tastes. I refuse to use this as a blindfold, if you don’t mind,” he remarked as he threw the panties back to her.
“S–shut up!” she stuttered in embarrassment, her face turning pinker by the second.
Her pretty face was similar to a ripe peach covered in morning dew now. He was tempted to touch her.
“Fine, I’ll only apply the ointment on your back while you apply the rest on the front yourself,” he finally
relented, for fear that she would storm out of the room.
“Hmph!” She pouted.
It was only after multiple bouts of hesitation that she finally agreed to his plan.
Her injuries needed to be healed, but it wasn’t like she could take care of the scars on her back properly
without external assistance.
“I’ve already finished applying the ointment on your back evenly…” he trailed off before continuing in a cold
voice.“… Now, on to your butt—”
###Chapter 60 by Marina Vittori
After struggling to get away from him, Dahlia’s face was as red as a tomato. Beads of sweat trailed down her body. Her sultry eyes looked as if they could drill a hole into Dustin’s skull.
Didn’t he just apply some ointment on her? So why was she giving him such an embarrassed look?
“Haven’t you seen enough? Get out!” she screamed as she pulled up the blanket to cover her body.
Her slender waist and upturned hips were a sight to behold indeed.
“Just apply this ointment for three to five days, then your scars will disappear,” he said bluntly. He then put down the ointment before leaving the room sheepishly.
After about ten minutes, Dahlia exited the room fully clothed.
Compared to the woman full of rage and shame a moment ago, the woman in front of him now was her usual, cold self.
She pretended as if nothing had happened between them at all
“Lend me your phone. I have a call to make,” she ordered as she rushed over to him while he was sipping on some chicken soup with her hand outstretched.
He didn’t make a peep as he handed his phone over to her without hesitation.
“What’s your lock screen password?” she asked.
“Your birthday,” he answered without even lifting his head.
His answer made her stiffen and a small corner of her lips turned upwards for a short while before disappearing again.
“Hmph!” She pouted, feigning disdain.
After unlocking his phone, the first number she dialed was her family, to update them on her whereabouts.
Following that, she dialed Lyra’s number.
*So good to finally hear from you again, Ms. Nicholson! Where have you been for the past two days? How come there weren’t any updates at all?” Lyra asked anxiously.
“Something came up, so a few things had to be put on hold. How’s the company doing now?” she asked.
“The new company just opened shop and is currently doing well. And with the Harmon family’s backing. everything is in order. However, the Jackson Group managed to get itself into some hot water the past two days, I’m afraid.” Lyra explained.
“What kind of hot water?” she asked, feeling a little uneasy.
“We had a hard time recouping our funds as several partners have not paid back their share of the money yet, so the company was unable to break even. It’s a good thing that you still have that reserve fund of 80 million dollars, just enough to save the company.” Lyra chuckled.
1/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 60
“Reserve funds?” she repeated while her expression twisted into a frown. “I’m afraid that the money is
gone,” she admitted.
“Gone? What do you mean gone?” Lyra spluttered.
“I trusted the wrong person. I was fooled by Chris,” she answered honestly, without trying to conceal the truth.
She then gave Lyra a quick rundown of the events that transpired.
Upon reaching the end of her story. Lyra exploded in a fit of rage. “That bastard Chris is certainly a piece of
work! How dare he cheat us of our money when we put all our trust in him! Let’s get him arrested right away!”
“There’s no point. He’s probably fled the country by now,” she mumbled as she let out a soft sigh.
“What should we do now, Ms. Nicholson? The company has no liquidity, so it’ll be hard to run operations
normally.”
“I’ll think of something…” she trailed off in reply.
“Oh right, don’t we still have the Harmons? Since we’re their partner, the Harmons can definitely help us if only you give them a call,” Lyra suggested hurriedly.
“The Harmons?” she asked with wrinkled brows.
She would’ve thought of doing that had she not learned about Natasha before this, but it was impossible to
ask her for help now.
Dahlia had her pride as a woman too, so she absolutely refused to bow down to Natasha Harmon!
“I’ll take care of this, so you go busy yourself with other matters now,” she directed. After exchanging a few more words with her secretary, she hung up the phone.
“What’s this about the company being in hot water?” Dustin looked up and asked.
“Drive me to Eastern River Bank. I have something to do there,” she ordered without giving him an explanation.
my command,” he said with a nod before finishing his soup in one gulp.
“Your wish is my
He then drove the both of them in his car to Eastern River Bank.
Upon her arrival at the bank, Dahlia was quickly ushered into a private office.
As for Dustin, he was instructed to wait outside.
“Oh? Isn’t this Ms. Nicholson from the Jackson Group? What brings you here to my office today?”
Sitting inside the office was a balding man with a fat head and big ears. He perked up the moment he laid his
beady eyes on her.
“Mr. Chansey, my company has encountered some problems with our capital turnover, so we need a loan from you with the same interest rate as before,” she explained concisely.
“A loan? How much?” he asked while stroking his chin. His lecherous eyes looked her up and down.
*80 million dollars,” she answered without flinching.
CS CamScanner
“Heh, you are aware that this isn’t a small sum of money, right?” he shot back with a pained expression.
“This isn’t the first time we’ve worked together, Mr. Chansey. You should know where my company stands by
now,” she retorted.
“I’m afraid it’s no longer a matter of credibility, but my mood, Ms. Nicholson,” he said slowly.
“What do you mean by that?” she asked, puzzled.
“We’re both smart, so I’ll say it outright. I’ve taken a liking to you for quite some time now, Ms. Nicholson, so
I’m proposing that if you sleep with me for one night, be it 80 million or 300 million dollars, I’ll make sure to
lend all of it to you!” he said, leering.
“Do you have any idea what you just proposed, Mr. Chansey?” she shot back, her brows furrowed.
“I said what I said. I’m well aware that your company is in a crisis right now and that you need money fast. So, I don’t suppose your company could get through these tough times without my funds, right?” he said amusedly.
“Are you threatening me right now?” she asked as her expression darkened.
“No need to phrase it like that, think of it as a mutual exchange. You want my money, and I want you for one night. If you manage to satisfy me, I’ll lend you the money. Isn’t this a mutually beneficial situation for
everyone?” he explained while stretching his hands outward. 1
“You’re absolutely shameless!” she snapped. She didn’t want to give him any more of her time, so she got up
to leave.
“You’d better stay right where you are!” he bellowed before continuing. “The minute you step out of my office, I’ll make sure to blacklist you! Then, good luck finding another bank in Stonia that’s willing to lend you your funds! Thus, you’d better listen to me if you know what’s good for you!”
“I refuse to make such a dirty deal with you even though I’m short on cash! Furthermore—just the sight of your
pig face makes me want to vomit!” she spat coldly.
“What the fuck did you just say to me?!”
As though she managed to hit a nerve, he instantly got out of his seat and started yelling. “For a married woman, you sure are great at acting like a virgin! You should be glad that I laid eyes on you! So, how dare you turn me down like that! Believe it or not, I can make you go bankrupt with one call!”
“You? Bankrupt me? I’d like to see you try,” she snorted.
She was not in the least bit afraid.
“Fine! Since you’re so fucking sure of yourself, don’t blame me if I use a few tricks up my sleeves! When the
time comes, I’ll have you sucking on my toes!” he bellowed.
“Go to hell!” she yelled.
She was so pissed she flung a cup of hot coffee directly onto his stupid face.
It was so hot it made him screech like a bitch and his face soon turned bright red.
Now he really looked like an actual pig roasting on a stick.
###Chapter 61 by Marina Vittori
“Bitch, I’ll fucking kill you!” Mr. Chansey screamed as he touched his scalded face. He was so furious he
started pouncing on Dahlia.
Her quick reflexes allowed her to deliver a swift but deadly kick to Mr. Chansey’s crotch.
“Argh!” he cried out in pain immediately and started rolling on the floor with his hands over his bruised member, his face turning a darker shade of purple by the second.
“You disgust me!” she spat before turning around to leave the room.
This caused her to bump into Dustin, who had been eavesdropping by the door the whole time. “What are you doing here?” she asked angrily.
“Nothing, I was just making sure you were doing okay in there,” he replied while shrugging his shoulders.
His eyes instantly perked up at the sight of Mr. Chansey, who was writhing in pain on the floor.
It was a good thing that she’d managed to mess him up, because if he’d stepped in, he’d surely make sure that Mr. Chansey won’t be using his hands ever again for the remainder of his life.
“We’re done here. Let’s go,” she snapped without any explanation, then started strutting out of the room in her high heels.
She was in a sour mood.
“You fucking stop right where you are now!” Mr. Chansey suddenly bellowed with a fierce expression before continuing. “Running away like a coward after beating someone up? What do you take me for?!”
Under his orders, several security guards immediately started forming a human barricade in front of the main
door to prevent the two of them from leaving.
“You bitch! How dare you kick me? I’ll make sure you never see the light of day again!” he yelled as he stormed
up to her with a hand raised, ready to strike her.
Dustin intercepted his blow without much effort.
“Who do you think you are? How dare you meddle in my affairs? You’d better get away from me if you know what’s good for you!” Mr. Chansey hissed.
“You’d better apologize to her now before I rip your mouth open!” Dustin threatened with an icy expression.
“Like hell I will!” Mr. Chansey spat, his rage growing by the second. He swung his fist at Dustin, but Dustin
managed to dodge it and delivered a heavy slap to his face instead.
This caused Mr. Chansey’s humongous frame to stumble several feet.
The blow had disfigured his face, and when he opened his mouth, some of his teeth fell out.
Everyone at the scene was dumbfounded that Mr. Chansey was sent flying. No one had expected Dustin to be
So vicious.
To think that he had slapped Mr. Chansey In front of everyone. Dld he have no idea that this man was the
1/4
CS CamScanner
manager of Eastern River Bank?
An influential man with power, money, and a vast network!
To offend such a person was simply asking for trouble!
“H–how…dare you hit me?”
Upon noticing the few loose teeth in his palm, Mr. Chansey’s face twisted into a scowl.
“So what if I just beat you up? Do I have to make an appointment first?” Dustin said indifferently.
“Do you even fucking know who my backers are, you little shit? It’s the Spanners! The nerve of you to even lay
a finger on me, do you want to die so badly?!” Mr. Chansey screeched before pulling out his phone to call for
backup.
“Hmm?” Dahlia frowned slightly before making a call herself.
15 minutes later, Florence brought a team of security personnel and made her entrance in the flashiest fashion imaginable.
Standing beside her was a handsome man in a clean suit. The man seemed graceful and elegant and had an
aristocratic air to him.
“Matt Laney?” Dahlia gasped, her eyes wide as she stared at him in shock.
He used to be her upperclassman in school and had even tried to court her for a short while in the past. But
when he’d left the country, the two stopped seeing each other for a long time. She hadn’t expected him to
return so soon, much less with her mother.
“Dahlia! How are you? You’re not hurt, right?” Florence asked worriedly the moment she entered through the door. She was scared that her daughter had gotten hurt.
“I’m fine, Mom. There’s no need to worry,” Dahlia replied as she shook her head slightly.
“Long time no see, Dahlia,” Matt greeted first, as polite as ever.
“Yeah, long time no see,” Dahlia responded with a small nod.
Although she was still somewhat taken aback by his sudden appearance, she decided to regard him as a school friend for now.
“I heard that you came across some trouble lately, so that’s why I rushed all the way here with your mom. So if
there’s anything you need our help with, just let me know,” he said with a grin. His words were calm but full of
confidence.
“I know, right? Nothing is impossible with Matt around!”
“I don’t suppose you caught wind of the incident where our family got arrested. Thanks to Matt, we managed
to get out safe and sound,”
“Not only that, but he also caught that bastard Chris and recovered all the money we were cheated out of!”
“Just look at him. He should be the first person that comes to mind when you think of a capable man!” Florence yammered on, praising him every other sentence.
CS CamScanner
Dahlia could only muster a strained smile upon hearing all of that. “Thanks,” she mumbled.
“It’s no biggle. No need to make me sound so great,” Matt grinned.
“What are you doing here, Rhys?” Florence quizzed as she shifted her gaze to see Dustin standing next to her. She looked somewhat disgusted upon seeing him.
“Mom, it was Dustin who saved me,” Dahlia explained.
“He was the one who saved you? Hmph, it was more likely that he hurt you instead!” Florence’s expression and gaze turned cold as she said, “If it wasn’t for this man who offended Mr. Woods, our family could’ve avoided all that undeserved misfortune in the first place!”
“Mom, this whole thing started because of me. It has nothing to do with Dustin,” Dahlia corrected.
“I can’t believe you’re still taking his side even now. You will regret it sooner or later!” Florence exclaimed,
almost losing her cool.
If not for Matt standing beside her, she would have flung all sorts of expletives at her already.
“Hey, hey, hey… Where did you guys come from again? Do I look like I’m invisible to you all?”
At this time, Mr. Chansey, who was standing in a corner, finally lost his cool.
“Who are you?” Matt asked while glancing at him from the corner of his eye.
“I’m the manager of this bank!” Mr. Chansey barked as he shot him a glare. “I demand that these two people
pay the price for offending me today!”
“Do you know who I fucking am? How dare you speak to me like that?” Matt spat in response as his expression grew cold.
“I don’t care who the hell you are! As long as your nose is in my business, I’ll make sure you never see the light of day too!” Mr. Chansey threatened viciously.
As soon as he finished saying that, two black cars drove up to the entrance of Eastern River Bank.
Immediately after, an army of buff thugs rushed into the building, their leader being an intimidating man who
wore a trench coat and held a cigar in his hand.
The way he walked made him look mighty imposing.
“Heh… My backer has finally arrived. None of you will be able to escape today!” Mr. Chansey guffawed
wickedly.
It wasn’t like he had any connections or a good background, so how dare he act so cocky?
“Holy shit! Isn’t that Sir Zims? What is he doing here?” someone whispered.
“Sir Zims? The new chairman of the Drey Group?” another piped up.
“It’s him! I heard that he was the one who was ruthless enough to kill Sir Spanner in order to climb to the top!”
one exclaimed.
“That guy’s dead meat. I can’t believe he got involved with Sir Zims,” another gossiped.
Whispers erupted from the crowd after everyone got a look at the man in the trench coat. Some even gave Dustin a few sympathetic looks afterward.
Sir Zims‘ infamous name could be heard everywhere these days, up to the point where the mere mention of his name was enough to make anyone turn pale.
“Hmm?” Dustin hummed. He couldn’t help but get an odd feeling in his stomach upon looking at the imposing man in front of him.
And that was because he just realized that Mr. Chansey’s supposed backer was his own newly acquired follower, Mason Zims.
###Chapter 62 by Marina Vittori
“Who dares to stir up trouble on my turf? Do they have a death wish?” Mason Zims bellowed as he strutted with a cigar in his mouth.
Everywhere he went, the crowd dispersed as they were all afraid of provoking him.
Even Dahlia’s expression turned grave upon laying eyes on him.
Although Trevor Spanner was dead, Mason Zims managed to inherit all of his power and was glowing in his element. With Edwin Hummer behind his back too, not many had the privilege of offending him.
sitively
“You escape through the side door. I’ll cover for you!” Dahlia ordered as she stepped forward to shield Dustin. She was an influential figure herself, so even if Mason was batshit crazy, she knew he didn’t have the balls to do anything to her. It was a different story for Dustin though, for he wasn’t an influential figure or anything. So, if he were unfortunate enough to fall into Zim’s clutches, he would end up dead or disabled, at the very least! “You want him to escape? Where to? As long as Sir Zims is here, even if Jesus came down from Heaven today. He won’t be able to save you! Your death is imminent!” Mr. Chansey huffed before cockily strutting up to Mason. “You’ve finally arrived, Sir Zims! Just take a look at my face. Look how it got beat up!” Mr. Chansey lamented.
“What happened here?” Mason asked with an eyebrow raised.
“The story is, this woman approached me for a loan just now. But when I noticed that she had bad credit, I refused to lend her any money. Who knew she’d be so shameless as to start seducing me on top of toying with other men? And just because I didn’t want to give in to her mind games, she beat me up! Can you believe this?” Mr. Chansey lied through his teeth, spewing out bullshit the whole time.
“Oh, she’s a wild one, I see? Did you mention my name?” Mason snapped. He didn’t look like he came here to make friends.
“Of course I did! But they didn’t bat an eye at the mention of your name and even boldly proclaimed that they’d just fight you if you showed up!” Mr. Chansey instigated.
“Good–no, excellent! If I don’t flex my muscles once in a while, people will start thinking I’ve lost my touch!” Mason guffawed wickedly. He had just taken control of the Drey Group and was worried he’d have no opportunity to push his weight around.
It was about time a few people who weren’t afraid of death came up to him today!
“What a load of crap!” Dahlia exploded after holding herself back for so long. She took a few steps forward and started explaining. “Sir Zims, I was the one who approached him to take out a loan, but not only did he deny me a loan, he even tried to make things difficult for me! All those accusations about seducing him and toying with other men were totally made up and untrue, to say the least. He was lying the whole ti-
But before she could finish her sentence, she was interrupted by a wave from Mason’s hand. “What makes you think that I care about the truth? I don’t give a shit about who was right or wrong. The fact of the matter was that you picked a fight with someone on my turf, which meant that you were indirectly disrespecting me as well! So, for everyone who disrespects me, whether it be Tom, Dick, or Harry, I’ll have them kneel in front of me to beg for forgiveness.”
1/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 62
Dahlia couldn’t help but frown upon hearing that. She didn’t expect him to be so unreasonable.
“Heh, didn’t you hear what he just said? Hurry up and kneel on the ground and beg for your life to be spared!” Mr. Chansey snickered. He was well aware of Mason’s character, which was why he dared to act so cocky and
reckless now.
“Tell me…Who was the man who hit you just now? Let’s see if he can escape with his hands intact today!” Mason twirled a knife in his hand. He vowed to make an example of someone today, no matter what!
“Sir Zims, he was the little shit who beat me up!” Mr. Chansey stretched out a finger and pointed.
As Mason chewed on a cigar hanging from his mouth, he raised his chin and turned his head around to see who it was. However, the moment his gaze met Dustin’s, it was as if his whole body was struck by lightning
and he became frozen on the spot!
The steel knife in his hand also fell to the ground and clattered on the floor.
“Oh, my God, why him of all people?!” Mason thought nervously. His body stiffened upon gazing at Dustin’s familiar face. Cold sweat immediately broke out on his face. He was so scared his legs started to buckle.
Even after all this time, that image of Dustin wiping out an entire building by himself was still as fresh in his mind as ever. It still gave him nightmares to this day. He became even more frightened after hearing about
Travis Spanner’s disappearance and the destruction of Spanner Villa two days ago.
That was because he knew very well that it was all Dustin’s doing. Somehow, Dustin had managed to make
Travis Spanner, a general of the western warzone, disappear without a trace in just one night.
That just solidified how terrifying the man standing in front of him was!
“Fucking pig! Why’d he have to get me in this mess!” he grumbled to himself.
“Weren’t you barking like a rabid dog just now, you little shit? Why aren’t you saying anything now that Sir Zims is here?” Mr. Chansey, who still didn’t get the memo, continued taunting Dustin as if he had nine lives.” Let’s see if you dare slap me again. I’ll see to it that you die a horrible death today!” The moment he finished speaking, Mason saw a chance to redeem himself and rushed forward to slap the living daylights out of
Chansey!
The sound of a crunch came, followed by a staggering Mr. Chansey, who looked like he was about to collapse any second. A red handmark could clearly be seen on his face.
“Sir Zims? A–aren’t you beating up the wrong person right now?” Mr. Chansey mumbled as he used his hands to cover his somewhat shocked expression.
“Me, beating up the wrong guy? But you’re the guy I’m supposed to beat up!” Mason roared furiously, and without skipping a beat, he lifted a hand to slap Chansey a few more times before throwing him onto the
ground.
As if that did not quell his rage, he started to punch and kick Chansey again, cussing him out as he went.
“You fat pig! I feel like throwing up whenever I see you! Why would such a stunning woman like Ms. Nicholson seduce you? Do you even know what you look like?! How fucking dare you spread my name so casually like that! How dare you make a fool out of me, I’ll see to it that you stay dead!”
2/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 62
The more he cursed, the fiercer he became and the more blows he delivered.
At this point, Mr. Chansey had been beaten up to the extent of crying like a little bitch, screaming for his parents, while he cradled his head and begged for mercy at the same time.
“What the hell is going on here?” someone whispered from the crowd.
The sudden turn of events left the crowd stunned. No one had expected the tables to turn so drastically. Wasn’t Mason, who arrived like a hurricane minutes before, supposed to be on Mr. Chansey’s side? So why was he beating up his own teammate instead?
Who was on whose side now actually?
“Um…” Dahlia trailed off as her eyes widened. She was speechless at Mason’s sudden shift in attitude.
“Just a second ago, he paraded around like a cocky motherfucker, acting so domineering and unreasonable but
now he was pretending as if he had a halo on his head, and was putting on a righteous front. More importantly, she could obviously make out that there was a trace of fear on his face.
However, that was the part that got her stumped. Could one still be fearful of anything or anyone after assassinating someone so powerful as Sir Spanner?
Looking around the room, her gaze eventually landed on Dustin. Come to think of it, Mason’s sudden shift in attitude seemed to have something to do with his encounter with Dustin.
Was it possible that Mason was terrified of Dustin?
###Chapter 63 by Marina Vittori
“No! That’s impossible!” Dahlia thought. She denied the notion as soon as it emerged. Apart from his good looks, Dustin was just an average man. There was nothing special about him.
Mason, on the other hand, had not only taken over Sir Spanner’s position and had authority over the Drey Group, but he also had hundreds of henchmen at his beck and call. Why would he be intimidated by a small fry like Dustin?
She must be delusional. Mason’s kicks and punches rained down on Mr. Chansey unceasingly, causing him to spit blood.
He saw no other way to it than to give Mr. Chansey1 a good beating for fear that Dustin would do him in out of wrath.
“I’m sorry, Sir Zims, I was wrong! Please stop, I’m begging you, please stop!” Mr. Chansey cried out between wails.
Mason only stopped after he sneaked a glance at Dustin and saw that his countenance was much calmer than before. He counted himself lucky that there was a scapegoat. He would have been in a bad spot otherwise.
“A fat lot of use apologizing to me! If Ms. Nicholson does not forgive you, you will not see tomorrow!” Mason scolded harshly.
“I’m terribly sorry, Ms. Nicholson! I was wrong, it was all my fault. This will never happen again. Please forgive me!” Mr. Chansey was on his knees as he begged for forgiveness. Long gone was his unbridled arrogance.
“That’s enough. Don’t ever let me see you again!” Dahlia uttered frostily.
“Yes, I’ll get lost right this instant!” He nodded incessantly and dashed for the exit. He did not even stop to
retrieve his shoe that fell off on his way out.
“My apologies, Ms. Nicholson. The blame is on me. He offended you because I have not disciplined him well. I will reflect on my mistakes.” Mason smiled apologetically. He was a smart cookie. Knowing that Dustin
always maintained a low profile, he did not blow his cover.
“How fair and just you are, Sir Zims. I’m impressed.” Dahlia gave a slight smile.
“Oh no, I’m only doing what’s right,” Mason replied with a guilty conscience.
“Hmph, at least you know where you stand!” Matt announced haughtily. “Had Dahlia been harmed in the slightest today, I would not have let you off the hook!”
“No, I wouldn’t dare,” Mason continued with the same apologetic smile. He had no idea who Matt was, but
seeing that he was with Mr. Rhys, Mason was sure he wasn’t someone to be trifled with.
“Take your men with you and scram. Such eyesores!” Matt said condescendingly.
Mason dared not retort. He peeked at Dustin for a brief moment before taking his leave. In no time, all his
CS CamScanner
lackeys dispersed.
“Once again, Matt saves the day!” Florence’s eyes lit up as she smiled excitedly. “Dahlia, did you see that? Wasn’t Sir Zims cocky earlier on? But once he saw Matt, he got so scared that he was just short of peeing his pants! And that’s how powerful the Laneys are!”
As soon as she said that, the realization dawned on the crowd.
“No wonder Sir Zims was terrified. We have a big shot here!”
“I wonder who that attractive man is. It’s amazing how he scared SirZims off like that!”
“He’s handsome and he’s powerful. How does one even resist a man like that?”
A few ladies in the crowd fawned over how charming Matt was.
“The Laneys are, after all, a powerful family of the nobility. I think we have a say on what goes on around here.
Dealing with a mere thug is no big deal.” Matt smiled, feigning modesty.
“It’s no big deal to you, but it would definitely not be an easy feat for some people.” Florence then looked at
Dustin out of the corner of her eye and said cynically. “Hey Rhys, Matt here just saved your life. Are you not
going to thank him?”
“Why should I thank him?” Dustin could not seem to fathom it.
“Why? Well, had Matt not dealt with Sir Zims, do you think you could get out of this unscathed?” Florence
asked as she crossed her arms.
“First things first, I did not need his help. Secondly, he had nothing to do with me getting away,” Dustin said.
“Hmph! How stubborn!” Florence then continued, full of disdain, “Matt just saved you, and not only are you unappreciative, but you’re also boasting so shamelessly. Have you no conscience?”
“Precisely! What’s wrong with him? That is so rude of him!”
“He’s not even thanking the person who saved him! Should have left him to fend for himself!”
A few girls crowded around were outraged by the injustice toward Matt. From the way they saw it, Dustin was
plain ungrateful.
“Forget it, it’s just a small matter. Let’s not make a fuss.” Matt said with a wave of his hand, trying to look
magnanimous.
“Oh, Matt, you’re just too kind! Ungrateful bastards like this one here deserve to suffer!” Florence was
indignant.
“I simply saved him for Dahlia’s sake,” Matt smiled slightly and turned to look at Dustin. “Speaking of which, I should be the one thanking you. Thank you for taking care of Dahlia in my stead for the past three years.”
Matt appeared to be thanking Dustin, but his words seemed to carry a different meaning. From what he said,
he had staked his claim on Dahlia, making her his.
“Well, if you’re thanking me, why don’t you kneel before me? That’s not too much to ask for, is it?” Dustin
challenged.
CS CamScanner
Matt was at a loss for words. His eyes narrowed ever so slightly. “I was just playing nice. Does he really think I’m easy?” he thought to himself.
“Hey Rhys, I’m warning you, you better watch your mouth!” Florence was furious.
Dahlia remained silent, but her brows furrowed too. She thought that Dustin had crossed the line too. After all, Matt had helped him out of a dire situation. Even if he wasn’t grateful, he should at least be polite.
“Dustin, you were able to win her hand back then because I went abroad. But now that I’m back, you will not
have the chance anymore.” Matt lowered his voice as he approached Dustin.
“Is that so? I beg to differ.” Dustin shrugged.
“You should know where you stand. You and I, we’re in totally different leagues.” Matt straightened out his suit and looked down his nose at Dustin with scorn. “Can you even begin to comprehend how vastly different we are in social standing? Everything that you dare not even dream of having is within my grasp. And that is
the difference between us!”
He spoke in such low tones that his words were only audible to the both of them.
“I do not know where you got your inflated ego from, but if there’s one thing you should know, it’s that you do
not mess with me.” There was no trace of emotion on Dustin’s face.
Matt sniggered meanly. “Very well, we shall see then.” He reached out to pat Dustin on the shoulder when he paused midway, reconsidering his decision and retracting his hand slowly as though the act would soil his hand. The simple gesture itself was packed with a ton of humiliation.
“Alright, alright. Let’s not waste time conversing with the likes of him. How about I treat you to a good meal at Hillview Hotel to celebrate your return?” Florence suggested with a smile.
“I would be honored.” Matt turned around and his innocent facade was back in place again, a smile plastered
on his face.
“Come on, let’s go then.” Without another word, Florence led Dahlia away. Dahlia turned to speak to Dustin but failed to find the right words to say.
###Chapter 64 by Marina Vittori
Natasha was enjoying her coffee with Duane at Java Joys.
“Do you still remember our bet, Natasha? Three days are up, and I’m still fit as a fiddle. Isn’t it time for you to
make good on your promise?” Duane asked with a smile as he sipped on his coffee.
“Why are
e you so impatient, Uncle Duane? We’ve got half a day left before time is up.” Natasha said collectedly.
“Hah! You can’t really be buying what that little swindler said, can you?” Duane found it ridiculous. “I’ve been
practicing martial arts for years. How would I not know my own physical condition? Look at me! Does it look like there’s anything wrong with me?” 1
“I don’t know if you look like anything, but I trust Dustin’s judgment.” Natasha smiled.
“Hmph! I wonder how that little swindler brainwashed you. Why do you trust him so much?” Duane wondered aloud.
“Who knows? Maybe this is just how things were meant to be.” The corners of Natasha’s lips tugged upward as she thought of Dustin. “Anyway, half a day is left before time is up. If you’re still fine before the sun sets, I’ll make good on my promise!“1
“Fine! Half a day it is, then! When the time is up, I’ll show you what a liar that little swindler truly is!” With that, Duane left with his bodyguards in tow.
Once they were out the door and got into their car, one of Duane’s trusted bodyguards couldn’t resist asking, “I
don’t get it, sir. Ms. Harmon is such an exceptional lady. Why would she fall for that little swindler?”
“She never plays by the book. When you find an opportunity, look into Rhys‘ background.” Duane instructed.
“Yes, sir!”
The bodyguard started the car after answering him. As the car drove on, Duane leaned back to relax. Not a moment later, he felt a sharp pain in his chest. He dismissed it initially, but as time went on, the pain became increasingly acute and unbearable.
It felt like a knife was stabbed into his chest and twisted around continuously. As tough as he was, the pain
caused him to gasp.
“It can’t be! Could it be that the little swindler was telling the truth all along?” he wondered. Duane clutched at
his chest as he broke out in perspiration.
“What’s wrong, sir?” His bodyguard was quick to notice his discomfort.
“Quick! Send me back to Java Joys immediately!” Finally, Duane could bear it no longer. He ordered his bodyguard to turn back.
Flooring it the entire way, they were back at Java Joys in a flash.
“Uncle Duane, what’s wrong? Do you need to use the washroom?” Natasha raised her brows at the sight of
Duane, who was drenched in sweat.
“Who said anything about using the washroom? Can’t you see that he’s in pain?” His bodyguard huffed.
1/3
CS CamScanner
“Hmm? And who are you to run your mouth here?”
The bodyguard immediately lowered his head as Natasha shot a glare in his direction. In a split second, his blood ran cold.
“Natasha! My chest hurts! Get that little swindler here to help me, pronto!” Duane said with agony written all over his face.
“Uncle Duane, it seems to me that Dustin was right. He said you’d get an attack within three days, and he
wasn’t lying. Doesn’t seem appropriate that you’re still addressing him as a little swindler, does it?” Natasha
remarked impassively.
“Fine, fine! He isn’t a swindler, I was wrong to call him that. Now can you get him here?” Duane gritted his
teeth.
“Uncle Duane, you’re the one asking him for a favor. It’s not nice to make him come here, don’t you think?” Natasha commented with a vague smile.
“You!” Duane was on the verge of rage, but in the end he chose to restrain himself. “Where is Dustin? I’ll go to
him
“Hang on, let me give him a call to see where he is.” Natasha smiled as she dug around for her phone to make
the call. Once she got Dustin’s location, she announced, “Peaceful Medical Centre.”
“Move it! Get to Peaceful Medical Centre right away!” Duane dared not dally any longer. He rushed to the
medical center. What should have been a 30–minute journey took them only 15. They ran multiple red lights
along the way.
“So you are here, you rascal!” Duane made his way in covered in sweat. He spotted Dustin, who was reading, the moment he entered. “Damn it! I’m suffering in such agony, and here you are, happily reading?” Duane
cursed internally.
“Uncle Duane, why are you here?” Dustin was taken aback for a brief moment, but he quickly came around.
From the looks of it, he must have suffered an attack.
“Tell me! I’ve been well all along. Why am I suddenly experiencing pain in my chest? Have you got something to do with this, you brat?” Duane questioned through clenched jaws. He had little faith in Dustin to begin with. And now, he was really suffering within three days, just as Dustin had predicted. It was only natural that he would suspect that Dustin was behind everything.
“Uncle Duane, what are you implying? Are you saying that I did this to you?” Dustin’s brows knitted together. showing his displeasure.
“Forget it! I don’t care who did it! Just get over here and treat me!” Duane said impatiently. The pain in his chest was getting unbearable. Every second that passed was pure torture to him. His priority was to get relief.
“Why the hell are you still standing there? Get your ass here right this instant! If my boss‘ condition gets any worse, I’ll make you regret the day you were born!” Duane’s bodyguard, who was by his side, threatened.
Dustin’s expression froze over when he heard those words. They were the ones who needed his help, but this was the kind of attitude they came with? Who did they think they were?
CS CamScanner
“If this is the attitude I’m getting, then you’d better find someone else to heal you. I’m not the person to help you,” Dustin declared flatly.
“What did you just say?” Duane stopped for a moment before his expression turned malicious. “You bastard! I only came here because of Natashal Don’t be so full of yourself!”
“Is that so?” Dustin scoffed. “Truth be told, I’m only addressing you as Uncle Duane out of respect toward Ms. Harmon. If not for her, you are nothing to me. Also, it would do you good to figure out how things stand right now. You are the one who came to me, asking for help. Not the other way around! Now, please get the hell out
of here!”
###Chapter 65 by Marina Vittori
Dustin’s words took everyone by surprise. No one had expected him to be so audacious as to disregard them.
“You brat! Are you even hearing yourself?” Duane’s jaws were tightly clenched and his expression was slightly distorted from the anguish. He was a person of prestige in South City, much less a small place like Swinton. And now, this little scoundrel dared speak to him like that?
How impudent!
“I know very well what I’m saying. You, however, do not seem to fathom the severity of the situation at hand. I
am the only one who can help with your condition,” Dustin spelled out coldly.
“You rascal! Don’t go around thinking that you’re some miracle worker just because you’ve got some medical
tricks up your sleeves! You better know what’s best for you before I lose my temper!” Duane bellowed.
“That’s right! I’ll break your face if you don’t cure my boss!” Duane’s bodyguard threatened.
“You’ll break my face? I’d like to see you try.” Dustin sneered.
“I guess this one wouldn’t be afraid until death stares him in the face!” The bodyguard was angered. He took a
step forward and threw a punch at Dustin’s face. His fist was on the target, and it came on fast. It was evident
that he was a skilled fighter.
Before the punch made contact with his face, Dustin grunted and gave the bodyguard such a strong slap that
it sent him sprawling backward.
The bodyguard did not even have the chance to make a sound as he passed out on the spot, face disfigured.
Duane’s face fell. It never occurred to him that Dustin was proficient in martial arts too.
“What’s the matter?” Natasha came strolling in at her own pace, looking haughty and carrying an air of
authority. Even without knowing what was going on, she instinctively stood by Dustin.
“Natasha! This insolent rascal not only refused to heal me, he even beat my man up! Tell me, how do you think. this should be handled?” Duane asked with hostility.
“Uncle Duane, I believe Dustin would not have attacked your man without being provoked. That being the case, your man brought it upon himself!” Natasha responded firmly.
Duane’s brows furrowed. “So, you’re adamant about taking his side?”
“Of course!” Natasha lifted her chin. “Dustin is my friend. If you have any problem with him, you may come to
me.”
“Hmph! You’re turning against me for an outsider? Have you considered how you’re going to tell your parents about this?” Duane roared.
“That’s not something you should worry about, Uncle Duane. I’ll deal with them myself.“Natasha then continued stonily, “But you, Uncle Duane, look like you’re in serious pain. I think you’d better seek help. Don’t
wait till it gets any worse.”
“You! Very well! Let’s go!” After giving them a spiteful glare, Duane left in a huff. Natasha’s reaction was not
CS CamScanner
Chapter 65
what he expected. But considering her status, he had no intention of crossing her, so he had no choice but to
walk away.
“Will you be in any sort of trouble for helping me out?” Dustin asked. Though he was not intimidated by Duane. he was still grateful to Natasha.
“Trouble?” Natasha chuckled. “Well, they used to call me Black Widow. Venomous and deadly, apparently.
What’s this trivial matter got on me?”
“Well, isn’t that phenomenal?” Dustin raised a brow.
“But of course! Are you interested in finding out?”
“Finding out? How?” Natasha chuckled yet again. With a sultry grin, she leaned into Dustin and whispered into
his ear. “Come over to my room tonight. I’ll show you.”
And then, she pulled away, biting her lower lip. That was no mistaking it for anything but seduction.
Dustin kept quiet and pretended not to hear her. His eyelid twitched. This woman was really something.
seducing him in broad daylight.
Meanwhile, Duane’s chest was hurting so much that he rushed to the hospital as quickly as he could.
“Quick! Get a doctor!”
Following Duane’s bodyguard’s rude barks, a group of doctors rushed to the emergency ward to tend to him. However, after going through a series of tests, the doctors came to the astonishing conclusion that there was absolutely nothing wrong with Duane. He was perfectly fine.
“Sir, are you sure that you are experiencing pain in your chest?” a doctor asked.
“Why the fuck would I be lying about it?” Duane replied none too kindly. “Fuck it! I’m so close to spasming from the damned pain! Why would I be lying?” he thought.
“Well, the thing is, we are unable to diagnose the issue. Why don’t you get a consultation from another
hospital?”
“You bunch of worthless morons!” Duane left after spewing profanities. Without a moment to waste, he hurried to two other renowned hospitals. Still, their conclusions were the same: He was perfectly healthy and nothing
was wrong with him.
“How could this be?” Duane grabbed at his chest, pale–faced with sweat running down his face. The worst part was that the pain was intensifying as time went on. It was as though he would never see the end of it. He had been practicing martial arts for many, many years, and he believed himself to be tough and resilient. But the excruciating pain he was going through was simply intolerable. He thought that he might lose his mind if it carried on any longer.
“Sir, even the hospitals can’t help. What do we do now?” Seeing Duane in so much pain, his bodyguards were
at a loss.
“Could it be possible that the rascal is the only one who can help me?” Recalling Dustin’s words, Duane gritted his teeth. Ultimately, he had no choice but to give in. “Head to Peaceful Medical Centre. Get that rascal
to help.”
2/3
CS CamScanner
Duane’s men dared not question his decision. They immediately sent him back to Peaceful Medical Centre. This time around, they lost all the contempt and arrogance they had before.
“Well, if it isn’t Uncle Duane? What’s got you coming back so soon?” Natasha, who had been biding her time, rose to greet him with a smile.
“Natasha, I acted rashly and said some rubbish earlier on. Please don’t take it to heart. Can you please get
Dustin to help me?” Duane tried to put on a smile.
“Uncle Duane, there’s no use telling me that. It’d be better for you to say it to Dustin.” Natasha gestured at Dustin behind her. He was reading leisurely, taking no heed of the few men who had just entered.
Duane cleared his throat before starting, “Hey, Rhys, I’m really sorry. I was in such agony that I was rash with my words and offended you. Please do not mind me. I’m really sorry, I apologize.”
Duane chose to yield to him. Seeing that Dustin was ignoring him, he offered, “Hey, if you help me, you can have your pick out of my collection of treasured herbs.”
Dustin finally lifted his head when he heard that.
###Chapter 66 by Marina Vittori
Dustin had no interest in wealth or riches. But at the moment, he had a pressing need for rare herbs. The old drunkard’s condition had gotten worse day by day. He might not even make it through the year. He needed to gather five types of rare herbs to be able to treat him.
“I am extremely fussy when it comes to herbs. Your collection might not necessarily be useful to me,” Dustin voiced out.
“I can get you whatever herb you need!” Duane guaranteed immediately.
“Do you have the Gozoraberry?” Dustin queried.
“Uh… no.” Duane shook his head.
“Flower of Crimson Gem?”
“I don’t have that either.”
“What about Cherusia?”
“Rhys, I’ve never even heard of these herbs you are naming.” Duane’s expression turned bitter.
“How about aged Panax root and ancient Heliotrope? I’m sure you’ve heard of those.” Dustin’s eyes narrowed.
“Yes, I’ve heard of those! I know those herbs!” Duane nodded. Those two herbs cost a king’s ransom, but at least he’s heard of them.
“And do you have them?” Dustin asked.
“I’m not sure about the ancient Heliotrope, but I can get you the aged Panax root. But it’ll take a few days.” Duane answered.
“Fine, then come back when you have them.” Dustin said with a wave of his hand.
“Oh, come on, Rhys! My chest is aching so badly! I can’t stand it anymore! Please help me first! I promise I’ll
send the Panax root in a few days!” Duane lost his cool.
Dustin kept quiet and turned to look at Natasha beside him. He did not trust Duane. What if he went back on
his word once Dustin cured him?
“Natasha, please, persuade him. You know I never go back on my word. I always make good on my promises!”
Duane begged.
“Of course, Uncle Duane. I know that you never go back on a promise. But I think we can do better than just at Panax root,” Natasha bargained.
“What else do you need? I’ll try my best to get it.” Duane quickly got the picture. It was obvious that Natasha
was trying to raise the price now that they were in control. But he was in no position to haggle.
“Uncle Duane, I heard that you’ve got quite a number of properties in Swinton. Hillview Hotel, especially, is doing exceptionally well. Why don’t you give it to Dustin as a gift?” A vague smile crept up on Natasha’s face.
“What?” Duane’s lips twitched. Damn it! Hillview Hotel was his golden goose! If he were to sell it, he could
1/2
CS CamScanner
easily get up to a billion dollars for it! This woman was demanding quite a lot!
“Are you unwilling to part with It?” Natasha raised a brow.
“Of course not! As long as Rhys will save me, a hotel means nothing to me!” Duane forced a smile. He had no other alternative than to comply with their demands.
“Dustin, seeing how Uncle Duane is being so nice, why don’t you help him this time?” Natasha turned to him
and winked.
“Alright, then.” Dustin nodded. He then pulled out a black pill and tossed it to Duane. “You’ll be fine after eating this.”
“What’s this?”
The pill looked too much like a turd. A frown formed on Duane’s face. Did he lose close to a billion dollars just
for this?
“If you do not believe me, you can opt not to eat it.” Dustin did not pressure him to consume the pill.
“Of course I do!” Steeling himself, Duane swallowed the pill. He had to try it to know if it worked.
The pill dissolved very quickly, and soon Duane felt a warm feeling spreading over his body. As the warmth spread out, the pain in his chest began to dissipate. In mere minutes, the sharp, agonizing pain miraculously disappeared altogether.
“It actually worked?” Duane was pleasantly surprised.
He patted himself all over to make sure that he was really alright. Finally, he heaved a long breath of relief.
###Chapter 67 by Marina Vittori
“So, Uncle Duane, what do you think of Dustin’s medical skills? Are you impressed?” Natasha asked with a smirk, evidently proud. After all, this was the man she had taken a liking to.
“Who knew that a single pill could work such wonders?” Duane’s eyes lit up as he said. “Rhys, may I know what this pill is? Can I have a few more? I’ll pay for it. Just name your price!”
*This is Gemiphen. It’s a confidential prescription. And because the ingredients are too valuable, the pill that you just had was my only one,” Dustin replied, aloof.
“That’s okay, just sell me the prescription then.” Duane was not one to give up easily. He was a tycoon in the medical industry. He knew how immensely precious such miraculous medicines are. If he could manufacture them in bulk, he would have struck gold!
“I told you, the prescription is confidential. There’s no way I’m selling it.“Dustin stopped himself before he continued, “Of course, if you could find me another rare herb, I can give you the prescription for the Gemiphen. No charges.”
“Well…” Duane appeared reluctant. It was hard enough to get him the aged Panax root. How much harder would it be to get the ancient Heliotrope? As for the Gozoraberry, the flower of Crimson Gem, and the Cherusia, he had never even heard of them, much less know where to get them.
“There’s no rush, Uncle Duane. We can continue discussing this after we get the Panax root.” Natasha smiled
as she rubbed her stomach. “I’m suddenly feeling quite hungry, Uncle Duane. Why don’t we go for a meal at
Hillview Restaurant? You can also transfer the ownership of the hotel to Dustin while we’re there.”
Duane’s eyelid twitched. This was one impatient lady! Though it pained him to do so, there was nothing else
Duane could do other than agree. After all, he had made a promise, and he couldn’t very well go back on it. So, after some small talk, they made their way to Hillview Hotel.
Hillview Hotel was situated in an excellent location, right by Lake Vestine. It was famous for its rooftop restaurant, which was Hillview Restaurant. Because of its geographical advantage, it had an extraordinary view overlooking half of Swinton. The night view was particularly breathtaking. With exemplary service and exquisite food, it was no wonder that Hillview Restaurant was patronized by many of the rich and famous.
Furthermore, they only served VIPs, so regular folk were not allowed to set foot there.
Once they reached Hillview Restaurant, the three got a private room to themselves and ordered some of the signature dishes. They soon began to dig in.
Meanwhile, a Mercedes–Benz SUV stopped in front of the main entrance to Hillview Hotel. The car door
opened and Florence stepped out of the car.
“Matt, Hillview Restaurant is a wonderful place. Since you’ve helped us out so much, I’ll treat you to a nice dinner today. Dahlia will be here soon. She’s on her way. Let’s head in without her.” Florence led Matt and James into the hotel, but when they reached the highest floor, they were stopped by a waiter.
“I’m sorry, I’m afraid you can’t come in.”
“What? We’re not allowed to enter?” James glared at the waiter, displeased. “Do you know who we are? How
dare you stop me?”
CS CamScanner
“You’re running a business here! Aren’t you supposed to serve guests? What do you mean we can’t go in? Who are you to look down on us?” Florence asked mastily.
They had anticipated having a good meal there, but they ended up being denied entry. Peeved was an understatement.
“My apologies, but we only serve VIPS,” the waiter answered respectfully.
“What’s so great about a VIP? We’ll just apply to be a VIP then!” Florence scoffed.
“May I please know if you’re applying for a regular VIP or a Deluxe VIP?” the waiter asked with a smile.
“Of course we’re going for the Deluxe VIP! Do we look like we can’t afford it?” James asked arrogantly as he lifted his chin.
“Yes, we only go for the best!” Florence whipped out her card.
Matt was watching them. She couldn’t afford to embarrass herself in his presence.
“Sure. You’ll have to put in a deposit of five million dollars for the Deluxe VIP.” The waiter was still smiling.
“What? Five million?”
Both Florence and James were bewildered when they heard what the waiter said. Florence, who had her card in her hand, immediately withdrew her hand.
###Chapter 68 by Marina Vittori
“Are you kidding me? Five million dollars for Deluxe VIP?” Astonishment was written all over James‘ face.
“Exactly! This is daylight robbery!” Florence flew into a rage to cover up her embarrassment. She was lucky she drew her card back in time, or she would have maxed out on her card.
“These are rules set by our proprietor. If that’s too much for you, you can opt for the regular VIP.”
“And— how much would the regular VIP cost?” Florence probed.
“A deposit of one million dollars will make you a regular VIP.” the waiter informed them.
“One million? That’s not much better!” Florence frowned. “We’re just here for a meal. It won’t cost so much. Can’t you just let us in? I’ll make sure you get handsomely tipped!” Had she known that Hillview Restaurant charged such exorbitant prices, she would never have chosen to go there in the first place!
“I’m sorry, but we only serve VIPs.” The waiter put on a professional smile.
“Hey! Why are you so inflexible? Get me your manager! I’ll talk to him personally!” Florence could no longer hold in her temper.
“I’m sorry, but our manager is currently serving three other distinguished guests. I’m afraid he doesn’t have the time.” The waiter’s smile was slowly fading away.
“You!” Florence was exasperated. “Mom, forget it. Why don’t we just go somewhere else?” James prompted. As lovely as Hillview Restaurant was, it was way too pricey.
“We’re already here! We’ll make a joke of ourselves if we leave now!” Florence glared at him. “Allow me, Mrs. Nicholson.”
Matt smiled as he stepped forward, gracefully producing a gold card and handing it to the waiter. “I am a Gold
VIP, so I get 20% off on all my spending here.”
“Gold VIP?” That gave Florence quite a shock. “How much did that cost you?”
“Not too much, just ten million dollars.” Matt smiled.
“Ten million?” Florence and James‘ eyes widened. Was he joking? Ten million dollars, not too much? They had thought that
they were pretty well off, but it seemed like they were nothing compared to Matt!
“Please step inside, honored guests!” In a flash, the waiter’s attitude changed and became exceedingly
welcoming after verifying that the card was valid.
“Shall we?” Matt gestured courteously for them to go first.
“Hmph! Bootlicker! My friend Matt here is a Gold VIP! See that?” James strutted in pompously after giving the
waiter a dirty look.
CS CamScanner
Chapter 68
Feeling very pleased, Florence sashayed in with her chest puffed up and head held high.
Just then, Dustin emerged from one of the private rooms. He had been on his way to the men’s room when he bumped into them.
“Rhys? What are you doing here?” James scowled at the sight of him. He was still very much hung up on being slapped a while back.
“If you can be here, then so can I,” Dustin answered coldly.
“Hah! What makes you think we’re on the same level? We are Gold VIPs here,” James declared snobbishly.
“That’s right! This place is exclusively for VIPS, requiring a deposit of one million dollars for even the most basic VIP. Can you afford that?” Florence remarked condescendingly.
“Indeed, I do not have a million dollars,” Dustin admitted. It was true that he did not have much. But it would
not be hard for him to get the money.
“Then what are you doing here if you do not have the money? Get out! Do not lower the standards here!” James * expression was one of contempt.
“Exactly! Go look at yourself in the mirror! Who are you to appear in such a posh restaurant?” Florence
sniggered.
“Oi! You there! Come here and get this guy out! He’s ruining our appetite!” James waved a waiter over to kick Dustin out of the restaurant.
“I’m sorry, he is one of our guests too.” The waiter smiled apologetically.
“So what? We are Gold VIPs! Is he more distinguished than us? I am telling you to get rid of this person! This is an order!” James barked.
“Um…” The waiter looked uneasy.
“What? Are you going to disregard a Gold VIP? With such service, you better watch out. I have quite a mind to lodge a complaint against you!” Florence threatened.
“My apologies, but we do not have such rules here.” The waiter had his hands tied.
“Hmph! If you can’t make the call, get your manager here!”
“That’s right! Get the manager here! I’d like to see if he prioritizes this miserable man over his Gold VIPs!” Florence and James pressed unforgivingly. They were making a big show out of having a Gold VIP card. Even the other diners were throwing them dirty looks.
Under their persistent demands, the waiter dared not say more and rushed off to get the manager.
“Mom, what are the both of you doing?” Dahlia called out as she arrived. She was surprised to see Dustin. Why are you here?”
“I’m here for a meal, of course. Why else?” Dustin shrugged.
“This is quite a pricey place for a meal,” Dahlia reminded him.
CS CamScanner
“Oh, so you think I can’t afford to have a meal here too?” Dustin raised a brow.
“I didn’t mean that…”
Just as Dahlia was about to explain herself, the waiter rushed back with the manager.
“I’m the manager here. Is anything the matter?”
“So you’re the manager? Great! There’s a man who sneaked in. I’m ordering you to get him out of here immediately!” James was swollen with arrogance.
“Sir, you must be mistaken. We have very strict security here. No one is able to sneak in,” the manager explained.
“And I’m telling you, there is! I’m warning you, we are Gold VIPs! If you do not want trouble, you best do as I “say!”
“That’s right! He’s affecting me and seriously ruining my appetite. I don’t care what you say, just get him out of here!”
Florence and James were throwing their weight around, not bothering to play nice. 1
“Could you please let me know who you are referring to?” the manager inquired.
“It’s him!” James pointed at Dustin.
The manager’s expression clouded over when he saw that. “Excuse me, sir, please do not try to play the fool!”
“What? You’re defying me? We are Gold VIPs!” James glowered. He sounded like a broken tape recorder.
The manager simply scoffed at that. “It doesn’t matter if you’re a Gold VIP. Even if you were the President of Stonia himself, it wouldn’t matter. Because this man here is the owner of Hillview Restaurant!”
The whole room fell into a breathless silence.
###Chapter 69 by Marina Vittori
“What? He’s the owner?!” James was stunned by the twist in events. He couldn’t believe his ears.
“You must be joking! How could he be the owner of this restaurant?” Florence exclaimed in disbelief.
“Why would it be impossible? I have never seen such arrogant and snobbish patrons as the two of you. How dare you try to make a scene here?” The restaurant manager replied in disgust.
Earlier, he had seen Duane, the preceding owner, handing over ownership of Hillview Hotel to Dustin in the private booth.
“This can’t be! Dustin is as poor as a church mouse. Where did he get the money to buy a restaurant?” Astonishment was written all over James’s face.
“That’s none of your business. The only thing you need to know now is that the restaurant belongs to me. I have the authority to kick you out instead,” Dustin answered calmly.
At this, the expressions on both their faces turned black with anger and humiliation. They had planned on upstaging Dustin by shoving their privilege as a Gold VIP into his face. Who would have thought that he was the owner of Hillview Hotel? What a disgrace!
“Mr. Rhys, should we remove these troublemakers from the restaurant?” The manager spoke up.
“No need for that. We should provide good service to our customers. Furthermore, they are still our privileged customers. Send them a bottle of red wine on the house,” Dustin replied.
“Very well, sir.” The manager nodded.
“What a showoff. Frankly, he only knows how to leech off women!”
“That’s right! He thinks that he is such a big shot when in fact, he is just a freeloader!”
Florence and James grumbled, cursing under their breath. They were not happy about how things turned out.
“Thanks for the offer. However, I would have to decline your gift,” Matt cut in suddenly. With a winsome smile on his face, he caught the attention of the other women around with his charm and attractive features.
Florence took this opportunity to boast. “Dustin! For your information, Matt is an overseas graduate. Not only is he from an elite family, but he is also extremely talented. He is better than you by leaps and bounds!”
“Precisely! With your measly net worth, you don’t even deserve to be his slave!” James chimed in.
The humiliation they faced just now was instantly forgotten with the support of Matt. What was the big deal? Dustin was only the owner of a restaurant. Moreover, it was not from his labor. In comparison to Matt’s noble
background, he was nothing!
“Florence, you are too kind. I was just lucky.” Matt brushed her praises off lightly. However, there was a cocky smile on his face.
“Look at that! See how courteous and gentlemanly he is. Between you and him, it’s like night and day!” Florence declared, gushing over Matt.
1/3
CS CamScanner
By now, Dustin was done. Turning to leave, he replied calmly, “Please enjoy your time here. Excuse me as I have other obligations.”
“Wait a minute!” Dahlia caught up to him. “Is this restaurant really yours? Where did you get so much money
from?”
“I don’t have any money. The restaurant’s a gift from a friend,” Dustin answered.
“A friend? Don’t tell me it’s Natasha?” Dahlia continued with a frown on her face.
“You don’t need to know who it is. Instead, spend that energy on catching up with Matt over some wine. Isn’t
he your beloved senior?” Dustin huffed before striding away.
“You…” Dahlia clicked her tongue in annoyance. She was only treating Matt to a meal. Furthermore, her
brother and mother were present. Why was he being such a prick? Where was his gentlemanliness?
Returning to the private booth, Dustin seemed a little down. He couldn’t help but feel frustrated when he saw Dahlia and Matt standing side by side. Matt had the looks and the background. To top it off, they almost got together as a couple before this. It was easy to be suspicious of their relationship. Above all, Dahlia was being
extremely guarded. He couldn’t guess what was going through her mind at all.
“Mr. Rhys, what’s wrong? Your face has been downcast since you returned. Is something on your mind?” Natasha said, lightly teasing him.
“It’s nothing. I met up with some acquaintances outside.” Dustin forced a smile..
“Acquaintance? Is it Dahlia?” Natasha’s ears pricked up.
“You’re right. It is her. Besides, there’s another guy named Matt Laney,” Dustin replied honestly.
“Matt Laney?” Natasha shot him a mischievous smile. “Mr. Rhys, you should stay away from this person!”
“Do you know him?” Dustin was a little surprised.
“Not personally, but I’ve heard of him.” Natasha took a sip of red wine and laughed. “Matt is notorious among the rich ladies. He is famous for being a real playboy. Not only does he have the looks and the personality, but he is also extremely generous with his money. Who wouldn’t like him?”
“What, are you also interested in him?” Dustin asked hesitantly.
“Of course not! He is not my type and is only good at leeching off women. Besides, with you around, who else
would I be interested in anyway?” Natasha winked at him playfully.
Seeing that Dustin was ignoring her advances, she continued with a charming smile. “To be fair, Matt is from
a family of aristocrats. However, his family’s Influence went down the drain recently, making him a broke aristocrat. Being brought up with a golden spoon, he had to find unscrupulous ways to maintain his lifestyle. Thus, he is now making a living off the support of rich older women. Many women have been blinded by his lies and lost all their wealth. His modus operandi is to use the wealth of his previous victim to gain the trust of his current target, and the cycle continues. Furthermore, he is meticulous in his deception. Many of his victims are still being strung along by his charms. If he has his sights set on your ex–wife, you must be very careful. In the end, she may not only lose her wealth, but her life may even be in danger!”
When Dustin heard about this, he frowned. “Who would have known that he is just a swindler!”
CS CamScanner
Chapter 69
“Anyway, you should have your guard up when dealing with people like him,” Natasha concluded.
“Thanks for the tip.” Dustin nodded thoughtfully.
“Mr. Rhys, you seem to be concerned about Dahlia. Could it be that you still have feelings for her?” The expression on Natasha’s face was a little dejected.
“No. Even though she is my ex–wife, I don’t wish for her to be hurt in any way.” Dustin shook his head.
“I hope that is true!” With a smirk, Natasha declared in a bossy tone, “Regardless, even if you still have feelings for Dahlia, I don’t mind having a fair fight with her. Once I have my eyes set on you, no one else can
come between us!”
With that, she pompously stuck her nose in the air.
###Chapter 70 by Marina Vittori
Seated by the window, Florence and James were still cursing Dustin.
“Who would have guessed that an incompetent oaf like Dustin could be the owner! What has our world come to?” James complained loudly.
“He is nothing but a leech! If it weren’t for Ms. Harmon’s recommendation, he would never have this opportunity!” Florence snarled.
James had a look of pure jealousy on his face. “That’s right! Once she loses interest in him, Dustin will be discarded like rubbish. Let’s see how arrogant he can be!”
“Nothing will come out of being a freeloader like Dustin. Conversely, Matt is the epitome of a real man. Not only is he young and talented, he is also an intellectual!” Florence praised Matt effusively.
“What a pity. Matt, if you hadn’t gone overseas for your studies, you would have been my brother–in–law by now!” James tried to butter Matt up.
“Absolutely! Just so you know, after you left for your studies, Dahlia has been pining after you for a long time!” Florence chimed in as well.
“Mom! Where did you get this idea?” Dahlia frowned in annoyance.
“I’m telling the truth! If it weren’t for Matt going overseas, you would never have married Dustin!” Florence said stubbornly.
Before Dahlia could retort, Matt cut in, “Alright, alright. Let bygones be bygones. We should have our meal before it gets cold. The food here is delicious.”
Florence and James shut up and tucked in voraciously.
“James and I are going down to get some groceries. The both of you can take your time.” In the middle of the meal, Florence stopped eating and gave James a knowing look.
“Oh, yes! I’ll accompany Mom.” James understood his assignment, and they left the table quickly.
Clearly, they were trying to give Dahlia and Matt some private time.
After Florence and James left, Matt spoke up, “Dahlia, I am very sorry for leaving you without any warning. It’s all my fault. Please give me a chance to redeem myself.”
“It’s all in the past now. You don’t have to be concerned,” Dahlia answered nonchalantly.
She had moved on from Matt long ago, so she couldn’t care less.
“That’s great. You have grown more mature since the last time we met.” Matt shot her a charming smile.
“Please excuse me, I need to go to the washroom.” Dahlia patted her lips gently and left the table as well.
Staring at her shapely figure, Matt gave an evil smirk. He took out a small packet of white powder, poured it into Dahlia’s wine, and swirled the glass.
Coincidentally, the restaurant’s manager witnessed everything Matt had done. Without further delay, he
CS CamScanner
Chapter 70
quickly went to Dustin’s booth and divulged Matt’s evil plan.
“He spiked her drink? Are you sure?” Dustin’s brows furrowed together when he heard this.
“Yes, I’m positive. I personally witnessed it!” the manager affirmed.
“Who would have expected that he revealed his true colors so quickly?” Natasha narrowed her eyes.
Duane spoke up. “Dustin, you should not let this slide. Do you need me to teach him a lesson?”
“No, I will handle this myself.” Dustin got up and left the booth immediately.
At that moment, Dahlia had returned from the washroom. Matt passed her the glass of wine. “Dahlia, this is a
token of my apology. Cheers!” Matt lifted his glass with a smile.
“Alright. After this drink, I need to go home as tomorrow will be a busy day at the office,” Dahlia said with
“resignation.
“Sure, let’s make a move after this.” Matt did not pressure her further and downed his drink.
Just as Dahlia was about to take a sip, Dustin’s voice stopped her.
“I would not drink that if I were you.”
“What?”
###Chapter 71 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia looked over her shoulder and saw Dustin walking toward her. “What do you mean?”
“Your drink has been drugged. You would be in danger if you had drunk it because it renders you defenseless,” Dustin warned.
“Drugged?” Dahlia frowned and turned to Matt, whose expression stiffened for a split second. However, he composed himself immediately.
“Dustin, you must be sorely mistaken,” Matt said coolly.
“You would know best whether I am mistaken,” Dustin retorted coldly.
“Dahlia, do you really think that I’m such a malicious person?” Matt asked with a disarming smile.
Dahlia was taken aback by the sudden question. After some deliberation, she asked, “Dustin, do you have any evidence to support your claim?”
“The restaurant’s manager saw what happened. He could be my witness,” Dustin answered.
“That’s right! It was clear as day. He spiked your wine with some powder!” the manager pointed an accusing finger at Matt.
“Everyone knows that both of you are in cahoots with each other. It would be impossible for me to deny it.” Matt shook his head, acting aggrieved.
“Dustin, do you have stronger evidence for your claims? Do not judge someone based on unfounded
accusations!” Dahlia had a serious look on her face. Based on her knowledge of Matt, he wasn’t someone who
would do such a thing.
“I already have a witness backing me up. What evidence do you need? Would you rather believe him over me?”
Dustin frowned, anger building up within him.
“I…” Dahlia didn’t know what to say. Matt was from the noble Laney family. As an aristocrat, it was
unthinkable that he would carry out such a vile act. However, Dustin seemed so sure of himself. He wouldn’t
lie either.
At that moment, she didn’t know who to side with.
“Dahlia, Dustin seems to have some prejudice against me. That’s fine, I can prove my innocence. Didn’t he claim that I drugged your drink? Let’s exchange drinks,” Matt said. He took Dahlia’s wine glass and downed
the contents.
This simple action wiped away every doubt from Dahlia’s mind. If he did drug her drink, he wouldn’t have
drunk it himself.
“Dustin, I don’t remember doing anything to offend you. Why are you hellbent on insulting me like this? If you have a grudge against me, I sincerely apologize,” Matt said personably, tilting his head.
With his charm and courteous words, Dahlia was convinced that Matt was every inch a gentleman.
“Dustin, what do you have to say for yourself?” Dahlia turned to Dustin, her eyes boring into him.
1/2
CS CamScanner
“If I’m not mistaken, he must have taken the antidote prior to this.” Dustin was adamant.
“Nonsense!” Dahlia’s expression was dark. “Dustin, you are going too far! Matt has proven his innocence. Why are you still being so difficult?”
“I’m telling the truth.”
“Well, I just think that you are making up stories!” There was a hint of anger in Dahlia’s voice.
Evidently, Dustin felt hostility toward Matt. However, that was no reason to drag Matt’s name through the mud. It would be wrong to do so!
“If you still don’t believe me, then check his pockets. There must be some evidence of white powder on him!” Dustin tried turning Matt’s pockets inside out to prove his point, but this was the last straw for Dahlia.
“That’s enough!” Dahlia splashed the rest of the wine on Dustin’s face. “Have you not done enough damage for one day? Why are you as stubborn as a mule? Being a gentleman, can you not be so petty? If you are jealous of Matt, upgrade yourself and compete on the same level. Don’t use despicable tricks or baseless arguments to ruin his reputation. Your actions will only make me think that you are pathetic!” Dustin was dumbstruck by Dahlia’s words.
###Chapter 72 by Marina Vittori
Dustin was stunned by Dahlia’s hurtful words and furious outburst. Drops of wine rolled down his cheeks and to the ground. He was in a miserable state. Apparently, it was wishful thinking that their relationship had
improved. In actual fact, there was nothing left between them.
“What? So you thought that I was falsely accusing him?” Dustin’s brows were deeply furrowed as he stared at Dahlia. “Am I that despicable of a person in your eyes?”
“Yes!” Dahlia blurted out. She felt a tinge of regret immediately. Yet, she could not take her words back now.
She had too much pride for that.
“Finally! You have spoken what you truly thought of me.” Dustin had a disappointed look on his face as he put
“on a wry smile.
“I have overstepped my boundaries. Who knew that after so many years, you still have feelings for Matt.”
“What nonsense are you spouting?” Dahlia frowned as well.
“Am I wrong? You said that you would not contact him anymore. Having said that, here you are having wine with Matt. Aren’t you being too hypocritical?”
“…” Dahlia was about to explain herself when Dustin interrupted her.
“Maybe you aren’t even worried about Matt drugging your drink. In actuality, you hoped that he would do so as
this would give both of you a legitimate excuse to get together again. Am I correct?”
It was Dahlia’s turn to be stunned by Dustin’s words. Her face was a mix of disbelief, disappointment, and
regret. Never would she have thought that Dustin would say such words. Did he genuinely think so lowly of her? Regardless of the past three years of marriage, there wasn’t a shred of trust left between them.
“Dustin! I’m utterly disappointed in you!” Dahlia gritted her teeth. As she walked away, she struggled to control
her emotions.
Dustin stood rooted to the ground. He could feel the anger and hurt washing over him.
At this moment, Matt came over. The charming smile that had been on his face just now was replaced by a
smirk.
“Dustin, everything you said was correct. I spiked Dahlia’s drink and drank her wine to get rid of the evidence. I already took the antidote in advance,” Matt whispered into his ear coldly.
“Nevertheless, it doesn’t matter anyway. Who would believe you now? Dahlia’s smitten with me, and she will support me. There’s nothing you say that would change the outcome. What? Are you burning with anger and frustration right now? Sadly, your hands are tied. Besides, I have to thank you for strengthening our relationship with this incident. I believe that she will fall in love with me before long and willingly go to bed with me. However, don’t worry. Once I’m tired of her, I’ll return her to you soon enough.” With this, Matt threw his head back and cackled maliciously.
His true colors were finally revealed. Compared to his gentlemanly disposition earlier, this side of him was
cruel and sinister like a venomous snake!
1/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 72
Burning with anger, Dustin cracked his knuckles to prevent himself from punching Matt in the face as he left. Dahlia was obviously still in love with Matt. Even if his intentions were good, Dahlia had no need for his help. Since his actions would only be seen as a hindrance, there was nothing he could do. Although Dustin could convince himself logically, he couldn’t help but be aggravated by their relationship.
“Mr. Rhys, what’s happened?” At that moment, Natasha and Duane walked out of their booth.
“Forget it. I was just poking my nose where it didn’t belong.” Dustin said mockingly.
“Matt is notorious for sowing discord and stirring up trouble. Don’t be affected by him,” Duane continued.
“The main problem is not with Matt but with Dahlia.” Dustin shook his head. It would be useless to change her mind if she continued to be obstinate.
“Dustin, don’t be hung up over a woman! It’s no big deal, women are easy to find,” Duane said confidently. “As long as you are rich, women will flock to you. So, shall we get down to business?”
“What business?” Dustin asked with a tilt of his head.
“Of course it’s about the Gemiphen!” Duane smirked. “I’ve personally tried the miracle pill. A single pill could be worth a fortune! Since you are in need of herbs, why don’t we work together? I’ll deal with the rest of the business if you give me the prescription. Once I make a profit, we will split it evenly. What do you think?”
“I’m not changing my mind. I don’t mind helping you out, but you have to give me some rare herbs in exchange for the prescription. Otherwise, it’s a no.” Dustin shook his head again.
“Dustin, it will be some time before I get my hands on the herbs you want. Can’t you be more flexible?” Duane pleaded.
“Let’s talk about this after you have them in your possession.” Dustin was immovable.
Duane frowned when he heard the resolve in Dustin’s tone. This young man was as stubborn as a mule.
Initially, he wanted to start a mutual partnership with Dustin. However, it wasn’t going as smoothly as he thought. It seemed like he needed to pull out some of the tricks up his sleeve.
“Ms. Harmon! There’s bad news!” A bodyguard dressed in a suit ran into the restaurant hurriedly.
“Yes? What is it?” Natasha asked, surprised.
“It’s Ms. Ruth! She has been kidnapped!” the bodyguard reported.
“What did you say?” Natasha’s expression turned dark. “Didn’t I instruct you to protect her at all costs? How could this happen?”
“We were keeping an eye on her in secret. However, Ms. Ruth managed to escape and went to a private party. By the time we arrived, she was nowhere to be found!”
“Do you know who is behind this?” Natasha frowned. “It could be Sir Hummer. The kidnappers left a ransom note instructing Mr. Rhys and you to meet at Hummer Villa.”
“Edwin?” Natasha gritted her teeth in anger. How dare he endanger a member of her family? He had gone too far with the repeated provocations and needed to be taught a lesson!
Contact the Harmon family. I need some strong fighters as backup! Since Edwin seeks a light, I shall give it to him!”
###Chapter 73 by Marina Vittori
The next morning, they met at Java Joys. When Dustin entered the cafe, he noticed a burly man standing beside Natasha. His bulky muscles rippled
under his clothes, and his knuckles were covered with calluses. This man was obviously an experienced fighter. “Mr. Rhys, sorry to bother you. I owe you one.” Natasha walked up to Dustin.
“It’s all right, I don’t mind helping out a friend in need. Besides, they had even specified my name in the note. I have no other choice.” Dustin smiled wryly.
Edwin’s men had left a ransom note which had his name on it. He was to go with Natasha to save Ruth.
“Mr. Rhys, let me introduce you to Stephan Chapman, one of the best fighters from the Harmon family.” Natasha pointed toward the man standing in silence.
“Mr. Chapman, a pleasure to meet you.” Dustin nodded in acknowledgement.
“You’re Dustin?” Stephan sized him up. “Was it you who took Liam and Noah Asher down?”
“In a way, yes.” Dustin nodded again.
“What do you mean, in a way? Don’t give such a vague answer. Did you use some shady tricks to win against them?” Stephan stared at him suspiciously.
“Well, as long as it gets the job done.” Dustin said nonchalantly.
“As martial artists, we should win fair and square. What’s the use of winning when you have to resort to
despicable tricks?” Stephan scoffed. He deemed people like Dustin, who don’t belong to any martial arts group, as inferior to him.
“That makes sense.” Dustin had no interest in arguing further.
“To be honest, I have defeated Liam and Noah in a match before this!” Stephan boasted. “Don’t be too proud
of yourself even if you win against them! They are weaklings compared to me. Once we have a match, you will
know that many martial artists are stronger than you!”
Hearing Stephan’s speech, Dustin was lost for words. They were practically strangers. Why was he lecturing
him like a child? Who was the one looking down on the other anyway?
“Alright, now that you have made each other’s acquaintance, we will be working together after this. Once we
arrive at Hummer Villa, we may need each other’s help,” Natasha cut in. 1
“I’m sure we won’t need to. With me around, it would be easy to take Edwin down,” Stephan said confidently.
“Mr. Chapman, it’s good to be optimistic, but it’s better not to underestimate the enemy. When will Tilda
arrive?” Natasha changed the topic.
Tilda Snider was one of her aunts and was famous for her deadly strikes. She was currently the head of
security for the Harmon family. Compared to Stephan, she was on a different level. In this fight against Edwin, she was the key to victory.
17
CS CamScanner
Chapter 73
“Tilda is on her way. She will be arriving shortly,” Stephan answered.
“Great. Since she is on her way, let’s make a move as well”
On her command, Natasha’s car led the way as the group drove in a file toward Hummer Villa.
Hummer Villa was situated at the top of a hill which was part of the Hummers” private land. As the cars drove
up the hill, Edwin’s men kept surveillance on them in the hidden shadows of the surrounding trees.
When they arrived at the villa, everyone got down and entered the back garden.
With a pair of scissors in hand, Edwin was busy arranging a vase of flowers in a gazebo. Behind him, Fletcher
Lawson and a group of muscular men were standing guard, staring daggers at them.
“Ms. Harmon, you’ve finally arrived? Have a seat,” Edwin said with a smile, pointing to a chair. He acted as if “they were here for a chat.
“Sir Hummer, I’ve heard that you are holding my sister hostage. Is that true?” Natasha sat down and asked
with a poker face.
“To be honest, I only knew about your sister this morning. My men did it at their discretion, so I have reprimanded them,” Edwin continued with a charming smile.
“Is that so? Well, why don’t you let my sister go?” Natasha pressed further.
“Let her go? That would be impossible.” Edwin shook his head. “Ms. Harmon, your sister made a mess at my party, destroyed my antiques, and beat up some of my underlings. If I let her go without repercussions, my reputation in Swinton would be ruined!”
“Then what do you want in return?” Natasha’s eyes narrowed.
“It’s very simple. Repay me double for my loss.” Edwin’s smile was plastered on his face. “I’ve calculated the damage your sister caused and everything amounts to ten billion dollars. As compensation, I want you to hand over half of your business in Swinton.”
“Half of the business? Are you joking?” Natasha raised her voice.
“Ms. Harmon, you are only giving up a small part of your assets. Moreover, your business activities are mainly in Milling. You won’t be affected much by what I’m asking for,” Edwin advised.
“What if I refuse?” Natasha retorted.
“It’s only right to pay back what you owe. If you refuse, I can’t guarantee that your sister will be safe from harm.” Edwin gave her a chilling smile.
“Are you threatening me?” Natasha returned his gaze stonily.
“I’m just giving you a warning. Of course, we can resolve this dispute with a death match. However, the
entirety of our assets must be at stake,” Edwin said with a smirk.
“A death match?” Natasha mulled over his offer. It was an unsaid rule in the business world. A death match was used to settle unresolved conflict between warring families in order to prevent unwanted death and bloodshed. There would be three rounds of battle royale in which the opposing families would send out their representatives to fight on behalf of them. There were no rules and everything was fair game.
“Challenge accepted!” Before Natasha could answer, Stephan spoke up. “Isn’t it just a fight? We will take you on! Show me some real competition!”
Edwin snickered maliciously at Stephan’s words.
This was what he had hoped would happen!
###Chapter 74 by Marina Vittori
“Mr. Chapman, what are you doing? Why did you interrupt?” Natasha frowned in annoyance. She hadn’t even made her decision, but Stephan had accepted the challenge without consulting her. He was overstepping his boundaries!
“Ms. Harmon, there’s nothing to be afraid of! I’m sure I can handle anything they throw at me,” Stephan said confidently. He was utterly unaware of his mistake.
“What if we lost the death match? Have you thought about the consequences?” Natasha narrowed her eyes.
“You must be joking! It’s impossible that they will defeat me. Just watch, I’ll put on an amazing performance later!” Stephan patted his chest assuredly.
“Ms. Harmon, there are only two choices. You can either pay the ransom with half of your business, or you bet on the deathmatch with all your assets at stake.” Edwin repeated his conditions.
“I will accept the death match. However, let my sister go first,” Natasha said coldly. Even though she knew that she was walking into Edwin’s trap, there was nothing else she could do. Thankfully, she had come prepared.
“Of course.” Edwin gestured to his men, and they brought Ruth out, bound up tightly with ropes. Thankfully, despite the ordeal, she seemed none the worse for wear.
“Ruth, are you injured?” Natasha quickly cut the ropes away.
“Sis! Thank God you are here. This time, it’s not my fault. I fell into Edwin’s trap!” Ruth whined.
“It’s alright, go and have a rest. I’ll handle this.” Natasha nodded.
“Ms. Harmon, now that I have released your sister, isn’t it time to sign the agreement for our death match?” Edwin already had a document prepared, and a servant brought it to Natasha.
The document was both a signed consent and agreement stating the terms and conditions of the match. The loser had to comply with all the conditions of the bet, which everyone would witness.
“Since you insist on a death match, I’ll take up the challenge!” Natasha signed her name on the document
without hesitation.
tv won.
“Alright! I admire your decisiveness!” Edwin smirked triumphantly as if he had already
“I’ll be your first opponent!” Stephan stepped forward confidently. He taunted Edwin’s men on the opposing
side. “Who wants to fight me? I’ll send you all to hell!”
“Wolverine, you are up.” Edwin pointed toward a hulking, muscular man with tanned skin who stepped forward
as well.
“Mr. Chapman, you must be careful of the Wolverine. He is a Muay Thai fighter and notorious among the
underground fighting rings in Swinton!” One of Natasha’s bodyguards whispered to Stephan.
“A Muay Thai fighter? Defeating him would be child’s play!” Stephan scoffed. 1
Stephan and Wolverine stood in the ring, facing each other off.
1/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 74
Wolverine was obviously used to combat. He stretched his limbs, cracked his knuckles, and struck a stance. His muscles were contracted tensely as he was poised to strike.
On the other hand, Stephan folded his hands behind him and seemed to be at ease.
“I’ll let you have the first move.” Stephan motioned to his opponent.
Wolverine did not hold back. He leaped high into the air and threw a flying kick at Stephan. At this level, his
strength could even cause a metal pole to bend.
“Child’s play!” Stephan avoided the attack easily and landed a punch to Wolverine’s chest. Wolverine lost his
balance and retreated a few steps, panting heavily.
Stephan did not give him a chance to catch his breath, landing several heavy blows on Wolverine’s arms,
abdomen, and legs. After a few minutes, it was clear that Stephan had the upper hand. Wolverine did all he
could to fight back, but he could not recover from his injuries. Finally, Stephan landed the final blow, and Wolverine fainted on impact.
The first round went to Stephan!
Seeing the outcome, relief appeared on the faces of Natasha’s men.
“Who would have expected that Mr. Chapman was so strong? It’s no wonder he is the key fighter of the
Harmon family!”
“With Mr. Chapman on our side, we will definitely be victorious!”
The audience was whispering in excitement. They were all in awe of Stephan’s fighting ability. Even though he was a little brash, he did have the abilities to back it up.
“Who else wants to fight against me?” Stephan sized up the rest of Edwin’s men.
“This explains why Natasha agreed to the match so quickly. She brought in outside help.” Edwin scratched his
chin in surprise.
“Have you all gone dumb? Come up to fight me!” Stephan taunted.
“Mr. Lawson, you are up next to prevent any further surprises.” Edwin turned to an older man, Fletcher Lawson.
“No problem.” Fletcher nodded and stepped into the ring with his head held high.
“Old man! With your thin and fragile limbs, how can you ever dream of defeating me? Give up now and you shall live!” Stephan laughed scornfully.
“Don’t overestimate yourself!” Fletcher replied with a poker face and attacked Stephan immediately. His agile
movements were as quick as lightning.
“You are just asking for trouble!” Stephan sneered and rushed toward Fletcher as well.
When they met in the middle of the ring, there was a deafening explosion as both punches landed on their targets. However, after the debris settled, Fletcher was the only person still standing. Not a hair on his head was harmed.
On the other hand, Stephan was lying helplessly on the ground. His arm was obviously broken, and he was
2/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 74
bleeding profusely. Fletcher’s immense power had struck Stephan’s body, Incapacitating him.
Fletcher was not done yet. He went up to Stephan and landed two more blows on his chest.
Stephan gave a loud cry of pain as his body was flung against a tree. On Impact, blood spurted out from his mouth.
“How could this be?” Natasha’s men were all dismayed at the sudden turn of events. No one expected Stephan to be defeated so quickly. Fletcher had Stephan Injured and bleeding within three turns. Their difference in prowess was just too significant.
“That’s terrible! How can this old man be so strong? Even Mr. Chapman couldn’t defeat him!” Ruth exclaimed worriedly.
Stephan was one of the Harmon family’s best fighters. It was unthinkable that he couldn’t even withstand three attacks from an opponent!
###Chapter 75 by Marina Vittori
Who are you?” Stephan’s face was frozen in terror, his body slumped on the ground. There was no hint of arrogance left in his trembling voice. He was soundly beaten after just three attacks. This proved the disparity in their abilities.
How could there be Someone with such devastating powers remaining unknown in a small place like Swinton?
“I’ll be honest with you. I’m Fletcher Lawson, Liam and Noah were my apprentices!” Fletcher said coldly.
“What? You are Mr. Lawson of Klesbridge?” Stephan was dumbfounded at this revelation. His reputation as martial artist preceded him.
Fletcher was not only one of the most prominent fighters in Klesbridge, but he was also a master of poison! There were many tricks that he could use to make someone drop dead without a trace. His mere presence. was enough to make one’s blood run cold.
“You seem to have heard of me!” Fletcher sneered.
When Fletcher revealed his identity, Stephan’s face had turned as pale as a sheet. If he knew that Fletcher was involved, he would definitely not have accepted this task. Fletcher wasn’t someone you would want to have as an enemy. Crossing him would only be inviting death.
“Who will fight in the last round?” Edwin asked loudly.
Natasha’s men looked at each other in silence. If Mr. Chapman couldn’t even land a blow, the rest of them would be easily annihilated. No one dared to volunteer as it meant signing one’s own death warrant.
“Sis, what shall we do? Are we going to lose?” Ruth was fraught with anxiety. Who could be on par and fight against such overwhelming power?
“Punk! Are you game to fight a match against me?” Fletcher directed his gaze at Dustin, his gaze was brimming with hatred and anger.
“Why not?” Dustin gave a careless smile.
As he was about to step into the ring, Ruth pulled him back. “What’s wrong with you?”
“I’m going to accept his challenge,” Dustin answered.
“Accept his challenge? Do you know how to fight?” Ruth asked suspiciously.
“A little.” Dustin nodded.
“And you dare to accept his challenge when you’re bad at fighting? Are you attempting suicide?” Ruth
exclaimed in frustration, “Do you know who that is? Fletcher Lawson is a formidable opponent. Being foolhardy will only bring about your destruction!”
“Don’t worry, I can handle it.” Dustin smiled. Although Ruth’s words were sharp, she had good intentions.
“Bullshit!” Ruth glared at him. “What’s the use of you going up to fight when Mr. Chapman couldn’t even defend himself?”
CS CamScanner
Chapter 75
Stung by Ruth’s indirect insult, Stephan chimed in sarcastically, “Don’t overestimate yourself, punk! If you can’t even defeat me, it is impossible for you to fight against Mr. Lawson!”
“Your defeat doesn’t mean I have absolutely no chance,” Dustin said calmly.
“Youngsters like you will be the death of me! Do you think so highly of your abilities?” Stephan was annoyed
by his impudence.
“Well, just wait and see.” Dustin didn’t explain further.
“Dustin, are you really sure?” Natasha spoke up suddenly.
“I think I’ll be fine.” Dustin nodded.
“Alright, give it a go but admit defeat if you have to. Your life is of utmost importance,” Natasha smiled as she gave her permission.
“Sis, are you joking? Are you really going to send Dustin to his death?” Ruth couldn’t believe her ears.
“Ms. Harmon! The entirety of your assets are on the line. If this punk loses, you will lose everything!” Stephan
was anxious as well.
“I believe in Dustin.” Natasha said with finality. She had full confidence in him.
“Enough with the small talk! I’m going to send you to hell!” Fletcher shouted impatiently. He was dying to get
his hands on Dustin and cut him up into tiny pieces.
Dustin ignored Fletcher’s taunts and walked up to him silently. Since Edwin had specifically asked for him to be here, it was obvious that he wanted revenge. If so, Dustin had no qualms about giving him what he wanted.
“This is awful! He is going to die!” Ruth stomped her foot in frustration.
“Ms. Harmon has been taken in by this punk’s overconfidence. What a pity!” Stephan shook his head, sighing. Clearly, he did not expect Dustin to return in one piece.
“Punk! Was it you who killed my apprentices?” Fletcher glared at Dustin with hostility.
“To be accurate, both of them committed suicide,” Dustin answered carelessly.
Noah killed himself because he refused to provide Dustin with information. On the other hand, Dustin hadn’t even touched a hair on Liam’s head. Liam had been the one who attacked him. However, he died from the overpowering recoil. It was only right to say that they killed themselves.
“You still dare to deny it at this last moment of your life? Today, I am going to exact revenge for the death of my apprentices!” Fletcher’s face twisted with hatred.
“Sure, this depends on your abilities.“,Dustin was unaffected by Fletcher’s threats.
“Arrogant punk! I’m going to wipe you from the face of the earth!” Fletcher roared. He concentrated the force in his feet and sprinted toward Dustin with a burst of sudden energy. His movements were as fast as lightning.
causing large cracks to appear on the ground.
“That’s crazy!” Stephan exclaimed in awe. Fletcher had not even revealed his full strength when he was
fighting against Stephan before!
2/3
CS CamScanner
“Go to hell!” Fletcher summoned his energy and unleashed a powerful punch in Dustin’s face. The vibrations from the attack formed a torrent of energy that swirled around them and sent debris flying around! Everyone took a few steps back to avoid getting injured in the aftermath.
arm
Just when everyone thought that the outcome was decided, Dustin made his move. He stretched out his ar slowly and gave Fletcher a firm, tight slap on the cheek. The impact on Fletcher’s face created a loud cracking noise.
At that moment, Fletcher seemed like he was hit by a moving train! His body was flung several yards away like a dirty rag and crashed into a wall, creating a deep crater.
There was absolute silence as everyone was dumbfounded at the extraordinary turn of events.
###Chapter 76 by Marina Vittori
The crowd gaped as Fletcher hung limply on the wall. They never imagined that the mighty Fletcher Lawson, who had just trounced Stephan Chapman, had been defeated with an effortless slap.
What the fuck was going on?
“H–How could this be?” Stephan’s eyes were wide with disbelief that someone as powerful as Fletcher, the strongest fighter in Klesbrige, had been defeated with a single blow.
Was this kid a monster?
“No way! Dustin actually won?” Ruth couldn’t believe it either. At first, she’d been so certain that Dustin would lose. Instead, he had won the match in a breeze. With just one slap, he sent Fletcher flying. His strength was unheard of!
“Fletcher… lost?” Edwin was shaken and astonished. He was very familiar with Fletcher’s strength. Even in Swinton, there was hardly anyone who could be his opponent. Yet somehow, someone as impregnable as him hadn’t been able to withstand a single blow from Dustin.
Unbelievable! Had Fletcher underestimated his opponent, or was it a fluke?
Or maybe… it had been Dustin’s true strength.
“It seems that I underestimated you,” said Natasha, smirking. Her face wore surprise, delight, and also a hint of pride. She knew Dustin was powerful but never expected it to be to this extent. She hit the jackpot this time!
“I think I’ve won.” Dustin dusted off his hands and nonchalantly walked off the arena.
At this moment, everyone looked at Dustin as though he was a monster. Especially so for Stephan, who gazed mockingly but now looked at Dustin in awe. It was obvious how strong Dustin was if he could subdue Fletcher so effortlessly.
“Dustin, didn’t you say that you barely know martial arts? How are you so powerful?” Ruth asked tentatively.
“It might just be that he’s too weak,” Dustin answered.
“Really? But he was the one who defeated Mr. Chapman!” Ruth exclaimed.
“Um…” Stephan’s face twitched as they touched a sore spot.
“Sir Hummer, we’ve already won three matches out of five. What else do you have to say?” demanded Natasha, her focus on other matters. 1
“I admit defeat. I have nothing to say.” Though Edwin seemed upset, he appeared resigned.
“Well then, until we meet again!” Natasha smiled. With that, she left with a group of people trailing after her.
“Sir Hummer, are we supposed to let them go like this?” his subordinate asked unhappily.
“As if. Do you think they can leave so easily after entering my territory?” Edwin sneered. “I still have a present waiting for them.”
1/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 76
Sometime later, the sun began setting behind the mountains. Natasha and her convoy were traveling through
a fork in the road when a large bus came barreling toward them.
The bus driver hit the brake and drifted to a horizontal stop, blocking the entire road.
A bunch of assassins covered in black immediately swarmed out from both sides of the woods, quickly
encircling the convoy of cars.
“It’s an ambush! Protect Ms. Harmon!” The Harmon family bodyguards reacted instantly and formed a ring around Natasha’s car to protect her.
“Kill them!”
The assassins were fearless as they cut through flesh and knocked down cars.
“Edwin Hummer is such a despicable man! How dare he ambush us!” Ruth was shaken but furious.
“The corporate world is a battlefield. The moment a fight breaks out, things are bound to get messy.” Natasha
responded calmly, this not being her first rodeo.
Ruth humphed angrily. “He better pray that he never falls into my hands, or he’ll regret it!”
The sound of the battle was getting more heated outside the car as numbers from both parties dwindled.
Fortunately, despite winning in numbers, the assassins were still no match to the Harmon family’s men in
terms of skills. Soon, they began losing the bloody battle, and many who hadn’t been killed chose to flee.
The battle finally ended when the last assassin fell to the ground with a thud.
More than half of Natasha’s men had been killed, but she and her sister were unharmed.
Dustin got out of the car and studied the bodies of the assassins. He realized that each of them had a snake-
shaped tattoo on their body.
Ruth humphed furiously. “Thank God our men are strong, or we’d be dead today thanks to Edwin Hummer!” Natasha then ordered her men, “Do a quick clean–up and let’s leave.”
They 
were still close to Edwin’s territory and she couldn’t be sure if he still had anything else up his sleeve, so it was best they leave as soon as possible.
As her men cleared the place, two MPVs with foreign license plates headed toward them and blocked their
path.
“No way. Don’t tell me there’s more?” asked Ruth, annoyed. She watched intently as the car door opened and a dozen men dressed for battle got out of the car.
Leading them was a beautiful lady in her 30s. Besides her good looks, she also had a voluptuous figure that flaunted her curves as she walked, an air of authority following her wherever she went.
“Tilda?” Ruth exclaimed excitedly and rushed forward to greet her.
Everyone was relieved to see that backup had arrived.
“What happened?” Tilda Snider frowned when she saw the bodies littering the ground.
CS CamScanner
“They’re Edwin Hummer’s men! They tried to ambush us!” Ruth grumbled.
“He ambushed you? There’s no way this is a coincidence. No outsider knows about the route you are taking. so how could he have planted these people here in advance?”
“You’re right! How did he know we were going to take this route?” Ruth was puzzled.
“Tilda, do you mean to say there’s a mole among our people?” Natasha was quick to react.
“That’s right!” Tilda’s expression was grave. “I have reason to believe someone has been selling us out!”
“Tilda, everyone here are people I trust. I doubt any of them would betray me,” countered Natasha, shaking her head.
“People you trust?” Tilda studied the crowd before her gaze landed on Dustin. “I see some unfamiliar faces “that don’t belong to the Harmon family!”
“Oh, he’s my friend,” explained Natasha.
“Friend? Humph! Friends are the least trustworthy people. I reckon that he’s the spy! Someone get rid of him at once!” Tilda commanded.
Two subordinates standing behind her immediately pulled out their knives, ready to fight.
###Chapter 77 by Marina Vittori
Dustin narrowed his eyes at the sight of the swinging blades. They had chosen to accuse him of being a traitor without even trying to get the full picture.
“Tilda, there must be a misunderstanding. There’s no way Dustin is the spy!” Natasha ed.
“We’ll know whether it’s a misunderstanding after doing an investigation.” Tilda shouted icily. “Tie him up! Kill him if he tries to resist!”
“Kill me?” Dustin frowned. “You’re making such extreme decisions when the investigations haven’t even
begun. Aren’t you going a bit too far?”
Tilda humphed. “For the good of the Harmon family, I can do anything!”
“How can you be sure that I’m the spy?” Dustin retorted.
“I don’t need to be sure. You are the spy if I say so!” Tilda responded domineeringly.
Seeing how unreasonable Tilda was being. Dustin’s expression hardened. He had been trying to reason things out peacefully the entire time, yet Tilda accused him of being the mole without any proof.
She had gone too far!
“Tilda, there’s no solid evidence yet. Don’t you dare mess around!” Natasha uttered, voice rising.
“I’m your head of security, which makes me responsible for your safety. This man is obviously treacherous
and evil!” shouted Tilda.
“Tilda, there must be some misunderstanding. Dustin saved my life. Without him, we wouldn’t have been able
to leave the Hummer Villa,” explained Ruth from the side.
“Hmph! He’s just acting. He’s fooled all of you!” Tilda retorted.
“But-”
Tilda cut Ruth off sharply before she could say another word. “No buts! When it comes to your safety, it’s
better to kill wrongly than be sorry afterward!”
“I don’t understand. We have nothing against each other, so why are you being so aggressive towards me?”
Dustin questioned.
“Stop acting! You may have fooled them, but you can’t fool me! You better yield if you don’t want to die!” Tilda
snapped.
“And if I refuse?” questioned Dustin..
“Then I’ll have no choice but to force you!” Tilda glanced at her subordinate.
“Kneel!” Two men immediately brought their blades to Dustin’s neck.
“Don’t make me fight you,” Dustin warned hostilely.
“So what? What are you going to do about it? Get onto your knees. Now!” One of the men roared before
1/1
CS CamScanner
sweeping a foot toward Dustin’s knee.
Dustin didn’t even budge. Instead, the man was pushed back two steps from the force.
“You fucker…” Embarrassed, the man was about to give another blow when Dustin suddenly shot out his hand and slammed it down on the man’s crown.
With a loud noise, the man’s head burst apart, and he died on the spot.
“What?” Everyone exclaimed, their expressions changing after seeing the scene unfold before them. No one expected Dustin to be such a ruthless man, killing without a word. He didn’t give a damn about the Harmon
family.
“Fuck you!” Furious, the other man slashed his blade at Dustin.
“He is the spy! Kill him!” Tilda immediately ordered, ruthless.
At her command, the rest of the men immediately charged toward Dustin with blades in their hands.
The look in Dustin’s eyes hardened, and he charged into the awaiting mob and began wiping them out. Within seconds, all of Tilda’s subordinates were laying on the ground, motionless. With clean and decisive moves, he
managed to kill all of them with a single blow!
“You bastard! How dare you kill the Harmon family’s best men? You’re done for!” Going ballistic, Tilda pulled out a sword from her waist and lunged at Dustin with incredible speed.
With a blank expression on his face, Dustin tilted his head sideways to avoid Tilda’s attack and in a flash,
gave the woman a punch in the abdomen.
Tilda screamed in pain as her body soared through the air and landed heavily on one of the MPVs.
Instead of standing down, Dustin darted forward, grabbed Tilda by the neck, and lifted her.
The woman gasped as breathing became difficult, and she felt her strength draining away. Like a sitting duck,
she was now completely at Dustin’s mercy.
“Dustin, please let her go! She’s family!” Ruth cried.
“Mr. Rhys, You can kill anyone but Tilda, or the consequences will be dire!” Stephan was terrified as well
“I’m Natasha’s elder as well as the backbone of the Harmon family. To kill me is to make yourself the number
one enemy of the Harmon family!” Tilda taunted with a vicious humph.
As soon as she said that, Dustin put more pressure, and a crisp crack sounded as Tilda’s head went slack; the
woman was now dead.
Tilda’s countenance was frozen in a myriad of emotions. Shock, dismay, even disbelief! She never expected
Dustin to be unreasonable enough to kill her without caring about the Harmon family.
“Wha-“Everyone stood motionless, frozen in shock as they stared at the limp body on the ground before exchanging looks of dismay and disbelief with one another.
This was Tilda Snider they were talking about! Natasha Harmon’s elder and the most important elder in the Harmon family! And she was gone just like that?
717
CS CamScanner
Chapter 77
Dustin must be mad!
“Rhys! Are you crazy? You killed Tilda? Do you have any idea what you’ve done?” Ruth demanded with wide eyes, dismayed.
“She was going to kill me first, so of course, I had to kill her first. Was I supposed to just stand there and let
her kill me?” Dustin snorted.
“You-” Ruth was so furious that words caught in her throat.
“Mr. Rhys, you’re in trouble now!” Stephan shook his head sympathetically.
“Dustin Rhys! You killed our family’s pillar! Wait ‘til the Harmon family hears about this!” a bald guard yelled furiously. “This bastard must be out of his mind! Killing Tilda is like launching an attack on the entire Harmon family!” he thought.
“Ms. Harmon, what do you think?” Dustin turned his attention to Natasha.
He wanted to take this opportunity to understand what Natasha was thinking about.
“Mr. Rhys was defending himself. I see nothing wrong with that.” Natasha quickly regained her composure.
Dustin was relieved to hear her reply and decided that Natasha was a friend worth making.
“Ms. Harmon, I was not killing carelessly. Take a look at her body,” said Dustin, and he yanked at Tilda’s shirt.
On her wrist there was a tattoo shaped like a snake.
“Huh? Isn’t this the same symbol as the ones on those assassins? Why would Tilda have one too?” Stephan was dumbfounded.
On the other hand, Ruth had a look of horror as she cried, “No way! Tilda was the spy?”
###Chapter 78 by Marina Vittori
“That can’t be. Tilda was the mole?”
Everyone was shocked at Ruth’s words. However, the crowd’s expressions hardened when the assassins‘ clothing were peeled off, revealing the same tattoo on their bodies.
This was obviously not a coincidence.
“You can’t prove anything with just a tattoo, can you?” ed the bald guard.
“Maybe it would have been less persuasive if there was only one tattoo, but what if everyone had the same tattoo?” Dustin walked up to Tilda’s deceased men and yanked off all their clothing.
“Soon, everyone realized that each of the men wore the same tattoo as well. This made things so much more
apparent. It was safe to say that they’d found the traitor!
“No wonder Tilda immediately started kicking up a fuss the moment she arrived. She was the traitor all along!” Stephan was disgruntled. As one of the Harmon family’s men himself, he hated nothing more than betrayal like this.
“But why? The Harmon family has always trusted her so why did Tilda betray us?” Ruth asked, her brow furrowed in confusion.
“Nowadays, not many can resist the temptation of money and power. That’s why betrayals happen easily. Without Mr. Rhys‘ keen observation, we would’ve been in danger!” Stephan shivered, thinking about what could have happened. After all, having a mole was like a ticking bomb. No one could tell when they might get stabbed in the back.
“What should we do now, sis?” asked Ruth, at a loss.
“There’s definitely more of them hiding among us. I must let Father know immediately so he can start digging into it.” Natasha announced with a grave expression. Having a traitor was no small matter. It was much more serious than being attacked by outsiders.
After all, a small leak will sink a great ship. The effects might be devastating if this matter was neglected!
“You’re right! We must get to the bottom of this! Traitors are nothing but an abomination!” Ruth nodded her head repeatedly.
“Ms. Harmon, I don’t believe Tilda would be a careless person, so there should be a couple more of them hiding among our ranks right now.” Dustin began surveying the crowd with eyes like a hawk before his gaze landed on the bald guard.
“Why are you looking at me? Do you think I’m the mole?” The guard narrowed his eyes.
“We’ll know for sure when you take off your clothes,” Dustin replied nonchalantly.
“Why should I? Who are you to order me around?” The guard began to lose his cool.
“Do as Mr. Rhys says. Take off your clothes.” Natasha commanded.
“Ms. Harmon, I’ve worked for you for so many years. Don’t tell me you’re suspecting me,” the guard said
1/3
CS CamScanner
incredulously..
“Strip!” Natasha commanded.
“Fine! Since none of you believe me, I’ll just have to prove my innocence!” snapped the petulant guard, looking as though he had been wronged.
However, when he moved to remove his clothes, his face suddenly twisted into a sneer. He flung out his hand and two black s flew out of his sleeve and hurled toward Dustin and Natasha.
No one around them reacted in time since everything happened so quickly.
Swiftly, Dustin reached out and effortlessly grabbed the coming toward him with his fingers. Upon closer inspection, the turned out to be a poisonous black snake the width of his finger.
“Ms. Harmon!” someone began shouting.
Without anyone realizing it, the second snake had bitten Natasha on the thigh.
“Grab that traitor!” Pissed, Natasha crushed the snake with a harsh stomp.
“Get him!” The rest of her men rushed toward the guard and instantly subdued him.
“I’ve always treated you well, so why did you betray me?” Natasha trudged toward him with a cold glare, a murderous aura surrounding her.
“Ms. Harmon, you must know that a man would do anything to become rich. What they offered me was too tempting to resist. You can’t blame me for accepting!” the guard sneered.
“Who instructed you to do this? Who’s the mastermind behind this?” Natasha grilled.
“Ms. Harmon, I’ll die alone if I keep my mouth shut. If I answer, my whole family will be doomed!” the guard
retorted.
Natasha was about to say something when a wave of nausea hit her. Suddenly, her body went lax, and she fell
backward, but before she hit the ground, Dustin managed to grab her waist. He pulled up her shirt and
discovered that the area where the snake had bitten her was turning purplish black.
What a venomous bite the snake had!
“Give me the antidote!” Dustin slammed his foot onto the guard’s head, scowling.
“Only if you let me go. Or else, Ms. Harmon will be going down with me!” the guard responded with a sardonic
sneer.
“Are you threatening me?” asked Dustin with narrowed eyes.
“I know you’re an incredible doctor, Rhys! But this venom was created by an expert and cannot be cured without the antidote!”
“You bastard! I’ll kill you if you don’t give us the antidote!” Furious, Ruth charged forward and began beating the guard up.
“Go ahead! Once I’m dead, Ms. Harmon will be following me, too!”
2/3
CS CamScanner
Ruth instantly halted her attack.
“Don’t say I never warned you. She’s been poisoned by a powerful venom. She’ll be dead within half an hour.” the guard stated menacingly.
“Give me the antidote and I promise to let you live,” vowed Dustin with a cold expression.
“Why should I believe you?” The guard frowned.
“You don’t have a choice. If she dies, I’ll make your life a living hell!” Dustin glowered.
The guard hesitated and pondered for a moment before suddenly asking. “If I tell you the cure, will you let me go?”
“I’m a man of my word,” answered Dustin.
“Alright. I’ll trust you this time!” The guard gritted his teeth. “Actually, there isn’t an antidote for this venom. The only way for her to live is if someone sucked out the venom using their mouth. However, the person who does it will most likely lose their life. So, it depends on whether you have the guts to do it.” The guard sniggered. 1
“Thanks for the advice,” Dustin nodded. Immediately, he slammed his foot onto the guard’s chest, crushing the man’s ribs and caused his internal organs to burst out with a splat.
Blood burst from the guard’s mouth as his eyes widened in disbelief. “Y–You said you wouldn’t kill me.”
“Sorry. I changed my mind,” Dustin answered nonchalantly.
“Y–you have no honor…” Before the guard could say anything else, he suffocated and died.
“So what?” Dustin asked the dead body.
Everyone was dumbfounded by his cavalier attitude. Suddenly, they realized that this innocuous person might
be quite the barbarian after all.
###Chapter 79 by Marina Vittori
After killing the traitor, Dustin carried the weakened Natasha to the car. The area where the snake had bitten her had turned black and purple, and as the venom spread through her body, her entire leg turned numb.
“How troublesome.” Dustin inspected the wound, his expression turning grave. He could have treated her easily if this was any regular snake venom. However, this venom was particularly potent. Since Dustin lacked his medicinal herbs and acupuncture needles, he had nothing at his disposal but his skills. It would be difficult for him to treat the wound.
It seemed the only option left was to suck the venom out. “Roth Harmon, give me a hand!” Dustin hollered.
“I’m Ruth! Ruth Harmon!” Ruth corrected him, quickly getting into the car. She asked, “What do you need me to
do?”
“Take off your sister’s pants,” he directed.
“Hey! What are you trying to do? You better not play around!” Ruth sounded like she was speaking to a pervert.
“Your sister has been poisoned with a potent venom. I have to suck it out,” Dustin explained.
“What?” Ruth was stunned for a moment before an odd expression took over her face. “B–but the wound is on
her thigh! You aren’t trying to take advantage of her, are you?”
“What are you even thinking about right now? Her life is on the line!” Dustin snapped. “Haven’t you heard that
gender doesn’t matter when treating patients?”
“Oh, right.” Ruth stood there stunned.
“Why are you still standing there? Take off her pants!” Dustin rushed.
“Oh, right.” Ruth quickly pulled off Natasha’s pants, exposing the snake bite.
Dustin cleared his mind and got to work.
Although it went against proper etiquette, saving Natasha’s life came first. Dustin began sucking out the venom. A moment later, he spat out a mouthful of dark blood and returned his mouth to the wound without
hesitation.
Slowly, Natasha regained consciousness.
“What are you doing?” Natasha had a confused expression on her face as she gazed at him passionately.
“Sucking out the snake venom,” Dustin said, keeping his tone calm.
“Are you done?” Natasha asked softly.
“Almost,” he answered truthfully.
Natasha bit her lip as she frowned, her every gesture alluring. Dustin gulped and lowered his head again.
CS CamScanner
Dustin finally stopped after some time when the wound had lost its dark purplish bruising.
is it over?” Natasha asked with a resentful look.
Dustin cleared his throat and answered awkwardly, “Um, you should be in the clear for now, but there’s still some leftover venom in your body. It’ll be safer if you visit the hospital.” He moved to get up, wanting to leave the car. As he stood up, his vision darkened as he fell into Natasha’s arms, unconscious.
“Oustin! What’s wrong? Don’t scare me!” Natasha’s expression changed.
“Sis. the traitor said that anyone who sucks out the venom will die instead! Is Dustin going to die?” Ruth cried,
astonished.
“What are you talking about, you idiot? Hurry! Let’s get him to the hospital!” Natasha ordered.
“Okay!“Ruth did not hesitate and gave the order. The convoy pulled out of the parking spot immediately.
Unbeknownst to them, shortly after they had left, several cars descended the mountain and swarmed the area where their convoy had been.
A car door opened, and Edwin Hummer stepped out. Upon seeing the corpses of Tilda and her men, his jaw crocced.
“How could this be?” Edwin exclaimed, his eyes wide with disbelief.
It was worth noting that Tilda had been planted in the Harmon family to turn the tide during crucial moments like this. But instead, she had gotten caught up in the mess herself. It was a double whammy!
“This is bad!” Edwin frowned, displeased.
Besides the mission failing, he had also lost a valuable line on his enemies. If he did not give the higher–ups a satisfactory answer soon, he could kiss his position goodbye!
###Chapter 80 by Marina Vittori
That evening. Dustin finally woke up after hours of sleeping and found that he was in a hospital room. A shocked voice rang out the moment his eyes opened.
“Huh? You aren’t dead, Rhys?” Dustin’s gaze followed the source of the voice and landed on Ruth sitting beside him with a dazed expression as she looked at him.
“What? Disappointed to see me alive?” Dustin snapped. “Ahem. Um, I’m just surprised.” Ruth grinned bashfully. ““Where’s your sister?” Dustin asked, changing the topic.
“Oh, she went to get your medicine.” Ruth examined him and said, “I heard that the venom is something called the Deadly Slither. It’s extremely poisonous and can kill a person quickly! It’s a miracle that you’re still alive!”
“You’re right. The venom is potent. It even managed to knock me out for a few hours. No wonder it’s one of the
world’s top ten most poisonous venoms,” Dustin marveled.
“Why does that sound weird?” Ruth was puzzled.
Before Ruth could come out of her daze, two people entered the hospital room.
One was Natasha, while the other was a curvaceous lady dressed exquisitely. The two women resembled
each other. Not only were they both very well–dressed, but they both had a powerful air to them.
“Dustin, you’re finally awake! How are you feeling?” Natasha’s face lit up as she rushed toward him.
“I’m feeling better now that I’ve gotten some sleep.” Dustin smiled.
“Here, take this. It’s a secret medicine I got you. Take it with some water, and you’ll be fine in no time.”
Natasha pushed a small white bottle into his hand and poured him a glass of warm water.
“Secret medicine? What is it?” Dustin asked curiously.
“Don’t underestimate it. It’s the result of three years of dedicated research and experiments by Dr. Rowan
Cross. It can treat all kinds of venom,” Natasha urged.
“Rowan Cross?” Dustin was surprised.
“You know him?” asked Natasha, with a raised eyebrow.
“I’ve met him once.” Dustin did not deny it. He had met Rowan a few years before when Rowan’s enemies
were hunting him down and Dustin had saved the poor man. The antidote had been Dustin’s gift to him.
“It’s always been difficult getting ahold of Dr. Cross‘ whereabouts and even harder to see him in person. You should take it before anything happens,” Natasha urged.
“There’s no need. My body’s already free of venom. You can take it back.” Dustin declined politely.
“It was difficult getting my hands on this baby. Why would I ever return it? Just keep it even if you’re fine now.
1/3
CS CamScanner
It’ll come in handy in emergencies,” Natasha insisted, stuffing the bottle into Dustin’s pocket.
Dustin accepted it. After all, she did it out of kindness.
“Oh, right. There’s something else I should mention. I think I saw Dahlia Nicholson at the hospital entrance,” Natasha said abruptly.
“Huh? What’s she doing here?” Dustin was puzzled.
“I heard her grandfather is critically ill and receiving emergency treatment.”
“Critically ill?” Dustin immediately became worried. “Are you sure?”
“Positive. Or Dahlia wouldn’t be downstairs right now,” Natasha replied.
“I’ll take a look.” Dustin got up and left the room.
Henry Nicholson had treated Dustin like his own, so there was no way he would do nothing while the old man
was ill
“Natasha, you wasted one of the Harmon family’s favors just for him?” The woman beside her finally spoke. She was Natasha’s mother, Jessica Ballard.
“I’ll pay Dr. Cross back myself. It has nothing to do with you,” Natasha replied indifferently.
“Do you like that kid?” Jessica frowned.
“So what if I do?” Natasha raised her chin defiantly.
“You should remember that the two of you will never end up together. He’s just a nobody while you’re the daughter of a wealthy family and the heiress to the Harmon family. Your statuses are worlds apart!” Jessica
reminded.
“I don’t care,” Natasha responded coolly.
“But I do!” Jessica’s tone was firm. “You can make up your mind about anything except your marriage! Don’t forget that you’re already engaged to Tyler!”
“Sorry. I’m not interested in Tyler Grant all” Natasha quipped.
“You have no say in this matter! You are the eldest daughter of the Harmon family. With wealth and power comes responsibility!” Jessica chided.
“Responsibility?” Natasha scoffed. “Do you mean using marriage to climb the ranks?”
“This is for your own good and the entire family’s! Tyler is an impressive person. He’s already a Major General despite his young age. He has a bright future ahead of him. He’s the perfect choice for marriage!” Jessica
lectured.
“If you like him so much, you marry him then! I have no intention of doing so,” Natasha retorted bluntly.
“Why are you so stubborn? If you don’t marry into his family, you will never become the head of the Harmon family! Why don’t you understand this?”
“It doesn’t matter since I was never interested in becoming the head of the family, to begin with,” Natasha
2/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 80
replied matter–of–factly.
“Is your entire future worth sacrificing just for that kid?” Jessica spat.
“Of course! I don’t think Tyler is better than him anyway!”
“You have that much faith in him?” Jessica’s expression hardened.
“That’s right!” Natasha announced proudly.
Jessica paused when she heard her daughter’s answer. Resolute, she inhaled before declaring with a cold voice. “Fine! Since you’re not going to give up, I’ll give you one chance. If that punk can pass three tests, I’ll never bring up the topic of your marriage to the Reeves family again!”
“What kind of tests?” asked Natasha with a raised brow.
“First, he must defeat Edwin Hummer to prove his strength!” Jessica demanded.
“Edwin has Boulderthom to back him up! It’s it a bit unreasonable to ask Dustin to defeat him?” Natasha frowned.
Jessica snorted. “If he can’t even defeat Edwin Hummer, why should I accept him into our family? What right does he have to fight Tyler? Well, I’m giving you both a chance. If he fails, you better return to Millsburg and get married!”
Jessica turned and left the room.
###Chapter 81 by Marina Vittori
Meanwhile, in a nearby hospital room, Dahlia’s grandfather lay unconscious, his face ashen.
Florence and several members of the Nicholson family gathered together as they discussed countermeasures hushedly.
“How peculiar. Old Mr. Nicholson has always been fine. Why did he suddenly fall ill?” “Exactly! He’s always looked so strong and healthy. Who would’ve guessed that this would happen if he fell ill.”
Everyone sighed with pity for the old man. “How’s Granddad?” Dahlia bolted into the room in her heels. She had been in a meeting when she received the news of her grandfather falling ill and rushed over as fast as possible.
“Dahlia, the doctors think that he might not make it,” Florence mumbled, shaking her head.
“What?” Dahlia’s face paled. “How could that be? Wasn’t he fine yesterday?”
“I think it’s weird too! But maybe this is his fate.” Florence sighed.
“Where’s the doctor? Doctor!” Dahlia called, distraught.
+
“It’s futile. All sorts of doctors have checked him. They say his symptoms are too weird. There’s no way for
them to find the root cause of his condition, and the only thing left to do is wait for his death.”
“I–impossible!” shrieked Dahlia as she began to panic. She couldn’t imagine her grandfather, who loved her
so dearly, passing away.
“Dahlia, I know a fabulous doctor. He might be able to do something.” Matt, who had been standing nearby. finally spoke.
“A fabulous doctor? Who? Can they really save my grandfather?” Dahlia perked up instantly.
“His name is Dr. Ross Leister. He just arrived from Millsburg, and his medical skills are top–notch. He’s able to
cure all sorts of illnesses! He also happens to be Dr. Rowan Cross‘ apprentice,” Matt replied.
“Dr. Cross‘ apprentice?” Everyone’s expressions began to brighten when they heard that.
Dr. Cross was well–known. Even people in South City were familiar with his accomplishments. He was on par with Dr. Watkinds and Dr. Peay, who were both already at the top of the pyramid when it came to medicine! His skills were so good they had already reached perfection. As his apprentice, Dr. Leister’s skills must be outstanding!
“Can you really get him to examine Granddad?” Dahlia asked, her tone hopeful. This doctor was her
grandfather’s only shot now.
“He’s my friend. He’ll come if I ask him to” Matt nodded.
“That’s wonderful news! If Old Mr. Nicholson gets well, the Nicholson family will be in your debt!”
Everyone agreed.
CS CamScanner
Chapter 81
“This is nothing. Let me ask for him.” Matt smiled and left the room.
As soon as Matt had left, Dustin entered the ward but was stopped in his tracks by Florence.
“What are you doing here, Rhys?” she snapped.
“I heard that Granddad’s sick. I’m here to visit him.” Dustin’s face was sombre.
“Visit him? Who do you think you are? You’re no longer my son–in–law. We don’t welcome you here!” hissed Florence as she glared at him.
“What’s wrong. Mom?” Dahlia rushed over when she heard the commotion.
“This bastard is pretending to care and wants to visit your grandfather. I bet he knows your grandpa’s time is almost up, so he’s here to try to get a piece of the family fortune!” Florence mocked.
Everyone in the Nicholson family knew that Henry Nicholson had always treated Dustin like his own grandson. It would be no surprise if the old man left Dustin something to take over!
“You’ve got it all wrong. I’m just worried about Granddad’s condition,” Dustin explained.
Still suspicious, Florence scoffed at him, “Who knows what your true intentions are?”
“Mom, just let him in. He’s just showing his love for Granddad.” Dahlia quipped.
“Dahlia, this kid-”
“I’ll take responsibility if something happens.”
Florence was about to say something else but swallowed her words and stepped aside reluctantly.
“Thank you.” Dustin gave a nod of thanks and walked straight into the ward.
The sickly old man was ashen. He looked as though he had just experienced a stroke.
Dustin reached out to touch Henry’s hand. He was shocked to discover that, although his limbs were cold, an extreme heat emanated from under the pale skin. 1
“The Flaming Frost Poison?” Dustin pondered as he narrowed his eyes, silently coming up with treatment
methods.
The Flaming Frost Poison caused the strangest symptoms. On the outside, the patient would be freezing cold while their insides were actually burning hot. Treating either symptom would be ineffective and could even
backfire if the medication used was too strong. This explained why the doctors could not do anything to treat
Henry.
“Dahlia, bring me some hot water,” Dustin ordered.
“Whatever for?” Dahlia was puzzled.
“Granddad’s weak, and he can’t hold on for much longer. I need to treat him now,” he explained grimly.
“You?” Dahlia frowned. “What nonsense are you spouting now? Do you even know anything about medicine?”
“A little.”
2/3
CS CamScanner
“And you dare to show off? What in the world are you thinking?” Dahlia asked, visibly annoyed.
This was a person’s life they were talking about, not child’s play!
“Do you even know what you’re saying. Rhys? What makes you think you can cure him? Will you take responsibility if something goes wrong?” Florence chastised.
“Exactly! Old Mr. Nicholson’s already suffering enough, so why are you causing more trouble? Just stay out of the way!”
Everyone was unhappy as Dustin was nothing more than a self–absorbed punk in their eyes. How could he, a mediocre white–collar worker who had been fired and had achieved nothing outstanding in the past three years, know anything about curing diseases and saving lives?
“If I’m saying it aloud, it means I have faith in myself that I can cure him. Let me try,” Dustin responded in a determined voice.
“Dustin, will you stop messing around?” Dahlia snapped. “You’re neither a doctor nor are you medically certified. How can you say that you can save him? I let you in to visit grandpa, not to boast!”
“Can you just trust me this once?” Dustin pleaded, upset. If he wasn’t sure he could do it, there was no way he would meddle with Henry’s life.
“This has nothing to do with trust. The fact is, you cannot do it. I won’t let you play around with Granddad’s life!” Dahlia refused bluntly.
After three years of marriage, they both knew each other like the backs of their hands. There was no way Dahlia could know whether Dustin could do it.
###Chapter 82 by Marina Vittori
“Who said I can’t do it? Fine. Then, who else can save Granddad if not me?” Dustin growled. He realized that it was impossible trying to reason with women using logic!
“The only one who can save Grandpa now is the incredible Dr. Ross Leister!” Dahlia answered with a grim expression.
“That’s right! Matt’s already gone to call the doctor. If Dr. Leister agrees to help us, we can save Old Mr. Nicholson. There’ll be no need for a quack like you.”
“Dr. Ross Leister? Who’s that?” Dustin asked. “He’s Dr. Cross‘ apprentice who specializes in treating rare diseases. He’s way better than you are!” Florence stated proudly.
As soon as the words left her mouth, two people entered the room. The first was Matt. He was followed by a man in his 30s in a white coat and a pair of glasses, with a haughty and pretentious expression on his face. “Matt! Did you manage to get Dr. Leister?” Florence rushed over.
“Of course!” With a gentle smile, Matt introduced the man, “This is Dr. Leister.”
“So you’re Dr. Leister! What an honor!”
“You’re a talented doctor indeed, Dr. Leister. You managed to become Dr. Cross‘ apprentice at such a young
age. How amazing!”
“That’s right! With Dr. Leister’s help, Old Mr. Nicholson will recover!”
Everyone began singing praises at Ross, especially since he was Dr. Rowan Cross‘ apprentice. They had to make a good impression in case they needed his help in the future.
“Honestly, I wouldn’t have bothered coming here if it weren’t for Mr. Laney. After all, everyone who asks me to treat them is either a high–ranking official, an aristocrat, or a wealthy person,” said the man in glasses. He raised his head, peering down at everyone else in the room. “Of course! It’s an honor to have you here!” Florence and the others agreed, their faces showing signs of flattery.
The man in glasses soaked up the attention, pleased. “That’s enough. I’m a busy man, so let’s not dilly–dally and get this over with. Where’s the patient?”
“Over here!” Florence led the way to Henry’s bed.
“Hmm…” The doctor nodded and proceeded to take Henry’s pulse. “So it’s Havaska? Well, this might be slightly troublesome, but no big matter. A bowl of hot medicine will do the trick.”
“Really? That’s great!”
Everyone was overjoyed. As expected, they found the right man for the treatment.
“Doctor, aren’t you mistaking something?” Dustin asked.
“What?” The man in glasses frowned and gave Dustin a look over. “And who are you? How dare you question me!”
“If it was Havaska, a bowl of hot medicine would take care of it. However, what Granddad has Isn’t Havaska but the Flaming Frost Poison!” Dustin asserted.
“What do you mean Flaming Frost Poison? I’ve never even heard of it!” The man glared at Dustin and asked, Who are you to criticize me?”
“Dr. Leister, this is a misunderstanding. This piece of trash knows nothing. Please pay him no mind.” Florence smiled at the man before turning to Dustin. “You better stop running your mouth, Rhys! You’ll be done for if you offend Dr. Leister!” she snapped.
“I’m just stating facts. If he hasn’t even heard of the poison, I have reason to question his skills,” Dustin replied, shaking his head.
“Boy, do you have any idea who I am? How dare you talk to me like that!” the man demanded furiously.
“I heard that you’re Rowan Cross‘ apprentice. However, you’ve still got a long way to go. If anyone’s doing the treatment, it should be him,” Dustin said calmly.
Henry’s condition would only worsen if the man in glasses provided treatment meant for Havaska. Naturally. Dustin doubted this man’s skills.
“Hey! Are you done yet? Who do you think you are? What makes you think you’re worthy of asking for my
mentor’s help, you fucker?” the doctor roared.
“Dustin, Dr. Cross is away on a retreat and isn’t so easily invited. Even Dr. Leister doesn’t dare disturb him,”
Matt warned.
“Mr. Laney! I came because you asked me personally. Yet instead of thanking me, someone decides to
question me. If this is the thanks I get. I’m done treating this patient!” The man turned around to leave.
causing an instant frenzy in the room.
“No! Please, Dr. Leister! This idiot is speaking nonsense. Please don’t get mad!” Florence pleaded, pulling him back while she turned to curse at Dustin, “Rhys, shut the fuck up! How dare you criticize Dr. Leister’s way of
treating patients. Get out!”
“That’s right! Who the fuck are you to point fingers at Dr. Leister?”
“Dustin Rhys! How could you be so cruel? Are you going to drive Dr. Leister away so that Old Mr. Nicholson
dies?”
Infuriated, everyone began swearing at Dustin. A man like Dustin, who only cared about showing off and had
no regard for the lives of others, was disgusting!
“Enough of this nonsense. This punk is pissing me off. Throw him out, or I’m not treating the patient any longer!” threatened the man.
“Yes, of course!” Florence apologized profusely. She turned to Dustin and spat, “Didn’t you hear what Dr. Leister said, Rhys? Get out of here!”
“Yeah! Get out! Don’t worsen Old Mr. Nicholson’s condition any further!” chimed the others.
2/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 82
“I’m just acting in Grandpa’s best interest. This person isn’t trustworthy.” Dustin tried to defend himself.
“Shut up!” Dahlia roared. “Dustin, it’s fine if you don’t have the skills, but please don’t make things worse. Get
out right now!”
“You don’t believe me either?” Dustin frowned.
“You’re a pathological liar, so why should I?” Pointing at the door, Dahlia commanded, “Get out this instant.
Don’t bother Dr. Leister!”
###Chapter 83 by Marina Vittori
Dustin was speechless as he faced the cold loo on Dahlia’s face and a rightfully angry crowd. Eventually, after a few minutes of silence, he exited the ward. He knew no one would believe him no matter what he said.
“Humph! He should’ve left hours ago! What a nuisance!” “I know! He has no awareness at all!”
The crowd insulted and criticized Dustin as he left the room. Florence smiled and said, “Dr. Leister, that ignorant bastard is gone. Please calm down.”
“Ross, can you let it go this time, for my sake? Curing the patient is an urgent matter. I’ll repay you greatly for “this!” Matt chimed in.
“How could I ignore your offer, Mr. Laney? But this will only happen once. I won’t let it go next time!” warned. the doctor with glasses.
“Of course! Most definitely!”
The crowd nodded and looked at Matt gratefully.
“How maddening! That useless bastard Dustin only knows how to make things worse. Mr. Laney is the only
person who could save the situation,” thought Florence.
“Alright, go fetch me some medicine.” The glasses–clad man did not waste another second. He wrote down the prescription and tossed it to Florence. Without a moment’s hesitation, she rushed to follow his
instructions. Luckily, she was in a hospital, and the medicine was easy to find.
In less than an hour, the medicine was ready.
“Did someone doubt my abilities earlier? I’ll show them how it’s done!” The doctor called for the crowd’s attention before he poured the medicine into Henry’s mouth. As the treatment flowed to his stomach, his face quickly regained color. He felt his frozen limbs warm up. Even his previously weak breathing had improved.
Seeing this, the crowd praised the doctor.
“It’s working! It’s working! His face is getting better!”
“Dr. Leister, you’re incredible! You were able to cure him with just some medicine. How miraculous!”
“Now that’s Dr. Cross‘ best apprentice! Those medical skills of yours are superb! You’re probably better than
your master at this point!”
The crowd’s expressions brightened as they started cheering.
“Although I’m not on the same level as my master, I’ve probably gained 70% to 80% of his skills. No illness will
be able to defeat me!” Ross boasted.
“That’s right! Dr. Leister’s medical skills are beyond praise!” Florence complimented, smiling at him.
“Too bad that guy isn’t here. Otherwise, I’d show him what a great doctor looks like!” The doctor smiled proudly.
1/2
CS CamScanner
However, as he finished his sentence, there was a sudden turn of events.
Henry’s face flushed red. Beads of sweat started to form on his forehead. His skin started burning as if he had a high fever.
“Ugh!” Henry sat up and coughed up blood. He fell backward as he fainted again.
The crowd was shocked at the scene. “What happened? Wasn’t he cured? Why did he cough up blood suddenly?” thought the onlookers.
“Doctor, what… what happened?” Dahlia asked as her face turned pale with shock. “Oh heavens! He coughed up so much blood. Could he be dead?” The color drained from Florence’s face.
“That shouldn’t happen. I followed all the procedures. How could this be?” questioned the doctor, also “puzzled. “There was no way the cure could be wrong. Why would the patient cough up blood?” he wondered.
“Please think of another way, doctor! My grandfather is dying!” Dahlia was in a panic.
Henry had lost all signs of life. Blood continued to flow from his nose. It was clear that his situation was worse than before. “Don’t panic. Let me take a look.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Chapter 84 by Marina Vittori
Dr. Ross Leister examined the patient again. However, Henry’s heart was beating rapidly as his body convulsed and trembled out of his control.
At that moment, the doctor was at a loss for words. “This does not look good.” Ross was puzzled. He sighed and said, “The patient was previously diagnosed with other illnesses. Now that he’s got the Havaska virus, it’s impossible to cure him. It looks like he won’t make it. You should start preparing for the end.”
“What?!”
Everyone froze at bie statement. “After treating him for so long, this is the outcome? Prepare for the aftermath?!” “Dr. Leister! Please, you have to save my grandfather. I’m willing to spend every penny I have!” Dahlia begged.
“…” As the doctor opened his mouth to speak, the door was kicked open with a loud bang. Dustin entered the room with a gloomy look on his face. Without a word, he swiftly pulled out a silver syringe and stabbed Henry’s chest. The fluids in the needle rushed into the man’s veins with a whoosh.
“Hey! What are you doing?!” Ross exclaimed angrily. “Since you can’t cure him, let me do it!” Dustin replied coldly.
“Who who says I can’t cure him?” With a bold look, Ross demanded, “I already thought of a way to cure him. I could save him immediately. But now that you’ve messed around with the patient, his condition has worsened!”
“So you’re saying that this is my fault?” Dustin sneered. “Of course it’s your fault! If anything goes wrong, you should take all responsibility for it!” Ross barked. He had been worried earlier but never thought this man would appear and become his scapegoat. “Thank the heavens!” he thought. He might finally be able to save his reputation.
“You’re not good at anything besides shifting blame. I don’t understand why Cross took you on as his apprentice!” Dustin mocked.
“You bastard! What are you blabbering on about? I’ll kick your ass!” The doctor was losing his patience. “Go ahead and try it if you don’t mind dying.” Dustin glared at Ross. The stern look on his face managed to instill fear in the doctor’s heart.
“Dustin! What on earth are you doing? You don’t have any medical skills, so why do you insist on messing around?!” Dahlia insisted, her blood starting to boil. Everything had happened so quickly when Dustin entered the room that she had only just returned to her senses.
“Are you guys blind? This person made Granddad cough up blood! You still belleve him?” Dustin demanded coldly.
“Dr. Leister said he knows how to treat him!” Dahlia replied. “So you just believe everything he says? Would you jump off a building if he told you to?!” Dustin insisted.
“You…” Dahlia started, but she was at a loss for words. “Enough talking! Get out of my way!” Dustin said. His relentless manner made everyone freeze.
Ignoring the crowd’s shocked expression, Dustin grabbed a glass of warm water and slowly mixed in some antidote powder. He fed it to Henry slowly.
Although he could cure Henry with his equipment, it would take too much time and effort compared to giving him this antidote. After all, it had taken Dr. Cross three years of hard work.
u sure this will work?” Dahlia questioned with a frown, clearly still filled with doubt. “Are you
“Effective or not, you will see in a minute,” Dustin replied hastily. “Humph! How ridiculous! You think you can cure Havaska poisoning with some random powder? Do you think you’re some wizard?!” the doctor chastised. How could some random guy cure an illness that he couldn’t?
“Rhys! I’m warning you! If anything happens to grandpa, I won’t let you off easily!” Dahlia snapped.
As she finished her sentence, Henry’s eyes shot open.
###Chapter 85 by Marina Vittori
“He… He’s awake?!” Everyone was stunned. No one would’ve thought that a glass of warm water was all Henry Nicholson needed to wake up. How miraculous!
“No way! Did Dustin really cure the old man’s illness?!” “That’s odd. Even Dr. Leister couldn’t cure him. How did he do it?”
The crowd exchanged looks of surprise as they watched Henry’s breathing stabilize. For a moment, they looked at Dustin in a different light. They never imagined that Dustin, who had come from an unknown
background, would have been the one to cure Henry. “Granddad, how do you feel?” Dahlia asked hurriedly.
“That’s weird. One moment everything felt cold and then hot. It seems that I’m okay now.”
Henry ran his hands over his body, looking surprised. Earlier, he thought that his life had come to an end. He never imagined that feeling would disappear so quickly!
“Dad, you… you’re really okay?” Florence could not believe it.
“Of course. I feel refreshed and full of energy!” Henry smiled.
Hearing this, everyone sighed in relief. Despite their surprise, they were still doubtful.
“Since when has Dustin known how to cure illnesses?” they wondered.
“No! No way! The patient was clearly dying. How did you save him?!” Ross asked in surprise as he returned to his senses. No one but him knew that Henry’s heartbeat had been palpitating as he had never seen before. It
was impossible to treat, even for him.
How had this fellow cured the patient? How could this man be more capable than he was? He was the great
Dr. Rowan Cross‘ apprentice!
“You couldn’t cure him, but that doesn’t mean I can’t. You should learn more from your mentor so that you don’t keep making a fool of yourself!” Dustin remarked coldly.
“You bastard! What was that powder that you used? What did you do?!” the doctor roared.
A glass of warm water couldn’t have cured him, so it must have been the powder Dustin mixed in.
“How can you call yourself Dr. Cross‘ apprentice if you don’t even recognise Hexanavir?” Dustin mocked.
“What? That was Hexanavir?!” The doctor’s eyes widened. He couldn’t believe it.
“Dr. Ross, what’s Hexanavir? Is it rare?” Florence asked.
“Rare? It was Dr. Cross‘ life’s work. He spent years producing such an antidote! With just a small sample, you
can cure any rare disease. It is invaluable. You can’t get your hands on it no matter how rich you are!” the doctor replied.
1/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 35
“Huh? It’s that incredible?” Florence said, surprised.
“No wonder… no wonder you could cure him instantly. You used Hexanavir!” As he spoke, Ross remembered something. He asked, “Wait a second. How did you get your hands on Hexanavir? It was my mentor’s masterpiece! Tell me. Did you steal it?!”
“Steal?” Dustin scoffed. “I’m not that despicable.”
“You still dare to argue! Hexanavir is my mentor’s invaluable life’s work. He wouldn’t even give any to his
apprentices. How would you have gotten your hands on it if you didn’t steal it?!” snapped the doctor.
The entire room went into an uproar. Everyone’s gaze landed on Dustin. Some were suspicious, while others. looked down on him with disdain.
“Rhys! I never thought you could be so despicable. You’d steal someone’s precious medicine just to gain
attention!” Florence yelled.
“That’s right! For a second, I actually thought you were skilled. After all that, you were only trying to outperform Dr. Leister!”
“You really are a piece of trash. With no skills, you have to resort to stealing!”
Everyone shook their head in disdain and continued mocking him.
“Dustin! Why? Why did you steal it?” asked Dahlia with a frown. She had thought that Dustin was capable, but
now it appears he stole this Dr. Cross‘ antidote! 2
“I’ll say it again. I did not steal anything. It was given to me as a gift.” Dustin explained.
“Gifted to you? Who are you? Why would my mentor give his Hexanavir to you? Why don’t you look in the
mirror and reflect on your behavior!” Ross spat with disdain.
“Believe me or don’t believe me. It’s your choice.” Dustin did not want to explain any further.
“What? Are you guilty? I’m warning you. Return the Hexanavir to me this instant. Otherwise, you’ll have to deal
with the consequences!” the doctor warned.
“Dustin! Can you have some dignity? Even if you want to be in the spotlight, you can’t do such a despicable
thing. Return it this instant!” Dahlia commanded.
“I don’t want to argue with any of you. Get Dr. Cross to take it back from me!” Dustin’s face darkened. He felt
anger rising through his body.
“Hey! You still think you’re all that after stealing? Give it back to me now!” Ross yelled as he reached out to
snatch the bottle from Dustin.
With a resounding smack, Dustin stopped the doctor with a slap across his face. The doctor almost fell from
the impact.
The crowd was stunned at the scene. They never thought that Dustin was such a wild man. After stealing
someone’s medicine, he slapped someone in the face. How arrogant!
“You… you dare hit me?” the doctor sputtered in disbelief as he held his face.
213
Chapter 85
“So what if I hit you? Do I need to make an appointment to do it?” Dustin smirked.
“Bastard! You’ve got the balls doing something like that! It looks like you don’t know what the Crosses are capable of! If you don’t want to die, you’d better kneel and beg for my forgiveness!” the doctor said fiercely.
“Apologize? Are you worthy of an apology?” Dustin sneered.
“Alright! You asked for this!” The doctor glared at him as he pulled out his phone, dialling a number.
“Dustin, if I were you, I would apologize to Dr. Leister immediately.”
Matt sneered, “You should know that the Crosses helped cure many big shots. If you dare hit Dr. Leister, you’re making yourself the enemy of Dr. Cross and the entire Cross family!”
“So what?” Dustin muttered unfazed. “So what?!” Matt looked as if he was talking to an idiot. “Stubborn till the end. When Dr. Cross gets here, you’re done for!”
“Who’s done for?” a powerful voice bellowed through the door. An older man in a doctor’s outfit appeared. His presence filled the space as he strode into the room. It was Dr. Rowan Cross!
###Chapter 86 by Marina Vittori
“Sir! You’re here?!” Upon seeing Dr. Rowan Cross, Ross was stunned. He rushed to greet the older man with respect. At that moment, he looked very humble.
“Sir?” “Could it be… this person is the great Dr. Cross?!”
After learning the identity of the older man, the Nicholson family members were excited. They surrounded him, trying to gain his favor.
“Oh my! What an honour to meet the great Dr. Cross in person!” “I’ve heard a lot about you, Dr. Cross. I’m so lucky to meet you!”
Everyone chimed in, praising the doctor. One should know that this doctor was well–known across the seven seas. Not only was he good at curing others, but he also had a vast network of connections and was incredibly influential. Just a word from him could change one’s life.
“Dr. Cross, aren’t you resting? Why are you here?” the doctor asked curiously. “A friend called me saying you were messing around with a patient. Did such a thing happen?” replied Rowanross. He was not happy.
Earlier that day, he had received a call from his biggest savior. He was so happy that he rushed to the hospital as fast as possible.
“A friend?” Everyone exchanged glances before looking at Matt. In their eyes, only someone noble could be considered a friend of Dr. Cross. In this room, Matt was the only person noble enough.
“Dr. Cross, I’ve heard a lot about you!” At that moment, Matt suddenly stepped forward and introduced himself. “I’m Matt Laney, from Millsburg. I believe you’ve met my father.”
“Oh…” Rowan replied softly. He scanned the room as if looking for something. He did not even spare Matt a glance.
Shot down by the doctor’s cold response, Matt fell silent awkwardly.
“Sir! Have you lost something recently?” Ross asked.
“Lost something?” Rowan raised his eyebrow. “What do you mean?”
“Earlier, someone here stole your antidote. Luckily I noticed in time and stopped him so that you won’t suffer any losses!” the doctor said excitedly. Hexanavir was his mentor’s most prized treasure. Now that he had helped return it, he would surely be rewarded.
“Stole my antidote? Who?” Rowan was puzzled.
1/3
CS CamScanner
“It’s him!” exclaimed the doctor as he pointed to someone behind Rowan. “He’s the one who stole your Hexanavir! He even babbled on about how you gave it to him as a gift. Thankfully I’m smart enough to see through his lies. Otherwise, he would’ve run off with the antidote!”
“Dr. Cross, Dustin’s actions have nothing to do with us. If you want to get him, just get him! It is none of our business.”
“That’s right! Hurry and get rid of him!”
The Nicholson family was afraid to get in trouble, so they all started pointing fingers at the culprit. However, no one expected the dark cloud that fell across Rowan’s face.
“Dustin, what are you still waiting for? Hurry and return the antidote and apologize! If you’re lucky, Dr. Cross might forgive you!”
Dahlia started sending him signals. Although she hated his actions at times, she still felt bad for him when he found himself in bad situations.
“Bastard! You’re done for! You dare steal my mentor’s treasure. No one can save you today!” Ross sneered with a smug look as if he had won.
One should know that although his mentor was kind and forgiving, he was serious when it came to medicine. There was no way he would let Dustin off easily for stealing his antidote!
“Dr. Cross, you’ve done a great job teaching your apprentice. Since this antidote is so precious, I’ll return it to you.“Dustin pulled out the bottle of Hexanavir and threw it over to Rowan.
Rowan almost collapsed in shock.
However, Ross still had not grasped the situation and continued mocking Dustin.
“Bastard! Now you’re scared? Why didn’t you do this earlier? Even if you return it now, it’s too late! I want you to kneel and apologize. Maybe then I’ll let you go!” the doctor with glasses exploded, his head held high.
“Shut up!” At that moment, Rowan’s patience had run out, and he slapped Ross across the face with all his
might.
Ross fell to the ground with a loud smack. He felt like he had dislocated his head. Blood started to flow from
his nose.
“S–sir. Why did you hit me? He’s the one you should hit!” Ross asked, stunned as he held his face, not
understanding what he did wrong. His master had slapped the wrong person.
“You dare disrespect Mr. Rhys? You’re the one who should be slapped!” Rowan bellowed in a fit of rage. He lifted Ross to his feet and slapped him several more times.
Ross‘ face turned a darker purple with every slap. Even his teeth started falling out.
Everyone was confused at this scene.
“What is going on? Shouldn’t Dr. Cross be lashing out at Dustin? Why is he hitting his apprentice?” everyone
wondered.
“You imbecile! Brainless scum! Who gave you the guts to disrespect Mr. Rhys? I’ll beat you till you come to
2/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 86
your senses!” Rowan roared as he kept hitting with no mercy.
If Dustin hadn’t stepped up to stop Rowan, Ross wouldn’t have survived.
After all these years, Rowan had been searching for Dustin so that he could repay him for his kindness. And now that they had finally met in person, it should have been a momentous occasion. However, his failure of an apprentice disrespected and openly mocked his greatest savior. He was clearly looking for a beating!
After letting out his anger, Rowan presented the bottle of Hexanavir to Dustin and said, “Mr. Rhys, I’m terribly sorry. It’s my fault for not training him well enough that you had to go through all that. Please forgive me!”
He fell to his knees in front of Dustin.
Seeing Rowan kneeling before the man, everyone was stunned into silence. Their eyes widened with shock as if they had seen a ghost.
“The great Dr. Cross is kneeling and apologizing to a nobody? What in the world is happening?!” everyone wondered.
###Chapter 87 by Marina Vittori
Rowan’s actions had left everyone in the room stunned. “N–no way! Dustin knows Dr. Cross? How is that possible?!” “Oh my goodness, Dustin is incredible! He can even make Dr. Cross apologize?”
Everyone in the room exchanged glances of shock as they watched Dustin’s calm, unfazed expression and the respectful look on Dr. Cross‘ face. They had difficulty picturing someone mediocre knowing someone like Dr. Cross.
“Are–are my eyes playing tricks on me?” Florence was in disbelief. *The great Dr. Rowan Cross, the best doctor in the world, was apologizing to Dustin? How unbelievable!
“Could it be that Dustin’s Hexanavir really was a gift from Dr. Cross?” Dahlia was also shocked to her core. To be honest, ever since the divorce, she noticed that Dustin had become more discreet.
“What a nuisance!” Matt muttered to himself, looking gloomy. Dr Cross” appearance had disrupted his plan.
“S–sir… You really know this guy?” Ross asked in disbelief, cradling his face.
“Know him? Mr. Rhys is my savior. You’ve got some nerve. How dare you disrespect Mr. Rhys? Hurry up and kneel! Apologize to him!” Rowan roared, slapping Ross twice more.
“I–I’m sorry. I was the one who didn’t recognise master’s savior. Please forgive me!” Ross gave in and hurriedly kneeled before Dustin. He was no longer as arrogant as he was before.
“Mr. Rhys, this failure of an apprentice made a grave mistake not recognizing someone incredible like you. Please don’t pay any mind to what he says. Of course, if you need to vent your dissatisfaction, you may punish him as you see fit. I’ll take responsibility even if you hit him to death!”
Rowan’s words shocked the injured doctor as he trembled in fear. From the look on his master’s face, he realised he had messed with the wrong person.
If Rowan did not go easy on him, he’s dead!
“I don’t need to punish him. I just hope you will be stricter with apprentices so they don’t ruin your reputation,
Dr. Cross,” Dustin said in a gentle voice.
“Of course, of course,” Rowan agreed, nodding. “I will make this one reflect on his behavior. If he doesn’t change his ways, I’ll kick him out!”
“That’s your decision to make,” Dustin added.
“Failure! Hurry up and thank Mr. Rhys for being so forgiving!” Rowan roared.
“Thank you, Mr. Rhys, for your kindness!” the doctor kneeled before him.
“That’s enough. Get up.” Dustin waved him away.
“Mr. Rhys, it’s been so long since we last saw each other after we parted ways. Do you have some time to
have a meal with me?” Rowan asked.
CS CamScanner
Upon hearing the invitation, everyone in the room was fired up. What an honor it was to share a meal with Dr. Cross. Even the great elites from Millsburg had to make reservations to meet him.
“Dammit! This Dustin guy really hit the jackpot!”
“I know, right? To get on Dr. Cross‘ good side, he must have a great life ahead of him.”
They were jealous and filled with envy. The words that left of Dustin’s lips in reply to the esteemed doctor shocked everyone even further.
“I don’t have the time right now. I’ll let you know when I’m free,” Dustin replied.
“H–he rejected Dr. Cross? The guy who got kicked out of the Nicholson family rejected an invitation from the great Dr. Cross? Did I hear that correctly?” everyone questioned.
“Oh, okay. I can always make time for Mr. Rhys.”
No one expected Rowan’s response. Not only was he not angry, but he was even happier than before. Dustin had not explicitly rejected him. That meant Rowan still stood a chance.
“Mr. Rhys, you’re busy. I won’t waste more of your time. Goodbye,” Rowan said tactfully, shaking Dustin’s, hand. He dragged his apprentice by his ear and left the room.
After they had left, the ward was in an uproar again. They looked at Dustin in surprise.
“Dustin, how do you know Dr. Cross?” It was Dahlia who spoke up first.
“I helped him once, so he owes me a favor.” Dustin said bluntly.
“Just like that?” Dahlia was shocked.
“What else is there?” Dustin replied.
“So that’s how it is. I thought.” Dahlia trailed off.
Everyone else let out a sigh of relief at his reply. They thought that Dustin had curried Rowan’s favor using other mysterious means. It turned out that he was just lucky.
“Humph! So what if you helped him once? You just got lucky! What’s so special about that!”
“He only owes you a favor. He already gifted you a bottle of Hexanavir. And now he’s saved your reputation.
The next time you ask him for help, he won’t comply!”
“We should stand on our own two feet. You shouldn’t keep seeking out others for help. After all, it won’t last
forever.”
Now that they knew the truth, the crowd started making sarcastic comments. After all, they still couldn’t accept that a nobody like Dustin could be better than them.
“Dustin, thank you for what you did earlier,” Dahlia mumbled awkwardly.
She never thought that Dustin would know Dr. Cross. He even cured her grandfather’s illness. Reflecting on
her actions, she couldn’t help but feel guilty.
“You don’t have to say anything. Saving Granddad was my decision. It had nothing to do with you,” Dustin
Dahlia’s gratitude vanished with Dustin’s cold words. She frowned and thought to herself, “I already expressed my gratitude. What else does he want? Should I apologize to him in front of everyone? Does he need to be so particular?”
###Chapter 88 by Marina Vittori
“Rhys! What is your problem? So you got lucky and saved the old man! You don’t have to be so rude about it!” Florence cried, clearly upset. How dare he treat her daughter that way? Did he think he was all that?
“At least I saved him. What about all of you? He almost lost his life because of you!” Dustin retorted coldly.
“You… What is this attitude?!” Florence sputtered. She had almost reached her limit.
“Enough! Stop yelling at each other! What a disgrace!” Henry then demanded, “Florence, all of you, go outside. I need to speak to Dustin for a while.”
“Humph!” Although Florence was not happy about it, there was no other option but to leave.
“As soon as they left the room, the group started muttering.
“Say, do you think Old Mr. Nicholson wanted to talk to Dustin about his will or something?”
“I’m not sure. That guy is great at getting on Old Mr. Nicholson’s good side. No matter what, we need to be
careful!”
“Ha! I don’t understand. James is his biological grandson, and yet Old Mr. Nicholson favors that guy more. I
really don’t know what’s wrong with him!”
They murmured to each other, expressing their dissatisfaction.
“Oh, that’s right. Where’s James? Why isn’t he here while Old Mr. Nicholson is sick?”
Dahlia scanned the room and realised her brother was not present.
“He went drinking with his friends. We couldn’t get through to his phone. He probably left it on silent mode,”
Florence said, shaking her head.
“Humph! He only knows how to go to bars and drink. No sense of responsibility at all!” Dahlia’s expression
darkened. With behavior like that, it was no surprise that her grandfather favored this other guy more than his
biological grandson.
“Ms. Nicholson! Something’s wrong!” Lyra cried as she arrived in her work attire. She looked like she was in a
rush.
“What happened?” Dahlia asked, confused.
“I was notified that your brother started a commotion and got into a conflict with some people. They started a
fight.” Everyone was shocked to hear Lyra’s words.
“What? Who’s got the guts to bully my son?!” Florence demanded as her blood started to boil upon hearing the news. She had evidently missed the fact that her son was the one who had started the fight. 1
“I don’t know the details, but I heard that the other party had many more people. If we don’t get there in time to
stop it, James might be in trouble,” Lyra added.
“Then what are we waiting for? Let’s go help him!” Florence rolled up her sleeves, looking like she was ready to fight.
1/2
CS CamScanner
Chapter 88
“He only knows how to get into trouble. How annoying! Lyra, hurry and get more people to the bar!” Dahlia instructed. She led the group to the pub. After all, James was her brother. If he got into trouble, she had to
clean up his mess.
Meanwhile, in the other hospital ward, Dustin received a phone call from Duane.
“Hey, Dustin. I found the incredibly rare Panax root that you asked for. Are you free now? We should meet up and have a chat.” 1
“Oh? Where are you?”
“I’m at Enchanted Tavern. I’ll wait for you to get here!”
“Alright. I’ll be there.” Dustin hung up the call, said his goodbyes to Henry, and headed to his destination. 500- year–old Panax root was invaluable. Now that Duane had gotten his hands on it, Dustin could not miss the
opportunity.
Half an hour later, as Dustin arrived at Enchanted Tavern, he noticed Dahlia waiting next to her car.
“Why are they here?” Dustin wondered. He was confused, but he did not reach out to them.
He followed a group of people inside.
###Chapter 89 by Marina Vittori
There were a lot of people gathered in the bar. Some of them were spectators. Others were involved in the fight.
The group that the onlookers were most interested in was a small group led by James. A few of them had bruises covering their faces and blood rushing from their faces. They were forced to kneel on the ground, looking hopeless.
“James, how did you end up like this?” Dahlia could not help but frown when she noticed James‘ injuries.
“Sis! You’re finally here!” James staggered as he stood up. It was almost as if he had met an angel.
“Oh! My poor son! Who did this to you? Tell me. I’ll give them what they deserve!” Florence shrieked at James, heartbroken. Even when her son made a mistake, she could not bring herself to life a finger against him. There was no way she would allow others beat him up like this.
“Mom! That’s the bastard who hit me!” James pointed behind him, looking vicious.
Florence followed his gesture, and her eyes fell on a beautiful woman in a revealing dress sitting calmly at a table. Behind her stood a few burly, strong–looking men.
“Bitch! You are all dead meat! My sister is the president of the Quine Group! You will pay for hitting me!” James roared. They would pay twice the price of what he had gone through!
“The Quine Group? Is it powerful?” The woman in the red dress swirled her glass of wine, unfazed by his words.
“Humph! You don’t even know the Quine Group! I knew you guys looked uncultured! Let me warn you. Hurry up and apologize to my son and settle for his medical fees. Otherwise, you’ll all pay the price!” Florence warned.
“Old bitch! You dare disrespect our boss? I’ll rip your tongue apart!” shouted one of the men standing behind
the woman in red. He pulled out a switchblade.
“What? Are you threatening me? You think you scare me?” Florence scoffed as she stumbled two steps
backward with fear. She was stubborn.
“What happened?” Dahlia had always been the rational one. She started asking about the situation.
“What happened? You should ask your brother about that.” The woman in the red dress stood up slowly and
pointed at James. “He started making a commotion at my place. He even started hitting my men. I was just
teaching him a lesson. I’m not crossing the line, right?”
“I’ll pay for the damage done. But why did you have to be so cruel to him?” Dahlia asked, frowning.
“Cruel? Haha! I already went easy on him. Otherwise, he would’ve lost more limbs!” The woman sneered. Enough! I won’t waste another second with you. If you want to settle this peacefully, hand over 700 thousand dollars! If you don’t, none of you will leave this room!”
“700 thousand dollars? Why not go rob someone?!” James roared.
“That’s right! I haven’t dealt with you for hurting my son! How dare you ask us for money? Where did you get
your guts?!” Florence glared at her.
1/2
CS CamScanner
Chapter 89
“You guys better come to your senses while I’m still being nice. After my man gets here, it won’t be as simple as handing over money,” the woman replied calmly.
“So what if you have a man? Tell him to come here this instant if you dare! I want to see how capable he really is!” Florence pushed, unafraid.
“You’re messing with the wrong guy! Do you know who our lady’s man is? He’s Sir Draco! Our leader of South
City, the Cobra!” boasted one of the men.
“The Cobra?!”
The Nicholson family immediately turned pale.
Swinton had four main territories: the North, South, East, and West Cities. East City was ruled by the King of the Underworld, Trevor Spanner. Meanwhile, South City was ruled by the infamous Cobra!
Compared to the King of the Underworld, the Cobra was said to be even more relentless and vile. According to legend, the Cobra loved raising alligators. Anyone who dared cross him was fed to his gators. People from West City could not afford to offend the Cobra.
They really were in trouble this time!
###Chapter 90 by Marina Vittori
“No wonder nobody dares to cause trouble here. Who knew Rosaline was Lord Draco’s woman?”
“It’s not that nobody dares to cause trouble; it’s just that anybody who caused trouble is dead! A tycoon with a net worth of billions flirted with Rosaline, and Lord Draco ordered that his limbs be chopped off. After the incident, the tycoon didn’t dare lift a finger and even apologized personally.”
“Fuck! That’s brutal!”
“No shit. Lord Draco is South City’s biggest bully. No one dares disrespect him!”
After finding out who the woman, Rosaline, was, the bar erupted in a furor. Some were shocked, some were in awe, and some sat back to watch the show.
“We’re in trouble this time!” James gulped as cold sweat dripped down his forehead. If he had known that Sir Draco ruled this place, he would not have dared to cause trouble, even if someone had put a gun to his head.
“How did I end up offending the devil himself?”
Florence shrugged, her face filled with fear. She wasn’t as fiery as before. She could bully some small fry, but when it came to a brutal thug like the Cobra, she knew her place.
“Why so quiet? Weren’t you great at speaking your mind earlier? Why don’t you show us again what you’ve got? *smirked the muscular man.
Was there anyone in South City who didn’t know of Sir Draco’s reputation? Almost nobody dared to offend Sir Draco!
“Don’t panic. I’m here. They wouldn’t dare touch you,” Matt spoke up next to them.
Florence and James were surprised at his words. They had nearly forgotten they had someone backing them
up!
Matt was from the Laney family in Millsburg. What did he have to fear in this territory? No matter how mighty the Cobra was, he wouldn’t dare go against the Laney family, would he?! 
With that realization, Florence and James straightened.
“Matt, the Cobra rules over this place. Is this really okay?” James asked tentatively.
“Don’t worry. He’s just some snake in the grass. He’s nothing to me.” Matt gave a small smile. He finally had a chance to flaunt his influence, so he had to show them all he had.
“I’m glad then.” James grinned. He thought he was done for, but now he had another shot.
“Hey! What are you mumbling about? Are you going to pay up or not?!” Rosaline barked, getting impatient.
“What are you going to do if we don’t pay up? You think we’re scared of you?” Florence mocked, placing her hands on her hips. With Matt backing her up, she feared nothing.
“You won’t pay?” Rosaline laughed coldly. “If you don’t pay up, we’ll do it Sir Draco’s way. Anyone who causes trouble here will have their limbs chopped off!”
10
CS CamScanner
Chapter 98
She raised her hands and made a sign. The muscular men behind her unsheathed their machetes and strode
forward.
“Wait!” Matt hissed and stepped up from behind. His good looks and classy aura always made women swoon.
“And who are you? How dare you meddle in my business?” Rosaline looked him up and down.
“I’m Matt Laney from the Laney family in Millsburg.”
“The Laneys from Millsburg?”
The room was in an uproar.
“Even an elite from Millsburg is here. We’re in for a good show!”
“No wonder those two are so bold. They have Mr. Laney backing them up!”
“Mr. Laney is so handsome. I wonder if he has a girlfriend.”
The crowd pointed fingers and gossiped. Their awe made Florence and James feel proud. The Laney family’s reputation was valuable indeed. With the Laney family backing them up, who would dare go against them?
“So you’re Mr. Laney. Nice to meet you,” Rosaline rasped, forcing a smile.
Of course, she had heard of the Laneys. There was a time when they were the aristocrats who led everything in Millsburg. Although they weren’t as glorious anymore, she did not dare provoke them.
“Since you know who I am, that makes settling things easier. Tell me, how do you intend to deal with this?” Matt asked as he clasped his hands behind his back arrogantly.
“Since you’ve spoken up, Mr. Laney, I naturally have to show you some respect. I’ll treat what happened here today as a misunderstanding. It’s over.” Rosaline conceded. They had a business to run, and she did not want to cause problems for Sir Draco.
“It’s over?” Matt snorted, “You hit a friend of mine, and you think two words can smooth things over? There are
no free lunches here.”
“What else do you want?” Rosaline asked, frowning.
“Pay up and apologize, of course!”
“Apologize?” A dark shadow fell across Rosaline’s face. If she was dealing with this herself, she was okay apologizing. However, she was representing Sir Draco. If she apologized to them, wasn’t that an insult to Sir
Draco?
“Are you deaf? Hurry up and apologize, or I’ll trash this place!” With her hands on her hips, Florence’s arrogant
air returned.
“You don’t only have to apologize. You have to pay up. Damn it, you’ll have to pay me five million for beating me up like this! James shouted. With Matt backing him up, he had all the confidence in the world. He was milking Matt’s influence as much as he could.
“Mr. Laney, this is Sir Draco’s territory. Save me some face. Let’s not make enemies.” Rosaline pleaded, feeling
awkward.
Chapter 90
“You want me to save you some face? Who do you think you are?” Matt smirked. “Even if the Cobra were here, I’d demand an apology. Much less one from you!”
“Who thinks he has what it takes to make me apologize?” A thundering voice rang out across the bar.
A bald man wearing sunglasses, with a cigar between his lips, walked in menacingly. His fierce demeanor and intimidating aura frightened the crowd as they stepped aside. A path opened for him.
“Sir Draco, what brings you here?” Rosaline’s eyes lit up as she rushed to greet him.
“Just showing one of the gentlemen around.”
The Cobra put an arm around her waist and asked, “What’s going on? I thought I heard someone demanding
an apology from me.”
“It’s like this…” Rosaline began, recounting everything that had happened with no details spared.
“Mr. Laney from Millsburg, is it? So you’re the one who wants me to apologize?” The Cobra stepped forward and looked Matt up and down. His expression wasn’t friendly at all.
“That’s right. Your people beat my friend up. Apologizing is the natural thing to do,” Matt quipped. With his hands behind his back, he was as arrogant as ever.
“Apologize? Fuck you!” The Cobra was furious. He slapped Matt across the face.
Matt stumbled and nearly fell over.
“Fuck!” he yelled.
The onlookers in the bar were stunned.
###Chapter 91 by Marina Vittori
The Cobra was more brutal than they had expected.
He even dared to slap an elite from Millsburg over a minor misunderstanding. There was no doubt that he was the mighty Cobra!
“How dare you hit me?” Matt cried as he cradled his burning cheek in disbelief. How dare some random thug hit him? He was from the Laney family!
“So what if I hit you? Don’t you deserve it for causing trouble on my turf?” The Cobra shot him a cold smile.
“Do you know that I’m from the Laney family?!” Matt thundered. He had always been a prideful person, so getting slapped in public was the greatest humiliation of his life!
“The Laney family? So what?” snorted the Cobra. “Don’t you know how to show respect on someone else’s turf? I don’t care if you’re the king. When you’re on my turf, you bow to me. You understand?!”
The Laney family had been glorious once. Even his boss had to show them his respect in the past. Now, they were no different from anyone else. Even if they were famous, the Laney family had fallen a few social classes long ago.
“Cobra! Are you provoking the Laney family so openly?” Matt challenged, with an unkind look on his face. He had thought that using his family name would scare the Cobra. To his surprise, his trick was ineffective.
“Stop fucking making a fool of yourself here! What’s so grand about being a Laney? I’ll be honest with you. I’ve got someone backing me up, and it’s Sir Anderson!” shouted the Cobra, his eyes bulging.
“Sir Anderosn?!” Matt looked taken aback. All his rage dissipated instantly.
Sir Anderson wasn’t just an aristocrat but one of the Five Big Guns of the Anderson family. He was the true face of the business world and a powerful figure in this city!
Even when the Laney family was still in their prime, they had had to bow to Sir Anderson!
He never expected a puny thug like the Cobra would have the Anderson family backing him.
“Hey, Laney! If you don’t want to get a damn beating, then get lost. Or else, I’m going to beat all of you up together!” growled the Cobra fiercely.
“You—* Matt trailed off. He was outraged but helpless. He couldn’t afford to offend Sir Anderson.
Seeing Matt fall silent, Florence and James‘ confidence wavered. They had thought that they could do anything they wanted with the Laney family backing them up. They never expected the Cobra to be so brutal. He hadn’t just embarrassed the Laney family. He had even slapped Matt. If the Laney family wasn’t enough to scare the Cobra, did this mean certain death for them?!
“Who were the ones causing trouble just now? Come out and face me!” the Cobra bellowed furiously.
James was terrified, and he nearly peed his pants.
“Sir Draco! Let’s talk things out. My brother is young and ignorant. I’ll apologize on his behalf. I’ll pay double for all the losses incurred!” Dahlia spoke up hastily as she watched the situation go awry.
12
CS CamScanner
Chapter 91
The Cobra was ruthless, and he meant what he said. In this situation, they had no choice but to sacrifice.
“Pay double? Do I look like I need the money? If I don’t make an example of you today, won’t any Tom, Dick, or Harry dare cause trouble on my turf next time? Men, chop their hands off!” he ordered.
The muscular men behind him strode forward, brandishing their machetes.
“Dahlia! Help me! Help me!” James exclaimed, scared out of his wits, as he hid behind Dahlia.
Just as he was about to get caught, a beer bottle flew through the air and smashed into the heads of one of
the burly men.
With a smash, the man collapsed dead on the spot. The crowd was stunned.
“Who’s there? Who did that?!”
###Chapter 92 by Marina Vittori
The Cobra’s expression darkened, and he swept his piercing gaze around the room. He was greeted by the sight of beer bottle after beer bottle.
“Smash, smash, smash, smash!” The bottles shot out like cannonballs and sent each man sprawling. Each bottle met its target with deadly accuracy!
“Who’s being such a fucking coward? Come out and face me if you have the balls!” roared the Cobra furiously.
No ordinary man could send a dozen men flying with just beer bottles. “Sir Draco, forgiveness is a virtue. Why won’t you show mercy?” a voice replied.
Dustin strolled out from amongst the crowd, attracting stares across the room.
“Who is that? How dare he attack Sir Draco’s men? Does he have a death wish?”
“He’s quite handsome, but he’s not very smart to offend Sir Draco.”
“If it were me, I would have run away after hurling the bottles. Why would he fucking show his face? Isn’t he courting death?!”
The crowd gossiped. Some were surprised, some showed admiration, and some enjoyed the drama.
“Why are you here?” Dahlia questioned, confused. She never assumed Dustin would show up.
“What is this idiot doing here?” Florence and James exchanged looks of confusion.
“Who are you, boy? How dare you attack my men?” the Cobra asked, with a menacing expression that
suggested he wanted to bite Dustin’s head off.
“Who I am is not important. For the sake of your safety, Let’s just let this incident slide,” Dustin replied curtly.
“Let it slide? Who the fuck do you think you are? I’ll just let it slide just because you said so? — Just as he was about to curse, a beer bottle smashed into his head. 1
Blood and beer trickled down his face.
Everyone was appalled! The onlookers‘ eyes bulged with looks of utter disbelief. No one had expected Dustin to be so bold. He had hit the Cobra just because of a disagreement. He showed no hesitation. He must be out
of his mind!
After a brief moment of silence, the whole bar exploded in an uproar.
“He’s done for! This young man is dead! No one can save him!”
“I must say I admire his courage. He even dares to hit Sir Draco! He has the courage of a lion!”
“He really is a hero. He has my respect!”
“He sure looks cool, but who can survive Sir Draco’s fury?”
1/7
CS CamScanner
Chapter 92
The crowd tattled on, but their gazes as they looked toward Dustin was like looking at a prisoner facing the guillotine.
The crowd muttered on, but their expressions turned to worry as they watched Dustin, a prisoner facing the guillotine.
–
“Dustin! Are you crazy?! You you actually…” Dahlia sputtered. She was so shocked that she couldn’t
complete her sentences.
That was Sir Draco! He lorded over South City and the head honcho of the underground! He did not give a damn about the Laney family! How how dare he?!
“This idiot must have hit his head. How could Dustin be brave enough to hit Sir Draco?” James was dumbfounded.
Although Dustin was standing up for them, what he did was just too crazy! James would never dream of doing something like this.
“You like fooling around so much, don’t you? I’m going to watch your last moments!”
As the shock passed, Matt couldn’t help but smile coldly. He had felt uneasy since Dustin had shown off at the hospital. He had even dared to fool around on the Cobra’s turf this time.
He really didn’t value his life!
###Chapter 93 by Marina Vittori
“How… how dare you hit me?!”
The Cobra rubbed his head in disbelief. His hand was covered in blood. In the years since he had taken over South City, no one had dared disrespect him, much less hit him with a bottle.
“This fool must have a death wish!” he thought.
“Sir Draco, take my advice. Let it go,” said Dustin calmly.
“Fuck you! I’m telling you, you’re dead meat! I’m going to rip you apart!” the Cobra cursed and swore as he returned to his senses.
‘As the threat left his mouth, a knife was held to his neck. The sharp blade pierced his skin, and drops of blood trickled from the fresh wound. An inch deeper, and the knife would have pierced his artery.
Silence. The entire bar fell into complete silence. The Cobra’s roars stopped, along with the crowd’s prattling.
Everyone was utterly shocked as they turned to look at Dustin, who was wielding the knife. Hitting Sir Draco with a bottle could still be excused as an accident. Unfortunately, holding a knife to his neck was undeniably an act of provocation and humiliation.
Dustin’s boldness surprised everyone again as he shouted, “You idiot! Do you know what you’re doing right now?”
The Cobra went stiff and said fiercely. “If you dare touch a hair on my head, I swear you won’t walk out this door alive!”
“Sir Draco, don’t frighten me. I’m a scaredy cat. You can’t blame me if my hand trembles and I slit your neck,” Dustin teased. The blade went deeper. More blood started flowing from the exposed flesh. The Cobra’s facial muscles twitched in fear.
“Stop!” Rosaline shouted. “I don’t care who you are, but let Sir Draco go. Otherwise, your friends will die with you!”
“Dustin! Don’t be a fool! Put down the knife!” Dahlia yelled.
She was petrified that Dustin would kill the Cobra in a moment of impulse. If that happened, then they were all done for!
“Dustin! Are you crazy? Let Lord Draco go! Don’t drag us down with you!” Florence shouted, panicked. Of course, she could not care less if Dustin died, but she didn’t want to be next. If Sir Draco died, they would have to face the consequences.
“Young man, I admire your courage. So I’m giving you a chance right now. Put down the knife, and I’ll spare your life!” said the Cobra icily.
“Sir Draco, it seems like you’re still missing the picture. Right now, I hold the power,” Dustin stated.
“What? You have the guts to kill me? Do you know what will happen if you touch a hair on my head?”
“I’m not afraid of you. If it comes down to it, I’ll just give my life for taking yours.” Dustin responded, an
1/1
CS CamScanner
Chapter 93
unbothered look on his face.
“You“..” The Cobra was a little speechless. He was fearless, but he feared those who did not fear death. To his dismay, Dustin did not fear death.
“Dustin, know your limits. It’s not too late if you stop now!” Dahlia persuaded. No matter what, she didn’t want to see Dustin get killed over this.
“Young man, I advise you to stop while it’s not too late. Sir Draco already promised to let you off the hook.
You’d better not push things too far.”
*That’s right! Sir Draco is finally showing mercy. Don’t play with fire, or you’ll get burned.”
People shot him advice from the crowd. They recognised Dustin’s courage, but if he was stupid, he was just a typical fool.
“Young man! You have no idea who you’ve offended. I work for Sir Anderson. You’re spitting right in Sir Anderson’s face if you dare hurt me! If that happens, not just you, but your friends and family will all die!”
threatened the Cobra.
“Sir Anderson? Is he oh–so–great?” Dustin retorted.
“He’s not just great, but the whole of Swinton respects him. I’m sure you’ve heard of Mr. Anderson of Swinton Group. He is Sir Anderson’s kin! You should know how to weigh the odds!” said the Cobra.
“After hearing this, I want to meet Sir Anderson,” Dustin exclaimed, looking interested.
“Hmph! I’m afraid you’ll pee your pants if you meet Sir Anderson!” The Cobra smiled wryly.
A hubbub arose near the door.
A fit, middle–aged man wearing a suit walked in with bodyguards flanking him. He looked charismatic and intimidating without even trying.
“Sir Anderson?!”
The moment the man appeared, the Cobra’s spirits lifted dramatically.
The bar went into an uproar, and the crowd retreated in respect. They knew that the man they were looking at was someone even the Cobra bowed to!
“Shit! Sir Anderson’s here!” Dahlia’s expression changed.
She could only imagine how the magnitude of the influence and background of someone in Mr. Anderson’s
league.
“How foolish! If he had let Sir Draco go earlier. Too bad now that Sir Anderson is here. He dug his own grave!”
“I don’t care if he djes, but he’s dragging us down with him. What bad luck!”
Florence and the others were shocked and terrified at the same time. They couldn’t even afford to offend the Cobra, much less the man behind him, who was none other than Sir Anderson.
“You fool! Sir Anderson is here. Aren’t you going to surrender?” shouted the Cobra.
2/3
CS CamScanner
Sir Anderson did not only have a strong family background, but he was also extremely powerful. He had seen Sir Anderson get away with killing dozens of men with his own eyes.
“Sir Anderson! You came at the perfect time. Someone caused trouble here and is even holding Sir Draco hostage!” Rosaline complained without hesitation.
“Oh? Who is brave enough to touch my men?” The middle–aged man cocked an eyebrow and looked toward the commotion.
However, when he saw Dustin, his expression went blank. He was clearly taken aback.
In fact, Dustin was also stunned.
He never imagined that Sir Anderson was also Duane Welch!
“Boy, you’d better put the knife down before Sir Anderson gets mad. Or else you’re never going to walk out of
here alive!” threatened the Cobra nastily.
Dustin obeyed at once and dropped the knife with a clang.
“Hmph! You’re scared now, aren’t you? But it’s too late!”
The Cobra distanced himself and stood with a threatening stance, ready to enact his revenge.
Before he could give the order, Duane asked, “Dustin, what happened? Did my men offend you?”
“It’s just a small misunderstanding. I never thought they were your men, Uncle Duane.* Dustin smiled.
“Uncle Duane?” The Cobra was dumbfounded as he watched the two men talk amicably.
###Chapter 94 by Marina Vittori
When Sir Anderson showed up, everyone thought Dustin was done for. To their surprise, nothing dramatic happened when Sir Anderson saw Dustin. Instead, they chatted amicably like they were old friends.
The Cobra was appalled by this turn of events. Even Florence and the others were stunned.
“This can’t be for real, right? Could he really know Sir Anderson?”
“My goodness, who is that man? How could he and Sir Anderson be talking like buddies?”
The crowd gossiped in hushed voices, obviously taken aback.
*S–Sir Anderson–you know him?” The Cobra gulped. He was slightly panicked and at a loss.
‘Dustin is Natasha’s friend. What gave you the nerve to offend him?” Duane’s expression grew colder by the second.
“Huh? Ms. Harmon’s friend?” The Cobra got the fright of his life.
Natasha Harmon wasn’t just one of Swinton’s big guns, she had the support of Millburg’s aristocrats. She was as prominent a figure as Sir Anderson himself. What’s more, Natasha was a very protective person. Anyone who dared to offend her friends was doomed to face ruthless revenge!
“Sir Anderson, I–1- the Cobra stuttered.
“Pack it up and stop being a baby. Apologize to Dustin, and whatever happened will be forgotten.” Duane waved his hand.
“Okay, okay…” The Cobra nodded repeatedly and bowed to Dustin. “Mr. Rhys, I’m terribly sorry. I didn’t know who you were and offended you. I hope you’ll let this slide and forgive me this once.”
“You’re exaggerating. As long as you won’t take revenge,” said Dustin plainly.
“I wouldn’t dare…” The Cobra kept wiping away his sweat as he said, “From now on, you and your friends will be treated as our VIPs. Everything will be on the house!”
His humble response shocked the crowd. Who would have thought that the Cobra, who was so villainous just a moment before, would apologize so humbly the next?
“Dustin, let’s have a chat. This way.” Duane wasn’t joking. He stretched out a hand in invitation and led the
way to the office on the second floor.
The moment they left, the entire bar erupted!
*I… I wasn’t just seeing things, was I? Did that fool just talk to Sir Anderson like the best of pals?” James asked in disbelief.
After all, Sir Anderson was the Cobra’s backer. He could turn Swinton upside down with a lift of his finger.
“If I’m guessing right, Ms. Harmon must have something to do with their acquaintance.” Dahlia suggested, her senses returning quickly.
CS CamScanner
She had heard Sir Anderson mention Natasha Harmon. It was undeniable that he had spared Dustin for the sake of the Harmon family’s reputation.
“You must be right! It has to be! How else can a small fry like him know such a big shot?” James nodded
fervently.
I
“Hmph! I thought he had some real potential, but it turns out that he was just putting on a show by relying on someone else’s influence!” Florence huffed, displeased.
“A man should have a spine. How can a man always count on a woman to back him up?” Dahlia shook her head in disappointment. Climbing the ranks by kissing up to someone looked grand on the surface, but it was
just a quick taste of heaven. It would never last long.
“What a lucky bastard!” Matt’s expression was stormy, and his gaze stung with disdain. It was already shameful enough getting slapped by the Cobra earlier, but now, Dustin’s glory had made him look even more pathetic in comparison. He could not accept that a good–for–nothing like Dustin had outshone him! Meanwhile, in the office on the second floor, Dustin sat across from Duane while the Cobra served them.
###Chapter 95 by Marina Vittori
“Duane, let’s not beat around the bush, shall we?” Dustin sipped his tea and said, “You said you’ve found the Panax root. Where is it?”
“Since you’re so anxious, I won’t tease you any longer.” Duane smiled and clapped his hands.
A bodyguard entered the room carrying a wooden box. Placing the box on the table between him and Dustin, Duane opened it slowly. A dark yellow root no bigger than a palm sat inside. It was a Panax root with
unusually long roots.
*This really is good stuff!” Dustin exclaimed upon examining the root closely. He looked delighted.
A 500–year–old Panax root was an extremely rare treasure! Now that he had another herb, he was another
step closer to his goal!
“How is it, Dustin? Are you satisfied?” Duane smiled expectantly.
“Of course, I’m satisfied. Thank you so much.” Dustin smiled, reaching out to take the root.
Suddenly, the lid of the box snapped shut.
“Dustin, what’s the hurry? Let’s talk more,” Duane asserted. One hand remained wrapped around the box. Evidently, he was not planning on giving its contents to Dustin that easily.
“Duane, what’s this about?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“I’m very interested in your Gemiphen formula. Can you sell it to me?‘ Duane smiled faintly.
“Duane, this wasn’t what we agreed on. As per our agreement, I cure your ailment, and you give me a 500–year -old Panax root in return,” Dustin reminded him.
“Are you sure you remember correctly? Yes, you cured me, but I gave you the Hillview Hotel in return. As for the Panax root, you’ll have to exchange it for your Gemiphen formula!”
“You sound like you want to go back on your word,” Dustin warned, his expression gradually growing colder. He had thought that Duane had come to give him the Panax root, but to his surprise, Duane had been eyeing his Gemiphen formula all along.
“Dustin, don’t put it that way. We just want mutual benefits. If you’re unsatisfied, I can give you another thirty million in cash!” Duane stuck out three fingers.
“I’ve said this before. My Gemiphen formula is not for sale. You can only give me herbs in exchange for it,”
stressed Dustin.
“Haha… am I not doing an exchange with you right now?” Duane hinted, tapping on the box between them.
“Duane, if people find out you’re not a man of your word, won’t you become a laughing stock?” Dustin’s
expression was as cold as ice.
If he negotiated politely, Dustin didn’t mind selling him two packets of Gemiphen. However, Duane’s way of obtaining the formula was foolish.
1/2
CS CamScanner
Chapter 95
*So what if people find out? Who would believe you?” Duane challenged. His nervous smile did not reach his
eyes.
The Gemiphen formula was priceless. If he could get his hands on it, he could take over the entire Anderson
family!
“Duane, for Ms. Harmon’s sake, I won’t burn bridges between us. So now, you’d best give me the Panax root.”
Dustin said calmly, suppressing his anger.
“And what if I don’t?” Duane retorted.
“Then don’t blame me for snatching it away.” Dustin was very blunt.
“Snatch? Haha. If you can take this box from me, I’ll let you have it for free!” Duane laughed. He had trained
in martial arts for years and had long since reached the highest level of mastery. How dare an amateur like
Dustin snatch something out of the hands of a master like him?
“Okay! You said it yourself!” Dustin wasted no time and reached for the wooden box.
Duane was fully prepared. His hand bent into a claw and grabbed Dustin’s forcefully. The battle had begun.
###Chapter 96 by Marina Vittori
Duane was still smiling confidently at the start of the battle.
But it was not long before he noticed something was very wrong. Dustin was much stronger than he had expected. He could feel terrifying surges of energy rushing at him like waves in the ocean. They made the bones in his hand tremble. They would break any minute!
Duane’s expression darkened, and he couldn’t take it anymore. He threw a hard punch at Dustin, trying to
make him fall back. However, Dustin did not dodge and faced it head–on instead.
Their fists collided, and Duane’s chair was smashed into pieces! The force of the punch shoved Duane
backward until he hit the wall to catch his balance.
Even so, Dustin remained seated calmly. They both knew who was more powerful!
“Damn! I never knew you had tricks up your sleeve. I underestimated you!” Duane’s eyes narrowed as a
complex mix of expressions clouded his face. With how young Dustin was, Duane had never expected him to be so powerful. Considering how young he was, he never expected Dustin to be so powerful. Just one punch
had thrown him off his feet.
Although strength couldn’t completely represent his fighting skills, it was enough to prove his physical
strength.
“Thanks for the Panax root, Duane.” Dustin didn’t waste any time. He picked up the box and got up to leave.
Duane was already on his blacklist for being untrustworthy. This was the last time they would do business
together.
*Sir Anderson, do you want me to send some men after him to get it back?” asked the Cobra hesitantly.
He could tell that Duane and Dustin weren’t actually friends. If so, he had nothing to fear anymore.
“He is quite strong. I’m afraid your men won’t be able to take him on.” Duane cautiously moved his numb arm.
“Are… are you going to let him go just like that?” The Cobra was a little disgruntled. After losing face earlier, he was eager to redeem it.
“Let him go? Hmph. Not so easily!”
Duane laughed coldly. “I’ll get my hands on the Gemiphen formula. Just wait and see. I have many ways to
make him surrender to me!”
Meanwhile, outside the bar, Lyra arrived with the company’s bodyguards. When she saw that Dahlia and the others were safe and sound, she breathed a sigh of relief.
“Ms. Nicholson, is everything resolved?”
“I guess you could say that.” Dahlia nodded.
“I heard this is the Cobra’s turf and thought there might be trouble. I didn’t think it would be so easy. I’m sure Mr. Laney is to thank for this?” Lyra smiled.
1/2
CS CamScanner
Chapter 96
The suggestion caused Matt’s expression to sour immediately. This woman just had to annoy him!
“Hmm? Why is he here?” Lyra wondered as she spotted Dustin leaving the bar.
He questioned, “What are you guys still doing here? Waiting for someone to take revenge on you? I don’t have the energy to save you again.” He spoke with a calm voice, grasping the wooden box in his hand.
“Who needs saving? You’re so nosy!” Florence snapped rudely.
“Hpmh! Stop showing off. If it wasn’t for Ms. Harmon, could you have walked out of there alive?” James
mocked brashly.
“That’s enough!” Dahlia waved her hands to stop their bickering. She turned to Dustin and said, “Dustin.
thanks for saving us, but I don’t condone your behavior.”
“Oh? Do you have any advice, Ms. Nicholson?” Dustin cocked an eyebrow.
“You’re too impulsive! You don’t think before you act. Did you ever consider the consequences your actions
might bring?” Dahlia asked.
“I don’t know what consequences my actions would have caused, but I’m certain that your brother’s hands
would have been chopped off,” Dustin retorted matter–of–factly.
###Chapter 97 by Marina Vittori
“I’m just trying to remind you to think twice before you act. Just because you have support from the higher- ups doesn’t mean you can run amok.” With a solemn look, Dahlia added, “Dustin, you must realize that your worth has to be backed by ability. Currying favors with powerful people can propel you to greater heights, but it won’t last unless you can prove you’re a person of high caliber. So don’t think you’re all high and mighty-
consider this a lesson from me.”
Dustin snickered upon hearing this. “How can you be sure that I’m currying favors with the powerful?”
“Is that not the case? If it weren’t for Ms. Harmon’s reputation, would the Cobra have let you go so easily?” Dahlia didn’t hold back with her remark.
“Whatever you say. I know that, whatever I do, I’m nothing but a useless prick in your eyes,” Dustin sneered as
he shook his head.
First impressions truly were tough to change. Even with the evidence in front of their eyes, some people would simply refuse to believe it. They preferred scouring for excuses in an attempt to consolidate their prejudices.
“Oh, Dustin, don’t be disheartened. Keep your dignity and utilize your capabilities to carve out your own career and legacy instead of being a lazy bum who leeches off others,” Dahlia urged in a deep voice.
“So what if I’m a bum? Catching easy fish is also a skill. It just means I work smart,” Dustin shrugged.
“You…” Dahlia was starting to get annoyed. She had put sincere effort into trying to talk sense into him, but
her advice seemed to fall on deaf ears. Not to mention the fact that he did not appear ashamed of his behavior
at all. It was apparent that there was no saving some people from their stubbornness.
As the two went back and forth, a few patrol cars pulled up and blocked the intersection.
The doors of the patrol cars swung open, and several uniformed police officers stepped out and approached them swiftly.
“We’re looking for Dustin Rhys,” said one of the police officers.
“That’s me.” Dustin responded, “Is something wrong, officer?”
“We just received a report that you’ve stolen some valuable s. Please come with us!” shouted the officer.
“Stolen? Officer, there must be a misunderstanding.” Dustin declared, squinting his eyes.
“Alright, may I ask what’s inside this box?”
“Panax root.”
“Then that proves it! Come with us immediately for further investigation!” The officer said little more as he
handcuffed Dustin.
“Officer! What exactly is going on?” exclaimed Dahlia, as she rushed forward, the color drained from her face.
“Who are you?” asked the patrol officer.
“I’m his friend,” she replied.
CS CamScanner
Chapter 97
“Hmph, suspicious! You could be an accomplice. Take her away as well!”
In one swift movement, the officer clicked a pair of handcuffs around Dahlia’s wrists. This incident left everyone at the scene stunned.
“Officer, this has nothing to do with her. It’s all me,” said Dustin with a frown.
“He’s right, he’s right! This is all Dustin’s doing. It has nothing to do with my daughter! If you want to arrest him, then do that! My daughter has done nothing wrong. She’s innocent!” pleaded Florence.
“That’s right, officer! My sister is innocent. She’s a kind soul!” James exclaimed, panicked.
“We’ll find out if she’s innocent once the investigation is over. Take her away!” barked the police officer. With a single command from the squad leader, Dustin and Dahlia were escorted into the police cars.
““Wait!” Matt stepped out from the crowd and began, “I’m of the Laney family of Millsburg. Please cut us some
slack and let…”
“Any more nonsense, and you’ll all be coming along!” snapped the officer. His cold glare silenced Matt instantly.
There was nothing anyone could do as they watched Dahlia leave with them.
“It’s over! Goddamn good–for–nothing Dustin, getting my daughter in trouble!” cried Florence as she stomped
the ground in distress. 1
“I don’t give a damn if he digs his own grave, but to drag Dahlia with him? What a bastard!” James scowled
with resentment.
“Now’s not the time for this. Quick, we need to think of a way to save Ms. Nicholson!” said Lyra.
“You’re right! We have to find a way. I know a friend who works at the police station. I’ll give him a call at
once!”
“I know a relative who has connections with some police officers of higher ranks. I’ll find out if he can offer us
any help.”
Suddenly, the air was filled with the excited chattering of everyone in the group, gathering assistance from anyone they could think of.
###Chapter 98 by Marina Vittori
Nighttime, in the interrogation room of the police station. Dustin and Dahlia sat with their backs against each other, bound to the chairs in the middle of the room.
The air in the room was cool and damp, and darkness shrouded them completely. They could feel an invisible weight on their shoulders.
“My bad, I didn’t mean to drag you into this mess,” Dustin spoke first. “They claimed you stole some valuables. Is that true?” Dahlia asked, cutting to the chase.
“What do you think?” “You don’t look that bold to me, so my guess is someone is trying to frame you. Does this have anything to do with the Cobra?”
“The Cobra is merely a pawn. The mastermind is none other than Duane Welch.”
“Duane Welch? Are you talking about Sir Anderson?” Dahlia was dumbstruck. “Weren’t you on fairly good terms with him before? Did you strike a nerve? How?”
“I punched him,” Dustin admitted flatly.
“What?” Dahlia choked, struggling to keep her calm, “You You dared hit Sir Anderson! Are you out of your
mind?!”
Sir Anderson wasn’t just anyone–he was like a brother to Mr. Anderson. Not to mention being of the
prominent Welch family of Millsburg! He was someone even the vicious, unyielding Cobra would kneel to. Yet
Dustin dared place a hand on him, the epitome of digging one’s own grave!
“He hit me first. I only hit back in self–defense.” Dustin didn’t seem bothered in the slightest.
“Y–you act too rashly!” Dahlia fumed, “Who do you think Sir Anderson is? Do you think he’s someone you can
afford to offend? One order from him is all it takes to wipe you off the face of the earth!”
“Since I’ve already offended him, there’s nothing else we can do than go with the flow,” Dustin said with a
shrug.
“Easy for you to say, but do you think you can handle this?” Dahlia’s patience was running thin. She asserted, You better find an opening to call Natasha later. She’s the only one who can save you now!”
As the words left her tongue, she felt an acrid taste at the back of her throat. Although she wouldn’t admit it if she didn’t have to, there was no denying that there was no comparing herself to Natasha when it came to family background.
Suddenly, the metal door to the dark room creaked open, Interrupting their conversation. A man with a rotund beer belly appeared in the doorway and stepped into the room. He sat down on a chair and flicked the switch of the bright lamp on the desk.
The glare from the lamp made the two detainees squeeze their eyes shut Instinctively.
CS CamScanner
Chapter 98
“So, you’re Dustin Rhys or something.” hissed the fat man maliciously.
“Yes.” Dustin continued squinting until his eyes grew accustomed to the intense light.
I
“Do either of you know who I am?” the man asked.
“No clue.”
“Then, allow me to introduce myself. I go by Gardner, the inspector here. I am nicknamed Heinous Hades by
many!” The fat man lifted his chin with pride. 1
Dahlia’s heart dropped. Having spent a good chunk of her life mingling in this field, it was not her first time
hearing that nickname. He was a man of barbarian cruelty, always baying for the blood of his next victim. Any offenders who fell into his hands could only pray for an outcome less than horrific.
They were in grave trouble this time around!
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Gardner. We’ve heard a lot about you.”
While Dahlia anticipated the worst, Dustin seemed relatively calm and breezy.
“Great! Given that you’ve heard of my name, I assume you’re familiar with my habits. I recommend that you
learn your place and cooperate. That is your only hope of leaving here alive!”
The inspector lit a cigar, slid it between his teeth, and took a deep breath.
“Mr. Gardner, what do you need my cooperation for?” Dustin asked with a calm voice.
“The lot of you stole some valuable items, and the law can sentence you to prison. However, I am giving you
the chance to straighten out the issue with the original owner. If we reach a mutual agreement, no charges
will be pressed.”
“Mr. Gardner, you must be mistaken. I didn’t steal anything. The Panax root belongs to me,” Dustin rebutted
politely.
“Hey! Kid! Are you sure you know what’s happening?” The fat man snorted. “Does it matter whether you stole it or not? Once you step foot in my territory, I make the rules. If I say you stole it, it means you stole it. Do you
understand me?”
“Mr. Gardner, isn’t the way you’re approaching this case a little unreasonable?” Dustin’s eyebrows creased
into a frown.
“Unreasonable? Haha. My words could not be more reasonable!” snarled the fat man. A sinister smirk stretched across his face. “Now, you both have two options. One, to reach a deal with Sir Anderson. Or two,
spend the rest of your lives in jail!”
“Can I choose neither?” Dustin asked.”
“Hey! I’m trying to engage in a peaceful discussion with you. You’d better be sensible and take the option, or else you won’t have it easy if you cross me!” Hostility flashed in his eyes.
“Are you trying to threaten me?”
“What if I am?” the inspector sneered. The cigar hung from his teeth as he continued with disdain, “I know you
Chapter 98
have some punch in you, but even superpowers won’t be useful in my territory! Besides, need I remind you that your gorgeous girlfriend will be very popular if she ends up in prison! Even if you could not care less about yourself, you should keep her in mind! That is, if you can bear watching as the other prisoners ravage such a delicate beauty!”
Dustin’s expression hardened. Murderous intent seeped from his eyes. “If you dare touch her, rest assured that nothing but death will await you!”
While his aggressive remark stunned Dahlia, she couldn’t help the warmth that filled her chest.
“Haha! You can barely stand up for yourself. And to think, you’re trying to threaten me! If you have brains in that head of yours, just hand over the Panax root and call it quits. Otherwise, you can’t blame me if I throw your beloved in prison! Give it some thought. You’ll have thirty minutes to think it through. I’ll be back with hopes of an affirmative answer.”
With a grotesque grin, Gardner turned to leave, leaving nothing but a loud, resonating bang in his wake. The room plunged back into darkness.
###Chapter 99 by Marina Vittori
The night progressed slowly. Florence. James, and the others waited anxiously outside the police station.
Dahlia was the backbone of the Nicholson family. If something were to happen to her, the Nicholsons would undoubtedly fall apart. Therefore, to save themselves, they did everything they could to arrange for her release.
which meant pulling every string possible.
A policeman appeared out of nowhere.
James immediately stepped forward and asked, “Mr. Clarke, how’s it looking? Can you let my sister go?”
“James, I dug around and discovered that Gardner is the inspector in charge of this case. A mere policeman
like myself won’t be able to do much to help,” the man said with a shake of his head.
“What else can we do? Do you have any other ideas?” James lamented with panic.
“Mr. Clarke, we would be eternally grateful for whatever you can do to help us!” Florence pleaded.
“I’ll try my best, but I can’t promise anything. Plus, don’t forget the sum of money.”
“Sir, I’ve just forked out two million dollars. Take it for now, and I’ll get more if it doesn’t suffice. Please help us out. We can talk about further payment later!” James cried as he pulled out a card and handed it to the
policeman.
“Alright then, I’ll give it another shot.”
The policeman slid the card into his pocket discreetly, turned around, and walked back into the station.
“James, two million isn’t a small amount. Are you sure we can trust your friend?” Florence asked, her voice
uncertain.
“No matter what, we still have to give it a go.” James muttered through gritted teeth.
“By the way, has anyone seen Mr. Laney?” someone in the crowd quipped.
“Matt said he went to meet a friend who may be able to help get Dahlia out of this pickle,” Florence replied.
“So that’s where he’s gone. With Mr. Laney’s help, we have double the reassurance. I’m sure it’ll be alright.”
With that, the group let out a sigh of relief.
Meanwhile, in a luxurious villa, Matt was having the time of his life with a gorgeous woman in a hot tub. His body intertwined with hers as they blissfully made love to each other.
“I doubt you’re here simply to visit. You must have a favor to ask of me, am I right?” the woman smirked.
“Nothing ever gets past you, does it?” he conceded with a slight smile. He began, “I have a friend who’s being held at the police station, and I need your help bailing her out. I’m sure you know that Swinton is not my home
ground.”
“A friend? What’s the name?” she asked.
“Dahlia Nicholson.”
CS CamScanner
Chapter 99
“Oh? A woman? Is there something going on between you and her?” The beauty raised an eyebrow
suspiciously.
“Hehe… she’s just a friend. She helped me out awhile back, so I’m merely returning the favor.” Matt
maintained a nonchalant expression.
“Is that so?” Dubious, the woman pressed on. “Matt, don’t claim I’ve never reminded you that you are mine and mine only. You best believe you’ll regret being promiscuous out there. If a vixen dares to try to seduce you, I will make her life a living hell!”
“What are you even talking about, baby girl? You are the one I love most in life. How could I possibly have eyes for other women?” Matt quickly pulled her into a tight embrace.
“Since you say you love me so much, you shall attend my birthday party in two days and meet my father as “my boyfriend,” the lady said with a smile stretching from ear to ear.
“Are you introducing me to your family already?”
“Why? Are you afraid?”
“Your father is the one and only Sir Hummer. I bet you won’t be able to name me someone who isn’t afraid of the prospect of meeting him! However, it goes without saying that I would cross the highest mountains and the deepest seas for you!”
“Aw, aren’t you the sweetest! Alright then, it’s a deal!”
At the same time, at Java Joys.
Natasha was seated on the couch, reading silently, when Ruth barged in.
*Sis! Bad news! Dustin’s been arrested!” she blurted as soon as her lips parted.
“Arrested?” Natasha was taken aback. “What happened?”
“I just received news that Dustin was arrested and escorted to the police station for the theft of valuable
items!” Ruth managed between pants.
“Theft? Is that it?” Natasha’s confusion grew.
“The theft is nothing but a coverup. In reality, Dustin is being framed. However, things don’t look good given
that he’s fallen into the hands of that fat man Gardner,” Ruth continued.
A string of protests rang from Natasha’s mouth immediately.
“That fat bastard! Such audacity–how dare he touch my man? Gather your men at once and follow me to the
police station to get our people back!”
Meanwhile, in Hunter Anderson’s mansion.
“Dad! Bad news! Something major happened!”
Jeff Anderson rushed into the study with large beads of sweat covering his forehead, startling Hunter as he
practiced his brush strokes.
2/3
CS CamScanner
“You idiot! How many times have I told you that you must stay calm when facing problems instead of overreacting? Why don’t you ever heed my advice?!”
“Dad! I’m not overreacting this time. Something big really did happen!” Jeff wiped the sweat from his face.
“Pahl You better remember: no matter how big a situation, you must stay calm! That is how a real man should act!” After relaying his teachings, he finally asked, “Now tell me, what’s going on?”
“It’s about Mr. Rhys. He’s been arrested by Gardner!” Jeff exploded.
“What?”
Hunter started trembling in fear. Even the brush in his hand broke in two.
“Quick… call someone! We have to go to the police station,” he instructed his son. He roared, “That fat fuck “Gardner. If he dares touch a hair on Mr. Rhys‘ head, I’ll skin him alive!”
“Dad, shouldn’t you remain calm?” Jeff’s lips twitched with irony.
“To hell with calm!”
The news struck him like a lightning bolt, so shocking that Hunter broke into a cold sweat. “If Mr. Laney emerges unscathed, all will be well. But if something were to happen to him, everyone in Swinton would suffer. Not to mention Garnder, you, and even myself!”
“Huh! Is the situation so grave?” Jeff winced. He still had zero clue about Dustin’s true identity.
“What are you doing still lingering around? We have to get him out of there!” ordered Hunter.
After slapping his son awake, Hunter darted out the door.
Deep in his heart, he prayed, “Gardner, Gardner, you fat motherfucker better not mess around! If you do, Swinton will be soaked in blood!”
###Chapter 100 by Marina Vittori
As the chaos unfolded in the outside world, nothing but peace and calm hung in the air of the inspector’s office at the police station.
“What’s the situation, Mr. Gardner? Has the kid confessed yet?” asked the Cobra impatiently as soon as he sat down. “It doesn’t matter whether he has or not. Any prisoner who falls into my hands is sure to give in eventually.”
The fat inspector took another drag of his cigar with a smug expression. “It’s not a problem if you’re on–site, but you can’t guarantee that things won’t take a turn for the worse. I think you ought to get it out of the way while you can,” the Cobra suggested.
“Why do you say that? Are you trying to teach me how to do my job?” Gardner cast a cold glare at him.
“Of course not. I wouldn’t even dream of it. It’s just that the kid has someone backing him up. If this isn’t
resolved soon, trouble may arise,” the Cobra explained with a quick apology.
“What trouble could possibly arise? I’m just doing my job. Plus, this is my territory. Who would dare disobey
me?” he reminded the man with certainty.
“Well, that’s true, Mr. Gardner. You are Mr. Granville’s son–in–law after all–who would dare disrespect you?”
agreed the Cobra flatteringly.
“Hmph! At least you’re smart enough to know that!” the inspector guffawed.
He was perhaps prouder of having the mayor as his father–in–law than of his identity as an inspector. The title of mayor denoted the highest position of power in the whole of Swinton.
“Mr. Gardner, this is a gift from Sir Anderson. Please accept it,” said the Cobra as he held out a gift box with
both hands.
Gardner opened the box, and the shimmer of the gold accessory put a smile on his face.
“Hehe… Sir Anderson is simply too generous. Send him my thanks! Also, reassure him that I will handle this with extra care and ensure nothing goes wrong!”
“Thank you, Mr. Gardner!” The Cobra bowed in gratitude.
While the two spoke, the squad leader who had made the arrest entered the room unannounced.
“Is something the matter?” Gardner instantly slammed the gift box shut.
“Sir, the Nicholson family has just sent someone to intercede, and they’ve offered to pay a hefty amount to release Dahlia Nicholson on bail,” the officer reported.
“Pah! That woman is a wanted criminal. There’s no way she can be released on ball. Send them away!” commanded Gardner with a dismissive wave of his hand.
“Yes, sir.” The squad leader turned and left.
However, he knocked on the door again in less than a minute.
CS CamScanner
Chapter 100
“What is it this time?!” barked the inspector, clearly losing his patience.
“Sir, Ms. Harmon called in earlier, claiming that we’ve arrested the wrong person. She has asked us to release Dustin Rhys immediately.” the officer said.
“Ms. Harmon? Do you mean Natasha Harmon?” Gardner’s expression froze.
“That’s her.” The officer nodded.
“Cobra, what’s going on? You failed to mention that this kid had anything to do with Natasha!” The inspector’s eyes turned feral Natasha was a lady of superiority in all aspects; money, power, and influence. Under normal
circumstances, she was not someone he would offend for no reason.
“Mr. Gardner, he’s just a good–for–nothing Natasha dotes on. In fact, he has no proper background. With your
status, you need not pay him much attention,” the Cobra assured the inspector.
“Hmph! That better be the case!” Slightly flustered, Gardner instructed the squad leader, “Tell Natasha Harmon that we are holding no such person in our patrol room.” Since he had already given his word to Duane, there
was no going back. For now, the best course of action would be to sweep it under the carpet.
However, as soon as the squad leader left, Gardner’s phone started ringing.
“Mr. Anderson?” He was baffled by the caller ID displayed on the screen. For Mr. Anderson to call at this hour..
could it be for the kid as well? Wasn’t this too much of a coincidence?!
Brushing the thought from his mind, he decided to pick up the call, still feeling apprehensive.
“Hello, Mr. Anderson! Is there anything I can do for you?”
“Mr. Gardner! Tell me, did you arrest a young man named Dustin Rhys?” Hunter cut right to the chase without
wasting a second.
“Oh? Did I? Why is it that I’m not aware of this?” Mr. Gardner questioned. His heart skipped a beat, but he didn’t let it show. He asked, “Mr. Anderson, did something happen?”
“Gardner! Don’t you dare pull tricks on me! Heed my order and release Dustin right this instant! Or else, don’t blame me for cutting you off for good!” Hunter yelled into the phone.
“Mr. Anderson, there must have been a misunderstanding! I don’t know a Dustin at all. How about I look into it
for you?” The officer desperately put on an act.
There was no way he would spill the beans on the plan.
“Alright then, you fat bastard. You have no idea what you’re getting yourself into! Mark my words–if anything happens to Dustin, you and your whole family will go down with him!”
Hunter hung up the phone with a threatening growl:
“Did that old man get up on the wrong side of the bed today?” grumbled Gardner, his displeasure written all over his face.
“Sir, what’s wrong?” the Cobra asked cautiously.
“What’s wrong? Where did you get the guts to ask me that?” Gardner slapped a palm onto the table. “Didn’t
23
CS CamScanner
Chapter 100
you say the kid had no background? Mr. Anderson just called to speak to me about the fellow! Does that sound like someone with no background to you? Are you deliberately trying to set me up, you motherfucker?!”
Natasha Harmon was already a handful. Now that Hunter Anderson was also in the picture, this was equivalent to stripping him down and tying him to a skewer over an open fire.
“No way! There’s no way that he has relations with Mr. Anderson! I–I really didn’t know about this,” the Cobra stuttered as the color drained from his face.
“Quick, call Duane now. This situation is getting way out of hand. He’ll have to pay me more if he wants this matter settled smoothly,” Gardner ordered.
“Alright, alright. I will call Sir Anderson immediately!”
The Cobra did not hesitate as he dialed Duane’s number. Over the phone, he briefly explained Gardner’s request.
After confirming an affirmative answer, he reported, “Sir, Sir Anderson has agreed to double the price as long as you can get the job done!”
Hearing this, the tense muscles on the inspector’s face finally eased.
*Sir Anderson is truly generous! In that case, I’ll do my very best!” he declared with a smile of contentment. Well, money did do wonders, after all. A middle ground is always more easily reached with a good payout.
###Chapter 101 by Marina Vittori
Back in the interrogation room, Dustin and Dahlia sat with their backs against each other for warmth.
Such peaceful moments were rare from the moment they were married until their divorce.
No one spoke anything as they remained silent for a while.
“Dustin, do you think we will walk out of here alive?”
Finally, Dahlia broke the silence.
She couldn’t stand the damp and dark surroundings that forced her to think depressive thoughts.
Furthermore, Mr. Gardner wasn’t easy to deal with. Her heart thumped with fear at what would happen to them.
“Don’t scare yourself. We will definitely leave this place in one piece,” Dustin comforted her.
“What if we don’t? Do you have any last wishes?” Dahlia murmured glumly.
“There’s no possibility of us dying. Let’s talk after we get out,” Dustin replied.
“Not after we have offended Lord Asmon. With his connections and resources, getting rid of us would be as easy as killing a gnat.” Dahlia sighed.
Even if she pooled all her resources, it would be nothing compared to the wealth of the nobility.
“Dahlia, this doesn’t sound like you. I thought you were a person who would not give up until the last second. With your personality, you would take on any challenge that got in your way. Why are you being so pessimistic?” Dustin raised his voice.
When she heard this, Dahlia gave a chuckle. “You’re right. No one knows what will happen until the last
minute. Perhaps we should have hope that things would turn around!”
The metal door creaked open once again as she finished her sentence.
Light streamed into the room as Mr. Gardner stomped in with a few burly, intimidating–looking men.
“Kid! Your time is up; have you made your decision?” He shot Dustin a fierce look.
“Yes, I’ve decided. I will not return the items,” Dustin replied firmly.
“What?” Mr. Gardner frowned. “Kid, don’t you know who these men are? I’ll be honest, they are the worst
criminals and bandits I have in prison! They have been deprived of the touch of a woman for a long time! If you
refuse to cooperate, you will definitely regret it. These men will have their way with your girlfriend while you
shall watch her ravaged and abused in front of your very eyes!”
“If you dare to touch her, I’ll tear this whole place down!” Dustin warned with a growl.
“You piece of shit! How dare you talk back to me! Now, you have no choice but to bear the consequences!”
Mr. Gardner gestured to his men. “Guys, make sure to put on a good performance for this kid so that he knows his place! Show him a fate worse than death!”
CS CamScanner
Chapter 101
“Of course, sir! We are much obliged!” The men cackled with pleasure.
They had been locked up in prison for a long time without a woman’s touch. Now that such a beauty was in their presence, they could not hide their evil desires to ravish her body.
“Hi, gorgeous! Let’s have a good time!”
“I’ll get the girl, you can get the guy!”
The men began to strip while laughing maniacally as they stepped menacingly toward Dahlia.
“You must be looking for death!” Dustin stood up, furious.
He tore the shackles around his hands and legs with brute force, and they fell to the ground with a clang.
After that, Dustin turned around and untied Dahlia easily.
“You!” Mr. Gardner was taken aback at the sudden turn of events.
The shackles in the interrogation room were specially made to be extra tough. It was impossible for a human to tear the metal apart like butter.
How did this scrawny kid do that?
“Gardner, you have pushed my limits!” Dustin kicked the shackles aside and rushed towards him.
“Quick, stop this kid!” Mr. Gardner screamed for help. The burly men immediately surrounded Dustin, and all of
them attacked him at the same time.
“Get out of my way!” A surge of energy was released when Dustin stomped his heel on the ground.
The sheer force threw the men backward and crash into the walls of the interrogation room.
All of them were dead in an instant, bleeding from their internal wounds.
“Help, anybody! Please help!” Mr. Gardner turned pale and whirled around to escape.
###Chapter 102 by Marina Vittori
Dustin kicked the limp body of a man lying beside him.
It flew like a bullet and crashed into Mr. Gardner, who was attempting to escape.
He screamed in pain and fell to the ground, unable to run any longer.
“I’ve warned you not to touch her.” Dustin strolled up to him and hissed murderously, his eyes boring dangerously into Mr. Gardner.
“Kid, don’t forget you’re in the police station! You can’t go too far!” Mr. Gardner backed away on all fours.
“Too far? What will you do about it?” Dustin chuckled as he crushed Mr. Gardner’s arm with his foot.
The immense pain from his broken arm caused Mr. Gardner to howl in agony.
“Dustin! Stop it!” Blood drained from Dahlia’s face.
Even though they were innocent, they could be charged with excessive self–defense if they fought back against the police. It would only complicate the situation!
“Come back to your senses, kid! Confess and turn yourself in so that you still have a chance to save yourself. If not, there will be no mercy!” Mr. Gardner threatened with a grimace.
Without a word, Dustin kicked Mr. Gardner in the stomach.
Mr. Gardner spurted out the contents of his dinner last night by reflex as pee flowed out of his bladder. A
putrid stench filled the air from the mess he created.
“You–You!” Mr. Gardner’s face turned red from the violent coughing as nausea caused him to vomit bile from
his stomach.
“Dustin, have you gone crazy? If something untoward happens to Mr. Gardner, we will have to take
responsibility!” Dahlia called out frantically.
“Even if I did not fight back, he wouldn’t have let us go either. Since things have come to this, we should just
kill him,” Dustin retorted nonchalantly.
“The situation has not escalated to that level. Stop it now, and we can still fix this. If you murdered Mr. Gardner, everyone would have to pay for your mistakes!” Dahlia tried to reason with Dustin.
What if Dustin really went insane and did something stupid out of anger?
“Do
you hear that? Another violation from you, I will make sure you and your whole family pay for this!” Mr.
Gardner roared.
“Mr. Gardner, what happened?” Draco ran into the room with a group of underlings when they heard the
commotion.
However, they were all stunned at the sight of the bloody scene and Mr. Gardner, who was heavily injured.
“Kid, you must be looking for death! Let Mr. Gardner go immediately if you still want to live!” Draco warned.
CS CamScanner
Chapter 102
“Let him go? Alright, take him.” Dustin kicked Mr. Gardner and sent him flying into the air. He crashed hard on
a few of Draco’s underlings, taking down several of them simultaneously.
Dahlia was speechless at Dustin’s impudence.
She never thought he could be so reckless as to kick Mr. Gardner.
Even when he was surrounded by ruthless men on all sides, he did not even think of surrendering!
Had Dustin gone mad?
Did he not understand the consequences of crossing Mr. Gardner?
He was the police inspector, also known as Heinous Hades.
Mr. Gardner was the officer in charge of the prison and criminal interrogation. The lives of prisoners were at
his mercy.
How could Dustin be so bold?
“Mr. Gardner, are you alright?” Draco quickly helped him up.
Mr. Gardner spewed profanities in a blind rage as he ordered his men, “All of you! Kill that kid right now! I want him dead and his body chopped up into pieces!”
Never had anyone humiliated him in such a manner!
“Kill him!” Draco shouted as they took out their weapons and charged toward Dustin.
Just as the fight was about to break out, a loud voice was heard at the door.
“Stop this instant!”
###Chapter 103 by Marina Vittori
“Stop this right now!” A loud voice rang out. A group of men in suits and armed to the teeth filed into the room.
“Who are you? How dare you enter the interrogation room without permission! Are you starting a riot?” Mr. Gardner screamed in fury. At this moment, he was stewing with rage.
The only thought in his mind was to rip Dustin up into pieces, and anybody who stood in his path would be his
mortal enemy as well!
“Mr. Gardner, what an honor to see you!”
“The crowd of people parted like the Red Sea as a gorgeous, alluring woman stalked into the room in her high
heels.
“Natasha?”
When Mr. Gardner saw who it was, the expression on his face fell as the burning rage in his eyes died down.
“You’re lucky, Dustin. Your girlfriend is here to save you.”
Dahlia said sarcastically when she saw Natasha arrive. She felt a little frustrated. Although she was relieved
at the thought of being rescued, she felt a twinge of annoyance at receiving Natasha’s help.
As she was Dustin’s ex–wife, she didn’t want to feel obligated to another woman.
Unfortunately, Natasha was the only one who could save Dustin right now.
“Ms. Harmon, why are you here at the police station this late at night with your men? What’s the meaning of
this?” Mr. Gardner stepped forward to block their way.
“Hmph! Are you seriously questioning me? You were the one who brought people in without a fair trial. Is this how the police investigate crimes?” Natasha scoffed.
“I have no idea what you are talking about.” Mr. Gardner said sheepishly.
“You don’t understand? Alright then, I’ll be straightforward. I’m here to request the release of my man. Let Dustin go immediately before I make you regret it!” Natasha demanded.
“Let him go? This man is a wanted criminal with definitive evidence. Are you going to make me release him? Aren’t you going above the law?” Mr. Gardner declared righteously.
Just now, Dustin had beat him up into a pulp. There was no way he could live this down.
Offending Natasha was a small price to pay for him to get his revenge on Dustin!
“How dare you talk about the law to me! Aren’t you aware of how contradictory your words are? It is as easy as pie for me to reveal all your dirty underhanded tricks. Let him go immediately if you want to keep things
swept under the rug!” Natasha threatened.
“Natasha, don’t push my buttons!” Mr. Gardner warned, his expression darkened.
1/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 103
“I know that the Harmon family is influential, however, I have my rights! This is my territory and that guy is a criminal. Moreover, he is under my jurisdiction. You have no right to Interfere in what I do with him!”
“If Ms. Harmon doesn’t have the right, how about me Instead?” Hunter walked into the interrogation room with
his men in tow.
His noble aura caused the men to move away from him involuntarily.
“What? This kid knows Mr. Anderson?” Draco turned pale with shock. He didn’t believe it when Mr. Gardner
told him about this. Now that he had witnessed the situation with his own eyes, only then did he realize the gravity of the situation.
“Wow, even Mr. Anderson is here. Natasha must have asked for his help to save you. Seems like she really can’t live without you, huh?” Sarcasm dripped from Dahlia’s voice as she spoke.
“Mr. Anderson, why are you here as well?” Mr. Gardner frowned.
Natasha alone was tough enough to handle. If Hunter joined in the fray, things might get out of hand.
“If I didn’t show up, would you listen to reason?” Hunter retorted angrily.
“Mr. Anderson, I informed you in the call last time. Give me some time so I can look into it. If there’s a mistake.
I will let him go immediately.” Mr. Gardner tried to wriggle his way out.
“I have no time to waste yapping with you. Let Dustin go this instant!” Hunter ordered impatiently.
The corrupted ways of the police inspector were well known.
If they had waited for the investigation to end, Dustin would have been dead and gone.
“As an inspector, my duty is to capture wanted criminals and protect the peace of the city. I don’t think there’s anything wrong with my actions,” Mr. Gardner defended himself.
“Mr. Gardner, I’m giving you one last chance. I’m warning you; let him go immediately. If not, you shall die an
unseemly death!” Hunter wasn’t taking it.
“Mr. Anderson, are you threatening me? Don’t you know the consequences of going against the police?” Mr.
Gardner narrowed his eyes.
“I don’t care what the consequences are. If you won’t let Dustin go, I will tear down this building!” Hunter
retorted.
Mr. Gardner’s face twisted with rage.
He never expected Natasha and Hunter to be so obstinate.
Why would they go to such lengths for a nobody like Dustin?
Didn’t they know that Mr. Granville was his father–in–law?
What’s wrong with the two of them? They wouldn’t even budge an inchi
“Mr. Anderson, don’t blame me for not warning you. It is an offense that you have barged into the Interrogation room without permission. If Mr. Granville wants to find fault. It would be a nightmare for you to handle!” Mr.
2/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 103
Gardner quickly name–dropped his father–in–law.
“What the hell!”
Hunter lost his patience and swung a heavy blow to Mr. Gardner’s face. “I asked you to release him immediately. What’s with all the excuses?”
“You–How dare you slap me?”
Mr. Gardner held his burning cheek in disbelief.
He was Mr. Granville’s son–in–law and a police inspector.
On account of Mr. Granville, they should know better than to provoke him! Were they going to rebel against Mr.
Granville?
“What’s wrong with slapping you? Another word from you, and I’m going to put a bullet through your skull!”
Hunter drew his pistol and placed the barrel on Mr. Gardner’s forehead.
“Wh–What are you trying to do? Stop messing around!” Cold sweat ran down Mr. Gardner’s forehead.
He never expected Hunter to pull out his gun in the police station, nonetheless. Had he gone crazy as well?
Wasn’t this blatant disrespect toward the law?
“What the hell, when did Mr. Anderson become so rash?” Natasha thought when she saw the gun.
She knew Hunter as a calm, collected man. He was always good–natured and composed in any situation.
What was wrong with him today?
He lost his temper, slapped, and threatened a man at gunpoint.
If it were his son who was kidnapped, Hunter might not even have overreacted in this manner.
“I’m going to count to five. You will bear the consequences if you still refuse to release Dustin!” Hunter warned, his face nonchalant.
“Mr. Anderson! I’m Mr. Granville’s son–in–law! Are you going to defy him?” Mr. Gardner screamed in shock.
“Five, four.” Hunter started counting.
“Hunter! What’s wrong with you? If you dare to touch a hair on my head, Mr. Granville will never forgive you!”
Mr. Gardner’s legs were shaking like a leaf
“Three, two, one!”
###Chapter 104 by Marina Vittori
Hunter pulled the trigger immediately after his countdown. With a loud bang, a bullet went through Mr. Gardner’s ear.
He let out a bone–chilling cry and hold on to his bleeding ear, staggering backward. “Are you crazy? How dare you shoot me!” Mr. Gardner shouted hysterically.
He thought Hunter was just all talk. Who knew that Hunter would really pull the trigger?
“The next time, I won’t miss my aim.” Hunter cocked the gun and aimed it toward Mr. Gardner’s face..
“I’ll ask again. Will you release Dustin, or will I?”
Mr. Gardner shivered in fright. At this rate, it was highly possible that Hunter would go crazy and murder him
in cold blood.
As Mr. Gardner was stuck in a dilemma, a ruckus was heard at the door of the interrogation room again.
An elderly man with snowy white hair rushed in with his men.
“Mr. Granville?”
At his arrival, the whole interrogation room went silent.
The elderly man standing before them was the mayor of Swinton, the highest–ranking official in the city. He
was truly the most powerful man in Swinton!
“Finally, Mr. Granville is here! Rhys, you’re dead meat! What’s the use of getting Ms. Harmon’s and Mr. Anderson’s help? As long as Mr. Granville is on our side, no one will be able to save you today!”
With the appearance of Mr. Granville, the expression on Draco’s face changed from fear to arrogance. He laughed mockingly, knowing that Mr. Granville was here to back them up.
He was their savior!
When Natasha and Hunter came to save Dustin, Draco thought that they were doomed.
Fortunately, Mr. Granville arrived just in time, which gave him peace of mind.
“Mr. Anderson! You slapped and shot me in the ear for that punk’s sake! You have gone too far! Now that my father–in–law is here, let’s see how you will explain this to him!” Mr. Gardner snickered with a resentful expression on his face.
Weren’t they so brazen a minute ago? He couldn’t wait to see how impudent they would be now that the mayor of Swinton was here!
“What a coincidence; his timing was perfect. Mr. Granville knows how to make an entrance!” Natasha frowned slightly.
Mr. Granville’s position as mayor was not to be trifled with.
CS CamScanner
Chapter 104
Even with Natasha and Hunter’s influence, Mr. Granville’s decision would be final.
More importantly, Mr. Granville and Mr. Gardner are related by marriage.
Were they going to open a can of worms?
“Mr. Granville, your son–in–law is guilty of distorting the truth, taking bribes, and accusing the innocent. You
must properly explain the situation to us today!”
Defying everyone’s expectations, Hunter did not back down. He raised his voice and demanded an explanation
from Mr. Granville.
Even if Hunter was the president of the Chamber of Commerce, he was still under the jurisdiction of Mr.
Granville.
His actions were no less than rebellion against his superiors! 1
“You’re lying! I’ve always been righteous and impartial in my duties!”
Regaining his composure, Mr. Gardner rushed towards Mr. Granville and started accusing them. “Father, they
were the ones who broke into the interrogation room without permission. Furthermore, Mr. Anderson shot me in the ear! Look at this; my ear is in a mess! Father, you have to bring them to justice!”
He revealed his wounded ear to Mr. Granville. It was a shocking sight to behold as the wound was still bleeding profusely.
“Right! There’s that kid!”
Ignoring Mr. Granville’s dark expression, Mr. Gardner pointed toward Dustin. “He’s the main cause of all this.
Father, you must teach him a lesson. He even hit me in the stomach just now!”
“Shut up!” Mr. Granville roared in anger and slapped Mr. Gardner’s cheek.
The force of his slap was so strong that Mr. Gardner was thrown a few feet away, stars circling above his head.
“What?”
Everyone was dumbstruck at the sudden bombshell.
Who would have expected Mr. Granville to reprimand Mr. Gardner instead of backing him up?
What’s going on?
Natasha’s jaw dropped. Dahlia was equally as shocked.
Draco and his men couldn’t believe their eyes. They were all stunned at the astonishing turn of events.
“Father? Why did you hit me?” Mr. Gardner asked, bewildered, as he rubbed his burning cheek.
He had never seen his father–in–law so furious.
Mr. Gardner was confused as to what he had done wrong.
“Bastard! You lock up the innocent and let the guilty walk free. How dare you try to defend yourself? I’m going to teach you a lesson!” Mr. Granville declared righteously.
Chapter 104
“Father, what’s wrong with you? I’m your son–in–law, aren’t I?” Mr. Gardner was close to tears.
Wasn’t Mr. Granville here to save him? Why was he getting beaten up instead?
“Don’t call me your father–in–law! I don’t have a despicable son–in–law like you!” Mr. Granville scoffed and continued, “You accepted bribes and corrupted the law. In addition, you took liberties with your authority as a police inspector. As of now, you are fired from your position!”
“What?”
When Mr. Granville announced this, Mr. Gardner shuddered in fear. His body was drenched in a cold sweat.
Although he didn’t know what caused the rift, Mr. Gardner knew that his father–in–law had decided to cut all
ties with him.
Furthermore, Mr. Granville was going to investigate and expose his past deeds!
They had a good relationship before this. What could have happened for Mr. Granville to change so abruptly?
Without any hesitation, Mr. Granville gave his last orders to the men standing behind him, “Come and arrest Mr. Gardner immediately! Once the investigation into his crimes is complete, throw him in jail!”
Mr. Gardner fell on his knees in dismay, his face ashen with despair.
The only reason his father–in–law would be so harsh on him must be due to pressure from a superior who had
intervened.
That was why Mr. Granville had no choice but to toe the line as well
How could this happen?
He had only detained Dustin, a punk with no background. How could this disaster have befallen him?
Could it be? Could it be that the Rhys kid had some powerful people backing him up?
That must be it!
At this thought, Mr. Gardner was filled with regret that he had gone up against Dustin.
Never in his dreams would he have imagined that a young punk had such formidable support. Even his father- in–law had to kowtow to him!
All of it was Duane’s fault!
He was doomed because of Duane!
###Chapter 105 by Marina Vittori
“We are finished!” When Draco saw that Mr. Gardner had been apprehended, his face paled in shock.
From Mr. Granville’s appearance until the arrest of Mr. Gardner, Draco couldn’t make sense of what was going on as everything had happened in a flash.
The only thing he could be sure of was that Mr. Granville did not let his son–in–law off the hook. This meant that he was going to be in trouble as well.
Draco thought that Mr. Granville was their savior. Who knew that he was here to bring them to justice?
This world could be so unpredictable!
Draco turned back and glanced at Dustin, who had remained silent all this while. He had an expression of indifference on his face, as if he had known this would happen all along.
Who was this man, and why was Mr. Granville treating him with such respect?
Why would Lord Asmon have a grudge against such a monster?
“Arrest all the other men as well!” Mr. Granville barked an order. Draco and Mr. Gardner’s men were all apprehended.
Mr. Gardner and Draco stared at each other in despair.
It was obvious that they would have to pay for their crimes.
“What–What’s happening?” Natasha couldn’t wrap her head around the plot twist.
She expected trouble when Mr. Granville appeared.
Unexpectedly Mr. Granville did not find fault with them. Furthermore, he fired Mr. Gardner and threw him into prison.
Who could have expected Mr. Granville to do such a thing to his own son–in–law?
“Am I dreaming? Is Mr. Granville on our side?”
Dahlia’s eyes were wide with shock. She was also taken aback at Mr. Granville’s actions.
When she knew of his relationship to Mr. Gardner, she was already prepared for the worst.
At one point, Dahlia even thought that Dustin and her were doomed.
However, the outcome was beyond belief.
Could Mr. Granville truly be a righteous and upright official?
“Are you Dustin? I can tell that you are a capable young man.”
After he had tied up the loose ends, Mr. Granville walked up to Dustin with a rare smile on his stern face.
CS CamScanner
Chapter 105
“Greetings, Mr. Granville.” Dustin nodded politely.
“I’m very sorry for the inconvenience. Because of my incompetence, you had to go through such trouble. I humbly request for your understanding and forgiveness.” Mr. Granville apologized.
“It is said that there will be rotten apples in every bunch. I find it very admirable for you to even bring your son- in–law to justice.” Dustin smiled.
“Thank you for your consideration, young man. Now, I can finally stop worrying.” Mr. Granville secretly
breathed a sigh of relief.
No one knew that he received a call from the Governor of Millsburg not long ago.
The only message given was to protect Dustin Rhys at any cost!
Dustin’s background and influence must be unimaginable if the governor personally made a call to ensure his
safety.
In a city like Swinton, a person with such connections was untouchable!
Mr. Granville and his men left in a hurry after greeting Dustin.
“Mr. Rhys, Ms. Nicholson. Are the both of you alright?” Hunter asked anxiously after everyone left.
“We’re fine. Thanks for your help, Mr. Anderson.” Dahlia nodded her thanks.
“It’s nothing. Don’t worry about it.” Hunter nodded in return.
“Dustin, it seems you’re having a good time!” Natasha came over, her heels clacking on the ground.
She stared at Dustin with resentment, as if he had cheated on her.
“What do you mean?” Dustin said, puzzled.
“Am I mistaken?” Natasha crossed her arms and countered sarcastically. “When I heard that you were locked up, I was so worried that I went everywhere looking for help to get you released. On the other hand, you are
here chatting with another woman. Why wouldn’t you be having a good time?”
“Don’t misread the situation. She was arrested because of me,” Dustin replied awkwardly.
“Is that true?” Natasha wasn’t convinced.
“If that was the case, why are your hands clasped together so tightly?”
“What?” Dustin and Dahlia looked down simultaneously.
They hadn’t realized that their fingers were intertwined.
Startled, they let go of each other immediately.
“I never thought a simple man like you would be a playboy. I’m so disappointed in you, Dustin! My devotion is
wasted on you!” Natasha gave an exasperated sigh, turned around and left.
“Ms. Harmon!” Dustin took a few steps toward Natasha before giving Dahlia a glance, as if he had something
to say to her.
2/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 105
“Why are you looking at me? Go after her. It’s none of my business!” Dahlia faked a nonchalant tone and
avoided his gaze.
“Alright. Use a cab to get home.” With that, Dustin ran after Natasha.
Did Dustin really chase after Natasha?
Dahlia gritted her teeth in annoyance.
Did he not know that it was just a test to see whether he would prioritize her or Natasha?
What a dolt!
She was being sulky to get his attention, that’s why she asked him to chase after Natasha. If she asked him to
jump off a building, would he just obey like an idiot?
The thought of Dustin spending time with Natasha irked her immensely.
“Ms. Harmon, please listen to my explanation!”
Dustin caught up to Natasha at the entrance. “Due to the dangerous circumstances, I had to protect Dahlia. I’m not thinking of getting back together with her.”
“Is that true?” Natasha stared at him suspiciously.
“Of course! Why would I lie to you?” Dustin replied with a serious expression.
“Alright then, since you rushed out to explain to me, I’ll forgive you on account of your sincerity!” Natasha suddenly grinned from ear to ear..
The disappointment and resentment on her face disappeared in a flash.
Dustin was stunned at how quick a woman’s mood could change. Their emotions were as unpredictable as
the weather.
He couldn’t help but suspect Natasha had just pulled a fast one on him.
“Dahlia, you’re still a notch below me!” Natasha thought as she gave Dahlia a smug glance.
From Dustin’s actions, it was obvious that he was more concerned about her than Dahlia.
“Let’s go, I’ll send you home,” Natasha said with a bright smile.
“Not right now. I have to meet someone.” Dustin shook his head.
“Meet someone? Who?”
###Chapter 106 by Marina Vittori
At this moment, in a beautiful villa. Duane was talking to a young man dressed in luxurious clothes. Behind that man, two female bodyguards stood at attention.
They were armed with swords and emitted an unapproachable aura. “Duane, what’s this gemiphen that you are talking about? Is it really that powerful?” Oliver Williams took a sip of his coffee.
“Mr. Williams, I can assure you of its effects. I have personally tried the pill myself!” Duane boasted
“confidently. “A gemiphen pill saved my life when I was close to death from internal injuries. I’m not
exaggerating when I say this medicine could heal almost anything!”
“Talk is cheap. Where’s the pill? Let me have a look.” Oliver stretched out his palm.
“Due to the rarity of gemiphen, I do not have one with me right now.”
“Are you joking? You called me here in the dead of the night for a deal. How could you not be prepared with
the goods?” Oliver’s eyes glinted coldly.
“Mr. Williams, please calm down. I would never dare to offend you. One of my men is on the way to obtain the
prescription. I’m sure he will be here soon.” Duane tried to appease him.
“For your sake, I hope he does. Don’t you know the consequences of toying with a member of the Boulderthorn
guild?” Oliver rapped impatiently on the table.
“Of course, Mr. Williams. Once I receive the prescription, I will start production immediately and present the
first batch of gemiphen to you,” Duane answered.
“That’s more like it.” Oliver nodded with satisfaction. “On my end, I will say a few good words about you to my father. Who knows? He might extend his support to you if he is in a good mood!”
“Thank you so much, Mr. Williams! I will not let you down!” Duane’s face broke into smiles.
According to his research, not only could gemiphen heal severe internal injuries, but it could also accelerate
the effects of training in martial artists.
If the pill was properly marketed, martial artists all over the world would be interested in getting this pill for
themselves!
That was why Duane contacted Boulderthorn guild in the first place.
As one of the top guilds in the South, Boulderthorn’s influence was spread far and wide.
Their guild members were in the hundreds of thousands, having top positions in politics, the military, and the business world.
If he was able to get an exclusive contract to supply gemiphen to the Boulderthorn guild, his wealth would be multiplied numerous folds.
CS CamScanner
Chapter 106
Being the top dog in Millsburg wouldn’t be a farfetched dream.
“Duane, don’t get ahead of yourself. If you want my father’s support, first, you would have to supply us with gemiphen continuously. Secondly, loyalty is paramount. Do you understand?” Oliver said sternly.
“I will remember your advice, Mr. Williams!” Duane nodded.
While talking, they were interrupted by a commotion from the gardens. The noise sounded like a cacophony of curses and cries of pain.
“What’s going on?” Duane frowned.
At this moment, a bodyguard rushed into the room, his face pale as a sheet.
“Boss, someone trespassed into your villa!”
“What?” Duane’s expression darkened. “Who’s the punk who dared to trespass on my property?”
“It’s too dark to identify the intruder. However, it is confirmed that he came alone,” the bodyguard mumbled.
“Geez! What’s wrong with the lot of you? Can’t you handle even one person?” Duane roared in anger.
“Boss, that person was too powerful! Our men could not hold him down!” the bodyguard cried out helplessly.
The man had infiltrated the villa as inconspicuously as a shadow. His movements were agile and his attacks
ruthless.
No number of bodyguards could stand up against him.
With a flick of his finger, they were all blown away like leaves in the wind!
“According to your description, he must be a martial artist?” Duane scratched his chin in confusion.
“There are many martial artists in Swinton, however, few are on my level. Besides, they have started guilds of their own and rarely appear except for important occasions. They wouldn’t trespass on my property without
reason.”
“Boss, now is not the time to contemplate these things. For your safety, it is better for you to flee!” the
bodyguard advised Duane.
“Flee?” Duane scoffed. “How can I ever show my face in public if any simpleton could chase me away from my
own villa?”
“But–But that man is too powerful! What if” the bodyguard trailed off.
“That’s enough. I am curious to see the man’s abilities for myself!” Duane was not intimidated at all.
He had been well–trained in martial arts since childhood. How could he back down from a challenge?
“Duane, it seems you have met with some trouble. Do you need my help?” Oliver asked knowingly.
“It’s just a small inconvenience, Mr. Williams. Don’t trouble yourself.” Duane chuckled. “Please wait for a
moment, I’ll be back shortly after I settle this matter.”
He stood up with a slight bow and left the room.
2/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 106
Since someone came with a direct challenge, he had to accept it.
Otherwise, it would be an insult to his training all these years.
Outside, a silhouette dressed in white could be seen in the garden.
It was Dustin, walking up the driveway to the villa.
Numerous armed bodyguards surrounded him, trying to land an attack.
However, it was pointless. They were like moths flying into a flame.
With every step Dustin took, the swirling energy around him blew the guards away if they got close enough.
Howls and cries of pain rang out as he walked past the sea of bodyguards nonchalantly.
“If they were lucky, they only sustained broken arms and limbs. The unlucky ones died instantly on impact.
None were strong enough to withstand his aura.
In the end, Duane’s men could only look on from a distance.
They did not have the courage to even go up to him. They could only stare at him with the eyes of looking upon a monster.
Being fully trained bodyguards, they assumed that this would be a walk in the park.
Who would have expected them to be completely defeated by a punk?
Dustin made his way up to the villa’s main doors, leaving a trail of dead bodies in his wake.
Taking a deep breath, he roared, “Duane, come out and meet your maker!”
###Chapter 107 by Marina Vittori
“Duane, come out and meet your maker!”
Dustin’s roar of anger echoed through the villa like a clap of thunder.
When Duane heard this contemptuous challenge, he was furious.
“Which idiot is dumb enough to cause trouble on my property?” Duane thought as he rushed out in a hurry.
However, when he saw Dustin in a distance, he couldn’t help but be taken aback.
“It’s you, Dustin! Weren’t you arrested? How did you escape?”
He had bribed Mr. Gardner to arrest Dustin and detain him in the Interrogation room.
Even if Natasha were to intervene, she couldn’t have helped him escape.
“Was it you who framed me for the crime?” Dustin demanded coldly.
“Since you are already here, it means that you know the answer to your question. You’re right, I am the one
who framed you! However, you only have yourself to blame. I had to go to such lengths because you did not
appreciate the chances that I have given you.” Duane smirked.
“At the very least, you confessed to your crime. Now, I’ll give you a chance to redeem yourself. If you cripple
yourself voluntarily and leave Swinton for good, I will not exact my vengeance against you.” Dustin sald
indifferently.
“Cripple myself? Leave Swinton?”
Duane was initially stunned when he heard this. After a moment, he roared with laughter.
“Punk, have you gone crazy? Who do you think you are? If it weren’t for Natasha, do you think you could stand there and threaten me with your words?”
Duane assumed that somehow, Natasha must have found a way to sa
save Dustin.
“If that’s the case, you’re not going to comply?” Dustin’s expression grew stern.
*Kid, it seems like you don’t understand the situation. You were the one who trespassed into my property. If I killed you here right now, no one would say anything! Of course, I’m not one to hold grudges. As long as you give me the prescription for the gemiphen, I’ll consider letting you go.” Duane narrowed his eyes meaningfully.
“It’s you who are unaware of your precarious state.” Dustin shook his head and gave Duane a pitiful look.
“I know you have great strength, punk. However, brute strength is not everything!” Duane smriked and drew his sword. “I wasn’t fully prepared during our last duel. The reason I lost that time was that my forte is in sword fighting and not bare–handed martial arts!”
“Well then, come at me with all you’ve got!” Dustin gestured for Duane to make the first move.
“Arrogant prick! Let’s see if you can withstand my attack after training for 20 years!”
With that, Duane struck a pose.
1/2
CS CamScanner
Chapter 107
Extending his arm, he aimed his glittering sword at Dustin’s chest as he flew towards him at the speed of light.
However, Dustin did not dodge.
Without a word, he intercepted the attack by gripping the blade with merely two fingers.
Vibrations from the rebounding force caused the blade to bend in on itself.
“What?” Duane was utterly shocked at the sight.
Never in his dreams could he imagine that a full–blown attack could be stopped with bare hands!
Furthermore, Dustin only used two fingers!
What could be happening?
Before Duane could regain his composure, Dustin flicked his fingers.
The bent sword broke into a thousand pieces.
Duane was thrown back from the impact, and he staggered backward, his face stricken with fear.
His prowess in sword fighting seemed like child’s play as compared to Dustin’s abilities.
With just a single move, Duane was completely defeated!
“Wh–Who are you? How could you have such immense powers?”
###Chapter 108 by Marina Vittori
Duane exclaimed in terror, cold sweat pouring down his back.
As a martial artist, Duane was well–known for his agile and deadly attacks.
At his peak performance, the massive energy from his sword could move mountains!
How was Dustin able to intercept his attack?
What kind of monster could shatter swords with his bare hands?
Dustin could not be human!
“Don’t you already know who I am?” Dustin closed the distance menacingly and glared at him with icy–cold
eyes.
“Stay–Stay away!” Duane backed away in a panic. “I don’t need the gemiphen’s prescription any longer.
Please let me go!”
“I have given you a chance to redeem yourself, but you didn’t take it. It’s too late to regret now!”
Dustin clapped his hands on Duane’s shoulders and squeezed tightly.
With a loud crack, Duane’s arms were dislocated from their joints.
An agonizing howl escaped Duane’s lips as intense pain spread throughout his body.
Without hesitation, Dustin added a punch to his abdomen.
The force of Dustin’s attack was concentrated on his organs, which caused Duane to bleed profusely from his
internal injuries.
He fell to the ground in a heap, unable to move.
“You–You made me a cripple!” Duane gritted his teeth, his eyes were red with fury.
“On account of Mr. Anderson, I will not kill you. However, you must pay for your crimes!”
Dustin grabbed Duane by the collar and threw him carelessly into the air.
His limp body flew backward and smashed into the main doors of his villa.
At this moment, Hunter walked in with his men. He had a stern look on his face.
“Hunter! Save me, quick!”
When Duane saw who it was, he clung onto Hunter like a lifeline.
“Save you? You ought to be thankful that your life Is spared!” Hunter scoffed. “Don’t be too happy though. You
will be locked up in Azkaban for the rest of your life to pay for your crimes!”
“Azkaban?” Duane was visibly shaken. “What nonsense are you spouting? I am a direct descendant of the
Welch family, one of the most important families in Swinton. Even your position pales in comparison to my status. How dare you threaten to throw me into Azkaban?”
CS CamScanner
Chapter 108
Azkaban was a prison for criminals on death row.
Once admitted, it was impossible for anyone to get out.
The prisoners locked up there were as good as dead.
“This was decided by the Welch family’s patriarch. Your father had agreed to it as well.” Hunter replied calmly.
“No! You are lying to me! Why would my father turn against me?” Duane shook his head violently.
“That’s because you have offended Mr. Rhys. The only way to protect the Welch family was to sacrifice you,”
Hunter said bluntly.
“Mr. Rhys? Do you mean Dustin?” Duane’s eyes widened. “How could it be possible? Why would the Welch
family be afraid of a young punk like him? What is his identity?”
“Dustin Rhys is just an alias. Ten years ago, he went by the name of Logan.”
“What?”
“Logan, Rhys.”
“Logan Rhys?” When Duane heard Dustin’s real name, the blood drained from his face.
No wonder the Welch family was shaken to the core.
Logan Rhys, also known as the kirin, was a legendary martial artist.
His skills were in a league of their own, unsurpassable to this day.
The mere mention of his name struck fear into all of Stonia!
How could he have provoked such a formidable person by mistake?
###Chapter 109 by Marina Vittori
After Dustin’s Identity was revealed, Duane gave up resistance.
His eyes were lifeless as if his soul had left his body.
Duane knew that he was a goner.
No one would save him, nor did they dare to.
“Take him away!” Hunter ordered his men to bind Duane up.
Despite knowing the truth, Duane could never leave Azkaban.
There was only one way to leave.
That is, being carried out for cremation after death.
“Stop right there! What are you doing? Leave that man alone!”
At that moment, Oliver appeared with his two female bodyguards and approached them aggressively.
Initially, he hadn’t planned on getting involved.
However, Duane was such an incompetent Idiot! How could he lose the fight?
Oliver was forced to intervene before that knucklehead got himself locked up.
At any rate, Duane was still of some use to him.
He had to ensure Duane’s safety before he got his hands on the precious gemiphen.
“You have nothing to do with this. Don’t poke your nose where it doesn’t belong.” Hunter warned in a cold tone.
“Too bad, I insist. What are you going to do about it?” Oliver stuck his hands in his pockets and walked up to
Dustin with a swagger.
“Are you one of Duane’s men?” Dustin asked nonchalantly.
“Duane? With his ability, he could only be my underling! However, I have a business deal with him. Without my permission, no one can take him away. While I am still being nice, release him immediately!” Oliver retorted
proudly with his nose in the air.
“What if I refuse?” Dustin asked.
“You refuse? Punk, don’t you know who I am? Don’t you know who my father is? How dare you talk back to
me? Are you looking for death?” Oliver glared at him contemptuously.
“I couldn’t care less about who you are, or who your father is. It’s best for you to stay out of this and let us
deal with Duane,” Dustin replied nonchalantly.
“Have you gone crazy? Emma, Anna! Break this punk’s legs. Let’s see if he could continue speaking in such a condescending tone while kneeling on the ground!” Oliver smirked.
“Yes, sir!” The two female bodyguards behind him rushed toward Dustin simultaneously.
1/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 109
Flanking him on both sides, they poised to strike Dustin’s knees with the intention of incapacitating him.
There was no hesitation in carrying out Oliver’s orders.
With that, Dustin did not hold back. He made the first move and slapped both of them on the cheek.
They staggered backward, stunned by the force of the heavy blow.
“You!” Cradling their swollen cheeks, they tried to draw their swords in retaliation.
Before they could do that, Dustin kicked them in the stomach and slapped them on the other cheek as well.
The two bodyguards teetered as stars circled above their heads.
“Punk, you need to be taught a lesson! How dare you engage in a sneak attack?” Oliver was burning with
anger.
He rushed forward to land a punch on Dustin’s face.
It was obvious that he was a martial artist. His fists were fast, sure, and accurate.
However, Dustin wasn’t impressed. He caught Oliver’s fist and twisted it.
Oliver’s arm was displaced from its joint as he screamed in misery.
Before Oliver could catch his breath, Dustin followed up with a punch to his abdomen.
Oliver was thrown back a few feet away and landed heavily on his back.
The impact caused Oliver to throw up, and he vomited all over himself.
“Sir!” When they saw Oliver injured, the female bodyguards anxiously ran up to defend him.
“Kill him! I order you to kill him right now!” Oliver held his stomach and roared with a ferocious expression on
his face.
“There is no mercy for those who hurt our boss!” The female bodyguards drew their swords and prepared to
light.
“Nobody moves!” Suddenly, Hunter shouted and pulled out his gun.
The bodyguards were startled by Hunter’s threat and froze in place. They did not dare to move a muscle.
“Bastard! Don’t you know who I am? How dare you point a gun at me?” Oliver stood up; his face livid.
“I’m Oliver Williams, a member of the Boulderthorn guild. Moreover, my father is the second–in–command!”
“Boulderthorn guild?”
When Oliver revealed his identity, Hunter’s expression grew serious.
As the best guild in the South, Boulderthorn has significant influence in Swinton.
Even Edwin, the wealthiest man in Swinton, was only a normal member of the Boulderthorn guild.
This showed how strong and powerful the guild was!
2/3
CS CamScanner
“What, are you scared?” Oliver cackled mockingly as everyone remained silent.
“Now that you know who you are up against, kneel down and beg for forgiveness Immediately. Otherwise, I will slaughter you and your entire family!”
What was the use of having guns or being a good fighter?
These were all pointless as compared to the support of the Boulderthorn gulld.
With a single word, he could destroy them all like ants.
This was the power of influence and authority!
“Boulderthorn, is it?” Dustin was still unfazed after hearing Oliver’s threat.
“What if I kill all three of you right now? Then no one would know what had happened here.”
“Kill me? How dare you!” Oliver widened his eyes. “If you touch even a strand of hair on my head, I assure you that your body would be blown up into pieces.”
“Since you threatened my family, what’s there to be afraid of? An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth.” Dustin shrugged nonchalantly.
Dustin’s words made Oliver step back in fear, as he was unprepared for a fight.
It would be troublesome if Dustin decided to follow through with what he said.
“I’m going to remember this, punk! I’m not done with you!” Seeing as the situation was unfavorable, Oliver and his bodyguards left in a hurry with their tails between their legs.
A wise man knew better than to fight when the odds were against him.
With his noble status, it wasn’t worth it to put his life on the line.
“Mr. Anderson, what do you know about Boulderthorn?” Dustin asked as his gaze trailed after them.
“Boulderthorn guild has been expanding rapidly. With their reputation in the world of martial arts, they were set to be the best guild in the South. Their members are widespread in every possible field, which allows the guild to spread its influence far and wide. In addition, I heard that Boulderthorn is planning to open a branch in
Swinton. That man’s father, Mr. Williams was sent here as a representative for the new branch,” Hunter
reported in a low voice.
Dustin nodded in acknowledgment and turned around to leave.
That person must have had something to do with the Boulderthorn guild, right?
###Chapter 110 by Marina Vittori
At the Nicholson villa. Everyone was amazed to see Dahlia return home safely. “Dahlia, you are finally home! I was so worried about you!”
“Sis! Are you alright? Have you been bullied in the interrogation room?”
Florence and James fawned over her eagerly. Since they received news of Dahlia being detained by Mr. Gardner, they had been extremely worried for her safety.
They’ve used up all their connections and spent a ton of money trying to get Dahlia out. However, there was no reply. They were at a loss for what to do.
Just when they had given up, Dahlia unexpectedly returned home on her own.
“Mother, I’m fine. Sorry for making you worry.” Dahlia smiled.
She was a little spooked by everything that had happened today.
Fortunately, she managed to return home safe and sound.
“It’s all Dustin’s fault. If it weren’t for him, you wouldn’t have been captured as well!” Florence muttered angrily.
“Mother’s right! That shameless man is always doing sneaky things! Sis, you should stay away from him to avoid getting caught up in his crimes!” James chimed in.
“Actually, this incident has nothing to do with him. He was framed by someone else.” Dahlia tried to defend
Dustin.
“How is it possible? If he is truly innocent, why was he arrested?”
“Yeah, why would they frame him instead of anyone else? This could only mean that he has bad character!”
Florence and James complained one after another with disdain.
Dahlia could only sigh in resignation.
“If it were up to me, I would choose Matt. When he heard that you were detained, he went around looking for
help to bail you out. A gentleman like him is rare nowadays!” Florence changed the topic.
“That’s right! Sis, if it weren’t for Matt’s help, you might still be stuck in jail!” James agreed enthusiastically.
“Matt? Are you sure that it was his doing?” Dahlia said, surprised.
“Who else could it be? He and the Hummer family go way back. He must have asked for Sir Hummer’s help to
get you out,” James mused.
“I see, I thought…” Dahlia trailed off.
1/3
CS CamScanner
Chapter 112
She was a bit puzzled regarding Mr. Granville’s appearance.
From Natasha’s expression, she seemed just as surprised as Dahlia to see Mr. Granville there.
By the looks of it, it must be Matt who had requested help from the Hummers family.
Sir Hummers was one of the Mighty Three. It would not be surprising if he had connections with Mr. Granville.
“Dahlia, last time Matt managed to retrieve the large sum of money we had lost; now he got you out of the
interrogation room. You need to show some appreciation. Your cousin, Julie, will be here tomorrow, why don’t
you invite Matt along and spend the day together?” Florence asked expectantly.
“Let’s see if we have the time.” Dahlia squeezed out a forced smile.
Whenever Matt’s name was mentioned, she was reminded of another person.
……
The next morning, at the Peaceful Medical Center.
“Let’s eat!”
Dustin shouted from the ground floor while setting up the table for breakfast.
“I’m coming! Why are you in such a hurry?”
After a moment, a one–eyed old man limped down the stairs with a walking stick.
“Hey, punk! Where’s the alcohol?” He demanded angrily.
“No alcohol for breakfast. Have some soup.” Dustin gave him a bowl of chicken soup.
“I’m not going to eat if there’s no alcohol!” The old man threw a tantrum.
“Suit yourself.” Dustin paid him no mind. He sat down and started eating his breakfast.
The old man couldn’t hold back any longer as Dustin was about to finish the food.
“Geez, what a rude young man!”
Lifting the bowl, he swallowed the soup in large gulps.
“Here, this is the Panax root you asked for. Keep it safe.”
After breakfast, Dustin placed a box made from cedar wood on the table.
“Oh, did you manage to obtain another precious herb? You are really efficient!” the one–eyed man exclaimed in
surprise.
“I need another four herbs; hopefully, I can collect them all in time.” Dustin muttered.
“These things can’t be forced. Leave it up to fate,” the old man said casually.
For an elderly person like him, each day was like a gift.
A silver Bentley stopped at the entrance of the medical center, interrupting the conversation.
2/3
CS CamScanner
A gorgeous, alluring woman got out of the car and walked up to them.
“Wow, what a beauty! She has curves in all the right places! Punk, aren’t you divorced? Don’t you want to take her as your wife?” The old man cackled gleefully.
“Shut up, old man!”
Dustin glared at him and stood up to greet Natasha. “Ms. Harmon, why are you here?”
“What? Am I not welcome?” Natasha smirked.
“Of course not. Have a seat.” Dustin pulled out a chair for her.
“You must be Old Mr. Whiskey? I’ve heard that you love alcohol; that’s why I brought some homebrewed ale as
a gift.” With a smile, Natasha placed two bottles on the table.
“I’m satisfied as long as I have some alcohol! A glass of well–brewed ale is as valuable as liquid gold!” The one–eyed man beamed with joy.
He was just complaining about the lack of alcohol. This was exactly what he needed.
“If you like, I can send alcohol to you every day.” Natasha chuckled.
“You are such a thoughtful and considerate young lady, much better than that Dahlia girl!”
The one–eyed man grinned from ear to ear.
–
“Punk, you are so fortunate to have met such a wonderful woman like Ms. Harmon. You have to cherish her!”
“Take your alcohol and go away!” Dustin complained in annoyance.
“Alright, alright. I’m going upstairs to drink on my own. I don’t want to be a third wheel here.” The old man carried both bottles and went up the stairs.
“Ms. Harmon, I apologize on behalf of that old man. He could be rude and ignorant.” Dustin smiled sheepishly.
“I don’t think he said anything wrong. Are you offended?” Natasha raised her eyebrows.
“No.” Dustin shook his head.
“That’s alright, then.” Natasha chuckled.
“That reminds me, I’ve gone through so much trouble to help you escape from the interrogation room. How are
you going to repay me?”
“Can I treat you to dinner?” Dustin asked hesitantly.
“That’s too predictable.” Natasha rolled her eyes.
“Well, what do you want in return?” Dustin asked in confusion.
Without a word, Natasha closed her eyes.
She pointed to her pouty red lips and motioned for Dustin to kiss her.
###Chapter 111 by Marina Vittori
Looking at Natasha’s closed eyes and puckered lips, she exuded a seductive aura that left Dustin stunned.
“What’s wrong with your mouth? Does it hurt or something?” Dustin was oblivious.
“What are you on about? I’m letting you kiss me.” Natasha explained with frustration.
“Huh?” Dustin’s eyes twitched in disbelief as he gasped audibly.
“This can’t be a good thing, can it?” He thought to himself.
“Fine, if you don’t want it so badly, then this will be the last time you’ll ever get it,” Natasha teased playfully.
“You idiot! If you don’t grab this opportunity now, when would you ever get another chance like this!” The one- eyed old man peeping from the second floor hollered. He sighed deeply, shaking his head in disbelief at Dustin.
“You’d better shut it!” Dustin turned around and shouted back, his eyes shooting daggers.
However, when he turned his head back again, his attention was drawn to Natasha’s flawless complexion and cherry–red lips, making him suddenly realize what he might be missing out on.
“Anyways, I’m done teasing you. Let’s get down to business,” Natasha interrupted his line of thought and
continued. “Recently, Edwin headhunted the bulk of the main workforce behind Harmon Pharmaceuticals, so now we’re currently looking for leaders to reorganize the team. Given your exceptional medical skills, how
about working for me as an honorary chief physician?”
“I don’t think I’m a good fit for the job,” Dustin grumbled.
He was great when it came to healing and saving lives, but leadership was not his strong suit, and he had
absolutely zero experience in that aspect.
“To be honest, you don’t need to do anything for the job. You just need to help me keep an eye on things once in a while. But if you ever decide that it’s not for you, then you just need to hold on to that title until I find
another good fit for the position.”
Sensing his skepticism, Natasha put on a pitiful look for him again. “If you don’t help me out here, I’m afraid
the only thing I can do at this point is to just sit and watch as Edwin obliterates Harmon Pharmaceuticals into
dust.”
Feeling defeated and unsure of how to refuse her, he finally relented. “Fine…I suppose I can try.”
“I just knew that you’d help me! Let’s go! Come to my place first, then I can walk you through your duties and
responsibilities!” Natasha exclaimed, immediately all eyes and smiles. With that, she grabbed him and
ushered him into her car.
Half an hour later over at Java Joys, Ruth sat at a table with her mother, Jessica. The two of them were busy entertaining a few guests. One of them was a well–dressed, handsome young man, while the other was an old man who had a lab coat on.
The young man spoke first, cutting straight to the point. “I won’t mince words this time, Ms. Ballard. The reason I’m here today is that I’m Investigating the traitor. On a related note, I’m also here to assist my cousin
1/2
CS CamScanner
Chapter 111
in taking down Swinton’s pharmaceutical market as soon as possible, mainly to pave the way for future developments in my family.”
“Natasha can definitely rest well with you helping around, Quentin. But you know how bad that temper of hers can get. She doesn’t like anyone meddling in her affairs, after all,” Jessica replied with a small grin.
“I’m afraid there’s nothing else I can do, not when this is the outcome of my family’s deliberations. As long as my cousin does not do anything that conflicts with the family’s interests, I will do the same for any of the decisions she makes,” Quentin said as he sipped his tea.
“Hmph, the way I see it, you’re obviously just here to spy on my sister!” Ruth, with a scowl on her face,
muttered under her breath.
With her sister’s engagement with Tyler Grant coming up, the heads of the family wanted to take every precaution to make sure nothing happened, which was why they sent a spy over to keep watch on her at all
times.
“Oh, and another thing, are the rumors about Edwin Hummer poaching the bulk of the workforce of the company and stealing Eternumax’s research documents true?” Quentin brought up the subject out of nowhere.
“Such rumors did surface, but I firmly believe that Natasha has the capacity to resolve everything well.“.
Jessica’s expression was unwavering.
“Eternumax is the fruit of the Harmons‘ research for many years now, which could have been used as a trump card to dominate the pharmaceutical market in Swinton, but now that this incident has occurred, the guys over at HQ are furious, which is why they had to send an expert over.” Quentin explained before stretching out a hand to introduce the white–haired old man sitting next to him.
“This man here is Mr. Wangley. His medical research skills are second to none. So, from now on, he will become the next chief physician for Harmon Pharmaceuticals.”
But the moment Quentin finished his sentence, a cold voice suddenly boomed from outside the cafe.
“I’ve already found the right guy for the job, Quentin. So no need to bother Mr. Wangley or whatever his name is anymore!” Natasha exclaimed with Dustin, arm in arm, as the two of them stepped through the front doors boldly.
“What!” Quentin gasped with a frown. His expression darkened as he witnessed the lovey–dovey display between the two of them.
Before this, he’d caught wind of Natasha securing herself a boy toy, but he didn’t expect the rumors to be true.
If the Grant family heard about this, then the marriage between the two families would obviously be greatly affected.
###Chapter 112 by Marina Vittori
“Why’d you bring him here for, Natasha?” Jessica frowned as she probed.
Natasha replied calmly. “This is my turf, I can bring over whoever I like. Anyways, I’ve already found a good fit for the position of chief physician, and it’s Mr. Dustin!”
“What?!” Everyone exclaimed in shock when she announced that.
“You’ve got to be kidding me, Natasha! Is he even qualified to serve as chief physician for the Harmons?”
Jessica voiced her displeasure.
“Dustin’s medical skills are top of the line, and he knows the ins and outs of medicine. I believe he won’t face any problems while serving as chief!” Natasha assured Jessica.
“W–what kind of nonsense are you talking about?!” Jessica hollered, obviously agitated by her response.
Ruth interrupted and clamored to her feet to de–escalate the situation. “Calm down, there’s no need to make a
fuss. Let’s just sit down and talk it out. Dustin, let me introduce you to everyone. This is my mom, I believe you’ve met her before. And this man here is my cousin, Quentin Harmon.”
“A pleasure to meet the both of you,” Dustin responded politely with a few nods, with no hint of being
condescending at all.
“So you’re the pretty boy who keeps clinging on to Natasha like a leech?” Quentin sneered after looking Dustin
up and down. His gaze was full of disdain toward him. It was as if he was looking at ants crawling beneath his
feet.
Quentin’s holler–than–thou attitude caused Dustin to raise an eyebrow, but he quickly returned to his normal
resting face.
“Didn’t I ask a question? Why aren’t you saying anything?” Quentin taunted and lifted his chin as if to
Intimidate Dustin.
“I’m afraid I didn’t quite catch that, Mr. Harmon,” Dustin replied in the calmest manner he could muster.
“You sure you didn’t catch that, or are you trying to play dumb with me right now?” Quentin egged him on
before letting out a sharp sigh. “Fine, I’ll reword my question then. Did you kill Tilda Snider?”
“I did, but-” Before Dustin could explain himself, he was interrupted by Quentin’s booming voice, “Great! Since you’ve already admitted to the crime, that makes my job a whole lot easier now. I’ll see to it that Tilda, one of
the pillars in the Harmon household, doesn’t die in vain!” he proclaimed.
Immediately after that, he brought out an urn and slammed it on the table. “Now, I want you to look at her ashes and bow your fucking head down as an apology to her!”
“What?” Dustin frowned in confusion.
Quentin had shown his disdain before this, but now, it was obvious that he was planning to outright humiliate him in front of everyone.
“Do you have a few screws loose or something? Are you sure that the Tilda Snider you’re referring to is the
1/2
CS CamScanner
Chapter 112
same one who betrayed the Harmons and also plotted to assassinate Ms. Harmon here? Are you saying that I should’ve spared her?” Dustin questioned.
“Who are you to decide if she gets killed or not! Even if she’s a traitor, she still belongs to the Harmons. Her mess should be ours to clean up, not yours! Shouldn’t you choose your targets properly before disposing of them? Who are you to meddle in the Harmons” family business anyways?!” Quentin barked out.
Dustin merely let out an exasperated chuckle after hearing his bullshit speech.
Not only did he not receive any thanks for helping the Harmons dispose of their traitors, but now he was even about to get punished for it?
What an eye–opening way to show one’s gratitude!
“Enough talk. As long as you bow down to Tilda to make amends for my cousin’s sake, I’ll consider letting you
off the hook,” Quentin ordered in an overbearing manner.
After all, he was but a tiny ant to him, he could step on it as much as he wanted.
“What if I refuse?” Dustin shrugged indifferently.
“What if you refuse? Then I’ll make sure to break your fucking legs!” Quentin sneered.
“I’d like to see you try,” Dustin replied as he narrowed his eyes. He had a wicked glint in his eyes.
“Tsk! Now you’re just asking for it!” Quentin exploded in rage and slammed his fists on the table and the sound of a teacup shattering beneath his feet could be heard.
“Quentin Harmon! If you dare so much as to touch even a single hair on Dustin, I’ll be the one to break your legs instead!” Natasha screamed in fury as she marched toward them.
###Chapter 113 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Natasha’s sudden outburst of anger caused Quentin to furrow his brows. “Are you seriously going to turn on me just to protect this boy toy of yours?”
One reason he wanted to humiliate Dustin so much was that he hated his guts, while the other was because he wanted to gauge Natasha’s reaction to the situation.
“Dustin saved my life, so if you dare so much as lay a finger on him, don’t blame me if I flip out on you!”
Natasha warned Quentin sternly.
If not for the fact that he was her cousin, she would have slapped the shit out of him already.
“Is that so!” Quentin snorted as his expression twisted into a scowl.
“While I can put Tilda Snider’s case aside for now, I’m still very opposed to the fact that you plan to elect him
as the chief physician when he doesn’t even have the right qualifications for the job!” Quentin argued back.
Since this was one way of securing power in the company, it was obvious that he wasn’t going to let this opportunity slip away so easily. 1
“Whether he’s qualified or not, it’s not up to you to decide, but me!” Natasha growled with authority.
“Everything you own now was given to you by the family, so if you insist on getting in the way of the family’s
interests, you’re not allowed to blame me if I report you to the board when the time comes!” Quentin
threatened.
“Do whatever you want,” Natasha spat. She wasn’t afraid of him in the slightest.
“Wait!” Jessica suddenly spoke up.
“Eternumax’s research document leak isn’t a trivial matter, so the next chief physician must be capable enough to mitigate this. I feel Dustin’s still too young for this, so that would make Mr. Wangley the most suitable candidate, no?” She refused to let a naive child like himself hold such a key position in Harmon
Pharmaceuticals.
“Dustin’s medical skills are superb, so I doubt if he’d lose to some dusty old man,” Natasha justified
confidently.
“Fine, since you keep insisting that he has great medical skills, then I propose that he beat Mr. Wangley in a medical showdown. Then, we shall see who’s the best among them,” Quentin suggested, stoking the flames.
Natasha couldn’t help but furrow her brows as he finished his sentence.
Suddenly, she realized that she might have fallen into his trap.
“How are we supposed to compete then?” Dustin suddenly spoke up.
Although he wasn’t too interested in becoming chief, Quentin’s arrogance had rubbed him the wrong way, so he decided to roll along with his plan just to prove him wrong.
CS CamScanner
“Competing between medical prowess is just too boring, don’t you think, younguns? Why don’t we play with poison instead?” Mr. Wangley changed the topic out of the blue.
“Sure, how do you plan to do that?” Dustin remained poker faced.
“Hehe… It’s simple actually. Each of us will concoct a bottle of poison on the spot and exchange it with one another to ingest. Whoever manages to come up with an antidote to save themselves first will be declared the winner. Sound good?” Mr. Wangley proposed.
“Wait a minute! But what if you can’t cure yourself from the poison?” Ruth quickly asked.
“Well, if you fail, then I guess you can either get lucky and survive being a cripple or die a violent death instead!” Mr. Wangley guffawed, his eyes gleamed with excitement as he said that.
“No way! Who the hell goes so far for a duel? What if something goes wrong?” Ruth exclaimed in shock.
One wrong step, and one could easily get killed!
“Since we’re going to compete with one another anyways, why don’t we raise the stakes a little? So, up for the challenge, young man?” Mr. Wangley nudged amusedly.
“Don’t fall for his tricks, Dustin! He’s obviously doing this just to back you into a corner,” Natasha warned in a low whisper.
She now suspected that Mr. Wangley wasn’t a physician at all but a master of poison!
Unlike physicians, who cure diseases and save lives, polson masters do research on the complete opposite spectrum of medicine.
For them, they specialized in witchcraft, voodoo, and poison. They had ruthless tactics and strange tricks up their sleeves.
If they settled on a competition to battle out their medical skills, then Dustin would stand a pretty good chance of winning.
But if they opted to go with a poison–concocting competition with a master of poison instead, then it was like they were begging to be killed!
“I’m giving you one more chance to back out of this, Mr. Boy Toy. If you admit defeat now, you’ll be giving up your title of chief physician and I’ll still need you to bow down and apologize to Tilda Snider’s ashes!” Quentin spat.
Who was this pale–skinned wimp who was bold enough to pick a fight with the great Mr. Wangley anyway?
“Aren’t we just dabbling with some poison? Fine, It’s on,” Dustin proclaimed. He was not the least bit afraid.
“Ha, you asked for it!” Quentin let out a maniacal laugh as he gazed at the soon–to–be–dead man in front of him.
To think he had the gall to compete with a polson master at making polson. He certainly had a death wish!
“Are you out of your mind. Dustin? You could diel” Ruth said anxiously.
“It’s not like they have any rivalry between them either, so why does he Insist on putting his life on the line like
2/1
CS CamScanner
Chapter 113
this?” She thought to herself.
“I know full well what I’m doing.” Dustin answered nonchalantly.
“Dustin, are you sure you want to do this?” Natasha frowned.
He could see the slight worry in those beautiful eyes of hers.
She was aware that Quentin was deliberately making things difficult for him, but it wasn’t like she could
outright stop him either.
“Don’t worry, I’ll be fine. You should be worried about them instead.” Dustin grinned.
In fact, he was not only proficient in medicine but very much a specialist in voodoo magic and poison as well.
“Less talk, more poison–making. Mr. Boy Toy!” Quentin urged hurriedly, afraid that he’d chicken out and go
back on his word.
“Wait!” Dustin voiced out and raised his hands all of a sudden.
“I’m all for making poisons, but my only condition is that I need you to be involved in this as well.”
“What are you talking about?” Quentin asked in shock, feeling a little uneasy.
“Didn’t you say that you wanted this to be exciting? Later when we’re done, why don’t you and I test it with
our bodies, then leave our lives at the mercy of the Lord?” Dustin suggested coolly.
“Cut the crap!” Quentin hollered, and his expression immediately changed. “How are you compare your
peasant life with mine? Why don’t you look at yourself in the mirror for once?“
“Admitting defeat so quickly? If you don’t have the balls to take up this challenge, then kneel down in front of me and admit defeat right now. Oh, and I’ll need an apology too, then I can pretend none of this ever happened
in the first place.” Dustin taunted.
“You-” Quentin stumbled over his words as a burst of anger overtook him in an instant.
Would he even have any face left after this if he backed down now?
Then again, he was the one with the money and status, so it wasn’t like he stood to gain anything from putting
his life on the line with a filthy peasant like him.
I won’t
“Rest assured, Mr. Harmon. With my skills, I’ll make sure that any kind of poison this punk conjures up even hurt you in the slightest,” Mr. Wangley announced with conviction.
If he were to scan the entirety of South City, he was confident that the only person who was able to top him
was Dr. Linden Watkins when it came to making poisons.
“Are you sure about that?” Quentin probed, his brows furrowed slightly.
“Of course! Just take the bet, Mr. Harmon, and I’ll make sure to keep you safe from harm,” Mr. Wangley declared confidently.
“Sounds good to me!” Quentin shouted and slapped his hands on the table before getting up to his feet. “If it’s my life on the line you want, Mr. Boy Toy, then it’s what you’ll get! I’ll make sure to accompany you to your last
dying breath!”
###Chapter 114 by Marina Vittori
After reaching an agreement on both sides, the atmosphere instantly became tense. Dustin and Mr. Wangley had their subordinates purchase some medicine for them.
The plan was that the two of them would concoct poisons on the spot and down them together at the same time. As for who would win, that would have to depend on their respective skills.
“Do you think Dustin’s going to make it, Sis? What if he gets poisoned to death instead?” Ruth voiced out anxiously.
“Well, since he agreed to it in the first place, I suppose this means he’s confident that he can win. Have some faith in the guy.” Natasha assured with a straight face. Although she looked calm on the outside, she felt uneasy on the inside.
If it were possible, she’d rather Dustin straight–up admit defeat.
“You can say that, but Dustin’s only proficient in medicine. Surely he can’t beat Mr. Wangley in terms of his experience in the field of poison research,” Ruth murmured while shaking her head.
There were many subfields in the field of medicine, with each subfield being vastly different from one to the other.
So, how can an amateur compete with a professional? Compared to the two sisters‘ worries, Jessica felt secondhand embarrassment for Dustin as she sat at the side.
She wasn’t sure if she should label Dustin as arrogant or stupid to agree to compete with a master of poison at making poisons.
Then again, she was still amused that things managed to get to this point.
If Dustin loses, he’ll either be dead or crippled, which would mean that she wouldn’t need to expend so much energy thinking about her daughter’s marriage anymore.
“I would advise you to drop out of the competition while you can, Mr. Boy Toy; else, when the poison kicks in your system, you might not even get the chance to regret your decision anymore!” Quentin pressed.
“To be frank, I have to commend you for your bravery as well. To think that you’re willing to put your life in someone else’s hands. I don’t suppose you ever thought that if ever the old man loses, the one who might kick the bucket is you?” Dustin pointed out flatly.
“Ridiculous! Mr. Wangley has been researching poisons for many years now, so how could he possibly lose? You’ll see how great he is later!” Quentin gave a bark of laughter.
Dustin merely let out a short chuckle and said nothing more in response.
A few moments later, the subordinates the two of them sent to purchase medicine for them entered through the front doors hurriedly.
CS CamScanner
Immediately after retrieving the goods, Mr. Wangley started concocting his polson at lightning speed. His movements were so fast that it was enough to make one’s head spin.
In the meantime, Dustin took his time with it and did everything at his own pace.
After a long while, Mr. Wangley had finished concocting his polson, which appeared to be a bottle of viscous,
black liquid.
One could even smell a faint scent of dead fish watting out of it.
“I’m done with my poisons, Mr. Boy Toy. Dare to put it down the hatch?” Quentin taunted as he placed the bottle on the table and provocatively glared at him.
Anyone with a discerning eye could definitely see that the black potion in front of them was highly poisonous.
This meant that anyone who ingested it would surely be in danger!
“What say we just forget about this whole thing. Dustin? It’s obvious that anyone who drinks this will surely die!” Ruth pleaded, clearly upset.
Natasha, who was standing beside her, also couldn’t help but ball up her fists.
“It’s just polson. There’s nothing to worry about.” Dustin grinned before picking up the bottle and downing the
entire thing in one swig.
His swift but confident motion caused Quentin to freeze.
“Was this punk actually not afraid of death?” He thought to himself.
“How are you feeling?” Natasha hurriedly probed.
“Well, my mouth feels bitter from the aftertaste, but all in all, the taste is fine.” Dustin evaluated.
Natasha was speechless at his reply. The corners of her mouth started twitching.
“Did you think that I was asking you about the taste?” She thought to herself incredulously.
“You don’t have to put up a front if it’s too much for you to bear, young man. You just need to bow down to Mr. Harmon and admit your mistakes if you want me to save you,” Mr. Wangley said amusedly.
“Your ‘poison” is mildly toxic at best,” Dustin replied while smacking his lips a few times.
“If I’m not mistaken, what you just conjured up is the Devil’s Elixir, right? It’s a good poison of choice, but it’s a shame you used the wrong ingredients for it. What you should’ve used was aconite instead of epiphyllum. Although both of their medical properties are similar, there are still a few minor differences between them. This is one determining factor of what makes a poison so potent,” he explained.
“Huh? How did you know? Did you peek at me while I was concocting the mix just now?” Mr. Wangley gasped as his expression warped into pure shock.
He was absolutely correct in deducing that the poison he made was the Devil’s Elixir, and that he had added epiphyllum as one of the ingredients.
“Was it even necessary to peek? I could tell the moment I smelled it in the air.” Dustin retorted.
2/4
CS CamScanner
“You used a total of five ingredients, namely strychnine, Zeus‘ Vine, oranges, phyllanthus, and a sliver of Devil’s grass. It’s such a shame that you were this close to making the perfect poison though.”
The moment Dustin finished speaking, Mr. Wangley couldn’t help but break out in a shudder.
To think that this punk could list out every single one of the ingredients he’d used to make his poison.
He’d be fine if he had just told him that he peeked, but it was terrifying to think that he could deduce everything just by smell alone!
Even he felt that it would take him light years to even get to this level!
“What the hell happened, Mr. Wangley? A few minutes have already passed, and yet he hasn’t reacted at all” Quentin thought to himself with some unease.
*Rest assured, Mr. Harmon. Anyone can tell that he’s just putting on a bold front right now. Without an antidote, I can guarantee you that he’ll kick the bucket in no time flat!” Mr. Wangley hollered with confidence after reeling from his shock.
Even if Dustin found a way to make a cure, it would still be impossible to completely get rid of the poison from
his system.
And that was because Mr. Wangley had added something extra inside.
“Now that’s music to my ears.” Quentin secretly sighed in relief.
“I’m also done making my poison,” Dustin declared as he presented a bottle with a yellow–colored liquid
inside.
A lot of steam emanated from the foul–smelling, hot liquid. It looked absolutely disgusting.
“W–what the fuck is that? It reeks!” Quentin sneered. He immediately covered his scrunched–up nose with his
hands.
“While it might stink a bit, I promise you it tastes pretty good. Feel free to give it a go,” Dustin said casually as he pushed the bottle toward them.
“You can’t possibly be thinking of chickening out now, right, oh great Quentin Harmon?” Natasha pressed.
Quentin remained silent but turned to look at Mr. Wangley standing beside him, clearly hesitating.
“Relax, Mr. Harmon. I saw every ingredient this kid used clearly, so even if you ingest the poison, I can whip
out an antidote for you in under three minutes!” Mr. Wangley assured confidently.
*Sounds great. Here we go!” Quentin exclaimed with his newfound courage. He then proceeded to pick up the
bottle, pinch his nose, and down the whole bottle.
“Eugh!” Quentin gagged just as he downed the poison. It felt like it was about to come back out again.
Not only did it reek, but it also tasted bitter, rancid, and disgusting all at the same time.
It felt as if he had just eaten a pile of shit. It was an extremely unpleasant experience.
“Uh uh, it won’t count if you spit it out!” Dustin reminded.
711
CS CamScanner
Chapter 114
“You-“Quentin gritted his teeth. He had no other choice but to swallow everything back down with a flushed
face.
It’d be a waste to spit everything out after all that effort of drinking it in the first place.
“What exactly did you add inside? How come it stinks so much?” There was a “lingering‘ taste in his mouth
and teeth that refused to go away.
“Oh, nothing much. Just some golden juice,” Dustin said flatly.
The moment he revealed it, Mr. Wangley’s face contorted with shock.
Even Jessica, who had been sitting at the side all this while, raised an eyebrow upon hearing that.
““Golden juice“? What the fuck is that?” Quentin probed, feeling uneasy.
““Golden juice“, or “golden liquid‘ or ‘fecal fluid‘, it basically just means “human excrement” in layman’s terms,” Dustin explained with a small grin.
###Chapter 115 by Marina Vittori
“WHAT? HUMAN EXCREMENT?”
As soon as Quentin heard this, he immediately started dry heaving next to Dustin. But since the poison was already in his stomach, he couldn’t spit it out even if he wanted to, his face flushed red instead.
Before this, the phrase ‘eat shit‘ had only been a suggestion, but he couldn’t believe that it had actually happened to him.
“I didn’t expect Dustin to be so heartless by forcing our cousin to eat shit. How is he going to eat anything else from now on?” Ruth commented as she covered her nose with her hands. She then started to move away
from them with a look of disgust.
“For all the shit he spews out from his mouth, I think this is a most fitting punishment.” Natasha couldn’t help but add fuel to the fire too.
“How dare you trick me, you little bastard!” Quentin roared as he raised his head. His expression darkened and his gaze was murderous.
He had never been humiliated this badly in all his life.
“Since we were tasked with making poison, I had the freedom to choose my own recipe, so I was allowed to add any ingredient I saw fit inside, no?” Dustin stated matter–of–factly.
“Good, good! You’ve got some nerve, don’t you?” Quentin shouted, his face contorted with anger.
“I can’t wait to see you begging at my feet later once the poison kicks into your system!”
“We’ll certainly see who will be the one who gets down on their knees later. Now, you’d better ask the people
around you whether they can cure the poison I made or not.” Dustin grinned.
“Give me the antidote now, Mr. Wangley!” Quentin urged.
He certainly didn’t want his high–class body to suffer any more damage.
“Calm down, Mr. Harmon. Let me take a look at you first,” Mr. Wangley picked up the bottle with the rest of the
poison and brought it close to his nose to smell it.
Then, he dipped his finger into the remaining liquid and placed a drop on the tip of his tongue to taste it.
“Here I was beginning to think it was some kind of potent poison. Who would’ve guessed that it was Venenum
Insectum all along?” Mr. Wangley chuckled. It seemed he had found his answer.
““Venenum Insectum‘? What’s that?” Quentin asked.
“Venenum Insectum‘ is a poison that’s made from seven types of venomous organisms. They’re first ground
into a fine powder, then mixed together. If I’m not mistaken, the organisms in question are snakes, scorpions, toads, centipedes, spiders, poisonous bees, and fire ants,” Mr. Wangley explained with confidence.
“Are you for real? You got all that from tasting one small droplet?” Ruth asked incredulously.
1/4
CS CamScanner
Chapter 115
If he had the skills to figure out Dustin’s recipe like that, that would mean that he was pretty much an expert
as well.
“As expected of a poison master, you clearly are an expert in your field,” Dustin remarked with a smile.
He had to admit that Mr. Wangley was indeed talented, but it was a shame that he was so close yet so far
once again, mistaking his concoction for Venenum Insectum instead of Venenum Insectim.
The golden juice was merely added in for extra flavor.
“Will you stop spewing nonsense to yourself already, Mr. Wangley? Hurry up and make me an antidote. My
stomach is starting to hurt again.” Quentin whined as he clutched his abdomen with a strained look.
His stomach had begun to churn again two minutes later.
“Wait for me while I whip up an antidote for you, Mr. Harmon.” Mr. Wangley swiftly started preparing an
antidote with the ingredients that remained.
“H–Hurry up! It’s getting more and more painful by the second!” Quentin howled in pain.
The longer time went on, he felt as if there was a knife inside his abdomen that kept stabbing his insides. He
started to break out in a cold sweat.
In the meantime, Dustin looked absolutely fine and showed no abnormal symptoms, so much so that he
managed to sip his tea leisurely.
“H–how are you not affected?” Quentin stuttered, visibly taken aback.
Dustin had drunk the poison first, so why was it that he seemed like he wasn’t affected by it in the slightest?
“I’ve already gotten rid of the poison in my system. So, how could I still be affected?”
“You’ve already concocted an antidote? But how? You didn’t do anything!” Quentin spat in disbelief.
“That’s not for you to worry about. Why don’t you focus on your case first? Like what you’re going to do if the
person standing next to you can’t cure the poison,” Dustin suggested with mock concern.
“The poison I conjured up was a rough one, by the way. It’ll induce searing pain first, and if you fail to obtain
the antidote within three hours, then it’ll tear through your guts and intestines and cause you to die a horrible
death!”
“What!” Quentin gasped and panicked.
His stomach was already hurting badly before this, but after receiving a scare from Dustin, it seemed to hurt
even more.
“I’ve got the antidote for you, Mr. Harthon!” Mr. Wangley announced as he brought a vial of white liquid over to
him in the nick of time.
Without any hesitation, Quentin downed the whole thing in one gulp..
As soon as the antidote landed in his stomach, he immediately felt better.
However, after enduring the pain for a few seconds, he vomited all the white liquid out of his system.
2/4
CS CamScanner
Chapter 115
“What are you doing, Mr. Harmon? You just threw up the antidote!” Mr. Wangley exclaimed in surprise.
“I–I couldn’t help it. I really couldn’t hold it in!” Quentin whined helplessly.
“You could even stomach eating shit, so why can’t you do the same for the antidote?” Mr. Wangley scolded, flabbergasted.
“Cut the crap! Hurry up and prepare another dose, I’ll make sure to hold it in this time round,” Quentin shouted
as his face twitched.
Mr. Wangley had no choice but to do as he was told.
Soon, he’d finished whipping up another dose, and Quentin wasted no time ingesting it.
This time, he managed to hold it in.
“My stomach still hurts like hell, Mr. Wangley. Why haven’t the effects kicked in yet?” Quentin complained with a strained look on his face.
“It can’t be, the main ingredients to make an antidote for Venenum Insectum are forsythia, lotus root, and white creepers. Then, it just needs to be supplemented with a few herbs and heated up, to be able to detoxify the poison. Perhaps the effects of the antidote haven’t kicked in yet, so I’ll need you to wait a little while longer,” Mr. Wangley comforted.
Quentin nodded and forced himself to endure the severe pain for a few more minutes. His face even started
contorting to reflect the indescribable pain he was feeling as time went on.
“Mr. Wangley! I don’t think this was the right antidote! Not only did it do nothing to ease the pain, but it also
hurts even more now!” Quentin shouted through gritted teeth and continued to be drenched in sweat.
“How could this be?” Mr. Wangley stepped forward to check Quentin’s pulse.
“D–don’t tell me this isn’t Venenum Insectum?” Mr. Wangley exclaimed.
“Huh? Then what about the antidote that you gave me just now?” Quentin roared in anger.
“What else did you put in your poison, you bastard? I clearly saw you add venomous creepy crawlies inside!” Mr. Wangley turned around and questioned.
“The kind of ingredients I used isn’t the main focus here. The real question should be whether you can get rid
of the poison or not,” Dustin said indifferently.
“You played dirty, didn’t you? So be it! Even if this ends up in a tie, as long as you hand me the antidote. I’ll
give you the antidote for the Devil’s Elixir!” Mr. Wangley proposed as he made the decision to be the bigger
person.
If he’d concocted the poison using a different recipe, then he would need to take the time to analyze it properly. But now that Quentin was writhing in pain, he didn’t have the luxury to take his time.
It would be bad for him too if his source of income were to disappear just like that.
“You want the antidote, don’t you? Fine.” A cocky grin spread on Dustin’s face.
“According to what you said to me earlier, I want the same back from you. I want you to kneel down before me and admit defeat. After that, I’ll give you the antidote.”
The second he finished his sentence, Quentin and Mr. Wangley’s expressions changed.
###Chapter 116 by Marina Vittori
“Don’t get ahead of yourself yet, you bastard!” Mr. Wangley shouted in anger.
“You have to remember that Mr. Harmon isn’t the only one who’s poisoned here. Without my antidote, you won’t be able to live past tomorrow with my poison in your system!”
“Is that so? Wanna bet on who kicks the bucket first?” Dustin chuckled.
“Why you-!” Mr. Wangley had been rendered speechless.
Looking at the current state of affairs, it was obvious that Quentin was the one who would lose first.
And it was exactly for this reason that Mr. Wangley proposed to call it a draw.
Unfortunately, the other party was having none of it.
“Hurry up and give me the antidote already, Dustin! We’ll count this as a loss on our side!” Quentin yielded grudgingly.
If it weren’t for the fact that he really couldn’t bear the pain anymore, he would never concede to a puny ant like him.
“You can’t just ‘say‘ that you’ve lost. Where’s the sincerity in that, Mr. Harmon?” Dustin teased while shaking
his head.
“Don’t you test me, Rhys!” Quentin roared.
“When you make mistakes, it’s only logical that you admit your wrongdoings, no? Are you telling me that you can’t even do that much?” Dustin urged on, devoid of the slightest bit of fear.
“Oh, so you want me to get down on my knees and admit my mistakes to you? What makes you think you’re fucking worthy of that?” Quentin sneered as his expression turned cold.
“Of course, I’m not worthy. I guess you’ll just have to get rid of the poison by yourselves then,” Dustin replied with a shrug.
“Are you threatening me right now?” Quentin scowled.
“Goodness, no. I’m just returning the favor,” Dustin replied, unperturbed. 
“Enough, everyone stops this farce at once!” Jessica suddenly screamed.
“You’d better hurry and pass the antidote to Quentin right now, Dustin. Otherwise, you won’t be able to take
responsibility if anything happens to him after this!”
“With all due respect, ma’am, every man considers his promises like gold. So since I made a promise just now, naturally I would need to fulfill that promise,” Dustin replied plainly.
“What are you on about? And why do you insist on making yourself an enemy of the Harmons today?” Jessica snapped, her pretty face now stone cold.
She initially thought that Dustin would back down and be the bigger man in this situation, but didn’t expect him to be so insensitive instead.
17
CS CamScanner
Chapter 116
“Can you cut the act already? You didn’t say anything when Quentin was bullying Dustin before, so why are you jumping to Quentin’s aid when he’s in a difficult situation now? Do you even have a shred of dignity left?” Natasha suddenly voiced out.
“Why are you speaking for an outsider when Quentin is your own cousin?” Jessica frowned.
“I only speak for the truth, not blood relations!” Natasha proclaimed, righteously.
“Quentin was the one who started this whole thing in the first place, so now he’s getting what he deserves. Since we’re outsiders in their competition, we should just sit and watch and not interfere!”
“Why you-!” Jessica growled, obviously angry at her daughter’s outburst.
Although she let Natasha have her way outside, she really could not do anything about her in private.
All of her nagging and lectures failed to get to her.
She was such a thorn in her side!
“This is the last time I’m going to ask, Rhys! Are you giving me the antidote or not?” Quentin demanded while gritting his teeth.
“And I’ll reply with the same answer. Kneel down and apologize first,” Dustin stated flatly.
“Fine! Fine!” Quentin finally gave in with a sinister look on his face.
“I can kneel down, for sure, but are you sure you want to take responsibility for the consequences that ensue?” Quentin growled, his expression was murderous now.
“I’ll need to see it for myself first.” Dustin smiled mockingly.
“Fine! I hope you don’t regret this!” Quentin shouted through clenched teeth. After hesitating for two seconds,
he finally dropped down to the floor on his knees with a heavy “thud“.
But as he knelt, his death glare was firmly planted on Dustin, and his expression extremely fierce.
Humiliating him in public like this was equal to asking for death!
“The man has already knelt before you. Are you satisfied now, Dustin? Hurry up and hand him the antidote
then!” Jessica snapped.
Humiliating Quentin Harmon was equal to humiliating the entirety of the Harmon family.
How dare a measly doctor humiliated a Harmon like that. He was really asking to be killed!
“Here. Bottoms up.” Dustin said as he fished out a small, white vial and poured out the powdery contents into
a cup of tea.
“Is that Hexanavir? Mr. Wangley thought to himself.
###Chapter 117 by Marina Vittori
When Mr. Wangley laid his eyes on the small, white–colored vial, his expression immediately turned into shock, but a look of greed replaced it soon after.
That was legendary Dr. Rowan Cross‘ Miracle Cure!
Why does a punk like him have such a treasure on him in the first place?
Anyone could see that this antidote was incredibly precious and worth a lot of money!
Even the tiniest amount of powder could already fetch sky–high prices.
It was no wonder that the punk could act so cocky, and that was all because he was in possession of Hexanavir.
Today shall be the day of his downfall!
“Hmph!” Quentin snorted and said nothing before downing the whole cup of tea in one gulp.
Almost immediately after he gulped down the tea, the ongoing sharp pains in his stomach gradually started to disappear.
The pain completely disappeared a few minutes later.
This caused Quentin to feel like he’d just survived a huge ordeal.
“I won’t forget the shame you inflicted on me today, Rhys! You had better not fall into my clutches anymore in the future!” Quentin barked before turning to Natasha Harmon. “And as for you, Natasha, you’d better solve the crisis surrounding Eternumax soon. Else, don’t blame me if I report you to the board!”
The moment he finished barking, Quentin left the room in a haggard state.
“You’ll definitely regret everything you did today, young man!” Mr. Wangley grunted before turning to chase after Quentin.
Did he know who Quentin was? How could a puny doctor like him humiliate him like that?
If ever he decided to seek revenge eventually, he bet that his bones wouldn’t be spared even after he was
brutally murdered!
“So you came prepared, Dustin. You really scared me just now.” Ruth heaved a sigh of relief.
“It was all thanks to the Hexanavir your sister sent me. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have won so easily,” Dustin let
out a small chuckle.
But of course, the antidote merely made things slightly easier for him.
“Hmph! It was all a trick then!” Jessica snorted and looked at Dustin in disdain.
She initially thought that he’d used his skills for this, but who knew that he had just utilized Hexanavir which was made by the legendary Dr. Rowan Cross.
“You can stay unconvinced as long as you like, but the fact remains that Dustin won” Natasha argued with a
1/2
CS CamScanner
Chapter 117
hard glare.
“So what if he won by a fluke? What makes you think this kid can research Eternumax without Mr. Wangley here?” Jessica questioned.
Eternumax was the heart and soul of Harmon Pharmaceuticals for many years now and was an equally important part of the family’s development plans.
This was why she refused to believe that such an unknown figure like Dustin would have any ability to save
the day.
“Who says? To me, Dustin is way more knowledgeable than whoever this Wangley guy is.” Natasha stood her
ground firmly.
“Fine, since you keep insisting that he’s the superior choice, then why don’t we make a bet? If he can develop
Eternumax from scratch, I’ll take it as he’s passed the test. Otherwise, I’ll have him resign from his post immediately to make way for the others!” Jessica roared, clearly enraged.
“I have no qualms with that,” Natasha said, refusing to give way.
Whether he would be able to do it or not was a separate matter. She couldn’t back down now.
“Rhys, you punk! You’d better not let my daughter down!” Jessica spat after getting a clearer look at Dustin. She then folded up her sleeves and up and left.
“What did mom mean by ‘test‘ just now?” Ruth asked, out of curiosity.
“Kids shouldn’t butt into adult matters.” Natasha rolled her eyes at her in response.
“Hmph! Well, I’m sorry for asking. Who died and made you queen?” Ruth pouted.
“You all keep mentioning Eternumax, but what is it exactly. Ms. Harmon?” Dustin asked while feigning ignorance.
Natasha Harmon forced a smile and started explaining. “Although the Harmons have a firm grip over many industries, the main focus is still medicine. This was why the decision behind the selection of business
partners and benefit–sharing were all made in hopes of dominating the pharmaceutical market of the entirety of Swinton. Thus, that was how we began researching and developing a new kind of drug, which we plan to use to capture all of that market share,
“Everything was going to plan in the beginning, but no one had expected that there would be a traitor who had
been planted among us. Thus, Tilda Snider’s assassination presented an opportunity to us, while serving as a warning to all traitors. But the moment they realized that they were about to be exposed, they employed methods of coercion and enticing benefits to lure our employees to other companies instead, which was how they took away a big chunk of our workforce. Not only that, they even stole our research findings! And the research findings in question were for the new drug we’re developing, Eternumax!”
###Chapter 118 by Marina Vittori
“I see.” Dustin nodded. Dustin recalled something and asked, “Following what you said, between you and Edwin, whoever first creates Eternumax would dominate the market in Swinton?”
“You could say that,” Natasha confirmed his thoughts. “However, the documents of my researchers have been robbed. We have to start all over again. It would be too difficult.”
“Humph! That Hummer is too despicable! Him and his dirty tricks!” Ruth was indignant.
““What kind of medicine is Eternumax?” Dustin asked once again.
“Eternumax is a medicine that not only increases your lifespan but also retains beauty. It was said to be derived from an ancient antidote recipe. However, because the recipe was crafted such a long time ago, half of it was lost. We could only keep researching to restore the full recipe.” Natasha explained.
“An ancient antidote recipe?”
“If I’m following correctly, I do know about a type of secret medicine that has a similar effect to Eternumax.” Dustin rubbed his chin
“Oh? And what medicine is that?” Natasha’s eyes sparkled with interest.
“This medicine is called Immortunol. I read about it from a medical book archive. It also increases one’s lifespan and retains beauty. Its effects should be on par with Eternumax.” Dustin smiled faintly.
The archives that he read contained all valuable antidotes that had been lost in time.
Whatever was listed in there was definitely no ordinary medicine.
“Hah! I don’t believe you for one second! Eternumax is a secret ancient recipe. How could this ‘Immortunol‘ even compare to it? I’ve never even heard of such a thing!” Ruth pouted.
“Just because you never heard of it, doesn’t mean it does not exist. There could even possibly be a surprise discovery.” Dustin suggested.
“No matter if it works, we should give it a try. Let me know what ingredients you need. I’ll prepare them right. away.” Natasha offered without any hesitation.
That was because there was no other way to go about this. They were in a bind.
“Rue, bring me a pen and paper.” Dustin tumed around and commanded.
“Hey! I told you a thousand times already. My name is Ruth! Ruth!” Ruth clenched her teeth.
Ruth gave Dustin a kick before bringing him the pen and paper.
After taking the pen and a few scribbles, Dustin finished writing Immortunol’s recipe in an instant.
Natasha scanned through the list and nodded. “These ingredients are quite common and easy to find. The
CS CamScanner
only tricky ingredient would be Luminianth Root.”
*Sis, there are a few sellers in the medicine market. Perhaps we could find some there.” Ruth suggested.
“Yeah. Bring Dustin along to check it out. I still have some stuff to do.” Natasha replied.
“Alright…”
Ruth pouted. Although she was a little disappointed, she agreed to her sister’s request.
Her sister had a lot of stuff to do. She knew that she had to help her out.
After setting their destination, Ruth drove Dustin to the market.
A Mercedes–Benz parked in front of a shop named Emporium.
Dahlia and the others stepped out of the car which stopped abruptly.
Other than Florence and James, there was also a pretty, well–dressed lady beside them.
This woman was Florence’s niece, Julie Amberson.
“Julie, didn’t you say you wanted to get a present? Why are we at a place like this?” Florence was confused.
“Aunt Florence, I just got the news that this shop has a very rare ingredient called the Luminianth Root!” Julie whispered.
“Luminianth Root? What’s it for?” The name piqued Florence’s curiosity.
“It’s great as a gift, of course! Tomorrow is the Hummers‘ birthday party. I’m planning to gift this to Miss Hummer!”
“Why are you gifting this instead of gems or jewelry like everyone else?”
###Chapter 119 by Marina Vittori
“Hehe…You wouldn’t know, would you? Miss Hummer is a noble lady. She doesn’t need gems or jewelry. If
you truly want to impress her, you should give her a one–of–a–kind gift. Luminlanth Root has the ability to
retain one’s beauty. No woman could ever resist it. I believe that Miss Hummer would like it!” Julie uttered
confidently.
“You’re not wrong, but this Luminianth Root costs a fortune, right?” Florence asked.
“Of course! This is an extremely rare item. You won’t be able to buy it without three to five million dollars.”
Julie nodded.
“What! It’s that expensive?”
Florence was shocked. “Julie, do you even have that much money?”
“Of course, I don’t. But you do! So, lend me a few million dollars, I’ll return it to you next time.” Julie requested
without hesitation.
Her words stunned Florence.
Dahlia and James also frowned at her words.
This cousin of theirs would always borrow money every time she visits.
Last year she “borrowed” a Mercedez–Benz from them for two days. Until now, she still hadn’t returned the car.
It seemed like they will not be getting it back.
If they gave her a few million dollars now, there would definitely be no return as well.
“Julie, it’s not that I don’t want to lend you the money. A few million dollars is really too much.” After thinking for some time, Florence still refused.
“Aunt Florence, your family owns a business! There’s no way you don’t have that kind of money. Or is it that you guys don’t want to lend me the money?” Julie was getting upset.
“No, I really don’t have that much money.” Florence laughed awkwardly.
“If you don’t, then Dahlia should have that money, right? She’s the president of Quine Group! I don’t believe for
a second that she doesn’t have a few million dollars to spare!”
Julle turned to Dahlia as she uttered those words.
“The company’s finances are a bit tight at the moment. Every penny counts. I wouldn’t recommend spending the money on such birthday gifts.” Dahlia shook her head lightly.
If it was an emergency, she would definitely spend money without hesitation.
But for her situation, she really could not help her even if she wanted to.
“Dahlia! You can’t be that stingy? It’s just a few million dollars! It’s not like I wouldn’t return it to you!”
Julie crossed her arms and said confidently. “After I send Miss Hummer this gift, I’ll become her friend. Then,
1/2
CS CamScanner
I’ll get a high–rank position in Hummer Pharmaceuticals. I’ll be earning a few million dollars every year, easy peasy!”
“Julie, you must not get ahead of yourself. It’s not that easy to get into Hummer Pharmaceuticals. Never mind a high–rank position, with your experience, it would be best for you to get some training in my company.” Dahlia tried to reason with her calmly.
“Dahlia, let me get straight to the point. I’m a valuable graduate of the Ivy League. Everyone wants me. A small company like Quine Group is not worth my time.” Julie mocked.
Dahlia was speechless at her remarks.
This cousin of hers was a classic narcissist.
No experience and no skill, and yet she still dreamed about becoming a rich supervisor.
She looked down on almost everyone, and yet she doesn’t even have the basics down.
“Alright! Back to the point! Are you lending me the money or not?” Julie’s arms were still crossed in front of her body arrogantly.
She really had no shame as the one who was borrowing money.
“No!” James answered.
“Fine! Today I finally get to see what kind of people you guys really are! Relatives, my ass! You all just abandoned me when I’m in need. Tomorrow, I will make you pay!” With that, Julie turned around and stomped
away.
###Chapter 120 by Marina Vittori
“Julie! Don’t be mad, calm down!” Florence quickly stopped Julie and smiled. “Isn’t it just a few million dollars? I’ll lend it to you! We’re all family after all. There’s no need to fight.”
“Mom! Why are you playing along with her?” James frowned. “Julie is my only niece. Now that she’s in a pinch, who would help her if not me?” Florence stated the facts.
“Are you sure this is someone who needs help?” James was displeased.
“Shut it!” Florence glared at her son. “I’m not using your money. Can’t I use my own money?”
“You-!” James was shocked.
“Is she still my mother?” James wondered.
She treated a niece better than her own son.
“Aunt Florence treats me the best!” Julie chirped with a smile on her face.
This was not her first time acting like this. It was effective every single time.
“Of course, who’d treat you well other than me? Let’s go, we’ll buy you the Lumianth Root.”
Florence grabbed Juile’s hand and entered Emporium.
“Sis! You’re not going to stop mom?” James was worried.
“What’s the use of stopping her? This isn’t her first time doing such a thing.” Dahlia already gave up.
Her mother had been treating her sister’s family like this for a long time.
The only problem was their despicable attitude, exploiting her mother’s kindness.
“Hey, boss!” Julie immediately called out confidently while entering the shop.
“Welcome! What can I get for my distinguished guests?”
A middle–aged man with a big belly walked forward to greet his customers.
“A little bird told me that you sell Luminianth Root here. Is that true?” Julie sat down on one of the chairs in the shop.
“Miss, this bird of yours must be very efficient at its job! We do sell them here. In fact, it just arrived yesterday.” The shop owner spoke truthfully.
“Really? How do you plan to sell them?” Julie continued asking.
“This Luminianth Root is not that cheap. We’re planning to hold an auction for it.” The shop owner replied.
“Auctions are too much of a hassle. Why don’t you just sell it to me? It saves you the money to hold an auction.” Julie tried to convince the shop owner.
1/2
CS CamScanner
Chapter 120
“But The shop owner was troubled.
“What? Do you think I can’t afford it? Say it. How much are you planning to sell this for?” Julle asked.
“If miss truly wants to buy it, I wouldn’t try to stop you. I just need this much.” The plump shop owner held up five of his fingers.
“Five million? That’s expensive?!”
Florence immediately froze in place.
Although she expected it, she was still shocked when she heard the price.
“Five million already includes a discount for our friendship. If I were to auction this, I probably would earn five to six times this price. This is also an early price, otherwise, it wouldn’t be so low.” The shop owner shook his head.
“Can’t you lower the price a bit? This amount is too high.” Florence tried to negotiate with him.
“I can’t do that. This precious gem cost me a lot of fortune. To be honest, if I encounter someone who needs this, it wouldn’t even be a problem to sell it for a hundred million dollars.” The shop owner said with a serious face.
“But”
Before Florence could finish her sentence, Julie interrupted her. “Alright, alright! Aunt Florence, we shouldn’t be too sensitive! Isn’t it just five million dollars? We’re buying it!”
“Miss, I love your attitude! I will get someone to bring over the Luminiath Root right away!” The shop owner smiled from ear to ear as he signaled the man behind him.
The man immediately understood and ran upstairs.
After a while, he came back and presented a big wooden box.
“Inside is the Luminianth Root. Miss, will you be paying by card or cash?” The shop owner grinned, pleased with the transaction.
“Card.”
Julie said without any remorse, “Go ahead, Aunt Florence.”
The corner of Florence’s lips twitched as she painfully reached into her bag for a card.
As they were finishing up the transaction, a woman’s voice yelled from outside.
“Wait! That Luminianth Root is ours!”
Everyone looked towards the voice, and immediately, a man and woman walked into the shop.
It was Dustin and Ruth.
###Chapter 121 by Marina Vittori
“Why are you here?” Dahlia was surprised to see Dustin. When she saw the pretty lady standing beside him, she couldn’t help but frown. Her heart clenched in jealousy.
“Was Natasha not enough for him? He still wanted more women?” Dahlia wondered to herself.
“Men are all playboys after all!” She concluded in her mind.
“Dustin, you guys know each other?” Ruth looked between the two of them, feeling a little awkward.
“We do. She’s the president of Quine Group, Miss Dahlia.” Dustin explained.
“So it’s her!” Ruth’s gaze immediately turned hostile.
This woman in front of her was her sister’s greatest love rival. She certainly has to keep an eye on her. She must not let the two of them rekindle their love!
“Humph! How do we keep running into each other? How unlucky of us!” Florence’s face was full of contempt.”
“Dustin! How impressive! I can’t believe you got another girl with you so soon! You really are a gigolo!” James mocked. At the same time, he was envious of him.
“Damn it! I’m much more incredible and yet I still don’t have a girlfriend. And yet, this piece of trash changes his girls every time I meet him. First, it was the queen of business, Natasha. Now he has this new pretty girl! The world is so unfair!” James thought to himself.
“Oi! Was it the two of you making a ruckus?!” Julie scanned Dustin and Ruth, looking annoyed.
“It was me.”
Ruth stepped forward and chirped, “Boss, This Lumianth Root is ours. Name a price.”
“Humph! Do you think it’s yours if you say so? Who do you think you are?”
Julie said in an unfriendly tone, “Let me tell you, I already paid five million dollars for this Lumianth Root!”
“Pretty lady, we need this Luminianth Root urgently. I hope you can do us a favor.” Ruth asked kindly.
“Who are you to be asking me for a favor? Scram!” Julie was stubborn and ruthless.
“Hm? Boss, she offered five million dollars, right? I’ll give you eight million dollars!” Ruth frowned and declared boldly.
“Eight million dollars?!”
Everyone was shocked at the number. Especially the shop owner. His eyes were sparkling with excitement.
The other customers were also watching the scene, amused.
“Hey! What are you doing? You’re picking a fight on purpose, aren’t you?!” Julie’s face darkened.
“This precious treasure deserves such a high price. Do you have a problem with that?” Ruth was only doing what she thought was right.
1/2
CS CamScanner
Chapter 121
“Bitch! You want to play this game? Fine! I’ll pay ten million dollars!” Julie yelled.
Florence’s face turned as pale as a ghost as she heard that.
Five million dollars was already her limit. Ten million dollars would cost more than her fortune.
Without hesitation, Ruth replied, “I’ll pay 12 million dollars then.”
“15 million dollars! End this deal now! Boss! You know the first come first serve policy. This Luminianth Root
is already mine. If you dare to sell it to someone else, I’ll destroy this shop of yours!” Julie roared and snatched the wooden box before everyone could say a word.
“Alright, alright. Luminianth Root is yours!” The shop owner agreed reluctantly. But the truth was, he was extremely happy.
“Boss, why are you selling it to her? I can give you 12 million dollars!” Ruth was not pleased with the outcome.
“It’s not about the money. Business is about credibility. This lady ordered the Luminianth Root first, so it should be hers.” The shop owner played along with Julie.
“Did you hear that? So what if you have money? What’s mine is mine, you can’t take it from me!“Julie smiled joyfully as if she had won a battle.
On the other hand, Florence who was standing behind Julie was devastated.
15 million dollars!
She was going to be broke!
###Chapter 122 by Marina Vittori
Seeing Julie’s joyful face, Ruth clenched her teeth and held back her anger.
“Pretty lady, I really need this Luminianth Root. Can’t you just sell it to me? I’ll pay you 20 million!” Ruth tried her best to rein in her emotions.
“So what if you have money? You want my Luminianth Root? Dream on!” Julle hugged the wooden box closer to her body, looking proud of herself.
“You-!”
Ruth was at her limit. She had never been treated like this before ever since a young age.
In the end, she gave up. “Dustin! I don’t care anymore! You handle it yourself!”
Looking at the situation, Dustin could only ask, “Julie, what are you planning to use the Luminianth Root for?”
“That’s none of your damn business!”
Julie glared at him and declared firmly. “Listen up you guys, I will never sell the Luminianth Root to you guys
no matter what you say!”
“That is a huge Luminianth Root. You won’t be able to finish it if you’re planning to use it as a medicine-”
Before Dustin could finish, Julie interrupted rudely. “Shut up! So what if I can’t finish using it? Even if I waste it and have no use for it, I will never sell it to you guys!”
Dustin frowned at her words. He never imagined her to be so unreasonable and petty.
“Boss! Card!” Julie snatched the card from Florence’s hand and passed it to the shop owner swiftly.
No matter what, she wouldn’t go back on her words!
“Julie! Well, 15 million dollars is too much, don’t you think?” Florence’s legs almost gave away.
That was her entire fortune!
“Aunt Florence, it’s just 15 million dollars. It’s nothing. When I earn money, I’ll double it and give it back to you!” Julie promised confidently.
The corner of Florence’s lips twitched as she heard that.
“Don’t know how many blue moons it would take for you to earn that huge amount of money.” Florence
thought to herself.
After the transaction was done, Julie was in high spirits. She mocked Ruth and Dustin, “You guys haven’t seen anything precious like this, have you? I’ll be kind and let you guys see it for the first time!”
After finishing her sentence, she immediately opened the wooden box.
Everyone peeked into the box, and the only thing they could see was a Luminianth Root that was the size of a palm.
1/2
CS CamScanner
Chapter 122
The Luminianth Root was dark greyish. Its flesh was scrawny and wilted. It looked dry and had no signs of life.
Upon contact, the root crumbles into powder. A piece of its surface falls out.
“Huh?”
Julie frowned and asked, “Boss, are you sure this is Luminianth Root? Why does it look so suspicious?”
The item in front of her was way different from what she had expected.
“Of course! I harvested this Luminianth Root myself yesterday! It’s definitely the real thing!” The shop owner
grinned.
“Why does it look like it’s dead?” Julie was suspicious.
“Boss! Did you just scam us by selling us a fake Luminianth Root?” Florence was shocked and worried.
“How could I?”
The shop owner smiled meekly. “This Luminianth Root is definitely real. It’s just a little ugly, but it is still the
real deal”
“Boss, that isn’t ethical of you.”
Dahlia looked at the Luminianth Root and pointed out “It is a Luminianth Root, but this one is obviously wilted. There’s no sign of life at all. It’s the same as a piece of wood. How could you sell it for such a high price?
“What? A piece of wood?!”
Florence and Julie were shocked to the core when they heard this.
No wonder it didn’t look right. It was a defective product.
“Damn you fatty! You lied to us! Hurry and give our money back!” Florence roared, her face red from anger.
“That’s right! Hurry up and give us a refund!”
After coming back to her senses, Julie chimed in.
Did he really think he could scam her 15 million dollars for a piece of trash?!
###Chapter 123 by Marina Vittori
“Look here, we’ve laid out our terms clearly. You were the ones who insisted on buying it. I didn’t force you guys at all.” The shop owner said indifferently.
“Stop the crap! I don’t want this Luminianth Root anymore. Hurry up and give me a refund!” Julle grabbed the man by his collar and roared.
“What? Are you trying to stir up trouble in my shop?”
The shop owner’s expression did not falter, and he quickly clapped his hands once.
Soon, a group of brawny men came out from the room behind.
Seeing the fierce looks on their face, Julie and the rest were immediately stunned and silent.
“Are you guys tired of living? How dare you stir up trouble in Mr. Walter’s shop?”
“Anyone could tell that they’re brainless, they have no clue about the rules here.”
“Exactly! They don’t even check the item before raising their bid. Doesn’t that say something about their stupidity?”
The crowd started gossiping.
“What? You think that I’m scared because you have a few men?”
Florence glared at him, putting up a brave front as she threatened, “You son of a bitch! I’m warning you, you
better give me a refund right now or I’ll sue you for fraud!”
“Go ahead, sue me as you please.” Mr. Walter remained unfazed by her threats.
“I really did sell you a Luminianth Root. No matter where you ask, this is what you get. As for the price, you were the ones who added it. It has nothing to do with me. There’s no use in suing me!”
“You-!” Florence clenched her teeth. She didn’t dare to lift a finger because of the men.
“You fat bastard! Why didn’t you mention anything about the Luminianth Root being defective?” Julie said,
pissed at the turn of events.
“Before you paid, I already passed the Luminianth Root to you. Now, you’re blaming me because you didn’t open and check it yourself?” Mr. Walter retorted assertively.
Julie’s blood started to boil at his statement. However, there was nothing she could do.
Although she wasn’t the one who paid for it, the feeling of being scammed was still frustrating.
“Hahaha! 15 million for a piece of wood! That’s hilarious!” Ruth mocked without remorse.
Now she finally had the chance to pay them back for making fun of her.
“Mind your own business!” Julie barked.
“Actually, now that I think about it, I should thank you for not selling it to me. Otherwise, I would’ve been the
CS CamScanner
Chapter 123
one who’s scammed!” Ruth laughed.
“You–you!!”
Julie was fuming, steam was coming out of her ears and her face flushed red in anger.
One could almost see the daggers in her eyes.
“Miss, didn’t you say you want to buy Luminianth Root? We’ll sell it to you. Just give us 20 million dollars.” Florence looked as if she’d seen an angel She immediately brought the Luminianth Root to Ruth.
“Do you think I’m stupid? Are you really asking 20 million for a piece of trash?” Ruth mocked.
Although she was rich, she wasn’t stupid.
A wilted Luminianth Root had no use for medicine.
“If you think that’s expensive, then I’ll lower the price for you. Is 15 million okay?” Florence begged once again.
Right now, she only hoped to sell it out as fast as possible. Otherwise…
“No.” Ruth refused firmly.
“10 million! 10 million is good, right? We’re already making a loss here!” Florence begged frantically, and sweat started to form on her face.
“Do you think this thing is still worth 10 million dollars?” Ruth asked, looking at Florence as if she was crazy.
“Five million! Just five million dollars!”
Florence was on the verge of tears. Her eyes darted around the room. “Anyone, please! Will someone be generous enough to buy it for five million dollars?!”
Right now, she could not ask for the original price. She could only hope for minimizing her loss.
“Stop wasting your energy. Only an idiot would buy this piece of trash!” Ruth pursed her lips.
Right after she finished her sentence, a voice rang from behind.
“I’ll buy it for five million dollars.”
###Chapter 124 by Marina Vittori
“I’ll buy it for five million dollars.” Dustin’s voice captured several customers‘ attention. They all looked at him as if he had grown another head.
Anyone who’s in the right mind would be able to tell that this Luminianth Root was defective. Only an idiot would buy a Luminianth Root in that condition.
“Dustin, have you lost your mind? Why are you spending five million for a piece of trash?” Ruth was shocked.
Although it wasn’t a lot of money for her, it was still a dumb decision.
“You, you really want to buy it?” Florence could not believe it.
“What? Do you not want to sell it?” Dustin asked.
“I’ll sell it! Of course, I’ll sell it!”
Florence nodded her head repeatedly as a smile bloomed on her face.
Although she still made a loss for selling it for five million dollars, it was still better than nothing.
“Dustin, this Luminianth Root is obviously useless. Are you sure you want to buy it?” Dahlia asked in surprise.
“Oh, silly! What are you talking about? This Luminianth Root is a precious gem!” Florence was taken aback.
She finally got a chance to sell it out. How could Dahlia suddenly sabotage her?
“What if he changed his mind?” Florence was worried.
Dustin nodded. “Of course, I’ll buy it. At least I think it’s very useful.”
“Yes, of course! This is a precious Luminianth Root, the rarest you can find in the world! You’re definitely getting all your money’s worth for five million dollars!” Florence pitched frantically. It was as if she’d met her
saving grace
“Dustin! Five million dollars is not a small amount! Do you even have that much money?” James questioned.
“I don’t, but she does.”
Dustin pointed towards Ruth who was standing beside him.
“Me?” Ruth was stunned. She rolled her eyes.
“I won’t do such a dumb thing!”
“Can you take it as me borrowing your money? This is extremely important to me.” Dustin asked earnestly.
“Alright, alright! I give in. Here, take your five million dollars. You better remember this as a lesson.” Ruth
couldn’t refuse.
After all, five million dollars was not a lot for her.
In the end, they managed to secure a trade.
+
After receiving the money. Julie couldn’t help but laugh. “Dustin! You really are dumber than I thought! The
CS CamScanner
Chapter 124
Luminianth Root was obviously defective and yet you still insisted on buying it! I praise you for your courage!”
“Thankfully there’s an idiot to fall for it, otherwise we’d make such a great loss!” Florence gloated.
“Five million for a piece of trash, how amazing!” James laughed mockingly as he shook his head, enjoying the
show.
“How would you guys know that this is a piece of trash?” Dustin remained unfazed.
“Are you blind? Can’t you see? It’s wilted! If it’s not trash then what is it?” Julie mocked.
“That’s only what you think. In my eyes, it’s a priceless treasure.” Dustin smiled.
“Priceless treasure? Looks like you’re not just blind, you’re brain–dead! You think a piece of trash is a priceless treasure! I can’t believe those words just came out of your mouth!” Julie started laughing
uncontrollably.
“How dumb and clueless can you be!” James pursed his lips.
“Have you guys thought about why this Luminianth Root wilted?” Dustin said with a smirk.
“What?”
Everyone was shocked.
“Why?”
Ruth was curious.
Dustin smiled. Instead of replying, he took the Luminianth Root in his hand and slammed it onto the ground.
With a loud “Thunk!“, the Luminianth Root shattered to pieces.
“Dustin! Have you lost your mind?!” Ruth was shocked to the core.
Dustin just shattered the thing that they bought for five million dollars!
“Has he really lost his mind?” She wondered, clearly in disbelief.
“Even if you’re rich, you shouldn’t trash like that!” She thought.
“He’s brain–dead after all!” Julle laughed louder.
###Chapter 125 by Marina Vittori
“You’re hopeless.” James thought he was looking at an idiot. “What on earth are you up to?” Dahlia also frowned at the scene.
She really could not understand his outrageous behavior. Ignoring the crowd’s gazes, Dustin reached down to the shattered Luminianth Root and started to search for something.
Soon, a crimson red, finger–sized Luminianth Root appeared. This small and delicate Luminianth Root was red as blood. It was even emanating an odd smell.
One could tell that it was no ordinary item.
“That’s odd, how could there be a smaller Luminianth Root?” Ruth was confused.
“Is it possible for Luminianth Root to give birth?”
At that moment, Mr. Walter seemed to realize something and exclaimed. “No–no way! Could it be—that’s a Blood Luminianth Root?!”
Everyone in the room went wild at his statement.
“What? Blood Luminianth Root? Mr. Walter, you’re not kidding, are you?!”
“That’s right. I’ve seen it in a book, this is truly a Blood Luminianth Root!”
“Oh my God! I can’t believe that I get to see a Blood Luminianth Root with my own eyes! How exciting!”
The crowd broke into a discussion.
Some were surprised, others were envious.
“Wait! What’s a Blood Luminianth Root?” Ruth looked around, not understanding what was going on.
“Blood Luminianth Root is also one of the Luminianth Root variants. However, it is more precious and rarer than a normal Luminianth Root! You could say that it’s the King of Luminianth Roots! It is an invaluable treasure!” Mr. Walter gulped, looking elated.
“Invaluable treasure? Then how much would it cost?” Ruth asked out of curiosity.
“Blood Lurninianth Root is extremely valuable. If I were to auction it, it would cost more than ten billion dollars!” The words from Mr. Walter’s mouth shocked everyone in the room.
“What? Ten billion?!”
Everyone could not believe what he just said.
This was an amount that none of them could afford even if they had sold all their possessions!
“How–how could it be? This tiny thing is worth ten billion dollars?” Florence’s eyes widened in disbelief.
“Ten billion is just the reserve price. If it were really to be auctioned, it might even be higher!” Mr. Walter
exclaimed.
His words drained the last bit of color from Florence’s face.
This Blood Luminianth Root was hers. Yet, she sold it out for five million dollars. From ten billion to five million. dollars…
The difference was just too big!
“How could this happen? No! This can’t be!”
At that moment, Julie and the rest were in shock, unable to accept the situation.
Who would’ve thought that a Blood Luminianth Root could be found inside a wilted Luminianth Root?
“Dustin, my man! I can’t believe you’re so lucky! You managed to discover a Blood Luminianth Root. These five million dollars were well spent!” Ruth burst out laughing.
Even for someone like her, she had never seen anything that was worth ten billion dollars.
“You! Thanks for your sacrifice, otherwise we wouldn’t have been able to get our hands on such a valuable treasure. To be fair, this was supposed to be yours. What a shame, you guys weren’t able to recognize the value of it. Thanks to your losses, we’re able to get it for such a cheap price! Ten billion dollars! How wonderful!” Ruth shook her head and sighed.
Her words pierced into their hearts.
Julie and Florence turned red in anger, looking as if they had fallen into a pool of mud.
That was a treasure worth ten billion dollars!
Because of a small mistake, they gave it away to them.
They were really down on their luck!
###Chapter 126 by Marina Vittori
“This fellow really hit the jackpot! I can’t believe he really found a Blood Luminianth Root!”
“I know right? With a treasure like that, he won’t have to worry for the rest of his life!”
“Damn it! If I knew there was a treasure hiding in that piece of wood, I would’ve bought it myself!”
With the Blood Luminianth Root’s debut, the onlookers immediately started talking.
All of them looked at Dustin with a gaze full of envy.
“Fuck! This guy really struck gold!” James clenched his teeth, eyes filled with rage.
“That’s odd, how did he know that there was a treasure hiding inside? Dahlia was more puzzled than shocked.
Everyone had no clue, even Mr. Walter.
And yet, Dustin managed to notice.
“Is it really luck? Or was there another reason?” She wondered.
“Dustin, we really won big this time! But, how did you guess that a Blood Luminianth Root was hiding in there?”
Ruth asked the question that was on everyone’s minds.
“To be honest, I wasn’t sure as well. It was purely a guess.” Dustin said humbly.
“A guess? You’re saying that you had no idea there was a Blood Luminianth Root inside? And you still used
five million dollars to gamble?” Ruth was a little stunned.
“You can put it that way.” Dustin nodded.
“I really don’t know whether to call you stupid or lucky.” Ruth gave him an incredulous look.
“I admit that it was indeed a big gamble, but my bet was right. When something goes wrong, there is usually a good reason behind it. There must be a reason for a long–living Luminianth Root to wilt. I read about
something similar from a book before.” Dustin smiled faintly.
“You’re a genius! You really enlightened me today!” Ruth gave him a thumbs up.
Her respect for him immediately grew tenfold.
“Wait! This Blood Luminianth Root is mine!” Florence suddenly exclaimed.
She reached out to snatch the root but luckily was stopped by Ruth. “Hey! What are you doing?!”
“I’m not selling it! I’ll return your five million dollars. I’m not selling this Blood Luminianth Root anymore!” Florence was in a panic.
This was worth ten billion dollars. How could she give it to someone else so easily?
“That’s right! We’re not selling it anymore! Give it back to us!”
After coming back to her senses, Julle chimed in.
Chapter 126
Everyone could not help but frown at their unreasonable behavior.
“Oi! Are you guys that shameless? The deal is done. Now you want to back out? No way!” Ruth blocked them from the Blood Luminianth Root, her expression fierce.
She had never seen such shameless people. They were laughing when they thought they had scammed Dustin. Now that they know they made a loss, they’re using all kinds of methods to get it back.
How disgusting!
“I don’t care! This Blood Luminianth Root is mine. You must return it to me today!” Florence exploded in anger.
It was like a child throwing a tantrum,
“Dustin! I’m warning you, you better give us back the Blood Luminianth Root! Otherwise, I won’t hold back on
you!” Julie glared at him with daggers in her eyes.
An invaluable treasure like this was enough to make them lose their minds.
“You were the ones who sold it voluntarily. We also handed over the money. Now that I discovered a treasure inside, you’re backing out? Do you think we’d really give it back to you?” Dustin brushed them off coldly.
“Stop the nonsense! If you weren’t so despicable and scammed us our Blood Luminianth Root, did you think
we’d sell it to you?” Florence roared in anger.
“Exactly! You clearly knew there was a Blood Luminianth Root inside. Why didn’t you tell us? You purposely
scammed us!” Julie said.
Hearing this, Dustin could only laugh. He was looking at two clowns.
“First of all, I didn’t know there was a Blood Luminianth Root in there. It was just a guess. Secondly. So what if
I know there was a treasure inside? Why do I need to tell you guys? Also, you guys were the ones who harbored bad intentions and tried to scam someone else. Otherwise, why would you sell it to me? So, all in all, you guys brought this upon yourself!” Dustin said calmly.
Everyone nodded and agreed with what he said.
“Well said! This guy earned the treasure fair and square. He earned it with his talent!”
“When you scammed them, why didn’t you back out then? Now that you know you made a loss, you’re being
shameless!”
“That’s right! If you were to follow their dumb logic, wouldn’t the Blood Luminianth Root belong to Mr. Walter?”
The onlookers started to express their disdain.
“You–you all are ganging up on us, aren’t you? You scoundrels, I’ll kill you!” Florence yelled, ready to strike a
hit.
“Enough! You’ve made a loss! What’s the point of spilling your guts here? Are you not shameful enough?!”
Dahlia yelled at Florence.
“Dahlia, you…” Florence was stunned.
“What are you standing there for? Go!” Dahlia sald angrily, her face contorted in frustration,
Lilacier
“Mom, we’re definitely not getting back the treasure now. Let’s go home and figure out another way.” Before
the situation turned sour, James hurriedly convinced his mom.
His sister rarely gets angry, but once she does, no one will be spared.
“Dustin! I’m not done with you!” Florence also didn’t dare to act out. After giving Dustin a fierce glare, she left the room unwillingly.
“Humph! So what if you guys got a Blood Luminianth Root? A guy like you wouldn’t live long enough to use it!” Knowing that they lost, Julie left him a curse before leaving.
“Bleh, bleh, bleh!” Ruth mocked as they left.
“Dustin, those who possess treasures will attract the attention of robbers. Having a treasure like this is not an easy job. You should be careful” Dahlia’s gaze lingered on him for a few moments before leaving.
Because of that, Ruth’s senses were tingling. “Dustin, that gaze of hers was a bit weird. Are you guys still not
over each other?”
“What nonsense are you on about?” Dustin rolled his eyes.
“Hey! Don’t say that I didn’t warn you, but you must keep yourself together. Don’t give in to her temptations!” Ruth warned with narrowed eyes. She clenched her teeth, showing her two canines that seemed threatening.
“Rue, what on earth is going on in that little head of yours? Now that we’ve got the Luminianth Root, let’s head home!” Dustin lightly knocked on her head.
###Chapter 127 by Marina Vittori
The night passed by peacefully. Natasha enjoyed her cup of coffee at Java Joys as she flipped through pages of documents. She looked worn out after staying up the entire night.
“Natasha!” Just then, Quentin and Mr. Wangley stormed in through the door. “What is it?” Natasha couldn’t even be bothered to spare them a glance. She continued to flip through the documents.
Bang! A wooden box was rudely slammed on the table.
It opened up to reveal a single white pill in it.
“Check this out. Natasha. Do you know what it is?” Quentin pointed at the pill, and his tone was unmistakably demanding
“How would I know? You tell me.” She sat up lazily.
“Hah! You can’t even recognize the Eternumax?” Quentin looked unimpressed.
“So this is Eternumax. Well, what about it?” Natasha asked, not too concerned.
“What about it?! You have the gall to ask me what about it? I bought this Eternumax from the Hummers! They’ve managed to manufacture it! Are you aware of that?” Quentin raised his voice.
“Oh? So what? Isn’t it only a matter of time?” Natasha couldn’t be any calmer.
“What is this attitude you’re showing? Do you not see the severity of the issue at hand? The Eternumax that the Hummers produced have shown phenomenal results, and many of the rich and powerful have already put in their orders. Its price has sky–rocketed, and they’re now worth a whopping 500 grand per pill!” Quentin
looked exasperated.
“Oh? So?” Still Natasha was unfazed.
“An is valued in proportion to its rarity. Eternumax is monopolizing the market right now because there are no other medications that can compete with it yet. But once the Hummers start producing it, we will be severely affected!” Quentin rapped sharply on the table.
“What exactly are you saying?” Natasha countered.
“You are now left with two choices. You either develop the Eternumax as soon as possible, or you will have to
collaborate with Edwin Hummer!” Quentin announced decisively.
“Our research findings on the Eternumax have been stolen. It’s too late to start over from scratch. As for working with Edwin Hummer, that’s impossible.” Natasha relused flat out.
“You disagree with both options. But you don’t have a solution to solve the situation, don’t you? The family
puts such importance on you, and this is how you repay us?” Quentin questioned aggressively.
“I have my way of dealing with it. You don’t have to worry.” Natasha was still undisturbed.
“This has to do with the gains of the family. I will not allow you to mess around! If you do not come up with a satisfactory solution in three days, do not blame me for reporting you to the board!” Quentin declared justly.
“Do as you wish.” Natasha shrugged nonchalantly.
“Fine! Just you wait!” Quentin scoffed before he turned to leave.
From how he saw it, Natasha was bound to lose this time around.
Once she messes up, the family will need a scapegoat to pin the blame on, and he would have an excuse to force her to back out.
Not long after Quentin left, Ruth came running in.
“We did it! We did it!” Ruth exclaimed as she ran in, looking for Natasha with excitement.
“Did what?” Natasha looked up, bewildered.
“The Immortunol! Dustin managed to produce the Immortunol!”
Ruth pulled out a little bottle as she spoke and poured out a green pill from it.
The pill was bright and clear, with a sort of luster to it.
It even has a slight fragrance.
“Oh? This is Immortunol?”
Natasha looked astonished.
Appearance–wise, the pill looked really attractive, akin to a pearl.
“It tastes really good too! Would you like to give it a taste?” Ruth gushed, as though showing off a precious
treasure.
“It tastes good? Do you think this is some kind of snack?”
Natasha did not know what to make of her sister’s comment. But still, she picked up the Immortunol and
popped it in.
It dissolved instantly, and a cool sensation flowed through her body as she swallowed it.
A tingly sensation came over her, and she felt rejuvenated. All of her exhaustion seemed to have dissipated on
the spot.
She was refreshed and energized right away!
“Immortunol is amazing indeed!” Natasha could not contain her awe.
She was really in disbelief at how it was able to exhibit such palpable effects immediately.
“Sis! Your face! You look like you’ve aged backward! Your complexion looks much brighter tool” Ruth cried out
in surprise beside her.
“What are you blabbering about? That’s impossible!” Natasha rolled her eyes, obviously not buying what Ruth had just said.
“It’s true! Take a look in the mirror if you don’t believe me!” She took out a compact mirror and passed it to her sister,
“What?” One look in the mirror was all it took to give Natasha a shock.
She found that after ingesting the Immortunol, her complexion had improved.
Even the dark circles under her eyes, a result of her staying up the whole night, had disappeared too.
Her skin’s texture felt like she had just applied a mask to it, bright and hydrated.
“My goodness! This is miraculous!”
She was in utter disbelief as she touched her face.
One Immortunol made her feel so rejuvenated, removed the dark circles under her eyes, and primed up her skin, making her look much more alluring.
Its beautifying effects were a game–changer!
“How is it? I wasn’t lying, was I?” Ruth looked very pleased with it.
She had been busying herself with assisting Dustin ever since they got their hands on the Blood Luminianth Root the day before..
So she played a part in the production of Immortunol, at least that was what she believed.
“It’s great, isn’t it!” She was momentarily lost in her thoughts before breaking out into a grin. 1
Frankly speaking, she had not held high hopes for them being able to produce the Immortunol. But Dustin had proved her wrong yet again.
He was truly their lucky star!
“Sis, Immortunol does not only give superb effects, but its production cost is also much lower than Eternumax. We spent 5 million dollars on the Blood Luminianth Root, which Dustin diluted with water, and now, that can last us years!” Ruth’s statement was incredible news.
“Really? That’s wonderful!” Natasha’s spirits were lifted.
Based on what she had just experienced, she was sure that the Immortinol’s effects far surpassed that of the Eternumax.
Furthermore, if they could control its production cost, that would be a breakthrough!
It would not be an exaggeration to say that once Immortinol was out on the market, it would bring Eternumax down to its knees.
“Ruth, we need to keep Immortinol a secret.”
“Why?”
“Edwin will be having a press release for the launching of Eternumax in a few days. We have to take him by surprise and hit him where it hurts. It’ll give him a huge shock in front of the press!”
###Chapter 128 by Marina Vittori
Over at the Nicholsons‘ that afternoon. “Dahlia, are you going to Miss Hummer’s birthday party this evening? Can you bring me along?” James asked
excitedly when he saw the invitation on the table. She was, after all, the daughter of Edwin Hummer, the richest man in the country. It would be beneficial to
make acquaintances with such a person.
“I will be attending the birthday party, but the invitation is limited to two persons only. Julie has already called dibs on it.” Dahlia cast a damp over James‘ enthusiasm.
“Her?” Displeased, James turned to look at Julie, who was on the couch applying makeup to her face.
“Dahlia, I’m your brother! How could you bring her, and not me?” He grumbled.
At that, Julie shot him a glare and said condescendingly, “And what can you do there? Everyone attending the party tonight will be people of status and elites. Wouldn’t a high school dropout like you just embarrass
yourself showing up there?”
“Hey, what’s that supposed to mean? Do you think that you’re all that great?” James was irked.
“Better than you, at least.” Julie wasn’t one to back off easily.
“You!”
James was just about to burst into a fit of anger when Florence stopped him just in time. “That’s enough. Julie’s our quest, you should play nice. I think it’d be a good opportunity for her to make good connections at the party this evening since she’s fresh out of college. Let her go with Dahlia.”
“Do you hear that? If I manage to befriend Miss Hummer, I’d be on the highway to success! When the time comes, I’ll make sure you benefit from it too!” Julie said with her head held high.
“Hah! You? I’d be better off relying on mysel!!”
James plopped down on the couch, obviously feeling indignant.
Ever since Julie came, all the attention had been shifted to her. He felt that he was now out of favor.
“Ah, right, Dahlia, I nearly forgot.”
Florence seemed to recall something as she rummaged around in her bag. In the end, she pulled out an Intricate jewelry box.
“This is a present that Matt gifted you two days ago. Since you’re attending the party today, I think you can
put this to good use. Have a look.”
As she spoke, she opened up the jewelry box. There was a pair of ruby earrings in it..
The earrings were exquisite and delicate. They were dazzling under the light’s Illumination.
“Wow! It’s spectacular!‘
1/3
Julie’s eyes lit up as she scrambled to get up. She pulled the jewelry box over for a better look at the earrings. Aunt Florence, such gorgeous earrings must cost a bomb, won’t they?”
“I heard Matt mention that these are Pandarum earrings, and they are custom–made. This is the only pair in the whole of Swinton. It costs millions, Florence announced proudly.
“Is that so? As expected, only the best from Matt!”
Julie beamed as she picked up one of the earrings and put it on. “Aunt Florence, how does it look on me?”
“You’re a born beauty, Julie. Of course, it looks magnificent on you,” Florence answered.
“Hehe! Well, thank you then, Aunt Florence!”
Julie brazenly took the other earring and put it on too. It was evident that she was about to take it as her own.
Her actions gave Florence quite a shock. “Julie, this is your cousin’s gift from Matt. It wouldn’t be too nice for you to wear it tonight.” Florence chuckled awkwardly.
“What’s wrong with me wearing it? I’m just borrowing it for the night, it’s not like I’m not going to give it back.” Julie snapped bluntly.
“But”
Florence was about to counter what she just said, but Julie cut her off. “Aunt Florence, we’re relatives. You can’t be so petty, can you?”
“Julie Amberson! These are my sister’s earrings! What rights do you have to wear them?” James finally could not take it any longer.
She said that she was just borrowing them, but the fact was, she had never once returned the items she
borrowed!
This was plain robbery!
“Hey! Why are you shouting at me? Isn’t it just a pair of earrings? Aren’t you just being selfish?” Julie slammed her hand on the table aggressively.
“I’m selfish? Do you have any idea how greedy you look right now? Do you have no shame?” James bellowed.
“How dare you scold me? Aunt Florence! Did you hear what James said? I can leave if I’m not welcome here!” Julie flared up.
And with that, she turned to leave.
But before she could even take her first step, Florence pulled her back. “What are you doing, Julie? Of course, you’re welcome here! Aren’t they just a pair of earrings? I’ll lend them to you!”
“Mom! You-!”
“Shut it!”
Florence whipped around and shot him a glare. “You’re her older cousin! Why do you keep picking fights with her? Can’t you be more generous?”
2/3
“Fine! Keep siding with her then. See if I care!” James was so angry that he stormed out and slammed the
door.
Dahlia frowned. It wasn’t the earrings that she was concerned about, but Julie’s domineering attitude did not sit well with her.
“Dahlia, you do not mind me wearing your earrings, do you?” Julie smiled as she touched the earrings gently.
“It’s up to you.” Dahlia could not be bothered to continue speaking to her.
To begin with, she was not comfortable with Matt’s gift to her.
“Hehe! Thank you, Dahlia.” Julie beamed brightly as she continued applying her makeup.
That evening at Kingdom Hotel, a black Mercedes–Benz rolled up to the main entrance.
The door opened, and Dahlia and Julie got out of the car.
Dahlia dressed down for the occasion in a black dress and black heels. She kept her accessories simple too.
Julie, on the other hand, went all out and dressed herself up, almost looking like a peacock.
She had jewelry from head to toe and looked dazzling under the lights.
To further accentuate the million–dollar pair of ruby earrings, she even did her hair up in a chignon.
She was out to be in the limelight.
“Wow! What a stunning lady! She looks like a celebrity!”
“I think she looks even more attractive than any celebrity out there! Her looks and elegance are other–worldly.”
When the both of them got out of the car, a bunch of guests at the entrance turned to look at them. However,
most of their attention was on Dahlia.
Despite Julie’s showy appearance, she did not receive much attention
After all, it was clear that Dahlia was far superior to her in all aspects, from looks to figures. Julie’s
extravagant outfit alone was not enough to make up for what she lacked.
“Hmph!” She was not pleased.
She had made every preparation she could think of for the birthday party that evening, and she had expected to impress everyone with her beauty.
It had never occurred to her that Dahlia’s presence would steal all the attention.
“These men are so blind! How could a woman who had been married before compare to me?” She thought.
###Chapter 129 by Marina Vittori
“Dahlia, you can head up first. I’m waiting for a friend here.” Julie made up an excuse to send Dahlia away once they entered the hotel lobby.
She was well aware that with Dahlia around, she would never get the attention she yearned for.
How would she make acquaintances with the rich and famous then? How would she get to know rich, eligible men?
“Okay, I’ll be waiting for you at the banquet hall.” Without giving it much thought, Dahlia took the elevator up to the banquet hall.
With Dahlia gone, Julie quickly became the center of attention. She deliberately walked around the lobby and flaunted coquettishly, attracting much attention.
Some men approached her in an attempt to strike up a conversation, but she rejected them all, playing hard to get.
“Hey, you’ve got such lovely earrings! May I know where you bought them from?”
“Yes, that’s true! I’ve never seen such exquisite carrings before!”
“These rubies are huge! They must have cost you a lot!”
Soon, not only the men came up to her, but even the ladies flocked over to ask her about the earrings. As usual women could not resist jewelry.
“These ruby earrings are from Pandarum. My boyfriend gave them to me. These are uniquely custom–made, and they are the only pair out there. As for the price, they were not too expensive. Just a million or two.” Julie pretended to be unconcerned about their price and smiled.
Though her words sounded humble, arrogance was evident on her face.
“A million or two, and you say it’s not expensive? Seems like you’re not the average Tom, Dick, and Harry!”
“How fortunate you are to have a boyfriend who gives you such precious earrings!”
“From how I see it, it’s not the price that matters, but the sincerity behind it! It’s custom–made and unique! That’s so sweet! How I envy you!”
The group of women chattered away praising Julie.
That fueled Julie’s vanity, pleasing her to no end. She really enjoyed being the center of attention and being.
praised by others.
Right then, a Rolls–Royce Phantom pulled up at the door.
The car door opened and out stepped an alluring woman with delicate leatures and long, flowing hair. She
came walking in like a celebrity among a group of adoring fans.
“Miss Hummer?!”
The lady’s appearance garnered a lot of attention and a commotion started both inside and outside the lobby.
7/3
Chapter 129
The crowd that had surrounded Julie immediately dispersed and flocked over to Tina, ready to flatter her.
She was, after all, the star of the day. Edwin Hummer’s daughter, Tina Hummer!
Julie had intended to go over and welcome her too, but as there were too many people surrounding Tina, she
did not do so.
She knew that going along with what everyone was doing would not make her stand out, and she needed to stand out to make Miss Hummer notice her.
At the thought of that, she intentionally stood at the entrance and tried her best to show off the biggest asset she had on her at the moment, which happened to be the pair of ruby earrings.
That was the first step to forming a connection with Miss Hummer. She refused to believe that there was any
woman on earth who could resist the temptation of such irresistible jewelry.
As Julie predicted, Tina stopped in front of her when she reached the entrance, with the crowd still around her.
Her gaze was fixed on Julie.
Julie suppressed her excitement and walked up to Tina to introduce herself when she saw that the timing was
right. “Hello, Miss Hummer. I am Julie Amberson. Pleased to make your acquaintance.”
She stretched her hand out for a handshake. But Tina ignored her outstretched hand and stared unwaveringly
at her earrings.
“Those ruby earrings, where did you get them from?” she asked icily.
“My boyfriend gave them to me. These are custom–made Pandarums, you won’t be able to find a similar pair
out there. But of course, Miss Hummer, if you fancy them, I can give them to you.” Julie was secretly delighted.
“Even the daughter of the wealthiest man can’t resist these earrings,” she thought to herself.
“Boyfriend?”
Tina’s expression clouded over. “Is it Matt Laney?”
The reason why she asked was that she had received the exact same pair of ruby earrings from Matt as her
birthday gift not too long ago.
“Oh! Do you know Matt too, Miss Hummer? In that case, we’re friends too!” Julie’s eyes lit up.
Who knew that a pair of earrings would be the key to her success?
“Who’s your friend? Bitch!”
Tina glared at Julie and struck her across the face.
Smack! A loud, crisp sound was heard.
Julie was at a loss as she held her cheek in her hand. “Miss Hummer, wh–why did you hit me?”
“What is your relationship with Matt Laney? You better come clean. If you hide anything from me, I’ll make
sure you won’t live to see the next sunrise!” Tina’s expression made it clear that she meant every word she
said.
2/3
Chapter 120
She would not let other women mess with what was hers.
“Miss Hummer, I think you’re mistaken. Matt and I are just regular friends, nothing more than that!” Julie
started to fluster.
She did not know what had happened, but it was obvious that she had angered Tina.
“Would regular friends give you ruby earrings worth a million dollars? Do you think I’m a dim–wit?” Furious
was an understatement to describe what Tina was feeling at that moment.
“It has nothing to do with me, Miss Hummer! These ruby earrings aren’t mine, they’re my cousin Dahlia’s! I only borrowed them for a few days!” Seeing that the situation wasn’t favorable to her anymore, Julie stopped
pretending and came clean with the truth.
“Dahlia Nicholson?” Tina’s eyes narrowed into slits.
She remembered that that was a name that Matt had mentioned when he asked for her help concerning the interrogation room. She hadn’t put much thought into it then, but it turns out that there was something fishy
going on with the two of them.
“That bitch! She seduced my man, and she has the audacity to show up at my birthday party?! Is she trying to provoke me?” Tina gritted her teeth as a murderous glint flashed in her eyes.
“This is all Dahlia Nicholson’s fault, Miss Hummer. I’ve got nothing to do with it. Will you please let me off?”
Julie was so scared that she broke out in cold sweat.
She finally got an idea of what had happened. Tina and Matt were obviously a couple. The main problem was that Tina recognized the pair of earrings. That was no different from her catching Matt and Dahlia together.
“Shut up! If you do not have a death wish, then do what I tell you to do!” Tina roared.
“You name it, Miss Hummer. Whatever you need me to do, I’ll try my best to accomplish it!” Julie promised
wholeheartedly.
“Put this into Dahlia’s bag.” Tina took a delicate jewelry box and handed it to Julie.
“What do you mean, Miss Hummer?” Julie could not wrap her head around Tina’s request.
“Don’t ask questions! Just do as you’ve been told!” Tina scolded. “Yes, yes.” Julie nodded vigorously. She was in no place to refuse.
###Chapter 130 by Marina Vittori
Over at the banquet hall, Dahlia was puzzled when she saw Julie panting as she entered. “Didn’t you say that you were waiting for a friend, Julie? Where’s your friend?”
“Something came up and she couldn’t make it.” She smiled sheepishly. “Oh, Dahlia, could you lend me your compact mirror, please? I need to fix my makeup.”
“I remembered that you’ve brought one yourself,” Dahlia said. “Mine’s faulty. I’d prefer to use yours.” Without waiting for a reply, Julie took Dahlia’s bag and fished around in it.
Dahlia was annoyed by that. She had to admit, her cousin was really a spoiled brat who lacked manners.
“Thanks, Dahlia.” Julie tossed Dahlia’s bag back to her after she managed to get the compact mirror out. Then, she made up some excuse to go to the washroom.
Right at that moment, Tina made her entrance, followed by a crowd behind her, creating a ruckus in the banquet hall,
In the end, she stopped smack in the middle of the hall.
“Quiet down, everyone. I have an announcement to make.” Tina raised her hand and gestured for the crowd to
calm down.
The effect was immediate and the hall fell silent.
“It’s my birthday party today, and it was meant to be a happy occasion, but something awful has happened!”
Tina’s gaze swept across the hall before she continued. “A pair of valuable earrings which I have intended to wear for the occasion has been stolen. They are a unique pair of custom–made Pandarum earrings, and they are priceless to me!”
The crowd was in an uproar when they heard that.
“What? Did someone steal Miss Hummer’s earrings? Who has the guts to do that?”
“We must find out who did it! Such a vile person must never be let off the hook!”
“Damn it! If I ever find out who stole Miss Hummer’s belongings, I’ll make sure to rearrange his face!”
The crowd in the hall was all worked up, shouting curses and threats at the thief.
On the one hand, they despised the thief, but on the other hand, they were trying to please Tina.
“Everyone, please calm down. The fact is, I know who did it.” Tina continued.
“Who? Where’s the thief among us? Everyone looked around, trying to figure out who the culprit was.
Tina smiled mirthlessly and strode over to Dahlia.
“She’s the one!” Tina pointed a finger at Dahlia.
“What?”
The crowd was collectively taken aback by the accusation,
If the culprit had been a creep, they would have gone ahead and taught him a lesson.
But it turns out that the person whom Tina had accused of stealing her belongings was an enchanting beauty.
Everyone was at a loss.
“Isn’t that the president of Quine Group? Why would she steal?”
“Exactly! Everyone knows Ms. Nicholson. She wouldn’t stoop so low, would she?”
“One may know a person for a long time without understanding his true nature. Who knows what vile Intentions this lady is hiding behind her glamorous appearance?”
The men were generally doubtful of Tina’s accusation, whereas the ladies trusted her fully.
“Miss Hummer, there must be some sort of misunderstanding. I have not stolen anything.”
Dahlia took a moment to regain her composure before denying Tina’s accusation.
She had never thought that Tina would pin it on her.
“A quick search should easily be able to tell us whether or not you did it.” A faint smile graced Tina’s features.
“Miss Hummer, would it not be inappropriate to conduct a search on a guest whom you’ve invited to your birthday party in front of everyone?” Dahlia knew that she was innocent, but that did not mean that she should
allow others to do as they please.
After all, Tina’s suggestion to go through her belongings was an obvious act of disrespect.
“What do you have to fear if you’re not guilty?” Tina smirked.
“That’s right! If you truly are innocent, what harm would a search do to you?”
“Hmph! I think that someone’s just feeling guilty!”
The ladies started to back Tina up.
Dahlia’s presence alone was enough to overshadow their radiance, so they were eager to see her get into
trouble.
“Fine, since Miss Hummer insists on going through my things, then, by all means, go ahead.” Dahlia could not be bothered to argue with her, so she handed her bag over.
Her conscience was clear, and she did not want to cause a scene, so she might as well let them go through
her bag to prove her innocence.
Tina did not say anything and simply gestured for her bodyguards to search Dahlia’s bag.
Soon, the bodyguards fished out a delicate jewelry box from the bag. The jewelry box even had Tina’s name
carved on it.
“Miss Hummer, here it is!” The bodyguard handed the jewelry box over to her.
Chapter 130
“Ladies and gentlemen, do you see this?”
Tina raised the jewelry box and took out the pair of magnificent ruby earrings in it, displaying them to the crowd. “This! this is evidence!”
The moment the pair of ruby earrings were produced, it brought about a whoosh of uproar throughout the
entire hall.
Eyes widened as shock came over everyone’s faces.
“No way! Would the president of Quine Group do such a thing?”
“Hah! And I thought that she would be above that! Who would’ve guessed that she was so materialistic!”
“I thought that such a beautiful person would know to conduct hersell better than this! Of all things to do, why would she go and steal from others? That’s terrible!”
At that moment, the winds of opinion completely shifted.
With irrefutable evidence staring them in the face, everyone chose to believe Tina.
“No! That’s not possible!!
Dahlia’s expression changed as she shook her head vigorously. “Why is this in my bag? I’ve never even
touched it!”
“You bitch!”
Infuriated. Tina slapped Dahlia.
Smack! Five red streaks immediately bloomed on Dahlia’s cheek.
“Miss Hummer, I did not steal them! Someone must have set me up!” Dahlia fought to explain.
“How dare you deny it when we have concrete evidence? Seems like you’re one to give up only at the sight of the gallows!” Without saying any more, Tina gave her
two more slaps. She truly wasn’t going easy on her.
Dahlia’s face swelled up and her hair was a mess.
“I did not steal!” She clenched her jaws, an unyielding look in her eyes. 
“If I said you stole it, that means you did!”
Tina scoffed. “Guards! Hold her down! I’m going to teach her a lesson today!”
“Yes, Miss Hummer!”
Two of her bodyguards went up to Dahlia and restrained her. They held her arms behind her back and brought
her down to her knees so that she was kneeling.
“You slut! How dare you seduce my man? Have you got a death wish?” Tina grabbed hold of Dahlia’s hair, a
wicked look on her face.
“It was you? You were the one who framed me?” Dahlia was stunned for a moment before it struck her. She had been Tina’s target from the get–go!
Chapter 125
“Hah! Guess you’re not such a thickhead after all.” Tina let out a low laugh.
“But so what if you know? No one can help you now. I can deal with you however I want to.” With that, she picked up a bottle of red wine and stuffed the neck of the bottle into Dahlia’s mouth.
The red fluid gushed into Dahlia’s mouth, and Dahlia choked on it, coughing unstoppably. Her face was flushed red.
She felt lightheaded and it was horrible.
“Down it! I said, down it!” Tina’s expression was nothing short of maniacal.
###Chapter 131 by Marina Vittori
“You whore! How dare you seduce my boyfriend? I’ll make your life a living hell!
Tina kept forcing the wine on Dahlia, humiliating her before the crowd.
She was rough and ruthless.
By the time the bottle of wine was emptied, Dahlia had slumped to the ground helplessly.
Even then, Tina did not stop. She grabbed a fistful of Dahlia’s hair and pulled her head up.
Then, a torrent of slaps rained down on Dahlia, each one harder than the one before.
“You slut! You whore! How dare you mess with my boyfriend? How dare you?” Tina shouted as she roughed
Dahlia up, almost in a frenzy.
When Tina finally stopped, Dahlia’s face was swollen and blotched, with streaks of blood coming out the
comer of her mouth.
“Why? Why?” Dahlia asked breathlessly, trying to regain her bearings.
“You have the audacity to ask why? Are you unaware of what you have done, you bitch!” Tina reached for
Dahlia’s hair again and slammed her head hard to the ground.
Blood gushed out immediately. A mixture of blood and wine dripped down Dahlia’s face.
The sight of Dahlia lying on the ground and unable to get up did not garner any sympathy from Tina, in fact; it
seemed to excite her.
She raised her leg and stomped hard on Dahlia’s linger.
“Ah!” Dahlia could finally hold in no longer, and a shriek escaped her.
A piercing pain overtook her senses.
“You shameless tramp! You like flirting around with other men, don’t you? I’d like to see if you’d ever seduce my boyfriend again!” A crazed smile crept up on Tina’s face as she repeatedly stepped on Dahlia’s hand with
her stilettos.
Each time, it struck with greater brutality and ferocity.
In no time, both of Dahlia’s hands were a mess of flesh and blood. It was a terrifying sight.
“Ahh!” Dahlia’s face turned lifeless from the agonizing pain, and she trembled uncontrollably.
Even the strongest of men would not be able to endure it after such merciless torture, much less a woman like
Dahlia.
Most of the crowd felt sorry for her when they saw the state she was in.
Surely an act of theft did not warrant such cold–blooded torture?
It was too cruel!
14
“Dahlia, you can’t blame me for this. You’ve only got yoursell to blame for messing with Ms. Hummer’s boyfriend and offending her.” In a corner, Julie trembled like a leaf.
She did not think that Tina would be so unforgiving. She just came short of torturing Dahlia to her gravel
“Ms. Hummer, she’s out cold.” A bodyguard told Tina,
Dahlia had already passed out from the abuse. She had multiple fractures on her fingers, and her entire palm was bloody. It was a ghastly scene.
“She’s down so soon? What a bore.” Tina looked down at Dahlia like she was not done with her yet.
She lifted her leg and wiped the blood off her heels on Dahlia’s clothes. Then, with a nonchalant wave of her hand, she said, “Throw her out. I’ll play with her next time.”
Had it not been for her birthday party that night, she would make sure that she had her fun with her.
After Dahlia was thrown out, Julie, who knew that she was guilty, dared not dally any longer. She sent Dahlia to the hospital immediately.
The medical staff in the emergency ward were all shocked by Dahlia’s state when she was sent in.
She was a gruesome sight to behold, all covered in blood.
The greatest issue was that it was an obvious case of assault, not an accident.
So the question was, who would be so brutal to torture a woman until she was in such a miserable state?
“Where is the patient’s next of kin?” A doctor asked.
“There was another lady here with her earlier on, I don’t know where she went.” A nurse looked around, searching for Julie.
“Check the patient’s bag to see if there’s a phone in there. Contact her family right away.”
“Okay, sure.”
The nurse went through Dahlia’s bag and quickly found her phone and unlocked it with Dahlia’s fingerprint.
She called the contact which was set as “Husband“.
Over at Peaceful Medical Centre, a phone rang.
Dustin, who was in the process of producing Immortunol, pulled his phone out and frowned.
He picked up the call. “Hello, is anything the maller?”
“Hello? Are you a farmily member of the owner of this phone? I’m calling from the emergency ward of East
Swinton Hospital. You need to come here as soon as possible. The patient’s in bad shape.”
“She’s hurt? What happened?” Dustin’s brows knitted even tighter together.
“I’m not too sure either. Come quick.”
Chapter 131
Dustin fell silent. Without a moment’s hesitation, he rushed over to Fast Swinton Hospital after hanging up the call.
When he stepped into the emergency ward to lind Dahlia lying unconscious on the hospital bed, his expression clouded over.
Her face was swollen, blood came out from her mouth, and her forehead had suffered a strong impact.
Worst of all was her fingers, which were broken from being stepped on. They were a bloody mess that he could hardly bear the sight of
It was not difficult to imagine the pain she had been through before she lost consciousness.
“You’re her husband, aren’t you? What have you been up to? How could you let your wife be tortured sol terribly? That’s very irresponsible of you!” The head nurse complained, feeling sorry for Dahlia.
“How is she?” Dustin’s brows furrowed.
“The patient is not in critical danger currently, but her wounds will take quite a while to heal. Her hands, especially, have multiple comminuted fractures. There is a possibility that they may never fully recover,” The head nurse cautioned him.
“Who did this?” Dustin’s expression was terrifyingly cold and emotionless.
“How would I know? You’re her husband, and you have no idea who did it?” The head nurse scowled.
Dustin held his silence. Suddenly, his gaze shot over to the door.
There was a suspicious person craning by the door in an attempt to peek at them.
He dashed over and grabbed the person.
“Hey, Rhys! What are you doing? Let go of me!” Julie cried out in dismay.
“Who did this to Dahlia? Tell me Dustin demanded furiously.
“I–How would I know?” Julie stuttered.
The very next
next second, she was lifted off the ground by a hand that found its way around her throat.
She suffocated, and her struggles to catch her breath proved futile.
“I’ll ask you again. Who did it?” There was a fierce glint in Dustin’s eyes, and a chilling hostility emanated from him.
A bone–piercing coldness instantly enveloped the entire ward.
“It–It was Edwin Hummer’s daughter, Tina Hummer who did it Flustered, Julle blurted out the truth.
She had never seen such a frightening side to Dustin.
His gaze was akin to that of the Devil, giving chills to whoever met it. Julie began to tremble.
“Watch over her.”
Once Dustin got the answer he wanted, he left without another word. A fiery anger burned in his chest.
###Chapter 132 by Marina Vittori
The sky started to rain. At that moment, the atmosphere at the party in Emperor Hotel was lively as usual. The commotion earlier clearly had not affected the party.
Tina looked like a princess, surrounded by people. Everyone approached her to leave a good impression.
Yet, most of the people did not interest her. Only a few distinguished guests were worthy of chatting with her.
“Miss, Mr. Williams and Mr. Chapman are here.” One of the butlers came up to her and reported.
Tina turned around and saw two fine–looking men who were standing quietly at the entrance of the party.
One of them was Oliver from Boulderthorn!
The other was Oliver’s senior, Troy Chapman. Behind the two of them were two bodyguards.
“Mr. Williams. Mr. Chapman. It’s good to see you again.” Tina immediately gave them a warm welcome with a
smile.
“Happy birthday, Ms. Hummer.” Oliver and Troy presented their gifts respectively.
“Oh, please. It is my honor to have you both as my guests. There’s no need for presents. Tina grinned.
“It is only proper to reciprocate Joshua’s kindness. After all, he has always treated us well. A small token of appreciation is nothing.” Oliver smiled.
Had they come from an ordinary rich family, she wouldn’t have given them a second glance.
However, Tina’s brother, Joshua, was a disciple of Boulderthorn. He was their senior. And so, it was necessary
for her to attend to them.
“Oh right, why is my brother not here today?” Tina asked.
“Joshua is on a retreat at the moment. He’s unable to leave, so he sent us here to meet you.” Oliver explained.
“I see
Tina nodded and extended her hand. “Please have a seat, let me know if there’s anything you need.”
“Alright. Thank you, Ms. Hummer.” Oliver gave a slight nod before sitting down alongside Troy.
Because of Tina’s warm attitude, the surrounding guests‘ attention gathered around the two men.
“Who are they? Why did Tina personally welcome them?”
“I don’t know. They seem unfamiliar, I don’t think they’re from Swinton.”
“Then, perhaps they are someone important from Millsburg?”
The sound of whispers rippled through the crowd as curiosity overlook them.
As the evening wore on, more guests arrived at the party, and the atmosphere grew increasingly lively.
1/3
Chapter 132
At that moment, a black silhouette approached the entrance of the Emperor Hotel with an umbrella in hand.
After reaching the gate, he was stopped by two guards.
“Stop right there! Today is Ms. Hummer’s birthday. Only those who received an invitation are allowed to enter!”
“Step aside!” Dustin did not want to waste another second and immediately headed inside.
“Scoundrel! You’ve got some nerve!” The two guards immediately gripped Dustin’s shoulder.
The instant the two of them made contact with him, they were hurled backward with a force that sent them tumbling through the air, their cries of pain echoing through the night.
“Quick! Inform Sir Zims!” One of the guards immediately took out his phone and called for backup.
When he turned back, Dustin had already walked past the gates.
After a short ride in the lift, he walked inside the ballroom.
As he looked at the lively crowd, Dustin took a deep breath before shouting, “Which one of you is Tina
Hummer?!”
His voice wasn’t piercing, yet it echoed across the room.
The lively crowd instantly went silent. Everyone turned towards him with displeasing looks.
“Who dared to call Ms. Hummer by her name?!” Everyone wondered.
“Hm? Who’s calling me?” Tina stood up slowly with a displeased look in her eyes.
Dustin silently walked forward as everyone stared down at him.
“Hey, isn’t that Dahlia’s ex–husband? Why is he here?”
“I’m guessing he’s probably here to apologize. After all, stealing from Ms. Hummer is not a small matter.”
“He’s apologizing after his woman got beaten up? How shameful!”
People all around the room began to murmur amongst themselves as they pointed at the man. They were mostly mocking him.
“What? Are you here to apologize for that bitch?
Tina’s eyes scanned the man from head to toe, her lips curling into a sinister smile as she sized him up. “If you’re really interested in helping your friend, you might want to start by getting down on your knees. And who
knows, if I’m pleased, maybe I’ll consider letting her off the hook.”
“So, you were the one who caused Dahlia’s injuries?” Dustin slowly approached her.
Seconds later, he stood in front of her.
“So what if I was the one who caused her injuries? That bitch didn’t know her limits. A slut like her deserved a beating!”
Tina laughed coldly. “And let me tell you, this matter is far from over. Today was just a little warning. In the future, I’ll pay it back bit by bit! I will be her nightmare for the rest of her lifel
2/3
Chapter 132
As soon as the words left Tina’s lips, a sudden, sharp sound echoed through the room.
“Smack!”
Tina was sent flying across the room.
Her body flipped through the air, twisting and turning in a blur of motion, before finally crashing down onto the ground with a sickening thud.
In an instant, blood started oozing from her nose, and her teeth scattered around the place.
The entire room was stunned at the scene. Everyone’s jaw dropped to the ground in disbelief.
No one would’ve thought that Dustin would hit her. Moreover, he slapped her in front of such a crowd.
Everyone knew that she was Edwin Hummer’s daughter! She was the belle of the ball in all of Swinton!
“Had he lost his mind?! How dare he lay a finger on Miss Hummer? Does he not treasure his life?!” Everyone thought.
“You–You dare to hit me?” Tina held her burning cheek and stood up as her legs wobbled beneath her.
Her face was filled with shock and confusion. Ever since she was a child, no one dared to disrespect her. Let alone slap her. She didn’t know how to react.
“Smack!”
Without wasting another second, he slapped her once again with all his might.
As blood spurted from her mouth, her once–pretty face now disfigured, her teeth shattered and her features swollen and reddened, the sight was both shocking and distressing.
Her hair was in complete disarray, leaving a chaotic mess in its wake.
“I’ll make you pay ten times the pain that you inflicted on Dahlia!” Dustin roared out.
His words and actions were impulsive and reckless.
“Boom!”
In a split second, the party was in shambles.
One could say that the first slap was done out of impulse.
A second slap was already humiliating and provoking her.
But who in the right mind would want to provoke the Hummers?!
###Chapter 133 by Marina Vittori
“He dared to hit Ms. Hummer? He must be asking for death!” “He’s out of his mind! He’s definitely gone insane!”
“He struck Ms. Hummer in front of such a crowd! Not even the Gods could spare him now!”
Because of Dustin’s actions, the whole room went into chaos. Some were shocked, not knowing how to react. Others were impressed, while the rest were in disbelief.
For all their lives, they’d believed that only a person like Tina Hummer could bully others. They could never even imagine someone who would strike back!
“Kill him! Kill him now!” When Tina stood up again, she was in a frenzy. Her face contorted with terrifying rage.
“Kill! Him!”
The guards in the area finally returned to their senses and charged toward him with a baton.
Dustin was unfazed. He moved at the speed of light, defcating each guard with a single punch, sending them flying across the room in all directions.
He glided through the entire fight effortlessly, not a single hint of struggle showing on his face. The sight of the guards writhing on the ground in agony left everyone stunned.
It was worth noting that these were Hummer’s elite bodyguards, each capable of taking down five men with ease. And yet a single punch from Dustin was all it took to bring down all of these elite bodyguards.
It was indeed surprising.
“Guards! Bring me more guards!” One of the bodyguards quickly reached for his walkie–talkie and called for backup.
Dustin remained unfazed and continued to advance, step by step.
“Stop him! Quick, stop him!” Tina was frantic as she stumbled backward.
A few onlockers had the urge to play hero and rescue Tina, but one stern look from Dustin was enough to leave them frozen in shock, unable to make a move.
“You bastard! How dare you lay a hand on me? Do you have any idea who I am? I am Edwin Hummer’s daughter! If you don’t want to meet an ugly end, then bow down and apologize to me right now!” Tina’s voice trembled with fear, despite the brave front she put on.
She mentioned her own family background as a means of defense, hoping that he would know better and back down.
Her threat fell on deaf ears as she was met with another heavy slap in response,
In a split second, her head was spinning as blood spilled from her mouth.
“You don’t need to mention that. Even If you’re dad is here, I’ll still slap you! Dustin said with a cold
expression as he grabbed Tina by her hair and slapped her even harder.
1/2
Chapter 133
Each slap landed with a heavy sound ringing across the room.
“Smack, smack, smack, smack!”
After a few slaps, Tina’s face was left disfigured. Her nose and lips were tangled up. It was a gory scene to behold.
All the guests w
were stunned and frozen in shock at the sight before them. Every single one of them had their
jaws drop to the ground.
This was just crazy!
It wasn’t just about hitting her face. He was disrespecting the Hummers! He was playing with fire and risking his life!
“Stop!” Suddenly, a loud angry yell reverberated across the room.
In the next moment, Oliver and Troy emerged from the crowd. Upon seeing the blood on Tina’s face, both of them became furious in an instant.
“Who dares to make a ruckus at Tina’s party?!” Oliver bellowed in an intimidating voice.
“Huh?” Dustin turned around and immediately recognized the familiar faces.
“So it’s you!”
Oliver was taken aback at first, but his surprise quickly gave way to a wave of seething anger. “What a coincidence! I’ve been searching for you everywhere. I can’t believe you’d show up here!”
“Oliver, you know this guy?” Troy was curious.
“Troy, this was the guy who punched me two days ago,” Oliver said with gritted teeth.
###Chapter 134 by Marina Vittori
“You dare to hit someone from Boulderthorn? You must be tired of living!” Troy’s gaze immediately turned cold and unfriendly.
Troy and Oliver were as close as brothers, and any harm inflicted upon one was seen as an affront to the other.
“Save me! Save me!” Tina’s eyes lit up with hope at the sight of Oliver and Troy, and she suddenly regained some of her energy.
“Don’t worry, Ms. Hummer. With me and Oliver here, this guy won’t be able to harm you!” Troy assured confidently.
As soon as he finished speaking, Dustin delivered another brutal slap, causing Tina to be flung across the
table.
Without a second of hesitation, he immediately proved him wrong.
“You-!” Oliver was furious.
He was caught off guard by Dustin’s unpredictable actions, causing a slight delay in his response.
“You bastard! You’re dead meat! Your entire family will be dead! These two are the best fighters in
Boulderthorn. You’re just a piece of trash in front of them! I’ll let them break all of your limbs before torturing
you myself!” Tina sneered, her face contorted with a lust for vengeance as she stood up shakily.
“Boulderthorn?!” Hearing the name, everyone broke into whispers once again.
Everyone was familiar with the name.
Boulderthorn was one of the top two guilds in the entire South City. The disciples of Boulderthorn were
renowned for their incredible strength and skill, able to move mountains with just a small kick.
But the top disciples were on another level altogether, possessing an unparalleled level of prowess and
finesse. One of them was enough to wipe out an entire room.
“Who would’ve thought that people from Boulderthorn are here? Looks like this fellow is really dead meat.”
“Well deserved! Whoever dares to make a ruckus here would have to pay the ultimate price!”
“Kid, if I were you, I’d be on my knees begging for forgiveness. If you’re lucky enough, you’d get a chance to
live.”
The crowd erupted into a frenzied discussion, with people whispering and shouting their opinions on the unfolding scene.
From their perspective, Dustin is indeed skilled in lighting. However, in front of the top disciples from Boulderthorn, he wouldn’t even stand a chance!
“So what if you’re from Boulderthom? No one can stop me from doing what I want to dol” Dustin replied coldly, without a hint of fear.
“Bastard! You’re crazy! If I hadn’t gone easy on you last time, do you think you could get away without a
Chapter 134
scratch?” Oliver was furious.
“Oliver, let me handle it.”
Troy approached Dustin with a darkened face, but before he could take any action, Oliver stopped him with a hand. “Wait, do we really need to do this? This guy isn’t even from a guild. If we accidentally kill him, won’t people start spreading rumors about Boulderthorn bullying others?”
As he spoke, he signaled the two bodyguards behind them. “Anna, Emma, get rid of that punk! Don’t hold
back!”
“Yes, Sir!” The two women immediately pulled out their swords.
Two days earlier, they weren’t prepared, so they were defeated by Dustin. But today, they would not let the
same mistake happen again.
“Mr. Williams! That bastard’s not an easy target. Aren’t you underestimating him too much by sending the two of them against him?” Tina was suspicious.
“Don’t worry, Ms.Hummer. The two of them are very skilled. They were trained by my father. Defeating him is
nothing for them!” Oliver said confidently.
To be honest, both of them were even more skilled than he was.
“Alright! Then I’m counting on you to get my revenge!” Tina said with an evil smirk.
“No problem!” As soon as Oliver gave a signal, the two women sprung into action, one flanking Dustin on the left and the other on the right, both bearing down on him with fierce determination.
“Zoom!”
As the women closed in on him, their swords shimmered with deadly precision, a testament to their
impressive skill and training.
Right when everyone thought Dustin was about to meet his end.
With a loud “Clang!“, the two swords were shattered into pieces.
The impact was so sudden and powerful that the two women were sent hurtling through the air as if struck by a car, flying across the room.
Before hitting the ground, a spray of blood erupted from the women’s mouths, painting the air crimson, as they collapsed into unconsciousness.
###Chapter 135 by Marina Vittori
“Holy Shit! What just happened?”
The crowd was once again in awe upon seeing the broken swords and the two women laying on the floor.
They originally thought that Dustin was out of luck, but no one expected that after that face–off, the Boulderthorn girls would be the ones who faced defeat.
This outcome shocked everyone in the room.
“This kid was not all talk?” Oliver’s eye twitched, his face full of shock.
The previous time, he could argue and say that they weren’t prepared for the attack. But this time, it was proven that there was a skill disparity.
“So you do have some tricks up your sleeves. No wonder you dared to cause trouble here.” Troy narrowed his
eyes as his lips curled into a playful smile.
Although Anna and Emma were no match for Troy’s skills, they were certainly enough to defeat a normal
fighter. For Dustin to have defeated them so easily spoke volumes about his abilities, even if it wasn’t much
for Troy.
“Mr. Williams! Didn’t you say that it wouldn’t be a problem?” Tina exclaimed. Her disfigured face made her
look like a malicious demon.
“Just a bit of miscalculation. But no worries, this fellow wouldn’t be able to do much with me and Troy here!”
Oliver laughed awkwardly and explained.
“Don’t worry, Ms. Hummer. I will avenge you!”
Troy stepped forward and stared into Dustin’s eyes. “I admit, you do have some skills. But too bad you’re facing me today! I’ll give you one last chance. Kneel down and beg for mercy right now, and I might spare your
life.”
“Punk! Did you hear that? Hurry up and kneel! Otherwise, you’ll be obliterated by Troy!” Oliver added.
“Really? Give me all you’ve got.” Dustin answered calmly to their taunts.
“Bastard! You really can’t catch a hint! Don’t you know who Troy is? He’s the Lightning Fist of Boulderthorn, who’s never fallen in battle!” Oliver bragged confidently.
After hearing those words, the crowd went wild.
“What? Is he really the Lightning Fist, Troy Chapman?!”
“Oh my God! I can’t believe even the Lightning Fist is here, this is gelling Interesting!”
“What’s Lightning Fist? Is he great?”
“He’s not only one of the elites in Boulderthorn, He’s at the top of the board! He could take on a hundred men
at once. What do you think, Isn’t he great?”
“There are only a few people in Swinton who can match the Lightning Fist’s skills. Looks like this kid is
meeting his end!”
After learning Troy’s true identity, the crowd began praising him.
The spectators had anticipated an ordinary light, but it was not until a top fighter like him emerged that they realized the true potential of the bout.
Troy’s chin lifted with a newfound arrogance as he basked in the adulation of the crowd. He really enjoyed the feeling of being admired.
“Punk! Weren’t you so confident just now? Why are you silent now? Are you scared?” Oliver mocked.
Though his abilities may not have stood out as much, his senior, Troy, was undoubtedly a top–notch fighter.
He had been training all his life and was already a master at honing his energy. His ability was second best to the grand master himself,
No one in Swinton could faze him.
“What’s a Lightning Fist? I’ve never even heard of it.” Dustin remained unbothered.
These words once again drove the crowd wild.
“My goodness! Does he not treasure his life? He dared insult Lightning Fist’s name!”
“He’s clearly unaware of his limits! He can’t even comprehend how strong Lightning Fist is!”
“What a reckless idiot! Thinking he knows everything! Let’s see how he faces death later!”
All eyes were fixed on Dustin, who seemed to have earned the scorn and contempt of the crowd.
“Punk! You’ll face the consequences for the words that just left your mouth!” Troy’s expression turned cold.
He was still acting recklessly even after learning his true identity. How foolish of him!
“I don’t care who you are. You better leave now or I won’t hold back on you!” Dustin’s eyes were burning with rage as he stared Tina down.
The other people in the room were not even worthy of Dustin’s attention, as he remained solely focused on Tina.
“Mr. Chapman! Kill him!” When Tina met Dustin’s gaze, she was frightened to death. She could feel a chill run down her spine.
At the moment, she only hoped that he could get rid of that crazy bastard as soon as possible.
“Punk! Since you want to die so badly, I’ll fulfill your wish!” Troy flexed his muscles as he let out a yell, causing his shirt to rip apart, revealing his chiseled physique.
The combination of his impressive muscles and his flashy, swift movement caused a group of ladies to swoon in admiration.
“Today, I’ll show you what it’s like to be a Lightning Fist!”
Troy closed the distance between himself and Dustin with a small, swift movement before leaping into the air and extending his arms like a hawk, ready to strike.
Chapter 135
“How majestic! How astonishing!” The crowd thought.
“Die!” Troy spun around, his head aimed towards the ground, and struck Dustin’s head with a powerful punch.
The spectators were impressed as they watched Troy’s impressive pose.
“How handsome!”
“He’s so majestic!”
“Ms. Hummer, did you see that? That’s Troy’s signature move, the Lightning Fist! One punch would be able to break mountains!” Oliver explained proudly.
“It would be best if he could kill him with one slap!” Tina said with a sardonic smile.
“One punch is definitely enough to kill him!”
“This fellow should be proud to die in Lightning Fist’s hands!”
The guests shook their heads, convinced that Dustin’s fate was sealed.
After all he was facing a full–blown punch from the Lightning Fist himsell.
In Swinton, how many people would be able to stop this kind of punch?
“You’re just all show!” Dustin’s voice was cold and unwavering as he stood his ground. Without hesitation, he retaliated with a punch that caught Troy off guard.
“Boom!”
Their fists collided with a loud bang.
Dustin had not moved an inch, but the ground beneath him had shattered.
Troy, on the other hand, let out a pained cry as his fist erupted into a trace of blood. He was sent flying across
the room at lightning speed, landing heavily against the wall as blood spurted from his mouth.
Before Troy could even react, Dustin was already in front of him, delivering another punch.
His moves weren’t as flashy, but they were deadly.
“Please spare me!” All the color drained from Troy’s face as he screamed in horror. With a loud “Thud“, he kneeled on the ground.
###Chapter 136 by Marina Vittori
“Whoosh!” Troy felt a strong gust of wind hit his face, causing his features to contort in pain as he could feel
his bone becoming dislocated.
His eyes were fixed on Dustin’s fist, which stopped right in front of his chest. Although it was still a few inches
away, the intimidating force still caused him to tremble in fear.
“Blargh!” Blood spurted from his mouth.
With just the sheer force of his Fist Energy, Dustin had the power to dislocate the bones in Troy’s body. The
thought of what would have happened if his fists had actually landed on him was almost too terrifying to contemplate.
He was lucky that he had kneeled in time. Otherwise, he would’ve been out cold!
“Spare me! Please!” Troy was now on his knees, his face drained of color as he begged frantically. All the
confidence he had earlier was gone, replaced by fear and desperation.
Rather than shock, Troy was feeling terrified at the moment.
That was because when their fists collided, his power shattered like glass in a split second, leaving him
defenseless against the sheer force of his opponent.
He could feel the excruciating pain in every single bone in his body. This situation would only happen when there was a significant disparity in skill level.
That is why, when Dustin was about to make another move, Troy chose to beg for mercy. Begging for forgiveness on his knees was a small price to pay in exchange for his life.
“Don’t appear in front of me again!” Dustin said coldly.
“Yes, right away!” Troy immediately fled the room without an ounce of hesitation. He didn’t even care about
his dignity.
“Um.” Everyone was dumbfounded as they watched Troy flee the scene.
The top–notch warrior, an elite disciple from Boulderthorn known as Lightning Fist, had actually fled from
battle?
Everyone’s jaws dropped in disbelief. No one could have predicted this outcome.
Originally, they believed that Troy’s appearance would resolve the situation, but now the tables had turned
completely.
If they had not witnessed it first–hand, they wouldn’t even be able to belleve it. A legendary warrior who had
never been deleated in battle fled the scene in terror!
“How–How is this possible?!”
Oliver’s eyes widened in disbelief.
That was his incredible senior, Troy Chapman!
Chapter
As a disciple of Boulderthorn, Troy was a master at honing inner energy, with unmatched skills and extreme
talents. Oliver couldn’t wrap his head around how this had happened.
He didn’t even hesitate to kneel down and beg for mercy!
“What the hell is going on?!” Oliver wondered.
“T–There’s no way! It’s impossible!” Tina couldn’t stop shaking her head in shock.
That was the top disciple from Boulderthorn. How could he be defeated by a nobody?
In fact, she wasn’t the only one thinking about it. Everyone in the room had the same idea.
However, the truth was right in front of them, and no matter how much they wanted to deny it, it wouldn’t
change the outcome.
“Did you say that you would stand up for her too?” Dustin’s gaze landed on Oliver.
“Punk! You’re lucky that my senior’s injury recurred today, otherwise, you wouldn’t have been able to escape
so easily! Next time, you wouldn’t be so lucky!” After finishing his sentence, Oliver fled the scene.
Il Troy was no match for Dustin, then wasn’t he just an easy target?
“Mr. Williams! Mr. Williams! Tina yelled at the top of her lungs. Yet, Oliver picked up the pace and ran even
faster, disappearing without a trace.
At that moment, she was frozen on the spot.
“As I’ve said, I’ll pay you back tenfold for the damage you did!” A cold voice rang beside her ears.
Tina turned around and realized that Dustin was already standing behind her.
“I’m warning you! Don’t mess with me! I’m Edwin Hummer’s daughter! If you dare to lay a finger on me, you and your entire family, even your relatives, will suffer the consequences of crossing the Hummers!” Tina
shouted desperately.
“Sure, I’ll play this game with the Hummers. But before that, I will need to get my revenge first!” Dustin’s hand
shot out and grasped Tina.
A horrific, ear–piercing scream echoed through the entire hotel. The screams continued every few seconds.
When Julie arrived at the hotel all drenched, she saw Tina being tortured. She was completely frozen as she
stared in shock.
Earlier, when Dustin left the hospital, she felt that something was off. So, she immediately followed him. She
never thought that he could be so brave to go against Ms, Hummer in front of such a crowd.
At that moment, Tina was not just unrecognizable, all four of her limbs were detached from her body.
The gory scene filled with blood was extremely unsettling.
“Stop! Stop this instant! Dustin! Are you out of your mind? Hurry up and let go of Ms. Hummer!” Julie came running as she yelled.
Dustin ignored Julie completely. He just looked down at Tina, who was lying on the ground, with a final flicker
of life.
“I won’t kill you tonight, but that doesn’t mean I forgive you. In three days, kneel down and apologize to Dahlia! Otherwise, you will suffer the consequences!”
After finishing his words, he raised two fingers and thrust them into Tina’s pressure points all over her body.
It was a technique he had developed himself, and it was deadly. The victim would slowly die in three days.
Moreover, he was the only one who could break the curse.
“Crazy bastard! You’re a maniac! Now that you’ve hurt Ms. Hummer, you’re not the only one who will suffer! We’re all doomed because of you!” Julie saw Dustin, who was about to leave, and yelled at him once again.
Yet. Dustin did not even spare her a glance and kept walking towards the exit. The crowd made way for his
exit, not daring to stop him.
“Hurry! Secure the premise!” Suddenly, a shout was heard from outside.
A horde of towering fighters stormed into the room. Instantly, the men surrounded the entire room.
“Who dared to cause trouble at my place?!” A man with dark sunglasses and a smoldering cigar strolled into
the room, emanating a menacing and dangerous aura.
“This is great! Sir Zims is finally here! We can finally have the scene under controll
“Sir Zims is the trusty right–hand man of the Hummer family. He definitely wouldn’t let him off for beating Ms. Hummer into a pulp!
“Although he’s quite skilled, he only has two fists! He wouldn’t be able to take on hundreds of men no matter
how skilled he is!”
The crowd went wild once again as help arrived at the scene.
*Sir Zims! You’re just in time! Dustin not only caused trouble, but he also beat up Ms. Hummer!” Julie quickly reported the incident to him.
“What? He dared to hit Ms. Hummer? Which bastard did this? If you have the guts, come forward! Let’s see if I can tear you apart myself!” Mason’s gaze narrowed, his blood boiling with anger.
“It was me.” Dustin approached him slowly.
“You–1”
Before Mason could strike, his expression changed completely when he saw him. “M–Mr. Rhys? It’s you?!”
Dustin simply uttered a single word, “Scram!”
“Yes Sir!” Mason nodded and stepped aside. Once again, the entire room was dead silent.
###Chapter 137 by Marina Vittori
The rain was falling even harder. Edwin was in the middle of a conversation with Fletcher at the Hummer Villa.
“Mr. Hummer, the first batch of Eternumax has been sold out. On top of that, we received a lot of positive feedback. A lot of people are interested in partnering with us in the long term. Now, we’ll be able to mass produce this product!” Fletcher reported excitedly.
“That’s the secret recipe for you, alright. Who would’ve thought it would have such great feedback right after its debut?” Edwin laughed joyfully.
He originally thought that it would take a while for people to warm up to the product. He didn’t expect the opportunity to present itsell so quickly.
At that point, he must strike the iron while it’s hot.
“Speaking of which, we should be grateful to the Harmon family. Without their painstaking research all these years, we wouldn’t have this baby in our hands right now.” Fletcher grinned.
“Natasha was foolish to dare to fight against me! I’ll defeat her once and for all with Eternumax!” Edwin said
happily.
“Then I shall congratulate Sir Hummer in advance for your success!” Fletcher clapped.
“Alright, it’s getting late. Time to join Tina’s party. If I’m too late, she’ll certainly have some complaints.”
Just as Edwin stood up with a grin on his face–
An old butler ran into the room frantically and exclaimed, “Sir! Bad news! Ms. Hummer has been beaten up!”
“What? Beaten up? What on earth happened?!” Edwin frowned.
Who was brave enough to dare touch Edwin’s daughter?
“There was a kid who stirred things up at the party. He even beat Ms. Hummer half to death in front of everyone! Ms. Hummer has already been sent to Hummers Hospital. The butler reported in a hurry.
Hummers Hospital was under the Hummers‘ supervision. It was also one of the top hospitals in Swinton. The doctors are all global elites in the medical field who pledged to serve the Hummer family.
“Go! To the hospital!” Edwin didn’t spare another second and immediately rushed to the hospital along with a
group of people.
However, as he cautiously stepped into the hospital ward, his eyes widened in disbelief at the Jarring scene that greeted him.
On the bed laid his own daughter, Tina, who was nearly lifeless.
Her face was utterly unrecognizable, a mangled and gory mess.
Her limbs were even worse, appearing as if they had been brutally torn apart from her body, her bones shattered and beyond repair.
Chapter 137
“Who?! Who did this?” Edwin roared like a crazed lion.
For all his years, no one dared lay a finger on his daughter.
“Sir Hummer, from what we’ve found, it seemed to be done by a guy named Dustin.”
At that moment, an injured bodyguard explained the earlier events to Edwin. After hearing his explanation, his expression immediately turned dark.
“That son of a bitch again! He keeps ruining my day! I’ll cut him into pieces! Guards! Get me the best trackers and track him down, I want him captured alive!” Edwin clenched his fists and said between gritted teeth.
“Also, kill the entire Nicholson family! I want them all dead!”
“Yes, Sir!” After receiving orders, the group of people immediately scattered.
“Sir Hummer, that guy’s skill is quite unmatched. Not anyone could go against him.” Fletcher said. He’d been slapped by Dustin once. Until now, he’s still a bit traumatized.
“What are you trying to say?” Edwin turned around.
“From what I know, it would be best to summon the White Dragon guild. The members are all top–notch fighters. It shouldn’t be a problem for them to take on that guy.” Fletcher suggested.
“White Dragon guild? Don’t you think it’s overkill to use them against a nobody?” Edwin narrowed his eyes.
The White Dragon guild was Edwin’s secret weapon, and he wouldn’t use it lightly.
“Sir Hummer, this guy is not just a normal fighter. He has the Harmon family supporting him. To be safe, we must summon the White Dragon guild. It would be the best choice.” Fletcher advised seriously.
After pondering for a few seconds, Edwin finally made the decision. “Alright! Contact the White Dragon Guild immediately. Get me the best fighters!”
Whoever dared to lay a finger on his daughter would have to pay the ultimate price!
On the other hand, in Java Joys.
“What? Dustin stirred up trouble at the Hummer’s party? And he beat Tina into a pulp?” Natasha was
completely shocked at her sister’s words.
“Yeah! Oustin is insane! He beat her up in front of so many people! He even tore her limbs apart. He’s really on
another level!” Ruth said excitedly.
“He doesn’t seem like someone who’d do something irrationally. How could he do something like that?” Natasha was puzzled,
“Probably because of that girl! How could he hold back after that Nicholson was publicly shamed? That’s why he went to get revenge.” Ruth did not hide anything from her sister. Alter hearing the news, she shared every
single detail with her.
“No wonder.” Natasha nodded.
2/3
Chapter 137
“Sis, aren’t you mad at all?” Ruth was a little surprised.
“Why should I be?” Natasha asked.
“Dustin mace such a grand move for that woman. It’s obvious there are still some lingering feelings between them. Are you not bothered by it?” Ruth was straight to the point.
“Dummy, they just got a divorce. Of course, there would be some lingering feelings. That’s inevitable. Also, if Dustin had not acted on it, he would ve lost my respect.” Natasha was unconcerned.
“Sis, I really don’t get what you’re thinking sometimes. I wouldn’t be able to let it go if a man I like had lingering feelings for other women.” Ruth scratched her head.
“After all, the ball is in their court. I believe that Dustin wouldn’t let me down.” Natasha smiled.
Dustin’s pride wouldn’t allow him to make the same mistake twice.
“I hope so. Rather than Tyler, I would much prefer Dustin to be my brother–in–law,” Ruth muttered.
“Alright, that’s enough. Nothing is set in stone yet. Tell the others to keep an eye on Dustin. If he’s in danger, make sure to help him immediately!” Natasha rolled her eyes and ordered.
“Okay!” Ruth nodded and immediately lelt.
They were both well aware that Edwin would not let this go easily.
It was inevitable for a war to happen…
###Chapter 138 by Marina Vittori
After that big incident at the party, Dustin finally returned to East Swinton Hospital. When he entered the ward. he noticed that Florence and James had already arrived.
“Which evil bastard beat up my daughter to such a state? How could they be so cruel?!”
“Exactly! If I find out which bastard did this. I’ll tear them into pieces!”
Seeing the injured Dahlia, the Nicholsons couldn’t help but curse, feeling pity for her.
“Why are you here? We didn’t even contact you.” Suddenly, one of them noticed Dustin, who was standing at the door.
“I came to check on Dahlia’s injury.” Dustin walked into the room slowly, his face not showing a hint of expression.
“Get out! You’re not welcome here!” James roared, letting out his pent–up anger.
“Dustin! Tell us the truth. Does my daughter’s injury have anything to do with you?!” Florence glared at him.
“I don’t have the details about how she was injured. Perhaps you should ask Julie this question instead.” Dustin replied.
*Julie? Speaking of which, where is she? Didn’t she attend the party with my sister? Why isn’t she here?” James frowned.
“Could it be that Julie is injured too? Dustin! What exactly is going on here? Who hurt my daughter? And where is Julie?” Florence’s expression immediately turned dark.
“I think it would be best if you didn’t find out.” Dustin shook his head.
“If you have something to say, then say it! No matter who hurt my sister, I will make them pay!” James said furiously.
“That’s right! We won’t let them off easily!” Florence exclaimed.
“The person who injured Dahlia is Tina Hummer,” Dustin answered truthfully.
“Tina Hummer? Who’s that?” James had no clue.
“The daughter of the richest man in Swinton, Edwin Hummer.” Dustin replied.
“What?! Sir Hurrmer’s daughter?!” Everyone was stunned by this piece of information.
They exchanged glances, not knowing how to reply. Especially Florence and James, whose anger immediately disappeared.
They would’ve been yelling for revenge if it had been an ordinary person. Yet, when they heard the name Hummer, they didn’t even dare to get angry.
“We had no grudges against the Hummer family. How could Ms. Hummer be so cruel to us?” Florence gulped.
“That’s right! My sister was invited to the party. How did she cross Ms. Hummer?” James frowned, deep in
Chapter 138
thought.
The others were uneasy as well. The Hummer family was someone they would never dare to provoke. Even if
they were wrongly accused, they couldn’t do anything about it.
“You won’t have to do anything. In three days, I’ll let Tina Hummer apologize to you all in person.” Dustin
assured easily.
“Hey! Do you even know what you’re saying? Do you know who Ms. Hummer is? Do you think that’s something you can handle? You’ll let her apologize? Look at yourself!” James said, unimpressed.
“Exactly! Do you have no idea who you are? You just know how to brag all day long! If you really had that ability, why would you let them hurt my daughter in the first place?!” Florence exclaimed.
It was obvious that they did not take Dustin’s words seriously..
After all it was Edwin’s daughter. A true billionaire. Even they were afraid of provoking them, let alone a
nobody like Dustin.
“You all must be the patient’s relatives.” At that moment, a nurse walked into the room
“We just received a notice that the patient shall be transferred to a VIP ward and receive better treatment. All
of this will be free of charge. Will you guys accept this offer?”
“Free of charge? Of course, of course. We most definitely accept.” Florence’s eyes sparkled as she nodded
fervently.
“That’s great, please follow me.” After a signal from the doctor, a few others came into the ward to help Dahlia
into the new ward.
Dustin stood still as he watched the people leave the room. It was his order to switch to a VIP ward.
Although he was not afraid of Edwin, it was still inevitable that he would seek revenge. This was his safety
measure.
A few moments after Florence and the others left the room, Julie sprinted into the ward.
“Aunt Florence! I have big news! I just saw
Before she could finish her sentence, she was stunned. Her eyes widened as her gaze landed on Dustin. “You!
Why are you here?”
“You’re just in time. I have something to ask.” Dustin approached her slowly.
“D–Don’t corne any closer! What are you trying to do? I’m warning you, slay back!” Julie retreated two steps.
backward in fear.
She could still vividly picture the scere earller where Tina was brutally beaten up.
In her eyes, Dustin was a maniac!
“Why are you so afraid? Could it be that you’re guilty of something?” Dustin said lightly.
“You’re the one who should be guilly! I don’t have anything to hide. What’s there for me to be afraid of?” Julie declared, putting up a front.
Chapter 138
“Good. Then let me ask you, were you the one who framed Dahlia for stealing at tonight’s party?” Dustin’s
demeanor turned cold.
“Nonsense! We’re cousins, how could I harm her? I’m warning you, don’t accuse someone innocent!” Julie’s expression contorted into a panic.
“Accuse someone innocent?” Dustin laughed coldly.
“Then tell me, how did this end up in Dahlia’s bag? Who else would have access to her bag other than you?” He tossed a box in front of her with a pair of ruby earrings inside.
“H–How would I know? It’s not me!” Julie’s eyes flashed with panic as she desperately clung to her lie.
“You better think clearly before you answer. Otherwise, you’d lose your chance.” Dustin said expressionlessly.
“What do you mean? Are you saying that you’ll lay a finger on me?” Julie shouted sternly.
“You have one minute left.” Dustin lifted a finger.
“What on earth are you trying to do? I’m not afraid of you!” Julie said as she backed away slowly.
“Ten seconds left.”
“Dustin! I’m warning you.” Before Julie could finish her threat, footsteps could be heard outside the room.
“Boss. I already got the information that Danlia is in this ward!”
“Good! You, keep a lookout. The others. follow me!”
After an exchange of words, a few assassins dressed in black immediately swarmed the room.
“Who is Dahlia Nicholson?” The leader scanned the room with a piercing gaze.
“She is.” Dustin pointed his finger at Julie.
The next second, with a sharp “Clang“, two swords were pressed against Julie’s neck.
“Bring her!”
###Chapter 139 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Julie’s mind went blank when a pair of swords were held at her neck. She was unable to process what was happening.
From the assassins‘ forced entry to Dustin framing her, everything happened too quickly. When she finally regained her composure, she was already in danger.
“Rhys! How could you do this to me!” Seeing as she was about to be held hostage, Julie panicked. “Wait, it’s a mistake! I’m not Dahlia, you’ve got the wrong person!”
“Do you think we are stupid? This man told us you are Dahlia Nicholson!” The assassins‘ leader retorted.
“He’s spouting nonsense! Don’t believe him!” Julie said, cold sweat running down her forehead.
She never expected Dustin to exact his revenge on her in such a despicable manner!
“According to our intel, Dahlia is in this hospital room. If you aren’t Dahlia; why would you be here?” The leader
demanded fiercely.
“I–I was just passing by-!” Julie stammered.
“Fuck! How dare you lie to me? You must be tired of living!” Julie was violently slapped on the cheek by the
leader, making her ears ring.
“What are all of you doing? Take her away!” He ordered.
Some of his men immediately dragged Julie towards the door.
“It’s not me! It’s really not me! Rhys, you asshole, you framed me! Are you even human?” Julle burst into tears
and wailed loudly.
She knew that if she were to be taken away, she would definitely suffer inhumane abuse.
“Dustin! I’m sorry! Please save me, I’m begging you! I’ve learned my lesson! On account of Dahlia and Old Mr. Nicholson, you can’t sit back and do nothing! You have to save mel” Julle broke down and apologized
profusely.
At this moment, only Dustin could save her.
“Shut the hell up, you bitch!”
Julie’s cries for help got on the nerves of the assassin leader. He gave her a few more slaps on the face. Julie staggered and fell to the ground, blood flowing from her lips.
When Dustin felt that Julle had been punished enough, he spoke up, saying, “Guys, I’m sorry for the confusion.
I’ve made a mistake, she is not Dahlia.”
“What did you say?” When they heard this, the assassins froze.
*Punk! How dare you trick me?” The leader narrowed his eyes threateningly.
Chapter 139
“I guess you could say that.” Dustin nodded.
“You bastard!” The leader was furious. He rushed towards Dustin with his heavy blade and swung it using his
full strength.
By the agility and power of his movements, the leader was obviously a martial artist. His skills were far superior to those of a normal person.
However, Dustin did not dodge. He blocked the attack with his bare hands and landed a kick on his
opponent’s abdomen.
The leader screamed in agony as he flew out the door.
“How dare you hurt our leader? You are dead meat!”
The other three assassins threw Julie aside as they turned to attack Dustin simultaneously.
However, before they could get close enough, Dustin gave all three of them a flying kick and knocked their
heads together.
Without another word, they fainted on impact.
“Fuck, who is this monster?”
The last assassin, who was guarding the door, saw what happened to his teammates. Fearful for his life, he ran away as fast as his legs could take him.
Four of his friends were dead. He wasn’t sticking around to find out what was going to happen to him.
“Dustin, you…” Julie’s eyes were as wide as saucers.
She never knew that Dustin was such a good fighter. In the blink of an eye, he single–handedly defeated four assassins. She breathed a sigh of relief. Fortunately, Dustin was around to save her.
On second thought, she remembered that it was because of Dustin that she was mistaken for Dahlia.
Julie’s anger blazed to life again.
“Confess to Dahlia regarding today’s incident. Remember, there is no next time,” Dustin said with a condescending glare.
“I’ll let you off today, Rhys! However, don’t be too proud! Edwin will come after you now that you have beaten up Ms. Hummer! You will be hounded out of Swinton!” Julie gritted her teeth in anger.
“You must be sorely mistaken. It’s not the Hummers” who will be coming after me, but me going after them. The Hummers‘ must issue a public apology regarding the assauli,” Dustin said breezily
“Public apology? You must have lost your mind! What right do you have to demand an apology from the Hummer family?” Julie scoffed.
“Whatever, it’s up to you whether to belleve it or not. Dustin shrugged.
“Let’s see how long you can fake it! Hopefully, you won’t be wetting your pants in front of Edwin Hummer!” Julie scoffed again and turned around to leave.
2/3
Chanter 13
Dustin couldn’t care less about her. He dragged the leader of the assassins into the hospital room.
“Did Edwin send you?”
“What’s it to you?” Through gritted teeth, the leader answered rudely.
“How many of you are there?” Dustin continued calmly.
“The White Dragon guild is full of skilled lighters and martial artists. Five of us were sent to scout ahead. If you desire to live, it would be best to surrender immediately!” The leader threatened.
“Ive never heard of the White Dragon guild.” Dustin shook his head.
“That’s because you’re being ignorant! The leader smirked.
“Punk, if I were you, I would flee Swinton right now. Otherwise, you will be sitting ducks when our guild master
arrives personally!”
“Really? I’ll be waiting for him, then.” Dustin smiled.
With a loud crack, he twisted the assassin’s leader’s neck. He died on the spot.
At this moment, a group of menacing bodyguards appeared at the end of the corridor.
Stephan was leading the way!
“Greetings, Mr. Rhys!” Stephan walked up to Dustin and bowed slightly..
“Ms. Harmon ordered us to assist you. If you need our help, just ask for it.”
“Thanks for the kind thought, Mr. Chapman.” Dustin nodded in return. “There are a few unconscious assassins. here who have been defeated. Please dispose of their bodies.”
“No problem.” Stephan gestured to his men, and they quickly carried the bodies off.
“By the way, what do you know about the White Dragon guild? Custin questioned.
“The White Dragon guild is regarded as one of the top three guilds in Swinton. Their guild members are mainly ruffians and scoundrels from the underworld. They take orders from Edwin and conduct illegal operations.
Their infamous reputation precedes them,” Stephan explained.
“Oh, I see.” Dustin nodded.
“The White Dragon guild has many skilled lighters, especially the guild master. Dracor Millroy. He is one of the best martial artists in Swinton. It is said that his skin is impenetrable to a sword or blade as he has attained the highest tier of martial artistry. The wise thing to do would be to escape instead of challenging him.” Stephan wa med. 1
*Thanks for your advice. I know what to do,” Dustin replied nonchalantly.
He was curious to see what it would be like to spar against the best martial artist in Swinton.
###Chapter 140 by Marina Vittori
The night grew dark as rain poured down. The streets were empty, as there was no one around.
Just then, a fleet of black Hummer vehicles drove in at high speed, splashing puddles of water. The vehicles pulled up at the entrance of a hospital building.
As the car doors opened, a group of burly, muscular men got out. One of them was smoking a cigar.
He was a large and muscular man with a beard, more than six feet tall at least a head above normal men. His arms and thighs were bulging with muscle.
“Guild master! That man is still inside, he never left.” The last assassin pointed to one of the floors of the
building.
He had been lying in wait for support to arrive as he spied on Dustin.
“I expected that you could handle this guy on your own. Why do I still have to be personally involved?” The bearded man narrowed his eyes with displeasure.
He was the guild master of the White Dragon guild!
“Guild master, don’t underestimate that guy. He took us down as easily as dominoes!” The assassin reported.
“Alright, surround the building. The earlier we get this settled, the earlier we can rest,” Dracor ordered
impatiently.
If it weren’t for Edwin’s orders, he wouldn’t have inconvenienced himself by coming down personally.
“Stop! Who goes there!” A group of bodyguards dressed in suits streamed out of the building. They were the
Harmon family’s men.
“What, was there a group of men protecting him? Alright, you boys can use them for practice.” Dracor
motioned to his men.
“Yes, guild master!” His disciples behind him grinned evilly and rushed up to fight the bodyguards. They were out for blood like a pack of wolves.
“Stop them!” The bodyguards were not to be outdone. They pressed forward as one to block the guild
members.
The scene erupted into chaos.
Although the bodyguards were well–trained, their fighting skills weren’t on the same level as those of the members of the White Dragon guild.
After a while, the bodyguards were forced to retreat, falling under the pressure.
“Who dares to go against the Harmon family? An aggressive roar Interrupted the fight as Stephan emerged with a few of his comrades.
Making his way through the crowd, the guild members were repelled backward by Stephan’s internal energy.
1/3
Chapter 140
creating a space around him.
“Oh, is he a martial artist with internal energy? How dare you show off your tricks in front of an expert? Get out of the way!” Dracor had a cold smile on his lips.
Stephan threw fist after fist without stopping, forcing the guild members to fall back. They were no match for
him.
“Reckless bastard!” Dracor took a deep breath and released a surge of energy in Stephan’s direction.
The attack sliced through the raindrops and zeroed in on him.
Fortunately, Stephan had a keen sense of danger. He noticed the attack coming and went into a defensive.
stance.
“Boom!” An explosive sound was heard as Stephan’s defense was shattered.
He was blown backward about 30 feet away, leaving deep tracks on the ground. Stephan was flung onto a wall like a ragdoll as he spat out a mouthful of blood.
“Weakling.” Dracor scoffed.
Dracor thought that he had finally met a worthy challenger. Unexpectedly, he couldn’t even withstand a single
blow.
“Y–You, who are you?” Stephan furrowed his brows and stared at the towering figure in front of him.
Due to the darkness, he couldn’t identify who the man was.
“How dare you beat up my men if you don’t even know who I am?” Dracor approached him menacingly.
Stephan finally recognized him when his bearded face was illuminated by the streetlights.
“You–You are Dracor Milfroy?” Stephan fixed his eyes on the man as fear spread across his face.
The nightmare he dreaded really came true!
“Since you seem to know me, we can settle this easily, Kneel down and beg for your life. If I’m in a good mood,
I might let you go.” Dracor laughed mockingly as if he was entertained by Stephan’s fear.
“Both of you, go and tell Mr. Rhys to escape. I’ll hold them back!” Stephan gritted his teeth and prepared
himself for a fight to the death.
“Yes, Sir!” The bodyguards behind Stephan ran into the building without hesitation. Their mission was to
protect Dustin and they were prepared to do it at the expense of their lives.
“Heh, do you think you could hold me back?” Dracor smirked.
“I’ll do my best to buy him some time!” Stephan was determined.
“Don’t blame me for your death since you were the one who asked for It! Dracor scoffed again.
He flew at Stephan like a streak of lightning.
I’m going all out!” Stephan took a deep breath and faced Dracor squarely.
2/3
Both of them collided directly into each other as another loud explosion was heard.
Stephan was thrown back like he had been hit by a truck, His body llew into the air and landed heavily on the ground with a loud thud. Blood spurted out from his mouth and nose. He did not even have the strength to stand up.
“Don’t overestimate your abilities!” Oracor taunted.
Compared to Dracor strength, Stephan’s internal energy and skills were feeble.
“Mr. Rhys, I did my best. I hope I have bought enough time for you to escape, Stephan muttered as he laid in the rain, despair in his eyes.
Dracor was on another level as he had already attained the highest tier of martial arts. In addition, he had trained his body to be as impenetrable as steel.
No wonder he was deemed the best martial artist in Swinton!
Stephan knew that he was no match for Dracor. He couldn’t even put up a good fight.
“It is an honor for you to die at my hands!” Dracor came up to Stephan and stared at him condescendingly, like looking down on a bug.
He lifted his leg to stomp on Stephan’s chest and finish him off.
At that moment, all the glass windows of the hospital building shattered simultaneously.
A dark figure swooped down and landed heavily on the ground. The tough cement crumbled beneath his feet and large cracks propagated from the spot where he landed, like a spider’s web that extended for miles.
“Who is it?” Everyone had bewildered expressions on their faces.
###Chapter 141 by Marina Vittori
“Who is it?” The sudden explosion caught everyone by surprise.
Initially, they thought someone had committed suicide by jumping off the building.
However, after a good look, they realized the figure who had jumped off the building was still standing tall. In his hand, he was holding a black umbrella as he stood in the rain, giving off an overwhelming and
mysterious aura.
“Mr. Rhys! This man’s dangerous, run for your life!” Stephan screamed his lungs out.
that the White Dragon guild was here, why did he join the fray instead of escaping? Was he looking for
death?
“Punk, are you that Dustin guy?” Dracor sized Dustin up, noting his thin and frail build.
“Yes, it’s me,” Dustin replied.
“You got some guts for not running away from the sight of me, punk!” Dracor smirked.
“Why should I run? I was waiting for you,” Dustin said nonchalantly.
“Really?” Dracor raised his eyebrows.
“Interesting. It’s been a long time since I have last seen an arrogant punk like you.”
“Mr. Rhys, he is too powerful for you! With his impenetrable skin and overwhelming energy, even if we combine our attacks, we are no match for him! Go and get support from the Harmon family while I’ll hold him back!” Stephan scrambled to stand up, using the last ounce of his strength to help Dustin escape.
“Mr. Chapman, it’s alright. Leave the rest to me.” Dustin smiled, touched by his resolution.
It was commendable that Stephan was prepared to die to protect him, even though he was ordered by
someone else.
“Mr. Rhys, you’re still unaware of the situation. Not only is this man the guild master of the White Dragon guild, but he is also the best martial artist in Swinton! He is head and shoulders above both of us! Just escape while
you can!” Stephan urged.
Although Dustin was a martial artist as well, he could only harness internal energy.
On the other hand, as a high–level martial artist, Dracor already had the ability to manifest his energy
externally.
In addition, he fortified his body to be as impenetrable as steel. Even among the high–level martial artists, he
was considered one of the best.
Defeating a lower–level martial artist like Dustin would be a walk in the park!
“Mr. Chapman, don’t worry. I can deal with this,” Dustin reassured him.
“Mr. Rhys, you are biting off more than you can chew! You are still young and trainable. If you survive, there is
1/3
Chapter 141
still hope for you to defeat him one day! However, the most important thing right now is to stay alive!” Stephan
was getting anxicus.
Dustin couldn’t help but feel frustrated. Were his words that unbelievable? He didn’t even care if he went up
against a godlike opponent. Defeating a high–level martial artist was nothing.
“Shut your yapping! Today, both of you will die here!” Dracor snapped his fingers.
At his signal, his disciples swarmed all at once toward Dustin.
“Mr. Rhys, run! I’ll hold them back!” Stephan gritted his teeth and rushed into the middle of the crowd. He had
to buy more time so that Dustin could escape.
Although Stephan was badly injured, he was still able to tackle a large number of men by mustering up
his remaining energy.
As Dracor’s disciples were defeated one by one. Stephan’s last–ditch effort angered Dracor.
“What a reckless idiot!” Dracor’s expression darkened.
He leaped into the air and dove at Stephan with his palm open.
“Come at me with all you’ve got!” Stephan countered with his fists.
As Stephan’s fist and Dracor’s palm came into contact, a loud blast was heard as their energies repelled each
other.
Stephan flew into the air like a punching bag, blood spurting from his mouth.
Before his limp body crashed on the ground, Dustin caught him single–handedly and nullified Dracor’s attack. He placed Stephan down and patted him on the back gently.
After that, Dustin stood up and walked confidently toward Dracor.
“Wait a minute, Mr. Rhys! I know you have some skills, but you are no match for Dracor! He is definitely not an opponent either you or I could handle! He is a monster! Quick, grab this opportunity to escape before it’s too late!” Stephan shouted frantically, ignoring the blood dripping down his face.
“Don’t worry, Stephan. On the contrary, he is no match for me.”
Heavy raindrops splashed on his umbrella as Dustin continued walking toward Dracor.
“Punk, you should have listened to his advice! Now, it’s too late to regret it! You lost your chance!”
Dracor laughed menacingly.
He dug his heels into the ground and shot out like an arrow in Dustin’s direction. He was planning to use his
momentum and crush Dustin with his body of steel!
“Mr. Rhys, be careful!” Stephan’s lace turned pale.
Dracor was a high–level martial artist and one of the best in Swinton. Going squarely against an opponent of
his caliber was just looking for trouble!
Just as Stephan thought that Dustin would die on the spot, a miracle happened!
313
Even though Dracor had smashed into Dustin’s body like a tank, he did not move an inch. He reached out, grabbed Dracor by the neck, and lifted him off the ground.
Dracor’s muscular body dangled in the air like a chicken awaiting slaughter, his feet kicking frantically.
However, he could not escape from Dustin’s iron grip.
“Mr. Chapman, what were you saying just now?” Dustin turned to Stephan and asked nonchalantly, an umbrella in one hand and Dracor hanging helplessly from the other.
Dustin couldn’t catch what Stephan had said to him just now because of the heavy rain.
Looking at the scene before him, Stephan was dumbstruck. Dracor was dangling helplessly in the air like a puppet.
Never in his dreams had Stephan imagined that the proud and arrogant Dracor Milfroy would be restrained by Dustin with just one hand.
Everything happened so quickly that Dracor had no chance to retaliate.
Besides, it had to be said that Dracor wasn’t an average, run–of–the–mill fighter. He was a high–level martial artist with formidable energy!
How could Dustin single–handedly defeat a martial artist like him?
This was ludicrous!
###Chapter 142 by Marina Vittori
“Let me go…” Dracor flailed helplessly, his face red as he gasped for air. At that moment, not only was he bewildered by the sudden twist of events, but he was also filled with dread!
He thought that he was a big fish in a small pond like Swinton. Who knew that he would end up sparring against a divine–level martial artist here?
A divine–level martial artist in his twenties? It was unheard of in all of South City. How could such an invincible lighter appear in Swinton?
“Fuck, this punk is incredible! Even our guild master was defeated by him!” The disciples of the White Dragon guild whispered among themselves in disbelief.
Seeing as their leader had been defeated, some of them slipped away as fast as they could.
“Dracor, seems like your disciples aren’t as loyal to you as you thought.” Dustin smirked.
“Who–Who the hell are you?” Dracor gritted his teeth as his veins popped from the pressure.
He didn’t have the energy to struggle any further.
“That’s not important right now. Go and send this message to Edwin. Tell him to bring his daughter and apologize to me. Otherwise, I will have a personal chat with him!”
With that, Dustin punched Dracor in the stomach. Dracor spat out a mouthful of blood as his internal energy dissipated instantly!
“H–How could you drain my energy?” Dracor widened his eyes in fear.
“Why can’t I? You have lost fair and square!” Dustin swung around and threw him into the air carelessly.
“Guild master!” The remaining disciples ran up to Dracor and helped him up.
Although they were indignant, they kept a safe distance from Dustin.
“Today, I’ve lost. I admit my defeat. Boys, let’s go!” Dracor wiped away the blood from his face as he and his men left with their tails between their legs.
“Mr. Rhys–Did you thrash Dracor Milfroy?” Stephan’s eyes were wide with shock and amazement.
“I told you. He is no match for me.” Dustin smiled easily.
He handed a gemiphen pill to Stephan. “Mr. Chapman, take this healing pill and have a good rest. You will recover from your injuries and be as good as new tomorrow.”
“Thank you, Mr. Rhys!” Stephan popped the gemiphen into his mouth without hesitation.
After a few minutes, he felt a sensation of warmth spreading outward from his stomach. He could visibly feel. the energy from the pill healing his wound from the inside out. His internal bleeding stopped, and soreness slowly disappeared from his limbs.
“Wow, this pill is incredible!” Stephan blinked in surprise at how fast his Injuries healed.
1/3
Chapter 142
“Mr. Chapman, sorry for the inconvenience. You should go back and have a rest now,” Dustin said with a smile.
“Yes, sir!” Stephan nodded and made his way home.
With Dustin’s overwhelming powers, his help was obviously unnecessary.
That night went by in a flash.
The next morning, in a VIP room at East Swinton Hospital.
“Mother, bad news! Something terrible has happened!” James rushed into the hospital room in a hurry, sweat pouring from his forehead.
“What’s the matter? Why are you so out of breath early in the morning?” Half–asleep, Florence jumped out of her skin at James‘ sudden outburst.
Some other relatives who were resting in the room looked displeased at his disturbance.
“It’s true!” James was gasping for air.
“I received news that the Hummers were going to boycott us, the Nicholson family! Half of the businesses in Swinton have us blacklisted and are unwilling to engage with our company!”
“What? Boycott us? James, are you joking? How could this be?” Florence was taken aback at the shocking news. She could not believe that was happening.
“Why would I joke about this?” James pulled a long face.
“Quine Group’s stock prices have been plummeting since this morning. If this continues, we will be bankrupt in three days!”
When James announced this, the room erupted into chaos.
“How could this happen? Why would Mr. Hummer boycott us?”
“That’s right, we have nothing against the Hummers. There’s no reason for him to do this!”
Everyone was at a loss about this situation.
Edwin Hummer was one of the Mighty Three!
With his connections and influence, it would be as easy as ple to destroy the Nicholson family!
“James! Tell me exactly what happened! Did we do anything to offend Mr. Hummer?” Florence said anxiously as beads of sweat appeared on her forehead.
“It’s not us, it’s Dustin who offended him! I heard Dustin showed up at the Hummers‘ party last night and beat up Ms. Hummer. The Hummers are boycotting us for revengel”
“That idiot again? Useless bastard! Why do we have to clean up his mess? Now the Nicholson family would have to pay for his deeds! Is there any justice left in the world?” Florence spat in anger.
“Why? We have already cut off ties with Dustin. Why would the Hummer family go after us? This isn’t fair!”
LIL
Chapter 142
“That’s right! The Nicholson family has nothing to do with Dustin any longer. He should be punished for what
he had done!”
“There’s no use complaining. Let’s think about how to placate Mr. Hummer’s anger!”
The ruckus started up again as everyone had something to say. However, no one had any concrete ideas about how to solve this issue.
Dahlia, the backbone of the family, was still unconscious. With their status, none of them had any right to
meet with Mr. Hummer.
“Is something the matter?” At that moment. Matt walked into the hospital room.
“Matt, thank goodness you are here! You have to help us, the Nicholson family is in a crisis!” Florence ran up
to him. Matt was her last hopel
The rest of them turned to Matt expectantly, nodding in agreement.
“Mrs. Nicholson, I will do my best to help. You have to tell me what’s going on.” Matt said comfortingly.
“It’s all Dustin’s fault! Here’s what happened— Florence did not hold back and briefly explained everything
that had occurred.
“I understand.” Matt nodded thoughtfully.
“Are you asking me to meet with Edwin and beg for the Hummers‘ mercy?”
“Yes, that’s right! Aren’t you acquainted with Mr. Hummer? As long as you take our side, I’m sure Mr. Hummer
will relent!” Florence pleaded.
“Mrs. Nicholson, it’s not that I refuse to help. However, Ms. Hummer is still unconscious after getting beaten up so badly. If I go to Mr. Hummer at this time, I’m afraid he would turn his anger on me.” Matt replied
awkwardly.
“Matt! If you could help us through this crisis, you would be our family’s savior! Aren’t you interested in Dahlia? Both of you can register to be married immediately once she regains consciousness!” Florence
reassured him.
“That That doesn’t sound like a good idea. I don’t want to take advantage of this situation. Why don’t we consider this again after Dahlia regains consciousness?” Mall asked.
“What’s the big deal? Both of you are mutually interested in each other. It’s just a matter of time before
getting engaged! Once we survive this crisis, both of you should get married as well!” Florence promised with
determination.
“Well I’ll do my best.” Matt nodded with a torn expression.
However, on the inside, he was elated.
###Chapter 143 by Marina Vittori
In an office of the Hummers Hospital, Edwin was resting with his eyes closed on a chair. Suddenly, a knock was heard.
“Come in.” Edwin opened his eyes and saw Fletcher walk in with a grave expression. “What’s wrong?” Edwin asked, worried.
“Sir Hummer, we received news last night that Dracor was severely injured.” Fletcher reported. “What? Dracor was beaten up? Who was the perpetrator?” Edwin’s face twitched.
“It was Dustin!” “Dustin again? How could that punk have such overwhelming powers?‘ Edwin frowned.
Dracor was his right–hand man. Being the best martial artist in Swinton, no one could withstand his attacks.
Merely the mention of his name was enough to strike fear into the hearts of his opponents.
Usually, Dracor could easily unravel any sticky situation that Edwin had assigned him to. How could such a
capable fighter like him fall into Dustin’s hands?
It was incomprehensible!
“Sir Hummer, Dustin told Dracor to send you a message,” Fletcher continued hesitantly.
“What is it?”
“Dustin insisted that Ms. Hummer had to apologize to him personally. Otherwise, he would pay you a visit!”
“That punk had the nerve to threaten me? He must have a death wish! Edwin slammed his fist on the table in
anger.
He was the one who beat Tina up. Now, he expected the Hummers to apologize to him?
Dustin was going too far!
“Sir Hummer, please calm down. His abilities are far superior to any of ours, so it is best not to fight with him
head–on.” Fletcher reasoned with Edwin.
“Then should we just let him go?” Edwin demanded.
“Of course not!” Fletcher shook his head.
“Although Dustin is a formidable martial artist, he is but one man. We can use our influence to drive him out of
Swinton,”
“Continue.” Edwin nodded to Fletcher to continue.
“Eternumax, the medicine produced by our company, is sought after by many families, especially the Harmon family! We can use this to negotiate and get their cooperation. With their support, we can take Dustin on!”
Fletcher smirked.
1/3
“That makes sense. Il Natasha agrees to abandon him, dealing with Dustin alone would be a piece of cake!” A smile played on Edwin’s lips.
–
“That’s what I thought! Nonetheless, the prescription of Eternumax is still in our control. After we are settled with that punk, it would make things easier for us to turn against the Harmon family as well. Fletcher cackled gleefully.
“Good idea. I’ll contact Natasha right away!” Without any delay, Edwin took out his phone and dialed Natasha’s number.
“Hello, is this Ms. Harmon? I’m calling about a business deal.”
“Yes, yes! This is about the Elernumax!”
“If both parties could reach an agreement, this would be a huge boost to our wealth and reputation!”
“Regarding my conditions—it’s very simple. As long as you turn your back on Dustin, we can be loyal business
partners!”
As the conversation continued, Edwin’s expression turned sour.
His face was livid when he ended the call,
“Sir Hummer, how is it? What did Natasha say?” Fletcher asked out of curiosity.
“She told me to get lost!” Edwin answered.
“What?” Fletcher was speechless at her reply.
“This woman must be blindly in love with that punk! What foolishness to forsake such a lucrative deal for a
man!” Edwin gritted his teeth in anger.
“Women tend to be emotional. She will regret it once Eternumax takes the world by storm!” Fletcher chimed in.
Edwin didn’t reply, as he had too many things on his mind.
These few days, nothing seemed to be going right for him.
“Sir Hummer, terrible news!”
At this moment, a doctor ran into the room hurriedly. “Ms. Hummer’s condition has suddenly taken a turn for
the worse!”
“What do you mean? She’s in danger? How could this have happened? Wasn’t she fine yesterday?” Edwin Jumped up from his chair. He grabbed the doctor by the collar and roared.
“Ms. Hummer is suffering from a strange condition that can’t be cured medically. Y–You would understand once you see it for yoursell,” The doctor stammered.
“Show me!” Edwin growled.
He followed the doctor all the way to the intensive care unit. Tina was lying on the hospital bed. Her face was twisted with agony, and she appeared very weak.
“Tina, how are you feeling?” Edwin knelt beside her bed, his face filled with worry.
2/3
Chapter 143
“Dad—I don’t feel so good, it hurts Tina whispered weakly, as it her life was hanging on a thread.
“What the hell happened? Why would my daughter deteriorate into such a poor state?” Edwin glared at the
doctor.
“Sir Hummer, we have fixed the fractures on Ms. Hummer. Her injuries should be healed in a few days. However, she has other injuries that we can’t fix.”
“What other injuries?” Edwin furrowed his brows.
“Sir Hummer, please have a look.” The doctor removed the blankets from Tina’s body.
On her abdomen, there were a few purple bruises. It seemed like she was hurt by a heavy . The size of the bruises was at least 3 inches long and slightly sunken inward.
“Isn’t that just a bruise? What’s there to be worried about?” Edwin asked, puzzled.
“Sir Hummer, this isn’t a normal bruise. It’s a symptom of a rare curse. The person who left the curse has. blocked Ms. Hummer’s blood circulation. If this continues, the organs in her body will malfunction and die. According to my experience. Ms. Hummer’s life would be in serious danger!” The doctor explained gravely.
“What?! How could this be? Is there no cure?” Edwin was taken aback at the startling news.
“Unless the person who placed the curse lifted it, there’s no cure!” The doctor sighed and shook his head.
###Chapter 144 by Marina Vittori
“What do you mean it can’t be cured?” Edwin repeated. “Are you telling me that only that Rhys punk can cure my daughter’s sickness?” He furrowed his brows as the color drained from his face.
“You certainly need the right person for the right job, so we’ll have to track him down no matter what it takes.”
The doctor confirmed. “I can’t believe this bastard! How dare he use such underhanded tactics!” Edwin growled through gritted teeth as his eyes flashed with anger.
“What should we do now, Sir Hummer?” Fletcher asked.
They had failed to bribe Natasha, and Dracor was now in critical condition from getting beaten up. It seemed
like both civilized and uncivilized methods had failed to work. Dustin seemed to be a thom in their side lately.
But most importantly, Tina’s life was literally in that man’s hands.
So, even if they had any countermeasures up their sleeves, they were still afraid of making the first move.
After remaining silent for a while. Edwin finally decided. “Call that punk and get ready to negotiate with him!”
“Yes, Sir!” Fletcher obliged. He then proceeded to hastily ask someone for Dustin’s number.
After dialing the number, he swiftly handed the phone over to Edwin.
“Hello, who is this?” Dustin’s voice came from the other end.
“Edwin Hummer speaking.” Edwin greeted coldly while holding back his anger.
“Let me a
ask you one thing, kid. Did you harm my daughter in any way, or did you not?”
“So it’s Sir Hummer on the line. Well if you’re referring to the curse, then yes, they were from me,” Dustin
replied dryly.
“You got a lot of fucking nerve, boy! How dare you lay your hands on my daughter?!” Edwin roared while
gnashing his teeth.
“Why don’t you ask your daughter about the things she’s done? How would she have ended up like this if she hadn’t pushed her weight around so much?” Dustin retorted indillerently.
“Hmph, you’re the last person I want to talk to about this right now! You’d better cure my daughter right this
instant!” Edwin ordered.
“What makes you think I should do everything you ask right away? Don’t you think you’re being a little too cocky right now?” Dustin scoffed.
“So you want to bargain first, don’t you? Fine, we can do that! As long as you cure my little girl, I promise not to hold you accountable for anything else in the future! Edwin barked.
“Heh, that’s it?” Dustin sneered in reply.
“I’ll also lift the ban on the Nicholsons immediately so that the whole family can get back on track.”
“I’m afraid you’re still mistaken about what I truly want. I do not need these, Dustin replied.
“What do you want then?” Edwin growled.
“It’s simple. I just want your daughter to apologize to me,” Dustin said.
“What?! You want her to apologize to you?!” Edwin shrieked, his face turning cold in an instant.
“Is it unreasonable to ask for an apology from someone who assaulted you for no reason?” Dustin asked rhetorically.
“Who do you think you are, kid? How dare you request that a Hummer apologize to you? What makes you think you deserve the honor?” Edwin roared while burning with anger.
While he did not intend to pursue the matter, which was already out of the reach of the law in the first place, he felt that this man was full of himself for thinking that the Hummers owed him an apology!
“If you refuse to give me an apology. I’ll just save my breath then. However, you can’t blame me for not reminding you that your daughter won’t be able to hold on for much longer, Dustin said, then immediately hung up the phone after.
“Does this punk think that he can push me around?!” Edwin bellowed.
Edwin was so furious, he almost smashed the phone in his hands onto the ground. Who did he think he was. exactly?
He was one of the Mighty Three, the richest man in his city, and was also known as an important figure in the Underground World,
Within his domain, it could be said that he was the one who called the shots and that he could get anything he asked for at the drop of a hat.
He couldn’t remember the last time he had been humiliated like this.
What would happen to the Hummer’s reputation if word got out that they visited the Nicholsons to offer an apology? Would they still have any dignity left after that?
“I feel it would be wiser to be the bigger person in this situation, Sir Hummer. We should agree to his terms first in order to save Ms. Hummer.” Mr. Lawson advised from the side.
“If we agree to his terms now, won’t any Tom, Dick, and Harry gain the right to shit and piss on the Hummer name from then on?” Edwin snapped in a booming voice.
“This is just one way to slow him down, Sir Hummer. Once we manage to save Miss Hummer first, we can still take our time in thinking up ways to get back at that punk,” Mr. Lawson suggested.
Edwin fell silent after hearing that.
His suggestion was reasonable, but the prospect of giving up the reputation of the Hummers to lower themselves to offer an apology to others was an unbearably uncomfortable thought to him.
“Dad, it hurts It’s so painful! Save me! Tina Hummer moaned profusely as she laid in bed.
Looking at his daughter’s pain–stricken face, Edwin took a deep breath and finally decided to settle on a compromise.
He dialed Dustin’s number once again and spat into the phone. “I’ll adhere to your terms, kid, but you’d better not play tricks with me!”
“The apology has to be sincere. If you insist on acting like this, then we have nothing else to talk about,” Dustin said indifferently.
“How dare you-“Edwin stopped as the corner of his eye began to twitch.
“Fine, you win! I’ll send someone over today at noon to give an apology in person!” He roared while forcefully holding back his anger.
“I’ll be waiting.” Dustin replied.
During noontime, inside a VIP ward in East Swinton Hospital, Dahlia had woken up a long time ago, and the redness and puffiness on her cheeks had already faded quite a bit.
Her hands were still wrapped with bandages, so she was advised not to move around too much for the time being.
When Dustin walked through the door with a fruit basket in hand, he noticed that members of the Nicholson family had gathered together and were discussing something.
Even old Mr. Nicholson, who had been living in seclusion, had shown u
up.
“The nerve of you to show your face here, Rhys! Do you have the slightest idea about the amount of damage you’ve caused us? Because of you, the Hummers banned us! Are you happy now that the Quine Group is on the brink of collapse?” Florence yelled at him the moment she laid eyes on him. She went from her initial state of calm to jumping to her feet and spewing expletives.
The others remained silent but eventually started donning indignant looks on their faces. Even Dahlia was
frowning at him.
She received news of the Nicholsons‘ ban from the Hummers the moment she woke up, and the reason for that was that Custin had allegedly given Ms. Hummer a beating.
Although she knew that she herself was the person he had done it for. But his ‘help‘ had ultimately sent the entire Nicholson family to the fiery depths of an inlerno instead!
“Alright, alright, stop bickering already. We all know that Dustin did all that to stand up for Dahlia, While it was somewhat impulsive, I’d like to think that he did it with pure intentions in mind,” Old Mr. Nicholson tried to calm everyone down.
“Are you honestly still speaking on his behall when things have gotten to this stage, Dad? Do you only intend to stop when the family is in shambles? Florence said through gritted teeth.
“Don’t worry, I’ve already taken care of the problem with the Hummers, Dustin spoke up calmly.
“What do you mean you’ve taken care of It? What’s your solution? If you were that capable in the first place.
Chapter 144
would the Nicholsons still be banned by now? You’d better scram right now. I don’t want to see your face
anymore! Shoo!” Florence screamed.
In the middle of her rage, she grabbed the fruit basket from Dustin’s hands and smashed it onto the ground.
###Chapter 145 by Marina Vittori
“That’s enough! Now’s not the time to point fingers. Since we’re in a tight situation now, what everyone needs to do is help one another out and ride out the storm together, not grab each other by the throat!” Old Mr. Nicholson yelled after witnessing Florence’s burst of rage.
“Easy for you to say. This is the Hummer’s ban we’re talking about. Who knows, all of us might go bankrupt in a couple of days and no longer have a place to call home in Swinton anymore!” Florence snapped in fury.
“That’s right! If it wasn’t for Dustin, who kept stirring up trouble and dragging us down with him, how could the Nicholsons even have ended up in this situation today?” James spoke, and the rest agreed with him.
“What’s going on, Dustin? I believe that you can enlighten all of us here?” Dahlia suddenly piped up. She was giving him a chance to explain himself properly.
“Tina was unruly and unreasonable, which is why I decided to put her in her place,” Dustin replied bluntly.
“See, everyone heard that, right? He beat up the girl first, so he was the one who instigated this whole thing in the first place. So, he’s entirely to blame for the ban on the Nicholson family!” Florence shouted even more fiercely.
“You’re a thorn in our sides, Dustin! You owe us an explanation for every affliction you’ve caused all of us!”
“I suggest kidnapping him and handing him over to the Hummers so that we can quell their rage!”
A bunch of chatter erupted from the crowd, and it could be seen that most of them were in favor of kidnapping him.
“You are too impulsive, Dustin! Do you even know who Ms. Hummer is? What makes you think you’re worthy of going head–to–head with her? Do you know how much trouble you’ve caused?” Dahlia scoffed with a frown.
“So what you’re telling me.Is that I should’ve just sat there and watched as you got brutally beaten up and humiliated?” Dustin sneered coldly.
It didn’t matter if Florence and the others didn’t understand, but if Dahlia still insisted on pinning the blame on him, then he’d feel that all his efforts were for nothing.
“Don’t you twist my words! I am trying to tell you to consider the consequences first before doing
19 anything! Not only did you get us into trouble, you even hurt your reputation in the process!” Dahlia retorted with a scowl
on her face.
“I’m not the type to dwell on the details. All I know is that I’ll get revenge on anyone who crosses me!” Dustin said in a cold voice.
“You guys heard it yoursell! This kid is still as stubborn as ever! Thus, we must hand him over to the Hummers! “Florence instigated as she gestured at two of the younger Nicholsons.
The two immediately understood her intention and placed their hands on each side of Dustin’s shoulders.” You’d better be more cooperative with us, or else you’ll get what’s coming to you!”
Dustin frowned and was ready to pounce on them when Julle suddenly burst into the room with a panicked look on her face. “This is bad, Auntie! The Hummers have brought their men here to kill us all!*
Chanter 145
“What?!” A collective gasp arose from everyone in the room as the news startled them.
They thought it was already bad that the whole family got banned, but they never expected the Hummers to be this cruel.
They were already knocking at their doors. Were they trying to drive them into a corner?
“It’s over, it’s over! We’re dead meat this time!”
“How could this happen? Why can’t the Hummers give us a break for once?”
The crowd panicked and started jumping to their feet anxiously.
“It’s all because of that damn bastard! It’s all his fault!”
“That’s right! The Hummers must have come for Dustin, so let’s hand him over and we’ll be all right!”
Everyone in the crowd immediately turned their gazes to Dustin, causing a million laser–like glares to land on
him at the same time.
In their opinion, if they could sacrifice Dustin to save themselves, that would be the best course of action.
Just as the crowd was still in an uproar, a group of people from the Hummer family started boldly entering the
venue.
The leader of the procession was Tina, who was sitting in a wheelchair, Following behind her were a few representatives from the Hummer family, as well as a few escorting bodyguards.
At the time. Tina looked weak, as her eyes were half shut and half open. Both of her hands and feet were in casts, her entire face was bruised and swollen, and her features seemed to have been disfigured completely.
If someone were not closely acquainted with her, they would have a hard time telling between her current and
actual looks.
“M–Ms. Hummer?” The crowd let out a gasp.
Everyone from the Nicholsons was taken aback as they stared at the nearly paralyzed and disfigured Tina. Although they knew that she’d gotten her ass beaten, they didn’t expect it to be that bad. Her face had swelled up so much that it almost resembled a pig’s head.
If they hadn’t seen it with their own eyes, they wouldn’t have believed that the young, spoiled–to–the–core lady
of the Hummer family would even live to see such a day.
Wasn’t this Dustin fellow too much for doing that though?
“D–Dustin—Don’t tell me you were the one who beat Ms. Hummer up this badly?” One of the Nicholsons asked shakily as he looked at the others in shock..
“Rhys! You’d better admit everything by your own choice later and not drag us into this!” Florence shouted as
she broke into a nervous sweat.
The situation was much direr than she had anticipated.
James went straight to the point. After walking three steps forward, he immediately fell to his knees with a
2/3
Chapter 145
loud “Thud” in front of the Hummers. The inertia generated by his fall caused his torso to slide forward by a
few inches.
“Ms. Hummer, this has nothing to do with us! It was Dustin Rhys who beat you up, so if you want to plot your revenge, please just plot it on his head. Please spare our family!” James pleaded in desperation.
Upon witnessing this, the majority of the Nicholsons unanimously approved of his actions on the inside. They admired him for his humble and responsible nature and thought of him as one of the good men in the Nicholson family.
He was probably the type to rush forward in the face of danger too. They were certain that the Nicholson family would continue to thrive and prosper, what with such an outstanding individual in the family.
“Huh?” A collective gasp arose from the people from the Hummers.
When they all saw James kneel on the floor, some of them exchanged glances with one another, completely dumbfounded by what had just happened in front of them.
Shouldn’t they be the ones apologizing? How come it’s the other way around now? What the hell was happening now?
“I suppose you must be mistaken about something, kid?” The butler of the Hummer family asked with perplexed look on his face.
Even though he had imagined countless horrible scenarios that could come out of this, this wasn’t in his predictions at all
“Oh right, before I forget” before the butler could finish his sentence, James immediately assumed that the butler wasn’t planning on letting them go.
He turned around and started flailing his hands in the air. “Someone, anyone! Bring Dustin to me! I’ll get him to bow down to the Hummers and beg for their forgiveness!”
“Heh, I’ll do it myself,” Dustin said, shaking off the two men before he trudged forward.
“Everyone! That’s him! He’s the one who beat her up- James shouted while pointing at Dustin.
When the Hummers finally saw what had unfolded in front of their eyes, their expressions changed dramatically and all of them fell to their knees with a loud ‘Thud“.
###Chapter 146 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?!” James” jaw dropped to the floor looking at the representatives from the Hummer family kneeling toward him. Everyone’s eyes were as big as saucers as they stared in disbelief.
Who would’ve thought that the high and mighty Hummer family would ever kneel toward them in their lives? Were these mega–bigshots ever this humble before? What was wrong with them today? Were they sick or something?
“What’s happening? Didn’t the Hummers come to retaliate? Why are they all kneeling?”
“What are the Hummers doing? This isn’t some kind of reverse psychology tactic, right?”
“Something’s fishy here. I think this is part of their plan!”
As the Nicholsons continued to stare at the Hummers who were kneeling in front of them, not only were they not the least bit happy about this, but this even frightened them tremendously.
Some of their legs even gave out as time passed. That was because the scene in front of them was too overwhelming for them to handle.
To think that a mega bigshot would kneel for them? They couldn’t even see it happening in their dreams.
“Forgive me. Ms. Nicholson. The Hummers were the ones who were at fault last night. Thus, we are gathered here today for the young lady to offer her sincere apologies to you in person. I hope you can forgive us, Ms. Nicholson.” After Fletcher took the lead and spoke up, he immediately bent down and kneeled on the ground
with the utmost sincerity.
“Our sincere apologies, Ms. Nicholson!” The representatives from the Hummer family shouted. All of them kneeled in unison afterward, without much thought for their reputation.
Such a turn of events dumbfounded the Nicholsons yet again. So, it was true! The Hummers were apologizing
to them!
But the question now was, why?
“W–why are you all? What is going on, Mr. Lawson?” Dahlia stuttered while lying on her hospital bed. She was
so antsy about the situation that she immediately got out of bed.
Weren’t they here for revenge? Why were they kneeling toward her?
“The Hummers aren’t unreasonable people. We admit our mistakes when we’ve done wrong, so we hope that you can forgive us for our trespasses, Ms. Nicholson, Fletcher replied with his head lowered.
“What are you talking about, Mr. Lawson? Please get up quickly! I’m afraid there has been a
misunderstanding. We’d already be glad if the matter was dropped entirely. What other reason do we have to accuse the Hummer family of?” Florence apologized profusely with a big smile after she came to her senses.
“Yes, she’s right! Please get up from the floor, Mr. Lawson!” The Nicholsons were still in a state of shock even
now.
Chapter 146
To them, it was already a huge relief that the Hummers were willing to let the matter slide. They wouldn’t ever have the guts to coerce them into apologizing to them.
“As long as you continue to refuse to accept our apology, we’ll continue kneeling like this until the end of time. Ms. Nicholson.” Fletcher insisted stubbornly.
“Please get off the floor, Mr. Lawson. Let’s just pretend none of this ever happened, alright? Dahlia spluttered. somewhat at a loss for words.
Even though Tina was the one who was at fault, she ended up being the one who suffered more severe injuries
than Dahlia.
While she was expected to recover in about three to five days, she doubted if Tina could even get out of bed by herself without resting in bed for hall a month first.
This was the main reason she was so speechless when she heard that Tina, a member of the usually pigheaded Hummer family, was even going to apologize to her.
“Thank you, Ms. Nicholson, for being so kind to us!” Fletcher exclaimed as his face lit up with joy. He proceeded to give her a bow before gesturing for the representatives from the Hummer family to get up off the
floor.
“This is great. So it was a misunderstanding, after all. We should be fine now.” Florence let cut a long sigh of
relief.
Although she didn’t know what had just happened, it was obvious that they managed to tide through this time
of crisis unscathed.
“That’s right! Peace and harmony bring wealth, after all!” James grinned, even though his back was drenched
in a cold sweat.
Just when everyone thought that they were sale, Dustin suddenly spoke out, “Wait a minute. Tina was the one who beat Dahlia up, so it’s only fair that she apologize too,”
The crowd immediately burst into an uproar the moment they heard that. Some of the representatives from the Hummer family started exchanging glances with frowns on their faces.
Meanwhile, it felt as if the Nicholsons had been struck by lightning, as all of them remained frozen on the spot.
Was that man batshit crazy?!
The Hummers had already announced that they planned to drop the matter entirely, so why was it that this man still insisted on courting death on their behall?
It was one thing to beat her up and cause such a huge disaster to happen in the first place, so why did he still insist on getting an apology out of Ms. Hummer when the Hummers had already decided to drop the matter?
The fucking audacity of this bastard!
“Rhys! Have you been kicked in the head by a donkey? If you don’t know what to say, then shut up!” The moment she reeled back from her shock, Florence barked at him out of fear,
“You little shit! If you want to fucking kick the bucket so much, why don’t you keep us out of this!” James
2/3
Chapter 146
cursed and felt like going up to him to throw hands.
“Some balls you got. Rhys! The Hummers let you off by the grace of their hearts, and yet you still dare to say that so shamelessly! Do you want to die so badly?”
To them, Dustin was a lunatic who spouted nonsense. Both parties had already reconciled with one another, so why bother stirring up trouble again?
What if this angered the Hummers? Then, who would be the one to take the fall?
“Is it not right to seek an apology from someone who beat you up? Am I wrong?” Dustin asked plainly.
“Shut the fuck up, Rhys! You’re a nuisance. You’re going to get us killed!” Florence jumped to her feet and
cursed.
“Dustin! Please stop this, okay?” Dahlia pleaded as she broke out in a cold sweat too.
She hadn’t expected the man in front of her to spew such outrageous words from his mouth in their current predicament.
“Fine. I’ll shut up. I’ll leave the rest up to all of you,” Dustin replied. Without saying anything more, he retreated to a corner, by his own admission.
“I think his brain must have been fried, Ms. Hummer. Thus, you shouldn’t pay him any mind.” Florence immediately lunged forward to apologize, as she was afraid of offending the Hummer family.
“Yes, yes! This guy is a psychopath. He no longer has dealings with the Nicholsons.” James was also full of smiles as he feigned humility.
However, instead of feeling any sort of relief, the representatives from the Hummer family turned
extraordinarily gloomy instead.
After Fletcher whispered a few words to Tina, who was nearly fully paralyzed in her wheelchair, Tina gritted her teeth and finally opened her mouth to croak something.
1–I’m sorry…it was all my fault,” She said, out of breath.
The whole room fell dead silent the moment she finished.
Florence and the rest were even more shell–shocked, as their expressions immediately twisted into shock.
Did the spoiled young lady of the Hummers, the one who called all the shots in Swinton, actually just apologize?
###Chapter 147 by Marina Vittori
When Tina and her entourage left the scene, the Nicholsons still felt like they were in a daze.
They were still reeling at the fact that the high and mighty young lady of the Hummer family had not only pardoned their wrongdoings but was also the first to humble herself and apologize to them in person after getting her ass whooped.
It was truly unfathomable!
“What’s wrong with the Hummers today? Who knew that they could even be this humble?”
“I know, right? If I hadn’t pinched mysell, I would have thought I was dreaming!”
“Could it be that Ms. Hummer genuinely realized her mistakes, and that’s why she came over to apologize in
person?”
“Nonsense! You overestimate how righteous the Hummer family can be!”
The Nicholsons erupted into a flurry of discussion, and it seemed like it wasn’t about to die down soon.
“This can’t be Dustin’s doing, right?” Julle asked herself with a suspicious look; she felt uneasy on the inside.
Ever since last night’s beating session, Dustin had displayed a kind of calm that was uncommon in most people. As if he was confident that everything was going fine as planned.
So, either he was completely aware of the situation, or he was too good at hiding his emotions.
Then again, when she thought back to the fact that he’d been married to his cousin for three years and hadn’t accomplished much over the years, she found it incredibly hard to believe that he was the guy who brought the Hummers to their knees.
Amid all the confusion, Matt Laney, who was dressed to the nines, suddenly strolled into the room.
“Huh, so everyone’s already here. Just in time, too. I have good news for you all the ban by the Hummers has officially been lifted!” Matt announced the news with a big grin.
“I understand everything now! So, everything that happened just now was because of you, right Matt?” Florence probed, as she assumed she’d succeeded in connecting all the dots. Her gaze instantly perked up
too.
“That’s right! How did I forget that we still have Matt here with us!” James exclaimed after coming back to his
senses.
“No wonder the Hummers apologized to us! So, after all, it was because Matt was secretly helping us behind
the scenes!”
“Exactly! Who else could be this capable apart from Mr. Laney?”
At that moment, all of the Nicholsons had starstruck looks on their faces.
So the reason why the Hummer family decided to offer an apology was that Matt had pressed them to do so.
behind the scenes.
–
Chapter 14)
That’s right!
That must be the case!
“What’s wrong? What just happened?” Matt asked around, confused.
To think that they just bombarded him with things he didn’t understand. Even if he had sharp wits, he was still unable to piece together everything that had happened yet.
“You don’t have to hide anything from us anymore, Matt. We all saw what you did. If not for you, how would Ms. Hummer even have apologized to us?” Florence said with a relieved look on her face.
“She apologized?” Matt repeated in disbelief, and his heart rate started to increase.
He knew exactly the kind of person Tina was. To think that an obnoxious woman like her had shown up at one’s door to apologize in person?
“Exactly, Matt! This time, not only did you tide the Nicholsons through our storms, you even managed to surprise our family. You are a great benefactor to our family!” James praised enthusiastically.
*Thank you, Mr. Laney! You saved our whole family!” The Nicholsons shouted as they stretched out their
hands to thank him profusely.
“Um—” Matt trailed off in confusion.
Immediately after reeling from his stupor, the ever–quick–witted Matt flashed a big smile. “No need to be so polite, everyone. It was just something easy to take care of, I didn’t even do much.”
Although he had no idea what the context behind this was, he felt like he should just accept the Nicholsons” gratitude towards him.
After all, who would think of turning down another’s kindness?
“You’re too modest, Matt! If it weren’t for you, I’m afraid the Nicholsons might have ended up in shambles!” James continued boasting.
“Please, please, this is nothing.” Matt grinned and shook his head. His modest and courteous appearance was worthy of nothing but praise, after all.
“You got lucky this time, Rhys! I didn’t expect you to get away with this! What are you still standing there for? Hurry up and bow down to Matt and give him your thanks now!” Florence yelled as she shifted her sharp gaze
toward Dustin.
“You want me to bow down to thank him? On what grounds?” Dustin sneered out of the corners of his eyes.
“Hmph, you’d better not be ungrateful! You were the one who beat someone up and caused such havoc in the first place, so if it weren’t for Matt, who saved your ass, do you think that you could even be standing here
right now?” Florence retorted with a glare.
“That’s right! If it weren’t for Matt, you would have died a hundred Ilmes over for beating someone up by now!” James echoed in agreement.
“You guys give Matt too much credit. He’s not even remotely as capable as you think he is,” Dustin replied
with a cold expression.
2/3
He was even impressed at the mental gymnastics they performed to get to this point. To think that they dared to prop him up and hail him as if he were a savior without knowing the full story yet.
And worst of all, Matt was just standing by and taking it all in.
“Hmph! Are you telling us that you’re more capable than Matt? Why don’t you look into the mirror and reflect on the kind of person you really are?”
“Yeah! People like you only know how to cause trouble and nothing else!”
“To think that there are people in this world who could be so heartless! Not only did he not thank his savior, he even talked shit about him! How disgusting!”
The Nicholsons berated Dustin. They despised people like him who were hellbent on repaying good with evil from the bottom of their hearts.
“Is it so hard for you just to thank someone, Dustin? If it weren’t for Matt, you might have been killed by now!” Dahlia suddenly piped up.
To her, Dustin was still being ignorant until the bitter end. Compared to Matt saving his life, what was a mere
thank you?
“I would have if he had actually helped me. But he didn’t. In fact, not only did he not help me, he was the one
who started this whole fiasco in the first place!” Dustin replied flatly.
“What do you mean?” Dahlia frowned.
“Iran a background check and found out that Matt and Tina are lovers. Tina deliberately targeted you out of jealousy, thinking that you and he had some hanky panky going on behind the scenes. So, that was what led to the assault! In a nutshell, he’s the true culprit all along!” Dustin declared firmly.
“Bullshit! Rhys! Not to insult you or anything, but Matt is an upright guy. He’s not as bad as you say he is!” Florence cursed and jumped to her feet without waiting for Matt to respond.
“That’s right! I think you’re just jealous! You probably planted all kinds of evidence to frame him, knowing how much better he is than you!” James scolded.
“Oh, Dustin. Who knew you’d be so despicable!” The Nicholsons scoffed.
“Why do you always insist on causing havoc, Dustin? Can’t you be more mature and sensible for once?” Dahlia spat with a scowl
However, it was fairly obvious to her that he had done all of that as a result of his jealous rage.
“Don’t believe me? Just ask Julie. She was the one who saw it all last night!” Dustin defended himself and pointed at something.
Everyone’s gazes immediately shifted to see what he was pointing at.
###Chapter 148 by Marina Vittori
“What, me? When all eyes fell on her, Julie couldn’t help but be stunned and speechless for a while. She was just here for the show, so why did she get implicated in this whole mess when she was just another person in the crowd?
“Tell us everything you saw, and don’t try to hide anything, Julie. I want to see how this punk can still argue his way out of this!” Florence ordered as she crossed her arms.
“Yeah, Julic. Just tell us everything that’s or your mind. We must expose this punk for all his lies!” The Nicholsons spoke out in agreement.
“Um–But before Julie could say anything, she stopped herself.
Her response made the people in the crowd feel like she’d be a loose cannon.
This was especially true for Matt, as he stood there with his heart pounding out of his chest while his forehead
broke out in a cold sweat.
He’d already been scared shitless when Dustin spoke out the truth just now, so if Julie also knew something and exposed him for being the one who lied instead, he’d lose lace!
“I believe you know what happened yesterday the best. Julie. So, it’s time to tell everyone the truth,” Dustin
added flatly.
“Stop this nonsense at once. Dustin! Save some face for yourself already.” Dahlia chided with a frown.
“There’s no need to be afraid, Julie. Your aunt here will back you up no matter what you say, so just tell us
what you saw!” Florence said, acting all protective all of a sudden.
“About last night Julie started and trailed off. After hesitating for a few seconds, she mustered up the
courage to continue with a firm gaze. “Yesterday night, I saw nothing and know nothing about the events that
went down. All I knew was that Dustin was the one who beat up Ms. Hummer!”
The moment she finished, Dustin froze on the spot. He didn’t expect Julle to completely flip the story on its
head in front of so many people like that.
“Did you hear that, Rhys? So, this is the whole truth! I can’t wait to see how you’re going to argue your way out
of this!” Florence shouted even louder than before.
“Not only do you not know how to be grateful, but to think that you even resorted to repaying good with evil, Dustin! You really are shameless! The Nicholsons spal and shook their heads. They stare at him with looks of
contempt and disdain.
Now that the evidence was conclusive, no amount of arguing could ever get him out of this mess.
“Ugh.” Dahlia sighed as a look of disappointment appeared on her lace. She had given him so many chances to back down, and yet the man still insisted on being as stubborn as ever.
It was almost as it he wanted all of this to happen to him.
“I don’t think I’ve ever offended you, so why do you insist on slandering my name, Dustin? It’s a good thing
1/3
that Julie has an upright character and helped me clear my name today. If not, I doubt if I could even recover from this!” Matt spat, feigning anger.
He’d been on tenterhooks the entire time, but he can’t help but be secretly relieved now.
“You know exactly what you did. So stop pretending in front of me already.” Dustin snapped before turning his gaze to Julie. “And as for you. I don’t understand why you’re lying right now. I’m sure you know the kind of person Matt is very well. But if you insist on standing there and watching your cousin jump into a firepit, then I’ve got nothing else to say to you.”
“Stop spouting nonsense! What did I lie anout? It was clearly you who hit Ms. Hummer!” Julie insisted obstinately.
“Rhys! Now that your plan to slander has failed, are you resorting to threatening people? Do you honestly think that we’re afraid of you?” Florence shouted in fury.
“Stop this insanity, Dustin! Stop making a fool of yourself already!” Dahlia cried. She only hoped that could see himself and the reality of the situation now.
Dustin
“Since you guys don’t believe me, let’s just pretend that I said nothing today. I’ll be taking my leave now,” Dustin shook his head as he decided not to argue with them any further. He then turned around to leave.
He never asked for any reward or even gratitude, but he felt disappointed by their response today.
“Hold it right there! You’ve slandered my name on multiple occasions, and yet you still think of running away without giving me an apology first? Aren’t you being a little pretentious right now?” Matt ordered.
He had never liked Dustin, but to keep up his gentlemanly facade, he always tried to brush his ill feelings toward him aside. So, now that the opportunity to take out his anger had come, he naturally didn’t want to let it go so easily.
“You want me to apologize to you? What makes you think that you’re worthy of it?” Dustin sneered.
“You’re not allowed to leave if you don’t apologize to me today!” Matt growled as he used his body to block.
the doorway, his gaze menacing.
He had practiced martial arts for a few years, so he thought it would be a breeze to put an average man like
him in his place.
“Is that so? Then, I’d like to see if you can actually block my path. Dustin snorted coldly before pushing past
Matt and walking out of the door.
“Thinking of leaving? I’d like to see you try!” Matt shouted in rage as he grabbed Dustin’s shoulder with one
hand and shoved him hard. He thought that he could teach him a lesson by doing that.
“You dare lay a finger on me?” Dustin said coldly as he turned around. He then proceeded to give Mall a heavy
slap on his face, the sheer force of which sent Mali llying into the air.
Two teeth could even be seen flying out of his mouth.
“Y–you actually dare to hit someone at this moment, Rhys?” Florence gasped in horror. She didn’t think Dustin
would be so bold as to assault someone In public.
“An animal! He’s an animal!”
Chapter 148
“Matt saved your life with good intentions, and yet you still did this to him! You’re worse than a dog!”
Everyone started cursing at Dustin angrily. Everything would’ve been fine if he hadn’t laid a finger on Matt, but now that he had, everyone no longer held back their verbal assaults.
“Are you out of your mind. Dustin? Why are you beating people up now?” Dahlia scowled. She quickly went to help Matt up from the floor.
To think that he’d turned his embarrassment into anger and had even resorted to beating people up in public. This was unheard of!
“Can’t you see that he was the one who threw hands first? Dustin retorted with a grimace.
“He merely grazed you, so why did you have to return the favor so harshly?” Dahlia probed with an icy glare.
“So, are you telling me that it’s fine if he does it? But when I do it back, I’m committing the greatest sin in all of humanity?” Dustin snickered.
“You’re clearly just trying to force a point here! I hereby order you to apologize to Matt right now!” Dahlia glared.
“What if I don’t want to?” Dustin frownes slightly.
“Then, I’ll make you!” Dahlia shouted. With that, she slapped him in the face in a fit of rage.
###Chapter 149 by Marina Vittori
“Slap!” A crisp noise sounded as Dahlia’s hand landed heavily on Dustin Rhy’s face.
Due to the excessive force she applied behind the slap, the wounds on her hand that had just healed got torn open again, causing a stream of fresh blood to flow down her fingers.
Dustin touched the side of his face that burned from the slap and merely stood right where he was with a
neutral expression on his face.
He could take all the misunderstandings and contempt from other people, but he refused to accept the fact that his ex–wife had just slapped him on behalf of another man.
“Why? Why do you insist on being this way?” Dahlia said through gritted teeth as her eyes filled with tears and immense disappointment overtook her.
She couldn’t understand for the life of her why Dustin had become the person he was today. He was close- minded, full of jealousy, and a gossipmonger; he was even repaying kindness with evil now.
All kinds of bad attributes were concentrated in the body of this man. She wanted this slap to serve as a wake-
up call to him!
“Hmph. Do you want to fight me, kid? Aren’t you a little too young for that?” Matt couldn’t help but sneer at him
as he witnessed the two of them turn against each other.
Although he had just lost two teeth, he couldn’t help but feel somewhat triumphant on the inside when he saw
Dahlia slap Dustin to stand up for him.
“That was a good slap! He deserves to be slapped!” Florence cheered as her eyes lit up.
“That’s right! If you don’t teach him a lesson, are you still considered human at that point?” James parroted
out loud.
“Ha—” Dustin suddenly let out a tired sigh after a long time of silence.
After getting married for three years, the two had barely quarreled, let alone thrown hands at one another. Thus, this would be the first and last time this happened!
“That slap just now was for everything I’ve ever done to you in the past. From now on, you and I don’t owe each other anything anymore,” Dustin said quietly. Dustin took a deep breath before calmly turning around to
leave.
There was no anger, no complaints–just an unexpected feeling of quiet indifference.
“Huh?” Dahlia gasped in shock as she stared at his defeated back. She’d been rendered speechless for a while.
“Knock, knock.” Just then, they all heard a knock on the door.
It turned out that Mr. Fletcher, who had taken his leave earlier, had returned.
“Huh? Where did Mr. Rhys go?” He asked as he scanned the room.
“Why are you looking for that punk, Mr. Fletcher?” Florence asked in surprise.
1/3
Chapter 149
“Oh, Sir Hummer told me that he hopes to dispel all the bad blood the Hummer family has with Mr. Rhys, so he specially requested me to send him a gilt,” He replied.
“A gift?” Everyone looked at one another in confusion.
“You have got to be kidding us, right, Mr. Fletcher? How is that punk worthy of receiving a gift from Mr. Hummer himself?” Florence asked in disbelief.
“What do you mean “how is he worthy‘? Don’t you know that he was the reason why the Hummers decided to lift the ban against the Nicholsons? And that he was also the one behind the apology? Mr. Fletcher replied,
dumbfounded by their reactions.
“What?” A collective gasp could be heard in the room the moment he finished his sentence. The crowd was dumbfounded and filled with disbelief.
They didn’t hear him wrong, right?
The person who had saved the Nicholsons and coerced the Hummers to give a public apology was Dustin? The trash that they’d scoffed at and despised? H–how was this possible!
“Y–you’ve got to be joking, right, Mr. Fletcher? Are you telling us that Dustin was the one who saved us?” Florence asked with widened eyes, she found this fact difficult to accept.
“Who else do you think it was?” Mr. Fletcher asked seriously.
“No, that’s impossible! Wasn’t Matt the one who helped us? How was it that trash Dustin instead?” James shouted in alarm and shook his head so vigorously it looked like a rattling drum.
“Matt Laney? He’s nothing more than a washed–up member of some family, so how capable can the man be? Obviously, not enough for the Hummers to lower their heads.” Mr. Fletcher scoffed before shooting Matt a look
of disdain.
Hearing that, every head in the crowd turned to look at Matt simultaneously. For a moment, Matt’s cheeks turned bright red, and the atmosphere became extremely awkward.
His reaction immediately proved that what Mr. Fletcher said was true.
“How could this have happened? Could it be that I’ve misunderstood him?” Dahlia muttered to herself after a
bolt of realization hit her.
With that, she instantly rushed out of the room and chased after Dustin in the direction he seemed to have left
in.
When she chased him to the gate, she looked at the figure about to get into the car. She immediately ran up to him and grabbed him by the sleeve.
“Dustin! Wait. I misunderstood you just now, I was too impulsive. I had no idea that you did all of this for us. especially the part where you had to carry so much on your shoulders. But why didn’t you explain it to us? You were obviously the one who saved everyone, so why didn’t you clarily it with us?” Dahlia cried while biting her lips. Her face was twisted in pain.
“What use was there to explain everything? When have you ever belleved me?” Dustin shot back as he shook his head. There was no greater sorrow than death, and he had been completely let down by her.
Chapter 149
“You should’ve made it clear to me at the very least. How can I believe you when you don’t tell me anything?”
Dahlia complained angrily.
“I don’t care if you believe me or not anymore. We’re done here. Let go of me.” Dustin retorted as he broke away from her grasp with force. His gaze toward her made her feel like he was looking at a stranger.
“What do you want from me, Dustin? Can’t you just stop being so impulsive all the time? Can’t you just ask yourself if there’s anything wrong with you? After all, you were the one who went out and beat up people who disagreed with you. If not for luck, do you think you could’ve gotten out of there unscathed? All I’m asking is for you to be more mature and sensible. Am I wrong for wanting that from you?” Dahlia shouted as his words
struck a nerve inside her, causing her emotions to go out of control.
“Yeah, you’re right. It was all my fault. I totally deserved that slap, don’t I?” Dustin said coldly.
“You-” Dahlia wanted to say more but stopped herself. For a moment, she was at a loss for words.
“You’ve always been this arrogant and self–righteous woman to me, Dahlia. You were never one to admit your mistakes first. This has proven to be true on multiple occasions, especially when you just need to put a bit more thought into something or perform a simple background check to get the desired outcome. But as usual, you prefer to do nothing and only listen to the words you like to hear. This is why even now, you still have zero
faith in me.
“Haven’t you noticed? You’ve been living in your little bubble all this time, and you shut yourself off from anyone who tries to get near you. I admit, I tried my best to get to you back then, but now I’ve decided to stop trying. I’ve decided that this will be the last time I ever help you. I wish you all the best in your future
endeavors.”
With that, Dustin got in his car and sped off.
Meanwhile, Dahlia looked as if she had been struck by lightning, and she stood quietly in place and did not
say anything for a long time.
I
“I’m sorry… I’m so sorry! I had no idea that things would ever turn out like this!” She lamented to herself.
“I just wanted you to succeed too. My only wish was for you to get ahead in life. I really had no idea that you’d suffered this much. I was wrong; I was the one who was wrong all along! From the day of our divorce until now, I knew that I was the one who was in the wrong all along! I remember telling you that no one would be able to make me fall in love again, but in reality, there was already someone there all along.
“And that person was you! But knowing that in mind, do you know why I gave you up again at the last second? That’s because Dustin, can’t you see that I’m still hopelessly in love with you?” She painfully admitted.
###Chapter 150 by Marina Vittori
After staggering back to her ward, Dahlia felt as if her soul had left her body.
She had a dead expression on her face, and her eyes were dull. She didn’t realize that her bandaged hand was still dripping with blood.
She remembered Dustin’s disappointed gaze on her before he left, and it felt like a knife that kept stabbing at her heart. She knew that the two of them had grown further and further apart.
In the past, she had always been career–oriented, as she was determined to carve her own path, which is why she ignored and sacrificed many things along the way.
However, since the day of their divorce, she slowly started to realize something. It turns out that there are things in life that were more important than one’s career. However, it was a shame that she only realized this
now.
“Honey, I just heard that- Florence said as she burst into the room upon seeing Dahlia enter inside moments
before.
“I just heard that it was that Rhys kid who was the one who laid hands on Ms. Hummer and used her life as bait to get the Hummer family to apologize to us. He was merely using underhanded tactics the entire time!”
“That’s right! This Dustin guy, to make a name for himself, committed such heinous and shameless acts
without a care for his reputation at all! James echoed.
Initially, they were shocked to find out that Dustin was the one who had helped them behind the scenes, but after digging for more details, they realized that it wasn’t that the Hummers were scared of Dustin, but that it was Dustin who used despicable means to get them to do what he wanted, which was why they came and
apologized in person.
So although it seemed as though he was a force to be reckoned with, in reality, he had merely backed them
into a corner!
“Mom, can you all just leave, please? I just want to be alone for now,” Dahlia responded flatly, she didn’t even
flinch at the news.
“Honey, even if we’ve misunderstood Dustin, so what? The matter still stands that he’s the one who’s at fault
here. He was just making up for his mistakes. We don’t owe him anything!” Florence continued.
“I’m tired, Mom. I just want to rest now. Please go outside,” Dahlia requested again.
“But honey…” Florence whined.
“Just leave me alone!” Dahlia yelled sternly.
Seeing the scowl on her face, Florence said nothing more and proceeded to usher everyone out of the room.
“Who would’ve thought that the biggest contributor to the matter would be Dustin, while the person who
surprised us the most was Mr. Laney.”
*Fucking bigshots! To think we let him scare us like that. It’s already a good thing that we didn’t disturb him
Chapter 150
for anything!”
“And as for Matt. I suspect that he’s so blinded by love for Dahlia that, to win her over, he resorted to trickery and lies,” Florence explained.
“If you ask me, a man like this who risked his life for love and even put his reputation on the line is truly worth giving yourself to for life!”
“All of you should learn from him from now on!”
After their session of mental gymnastics, everyone turned from discussing how despicable Matt was to putting him on a pedestal instead.
But the thing was, many of them seemed to agree with this.
Back inside the ward, Dahlia sat frozen on the bed with an empty gaze for a long time. She had no idea how much time had passed since the first tear started dripping down her face and when her shoulders started shaking profusely.
Finally, not able to withhold her emotions anymore, she cradled her head between her knees and violently broke down in tears!
She didn’t shed a tear when the company was in danger. She shed no tears when somebody brutally humiliated her. She also didn’t cry when she was beaten up or tortured in a variety of ways.
This was the first time she had ever cried this hard and this heartbreakingly.
Over at the Hummer Villa, Tina was sitting in her wheelchair with a look of resignation and anger.
“Dad! The Hummers have never suffered such great humiliation before! You must avenge me no matter what!” She ordered with gritted teeth.
“Of course, we have to take our revenge, but you shouldn’t underestimate this punk either. Thus, we must be fully prepared if he stirs up havoc again.” Edwin said seriously. He definitely wouldn’t let anyone who dared to lay a finger on the Hummers go that easily.
“Isn’t Mr. Lawson proficient in mystic arts? Why don’t we just have him use the most powerful mystic arts on Dustin so that he gets tortured half to death?” Tina suggested, her voice full of resentment.
“It’s no use. Not only is he a powerful martial artist, but he’s also equally proficient in poison. He even managed to break the venomous mystic arts I used on the Harmons, so I’m afraid I can’t do anything toward him at the moment.” Fletcher, who was standing at a corner, answered.
“Then what should we do? If we don’t cut him into pieces, I don’t think my hatred toward him is ever going to subside!” Tina shouted with a fierce gaze.
“There’s no need to rush things. Just hold it in for a few more days. I’ve already informed your brother about this matter. After he clears customs in a few days, he’ll make his return to Swinton, and that’s when he’ll exact your revenge for you. When that time comes, I doubt if the punk can make any waves, no matter how strong he is!* Edwin said as he narrowed his eyes.
What he was most proud of in his life was not his status as the richest man in Swinton, but rather the fact that
he was the father of an excellent individual named Joshua Hummer.
Joshua grew up practicing martial arts and was so talented that at the age of 15, he was able to defeat all of his challengers in the entirety of Swinton.
When he was 18, he had the honor of joining Boulderthorn and was trained under Clement Lincoln.
Now at the age of 25, he was already in the top ranks and dubbed to have a promising future. Not to mention that he was also known as one of the top ten young martial arts masters in the province..
In no time, he was even expected to surpass Tyler, who was regarded as a natural talent!
“Perfect! Then, I will let Dustin live for a few more days. Once Brother returns, I will make sure he’ll be begging for his life once I’m done with him!” Tina laughed maniacally.
To Tina, her brother was a god who had the power to do anything for her.
No matter how difficult the task was, he could get it done as if it was a walk in the park. Thus, wouldn’t it be a breeze to deal with a mere martial artist this time around?
“Sir Hummer, since Joshua is scheduled to return, then we shouldn’t fear Dustin anymore. I propose that our main target now be the Harmon family instead! The production of Eternumax is being rushed and is taking shape now, so now should be the ideal time for us to launch our attack.” Mr. Lawson suggested.
“Good idea! Schedule a press conference to announce our new pill in three days then. Since Natasha is willing to give her face away. I’ll make sure she never recovers from this! Edwin proclaimed as he balled up one of his hands into a fist. He had balled it up so hard that one could hear his fingerbones crackle.
At best, Dustin was just a stumbling block, while Natasha was a thorn in his side.
He must get rid of both of them as soon as possible!
###Chapter 151 by Marina Vittori
Back at the Peaceful Medical Center, Dustin downed glass after glass of wine without stopping, trying to numb himself with alcohol.
Although he was expressionless, inwardly he couldn’t help feeling frustrated. Maybe he should finally let go of his past relationship and move on.
“Doctor! Doctor!”
Just as Dustin felt a little tipsy, a hurried knock was heard at the door. When he opened the doors, two beautiful young women were standing outside.
One of them was dressed completely in white and looked like an angel from heaven. The aura she gave off was pure and innocent.
The other woman was fully dressed in a black bodysuit that showed off her curves. She had prominent. features that made her appear tough and masculine.
However, she was bleeding profusely from the injury on her abdomen. Her face was drawn and pale from
excessive blood loss.
“Excuse me, is the doctor in? My friend is severely injured and needs immediate treatment!” The woman in
white said in distress.
“I am the doctor, come in.” Dustin showed them in.
“Thank you so much! Claudia, let’s go inside.” The woman replied gratefully and turned to her friend, the
woman in black.
“Wait a minute! Sheila, I smell alcohol on him. He must be a drunkard, I don’t trust this guy! Claudia Doyle
furrowed her brows.
“But you lost so much blood. If you don’t receive treatment as soon as possible, you might die!” Sheila Murray
spoke with a worried expression.
“It’s fine, I can hang on a little longer until support arrives. Anyway, I’m not going to entrust my life into a drunkard’s hands!” Claudia gritted her teeth in determination.
Her injury wasn’t superficial. Even skilled doctors would have difficulty treating her injury, let alone a doctor
who seemed to be drunk.
“Sorry to interrupt, but will the support you mentioned arrive within 30 minutes?” Dustin asked indifferently.
“It’s none of your business!” Claudia retorted.
“Alright then, just letting you know. According to experience, with the amount of blood you lost, you will be
dead in 30 minutes.” Dustin gave Claudia a quick glance and came to a diagnosis.
“Nonsense! Do you think I will be convinced by your threats? I am well–acquainted with fraudsters like you!” Claudia hissed.
“It’s up to you to believe it or not. However, If you are going to die, don’t die at my doorstep. I don’t want to
1/7
Chapter 151
have to clean up your mess.” Dustin waved them away.
“You-!” Claudia’s body jerked suddenly as she spat out a mouthful of blood.
“Suit yourself.” Dustin decided to close the door on them.
“Wait! Please wait! Sir, I apologize on behalf of Claudia for being disrespectful. Please don’t hold it against her. However, you seem like a good person. I beg you, please save Claudia! We will definitely repay your kindness!” Sheila stopped Dustin from closing the door.
“Sheila, why are you begging him? Even if I die, I will not let him treat me!” Claudia said stubbornly.
“Lady, it’s not that I’m not willing to save her. She’s the one who refused to be treated by me. If she does survive this injury, you really need to get her brain checked. Maybe that’s why she’s being so retarded.” Dustin shook his head.
“You bastard!” Claudia clenched her jaw in anger. She tried to stand up to give Dustin a piece of her mind when she suddenly lost consciousness and fell to the ground in a heap.
She might have fainted from Dustin’s provocation instead of from her injuries.
“Claudia!” Sheila anxiously tried to pull Claudia up from the ground, but she did not have the strength.
She turned to Dustin and pleaded, “Please help Claudia, I’m begging you! I have the money to repay you. As long as you are willing to save her, I’ll give you anything you ask for!”
Tears ran down her cheeks. Sheila was a pitiable sight.
Dustin was weak to a woman’s tears. He sighed and nodded. “Alright, on account of your sincerity, I’ll save her
this time around.”
He grabbed Claudia’s collar, lifted her like a sack of potatoes, and carelessly chucked her onto the bed. Sheila suspected that Dustin was paying Claudia back for her insolence earlier.
“Miss. take off her clothes. I will stop the bleeding.” Dustin instructed her.
Sheila nodded eagerly. “Okay!”
In a few minutes, she had undressed Claudia, exposing her body completely. Dustin turned back and had the
shock of his life.
“Miss, I didn’t mean for you to strip her naked. At least keep her underwear and bra on!”
“Huh?” Sheila blushed beet red and quickly put Claudia’s underwear back on.
She was too anxious just now and misunderstood Dustin’s Instructions. Thank goodness Claudia was unconscious. It would have been extremely awkward if she weren’t.
Dustin breathed a sigh of relief. Although he briefly caught sight of Claudia’s figure, It was obvious that the woman lying on the bed had a curvaceous body.
The superficial wound on Claudia’s abdomen wasn’t too serious. Dustin sewed her up and dressed the wound
to prevent more blood loss.
For her internal injuries, medication would be needed.
2/3
Chapter 151
“Alright, she is out of danger now. I’ll give her a prescription, and she’ll be fine after a few days,” Dustin said as he quickly wrote out a prescription for Claudia.
“Thank you so much!” Sheila replied gratefully.
As Dustin handed the prescription to Sheila, he accidentally touched her hand.
He raised his eyebrows. “Miss, your condition seems to be worse than your friend’s!”
*I’m fine, it’s just a chronic illness.” Sheila smiled wryly.
Since she was young, she had always suffered from the cold. For her illness, she was accustomed to taking
multiple medications a day.
“You–” Dustin was going to probe further before Sheila got distracted by Claudia, who was regaining
consciousness.
“Claudia, are you awake? How are you feeling?” Sheila asked, delighted at her unexpected recovery.
“Sheila? Where am I?” Claudia looked around suspiciously.
“This man saved you, he is a skilled doctor. With just a few stitches, your wounds had stopped bleeding!” Sheila gushed.
“No one asked for his help!” Taking a look at her bandages, Claudia muttered under her breath.
“Claudia! He saved you out of kindness, how could you be so rude?” Sheila said, annoyed.
“Sheila, you’re too naive. There is no knowing what is in a man’s heart. Many things are not what they seem. Who knows, maybe he saved me with an ulterior motive!” Claudia said cynically.
“You’re mistaken. I believe he is a good person!” Sheila was obstinate.
“Miss, your words are like music to my ears. Unlike some, who have no sense of gratitude.” Dustin said
sarcastically.
Claudia opened her mouth to retort before she was interrupted by the ruckus outside. Loud stomping and gruff voices could be heard on the other side of the door.
“Boss, their tracks end right here. They must be hiding inside!”
“I’ll teach them to run from me! Boys! Surround the medical center. Make sure that even a bug can’t escape!”
The doors of the center were violently busted open.
###Chapter 152 by Marina Vittori
A resounding crash was heard as the doors to the center were busted open. Without hesitation, seven masked assassins swarmed Into the center.
“Shit! They caught up to us!” Claudia cursed. They were ambushed by these assassins, who wiped out their team of bodyguards.
Only Claudia and Sheila managed to break through the siege and escape. Claudia thought that they had shaken off the pursuit. Unfortunately, the assassins were relentless.
“Sheila, I’ll hold them back. You have to escape through the back door!” Claudia whispered.
“If I escape, you will definitely be killed, I am their target, so they will not hurt me. I’ll let them take me as a
hostage.” Sheila’s face was pale.
“Sheila! As your personal bodyguard, my duty is to ensure your safety. Listen to me!” Claudia stood in front of Sheila resolutely, protecting her.
“There’s no need to argue. We will be taking the both of you!” A bald man laughed evilly as he walked in.
Unlike the other assassins, this man wasn’t masked and emitted a murderous aura.
“Thor Garcia?” Claudia’s eyes narrowed.
Thor Garcia was one of the Four Scoundrels, infamous for conducting illegal raids and providing hitmen services in exchange for money. They were excellent martial artists and money–grubbing lunatics. Their names struck fear into everyone who heard of their reputation.
“Oh, my! What an honor for Ms. Doyle to recognize me!” The bald man said with a mocking smile.
“Thor Garcia! Regardless of how much you were compensated for this assignment, I will double it if you let us go!” Claudia offered.
“Ms. Doyle, I may love money, but I’m more interested in your value. As long as I capture both of you, money will naturally roll in!” Thor laughed,
“There will be terrible consequences if you harm us in any way!” Claudia warned him again.
“Don’t worry, I’m not going to harm both of you. I just need your identities for a deal. It would be better for you not to retaliate. Otherwise, I can’t guarantee your safety. Get them!”
Thor smirked and gestured to his men. The assassins behind him leaped forward to capture them.
“Sheila, run!” Claudia shouted as she rushed forward, ignoring her weakened condition.
Her movements were quick as lightning, and her attacks were ruthless. Even though she was severely injured. she single–handedly fought against the group of assassins. It was obvious that her skills were top–notch as she put up a good fight.
“Having such formidable internal energy at such a young age, It is no wonder that you are from a martial arts family. I’m envious of your natural talents. However, it’s a shame that you’re still lacking in terms of
1/3
Chapter 152
experience.” Thor narrowed his eyes.
When Claudia was distracted by the assassins, Thor saw an opening and sneakily attacked her from behind.
Blood spurted out from her mouth as she was thrown backward and crashed against a table.
*Claudia!” Sheila cried.
“That’s a despicable move!” Claudia gritted her teeth and glared at Thor.
“Despicable or not, it doesn’t matter when I am the last person standing.” Thor scoffed, without an ounce of
shame.
“Wait a minute! I’m your real target, aren’t I? I’ll go with you! However, you must let Claudia and that man go!” Sheila spread her arms wide with her back towards Claudia.
“Ms. Murray, you are in no position to negotiate with us.” Thor laughed.
“If you refuse, I’ll kill myself! Then, you will have nothing to show for your efforts!” Suddenly, Sheila pressed a knife to her neck. The determination in her eyes was blazing as she glared at Thor.
“Stop, Ms. Murray! Don’t be so reckless!” Thor was caught by surprise.
This young lady was precious cargo. If any harm came to her, he would be in huge trouble!
“I’ll repeat myself. Will you agree to let them go?” Sheila increased the pressure on the knife, and a trickle of
blood flowed down her neck.
“Alright, alright! I’ll do what you say! As long as you leave quietly with us. I’ll let them go!” Thor nodded hastily.
“Sheila, stop it! What are you doing?” Claudia screamed. She scrambled to stand up but failed due to her
severe injuries.
“Claudia, this is the best solution right now. You need to stay alive. Besides, they won’t hurt me.” Sheila
squeezed out a forced smile. She knew what they were here for. At the very least, she wouldn’t be in
immediate danger.
“Ms. Murray, time is running out. Let’s get moving!” Thor showed her to the doors.
Holding the knife to her neck, Sheila walked in silence. The assassins were lined up in two rows as they eyed
her fiercely.
“Stop right there! Are you going to leave just like that?” Dustin, who had remained silent all this while, spoke
up.
“What? Are you trying to be a hero?” Thor turned to him and growled. Anyone who tried to stop him would be beaten into a pulp until he begged for mercy!
“You kicked my doors down, destroyed my fumiture, and now you are leaving without any compensation? How shameless could you be?” Dustin said nonchalantly.
Everyone was dumbstruck at his request. No one expected Dustin to ask for compensation at this juncture.
“Punk! Are you fucking kidding me? How dare you ask for compensation? Don’t you know who I am?” Thor cackled.
Chapter 152
“I don’t care who you are. Even if the emperor himself turns up, no one is allowed to leave without paying!”
Dustin demanded.
Thor and his men roared with laughter at Dustin, thinking that he had lost his mind.
“Stop talking any further! You are no match for these men!” Sheila motioned to Dustin.
“Do you have a death wish? These men will murder you without a second thought. How dare you ask them for
money?” Claudia frowned.
Did this man have a screw loose? Wasn’t he aware of how dangerous a situation he was in?
“Murder? Shouldn’t they pay up for causing damage to the property regardless?” Dustin reasoned.
“You-!” Claudia choked on her saliva.
What nonsense was this man spouting? She just told him that Thor was a heartless murderer.
How could this man be so persistent about getting compensated?
Was it worth it to lose his life over mere pennies?
###Chapter 153 by Marina Vittori
After catching his breath, Thor wheezed. “Punk, you have some guts! It’s been a long time since I last saw a reckless fellow like you!”
“Shut up and pay up already!” Dustin demanded impatiently.
His mood was already ruined. These men needed to be taught a lesson for creating a mess on his property.
“You really have a death wish! Boys, break his limbs! Let’s see whether he dares to talk back after this!” Thor smirked and gestured to his men.
“Yes, boss!” Without a second thought, the assassins swung their weapons at Dustin, with the intent to harm him.
“Hey! You said you would let him go!” Sheila shrieked.
“Ms. Murray, I did agree to not kill him. However, he seems to be dissatisfied with us. It would be rude to not teach him a lesson!” Thor had a cunning smile on his face.
Suddenly, they were interrupted by the cries of pain from the assassins.
Before the assassins could rush up to Dustin, they fell over one by one, as if they had been struck by lightning. All of the assassins were paralyzed and unable to move.
After careful inspection, Thor realized that there were silver needles pierced into their necks!
“How could this be?” Thor’s lips trembled as a chill ran down his spine.
He knew what these silver needles were used for. They could be used for acupuncture or as a hidden weapon.
However, he had never seen a technique where multiple hidden needles could be simultaneously shot at the same time.
“How could this guy execute stealth attacks with hidden needles?” Claudia was secretly shocked as well.
Needles were one of the hardest weapons to master, compared to other hidden weapons. Not only did it require deadly accuracy, but perfecting its technique required persistent and grueling training.
“Punk! Who the hell are you? How dare you poke your nose into my business?” Thor narrowed his eyes as he drew his sword.
“Give me my compensation,” Dustin insisted stubbornly.
“Bastard!” Thor was furious.
Without warning, he threw a fistful of dust into Dustin’s eyes. After that, he pulled out his sword and rushed toward Dustin, using the dust as a smokescreen.
Thor had used this tactic many times. When his opponent was taken by surprise, he would stab them with his sword. Stronger men than himself had fallen for this sneak attack.
However, Dustin did not dodge. With a wave of his hand, the dust cleared Immediately.
1/3
Chapter 153
Dustin flicked two needles from his fingers, which flew swiftly and pierced into Thor’s knees, causing him to
scream in pain.
Thor’s legs crumpled from under him, and he crashed to his knees. His heavy sword fell to the ground with a
clang.
“H–How could this be?” Thor widened his eyes in horror.
How could Dustin’s aim be so accurate when the dust was obstructing his vision? What’s more, his legs
became as heavy as lead after Dustin attacked him with needles.
“The only skills you have are the tricks up your sleeve. Your fighting abilities, on the other hand, aren’t that
impressive.” Dustin remarked condescendingly.
An oppressive aura pressed on Thor’s body as he gasped for air, cold sweat dripping down his forehead.
“Don’t be reckless! I have nothing against you, there’s no need for you to kill me!” Thor pleaded for his
life.
He thought that he had a perfect plan in place. Who would have expected a troublemaker to turn up and make
everything go awry?
“I didn’t have anything against you before this, but now I have,” Dustin said as he inserted another needle into
Thor’s neck. With a jerk, Thor’s limbs were paralyzed.
Inside Thor’s sleeve, there was a poisonous arrow that shone with an eerie light. Thor had planned to attack
Dustin with that arrow!
“Miss, you can deal with these men. Do whatever you want with them!” Dustin patted the dust from his clothes and sat down on a chair nearby. This young lady had a good heart, so he didn’t mind extending a helping hand.
“Wow, you’re an amazing fighter!” Sheila exclaimed with delight. She had almost lost hope.
Who knew that the doctor of this medical center was also a master of hidden weapons? He single–handedly
finished off all the assassins!
“What’s so great about using hidden weapons? There’s no honor in stealth attacks!” Claudia scoffed.
Being born into a family of martial artists, she had no respect for people who engaged in sneak attacks and
underhanded methods.
To be fair, she was a victim of Thor’s sneak attack which caused her to be severely injured. As Claudia thought of this, anger burned within her.
Claudia picked up the sword from the ground and held it to Thor’s neck. “Speak! Who sent you?”
“I don’t know. Being a hitman, I am employed to kill, steal, and destroy. As long as they pay up, we don’t care for whom we work,” Thor replied with difficulty.
“How dare you lie to me!” Claudia sliced the tendons on his arms and legs.
Thor screamed in agony, large beads of sweat rolling down his face. “I…I really don’t know. In terms of
Chapter 153
business deals, I receive instructions from a superior. I’m just following orders!”
“You are making things difficult for me. I have little patience. If you make me wait any longer, say goodbye to your jewels.” Claudia placed the sword at Thor’s crotch.
“Please don’t! I’ll tell you everything!” Thor screamed as he grimaced in pain.
“The person who employed us to kidnap Ms. Murray is…” Before Thor could finish the sentence, he suddenly convulsed on the spot, spitting out blood that was black in color.
After a few seconds, he was as dead as a doornail.
“Is he dead?” Claudia was taken aback by the strange occurrence.
Wasn’t he fine just a minute ago? How could he die so suddenly?
While she mused over his death, Thor’s abdomen visibly swelled up.
Something seemed to be crawling under the surface of his skin.
A spider emerged from his belly button, followed by a whole swarm of spiders, crawling all over Thor’s
lifeless body.
It was a revolting sight to see.
“What are all these spiders doing inside his body?” Sheila staggered backward in shock.
At that moment, Dustin smirked. “Interesting. Having the ability to activate venomous curses from
afar, the person who employed Thor to kidnap you must be very powerful!”
###Chapter 154 by Marina Vittori
“Venomous curses? How could you be certain? Are you familiar with curses?” Claudia asked, puzzled.
“I know a little.” Dustin nodded.
“Only shady, wicked characters would learn the art of venomous curses. As expected, you are not a good person! Speak up, who are you?” Claudia lifted the sword and pointed it at Dustin.
“Claudia! What are you doing? He is our savior!” Sheila quickly stood in front of Dustin to protect him.
“Sheila, get out of the way. This man is being suspicious. I must investigate him thoroughly.” Claudia’s
eyes glittered.
“Before you investigate me, I recommend that you get your head checked.” Dustin rubbed his temples.
“Don’t you know that curses can be used to heal? Of course, many nefarious villains use curses for their
own benefit. However, not everyone is as bad as you imagine. It depends on the user’s character. Besides, the martial arts families aren’t as innocent as you make them out to be. Crimes such as pillaging, corruption, and rape are rampant within the martial arts circle as well!”
“Don’t spout nonsense! In my opinion, you are just quibbling!” Claudia denied.
“Quibbling? Look at what you are doing now. Do martial artists like you treat their saviors in such a disrespectful manner? Are you going to bite the hand that fed you?” Dustin chuckled.
“You…” Claudia was at a loss for words.
“Claudia, stop accusing him! If he is really a bad person, why would he save us?” Sheila frowned.
“Who knows, maybe he has an ulterior motive!” Claudia insisted.
However, her tone was much softer now that she had calmed down. She knew for a fact that logic wasn’t on her side.
Suddenly, a loud car horn was heard outside the medical center. More than 10 Hummer vehicles stopped outside the doors of the medical center.
As the car doors opened, a swarm of bodyguards appeared and surrounded the center immediately.
“Finally, the support team is here!” Sheila laughed with delight.
“Sheila! Claudia! Are you alright?” A handsome young man stepped into the room.
He was tall and well–built, with a sharp gaze. His noble aura was not that of an ordinary person.
“We are fine, thanks to this man who saved us,” Shella replied cheerfully.
“Oh, really? Sheila, you can only know a man’s face but not his heart. You should stay away from any. strangers when you are out and about.” Xavier Horst sized Dustin up, his gaze was Judgmental.
“Huh? What do you mean?” Sheila frowned.
Chapter 154
“Nothing, I’m just giving you some advice,” Xavier said with a smile.
He motioned to his men to clean up the scene.
“Sheila, let’s not waste any time. We should head back home immediately. Aunt Lily is waiting for us,”
Claudia urged.
Although the support team had arrived, this place wasn’t completely safe.
“Thank you so much for your help, I’ll be sure to repay your kindness. Goodbye for now,” Sheila thanked
Dustin warmly and turned to leave.
“Miss, your chronic illness has been suppressed for a long time, it might get out of control soon. You
should get it treated early to prevent any life–threatening complications.” Dustin blurted out.
When he touched her skin, he noticed that her body temperature was lower than normal. Upon closer
inspection, he could roughly infer that the illness troubling her wasn’t a common ailment.
“Hmph! Nonsense!” Claudia curled her lip in disbelief.
“Thank you, I will be more careful!” Sheila smiled brightly and waved goodbye.
Xavier felt a little jealous when he noticed Sheila being so friendly to Dustin.
After Sheila got into the car, he glared at Dustin. “A word of advice for you, punk. Stay away from Sheila if
you know what’s good for you! Otherwise, be prepared for the consequences!”
With that, he strode out of the center. In his opinion, beggars like Dustin did not even have the right to
converse with him.
“What a lunatic.” Dustin shook his head and continued drowning himself in alcohol.
Evening, at Fallridge Haven.
Sheila was eating her dinner while telling her parents everything that had happened.
“Dad, Mom, I’m telling you, that man was so amazing. Just two flicks of his wrist, and all the bad guys
were killed!” Sheila described the situation eagerly.
She even acted out a scene for her parents.
“Really? I never thought that a small place like Swinton would have such a talented young man. I would
like to meet him one day.” Her mother, Lily Doyle, smiled affectionately at her daughter.
Her father, Caden Murray, banged on the table. “Hmph! How dare you disobey me! Haven’t I warned you? Do not go out and explore without permission! You were lucky that nothing terrible had happened.
If you weren’t, you could have died today!”
2/3
Chapter 154
“Dad, it’s just an accident. Those bad people were too sneaky. They poisoned and attacked us when we weren’t prepared, and that’s why Claudia fell into their trap. Otherwise, no one could have hurt me!” Sheila
pouted.
“In the martial arts world, winning is everything. No one cares about honor in combat! Anyway, you are not allowed to leave Fallridge Haven without permission!” Caden continued in annoyance.
“Alright, alright. I won’t go out anymore. Please don’t be angry at me!” Sheila pouted coquettishly.
“That’s more like it. I had enough of you today, now go and lie down on your emerald bed. You need
more rest!” Caden ordered.
“Okay.” Without another word, Sheila quickly left and ran to her room.
‘Because of her illness, she and her parents would travel to Fallridge Haven every year to regain her
health. Once her condition improved, they would only leave.
“Lily, when will the Gozoraberry arrive from Stoneray Valley?” Caden spoke up.
“I think it will arrive soon. Why do you ask? Is it urgent?” Lily replied.
“Sheila’s illness has been acting up more frequently. The sunburst emerald bed at Fallridge Haven seems
to be not having as much of an effect these days. We have to think of other solutions,” Caden said gravely.
“How could this be? Isn’t she getting better?” Lily frowned.
“Don’t worry too much about it. I have asked Malcolm Shane, the miracle doctor, to have a look at
Sheila’s condition. Once he arrives, he will definitely have some idea on how to treat her illness.” Caden
forced a smile.
“Let’s hope so.” Lily nodded thoughtfully.
Her daughter’s rare disease had been troubling her all her life and seemed to be incurable. She hoped that this tíme, her daughter could be fully healed.
###Chapter 155 by Marina Vittori
The next morning, Dustin was awakened by someone knocking on his door. He opened the door to see Hunter at his door.
“Mr. Anderson, what brings you here so early in the morning?” Dustin yawned.
“Good news, Mr. Rhys!” Hunter exclaimed with excitement. “The rare herb that you’re looking for, the Gozoraberry, I know where we can find it!”
“Gozoraberry? Are you sure?” Dustin’s interest was piqued.
The Gozoraberry was rare and hard to come by. As with all other rare herbs, it was invaluable. If he could get his hands on the Gozoraberry, then he would only need three more precious herbs to make the Longevitum!
“Of course, I’m sure! The Gozoraberry used to be a treasure from Stoneray Valley, but recently, someone bought it at an exorbitant price. And that person happens to be staying at Fallridge Haven!” Hunter nodded.
“Oh? Who is it?” Dustin raised a brow.
“It’s Caden Murray!” Hunter said.
“Caden Murray? What does he need the Gozoraberry for?” Dustin’s eyes narrowed. He had never met Caden, but he used to have some connections with the Murrays.
“I heard that his daughter has some sort of disease, and he needs the Gozoraberry to cure her of that.”
“His daughter… Is it Sheila Murray?”
“Oh, you know Miss Murray?” Hunter was a little surprised.
“I guess so. I just met her yesterday.” Dustin nodded.
“Mr. Rhys, how do you think we should go about this?” Hunter inquired.
“I absolutely need to get my hands on the Gozoraberry. I guess we have no choice but to make a trip to Fallridge Haven today!” Without any time to waste, Dustin got himself ready and got into Hunter’s car.
The Gozoraberry was very important to him, and those precious herbs were usually hard to come by. If this berry passed him by, he knew he would never come across another.
Hence, he had to act on it right then and there.
30 minutes later, Dustin found himself in a lounge in Fallridge Haven.
Caden Murray was seated in the middle of the lounge, and he looked down his nose at Dustin and Hunter. As he had long been in a position of power, he carried an intangible air of authority about him. Even a person like Hunter, who had been through a lot, could not help feeling a sense of inferiority.
The Murrays were a family with a military background. Caden’s father, Christopher Murray, was a general who had fought in numerous battles and had a myriad of meritorious achievements.
As his first–born son, Caden was also a high–ranking military officer who was of great influence in the army.
1/3
Chapter 155
“Mr. Anderson, what is the purpose of your visit today?” Caden asked.
“Mr. Caden, to be honest, we are here for the Gozoraberry.” Hunter did not beat around the bush.
“The Gozoraberry? Mr. Anderson, seems like you are very well–informed on the matter. But I have a use for the Gozoraberry, so I’m afraid I can’t help you.” Caden lifted his gaze.
“If you are planning to use the Gozoraberry to cure your daughter of the disease, I think that it would not be
necessary, as the Gozoraberry is merely a temporary remedy that will not completely cure her of it. It would
not be of much help,” Dustin stated bluntly.
“What? And who might you be? It’s not your turn to speak here.” Caden glowered at him.
“Mr. Murray, this is Dustin Rhys, he’s a friend of mine. He saved your daughter yesterday,” Hunter hurriedly
explained.
“Oh, so you were the one who helped Sheila yesterday?” Caden’s expression eased up.
“Name it, what are you asking for as compensation? Money? Or goods?” In his eyes, Dustin was clearly here to
ask for something in return.
Of course, the Murrays‘ had money to spare, so he wasn’t very bothered by it.
“I want the Gozoraberry.” Dustin cut straight to the chase.
Caden made a face when he heard that. “Young man, if it were riches or jewelry that you were asking for, I
would agree to it in a heartbeat, but the Gozoraberry is the one thing that I cannot give you. I need it to cure. my daughter of a disease!”
“I just told you that the Gozoraberry would not be able to cure Sheila of her disease. However, I am able to do
just that,” Dustin promised.
“You can cure her? And why should I trust you?” Dustin was starting to get on Caden’s nerves.
This rascal did not know his place. Did he think he could do as he pleased, just because he had saved his daughter once?
“Has your daughter been suffering from chills ever since she was young, and does she get a terrible bout of
viral infection every month or so?”
“So what if she does?” Caden raised his brows.
“That’s because Sheila has Polarfrost. Over the years, a venom called Havaska has formed within her body,
and the venom can only be temporarily suppressed by medication. However, that will not eradicate the
disease from within her. To do so, we will need to take a different approach by improving her circulation and
thus raising her metabolism,” Dustin expounded.
“Hah! Utter rubbish! Polarfrost? That sounds downright ridiculous, and I’ve never even heard of it before!” Caden roared, upset.
“It doesn’t matter that you’ve never heard of It before. Just let me meet Shella and I can prove my point,” Dustin requested.
“That would not be necessary. I can handle my daughter’s situation myself. I do not need any help. Please,
2/3
Chapter 155
show yourself out!” Caden ordered.
Wasn’t it just plain absurd for a random fellow to just show up out of nowhere and claim that he was able to cure his daughter of a disease that had plagued her for over 20 years?
And what’s more, it was a disease that even the top medical experts in the nation were helpless against. What made this young man think that he would be able to eradicate it?
“Mr. Murray, it would not do Sheila any good to wait any longer. I hope you will consider my proposition,”
Dustin reminded him.
“Get out!” Caden slammed his fist on the table, enraged.
“Since you do not trust me, Mr. Murray, then I’ll be taking my leave. Right, I have a pill with me here. You can give this to Sheila when the virus attacks again. It will keep her safe for the time being.” And with that, Dustin
took out a red pill and placed it on the table before he turned to leave.
He knew that no matter what he said, he would not be able to change Caden’s mind, because it was
impossible for a person of his status to easily trust someone whom he knew nothing about.
“Mr. Murray, Mr. Rhys here is not an ordinary person. I wish you all the best.” With a slight nod of his head,
Hunter turned to leave too.
“Hmph! They have no idea what they’re rambling on about!” Caden’s expression was one of disdain.
How dare an insolent young man run his mouth in front of him? How pompous!
“Caden, who were those two gentlemen?” Lily Doyle walked out from behind.
“Nobody. Just two annoying rascals who are not worth our time,” Caden answered offhandedly.
“Can this pill really cure Sheila of the disease?” Lily picked up the red pill from the table and studied it meticulously. She heard what Dustin had said before he left and couldn’t help feeling curious.
“Hah! That’s rubbish. Just throw it away.” Caden dismissed it with a wave of his hand. He refused to believe
that a single pill would be able to save anyone.
Just as they were conversing, a member of the house staff came running in and exclaimed in a fluster, “Sir,
Ma’am, come quick! It’s Miss Sheila! She just passed out!”
###Chapter 156 by Marina Vittori
“What? How did this happen?” Caden’s expression clouded over as he leaped up instantly.
“I–I don’t know! I found her out cold when I went to wake her up this morning.” The maid was in an anxious mess.
Before she could finish her sentence, Caden and Lily had already bolted out the door and rushed to their daughter’s room. However, the sight that greeted them when they entered frightened them.
Sheila laid unmoving on the Sunburst emerald bed, which originally radiated heat off its surface, but was then covered in a thin sheet of ice.
Her face was completely devoid of any color whatsoever, her limbs were cold and rigid, and there was frost building up on her brows and hair. There were even wisps of white mist coming off her body. At first glance, she looked like she had just been brought out of an ice cave of some sort.
“Sheila!” Lily panicked and threw herself on her daughter, rubbing her arms and breathing warm air on her in an attempt to warm her up.
“This is bad!” Caden’s expression was as dark as night as he went up to Sheila and felt for her pulse, only to find it barely there. Even her breath was faint. She looked like she would not last another day.
Caden did not have the luxury of time to consider this any further. He immediately channeled his internal energy over to Sheila.
Soon, the frost around her started to melt. But Sheila’s body remained cold and rigid, and she still wasn’t coming around.
“Lily, quick! Call Dr. Shane! Get him here pronto!” Caden hurriedly instructed.
Though his internal energy was sufficient to keep his daughter’s pulse going, it was not going to hold up for much longer.
“Okay!” Without a moment to waste, Lily called a number straight away.
However, her face fell after a short conversation. “Dr. Shane is on his way here, but he reckons that he can only reach here by nightfall.”
“By nightfall? That’d be too late!”
Caden frowned. “Inform Claudia about this. Get her to find all the doctors available in Swinton. I want all of
them here!”
“Alright!” Lily went out to make another call.
Before the hour was up, Claudia, though distressed, had arrived with a group of doctors in tow.
Some of them were heads of departments, some were professors, and some were experts in their fields. But every doctor in the whole of Swinton, who was even the least bit well–known, was present.
“Whoever saves my daughter will receive a handsome reward from us, the Murrays!” Caden cut right to the
1/3
Chapter 156
chase and promised them what seemed like a great temptation.
“Be at ease, Mr. Murray, we will do our best!” The doctors were all motivated by the promise.
When they heard that it was the Murrays they were helping out, they figured that the opportunity for their big
break had come. Everyone knew the Murrays‘ status.
If they could cure Shelia of whatever disease she had, they would not only make a name for themselves, but
they would also make acquaintances with the Murrays.
By then, not only would they have gained fame and earned favor from the Murrays, but they would even walk
away with a huge sum of money. Of course, they were going to go for it!
However, when they eagerly went in to check on Sheila’s condition, one by one their brows furrowed and a
troubled look took over their faces.
They realized that whatever Sheila was suffering from was indeed strange. She was icy cold all over, with cold
air coming off her. It was beyond anything they’d ever seen or heard.
For a brief moment, nobody dared to take any action.
“Doctors, there are so many of you here, please don’t tell me that there’s nothing any of you can do?” Caden
grimaced at them.
“Well…” They all looked around sheepishly and kept quiet.
“A bunch of rubbish!” Caden’s expression darkened. Though he had not held much hope that they would be
able to cure his daughter, the outcome was still infuriating.
“Uncle Caden! Sheila’s in really bad shape!” Claudia exclaimed.
They looked over to find that Sheila, who was still lying on the emerald bed, was getting colder with each passing moment. Her breath was also extremely feeble.
“Oh no! Her condition has taken a turn for the worst!” Caden’s brows were tightly knit.
The channeling of his internal energy to Sheila could only help for so long. It would not be able to cure her.
“What do we do? Sheila is going to be alright, won’t she?” Claudia panicked.
They had grown up together, and their relationship was like that of sisters. Naturally, she did not wish for anything bad to befall her.
“Caden, why don’t we give this a try?” Lily took out a red pill.
It was the pill that Dustin gave them. She had not been able to bring herself to just throw it out, so she kept it in her pocket the whole time.
“Are you kidding me? How can this help Sheila?” Caden made a face.
“Just give it a try. We do not have any better options, do we? Who knows, it might just work!” Lily’s expression
was solemn.
If she had a choice, she would not put her daughter’s life at risk too. But the situation was dire, and the doctors were helpless. Dr. Shane was still on his way, and they had no other options. She had to resort to
Chapter 156
every possible way to save her daughter.
“What if it’s poisonous?” Caden hesitated.
“Since he dares to come up to us, he must have a certain level of confidence in what he’s doing. And I think that it is not likely he’d spike the pill with any sort of poison, after all, I do not believe that anyone would do something as imprudent as going against the entire Murray household,” Lily expounded.
Caden fell silent.
He took a glance at his daughter, who was icy cold all over, and he clenched his jaws. Then, with a decisive
nod, he said, “Alright then! Let’s give it a try.”
Lily drew a deep breath before she took the pill and fed it to Sheila.
The pill was quick to dissolve, and it slid down Sheila’s throat. As soon as it reached her stomach, the pill
began to work its wonders.
The effect was almost immediate as the cold air around Sheila began to dissipate, and a moment later, wisps
of warm breath began to escape her.
At the same time, the frost that had formed on her brows and hair melted away rapidly.
Her body, which had been rigid with coldness, began to warm up and eased up, and a healthy hue of redness crept up her countenance. Even her breath grew steady.
“It works!” Lily’s eyes lit up with excitement.
Though they did not know what the pill was made of, its effects were apparent. It did indeed rid their daughter of the coldness within her.
“Could it be possible that the rascal was telling the truth?” Caden’s eyes widened in disbelief.
He had thought that Dustin was just a scammer who was out to cheat him of his money and demand an
unreasonable sum.
It had never occurred to him that the pill, which he had considered trash and almost thrown away, would save his daughter in their time of need!
“Uncle Caden, Aunt Lily, where did this pill come from? It’s miraculous!” Claudia was amazed.
“Claudia, do you remember the rascal who saved the both of you yesterday?” Caden asked.
“Of course I do! Who knows where he came from. He might be dangerous!”
“He was the one who gave us the pill.”
“What?” Claudia’s eyes widened in shock.
###Chapter 157 by Marina Vittori
After getting to know the whole situation, Claudia was not the only one who was surprised. Even Lily was astounded too.
Had she known Dustin’s identity, she would not have let Caden drive him away so easily. After all, he had helped her daughter!
“It’s fortunate that nothing serious happened. Had we thrown the pill away, Sheila would have been in grave danger!” Lily shuddered to think of what could have happened.
She considered herself lucky that she still had the pill with her, or the consequences would have been unimaginable.
“Sheila is safe for the time being, but the coldness within her has yet to be completely eliminated.”
After checking on Sheila, Caden ordered, “Claudia, go to the medical center and get Dustin here.”
“But Uncle Caden, you don’t really believe that the fellow can cure Sheila, do you?” Claudia’s expression was one of disbelief. She had a preconceived notion that Dustin wasn’t a trustworthy person.
“I’d just like to see what treatment plans he has to propose,” Caden clarified. Of course, he did not think that a youngster in his twenties would have any mind–blowing medical skills.
But the fact was that the pill he gave them proved to have phenomenal effects, so he was curious as to where he got the pill from.
“Claudia, listen to your Uncle Caden. Sheila’s condition is of utmost importance. We should get him here to see what information he is able to provide us,” Lily urged.
“Alright.” Claudia nodded reluctantly.
Over at Peaceful Medical Center, Dustin made himself a pot of tea when he got back. He poured a cup for himself, and another for Hunter. Hunter took his tea respectfully.
Dustin and Hunter had known each other for years, but they had never had tea together before.
“Mr. Rhys, didn’t you say that you need the Gozoraberry? Have you given up on it already?” Hunter asked curiously when he saw how laid back Dustin was.
“Of course not! I’m just waiting for the right opportunity.” Dustin sipped on his tea.
“The right opportunity?” Hunter found it difficult to understand what Dustin was implying.
“According to what I observed yesterday. Sheila will be experiencing another bout of attacks soon. And this time, it will be much worse than it had been before. No one in Swinton will be able to help her.” he said calmly.
“So that’s why you left them with the pill? So that they will come to you of their own accord?” Hunter quickly understood.
“That’s right. Actions speak louder than words. It’s much more practical to prove myself with actions than to try and convince them with words.” Dustin nodded.
“And what if, by any chance, Caden did not take you seriously and threw the pill away?” Hunter mused aloud.
“Then he would be sending his daughter to her grave with his own bare hands.” Dustin shook his head.
If he really acted so rashly, then he would have no one else but himself to blame.
Just as they were conversing, a black Hummer pulled up at the entrance. Claudia strode in with her head held high.
“Come with me, Dustin!” She commanded. “Follow you? Where to?” Dustin continued to sip on his tea leisurely.
“Don’t play the fool with me! Of course, we’re going to Fallridge Haven!” Claudia frowned. “Whatever for? We’re not welcome there. In fact, we were driven out just a while ago! I wouldn’t want to go back there and bring trouble on myself.” Dustin shook his head.
“You!” Claudia gritted her teeth. How she wished she could beat him up then and there.
“That was a misunderstanding. We won’t drive you out anymore.” She suppressed her anger.
“Even if you won’t drive us away, we’re still not going. What do you take us for, making us come and go as you wish?” Dustin took another sip of his tea.
“What exactly do you want?” Claudia was so angry that she was itching to hit someone.
“Sure, I can go over, but under one condition.”
“And what is that?”
“It’s simple. I want the Gozoraberry.”
“The Gozoraberry? That is meant to be used on Sheila. I cannot promise you that.” Claudia glowered.
“If you won’t agree to that, then we do not have a deal.” Dustin continued calmly, “I’ve said it once, and I’ll say
it again: The Gozora berry will not cure Sheila of her disease. If you can’t make the call, then get me someone who can.”
“Hmph!” Claudia huffed angrily as she whipped out her phone to give Caden a call and brief him about
Dustin’s condition.
A while later, she nodded and looked Dustin in the eye.
“Uncle Caden has agreed to your condition. If you can cure Shella of her disease, then the Gozoraberry is yours, “Claudia said coldly,
“Deal!” Dustin smiled.
He got into Claudia’s car, and they made their way to Fallridge Haven, leaving Hunter astonished and in awe.
“As expected of Mr. Rhys! He has every move under his control!” Hunter thought to himself.
When Dustin returned to Fallridge Haven yet again, he noticed that a group of doctors had gathered around, and they were mostly people who were influential and of high status in Swinton’s medical field.
“You’ve finally returned, young man! Please, come in!” Lily greeted him enthusiastically the moment he entered. It took him a moment to get over his discomfort.
“You said you could cure my daughter of her disease. Do you mean it?” Caden asked solemnly, as stern as ever.
“Of course. Surely I would not have come if I did not have the confidence to cure her. I just hope that you will make good on your promise, Mr. Murray.” Dustin smiled lightly.
“Of course, I will. But you’d best deliver your end of the promise,” Caden answered frostily.
“We’ll see in a bit.” Dustin did not bother to explain much more. He quickly went forward to the emerald bed to check Sheila’s pulse.
Just as he predicted, she suffered from the rare disease of Polarfrost. It was an unusual condition that only
came around once in a century.
People who suffered from such conditions had the potential to achieve great heights if they practiced a
special form of martial arts, as it would greatly enhance their powers.
However, the problem was that people who suffered from the condition usually had very short lifespans.
The Polarfrost within them was like a great vortex that continually absorbed the coldness of the universe, so much so that the body was unable to take it.
New–born babies would usually die prematurely before they hit the age of one.
Fortunately for them, the Murrays were filthy rich, so Sheila had made it to this day from all the medication and herbs that she consumed.
However, the coldness that she had been absorbing all these years had reached a tipping point, and all the medications which had served to suppress it before were no longer effective.
“How is it? Can you cure her?” Caden asked skeptically.
“It’s a bit tricky, but I can do it.” Dustin nodded.
“Alright then, I’ll let you have a go. But bear in mind, if anything happens to my daughter, I’ll see that you pay for it severely!” Caden threatened.
“Don’t worry, I know what I’m doing.”
Just as Dustin took out a needle and was about to apply it, a roar sounded at the door.
“Hold it!”
###Chapter 158 by Marina Vittori
“Stop whatever you’re doing!” The voice bellowed. Xavier Horst strode in imposingly and shouted, “Uncle Caden, we do not know this man! We cannot let him put Sheila’s life at risk!”
“I understand that you’re worried for Sheila, Xavier. But we do not have any better alternatives now. He is our only hope.” Caden shook his head.
“Who says we have not got any better alternatives? See who I brought!” Xavier gestured dramatically and directed everyone’s attention to the entrance.
In came a podgy old man dressed in a loose green robe. He made his way in confidently.
“Dr. Shane?” There was an instant uproar when everyone caught sight of him.
The doctors‘ seemed to have transformed into eager fanboys who met their idols. Their level of excitement was off the charts.
This was, after all, the world–renowned miracle healer, Dr. Malcolm Shane!
His expertise in acupuncture was one of a kind, and all these experts and professors were considered nothing compared to him.
“Dr. Shane?” Caden and the rest of them were initially astounded, but then it quickly turned into elation.
They were expecting him to arrive by nightfall, so it was a pleasant surprise that he managed to get there so soon.
“Didn’t you say you were delayed, Dr. Shane?” Lily asked inquisitively. “Aunt Lily, I heard that Dr. Shane was held up by traffic and couldn’t make it here soon, so I flew a chopper over and picked him up from where he was. Fortunately, we’re still in time!” Xavier explained.
“That’s brilliant! How smart of you to think of that, Xavier! I’m proud of you!” Caden smiled. No doubt Dr. Shane’s presence calmed his nerves.”
“Thank you, Uncle Caden. Only doing what I should!” Xavier nodded modestly.
“Dr. Shane, we have no time to lose. Please save my daughter!” Caden cut to the chase and brought him to the emerald bed on which Sheila laid.
“Mr. Murray, didn’t you agree to let me cure her? What is the meaning of this?” Dustin was not happy with the turn of events.
“Young man, I appreciate your good intentions. However, since we have Dr. Shane here, I will not put my daughter at risk. You may take your leave now,” Caden said.
“Mr. Murray, this isn’t right. You were the one who requested my help to cure your daughter, and now you’re backing out on your promise? This really isn’t right.” Dustin’s eyes narrowed.
“What do you mean it isn’t right? Do you really think that someone like you can compare to Dr. Shane?” Xavier asked with disdain.
“Young man, I have the freedom to get whomever I please to cure my daughter. And as compared to you, I’d much rather trust Dr. Shane here, with the task,” Caden sald frankly.
Had he not been at his wits‘ end, he would never have asked this rascal for help.
“It’s alright that you got someone else to cure your daughter, Mr. Murray, but the Gozoraberry that you promised me…”
Caden cut him off mid–sentence. “You didn’t do anything, why should you have the Gozoraberry? Do you think you deserve it?”
“So you’re going back on your words?” Dustin frowned.
Dustin was not a short–tempered person, but ungrateful people like Caden never failed to get on his nerves.
“Young man, cut the nonsense. Isn’t it just the money you’re after? Guards, bring him 2 million dollars!”
On Caden’s orders, his guards soon came back with two cases of cash. “Here, take this as your payment for helping Sheila. From now on, we’re square.”
“Don’t you hear that? Take the money and leave. Now!” Xavier roared.
“Hahahaha!” Dustin suddenly broke out in laughter. But his eyes were cold and icy.
“What a good strategy you have there, Mr. Murray. How unfortunate for you though, you’re being overly optimistic. Do you really think that Malcolm Shane can cure your daughter?”
A commotion broke out the moment he said that. “You rascal! Have you any idea what you’ve just said? This is Dr. Shane we’re talking about! There have not been conditions that he has been unable to cure thus far!”
“That’s right! What an insolent young man! If Dr. Shane can’t cure her, do you think that you can?”
“Where did this scoundrel come from? What cheek he has to doubt Dr. Shane!”
###Chapter 159 by Marina Vittori
The doctors gathered around to reprimand Dustin. “Young man, may I know from whom you learned your skills? How dare you brag in front of everyone?” Malcolm gave him a once over, obviously displeased.
In all the years he practiced his medical skills, he had never once been doubted. Much less by a rascal who was still wet behind the ears!
“Hah! You overestimate yourself! How dare you put on airs in front of Dr. Shane? You’re really asking for it!” Xavier said in a hostile manner.
“Young man, I do not know where you got the confidence to doubt Dr. Shane, but I would like you to please leave now. Do not disrupt him from saving my daughter!” Caden spoke sternly with an annoyed expression. How dare this fellow tried to take advantage of his benevolence?
“There’s no need to drive him out. Let him stay and watch. Since he doubts my skills, I’ll show him what I’m
capable of!” Malcolm stood with his hands behind his back.
“As expected of Dr. Shane! He carries himself with such dignity and confidence!” The doctors flattered him
excessively.
As Malcolm has spoken, Caden did not go against his wishes and allowed Dustin’s presence.
“I’m so sorry to have made you come here for nothing, buddy. If Sheila ends up fine, I’ll try to talk to Caden about the Gozoraberry and see if you can have it.” Lily brought Dustin to one side and apologized sincerely.
This was the man who had saved her daughter. Lily knew that she owed it to him, and would like to repay him
if she could.
“I’d appreciate that, Mrs. Murray,” Dustin’s expression eased up.
There was finally someone who spoke sense in the family.
“Dr. Shane, let’s not wait any longer. Please proceed.” Caden waved him over.
Malcolm nodded and sat down beside Sheila’s bed, checking her pulse.
A short while later, he announced confidently, “If I’m not mistaken, the patient is weak and has poor circulation due to the coldness within her, and now, the toxins within her body have accumulated. Once the coldness and toxins in her body are expelled, she will be just fine.”
“And I presume you have the means to do that, Dr. Shane?” Caden asked expectantly.
“Though it’s a little tricky, it’s no big deal for me. I shall perform an acupuncture therapy to expel the coldness. and toxins from her body!” Malcolm smiled lightly.
He then took out several needles and swiftly inserted them into Sheila’s skin on her nape, her navel, below her knees, on the base of her feet, and on her back.
His movements were so swift and executed with such ease and skill that his audience was left in awe.
Chapter 159
By the time his needles were all in place, wisps of cold air slowly came out of Sheila’s limbs.
“And for the last one!” Malcolm produced a needle that was thicker and longer than the rest and inserted il straight on top of Sheila’s head.
Soon, a great deal of mist emerged from all over Sheila’s skin.
For a brief moment, everyone in the room was surrounded by an eerie chill.
“Alright, the coldness is now expelled. It won’t be long now before the patient comes around,” Malcolm declared confidently.
“No wonder you’re a world–renowned miracle healer. Your acupuncture therapy is just plain magical!” Caden exclaimed excitedly. His gloom and anxiety from earlier on were swept away in an instant.
“That’s right! With Dr. Shane around, any disease or condition can be easily handled!” Xavier was all smiles
“Hey, you! Do you admit defeat?” Claudia raised her chin at Dustin in a provoking manner.
“How dare he doubt Dr. Shane? He doesn’t know where he stands!” Claudia thought to herself.
Dustin shook his head as he looked at her with contempt.
“Sheila suffered from Polarfrost! That was a rare condition that only came around approximately once in a century! How could it possibly be so easily cured?” He thought to himself.
While everyone was overjoyed, Lily noticed something amiss. “Hey, hasn’t the coldness been expelled? But
why does Sheila look even paler than before?”
Chapter 159
The doctors gathered around to reprimand Dustin.
“Young man, may I know from whom you learned your skills? How dare you brag in front of everyone?” Malcolm gave him a once over, obviously displeased.
In all the years he practiced his medical skills, he had never once been doubted. Much less by a rascal who
was still wet behind the ears!
“Hah! You overestimate yourself! How dare you put on airs in front of Dr. Shane? You’re really asking for it!”
Xavier said in a hostile manner.
“Young man, I do not know where you got the confidence to doubt Dr. Shane, but I would like you to please leave now. Do not disrupt him from saving my daughter!” Caden spoke sternly with an annoyed expression. How dare this fellow tried to take advantage of his benevolence?
“There’s no need to drive him out. Let him stay and watch. Since he doubts my skills, I’ll show him what I’m
capable of!” Malcolm stood with his hands behind his back.
“As expected of Dr. Shane! He carries himself with such dignity and confidence!” The doctors flattered him
excessively.
As Malcolm has spoken, Caden did not go against his wishes and allowed Dustin’s presence.
“I’m so sorry to have made you come here for nothing, buddy. If Sheila ends up fine, I’ll try to talk to Caden about the Gozoraberry and see if you can have it.” Lily brought Dustin to one side and apologized sincerely.
This was the man who had saved her daughter. Lily knew that she owed it to him, and would like to repay him
if she could.
“I’d appreciate that, Mrs. Murray,” Dustin’s expression eased up.
There was finally someone who spoke sense in the family.
“Dr. Shane, let’s not wait any longer. Please proceed.” Caden waved him over.
Malcolm nodded and sat down beside Sheila’s bed, checking her pulse.
A short while later, he announced confidently, “If I’m not mistaken, the patient is weak and has poor circulation due to the coldness within her, and now, the toxins within her body have accumulated. Once the coldness and toxins in her body are expelled, she will be just fine.”
“And I presume you have the means to do that, Dr. Shane?” Caden asked expectantly.
“Though it’s a little tricky, it’s no big deal for me. I shall perform an acupuncture therapy to expel the coldness. and toxins from her body!” Malcolm smiled lightly.
He then took out several needles and swiftly inserted them into Sheila’s skin on her nape, her navel, below her knees, on the base of her feet, and on her back.
His movements were so swift and executed with such ease and skill that his audience was left in awe.
Chapter 159
By the time his needles were all in place, wisps of cold air slowly came out of Sheila’s limbs.
“And for the last one!” Malcolm produced a needle that was thicker and longer than the rest and inserted il straight on top of Sheila’s head.
Soon, a great deal of mist emerged from all over Sheila’s skin.
For a brief moment, everyone in the room was surrounded by an eerie chill.
“Alright, the coldness is now expelled. It won’t be long now before the patient comes around,” Malcolm declared confidently.
“No wonder you’re a world–renowned miracle healer. Your acupuncture therapy is just plain magical!” Caden exclaimed excitedly. His gloom and anxiety from earlier on were swept away in an instant.
“That’s right! With Dr. Shane around, any disease or condition can be easily handled!” Xavier was all smiles “Hey, you! Do you admit defeat?” Claudia raised her chin at Dustin in a provoking manner.
“How dare he doubt Dr. Shane? He doesn’t know where he stands!” Claudia thought to herself.
Dustin shook his head as he looked at her with contempt.
“Sheila suffered from Polarfrost! That was a rare condition that only came around approximately once in a century! How could it possibly be so easily cured?” He thought to himself.
While everyone was overjoyed, Lily noticed something amiss. “Hey, hasn’t the coldness been expelled? But why does Sheila look even paler than before?”
###Chapter 160 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Everyone turned to look. Sure enough, they found her just as Lily said. Sheila, whose condition seemed to have improved a while ago, now looked much paler than before, and more frost had formed on her brows and hair.
From the way things looked, not only had her condition not improved, it even worsened. “Dr. Shane, whatever is going on?” Caden’s brows knitted together tightly, his expression stern.
“This is most peculiar. Technically speaking, she should be fine after the coldness has been expelled.” Malcolm found Sheila’s condition very strange. She had been fine just a while ago; how did her condition worsen in just the blink of an eye?
“What do we do now, Dr. Shane?” Caden questioned persistently.
“Don’t be anxious. Let me give it another try.” Malcolm didn’t give up just yet. He used the same technique to rid Sheila of the coldness within her.
But the results were the same. In just under three minutes, Sheila’s condition went back to square one. It was as though the coldness within her was never–ending. It was truly bizarre.
“What’s going on?” Malcolm was baffled. It was then that he finally realized the severity of the situation at hand.
“Dr. Shane, it is true that you have amazing needling skills to get rid of the cold, but what you did was just a temporary solution. It will not eradicate the root cause of the issue,” Dustin spoke up.
However, that elicited some dissatisfaction from the onlookers.
“That’s nonsense! Who are you to doubt Dr. Shane’s skills?” Xavier shot him a murderous glare.
“Exactly! You’re just a rascal who’s still wet behind the ears! How dare you speak out of turn so shamelessly?” The crowd was outraged.
Dr. Shane was considered a legendary figure in the medical field! They would not tolerate a random kid
criticizing him freely!
“If you do not trust me, then go ahead and try as many times as you wish.” With that, Dustin held his tongue and said no more.
“Oh no! Sheila’s pulse has disappeared!” Lily cried out suddenly.
The crowd turned to look and noticed that she was in very bad shape.
“Dr. Shane! Quick! Save my daughter!” Caden lost his cool and urged Dr. Shane forward.
Malcolm dared not waste another second and immediately applied more needles to Sheila’s pressure points to rid her of the coldness and steady her pulse.
However, the results were not satisfactory, to say the least.
10
Chapter 160
The Polarfrost seemed to always come back no matter what he did, and Dr. Shane was finally rendered
helpless.
In all the years he had practiced medicine, he had never seen such a peculiar condition.
“I’m truly sorry, but—I’m afraid I won’t be able to help with this condition.” After a bout of effort to save Sheila,
Malcolm could only shake his head in resignation.
“What? You can’t help?” Everyone was bewildered when they heard that. Nobody had expected him to say
such a thing.
If such a legendary figure could not help her, then who could?
“Please, Dr. Shane, think of something! You must save my daughter! Right! I have a Gozoraberry! Will that help?
“Caden panicked.
“Gozoraberry?” Malcolm’s eyes lit up but quickly dimmed again.
“No doubt the Gozoraberry is a precious herb with properties to expel coldness and improve circulation, but
with how things stand right now, it wouldn’t be of much help anymore.”
The coldness within Sheila seemed unending, and simply expelling it didn’t seem to do the trick.
“Then what should we do? Is there really no hope for my daughter?” Lily was almost in tears.
If even Dr. Shane can’t help them, is there anyone in this world who could?
All of a sudden, she caught sight of Dustin.
In that instant, she seemed to have found a lifeline. “Buddy! Didn’t you say that you were able to cure Sheila?
Please, I beg of you, save my daughter!”
“Mrs. Murray, it’s not that I don’t want to save her; it’s just that some of you do not seem to want me to help!”
Dustin said helplessly.
“Young man, it was a mistake on my part earlier on. If you can save my daughter, the entire Murray household would be eternally grateful to you!” Caden’s expression was a mix of emotions.
He was not one to easily yield or admit his mistakes, but for the sake of his daughter, he saw no other choice.
His final hope lay with Dustin.
“Uncle Caden! You don’t really believe this rascal, do you? Even Dr. Shane can’t cure her, how is it possible that this scoundrel can? Don’t be fooled by him!” Xavier lost his composure.
“Well, if I can’t cure her, do you think you can? Dustin gestured for Xavier to go ahead.
“You!” Xavier had no words to refute. He was adept at fighting, but he knew next to nothing about saving and
rescuing others.
“Buddy, please try your best to save her. No matter what the outcome is, we can take it!” Lily looked at him with resoluteness, her mind made up and ready to face any consequences.
“I can help her, but when I’m done, I hope Mr. Murray will deliver on his end of the promise.” Dustin
2/3
approached Sheila, who was still unconscious on her bed and helped her sit up.
With just one hand, he applied needles at 13 different pressure points on Shella’s body. His technique was extraordinary.
When the 13 needles began to rotate on the spot in the pressure points, he gave Sheila a strong smack on the back.
Sheila wavered, her head jerked upwards, and she spat several white crystals, which landed on the ground with a resounding thunk.
The crystals were a murky white color and gave off a bone–chilling mist.
“The coldness has crystallized?” Malcolm’s expression was one of disbellef.
No wonder his acupuncture served no purpose. It turns out that the coldness that Sheila’s body had been absorbing over the years had crystallized!
Those crystals were like a source of evil that emitted an endless stream of coldness. And that was the reason he wasn’t able to remove the source of Sheila’s condition!
Just as the crowd stared on with uncertainty and suspicion, Dustin produced a bamboo cylinder and poured
out of it a small, red beetle.
“Hey! What’s that?” Lily was shocked and immediately stopped his actions.
“This is a fiery beetle. It’s a type of venomous insect that feeds on coldness and produces warmth. Once it
enters Sheila’s body, it can regulate and balance out her energy,” Dustin explained.
“A venomous insect?” Everyone’s expression changed.
To them, venomous insects were considered evil and dangerous.
“You–You’re going to put this insect into Sheila’s body?” Lily felt her skin crawl.
“Don’t be alarmed. As I’ve said before, the mystic arts can be used to heal too. This is the perfect example.” As Dustin spoke, he proceeded to put the fiery beetle into Sheila’s mouth.
Everyone looked at each other, and for a moment, they were at a loss.
Malcolm, however, had a thoughtful expression.
He had heard of using the mystic arts to heal diseases, but he had never seen anyone actually perform it. Could it be possible that this rascal was really able to work miracles?
###Chapter 161 by Marina Vittori
Everyone watched wide–eyed as Dustin administered the fiery beetle.
The moment it entered Sheila’s body, the effect was immediate. The cold air around her began to dissipate, and in less than three minutes, her body had gone from icy cold to being at a regular temperature.
She gained color in her cheeks, and her breathing steadied.
Then, under the disbelieving gaze of the crowd, she whimpered and came around.
“She’s awake?” Astonishment was evident on the crowd’s faces.
The fact that a rascal like Dustin was able to cure Sheila of her condition when even Dr. Shane was unable to was beyond them.
It was shocking indeed!
“H–How is this possible?” Xavier’s eyes widened, bewildered.
How could an unknown doctor possess such skills?
“How did he do it?” Claudia was equally amazed and terrified.
She struggled to come to terms with how something she had always thought was evil had healing properties.
“I never knew that the mystic arts had such amazing effects!” Malcolm’s eyes lit up as he marveled at Dustin’s skills.
His unconventional means of healing were undoubtedly a groundbreaker.
Malcolm, who had initially thought that he no longer had any room for improvement in the medical field, finally found new hope.
“Sheila! How are you feeling? Are you experiencing any discomfort?” Caden and Lily were both happily surprised.
They had not held high hopes, to begin with, and they were more than pleased to be met with such a miracle.
“Dad, Mom How weird. I no longer feel the coldness within me. It’s as though it has vanished!” Sheila patted herself all over, a surprised expression on her face. She had never felt so warm before.
“That’s great! That’s absolutely great! Thank you, thank you so much for saving her!” Lily was so ecstatic that she was about to bow to Dustin to thank him.
“Mrs. Murray, please, there is no need to bow!” Dustin reached out to hold her up. He was not used to such unbridled expressions of gratitude.
“Was it you who saved me, kind sir?” Sheila was delighted to see Dustin.
It had just been a day, and they had met again! Was it not fate?
“Sheila, it’s all thanks to Mr. Rhys here that you’re still alive! If not for him, you might very well still be unconscious,” Lily remarked.
Chapter 161
“Thank you, kind sir!” Sheila bowed deeply.
“You’re welcome. After all, I get paid for saving you.” Dustin smiled.
“So is my daughter completely cured, young man?” Caden asked cautiously.
He had consulted many experienced and well–known doctors regarding Sheila’s condition, and all of them had expressed that the condition could only be suppressed, not completely eradicated. So he had to be sure.
“I wouldn’t say that she’s completely cured of it, but she won’t be bothered by it for the next 10 years,” Dustin guaranteed.
“Why is it only for 10 years? Can’t you get rid of it completely?” Caden frowned.
“It’s Polarfrost. It can’t be eliminated so easily. Unless you are able to get some extremely rare herbs that can improve her circulation and metabolism, the only solution is to use the fiery beetle to extend her life, and a fiery beetle only has a lifespan of ten years,” Dustin clarified.
“10 years is good enough. At least it will give us more time to find other means of solution.” Lily smiled.
It was already a pleasant surprise that her daughter’s life had been prolonged by 10 years. She dared not ask for much more.
“Mr. Murray, now that your daughter’s life is not on the line, is it time you deliver your end of the deal?” Dustin went straight to the point.
“It’s the Gozoraberry you’re after, isn’t it? Please proceed to the lounge. I’ll be there in a while,” Caden said lightly.
###Chapter 162 by Marina Vittori
Caden gestured to the butler, who immediately got the message. “This way, please, Mr. Rhys,” “Sure.” Dustin nodded and followed the butler to the lounge. He took a seat and waited. It was a long wait.
It wasn’t until he finished his third cup of tea that Caden appeared with several men in tow. “I really appreciate you saving my daughter, young man. Here’s a ten–million–dollar check. Consider this your pay.” Caden sat down and motioned to one of his men, who presented a check to Dustin.
“What? Thank you for your kind intentions, Mr. Murray, but this isn’t what I want.” Dustin stared at the check, puzzled.
“It doesn’t matter whether you want it. What matters is that this is what I’m paying you for a job well done.”
Caden sipped on his tea.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Dustin’s eyes narrowed.
“Don’t you get it? The Gozoraberry isn’t yours. All you’re getting is the money.” Caden spelled it out in plain
words.
“Mr. Murray, we had a deal. I cure your daughter, and you give me the Gozoraberry. Why are you going back on your words?” Dustin’s expression darkened.
What was the meaning of all this? Were they turning their backs on him once they no longer had use of him? Had he just been taken advantage of?
“The Gozoraberry is not only a precious herb used for healing, but it is also remarkably beneficial to practitioners of martial arts. Don’t you know that, young man?” Caden suddenly asked.
“So?”
“It would be a waste of precious resources to give you such a valuable treasure, so I made the decision to give it to someone else,” Caden justified himself.
“You gave it to someone else? Who?” Dustin’s brows furrowed deeply.
“Who else but me?” Xavier made his way in haughtily. He had in his hands a small, red, wooden box that held
the Gozoraberry.
“Hey, buddy! Uncle Caden’s given me the Gozoraberry. It’s mine now!” Xavier patted the box smugly with a
Sneer.
“So what if the rascal stole the limelight today? Ultimately, I’m the one who benefited from it! At the end of the day, he’s just a lowly peasant!” Xavier thought.
“Caden Murray! You are an influential person with high social standing, and you carry the honor of the Murray family with you! How could you go back on your words and betray someone who has helped you? Are you not afraid that you’d be ridiculed?” Dustin slammed his hand on the table and stood up. He was truly angry.
1/2
Chapter 162
He could understand Caden’s previous change of mind, as it was a matter pertaining to his daughter’s health
condition.
Malcolm had a reputation for having great expertise in his field, which naturally made him more deserving of trust on Caden’s end. But now, it was a different case altogether.
Caden was going back on his word after Dustin had saved Sheila! That was downright outrageous!
“Ridicule? Hah! Who’d dare to ridicule me? Do you really think that a few words from you would be able to tamish the Murray family’s reputation? You’re really thinking highly of yourself!” Caden scoffed.
He looked at Dustin as though he were a fool.
“Are you really going to disregard your honor?” An icy glint flashed in Dustin’s eyes.
“Cut the crap! Take the money and scram, or I’ll get my men to throw you out!” Caden ran out of patience.
How dare this peasant go against him?
“What? Are you threatening me now?” Dustin lifted his gaze.
“So what if we’re threatening you? I’m warning you, Rhys! You better get out of here now, or I’ll make you!”
Xavier roared.
At that, a group of well–trained guards rushed in bearing malice.
It seems like they came prepared.
###Chapter 163 by Marina Vittori
“Hahaha!” Dustin was so infuriated that he laughed out loud when he saw the guards rush in.
Anyone would have assumed that such a prestigious family would at least put in some effort to uphold their reputation. Who would have guessed that they would act so shamelessly?
Not only did they go back on their word, they even betrayed someone who had offered them help in their time of need! And now that things didn’t go their way, they resorted to violence and threats. How tyrannical and despicable!
“Caden Murray! Are you about to repay kindness with ingratitude?” Dustin’s gaze frosted over, and an imposing air came over him.
“Young man, you’d be smart to back off now. Ten million dollars is enough to last you a lifetime. You better not get greedy!” Caden warned.
People in his position were only interested in what benefited them. Naturally, he would place connections with
the Horst family above an unknown doctor like Dustin.
“Am I being greedy, or are you the one taking advantage of me? Do you really think that I’m an easy target
whom you can mess around with however you please?” Dustin retorted sharply.
“Uncle Caden, let’s not waste time on this scumbag! Just throw him out and get rid of this eyesore!” Xavier got
impatient.
He was green with envy at how Sheila had called Dustin ‘kind sir. She had never addressed him as such!
“I’ll give you one last chance, lad. Take this money and leave, and I’ll pretend that nothing has ever happened today.” Caden gave his ultimatum.
“And I’m giving you your last chance too. Give me the Gozoraberry, or you’ll be sorry!” Dustin threatened
authoritatively.
“Hah! You’re really making things hard for everyone, aren’t you?”
Finally, Cader could hold it in no longer. He exchanged a look with Xavier. “Throw him out! Do whatever you like. Just make sure that he doesn’t die.”
“No problem! Tie him up and throw him out! Break his legs if he resists!” Xavier sneered as he waved the
guards over.
“Yes, Sir!” The guards rushed up at his command.
“Insolent bastards!” Dustin seethed. He met the guards head–on.
With just a few simple swings of his arm, he delivered slap after slap to the guards‘ faces.
was a
They cried out as they were sent sprawling across the lounge. None of them was a match for Dustin.
“Huh?” Caden and Xavier were surprised at what they saw. They had not expected that a mere doctor like him would be so skilled in combat techniques!
1/3
Chapter 163
“So it turns out that he’s a practitioner of the martial arts! No wonder he has the guts to behave so pompously!
“Xavier scoffed as he slowly took off his coat.
“It’s been a long time since I’ve loosened up. Well, let’s have some fun today, shall we?” With that, Xavier got
ready to attack.
“Hold it right there!” Lily, Sheila, and a few other people burst in hastily.
“Caden, what’s going on? Dustin saved Sheila! Why are you guys attacking him?” Lily questioned.
*This is none of your business, Lily. Bring Sheila back to her room to get some rest.” Caden frowned.
He had brought Dustin to the lounge because he didn’t want his wife and daughter to see what they were
doing.
But in the end, they still caught wind of things and came over.
“Is this because of the Gozoraberry, Caden? We made Dustin a promise! Why are you backing out on your words? If word got out, how do you think it’s going to affect our reputation?” Lily got the picture the instant she
saw the red box.
“What would a woman know? Get out!” Caden was ashamed, but he lashed out at Lily with his frustration.
“Dad! You’ve always told me to be an honest person, but what are you doing now?”
Sheila took a step forward and demanded, “Dustin just saved my life, but not only are you not grateful towards him, but you’ve also resorted to using violence against him. Since when were you so unreasonable?”
Caden’s expression changed when he heard her words. He couldn’t care less about what others thought about him, but he couldn’t disregard how his daughter saw him.
He had always kept his dirty deeds hidden from his daughter. It was unfortunate that he was caught red-
handed today.
“Sheila, Uncle Caden had nothing to do with this. I was the one who wanted the Gozoraberry.”
Xavier stood up to take the blame. I’m just one step away from advancing my skills to the next level, and a Gozoraberry is exactly what will give me the extra push to help me progress. That’s why I shamelessly requested it from Uncle Caden.”
“Even so, you should not have resorted to violence!” Sheila scowled.
“Sheila, you don’t understand! I had planned to buy the Gozoraberry from him for 10 million dollars, but not only did this fella here reject my proposal, he even insulted me! I really couldn’t take it!” Xavier argued
indignantly.
“I don’t care! Since you’ve agreed to give Dustin the Gozoraberry, then you can’t just back out at the eleventh hour!” Sheila reached out, snatched the box from Xavier’s hands, and passed it to Dustin.
“You…” At a loss, Xavier could only look to Caden helplessly.
Caden looked none too pleased, but in the end, he only shook his head. He had an image to keep in front of his daughter, so they could only let it slide.
2/3
Chapter 163
“Dustin, I’m really sorry that you were startled. My father wasn’t in the right state of mind for a while back. there. I apologize on his behalf for offending you. I hope you’ll find it in you to forgive him.” Sheila said apologetically.
Seeing the sincerity in her gaze, Dustin was appeased. It was true that Caden was despicable, but he had to admit that Lily and Sheila were both very understanding and reasonable.
“Mr. Rhys, please have the Gozoraberry. From now on, the Murrays are indebted to you!” Lily said.
“Please do not feel indebted to me. All I ask is that Mr. Murray would not take revenge on me,” Dustin remarked lightly.
“No, he won’t! My father’s not like that!” Sheila shook her hand and turned to look at Caden, throwing him a threatening glance.
Caden had no other choice but to nod. “What happened today was just a misunderstanding, please don’t take offense.”
“If that is the case, thank you. I have other arrangements made, so I’ll be taking my leave now.” Dustin turned
to leave.
“Dustin, will we meet again?” Sheila suddenly asked.
“We’ll leave that to fate.” Dustin walked out the door with a wave.
Before he got out the door, he heard a low voice by his ear saying. “You’re lucky Sheila came in the nick of
time, you scoundrel. She just saved your sorry ass!”
“You’re the one who lucked out that Sheila came when she did. Otherwise, you’d be a dead man by now.”
Dustin left with a scoff.
###Chapter 164 by Marina Vittori
When Dustin returned to Peaceful Medical Center, he found a silver Bentley parked right at the entrance.
He walked in to see a lady with a beguiling face. Her shapely figure and enchanting temperament, matched with her bewitching smile, made her nothing less than a top–tier seductress.
“What brings you here, Ms. Harmon?” Dustin was slightly startled. Though they were already familiar with cach other, he still found her stunning every time he saw her.
“Why to see you, of course. You’re such a busy person, and you rarely ever come to see me. Surely you can’t forbid me from coming here to meet you?” Natasha said begrudgingly.
“That’s not what I meant. Right, how’s it going with Immortunol? Are its effects as expected?” Dustin changed. the topic awkwardly.
“It’s much better than expected! I’ve come here especially to thank you. Immortunol has way better effects than Eternumax. I believe that once Immortunol is launched, the big bucks will start rolling in in no time.” Natasha smiled.
“Is that so? That’s great!” Dustin smiled too.
“Here. Have a look at the contract.” Natasha pulled out a document from her bag and handed it to him.
“What contract?” Dustin looked at her quizzically.
“You came up with the prescription for Immortunol. I can’t take advantage of your labor. Let’s just take this as a collaboration between us. All future profits from Immortunol will be split evenly.” Natasha pushed the
contract toward him.
“I don’t think there’s a need for that, Ms. Harmon. I have no use for Immortunol. I’d be happy just knowing that
it’s of help to you.” Dustin shook his head.
“Are you daft? You’re rejecting money? I’m giving it to you, so just take it. I might lose sleep over it if you don’t.
Natasha rolled her eyes.
“Well, alright…” Dustin saw no way around it when she put things that way. He could only nod and sign the
papers.
“Oh, that’s right, I have another present for you,” Natasha suddenly exclaimed.
“A present? What is it?” Dustin was curious.
“Close your eyes first.” Natasha looked like she was hiding a secret.
“Oh.” Dustin closed his eyes without giving it too much thought.
The next second, he caught a whiff of a pleasant fragrance.
All of a sudden, he felt warm lips on his..
Dustin frcze instantly. He was so stunned that he felt like he’d been struck by lightning. Had Natasha just
stolen a kiss from him?
Chapter 164
He reflexively pulled back, but a pair of arms were hooked around his neck, and he failed to break free.
The alluring fragrance at such close proximity caused his mind to go blank.
At the same time, a Mercedes–Benz had just pulled up at the entrance. The car door opened, and out came a
beautiful woman with an elegant bearing.
It was Dahlia. She had come to apologize to Dustin.
She had mulled things over for an entire day and night and came to the conclusion that she should apologize to him. It would be hard to bring herself to say it, but it was absolutely necessary.
So she drew a deep breath, mustered up all the courage she had, and pushed the door open.
“Dus-” She had barely opened her mouth to call out to him when she saw a scene that she likely would not
forget.
She froze on the spot for a moment.
After some time, Natasha, whose cheeks were flushed, finally let go of Dustin when he ran out of breath.
Though she was a strong and independent woman, this was the first time Natasha had ever done something like this, to steal a kiss from another person.
“That’s my first kiss. It’s my gift to you.” Natasha smiled charmingly, her eyes full of tenderness and affection. She looked immensely seductive with her flushed face.
###Chapter 165 by Marina Vittori
Dustin ran his fingers over his lips, savoring the fragrance that still lingered. He blushed. How embarrassing to have a kiss stolen in broad daylight!
“Hmph!” A disdainful scoff came from the door. When Dustin looked up, all he saw was a familiar figure walking away indignantly. After she got in the car, Dahlia stepped on the gas and disappeared down the road in the blink of an eye.
“Was that—Dahlia?” Natasha asked teasingly. “Looks like it.” Dustin nodded blankly.
“Aren’t you going after her to explain what she just saw?” Natasha lifted a brow. “What’s there to explain? We’re divorced! It’s not like I’m cheating on her.” Dustin stood his ground.
“You’ve got a point there.” Natasha smiled. “You’re mine now, why would you need to explain to anyone else?” She thought to herself.
As they were conversing, another car pulled up at the entrance.
The car door opened, and in came a paunchy man. It was Malcolm Shane. He took in his surroundings as he entered.
“Hey, isn’t this Dr. Shane? Why is he here?” Natasha was amazed.
Dr. Malcolm Shane was a big name across the nation, and he was considered one of the best in the field of acupuncture. No matter where he went, he was always highly sought after by the rich and powerful.
“Mr. Rhys! So it’s true that you’re here!” Malcolm’s gaze quickly fixed on Dustin the moment he came in the door. He beamed brightly.
“Dr. Shane, it’s such an honor to have you here. May I know what brought you here today?” Dustin was puzzled.
“Mr. Rhys, the treatment you performed with the venomous insect was truly an eye–opener! It’s also the reason I’m here today. I’d like to seek your advice and guidance on the matter. I hope you can impart some of your wisdom.” Malcolm humbly sought knowledge from Dustin.
Even Natasha was astounded.
The great Dr. Shane, a leading figure in the medical field, was here to seek advice and knowledge from Dustin? Were her eyes playing tricks on her?
She knew how proficient Dustin was in his medical skills, but to have Dr. Shane ask for his guidance was still a shocker.
“Dr. Shane, you’re flattering me. You’re my senior, with many more years of experience under your belt. I’m not fit to offer you any advice, but I’ll do my best to help you wherever needed.” Dustin waved his hand repeatedly.
Chapter 165
For someone of Malcolm’s stature to come to him for advice was enough proof of his sincerity.
Any other person in his position would never find it in them to humble themselves enough to seek guidance from someone like Dustin.
“Don’t be modest, Mr. Rhys. Your medical skills are one of a kind. I’m ashamed of my inadequacy, especially regarding methods of the mystic arts. I really admire it.” Malcolm hesitated.
“If you’re interested in that, I have a book here that might be of help.”
Dustin went to a drawer and pulled out a yellowed ancient manuscript. “This manuscript here records various methods of how the mystic arts can be used for medical purposes. You can study it if you wish.”
“Awesome! I’m really grateful, Mr. Rhys!” Malcolm was elated. He took the manuscript and started flipping through it.
The more he read, the more excited he got. The knowledge recorded was so profound and unfathomable that he completely lost himself in it.
“Dr. Shane, Dustin gave you a book, are you not going to return the favor?” Natasha teasingly prompted. Dustin might be generous, but as his future wife, she could not let people take advantage of him.
“Ah, right! I nearly forgot.”
Malcolm patted himself all over and finally produced a set of golden needles. “Mr. Rhys, these golden needles are made of mystical gold. They’re exceptionally durable and impervious to fire and water. I’ve had them for 10 years. They’re considered rarities, I hope you’ll accept them.”
“Um-
“Thank you, Dr. Shane!” Before Dustin could reject them, Natasha had already received them with a smile.
Golden needles made of mystical gold! These are the s of countless doctors‘ dreams! They were practically a treasure! She saw no reason to reject them!
###Chapter 166 by Marina Vittori
Malcolm was surprised that Natasha actually accepted the needles so readily. Was she not going to at least act modest by declining his offer?
“Before I forget, Dr. Shane, since you have a keen eye for valuables. I have something I’d like you to help me evaluate.” Natasha requested after accepting the golden needles. “Oh? What is it? Please let me have a look,” Malcolm said confidently.
“Here.” Natasha showed him a green pill. Malcolm took the pill from her and nodded with satisfaction after having a good look at it. “This crystal clear pill has a bright luster to it, and it gives off a distinct fragrance. From the looks of it, it’s quite remarkable!”
“What good judgment, Dr. Shane!” Natasha gave him a thumbs up.
“This pill is called Immortunol. It can enhance a person’s beauty, promote longevity, and has anti–aging effects. If you’re not worried that we’ve spiked it, you may give it a try, Dr. Shane.”
“So what if it’s spiked? What fear have I of poison?” Malcolm smiled proudly and swallowed the Immortunol
right then and there.
The moment he popped it in, he felt a cool and refreshing sensation enter his bloodstream, reaching his limbs.
For a moment, Malcolm felt a charge running through him. He was instantly rejuvenated as an inexplicable
sense of clarity washed through his entire being.
The palpable feeling that all his exhaustion had been swept away caused him to feel much more energized.
And most importantly, it was not just a momentary sensation. After the medical constituents entered his
bloodstream, they continued to fuel him with vitality.
He was sure that if the pill was taken for an extended period, it would significantly transform a person.
“Brilliant! This is downright brilliant! It’s a treasure in itself!” When he perceived just how exceptional
Immortunol was, he had nothing but praise for it.
“Young lady, where did you get this Immortunol from? Do you have more of it? Would it be possible for you to
sell me a few?” Malcolm’s eyes lit up.
He rarely got so worked up over things, but he really could not hold back his excitement. The effects he
experienced from taking Immortunol were too amazing!
Even the Vitalitum that Dr. Watkins gave him could not compare to this precious pill!
“Dr. Shane, Immortunol is still in the production stage. We’re not ready to sell it to the public yet, but if you like
it, I can give you some.” Natasha smiled.
“Hahaha! What a generous young lady! If you don’t mind me asking, who is the genius who produced.
Immortunol? I would really appreciate it if you could introduce me to him.” Malcolm beamed happily.
“Dr. Shane, the brain behind it all is right in front of you.” Natasha smiled suggestively.
1/3
Chapter 166
“Do you mean, Mr. Rhys is the one who produced Immortunol?” Malcolm’s eyes widened.
It was important to note that healing skills and producing pharmaceutical products were two different skill
sets.
Though they might look like branches from a similar field of study, the fact was that there was a world of
difference between the two.
Being adept in medical skills didn’t guarantee that one had the skills to produce medicine, and vice versa.
His difference in expertise from Dr. Watkins was the greatest example of that. He was proficient in medical skills, whereas Dr. Watkins was adroit in producing medicine.
It was extremely rare to find someone who was seasoned in both fields, and all the existing masters were at least in their seventies.
To have a youngster in his twenties be so skilled in both fields was unheard of. It was unimaginable!
“I just lucked out and found a prescription formula, that’s all.” Dustin smiled.
“You’re being too modest, Mr. Rhys. Even with a prescription formula, it would be no easy feat to produce.such superb medicine. You have exceptional talent, Mr. Rhys! It’s an honor to have met you today, and I’m deeply impressed!” At that, Malcolm bowed deeply to Dustin.
He was so skilled in both treating patients and producing medicine at such a young age. He was truly a genius!
“You flatter me, Dr. Shane.” Dustin immediately reached out to hold him up.
“I wonder if you’d be interested to collaborate with us. Dr. Shane?” Natasha asked out of the blue.
“Collaborate? How so?” Malcolm’s curiosity was piqued.
“You’re a giant in the medical profession, and that makes you a symbol of authority. If you’d be willing to promote Immortunol, I’m sure that it would boost sales.” Natasha explained with a smile.
Malcolm had connections, and he was also a person of high importance in the medical industry. To have someone like him endorsing Immortunol would guarantee a steady stream of high–ranking officials and
nobility chasing after it.
“You really have a mind for business, young lady. But tell me, why should I agree to it?” Malcolm wasn’t one to be fooled.
“As long as you agree to it, not only will we give you Immortunol for free year–round, but you will also get priority supply to it. You’ve just had a taste of it, you should know very well how effective it is. You’d be saving a lot of lives by agreeing to it. This is an incredibly meritorious and beneficial deed! As someone of your high moral standing and reputation, surely you wouldn’t want such a precious treasure to go unnoticed, am I right?” Natasha coaxed persuasively.
“It really does sound like a good deal. Alright, I’ll work with you just this once then.” Malcolm nodded. thoughtfully.
After all, he had received the ancient manuscript from Dustin. This was the least he could do to repay him.
Chapter 166
“Thank you, Dr. Shane! We appreciate it. Oh, Immortunol will be officially launched in two days. Please come and give us some moral support then!” Natasha smiled.
“Sure!” Malcolm agreed heartily, unaware that he had agreed to something that he might regret in the future.
Over in a mansion with a lake view.
“How is it, Mr. Wangley? Do we have the results yet?” Quentin stood up to welcome the white–browed man.
He had lost sleep for the past two days because of Eternumax. After much consideration, the best way out was to join forces with the Hummers‘.
“Mr. Harmon, Sir Hummer has agreed to join forces, but only under one condition.” The old man picked up a cup of tea and drank it hastily.
“What condition?” Quentin asked impatiently.
“Sir Hummer hopes that you’ll take this opportunity to put pressure on Natasha from all sides and force her to step down from her position,” Mr. Wangley explained.
“Hahaha! That is exactly what I intend to do!” Quentin laughed aloud. He had always been overshadowed by Natasha, ever since they were children, so the family had never placed any importance on him.
Now that Eternumax had been lost, the family bore their grudges. If he grabbed hold of this opportunity to recover the family’s losses and prove his worth, there was a high chance that he might take over Natasha’s position!
“Mr. Harmon, the Hummers‘ have agreed to join forces, but we still need money to buy Eternumax. How many boxes are you planning to purchase?” Mr. Wangley queried.
*The more the better, of course! Put in all the money we have on hand, and if that’s not enough, then go around and borrow some more!” Quentin decided boldly.
“Isn’t that a little too risky?” Mr. Wangley doubted his decision.
“How is it risky? We have the market research report for Eternumax, and it shows very promising results! Countless millionaires are after it. So if we stock up on it now and sell it at a high price in the future, we’ll surely make a huge profit!” Quentin laughed exuberantly.
The return will always be proportionate to the investment made. By then, his worth would have increased ten to twentyfold. Wouldn’t he be the one to call the shots in the family?
Even Natasha Harmon would have to submit to him then!
###Chapter 167 by Marina Vittori
Two days later, the Hummers‘ held the official press conference for the launch of Eternumax at the Hillview Hotel.
News about it had spread for several days, and with the Hummers‘ unceasing effort to promote it, there was a great deal of discussion surrounding it. Such an amazing drug with beautifying properties that could also improve longevity drew the attention of countless people.
So the press conference, which was grandly decorated, bustled with activity. There was a never–ending stream of guests that made their way in.
Right around noon, a silver Bentley pulled up at the entrance of the Hillview Hotel. When the car door opened. Natasha slowly made her way out of the car, her arms around Dustin’s.
As always, she was the center of attention wherever she went. It was hard for anyone to take their eyes off her shapely figure and alluring face.
Dustin, who was clad in a three–piece suit, seemed to have gone through a thorough makeover. He looked handsome and suave, and carried himself with great poise.
“Natasha, why are you here?” Quentin and Mr. Wangley caught sight of them and approached.
“If you can be here, then so can I.” Natasha answered nonchalantly.
“We’re here because we received an invitation from Sir Hummer. Did you receive an invitation too?” Quentin asked with a faint, sardonic smile.
Of course, he knew that Edwin would never have given Natasha an invitation.
“I’m not here for Edwin’s press conference, so naturally, I do not need an invitation.” Natasha shrugged.
“If you’re not here for the press conference, then why are you here?” Quentin didn’t quite get the idea.
“Oh, it totally slipped my mind to inform you that I’m having a press conference for a new drug launch today too. Same day and location as Edwin Hummer’s, but his is on Basement Level 3, while mine’s on the third floor. I’ve made sure to steer clear of him.” Natasha dropped the shocking news on him.
“What? You’re having a press conference too?” Quentin was startled.
He had sent men to keep an eye on Natasha for the past few days, and they had not reported any action on
her end.
Why was she suddenly having a press conference? And at the same date and location as Edwin’s! Was that
not a blatant sign of provocation?
“Natasha Harmon! What exactly are you up to? You have nothing to your name, so where on earth do you get your courage to challenge Edwin Hummer?” Quentin was equally shocked and suspicious.
“This isn’t something that you should be worried about, Quentin. If you’ve got time to spare, you should consider more for yourself,” Natasha said casually.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Quentin frowned.
Chapter 167
“I heard that you’ve purchased Eternumax in bulk, and plan to resell it at a higher price to earn some quick
cash?” Natasha asked.
“So what if I have? You can’t forbid me from making money just because you refuse to do so!” Quentin argued.
“Just because we’re from the same family, I’d advise you to do yourself a favor and sell off those Eternumax at a low price before the press conference starts. If you don’t, you’ll lose everything you have before you even
know it!” Natasha smiled profoundly.
“Utter nonsense! Eternumax is selling like hotcakes right now! There are a whole lot of people out there who
are willing to pay good money for it and yet are unable to get their hands on them! I think that’s just your
jealousy talking!” Quentin scoffed.
“It’s up to you to heed my advice.” Natasha couldn’t be bothered to tell him more. She hooked her arm around Dustin’s, and they both made their way into the hotel.
“Hmph! She really doesn’t know where she stands!” Quentin sneered as he watched them leave. From the way he saw it, Natasha was simply trying to complicate the situation in a final attempt to save herself.
As time went on, more and more people of the elite class entered Hillview Hotel. The Hummer’s press conference was filled with distinguished guests and was brimming with activity and excitement.
The Harmons‘ press conference, however, painted a completely different picture. It was one of desolation and emptiness, with hardly any attendees. Apart from the staff and several bodyguards, there was basically no one else present.
But Natasha wasn’t bothered by the low turn–up. She sat there with Dustin, leisurely sipping on wine.
“Natasha! What are you up to?” Two people rushed in. It was Jessica and Ruth.
“Why would you hold a press conference so suddenly without any prior preparation! Are you messing around?” Jessica demanded the moment she walked in.
“I know what I’m doing.” Natasha said calmly.
“You know what you’re doing? What do you mean you know what you’re doing? Have you seen the Hummers‘ press conference? The place is jam–packed with people! And look at what you have here? Not a person in sight! If word got out about this, what would people out there think about us Harmons?” Jessica exclaimed out of frustration.
Not only was the prescription formula for Eternumax stolen, but Natasha was also publicly challenging the Hummers at such a critical moment when she should have kept a low profile and laid low for the time being!
Wasn’t she just inviting humiliation upon herself? How ridiculous!
“Natasha, I don’t get it. You have always been one to make plans in advance and are always in control of the situation, why have you made such a foolish move today?” Ruth was puzzled.
Since they had Immortunol, all Natasha needed to do was advertise and give it some publicity, and they would easily be able to go against the Hummers!
So out of everything that she could have done, why did she pick the course of action that was most arduous and least promising?
2/3
“Let’s not get all worked up. Here, have a seat and something to drink. You’ll find out soon enough.” Natasha was still full of confidence.
“Hmph! I’d like to see what tricks you have up your sleeves! Jessica huffed as she sat down.
Right now, all she hoped for was that nobody would show up. At least then, no one would spread the news. about this. If any word about the press conference got out, Harmon Pharmaceuticals would end up as a laughing stock.
“Hmm Is this the Harmons‘ press conference? Why don’t I see anyone here at all?” Just then, an obese elderly man walked in, his face full of doubt.
“Dr–Dr. Shane?” Jessica was so astonished.
Dr. Shane was a person who rarely appeared in public. What was he doing here?
After all, Dr. Shane was someone who would even disregard a prime minister’s invitation if he so wished.
“Dr. Shane, what brings you here?” Jessica immediately got up to welcome him.
However, he did not even spare her a glance and walked right past her.
He jogged enthusiastically over to Dustin with a huge smile on his face. “Mr. Rhys! You’re here too! That ancient manuscript that you gave me was absolutely wonderful. It’s just that there is some information in there that I’m struggling to grasp. Do you think you could shed some light on them, please?”
Jessica was struck dumb on the spot.
A legendary figure in the medical field, the great Dr. Shane, was actually seeking advice from a poor fellow like Dustin. What? What on earth was going on?
###Chapter 168 by Marina Vittori
Jessica was frozen on the spot and struggled for words when she saw how humbly Malcolm was seeking guidance from Dustin.
She had never once thought that the arrogant and haughty Dr. Malcolm Shane had such a side to him.
And most importantly, the person from whom he was modestly seeking advice was the boy toy, Dustin Rhys. It was mind–boggling indeed.
“I don’t think I’m fit to give you any advice, Dr. Shane, but I’d gladly help wherever I can. We can both share our thoughts. Dustin smiled.
“Sure, we can do that. Now, have a look here…” Malcolm took out the ancient manuscript and immediately dove into it. He started pointing out some of the areas that he had trouble understanding.
“Oh, this is actually quite simple. Take this for example: Put a hundred different insects into a jar, and let them fight among themselves. After a month, open up the jar, and by then there will only be one remaining insect. The rest of them would have been eaten up by this surviving insect, and this will be the poisonous insect that you’re after. Such a poisonous insect is usually used to cure other poisons in a method known as counteracting poison with another poison.
“As for this, it tells us how to neutralize the poisonous insect’s venom. So what you need to do is smoke the licorice herb until it turns black, then combine it with some soybeans and extract the juice. Once the patient consumes the juice, it will neutralize the venom of the poisonous insect. But of course, this is only applicable to the venom of common poisonous insects. And this here. Dustin spoke eloquently on all the topics that Malcolm had questions about, and he managed to give him all the answers he needed.
After hearing what Dustin had to say, Malcolm felt enlightened. “Hahaha! You really are talented! I’m so impressed, and I’ve learned so much from you today!”
Malcolm was practically dancing with joy. He looked nothing like an expert or a person of status.
“What-..” Jessica watched bewildered. Was this really the haughty Dr. Shane who was constantly contemptuous of others? With how he was behaving, he looked more like a schoolboy!
Also, what was this mystic art that they were going on about? Would a renowned doctor like Dr. Shane
actually take interest in something like that?
“Dr. Shane, if you have any other questions, you can discuss them with Dustin some other time. As for now, we need to talk about the press conference.” Natasha interrupted them when she saw how excited they were over their discussion.
“Oh, right… Malcolm realized that his behavior was slightly inappropriate.
He nodded and said, “Just let me know what you need me to do, young lady.”
“There’s nothing you need to do. Just sit up there on the stage, and if you see anyone you recognize, you may greet them,” Natasha replied with a smile.
“Is it that simple?” Malcolm could not believe his ears.
1/2
Chapter 166
“Yep, it’s that simple.” Natasha nodded.
“That’s no problem at all!” Malcolm went and took his seat on the stage and continued reading through the ancient manuscript.
“Natasha, so what if you managed to invite Dr. Shane here? Do you think this will suffice to go against Edwin Hummer?” Jessica asked in all earnestness.
Though it was true that she was awestruck by Malcolm’s presence, that did not mean that he had the means to help the Harmons win this battle against the Hummers.
In the end, what mattered most in this competition between the two families was the quality of their product.
“We’ll find out soon enough.” Natasha did not explain any further. With a glance at her wristwatch, she turned to Dustin and nodded. He immediately got the signal and pulled out his phone to make a call.
At the same time, over at the Hummers‘ press conference…
###Chapter 169 by Marina Vittori
Looking at the crowd in the hall, Edwin couldn’t help but smile broadly. As expected, everything was going smoothly. Once the product launch was done by today, Eternumax’s reputation would be spread far and wide!
When that time came, his aim wouldn’t be limited to Swinton but to market Eternumax throughout the thirteen cities of the South!
“Sir Hummer! Congratulations on your launch!” Quentin and his men came up to Edwin, whose face was beaming. “Oh, it’s Mr. Harmon. Please, have a seat,” Edwin said pleasantly.
“Sir Hummer, Eternumax is really a precious herb! Everyone has been talking about how great it is. Look at the crowd here after hearing about its effects! It’s already become so popular that people are coming in droves!” Quentin flattered.
“If the product is good, customers will naturally return. Mr. Harmon, you also stocked up quite a bit, it seems like you’re going to make a big profit this time.” Edwin smiled.
“It’s all thanks to you, Sir Hummer. We’re all working together to get rich!” Quentin laughed heartily.
“Oh, by the way, have you heard any news from Natasha?” Edwin asked suddenly.
Quentin’s lips curled into a playful smirk. “Speaking of which, there is a bit of news. I just heard that Natasha was going to hold a press conference at the same time and place as you.”
“Oh? Is she trying to provoke me? But how come I didn’t know about this?” Edwin was surprised.
“Not only you, but I don’t think anyone in Swinton knows about it. I’ve already checked into it, and her press conference has no one in attendance! What a joke!” Quentin sneered.
“If there is no one there, then what’s the point of her holding a press conference?” Edwin asked.
“She probably was frustrated by you, that’s why she intentionally pulled this stunt to try and stir up trouble. But now it seems like it’s just backfiring on her.” Quentin replied.
“Heh! I never expected Natasha to resort to such a foolish move. Does she really think that she can restore
everything just by relying on the Harmon family’s reputation? How naive!” Edwin shook his head.
In his heart, he couldn’t help but look down on Natasha. Natasha Harmon, the so–called queen of the business
world, didn’t seem so impressive after all.
*Sir Hummer, how about we go over and witness the mockery for ourselves?” Quentin extended an invitation.
“I have many important guests coming later, so I can’t leave for now. You go ahead, and please say hello to Natasha for me,” Edwin replied calmly.
“Okay, I’ll go have some fun then. I’ll let you know the details later, Quentin said and left without further ado.
Soon, Quentin and Mr. Wangley arrived at the Harmon family’s press conference. When they walked in, they
found the hall empty, with only a few people present.
“Cousin, I didn’t expect you to really hold a press conference. But why is no one here? What the hell are you doing?” Quentin teased as he walked in.
“Did you not come here? Aren’t you a human?” Natasha replied coldly.
Quentin’s lips twitched, but he continued sarcastically, “I see it’s really empty here. Should I bring some friends over to liven up the atmosphere?”
Despite his words, the sneer on his lips could not be concealed.
“Thank you for your kindness, but it’s unnecessary. My guests will arrive soon,” Natasha smiled faintly.
“Cousin, I think you shouldn’t be too stubborn. How can you compete with Edwin with such a poor showing? In my opinion, I think you should just admit your defeat,” Quentin said with a smirk.
“Well, it seems like you’re having a lot of fun!” Ruth piped in angrily.
“Ruth, I’m doing this for your sister’s own good. Rather than making an embarrassment of ourselves, we should stop our losses while we can. Like me, I’ve bought a ton of Eternumax so that I can make a fortune later.” Quentin said confidently.
“You bought the Eternumax? How many did you buy?” Ruth was surprised and asked tentatively.
“I invested all my money and took out many loans to purchase the stocks. This time, I’m going to make a killing!” Quentin raised his chin proudly, waiting for them to rain praise on his intelligence and prowess.
After hearing this, Ruth slapped her forehead and sighed. “It’s all over!”
Eternumax was complete garbage!
It was pure stupidity for Quentin to buy so much Eternumax, moreover with money that he didn’t have!
What an idiot Quentin was!
###Chapter 170 by Marina Vittori
“What do you mean? Can’t you speak more clearly? I’m about to make it big!” Quentin rolled his eyes.
With the popularity of Eternumax, making a fortune was in the bag. These guys really lacked business acumen!
“Sis, did you not remind our cousin not to buy Eternumax? Ruth turned her head and looked at Natasha.
“I did remind him, but he didn’t listen. I couldn’t do anything about it. Natasha shrugged.
“While there’s still time, quickly sell all your Eternumax, even if it’s at a low price. It’s better than getting nothing back.” Ruth advised.
“Sell at a low price? Are you talking nonsense? This is an opportunity for me to multiply my net worth by ten times. How could I give up so easily?” Quentin frowned.
“Cousin, I don’t think you can increase your net worth by that much. You are more likely to go bankrupt. Don’t you know that my sister has developed a new drug called Immortunol?” Ruth shook her head helplessly.
“What Immortunol? I’ve never heard of it.” Quentin sneered.
“Immortunol has the same benefits as Eternumax, but its medicinal properties far surpass those of Eternumax. Besides, it’s even cheaper. Just think about what would happen once this drug hits the market.” Ruth analyzed.
“Hmph! Nonsense! There’s no such drug in this world that can compare to Eternumax. Do you think I’m stupid?
Quentin didn’t believe it at all..
“It’s true! I’ve tried it myself!” Ruth insisted anxiously.
Quentin interrupted coldly. “That’s enough! Ruth, I always thought of you as an innocent child who would never lie. I did not expect that you would lie to help your sister!”
“Hmph! If you don’t believe me, then forget it!” Ruth snorted and turned away without another word.
It’s impossible to change his mind. She had said everything she needed to say, and if he refused to listen, it was not her fault.
“You guys are better off thinking about how to bring more people here to liven up the atmosphere instead of worrying about my affairs. Look at this press conference, it’s as empty as a ghost town. What an embarrassment!” Quentin’s face was cold as he spoke sarcastically.
the
“Who said we don’t have any guests? Look, there they are!” Natasha suddenly pointed her chin toward th
door.
The others followed her gaze. Several people dressed in luxurious clothing walked in, turning around as if they were looking for something.
“Excuse me, is Dr. Shane here?”
“We heard that Dr. Shane has developed a medicine called Immortunol, which could maintain youthfulness and increase longevity. Is it true?”
“Of course it’s true. Look, Dr. Shane is sitting on the stage.” Natasha smiled and stood up.
Chapter 170
“Oh?” The group looked closely and their faces lit up with joy.
“It’s really Dr. Shane! It seems like we’ve come to the right place!”
“You’re right! I didn’t believe it at first when I heard the rumors, but it turned out to be true!”
They spoke excitedly to each other. After all, it was extremely difficult to meet a highly skilled expert like Dr. Shane, who was often elusive and rarely seen.
“Dr. Shane?” Quentin was startled and turned back in surprise.
On the stage, there was a fat old man who was reading a book.
He hadn’t paid much attention before, but upon closer inspection, he realized that the old man was none other than the famous miracle doctor, Dr. Malcolm Shane!
What’s going on? Did Natasha actually invite Dr. Shane?
Quentin mulled it over as more guests streamed in. People were crowding into the hall to see the renowned
Dr. Shane.
Many of them were initially skeptical and curious; however, once they saw that it was really him, their hearts
were convinced.
Even without saying a word, just having Dr. Shane sit there was the best advertisement for Immortunol.
“Is it possible? Could Immortunol really be better than Eternumax?” At first, Quentin was able to remain calm.
but as more guests arrived, he couldn’t help but feel nervous.
After a short while, the empty hall had become lively.
“It’s about time, let’s begin,” Natasha ordered the butler to bring out all of the Immortunol that had been
prepared.
With a smile, she stepped onstage and stood beside Dr. Shane.
“Ladies and gentlemen, the highlight of our press conference today is this new drug, Immortunol! This is a miraculous medicine jointly developed by Harmon Pharmaceuticals and other medical experts, including Dr. Shane. Not only does this medicine improve one’s longevity, but it also has anti–aging and health–promoting benefits, making it suitable for people of all genders and ages. As for its effects, you’ll know after trying it. Your opinion is what matters.” Natasha did not waste time and briefly introduced the Immortunol before having the butler distribute it to all of the guests.
Without question, each person who was present in the hall received a pill. When everyone took the Immortunol, the entire hall erupted in excitement.
“Oh my god! The effect of Immortunol is amazing, isn’t it?”
“You’re right! Just after taking one, my whole body is filled with energy! I have never felt so young!”
“My goodness! Honey, your face seems to be whiter and more radiant; even your dark circles have disappeared!”
Everyone was enthusiastically discussing the mind–blowing effects of the drug.
Initially, many had turned up due to Dr. Shane’s reputation. However, now they were completely convinced by the apparent effects of the Immortunol!
“I don’t believe this drug could be so incredible! Seeing everyone’s positive response, Quentin scoffed angrily and stuffed an Immortunol into his mouth.
At that moment, he was dumbstruck.
The indescribable sense of warmth spread throughout his body, strengthening his muscles and boosting his
energy. This drug was really out of this world!
“H–how could this be?” Quentin widened his eyes in disbelief. He had initially thought that Natasha was just bluffing.
He didn’t expect that in just a few days, Natasha had actually developed a new medicine.
In addition, the effects of Immortunol far exceeded those of Eternumax!
Realizing this, Quentin suddenly turned pale and turned to Mr. Wangley.
“Mr. Wangley! Hurry up and sell the Eternumax at a low price! Sell them all! Don’t leave a single one! If we don’t sell them right now, we’re done for!”
###Chapter 171 by Marina Vittori
At the Hummer family’s press conference, the once bustling hall began to slowly empty out.
Initially, everyone was talking about Eternumax, but gradually the conversation switched to another topic.
“Hey, have you heard? The Harmon family also held a press conference to launch their product, Immortunol. They partnered up with Mr. Shane, and its effects are incredible! It’s said to be the best supplement ever developed!”
“Is it true? Can it compare to Eternumax?”
“Eternumax is garbage compared to Immortunol! To tell you the truth, my friend’s great–aunt just ate one pill of Immortunol, and she jumped out of her wheelchair!”
“Are you exaggerating?”
‘Don’t believe me? Let’s go and see for yourself!”
As news of Immortunoll spread, more and more people left to gather at the Harmon family’s press conference. In contrast, the number of people at the Hummer family’s conference dwindled. Gradually, Edwin finally realized that something was wrong.
“Butler, what’s going on? Why did the number of our guests suddenly decrease so much?” Edwin asked.
“I don’t know, it’s strange.” The butler was puzzled by the situation.
“What are you standing there for? Go and find out!” Edwin snapped.
“Yes, sir!” The butler dared not hesitate and ran out in a hurry.
He returned after a moment, sweating profusely. “Sir Hummer! Something terrible happened! Natasha is holding a press conference to launch a new product called Immortunol. Those missing guests have all gone over to their conference!”
“What? We’ve been going all out on marketing and promotion. How could Natasha have the ability to steal my clients?” Edwin’s face darkened.
“It’s because of Dr. Shane! It’s said that Immortunol was developed by the Harmon family and Dr. Shane, so people are flocking to it!” The butler wiped away his sweat.
“Dr. Shane? Let’s go and take a look for ourselves!” Edwin frowned.
At this moment, he couldn’t suppress his curiosity any longer.
Eternumax was the result of years of research by the Harmon family, and it was top secret. Even if it was Dr. Shane, he couldn’t develop a new medicine comparable to Eternumax in just a few days!
When Edwin arrived, he was shocked by the scene before him. He realized that the Harmon family’s press conference was far more lively than his own.
All the bigwigs and celebrities had turned up. Most importantly, everyone who had tried Immortunol gave it high praise.
Chapter 171
Edwin was curious and stopped a young man, who was passing by. “Young man, did you try the Immortunol?”
“Yes, I did. What’s wrong?” The young man nodded.
“What do you think of the effects of the medicine?”
“What do I think about it? Of course, I feel like I’m on top of the world!‘
“Is it really that powerful? How does it compare to Eternumax?”
“Eternumax? No one would eat that now!” The young man chuckled.
Edwin froze, his eyes twitching frantically. Unwilling to accept it, he asked several more people in succession.
They all said the same thing.
“Impossible!”
“How could a new medicine like Immortunol compare to Eternumax?”
Edwin frowned deeply, still unconvinced.
As he looked around at the people praising Immortunol, he couldn’t help feeling a little annoyed.
After thinking for a moment, Edwin whispered a few words to his butler, who nodded and left immediately.
As time passed, the conference at the Hummer family gradually quieted down.
###Chapter 172 by Marina Vittori
Meanwhile, the atmosphere at the Harmon family’s press conference became increasingly lively. Just when Natasha thought that everything was going smoothly, a scream suddenly rang out from the crowd.
Everyone turned to look. An old man had suddenly collapsed to the ground, convulsing and foaming at the mouth. Within moments, he was unconscious.
“Dad! What’s wrong with you? Please get up!” Cried a middle–aged man next to him, panic–stricken.
“I’m a doctor, let me take a look!” A bald man quickly stepped forward to check the old man’s breathing and pulse. With a sigh, he shook his head. “He’s already dead.”
“Dead?” Everyone was shocked by the news.
“How could this happen? He seemed perfectly fine just a moment ago.”
“Who knows? He looked energetic: it’s so strange that he died suddenly.”
“Could it be a heart attack?”
Whispers and murmurs of suspicion filled the air.
“It can’t be! My dad couldn’t have died! We made sure he had regular checkups, and he was always healthy!”
The middle–aged man sobbed.
“It looks like he might have been poisoned. Did he eat anything earlier?” The bald doctor asked.
“We didn’t eat anything today. The middle–aged man trailed off before suddenly remembering something.
Wait! My dad took Immortunol earlier, and now he is dead! The medicine must be toxic!”
“Toxic?” Everyone was shocked to hear this. After all, they had all taken the same medicine earlier.
“How could this be?” Natasha frowned.
Having such an incident during the press conference was not a good sign. Regardless of whether the old man’s death was related to Immortunol, it would have a huge impact on Harmon Pharmaceutical’s reputation.
Once the label “toxic” was attached to Immortunol, it would not be able to sell at all.
“It’s all because of you! It’s all your fault! You killed my father by selling fake medicine! You owe me his life!” The middle–aged man stood up and roared at Natasha.
He rushed forward to attack her but was stopped by the Harmon family’s bodyguards.
“The cause of your father’s death is not clear yet. Whether it is related to Immortunol still needs further investigation,” Natasha said sternly.
“There’s nothing more to investigate! Everyone saw it clearly just now. My father was healthy before he took your medicine. After taking it, he suddenly died!” The man shouted.
“My father was killed by you! You wicked businesswoman! You look my father’s life!” He kneeled beside the body, crying bitterly.
1/2
“My poor father, you died in vain! I’m sorry that I couldn’t avenge your death. I hope that they will get divine retribution from the heavens!”
It was a heart–wrenching sight that moved everyone to tears.
At that moment, everyone turned to Natasha. Their gazes had changed from ones of respect to ones of scorn.
“Natasha! I never knew you were such a despicable person. For the sake of profit, you would actually sell fake medicine!” Quentin jumped to his feet and accused her loudly.
“Stop talking nonsense. Immortunol is not poisonous. Natasha frowned.
*Then how do you explain the old man’s sudden death after taking your medicine?” Quentin pressed.
“Natasha was at a loss for words.
“The old man’s death has nothing to do with Immortunol,” Dustin spoke up. He had been watching from the side all along.
“Who are you to say that the medicine is not at fault?” Quentin retorted coldly.
“I can show you that the medicine had nothing to do with his death. If you don’t believe me, I can ask the old man personally.” Dustin stepped forward with a calm expression.
###Chapter 173 by Marina Vittori
“Ask the old man?” Quentin first looked stunned, then his face darkened. “Punk! Do you think I’m an idiot? The old man is already dead; how could you ask him anything?”
“He may be dead, but his body is still warm. Coincidentally, I have a way to bring the dead back to life.” Dustin smiled faintly.
“Nonsense! Do you think you’re a god? Bring the dead back to life? Why don’t you say you know how to fly?” Quentin sneered.
“Who is this young man? How dare he speak so arrogantly?”
“Yeah! Even Dr. Shane wouldn’t dare say that he could bring the dead back to life. This kid is really too
conceited!”
“In my opinion, he just wants to show off in front of Ms. Harmon and impress her.”
In response to Dustin’s words, the people around him were filled with scom.
The old man was already dead, how could he bring a dead person back to life? Wasn’t he spouting nonsense?
“Whether it’s nonsense or not, we’ll find out soon enough.” Dustin didn’t explain further and walked up to the
old man.
“Hey! What are you doing? I’m warning you–don’t mess around with me! My father’s body is still warm, so no one can touch him. I’ve reported this to the authorities, and the police will be here soon!” The middle–aged
man looked wary.
“Don’t be so agitated, I just want to take a look at your father. Maybe I can give you the justice you deserve!”
Dustin said.
“I don’t even know who you are, why should I let you examine him?” The middle–aged man shouted.
“Mr. Rhys is the chief physician of Harmon Pharmaceuticals. If your father really had an accident because of ingesting Immortunol, we are willing to take full responsibility,” Natasha spoke up.
Although she didn’t know what Dustin was going to do, she supported him unconditionally.
“If he’s a doctor, then let him take a look.”
“If it’s really Immortunol that killed him, we can testify for you!”
Many others chimed in as well.
Dustin piped up when he saw the man’s hesitation, “What, do you want your father to die under such vague
circumstances?”
“Alright! I look forward to seeing what tricks you can play!” The middle–aged man gritted his teeth and stepped
aside.
Dustin squatted down and examined the body brielly. “There’s no breath or pulse. It seems like this old man is truly dead. Since the deceased is foaming at the mouth, it appears to be a case of death due to poisoning.”
1/3
Chapter 173
“Listen! Did you all hear that? Even the Harmon family’s physician said it was death by poisoning! My father was poisoned to death by Immortunol!” The middle–aged man shouted.
As soon as the people heard his claims, their faces were filled with shock. They started pointing fingers at Natasha and whispering in hushed voices, their eyes full of suspicion.
“Dustin! What nonsense are you talking about?! Did you even do a proper examination? You are obviously trying to throw the Harmons” under the bus!” Jessica hissed under her breath.
She couldn’t help but suspect that Dustin was a spy planted by the Hummer family. In such a critical moment,
he actually said that the old man died of poisoning.
Wasn’t he just adding fuel to the fire?
“Cousin, it seems like your little boyfriend here has rocks in his head. With his statement, he is confirming that you did sell fake medicine, which caused someone’s death!” Quentin almost laughed out loud.
Could such stupid people actually exist? He was just making matters worse!
“What an interesting development…” Edwin smirked to himself as he stood among the crowd.
He couldn’t believe that Dustin would add insult to injury. This was more than what he expected!
“Based on your reactions, I believe you all trust what I said, right?” Dustin stared directly at the man.
“We believe it! Of course, we believe it! You are an honest and upright man by publicly exposing the dark side of the Harmon family!” The middle–aged man nodded vigorously.
While he was praising Dustin, the man couldn’t hide the faint smile on his lips. Although his smile quickly disappeared, it was still caught by Dustin.
“Now that you believe me, I’m going to save your father,” Dustin declared with a cheeky smile.
“Save? My father is already dead; how can you save him?” The middle–aged man was stunned.
“I have my ways,” Dustin said.
All of a sudden, he slapped the old man’s face. There was a loud crack as the old man’s dentures flew out and
fell directly into someone’s glass.
Before everyone could react, Dustin continued slapping the old man until his cheeks were swollen and his
nose was bleeding.
“Hey! Are you crazy? Why are you hitting my father?” The man’s face turned as pale as a sheet.
“I’m trying to save your father. This is a secret technique that can bring people back from the dead. You shall see for yourself soon,” Dustin said as he slapped the old man a few more times, increasing the intensity.
The old man’s head swelled up like a balloon from Dustin’s assault. Tears were flowing down his cheeks.
“Stop it! You lunatic, stop it!” The middle–aged man was furious and rushed forward to hit Dustin, but Dustin
pushed him away easily.
“Is this guy a real doctor? I’ve never seen such a way of saving people before.”
2/3
“What bizarre technique is this? He’s clearly just beating up a dead body!”
“Is he insane? How could the doctor beat up the old man so violently when he is already dead?”
“The doctor’s character is corrupt! The Harmon family is completely rotten to the core! What is the world coming to?”
In response to Dustin’s absurd behavior, the crowd began condemning him, filled with righteous indignation.
The deceased should be respected!
Beating up a corpse like this was simply inhumane!
“This guy’s crazy! He’s beating up my father’s corpse! The Harmon family killed my father, and now they are treating his body with disrespect! Is there anyone who can help me?” The middle–aged man slumped on the ground, crying bitterly.
“Dustin, stop it!” Jessica’s face turned pale.
“He’s gone mad! This guy is out of his mind!” Quentin shook his head.
“What’s going on?” Ruth was stunned.
“This is getting more and more interesting.” Edwin gloated.
Just as everyone thought that Dustin had gone insane, there was suddenly a cry of surprise from the crowd.
“Hey, I think I just saw the dead man’s finger move!”
“Did you see it too? I thought I was seeing things.”
“Not only did his fingers move, but look! Tears are flowing out of his eyes too.”
Incredulous, the crowd noticed something strange about the dead body.
Everyone looked at each other in confusion. Could slapping someone’s face really bring them back from the dead?
“He’s pretty resilient.” Dustin sneered as he stopped the assault.
“It seems like I need to go all out to wake him up. Ruth, bring me my knife, the one I used to slaughter pigs. I would have to make a cut on his head to bring him back to life.”
As soon as these words were spoken, the ‘corpse” on the ground couldn’t bear it any longer and sat up with a scream.
###Chapter 174 by Marina Vittori
When the old man suddenly sat up, all the guests were startled. Some of the women screamed frantically, losing their composure.
“It’s a zombie!” Shocked to the core, the crowd scattered in all directions. No one expected that the motionless corpse would suddenly spring to life.
It was such a terrifying moment! “Dad? Y–you’re not dead?” The middle–aged man pretended to be shocked.
“Yes, I’m not dead.” The old man gave a forced smile an was His voice was slurred as his dentures were knocked out. Combined with his swollen cheeks, the old man a comical sight.
“Oh my god! This young man could even revive the dead! How could this be?”
“No words could express my amazement right now!” “What a strange way to treat people! Are medical techniques nowadays getting more straightforward?”
Staring at the old man, who was obviously alive and kicking, there was pandemonium in the hall. Some of the onlookers were shocked, and some were curious.
“Hey, I saved your father’s life! Is it too much to ask for you to show some gratitude?” Dustin smirked.
“You bastard! Even if my father survived this ordeal, it’s because of his good luck! It doesn’t change the fact that Immortunol is poisonous!” The middle–aged man was livid.
“That’s right! I almost died after eating your medicine. Now, I’m still feeling sore all over!” The old man gritted his teeth and looked resentful.
After enduring such a fierce beating, he couldn’t let Dustin go without extorting sufficient compensation.
“Oh? Where else do you feel uncomfortable? Let me have a look.” Dustin stepped forward.
In fright, the old man backed away repeatedly. “What are you doing? I’m warning you, stay away from me!”
“Don’t be nervous! Your illness is not fully cured yet, as you have just regained consciousness. Here, let me diagnose you for a complete recovery, just in case.” Dustin smiled.
“Dustin, the knife you wanted is here!” At that moment, Ruth ran over excitedly. In her hand was a large kitchen
knife that she somehow managed to find.
“Perfect timing. Although it’s bigger than what I’m used to, it’s just right to crack open a skull” Dustin took the
kitchen knife and swung it around.
“Crack open my skull?!” Hearing this, the old man trembled all over. “Son, let’s not waste any more time! I think
I need to go to the hospital for a full examination right away!”
“Oh, right! Of course, we have to go to the hospital first!” Seeing the unfavorable situation, the middle–aged man quickly helped the old man to his feet and tried to run away Inconspicuously.
“Did I say you could go?” Dustin took a step forward and grabbed the old man by his hair, pulling him back.
“I always treat my patients to the best of my ability, even after their deaths.” How can I ignore it when you are so sick?” With that, he started brandishing the kitchen knife back and forth.
“Don’t, don’t! I’m not sick, I’ve already recovered!” The old man shivered in fright.
“Don’t be stubborn: your illness is life–threatening. Everyone witnessed it just now.” Dustin said earnestly.
“That’s right, old man. If you’re sick, you should seek treatment as soon as possible. You shouldn’t refuse his good intentions!” Someone piped up.
“That’s right, this young man is highly skilled in medicine. You should trust him. Nothing bad will happen.” The others agreed and began to persuade the old man.
“I’m fine; I’m really fine.” The old man shook his head frantically, tears streaming down his face.
“Lie down and don’t move. Let me see where to make the first incision,” Dustin ordered, pinning the helpless old man down.
“Let him go immediately! You’re committing murder!” The middle–aged man panicked and tried to stop Dustin. but was held back by several bodyguards.
“According to my diagnosis, you are in grave condition! Let’s start by cracking your skull open, and then we will move on to cutting your abdomen…” Dustin trailed off, lifting his knife to strike.
“Wait! I’m not sick, I’m really not! Someone paid me to pretend to be dead!” Realizing his life was at stake, the old man finally revealed the truth with a wail.
“He was paid off?”
“Pretended to be dead?”
As soon as everyone heard this, their faces went red with fury and outrage.
“What a bunch of scammers! How dare you have the audacity to cause trouble here?”
“I can’t believe I felt sorry for you just now. It turns out that you’re all liars!”
“Young man, just chop them up. Trash like them deserves to die!”
After learning the truth, the crowd erupted into chaos. Some of them even threatened to get physical.
“Tell me, who put you up to this?” Dustin held his knife to the old man’s neck.
“I don’t know, we were just paid to do this. We don’t know anything else.” The old man shook his head.
“Please spare us, we won’t do this again.” The middle–aged man spoke up, frightened for his life.
They were just scoundrels who preyed on the weak. Once their true identities were exposed, they lost all their courage.
“Take these troublemakers away!” At Natasha’s command, the two were quickly taken away.
She didn’t need an answer. She already knew who was behind all this.
“Useless idiots!” In the crowd, Edwin snorted coldly and left.
He knew he had lost today. All his schemes had come to nothing.
“It’s over, we’re done for.” Quentin’s face was pale with despair. The initial glimmer of hope was instantly dashed in the blink of an eye.
If Immortunol was successfully launched, how could he sell his Eternumax?
He had put in his entire fortune!
“Dustin, how did you know that the old man was pretending to be dead? I saw that he wasn’t breathing.” Ruth couldn’t help but ask out of curiosity.
“That old man was using a technique called Breath–holding; that’s why he could pretend to be dead. I’m familiar with many of these tricks used by scammers everywhere, it’s not even worth mentioning.” Dustin replied with a faint smile.
“Oh, I see. It’s a good thing you figured it out, or else things would have gone terribly today!” Ruth patted her chest in relief.
“Mr. Rhys, you are indeed amazing. You exposed the deception of those two ruffians effortlessly! My
admiration for you is immeasurable!” At that moment, Malcolm came over to flatter Dustin.
Just sitting there quietly wasn’t really his thing.
“Dr. Shane, he just stumbled upon the solution by chance. How can you lower yourself to his level?” Jessica gave Dustin a cold glance before smiling at Dr. Shane. “If it weren’t for your help in developing Immortunol, the Harmon family would be in huge trouble! You are the biggest hero of the day!”
“What are you talking about? Who said I developed the Immortunol?” Malcolm frowned.
“What?” Jessica was momentarily stunned. She exclaimed, “Who else has the ability to do that besides you?”
“You really have no eye for talent! The mastermind behind Immortunol is none other than Mr. Rhys beside you!
*Malcolm rolled his eyes.
“What?” At this revelation, Jessica was instantly dumbfounded.
###Chapter 175 by Marina Vittori
After a stormy event, the Harmon family’s press conference ended successfully. On the other hand, the influential Hummer family’s press conference ended in dismal failure.
The emergence of Immortunol dealt a huge blow to the sales of Eternumax. Compared to another medicine with better efficacy and a cheaper price, Eternumax was regarded as garbage.
The Hummer family’s Eternumax couldn’t be sold at all. In the end, they were stuck with piles of rotting. inventory. The meticulous game planned by Edwin was a complete failure.
Although this disaster was unable to weaken the Hummer family’s foundation, it still caused them heavy losses.
After the press conference, Dustin was about to say goodbye when he was stopped by Ruth at the door,
“Dustin, I need a favor from you.”
“What is it?” Dustin asked suspiciously.
“I’m going to a reunion with some of my classmates later, can you come with me and be my bodyguard?” Ruth
was very straightforward.
“The Harmon family has so many bodyguards, why do you need me? I’m not interested,” Dustin refused.
“How can those men compare to you? Well, to be honest with you, there’s a really annoying guy among my
classmates who’s been pursuing me. I told him I have a boyfriend, but he doesn’t believe me. That’s why I
need you to come along.” Ruth pouted.
“In conclusion, you’re just using me as an excuse! That makes me even less interested.” Dustin shrugged.
“Hey! I consider you a friend, and you won’t even help me with this small matter? Where’s your loyalty?” Ruth had a displeased expression on her face.
“What do you mean? Don’t talk nonsense! Dustin’s expression changed as he looked around nervously.
“Don’t pretend you didn’t hear me!” Ruth crossed her arms smugly.
Dustin opened his mouth to explain, but Ruth interrupted him. “I don’t care! If you don’t help me out, I’ll tell my
mom!”
“What?” Dustin nodded in alarm. “Alright, alright. I’ll just keep you company. Are you happy now?”
He didn’t expect this little girl to resort to such a move. He really had to admire her persistence.
“That’s more like it!” Ruth smirked and pulled Dustin out the door.
It was the evening at the Phoenix Karaoke, in a private room.
Sheila sat on the sofa listlessly, propping her chin on her hands.
1/7/3
Before her, a group of young men and women were singing and rapping, having a great time.
*Sheila, you said you were bored out of your mind in the villa. I took a huge risk to bring you out, but why are you still being mopey?” Claudia, who was sitting next to her, couldn’t help feeling puzzled.
Ever since her illness was cured, Sheila, who was usually lively and cheerful, seemed to be acting weird.
These past two days, she had no appetite and seemed to wander around mindlessly.
“Maybe my body hasn’t fully recovered yet,” Sheila lazily replied.
“Is that so?” Claudia looked skeptical.
“Sheila, can I ask you something?” At that moment, a young man suddenly cut in with a bright smile. “Did you inform Ruth about this gathering? I haven’t been able to contact her lately.”
“Of course I did. We’re all good friends, how could I leave her out?” Sheila nodded.
“That’s great. It’s been a while since I’ve last seen Ruth, I wonder how she is doing?” The young man smiled in relief.
“Nigel I advise you to give up on Ruth. She’s not interested in you.” Sheila was very straightforward.
“Where there’s a will, there’s a way. Maybe one day, Ruth will be moved by my true feelings.” Nigel wasn’t perturbed at all.
“True feelings? Nigel you seem to have a new girlfriend every month. It’s possible that you change girlfriends as frequently as someone changes clothes.” Claudia sneered.
“Claudia! Don’t talk nonsense, I’m a loyal person!” Nigel looked embarrassed.
“Okay, okay! You’re loyal, you’re not a playboy.” Claudia didn’t bother to argue.
Her duty was to protect Sheila. She had no interest in the love affairs of these young men and women.
Just as they were talking, the door to the private room suddenly opened.
Ruth, who was dressed luxuriously, entered the room, followed closely by Dustin.
“Ruth, you’re finally here! Please, have a seat!” Nigel was overjoyed when he saw Ruth arrive. He quickly poured Ruth a glass of juice, fawning over her.
“Dustin?” Sheila exclaimed and stood up suddenly..
Her overreaction took Claudia by surprise. Why was she so energetic all of a sudden?
Following her gaze, Claudia noticed Dustin standing there. She couldn’t help furrowing her brows. Could it be
that Sheila liked him?
“Dustin, why are you here?” Sheila greeted him with joy, to the point of ignoring Ruth’s presence.
“Ms. Murray?” Dustin was slightly surprised. What a coincidence! He didn’t expect to meet her here.
“Sheila, do you two know each other?” Ruth stared at the both of them in astonishment.
“I had fallen ill two days ago. It was Dustin who saved me!” Shella smiled sweetly.
Chanter 175
“Is that so? As fate would have it, both of you have met again!” Ruth had a meaningful smile on her face as
well.
“Yes, it must be destiny!” Sheila nodded energetically. She completely forgot about being bored.
“Ruth, who is this guy? I haven’t seen him around before.” Nigel narrowed his eyes and stared at Dustin with an unfriendly expression.
Two beautiful women were both fussing around Dustin and being so affectionate with him.
This made Nigel green with envy.
“Oh, I forgot to introduce him. This is my boyfriend, Dustin.” Ruth raised her chin proudly.
“Boyfriend?” Upon hearing this, Nigel’s face darkened,
As for Sheila, the happiness she had shown earlier was instantly replaced by disappointment and sadness.
Who knew that Dustin had already been taken by her good friend?
###Chapter 176 by Marina Vittori
“Ruth, when did you get a boyfriend? Why wasn’t I informed?” Nigel’s face turned ugly as he stared at Dustin
with hostility.
“Do I need to report to you when I have a boyfriend? You really think too highly of yourself.” Ruth rolled her eyes. She had already rejected Nigel multiple times, but he just wouldn’t give up and continued to pester her.
“I’m just worried that you might be deceived. There are a lot of con artists these days who use their good looks to cheat people out of their wealth.” Nigel said in a mocking tone.
“That’s not true! Dustin is not a con man!” Sheila quickly defended him.
When everyone fixed their gazes on her, Sheila realized that she had spoken out of turn and immediately shut
her mouth.
“Ms. Murray, what’s with the sachet on your neck?” Dustin suddenly noticed something unusual.
“Is there a problem?” Sheila picked up the sachet and examined it.
“Throw it away. It’s a little suspicious.” Dustin shook his head.
“Hey, what do you mean? This aromatic sachet can calm the mind and improve sleep. How suspicious can it be?” Claudia was displeased.
“I’m just telling the truth, Dustin replied calmly.
“If you’re not sure, then shut up and stop being a smart aleck!” Claudia didn’t mince her words.
“Claudia!” Sheila pouted in annoyance.
“Alright, alright. It’s just a sachet. What’s there to argue about? Come on, let’s sit down and enjoy ourselves.”
Ruth pulled Sheila to sit down beside her and started chattering away.
Dustin was left feeling a little left out.
Claudia glared at him and turned away in a huff. For some reason, she always felt uneasy around Dustin.
“Claudia, who is this guy anyway?” Nigel narrowed his eyes at Dustin.
“He’s nothing special, just a doctor from the countryside. If you really want to know about him, he’s skilled in the use of obscure hidden weapons,” Claudia said coldly.
“I thought he was some big shot. Turns out, he’s just a doctor. Hey, you there! Don’t blame me for not warning you, you won’t fit in our circle. If you have some brains, you’ll leave on your own initiative!” Nigel sneered with
disdain.
“That’s right, a burn like you doesn’t deserve to be Ruth’s boyfriend, let alone compete with Mr. Lincoln!”
Another girl dressed in yellow taunted Dustin.
“Oh, so what?” Dustin remained expressionless.
“So, you better have some self–awareness. Don’t embarrass yourself. Do you see the Patek Philippe watch on Mr. Lincoln’s wrist? You’ll never earn that much money in your lifetime!”
Chapter 176
“Oh, so what?”
“It seems like you still can’t comprehend Mr. Lincoln’s background. Let me educate you then. Mr. Lincoln’s family dabbles in real estate located within Millsburg, owning assets worth several billion dollars. Their family’s network is spread throughout the marketplace and the underworld.” The girl in yellow said arrogantly.
“Oh, so what?”
“Not only does Mr. Lincoln have a strong family background, but he’s also extremely outstanding. He
graduated from Oxford University and earns millions of dollars every year. Besides that, he has practiced martial arts since a young age. Due to his natural talents, he was invited to be a member of the Martial Arts
Association. He’s truly accomplished in both literature and martial arts!”
“Oh, so what?”
“With Mr. Lincoln’s identity and abilities, he is in the spotlight wherever he goes. A loser like you can never
compare to him!”
“Oh, so what?”
“Hey, can’t you say anything else?”
“Oh, so what?” The girl in yellow rolled her eyes. Her face turned red with anger and disgust. It was so damn
infuriating to talk to this guy!
“Punk, you’ve got a sharp tongue, but what good does it do? You will always be inferior to me in every way. In
the face of my complete dominance, sweet talk and flattery will get you nowhere!” Nigel sneered.
“Oh, so what?” Dustin retorted.
“You…” Nigel’s mouth twitched, feeling annoyed.
Damn it, why was this punk repeating the same sentence over and over again?
Couldn’t they have a decent conversation?
Just as they were talking, they were interrupted by a commotion outside the door.
“Stop right there! This place has been booked for another event. Everyone who is not involved, please leave-!”
“Surround them! Don’t let anyone escape!”
Amidst curdling screams and cries, the door to the private room burst open.
A group of masked assassins dressed in black rushed in with an imposing aura. The bodyguards guarding the
door were all taken out.
“Who are you people? Who let you in? Get out!” The girl in yellow stood up angrily.
“Fuck you!” The assassins‘ leader slapped her and sent her flying.
“What arrogance! How dare you have the audacity to stir up trouble here?” Nigel jumped up in a rage.
“Our target is Sheila Murray. Anyone who is not involved, get out of here!” The assassins‘ leader shouted.
Chapter 176
“What?” Claudia frowned, on high alert. Judging from their attire, these assassins were most likely the same
ones who ambushed them a few days ago.
“Bastards, who do you think you are, demanding to hand Sheila over? If you don’t want to die, get the hell out
of here!” Nigel’s gaze was ferocious.
“What, are you trying to save the damsel in distress?” The assassins‘ leader eyed Nigel carefully.
“So what if I do?” Nigel puffed out his chest.
“You foolish idiot! Kill him!” The leader ordered his men without hesitation.
“Yes, sir!” The other assassins drew their swords and attacked Nigel.
“How dare you show off such petty tricks in front of me?” Nigel laughed coldly.
He rushed towards the assassins and gave them a roundhouse kick in the guts. His attack was swift and
vicious. In a matter of seconds, he had defeated all of the assassins.
After finishing them off, he struck a confident pose.
“Oh my god! Mr. Lincoln is amazing!”
Everyone’s spirits were lifted upon seeing his victory. Some of the girls couldn’t help but scream with
adoration on their faces.
“These punks are no match for me! Nigel turned around and flashed a handsome smile to his fans.
However, at the next second, a fist the size of a sandbag hit him square in the face.
Nigel was caught by surprise. The attack caused him to become disoriented and his nose to bleed profusely.
Nigel’s high spirits were short–lived.
###Chapter 177 by Marina Vittori
“You attacked out of turn!” Nigel held his bleeding nose and scowled at the assassins” leader.
Damn it, he didn’t even have a chance to show off in front of Ruth! Where were his manners!
“It’s your fault for getting distracted in battle! Are you tired of living?” The leader sneered.
“Scumbag, you are getting on my nerves! I’ll give you one last chance to kneel and beg for mercy, otherwise. I will roundhouse kick you in the arse! Nigel glared at him viciously.
As he threatened, Nigel leaped into the air and did a somersault, looking quite impressive.
“Arrogant fool!” The assassins‘ leader’s eyes were cold as he and his remaining men rushed toward Nigel at
once.
“Be careful, Mr. Lincoln!” The girls exclaimed in shock.
“Don’t overestimate yourself!” Nigel reared fearlessly as he took a step back to perform his special move.
He spun around like a spinning top, attacking the assassins ferociously.
His kicks were merciless and deadly; anyone who got close to Nigel was knocked down easily like dominoes. Even the assassins‘ leader could not withstand Nigel’s attacks and was blown off his feet.
In just a minute, all the assassins were defeated.
For that moment, Nigel seemed unrivaled and invincible!
“Wow, Nigel is amazing!”
“Oh my goodness, his fighting technique is cut of this world!”
“As expected of Mr. Lincoln, he is truly a terrifying martial artist!TM
Looking at the number of assassins
were lying incapacitated on the ground, everyone started
complimenting Nigel. Their eyes were shining as they rained praise on their hero.
“This victory is not worth mentioning. They are just small fries!” Nigel stood with his hands behind his back, feigning nonchalance.
However, he couldn’t help but steal a glance at Ruth while he spoke, with a haughty expression on his face.
“Mr. Lincoln, you were incredible! You make all of us feel safe just by having you around! Any girl would be lucky to have you as a boyfriend!” The girl in yellow held her hands to her chest, looking up at Nigel with admiration.
“You’re flattering me.” Nigel smiled modestly.
“It’s only natural for a man to protect a woman. I’m not like some coward who hides at the back and relies on women for protection. That’s really pathetic!” Nigel looked at Dustin intentionally to prove his point.
“Hey, you! Cidn’t you have a sharp tongue? Why are you not saying anything now? Are you dumb?‘ The girl in yellow sneered, her face full of disdain.
1/3
Chamber 177
“If you ask me, someone here is all talk and no action. Most of the time, he is as arrogant as a peacock.
However, when things go wrong, he is the first person to flee.”
“Ruth, now it’s obvious which choice is better, right? If it weren’t for Mr. Lincoln, we wouldn’t have been able to
fight against these vicious people.”
“That’s right! When looking for a boyfriend, we should find a real man like Mr. Lincoln! As for the guy next to you, you should forget about him, What’s the use of having a cowardly and timid man around?”
At that moment, everyone was gossiping about the two of them.
Nigel proved his bravery and strength, while Dustin did nothing like a coward. Comparing the two, it was clear who was better.
“Dustin, why didn’t you do anything just now?” Listening to the harsh comments of those around her, Ruth
couldn’t help but frown.
She knew that Dustin was skilled in martial arts, although not necessarily stronger than Nigel. However, dealing with a few petty assassins shouldn’t be a problem.
“These small fries don’t interest me.” Dustin said nonchalantly.
“Small fries? You may be a coward, but your words are quite the opposite!”
“Just admit that you are pathetic. How dare you find excuses for yourself?”
“He only knows how to talk big, but he’s actually just a coward!”
“What a wimp, disgusting loser!”
Remaining silent would have been better for Dustin, as anything he said only led to contempt.
“Punk, it’s obvious that you don’t have the guts nor the ability to fight. Why pretend to be tough? If you kneel down and beg. I might teach you a few moves so you won’t wet yourself from fear the next time.” Nigel.
sneered.
“If you’re so capable, then take down those two behind you first.” Dustin pointed his chin to the door.
Nigel turned around in surprise and saw that there were indeed two more people.
Both of them were bald, one dressed in green and the other in black. They were muscular and burly men, with fierce eyes and bulging biceps.
“Oh! Who are these two men who don’t fear death?” Nigel smirked scornfully.
“Was it you who injured our men?” The bald man in green spoke first.
“Yes, it’s me. What are you going to do about it? What, do you want to have a laste of my roundhouse kick too?
Nigel replied arrogantly.
“Roundhouse kick? Heh, trash!” The green baldy sneered.
“Fool! How dare you look down on me? Today, I’ll let you witness my special move, the Whirlwind Kick!” As Nigel spoke, he leaped into the air.
2/3
Whirling around, he kicked up a fierce tornado that looked very impressive.
The girls around him were dazzled by his moves.
“Mr. Lincoln, go for it!”
“Take them down!”
Full of admiration, they cheered Nigel on.
Gathering his strength, Nigel smashed a powerful blow into the bald man’s skull.
A muffled sound was heard.
However, the bald man in green was unscathed by the attack. He didn’t even move a muscle, just slightly tilted his head.
On the other hand, Nigel’s bones were fractured, and his whole body went numb.
“You-!” Nigel was stunned, his face full of disbelief.
Even when he attacked using his full power, he still couldn’t break his opponent’s defense. In contrast, his leg was shattered by the reaction force.
What kind of monster was this that popped out of nowhere?
“Whirlwind Kick? Is that all?” The bald man in green sneered and grabbed Nigel’s leg.
He flung Nigel up into the air, smashing into the ceiling.
After that, his body fell to the ground, flattened like a mere bug.
Before Nigel could get up, a deafening sound was heard as the bald man slammed Nigel’s face deeper into the ground, causing the floor to crack.
Blood spurted out from his mouth and nose, and he couldn’t even scream in agony. His body was severely injured, with countless fractures all over.
“You’re not even worth my time!” The bald man in green sneered with an expression of disdain.
When they saw Nigel lying motionless on the ground, everyone was stunned. Their eyes widened in shock.
###Chapter 178 by Marina Vittori
There was pin–drop silence in the private room. At a loss for words, everyone was aghast at what had happened. No one expected the twist of events.
Just a minute ago. Nigel was their hero, flaunting his strength and skills, but now he was lying helplessly on the ground like a dead dog.
How could this bald guy be so powerful?
“H–how dare you hurt me? Do you know who I am? I’m Nigel Lin—”
“Shut the hell up!” With a crack, the bald man stepped on Nigel’s leg and broke it.
Nigel wailed in pain, with cold sweat appearing on his forehead.
“If you’ve got the nerve, tell me your names!” Nigel gritted his teeth, his eyes flashing with rage.
“Listen up! My name is Brent Garcia, and this is my brother, Wade Garcia!” The bald man in green announced loudly.
“Brent Garcia, Wade Garcia? Could it be…are you guys the Four Scoundrels?” Nigel’s pupils shrank in fear.
“The Four Scoundrels!” Everyone was shocked at the revelation.
The Four Scoundrels was a notorious group of merciless and vicious outlaws that terrorized the Southern
province.
These ruffians were infamous for their ruthlessness, and they would stop at nothing to achieve their goals!
Wherever they went, destruction and calamity followed. Countless elites in the Southern province were terrified of the Four Scoundrels, living in constant fear and anxiety.
After learning the identities of the two men, all the girls panicked.
“This is bad!” Claudia furrowed her brows.
The Four Scoundrels were all martial artists with incredible internal energy. Brent and Wade were said to be
even stronger than Thor.
It was already difficult enough to deal with one person.
Now, there were two of them at the same time, undoubtedly making things worse. If she were alone, she might
still have a chance to escape.
The problem was that she had to protect Sheila as well.
With her previous injuries, Claudia had no chance of winning if she had to go up against two villains
simultaneously.
“Brent! I’m warning you, everyone here Is of elite status. You’d better not mess around!” Nigel shouted bravely.
“Who cares if we cause trouble? You’re nothing but a plece of shit!” Brent kicked Nigel forcefully, sending him
170
Chapter 175
flying into the crowd.
Amidst the screaming and chaos, Claudia suddenly sprang into action!
She drew her dagger and lunged like a cheetah toward Brent’s throat, hoping to take out one of the two
opponents.
In a fair fight, she knew that she was no match for either of them.
By taking out one person, her chances of winning would significantly increase!
Although it was a good plan, Brent was no fool.
As the dagger came at him, he quickly dodged aside and slammed his shoulder into Claudia’s chest.
She grunted and staggered back, but before she could regain her footing, Brent punched her again with tremendous force.
Desperately, Claudia lifted her arm to block the blow. There was a loud thud as Claudia was thrown back once
more.
Her arm hanging limply, she spat out a mouthful of blood. Her internal injuries had opened up again.
“Ms. Doyle, if you were at full strength, you might be able to put up a fight with me for a few rounds. In this state, however, I suggest you surrender,” Brent sneered at her.
Claudia’s face darkened, and she rushed at nim again with her dagger.
After they exchanged blows for a few rounds, Claudia was punched heavily in the stomach.
She fell to the ground, unable to stand on her feet.
“It’s over, it’s all over!”
“Even Mr. Lincoln and Ms. Doyle were defeated. Who else can stop them?”
“What should we do? I don’t want to diel”
Seeing Claudia defeated, the girls were on the verge of tears. Their last glimmer of hope was now gone.
“Wade, take Ms. Murray away. I want to have some fun with the beautiful ladies here first,” Brent said with a wicked grin.
“Listen up. all of you. If you don’t want to die, take off your clothes. Otherwise, you’ll have to bear the consequences of inciting my anger!” As soon as he spoke, all the girls turned pale with fear.
Were they going to be violated by this pervert?
“Ms. Murray, come with me.” Wade, the bald guy in black, stepped forward and approached Sheila.
“Stop right there!” Suddenly, Ruth grabbed a fruit knile and stood in front of Sheila.
“I’m warning you, don’t come any closer, or Ill stab you!”
“Get lost!” Without saying another word, Wade swung his hand toward Ruth.
The energy gathered around Wade’s hand was strong enough to whip up a wind around them.
2/3
Chapter 170
At the crucial moment, a hand suddenly reached out and grabbed Wade’s wrist. Wade’s palm was frozen,
inches from Ruth’s face.
“You can bully the others, but you can’t touch these two,” Dustin said calmly.
“How dare you meddle in other people’s business? You’re asking for it!” Wade’s expression turned ugly, and he
raised his other fist to strike at Dustin’s head.
Dustin snorted lightly and made the first move. He punched Wade in the chest, his moves as quick as
lightning.
With a dull thud, an invisible beam of energy pierced through Wade’s back, shattering a wine bottle several
feet away.
Wade shuddered and slumped to the ground, unconscious.
“Wade!” Brent’s face contorted with anger.
“How dare you hurt my brother? I’ll send you to hell!” He charged forward like a wild bull and threw a punch directly at Dustin’s face.
Dustin caught his fist with one hand and squeezed it gently.
With a loud crack, the bones in Brent’s fist shattered. Blood and flesh splattered everywhere.
Before he could register the pain. Dustin grabbed his collar and slammed him hard against the wall like a sandbag, creating a gaping hole.
Brent hung helplessly on the wall, bleeding profusely and unable to move.
“I wanted to have a decent conversation with you guys, but you had to resort to violence.” Dustin patted the dirt off his clothes indifferently, as if defeating both of the bald guys was a trivial matter.
Everyone present was dumbfounded was stunned at Dustin’s nonchalance, including Sheila, Claudia, and
Nigel.
Dustin managed to defeat both of them with just two moves.
It was unthinkable that two of the invincible Four Scoundrels would be trounced and beaten up by a thin, frail guy like Dustin.
Were they dreaming?
Was he the cowardly and useless guy they were making fun of before?
###Chapter 179 by Marina Vittori
“H–how was this possible?!” Nigel gasped, his mouth wide and his face full of disbelief.
He finally witnessed how formidable the Four Scoundrels were in person. Either one of them could quickly
snuff him out.
It was perhaps fate that an expert like himself had been crippled by a doctor they looked down upon.
Such a thing was practically unheard of!
“How is this guy so powerful?” Claudia’s eyes widened in shock and bewilderment.
Initially, she had assumed that Dustin was an unsavory character who only knew how to resort to using dirty tricks up his sleeve, so she hadn’t expected him to be so skilled in martial arts.
He was miles better than her!
He wielded such strength at such a young age, too. She was frozen on the spot once the revelation hit her that she was no longer a goddess among men.
“Dustin’s way too cool!” Sheila cheered as her eyes sparkled.
After exchanging glances with one another, the rest of the girls also started looking at him in a different light.
Not used to everyone’s starstruck gazes on him, Dustin walked up to Brent before asking. “Tell me, who sent
you here?”
“Today’s my day of reckoning anyway, so kill me all you want!” Brent screamed through gritted teeth.
“It’s not like killing you guys will do me any good anyways. As long as you’re willing to talk, I’ll let you all live to see another day.” Dustin said.
“I’ll die either way if I reveal anything!” Brent replied solemnly.
“You’re referring to the spider venom in your stomach, right?” Dustin asked with raised eyebrows. He then pulled out a golden needle and stabbed it directly into Brent’s abdomen,
Immediately, a bulge was seen on Brent’s abdomen. The bulge began moving violently as if something inside him was fighting for their lives.
A few exhales later, the writhing stopped, and the bulge could no longer be seen moving.
When Dustin pulled out the golden needle, it was now stained with a sliver of blackish liquid.
“The venom is gone. You should be able to speak now,” Dustin said flatly.
“H–how did you do that?” Brent gasped, and his expression Immed lately turned into one that was fearful and
horrified.
That was because the Four Scoundrels had actually been controlled by someone who led them venom all this time. The mere thought of resistance could inflict pain that was worse than death on the host.
They had tried various ways to get rid of the venom, but not only did none of them have the slightest effect,
Chapter 179
they even aggravated the pain.
However, the person in front of him had gotten rid of the spider venom in his body with a mere needle.
These kinds of miraculous means were simply unheard of!
“I’m skilled in the art of poisons and venom, so if you wish to regain your freedom, you need to be honest and
tell me everything.” Dustin stated indifferently.
After hesitating for a long while. Brent finally compromised, saying, “Fine, I’ll tell you the truth, but you must
promise to spare the both of us,”
Which sensible human would choose death over life?
“Done.” Dustin nodded his head.
“To be honest with you, the person who ordered us to kidnap you was- Before Brent could finish his
sentence, the doors to the room were forcefully kicked open.
Xavier rushed hastily inside the room with a group of elite guards. He scanned the room and quickly found
Brent.
“It’s the Four Scoundrels again! Prepare to die!” Without waiting for the crowd to react. Xavier bashed Brent’s
skull in with his fists.
He was swift and brutal. Now, his hands were drenched in blood.
“Huh?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
Did Xavier just kill him to silence him?
“Sheila! Claudia! Are you guys alright?” Right after killing Brent. Xavier immediately turned around and asked Sheila and Claudia while wiping the blood off his hands.
“We’re fine. It was a good thing Dustin came to our aid just now.” Sheila forced a smile.
“Dustin?” Xavier asked as he suddenly turned his head to look at the man.
“What are you doing here? Xavier asked with a condescending gaze.
“What a coincidence.” Dustin replied indifferently.
“What do you mean, ‘what a coincidence? You were there the last time Sheila got ambushed, and you’re here yet again, so how can this be a coincidence?” Xavier scoffed, glaring down at Dustin.
“Your point exactly?” Dustin shot back.
“I suspect that you colluded with the Four Scoundrels to come up with a plan to get close to Shella!” Xavier
accused.
“I can assure you it’s not like that- Sheila spoke up before being interrupted by Xavier again.
“Don’t be fooled, Sheila! We don’t know where this guy is from or what his intentions are. Thus, he must be interrogated thoroughly for your safety. Apprehend this man for me at oncel”
At his command, the group of elite guards proceeded to cock their guns.
244
Chapter 179
“Stop! I was the one who brought Dustin here, so I can guarantee that he isn’t a bad guy!” Ruth stepped
forward, attempting to mediate the situation.
“Whether he’s a bad guy or not, we’ll know once we catch him!” Xavier retorted.
“Hey, do you still have any sense left in that brain of yours? Can’t you see that you’re being cruel by apprehending an innocent person?” Ruth was getting annoyed with Xavier’s stubbornness.
“Who are you to talk sense to me? Get lost!” Xavier screamed before lifting his hand to give Ruth a hard slap across her face, causing her to stagger and fall to the ground.
Everyone could see five visible, bright red fingerprints on her face.
“Huh?” Dustin gasped as his expression sank. His eyes flashed with anger.
“Are you crazy, Xavier? Why did you hit my friend?!” Sheila scolded Xavier while helping Ruth up.
“I was thinking about your safety, Sheila. I refuse to spare anyone who acts even remotely suspicious! Even if I have to be a villain today, I’ll make sure to get rid of every threat to you! Arrest that punk! Kill him on the spot if he dares to put up a fight!”
At Xavier’s order, all the elite guards attacked Dustin at once.
Dustin merely let out a cold snort and started gesturing with his hands. “Phew! Phew! Phew!”
Golden needles shot out from his hands and accurately navigated their way to the various acupuncture points on the bodies of the guards.
In no time at all all of the guards seemed to be bound by a spell of some sort, as they stood frozen in place,
unable to move.
“Do you want to die?!” Xavier shrieked as a scowl appeared on his face. He then immediately fished out his gun and fired at Dustin’s chest.
However, with a mere flick of a finger, Dustin swiftly sent two needles flying into the air. One needle landed on
Xavier’s shoulder, and another landed on his neck.
His body instantly stiffened as his arms and legs became paralyzed, and this made it difficult for him to move
a bit.
“W–what kind of sorcery is this?” Xavier cried, his face full of shock.
He was one of the top martial artists out there, so how could he be rendered immobile by two tiny golden needles just like that?
“Not only are you not that skilled or powerful, you still have the audacity to show up here and start hurling insults and beating the shit out of people? Dustin asked with an icy stare as he slowly approached him.
“Rhys! You’d better let go of me if you know what’s good for you, if not, I’ll make sure that you never leave here alive!” Xavier sneered fiercely.
“You dare threaten me? This is for speaking out of turn!” Dustin scoffed as he lifted a hand to slap Xavier’s face.
Chapter 179
He then gave him another slap. “This is for cursing me!”
After that, he gave him a harsh third slap. “This is for your audacity to even lay a linger on a woman!”
The slapping continued non–stop for a while. Dustin showed no mercy as he kept delivering blow after blow
onto Xavier’s face. He delivered a slap after every sentence he uttered.
The atmosphere in the room became tenser and tenser by the second.
“And this is for your stupid fucking face!” Dustin roared as he delivered the most powerful slap he could
muster, smashing Xavier to the ground.
Everyone in the whole room became dead silent for a moment!
###Chapter 180 by Marina Vittori
Everyone in the room was flabbergasted as they stared at Xavier, who’d been mercilessly battered and bruised.
No one had expected Dustin to be so bold as to slap Xavier. Everyone knew that the Horst family was among the five most powerful families in the Southern province.
They were the top of the top! They were essentially untouchable!
As an immediate heir, he was the rising star of the Horst family.
So, no matter where he went, he’d have the stars laid out at his feet.
No one had ever dared to humiliate him in public like this, much less slap him like a maniac so many times.
Was this guy batshit crazy?
“Y–you dare hit me?” Xavier asked rhetorically. The corners of his eyes started twitching as he tried to put on a fierce expression.
“I’m not just going to beat you, I’m going to make sure you can never use your hands ever again!” Dustin snorted and proceeded to stomp on his wrist, breaking it.
“Argh!” Xavier wailed in pain as he broke out in a cold sweat, his expression twisted.
It was a pity that he couldn’t even move a muscle at the moment.
“Stop! Have you lost your mind, Rhys? Do you have any idea who Xavier is? How dare you hurt him?” Claudia
shouted angrily at Dustin.
“I don’t care who he is. Anyone who dares mess with me will get a beating from me,” Dustin replied flatly.
“Didn’t he just slap you, Ruth? Come here and give him ten slaps for me!”
“Okay!” Ruth exclaimed and started adjusting her shirtsleeves before going up to Xavier and slapping the shit
out of him.
“How dare you hit me! How fucking dare you hit me! I’ll beat your ass up!” Ruth cursed with gritted teeth while
venting her anger as she continued slapping him.
“Stop!” Claudia yelled in rage and immediately stepped in to put a stop to everything.
“Get lost!” Dustin sneered and slapped her after, sending her flying into the air.
“Y–you dare hit me too?” Claudia whimpered while covering her face as if she were in disbelief.
“Don’t you think you deserve it? Dustin let out a snort.
“I saved your life on more than one occasion, and this is how you repay me? You didn’t say a word when Xavier framed me, and you also acted as if nothing had happened when Ruth got slapped. So, why is it that you’re turning against us after seeing Xavier get beaten up? Are all of the families who practice martial arts always this vengeful? Dustin snapped at Claudia.
“I-“Claudia stuttered as her face turned bright red. She was stunned and speechless after being bombarded
Chapter 190
with a series of valid accusations.
This even caused Sheila to be at a loss for words, as she simply did not know what she should do now. On one hand, there was the savior of her life, and on the other, a long–time friend.
After getting caught up in the middle, she was at a loss for words.
“I’m done with him, Brother–in–law!” Ruth announced after she finally came to a stop. Her hands had become
numb from all the brutal slapping.
As for Xavier, his face had long since swollen enough to resemble a pig’s head. He felt dizzy all over, as he
didn’t get any chance to catch his breath the whole time.
“I don’t care what you say. The fact that you laid a finger on Xavier means that you’re now an enemy of the Horst family. I’m afraid no one will be able to save your asses if you don’t state your case right now!” Claudia
shrieked.
Despite everything, the Doyle family had been friends with the Horst family for generations, so she couldn’t possibly stand up for mere outsiders now.
“You want us to state our case, right? Fine, I’ll grant you your wish,” Dustin said and suddenly turned to face
Sheila before continuing. “May I know if the sachet in front of your chest is a gift from Xavier, Miss Murray?”
“I–I’m not sure. All I know is that Claudia gave it to me.” Sheila said with her head lowered.
“What if I told you it was from Xavier?” Dustin continued to probe.
Claudia felt that she had nothing to hide, so she immediately shot back, “Xavier had to beg an expert to
procure this sachet, and he had me deliver it to Sheila afterward. It was said to aid in one’s sleep and nourish
the soul, so why are you finding fault in this?”
“It was said to aid in one’s sleep and nourish the soul? What a load of crap!” Dustin snickered before
snatching the sachet off her chest and throwing it into a glass of wine.
“Gurgle gurgle.” The sound of bubbles could be heard as the sachet suddenly started expanding in size, as if
hinting that there was something inside.
Immediately after, a thin, red–colored snake slithered out of the sachet and began thrashing about wildly in
the wine.
“W–what is that?!“.
“It’s a snake! My goodness, it’s a snake!”
“How horrifying! How can there be a snake inside the sachet? What if it bites someone?”
A sea of horrified looks could be seen almost immediately from the crowd. More and more started to murmur among themselves at the sight before them as their hearts raced with fear.
“How could this be?” Claudia gasped and didn’t know how to react to this.
“Do you know what this is, Miss Murray?” Dustin probed while pointing at the small red snake.
Sheila remained frozen on the spot as she shook her head, still reeling from her shock.
2/3
Chanter 1ED
“This is called a Serpent Love Charm and it can be used to confuse people’s minds. Once the snake enters one’s body, the charm will slowly take effect until the host completely falls head over heels for someone. The host’s heart could even stop beating after that!” Dustin explained plainly.
“That was a “Serpent Love Charm“?”
Everyone in the room was stunned after they heard this.
Even Claudia started feeling a little uneasy after hearing that. She did not expect that there would be a Serpent Love Charm inside the sachet.
“I’ve only heard stories about it before, but I didn’t know that such a thing even existed in our world!”
“Utterly ridiculous, right? To think that he put a Serpent Love Charm on her so that he could manipulate her feelings toward him. How shameless!”
“So, Miss Doyle, do you still think that this sachet can aid in one’s sleep and nourish their soul?” Dustin asked sarcastically.
“Well-..” Claudia frowned, and her gaze subconsciously shifted to Xavier. She couldn’t believe what was happening in front of her right now.
“Stop listening to his nonsense!” Xavier spoke in defense immediately after coming back to his senses.
“What the fuck is a Serpent Love Charm? I’ve never heard of this in my life! This sachet was gifted to me by someone else! I’m the victim too here!”
“That’s right! Even if there was a Serpent Love Charm in the sachet, that doesn’t prove that Xavier was the one who put it there. For all we know, some bigshot could’ve set him up!” Claudia roared.
“Yeah! Xavier’s always been an upright and honest person, so he would never stoop this low!” Nigel and the others also backed her up.
“Him? ‘Honest‘ and ‘upright‘? You’ve got to be kidding me!” Dustin snickered.
“The Serpent Love Charm only works if there is a pair of snakes, one female, and one male snake. Now that the female snake has appeared, we’re only missing the male snake. Since you all still don’t believe me,
allow me to show you!” With that, he waved one hand and sent two needles flying toward the arca between Xavier’s chest and abdomen.
His body spasmed as a pained expression took over his face. Soon after, he spat out a dark, black liquid. And thrashing around inside the black liquid was a thicker, reddish snake.
The crowd was dumbfounded the moment they witnessed this!
###Chapter 181 by Marina Vittori
“S–so that was a charm after all?” Everyone at the scene was frozen in place as they stared at the red snake that Xavier vomited.
One by one, their faces showed looks of disbelief. No one could’ve ever imagined that the esteemed heir of the Horst family, who had a bright and promising future ahead of him, had stooped this low just to court someone.
“Xavier, I never thought you’d be like this!” Claudia yelled angrily in shock. Who knew that she’d be the one who would be deceived by trusting him too much in the end? She almost became an accomplice in his schemes too!
“–” Xavier was at a loss for words as his face turned pale.
The truth was already laid bare for all to see, so even if he still insisted on denying it, his attempts would be
absolutely futile.
“Hmph. It’s a good thing Dustin has a good eye to see through your evil schemes. Otherwise, Sheila would’ve
fallen right into your trap!” Ruth spat, her expression full of contempt.
She hated cespicable and shameless men like him the most, the type who was incapable of landing a girl for
himself, and yet insisted on using unorthodox methods to do so. Absolutely disgusting!
Sheila said nothing to all of this and merely looked at Xavier with disgust and a heightened sense of
awareness.
“Yeah, so what if I gave her the charm? The only reason I did that was because I liked Sheila so much! I assure you that I’m the only person who’s the best match for Sheila in the entirety of South City, so much so that Uncle Caden already treats me like his son–in–law! I only did this to expedite the marriage between both of our families, so what’s so wrong with that?” Xavier roared, clearly irritated.
“Ugh, you’re such a hypocrite! It still doesn’t change the fact that you had to stoop so low to get what you
want. You’re disgusting!” Ruth spat on the ground.
“What do you know? What I have is true love for Sheila, a love that can’t be compared with anyone else!”
Xavier retorted angrily.
“True love? If it really was true love as you proclaimed, why’d you have to kidnap Miss Murray in the first
place?” Dustin snorted.
“What the fuck are you talking about, kid?” Xavier scowled.
“Miss Murray had been attacked twice, and your timing was right on the dot, which meant that someone
secretly tipped you off. And as for the Serpent Love Charm and the Spider Venom you put inside the Four
Scoundrel’s bodies, they both came from the same person. So, I’ve concluded that you have close ties to the Four Scoundrels,” Dustin explained as a matter of factly.
“What a load of bullshit!” Xavier yelled in response.
“If you really did nothing wrong as you claimed, then would there still be any need to kill the man off just now?
1/2
Chapter 181
Dustin threw the question back.
“I–I was just worried about Sheila’s safety, which is why I struck him with my full power!” Xavier explained
stubbornly.
“Is that so? We still have a survivor here, so what say we call them up to ask them their side of the story?” Dustin said before picking up a badly injured Wade with one hand.
It was a good thing Wade was still semi–alive and not completely out of the picture yet.
“That’s enough! Everything ends here, right now!” Claudia shouted all of a sudden.
“Didn’t you want me to state my case just now? Why the change of mind now?” Dustin snickered.
“You’d better quit it now if you know what’s good for you, Dustin! Tearing each other apart like this won’t benefit anyone. Besides, this matter should be kept between the three of us and our families. We’ll come up with the best way to deal with this, so we certainly don’t need any outsiders butting into our business now!” Claudia roared at Dustin.
The Murray family, Doyle family, and Horst family had always been longtime friends. The three families were
basically married to one another as their interests were intertwined. If one of them went down, then the rest
would go down together too.
Thus, if the scandal got out today, then it wouldn’t just be the Horst family’s reputation that would be damaged, but the Murray family and the Doyle family too.
Therefore, even if it were at Sheila’s awkward expense right now, they had to cease all questioning. immediately.
“Wait, this guy’s rotten to the core, and yet you still insist on helping him? Have you ever considered Sheila’s feelings?” Ruth yelled back in frustration.
“Shut up, you don’t have the right to butt into our business!” Claudia spat in disgust.
“Why you-” Just as Ruth was about to explode in fury again, Dustin stopped her by putting his hand in front of her. “Just let it go already. She’s right; it’s their own steaming heap of shit to take care of. It has nothing to do with us.”
“But what about Sheila?” Ruth frowned. The two of them had a good thing going, so she did not want her best friend to suffer like this.
“I’ll be fine, Ruth. I’ve decided to leave this matter in the hands of my father,” Sheila said as she forced out at smile.
###Chapter 182 by Marina Vittori
Even though she said that, she secretly knew that her father would take Xavier’s side out of his great fondness for him. When one was born into a wealthy family, joy wasn’t as much of a significant consideration as the family’s interests.
“Alright. We all know how much Uncle Caden adores you, so he definitely wouldn’t let you suffer,” Ruth replied. and she no longer pressed her for answers.
“Let’s go back home and take a nice nap, Ruth,” Dustin yawned. After retrieving all of his golden needles, he spun around and was about to leave when a voice piped up again.
“Running away already?” Xavier taunted, his expression now full of furious rage and his gaze scorching.
He immediately pounced on Dustin while he wasn’t paying attention and stabbed him with a knife!
“Just die already!” Xavier roared as he pushed the tip of the blade into Dustin’s back.
“Behind you!” Ruth and Sheila shrieked in horror, Everyone else at the scene was also stunned by Xavier’s sudden attack. No one expected that he’d launch a sneak attack against Dustin.
“Oh?” Dustin hummed as his footsteps came to a halt. He then slowly turned his back to meet Xavier’s crazed
gaze. “You want to kill me?”
“So what if you die? I can kill trash like you whenever I want!” Xavier laughed maniacally as he used more force to push the blade further inside.
But it was soon after that he realized that something was off. It was strange to him that he couldn’t seem to
push the knife in any further as he tried to put more force behind it.
“Since you explicitly said that you’re cut for my blood, then don’t blame me for being merciless,” Dustin grabbed Xavier by the neck and lifted him off the ground.
“Urgh!” Xavier gasped for air as his face turned red. He struggled to break free from Dustin’s grasp as he flailed his legs wildly in the air.
“Dustin! Release him right now!” Claudia commanded, her face aghast, after feeling an urge to kill him.
“He wants to kill me though? Are you saying I should just stand here and let him kill me?” Dustin turned his head sideways, his gaze was as cold as ice.
“I don’t care about that! You just can’t hurt Xavier, no matter what. Otherwise, you’ll be making yourself an enemy of all three of our families!” Claudia threatened,
“That’s right! Just let go of Xavier already! Or else, you won’t like it when I’m angry!” Nigel echoed.
“Mr. Horst is not someone you can mess with, Dustin. Just admit you’re wrong, and who knows, you might just receive his forgiveness,”
1/2
Chapter 182
“Can’t you look at the situation and adapt? Just let Mr. Horst stab you with a knife to let off steam, and all of this will be over. As long as you dare put up a fight, you and your family will be faced with calamity in the future!”
“Yeah! In this world, it is useless to rely on strength alone. The most important thing is still power, so just kneel down to Xavier and admit your mistakes already. It’s not anything shameful if it’ll help you make it out of here alive, you know.”
The crowd erupted in a flurry of scoldings toward Dustin.
Although they all knew that Xavier was in the wrong, they understood that he was still the one with absolute power. At this stage, it wasn’t important who was right or wrong.
“Heh, you hear that, Rhys? I’m not someone you can simply cross, you know. So what if you can fight? You’re just a puny martial artist, after all. One word from me, and your entire family goes poof! Kneel and bow down to me right now. Who knows–if you manage to appease me, I might even spare your puny life!” Xavier sneered and believed that he already had this in the bag.
“What makes you so sure that I don’t dare to kill you?” Dustin asked, amused.
“Do you, though? If you do so much as touch a single hair on my head, I’ll have your whole bloodline wiped out! Come on then, kill me! Aren’t you the one who kept saying they were so powerful? Then kill me if you have the balls! I want to see if you have the balls to-!” Xavier shouted profusely, taking it to the extreme, until he was rudely interrupted by a violent smack by Dustin, which decimated his neck.
He died instantly!
###Chapter 183 by Marina Vittori
“Why don’t you get a better brain in your next life.” Dustin spat as he looked at Xavier’s corpse. And with one swift motion, he threw his dead body to the side with one hand, as if it were trash.
Xavier’s body landed with a “thump” near Claudia and the other’s feet.
Xavier’s face was riddled with fear and disbelief. Even up to his death, he didn’t understand why Dustin dared to make a move on him.
Everyone gasped, petrified, as they stared at the corpse beneath their feet. Every single one of them was frozen in place and was at a loss for how to respond to the scenario in front of them..
To think that an heir from an affluent family, who was also the pride of an entire city, had his life taken from him just like that?
How was this remotely possible?
After a brief silence, everyone at the scene erupted into a frenzy of chatter.
“Are you out of your mind, Dustin?! D–d–did you actually just kill Xavier?” Claudia shouted with a face full of
shock, looking at Dustin as if he were a maniac.
The action of Dustin killing Xavier was akin to a peasant killing a king.
It was simply treacherous and heartless!
“You’ve done it this time, bastard! You’ve really done it this time!”
“Since you were the one who killed Xavier, no matter where you go in this world from now on, you’ve got
nowhere to hide!”
“The Horst family would surely want to exact their revenge on you, your entire family, and your friends after
this. Everyone whom you’ve ever loved will be a target of the Horst family now, and they’ll follow all of you to your graves!” Nigel hissed frantically.
“He’s insane! This guy’s truly gone off his rockers!”
“The Horst family comes from a long line of martial artists, and their influence spans the entirety of South City.
They have countless disciples under their wing, so the fact that you committed such a heinous act means that you made yourself an enemy of said countless disciples too!”
“Do you even know what you did? How dare you kill Mr. Horst? Even God can’t protect you now!”
The crowd was in an uproar. No one had expected that Dustin would be so bold as to kill someone. Did he
want to die so badly?
“As long as you don’t cross me, I won’t do the same back to you, but if you do, then I’ll return the favor. This
Horst wanted to take my life, so how could I let him live?” Dustin’s expression remained stoic.
“You’re fucking insane! You madman! You’ll definitely regret this!” Claudia roared; she was still in shock at the
turn of events. She shot him a look as if she were looking at a dead man.
“I never regret anything I do. If the Horst family wants revenge, just tell them that they’re free to come to me anytime.” Dustin snapped before turning around to leave.
“Hey, wait for me! You were so cool tonight, Brother–in–law, but Xavier’s not some small fry, you know. I doubt if things are going to end well after killing him. But you shouldn’t worry, with the Harmon family’s help, I’m sure we can take care of this matter for you!” Ruth exclaimed before running up to catch up to him.
“Don’t bother. I was the one who dealt the killing blow, so I shouldn’t be afraid if his family wants to get back at me. Even if we end up fighting again, who knows which side will emerge as the victor this time around?” Dustin was unconcerned.
“Are you for real? You don’t need to put up a front, you know!” Ruth said while eyeing him suspiciously.
The Horst family, while slightly inferior to the Harmon family in terms of power, was still a force to be reckoned. with in the city.
While Dustin had great power himself, he was up against an affluent family that had been here for years. Thus, it would seem like a single person was unable to fight against such a powerful force.
“You’ll find out soon enough.” Dustin let out a soft chuckle and refused to reveal too much.
As soon as the two of them left, the room erupted into chaos once again.
“Quick! Notify the Horst family immediately!”
“To think that that madman dared to kill Mr. Horst. We’ll make sure he pays the price for it!”
Inside the council chamber at Fallridge Haven, Caden was drinking tea with a middle–aged man.
“I need to apologize to you about the Gozoraberry, Sir Gabriel. Unfortunately, the gem isn’t in my possession right now, so I can’t give it to you at the moment,”
“Oh, what happened?” Gabriel Horst asked with a puzzled look.
The Gozoraberry was said to aid one in their quest to become a high–level martial artist. After hearing about this piece of news, he jumped at the first chance to obtain it for himself.
“Two days ago, this punk named Dustin got lucky and managed to cure Sheila’s illness, so he was rewarded
with a Gozoraberry,” Caden explained.
“How can a mere brat have such a valuable item in his possession?‘ Gabriel spat as he narrowed his eyes, his
gaze annoyed.
“I thought the same thing. Although I was the one who gave it to him, it doesn’t mean you can’t get it back,”
Caden insinuated.
“You’re too kind. Since you can’t be the one who takes it back from him, allow me to take care of this,” Gabriel
grinned.
“That would be the best course of action for now. However, try not to Involve the Murray family, I don’t want
anyone gossiping about this,” Caden replied.
2/3
Chapter 103
“Consider it done! This won’t be the first time I’m killing someone just to get something I want, so I’ll make
sure that everything is done discreetly so that no one ever finds out about this,” Gabriel plotted as an evil glint flashed across his eyes.
Every man was considered innocent until a bounty was put on their head. How could a mere background character with no influence on his name possess such a valuable treasure?
He definitely deserved to die..
“Sir Gabriel! Something terrible has happened!” A guard from the Horst family suddenly interrupted the two of them with a panicked look.
Because he ran too fast, he tumbled onto the ground after losing his balance. His movements made Gabriel furrow his brows.
“You fool! What are you panicking for?” Gabriel snapped at the guard.
“I-“The guard wanted to say something but stopped himself.
“Spit it out! What the hell is going on?” Gabriel snapped, confused.
*Sir! Something terrible has happened! M–Mr. Horst has been killed!” The guard wailed as he fell to his knees.
“What?! What the hell are you talking about? My son seemed fine not long ago, so how is he dead now?”
Gabriel shrieked and shot out of his chair, his face full of horror.
“But it’s true, Mr. Horst had his neck broken, and his corpse is outside as we speak!” The guard cried.
“That’s impossible! Absolutely impossible!” Gabriel spat and frantically shook his head in utter disbelief.
However, when they carried Xavier’s corpse into the room, Gabriel felt as if he’d been struck by lightning, and
his face turned pale as a sheet.
“Who?! Who the hell did this?!” Gabriel yelled frantically after reeling from his shock. His eyes turned bloodshot, and he started acting like a rabid beast.
Such senseless violence!
Such madness!
“I–it was done by a guy called Dustin Rhys.” The guard managed to sputter out.
“Dustin Rhys, you fucking dog! How dare you kill my son? I’ll break your body into pieces! I’ll tear you to shreds! “Gabriel roared while gnashing his teeth, his eyes almost popped out of their sockets.
“Pass on the order! Use up all your resources to search the entire city if you must! We must find that bastard at all costs!”
###Chapter 184 by Marina Vittori
After sending Ruth home, Dustin returned to the Peaceful Medical Center.
However, he couldn’t help but frown the moment he opened the doors to the building. The place looked as if it had been ransacked. It was a mess.
Boxes of medicine were scattered all over the place, and Dahlia, who had been rushing here and there the whole time, had on a face that was drenched in sweat.
“Diarhica, Where did he put the Diarhica? Dahlia mumbled to herself with a prescription in hand.
After looking around for a while, she finally saw a box of Diarhica that had been stored in a medicine cabinet high above the ground. Since it was out of her reach, she could only retrieve it by stepping on a stool.
“What are you doing?” Dustin asked coldly.
Dahlia was startled by his question and lost her balance on the stool, Seeing as she was about to fall to the ground, Dustin instinctively grabbed hold of her before that could happen.
It felt as if he was carrying something precious in his arms, as a nice smell wafted into his nostrils.
After propping her up on her feet, he immediately without a moment of hesitation and let go of her.
“You’re back already?” Dahlia asked as her expression lit up for a brief moment before she quickly snuffed it
out.
“Where did you go in the middle of the night? How come you didn’t pick up my calls?”
“I just went out for a bit and didn’t bother checking my phone. What are you doing here?” Dustin answered back with indifference. He assumed that she wasn’t the type to take the initiative to search for him, especially
with her arrogant attitude.
“I just so happened to pass by and saw Mr. Jones passed out at the entrance, so I helped him get inside.”
Dahlia explained.
“He passed out? What happened?” Dustin asked with a frown.
“I heard that his house had been ransacked by thieves, and after fighting them off, he got severely injured in the process. I think you should head inside to take a look at him,” Dahlia urged.
Dustin said nothing more as he immediately complied with her request.
Sure enough, he saw Gregory Jones lying on the bed with a pale complexion. Inside the steel basin under his
bed was a pool of contaminated blood.
When he went up to him to check his pulse, he immediately frowned. Gregory’s Celestial Decay seemed to be
getting worse.
It was also getting worse at a faster rate than he had expected.
“You’re back already, kid?” Gregory asked as he slowly opened his eyes. He had a nonchalant expression on
his face.
1/4
Chapter 184
“I guess this condition is back again, but since that Dahlia girl gave me some medicine just now, I should be fine now.” Gregory explained.
“What the hell happened here?” Dustin asked as his brows furrowed deeply.
To curb his Celestial Decay, he had specially placed several seals on Gregory’s body. But now he could see that the seals had been loosened. This indicated that Gregory had been forced to use his true energy.
“Not long ago, a few scums arrived at the medical center and started blabbering about arresting you and talking about taking this Gozoraberry or something from you. Naturally, I refused to tell them anything and even beat their asses before they fled. However, I didn’t know that by doing that, I’d be using my true energy. which would cause all of my old wounds to reopen. I really fucking don’t know what to say!” Gregory huffed.
To think that ten years ago, he could’ve easily taken care of all of those scum with a flick of a finger. It seemed that his age had finally caught up to him!
“Oh right, before they fled, they left you a note. Take a look at it yourself.” Gregory added before pulling out a blood–stained sheet of paper.
“What?” Dustin gasped after reading the paper over. Two lines of words were written on it.
“Meet me at the Horst Dojo at 10 pm! Remember to bring the Gozoraberry as well. If you don’t show up, we’ll
get rid of your entire family!” were the words that were written on the paper.
After he finished reading it, Dustin crumpled the paper into dust with one hand.
It was fairly obvious that this was the work of the Horst family.
He didn’t want to make a big deal out of it, but since they were the ones looking for trouble in the first place.
they couldn’t blame him if he decided to play along.
“Anyway, it was a good thing that Dahlia girl came in clutch at the right time. Otherwise, I would’ve been in
serious danger by now!” Gregory let out a small sigh.
Although the scoundrels didn’t manage to scratch him, his internal injuries were quite bad. So, if it weren’t for
Dahlia’s timely treatment, his life would’ve been in jeopardy.
“Thanks.” Dustin muttered as he turned around to look at Dahlia with a complex look on his face.
“You’re welcome. Mr. Jones has always been good to me, so I felt that it was only right that I returned the favor,” Dahlia replied while wiping off her sweat.
“Regardless, I should still thank you for everything. Anyway, I have places to be again, so I’ll have to trouble you to take care of Gregory here,” Dustin said.
“Where are you headed to this time?” Dahlia frowned.
“To get my revenge!” Dustin declared.
At night, in the commander’s room at South City’s military headquarters, a handsome young general was analyzing his battle formations on a sand table.
Chapter 184
Standing behind him were several female lieutenants, all of whom merely stood guard as they allowed him to
do his thing.
All of their gazes were filled with admiration and worship towards the man.
One must know that the person in front of them was actually the youngest commander of Dragonmarsh!
Paired with the Goddess of War, Scarlet Spanner, they were known as the rising stars of the Spanner family!
Not even thirty years old, he held power over hundreds of thousands of troops, he’d won hundreds of battles, achieved countless merits, and was definitely worthy of the title God of War indeed!
No one was more capable in the entirety of Dragonmarsh than him!
He was known as the “National Warrior“!
At that moment, his phone started ringing. He’d received a call from an unfamiliar number.
Adam Spanner raised his eyebrows slightly at this, as he thought that it was a bit strange.
“Hello, is this Adam Spanner?” A familiar voice asked him the moment he answered the call.
“Who are you? How dare you call this commander by his name? The nerve-
“This is Dustin Rhys speaking” Adam instantly froze on the spot and didn’t know how to respond. He immediately swallowed his words back down.
After staying silent for a while, he finally mustered the courage to reply in a stiff manner, “Well, well, well, if it isn’t Mr. Troublemaker. I thought you died in a ditch somewhere, I even brought flowers to visit your grave
every year.”
“Stop talking shit. I need you to do something for me.” Dustin snapped.
“Hey, watch your tone! I’m the commander of an army now, not some puny mafia character you can brutally beat up!” Adam whispered.
“Oh, so what do you want me to do?” Dustin taunted in reply.
“I want you to give me more respect. Like when you ask me to do something for you, you need to word it in a way that sounds like you’re pleading. You could, like, butter them up a little first,” Adam said while dusting the
badges on his shoulder pad.
It seemed to Dustin that he was still as arrogant as ever.
“Forget I said anything: I’ll go find someone else,” Dustin spat, as he wasn’t in the mood to play games with
him.
“D–don’t hang up on me yet!” Adam responded, all startled, before continuing with a face that was all smiles,” Look at you, can’t you take a joke? Honestly, you get mad at everything I say. You know how it is between us: if you have anything on your mind, you know that you can just tell me!
“What was I thinking? You’re the commander and military god of the Dragonmarsh army now, after all. So, how could I possibly trouble you with this? Perhaps it’d be better to just find someone else.” Dustin trailed off.
“No need to bother with that, Dustin! It would be an honor for me to do something for you. Just take it as your granting a favor for me, alright? Please give me a chance: I promise to do a good job for you!” Adam begged in a panicked tone.
After waiting for so fucking long, he finally obtained a chance to show his strength. How could he let go of this opportunity so easily?
“Ha! Since you’re the one doing the begging now, I’ll give you a chance, as I can sense your sincerity through the phone,” Dustin said.
“Thanks a lot, Dustin!” Adam thanked him with a huge grin on his face.
This display of his soft side caused a few female officers near him to stare at him in disbelief. All of their eyes were wide with shock, and they all looked as if they’d seen a ghost.
Was this really their usual death stare and stoic commander?
Who exactly was the person on the other side of the phone?
How did they manage to make an esteemed military officer act so meekly like this?
###Chapter 185 by Marina Vittori
At Fallridge Haven. “Father! Please help Dustin; otherwise, he’ll die!” Sheila begged on her knees.
“Hmph! You have the audacity to request assistance for him?! He is responsible for Xavier’s death! That is the gravest of offenses! The Horst army has already assembled all of Swinton’s finest warriors! No one can save him now!” Caden spoke with a frigid tone.
“Father! Dustin has rescued me on numerous occasions. Please help him, for my sake!” Sheila pleaded, tears streaming down her face.
Ever since she returned to Fallridge Haven, she hadn’t stopped begging his father for his help. That was because only her father could go against the Horst army.
“It is exactly because he’s saved you that I refrained from taking his life!” Caden retorted coldly.
“Father! I will do as long as you save Dustin!” Sheila begged on all fours.
or YOU SAN
Soon, her knees started to bruise.
“You fool! You have no idea what you’re doing!”
Caden slammed the table as he stood up. “Do you want me to cross the Horst family for a nobody? Have you no care about what might happen to the rest of us?!”
“I don’t care about the others! I just know that Dustin saved me, and I must repay him!” Sheila said with tearful
eyes.
“You“..you’re being foolish and naive! Claudia! Bring her downstairs and keep an eye on her. She is not
allowed to leave Fallridge Haven!” Caden was fuming.
“Yes, sir!” Claudia replied as she dragged Sheila away.
“Claudia! Please, help me, would you?” Sheila’s eyes were swollen red from her tears.
“Dummy, it’s not worth it for a stranger.” Claudia sighed.
She could see that Sheila had fallen for Dustin. However, this love was destined to fail. She was from a rich
family, and he was just an ordinary guy with no background. They were worlds apart.
“Claudia! Let me call Grandpa. As long as he agrees, Dustin will be saved!” Sheila begged.
“Sheila, General Murray has no longer been concerned with these matters. Your father is the one in charge of
everything now.” Claudia shook her head.
“No matter what, I must give it a try. I won’t give up!” Shella said, full of stubbornness.
“Alright then I hope you don’t regret it.” Claudia could only pass her phone to Sheila.
From her standpoint, Sheila was wasting her energy.
General Murray was one of the highest–ranking generals in Swinton.
1/2
Ten years ago, he had already retired and passed down all his responsibilities to Caden. Unless his family is threatened, he would never show his face. It was impossible for him to put in such great effort for such a small matter.
10.00 pm, at Swinton Horst Dojo.
Gabriel, dressed in heavy armor, stood stoically within the ring, his fierce expressions sending chills down the spines of any who dared to meet his gaze.
Behind him loomed the elite members of the Horst family, their presence commanding respect and fear alike. As far as the eye could see, there were hundreds of them stretching across the horizon, a formidable force to be reckoned with.
In the crowd. Nigel was whispering to a group of people.
“Mr. Lincoln, do you think that Rhys fellow would show up tonight?” The girl in a yellow shirt asked.
“Hmph! Even if he doesn’t dare to show up, he’s still dead meat! The only difference is whether he dies alone or with his entire family!” Nigel laughed coldly.
The Horst family reigned supreme at the apex of the martial arts world, their wealth and power placing them among the elite in Millsburg. How can a nobody from the countryside be able to fend against them?
“He’s a fool who deserved death for crossing the Horst family!”
“Sure, he may bask in the glory for a few seconds, but eventually, he’ll have to face the consequences of his actions!”
A few people in the group shook their heads, waiting for the showdown to begin.
“Hey! I think someone’s coming!”
At that moment, someone from the crowd shouted.
Everyone looked over and noticed a silhouette slowly approaching them.
###Chapter 186 by Marina Vittori
“That fellow really dared to come? He really doesn’t treasure his life!”
“Your bravery is commendable. But showing up here is a foolish move!”
The crowd erupted into an uproar, with a variety of expressions on their faces.
“Dustin Rhys is it?!” A guard from the Horst family took a step forward, his voice booming with authority.
“That’s me.” Dustin replied, unfazed.
“So, you’re the one who killed my son, Xavier?” Gabriel’s fierce gaze remained fixed on Dustin, his expression. stern and unyielding.
“Yes.” Dustin nodded once again.
“Kneel down!” Gabriel roared.
“Kneel? You’re not worthy of such respect.” Dustin retorted.
Dustin added, “Horst, I’ll give you a chance. Hand over the people who trespassed at Peaceful Medical Center and apologize to Gregory. Then, I’ll spare your life.”
The crowd went wild at his statement.
“Holy shit! Is he out of his mind? He’s still acting so brazen even when his life is at stake?”
“Having killed Xavier, he dares to demand an apology from Sir Gabriel! He’s wild!”
“Those who are ignorant are the ones who are fearless. This guy has no idea who he just crossed.”
The crowd murmured as they pointed at Dustin.
“Punk! Do you know what you’re saying? You are the one who is trapped now! If you don’t want to suffer a painful death, hand over the Gozoraberry and beg for forgiveness on your knees. Otherwise, you will be erased from this world!” Gabriel’s face darkened, and his voice became cold and ominous.
“I may not have the Gozoraberry, but I still have my life. If you think you’re capable of taking it, then come and get it. Dustin motioned with his finger.
“Great! How absolutely fantastic! Since you don’t value your life, then don’t blame me for what happens next! Guards! Cut off this insolent punk’s limbs! I want his head on a stick as revenge!”
Soon after his orders, a few guards rushed towards him, trying to get a head start.
“Boom!”
With a loud stomp of his foot, the ground beneath Dustin shattered, sending debris flying across the room in all directions.
As the debris flew across the room, some of it moved with such force that it struck the guards like bullets, causing them to stumble and fall to the ground.
Within a matter of seconds, a few of the guards had fallen to the ground, groaning in pain as they clutched their wounds.
“Go! All of you!” Gabriel thundered, his voice filled with anger and frustration.
“Kill him!”
At Gabriel’s command, a large number of guards charged toward Dustin, their weapons raised and their faces filled with fury.
The guards surrounded Dustin like a tidal wave.
“Hmph! This punk is dead meat! The members of Horst dojo are all elites. He won’t be able to fend them off no matter how skilled he is!” Nigel laughed.
“I can’t wait to see him defeated.” The girl in yellow laughed along with him.
“He’s not even running after being surrounded by that many guards. Does he plan to fight all of them alone? Hahaha! Does he think he’s Superman?”
The group of people laughed as they mocked Dustin, waiting for a good show.
Yet, in a few moments, their smiles were frozen in place. As the fight began, the match took a completely different turn from what they had expected.
Dustin was unstoppable and invincible!
One, two, three-
Ten, twenty, thirty…
In just two minutes, more than half of the guards from the Horst family had fallen. Till that moment, no one could match Dustin’s level of combat.
The whole scene was a massacre!
Dustin alone was slaughtering the bunch of them.
“H–he’s on another level!”
###Chapter 187 by Marina Vittori
Ten minutes later. The entire Horst Dojo was filled with pained groans. Dustin stood amidst the crowd, emanating a presence akin to that of a god or demon. His presence was awe- inspiring, commanding, and intimidating.
A few people in the audience were stunned. They stared with widened eyes as if they saw a ghost.
Everyone was taken aback by Dustin’s strength. Single–handedly, he had managed to sweep through the entire Horst dojo!
It should be noted that these warriors were the elite of the dojo, capable of facing ten opponents alone.
Yet, in the span of a few minutes, all of them were taken down. This was too absurd! “Fuck! He’s that strong? He’s on an entirely different level!”
“My goodness, where did this demon come from?!”
Nigel and the others were stunned speechless, especially a few girls who covered their mouths in shock.
Dustin alone faced off against a hundred soldiers, slaughtering people from all directions.
It was truly unbelievable!
*The Horst dojo is nothing.” Dustin stood proudly as his gaze landed on Gabriel.
“I have to admit, kid, you’re pretty good. I underestimated you earlier.” Gabriel took off his coat, revealing his muscular body and long sword at his waist.
“But it ends here. Today, I’ll personally take your life!” As he spoke, he slowly drew his long sword, and a cold light flashed around him.
“Sir Gabriel is unleashing his full strength. This kid is doomed!” Nigel became excited at the sight.
“Have you heard of the Hundred Immortals?”
“Of course! The Hundred Immortals is a combat power ranking list in the martial world, In Dragonmarsh, there are millions of martial arts practitioners, but only one hundred can make it onto the Hundred Immortals. These one hundred individuals are all the cream of the crop, the most outstanding top–tier experts!”
Nigel arrogantly lifted his head and said, “Good to know. Let me tell you, he is one of the top ten of the Hundred Immortals.”
“What? Top ten of the Hundred Immortals?” The others were all shocked at the news.
They knew that Gabriel was powerful, but they never expected him to be ranked so high on the Hundred
Immortals list.
It was extremely difficult to even make it onto the list, and even more so to become one of its top members. Any one of the top ten could easily sweep through all the martial arts dojos in Swinton.
1/3
Chanter 187
“It seems that I underestimated Sir Gabriel’s terrifying power. He truly is a martial art master born into a martial arts family!”
“This poor guy, he actually provoked Sir Gabriel, He’s looking for death!” The onlookers were all full of surprise and pity, looking at Dustin as if he were already dead.
“I heard that Sir Gabriel’s sword is faster than a bullet, and no one can block it. Is it true?” The girl in yellow suddenly asked.
“Of course it’s true! Sir Gabriel’s sword is famous for its speed, especially his ultimate move. ‘Eclipse Strike“. Whenever he uses it, no one has ever escaped alive!” Nigel spoke boastfully.
“Wow, that’s amazing! I wonder if we’ll have the chance to witness Sir Gabriel’s ultimate move today?” The girl in a yellow dress looked on with anticipation and admiration.
“Quick, look! Sir Gabriel is about to make his move!”
As the crowd discussed, on the stage. Gabriel’s aura became more imposing, exuding an intense and sharp
pressure.
“Kid, it’s an honor to die by my sword!” Gabriel declared.
“Now, let me show you what it means to break all laws with a single sword strike!” With a single step, Gabriel
leaped high off the stage.
Upon landing, he crouched slightly, gathering energy before springing forward like an arrow and hurtling
towards Dustin.
“Eclipse Strike!” Gabriel roared, unleashing his ultimate move. Instantly, the air was filled with the glint of the
sword and the howling of the wind.
“Here it comes, Sir Gabriel’s most powerful sword strike!”
“No wonder it’s his ultimate move! It’s so cool!”
“No one can survive the ‘Eclipse Strike‘!”
The crowd shouted in admiration and shock.
Gabriel and his sword merged into a rainbow of light, piercing straight toward Dustin’s chest.
Right when it seemed like a killing blow was about to land, a light “ding” sound was heard.
Suddenly, two fingers appeared out of nowhere, gripping the sword. With a simple twist, the sword snapped in
half.
“Clang!”
The wind ceased, and the light dispersed.
“Huh?!” Gabriel was stunned. He stood in place, a little lost on what to do.
“My famous move was actually blocked just like that? And with just two fingers?” He thought.
“How is this possible?!” cried Nigel, his face turning pale.
###Chapter 188 by Marina Vittori
“Smack!” When the last slap fell, Gabriel was completely disfigured, with a crooked nose, a twisted mouth, and half of his teeth falling out, looking extremely miserable.
He collapsed on the ground, completely powerless. He never expected Dustin to be so strong, to the point where he couldn’t even fight back throughout the whole fight.
He could only passively take the beating without any resistance. With this kind of strength, Dustin might even well be in the top three of the Hundred Immortals.
“D–did I see it right? Sir Gabriel was actually defeated? And so miserably?”
“Who is this guy? What kind of monster is he?” After a long silence in the martial arts gym, there was finally
some sound.
However, no one responded because the facts were already laid out in front of them.
Gabriel had indeed lost and was completely crushed throughout the entire fight.
The so–called top ten of the Hundred Immortals and his so–called “Eclipse Strike“, his “ultimate” move, had
become a joke at this moment.
Dustin’s strength was far beyond everyone’s imagination. With just a slap, he could render Gabriel completely
powerless.
“Who are you?” Gabriel sat on the ground, his face twisted with fear.
How could there be such a powerful person in a small place like Swinton, and more importantly, one so
young? This was simply abnormal!
“Who I am doesn’t matter. What matters is, will you still be able to survive after this?” Dustin looked down at
him coldly.
Upon hearing this, Gabriel first froze, then burst out laughing maniacally, his face distorted. “Kid! I admit you are strong–even exceptionally talented! But the problem is, you are just one person, and behind me stands the
entire Horst family!
“The disciples of the Horst family are well into the thousands, spread throughout the seventeen provinces of Swinton! Will you be able to defeat ten, a hundred, or even thousands of them? If you dare to kill me today, you will become the public enemy of the entire Horst family. By then, you will face countless warriors‘ relentless pursuit, day and night! You should weigh the consequences yoursell!”
After hearing these words, Nigel and the others, who were initially shocked and confused, immediately came back to their senses.
“That’s right, so what if Dustin is so powerful? He was still only a human being who has weaknesses and flaws. The Horst family was a wealthy and powerful family in the capital with tons of skilled warriors, some even stronger than Gabriel himself. Once these strong warriors learn of the news and gather up, it would be easy to crush him.” The crowd thought.
“A person who acts recklessly will always remain so, and can never attain the heights of true strength!” Nigel. shook his head and retained his calm smile.
“Exactly! No matter how powerful he is, he is still an ant in front of the great Horst family. He’ll be crushed easily! The girl in the yellow dress followed up in agreement.
“In this world, it is not strength that matters but power and connections. This kid will ultimately face death!” After realizing this, the group of people couldn’t help but feel a sense of excitement about Dustin’s impending doom.
“Are you so confident that the Horst family can protect you?” Dustin looked at Gabriel with a meaningful smile on his lips.
“What, do you still want to challenge the entire Horst family with your own strength?” Gabriel sneered, with a condescending look on his face.
“Challenge? You are overestimating yourself a little. Give the Horst family a call and ask if they can protect you. Do they even dare to protect you?” Dustin sneered.
“Huh?” Gabriel narrowed his eyes and, after confirming that the other party was not joking, immediately took out his phone.
However, the dozens of missed calls on it made him frown slightly. He felt a sense of unease in his heart. He took a deep breath and dialed the number back.
As soon as the call was connected, his father’s roar came from the other side.
“Gabriel! Where the hell have you been? Your phone has been unreachable! You despicable animal! What the hell have you done? Our entire family has been ruined by you! If I had known this would happen, I should have strangled you to death earlier! So that you wouldn’t bring disaster to our whole family!” His father’s angry rant immediately stunned Gabriel,
After a while, Gabriel tentatively asked, “Dad, what happened exactly?”
“You still have the nerve to ask what happened? It’s all your fault! It’s all because of you, you despicable animal! Our entire family has been banned from killing by the military! Do you know who issued the kill ban order? It was Adam Spanner! It’s the God of War, Adam Spanner! One of the twin stars of the Spanner family and the youngest chief commander in Dragonmarsh! If the God of War personally takes action, what the hell have you done to offend him?!”
As he listened to his father’s shouting in his ear, Gabriel felt as if he had been struck by lightning and stood there stunned!
God of War?
Adam Spanner?
Kill Ban?
H–how could this be possible?
“Die! Just go and die! No one can protect you! And no one dares to protect you! Only when you die can the Horst family survive!” His father’s voice came through the phone again.
Gabriel stood there, at a loss. His face was full of disbelief.
How could the world–renowned God of War, Sergeant Spanner, suppress the Horst family? Who could request Sergeant Spanner to intervene?
“So? Do you still think that the Horst family will stand up for you?” Dustin’s indifferent voice sounded.
“W–was it you?! Was this…all your doing? W–who are you? Why would even Sergeant Spanner stand up for you?!” Gabriel trembled all over, raised his head, and looked at Dustin in horror.
He couldn’t believe it. How could such a deity–like person be hiding in a small place like Swinton?
“You don’t deserve to know who I am. Now, I’ll give you a chance to take your own life, so that you can still save your family. As he spoke, Dustin kicked the broken sword on the ground toward Gabriel.
“Take…my own life?” Looking at his broken sword, Gabriel was stunned; his face was ashen, and his eyes were filled with despair.
Then, in front of a group of people with shocked, astonished, and unbelieving eyes, Gabriel picked up the sword and directly severed his own neck.
In an instant, his head rolled off and blood spattered on the ground.
###Chapter 189 by Marina Vittori
“Uh…” Looking at the head rolling on the ground prompted a brief silence from those in the martial arts gym, followed by the commotion and screams.
No one expected that Gabriel would choose to commit suicide so decisively and ferociously. With one sword, he cut off his own head. Has he lost his mind!?
“What did you do to Sir Gabriel?! Nigel was sweating with fear. “You want to find out? Go ask him yourself.” Ignoring the shocked expressions of everyone, Dustin turned around and left the gym.
As soon as he left, a fully armed team immediately rushed in and sealed off the scene. Everyone involved was
arrested.
He didn’t care to worry about what happened next.
With Sergeant Spanner’s power, there would naturally be no loopholes in handling this small matter..
On the other side, at Fallridge Haven.
“What? Dustin didn’t die?! How could this happen? Gabriel is in the top ten on the Hundred Immortals, and he brought so many elite members of the Horst family to help him out. It should have been easy to deal with that kid.” When the news came out, Caden couldn’t help but furrow his brows slightly.
“We still don’t know the details. There was no news from the dojo. We only heard that Dustin returned unharmed,” the guard whispered.
“That’s odd. Where is Gabriel? Call him and ask,” Caden said thoughtfully.
“Sir Gabriel disappeared. The phone won’t get through, and the dojo has been sealed off by the military,” the
guard replied.
“Sealed off by the military? What happened?”
“We’re not sure yet.”
“Send someone to investigate and find out what happened,” Caden ordered.
“Yes, sir!” The guard agreed and quickly left.
However, at that moment, a strong windy blade sound could suddenly be heard from outside. A military helicopter descended from the sky and landed steadily on the square.
As the cabin door opened, an old man with white hair and a burly figure, followed by several subordinates, walked out confidently.
1/3
Chapter 189
The old man had a square face, a goatee, and a dignified look, emitting a strong and powerful aura. That was
the aura of a seasoned warrior, formed after many years on the battlefield!
Ordinary people would shiver at the sight of him and wouldn’t dare to get close.
The old man was none other than Christopher Murray, the founding father of Dragonmarsh!
“Father? What brings you here?” When Christopher walked into the council chamber, Caden, who was drinking
tea, was startled. The tea spilled all over the floor, and the teacup shattered on the ground.
But he didn’t have time to care about that and got up to greet him respectfully, like a mouse meeting a cat.
Although Christopher had not been involved in the family’s affairs for ten years, his accumulated influence
over the years still made people tremble with fear.
Even Caden, as the heir, didn’t dare to behave out of line.
“Kneel down,” Christopher uttered two words softly.
“What?” Caden was stunned for a moment, then obediently knelt down on the ground.
In the Murray family, Christopher was like a god, and no one dared to defy him.
“Do you know the reason why I made you kneel?” Christopher sat down on the chair, his presence was
imposing.
“I don’t know.” Caden lowered his head.
“Hmph! You’ve damaged the reputation of our family. You did things you shouldn’t have done and offended
people you shouldn’t have offended. The Murray family’s reputation was almost ruined by you!” Christopher
spoke with a cold expression.
“Huh? Father, I don’t quite understand.” Caden was stunned.
“You don’t even know you’ve made a big mistake. The Murray will be destroyed by you sooner or later if
you don’t step down from the position of head of the family. If you’re not capable of handling it, then step
down now!” Christopher was livid.
“Step down?” Caden was stunned.
He thought his father was just going to scold him a few times, but he didn’t expect him to directly strip him of
his power!
Over the years, he had worked hard for the Murray family, focusing on his work and getting things done.
Although he didn’t have much merit, he at least kept the entire family in order. Now, he was suddenly asked to
step down without knowing the reason behind it. He was very dissatisfied.
“Father, I don’t understand. What did I do wrong?” Caden was unwilling.
“You are ignorant and shortsighted. You don’t recognize a true dragon when you see one. Retire and reflect on it before you cause any bigger trouble. After you’ve figured it out, then we’ll talk.” Christopher left no room for
argument.
Chapter 189
1-
Caden opened his mouth to explain but was interrupted by Christopher. “Save some dignity for yourself, and don’t disappoint me further!”
Upon hearing this, Caden fell silent, feeling confused as he knelt on the ground.
“Leave and call Sheila.” Christopher waved his hand.
“Yes…” Caden didn’t dare to disobey, so he bowed deeply before turning and leaving. His face was filled with gloominess.
“Grandpa! You really came?” After a while. Sheila ran into the living room with a surprised look on her face.
She threw herself into Christopher’s arms and tearfully pleaded, “Grandpa! You came just in time. Please, save Dustin! He’s about to die!”
“Okay, alright. Silly girl Dustin is fine now.” Christopher showed a rare smile.
Back then, Caden was able to take the position of head of the family because he gave Christopher this precious granddaughter.
“Really? Dustin is really okay?” Sheila wiped away her tears quickly.
“Of course. When has Grandpa ever lied to you?” Christopher patted her head.
“Thank you, Grandpa!” Excited, Sheila planted a kiss on her grandfather’s face.
This made the old man burst into laughter, and he couldn’t stop grinning.
“Little girl are you so nervous about Dustin because you have a crush on him?” Christopher suddenly asked.
“Huh?”
Sheila was stunned at first, then her face turned red in an instant. “Grandpa! What are you talking about? I
don’t have a crush on him!”
“Hehe…if you like someone, then you like them. What’s there to be afraid of admitting? Young people should be bold.” Christopher laughed.
“Grandpa, Dustin saved me before. I’m just grateful to him,” Sheila lowered her head, stuttered, and her neck turned red.
“Just grateful? Then why were you crying for him? Little girl, if you really like him, take the initiative to pursue him, and don’t miss any opportunity. That kid is not an ordinary person. If you can win him over, it will be great news for me too.” Christopher rubbed his beard and laughed.
After all, Dustin was the kirin!
“If he can become my grandson–in–law, those old guys will be jealous and crazy, won’t they? Hahaha— He thought.
###Chapter 190 by Marina Vittori
When Dustin returned to Peaceful Medical Center, everything that had been smashed and damaged had been cleaned up.
The whole clinic was like new again.
Dahlia was sleeping on the table, leaning on it with a slightly haggard look on her beautiful face and eyebrows slightly furrowed.
Looking at her. Dustin felt a complicated mix of emotions and couldn’t help but feel grateful. After all, she had saved Gregory’s life.
He took off his coat and draped it over Dahlia.
“Mmm?”
Dahlia trembled all over and instantly woke up. “You’re back? Are you hurt?”
“I’m fine, thank you for today,” Dustin said politely.
“Don’t mention it; it’s only right for me to take care of Mr. Jones when he’s injured,” Dahlia said, pursing her
lips.
“Have you eaten? Are you hungry?”
“A little.”
“You want your usual, spaghetti bolognese?”
“Mmm, thank you.”
“Wait a moment.” Without much ado, Dustin walked into the kitchen and began to skillfully cook the dish.
In the three years of their marriage, whenever Dahlia came back late and hungry, he would prepare a midnight
snack for her. Especially spaghetti bolognese; she never got tired of it.
But at some point, the distance between them grew farther and farther, and their relationship became more
and more estranged. Eventually, they ended up divorcing.
“Here’s your spaghetti.” About 15 minutes later, Dustin brought up a steaming plate of spaghetti bolognese.
“Mmm, it smells so good.” Dahlia sniffed, immediately digging in.
In no time, she had finished the bowl of pasta, even drinking up all the sauce.
“The taste is amazing. It seems like your cooking skills have improved.” Dahlia gave a rare smile.
“Maybe it’s just that you haven’t eaten it in a long time,” Dustin said suddenly.
“Is that so? Maybe.” Dahlia’s gaze became a little dim.
Unknowingly, three years had passed.
Over time, many things that had once been routine had become second nature to Dahlia. She had grown
1/3
Chapter 150
accustomed to having someone bring her warm clothes when the weather turned cold, to having someone
cook for her whenever she felt hungry, and to having someone by her side when she was ill.
But when those routines changed, she found herself at a loss.
“Dustin, will we…be able to return to what we were before?” After a moment of silence, Dahlia suddenly asked.
Dustin, who was about to wash the dishes, froze for a moment and was speechless for a while.
Could they go back to the past?
Maybe a while back, they could have. At one point, he even wished that she would say so.
But now…
“Ring ring ring!” At that moment, a phone started ringing.
Dustin put down his fork and answered, greeted by a gentle and crisp voice.
“Hey honey, where are you? Do you want to come out for a late–night snack together? This is a great
opportunity for you to get me drunk.”
“Uh…I can’t go tonight. Gregory’s not feeling well, I have to stay home and take care of him,” Dustin replied
awkwardly.
“Gregory is sick? Then I’ll come over right away!” Natasha said anxiously.
“No need, it’s just a minor illness, nothing serious,” Dustin quickly responded.
“Gregory is getting old. We shouldn’t be careless about it. How about this, I’ll send someone over tomorrow to
help take care of him.”
“That’s too much trouble. I can take care of him myself.”
“You’re a big man, clumsy, and prone to making mistakes; you’ll inevitably overlook something. I’ll send an experienced caretaker over to take care of Gregory’s daily needs, and that’s settled!” Natasha declared, leaving
no room for argument.
“Alright then.” After thinking about it, Dustin finally agreed.
Having someone around to accompany Gregory would make it safer to avoid any further accidents.
“Oh, by the way, there’s one more thing. Immortunol has already made a name for itself, but if we want to sell it everywhere, we’ll need to find a few agents. Tomorrow, I’ll be holding an open recruitment at Mirage. You, as
the major shareholder, can’t be absent,” Natasha said.
“Okay, I’ll definitely be there tomorrow.” After hanging up the phone, Dustin met a pair of resentful eyes.
“That was Natasha who just called, right? Talking on the phone so late at night, it seems like your relationship with her is not ordinary.” Dahlia said in a sour tone.
“We’re just-”
“Enough! You don’t need to explain anything to me. I’m not interested in listening. Take care of Gregory well, I’ll go back to rest,” Dahlia said, getting up and leaving before Dustin could even respond.
2/3
Chapter 19
Dustin shook his head; he was rendered speechless by Dahlia’s behavior.
What was that all about?
The following morning, the council hall at Mirage was packed with people who had gathered for the distributorship of Immortunol. Ever since the press conference held by the Harmon family, news of the popular medicine had spread across Swinton, and many wealthy people were looking to get a piece of the action.
As Matt and Julie walked in, Matt turned to Julie and asked, “Can that Harvey guy really help me get a distributorship?”
“Of course! Harvey is a key member of Harmon Pharmaceuticals, and he has influential people supporting him. If he’s willing to help, it’s a guarantee!” Julie replied confidently.
“Fantastic! I’ll make sure to show my appreciation generously after the deal is done,” Matt replied, feeling energized.
The Laney family was struggling, and they desperately needed a way to revive their fortunes. Immortunol was that chance. Therefore, this was an opportunity that could not be missed!
“Matt, you’re too kind. A small favor like this is nothing.” Julie smiled.
As Julie was speaking, she suddenly frowned. “What is that piece of trash, Dustin, doing here?”
Matt followed her gaze and saw Dustin’s face, feeling a sense of irritation as he remembered their encounter a few days ago.
Since they had bumped into Dustin today, they needed to humiliate him somehow.
“Let’s have some fun with him.” Matt said coldly to Julie, then walked towards Dustin.
“Well, well, well, if it isn’t Rhys! Are you also trying to be a distributor for Harmon?”
“Rhys? He’s nothing but a piece of trash! Why would the Harmon family work with someone like him without any qualifications?” Julie added sarcastically.
“I don’t have the qualifications? Do you have the qualifications to work with the Harmon family then?” Dustin sneered.
“Why wouldn’t we? The manager here, Harvey, is like a brother to me. As long as I say the word, it will be easy to get the distributorship!” Julie replied arrogantly.
Dustin shook his head and replied, “Really? I don’t think that would be the case. I believe the Harmon family won’t give you the distributorship.”
“What? You say they won’t give it to us, and they won’t? Who do you think you are?!” Julie sneered.
Dustin smiled faintly and said, “Me? I’m the chief physician of the Rhys family, and I’m also the major shareholder of Immortunol,”
###Chapter 191 by Marina Vittori
“What did you just say? A major shareholder?” Julie paused for a moment before she laughed. “Hahaha! Have you lost your marbles, Rhys? You? A major shareholder? What a joke!”
“Oh, Rhys, you can go around boasting to others for all I care, but what’s the point of bragging to us? You’re just humiliating yourself!” Matt guffawed. He had done a thorough investigation on Dustin, and from what he found out. Dustin was, simply put, a good–for–nothing. He might have had some underhanded tactics up his sleeves, but he definitely had no real capabilities.
“Whether or not you believe me, that’s your choice to make. But I guarantee that you won’t be getting the company’s rights,” Dustin said calmly.
“Hah! You guarantee? How highly you think of yourself! Mr. Marcs is in charge here. Just one word from him.
and the decision is final!” Julie made a disdainful face.
“I do not know any Mr. Marcs, but I’m sure he does not have the authority to do so.” Dustin remained unfazed.
“Hah! And do you? Take a look in the mirror, sucker! Who are you to say who has the authority and who
doesn’t?” Julie ridiculed.
“Oh, get out of here, Dustin. Quit embarrassing yourself!” Matt jeered, looking at Dustin as one would a clown.
He didn’t even quite understand how he had lost to such a loser twice in a row.
*Julie.” As they were speaking, an obese man approached them. The man was the manager of Harmon
Pharmaceuticals.
“Harvey, you’re finally here!” Julie’s eyes lit up, and she quickly went up to him and hooked her arm around his. fawning all over him.
“Julie, it’s been a while since I last saw you. I swear you’re much lovelier by the day.” Mr. Marcs gave Julie a light smack on her behind and a lecherous smile on his face.
“Stop it.” Julie whined coquettishly as she twisted away. “Harvey, I’ve got some serious business to discuss with you today. Here, allow me to introduce you to Matt Laney. Mr. Laney here comes from a distinguished
family in Millsburg.”
“Oh? Mr. Laney? Pleased to meet you!” Mr. Marcs‘ eyes lit up, and he immediately reached out to shake Matt’s
hand.
The Laneys were a prestigious family with assets amounting to tens of billions. He definitely considered it an honor to be acquainted with someone from the family.
“And this is?” Mr. Marc’s gaze turned to Dustin.
“He’s just a useless burn. Take no heed of him.” Julie spared Dustin no slack.
“Oh…” Mr. Marcs threw him a contemptuous side–eye.
“To tell you the truth, Mr. Marcs, I’m actually here for Immortunol. I’m really interested in getting the Harmons” company’s rights.” Matt cut right to the chase.
Chapter 191
“Mr. Laney. I’m afraid I don’t call the shots regarding the company’s rights.”
Mr. Marcs shook his head, pretending that he was stumped. “Ms. Harmon has given full authority on this
matter to Mr. Rhys. He’s the one who calls the shots on who the company’s rights go to.”
“Mr. Rhys? Who’s that? Is he a very powerful person?” Julle was curious.
“Truth be told, not only is Mr. Rhys the chief physician of Harmon Pharmaceuticals, but he’s also someone who’s really close to Ms. Harmon. I heard that he’s the one who came up with the prescription formula for
Immortunol!” Mr. Marcs explained.
“He must be a really brilliant person to be able to produce Immortunol! I wonder if I’ll ever have the privilege of
meeting him!” An expectant expression came over Julie’s face. She always had the habit of forming
connections with people by bringing them into her bed.
“Mr. Marcs, where is Mr. Rhys? Could you please introduce him to me?” Matt tried his luck.
“Well–” Mr. Marcs hesitated.
“Ah, right, I have a gift for you. Please have this.” Matt quickly pulled out a million–dollar check and handed it
to Mr. Marcs.
“Hahaha! How generous of you, Mr. Laney!” Mr. Marcs beamed brightly at the sight of the check.
“And about the company’s rights?” Matt prompted.
“Of course, there won’t be a problem!”
###Chapter 192 by Marina Vittori
“To tell you the truth, Mr. Rhys is a tight buddy of mine. We’d give our lives up for each other. In fact, I had a night out drinking with him just yesterday! As long as I put a word in for you, he’ll definitely do me this favor!”
Mr. Marcs assured. Dustin chuckled lightly at that. What an artful liar! “Hey! What are you sniggering at?” Mr. Marcs glared at Dustin. “Ignore him, Harvey. He’s just a loser.” Julie rolled her eyes.
“Mr. Marcs, if you can get me the company’s rights, I’ll be sure to repay you handsomely!” Matt promised.
“Haha! No problem! I’ll get it done!” Mr. Marcs was beyond elated.
“Thank you, Mr. Marcs!” Matt grinned too. Judging from the high demand for Immortunol, he would soon be filthy rich once he got the company’s rights. And then, he would have no difficulty restoring his family to its former glory!
“Mr. Matt, I happen to have another business opportunity apart from the company’s rights. Would you be interested?” Mr. Marcs asked sneakily.
“Oh? And what business opportunity is that?” Matt raised a brow.
Mr. Marcs looked around him and said softly. “Our company’s demands a very high quality on Immortunol, so products that do not reach the benchmark will be destroyed. Several of us managers agree that that’s a waste, so we kept those substandard products and plan on selling them off. If you want them, I can sell them to you
at a really good price.”
“Substandard products? What good will they do?” Julie wondered aloud.
“See, Julie, they may be substandard and less effective, but they can easily be passed off as quality products. Nobody can tell them apart from genuine Immortunols when they are put together!” Mr. Marcs smiled
profoundly.
“Really?” Julie’s eyes lit up.
“When have I ever lied to you? Here, how’s this? If you take them, I’ll sell them at a fifth of the original price. You can sell them off and earn a great deal!” Mr. Marcs proposed..
“That sounds amazing! Thank you, Harvey!” Julie was overjoyed.
“What do you think of this deal, Mr. Matt?” Mr. Marcs‘ gaze bore into him.
“It’s a great deal, no doubt! I’ll take however much of the stock you have, Mr. Marcs!” Matt beamed. It was a steal to be able to purchase Immortunol at a fifth of the original price. Matt was not one to let such a good offer pass him by. As for the quality of the products, he couldn’t care less about that. All he cared about was that he’d make money from them. If anything were to
###Chapter 193 by Marina Vittori
“You! How dare you hit me?” Mr. Marcs held his face, which still burned from the smack. A mix of anger and shock was evident on his face.
With the Harmons behind him, people fought to curry favor with him everywhere he went. When has anyone ever had the gall to hit him?
“So what if I smacked you? As an employee, you’re supposed to uphold the standards of the company.
but look what you’re doing! You steal from the company and mix substandard products with quality products. I think you deserve every bit of that smack!” As Dustin spoke, he went up and delivered a few more smacks. Mr. Marcs saw stars and bled from both his nose and mouth.
The commotion attracted a lot of onlookers.
“Goodness! Who’s this? How dare he hit Mr. Marcs?”
“Wreaking havoc on Harmons‘ premise! I gotta say, he’s something else!”
“I think he’s just ignorant. He’s going to end up in a lot of trouble!”
The crowd gathered around to watch and exchanged comments among themselves.
“Rhys! Are you out of your mind? Stop it this instant!” Shocked, Julie halted him immediately.
“Dustin! Have you any idea how much trouble you’ve gotten yourself into? How dare you hit Mr. Marcs? You’re
not getting out of this door in one piece today!” Matt roared.
But Dustin was not the least bit fazed. He went ahead and gave Mr. Marcs another round of beatings.
He could let things slide if all he did was run his mouth and be unrepentant about them. But he was even about to get violent! How reckless! That did not sit well with Dustin at all.
“Security! Someone! Anyone!” Mr. Marcs shouted in agony.
Soon, a large number of guards swarmed over. They had Dustin surrounded in less than a minute.
“Rhys! How dare you beat Mr. Marcs up! You’ll be sorry!” Julie scowled when she saw that they had backup. She looked at Dustin, waiting to see what misfortune would befall him.
“Hmph! You ignorant fool! Nobody can save you now!” Matt also basked in the pleasure of seeing Dustin get
Into trouble with Mr. Marcs.
Dustin had rubbed him the wrong way for quite a while now. He simply hadn’t taken action yet because he had
an image to uphold. Matt couldn’t be happier now that someone was about to teach Dustin a lesson.
“What are you guys doing just standing there? I want to see his arms and legs broken. Right now! I’ll bear the
consequences!” Mr. Marcs hollered at the guards as he pointed his finger at Dustin.
“What’s going on?” A loud voice rang just as the guards were about to get rough.
A man with a squarish face rushed over with an imposing presence. He had several men following behind him. Dustin spared him a glance and recognized him as Morgan Finn, the vice president of Harmon
1/2
Chapter 193
Pharmaceuticals.
The moment they caught sight of him, the crowd made way for him to pass through. Even Mr. Marcs, who had been barking orders at the guards, quieted down.
“Is this their superior? We can’t be so unlucky, can we?” Julie wondered. She gulped dryly, an inexplicable anxiousness coming over her. She could tell that this man approaching them was someone of status based on how much Mr. Marcs feared him.
“This bastard really lucked out!” Matt thought as he gritted his teeth out of annoyance. He had thought that Mr. Marcs would be able to avenge his grudge against Dustin, but this man’s unexpected appearance seemed to have ruined that.
“Mr. Finn, you’ve come at the right time. This man here is stealing from the company when he should be protecting it. He’s stolen and sold substandard products. This will badly tarnish the company’s reputation. You need to arrest him,” Dustin said as he pointed at Mr. Marcs.
Morgan squinted and hummed lightly. “Oh? Are you telling me what I should be doing? And who are you to be doing that? Do I even know you?”
“Mr. Finn, we’ve met before,” Dustin replied.
“So what? I’ve met lots of people. Am I supposed to know all of them?”
Morgan gave Dustin a derogatory once over. “Also, who do you think you are? Who are you to butt into the
internal affairs of the company?”
Dustin frowned when he heard what Morgan had to say. “Mr. Finn, as vice president of the company, are you not going to look into actions that will ruin the company’s reputation?”
“Whether or not I look into the matter is my call to make. What evidence have you got to claim that Mr. Marcs
is selling substandard products?”
“You want evidence? Here’s your evidence!” Dustin kicked the box over, spilling Immortunol all over the ground.
“Hey, young man, so what if these Immortunols are substandard? How are you going to prove that they belong to Mr. Marcs? Who’s to say you didn’t steal them?” Morgan retaliated.
Mr. Marcs was taken aback for a moment, but he quickly reacted. “That’s right! Mr. Finn, this fella here is a thief! I caught him stealing from us! I did not expect this brazen rascal to fight back so violently! He’s truly heinous and despicable!”
“I can vouch for that! He’s the one who stole the Immortunols!” Julie added.
###Chapter 194 by Marina Vittori
“Do you hear that? Everyone’s saying that you’re the thief.” Morgan smirked maliciously. Which insolent bastard is this who dared meddle in his affairs?
“Mr. Finn, it seems like you’re going to cover up for him, then?” Dustin’s eyes narrowed, a menacing look in his eyes.
It suddenly made sense to Dustin why Mr. Marcs dared to act so rampantly. It was because he had an equally unrighteous superior! Dustin had thought that he had seen the worst from Mr. Marcs, but it turns out that Morgan was worse! Not only did he distort the truth, he even framed others for things that they did not do. It was plain for all to see that his subordinate was in the wrong, but he blatantly put the blame on Custin. That was too much!
“So what if I cover up for him? Who do you think calls the shots here?” Mr. Finn pressed his lips together into a thin line. “I’m giving you a chance now. Get down on your knees and apologize to Mr. Marcs right now, and admit that you were wrong. If you don’t, I’ll make sure you spend the rest of your days behind bars!‘
“Are you sure that’s what you want to do?” Dustin challenged.
“Do I look like I’m joking? You should check if your opponent has someone behind him before you go throwing your weight around like that! Who do you think you are to do as you wish on my turf? Now get on your knees and apologize!‘ Morgan roared.
“Do you hear that? Get on your knees!” Mr. Marcs jeered, looking at Dustin like he had victory over him.
“Rhys! Why did you even intervene in the first place? This is what you get for meddling in other people’s business!” Julie gloated.
“You really think too highly of yourself! Matt shot him a contemptuous and dismissive look.
In the face of absolute power, it was irrelevant whether you were right or wrong. So what if you were right?
When the person in power dictated that you’re wrong, you have no way of defending yourself, Such was the
law of society.
“Alright, if you’ve made your choice, then don’t regret it.” Dustin didn’t waste much time talking to them. He
whipped cut his phone and made a call.
“Oh? You’re calling for backup? Hahaha!” Morgan snickered. “Hey, brat! I don’t think you get the idea here! This
is my turf, and I call the shots here! Who do you think can save you now?”
“Mr. Finn, let’s not get too cocky. I think the Harmons are in charge here at Harmon Pharmaceuticals, not you.
Mr. Finn,” Dustin corrected him.
“So what? I’m a founding member of Harmon Pharmaceuticals! Even Natasha Harmon has to address me respectfully, what more of a scoundrel like you?” Morgan announced arrogantly.
As he finished his sentence, a crisp and clear feminine voice rang out. “Is that so? So I should be addressing you respectfully now?”
The crowd turned to the source of the voice to see an elegant woman dressed in red entering and approaching them. It was Natasha Harmon!
1/2
“Ms. Harmon?” Morgan felt a premonition of oncoming trouble. He immediately forced a smile and went up to her. “Why have you come?”
“I’m here to join in the fun! Am I not welcome here, respected Mr. Finn?” Natasha put extra emphasis on how she addressed Mr. Finn.
“Ms. Harmon, that was just a joke. Don’t take it to heart,” Morgan explained awkwardly. How was he to that she would appear at such terrible timing?
know
“A joke? It didn’t sound like one to me. You sounded so sure of yourself back there,” Natasha said, unperturbed.
“Well— Morgan could not find the words to excuse himself for what he said.
“Forget it; I’ll let that go. Now tell me, what’s going on here?” Natasha asked calmly.
“Ms. Harmon, here’s what happened.” Mr. Marcs was just about to explain when he was cut off by a glare from Natasha. “Are you in a position to speak now?”
“Know your place!” Morgan turned to Mr. Marcs and scolded him. Then he turned back to Natasha and smiled apologetically. “Ms. Harmon, it’s nothing much. It’s just that there’s someone here with unethical intentions who stole some Immortunols. I’m already handling it, and this will be settled in no time.”
“Oh? Who’s so audacious to steal Immortunols?” Natasha asked.
“It’s that rascal!” Morgan pointed at Dustin.
“Mr. Finn, are you sure it’s him?” Natasha looked like she was holding back a smile.
“Of course I’m sure!”
“And do you know who he is?” Natasha asked, amused.
“No matter who he is, he’s committed a grave offense by stealing the Immortunols! We need to ensure that justice is served!” Morgan declared in feigned righteousness.
“Alright then. I’ll have you know!” Natasha’s expression darkened over. “This man whom you’ve accused of theft is the chief physician of Harmon Pharmaceuticals and the developer of Immortunol, Dustin Rhys!” An uproar broke out when the crowd heard that.
###Chapter 195 by Marina Vittori
“What? Mr. Rhys?” Morgan had shock written all over his face.
He had indeed received news that the developer of Immortunol, Mr. Rhys, would be present today, but he hadn’t expected him to be so young!
“N–no way! H–he’s He’s Mr. Rhys?!” Mr. Marcs’s eyes widened in disbelief. Never in his wildest dreams had he imagined that the person he had been bragging about being a tight buddy with was right there in front of him. This was bad. This was really bad. They were in deep trouble now.
“Mr. Rhys? Dustin Rhys?” Julie looked around in bewilderment. “They must be mistaken! The brilliant Mr. Rhys
who developed Immortunol was Dustin? How is that possible?” She mused.
“What ability does this rascal possess to be able to come up with the prescription formula for Immortunol?”
Matt felt astonished, which was soon taken over by jealousy. Immortunol was a precious drug that was able
to bring in endless fortune! But how did such a treasure end up in the hands of such a worthless person? It
was truly a waste!
“Mr. Finn, I’ll ask you one more time,” Natasha said. “Do you think that Mr. Rhys is the person who stole these
Immortunols?”
“This Well—This might be a misunderstanding.” The corners of Morgan’s eyes twitched and he forced a
smile.
“A misunderstanding? So what you’re saying is that Mr. Rhys isn’t the thief?” Natasha scoffed.
“Of course! Why would Mr. Rhys steal his own products?” Morgan nodded repeatedly.
“Alright, then tell me, who was the one who stole this box of substandard Immortunol?” Natasha asked
authoritatively.
“I understand now!” Morgan pretended to finally understand what was going on. “It must have been Mr. Marcs who stole the company’s products when he was supposed to be guarding them! He misused his authority and accused Mr. Rhys before we even looked into the issue! We cannot tolerate such a vile person in the company!
I’ll fire him right away!”
“Mr. Finn, I-”
“Shut up!” Just as Mr. Marcs was about to speak, Morgan gave him a hard slap and reprimanded him loudly. You piece of trash! Admit your mistakes or I’ll not go easy on you!”
“Yes, yes. I was wrong. Please forgive me, Mr. Finn. I’ll never repeat my mistakes again.” Mr. Marcs covered his face with his hands, shaking as he admitted his wrongdoing.
“Why are you apologizing to me? It’s Ms. Harmon you should be apologizing to!” Morgan roared.
“Ms. Harmon, I’m so sorry! Please let me off this time. I know that I was wrong!” Mr. Marcs fell to his knees,
asking for forgiveness.
Natasha ignored him completely, her gaze fixed on Morgan. “What a smart move, Mr. Finn. You’re pushing someone else under the bus to save your own sorry ass. But do you really think that you’ll get away scot–free?”
1/2
Chapter 195
“Ms. Harmon, what do you mean? I’m afraid I do not follow.” Morgan’s brows were tightly knit.
“Don’t assume that I do not know what you’ve done. I just never bothered to take action. But you’ve messed with the wrong person now! I’m giving you one last chance. Give Mr. Rhys a sincere apology for your behavior
today, or be prepared to bear the consequences!” Natasha ordered with an icy expression.
“Ms. Harmon, you must be kidding me!” Morgan’s expression darkened. “I’m a founding member and the vice president of the company! How could you make me apologize to a mere boy toy like him? How will I put my subordinates in line if I do that?”
“You’re not apologizing, are you? Guards, beat him up!” Natasha wasted no time with him. With a snap of her fingers, two bodyguards came up to them and gave Morgan several hard smacks on his face. He was totally befuddled.
###Chapter 196 by Marina Vittori
“H–how could you order them to smack me?” Morgan cradled his face in his palms as disbelief consumed him.
“Not only did I get them to hit you, I’m throwing you out too! As of this moment, you are no longer vice president of the company! Natasha said bluntly.
“Natasha Harmon! This is too much! I’ve slaved my ass off in the company all these years, and you’re laying me off all because of this scoundrel? How
won’t sit well with the rest of the employees? You dismiss my effort and labor! Are you not afraid that this
“What? Is that a threat? Do you think that you are in a position to threaten me?”
Natasha laughed mockingly. “Let me be honest here. I’m not only going to fire you, but I’m also sending you to prison today! I have records of all your dirty deeds, which I’m sure are enough to keep you in there for a lifetime!”
“Natasha Harmon! How dare you! I have the support of your cousin, Quentin Harmon!” Morgan shouted loudly. though he was trembling within.
“Quentin Harmon? Hah! Why don’t you get him to come here now? See if I’ll cut him any slack?” Natasha threatened him domineeringly.
Quentin, who had just set foot through the door, heard that and immediately retraced his steps. Damn it! He
dared not mess with her when she was already angry!
“Natasha Harmon, you can’t do this! I-
“Shut up!” Natasha lifted a hand and delivered a slap to his face so strong that his nose started to bleed. “I’ve
given you your chance, but you didn’t take it. Guards! Tie them up and send them to the police station!”
Following her order, several security guards came and tied Morgan and Mr. Marcs up.
“Ms. Harmon, I was wrong! Please, give me another chance! I’ll never do this again!” Morgan finally lost his composure when he saw where things were going. He fell to his knees and started begging.
“Yes, Ms. Harmon, we were just momentarily taken over by greed. Considering how we’ve labored for the
company all these years, could you please forgive us this once?” Mr. Marcs was so terrified that he was in
tears.
Even Mr. Finn, the person on whom he relied to support him, was going under. How could he, a mere manager. put up a fight against Natasha?
“Mr. Rhys, I’m terribly sorry! I was rude and ignorant, please, have mercy on us and let us go!” Morgan saw how Natasha was ignoring them, so he quickly changed his target and turned to beg Dustin.
“What?” Julie and Matt watched the proceedings with their mouths agape. The vice president of Harmon Pharmaceuticals was on his knees, begging for forgiveness from a worthless piece of trash? How humiliating!
“It’s too late to repent now! Take them away!” Natasha signaled to her guards. They were both quickly dragged away. Their cries and shouts for forgiveness fell on deaf ears.
1/2
Chapter 196
Natasha’s swift and decisive course of action caused the crowd to look at her in awe. She was impressive and domineering, truly deserving of her title of the Steel Lady.
“Dustin, I’ll leave the rest to you. I’m taking this opportunity to rid the company of anyone else bearing ill intentions. I don’t want an insignificant employee of the company to ruin our reputation.” Natasha gave Dustin a heads–up and proceeded to leave with her men in tow. It was a critical moment for the company, so she would not allow anyone to jeopardize them from the inside.
After Natasha left, all eyes were on Dustin. In the end, Mr. Rhys was the one with the power to decide who the company’s rights would go to.
“Rhys! Why didn’t you help plead for Mr. Marcs?” Julie confronted him, looking dissatisfied.
“He stole what he was supposed to guard and sold substandard products in secret. He deserved everything. that he got today. Why should I help him?” Dustin asked calmly.
“He’s a close friend of mine! You could easily have helped him! Why didn’t you? Do you even have an ounce of empathy for others in you?” Julie glared at him.
“He’s your friend, so what’s that got to do with me? In fact, what do you even have to do with me?” Dustin said.
“You’re my ex–cousin–in–law! Even if not for my sake, you should have helped him for Dahlia’s sake! Why are you so cruel?” Julie said brazenly.
“Haha! So you do know that I’m your ex–cousin–in–law? If my memory serves me right, not only did you not help me when I was accused of theft earlier on, you even stepped out to vouch for those who slandered me.
Why didn’t you think about how I was your ex–cousin–in–law then?” Custin snorted.
Julie’s face flushed instantly. She found no words fit to clear herself of her actions.
###Chapter 197 by Marina Vittori
“Alright, alright. Let’s put all those behind us and talk business, shall we?” Matt stepped in to smooth things over. “Dustin, let’s be professional here. I’m really interested in the company’s rights. Here’s a million–dollar check. I’d like to buy an allocation for the rights.”
“A million dollars? Do you take me for a beggar? Dustin found it ridiculous.
“Hey! Are you saying that a million dollars is too little? Aren’t you getting greedy?” Julie protested indignantly.” Just because the Harmons‘ gave you a prescription formula, you think that you can flaunt your authority? You only have authority because you are affiliated with the Harmons!”
“Dustin, let’s cut to the chase. Name your price: how much will it take for you to give me the company rights?” Matt tried his best to stay calm.
“No amount of money will be able to get you that. A person of your character is simply not qualified to obtain the company rights for Immortunol Dustin flat–out rejected him.
“What? You’re rejecting money?” Matt narrowed his eyes.
“Well, it depends on the source of the money. Yours come from unsolicited sources, and I don’t like that.” Dustin turned his nose up at Matt’s offer.
“Dustin! You’re going overboard!” Matt’s expression clouded over. “I’m giving way to you and letting go of past grudges, but you better not overstep your boundary and stand in the way of my money!”
“That’s right! It’s your honor that Matt is interested in having the company rights for Immortunol! Don’t be ungrateful and shameless!” Julie boasted arrogantly.
“Are you threatening me?” Dustin lifted a brow.
“That depends on how you see it. It could be a piece of advice as much as it could be a threat!” Matt said in a low voice.
“I don’t care if it’s advice or a threat. I stand by my words. No way in hell are you getting the company rights!” Dustin said it plain and clear.
“Rhys! Are you really hellbent on crossing me?” Matt gritted his teeth; his gaze was as cold and poisonous as
a serpent’s.
“So what if I cross you? Do you think I’d be afraid of you?” Dustin scoffed.
“Alright then, just you wait!” Matt glowered at him before making his way out.
“Rhys! What good will it do to burn bridges? You’re just lucky that you got the prescription formula. Don’t get all cocky thinking you’re all that. You’re only making things difficult for yoursell by going against Matt! You despicable person! All you do is rely on others! Just you wail, Rhys! You’re going to get it!” Julie was just about to leave after she ran her mouth berating Dustin, when several police officers came in.
“Are you Julie Amberson?” The leader asked.
“So what if I am?” Julie shot them a dirty look.
1/2
Chapter 197
“We just received a report that you are in league with Morgan Finn and Harvey Marcs for selling drugs in
private. We have concrete evidence. You’ll need to come with us.”
“Hey! What nonsense is that? When have I sold drugs in private?” Julie was terrified.
“Still denying, are we? Harvey Marcs has just pointed you out as the mastermind!”
“N–no way! That’s not possible! How could Harvey point me out? You must be mistaken!” Julie shook her head vigorously.
“Come with us, and we’ll find out if we’re mistaken. Bring her away!” The leading officer could not be bothered to waste more time with her. He gave the order to have Julie cuffed and brought away.
“I’m innocent! This is an injustice! Matt! Save me, Matt!” Julie was utterly flustered. She cried out desperately for help, but there was no one there to help her. Matt had hidden away the moment he sensed trouble. He wasn’t about to get himself involved. He did not expect Mr. Marcs to push the blame on Julie.
###Chapter 198 by Marina Vittori
An hour later, James burst into the Nicholson manor hurriedly. “Mom! I’ve got bad news! Julie’s in big trouble!”
“Trouble? What trouble?” Florence was enjoying her tea and responded slowly. “Matt just called to tell me that Julie’s been sent to jail!” That was a shocking piece of news.
“What?” Florence sat bolt upright when she heard that. “How did that happen? Why would Julie suddenly be locked up?”
“Matt said that Julie went to the Harmons to buy something called Immortunol, and she got into some sort of conflict with Dustin. Somehow, Julie ended up detained for stealing drugs, James explained.
“Stealing drugs? No! That’s impossible! Julie might be spoiled, but she would never commit thell!” As Florence
spoke, she suddenly seemed to catch an important piece of information, “Hang on, did you just say that Julie had a conflict with Dustin, which was why she got caught? Could it be possible that the worthless piece of
trash pulled a dirty trick on her?”
“That’s right! That’s what Matt said too!” James nodded. “That rascal has been resentful towards us all along.
This time, he must have framed Julie up to seek revenge for his personal grievances!”
“That monster! Has he no conscience?” Florence was so furious that she slammed her hand on the table. She
spat her words through clenched jaws. “The Nicholson family has been nothing but kind to him, but not only is he not grateful, he repays our kindness with enmity. He’s nothing but a treacherous beast who betrays people
who showed him kindness!”
“What do we do now, Mom?” James asked.
“We have to use our connections to bail Julie out!” Florence was flustered. Julie was her only niece, and she
doted on her 
so.
“Mom, it seems like the only person who can help us now is Matt,” James said solemnly.
Matt rushed in hurriedly right then. From the looks of it, he had already been running around trying to help
Julie.
Florence immediately went up to him and started pleading when she saw him. “Matt, you’ve come at the right time! Julie’s been apprehended and you’re the only one who can save her now!”
Matt sighed heavily. “Mrs. Nicholson, I’ve been asking around; Julie has been pointed out as the mastermind
behind the theft. The Harmons won’t let her off easily. From the way things look right now, Julie might be
sentenced to prison for around eight to ten years.”
“What?” Florence was so startled that she nearly lost her footing. “Julie is just a dainty little girl who’s never
been through any hardships! How could she possibly survive eight to ten years behind bars? Please, Matt!
Think of something! You must save her!”
“Mrs. Nicholson, based on the severity of the issue, I need to get my father to help out with this,” Matt said
with a shake of his head.
“Anything will do! We’ll forever be indebted to you if your father can get Julie out of there!” Florence looked at
1/2
him expectantly.
“I’ll give him a call to see what he says about this.” Matt pulled out his phone and gave his father a call.
After a brief conversation, he ended the call and said with a troubled expression. “Mrs. Nicholson, my father has agreed to save Julie on one condition.”
“And what condition is that?” Florence asked.
“According to my father, Dustin has the prescription formula for Immortunol. If you can get the prescription formula from him, then not only will my father be able to save Julie, but he will also give you thirty thousand dollars as a reward!” Matt’s offer was shocking.
“Thirty thousand dollars? Do you mean it?” Florence’s eyes lit up.
“Of course! My father never backs out on a promise.” Matt nodded.
“That’s no problem at all! It’s just a prescription formula, isn’t it? I’ll go get it right away! That worthless man would never dare to reject me if I asked for it!” Florence was roused. Not only would she be able to get Julie out of prison, but she would also get a large sum of money out of it. What an enticing deal!
“Alright, then I’ll be waiting for your good news. Mrs. Nicholson.” Matt smiled.
“James! Get a few men and come with me!” Florence ordered and stormed out the door.
###Chapter 199 by Marina Vittori
At noon, after settling the issue with the dealer, Dustin returned to Peaceful Medical Center. However, as soon as he walked in, he realized that there was an additional person there–an 18–year–old girl with a sweet face.
Her hair was tied in a ponytail, and she was dressed casually. She was cleaning the medical center, and sweat poured down her face from how hard she was working.
Meanwhile, Gregory was passed out on a recliner, snoring in his sleep. He was covered in a blanket, which was rare.
“Mr. Rhys, you’re back?” When the girl saw Dustin, she immediately stood up straight and greeted him, looking nervous.
“Who are you?” Dustin found the situation rather strange. “I’m Caitlyn Lawler. Ms. Harmon sent me here to take care of Mr. Jones,” the girl replied, nodding her head in greeting.
“A–are you of age?” Dustin was a little taken aback. He thought Natasha was going to send a middle–aged
housekeeper, not a young teenager.
“I am! I’m already 18 years old!” Caitlyn nodded her head fervently.
“Miss, I still think you’re too young. At your age, you should be in school.” Dustin shook his head.
It was just a casual statement, but after Caitlyn heard it, she actually fell straight to her knees.
“Mr. Rhys, I’m begging you to not fire me! I’m very capable. I can do laundry, cook, and clean. No matter how tiring or tedious the task may be. I’m willing to do it. Don’t be fooled by my thin figure: I’m actually very strong. Not to mention, I eat very little, so I definitely won’t be a burden to you!”
“Huh?” Dustin was stunned by the sudden outburst. She was fine earlier, so why was she on her knees right
now?
“Mr. Rhys, I’m begging you! If I do anything poorly, you can scold me and hit me as you wish. I can take anything. So please, don’t fire me!”
As she spoke, she smacked her head on the floor over and over again. After a few harsh knocks, her forehead.
began to bleed as her skin scraped the hard floor.
“Foolish girl, what are you doing?” Dustin was shocked at the scene before him.
He immediately helped her up and comforted her. “I wasn’t trying to fire you, I was just worried that the work
would be too hard on you.”
“It’s not hard at all… Caitlyn shook her head profusely.
With teary eyes, she said, “It would be the blessing of a lifetime to be able to serve you and Mr. Jones. I’m not
afraid of hard work. If you don’t mind, Mr. Rhys, then I am willing to become your laborer!”
1/2
Chapter 199
“Caitlyn, is there something that you’re too embarrassed to share?” Dustin tried asking.
“Nothing of that sort. It’s completely voluntary on my part.” Caitlyn explained hastily.
“I was orphaned when I was young. It was Ms. Harmon who saved me and helped me survive this long. I dare not ask for too much; all I want is to be able to repay Ms. Harmon. I’m very stupid; I don’t know anything but hard labor. I hope you won’t detest me for it, Mr. Rhys.”
Seeing the person in front of him look so terrified and pitiful, Dustin let out a sigh. He couldn’t help but feel pity
for her. She was at the peak of her youth and knew how to tug on people’s heartstrings.
“Caitlyn, since you want to stay, then stay,” Dustin responded in a gentle voice.
“Thank you, Mr. Rhys! Thank you!” Caitlyn got on her knees and began bowing again, knocking her head on the
floor once more.
Dustin instantly pulled her to her feet. Feigning sternness, he warned, “Caitlyn, you may stay, but we must set some rules. From today onward, you’re not allowed to kneel before anyone!”
“Okay, I’ll remember that!” Caitlyn promised cheerfully.
“From today onward, you belong to the Peaceful Medical Center. If anyone dares bully you, you just have to tell
me.” Dustin said, smiling softly.
“Okay!”
“Alright. Go get some rest; you don’t need to work now.”
“Okay” Caitlyn nodded again. Despite agreeing, she still didn’t dare remain idle and continued to wipe the tables and clean up the medical center instead.
Dustin felt helpless, but he didn’t stop her.
###Chapter 200 by Marina Vittori
Dustin knew that Caitlyn deeply lacked a sense of security. If he asked her not to do anything, she would feel even more lost. At that moment, his phone rang.
When he picked up the phone, he heard an unfamiliar voice. “Hello, is this Mr. Rhys? I’m the new chief inspector from the investigation bureau, Aspen Cruiser.”
“Oh, it’s you, Chief Cruiser. Is something the matter?” Dustin was surprised. “Here’s the deal. We just arrested a suspect named Julie Amberson. According to our investigation, she was your sister–in–law, and she’s involved in the theft of Immortunol. I wanted to ask if you wanted to take her case?” Aspen asked tentatively.
“It’s fine. This has nothing to do with her,” Dustin replied.
Although he didn’t like Julie, he wouldn’t stoop so low as to use his power for his personal revenge and send
her to jail.
“Alright, I know what to do now. Enjoy your day, Mr. Rhys.”
Dustin said nothing as he hung up. Then, he took out an ancient text and began to leaf through it.
It was an old habit of his. Whenever he had some free time, he’d pick up a book to read.
Suddenly, there was a furious shout from outside. “Dustin, get the fuck out here now!”
Soon after, Florence stormed inside, accompanied by James and a few other thugs.
“Did you need something from me?” Dustin raised his head to level her with a look.
“You inhumane animal! What did Julie ever do to you? How dare you try to get her in trouble?” Florence
screamed as soon as she stepped through the door. “You’re truly devoid of a conscience, you pathetic,
shameless, ungrateful, degenerate animal!”
“Mom, since when did you know so many adjectives?” James was taken aback.
She didn’t even graduate from middle school, but she sure knew how to give a good scolding.
“Is that the point? Florence turned her head and glared hard at James. Then, she wiped her head and looked back at Dustin. “Rhys, I bet you have nothing smart to say anymore! I knew you were guilty from the start!”
“I don’t know where you heard this unfounded rumor from, but Julie’s arrest has nothing to do with me. She was the one who made friends with the wrong crowd,” Dustin said, unfazed by her accusations.
“Bullshit! Do you think that it’ll blow over if you keep denying it? I’m warning you, if something happens to Julie in there, you’ll never hear the end of it from me!” Florence warned through gritted teeth.
“Did you come here just to tell me this?” Dustin was expressionless.
“Of course not! The reason we graced you with our presence is to ask you for the formula for Immortunol!”
1/2
200
James declared.
“That’s right! For getting Julie into trouble, you must compensate us. I order you to hand us the formula!” Florence demanded arrogantly.
“The formula for Immortunol?” Custin lifted a brow. “Sorry, I can’t give it to you. It now belongs to the Harmon family.”
“I don’t care! You have to give us a copy today!” Florence commanded unreasonably.
“Exactly! If the Harmon family can have it, then so can we. If you hand us the formula, we won’t hold the past. against you!” James yelled.
“I told you, I can’t give you the formula. If you’re here for this, then please leave.” Dustin tried to chase them out of the medical center.
“Bullshit! You have to give it to us today, no matter what! Or else, don’t blame us if we do it the hard way!” James threatened, an evil glint in his eyes.
Seeing the situation turn sour, Caitlyn immediately stood in front of Dustin, shielding him. “Y–you’re being so unreasonable! Mr. Rhys has already said he won’t give it to you. If you keep insisting. I’ll call the authorities!”
Although she was shaking from fright, she didn’t retreat.
“Where did this bitch come from? Get the fuck out of the way!”
Angered, James gave Caitlyn a harsh slap, and the latter fell to the floor.
Her pink cheek began to swell.
“Hmm?” Dustin’s expression darkened.
An indescribable anger began to boil inside of him.
###Chapter 201 by Marina Vittori
“James, I’m giving you three seconds to apologize to Caitlyn!” Dustin slowly got to his feet, his expression dark. “Apologize? Who the fuck do you think you are? As if I’m going to apologize just because you asked me to. Not to mention, isn’t she just a stupid bitch? So what if I hit her? What are you doing to do about it? If you’re going to keep yapping at me, I might even hit you too!” James yelled; his expression was ferocious.
“You dimwitted fool!” Dustin snorted humorlessly, launching a kick at James‘ abdomen. The latter let out a pained cry as he flew a few feet backward. His entire body was curled up into a ball as he rolled backward.
At first, Florence was utterly dumbfounded. Then, her eyes flared with rage, screaming as she pounced at him.” How dare you hit my son?! You ruthless animal, I’m going to teach you a lesson!”
She started to scratch and hit him, throwing out moves like it was a catlight.
“Get off!” Dustin’s body shook, and an invisible force pushed Florence to stagger backward. In the end, she lost her balance, falling onto her bottom with an “ouch‘. Her head banged against the door.
“You horrible piece of shit! How dare you hit me too? This is wrong. This is all wrong! How did our family
raise such an ungrateful bastard like you?!” Florence sobbed, seated on the floor.
After watching his mother fall, James immediately shouted furiously, “What are you all doing just standing
there? Get him!”
The thugs suddenly woke up from their daze. They instantly brandished their steel pipes and charged toward
Dustin, roaring.
However, in the next second, they were all sent flying out of the medical center, screaming.
“Fuck, you’re all useless!” James shouted, disappointed to the point of fury.
He thought that by bringing thugs over, he could get the upper hand in the battle. He never thought that the
thugs he hired would be so useless.
Suddenly, Dustin spoke up, “Caitlyn, he slapped you just now, so you can give him two slaps in return.”
“Don’t you dare!” James‘ expression was demonic.
Caitlyn seemed frozen in fear. She shrank in on herself, not daring to step forward.
All her life, she had only been beaten–she had never hit someone else before.
“If she doesn’t dare, I’ll do it for her then!”
Without another word, Dustin slapped James hard in the face two times. The latter was dazed from the blows,
and his cheeks grew red and puffy.
1/2
Chooter 201
“You savage, you’re even lower than an animal! Did you just smack your former brother–in–law over a stupid
beggar? Are you even human?! Our family has done so much for you, but not only do you not know how to repay us, you choose to bite the hand that fed you!
“You’re truly heartless! No wonder my daughter wanted to divorce you. Because of your ungrateful character, you deserve to die alone! You petty, immoral, and hopeless piece of trash, you’ll never compare to Matt!” Florence screamed, pointing her finger at Dustin’s nose.
She was showing her true colors as a wicked shrew.
“The Nicholson family has done so much for me? I’m being ungrateful?” Dustin couldn’t hold back his laughter
at her ridiculous words.
“Why does that sound so funny coming from your mouth? When you say you did so much for me who do you think helped you get to where you are today? Ever since Dahlia started her company three years ago, it’s only been smooth sailing and successful; who do you think helped her out behind the scenes?
“Trevor’s revenge, the Harmon family’s partners, James being detained at the bar, Dahlia running into danger, and also getting rid of the Hummers‘ boycott who do you think took care of these things? It was me! When you say you’ve done a lot for me, it’s me who’s done a lot for the Nicholson family! But how did you all repay me? By verbally abusing me and framing me. Let me ask you this, who’s the ungrateful one?!” Dustin spoke in a booming voice.
###Chapter 202 by Marina Vittori
Dustin finally let out the grievances that he had bottled up for a long time. “You…
… That’s bullshit!” Florence did not believe it in the slightest. Her tone grew even shriller as she screamed, “As if you had the capability to help us! My daughter’s achievements today are all thanks to her own excellence! It has nothing to do with you! Also, don’t think you’re all that. You had to rely on a woman to climb your way up to where you are today! If Ms. Harmon hadn’t protected you, the Hummers would have slaughtered you long ago! So don’t feel too happy now. Ms. Harmon will kick a useless gigolo like you to the curb sooner or later. And when the time comes, you’ll become the public enemy!”
Hearing these words, Dustin simply shook his head and laughed. Sure enough, there was no point in saying all those things. These people wouldn’t believe it at all.
In the Nicholson family’s eyes, he had always been nothing but an incompetent average Joe. Of course, he didn’t care.
“Alright. I don’t want to waste my breath with you anymore. Please leave the medical center right now. You are not welcome here!” Dustin said, leaving no room for their bullshit.
“Just you fucking wait! This is not over! James bellowed. Then, he helped Florence into the car and left.
He couldn’t beat him in a fight, so he could only think of another way.
“Caitlyn, are you okay?” Dustin asked with concern.
“I’m fine. I’m sorry for causing trouble for you, Mr. Rhys.” Caitlyn looked ashamed.
“You silly girl, if you encounter this again in the future, run far away and hide. Don’t try to act tough,” Dustin
admonished.
“Okay.” Caitlyn nodded her head with a sweet smile on her face.
In the evening, Dahlia returned to the Nicholson Villa after work. As soon as she stepped through the door, she
saw James‘ bruised face as well as Matt’s stern one.
As soon as James saw her, he told her what happened. “Dahlia, you’re finally home. Did you know that Mom
got beaten up?”
“Mom was beaten? What happened!?” Dahlia was shocked.
“It’s a long story. You need to go to Mom’s room and see her as soon as possible!” James urged.
Dahlia frowned and quickly went to Florence’s room.
She found Florence lying on the bed, looking pallid.
Her head was wrapped in thick bandages, and her hands and feet were in casts.
Chapter 202
On the bedside table, there are several bloody towels. It was a scene from a nightmare.
“Mom, what happened to you? How did you get hurt so badly?” Dahlia was aghast.
“Dahlia, you’re finally back. If you had come any later, I may not see you ever again…” She trailed off before erupting in a fake coughing fit.
“Mom, just what happened to you? Who did this to you?!” Dahlia’s expression turned frosty.
“Ugh It was all because of that animal, Dustin! Your brother and I went to the Peaceful Medical Center today to ask him to help us write a formula, but not only did that animal refuse to help, he even spewed many offensive things. I got mad and told him off, but that savage was so ashamed that he flew into a rage and beat me and your brother up. I got lucky. Otherwise, I may not have been able to return!” Florence sighed, recounting the incident with a few embellishments.
“Dustin? He would never do that.” Dahlia’s eyes widened. She found it a little hard to believe.
The Dustin she knew was definitely not a vicious person.
“Dahlia, I know it’s hard for you to believe, but the truth is already in front of you. Look at Mom, and then look at my face. We were beaten to a pulp! That Rhys bastard is simply not human!” James whined indignantly.
“No, that can’t be. Was it some kind of misunderstanding?” Dahlia held onto the last glimmer of hope.
“Dahlia, things have already come to this. Don’t tell me you still want to defend that trash! Fine, since you don’t believe me, I’ll show you proof! This is a recording from my dashcam. You’ll know whether it’s true or not once you watch it,” James said, fishing out his phone from his pocket. He opened a video and pressed play. Dahlia focused on the screen. In an instant, she felt as though she’d been struck by lightning.
###Chapter 203 by Marina Vittori
The video on James‘ phone showed Dustin getting violent. First, he kicked James, then he pushed Florence aside, causing her to fall onto the floor and bang her head against the door.
Finally, it ended with Dustin slapping James twice. The start and end of the video had been edited out, and there was no audio, only images.
After watching it. Dahlia was frozen. She couldn’t believe it before, but the video was right here; she had to believe it.
“Dahlia, you saw what happened, right? This is proof that he beat us! Mom is already getting old; she can’t handle that piece of trash’s beatings! We already went to the hospital to get checked out. The doctor said that her concussion is so severe that she might develop Alzheimer’s disease! Not to mention, she even broke a few bones. She’ll have trouble looking after herself in the future. Dahlia, do you still want to believe such a savage?! “James spat through gritted teeth, looking downtrodden and furious.
“Why? Why would he do that?” Dahlia clenched her fists, and her face was pale.
Their relationship had just begun to improve. She was even considering remarrying him.
But why did Dustin hit her mother?
Could he have lost all feelings?
“Dahlia, not only did that brute hit me, but he also framed Julie and sent her to jail!” Florence said gravely.
“What? Julie is in jail?” Dahlia’s eyes grew wide.
“That’s right! Today, Julie went to the Harmons‘ to buy Immortunol and got into a disagreement with Dustin. Then, that bastard wanted to take revenge, so he got someone to arrest Julie and charge her with theft.” James said venomously.
“I was there the whole time. I can vouch for it,” Matt chimed in from the side.
Naturally, he wouldn’t give up an opportunity to kick a man while he was down.
“Dahlia, did you hear that? That bastard, Dustin, is an ungrateful son–of–a–bitch. We were all fooled by him back then. He has already shown his true colors now, and he does not want to forgive and forget. How can you trust a man like him?!” Florence added, stoking the llames. As she spoke, she began to cough again.
She looked like she was at death’s door, and Dahlia’s heart clenched at the sight.
The last ray of hope in her heart was completely extinguished. Instead, it was replaced by fury!
Without another word, she took out her phone and dialed Dustin’s number.
“Hello? I demand an explanation!”
“An explanation? For what?” Dustin responded calmly.
Chapter 203
“I’m asking you whether you were the one who beat my mother and James up?!” Dahlia asked, suppressing
her anger.
“I did hit James, but he deserved it. As for your mother, she caused her own fall by accident.”
“By accident?” Dahlia’s voice rose sharply.
“You say it like it’s nothing! Not only did your so–called accident cause my mother to break her hands and legs, she even suffered a severe concussion!”
“Is it that serious?” Dustin was suspicious of that claim.
She’s lying in bed, unable to move due to her injuries. Do you think that’s not serious? According to your logic, does my mother have to die on the spot for her injuries to be serious? Are you even human?‘ Dahlia’s blood
was boiling.
“You’d better calm down and take your mother to have her injuries examined,” Dustin said.
When Florence left earlier, she had been fine. There was no way she was this badly injured all of a sudden.
“Have her examined for what? I’ve already seen it with my own eyes, so why do I need to get her checked out? Are you still trying to justify yourself at this point?” Dahlia said, fuming.
He had beaten up her family. Now, not only was he refusing to apologize, but he was also acting so
righteously.
When did he become so unreasonable?
“Since you believe your mother’s story, then why are you asking me?” Dustin’s tone grew cold.
“What? Are you throwing in the towel just because you’ve been caught? You’re the one who beat them up; are you saying you were in the right?” Dahlia said.
“Fine. Let’s say I did beat them up, but did you ever ask why?” Dustin said.
“Of course, I asked! My mother asked you for the formula; not only did you refuse, you even said some harsh things. She told you off, and then you beat her up. Isn’t that what happened?!”
“Heh If that’s what you think happened, then that’s what happened.” Dustin snickered.
The current him was too lazy to explain. No matter what he said, they wouldn’t believe him.
“Dustin, ch, Dustin. I really didn’t expect you to be this kind of person! Did you have to go that far over a formula? What would have happened it you’d given her the recipe? Would you lose a limb? You know what, I can just pay for it! Is one million dollars enough? Or two? Name your price, and I’ll buy it no matter the amount!
Dahlia grew angrier and angrier as she spoke. Her hands started to tremble with rage.
“Do you think this is about money? To tell you the truth, I’ve already given the formula away.” Dustin stated indifferently.
“Who did you give it to? Was it Natasha? So are you saying that you would rather give her the formula for free
than sell it to me?”
2/3
“Can you be more reasonable?”
“Am I being unreasonable, or are you just a cold and heartless person who grew tired of your old toy in favor of a new one? Am I not even worth one formula in your eyes?!” Dahlla was about to lose her mind.
She wasn’t this upset earlier, but at the thought of Natasha, she felt a knife pierce her heart.
She couldn’t help but feel as if someone had taken something important from her.
“Dahlia, I don’t want to argue with you. If you called me to talk about this, then I don’t think we have anything to talk about,” Dustin said, taking a deep breath.
“Fine! Let’s not talk about the formula–let’s talk about Julie! Were you responsible for her arrest?” Dahlia changed the subject.
“If I said no, would you believe me?” Dustin said indifferently.
“Do you think I would believe you? Matt saw you plant fake evidence with his own eyes and got Julie sent to jail! I know you don’t like her, but must you be so petty? How could you do such a cruel thing over a small conflict? That’s my cousin! How could you do such a horrible thing?!” Dahlia was practically roaring by the
end of the sentence.
“So you’ll believe whatever Matt says? Am I such a narrow–minded asshole in your eyes that you’d rather believe Matt over me?” Dustin asked, his eyebrows knitting together.
“You’ve done so many terrible things. How can I believe you?” Dahlia retorted back.
When Dustin heard those words, he fell silent, his mouth curving into a self–deprecating smile. He didn’t want. to explain further, nor did he have the energy to do so.
Once the seeds of doubt were planted, they could never be removed.
There had always been a chasm between him and Dahlia. It was due to a lack of trust.
No matter what he did or said, he would never receive an acknowledgment. But whenever there was a minor misunderstanding, it would explode into a full–blown argument.
That was the crux of their problems.
He had really done his best.
###Chapter 204 by Marina Vittori
“You don’t have anything else to say? I knew you were lying! Why? How did you turn out this way? Why do you have to push my boundaries over and over again? Must you keep causing trouble until we turn against each other? Dahlia’s face was full of disappointment, and she felt disheartened.
“It’s not that I’ve changed, but you’ve never believed in me, whether it was before or now. Since you won’t believe me anyway, then there’s nothing to talk about. I’ll figure out a way to repay you for what you did for Gregory.” As soon as Dustin finished speaking, he hung up.
Could things go back to the way they were before?
No, it was impossible.
This was his answer to her question last night.
“Dustin, what do you mean? Are you trying to cut ties with me? You … Dahlia still had more to say, but the line had already gone dead.
Dustin’s indifference and coldness felt like a knife in her heart.
She couldn’t understand why the two of them couldn’t get along peacefully. Why must they hurt each other?
Why?
Why couldn’t he try to understand her?
“Dahlia, I told you a long time ago that Dustin is inhuman. I’m sure you’ve seen his true self by now,” James said, adding fuel to the fire.
“Dahlia, we won’t go and beg him. That animal will get his reckoning sooner or later!” Florence added another
blow.
“Mom, don’t talk anymore; just focus on getting better. I’ll think of something to help Julie.” Dahlia’s mental
state was a mess.
“Dahlia, you don’t have to worry too much. My father is already talking to his connections about Julie’s arrest. I’m sure we’ll hear something soon,” Matt said comfortingly from the side.
A woman was most vulnerable when she was injured.
If he took advantage of this opportunity, she would be his soon.
“Thanks.” Dahlia forced a smile.
While they were talking, a police car suddenly stopped at the entrance of the villa.
The car door opened, and Julie jumped off the car joyfully.
As soon as she stepped through the door, she hollered, “Aunt Florence, I’m back!”
“Julie?!”
When the others saw her, they all had looks of surprise.
1/2
Chapter 204
Florence even dropped her sickly act and leaped off the bed.
Grabbing Julie’s hand, she looked her up and down with a worried face. “Julic, are you okay? Did you get hurt in there? Do you know how worried I was about you?”
“Aunt Florence, I’m fine. I was just locked up for half a day. I didn’t get hurt.” Julie smiled.
Although she was a little shaken up, she was glad to be back safe and sound.
“You were released after just half a day? That was quick” James said, a little flabbergasted.
“The situation was rather strange. When they interrogated me, they were so fierce and scary. However, after they got a phone call, they immediately released me,” Julie said, sounding confused.
A light quickly went off in Florence’s head. “Ah, I know! It must have been Matt’s father who helped you. If it wasn’t for Mr. Laney Sr.’s connections, you’d probably still be stuck in there.”
“Really? Thank you so much, Matt!” Julie hurriedly thanked him.
“No, it was just a small favor. It was nothing.” Matt faked a humble smile.
Although he said that, he thought the situation was weird, too. According to the plan, his father would only
help Julie after he got the formula for Immortunol.
So why had she been released so soon?
“See. Dahlia? This is the difference between Matt and Dustin! That Rhys bastard has no capabilities aside from using dirty tactics to get people in trouble! Then look at Matt–every time there’s a critical moment, he always lends us a hand and saves the day! Now you should know which man cares about you the most,” Florence said, purposely dragging one man down to lift the other up, showering Matt with praise.
*Exactly, Dahlia! That loser is not good enough for you. Matt is still the best match for you. Since you’re already divorced, the way I see it, you should just get together with Matt, James added.
“I don’t want to talk about this right now.”
###Chapter 205 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia frowned slightly, slowly coming back to her senses. Looking at Florence hop around energetically, she was astounded. “Mom, I thought you said you broke your hands and feet? How can you still stand?”
“Huh?” Florence’s face froze, and she forced a smile. “When I saw Julie, I got a little too emotional and temporarily forgot about the pain. I should lie back down and get some rest right away.”
With that, she limped to the bed.
But those horrible acting skills fooled no one.
“Mom, are you actually actually fine and were just pretending to be hurt in front of me?!” Dahlia’s face sank.
“How can I be fine? Didn’t you see how Dustin hit me? Ouch held her head and began to put on a show again.
My head is starting to hurt again!” Florence
“You said you have a concussion and broken limbs. Well, where’s the case file from the hospital? Show it to me!” Dahlia demanded.
“Well…” Florence and James both looked at each other, speechless.
Seeing their reaction, of course. Dahlia caught on.
“So you two have been lying to me all along? All for what?” She bit the bottom of her lip.
“Fine. I’m not hurt! So what? Seeing that her ruse was up, Florence stopped pretending.
She said indignantly, “Although I didn’t get hurt, it’s still true that that animal beat us up. You saw what happened in the video. Could that be faked?”
“That’s right! Dahlia, look at the injuries on my face. He did this to me!” James played along.
“Give me your phone!” Dahlia demanded, her gaze cold.
“W–what do you want my phone for?” James felt a niggling sense of guilt.
“Just give it to me!”
Without another word, Dahlia snatched the phone from his hands. She looked for the full video and played it with the volume turned up.
After grasping the entire situation, her body began to tremble from head to toe. She finally understood why her brother had been beaten up.
Dustin wasn’t the ungrateful one. It was her mother and brother who crossed the line and went to his doorstep to kick up a fuss!
“Why? Why did you guys lie to me?!” Dahlia was extremely upset.
“Dahlia, we didn’t lie to you. That animal was wrong to hit us. Even if we started it, he had no right to hit us back! So what if we hit him? We’re older than him; can’t we teach him a lesson?! Florence argued righteously as if her actions were justified,
“You–you guys are really unbelievable!” Dahlia was furious. She didn’t expect that her mother would be so unreasonable and evil.
It was clearly her own fault, but she still pinned the blame on Dustin, deliberately twisting the truth and misleading her. 1
“Fine! Even if we were impulsive this time, it doesn’t mean that ass wasn’t responsible for this as well. If he hadn’t framed Julie, would we have gone over to pick a light? In the end, he had it coming for him!” Florence shouted with conviction, her hands on her waist.
As soon as she said that, a middle–aged man in uniform alighted from the police car that stopped in front of their door.
“You must be Julie Amberson’s family, am I right? I am Chief Aspen Cruiser. Regarding Julie’s case of medicine theft, although Mr. Rhys has decided not to pursue the matter, you still need to make sure she learned her lesson and won’t make the same mistake again. If Mr. Rhys hadn’t said anything today, Julie would probably have remained in there for a few more years. Do you understand?” Aspen said, giving them a stern verbal warning.
“Mr. Rhys?”
Florence and the others looked at each other. “Wasn’t it Mr. Laney Sr. who helped Julie?”
“Who’s that? I’ve never heard of him,” Aspen replied, stone–faced.
As soon as he said that, everyone’s eyes llicked over to Matt.
After everything that happened, it wasn’t even Phineas Laney who helped.
Then, had they thanked the wrong person?
Being on the receiving end of everyone’s gazes, Matt felt his face flush, as if he’d been slapped on both cheeks.
This was fucking humiliating!
“Chief Cruiser, may I ask who this “Mr. Rhys‘ is that you’re talking about?” Florence still couldn’t believe it.
Aspen raised an eyebrow. “Who else could it be? Of course, it’s Dustin Rhys. Who else would help you out?”
As soon as he said that, the entire room fell dead silent…
Chapter 286
“D–Dustin Rhys? How could it be him?!” After learning the truth, Florence and the others looked at each other for a while, disbelief written on their faces.
Never in a million years had they considered that it wasn’t Matt who saved Julie, but the person they had dubbed ungrateful.
This was simply a slap in the face!
“So Dustin never framed Julie in the first place, and it was you guys purposely slinging mud at him?” Dahlia stood rooted to the ground, expressionless.
Her face was as white as a sheet.
“W–who slung mud at him? I bet he’s feeling guilty because he knows what he did wrong, so he’s trying to make things up to us!” Florence insisted stubbornly.
She was used to bossing people around; of course, she would never admit that she had gotten the wrong idea
about Dustin.
That would be too humiliating.
“Mom, things have already come to this, and you still want to justify yourself?” Dahlia bit her lip. Even her
heart was clenching.
“How am I justifying myself? If that Rhys bastard hadn’t framed Julie, why would he have saved her? In the end, he was just feeling guilty for doing something wrong!” Florence insisted indignantly.
“That’s right! If he didn’t do it, why did he save her?” James echoed.
“I’ve really had enough of you guys!” Dahlia’s emotions finally exploded.
“Why? Why do you always have to pick on Dustin? What exactly did he do to you? Must you purposely pick fights with him? In our three years of marriage, he has always been honest and agreeable, but you have always had a prejudice against him. Even though he had never done anything wrong, you kept pushing blame on him again and again. Could you really be so blinded to how good he is?”
She was basically roaring by the end of her tirade.
Everyone was scared stiff.
After that spiel, Dahlia couldn’t stand it anymore. She threw the door open and left.
She got in her car and sped down the road.
Her tears, however, couldn’t stop falling.
She regretted it.
She really regretted it.
She regretted being so impulsive; she regretted believing her mother’s words; and she regretted misunderstanding Dustin.
1/2
Chapter 205
“You–you guys are really unbelievable!” Dahlia was furious. She didn’t expect that her mother would be so unreasonable and evil.
It was clearly her own fault, but she still pinned the blame on Dustin, deliberately twisting the truth and misleading her.
“Fine! Even if we were impulsive this time, it doesn’t mean that ass wasn’t responsible for this as well. If he hadn’t framed Julie, would we have gone over to pick a fight? In the end, he had it coming for him!” Florence shouted with conviction, her hands on her waist.
As soon as she said that, a middle–aged man in uniform alighted from the police car that stopped in front of their door.
“You must be Julie Amberson’s family, am I right? I am Chief Aspen Cruiser, Regarding Julie’s case of medicine theft, although Mr. Rhys has decided not to pursue the matter, you still need to make sure she learned her lesson and won’t make the same mistake again. If Mr. Rhys hadn’t said anything today. Julie would probably have remained in there for a few more years. Do you understand?” Aspen said, giving them a stern verbal warning.
“Mr. Rhys?”
Florence and the others looked at each other. “Wasn’t it Mr. Laney Sr. who helped Julie?”
“Who’s that? I’ve never heard of him,” Aspen replied, stone–faced.
As soon as he said that, everyone’s eyes flicked over to Matt.
After everything that happened, it wasn’t even Phineas Laney who helped.
Then, had they thanked the wrong person?
Being on the receiving end of everyone’s gazes, Matt felt his face flush, as if he’d been slapped on both cheeks.
This was fucking humiliating!
“Chief Cruiser, may I ask who this “Mr. Rhys‘ is that you’re talking about?” Florence still couldn’t believe it.
Aspen raised an eyebrow. “Who else could it be? Of course, it’s Dustin Rhys. Who else would help you out?”
As soon as he said that, the entire room fell dead silent —
###Chapter 206 by Marina Vittori
Dustin Rhys? How could it be him?!” After learning the truth, Florence and the others looked at each other for a while, disbelief written on their faces.
Never in a million years had they considered that it wasn’t Matt who saved Julie, but the person they had dubbed ungrateful. This was simply a slap in the face!
*So Dustin never framed Julie in the first place, and it was you guys… purposely slinging mud at him?” Dahlia stood rooted to the ground, expressionless. Her face was as white as a sheet.
“W– who slung mud at him? I bet he’s feeling guilty because he knows what he did wrong, so he’s trying to make things up to us!” Florence insisted stubbornly.
She was used to bossing people around; of course, she would never admit that she had gotten the wrong idea about Dustin.
That would be too humiliating.
“Mom, things have already come to this, and you still want to justify yourself?” Dahlia bit her lip. Even her heart was clenching.
“How am I justifying myself? If that Rhys bastard hadn’t framed Julie, why would he have saved her? In the end, he was just feeling guilty for doing something wrong!” Florence insisted indignantly.
“That’s right! If he didn’t do it, why did he save her?” James echoed.
“I’ve really had enough of you guys!” Dahlia’s emotions finally exploded.
“Why? Why do you always have to pick on Dustin? What exactly did he do to you? Must you purposely pick. fights with nim? In our three years of marriage, he has always been honest and agreeable, but you have
always had a prejudice against him. Even though he had never done anything wrong, you kept pushing blame on him again and again. Could you really be so blinded to how good he is?”
She
e was basically roaring by the end of her tirade.
Everyone was scared stiff.
After that spiel, Dahlia couldn’t stand it anymore. She threw the door open and left.
She got in her car and sped down the road.
Her tears, however, couldn’t stop falling.
She regretted it.
She really regretted it.
She regretted being so impulsive; she regretted belleving her mother’s words; and she regretted. misunderstanding Dustin.
Chanter 200
She felt distraught and confused.
She didn’t know whether they could go back to the way things were before.
At the Peaceful Medical Center, Dustin took a deep breath. He quickly calmed down after hanging up the phone.
After all it wasn’t the first time something like this happened.
Hence, he wasn’t much bothered by it right now.
“Beep beep!” At that moment, a Maybach with a Millsburg license plate stopped at the entrance.
Soon after, a middle–aged man in a flashy, red suit strutted over with his head held high.
Next to him was a stocky bodyguard.
“Are you Dustin Rhys?” The moment the man in the red suit entered, he began to eye Dustin up and down, acting all high and mighty.
“And who are you?” Dustin raised his head, sparing the man a glance.
“My name is Laney, Phineas Laney. I am from the Laney family of Millsburg.”
Phineas picked up his handkerchief and wiped down the chair before taking a seat of his own accord.
Dustin quickly made the connection. “The Laney family? What’s your relationship to Matt Laney?”
“Matt Laney is my son and the heir of the Laney family.” Phineas pushed his glasses up his nose and continued indifferently. “Of course, I didn’t come here to your doorstep to tell you these things, but to offer you riches.”
“Oh? What do you mean?” Dustin raised his eyebrows.
“I heard that you have the Immortunol formula in your hands. It’s something I am very interested in.” As Phineas spoke, he took out a check and slid it onto the table. “This is a check for 30 million dollars. If you give me the formula, then the money is yours. For people like you, this amount is enough for you to live without worry for the rest of your life!”
“Sorry, I’m not interested.” Dustin rejected it immediately.
“Why? Is it too little?” Phineas narrowed his eyes slightly. “I didn’t peg you for someone with a big appetite. Alright, why don’t I add on another 20 million dollars, which makes it 50 million dollars in total? Give me the formula.”
“Like I said, I’m not interested,” Dustin repeated indifferently.
###Chapter 207 by Marina Vittori
“Young man, I advise you to consider this carefully. I do not like to be rejected. If something catches my eye. I’ll do anything to get it.” Phineas began to ramp things up.
“If you agree, then not only will you get the money, you’ll also become a friend of the Laney family. If you ever run into trouble, our family will help you. Conversely, if you turn me down, you’ll become an enemy of the Laney family. You have to decide for yourself whether you want to be our friend or foe.”
Dustin couldn’t help but laugh when he heard that. “I don’t like to be threatened. If you’re going to speak like that, then we can only be enemies.”
“Hm?” Phineas‘ face darkened.
“Punk, are you sure you want to do this?”
“Of course.” Dustin nodded.
“Hmph! Don’t think you can go around fearlessly because you have the Harmons backing you. To tell you the truth, I have a hundred ways to deal with small fry like you. If you’re going to remain stubborn, I don’t mind playing this game with you,” Phineas threatened with a nasty expression.
“I’ll play with you to the end.” Dustin was not the least bit afraid.
“Good. I hope you won’t regret it!” Phineas snorted, got up, and left.
A country bumpkin actually had the guts to go against him?
He must have a death wish!
The night went by uneventfully, but the next morning
“Ah!”
Dustin was rudely awoken by a scream.
When he opened his door, he found Caitlyn collapsed on the floor, her face white with fear.
“Mr. Rhys, Dusty is dead!”
Caitlyn pointed at the door with tears in her eyes.
Dustin looked over to find a dead gray cat hanging from the top of the entrance of the medical center.
The cat had been disemboweled, its blood dripping onto the floor. It was a grisly sight.
This was the cat that Caitlyn brought back yesterday.
“Hmm?”
Dustin frowned.
When he stepped outside to take a look, he discovered that dog blood had been splashed all over both sides
1/2
Chanter 207
of the main entrance, including the medical center’s sign.
Hanging a cat and splashing dog blood–this was no longer just humiliation.
This was a blatant threat and provocation!
“Beep beep! At that moment, the Maybach from yesterday slowly pulled over at the side of the road.
The window rolled down to reveal Phineas‘ and Matt’s faces.
Both father and son had the same arrogant smirk on their faces.
“Did you do this?!” Dustin’s face turned stormy.
“Congratulations! You’ve got the right answer!” Matt grinned. “Dustin, oh, Dustin, we have already given you a chance. You didn’t appreciate it then, so don’t blame us for pulling some tricks!”
“You insist on fighting me?” Dustin’s eyes were icy.
“Fight? Heh Are you worthy of fighting us? You need to know that we’re still playing right now.” Matt
sneered.
“Of course, all this is just a taste. The main event will come later! Aren’t you always on your high horse? I have plenty of time to play with you! Of course, I’m not just going to play with you but also with your woman. I know you still have feelings for Dahlia, but don’t worry. Once I get her in my bed. I’ll film a video for you to enjoy. I want you to watch me defile your woman! Tsk just the thought of it is wonderful!” At the end of the sentence, he even licked his lips.
“You’re asking for death!” Dustin was seeing red.
“Asking for death? Heh Are you capable of killing me? Do you think the Harmons would turn against the Laneys for you? Without Natasha’s protection, you’re fucking nothing! I’ll give you three days to think. Either you hand over the Immortunol formula, or you start shopping for your own coffin!” After Matt finished speaking. he wound up the car window and left.
With a dark expression, Dustin took out his phone and dialed a certain number. “Hey, I need a favor
###Chapter 208 by Marina Vittori
After hanging up, Dustin began to clean the medical center with Caitlyn.
Although she didn’t let out a word of complaint, Dustin could tell that the death of her pet cat had taken a huge toll on her.
Her eyes were constantly red, and she was trying her hardest to cry without making a sound.
This young woman had had such a tough life that she lived so pitifully and carefully that she didn’t even dare to cry.
She was such a good kid that it tugged at Dustin’s heartstrings.
The two of them worked together for a long time before the medical center was finally clean.
After a few moments, a silver Bentley pulled up at the entrance.
The door opened, and Natasha got out of the car, dressed in a red dress. 
“Ms. Harmon?” When Caitlyn spotted Natasha, she immediately greeted her.
“Come on, Caitlyn, I’ve told you many times that you don’t need to be so formal with me. You can just treat me
as your sister.” Natasha smiled, patting Caitlyn’s head.
“Okay.” Caitlyn nodded obediently, but it would take some time for her to act casually with Natasha.
“Ms. Harmon, what can I do for you?”
Dustin walked over to Natasha from inside the medical center.
“Can’t I come to see you without a reason?” Natasha raised her eyebrows.
“Of course not. You can come whenever you like, and I’ll always welcome you.” Dustin smiled.
“Hehe… That’s more like it.” Natasha smiled gently. “Come on, let’s have lunch together today. I’ll introduce
you to a big shot.”
“A big shot? Who is it?” Dustin was curious.
“You’ll know if you come.” Then, Natasha called out, “Caitlyn, come, let’s go eat together.”
“I won’t go this time. I want to stay and take care of Mr. Jones.” Caitlyn shook her head.
“In that case, that’s fine. I’ll have Dustin bring some food back for you.”
o the car.
Natasha didn’t force Caitlyn to tag along. Instead, she just tugged Dustin into
20 minutes later, the car pulled to a stop in front of the entrance to A’roma.
A’roma was a high–class Stonian restaurant that was also one of the Harmon family’s businesses,
Natasha would usually choose this place whenever she invited important guests for a meal.
The two of them walked up to the second floor and sat down at a table by the window.
1/4
Chapter 208
Through the window, they had an amazing view of the garden outside.
“Ms. Harmon, I think you can tell me who we’re meeting now, right?” Dustin asked again.
“Roderick Brooks of Millsburg. Have you heard of him?” Natasha said, smiling lightly.
“Roderick Brooks? He sounds familiar.” Dustin gave it some thought.
“Roderick is the chairman of the Riversouth Bank and a renowned tycoon in Millsburg. Apparently, he controls one–third of the cash flow in Millsburg. That’s how he got his nickname. Big Bucks Brooks,” Natasha explained.
“Oh, so it’s him…” Dustin nodded. He was getting a rough idea of this person.
“It’s not known to others, but Big Bucks Brooks is actually suffering from an illness. He’s seen many doctors. but none of them could cure him. I heard that you’re an excellent healer, so I invited you here to meet him. I think he’ll be here soon,” Natasha explained.
As the two were talking, a female voice suddenly sounded from behind them. “Why, isn’t it Ms. Harmon?”
Turning her head, Natasha saw an elegant woman dressed up to the nines in an extravagant custom–made evening gown walking toward her, carrying a Hermes handbag.
“Oh, it’s you, Mrs. Brooks. Where’s Mr. Brooks?” Natasha glanced left and right.
“What, do you miss my Roderick that much? Ever since the last time you saw him, your heart is still set on him, huh?” Chloe Marshall said sarcastically.
She had never liked Natasha.
On the one hand, it was because they were business competitors.
On the other hand, it was because Natasha was an outstanding individual.
Not only was she born into a wealthy family, but she was also gorgeous, and her business was booming.
This made her very jealous.
Especially after she learned that Natasha had frequent contact with her husband, she felt even more
threatened.
Hence, she had to establish dominance! 
“Mrs. Brooks, you must have misunderstood me. Mr. Brooks and I only talk about business,” Natasha said
indifferently.
“Oh, talking about business, are you? You want to talk about business in his bed, don’t you?” Chloe’s smile
turned cold.
“Ms. Harmon, it’s not a good habit to constantly be lusting after the next best thing. You’re already keeping a gigolo, so why are you still thinking about my Roderick? Everyone says you’re as pure as the driven snow, but I don’t think so. If I remember right, Ms. Harmon, you’re almost 28 years old, right? This gigolo looks to be in his
early twenties. In that case, aren’t you a cougar?”
She deliberately raised her voice to draw the attention of the people around her, letting them hear her words.
She was trying to damage Natasha’s reputation.
Natasha merely frowned lightly in response.
If she didn’t have a good relationship with Roderick, she would have gone up there and given her two tight. slaps.
“Where did this witch come from? Are you sick in the head?” At that moment, Dustin couldn’t stop himself from speaking up. “If you are, then walk out the door, turn left, and go to the hospital to get your head checked. Don’t bother those of us eating here.”
“You gigolo, do you know who I am? How dare you talk to me like that?!” Chloe whipped her head to glare at him furiously.
“Does it matter who you are?” Dustin scanned her up and down. “You’re dressed like a person, yet you bark like a dog. Whenever you open your mouth, shit comes out. Your mouth stinks. You should go and brush your teeth, not make us gag here!”
“You
How dare you insult me?!” Chloe widened her eyes, shocked and enraged.
She was the wife of Big Bucks Brooks!
Everyone kissed the ground she walked on.
However, this gigolo had the guts to insult her to her face. He really had huge balls!
“So what if I insult you? If you keep humiliating Natasha, I’ll slap you. You’d better believe it!” At that moment. Dustin had a domineering expression.
Meanwhile, Natasha looked at the scene with a tender gaze, cupping her cheek with one hand. There was a blissful smile on her face.
“Gigolo, I demand you get on your knees and apologize at once! Or else, there will be consequences!” Chloe was steaming out of her ears.
“Get on my knees and apologize? Are you worthy?” Dustin snickered.
“Also, don’t say I didn’t warn you, but you really should head to the hospital for a check–up. You’re really sick!”
“You’re the sick one! Your entire family is sick!” Chloe gritted her teeth..
“Don’t believe me? Then let me ask you this–have you been experiencing headaches, fever, weakness in the limbs, occasional nausea, and difficulty breathing these days?” Dustin asked indifferently.
“Yes, but so what? I just have a cold!” At first, Chloe was stunned, but she quickly stuck her nose in the air again.
“A cold? Heh… You’re quite the optimistic person.” Dustin shook his head. “I can see that you have shortness of breath, the lymph nodes in your neck are swollen, you look lethargic, and you have a rash on your body. If my guess isn’t wrong, then I think you have Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome.”
“The what syndrome?” Chloe was dumbfounded. “Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome, or AIDS for short.”
As soon as he said that, Chloe turned to stone.
###Chapter 209 by Marina Vittori
“A–AIDS?” Chloe was frozen in place, at a loss. She was truly shocked. Not only because Dustin hit the nail on the head for all the symptoms she was experiencing, but mainly because she had gotten a new boy toy a while back.
When they were intimate, they hadn’t used protection. Now, hearing his words, she couldn’t help but panic a little.
“Dustin, are you sure?” Natasha also looked surprised. AIDS was not a trivial matter. Could it be that this was Roderick’s secret illness?
“Although I can’t be a hundred percent sure, I’m sure I’m not too far off,” Dustin replied.
“You. You’re bullshitting me!” Chloe shrieked. “I just had a medical checkup at the hospital this morning.
How can I have AIDS? Stop trying to scare me!
“It’s up to you whether you want to believe me.” Dustin shrugged his shoulders.
“Bastard, you’re scaremongering and humiliating me in public. I’ve got to teach you a lesson! Wally, beat him up!” Chloe flew into a rage and ordered the young bodyguard standing behind her to hit Dustin.
However, the bodyguard named Wally was rooted to the floor, his face pale. Cold sweat dripped down his face.
“Wally, what are you still standing there for? Do something!” Chloe shouted.
“What’s going on?!”
At that moment, a tan, obese middle–aged man suddenly walked in.
Two burly bodyguards trailed behind him.
“Huh Isn’t that Big Bucks Brooks of Millsburg? What is he doing here?”
“That seems to be his wife, Chloe Marshall. A good show is about to go down!”
“Big Bucks Brooks is known for spoiling his wife. It seems like that punk is going to get it today!”
The restaurant broke into a heated discussion when the middle–aged man appeared.
“Honey, you’re finally here!” The moment Chloe saw him, she immediately ran into his arms and started to sob. “That guy kept bullying me earlier. You have to help me!”
“Who’s the ballsy asshole brave enough to bully my wille?!” Roderick’s eyes turned fiery with anger.
Even though he knew his wife could be rather unruly, he still chose to dote on her unconditionally.
Chapter 209
It’s that gigolo next to Natasha!” Chloe turned around to point at Dustin.
‘Hm?” Roderick narrowed his eyes, displeased, “Ms. Harmon, is that man your friend?”
‘This is Dustin, my boyfriend.” Natasha threw out straightforwardly.
These words shocked Roderick.
Wasn’t Natasha’s man Tyler?
How come there’s another one now?
And judging from her expression, it didn’t seem like she was joking.
“Honey, not only did that gigolo call me a shrew, but he also humiliated me and said that I have a disease. If you don’t stand up for me, I will be too ashamed to leave the house ever again!” Chloe put on a pitiful look.
As she spoke, tears spilled from her eyes.
It was like she was now a completely different person than her unruly self earlier.
She was a drama queen, plain and simple.
“Okay, calm down. I will definitely get justice for you.” After comforting his wife, he turned back to Natasha.
Ms. Harmon, I need an explanation.”
“What explanation? Your wife was the one spitting ugly words first. Dustin was just having a normal
conversation with her,” Natasha responded indifferently.
Even though Roderick’s family was filthy rich, she wasn’t scared of it. If they could talk it out, then they would.
If they couldn’t, then she’d let things get ugly. It was no big deal.
“You’re talking nonsense! It’s obvious that you’re the ones ganging up to bully me!” Chloe shouted.
“You have to speak from your conscience. I was just kindly letting you know that you’re sick,” Dustin said in a
serious manner.
“See, honey! You heard it, right? He said I’m sick! He’s clearly insulting me!” Chloe was furious.
“I’m only speaking the truth when I say you’re sick. How is that insulting you?” Dustin asked back.
“Punk, you’re pretty arrogant, huh? Then I must ask–what disease does my wife have?” Roderick narrowed his
eyes, his expression was livid.
“AIDS.” Dustin uttered casually.
“Bullshit!” Roderick’s face darkened. “I’ve always been clean, and I’ve never fooled around with anyone else. How could I possibly have contracted AIDS?”
“I know you haven’t, but your wile has,” Dustin said.
“What do you mean?” Roderick’s gaze was steely.
“It’s simple. Your wife is having an affair,” Dustin uttered those shocking words.
The entire room broke out into pandemonium.

Chapter 209
All of them pointed at Dustin as if they were looking at an idiot.
He’d just told Big Bucks Brooks to his face that his wife was having an affair. Wasn’t this just asking for death?
Everyone knew that Big Bucks Brooks was known for covering up his wife’s mistakes.
“Punk, do you know what you are saying?” Roderick gritted his teeth, his eyes ferocious.
If it wasn’t for Natasha, he would have shot this man in front of him already.
“Of course I know what I’m saying.” Dustin said, his expression remaining unchanging. “Mr. Brooks, your wife just hired that bodyguard, Wally, a few months ago, right?”
“So what? Roderick frowned.
“Based on my observation, his symptoms are much more severe than your wife’s. Hence, my guess is that he was the one who gave your wife AIDS,” Dustin said.
Hearing these words, Chloe and the young bodyguard could not help but tremble in fear.
Panic flickered across their faces.
Roderick also caught this strange reaction.
“You
That’s bullshit! By the time she returned to her senses, Chloe’s shame had transformed into rage.” You dog, you’re smearing my innocence! I’m going to beat you into a bloody pulp today!”
With that, she got ready to pounce on him and attack him.
At that moment, Roderick’s cell phone suddenly vibrated.
A message arrived.
It was the result of the medical checkup this morning.
Roderick perused it, and his face instantly turned stormy.
Veins popped on his forehead.
“Honey, what’s wrong?” Chloe was feeling a little uneasy.
Suddenly, a sharp slap rang out.
Roderick, who was known for being overbearingly protective of his wife, slapped Chloe with so much force that she staggered backward.
The blow caused her to bleed from her nose and mouth, and her cheeks began to swell.
The entire room was shocked!
###Chapter 210 by Marina Vittori
“Honey, why did you hit me?” Chloe cupped her face, looking hurt. The others also looked at each other, unable to comprehend what had just unfolded.
No one expected that Big Bucks Brooks, the man who had always covered for his wife’s behavior, would smack her with his own hand.
“See for yourself!” With a dark look, he threw the phone straight at Chloe. Chloe picked up the phone and took a look. Suddenly, her face turned ashen, as if she’d been struck by lightning.
It was the medical checkup report from the hospital, and the diagnosis was indeed AIDS!
“How could this happen? No, it can’t be!” Chloe shook her head frantically in utter disbelief. “This medical report must have been falsified! Honey, I don’t have AIDS. I really don’t!”
“Are you still trying to defend yourself at this point?!” Roderick roared, his blood was boiling.
Any man would not be able to stomach finding out they were cheated on.
Even worse, his wife had contracted AIDS because of it.
This was simply humiliating!
“Honey, I’m sorry! I was just momentarily confused. I’m begging you, please forgive me!” With a thud, Chloe fell to her knees. Then, she pointed at the young bodyguard next to her and bellowed, “It’s all his fault! It’s all because he seduced me! It’s not me; I’m innocent!”
“Mrs. Brooks, you have to speak from your conscience. You were the one who came onto me, so how could you push the blame all on me?” Wally was a bit upset.
If he were to carry the blame for seducing a married woman, considering Big Bucks Brooks’s power, his life
may be in danger.
Naturally, he didn’t want to be the scapegoat.
“S–shut up! It was you! You seduced me! Not only that, but you also gave me AIDS, you animal!” Furious. Chloe stormed over to Wally and gave him a few huge slaps.
Afterward, she returned to her position on her knees in front of Roderick and begged, “Honey, I know I made a mistake. I won’t do it again. I’m begging you, we’re husband and wife, so please forgive me this time!”
Roderick was unmoved, his face icy.
He loved his wife, but only on the condition that she was faithful to him.
If she couldn’t do the basics and remained loyal to him, then who was she to deserve his love?
“It’s all your fault! It’s all because of you two pieces of shit. I’m going to kill you!” Seeing Roderick’s lack of response, Chloe became infuriated and lunged straight toward Natasha.
1/2
Chapter 210
She also purposely smeared her hand with the blood from her nose, intending to give Natasha a taste of AIDS.
“Get lost!” Dustin stepped forward and launched a kick straight at Chloe.
After getting sick, she still wanted to pass it on to others. She really deserved a beating.
“Honey, he–he hit me… Chloe held her stomach with a look of agony.
“Take Chloe home and keep an eye on her. Don’t let her leave the room for even a moment!” Roderick ordered
with a cold expression.
“Roger!” Without another word, the two sturdy bodyguards immediately hauled Chloe up and left.
No matter how much the latter wailed and apologized, it was to no avail.
After the noise died down, Roderick couldn’t help but take a deep breath, Soon enough, he managed to
suppress his anger.
He was far more adept at controlling his emotions than the average person.
“Ms. Harmon, I’m sorry for my wife’s poor behavior. I’m sure you were frightened,” Roderick apologized.
“What happened today was nothing but an accident.” Natasha smiled politely.
###Chapter 211 by Marina Vittori
“This young man must be the skilled healer you mentioned, Mr. Rhys, right? From what happened today, you do live up to your reputation,” Roderick said.
“I only hope you won’t take it too hard, Mr. Brooks,” Dustin said.
Any man wouldn’t be able to handle hearing that he’d been cheated on.
“Speaking of, I should be thanking you, Mr. Rhys. If it wasn’t for your sharp eyes, I don’t know how long I would have been lied to.” Roderick forced a smile.
In this case, it was better to rip the bandage off.
Although it was a bit humiliating, it still beat getting cheated on repeatedly.
“Mr. Brooks, forgive me for asking, but could the secret illness you’ve been suffering from be the same as your wife’s?” Natasha asked tentatively.
Typically speaking, if his wife got it, then Roderick must have caught it too.
“Um. I probably don’t have it.” Roderick looked slightly embarrassed. “To be honest, because of how busy I have been with work, I haven’t slept with my wife for half a year.”
“That’s good. You dodged a bullet.” Natasha smiled.
“Mr. Rhys, can you tell what disease I have?” Roderick went straight to the point.
“Mr. Brooks, have you been experiencing back and knee pain, mood swings, and insomnia?” Dustin suddenly asked.
“How did you know?” Roderick raised his eyebrows in surprise.
“Of course, I observed it.” Dustin smiled slightly. “Not only do I know that your body is weak and sickly, but I also know about the hidden injury at your lower back. If my guess isn’t wrong, you injured your lower back a few years ago, right?”
The moment Roderick heard those words, his face instantly grew solemn.
The way he looked at Dustin also changed.
Indeed, he had gotten hurt a few years ago.
That time, he’d been on his way to a meeting to discuss a business deal when a hitman suddenly appeared, stabbing him in the lower back.
Fortunately, he didn’t lose his life, but ever since then, his injury had been causing him pain.
The problem was that he’d never told anyone about this, so how did Dustin find out?
“Mr. Rhys, you’re really amazing! But how could you tell?” Roderick was both shocked and suspicious.
“I’m a doctor. For most ailments, you can identify clues from the smallest details. For example, you were walking in a stiff manner earlier, putting less pressure on your left foot compared to the right. Evidently, you
Chapter 211
have a lower back injury.” Dustin replied.
“Hahaha… You’re truly a miracle doctor, Mr. Rhys! I acknowledge your talent!” Roderick said.
“What a compliment, Mr. Brooks. I’m just using my wits.”
“Mr. Rhys, could you take a good look and see whether this illness of mine can be cured?” Roderick extended
his wrist.
Dustin felt for his pulse. Then, he responded, “It’s curable, but it will take some time. That knife injured your kidney, which has affected your ability to have children. Your reproductive ability has also greatly deteriorated. This is also why you still haven’t had children until now.”
When he said that, Natasha and Roderick paused, clearly taken aback.
“Mr. Rhys, are you sure you didn’t make a mistake?” Roderick frowned.
“That’s right, Dustin. Mr. Brooks has a four–year–old son,” Natasha added.
The reason why Roderick had doted on Chloe so much was because she’d borne him a son.
Being able to have a son as a middle–aged man, he naturally had a lot of love and care for both mother and
child.
“Huh?” This time, it was Dustin’s turn to be confused.
He reached for Roderick’s wrist again and said with certainty, “It’s impossible! Your knife injury happened at least six years ago. The knife went all the way in, so there is no way you are fertile, unless
“Unless what?” Roderick found himself asking.
“Unless your son isn’t biologically yours.”
Roderick was speechless.
###Chapter 212 by Marina Vittori
Roderick stood there frozen, his face was pale. He’d experienced all kinds of hardships all his life, but at that moment, he didn’t know what to do.
He thought it was bad enough that he’d gotten cheated on. He didn’t expect that there’d be a bigger “surprise” that followed. His son wasn’t actually biologically his?
This revelation was even more severe than finding out he was being cheated on! “Mr. Rhys, are… you sure?” Roderick’s eye twitched. He was clinging to the very last glimmer of hope.
“Mr. Brooks, it’s a hard pill to swallow, but based on your body’s current condition, you lost your ability to have
children a long time ago. If you don’t believe me, you can go get tested yourself,” Dustin said firmly.
To be honest, he was starting to pity Roderick.
Although he was swamped with riches, his wife had an affair, and his son wasn’t his.
This double whammy would have driven any ordinary person insane.
“Alright. Thank you, Mr. Rhys. There are too many people here. Shall we find another place to talk?” Roderick
asked, his face completely neutral.
“Of course.” Dustin caught Natasha’s eye and immediately agreed.
“Alright. Dan, take Ms. Harmon and Mr. Rhys to the Brooks Manor. I’ll be there after a while,” Roderick
instructed his driver.
Dan hummed in response. Then, he led Dustin and Natasha to the Rolls Royce outside.
After the two left. Roderick’s expression finally turned gloomy.
Whether his son was his or not, he would find out with a paternity test.
He could forgive his wife for her affair, but he couldn’t handle raising someone else’s child.
Dustin and Natasha walked around the garden at the Brooks Manor, gazing at the beautiful scenery
surrounding them.
A few housekeepers trailed behind them, carrying trays of pastries and tea, ready to be called upon anytime.
After taking a stroll through the garden, they found a cool area to rest their feet.
“Ms. Harmon, do you think Mr. Brooks can handle this shocking truth?” Dustin asked out of the blue.
Il Chloe hadn’t done something so demeaning, he actually wouldn’t have stuck his nose where it didn’t belong.
“Mr. Brooks has gone through all sorts of trials and tribulations. He should be fine. Of course, that’s if you can
1/2
Chapter 212
cure his secret illness.” Natasha smiled faintly.
For a man, the ability to produce children was very important.
“As long as Mr. Brooks believes me,” Dustin responded.
As he spoke, a large shadow suddenly fell over them.
It was Roderick!
“Hello, you two. Sorry for making you wait so long.” Roderick wiped the sweat from his forehead, forcing a
smile.
“Mr. Brooks, has the matter been settled?” Dustin asked cautiously.
“Yes, it’s settled.” Roderick nodded.
Thanks to the power of money, the results of the paternity test were out in less than an hour.
As Dustin said, his son was indeed not his.
When he learned of the outcome, he was furious.
He even had the urge to kill.
However, after so many years, he had developed some attachments to them.
In the end, he let the mother and son live.
But from today on, they were not to appear before him ever again.
“Ah
fate truly dealt me a rotten hand! All my life, I did only good deeds, so who would have thought that not
only would I lose my ability to have children, but I would also end up parting ways with my wife and child.”
Roderick heaved a long sigh.
###Chapter 213 by Marina Vittori
Despite running such a huge family business, Roderick didn’t even have an heir now. It was truly a tragedy.
“Mr. Brooks, don’t take it too hard. Although the knife injury damaged your fertility, it can actually be treated. Once you’re recovered, you can have another son, or even ten! It won’t be a problem.” Dustin smiled as he attempted to cheer Roderick up.
“Really?” Roderick trembled, his face expectant. In the past six months, the main reason he hadn’t slept with his wife was because he couldn’t get it up.
However, because of his dignity as a man, he’d always kept it a secret. So, to hear that he’d be able to rise up again, naturally, he was elated.
“Mr. Brooks, if I dare to say it, it means I can do it.” As Dustin spoke, he took out a tablet and said, “This is Gemiphen, which I created. It helps clear up circulatory pathways and heal internal injuries. Give it a try.”
“Okay!” Without another word, Roderick took the Gemiphen and swallowed it.
As soon as the tablet entered his system, it turned into a rush of warmth that spread through his body..
Instantly, he felt his mood lift, and his body felt better in a way he couldn’t explain.
The pain in his lower back had also improved significantly.
“Amazing This is amazing! Mr. Rhys, your miracle tablet is extraordinary!” After experiencing the fascinating changes in his body, Roderick was practically over the moon.
In an instant, he felt as if he’d gotten a brand–new body.
If he previously had doubts about Dustin’s abilities, then now, he was utterly convinced!
Any famous doctor was trash in comparison to Dustin!
“Mr. Rhys, take the Gemiphen once every three days. After a month, your body will completely recover.” Dustin took out a small glass bottle filled with Gemiphen and handed it to Roderick.
“Thank you so much, Mr. Rhys! I’ll remember your great kindness for the rest of my life!” Feeling emotional,
Roderick knelt on the ground.
“Mr. Brooks, please get up It was nothing.” Dustin quickly helped him to his feet.
Since this all happened because of him, now that he was able to cure Roderick’s illness, there was at least a
good ending.
“Mr. Rhys, you’re too humble. If it weren’t for your help, my life would have been over!” Roderick said, his face
glowing with gratitude.
A man who couldn’t get it up wasn’t a real man.
Now that Dustin had given him the chance to regain his dignity as a man, It was as though he’d been given a
new lease on life!
1/2
Chapter 213
“Mr. Brooks, now that Dustin has cured your illness, how do you plan to repay him?” Natasha said, half joking.
As his other half, she knew that it was time to ask for remuneration.
“Name whatever you need, Mr. Rhys. If I can do it, I won’t say no!” Roderick said, placing his hand on his chest
to show how genuine he was.
“I don’t need anything else. All I’m interested in are precious herbs such as heliotropes, cherusia, and flowers of Crimson Gem. If you have them, Mr. Brooks, I would be nothing but pleased,” Dustin said, naming his price.
“I’ve never collected precious herbs before, but no worries. I’ll send someone to check it out. Once I get any
news. I’ll buy it for you right away, Mr. Rhys!” Roderick promised.
“Thank you, Mr. Brooks,” Dustin said.
“No, no. I should be the one thanking you, Mr. Rhys,” Roderick said in return.
He now had a profound sense of worship for Dustin’s impressive abilities.
“Sir… At that moment, an elderly butler suddenly walked over and reported, “Phineas Lacey and his son are here to see you. They say they have something to discuss with you.”
“Phineas Lacey? What is he doing here?” Roderick rubbed his chin.
“It’s such a small world. I never expected I’d run into them here.” Dustin narrowed his eyes when he heard their
names.
“What, do you know these people, Mr. Rhys?” Roderick pressed.
“I do, and we even got into a conflict. Without leaving anything out, Dustin quickly recounted the entire story.
After Roderick listened to the whole incident, he couldn’t help but snort. “Those two bastards are truly arrogant bullies. I hate people like this the most! Come with me to see them, Mr. Rhys. Today, I’ll give them something to see!”
###Chapter 214 by Marina Vittori
At that moment, Phineas and Matt were in the Brooks Manor living room.
“Dad, do you think Big Bucks Brooks will lend us money?” Mall glanced around, looking worried.
“Big Bucks Brooks is filthy rich and generous to boot. He’s always had a good relationship with our family. It shouldn’t be a problem to borrow some money,” Phineas said, raising his cup and taking a sip. It was obvious that he was very confident.
Although the Lacey family hadn’t been restored to its previous glory, they were still above the average person.
Outside, they still had some status.
“If it weren’t for our family’s capital chain rupture causing our businesses to suffer majorly, we would never have to borrow money from others,” Matt said, sighing.
Not long ago, they’d suddenly received terrible news.
Many of their big–shot partners had retracted their investments. All the business deals they’d made previously
had gone bust.
Their entire family suffered serious damage overnight.
Now, they desperately needed a capital injection, or else the Lacey family would go bankrupt in less than a
month.
At this point, the only one who could help them was Big Bucks Brooks.
“Speaking of that, it’s really strange how all of the investments were retracted collectively, and disaster struck from all sides. I bet somebody’s targeting our family,” Phineas rubbed his chin in thought.
“Who’s gutsy enough to go mess with our family?” Matt slammed his palm into the table.
Their original plan was to get the Immortunol formula in their hands and then use the investment funds to
conduct their own research.
This way, the Lacey family would be restored to their former glory!
However, after everything that had happened, their plan was ruined.
“We still haven’t been able to look into it yet. Once we raise the funds we need and get through these tough times, we’ll drag that bastard out!” An evil glint flashed through Phineas‘ eyes.
“Dad, how much money does our family need to operate normally?” Matt asked uncertainly.
“At least three billion dollars!” Phineas put up three fingers.
“That much?” Matt’s expression drooped. “Would Big Bucks Brooks agree to loan us three billion in one go?”
“Big Bucks Brooks controls one–third of all the cash flow in Millsburg. What’re three billion dollars to him?” Phineas took a sip of tea and said casually, “Not to mention, I even came here personally. Would he dare to say no? He should be happy that our family is cozying up to him on our own accord instead.”
1/2
“That’s true.” Hearing those words, Matt let out a sigh of relief.
The Laney family did have prestige out there; Big Bucks Brooks had to give them some respect.
As the two were speaking, the door suddenly opened, and a few people entered.
The one in the lead was none other than Roderick.
The moment they met. Phineas stood up and extended a hand, his face full of smiles. “Hey, Mr. Brooks! Long time no see. You’ve gotten much more handsome!”
However, when he saw Dustin behind Roderick, his smile froze on his face. “Punk, what are you doing here?!”
“You’re here, so why can’t I be here too?” Dustin retorted indifferently.
“Hmph! And who are you? Can you even be compared to us?” Phineas” expression turned cold instantly.
“Dustin, are you here to also get a loan from Mr. Brooks?” Matt said with a suspicious look.
“Why I’m here doesn’t concern you.” Dustin’s expression remained unchanged.
“Mr. Brooks, we’ve always been friendly with each other. Don’t lend that punk any money! We have bad blood!” Phineas said, calling a spade a spade.
In his eyes. Roderick would never go against the Laney family for a small fry.
So, he definitely won today.
“Phineas, are you sure that you have bad blood with Mr. Rhys?” Roderick smirked coolly.
“Of course!” Phineas puffed out his chest. “Mr. Brooks, to be frank, the two grudges I have with him can never be solved, so please don’t try to lobby for him!”
###Chapter 215 by Marina Vittori
The Immortunol formula would definitely be his soon.
“You’re mistaken. I don’t mean it that way.” Roderick uttered calmly.
“Huh?” Phineas was puzzled. “What do you mean, then?”
“Both of you are here to borrow my money, aren’t you?” Roderick asked back instead of answering.
Phineas let out a sheepish laugh. “Our family ran into some trouble recently, and we need some money to turn
things around. That’s why we’ve come to you, Mr. Brooks.”
“How much do you need?”
“About three billion dollars?”
“Three billion!” Roderick raised an eyebrow. “Sorry, but no can do.”
“What?” Phineas shock quickly turned to dismay. “Mr. Brooks, three billion is nothing to you. Why can’t you
lend us the money?”
“Technically, I’ve already lent the money to Mr. Rhys, so you’ll have to beg him for the money.” Roderick replied
with a sarcastic smile.
“What? You lent it to him?” The father–son duo was stunned, unable to believe their ears.
There was no way Roderick would have lent that useless punk three billion dollars!
“You’re not pulling our leg, are you, Mr. Brooks?” Phineas asked again, eyes wide.
“Yeah! What are we supposed to do if you give the money to him?” Matt was dismayed.
“That’s none of my business!” Roderick responded frankly.
“Mr. Brooks, how could you lend your money to him instead of us? Considering our friendship, you’re carrying it too far. Do you think that brat is better than the Laney family?”
The Laney family was a noble family that was leagues above Dustin in terms of wealth and connections. Any normal person would know who to side with.
“Firstly, we’re not friends. Secondly, it’s my money. I decide who it goes to. I don’t have to ask anyone’s opinion. Lastly, who the fuck do you think you are? How dare you compare yourselves to Mr. Rhys! You should really look in a fucking mirror!” Roderick snapped scornfully.
“Mr. Brooks! Are you going to make the Laney family your enemy just because of that brat?” Phineas growled.
“Exactly! You should think this through carefully. Is the Laney family more important or that brat?” Matt quipped. They were sure that a businessman like Roderick would never turn his back on the Laney family.
“So what if we become enemies? A penniless family like yours is trying to threaten me? Ha! You must have a death wish!” Roderick curled his lip.
“I can cut off all your funds right now. I’ll make sure you never get a penny in this province!”
1/2
Chapter 215
at this was Bi
His words hit the lather–son duo like a bucket of ice. They’d been so agitated that they forgot that
Bucks Brooks they were talking to, whose influence and wealth exceeded the Laney family a gazillion times.
Even when they had been at full power, they still had to lower their heads in front of Roderick, let alone now.
Nonetheless, they could never have dreamed that someone as powerful as Roderick would butt heads with
their family for someone like Dustin.
Did Dustin have connections they weren’t aware of?
###Chapter 216 by Marina Vittori
“Mr. Brooks, why on earth are you willing to go against our family for him?” Phineas demanded with a threatening glare. He had approached Roderick confidently but never expected this outcome.
“To tell you the truth, Mr. Rhys is my savior and honored guest. If you have a problem with him, that means you have a problem with me! So, you either beg for his forgiveness, or your family is over!” Roderick declared: the aura he exuded was overwhelming.
“You want us to apologize to that asshole? In your dreams!” Matt yelled angrily.
“Then, get lost! I wonder how long your family can last.” Roderick kicked them out.
“Roderick Brooks, life has its ups and downs, so don’t look down on a broke man! You’ll regret it one day!” Matt forced through gritted teeth and stormed away.
“Mr. Brooks, you’ve incurred the wrath of the Laney family. I doubt my family can’t borrow merely three billion
dollars elsewhere!” Phineas glared at Roderick before following his son.
“Arrogant fools!” Roderick sneered.
No one in the province would dare lend the Laney family money since Roderick already rejected them.
Matt and Phineas returned home displeased with the outcome.
“What’s wrong with Roderick Brooks today? He refused to help us because of that brat!” Matt seethed.
“It seems like that kid has some connections.” Phineas frowned.
“As if! He’s just a pretty boy who got lucky because of Natasha! I bet Roderick only went against us because of Natasha’s support too.” Matt was displeased.
“The Harmon family sure is bothersome. I have a feeling that our financial issues have something to do with.
them.” Phineas pondered.
“What do we do now, Dad? Should we fight to the death?”
“No. We aren’t at the end of our rope yet. Let me make some calls. Phineas pulled out his phone and began asking for help. The Laney family still had some friends and partners, so they’d definitely pull through as long as he managed to raise the funds.
“Hey. Mr. Smith, it’s me. I’m kind of short on cash, so do you think you could help me out? I’ll pay you back
with interest after the turnover.”
“Hi, Mr. Thompson. This is Phineas Lancy. I’m calling to ask for a lavor.”
“Hey, Mr. Johnson. I need your help.”
Phineas made call after call to any of his friends who were well off. However, his face darkened with each call he made.
As soon as they heard that he was trying to borrow money, these people who claimed to be his friends.
immediately changed their attitudes and came up with all sorts of excuses to refuse, and some even hung up without responding.
Phineas finally knew what fair– weather friends were like. After all the calls, he still couldn’t get any money. Instead, he stirred up more trouble.
###Chapter 217 by Marina Vittori
“How did it go, Dad? Is anyone willing to help us?” Matt asked tentatively.
“Fuck those bastards! They come wagging their tails as soon as they have something they want and call themselves my friends, but the moment they find out that our family is in trouble, they start running away! Those fucking fakes!” Phineas‘ face contorted with rage. He never thought that he, the head of the Laney family, would end up like this.
“Dad, everyone always says that misfortune shows you those who are not your real friends. Stop hanging out with them from now on. I’ll make them regret their choice after we pull through.” Matt swore solemnly.
“Matt, my contacts are useless now. You’re the only one I can rely on.” Phineas suddenly thought of someone. “Aren’t you close with Edwin Hummer’s daughter? Why don’t you ring her up and see if she can lend us some money?”
“Oh, right! I nearly forgot! The daughter of the wealthiest man in Swinton should be able to spare us three billion dollars easily. I’ll call her now.”
Matt pulled his phone out and dialed a number.
“My, my. If it isn’t Mr. Laney? How did you find the time to call me?” Someone grumbled over the phone.
“Don’t put it like that, Tina. I’ve been busy at work recently. I called you the second I got some free time,” Matt
said with a smile. He was a professional when it came to coaxing women.
“Humph! At least you remembered to call me. So, why are you actually calling?” Tina smiled.
“Because I miss you so much, of course! Why else?” Matt teased.
Tine chuckled mirthlessly. “Right. I’m hanging up if you won’t tell me the truth.”
“Hold on, hold on. I do have a favor to ask you.” Matt cleared his throat. “My business ran into some financial issues recently, so we need some money to turn things around. Would you like to invest in us?”
“How much do you need?” Tina asked back.
“Not much. About three billion dollars.” Matt answered with a smile.
“Three billion isn’t a lot? You’re Joking, right?” Tina’s voice went up an octave.
“To others, it may be a lot. But you’re the daughter of the Hummer family, the prettiest and most talented woman in Swinton. Three billion can’t be much for someone like you.”
Tina was pleased with all the flattery. After all, who didn’t like to hear their lover praising them?
“I don’t mind getting you the money, but you have to tell me why.” Tina stated.
“To tell you the truth, someone ruptured our capital chain, and I have a feeling that the Harmon family was the
one who did it,” Matt answered bluntly.
“You and the Harmon family had always kept a wide berth. Why would they do something like that to you?” Tina asked curiously.
1/2
Chapter 217
“Because of Dustin Rhys!”
Matt briefly explained everything to her.
“What? You threatened that psychopath?” Tina shrieked.
“That’s right! That shameless bastard tried to humiliate our family, so I had to teach him a lesson. I’ll destroy his family with your investment!” Matt fumed.
“Are you a fucking idiot? Why would you try to piss that psycho off?”
“Why are you so afraid? He’s just a country bumpkin. I’ll get rid of him easily.” Matt declared confidently.
“In your dreams, you moron! Don’t drag me along your death quest!”
With that. Tina hung up the phone.
###Chapter 218 by Marina Vittori
“Hello? Hello!” Matt held his phone by his ear with a dumbfounded expression. All he did was mention Dustin’s name. Why did Tina sound so frightened?
Matt had no idea that Tina was still traumatized from the time Dustin slapped her. What’s worse was that instead of getting her revenge, she had been forced to grovel for Dustin’s forgiveness, which was nothing less than an utter embarrassment and a terror for her.
Although she was bitter about it, she couldn’t lay a hand on Dustin because her family didn’t dare seek revenge before her brother returned.
Dustin was someone who could defeat a martial arts master like Mr. Milfroy with ease. If someone like him
were to go crazy, he could destroy the entire Hummer family in a heartbeat! Because of this, they didn’t dare seek revenge, and Tina shook in fear every time someone mentioned Dustin.
“What did Ms. Hummer say, Matt?” Phineas saw his son in a daze and asked.
“Fuck! That bitch is terrified of Rhys. There’s no way she’ll lend us money.” Matt scowled.
“The daughter of the Hummer family is scared of that brat? Is it because of the Harmon family?” Phineas
pondered aloud.
“Possibly.” Matt nodded, thinking hard. He couldn’t think of any other reason.
“This is bothersome…” Phineas frowned. “Our family is doomed if we don’t get any money soon. We might
have to beg for that brat’s forgiveness.”
“Beg for his forgiveness? Fuck, no!” Matt yelled. “Why should we lower our heads to someone like him? I’d
rather suffer than beg!”
“Don’t be rash, Matt!” Phineas warned gravely. “He has the Harmon family to support him, and now, he has Roderick Brooks‘ support as well. We’ll sink further if you do anything to him!”
Alas, those words failed to reach Matt, who has lost repeatedly to Dustin recently. Today’s incident only fueled his anger, and his hatred toward Dustin peaked.
“Matt, leave this matter to me. You should take a break for the next two days. Just don’t get into any trouble.” Phineas instructed his son seriously, who didn’t reply as he began to plot his revenge.
Soon, night fell.
Inside Midnight Rose, Dahlia downed shot after shot in a corner.
Lyra sat beside her, her face full of worry. This was the first time she saw Dahlia like this.
Dahlia refused to return to the company or care about what was going on, completely abandoning her strong woman character and letting herself go.
Lyra heard that it was because of Dustin, but was it worth it?
Chapter 218
“Please stop drinking, Ms. Nicholson. Let’s go back. Your mother is worried about you.” Lyra implored.
“Leave me alone. I want to keep drinking. All my worries disappear when I’m drunk.” Dahlia chuckled
humorlessly before chucking another shot down her throat.
She didn’t know what to do. She was under constant pressure because of her family and had to fight her
feelings for Dustin at the same time.
Dahlia knew she misunderstood him, but she didn’t know how to explain herself. Actually, it’d be more accurate to say that she was terrified of seeing Dustin’s heartless expression, so she decided to use alcohol
to numb herself.
She may be a capable leader in the business world, but when it came to her personal feelings, she realized she was an utter failure. Even though she knew that she had been the one who misunderstood Dustin, her pride wouldn’t let her apologize. Instead, she expected Dustin to step forward and request a reconciliation.
“So this is where you are, Dahlia.”
Matt entered the bar and spotted the two ladies immediately.
“Mr. Laney, you’re here. Please stop her. Her body can’t take it if she drinks so much!” Lyra quickly stood up and greeted Matt, whom she called. She felt that Matt was a much better option than Dustin.
*Please get her some water, Lyra. I’ll talk to her,” Matt assured with a smile.
“Thank you, Mr. Laney.” Lyra nodded and darted off.
“Why are you drinking so much, Dahlia?” Matt asked with a concerned expression.
“It’s none of your business. Go away!” Dahlia’s eyes were hazy, but her tone was colder than ever.
Matt’s smile froze for a second before he recovered himself.
Without anyone noticing, he slipped a pill into her wine and smiled. “You still want to drink, don’t you. Dahlia?
Let me join you.”
He poured another glass for Dahlia. Dahlia, who was already tipsy, didn’t notice anything wrong and downed the glass without a word. Soon, her head became heavy and her vision blurred, making her sway.
“Mr. Laney, I think Ms. Nicholson is drunk.” Lyra returned just then.
“It’s a
alright. I’ll send her home now. Her family’s worried sick.” Matt promised with a kind smile.
“Alright. Thanks, Ms. Laney.” Lyra didn’t think too much about it and helped carry Dahlia into Matt’s car. Since the car only had two seats, she could only watch as the car’s headlights disappeared.
“Humph! You’re finally in my arms. You like acting high and mighty, don’t you? Well, I’ll have some fun with you tonight.” Matt smiled sinisterly and headed straight to the hotel.
###Chapter 219 by Marina Vittori
Meanwhile, at Peaceful Medical Centre, Dustin was reading a book in silence when a Maybach pulled up at the door. The car door opened, and Phineas came out holding some gills.
“Mr. Rhys.” Phineas entered the building with a smile, no longer carrying the arrogance he had when they first met.
“Do you need me for something?” Dustin glanced at the other man indifferently. “Mr. Rhys, I’m really sorry about today’s incident. Please forgive us for being so ignorant.” Phineas smiled apologetically.
He finally understood that there was more than meets the eye when it came to Dustin, who had the support of the Harmon family and the friendship of Big Bucks Brooks. If Phineas wanted to borrow three billion dollars, he had to first get Dustin’s forgiveness.
“How could a nobody like me make the Laney family apologize?” Dustin replied, unconcerned.
“What are you talking about, Mr. Rhys? You’re young but talented. We admit defeat proudly. Please give us a way out.” Phineas bowed his head. However, Dustin didn’t respond. Gritting his teeth, Phineas fell to his knees.
with a thud.
“Mr. Rhys, please accept our family’s sincere apologies. As long as you give us another chance, you’ll be our honored guest forever! I’m willing to offer a third of–no, half of our property as an apology.” Phineas quickly bowed lower, surprising Dustin, Dustin admired the older man for having the courage to put his pride aside to
apologize.
“What should we do about the death of Caitlyn’s cat?” Dustin asked coldly.
“We’ll pay her back! We get her as many cats as she wants!” Phineas frantically vowed.
“Dusty’s dead. It doesn’t matter how many cats you get.” Caitlyn murmured sadly next to Dustin.
“Did you hear that? I don’t mind forgiving you, but you offended Caitlyn.” Dustin shrugged.
“I’m so sorry. Ms. Lawler. I swear I won’t do it again! Please forgive me this once. I’ve learned my mistake!” Phineas quickly dragged himself to Caitlyn without getting up, and he began to apologize.
“I forgive you on the condition that you never do anything evil again!” Caitlyn declared gravely.
“Definitely! I’ve learned my mistake.” Phineas nodded frantically, having no choice but to lower his head
toward them.
“Since Caitlyn forgives you, I’ll let this matter go. You better remember your promise. Hall of your properties.” Dustin reminded calmly.
“Of course. As long as the Laney family is able to pull through, they’re yours!” Phineas dared not .
Dustin hummed. He was about to say something else when his phone started ringing.
Dahlia was calling him.
Chapter 219
Muffled noises could be heard as soon as he picked up.
“Let me go. I want to go home.” Dahlia demanded weakly.
“What do you mean ‘go home“? Look at how pretty Estelle Hotel is. Let’s keep drinking there.” Matt cackled.
“You can go alone. Piss off.”
“Fucking slut! You better appreciate the chance I’m giving you. You don’t have a say in this. You’re drinking tonight. Get in!”
As the phone fell to the floor, the cursing became softer until it completely faded away.
Dustin’s face darkened immediately, and the air around him became unbelievably cold.
“What’s wrong, Mr. Rhys?” Phineas shivered.
A loud slap rang out as Dustin struck Phineas across the face, causing the latter to fall to the floor. “You motherfucker! You better hope your son didn’t make a mistake, or I’ll destroy your entire family!” Dustin opened the door and dashed out.
###Chapter 220 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?” Phineas covered his cheek with a hand, dumbfounded. Meanwhile, inside a room in Estelle Hotel, Dahlia was lying strewn across the bed, nearly unconscious, her head heavy and her body weak.
Matt stood next to her, grinning wickedly as he admired her voluptuous figure. “Dahlia, I have to admit. You sure are a beauty.” He tsked.
“Your looks and figure are perfect. I’ve fucked countless women, but none were as charming as you. Naturally, I’m the perfect man for you. How dare Dustin Rhys try to claim you as his! But don’t worry, you’ll be mine after tonight.”
Sneering, Matt began to unbutton his shirt before remembering something. He pulled out his phone and
panned the camera toward Dahlia.
“I nearly forgot to record our wonderful night. I promised Dustin that I’d send him a video of us making love. Men don’t break promises.” Matt grinned excitedly.
“You despicable, shameless bastard! I’ll throw you to jail if you touch me!” Dahlia seethed feebly.
“If you don’t mind others seeing the video, go ahead. I don’t mind. So what if I have to go in for a few years? At least I get to fuck you. Still, there’s no need for us to take things that far. You’ll just have to marry me after
tonight. That way, you’ll be able to protect your reputation while having the honor of being fucked by me. Isn’t that a great deal?” Matt sniggered confidently.
“In your dreams, fucker! I’d rather die than marry a hypocritical asshole like you!” Dahlia tried to get up several
times but flopped back to the bed pathetically each time. Soon, her face flushed from the exertion, and the
drug was still doing its job.
“Huh?” Matt’s expression hardened. “Are you still thinking of that loser right now? I don’t get it. How is he
better than me? Why do you keep thinking of him?”
“He’s better than you in every way. You don’t even deserve to compete with him!” Dahlia fumed.
“He’s a fucking nobody. If someone hadn’t supported him, do you think he would have made it to where he is.
today? That dickhead ruined my plans so many times. I swear I’m going to kill him one day!” Matt snarled.
“I’ll kill you if you touch a hair on his head!” Dahlla swore, her expression ferocious.
“You’re still protecting that asshole? I better teach you a lesson!” Matt tugged his belt off and began to lash out at Dahlia. “You whore! I’ll kill you! You beller say that I’m the best and that I’m the man you want!”
Soon, Dahlia’s fair skin turned bloody as whip marks littered her body. Still, she kept silent, digging her teeth into her lip stubbornly.
“Fuck! You’re stubborn, eh? I’ll fuck you up tonight!” Infuriated, Matt yanked his clothes off and lunged toward her.
As he was tearing at Dahlia’s clothes, the room door flew open with an ear–splitting boom, and a formidable figure stormed in murderously.
Instantly, the freezing wind whistled in, and lightbulbs exploded.
###Chapter 221 by Marina Vittori
Bang! As the room door was kicked open, the lightbulbs in the room exploded simultaneously, shattering into pieces of glass, and an ominous chill blanketed the room.
“Who the fuck is it? Who’s ruining my fun?” Matt spun around, scowling. He was unable to identify the person due to the sudden darkness in the room.
“Matt Laney, you have a death wish!” An icy voice growled as the shadow approached. The moonlight peeked through the window, and Matt saw the other person’s face. It was Dustin!
“It’s you!” Matt’s expression changed, and he hastily pulled out a handgun from the bedside drawer. He yelled.
“You imbecile! I haven’t paid you back for ruining my plans so many times, yet you approached me first!”
“Dustin? Hurry up and go. Don’t care about me — Dahlia cried out weakly. When she saw Dustin, she thought she’d finally be saved, but she never expected that Matt would have a gun, so she instantly panicked.
“Weren’t you talking so big, dipshit? Ha, you still have to admit defeat to our family. I guess you’re scared now,
eh?” Matt raised his gun and sniggered. “You better grovel if you don’t want to die, or I’ll send a bullet straight
through your head!”
“Grovel? As if you’re worthy of that.” Dustin glared at the other man.
“Worthy?” Matt grinned maniacally and fired two shots near Dustin’s feet. “I don’t want you to just grovel. I’ll fuck your woman right in front of you!”
“Y–you shameless bastard!” Dahlia’s chest rose and fell violently as she fumed. However, because of the
drug, her flushed face looked more alluring than ever.
“So what? I’ll have my fill with you before dealing with that brat!” Matt declared.
“I planned to finish you off in one go, but I changed my mind.” Dustin approached calmly, his overwhelming presence making it hard for Matt to breathe, and Matt’s hand began to tremble uncontrollably.
“Stop right there! You better stop, or I’ll fucking shoot your Matt yelled.
However, Dustin continued his way forward as if he hadn’t heard the other man.
“You’re dead meat!” Matt gritted his teeth and aimed the gun at Dustin’s head before pulling the trigger.
Ear–splitting bangs rang out as the chamber was emptied of bullets. However, Dustin had disappeared.
Abruptly, he appeared less than two feet away in front of Matt.
“You-”
Startled, Matt tried to jerk backward, but Dustin grabbed his hair and slammed his head into the wall with bang. Matt immediately passed out, his head bleeding.
“D–Dustin Now that the danger had passed, Dahlia’s body finally relaxed, and she fell into slumber.
10
Chapter 221
Dustin glanced at the fallen man and pulled out his phone to call someone. 15 minutes later, Hunter and a
dozen bulky men walked into the room.
“Mr. Rhys, here are the men you wanted.” Hunter said politely. These men were not only large, but they were also studs who only had an interest in pretty boys.
“Good job.” Dustin nodded in approval before waking Matt with acupuncture.
“W–what are you guys doing? I’m warning you. I’m the heir of the Laney family, so you won’t get away if you do something to me!” Matt began making threats as soon as he woke up.
“Mr. Laney, I purposely asked these men to serve you. Enjoy.” Dustin gestured with his hand, and the men instantly pulled Matt away, beaming sinisterly.
“Let me go!” Matt paled, terrified.
“I’m sorry, Dustin! Please forgive me! I won’t do it again!” Matt shrieked before being hauled into a car. All that awaited him was pain and misery.
“Mr. Anderson, tell your men to take good care of him. I want him to suffer as much as possible!” Dustin ordered coldly.
“No problem!” Hunter promised before leaving. Matt’s ass was going to be gaping after tonight for what he did to Dustin’s woman.
After everyone left, Dustin walked over to the bed and began applying ointment to Dahlia’s wounds.
“Dustin. I–I’m sorry…” Dahlia finally mumbled the long–awaited apology dazedly. Dustin’s body stiffened. and a sense of loss glinted in his eyes. After a second, he shook his head and continued applying the
ointment.
All of a sudden, the door opened again with a boom. Florence, James, and many others barged into the room. their faces darkening as they spotted Dahlia’s unconscious body.
“Rhys! How dare you touch my daughter, you despicable man! I’ll kill you!” Florence darted forward to slap Dustin, but the man grabbed her hand with ease.
“What? Are you going to strike me back? You disgusting asshole!” Furious, Florence kicked Dustin in the shin
instead. The man frowned but didn’t fight back.
“Call the police right now! We need to arrest this motherfucker!”
“That’s right! A hypocritical asshole like him should be in jail!”
Several people shouted, and James pulled out his phone to call the police.
“It doesn’t matter whether you believe me or not, but this has nothing to do with me,” Dustin stated. indifferently.
“Bullshit! Why would she be here if you didn’t kidnap her?” Florence shouted, glaring at him.
“Exactly! Everyone here can tell that you were planning to do something nasty to her!”
“You dare to defend yourself even though we caught you in the act? I guess you refuse to give in until the end!”
The crowd threw out accusations indignantly as they glared at Dustin like they wanted to skin him alive. They were disgusted that Dustin stooped so low because he couldn’t have Dahlia.
“Whatever. I didn’t do anything wrong anyway.” Dustin shook his head and got up to leave. He knew that these people wouldn’t believe him if he tried to explain himself anyway.
“Hold right there. Who said you could leave? You’re not stepping out of this room without explaining everything!” James put himself between Dustin and the door, but with a shove from the latter, James went tumbling to the ground.
###Chapter 222 by Marina Vittori
“You fucker!” James got up and was about to spew insults when he realized that Dustin was already gone. Damn it! That kid’s lucky he got away, or I’d have taught him a lesson!”
“He can’t run away forever! After doing something like this, I’ll make sure he stays in jail for the rest of his life!* Florence gritted her teeth. “That’s right! You can’t let him go!” Julie and the others quickly agreed. Dustin had gone too far!
“Hmm Just then, Dahlia began to wake up. “You’re finally awake!” Florence lit up. “How do you feel?”
“What are all of you doing here, Mom?” Dahlia rubbed her aching temples, her memory was a mess.
“Lyra called and told us that you might be in danger, so we hurried here. Thank God we made it in time, or Dustin would have raped you!” Florence got angry again.
“Dustin?” Dahlia frowned, seeming to have recalled something. She asked, “Where is he?”
“Don’t worry. We chased him away.” Florence reassured Dahlia.
“That’s right. We called the police too. We’ll catch that asshole!” James nodded.
“Why would you arrest him? He was the one who saved me!” Dahlia blurted.
“What? He saved you?” Everyone was shocked to hear that. Exchanging incredulous looks with each other. confusion was written across their face
“You’re kidding, right, Dahlia? He can’t be the one who rescued you. We clearly saw him touching you and was about to do something nasty!” Florence obviously didn’t believe Dahlia.
“She’s right, Sis. He tried to take your clothes off while you were unconscious!” James fanned the flames.
“We can all testify that Dustin was the one who did it!” Julle and a few others agreed.
Dahlia shook her head frantically, which made her alcohol–ridden head heavier.
“Who else could it be? There were only two of you in this room when we came in,” Florence said.
“It was Matt Laney, that bastard!” Dahlia struggled to organize her memories.
“You must be drunk, Dahlia. Matt’s a decent man. There’s no way he’d do something like this.”
“Sis, did Dustin slip you a drug? Is that why you’re so confused?”
“I heard that some drugs can cause hallucinations. That must be why your memory got jumbled up.”
One after another, the people in the room refuted what Dahlia said, making her doubt herself.
“Did I really remember wrongly? But how could that be?” she thought. Staring at her injuries, she had a hard time believing that Dustin was the one who did this.
1/2
Chapter 222
“Hey, there’s a phone here, and it’s recording a video.” Julie spotted the phone on the television cabinet and brought it over.
“It must be that asshole’s!” Florence fumed. “He was even planning to record himself assaulting Dahlia! How disgusting!”
“There’s no way that brat can defend himself now that we have this evidence!”
“We have to put that guy in jail!”
The crowd began to hurl insults at Dustin.
“It can’t be. Dustin wouldn’t do that Dahlia shook her head, unable to accept that.
“Why are you still defending him, Dahlia? Why do you still have feelings for that asshole? I’m telling you, Matt’s the better man for you. He’s leagues above Dustin! I’ll show you Dustin’s true colors right now!” Florence yelled and began the playback, showing exactly what happened. By the time they reached the middle of the video, everyone had frozen in dismay.
“Matt Laney?” Florence was rooted to the spot as she stared in disbelief at the man violently assaulting Dahlia
in the video.
Everyone else’s jaws had dropped as well. Never in their dreams would they have imagined that the person who kidnapped Dahlia and tried to assault her would be Matt, a respectful man from a noble family.
How could this be possible?
However, the video was right before their eyes. It turned out that the despicable person had been the “decent”
man, Matt, instead of Dustin.
Everyone’s faces began to burn in shame as they recalled what they had said just now, and they fell silent.
“I told you it wasn’t Dustin, but none of you believed me! How about now? Who’s the despicable person? Who’s the hypocritical asshole now? I’m sure all of you should know.” Dahlia cried exasperatedly.
“I might have made a mistake, but so what? You two were once married, so it’s his duty to protect you. We didn’t ask him to do that! Besides, why didn’t he explain himself? We wouldn’t have misunderstood if he had.” Florence insisted stubbornly, having no intention of apologizing.
“Explain himself? Dahlia chuckled mirthlessly. “Would you have believed him if he had?”
“That’s up for us to decide, but it’s his fault for not explaining. He had it coming!” Florence defended herself.
“That’s right! He deserved it! James agreed. So what if they misunderstood a loser?
“All of you are incorrigible!” Dahlia was utterly disappointed.
She staggered to her feet and bumped past the two of them to run out. She wanted to stop Dustin from leaving. Unfortunately, by the time she reached the hotel entrance, he was already nowhere to be found.
###Chapter 223 by Marina Vittori
At the Laney villa. Phineas paced back and forth in the living room, looking extremely anxious. It was the break of dawn, but he hadn’t slept a wink since he lost contact with Matt, who left at midnight. It was as if Matt had vanished into thin air.
Phineas sent a group of bodyguards to search, but there was still no news of Matt, which told him that something was wrong.
Suddenly, someone’s car beeped at his door. He glanced outside and saw a black SUV parked outside.
The car door opened, and a figure wrapped in a burlap sack was dumped out as the car drove away.
“Huh?” Confused, Phineas nodded to the bodyguards at the entrance, who quickly opened the sack to reveal a
naked man with a swollen nose and bruised body.
“Dad …The young man opened his eyes dazedly and cried out hoarsely.
“Matt?” Phineas was flabbergasted. “W–what happened to you?”
“It was Dustin Rhys H–he
Matt burst into tears. No one knew what he’d been through last night. There had been many times when Matt wanted to kill himself but couldn’t bring himself to do it. He had no idea how he pulled himself through the agonizing pain.
“Don’t cry. Tell me what happened. I’ll take care of it!” Phineas quickly told his men to bring Matt inside.
Because of the adrenaline shots he received. Matt was still conscious despite his injuries. So, under his
to finish, withholding some details.
father’s questioning, he told Phineas everything that happened from 5/
“That bastard! How dare he do that to you! He’s gone too far!” Phineas slapped the table furiously. A shiver went down his spine every time he thought of what Matt had to endure.
“Dad. I want you to tear him to pieces, no matter the cost!” Matt seethed loathingly.
“Matt, that asshole is being protected by the Harmon family and the Brooks family. It’ll be hard to deal with
him.” Phineas considered.
“Do you expect me to pretend like nothing happened?” Malt scowled, his eyes bloodshot. “I want my revenge
no matter what!”
“Fine, I’ll avenge you!” Phineas decided to light after seeing how miserable his son looked. As long as he was willing to pay a hefty sum to hire a killer, getting rid of Dustin should be easy.
Suddenly, someone knocked on their door. Phineas signaled for the guards to open the door, and three men strolled into the house. One of them wore a dated suit while carrying a cane with a dragon head attached to it. He was followed by Hunter and a burly man with an overwhelming aura.
“Who are you?” Phineas was puzzled,
“Dad!” Matt pointed at Hunter. “That’s the guy who helped Rhys!”
He could clearly recall the man watching him get ravaged.
1/3
Chapter
“So you’re Dustin Rhys‘ men. Are you here to apologize?” Phineas growled.
“Well, it doesn’t matter if you grovel. There’s no way I’ll forgive that punk!” Phineas‘ expression was murderous. What happened last night would be his nightmare for the rest of his life, so he had to avenge Matt.
“Apologize?” The old man in the suit smiled faintly. “You’re mistaken. I’m here to collect a debt.”
“A debt?” Phineas sniggered. “With just the three of you? You’re delusional!”
He clapped his hands. Immediately, a few dozen ferocious and bulky men engulfed the villa. Phineas had been prepared since Matt went missing, and it came in handy now.
He chortled. “You didn’t expect this, did you? You’ve fallen into my trap! I’ll make sure none of you make it out
alive today.”
“How dare you!”
The strong man flung out his arm at lightning speed, and Matt immediately went flying.
“How dare you hit someone on my tur!! You’re dead meat!” Phineas was outraged. Just as he was about to
order his men to attack, a gold badge landed near his feet with a clink.
He picked it up and froze in terror at the sight of the majestic five–clawed golden dragon emblem on the front of the badge. On the back of the badge, “Rhys” was engraved in bold.
In Dragonmarsh, the five–clawed dragon meant utter domination, while “Rhys” was the pinnacle of power. Many people shared the same surname, but there was only one family that held the Emblem of Drakon.
That family incurred fear from countless others, and no one dared to challenge them.
“The Rhys Drakon Emblem! W–who are you?” Phineas gripped the badge with both hands, his body began to shake, and beads of sweat ran down his forehead.
“You must be blind! This is Sir Albert Horst!” The large man hollered.
“Albert Horst?” At the sound of the name, Phineas immediately paled in fear.
Not many knew of that name, but that man had a popular nickname–the Executioner!
He had an infamous reputation for being the human butcher who sliced people like butter.
There were three great generals in the Rhys family–the Executioner, the Sword Whisperer, and the Drunken Maniac. Each one of them was enough to shake the country.
The Executioner, Alfred Horst, was the strongest of them all. He was so terrifying that kids would cry at the mention of his name. Rumor had it that he had his first battle when he was 18 years old and ended up slaughtering tens of thousands of foes.
His cruelty and violence earned him the title of the Great Executioner. After he started working for the Rhys family, not many got to see him, but his reputation did not diminish in the slightest. This was because he was the one who got rid of anyone who offended or threatened the Rhys family.
Not many knew what he looked like because the majority of those who saw his face were already dead.
His ruthlessness made him the leader of the three great generals. And he terrified the officials in Dragonmash. Everyone knew that once the Executioner visited someone’s home, that family would never see daylight again.
Still, Phineas couldn’t understand what he’d done that led the Executioner to his home.
###Chapter 224 by Marina Vittori
It was at that moment that Phineas felt pure terror. Who would have thought that the plain old man in front of him was the Executioner?
Why had the Executioner visited them personally? “How dare you hit me!” His head spinning, Matt pulled himself up and roared. “You’re dead! It’s over for all of you! Men, finish them off!”
“Stop!” Phineas yelled before falling to his knees before the old man. He frantically begged. “Sir Albert, we don’t know what we’ve done to incur your wrath, but please forgive us.”
“Have you gone crazy, Dad? Why are you groveling?” Matt was in disbelief. He didn’t understand why his dad was begging the old man for forgiveness when they were on the winning side.
“What do you know, you moron! We can’t afford to mess with them, so hurry up and kneel!” Phineas frantically
signaled Matt.
“I’m not kneeling!” Matt looked around maniacally. “What do you mean we can’t afford to mess with them? There are only three of them. We’ll be able to drown them with just the piss of our men alone!”
“Y–y–you dumbass! Do you have any idea what you’re saying? This is the Executioner we’re talking about!” Phineas‘ face was ashen. In front of the Executioner, they were merely ants waiting to be squashed.
“What executioner? I’ve never even heard of him! He’ll still die today even if he’s God!‘ Matt shouted arrogantly.
Alfred chuckled when he heard that. “Interesting. I almost don’t wish to kill you now.”
“You think losers like you can kill me? Arrogant bastards!” Matt sniggered. Last night’s events had twisted him inside, and he yearned to let that hatred out.
“It’s over. Everything’s over.” Phineas collapsed onto the floor, his face pale. Why did he have to have such a stupid son? How could Matt hurl insults at the Executioner?
“You’re trying to compete in numbers? Alright, then. Let’s see who has more men!” The large man waved his arm, and synchronized footsteps were heard immediately.
Soon, armed men charged into the place from all directions, surrounding everyone instantly.
The guards were fully geared up and donned black masks. Their gazes were sharp, and they gave off at murderous aura that made people turn their heads away instinctively from fear.
The Laney family guards were nothing compared to these men.
No words or threats were exchanged, but clangs rang out as the Laney family’s guards, who were terrified by
the new arrivals, threw their weapons down and stood aside.
Matt froze at the sight of the geared men, his haughtiness vanishing rapidly, and terror took its place.
What happened? Where did all those men come from?
“Aren’t we competing by numbers? Who has more men now?” The bulky man waved again, and the men drew
1/2
Chapter 224
their swords in unison, overwhelming everyone with their presence.
Matt felt the strength leave his legs, and he collapsed to the ground.
“Sir Alfred, please go easy on us!” Phineas crawled toward Alfred and begged. “My son has lost his mind and
doesn’t know what he’s doing. Please spare his life!”
“Then, you’ll have to die in his stead.” Alfred drew a sword from the burly man’s back and threw it to the floor.
Calmly, he said. “Only one of you can live. Make your decision.”
###Chapter 225 by Marina Vittori
In the morning, at the airport. Edwin and Tina waited in front of a Rolls–Royce Phantom. “Dad, we’ve already been waiting for two hours. Why isn’t Joshua here yet?” Tina glanced around, looking anxious.
“It’s normal for flights to be delayed. Let’s wait it out a little longer. Edwin looked calm. Last night, he’d suddenly received a call from Joshua, saying he’d completed his refinement, which meant he was now the Hummer family’s trump card.
As they spoke, a young couple exited the airport. The man was handsome and dignified, giving off an air reminiscent of a sharp blade, making one unable to look him in the eye. The woman beside him was dressed in red and equally outstanding. She was beautiful, elegant, and looked powerful.
“Dad, he’s here!” Tina’s eyes lit up with excitement. She’d been eagerly anticipating his return.
“Josh, you’re finally back!” Edwin approached him with a bright smile.
“Sorry to keep you waiting, Dad.” Joshua smiled and gestured to the woman beside him. “Allow me to introduce you to Jade Grant, my fiancée.”
“Jade Grant?” Edwin looked taken aback before asking tentatively. “Is she the third daughter of the Grant family?”
“Yes, that’s right.” Joshua smiled.
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Hummer.” Jade nodded.
“Yes, yes, nice to meet you, too. As expected of a daughter of the Grant family–you’re the very embodiment of beauty and grace!” Edwin looked delighted. He never would’ve expected his son to be able to win the Grant family’s favor. The five wealthiest families in Millsburg were known as the Fabulous Five, but there were three other families even more powerful than them–the Tremendous Three. The Grant family was one of them. If the Hummer family could form an alliance with the Grant family through Joshua’s marriage with Jade, they’d have a bright future ahead!
“Dad, why did you summon me home so urgently? Joshua asked when they were all in the car. He’d just completed his refinement the night before when he’d been told to return immediately.
“I hate to say this, but Swinton has a new kid on the block. He’s powerful beyond our expectations and has defeated all my men. Our family’s been having a tough time recently because of him. I had no choice but to summon you home.” Edwin sighed, looking helpless.
“Exactly! You have no idea how obnoxious he is, Joshua. He even beat me up on my birthday over the smallest
things!” Tina started to complain. “Look at what he did to my arm–I’ve yet to fully recover! I’ve never been
treated like this in my life. You have to get back at him for me!”
“Who is this guy? How dare he bully a member of the Hummer family!” Joshua’s face darkened, and a
menacing aura surrounded him.
“His name is Dustin Rhys, and he’s not someone to be taken lightly,” Edwin said. “He also has the Harmon family backing him up.” Edwin said.
“The Harmon family?” Jade chuckled lightly. “They’re only one of the Fabulous Five–they don’t hold much
1/2
Chapter 225
“Y–you’re not keeping your fucking word! You said you’d let me live, Horst! Why? Why?!” Matt wailed bitterly. However, the only reply he got was the strike of a cold blade.
As they stepped out of the villa, Alfred asked abruptly, “How many members are then in the Laney family’s main lineage?”
“The report says 35 of them,” the burly young man replied.
“I see. Well, get rid of all of them.”
###Chapter 226 by Marina Vittori
In the morning, at the airport. Edwin and Tina waited in front of a Rolls–Royce Phantom. “Dad, we’ve already been waiting for two hours. Why isn’t Joshua here yet?” Tina glanced around, looking anxious.
“It’s normal for flights to be delayed. Let’s wait it out a little longer. Edwin looked calm. Last night, he’d suddenly received a call from Joshua, saying he’d completed his refinement, which meant he was now the Hummer family’s trump card.
As they spoke, a young couple exited the airport. The man was handsome and dignified, giving off an air reminiscent of a sharp blade, making one unable to look him in the eye. The woman beside him was dressed in red and equally outstanding. She was beautiful, elegant, and looked powerful.
“Dad, he’s here!” Tina’s eyes lit up with excitement. She’d been eagerly anticipating his return.
“Josh, you’re finally back!” Edwin approached him with a bright smile.
“Sorry to keep you waiting, Dad.” Joshua smiled and gestured to the woman beside him. “Allow me to introduce you to Jade Grant, my fiancée.”
—
“Jade Grant?” Edwin looked taken aback before asking tentatively. “Is she the third daughter of the Grant family?”
“Yes, that’s right.” Joshua smiled.
“Nice to meet you. Mr. Hummer.” Jade nodded.
“Yes, yes, nice to meet you, too. As expected of a daughter of the Grant family–you’re the very embodiment of beauty and grace!” Edwin looked delighted. He never would’ve expected his son to be able to win the Grant family’s favor. The five wealthiest families in Millsburg were known as the Fabulous Five, but there were three other families seven more powerful than them–the Tremendous Three. The Grant family was one of them. If the Hummer family could form an alliance with the Grant family through Joshua’s marriage with Jade, they’d have a bright future ahead!
“Dad, why did you summon me home so urgently?” Joshua asked when they were all in the car. He’d just completed his refinement the night before when he’d been told to return immediately.
“I hate to say this, but Swinton has a new kid on the block. He’s powerful beyond our expectations and has defeated all my men. Our family’s been having a tough time recently because of him. I had no choice but to Summon you home.” Edwin sighed, looking helpless.
“Exactly! You have no idea how obnoxious he is, Joshua. He even beat me up on my birthday over the smallest things!” Tina started to complain. “Look at what he did to my arm–I’ve yet to fully recover! I’ve never been treated like this in my life. You have to get back at him for me!”
“Who is this guy? How dare he bully a member of the Hummer family! Joshua’s face darkened, and a menacing aura surrounded him.
“His name is Dustin Rhys, and he’s not someone to be taken lightly,” Edwin said. “He also has the Harmon family backing him up,” Edwin said,
“The Harmon family?” Jade chuckled lightly. “They’re only one of the Fabulous Five–they don’t hold much
1/2
weight. If you need any help, Mr. Hummer, just say the word.”
“It’s unnecessary for the Grant family to get involved in something as menial as this.” Joshua said calmly. Now that I’m back. I won’t allow anyone to challenge the Hummer family’s authority–not even the Harmon family!”
‘Josh, have you have you
have you had a breakthrough?” Edwin asked tentatively.
“Yes, I have. I’ve now achieved divinity!” Joshua smiled proudly.
“A divine–level martial artist?” Edwin was delighted. “That’s great! I knew you wouldn’t let me down!”
Joshua was probably the only divine–level martial artist in all of Swinton. Low–level martial artists were no match for divine–level martial artists–they could refine their martial arts prowess, but physical abilities could only take one so far.
###Chapter 227 by Marina Vittori
Divine– level martial artists, on the other hand, could manifest their energy externally and use it to harm or even murder others without anyone realizing it. Low–level martial artists weren’t even in the same league as them. Even in Millsburg, where powerful martial artists converged, divine–level martial artists were existences to fear. It was no wonder Joshua had won the Grant family’s favor–how could he not when he possessed such talent and potential? Which family wouldn’t want to have something to do with him?
“Dad, are divine– level martial artists truly that powerful? How will Joshua fare against Dustin?” Tina asked curiously.
*Joshua can destroy that brat with a snap of his fingers!” Edwin said proudly. “That’s great! Joshua, you have to teach him a good lesson on my behalf!” Tina said excitedly.
“There’s no hurry to deal with Dustin–he’s a weakling that can be slaughtered at any time. What’s more important now is that we have to give Joshua and Jade a proper welcome.”
“You’re right. Let’s head home.”
At this moment, at Peaceful Medical Center. Dustin received a call from Ruth. “Dustin, something’s happened at Harmon Pharmaceuticals. You’ve gotta get over here right now.”
“Something’s happened? What is it?” Dustin asked curiously.
“A bunch of people suddenly showed up and demanded that we partner with them for the production of Immortunol,”
“Is that so? Where’s your sister? I’ll leave the decision up to her.”
“She went to Millsburg last night and won’t be back so soon. In any case, she was the one who told me to call you, saying that you had the last say.”
“Alright, then. I’ll be right there.” Dustin hung up and drove to Harmon Pharmaceuticals. When he arrived. twenty minutes later and strode into the conference room, he saw some people already seated inside. Jessica, Quentin, Ruth, and Mr. Wangley sat on the left, while a distinguished man was on the right.
“Dustin, you’re finally here. Have a seat, quick.” Ruth stood up and gestured for him to sit. The others looked at. him coolly.
“What’s going on here?” Dustin glanced around curiously.
“I have a question for you,” Jessica said. “I heard Natasha gave you 50 percent of the shares for Immortunol. Is that true?”
“Yeah,” Dustin nodded.
“Glad to hear that. Now, hand the shares over,” she said coolly.
“What? Why?” Dustin was taken aback.
“Because you don’t deserve them.” Jessica didn’t mince her words. ‘The Harmon family handles everything from the production, sales, and marketing for Immortunol. You don’t contribute anything to this process–why should you deserve 50 percent of the profits? Don’t you think you’re being a little too greedy?”
“Mrs. Harmon, there must be a misunderstanding somewhere. Ms. Harmon was the one who decided that the shares-”
Jessica cut him off with a wave of her hand. “That’s enough! I don’t want to hear it. Hand the shares over if you know what’s good for you; at least you’ll be able to walk out of this unscathed.”
“Does Ms. Harmon know about this?” Dustin narrowed his eyes slightly. He knew what was going on now- they’d obviously tricked him here to snatch the ownership of the shares away from him.
“It doesn’t matter whether she knows. This has to do with our family’s interests; her word isn’t the only one that matters. Rest assured that we’ll compensate you handsomely for this. We’re willing to pay you 50 million dollars if you hand over the shares.” Jessica looked like she was talking about something inconsequential.
“Hey, just hand them over when we tell you to and stop fucking around!” Quentin said impatiently.
“What if I refuse?” Dustin’s expression became icy.
“Then you won’t leave this room today!” Quentin slammed a hand on the table. The next second, a group of security guards barged into the room, circling Dustin with menacing looks.
###Chapter 228 by Marina Vittori
“What, are you gonna resort to physical violence?” A cold smile curved Dustin’s lips at the sight of the security guards surrounding him. He’d always been the type who was open to persuasion, not coercion. Perhaps he would’ve given in to them if they’d talked to him nicely, but if they wanted to opt for physical violence he didn’t mind teaching them a lesson or two, well.
“So what if I am? Don’t think too highly of yourself, you brat!” Quentin snarled. He’d always harbored a grudge against Dustin for humiliating him at their first meeting. If not for Natasha keeping him in check, he would’ve exacted revenge on Dustin ages ago. Now that Natasha wasn’t around, it was his chance to get payback!
“Quentin, don’t take things too far!” Ruth couldn’t stand it anymore. “It’s up to Dustin whether he wants to sell the shares. If you dare do anything to harm him, I won’t let you off the hook!”
“Ruth, this has nothing to do with you. Keep your nose out of this! Quentin didn’t back down. “Why, you- “Ruth was about to say something else when Jessica stopped her.
“Dustin, a wise man knows how to adapt to the situation. You can’t hoard all those shares for yourself, so cough them up when we’re asking nicely, Jessica said. “Many people have gotten into trouble not because of things they’ve done but because they possess things that shouldn’t belong to them. With your identity and ability, you’ll only get yourself into more trouble if you keep these shares.”
“Is that a threat, Mrs. Harmon?” Dustin cidn’t bat an eye.
“It’s a piece of advice. One should know their limits–do you think you would’ve achieved what you have if not for my daughter protecting you?” Jessica looked at him contemptuously.
“I won’t deny that Ms. Harmon has given me plenty of help, but I didn’t rely on anyone to get to where I am now,
Dustin said coldly. “As for Immortunol, I think there’s something you need to get straight–I provided the formula and was the first to develop it successfully. I don’t care about the shares, but that doesn’t mean I’ll
allow you to push me around like this!”
“How dare you!” Jessica slammed a hand on the table and shot to her feet. “Dustin, I’ve tried to play nice with
you. Don’t push me!”
“Who’s pushing who?” Dustin retorted. “When the Hummer family successfully developed and marketed
Eternumax, the Harmon family had nothing and no way to compete with them. I was the one who helped you
make it past that crisis, yet here you are, burning bridges as soon as you get the chance. Is this how ungrateful the Harmon family–or certain family members, at least–is?
“Why, you- Jessica fumed. She didn’t expect a brat who relied on the Harmon family’s protection to rebuke
her like this.
“Aunt Jessica, don’t waste your breath on this brat. All we need to do is capture him; I have plenty of ways to make him give in!” Quentin fanned the flames.
“Mom, don’t do anything rash. If you lay a hand on Dustin, Natasha won’t ever forgive you!” Ruth warned.
Jessica stiffened. Ruth’s words made her stop to think for a while. Her relationship with Natasha was already strained; if she were to go ahead with this, Natasha would probably sever ties with her.
1/3
Chapter 228
At this moment, the man who’d been sitting opposite Jessica and the others spoke. “Mrs. Harmon, I thought it would be easy for you to retrieve the shares, but it seems I was wrong.”
“And who are you?” Dustin gave him a cold look. He’d noticed this man as soon as he’d stepped into the conference room. He supposed this guy was the cause of Jessica’s sudden interference.
“The name’s Williams, Brody Williams. I’m from Boulderthorn Guild; my father’s the second–in–command,” the
man said coolly.
“Mr. Williams is your father, huh?” Dustin raised an eyebrow in surprise. He’d met Oliver Williams earlier, it
seemed Brody was his brother.
“I’m sure you know how powerful the Boulderthorn Guild is.” Brody lit a cigarette and took a drag. Then, he waved a hand around and said arrogantly. “So, you’re left with two options–either you hand over the shares and take the 50 million or make an enemy out of me.”
“I won’t give the shares up unless Ms. Harmon personally asks me to.” Dustin said coolly.
“Excuse me?” Brody’s expression became frosty. “Do you know what you’re talking about, you brat? Have you thought about the consequences you’d bear if you make an enemy out of the Boulderthorn Guild?”
“Firstly, you don’t represent the Boulderthom Guild. Secondly, so what if I make an enemy out of you? Do you
think the Boulderthorn Guild runs the world?” Dustin didn’t bat an eye.
“I admire your audacity, brat. It’s been a while since someone had the nerve to speak to me like that. Still you’ll have to pay for your arrogance! As for the rest of you.” Brody grinned menacingly as he turned to Jessica and the others. “If you don’t want to make an enemy out of the Boulderthorn Guild, you’d better show me some of your sincerity in forming an alliance. If this brat refuses to give us ownership of his shares, you’re the ones who’ll have to cough it up. Either way, we’re definitely getting our hands on 50 percent of
Immortuncl’s shares!”
Jessica’s expression changed at his words, as did the others. Il Dustin refused to hand over his shares, he’d drag the rest of them down with him. Boulderthorn Guild was backing them into a corner.
“I’ve already said everything there is to say: I’ll leave the final decision in your hands. See you around.” Brody
snorted and stood up.
“Hold it!” Dustin said.
“What, changed your mind already?” Brody sneered. “I thought you were a tough cookie, but it seems you’re a bigger pushover than you look.” Then again, it made sense. How many people in Balerno dared to stand up
against the Boulderthorn Guild?
“At least you haven’t lost all sense of rationality. Dustin. We could’ve avoided all this hassle if you’d just. agreed to it earlier.” Jessica heaved a sigh of relief. Not even the Harmon family wanted to get on the
Boulderthorn Guild’s bad side.
Quentin scolled. “So you were just pretending to be a tough guy. You had to give in to the Boulderthorn Guild in the end anyway, didn’t you? Stop acting like you’re such a big shol.” The way he saw it, Brody only had to threaten Custin a little to make him pee his pants.
“Brody Williams from the Boulderthorn Guild, right?” Dustin slowly got to his feet. “Do you think you own this
2/3
Chanter 228
place, coming and going as you like? Did you bother asking me for permission?”
“What?” Brody raised an eyebrow, “What’s that supposed to mean, brat?”
“Do you think you can march in here, act all high and mighty, then leave whenever you want? What made you think you could do that?” Dustin gave him the stink–eye.
Brody snorted and pointed at his face. “What, do you wanna start a light or something? Go on, then. I dare you
to lay a punch on me, you-”
Before he finished his sentence, he was sent flying by a crisp slap to the face. He spun a few times midair before landing headfirst in a gigantic vase in the corner. It was large enough for his whole body to fit inside. leaving his feet sticking out of the mouth,
Jessica and the others were stunned to see that. Their jaws dropped, and silence descended upon the room.
###Chapter 229 by Marina Vittori
Nobody expected Dustin to suddenly get physical and attack someone from the Boulderthorn Guild. Had he lost his mind?
“Dustin, are you out of your mind? How dare you attack Mr. Williams‘ son! Do you have a death wish?” Jessica glared at him with a mixture of shock and fury. Attacking Brody was equivalent to issuing a challenge to the Boulderthorn Guild.
“You may have a fucking death wish, but the rest of us don’t! Mr. Williams isn’t someone you can afford to offend!” Quentin bellowed. Though he wanted nothing more than for Dustin to get in trouble, that didn’t mean he wanted to perish with him.
“Dustin, you’ve really done it now!” Even Ruth looked panicked. The Boulderthorn Guild was much too
powerful; even the Harmon family wouldn’t survive a retaliation from them,
“He’s nothing but a piece of trash. What does it matter if I’ve attacked him?” Dustin said coolly.
“You–you’re so thickheaded!” Jessica glared daggers at him.
At this moment, Brody had finally managed to free himself from the vase. Compared to his previous dignified appearance, he looked disheveled, with his face red and swollen from the slap and being stuck in the vase. How dare you lay a hand on me, you brat!” he bellowed. pointing at Dustin. Never in his life had he been on the receiving end of a beating: he was always the one beating people up.
“So what if I did? Do you really think no one has the nerve to teach you a lesson just because you throw Boulderthorn Guild’s name around like it means nothing?” Dustin scoffed.
“You’re fucking dead!” Brody’s blood boiled. He raised a list and swung it at Dustin, Earlier, Dustin had
managed to get him because his guard was down; now that he knew what to expect, he wouldn’t losel
Dustin snorted and caught his fist easily before kicking him in the stomach. Brody howled in pain and bent
over, falling to his knees as the pain coursed through him. He curled into a ball on the floor.
“Dustin, stop it!” Jessica’s expression changed drastically. Wasn’t it enough that he’d attacked Brody once? He was digging his own grave by doing it again!
“Fucking hell! Capture that psycho!” Quentin roared. At his words, the security guards in the room whipped our electric batons and held them up threateningly.
“I’d like to see you try!” At this moment, Natasha barged into the room. Her domineering aura was
overpowering enough to make everyone stop what they were doing.
“Natasha, thank goodness you’re here.” Jessica said grimly. “This man was obnoxious enough to attack a member of the Boulderthorn Guild in public. He’s unforgivable!”
“That’s right! We’ll only be keeping a ticking time bomb around if we let him go. I say we get rid of him right here and now,” Quentin snarled.
“I’ve already heard about everything that’s happened today. I don’t think Dustin did anything wrong.” Natasha said calmly.
“What?” Jessica was taken aback. “Natasha, have you lost your mind? How can he not have done anything wrong when he attacked a member of the Boulderthorn Guild?”
Natasha said calmly, “He had valid reasons for doing so, Brody was throwing the Boulderthorn Guild’s weight around to coerce us into giving up what belonged to us. Doesn’t he deserve to be beaten up? If everyone were to throw their weight around and use a measly amount of money to purchase our shares, we might as well.
just give them Harmon Pharmaceuticals for free!”
The others had nothing to say in retort.
###Chapter 230 by Marina Vittori
Buying 50% of the shares with 50 million dollars was like robbing.
It was that they didn’t want to displease Boulderthorn. Therefore, relatively speaking, they could only sacrifice Dustin. With that, they didn’t really need to pay the price and could also take the opportunity to be on friendly
terms with Boulderthorn.
However, they didn’t expect that Dustin would be so unyielding. Not only did he refuse to hand over the shares. but he also attacked Brody, Plus, Natasha also happened to be strongly supporting what he had just done
after she hurried back. Everything was such a mess that they couldn’t resolve the situation.
“Natasha Harmon! Break his arms and legs right now! This is an order! If not, we won’t have mercy on the
Harmon family!” Brody stood up and staggered to his feet with a sullen look.
“Mr. Williams, I’m sorry, but I can’t do it.” Natasha spoke calmly. “Boulderthorn is indeed powerful, but the Harmon family isn’t weak either. Nobody is able to harm the family easily.”
“So, are you trying to set yourself against Boulderthorn because of him?” Brody gritted his teeth.
“Dustin is the Harmon family’s quest. It is our responsibility to protect him. If Boulderthorn still insists, you’ll
have to defeat me first.” Natasha was uncompromising.
“Very well! Since you must stand in our way, do not blame us for turning against the Harmon family!” Brody threw a note to Natasha, which threw down the gauntlet, and said fiercely, “My father had said that if you refuse to agree, we’ll meet at the battle ring. We will settle things with deathmatches!
“If you win, the Boulderthorn will never speak anything about it again. However, if you lose, you must hand over Immortunal’s shares! This is your only chance. I challenge you!” Brody exuded an intimidating aura, He
looked like he was sure to win.
“Why not? I will accept it. You’ll decide on the time and venue.” Natasha did not bat an eye.
“We’ll have the battle at Williams Dojo tonight, at eight,” he said coldly and left immediately.
“Natasha Harmon! Have you lost your mind? How dare you provocate Boulderthorn just because of this little boy toy?” Quentin was flustered and exasperated.
“Boulderthorn’s connections were more important than that country bumpkin!” he thought.
“It is not your place to interfere with my decisions,” Natasha sneered, “Do you think I don’t know who involved Boulderthorn in this?”
“You” Quentin, shifty–eyed, looked guilty because of her accusations.
“Natasha, Boulderthorn is one of the most powerful guilds in Balerno. You’ll put yourself in trouble.” Jessica
knitted her brow.
It would be difficult to predict what would happen once the battle started. If they lost the battle, they needed to give the shares away, and it would also bring the Harmon family into disrepute.
“Mr. Williams himself is powerful indeed, but that doesn’t mean we don’t stand a chance of winning against
them.” Natasha replied.
“Win? But how? Skills and strength aside, we don’t even have enough people to fight, Jessica grumbled.
Natasha wasn’t worried about her concern. “Who said so? I’ve already invited an expert from The Hundred Immortals.”
“The Hundred Immortals? Who is it?” Jessica asked. She was desperate for the answer.
Natasha didn’t reply directly. She clapped her hands, and an old man with gray hair and a hawked nose strode out quickly. He was wearing a black shirt with a tall and muscular physique. He made no sound when he walked, exactly like a ghost.
“Is this the King of Kicks, who was ranked ninth among The Hundred Immortals?” Quentin couldn’t help but gasp at the old man’s presence.
The Hundred Immortals, especially those ranked in the top ten, were all equipped with powerful skills. The King of Kicks, ranked ninth, was famous for his kicks. He had worked on his legs for years. His kicks were second to none.
Quentin once saw The King of Kicks flip a car by kicking it casually. There was no doubt that he was extremely skilled.
###Chapter 231 by Marina Vittori
The conference room was in an uproar after the hawk-nose elder came in. Everyone looked at him with a sense of respect after knowing he was the King of Kicks, whether they knew him or not. After all, he was the expert who was ranked ninth in The Hundred Immortals. Not anyone would have the chance to meet him, even once in a lifetime.
“You actually invited the King of Kicks? ‘Jessica was surprised. She didn’t expect Natasha to bring a master from The Hundred Immortals back after returning from Millsburg.
It was known that the King of Kicks was an arrogant man. It wasn’t easy to invite him. Natasha probably made much effort to get him to agree to come to Swinton.
“There were lots of people eyeing Immortunal these days. Of course, I had to take precautions as soon as possible. This is also our chance to lure the tiger out of the mountains,”
Natasha said impassively. She had always been keeping an eye on what Boulderthorn was up to. That was why she had made preparations earlier.
“We need at least three people for a battle. With King of Kicks, we still need two.” Quentin burst the bubble. Although the King of Kicks was very skillful, he was still unable to fight with more than one person himself.
“You can count me in if there aren’t enough people.” Dustin volunteered himself. He wouldn’t sit on his hands as he was the culprit.
“You? Who do you think you are? You don’t deserve to fight for the Harmon family,” Quentin scorned. “Will you be going instead?” Dustin mocked. Quentin was at a loss for words. He couldn’t think of something to refute right away.
“This is an important battle. You’re not even a real doctor. You better not be in this just to go along for the ride.” Jessica glanced sideways and said calmly, “I think Mr. Wangley and Mr. Chapman are safe choices. With their assistance, the King of Kicks will definitely exert his skills better.”
“Dustin, you had just beaten Brody up. They might be aiming for you. It would be better if you don’t take the risk,” Natasha comforted him.
Although she knew Dustin was quite skillful, Boulderthorn wasn’t easy to deal with. She didn’t want to put him in danger by joining the battle.
“Alright. It’s your decision.” Dustin smiled and didn’t insist. After confirming the list of names joining the battle, Mr. Wangley stepped forward and paid his respects to the King of Kicks, “Sir Cavaliere, I wish us good cooperation!”
The King of Kicks snorted, “I never work with anyone. I can win the battle just by myself. You weaklings, just stand aside and watch.”
Mr. Wangley frowned. “Sir Cavaliere, even though you are the King of Kicks and have excellent skills, it will still be tough for you to fight a crowd. Besides, I am also one of The Hundred Immortals. It is true that my ranking is lower than yours, but I don’t think I am that weak compared to you.”
“You? How dare you compare yourself to me?” The hawk-nosed old man gave him a disdainful look.
“Sir Cavaliere, don’t sell me short!” Mr. Wangley’s temper grew. He had always been looked up to. He was never disregarded.
“What? You don’t accept the fact?” The hawk-nosed old man sneered, “For someone like you, you can be proud of yourself if you could stand just one of my kicks.”
“Great! I’d love to experience your skillful moves!” Mr. Wangley couldn’t stand it anymore and attacked.
“Amateurs.” The King of Kicks held his hands behind him and delivered a kick like a lightning bolt. Mr. Wangley clenched his fist and hit his leg. The King of Kick’s leg and Mr. Wangley’s fist hit each other. There was a bang.
Mr. Wangley was drawn back by force. His arm was dislocated right on the spot. Blood surged up his face, and he grew weak.
“You…” He opened his mouth, and before he was able to speak, blood spurted out from his mouth. His face turned pale immediately.
“Can you see the difference now? To be honest, I didn’t even use half of my strength on that kick,” the old man said arrogantly. “What?” Mr. Wangley was shocked. His face fell.
###Chapter 232 by Marina Vittori
The King of Kicks made Mr. Wangley spurt out blood without even using half his strength. If he did it with full strength, Mr. Wangley would probably die on the spot.
Were experts from the top tenths of The Hundred Immortals so scary? “Brilliant! King of Kicks, you’ve just blown our minds!” Quentin was surprised at first, then put up a smile and blew the King of Kicks with flattery. He thought that if he could be on good terms with masters like the King of Kicks, he could solve problems easily in the future with his help.
“Mr. Wangley, are you okay?” Natasha frowned slightly. One of their allies was hurt before the battle even
started. She thought that the King of Kicks had gone too far.
“I’m okay.” Mr. Wangley wiped off the blood at the corner of his mouth and paid his respects. “King of Kicks, I
expected no less from you. I concede defeat from the bottom of my heart.”
“At least you know your limits.” The old man raised his head with a sense of arrogance and defiance.
“Alright. Everyone, time to go back and prepare. We cannot afford to lose tonight’s battle!”
Everyone left right after Natasha gave the order.
As Boulderthorn intentionally spread the news of the battle. Williams Dojo was already crowded with people at 7 pm. Everyone interested in martial arts came to watch the battle. People were dueling at the battle ring before it started. They were excited about the battle.
Dustin and Ruth were the first to enter the dojo. They sat and waited at the seats.
“Rhys, why are you here?” Dustin heard a familiar voice beside him. He turned and saw Julie approaching him
with a crowd of young people.
“You’re here. Why can’t I?” Dustin said calmly.
“Julie, who is this?” a muscular man beside Julle asked.
“Otto, this is my ex–cousin–in–law. My cousin dumped him since he’s useless.” Julie demeaned Dustin intentionally.
“Oh, I see.” Otto sized Dustin up and mocked, “Such slim arms and legs, what a sissy. No wonder no woman
wants him.”
“If I’m a sissy, are you a chimpanzee? Dustin asked coolly.
“Chimpanzee?” Everyone was stunned by the statement and looked at Otto. He was a hairy man with tanned skin. He actually did look like a chimpanzee. However, they recovered from the thought quickly.
“Hey! What do you mean? Otto is such a line–looking man–he doesn’t look like a chimpanzee at all!”
“Do you know who he is? He’s the kickboxing champion of our city! Show some respect!”
“That’s right! Look at your arms and legs; Otto could easily break them!”
The crowd clamored aggressively. Otto put on a gloomy face due to Dustin’s comment. “You! You savage! Stop being a smart mouth. Let’s have a battle and fight like a man!”
“I’m not interested in that,” Dustin rejected without hesitation.
“Not interested? I bet you are afraid,” Otto sneered, “Don’t worry. I won’t be beating you to death since we can learn from each other from fighting.”
Dustin replied nothing. Julia macked, “Rhys, aren’t you cocky? Why are you afraid of Otto? You don’t even dare to fight with him.”
“I can just fight with one of my hands if you are afraid. Or only with my legs, if you like. How is it? I dare you!”
Otto provoked.
“Such a coward! He doesn’t dare to fight with Otto even if he’s only fighting with his legs!”
“Definitely! What a shame to us men!”
“Why don’t you just be a woman?”
The crowd of young people laughed as if they had just listened to a hilarious joke.
###Chapter 233 by Marina Vittori
Dustin was speechless by the clamoring crowd. “Where did these psychopaths come from?” he thought. They looked like they had just gone insane and were howling and shouting nonstop, like dogs.
“Hey, enough!” Ruth, who was sitting beside them, couldn’t stand it anymore. “Gosh, there’s a beauty here!” Otto’s eyes lit up with a burning desire. Her outstanding figure and visuals attracted him.
“Hey beautiful, you should break up with such a coward. He’ll probably be busy saving his own life when you’re in danger,” Otto taunted.
“Exactly! You should find a boyfriend like Otto. Look at his muscles. It’ll make you feel secure!” the crowd jeered.
“He’s so tanned and ugly. Why would a woman like a man like him?” Ruth snorted with a contemptuous look.
“Hey, what nonsense are you talking, you little bitch! Watch your mouth!”
“Damn it! I’ll probably beat you up if you are not a woman!”
The crowd grew angry after listening to what she had said.
“Enough. Don’t bother her. She’s just a woman. We should act like gentlemen.” Otto held his hand up to stop them from arguing, acting like a gentleman. He didn’t want to lose his manners in front of a beauty like Ruth.
“Dustin, I thought you were hiding your light under a bushel. It turns out that you are a good–for–nothing after all. You’re such a wimp. You only dare to pick up a fight with people weaker than you and even rely on women to protect you. There’s no doubt why Dahlia had to dump you!” Julie scoffed and shooked her head. Her upper lips curled with disdain.
“He didn’t even dare to accept the battle with Otto. How useless!” she thought.
“Are you done? If yes, get as far away from me as you can. You’re so noisy and irritating, buzzing non–stop like a fly.” Dustin stuck his finger in his ear. He thought she was so noisy.
“You” Julle gritted her teeth. Her face flushed. She glanced at Otto and acted coquettishly toward him. Otto, have you heard what he had just said? He said I am a fly! How could he?”
“Insolence! How dare you say something like that to my girl! Apologize immediately, or don’t blame me for being rude!” Otto’s face fell. He had always disliked Dustin, but he never had the chance to make a fuss about it. It was perfect timing for him now as he had the reason to do so, which was to protect Julie, his girlfriend.
“Apologize? Do you think you’re worthy of that?” Dustin sneered. He looked like he was looking at an Idiot.
“You! You better give up before it’s too late! I’ll show you the power of a kickboxing champion!” Otto was mad. He said nothing more and attacked.
He made a small step and jumped, preparing to attack with his stealth allack, Hot Knees. That movement of his was strong but cool at the same time. The opponent could easily be deleated if targeted precisely. It was
1/2
Chapter 233
the best movement for fronting.
“Such badass! Otto!”
“Did you see that? This is Otto’s masterstroke! He’s unstoppable!”
“One must stay as far away from him as possible when he uses Hot Knees!”
The crowd was flattering Otto when he had just started his movements.
However, the next moment, Otto’s body, which was still in midair, was flipped by Dustin with a smack and hit the ground. He took a huge spill and was lying on the ground, motionless, like he was dead.
“Otto!” They were stunned by the scene. They didn’t expect Otto, a kickboxing champion, to be defeated by just
one move. It was insane.
“How weak.” Dustin dusted his hands off and sat down. He thought that he could finally be in peace.
“Otto! Otto!”
The crowd of young people quickly helped Otto up after they realized what had happened. They tried waking him up by slapping and pinching him.
###Chapter 234 by Marina Vittori
After struggling for a while. Otto gradually regained consciousness. Since he’d fallen face–first. he had lost his front teeth, contributing even further to his disheveled appearance. “What happened?” He shook his head, confusion lining his features.
He remembered the surge of power he felt as he reveled in his mastery barely seconds ago before weakness seized him, and he found himself lying on the floo
“Otto, you were knocked out by that guy just now!” Julie told him, her expression strange. She’d initially thought Otto would be able to defend her–contrary to her beliefs, the first punch found him sprawled on the
floor, unconscious the next instant.
“Knocked out?” Otto was slightly taken aback. He touched his throbbing face, an argument bursting forth.
Fuck that! I must have slipped and lost my balance. That brat would never have been able to hurt me
otherwise!”
His declaration elicited a flurry of nods through the crowd.
“That’s right! With Otto’s strength, it would’ve been beyond effortless for him to take that guy down. If it hadn’t been for a moment of carelessness on his part, how else could that guy manage to sneak in an attack?”
“Exactly! Otto must’ve been careless and didn’t dodge it on time!”
Otto’s strength and skills were common knowledge among them all. After more than a decade of professional kickboxing training and championship titles under his belt, his capabilities were unquestionable. If it hadn’t been for him underestimating the opponent, he would never have been taken down in just one move.
“Oh, just admit that you lost and move on. What’s the use in trying to make all sorts of excuses for yourself? With your mediocre martial arts skills, you wouldn’t even be able to hold your own against Dustin even if he only used one hand.” Ruth rolled her eyes.
She’d never seen anyone so shameless–his defiance and feigned bravado despite having been taken down squarely by the opponent irked her to no end.
“Hey! Don’t talk to me like that!” Otto glared in response. “People make mistakes. Hell, even the strongest. horses stumble. You think that little brat is impressive? You think he’s better than me? Fine! Let him fight me again–fair and square. I, for one, am interested in seeing what he’s capable of.”
“What he said! If you have the guts, let Rhys fight Otto in the battle ring and see who’s the real man!” Julie and
the others chimed in.
At the end of the day, all of them were convinced that Dustin had only won out of sheer luck. When it came to
strength and pure skill, Otto reigned superior.
“What? Do you not have the guts to face me like a man?”
The longer Dustin remained silent, the more arrogant Otto became. “I knew it! That brat had always been all
talk and no show. He would never be able to stand up to the challenge!”
“He only knows how to attack when someone’s back is turned. He’s evidently too much of a coward to fight.
1/2
head–on. Guess that’s the most people like him can ever achieve anyway.”
Disdain took over the room instantly. Any surprise they’d initially felt was soon replaced by contempt. To them. Dustin’s reluctance to rise to Otto’s challenge was the greatest sign of his quilt.
“Look! The Harmons are here!” someone exclaimed out of nowhere.
The rest of them followed the direction of their gaze, only to behold a group led by Natasha entering from the passageway on the left.
The King of Kicks, Mr. Wangley, Stephan, Jessica, and Quentin, among others, were present as well.
“No way! I didn’t think they’d bring Mr. Chapman along today. Now that they did, they must be determined to win!” Otto’s face was a picture of surprise when he caught sight of Stephan in the crowd.
“Who’s Mr. Chapman? Is he a good fighter?” Julie asked tentatively.
“He is much more than that,” Otto began. “Mr. Chapman is the best of the best. He’s one of the best among The Hundred Immortals–skill–wise, it’s hard to find someone in Swinton who can rival his abilities!”
“The best among The Hundred Immortals? No wonder his aura stands out! The way he carries himself is truly remarkable.” A group of disciples watched Stephan make his entrance fervently, their eyes gleaming with
respect.
After all, anyone who could make it into The Hundred Immortals demanded every shred of respect they could possibly offer.
Otto, do you know Mr. Chapman?” Julie asked with interest. It was, undoubtedly, an honor to be acquainted with such a renowned master of martial arts in Swinton.
“Do I know him? I don’t just know him–I had the privilege to learn a few tricks from him, and I’m still reaping the benefits from his invaluable lessons today!” Otto’s voice dripped with pride.
“Of course you did! To have learned from Mr. Chapman is such an incredible achievement in itself. I envy you!”
“No wonder you fight so well, Otto. The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree, indeed!”
The praises lavished upon him made Otto feel rather high and mighty.
As they were still engaged in conversation, Stephan walked over suddenly.
“Otto! Here comes Mr. Chapman! He seems to be walking toward you!” Julie said with excitement.
“Quick! Prepare to welcome Mr. Chapman properly!”
Otto’s face lit up. He adjusted his clothes hastily and went up to Stephan with the rest of his followers.
“Mr. Chap-” he began fawningly.
Unexpectedly, Stephan barely spared him a single glance. Instead, he sidestepped him and, under the watchful and somewhat astonished gaze of the bewildered group, the renowned master walked up to Dustin, raised his arms in the universal gesture of respect, and intoned gravely, “Greetings, Mr. Rhys-“
###Chapter 235 by Marina Vittori
“Mr. Rhys?” Otto and his company were entirely dumbfounded by Stephan’s display of respect toward Dustin. Never in their wildest dreams had they ever anticipated the renowned Mr. Chapman to have come forward specifically for Dustin, let alone greet him with such reverence..
What was happening? “Mr. Chapman, it’s been a while. Your abilities seem to have improved.” A quick glance from Dustin drew his attention to the differences he spotted in the other man almost at once.
“It’s all thanks to the Gemiphen you gave me, of course. Not only did it heal my internal injuries, it gave me ample power to have a small breakthrough.” Stephan’s face was filled with gratitude.
“Really? I suppose congratulations are in order, then.” Dustin smiled faintly.
“Mr. Rhys, where you’re sitting now doesn’t seem befitting for your status. How about we head over to the reserved seats for the Harmon family?” Stephan gestured with one hand, still courteous as ever.
“Very well. This place is infested with flies anyway. I’d rather sit amidst humans–less tiresome.” Dustin nodded, not refusing the offer.
Just as they prepared to leave, Otto couldn’t help but speak up. “Mr. Chapman-”
“What?” Stephan turned, his expression cold. The way he treated Otto was the complete opposite of when he’d been conversing with Dustin earlier.
“Mr. Chapman, I’m Otto Marsh. We met before, and you gave me a few pointers too.” Otto attempted to turn the
situation in his favor.
“I’ve given pointers to a lot of people. As for you–I have no recollection at all.” Stephan left after replying
dismissively.
Otto stood paralyzed, awkwardness creeping up his features. To have boasted for so long only to be brutally rejected was humiliating beyond words.
“Who’s that little brat anyway? How could he turn out to be acquainted with Mr. Chapman?” someone asked.
“He looks like a pretty boy taken in by Ms. Harmon. If it hadn’t been for his relationship with the Harmons, Mr.
Chapman would never stoop down to this level otherwise, let alone treat someone like him so respectfully!”
Julie said indignantly.
“After all that fuss, he turns out to be nothing but a leech, basking in the glory of the Harmon family. To think that I, for a second, genuinely believed him to be someone important!” Otto released a sigh of relief, though his
expression was contemptuous.
There was no glory in depending on women to climb the ranks. A real man depended on no one else but himself and his own strength!
“Finally, Come sit.” As Natasha caught sight of Dustin, she immediately patted the seat next to herself,
1/2
Chapter 235
signaling for him to sit.
Dustin didn’t hesitate either. He gracefully took his seat and said, “Boulderthorn is well–prepared this time. I advise you to be more cautious.”
Natasha had yet to reply when Quentin, who was sitting beside her, scoffed. “Don’t worry about it. With the King of Kicks on our side, victory is guaranteed to be ours!”
“If that is indeed the situation, I suppose it couldn’t be more perfect, then.” Dustin smiled lightly and said no
more.
Amid the low hum of conversation, another group emerged from the right passageway. At their very front was a man about thirty years of age, clad in white. The man’s eyebrows were sharp, his demeanor commanding along with those strongly piercing eyes. The crowd parted around him easily, allowing his presence to stand out with minimal effort.
This man was the principal disciple of Mr. Williams, Maximus Kane. Behind him, Brody Williams and his tropes followed as well.
As soon as the two sides met, tensions rose immediately.
“Ms. Harmon, I admire your courage to rise to my challenge, but today, victory belongs to none other than Boulderthorn!” Brody was the first to speak..
“Words are futile. Prove it to me with your actions if you really believe so.” Natasha returned indifferently.
“I will! Today’s fight will be something else–there shall be no limits on the number of rounds and participants. The last person standing in the battle ring is the victor. How does that sound?”
“I have no ions to that.” Natasha nodded. In order to make it count, they had to make the other party submit to them wholeheartedly.
Upon reaching an agreement, both sides began their preparations.
Shortly after, the first match commenced.
Boulderthorn was the first to mount the ring. Their first contestant was an exceedingly heavyset beast of a man. Every step he took sent shudders down the loosely–hanging flesh on his body.
The sight of him was rather comical, to say the least.
When he climbed up the battle ring and took his position, he even held the leg of roasted mutton in one hand. his teeth tearing into the meat voraciously.
###Chapter 236 by Marina Vittori
“What’s going on with Boulderthorn? Why would they send that chunkster on stage? With his physique, he’ll be out of breath after taking just a few steps–can he even handle the Battle Royale?” Quentin scoffed.
“Don’t underestimate the opponent. Since Boulderthom dares send him into the ring, he must have some extraordinary qualities that could potentially push the tide in their favor. Which one of you wants to go first?”
Natasha asked the three of them. “Ms. Harmon, let me handle the first round.” Stephan stood and strode into the battle ring. Among the three of them, his strength appeared to be the weakest. Because of that, it was only natural that he took the lead. After all, if he could secure their victory in the first match, he might as well have laid the foundation for their eventual win,
“Dustin, who do you think would win? Ruth asked curiously.
“It’s hard to tell. The chunkster looks peculiar enough, but if Mr. Chapman can find his weaknesses and attack. focally, he might still stand a chance.” Dustin analyzed.
“Hmph! That’s so close–minded!” Quentin pursed his lips. “What right does he have to fight against Mr. Chapman? A few rounds of simply running around, and he’ll be as good as dead!”
Dustin did not argue against that. Instead, he fixed his gaze on the battle ring, seemingly deep in thought.
Meanwhile, in the battle ring, both parties prepared themselves as the referee mounted the stage.
“There are no rules in this ring. Live or die–that’s on you. Surrendering, severe injuries, death, or being thrown out of the ring will result in a loss of said round. Do the both of you understand?”
The referee threw his hands down as soon as the two contestants nodded.
“Let the games begin!”
With a frenzied shout, the atmosphere around the ring instantly surged to a new peak.
“I’ve long heard about the many talents cultivated under the lead of Mr. Williams. I’m honored to be able to
witness them with my own eyes today!”
After a firm salute, Stephan took a step forward and launched his first attack.
The strategy he elected was to take control of the fight and exhaust his opponent. As the man’s physique was beyond massive, his strength was apparent. Direct attacks were not a smart option if he wanted to last in the
ring.
To be on the safe side, he had to fully leverage the advantages of his lightweight body and the subsequent agileness it inevitably brought him.
Stephan inched closer toward his opponent but did not launch a frontal attack. Instead, he rounded to t back of the chunkster and slapped him on the back.
The
A crisp slap rang out, but the chunkster stood unmoving. Throughout his body, his flesh rippled and trembled shudderingly. The force brought down by Stephan’s palm had been completely dissipated by the violent
1/2
Chapter 2.36
shudders of flesh, leaving the man completely unaffected by its magnitude.
“So, this is what it is then?” Stephan’s gaze narrowed, but he didn’t stop. He delivered two more sharp,
consecutive slaps–one to the chunkster’s waist, the other to his back. Both of them landed on spots that
should’ve been vulnerable had it not been for the protection of his voluminous flesh and body fat that shielded
him from even remotely sensing the impact of Stephan’s punches.
Contrary to what Stephan expected, his opponent paid him no heed despite his efforts to garner his attention. From the start, he simply chewed on the roasted mutton leg he held in one hand, completely disregarding Stephan’s presence.
Stephan was beginning to get mad. His palms transformed into brutal fists that pounded wildly from top to bottom in rapid succession. The series of punches he launched after that was almost crazed and merciless. and yet the chunkster continued devouring the mutton leg with the fervor of a famished man.
Stephan’s pride, having suffered the fall it did, transmuted into wild fury. As his rage suffused him, he delivered
a swift kick to the mutton in the chunkster’s hands and watched with satisfaction as the man turned to him.
stunned at first.
Then, a roar followed as he charged toward Stephan with astonishing speed, his actions reminiscent of a
distraught bear.
A moment of carelessness had him colliding head–on with the chunkster’s advance–his body air–bound the
next moment and his gut churning.
Midair, the chunkster’s head struck him squarely in the chest, sending him flying even further, a mouthful of bright–red blood spilling from his lips.
Before he knew it, he was already on the ground, thrown out of the battle ring before he’d even gotten the chance to retaliate.
###Chapter 237 by Marina Vittori
“How could this happen? Mr. Chapman lost?” Quentin’s face was slack with shock as he beheld Stephan’s injuries and the blood he was still coughing up as a result of the man’s attack. He’d never anticipated the strength the chunkster had shown–not even Mr. Chapman could rival that kind of power.
“Who is that chunkster? Not even Mr. Chapman could break through his defenses-
Natasha’s face grew serious. She was well aware of the extent of Stephan’s capabilities. He was a martial artist who specialized in harnessing the body’s internal energy, and his punches were enough to break through store.
And yet, for someone of his expertise to have not been able to impact the other man in the slightest–it was evident that his opponent would not be easily defeated by ordinary means alone.
“If I’m not mistaken, he’s Mr. Williams‘ second disciple. They call him Rotund Tiger.”
Mr. Wangley stroked his beard and said nonchalantly. “This person might seem simple–minded, but the talent he possesses when it comes to martial arts is extraordinary. His body is capable of both attack and defense- it’s tough yet flexible. It’s very difficult for someone unfamiliar with his fighting style to take him on successfully.”
“Mr. Wangley, can you take him on?” Natasha asked in return.
“I can’t guarantee a win, but I think I have an eighty to ninety percent chance of holding my own against him.” Mr. Wangley’s tone was proud.
“Good. Please do your best then, Mr. Wangley.” Natasha nodded imperceptibly.
“Mr. Wangley, the man’s weakness lies on the crown of his head. If you time your attacks well and seize the opportunity when it presents itself, you might be able to take him down in one strike!” Dustin spoke up
suddenly.
It’d only taken him a single round to discern the opponent’s vulnerable spots.
If they wanted to win, it was crucial to strike where the opponent was the weakest–not only would that ensure an easy win, but it would also further guarantee their overall victory.
“What? Are you trying to tell me what to do?” Mr. Wangley peered at Dustin out of the corner of his eye, his
tone displeased.
“I’m just offering a friendly reminder.”
“A reminder? Do I look like I need your reminders? Mr. Wangley sneered. “Who do you think you are, boy? What right do you have to tell me how to take this man down? Do you think you’re stronger than me?”
“Dustin! Shut your mouth if you don’t know what you’re talking about. Does Mr. Wangley look like he needs
your advice to win? Really, it’s about time someone put you in your place for a change!” Quentin was equally
impatient.
“If you don’t believe me, it’s your call. Forget it, then.” Dustin shrugged. There was no point in trying to reason
with them anyway. He’d only thought to offer a suggestion out of pure goodwill. Since none of them
Chapter 237
appreciated it, he wouldn’t scramble to make them listen, either.
‘Little brat! Keep your eyes wide open and look at how it really is done!” Mr. Wangley turned and sprang away. leaving Dustin with those words. The older man scared into the battle ring like a proud eagle, landing steadily amid the feverish applause from the audience.
Someone whistled, raucous cheers erupting all over in response to Mr. Wangley’s elegant move.
The chunkster, however, paid him no attention. He picked up the fallen mutton leg and continued devouring it vehemently.
“Young man, that Adamantine Shield of yours is undeniably impressive, but unfortunately, you’re faced with me tonight. It is only fate for you to end up as my stepping stone!” Mr. Wangley placed both hands behind his back, arrogance permeating his features.
“Chunkster! Knock this old man out of the ring, and I’ll treat you to a whole roasted lamb in return!” Brody shouted from the audience.
“Lamb… lamb!”
The chunkster’s eyes lit up as he turned to Mr. Wangley. At present, it was not a renowned fighter who stood. before him but the promise of a fragrant, whole roasted lamb.
“Defeat you eat lamb!” He struggled to utter a few words from his limited vocabulary before launching his first attack. With a stomp, the chunkster charged toward Mr. Wangley like the sputtering engine of a car, violently aiming for a collision.
“Ineffectual amateur!” Mr. Wangley flexed his soles and sprang, landing not a moment later on the chunkster’s back. Then, without pausing, he extended his fingers and struck the pressure points present on the chunkster’s back relentlessly.
The chunkster stumbled along with Mr. Wangley’s momentum. He swayed, seconds away from losing his balance.
“Lamb! Meat!” The chunkster was growing impatient now. His assault became crazed and frantic, but Mr. Wangley was smart enough not to meet them head–on. Instead, he ducked agilely, launching a few sneak
attacks here and there as he egged his opponent on.
When it came to manipulating the pressure points of his opponent to turn the situation in his favor, he was, no doubt, an expert.
He believed that no matter how strong the chunkster’s defenses were, he could effectively target his pressure points and bring him down, once and for all! At the end of the day, those were the points he believed to be the chunkster’s weaknesses.
His idea was undeniably a good one, but as time passed, Mr. Wangley couldn’t help but feel that something was off.
Because of the chunkster’s build, his delenses were different from the patterns exhibited by the usual adamantine shields wielded by the opponents he’d faced in the past.
The lat on his body was key in dissipating the impact of his attempted attacks. As for the pressure points he’d been targeting all this while, they only proved to be mildly effective for a short period of time before fully
W
Chapter 237
recovering shortly after, rendering most of his strikes ineffective.
After their long–withstanding struggle, the chunkster appeared to be spirited while Mr. Wangley seemed more
out of breath than ever.
The consumption of energy after channeling the internal energy he possessed drained him to the core.
“This is impossible!” Mr. Wangley exclaimed inwardly, his brow knitted.
The chunkster’s appearance was unremarkable, but he was extremely tenacious.
“Mr. Wangley! Try targeting the crown of his head! That’s where his weakness lies!” Natasha’s voice rang out
from the audience.
No one believed Dustin but her.
“That brat speaks nothing but nonsense! He’s just trying to disrupt the state of my mind!” Mr. Wangley’s
expression was icy.
Not even he could identify the chunkster’s weaknesses, let alone someone whose name he hadn’t even heard of in his entire life. He was not about to believe his words just like that.
“I need to finish this soon! And quickly!” His stamina was swiftly waning, and he couldn’t afford to waste any
more time.
Mr. Wangley threw himself forward boldly, targeting a punch toward the chunkster’s throat. That area had the least amount of flesh–it must be his opponent’s weakest spot.
If it landed where he intended to, the subsequent effects would be extraordinary.
“Gotcha!” The chunkster grinned as he grabbed ahold of Mr. Wangley’s wrist.
“Shit-“Mr. Wangley’s expression changed as the magnitude of the situation he was caught in dawned upon him. He was about to pull back, only to realize he couldn’t break free.
“Up you go!” The chunkster bellowed and tossed Mr. Wangley up in the air, spinning him around. About ten rounds or so later, he swatted the old man like a fly and sent him crashing to the ground.
A loud boom reverberated around the arena, shaking it momentarily.
Mr. Wangley coughed up blood as he convulsed on the ground before stilling completely. He was severely injured, rendered motionless by the impact of his fall. That plummet must have also broken a great number of
his bones.
“Mr. Wangley!” Quentin stood up immediately. Shock and, inexplicably, fear had taken hold of his features.
When he’d watched Mr. Wangley’s attempts to take control of the situation earlier, he thought victory was theirs at long last. Never in his wildest dreams would he imagine the tides to turn on them.
“Quick! Get a doctor over here!” Natasha’s expression was stem as she ordered someone to lift Mr. Wangley
off the ground.
“Even Mr. Wangley lost to this chunkster, Could he actually be invincible?” Ruth’s brows were perpetually furrowed, worry evident on her face.
Chapter 237
The situation was far from optimistic after losing two rounds in a row.
“Another great master from the Harmons has fallen. Looks like their loss today is inevitable! Otto shook his
head.
“Exactly! Competing against Boulderthorn today was a surefire way to bring disgrace upon themselves. Not even the Harmons could emerge victorious against an opponent this powerful!” Julie grinned gleefully.
After knowing that Dustin had connections with the Harmon family, she couldn’t help but take pleasure in the misfortune of said family.
“I wouldn’t be so sure about that.” Suddenly, a man spoke up from beside them. “I heard the Harmons still have their biggest trump card to turn this around!”
“What trump card?” Otto asked tentatively.
“This trump card of theirs is none other than the warrior ranked ninth among the Hundred Immortals, the King of Kicks!”
###Chapter 238 by Marina Vittori
“The King of Kicks?” “The one ranked ninth on The Hundred Immortals?”
Everyone looked astonished upon hearing the mention. They had clearly heard of the King of Kicks–those who ranked on The Hundred Immortals were extraordinary talents, not to mention the legends who made it into the top ten!
A powerful man like the King of Kicks would command respect anywhere he went. His presence at their unremarkable guild was akin to an attack from a higher level. Not even the Boulderthorn disciples could overshine him.
“Wow! I’m surprised that the Harmons have hired the King of Kicks! They are indeed wealthy!”
“With the King of Kicks around, the Harmons are definitely winning the battle.”
“He can take on every single opponent at the scene with his capability!”
After the initial shock, the spectators started to anticipate the fight. After today, they could boast that they had witnessed the King of Kicks in action.
“Ms. Harmon, your martial artists seem weak. Why don’t you send the top gun?” Brody challenged her with a sneer. Winning two consecutive rounds boosted his confidence.
“Sir Cavaliere, I’ll bank on you.” Natasha looked at the hawk–nosed elder.
“Hmph! Didn’t I tell you not to waste your time? What are those two good–for–nothings doing here?” The man appeared disdainful. His remark upset Stephan and Mr. Wangley, who were being treated for their injuries on the side. Still, they dared not talk back to him.
“Sir Cavaliere, you’re right. These two aren’t at the same level as you. They’re just here to fill up the quota,” Quentin quickly sucked up to the King of Kicks..
“Please, Sir Cavaliere.” Natasha, refusing to engage in more talk, gestured toward the battle ring.
“Sure! Since I’m paid to do this, I’ll walk around the ring!” He smiled and marched right into the ring. His appearance led to a huge commotion among the audience.
“Fuck! It’s truly the King of Kicks! Am I dreaming?”
“That’s unexpected! The Harmons must have spent a fortune to get him here!”
“When you have one of the top ten from The Hundred Immortals in the ring, it’s practically a massacre, isn’t it?”
“I thought the Harmons were going to lose! But the tables have turned!”
The atmosphere in the guild reached a climax due to the presence of the King of Kicks.
“Although this has cost us a fortune, it is worth it solely for the shock factor. The corner of Jessica’s lips
curled into a rare smile.
“That’s true! Once the King of Kicks defeats the lineup from Mr. Williams‘ side, no one will look for trouble with
1/3
us anymore!” Quentin concurred with a nod.
“Too bad the King of Kicks is an egotistical lone wolf. We can’t work with him for long.” Natasha shook her head regretfully.
“Oh, what do you know? Legends are special and act in their own ways. That’s why they’re different from us!” Quentin sounded like a know–it–all and was promptly ignored by Natasha.
“Silence!” The hawk–nosed elder pressed on the floor of the ring. When the audience quieted, he announced, “I have caught the flu and felt sick today. Therefore, I shall surrender and forfeit the battle today!”
Chaos erupted among the audience.
“What? Is he surrendering?”
“That can’t be! He’s the King of Kicks and ninth on The Hundred Immortals. How could he give up because of flu?”
“Fuck! That’s no surrender. He’s doing it on purpose!”
The audience was stunned and confused as they didn’t expect the King of Kicks to act in such a way. After going into the ring, he surrendered before the battle. What was that? Was there some shady deal going on?
“What’s wrong? Why did he surrender?” Jessica and her group exchanged astonished glances. The King of
Kicks had received the payment but surrendered before he rendered his services. He had crossed a line!
“Did he switch sides at the last minute?” Dustin narrowed his eyes, looking hostile. He had not expected the King of Kicks to pull off that trick.
“Sir Cavaliere! What was that?” Natasha shot up from her seat, looking frosty. The whole reason she accepted
the invitation to the battle was because she had him as an ace card. His unexpected behavior had messed up
her plans.
“Ms. Harmon, you paid me to join the battle, but you did not specify that I have to win. Isn’t it a normal thing to fall sick and give up on the battle?” He flashed a half smile at her.
*Sir! You are a respected senior in the martial arts world! Aren’t you worried you’d be the butt of the jokes if you flip–flopped on your promises?” Natasha chided him.
“The butt of jokes? I am an honorable and upright man. No one dares to joke about me.” His eyes swept across the area, and those who felt his gaze quickly lowered their heads in deference.
“Sir Cavaliere, I believe I have treated you generously. Why would you do this?” She furrowed her brow. At that moment, she was no longer oblivious to the fact that she had been fooled. The King of Kicks agreed to join the battle, only to surrender at a critical moment, catching her off–guard. It was a cruel and raw betrayal!
“Ms. Harmon, I do not see the need to hide the truth from you.” The hawk–nosed old man straightened his shirt and said to her, “I play fair, and I work for the highest bidder. This time around, someone has offered me a higher price. So, I can’t help you out. Of course, I can reconsider my decision if you’re willing to bid for my
service at a higher price.”
“Are you marking up the price now?” There was a wintry look in Natasha’s attractive eyes.
“Since this is a transaction, it’s only normal to mark up prices at the last minute.” He showed no guilt in his
DUT
behavior.
“You’re shameless!” She sneered, feeling aghast at the rotten character of the King of Kicks she had painstakingly hired.
“Ms. Harmon, if you refuse to offer a higher price, I shall leave the ring.” He looked like he was about to leave.
“Wait! We’ll do it!” Jessica’s face fell apart, and she immediately stopped him. If the King of Kicks surrendered, the Harmons would lose the battle without a doubt! They had to accept the fact, even if he had demanded more money at the eleventh hour.
“I’m sorry. Your reply comes too late.” He sneered at them and walked up to the Boulderthorn guild gang in front of everyone. The Harmons instantly paled upon witnessing that.
###Chapter 239 by Marina Vittori
The Harmons were shocked that the handsomely–paid King of Kicks had tricked them instead of lending them a helping hand. At that moment, they were lost and helpless.
Meanwhile, the Boulderthorn guild was all smiles, a stark contrast to the anger and indignation on the Harmons‘ end.
“Hahaha Ms. Harmon, your family has lost three rounds. Anyone else wants to get into the ring? If not, we’ll declare victory!” Brody laughed insolently. Very few knew the fact that the King of Kicks was a good friend of Mr. Williams. The betrayal was part of his plan as well. That would force the Harmons into a corner!
“Oh no! Are the Harmons leaving in defeat?”
“I was looking forward to a great battle tonight. Who knew we’d witness such a botched situation!”
“At the end of the day, the Harmons have fallen into a trap. The King of Kicks that they wasted the effort on recruiting turns out to be a rat from the Boulderthorn guild!”
“Might is right! There’s no point arguing over this. The Harmons are destined to lose!”
There was a lot of gossip surrounding the sharp turn of events. People were shocked and sympathetic; some were even gleeful at the disaster.
“Natasha, your King of Kicks is a sham! What do we do now? Do we take the defeat?” Quentin put on an odd
and critical look.
Natasha bit her lips but said nothing. The situation had unfolded beyond her control, and she wondered if
there was anyone who could save the day.
“Ms. Harmon, is anyone from your side going into the ring? Just admit defeat if you have no one else to send. Stop wasting time,” Brody challenged her again.
“Yeah! Just admit defeat! Don’t waste our time!” Those from the Boulderthorn guild chanted, and the Harmons
had nothing to say in return, only upset looks on their faces.
“I’ll go!” A voice boomed and echoed in the guild. Everyone looked at the handsome man who emerged from
the crowd. It was Dustin Rhys!
“Huh?” The audience standing beside him was puzzled.
“Rhys! Are you kidding? The audacity to join the battle!” Quentin was taken aback before sniggering as he
gave Dustin a look of disbelief.
“Dustin, stop fooling around! Even Mr. Wangsley and the rest were no match for the Boulderthorn guild. What can you do up there? Losing your life?” Jessica rebuked, but she was more concerned about the reputation of the Harmons than Dustin’s safety. If he lost the battle, the Harmon family’s reputation would suffer.
“Dustin, you don’t have to take the risk. If they want our stocks, we’ll give it to them.” Natasha was worried for
her man. No amount of stocks or benefits was worth risking his life lor.
“Don’t worry. I’ll be fine.” He smiled. “I will not offer them our stocks, and I’ll save our reputation!” With that, he
Chapter 239
marched into the ring. He wasn’t planning on getting involved, but he was forced to do so after the King of Kicks switched sides at the last minute.
“Sis, do you not want to stop him?” Ruth was a little concerned.
“He’s not a reckless man. If he’s fine with joining the battle, he must be confident in his chances of winning.” Natasha put on a brave face, but her eyes betrayed her worry. However, she had no choice but to trust him unconditionally in such a critical time.
“Kiddo, you must be on a suicide mission! How dare you come into the ring?” Brody laughed like a maniac and stared at Dustin like he was looking at a dead man. He had been thinking hard about getting revenge against
Dustin, but Dustin made it easy for him.
“Who is that?” Maximus questioned.
“Max, that’s the inventor of Immortunol. He was the one who slapped me this morning.” Brody explained.
###Chapter 240 by Marina Vittori
“Oh, it’s him.” Maximus smiled coolly. “It’s really gutsy of a physician to join the battle. Looks like the Harmons have run out of candidates.”
Dustin’s appearance came as a shock to the members of the Boulderthorn guild as well as Julie and her group.
“Is he crazy? He can’t even beat me. What makes him think he’s capable of fighting the Boulderthorn masters?
to Marsh was dumbfounded by Dustin’s decision. Even Mr. Chapman was beaten to a pulp in the ring. Where did a weakling like Dustin get the courage to enter the ring?
“Hmph! He still wants to show off at this point in time. That’s just courting death.” Julie chuckled gleefully. She looked forward to Dustin being beaten up badly onstage.
“You’re damn right! Even Otto knows better than to show off at this serious event. That dude is on a suicide mission!” The group of youngsters scoffed at Dustin, whom they believed was an attention–seeker. An average person should never get involved in the battle of the masters, for a tiny slip–up could cost one’s life.
“Young man, are you sure you’d like to fight on behalf of the Harmon family? The hawk–nosed elder suddenly questioned in a threatening voice. Everyone in the guild could hear him well, even though he wasn’t speaking loudly. The elder had made it clear that anyone who represented the Harmons would be his enemy.
“Well, at least I’m not as shameless as those who took the money but refused to make good on their promise and even stabbed others in the back!” Dustin taunted him mercilessly. “Even dogs are thankful to the hand that feeds them. I guess that somebody is worse than an animal.”
The audience gasped and murmured upon hearing the remark. They were already startled when Dustin went on the stage, but they were once again shocked by his audacity to mock the King of Kicks in public. Was Dustin Rhys playing with fire?
“You punk! Do you even hear what you’re saying?” The old man’s expression crumbled.
“Why? Can’t stand being criticized for your actions? You’re just a greedy, dishonest, and ungrateful bastard, aren’t you?” Dustin jeered at him.
“You have a death wish!” The old man stared coldly at Dustin, but he was stopped by Maximus before he could make a move. “Sir Cavaliere, we cannot break the rules of the battle. You should leave any personal grudges for post–battle.”
“You punk! I sure hope you survive!” The hawk–nosed old man scoffed and begrudgingly took his seat.
“Sir Cavaliere, calm down. That punk is certainly going to be dead today.” Brody cackled and yelled in the direction of the ring. “Chunkster, smash him! I’ll give you two more mutton legs if you cripple him!”
“Mutton leg! Mutton leg!” Chunkster giggled, his eyes shining bright when he stared at Dustin, Before the referee even officiated the match, he had hurled himself toward Dustin at high speed and with explosive energy like an invincible human tank. Compared to Chunkster, Dustin was as thin as a rail.
“That punk is going to die! Not even Mr. Chapman could beat Chunkster. Dustin Rhys is going to be minced meat in the ring.” Otto chuckled with anticipation.
Chapter 240
“He deserves it for being a show–off.” Julie crossed her arms on her chest and waited for ill fate to befall
Dustin.
Just when everyone thought that it was a David and Goliath battle with a clear winner, Dustin suddenly made
a move. He kicked against the ground and launched himself forward like an agile serpent. When he was near Chunkster, ne quickly leaped into the air, tapping his index and middle fingers on the Meridian point on top of Chunkster’s head with precision.
With a grunt. Chunkster immediately blacked out in the ring. Due to the momentum, his ball–like figure accelerated for a good ten feet before coming to a stop and dropping off the platform with a thud. The
audience watched on, their jaws dropping on the floor.
###Chapter 241 by Marina Vittori
“What the fuck? Has the battle ended?” The audience in the guild stared at Chunkster, who was lying flat on the ground lifelessly. They looked at each other in disbelief. At first, they thought that Dustin would never win, but the battle ended with a huge twist. More importantly, Dustin had only made one move throughout the battle, which was terrifying, to say the least.
“Fuck! That dude won? What happened?” Otto’s eyes widened, and he looked incredulous. Dustin Rhys beat Chunkster, who had defeated Mr. Chapman. Would that mean Dustin was more powerful than Mr. Chapman?
“I–impossible! That guy must have pulled some tricks. Why else could he win without breaking a sweat?” Julie vehemently shook her head, refusing to accept the outcome.
“What happened just now? Why did Chunkster collapse after the touch?” Brody was confounded. Chuckster’s defense should have been impenetrable for most, except for Maximus and the King of Kicks. What trick did
Dustin pull to win?
“He’s quite something. He found Chunkster’s weakness in no time.” Maximus narrowed his eyes and appeared
quite taken aback. The others might be oblivious to the strategy behind the move, but Maximus knew that Dustin had found Chunkster’s weakness and focused his attack on it, which resulted in the surprise victory.
“No wonder he was so confident. He came prepared.” The hawk–nosed old man scoffed. He would have acknowledged Dustin’s talent if the latter had taken down the opponent with his skills, but the trick that Dustin
pulled was cowardly.
“Hahaha! He won! Dustin, you’re awesome!” After overcoming the shock, Ruth jumped up and down with joy.
“What’s so great about it? He had to thank Mr. Wangley and Mr. Chapman for exhausting Chunkster. He wouldn’t have taken advantage of Chunkster otherwise.” Quentin was a little jealous about Dustin’s win. In his opinion, Dustin merely beat the opponent due to luck.
“Mr. Wangley, Mr. Rhys was right. Chunkster’s weakness is on the top of his head.” Stephan, who was being. treated for his injury, shot a glance at Mr. Wangley, who seemed embarrassed and quiet.
The unexpected victory set the crowd ablaze. Most were confused and doubtful about Dustin’s move, but he proved that the Harmons still had a chance to fight and win.
“Is that all the Boulderthorn disciples have to show?” Dustin stood boastfully in the ring with a disdainful
smile on his lips.
“That insolent bastard!”
“How dare you?
“This is too much!”
Upon hearing the insult, the Boulderthorn gang stood up in rage. Anyone who looked down on their guild would be playing with fire!
“You punk! You’d better tone down your ego!” Brody angrily slapped the table and shot up,
1/3
Chapter 241
“Quit the nonsense. If you can, take me on.” Dustin was as calm as ever as he looked down upon those
beneath him.
Right then, the hawk–nosed elder suddenly cackled menacingly. “Kiddo, did you really think you could show off a couple of amateur moves over here?”
“If you do not believe me, come try it out for yourself.” Dustin wiggled his fingers at the old man provocatively.
“Great! If death is what you’re after, I shall grant your wish.” The old man finally lost it and walked up to the ring. At the sight, everyone at the scene cheered enthusiastically.
“Great! The King of Kicks finally joins the battle!”
“How dare that dude challenge the King of Kicks? He doesn’t know his limits.”
“Either way.
he’s going to lose. At least he’d lose with glory if he is defeated by the King of Kicks.”
“Hmph! The King of Kicks is known to be violent. He wouldn’t go easy on that kid.”
The crowd was murmuring about the scene in the ring.
Otto snickered. “Well, at least the punk will die an honorable death in the hands of the King of Kicks!”
“He’s too reckless! Did he think he could call the shots after his one lucky victory? Facing off the King of Kicks is the same as staring at death!” Julie couldn’t resist the touch of schadenfreude. But she admitted that Dustin had given her many surprises. At the end of the day, she believed that he wouldn’t escape his fate of being butchered.
“That old fart is utterly despicable! When he was repping the Harmons, he immediately ceded the fight. Now, he’s fighting against us. He’s the ultimate definition of shameless!” Ruth was irritated. Just when there was a sliver of hope for the Harmons, the King of Kicks showed up to give them a blow. It was disgusting.
“There’s no point talking about that. Let’s think about what we’re going to do after the loss.” Quentin shook his head. He obviously decided that Dustin would be defeated.
“Hey, little punk! I’ll give you a chance to live. If you bow to me here, I’ll spare your life!” the King of Kicks announced evilly in the ring.
“Bow to you? Are you asking me to bow to a filthy animal? You don’t deserve that.” Dustin chortled.
“You’re a brave one. I bet you’ll only regret it when you’re staring at death!” Looking offended, the old man took one step after another toward Dustin with an imposing air.
An average martial artist would have cowered under the pressure, but Dustin stood firmly on the ground. unaffected.
“To avoid accusations of bullying the young, I shall only make three moves on you. If you successfully block all the attacks, I’ll consider you victorious,” the old man said coldly.
“Bring it on.” Dustin gestured at him.
“The first kick is to destroy your core!” After snorting, the old man suddenly launched the first kick. He propelled himself like an arrow projecting from the bow. He was moving at an unbelievably high speed that the crowd could not make out his figure.
Chanter 241
When the old man was near enough, he quickly gave Dustin a kick in the abdomen. The strength of the kick was comparable to the destructiveness of a bullet. It was so powerful that it could make a hole in a metal board, not to mention destroying a human.
Seeing that, Custin merely smiled and swayed aside, narrowly avoiding the attack.
“Hmm?” When the kick didn’t land, the old man looked quite perplexed. He had applied only half of his full. strength in the first kick, which made it impossible to dodge. “He is something No wonder he’s so bold.” The old man scrunched his eyes and scoffed. “But that’s the end of it!”
—
With that, he moved across the ring again, launching his second kick with 80% of his full strength, aiming at Dustin’s head this time. He was confident that Dustin would be annihilated after being struck.
A figure flashed across the ring quickly. Like an apparition, Dustin twisted his body and narrowly escaped the second kick.
“Why? Are you starving? Why are you moving so slowly?” Dustin jeered at him as though he was staring at a clown. His disdainful gaze had completely infuriated the old man.
###Chapter 242 by Marina Vittori
“You’re asking for death!” Incensed, the King of Kicks finally decided to give it his all. He leaped into the air and served multiple flying kicks as he landed in Dustin’s direction. This time, he did not only attack Dustin point–to–point–he was undiscerning in his moves, offering no escape for his opponent.
“You punk! Let’s see how you’re going to dodge this!” He laughed maniacally as the number of kicks increased and covered a wider scope. Dustin, who was targeted, stood there without fear.
“It’s clear who’s the winner here.” Maximus shook his head and stood up to leave. He was initially surprised by Dustin’s agility, but even that was no match for the King of Kicks. No level of agility could save the young man from the indiscriminate attacks by the King of Kicks. In the face of actual talent, Dustin’s tricks would be of no use.
All of a sudden, they heard a deafening explosion from the ring. The kicking legs in the air were nowhere to be seen. Instead, The King of Kicks stopped his leg right by Dustin’s ear, but it wasn’t an attempt to show mercy to Dustin. Unfortunately, his shin was locked in Dustin’s grip, immobilizing him.
“Did I ever say I’d dodge your attacks?” Dustin grinned as he grabbed the leg of the King of Kicks.
“Did he block the kick?” Maximus, who was ready to leave, stood still, looking astonished. Not even he would think of blocking a full–strength attack from the King of Kicks, but Dustin seemed to have grabbed the opponent’s leg with much ease. Maximus wondered what had happened. Was the King of Kicks conserving his energy on purpose, or did he underestimate Dustin’s capability?
“H–how is that possible? How did you block that move?” The old man widened his eyes in utter disbelief. knowing he had not held back on the attack. Even though the kick wasn’t his most fatal move, it was more than enough to fight against most martial artists in the field. Therefore, he was shocked to see Dustin holding his powerful leg with one hand. It was too eerie a scene to make sense of.
“Is there even anything great about that kick of yours? It’s so weak that even a three–year–old could block it,” Dustin remarked, looking unbothered.
“Nonsense!” The old man was a ball of rage as he leaped into the air and struck again with an earth- shattering force.
“Hey! You used up your three moves! You lost!” Ruth yelled at the old man, but he ignored her reminder and capitalized on the force of gravity to strike Dustin on the head. This time, he was confident that Dustin wouldn’t be able to fend it off.
“You never learn, do you?” Dustin snorted and lifted his arm to block the kick without as much as moving aside. The collision between the leg and arm resulted in an explosive sound. An invisible blast wave spread across the space from the core of the collision while strong gusts of winds roared. Dustin stood on the ground without moving an inch. He looked poised and unhurt, but multiple cracks had formed underneath his feet.
On the other hand, the old man had placed one leg on Dustin’s arm as he mustered up all his energy in an attempt to press his opponent onto the ground. No matter how much force he exerted, Dustin’s arm remained motionless, like it was made of metal.
“Is that all?” Dustin raised a brow, looking disdainful. “Is that all the King of Kicks have to show?”
“No! This can’t be! How could you possibly block that attack? You aren’t even tanked on The Hundred Immortals!” The old man had shock written all across his lace. He was sure that Dustin wasn’t ranked because he had fought the top ten in the ranking.
“The Hundred Immortals?” Dustin chuckled and whispered, “Let me tell you a secret: I made it to The Heavenly Immortals ten years ago.”
“The Heavenly Immortals?” The old man was stunned by the revelation. The Heavenly Immortals were levels above The Hundred Immortals, and those ranked on that list were the creme de la creme. It sounded impossible that a twenty–something like Dustin managed to make it to that list. One must know that the martial artists who made it to The Heavenly Immortals were the ones who achieved divinity, at the very least!
“No! Impossible! You must be bluffing!” The old man refused to believe Dustin’s words. It was rare to run into martial artists ranked on The Heavenly Immortals, and a ranked martial artist wouldn’t have lived in a small town like Swinton, to begin with.
“Look out for my Phoenix Kick!” The old man put a distance between them, followed by kicking himself off the ground and launching himself into the air. Through consecutive kicks that morphed into shadows, he initiated a crazed attack on Dustin.
“All show and no go!” Dustin scoffed at the move and sent a punch into the sole of the old man’s fool. Following another explosive sound, the old man was sent flying across the air like a soccer ball. With another thud, he collapsed underneath the ring, bleeding from the orifices on his face and suffering from fractures in his legs.
The crowd went dead silent at the sight of the lifeless King of Kicks on the ground. People were gaping with alarmed looks. They could not believe that the King of Kicks, from the top ten of The Hundred Immortals, had lost a battle in record time and without warning. Some of the spectators had not even recovered from the blow.
More importantly, Dustin seemed to have attacked only once throughout the fight, apart from all the defensive
moves and the dodging. That was the scariest observation of the night. Had the crowd not witnessed it with
their own eyes, they would have scoffed at the idea of the King of Kicks losing to an obscure young man.
“Has the King of Kicks
lost?” Brody’s mind went blank. He could not comprehend the situation and even went as far as to suspect the King of Kicks of staging the loss.
“My lord! Where did that guy come from?” Otto swallowed hard as his disrespect for Dustin was replaced by
shock and fear, Dustin defeating the King of Kicks was a testament to his capability. At the thought of his previous provocations toward Dustin, Otto suddenly felt a prick of fear. Thankfully, Dustin did not take the remarks too seriously. Else, Otto might have ended up as dead meat.
“Im
—
impossible!” He’s just a good–for–nothing! Since when has he become a master? Julie was both dumbstruck and doubtful. She refused to believe that Dustin was capable of such powerful moves. The only
possible explanation was that the two men in the ring were putting on a show. The King of Kicks must have been bribed by Dustin and played out his part as the loser. Right! That must be it!
“Haha! He won! We won!” Ruth squealed in excitement and showed off to the others, “See that? That’s my brother–in–law in the ring! Isn’t he amazing?”
“Wait, he won? How did he do it? Quentin stared on, eyes widened into saucers.
2/3
“Never have I thought that he was a hidden talent. Since he’s beaten the King of Kicks, I believe he is capable of being ranked within the top eight in The Hundred Immortals, Jessica mused. She admitted that she had missed the unpolished gem. Dustin Rhys was more remarkable than she had assumed.
“He’s my man! So impressive!” Natasha’s lips curled into a dazzling smile. Her lovely eyes were filled with
affection. Curiosity grew in her–she started wondering about Dustin’s real identity.
###Chapter 243 by Marina Vittori
In the ring. Dustin stood tall with hands behind his back, exuding an imposing and majestic air. He no longer hid his talents and shone from the full display of his powers. No one dared to meet his eyes. The fact that he had defeated the King of Kicks with one move made everyone look at him with awe.
“Surprising! The Harmons have an ace under their wings.” Maximus narrowed his eyes, putting on a serious face. Dustin had won his respect through the display of strength. Not even Maximus could easily beat the King of Kicks with bare hands.
“Weakling!” Dustin dusted and straightened his sleeve. Then, he coolly announced, “Next?”
The Boulderthorn disciples exchanged furtive glances. They knew they weren’t Dustin’s match, especially after
he had defeated the King of Kicks.
“Max, what do we do? That punk is wild!” Feeling aggrieved, Brody clenched his jaws.
“Looks like I’ll have to go.” Maximus stood up slowly, his eyes shining with excitement. He had shown up to the battle as the ace and wasn’t originally planning to fight. In his eyes, the battle was child’s play and offered. no challenge. However, Dustin’s presence shocked him and introduced some excitement. Maximus was not in the martial arts practice for fame or wealth: he was in search of excellence in swordsmanship. Every time he
crossed paths with an ace, he would be combative.
“Max, he’s quite strong. Are you confident in beating him?” Brody questioned cautiously.
“I am not his match if we fight bare–handed, but I have full confidence if I fight him with a sword,” Maximus
remarked mildly.
“Great! Max, give it your all! He’s just trouble. We should get rid of him as soon as possible!” Brody sniggered with malice. Maximus was one of the rare talents in the art of swordsmanship, ranking sixth on The Hundred Immortals before reaching thirty years of age. He was levels above the King of Kicks and especially invincible when fighting with a sword.
Once, Brody’s father predicted that Maximus would achieve divinity within three years. By that time, Maximus would already make it to The Heavenly Immortals.
“What’s up? Is there no one else from Boulderthorn?” Dustin scanned the space with a sharp glare.
“I’ll go!” Maximus leaped into the air, and when he was close to landing, he tapped the tip of his feet on the shoulder of a spectator before bouncing back up in the air with extreme nimbleness. His movements were fairy -like, making the group of women in the guild squeal in admiration, their eyes sparkling in awe.
“Wow! He’s so cool!”
“A young man who looks great in white–he’s my type!”
Not only was Maximus blessed with good looks and gentlemanly, but he also pulled off a spectacular
entrance, giving off the impression of a young knight.
“Who are you?” Dustin scanned him from head to toe.
“I’m Maximus Kane, one of Boulderthorn’s disciples. I’m here for the experience.” Maximus bowed at him
1/3
Chapter 243
politely. His self–introduction caused a commotion within the guild.
“Maximus Kane? Isn’t he ranked sixth on The Hundred Immortals?”
“That’s right! He’s the famous ‘Lightning Blade‘ in Balerno. I had the honor of witnessing him in action!”
“Oh, fuck! It’s Maximus ‘Lightning Blade‘ Kane! I heard that his sword moved as fast as lightning. He’s never lost a battle ever since he gained his fame. This is going to be fun!”
The crowd discussed Maximus with great interest, for Maximus was an ace ranked sixth on The Hundred Immortals, much stronger than the King of Kicks, who ranked ninth.
The gap in their rankings was huge, even though they were three places apart. It was hard to climb up in the ranking once a martial artist entered the top ten. The top five names in the ranking barely changed–they practically maintained the same ranking all year round.
“Ah, finally, a normal opponent.” Dustin looked amused and gestured, “Please.”
*Just a minute. Maximus said with seriousness. “I’m good at swordsmanship. Shall we change the battle into an armed fight?”
“Hey! You can’t change the rules as you wish! We disagree with that!” Ruth instantly protested unhappily at the suggestion. Any sane person knew that a bare–handed fight was totally different than fighting with weapons. An average man armed with a weapon could beat a group of opponents, not to mention that the person in question was Maximus “Lightning Blade” Kane.
“Why? Are you afraid that he’d lose to Max?” Brody jeered at her. “If you’re scared, just admit defeat right now! Stop wasting our time!”
“We’re not! You guys are the ones who break the martial arts code! Ruth argued the facts.
“Nonsense! We never banned weapons from battles. Why don’t you get Rhys to use a weapon too?‘ Brody laughed frostily.
“You-” Ruth choked in anger.
“Sure! Use a weapon if you’d like. It doesn’t make a difference.” Dustin was unconcerned and agreed to the change without fuss. A frustrated Ruth felt that his remarks went against all her effort to fight in his interest.
“Many thanks.” Maximus bowed again and drew his sword out of the sheath from the back. He even introduced it. “My sword is three feet and six inches long. It is made from deep iron and has been my companion for five years. It is so solid that it penetrates almost everything!”
“Come at me.” Dustin waved.
“Where’s y
your weapon?” Maximus raised an eyebrow quizzically.
“My bare hands are my weapons.” Dustin answered.
“Are you
sure?” Maximus narrowed his eyes, thinking that his opponent was capable but overconfident. Dustin would be humiliated if he wanted to block the sword attack with bare hands.
“Of course. I’ll give it to you if you manage to injure me.” Dustin waved at him once more. “Come on!”
“Okay! Be my guest!” Without further ado, Maximus propelled himself forward with the unsheathed sword in
Chapter 243
hand. When he got closer to Dustin, he plunged his sword at the opponent, creating glimmers of metallic
reflection and stirring gusts of wind in the quild.
“Great move!”
Most of the martial artists exclaimed in astonishment, Maximus sword moved fast and was unusually sharp. It was hard to tell the sword from its shadows, hence it was hard to defend oneself. Even skillful martial artists at the same level dared not fight bare–harded against the sword. However, Dustin stood in the same spot and appeared as though he hadn’t noticed the attack.
“That rascal is bold! Why isn’t he dodging Maximus sword attack?”
‘Did he think he’s invincible after beating the King of Kicks? He has no idea how powerful Maximus is!”
“Right! There is a huge gap in capability between each member of the top ten of The Hundred Immortals! Looking down on Maximus is the same as digging your own grave!”
Amid the murmurs, everyone heard a soft clunking sound as Maximus‘ sword came to a halt. The sharp blade. came to a stop an inch before Dustin’s throat, unable to move. When the crowd took a second look, their faces. turned white because they realized that Dustin had caught the sword between his two fingers.
###Chapter 244 by Marina Vittori
“Hmm?” Maximus’s pupils dilated. He didn’t expect Dustin to grab his sword with bare fingers. It appeared that he had underestimated Dustin’s sheer talent and confidence. Still, he was unflustered by the strength of his opponent. Quite the opposite–the stronger the opponent, the more excited he felt. He was getting more belligerent as a result.
“Return!” With the wave of a hand, Maximus called his sword back from Dustin’s fingers. The sword came flying back like a serpent.
“Oh?” Dustin was rather surprised by the move. Although he had reined in his capabilities to match his opponent at the earthly level, he acknowledged Maximus‘ talent from how Maximus managed to free the weapon from his grip.
“Look out! I’ll show you my Illusory Sword Technique!” Maximus dropped a reminder before waving his sword again. In one move, his sword split into hundreds and thousands of different swords. The gleaming blades danced around, weaving a confusing web of swords within ten meters around them. The mind–boggling amount of swords made it hard to discern the actual sword from the illusory ones.
“Wow! It is the Illusory Sword Technique! Looks like Maximus Kane is getting serious!”
“I heard that no one could fight off the Illusory Sword Technique. That punk is going to lose!”
“Kill! Kill! kill him!”
There was an uproar among the audience. Some were shocked, some were concerned, and some were merely adding insult to injury. Soon, Dustin vanished in the midst of the illusory swords in front of their eyes. He and Maximus were nowhere to be seen, leaving only the blinding shine of blades dancing in the ring. The audience glued their eyes to the match and struggled to figure out which of them was making the moves. Even so, they couldn’t take their eyes off the climactic fight for fear of missing out on the highlights.
Dustin, the black horse, had garnered all the attention that night by fighting alone against Mr. Williams‘ lineup. Earlier, he took down two masters in the top ten of The Hundred Immortals. Even if he lost the fight against Maximus, he still won himself the right to feel proud of his accomplishments.
Three minutes later, the audience heard the clanking of metal as the web of illusory swords suddenly vanished. A figure, who seemed to have taken a bad blow, stumbled speedily toward the edge of the ring.
where he finally managed to steady himself.
Everyone focused on the figure and realized that it was Maximus! As for Dustin, he stood in the middle of the
ring without moving, remaining in the same position as before.
“What happened? Who won?” The audience exchanged glances in confusion. Dustin and Maximus looked
unharmed, but one appeared poised while the other looked grim.
“Sir, you are indeed talented, I’ll give you that. I concede defeat.” After a long silence, Maximus finally opened his mouth.
“He conceded?” The audience gasped. What was going on? The two of them stood there uninjured. No one had the upper hand yet, but why did Maximus concede defeat? Could he have been bought off by the Harmons, just like the King of Kicks?
“Max, what is that nonsense? Us Boulderthorn guild men never concede defeat! Murder that punk!” Brody stood up and bellowed after recovering from the initial shock.
“Shut up!” Maximus scoffed. “You have to admit defeat when you know it. There’s no shame in admitting you’re not as good as your opponent!”
The audience might not be able to tell, but he was well aware of the truth.
###Chapter 245 by Marina Vittori
Maximus witnessed how Dustin handled the Illusory Sword Technique with ease. Even if he maxed up his powers and executed the complete set of moves in the technique, he still failed to harm a hair on Dustin’s head, not to mention that Dustin had only fended off the attacks with one hand. To Maximus, these were proof that Dustin was greatly ahead of him in terms of capability.
“You have indeed mastered the illusory Sword Technique, but unfortunately, there are three flaws. Dustin suggested mildly. He accorded Maximus respect due to the latter’s humbleness. Else, he would have sent him flying out of the ring.
“What are the three flaws?” Maximus furrowed his brow.
“The third move, the ninth move, and the twenty–sixth move.” Dustin deliberately offered a reminder. “The flaws you exhibited in the three moves were extremely subtle. They will go unnoticeable in the eyes of an average martial artist, but they will also put you at a huge disadvantage when you are fighting the real masters.”
“Impossible! I have been practicing the technique forever. How could there be fatal flaws?” Maximus was in disbelief.
“Sure, you have spent a lot of time on the practice, but it is also true that you exhibit those flaws. If my guess is right, your mentor did not teach you everything–he hid part of the three moves from you. Plus, the three moves are extremely crucial and damaging. The mentor must have wanted to put you in harm’s way. Why else
would anyone do that? You’d better look out.” Dustin lowered his voice into a whisper that was only audible to
both of them.
The revelation was a huge blow for Maximus. “That’s nonsense! My mentor sees me as his son. He’d never
put me in danger!”
“I’m not going to say more. Believe me or not, it’s all up to you.” Dustin shrugged and sank into silence. The only reason he gave Maximus the advice was because he saw potential in the guy. Whether Maximus trusted his word and whether the man lived or died, Dustin would not be affected in any way.
“We lost the battle today. Hence, we shall not bring up the topic of Immortunol. Farewell!” Maximus nodded at
Dustin and left the ring in strides.
“He won! The Harmons won again!” Ruth squealed in delight at the sight. Who else would beat Dustin when even Maximus, ranked sixth on The Hundred Immortals, admitted deleat?
“You punk! We shall see! This is not the end!” After shooting a death glare at Dustin, Brody fled the scene with his group of men, looking demotivated. He thought that their plan was perfect, only to be ruined by a formidable opponent out of the blue. Talk about bad luck!
“Otto, have we gotten ourselves into trouble? The young men and ladies, who had previously mocked Dustin, trembled at the sight of the victorious man in the ring.
“Fuck! He’s a monster. Let’s leave now!” Otto was covered in a cold sweat and fled the scene immediately. He would be easily crushed by Dustin, Judging from how the man had defeated the King of Kicks and Maximus ” Lightning Blade” Kane.
1/2
“Young man, congratulations on the win. I am the leader of Humming hill. I wonder if you’d be interested in joining us as a consultant? Our pay and benefits are among the best! Right after Dustin exited the ring, a group of martial artists circled him to poach the talent.
“Humminghill? That’s a really tiny guild. Better not stunt the growth of our handsome dude here. Well, in my opinion, you should join us at the Valley of Joy! We have hot chicks around, and we offer a wealth of resources. I guarantee you’ll be on cloud nine after joining us!”
“Young man, I am the Falcon King of Glenstead and have a good–locking and well–educated granddaughter. If you’re willing. I will offer you her hand in marriage —”
Dustin was speechless by the greedy expressions on their faces. His excellent performance in beating the King of Kicks and Maximus “Lightning Blade” Kane had attracted a high level of attention. He made a mental note to keep a low profile moving forward,
“Get out of my way. At that moment. Natasha squeezed her way through the crowd with her people. Then, she took Dustin by the arm and publicly declared their relationship, “First of all, I’d like to introduce him as my husband. You’d better give up if you’re trying to matchmake!” Not only that, she kissed Dustin on the cheek as a reward, causing him to turn red in the face. Her action was embarrassing and rather improper in front of the crowd.
“Darling, let’s go!” She ignored the eyes on them and left the guild with Dustin in tow, looking gleeful, proud, and boastful.
The battle, which was full of twists and turns, ended with a victory for the Harmon family. From that moment, a new talent rose in Balerno’s martial arts scene. After beating Maximus. Dustin naturally assumed his opponent’s ranking, and he was subsequently ranked sixth on The Hundred Immortals, which was a brilliant feat for a newcomer.
###Chapter 246 by Marina Vittori
After the battle concluded, Dustin, Natasha, and some members of the Harmon family had supper together. It was midnight when he returned to the medical center, which was still brightly lit. He entered the center and immediately saw the stunning Dahlia Nicholson, who was merrily chatting away with Caitlyn Lawler. At that moment, she appeared more easygoing than how she usually presented herself–icy.
“Mr. Rhys, you’re back. Seeing Dustin, Caitlyn stood up and greeted him. “Have a chat with Ms. Nicholson. I’ll serve supper.”
“It’s okay. I had supper before I came home.” He smiled and turned his attention to Dahlia. “Why are you here?”
“I’m here to thank you.” She flashed him a rare smile. “If you hadn’t saved me yesterday, I would have been screwed. Never in my life would I have thought that Matt Laney was a phony bastard.”
“You’re most welcome. I’d offer the same help to anyone in that situation,” he replied unemotionally.
“Why? Are you still upset?” Her tone softened. “My mom was a little rash. There was a misunderstanding. I’ll apologize to you on her behalf. We’re sorry.”
Dustin was rather surprised by her action. In his recollection, Dahlia was never one to back down. It was unusual of her to offer an apology. Still, the apology arrived too late.
“There’s no need to apologize. After all, this is not the first time I’m misunderstood. It doesn’t matter to me.” He shrugged, looking unbothered.
“Dustin, I know you were treated unfairly and went through hard times. I promise that I’ll never treat you badly again,” she declared with a serious face.
“What was that? That was out of the blue.” He stared at her funny.
She took a deep breath and mustered up her courage to say. “Come home with me. Alright?”
His body froze at the simple suggestion, and complicated emotions clouded his eyes. Had Dahlia asked him earlier, he would have agreed to her suggestion without hesitation. Alas, after experiencing a series of challenging events, he was bone–tired, scared of being hurt, and had moved on.
Although he still had feelings for her, he refused to experience the past anymore. His life in the past was one of silent suffering.
“I know you’re in a difficult position. You don’t have to give me an answer now.” Dahlia merely beamed at him. “I have thought it through. From now on, I will take back what’s mine! Even if I have to fight against Natasha Harmon, I will never back down! You know me well. I never give up until I get what I want!”
He was taken aback by the serious expression on her face. “Did you drink tonight?”
Dahlia was known to be distant and haughty, never sparing anyone a display of friendliness. It was hard to believe she’d make that remark with a belligerent attitude. What had gotten into her?
“I’m not drunk. In fact, I’m very sober. When you’re free, relay my message to Natasha–let’s compete fairly. and we shall see who’s the winner!”
Chapter 246
With that, she stood on tiptoe and gave him a sudden peck on the lips. She coolly marched out of the medical
center, but her flushed face betrayed her emotions.
“Uh…” Dustin was frozen on the spot as he tasted her sweetness on his lips. Was he ambushed just now?
Since when did Dahlia learn to flirt? He wondered if women were all fickle–minded.
“Mr. Rhys, if it’s inconvenient for you to relay that message to Ms. Harmon, I can help.” Caitlyn, blushing in
embarrassment, twiddled with the hem of her top. After all that was a scene only found in TV shows.
“What nonsense? Go to bed!” He glared at her, to which she responded by sticking out her tongue. She ran into the guest room but soon poked her head out and questioned timidly. “Mr. Rhys, which one of them do you love?
“You little rascal! Why do you keep running your mouth?” Dustin grabbed a duster and acted as though he
wanted to give her a good whopping, and she quickly disappeared into the room out of fear.
After a quiet night, Dustin woke up early the next morning, stirred by the memory of the kiss from the day before. He had tossed and turned in bed, feeling disturbed by it.
“Oh, Dahlia, why did you show up from nowhere just to mess with me?” he wondered.
###Chapter 247 by Marina Vittori
Dustin decided that Dahlia must have had nothing better to do. He tossed his head, washed up, and opened the door to the medical center as usual.
As the door grated and groaned, a blood–soaked figure suddenly collapsed on the floor of the room. The injured man was dressed in white, which was drenched in blood. He carried a broken sword on his back and appeared to have fainted for some time.
Dustin approached the man to check him out, only to realize that it was Maximus Kane! “I did not recall hurting him yesterday. Or did I?” Dustin rubbed his chin in confusion. Although Maximus, ranked sixth on The Hundred Immortals, was not exactly the cream of the crop, he was still one of the best in tiny Swinton. How did he get himself beaten up this badly?
“Consider yourself lucky.” Dustin mumbled and lifted Maximus into the medical center. After all, he couldn’t turn a blind eye to a dying man at the entrance of the medical center.
Maximus suffered from multiple external injuries, but those were simple wounds that could be treated with some bandages. However, he suffered huge damage to his nerves, including the energy in his core. Whoever did this to him wanted to cripple him for good. Thankfully, years of extensive martial arts practice resulted in a solid foundation that protected Maximus from being completely crippled by the attack. With Dustin’s medical
skills, he was confident to heal Maximus within a few weeks.
First, Dustin gave Maximus an injection, followed by feeding the patient some medicine. About half an hour later, Maximus finally regained consciousness as he slowly opened his eyes.
“Hey, you’re awake. How do you feel?” Dustin casually asked him.
“Did you save me?” Maximus was a little taken aback. Last night, he sustained severe injuries and found a
medical center on the street in between consciousness. Before he had a chance to knock on the door, he
blacked out at the entrance.
“Who else? Do you see anyone around?” Dustin was a tad speechless at the thoughtless question.
“Thank you.” Maximus struggled to get up and bow.
Dustin forced him back onto the bed and chided him, “That’s enough. Stop moving around when you’re badly
injured.”
“He’s on the brink of death, yet he is hung up on manners. What’s wrong with this dude?” Dustin wondered.
“You’re not bad at martial arts. So, how did you end up getting beaten up?” Dustin asked. Maximus clenched
his teeth as he struggled to open up. “It’s fine. Don’t tell me if you don’t feel like it. I’m not that curious either.”
Dustin waved at him dismissively and proceeded to leave.
“Wait …” Maximus took a deep breath and finally confessed, “What you said yesterday was right. I had three
fatal flaws in my Illusory Sword Technique.”
“Oh, really? Did you meet a worthy opponent that fast?” Dustin was quite surprised to learn that his prediction came true after he dropped a casual mention of the flawed moves during the battle.
Chapter 247
“It wasn’t just any stranger It was my mentor, Luther Williams! Maximus gritted his teeth, his face clouded
by a grim expression.
“Your mentor?” Dustin was astounded. “Why did he hurt you for no good reason?”
“That’s because … I caught him having an affair with my female mentee!” Maximus said, filled with resentment. “I went home after the defeat, thinking to question Luther Williams about the flaws in the technique he taught me, but instead, I caught him going at it with my young female mentee in the bedroom!”
Maximus continued, “So, I kicked the door open out of anger and confronted him loudly. He was probably humiliated and provoked, and he fought me with his sword, slashing me twice. I had no choice but to fight him with my sword. Silly me. I thought that, given my expertise in swordsmanship, I could at least fend off his attacks even if I couldn’t win.”
Then, he hissed, “I realized how naive I was when we started fighting. It wasn’t practice or strength that I lacked he took advantage of my flawed moves! The third, ninth, and twenty–sixth moves. Whenever I put these moves into action, Luther was able to spot my flaws and destroy me. It was at that moment I found out that Luther, the mentor I was so proud of, had set me up from the very beginning! I am nothing but a tool to him; he has never treated me from the heart. When I am upset at him, he’ll exploit my flawed moves to kill me off and save himself from trouble!”
Maximus‘ eyes reddened and brimmed with tears. He had always regarded his mentor as a father figure. Who would have thought that the kind and generous old man was nothing but a hypocrite?
“Well what can I say, except that you have a scoundrel of a mentor?” Dustin shook his head sympathetically. Maximus‘ situation was commonplace in the martial arts world. History was full of cases where disciples and. mentors of the same guild tore each other apart. The human heart is the most deceitful of all things.
“I’m fine with being taken advantage of. He could have sent me on a dangerous mission, and I would have taken on the task without complaining. But why? Why did he have to sully my female mentee? She’s my fiancée!” Maximus bellowed and smashed a hole in the wall out of rage.
Dustin gaped at the confession. He opened his mouth a few times but was unable to speak.
###Chapter 248 by Marina Vittori
Justin felt sympathetic as he stared into Maximus‘ reddened eyes. Not only was the poor chap taken advantage of by his mentor, but he also had his fiancée taken away. How miserable!
No man could endure the humiliation and resentment of losing his future wife. Heck, not even anyone could stand losing a future spouse. It was hard to imagine that the second–in–command of Boulderthorn was, in lact, a wicked and dishonorable man.
“Just focus on your recovery for now. When you’re fully recovered, it’ll be time to take back what you lost.” Dustin gave Maximus an encouraging pat on the shoulder.
To that, Maximus howled with a desolate expression, “I’ll never get better again, not after my core was shattered and my nerves damaged! After losing my internal energy, I have nothing left in me to take revenge. I’m trash! I’m a worthless piece of trash!”
He rolled his fists, digging his fingernails deep into the flesh of his palms until blood trickled from between his thumb and index finger. He badly wanted to take his revenge and seek justice, but he had lost the opportunity to do so.
“Who said you’re trash? I can heal your injuries,” Dustin interjected coolly.
“W–what did you say?” Stunned, Maximus lifted his head almost instantly.
“I said I can heal your injuries and rejuvenate your core,” Dustin repeated himself.
“Are you sure? You’re not kidding me, right?” Maximus was wide–eyed with a mix of shock and anticipation.
“Your core suffered some damage, but it’s not utterly ruined. There’s still a chance. Rejuvenating your nerves is even simpler. As long as you stick to my treatment, you’ll regain full strength within ten days.” Dustin
promised.
Maximus‘ face lit up with joy upon hearing that. He thanked Dustin profusely. “If you heal me. I shall owe my life to you. Be it scaling mountains or diving into the deep ocean, I’ll do whatever you ask of me without a complaint!” He seemed serious about his promise. As a martial artist and a geek for swords, he never had an interest in much else but the pursuit of excellence in swordsmanship. The moment he learned that his core
was destroyed, he fell into deep despair and even contemplated ending his life. However, Dustin’s remark
reignited his hope and his will to live.
“Okay, that’s enough. I’m not a sadist. Why would I send you to the mountains and the ocean?” Dustin helped him up. “Consider it fate that you fainted right in front of my medical center. It was God’s will to have me rescue you. Get some good rest, and remember not to harness your internal energy in these two days.”
“Thank you. You’re my savior!” Maximus bowed a few times to Dustin, who said nothing more but wrote a prescription for Caitlyn and reminded her to prepare the medicine according to the schedule.
At that moment, they heard a deafening crash from the outside. They jumped in shock and hurried out to check the situation. Two cars–one red and one white–collided on a street not far away. The red BMW, it appeared, had reversed and crashed into a white Honda, causing the latter to flip. Both cars were mangled beyond recognition, with debris scattered all across the ground.
Chapter 248
“Help! Please help my daughter!” A bleeding woman clad in white clothing climbed out of the white Honda. Due to the impact of the collision, she looked dizzy and feeble. At the same time, a young girl was in the front passenger seat; she had lost consciousness. The girl was no older than eight years old, and she seemed to be in a critical state because her abdomen was pierced by a sharp .
The woman in white called for help while attempting to save her daughter, but she failed to open the car door because it was too misshapen.
“Crap!” Dustin’s face fell, and he jogged toward the Honda. By then, a crowd had formed around the accident. and a few good samaritans offered help. Unfortunately, the collective strength of a few people was insufficient to pull the girl out because the Honda was flipped over, and the car door remained locked.
As the smoke started billowing from the car, the situation became dire. “I’ll give it a try.” Dustin went up and yanked at the door handle. They heard a crack, and the entire car door came detached, much to the surprise of the onlookers.
After Dustin pried the door open, he unfastened the seat belt and quickly lifted the young girl to the side of the road. She suffered from head trauma, multiple fractures across the body, and massive blood loss in the abdomen. The situation did not look good at all.
“Quick! Call an ambulance and get her to the hospital!” someone yelled.
“We have no time for that. I’m a doctor. Let me give it a try.” After Dustin announced his identity, he took out at gold needle and immediately applied first aid to the girl.
“Get out of my way! All of you!” Right then, two women exited the red BMW. The mother was a plump lady in her fifties, and the daughter was an attractive woman in her twenties. One could tell that they were wealthy from their branded outfits and the way they were decked in jewelry, like walking Christmas trees.
“Hey! Do you even know how to drive? Are you blind?” Jane Engleton, the plump lady, pointed a finger at the woman in white and started scolding her. “Do you know how much our car costs? One million dollars! And it’s a new car!” She added, “You have to compensate us after turning our car into scrap metal! If you refuse, I’ll
send your family to prison!”
The woman in white was taken aback by the ferocity of Jane Engleton and apologized profusely. “I–I’m sorry. I didn’t do it on purpose. I did not see your car just now.”
“Is saying sorry enough? Do you take us as pushovers?” Jane pressed on. “I’m warning you now. You’ll pay me what the car’s worth. Add the compensation for mental damages on that, and you’re looking at at least 800 thousand to a million dollars in compensation to get this settled!”
“I–I don’t have that money!” The woman in white almost cried helplessly from the harassment.
“I don’t care! Sell your house or your organs. Do what you need to gather the money, or I’ll teach you a lesson!”
Jane threatened the poor woman.
Finally, Dustin had had enough and blurted out, “Can you be more shameless? It was you who reversed and crashed into the white car. How dare you demand compensation from the victim?”
The truth immediately woke the onlookers up. Upon examining the scene of the accident, it was the BMW that reversed and crashed into the Honda. Therefore, the BMW driver should be held fully accountable for the collision, but she had instead held the victim responsible.
“Nonsense! She crashed into my car!” Jane remained unfazed and coercive. “So what if I reversed my car? Her eyes were not focused on the road! Look, the lives of commoners like you are not worth much. Even if they died in a crash, they totally deserved it!”
The crowd instantly gasped at her outrageous remark.
###Chapter 249 by Marina Vittori
“Hey, you’re being unreasonable!” “Right? How dare she scolds the others when she’s the culprit? I’ve never seen someone as outrageous as her! “Talk no more. Let’s report her to the police!”
The crowd was annoyed at Jane’s arrogance and pointed fingers at her. “Shut up! All of you!” Hands on her waist, Jane yelled at them, “Do you know that we’re the Nicholsons from Glenstead? Even your mayor has to show us respect, let alone you worthless plebs! Make more fuss, and I’ll get you arrested!”
The accusatory voices instantly died down. An average citizen would not want to get on the bad side of the famed aristocratic Nicholson family from Glenstead.
“Mom, just ignore those peasants. Look at this. I’m hurt.” The young woman, Dakota Nicholson, suddenly spoke up as she pressed against her wound and winced.
“Are you hurt? Let me take a look!” Jane’s expression crumbled, and she hurriedly checked out Dakota’s injury. “Gosh, it’s bleeding. This is not good. Her face paled, and she scanned the surroundings until her eyes landed on Dustin. “Hey, you’re a doctor, aren’t you? Quick, give my daughter a checkup! She’s hurt!” Anyone would have thought that Dakota contracted a terminal disease from the worried look on Jane’s face.
“She’s fine. It’s just a scrape on the elbow.” Dustin turned around and glanced at Dakota’s injury before looking away.
“What do you mean? A scrape?” Jane immediately looked irritated. “My precious daughter has never suffered injuries. But she has a huge wound now. Of course we’ll have to treat it with caution. What if an infection happens?
“If you’re worried about wound infection, buy a bandaid at the pharmacy next door. If you keep dilly–dallying. the wound’s going to heal by the time you get to it,” Dustin.mocked her. He had never seen a woman as ridiculous as Jane, who kicked up a fuss over a tiny wound.
“What did you say? How could you ignore my daughter’s injury when you’re a doctor? Are you even human, you fuckface?” Jane was truly cross. No one had ever turned down her requests ever since she married into the wealthy Nicholson family.
“I have to set my priorities. This girl is fighting for her life. Your daughter’s wound is nothing compared to hers! * Dustin chided her.
“How dare you compare that peasant to my daughter?” With a glare, Jane rebuked him, “Dakota is the daughter of the Nicholson family–she’s important and precious! You cannot compare her to a commoner!”
“Yeah! She’s just a nobody. Well, if she dies today, just consider it her wretched fate!” The haughty Dakota towered over them. “Treat my wound now! It’s an order. If I get a scar from this, I will not let you off the hook!”
“Are you even human? Nobody speaks in that way.”
Chapter 249
“That’s right. Is a life worth less than your minor scrape?”
The indignant crowd gave their opinions.
“What now? Are you testing me? The audacity to talk back to the Nicholson family! Come here! Which one of
you wants to be the hero?” Jane hissed maliciously as the onlookers held in their rage in silence in the face of her insolence. Indeed, the average citizens were helpless when harassed and bullied by the rich.
“Madam, my daughter is in a critical state. Can you kindly allow her to get the treatment? Just think of this as my plea!” The woman in white plopped onto the ground with teary eyes.
“Hmph! Knock it off! I don’t care! My daughter has to be treated first!” Jane refused to budge.
“Are you deal? Do you hear what my mom said?” Dakota kicked Dustin but was infuriated when the man showed no response. “So, you’re refusing to treat my wound. Great! Don’t bother saving anyone today!” With
that, she went up to the young girl and pulled out the gold needle.
With the gold needle removed, the young girl started bleeding profusely again, and her face grew paler
because of that.
“Hm?” Dustin frowned and spun around with a deadly stare in his eyes. “Do you know what you’re doing? You might kill someone by pulling out the needle without thought!”
“So what? You can’t save any life without my permission.” Dakota crossed her arms on her chest, looking bold and arrogant.
Jane chimed in with the same attitude. “That’s right! If you don’t treat my daughter’s wound, you won’t get to
save that useless commoner!”
“Please Please show mercy and stop making things difficult for the doctor. I beg of you!” The woman in
white kneeled and pleaded to the Nicholsons, all while hitting her head on the ground. She knew she could not
afford to get on the bad side of the wealthy; her only wish was to keep her daughter safe.
“Try messing around again, and I won’t go easy on you next time!” Dustin warned Dakota.
She scoffed. “Oh! You got the guts, don’t you? Do you know who I am? How dare you speak to me in that way? Did you tell me not to touch anything? Well, I’m going to do it anyway!” While speaking, she moved to remove the needle again.
“Get lost!” Fuming. Dustin gave her a slap across the face. She yelped as she was flung ten feet away, even rolling on the ground after landing. Her fair skin was red and swollen. She even lost a few of her dental laminates.
“Shit! That doctor is mad! How dare he slap a Nicholson?” “Being hot–blooded is one thing; offending the Nicholsons is another. He might suffer because of it.”
The crowd murmured and cast sympathetic glances at Dustin.
“H– how dare you hit me?” Dakota got up from the ground, still a little dizzy and utterly baffled by Dustin’s move. From a young age, she was treated like a princess wherever she went. She had never been slapped, not to mention being slapped in public.
“So what? Don’t you deserve the slap for being rude?” Dustin wore a hostile expression on his face.
“How dare you hit my daughter? I’m going to fight you!” After the initial shock, Jane recovered and, her blood boiling, she launched an attack on Dustin. He merely slapped her, and she collapsed from the impact. The mother and daughter both fell flat onto the ground.
###Chapter 250 by Marina Vittori
“Mom! Are you alright?” Dakota’s expression crumbled as she quickly helped her mother up. She was both alarmed and enraged.
“Ouch! My teeth!” Jane wailed while pressing a hand against her face, feeling the stinging sensation. Her mouth was throbbing after it almost went out of shape from the slap.
“How dare you hit us? You’re dead! Your entire family is damned! Be a man and stay where you are! I’ll teach you a lesson!” An incensed Dakota started making calls and requesting backup, but Dustin had no time for her as he continued applying first aid to the poor young girl. Thanks to the magical needle, the young girl’s condition stabilized soon. At that time, the ambulance arrived at the scene.
“Your daughter is fine now, but her wound needs bandaging and careful care to heal.” Dustin placed the young girl onto the stretcher. Seeing that, the woman in white thanked him profusely before leaving in the ambulance.
“You enjoy being the hero, don’t you? Just wait and see. You’ll get flamed.” Jane and Dakota fixed their keen eyes on him, looking as though they wouldn’t let it slip.
Dustin scanned them from head to toe and commented mildly, “Rather than wasting time on me, you should really get checked at the hospital. From the looks of it, you’re suffering from blood stasis. You don’t have much internal energy, and your eyes are those of dead fish. I’m afraid your days are numbered.”
“Nonsense! You’re the one who’s dying! I’m fine!” Jane glared at him.
He raised a brow, looking amused, “Oh, you don’t believe me? Have you been feeling dizzy and weak these few days? And do you suffer from nosebleeds now and then?”
“How did you know?” Her expression crumbled a little. Indeed, she had been feeling sick, and the symptoms
matched his descriptions. However, she went for a checkup at the hospital and found no issues. Hence, she had put it to the back of her mind.
“It’s no cause for concern. Just a terminal illness,” he added nonchalantly.
‘T–terminal illness?” The color drained from Jane’s face. She was stunned by the diagnosis. How was a
terminal illness not a cause for concern?
“Mom, don’t listen to his nonsense. He’s obviously scaring you because he worries we’ll get back at him!” Dakota suddenly jumped in to assuage her. “You take supplements all the time. Why would you fall sick? And no sick person would be full of energy like you!”
“That’s right… I do not suffer from any illness! I’m in the pink of health!” Jane nodded furiously and jeered,” You bastard! I’m warning you–you’d better quit all that nonsense!”
*Judging from the progression, you’ll face a life–threatening situation in three days. On the first day, you’ll lose consciousness, followed by coughing up blood on the second day. You’ll be paralyzed on the third day. Three days later, you will be staring at death,” he remarked quietly.
It made Jane feel oddly anxious, and her heart skipped a beat. Still, she bit the bullet and bellowed at him, “Do you think I’m a coward? Tell you what–you can’t bluff your way out of this!”
“Believe it or not, it’s up to you. Take care.” He was uninterested in engaging further with the Nicholsons and
1/3
Chapter 250
left.
“Hey! Stand there! I didn’t tell you to leave!” Dakota was frustrated and went up to stop him, but his glare immediately put her in her place. She promptly stopped in her tracks out of consideration for her safety.
knowing that Dustin was a madman.
“Let him leave. He won’t run far. When our backup arrives, we’ll double down on him.” Jane had a hostile look
on her face.
During their conversation, they noticed a few black SUVS stopping by the intersection. The door slid open to reveal Florence and James. The two marched toward Jane and Dakota.
“Gosh! Jane! Dakota! What happened?” Florence, acting humbly, immediately started with pleasantries. Henry Nicholson’s family was a branch of the Nicholsons of Glenstead. However, due to Henry’s protest against an arranged marriage, he eloped to Swinton with his lover. The two families were not in frequent contact. After the demise of the Glenstead patriarch, Edgar Nicholson, the family in Glenstead sent two representatives- Jane and Dakota–to meet with Henry in Swinton, mainly to fulfill Edgar’s wish. Edgar’s last wish was for
Henry, the second son, to return to Glenstead.
“Hmph! How dare you ask us?” Jane was ashen–faced. “We came all the way to this tiny town of yours. Not only did you not host us well, but you also made us go through humiliation! It looks like your family doesn’t
want to reunite with us at Glenstead!”
Florence, James, and their companions almost peed themselves after hearing that. They were well aware of the perks of reuniting with the Nicholsons of Glenstead. The move would elevate the status of the Nicholson
family of Swinton, and they would never let the opportunity slip.
“Jane, please calm down. Let us know if you need anything else. I promise I’ll take care of it for you!” Florence hurriedly put on an apologetic smile.
James echoed her with confidence. “That’s right! We’ll take action on that rascal who hits you no matter who
he is!”
“What’s the use of saying that? He’s gone!” Dakota pouted crossly. If her grandfather hadn’t ordered them to get the task done, she wouldn’t have visited a small town like Swinton with her status.
“It’s okay! There’s a surveillance camera by the intersection. I will get someone to check on it right away and catch the culprit tomorrow to ensure justice is served!” Florence promised.
“Hmph! That’s more like it.” Dakota’s features softened, and she added. “Oh, and get the best doctor for me.”
“Dakota, are you hurt?” James looked shocked. He stole a few glances at her but did not see any tears on her outfit or any visible wounds.
“That’s nonsense! Didn’t you see that I’m bleeding from my elbow? Are you blind?” She scoffed while showing everyone the graze on her elbow. When they took a better look at it, they were baffled at what she described as an injury, for that was a wound that only required a bandaid.
“Why are you standing there? Get the car and send Dakola to the hospital! I’ll give you a whopping if you miss the golden hour!”
Florence was quick to slap James on the back of his head. Jane Engleton and Dakota Nicholson had the final say on whether or not Florence’s family could rejoin their Glenstead relatives. Therefore, she would treat the two women with the utmost respect.
“Okay” James dared not . Along with a few other relatives, he helped Jane and Dakota into the SUVS
like they were royalties. Then, they rushed the two women to the hospital.
###Chapter 251 by Marina Vittori
In the afternoon, several black SUVS abruptly screeched to a halt right in front of the entrance to Park Place. The doors opened, and the first to get out was a young man dressed in bright–colored clothes. With his handsome features and lofty demeanor, he carried an imposing presence. Following behind him were a group of martial artists clad Watching their departing figures, Stephan shouted out. ‘Inform Mrs. Harmon immediately!”
in eccentric uniforms, each of them emanating an intimidating air with their controlled breaths. It was evident that they were far from ordinary.
“This is the Harmon family’s territory. All of you, leave immediately!” the two bodyguards by the entrance warned them.
“Too loud.” With a wave of his hand, the two bodyguards flew away as blood spurted from their mouths. It was as if they were hit by a speeding car. The group of people then strutted into Park Place.
In the hall, Natasha was enjoying tea, and a copy of a financial report was in her hands. These past few days. because of the invention of Immortunol, business was going very well for the Harmon family, and the company stock prices were skyrocketing.
If this continued, Natasha would be able to replace Edwin’s status within a year and a half, becoming the first woman to be the wealthiest person in Swinton.
“Ms. Harmon, enjoying your day. I see.” She suddenly heard someone by the entrance and looked up, finding the group of eccentrically–dressed men. Leading them was a young man standing right at the center. “Who are you?” She raised her eyebrows.
“Hummer. Joshua Hummer,” he smiled faintly.
“So it’s you..
Natasha narrowed her eyes. “Mr. Hummer, don’t you think it’s too much for you to barge into my residence like this?”
“Is it? I don’t think so.” With an ambiguous smile, he continued, “Ms. Harmon, I’ll go straight to the point. I’m here for three things. First, Immortunol has caused considerable loss to the Hummers. Hence, you are to hand over the formulation. Second, my sister was humiliated some time back, which brought shame to the
Hummers. All thanks to a bastard named Dustin. Get your men to bring his head to the Hummer’s residence as an apology, and for the third. It’s simple. All you need to do is be a guest at Hummer’s residence tonight.”
Joshua spoke lightly like a master giving orders to his servant. Even the usually composed Natasha lost her cool when she heard him. “Joshua Hummer, did you hit your head somewhere? You want my man’s head? Who gave you the courage to speak that way?”
To spout unreasonable demands as soon as he walked through the door, this guy was too much!
“Natasha Harmon, I’m not negotiating. I’m giving you a chance. Know your place.”
“Hmph! Do you think you are in Hummer territory?” she slammed the table with force. Instantly, a huge number
Chapter 251
of bodyguards came out from different directions and surrounded the Hummer entourage.
“Ms. Harmon, what happened?” Stephan asked as the leader.
“Mr. Chapman, we have a few uninvited guests at home. Kindly show them the way out,” Natasha ordered coldly.
“Yes, ma’am.” Then, he glared directly at Joshua. “Dear guests, you are not welcome here. Please leave.”
“Hmph! A pity.” Joshua smirked. He suddenly disappeared like a ghost and appeared in front of Stephan.
“You Stephan’s pupils dilated. He was about to make a move when he realized he was already held in a chokehold. The next thing he knew, it became hard to breathe, and his limbs turned limp. He wasn’t able to muster an ounce of energy.
“The audacity of a low–level martial artist like you. Kneel!” Joshua lifted him single–handedly and slammed him to the ground,
An explosion– like sound echoed through the room, and the floor cracked open, leaving a crater in its wake while Stephan’s incapacitated legs sprayed out blood.
“Scram!” Joshua delivered a kick, aiming straight at his core.
With a grunt, Stephan was thrown a few meters away. He violently crashed into the wall, and blood spurted out of his mouth. That kick had dissipated Stephan’s internal energy.
“How insolent! Get them!” Natasha was furious. Under her orders, the bodyguards took out their batons and charged.
“Ants,” Joshua muttered in disdain.
With a wave of his hand, a surge of energy that could move mountains and seas burst forward and rippled toward them. Before the bodyguards could reach him, they were sent flying by the impact and fell to the ground. During that moment, groans could be heard all around.
“An external manifestation of energy? Have you achieved divinity?” A seriously injured Stephan locked on in horror.
Countless martial artists dreamed of achieving divinity. Skilled low–level martial artists could split open rocks and lift thousands of pounds of weight. However, compared to divine–level martial artists, their differences were like the sky and earth.
###Chapter 252 by Marina Vittori
Low–level martial artists were restricted to only channeling their energy through physical attacks, while divine- level martial artists surpassed human capabilities. With the ability to manifest energy externally, they were able to strike across space itself!
In the face of a divine–level martial artist, even the best low–level martial artists paled in significance. They existed on different planes of status and prowess.
The strange thing was that Joshua was only in his twenties. His talent in martial arts was terrifying for him to be able to achieve divinity at his age.
“Ha You’re quite perceptive.” Joshua smiled proudly, “Since you’ve realized I’m a highly–skilled, divine–level martial artist, you should understand my words carry weight.”
Natasha’s brow furrowed. So they’d come prepared, laying low all for this day.
“After you, Ms. Harmon. Don’t make me go on a massacre,” he smiled teasingly. A wealthy princess was nothing in his eyes.
“I hope you won’t regret it.” Natasha walked out with a sneer. She knew if she didn’t obey, everyone here today would die.
“Tell the Harmons to fulfill my demands, and Natasha will be safe. Otherwise, there’s no telling what I’d do to her.”
He took out an envelope. With a swipe of his hand, it shot out like a dagger and stabbed right into the door frame. Watching their departing figures, Stephan shouted out, “Inform Mrs. Harmon immediately!”
“What? Natasha has been kidnapped?” After the news arrived and Jessica was briefed about the situation, her expression hardened, along with the rest of the people present.
“How could that happen? We have dozens of bodyguards. How could Natasha be taken away?” Ruth was in disbelief.
“They were too strong. We were no match for them.” Stephan mourned. His legs were crippled, and his core was destroyed. He was as good as useless.
“Who was it? The audacity to kidnap my daughter!” Jennifer was furious.
“We’re not sure of their true identity, but they left a letter.” Stephan signaled his men to give the letter to Jennifer. She opened up the letter, and her expression grew dark as she read it. “Mom, what does it say?” Ruth asked impatiently.
“It says, before the sun rises, bring the formulation of Immortunol and Dustin to Hummer Villa as ransom.” Her tone was almost a growl.
“Hummer Villa? Isn’t that Edwin’s territory?” Ruth frowned. Did this have to do with the Hummer family again?
“Inform headquarters immediately. Get them to deploy the shadow guards for support!” Jennifer was solemn,” Make a call to Dustin as well. Ask him to come here immediately!”
“Mom, you can’t be thinking of surrendering him to them, are you?” Ruth implored.
“This happened because of him. Why should he be free?”
“But “No buts. Natasha’s safety comes first. Go now!” “Okay.” She pursed her lips as she made the call, not daring to go against her mom.
Meanwhile, at Peaceful Medical Center, Dustin’s expression turned solemn as he listened through his phone. He felt a surge of anger rising within him.
“I’ll be there right away.” He spared the nonsense and hung up, leaving the house in a fury immediately after.
He stepped on the gas pedal for the entire journey. Within 20 minutes, he arrived at Park Place. As soon as he walked in, the first thing he saw was the casualties lying on the floor. Stephan’s injuries were the worst. His face was pale as he constantly coughed up blood, and his core energy had been completely destroyed.
“Dustin, you’re finally here!” Ruth found solace in his appearance. “Who did this?” Dustin’s piercing gaze could kill “See for yourself!” Jennifer threw him the letter.
Dustin read it, and his temper flared. “The Hummer family are all pigheaded! It seems like they will never learn their lesson!”
“My daughter has been pulled into your mess. What do you plan on doing?” Jennifer questioned.
“I will definitely rescue Ms. Harmon,” he assured her.
“And if you fail?” she retorted.
“Then I’ll pay with my life!” Dustin’s expression grew solemn. “Hmph! At least you’re able to man up. My daughter’s affection has not gone in vain.”
###Chapter 253 by Marina Vittori
Suddenly, she clapped. Right on cue, a group of domineering martial artists clad in all–black gear strode in proudly.
Taking the lead was a woman with short hair. She had striking features that gave her a cool look. Because of her tight–fitting outfit, her figure appeared exceptionally curvaceous and left an impact.
Jennifer said impassively. “This is Isfrid. She leads team five of the Harmon family’s shadow guards and is highly skilled, Bring her team with you so you have each other’s backs.”
“Mrs. Harmon, forgive me for my bluntness, but our team is enough to ensure Ms. Harmon’s safety. Why do we need to involve outsiders?” Istrid gave Dustin a contemptuous once over. “Team five is well trained, and our teamwork is unparalleled. Having our members are more than enough to save Ms. Harmon. We can’t afford to bring along baggage since it will make the operation riskier. I hope you will reconsider, Mrs. Harmon.”
“Dustin is a good fighter, and the Hummer family asked for him personally. He has to be there,” she replied frankly.
“If that is the case, please have him listen to our orders and not get in our way, lest it affects our operation,” Istrid said unfeelingly.
An exceptional fighter, she was extremely confident in her abilities. Her team always worked in the shadows. but her skills were comparable to the highly skilled martial artists of The Hundred Immortals.
“Suit yourselves. I only have one demand–bring my daughter back to me alive,” she ordered solemnly.
“Yes, Mrs. Harmon.” Isfrid bowed before leaving arrogantly with her team behind her.
“Mr. Rhys, be careful. The Hummers have a highly skilled martial artist among them. He’s possibly achieved divinity,” Stephan warned Dustin.
“Achieved divinity? They’re mere ants to me.” With that, he left.
Night gradually fell.
Meanwhile, in the square outside Hummer Villa, a group of armored fighters sat around a bonfire, roasting a
whole lamb. Beside them was a dog cage, and inside the cage was a ragged woman. Her hair was disheveled, and her body was covered in injuries. It was clear that she had been tortured.
There was even a collar around her neck, which was attached to a dog leash held by an elderly man. That man
was Fletcher Lawson.
“Mr. Lawson, it’s about time. It seems like he’s too scared to come since he hasn’t shown up till now.” A bald
man smirked.
“Of course! With so many of us keeping guard here, who would send themselves to death? That punk has long fled!” Everyone chimed in, laughing heartily. Who would barge in foolishly when they knew it was a trap?
“Mr. Lawson, the woman in the cage is exceptional. Why don’t you allow us to enjoy her first?” the bald man
1/3
Chapter 25!
said with an evil grin.
“That’s right. Mr. Lawwon. We’ve been deprived for too long. How can we give up the chance when a beautiful woman is present?” the rest jeered.
It wasn’t the first time they’d engaged in acts of arson, murder, and looting.
“Play around if you must, but keep yourselves in check,” Fletcher said calmly.
“No problem.” The bald man chuckled, then approached the cage eagerly. He ripped the woman’s skirt apart, exposing her white thighs.
“What a beauty! Just as we thought!”
He licked his lips and pounced with a devilish smile. Just as he was about to carry out his intentions, a fleeting flicker of light sliced through the air with a faint whistle. Emerging from the darkness and piercing through the bonfire’s glow, a golden needle found its mark between the man’s eyebrows.
With a groan, his eyes widened as he convulsed. Soon, he turned stiff. He was rooted in place with no signs of
breath.
“Hey! What are you dawdling for? If you can’t do it, we’ll go instead. Don’t make us wait longer!”
“That’s right! There are so many of us waiting for our turn. Can you be faster?”
Nobody noticed anything strange. They were rushing him instead.
“Hey! We’re talking to you. Are you deal?”
A muscular man walked up and nudged his shoulder. Immediately, like a statue that had lost its balance, the bald man toppled to the ground.
The muscular man was shocked and extended out his hand. “What the fuck? He’s not breathing!”
He’d just finished his sentence when another faint whistle was heard. A second gold needle sliced through the air and embedded straight between his brows. Falling to the ground with his head up, he died instantly.
“What’s happening?” Everyone looked at each other in dismay. They only reacted when they saw blood
between the victims‘ eyebrows.
“We’re being ambushed! Stay alert!” Following the shouts, the fighters took out their swords, looking around in
all directions.
“Who the fuck is it?”
“Step out if you dare! You’re a pussy for hiding!”
The crowd roared incessantly.
Right then, a sudden, powerful gust of wind whipped through the surroundings. Illuminated by the street lights,
a tall, slender figure walked into the villa with deliberate steps.
Fletcher took a closer look and suddenly let out a laugh. “How brave. He really walked into the lion’s den.”
“Release her immediately!” Dustin ordered coldly. His voice wasn’t too loud, but it reverberated across the
2/3
Chapter 253
whole villa. His expression was impassive, but his gaze was as cold as ice.
“Know your place! There’s no need to think about being a hero when you’re dying soon.”
Fletcher waved, “Get him! Whoever brings me his head first will be rewarded 100 million!”
100 million?” The crowd of fighters was excited.
There was nothing money couldn’t solve, and a lavish reward would certainly give birth to brave warriors.
People would kill friends and relatives for 100 million, not to mention a stranger.
Get him!”
The crowd roared and rushed forward without delay.
“Attack!” Suddenly, a group of all–black, masked assassins emerged from the darkness. They had a knife in
one hand and a crossbow in the other. Although they were few in numbers, all of them were well–trained.
Pushing forward, they surrounded the Hummer family’s fighters. It was like nothing could stand in their way. They were the shadow guards led by Istrid.
Although the Harmon family’s shadow guards were not well–known, they were all handpicked talents among hundreds of candidates. They were specifically tasked with removing obstacles and eliminating dissidents for
the Harmon family.
“See that? This is the true power of the Harmon family’s shadow guards!” Istrid emerged from the darkness
and stood beside Dustin.
###Chapter 254 by Marina Vittori
Coldly, she said, “Wait here, and don’t run off. I don’t want you to cause us any trouble. Understand?”
“They have highly skilled fighters among them. Your men won’t be able to handle them.” Dustin responded. flatly.
“Ha! What a joke! I’ve fought in countless battles, and I’ve seen it all. A burn like you will never understand how strong we are.” Her expression grew colder.
“Having confidence is commendable, but don’t be too blind. You should always believe there is someone. better out there,” he reminded.
“Shut your nonsense. Just stay here as I told you to. I won’t forgive you if you ruin our operation!” she shouted coldly before joining the fray.
Dustin didn’t say anything more and narrowed his eyes, staring silently at Fletcher. Seated behind him were a few martial artists clad in eccentric clothing. From their breathing patterns, Dustin could tell that they were all the best low–level martial artists, with two of them already considered a high–level martial artist.
“So he has backup. No wonder he dared be so wild.” Even though his men were going down, Fletcher wasn’t anxious. In fact, his expression showed one of amusement.
It didn’t matter if they died since they were just cannon fodder. The real fighters were seated right behind him. There weren’t many of them, but they were all ranked on The Hundred Immortals.
Especially the twin brothers with the code name Darkwrath and Lightwrath. They were the seventh and eighth on The Hundred Immortals, respectively. They practiced the dark arts, and their moves were terrifyingly lethal. When they fought separately, they were comfortably ranked in the top ten. When they joined forces, their power
doubled.
Of course, besides the twins, another highly skilled martial artist was hidden within the villa. That person was ranked third on the Hundred Immortals–Judge. Whenever Judge appeared, only a trail of death would follow.
Regardless of how many fighters the Harmon family sent, they were all going to meet their demise.
After a brutal fight, hundreds of the Hummer family’s fighters were left lying on the ground. The shadow guards of the Harmon family, on the other hand, had suffered only a single casualty and five injuries. Their losses were relatively minimal in comparison.
“Hmph! You dare kidnap Ms. Harmon with these pitiful weaklings? You should have known better!” Istrid stood with a sense of pride. With a swift downward flick, droplets of blood glistened as they splattered off her sword. She looked gallant and imposing.
“Impressive! The Harmon family’s shadow guards are indeed Impressivel Fletcher applauded with a smile.
“Since you’re aware of our skills, why aren’t you releasing the hostage yet?” Istrid pointed her sword forward.
commanding attention,
“The person you’re looking for is right here in this cage. Come save her yourself if you have the guts.”
Fletcher overturned the dog cage with a kick, and the woman inside trembled in fear. However, her disheveled
appearance made it difficult to discern her features.
1/2
Chapter 254
“Ms. Harmon?” Istrid’s expression hardened, and she rushed forward with her men. As they neared the cage. Istrid drew her sword and severed the chains with a resounding clang.
“Ms. Harmon! Are you okay?”
Istrid opened up the metal door and was about to save the woman inside when the woman suddenly flashed an evil grin, With a sudden wave of her hand, she threw out a barrage of yellow powder that was highly toxic. Any ordinary person who came into contact with it would surely meet their demise.
Istrid’s pupils constricted, and she immediately stepped back, covering her mouth and nose to avoid inhaling the dust.
“Hah… You reacted quickly. You almost fell into my trap,” the woman chuckled lightly, pushing her hair aside to reveal a pale and unfamiliar face.
“Who are you?” Istrid’s brow furrowed. It was fortunate that she dodged in time, or she would have been in trouble.
“That’s not important. What’s important is how much your head is worth.” the woman replied and launched another attack, thrusting her knife forward.
“Hmph!” Istrid’s longsword quivered as it severed the woman’s arm and, at the same time, pierced through her chest with lightning speed.
“So fast. The woman’s eyes widened as she toppled backward.
###Chapter 255 by Marina Vittori
“How weak.” Istrid wore a disdainful expression as she scanned her surroundings.
“Anyone else?”
“Interesting” Leering at her curvaceous figure, Darkwrath licked his lips in excitement. “Hey, pretty lady, let me have a taste of you!” As he spoke, his toes tapped the ground, propelling him forward like a ghostly shadow. His body flickered in and out of existence, making it hard to figure out his movements, Istrid bellowed, “Die!”
With a flick of her sword, two blades that were both swift and deadly danced forward. Just as her attack was about to hit their target, Darkwrath suddenly vanished from thin air. “Hey, pretty lady, where are you looking?”
She heard a sinister voice behind her, and her expression changed slightly. Without looking back, she thrust her sword backward. She was fast, but Darkwrath was faster, and her sword sliced through the empty air.
Taking advantage of her distraction, Darkwrath grabbed her butt forcefully. Chuckling obscenely, he remarked,” Soft and supple. What a treasure.” He didn’t harm her, clearly reveling in playing with his prey like a game of cat and mouse.
Fueled by the humiliation, Isfrid erupted in fury. “You will pay with your life!”
Her sword danced with rapid speed. In an instant, she was enveloped in a whirlwind of swirling blades that radiated with shimmering brilliance. Yet, Darkwrath continued to flicker in and out of existence, appearing to be at ease and in control.
Istrid was out of breath when Darkwrath suddenly wrapped her in an embrace from behind. His tongue slithered out on her face, and he licked her slowly and forcefully.
“Beauty, you’re delicious! I’m going to eat you tonight!” He chuckled devilishly, his face full of lust.
“You’re seeking death!” Her eyes were red from a mix of anger and embarrassment. She redirected her sword. toward her own abdomen, intending to deal a severe blow to Darkwrath through herself.
However, Darkwrath was obviously prepared as he pressed a finger onto a pressure point on her body. She let out a muffled groan and collapsed to the ground, her arm feeling so numb that she was unable to hold up her
sword.
“Who… who are you?” she asked in shock and anger. She didn’t expect her opponent to be that strong.
“I am Darkwrath, ranked eighth on The Hundred Immortals.”
Realization struck Istrid, and her expression changed. It was no wonder he was so formidable–he was among the top ten highly skilled martial artists on The Hundred Immortals.
“Pretty lady, what’s the point of serving the Harmon family? You’d be better off with me. I’ll make sure you live
1/2
Chapter 255
luxuriously, and every night will be like our honeymoon!” Darkwrath licked his lips, smirking obscenely.
“How dare you!”
“You insolent bastard!”
Seeing their leader humiliated, the shadow guards behind Isfrid couldn’t hold back any longer and brandished their swords, charging toward him.
“Fools.” Darkwrath sneered and propelled out into their midst. With a swift motion, two steel claws extended out from his sleeves, piercing through the throats of two shadow guards. He then yanked back forcefully. painting the air with blood and flesh.
The two shadow guards let out an anguished shriek before dying an immediate death.
That wasn’t the end, as his steel claws continued to strike fiercely and relentlessly. Like a violent storm, he was unstoppable. In the span of a few breaths, the entirety of the shadow guards were left lying on the ground. Half of them were dead, and the other half were seriously injured.
###Chapter 256 by Marina Vittori
“It’s over. It’s all over now.” Looking at the scene before her, Isfrid’s face turned ashen, and her expression was full of despair. She had barged in full of confidence, but she didn’t expect to encounter Darkwrath here. In terms of raw strength, ultimately, she was the loser.
“Allow me.” Dustin had somehow ended up beside her.
“You?” She frowned. “I’m not even his match. What can you do? Leave immediately! Don’t throw your life away like that!” Even though she looked down on him, she didn’t wish for him to die in vain. “Hey! I’m talking to you.” Seeing his lack of reaction, Istrid’s frustration grew.
“This guy is unpredictable. He’s also ranked in the top ten of The Hundred Immortals. You’re no match for him.
I’ll buy time for you. Escape while you can! When you get back, ask Mrs. Harmon to send a highly skilled
fighter. Go!” She bellowed out her last word.
As the leader of team five, naturally, she wouldn’t leave her teammates behind and escape on her own. That
was why she needed someone else to deliver the message.
“So what if he’s ranked eighth? He’s nothing but a mere ant.” With a frosty expression, Dustin pushed forward.
“Hey! Are you crazy? Do you know what you’re doing? This is not the time to try to be brave. You’re never going
to beat him. What you’re doing is sending yourself to certain death.”
Istrid was both anxious and angry. She’d never seen anyone so foolish to choose to light a losing battle. This
guy was hopeless.
“Kiddo, you should have taken her advice. If you’d escaped earlier, you might’ve had a chance at living. But now, goodbye.” Darkwrath’s mouth curved up into a sinister smile. While he spoke, he licked the blood on his
steel claws like a maniac.
“Where’s Natasha? Let her go, and I’ll let you live. Dustin ordered coldly.
Everyone present was stunned. Nobody expected those words to come out of his mouth.
“Kiddo, you’re pretty wild for someone who’s about to die. It seems like I need to teach you a lesson for you to
recognize my prowess!” Darkwrath finally lost his patience as his expression turned cold.
With one step forward, he propelled out like a rocket, charging toward Dustin with sheer force. Once he was
near, he waved his hand, and his steel claws shimmered like rays of light, alming straight for Dustin’s throat.
“Run!” Istrid shouted. That was the move that killed most of her team. Even she might have difficulty dodging it.
“Can you outrun me?” Darkwrath grinned devilishly and sped up.
“Lend me your sword.” With a tap of his fool, the sword on the floor sprung up and landed firmly in his hands.
He flicked his wrist, and the blade pierced Darkwrath with a shimmer and a thunderous whistle. What followed was the sound of a deafening clang of metal. The shimmering blade shattered Darkwrath’s steel claws, and without stopping, pierced through his neck. His body stiffened as if he had turned to stone. A thin line of blood formed slowly at his throat. Soon, the bloody line grew larger, quickly turning into a gaping wound.
The next second, his head, like a ball, rolled off the ground with a thud and straight to Istrid’s feet, his widened
eyes staring right into hers. He had died a regretful death.
###Chapter 257 by Marina Vittori
“Uh…” Isfrid was bewildered at the sight of the head beside her feet.
Who would have imagined that the mighty and incomparable Darkwrath would be killed so easily? He was ranked eighth of The Hundred Immortals! He had decapitated the entirety of team five on his own. It was preposterous for him to be killed with one strike of the sword.
“What?” Looking at the headless body. Fletcher was taken aback as well. He knew Dustin was strong but didn’t realize he was that strong. With just a strike of his sword, he killed Darkwrath, ranked eighth of The Hundred Immortals. It seemed like only Judge, who was ranked third, would be able to suppress his formidable strength.
“You … you killed my brother?” Lightwrath finally stood. His pale face appeared ghastly.
He allowed his brother to play his game of cat and mouse without intervening since victory was within reach. He didn’t expect a highly skilled martial artist to be hidden among them. On top of that, that highly skilled martial artist unexpectedly brought about his brother’s demise.
“I gave both of you the opportunity to attack together. He’s the one who didn’t appreciate it,” Dustin responded flatly.
“You’re seeking death!” Lightwrath flew into a rage. He took out two pistols and charged forward violently.
“All of you, go!” Fletcher commanded.
Finally, the remaining few highly skilled, ranked martial artists joined the fray and flanked Lightwrath to protect him as they surged forward, attempting to encircle Dustin.
From their perspective, even if Dustin’s skills were formidable, he wouldn’t be able to hold back their collective assaults. After all, he only had four limbs.
“It’s over. It’s really over this time!” Istrid grew increasingly worried as she watched the martial artists, all ranked on The Hundred Immortals, join forces in the attack.
Although she was surprised by Dustin’s performance, she knew that victory and defeat in a battle between skilled martial artists hung by a thread. Dustin could turn out victorious if it were a one–on–one battle, but when going against numerous opponents, only certain death would face him.
“Hmph!” Faced with the approaching Lightwrath and his group, Dustin remained still and swung his sword once more. With a sharp whistle, the sword glimmered across the air.
Lightwrath and the others appeared to have been cursed in place, their movements coming to a halt. Their legs gave way, and they collapsed to their knees. Finally, heads rolled off onto the ground in succession. splattering blood all over the floor.
Immediately, a dead silence engulfed the area. Isirid and the rest of the shadow guards looked on in shock and disbelief.
If Darkwrath’s death was described as the result of an ambush or a surprise attack, then, right now, it would be described as the result of sheer strength. One single strike had slain a number of skilled martial artists ranked on The Hundred Immortals. It was truly terrifying!
Chapter 257
When Istrid thought of how she had looked down on him, she was filled with shame. It turned out that she was
the true bum.
“Release her, or die!” Dustin ignored the lifeless bodies on the ground, staring straight at Fletcher. It was as if
he was looking at a dead man.
“You
How could you. Fletcher broke out in a cold sweat, looking terrified. Dustin’s prowess made him
see the man in a new light.
“Release her!” Dustin repeated. He spoke straight to the point, yet it was exceptionally domineering.
“You just you wait!” Fletcher panicked. Without another word, he rushed into the villa.
Hummer Villa was vast, with an entire hill enveloped within its grounds. While the outer square was filled with chaos, inside, it was bustling with music and wine. A group of esteemed guests was gathered in the luxurious villa, attending the Hummers‘ party that was currently underway. Their focus was all on Joshua and Jade.
###Chapter 258 by Marina Vittori
“Mr. Hummer! Something terrible has happened!” Fletcher suddenly rushed in, stumbling in his steps. His disheveled and panicked appearance looked extremely out of place.
“What’s with the commotion?” Joshua’s expression turned cold, and he appeared upset. “Speak up. What’s wrong?”
“D–Dustin is out here on a killing spree!” Fletcher reported in a whisper. “Oh?” Joshua raised an eyebrow. “He dares barge in here despite knowing it’s the lion’s den? Is this kiddo really that brave?”
“What do we do now, Mr. Hummer?” Fletcher asked anxiously.
“What do you mean? Get Darkwrath and Lightwrath to kill him. Don’t let him interrupt our party.” Joshua waved him away.
“Mr. Hummer he’s already killed them both!” Fletcher was somber.
“Huh?” Joshua frowned. “When Darkwrath and Lightwrath join forces, even Judge would need to exert his full strength. Is this kiddo that skilled?”
“It would have been great if they joined forces, but they were too arrogant and gave him a chance to defeat
them,” Fletcher sounded helpless.
“Those fools! What useless trash!” Joshua was displeased. He was upset to have to expend extra effort on an ant that was supposed to be easily squashed.
In the midst of their conversation, the huge doors to the villa were kicked open with a deafening crash. A tall figure strode in with a murderous look.
“Listen up, Hummers. I’m giving you three minutes. Let her go immediately. Otherwise, nobody is leaving this place alive.” Dustin scanned his surroundings, his voice cold.
The hall exploded in a frenzy when they heard him.
“Who is this punk? How dare he make a scene at the Hummers“? Doesn’t he value his life?”
“If you don’t want to die, scram right now. Otherwise, your end will be near!”
“Fuck! Who is this punk? He’s so wild.”
Everyone present whispered and pointed in righteous indignation.
“Everyone, please calm down. I’ll handle it.”
Joshua walked slowly to the center, a faint smile playing on his lips. “You must be Dustin. Kneel and apologize to my honored guests tonight, and I might spare your life.”
“Who do you think you are? You’re not worthy for me to kneel before you,” Dustin responded coldly.
Joshua’s expression turned dark. “Kiddo, do you know who you’re talking to? Do you think you can act recklessly here just because you defeated Darkwrath and Lightwrath? Let me tell you, those two are just like you, mere ants in my eyes.”
“You have two minutes left.” Dustin was stone–faced.
Joshua chuckled, “I’ll give it to you. You’re fearless for someone nearing death.” With a sneer, he ordered. Judge, I’ll leave this person to you. Deal with him cleanly. I don’t want blood to stain the floor.”
“No problem!”
–
Right then, a middle–aged man in a long robe suddenly leaped wn from the second floor. He had a tall stature and wore a mask. He held a relatively short, steel spear in his hand, exuding a chilling air around him.
“Damn! Isn’t that Judge, who is ranked third on the Hundred Immortals? I can’t believe he’s here!”
“With Judge here, there is no escape. This punk is dead for sure!”
After the long–robed man appeared, the hall erupted in another frenzy. Judge had a well–known reputation to his name, and his sudden appearance was bound to bring forth a torrent of bloodshed.
“Dustin! We’re here to assist you!” At this moment. Isfrid and a few injured shadow guards staggered into the room.
“You won’t be of any help. Go wait at the side,” Dustin remarked flatly. Isfrid frowned after hearing him. It was the first time in her life being shunned as such.
“Even though we’re not as skilled as you are, we still have our merits. It would be advantageous to have more numbers,” she said with a resolute expression.
“Suit yourselves. Just don’t stand in my way.” Dustin couldn’t care less. “You” She pursed her lips. As an exceptional female fighter, she’d never experienced such blatant disregard. No matter what, she was determined to showcase her full strength, to prove to the person before her that women were as formidable as men.
Just as the thought crossed her mind, she glanced ahead and noticed Judge standing right in the center. She froze on the spot.
“What’s going on? Why is Judge here? Did the Hummers invite bystanders to the fray?” Isfrid was secretly apprehensive and worried at the same time.
With the warrior ranked third among The Hundred Immortals here, they were going to suffer an immeasurable loss. That was because Judge’s skills far surpassed those of Darkwrath and Lightwrath–they weren’t even on the same plane.
This screamed trouble!
###Chapter 259 by Marina Vittori
“Kiddo! I’m giving you two options. Either you kneel before Mr. Hummer or die!” Judge’s tone was frosty, and his gaze was stagnant like a pool, calm and impassive. He’d been killing since he was ten and had a body count of hundreds, if not thousands.
“I choose death. Come at me if you can.” Dustin beckoned him forward with his finger.
“How insolent!” Judge’s gaze turned increasingly frosty as he launched his spear forward. Like a canon, it shot
straight for Dustin’s chest.
Dustin stood unmoved and grabbed the spear, flinging it back. With a sharp whistle, it shot back out toward Judge with greater speed.
Judge sneered and mirrored Dustin’s stance, grabbing his own spear. However, as soon as he grabbed hold of it, it was as if he was struck by lightning. He staggered backward, his feet skidding along the ground, leaving deep imprints with each step.
“How could this be?” Judge’s expression changed, and he exerted his entire strength in an attempt to stop the
momentum of his steel spear.
A gaping wound was forming between his thumb and index finger, and his fingers were turning into a bloody
mess of flesh and blood from the sheer force of energy. Even so, he didn’t dare let go.
“Ahhh!” As he realized that no amount of force would be able to stop his weapon, he let out an anguished
scream, and his expression was full of despair.
“Save me, Mr. Hummer!” he screeched loudly, losing his previous arrogance.
Before the crowd could react, his spear trembled and escaped from his grasp, piercing straight through his
chest. With a final whistle, it embedded into the wall, disappearing out of sight, leaving only a hole the size of
an egg.
Moaning painfully, Judge looked at his wrangled hands and the gaping hole in his chest. His mouth opened like he wanted to speak, but no sound could be heard. Falling backward onto the ground, he died in grievance.
In the end, the mighty, third–ranked Judge met his demise at the hands of his own weapon.
Silence engulfed the scene as the crowd looked on in shock, their eyes fixed on the lifeless body of Judge sprawled on the ground. This outcome was beyond anyone’s imagination. They had been certain that Dustin would meet his end with Judge’s appearance. However, with just a casual flick of his hand, Judge was
impaled by his own spear.
Nobody reacted as the entire situation happened abruptly. Some of them couldn’t even believe it. Just like that, the warrior ranked third among The Hundred Immortals had fallen. His death was so sudden and bizarre that they wouldn’t have believed it if they hadn’t seen it with their own eyes.
“Oh my goodness, where did this monster come from?” Istrid was completely dumbfounded, her eyes wide
open.
Darkwrath, Lightwrath, and Judge were all highly–skilled experts ranked on the Hundred Immortals. However, Dustin handled them like they were mere vegetables on a chopping board.
1/2
Chapter 259
It was truly terrifying!
“Damn it! Who is this kid? He actually killed Judge!”
“Who knows? He’s truly talented for his age and skills.”
Whispers filled the air, and they took in Dustin’s figure with tinges of awe.
“Kiddo. I didn’t expect you to have skills like that. I underestimated you.” Joshua was slightly taken aback but sneered again after a brief moment.
The Hundred Immortals was a power ranking for low–level martial artists. However, compared to divine–level martial artists, they fell short by more than a mile.
At present. Joshua was already a divine–level martial artist and had the potential to challenge the ranks of The Heavenly Immortals. In his eyes, a low–level martial artist like Judge was no different from an ant. Just like how Dustin had killed him instantly with a single strike, he could do the same, and with even less effort.
That was the true power of a divine–level martial artist.
“Release her, or die,” Dustin said coldly.
“Kiddo, don’t be too arrogant! Do you think you can act recklessly in front of me just because you killed Judge? Let me tell you honestly, I’m already a divine–level martial artist. I can destroy you, ordinary people, with
nothing more than a flick of my finger!”
As Joshua spoke, his arms trembled, and a terrifying air emanated from him.
###Chapter 260 by Marina Vittori
Under Joshua’s impressive prowess, the guests in the hall began to retreat involuntarily. It felt as if rocks were pressing on their chests as their breathing grew heavy.
“Damn! Mr. Hummer is impressive. He’s already achieved divinity!” “He’s truly deserving to be Boulderthorn’s genius. To achieve divinity before the age of thirty, he’s truly a terrifying man.”
“Although a low–level and divine– level martial artist only differed in a single word, the disparity in strength, just like their name, was like heaven and earth. This kid’s strong, but he’s still a weakling in front of Mr. Hummer.”
The crowd started a frenzied discussion as they witnessed Joshua’s imposing presence and arrogance.
At that moment, Tina, who was among the crowd, burst into laughter. “You fucking bastard! How dare you cause a scene at Hummer Villa? Look at yourself in the mirror! Give him a good beating for me, Joshua!”
“I have good taste in men. He’s so cool.” Jade’s lips curled up into a smile, and she looked at Joshua with a gaze full of affection.
A divine–level martial artist in their twenties was a desirable catch anywhere. Not to mention, he was Boulderthorn’s direct disciple. Talent, skills, background–he had it all. Promising individual like him was few and far between in the whole of South City.
She was proud and pleased with her choice. Her man would definitely make a name for himself in the future.
As long as Joshua married her, he would definitely receive the full support of the Grant family. As long as the family focused on nurturing him, then there would be a chance for him to be the second Tyler Grant.
Edwin chuckled heartily, “The Hummer family has experienced consecutive setbacks, but today is the day to restore our prestige.”
Edwin watched the entire scene happening below from the second floor of the villa, a proud smile adorning his face. How could he not be happy with such a talented son?
“What? The Hummer family has a divine–level martial artist in their midst?” Istrid paled from the shock. As she took in Joshua’s commanding presence, her legs started trembling involuntarily.
Divine–level martial artists were one in a million. It wasn’t something that could be achieved through sheer
effort, and it also required exceptional talent. Some practitioners would spend their entire lives without attaining divinity. However, once they did, it would completely transform their lives for the better!
There were more than a hundred martial artists among the Harmon family’s shadow guards, but only one had
achieved divinity. And that was the commander of the shadow guards.
“Isfrid, what should we do now? With a divine–level martial artist as our opponent, we won’t be a match for
him even if all of us joined forces.” The shadow guards behind her also had terrified expressions.
Isfrid remained silent, looking at Dustin instead. Even though she wanted to save Ms. Harmon badly, with the
Hummer’s divine–level martial artist present, it was inevitable for them to retreat.
1/2
Chapter 260
Joshua was smugly pleased to see Dustin fall silent. “Hey, kiddo! Are you afraid now? You must be feeling
terrified! This is the disparity between us. To me, you’re just a mere ant! I’ll give you a chance now. If you don’t want to die, kneel immediately!”
He’d never shown himself since he became a divine–level martial artist, which explained why not many people
knew about it.
Today was a good opportunity for him to make a name for himself and rise to prominence!
“So what? If you don’t let her go today, I will kill you!” Dustin was stone–faced. It was as if he was looking at a dead man.
“Kill me?” Joshua scoffed. “Kiddo, it seems like you haven’t realized the gravity of the situation. Since you don’t seem to value your life, allow me!”
With that, he waved his hand, and a burst of violent energy ripped toward Dustin with full force. Dustin didn’t dodge it, allowing the burst of energy to crash into him as he stood unmoved.
“Hmm?” Joshua narrowed his eyes, looking slightly surprised.
When a divine–level martial artist manifested energy externally, even a minor attack was not something a low- level martial artist could take on. Since his opponent could use his body to hold off the attack, it meant he was. highly skilled.
“I didn’t expect you to have such abilities up your sleeves. No wonder you were able to kill Judge. But it’s too bad that you have to go up against me! Today, I will let you witness the difference between low–level marital artists and divine–level martial artists. Watch me!”
Joshua grunted lightly as his body soared into the air like an eagle, aiming a slap toward Dustin’s forehead.
The wind howled fiercely as his clothes fluttered in response. Under his terrifying prowess, the crowd retreated once again, afraid of being entangled in the conflict.
###Chapter 261 by Marina Vittori
Isfrid and her team, who were standing behind Dustin, had it worse. They had difficulty breathing and staggered backward involuntarily.
“Is this what a divine–level martial artist is like? How frightening!”
The crowd looked at each other in apprehension, silently worried.
“Fool.” Dustin sneered coldly at Joshua’s oncoming attack and made a move, landing a fierce slap on his face. The thunderous slap sent Joshua into a backflip in the air, and he landed head first onto the ground.
At that moment, everyone was stunned into oblivion.
“What the fuck!”
Everyone was shaken by the abrupt scene. No one could have imagined that the previously heroic Joshual would fall by Dustin’s slap, and they wondered if it was a coincidence or an accident.
“Josh!” Jade and Tina’s expression paled as they rushed up to him. They helped him up to his feet while he was still feeling dizzy.
*Josh, are you alright?” Jade was taken aback and worried.
“What happened just now?” Joshua shook his head, appearing dazed. Everything happened so suddenly that he didn’t notice Dustin’s movements. He only felt his sight go dark, and the next thing he knew, he was thrown to the ground.
“You
—
were beaten to the ground by that bastard,” Jade explained with a strange expression.
“No! That’s impossible!” Joshua could never believe it. “How could he have hit me? I must have slipped and fell on my own!”
“That’s right! You must have slipped!” Tina nodded furiously beside him.
“Kiddo! That didn’t count. Let’s go again!” Joshua couldn’t admit defeat. With a tap of his feet, he launched himself out again.
Another clear, booming slap rang out before he was launched back with even greater speed. Joshua suffered a crushing defeat and was badly battered.
The crowd was shocked once again. They could have explained his first victory as the result of a coincidence or accident. But the second victory was absolutely remarkable.
“Let her go,” Dustin spat out coldly.
“You
—
y–you’ve gone too far! I won’t be able to sleep if I don’t kill you right now!” Joshua flew into a rage and. pushed the two women beside him away, launching himself toward Dustin for the third time.
This time, instead of his empty lists, he took out a dagger from his waist. With a weapon in hand, his attack would be exceedingly lethal!
“Go to hell!” As he drew near, Joshua swung his dagger forcefully. A sharp whistle was heard, and only the gleam of the dagger was seen. It aimed toward Dustin’s forehead with fierce velocity.
Dustin stood still, allowing the incoming assault to occur. With a loud bang, the dagger exploded as it came into contact with his forehead, dissipating into sparks of light.
“What?” Joshua’s pupils dilated in horrified shock.
How was that possible?
Dustin had taken his slash head–on, literally. But Joshua was the divine– level martial artist! Any slash of his would break open boulders. Even a block of steel would slice in half with his previous attack, but Dustin blocked that attack with his head!
“Impossible! I must have been mistaken!” Joshua shook his head furiously, unable to believe it
###Chapter 262 by Marina Vittori
Joshua gritted his teeth and brandished his dagger again.
“Die!” He exerted all his strength into this attack, channeling every ounce of his internal energy. He believed Dustin wouldn’t be able to block the attack even if he was made of steel.
“Hmph!” Dustin had clearly lost his patience. As he watched the oncoming assault, he moved and grabbed the blade firmly. Tightening his grip, two crisp metallic crunches were heard, and the dagger made of refined iron was crushed into pieces.
“What?” Joshua was bewildered. Before Joshua reacted, Dustin extended out his arm again, pressing a finger on his chest.
“Boom!” The next second, it felt as if his bones had disintegrated as he fell limp to the ground. Feeling numb all over, he couldn’t move an inch.
“You What did you do to me?” Joshua was shocked and horrified. He never dreamed that he would be defeated by an unknown kid.
He was a divine– level martial artist! Boulderthorn’s direct disciple! He should have been invincible in Swinton after his return.
Why? Why couldn’t he even defeat this punk? Where the hell did he come from? “Let her go!” Dustin ignored him, looking at him condescendingly from above as it he was looking at an ant.
“Punk! You can’t be my opponent. What trick did you use?” Joshua still couldn’t believe it. He couldn’t accept that a small fry like Dustin would destroy an exceptional fighter like him.
“You speak too much nonsense!” Dustin was irritated and stomped violently on Joshua’s knees.
With a crisp crack, his knees sprayed blood everywhere. Joshua screamed in agony as his face contorted in pain and beads of sweat dripped down from his face.
“How dare you!”
“You insolent bastard!”
When they saw Joshua getting injured, the crowd erupted in anger.
A large number of the Hummer family’s guards swarmed in from different directions, surrounding Dustin in no time. These guards were armed with guns. They had clearly made preparations in advance.
“Rhys! Let go of my brother! Otherwise, after my command, you will be shot to oblivion!” Tina screeched, putting on a front.
Even though Dustin was powerful, he was still a mass of flesh that could get injured and bleed. With so many armed guards surrounding him, he wouldn’t be able to escape unscathed.
“Fire if you dare. I’d like to see who’d die first.” Dustin remarked coldly, without a hint of fear. “You fire. Tina was exasperated. Since Joshua was right beside Dustin, he would also get shot if they opened.
“Dustin Rhys! We’re in Hummer Villa. This is not a place for you to behave atrociously. Let him go! Otherwise. you will regret it!” Jade’s expression was stone cold. She didn’t expect Joshua to be defeated by Dustin either.
However, in this world, bravery changed nothing. Power was more important. Joshua had the Hummer family and Boulderthorn behind him. After she married him, he would also have the support of the Grant family. Who would dare challenge him then?
“I’ll regret it? I’d like to see how much I’ll regret it!” As he spoke, he stomped on Joshua’s other leg, breaking it.
###Chapter 263 by Marina Vittori
After a short moment of astonishment, Joshua let out an ear–piercing scream. He sounded like a pig sent for slaughter.
“How dare you, you imbecile!” Edwin’s eyes almost popped out of their sockets. He couldn’t believe Dustin had the guts to chop Joshua’s arm off in front of everyone. He’d crossed the line!
“You–how dare you harm Josh!” Jade shrieked. How could a peasant like Dustin dare to rebel against them like this? Did he have a death wish?
“Rhys! You’re dead meat!” Tina screeched. Dustin had humiliated her before: now, Joshua was the one suffering. How could the Hummer family possibly face the world if they didn’t get revenge for this?
“Let her go,” Dustin said coldly.
“Fuck you! You have hell to pay for harming my brother!” Tina snarled.
Dustin didn’t waste his breath. Instead, he brandished his sword and swung it lightly, slicing Joshua’s other arm off. Blood splattered over the floor, and Joshua’s right arm landed in a pool of it. He howled again, his face contorting in a mask of pain. Sweat beaded on his forehead. Now, he was no different from a lamb up for slaughter. His earlier arrogance and dominance had dissipated.
“You abomination!”
“How dare you!”
“This is outrageous!”
Dustin’s second attack brought about more furious exclamations. It was bad enough that he’d chopped
Joshua’s left arm off; he’d now made things worse by chopping off the right one as well. It was an insult to the
Hummer family’s dignity and pride!
Amidst their fury, the members of the Hummer family came to a conclusion–Dustin was a madman!
“Let her go!” Dustin brandished his sword again. This time, he pressed it to Joshua’s neck. The cold, steely
look in his eyes made the onlookers subconsciously shudder. They’d seen their fair share of nefarious
characters, but this was their first time coming into contact with the cold, inhumane look in Dustin’s eyes. He
wasn’t mad, nor had he raised his voice.
On the contrary, he’d been calm and collected throughout the whole exchange. However, the more he acted
like that, the more terrifying it was. There was no doubt in everyone’s minds that he would behead Joshua if
the Hummer family didn’t do as he said.
“Let … let her go!” Edwin forced out through gritted teeth, ultimately choosing to give in. He couldn’t take this
bet, not with Joshua’s life on the line. He’d already witnessed how ruthless Dustin could be.
“Dad!” Tina couldn’t believe her ears. Were they, the almighty Hummer family, going to give in to a brat?
“I said, let her go!” Edwin turned to bellow at her. Nothing mattered more than Joshua’s life. Tina bit her lip and loosened Natasha’s ties.
As soon as she was free, Natasha gave Tina two tight slaps. Tina stared at her, dumbfounded. “That’s only the interest you owe me. I’ll collect the rest of my debt later.”
With that, she turned and strutted toward Dustin. She’d never been the type to suffer in silence–since she’d been slapped, she had to return the favor.
“Why, you- Tina gnashed her teeth, looking humiliated. Dustin and Natasha were too obnoxious for words!
###Chapter 264 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin, we’ve already let her go, so it’s your turn!” Edwin tried his best to suppress his rage. If not for Dustin pulling such dirty tricks, he wouldn’t be in this situation!
“I didn’t say anything about letting anyone go.” Dustin obviously wasn’t going to let the matter slide. “You abducted Ms. Harmon and harmed members of the Harmon family. Do you think I’ll let you off the hook so easily?”
“Rhys, I’m waming you–don’t take this too far!” An ugly look crept onto Edwin’s face. “This is the Hummer
family’s territory; you’re dreaming if you think you can walk out of here unscathed! Now, I’m giving you a chance. Let Josh go, and I won’t begrudge you for everything that’s happened before this. Otherwise, you won’t step a foot out of here without getting injured!”
Jade added, “He’s right! Let Josh go, or you’ll be making an enemy out of the Grant family!”
Dustin didn’t say anything and glanced at Natasha. If she were to give the order, he’d behead Joshua without batting an eye. However, Natasha said calmly, “Losing both arms is good enough to teach him a lesson. Leave him alive for now.”
She wanted nothing more than to kill Joshua, but he was an esteemed disciple of the Boulderthorn Guild and Jade’s fiancé. If she were to take his life, she’d only be causing trouble for herself. Dustin would also become public enemy number one to the Boulderthorn Guild and the Grand family. Things wouldn’t be so easily resolved then.
Dustin nodded. “Alright. I can let him live, but he still has to pay for what he’s done.” With that, he kicked Joshua in the abdomen, sending him flying as he howled in pain.
Edwin and the others cried out his name and ran over to him, helping him up. He spat out a mouthful of blood as his face contorted in a mask of pain. He forced out through gritted teeth, “Dad, he–he destroyed my cultivation!” That earlier kick had shattered his core.
“What?” Edwin and the others were horrified. Joshua would be no different from a cripple with his cultivation and core destroyed. Edwin’s eyes bulged with rage as he roared. “How dare you ruin my son’s future, you brat!” They could find a way to reattach Joshua’s limbs, but there was no way to recover from a shattered core.
“Dustin, you and your whole familys dead meat! From this day onward, you’re the Grant family’s biggest enemy! I’ll chase you to the ends of the earth!” Jade shrieked, her face filled with deep hatred. Joshua had been her ticket to a great future: Dustin’s kick had ruined everything.
“I bet you didn’t think karma would come back to bite you in the ass when you bullied and murdered innocents. *Dustin said coolly. “What goes around comes around–since you committed crimes against others, I’m here to commit crimes against you and give you a taste of your own medicine.”
‘Dustin Rhys! From this day onward, the Hummer family, the Grant family, and the Boulderthorn Guild will be
out for your blood! We won’t rest until you’re dead!” Edwin roared.
“Come at me with everything you have. I’d like to see what you have in store for me.” Dustin didn’t even flinch. He would’ve beheaded Joshua with the first swing of his sword if not for the consequences it would bring Natasha. Then again, he didn’t intend to let the Hummer family off the hook. If they really chased him to the ends of the earth, he’d eradicate them.
“Shoot him! Hurry!” Tina shrieked.
“Yes, ma’am!” A team of gun– wielding bodyguards cocked their guns and aimed them at Dustin. However, before they could pull the trigger, Dustin swung his sword. A beam of light shot toward the bodyguards, slicing them clear through their waists. In that instant, pained cries pierced the air. That was only a portion of Dustin’s ability, and he’d taken out more than twenty people with a single swing of his sword!
“T–this…” Everyone else was dumbfounded–they didn’t dare move.
“Let’s go.” Dustin didn’t linger. He kept an eye on Natasha and the others to ensure their safety while walking out. Tonight, he’d singlehandedly dealt a devastating blow to the Hummer family. He was invincible!
###Chapter 265 by Marina Vittori
As they walked out of Hummer Villa, Natasha, who’d put up a strong front earlier, suddenly felt her knees buckle under her. She almost fell flat on her face. Dustin quickly caught her and asked worriedly. “Are you okay? Do you feel sick?”
“No. I’m just out of strength. My knees feel like jelly.” She shook her head. She’d been on edge earlier; now that she could relax, she felt weak.
“Ms. Harmon, I’ll carry you!” Istrid stepped forward and volunteered to help her. “I don’t want to inconvenience you when you’re seriously injured,” Natasha said.
“I’m fine. These injuries mean nothing.” Istrid patted her chest to show she was okay. “You’re seriously injured if I say so!” Natasha’s tone suddenly became stern. She glared at Isirid.
“Huh?” The realization dawned on Istrid when she glanced at Dustin. “Oh, uh, yeah. I feel really dizzy.”
“I’ll do it.” Dustin looked helpless as he swept Natasha into his arms. She had a strong personality but was only an ordinary woman–she had to be in shock after experiencing an abduction.
“Thanks for tonight.” Natasha smiled sweetly and leaned her head against his firm chest. His masculine pheromones made her heart race. Perhaps this was what people meant when they talked about a sense of
security.
“It’s no big deal. I couldn’t stand by and watch when a friend’s in trouble, right?” Dustin smiled.
“Am I only a friend?” Natasha raised an eyebrow, looking slightly bitter.
“What else could you be?” Dustin pretended not to know what she was talking about.
“Hmph! You’re so dense!” Natasha frowned and chomped down on his shoulder. Dustin hissed in pain but didn’t dare retaliate. “This is a mark I’m leaving on you. You belong to me for as long as this is around. I’ll bite you to death if you dare reject me!” She bared her teeth as she spoke.
Dustin grimaced but didn’t dare say anything to refute her. He savored the feeling of her soft and pliant body in his arms; he couldn’t help feeling aroused as her sweet scent enveloped him. They hadn’t known each other long, but he’d unknowingly started to fall for the vivacious woman. That was why he’d been so anxious when he heard about her being abducted. It was also why he’d devastated the Hummer family.
At this moment, Hummer Villa was in a mess. Dustin had crashed the place and slaughtered their men with a single blade, even crippling Joshua, who was the Hummer family’s pride and joy. The Hummer family’s dignity and arrogance had been flung to the ground and repeatedly stomped on.
“Dad, I’m crippled I’m crippled!” Joshua howled as he lay in bed. With his core shattered and cultivation destroyed, his life was over.
“Josh, don’t panic. I’ll immediately have our men search for a miracle doctor. I guarantee I’ll spare no expense and pay any price to have you cured!” Edwin said.
Chapter 265
Jade nodded vigorously. “He’s right, Josh. You’ll definitely recover from this! The Grant family has an abundance of rare medicines. I’m sure they’ll help to restore your core!”
“A full recovery isn’t the only thing I want–I also want to get revenge! I want that Rhys brat to pay for this!” Joshua snarled.
“Don’t worry, I’ve already informed Mark about this. He’ll be here in no time. That brat will be dead meat when
Mark arrives!” Jade said.
“Mark?” A trace of hope flashed in Joshua’s eyes at this. “No matter how powerful that brat is, he’s no match for Mark!” Joshua had only achieved divinity a few days ago. He’d yet to fully adapt to this change, and his foundation had been shaky. That was why he could only manifest 50 to 60 percent of his abilities. Marcus Kent, on the other hand, had already achieved divinity three years ago and had even ranked among the Heavenly Immortals. He was more than enough to deal with Dustin.
“Killing him swiftly would be letting him off easy. I say we go after everyone related to him so that he can see what it’s like to be public enemy number one!” Tina spat.
“You’re right. Issue an order for everyone to focus on catching Dustin and his posse. Whoever brings me his
head on a platter will receive a reward of a billion dollars!” Edwin commanded. With that, everyone in the
Hummer family got to work. As the word spread, everyone was raring to go, especially when they heard about
the reward.
At Park Place.
Jessica paced the living room, looking worried. Ruth also fidgeted restlessly, obviously anxious. Quentin was
the only one who looked unruffled. In truth, he’d been delighted by the news of Natasha’s abduction. If
anything were to happen to her, there was a high chance of him taking over the company. Of course, in a best- case scenario, both Dustin and Natasha would die at Hummer Villa. That way, Quentin would finally have
gotten his revenge!
“Mrs. Harmon!” The butler ran into the living room.
“So? Is there any news on Natasha?” Jessica’s heart leaped to her throat. Though she believed the Hummers wouldn’t do anything rash, she couldn’t be absolutely sure.
“The shadow guards just sent word back that Ms. Harmon’s been rescued. She’s a little roughed up but is fine
as a whole,” the butler said.
“That’s great!” Jessica heaved a sigh of relief, looking joyful.
“I knew she’d be fine! How could anything happen to her?” Ruth laughed.
Quentin gnashed his teeth, looking pissed. He’d stuck around for so long to receive such terrible news–what was wrong with the Hummer family? How weak could they be, allowing Natasha to get away so easily?
“As expected, we made the right choice by mobilizing the shadow guards. Otherwise, this rescue mission
wouldn’t have been so successful.” Jessica smiled.
“Mrs. Harmon, the shadow guards weren’t the ones who rescued Ms. Harmon,” The butler’s expression
Chapter 265
became a little odd.
“Who else could it be? Don’t tell me the Hummers voluntarily let her go.”
“The Hummers didn’t free her of their own volition, and neither did the shadow guards contribute to rescuing Ms. Harmon,” the butler said. “Mr. Dustin Rhys was the one who singlehandedly saved her. He slaughtered Darkwrath, Lightwrath, Judge, and the Hummer family’s elite army. No one in the Hummer family was a match for him!”
His words dumbfounded Jessica and the others. Dustin had singlehandedly defeated so many people? Was he truly human?
###Chapter 266 by Marina Vittori
The following morning, at Peaceful Medical Center. Dustin got up early, washed up, and started preparing breakfast. As usual, it was his signature dish, deviled eggs. It was simple but smelled amazing. He’d just brought the food to the dining table when someone walked in.
“Wow, that smells great!” It was Dahlia. Today, she wore a smart suit and heels. Her hair was in a ponytail, revealing her fair and slender neck. She looked happy to see the food. ‘Are those deviled eggs? How did you know I hadn’t had breakfast yet, Dustin? Since you prepared this for me, I won’t stand on ceremony!” She sat down and started to dig in.
“This isn’t “Dustin was about to say something when his bedroom door swung open to reveal a gorgeous woman standing there.
“Darling, I’m starving. Is breakfast ready yet?” It was Natasha. She had on an oversized shirt. As she stretched, it dipped to reveal her cleavage. “Hmm?” She and Dahlia met each other’s gaze. They were both equally
stunned.
“What are you doing here?” they asked simultaneously. The air crackled with electricity, and the tension was
so thick one could slice it with a knife.
“Dustin, what’s going on here?” Dahlia locked hostile. She could tell that Natasha was wearing Dustin’s shirt. That, coupled with the fact that Natasha was coming out of Dustin’s room, was more than enough for even a
fool to tell that something was afoot.
“Don’t get the wrong idea. It’s not what you think.” Dustin wanted to explain, but Natasha cut him off.
“Darling, since she’s caught us redhanded, we might as well come clean. There’s nothing to hide, anyway!”
“So, you slept with her? Dahlia bit her lip, looking jealous. She’d always thought Dustin could keep it in his
pants; she was obviously wrong.
“Why bother asking when it’s obvious?” Natasha tugged the shirt lower to reveal more of her cleavage.
“Nothing of the sort happened.” Dustin felt a headache coming on. “Ms. Harmon was injured yesterday, so I brought her back here to treat her. Nothing else happened.”
Dahlia took a closer look at Natasha and noticed the wounds on her body. Even so, she couldn’t keep the jealousy from her tone as she said, “Why didn’t she go to a hospital if she was injured? Why come here?”
“I can go wherever I want. It’s up to me.” Natasha smirked. “Correct me if I’m wrong, but you two are divorced,
right? If so, it’s none of your business even if anything were to happen between me and Dustin.”
“So what if we’re divorced? We can always remarry!” Dahlia glared at her, refusing to back down.
“Do you think marriage and divorce is a game? What do you take Dustin for?” Natasha’s smile faded. “Ms. Nicholson, one shouldn’t be too greedy. Since you’re the one who chose to give up, you should bear the
consequences accordingly.”
“Everyone makes mistakes; it’s fine as long as they realize where they went wrong and correct them. I made a mistake in the past, but now, I’ll do whatever I can to make it up to him!” Dahlia glanced at Dustin as she spoke, seemingly hinting at something.
“Since you refuse to give up, let’s see who’s better at this.”
###Chapter 267 by Marina Vittori
Natasha shrugged and sat at the dining table. She pulled the deviled eggs to her and said with a smile, “Thank you for breakfast, darling. You’re so considerate!”
“That’s where you’re wrong. These eggs are mine.” Dahlia pulled the eggs back. “It’s been three years, but I’ve yet to fall out of love with Dustin’s cooking. Besides, he knows I love deviled eggs.”
“Ms. Nicholson, stop thinking so highly of yourself. What’s in the past is just that–the past. These eggs belong to me now.” Natasha didn’t back down. She dragged the eggs to herself again.
“Ms. Harmon, robbing someone of something they love isn’t the best habit to have. These eggs have been cooked to my taste; they only suit me!”
“What makes you think I don’t like deviled eggs? I love anything Dustin cooks!”
“Hmph! Just because you like them doesn’t mean they suit you!”
“It’s up to me to decide whether they’re suitable!”
The conversation between the two women became increasingly heated as they dragged the plate of deviled eggs back and forth. Neither of them wanted to back down. It was as if they’d lose something precious if they were to give in. Dustin felt a headache coming on as he watched them duke it out. Honestly, he didn’t think he was worthy of their affection.
At the entrance to the guest bedroom, Caitlyn stuck her head out to peek at the commotion. She asked in confusion. “Max, what do you think Ms. Harmon and Ms. Nicholson are doing? Do they need to act like this over some eggs?”
“Caitlyn, you’re too young to understand the intricacies of a relationship between a man and a woman,”
Maximus mysteriously said as he stroked his chin. “They’re not fighting over the eggs, but their dignity as
women!”
“Dignity?” Caitlyn still didn’t get it.
“Dustin personally cooked those eggs; whoever gets to taste them first wins this round.” Maximus looked in awe. “As expected, he’s truly admirable–beautiful women surround him, yet he remains unaffected by them.
Look, they’re about to get into a brawl, but Dustin still looks so calm and collected. He truly is someone to look
up to!”
Dustin, with his sharp senses, heard this. He turned around to glare at Maimus and Caitlyn. The two heads immediately shot back into the room. A few seconds later, they sneaked out again.
“Dustin, you decide! Who do these eggs belong to?” After an inconclusive argument, Natasha and Dahlia
turned to look at Dustin. They looked like they wouldn’t give up until they had the answer they wanted.
Faced with the toughest question he’d ever been asked, Dustin’s lips twitched, sweat beaded on his forehead.”
Uh these are my eggs!” he blurted out. He grabbed the plate and scooped all the eggs into his mouth. With nothing left to fight over, the crisis had been averted.
“Hmph!” The two women glared at each other before turning away in opposite directions, still refusing to give in to each other.
*As expected of Dustin–only he would’ve thought of such a great idea!” Maximus was in awe of Dustin’s ability to avert such a deadly crisis: he wanted to drop to his knees and worship the ground Dustin walked on. He was amazing! Perhaps this was what a true pro was like.
Dustin was the first to break the silence after finishing the eggs. “Dahlia, did you come here for something?”
“Do I have to have a purpose for coming here?” Dahlia still looked miffed.
“Uh, no.” Dustin looked a little awkward.
“I came because we’re having guests; you need to meet them with me. In fact, you might make some money from this. I don’t want people saying you’re leeching off me.” Dahlia gave Natasha a pointed look as she spoke.
“What’s wrong with him leeching off someone? Others may not even have the chance to do so!” Natasha didn’t bat an eye.
Before long, the women started squabbling again.
###Chapter 268 by Marina Vittori
“Ms. Nicholson, did you come here because you wanted something from me?” Dustin asked when he saw how tense the atmosphere was. “What, do I have to have a reason for coming here?” Dahlia glared at him.
“I didn’t mean that.” He looked awkward. “Whatever. Let’s get down to business– you know Dr. Rowan Cross, right? I want to ask him to examine someone.” Dahlia stopped beating around the bush.
“Examine someone?” Dustin sized her up, then checked her pulse. Confused, he said, “Aside from being a little out of whack, you’re fine. You just need to control your emotions and diet.” your period
“You’re the one who’s out of whack!” Dahlia glared at him again, her face turning red. “I didn’t say I was the one who needed an examination–it’s for a relative of mine who suddenly fainted yesterday. She’s been complaining of a headache, but the hospital said she’s fine. She wanted Dr. Cross to examine them just to be sure.”
“I see.” Dustin nodded. “There’s no need to bother Dr. Cross for something as simple as that–I’m more than enough.”
“You?” Dahlia eyed him doubtfully. “Can you handle it?”
“My medical center’s been around for a number of years now. Wouldn’t it have closed down long ago if I didn’t have a few tricks up my sleeve?” Dustin said confidently.
Dahlia was speechless. She’d never seen any patients in the dingy medical center; how was it different from being closed down?
“We can forget about it if you don’t trust me.” Dustin shrugged.
“Who said anything about me not trusting you? You’ll do!” Dahlia said decisively. “I’ll be frank–this relative of mine is a pretty big deal, so if you can cure her, it could be your ticket to success. You won’t have to leech off anyone anymore when that happens.” As she spoke, she gave Natasha a pointed look.
“What’s wrong with leeching off someone?” Natasha puffed out her chest. “At least my darling is capable of leeching off someone–others may not be able to do so even if they wanted to!”
Dahlia snorted. “No upstanding man would want to be at a woman’s beck and call. Think about how humiliating that’d be!”
“What good is a man for if not to serve a woman? He can’t fool around with himself, can he?” Natasha rolled her eyes.
“Why, you-“Dahlia was exasperated. How could this woman be so crude? She wasn’t ladylike in the slightest!
“Alright, that’s enough. We should focus on whatever’s ailing your relative. Let’s head to the hospital.” Dustin quickly interjected when he saw the two women were about to start quarreling again. He dragged Dahlia out of the medical center.
“Darling, be back soon, okay? I’ll be waiting for you!” Natasha called, smiling seductively and sending him an air kiss. At the same time, she undid another button on her shirt to reveal more of her cleavage. Dustin stared at her.
“Hmph!” Dahlia stomped on his foot and gave him a warning look. He smiled awkwardly and retracted his gaze. “Get in the car!” She stuffed him into the car before speeding off.
“Do you think you stand a chance against me, you flat–chested preteen?” Natasha smiled victoriously as she looked down at her voluptuous chest. It was enough to put any woman to shame, and none of her future children would ever go hungry.
Half an hour later, in one of the wards at East Swinton Hospital.
“My head hurts! I feel like it’s gonna split in half!” Jane lay in a hospital bed and clutched her head, occasionally smacking it to alleviate the pain.
“Mom, hold on for a little longer. Dr. Cross will be here soon.” Dakota kept comforting her. Nobody knew what had happened–Jane had suddenly passed out yesterday and kept complaining about a headache when she’d come to. They’d done all the examinations possible, but the results showed nothing was wrong with her.
“I shouldn’t have come to this accursed place. We’ve had problem after problem since arriving. First, someone crashed into our car. Then, I got slapped for no reason at all. Now, I’m having a terrible headache. What have I done to deserve this?” Jane looked positively miserable.
“We’ll head home once you’re okay; we’re never coming to this dump again!” Dakota said. Then, she turned to Florence, who stood at the ward’s entrance, and screeched, “What’s taking so long? When is Dr. Cross coming? Tell him to hurry!”
“Of course, of course.” Florence didn’t dare delay. She hurried out of the ward, took out her phone, and was about to dial a number when she saw two people approaching her–Dahlia and Dustin. “Dahlia, you’re finally here!” Her face lit up as she hurried toward them. “Your aunt’s headache is getting worse, and the doctors here are too useless to do anything about it. Dr. Cross is our only hope now! Where is he?” She looked around but didn’t see him.
Dahlia shook her head. “He’s busy with something else and can’t be here.”
“What? What are we gonna do, then? Florence was taken aback. Had they waited for nothing?
“Dustin has some medical expertise. How about we have him give it a shot?”
“Him?” Florence frowned. “Have you lost your mind? How can this good–for–nothing possibly know anything about treating a patient? Who’s gonna bear the responsibility if anything goes wrong?”
“He cured Granddad when he was poisoned, remember? I have faith in him,” Dahlia said firmly. She’d
misunderstood Dustin one time too many; this time, she chose to trust him unconditionally.
“Stop this nonsense! Your grandlather only made it through because of Dr. Cross‘ Hexanavir, it had nothing to do with this man!” Florence scowled, looking contemptuous.
“Do you have a better idea, then?” Dahlia asked.
“Well, I- Florence had no words.
LINDRY 200
“Since we’re out of ideas, why don’t we let Dustin try? We can think of something else if it doesn’t work.” Dahlia’s tone became domineering.
“Rhys, you’d better watch what you’re doing. Don’t you dare try to pass just about anything off as a cure!” Florence warned. The two people in the ward were her cash cows. If anything were to go wrong, she’d be in big trouble.
“Let’s see how the patient’s doing.” Dustin didn’t want to waste his breath on her.
“Hmph! Come with me!” Florence led Dustin and Dahlia into the ward. Once she stepped in, her arrogance faded, replaced with a fawning smile.
“Florence, what the hell took you so long? Where is Dr. Cross?” Dakota asked impatiently.
“I’m here!” Florence said sycophantically, gesturing to the people behind her. “Behold the doctor we’ve brought!
“Huh?” Dakota and Jane looked up, then exclaimed in unison. “It’s you?”
###Chapter 269 by Marina Vittori
“It’s you!” Dakota was momentarily taken aback when she recognized Dustin. Similarly, he looked at her funny with a hint of astonishment. Never had he expected that the two bitches were the relatives that Dahlia had mentioned to him. What a small world!
“Oh, did you know each other?” Dahlia’s quizzical gaze traveled between the two. “Not only are we acquainted,” Dakota hissed through clenched teeth, “He’s also the guy who beat us up yesterday!”
“What?” Everyone was surprised to learn that.
“Um, Dakota, did you get the wrong person?” Florence questioned cautiously.
“No! How could I? I’d recognize him even if he turned into ashes! I also suspect my mom’s gotten a headache from his slap!” Dakota seemed merciless.
“Right! I must have fallen sick because of that slap! Get someone to arrest him!” Jane was bellowing in bed. She had been unable to put yesterday’s events behind her, and she was extremely furious upon meeting her
enemy again.
“Dustin, what’s the matter? Why did you hit them?” Dahlia was baffled to learn that he had a grudge against
Jane and Dakota when she introduced him to her Glenstead relatives.
“They deserved it, Dustin replied bluntly. “They reversed and crashed into another car, almost killing the victim. But they acted unreasonably like two bullies. I slapped them across their faces because I couldn’t
stand them anymore.”
“You rascal! Do you know who they are? How dare you hit them?” Florence was incensed to learn that Dustin had laid a finger on her two Goddesses of Fortune. She took it as a personal affront as well.
“Don’t waste your time talking to him! Call the police now!” Dakota seethed resentfully.
“No, wait!” Dahlia jumped out to stop her. “This might be a huge misunderstanding. There’s no need to make this a bigger issue than it is. Why don’t we have Dustin work on Aunt Jane’s illness to make up for his
mistake?”
“Hmph! Nobody needs his help!” Jane spat on the ground. “Just look at his behavior. What if he makes things worse? Will anyone take the responsibility?”
“That works. I have no intention to cure you either,” Dustin said in an unperturbed manner. “Oh, by the way, do not forget what I told you before–headaches on the first day, coughing up blood on the second day, and paralysis on the third day. You’ll suffer a sudden death on the fourth day. Since today is the second day, it will not take long before you start coughing up blood. By that time, you’ll have to leave your fate in the hands of
God.”
“Y–y–you’re a jinx! Quit the nonsense! As Jane trembled in anger, her headache worsened as well.
“See? Did you hear him? How dare he curse my mom! This is an order–get him arrested! If you don’t. I’ll hold you accountable! Dakota started ordering people around. Florence’s face fell, and she yelled at Dustin,” Dustin Rhys! Apologize to them now! If you don’t, I will not go easy on you!”
Chapter 269
“Apologize to them? They don’t deserve it.” Dustin chortled. “If anything, they should be apologizing to me. It they do that, I might consider saving the mother.”
“Bullshit! Who do you think you are? You aren’t qualified to treat my mom!”
“Yeah! With our status, we can hire any skilled doctors we want! We don’t need you showing off here!”
Jane and Dakota were being stubborn. In their eyes, an ordinary man like Dustin had no business attending to
their medical needs.
“Hah! Sure, keep being stubborn, I do hope you don’t have to beg me in the end.” Dustin chuckled with a shake of his head.
“Beg you? What a joke!” Jane sneered. “Look, even if I am suffering from a horrible headache or in so much pain to the point of jumping off a building. I still wouldn’t give in to you!”
“Okay. We shall see.” Without further ado, Dustin took leave. Dahlia frowned at his exit, but after a moment of hesitation, she ran after him.
After they left, James brought in an old man dressed in a cloak and dashed into the bedroom. “Mom! The skilled doctor you asked for is here!”
“The skilled doctor? Where is he?” Florence asked in a hurry.
James jumped aside and presented the old man in a cloak, introducing him, “This is Dr. Fenton Reyes from Bloomington Medical Center in Stonia. He’s a veteran in his field and had ancestors who were royal
physicians! No doubt, his skills are legendary!”
“Royal physicians?”
###Chapter 270 by Marina Vittori
Florence, Jane, and Dakota were delighted by the doctor’s presence. They could tell that he came from an impressive background just from how James described him. Jane and Dakota believed they deserved the best. such as seeing a skilled doctor like Fenton Reyes.
“James. Dr. Reyes is a legend in Stonia. How did you get him to show up?” Florence asked curiously. James smiled. “Well, it wasn’t me. It was Mr. Langford who arranged for Dr. Reyes to see Aunt Jane.”
“Mr. Langford?” Florence’s eyes lit up upon hearing the name.
Luis Langford was an aristocrat from Stonia who wielded great wealth and influence. He was also well- connected in the military and the government. More importantly, the Langford family was a close friend of the Nicholson family of Glenstead, Morcover, the Glenstead Nicholsons were greatly interested in an arranged marriage between Luis and Dahlia. In other words, if Dahlia was willing, she could marry into the wealthy Langford family in no time, elevating the entire family to greater heights!
“That’s very thoughtful of Mr. Langford! He immediately asked for a skilled doctor to see my mom after hearing about her sickness. This way, Dr. Reyes!” Dakota led the old man to Jane’s bed.
He asked, “Where are you hurting?”
“I have a headache! My head feels like it’s splitting in hall!” Jane scrunched up her face. She seemed feeble and lifeless.
“I’ll take a look.” The old man carefully placed his stethoscope on Jane. A few moments later, he replied, There doesn’t seem to be an issue. I assume you are just sleep–deprived and stressed out.” With that, he took out a medicine bottle and poured three white pills. “Take one pill a day for three days, and you’ll be fine.”
*Awesome! Thank you. Dr. Reyes.” Jane was beyond joyful. Florence took the chance to suck up to the doctor,” You’re indeed the legendary Dr. Reyes! You managed to cure an illness that has gotten many doctors in a bind!
“Hmph! That Rhys guy was fear– mongering when he said my mom would cough up blood! He’s talking crap. A fake like him should be dealt with!” Dakota said unhappily.”
“Right! When I’m recovered, I will get him!” Jane swallowed a pill. However, her headache only worsened after that, to the point where she was in greater pain and drenched in cold sweat.
As she was about to question the doctor, she coughed violently, her face red from the exertion.
“Mom! What happened? Are you okay?” Dakota asked her with concern. Soon, Jane opened her mouth and coughed up a mouthful of blood that splattered across her face.
“What was that?”
Everyone in the room was shocked by Jane’s declining condition. They exchanged confused glances with each other.
A frantic Dakota hurriedly called for the doctor. “Dr. Reyes, what’s wrong? Why did she cough up blood?”
“That’s odd. I’ll take another look.” The old man furrowed his brow and went ahead with the checkup. Not longafter, his expression became grim as he sighed. “I am sorry. Your mother has a terminal illness. She’s in the late stage. I’m afraid she doesn’t have much time left.”
“Huh? A terminal illness?” The people in the room were stunned. Didn’t Dr. Reyes just say that Jane would be line? Why did he suddenly change his diagnosis?
“I am not knowledgeable enough to help you with this. I shall take my leave now.” The old man hung his head in shame. Then, he shook his head and stood up to leave. The others stared at him agape and panicked soon after.
“Headaches on the first day, coughing up blood on the second day, and paralysis on the third day. Was that guy right?” Jane mumbled to herself and suddenly broke into a scream. “Quick! Get Dustin Rhys back here!
Now!”
###Chapter 271 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia caught up with Dustin at the hospital entrance and pulled on his arm. “Hey! Stop! You’re walking too fast. I almost couldn’t catch up!”
“I’m really sorry. I can’t handle those relatives of yours. You should get some other doctor to deal with them.” Dustin remarked coolly. He was aversed to the two difficult women and refused to engage with them.
“Did I force you to cure Aunt Jane? Why are you being sensitive?” She rolled her eyes at him.
“Well, I thought
“What? Did you think I’m an unreasonable woman who’d force you to grovel at them?” she scoffed.
“No, I didn’t.” He flashed an embarrassed smile at her, feeling rather uneasy at her newfound considerate personality.
“Alright. I know they’re in the wrong. Just stay away from them in the future.” She dispensed a kind reminder.” They’re from a wealthy and powerful family in Glenstead. Even Natasha Harmon couldn’t protect you if you get into trouble with them.”
“Is that so? They sound quite remarkable, then.” He smiled carelessly.
“They’re beyond remarkable! The three powerful families in Glenstead are steeped in history, dating back to a few centuries ago. They are well–connected in the military, government, and business field–living up to their reputation!” She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. “Well, I had planned to bring you along and suck up to them. I didn’t know you got into a fight with them. What can I say, except that you’ve missed the opportunity to get rich!”
“Oh, no thanks. I don’t need that opportunity.” He shrugged.
“Hmph! Seems like you don’t appreciate my help at all!” She rolled her eyes at him once more, but a little
flirtatious this time.
“Hey! Dustin Rhys! Stop!” Dakota emerged out of nowhere, drenched in sweat. “My mom coughed up blood just now! I’m telling you to get back there and check on her!” To catch up to Dustin, she opted to use the stairs
instead of the elevator, which explained her current breathless state.
“Oh, I recall that someone has vowed not to seek my help even if she has to jump from a building in pain! Why did she take back her word?” he mocked.
“Quit the nonsense! Do what I tell you to!” She glared at him. “I will write off the slap if you cure her, and I’ll grant you a chance to forge a connection with us.”
In her eyes, the chance to suck up to her family was a rare opportunity for a worthless man like Dustin Rhys.
“Well, sorry. I don’t care for that opportunity.” He looked unbothered.
“Dustin Rnys! Think carefully. Not everyone gets a chance like this! You should feel honored that I granted you the chance!” Dakota tossed her head. A spolled princess from a young age, she was accustomed to acting. arrogant and getting showered with compliments everywhere she went.
Chapter 271
“No. That is too great of an honor,” he turned her down without hesitation.
“You’d better not think too highly of yourself! I wouldn’t have stopped you if you weren’t a half–decent doctor.
Don’t be delusional!” She frowned at him.
“If so, please leave. I shall not see you out,” he said with a shrug.
“You-” She choked on anger at Dustin’s stubbornness. She would have gotten him torn apart if they were in
Glenstead. “Dustin Rhys, what will it take for you to help us? Give us an offer if money is what you want!”
Dakota hissed.
“Want me to save your mom? I can do that on the condition that both of you apologize to me. I’ll also need handwritten apology letters!” he suggested with a calm expression.
“An apology? Dream on!” His words fanned her anger. “Who do you think you are? You have no right to ask us for an apology!” The Nicholsons were aristocratic and different from the lowly peasant class that Dustin Rhys belonged to. There was no way for the aristocratic Dakota to give in to his demand!
“If you refuse, let’s drop this matter. Please get a better doctor for your mom.” He did not care at all.
“You don’t have to scare us! With our connections, we can hire any skilled doctor we need! I am offering you a chance to redeem yourself, but if you don’t appreciate it, don’t blame me for making you pay!”
###Chapter 272 by Marina Vittori
“Once my Mom is cured, we’ll hash out our past and present grievances together!” Dakota said in a sharp tone, her eyes ferocious.
“Knock yourself out.” Dustin shrugged nonchalantly.
“You” Dakota choked out. She was grashing her teeth so hard that the grinding was audible, but she couldn’t do anything anyway. While they were both in a stand–cft, a sudden uproar broke out near the hospital entrance. They raised their heads to find a fully armed motorcade bulldozing their way over.
The motorcade was from the military, and it was a huge spectacle. All the guards sitting on top were armed and radiating murderous energy. Everywhere they passed, people and cars parted to make way for them.
“That’s strange. What is the military doing? Could they be here to arrest some outlaw?” Dahlia looked around in confusion.
Dakota also locked perplexed.
At that moment, the commander ordered, “Hurry, surround them now!”
The guards got down from the motorcade and instantly encircled Dustin and the two women. Seeing the muzzle of the guns lined up next to each other gave them chills.
“Huh?” Dahlia was startled, and her face paled. She had been ready to watch the show. Never in a million. years did she expect that these guards would be encircling them instead.
“Don’t panic. This has nothing to do with you. They’re here for me.” Dustin swept his gaze over the guards. He already had a plan in mind.
“They’re here to arrest you? Why?” Dahlia asked, flabbergasted.
She couldn’t understand what kind of crime the man in front of her had committed that could incite the military’s arrival.
“It’s just a trivial matter. It’s nothing.” Dustin smiled mildly.
“A trivial matter?” Dahlia frowned.
The military was here for him, and he still called it a trivial matter?
“Dustin, you committed the heinous crime of murder in broad daylight! We have been ordered to arrest you and
bring you to justice! If you resist, you will be killed!” the commander said with a cool face..
The murderous vibe he was exuding scared the wits out of Dahlia. “Commander, is there some kind of misunderstanding?” she asked tentatively.
“Unrelated persons are to make way at once! Otherwise, you will be charged with the same crimes!” the commander said mercilessly.
“Don’t worry, I’ll be fine. You should go home first.” Dustin placed a hand on Dahlia’s shoulder and smiled gently.
“I —” Dahlia said hesitantly.
How could this huge spectacle be nothing?
But she couldn’t help in any way right now.
“Rhys, I bet you never thought this day would come!” At that moment, Dakota suddenly laughed, taking pleasure in his misfortune. “You must have committed a huge crime to have sparked the military into coming here. Now, I’ll give you another chance. If you cure my mother’s illness and then apologize to me, I’ll agree to save you.”
###Chapter 273 by Marina Vittori
“I don’t need it.” Dustin said, rejecting Dakota outright. “You don’t need it?” When Dakota heard his answer, she was stunned. She never thought that even at this moment of life and death, Dustin would still dare to reject her. Did he really not want to live anymore?
“Dustin, don’t make decisions based on your emotions!” Dahlia tugged on his sleeve, trying to talk some sense into him. “I don’t care what crime you committed, but your life is important. The Nicholson family has connections in the military: only she can save you now!”
“She can’t save me, and I don’t need her saving.” Dustin shook his head. Judging from the license plates and flags, this troop was from the Balerno Military. The people in Glanstead couldn’t do anything. Not to mention, Edwin had to pull strings to send this huge troop after him. He wouldn’t let Dustin get away that easily.
“Hmph! You’re already on death’s door, yet you’re still so stubborn!” Dakota jutted her chin out derisively. “It seems like you still haven’t grasped the severity of the problem. I dare guarantee that without the help of the Nicholsons, you’ll be rotting in there for life!”
“Dustin, I’m begging you, alright? Agree to her terms!” Dahlia urged anxiously.
An average citizen couldn’t fight an officer. The high–ranking officers in the military could easily squash a civilian. With just one word, they could have them buried six feet under.
“You don’t have to worry about me. I’m just going in to have a cup of tea. I believe I’ll be out in no time, so you should just go home.” Dustin said with a small smile.
The military had come all the way here, so of course, he had to show them some respect.
“Enough yapping! Take him away!” The commander had obviously run out of patience and ordered his men to cuff Dustin and push him into the car.
Then, with a troop of guards in tow, they made a grand exit. The entire process had been so simple and straight to the point. No one had been dragging their feet.
Dahlia was extremely anxious, but she couldn’t do anything to help. With her network, she couldn’t even reach the high–ranking officials in the military, much less get them to save someone. As if she thought of something. she turned to Dakota and begged, “Dakota, you have a wide network. Can you help Dustin and break him out?”
“I’ve already given him a chance, but he wouldn’t accept my kind gesture. It’s none of my business!” Dakota
said huffily.
“Even if you don’t care about Dustin, you have to think about your mother,” Dahlia said, changing the subject.
“Well…” Dakota frowned. She didn’t care whether Dustin lived or died, but her mother was now suffering from a terminal illness, just like Dustin had said. If he kicked the bucket, then wouldn’t her mother be at high risk?
“If I save him, are you sure he’ll treat my mother?” Dakota asked doubtfully.
“I promise that he definitely will! Dahlia said with a serious face.
“Alright, I’ll trust you this time!” Dakota nodded. Then, she took out her phone and began to contact some people.
A few of the Nicholson family members were working in the military. To her, this small favor was clearly not an issue at all.
At that moment, Natasha was lying down on the lounge chair in Peaceful Medical Center, sipping her tea slowly like a dignified owner of a medical center.
“Natasha, something happened!” Ruth barged into the room in a panic.
###Chapter 274 by Marina Vittori
“What’s the matter?” Natasha said, slightly stunned. “I just received word that Dustin has been arrested by the military!” In a no–nonsense manner, Ruth quickly gave a simple explanation of what happened.
After Natasha heard the whole story, her face instantly grew solemn. “Using the military to arrest him? It seems like the one behind this comes from a decent background.”
“Natasha, do you think the Hummers did this?” Ruth asked, frowning slightly. “Yesterday, Dustin went on a killing spree at the Hummers and even crippled Edwin’s son. The Hummers definitely won’t let this go easily.”
“It definitely has something to do with them. However, just Edwin’s network alone is clearly not enough to invoke the power of the military. I’m guessing the Grant family must have played a hand in this,” Natasha said thoughtfully.
Jade was Joshua’s fiancé. Considering their relationship, there was no way the Grant family would sit around and do nothing. As one of the Tremendous Three, the Grant family had immense power over the Belarno Military. Taking care of someone with no backing would be far too easy.
Although she already knew that Dustin would be in trouble, she didn’t expect it to be so soon.
“Natasha, what do we do now?‘ Ruth asked hesitantly.
“Go and find out where Dustin is being locked up. Leave the rest to me.” As soon as Natasha finished
speaking, she turned around and went out the door.
She knew that the battle was starting. This time, she was going to fight the Hummers to the death!
Meanwhile, at the Hummer Villa, Joshua lay on the bed, his face ashen. His arms were wrapped in thick bandages, and he looked listless.
Next to him sat an old man that was only skin and bones. He was completely focused on administering
treatment, droplets of sweat beading on his forehead. Edwin and Tina watched silently from the door, not daring to make a noise for fear of disturbing him.
The old man in front of him was none other than the miracle doctor, Dr. Rowan Cross!
After a long time, Rowan finally stood. Edwin couldn’t stop himself from speaking up. “Dr. Cross, how is my
son?”
“Mr. Hummer, I have reattached your son’s arms. It’s just that from today onward, he won’t be able to lift heavy things anymore.” Rowan dabbed the sweat on his forehead.
“What about his internal injuries? Can his injured core recover?” Edwin pressed. Whether or not he could restore his cultivation was the most important part.
It concerned his son’s future.
“The core is not like the arms; restoring it would be very difficult. Nevertheless, I can continue to research any
ancient methods that could work,” Rowan said, not making any promises.
“Then please, Dr. Cross, do everything that you can. Once it’s done, our family will reward you handsomely!” Edwin said gratefully. As long as there was a glimmer of hope left, they couldn’t give up so easily.
“Hmph, it’s all that damn Dustin’s fault! How could he hurt my brother so badly? I’m going to rip him to shreds! * Tina grumbled fiercely.
“Wait a minute
Rowan paused. “Did you just say Dustin hurt your brother?”
“That’s right! It was that animal!” Tina nodded heavily.
When Rowan heard that, his face darkened, and he said coldly, “Based on my observation, your brother cannot be treated. He’ll just be a cripple for the rest of his life. You should hope for the best. Farewell!”
With that, he left with his medical kit.
Both father and daughter looked at each other, unable to understand what had just gone down.
What the fuck just happened?
He’d been very pleasant earlier, so why did his demeanor change in a blink of an eye?
Were all miracle doctors this moody?
As Rowan walked out of the Hummer Villa, he didn’t forget to turn around and spit on the ground, cursing.”
How dare you ask me to treat your family after you wronged my savior? Eat shit!”
###Chapter 275 by Marina Vittori
At the drill ground of a military base. Dustin had been chained to a pillar by several thick chains made of darksteel, which was extremely malleable yet also durable. The blazing sun shone down on him, and he was surrounded by a troop of armed forces. They scrutinized his every action warily.
Dustin didn’t seem bothered by it. He merely allowed himself to remain chained, looking poker–faced. His calmness surprised the soldiers–any ordinary person would’ve peed their pants long ago. It seemed there was something special about him.
“So, you’re Dustin Rhys?” At this moment, a man in a deputy general’s uniform walked over with a troop of soldiers behind him. He had a beer belly and a round face.
“Don’t tell me you captured me without even knowing who I am,” Dustin said coolly.
“Cut the crap! Answer the general’s question!” one of the military officers roared.
“Fine. Yes, I’m Dustin Rhys.”
“Good, good. The man nodded. “Since we didn’t get the wrong guy, let’s start by giving him 50 military whips. It’ll also act as a deterrent to others like him.”
The military officers with him subconsciously winced at his words. Military whips weren’t the same as normal whips–an ordinary person would faint from three to five military whips; ten were enough to make one feel like one had a foot in the grave. If one were fortunate enough to survive 20 whips, they’d probably have to spend the rest of their life in a wheelchair. As for 50 whips. No one had survived it thus far. It looked like he was out for Dustin’s life!
“Hold on,” Dustin suddenly said. “You’re a
whip me without asking a single question?”
general, aren’t you? Don’t you think it’s a little against protocol to
The round–faced man gave him an arrogant look. “My words are the only protocol to follow here–I’m the one who calls the shots over your life and death, you peasant. You don’t even have the right to say no.”
“I suppose that means you’re gonna abuse your power.” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“So what if I am? I have hundreds of guns aimed at you. Do you think you stand a chance against them?” The round–faced man scoffed.
“Quality over quantity. Having that many guns doesn’t actually mean anything.” Dustin shook his head.
The round–faced man sneered. “Putting up a brave front, are we? You’ll regret this when you’re on the brink of death! Whip him!” He waved a hand.
Before long, a burly man walked over with a steel whip in hand. Salt water dripped from it–it would make the wounds burn even more.
‘T’ll ask you one last time before you do anything else–who sent you here?” Dustin asked.
“I did!” Someone walked out from behind the round–faced man and lowered her hood. It was Jade. “I bet you didn’t expect to end up in my hands, Rhys!” She sneered, “You were so obnoxious last night, but so what? You’re nothing but my prisoner now!”
1/2
Chapter 275
“What happened last night was between me and the Hummer family. I’d advise you to stay out of it,” Dustin
said coolly.
Jade snorted. “Joshua’s my fiancé: I want nothing more than to skin you alive for crippling him!”
“Joshua deserved what he got. You shouldn’t do anything to jeopardize yourself.”
Jade laughed derisively. “I don’t think you understand your predicament. Your life and death are in my hands- how dare you threaten me!”
“Believe what you may. I just hope you don’t regret this.” Dustin didn’t want to waste his breath.
“Keep this up. I’d like to see whether you’ll still be this arrogant when you’re bruised and battered!” Jade looked at him like he was already dead to her.
“Alright, that’s enough talking. Jade, don’t waste your breath on him. Let’s just sit and watch the show.” The round–faced man waved a hand. Soon, some military officers brought a table and two chairs over. The round- faced man gestured for them to be placed in the shade. Then, he and Jade sat down. “Well, what are you waiting for? Whip him with all you’ve got!‘
With that, the burly man got to work and started whipping.
###Chapter 276 by Marina Vittori
Each of the burly man’s whips landed with a loud crack; they could be heard from miles away. Jade laughed derisively at the sound and exclaimed, “He’s doing a great job!” Dustin had been so obnoxious the night before, crashing the Hummer Villa and slaughtering their men. She had to make him pay for it!
“Jade, you must’ve been exaggerating when you said this brat was hard to deal with.” The round–faced man
snorted. “Look, he’s nothing more than a prisoner with his life in my hands.”
“He’s an extremely powerful martial artist, just so you know. There were several people at the Hummer Villa
last night, but none stood a chance against him.” Jade was still shaken from the previous night’s events.
“Ha. No matter how powerful he is, he’s only a martial artist. Do you think he’ll be able to withstand my troops? “The round–faced man looked contemptuous. “Over the years, the military’s captured plenty of martial artists renowned for their prowess. Still, haven’t they ultimately yielded to the military’s authority?”
“I suppose you’re right.” Jade nodded. The martial world was separate from the government, but it wasn’t an
organized entity. How could it go up against the authorities?
As they spoke, the burly man continued to whip Dustin. It cracked loudly, but Dustin didn’t bat an eye. Instead, the whip shattered from the force. “What the hell?” The burly man was dumbfounded. The steel whip had been specially forged and tested against blades and flames to ensure it was basically unbreakable. Why had it shattered after being used to whip someone? Could Dustin possibly be forged from some precious metal?
The burly man scrutinized Dustin, but it only added to his confusion. He’d already whipped Dustin at least a dozen times; any ordinary human would already be mutilated, but Dustin looked perfectly fine. His clothes were in tatters, but there wasn’t the slightest sign of an injury. It was as if he hadn’t even been whipped.
“What the fuck?” The burly man broke into a cold sweat. He’d done this for years, but this was his first time being in this situation.
“What’s going on? Why has the whipping stopped?” The round–faced man finally stopped chit–chatting and
noticed something was wrong.
“S–sir the whip broke.” The burly man gulped.
“Get another one, then! Don’t stop until you’re done with the 50 whips!” the round–faced man berated.
“Yes, sir!” The burly man didn’t dare delay. He had someone bring him another steel whip before whipping Dustin again as if his life depended on it. After a while, the second whip shattered, just like the first had.
“What in the “The burly man couldn’t believe his eyes. Shattering one whip could be described as a coincidence; shattering two was an ominous sign. He was starting to think there was something about Dustin that made him impossible to whip.
“Why have you stopped again? Go on!” the round–faced man urged impatiently.
“Sir, the whip broke again.” The burly man looked like he was in a dilemma.
“What? How fucking useless can you be? I’ll do it myself!” the round–faced man spat. He ordered a soldier to bring him another steel whip before storming over to Dustin. He started whipping him without the slightest hesitance, but he’d only swung the whip a few times when it shattered.
At this moment, Dustin, who’d been lying there with his eyes shut, opened his eyes and asked, “Are you done?
If you are, can I get something to eat? I’m feeling a little hungry.”
###Chapter 277 by Marina Vittori
“What?” The round–faced man stared at Dustin, who was cool as a cucumber, in shock. He knew very well how much the steel whip could withstand and how much pain it could cause. Not even the strongest of men could take more than ten whips in one go, yet Dustin looked perfectly fine after enduring more than that. In fact, he’d made three whips shatter. What the hell was going on? “Brat, what sort of sorcery do you have going on?” he snarled.
“Look, cut the crap and do what you need to.” Dustin yawned. His nonchalance made the round–faced man’s blood boil.
“Fucking hell. I’d like to see you survive this!” The round–faced man swiped his subordinate’s sword and swung it at Dustin. There were two loud clangs as the blade came into contact with Dustin’s body twice; he was fine, but the blade became chipped.
“Is that is that an Adamantine Shield?” Jade’s eyes widened. As a member of the martial world, she
immediately realized what was up. The fact that Dustin could make himself impermeable to weapons proved that he’d learned the art of defense. However, it would take a huge toll on one’s internal energy. Most martial artists wouldn’t be able to keep it up for long. “Regular weapons won’t do anything to him. We have to bring in a pro.” Jade said.
“Hmph! I’ll admit this brat isn’t your run–of–the– mill martial artist; it’s no wonder you guys had problems dealing with him. It’s too bad he’s up against me, though!” The round–faced man narrowed his eyes.
“Do you have any way of dealing with him?” Jade asked tentatively.
“We soldiers are only good at taking down enemy forces; torture devices aren’t our forte. It doesn’t matter, though. I know someone in the Ministry of Penalties that’s an expert in this. Once he’s here, this brat will beg for death!” The round–faced man bared his teeth in a savage grin.
“Oh? And who is this expert?” Jade’s eyes lit up.
“One of the Ministry of Penalties‘ two most powerful executioners, Bloodbeast!”
“Wait, you know him?” Jade gasped. She wasn’t a member of the authorities but had still heard of Bloodbeast.
Rumor had it that he murdered people without blinking an eye and loved drinking human blood. Throughout his career with the Ministry of Penalties, hundreds, if not thousands, of people had died at his hands. Each and every one of them had died horrible deaths after being subject to inhumane torture: anyone who found themselves in his hands truly wished for death. That was why most criminals chose to take their lives before landing in Bloodbeast’s hands–at least their deaths would be swift and painless.
“Torturing others is Bloodbeast’s favorite pastime, and he’s taken a particular liking for tormenting powerful martial artists because of how hard they are to kill. Someone like this brat is right up his alley!” The round- faced man’s eyes gleamed menacingly.
“This brat won’t stand a chance against Bloodbeast, no matter how impermeable he is! Provided you can get Bloodbeast to agree to this, of course.” Jade sneered. She wasn’t asking for much–all she wanted was for Dustin to be subject to the most inhumane torture possible.
“I’ll contact him right now.” The round– faced man pulled out his phone and started punching in a number.
“Enjoy your final moments of peace, Rhys! Once Bloodbeast is here, you’ll be done for!” Jade looked at Dustin contemptuously. He’d talked about karma biting one in the ass, hadn’t he? She wanted him to have a taste of his own medicine!
Dustin couldn’t even be bothered to spare a glance. He shut his eyes, taking the chance to rest them.
“Jade, it’s far too hot, standing in the sun. Let’s go sit in the shade. The round–faced man led Jade over to the table after hanging up.
After a moment. Dustin suddenly said. “Hey, I’m hungry. Is there anything to eat?”
“Hungry, are you? Someone get him some refreshments!” The round–faced man smirked. Soon, a soldier
placed some food and drinks by Dustin’s feet.
“How am I supposed to eat when I’m bound like this? Can you loosen them?” Dustin asked coolly.
The round–faced man burst into derisive laughter. “Giving you some sustenance is the extent of my generosity; it’s not my problem if you can’t reach it. Since you’re so powerful, why don’t you try breaking free of the chains?”
###Chapter 278 by Marina Vittori
“Are those chains enough to keep him bound? He’s a lot more powerful than he seems. What if he really breaks free?” Jade asked.
“Don’t worry. Our chains are all forged from darksteel and are designed to withstand any force. Not even an elephant would be able to break free, let alone a human. Now that he’s bound, he won’t be able to get away from them without the key!” the round–faced man said confidently. He’d seen his fair share of powerful martial artists; none of them had successfully broken free from the darksteel chains.
“Well, that’s good to know.” Jade sighed in relief. However, the words were barely out of her mouth when she heard the sound of the chains breaking. She whipped around to look at Dustin–he’d only stretched, but the chains already lay at his feet in pieces.
“What the fuck?” The round–faced man was so shocked that he dropped his pastry. Jade also looked dumbfounded. What happened to the chains being made of darksteel and able to withstand any force? How could Dustin have snapped them so easily? The round–faced man quickly returned to his senses and
commanded, “Hurry up and circle him!”
At his command, the armed soldiers dashed over and surrounded Dustin. He looked unruffled, though. “Relax, I just want to eat.” He plopped onto the floor and started eating the food placed there.
The round– faced man gaped at him. What the hell was this brat capable of? How could he be so relaxed when so many guns were aimed at him?
When Dustin was done eating, he was chained and bound again. This time, however, double the number of chains were used–he resembled a taco by the time they were done with him. Even so, the round–faced man didn’t let his guard down. He had his men keep an eye on Dustin at all times. If Dustin were to make any false moves, he would immediately be shot.
After a long time, a military– use Jeep entered the military base and stopped at the drill ground. A skinny, middle–aged man got out leisurely. Despite his thin stature, his aura gave one the chills, and his eyes made one’s hair stand on end.
Jade’s mind went blank when she met his eyes. She felt like she’d caught the eye of a savage beast who would pounce on her at any moment. A trace of fear bubbled up from the depths of her heart.
“Mr. Bloodbeast!” The round– faced man hurried forward with a bright smile when he saw him. “Forgive me for not giving you a proper welcome. It’s a pleasure to see you here.”
“Let’s cut to the chase, General Jenkins. I’ve been bored lately, and it’s time to spice things up. Where’s the tough cookie you mentioned?” Bloodbeast didn’t beat around the bush.
“Right here! He’s the one bound to the pillar.” The round–faced man pointed at Dustin.
Bloodbeast’s gaze traveled in the direction he pointed. He squinted at Dustin and said, “Odd. He seems rather familiar.”
“Oh? Small world, isn’t it? The fact that he’s familiar to you means you two were destined to meet. I only hope you’ll show him a good time, Mr. Bloodbeast.” The round–faced man smiled menacingly.
Bloodbeast chuckled. “Why, of course. It’s my pleasure, and I’ll only be doing what I love. I hope he doesn’t disappoint.” He pulled out a canvas bag and poured its contents out.
There were various delicate–looking instruments of torture. They were shaped oddly; most people would live out their lives without laying eyes on them. Only members of the Ministry of Penalties would know what these instruments meant–the more delicate they were, the more horrific the results they produced.
###Chapter 279 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?” General Jenkins and Jade were stunned as they watched Bloodbest suddenly drop to his knees. They looked at each other, taken aback. What was he doing?
He was perfectly fine just a moment ago, so why was he kneeling on the floor now? Was he saying a prayer before he tortured him?
Compared to the others‘ surprised expressions, the skinny man appeared terrified, his face drenched in cold sweat. As a student of the Executioner, he couldn’t possibly be oblivious to the true meaning of the kirin tattoo.
In the entire world, the black kirin tattoo was one of a kind. Not to mention, it had already become a symbol of power!
No wonder that person looked familiar. No wonder he dared to call the Executioner by his real name. It turned out that this person was the Kirin of the Rhys family, who almost incited chaos that could have devastated an entire nation ten years ago!
Shit! What kind of sins had he committed?
He’d actually run into a harbinger of doom of this magnitude! No! While the shitstorm hadn’t hit, he had to escape as soon as possible!
“Mr. Bloodbeast, what’s the matter? Are you hurt somewhere?”
Watching the skinny man’s knees buckle, General Jenkins immediately rushed over and tried to help him up. “Fuck, it’s all your fault!” Bloodbeast flew into a rage. He raised his hand and delivered a harsh slap across General Jenkins‘ face.
General Jenkins staggered backward, nearly losing his balance. “Mr. Bloodbeast, why. Why did you hit me?” He cupped his stinging face, unable to process what had just happened.
“Why did I hit you? You should be grateful I didn’t slaughter you! What did I ever do to you? If you’re so fucking suicidal, you don’t have to drag me down with you!” The skinny man kicked General Jenkins to the ground. Then, he grabbed his bag and fled.
He even dropped his torture tools but didn’t dare turn around to pick them up, acting as if he’d run into a ghost.
“Huh?” General Jenkins was once again dazed. Just what had scared Bloodbeast–the infamous ruthless killer -into fleeing for his life?
“How did things turn out this way?” Jade’s eyes widened in disbelief. She had initially thought that Bloodbeast could help her get her revenge. In the end, even before he’d used his torture tools, he’d run away for some
reason.
Chapter 279
What was going on?
“Punk, what the hell did you do? How did you manage to make Bloodbeast spare you?!” General Jenkins‘ gaze
shifted to Dustin, glaring fiercely.
He’d been a distance away earlier, so he couldn’t hear their conversation.
“You have me tied up: what could I have possibly done?” Dustin asked.
Since Bloodbeast was Albert’s student, it was no surprise that he had recognized the kirin tattoo on his back.
“Hmph, that had better be the case!” General Jenkins glowered. Then, he turned to Jade and whispered, “Jade, this bastard seems to know the dark arts. Are you sure he’s a nobody?”
The way Bloodbeast had left was too strange; he couldn’t help but feel suspicious.
I’ve already looked into him. He’s just a small fry who was once someone’s live–in son–in–law. Now, he’s nothing but a parasite, leeching off the Harmon family. We don’t need to be afraid of him,” Jade said with certainty.
With the Grant family’s influence, looking into Dustin had been a piece of cake. Hence, she was very sure that Dustin didn’t come from a powerful background.
“Well that’s rather strange,” General Jenkins said, looking thoughtful.
“Don’t tell me you’re scared?” Jade frowned. “Considering your status, don’t tell me you can’t take care of that pipsqueak?”
“Don’t be ridiculous. As if I’m scared of him!”
###Chapter 280 by Marina Vittori
General Jenkins puffed out his chest and declared arrogantly, “I am none other than the Deputy General of the White Tiger Army, under the command of Chief General Spanner. No matter who that bastard may be, I can take him down easily. Just wait and see!”
As soon as he finished speaking, his phone ringtone began blasting. The first phone call came in. “Hello, General Jenkins. This is Hunter Anderson speaking. You’ve captured someone you shouldn’t have. You should let him go immediately. Maybe you can still save yourself.”
“Who the fuck do you think you are? How dare you order me around? Fuck off!” General Jenkins replied promptly ending the call.
“Seems like someone called to beg for Dustin’s life.” Jade said sarcastically. She’d long predicted something like it would happen.
“Hmph, they think they can get him out of my hands? It’s not going to be that easy!” General Jenkins pursed his lips. With the backing of the Grant family, only a handful of people in the entire Southern province could scare him.
At that moment, the second phone call came in. “General Jenkins, I’m calling on behalf of the Harmon family. One of my associates was captured by your subordinate. I believe there must have been some kind of misunderstanding. I kindly request that you release him, General.”
“That’s not going to happen! Dustin’s crimes are unforgivable. I’ve already turned him over to the Ministry of Penalties. No matter who comes to beg for his life, it’s useless!”
However, things didn’t end there. After the second call, the third one soon came, followed by the fourth, then the fifth. They just wouldn’t stop. “Hello. General Jenkins, this is Roderick Brooks —”
“General Jenkins, I’m calling on behalf of the Glenstead Nicholson family
“Jenkins, I have a favor to ask Calls started pouring in one after another. Not only were they increasing in numbers, but they were also becoming more pressing.
At first, General Jenkins had been greatly irritated, but by the end, even military officers of the same rank as him were calling him to plead for mercy. Although he wasn’t scared, it was still rather troublesome.
Eventually, he turned his phone off. He couldn’t be bothered any longer.
“Punk, I didn’t think you had such a network. I underestimated you.” He slowly raised his head to reveal a cold
smile. “Unfortunately, your efforts are in vain–I can hold them off all on my own!”
“Oh, really? Then I’m looking forward to seeing you do that.” Dustin smiled lightly.
“Hmph. And I want to see what kind of tricks you have up your sleevel” General Jenkins said disdainfully.
Just as he spoke, an officer suddenly hurried over. “General, the Murray family is here!”
“The Murray family? Who is it?” General Jenkins raised an eyebrow in surprise.
“He introduced himself as Adjutant General Damon. He said he wishes to speak with you,” the officer replied.
“Adjutant General Damon? What’s he doing here?” General Jenkins face grew solemn. He clearly looked a little apprehensive.
Others might not know it, but he knew for a fact that Adjutant General Damon served as Christopher’s personal guard.
And who was Christopher?
He was the second–in–command general of the current generation!
He was the backbone of the Murray family!
Even though Christopher had been discharged, he still held a great influence within the army.
He wasn’t exaggerating when he said he would even treat Christopher’s dog with the utmost respect..
After a few seconds of silence, General Jenkins decided to go outside and welcome Adjutant General Damon. Come, let’s go take a look.”
When he–along with his men–went to the entrance of the base, he saw a casually–dressed middle–aged man in glasses standing there quietly. The elegant man looked like any average guy, but hidden behind his glasses were eyes as sharp as an eagle’s.
“Why, if it isn’t Adjutant General Damon? What brings you here? General Jenkins said, stepping forward with a grin. He was just about to offer some small talk when Adjutant General Damon raised his hand and slapped him to the floor.
###Chapter 281 by Marina Vittori
The moment Adjutant General Damon saw General Jenkins, without uttering a single word, he delivered him a resounding slap.
General Jenkins was left dazed, taking quite some time to recover from the impact. He’d welcomed Adjutant. General Damon with a smile, but the man fucking responded with a slap instead. That was crossing the line!
“Adjutant General Damon, what is the meaning of this?!” General Jenkins‘ face darkened, his gaze turning hostile. Even if he was Christopher’s adjutant general, it didn’t mean he had a free pass to humiliate him. After all, Chief General Spanner was backing him. In terms of rank, he held an even higher position than Christopher!
“General Jenkins, that slap was a lesson for you,” Adjutant General Damon said with a cool expression. “You should not have captured Mr. Rhys. Release him now, or you’ll have to bear the consequences!”
“Are you threatening me?” General Jenkins snorted. “Damon, you’re nothing but an old general’s dog. What right do you have to order me around?!”
“Indeed, I cannot, but the general can. If you don’t want trouble, do as I say,” Adjutant General Damon said expressionlessly.
“Hmph, don’t use the general’s name to scare me!” General Jenkins said furiously. “The person I captured has committed a heinous crime, and the evidence is beyond any reasonable doubt. You can’t just ask for him to be released!”
If Adjutant General Damon had spoken in a kinder manner, perhaps he might have released Dustin out of respect for Christopher. But he’d fucking come up to him and slap him. No one would be alright with that.
*General Jenkins, don’t say I didn’t warn you. If you choose to remain obstinate, then no one can save you!” Adjutant General Damon warned.
“You think I’m scared?” General Jenkins said, glaring at him. “To tell you the truth, I am Chief General
Spanner’s subordinate. If you want to lay a hand on him, you’d have to ask for his permission!”
“It seems like you really won’t release him?” Adjutant General Damon frowned.
“No! Even if God asked, I wouldn’t release him!” General Jenkins bellowed.
“Fine! I hope you won’t regret it!” Without another word, he got into his car and left, leaving General Jenkins to choke on the exhaust.
“Damn it, that dog! How dare he act all high and mighty in front of me?” General Jenkins spat on the floor. lifting his hand to caress his stinging cheek.
Fuck, he was really unlucky today!
First, Bloodbeast had slapped him, and now Adjutant General Damon. Not to mention, it was all under strange circumstances.
“What’s the matter?” Jade walked over.
“Don’t ask. A crazy dog from the Murray family came to ask me to release Dustin,” General Jenkins said annoyedly.
“No way. Could that punk have ties to the Murray family?” Jade frowned.
“Who fucking cares? The Grant family is also one of the Tremendous Three, just like the Murray family. Why should we be afraid of them?” General Jenkins said, irritated.
“You have a point.” Jade nodded. As the two were speaking, an armed motorcade suddenly appeared on the far end of the road.
The Murray family flags decorated the motorcade. Dozens of military trucks were filled with people, blazing their way over. Soon after, they completely blocked off the entire entrance of the base. As the cars came to a stop, over three hundred armed soldiers hopped off. Their gazes were all fixed on General Jenkins.
Tension was palpable in the air, as it war was going to break out at any moment.
“Damon, what do you think you’re doing?!” When General Jenkins saw Adjutant General Damon in the lead, he almost blew his top. “How dare you bring so many people to crash my base? Are you trying to start a rebellion?
“I am merely carrying out my general’s order to obtain your hostage. If you won’t give him to me, then I can only grab him from you,” Adjutant General Damon said indifferently.
“The audacity!” General Jenkins yelled, his eyes furious. “I am the subordinate of Chief General Spanner. Is the Murray family declaring war against him?!”
“I’m merely following orders. Anything else doesn’t concern me,” Adjutant General Damon said without beating around the bush.
“It seems like there’s no more room for negotiation today, is there? Fine! If that’s the case, then let’s see who has bigger numbers!” General Jenkins roared at the top of his lungs.
In the next second, a large wave of soldiers surged out of the base.
###Chapter 282 by Marina Vittori
General Jenkins‘ men started to face off against the Murray family’s army. Instantly, the tension in the air gave way to murderous intent.
“Go in and save him!” Adjutant General Damon immediately ordered.
“No, you won’t!” General Jenkins blocked the way with his body. He then pulled out a gun from his waist. Anyone who dares take a step forward will be shot!”
“You can try.” Without a trace of fear, Adjutant General Damon stalked ahead.
“You’re fucking testing me!” General Jenkins gritted his teeth, fury filling his eyes.
Just as the two sides were in the midst of battle, several military helicopters suddenly materialized in the sky. Whizzing through the air, they finally stopped, hovering above everyone’s heads.
that’s Chief General
When General Jenkins took a look, a delighted expression crossed his face. “Hahaha Spanner’s private helicopter! Damon, you’re dead meat. Let’s see what you can do with Chief General Spanner himself on the field!” He laughed in excitement.
Chief General Spanner was known for protecting his subordinates. Now that they were being invaded, he definitely wouldn’t sit around and do nothing.
He could already imagine Adjutant General Damon getting the beating of his lifetime.
As the crowd parted, the helicopter began to descend slowly before landing firmly on the field. Then, the cabin door opened.
A handsome young man with a remarkable aura stepped off hastily with a few female officers in tow.
“Chief General Spanner, you came just at the right time!” The moment General Jenkins spotted the young man, he scampered over to welcome him, trying to suck up to him. He then reported, “These treacherous rascals are trying to incite a prison break at my base. I hope you’ll set things straight, Chief General Spanner! That’s right! He committed a heinous crime of tormenting the people! I was just about to torture him, too.” General Jenkins said, nodding profuse/
“Torture him?” Adam’s eye twitched, and a murderous look flashed in his eyes. “Where is he?”
“He’s tied up right there!” General Jenkins pointed in the other direction.
Adam shifted his gaze, and his eyes immediately widened.
Fuck, it really was him!
When he first heard Dustin Rhys‘ name, he still had a glimmer of hope. After all, many people in the world. share a name. What if it was just a coincidence? 
Unfortunately, he still ran into Dustin. Moreover, it was in this fashion..
“Rhys, even Chief General Spanner is here! Let’s see whether you can live to see another day!” Hidden amongst the crowd, Jade couldn’t help but laugh at his misery.
1/2
Clupter 232
At first, when she saw how big the Murray family army was, she was a little worried. But now, everything would be fine because Chief General Spanner was here. Who would dare cross him?
“Chief General, this guy is built tough. I tried to torture him earlier but failed. No worries. Since you’re here, I’m sure you have a way to deal with people like this.” General Jenkins smiled flatteringly, completely unaware of the severity of the problem.
“Your name is Richard Jenkins, right?” Adam suddenly asked.
“That’s right! I am the deputy general of the White Tiger Army under your command. I didn’t think you’d remember me. Chief General!” General Jenkins‘ face lit up with joy when he thought he was being acknowledged.
“Capture him, then strip him of his position and prosecute him.” Adam gestured with his hand, and immediately after, two female officers sprung into action, pressing General Jenkins to the floor.
“Chief General, what did you say?” General Jenkins looked confused. Everything was going so well, so why was he getting fired all of a sudden?
However, Adam didn’t bother to deal with him. He jogged over to Dustin and smiled apologetically, saying.” Buddy, sorry about my subordinate. He caused you so much trouble.”
The moment he said that, everyone fell silent.
###Chapter 283 by Marina Vittori
“B–buddy?!” Seeing Adam’s friendly expression, General Jenkins was stunned. His mind went blank. The man in front of him was none other than the renowned God of War!
He was also the youngest chief general of Dragonmarsh!
He reported to no one, while thousands reported to him!
However, this all–powerful figure had actually called Dustin his buddy?
What the fuck was going on? “No, that’s impossible! How could that bastard know Chief General Spanner?!” Jade was thunderstruck. Her eyes were as wide as saucers, and her face was filled with disbelief. According to her investigation, Dustin was just an irrelevant small fry. How could he have a relationship with the famous God of War?
“Now that you mention it, we indeed haven’t seen each other in a long time.” Dustin regarded him up and down, then said happily, “I must say, you’re doing quite well for yourself, you rascal. I think I may need to start
relying on you for money soon.”
“Don’t joke like that!” Adam said with a strange expression. “My small place cannot house someone as great
as you.”
“Since we meet again today, then allow me to treat you to a cup of tea,” Dustin said with a small smile.
“Someone, come and free him!” Adam made another hand gesture.
“No need. I’ll do it myself.” Dustin stretched his back, and the sound of metal clinking against each other could
be heard. The thick chains on his body suddenly broke into pieces.
Everyone’s jaws dropped at the sight.
Those chains had been forged from darksteel and were said to be unbreakable, but he’d just broken them by fucking stretching his back?
It was bewildering.
“Oh, right. How are you planning to take care of those two?” Dustin turned to look at General Jenkins and Jade.
“Of course, we’ll follow the procedure. For kidnapping and torture, no matter how you look at it, that’s got to be
at least a few decades, no?” Adam said indifferently.
“A few decades? When the two heard that, their faces paled from shock.
A lifetime only consisted of a few decades. Were they going to die in prison?
“No! You can’t lock us up!” Jade shook her head furiously. “The one who’s guilty is clearly Dustin. What right
do you have to lock us up?”
“What right do I have?” Adam smiled faintly. “Well, I have more power than you, Does this reason satisfy you?”
“Y–you’re blatantly abusing your power!” Jade said defiantly.
1/2
Chapter 283
“You’re right, I am,” Adam said bluntly. He was exactly like how General Jenkins described earlier.
“Y–you can try to lock me up! I am a member of the Grant family!” Jade said, refusing to give up.
“The Grant family?” Adam burst out laughing as he tossed her a phone. “I’ll give you a chance to ask the Grant family for help. I want to see who would dare come rescue you!”
When he said that, Jade was thunderstruck. She knew better than anyone that the Grant family wouldn’t cross
the God of War, Adam, for her.
“Why? Why did things turn out this way? Just who are you?” She stared straight at Dustin. Her eyes were filled with surprise, defiance, hatred, but mostly despair.
*Since you’re going to die anyway, I’ll enlighten you,” Adam replied nonchalantly. “The young man you just kidnapped is Logan Rhys, the eldest son of the Rhys family and one of my closest friends!”
“Logan Rhys?!” When General Jenkins heard the name, he collapsed to the floor, overcome with despair.
Now, he finally understood. He finally understood why Bloodbeast had fled in fright, why all those influential figures called him to ask for his release, why General Murry had sent his army, and why Adam was so nervous.
###Chapter 284 by Marina Vittori
The person he had arrested turned out to be the eldest son of the Rhys family, an existence that could shake the military effortlessly.
“We we’re doomed Blood had drained out of Jade’s face the moment she heard Dustin’s real name, feeling unbelievably sorry for herself. She shouldn’t have tried to avenge Joshua. There was no way a loser with broken arms and a shattered core was worth the lives of her entire family.
“Jade Grant, this is what you fucking call a nobody?” General Jenkins spun around and shot Jade a vicious glare. “I never did anything to you, so why the hell are you dragging me into this mess?”
“1-“Jade
“–” Jade was about to burst into tears.
“How dare you trick me! You’re dead meat!‘ General Jenkins roared before leaping toward Jade with his mouth wide open. Things became chaotic as he tore up the woman’s face with his teeth.
“Come on. Let’s go have a drink. Dustin Ignored them and left with Adam.
Meanwhile, inside the East Swinton Hospital ward, Dakota’s face hardened after finishing a call.
“So? Was there news about Dustin? Can he be saved?” Dahlia quickly asked. “He can’t. The person who arrested him was General Jenkins from the Grant family. I tried calling the elders, but they said he wasn’t listening to their requests. Glenstead’s military has no jurisdiction over Balerno.”
Dakota shook her head helplessly.
“The Grant family?” Dahlia frowned. “But why? How did Dustin piss them off?”
“I dug around and heard that he committed a grave crime. Apparently, he barged into the Hummer family’s home and began killing people. He even crippled Edwin Hummer’s son, Joshua Hummer! Worse, Joshua’s fiancée is Jade Grant, the daughter of Sir Robert Grant. There’s no way the Grant family would let Dustin go
easily. He’s doomed.” Dakota shook her head sadly.
She didn’t care if Dustin died, but she still needed him to heal her mother, and her mother would be in grave danger if Dustin died now. Dakota wondered if she still had enough time to seek out miracle doctors.
“Isn’t there another way?” Dahlia was upset. “What if I beg the Grant family? I’ll pay any amount, even if I go
bankrupt!”
“Nonsense, Dahlia!” Florence shrieked. “Why should you go so far for a man you divorced?”
“He’s helped me too many times. I have to save him!” Dahlia answered firmly.
“You”
“It’s useless.” Dakota shook her head. “The Grant family is one the strongest families in Balerno. They could
care less about your measly assets,”
1/2
Chapter 284
“Then what should we do? We can’t just sit here and wait.” Dahlia’s brows furrowed deeper.
“Money is useless. We need to beg someone influential to negotiate with them.” Dakota suggested.
“Someone influential? Who?” Dahlia asked tentatively.
“The only one who can stand against the Grant family is Mr. Langford from Stonia.” Dakota suggested. “Saving Dustin should be a piece of cake if you ask Mr. Langford for help.”
“Mr. Langford?” Dahlia was troubled. There was no reason for him to help a stranger like her.
“That’s right. Dahlia. The best way is to beg Mr. Langford for help. I managed to save his number during dinner last night. I’ll call him right now!” Florence drew out her phone eagerly and dialed a number.
While she was worried that her daughter might sacrifice all her wealth for Dustin, she also hoped to push Dahlia closer to Luis. During their meeting last night, Florence realized that Luis had feelings for Dahlia. At the same time, the Glenstead Nicholsons were also hoping for the two to get married.
###Chapter 285 by Marina Vittori
“Hello, is this Mr. Langford? Dahlia has something to say to you.” Florence shoved the phone to Dahlia as soon as the call got through.
“Dahlia? Let me know if you need any help. I’ll definitely get it done If I can,” a voice drawled.
“It’s me, Mr. Langford.” Dahlia responded stiffly. “I’ll get to the point. I have a friend who’s in trouble and has been arrested by the military. I hope you can help me save him.”
“Arrested by the military? Your friend must be into hot water,” Luis guessed arrogantly.
“I wouldn’t have turned to you if I had another choice.” Dahlia responded tiredly.
“What’s your friend’s name?”
“Dustin Rhys.”
“Alright. I’ll help you on one condition,”
“What is it?”
“Treat me to dinner tonight.” Luis responded frankly.
“Um — Dahlia stiffened, instantly understanding what he meant.
“You won’t refuse such a small request, would you?” Luis teased hall–jokingly.
“Of course not.” Dahlia forced a smile. “It’s nothing compared to what you’re willing to help me with.”
“Great! It’s a date. See you later!”
Dahlia hung up after chatting for a while more.
“Well? Did he agree?” Florence inquired.
“He did, but I’ll have to have dinner with him tonight.” Dahlia was exasperated.
“That’s great! Hurry home and make yourself look good. Don’t make Mr. Langford wait.” Florence ushered
excitedly.
“Dahlia, you should make good use of this opportunity,” Dakota advised with a knowing look. “Glenstead is keen to see you and the Langfords take your relationship further through marriage. The Langfords initially had someone else in mind, but Mr. Langford wasn’t pleased with her. Instead, he chose you. This is your greatest
blessing. You better not waste this chance!”
Dahlia shook her head. “I’m not interested in marrying into a rich family.”
“Who else would you marry? A loser like Dustin? What’s wrong with you?” Dakota rolled her eyes. “You can have anything you want if you marry into the Langford family. Why would you choose to suffer in a tiny place like this?”
“Precisely! You’ve basically hit the jackpot. You should make good use of this chance. Our family is depending
on you to become rich!” Florence piped.
Chapter 295
Compared to Luis, men like Chris Nolan and Matt Laney were nothing. After all, the Langfords were the true aristocrats in Stonia. Their very existence stood at the peak of power.
Dahlia glanced at the eager eyes surrounding her and remained silent. She used to yearn for power as well but had finally realized it didn’t matter much to her.
Soon, night fell. A jeep slowly pulled into the entrance of Fairyharbor Restaurant. The doors opened, and Dustin and Adam emerged.
“Weren’t we going to have a drink? What are we doing here?” Adam muttered.
“The wine here isn’t too shabby. The wines are brewed in–house. You should try some.” Dustin replied.
“Really? I’ll have a taste, then.”
As the two men chatted, they walked into the restaurant and chose a place on the second floor. “Hey, buddy. Is it true that you got married?” Adam quizzed Dustin as soon as they sat down.
###Chapter 286 by Marina Vittori
“I was, but I’m already divorced,” Dustin answered straightforwardly. “Aw, damn!” Adam grinned. “If that’s the case, my sister finally has a chance! I’ll be your brother–in–law soon.”
“Get lost!” Dustin rolled his eyes. “What kind of brother are you? Why would you throw your sister under the bus?”
“She threw herself in!” Adam retorted in exasperation. “You have no idea how much she bugged me alter finding out that you were still alive. She would have flown back for you if the war hadn’t broken out at the border.”
“Has Scarlet been well?” Dustin suddenly asked. “You’re still worried about her? That kid’s been practicing martial arts since young, and with her talent, she’s already a grandmaster. I can’t even win against her anymore. Who would dare to cross her?” Adam responded nervously.
All his life, Adam has only ever been afraid of two people– Dustin, the person who’s been throwing punches at him since they were kids, and his sister Scarlet. He always lost his dignity when it came to them.
Dustin chuckled. “She is talented, so it’s natural that you can’t beat her.”
It’s been ten years. He never expected the little girl who used to follow him around everywhere to become
Stonia’s well–known Goddess of War.
“Won’t you just marry her? No one else can handle her!” Adam implored. The sooner his sister got married, the
sooner he’ll be free from being forced to be her sparring partner and ending up with bruises all over his body
every day.
“Nonsense!” Dustin kicked the other man. “Scarlet’s nothing more than a sister to me.”
“But she might not see you as her brother.” Adam shrugged. “I’m just going to put it out there. She probably won’t marry anyone but you, so you’ll have to take responsibility for her.”
“That’s enough. Shut up and drink!” Irritated, Dustin poured Adam a full glass of wine. “Drink it!”
Adam boldly downed the entire glass in response.
Chatting away while drinking, the two of them quickly began to feel tipsy.
“That reminds me, when are you going back?” Adam asked coldly.
“Why would I go back? Isn’t it quite nice here? All I need to worry about is making sure Gregory recovers nicely.
“Dustin responded indifferently.
“That’s true. Still, the Rhys family needs an heir.” Adam sighed.
“There’s still Austin.”
“That useless idiot? He only cares about his debaucherous pleasures. Who knows how many people will die if he takes your place.” Adam snapped disdainfully.
1/2
Chapter 286
“He isn’t that bad. The kid’s smart. Just give him some time, and he might outshine you.” Dustin said seriously.
“Are you serious? You’re pitting me against him?” Adam looked at him suspiciously.
“Many people have called me a loser in the past few years too.” Dustin smiled but didn’t elaborate further. With that woman around, his step–brother could never be mediocre.
“Holy shit! Look at that chick!” Adam lit up suddenly.
“Where?” Dustin followed Adam’s line of sight and spotted a Lamborghini at the restaurant entrance. A smartly dressed man emerged, and a gorgeous lady stepped out of the passenger side in a long black dress, as if she had just come out of a painting.
“Why is it her?” Dustin frowned, instantly sobering.
The beautiful woman was none other than Dahlia!
###Chapter 287 by Marina Vittori
Dustin never expected to run into Dahlia there. Worse, she was accompanied by another man, and it seemed like those two were on a date.
It irked him for some reason. He had just been captured by the military, his life in danger, but here Dahlia was, carefree and relaxed, as she went on a date with another man. It was clear that Dahlia didn’t give a damn about him, and it made him feel like a fool.
“Do you know that lady?” Adam quickly caught onto the change in mood and asked.
“Yeah. She’s my ex–wife.” Dustin answered bluntly.
“Your ex–wife?” Adam’s lips twitched. “Why don’t we go somewhere else?”
No one would be happy to see their ex–wife happily chatting away with another man,
“Forget it. I didn’t do anything wrong, so why should I be afraid?” Dustin lifted his glass to his lips and swallowed a mouthful of wine resentfully.
Just then, Dahlia and Luis arrived on the second floor, and the woman immediately spotted the two men. Dustin? What are you doing here?” she exclaimed excitedly.
“Why can’t I be here?” Dustin asked coldly.
“When did you get free? Why didn’t you tell me? Dahlia dashed toward him and asked joyfully.
“Does it matter if I tell you?” Dustin glanced at her stoically, stunning Dahlia with his attitude.
“What’s wrong? Did you get hurt? Should we go to the hospital?”
“I’m fine, Ms. Nicholson. Thank you for asking. You should focus on your date with your boyfriend instead of me,” Dustin answered.
“Boyfriend?” Dahlia looked at the man standing next to her and quickly explained. “You’re getting it wrong. Dustin. We’re just friends.”
“It’s unnecessary for you to explain yourself.” Dustin’s attitude was harsh.
Just friends? Did she think that he was a kid? Since when did normal friends of opposite genders arrive together in the same car for dinner?
“I’m telling you, you’re misunderstanding things, Dustin.” Dahlia gestured to the other man. “Let me introduce you to Mr. Luis Langford. He’s from Stonia, and he has a good relationship with the military. You got out so quickly thanks to him.”
“Is this the friend you were talking about, Dahlia? He’s fortunate to have someone like you helping him.” Luis suddenly spoke. Although the man was wearing a smile, the look he was giving Dustin was full of contempt.
“I don’t know who Mr. Langford is, nor do I care. He has nothing to do with me getting free anyway.” Dustin responded bluntly.
“Ha, aren’t you being too cocky?” Luis sniggered, “Do you really think you’d be here right now if I hadn’t made a
Chapter
call to the Balerno Military?”
“I have no idea what you did, but don’t think too highly of yourself. I don’t need your help.” Dustin retorted coolly.
“Dustin! How could you talk to him like this? Shouldn’t you be polite to the person who helped you?” Dahlia frowned. She knew that Dustin reacted that way because he was jealous, but he still shouldn’t offend Luis, who held a much higher status than him.
“When did I ever ask him for help? You guys did this willingly.” Dustin couldn’t care less.
“You-” Dahlia stomped her foot angrily and forced herself to take a deep breath to calm herself. “Stop making. a fuss, Dustin.”
“What did I do? Was I interrupting your date? If that’s the case, I’ll leave you two alone right now.” Dustin got up to leave right away.
“Wait!” Dahlia instantly grabbed his arm. “What on earth is going through your mind? I told you that we’re just friends. Why won’t you believe me?”
###Chapter 288 by Marina Vittori
“Just friends, eh? Then you won’t mind going home with me right this instant!” Dustin snapped.
“But … Dahlia frowned and glanced at Dustin and Luis, troubled. Although she didn’t have any feelings for Luis, the man had helped her, so it wouldn’t be right to turn her back on him now.
“What’s wrong? You don’t want to?” Dustin sneered. “Is this what you call an ordinary friend? How am I supposed to believe you?”
Dustin couldn’t believe that Dahlia was still hesitating. It seemed that he was even less important than her ordinary friends, and here he thought that their relationship had been improving. It must have been his imagination.
“Forget it, Ms. Nicholson. You don’t have to think about it so hard. We’re nothing to each other now. Enjoy your meal. I’ll be taking my leave. Dustin shook his head and turned around.
“Wait for me.” Grabbing two bottles, Adam hurried after Dustin. He didn’t have any experience when it came to love, so he couldn’t help Dustin.
After stepping out of the restaurant, Dustin remained motionless as he faced the cold wind, feeling frustrated. He was at a loss for how to deal with his emotions. He may have said it was fine, but his heart still stung
when he saw Dahlia with another man,
“Forget about her, buddy. There are lots of women everywhere else.” Adam stepped forward and patted Dustin’s shoulder. “With your skills, it won’t be hard for you to get any woman you want. Why don’t you consider my sister?”
“Hell no!” A feminine voice rang out from behind them.
The two men spun around to see a stunning woman heading toward them.
It was none other than Dahlia.
“Why did you come out?” Dustin was surprised. He didn’t expect her to chase after him, assuming she would ignore him.
“You’re such a petty man!” Dahlia huffed. “How could you run out when we’ve barely spoken!”
“Weren’t you having dinner with your friend? What are you doing here?” Dustin pretended to be calm but was actually relieved.
“I’m here to enjoy the breeze, alright?” Dahlia rolled her eyes, secretly pleased to see Dustin jealous.
“Ugh, the stench of love.” Adam shook his head.
“Shut up!” Dahlia and Dustin shouted in unison.
“Aren’t you worried if you just leave that man alone?” Dustin asked.
“What else can I do? I’ll just have to get him a present as an apology.” Dahlia shrugged. She seemed to have finally opened her eyes.
“You haven’t eaten, have you? Why don’t you join us?” Dustin offered.
Dahlia humphed. “At least you’re considerate.” She patted her belly, realizing she was hungry.
“Let’s go. We’ll bring you somewhere nice.” Dustin walked over to the car to open the door.
Just as she was about to get into the car, Dahlia’s eyes widened when she saw a truck loaded with dirt heading straight for them at top speed.
Watch out!” She frantically shoved Dustin away.
###Chapter 289 by Marina Vittori
“Watch out!” As the truck headed toward them, Dahlia’s immediate reaction was to push Dustin away, completely disregarding her safety. Realizing that she had nowhere else to escape to, she instinctively shut her eyes tightly. Right then, she came to a realization that it might not necessarily be a bad thing to die like this. At least he would remember for the rest of his life.
As her eyes closed, a strong figure dashed forward and put itself in front of her. With an ear–splitting boom, a fist landed on the front of the truck, and metal bent under the force. The sudden opposing force upturned the entire truck, flipping it around, and the truck landed on the ground behind Dahlia with a crash, debris flying in all directions.
“Are you okay, Dahlia?” Dustin drew his hand back and quickly surveyed the woman for any injuries before letting out a breath of relief.
“What in the world happened?” Dahlia’s eyes were opened wide as she gaped at the empty space in front of her before turning around to look at the overturned truck, shocked. She couldn’t understand how the truck had made its way behind her, but she might faint if she found out it was thanks to Dustin’s list.
“Are you an idiot? Don’t you know how to run away when there’s danger? Why the hell would you think of me first?” Dustin snapped furiously. Fortunately, his reflexes were sharp, or she would have died on impact!
“At the spur of the moment, I couldn’t think much.” Dahlia was pale from fear.
“You better remember that your safety comes first from now on!” Dustin warned sternly. He would be plagued by guilt for the rest of his life if she died because of him.
“Bro, can’t you give me some attention as well?” Adam staggered to his feet grumpily.
“What the hell? Even if you’re saving someone, why would you throw the truck toward me? Is my life not important to you? What happened to bros before hoes?” he thought.
“You’re alive anyway.” Dustin responded nonchalantly before turning his attention back to Dahlia. “It’s late. Let me send you home.”
He walked over to the road junction and flagged a cab to send her home. It was obvious that he had been the truck’s target, and he didn’t want to drag her into this mess.
At the entrance to the villa, Dahlia halted and spun around to ask, “Would you like to come in for a cup of tea?”
“It’s fine. You should get some rest.” Dustin politely refused as if he hadn’t understood what she was trying to say.
“You idiot!” Dahlia humped, glaring at him before spinning around and going into the house.
Dustin waited until the doors closed to look away, his eyes now cold and ruthless. “Adam, help me look into the truck.”
Chapter 289
“On it. Give me three minutes.” Adam whipped out his phone and made a call. In less than three minutes, the results came in. “Done. It turns out the Hummers put a bounty of up to ten billion dollars on your head. Most of the bounty killers should have their eyes on you by now. That truck was one of their attempts.” He
summarized.
“The Hummers.” Dustin narrowed his eyes, the air around him turning murderous. He hasn’t settled the score
of being captured by the military. How dare they act up again!
“What’s the plan? Do you want me to bring my team to their house and destroy their whole family?” Adam asked nonchalantly.
“It’s fine. I’ll take care of it.” Dustin answered coolly. “If they’re going out of their way to ensure my death, they
better not be surprised when I do the same!”
He spun around and disappeared into the darkness.
Back at the Hummer Villa.
“Josh, it’s time for you to take your meds.” Tina brought some medicine over to Joshua’s bedside.
“I can’t be bothered to take them right now.” Joshua frowned in displeasure. “Jade hasn’t returned since
morning, and I can’t reach her phone. Do you think something happened to her?”
“Stop overthinking. Josh. She’s from the Grant family. What could happen?” Tina shook her head.
“T–then, do you think she’s disgusted that I’m crippled and wants to end it with me?” Joshua asked again.
Ever since his core was destroyed, he lost his pride, turning anxious and sensitive instead.
“Of course not!” Tina refuted him straight away. “I can tell that she really likes you. I bet she’s running all over the place for you. Didn’t she promise to avenge you before she left this morning? So, stop worrying.”
“I must be thinking too much.” Joshua sighed. As the fallen Chosen One, something inside him had changed tremendously.
“Josh, rest well, and don’t overthink this. Dad went to Millsburg to ask for medicine from Dr. Watkins. I’m sure all your injuries will be gone in no time with the panacea.” Tina reassured him.
“You’re right. After I recover, I’ll rise to the top once more!” Joshua swore through gritted teeth. “I’ll make sure
Rhys suffers like never before!”
Just then, the lights went out, plunging the room into darkness.
“What’s happening?” Joshua demanded anxiously.
“Calm down, Josh. The breaker must have tripped. Tina went over to the door and shouted, “Somebody go check the breaker.”
Silence was all she got in response, the entire villa terrifyingly silent.
“Hey! Are you guys deal?” Tina yelled again, but no one responded.
Joshua had a bad feeling something was going to happen. “Something’s wrong! Let’s get out of here!”
Chapter 249
He sprung up and prepared to run when a tall figure walked into his room without a sound.
“Who the hell are you?” he shouted.
“The person who’s going to kill you.” The figure slowly lifted its head, and from the moonlight shining through
the window, Joshua finally had a clear look at the other person’s face.
“It’s you? W–w–weren’t you arrested? When did you get out?”
Joshua began to back up in terror. Just this morning, he’d received Tina’s message that the military had captured Custin. How did he get free in less than a day?
“Any last words?” Dustin asked coldly.
Tina threatened. “You better not mess around, Rhys! We have Boulderthorn and the Grants‘ protection. If you
touch-”
Before she could finish her sentence. Dustin flicked his wrist, and a silver needle embedded itself into her forehead.
Tina twitched before tilting her head back and falling to the ground, dead.
###Chapter 290 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Joshua stared at his sister’s body incredulously. He never thought that Dustin would be so ruthless, killing without warning.
“Anything else you want to say?” Dustin calmly asked.
“D– don’t kill me! Please don’t kill me!” Joshua fell to his knees, begging. “I was an idiot to offend you. Please forgive me. I swear I won’t go against you ever again!”
“You had your chance, but you didn’t appreciate it.” Dustin’s face was void of any sympathy.
“N–no. I do. I promise! Please! I’m still young. I don’t want to die! Just let me go. I’ll do anything you want. I swear!”
Joshua began ramming his forehead into the floor. He wasn’t able to win against Dustin when he was in peak condition, so why would he have a winning chance now? For Dustin, killing Joshua would be as easy as killing an ant.
“I’m pretty sure that’s not what you said just now.” Dustin sneered. “Didn’t you say that you were going to
make me suffer like never before after you recovered?”
“N–no, I didn’t!” Joshua shook his head frantically. “I would never dare!”
“Where’s Edwin?” Dustin demanded, clearly having lost his patience. He had searched the entire villa, but there
was no sign of Edwin Hummer.
“I–I don’t know! I heard that my dad went to Millsburg to get me medicine, but I have no idea where he is.”
Joshua cried.
“He’s in Millsburg, eh? Lucky bastard.” Dustin felt regretful that Edwin managed to get away.
“Are you looking for my dad? D–don’t worry, I’ll let you know as soon as he’s home! I’ll be your faithful hound
from now on.” Joshua smiled weakly, grasping at straws.
Dustin sneered. “You’re willing to betray your father? You’re worse than an animal.” He slowly raised his hand.
holding a silver needle.
“No! You can’t kill me! My mentor is the master of Boulderthorn, and my fiancée is the Grants‘ third daughter. You’ll become their enemy if you kill me. People will keep coming for your head, and you’ll have to live in lear
for the rest of your life!” Joshua roared, going berserk, his eyes bloodshot.
“You should have thought about that when you kidnapped Natasha. As for the Grants and Boulderthorn, well, I
don’t care about them. So, you’ll definitely die today,” Dustin replied coldly.
With a flick of his finger, the silver needle lodged itself in the space between Joshua’s forehead.
“No!” Joshua wailed with his last breath, the sound resonating in all directions.
Early the next morning. Inside a mansion in Millsburg, Edwin woke up with a start from his nightmare, sweat blanketing his whole body. For some reason, his sleep had been restless, an ominous feeling constantly
1/2
He sprung up and prepared to run when a tall figure walked into his room without a sound.
“Who the hell are you?” he shouted.
“The person who’s going to kill you.” The figure slowly lifted its head, and from the moonlight shining through the window. Joshua finally had a clear look at the other person’s face.
“It’s you? W–w–weren’t you arrested? When did you get out?”
Joshua began to back up in terror. Just this morning, he’d received Tina’s message that the military had captured Dustin. How did he get free in less than a day?
“Any last words?” Dustin asked coldly.
Tina threatened. “You better not mess around, Rhys! We have Boulderthorn and the Grants‘ protection. If you touch-
Before she could finish her sentence, Dustin flicked his wrist, and a silver needle embedded itself into her forehead.
Tina twitched before tilting her head back and falling to the ground, dead.
Chapter 290
Chapter 290
“What?” Joshua stared at his sister’s body incredulously. He never thought that Dustin would be so ruthless,
killing without warning.
“Anything else you want to say?” Dustin calmly asked.
“D–don’t kill me! Please don’t kill me!” Joshua fell to his knees, begging. “I was an idiot to offend you. Please forgive me. I swear I won’t go against you ever again!”
“You had your chance, but you didn’t appreciate it.” Dustin’s face was void of any sympathy.
“N–no. I do. I promise! Please! I’m still young. I don’t want to die! Just let me go. I’ll do anything you want. I
swear!”
Joshua began ramming his forehead into the floor. He wasn’t able to win against Dustin when he was in peak condition, so why would he have a winning chance now? For Dustin, killing Joshua would be as easy as killing
an ant.
“I’m pretty sure that’s not what you said just now.” Dustin sneered. “Didn’t you say that you were going to make me suffer like never before after you recovered?”
“N–no. I didn’t!” Joshua shook his head frantically. “I would never dare!”
“Where’s Edwin?” Dustin demanded, clearly having lost his patience. He had searched the entire villa, but there
was no sign of Edwin Hummer.
“I–I don’t know! I heard that my dad went to Millsburg to get me medicine, but I have no idea where he is.”
Joshua cried.
“He’s in Millsburg, eh? Lucky bastard.” Dustin felt regretful that Edwin managed to get away.
“Are you looking for my dad? D–don’t worry. I’ll let you know as soon as he’s home! I’ll be your faithful hound
from now on.” Joshua smiled weakly, grasping at straws.
Dustin sneered. “You’re willing to betray your father? You’re worse than an animal.” He slowly raised his hand.
holding a silver needle.
“No! You can’t kill me! My mentor is the master of Boulderthorn, and my fiancée is the Grants‘ third daughter. You’ll become their enemy if you kill me. People will keep coming for your head, and you’ll have to live in fear for the rest of your life!” Joshua roared, going berserk, his eyes bloodshot.
“You should have thought about that when you kidnapped Natasha. As for the Grants and Boulderthorn, well, I
don’t care about them. So, you’ll definitely die today,” Dustin replied coldly.
With a flick of his finger, the silver needle lodged itself in the space between Joshua’s forehead.
“No!” Joshua wailed with his last breath, the sound resonating in all directions.
Early the next morning, inside a mansion in Millsburg, Edwin woke up with a start from his nightmare, sweat blanketing his whole body. For some reason, his sleep had been restless, an ominous feeling constantly hovering over him.
“Sir Hummer!” One of his bodyguards barged into his room, overjoyed. “We finally got our hands on Dr. Watkins
Substratumis. With this. Mr. Hummer will finally recover!”
“Excellent! Show me!” Edwin’s face lit up, his worries forgotten.
“Here you go, sir!” The guard brought out a jade box and opened it, revealing a glistening sheer milky white pill that emitted a sweet, relaxing scent.
###Chapter 291 by Marina Vittori
“Well done. Well done, indeed!” Edwin laughed boisterously. “This Substratumis may be expensive, but it’s definitely worth the price!”
While he was still chortling away, another bodyguard rushed into the room anxiously. “Sir, something bad happened back home!” The guard fell to his knees, weeping.
“What?” Edwin frowned.
“We just received news from Swinton that Hummer Villa turned into a slaughterhouse last night. All of our fighters are dead, and Ms. Hummer and Mr. Hummer were both killed as well. The Hummer family is gone!”
These words struck Edwin like lightning, and the Substratumis in his hand crashed to the floor, shattering instantly.
“Son!” Edwin wailed mournfully, collapsing to the floor.
The devastated man stayed on the floor for what felt like ages. When he finally staggered to his feet, he seemed to have aged ten years, looking extremely haggard.
“Get ready. I want to head to Boulderthorn’s branch right this instant!” Edwin seethed menacingly. He no longer had anything to fear now that his children were dead. He only cared about avenging them, no matter the cost!
After an hour, in Boulderthorn’s branch’s meeting room.
“What? Joshua was killed?” A man in a green shirt shot up and roared. “Who the hell dares to touch someone from Boulderthorn?”
“It was Natasha Harmon and a man called Dustin Rhys!” Edwin growled.
The other man humphed. “How dare a family like them challenge us! They must have a death wish! Gather up our men. No matter what, we must avenge Joshua!”
“Yes, sir!”
The Boulderthorn disciples immediately left to carry out the man’s orders. Soon, the entire branch began to make a move.
Boulderthorn had hundreds of thousands of disciples throughout Balerno, and this particular branch has fostered the highest quantity of skilled martial artists. The reason for that was simple: their mentor was the guildmaster of Boulderthorn.
Boulderthorn has four branch leaders, eight guildmasters, and thirty–six second–in–commands. Besides the branch leaders, the guildmasters held the most power in the guild. With just one command, guildmasters could control thousands of disciples. However, each guildmaster had strong animosity against the other, so they were extremely protective of their disciples. So, whenever someone was in trouble, everyone would immediately chip in to help. And out of all Boulderthorn disciples, Joshua was the most talented and skilled, earning him the head guildmaster’s affection,
His sudden death shocked the entire guild, and if Boulderthorn didn’t avenge him, their reputation would be sullied, particularly for this branch.
Edwin felt some sense of relief when he saw the effort the guild disciples were putting in. Without saying another word, he got back to his car and headed towards the Grants home.
No matter who was responsible for Jade’s disappearance, he was sure to place the blame on Dustin, and, knowing the Grants, Dustin wasn’t going to get away with this easily. With Boulderthorn and the Grants working together, even the Harmon family, one of the wealthiest families around, wouldn’t last long, and when the time came, the Harmon family would surely make Natasha take responsibility alone.
As for Dustin, he was nothing but a sitting duck for the Boulderthorn disciples.
“My dear son, I will avenge you soon,” Edwin swore solemnly.
###Chapter 292 by Marina Vittori
Meanwhile, in Park Place, Swiston. “What? Joshua Hummer is dead, and his entire family was massacred? They even burned Hummer Villa down to the ground?” Jessica, who had been relaxing a second ago, sobered when she heard her guard’s report.
The Hummer family was well known for being the top family in Swinton. While it couldn’t win against the Harmon family, it was still a force to be reckoned with, especially with Boulderthorn’s support. So who could be powerful enough to destroy that family?
“Do you know who did it?” Jessica pushed.
“The fire burned almost everything. It’ll be difficult to trace the source.” The guard shook his head.
“We’ll be in trouble if we can’t find the culprit!” Jessica frowned, pondering. Under normal circumstances, she’d be over the moon to learn that the Hummer family was gone. However, most people now knew that the Hummer family and her daughter had something against each other, so Natasha would naturally become the prime suspect. What Jessica feared the most was that should Boulderthorn start digging into this matter, things would get much more complicated.
“What’s wrong?” Just then, Natasha walked into the room wearing silk pajamas.
“Joshua Hummer is dead, and the entire Hummer family was destroyed while Edwin Hummer is still missing!” Jessica summarized everything she knew.
“I already knew that. Nothing to be surprised of.” Natasha stretched lazily.
“Huh? When did you find out?” Jessica asked, astonished.
“Dustin called me last night,” Natasha responded calmly.
“Last night?” Jessica froze before understanding dawned. “Are you saying that he’s the one who did it?”
“Yep.” Natasha nodded.
“Is he crazy? How could he kill Joshua Hummer? Doesn’t he know that Joshua’s mentor is Clement Lincoln? Isn’t he worried that Boulderthorn would retaliate?” Jessica snapped.
“The Hummer family and I are already enemies, so I don’t think Dustin did anything wrong.” Natasha countered.
The truth was she’d already been prepared to fight against them after hearing that the military had arrested Dustin. Still, it was a good thing he returned safely.
“He did nothing wrong?” Jessica frowned. “Natasha, do you have any idea what you’re saying? Even your father has to be careful around Lincoln! Dustin won’t be the only one to die if Lincoln wants revenge. You’ll be dragged down too!”
Boulderthorn was one of the strongest guilds in Balerno. The Harmon family wouldn’t be able to stand up against them, much less the guildmaster, who had the power to control over ten thousand men.
To put things into perspective, without military aid, no one would be able to stop those martial artists.
Chapter 292
“Boulderthorn may be powerful, but they are not above the law. They won’t be able to do as they please. Besides, did you really think that the Hummer family was going to simply let us go if Dustin hadn’t killed Joshua? Since nothing can stop us from being enemies, the next best option would be to make the first move!” Natasha explained calmly, having thought about it earlier.
“I don’t care. Dustin is in big trouble this time. If you don’t want to drag our family into this mess, you better cut all ties with him right now!” Jessica warned.
“That’s your plan? Cutting ties with him?” Natasha snorted. “You shouldn’t forget that Dustin offended the Hummer family for me. Are you telling me to turn my back on him right now?”
“Why not?” Jessica responded scornfully. “Everyone has their value. Once they’re no longer of use, they should be discarded. You should always focus on the bigger picture.”
“How could you say something like that? You haven’t changed, have you? You’re still so disgusting!” Natasha sneered before spinning around to leave.
“You” Jessica fumed.
###Chapter 293 by Marina Vittori
Was it wrong for a mother to worry about her daughter’s safety? So why couldn’t Natasha understand her? “Istrid!” Jessica called out.
A voluptuous woman immediately hurried into the room. “Yes, Madam?” “Send an anonymous letter to Clement Lincoln to let him know everything Dustin has done.” Jessica instructed.
“Huh?” Isfrid was stunned. “A–are you sure, Madam?” Dustin had been severely injured just to save Natasha, yet Jessica was telling her to betray him. That was crossing the line.
“Shut up and do as I say! Natasha will only be safe if we sacrifice Dustin. Hurry up!” Jessica ordered coldly.
“Yes. Madam.” Istrid could only nod. Although she felt sorry for Dustin, as the Harmon family’s shadow guard, she had no choice but to obey Jessica.
Meanwhile, a red BMW suddenly pulled up at the door of Peaceful Medical Center. The car door flung open. and Dakota Nicholson rushed into the building frenziedly.
“I know you’re here, Rhys! Come out!” she yelled.
“Which uneducated brat is it?” Dustin emerged from the kitchen. He looked up and gave her a knowing look. So it’s you. What can I do for you?”
“Cut the crap! My mother’s sick. Follow me to the hospital and help her!” Dakota ordered rudely. She woke up this morning to find that her mother was paralyzed, unable to feel anything below her shoulders, and could
only move her neck.
Although Dakota was shocked, she was forced to admit that everything happened just as Dustin had said it would. Her mother had fainted the first day, coughed up blood on the second, and became paralyzed on the third, just like he said.
So, if her mother couldn’t receive treatment in time, she would die tomorrow.
“What does your mother falling sick have to do with me?” Dustin shrugged, not at all surprised.
“She wouldn’t be sick if you hadn’t slapped her,” Dakota replied arrogantly.
“Wow, to become terminally ill from a slap. Your mother sure is something else.” Dustin chuckled, shaking his
head.
“Stop messing around. I’m giving you a chance to redeem yourself. Come with me to the hospital to save my
mother right now!” Dakota ordered.
“Sorry, but I don’t give a damn.” Dustin refused bluntly.
“What?” Dakota frowned. “How dare you refuse! Do you have any idea what the consequences will be?”
Chapter 293
“Nope.” Dustin shook his head.
Dakota humped, displeased. “That means you’ll offend the Glenstead Nicholsons. If I can pull you out of jail, I can certainly put you back in.”
“It sounds like I have you to thank for my freedom?” Dustin asked, amused.
“Do you think I would have saved you if Dahlia didn’t keep begging me?” Dakota humphed. “You should be grateful. Since I saved you, it’s time for you to repay the favor. I’m giving you a chance to save my mother!”
“I have no idea where you found the confidence to say all that.” Dustin snorted and shook his head. “If that’s the attitude you’re going to carry, I’m afraid I can’t help you. Please leave.”
Dakota was supposed to ask for a favor, yet she acted arrogantly. It was as if she expected him to be grateful. that she was telling him to save someone. Who did she think she was?
###Chapter 294 by Marina Vittori
“You shameless bastard!” Dustin’s repeated refusal angered Dakota, the proud daughter of a wealthy family. Usually, people would be tripping over their feet trying to flatter her, yet here Dustin was, ignoring her.
“Who’s the shameless one?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. “Have you been eating so much junk food that you
fried your brain? This is Balerno, not Glenstead, so don’t give me that attitude!”
“You-” Dakota was so angry she gritted her teeth, but she couldn’t do anything else since she desperately needed him to save her mother. She would have already struck him if her mother’s life wasn’t at stake.
“What do you want, Rhys?” Dakota took a deep breath, trying to keep her anger at bay.
“I won’t make things difficult for you, for Dahlia’s sake, Dustin answered. “I can save her, but first, I want you
to stop that haughty attitude of yours and give me a sincere apology. Next, I want you to write a letter of
apology.”
“Never!” Dakota balked. “How could I, the daughter of the Glenstead Nicholsons, apologize to someone like you? Absolutely not.”
“Then forget about it. I’m not the one suffering anyway.” Dustin responded lazily. “But don’t say I didn’t warn
you. Your mother will die tomorrow if she doesn’t receive treatment in time.”
“You-” Dakota choked, her face dark. Although she didn’t like hearing that, it was still the truth. If her mother didn’t receive help in time, she would be dead by the next morning.
“Please leave if you aren’t happy with my conditions.” Dustin waved her away.
“I–I’ll do it!” Dakota eventually gave in. Biting her lip, she stammered. ‘I–I’m sorry. I was wrong.”
“Are you talking to the air? Speak up!” Dustin ordered.
“I’m sorry! I was wrong!” Dakota shouted, her face red. That was her first time apologizing to someone, and it was utterly humiliating.
“Fine. I’ll forgive you because of Dahlia, but you better remember not to be so arrogant from now on. Not everyone is as kind as me,” Dustin reminded her.
Dakota’s face darkened, and her palms ached from how hard she clenched her fists. She forced out a smile and asked, “You’ll save my mom now, right?”
“What about the apology letter?” Dustin asked instead.
“I’ll write it!” Dakota gritted her teeth and began writing as soon as she got some pen and paper. Soon, a long letter was completed.
“As expected of an aristocratic family’s lady. Your writing is perfect.” Dustin nodded, pleased. He stored the letter away and pulled out a bottle of pills. “Here. One pill a day, and she’ll be as good as new after a month.”
“Just this? Are you serious?” Dakota accepted the bottle and studied it suspiciously. “Are you messing with me, Rhys? My mom can be saved with just a few pills?”
“What else were you expecting? Was I supposed to open her up instead?” Dustin questioned back.
“Alright. I’ll believe you this once. Your medicine better work, or I’m coming for you!” Giving Dustin a vicious glare, Dakota turned to leave.
###Chapter 295 by Marina Vittori
“Hold on.” “What now?” Dakota halted and spun around, impatient. “You haven’t paid yet. This medicine is precious. You can just pay me ten million, Dustin casually told her.
“What? A bottle like this costs ten million dollars? You might as well rob a bank!” Dakota fumed.
“This is obviously easier than robbing a bank. You can always give it back if you find it too expensive.” Dustin reached out to grab the bottle back.
“You’re shameless!” Dakota gritted her teeth and wrote up a ten–million– dollar check before leaving angrily. She’d made up her mind to make Dustin pay after her mother recovered.
After half an hour, she reached the hospital. As soon as she returned to the ward, she saw a group of doctors gathered there, shaking their heads and sighing. Her mother, Jane, was lying on the hospital bed, unable to
move.
“You’re back, Dakota!” Florence rushed forward and asked, “How did it go? Does he have the solution? If
there’s no other method, we’ll have to seek out Dr. Cross.”
“He gave me a bottle of pills and told me Mom would be fine after taking them for a month.” Dakota pulled out the bottle and poured out an ordinary–looking black pill the size of a peanut that emitted a musty odor.
“This thing can heal her?” Florence gaped in dismay. Instead of the panacea she had been expecting, all she saw was a booger.
“That’s what he said.” Dakota nodded her head.
“Ms. Nicholson,” a bald doctor suddenly spoke. “Your mother’s life is in danger. The best choice right now would be to perform a craniotomy surgery, not listen to some voodoo doctor.”
“You can’t even figure out what’s wrong with her, yet you want to perform a craniotomy? How’s that different from murder?” Dakota snapped.
The doctors had previously told her that her mother might be paralyzed due to the tumor in her brain. However, the CT scan results came back clean, so how could she blindly believe their assumptions?
“All surgeries come with risks, but at least our professional team is more reliable than the doctor you found!”
the bald doctor promised.
“I have to try no matter what!” Dakota’s tone was firm.
“What an idiot.” The bald doctor shook his head and looked at Dakota like she was a moron. “Why would the world need doctors if medicine can cure everything?”
“Exactly! I’ll take a shit while doing a handstand if it works!” another doctor voiced.
Ignoring them, Dakota grabbed the pill and put it into her mother’s mouth. The pill melted instantly, and a gush of energy spread through Jane’s limbs.
A few seconds later, Jane began to cough, her face flushed.
“What the hell is this? It tastes atrocious!” Jane sputtered and sat up to gargle using the cup of water beside her.
“You can move again, Mom?” Dakota froze, then she lit up in excitement.
“Huh?” Jane halted, swallowing the water she had just gargled, before springing up happily. “Oh my! I can move again!”
“Who said they’d take a shit while doing a handstand? Step forward right now!” Dakota glared at the doctors..
rendering them speechless.
###Chapter 296 by Marina Vittori
The doctors looked at each other in shock after seeing how lively Jane was. They couldn’t believe that such a small pill had cured what a group of medical professionals had been unable to. It was incredible!
Was that black pill a panacea or something?
Getting over his shock, the bald doctor tentatively asked, “Ms. Nicholson, may I know what pill that is? Could we study it?”
“Yeah, right. Fuck off!” Dakota immediately kicked him, making the man groan in pain.
Knowing he had lost, he quickly led the other doctors out of the room in disappointment.
“Who knew a small pill like this could be so powerful?” Florence was in awe. Despite its looks and smell, its effects were evident.
“It may have cost ten million dollars, but it was worth it!” Dakota exclaimed happily.
“What? Ten million?” The other two women instantly sprung up.
“Are you joking. Dakota? A bottle like this costs ten million dollars? Florence asked, wide–eyed.
“Yeah! Were you tricked? How could this ordinary–looking medicine cost so much?” Jane demanded, pained. The richer someone was, the stingier they were.
“Forget it. As long as it could save you, the price isn’t that important.” Dakota wasn’t too angry about it.
“What do you mean forget about it?” Jane fumed. “I still haven’t gotten even with that brat for slapping me. How dare he con us out of ten million dollars! I have to get that money back!” She immediately tried to get out of bed, but her agitated state, combined with her weak body, made her knees go weak, and she immediately collapsed back on the bed.
“Mom, we can think about the money later. Your health is way more important,” Dakota said worriedly.
“Don’t worry, Jane. I’ll get the money back for you.” Florence volunteered, not letting the opportunity to prove herself escape.
“Alright, then. I’ll leave this to you.” Jane agreed without hesitation. She couldn’t be happier that someone was volunteering to run errands for her.
“Mom, bad news!” Just then, Dahlia barged into the room anxiously.
“What’s wrong?” Florence was puzzled since she rarely saw her daughter so panicked.
“It’s James.” Dahlia panted before continuing. “I just received news that he got drunk last night and
accidentally ran his car into someone, killing that person. He’s already been arrested!”
“He killed someone?” Florence was stunned. “How is that possible? He never drives after drinking. How could this have happened?”
“I don’t know the specifics either. He’s being held in police custody. Let’s go now.” Dahlla urged.
“Right! Let’s go!” Florence quickly followed Dahlia out of the room.
Dahlia was the one who drove, and moments later, they arrived at the investigation bureau. After a simple
registration, the two women entered the meeting room and saw a roughed–up James.
“Mom! Sis! You’re finally here!” James burst out crying the moment he saw them.
“You asshole! How dare you drink and drive!” Dahlia walked forward and slapped him across the face.
###Chapter 297 by Marina Vittori
“Enough. Stop fighting. Let us know what happened first.” Florence said worriedly.
“I’m not sure what happened either.” James sobbed. “I blacked out after drinking with my friends. By the time I woke up, I was already in the car, and there was wreckage everywhere. I was so scared I ran away immediately, but I got caught the same night.”
“You did a hit–and– run? Do you know how severe this crime is? You won’t be getting out without a decade or two of jail time!” Dahlia spat.
“What?” James immediately paled. “I’m still young. I don’t want to go to jail. Please save me!”
“You have to pay the price for your mistakes. How can you think that you’ll be safe after killing someone?”
Dahlia sighed. Although she loved her brother dearly, she could do nothing about his crime.
“Sis, Mom, help me! I swear I’ll never do this again! I’ve learned my lesson, I swear!” James swore frantically. unable to stand the thought of living out his life in prison.
“Calm down, James. I’ll call you aunt right now. With the Glenstead Nicholsons‘ help and some money, we
should be able to get your out.” Florence quickly drew out her phone and called Jane. “Hello? Jane? James is in danger. He ran his car into somebody and killed them. Could you make a few calls to get him out?”
“It’s not that I don’t want to help you, Florence, but Dahlia ran away from her date last night, so our family is very unhappy. They’ve given the order that unless Dahlia marries Mr. Longford, our family will not be providing any assistance,” Jane responded calmly.
“What?” Florence stiffened and turned to look at Dahlia questioningly.
“I’ll never marry him!” Dahlia immediately refused.
“Then forget about it. Deal with James on your own.” Jane hung up.
“Just agree, Dahlia. What’s wrong with marrying Mr. Langford? He’s powerful and rich, and he comes from an aristocratic family. As long as you marry him, we can save your brother and live comfortably for the rest of our
lives.” Florence urged.
“Mom, I don’t like him!” Dahlia frowned.
“You’ll fall in love with him after some time. Would you rather see your brother being sent to prison?” Florence
wailed.
“That’s right, Sis. Just marry Mr. Langford, or I’m doomed!” James sobbed.
“Did the two of you ever think of my future?” Dahlia was troubled.
“You’ll have a wonderful life if you marry Mr. Langford, and our family will become powerful too, What’s not to like about that? Besides, I’m your brother. Do you want to see me rot away in jail?” James roared, his eyes bloodshot.
“Let me think about it. T–there must be another way.” Dahlia shut her eyes helplessly.
“What’s there to think about? We’re running out of time.” James shouted frantically.
“He’s right. Won’t you please help him? I’m begging you!” Florence cried and fell to her knees.
“What are you doing, Mom? Get up!” Dahlia paled and tried to help Florence stand.
“I won’t get up until you agree!” Florence declared.
At the sight of her mother’s firm attitude and her brother’s terrified expression, Dahlia stood rooted dumbly, at a loss. She never thought that things would turn out this way. The happiness she’d been praying for was just
a few steps ahead, so why was God treating her this way? Didn’t she deserve happiness?
“Fine. I’ll do it …” Dahlia shut her eyes, tears spilling down her cheeks.
She had given in..
###Chapter 298 by Marina Vittori
“Fine. I’ll do it…” Within an exclusive club, Luis couldn’t help grinning when he heard the other voice from the phone. “Great. See you tonight. You better not stand me up again.”
With that, he hung up. The young men and women surrounding him immediately gave him a thumbs–up after learning what had happened.
“Never thought a tiny trick like this could get that chick to obey you, Ms. Langford. You’re incredible!” a blond man praised.
Luis chuckled evilly. “She would never have agreed if I hadn’t sent her brother in. Besides, how could I let a chick like her slip through my fingers like that?”
None of the women he set his sights on have ever gotten away from him. All it took was some time and some tricks. Dahlia may look like an innocent woman, but as long as he used her friends and family as bait, she would surely bite.
“I’m curious, Mr. Langford. Why would you marry her? You could have just had fun without getting married. This doesn’t seem like something you’d do.” The blond man observed.
“Excellent question.” Luis paused to light a cigar. “Truthfully, what I want is the Glenstead Nicholsons” support. Marriage between our families has been set, and Dahlia will soon carry out her family’s orders. Through her, I will take over the Nicholsons‘ power completely!”
His words caused a stir among the crowd, and they immediately began singing his praises.
“As expected of Mr. Langford, he thinks so far ahead. How impressive!”
“He has brains and brawn. He’s amazing!”
“Once I take over the Nicholsons, I will become the head of the Langfords!” Luis declared confidently.
Competition between him and his brothers was fierce, as everyone wanted to become the head of the family. To win against them, he must have enough strength and power.
“Then let us wish you a happy marriage in advance!” The blond man led the group to offer Luis a toast. Soon, laughter resonated through the room.
8 pm at Hillview Restaurant.
Dustin had arrived earlier than the agreed time. He had chosen the most luxurious room they had to cater to him and Dahlia, which didn’t matter much to him since this was one of his businesses, and he didn’t have to
pay.
“Sir, our chef prepared these dishes specially for you. Please let us know what you think.” The manager, carrying a menu, began to introduce each dish to Dustin.
“No need for all this. You can arrange it as you see fit. Just make sure to get us the chef’s signature dish,”
Chapter 298
Dustin instructed.
“Of course, sir.” The manager nodded and waved his hand to those outside the room.
A group of waiters immediately began setting up the place with flowers, wine, candles, and more, making the room look romantic and warm. They had even hired a guitarist and three dancers to perform. Soon, everything was ready.
“Sir, I took the liberty to arrange some performers. I hope you don’t mind.” the manager said with a smile.
“This looks quite grand. You must have put in a lot of effort.” Dustin was surprised.
“I can always tell them to leave if you don’t wish them to be here.” The manager lowered his head.
“It’s fine. It’s quite nice. Thank you.” Dustin smiled.
Dahlia would like this, wouldn’t she?
“It’s my pleasure to serve you, sir. May I know when Ms. Nicholson will be arriving so I can prepare things?” the manager asked tentatively.
“She should be here soon.” Dustin glanced at the time. It was already past eight..
Dahlia always kept her promise and was never late. Did something happen?
Puzzled, Dustin pulled out his phone to call her.
###Chapter 299 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia didn’t pick up the first two times. It wasn’t until his third attempt that the call got through.
“Hey, Dahlia. Didn’t you tell me to treat you to dinner? Why aren’t you here yet?” Dustin asked.
“About that I’m sorry, but something came up. I might not be able to leave any time soon.” Dahlia’s voice sounded strange.
“It’s alright. Work is more important. Take your time. I won’t bother you.” Dustin answered understandingly despite the tinge of regret.
Dahlia hummed. “I’ll treat you another day.”
“Sure.” Dustin smiled. He was just about to hang up when he heard a familiar voice.
“Dahlia, who are you calling? Hurry up. You’ve got to drink with me-”
With a beep, the call ended.
“Sir, when is Ms. Nicholson arriving?” the manager asked.
“She has something to deal with, so she can’t come. You can put everything away. I’m sorry, everyone.” Dustin smiled politely and got up to leave.
Everyone exchanged confused glances. Why had the carefully planned dinner gone to waste?
Meanwhile, inside a Barkarole Hotel room.
“Mr. Langford, I can’t drink anymore. Let’s stop here tonight.” Dahlia waved her hands frantically as another
glass of wine came towards her.
Her face was flushed, and she was light–headed, her body weak.
“It was quite hard to get your brother out of that mess. You can’t be that ungrateful, can you?” Luis held up his
glass unhappily.
“Just drink it, Dahlia. It’s just one glass.” Florence, who was sitting beside them, urged.
They were here because they wanted to save James, so they had to make sure they pleased Luis.
“But – Dahlia hesitated, troubled. Knowing her limits, she was sure she’d collapse if she drank anymore.
“I won’t force you anymore, Dahlia. This is the last glass.” Luis pushed the glass towards her once more.
“See, Dahlia? It’s the last glass. You shouldn’t embarrass him.” Florence pressed softly.
“Alright, I’ll drink it.” Taking a deep breath, Dahlia lifted the glass to her lips and downed the entire thing. As soon as the liquid settled, she felt herself getting dizzier. Her body swayed, and she almost tripped.
With quick reflexes, Florence grabbed Dahlia to keep her still. “Mr. Langford, Dahlia is drunk. Why don’t I send her home.”
“It’s fine. I’ve already booked a presidential suite for the two of you. She can just rest here.” Luis said with a smile.
“Won’t that be too much trouble?” Florence questioned tentatively.
“Of course not. We’ll be a family soon. You should go and rest.” Luis drew out a room card and passed it to Florence.
“Thank you, Mr. Langford.” Florence nodded and helped Dahlia out of the room.
“Let’s see how you’re going to escape tonight.” Luis cackled, seeing Dahlia’s retreating figure. He lifted his glass and took a big gulp before following behind the two women.
###Chapter 300 by Marina Vittori
Inside the presidential suite, Florence helped Dahlia onto the bed and took off the younger woman’s shoes. She then went to grab a basin of warm water to wipe Dahlia down.
“Mom, I feel horrible. I want some water.” Dahlia lay on the bed weakly, feeling parched.
“Water won’t work. I’ll get you some milk. Wait here.” Florence made up an excuse and quickly left the room, bumping into Luis straight away.
“How’s Dahlia doing. Mrs. Nicholson?”
“She’s fine. Nothing a night’s sleep won’t fix. Florence smiled.
“Where are you heading, Mrs. Nicholson?” Luis asked again.
“To get Dahlia some milk to case her stomach ache.”
“I see…” Luis smiled knowingly. “No one sells milk nearby, so I’m afraid you’ll have to search further. You might have to come back later too.”
“Are you sure? I’m pretty sure I saw a grocery store downstairs.” Florence smiled awkwardly.
“Are you questioning me?” Luis‘ smile slowly disappeared, an animalistic, cruel expression taking over.
“O–of course not. Got it. I’ll come back later.” Florence promised hurriedly, smiling apologetically.
“Good.” Luis‘ smile returned, and he watched the woman leave. As soon as she was gone, he opened the room door and let himself in.
“How did you get the milk so quickly, Mom?” Dahlia asked weakly from the bed.
“Your mother isn’t coming back anytime soon, so I’ll be taking care of you,” Luis responded.
“Mr. Langford? What are you doing here?” Dahlia’s face tightened. “How did you get in? Where’s my mom?”
“She went to get you some milk, of course,” Luis answered, beginning to take his clothes off.
“What do you think you’re doing. Mr. Langford?” Dahlia began to panic.
“What do you think is supposed to happen when a man and a woman are left alone in a room?” He sneered. removing his tie, eyes full of lust.
“Don’t mess with me, Mr. Langford. I’m not that kind of person!” Dahlia shouted.
“We’ll be engaged in a few days and getting married soon, so what does it matter? Luis jeered. “I promise you Infinite luxury if you please me tonight.”
“No! You’re not touching me until we’re married!” Dahlia stood her ground.
“That’ll take too long. You’re going to sate me right now!” He lunged forward and began yanking at her clothes like a beast.
“Go away!” Struggling with all her might, Dahlia planted a firm kick at Luis‘ groin, and the man immediately
doubled, groaning. “Are you alright, Mr. Langford?” Dahlia was startled. Things would be bad if she caused him permanent injury down there.
“You bitch!” Furious, Luis slapped Dahlia across the face, making her stagger and fall to the floor. “No woman has ever rejected me, much less kicked me. How dare you!” Luis exploded.
“I’m sorry. Mr. Langford. I didn’t do that on purpose.” Dahlia shook her head.
“Shut the fuck up! If you don’t want something to happen to your brother, you better kneel and beg for forgiveness!”
“You’re crossing the line, Mr. Langford!” Dahlia snapped.
###Chapter 301 by Marina Vittori
If Luis was going to rape her, she’d rather die than suffer and be humiliated that way.
“So what? How dare a secondhand good like you act innocent. Take off your clothes right now!” Luis shouted.
“No!” Gritting her teeth, Dahlia ignored her weak body and staggered to the door.
“Do you think you can escape?” With a sneer, the man ran after her.
Just as Dahlia was about to reach the lift, he sped up and made a lunge for her, dragging her to the floor. He immediately began to tug at her clothes.
Just then, the lift doors opened with a ding. The two of them lifted their heads and froze when they saw Dustin emerging from the lift with a dark face.
“What are you two doing?” Dustin seethed, a murderous air surrounding him. He realized that something was wrong when he heard Dahlia’s earlier reply, so he quickly told someone to track her car, and this was the first thing he saw.
“So, it’s you.” Luis leisurely pulled himself to his feet and lifted his pants, grinning tauntingly. ” Are you here to peek at me and my girlfriend making love?”
“Girlfriend?” Dustin frowned and stared at Dahlia. “What is going on?”
“I-it’s not what you think it is.” Dahlia frantically shook her head, but she didn’t know how to explain this to him.
“Why are you hiding this from him, Dahlia? Weren’t you drinking with me so that we could do this? Since he’s caught us, we might as well let him know.” Luis smiled.
“Dahlia Nicholson! Is this what you meant when you said you were meeting a client?” Dustin’s face had contorted with rage. He thought that she was in trouble, but it turned out that she was on a date.
“I …” Dahlia was at a loss for what to say. It was true that she had lied to him, but it was only because she didn’t want him to misunderstand. However, things had still turned out this way. “Nothing to say?” Dustin sneered at himself. “So, you’ve been lying to me this entire time?”
“N-no. I didn’t mean to.” Dahlia’s eyes were red.
“Then what?” Dustin’s expression contorted with agony. “You promised to have dinner with me, yet you abandoned me to visit someone else in a hotel room. Are you still going to tell me you weren’t lying to me?”
“I’m sorry, Dustin. I’m sorry! I didn’t do it on purpose. I didn’t think things would turn out this way.” “Right. You didn’t expect me to ruin your fun, or you could’ve continued treating me like a fool.” Dustin shook his head and sneered. “I was an idiot to think that you changed and even tried to accept you. It took me so long to realize that you’ve been toying with me this entire time I don’t get it. What did I ever do to you? Why would you do something like this to get even with me? Why won’t you let me go even though we’re divorced? Was it fun toying with my emotions? Will you never stop until you’ve completely humiliated me?”
“Listen to me, Dustin. I really like you. I never wanted to hurt you. Please believe me!” Dahlia sobbed.
“You like me? Then what about him?” Dustin pointed at Luis. “I saw everything just now. Did you think that I’m blind?”
“N-no. That was a misunderstanding.” Dahlia bit her lip
“A misunderstanding? Are you telling me that he was about to rape you?” Dustin’s face darkened instantly. “If you say yes, I’ll make sure to get rid of him!”
Hearing that, Dahlia immediately fell silent. She wanted to admit everything, but she couldn’t. Luis was not someone she could cross, and definitely not someone Dustin could cross. Things would become disastrous should Dustin try to harm Luis. After all, the Stonia Langfords were not someone they could win against.
###Chapter 302 by Marina Vittori
“Why aren’t you saying anything? Do you agree with what I said?” Dustin’s final glimmer of hope disappeared along with Dahlia’s silence. He’d given her a chance to explain herself, but she didn’t give him the answer he wanted.
“I’m sorry. I have my reasons.” Dahlia felt her heart bleeding, and breathing became difficult.
“Reasons?” Dustin sneered. “What could make you sell your body? What could stop you from explaining things to me?”
“I’m sorry… I’m sorry…” Dahlia sobbed, anguished.
“Don’t apologize to me. We’re already divorced, sol have no right to control anything you do, and you didn’t betray me.” Dustin’s face gradually turned hard. “However, please don’t ever bother me again. I’m still human. I can’t keep being hurt by you. So, won’t you please let me go?”
“I …” Dahlia didn’t know what to say.
Perhaps the best thing for her to do now was to completely cut ties with him since she had no choice but to yield to Luis for her brother, her family, and Dustin. Still, she’d already made up her mind. The day of her union with Luis would be the day she died.
“Alright. That’s enough. You’ve said everything you needed to say.” Luis grinned tauntingly. “Wait for me in the room, Dahlia. We’ll have some fun later.”
Dahlia didn’t move. However, Dustin’s breathing began to quicken.
“What are you waiting for? A show?” Luis gave Dustin a disdainful look over. “Though I must admit. You’ve got good taste in women. Her smooth, supple skin sure is lovely! I’ll have lots of fun later. Well, you can watch from the side if you don’t mind.” Luis chuckled, grinning wickedly.
“You’re dead meat!” Enraged, Dustin planted his foot into Luis’ abdomen and, with a bang, the latter crashed into the wall, passing out on the spot
“Are you crazy, Dustin? Do you have any idea what you’ve done?” Dahlia immediately paled. Luis was an aristocrat in Stonia. Offending someone like him was like asking for someone to kill
you.
“What? Are you worried about him?” Dustin sniggered. “For you to fall for a pervert like him, I can’t help wondering if there’s something wrong with your eyes.
||
“That has nothing to do with you. Get out! I never want to see you again!” Dahlia bit her lip, trying to control her emotions. Injuring Luis was no small matter. Dustin would be in trouble if Luis’ bodyguards were to arrive now.
“Are you finally showing your true colors? Have you decided to stop pretending?” Dustin chuckled coolly
“So what? I don’t mind letting you know I’m not just dating him. We’re engaged, and our wedding is in three days!” Dahlia revealed the shocking news.
“What? Engaged?” Dustin’s expression immediately darkened. “What’s wrong with you? How could you marry someone like him?”
“Who I marry is none of your business! And you’re right. I was toying with your feelings, but so what? You were the one who was stupid enough to listen to me. Why don’t you look in the fucking mirror? Do you think a broke loser like you can stand beside me? Luis is different. With his family background and power, I’ll live a luxurious life once I marry him! Compared to him, you’re nothing! There you go. This is the truth you wanted! Are you happy now!” Dahlia roared.
“You’re shameless!” Unable to stop himself, Dustin slapped her, and clear marks appeared on her face instantly.
Dustin was shocked. Never once in their three years of marriage had he ever struck her, so he never expected himself to lose control of his emotions. Still, anger quickly took over his dismay.
She deserved it!
“I was an idiot to believe you. Please don’t ever appear before me ever again!” Dustin spat before leaving.
“Dus-” Dahlia reached out a hand to stop him but managed to stop herself. She knew that this was the end for them. However, this was still a good ending.
So, why? Why did her heart ache so much?
Her chest was throbbing so much she couldn’t breathe.
“Dahlia! What happened?” Just then, Florence had arrived. When she spotted Luis unconscious on the floor, she paled. “Did you do this?”
“Mom, Dustin dropped by just now. He knows everything now. We’re never getting back together.” Dahlia wailed, throwing herself into her mother’s embrace.
“Shh… Mom’s here.” Florence patted her daughter’s back. “Your status has changed. Dustin isn’t good enough for you anymore.
“B-but I love him! I really want to be with him! Why is God doing this to me? I don’t want to accept this!” Dahlia wailed tormentedly.
“Life isn’t always smooth sailing, Dahlia. You should look on the bright side instead. I’m sure you’ll be happier in the future.” Florence sighed.
“Mom, do you know how much it hurt when I said those hurtful things to him? It was like a knife was twisting inside me! I wanted to tell him the truth and that I loved him, but I couldn’t. I’m worried he might get arrested again. Mom, it hurts. It hurts so much!” Dahlia howled, thumping her heart furiously like it would make her feel better.
While she was weeping, her vision suddenly turned black, and she lost consciousness.
###Chapter 303 by Marina Vittori
Even after returning to the medical center, Dustin still felt restless after the heavy blow Dahlia had given him. He never thought that she was the kind of person who would toy with hist emotions for revenge.
They could have ended their relationship on a good note, yet she decided to make them enemies. Dustin just couldn’t understand why. No matter how hard he thought back, he was sure he had never once done anything bad to her.
“Dustin, are you in trouble?” Maximus emerged from the living room and asked. “Let me know if you need my help.”
The past few days of treatment have healed his core. He might not be as strong as before, but he was satisfied with just this.
“Won’t you drink with me?” Dustin fumbled around the cabinets for two bottles of wine. With Gregory around, there was never a shortage of alcohol.
“Sure.” Maximus sat down without a second thought.
The two men began to drink, but no one spoke, so the tension in the air increased.
After a few glasses, Dustin eventually spoke. “How’s your injury?”
“It’s healing great. I’ll be fine in another two days.” Maximus was filled with gratitude. “It’s all thanks to your skills. I’d be doomed if it weren’t for you.”
“You can stop being so formal. It sounds weird. Just talk to me casually.” Dustin topped up their glasses.
“I-I can’t do that. I’ll just keep talking like this.” Maximus grinned sheepishly.
“Do it your way.” Dustin tipped his head back and downed his glass.
“Did you run into relationship problems?” Maximus asked, finishing his glass as well.
“How did you know?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“It’s easy to realize once you’re in the same boat.” Maximus smiled sadly. What could be worse than someone’s fiancée sleeping with their mentor?
“That’s true.” Dustin calmed slightly when he thought of the things the other man had gone through, and he began spilling everything to Maximus, everything since he needed someone to confide in.
“Say, did I marry the wrong person to end up this way?” Dustin smiled sadly.
“I have a different opinion, Dustin.” Maximus paused. “Did you ever think that Ms. Nicholson had no choice?”
“Couldn’t she have told me why?” Dustin shook his head.
She probably would if she could.” Maximus sighed, “You were married to her for three years. You should know her best. Do you think she’s that kind of person?”
Dustin stilled for a second before recovering. “Everyone can change. Just because she wasn’t
before doesn’t mean she won’t be in the future. No one can truly tell what’s going through a woman’s mind.”
“Take it easy, Dustin. Time will prove everything.” Maximus consoled him.
“Let’s stop talking about this. Let’s drink!” Dustin pulled out another two bottles of wine, fully intending to enjoy himself that night.
Just then, a black car pulled up at the entrance, and a man in a suit trudged into the building. “Who is Dustin Rhys?”
###Chapter 304 by Marina Vittori
The man’s arrogant gaze swept the room. “I’m Dustin. May I know why you’re here?” Dustin glanced at the man before continuing to drink.
“I’m a messenger of Boulderthorn’s Royal Valor. We want to challenge you to a duel. You killed Joshua Hummer, our seventh disciple, so something has to be done. My senior will be visiting Swinton to challenge you to a duel to the death!” the man declared haughtily, throwing them a piece of paper.
As a well-known guild, they had to do things publicly, including exacting revenge. They were also going to use this opportunity to show off their power.
“You can take that back. I’m not interested.” Dustin refused without even looking at the paper. “Are you scared?” The other man sneered. “Weren’t you brave when you killed Joshua? Why are you shying away after hearing that my senior is your opponent?”
“As if. I don’t even know who your senior is,” Dustin replied calmly.
“I’ll tell you right now. His name is Tatum Thunders, and his name can be found on The Heavenly Immortals. He’s also one of the eight geniuses of Boulderthorn. His nickname is Fanatic Blade!” The man humphed proudly.
“The Fanatic Blade, Tatum Thunders?” Maximus exclaimed, his expression paled.
As a Boulderthorn disciple himself, he has heard of Tatum before.
Boulderthorn has eight subsidiary guilds-Royal Valor, Quickshields, Forsakenstriders, Shadowfall, Thundersong, Frostlanders, Boneguard, and Killingbane.
Each guild had its respective principal disciple, who were expert martial artists ranking only below the guildmaster. In terms of power and strength, they were even stronger than the second- in-commands of Boulderthorn, and Tatum happened to be the principal disciple of Royal Valor.
Only in his early thirties, the genius has already made his way onto the Heavenly Immortals.
“Fanatic Blade? Never heard of him. He better stay away if he doesn’t want to die.” Dustin couldn’t care less.
“Arrogant fool!” The man humphed. “No one has ever dared to refuse our challenge, you brat. If you refuse to accept the duel, everyone around you will suffer, not just you, so you better think this through.”
“Are you threatening me?” Dustin narrowed his eyes dangerously.
“That’s right! We’ll be waiting for you at Mount Halgue in two days’ time. You’d better be prepared for the consequences if you don’t show up. And don’t even think about running away. We’re watching you. Rather than hiding like a mouse, why don’t you die honorably in a fight instead? At least your pride will be intact, and no innocent people will be hurt. Well, you should think carefully before making your decision. Goodbye.” With that, the man spun around and left.
The man wasn’t worried that Dustin might not accept their challenge since no one had ever gotten away from Boulderthorn.
“We’re in trouble now, Dustin!” Maximus’ expression was grave. “Tatum is no ordinary fighter. He’s a legendary figure who already achieved divinity five years ago. He’s leagues above Joshua Hummer!”
“Really? He sounds strong,” Dustin responded calmly.
“I think you should bring your loved ones and run as far as you can right now, or you’re doomed!” Maximus warned
“Run?” Dustin smiled softly. “He isn’t enough to scare me.”
“Do you have another plan?” Maximus asked curiously.
“There’s always a solution to a problem. Since they’re challenging me first, I should give them a response too.” Dustin smiled coldly.
His mood was already terrible, but now that Tatum was stupid enough to poke an angry bear, Dustin might as well use that man to relieve some anger.
###Chapter 305 by Marina Vittori
Time flew by, and two days passed. News about Tatum challenging Dustin to a duel had spread far and wide, and all the martial artists who caught wind of the challenge came in droves to watch the duel
The challenger was the principal disciple of Royal Valor, Fanatic Blade of the Heavenly Immortals -Tatum Thunders, while the challengee was Dustin Rhys, a dark horse.
Eager to watch their challenge, many people woke up before dawn to get to Mount Halgue, so now, people crowded at the foot of the mountain
“I didn’t know there would be this many people.” Thanking that this was just an ordinary duel, Dustin was surprised by the size of the crowd
“That’s just how Boulderthorn is Anytime a famous disciple challenges someone to a duel, their guild makes sure to promote themselves and show off their strength. It’s an unspoken rule among guilds Maximus was used to the sight
“Really?” Dustin smiled. “In that case, wouldn’t they be embarrassed if they lose?”
“Lose?” The corner of Maximus’ lips twitched This was Tatum Thunders they were talking about. Even among his peers in Boulderthorn, the man rarely had any opponents, so how could he lose? The only reason the guild would make such a bigtuss about this was because they were certain they would win Therefore, they invited multiple witnesses, including the disciples of other guilds, to show off their power
“Dustin, it’s not too late to turn back right now. Are you sure you want to do it?” Maximus asked tentatively.
“Why would we turn back when we’re already halfway there? Let’s go. I want to meet that guy.” Dustin stretched and began to climb the stairs.
Halfway up the mountain, they suddenly heard a fierce battle going on.
Dustin turned and saw a group of people fighting in the dense forest next to the path. More accurately, a bunch of burly men were attacking an old man simultaneously. Despite his white. hair and frail body, the old man was surprisingly agile, his strikes catching his opponents by surprise, so the group of men was having a hard time fighting him.
A young girl stood behind the elderly man
“How dare they attack an old man! I’ll go help them” Maximus rushed forward righteously. Dustin shook his head and followed suit.
“Hey! What are you guys doing?” The young girl immediately stopped them as they approached. The old man is in danger. I’ll help him!” Maximus told her.
It’s fine. Those vermin won’t be able to hurt my grandpa,” the girl refused.
“He’s your grandfather?” Maximus was surprised. “Aren’t you worried he might get hurt?”
The little girl immediately humphed proudly “My grandfather’s Ralph Dunn, the leader of the Steel Legion! There’s no way those vermin are a match for him lust watchi”
Hearing that, Maximus stood back and watched the battle silently.
After exchanging a few more blows, Ralph finally put in more effort and began raining down strikes from his palms on the men. Unable to withstand the attack, the men soon became severely injured and threw up blood.
“Damn it! He’s a beast! Retreat!” the leader hollered, and everyone else immediately rushed after him, not wanting to stay another second.
“Humph! How dare those losers dare to take advantage of me with their pathetic skills!”
###Chapter 306 by Marina Vittori
The old man patted the dust off his body in a poised manner.
“That was a wonderful fight!” The young girl excitedly clapped after Ralph won. She turned to Dustin and Maximus. “See? Isn’t my grandpa amazing?”
“Abby, did you see my palm strikes just now? Those are our guild’s signature moves. You’ll amaze the world when you finally learn it,” Ralph said loudly.
“I’ll work hard to meet your expectations, Grandpa Abby nodded fervently.
“Oh, and they are?” Ralph turned his attention to Dustin and Maximus.
“They’re passersby who were being nosy, but I stopped them in time. With their abilities, they’ll only be a bother,” Abby explained.
“I see.” Ralph gave them a look over. “Treacherous bandits and ferocious beasts always roam this mountain. You two shouldn’t run around carelessly.
“Thanks for the advice. We’ll make a move since you’re safe.” Dustin thanked them and spun around to leave.
“Hold on!” Abby suddenly called out. “You’re here to watch the fight between Tatum and, er, Dustin, right?”
“Yes. Are you guys here for that too?” Dustin asked
“Of course!” Abby lifted her head proudly. “To tell you the truth, Boulderthorn invited many witnesses for today’s duel. My grandpa’s one of them!”
“Witnesses?” Dustin was amused. “Is that really necessary?”
“Of course it is!” Abby rolled her eyes. “I can tell that you’re clueless. Well, any fight between famous martial artists always needs witnesses to ensure the competition’s fairness.”
“I see.” Dustin nodded. It was true that he had no idea about deathmatch rules.
“Both of you young men seem like fine people with strong bodies. I’ll give you a chance to become Steel Legion disciples,” Ralph suddenly said.
“Disciples?” Dustin was caught off guard.
“You two should thank your lucky stars. Being my grandpa’s disciple is a dream many people have. What are you waiting for? Hurry up and thank him!” Abby ordered arrogantly.
“Sorry, but no thanks,” Dustin refused, shaking his head.
“What?” Abby immediately turned angry. “Hey, you should be grateful that Grandpa’s willing to take you in.”
“Young man, you won’t come across this opportunity twice. You should think about it carefully!” Ralph stood proudly with his hands behind his back. “It’s an honor to be my disciple. All I have to do is teach you a few moves, and you’ll become famous.”
Dustin couldn’t help but find their confidence amusing. To think that someone who hasn’t reached divinity yet was trying to take him in as a disciple. Had the requirements for becoming
mentors fallen so low?
“Thank you for your offer, but I’m not interested.” Dustin shook his head once more.
“Insolent fool!” Abby humphed before turning to Maximus. “What about you?”
“I’m not interested either.” He shrugged.
“You’ll regret your decision one day!” Abby fumed.
Her grandfather, the leader of Steel Legion, a well-known martial expert, was gracious enough to offer to take them in, yet they foolishly refused.
###Chapter 307 by Marina Vittori
“Forget it I was just repaying your kindness earlier Since you don’t want to, forget it.” Ralph shook his head pretentiously, giving them a you’ll regret-it-one-day look
Dustin and Maximus exchanged amused glances silently
“Let’s go. Since we’ve run into each other, I might as well escort you two up in case there’s danger again.” Ralph said, walking ahead with his hands clasped behind his back.
“You guys are lucky to be able to walk with my grandpa!” With a humph, Abby glared at them and hurried after Ralph.
Dustin smiled and followed behind them without protest. After all, there was only one way up the mountain
Moving at a brisk pace, the group soon made it to the top At the center of the hilltop was a platform, which was where Dustin and Tatum’s fight was supposed to take place. Many people had already gathered around the platform, most of them martial artists, making things much. livelier
“Mr. Dunn? Nice to meet you.
“I’ve heard so much about you, Mr. Dunn It’s an honor to meet you”
As soon as Ralph appeared, many people came unto greet him. It was clear to see that the Steel Legion was quite famous
“Do you know how powerful my grandpa is now?” Abby goaded. “I bet you regret your decision now Ha, but it’s too late!”
Dustin pretended not to hear her, while Maximus ignored her by turning his head away.
“I heard you’re the witness for today’s match, Mr. Dunn Who do you think will win?” someone asked
“Isn’t it obvious? Fanatic Blade, of course!” Abby chimed in “Tatum is the principal disciple of Royal Valor and someone on the Heavenly Immortals. He’s never lost a fight before.”
“It’s true that he’s strong, but I heard that Dustin Rhys is not someone to underestimate either. Even Joshua Hummer, who had just reached divinity, lost to him,” another person responded. “Why would you compare Tatum to Joshua?” Abby humphed. “One hasn’t even fully reached divinity yet, while the other already did that five years ago. With Tatum’s skills today, how hard can it be for him to defeat a country bumpkin?”
“She’s right. No matter how I look at it, Tatum has a higher winning chance,” Ralph opined, and everyone instantly nodded in agreement.
Ralph was a revered senior martial artist and the witness for today’s duel, so naturally, everyone believed him.
Glancing at the people around him, Dustin shook his head with a smile.
“What are you laughing at? Did Grandpa say anything wrong?” Abby demanded, annoyed.
“Aren’t you guys being too hasty? The battle hasn’t even begun yet.” Dustin smiled.
“Why? Do you think that Dustin might win?” Abby pursed her lips.
“We’ll only know once the batter starts,” Dustin answered.
###Chapter 308 by Marina Vittori
Abby humphed. “Stop pretending when you don’t know anything ” She rolled her eyes. “We’ll know who’s better soon enough!”
“Even if Dustin doesn’t win against Tatum, he’s still a rare genius, so we should still respect him,” the man from earlier said.
“You’re right. Just getting Tatum to challenge him to a duel is a feat of its own. Otherwise, Boulderthorn wouldn’t have wasted so much energy on this.”
“I heard that he’s only around twenty. It’s extremely rare to see someone that age reach divinity. He’s practically a genius!”
“Even if he doesn’t win against Tatum, it will be an honorable defeat.”
Everyone began to chip in their opinions. Although they were sure Dustin would lose to Tatum, they still acknowledged the former’s talents and skills
“I heard that Dustin doesn’t have a quild and is self-taught He’s bound to shine if he enters Ironshade!” one said
Another chuckled. “Ironshade only has around a hundred disciples. A talent like him would be
wasted there”
Someone else agreed, “In terms of size and growth, Highfield is definitely better. I’m sure Dustin. wouldn’t refuse my offer.”
“Hey, are you guys forgetting about Steel Legion?” Abby shouted unhappily. “My guild is obviously the best If Dustin actually wants to pick a guild, he’d clearly choose us!”
Dustin was puzzled. He couldn’t figure out where Abby got her confidence from How could she be so sure when she didn’t even know who he was yet? Worse, Ralph seemed to think the same, judging from his smug expression.
Just as they were talking, a group of Boulderthorn disciples approached them. Leading them were Brody and Oliver Williams.
“My, my. If it isn’t Max.” Brody sneered when he spotted Maximus. “What’s a useless man like you. doing here?”
“That’s none of your business” Maximus retorted coldly.
“We’re peers, Max. Even though you’ve lost all your powers, I won’t push you away. For Caitlyn’s sake, I can help you return to being my father’s disciple if you beg me.” Brody sniggered, wrapping an arm around the delicate woman beside him.
Maximus’ face immediately darkened when he saw who it was. Caitlyn Lawler, his fiancée!
Previously, she had been with his mentor, yet here she was, in Brody’s embrace.
“Oh, right. I forgot to tell you that Caitlyn has agreed to marry me. She’s mine from now on. I hope you don’t mind.” Brody mocked.
“What? Maximus’ eyes widened, his hands clenched into fists. “Is that true, Caitlyn?”
“Don’t blame me, Max. I’m just a weak woman. I need someone to protect me. Now that you’ve lost all your powers, I can only rely on Brody,” Caitlyn answered frankly.
“Why? WHY?” Maximus’ eyes had turned bloodshot. “You said you’d wait for me, and we’d be together forever, so why would you marry him?”
“Are you an idiot, Max?” Caitlyn rolled her eyes. “You don’t think that I truly like you, do you? What I like is power. Power to control others. I only agreed to marry you back then because you were the most talented disciple of us all. Look at you now. Besides getting kicked out, you’ve also lost all your powers. Without any power, what makes you think that you’re worthy of being with me? Was I supposed to suffer with you? Don’t be foolish!”
###Chapter 309 by Marina Vittori
“Brody!” The crowd jumped in shock and anger when Brody was sent flying by Maximus’ punch. Never had they imagined Maximus to wield such power after his core was destroyed.
“H-how dare you hit me?” Brody said spitefully, pressing against his chest, which was throbbing with excruciating pain. The audacity of someone excommunicated, a good-for-nothing to lay a finger on him!
“So what? You should thank the heavens that I didn’t take your life.” Maximus went up and took the hand of the lady in white. He soothed her affectionately, “Caitlyn, don’t you worry. I won’t let anyone bully you when I’m around. I’ll protect you even if I have to risk my life!”
“M-Max, what are you doing?” Her expression fell as she slowly stumbled away from him.
“Caitlyn, I know you’ve been through a lot. I’ll be good to you. Let’s run away, shall we? We can leave Balerno for a place where no one knows us. How does that sound?” He looked at her with anticipation. Although he was no match for Luther, he could elope to a place far from danger and trouble with his lover.
“Max, are you crazy? I’m Luther’s woman now.” Caitlyn frowned at his words.
“I know you were forced into it. You don’t like him at all, do you? Just give me a nod, and I’ll immediately take you with me!” His gentle gaze caressed her face.
“No, I won’t!” She gave her an adamant shake of the head.
“Caitlyn, are you in a difficult situation? Fret not. I will do my best to get you out of any trouble!” Maximus was earnest.
“Let go of me!” She shook off his grip and scolded him, “Max, do you still not get it? I have never loved you at all! Don’t be delusional!”
That caught him by surprise, and his eyes widened in disbelief. “W-what did you say?”
“Max, at this point, I’ll just tell you the truth.” She inhaled deeply and explained without much emotion, “I had only agreed to the engagement because of your status. I need someone to protect me as a defenseless woman in the martial arts field You were my best choice back then.”
“That’s… That’s impossible! You told me you loved me and you’d marry me! Were you lying to me all along when you made those eternal vows?” A hint of resentment and rage crept into his reddened eyes.
“Max, you’re cute.” She shook her head with a scoff. “Haven’t you realized I was only into you because of your influence and potential? You were Maximus Kane, a fighter with great prowess and the most remarkable disciple of our generation. That was why I took a liking to you. But look at you now. You have been excommunicated and even had your powers destroyed by Luther. You’re no different than a pauper, so why do you think you’re a match for me? Did you really believe I’d put up with a life of suffering with you? Dream on!”
That was a huge blow for Maximus, whose face was grim when he heard her cruel confession. He did not expect those remarks from his lover, not even in his wildest dreams. At first, he thought Caitlyn was forced to be with Luther, but it turned out that she willingly went along with it. At the
end of the day, he made a joke out of himself. All his life, he had been focused on achieving excellence in swordsmanship and lived a life free of other desires. The only time he fell for a woman, he ended up in such misery. What a joke!
He slumped on the floor in a daze. In that instance, he seemed to have lost his faith and hope, turning into an empty shell of himself. Faith was the main reason he could rejuvenate his core in record time. And he held on fast to the faith that he would rescue Caitlyn. Now that he had lost it, he appeared disoriented and helpless.
“Fuck you! How dare you punch me? I’ll slash you! Brody cackled when he saw the soulless Maximus and swung his sword at the man.
###Chapter 310 by Marina Vittori
The sword clanked as it moved. Right when it was about to cut Maximus’ neck, a hand reached out and caught it.
“Hm?” Brody lifted his gaze, and his eyes immediately shook in fear. “I-it’s you!” He had been too focused on Maximus to notice the legend standing behind the man.
“Is it worth grieving over a woman who doesn’t deserve it?” Dustin ignored Brody and stared straight at Maximus “If what you want is death, I can grant your wish. I shall forget ever having saved a useless thing as you. But, if you have any bit of ego left in you, as a man, you should stand up straight. You don’t look a bit like a swordsman right now, even though you once said you wanted to be the best swordsman in the world! Wake up!” Then, he gave Maximus a hard slap, sending the latter trembling from the impact. He seemed to have slapped some sense into Maximus, whose eyes had a new sparkle in them.
He noticed Brody’s mean and murderous look, and he took in the look of disgust in Caitlyn’s eyes. Finally, he flashed a rueful smile. “Dustin, you’re right. I shouldn’t grieve and wail over a woman who doesn’t love me. Thank you for that.”
Then, he slowly rose from the ground. He had a determined look after he let go of his obsession. Hid depression and misery had gone, while the internal energy stirred and whirred in the core with signs of a breakthrough.
“Hm?” Dustin raised a brow with surprise. His sharp instinct told him that Maximus would achieve divinity soon!
“What happened?” A few men showed up at that moment, with a middle-aged, clean-shaven man in the lead. The leader seemed harmless and friendly, but his eyes betrayed a wicked quality. The man was, in fact, the second-in-command of Boulderthorn-Luther Williams.
“Dad! You came at the right time!” Brody’s eyes lit up, and he immediately complained to his father. “I met Maximus just now, and he punched me because he was jealous! I’m badly injured- his punch messed up my blood circulation and energy.”
“Oh?” The man squinted and turned his attention to Maximus. “It’s you, the traitor. Why? Did you not learn a lesson from before? Do I have to take your life?”
“And you must be Mr. Williams.” Dustin examined the man and remarked, “You’re well-dressed, but too bad you’re just a filthy animal within.”
“What did you just say?” Luther scrunched up his face, a murderous look in his eyes.
“No, that’s wrong. I’d be too kind to compare you to an animal. A man who sullies the fiancée of his -mentee is worse than an animal.” Dustin did not hold back.
“You jerk! Where did you come from? The audacity to talk to me in that manner!” Luther’s eyes gleamed with evilness. He was never reckless in his moves. Even before a killing, he’d need to look into the background of his victim to avoid future troubles.
Dad! This is Dustin Rhys! He’s ruined our plans many times!” Oliver, who was standing behind his father, finally spoke. He and his sibling, Brody, had been defeated by Dustin multiple times.
“Oh, that was you?” Luther smirked. “I’m amazed by your courage, especially when you are soon to be a dying man.”
“It’s too early to come to a conclusion about that.” Dustin smiled calmly and stared at Maximus. ” Maximus, this is a good chance to take your revenge. Get into the ring and fight this sub-animal being. Beat him and free yourself from your demons!”
###Chapter 311 by Marina Vittori
“Beat me?” Luther was first taken aback by the outrageous idea, followed by a series of explosive laughter. The other Boulderthorn disciples joined in and laughed at Dustin and Maximus as though the two were fools. Maximus might have been a formidable mentor for many of the disciples, but he was nowhere close to Luther’s level.
“Oh, you little jerk. Do you even know what you’re talking about?” Scowling, Luther challenged them, “I was the one who taught everything to that traitor. Even at his peak, he was no match for me! Are you asking him to fight me with a destroyed core after he’s lost all his prowess? And does he have the guts to do so?”
“Right! A trash like him doesn’t deserve the honor of fighting Dad!” Oliver, Brody, and the other disciples scorned at the same time.
Unfazed, Dustin challenged back, “We’ll know after the battle. The most important question is- are you brave enough to take on the challenge?”
“I have nothing to be scared of.” Luther sneered. “If that little traitor loves flirting with death, I shall rid him from my guild today!”
With that, he walked right up to the stone platform Since the actual battle hadn’t started, he didn’t mind warming up the scene.
“Dustin, he was the one who taught me everything I can’t defeat him,” Maximus admitted with a serious expression.
Dustin assured him with a faint smile, “Don’t worry If I said you could, you will. Didn’t he keep the three moves a secret from you? I will teach you those moves and throw in some hacks.”
“Do you practice the Illusory Sword Technique as well?” Maximus looked astonished.
“Well, just a bit. So, are you learning?” Dustin smiled again. He had researched and practiced many branches of martial arts from a young age and was particularly good at sword fighting. The Illusory Sword Technique was one of the variations of a core technique, and with a glance, he could spot any flaws in the moves.
“Yes!” Maximus nodded gravely. The only way for him to rid his internal demons was to defeat Luther Williams, just like Dustin had advised.
“Cool. I’ll teach you now.” Dustin snapped a branch from a tree nearby and started his instructions. Maximus watched on intently, careful not to miss any detail.
“Hahaha! Dustin Rhys, are you kidding me? That’s some last-minute prep. Do you think it’s going –to work?” Brody mocked him.
Oliver chimed in, “Yeah. Do you think teaching him some sloppy moves will save him from a huge defeat? You’re delusional!”
Dustin ignored the heckling from the two guys and taught Maximus six moves in total. The first three moves were the ones that Luther kept from Maximus, and the final three moves were the solution to beat the first three.
T
The moves appeared simple on the surface, but it was difficult to pick them up because the
practitioner would have to be proficient with the technique and build on the foundation. Copying the moves would not work in the battle. Thankfully, Maximus was a genius and a fast learner. After three rounds of practice, he had mastered the essence of the moves.
“You got it?” Dustin came to a stop.
“Yes. Roughly.” Maximus gave him a firm nod.
“That’s good enough. You only need to use these moves well to beat him.” Dustin smiled coolly. Maximus’ capability was not far off from Luther’s, and the only reason leading to his previous defeat was due to Luther teaching him the flawed moves. Now that Maximus was introduced to the complete moves, coupled with the additional hacks, he was ready to take on Luther by himself.
“You there! Why are you dragging your feet? Come up now!” Luther urged Maximus to join him in the ring.
“Go. Vent all your frustrations, and don’t go easy on him.” Dustin patted Maximus on the shoulder. “Thanks, Dustin!” Maximus bowed at him and marched into the ring, carrying his sword on his back.
###Chapter 312 by Marina Vittori
“Bear witness for me-after I kicked this traitor out, he felt vindicated and returned to challenge. me. Since the official battle hasn’t kicked off, I shall do some warmups to entertain you all.”
Luther’s booming voice instantly attracted everyone’s attention. He was keen to set up a precedent to deter any future traitors and rebuild his reputation!
“Hey! Why is your friend up there in the ring?” Ralph, Abby, and the others came up to Dustin with curious and odd expressions.
“He’s getting some personal grudge out of the way” Dustin offered a curt answer.
“Personal grudge?” Abby was a little doubtful. “Do you know who that other guy on the platform is? He’s Mr. Williams from Boulderthorn! Well, of course, he’s not as great as Tatum, but he’s decent! He’s at the same level as Grandpa!”
“And?” Dustin was unimpressed
“How can your friend fight off Mr. Williams with his subpar skills? He’ll be crushed and humiliated!” Abby shook her head.
Ralph nodded. “That’s right. I’d advise you to talk your friend out of the ring. Even I might not be able to fight Mr. Williams, let alone that young man”
“There’s no talking him out of it. The two are destined to fight today. Their fates are in the hands of God,” Dustin answered.
“You should listen to the wisdom of your elders lest you suffer unnecessarily. You’ll see what I mean later.” Ralph clasped his hands behind his back in a manner that suggested he had seen it all, but Dustin merely smiled at the old man.
In the ring on the platform, Luther stared straight at Maximus with a smirk. “You chose the harder path, didn’t you? If death is what you want, I shall grant your wish!”
“Bring it on!” Maximus was cold and fearless.
“Killing you is a piece of cake!” Luther slowly unsheathed the sword, and with a leap, he broke into a run toward his opponent. When he got near Maximus, the sword in his hand started trembling. In a second, the air was filled with illusions of the sword, confusing the eyes of the viewers and making it hard to discern reality from illusion.
“He used the Illusory Sword Technique! That was a surprise. He went ahead with the technique that launched his fame! Seems like he wants this over with.”
“Poor dude! Mr. William’s Illusory Sword Technique is ever-changing and hard to defend against. Not even I could block the moves.”
The crowd murmured and commented.
“Hmph!” With a shake of the body, Maximus unsheathed his sword and held it in one hand. He repeated what Luther did and launched his attack with the same moves.
Soon, the two were in the heat of the battle. The swords and their illusions created a web of flashes. Sparks could be seen flying along with the clanking of metal.
“Hah! I taught you all your moves, and now you’re trying to use them against me! How ridiculous. Now, it is time to give you a taste of the third move you have never mastered!” While speaking, Luther waved his hand to make his sword turn back. The sword was aimed at Maximus’ abdomen. It was the move that Luther had used to destroy Maximus earlier. He was confident that Maximus could not defend against the move, even if it were his second time experiencing it.
They heard the sound of the blade ripping through flesh, and suddenly, the arrogant Luther froze up. When his sword was inches away from Maximus’ abdomen, he finally realized that Maximus’ sword had pierced through his arm, immobilizing his move.
“How is that possible?” Luther’s expression crumbled. He had never expected Maximus to defend against the attack and counterattack by hacking those moves. How could Maximus gain that insight within a mere few days?
###Chapter 313 by Marina Vittori
“Luther Williams, you have gotten slower in sword fighting,” Maximus casually commented.
“No! That’s impossible! How did you manage to strike me? It must have been dumb luck!” Feeling. indignant, Luther turned around and launched his attacks again, even though he was injured. This time, he did not hold back and put in his 100%, evident from his frenzied and merciless attacks that were hard to dodge.
During the ninth move, he switched it up and aimed his blade at Maximus’ throat with the intent to kill. However, Maximus didn’t shun the attack and instead slashed Luther in the abdomen with greater speed and accuracy.
Luther stumbled backward, aghast. He would have been gutted had Maximus’ sword slashed upward. “What’s going on? Where did that punk learn the trick from?” He pressed against his bleeding abdomen in shock. He could not wrap his mind around how Maximus had recovered from the grave injury with significant improvements to his skills all within a few days.
“Luther Williams, it’s my turn to make a move now” Maximus didn’t give his mentor any room to breathe. He swung his sword and charged at his opponent.
Luther hurriedly collected himself and raised his sword in defense. At this point, he lost his confidence and was forced to put on a defensive play due to his injury. In contrast, Maximus was getting stronger by the second and demonstrated great sword-fighting skills, bringing Luther to his knees.
“This is a good chance!” At the twenty-sixth move, Luther suddenly gathered all his internal energy, huffing and puffing as he made his final move in a bid to turn the tables. Just when he was about to gain the upper hand, he found a blade pressing against his neck. If he made the slightest move, he would be killed on the spot.
“Huh?” Baffled, he dropped the sword onto the floor. He still didn’t understand how the three flawed moves he intentionally taught Maximus had, in turn, contributed to his own downfall.
“Why? Why did it turn out this way?” The crowd gasped at the sight of Luther’s defeat. No one had expected to see the second-in-command lose to his mentee in record time. Throughout the battle, Luther seemed to be put at a disadvantage.
“I-impossible!”
“How could Maximus Kane beat Dad? I thought Dad was the one who taught him all the moves.” Brody, Oliver, and the other disciples were covered in cold sweat. They had been proud and confident in Luther’s victory, but they were surprised to witness Maximus’ prowess which sent Luther into a defensive position, and the way Maximus ended the battle with a decisive sword
move.
“Our last-minute prep works.” Dustin looked amused. Upon hearing the remark, Brody and his gang looked shaken to the core. Did Maximus win with the few moves that Dustin had taught him? That would have been frightening!
“W-who did you learn the moves from?” Luther sweated profusely as he pressed against his bleeding abdomen.
“That is not the point. The point is that I will do the same to you based on how you destroyed my core in the past.” While speaking, Maximus drew his sword again.
“Hold on!” Luther pleaded in panic, “Max, I am sorry for what happened earlier, but it was a careless mistake. Please give me another chance.
“A chance? Did you give me a chance when you decided to destroy my core?” Maximus looked
grim.
“Max, I know I’m in the wrong! Please have mercy on me-we shared years of relationship!” Then, Luther fell onto his knees. “I have a lot of enemies If you destroy my core and my skills, I will not survive a day. Please spare me!”
Maximus fell silent at the sight. Despite his urge to seek revenge, a voice in his heart held him back. After all, he had learned everything in sword fighting from Luther, even though Luther had done so with an ulterior motive. At the end of the day, Maximus owed his swordsmanship to Luther’s teachings. Even though Luther was a merciless bastard, Maximus decided to be the bigger man.
###Chapter 314 by Marina Vittori
“Don’t ever show up in front of me!” Maximus kicked Luther aside and proceeded to leave.
“Got it…” Luther put on a fake smile. When Maximus turned his back against Luther, the man had a gleam in his eyes as he picked up the sword on the floor and plunged it into Maximus’ body.
“Look out!” Dustin yelled, and Maximus jumped aside at the final moment. Although Maximus wasn’t critically wounded from the stabbing, the sword left a long, gaping wound that oozed blood
on his waist.
Luther was taken aback when he realized that his ambush failed. Then, he threw the sword away and frantically pleaded, “Max! I’m wrong! I’m definitely in the wrong! I was blinded for a moment just now. Please don’t take it to heart!”
“You stubborn old donkey!” Fuming, Maximus took out his sword and attempted to slash Luther, this time showing no mercy at all.
“Stop!” a thunderous roar sounded out of the blue Next, a majestic figure descended from the air and shielded Luther.
The man, in his thirties, gave off a powerful air, and his eyes twinkled with a sharp and aggressive look. He was as grand as a mountain when he stood in the ring. The man was the so-called ” Fanatic Blade”-Tatum Thunders!
Tatum bellowed when he noticed that Maximus did not stop, “I told you to stop!” He lifted a hand, and the figure of a palm appeared from thin air, punching Maximus in the chest. Almost. immediately, Maximus coughed up a mouthful of blood and was thrown out ten feet away. It was clear that he was no match for Tatum.
“Shit! It’s Tatum Thunders!”
“He’s the ace of Royal Valor indeed! With a punch, the ace, who’s ranked as one of The Heavenly Immortals, has severely injured his opponent.”
“Pretty good of that young man to beat Mr. Williams, Too bad he ran into Tatum Thunders!”
“Tatum lives up to the nickname of Fanatic Blade!
The crowd murmured in shock at Tatum’s presence. From the first move, he demonstrated the awe -striking capability of The Heavenly Immortals, something that The Hundred Immortals could only dream of.
“That’s our Tatum! He’s so cool!” Abby clapped furiously while gaping at the man on the platform with looks of adulation. It was her lifelong dream to be ranked as one of The Heavenly Immortals. Thus, her future partner must be one of them as well.
“Hmph! How dare you hurt your mentor in public! How terribly wicked of you to do so! There’s no point keeping a piece of trash like you in the martial arts field. Today, I shall carry out God’s will!” After giving his self-righteous speech, he hurled a punch at Maximus again with the intent to kill.
“Oh no, that guy’s done for!” Everyone shook their heads sympathetically. Although Maximus was talented and capable, he wasn’t at Tatum’s level. Just when Maximus was close to meeting his fate, a figure hopped onto the platform and fended off the incoming punch.
The winds from the punch died down, replaced by puffs of smoke. Dustin cast an icy glare at Tatum. “Boulderthorn disciples are all the same-shameless.”
“Who are you? How dare you stop me?” Tatum narrowed his eyes, looking hostile.
“I’m the Dustin Rhys that you wish to battle,” Dustin replied.
“What? Is that Dustin Rhys?” The crowd froze in shock. Abby and Ralph gaped at Dustin. They had
no idea that the martial art genius they kept discussing was right beside them all along.
###Chapter 315 by Marina Vittori
“Gosh, who is that kid? He’s quite something to challenge Tatum in public! Is he asking for death?”
“He is gutsy but not the sharpest tool in the shed.”
Dustin’s presence became the talk of the town. No one had expected any martial artist to have a showdown with Tatum at the last minute.
“Hey! Why did you go up there? Are you mad? Get down here now!” After a slight pause, Abby loudly called out to Dustin. In her eyes, he was nothing more than a clueless young man who did not know his place.
“What is that dude doing? Doesn’t he know that he’s up against one of The Heavenly Immortals, Tatum Thunders? He’ll die in Tatum’s hands!” Ralph shook his head forlornly and looked on as though he could predict Dustin’s demise. After all Ralph wasn’t strong enough to take on Tatum, and he did not expect a no-name as young as Dustin to succeed too.
“Hmph! That reckless thing! How dare he insult Tatum? He’ll meet his end!” Brody and the others started cackling with glee. Not only would Tatum tid Boulderthorn of traitors like Maximus, but he would also get Dustin, the thorn in the flesh, out of the way.
“You little jerk! Who are you, and how dare you stand in my way?” Tatum scrunched up his eyes with a menacing look. So far, no one had dared to stop him from taking the lives of his targets.
“Tatum! He’s Dustin Rhys! Slay him!” Brody suddenly yelled at the platform.
“What? Dustin Rhys?” There was an audible gasp from the audience, who had initially taken Dustin to be a show-off, only to realize that he was the martial art genius who had gained fame recently.
“How could that be? He’s Dustin Rhys!” Abby froze up and found it hard to believe that the dark horse she had been talking about was by her side all this time.
“Good gracious! I almost missed the hidden gem!” Ralph was similarly stupefied. If Dustin was capable of defeating Joshua Hummer and confident enough to go for a battle with Tatum Thunders, he must at least be a martial artist who had achieved divinity. Ralph, upon realizing that Dustin must be way more advanced than him in the practice, felt rather embarrassed for offering to take Dustin under his wing.
“Had I known he was Dustin Rhys, I would have gotten on his good side just now!”
“Damn right! We missed our shot!” Ralph’s martial art colleagues were full of regrets upon learning the truth. It was common knowledge that the existence of a martial arts genius would give any guild a major boost, and this was especially true for the relatively small guilds. They’d enter a golden age if they produced a martial arts genius.
“Oh, kid, you’re Dustin Rhys?” Tatum snickered. “You are digging your own grave! As payback for. killing Joshua, you will not be spared today!”
Joshua Hummer said something along those lines as well. But he’s dead now,” Dustin commented without flinching.
“Hah! You’re a bold one! Tatum scrutinized him. “But you’re gravely wrong to compare Joshua
with me! People like you have no idea how scary an individual from The Heavenly Immortals could be!”
“Scary?” Dustin merely scoffed. “More like ludicrous. You thought you were something, but you’re just a frog in the well.”
“What did you just say?” Tatum’s expression hardened. He had never been looked down upon ever since he gained fame.
“I was being kind, describing you as a frog in the well. Turns out you’re just a worm in the apple- rotten and foul!” Dustin didn’t hold back at all, and his insult evoked a collective exclamation from the audience, who didn’t expect him to be so rude and fearless from the start. Everyone shuddered at the thought of provoking Tatum Thunders, as that would be inviting death.
“Oh, great! Look at you, the stubborn one, not knowing you’re close to death. You’ll pee your pants when you’re staring at death!” Tatum, now enraged, hurled a punch in the air that morphed into a translucent shadow.
###Chapter 316 by Marina Vittori
The impact of the punch barreled toward Dustin with the weight of a mountain. A martial artist who achieved divinity could easily decapitate the opponent ten feet away by releasing his or her internal energy.
“He’s indeed one of The Heavenly Immortals! That punch could easily crush a car!”
“That rash young man shouldn’t have provoked Tatum Thunders. Now, he’s cornered.” The martial artists watching from the crowd shuddered when they saw the shadows of Tatum’s punch. In their opinion, the punch was indefensible.
“Hah…” Dustin smiled and tapped his feet on the floor. He disappeared into thin air and dodged the punch with ease.
“You’re quick! But let’s see how many times you could dodge my punches!” Scoffing, Tatum launched three punches, each quicker and stronger than the previous ones. Dustin skipped around speedily but calmly and dodged all the attacks with his freakish skills.
“Fuck! He’s like a slippery eel!” Brody was quite frustrated at the sight. He badly wanted to witness Dustin crushed to death, but Dustin was too agile and swerved out of the way of Tatum’s punches.
Meanwhile, Ralph was clicking his tongue, amazed at the sight. “I did not expect him to show off such talent at his young age.
“So what? He’s just pulling off tricks. If he’s really talented, he wouldn’t have dodged the attacks. At the end of the day, he could not beat Tatum!” Abby pouted unhappily. Even after learning about Dustin’s identity, she still looked down on him. In her opinion, a true man should face the fight. instead of hiding.
“Is this what ‘Fanatic Blade’ has to offer? That’s nothing much.” Dustin shook his head in disappointment, wondering if the standards of The Heavenly Immortals had decreased. A decade ago, only the best of the best was inducted into The Heavenly Immortals.
“You brat! Better not be arrogant!” Tatum’s expression sank. “You think you can show off in front of me with a couple of tricks? I was warming up just now. And now, it’s time to show you the skills gap between us!” Then, he tapped his feet on the floor and threw himself at Dustin. When he was close, he drew his hands in before throwing a heavy punch. Almost immediately, a gale started blowing, and the air was filled with shadows of the forceful punch hurtling toward Dustin.
“I-i-is that Tatum’s signature move that launched him to fame? The Crushing Waves from the Poseidon Punches?”
“That’s right. It’s Crushing Waves, rumored to turn a punch into countless punches. There’s no escape!”
“I guess Tatum must be furious, seeing how he served his signature move. That guy will be dead today.
The other martial artists stared at the punches in the air with horrified faces. Even from afar, they felt the force and tension that could easily rip them apart.
“Dustin Rhys! Time to die!” Brody chortled with malign and glee.
“That’s a pity. He cannot escape his fate.” Ralph let out a soft sigh filled with regret.
“Didn’t we tell him to stay low profile? He refused to listen and offended Tatum. No one can save him now!” Abby shook her head and braced herself for Dustin’s imminent death.
“These are just bells and whistles!” Dustin snickered and crushed the punches in the air with a slap, and the momentum of the counterattack hit Tatum hard in the face. Everyone heard an explosive sound. Tatum was seen flying and crashing flat onto the ground like a loose kite. The hall plunged into dead silence.
###Chapter 317 by Marina Vittori
An eerie silence hung over the scene. The spectators were wide-eyed at the sight of Tatum’s lifeless body on the ground. They struggled to make sense of the outcome, as it was totally out of their expectations.
They had assumed that Dustin would be defeated when Tatum used his signature attack. To their shock, Dustin sent Tatum flying with a slap. It was a sight that no one would have believed unless they saw it for themselves. They could not help but wonder about the reason behind the Fanatic Blade’s shameful loss. Was it a momentary slip-up, or was Dustin simply too powerful?
“Heavens! Did I see it wrong? Was Tatum… defeated?”
“A sight that was unseen and unheard of!”
After moments of utter silence, the audience exploded in a raucous chatter, punctuated by exclamations and expressions of shock, astonishment, confusion, and disbelief. No one had expected that the Fanatic Blade, one of the Heavenly Immortals, had been taken down by Dustin. “T-that’s impossible. How did that little rascal beat Tatum? He must have pulled off some fishy tricks!” Brody shook his head furiously, refusing to believe in the outcome. Meanwhile, Luther frowned grimly. “He’s really a freak.”
On the other hand, Abby and the others were too stunned beyond speech at the result. “This can’t be right! Is Tatum defeated?”
“Is that Dustin’s real capability? He’s really extraordinary!” Maximus looked on with admiration.. No one else could send the Fanatic Blade flying across the air.
“Aagh!” At that moment, Tatum suddenly let out a feral roar, and his body shot up from the ground. In stark contrast to his confidence and arrogance from before, he was transformed into a wild beast that was provoked.
“Oh! He woke up! He’s indeed one of the Heavenly Immortals-” Dustin was surprised by Tatum’s comeback. Even martial artists who achieved divinity would fall unconscious for half a day after Dustin’s slap.
“You jerk! You’re done for! I’ll tear you into pieces today!” Tatum bellowed, his eyes looking angry and crazed. As the ace of the Royal Valor and a formidable martial artist ranked as a Heavenly Immortal, he had never experienced this degree of humiliation. Imagine getting slapped and collapsing onto the ground in front of countless pairs of eyes!
“Someone get me my brass ring saber!” He turned around and yelled. Almost immediately, two men showed up carrying a weapon that was five feet long. It was heavy, thick, and wide, too difficult to be lifted by the average martial artist, not to mention waving it around.
“Great! Tatum is finally getting serious!” Brody had a look of joy on his face as he felt calmer. There was a reason Tatum received the nickname Fanatic Blade. Tatum had two signature techniques, the first being Poseidon Punches, which was good for offensive and defensive play, and it was unpredictable as well. His second technique was the Blade of Gale!
Rumors had it that once put in action, the Blade of Gale would render an area barren. In comparison to the punches, the Blade of Gale was more aggressive and ruthless, like a gust of
strong wind that blasted away all the leaves in its path, powerful and unstoppable!
“He should have used the blade from the start. A predator still needs to give it its all, even if it’s going after small prey.” Luther sighed in relief, knowing that having the blade made a world of
difference for Tatum.
“I almost forgot that Tatum is the best in his blade technique. Dustin is in trouble now.” Ralph narrowed his eyes and seemed pensive.
“Hmph! Tatum must have lost the round earlier because he was careless. Now that he’s getting serious, he can take down ten Dustin Rhys!” Abby tossed her head back as though she had regained her confidence again.
“Fuck! He agreed to a bare-handed fight, but he decided to get his blade all of a sudden. He’s shameless!”
###Chapter 318 by Marina Vittori
“You rarely see a decent man who’s from Boulderthorn. They’re all bullies.”
“That’s a pity. I wonder if Dustin could survive this Some martial artists started worrying about Dustin’s fate. As the grassroots, they would rather Dustin win the battle. Given how conceited and bold they were, it would be great if someone could teach Boulderthorn a lesson. However, it was a tough feat to beat Tatum due to his killer technique -the Blade of Gale.
“You little rascal, I have to admit that you’re quite something. You’ve forced me to use the blade. Alas, this shall be the end of it. Dying under my blade today shall be an honor for you.” Tatum waved the brass ring saber with a sharp look in his eyes. He handled the heavy weapon weighing hundreds of pounds like it was a strand of straw, showing off the strength of his bicep.
“Just cut to the chase and come at me.” Dustin wiggled his fingers, a provocative gesture to get Tatum to start the fight.
“You’re asking for it!” The look in Tatum’s eyes hardened as he charged at Dustin with the saber in hand. The lengthy and cumbersome brass ring saber left a mark as it was dragged across the ground, leaving sparks flying from the friction.
“The Three Tornadoes!” When Tatum was close, he bellowed and started wielding the saber frenziedly. The shadows of the fast-moving saber formed the illusion of a web in the air as the weapon crushed toward Dustin’s head. The audience struggled to breathe due to the horrific and stifling pressure from the impact.
“The Three Tornadoes technique is famous for a reason!”
“Even demons would get out of the way when it’s used. That rascal is going to die!” the martial artists exclaimed at the sight of the atrocious attack. Still, Dustin stood his ground without moving. He waited until the saber was about to split on his hand and reached out to grab the blade.
Amid an explosion, Dustin activated all his internal energy, crushing the web of blades in the air. The illusion of the blades scattered away in the wind. Meanwhile, Tatum’s saber was stuck in Dustin’s tight grip.
“How is that possible?” Tatum’s pupils wavered as he wore a terrified expression. He had never expected Dustin to grab the saber he slashed at full strength. He thought, “Who the fuck is this monster?”
“Is that all you’ve got? That’s disappointing.” Dustin shook his head and added, “Since you have nothing more to show, I’ll end it here.” Then, he gave Tatum a kick in the abdomen.
“Ahhh-” Tatum yelped in excruciating pain as he was sent flying a good 30 feet away. When he landed on his knees, he started coughing up blood
Once again, the audience was left gaping at the scene. They had expected Tatum to regain the upper hand with the use of the saber, but he was badly defeated anyway. It left everyone wondering about Dustin’s background.
“H-how could you destroy my core?” Face flushed, Tatum was both appalled and enraged.
“You were trying to kill me. Why couldn’t I destroy your core?” Dustin replied coolly. “Bring a message to your mentor later-do not cause trouble for me. Else, I’d uproot the entirety of Royal Valor!”
The audience gasped and murmured at the daring threat, thinking that Dustin was crazy for threatening to ruin the Royal Valor.
“Fine! Just wait and see!” Tatum clenched his jaw and left the scene with his men, tails between their legs.
“How did that happen?” Abby was stunned by the sight of Tatum’s disgraced escape. She couldn’t believe that her idol had been defeated just like that at the hands of a man she looked down on. She thought, “God, are you playing a joke on me?”
###Chapter 319 by Marina Vittori
The audience was split in their reactions toward Dustin’s victory. Cheers exploded around Dustin, but some spectators seemed sour at the outcome.
“Fuck! Who’s that guy? How could Tatum lose to him?” a surly and fearful Brody hissed.
“Whoever he is, let’s get out of here before he notices us!” After the initial shock, Luther dared not stay a minute longer and planned his immediate escape.
“Stand still!” Dustin turned around and instantly spotted the few suspicious-looking men. “Luther Williams, did I tell you to leave?”
“Dustin Rhys, I’m the second-in-command at Boulderthorn. You’d better steer clear of me!” Luther warned him with a stern look. At the critical moment, he had no choice but to use the
Boulderthorn name as protection.
“The second-in-command? Hah…” Dustin scoffed and remarked, “Do you think I’d be scared of the second-in-command when I couldn’t care less about the guildmaster?”
“What do you want?” Luther’s expression sank.
“Give up your practice, and I’ll spare your life,” Dustin suggested calmly. He had to teach Luther a grave lesson for being a hypocrite who self-professed as a teacher and claimed the moral high ground.
“Dustin Rhys, that’s too much!” Luther’s face was scrunched up. If he gave up his practice, he would have no purpose and reason to exist in the martial arts field.
“Too much? Did you ever consider the consequences when you were fucking around without conscience?” Dustin showed no respect for the old man.
“You” Luther gritted his teeth and tried to hold back his temper. “You shouldn’t burn your bridges. Aren’t you worried you’d become a common enemy of our field if you force me to the wall?
“Courtesy is useless when confronting trash like you. If you aren’t doing it yourself, I will do it for you.” Dustin refused to engage in further conversation and bent his fingers to send a silver needle into Luther’s abdomen. Luther promptly yelped and collapsed onto the ground, grimacing.
“Maximus, I’m done destroying his core. I’ll leave his fate in your hands.” When it came to ending Luther, Dustin allowed Maximus to make the decision. After all, Maximus was the one who had a grudge against Luther.
“It’s fine. Since he’s basically paralyzed, I shall spare his life.” At first, Maximus lifted his sword, but he finally put it down after some thinking. He wasn’t doing so out of mercy. He knew very well that Luther had made countless enemies and would be a hot target after his core was destroyed. In the future, Luther’s life would be a living hell, and that was the best punishment for him.
“Consider yourselves lucky. Get lost now!” Dustin softly chided the Boulderthorn men. Upon hearing that, Luther and the rest immediately scampered away, leaving behind only the lady in white.
“Max Caitlyn went up to Maximus with a feeble look on her face. “I’m sorry, I said those cruel
words because I was under pressure. Please forgive me.”
At present, Maximus was stronger than Luther and had a bright future ahead of him. It was clear who she should suck up to.
“Forgive you?” Maximus snickered. “How dare you ask for forgiveness after what you’ve done?”
“Max, I know I’m in the wrong, but I had no choice. It’s hard for a weak woman like me to stand on my own feet in the martial arts field. Plus, Luther has gotten something on me. I couldn’t fight back. I am a victim too…” Her voice faltered and turned into a sob.
The way she cried softly would melt the heart of anyone watching, but Maximus said to her coldly, “Don’t put on a show in front of me. That’ll only disgust me.”
“Whether or not you believe in me, I do love you a lot. I’m willing to run away with you and live like nomads!” she pleaded, tears glistening in her eyes.
“Did you say you love me?” He sneered. “Would you have said that if my core was destroyed? Would you have apologized if I hadn’t defeated Luther Williams? You do not love me for who I am- you’re only after my power, my potential, and my social status!”
“I…”
“That’s enough. I do not want to hear any explanation. From now on, you and I shall go separate ways. There’s nothing left between us!” He wore a steely expression.
“Max, I know I don’t deserve you, but I’ll still pray for you. When you’re alone in the night, I hope you think of me, your mentee, and the beautiful memories we made in the past. I’ll leave now and never show up in front of you. I wish you a great career ahead…” With that, she left with tears in her eyes
He opened his mouth but said nothing. He felt both love and hatred for Caitlyn, and he knew very well that they could never get back together. Once bitten, twice shy!
“Let’s go. Time to drink.” After settling the trouble, Dustin and Maximus left in no time. The battle started abruptly and ended in a similar fashion. Through this incident, Dustin’s popularity skyrocketed, and he was known as a martial arts genius. Many believed that the martial arts field in Balerno would be shaken up with the arrival of Dustin Rhys after this battle.
“Mr. Dunn, if I recall correctly, Dustin Rhys came here with you, right? Does that mean you have laid claim to him?” a middle-aged martial artist from the crowd threw out a question.
“Well…” Ralph felt the eyes on him and forced a smile. “Since you found out about it, I shall not keep it a secret. To be honest with you, Dustin Rhys has become the principal disciple of the Steel Legion!”
His claim prompted a collective gasp.
“What? Has Dustin Rhys joined the Steel Legion?”
“My goodness! Mr. Dunn, you hit the jackpot!”
“Mr. Dunn, you hide your talents well. How did you manage to scout a genius like him? We’re envious!”
Congratulations, Mr. Dunn. Do remember me if you have anything good to share with the community.”
The martial artists started flattering Ralph and currying favor, especially the hot-blooded teens
who were itching to join.
“Mr. Dunn, do you still take in disciples? I want to join the Steel Legion!”
“Me too! Count me in!”
“The Steel Legion must have a solid foundation to nurture a genius like Dustin Rhys. I want in too!”
The young martial artists around them were a bubbling cacophony; each worried they’d be one step behind
“That is always open to consideration. The Steel Legion always welcomes upstanding men who fight for justice!” Ralph was beaming merrily at the enthusiastic response. He was taken aback by the effectiveness of name-dropping Dustin, which immediately garnered the interest of many young martial artists. If the trend continued, he believed the Steel Legion would prosper under his wise and courageous leadership!
“Uh…” Abby had a funny look on her face when she witnessed the crowd’s eagerness. Her grandpa’s brazenness came as a surprise-he wanted to associate the guild with Dustin, even though Dustin had clearly turned him down. She wondered, “Is this what they call the ‘real world’?
###Chapter 320 by Marina Vittori
It was noon. At the clubhouse of the Hummer’s residence, Edwin Hummer was struck on the head with a wine bottle. Blood trickled down his body, along with the merlot.
“Hummer! I was screwed because of you!” Tatum sat on the couch; his features contorted in anger. “Didn’t you say that Dustin Rhys was a nobody? Why was he that powerful? Did you lie to me on. purpose?”
At his mentor’s request, Tatum had shown up to avenge Joshua Hummer. In the beginning, he thought he could show off his talent, but he was badly defeated in the end. Not only that, his core was destroyed. He had all the reason to be mad.
“Sir Thunders, in my records, Dustin Rhys did not come from a remarkable background. It wasn’t wrong to describe him as a nobody. As for his actual abilities, I recall giving you a heads up, but you didn’t take it seriously,” Edwin murmured with his head hung low.
“Are you blaming me for being weak?” Tatum glowered at him. If he weren’t hurt, he would have taught Edwin a lesson.
“In my opinion, it is unnecessary to issue a public challenge to men like Dustin Rhys. You can use whatever means to get him killed,” Edwin further explained.
“Oh, are you fucking teaching me how to get things done now? Tatum’s expression darkened, his eyes gleaming with hostility.
“Of course not.” Edwin lowered his head.
“I have no time for you!” Tatum looked irritated. “Didn’t you get Substratumis from Dr. Linden Watkins? Give it to me now. I need it for my injuries”
Substratumis, the core restoration pill, was created to heal internal injuries. It was rather effective in restoring one’s core. As long as the patient took it within 24 hours, they would stand a chance to regenerate their core. However, due to the preciousness of the ingredients, the Stoneray Valley only produced a few pills annually. Each batch of pills would be scooped up by members of various guilds upon hitting the market. Thankfully, Edwin had spent a fortune on one of those pills, just in time for Tatum to use it.
“Sir Thunders, I accidentally crushed the pill. So, I can’t help you. I’m sorry.” Edwin shook his head regrettably.
“You crushed the pill?” Tatum’s eyes narrowed, and he snickered. “Are you kidding me? Any sane person would take great care of that precious pill. How could you have crushed it? Your son’s dead anyway, so you can’t use it on him. Who else except for me will need your pill?”
“Sir Thunders, I am telling you the truth.” Edwin appeared serious.
“Oh, shut up! If you don’t hand me the restorative pill today, I’ll crush your legs!” Tatum threatened him spitefully.
Edwin stared at Tatum with his cold but bright eyes. “But, Sir Thunders, I wonder how you are going to do that, given that your core has been destroyed.”
“Hah! I might not have any bit of internal energy left, but killing a man like you is child’s play!”
Tatum was conceited.
“Is that so?” Edwin chuckled icily and brandished a gun from his back without warning. He pointed it at Tatum. “Can a man without internal energy defend himself from bullets?”
“Hmm?” Tatum’s expression hardened. “How dare you point a gun at me, you son of a bitch. Do you know who I am? Put the gun down and cut your hands in front of me. If not, I’ll…”
Edwin suddenly pulled the trigger before Tatum could finish his sentence. Following a loud bang, the bullet shot Tatum in the forehead, leaving a splattered mess of blood on the wall.
Tatum grunted, his body trembling and his eyes wide-opened in disbelief. He’d never believe that Edwin would pull the trigger on him, and a fatal, point-blank shot at that.
Finally, Tatum’s body slumped heavily onto the floor, his eyes remaining open as he drew his last breath.
“Huh?” Fletcher Lawson, who had been standing by the side, appeared mortified at the scene. “S- Sir Hummer, what are you doing? Tatum Thunders is Sir Lincoln’s principal disciple. How are we going to explain this to Sir Lincoln?” He secretly thought Edwin had gone mad for having the guts to murder Tatum.
“Yeah, I killed him. Why do I need to explain that? Edwin took out a handkerchief and calmly wiped the spot of his head injury from the wine bottle attack.
“If Sir Lincoln learns about this, he will not let this slip!” Fletcher was panicking as he pictured the guildmaster of Boulderthorn, halfway to becoming a grandmaster. The man was powerful enough to massacre the entire Hummer Family!
“If we don’t tell, no one will know,” Edwin muttered emotionlessly.
“But Tatum died on our territory. How can we hide the fact?” Fletcher was drenched in cold sweat by now.
“You don’t have to panic. Just remember-none of us met Tatum Thunders today. He suffered a sudden death in his home after the battle with Dustin. We shall leave Boulderthorn to figure out the murderer, and we have no clue about it at all. Got it?” Edwin tilted his head, his eyes shimmering with a cold gaze.
“Sir Hummer, are you telling me to… shift the blame to Dustin Rhys?” It didn’t take Fletcher long to piece the puzzle.
“It was Dustin Rhys’ doing all along. When did we shift the blame to him?” Edwin questioned.
“Oh, right! It’s all Dustin Rhys’ fault!” Fletcher nodded furiously. At that point, he finally caught a glimpse of the depths of Edwin’s dark soul. Edwin had decided to kill a top ace like Tatum without blinking an eye. The mere thought of it was mind-numbing.
At the Boulderthorn branch in Millsburg, Clement Lincoln sat on the throne, his expression darkening when Tatum Thunders’ body was brought back. As the guildmaster of Boulderthorn who had extensive experience in the field, he never had anyone offending him in this manner. “Who was it? Who did this?” He gritted his teeth as his eyes bulged.
Sir Lincoln, it was Dustin Rhys!” Luther started fanning the flames. “Dustin Rhys pulled dirty
tricks in the battle and destroyed Tatum’s core. Tatum was assassinated right after that!”
“Dustin Rhys! It’s him again!” Clement banged his fists on the table out of rage, and the wooden table instantly cracked and split into pieces. First, it was Joshua Hummer. Now, it was Tatum. Clement had lost two beloved disciples, one of whom was his heir. It was tough not to feel anger and hatred at the culprit.
“Sir Lincoln, Dustin Rhys is sly and ruthless. He has a lot of tricks up his sleeve. If we don’t get rid of him in time, he might be a pain in the ass in the future!” Luther added fuel to the fire.
“Send out my orders-The Royal Valor of Boulder thorn is looking to arrest Dustin Rhys!” Clement said with grief. “I’ll use all necessary means and make any sacrifices to tear him into pieces!”
“Yes, sir!” His disciples bowed and took his orders The Royal Valor was shaken from the orders, and its aces were called back from all corners of the world for the quest. At that moment, Dustin Rhys was the most-wanted man on the Royal Valor’s blacklist.
###Chapter 321 by Marina Vittori
In the evening, Dustin was focused on drug research at the Peaceful Medical Centre when a silver Bentley rolled to a stop at the entrance. The door opened, and Natasha, dressed in a bodycon silver dress, strutted out, her hips swaying alluringly as she walked. “Dear, I’m here…” She entered the medical center with a sweet smile and took Dustin by his arm. “Let’s go! I’ll bring you out to have a nice dinner tonight!”
“A nice dinner? Where to?” He was, curious, but she dragged him into her car without further explanation. “You’ll know when we’re there.”
The car cruised at a steady speed down the streets. Forty minutes later, it parked in front of the entrance of a high-end recreational club. “Ms. Harmon, you’re here! Please come with me,” one of
the ushers led the way as the other ushers lined up and bowed to the guests.
They shuffled up to the restaurant on the second floor and made their way to a spacious private lounge, where a couple of young men and women had congregated. They were dressed to the nines and acted gracefully. One could tell that they were no ordinary folks.
“Natasha, you’re finally here! I thought we’d be stood up again because you’re too busy!” A woman in a crimson dress stood up to greet Natasha and Dustin. She was lovely and tall, and her bodycon long dress hugged her curves at the perfect places, showing off her voluptuous figure to everyone.
“Zoey, I will never stand you up. We don’t get to meet up often as old schoolmates. We definitely need to catch up in this rare gathering.” Natasha beamed at the woman named Zoey.
“Natasha, is this your boyfriend?” Zoey scanned Dustin from head to toe with curiosity. She decided that he was good-looking but dressed rather shabbily. He didn’t look like he was from a wealthy family.
“That’s correct. I’ll introduce you to each other. This is my man, Dustin Rhys.” Smiling, Natasha introduced her friends to Dustin as well, “Dear, these are my schoolmates. This gorgeous woman here with big tits and a big ass is Zoey Forster. This is Lyla Benson, with short hair and dimples. Oh, and this is a mega star in Dragonmarsh, queen of entertainment-Adriana Lovett. These two guys are Zeke Perry and Gordon Flynn.”
“Hello, nice to meet you.” Dustin flashed them a dignified smile. One had to admit that birds of a feather do flock together. Natasha was attractive, and so were her friends. Adriana stood out especially, and she rivaled Natasha in terms of appearance. It was no surprise that she was crowned the queen of entertainment.
“Natasha, your boyfriend doesn’t look familiar. I wonder what he is working as,” the man named Zeke Perry inquired.
“Oh, my man is a doctor.” Natasha looked proud, but her friends were baffled. “He’s a doctor?” They thought it was ridiculous that Natasha, the precious daughter of the Harmon Family, was dating a doctor.
So, Natasha, is Mr. Rhys an alumnus of Harvard Medical School or Stanford Medicine?” Zeke pressed on. In their eyes, only the best could date Natasha.
“No.” Dustin shook his head. Zeke asked, “Oh! May I know which medical school you graduated from? And where are you practicing now?”
“I did not attend university. I’m now running a humble medical center,” Dustin did not shun the topic.
“A medical center? Are you kidding us?”
###Chapter 322 by Marina Vittori
Zeke’s jaw dropped to the floor. Not only was Dustin not an alumnus of a prestigious institution. but he also did not attend university Was he even a good match for Natasha?
“Natasha, what’s going on? You didn’t drag a random man here just to shut us up, did you?” Zoey was displeased, for she believed that a doctor from an ordinary medical center wasn’t worthy of
sharing a dinner table with their group
“Stop acting funny Dustin is an expert in medicine and martial arts You’ll know soon.” Natasha puffed her chest with a smile.
“Natasha, I’m sorry, but you’d be better off dating me if you were giving this doctor a chance,” Gordon finally spoke up half-jokingly He had once pursued Natasha but was turned down. Now that Natasha got her eyes on an ordinary doctor, he started to think he had a chance because he felt that he was way better than Dustin. After all, the Flynn family was one of the elites in Balerno.
“Right, Natasha, I think Gordon’s pretty decent He stayed single just to wait for you. Why don’t you. consider him?” Zoey winked at Natasha and started matchmaking
“Gordon? Nah, he’s not my type,” Natasha shot down the suggestion.
“Natasha, now, you’re being harsh Gordon graduated from a prestigious university He runs a company worth billions Isn’t he a stronger candidate than a doctor? Zoey analyzed
“Gordon’s life is none of my business My boyfriend is Dustin Please do not joke about this topic” Natasha frowned a little, clearly crossed. “Plus, if you are talking about an excellent candidate, Dustin is the best for me Even a hundred Gordons Ean’t beat a single Dustin Rhys ”
The expression on the faces of Natasha’s friends froze, none expected that remark from Natasha Haimon, and they wondered if Natasha, the Steel Lady, was just like the average woman blinded, by love
“Hmph’ I’m not a big shot, but I rake in billions annually. If this gentleman here is a hundred times better than I am, does that mean he is making hundreds of billions per year?” Gordon started acting funny. He was obviously unsatisfied with Natasha’s comparison.
“The money you earn doesn’t mean a thing Even if Dustin is dirt poor, I will still love him. Do you get it now?” Natasha schooled her friends coldly
“Hah! So, he’s a sugar baby Gordon snorted with disdain, and the other friends joined him to look down on Dustin.
“Gordon Flynn, watch your mouth! If you’re not hungry, perhaps you should see yourself out!” Natasha’s expression hardened.
“Alright, alright Natasha, we’re all old schoolmates here. They’re only pulling your leg. Just relax. Come here. Take a seat, everyone,” Zoey hurriedly played the mediator when she realized the situation was rapidly deteriorating.
Gordon didn’t say a word after that, but he shot a venomous look at Dustin.
After they took their seats, they started chatting and eating harmoniously. However, they gave Dustin the cold shoulder due to his low social status. Still, he was unconcerned by the treatment
Chapter 322
and enjoyed his drinks and food as though he wasn’t part of the group.
In the middle of the conversations, the door to the private lounge flung open. A middle-aged man. with a beer belly marched in with two bodyguards in tow. Adriana, who had been rather quiet, suddenly seemed frantic when she noticed the intruders.
“Ms. Lovett, why didn’t you pick up our calls? Do you think we couldn’t hunt you down if you hid in a small town?” The middle-aged man flashed a menacing grin.
“My contract with the company is annulled! Stop harassing me!” Adriana warned them.
The man scoffed. “Hah! Is that for you to decide? What do you take our boss for? The company invested money and effort to launch you to fame. Now that you’re established, you plan to go solo! You’re taking advantage of us, don’t you think?”
“I’ve paid you back the money I made over these years! What more do you want?” Her face fell.
“Hmph! That tiny amount of money isn’t worth a thing! Our boss is interested in you as a product. As long as you’re with the agency, you’ll bring in dough constantly. You must know that, don’t you?” The man chuckled.
“I will not go with you! Just give up!” Adriana appeared adamant, but the man snickered and said, ” That’s not for you to decide too. Guys, take her!”
###Chapter 323 by Marina Vittori
“Guys! Take her!” Under the man’s orders, the two bodyguards stepped forward, ready to act.
“Hold on!” Zeke stood up suddenly and hissed, “Adriana is my schoolmate. I don’t care who you are. You need to get the fuck out right now, or I won’t go easy on you!”
“That’s right! The audacity to take her in our presence!” Gordon slammed the table with ant imposing air. Adriana was a rising star, crowned the queen of entertainment, and she rivaled Natasha in the looks department Of course, the guys would not give up on the opportunity to save the damsel in distress.
“Sir, this has nothing to do with you Stay out of it” the middle-aged man warned the guys icily.
“Hmph! We see it as our business! Get out of here if you don’t want to die!” Zeke bellowed at them..
“Throw these jerks out!” the middle-aged man roared, and the two bodyguards went to work. Seeing that, Zeke and Gordon confidently took on one bodyguard each. Zeke’s style was more of a street gangster’s-he ruthlessly hit the bodyguard on the head with a beer bottle. Meanwhile, Gordon showed off his martial arts skills from his past practice, looking majestic in action. With their teamwork, they managed to take down the two bodyguards in no time.
“Who are you? And why did you poke your nose in others’ business?” The middle-aged man had a frosty look on his face.
“Listen up-I’m Zeke Perry, from the Perry family!”
“And I am Gordon Flynn. If you have any grudges, you should come at us instead of harassing a woman That’s cowardice.” The two men were beaming after showing off their heroism in front of the pretty ladies. It felt good.
“Okay! I have your faces in my mind! Just wait for it!” The middle-aged man shot them a deadly glare and left.
“Hmph! Run any slower, and I’ll break your leg!” Zeke waved his beer bottle wildly.
“Clowns! How dare they make a scene in front of us! Gordon seemed arrogant.
Zoey’s eyes sparkled with admiration. “I never knew you guys were that great at fighting! It was eye-opening!”
“Hah, that was nothing! Back in the day, Gordon and I took down ten guys in the bar!” Zeke proudly reminisced.
She beamed at him. “Is that so? That’s amazing!”
“Zeke, Gordon, thank you so much.” Adriana was grateful to them. She had gone to tiny Balerno from Stonia to run from the trouble, but they hunted her down anyway. She couldn’t picture the outcome if she were caught and dragged away.
“Adriana, we’re all schoolmates. Just relax when you’re with us. If you come across any trouble, just come to us, and we’ll take care of it for you!” Zeke thumped his chest and promised her.
Natasha was rather curious. “Adriana, who did you get into trouble with, to the point that you had to run all the way to Balerno from Stonia?”
“I got into trouble with the boss of the entertainment agency,” Adriana replied with a sigh. “When I was younger, I had a dream to be a star and signed a contract with an agency without much thinking. Since then, I’ve become their money tree They worked me all year long without off days. I didn’t mind working hard, but after I achieved some fame, the bosses started arranging for me to attend dinners and parties. I was made to entertain the government officials and business magnates.”
She added, “At first, they wanted me to drink at the parties. Later, they wanted me to sleep with some of the men. There was no way I’d agree with that, so I kept saying no. They tried a lot of methods on me, offering me money and threatening me. I couldn’t take it anymore and paid a huge penalty to nullify the contract. But they still refuse to let me go!” She was close to tears at this point. The public only saw the attractive lifestyle of a star, not knowing that she had suffered a lot in this line of work. The queen of entertainment was nothing more than an empty title. The industry was more complicated than most people imagined it to be.
###Chapter 324 by Marina Vittori
Had it not been for her seniors’ protection, Adriana believed she would have fallen into the abyss.
“How dare these bastards force you into such filthy deals? That’s shameless!” Zeke was indignant after hearing her account.
“Hmph! They’re just an entertainment agency. How dare they do that to you? Do they think they are above the law?” Gordon fumed and promised, “Adriana, do not worry. We will see this through. No matter who your boss is, we won’t go easy on him!”
“That’s right! We will surely avenge you!” the others chimed in, looking as though they were ready for a battle.
“Thank you.” Tears of gratitude streamed down Adriana’s face.
“By the way, Adriana, what’s the name of your boss?” Natasha suddenly asked.
“I only know that Langford is his last name. I don’t know anything else,” Adriana answered.
“Langford?” The friends exchanged glances, and after connecting the dots, they appeared terrified. “That can’t be it! Is he from the Langford family of Glenstead?”
The aristocrats of Stonia were at a different level than those from Balerno-the elites that established themselves in the royal city came from lineages that spanned centuries. Natasha and her friends believed they’d be in great trouble if the boss of the entertainment agency were truly from the Langford family of Glenstead.
“Adriana, what’s the name of your agency?” Natasha cautiously prodded.
Adriana answered, “It’s called Langford Productions
Everyone paled at the mention of the agency’s name. Langford Productions was the entertainment agency under Langford Inc.! It was no surprise that the men from the agency would come for Adriana in Balerno all the way from Stonia-the Langford family was the mastermind behind it all.
“What’s wrong?” Adriana quickly sensed that something was off. She had no clue about the man behind Langford Productions, but she was aware of the agency’s huge influence.
“Adriana, you might have run into trouble. The boss of Langford Productions isn’t your average millionaire.” Natasha put on a grim expression.
Only Zoey looked unbothered. “Natasha, stop scaring her. We aren’t afraid of the boss of a random entertainment agency when we have Zeke and Gordon backing us!”
Zeke and Gordon exchanged looks, intimidated because they knew the Langford family was untouchable.
“Friends, shall we head to the next place to have fun since we’re done with dinner?” Zeke suddenly threw a suggestion out of fear that the Langfords might come after them.
Gordon agreed, “Right! It’s quite boring here. Let’s go to the bar!”
“Sure. No one ed to that, and they started gathering their stuff before leaving. At that moment, they heard a commotion at the door. Next, the middle-aged men who had left earlier barged into the place with reinforcements.
“Leave? Where are you leaving?”
“How dare you go against our boss? None of you shall leave here!”
“Get every single one of them. Circle them now!” Under the orders, a group of bodyguards closed in on Natasha and her friends. The ladies were scared when they saw the threatening scowl on the bodyguards’ faces.
“Sir, I am Zeke Perry. Please show us some mercy and call the guards off.” Zeke bit the bullet and handed the man a check. “Here’s a little token from me. Just think of it as compensation.”
“Call them off? How about no, you motherfucker?” The middle-aged man was boiling in anger as he slapped Zeke across the face.
###Chapter 325 by Marina Vittori
Zeke almost toppled over from the slap by the middle-aged man.
“You…” Zeke gritted his teeth, a scowl forming on his face after being humiliated in front of
everyone. However, his hands were tied because the men outnumbered him and came with the backing of the Langfords.
“My friend, let’s not burn bridges. What’s the point of coming at us?” Gordon frowned and intervened
“Fuck you!” The man grabbed a beer bottle and smashed it on Gordon’s head. The beer was everywhere in an instant, and Gordon was bleeding from the head.
“That’s too much!” Zoey jumped out and protested, Do you know who you just hit? He’s the son of the Flynn family-Gordon Flynn!”
“I don’t care wherever the fuck he’s from. He’s dead meat if he gets into trouble with the Langfords. “The man was ferocious.
Zoey choked on anger. “Y-y-you’d better not be a bully!”
“What if I am a bully? Whoever tries to step up today will stand in the firing line!” The man gestured, and his bodyguards drew their swords. Their threatening postures immediately shut her
“Yo, dude! I thought you were a hero just now! Why are you quiet now?” The man slapped Gordon on the face repeatedly in an attempt to humiliate him.
“Friend, if what you want is money, we have room for discussion,” Gordon bit the bullet and negotiated
“Room for a fucking discussion?” The man kicked Gordon aside and even spat on him with disdain while he was at it. “Who do you think you are? You don’t have the right to discuss anything with me. Do you believe that I couldn’t make you vanish from the surface of the earth when I give the
orders?”
Gordon, looking mortified, finally fell silent. The man snickered. “Two useless pieces of trash. Showing off in front of me? You’d better know your limits.” Then, he turned his attention to Adriana and smiled at her. “Ms. Lovett, it seems like no one can save you now. Come with us.”
She bit her lips and cast a pleading glance at Gordon However, Gordon and Zeke hung their heads low, too timid to make a sound.
“Ms. Lovett, if you don’t play nice, do not blame us for laying a finger on your friends!” The man -resorted to threats.
“Alright, I’ll leave with you!” She took a deep breath and chose to surrender, knowing what the men were capable of doing. If she fought back, she would unnecessarily hurt everyone at the
: 
scene.
But Natasha stood before her and coldly confronted the men, “Wait a minute! How much do you want in exchange for Adriana’s freedom?”
“Oh! Here’s another pretty lady!” The man scanned her from head to toe with a renewed interest in
his eyes. Natasha was as good-looking as Adriana, and some might even argue that she had a sexier figure. The man believed Natasha would be their new money tree if she gained fame.
“I can let her go. But you will have to leave with us instead.” He cackled wickedly. “If you entertain and please my boss, he is open to any discussion.”
“You’d better not be greedy!” Her expression froze. The Langfords had a sprawling business empite, but they were not as invincible as to do whatever they wanted in Balerno.
“Oh, you’re pretty feisty, aren’t you? That’s exactly my type! It’s rare to come across a lady like you. Since we are in luck today, we can’t possibly miss the chance. Guys, take both of them.” The man did not want to engage further and gave his orders
“Hey. Time to stop it.” At that time, Dustin finally rose from his seat after filling himself with food and drinks. Sensing his imposing aura, the bodyguards dared not take a step forward.
“And where the fuck did you come from?”
###Chapter 326 by Marina Vittori
The middle-aged man’s expression was unfriendly, I’m warning you. Don’t try to be a hero. Otherwise, I’ll break both your legs!”
“You can hit anyone but her.” Dustin stood in front of Natasha, his gaze calm.
“And if I do?” he sneered.
“Then I’ll cripple you,” Dustin smiled.
“You must be tired of living, bastard!” The middle-aged man finally erupted in anger. “Get him! I want him beaten mercilessly! I’ll take full responsibility if he dies!”
“Yes, sir!” On his command, the bodyguards stopped holding back, immediately brandishing their knives at Dustin.
Dustin slammed one hand on the table, and the knives on the table bounced up. With a wave of his sleeves, sharp whistles were heard. Appearing like hidden weapons, the knives shot straight into the bodyguards’ knees.
In a blink of an eye, the previously arrogant and intimidating group of bodyguards were taken down.
“What?” The middle-aged man’s expression shifted upon the scene laid out before him. He’d been around long enough to realize he’d encountered a skilled martial artist that day.
“Holy shit! This guy have skills?” Zoey was shocked She would have never thought that an ordinary doctor would have such impressive skills.
Even Zeke and Gordon were taken aback. They looked at each other with a bewildered look on their faces. Dustin must have had immense strength to be able to pierce a knife through the bodyguards’ knees. What was more astonishing was that he attacked with such accuracy that each bodyguard had the exact same injury.
“Huh?” Adriana was surprised, and her gaze betrayed a spark of interest.
“Who the hell are you, punk? How dare you poke your nose into the Langford family’s business?” The middle-aged man carried a dark expression.
“So what if you’re from the Langford family? I’m butting in since I can’t stand you harassing a woman,” Dustin replied dismissively.
“Just you wait and see, punk!” The man gritted his teeth and was about to leave when Dustin grabbed him by the collar and pulled back forcefully. With a resounding bang, the man crashed into the wall, spitting out a mouthful of blood.
“Did I say you can leave?” Dustin was calm.
“You… what do you want?” His body felt like it was about to fall apart as he clenched his jaw.
“You think you can act as if nothing happened and escape just like that? Think again. Get down on your knees and apologize to everyone here,” Dustin ordered coldly.
“Never!” he refused immediately.
“Oh?” Dustin raised his eyebrows and gave him a resounding slap. A few teeth fell out from the force.
“You dare hit me? I’m from the Langford family!” He was resentful.
“That slap is for the Langford family.” Without another word, Dustin landed two more slaps, leaving the man dazed and unable to steady himself.
Zeke’s expression changed as he watched the scene unfold before him. “Dustin, you’re crazy! Stop this instant!
Gordon added with a dark expression, “The Langford family is very powerful. You’re going to die for humiliating them in public. Even if you don’t value your life, don’t drag us down with you!”
“Aren’t you guys getting overly worked up for a mere servant of the Langford family?” Dustin shook his head.
“You-” Their expressions turned ugly as soon as Dustin said that.
###Chapter 327 by Marina Vittori
“Don’t worry. I started this. I’ll make sure not to pull you both down into this mess. Of course, if you’re scared, you could leave first. I didn’t see a thing,” Dustin said casually.
A few simple words had made them feel indignant, and their faces burned, especially from the looks the three women were giving them. It was humiliating to be looked down on by an ordinary
doctor.
“You’re dead meat, punk! All of you are dead meat!” The middle-aged man got up from the floor with a disheveled appearance.
“Say that again? Who’s dead meat?” Dustin gave him another slap.
“You” Before he could speak, another heavy slap landed on his face. With a grunt, finally, he fainted from the attacks.
Zoey and the rest of them watched in shock. They couldn’t believe Dustin was merciless and dared attack with such force, even though he knew the other party was from the Langford family. He must really not value his life!
“Weakling.” Dustin dusted his hands, feeling unsatisfied.
“Dustin! Do you know what you’ve just done? Not even the Gods can save you for offending the Langford family,” Gordon admonished him sternly but also gloated at his misfortune. Even though he was surprised by Dusin’s martial skills, he knew his actions would only lead to his demise.
“Keep your judgment to yourselves. Just because you’re afraid of the Langfords doesn’t mean I am too.” Dustin shrugged.
“Hmph! You must not be aware of how scary they could be!” Zeke shook his head as if he was looking at an idiot.
The Langford family was Stonia’s most powerful and wealthy aristocratic family. Other than the Tremendous Three, no one else dared confront the Langfords directly in the whole of Balerno. With Dustin’s mere background as an ordinary doctor, he should have made sure he knew who he was going up against before attacking a Langford family servant.
“That’s enough. We shouldn’t stay here any longer. Let’s go.” Zoey’s gaze betrayed her nerves. After what happened, she understood how terrifying the Langfords could be.
Dustin suddenly said, “Ms. Harmon, you should go first. I have a few things left to do.”
Since he’d already made an enemy out of the Langfords, he might as well deal with the issue cleanly.
“What are you going to do?” Natasha stared blankly at him.
Nothing much, just going to finish up some unfinished business,” Dustin smiled.
“Hey! Are you crazy? Their men will be here soon You’ll be dead meat by then,” Zoey said with a frown.
“I know what I’m doing.” Dustin wasn’t bothered.
“Be careful Natasha gave him a long gaze before pulling Adriana out of the door. She knew that
her presence would cause him more trouble.
“Forget it. Suit yourself.” Zoey shook her head and left.
“Hmph! You should know better. You’ll find out soon enough how powerful the Langfords are.”
“Since you won’t listen to our advice, there’s no point in stopping you from being the dead meat you love to be.”
Zeke and Gordon followed behind them after throwing out those words.
All of them finally breathed a sigh of relief after leaving the restaurant.
“Guys, what should we do now?”
Standing near the entrance, Zoey said with uncertainty, “Adriana has been marked by the Langfords. If we don’t think of something, this won’t end well.”
“You’re right! Adriana is not strong enough to fight against those brutal swine.” Zeke was slightly worried.
“They’re not too unreasonable. Perhaps we could talk it out. I just so happen to be acquainted with Luis Langford. I’m sure there won’t be a problem as long as I can convince Mr. Langford.”
“Gordon, you know Mr. Langford? Why didn’t you say so earlier? I almost peed my pants just now.” Zeke was surprised.
“The last time I went to Stonia, I attended a party of his and got to know him there.” Gordon smiled. “That’s amazing! I can’t believe you know someone so powerful!”
###Chapter 328 by Marina Vittori
Zoey was ecstatic and chimed in, “Adriana, there’s hope! As long as Gordon convinces Mr. Langford, I’m sure you’ll be safe then.”
“That’s great. Thanks, Gordon!” As Adriana thanked him profusely, her cleavage came into full
view.
“It’s nothing. I’m just helping out a friend.” Gordon waved his hand like it was a minor issue.
“Alright, since we’ve resolved the matter, let’s go for a few more rounds of drinks,” Zeke said, calling up his driver and ushering them into his car
Just as they were about to depart, more than ten black SUVS screeched to a halt in front of the restaurant, surrounding it entirely. As the doors opened, a group of fighters with batons in hand got off and barged into the restaurant with a murderous look.
“Dang! Weren’t those the Langfords’ men?” Zeke’s eye twitched, and he was inexplicably nervous. He thought they were lucky to have left in time. If they had been slower by even two minutes, they probably wouldn’t have been able to escape then.
“Natasha, will your boyfriend be alright?” Adriana was worried. After all, Dustin had saved her earlier. She would feel bad if something happened to him.
“Don’t worry. He can handle it.” Natasha smiled faintly. She was aware of his abilities. Fighting a few ordinary fighters would be like a breeze to him.
“I don’t think so. He only has two fists. Even if he had skills, how would he survive against so many of them?” Gordon shook his head but was happy about Dustin’s predicament.
“That’s right! The Langfords have plenty of highly skilled martial artists. How would he take all of them on?” Zeke pursed his lips.
In their eyes, Dustin only liked seeking attention As soon as he encountered Langfords’ skilled fighters, he’d end up dead.
Natasha didn’t bother explaining further since they didn’t believe her.
In the meantime, in the private room of the restaurant, Dustin was silently enjoying his food. He was eating with great enthusiasm when the door was kicked down. A large number of fighters barged in, surrounding him in no time.
The man who fainted earlier suddenly sprung up, his expression menacing. “Hey, punk! My backup is here. You’re dead meat this time!”
It was evident that he had been playing dead.
This is all of them? I thought you were bringing an army.” Dustin shook his head, seemingly regretful.
“You’re still talking back in the face of death? Kill him!” the middle-aged man bellowed.
Dozens of them brandished their weapons, prepared to attack, when suddenly, someone yelled at the door. “Hold it!
Following the voice, a figure appeared. It was Dahlia who rushed in, clad in branded clothing
Dustin’s brows furrowed at the sight of the woman Why did he keep running into her?
“I thought I was mistaken, but it really is you.” She carried a complicated expression as she looked.
at Dustin.
“So what if it’s me? I’ve told you not to appear before me again,” Dustin said coldly.
Dahlta frowned at his words, but she turned to the middle-aged man instead. “Mr. Atwood, what’s going on here?”
“Mrs. Langford, this punk dared butt into our business. I’m about to give him a lesson. With your dignified status, I ask that you step aside lest you ruin your clothes.” Mr. Atwood smiled apologetically.
“Mr. Atwood, this is a friend of mine. Can you let him go?” Dahlia responded.
“A friend?” he frowned slightly. Since he was slapped earlier, he was quite unwilling.
“Hmm? Do my words not carry weight? Do I need to get Luis here to talk to you?” Dahlia’s expression turned cold.
“No, no. Please don’t misunderstand, Mrs. Langford Since he’s your friend, naturally, we won’t dare touch him.” Mr. Atwood smiled awkwardly and gave the signal, leaving with all the men present. “Mrs. Langford? How impressive.” Dustin sneered coldly, completely ungrateful.
###Chapter 329 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia put on a calm front even though she felt hurt from the icy glare Dustin was giving her. ” Dustin, I just didn’t want you to get into trouble. I didn’t do it so you can feel indebted to me,” she said nonchalantly.
“I don’t think what happens to me is any of your business.”
“I know you hate me. I know I’ve wronged you too. Il try my best to make it up to you in the future.
“Make it up to me?” Dustin scoffed, “Oh, Dahlia, you think too highly of yourself. Do you think I actually care?”
“Then what do you care about? Or perhaps, is there anything you need help on?” she asked tentatively.
“Sorry. I don’t need anything. I just need you to get far away from me,” Dustin responded.
“Do you hate me that much?” Dahlia frowned. She felt an inexplicable stabbing pain in her chest. “Yeah. You played me like a dog. Am I supposed to put on a pitiful dog act to please you?” Dustin mocked.
“I’m sorry…” Dahlia took in a deep breath, but, in the end, she could only lower her head.
“Forget it. Don’t show me that pitiful expression of yours. It’s repulsive.” Dustin’s words were harsh.
“I…” She was unable to continue. There were many times she wanted to tell him the truth but couldn’t. That was because she knew him well. Once he found out the truth, he would definitely make an enemy out of Luis. He would probably even try something foolish that might lead to his demise.
All Dahlia wished was for Dustin to live peacefully Even if that meant carrying the burden of his hatred and being his enemy, she would gladly ensure it was so.
Out of the blue, she asked,” How are things with you and Natasha?”
“We’re doing great. We’ve been talking about getting married,” Dustin deliberately unnerved her “Is that so? Congratulations.” Dahlia forced a smile “Natasha is a great woman. I can tell she likes you a lot. It’s just that both of you have different social standings. You need to work harder to catch up to her.”
“You don’t have to worry about that,” he responded coldly.
“You’re right. Why am I butting into your relationship? Anyways, I wish both of you the best.”
Dustin had never seen a smile that tender on her face. “What exactly are you trying to say?” His brows furrowed.
Nothing. I suddenly feel like having a drink. Will you drink a few glasses with me?”
SH
“No,” Dustin refused right away. “I told you. I have nothing to do with you any longer. From now on, we shall be strangers. Please don’t bother me again in the future. I don’t wish to be played like a
fool a second time!” He turned around to leave.
“Wait-” Dahlia reached out and grabbed his arm instinctively.
“Get lost!” Looking annoyed, Dustin shrugged her off.
Dahlia stumbled and fell to the floor, her hand landing on broken pieces of glass. Blood dripped down, as the glass crystals dug into her palms. She frowned but never uttered a word. The pain could never compare to the heartache she was feeling.
“You “Seeing that she was hurt, Dustin extended his hand, about to help her up, when he froze midway. After thinking about everything that had happened, he decided to be merciless and
ignored her injury.
“Seems like you truly hate me. I guess it’s better that way…” Dahlia smiled and got up slowly. She continued, “I’m getting engaged to Luis tomorrow. After that, I’ll be leaving for Stonia and starting my life as Mrs. Langford. Today should be our final meeting. Thank you for taking care of me these past three years. I’ll never forget it. Humans are such weird creatures. We never appreciate things when we have them, only regretting it when we lose them.” With that, she exited the room.
Watching her departing figure, Dustin wanted to speak but didn’t know what to say.
Dahlia was about to exit the building when she suddenly stopped in her tracks. She had noticed a -familiar face. It was Natasha, pacing back and forth at the main entrance.
“You’re here too…” Dahlia gave a faint smile, “Congratulations, you won. Take care of Dustin for me. I wish both of you the best.” After she said that she brushed past Natasha.
“Huh?” Natasha frowned slightly in confusion. She wondered if Dahlia woke up on the wrong side of the bed today.
“Why did you come back?” Dustin walked out of the room.
Natasha rolled her eyes. “I was worried, of course. What if something happened to you?”
“They’re just a few weaklings. They can’t hurt me. He forced a smile.
Natasha picked up on his unusual behavior. “What’s wrong? Did something happen?”
“No. I just met Dahlia. She said she’s getting engaged tomorrow.” Dustin put on a calm front.
“Engaged? To whom?” Natasha was taken aback.
“Luis Langford.”
“Luis?” She frowned. “Is she crazy? Luis is famous for being a playboy, and his temper is erratic. Women involved with him don’t exactly get a fairytale ending.”
Dustin replied, “Everyone chases after different dreams. Luis is rich and powerful. There’s nothing wrong with her wanting to marry into a wealthy family.”
“There must be more to this. She doesn’t seem like someone who chases after material wealth,” Natasha responded solemnly. Even though they were rivals in love, she didn’t harbor any hate for her..
“I thought so too, but…” Dustin put on a self-deprecating smile, “People change. She has the right to chase after the things she wants.”
Hearing him, Natasha nodded, not saying anything more.
“Let’s go. I’ll send you home.” He forced another smile. He was in a good mood earlier, but meeting Dahlia had ruined his day. He even felt a knot in his heart.
After Dustin drove off with Natasha, Luis and a white-haired young man walked out slowly from the dark.
“Mr. Langford, it seems like there’s something going on between your fiancée and that Dustin guy. “The white-haired young man laughed teasingly.
“Hmph! He’s just an ant. He must have a death wish to have the guts to steal my woman.” Luis’ expression was dark.
“Mr. Langford, leave this matter to me. I’ll make sure he disappears from the face of the earth tonight!” The white-haired young man grinned.
As Luis’ right-hand man, he’d long been skillful at murdering people.
###Chapter 330 by Marina Vittori
After sending Natasha home, Dustin returned to Peaceful Medical Center. At the same time, a black vehicle came to a quiet stop at a corner not far away. As the doors opened, a few masked assassins clad in black outfits approached the building slowly, and they all had silenced guns in their hands. They were well-trained and worked well together as they surrounded the entire Peace Medical Center without saying a word, blocking all entrances.
“Forward-” The leader made a gesture, and the men to the left of him nodded. They were just about to break in when the doors opened with a creak. A warm, yellow light shone out from the
inside.
“Since you’re already here, there’s no need to sneak around. Please, come in.” They heard a cold, impassive voice from the inside.
The masked assassins’ expressions shifted slightly Looking through the door slit, they saw Dustin leisurely sipping his liquor while seated on a chair. They even noticed a simple meal set out on the table. He appeared calm. There were no signs that he was alarmed by the impending disaster that awaited him.
“What? Do I need to invite you in personally?” Dustin spoke again.
The group looked at each other. Leaving only one man behind, the rest of the assassins walked in with their guns raised, finally exposing their cover To prevent an ambush, a few of them even scouted the perimeter. It was only after they ensured it was safe that they let out a silent sigh of relief.
“How did you discover us?” Their leader was perplexed. After so many years in their line of work, it was the first time they’d met someone who remained exceptionally calm, even with a gun in their face.
“You’ve been following me for half an hour now. I might as well be blind if I didn’t notice.” Dustin smiled faintly and poured himself another drink.
He asked, “So, who sent you? The Hummers or the Langfords?”
“Does it matter? You’ll be dead anyway,” The leader responded coldly. Dustin’s sharp gaze was making him uncomfortable.
“If I’m dying, I should at least know who gave the orders, don’t you think?” Dustin looked up slowly.
“You want to know the truth? Go ask the devil himself!” The leader was tired of the nonsense and aimed his gun at Dustin, pulling the trigger. Having a conversation was frowned upon in their line of work.
Two muffled gunshots rang out. One bullet aimed straight for Dustin’s head, while the other went for his chest. Even God wouldn’t be able to save him from the two fatal shots.
Just when he thought Dustin was as good as gone, a shocking scene played out. Just an inch away from their final target, the two bullets came to a halt. They floated in mid-air, unable to
move.
“What?” The assassin was shocked. Two more muffled shots sounded, but the results were the
Hearing him, Natasha nodded, not saying anything more.
“Let’s go. I’ll send you home.” He forced another smile. He was in a good mood earlier, but meeting Dahlia had ruined his day. He even felt a knot in his heart.
After Dustin drove off with Natasha, Luis and a white-haired young man walked out slowly from the dark.
“Mr. Langford, it seems like there’s something going on between your fiancée and that Dustin guy. “The white-haired young man laughed teasingly.
“Hmph! He’s just an ant. He must have a death wish to have the guts to steal my woman.” Luis’ expression was dark.
“Mr. Langford, leave this matter to me. I’ll make sure he disappears from the face of the earth tonight!” The white-haired young man grinned.
As Luis’ right-hand man, he’d long been skillful at murdering people.
###Chapter 331 by Marina Vittori
“Don’t kill me! I’ll talk!” The leader of the assassins was scared out of his wits. He divulged every detail, not daring to leave any stone unturned. He revealed the person who hired him and even their whereabouts. He spilled everything.
Dustin nodded after he was done listening and dealt with the assassins, before leaving the building once again. While others often took their time seeking revenge, Dustin sought his revenge the very same day. Otherwise, he would lose sleep over it.
In the meantime, in the bathtub of a luxurious hotel, the white-haired young man, Wilson White, was speaking to Luis on the phone.
“Don’t worry, Mr. Langford, my men are skilled. They won’t leave a trace. From tomorrow onwards, you will never see that punk again.”
“That’ll be best. I don’t wish for any surprises tomorrow.”
“Of course, I assure you everything will go smoothly, and you’ll be bringing that beauty home without a hitch.” He grinned.
“Alright, that’s all. That woman won’t let me touch her. I need to get another woman to satisfy my desires.”
Wilson chuckled. “Then, I won’t disturb your fun.”
After a few more exchanges of words, he hung up. He then put on a robe and walked out of the bathroom. “Hey, beautiful, I’m coming!”
Wilson was smiling happily, prepared to make love to a beautiful model he met today. However, he froze as he entered the bedroom. The model was missing, there was only a man seated on the bed. That man was Dustin!
“H-how are you here?” Wilson’s expression changed. Didn’t he already send the assassins? Why was he still alive?
“Your men are dead. And it’s your turn now. Any last words?” He spoke lazily.
Wilson’s eye twitched, and he screamed at Dustin, putting up a front, “I’m warning you, punk! You better not try anything. I’m with the Langford family!”
“I know. So what?” Dustin was stone-faced.
“If you dare touch me, not only you but all of your family and friends will be doomed!” Wilson -threatened.
“It’s always the same script. Can’t you come up with something new?” Dustin reached out and grabbed him in a chokehold, lifting him by his neck.
“Ugh… Wilson couldn’t breathe, and his face turned red. He shook in fear as he felt he was close to death’s door.
“Don’t! Don’t kill me… I’ll tell you a secret!” William panicked after seeing Dustin’s murderous gaze and started begging for his life instead.
“Oh? What secret? Let’s hear it.” Dustin raised his eyebrow, intrigued.
“I don’t think you know the real reason Dahlia is marrying Luis. It isn’t for material wealth. She was forced!” Wilson released a bombshell.
Dustin’s eyebrows knitted together. “Explain! What do you mean?”
William pointed at Dustin’s fingers. Dustin loosened his grip slightly, Out of breath, William finally spoke, “To get Dahlia by his side, Luis set up a trap and painted James as a murderer. He not only threatened to send her brother to jail, but he also threatened to send you back to prison. She only gave in to the marriage because of you.”
Dustin felt like he was struck by lightning with this revelation. He had misunderstood her. He’d thought she married into a wealthy family for power and wealth. But it turned out, she was only sacrificing herself for his safety.
At that moment, he felt a pang of regret. He regretted not getting the story straight, and he regretted slapping her.
“Dahlia, oh, Dahlia … Why are you so foolish?” He clenched his jaw and left the place immediately.
###Chapter 332 by Marina Vittori
Dustin kept dialing and making calls while he drove. However, no matter how many times he dialed, Dahlia never answered. For some reason, Dustin was anxious. It felt as if something important was slowly slipping out of his grasp.
He stepped on the accelerator and headed straight for Nicholson Villa. Ever since they got divorced, he’d never set foot in that place again. But at that moment, he couldn’t care less.
After he arrived, he rushed to the entrance, ringing the doorbell and pounding on the door persistently.
“How rude! Can’t you knock gently?” Following the annoyed voice, the door opened.
“Dustin? What are you doing here?” Florence frowned, looking upset.
Dustin went straight to the point. “Where’s Dahlia? I need to see her!”
“Hmph! What makes you think you can just barge in here to see her? Get lost!” Florence responded harshly. She was about to close the door as she spoke when the door was blocked by a foot.
With a solemn expression, Dustin said, “I know Dahlia is inside. I have something to tell her, please let her know.”
“There is no need to do so. She doesn’t want to see you.”
Florence gave him a contemptuous look and continued, “Let me tell you. My daughter’s engagement party with Mr. Langford is tomorrow. So, from tomorrow onward, she’ll be known as Mrs. Langford. Someone like you will never match up to him. So, please stop disturbing my daughter!”
“Dahlia cannot marry Luis!” Dustin frowned. “I know the truth. I know she was forced. She doesn’t need to sacrifice herself. I can solve everything!”
“You can’t solve shit!”
Florence glared at him. “Rhys! I’m warning you not to poke your nose where it doesn’t belong! It’s a blessing for my daughter to have the chance to marry the Langfords. I’ll fight you to death if you get in the way!”
“Is wealth more important than Dahlia’s happiness?”
Dustin reasoned with her, “Luis is a typical playboy with a volatile temper and violent tendencies. If Dahlia marries him, she’ll be walking into her own misery!’
“Nonsense!”
Florence erupted in anger. “Rhys! You better not spout nonsense! Luis was brought up in a wealthy family with class and manners. He’s miles better than you will ever be!”
To her, Dustin only said those words out of jealousy He was slandering Luis since he knew he wasn’t Luis’ competition. She didn’t realize he was such a malicious person!
“Dahlia, I know you’re in there. Can you please come out and talk to me?” Seeing that Florence wouldn’t budge, he raised his voice in hopes that Dahlia could hear him from inside.
“Shut up! I’m warning you. My daughter is not at home. If you continue to cause trouble for us, I’ll call the police!” Florence threatened him.
Dustin ignored her and continued yelling, “Dahlia, listen up! I don’t need your sympathy. Don’t make decisions on your own! Do you think a mere Luis can hurt me? You must be crazy! We’re divorced. What makes you think you can use your life to save mine? Can you not think so highly of yourself?” His tirade echoed throughout the villa.
“Hey! You’ve got some nerve!” Florence grabbed a broom and was about to hit him in her fury when a clear voice rang out.
“Mom, let me talk to him…” Dahlia finally walked out.
“Dahlia, why did you come out? Just let me deal with this insolent brat.” Florence was clearly upset.
###Chapter 333 by Marina Vittori
“Some things are better discussed in person.” Dahlia shook her head.
“Fine. I’ll give you three minutes. Break it off cleanly.” Without another word, Florence went to stand by one side. After all, tomorrow, their family would move to Stonia and live the life of the wealthy. By then, a lowlife like Dustin would never have the chance to see her daughter again.
“Didn’t you say we’d never have anything to do with each other? Why are you here?” Dahlia looked Dustin straight in the eye.
Dustin responded seriously, “I’ve found out the truth. I know Luis forced you into this, but you don’t need to get married to him. I can solve all your problems!”
Dahlia was momentarily stumped before she put up a polite smile. “I don’t know where you heard that, but I’m getting married to Luis on my own accord. I wasn’t forced, but thank you for your concern.”
So what if he knew? It wouldn’t solve anything. Her marriage to Luis was a strategic union between the Langfords and the Nicholsons. Anyone who dared stand in the way of their marriage would be going up against two majorly influential families. How many people dared make enemies out of the two families in the whole of Balerno? That was why, even if Dustin now knew the truth, it didn’t change anything. It would only cause him more trouble.
“That’s not true!” Dustin’s brows knitted. “You don’t even like him. Why are you getting married to him?”
“Does that matter? Luis can give me wealth and riches, as well as power and status, aren’t those enough?” Dahlia smiled faintly.
“You’re lying! I know you’re not that kind of person Dustin wouldn’t give up.
“Stop joking. Do you really know me?” She scoffed,
“Oh, Dustin. People should live life realistically, especially women. Instead of working so hard to make a name for myself, wouldn’t it be better to marry a wealthy man? I can live an easy life. Why not seize the opportunity?”
Dustin’s gaze was intense. “No! You don’t mean that”
“That’s what I think. It doesn’t matter whether or not you believe me. I’m tired. I’m going to rest now. Please go back.” That was the last thing Dahlia said before turning inside.
“Did you hear that? She’s tired. Now get lost!” Florence raised her broom aggressively.
“Dahlia Nicholson! Don’t you dare think you actually helped me. I’ll never be grateful for your actions!”
Dustin stood by the door and continued with rightful indignation, “Oh, and one more thing. I hate being indebted to someone. I will do everything I can to stop this marriage. I will never let you marry Luis! Do you hear me?”
“Bastard! If you try anything, I won’t hesitate to beat you to death!” Florence was anxious and raised the broom in her hand, about to land a hit, when Dustin grabbed it and broke it easily,
“Dahlia Nicholson! I’ll be at the engagement party tomorrow afternoon. All you need to do is nod, and I’ll take you out of there. You don’t need to think about the consequences. Just follow your heart. I will make sure there is nothing to worry about. I will also ensure your safety! Please just trust me. Have absolute faith in me this one time!” Dustin finally left after his speech.
Since he had found out the truth, he would not allow her to walk into her own misery. It didn’t matter if they were the Langfords or the Nicholsons. If they angered him, he would annihilate them all!
As Dahlia listened to Dustin’s determined speech, she leaned against the door and sank to the floor. She ended up crouching on the ground as tears streamed down her face. Biting her lips, she wrapped herself in her arms and tried her best to muffle her cries.
“Oh, Dustin. Why are you so foolish? Couldn’t you just let go? Why do you need to put yourself in danger like that?”
###Chapter 334 by Marina Vittori
The next morning, at Empire Hotel. A grand wedding was in full swing. The union of the two prominent families had caused a sensation throughout Swinton. Countless businessmen, wealthy individuals, and high-ranking officials arrived with great anticipation. Hundreds of luxury wedding cars were parked at the hotel square, occupying almost every available space. The entire street had also been cordoned off specially for today’s wedding ceremony.
Dressed in his groom’s attire, Luis personally welcomed the guests at the entrance of the lobby. Of course, he only greeted those who held status and influence, while the ordinary guests were attended to by his men.
“Mr. Langford…” At that moment, Wilson walked up to him and said in a hushed voice, “There’s a turn of events. Dustin’s not dead yet, and the assassins I sent out are all missing.”
“What did you say? What’s the point of me hiring you if you can’t handle a small matter like this?” Luis frowned.
“I’m sorry. I underestimated that punk.” Wilson lowered his head in shame.
“Forget about it. After today, I’ll send someone personally to deal with him.” Luis didn’t bother making a fuss out of it.
“Mr. Langford, there’s something else…” Wilson hesitated to speak.
Luis was slightly unhappy. “What now?”
In a whisper, Wilson continued, “I heard that Dustin might disrupt the wedding today.”
“Disrupt the wedding?” Luis was taken aback for a moment before he laughed out loud.
“Are you joking? My men are all here. Would he dare act rashly here?”
“It’s best to consider all possibilities.” Wilson smiled apologetically.
“He can try if he wants. I’m itching to see how he’ll barge into my den!” Luis sneered coldly.
An ordinary citizen, trying to go against him? He didn’t mind shedding blood today at the party if it came to it.
In the meantime, in one of the rooms of the hotel, Dahlia sat in front of the dressing table, in a daze.
Ever since Dustin came looking for her yesterday, she has been on edge, worried he might attempt something foolish. For this reason, she’d been sending him messages and making calls, but she never received a response. It worried her more as he ignored her.
“Dahlia, why are you sulking? You should be smiling. It’s your big day.” Right then, Florence walked in with a grin and started picking out Dahlia’s jewelry.
Dahlia suddenly asked, “Mom, do you think Dustin will come today?”
“Why do you care?” Florence’s brows furrowed. “I’ve looked around the area. It’s heavily guarded here, with security personnel inside and out. If Dustin dares break-in, he’ll probably be beaten up
badly.”
Dahlia’s concern deepened upon hearing her mother’s words.
“Dahlia, stop thinking about it. That punk is all talk. He won’t really come. He’s not stupid. Why would he seek his own demise?” Florence took advantage of the situation and comforted her.
It was clear to her that her daughter had unresolved feelings. Unfortunately, they could never be together. Besides, it was a lifelong dream of Florence to have her daughter marry into a wealthy family. How would she allow someone to ruin her dream that easily?
“I hope so…” Dahlia sighed, but her expression remained troubled.
“Alright, it’s about time. Let’s go.” Florence smiled, leading Dahlia out.
At the venue, the seats were already filled with distinguished guests. Amidst the applause, Luis walked up the stage slowly.
He received the microphone from the officiant and said with a face full of smiles, “Dear guests, family, and friends, thank you for attending my wedding. Today is the most important day of my
life.
“Even though I’ve only known Dahlia for a short time, from the moment I laid my eyes on her, I knew she was the only woman I would want to marry in this lifetime! I hope all of you present here today will bear witness to our grand wedding
As soon as he spoke those words, the crowd erupted in thunderous applause and cheers.
###Chapter 335 by Marina Vittori
“Here comes the bride!” The officiant announced.
Amidst enthusiastic applause, Dahlia walked in. She looked gorgeous in a beautiful white gown. and took her place at the altar on stage.
“Oh, my God! The bride is so pretty. She looks like an angel!”
“They look so good together. They are truly a match made in heaven!”
Following her appearance, the atmosphere grew increasingly lively as the crowd looked on in admiration.
The ceremony officially began with Dahlia’s parents, John and Florence, seated in the front row alongside Luis’ fourth uncle. Seeing the both of thein standing at the altar together, Florence couldn’t hide the smile on her face. All her hopes and prayers for her daughter to marry into a wealthy family were finally materializing.
While John wore a smile, his eyes betrayed a complexity of emotions. Despite his prolonged absences, he had a basic understanding of what went on at home. As for Luis’ uncle, he had an impassive expression right from the start, not showing much of a reaction.
“Dahlia is so lucky to be able to marry Luis.” Not far away, Dakota watched the new couple in jealousy. If only she hadn’t been engaged, she would have been the one up there instead.
“Hah… It seems like she’s lucky, but she’s actually not. With Luis’ personality, I’m afraid Dahlia won’t be having a good married life.” Jane shook her head. She knew of Luis’ reputation.
It was finally time to exchange vows as the officiant said, “Dahlia, do you take Luis to be your wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, as long as you both shall live?”
While Luis was smiling widely, Dahlia looked troubled. After a short silence, he finally noticed that she didn’t seem inclined to speak.
Thinking the bride didn’t hear him, the officiant repeated himself, “Dahlia, do you take Luis to be your wedded husband…
H
In the end, Dahlia remained silent. She truly did not wish to get married to Luis. She didn’t even understand why. That was why she hesitated at the last moment.
“What’s happening? Why isn’t the bride saying anything?”
“Is she regretting it?”
As a result of her actions, a wave of dissonant murmurs swiftly swept across the venue.
“What’s the meaning of this, Dahlia? Are you embarrassing me on purpose?” Luis narrowed his
T
eyes, his expression menacing.
“If you dare humiliate me today, our previous agreement will be thrown out the window! I can’t guarantee what will happen then!”
Dahlia clenched her fists at his words, finally giving in.
“I
She was about to exchange her vows when a resounding crash reverberated through the hall. The doors had been kicked open, and at the same time, a tall figure strutted in proudly.
“Dustin! Why are you here?” Florence slammed her hand on the table and shot up to her feet,
feeling shocked and furious.
“I’m here to… steal the bride!”
###Chapter 336 by Marina Vittori
“I’m here to… steal the bride!”
Dustin’s every step resounded through the entire hall like a loud bell; his footsteps could be heard over the quiet hall.
The crowd had their eyes wide open, and their expressions were filled with shock. Nobody could have imagined that someone dared to the union between the Langford family and the Nicholson family.
“Oh my goodness! Who is this punk? He dares disrupt the wedding? Does he have a death wish?”
“You have to give him credit for being so brave. He actually dared to provoke the two powerful families!”
“Interesting. This is definitely interesting. Seems like a good show is about to start!”
After a momentary silence, the crowd erupted in frenzied discussion, pointing and gossiping incessantly.
“Dustin?” Staring at the familiar face, Dahlia’s expression revealed how happy she was. However, that happiness was quickly replaced with worry.
Although she was grateful and touched, she knew his actions would bring about a disaster. By disrupting the wedding, it meant that he was challenging both the Langfords and the Nicholsons.
“Is this punk insane? He’s making a scene all by himself? Where did he get the courage?” Dakota was astonished and couldn’t believe it.
“What an idiot!” Jane pursed her lips. It was as if she was looking at a dead man. She knew Luis had already made preparations, and stationed numerous security personnel around the hotel. Dustin had sent himself into the lion’s den by barging in here.
“Insolent bastard!” Luis’ expression turned cold. He felt the urge to kill rising within him. He couldn’t believe Dustin really came to meet his demise!
“Rhys! I’m warning you to get your ass out of here! Otherwise, you’ll bear the consequences!” Florence screamed in frustration. Her daughter was one step away from getting married into a wealthy family. She would make an enemy out of anyone who dared ruin her dreams.
“Dahlia, I’m here.” Dustin ignored all the criticisms and threats surrounding him and walked up the stage with deliberate steps. His determined gaze was fixed on the person in front of him. “What are you doing here? Go back immediately! Dahlia’s brows were furrowed, and she looked – anxious. She had noticed the number of bodyguards of the Langford family approaching the stage. Dustin’s expression was solemn. “I told you. I won’t let you get married to Luis. I’m definitely taking you away today!”
“Are you crazy? This is not the place for you to act so recklessly! Just leave!” Dahlia made fervent gestures to urge him to leave.
In a serious tone, Dustin told her, “I know what you’re worried about, but please believe me. I promise there won’t be anything to worry about after this.”
“It’s no use… You don’t know who you’re up against!” Dahlia shook her head vehemently.
She knew he could fight. She also knew he had the Harmon family backing him. But even the Harmon family was no match for the Langfords. Not to mention, the Langfords also had the Nicholsons behind them.
Dustin suddenly asked, “Dahlia, in all these years, with everything that has happened, have I ever lied to you?”
“No.” She shook her head firmly.
“Since I’ve never lied to you, please believe me once more.” Dustin extended his hand as an invitation.
Dahlia went silent; her heart was conflicted. She longed to leave with Dustin. Even if that meant eloping and wandering the entire world with him, she would do it gladly. However, there were far too many factors to consider.
“Dahlia, you don’t need to think about anything else. Leave everything to me. Just this once, let yourself be a little selfish,” Dustin said, full of sincerity.
Dahlia bit her lips. It seemed like she had come to a decision. She took a deep breath.
Alright! She would be selfish this one time!
She stopped thinking about the consequences and extended her hand with resolve, holding tight to Dustin’s hand. At that moment, Dustin formed a smile. So did she.
“Dahlia Nicholson! Do you know what you’re doing?
Seeing them holding hands, Luis’ expression was laced with extreme fury. In front of such a large crowd, his fiancé regretted her decision and decided to elope with another man.
Nothing was more humiliating than that!
###Chapter 337 by Marina Vittori
It was humiliating not only to him but to the entire Langford family!
“Dahlia Nicholson! If you dare elope with him, youll be the Nicholson family’s enemy!” Jade and Dakota stood up in fury, screaming at the top of their lungs.
“Dahlia, please don’t act recklessly! Once you leave with that trash, our family is done for!”
Florence screamed in panic.
Once they humiliated the Langfords, they weren’t just losing out on wealth, their whole family. would be annihilated!
“Mom, 1…” Dahlia wasn’t able to continue.
I
“Don’t worry. I’m here.” Dustin tightened his grip on her hand and scanned his surroundings. He declared in a loud voice, “Nobody is stopping me from taking the bride away today! Anyone who is dissatisfied can come for me!”
The moment Dustin said that, the crowd erupted in an uproar.
“Oh, my God! This guy is so cool! He’d fight the world for the woman he loves.”
“If only a guy loved me that much, I’d be happy my whole life!”
“He’s cool, all right. But too bad he’ll be paying a heavy price.”
“He offended both the Langfords and the Nicholsons. I bet he won’t live to see tomorrow.”
The guests gossiped fervently as they looked at Dustin, who was still on stage. Voices of shock, praise, and even disdain could be heard.
“Let’s go, Dahlia ” Without another word, he pulled her behind him, ready to leave.
“Stop them!” Following the angry roar, a large number of security personnel swarmed in from all sides, surrounding the both of them in no time.
“Trying to leave? Have I given my permission?” Luis’ expression was livid as he approached them slowly. His gaze was intense.
“Dahlia Nicholson, I’m giving you one last chance Say your vows now and be my lawfully wedded wife, and I will forget about what happened today Otherwise, don’t blame me for being merciless!”
I’m also giving you one last chance. Leave Swinton immediately. Otherwise, you will regret it.” Dustin responded coldly.
“You bastard! Break his limbs!” Luis erupted in fury and ordered.
“Yes, sir!” The security personnel swiftly drew out their batons and were about to attack when a figure descended from above, swinging their sword in rapid succession
The blade shimmered and swirled in the air, emitting a series of sharp whistles Before the dozens of security guards could reach them, their arms were severed, scattering limbs on the floor. Blood splattered across the ground, and screams pierced through the air.
“What the hell? Who is that? They’re so skilled!” The crowd looked on in shock and horror. It was a terrifying sight before them, a man with a single sword effortlessly took down dozens of men
“Stop right there!” With a wave of his hand, Maximus held his long sword to Luis’ neck. A few of the Langford family’s highly-skilled martial artists, who were about to launch an ambush, stopped in their tracks, afraid of advancing any further.
“The audacity!”
“How dare you!”
“Let Mr. Langford go!”
Upon witnessing Luis being held hostage, the crowd erupted into chaos. Their eyes widened in a mix of shock and righteous indignation. Forget about stealing the bride, the audacity to threaten Mr. Langford was akin to committing a grave crime!
“You wouldn’t dare to touch me, punk!” Luis narrowed his eyes, looking unperturbed.
“Really?” Maximus sneered and moved his sword slightly. The sharp blade sliced through Luis’ skin, drawing a thin line of blood.
“You” Luis froze, afraid of making another sudden movement. He was worried that the reckless man in front of him would really just kill him!
###Chapter 338 by Marina Vittori
Because of Maximus’ appearance, the situation turned against the Langford family. While a few highly-skilled martial artists from the Langford family were eager to take action, they were cautious, afraid of hurting Luis.
“Both of you should leave first. Leave this place to me, Dustin,” Maximus said confidently. After the battle at Mount Halgue, he’d finally achieved divinity, and his skills improved tremendously.
“Leave?” Luis sneered.
“Where do you think you can hide? Even if you survive today, you will never escape our wrath!”
Dustin was about to leave when he heard Luis and stopped in his tracks. Turning around, he asked coldly, “Are you threatening me?”
“So what if I am?” Luis laughed diabolically. He had no qualms about confronting Dustin.
“I don’t know how you met this friend of yours, but if you think he can go up against me single- handedly, then you’re too naive for your own good.
“Do you really think you’re that powerful?” Dustin questioned him.
“Against you? Absolutely!” Luis grinned. “Not only you, but Dahlia and everyone around her will get a taste of our revenge! I’m going to make your lives a living hell!”
Dahlia found herself unsettled by his words. In the end, she couldn’t avoid the very thing she dreaded most. When she made the decision to elope with Dustin, she put her entire family in danger. That burden was overwhelming for her to bear.
“How about it? Are you scared now?” Luis was pleased with Dustin’s silence. “Rhys! If you don’t want to die like a chicken, get down on your knees immediately! Also, you’re going to send your woman to my bedside personally. Perhaps, then, I will let you live!”
He’d just finished speaking when a resounding slap landed on his cheek, and Dustin’s bright red handprint was clearly imprinted on his face.
“Huh?” Luis cradled his burning face, dazed. Everyone else looked on in shock. Dustin must have truly gone insane to actually strike Luis in public.
“You dare hit me?” Luis’ expression grew dark as he finally came back to his senses.
“So what if I did? That slap was for your shameless boasting!”
As he spoke, he raised his hand and landed another vicious slap on Luis’ face.
That was for your arrogance!”
“Slap!”
“That was for threatening Dahlia!”
“Slap!”
That was for being unrepentant!
“Slap!”
”
Dustin slapped him left and right, with every earsplitting slap landing heavily on his face. The force turned his face bloody and swollen beyond recognition, and he lost a few teeth in between the slaps.
As the crowd took in Luis’ battered state, they were shocked into silence. They knew blood would be shed today. Nobody would survive when the Langfords sought revenge.
“Y-you … You’re dead meat!”
“Everyone related to you will pay as well!”
The members of the Langford family screamed one after another, their anger reaching a tipping point.
“Dahlia, leave this place with Maximus first. I’ll handle the rest,” Dustin said as he turned to look behind him.
“What are you going to do?” Dahlia’s brows knitted. She couldn’t explain the uneasiness she felt. At that moment, regret washed over her as she realized the gravity of her actions. Dustin wasn’t only taking her away from Luis; he was also challenging death head-on!
“Don’t worry. I’ll be fine.” He smiled. “Maximus, bring her away to somewhere safe.”
“Alright!” Maximus nodded. “Dahlia, please follow me. Dustin knows what he’s doing. He won’t be in any danger.”
###Chapter 339 by Marina Vittori
“But-” Dahlia wanted to say more. “Just go. I’ll be distracted if you’re here,” Dustin interrupted. Left with no choice, Dahlia bobbed her head in agreement helplessly in the end. Since things had come to this point, there was no turning back.
As long as Dustin could come back unscathed, she was willing to give up everything and roam all over the world with him.
After making sure that Dahlia had left safely, Dustin’s gaze scanned around the place and then fixed on the Nicholson family. “What are you waiting for? Hurry up and leave!”
“Let’s go.” Dakota and Jane exchanged a glance. Then, they turned around and left on the spot. Dahlia’s breach of promise had caused the Langfords to have a fallout with the Nicholsons. If the latter continued to stay there any longer, trouble might land upon them.
“What a jinx! Look at what you have gotten us into Florence stomped her feet in anger before fleeing away.
Now that the wedding ceremony had been ruined, the Nicholsons’ dream of living a wealthy and comfortable life went up in smoke. Most importantly, they had offended the Langford family. From now on, their days would no longer be peaceful.
At that time, Luis’ fourth uncle, Kingston Langford, suddenly stood up and said flatly, “You’ve got a nerve of steel, young man. No one has ever dared to humiliate us in public. You’re the first, and of course, you will also be the last! Frankly speaking, I’m quite impressed with your courage. But today is the day you die!”
As he spoke, he made a hand gesture.
Right then, a large group of armed guards barged in from every direction and surrounded Dustin, leaving him no way to escape.
“This is bad. Mr. Kingston is doing it for real. That brat is going to be done for.”
“He snatched the bride away blatantly and even got Mr. Luis red in the face. Even if he has ten lives, they are not even enough to pay back for what he has done.”
“Well, he only has himself to blame.”
The guests couldn’t help but mutter among themselves as they watched Dustin get trapped in the middle.
If you let go of Luis now, I will let you die in one piece.” Kingston had an indifferent expression as if he had control over everything..
Are you trying to scare me off since you have the strength in numbers?” Dustin glanced around without feeling any ounce of fear.
Yeah. You’ve got that right.”
“Sure. Let’s see who has more people, then!” Dustin took out his phone and dialed a number.
Five minutes later, the door of the banquet hall burst open. Mason rushed in aggressively with
hundreds of gangsters.
“Mason Zims from the Drey Group is here with the gang under Mr. Rhys’ orders!”
At the sight of this, everyone was stunned for a moment before they burst into laughter.
“Is this a joke? Are you trying to fight against us with this group of thugs?”
“Hmph! What an ignorant person! You’re thinking too highly of yourself!
“I’ll be so disappointed if this is your trump card.”
The group of guards led by Kingston had disdainful looks on their faces. They couldn’t believe that even some random thugs had the guts to provoke the Langford family.
“Hey, Rhys! Are you in your right mind? Do you actually think that you can outdo us with this bunch of small fry?” Luis laughed uncontrollably.
However, the smile on his face immediately dropped when the next group of people rushed into the hall
This time, Hunter was in the lead.
“The president of the Chamber of Commerce, Hunter Anderson is here to listen to Mr. Rhys’ orders!
Seconds later, another group of people showed up, and it went on for a few more rounds. “The chief inspector of the investigation bureau, Aspen Cruiser, is here to assist Mr. Rhys!” “Roderick Brooks from the Brooks Corporation is willing to do his best to help Mr. Rhys out!” “The mayor of Swinton, Alex Granville, is willing to stay till the end with Mr. Rhys!”
As the groups barged in one after another, the ridicule directed at Dustin gradually disappeared. It was replaced with shock and fear.
###Chapter 340 by Marina Vittori
Looking at the groups of elites barging into the banquet hall one after another, all the guests at the scene were dumbfounded.
None of them expected Dustin to have such great connections. All he did was make a call, and hundreds of people came over to assist him. Not only were there underground organizations and official armed forces, but there was also help from a business tycoon. On top of that, even the mayor of Swinton was here to back him up in person.
In other words, as long as Dustin said the word, all the forces in Swinton could be under his command.
That was a terrifying connection he had.
No wonder he dared to be insolent in front of the Langford family. He had come prepared.
Now the Langfords were not fighting against Dustin alone, but the whole of Swinton. “Who is he exactly? How come he can have influence over so many forces?”
The guests exchanged glances with one another, shocked at the turn of events.
At that moment, the arrogant Langford family finally sensed that the current situation wasn’t favoring them. Even though these forces wouldn’t be able to weaken their foothold, the former could still bring trouble to the latter. After all, the Langfords’ power was in Stonia. Requesting immediate help was simply impossible.
“It looks like I have underestimated you.” After being stunned for a moment, Kingston quickly regained his composure and said, “But if you think that you can win against us with their help, then you’re wrong.
The Langford family had been an influential family in Stonia for generations. Whether it was power or connections, they were way stronger than the ones in Swinton.
“Rhys! Indeed, you have more people with you. But what can you do about it?” Luis sneered, “They are just a bunch of shrimp.”
In his eyes, Swinton’s powers were akin to ants. He could even easily get rid of them if he wanted. This was how strong an affluent family from Stonia was.
“If they can’t, what about me?” Right then, a loud and clear voice pierced the air.
A well-dressed, handsome man walked dauntlessly into the banquet hall with a few female officers. He carried such an overwhelming aura with him that everyone lowered their heads subconsciously the moment they saw him.
“Adam Spanner-the God of War?” Kingston’s eyes widened in fear.
It had never occurred to him that the chief commander of the West Army, who was in charge of 300 thousand soldiers, would appear here.
“What’s wrong, Uncle Kingston? Do you know him?” Luis quickly noticed that something wasn’t right.
That is Adam Spanner!” Kingston exclaimed
Hearing that, Luis was stunned and could no longer maintain his composure. “What? He is…
Adam?”
As the heir of the wealthiest family in Stonia, Adam was not only a wunderkind but also a living legend. His outstanding battle achievements at a young age had earned him the title of “God of War ” and the command of hundreds of thousands of soldiers.
In the whole of Stonia, there was barely anyone of his age who could be on par with him.
“That’s quite arrogant of you. How dare you bully my friend!” As Adam strode in, the crowd automatically stepped aside to make way for him.
“Friend? Could it be… him?” Kingston’s gaze shifted to Dustin in shock.
“How could someone from this insignificant place know Adam?” Kingston thought.
“Mr. Kingston, you said that these people weren’t able to drive the Langfords away. But what about with my help?” Adam stared piercingly at him, his eyes filled with provocation.
“M-Mr. Spanner, what brings you here?”
###Chapter 341 by Marina Vittori
Kingston forced out a smile. “Stop acting like we are close friends!” Adam wasn’t giving Kingston any respect. “Weren’t the Langfords full of themselves just minutes ago? Come on, show me how arrogant you can be!”
When Kingston heard that, his expression darkened. If it had been someone else who humiliated him today, he would have flipped his lid long ago. However, he just couldn’t afford to offend the man standing in front of him.
“Why aren’t you saying anything? Weren’t you all high and mighty just now? You even had the guts to bully my friend!” Adam pointed at them and hauled them over the coals.
Kingston and Luis dropped their heads, falling into silence.
At the sight of that, the guests were stunned. Who would have expected that there would be a day when Kingston from the Langford family would be chewed out publicly and dared not talk back?
It was indeed shocking.
“What are you waiting for? Kneel down and apologize to my friend now!” Adam shouted.
“This…” Kingston frowned, his expression gloomy
As the direct descendants of the Langfords, how could they possibly get down on their knees for
someone else?
If outsiders knew about it, their reputation would be tarnished.
“Adam, you shouldn’t go too far!” Luis was slightly bent out of shape.
Raising his hand, Adam slapped Luis in the face. “Do you think you can stop me?”
“You” Luis parted his lips. However, before he could say anything, he received another slap
across his cheek.
“I’ll break your legs if you don’t apologize today!” Adam was extremely assertive.
Luis’ eyes blazed murderously as he gritted his teeth. Although he was livid, deep down, he knew that he couldn’t afford to mess with such a powerful man.
“Get on your knees and apologize!” Adam shouted again.
Just as Luis was about to yield to them, a majestic voice floated across the air. “Adam, don’t you think
you are going to the extremes by treating my Langfords like this?”
At the same time, a bearded, burly middle-aged man with an imposing demeanor walked in.
It was the head of the Langford family, Ethan Langford!
“Uncle Ethan!”
“Ethan!”
When Kingston and Luis saw Ethan, their eyes lit up at once. It was as if they had found their savior. They couldn’t afford to offend Adam because they had no real power in their hands.
However, Ethan was different. Not only did he have an official position, but he also possessed great authority, just like Adam. When it came to seniority, even Adam had to show Ethan to show him a certain degree of respect.
With Ethan around, it was hard for Adam to take advantage of the situation.
“Oh, it’s Mr. Ethan I didn’t know you would be here too.” Adam was quite surprised.
“Today is my nephew’s engagement ceremony. As his elder, it’s natural for me to attend,” Ethan replied faintly. “Luckily, I came here in time, or else the Langfords would end up at the mercy of others ”
“Mr Ethan, it was them who threw their weights around. I was just helping you teach them a lesson” Adam faked a smile.
“Hmph! Even if they made a mistake, an outsider like you is in no position to punish them!” Ethan’s gaze was frosty.
“What if I insist on doing so?” Adam arched his brow.
“Well, then we’ll have to see if you have the ability to walk your talk.” Ethan waved his hand.
Right then, two white-haired men appeared behind Ethan. One of them was taller than the other. Just looking at their stance, one could tell they were unfathomably powerful.
Upon seeing them, even Adam couldn’t help but frown.
###Chapter 342 by Marina Vittori
It was said that the Langfords had two master-level martial artists working for them. They were an extremely powerful pair and wouldn’t show up normally. It seemed that they had come over
with Ethan today.
Adam rubbed his chin, thinking about how to seek revenge. It wasn’t easy to take the Langfords down with the pair around.
“Hmph, what’s so great about the God of War? He still can’t do anything to the Langfords when Uncle Ethan is here,” Luis muttered inwardly. There were traces of arrogance on his face.
“As expected of Ethan!” Kingston held his head up, having regained his previous confidence.
Although the Spanner family was powerful, the Langfords weren’t weak either. Now that Ethan was around, members of the Langford family would become unrelenting.
Adam turned to look at Dustin and asked, “Dustin it seems like they are not going to let me have my way. Shall we force our way through?”
As long as Dustin agreed to it, Adam would launch his attacks straightaway. After all, someone else would deal with the aftermath.
“Since Mr. Ethan is here, forget it, then,” Dustin said flatly.
He wasn’t afraid of the Langfords, but he didn’t want to cause trouble for Adam
“Alright, whatever you say.” Adam shrugged.
“Discipline your nephew properly, Mr. Ethan. If this happens again, I won’t let the matter slide easily,” Dustin threatened firmly before he turned around to leave.
“Stop right there!” Ethan’s expression darkened.
“Do you actually think you can just walk away like that after beating up my nephew and humiliating the Langfords? What do you take us as?”
“Exactly! You have to pay back for what you did!” Luis echoed from the side. He was determined to even the score with Dustin.
“Ethan, I’m holding back out of respect for you. You shouldn’t go overboard!” Adam’s gaze was laced with hostility.
“Adam, this is concerning the reputation of the Langford family. I can’t just gloss it over! I can spare his life for your sake, but he has to get down on his knees and apologize to my nephew!” Ethan refused to back down.
Wealthy families cared about their reputations the most. If the Langfords let the matter go today, it would be equivalent to saying that anyone could walk all over them.
“Kneel down and apologize!” Luis looked down his nose at Dustin.
“So what if you have Adam backing you up? I can still trample you underfoot!” Luis mocked him in his heart..
“Kneel before you? Are you worthy of it?” Dustin was indifferent to their demands.
However, Ethan was different. Not only did he have an official position, but he also possessed great authority, just like Adam. When it came to seniority, even Adam had to show Ethan to show him a certain degree of respect.
With Ethan around, it was hard for Adam to take advantage of the situation.
“Oh, it’s Mr. Ethan. I didn’t know you would be here too.” Adam was quite surprised.
“Today is my nephew’s engagement ceremony. As his elder, it’s natural for me to attend,” Ethan replied faintly. “Luckily, I came here in time, or else the Langfords would end up at the mercy of
others.”
“Mr. Ethan, it was them who threw their weights around. I was just helping you teach them a lesson.” Adam faked a smile.
“Hmph! Even if they made a mistake, an outsider like you is in no position to punish them!” Ethan’s gaze was frosty
“What if I insist on doing so?” Adam arched his brow.
“Well, then we’ll have to see if you have the ability to walk your talk.” Ethan waved his hand.
Right then, two white-haired men appeared behind Ethan. One of them was taller than the other. Just looking at their stance, one could tell they were unfathomably powerful.
Upon seeing them, even Adam couldn’t help but frown.
Chapter 342
It was said that the Langfords had two master-level martial artists working for them. They were. an extremely powerful pair and wouldn’t show up normally. It seemed that they had come over
with Ethan today.
Adam rubbed his chin, thinking about how to seek revenge. It wasn’t easy to take the Langfords down with the pair around.
“Hmph, what’s so great about the God of War? He still can’t do anything to the Langfords when Uncle Ethan is here,” Luis muttered inwardly. There were traces of arrogance on his face.
“As expected of Ethan!” Kingston held his head up having regained his previous confidence.
Although the Spanner family was powerful, the Langfords weren’t weak either. Now that Ethan was around, members of the Langford family would become unrelenting.
Adam turned to look at Dustin and asked, “Dustint seems like they are not going to let me have my way. Shall we force our way through?”
As long as Dustin agreed to it, Adam would launch his attacks straightaway. After all, someone else would deal with the aftermath.
“Since Mr. Ethan is here, forget it, then,” Dustin said flatly.
He wasn’t afraid of the Langfords, but he didn’t want to cause trouble for Adam.
“Alright, whatever you say.” Adam shrugged.
“Discipline your nephew properly, Mr. Ethan. If this happens again, I won’t let the matter slide easily,” Dustin threatened firmly before he turned around to leave.
“Stop right there!” Ethan’s expression darkened.
“Do you actually think you can just walk away like that after beating up my nephew and humiliating the Langfords? What do you take us as?”
“Exactly! You have to pay back for what you did!” Luis echoed from the side. He was determined to even the score with Dustin.
“Ethan, I’m holding back out of respect for you. You shouldn’t go overboard!” Adam’s gaze was laced with hostility.
“Adam, this is concerning the reputation of the Langford family. I can’t just gloss it over! I can spare his life for your sake, but he has to get down on his knees and apologize to my nephew!” Ethan refused to back down.
Wealthy families cared about their reputations the most. If the Langfords let the matter go today, it would be equivalent to saying that anyone could walk all over them.
“Kneel down and apologize!” Luis looked down his nose at Dustin.
“So what if you have Adam backing you up? I can still trample you underfoot!” Luis mocked him in his heart.
“Kneel before you? Are you worthy of it?” Dustin was indifferent to their demands.
“Hmph! Don’t assume that you can behave insolently just because you have the Spanner family behind you The world is larger than you think,” Ethan warned coldly.
With the Langford family’s power, getting rid of a person was simply child’s play to them
“Ethan, heed my warning. You can’t afford to offend this friend of mine Don’t get yourself in the soup If you are on the outs with him for real, it’ll be too late for you to beg for mercy,” Adam
wamed them
“What a joke!” Ethan snorted. “Adam, since when have you learned to boast so shamelessly? In the whole of Stonia, nobody stands a chance against me!”
Those he feared were all thousands of miles away
“Ethan, are you sure you want to do this?” Adam raised his brows
“Let me tell you frankly, I’m so going to take this punk down today. You’d better stay out of it!” With a snap of Ethan’s fingers, the skilled fighters of the Langford family drew their swords and surrounded Dustin, ready to fight.
“Ethan is not giving any respect to Adam. It looks like the punk will be doomed today!”
“Even the Emperor won’t be able to save him for disgracing the Langfords!”
“This is the price for offending someone powerful in Stonia”
The guests couldn’t help but sigh when they saw the scene. Dustin’s forces were indeed impressive However, they were nothing in Ethan’s presence.
“Rhys’ Weren’t you acting like you were great earlier? Why aren’t you saying anything now? The Langford family has a long-standing reputation Even if you have the Emperor backing you today, you will still have to show us respect! If Uncle Ethan orders you to die, you’ll have to do it too!” Luis cackled with arrogance.
In Ethan’s presence, Luis was a cock who crowed upon his own dunghill.
“Oh? Who is asking my son to die?”
Right then, a flat voice came through. It wasn’t loud, but everyone could hear the voice clearly When they looked over, what hove into their view was a thin, middle-aged man limping in His looks and clothes were ordinary, and so was his physique Other than being a little lump and having a little hump on his back, there was nothing special about him If he were to walk in a Crowd, no one would pay any attention to him
However, it was such an ordinary person who drained the color from Ethan’s face. His gaze was filled with not only shock but also fear
“H-how could it be? No, this is impossible! He stays in the military encampment all year round How can he be here?” Ethan was in a fit of panic
The moment Ethan saw the hunchbacked man, it was as if he had bumped into a ghost His
fingers couldn’t help trembling as he broke into a cold sweat
“What’s wrong, Ethan? Do you know this person?” Kingston, who was standing at the side, quickly sensed that something was amiss
“H-he. He is Rufus Rhys!” Ethan’s voice quavered.
That was a bolt from the blue. When Kingston heard that, his face turned pale at once. “What?! Rufus Rhys?”
Rufus Rhys, the current head of the Rhys family, was someone who had made great contributions to the nation. He was the bravest in the army when he was young and took the lives of eight hundred thousand people during his time.
He had watched over West Lucozia for 20 years and attacked countless barbarians. On top of that, his means of doing things were impartial, and he never infringed on the citizens’ rights. His achievements were so great that he possessed the authority to go against anyone.
When he was 30 years old, he was appointed Prince of Theswe and was the second most powerful
person in the nation. His status was on par with that of the Emperor, and that made him a truly terrifying figure.
###Chapter 343 by Marina Vittori
Looking at the hunchbacked man, who appeared as if he had zero prestige, Ethan was scared out of his wits. He dared not say anything. This man in front of him was someone noble from Stonia. Even the crowned head would have to show him respect.
Hence, it wasn’t exaggerating to say that Rufus could easily take their lives at will.
When Dustin saw him, his expression darkened. There was fury in his eyes.
“It looks like a good show is coming up.” Curling up his lips, Adam gloated and immediately retreated to one side.
Under the crowd’s gaze, Rufus limped in, looking like someone of ordinary status. Nevertheless, the people in the hall unconsciously made room for him to walk past them.
Finally, he stopped in front of Dustin. “It’s been a while. I didn’t expect you to have grown this
much.”
Staring at Dustin, who was taller than him by half a head, Rufus couldn’t help but part his lips and grin. His broken front teeth made him seem a little comical.
“I didn’t expect you to be still alive too,” Dustin said frostily with a sharp gaze.
Hearing that, Ethan and Kingston were shocked. They wondered who Dustin was for him to speak. to Rufus in such a manner.
Rufus laughed. He didn’t look like he was angry at all. “Well, it’s said that good people die early but not the bad ones. Someone like me, of course, has to live longer.
“Really? But you don’t look like someone with a long lifespan,” Dustin replied coldly.
“Hey! How can you curse your dad like this?”
“Do I have anything to do with you? Don’t think so highly of yourself.”
“No matter what you say, it’s not going to change the fact that you’re my son.” Rufus shrugged.
“Hmph! Ten years ago, I paid you back all that I needed to. We have nothing to do with each other anymore!”
Dustin had held a grudge against him for a decade
“It has been ten years, and you’re still a stubborn one.” Rufus shook his head helplessly.
Deep down, he knew that what happened between them couldn’t be solved in a day or two. Nevertheless, he would do his best to make it up to his son.
“Hey, old man!” At that moment, Luis was starting to get impatient. “I have no time to see how affectionate you are with your son. If you don’t want to die, buzz off quickly!”
Ethan and Kingston were stunned as Luis spoke. They stood there in a daze, feeling at a loss as to what to do. No one in Stonia ever had the guts to be so presumptuous toward Rufus. They wondered if Luis was out of his mind.
“And who are you?” Rufus spared him a glance.
“I’m Luis, a member of the Langford family.” With his head held high, he continued loudly, “Your son has humiliated us publicly today, and he needs to pay for that! If he isn’t willing to kneel down and make his apology, you’ll have to do it on his behalf!”
“You’re asking me to kneel?” Rufus let out a chuckle, appearing to be harmless.
“That’s right! You’re his father, after all!”
“Do you know who I am? I’m afraid you can’t afford to have me kneeling before you.” The corner of Rufus’ lip curled up into a smirk.
“I don’t care who you are! Even if the Emperor is hete today, he will have to get down on his knees and apologize! Otherwise, he’ll have to die!”
As soon as Luis finished saying that, Kingston fainted on the spot.
Meanwhile, Ethan’s face was as pale as death, and his legs were trembling uncontrollably.
“It’s all over now. We’re doomed. Why does the Langford family have such an idiotic fool?” he thought.
“Ethan, your family member is quite a character.” Rufus faked a smile.
“I” Ethan opened his mouth to explain.
However, before he could say anything, Luis butted in, “Hey! Who do you think you are to be calling my uncle without any honorifics?”
“How should I address him, then?”
“Call him Mr. Ethan!”
Rufus laughed and looked at Ethan. “Mr. Ethan, is this the right way?”
The moment Ethan heard that, he fell directly to his knees. “I beg your mercy, Your Highness!”
Upon seeing such a scene, everyone was astonished
After all, that was Ethan, the head of the Langfords. They wondered who could make a big shot. like him kneel on the floor.
“Uncle Ethan, what’s wrong? What are you doing on the floor? Get up quickly!”
Luis immediately stretched out his hand to help Ethan up. However, before Luis could touch him. Ethan smacked him hard in the face. “Fuck! Don’t touch me! I have nothing to do with you! From now on, you are no longer a part of the Langford family!”
“What?” Covering his reddened cheek, Luis was confused “Uncle Ethan, what’s going on? Why are you kicking me out of the family all of a sudden? I’m your nephew!”
“Get lost! I don’t have such a moronic nephew like you!” Ethan sent another slap across Luis’ face. Even if the person who offended Rufus was his biological father, he would have to cut ties with him there and then, let alone his nephew. Sacrificing one person was better than dragging the whole family down.
“What’s going on exactly?” Luis was on the verge of lears
This person standing here is none other than the Prince of Theswe. How dare you act so
disrespectfully in front of him? Even the Emperor won’t be able to save you!” Ethan reprimanded him fiercely.
“What?”
Luis froze and stood there in a daze with disbelief on his face. It had never occurred to him that this ordinary man in front of him would be the dignified Prince of Theswe.
“Wait… If he is the Prince of Theswe, then isn’t Dustin the renowned skilled martial artist, Kirin? Oh, God! What kind of person have I offended?” Luis muttered inwardly.
At the thought of that, Luis’ legs turned to jelly, and he slumped down to the floor. His gaze was filled with despair. Not only did he fight with Kirin over a woman, but he also called the Prince of Theswe an old man.
Was there anyone in the world who would do anything much worse than him?!
###Chapter 344 by Marina Vittori
Meanwhile, Florence was frantically rummaging through the drawers and cabinets in the Nicholson Villa to pack up their things.
“Dahlia, quick! Go and get all the jewelry we have in the house! We can’t stay in Swinton anymore. Let’s quickly pack up and flee abroad for the time being. I’ve already bought the flight tickets. We still have several million dollars of savings and some valuables at home. Those will be enough for
us to survive for a while.” Florence was on tenterhooks.
Dahlia’s breach of promise had not only humiliated the Langfords but also offended the Glenstead
Nicholsons. Even if they were in Stonia, Dahlia and the rest wouldn’t be able to find a safe place to
stay, let alone in a small place like Swinton.
When Florence saw that Dahlia wasn’t responding to her, she became even more anxious. “Dahlia! What are you waiting for? Quickly pack your stuff!”
“Mom, the matter has yet to reach that extreme. We don’t need to run away.” Dahlia shook her head.
“Alas, don’t you realize how serious the current situation is?” Florence slapped her forehead in frustration. “It’s the Langfords, the cream of Stonia, that we have fallen out with! They are a terrifying existence. How can they possibly let us go when we Nave gotten them hot under the collar?”
“I understand what you’re trying to say. But Dustin said that he has a way to solve the problem. I believe in him,” Dahlia replied firmly.
“Are you crazy? How can you put your trust in that loser?” Florence was breathing fire at that point.
“Who does he think he is to go against the Langfords? If it weren’t for him, you wouldn’t have run away from the wedding, and we wouldn’t have come to this point. He’s simply a jinx!”
The Nicholsons could have led a silk-stocking life. However, Dustin ruined everything in the end. Florence just hated him to the core.
Dahlia frowned. “Mom! I breached the marriage promise on my own accord. It has nothing to do. with Dustin!”
“You’re still defending him at times like this? Do you have to wait until our family is destroyed in his hands for you to come to your senses?” Florence asked bitterly.
“Enough. I won’t go anywhere without Dustin.” Dahlia was firm.
Bent out of shape, Florence reproached, “Y-you… You’re hopeless!”
“How did I raise her up to be such a foolish daughter? She’d rather be with someone penurious than marry into a rich family. What a stubborn child!” Florence muttered inwardly.
At that moment, James staggered down the stairs with the two large suitcases. “Mom, I’m done packing up our things. When are we leaving?”
“Hmph! Your sister is insisting on waiting for that loser!” Florence flumped onto the couch angrily.
“Sis, why are you waiting for him? Hasn’t he made our lives miserable enough?” James frowned.
“You leave with Mom first. Don’t worry about me.” Dahlia shook her head.
“Leave? Where do you think you are going?” Right then, Dakota burst through the door with several people following behind her. “Are you trying to shrug off all the responsibilities after what you have done?”
“What are you implying?” Dahlia knitted her brows
“It’s natural to be punished for making a mistake. I’ll have to hand you over to the Langfords so that the conflict between the two families can be resolved!” Dakota declared in a stern voice.
“What?” When Florence heard that, her expression changed in an instant. She stood up and put on an apologetic smile. “Dakota, you don’t have to be this ruthless, do you? Aren’t we family?”
“Ruthless?” Dakota snorted humorlessly. “It wasn’t easy to have the chance to be in-laws with the Langfords. However, not only did you not cherish this opportunity, but you also dragged the whole family down! Tell me, who is more ruthless?”
“Dakota, this has nothing to do with my daughter. It was all because of Dustin. If you need someone to blame, go and look for him!” Florence said in a hurry.
“You don’t have to worry about that. Dustin is with the Langfords. Perhaps he has already been skinned alive by now. But Dahlia has yet to make amends for what she did, so she has to come with us!”
As Dakota spoke, she made a gesture. Seconds later several burly bodyguards barged into the house.
###Chapter 345 by Marina Vittori
“Take her away!” Dakota pointed her finger at Dahlia. “Let’s see who has the guts to do that!”
All of a sudden, a loud and stern voice came through the door. Then, Dustin strutted in with Maximus. “Don’t blame me for being merciless if you dare challenge me today!”
“Dustin?” Dahlia brightened up.
At the sight of him, she finally felt relieved. He had promised her that he would come back safely.
Indeed, it wasn’t a lie.
“You. You’re still alive?” Dakota’s eyes widened in disbelief.
She clearly saw him surrounded by the Langfords before she left the banquet hall earlier. “How could he escape from that?” Dakota thought.
“Do you want me to die so badly? No matter what, I am still your mom’s life savior. Don’t you have any sense of gratitude toward me?” Dustin replied flatly.
“Hmph! Stop playing dumb! I don’t care how you escaped! You have offended the Langford family, and now you’re going to suffer because of that!” Dakota shot daggers at him.
“So what if I offended the Langfords? I have my ways of dealing with them.”
“You have your ways?” Dakota snorted. “Like what? A mere doctor like you is simply courting death by going against the Langfords.
“Don’t look down upon people. Not only can I resolve the current problem, but I can also get Luis to come here and apologize in person.”
“Apologize?” Hearing that, Dakota was stunned for a moment before she burst into laughter.” Dustin, are you in your right mind? Who do you think you are to ask Mr. Langford to apologize?”
“You’re only good at bragging. I seriously don’t understand why my daughter will take a fancy to you,” Florence said disdainfully.
Luis was a wealthy aristocrat from Stonia. He could easily get Swinton squashed if he said so. It was already considered extremely lucky to have one’s life spared after offending him. Asking a big shot like him to make an apology was simply wishful thinking.
“Well, what if I really do get Luis to apologize?” Dustin asked in a provoking manner.
“If you can do that, I will change my last name!” Dakota sneered.
As soon as she finished speaking, countless luxury cars roared and pulled up outside the Nicholson Villa. Within seconds, the villa was surrounded from all sides. Luis and his men hurriedly got out of the car.
When Dakota saw that, she couldn’t help but laugh and gloat. “Rhys, you’re dead meat! The Langford family is here to get you!”
“This is bad! Dustin, hurry up and leave!” Dahlia’s expression also changed at the sight.
The other party was nowhere near friendly.
“It’s all over now. We should’ve left just now, but you kept insisting on waiting for Dustin. Look, the Langfords have arrived. Now we can’t leave even if we want to!” Florence’s face fell.
“Alas! Why are we so unlucky?” James uttered mournfully.
Just as everyone thought that a great misfortune was impending over them, Luis walked up to Dahlia and directly fell to his knees without hesitation.
“Ms. Nicholson, I was too ignorant. Everything was my fault. I’m sorry. Please forgive me!” As Luis spoke, he repeatedly knocked his head to the floor as he bowed.
That was completely unexpected. Everyone at the scene was dumbfounded. They wondered why Luis, a powerful figure, would kneel down and apologize to Dahlia.
###Chapter 346 by Marina Vittori
“We beg for your forgiveness, Ms. Nicholson!”
The rest of the Langfords followed suit and kneeled down on the floor.
At the sight of that, Dahlia was stunned, and so was Dakota. Even Florence, who had been whining
until a moment ago, stood there in a trance.
They thought the Langfords were here to seek revenge. However, it had never occurred to the Nicholsons that the Langfords would behave so humbly all of a sudden.
“Ms. Nicholson, I’m sorry. I thought too highly of myself. Please forgive me!”
When Luis saw that Dahlia wasn’t making any responses, he began to slap his face like he was crazy, even though his cheeks were already red and swollen. Despite the pain, he dared not stop.
Half an hour ago, after finding out Dustin’s true identity at the banquet hall, Luis was frightened out of his wits. He thought he was doomed. Ethan even wanted to kick him out of the Langford family and cut ties with him.
However, to everyone’s surprise, Dustin was willing to let Luis off the hook on the premise that Luis had to ask for Dahlia’s forgiveness.
Luis was, of course, happy with what Dustin said. Hence, he immediately rushed over to the Nicholson Villa to apologize to Dahlia. As long as his life could be spared, he didn’t mind swallowing his pride.
“What is going on?” Dahlia raised her brows, at a loss as to what to do.
A while ago, Luis was still acting all high and mighty, having control over her life, and now he was kneeling before her. She found it hard to comprehend such a drastic change in character.
“Am I seeing this wrongly?” Florence kept rubbing her eyes in disbelief, wondering if that was still the powerful aristocrat.
When Dakota finally came to her senses, she immediately reached out her hands to help Luis up. What are you doing, Mr. Luis? Get up quickly! They aren’t worthy of having you kneel down to them.”
“Out of my sight!”
However, instead of letting her touch him, Luis slapped Dakota in the face so hard that she almost fell.
If Dakota hadn’t asked him to marry Dahlia, then he wouldn’t have offended Dustin.
“Mr. Luis, why did you hit me?” Dakota asked aggrievedly as she cupped her cheek.
Shut up, or I’ll rip out your tongue!”
After shooting a fierce glare at Dakota, Luis continued to apologize to Dahlia. It was a complete change of attitude.
Dakota bit the bullet and asked, “What happened exactly, Mr. Luis? Why don’t you get up first?”
I-it’s okay. I’ll continue kneeling. It’s better this way.” He then said to Dahlia, “Ms. Nicholson, I’m
extremely remorseful for what I have done. Please give me a chance. I promise I’ll never show up in front of you again. If you’re still angry, I can cut off my finger to prove my sincerity!” As he spoke, he took out a knife and cut his finger off directly.
“Huh?” Dahlia was startled.
She did not expect Luis to cut his finger for real and be so cruel to himself.
“If it’s not enough, I’ll cut off another one!”
Clenching his teeth, Luis endured the severe pain and cut another of his fingers.
With beads of sweat forming on his forehead, he asked, “Ms. Nicholson, has your anger dissipated?
If it hasn’t, I can continue cutting them.”
“Enough… It’s enough.”
###Chapter 347 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia shook her head fervently with a bewildered expression. “Mr. Langford, we’d be more than thankful if you didn’t find any faults with us. We would never dare blame you for anything!”
“Exactly! Please get up, Mr. Langford. Look at you! You’re bleeding so much! I’ll go get you a Band- Aid!” Florence quickly went into the bedroom to get the first-aid kit.
“A Band-Aid?” Luis could not believe his ears. He’d severed two of his fingers, for goodness sake! What use did he have for Band-Aids?
“Why don’t you go to the hospital, Mr. Langford? Your bleeding doesn’t seem to be stopping,” Dahlia suggested cautiously.
“Have you forgiven me, Ms. Nicholson?” Luis asked expectantly.
“I guess so. As long as you don’t come and bother me anymore, you’re forgiven.” Dahlia nodded.
“No problem at all! I’ll make myself scarce now and never bother you again!” Luis was elated. He nodded at both Dustin and Dahlia as a sign of apology before he made a run for it with his men in
tow.
“Hey, Mr. Langford! Your Band-Aid!” Florence raised the bandage in her hand and waved it around, but Luis did not even turn back at all. If anything, he picked up his speed.
“Dahlia Nicholson, just you wait! I’m not done with you yet!” Dakota saw that the situation wasn’t favorable for her, so she escaped too. What happened today was nothing but peculiar. Why did the great Mr. Langford apologize to Dahlia? And he even got down on his knees! How unbelievable. How absurd! She had to thoroughly investigate what exactly was the reason behind all this. “Say, Dahlia, what exactly came over Luis Langford? Has he gone cuckoo?” When everyone had left, Florence couldn’t hold back her curiosity. From how she saw it, the only plausible reasoning behind everything was that Luis had lost his mind Why else would he apologize to them? He even went to such lengths as to amputate himself! Which person in their sane mind would do something like that?
“I have no idea either.” Dahlia shook her head. Then, her gaze swiftly fell on Dustin. “Did you do something?”
“Truth be told, I did nothing. It was Luis himself who offended a big shot, so he had to atone for his actions today.” Dustin shrugged.
“Is that so?” Dahlia had her doubts. Dustin had told her before that if she faced any sort of difficulty, he would be able to straighten things out for her. And now he really did clear things out for her. She refused to believe that there wasn’t anything fishy going on behind the scenes. “Alright, alright, I’ll admit, I’m acquainted with an influential person.” Seeing that he could not hide things any further, Dustin decided to come clean.
“Do you remember the man I had dinner with the other night? He’s the scion of the prestigious Spanner family. Both his power and his status greatly exceed those of Luis Langford. He was the one who helped me out.”
Mr. Spanner?” Dahlia immediately recalled Adam Spanner.
“How do you know such a prominent person?” She asked dubiously.
“I helped him before, so I guess he’s just repaying me a favor.” Dustin chuckled.
Adam had been a sickly kid who had constantly been bullied, so Dustin would stand up against those rich and arrogant youths of Stonia for him and often taught them a lesson for messing with Adam. Because of that, Dustin even earned himself the nickname “vile demon”.
“I never would have guessed that you’d be affiliated with such an important person. How did I not know this before?” Dahlia asked, curious.
“These are old-time stories. No point bringing them up.” Dustin shook his head.
“Alright then. I will not probe too much into your past. But in the future, please do not act rashly,” Dahlia warned in all earnestness. “It’s not every day you get favors from people like him. If you bother him too often, Mr. Spanner won’t want to help you all the time. You have to rely on yourself.
“You don’t have to worry. I know what I’m doing.” Dustin smiled.
As they spoke, a hunched, middle-aged man with gray hair knocked on the door and made his way in. It was none other than Rufus Rhys, the King of Theswe!
###Chapter 348 by Marina Vittori
“Wha-” Dustin’s smile immediately dropped from his face the moment he saw who it was that came in through the door His smile was replaced by hostility “Who let you in? Get out!”
“Don’t be mistaken, I’m just here to see my daughter-in-law This has nothing to do with you” Rufus chuckled merrily as he hobbled in through the door
“Do you do you know each other?” Dahlia looked from one to the other, perplexed.
“You’re Dahlia, aren’t you? As expected, what a beauty! Rufus beamed brightly “Oh, right, I haven’t introduced myself. I’m Dustin’s father, your father-in-law
“Dustin’s father?” Dahlia was taken aback by the piece of information Though there wasn’t exactly anything special about Dustin, he had exceptionally good looks He was a fine specimen of a man if anything However, this old man before her was the farthest thing from handsome The two were vastly different in the looks department
“What? We don’t look alike?” Rufus chuckled nonchalantly This lad looks like his mom, so it makes sense that we look nothing like each other If he looked like me, I guess he’d never find himself such a beautiful wife like you ”
‘Don’t say that, Mi Rhys You carry an air of prowess about you Dahlia felt a little awkward that he saw through her doubt so easily
“Rufus Rhys’ You saw the person you were here to meet Now, would you please leave? You’re not welcome here” Dustin exclaimed out of nowhere
“Hey, watch it! That’s rude” Dahlia shot Dustin a glare. Then, she swiftly turned around and smiled apologetically at Rufus ‘Mr Rhys, Dustin’s just in a foul mood today Don’t mind him. Please, have a seat I’ll go make you a cup of tea
“Great Rufus grinned
“Hmph’ Another freeloader” Florence looked Rufus up and down as she studied him haughtily. She could tell from his attire that he wasn’t a wealthy person Sure enough, the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree The slacker’s father was a bum too
“This must be my in-law Unfortunately, I haven’t got much for you. As this is our first meeting, all I’ve got for you is this little gift. Please don’t mind it Rufus produced a box from his pocket and handed it to her
Florence was awe-struck when she opened up the box to take a quick look inside. A sapphire the size of an egg was laid inside the box. It was so clear and exquisite. “This thing. It isn’t a fake -stone, is it?”
Florence strongly doubted that it was a genuine gemstone. It was rare enough to come by a regular sapphire the size of one’s fingernail. But this one was the size of an egg! It was shocking, to say the least.
“No way. This is a family heirloom” Rufus laughed
“An heirloom? That’s great!” Florence immediately broke out into a wide smile when she heard that. She reckoned that he was a fool to give her something so precious. A sapphire of that size
“How do you know such a prominent person?” She asked dubiously.
“I helped him before, so I guess he’s just repaying me a favor.” Dustin chuckled
Adam had been a sickly kid who had constantly been bullied, so Dustin would stand up against those rich and arrogant youths of Stonia for him and often taught them a lesson for messing with Adam. Because of that, Dustin even earned himself the nickname “vile demon”.
“I never would have guessed that you’d be affiliated with such an important person. How did I not know this before?” Dahlia asked, curious
“These are old-time stories No point bringing them up. ” Dustin shook his head.
“Alright then. I will not probe too much into your past. But in the future, please do not act rashly,” Dahlia warned in all earnestness. “It’s not every day you get favors from people like him. If you bother him too often, Mr. Spanner won’t want to help you all the time. You have to rely on yourself.
H
“You don’t have to worry. I know what I’m doing.” Dustin smiled.
As they spoke, a hunched, middle-aged man with gray hair knocked on the door and made his way in. It was none other than Rufus Rhys, the King of Theswe!
Chapter 348
“Wha-” Dustin’s smile immediately dropped from his face the moment he saw who it was that came in through the door. His smile was replaced by hostility. “Who let you in? Get out!”
“Don’t be mistaken, I’m just here to see my daughter-in-law. This has nothing to do with you.” Rufus chuckled merrily as he hobbled in through the door.
“Do you do you know each other?” Dahlia looked from one to the other, perplexed.
“You’re Dahlia, aren’t you? As expected, what a beauty!” Rufus beamed brightly. “Oh, right, I haven’t introduced myself. I’m Dustin’s father, your father-in-law.”
“Dustin’s father?” Dahlia was taken aback by the piece of information. Though there wasn’t exactly anything special about Dustin, he had exceptionally good looks. He was a fine specimen of a man if anything. However, this old man before her was the farthest thing from handsome. The two were vastly different in the looks department.
“What? We don’t look alike?” Rufus chuckled nonchalantly. “This lad looks like his mom, so it makes sense that we look nothing like each other. If he looked like me, I guess he’d never find himself such a beautiful wife like you.”
“Don’t say that, Mr. Rhys. You carry an air of prowess about you.” Dahlia felt a little awkward that he saw through her doubt so easily.
“Rufus Rhys! You saw the person you were here to meet. Now, would you please leave? You’re not welcome here!” Dustin exclaimed out of nowhere.
“Hey, watch it! That’s rude!” Dahlia shot Dustin a glare. Then, she swiftly turned around and smiled apologetically at Rufus. “Mr. Rhys, Dustin’s just in a foul mood today. Don’t mind him. Please, have a seat! I’ll go make you a cup of tea.”
“Great!” Rufus grinned.
“Hmph! Another freeloader!” Florence looked Rufus up and down as she studied him haughtily. She could tell from his attire that he wasn’t a wealthy person. Sure enough, the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. The slacker’s father was a bum top.
“This must be my in-law! Unfortunately, I haven’t got much for you. As this is our first meeting, all I’ve got for you is this little gift. Please don’t mind it “Rufus produced a box from his pocket and handed it to her.
Florence was awe-struck when she opened up the box to take a quick look inside. A sapphire the size of an egg was laid inside the box. It was so clear and exquisite. “This thing… It isn’t a fake –stone, is it?”
Florence strongly doubted that it was a genuine gemstone. It was rare enough to come by a regular sapphire the size of one’s fingernail. But this one was the size of an egg! It was shocking, to say the least.
“No way. This is a family heirloom.” Rufus laughed
“An heirloom? That’s great!” Florence immediately broke out into a wide smile when she heard that. She reckoned that he was a fool to give her something.so precious. A sapphire of that size
“How do you know such a prominent person?” She asked dubiously.
“I helped him before, so I guess he’s just repaying me a favor.” Dustin chuckled.
Adam had been a sickly kid who had constantly been bullied, so Dustin would stand up against those rich and arrogant youths of Stonia for him and often taught them a lesson for messing with Adam. Because of that, Dustin even earned himself the nickname “vile demon”.
“I never would have guessed that you’d be affiliated with such an important person. How did I not know this before?” Dahlia asked, curious.
“These are old-time stories. No point bringing them up.” Dustin shook his head.
“Alright then. I will not probe too much into your past. But in the future, please do not act rashly,” Dahlia warned in all earnestness. “It’s not every day you get favors from people like him. If you bother him too often, Mr. Spanner won’t want to help you all the time. You have to rely on yourself.
“You don’t have to worry. I know what I’m doing.” Dustin smiled.
As they spoke, a hunched, middle-aged man with gray hair knocked on the door and made his way in. It was none other than Rufus Rhys, the King of Theswe!
###Chapter 349 by Marina Vittori
“Lunch is ready!” Florence had quickly whipped up a lavish meal, and every dish looked sumptuous.
Dustin had been prepared to make an excuse and slip away but was stopped by Dahlia. In the end, he had no choice but to stay for the meal with Rufus. It was the first time the father and son pair had had a meal together at the same table.
As they ate, Rufus’ eyes gradually welled up with tears. It felt like it’d been a lifetime for him, but the day finally came when he could sit down and have a meal with his son.
He had yet to receive his son’s forgiveness, but what he had now was good enough. He was already very satisfied. Of course, many people out there would never believe that the ruthless and formidable Prince of Theswe would get teary-eyed over a meal.
Once he had his fill, Rufus tactfully took his leave He knew that if he stayed on any longer, his son would most likely lose his temper.
Rufus left the Nicholson Villa with a spring in his step.
“How did things go, Sir?” When he got into the car, Albert, who sat in the passenger seat, asked inquisitively.
“Hahaha! I had a meal with my son today!” Rufus laughed heartily. Anyone could see that he was pleased
The driver found it strange that he’d be so glad because of a meal. “So you had a meal with your son, what’s the big deal? Does it really warrant such joy from you? You’re the Prince of Theswe! Where’d your dignity go?” He thought to himself.
“Congratulations, Sir! That’s one step closer to success!” Albert smiled. He was the only one who knew how much it meant to Rufus to have a meal with his son. Even winning ten cities was nowhere near as important as that.
“We’re indeed off to a good start, but knowing that rascal, it’ll be difficult to make much progress.” At the thought of that, Rufus was once again troubled.
“Take it slow, Sir. I believe that one day, Mr. Logan will find it in him to forgive you,” Albert consoled him.
“I sure hope so…” Rufus sighed before he continued “Oh before I forget, is my daughter-in-law related to the Nicholson family of Glenstead?”
“Yes, according to my investigations, she is from the prestigious Nicholson family of Glenstead. -Albert nodded.
“Very well, give that fella-what’s his name? Reggie?”
“Regulus Nicholson.”
“Ah, right, give Regulus a call. Have him take good care of my daughter-in-law, but make sure that he isn’t exposed. I wouldn’t want to frighten her,” Rufus said after some consideration. Gaining his son’s forgiveness would be a challenge, but he could get his daughter-in-law on his side first. That would make things much easier for him.
“Rest assured, Sir. I know what to do.” Albert nodded.
“Great. Let’s go visit the Drunken Maniac at Peaceful Medical Center. It’s been a long time. You old
buddies should catch up.”
Back at the Nicholson Villa, Dustin watched emotionlessly as Rufus’ car drove off. He knew perfectly well that what happened back then had nothing to do with Rufus, but he still could not forgive him. He was but a mere mortal. He wasn’t above his emotions.
All his life, he had known that kindness should be repaid with kindness and that revenge must be sought for any wrongs. He would willingly go against the world for his family and loved ones. It was different for Rufus, however. As a person of status, his priority was always what benefited him, and his gains and losses. Outsiders might think that Rufus did nothing wrong, but to Dustin, his one mistake was that he did absolutely nothing at all.
“Why are you spacing out?” Dahlia picked up a cup of hot tea and walked over to Dustin to pass it to him.
“Nothing.” Dustin smiled and took a sip of tea.
“Didn’t you tell me that both your parents had passed away? Who was this father of yours today?” Dahlia found things puzzling.
“He’s as good as dead to me,” Dustin stated calmly.
“I guess there must be some sort of major conflict going on between you. Can I ask what it is about?” Dahlia tried to make sense of the situation
###Chapter 350 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia was genuinely curious about Dustin’s past. After getting to know him better these days, she found that he was indeed a mystery.
“It’s along story.” Dustin shook his head.
“Alright, I’ll be here whenever you feel like talking about it.” Dahlia gave him a warm smile.
“Sure.” Dustin nodded.
“It’s getting colder these days. Let’s go to the mall to get some new clothes for winter,” Dahlia suggested.
“Sure, we can get some new clothes, but I’ll have you know, I’m broke!” Dustin shrugged.
“Ugh! What a miser!” Dahlia rolled her eyes. “I’ll pay for everything today. Will that do?” “Why, thank you, Ms. Nicholson!” Without another word, Dustin hurried off to bring the car over. It’s been three years since they got married, but they rarely went out shopping together.
The moment they left, Florence immediately took out the sapphire and had a good look at it. “Oh, my precious honeybunch of a sapphire! What luck I’m in today!”
The more she studied it, the more she loved it.
“Aunt Florence, what are you looking at?” Right then, Julie walked in.
“Julie! You’ve come at just the right time! Come have a look at this!” Florence showed off the sapphire to Julie and handed it to her.
“A sapphire?” When Julie had a good look at it, her voice raised a pitch and she sounded so excited. “Aunt Florence, where did you get such an enormous sapphire? It must be worth a fortune!
“Haha! You might not believe this, but it was Dustin’s father who gave this to me.” Florence beamed proudly.
“What? Dustin’s father?” Julie was shocked and could not believe her ears. “Aunt Florence, didn’t you say that Dustin’s as broke as can be? How can his father afford to give you something so precious?”
“I find it strange too.” Florence rubbed her chin. “I was wondering if Dustin secretly came from a wealthy family. Maybe he’s just kept a low profile all this while so we never noticed.”
“Him? The son of a wealthy family? Does he look like one?” Julie wondered out loud.
“If he isn’t, then how can his father afford to give me such a huge sapphire just like that?” Florence continued to expound on the situation.
“Aunt Florence, let’s put that aside for now. The matter of utmost importance now is whether you’ve found someone to verify if the sapphire’s genuine?” Julie piped up.
“But it’s so pretty! It can’t be a fake gem, can it? Besides, Dustin’s father said this is a family heirloom!” Florence refused to believe that the gem could be a fake.
“Aunt Florence, how can you believe everything he says? You’re too gullible! For safety’s sake, it’s
best if you get it appraised! You never know if it’s a sham!” Julie instigated.
“You’re right.” Florence nodded. “But where should I get it appraised?”
“Don’t you worry, Aunt Florence. I know just the right person to get it appraised. Just let me have the sapphire for a while, and we’ll soon have our answer,” Julie affirmed confidently.
“Alright, then. I’ll be waiting.” Florence did not doubt Julie even for a moment, and passed the sapphire along with the box it came with to her.
Half an hour later, in the gemological laboratory.
“What? This is a genuine sapphire worth billions? You–you’re not mistaken, are you?” Julie was dumbfounded when she heard the results.
“We’ve run multiple tests on it. It can’t be wrong. In fact, this is an extremely rare variety of sapphire. If it were to be auctioned, the starting bid would be one billion, at the very least,” the expert appraiser told her.
“Great! This is just great! We’ve struck gold this time!” Julie burst out laughing. A sapphire worth billions! How did they run into such luck?
Just then, Julie’s phone rang. She answered the call. It was Florence.
“Hello, Julie. How did the appraisal go? Is it a genuine sapphire?”
“O–of course it’s… It’s a fake one!” An idea came to Julie. She feigned disappointment. “Aunt Florence, you’ve been deceived by Dustin and his father! I just had the sapphire appraised. They confirmed that it’s just a synthetic gemstone. It’ll just cost you maybe 20 or 30 dollars to get your hands on one. It’s trash. I’ve thrown it away!”
“What? It’s synthetic? Those darned loafers! How dare they trick me! I’ll make them pay!” She let out a curse and cut the call.
###Chapter 351 by Marina Vittori
That evening at Peaceful Medical Center, Natasha waltzed in through the doors happily with two bottles of wine in her hand. “Honey, I’m back! Look what I brought! These are aged wines, I’m sure you’ll love them!”
All of a sudden, the smile on her face froze as she noticed that not only was Dustin not inside, but there were also two strangers in there instead. Gregory, who was usually in a drunken stupor, now sat upright with a stern expression on his face. How peculiar.
“Mr. Jones, who are they?” Natasha’s curiosity was piqued.
“You’re back, lass? Here, let me introduce them. This one here is Dustin’s father, and this one is an old pal of mine.” Gregory gestured to Rufus and Albert, respectively, as he introduced them to Natasha.
“Dustin’s father?” Natasha’s eyes lit up.
“Oh, so my father–in–law is here! I’m sorry I didn’t recognize you!” As she spoke, she immediately got up and poured them each a cup of tea. Then, she smiled sweetly and said to Rufus, “Please have some tea, Father!”
“What?” Rufus took a while to adapt to such enthusiasm. “Young lady, may I know who you might be?”
“As this is our first time meeting, it’s only expected that you do not know me, Father. My name is Natasha Harmon, and I’m Dustin’s wife, so I’m your daughter–in–law.” Natasha beamed brightly with confidence.
“My daughter–in–law?” Rufus was taken aback momentarily. Then, it quickly dawned on him what exactly was going on. He broke out into a hearty laugh.
“That’s great, that’s great! How lucky my son is to have such an enchanting wife like you! This is amazing!” As expected of a man from the Rhys family. Dustin managed to snag two charming ladies without anyone knowing. He sure had his way with women! Rufus was delighted.
“Oh, you flatter me too much, Father. I’m the lucky one to have Dustin. He’s such an amazing man. I’d say he’s quite a catch!” Natasha chuckled.
“Oh, is that lad really such a fine man?” Rufus teased.
“Of course he is!” Natasha did not go easy on her praise. “Not only is he capable intellectually, but he’s also skilled in martial arts. Besides, his medical skills are top–notch. It seems like there isn’t anything he can’t do! And to top it off, he’s such a gentle and caring man who shoulders his responsibilities well. You don’t come by men like him these days!”
“Hahaha! You sure know your man well!” Rufus chortled loudly when he heard his son being praised. He beamed so brightly that his wrinkles showed, but pride was evident on his face. He was beyond himself with joy. What was more delightful than hearing one’s own child being praised by others?
“Of course, it goes without saying that you must have taught him well for him to turn out into such an amazing person, Father. Now that I think about it, ultimately, you’re the one who has the
1/2
wisdom to raise such a brilliant son!” Natasha took the opportunity to praise Rufus as well.
“Hahaha!” Rufus was truly over the moon. He laughed so much that his cheeks started to hurt. He had never been so happy in the past ten years.
Albert, who sat beside him, smiled brightly too. He was happy for Rufus that he had yet another daughter–in–law.
“Oh, you do have your way with your words, young lady! Since you called me ‘father‘, I must give you a present.” After Rufus calmed down from his joyful laughter, Rufus took out a dagger and handed it to Natasha. “This dagger has been by my side for many, many years. It shall be my gift to you to mark our first meeting.”
“This is too precious! I cannot have it!” Natasha waved her hands in protest. With her sharp eyes, she could tell at a glance that the dagger wasn’t just any other dagger. Just the gemstones embedded on the hilt for decoration alone were worth an exorbitant amount, much less the blade itself.
“Have it. It isn’t worth much. It’d be good to carry it around as protection,” Rufus chuckled. Seeing how understanding his daughter–in–law was, he would gladly give her the stars above if she so wished, let alone just a dagger.
“Just accept it, lass. This is your father–in–law’s affection towards you.” Mr. Jones winked at her. The dagger was listed as one of the top ten blades in the world. Even the Sword Whisperer, who was obsessed with swords, had requested to have the dagger multiple times before, but Rufus had never been willing to part with it.
“Alright, then. Thank you, Father.” Natasha smiled sweetly at him and quickly stashed the dagger away safely.
Then, they both had a good chat and quickly bonded with each other, so they decided to just address each other as father and daughter, respectively.
For a moment, all was warm and cozy in the medical center.
“Natasha, when did you come?” Right then, Dustin, who was just done shopping, entered. There was a smile on his face when he saw Natasha, however, when he caught sight of Rufus, his smile died down.
“Oh, not too long ago. And what a coincidence that I met Father! Why did you not tell me that Father was coming? I had nothing prepared!” Natasha whined. Had she known that Dustin’s father would drop by, she would have prepared some presents for him to win him over and gain her future father–in–law’s favor.
###Chapter 352 by Marina Vittori
“Natasha, you haven’t had dinner yet, have you? Come on, I’ll treat you to dinner.” Dustin did not answer her and changed the topic instead.
“Now that you mention it, I am feeling a bit hungry. Father, shall we go grab a bite?” Natasha turned around to ask Rufus.
“Don’t worry about them. We’ll go get dinner, just the two of us,” Dustin insisted.
“Well…” Natasha paused. She could sense that something was off between the two.
“Natasha, go ahead and enjoy your meal together. We, old folks, won’t tag along and ruin your fun. Run along now.” Rufus smiled and nodded at her.
“Alright, Father. We’ll be quick and buy some food back for you.” Natasha did not try to pry further. After she made sure they were alright, she left with Dustin.
All was quiet in the car before Natasha broke the silence. “Your father… Did you have a fallout with him?”
“A fallout?” Dustin laughed dryly. “If only it was that simple, things would be much easier.”
“So then what is it? Can you tell me?” Natasha coaxed softly. She had never seen such a melancholy expression on Dustin.
“Say, if a man’s wife and son were harmed, and he did absolutely nothing about it, do you even still consider him a man?” Dustin did not straight up tell Natasha what had happened between him and his father, but he threw her a hypothetical situation instead.
“Well, could it be possible that the man had his dilemmas too?” Natasha asked warily.
“As long as he puts his mind to it, there isn’t anything that he can’t do. Dilemmas? They’re just excuses.” Dustin shook his head.
“As I have not experienced what you’ve been through, I’m not in a position to offer you any advice. However, I do believe that one day, all truths will come to light.”
“Forget it. Let’s not talk about this anymore. Where do you want to have dinner tonight?” Dustin changed the topic yet again.
“Shall we go to Hillview Restaurant?” Natasha suggested with a smile.
“Sure!” Dustin nodded. Then, with a step on the accelerator, they sped off towards Hillview Restaurant.
As the car went around a bend, there was suddenly a loud bang. They seemed to have hit something.
“Oh no! We’ve run someone over!” Natasha paled. She saw clearly through the rearview mirror that an old lady was groaning in pain in the middle of the road.
“Are you alright, ma’am?” The moment Dustin pulled the car over, Natasha rushed out of the car and hurried over to check on the old lady. But just as her hand touched the old lady’s shoulder, the old lady leaped up and pulled out a dirk, intending to stab Natasha with it.
1/2
Utterly shocked by the turn of events, Natasha failed to duck in time. Just as she thought that would be the end of her, a hand reached over and grabbed the blade of the dirk. With a forceful jerk, the dirk snapped into two.
“Who sent you?” Dustin stared icily at the old lady, chucking the blade away as it clattered to the ground.
“You have a bounty of a hundred billion on your head, and she has ten billion on hers. What a waste! I was just inches away from having ten billion dollars in my pocket.” The old lady cackled maniacally, showing off her yellow teeth.
“A Bounty Killer.” Dustin squinted. Edwin Hummer had offered a bounty of a hundred billion dollars to have Dustin killed. Though they had put an end to the Hummers, Edwin Hummer was still alive, so the bounty had yet to be called off.
The old lady sniggered evilly. “Since you know that I’m a Bounty Killer, then you should understand that today is the day you meet your maker!”
“You wish to kill us? Just you alone?” Dustin asked contemptuously.
“There’s such a huge bounty for you! Of course, I’m not the only one after you! Look around you!” The old lady lifted her chin to the side.
Dustin looked in the direction she signaled to find that they had been surrounded. He could see that eight figures were closing in on them. Though there weren’t many of them, they were all adept assassins.
“I know you’re gifted, young man, so I deliberately sent for the Eight Giants today. Skilled as you may be, you stand no chance against them! The more you struggle, the more suffering you’ll put yourself through, so don’t even think about escaping,” the old lady taunted.
“The Eight Giants? Are they powerful?” Dustin was unfazed.
“Hah! Are they powerful? Truth be told, young man, once the Eight Giants have their eyes set on someone, not a single one of their targets has ever escaped alive!” She announced confidently.
The moment she finished speaking, Dustin flicked his wrist, and a loud whooshing sound was heard. Immediately, the Eight Giants stopped in their tracks and crashed heavily to the ground. On closer inspection, there was a silver needle buried smack in the middle of each of their foreheads.
All eight of them died right then and there.
###Chapter 353 by Marina Vittori
The old lady stood frozen in place as she watched the Eight Giants crash to the ground with dull thuds, one after another. All the calmness and confidence she had earlier on had completely vanished into thin air and were instead replaced by downright fear. Those were the Eight Giants! They were renowned bounty hunters who had yet to fail before this!
Ever since they set foot in the field, they had been revered by all and had never missed a single target. No matter how great their opponents were, they had been able to wipe them out without breaking a sweat. She had thought that with the Eight Giants working alongside her, everything would have gone smoothly without any hiccups. Who would have guessed that they’d be defeated in a matter of seconds? They did not even have time to react! What freak of nature was this man standing before her?
“Those are the Eight Giants that you’ve been harping on about? Pretty weak, aren’t they?” Dustin shook his head. How dare mere mortals who had yet to achieve divinity dream about assassinating him?
“Y–y–you… What tactics did you use?” The old lady was so flustered that she stumbled several steps backward. Panic was evident on her face.
“I have only one question for you. How many more of you Bounty Killers are after me?”
“I–I don’t know. We Bounty Killers work independently. I—”
“That’s enough. You can go straight to hell now.” Before she could even complete her sentence, Dustin sent another silver needle flying with a flick of his wrist. She, too, dropped dead on the spot.
The Bounty Killers was an extremely mysterious organization of bounty hunters. Every individual in the organization was an expert at what they did, and each one was more powerful than the one before. He had to call off the bounty on him and Natasha as soon as possible, or it was going to mean more trouble for them.
Just then, his phone started to ring. He answered the call to find that it was from Maximus. ” Dustin! Things are looking ugly here. The Boulderthorns have surrounded the medical center!”
“The Boulderthorns?” Dustin frowned. “Were they sent by Royal Valor?”
“You’re right! Royal Valor sent all their elites along too! Even their best warriors are here. They’re here to kill you! Go hide somewhere, and whatever you do, remember to stay away from here!”
Maximus warned him.
They were severely outnumbered. As powerful as Dustin was, he could not hold up against all of Royal Valor’s warriors surrounding him.
“I know what to do. Take Caitlyn and bring her out of there.” Dustin ended the call.
“What’s wrong?” Natasha asked worriedly from beside him.
“Nothing much. There’s just a minor complication over at the medical center. You head back to Park Place first. I’ll make it up for dinner tomorrow.” Dustin smiled at her assuredly.
“Okay. You take care!” Natasha nodded at him and drove off without any further questions.
1/2
“What an exciting evening. Who would have guessed that Royal Valor would join in on the fun.” Dustin scoffed. He hailed a cab and went straight back to Peaceful Medical Center.
Boulderthorn was a major sect of the Balerno martial arts discipline. Dustin had intended to keep things peaceful between them, but since they refused to back off, he would gladly face them head-
on.
At that moment, there were more than 20 cars pulled up around Peaceful Medical Center, surrounding the place tightly. All surveillance cameras in the vicinity were destroyed, and every alley in the area was blocked by Boulderthorn guild members. Not a single person could get past their barricade.
Several hundred elite Boulderthorn guild members stood at the door; a murderous aura
surrounded them. They looked like they were prepared to annihilate whoever and whatever that stood between them and their goal.
“Maximus Kane! I’m asking you this for the last time, where is Dustin?” A young man in a white shirt stood at the forefront of the crowd with the tip of his sword pointing squarely at Maximus. The person was none other than Keane Tovello, the second–most senior guild member of Royal Valor. After the death of Tatum Thunders, he became the ace of Royal Valor. In order to win the guild members over and for them to accept him, he had to avenge the previous ace of the guild.
“Keane Tovello, if you must know, Dustin has already left Swinton. If there’s anything you need from him, you can come to me!” Maximus declared loudly.
“Hah! You ignorant fool! I see you’re the type who refuses to cry until death stares you in the face!” Keane was infuriated. With a light tap of his feet, he swiftly leaped towards Maximus in an attempt to take him down.
“I have long since heard that you’re adept with a sword. Let’s have a look at how good you are, then! Maximus wasn’t daunted by him in the least. As a burst of energy coursed through his body, the sword that he carried with him on his back was unsheathed, and with a single–handed forward motion, the sword launched through the air, aimed straight at Keane’s chest.
Keane let out a grunt and sliced through the air with his sword. He brought down a shower of sparks on himself as his sword made contact with Maximus‘ sword, which sent it flying.
Maximus sprang upwards with a “whoosh” and accurately caught his sword mid–air. Then, with a quick flick of his wrist, he used the Illusory Sword technique. As the name suggested, it was a
technique that cast an illusion on its opponent, causing a momentary distraction.
With Dustin’s guidance, Maximus advanced in his swordsmanship. Now that he had mastered the Illusory Sword technique, he used it and cast an illusion of countless swords flying around in the air, all aiming at Keane. It was an extremely impressive technique.
“Superior skills indeed! No wonder you’re behaving so arrogantly!” Keane shot Maximus a glare and no longer held back, unleashing all that he had.
In a split second, the calmness of the night sky was broken by the sparks of swords coming into contact with each other and the whoosh of rapid movements. The crowd of elite Boulderthorn guild members instinctively backed off to make space for them.
###Chapter 354 by Marina Vittori
Amid a fierce battle between two divine–level masters, ordinary warriors would never stand a chance to approach them. While the battle was in full swing, Rufus, Gregory, and Albert were happily drinking inside the medical clinic.
Used to such chaotic scenes, they naturally paid no mind to such minor scuffles. On the other hand, Caitlyn, who was pouring them drinks, wasn’t as calm as them. She anxiously peered through the doorway, her worries evident.
How could Maximus handle all the opponents alone?
“Only if Mr. Rhys was here.” As soon as this thought crossed her mind, Caitlyn immediately shook her head.
No!
Those people were here for Dustin. If Dustin were here, things would only get more dangerous!
“Kid, stop fretting over there. That lad will be fine for now. Bring us another bottle of wine!” Gregory shouted.
“Alright. I’m coming…” Upon hearing his words, Caitlyn promptly retrieved another bottle of wine
from the counter.
Observing the calm demeanor of the three men, she frowned and curiously asked, “Mr. Jones, aren’t you all worried at all? If those bad guys were to barge in, you would be in danger!”
“What’s there to worry about? Life’s a cheap thing, and if we die, we die,” Gregory answered
casually.
“Gosh, don’t be such a doomsayer!”
Caitlyn pouted and said solemnly, “Mr. Jones, you will live a long and healthy life. Even if there’s
danger, I will protect you!”
With that, she grabbed a mop nearby and acted like a bodyguard, vowing to defend the medical
center. Her actions caused the three men to laugh in amusement.
“She’s truly an interesting girl.”
Rufus grinned. “Don’t worry. None of us will die today.”
“Really?” Caitlyn’s eyes lit up.
“Of course. Do you think I would lie to you about such matters?” Rufus chuckled and pointed at Albert. “See this old man here? He’s a powerful guy. Dealing with these minions is a piece of cake
for him.“–
“Is that so?” Caitlyn sized Albert up. She seemed skeptical.
He was an elderly man in his sixties or seventies, walking with a cane. How could he withstand a fight? The wind could even blow him down!
1/3
After observing everyone, she realized she was the youngest and strongest of the four of them.
Indeed, it seemed like the responsibility to protect them all would fall on her shoulders. With this in mind, Caitlyn raised the mop again and stood guard at the entrance. Clearly, she didn’t trust
these three oldies.
“Rufus, these minions are indeed nothing to fear. However, people have found out about your arrival in Swinton. I guess Streuqua will not let this opportunity slip by,” Albert suddenly said, his
tone serious.
“Are you suggesting that someone will come to assassinate me?” Rufus raised his glass and took a
sip.
“Yes.” Albert nodded.
As the Prince of West Lucozia, Rufus stood like an invincible barrier. He could single–handedly intimidate the Gods of Streuqua.
If Rufus encountered an assassination attempt, it would undoubtedly lead to a border conflict.
In West Lucozia, there were numerous experts to protect him. No matter how powerful Streuqua was, they would not find the slightest loophole. However, the situation was different in Swinton.
Without the protection of the West Lucozia army and death warriors, it presented a rare
opportunity for Streuqua to carry out an assassination attempt.
Therefore, Albert was sure there would be chaos in the coming days.
“Let them try all they want. It’s not like it’s the first time,” Rufus shrugged, seemingly
unconcerned.
Even in West Lucozia, assassination attempts would occur every now and then. So, of course, it would happen in Swinton.
Outside the medical center, the duel between the two swordsmanship prodigies had reached a white–hot stage. Both sides had sustained injuries, and it was difficult to determine the victor.
Maximus‘ movements were fast and accurate. He was particularly fierce and used ruthless. techniques. In terms of swordsmanship alone, Maximus was superior to Keane.
However, Keane had higher cultivation and was in a more stable state. He was closer to divinity.
Thus, their battle was neck–and–neck.
“When did this kid become so powerful?” Standing among the crowd, Luther watched the two fight with a look of astonishment on his face.
Keane was a Divine–level martial artist and a sword prodigy. Yet, he couldn’t defeat Maximus.
Did Maximus already reached divinity as well?
“Hmph! What a waste of time!” Meanwhile, Clement looked displeased as he peered through the window of his car at the battle ahead.
He had thought that his second disciple could easily claim victory, but he hadn’t expected him to be unable to handle a mere minion.
Seeing the deadlock persist, Clement flicked his wrist, and a chess piece precisely struck
2/3
Maximus‘ knee. Maximus groaned and fell to his knees.
In that instant, Keane thrusted his sword at him!
###Chapter 355 by Marina Vittori
“Go to hell!” Noticing an opening, Keane immediately seized the opportunity and fiercely swung his sword down. At that moment, a silver needle suddenly appeared, flew past the crowd, and struck Keane’s sword. “Clang!” With a clang, Kaene’s long sword shattered.
“What? Who the hell did that?” Keane quickly retreated and had his guard up. The fact that someone could use the needles as a weapon and break his sword demonstrated the profound internal energy of the assailant.
“To bully the weak with strength is one thing, but resorting to sneak attacks as well? Are all the people from Boulderthorn so despicable?” A cold voice came from behind.
Everyone turned around and saw a handsome man slowly walking out of the shadows. He then stood tall under a street lamp.
It was none other than Dustin, who had just arrived! “Sir Lincoln, that’s the guy! That’s Dustin! He’s the one who murdered Tatum’s nephew!”
Seeing the newcomer, Luther immediately roared, “Kill him! Kill him quickly! We must avenge Tatum!”
Brody and Oliver stood up, their aura intimidating.
Ever since their father was crippled, the status of their lineage has plummeted. Naturally, they harbored a deep hatred toward Dustin, the one responsible for everything.
“Young man! So you’re the one who killed my two beloved disciples?” Clement narrowed his eyes, his face filled with hostility.
“I killed Joshua, but not Tatum. I only crippled him,” Dustin said calmly.
“Nonsense! You killed Tatum!” Brody shouted angrily.
“That’s right! We saw through you a long time ago! You took advantage of Tatum’s severe injuries and launched a sneak attack. How despicable and shameless!” Oliver chimed in.
“I wouldn’t have gone through all the trouble if I wanted to kill Tatum. I would have finished him off directly in the arena. But of course, if you don’t believe me, you can assume I killed him,” Dustin replied indifferently.
Looking at the current situation, Dustin knew there was no hope of clearing up the misunderstanding. No matter how much he explained, it would be futile.
“Hey, Sir Lincoln! Did you hear that? This brat is extremely arrogant!”
“If we don’t tear him limb from limb, how will Boulderthron continue to stand on in the martial
world?”
Luther and his two sons continued to fuel the flames.
“Young man! According to the rules of the martial world, a life for a life. If you offer your neck for
1/2
the kill, I can give you a quick death!” Clement declared.
“Go ahead if you want to fight. Stop talking so much nonsense,” Dustin replied rudely.
“Not bad, kid! You’re surely arrogant!” Clement’s face darkened. “If I personally take action, others will accuse me of bullying the weak with strength. So today, let my disciples have a go at you. If you manage to survive by some stroke of luck, I’ll spare your life!”
“Formation!” With a single gesture from Clement, seven of Keane’s disciples stepped forward and surrounded Dustin from all sides.
Those disciples were the best in Royal Valor. All of them were powerful. Among the seven, three had already reached divinity, while the other four were High–level martial artists.
Royal Valor was truly showcasing its experts!
“Dustin, I’ll help you!” Maximus quickly realized that something was amiss.
“No.” Dustin raised his hand and rejected Maximus‘ offer. I want to see how formidable Royal Valor, one of the eight sects of Boulderthorn, truly is!”
“Hmph! Today, I’ll make you admit defeat willingly! The Star–shifting Technique! Transform!” Keane shouted, and suddenly, the seven disciples changed their positions. They trapped Dustin in a peculiar formation.
“The Big Dipper Array? Haha. This brat is doomed!” Luther’s face couldn’t help but light up with joy when he saw the scene before him.
The Big Dipper Array was a well–known formation in martial arts. In the formation, each of the seven participants took the positions of Dubhe, Merak, Phkeda, Megraz, Alioth, Mizar, and Alkaid. With this, they would trap their enemy.
The seven individuals would continuously move in an unending cycle as the formation changed.
Once the formation took shape, no one could break it!
“Attack!” Keane attacked from the front with three people, while the other three attacked from behind.
###Chapter 356 by Marina Vittori
Displaying a perfect balance between offense and defense, the seven individuals worked together seamlessly. They complemented each other with no discernible flaws.
As the formation came into motion, the sharp, sword–like aura was formed and ran rampant instantly. A swirling gust of wind sent the sand and stones flying.
“Interesting.” Dustin frowned. His figure flickered as he dodged. He moved like a fish swimming in the water, constantly evading attacks within the sea of swords.
It seemed dangerous, yet he managed to dodge every strike at critical moments. The sharp, sword- like aura grazed his body, but it couldn’t harm him in the slightest.
Brody and Oliver clenched their fists, their expressions filled with excitement.
They would loudly cheer whenever Dustin seemed to be in danger. However, they gritted their teeth with hatred when they saw him narrowly escape.
“Calm down. The Big Dipper Array grows more powerful as it faces stronger opponents. Once the offensive is in full swing, it becomes like a raging wave, one wave after another, and it becomes unstoppable. The longer he drags it out, the more dangerous it becomes for that brat,” Luther explained calmly.
In his eyes, Dustin’s defeat was only a matter of time.
“Dustin, catch the sword!” Maximus called out to Dustin.
Seeing the situation turn unfavorable, Maximus quickly thought of a clever idea. He threw his sword directly into the middle of the deadly formation.
“Alright!” Dustin stepped on the ground and instantly soared into the air before grabbing the sword in his hand.
“He must be seeking death!” Seeing Dustin leap into the air, Keane smirked. He commanded the sword formation to attack from bottom to top.
In a battle between experts, showing weaknesses was the last thing one would want to do. Being in the air without support was like presenting oneself as an easy target.
“Hah…” Looking at the sword formation beneath him, Dustin sneered disdainfully.
He forcefully swung his sword downward.
“Swish!” Like a meteor descending from the heavens, the shining sword slashed into the formation.
“Clang!” The formation was instantly shattered into pieces.
Keane and his seven companions were forced to retreat because of the powerful force. All of them were stunned.
“How is this possible?” Keane furrowed his brows.
The strength of the Big Dipper Array laid in harnessing the power of seven individuals to launch a combined attack. There was only one possibility of the formation breaking. And that was someone
1/2
Chapter 356
with strength surpassing the combined force of the seven members of the Big Dipper Array.
Did Dustin’s strength far exceed their expectations?
No! It couldn’t be possible! It must be an accident!
“Cycle of the Sun and Moon! Change formation!” Keane shouted loudly, commanding everyone to change their formation again.
The Big Dipper Array had seven variations and styles. It could attack, defend, and move at any speed. It was ever–changing and unpredictable.
“I’m just playing around with you. Are you even taking this fight seriously?” Dustin said, losing interest as he watched Keane and the others scattering away.
He swung his long sword. The sword flashed and shot out of his hand instantly, heading toward the chests of the seven guys.
“Defend!” The faces of the seven individuals fell slightly. They instinctively raised their swords to block Dustin’s attack.
Soon, Dustin’s sword struck them, and all seven of their swords shattered to the ground.
The relentless force of the impact sent the seven individuals flying backward and coughing up blood.
One person was severely injured, while the rest died on the spot!
For a moment, everyone at the scene fell into complete silence.
###Chapter 357 by Marina Vittori
As they looked at the six corpses on the ground and Keane, who was heavily injured and coughed up blood, all the disciples of Boulderthorn were dumbfounded.
They never expected Dustin would break the Big Dipper Array and simultaneously kill six top- notch experts from Royal Valor with just one sword Was their opponent hiding his true strength all along?
“How … How is this possible?” Luther widened his eyes in disbelief. Dustin actually broke the renowned Big Dipper Array. Not to mention, he did it so effortlessly. Just how powerful was this guy?
“No way! The seven top experts of Royal Valor couldn’t defeat him?” “This guy must be on some kind of drug; otherwise, how could he be so powerful?”
Brody and Oliver exchanged glances, their faces full of confusion.
“This guy is on a different level!” Even Clement’s face turned grave at that moment. Dustin wiped out the Big Dipper Array so effortlessly. Not to mention he only used a sword!
From that incident, it could well be said that Dustin was about to reach divinity. His martial talent must be extraordinary to possess such formidable power at such a young age!
It was definitely a bad idea to provoke such a monster.
The only thing they could do now was use all means to exterminate Dustin. Otherwise, if they
waited another two years, even Clement wouldn’t be able to suppress him.
“All disciples of Royal Valor, listen up! Surround him!” Clement suddenly shouted.
“Yes, sir!” Hundreds of elites from Royal Valor quickly surrounded Dustin. They faced Dustin,
oozing a murderous aura.
“You people from Boulderthorn are truly unreliable. I can’t believe you’re going back on your own words,” Dustin said, looking at them with disdain.
He was not surprised by Clement’s treacherous actions. Those who resorted to sneak attacks
when their disciples were in battle could not be trusted.
“Young man! Pardon me. Blame yourself for being too threatening to be left alive!” Clement said
coldly.
“Good! Then today, I will eliminate the entire Royal Valor!” Dustin waved his sword, and a tremendous pressure exploded at once.
Instantly, a howling gale blew up. His robe fluttered, and his hair stood on end. He exuded an aura of invincibility, as if he could defeat every one of them alone!
“Ah!” Just as the two sides were about to erupt into a full–scale battle, a piercing scream suddenly resounded from the crowd.
Everyone instinctively turned their heads and saw that a burly man with blond hair and a foreign
1/2
appearance had appeared out of nowhere.
He was holding the head of a Royal Valor disciple with his bare hands.
“Haha…” The blond man grinned and then forcefully put pressure on his finger.
With a loud “pop“, the head of the Royal Valor disciple exploded like a ball.
His methods were extremely cruel.
“This is outrageous!”
“How daring!”
“Who is this guy? How dare he kill a Royal Valor disciple? He must have a death wish!”
Seeing this scene, everyone raged. Unanimously, they aimed their weapons at the blond man.
While internal conflicts within the martial world were one thing, all martial artists would unite when facing an external enemy.
It was an unwritten rule.
“You bunch of weaklings!” The blond man showed disdain and extended his hand, beckoning the crowd to come at him as if inviting them to attack him all at once.
“How dare you?” Several Royal Valor disciples were furious and immediately wielded their weapons. They began slashing at him.
“Clang, clang, clang…” Accompanied by the sound of metals colliding, all the weapons that struck the blond man were shattered.
“What?” The disciples were shocked.
However, before they could react, the blond man suddenly made a move.
###Chapter 358 by Marina Vittori
He slapped two of the guys hard on the head. Two loud bangs rang out the next second, and their heads exploded like watermelons.
The remaining two individuals instinctively tried to step back, but the blond man caught them and crushed their skulls with his bare hands. It was bloody, cruel, and savage. Onlookers felt their scalps tingling with horror.
“Attack together! Kill him!” Clement’s face darkened. He immediately ordered his disciples to take action.
“Attack!” Over a hundred disciples of Royal Valor shouted angrily and launched a coordinated assault.
Grinning, the blond man slightly bent his legs and jumped off the ground.
“Boom!” The ground exploded, and a pit formed.
Like a bullet fired from a gun, the blond man directly landed in the crowd.
Wherever he went, bodies were strewn across the ground, drenched in blood. Anyone blocking his path was brutally crushed by his unstoppable force!
“Hahaha…” The blond man laughed wildly, growing more excited as he killed the disciples. He was like a ferocious beast unleashed from its cage
The Royal Valor disciples were like lambs waiting to be slaughtered. They couldn’t fight back at all.
“Beast! Stop this madness!” Seeing more than half of his disciples dead or injured, Clement could no longer contain his anger. He shouted furiously and leaped up, delivering a full–force palm strike to the back of the blond man.
“Boom!” A muffled sound echoed.
The blond man’s body trembled slightly, but then he casually turned his head. There was a hint of disdain on his face.
“How is that possible?” Clement’s eyelid twitched, and his face paled with horror.
The opponent had taken his full–force palm strike directly without the slightest injury.
Was this guy even human?
“Go to hell!” Clement gritted his teeth and forcefully delivered a powerful kick to the blond man’s head.
“Boom!” Another muffled sound rang out.
The blond man’s head only turned to the side slightly, then quickly returned to its original position, completely unharmed.
Clement was terrified by the scene. Cold sweat began to drip down his forehead,
“You weakling!” The blond man smirked and threw a light punch.
Clement closed his eyes and instinctively raised his arms to block the attack.
“Boom!” A loud explosion reverberated.
Clement’s arm instantly fractured, and his entire body was sent flying over ten meters before crashing heavily into a tree. Blood spewed from his mouth.
“What …?” Witnessing this scene, everyone was dumbfounded.
No one could have imagined that Clement, the esteemed guildmaster of Royal Valor, who was halfway to becoming a grandmaster, couldn’t withstand a single punch from the blond man!
What the hell was this creature?
Terrified, the crowd scattered in all directions, not daring to get close.
“Who… who are you?” Both astonished and scared, Clement laid helplessly on the ground.
There was only one possibility for the person to defeat him with just one move. He must be a formidable grandmaster!
“I am from the Hall of Gods, bestowed with the name Ares!” the blond man proudly declared.
“The Hall of Gods from Streuqua? You’re the God of War, Ares?”
Everyone was shocked at his introduction.
The Hall of Gods was the most prestigious martial organization in Streuqua.
It was home to numerous formidable individuals, each with their own unique abilities and talents. Any one of them can wreak havoc wherever they go!
Not to mention those who were bestowed with divine titles. They were truly unmatched powerhouses.
Take the current figure, Ares, the God of War, for example.
In Dragonmarsh, he would be considered a martial arts grandmaster and would stand out as one of the best among the grandmasters.
An existence like him could easily overpower not just Royal Valor alone, but even if all eight sects joined forces, they would still be unable to stand against him.
However, Clement didn’t understand why a top–tier powerhouse from the Hall of Gods suddenly appeared in Swinton.
Also, why did he unleash such a merciless onslaught against the disciples of Boulderthorn?
###Chapter 359 by Marina Vittori
“Dad, what’s going on? Why is the God of War from the Hall of Gods here?”
“Could Sir Lincoln have crossed some big shot from the Hall of Gods?” Both Oliver and Brody cowered in fear when they saw the man with blonde hair who was brimming with a murderous air.
“How the fuck would I know? Why are you even asking me?” Luther gulped nervously and chided them. They had been there to ambush Dustin and had never expected to be assaulted by such a formidable individual from the Hall of Gods. This was mind–blowing!
“Your Excellency, I have never offended any of you from the Hall of Gods. Why have you come to massacre the members of Boulderthorn?” Clement asked, his face pale with fear.
“What? Arent you all the West Lucozian army?” The blonde–haired man asked with confusion. “Huh? West Lucozian army? We’re members of the Boulderthorn guild!” Clement exclaimed defeatedly. After all the mess, it turns out that the members of his guild died for no reason. “Oh, so you’re not the West Lucozian army? No wonder you’re all so weak! But that’s alright. There’s nothing we can do about the dead anymore. I’ll just take this as a warm–up exercise.” The blonde–haired man laughed hysterically.
Clement stood there, dumbfounded. But there was nothing he could do. He dare not retaliate either. This was a grandmaster they were talking about! He could kill them all as easily as one would kill an ant.
“Ares, stop messing around. Stay focused on our mission.” Right then, the crisp voice of a woman rang from a distance. Immediately after, a purple–haired woman donned in full armor made her way towards them from the shadows. She held a sword in her left hand and a shield in her right The shapely and sexy woman exuded an overwhelming aura all around her.
“You know that my power heightens along with the number of people I kill, Athena. I’m merely warming up. It’s no big deal.” The blonde–haired man chuckled.
“Athena?” The crowd was once again astonished. Never in a hundred years would they have foreseen the Goddess of War from the Hall of Gods to be there too. This was another powerful god who was no less formidable than Ares, the God of War! Just Ares alone was enough to wipe out Royal Valor in its entirety. With Athena there, even if the eight major guilds joined hands, they would stand no chance against these two!
“Come on out, you two. No point hiding anymore,” Athena suddenly called out. As she said that, two more figures emerged from the shadows. One was a handsome man with his hand holding a bow and some arrows, and the other was a ripped and bulky man who was about six and a half feet tall.
“Apollo of the Hall of Gods,” the handsome man said first, not forgetting to flex his muscles. “Heracles,” the built man grunted, obviously not a chatty person.
The moment they spoke, Clement and the rest of the Boulderthorns were utterly flabbergasted, looking ashen.
“Apollo, the God of Sun?”
“And Heracles, the God of Strength?”
“Well, fuck me! Four of the major gods from the Hall of Gods are here! Are we doomed?”
The crowd was terrified.
Ares, the God of War, Athena, the Goddess of War. Apollo, the God of Sun; and Heracles, the God of Strength! They weren’t just any other gods from the Hall of Gods! These were major gods!
It was already a great enough deal to see one of them, much less all four of them! Who would have thought that all four of them would appear in one place together? This was truly shocking! These four put together were enough to go against the entire Boulderthorn guild!
“How could this be? Why has the Hall of Gods sent so many major gods here? What’s going on?” Clement felt weak in his knees. Nobody could care less for the guild master of Boulderthorn when there were four major gods here! He was nothing compared to them!
“Oh no, we won’t die here today, will we?” Oliver and Brody were drenched in sweat and in a state of extreme panic.
###Chapter 360 by Marina Vittori
Both Oliver and Brody felt their knees start to buckle. “Why are such legendary beings here?” Luther’s face was as white as a sheet as he lamented inwardly. Had he known that he would meet these masters here, he never would have come in the first place!
Everyone was silenced by the presence of the four major gods from the Hall of Gods. An overwhelming, murderous aura permeated every inch of the place. The crowd stood idly in place, and no one dared to speak, move, or even so much as breathe loudly.
At that moment, they knew that they were no longer in control of their lives. And the fact was, they weren’t wrong. Not in the least. In the presence of the four major gods, their lives were as insignificant as ants. Beneath their fear and terror, there was also a genuine curiosity as to what exactly brought the four major gods there.
“Mr. Rhys, we know you’re in there. Would you please come out to meet us?” The four major gods stood in a row, and it was Athena who first broke the silence.
“How merry it is out here!” Rufus walked out with a glass of wine as he laughed heartily. “Since the Hall of Gods sent all four of you, I guess they’re really intent on ending me today!”
“Mr. Rhys, the Hall of Gods really admires talented people like you. As long as you agree to join us, not only will you walk away unscathed today, but you will also gain our protection!” Athena declared loudly.
“Haha! From what you’re saying, I gather that you’re proposing that I betray my country?” Rufus asked with amusement.
“We can give you everything that Dragonmarsh has to offer and more! You will be able to fully unleash your talents in Streuqua,” Athena persuaded unceasingly.
“I’ll have you know, there are three things I’ll never do. First, I’ll never kill the weak, the old, women, and children. Secondly, I’ll never put up with corrupt bureaucrats. And finally, I’ll never betray my country. So, unfortunately, I’ll have to disappoint you today.” Rufus‘ smile remained as wide as ever.
“If you do not agree, then today is the day you’ll meet your maker!” Athena’s gaze was cold.
“Are you able to kill me with just the four of you?” Rufus took a sip of his wine.
“We might not be able to go to war against you, but there’s nobody out there who does a better job at assassinating than us!” Athena announced confidently.
“Cut the chit–chat! I can’t wait to get things started!” Ares laughed maniacally and began to move. With an agile leap, he charged toward Rufus like a bullet.
“Get him!” With Athena’s command, all of them charged toward Rufus immediately. Though all four of them were major gods, none of them dared slack off in the slightest because the person standing in front of them was someone worthy of being taken seriously by them.
“Major gods? Hah! I call bullshit on that!” Albert, who stood behind Rufus, scoffed. In one swift motion, he stepped in front of Rufus and met the four major gods head–on.
In an instant, thunderous sounds echoed from all around as fierce gales howled unceasingly and waves of true energy swept across their surroundings. The members of Royal Valor backed off as quickly as they could, lest they got caught in the middle.
Dustin stood at the entrance to the medical center and squinted as he watched the battle between the five of them. The Rhys family had three great generals, namely the Sword Whisperer, the Executioner, and the Drunken Maniac. Out of the three of them, the Sword Whisperer was undoubtedly the most powerful. However, the most ruthless of them all was none other than Albert, the Executioner. Albert had reached peak level grandmastery ten years ago. Now that ten years had passed, he’d refined his skills so much more that he was on par with the four major gods.
“Oh my goodness! Who’s this old fella? How can he hold up against the four major gods so well?” Oliver and Brody were amazed by what they saw. From their point of view, the four major gods were deities who had total control during any battle! And when four such unrivaled beings teamed up and were still no match for an old man, it was truly mystifying!
“Damn it! I’m lucky I didn’t barge into the medical center earlier on! I’d be dead meat if I did!” Clement broke out in a cold sweat when he saw the ongoing fight. Never in his dreams had he ever thought that there would be such a powerful master in the tiny medical center! He wouldn’t even know how he died if he actually went and challenged such a person!
Hang on… The old man was someone from Peaceful Medical Center. And Peaceful Medical Center belonged to Dustin. Could it be possible that Dustin was somehow related to the old man? Ashen- faced, Clement dared not even continue his train of thought.
###Chapter 361 by Marina Vittori
As the battle raged on, Albert held his ground firmly against the four major gods‘ attacks. The five figures moved around so fast that they seemed to be intertwined, and it was impossible to tell them apart. It was quite an overwhelming sight to behold. Everywhere they passed by, trees would fall and houses would collapse. The entire place was in ruins.
Dustin stood at the entrance to the medical center, blocking out the occasional stray bursts of true energy that went their way. It was a good thing that Albert had the sense to lead the fight away from them or the medical center would also have been destroyed.
“Dustin, who would have thought that you had such a powerful elder in your family! Even the four major gods cannot defeat him!” Maximus stared straight ahead at the five figures who were engaged in a tight battle. They moved so fast that he could not even make out who each person
was.
“He’s not an elder,” Dustin said coldly,
“He’s not? Then why is he with your father?” Maximus was intrigued.
“He’s just a servant working for the Rhys family,” Dustin answered aloofly. He didn’t particularly like Albert.
“A servant?” Maximus could not believe his ears. He was awe–struck, to say the least.
“You have such a powerful person as a servant? Are you royalty, Dustin?” Maximus wondered to himself.
“We’ve got trouble.” Suddenly, Dustin seemed to detect something. His head whipped up, and he stared intently down the street. The lights along the street briefly dimmed before they started to flicker.
In the blurriness, a figure could be seen coming towards them. When the lights came on, the figure disappeared, and when the lights went out, the figure materialized again. He approached closer each time the lights flickered, and in just a matter of seconds, the person appeared before the crowd. It was an old man with a black beard who wore a dark cloak. He was shrouded in a dark mist and emanated an air of demise.
“I–I–I… I know him! He’s Hades, God of the Underworld from the Hall of Gods!” Someone from the crowd exclaimed all of a sudden.
Chaos broke out instantly!
“Good heavens! Even Hades, God of the Underworld is here! What on earth is going on today?” The three Williams men were scared out of their wits and reduced to a flustered state.
The reason behind their shock was that Hades, God of the Underworld, was a royal god! His status and power far exceeded those of major gods like Athena and Ares. They were on two completely different levels. There was no mistake in saying that his presence in the Hall of Gods was unparalleled.
If the strongest of major gods were comparable to grandmasters in Dragonmarsh, then a royal god would be equivalent to the most superior of ultimate grandmasters. There were only a handful of
ultimate grandmasters in Dragonmarsh, and each of them was regarded as a national treasure. They usually busied themselves with protecting the country’s borders or guarding the palace grounds, and they rarely ever made public appearances.
The same could be said for the royal gods of the Hall of Gods. They were never deployed unless their nation’s security was at risk of being breached. Akin to nuclear weapons, they were more often used to intimidate and deter enemies rather than to engage in actual battles.
But today, it was truly beyond anyone’s imagination that the most elite person in Streuqua, a royal god from the Hall of Gods, would actually make an appearance here in Dragonmarsh! Were they here to initiate war?
“It’s been a long time, Mr. Rhys.” Hades took off his cloak and nodded at Rufus like he was greeting an old friend.
“The Hall of Gods has truly gone all out this time around! Even a royal god has been deployed! Wouldn’t it be a calamity if your nation lost you here?” Rufus raised a brow, looking as calm as
ever.
“Mr. Rhys, if you were in West Lucozia, it goes without saying that I would not act rashly. Unfortunately, you have chosen to leave your own safe zone, so don’t be surprised that we’re taking action,” Hades said with a smirk.
“Oh, so do you think that you’re able to kill me?” Rufus asked lightly.
“We’ve done our investigation. You only have a grandmaster guarding you now. Athena and the rest of them will be able to keep him busy. And that would leave me to deal with you alone, and I’m fairly certain I can take your life.” Hades was very confident in their plan.
There was an ace in the West Lucozian army who was extremely accomplished in his swordsmanship, and Hades knew that he was no match against that person. But luckily for them, person was not here today, so this was the best chance for the Hall of Gods to launch an attack on them.
that
As long as Rufus died, West Lucozia would be left without a leader, and Streuqua could boldly invade them, and they wouldn’t stand a chance. This was a vital step for them, and they would not allow themselves to fail!
“Since you already have everything planned out, come on then,” Rufus invited impassively. “Have your last look at the mortal realm, Mr. Rhys!”
###Chapter 362 by Marina Vittori
Hades mimicked a courteous Dragonmarshian gesture before he raised a hand and swiftly brought it downward. As a loud thunder boomed around them, the dark shadow of a palm the size of a hill materialized out of nowhere, and with the downward motion of Hades‘ hand, it too slammed down upon Rufus.
Under the enormous shadow, Rufus looked as tiny as an ant. Had the impact been brought down anywhere else, it would have reduced the entire medical center to a pile of rubble, much less any human.
“Boom!” Even from a great distance away, most of the Boulderthorn members fell to their knees and threw up blood from the remnant of the force. Vulnerable bystanders were always the ones who bore the brunt of the consequences whenever there were conflicts between those of greater power.
Ultimate grandmasters were basically nuclear weapons in human form! Just one move from them was enough to bring down mountains and cause the earth beneath their feet to part! Of course, these mere mortals would not be able to withstand it.
“Huh?” Dustin’s brows furrowed when he saw the huge shadow of a palm overhead. Just as he was hesitating on whether he should go ahead and make a move, an old man dressed in white emerged and pulled Rufus behind him.
At the same time, the old man emitted dazzling golden rays from his body, and a golden giant about 15 feet tall arose from behind him. In one swift motion, the giant’s fist made contact with the enormous palm–shaped shadow. With a reverberating bang, the shadow, which was about the size of a hill, instantly shattered into fine shards. The golden giant stood motionless and steady behind the old man, looking very much like a golden statue.
“Who are you?” Hades demanded maliciously. He had thought that they had their assassination plan down to a tee. It had never occurred to them that there would be a secret master hidden under their nose.
“You may call me Wilkins. I’m just a regular attendant in Aylka.” Though the old man had white hair, he had a childlike appearance. When he spoke, his gaze was cast downward to the ground, showing extreme humility and submission, and he lacked any sort of authority.
“Mr. Wilkins?” Hades squinted as he studied the man in front of him.
Then, it suddenly seemed to dawn on him. “Oh! I remember now. So you’re Nestor Wilkins? The legendary, unrivaled master within the palace gates?”
“That’s just a rumor. Nothing of the sort.” Still, the old man hung his head low, as if embarrassed.
“I do not care if that’s a rumor. I need you to get lost right now, or I’ll make sure you never get to see the next sunrise!” Hades ordered haughtily. They were in Dragonmarsh territory now, so he needed to get things done as fast as possible. The longer things dragged on, the higher their chances of failing were.
“I can’t.” Nestor shook his head. “I’ve come bearing two orders, and the first one is to protect the prince.”
1/2
“Oh? And what of the second one?” Hades asked nonchalantly.
“To annihilate the gods of Streuqua.” And as he spoke, Nestor suddenly disappeared into thin air. When he took form again, he stood right in front of Hades with less than three feet between them.
“Huh?” Hades blanched. He felt like he had fallen into an icy stream. His scalp crawled, and all his hair stood on end.
Just as he was about to make a move, Nestor grabbed him by the throat and lifted him up over his head. Hades stiffened all over, and he could not feel his limbs. He could not even lift a finger. Gasps of astonishment broke out all around as they saw how weak Hades was in this person’s hands.
“We have laws here. And when you’re in our territory, you’ve got to obey our laws. It doesn’t matter if you’re a human, a demon, or a god; if you break our laws, you will pay for it. Oh, and I forgot to mention, no gods allowed in Dragonmarsh!” And with that, Nestor’s grip on Hades‘ throat
tightened, and with a deafening crack, his neck was snapped in two. Hades ceased to exist right then and there.
###Chapter 363 by Marina Vittori
A deathly silence fell over the crowd. Even the fierce battle that raged on between Albert and the four major gods came to a standstill. Everyone gaped with disbelief as they watched on. Hades, the God of the Underworld, a royal god of the Hall of Gods, had died just like that? With just one move? By a mere mortal? How the hell was that possible?
He possessed powers no less than those of ultimate grandmasters and was a supreme expert in Streuqua! His level of destruction was supposed to be on the same level as nuclear weapons! But such an impressive person just had his neck snapped by an old man! How horrifying!
After a short moment of eerie silence, a commotion broke out.
“I wasn’t hallucinating, was I? A royal god from the Hall of Gods had just been killed in one move?” “Oh goodness! What’s going on? Am I dreaming?”
“An impressive fight! An impressive fight indeed!”
The members of Boulderthorn watched everything with their hearts in their mouths. From the Williams men to the guildmaster, Sir Lincoln, every one of them was gripped by fear. Who would have thought that an attendant was so mighty? Was this truly the power of the unrivaled master in the palace? He was fearsome!
“Lord Hades died?” Athena and the rest of the major gods were horrified by the sight before them. Their original plan had been to let the four of them hold the West Lucozian army back while Lord Hades delivered the fatal blow to Rufus.
They had predicted every possibility that could happen during the assassination, rehearsed a million times, and had a success rate of over 99%. But in all of their predictions, they had never expected Nestor to arrive so soon, and that even Lord Hades was no match for him. As much as they were unwilling to accept defeat, they had no means of denying it. They were utterly and completely defeated!
“Ares! Get out of here!” Athena hissed through clenched teeth as she made a dash for it.
“Damn it! We were so close!” Ares roared defiantly. However, he had no other choice but to escape along with his comrades. If the person was able to kill Lord Hades, then they clearly weren’t a match for him.
“Do you think that you can escape?” Nestor’s eyes narrowed before he disappeared once again. When he appeared again five minutes later, he held four heads in his hands.
Athena, Ares, Apollo, and Heracles… The four major gods from the Hall of Gods. Not a single one of them escaped. All four of them died at the hands of Nestor Wilkins.
The crowd inhaled sharply at the grotesque sight of four bloody heads hanging from his hands. To even have the chance of escaping was a luxury in and of itself in the face of true power. At that moment, Nestor was a person who was many times more daunting than any God they ever believed in.
With a dull thud, Nestor chucked the heads aside. Then, under the disbelieving gaze of the crowd, he got on one knee before Rufus and Dustin. “Nestor Wilkins at your service, Your Highness,
Prince of Theswe! And at your service, Your Grace!” With that, he bowed deeply with such humility towards them.
“What?” The crowd felt as if they had been struck by lightning and were all shocked silly. They had not even gotten over the fact that four major gods and a royal god had been killed today, and now they had even more surprising news to digest.
Never in their dreams had they ever imagined that the unrivaled master from the palace, someone who had killed Hades with just a single move, would get on his knees and bow to another person. in public.
How the hell was that possible? They had always known that only the strong were respected. The old man, Nestor, seemed almost invincible! He was definitely the most superior person in all of Dragonmarsh!
###Chapter 364 by Marina Vittori
A person as mighty as him should have been respected and admired by all, no matter where he went. His presence alone should be worshiped like that of a god, so why was he behaving so humbly?
“Prince of Theswe? Your Grace?” Clement stared dully, first at Rufus and then at Dustin. He felt an immense fear that he had never experienced before crept up on him and spread throughout his entire being.
There was only one person in the whole world who was known as the Prince of Theswe, and that person was the ruler of West Lucozia, the person who had total control over the Rhys household, and the one person who reigned Dragonmarsh. It was the remarkable Rufus Rhys. Could it be possible that the ugly and hunched old man was the indestructible Prince of Theswe?
At the thought of that, Clement was so terrified that he broke out in a cold sweat and looked as white as a sheet.
And if the hunched old man was the Prince of Theswe, then wouldn’t Dustin, who was addressed as “Your Grace“, be the son of the Prince of Theswe? Which would make him… the renowned Kirin, Logan Rhys?
Clement’s knees buckled, and he fell heavily to the ground on his backside. His face was ashen, and his gaze was full of despair. He wasn’t the only one reduced to such a state. By then, all three of the Williams men were also trembling and shaking in fear.
Brody, especially, quivered like a leaf, and his pants were dripping wet. He was so scared that he had wet himself! None of them had ever thought that the person they had assumed to be just a small fry would turn out to be the son of the Prince of Theswe! And they had offended him!
“Get up, Mr. Wilkins. What’s a grown man doing staying on his knees everywhere he goes? Oh, wait. I nearly forgot. You’re not a man, are you?” Rufus mocked with the hint of a smile teasing on his lips.
“Thank you, Your Highness.” Nestor’s eyes narrowed ever so slightly before he resumed his humble and submissive facade.
“You’ve come just in time today. You must have followed me the entire way here?” Rufus asked intentionally.
“The master was worried about your safety, Your Highness, so he sent me to secretly protect you along the way. I beg for your pardon ” Nestor lowered his head.
“To protect me? I’m sure you meant he sent you to spy on me?” Rufus smiled ambiguously.
“Please do not get the wrong idea, Sir. You are of esteemed status, and your identity dictates the destiny of the whole of Dragonmarsh. Even the slightest scratch or injury on you would threaten the fate of the nation,” Nestor explained humbly.
“Hah! What a good attendant you are!” Rufus reached out to give Nestor a pat on the back.
“Thank you, Your Highness.” Nestor nodded.
“We shouldn’t stay here any longer, Sir. Please return to West Lucozia immediately to ensure that
you face no mishap.”
“Oh? Are you telling me what to do now?” Rufus‘ expression darkened.
“I would never dare to.” Nestor held his head low.
“If you’re a servant, then act as a servant should. Don’t you ever dare tell me what to do, or you’ll be sorry,” Rufus warned.
“Yes, Your Highness.” Nestor remained submissive and kept his gaze fixed on the ground.
“Well, why are you still here? Get lost!” Rufus waved his hand impatiently.
“Yes, Sir,” Nestor answered.
Just as he was about to take his leave, he was stopped by Dustin. “Hold up! Did I say you could leave?”
“Do you have any orders, Your Grace?” Once again, Nestor kept his head low.
“Tell me, were you involved in the incident ten years ago?” Dustin asked coldly.
“I do not understand what you’re referring to, Your Grace.”
“Do you not understand, or are you feigning ignorance?” Dustin’s gaze was frosty, and killing intent was starting to surface.
“I’ll ask you one last time. Did you have anything to do with my mother’s death?”
“You must have been mistaken, Your Grace. I know nothing about it.” Nestor shook his head. “Who, in the whole of Aylka, could stop my mother, if not for you, an ultimate grandmaster?” Dustin clenched his fists, and fury burned within him.
“From what I know, the princess consort had passed on due to an ailment.” Nestor sidestepped.
“F*ck you and your ailments! Go to hell, vermin!” Dustin pulled out his sword and charged head- on toward him.
###Chapter 365 by Marina Vittori
With a whoosh, Dustin’s sword immediately emitted blinding rays. Swift as the wind and with such immense strength, he drove his sword toward Nestor’s chest.
Out of nowhere, an enormous and translucent golden bell came down out of the sky and landed around Nestor with a dull thud, shielding him from Dustin’s attack. As the tip of Dustin’s sword made contact with the golden bell, rings of ripples spread out from the point of contact as they would on the surface of the water.
There weren’t any sounds produced, no explosion, and not even so much as a tiny clang from the impact. The true energy that Dustin channeled was completely absorbed by the bell and did not harm Nestor at all.
“What are you doing, Your Grace?” Nestor’s expression remained unchanged.
“I’m doing away with you!” Dustin kicked himself off the ground and propelled himself forward, stabbing the golden bell forcefully. Strong ripples spread out across the bell once again, but still, it remained intact and did not even budge an inch from its position.
“Your Grace, I came bearing orders from the master. Do you think this is a good idea?” Nestor asked calmly.
Dustin did not say a word and merely drove his sword against the bell continuously. With his ceaseless effort, the bell gradually started to vibrate, and the ripples on it grew more violent.
After another ten stabs or so, Dustin’s sword suddenly snapped with a clang and fell to the ground noisily. It was just an ordinary sword that could not withstand the constant surges of true energy channeled from Dustin.
“That’s enough!” Rufus stopped Dustin when he saw that Dustin was still intent on attacking Nestor.
“You’re no match for him. There’s no point carrying on.”
“Who’s to say I’m no match for him? We’ll never know until we end this!” Dustin retorted defiantly. “He came under orders, and he has someone behind him. If anything were to happen to him here, you wouldn’t be able to bear the consequences!” Rufus warned him.
“So? Are you telling me that I should stand idly by and watch as my mother’s murderer walks away without doing anything?” Dustin’s eyes were bloodshot, and he looked much like a bloodthirsty beast.
“Hear me out, Logan. Now’s not the time yet.” Rufus shook his head. Nestor was the King’s most trusted guard. If, for any reason, he happened to die in their hands, it would have many repercussions.
He did not wish for his son to be entangled in the mess that took place all those years ago. At least, not yet; it was still not the time yet.
“Rufus Rhys, if you do not wish to be implicated, then just back off! I will take full responsibility and bear all the consequences of my actions today. This has nothing to do with the Rhys family!” Dustin roared menacingly before once again charging toward Nestor with his broken sword.
This time, Nestor no longer played the part of the defensive party. He removed the golden bell that shielded him from Dustin’s attacks and let Dustin do as he wished.
Just as Dustin was about to make contact with his target, a dragon cane parried his sword, blocking his advances.
“Mr. Logan! Please calm down! Many will die if you harm him!” Albert warned gravely.
“How dare you block me!” Dustin’s expression darkened even more. He looked feral and seemed intent on murdering anyone who dared stop him from achieving his goal of killing Nestor.
“Quit messing around, lad!” Gregory, who stood a little way to the back, called out to him.
“All this fighting is meaningless. If you really have a mind to get revenge, you might as well just march right up to Stonia and launch an attack on Aylka!”
Dustin clenched his jaws and took a deep breath when he heard that. Finally, he suppressed his urge to kill and backed off. Of course, he knew that Nestor was nothing more than a puppet and that there was someone else behind the scenes.
Gregory was right. If he really wanted revenge, he would have to go up to them with his head held high and kill openly without any restraints. He would make those who were in power in Aylka tremble with fear!
“What are you still standing around here for, scum? Get the hell out of here now!” Rufus struck Nestor harshly with his foot.
“I shall take my leave now,” Nestor said humbly before he nodded at them and turned to leave. But before he left, he deliberately turned back and shot Dustin a challenging glance.
“Listen up, Wilkins! I will personally go to Aylka for you in a year! I will fight you to the death at the highest fort in Aylka!” Dustin’s fury was overwhelming and unbridled.
“I await for your presence, Your Grace.” Nestor smiled curtly before quickly disappearing into the darkness.
“You acted too rashly, young man! Even though he’s just an attendant, he’s an unrivaled master in Aylka! The Sword Whisperer is the only person in the whole of West Lucozia who can put up a fight against him! Did you really think that it would be so easy to kill him?” Gregory asked huffily.
His words seemed to have more effect on Dustin than Rufus‘.
“Of course, I know that it wouldn’t be easy to kill him off. I was just putting on a show.” The resentful and feral expression on his face had completely dissolved away and was instead replaced by his usual calmness and nonchalance.
“Putting on a show?” Gregory did not understand what he meant.
“A decade ago, he designed such an intricate scheme just to do away with me. I do not believe that his desire to get rid of me will change after a decade. If I did not make a move earlier on, he’d still find a means of assessing me. If that were the case, I’d much rather make the first move and show him what a vengeful and aggressive young rascal I am,” Dustin said aloofly.
“Have you been acting the whole time, lad?” Gregory quickly caught on to what he meant.
“Not exactly acting. I was dead serious about wanting to do him in. I simply made myself seem
more impulsive and quick–tempered, and I also showed him how little progress I’ve made over the years so that they would not be too wary and guarded against me.” Dustin looked up calmly into the sky with bright eyes. He had ten years of practice that allowed him to mask his emotions and not let anyone see past his true feelings.
“The strong show weakness to their enemies, whereas the weak show strength. Well done, young man! You truly have some tricks up your sleeves!” Gregory laughed heartily.
“Hah! He takes after his father!” Rufus lifted his chin proudly.
Dustin paid him no heed and raised his sword. With a quick swish, he brought his sword down in an arc, and Clement, who had been secretly attempting to escape, was sliced in half.
“Pl–please don’t kill me… I’m begging you, please don’t-” Luther and his two sons were begging on their knees as tears ran down their faces. But before they could even finish their words, Dustin brought his sword down on them, and all three of them were beheaded.
“I gave you lots of chances, but you never treasured them.” And then, he turned around and walked into the center as though nothing had ever happened.
“Albert, spare no one,” Rufus ordered impassively.
“Yes, Sir.” Albert nodded. Then, a murderous glint flashed in his eyes as he turned to face the members of Royal Valor. He looked like a ravenous beast who had spotted a flock of lambs. They were going to pay with their lives for angering Rufus!
###Chapter 366 by Marina Vittori
After he left Peaceful Medical Center, Nestor quickly got into a car. The driver was a pale young man with handsome features who had a layer of thick makeup and bright red lipstick. It was hard to identify his gender at first glance.
“Who would have thought that Logan Rhys would have gone into hiding in such a pathetic medical center for the past ten years that he’d been missing, Mr. Wilkins? And it seems like he’s still very much hung up on the incident back then. Should I put an end to him when the opportunity arises so that we won’t get into any trouble with him in the future?” The pale man had a shrill voice that carried a hint of malice.
“We can’t kill him yet,” Nestor said calmly with his eyes closed. “So long as Rufus is still in power, nobody will be able to harm him.”
“Every mortal goes through life and death, Sir. I promise I’ll make his death look so natural that nobody will suspect anything amiss.” The pale man chuckled venomously.
“Don’t be silly. Things aren’t as simple as you make them out to be.” Nestor shook his head. “Do you know why Rufus willingly stayed cooped up in West Lucozia serving our master when he has such impressive skills and a troop of 500,000 men at his disposal?”
“Of course, it’s because he’s intimidated by our majestic and powerful master!” The pale man declared proudly.
“It’s partially true that he’s intimidated, but more importantly, it’s because he’s worried about the potential consequences.” Nestor gave a slight smile. “As long as the so–called Kirin is around, Rufus will never take action, no matter how ambitious he is. On the contrary, Rufus would be an uncontrollable beast with nothing left to lose once his son was dead. And when that day comes, Stonia’s destiny will be rewritten.”
When the Princess Consort of West Lucozia died a decade ago, Rufus had attempted to deploy his armies from the borders several times. But in the end, he always held back.
Was the reason behind it because he feared death? Or was it because he feared the King? What a joke! The true reason behind his retreat was to protect Logan. Simply put, the influential and great Prince of Theswe only had one last precious treasure left, and that was his son, Logan. If anything were to happen to him, mayhem would break out in Stonia.
“Sir, I’m just worried that when Logan returns to West Lucozia and inherits the throne, it’ll bring great disaster upon us!” The pale man reminded Nestor.
“Hah! The so–called Kirin that people claimed to be an unrivaled genius is just a rascal who’s still wet behind the ears. He’s impulsive and easily angered; he’s utterly transparent. Even if a person like him inherits the throne, he’d just be a reckless man who does not warrant our fear. I’m certain. that once Rufus Rhys dies, the entire Rhys family, and even the whole of West Lucozia, will fall apart and end up in a mess!” Nestor smiled vilely.
“But Rufus is only in his fifties. What if he still has a long life ahead of him? Will we continue living in fear for another twenty or thirty years to come?” The pale man frowned.
“It wouldn’t take so long. Just wait. Things will soon come to an end.” A meaningful smirk crept
1/2
Chapter 366
up on Nestor’s face. The master had waited for ten years; it was ten years‘ worth of laying out their tactics. It was almost time to carry out their plan and reap the fruits of their labor.
When Dustin woke up the next morning, the medical center had been thoroughly cleaned, both inside and out. All traces of the fight that took place the night prior had vanished, and all relevant information had been hidden away.
Everything was as calm and peaceful as before..
“Lad, your father has returned to West Lucozia.” Gregory walked down the stairs toward him. As opposed to his usual drunken state, he seemed exceptionally sober today.
###Chapter 367 by Marina Vittori
“He should have left long ago. He’s only going to bring us trouble if he stays here,” Dustin said frostily.
“Before your father left, he asked me to talk you into returning to the Rhys family. I refused.” Gregory sat down on a chair and poured himself a cup of tea.
“I told him that the Rhys household is a dangerous place to be in. I’d much rather see you do what you love and live your best life out here than be constantly caught in power struggles and deceitful manipulations back there. Surprisingly, he agreed. He told me that all he wants is for you to be happy, and that the Rhys family will always be there to back you up. His only wish is for you to make time to go back and visit your mother’s grave to pay her respect.”
Dustin stood there, frozen in place, when he heard that. He felt a prick on his chest, right above his heart. He reached up to find that it was the crystal necklace that his mother had left him.
Taking in a deep breath, he said, “I’ll go back. But now’s not the time. The day the murderer pays with his life will be the day I return!”
Because how could he visit his mother’s grave now knowing that her death has yet to be avenged?
“Alright then, I’ve said all that’s left to be said. You make your own decision.” Then Gregory downed the cup of tea and went upstairs, ready to go back to bed again. As for Dustin, he sat on a chair and started to ponder over his great vengeance scheme.
“What’s on your mind?” Dahlia walked in and waved a hand in front of Dustin’s face.
“Hey, when did you come in?” Dustin was surprised to see her.
“You didn’t even see me coming in? What are you so lost in thought over? Is it me you’re thinking about, or is it Natasha that’s occupying your thoughts?” Dahlia probed inquisitively.
“Neither.” Dustin shook his head. That was a trick question, and he knew better than to answer it. “Oh? Is there someone else that you’ve got your mind on?” Dahlia asked, looking at him questioningly.
“Of course not!” Dustin was amused by Dahlia’s question.
Then, he quickly changed the topic. “Did you come here so early in the morning to ask me about this?”
“Hah! Do you think I have nothing better to do with my time?” Dahlia rolled her eyes at him. “I’ve come to share some good news! The Nicholson family in Glenstead has finally accepted our family again! We’ll be reunified. From now on, we’ll be scions of a prestigious family!”
“Oh? Is that so? Well, congratulations!” Dustin chuckled.
“That’s not all!” Dahlia smiled proudly. “Not only have we been accepted to return, but the patriarch of the family, Regulus Nicholson, has also listed me as a potential successor! I’ll stand a chance of competing against the rest of his offspring as the future head of the household!”
“So what you mean, is that as long as you perform well, you stand a chance of becoming the head of a prominent family?” Dustin was quick to catch on.
Chapter 367
“Precisely!” Dahlia snapped her fingers and giggled excitedly. “So many people dream about being listed as potential successors of the family. I never would have guessed that the patriarch would choose me! What a pleasant surprise!”
Truth be told, she hadn’t held high hopes of being reunited with the Nicholson family of Glenstead. She knew that even if she were to return to the prestigious family, she would not be properly recognized or appreciated as she wasn’t part of the direct lineage.
But things were different now. To be selected as a potential successor was a big deal.. It put her at a different standing and status from all the other descendants who weren’t on the list. This was her one chance to take control of her destiny and break free from the oppression of her family. All she needed to do was prove her worth and defeat her competitors, and she’d be able to emerge as a successor and rise above them all.
“Congratulations! Seems like the patriarch is placing great importance on your family!” Dustin smiled.
“Well, of course!” Dahlia lifted her chin confidently. “Now that the chance presents itself, you better butter me up nice and well or you’ll be sorry you missed the opportunity to do so when I become the successor!”
###Chapter 368 by Marina Vittori
Amused by Dahlia’s antics, Dustin chuckled and nodded furiously in a joking manner. “Ah, yes! All hail, Ms. Nicholson! The ever–capable and talented Ms. Nicholson is bound to be the leader of a prominent household one day!” Then, he even went so far as to pump his fist in the air dramatically to entertain her.
“Hey! Quit fooling around! I’m being serious here! As long as I become the matriarch of the Nicholson family, I’ll be even more influential than Natasha Harmon! And when the time comes, I’ll take good care of you!” Dahlia raised her chin and declared confidently.
Anyone could tell that she was full of hope and determination. In the past, Dahlia had always felt inferior compared to Natasha due to their differences in background and social status. But now that she was a potential successor to the Nicholson family, she was on par with her, and they would have to vie for Dustin according to their abilities.
Right then, Dahlia’s phone rang. She answered the call and quickly heard Florence’s voice.” Honey, where are you? Come back immediately. Madam Gloria from the Nicholson family in Glenstead is here to see you.”
”
“Madam Gloria? Why is she here?” Dahlia tried to gather more information to grasp the situation over at Florence’s.
Regulus Nicholson, the patriarch of the family, had been a remarkably outstanding man in his youth, and he had married three wives. His first wife was over 70 years old, and both his second and third wives were more than 60 years old. Gloria Gustav was his third wife.
“Haven’t you been selected as a potential successor of the family? I’m sure Madam Gloria is here to cozy up to you. You’re in luck!” Florence exclaimed excitedly.
“Okay. I’ll head home right away.” Dahlia ended the call, and without saying anything else, she led Dustin out the door with her.
“What? I’m going too?” Dustin was caught off guard.
“You’re part of the family too, aren’t you? So why not?” Dahlia retorted.
“But…”
“Alright, cut the chit–chat! This is your chance to gain favor from an influential person!” And with that, Dahlia dragged Dustin along with her and got into the car. One had to be assertive and dominant with men occasionally. At least that’s what she read.
Half an hour later, they pulled up at the entrance to the Nicholson villa. When they got out of the car and went in, they found that there was already quite a crowd in the living room. An old lady with thick make–up who was heavily adorned with all sorts of jewelry sat at the center of the crowd. She even had a serpent–head cane clutched in one of her hands.
Dakota and Jane sat to either side of her, regarding her with such reverence and respect, while Florence and James only stood by the side, appearing exceptionally meek. They looked like household staff who were waiting on her when they were, in fact, the rightful owners of the place. “Honey, you’re finally home!” Florence quickly went up to Dahlia when she saw her. However, just
as she was about to continue, she caught sight of Dustin following in behind Dahlia. Her expression immediately darkened as she hissed, “Who asked for you to be here, Rhys! I haven’t made you pay for the fake gemstone your father gave me yesterday! How dare you show your face here today?”
“Fake gemstone?” Dustin raised a brow at that. “Are you mistaken? Rufus might be a degenerate, but he’d never stoop so low as to fool others with fake goods.”
“Hah! How dare you make excuses! I sent Julie to have the gemstone appraised, and they confirmed that it was a synthetic gemstone! I’m warning you, you better pay for my loss! I won’t back off without at least 5 million dollars!” Florence demanded meanly.
“Mom, there might be some misunderstanding going on.” Dahlia tried to smooth things over between them.
“Hah! What misunderstanding could there be? We have already proven that it’s a fake gemstone! His entire family is full of swindlers!” Florence spat angrily.
“Hey! What are you bunch bickering about? Don’t you see that my grandma is here? Get over here and pay your respects!” Dakota barked impatiently from the couch. How dare they whisper and chat among themselves when her grandmother was right there in the center of the living room? Didn’t they know that they should greet her and pay their respects to her first? How rude!
“Hmph! I’m not done with you yet!” Florence glared at Dustin angrily. But when she turned towards Gloria, there was a bright smile on her face once again. Dustin shook his head at her subservient attitude.
“Dahlia, this is Madam Gloria. She’s an important person in the Nicholson family!” Florence gestured towards the heavily made–up old lady fawningly.
“It is an honor to meet you, Madam Gloria.” Dahlia nodded at Gloria respectively. From the looks of it, Gloria did not look like someone who was nice to be around.
“Tea.” Gloria sat in the middle of the living room with her hands on her cane, looking
condescending and arrogant.
“Quick! Serve Madam Gloria some tea!” Florence immediately signaled Dahlia.
Dahlia nodded, poured a cup of tea, and handed it to Gloria respectfully.
“Is this how you serve tea? Have you no manners?” Gloria asked darkly.
“What?” Dahlia did not understand what she meant by that.
“Grandma, this is just how uncultured people behave. They do not know how to conduct themselves befitting of elite families like ours.” Dakota smirked.
“Dahlia Nicholson, don’t you know that in the Nicholson family, it’s customary for one to stand behind their elders and serve them tea with both hands from behind? That’s how you show your respect and sincerity.”
“Standing behind them and serving tea from behind?” Dahlia frowned. Does anyone still do that these days? She wasn’t a maid–in–waiting, for goodness‘ sake!
“What? You’re not willing to do so? It looks like you’re being disrespectful to my grandma!” Dakota remarked snidely.
“No, no! That’s definitely not the case!” Florence waved her hands quickly.
“Dahlia’s just not used to these customs. Please do not get angry, Madam Gloria. I’ll serve you tea.” Flustered, Florence took the tea from Dahlia and went around to stand behind Gloria, serving her tea respectfully with both hands.
“Who do you think you are? Do you think you’re even fit to serve me tea?” Gloria looked at Florence with such contempt, clearly having no intention to take the cup of tea from her.
“Well…” Florence’s smile stiffened as she stood there awkwardly. In the end, she had no choice but to turn to Dahlia. “Honey, quick, serve Madam Gloria her tea. It makes perfect sense for you to serve your elders tea.”
Dahlia’s brows knitted together tightly as she looked at Florence pleadingly. Finally, she gave in. She took a cup of tea and stood behind Gloria, and then served it to her with both hands in the most respectful manner.
“Hmph! We should have done this right from the start to save us all the hassle!” Dakota gloated with a smirk on her face.
“Don’t you always behave like you’re all that? Where’s the proud act you always got? But after all that, you still have to humble yourself and serve my grandma tea!” Dakota thought to herself gleefully.
As Dahlia stood behind Gloria and served her the tea, Gloria did not take it immediately. Instead, she let Dahlia stand there for some time before she slowly reached out to take the cup of tea. She took a small sip, turned around, and spat it all on Dahlia’s face.
“Hey! Are you trying to scald me with such hot tea?” Gloria slammed her hand furiously on the table and shot to her feet, accusing Dahlia nastily.
###Chapter 369 by Marina Vittori
At the sight of the cold glare Gloria shot her, Dahlia frowned, and her expression darkened too. This was no longer about paying respect or following customary practices. When Gloria spat the tea on her face, she made it clear that she was blatantly insulting her. She was here to flex her authority over Dahlia and exert dominance over them all!
“What’s wrong with you, Dahlia? Grandma asked for tea, and you served it to her boiling hot? Did you do it on purpose?” Dakota started to pin the blame relentlessly on Dahlia once she saw the opportunity.
“I think someone’s just not happy with us and is deliberately trying to make things difficult!” Jane echoed.
“No, no, no! Dahlia did not do it on purpose! Besides, I’ve had the tea too, it isn’t boiling hot!” Florence quickly tried to salvage the situation.
“Oh, so what you’re saying is that I’m lying?” Gloria’s expression was as cold as ice.
“N–no! I–I must have been mistaken. I’m sure the problem is with me,” Florence said apologetically with an awkward laugh. She dared not refute Gloria’s words.
Gloria, Jane, and Dakota were secretly pleased by her response. After all, their main purpose there was to flaunt their dominance so that Dahlia and her family would learn to submit to them.
“Why are you still standing there, Dahlia? Pour Grandma another cup of tea!” Dakota ordered huffily. She really could not fathom why the patriarch would pick this woman to be a potential. successor to the family. Even Dakota herself did not have such privilege, so she was both livid and green with envy.
“Sure, sure! I’ll pour another cup right away.” Not daring to stall any longer, Florence immediately brought a fresh cup of tea over and handed it to Dahlia, beckoning for her to serve Gloria the tea again. Dahlia, however, did not take the cup of tea. She could tell from their actions that they were intentionally being difficult and finding fault with her.
“What? Do you think that you’re above all of us?” Gloria shot her a nasty side–eye. “If you can’t even perform these basic practices, then I think you’re really unfit to be the successor of the family!”
As she said that, she pulled out a document and slapped it on the table. “Have you any idea what this is? This is your letter of authorization. The family has a conglomerate with a market value of over 10 billion in the southern province. You have initially been nominated as president to further expand the group, but from what I’ve seen today, you do not seem worthy of the position.” Gloria looked down on Dahlia dismissively.
“A conglomerate worth over 10 billion?” Florence’s breathing became erratic when she heard that. If her daughter were to become president of a conglomerate worth over 10 billion dollars, it would drastically improve the family’s status and lifestyle!
“Dahlia! Quick! Serve Madam Gloria her tea now!” Florence urged, signaling to Dahlia as best she could. This was the opportunity of a lifetime! She’d never let her pass it up! So what if she was humiliated? What did it matter anyway when there were 10 billion dollars involved?
“Dahlia, keep your eyes on the prize!” James urged her too. If he were to be known as the brother
1/2
of the president of a 10 billion dollar conglomerate, all the beautiful women out there would eagerly flock to him in a heartbeat!
When Dahlia saw the expectant look in her mother’s and brother’s eyes, she drew a deep breath and finally picked up the cup of tea and served it to Gloria. And then, beyond everyone’s expectations, she took a sip and spat it all on Dahlia’s face once again.
“It’s tèpid,” she said impassively.
By then, even Florence and James could tell that something was amiss. First, she said that it scalded her, and now, she complained that it was tepid. Was it really tea that she was after? It was obvious to everyone that she was deliberately putting on a show to put Dahlia in a difficult position.
“Well, why are you idling? Get Grandma another cup!” Dakota commanded haughtily with a subtle smile.
“So what if you’re chosen as a potential successor? We still have you under our thumb!” Dakota thought to herself smugly.
“Fine,” Dahlia said nonchalantly.
###Chapter 370 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia seemed adamant about getting things over and done with. But just as she picked up the third cup of tea and was about to serve it, someone’s hand stopped her. She turned around and found that it was Dustin. With a frosty expression, he said, “Let me do it this time.”
“You?” Dahlia did not understand what he was playing at. Knowing him, he wasn’t one to bow down to others‘ wishes easily. Could he be doing this for her?
“Who do you think you are? Do you think you are even fit to serve Grandma tea?” Dakota questioned arrogantly. She was here to shame Dahlia, not this good–for–nothing scumbag. “Hmph! You uncultured folks! How dare you speak in my presence?” Gloria lifted her chin, obviously dissatisfied.
“It’s just a cup of tea, what difference does it make who serves you? I’m in an absolutely brilliant mood today, so I’ll personally serve you your tea. Here.” Dustin picked up the cup and walked up to Gloria.
Then, under everyone’s disbelieving gaze, he emptied the entire cup over Gloria’s head. Everything rained down on her–tea, leaves, and all. Her whole face was wet, with tea leaves sticking all over.
For a moment, there was pin–drop silence in the living room. Nobody had expected Dustin to pull such a reckless move. This was one of the most influential members of the Nicholson family. She was Regulus‘ third wife! Wherever she went, she was admired and respected by all. When had she ever been disgraced as such?
“Dustin! How dare you!” Dakota was the first to react. “You must be out of your goddamn mind! How dare you humiliate Grandma like this!”
“Y–you! Dimwitted swine! Have you any idea what a grave mistake you’ve committed?” Gloria glared at him with such vengeance. Her body shook with anger. Having been in authority in such a prominent family for so long, she was used to humiliating others, never the other way around. “My, such a fiery temper. I guess one cup isn’t enough to do the job. Here, have another.” Dustin smiled mirthlessly and poured a glass of piping hot water before splashing it on Gloria’s face.
“Ah-!” Gloria shrieked in agony as the water scalded her. The effect was almost immediate, and one side of her face soon became red and swollen. In hindsight, it looked pretty ridiculous and amusing.
“Do you see this? This is what I call boiling hot water,” Dustin said condescendingly as if educating them.
“Rhys! Have you gone mad? How dare you harm them?” Florence exclaimed in a state of shock and anger. It was bad enough that he had poured the first cup of tea on her. To pour a second cup, which was boiling hot, was simply too much!
“When did I ever harm anyone? I’m merely serving an elder her tea.” Dustin shrugged.
Every family had its own rules. He understood that. If she only made Dahlia serve her tea as was customary in the family’s practices, he could let that slip. But it was plain for all to see that Gloria
had shamed Dahlia on purpose by spitting the tea on Dahlia, and he damn well wasn’t going to sit by and watch her do as she pleased.
“Guards! Where are my guards?” Gloria roared in a seething rage. Within seconds, two of her bodyguards, who stood guard outside the door, rushed in.
“How dare this insolent brat touch me? Guards, beat him up! He needs a good beating to teach him some manners!” Gloria roared.
“Yes, Ma’am!” The two bodyguards received their orders from Gloria and were ready to bring Dustin down. But they had barely approached him when Dustin gave them each a strong slap and sent them flying across the room, passed out on the spot.
“It isn’t good practice to use your age as leverage. Dahlia is a potential successor of the family. What good will it do you to disgrace her in public like this? Have you ever considered what consequences you’ll face if she ever becomes the next matriarch? Everyone gets old one day, but it’s important to maintain your clarity and make wise choices. If you insist on being unreasonable and making things difficult, don’t be surprised when I take action.”
###Chapter 371 by Marina Vittori
Florence and the others present were stunned into silence as they took in Dustin’s righteous speech. Their faces were etched with disbelief. How dare he humiliate the highly respected third matriarch of the Nicholsons in public!
“You… insolent brat! You? Teach me a lesson? Do you know I can bring your family to ruins with just one word?” Gloria cradled her burning face as she screeched in anger, losing her previous dignified elegance.
“You can try.” Dustin showed no signs of fear. “Hah!” Gloria exclaimed in anger before dissolving into scornful laughter. “Oh, Florence, what a great family you have. I came all the way here to Swinton just to elevate your family to a higher status. And yet, you’re not only ungrateful, but you dare rebel against me? I believe this letter of appointment would have better use for another person! Since you’re not interested in assuming the role of Chairman at Cardinal Group, I’ll have the family patriarch revoke the appointment.”
As Gloria pulled out her phone, Florence panicked and fell to her knees with a thud. She begged, ” Madam Gloria, let’s not be rash, shall we? This punk has nothing to do with us. You can’t put the blame on us for his actions.”
Dakota interjected, “Don’t listen to her nonsense, Grandma! This guy is their son–in–law!” “Ex–ex–son–in–law! They got a divorce a long time ago!” Florence corrected her vehemently.
“Hmph! No one cares about your complicated relationships! Since he’d already married into the Nicholsons, he’s a part of your family!” Gloria continued with a dark expression, “Your family had better give us a satisfied response; otherwise, we are no longer family!”
“R–right! I’ll have him apologize immediately!” Florence nodded incessantly and turned toward Dustin. She bellowed, “Rhys! Why are you still standing there? Hurry up and get on your knees!” “You can kneel all you want. I’m not about to indulge her,” Dustin said lazily.
“D–did you hear that? Did you? This brat has no manners!” Gloria was irritated to her core.
“Bastard! I told you to apologize!” As Florence erupted in fury, she stood up and was about to land a heavy slap when Dustin grabbed hold of her hand.
He gritted his teeth and said coldly, “Don’t involve me in your buttering–up scheme!” He threw her aside forcefully.
Florence staggered back two steps, almost losing her balance. Her anger reached a tipping point. Wow! Did you just lay your hands on me? Dahlia! Look! This is the kind of man you love!” “Enough!” Dahlia shot up and glared at Gloria and her group.
“Madam Gloria, I’m not sure about your purpose for visiting. If you’re here for a serious matter, please get to the point. I believe it’s pointless if you’re just here to show off your authority.” Even though Dahlia was grateful for the opportunity, that didn’t mean she would let them walk all over
her.
“Dahlia Nicholson, how bold of you! How dare you use that tone with Grandma?” Dakota reprimanded her severely.
Dahlia replied calmly, “What’s wrong with my tone? I’m just asking for an explanation. If the family patriarch thinks I’m not fit for the position, I have no qualms for him to revoke the appointment.”
“You …” Dakota was about to start a new tirade when Gloria raised her hand and interrupted her. “Alright, since you wish to discuss serious matters, we’ll follow the usual discourse!” Gloria backed off at the mention of the family patriarch, but her expression remained hostile.
“Even though the family patriarch has appointed you the chairman of Cardinal Group, there’s a condition. You have to prove you have what it takes to assume control of Cardinal Group.”
“And how should I do that?” Dahlia asked.
“It’s simple. The company is in the midst of an important expansion and is in urgent need of funds amounting to one billion. You’ll pass the test once you manage to secure one billion in investments.”
“One billion?”
###Chapter 372 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia frowned, for it wasn’t a small amount. In the whole of Swinton, there were only a few individuals who had one billion in liquid assets to withdraw from.
“Of course, if you’re unable to secure the investment funds needed, please step aside and make way for someone more deserving. We don’t want you hindering the company’s development.” Gloria sneered.
In truth, she was the one who set the conditions for a one billion investment fund, not the family patriarch. She didn’t wish for an outsider to hold that much authority. That was why she came up with the idea to make her step aside on her own accord. She would also be able to give a good explanation when questioned by the family patriarch.
“Why are you silent? Don’t tell me you can’t even manage such a small matter?” She taunted on purpose.
“Hmph! If you can’t do it. I’ll take on the role of chairman instead.” Dakota raised her head arrogantly. With her connections and Gloria’s help, one billion wouldn’t be hard to secure.
Dustin suddenly spoke, “Who said she couldn’t manage? It’s only one billion. We’ll get it done in three days!”
“Three days? Are you crazy?” Florence almost jumped out of her skin. “How on earth will we secure one billion in three days? That’s a huge amount! Thirty days would be more reasonable!” Dahlia’s brows knitted. “Dustin, where would I get one billion in just three days?” Securing one billion already posed a challenge, but now, she had to secure it within three days. It was practically impossible.
“Not to worry. Leave it to me. I’ll make sure to get it done.” Dustin smiled assuringly.
“Alright. You’re the one who promised. I’m giving you exactly three days.” Gloria’s eyes sparkled, and she sneered. “If you can’t do it within three days. All of you will get the fuck out of this family! “With that, she left with the aid of her cane, not allowing them any space for a rebuttal.
“Hah, what a joke! One billion in three days? Don’t be naive, you’re not that rich!” After mocking them, Dakota and Jane followed Gloria.
It was impossible for both of them to achieve such a feat, not to mention Dahlia. They believed Dustin was only trying to show off and said so in a moment of indignance. However, that just made him appear childish to them.
After they left, Florence burst out in anger, “Rhys! What makes you think you can just agree to their conditions on your own? Do you know that once we fail, Dahlia will lose her position as chairman of Cardinal Group? Are you bringing us down on purpose?”
Dustin explained, “If we didn’t agree, Dahlia’s position as chairman would be threatened either way.”
“Hah! Easy for you to say. Even if money fell from the sky, we wouldn’t be able to secure one billion in three days!” Florence exclaimed in frustration.
Dustin responded calmly, “Since I agreed, naturally, that means I’m confident. Just leave it to me.”
“Leave it to you? Who do you think you are? You just own a shabby medical center. Do you really think you’re someone of high status?” Florence admonished him.
“Hah! If you do manage to accomplish the feat, I’ll get on my knees and kiss your feet!” James looked at him in contempt.
“Great, that’s a deal.” Dustin flashed a smile.
###Chapter 373 by Marina Vittori
Dustin walked out of Nicholson Villa and was about to make a call when his phone rang. It was from Roderick Brooks.
Dustin answered, “Hello, Mr. Brooks, I was just about to go look for you. It’s such a coincidence that you called first.”
“Oh? Is there anything I can help you with, Mr. Rhys?” Roderick was taken aback.
“I have a friend who got into some trouble and needs a sum of money. Would it be possible for me to borrow money from you?” Dustin asked.
“Phew, you scared me. I thought it was something serious. It turns out you just need money. Of course. I might not have much of anything else, but I definitely have money. How much does your friend need?” Roderick breathed a sigh of relief.
“One billion.”
“No problem. I’ll send it to you tomorrow.”
“Thank you, Mr. Brooks.”
“No need to be so polite, Mr. Rhys. You were the one who treated my recurring illness!”
“Congratulations again. Right, is there a reason you called me?” Dustin changed the subject.
“Mr. Rhys, didn’t you have me be on the lookout for a few precious herbs? I just heard that neighboring Alorith recently put out a few treasures. Apparently, the Heliotrope you’re looking for, which is also known as the thousand–year green lotus, is among them.”
Roderick’s revelation caught Dustin off guard. “A thousand–year green lotus? Are you sure?” His eyes widened. He only lacked three more precious herbs to produce Longevitum–the flower of Crimson Gem, Cherusia, and the thousand–year green lotus. Each item was an extremely precious treasure that was hard to come by. It came as a happy surprise to him to hear news about the thousand–year green lotus in such a short time.
“It should be true. Anyway, that was how they advertised the auction. Even members of the
Stoneray Order are heading there. As for the specifics, we won’t know until we get there.”
Roderick was careful with his words, afraid of giving the wrong information.
“Alright, I hope it won’t trouble you to accompany me to the venue.”
“It would be my honor!”
Since Alorith was neighboring Swinton, the journey wasn’t far, and it only took two hours by car. As they made casual conversation in Roderick’s car, it didn’t take long before they finally arrived at their destination.
The venue was an underground auction house, and the place teemed with a diverse crowd and a vast array of treasures. They had almost everything one desired, albeit at a higher price.
“Mr. Rhys, after you.” Roderick led Dustin personally as they headed inside the auction house.
1/2
At the moment, the venue was a roaring hubbub of voices. Prices rose rapidly from the intense bidding as items were brought on stage one after the other. It was clear that Roderick had made preparations in advance since they both took a seat in the front row.
“Mr. Rhys, we’re in luck. It seems like they haven’t started the bidding for the thousand–year green lotus.” Roderick silently breathed a sigh of relief.
“It’s always best to come at the right time instead of coming early.” Dustin smiled.
“Hey! Are you two here for the thousand–year green lotus too?” At that moment, a young woman seated beside them suddenly spoke. She was wearing a baseball cap and had a lollipop in her mouth. She was also dressed in branded items from head to toe and had a beautiful appearance. However, she seemed to carry a hint of rebelliousness within her.
“That’s right. A thousand–year green lotus is a rare find. Naturally, we wouldn’t miss it for anything.” Dustin nodded in response.
“Hmph! Let me tell you, I already have it in my bag, so it’ll be best to give up!” The woman in the baseball cap said coldly.
Roderick plastered on a smile. “Miss, aren’t you too confident to declare it as your item when the bidding hasn’t started yet?”
“Confidence comes from power. As long as it’s something I want, I will definitely get it. You two, don’t say I didn’t warn you. You better not challenge me, lest you humiliate yourselves.” She cocked her head to one side.
Roderick chuckled. “You have a rough temper for your age.”
He had seen his fair share of wealthy daughters like her, who thought they could show off all because of their minuscule wealth.
How naive!
###Chapter 374 by Marina Vittori
“Don’t believe me? Let’s see what happens!” The woman in the baseball cap pursed her lips in disdain, while Dustin and Roderick only smiled back in response.
As time went on, the auction neared its end, and the remaining highly prized items were brought up on stage. Among them, was the long–awaited thousand–year green lotus everyone coveted.
“Ladies and gentlemen, our next item on auction is an extremely rare, precious herb that has thrived for a thousand years. This item is known as the thousand–year green lotus!”
With a wave from the auctioneer, a wooden box was brought forward with great care. As the box opened, one translucent and gleaming green lotus was revealed. While its petals were colored green, its core shimmered gold. It appeared to be the epitome of perfection, resembling a delicate work of art as its beauty captivated everyone present. Under the illumination of lights, its colors shone brilliantly. It was truly a sight to behold.
“It really is the thousand–year green lotus. I’m taking this baby home for sure!” The woman’s eyes sparkled, and she looked excited. Not only she, but the rest of the bidders had a similar look on their faces.
“Now that everyone has seen the precious item, I believe you have a sense of its value. The
starting bid for the thousand–year green lotus is 100 million, with subsequent raises of not less than 5 million. Let’s begin.”
As soon as the auctioneer announced the start of the bidding, the scene erupted into a frenzy.
“120 million!”
“130 million!”
“No one gets in my way! 150 million here!”
Bidding calls drowned out each other as a growing number of wealthy individuals eagerly joined the fray. Equipped with sizable funds, they had come prepared. That was because it was widely understood that the thousand–year green lotus held immeasurable value and that whoever won the bid would be able to receive substantial returns just from reselling it.
In a world abundant with wealth, precious herbs like these that could prolong life were highly favored, especially by the elderly tycoons. It didn’t matter, even if that meant staking their entire fortunes.
“500 million here!” A man in a long–sleeved shirt suddenly raised his paddle. His commanding voice reverberated through the room, instantly overshadowing the voices of the crowd.
“This thousand–year green lotus belongs to the Stoneray Order. Don’t try to take it from me!” The man scrutinized his surroundings, his gaze menacing.
Those who caught his gaze instinctively lowered their heads, not daring to look him straight in the eyes. Not many dared to offend the Stoneray Order, as they were Millsburg’s most influential group. Even though the item on auction was a precious treasure, it paled in comparison to their lives and wealth.
“Are the Stoneray Order all that? I’m bidding 800 million!” In the face of the silent crowd, the woman in the baseball cap suddenly raised her paddle. Her arrogant demeanor clearly showed her lack of respect for the members of the order.
The man’s expression turned grim. “Little brat, who do you think you are? How dare you challenge the Stoneray Order!”
“My name is Jayla Grant. I’m Tyler Grant’s sister!” She declared coolly.
###Chapter 375 by Marina Vittori
“Tyler Grant?!” The crowd erupted in an uproar with her reveal. Everyone in Southern Province knew of Tyler Grant. He was the rising new general of Dragonmarsh. A true prodigy, he had recorded numerous military achievements at a young age and was given the nickname General Lionheart, holding the third–highest rank in the military. Among the younger generation in the entire Southern province, he stood as the leader.
Some influential figures even proclaimed that his achievements in the future would rival those of the God of War, Adam Spanner! The Grant family was already known for being part of the Tremendous Three, and now, with his status as the exceptional genius of the family, his name soared to even greater heights. For the past few years, he had been someone everyone did not dare Cross.
When Jayla revealed her identity, everyone present was stunned. The man from Stoneray Order especially looked upset, but he was unable to utter another word. Although Stoneray Order possessed significant power, they were ultimately not comparable to them. Their power could never compare to that of one of the families of the Tremendous Three. Not to mention, Jayla had Tyler personally backing her.
“Why are you silent? Weren’t you being all haughty just a moment ago? Why did you stop showing off in front of me?” Jayla looked at him in contempt. She silently laughed at their attempt to show off their background, for she had never lost in that regard.
The man in the long–sleeved shirt remained silent with his head lowered.
“Hmph! How disappointing.” The corner of her lips twitched.
“Ms. Grant bids 800 million. Are there any further bids?” The auctioneer said perfunctorily. He knew from the moment Jayla revealed her identity that the thousand–year green lotus would be hers. After all, who dared challenge the Grant family?
Suddenly, a voice rang out unexpectedly. “One billion.”
Everyone’s head turned toward the voice, only to find a plump middle–aged man with his paddle raised. It was none other than Roderick.
“Huh?” Jayla’s brows knitted, glaring at the two men beside her. She had not anticipated their audacity to challenge her, especially after she had revealed her background.
“Who’s the fatty? His bravery is comparable to his size. He actually dared provoke the Grant family’s daughter.”
“He looks familiar. I think it’s Big Buck Brooks.”
“You’re right! It is Big Buck Brooks. I can’t believe he’s here!”
“So what if it’s Big Buck Brooks? He’s just filthy rich. He’s a nobody to those who hold power. If he offended the Grants, they could just annihilate his family for a simple reason.”
The crowd murmured in discussion as voices of surprise, astonishment, and disdain were heard. Even when he was extremely rich, they knew he wasn’t strong enough to challenge the Grants.
“Hey! Are you sure you want to fight me on this?” Jayla turned her head to the side, giving them a
threatening glare.
“What do you mean? Since it’s an auction, naturally, we should follow the rules, where the highest bidder wins the item. Isn’t that so?” Roderick showed no hint of fear.
Tyler Grant was indeed formidable. Under normal circumstances, he would never dream of offending him. However, it was different now. This man beside him was like a brother to Adam Spanner, and he had a prince for a father. What was there to fear when he had Dustin to back him?
“Alright, since you want to play this game, let’s play till the end!” Jayla’s expression hardened as she raised her paddle once more. “1.2 billion!”
“1.3 billion.”
“1.4 billion!”
“1.5 billion.”
“Two billion!” Jayla’s voice increased by a few octaves. It was obvious that she was unnerved.
###Chapter 376 by Marina Vittori
Even as the daughter of the Grant family, two billion dollars in cash was a stretch. Any more than that, and she would need to ask for money from the family.
“2.1 billion dollars.” Roderick was calm.
Jayla exclaimed with gritted teeth, “2.5 billion!”
She had a murderous gaze. Even if she had to borrow money, she would regain her dignity today!
With a smile still plastered on his face, Roderick raised the bid, “2.6 billion.”
His nickname, Big Buck Brooks, was not merely a nickname. The sum of money truly held no significance to him.
“Three billion!” Jayla was seeing red. She looked like a lioness about to tear into her prey.
“Three …” Roderick raised his paddle, about to continue bidding when Dustin pulled his hand down.
“Forget about it. Just let her have it.
“What?” Roderick was surprised. “Mr. Rhys, isn’t this item something you need? Why are you giving it up? If it’s because of the price, there’s no need to worry. I can deal with it.”
“It has nothing to do with money.” Dustin shook his head. As he stared at the precious item on stage, his expression was filled with regret. “The item on auction is not a thousand–year green lotus. It’s of no use to me.”
“What? Are you saying that it’s a fake?” Roderick failed to contain his shock. Almost no one dared to auction off fake items due to the consequences that came with it.
Dustin shook his head again. “I won’t call it fake. It’s just not old enough. I’ve taken a good look at it. Even though it’s a remarkable green lotus, it’s only 900 years old. It’ll take another hundred years to mature into a true thousand–year green lotus.”
Even though the only difference between a 900–year green lotus and a thousand–year green lotus is a hundred years, their effects were vastly different.
He only had one opportunity to refine the Longevitum, and any incongruity would lead to an astronomical difference in its effects. While a thousand–year green lotus was an invaluable treasure, a 900–year green lotus was vastly inferior to it.
“So it’s only a 900–year lotus. What a pity.” Roderick sighed, his enthusiasm fading instantly. He had hoped to utilize this chance to leave a good impression. It was a pity that fate had other plans. At that moment, the auctioneer suddenly asked, “Ms. Grant bid three billion. Is there a higher bid?” Roderick frowned, choosing to remain silent. However, Jayla interpreted his expression as a sign of embarrassment due to his inability to afford it.
“Hmph! Why are you silent? Just continue challenging me! I’d like to see just how capable you are! “A delighted smile formed on her face.
“It’s okay. Since you like it so much, Ms. Grant, we’ll allow you to have it,” Dustin said coolly.
Chapter 376
Spending three billion to buy a subpar item was foolish, even for the rich.
“Allow me to have it? Hah! If you can’t afford it, just say so. You sure have the thickest skin I’ve ever seen!” Jayla mocked.
“Suit yourself. Whatever makes you happy.” Dustin didn’t bother arguing further, but that made Jayla feel like she was throwing punches in the air. What she desired was to see him submit to her and show remorse. His indifferent attitude was making her extremely vexed, but she didn’t have a good excuse to challenge him.
In the end, Jayla won the bid for the 900–year green lotus on stage at a sky–high price.
“Next, we have another precious treasure. This item is a natural, uncut red gemstone, and hasn’t gone through any processing whatsoever. Its cut and clarity are of unparalleled quality. Please have a look!” As the auctioneer spoke, a palm–sized, blood–colored gemstone was brought forth onto the stage.
“What?” The moment Dustin’s gaze landed on the gemstone, his pupils constricted. While he was filled with regret just moments ago, it was now replaced with renewed vigor and excitement.
###Chapter 377 by Marina Vittori
“That gem!” Dustin was full of excitement at the appearance of the red gemstone. He had resigned himself to leaving empty–handed today, but as luck would have it, he chanced upon another
treasure.
“Hmph, what a country bumpkin. What’s so exciting about a red gemstone?” Taking in the excited look on Dustin’s face, Jayla looked at him in contempt. “I’ve got plenty of those at home. Only a country bumpkin like you who hasn’t seen the world will think it’s special.”
Dustin ignored her and focused his gaze on the red gemstone on stage. Its surface was colored a blood–like deep crimson, and its shape was similar to a calabash. On the surface, it looked ordinary. However, its desirability lay in its size, and after some processing, it would undoubtedly turn out to be invaluable. In the eyes of a professional jeweler, this was definitely the finest red crimson.
Roderick was confused. “Mr. Rhys, do you like it?” Dustin didn’t seem like someone who would covet precious stones, especially with his status. It was just an uncut gemstone. Although it was a precious treasure, it didn’t particularly stand out.
“I must take this item home.” His answer was simple, yet full of resolution.
“Alright! As long as you like it, even if I spend my entire fortune, I’ll make sure to get it for you!” Roderick spoke candidly. This was a rare opportunity for him to impress Dustin, and he was determined to seize it.
“This is an extremely rare gemstone that was recovered from the deep sea. The starting bid is 50 million dollars. Every subsequent raise must not be less than one million. Let’s start!” After a short introduction, the auctioneer declared the start of the bidding. In less than no time, the atmosphere returned to its fiery state.
“55 million!”
“60 million!”
“I’m raising it to 68 million!”
A flurry of wealthy individuals eagerly raised their paddles, igniting fierce competition. Considering the size of the gemstone, a conservative estimate placed its value at no less than two to three hundred million. As a businessman, Roderick was naturally well aware of its worth. In order to discourage other potential bidders, he promptly raised his paddle and declared, “300 million!”
The previously bustling atmosphere instantly grew heavy as Roderick’s words reverberated through the room. Many shook their heads and sighed in resignation. They knew that challenging Big Buck Brooks would be futile when he had his eyes on something. No one present possessed the wealth to surpass him.
“Mr. Roderick has raised the bid to 300 million. Is there anyone willing to offer a higher price?” The auctioneer scanned the audience, but the potential bidders had all quieted down.
At that moment, Jayla suddenly raised her paddle. “I’ll raise it to 400 million.” Her eyes gleamed with provocation, clearly trying to start another fight with them.
“500 million.” Roderick didn’t back down.
Jayla flashed a smile. “600 million.” She knew they had their sights set on the gemstone and intentionally raised the bid, planning on taking them for their worth.
“700 million.” Roderick was expressionless.
“800 million.” Jayla tilted her head up, seemingly ready to fight till the end.
“900 million.”
###Chapter 378 by Marina Vittori
Roderick continued bidding. “One billion.” Jayla showed no signs of letting up. As she was deliberately targeting the gem, the price of the red gemstone hit the billion–dollar mark, which had far exceeded the valuation of the gemstone. It would be a great loss for the winning bidder.
“It seems like they’ve come head–to–head with each other.” “I have a bad feeling something is going to happen to Big Buck Brooks for offending Ms. Grant.”
“He’s just wealthy. How does he have the guts to challenge such a prominent family?”
The crowd pointed and gossiped fervently, clearly enjoying the farce. “1.5 billion dollars.” Roderick raised his paddle again, boldly increasing the bid by 500 million dollars.
“1.6 billion dollars.” Jayla continued challenging him head–on.
“Two billion dollars!” Roderick then told her in an impassive tone, “Ms. Grant, if you raise it again, I’ll let you have it.”
Jayla was about to raise it when she froze. She wasn’t interested in the red gemstone. It would be disadvantageous for her if she continued increasing the price and ended up stuck with an item she didn’t need. She knew it was time to end her game.
“Forget it. Since you like the gemstone so much, I’ll be the generous one and let you have it,” Jayla said with a mocking smile. She had raised the price of a two- to three–hundred million–dollar gemstone to two billion dollars, forcing the other party to pay ten times the price. She was
satisfied.
“Mr. Brooks has placed a bid of 2 billion. Any other contenders? Going once, going twice… sold!” The auctioneer struck his hammer, signifying Roderick as the winning bidder of the red gemstone at the staggering price of two billion.
After they received the item, Jayla mocked them, “Hah … One look tells me you are from new money. You don’t have any sense. You just had to pay two billion for something that could be bought for 200 million. What an idiot.”
She deliberately showed off the box containing the thousand–year green lotus and taunted, “See this? This is a real, invaluable treasure.”
A scoff escaped from Dustin’s lips. “Ms. Grant, you sure are overconfident. Take a good look at it. Is your green lotus really a thousand years old?”
She raised her brows. “What nonsense. This precious item is pure, and delicate, and emanates a
characteristic smell. Of course, it’s a thousand–year green lotus!”
“A thousand–year green lotus has ten petals and ten seeds. Count them. Does it have enough?” Dustin asked with a smile.
Hearing him, Jayla started to count. Soon, her expression changed. No matter how many times she counted, there were only nine petals and nine seeds. She never managed to count to ten!
1/2
“Hey! I’m warning you, you better not lie to me! If I find out you are, you’re not leaving this place!” Jayla warned coldly.
Dustin shrugged his shoulders. “If you don’t believe me, why don’t you ask the experts from Stoneray Order? They’re well–versed in various herbs. They’ll definitely be able to tell.”
“Hey! You there! Come here this instant!” Jayla turned around and shouted at the man in the long- sleeved shirt from earlier. “Take a good look at this. Is this green lotus a thousand years old?”
He stared at it, and there was a shift in his expression. “It’s a pity… What a pity! Ms. Grant, to be honest, this green lotus is only 900 years old. It’s on the verge of reaching maturity.”
Her eyes widened. “What? 900 years old? Doesn’t that mean it’s still short of one hundred years?”
Even an idiot understood the difference a hundred years made. Whether in value or effectiveness, the disparity was immense.
“Ms. Grant, even though this item is slightly inferior, it still holds significant value as a collector’s item.” The man in the long–sleeved shirt smiled apologetically.
“It is indeed a valuable collector’s item. You just need to hold onto it for another hundred years, and you’ll undoubtedly earn a great fortune.” Dustin flashed her a cheeky smirk.
“You…” Jayla’s face puffed up in anger with his words, looking like she had just ingested a load of shit. She would be rotting in the soil in a hundred years! A great fortune, her a s s!
###Chapter 379 by Marina Vittori
Jayla finally realized she had been miserably deceived. However, she only had herself to blame for her mistake. Of course, with the power the Grant family held, she could demand a refund from the auctioneer. But if she did that, she would be badly criticized. She couldn’t afford to be humiliated as such. For the sake of her reputation, she could only swallow her resentment.
Roderick added insult to injury. “Ms. Grant, it seems like the item that cost you a fortune isn’t that precious after all.”
“You can’t say that. Even though it’s lacking a few years, it’s still considered a precious treasure.” The man in the long–sleeved shirt attempted to diffuse the situation.
“Did you hear that? Even if it’s lacking, it’s still precious!” Color returned to her expression.
Dustin smiled. “I’d like to ask. What’s the value of a 900–year green lotus?”
He looked troubled and answered with difficulty, “Based on its effectiveness and age, it should be around three to four hundred million.”
“What? It’s only worth three to four hundred million?” Jayla was stunned. She bought it for three billion! That was a massive loss of ten times its price!
Roderick chuckled teasingly. “Ms. Grant, with your power and wealth, that amount of money is just a small change.”
Jayla was speechless. Her eyes twitched, and her expression turned sour. In the end, it turned out that she was the loser.
The man in the long–sleeved shirt chimed in, “Mr. Brooks, I don’t think you are in a position to mock her. While Ms. Grant incurred a significant loss, your purchase isn’t exactly a good buy.”
“That’s right!” Jayla’s eyes brightened. Pointing at the gemstone in his arms, she said, “Even though my treasure lacks in age, at least it’s much more useful than your item! Just look at yourselves, you idiots! You spent two billion for a meager gemstone. Anyone can tell that it’s just a processed stone.” 
Roderick responded coolly, “It’s difficult to put a value on happiness. As long as we like it, what’s a
few billion?”
“That is why you two are idiots!” She sneered. “I forgot to mention. The Grant family was the one that recovered this red gemstone. In other words, the two billion you just spent went into my pockets. Surprising, huh?”
Roderick’s brows knitted with her words. It didn’t matter if he’d just incurred a small loss. However, he was also played by his opponent. Not only did he suffer a loss, but he was also humiliated and called an idiot. It didn’t feel good. In a heavy voice, he commented, “Ms. Grant, you intentionally raised the price with malicious intent.”
“What about it? Go sue me if you can.” She shrugged.
“Whatever the case, I’m taking this two billion dollars. I’d like to see what you can do if you’re not happy about it!” She pursed her lips; her expression was smug.
Roderick narrowed his eyes, looking irritated. However, he didn’t utter a word in fear of her family
1/2
background.
Dustin suddenly asked, “Ms. Grant, are you saying this red gemstone is from the Grant family?”
“That’s right! I’m the one who sent it here personally to be auctioned off. Why? You’re not happy?” She taunted arrogantly.
“Of course I’m happy! If it wasn’t for your help, how would I be able to purchase this treasure for a mere two billion?” He smiled.
“Hey! Are you out of your mind? What treasure? You spent two billion on something that’s only worth two to three hundred million. What gave you the courage to say that?” She bellowed in laughter, looking at him like he was an idiot.
“Young man, is it that hard to admit you lost? Do you need to be so stubborn?”
###Chapter 380 by Marina Vittori
“That’s right. Only people like you would foolishly spend two billion on a red gemstone like that.”
“I like to call them rich airheads.”
The crowd pointed and murmured, gossiping among themselves. It seemed to them that Dustin was a prime example of a stubborn man who couldn’t accept defeat. It was clear that he had suffered a loss but was still trying to show off without merit.
“Do you hear that? I’m not the only one who thinks you’re an idiot. Everyone else thinks the same.” Her lips curled up into a smirk.
“Really?” Dustin smiled faintly. “It seems like no one has realized this is not an ordinary red gemstone. It’s an extremely rare Crimson Gem.”
“What’s a Crimson Gem? I’ve never heard of it.” Jayla pursed her lips in disdain.
“That’s fine. Allow me to enlighten you today.” As he said that, he smashed the gemstone with his palm. Everyone present heard two cracking noises as two visible crack lines formed on the surface. In the blink of an eye, the cracks spread across the whole gemstone.
His actions ignited a frenzy among the crowd.
“That’s insane! That punk’s gone insane!”
“Even if he incurred a loss, that was no reason to destroy the gemstone!”
“Ms. Grant was right. He’s an idiot!”
The crowd was filled with astonishment and regret as they voiced their disapproval and admonishment. They recognized that it was still a remarkable treasure, and it was such a waste for him to destroy it like that.
Jayla was initially taken aback, but soon, she couldn’t stop howling in laughter. “Hey! Did you get water into your brain? You spent two billion to buy that, yet you smashed it? I’ve never seen anyone as stupid as you!” She continued laughing, but it wasn’t long before she went silent.
That was because after the gemstone shattered, a crimson flower emerged from the shattered pieces. The flower, translucent and blood–colored, glistened with a mesmerizing radiance. It embodied the essence of nature in itself, looking perfectly flawless.
Upon closer inspection, it appeared as if a slow, graceful flow of red liquid was flowing within it. Illuminated under the lights, the crimson flower shone beautifully, resembling an artful. masterpiece that captivated those present, leaving them awestruck.
“Could… C–could it be? Is that the legendary Flower of Crimson Gem?” After a momentary daze, the man in the long–sleeved shirt suddenly exclaimed out loud.
The crowd erupted into a frenzy at his words.
“Flower of Crimson Gem? That’s a Flower of Crimson Gem? I never thought I would be able to see such a treasure in my lifetime!”
“It’s rumored that the Flower of Crimson Gem can not only prolong life but revive the dead. When taken by ordinary people, they would be reborn, and even achieve greater things!”
1/2
“It’s a priceless treasure! It’s definitely a priceless treasure!”
“Damn it, that punk spent a mere two billion for a Flower of Crimson Gem. Lucky bastard!”
The crowd looked at the Flower of Crimson Gem with tremendous greed and envy, like a beggar who chanced upon gold. A few daring individuals had even started concocting a plan secretly.
“Flower of Crimson Gem? How is that possible?” Jayla was dumbfounded as she looked on in disbelief.
A Flower of Crimson Gem was an extremely rare treasure that could only be chanced upon once in a blue moon. It was much more valuable than a thousand–year green lotus. Who would have thought she could encounter it in a place like this?
At the heart of the matter, the Grant family was the one who discovered that red gemstone, and she had delivered it personally to the auction house. In other words, she had given away that priceless treasure!
The realization left her feeling light–headed.
###Chapter 381 by Marina Vittori
“Why? Just why!” Jayla burned with jealousy. If she had known the gemstone was hiding a priceless treasure, she would never have sold it. In the end, it ended up in the hands of a country bumpkin! What a loss!
“What a turn of events. This is such a blessing!” Dustin held the Flower of Crimson Gem up in one hand, the corner of his lips curling up into a wide smile. From the moment he laid eyes on the gemstone, he knew it was hiding something exceptional. Just as he expected, he had discovered a true treasure.
The Flower of Crimson Gem was not an ordinary flower. It was an extremely rare treasure. Typically, it could only be found in red gemstones. And it just so happened that the red gemstone on auction today was a Crimson Gem.
Previously, he felt regretful thinking about the 900–year green lotus. However, the appearance of the Flower of Crimson Gem came as a blessing and a happy surprise. At least he didn’t travel all
the way here for nothing.
“Ms. Grant, don’t you think a price of two billion dollars is extremely worth it for this precious
item?” He turned to look at her and flashed a smile. “Should I say you’re the true idiot here?”
“You…” Jayla was rendered speechless. The vicious words she had thrown out earlier at them
were now directed at herself. She had spent three billion to purchase a subpar item, while Dustin
had paid a mere two billion in exchange for an invaluable treasure. The stark difference was
maddening!
“Ms. Grant, thank you for the treasure. We shall meet again soon.” Dustin smiled and prepared to
leave.
“Hold it!” Jayla suddenly called out to him. “Did I say you could leave?”
“Hmm? Are you going to treat us to a meal?” Dustin smiled teasingly.
“Stop talking back. I’m taking that Flower of Crimson Gem! Name your price!” She demanded angrily. Naturally, she wasn’t going to give up such a rare gem.
Dustin refused her outright. “I’m sorry, I’m not selling it.
“Not selling?” Jayla scoffed coldly. “Let me tell you honestly. Since I want it, you are selling that
treasure to me no matter what.”
Dustin raised his eyebrows. “Oh? Since when has that been the law?”
“Shut up! My words are the law!” She glared at him. “Don’t paint me as a bully. Since you spent two billion to purchase it, I’ll buy it back from you for two billion! You won’t incur any losses!”
“And if I don’t?” Dustin smiled. Did she take him for an idiot? He was to resell a two–billion–dollar
purchase for two billion dollars?
“Then you’ll bear the consequences!” Jayla threatened.
The Flower of Crimson Gem would be able to elevate her brother’s martial arts prowess to another level. That was the reason she needed to obtain it, even if that meant putting down her dignity.
“It’s a priceless treasure! It’s definitely a priceless treasure!”
“Damn it, that punk spent a mere two billion for a Flower of Crimson Gem. Lucky bastard!”
The crowd looked at the Flower of Crimson Gem with tremendous greed and envy, like a beggar who chanced upon gold. A few daring individuals had even started concocting a plan secretly.
“Flower of Crimson Gem? How is that possible?” Jayla was dumbfounded as she looked on in disbelief.
A Flower of Crimson Gem was an extremely rare treasure that could only be chanced upon once in a blue moon. It was much more valuable than a thousand–year green lotus. Who would have thought she could encounter it in a place like this?
At the heart of the matter, the Grant family was the one who discovered that red gemstone, and she had delivered it personally to the auction house. In other words, she had given away that priceless treasure!
The realization left her feeling light–headed.
“Why? Just why!” Jayla burned with jealousy. If she had known the gemstone was hiding a priceless treasure, she would never have sold it. In the end, it ended up in the hands of a country bumpkin! What a loss!
“What a turn of events. This is such a blessing!” Dustin held the Flower of Crimson Gem up in one hand, the corner of his lips curling up into a wide smile. From the moment he laid eyes on the gemstone, he knew it was hiding something exceptional. Just as he expected, he had discovered a true treasure.
The Flower of Crimson Gem was not an ordinary flower. It was an extremely rare treasure. Typically, it could only be found in red gemstones. And it just so happened that the red gemstone on auction today was a Crimson Gem.
Previously, he felt regretful thinking about the 900–year green lotus. However, the appearance of the Flower of Crimson Gem came as a blessing and a happy surprise. At least he didn’t travel all the way here for nothing.
“Ms. Grant, don’t you think a price of two billion dollars is extremely worth it for this precious item?” He turned to look at her and flashed a smile. “Should I say you’re the true idiot here?”
“You…” Jayla was rendered speechless. The vicious words she had thrown out earlier at them were now directed at herself. She had spent three billion to purchase a subpar item, while Dustin had paid a mere two billion in exchange for an invaluable treasure. The stark difference was maddening!
“Ms. Grant, thank you for the treasure. We shall meet again soon.” Dustin smiled and prepared to leave. 
“Hold it!” Jayla suddenly called out to him. “Did I say you could leave?”
“Hmm? Are you going to treat us to a meal?” Dustin smiled teasingly.
“Stop talking back. I’m taking that Flower of Crimson Gem! Name your price!” She demanded angrily. Naturally, she wasn’t going to give up such a rare gem.
Dustin refused her outright. “I’m sorry, I’m not selling it.”
“Not selling?” Jayla scoffed coldly. “Let me tell you honestly. Since I want it, you are selling that treasure to me no matter what.”
Dustin raised his eyebrows. “Oh? Since when has that been the law?”
“Shut up! My words are the law!” She glared at him. “Don’t paint me as a bully. Since you spent two billion to purchase it, I’ll buy it back from you for two billion! You won’t incur any losses!”
“And if I don’t?” Dustin smiled. Did she take him for an idiot? He was to resell a two–billion–dollar purchase for two billion dollars?
“Then you’ll bear the consequences!” Jayla threatened.
The Flower of Crimson Gem would be able to elevate her brother’s martial arts prowess to another level. That was the reason she needed to obtain it, even if that meant putting down her dignity.
Chapter 381
“How disappointing. It seems like the Grant family only amounts to so much.” He shook his head.
“Let me repeat myself. I’m not selling the Flower of Crimson Gem. If you insist on stealing it from me, don’t blame me for taking action.” With that, he left, with Roderick following after him.
“Hmph, we’ll see who has the last laugh.” Jayla sneered and took out her phone, making a phone call..
In the whole Southern Province, he was the first to not yield to the Grants. Since he didn’t wish to part with his treasure, he shouldn’t blame her for his own demise.
They had just left the auction house when Dustin noticed they were being followed. He had to admit that the Grants were pretty efficient. It seemed like this wasn’t their first time.
“Mr. Rhys, it appears we have some unwanted company,” Roderick remarked, also noticing the tail.
“No need to bother about them. Let’s just leave quickly.” Dustin didn’t bother to confront them and was prepared to leave. However, things don’t always go as planned. A group of masked men suddenly had them surrounded when they reached a certain alley. There were around 20 to 30 men, each armed with a weapon.
“Hey, punk! I heard you got a valuable treasure with you. Give it to us, and I might let you two walk away alive!” The leader of the group brandished his knife, his tone frosty.
“Do you mean this?” Dustin took out the Flower of Crimson Gem.
The leader’s gaze betrayed his excitement. “That’s the one! Give it to me now!”
“Come get it yourself if you can.” Dustin placed it back into his pockets and beckoned them forward with his finger.
The leader’s expression darkened. He felt like he was being played. “Die, punk! Get him! We need to get that item back!” On his orders, the masked men charged forward at the same time.
Dustin smiled lightly, then flicked his wrist. Numerous silver needles shot out with sharp whistles, piercing straight into the men’s acupoints. The next second, they were frozen to the spot, and their weapons were still raised. It appeared as if time stopped for them, and the only thing they could move was their eyes.
“What?” The leader’s expression betrayed his horror as he took in the scene before him. Without any warning, another silver needle shot out and pierced into his neck. What followed was a numbing sensation that was hard to suppress. No matter how much he struggled to free himself, it was in vain.
“W–who are you?” He spat out with difficulty.
“I’m in a good mood today. I don’t wish to kill.” Dustin walked up to him and said coolly.
“When you get back, ask Jayla to stop provoking me. Otherwise, she wouldn’t be able to handle it when I decide enough is enough.” With that, he left haughtily, with Roderick behind him.
After 15 minutes, Jayla arrived at the scene and frowned. Not only was Dustin nowhere to be found, but her bodyguards were all frozen in their spots.
“What happened? Where’s my Flower of Crimson Gem?” Jayla questioned them sternly.
The leader appeared helpless as he responded, “Ms. Grant, he’s too strong. We’re no match for him.”
“What a bunch of useless trash! What am I paying you for if you can’t even handle some country bumpkin?” Jayla snapped at them.
They lowered their heads, unable to utter a word.
“Where did they go?” Jayla demanded.
The leader pondered for a moment. “I don’t know. But from their accents, they should be from Swinton.”
“Swinton?” She narrowed her eyes. “It just so happens that I’m heading there tomorrow to ask for the bride’s hand in my brother’s stead. Since he’s from Swinton, I’m going to find him no matter what!”
“Ms. Grant, he doesn’t seem like an ordinary person,” The leader advised.
“Hah! So what? Even if he had three heads and six arms. I’ll make sure to deal with him cleanly!”
She cocked her head up in confidence. “Hey! What are you still standing there for? Go back and get ready! We need to put on a good show worthy of our name for our journey to Swinton tomorrow!”
###Chapter 382 by Marina Vittori
The next day, back at Swinton, a convoy of luxury cars drove into Park Palace in a grandiose display. As their procession moved through the streets, it left a lasting impression of power and splendor.
By the entrance, the entire Harmon family had been waiting, with Jessica in the lead.
As the vehicles came to a stop, Jayla, who was dressed in luxurious clothing, was the first to disembark with an arrogant look on her face.
“Jayla, you’re here! Please, come in.” Jessica greeted her with a smile and a welcoming attitude. The person she was greeting was Tyler’s sister. Her standing among the entire Grant family was not to be taken lightly.
Jayla nodded in response. “Jessica, long time no see. Where’s Natasha? Why don’t I see her?”
“She’s inside getting ready. She won’t take much longer,” Jessica explained with a smile.
“Jayla, I prepared something for you when I found out you were visiting. Have a look.” At that moment, Quentin, who was standing beside them, took out a sapphire the size of an egg and passed it to her with both hands. Jayla was not only gorgeous, but she also came from a powerful family. That was why he knew she was the best match for him. Naturally, he wouldn’t give up the chance to leave a good impression.
It was his belief that every woman was weak against jewelry.
Jayla glanced at it. “Thanks.” However, instead of receiving it herself, she had the maid take it and put it away.
“Uh…” As he took in her disinterested look, the corners of his mouth twitched. He purchased that sapphire from some Amberson woman for more than a hundred million dollars. He had spent quite a fortune to impress the gorgeous woman and was aggrieved at her reaction.
“I should have gotten something cheaper,” Quentin silently mumbled.
“Jayla, tea is almost ready. Let’s head in first.” Jessica smoothed things over and invited the entourage inside. After they took their seats, she asked, “Jayla, may I know what brings you to Swinton this time?
“Jessica, in truth, I’m here regarding my brother’s wedding.” She drank a sip of tea and continued, According to the marriage agreement, there are around 20 days left before the union between the Harmons and the Grants. I’m just wondering how the preparations are going.”
“There is no need to worry. The Harmons‘ annual family gathering will be in a few days. We’ll be making arrangements during the gathering,” Jessica replied with a smile.
“That would be the best.” Jayla nodded and changed the subject. “However, I’ve been hearing rumors lately that Natasha has a boyfriend. I wonder if they are true.”
Jessica’s expression froze slightly with her words before she dismissed the idea with a wave of her hand. “That’s not true, of course. You shouldn’t listen to gossip like that. Besides, who could compare to your brother in the entire seven provinces of Balerno?
“That’s good to hear. You should be aware that my brother is deeply devoted to Natasha, and he
1/2
Chapter 382
also has strict principles and doesn’t tolerate betrayals. With his personality, if he heard about the rumors, there’s no guarantee how he would retaliate.” Her words carried a hint of threat as she
warned.
“Please don’t worry. It is inevitable for our families to come together. I have faith the wedding will be held according to schedule.” Jessica smiled assuringly.
“Great!” Jayla raised her brows. “My brother will be back in two days. He will also be personally attending the Harmons‘ annual gathering to ask for the bride’s hand. I’m here to inform you of this
in advance.”
“No problem. We will make all the necessary arrangements.” Jessica nodded with a smile.
While they were talking, Natasha, who had finally finished getting ready, walked out of her bedroom.
“Natasha, you’re here. Sit down. We were just discussing your marriage with Tyler-”
Natasha raised her hand and interrupted her. “I heard everything. Jayla, my apologies in advance. I’m afraid we won’t be able to go through with this marriage.”
###Chapter 383 by Marina Vittori
Everyone stood in shock at her words. No one could believe Natasha dared say that. “Natasha? What nonsense are you spouting? Are you sleep talking?!” Jessica gave her a look.
Natasha said calmly, “I’m fully awake, and I am well aware of what I just said. It is regrettable, but I need to express my feelings today. Tyler and I are unsuited for each other.”
“Natasha, what do you mean by this?” Jayla’s brow knitted. A slightly uneasy feeling crept up within her.
“I’m backing out of this marriage.” Just like that, Natasha dropped the bomb.
“You’re backing out?” Jayla’s expression darkened at her words. She snapped at her. “Natasha Harmon, are you insane?! How dare you break off a union with the Grants? The audacity!” Jessica warned, “Natasha, stop your nonsense. You can’t say those things lightly!”
The Grant family was part of the Tremendous Three. Whether it was their connections or their legacy, the Grants surpassed the Harmons in every aspect. Especially with Tyler, the exceptional genius, at the helm, the Grant family had been elevated to unparalleled heights. It wouldn’t be too far off to say that they were very close to becoming the strongest among the Tremendous Three. Many affluent families could only dream of having an association with the Grant family. However, Natasha wanted to back out of the marriage instead. It was like slapping the Grants in the face.
“I am indeed the party at fault in this situation. I sincerely apologize. If you think this will deal a blow to your reputation, you can be the one to make the announcement. I’ll take the blame. In any case, I will never marry Tyler,” Natasha spoke calmly with a resolute gaze.
“Natasha Harmon, do you think you are the one who calls the shots here? Who do you think you are? This union is a joint decision between both families. You are not worthy of giving your opinion!” Jayla erupted in a fury.
Natasha responded coldly, “I can comply with everything else the family arranges, but marriage is out of the question!”
“Hah! I don’t think you understand the situation. You should be honored that my brother is interested in you! As for calling off this marriage, your opinion doesn’t matter. My brother is the one who calls the shots!” Jayla glared at her.
“Then, kindly inform your brother to call off the marriage.”
“Dream on!” Jayla refused immediately. “My brother always gets what he wants. It doesn’t matter if you agree to it or not. This wedding is going ahead as planned!”
“I will not marry Tyler.” Natasha shook her head again. She refused to destroy her chance at happiness for a marriage of convenience.
“Natasha, as the daughter of a prominent family, you should be aware that there are certain matters beyond your control. You should think about the entire Harmon family, not just yourself. If you dare to break off this marriage, you will be making an enemy out of the Grants!
“Even if my brother won’t touch you, your enemies will definitely not let you go easily. They have
1/2
restrained themselves thus far because of our support. How long do you think your family can last without our protection? I recall that your father is in conflict with the Dark Lord. Without my brother, do you think you guys can fend him off by yourselves?
“Think carefully about it! In seven days, we will be attending the Harmons‘ annual family gathering. Whether we end up friends or foes depends entirely on your decision!
“We’re leaving.” After leaving them with those harsh words, Jayla stormed off with her entourage.
###Chapter 384 by Marina Vittori
“Natasha Harmon! What’s wrong with you? Who gave you the green light to call off the marriage?” Once Jayla left, Jessica finally unleashed her temper. The marriage concerned the fate of their family, and she would not allow Natasha to do as she wished.
“Natasha, do you know how lucky you are to be able to marry Tyler Grant? What are you doing? Calling off the marriage?” Quentin felt like he was staring at a fool. Tyler Grant was the cream of the crop of the Southern province, and the hope of Dragonmarsh. Before he hit thirty, he had been appointed as a general who led tens of thousands of men. Young and talented, he was deemed the best bachelor, and women fell on his feet in admiration.
To their dismay, Natasha had no interest in Tyler at all, which everyone thought was dumb.
“I will have the final say in my marriage. I have no feelings for Tyler, and I won’t marry him,” she replied calmly. In the past, she would have accepted an arranged marriage in the interest of the Harmon Family, especially when Tyler was an impeccable candidate in terms of family background, talent, and potential. He was literally perfect. She would meet everyone’s expectations by marrying Tyler, but now, she only had eyes for Dustin.
“You can develop your feelings for him over time. No matter what, you’re marrying him!” Jessica declared firmly. “This is the only way you’ll be happy, and we will be safe. If you call off the marriage, you’ll put your family in trouble!”
“Right, Natasha! You better not forget about the existence of the Dark Lord. He’s a looming threat to our family. Without the Grant Family’s backing, the Dark Lord might come for us at any time!”
Quentin warned her sternly.
But she replied with a frown, “I will think of a way to deal with the Dark Lord.”
“Deal with him? How?! It’s been ten years. Every year, one of us Harmons would be killed for no good reason. Even after your dad and your uncle hired experts and gave their best efforts, they have no way to stop the Dark Lord, so what makes you think you can take him down?” Jessica
retorted.
“Give me some time. I can do it.” Natasha had a determined look in her eyes.
Jessica shook her head. “There’s no time. In seven days, Tyler will show up at our annual family gathering to ask for your hand in marriage. If you turn him down, our family might as well be
ruined.”
Natasha fell into a heavy silence. She only had seven days left, and she had no idea what her fate would be if she could not come up with a solution.
Meanwhile, Dustin was at the Nicholson Villa, where he handed Dahlia a check. “Here you go. These are the investments I got for you.”
“Investments?” She took a better look and froze up. “O–one billion dollars? Where did you get that money from?”
“I have a friend who works at a bank. I got him to issue me an interest–free loan. This will tide you
1/3
Chapter 384
over,” Dustin explained. Technically, he wasn’t lying because Roderick Brooks indeed owned a few private banks.
“When did you have a friend in the bank?” Dahlia looked at him curiously. The friend practically lost out on the deal if it was an interest–free loan, and that was a pretty huge favor for Dustin to
return.
“I’m a doctor, after all. I save lives all day, so it’s not weird for me to make friends along the way.”
He shrugged.
“That’s true.” She nodded and beamed at the sight of the check in her hands. “I have to say, you really helped me a lot this time. With this one billion check, I will secure my position as the chairman of Cardinal Group.”
“A billion–dollar check? What are you talking about?” Florence and James wandered into the room
at that moment.
“Mom, look at this!” Dahlia handed Florence the check. The latter was overjoyed when she saw the figure on the check. “D–d–did I see wrongly? This is a check worth one billion!”
“One billion?” James‘ eyes bulged in shock. He had never seen that insane amount of money in his
life.
“How’s that? It’s a surprise, isn’t it? Dustin brought me the check,” Dahlia showed off proudly.
“Dustin?” Florence furrowed her brows and examined him from head to toe with doubt. “Are you sure he’s capable of this? Is the check a fake?”
“Of course not. I verified it multiple times. It’s a real check!” Dahlia looked serious.
“This can’t be right! He’s dirt poor. Since when is he loaded?” James remained suspicious.
“I might be poor, but I have a couple of rich friends. If you don’t trust me, just hand the check back to me.” Dustin gestured for the check.
“We trust you! Of course, we do!” Florence hurriedly stuffed the check into her pocket and squeezed a smile at him. “Oh, Dustin, you’ve changed in such a short time! I never thought you’d have a billionaire friend! When are you going to introduce him to us?”
An extra connection would open up paths. A man who could lend a billion dollars in one go was definitely someone remarkable. If the Nicholsons could get on his good side, they would benefit immensely from this relationship in the future.
James protested with displeasure, “Mom, are you seriously falling for all his garbage?”
“You’re the garbage!” Florence spat at him and gave him a good slap on the back of her head. She chided him, “You little brat! Watch your manners when you speak to your brother–in–law! Speak nicely!”
“Huh?” James was caught off–guard by the sudden change in his mom’s attitude. She had been haughtily pointing fingers at Dustin, but in a matter of seconds, she was smiling and groveling at him.
James thought, “It’s shocking how she changes in a blink of an eye! What a skill!”
“Dustin, are you hungry? Do you want me to cook you some food? By the way, don’t forget to share the contact details of that friend with me. I need to ask him for advice on personal finance matters.
2/3
Chapter 384
“Florence was practically glowing with a level of enthusiasm unseen before.
“It’s alright. I’m not hungry.” Dustin shook his head. This was the first time he received such warm treatment from Florence in his three years of marriage, and he wondered if that was the
power of money.
“Mom, you should go get the groceries. I need to go somewhere with Dustin, and we’ll come home for a meal later,” Dahlia suddenly suggested.
“Where are you going?” Florence questioned.
“Of course, we’re on our way to make Madam Gloria fulfill her promise. We now have a billion dollars worth of investments. They have nothing to say, even if they’re unwilling to make me the chairman!” Dahlia smiled brightly.
“Okay! Go now and have that chairman position secured!” Florence urged her daughter to leave with excitement.
Once Dahlia secured the position as the chairman of Cardinal Group, she would be one step closer to becoming the head of the Nicholson Family, and the rest of them would be elevated to a higher status as a result too.
###Chapter 385 by Marina Vittori
A Mercedes–Benz rolled to a stop in front of a villa with a great riverside view. “Dahlia, I won’t go with you. I splashed tea on Madam Gloria yesterday. I bet she won’t be glad to see me.” Dustin chuckled.
“That’s fine. Wait for me here. I’ll be back soon.” Dahlia gave him a firm nod and marched into the villa alone. At that time, Gloria was having her tea leisurely, with Dakota seated right beside her, massaging her shoulders and legs with great care.
“Madam, Dahlia asks to meet you.” An elderly lady came up and announced respectfully. “Why is she here? Is she begging for mercy because she knows that she’s incapable?” Dakota sounded puzzled.
Gloria put her teacup on the table and replied calmly, “Let her in.”
“Yes, Madam.” The elderly servant shuffled away and led Dahlia into the villa. “You have something to ask from me?” Gloria looked up at the sudden visitor.
“Madam Gloria, I have completed your request. Here’s a check for one billion dollars. Please take a look.” While speaking, Dahlia handed Gloria the check.
“A check of one billion? Are you joking?” Dakota snatched the check away, but her expression fell when she saw the figure on it. “T–there’s a billion here!”
“Let me have a look.” Gloria took the check and examined it. Her face scrunched up in displeasure. “Dahlia, it’s only been a day. Where did you get the money from?”
Gloria had looked into them and knew that Dahlia’s family was incapable of getting a billion dollars worth of investment in such a short timeframe. There was something fishy going on.
“You don’t have to be concerned about that. I have my connections.” Dahlia refused to offer a detailed explanation.
“Hmph! The Nicholson Family has always been upright and honest! If your money comes from a dirty source, it will not be counted!” Gloria reminded her coldly.
“That’s right! Who knows? The money might have come from a robbery or theft! If you don’t offer a clear explanation, we won’t let you off the hook!” Dakota echoed Gloria’s words.
“If you are dying to know, I shall tell you the truth. Dustin borrowed the money.” Dahlia did not bother to hide the fact from them.
“Dustin?” Dakota was first perplexed, followed by a look of disdain. “Oh, Dahlia, you have to make up a better lie than that! The good–for–nothing, Dustin Rhys, can never get his hands on a billion’s worth of investments!”
“Believe it or not, it’s up to you. At the end of the day, we got the money you asked for,” Dahlia remarked calmly.
“Sure, you did. But it’s not enough,” Gloria suddenly said. After the initial shock from the check,
Chapter 384
Florence was practically glowing with a level of enthusiasm unseen before.
“It’s alright. I’m not hungry.” Dustin shook his head. This was the first time he received such warm treatment from Florence in his three years of marriage, and he wondered if that was the
power of money.
“Mom, you should go get the groceries. I need to go somewhere with Dustin, and we’ll come home for a meal later,” Dahlia suddenly suggested.
“Where are you going?” Florence questioned.
“Of course, we’re on our way to make Madam Gloria fulfill her promise. We now have a billion dollars worth of investments. They have nothing to say, even if they’re unwilling to make me the chairman!” Dahlia smiled brightly.
“Okay! Go now and have that chairman position secured!” Florence urged her daughter to leave with excitement.
Once Dahlia secured the position as the chairman of Cardinal Group, she would be one step closer to becoming the head of the Nicholson Family, and the rest of them would be elevated to a higher status as a result too.
Chapter 385
A Mercedes–Benz rolled to a stop in front of a villa with a great riverside view.
“Dahlia, I won’t go with you. I splashed tea on Madam Gloria yesterday. I bet she won’t be glad to see me.” Dustin chuckled.
“That’s fine. Wait for me here. I’ll be back soon.” Dahlia gave him a firm nod and marched into the villa alone.
At that time, Gloria was having her tea leisurely, with Dakota seated right beside her, massaging her shoulders and legs with great care.
“Madam, Dahlia asks to meet you.” An elderly lady came up and announced respectfully.
“Why is she here? Is she begging for mercy because she knows that she’s incapable?” Dakota sounded puzzled.
Gloria put her teacup on the table and replied calmly, “Let her in.”
“Yes, Madam.” The elderly servant shuffled away and led Dahlia into the villa.
“You have something to ask from me?” Gloria looked up at the sudden visitor.
“Madam Gloria, I have completed your request. Here’s a check for one billion dollars. Please take a look.” While speaking, Dahlia handed Gloria the check.
“A check of one billion? Are you joking?” Dakota snatched the check away, but her expression fell when she saw the figure on it. “T–there’s a billion here!”
“Let me have a look.” Gloria took the check and examined it. Her face scrunched up in displeasure. “Dahlia, it’s only been a day. Where did you get the money from?”
Gloria had looked into them and knew that Dahlia’s family was incapable of getting a billion dollars worth of investment in such a short timeframe. There was something fishy going on.
“You don’t have to be concerned about that. I have my connections.” Dahlia refused to offer a detailed explanation.
“Hmph! The Nicholson Family has always been upright and honest! If your money comes from a dirty source, it will not be counted!” Gloria reminded her coldly.
“That’s right! Who knows? The money might have come from a robbery or theft! If you don’t offer a clear explanation, we won’t let you off the hook!” Dakota echoed Gloria’s words.
“If you are dying to know, I shall tell you the truth. Dustin borrowed the money.” Dahlia did not -bother to hide the fact from them.
“Dustin?” Dakota was first perplexed, followed by a look of disdain. “Oh, Dahlia, you have to make up a better lie than that! The good–for–nothing, Dustin Rhys, can never get his hands on a billion’s worth of investments!”
“Believe it or not, it’s up to you. At the end of the day, we got the money you asked for,” Dahlia remarked calmly.
“Sure, you did. But it’s not enough,” Gloria suddenly said. After the initial shock from the check,
1/2
she quickly recovered and came up with a plan.
“Excuse me?” Dahlia raised a brow. “Madam Gloria, you said you wanted one billion in
investments. Why are you now saying the amount is not enough?”
“I said that indeed. But the one billion dollars that you gave me is not for the investments. It’s for compensation,” Gloria went on with confidence.
“Dustin Rhys was rude enough to splash hot tea in my face. I was scalded because of that. Just think of the one billion as compensation for my medical bills.”
“What?” Dahlia’s expression changed when she heard the unreasonable demand. One billion to make up for scalding her with tea? That was too much!
“Madam Gloria, aren’t you asking for too much?” Frowning, Dahlia had expected Gloria to give her a difficult time, but the way Gloria went about it was ridiculous and shameless.
“Too much?” Gloria scoffed. “That beast, Dustin Rhys, has scalded my face. If we go by the book, I should have broken his legs. However, I will forgive him if I get that one billion as compensation.” “Yeah! One billion dollars in exchange for his legs. It’s a sweet deal for him!” Dakota agreed. She had been racking her brains to break the promise, but she was surprised that Gloria had come up with a solution in no time. Gloria was indeed a wily old fox!
###Chapter 386 by Marina Vittori
“Madam Gloria, you need to be fair. What you’re doing now is intentionally setting me up to fail!” Dahlia had a sour expression on her face. No sane person would sit still after being robbed of one billion dollars.
“Shut up! Where are your manners when you’re speaking to my grandma? You should know your place!” Dakota yelled at Dahlia.
“You need to pay up for what you’ve done. Dustin lashed out at people, and he should rightly pay for that. This is enough. I’ll be upfront with you. If you pull another one billion dollars, I’ll make you the chairman. If you can’t, you should get lost.” Gloria waved impatiently in a confident manner, as though she had Dahlia in her grip.
“Why are you still standing there? Get lost now!” Dakota urged Dahlia to leave.
However, before leaving, Dahlia said, “Madam Gloria, since you’re being unfair, I will report this to the patriarch and make him the judge of this case.”
“Stop right there!” With a sullen face, Gloria bellowed, “You rascal! How dare you threaten me? The audacity! Someone give her a slap!”
“On it!” Dakota sneered and gave Dahlia two slaps on the face, leaving two clear marks on the cheeks. Dahlia cradled her face in shock and anger.
“Why? Are you dissatisfied? Slap her two more times!” Gloria roared.
“Yes, Madam!” Dakota slapped Dahlia hard on the face, twice. She had long harbored resentment for Dahlia, the countryside girl with good looks.
Dahlia bit her lips but did not say a word. Instead, she stared straight at Gloria.
“Is she still stubborn? Slap her harder!” Gloria was incensed at the defiant look in Dahlia’s eyes. Not many in the family had the guts to go up against her.
“Beat her up!” Dakota got two elderly servants to beat and kick Dahlia. Within minutes, the poor girl was badly scratched on the face and suffered from bruises all across her body.
“You shameless thing! How dare you talk back to my grandma? I’ll teach you a lesson today!” Dakota released her pent–up anger by hitting and cursing Dahlia. As a member of the direct line of descent, she was jealous at how Dahlia was chosen to be a candidate for the heir position instead. How could a country bumpkin and lowly slut outshine her in terms of looks and grace?
“Stop right there!” When Dakota and the rest of the women were in the middle of the assault, they heard an angry call coming from the entrance.
“Who’s yelling at our place?” Dakota looked up and was about to give the intruder a dressing down. But what greeted her was a hard kick in the face. She yelped helplessly and was thrown a good three feet away. Not only was her nose bent out of shape, but she also lost her front teeth. Her facial structure was slightly affected because of the injuries.
“Dustin Rhys! It’s you again! You animal!” Gloria’s anger reached its peak at the sight of Dustin. She rose up and attempted to hit him with her walking stick.
“Get lost!” Dustin slapped Gloria across the face, sending her collapsing onto the ground.
###Chapter 387 by Marina Vittori
“How dare you lay a finger on Madam Gloria? You crossed the line!” The elderly servants standing around were taken aback when they saw that Gloria had been slapped. Enraged, they flung themselves at Dustin and attacked him.
“A bunch of rude bitches!” Dustin’s expression hardened, and he slapped the elderly servants out of his way without a word. Some fainted on the spot, some were bleeding from their noses and mouths, and some lost their teeth, Within a blink of an eye, those who assaulted Dahlia were lying on the floor, immobile.
“Dustin Rhys, how dare you hit us? You’re asking for trouble!” Dakota stood up, albeit staggering, with a look of menace and resentment on her face. She was the daughter of a wealthy family, and her grandma was one of the heads of the Nicholson Family. A good–for–nothing like Dustin had beaten them up–he clearly didn’t know his place!
“Not only am I beating you up, but I will also cripple you!” Dustin gave Dakota a heavy kick in the abdomen, sending her flying in the air into a wall, screaming in pain and bleeding from the mouth. “You animal! You’re dead meat! Your entire family is in deep shit! How dare you hurt the Nicholsons? We’ll make you pay for that!” Gloria, who got up from the floor, hissed evilly at Dustin. No one had the audacity to lay a finger on her in many years. This young man had some balls! “Make me pay? Oh, you don’t have the right to.” He slapped her on the face again, and this time, her nose and mouth were hit, and even her fake tooth fell off. Almost instantly, she started convulsing and foaming at the mouth.
“Dustin, don’t hurt them!” Seeing that, Dahlia jumped in to stop him. She was worried that he might accidentally kill Madam Gloria in a fit.
“How are you feeling?” Dustin reined in his temper and helped her up from the floor.
“I only suffered from a few external injuries. It’s nothing.” She forced a smile at him.
“Your face is swollen. How is this ‘nothing‘?” Frowning, he looked sulky, and the more he thought about the situation, the angrier he became, knowing they had been taken advantage of.
His temper rose, and he stomped hard on Dakota’s face. Her decent–looking face was instantly horrifically ruined and bruised. Dustin finally felt satisfied and pleased after taking the appropriate revenge.
“I didn’t know you were so vindictive.” Although Dahlia was speechless at the scene, she couldn’t help but feel joy in her heart. It felt good to have someone avenging her.
“If you don’t teach these rude bitches a lesson, they will never learn.” He looked cross.
“Beating Dakota up is fine. But you also beat up the elderly, Madam Gloria. I’m worried that we can’t get ourselves out of this.” After the initial joy, she was burdened by new worries.
“I don’t care. If they want revenge, they can come at me.” Dustin sounded fearless.
“She’s an insolent and disrespectful old hag. If I didn’t slap her today, she would’ve really thought she was above everyone else.” With that, he took the check from Gloria’s pocket and left the villa with Dahlia.
1/3
Soon after, Gloria stirred awake, still lying on the ground. She was greeted by the mess in the room. Touching her swollen and red face, she bellowed with eyes bulging from anger, “That animal! I will tear both of them into pieces!”
Next, she called a number on her phone. “Hey! Get Tarragon and Cougar here! We’re executing the house law!”
When they got back to the Peaceful Medical Center, Dustin immediately took out a tube of medication that he started applying to Dahlia’s skin. Dakota and the elderly servants did not go easy on Dahlia at all. The poor victim was covered in bruises on her face, limbs, and across her body. He dared not imagine the outcome had he not intervened in time.
“Dahlia, do you want to learn a few moves from me? At least, you’ll have some skills to defend yourself if you ever run into this kind of situation,” Dustin suggested while applying the ointment. Her fair skin was as soft as silk to the touch.
“I’m not interested in fighting and killing. And I have you to protect me!” She smiled at him softly. In her opinion, one could not solve problems with violence–that would only lead to more trouble. At the end of the day, an individual would only be powerful because of his or her connections and influence, not their martial arts skills. Many of the big bosses were bad at fighting, but their existence was enough to stop anyone from stirring up trouble. The top dogs garnered respect because of their reputation and influence.
“I’d rather rely on myself. I am only truly strong because I train myself to be.” He shook his head. ” Take off your clothes. I need to apply the medication to your back.”
“Huh?” Her expression froze with awkwardness. “Um, maybe get Caitlyn to help out on this?”
“She’s out getting groceries. I’m not asking you to strip naked. Why do you make it sound like I’m taking advantage of you?” He rolled his eyes at her.
“Okay then.” She pursed her lips and slowly took off her top to display the lovely curves of her back. Her milky skin was a sight to behold, a rare beauty indeed.
Dustin regained his composure and applied the medication to the bruises on her back. Then, he gave her a slow and soft massage.
“Ouch…” He seemed to have touched a sore area as she frowned and inhaled deeply.
“Just bear with it. I’ll be done in a while.” During the massage, he channeled some internal energy to clear up the blood clots. Soon, she felt the pain in her back go away, and her body was basking in a comfortable and warm sensation.
“Dear! I’m here!” They heard a singsong voice from the entrance. In the next moment, they found themselves staring blankly at Natasha and Caitlyn, who were standing quietly at the door with the fresh groceries in their hands.
“I saw nothing!” Caitlyn covered her face and turned around, her cheeks flushed in
embarrassment.
“What are you doing?” Natasha’s expression hardened, and her eyes filled with accusation. She was looking at a man and a woman in a room. The woman was stripped down to her
Chapter 387
undergarments, and the man was running his hand all over her. It looked suspicious no matter
what.
“Ahem, please ignore that. Dahlia has been injured, and I was applying some medication for her,” Dustin hastily explained himself, but he felt oddly guilty in doing so.
“Applying medication?” Natasha was green in envy as she scanned Dahlia from head to toe. “And does she need to take off her clothes for that? Do you need to sit close to each other? Look at you- you can’t even take your hands off her!”
“Eh?” Dustin turned around and saw his hands on Dahlia, and he immediately retracted his hands in shock. He believed his intention was pure, but why did he feel guilty after Natasha’s interrogation?
“Caitlyn, come take a look. I look like the bad guy now, don’t I?” Natasha asked with a straight face.
“Um, what? What’s going on?” Caitlyn was taken aback and baffled.
“Can’t you see? I’ve become a cuckquean!” Natasha crossed her arms over her chest and scoffed. Hmph! Dustin Rhys, why don’t you change your name instead? You should call yourself–Don Juan!”
###Chapter 388 by Marina Vittori
“Don Juan?” Dustin’s lips twitched in disbelief. What was going on? Why did he get labeled as a playboy just for applying some medication to his patient?
“Ms. Harmon, there’s a misunderstanding here. He’s in fact applying the medication to my injuries. “Dahlia could not suppress a tiny smile at the jealousy on Natasha’s face.
“Well, if you don’t trust my words, there’s nothing I can do about it.” Then, she slowly put on her clothes with a taunting look in her eyes.
“Hmph! I need some medication too!” Natasha sat down beside Dustin and started unbuttoning her
clothes.
“Hey, what are you doing!” Shocked, he immediately stopped her.
She gave him a look of displeasure. “What? You can apply medication for her, but not for me?”
“That’s because you’re not hurt!” Dustin was helpless in the face of the young lady from a wealthy family who was acting like a child.
“Who said so? I am hurt in the heart, and it’s much worse than what she’s going through! Just touch it, and you’ll know!” A defiant Natasha puffed her chest, inviting him to touch it.
“Dustin, I feel some pain in the back. Can you apply more medication to it?” Dahlia did not back down and took off her top once more.
However, Dustin was suffering from a raging headache in the face of the two difficult beauties. They had always been passive–aggressive with each other every time they crossed paths, and it was tough to pacify them.
“Caitlyn! Help them out! I’ll get lunch ready!” His eyes lit up at the sight of his trusty assistant, and he grabbed the groceries from her hands and slid into the kitchen. One way of avoiding trouble
was by escaping the scene.
“Hmph!” The women glared at each other and put on their clothes, finally putting the animosity to
a temporary rest.
After a busy time in the kitchen, he served everyone a sumptuous lunch. It was a four–course dish
with soup that smelled good and tasted equally great.
“Dear, have some grilled ribs. Look at you–you lost some weight!” Smiling, Natasha placed a piece of rib on his plate. He cautiously thanked her and quickly stuffed it into his mouth with a smile.
“What’s good about ribs? You should try some chicken Alfredo. I know you like this the best.” Dahlia, not backing down, placed the chicken on his plate.
“Grilled ribs are better, in my opinion. They’re succulent and chewy at the same time. Great
texture!” While speaking, Natasha put a second piece of rib on Dustin’s plate.
“To each his own! Dustin never gets tired of chicken Alfredo. You can’t compare it to ribs.” Dahlia flashed a faint smile and piled a piece of chicken on the growing hill of food on Dustin’s plate.
“Ribs are better!”
“The chicken Alfredo is nicer!”
“Ribs!”
“Chicken!”
The women kept piling food on his plate while squabbling with barely concealed hostility. Soon, the lunch he prepared was gone, all going into his plate that was overflowing with food. He did not know where to get started.
Meanwhile, Caitlyn stared at the fight before her helplessly. She wanted to take her share of the meat, but she lost the chance to do so.
“Dustin, my darling, is the chicken or rib better?” After the fight, the women turned their sharp gazes onto him and directed the question to him. The scene was like deja vu, but this time, it was more frightening.
“They’re both great!” He flashed a bitter smile and answered.
“No! You can only pick one!” They glared at him with a threatening air.
###Chapter 389 by Marina Vittori
“I can’t pick! They taste different, and the choice will depend on the time, the place, and the preference of the person.” Dustin bit the bullet and offered a neutral opinion.
“Hmph! You’re really good at talking yourself out of situations!” Dahlia rolled her eyes, but at least she stopped bugging him.
“No matter what, you have to pick the ribs!” However, Natasha was more aggressive, supported by the confidence that she had Dustin wrapped around her finger. He could only smile without saying a word as he was drenched in cold sweat.
“Dear, come with me. I have something to discuss with you.” After the heart–stopping lunch, Dustin was called to the side to talk by Natasha.
Dahlia pretended that she was out for a casual stroll to eavesdrop. However, Natasha immediately noticed her plans and dragged Dustin into her car, keeping everyone out of their private
discussion.
“Natasha, what do you want to discuss?” He was curious.
Natasha suddenly announced, “I’ll be honest with you–I might need to leave Swinton for a while.”
“Leaving Swinton? Where to?” He was taken aback,
“I’m going to my hometown in Millsburg.” Her expression dimmed at the thought. “I have some family matters to tend to. And I need to take care of it right away.”
“What’s the important matter? Do you need my help?” He prodded cautiously. He knew that it must be a complicated matter because he rarely saw Natasha with a solemn face.
“It’s fine. Just a private matter. I can take care of it myself.” She squeezed a smile at him. She wanted to tell him the truth very badly, but she couldn’t do so. Despite Dustin’s outstanding martial arts skills, he was far from being able to take down the Grant Family.
As one of The Tremendous Three, the Grants were influential across the military, the government, and the business scene. One could say that they were invincible in the Southern province.
A single individual could never fight against a top dog like the Grants, and the last thing she wanted was to get him involved in the mess.
“Natasha, you must let me know if you are in trouble. Don’t put on a brave face and pretend that everything’s fine,” he assured her with a serious face.
“Don’t worry. I know what to do.” She beamed at him, looking relieved. It was worth taking the huge risk on her own after seeing him get nervous for her.
“How long do you plan to stay in Millsburg?” He asked her.
“I’m not sure. It could be as quick as three days, or as long as seven days.”
“Cool. I will call you in three days. If you haven’t settled the issue, I will head over to help.” He was being serious.
“No, it’s fine.” She shook her head and rejected his offer. But he cut her off and insisted. “You don’t have a say this time! Just listen to me!”
1/2
Chapter 389
“Alright.” She gave him a helpless nod, but her heart was bursting with joy.
At that moment, someone rapped on the car window. It was Dahlia, standing out there with a hostile look in her eyes. “What are you talking about? Are you not done yet? Shall I serve you tea?”
Dustin coughed awkwardly and smiled. “I’ll get out now.” Then, he opened the door to leave.
“Wait!” Natasha suddenly reached out and wrapped an arm around his neck. Then, she gave him a kiss with her red lips.
He let out a muffled moan and tasted the sweetness whirling in his mouth. His body stiffened, and his mind went blank. Did she pull the same trick again? This time, she was more bold and
passionate.
“You-” Dahlia glared at them and dragged Dustin out of the car. Feeling humiliated and angered, she yelled, “Natasha Harmon, what are you doing?”
“Not bad. He’s getting better at kissing.” Natasha licked her red lips, looking as though she wanted more. Flashing a suggestive smile, she said to Dustin, “Stay home while I’m gone. I’ll be back in two days for you.”
With that, she stamped on the accelerator and sped away.
“She’s shameless!” Dahlia stomped furiously. Too bad she could never get herself to imitate Natasha’s coy behavior.
###Chapter 390 by Marina Vittori
As night descended, there was a commotion at the Nicholson Villa as the entrance door was busted down. Then, Gloria and her bodyguards from the Nicholson Family barged in pompously. Two men, who were more than six feet tall, were eye–catching. The two guards shared some resemblance, and the muscles on their bodies were chiseled like rock cliffs. They stood there like two huge mountains that evoked fear.
“Dahlia Nicholson! Get out right now!” Gloria yelled at the top of her lungs when she stepped foot in the house. Her face was still bruised from Dustin’s beating in the morning, looking terrifying, especially with the awful scowl.
“Oh! If it isn’t Madam Gloria? What brings you here?” Florence emerged from the kitchen but jumped at the sight of the entourage.
“I’m asking you now. Where are Dahlia and Dustin?” Gloria hissed through gritted teeth.
“They haven’t been back since the morning. I have no idea where they went!” Florence replied
meekly.
“You have no idea? Are you trying to hide them?!” A woman with a bandaged face made her way
out of the crowd.
Florence was taken aback by the figure, whom she failed to recognize. “Um, who are you?”
“I’m Dakota!” The woman in bandages yelled.
“Oh, it’s Dakota! What happened to your face? How did you get injured this badly?” Florence was
shocked by the extent of Dakota’s injuries. One couldn’t tell her nose apart from her mouth, and it was harder to recognize her as she was all wrapped up in bandages.
“How dare you ask me that question? It’s all thanks to your dearest daughter and son–in–law! They made me look like this!” Dakota grimaced. She was born pretty and used her looks to her
advantage, given that she was relatively talentless in other fields.
However, Dustin destroyed her face with all the kicking and beating. It was not surprising that she would be infuriated.
“What? Did they beat you up? That can’t be true!” Florence gasped in disbelief.
“I am not the only victim. They also hurt Grandma! We must use the house law on those two treacherous jerks!” Dakota yelled again.
“Florence, get them here, or I’ll make you regret it!” Gloria grew impatient.
“Madam Gloria, I have nothing to do with it! I really don’t know where they went!” Looking nervous, Florence added, “My daughter is kind and innocent. She can’t possibly hit anyone! I think this must be Dustin’s doing. Just arrest him if you want!”
“Hmph! You and your sweet words! I want her slapped!” Gloria roared with rage.
“Yes, Madam!” The elderly servants that came with Gloria immediately went up and pinned Florence down. The biggest of them all slapped Florence hard on the face until she was seeing stars and bleeding from the nose.
“How dare you beat my mom? I’m not going easy on you!” James, who had descended the stairs, was furious at the sight and dashed over while yelling.
“Cougar!” Gloria gave one bulky bodyguard a look, and he went up to grab James by the collar, lifting the poor dude into the air like he was a puppy.
“Ugh…” James‘ face turned a deep shade of red as he was suffocated. He struggled for his life, but he couldn’t free himself.
“Let go of my son!” A worried Florence butted against the elderly servants, grabbed a fruit knife from the table, and plunged it into Cougar’s abdomen.
They all heard a tiny clanking sound, but Cougar remained standing. The blade in Florence’s hand broke into two. “What?” She stared blankly at the knife.
###Chapter 391 by Marina Vittori
Was the bodyguard made of steel? Even a knife could not penetrate his skin! “Hmph! Cougar is a martial artist who’s at the height of internal energy cultivation. Do you seriously think you can hurt him with that toy knife of yours?” Dakota scoffed in disdain. Gloria had called in the two martial arts experts who worked for her to make up for her loss of dignity earlier. No matter how powerful Dustin was, he was destined to be defeated.
“Get lost!” With a slap, Cougar subdued Florence. Gloria strutted up arrogantly and rested her walking stick on Florence’s face, saying, “I’m giving you a chance to get Dahlia and Dustin to come home. If you don’t, I’ll break the legs of your son!”
“Have mercy on me! I’ll make the call right now!” Florence frantically scrambled for her phone and called Dahlia, specifically reminding her daughter to bring Dustin home as well. However, she kept the reason from Dahlia, fearing that Dustin wouldn’t show up. That would only land the whole family in greater trouble.
“Madam Gloria, they’ll be here in no time. Please wait.” Florence was all smiles.
“I’ll allow 15 minutes, tops. With each minute that passes after that, I’ll crush one finger of your son!” Gloria threatened.
“What?” Florence was stunned. If Dahlia and Dustin were late for more than ten minutes, James would lose all fingers on both hands!
James felt aggrieved and helpless, for he didn’t ask to be part of this circus.
During the quiet wait, the door to the villa was busted open once more. A group of men marched in as though they were ready to kill.
“Sir Hummer?” Florence and James were shocked at the man in the lead. Edwin’s unannounced presence at midnight was quite unexpected.
“Who are you?” Gloria confronted the new visitors with a frosty tone.
“I’m here for these two.” Edwin pointed at Florence and James. “The rest of you better get out right now!”
“Oh, it looks like Florence has asked someone to help her out!” Gloria scanned the men with disdain. “What can a few men do? Tarragon and Cougar will easily annihilate you.”
“That’s right! You better beg for forgiveness if you don’t want trouble!” Dakota yelled at Edwin’s men, thinking that the few men were no match for Nicholson Family’s elite fighters.
“I shall repeat myself once more. Those who are unrelated to them–get lost right now!” Edwin warned them.
However, Gloria merely announced, “He needs to be put in his place! Someone beat him up!” “Yes, Madam!” The elderly servants chuckled menacingly and charged at Edwin. He was emotionless when he pulled a pistol with a silencer from his back and pointed it at the elderly
servants.
“Wait a minute! We can talk–” The elderly servants looked alarmed and attempted to talk to him,
but what followed were muffled gunshots. The elderly servants fell to the floor, each with a gunshot wound in their foreheads. None were breathing.
Edwin blew on the pistol and asked coldly, “Who is next?”
The others stared at the scene with terror. No one expected Edwin to be as ruthless as to gun down lives without hesitation. His psychopathic behavior sent shivers down their backs.
“D–do you know who I am? How dare you kill my people? You’re reckless!” Gloria gathered herself and grew furious. The elderly servants were her confidantes, and she was extremely angry to see them murdered.
“I’m uninterested in the names of the dead,” he said coolly, shooting Gloria.
###Chapter 392 by Marina Vittori
Edwin pulled the trigger, sending a bullet in Gloria’s direction. At the life–or–death moment, the bulky Cougar positioned himself to shield her, arms crossed over his chest in a protective stance. At the same time, two heavy metal rings slid out of his sleeve.
The sound of metal clanking was accompanied by flying sparks as the bullet was sent flying astray after it came into contact with the metal rings. Cougar sneered as he stood in front of Gloria like a mountain. He clearly did not fear Edwin.
Bullets from an average pistol were not a threat when he was at the height of internal energy cultivation, thanks to his speedy response in comparison to that of an average shooter. He could either dodge the bullet or stop it with his weapons. It was impossible to hurt him as long as it wasn’t an ambush from the back, and that was the power of a trained martial artist!
“D–did he stop the bullet?” Florence was shocked once more. At that point, they wondered if Cougar was even human for blocking both the fruit knife attack and the gunshot.
“Do you think you’re invincible with that pistol? You bumpkin!” Gloria recovered from the initial scare and collected herself. With Tarragon and Cougar beside her, no one could hurt her.
“How dare you shoot at my grandma? You’re asking for death! Cougar, I want him crippled!” Dakota gave out the orders.
“Roger that!” Cougar cackled and launched himself into the air by jumping lightly. He sailed across like an arrow from a bow as crushed the tiles underneath his feet, and he barreled toward Edwin at a frightening speed.
“That’s just a minor trick!” A short guy in a cap, who was standing behind Edwin, suddenly made his move and charged at Cougar. The two collided and set off an explosion. As the dust cleared, everyone could see that the short guy caught Cougar’s fists in his hand. The impact of the collision had shattered the tiles underneath their feet into pieces.
Cougar’s eyes wavered with shock as he grunted. He never thought that someone would have the power to stop his punch.
“Boss, he doesn’t look like our target today.” The short guy held his cap with one hand to prevent it from blowing it away. At the same time, he cast a cool look at Edwin. “If you want him killed, you need to top up.”
“50 million for each person,” Edwin replied, unperturbed.
“Haha! No problem!” The short guy grinned in excitement.
“You’re asking for death!” Feeling belittled, Cougar was infuriated and lashed out with a punch. The punch was so heavy that it could break metal.
“You don’t know your limits.” The short guy shook his head and suddenly lurched at Cougar. He dodged the punch and hit Cougar hard in the abdomen.
A dull thud was heard. Cougar’s abdomen, which had withstood the fruit knife stab, had a hole in it. The fist of the short guy penetrated through Cougar’s flesh and emerged from the back. The scene was a horrifying, bloody mess.
1/2
Cougar froze up and stared at the fist that pierced through his abdomen in disbelief. Never in his wildest dream had he imagined that someone would put a fist through the steely body that he trained and built for years.
“How is that possible?” Gloria and the rest were terrified and shocked, especially knowing that Cougar was powerful enough to take down a hundred men. He could even defend himself against guns with ease. To their dismay and bewilderment, Cougar was taken down by a martial arts expert in one move.
“50 million pocketed.”
###Chapter 393 by Marina Vittori
The short guy grinned as he flung Cougar’s body against the wall, where the body left a bloody trail. “Cougar!” Tarragon hugged the body of his little brother and seethed in vengeance.
“How dare you kill my brother? I’ll tear you into pieces!” Then, he lunged at the short guy like a crazed beast, only to have the short guy kick him in the chest.
Tarragon seemed to have been run over by a truck. He was flung aside and fell hard onto the ground, where he coughed up blood. His rib had collapsed.
The Nicholsons gasped at the second casualty. They knew that Tarragon was way stronger than Cougar, but even the elder brother was defeated after an attack from the short guy. That left them wondering about his origins.
“W–who exactly are you?” Tarragon pressed on his chest as blood oozed from his nose and mouth. He knew his opponent must have been a divine–level martial artist to win with just a move.
“I’m Hillcrest, a gold–tier assassin in the Bounty League.” The short guy grinned widely.
“A gold–tier assassin in the Bounty League?” Tarragon appeared mortified by the answer. Although he was not acquainted with Hillcrest, he was well aware of the weight of the reputation. The Bounty League was full of martial arts experts.
Even the bronze–tier assassins were formidable on their own, and the silver–tier assassins were
practically invincible. Not to mention the rare gold–tier assassins, who were the elites with
expertise in their fields of choice and cost billions to hire!
Tarragon had thought that he was sent here to teach some rascals a lesson, but little did he know
that he would run into the gold–tier assassins of the Bounty League. Talk about unlucky!
“Old hag, it’s your turn now.” Edwin lifted his gun again.
“Quick! Protect her!” Dakota’s eyelids twitched as she yelled in panic.
“Go!” The group of loyal bodyguards from the Nicholson Family charged at Edwin, who started firing like crazy with high accuracy. Each bullet was fatal. In no time, he had taken out half of the
bodyguards.
The rest who came closer were taken down by Hillcrest without fuss. In the blink of an eye, the Nicholsons‘ bodyguards suffered a huge loss and multiple casualties. No one was left standing.
Gloria and the others were gripped by fear and trembling incessantly upon witnessing the scene.
They had never thought that they’d lose all the expert bodyguards whom they had specifically
called in from Glenstead.
“Do you have any last words?” Edwin marched up to Gloria without expression.
“Wait! You’d better not do anything rash. I’m from the Nicholson Family of Glenstead. If you dare so much as to lay a finger on me, the family will come at you!” Gloria rebuked him sternly.
“Is that all? Time to meet your maker, then.” Edwin did not waste time conversing as he raised his
gun once more.
1/2
“Stop!” When he was about to pull the trigger, he heard a feminine and commanding voice from the entrance. He turned around and spotted two familiar faces–Dustin Rhys and Dahlia Nicholson.
“Oh! The real VIPs are here!” Edwin scrunched up his eyes with a murderous look. He had attempted to make use of Boulderthorn and Royal Valor to get rid of Dustin, but he did not succeed.
The bastards from Royal Valor had gone missing, and no one had heard from them so far. He had no choice but to take matters into his own hands and hired the gold–tier assassins to avenge his children. Now that he was face–to–face with the killer, he was overcome with vengeance.
“Edwin Hummer, you’d better not try anything funny! Release Madam Gloria now!” Dakota ordered.
“Oh, is she a madam from the family? This is great.” Edwin suddenly broke into a smile as he pointed the gun at Gloria’s temple. “I’ll give you a choice–either she or Dustin have to die. Pick one.”
###Chapter 394 by Marina Vittori
“What did you say?” Dahlia frowned at him. “Was it not clear enough? I shall repeat myself then.” The smile disappeared from Edwin’s face. “I will only spare one person. Either that old woman or Dustin. Now, it’s your turn to decide who’s living and who’s dying.”
“Dahlia! Just let Dustin go! It’s your chance to redeem yourself!” Dakota started yelling.
“Right! If you save me today, I will forgive your wrongs and even help you secure the chairman position!” Gloria dangled a promise as well. She lost her mind at that moment because of Edwin’s mercilessness. He could not be reasoned with, and he would take any life without hesitation. She still had a lot to live for and refused to be sacrificed.
“Edwin Hummer! We do not have grudges against you! Why do you have to come after us?” Dahlia frowned deeply.
“You don’t?” Edwin laughed maniacally, throwing his head back. “Oh, Dahlia Nicholson, why don’t you ask the people around you about the grudges between us?”
After Edwin’s son and daughter were both killed and his family went through a massacre, he developed a vendetta against Dustin Rhys. Dahlia was wrong to claim that there was nothing between them.
“Edwin Hummer, just come at me if you want revenge. Why do you have to pull tricks?” Unfazed,
Dustin remarked.
“I would have killed you if I wanted to. But I will not make it an easy death for you. I want you to witness your family and friends dying in their pools of blood. I want to see anger, despair, and remorse in you. That way, you’ll have a taste of the excruciating grief!” Edwin cackled like a
madman. He had nothing more to lose ever since he lost his children.
“Do you think you are capable of doing that?” Dustin had a calm look in his eyes. Many wanted him dead, but he has been unharmed so far.
“Hah! I know you are powerful. It’s hard to take revenge on my own. But today, I came prepared. I did not mind spending a fortune on hiring the three gold–tier assassins from the Bounty League just to take you down. With them here, you are destined to die, even if you are an invincible monster.”
As he was speaking, he made a gesture, and three people behind him took a step forward. The short guy on the left was Hillcrest. Standing in the middle was a man with gray hair, who had oddly ape–like, lengthy arms that reached his knees. On the right was a lady wearing a mask. She was dressed in a bodycon suit, which flaunted her curvy figure. The two knives she held were sparkling dimly and were obviously dripping with poison.
“On the left is Hillcrest. Snow Monkey is the one in the middle. You’ll also see Scorpion on the right. They are all gold–tier assassins.” Edwin generously introduced the assassins to Dustin to instill fear and despair in him.
“You rascal! It’s your honor to die in our hands.” Hillcrest grinned. “Let’s get this over with and bag the money.” Snow Monkey remained expressionless.
“Haha… It’s a pity that a handsome guy like you is meeting your end today. Fancy having fun with me before that?” Scorpion licked her lips greedily.
The air was filled with dread upon the entrance of the three assassins. The people in the room started trembling uncontrollably.
“My gosh! What is that guy doing, putting together three gold–tier assassins?” Tarragon was covered in a cold sweat. It was rare enough to come across a gold–tier assassin. It would be his first time witnessing three of those working together, which was unheard of.
###Chapter 395 by Marina Vittori
To Tarragon, the fact that Edwin assembled the best to take down an average man like Dustin, was rather puzzling.
“After all the hoo–ha, it turns out that their target is Dustin! Thank God.” Dakota let out a sigh of relief in secret. There was a saying: the enemy of my enemy is my friend. Since Edwin shared the same goal as the Nicholsons in wanting to get rid of Dustin, she believed they should not be stuck
in a confrontation.
“Evil defeats evil. Dustin Rhys, you’ll be dead today!” Gloria chuckled gleefully. She had heard of the Bounty League and understood the severity of having a gold–tier assassin here. A humble doctor like Dustin would never defend himself against one.
“You really splurged to get me killed.” Dustin shook his head, appearing fearless at the threat.
“I’m willing to give up my family fortune as long as I get my revenge.” Edwin sniggered.
“I’m afraid you’ll be disappointed today. This bunch can’t kill me,” Dustin replied.
“Can’t they? Wow, you jerk. Look at you, facing death with that bold attitude!” Hillcrest smirked at him. “A small man like you does not understand the power of a gold–tier assassin. Killing you is like squishing an ant.”
“Is that so? Try me.” Dustin smiled at him.
“Alright! I shall show the difference in our powers!” Hillcrest grinned and launched himself at Dustin at the speed of a bullet. When he was near, he hurled a punch at Dustin’s chest. However, Dustin did not dodge the attack. Instead, he punched in Hillcrest’s direction as well, and their fists
came into contact.
The hard collision led to an explosive sound as their internal energy was unleashed, leading to strong gales blowing around. When their fists met, Hillcrest’s immediately cracked, and blood sputtered everywhere. The bones in his arms shifted backward and pierced through his shoulder, and his flesh was twisted from the impact.
With a painful scream, Hillcrest was thrown against the wall. He vomited blood and lost consciousness right away. Meanwhile, Dustin stood firm in his original position with his fist
extended.
“What?” The people around them were dumbfounded. They could not believe that the proud Hillcrest, who had murdered Cougar with one move, was now taken out by Dustin’s punch. That was too ridiculous.
“You sure are something for being able to hurt Hillcrest. Too bad you’re still dying today!” Snow Monkey looked grim as he launched a quick attack at Dustin’s head with his long and girthy arms. He was much stronger than Hillcrest in terms of direct attacks. Still, Dustin stood there emotionlessly as he punched Snow Monkey in the chest at high speed.
Snow Monkey’s body stiffened before his chest dented inward. He slumped onto the ground lifelessly, heaving his last breath with his eyes open. Till death, he never expected Dustin to move at a lightning speed that he could not respond to.
1/2
“Die!” Right after Snow Monkey collapsed onto the ground, a prowling shadow emerged from his back. The figure held two blades that were shimmering with a gleam and plunged them into Dustin’s eyes. It was Scorpion’s ambush!
The attack was well–timed–she had used Snow Monkey to divert Dustin’s attention, just so she could fatally attack Dustin. However, Dustin seemed to have seen that coming. He grabbed the sharp blades with his bare hands and kicked her in the abdomen. That sent her screaming in pain, coughing up blood as she crashed into the tables and chairs. Then, she fainted on the ground.
Within seconds, the three gold–tier assassins laid motionless on the floor. Dustin dusted his hands coolly and remarked, “So, that’s the best a gold–tier assassin could do.”
As for the rest, they were gaping at him in shock.
###Chapter 396 by Marina Vittori
The Nicholsons stared at the three gold–tier assassins before shirting their gazes at the expressionless Dustin with great alarm. No one had anticipated Dustin to be so powerful. If they had not witnessed the scene with their eyes, they would have laughed at the idea of a good– for- nothing person being talented in martial arts.
“Is there something wrong with my eyes? When did the trash become a hero?” James widened his eyes in disbelief. His impression of Dustin was that he was a kept man who only learned a few useless martial arts tricks that were no match for the top assassins. However, Dustin’s
performance shattered James‘ preconception. He was shocked to learn that his ex–brother–in–law was a martial arts expert.
“Heavens! Is that really Dustin?” Florence was equally astonished. Even though she was clueless about the gold–tier assassins from the Bounty League, she was aware of the capabilities of Tarragon and Cougar. Logically, Dustin beat Hillcrest in terms of expertise, which would place him levels above Tarragon and Cougar.
“What the f*ck? Was that really their useless live–in son–in–law?” Dakota rubbed her eyes to make sure that she was seeing it right. Were the three gold–tier assassins from the Bounty League taken down? Did that happen due to Dustin’s prowess, or had the assassins been enjoying an undeserved
reputation?
“He’s a tough nut to crack. We need to get him out of the way soon.” After the shock, Gloria started plotting against Dustin. It was impossible to beat Dustin through a martial arts battle, and the only method left was to threaten him with her authority. She believed that Dustin wouldn’t dare to go against the Nicholson Family despite his outstanding martial arts skills.
At the same time, Dahlia was staring at the familiar face with surprise. She was not aware of Dustin’s skills during their three–year marriage. His secret was indeed well hidden.
“Edwin Hummer, the assassins you hired didn’t seem up for their jobs. I’m afraid you will walk away disappointed today.” Dustin looked up slowly with an amused twinkle in his eyes.
“Y–you hid your skills from us!” Edwin appeared grim. He had thought that getting revenge was easy with the help of three gold–tier assassins, only to learn that he had vastly underestimated
Dustin.
“Hid my skills?” Dustin smiled. “I have never attempted to do so. People like you do not require me to use my full strength yet.”
“I admit that I have underestimated you. But don’t be too glad about it! I’m still in the game,” Edwin warned in a somber tone.
“Oh, why? Do you still believe that you can get out of this?” Dustin questioned him.
“Even if I can’t, I will take everyone here with me!” While speaking, Edwin suddenly tore his shirt apart to reveal the bombs that were strapped underneath.
He cackled and said, “See this? Before I arrived, I made up my mind to die with everyone here. The number of bombs on me is enough to turn the villa into ashes!”
Everyone at the scene looked terrified and listless upon hearing the remark, Edwin Hummer was a crazy one indeed!
“How? Dustin Rhys? Are you afraid now?” Edwin laughed loudly. “It doesn’t matter if you are skilled. You cannot survive a bombing.”
“What do you want?” Dustin went forward and shielded Dahlia.
###Chapter 397 by Marina Vittori
“Now! Kneel down immediately!” Edwin bellowed at Dustin. Dustin narrowed his eyes. “What if I don’t?”
“No? Then I’ll take it out on her!” Edwin grabbed Gloria and pointed the gun at her temple. Knowing that Dustin was powerful, he needed to get himself a human shield.
“Edwin Hummer! You’d better be careful! That’s Madam Gloria from the Nicholson Family!” Dustin’s expression sank.
“Oh, she’s your Madam Gloria? Sounds like you care a lot about her, don’t you?” Edwin chuckled. ” Listen to what I say if you don’t want her to die!”
“Dustin! What are you standing there for? Quick! Kneel!” Dakota urged him frantically.
“You punk! Kneel! Do you want me dead?” Gloria’s face paled.
“Madam Gloria, please be patient. I’ll save you real soon.” Dustin faked an angry expression and challenged Edwin, “Edwin Hummer, just come at me! If you lay a finger on her, I won’t let this slip!”
“Oh, you don’t know what it means to be desperate.” Enraged, Edwin shot Gloria in one of her knees. She yelped in pain, and her face contorted.
“That’s too much! Let her go! If not…” Dustin continued with his threats, but Edwin had already shot Gloria in the other knee. “Kneel!”
“You rascal. Quick … Kneel, or we will make you pay!” Gloria was whimpering and wailing, drenched in sweat from the unbearable pain.
“Edwin Hummer! You need to stop! If you kill her, no one can save you from the consequences!” Dustin looked furious, and that only made Edwin chuckle harder.
“Is that so? If you care about her that much, I’ll give you a taste of losing your family!” Then, he pointed the gun at Gloria’s head and pulled the trigger. The bullet shot through her head.
“You animal-” Gloria was gripped by fear, but it was too late for her to say anything. Eyes open with indignation, her cold body fell onto the floor.
“Edwin Hummer! Your enemy is me!” Dustin acted as though he was aggrieved.
“Great! I love seeing that face!” Edwin cackled and grabbed Dakota, who was frozen in a state of shock. “I have lots of hostages here. We can play this for as long as you want. I’ll ask you once
more–are you kneeling or not?”
“Edwin Hummer, you’re being unreasonable!” Dustin chided him. Edwin did not waste time. shooting Dakota in the leg. “Are you going to kneel or not?”
Dakota finally realized the trouble she was in, and she wailed and yelled. Tears and snot covered. her face as she cursed, “Dustin Rhys! I want you to kneel right now! I’m the precious daughter of the Nicholson Family. They won’t go easy on you if I’m hurt! Kneel, now!”
“Dakota, you have to embody the spirit of a proud and upright Nicholson. You have to be an outstanding person in this life and the afterlife! We need to fight against threats without ruining the family’s reputation!”
“Oh, you motherfucker! Quit the nonsense. We’re in an emergency. Do you want me dead?” Dakota screamed at Dustin but was immediately shot in the leg again. She rolled on the floor, wailing and screaming in pain.
“I’m warning you now! You’ll make yourself a public enemy if you kill Dakota Nicholson!” Dustin hissed in anger while Dakota’s face contorted in rage. She was about to yell at him when she noticed the muzzle that was aiming at her. A bullet traveled through the middle of her forehead with a bang.
###Chapter 398 by Marina Vittori
Dakota grunted as her body trembled and came to a stop, just like her voice that died down. The darkness within the muzzle and Edwin’s cruel face started blurring as she lost consciousness. Finally, she collapsed flatly onto the ground with a thud. Everything happened too fast, and she had not expected herself to die in such a manner.
“I–s she dead?” Florence and the rest of the people were shaking in fear when they stared at Gloria and Dakota’s bodies. It felt so surreal to see the two arrogant ladies killed.
Meanwhile, Dustin glanced at the scene without much emotion. Evil defeats evil. Dakota and Gloria had always been impudent bullies who did not reflect on their actions even after being taught a lesson. Not only that, they came to him to seek revenge. Their deaths meant nothing to him, partly because he was never a merciful person to start with. He saw no issue with getting rid of the trouble by pulling some tricks.
“Hah! How does that feel? Are you feeling the rage and pain? You must be dying to kill me right
now!” Edwin laughed evilly. “To be honest with you, this is just the beginning. I have a few more
hostages in my hands. I can play this game with you.”
Then, he walked up to James and pointed the muzzle at James‘ head. “Your brother–in–law is the
next in the firing line. Kneel or don’t–the choice is yours.”
“Sir Hummer! I’m not involved in this! Please don’t shoot me!” James‘ legs turned to jelly. He fell
onto his knees and wailed, “You need to get the right person! If you are looking for your revenge, just kill Dustin! I’m innocent!”
“That’s right, Sir Hummer! We have never done anything to you. If you want to kill Dustin, go
ahead and do it. Don’t involve my son!” Florence begged in desperation.
“Dustin Rhys is your son–in–law. The family will be dragged down by his actions. No one should
dream of getting out of this unscathed. Well, the fate of your son is now in Dustin’s hands.” Edwin
flashed her a mocking smile.
“Dustin Rhys, you bring bad luck! Look how much trouble you got us into! Kneel to Sir Hummer and beg for his forgiveness. If you don’t, I will not let this slide!” a furious and panicked Florence
scolded Dustin.
“What are you standing there for? Kneel! I’m going to die if you don’t!” James glowered, his eyes
red, as he screamed at Dustin. His body was shaking violently due to fear. He had witnessed the
cruelty of Edwin in the killings of Gloria and Dakota. Edwin would shoot without as much as
blinking an eye once he was riled up. James didn’t want to suffer a meaningless death like Dakota.
“Edwin Hummer, I shall spare your life if you let them go,” Dustin remarked calmly.
“Spare my life?” Edwin broke into a laugh. “Oh, Dustin, you still have not figured out the situation! I have the upper hand now because I determine who gets to live or die! What else can you do to me if I shoot your brother–in–law in the head?”
As he was speaking, he placed a finger on the trigger and was close to pulling it, but Dustin.
flicked his fingers and sent a silver needle pricking into Edwin’s wrist. Edwin let out a dull grunt when his arm was paralyzed.
1/2
Chapter 398
“Get moving! Run!” Dustin reminded the others in the room. “Run! Quick!”
Florence and James finally collected themselves and fled from the scene. While running, James toppled over a few times because his legs had lost their strength. Dustin frowned disapprovingly at the sight, thinking, “What a loser!” The quick–witted Dahlia had to lift her brother from the ground and help him escape from the villa. None of them wanted to die with Edwin, who had bomb’s strapped on his body.
“Edwin Hummer, it’s just you and me now. It’s time to put this to an end.” Dustin inched closer to Edwin with murderous intent in his eyes. Edwin had long been on his hit list. He had made a mistake by letting Edwin live.
“Die!” Edwin roared and picked up the gun from the floor, shooting Dustin in the chest twice.
###Chapter 399 by Marina Vittori
Two shots were fired, but the bullets came to a halt one inch before Dustin’s body. A protective energy sphere crystallized in the air, forming a shield against the bullet.
“What?” Edwin’s pupils wavered in shock. He was mentally prepared for Dustin’s prowess but was greatly taken aback at how Dustin stopped the bullets in the air.
“Did you believe that you could hurt me with bullets?” Dustin shook his head.
“If I can’t hurt you with a gun, I’ll die with you!” Suddenly, Edwin pulled out the remote control for the bomb and laughed deliriously. “Dustin Rhys, see you in hell!”
With that, he pressed the button on the control.
Meanwhile, Dahlia was on the run with James. They were some distance away from the villa before hearing the two gunshots. They spun around and realized that Dustin had not followed after them.
“Dustin?” Losing her composure, Dahlia frantically clambered toward the villa.
“Hey! Why are you turning back? Do you want to die?” Florence quickly pulled her daughter back. “Mom! Dustin is still in there! He might be in danger. I need to help him!” Dahlia’s heart was in her mouth.
“And what good will that be? Sir Hummer has a gun and bombs with him. You’re running toward your death!” Florence grabbed Dahlia tightly, refusing to let go.
“What do we do about Dustin?” Dahlia was a mess at that moment.
“He’s the one who started the trouble, so he deserves what’s coming for him! It’s none of our business!” Florence reminded Dahlia sternly.
“Mom! What’s that nonsense? Dustin saved James just now! Can you stop being selfish?” Dahlia furiously shook off Florence’s grip and sprinted toward the villa. At the same time, they heard a huge explosive sound that shook the terrain. An explosion tore the villa into rubble, filling the surroundings with billowing black smoke and blinding fires.
“Dustin?” She stared blankly at the ruins of the villa, clueless about what to do next. Could a human possibly survive the explosion if the entire villa was reduced to rubble?
“How did that happen? How?” Dahlia, ashen–faced, looked like she was struck by lightning. Finally, she collapsed onto the ground, wailing and crying her heart out.
“Hey, why are you howling here?” She heard a familiar voice that sent a chill down her spine. When she looked up in astonishment, she found Dustin standing in front of her. He emerged from the rubble unhurt.
“Are you not dead? How could that be?” Bewildered, she looked at him blankly. The impact and heat from the explosion had melted steel. She could not figure out how a human survived the incident.
“Why are you shocked that I’m alive?” He gave her a funny look.
1/2
Chapter 390
“You’re alive! That’s great!” Sobbing in joy, she threw herself into his embrace, wrapping her arms tightly around his waist and refusing to let go, as though she feared he might vanish.
###Chapter 400 by Marina Vittori
Dustin felt the softness in his arms and the familiar scent tingling his nose. He broke into a smile. He could tell from her uncontrolled crying that she cared greatly about him.
“Okay, now. Stop crying. Your tears are wetting this new shirt I bought two days ago.” After some hugging, Dustin finally opened his mouth.
“What’s the big deal? I’ll just pay for the shirt.” She let go of him and didn’t forget to give him a pinch in the waist, sending him grimacing in pain. “And what was that just now? Why didn’t you escape sooner?” she confronted him.
“He’s a ticking time bomb–no pun intended. Of course, I had to subdue him before I left,” he answered matter–of–factly.
“I know you’re great at fighting, but you have to care about your safety. He had bombs strapped on his body. What if he got you killed in an explosion?” she protested.
He grinned and replied, “But I’m all well.”
“It’s all because of your dumb luck. You’d better not push your luck the next time!” she warned him.
“Okay. I’ll act like a loser and think of my safety first.” He nodded furiously.
“That’s more like it!” She nodded with satisfaction. It was all great being a glorious hero, but that was also how people got themselves killed in a slip–up. She’d rather Dustin stay a loser.
“Dustin Rhys, do you have nine lives? Why weren’t you dead from that huge explosion?” James and Florence cautiously made their way up to the rubble.
“I need to thank my lucky stars for surviving the bombing,” Dustin dropped a casual remark.
“Oh my god! My villa!” Florence suddenly started howling at the sight of the rubble when she realized the extent of the damage done. “Oh, Edwin Hummer, you asshole! I’m fine with him wanting to die. How could he ruin my villa while he was at it? This is unforgivable!”
“Mom, this all happened because of Dustin. I think you can ask him for compensation.” James was thinking fast and came up with an idea.
“That’s right!” Florence nodded and grabbed Dustin by the sleeve. “Dustin Rhys, it’s all your fault! You need to pay up for ruining my villa!”
“Mom, a villa is nothing compared to a life. Dustin has saved us. Do you think it’s fair to ask him. for compensation?” Dahlia frowned at her mother.
“Why is that unfair? He got us into this trouble. Don’t you ever think of leaving if you don’t pay up!” Florence started acting like a Karen.
“Alright, then. How much?” Dustin did not want to quarrel with her.
“Eight million… No! Ten!” Florence was thinking on her feet and inflated the price at the very last
minute.
“Mom! We bought this villa for five million. Aren’t you scamming Dustin by asking for ten million? “Dahlia grew increasingly annoyed.
Chapter 400
“That was in the past. Don’t you know that housing prices are climbing like crazy? I won’t let this slide if I don’t receive the ten million!” Florence put her hands on her waist.
“You-” Dahlia was about to go off, but Dustin pressed a hand against hers.
“Whatever. Ten million it is. I’ll transfer it to your account tomorrow.”
“Hmph! That’s more like it!” She gleefully let go of him.
“Hey! Are you mad? Where are you going to get the money when you’re running a tiny medical center?” Dahlia glared at him.
“You shouldn’t underestimate me. I provided the Harmon family with my prescription, and I will receive 50% of the sales of the pills they manufactured. Ten million is nothing.” Dustin appeared unbothered. Be it the profits from Hillview Hotel or his 50% ownership of the proceeds from Immortunol, he was guaranteed a huge amount of bonus monthly, which could add up to at least tens of millions per month.
“At the end of the day, you’re still Natasha Harmon’s kept man.” Dahlia was dripping with jealousy.
“Look at the way you put it. I am only her business partner. How could you call me a kept man?” Dustin ed.
###Chapter 401 by Marina Vittori
“Hmph!” Dahlia refused to talk to him. Before leaving, she made sure to stomp hard on his foot.
Thus, the brutal and unfortunate episode came to an end. The authorities arrived soon after the explosion. The fire brigade helped to clear the scene and put out the fire. At the end of the day, the authorities publicly announced the cause of the explosion, blaming it on a gas explosion.
Three days went by in the blink of an eye. During this time, Dahlia and her family returned to the Nicholson. family home to keep Henry Nicholson company.
The Glenstead Nicholsons, meanwhile, sent a team to investigate Gloria and Dakota’s deaths, but after learning that the murderer, Edwin Hummer, had died in a suicide bombing, they had no choice but to close the
case.
Notably, Regulus Nicholson made the decision to confirm Dahlia’s role as the chairman of the Cardinal Group. It was only time before she was officially acting in the chairman’s capacity.
During the three days, Dustin received surprising news as well. He heard that the 900–year green lotus that
Jayla Grant won in a bid was purchased by the Stoneray Order at a high price. Rumors had it that the Stoneray
Order was the owner of a secret formula to speed up the ripening process of the lotus, turning it into a
thousand–year green lotus in a short time. However, the veracity of the rumors remained to be confirmed.
In order not to miss out on the treasured herb, Dustin specifically sent Roderick back to Millsburg to carefully
gather information. If the formula were real, Dustin would have to pay Stoneray Order a visit.
He was also worried about Natasha, who had been out of contact for three days since she departed for
Millsburg. She did not reply to texts or pick up calls. Even Park Place was empty, with only a few servants
standing guard.
At noon on the third day, an increasingly concerned Dustin spotted a silver Bentley parked in front of the
medical center. Overjoyed, he rushed out to take a look, only to find Ruth stepping out from the car.
“Ruth, why are you here? Where’s your sister?” He was perplexed.
“Natasha will not be back for a while.” Ruth lost her usual rigor and appeared grim.
“What is that supposed to mean?” Dustin furrowed his brows.
“Something’s happened at home, and she had to take care of it. She sends me to you because she doesn’t
want to worry you.”
“What happened exactly?” he questioned. Based on his understanding of Natasha, she wouldn’t have missed his calls if she hadn’t run into grave problems.
“Stop asking for the details and wait for her updates. If she returns to Swinton after a few days, that means the problem has been resolved. If she doesn’t return, you should forget about her.” Ruth was ready to leave.
“Wait a moment!” He grabbed her arm with a stern look on his face. “Tell me, is she in danger? If she is, I’ll immediately rescue her!”
“Natasha is safe and sound. She’s unharmed.” Ruth shook her head woefully.
“But what was all that just now? Did Natasha run into trouble?” he asked in a firm tone.
“Dustin, let this go. You can’t sort out this matter on your own. It’ll only implicate you. Natasha doesn’t want to drag you into the mess.” Ruth let out a heavy sigh.
“How will we know if we don’t give it a try? I believe that we can overcome all the difficulties!” However, Dustin’s expression hardened when Ruth refused to open up. “Ruth Harmon, if you don’t tell me, I’ll travel to Millsburg and get to the bottom of it! Do not blame me for wreaking havoc in the Harmon family!
###Chapter 402 by Marina Vittori
“Hey, how can you be so stubborn?” Dustin’s one–track mind made Ruth blow her top. “My sister didn’t tell you for your own sake. Otherwise, you’d always be at risk of a fatal disaster!”
“Hmph, I’ve been through rain and fire for years. Is there anything I haven’t encountered before? I stand by my words–if you don’t say it, I’ll go ask myself!” Dustin said resolutely.
“You” Ruth stamped her feet in fury, but she didn’t know how to rebut. After a moment, she shook her head helplessly. “It seems like my sister was right: you won’t give it a rest. I really don’t know if this is a blessing or a curse. Didn’t you say you want to go to Millsburg to see my sister? Fine. I can take you there, but you have to listen to me. You can’t act rashly! Or else my sister and I will also get dragged down with you. Got it?”
“Alright!” Dustin agreed. Right now, he only wanted to see for himself that Natasha was fine.
“Tidy up. I’ll wait for you in the car,” Ruth said, then went straight to the car,
At that moment, Maximus, who’d heard the commotion, walked over. “Dustin, you’re going out?”
“Yeah, I’m going to Millsburg to get something done. I’ll probably be there for about five days. Please help take
care of the home in the meantime.” Dustin patted his shoulder. 
“No problem! If there’s anything, just ring me anytime!” Maximus patted his chest.
“Okay.” Dustin nodded. He picked up his bags, turned around, and got into the car.
With Maximus–who’d already achieved divinity–around, things should be fine in Swinton.
The car moved out quickly, making its way to Millsburg. After half a day, the car finally came to a stop in an urban village in the evening. They arrived at a small villa with a garden.
The door opened, and Ruth and Dustin alighted.
“Ms. Ruth, you’ve arrived.” At that moment, a kind–looking middle–aged man walked out of the villa.
“Mr. Robinson, this is Dustin Rhys. Over the next few days, you are in charge of his meals and
accommodations,” Ruth said in lieu of an introduction.
“Hello, Mr. Rhys.” Mr. Robinson bowed respectfully.
“Ruth, what kind of place did you bring me to?” Dustin was taken aback.
“This is the temporary lodging I arranged for you. Mr. Robinson used to work for the Harmon family and can be trusted. If you need anything, just let him know,” Ruth explained.
“I’m not talking about that. Where’s your sister?” Dustin pressed.
“My sister can’t meet you yet. Just stay here for a few days, and when the time is right, I’ll arrange for you two
to meet,” Ruth replied.
“Then you have to at least tell me what happened.” Dustin frowned.
“Water won’t boil if you watch it. The situation right now is unfavorable. Knowing too much won’t do you an good, either. If you trust my sister, then wait a couple of days.” Ruth looked serious.
“But Dustin started, but Ruth interrupted him.
“Before we came, we already agreed that you would listen to me. Otherwise, please go home!”
“Fine, I’ll wait!” Dustin took a deep breath. In the end, he chose to give in. After all, he was already in Millsburg.
If trouble really arose, he could lend his support anytime.
“Great. Just wait here, and I’ll contact you in case of anything.”
With that, Ruth got in the car and left. She’d snuck out, so she couldn’t stay for long.
“Mr. Rhys, please have some tea.” Mr. Robinson handed him a cup.
“Thank you.”
###Chapter 403 by Marina Vittori
Dustin accepted the cup with both hands and said, “Mr. Robinson, I’m afraid I’ll have to trouble you for the next few days.”
“It’s no trouble. It’s what I should do.” Edmund Robinson smiled. “Ms. Harmon saved me before, and my family is hugely grateful for her. Any opportunity to repay Ms. Harmon is my honor.”
“Really? I didn’t know Natasha was so beloved,” Dustin said with a chuckle.
“Why, of course!” Edmund said, his voice tinged with pride. “I watched Ms. Harmon grow up. No one can say anything about her character–no one in Millsburg can measure up to her!”
“I can tell.” Dustin nodded, smiling.
“Mr. Rhys, look at me. I was all focused on chatting that I almost forgot to do my job. Have you eaten? Please wait a moment while I whip something up.” Edmund said, hurrying into the kitchen and getting to work.
He looked like a proper househusband.
Dustin smiled softly. Sipping at the tea in his hand, he surveyed his surroundings.
The villa consisted of two floors, complete with furniture and electrical appliances. Although it wasn’t the most luxurious, it was immaculate. It looked rather homey.
“Hey, who are you? Who let you in here?!” At that moment, a high–pitched scream came from the door.
Dustin turned around to find a young girl wearing a short skirt watching him carefully. She looked to be about eighteen years old. Her features were very delicate, and she wore some light makeup. Her hair was dyed a bright blue, and she was chewing gum in her mouth, giving off a cool girl impression.
“I’m talking to you. Are you mute!” the blue–haired girl shouted.
“Abigail, don’t be rude!” When Edmund heard the commotion, he immediately ran out and smiled. apologetically. “Mr. Rhys, this is my daughter, Abigail Robinson. I spoil her too much, so please don’t hold it
against her.”
“It’s nothing. This is a normal reaction to seeing a stranger in your house,” Dustin said with a slight smile.
“Hmph, I don’t know where you picked up this random person from!” Abigail said with a cold expression,
disgust evident in her eyes.
“Silly girl, what are you saying? This is Mr. Rhys, a respected guest of the Harmons!” Edmund glared.
“Fine, fine. I’m too lazy to deal with your bullshit. I’m going out with my friends later, so give me some money!” Abigail stretched out her hand demandingly.
“You’re going out again?” Edmund frowned. “Abigail, your exams are right around the corner. How can you go out every night?”
“It’s not like I’ll get into a good college anyway. Does it matter if I have some fun?” Abigail said indifferently.
“It’s not a matter of whether you get into a good college, but it’s a matter of your attitude. Can’t you let me
worry less?” Edmund said, exasperated.
h, you’re so annoying. Every time I ask for some money, you give me this nonsense. If you want to give me money, then give it to me. If you don’t, then forget it!” Abigail said impatiently. She slammed the door shut and stormed off.
“That girl Edmund said angrily, but he couldn’t do anything. “Mr. Rhys, I’m sorry you had to see that.” “It’s alright. She’s in her teens–it’s understandable that she’s a bit rebellious,” Dustin said understandingly.
“Oh no, my pan!” Edmund suddenly remembered what he’d forgotten and dashed into the kitchen.
After half an hour, a scrumptious feast was served. Dustin took a bite. The flavor was amazing.
“Mr. Rhys, do you mind if I put some food aside? Abigail will probably be hungry when she gets home tonight,” Edmund said tentatively.
“Of course, it’s no problem.” Dustin smiled, “Mr. Robinson, you don’t have to be so reserved. You’re the host: do whatever you want. Don’t mind me.”
“Thank you, Mr. Rhys!” Edmund said gratefully. Then, he set aside a bit of every dish. He didn’t dare take out too big of a portion. Afterward, he wrapped it in cling wrap carefully.
At that moment, a neighbor suddenly bolted inside in a panic, screaming, “Edmund, it’s bad! Something happened to your daughter!”
###Chapter 404 by Marina Vittori
“Something happened? What happened?” Edmund was stunned, unable to react. “My daughter just called to tell me that Abigail got into a conflict at the karaoke bar, and both sides fight! You should hurry over and check on her!” the neighbor urged
got into a “What? A fight?!” Edmund was startled. He immediately threw down his cutlery and ran to the door, but then, he turned around suddenly and said, “Mr. Rhys, I truly apologize, but something happened to my daughter, and I need to go handle it.”
“I’ll go with you.” Dustin stood. It wasn’t good to just mooch off someone in their house. If he could lend a hand in any way, he naturally wouldn’t be stingy.
“Well…” Edmund was a bit conflicted.
“Don’t worry. I won’t make things worse.” Dustin smiled.
“Edmund, don’t dawdle any longer. More people means more power. Hurry!” the neighbor prompted again.
“Alright —” Edmund nodded. Without another word, he got in his Mazda and drove off. He couldn’t care about
anything else right now. His daughter’s safety was the most important.
Twenty minutes later, he stopped in front of the karaoke bar.
Dustin followed Edmund inside. He found a few burly men standing outside a particular room. Among them, the leader was a young man dressed in a Versace suit. His face was flushed, and he reeked of alcohol. He yelled and kicked the door. Meanwhile, Abigail and a few other female students were hiding in the room, not daring to come out.
“Fuck, it should be an honor that I touched your butt. How dare you hit me? I’m going to teach you a lesson today!”
After a series of hard kicks, the door suddenly fell with a resounding bang.
The girls inside the room instantly screamed in terror, except Abigail, who stood in front, unyielding. With stubborn eyes, she said, “Hold right there! I’m warning you not to do something rash. I’ve already asked for backup. Once my friends come, there’ll be a good show!”
“Backup?” the man in the suit chuckled coldly. “To tell you the truth, this is my territory. It doesn’t matter who you call over. I’m going to fuck you tonight!”
With that, he reached out to grab her.
“Stop!” At that moment, Edmund suddenly ran over and stood in front of his daughter protectively. “Young man, let’s use our words, not our hands.”
“What are you doing here?” Abigail frowned, not the least bit grateful.
“Old geezer, where did you come from?” The man in the suit looked him up and down with an unkind gaze.
“Young man, this is my daughter. She’s young and doesn’t know better. If she’s offended you in some way, I’ll apologize on her behalf,” Edmund said with an apologetic smile, bowing profusely.
1/2
“That bitch slapped me and broke my watch. Do you think an apology can fix this?” The man sniffed.
Right then, a girl with short hair beside Abigail suddenly said, “You’re the one who behaved obscenely first! If you didn’t grope her, you wouldn’t have gotten slapped!”
“She should thank her lucky stars that I touched her. Don’t be fucking shameless!” The man glared.
Edmund’s face froze. In the end, he still forced a smile and said, “Young man, I think this is just a misunderstanding. There’s no need to make this bigger than it is. Why don’t we all take a step back, okay?”
“Don’t think it’s over just because you said so!” The man slapped Edmund harshly, cursing. “Who the fuck are you? Are you even worthy of negotiating with me?”
Edmund staggered backward from the blow, almost falling.
###Chapter 405 by Marina Vittori
“How dare you hit my father?” Abigail flew into a rage. She picked up a beer bottle, about to swing it, but Edmund stopped her.
“Abigail, don’t be impulsive!” “What, are you going to hit me again? Why don’t you try? If you as much as harm a hair on my head, not a single person in this room will walk out of here tonight!” The man in the suit laughed icily.
“Young man, it’s just a misunderstanding. Once you cool down, we can talk nicely.” Edmund said, smiling apologetically.
“Talk? Hmph, what right do you have to talk to me?” The man lifted his broken watch and said disdainfully. “Do you know what watch this is? It’s a limited edition Patek watch that costs eight hundred thousand dollars!
Now, your daughter broke it. Tell me, how will you handle it?”
“Eight hundred thousand dollars? That expensive?” Edmund was thunderstruck. He only earned a few
thousand dollars a month. He didn’t know how many years it’d take to save up eight hundred thousand dollars.
“What, didn’t you want to talk? Then pay up. If you can fork out eight hundred thousand dollars tonight, I’ll consider letting your daughter off the hook,” the man responded haughtily.
“Well…” Edmund’s eye twitched. He didn’t know what to do.
“I can tell you can’t afford it. Fine, I won’t make things hard for you. So long as your daughter sleeps with me
for a night. I’ll let the eight hundred thousand dollars slide. How does that sound?” The man grinned wickedly.
“In your dreams!” Abigail glowered.
“Young man, give me a few days. I’ll definitely come up with the money,” Edmund said.
“I want it now! If you don’t have the money, then get lost. Don’t get in the way of my fun!” Getting impatient, the man in the suit pushed Edmund to the floor. “Old geezer, consider it a blessing of a lifetime that I have my eyes on your daughter. Even a small–time celebrity doesn’t have the price tag of eight hundred thousand
dollars. You should be happy!”
“You’ve crossed the line!” Watching her father get pushed over, Abigail couldn’t hold back anymore. She
smashed the beer bottle over the man’s head.
There was a loud sound of glass breaking as the bottle shattered into pieces, drenching the man in beer.
“Huh?” The smash sent the man into a daze, and he was in disbelief. Subconsciously, he reached for his head.
and his hand came away full of blood.
“H–how dare you hit me?!” After staring blankly for a brief moment, the man instantly flew off the handle.
Bitch, I’m going to kill you!”
“Let’s see who has the guts to move!”
A group of boys wielding baseball bats stormed in aggressively. The leader was 6’2” with a buff figure and a handsome face. These boys brought a threatening aura with them when they barged in.
“Great. Mike is here!”
When Abigail and the other girls saw the men, they lit up. All of them looked at him with admiration, as if he was their savior.
Mike Horton was a popular figure at school. Not only was he from an established family, but he was also handsome and the captain of the school’s basketball team. He usually responded to people’s cries for help. No matter what the trouble was, he could easily handle it.
“Abigail, are you okay?” Mike asked as soon as he appeared, looking like the classic gentleman.
“I’m fine.” Abigail shook her head, her eyes bright. Naturally, she had some feelings for the school hunk, Mike. They hung out together a lot too.
“Mike, thank goodness you came in time, or we would have been harassed by these people!” the short–haired girl said, terrified.
“Don’t worry. With me here, no one would dare lay a finger on you!” Mike raised the baseball bat, shooting daggers at the man in the suit. “Are you the one bullying my friends? Get on your knees and apologize now, and I may let you go. Otherwise, I’ll break both your fucking legs!”
###Chapter 406 by Marina Vittori
Mike assumed an aggressive stance, his eyes sharp. With his tall, buff body, he did look rather threatening. The girls standing behind him stared at him with sparkling eyes; their hearts pounding.
What young woman wasn’t a romantic at heart? They had fantasized about being a damsel in distress saved by prince charming more than once.
“Punk, do you know who the fuck I am? How dare you stick your nose in my business?!” The man in the suit cupped his bleeding head, his eyes dark.
“I don’t care who you are. If you don’t kneel and apologize today, don’t blame me if I shatter your legs!” Mike waved his bat.
“That’s right, apologize!” his group of buddies crowed. Boys at their age naturally had no fear.
“Great! A group of prepubescent boys dares behave so arrogantly in front of me? Just you wait!” the man spat harshly as he attempted to slip away.
“Fuck, who said you could go?” Furious, Mike swung the bat at the man’s legs. The latter stumbled and almost crashed to the floor. “Boys, get him!”
Seeing the leader of their pack get physical, the other boys picked up their bats, ready to start swinging.
“Don’t fight!” Edmund quickly stood in front of them. He said placatingly, “You’re all still in school, so don’t make this a big issue. Just let it go.”
“Who are you?” Mike frowned.
“Mike, that’s Abigail’s father,” the short–haired girl said with a scornful and disdainful laugh.
Abigail lowered her head in shame. It was really embarrassing to have such a weak dad.
“So you’re Uncle Robinson. In that case, for your sake, I’ll let them off,” Mike said, acting magnanimous. Although he looked down on people like that, since he was Abigail’s father, he still had to show him some respect.
“Thank you.” Edmund beamed.
“What are you still standing there for? Get lost!” Mike roared at the man.
“Hmph, if you have what it takes, then don’t run off!” The man in the suit gritted his teeth before leaving with his two lackeys.
“Mike, are you going to let them off just like that? What if they get backup and come back for payback?” the girl with short hair suddenly asked.
“Payback? Do they dare?” Mike laughed with confidence. “Do you know whose territory this is? I’m not afraid to tell you that this place belongs to Lord Horst of the Flame Dragon Gang! Anyone who causes trouble here has a death wish!”
“Lord Horst of the Flame Dragon Gang?!”
1/2
Chapter 406
Everyone’s expressions changed.
The Flame Dragon Gang were tyrants in this area. No one dared to get on their bad side. As the assistant leader, Lord Horst held a frightening amount of power. He even had connections to several wealthy families. If one angered him, they would die an unpredictable death.
“Don’t be nervous. My father has a close relationship with Lord Horst. In this area, no one has dared to pick a fight with me yet!” Mike boasted.
“As expected of Mike! I never thought he would even know the Lord Horst. It’s impressive.”
“Of course! With Mike’s protection, no one would dare touch us.”
Everyone began to lavish praises on him. The girls especially developed a deeper sense of adoration for him.
Mike was delighted. He enjoyed having everyone’s eyes on him and the feeling of being admired. However, he soon realized something was amiss.
There was one person who’d kept a straight face throughout the entire ordeal, not showing him any respect. “And who are you?”
###Chapter 407 by Marina Vittori
Mike turned his attention to Dustin, who was standing next to Mr. Robinson. He couldn’t help feeling threatened by Dustin’s calm demeanor and good looks.
“This is Mr. Rhys, our family’s honored guest. He came over to help out.” Mr. Robinson explained.
“Help out?” Abigail humphed disdainfully. “He hasn’t said a single thing since he arrived. You call that helping out?”
“She’s right! Although he has good looks, it’s embarrassing how much of a scaredy–cat he is.” The short- haired girl shook her head.
While none of the other girls spoke, it was clear that they were all secretly looking down on Dustin. What was the point of being so handsome if he was going to run at the first sign of trouble? He was nothing but an utterly unreliable man.
“A man should act like one, buddy. You shouldn’t try to break up a fight if you’re scared, or you might get hurt.” Mike sniggered and patted Dustin’s shoulder.
Dustin smiled without saying anything, unbothered by those measly words.
“Well, since everything’s over, let’s go back.” Mr. Robinson smoothed things over before turning his attention. to his daughter. “Abigail, I’ve told you many times not to run around at night, especially in places like these. It’s dangerous! Hurry up. We’re going home now.” He grabbed her wrist.
“Let me go!” Abigail flung his hand away, annoyed. “You can go back alone! What I do is none of your business!
“What are you doing? I’m just worried about you.” Mr. Robinson frowned.
“Worried about me? What’s the point?” Abigail snorted. “Even if I run into trouble, what can you do? It was their fault, yet you kept apologizing! You might not feel embarrassed, but I do!”
“I’m just locking out for you. Your safety comes first. And there was no need to make things worse,” Mr. Robinson reasoned.
“Does that mean I’m supposed to put up with everything?” Abigail was disappointed. “You always get treated like this. Do you know why I hate you? Because you’re a coward! I’m begging you. Don’t ever show up in front of my friends ever again. Having a father like you is the biggest embarrassment of my life!”
Mr. Robinson froze. He opened his mouth, but nothing came out. He didn’t know what to say. All he wanted was for his daughter to be safe and sound.
“What are you waiting for? Bri
at the door,
“Abigail-”
your guest and leave! I don’t want to see you guys anymore!” Abigail pointed
“Go away!” Abigail fumed, ashamed. Why was her father a mere servant who constantly had to be careful around others, while other people’s fathers were successful and famous?
1/2
“You guys should head back first, Uncle Robinson. Don’t worry. Abigail will be fine. I’ll protect her,” Mike said with a smile. It was rare to see a father being chewed out by their daughters like this.
“Thank you.” Mr. Robinson forced out a smile and turned to leave.
Just then, they heard some noise coming from the entrance of the karaoke bar, and the man in a suit who had just left came barging in violently with a few dozen men.
“There! Gather them up!” the suited man yelled.
The fierce men drew out their blades and surrounded the room, their vicious gazes frightening those inside. As students, how could they ever win against knives?
“Wait!” Mike stomped forward. “I’m warning you. This place belongs to Lord Horst, who is a friend of my dad. You’re dead meat if you touch us!”
“Are you fucking threatening me right now?” With a mighty slap, the man sent Mike tumbling to the floor. “So what? I’m his fucking brother!!”
His words immediately caused an uproar.
###Chapter 408 by Marina Vittori
“Lord Horst’s brother?” Everyone was aghast to hear that, especially Mike, whose face had gone as white as a sheet.
He never expected the man to have that identity. Although his father and Lord Horst knew each other, they were merely acquaintances. However, the man before them was Lord Horst’s brother, so it was clear who mattered more. He was doomed!
“Weren’t you showing off just now? Why don’t you do it one more time?” The man in a suit planted his foot into Mike’s chest, kicking him to the floor. “How dare you meddle with what I do! You must have a death wish!”
With that, he gave Mike another two more blows. Mike gritted his teeth from the pain but couldn’t say anything.
“You bunch of stupid cunts! What makes you think you can boss me around? Get on your fucking knees. All of you! Break the legs of anyone who disobeys!” the man yelled, brandishing his blade.
“On your knees!” His lackeys spat, their blades instantly resting on the students‘ necks. Shaking in terror, the students who had never experienced something like this frantically knelt.
“Hey! Why aren’t you kneeling?” One of the lackeys spotted Dustin.
“You guys are getting this wrong. I don’t know them. I’m just here to watch the show.” Dustin shrugged.
The students immediately glared at him, disgusted. He sure was a scaredy–cat.
The man in the suit glanced at Dustin but decided to ignore him, turning his attention to Mike instead. “Hey. punk! Weren’t you going to break my legs? Well, I’m giving you that chance right now. Go ahead.” The man tossed his baton, which landed beside Mike’s feet.
“That was
a misunderstanding.” Mike smiled apologetically. “I was stupid. How about this? I’ll set up a small dinner party tomorrow at Empress Hotel as an apology.”
“Fuck you!” The man slapped Mike across the face. “As if that’s enough to appease me! Who the fuck do you think I am?”
“O–of course, that’s not the only thing. I’ll also visit you with a grand present!” Mike forced a smile, looking rather pitiful.
Everyone couldn’t believe their eyes. The man they looked up to was groveling at someone else’s feet.
The man humphed. “I would have killed you already if you weren’t my brother’s acquaintance!” He kicked Mike aside before turning his gaze to Abigail. “Babe, it’s your turn now. I’ll let this matter go if you sleep with me. tonight.”
“In your dream!” Abigail spat.
“I’ve given you a chance!” The man’s expression darkened, and his palm flew to Abigail’s cheek.
“Don’t hit her.” Edmund hurriedly put himself in front of his daughter. “I’ll pay for your watch. Just give me two days. I’ll definitely bring you 800 thousand dollars!”
1/3
Chapter 408
“I’ve got no time to wait, old man! I need someone to fuck right now, so no matter what, your daughter will be mine tonight!” The man signaled for two of his lackeys to tie Abigail up.
Edmund tried to stop them but was pinned to the ground by another man.
“Let me go!” Starting to panic, Abigail struggled and flailed around. She quickly looked toward Mike for help. expecting him to be her knight in shining armor as usual.
“Let’s talk about this. She is my friend. Can’t you do me a favor and let her go?” Unable to stand it any longer, Mike began to plead.
“Fuck off!” The man gave Mike another slap and swore. “Who the fuck do you think you are? Why the hell
should I do someone like you a favor? Fuck off, or I’ll kill you!”
Mike immediately fell silent, swallowing the words he was about to say. Similarly, the rest of the male students kept their heads down without a word, terrified of offending the younger brother of Lord Horst from
the Flame Dragon Gang.
“Take her away!” Not wanting to waste any more time, the man grabbed the tied–up Abigail and turned to
leave.
“Stop!” Edmund sprang up and grabbed one of the knives. He slid it against the suited man’s neck shakily and threatened. “Nobody move! My blade might accidentally slip!”
“Do you have any idea what you’re doing, old man?” The other man’s face darkened.
“I don’t care about that. Let my daughter go!” Edmund yelled, the blade digging into the other man’s skin.
“Let her go!” Flustered, the suited man was scared he might agitate Edmund.
“Abigail, run!” Edmund urged as soon as his daughter was released.
“But what about you?” Abigail frowned.
“I’ll be fine. You go ahead. I’ll be right behind you.” Edmund forced a smile, not noticing when someone snuck up behind him. That person sent him sprawling to the ground with a blow.
“Dad!” Abigail paled and rushed toward her father but was pulled back.
“How dare you threaten me!” The suited man touched the cut on his neck, infuriated. “Your family should be honored that I want to fuck your daughter. I’ll kill you if you refuse!” He grabbed one of his lackey’s blades and swung it toward Edmund’s arm.
There was a soft hum as the blade cut through the air, but the noise halted when someone reached out to grab the blade in midair. The suited man struggled, but his knife didn’t move an inch.
“That’s enough,” Dustin ordered.
“How dare you stop me!” The other man was flabbergasted. “I don’t care if you want to kill everyone else, but you aren’t allowed to touch Mr. Robinson,” Dustin warned.
“And if that’s what I want to do?” The other man narrowed his eyes. “Then don’t blame me for beating you up.” Dustin answered with a straight face.
“Beat me up?” Surprised, the other man burst out laughing. He sneered. “Hey, punk! Do you even know what you’re saying? Look around you. These are all my men. You’ll be cut into pieces if you touch even a strand of my hair.”
“Even a strand of your hair, you say?” Abruptly, Dustin reached out and plucked a strand of the other man’s hair. “Here you go.”
“What?” The corner of the other man’s eye twitched. Feeling humiliated, he roared. “Kill him!“.
Immediately, there was a loud bang as he flew backward, crashing into the wall astonishing everyone in the room.
###Chapter 409 by Marina Vittori
“Um…. Everyone was shocked to see the man had been batted away. They never thought Dustin had the balls to hit someone. Besides having control over many men and being Lord Horst’s younger brother, the man in the suit was well known for being a pompous devil. Even Mike, who came from a distinguished family, had to grovel before that man, yet Dustin dared to talk back against him and even beat him up. Where did he find the confidence to do that?
“How could he hit Lord Horst’s brother? Is he crazy?”
“Offending Lord Horst is the same as offending Flame Dragon Gang. He’s dead meat!”
“What a fool! He probably doesn’t even know who he just crossed.”
Everyone looked at Dustin like he was waiting to die.
“H–how dare you hit me!” The suited man staggered to his feet, one side of his face swollen. As he spoke, two of his teeth fell out.
“Didn’t I tell you? I’ll beat you up if you try to touch Mr. Robinson. Did you think I was joking?” Dustin responded nonchalantly.
“You’re dead meat!” the other man shrieked. “What are you guys waiting for? Get him!”
“Let’s go!” His lackeys charged toward Dustin ferociously.
Instead of retreating, Dustin slowly but steadily made his way through the crowd. Like a whirlwind, he slapped away anyone who got too close. In just a few minutes, all twenty–three men were sprawled over the floor, moaning and wailing in pain from fractured limbs.
“What?”
Everyone couldn’t help gaping speechlessly at Dustin, who won the battle empty–handed. In fact, he hadn’t just won the fight; he’d completely annihilated them!
Was Dustin even human?
“Holy shit! Who knew the skinny kid had moves like that?”
“I judged him wrongly. He isn’t a coward. He’s just an introvert.”
“He’s good–looking and fights well. That’s so cool! Oh, I wish he was my boyfriend.”
After seeing Dustin’s moves, the students‘ attitudes toward him immediately shifted, especially the girls, who now looked at him with adoring gazes,
“W–w–who the fuck are you?” The suited man stumbled backward, terrified. His men were seasoned fighters, but Dustin had taken care of them so effortlessly it was terrifying.
“It doesn’t matter who I am. Right now, you have two choices. Either you let me cripple you, or you apologize to Mr. Robinson,” Dustin replied calmly.
“You better not think too highly of yourself! I’m telling you, my brother is Lord Horst from Flame Dragon Gang! You’re challenging the gang by hurting me!” the other man yelled. Although he was shocked by Dustin’s skills, he quickly regained his confidence when he remembered his brother.
Not wasting more time, Dustin began to slap the suited man again.
“Arrogant, aren’t you?”
Dustin slapped him again.
“Flame Dragon Gang, you say?”
Another slap rang out.
“And Lord Horst?”
And another.
“I’m hitting you right now. What are you going to do about it?”
Dustin struck the man and dished out questions alternately. Soon, the latter’s face completely swelled up. The girls in the room couldn’t control their fluttering hearts at the sight.
Even Abigail’s attitude towards him has changed. At first, she thought he was going to be a coward like her father, so she was taken aback to see him beat up Lord Horst’s brother.
This was what a real man was supposed to be like.
“Answer me. What are you going to do about this?” Dustin grabbed the other man’s collar and lifted him up. his frosty gaze sending shivers down the man’s spine.
“Who the fuck dares to attack my brother?” someone bellowed.
Everyone spun around to see an imposing frame striding toward them commandingly. A few bodyguards donning suits followed closely behind him.
“Lord Horst?”
The students were shocked to see the new arrival. They quickly huddled together at one side, anxious. Lord Horst was the assistant leader of the Flame Dragon Gang and had control over hundreds of men. They would never dare cross this man who hardly cared about the law.
“It’s over, brat! Now that my brother’s here, no one can save you!” The injured man started cackling gleefully.
“Oh, shit! Even Lord Horst’s here?”
“I hope nothing happens to that hot dude.”
The girls began to fear for Dustin’s safety.
Mike silently humphed and silently sneered. “Serves you right for acting so recklessly. Let’s see how you suffer after offending Lord Horst!”
He felt humiliated after seeing how bold Dustin was, and those feelings only became stronger when he realized that all the girls were now attracted to Dustin. Fortunately, Lord Horst had arrived. No matter how
Chapter 409
powerful Dustin might be, he was still doomed. Mike couldn’t walt to see Dustin groveling for forgiveness.
“You came right on time, Brother! This asshole hit me. You have to help me get even!” the suited man immediately complained.
“Did you tell him my name?” Lord Horst asked.
“Of course I did! But all it did was made him hit me harder. He even insulted you!” The suited man’s words only
served to stoke the flame.
Lord Horst’s face darkened instantly. “You’ve got balls, kid. Who do you think you are, causing trouble on my turf? Do you have any idea what the consequences are?”
“Nope.” Dustin shook his head.
“Well, let me tell you right now. I might chop off your arms and legs, or I might just kill you!” Lord Horst spat with narrowed eyes.
“Really? I don’t believe you.” Dustin wore a small smile.
“You sure are naive and foolish!” Lord Horst sneered, his gaze turning menacing. “It seems like you still don’t
understand how serious this issue is. I hope you don’t piss your pants when your limbs get chopped off.” He
waved to some of his men. “Clear this place out, boys!”
The students became visibly paler after hearing that. Whenever Lord Horst told his men to clear a place out,
someone would end up bleeding, sometimes even dying!
After all, with Lord Horst’s power and background, it wasn’t hard for him to make people disappear.
Dustin had landed himself in hot water!
###Chapter 410 by Marina Vittori
After Lord Horst issued his command, the entire room was quickly emptied, and all the surveillance cameras were turned off. Mike and some of the students were huddled together in a corner, shaking and not daring to move. They were well aware that things were getting serious.
“You seem quite calm, kid. Don’t you know you’re in deep shit?” Lord Horst was surprised. Usually, people would be quaking in fear after hearing him order his men to clear out a place, but Dustin was oddly indifferent about this.
He couldn’t tell if Dustin was brave or just foolish.
“Really? I can’t tell.” Dustin shrugged.
“I might consider letting you live if you chop off one of your hands and beg for forgiveness, so you better not whine that I never gave you a chance, kid.” Lord Horst drew out a knife and tossed it. The blade landed next to Dustin with a clang.
“I’m also giving you a chance to scram with your idiot of a brother before I beat you two up,” Dustin replied calmly.
The room fell silent instantly. Some of the students were wide–eyed as they questioned their ears.
Had Dustin just threatened Lord Horst?
What the hell?
This was the assistant leader of Flame Dragon Gang they were talking about. The person who decided
someone’s fate!
How could Dustin not beg for forgiveness, much less spew insults? Did he have a death wish?
“You do have guts, kiddo. I guess I’ll have to teach you a lesson today.” With a chilling glare, Lord Horst signaled to his men. “You lot! Teach him a lesson!”
“Yes, sir!”
Exchanging glances, several of the bodyguards began inching toward Dustin. They were the elites of Flame Dragon Gang. After enduring all the training, they had all become low–level martial artists, so they assumed that taking Dustin down with their firsts alone should be a simple task.
“He’s got skills, brother. Are you sure your men will be able to handle him?” the suited man asked hesitantly. He could still vividly remember what Dustin had done earlier.
“So what if he’s got skills?” Lord Horst humphed disdainfully. “My guards are elites that I handpicked. Getting rid of that punk will be a piece of cake!”
“I didn’t know they were so strong. That’s great!‘ The other man let out a breath of relief.
Flame Dragon Gang was one of the strongest gangs in South City. They had thousands of men of varying skills and strengths, as well as the Four Guardians, so these men shouldn’t find this task difficult.
“Just watch. They’ll defeat that brat in seconds.” Lord Horst announced confidently.
1/2
Chapter 414
Just then, groans and screams of pain rang out as someone flew past them and slammed Into the wall.
“Huh?” Exchanging glances, the brothers turned around at the same time. The bodyguard who had been closest to Dustin was now lying on the floor, unable to move.
“What’s going on?” Lord Horst was astonished. Before he could process everything, more miserable wails rang out as the bodyguards all went flying before ending up sprawled over the floor.
Lord Horst and his brother were shocked. They never imagined that Dustin was strong enough to defeat the elites so easily.
“Damn! Those from Flame Dragon Gang couldn’t even withstand his attacks. That man’s a beast!”
The students began whispering, astounded.
###Chapter 411 by Marina Vittori
“Your men seem to be quite useless. Isn’t it my turn to attack now?” Dustin yawned lazily.
Lord Horst’s countenance grew somber, his expression turning grave. He knew almost every skilled fighter
there was in Millsburg but was coming up blank when it came to Dustin.
Could Dustin be from somewhere else?
“I admire your fighting skills, kid, but I doubt you’re skilled enough to stop a bullet.” Lord Horst recovered from his shock and turned serious. “I’ve met people like you before, thinking they could cause trouble just because they had some skills. But in the end, all of them got shot to death. In this society, skills alone aren’t enough. You still need power and family backgrounds. Would you like to make a bet with me? With just a few words, I
can send you to prison.”
Edmund and the others began worrying for Dustin, who may be a good fighter but was still no match for Lord
Horst.
Putting the man’s family connections aside, the men under his control alone should be more than Dustin can
handle. After all, how could one man possibly win against thousands?
“Humph! So what if you can fight? You’re still losing to Lord Horst!” Mike spat scornfully, seeming to have forgotten how pitiful he’d looked earlier.
“You’re Lord Horst, right? I suggest you don’t try to provoke me. I’m not worried about the consequences, but
you might not even have the time to regret it if I end up killing you.”
“You-” Lord Horst’s face twitched. Although he was adept in situations like these, nothing good would come
out of butting heads with someone as foolhardy as Dustin.
“Alright. Enough with the chitchat. Let Mr. Robinson and the rest go for now. We’ll settle our differences then.” Dustin’s expression was indifferent, but inside, he was already plotting their deaths. Should Lord Horst and his men continue to press him, Dustin didn’t mind getting rid of them once and for all. After all, he’d be doing
society a huge favor.
“Fine. I’ll let them go this time.” Lord Horst thought about it and agreed.
“What the hell are you guys waiting for? Scram!” the suited man roared.
“O–of course! Right away!” Mike hurriedly led the students out of the place.
“What about you?” Abigail suddenly asked Dustin. She had changed her mind about him after witnessing his
unwavering bravery.
“I’ll be fine. Go with your father. I’ll be fine.” Dustin gave her a small smile.
“Mr. Rhys…” Edmund wanted to say something, but Dustin raised his hand to silence the older man.
“You guys will only distract me. Go home.”
Edmund still looked conflicted but eventually left with his daughter. As Dustin said, they wouldn’t be able to help him anyway. Still, Edmund could ask the Harmon family for help. He believed that, with Ruth’s support,
1/2
Chapter 411
Lord Horst wouldn’t trouble Dustin too much.
“Hey, kid. Your friends are all gone. Isn’t it time to settle our score?” Lord Horst finally spoke.
“How do you propose we do that? Dustin wore a mask of a smile on his face.
“You seem to have pretty good moves. Why don’t you work for me? I promise to let this matter go, and you’ll live a wealthy life from now on!” Lord Horst suggested.
“Hmm I thought you were going to see this issue to the end.” Dustin was surprised.
“I’ve got nothing against you. There’s no need for us to take things so far for something so minor. I’ve been through this before. All I’m interested in now is money, not excitement.” Lord Horst lit himself a cigarette.
“Interesting.” Dustin smiled. “To tell you the truth, I was ready to kill all of you, but I’ve changed my mind.”
Lord Horst froze, startled, and the cigarette in his mouth fell to the floor.
Damn it! Dustin was one of those hotheaded fools!
###Chapter 412 by Marina Vittori
It was fortunate that Lord Horst hadn’t taken things too far, or the consequences would have been dire.
“So, you agree to join my gang?” Lord Horst asked, lighting another cigarette after calming down.
“I don’t mind joining, but I want to be the gang leader.” Dustin shocked everyone with his words, causing Lord Horst’s second cigarette to fall out of his mouth.
Couldn’t Dustin say something normal?
“Are you nuts? Even my brother is only the assistant leader. What gives you the right to be the gang leader?” the suited man argued, displeased.
Lord Horst took a deep breath and stuck another cigarette into his mouth before asking. “Do you have any idea how big Flame Dragon Gang is? People all over Millsburg are dying to get in, so what gives you, someone with no power or strong family background, the right to say something like that?”
“This.”
With a flick of Dustin’s finger, a beam of light shot towards the wall. An ear–splitting boom broke out as a meter–wide hole appeared in the wall made of steel and concrete. The force that created the hole had to be
stronger than a cannon.
“What?” The Horst brothers gaped incredulously at the hole, and Lord Horst’s cigarette fell out of his mouth
once more.
Was Dustin even human? How could he be so powerful?
“Divinity Aura? You’re a Divine–level martial artist?” Lord Horst was flabbergasted and began sweating profusely. If Dustin was truly a Divine–level martial artist, bullets were nothing to him. In other words, whatever Lord Horst had said earlier was utter bullshit.
However, Dustin was only in his twenties. It was extremely rare to find someone so strong at this age, even in Millsburg. It was a good thing Lord Horst hadn’t gone through with his earlier threat, or he’d be dead by now
“With your strength, being the gang leader shouldn’t be a problem. However, people might not be willing to follow you.” Lord Horst unconsciously reached for another cigarette but thought better of it.
“It’s fine. I’ll beat up anyone who defies me.” Dustin replied nonchalantly. “Since I’m new to the city, I needed someone to run errands for me anyway. Your gang is lucky I bumped into you guys.”
Lord Horst forced himself to smile, silently muttering. “Curse my rotten luck!”
“Right, what’s your name?” Dustin suddenly remembered.”
“Nelson Horst.” Lord Horst answered truthfully.
“Lesson Horse?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. “Whatever. Just remember to talk to your gang leader when you get back and tell him to step down. If he doesn’t like the sound of that, feel free to challenge me anytime.”
“Sir Rhys, our gang leader is no ordinary man. He has a powerful family backing him up. It’ll be difficult to force him to step down.” Nelson shook his head.
16
“Don’t worry. Just do as I say. Let’s meet up within the next two days. I’ll know what to say then.” Dustin instructed.
“Alright. As you command.” Nelson answered obediently, well aware of how strong Dustin was. Dustin was not someone Nelson wanted to cross.
“What should we do now, Nels?”
The look on the suited man’s face was odd as he watched Dustin walk away.
“How dare you fucking ask!” Fuming. Nelson slapped his brother. “This is all your fault. If it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t have gotten into trouble with that nuisance! And now, the entire gang is going to suffer!”
The other man held his burning cheek, devastated.
How was he supposed to know he’d get in trouble with a man like Dustin when all he wanted to do was to have some fun with a female student? His luck sure was rotten as hell.
###Chapter 413 by Marina Vittori
In a coffee shop across the street, Mike and his group hadn’t left. Instead, they’d made themselves comfortable in the shop to enjoy the show.
“Abigail, was that man your relative? He’s so handsome and brave! He even dared to boss Lord Horst around.”
“She’s right. With his looks and moves, he makes me feel so sale.”
The girls gathered together and gossiped, their voices turning into adoration when talking about Dustin.
“So what if he can fight? In this day and age, the only things that matter are brains, connections, and family backgrounds.” Mike humphed begrudgingly. “Besides, we don’t even know if he can make it out of the place alive after offending Lord Horst, so what’s there to brag about?”
“He’s right! That guy beat up Lord Horst’s men and embarrassed Flame Dragon Gang. It doesn’t matter how strong he is; he’s still dead meat.”
“He’s just a foolish brat who likes to show off.”
The boys grumbled unhappily in return, making the girls worry again.
Dustin may be strong, but the person he upset was the omnipotent Lord Horst of Flame Dragon Gang. Fighting skills alone were useless against the latter.
“Mike, didn’t you say that your dad is friends with Lord Horst? Could you please ask for your dad’s help so that Lord Horst lets Dustin go?” Abigail implored, her eyes glued to the karaoke bar, worried that something might happen.
“Abigail, even if my dad is friends with Lord Horst, you can’t expect me to ask my dad to help a stranger, right? “Mike looked troubled.
“Can’t you do it as a favor for me, Mike? He helped me just now, so I can’t leave him like this.” Abigail begged.
“But-” Mike hesitated before nodding. “Alright. I’ll give it a go for you, but no promises. You know how Lord Horst is. No one can stop him if he’s angry.”
“Thanks.” Abigail forced a smile.
“I’ll do my best.” Mike pulled out his phone and walked to a corner before pretending to make a call. He may have promised Abigail to help, but he didn’t say anything about succeeding. After all his father was still way below Nelson, so there was no way the latter would do his father a favor..
All Mike was doing now was putting on a show to win Abigail’s favor. He couldn’t care less about Dustin’s safety.
“Done. My dad said he’ll put in the request, but the final decision lies with Lord Horst.” Mike made sure to give himself an out.
“Thanks, Mike.” Abigail smiled.
“You’re welcome! Aren’t we friends? Of course I’d help you when you’re in trouble.” Mike boasted.
“You’re spoiling her, Mike. Why don’t you two start dating?” the short–haired girl said.
“That depends on Abigail. I don’t mind.” Mike answered hall–jokingly.
“Stop fooling around, Nina.” Abigail glared at the other girl bashfully, her reaction leading Mike to think that he might have a chance.
“Look. That guy got out!” One of the girls suddenly pointed at the karaoke bar.
Everyone turned their heads and saw Dustin walk out of the building, seemingly unharmed.
“Holy shit! Mike got him out with a phone call. That’s so cool!”
“That was quick! You’re amazing. Mike!”
Everyone was shocked to see Dustin walk out, and the boys immediately began praising Mike.
###Chapter 414 by Marina Vittori
“He actually got out?” Mike was stunned. He never expected Dustin to leave that place safely. He only made a casual call to his dad without expecting much.
Since when had his father gotten so authoritative?
“Um, are you all right?” Abigail was the first to walk out of the coffee shop and approach Dustin, the rest of the students following behind her.
“What could’ve happened?” Dustin splayed out his hands. “And why haven’t you gone home yet?”
“Abigail was worried you were going to be chopped up, so she wouldn’t leave.” Nina interjected. “Still, to think you managed to get out of there safely after upsetting Lord Horst. You sure are lucky. I’ll give you that.”
“Is he very powerful? I went easy on him just now and didn’t give him a beating.” Dustin responded indifferently.
“What? You wanted to give him a beating?” Nina rolled her eyes. “Are you crazy? Lord Horst is the assistant leader of Flame Dragon Gang, and he’s got hundreds of men at his beck and call. No one could save you!”
“Dude, word of advice? Don’t think you’re invincible just because you’re a decent fighter. There are countless people out there who are stronger than you. You better lay low.” Mike grumbled.
“He’s right. You’re new to this place, so you don’t have any idea how dangerous Millsburg can be. Do you think you could’ve safely escaped if Mike hadn’t made a call to help you?” One of the boys snorted.
“Mike? Which Mike?” Dustin was puzzled.
“This one, of course!” The boy waved at Mike proudly, being the perfect lackey.
“Him?” Dustin shook his head, smiling. “First of all, I left using my own skills. It had nothing to do with others. Secondly, what makes you think that a person who cowered in fear because of Lord Horst could save me?”
“You’re a stubborn brat!” Nina was displeased. “It’s bad enough that you aren’t thanking Mike for saving you, but aren’t you being rude by insulting him instead?”
“Exactly! We shouldn’t have asked Mike to help you if we knew you would be so arrogant!” the boys agreed.
“Forget it. Since he isn’t grateful for my help, let him stay in his bubble. Sooner or later, someone will teach
him a lesson.” Mike waved their words away, feigning generosity.
“See? This is how a kind and generous person should act.” Nina gave Mike a thumbs up.
“You’ve still got a lot to learn before you can reach Mike’s level.” the boys sneered.
Even the girls couldn’t help frowning. Although they were attracted by Dustin’s good looks and brave attitude,
his disgusting character put them off.
“Fine. If you think that he helped me, then so be it.” Dustin couldn’t be bothered to argue. After lagging down a taxi, he turned and asked Abigail, “Since we’re traveling in the same direction, would you like to share a ride?”
“Mike, Nina, I’ll be on my way. Let me know if anything comes up,” Abigall said her goodbyes before leaving
1/2
Chapter 414
with Dustin.
As soon as the two left, Nelson and his brother emerged from the karaoke bar, looking displeased.
“Hey, isn’t that Lord Horst? He looks pissed. Do you think he’s going to hunt that guy down?” someone pointed out.
“Hunt him down?” A mischievous twinkle lit up Mike’s eyes. He quickly approached the two men with a sneaky smile. “Lord Horst, are you trying to find the guy who fought you just now? I can bring you to him. I know where he is.”
“What?” Nelson exclaimed, his features contorting in rage.
Not noticing the other man’s shift in expression, Mike continued gushing. “Lord Horst, you should teach that arrogant brat a lesson. Please don’t worry about offending me. You can rough him up as much as you want!”
“Rough him up? I’ll fucking rough you up!” Nelson roared, landing a firm slap on Mike’s face. “You fucking moron! Leave me out of your goddamn suicide mission! Fuck off!”
###Chapter 415 by Marina Vittori
Located in an urban village was Enchanting Villa. As soon as Dustin and Abigail got out of the car, they spotted Edmund anxiously pacing the entrance.
“Are you alright, Mr. Rhys?” Edmund was delighted when he saw them. “I called Ms. Ruth for help, but I’m surprised at how quickly she got you out of there.”
“Thanks. Mr. Robinson, but it wasn’t necessary to bother the Harmon family with something so minor.” Dustin smiled.
“Minor?” Edmund’s eye twitched. If crossing Nelson was a minor issue, then what would Dustin consider a major one?
“How about you, Abigail?” Edmund turned his attention to his daughter.
“It’s none of your business. Don’t ever show up in front of my classmates ever again!” Abigail spat, heading straight into the house. She was clearly still holding a grudge over how cowardly her father was.
Edmund signed. He was completely clueless about how to mend the relationship with his daughter.
“Don’t worry, Mr. Robinson. She’ll understand you one of these days.” Dustin reassured the older man,
Although there was a rift between the father–daughter duo, both parties clearly cared for each other. Abigail might look tough on the outside, but whenever her father was in trouble, she’d be the first to jump out and
protect him.
“I hope so.” Edmund forced a smile. “Please follow me, Mr. Rhys. Your room is ready.” He led Dustin to a guest
room.
The room was cleaned and fully furnished with branded goods. It was obvious that a lot of effort had gone into
preparing this room.
“Thanks, Mr. Robinson. It’s lovely.” Dustin was satisfied.
“Great to hear that you’re happy. Mr. Rhys. I’ll attend to other matters now.” Edmund gave Dustin a nod before
turning around and leaving.
After a moment, someone knocked on the door. When Dustin opened it, ne saw Abigail standing there, dressed in pajamas with cartoon designs. She had removed her makeup and now looked much kinder and more
sensible.
“What’s up?” Dustin asked.
“Um… could I come in?” Abigail asked awkwardly.
“I don’t think it’s a good idea for a man and a woman to be alone in a room.” Dustin wore an odd expression
on his face.
“I’m not even being that fussy about it.” Abigail rolled her eyes and walked into his room. “Close the door. !
don’t want my dad to see us.”
Chapter 415
“Huh?” Dustin was surprised.
What was she up to?
“What are you waiting for? Come here. Abigail plopped onto Dustin’s bed and patted the spot beside her.
Her pale, exposed, crossed legs seemed exceptionally distracting under the light. It was a fact that Abigail was a beautiful girl with perfect features and a voluptuous and alluring figure.
“You better not mess around. I’m not interested in minors.” Dustin was alarmed.
“What are you talking about?” Abigail sneered. “Excuse me, but I’m not here because I’m interested in you. I
just have a favor to ask.”
“I see. Thank God.” Dustin let out a breath of relief. Currently, he was also a mess when it came to sexual
relationships.
“Do guys only think about those kinds of things? Abigail was baffled.
###Chapter 416 by Marina Vittori
Dustin was rendered speechless. What else was he supposed to think when a girl willingly approached him at night?
Too lazy to argue, Dustin merely asked, “What do you need?” “Judging from today’s battle, you seem like a good fighter. How did you do that?” Abigail asked.
“Ever heard of Elder– level martial artists? I’m one of them, so I can easily handle over three hundred opponents. *Dustin answered nonchalantly.
“Yeah, right. I doubt it.” Abigail clearly didn’t believe him.
“Whatever. You probably can’t comprehend what I’m telling you anyway. All you need to know is that I’m very powerful.” Dustin summarised. Most ordinary citizens didn’t know about martial artists, so even if they met one, they wouldn’t be able to tell.
“Fine. Can you teach me some moves? I’m not asking for much. I just want to be able to defeat a dozen men.” Abigail looked at Dustin with hopeful eyes.
“You want me to take you in as my disciple?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“Ugh, you’re so old–fashioned. Who does that these days? Just teach me a few moves as a friend,” Abigail responded.
“I guess that’s fine. But to learn my moves, you have to have a solid foundation, or it’ll be useless. This means that you’ll have to start by building your internal energy.” Dustin told her.
“What’s internal energy?” Abigail stared at him dumbly.
“You can understand it as mana.”
“Oh, I get it. It’s what allows those people to become human anvils and all.” Abigail realized.
“Um… I guess so.” Dustin’s smile faltered before he continued. “It takes talent for someone to cultivate mana. After all, effort pales in comparison to actual talent. Those who are meant to become martial artists will easily understand this, while those who aren’t won’t see the results no matter how hard they work.”
“I see. Then do I have that talent?” Abigail asked eagerly.
“Give me your hand.”
“Okay.”
“I’ll pass some of my true energy to you. If you can feel it, that means you’ve got the potential to become a martial artist; if you don’t, then you’re just not cut out for it.” Dustin explained, holding her wrist and channeling some of his energy into her.
“Huh? I can feel It! It’s warm and tingly!” Abigail lit up.
“Not bad. You passed the first level.” Dustin nodded. Before he could say anything else, his brows furrowed as he realized the energy he had just channeled into her had miraculously disappeared. It was as if something
1/2
Chapter 416
had swallowed his energy completely.
“How is this possible?”
Puzzled, Dustin channeled another burst of energy into Abigail, which was quickly absorbed again. However, he had felt it this time. There was a seal inside her body, and the seal was so strong that his true energy
wasn’t enough to affect it.
Fortunately, it was a protective seal that was harmless to Abigail’s body and would only come into effect when she was in danger. Thinking that the energy he channeled earlier was a threat, the seal automatically
absorbed it.
The seal had been done by someone who was either a Grandmaster martial artist or stronger and an expert in seal making. In other words, Abigail was under the protection of someone powerful.
“What’s wrong? Is there a problem?” Abigail asked after seeing Dustin’s reaction.
“It’s nothing.” Dustin smiled. “I’ll pass you the training technique, but your success depends on you.” He wrote down the training techniques for beginners and passed the paper to Abigail. “Study it back in your room. Find
me again once you’ve mastered your internal energy.”
“Okay!” Abigail took the paper and ran back to her room excitedly.
“Interesting.” Dustin smirked, staring at Abigail’s retreating figure.
The seal in her body was extremely rare, and only close family members would waste so much time and effort
to do something like that.
Dustin instantly became more interested in Abigail’s mother.
###Chapter 417 by Marina Vittori
Early the next morning. Dustin received a phone call from Nelson when he woke up.
“Hi, Mr. Rys. Are you up yet?”
“I just woke up. What’s up? Any results?” Dustin asked.
“Our gang leader would like to meet you. We can slowly chat then.” Nelson smiled apologetically.
“Sure. Where?” Dustin responded bluntly.
“At the Flame Dragon Dojo.”
“Alright. I’ll be there soon.” Dustin hung up, did a simple freshening up, and left in a taxi. He had already
expected that the gang wouldn’t give in so easily, and since he had some spare time on his hands, he didn’t
mind having some fun with them.
After thirty minutes, his taxi pulled up in front of Flame Dragon Dojo.
Dustin got out of the car, and Nelson immediately brought his men over to greet him with a smile. “Welcome.
Mr. Rhys. This way, please.”
Dustin hummed and nodded in response, walking straight in.
Hundreds of the gang’s elites had gathered inside the dojo, each of them sturdily built and with ferocious attitudes. As soon as Dustin entered, everyone turned their piercing glares toward him, as if they were staring
at a prey.
“Hey, kid. You’re the one who wants to challenge my gang?” A paunchy, fat man emerged from the crowd. holding some beads. Following behind him were four large, bald men whose black singlets did nothing to hide
their toned, rippling muscles.
“I guess. I’m just interested in the gang leader’s seat.” Dustin nodded.
“How dare you!” The elites of the gang immediately cried out indignantly, dying to flay Dustin alive for saying
such nonsense.
“You’ve got balls, kid.” The bald man signaled for his men to quiet down before continuing. “It took me over a decade to get to where I am now, so why should I let you take my position?”
“Nelson asked the same thing yesterday, and I’ve already given him my answer,” Dustin replied,
“I know you’ve got some skills, but that doesn’t mean you can treat our gang however you want.” Harry Hall said with a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “You’ll have to prove yourself if you want to be the gang leader. I’ll give you a chance right now. If you can defeat our Four Guardians, I’ll step down willingly! Similarly, if you lose to them, you’ll serve our gang for ten years. How about that?”
The Four Guardians were all High–level martial artists who had impeccable skills. When fighting together, they were as strong as a Divine–level martial artist, which meant taking care of a young man would be a piece of
cake.
“Sure. I like doing things the simple way too.” Dustin agreed.
1/30
Chapter 417
“Great. Sign the papers, then.” Harry waved for his men to bring out a liability waiver form, which Dustin signed.
without hesitation.
“Things seem to be fun in here.”
Right before the battle began, a young, suave man walked in casually with beautiful ladies hanging off him,
“Mr. Hill?” Harry immediately greeted the other man with a smile. “What brings you here today?”
“I heard that someone challenged Flame Dragon Gang, so I thought I’d enjoy the show.” Patrick Hill replied
with a smile.
“We get idiots who challenge us every year. They eventually end up crippled or dead, so this is nothing new.”
Harry shook his head.
“I’m curious, Sir Hall. Who would dare to challenge your gang?” Patrick looked around.
“It’s him.” Harry pointed at Dustin. “He’s talking big just because he has some skills, and now he even wants
my position. How foolish.”
Patrick was surprised when he saw Dustin. “Sir Hall isn’t an easy opponent, young man. You should just spar
for fun. It’ll be unfortunate if you die because of this.”
“Thanks for the advice, but I’m confident I can win, or I wouldn’t have come in the first place.” Dustin smiled
softly.
“Being confident is a good thing, but you shouldn’t be too arrogant. There are always people stronger than you.
“Patrick advised.
“Maybe.” Dustin responded.
“Whatever. I won’t stop you if you insist.” Patrick shook his head.
“You shouldn’t waste your time on foolish people.”
“She’s right. Some people are just too arrogant. He’ll have time to cry when he’s crippled.”
The girls in his embrace sneered, looking down on Dustin, who they thought was acting all high and mighty.
Dustin had it coming if he ended up dead anyway.
“Have a seat, Mr. Hill, Enjoy the show.” Harry smiled before leading Patrick and his companions to the seats in
front. Then, he turned toward Dustin with a cold attitude. “Please step into the battle ring.”
“Sure.” Dustin smiled and walked toward the platform.
“You four can deal with him. Don’t hold back, and be careful of cheap tricks.” Harry instructed the Four
Guardians.
“Yes, sir!” the four men answered in unison before heading toward the battle ring as well.
“How many blows do you think that punk can stand?” one of the women asked Patrick.
“The battle will most likely end within after ten rounds,” Patrick answered calmly.
The Four Guardians were quite famous in South City. Alone, they weren’t the strongest, but once they worked together, their strength increased tremendously. Besides, as martial artists with impenetrable skin, their body was incredibly strong, so Dustin was bound to struggle against them.
“You think too highly of them. Look at how skinny he is. I bet he’ll be defeated with five blows.”
“I say three.”
The ladies jeered.
Everyone knew how powerful the Four Guardians were, so there was no way a young man in his twenties could withstand their attacks.
###Chapter 418 by Marina Vittori
“You must have a death wish for challenging the four of us, kid!”
On the platform, the four bald men stared at Dustin intently with cold smiles. They’ve met countless skilled martial artists in Millsburg, but they had defeated all of those who challenged them. Dustin was not going to be any different.
“Cut the chit–chat. Let’s fight.” Dustin kept his left hand behind his back and stretched out his right.
“Since you’re determined to die, let me help you!” One of the bald men couldn’t wait any longer and dashed toward Dustin, throwing a punch at the man. The force and speed of his attack produced an audible whoosh,
“What a powerful punch! It could kill someone easily!”
“I take back what I said. He won’t even last one punch!”
The ladies were stunned by the bald man’s strength.
While Patrick didn’t say much, he was secretly shaking his head. Each of the Four Guardians was a High–level martial artist, and a strike from any of them was enough to crush stones. Not many could withstand their
attacks.
“Foolish boy!” Harry sneered, confident that this was the end of the battle.
Nelson merely stood silently at the side, not saying a word.
Under everyone’s watchful gaze, the bald man’s fist landed heavily on Dustin’s chest with a thud.
Shockingly, Dustin seemed completely unaffected. Instead, the man who had attacked him staggered back, nearly tripping. The bones in his fist had shattered, and he could no longer raise his arm.
“How can this be?” The bald man was astonished. He had used his full power, which could have punched through walls. Yet, punching Dustin had been like punching a mountain. Instead of hurting him, the bald man
only hurt himself.
How terrifying!
“What?”
Everyone was shocked to see the bald man stumbled backward. They had all assumed the punch was enough
to end Dustin, who turned out unharmed.
“Stop playing around and end this.” The eldest of the four brothers spoke.
The youngest brother gritted his teeth and raised his uninjured left arm, throwing another punch, He couldn’t stand the thought of–No, he couldn’t believe someone could end up unscathed after suffering his punch.
Another thwack sounded as the bald man punched Dustin at full force again, but the results were the same. Dustin was uninjured, while the other man staggered back from the force, the bones in his fists shattered.
“Brother, there’s something weird about him! The bald man’s face had contorted in pain as he sweated profusely. His punches had completely destroyed his arms, and there was nothing else he could do.
1/2
“Let’s attack together!” Realizing the severity of the situation, the eldest brother stopped holding back.
Under his order, the four of them launched themselves at Dustin at the same time. Some used their fists, while others used their legs, attacking Dustin from all directions.
Like a statue, Dustin didn’t move an inch.
The Four Guardian’s attacks rained down on him ceaselessly, yet the results were the same. Dustin remained unbothered and unharmed, while the four brothers were forced to stumble backward, infuriated.
###Chapter 419 by Marina Vittori
For a moment, the room fell into an eerie silence, stunned by what had transpired. “You should give up if that’s all you’ve got.” Dustin stretched, bored.
“You’re dead meat!” Pissed, the Four Guardians exchanged glances before launching themselves at Dustin again.
This time, they gave it their all aiming for his vital or vulnerable spots with firm attacks.
“Humph!”
With a mighty stomp, the ground beneath them gave way, forming a large pit. The commotion shook the entire dojo, and at the same time, extreme Divine Aura whirled around before heading straight toward the four
brothers.
Like they were being hit by a truck, the four men were thrown into the air, blood gushing out of their mouths and noses, before they landed on the floor heavily, passing out instantly.
“Um
The crowd gaped at the fallen men in disbelief. They couldn’t believe that the Four Guardians of Flame Dragon Gang, who were all High–level martial artists who had never lost any battles, had been utterly crushed by Dustin.
Just how monstrously strong was Dustin?
“H–he won?”
The ladies covered their mouths in shock. They’d thought that Dustin was no match for the Four Guardians and that they could defeat Dustin easily. Instead, Dustin got rid of them with a single stomp. If they hadn’t personally witnessed the entire ordeal, they might have thought that this was a scene from a movie.
“How is that possible?” Harry sprung up, incredulous. The Four Guardians had been the ace up his sleeve and Flame Dragon Gang’s pillar of strength, but Dustin had defeated them effortlessly.
Harry felt extremely vulnerable after seeing the aftermath.
“Was that Divine Aura?” Patrick was shocked as well.
Only Divine–level martial artists could let out internal energy like that. When martial artists achieved divinity. their internal energy would then be called Divine Aura. The latter was over a hundred times stronger than ordinary internal energy.
Since it had been revealed that Dustin was a Divine–level martial artist, they no longer needed to wonder why he acted so fearlessly.
It was extremely rare to find Divine–level martial artists so young.
“I was right. He’s a monster.” Nelson gulped, utterly impressed.
Among the people in the dojo, he was the only one who knew how strong Dustin was, but he’d held out hope
Chapter 415.
since he’d been confident in the Four Guardian’s skills, which had turned out to be useless.
“Who wants to try next?” Dustin surveyed the place calmly.
Flame Dragon Gang’s elites exchanged nervous glances with each other, but no one spoke up. They knew. they’d only embarrass themselves by challenging someone who had defeated the Four Guardians.
“What now, Sir Hall?” Dustin turned his attention to Harry.
“I didn’t know you were so strong. I accept my defeat.” Harry sighed, looking conflicted. “I will step down. From today onward, you shall be the new leader of Flame Dragon Gang.”
“An honorable man indeed.” Dustin smiled. “But don’t worry. I’ll merely be the gang leader in name. I won’t
interfere with the gang matters, so you still have your authority.”
“Thank you, sir!”
###Chapter 420 by Marina Vittori
Harry’s face lit up, and he hurriedly saluted. “All hail, Sir Rhys, our new leader!” “All hail, Sir Rhys!” The crowd quickly saluted as well.
In the martial world, strength is paramount, and since Dustin had proven his strength, he now had the right to lead them.
“Congrats, bro. What’s your name?” Patrick stood up and saluted, wanting to befriend this young talented man. “Dustin Rhys.” Dustin saluted back.
“My name’s Patrick Hill. Today’s show was mind–boggling. Would you be interested in visiting the Hill family residence?” Patrick offered.
“I’ll be sure to visit when I’m free.” Dustin returned the pleasantries, feeling quite fond of the other man.
“Sir, why don’t we take this opportunity to have a drink together? High Point Building next door is quite a nice place.” Harry invited.
“Sure.” Dustin nodded and turned to look at Patrick. “Care to join us?”
“It’d be my pleasure.” Patrick answered with a smile.
Thus, Harry led the group of people to the building next door.
High Point Building was a Victorian–style restaurant with three beautifully decorated floors. Harry, who was a regular, led them straight to the Sky Lounge.
“You’re here again, Harry?” A beautiful woman in her thirties entered the room, carrying two bottles of wine. Her voluptuous figure was extremely alluring and could tempt any man.
“Roxy, meet our new gang leader, Sir Rhys. He’ll be in charge of Flame Dragon Gang from now on.” Harry gestured towards Dustin.
“Nice to meet you, Sir Rhys.” Roxy lowered her body, her breasts nearly popping out of her shirt.
Dustin nodded without saying much.
“Put the bottles down and bring out your signature dishes. We’re going to celebrate.” Harry told her with a
smile.
“Sure thing. Please give me a moment.” Roxy smiled invitingly and left the room, swaying her hips provocatively.
Dustin turned his head for another look. He had to admit that Roxy had a wonderful body.
“I’d like to offer you a toast with this fine vodka, Sir Rhys!” Smiling, Harry poured Dustin a glass. Instantly, the pleasant aroma of the liquor filled the room.
“The woman who just came in. Is she yours?” Dustin suddenly asked.
“Yep. She’s been with me for years.” Harry answered truthfully with a nod.
1/2
Chapter 420
“She’s a locker for sure.” Dustin smiled.
His words caused the ladies beside Patrick to frown. How could he tease someone else’s woman the moment.
they meet?
“She was much prettier when she was younger. Harry forced a smile.
“I don’t think so. Her body looks so mature. I’m sure no man can resist her.” Dustin commented with a mask of
a smile.
Harry’s smile stiffened, but he couldn’t say anything back.
Dustin pressed. “At her age, I bet she has a lot of needs.”
“Yeah, uh, it’s been getting harder to handle her these days. I take supplements regularly now.” Harry put on a forced grin.
“Since you’re struggling, why don’t I help you?” Dustin smiled. “I’ve got a strong body, after all.”
His words made the whole room go silent. No one could have expected him to make such a vulgar request about fucking someone else’s woman in front of them.
He had taken things too far!
###Chapter 421 by Marina Vittori
“Sir Rhys, you’re taking things too far.” Harry’s smile slowly turned cold. No one could stand taunts like that. no matter how well–mannered they were.
“Aren’t we friends? Shouldn’t I help you in times of trouble? After all, helping others makes me happy.” Dustin’s smile was still happy as ever.
“I don’t need your help on this, Sir Rhys. I can take care of it myself. Let’s drink. Harry struggled to keep the smile on his face and quickly changed the subject.
Still, Dustin didn’t let go of the topic. “Why don’t you ask her what she thinks? Who knows? She might agree.”
“Hey! That’s enough!”
The ladies could no longer hold back.
“Who knew you’re such a disgusting man under that nice–looking face? How could you keep your eye on
someone else’s woman?”
“Exactly. Just because you’re powerful doesn’t mean that you can humiliate others like this. You’re crossing
the line!”
*Search for a prostitute elsewhere instead of putting us off.”
As women, they felt utterly disgusted by Dustin’s attitude.
Patrick merely narrowed his eyes without saying much. He has only known Dustin for a short time, so he couldn’t firmly identify Dustin’s personality. However, if this was Dustin’s true colors, it’d be best for Patrick to stay away from the other man. He didn’t have any cuckolding fetishes.
“Why are you ladies getting so worked up? He hasn’t even said anything yet,” Dustin responded indifferently.
“You’re shameless!”
The ladies were livid. They’ve never met someone as sick as him.
“Ahem, if she’s your type, I’ll definitely get someone to serve you tonight.” Nelson tried to smooth things over.
“He’s right. There are so many women out there. This is your lucky day. Let’s have a good time. I hope you pardon me for anything I’ve said to offend you earlier. To pay my respects, I take the first shot!” Harry lifted his glass and downed the drink.
“Why, your tolerance is impeccable. Very impressive.” Dustin smiled teasingly.
“I see. So you were joking.” Understanding dawned on Nelson.
“You shouldn’t play pranks like this on your friends, Sir Rhys.” Harry let out a breath of relief, sweat unknowingly beading his forehead.
“Who said I was joking?” Dustin’s expression turned ruthless. “You have two choices right now.
me fuck your woman or die here.”
Everyone’s expression darkened straight away. Was he threatening Harry?
You let
1/2
“Don’t you think you’re being unreasonable? Harry frowned unhappily.
“So what? I’ll count to three. If you don’t make up your mind, I’ll do it for you.” Dustin held out three fingers.
*Sir! I never did anything wrong. Why are you doing this to me?” Harry’s fists clenched.
“Three …”
“I know you’re a powerful man, but you shouldn’t be so unreasonable!”
“Two…”
“The martial world has its own rules. Your actions will cause backlash!”
“One”
“Sir, you-”
“Time’s up.”
Dustin grabbed a fork from the table and stabbed it into Harry’s throat in one fluid motion. Blood instantly began trickling down the length of the fork, dying the man’s shirt red.
“Ugh!” Harry froze, his face showing his disbelief, never expecting Dustin to act so mercilessly.
Harry’s sudden death shocked the entire room, and they remained rooted to their seats, unable to process
what had just transpired. Dustin decided to kill someone merely because the latter refused to let him sleep with his woman. He must be crazy!
“Y–y–you crazy bastard! How could you kill him?”
After a pause, all hell broke loose.
###Chapter 422 by Marina Vittori
The ladies shrank away from the table in terror. Nelson, looking as though he’d seen a ghost, immediately pulled away, worried that Dustin might suddenly kill him as well. The only one left calmly sitting in his seat was Patrick.
“Can I know what you have against Harry?” Patrick asked cooly. “Nothing.” Dustin shook his head. “Then, do you have a grudge against him?”
“Nope.”
“Then, why did you kill him?”
“Because he deserved to die.”
“And the reason?” Patrick pressed. He despised people who killed others without reason. No matter how powerful those people might be, they didn’t deserve to be his friends.
“Mr. Hill, doesn’t the vodka smell wonderful?” Instead of answering Patrick’s question, Dustin countered with a question of his own.
“Why does that matter?” Patrick frowned. “It smells extremely delicious. Too delicious, in fact.” Dustin pulled out a silver needle and stuck it into the glass. When he drew the needle back out, the tip had already turned black!
“It’s poisoned?” Patrick paled. The needle didn’t just prove that there was poison in the vodka but that the
poison was extremely potent!
“How could that be?” The crowd exchanged fearful looks. They had nearly drunk the same vodka.
“This is why I killed him,” Dustin responded calmly. “He puts on a facade of flattery but was secretly plotting such a deadly plan. Should I have kept a man like him alive?”
“I see …” Patrick quickly understood. So Dustin had already seen through Harry’s plan. No wonder he killed the latter with such certainty, while Patrick was still kept in the dark.
“Even if the drink was poisoned, you can’t prove that Harry was the one who did it.” One of the ladies humphed
stubbornly, unable to accept Dustin’s reckless action.
How could he kill someone without proof?
“Both the vodka and the woman belong to him. Do you really think that he had nothing to do with this?” Dustin reasoned. “I was testing him earlier, but he endured it and kept changing the topic, trying to make me drink.
What else could this mean?”
His words rendered the ladies speechless. Now that they thought about it, things did seem odd. After all, nc
ordinary man would be able to tolerate someone else humiliating their woman.
“You’re so observant, Dustin. I’m impressed!” Patrick’s smile returned. It was rare to see a young man as
Chapter 422
strong and observant as Dustin.
“Do you agree with what I said, Nelson?” Dustin turned his attention to the man in the corner of the room.
“Huh?” Startled, Nelson threw himself onto his knees before Dustin, sweating profusely. “It had nothing to do with me, sir! I had no idea! Harry planned this on his own! Please don’t kill me!”
“Why are you so nervous? I never said I was going to kill you.” Dustin helped Nelson to his feet before
continuing. “I know an honest man like you would never do something like this.”
“Thank you, sir! Thank you so much!” Nelson thanked repeatedly, tears streaming down his cheeks. He was absolutely terrified. Harry’s corpse lay next to him, his lifeless eyes staring at Nelson, creeping the man out.
*Take care of this. You’re in charge of the gang from now on.” Dustin instructed, patting Nelson’s shoulder.
Nelson’s knees went weak, and he sank to the floor. To think that the mighty Lord Horst of Flame Dragon Gang was shaking in fear.
###Chapter 423 by Marina Vittori
Now that Harry was dead, Nelson, the assistant leader, successfully took over and replaced him as the one in charge of the Flame Dragon Gang. With thousands of disciples and hundreds of elite members, the Flame Dargon Gang was a significant force in the entire Millsburg. It would be easier for Dustin to do things in Millsburg with the Flame Dragon Gang backing him up.
“Dustin, although you are now the leader of Flame Dragon Gang, you might still face some troubles ahead,” Patrick reminded him as they walked out of High Point Building.
“Troubles? What do you mean?” Dustin asked curiously. “Harry didn’t rise to power from nothing. He always had someone backing him up. By killing Harry, you’ll definitely offend that person,” Patrick said.
“Oh? Who is this person?” Dustin asked.
“Terry Doyle, the eldest son of the Doyle family.”
“Terry Doyle? I haven’t heard of him.” Dustin shook his head.
“I can tell that you’re not local. Everyone here knows Terry, but I must tell you, that man is not simple.” Harry’s face carried a hint of seriousness. “The Doyle family is an ancient martial arts family and is one of the Fabulous Five. They hold significant influence in the martial arts world of Balerno. Terry is the heir of the Doyle family and is in his early thirties. He is already one of the Heavenly Immortals! Only a few among the younger generation in Millsburg can match him! If you encounter Terry, you must be extremely careful. This person seeks revenge for the smallest grievances, and anyone who offends him doesn’t have a good ending.”
Upon hearing that, Dustin couldn’t help but smile. “Thank you for the reminder, Patrick. I will be cautious.”
“Of course, nothing in this world is absolute. If you can find a backer in Millsburg, such as the Hills family, I believe Terry wouldn’t dare to act rashly.”
Patrick’s tone changed as he began to coax, “The Hill family still holds considerable influence in Millsburg. With your talent and strength, you can become our consultant. I’m just not sure if you’re interested.”
“Thank you for your kind offer, Patrick, but I haven’t considered it for now. Let’s discuss it if there’s an opportunity,” Dustin politely declined with a smile. He was accustomed to freedom and didn’t want to be bound by others.
“Hey! Do you even know what you’re saying?”
At this moment, a glamorous woman next to them spoke unhappily. “Becoming a consultant of the Hill family is a dream sought after by countless people. Mr. Hill values you and wants to win you over, I didn’t expect your to be so ungrateful!”
“Shut up! Don’t be disrespectful!” Patrick turned around and glared at her before apologizing to Dustin. “Dustin, I apologize. It was my failure to discipline her. Please forgive me.”
“It’s alright.” Dustin waved his hand, not wanting to dwell on it.
“Since you have other aspirations, I won’t force you. But you can come find me anytime if you change your
1/2
Chapter 423
mind.” Patrick smiled.
“Sure.” Dustin nodded slightly.
Just as they were exchanging pleasantries, Patrick’s phone suddenly rang. His face instantly changed upon answering the call.
“What? Grandfather old injury has relapsed, and he fainted? How did this happen? Alright! I’ll go home immediately. You quickly go and fetch the doctor!”
Patrick’s face fell after hanging up the phone. “Dustin, something urgent happened at home. I have to take my leave.”
“Is someone in your family sick?” Dustin asked tentatively.
“Yes, my grandfather exerted himself too much during his cultivation, and his old injury acted up. The situation
is not good.” Patrick looked solemn.
“If it’s an internal injury. I have a pill that works exceptionally well.” Dustin took a black pill and said, “It’s called the Gemiphen. It can invigorate blood circulation, dispel stasis, and strengthen the body. It may be
helpful for your grandfather’s chronic internal injury.”
“Thank you, Dustin!” Patrick expressed his gratitude and accepted the pill. Although he didn’t believe this pill could heal his grandfather’s injury, it was still a gesture from Dustin, and he didn’t want to refuse it.
After watching Patrick leave hurriedly, Dustin hailed a taxi by the roadside and returned to the villa in the
urban village.
###Chapter 424 by Marina Vittori
Just as he entered the house, Abigail ran toward him and shouted excitedly, “Uncle! I did it. I did it!”
“What do you mean?” Dustin was shocked. “Are you pregnant?”
How could she get pregnant at such a young age? This girl was too wild. “Gosh! Of course not! I’m still a virgin!” Abigail retorted, rolling her eyes.
“Why are you so excited if you’re not pregnant?” Dustin was speechless. She shocked him for a second.
“Didn’t you teach me the cultivation technique last night? Well, I’m thrilled to announce that I have successfully cultivated my internal energy!” Abigail said, beaming with joy.
“What? So soon?” Surprised, Dustin frowned.
Usually, it would take an average martial artist at least a year or more to cultivate internal energy. Even for exceptionally talented individuals, it would still take several months to grasp the basics. Yet, Abigail claimed to have achieved it overnight. Did she master it that fast?
Dustin was skeptical and reached out to feel her pulse. Indeed, he felt a faint flow of energy circulating in her core. Although the energy was very subtle, she indeed had internal energy.
In other words, Abigail really succeeded!
In just one night, she had achieved what ordinary martial artists would take a year or more of arduous training to accomplish. Her talent was truly exceptional!
Just imagine, while others struggled for ten years, Abigail could achieve the same level of mastery in just a day of leisurely practice. How could anyone compete with that?
Hard work paled in comparison to natural talent.
“So, what do you think? I succeeded, didn’t I? I told you I’m not lying!” Abigail boasted.
“I have to admit you do have remarkable talent. It takes ordinary individuals a year to reach the same level, but
you managed it in just one day. You are truly a rare martial arts prodigy,” Dustin praised with a smile.
“Hahaha… I knew it!” Abigail laughed triumphantly. “Even though I may not be the sharpest tool in the shed.
I’ve never lost a fight.”
“Hmm. Are you saying you’re stupid?” Dustin asked.
“Pffft! No way! You’re the stupid one!” Abigail retorted. She narrowed her eyes and said, “I mean, I may not be good at studying, but I’m excellent at fighting. There’s a saying, how does it go? Everyone is born to succeed!”
“Girl, honestly, with your martial arts talent, you’ll be in high demand wherever you go. All the major sects will compete to recruit you. So, from now on, you need to think about where you want to develop yourself,” Dustin suddenly said.
“Well, I don’t really know yet.”
Abigail scratched her head and said, “Forget it. Let’s not worry about that for now. Since I’m just starting out,
1/2
Chapter 424
you can teach me first. Consider it a favor to you.”
“A favor to me? That sounds odd.” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“Think about it. I’m a martial arts prodigy. When I become famous and renowned, won’t you benefit too?” Abigail raised her chin.
“I guess I’ll have to wait for that.” Dustin shook his head.
“Hey! Are you underestimating me? You just said it yourself. I’m a prodigy. One day of practice for me is equivalent to one year for others. As long as I casually train, I’ll soon dominate the martial arts world!” Abigail was quite proud.
“It’s not that simple. Even if you have great talent, you still need to hone your skills.” Dustin chuckled.
“Hmph! That’s just how you mortals see it. You don’t understand the world of geniuses.” Abigail shook her head and asked proudly. “By the way, how long did it take you to achieve the basic level of internal energy? One year or two years?”
Dustin didn’t say anything but instead raised three fingers.
“No way? It actually took you three years?” Surprised, Abigail said, “Gosh, you’re really behind. I finished it in only one night, and you spent that much time?”
“Don’t judge others based on your own limited perspective.” Dustin said unkindly. “It took me three minutes to achieve the basic level of internal energy.”
###Chapter 425 by Marina Vittori
“What? Three minutes?” Upon hearing that, Abigail was dumbfounded. Didn’t he say it took ordinary martial artists a year or more to achieve the basic level? Even she, a once–in– century genius, took a day to cultivate her internal energy. To achieve it in a day was already worthy of being called a prodigy. Yet Dustin achieved it in three minutes? What should she call him A monster?
A freak?
At this moment, she felt deeply shocked. Her earlier bit of pride evaporated into thin air.
“Are you… kidding me?” Abigail couldn’t accept it..
“Why would I lie to you? I gain nothing from it.” Dustin shrugged and said calmly. “Besides, it’s just talent. It doesn’t represent strength. This world is never lacking in geniuses. The path of martial arts is arduous and long. To become a true powerhouse, both talent and effort are indispensable.”
“I understand! I’ll work hard and catch up to you soon! Abigail clenched her fist. Then she decisively ran upstairs and began her intense training. Dustin laughed. He saw a familiar figure in Abigail.
Abigail was exactly like that girl from the Spanner family ten years ago. At that moment, knocks rang out from the door. Dustin opened the door and found Ruth standing outside.
“Ruth, how is your sister? Does she want to see me?” Dustin’s eyes lit up.
Ruth remained silent. She lowered her head and glanced behind her with a hesitant expression. Only then did
Dustin notice two people standing in the courtyard behind her.
It was a man and a woman.
With a tall and imposing figure, the man seemed to be in his forties and fifties. He exuded a compelling aura
from head to toe.
Dustin felt somewhat intimidated.
As for the woman, she had taken great care of her appearance. She had fair and tender skin, a well-
proportioned figure, delicate features, and a lingering charm.
She was none other than Ruth’s mother, Jessica!
“So, you’re Dustin?” the man spoke first. His tone was calm and emotionless but carried a tinge of domination.
“Yes, that’s me.” Dustin nodded.
“I am Hector, Natasha’s father.” The man got straight to the point.
“Oh, Mr. Harmon. Please come inside.” Dustin smiled faintly and Immediately extended his hand in a welcoming gesture. From the moment he saw Jessica, he had guessed the identity of the visitors.
1/2
Chapter 425
“There’s no need for that. I came here today to have a few words with you,” Hector said calmly. “Natasha is already engaged to someone, and by the end of this month, she will be married. So I hope you won’t meet my daughter anymore.”
“Married?” Dustin frowned. “Why didn’t she tell me?”
“What difference would it make if she told you? This decision was made by two prominent families, and no one can change that.” Hector continued expressionlessly. “Young man, I don’t know if you truly love my daughter or are attracted to her family background. It doesn’t matter. In any case, the bottom line is to stay away from my daughter.”
As he spoke, he made a gesture. Soon, several bodyguards entered the courtyard, carrying two large boxes. When the boxes were opened, they revealed stacks of gold inside!
“Young man, this gold is a gift from me. Take it and leave the capital. From now on, don’t appear before my daughter,” Hector said.
###Chapter 426 by Marina Vittori
“The gold is indeed tempting, but I don’t like it. So I can’t accept the conditions you just mentioned.” Dustin shook his head.
“If you don’t like gold, then name your price.” Hector raised his chin.
“Mr. Harmon, forgive me for speaking frankly, but Natasha should decide her marriage herself. As her parent, you shouldn’t forcefully interfere with such matters,” Dustin said.
“What?” Hector frowned. “Are you teaching me how to do things?”
“I’m just speaking the truth.” Dustin remained composed. “As parents, shouldn’t you want your children’s marriages to be happy?”
“Hmph! What do you even know?”
At this moment, Jessica couldn’t hold back any longer. “Do you know who Natasha’s fiancé is? He is Tyler Grant, a natural–born genius and the future rising star of the Dragonmarsh! Only by marrying him can Natasha have a good future!”
“That should be up to Natasha to decide. If she doesn’t want to marry him, you can’t force her.” Dustin argued reasonably.
“Are you implying a challenge to the authority of the Harmon family?” Hector’s expression turned grim.
“Mr. Harmon, I don’t want to be enemies with the Harmon family, but I’m willing to take this risk for Natasha’s
sake. I’ll repeat myself. As long as she doesn’t want to marry, no one can force her!” Dustin’s tone became
assertive.
“Hmph! What an arrogant youngster!“Hector’s eyes turned cold. “I’ve tried to speak nicely to you for Natasha’s sake, but if you insist on being stubborn, don’t blame me for turning my back on you!”
“Dustin! Don’t provoke my father. It’ll bring you no good.“Ruth desperately tried to hint at Dustin.
Her father was the head of the Harmon family. He wielded great power and was known for his resolute decisions. Although Dustin had some ability, he was clearly far from being able to contend with the Harmon
family.
“Mr. Harmon, you’re the one being stubborn, not me.” Dustin remained undaunted.
“Fine! Very well!” Upon hearing that, Hector smirked. “Young man, you surely are fearless! I’ll give you three days. If you’re willing to leave Millsburg within three days, I won’t hold it against you. But if you persist in going your way, you’ll have to bear the consequences!”
After saying that, he turned and left.
“Wait!“Dustin suddenly called out.
“What? Did you change your mind?” Hector turned back, his eyes filled with disdain.
Il Dustin were to resist to the end, Hector would hold some respect for him. At least Dustin was a persistent person. However, he would look down on Dustin even more If he gave In Just like that.
1/2
Chapter 425
“Mr. Harmon, it seems your health is in a bad condition. You probably won’t last three days.‘ Dustin dropped a bombshell.
“What are you talking about?” Hector furrowed his brow.
“You have a dark complexion, yellowing pupils, and the breath you exhale carries a hint of a foul odor. If I’m not mistaken, you’ve been poisoned with voodoo!” Dustin said.
“Nonsense!” Hector snorted. “Do you think you can scare me just like that? You’re underestimating me!”
“Mr. Harmon, I’m sincerely warning you. The voodoo you’ve been afflicted with is not ordinary. It will inevitably flare up within three days, and by then, you might lose your life!” Dustin sounded solemn.
“Stop bullshitting!” Hector couldn’t bother to argue with him. He directly turned away and left.
He could eat and drink normally and could even run and jump. He didn’t feel any signs of poisoning. Moreover, his meals were strictly monitored by trusted individuals. It was simply impossible for anyone to poison him!
As Hector and the others got into their car, Dustin made no attempt to stop them. Instead, he turned to Ruth and asked, “Is your sister being held captive? Where is she now? Can I meet her?”
“L” Ruth opened her mouth, but Jessica’s voice rang out before she could explain. “Ruth! What are you waiting for? Let’s go home!”
“Coming!” Ruth responded and hurriedly said, “Dustin, my sister is temporarily safe. She will find a way to contact you. Also, be careful!”
After saying that, she quickly left.
###Chapter 427 by Marina Vittori
“Natasha is engaged to Tyler Grant?” As Dustin watched the departing vehicle, he couldn’t help but narrow his eyes. Clearly, this was a strategic alliance between two prominent families, and Natasha was the sacrificial pawn in this alliance. Born into a prestigious family, she enjoyed wealth and luxury but lost her freedom. At certain moments, she even had to make sacrifices for the sake of their family’s interests.
Of course, Dustin would never allow such a thing to happen. With that in mind, he took out his phone and dialed a particular number.
“Hello, Nelson. Help me investigate someone.”
“No problem. May I ask who you want me to investigate, Sir Rhys?” Nelson asked.
“Tyler Grant.”
“Tyler Grant?” Nelson raised his voice upon hearing Dustin’s words. “Sir Rhys, why do you want to investigate him?”
“Of course, to deal with him. Do you think I’m inviting him out for a meal?” Dustin replied impatiently.
“What?” Nelson froze in place, his voice trembling. “Sir Rhys, please don’t scare me like that. I’m easily frightened. I can’t handle this!”
“What’s the matter? Is Tyler that formidable?” Dustin asked in response.
“He’s way more than that. Sir Rhys, this person is like the living King of Hell. We can’t afford to provoke him! He can easily wipe out the Flame Dragon Gang if we offend him!” Nelson sounded like he was tearing up.
What kind of person was he working for? His first task as the new gang leader was to deal with Tyler. Weren’t they seeking their own death?
Known as a once–in–a–century genius, Tyler was the future head of the Grant family. Despite being only in his thirties, he had fought on many battlefields and achieved various victories. He earned the title of General Tiger with a third–ranking official position.
Not only was he tremendously powerful and exceptionally talented, but he also commanded an army of tens of thousands.
Anyone who provoked such a formidable individual would be doomed!
“Why are you panicking? I didn’t ask you to assassinate him. I only want you to gather information about him,” Dustin said calmly.
“Sir Rhys, if you have any ill intentions, it’s best to forget about them. It would be wiser to jump off a building than to provoke Tyler, Nelson said, his voice filled with fear.
“Stop the nonsense! Just do as I say!” Dustin shouted.
“Yes, yes… I’ll do it immediately.“Nelson didn’t dare to say more and quickly complied. However, deep inside. he silently prayed that Dustin wouldn’t act recklessly. Or else the Flame Dragon Gang would suffer the
Chapter 427
consequences.
Meanwhile, in the Hill family’s house, an elderly man with a white beard and eyebrows lay on the bed. His face was pale, and his body was weak. Bloody phlegm filled the copper basin under the bed.
A group of Hill family descendants gathered anxiously around the bed..
Paul Hill, the patriarch of the Hill family, had four sons named Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter. Besides that, he had dozens of grandchildren. He had a big family.
“Spring! Wasn’t Father doing well yesterday? How did his internal injuries relapse?” Autumn paced back and forth, his expression filled with anxiety. Among the four brothers, he was known for his impatience.
“Autumn, you know about Father’s chronic ailment. None of the doctors could cure it.”
Spring shook his head and sighed. “If he had watched out more usually, it wouldn’t have been a big problem. But he almost went astray to push his cultivation to the limit this time. He was too impulsive!”
“Gosh…” Autumn grumbled, “Why is he pushing himself so hard at his age?”
“Enough talk. Let’s go to Stoneray Valley and bring Dr. Linden here to treat Father,” Summer suddenly said.
“Dr. Linden is currently in seclusion and cannot come, but I have already called Mr. Turner to come. There shouldn’t be any problems with him here.” Spring replied.
“Then quickly call and urge them! Why haven’t they arrived yet?” Autumn was becoming increasingly anxious.
“Oh no! Grandfather is coughing up blood again!”
At that moment, a muscular young man exclaimed in shock.
He was Autumn’s son, Torben Hill. He had tan skin and a robust figure.
“What should we do? He keeps coughing up blood. Is there something wrong with Father?” Autumn was shocked.
###Chapter 428 by Marina Vittori
“Stop talking nonsense!” Autumn glared at him.
“Uncle, I have a healing pill here. Shall we let Grandfather try it?” Patrick suddenly stepped forward from the crowd, holding a Gemiphen. He wouldn’t take such a risk if his grandfather’s condition weren’t critical.
“A healing pill?” Torben furrowed his brow. “This thing looks suspicious. Where did you get it from?”
“A friend gave it to me,” Patrick answered truthfully.
“Hah! Your friends? They’re a bunch of useless people.” Torben sneered. “Take that pill away quickly, and stop embarrassing yourself here.”
“Grandfather’s condition is not looking good right now. I want to give it a try. What if it actually works?” Patrick
Insisted.
“I said it’s not going to work! Take it away!” Torben slapped the Gemiphen out of Patrick’s hand.
“You-” Patrick frowned.
“What? You got a problem? Should we settle it with a fight?” Torben clenched his fist, displaying his robust
muscles. Patrick was known to be a weakling in their family. Torben could easily knock him out with a single
punch.
“I can’t be bothered to talk to you!” Patrick took a deep breath and finally held himself back. As he was about to pick up the Gemiphen from the ground, a foot suddenly appeared and crushed the pill.
“What are you doing?” Patrick’s face darkened.
“Hmph! What’s the use of keeping such a worthless pill? What if it upsets grandfather’s stomach?” Torben said arrogantly. While saying that, he stepped on the pill even harder, grinding it into powder.
“Torben! You’ve gone too far!” Patrick clenched his fists.
“Disrespectful brat! How dare you talk to your older cousin like that?” Spring glared at Patrick and immediately began protecting Torben.
“Uncle, he was the one being unreasonable!” Patrick furrowed his brow.
“Nonsense! My son is just concerned about his grandfather’s safety. Who knows if that pill of yours is
poisonous?” Autumn spoke arrogantly.
“That’s right! What if you’re trying to harm grandfather?” Torben said haughtily. With his father backing him up. they could easily bully Patrick.
“That’s enough! Father is sick, and you’re still bickering here and there. What do you think you’re doing?”
Spring spoke sternly. Instantly, the guys shut up.
As the eldest brother, he still carried some authority.
“They’re here! Mr. Turner from Stoneray Valley has arrived!”
Suddenly, a voice rang out from the entrance. Soon after, a thin man in a black robe slowly walked in with a
1/2
Chapter 428
medicine box.
“Mr. Turner, you’ve come just in time. Please hurry up and take a look at my father!” Spring quickly led the man to the bedside.
“Everyone, please remain calm. Allow me to examine him first.” Nicholas sat down slowly and began feeling Paul’s pulse. After a while, his eyebrows furrowed. “Everyone, the patriarch’s situation is grim. The internal injuries have accumulated too long and suddenly erupted with great force. His meridians are shattered, and his vital energy is in disorder. With my abilities, I’m afraid I can’t do much to help.”
“What?” Spring panicked. “Mr. Turner, you’re an elder of Stoneray Valley. If even you can’t treat him, who else can?”
“Unless my master comes out of seclusion. Otherwise…” Mr. Turner shook his head.
“My father would have passed away by the time he comes out of seclusion!” Autumn frowned.
“Wait!” Suddenly, Nicholas sniffed and said, “What a fragrant medicinal scent. Do you have any miraculous panacea here?”
“What do you mean by panacea? We would have let Grandfather take them if we had any.” Torben replied rudely.
However, Nicholas ignored him. Like a hunting dog, he kept sniffing and tried to search for the smell Soon, he fixated his gaze on the crushed Gemiphen, and his face fell immediately.
“What… Who did this? Such a waste! Such a terrible waste!”
###Chapter 429 by Marina Vittori
Looking at the crushed Gemiphen, Nicholas was heartbroken and furious. He didn’t care about his Image anymore and immediately threw himself to the ground, collecting the powder bit by bit.
It left everyone dumbfounded. Was it necessary to make such a fuss over a broken pill?
“Mr. Turner, what’s going on?” Spring was perplexed. People from Stoneray Valley were usually proud and arrogant. They had never lost their composure like that.
“What’s going on? How dare you ask me such a question?” Nicholas angrily retorted, “How can you destroy a panacea? This is a very rare pill. Such a waste! Who is the idiot who did this?!”
“Mr. Turner, are you mistaken? How could this black broken thing be a panacea? Torben looked skeptical.
“You’re such a fool!” Nicholas stared at him like he was an idiot. “What you call a broken thing is the Golden Crow Pill, a holy medicine for healing! It specializes in treating various internal injuries and chronic ailments. Your grandfather’s life could have been saved!”
“What?”
Everyone’s faces changed upon hearing that. Although they didn’t know what Gemephin was. The fact that it
could treat their father’s internal injuries and that Nicholas held it in such high regard indicated that it was no
ordinary item.
“You wastrels! You bunch of wastrels! To think that such a miraculous healing tablet was treated like garbage
by all of you. How foolish!” Feeling his heart aching. Nicholas pounded his chest and stomped his feet.
As an elder of Stoneray Valley, he held precious tablets in higher regard than anything else. His heart was
bleeding to see the Gemiphen get destroyed.
“Torben! Look at the mess you’ve caused! You destroyed a medicine that could save Grandfather. How will you explain yourself to everyone?” Patrick shouted sternly.
“I… I didn’t know this thing could save a life.” Torben stammered, feeling guilty. “Besides, this wouldn’t have happened if you had explained it clearly earlier.”
“You make a mistake, and now you’re trying to blame me?” Patrick’s face turned cold.
“Enough, enough! It’s just a pill. If it’s destroyed, then it’s destroyed. Just get another one. Why make such a fuss?” Autumn continued to defend Torben.
“Uncle, do you think this is a common cabbage? Do you think we can just conjure another one out of thin air? It was a gift from my friend. Who knows if there’s another one?” Patrick frowned. Not only did Torben make a
mistake, but he also remained stubborn. It was truly unreasonable.
“Patrick, let’s not dwell on this for now. Saving Grandfather is the priority. Contact your friend immediately and
have them deliver the Gemiphen as soon as possible!” Spring urged.
“Alright, I’ll try to ask. Knowing how urgent the situation was, Patrick didn’t hesitate and immediately dialed
Dustin’s number. He briefly explained the situation to Dustin.
hapter 4.295
Dustin didn’t refuse him. After asking for the address, he rushed over. Within half an hour, he arrived at the Hill family’s residence.
“Dustin, you’re finally here! Come on in!“Patrick had been waiting for him and immediately led him inside when he saw Dustin exiting the car. Before long, they reached Paul’s room.
“Hey! Is this your friend? Can he be trusted?” As soon as they entered, Torben blocked their way. He sized Dustin up and down, full of doubt.
He looked like a young boy. Could someone like him really treat illnesses?
“Don’t worry. He’s definitely more reliable than you!” Patrick said coldly.
“According to the rules, we need to frisk you before entering. Raise your hands and stand against the wall,” Torben ordered.
“Frisk me?” Dustin frowned and said in a displeased tone. “You invited me here to treat your grandfather, yet you treat me like a criminal. Is that appropriate?”
“These are our rules. Strangers must be thoroughly searched. Who knows if you’re carrying weapons?” Torben said condescendingly.
“Torben! Don’t go too far!”
###Chapter 430 by Marina Vittori
Patrick’s face darkened. “Dustin is my friend. I can vouch for him. If there’s any problem, I’ll take full responsibility!”
“Hey! What are you all dawdling for? Come in quickly!” Seeing the group standing at the doorway, Spring urged them from inside the room.
“Hmph! Kid, you better not play any tricks. I’ll be watching you closely!” Torben warned before stepping aside. “Dustin, don’t bother with him. Please come in.” Patrick said, not wanting to waste any more time. He quickly led Dustin to the bedside.
“Young guy. I heard you have the Gemiphen?” Nicholas spoke first. His eager demeanor was like that of a
person who had starved for three days and finally saw a delicious feast.
“I do have it, but not many. They were all passed down through my ancestors,” Dustin replied. He could tell from the emblem on their clothes that they were from the Stoneray Valley. To avoid trouble, he could only give
such an answer.
“So it’s an ancestral elixir? Young guy, how many pills do you have left? I’m willing to buy them at a high price!
Nicholas urgently asked.
“I had two pills before, but one got destroyed. Now I only have the last one.” Dustin replied.
“What? Only one pill left?” Nicholas frowned, looking regretful. He wanted to buy a few pills from Dustin and study them after returning to Stoneray Valley. What a pity.
“Mr. Turner, let’s cut the small talk. Since this guy still has one Gemiphen, let’s save the patient first.” Spring
urged from the side.
“Yes, yes. Please proceed,” Nicholas replied, maintaining a relatively polite attitude.
“Hey! Don’t blame me for not warning you. You better be able to cure my grandfather’s internal injuries. Otherwise, you will be doomed!” Torben suddenly interjected coldly.
About to start the treatment, Dustin suddenly stopped and said indifferently, “I’m a timid person and can’t handle such intimidation. If you’re going to say that, then I won’t treat him. You’d better find someone else.”
With that, he turned around and was about to leave.
“No, no, no… Young man, please don’t listen to his nonsense.” Spring panicked and quickly grabbed him. At the same time, he shouted at Torben, “You brat! Shut up if you don’t have anything nice to say!”
Torben felt somewhat displeased but didn’t say anything more.
“Dustin, this guy has a loose tongue. Please don’t stoop to his level, Patrick quickly reassured.
“Alright, if you want my Gemiphen, it’ll cost you, but you’ll have to pay extra,” Dustin said calmly.
“No problem. How much?” Spring asked eagerly.
Dustin didn’t answer directly. Instead, he held up one linger.
1/2
“One million dollars?”
Torben furrowed his brow. “Kid! Don’t you think you’re being too greedy? How dare you ask for one million dollars for such a worthless thing?”
“Who said I want one million? I want 100 million!” Dustin said, astonishing everyone with his statement.
“What?
“What? 100 million dollars?”
Torben was dumbfounded. “Are you out of your mind? Why don’t you just go and rob someone? What makes this dark thing worth so much money?!”
“Now, I’ve changed my mind. 200 million dollars.” Dustin extended two fingers casually, as if he was discussing an everyday matter.
“200 million? Are you intentionally messing with us?” Torben was so furious that he was on the verge of hitting someone.
“300 million,” Dustin couldn’t be bothered to argue with them. He extended three fingers. The more Torben. shouted, the higher the price Dustin demanded. That was the cost of being rude.
“You…!”
Before Torben could say anything. Spring’s face turned pale, and he slapped Torben across the face, shouting. “You beast! Shut your damn mouth!”
###Chapter 431 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Torben was stunned. Holding his face, he felt confused. Shouldn’t they be reprimanding Dustin at this moment? Why did his uncle slap him instead?
“You useless fool! Get the hell out if you can’t speak properly!” Spring’s face was stern. He was clearly angry.
It was supposed to be a situation where they didn’t have to spend any money, but this idiot had managed to raise the price of a pill to 300 million. Dustin would probably ask for even more if they let him continue.
Why punish him instead of this damned guy? “Spring, you’ve gone too far.” Autumn frowned. Of course, he wasn’t happy about his son getting slapped.
“You shut up too!” Spring turned around and glowered. “Father’s life is hanging by a thread, and we urgently need the medicine to save him. Yet you people are still here arguing. If something happens to Father, can you afford the responsibility?”
Hearing that, the father and son exchanged glances and dared not say another word.
The Hill family was known for its martial prowess, and their patriarch, Paul, was a master of Balerno martial arts three years ago. Although he had retired now, he still commanded great respect and status in the martial world. Even the current leader would show deference to him.
The Hill family stood strong and was known as one of the top three families because of Paul’s towering presence. If the patriarch were to pass away, the entire Hill family would suffer a devastating blow.
“Young man, I apologize sincerely. I have failed to teach my people manners. Please don’t take it to heart. As long as you can save my father’s life, 300 million dollars is not a problem.” Spring agreed without hesitation.
“I’m glad you picked the right choice.” Dustin smiled faintly. “The Hill family has great wealth and influence-
300 million is nothing to you.”
Torben narrowed his eyes as a hint of killing intent flashed across them. Yet he controlled himself.
“Young man, please proceed.” Spring forced a smile.
“Alright.” Dustin didn’t say much. He took out a Gemiphen and stuffed it into Paul’s mouth. Then he lifted the old man’s clothes, took out a silver needle, and pierced three key acupoints: The posterior neck Acupoint, lower chest acupoint, and stomach acupoint. Then, he flicked his finger.
“Buzz…”
The three silver needles rapidly spun, and waves of true energy flowed into Paul’s body through the needles.
“What amazing acupuncture skills!” Witnessing this scene, Nicholas was greatly astonished. Although he specialized in alchemy, he also had considerable medical knowledge. With his discerning eyes, he could tell that Dustin’s acupuncture technique was extraordinary. Although his skills might not surpass Dr. Jeremy. Dustin was almost as good as him.
To possess such exquisite acupuncture skills at such a young age… Who exactly was this young man?
Chapter 431
After administering the needles, Dustin helped Paul up and delivered a strong palm strike to his back. A surge of true energy erupted in Paul’s body.
Paul tilted his head back and spewed out a mouthful of dark blood. Then his head slumped, and once again.
he lost consciousness.
“Alright, the patient is out of danger now. However, the internal injuries have accumulated for a long time. So it will take some time for a complete recovery. After I return, I will prepare some medicine for the patient. Drinking two cups every day for about ten days should lead to a full recovery.”
###Chapter 432 by Marina Vittori
“Oh, by the way, don’t remove the silver needles from the patient’s body for another three hours. That’s all. Now, you can pay up.”
After a series of instructions, Dustin directly asked for payment. He had come to treat Paul as a favor to Patrick, but he still expected to be compensated for his services. He didn’t want to make the trip for nothing.
“The matter of payment is not an issue, but we need to confirm my father’s condition first.” Spring signaled to Nicholas with his eyes.
Nicholas quickly approached and checked Paul’s pulse. Instantly, his eyes widened,
“How is he? Is there something wrong with my father?” Everyone felt anxious upon seeing this.
“No, no, no Mr. Hill’s pulse is very calm, and most of the stagnant blood in his body has been removed. The broken meridians were also remarkably repaired. It’s truly amazing!” Nicholas exclaimed with delight.
The combined effects of the Gemiphen and the miraculous acupuncture technique produced such astonishing
results.
“Damn it! You scared me! Can’t you just finish your sentence?” Torben grumbled angrily. If anything happened
to his grandfather, he would have an excuse to execute Dustin on the spot and hold Patrick accountable.
“The experts from Stoneray Valley have confirmed it. Now, can you rest assured?” Dustin replied calmly.
“It’s all thanks to you, young man. We are extremely grateful!” Spring expressed his gratitude.
“You’re welcome. You pay me to treat your father anyway.” Dustin replied in response.
“Please go to the living room and have a cup of tea to get some rest.‘ Spring smiled. Then he turned around and said, “Autumn, go and withdraw the money for this young man here.”
“Yes.”
Autumn gave Dustin a deep look before turning to leave.
Meanwhile, Dustin followed the servant to the living room.
The Hill’s residence covered a vast area, enveloping a whole mountain. Tall walls surrounded the premises, and numerous villas dotted the landscape. A dozen guards patrolled around the clock. Their security was very strict. It would be nearly impossible for ordinary people to enter.
Ten minutes later, Autumn and Torben entered the living room with a check in hand.
“Young man, this is your reward.”
Dustin picked up the check and frowned. “Did you make a mistake? I asked for 300 million, not three million.”
“Of course not.” Torben answered arrogantly, “Even the experts of Stoneray Valley only charged us three million. You’re just an unknown doctor from god knows where. You should be grateful that we’re willing to pay you this much.”
“I don’t care about others, but since we agreed on 300 million, it must be 300 million, not a penny less,” Dustin
1/2
Chapter 432
said coldly.
“You little brat! Don’t push your luck!” Torben glared. “Three million is more than enough for someone like you to live a lavish life for years. If you have any sense, take the check, and get the hell out of here!”
“Are you planning to go against your word?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“So what if we are?” Torben sneered. “Open your eyes wide and see where you are!”
Torben thought to himself. “Do you think a nobody like you can take away 300 million dollars just like that?”
“I never expected the prestigious Hill family to be a bunch of untrustworthy people. It’s truly disappointing.”
“Shut the hell up!” Torben grabbed Dustin’s collar and threatened, “Kid, I’ll give you two options now: either take the three million and get lost, or I’ll break your legs and throw you out!”
“Three million… It’s barely enough to buy your coffin.” Picking up the check, Dustin threw it directly at Torben’s face.
###Chapter 433 by Marina Vittori
The check lightly landed on Torben’s face with a loud smack. It didn’t hurt him, but he felt utterly humiliated.
“You’re asking for death!” Torben instantly became furious and raised his fist to strike Dustin.
Yet before he could reach Dustin, he got kicked away and fell to the ground. He ended up in a pitiful state and coughed nonstop.
“I will kill you for sure!” Torben’s eyes widened in rage. He forcefully tore off his clothes, revealing his muscular body covered in body hair. Then, like a raging bull, he fiercely charged toward Dustin.
“Get lost!” Dustin raised his hand and slapped Torben, sending him flying.
Torben let out a miserable scream and crashed to the ground, struggling to get up.
“How dare you hit my son?” Autumn’s face turned dark as he witnessed the scene. “Guards! Take this guy down!”
With his command, a group of guards dressed in sturdy clothing quickly swarmed in and surrounded Dustin.
“You brat! How dare you act recklessly in the Hill family? You must be tired of living! I wanted to give you three million, but now, you won’t get a single penny! Not only that but your legs will be broken as a deterrent!” Autumn shouted.
“Attack!” He waved his hand, and the guards raised their weapons, preparing to strike.
“Stop!”
At that moment, Patrick rushed in urgently. “Uncle, what are you doing? Dustin is a benefactor of the Hill family. Aren’t you afraid of Grandfather’s rage if you act like this?”
“Mind your business! Get out of here, or I’ll beat you too!” Autumn remained obstinate.
“If you have any complaints, come at me, but I won’t let you lay a hand on Dustin!” Patrick spoke in a stern voice.
“You insolent brat! Today, I will teach you a lesson on behalf of your father!” Autumn grew furious.
Just as he was about to make a move, a servant rushed in, panic–stricken, and shouted, “Mr. Autumn! Something’s wrong! Mr. Hill has gone mad!”
“What? Gone mad?” Autumn was shocked. Not daring to linger, he hastily led the guards and left.
“You, brat, just you wait!” Leaving behind a harsh threat, Torben rushed out too.
Paul was the pillar of the family, and they could not afford any mishap.
“What happened?”
Patrick frowned. “Dustin, didn’t you say that my grandfather was line?”
“Your grandfather is indeed not in any life–threatening danger, but I didn’t expect him to go mad like this,” Dustin said, deep in thought. He had examined Paul’s pulse earlier, and as long as he didn’t forcefully cultivate
1/2
Chapter 433
his energy, there shouldn’t have been any issues.
*Dustin, can you come with me to check on my grandfather?” Patrick proposed.
“Let’s go. I also want to see what’s going on.” Without saying much, Dustin followed Patrick out of the living
room.
At this moment, the entire Hill residence was in chaos. Several armed guards rushed in various directions, heading towards the garden.
When Dustin and Patrick arrived at the garden and saw the scene, they couldn’t help but be astonished. The once grand garden was now in complete disarray. An elderly with white eyebrows and a white beard was rampaging through the garden in his pajamas.
Like a bulldozer, he destroyed the trees and flowers wherever he went.
The man was none other than Paul.
“Kill! Attack!” Paul’s eyes were bloodshot, his expression ferocious and mad. He would even roar like a beast. Anyone who approached was sent flying by him. They didn’t even have the chance to put up a fight.
Paul was once a master of Balerno martial arts. Although he was old now, he was still formidable. Especially after losing control, he couldn’t recognize anyone and kept wanting to kill others. Anyone who approached him
would be in trouble.
“Quick! Stop Mr. Hill!” Spring shouted hoarsely.
The guards approached in groups, holding shields. However, as soon as they got close, they were sent flying by Paul’s strong palm.
###Chapter 434 by Marina Vittori
Paul’s rampage left the guards severely injured. They coughed up blood and screamed in agony, yet couldn’t stop him.
“Oh no! Grandfather has gone mad!” Torben exclaimed in shock. His gaze suddenly fell on Dustin, and he shouted, “Uncle! It’s all that kid’s doing! He caused Grandfather to go berserk. Quickly, capture him!”
“That’s right! I’ve long seen through this kid’s malicious intentions. He deliberately poisoned Father and caused Father to end up like this. He must be punished severely!” Autumn echoed.
“Don’t accuse Dustin without evidence! I don’t believe he would do such a thing!” Patrick shouted.
“Hmm…” Frowning. Spring quickly approached Dustin and asked, “Young man, what’s happening? Didn’t you say my father was fine? Why did he lose control?”
“Somebody tampered with my needles.” Dustin carefully observed and quickly noticed something wrong.
“Tampered with your needles? What do you mean?” Spring was puzzled.
“I inserted three silver needles in the posterior neck, lower chest, and stomach acupoints to stabilize internal injuries. However, the needle in the lower chest acupoint is missing.” Dustin explained.
“Hmm… He’s right!” Spring carefully examined and noticed the silver needle on Paul’s chest was really missing.
“Hmph! Stop spouting nonsense!” Torben sneered. “I can see right through you. You’re clearly guilty and
making excuses!”
“Spring, this guy must have caused Father to become like this. Stop wasting time and just torture him until he confesses the truth!” Autumn said, brimming with hostility.
“Uncle Spring, Dustin is my friend, and I’m willing to guarantee with my life that he’s innocent!” Patrick argued
firmly..
“Both of you are obviously in cahoots!” Torben spat.
“Enough! Shut your mouths!” Spring furrowed his brow and turned to Dustin. “Young man, you have
exceptional medical skills. Is there anything you can do to help my father regain control?”
“As long as you can restrain your father, I have a method to bring him to normal” Dustin replied calmly.
“Restrain my grandfather? That’s utter nonsense!” Torben was displeased. “Do you even know who my grandfather is? He was a master of Balerno martial arts, a towering figure in the martial arts world! Nobody can restrain my grandfather in Millsburg.”
“That’s right, young man. You just witnessed it. None of the armed guards could get close to my father. How can we restrain him?” Spring also looked troubled.
“Hmph! I think someone is deliberately looking for trouble!” Autumn’s gaze turned cold.
“This is surely tricky.” Patrick sighed.
1/2
Chapter 434
Paul was a master of Balerno martial arts. Only Jonas Hill, Spring’s oldest son, could compete with his grandfather in martial arts. However, Jonas was currently far away in Chouxe. He couldn’t come back in time.
“Run! Grandfather is coming this way!” Torben suddenly yelled.
Everyone looked up and saw Paul changing direction and charging toward them furiously. In an instant, everyone panicked and scattered in fear.
“Dustin! What are you waiting for? Run now!” Patrick turned his head and saw Dustin still standing in place.
“If you can’t stop him, then let me handle it.” Dustin replied calmly without evading.
“Dustin! Are you out of your mind? Come here quickly!” Patrick’s face fell upon witnessing the scene.
“Hmph! Ignorant fool!” Torben sneered repeatedly.
“Young people are so ignorant! Do you really think you can withstand my grandfather?” Autumn also looked gleeful wishing Dustin would die in his father’s hand.
“Young man, don’t be impulsive! You can’t stop my father!” Spring shouted.
Unfazed by the warnings, Dustin walked straight ahead.
“Kill! Attack!” Paul’s eyes were bloodshot as he shouted madly. Seeing someone blocking his path, he threw a powerful punch.
In an instant, the world seemed to be in chaos. The surrounding plants and trees collapsed one after another.
The atmosphere itself seemed to distort.
A tremendous boom echoed as Dustin effortlessly caught Paul’s earth–shattering punch.
The whole area fell into complete silence.
###Chapter 435 by Marina Vittori
The entire garden fell eerily silent. Everyone was stunned by the scene before them. No one had expected Dustin to be able to block Paul’s punch.
Not only did he block it, he didn’t suffer any harm.
After all, Paul was once a master of the Balerno martial arts, a grandmaster. His punches and kicks carried the power to shatter mountains and split the earth. How many people in the Hill family could contend with such a terrifying existence?
“Did… Did he just block the punch?” Torben was so shocked that his eyes widened in disbelief. In their eyes, Paul represented the pinnacle of power in Millsburg. He could kill a divine–level martial artist with a casual
move.
How could a doctor who came out of nowhere block a grandmaster’s punch?
What was going on?
“Oh my god! Someone actually blocked Mr. Hill’s punch! Am I seeing things?”
Cholas’s mouth hung open, his jaw almost dropping to the ground. He had thought Dustin was only a genius in medicine, but he never
expected Dustin to be so good at martial arts too.
“Damn it! I didn’t know Dustin was so good!” Patrick almost jumped up. Opening his mouth wide, he
completely disregarded his image.
“Who exactly is this guy?” Spring was shocked and suspicious. Sweat rolled down his forehead. He thought
Dustin was seeking death when he approached Paul just now, but he ended up blocking Paul’s attack.
None of the elite guards from the Hill family could accomplish what the person did. His strength was evident.
“No… Impossible!”
Shocked. Autumn shook his head frantically, denying the truth. “This kid is in his twenties. How could he block
Father’s punch? It must be because Father’s power has greatly diminished due to his condition. That was why
he had the opportunity.”
“That’s right! Grandfather is physically weak and in a state of madness. His strength has greatly declined. Otherwise, how could this kid withstand him?” Torben echoed.
Upon hearing that, everyone nodded in agreement.
Indeed, if it wasn’t for the fact that Paul was physically weak and severely II, he could definitely do better than
that. In the end, Dustin got lucky and found a loophole to block the punch.
Thinking of this, the crowd calmed down.
“Mr. Hill, sleep well.” Dustin paid no attention to the expressions of the people around him. Immediately after blocking Paul’s punch, he retrieved a silver needle and pierced it into the lower chest acupoint. Instantly.
Paul’s body went limp, and he fainted on the spot.
“Young man, how is it? Is my father okay?” Spring approached with a group of people.
1/2
Chapter 435
“He’s out of danger, just a bit weak. He’ll be fine after a nap,” Dustin shook his head.
“That’s good.” Spring sighed in relief.
“Dustin, you’re truly amazing! You actually went head–to–head with my grandfather. I’m impressed!” Patrick
gave him a thumbs up.
“Hmph! What’s so impressive about it? If it weren’t for Grandfather’s weakened state, he wouldn’t have been
able to withstand it. It’s just dumb luck, Torben said, feeling somewhat dissatisfied.
“Then why didn’t you step up earlier? You ran away like a rabbit,” Patrick taunted.
“You…” Torben was at a loss for words. Paul’s power was unquestionable. Who would dare to confront him?
“Alright, let’s help Mr. Hill back to rest.” Spring gestured, and soon the guards stepped forward and carried Paul into the room.
###Chapter 436 by Marina Vittori
“Young man, we will need your help again,” Spring said.
“Treating your father and saving his life is not a problem, but I hope you Hills can uphold your promise and pay me the full amount of money instead of resorting to coercion, intimidation, and taking advantage of your position,” Dustin said calmly.
“Coercion, intimidation, taking advantage of our position? What are you talking about, young man?” Spring was puzzled.
“Perhaps you should ask the two people next to you what they have done,” Dustin hinted.
“Autumn, what’s going on?” Spring frowned.
“Well…” Autumn hesitated to speak. He couldn’t openly bring up such embezzlement of funds.
“Uncle Spring, I know what’s going on. Uncle Autumn and the others took it upon themselves to change. Dustin’s 300 million remunerations into three million without permission and even went so far as to threaten him!” Patrick said seriously.
“Autumn! Have you lost your mind?” Spring’s face darkened. “Dustin saved our father’s life. He is the Hill family’s benefactor. How can you treat him like this? Who gave you the audacity? Do you think our father’s life is only worth a mere three million?!”
“Spring. I just feel that this kid doesn’t deserve so much money.” Autumn muttered.
“Nonsense!” Spring glared at Autumn. “Dustin has the skills. Why doesn’t he deserve the money? You’ve made a mistake yet show no signs of remorse. Immediately go to the shrine and kneel! Reflect on yoursell!”
*Spring…”
“Get out!”
Autumn was about to say something, but Spring angrily interrupted him. Left with no choice, he could only
obediently kneel at the shrine.
“And you!” Spring glared at Torben.
The man shrank his neck and dared not defy him. Before leaving, Torben cast a resentful look at Dustin.
“Dustin, I apologize sincerely. I failed to teach them their manners. Please forgive me.” Spring said, looking.
ashamed.
“It’s alright, as long as I get the money.” Dustin waved his hand. After all, he didn’t suffer any losses, and it
wasn’t a big deal.
“Patrick, go and personally withdraw the money for Dustin. Make sure you don’t make any mistakes, Spring instructed.
“No problem.” Patrick nodded and quickly left.
In no time, a 380 million check was handed over to Dustin.
1/2
Lispter 436
“Dustin, we owe you a great debt today.” Spring took out a silver waist token and presented it with both hands. “This is the Hill family’s guest token. With this, you will be an esteemed guest of the Hill family. Not only can you freely enter all the places of the Hill family, but if you encounter any trouble, you can also seek help from the Hill family through this token.”
“Dustin, you have to accept it. The token is a precious item. You can solve many problems with it,” Patrick said eagerly.
The guest token of the Hill family was something countless people dreamed of possessing. It meant having the support of the Hill family, almost allowing one to act recklessly within the boundaries of the entire South City.
“Well, since it’s a precious item, I’ll take it.” Dustin smiled and directly put it away.
As one of the Tremendous Three, the Hill family had tremendous influence in the seven provinces of Balerno. Dustin might need the Hill family’s help if he encountered any problems.
“If there’s nothing else, I will take my leave.” Dustin didn’t intend to stay any longer.
“Patrick, help me see Dustin off,” Spring said with a smile.
“Dustin, this way, please.” Patrick gestured with one hand, quickly leading Dustin away.
As Spring watched the two figures depart, his smile gradually faded and was replaced by a cold expression.
“He’s good in both medicine and martial arts. Not bad. He accidentally disrupted my plans. As he spoke, he flipped his palm, revealing a silver needle.
It was the same needle that was extracted from Paul’s body!
###Chapter 437 by Marina Vittori
It was evening, and Dustin was sitting in the living room of Enchanting Villa, engrossed in a book, when
Abigail suddenly rushed down the stairs.
“Uncle! I need your help with something urgent! Will you accompany me somewhere? Abigail leaned in, acting secretive.
“Where do you want to go?” Dustin’s curiosity was piqued.
“It’s a secret. You’ll find out once we get there.” Abigail playfully dodged the question.
“If you don’t tell me, I won’t go.” Dustin firmly declined.
“Well will you come with me if I tell you?” Abigail frowned.
“It depends on the situation.” Dustin shrugged.
“Alright, I’ll tell you. My friend is celebrating her birthday tonight, and we’ve planned to have some fun together,
Abigail revealed with a mischievous smile.
“What does your friend’s birthday have to do with me? I’m not going.” Dustin rolled his eyes.
“Hey! You’re not keeping your word! You just promised me earlier!” Abigail became a bit anxious.
“I said it depends on the situation. I didn’t promise you anything.”
“You, you, you… you’re being unfair!” Abigail stomped her foot in frustration.
“Listen, young lady. I’d rather quietly read my book than join you youngsters.” Dustin waved his hand dismissively.
“I’m giving you an opportunity here! Do you know that my friend is a celebrity? She’s gorgeous.” Abigail tried to tempt him.
“I’ve seen plenty of beautiful girls. I’m not interested.” Dustin shook his head.
“Hey! Are you even a man? You’re not interested in women at all?” Abigail bit her lip and snatched the book. from Dustin’s hand. “Uncle, please, can’t you do it for me? If you don’t go, I won’t be able to go cither!”
“Wait. Why does it matter if I go or not? You can go without me.” Dustin was speechless.
“You don’t believe me, huh? Follow me then.” Without waiting for a response, Abigail grabbed Dustin’s hand and pulled him towards the exit. However, when they reached the front door, Edmund suddenly appeared and blocked their way with a somewhat menacing look.
“You see that now?” Abigail turned her gaze toward Dustin as if saying, “See, this is why I can’t leave.”
Whenever she wanted to go out at night, her father would appear like a ghost, and there was no escaping him.
“Um…” Dustin was momentarily speechless.
“Abigail, you’re going out again at this late hour? Wasn’t the lesson from last time enough?” Edmund sald sternly.
1/2
“Hey, hold on! Get it straight! It’s not me who wants to go out. It’s this guy here, and I’m just accompanying him,” Abigail lied without batting an eye.
“Mr. Rhys, are you going somewhere?” Edmund was slightly stunned, but soon, his expression softened.
“Sort of.” Dustin forced a smile.
“Did you hear that? Uncle said he’s feeling bored at home and wants me to take him out for a stroll. Are you going to stop him?” Abigail spoke coldly. With that arrogant demeanor, she seemed to be leveraging Dustin’s presence.
“It Mr. Rhys wants to go out, of course, I won’t stop him. But please be careful and avoid crowded places.” Edmund squeezed a smile.
“Understood. You can step aside now, and don’t dampen Uncle’s mood.”
With that, Abigail forcefully dragged Dustin away.
She immediately showed her true colors once they were out of Edmund’s sight. “Uncle, I didn’t expect you to be so useful. It seems I’ll have to make good use of you as my tool in the future.”
“Just listen to what you’re saying.” Dustin responded impatiently. “Either study diligently or practice martial arts seriously. Don’t wander around aimlessly all the time and waste your great talent.”
“Uncle, I’ve been training all day. Don’t you understand the importance of work–life balance? I should at least take a break, right?” Abigail raised her head proudly. “Considering that you helped me once, I’ll treat you to something tonight!”
Dustin shook his head and couldn’t be bothered to argue with her.
###Chapter 438 by Marina Vittori
Since he was quite free, he thought he could use some time to relax.
Twenty minutes later, Dustin and Abigail exited the car in front of a music bar. Compared to the lively and noisy atmosphere of a karaoke bar, the music bar was quieter. Friends could sit together, drink, chat, and listen to music. It was relaxing and comfortable.
“Abigail! Over here!”
Right after they entered the music bar, a short–haired girl stood up and waved at Abigail. Dustin followed the direction of the sound and recognized several familiar faces.
The short–haired girl was Nina Sharp. Another one was a popular guy in school, Mike Horton. Dustin thought the rest looked quite familiar but couldn’t recall their names.
The only person he couldn’t recognize was a girl in a school uniform. She looked young and pretty. The girl had a delicate oval face with exquisite features. She looked pure and innocent, like a fairy. With just a glance, she could capture a person’s attention.
“Sorry, we’re late. Abigail approached them with a smile and took the opportunity to introduce Dustin, “Uncle,
you’ve already met everyone else. So I won’t introduce them again. As for this person, she’s the star of today.
our guest of honor, Ruby Xenos.”
Abigail added, “Let me tell you a secret. Ruby is not only a popular live streamer with millions of fans, but
she’s also a star at our school.”
“Abigail, don’t be ridiculous. I’m just a trainee, still far from being a star,” Ruby pouted.
“Your singing is so beautiful. It’s only a matter of time before you debut. I believe you’ll become famous in no
time!” Abigail said with a smile.
“Whatever you say!” Ruby rolled her eyes.
“Look, I didn’t lie to you. I told you there would be beautiful girls here. So, are you impressed?” Abigail turned
back and teased Dustin.
Dustin glanced at her sideways and couldn’t be bothered to respond.
“I mean, Abigail, why did you bring an outsider with us when we’re here to drink and sing?” Mike seemed
displeased.
“Yeah, Abigail, it’s Ruby’s birthday today, and it’s not quite appropriate to bring a stranger along.” Nina chimed
In.
“It’s alright. The more, the merrier,” Unfazed, Ruby smiled.
“That’s right! This guy here is good at fighting. If anything happens, he can be our bodyguard.” Abigail nodded
repeatedly.
“What’s the point of being good at fighting? If something really happens, it’s all about connections and relationships,” Mike sneered. Since Dustin stole the limelight before, he had been holding a grudge. He wanted
1/2
Chapter 438
to use Lord Horst to deal with Dustin and settle the score. Yet the man slapped him right then and there. His face was still a bit swollen.
“Alright, let’s not talk about that anymore. Since everyone is here, let Ruby sing us a song.” Abigail quickly changed the subject.
“It’s been so long since I’ve heard Ruby sing. Today, we’re finally in for a treat!”
“Ruby, come on stage quickly. I can’t wait any longer!”
The crowd joined in the cheer.
“Well, I’ll try my best then.” Ruby nodded with a smile, then walked up to the stage and talked with the male singer. The male singer readily agreed and willingly gave up his spot.
“Oh, this young beauty is taking over the stage. Interesting.”
“Hey, pretty! Sing ‘The Love of a Boatman‘ for me!”
As soon as Ruby stepped on stage, she immediately drew the attention of countless people, especially the men who had a few drinks. They became even more excited and kept cheering for Ruby.
“I’m sorry, I don’t know how to sing this song.” Ruby apologized.
“The Love of a Boatman is simple. You can learn it on the spot. As long as you sing this song, I’ll reward you!” A chubby guy walked forward with a smile, holding ten roses that he had purchased. Each rose cost one hundred dollars. He had spent more than enough to request a song.
“I really don’t know how to sing this song.” Ruby seemed awkward.
“I don’t care. I’ve already requested the song, and if you don’t sing, it means you’re disrespecting me.” The chubby man continued with an evil grin. “Of course, if you’re willing to have a few drinks with me, we can let this matter go.”
Upon hearing that, Mike immediately stood up, infuriated.
###Chapter 439 by Marina Vittori
“Hey! What the fuck are you talking about?” Mike sprung up and yelled, feeling a burst of righteousness after secing the sleazy man pester Ruby. “My friend already told you she can’t sing the song! Why the hell do you. keep pressing her?”
“Exactly! How can you force people to sing songs they don’t know? Aren’t you being too unreasonable?” Ninal chimed in. The others who had remained silent wore similar indignant expressions.
“A show–off, huh?” The chubby man sneered, “She should follow the rules since she walked onto the stage. I’ve already paid, so she has to sing!”
“So what if you paid? That measly sum is barely enough to buy coffee!” Mike scoffed disdainfully. “You want to talk about rules? Let me humor you. Hey, I’ll give you 100 roses. Sing whatever you like for the first song!” he said and paid ten thousand dollars on the spot.
“Damn! He sure is easygoing with his money. He spent ten thousand without hesitation.”
“He’s probably some rich kid. Let’s see what happens.”
The
ama, which was far more interesting than someone’s singing, attracted many onlookers, reaching the desired effect.
“I expected more than just ten thousand dollars,” the chubby man Jeered before pulling out a card and swiping it through the card terminal. He yelled. “Bring this girl ten bottles of red wine!”
Each bottle cost ten thousand dollars, so ten bottles added up to 100 thousand dollars. It took guts to spend that much money without even hesitating.
“Holy shit! Spending 100 thousand dollars for one song? That guy must be loaded!”
“I can’t understand the life of the rich. 100 thousand is my total salary for an entire year.”
“That girl’s getting so much money for no reason, Is this one of the perks of being pretty?”
The crowd began whispering among themselves for different reasons, namely surprise, envy, and even jealousy, while the owner of the music bar beamed from ear to ear. Usually, they only get a few thousand bucks in tips at most; today, however, they were getting over 100 thousand dollars, which meant that the owner would be raking in a large profit even if he split the amount evenly with the singer.
“Why aren’t you saying anything, punk? Don’t tell me you can’t even pay 100 thousand bucks?” Chubster
taunted, causing Mike’s expression to darken.
“It’s on! Let’s see how much you’re willing to spend!” Mike immediately swiped his card again and shouted. “I want 20 bottles!”
20 bottles cost 200 thousand dollars, double what Chubster had paid earlier. There was no way Mike was willing to give up now.
“Hey, chubster. Do you know how powerful Mike is? You should give up before you embarrass yoursell!” Nina boasted loudly.
1/3
Chapter 439
“Hmph! Mike’s family has hundreds of millions in assets. What makes
you think you can win against him?”
“Precisely! 200 thousand is nothing to him. I dare you to top that. Let’s see who the final winner is.”
A chorus of taunts and jeers rose from the crowd of youngsters, who were at the age where they cared about nothing else besides their ego. Naturally, it meant returning insults after being on the receiving end.
“Foolish brats!” The chubby man sniggered and swiped his card again. “I want another hundred bottles!”
“100 bottles of red wine?” The man’s order caused an uproar among the crowd, who couldn’t believe someone
had not hesitated to spend a million dollars on 100 bottles of red wine.
“He’s a real tycoon!”
“That much money could get him a house, but he gave it away so casually. Just how rich is he?”
Everyone was shocked. No one expected to encounter such a scene when they merely came to enjoy some
drinks and music.
“I dare you to top that, brat.” Chubster sniggered.
Mike gritted his teeth, his expression darkening. A million dollars was far from a small amount of money. His
monthly allowance was only 100 thousand dollars at most, and his yearly allowance amounted to only around
a million dollars. The thought of spending a year’s worth of allowance just for a singer troubled Mike. Worse still, he didn’t have that much money on his card.
“Get him, Mike!“
Chapter 459
“Yeah! He’s too arrogant! You should teach him a lesson!”
“It won’t be a big deal since the money is going to Ruby anyway.”
Mike’s friends were ticked off by the chubby man’s attitude and chose to fuel the fire. Mike’s hands clenched
into fists, his face becoming stormy with anger.
“Goddamn it! I just wanted to show off and impress Ruby. How was I supposed to know that the average-
looking chubster was rich?” he thought.
“Pfft! Don’t tell me you ran out of money,” the chubby man jeered as realization dawned on him. “You’re trying to show off your wealth when you don’t even have a million dollars? How embarrassing!”
“You-” Mike’s jaw clenched, but he couldn’t refute what the other man was saying.
His friends quickly noticed something was wrong after seeing him remain silent, and they soon realized they
might lose.
“What made you think an immature brat like you could win against me? How foolish!” The chubby man scoffed. “Go home and play with your toys instead of making a fool of yourself here. Do you fancy yourself a knight in shining armor? Ha, what a joke!”
“You’re going too far!” Mike yelled.
“So what? You could always prove me wrong by paying up.” Chubster taunted, rendering Mike speechless. Shut the hell up if you don’t have that money.” The chubby man glowered at Mike before turning his attention
2/3
Chapter 439
to Ruby. “I’ve spent a million dollars on you, sweetie, so you better start singing. You’re going to have a few drinks with me after that too.”
“I’ll sing for you, but I’m going to have to turn down the drinks.” Ruby shook her head.
While she was shocked by the chubby man’s considerable wealth, she also knew what he had in mind, so there was no way she’d share some drinks with him.
“I spent over a million dollars on you, so how hard can it be to share a few drinks with me?” Chubster huffed. displeased.
“I’m not good with drinks.” Ruby seemed troubled.
“Shut up! You aren’t leaving here if you don’t drink with me!” the chubby man shouted.
“Is a million a lot?” Dustin suddenly questioned icily. “I’ll pay you ten million dollars to leave this instant instead of disgusting everyone.
###Chapter 440 by Marina Vittori
“Ten million?” The crowd exchanged astonished glances when they heard him. Ordinary citizens couldn’t even dream of earning that much money in their lifetime. How could Dustin make such a bold statement?
“Do you even have that kind of money?” Abigail asked, shocked and anxious.
“Come on, don’t show off when you don’t even have that much money. You’ll only end up embarrassing yourself.” Mike said scornfully, giving Dustin a disdainful look. Although he dared not challenge the chubby man again, he still had the audacity to look down on Dustin. There was no way he believed a shabby–looking country bumpkin could win against someone as wealthy as Chubster.
“You’re just spouting nonsense to show off, right? Well, let’s see how this ends!” Nina snorted, not believing that someone like Dustin would have ten million dollars.
“Who the fuck said that?” Surprised, Chubster glanced around the room frostily.
“It was me.” Dustin stood up slowly, his stare icy.
“Are you challenging me?” Chubster sneered. “Are you sure a beggar like you has ten million dollars?”
“And what if I do?” Dustin retorted.
“Then you can have the girl. If you don’t, you’ll have to get on your knees in front of everyone and bark like a
dog!” Chubster taunted.
Upon hearing that, the crowd roared enthusiastically. After all, the show had gone from just competing with
money to verbal insults.
“Why don’t we just let this go? Fighting against someone like him is pointless.” Abigail advised Dustin. Truth be told, she doubted Dustin as well. After all, he wouldn’t be staying in her home if he had ten million dollars.
“Of course not. He challenged me, so how can I back down now?” Dustin replied nonchalantly.
“But this is ten million dollars we’re talking about, not one million!” Abigail cried, feeling desperate. She
dreaded the thought of seeing Dustin bark like a dog for the chubby man.
“Don’t worry. It’s just ten million dollars. No biggie,” Dustin answered with a smile.
“Do you think you’re a billionaire? Just ten million dollars? Yeah, right.” Nina snorted. How could a country bumpkin like him have ten million dollars when even someone as rich as Mike was struggling?
“Let him be. We should just let him keep acting.” Mike smiled cooly.
“Hey! What are you guys mumbling about over there?” Chubster shouted. “Are you going to do it or not? Get lost if you’re not. You’re ruining my mood!”
“Who says I’m not going to?” Dustin smirked. “But we should make it fair. The person who loses has to kneel and bark like a dog. How about that?”
“Are you trying to scare me? Ha, you’re on!” Chubster retorted boldly. “I’ll get down on my knees and start barking if you can produce ten million dollars.”
1/2
Chapter 440
“We have a deal.” Dustin smiled and pulled out his card, tossing it to the owner. “I’d like to treat that lady to ten million dollars.”
“Are you serious?” The owner gripped the card, bewildered. His entire establishment wasn’t even worth that much money.
“Why would I lie? Swipe it. The PIN is 666666,” Dustin replied calmly.
“Alright, then.” The owner gulped and ran to the counter to process the request.
Chubster started feeling nervous when he saw how confident Dustin was. “Don’t tell me that shabby kid
actually has that much money,” he thought.
The rest of the crowd also began exchanging uncertain glances.
###Chapter 441 by Marina Vittori
Despite how plainly dressed Dustin was, his confident and collected demeanor made people think twice about their opinions of him. They began to believe that he was either a regular braggart or someone who actually had ten million dollars.
As everyone waited silently for the results, the restaurant owner walked over and said, “My apologies, sir, but the PIN was wrong, and the transaction failed.”
“Wrong?” Dustin was surprised.
Wasn’t his PIN 666666? Did he remember wrongly?
“What about the ten million you were talking about?” Chubster burst out laughing. “Why bother pretending if you’re poor? Did you think you could get away with it by acting? What a joke!”
“Tsk. Turns out he’s just a braggart. I nearly believed him.”
“I know, right? And it must be embarrassing to get your lie exposed like that.”
Everyone cast their mocking and disdainful gazes at him, believing that the wrong PIN was his excuse to escape from paying. There was no way they’d allow him to get the attention without paying the money.
“That’s such a stupid trick. Only you would use that kind of excuse!” Mike scoffed loudly.
“What kind of friend do you have, Abigail? He’s so shameless! Isn’t it bad enough that he’s poor? How could he pretend to be wealthy?” Nina sneered.
*Exactly. Who knew someone who looks as good as him would do something like that?”
The group Dustin was sitting with began chipping in with scornful comments, feeling ashamed.
“I told you not to act like a hero.” Abigail frowned, her face burning slightly.
Instead of responding to the mockery. Dustin turned to the owner and said, “If the PIN isn’t 666666, then it’s 888888. Try again.”
“Are you sure?” The owner raised an eyebrow, displeased. He was sure he was being toyed with.
“Yes.” Dustin nodded.
“Fine. I hope it’s correct this time.” The owner smirked before heading back to the counter.
“Pilt! Keep acting, then!” Chubster sneered. “Let’s see how long you can keep this up.”
“I guess someone people just don’t know when to give up,” Mike quipped.
“Doesn’t he find it embarrassing to keep up with the act when he’s already been exposed?” Nina humphed in disgust.
Dustin had clearly turned into a clown, and the onslaught of insults and jeers never stopped.
Just then, the owner rushed over anxiously and stammered. “I–it’s wrong, sir!”
Chapter 441
“What? It’s still wrong?” Dustin frowned.
Those surrounding him burst out laughing this time.
“This trick again? Can’t you think of something new?”
‘I’ve met people who are shameless, but none who are as shameless as you!”
*Stop joking around. Get to your knees and start barking.”
“How shameful! Well, you had it coming.”
By then, Chubster, Mike, and everyone else was blatantly laughing at him.
“You’re all mistaken! It’s not the PIN that’s wrong; it’s the amount I keyed in!” The owner cried out, panicked. “I was supposed to key in ten million dollars, but I accidentally added another zero, and the amount became 100 million dollars! Worse, the transaction has already gone through, so I can’t fix it! I’m so sorry.”
Instantly, the room went pin–drop silent.
###Chapter 442 by Marina Vittori
‘he crowd was stunned to see the owner frantically apologizing to Dustin. They all gaped at Dustin, jaws Iropped in disbelief.
‘en million dollars had accidentally turned into 100 million dollars, and the transaction was successful? 
How much money was on that card?
lo one could laugh anymore. Instead, their eyes were full of shock and envy as they stared at Dustin, who had asily paid what ordinary families couldn’t even earn after generations.
He was the true tycoon!
T–that’s impossible!” After getting over his shock, Mike’s reaction turned into disbelief. “Did you make a nistake, sir? There’s no way this guy could have so much money!”
How could such a shabbily dressed man have 100 million dollars? 
‘He’s right. It has to be fake. There’s no way anyone would carry 100 million dollars around!” Nina voiced her suspicions as well, Although none of the others spoke, they obviously doubted it as well.
‘Look closely, you ignorant fools!” The owner humphed and slapped the bill onto the table.
Several people who read the slip of paper were shocked.
“l–it’s real?”
Both Mike and Nina were stunned, and even those who had their doubts were astonished. With the proof right before their eyes, they had no choice but to recognize Dustin’s wealth,
“Where did you get so much money?” Abigail asked in awe. Ten million dollars was shocking enough, much less 100 million.
“I earned it, of course. How else?” Dustin responded indifferently.
“What do you do to earn that much?” Abigail became even more curious.
“I’m a doctor. I treat wealthy people, so it shouldn’t be surprising. Dustin answered truthfully.
“I see
For a moment. Abigail pondered if she should start learning medicine instead.
“My apologies, sir. I’ll contact someone to refund you immediately,” the owner kept apologizing. There was no way he could afford to offend someone who had over 100 million dollars. Anyone in their industry knows that if someone has 100 million in their deposits, their total assets could be worth ten times more!
*Just get it done,” Dustin responded with a nod before turning his attention to Chubster. “Hey, Chubster! I don’t have ten million dollars. Will 100 million do?”
The corner of Fatty’s eye twitched, his face darkening rapidly. Just like how arrogant his attitude had been earlier, he felt equally humiliated right now. Who could have thought that a country bumpkin could be this rich?
“I’ll take your silence as a ‘yes, Dustin smirked. “As per our earlier agreement, you should get to your knees and start barking now.”
1/2
“You should go easy on others. You never know what might happen in the future, so don’t push your luck!” Chubster growled.
“I doubt you were going to let me go easily either, so why should I go easy on you?” Dustin wore a fake smile.
“Because I’m from the Doyle family!” Chubster answered coldly. “My name is Duncan Doyle, and my eldest brother is Terry Doyle, someone who is well–known in Millsburg!”
“What? Terry Doyle?”
Everyone paled after hearing his name. Most people have heard of that name before. The Doyle family is a martial arts family that runs a security firm. They were known for providing excellent security for wealthy and powerful families.
Terry Doyle was the future head of the family. At a young age, he had already made a name for himself for being a capable but ruthless man who disregarded the law.
###Chapter 443 by Marina Vittori
In terms of power, Terry was potentially Tyler Grant’s rival since they both liked doing things however they wanted. “So what if you’re rich? You still have to submit to the Doyle family.” Mike goaded secretly.
As a martial arts family, the Doyle family has always acted however they liked, so they would never take this matter lightly.
“The Doyle family is incredibly powerful. I guess it’s over for this guy.” Nina shook her head, pleased with the show.
Being rich was different from being powerful. Some rich families were nothing but ants to powerful families. “You scared now?” Duncan smirked. “Since you know who I am now, you should know what to do next, right?”
He may not be able to withdraw 100 million dollars, but he had a powerful brother. As long as he used his brother’s name, most people would let him have his way.
“So what? Don’t be a sore loser. You’ve lost the bet, so you should keep your side of the bargain,” Dustin responded bluntly.
“Huh?” Duncan frowned. “Do you have any idea what you’re saying? Are you challenging the Doyle family right now?”
“My answer remains the same. Since you lost, you’ll have to kneel! Custin answered.
“You have no shame!” Duncan slammed his palm onto the table and yelled. “Men, teach him a lesson!”
Immediately, two burly bodyguards popped out of the corner of the room.
“Those who disrespect the Doyle family will have to pay the price. Therefore, we will break one of your arms
today!”
The two guards glowered at Dustin as they advanced furiously, making people dodge aside out of fear,
“Go away!” As soon as the two men came near him, Dustin smacked them across the face forcefully, sending them flying. Furniture broke, and wine splattered in all directions.
“Holy shit!” Duncan was shocked. He didn’t expect Dustin to be so powerful, defeating his two elite
bodyguards effortlessly.
“Kneel!” Dustin walked toward the other man slowly, his eyes turning menacing.
“Y–you better not mess around! My brother won’t let you go if you harm me!” Duncan shrieked.
“Is that so? Let’s see if your brother is capable enough.” Dustin sneered before jamming his foot into Duncan’s abdomen.
“Ouch!” Duncan wailed. He soared through the air before his knees smashed into the ground, turning into a bloody mess.
“H–h–how dare you hit me!” Duncan stammered, outraged,
1/2
Chapter
“So what?” Dustin replied calmly. “You shouldn’t blame me for teaching you a lesson when you broke your promise first. It should be fair to trade the three barks with three slaps.”
With that, he delivered two slaps across Duncan’s face. It caused the man to feel lightheaded, his teeth popping out and his nose bleeding. Duncan’s already plump face swelled up even further.
“Remember to keep a low profile the next time you try to have some fun.” Dustin raised his hand slowly and delivered the last blow.
With a loud smack, Duncan’s body, which weighed over 200 pounds, flew into the air before landing on one of the tables heavily, and the man passed out on the spot.
The sight had rendered everyone speechless as they gaped at Dustin,
How could he hit someone from the Doyle family? Did he have a death wish?
###Chapter 444 by Marina Vittori
“Are you out of your mind? How could you attack someone from the Doyle family?” Nina and the others went pale as a sheet when they saw Duncan lying on the floor, unconscious. They never expected Dustin to be so bold.
“So what?” Dustin replied, unconcerned. “Hmmph! What an ignorant fool!” Nina glanced at him disdainfully. “The Doyle family is one of the Fabulous Five. You might end up as a corpse floating in the Ziby River by tomorrow!”
“Really? I don’t think so.” Dustin shrugged. “Don’t think you can do whatever you want just because you’re rich. The Doyle family is far stronger than you can imagine.” Mike informed scornfully. Terry Doyle is also a protective man. If he hears that his family was attacked, he’ll take this seriously! If I were you, I’d start apologizing to them and atoning for my sins. That way. you might still have a chance of survival.”
Dustin gave the other man a small smile in response. “Well, you aren’t me.”
“I’ve said what I needed to say. Since you’re being so foolish, good luck. Let’s go!” Mike sneered and got up to leave. He didn’t want to get caught up in this mess with the Doyle family.
“Hmmph! It’s no use talking to people like you. When the time comes, you’ll learn just how powerful they are.” Nina shot Dustin a glare before following Mike.
“Dude, word of advice? Leave Millsburg right now. Run as far as you can before it’s too late,” the group cautioned before leaving hurriedly, worried they might get roped in as well.
“What should we do now? You seem to have gotten yourself in trouble now. I shouldn’t have encouraged you earlier.” Abigail muttered worriedly. She has heard of the Doyle family before as well. They were people whom ordinary citizens like her could never cross.
“Calm down. It’s no big deal.” Dustin smiled.
“Yeah, right. Quit bragging.” Abigail huffed.
“You’ll find out soon.” Dustin chuckled but didn’t explain further.
“Thanks for that just now.” Just then, Ruby walked over and nodded her head at Dustin.
“You’re welcome. That chubster just happened to annoy me.” Dustin waved her off before suddenly thinking of something. ‘Oh, right. Remember to return my ten million dollars.”
“What?” Ruby was stunned. She didn’t expect him to bring up money at that moment.
“Hey, how can you ask someone to pay back the money you’ve already gifted out? That’s such a spineless move.” Abigail gave him an odd look.
“I was only doing that to defend you guys. You don’t expect me to still give my money away, do you?” Dustin splayed out his hands.
“You’re an interesting guy. Sure. I’ll return your money to you. Let me get your contact first.”
Ruby smiled and exchanged numbers with Dustin before continuing. “You can call me if the Doyle family tries anything funny.”
“Huh?” Dustin was surprised. From the way Ruby spoke, he could tell that there was more than what met the eye.
“It’s late, Abigail. I’ll be going home now. Talk to you soon,” Ruby waved her hand and turned to leave..
“Hey, kid. Who’s that friend of yours? She doesn’t seem like an ordinary person.” Dustin casually asked.
“I heard that she comes from a rich family, but I don’t know what business they’re in.” Abigail shook her head. “Forget it. Let’s go. Your dad’s going to get worried.” Pushing the matter aside. Dustin and Abigail quickly left.
###Chapter 445 by Marina Vittori
The next morning. Dustin was reading medical literature when a silver Bentley pulled up at the entrance of the courtyard.
“Bad news, Dustin! Something happened to my dad!” Ruth rushed into the building and yelled anxiously.
“Calm down. Your dad won’t die yet.” Dustin slowly lowered his book, looking unbothered.
“Huh? How did you know?” Ruth was surprised.
“Didn’t I tell you yesterday? Your father was poisoned, and he won’t live past three days. This is only the second day, so he still has one day left.” Dustin answered.
“Then, what should we do? Can you treat him?” Ruth pressed.
“I can, but on one condition.”
“What is it?”
“I hope your family can agree to your sister’s request and break off the engagement with the Grant family.
“Break off the engagement?” Ruth frowned. “Dustin, this isn’t a matter to be taken lightly. My father won’t agree to it.”
The marriage was one that both families were expecting. Should the engagement be broken off, the relationship between the two families would worsen, which could negatively impact the Harmon family.
“Don’t tell me it’s more important than your father’s life?” Dustin retorted.
“You don’t know my dad. He’s always prioritized the bigger picture. For the greater good of the family, he’d rather sacrifice himself!” Ruth told him gravely.
“He’s that stubborn?” Dustin was surprised.
“Why else would my sister be forced to do something against her will? I would love for you to be my brother–in- law, but my dad will never allow her to break off the engagement.” Ruth sighed.
“What a stubborn old man!” Dustin frowned. At first, he thought he’d be able to use this incident to change the other man’s mind, but it seemed like that plan was bound to fail.
Suddenly, Ruth said, “If you want to stop them from getting married, I have an idea.”
“What is it?” Dustin asked.
“It’ll be hard to get through my dad, but you can always try someone else. For example, the Grant family.” Ruth lowered her voice. “The Harmons‘ annual family gathering is happening tomorrow. I’m sure Tyler will send some gifts tomorrow. You should use that opportunity to kick up a fuss. You might be able to mess the
engagement up that way.”
“Are you sure it’ll work?” Dustin thought about it.
“That doesn’t matter. You still have to try. I’m sure you’ll be fine.” Ruth puffed out her chest.
1/2
Chapter 445
Dustin stared at her tiredly without replying. She must spend too much time watching soap operas.
“I don’t mind saving your father, Roth, but I need to meet your sister first.” Dustin decided to compromise. He was more worried that he might take things too far, so he wanted to ask for Natasha’s opinion beforehand.
“No problem. I’ll get it down right now!” Ruth took out her phone and made a call. After a moment, she answered. “My mom agreed. As long as you can treat my father, she’ll let you meet my sister.”
“Deal!” Dustin sprung up and got into the Bentley to accompany Ruth back to the Harmon estate. He has been feeling anxious for the past few days. Now, they could finally meet again.
###Chapter 446 by Marina Vittori
At noon, Dustin sat in Ruth’s car, and the two of them arrived at the Harmon estate with ease.
As one of the Fabulous Five, the Harmon family’s headquarters were luxurious. It had a man–made lake, a garden with artificial hills, farms, wineries, and numerous magnificent villas.
Hundreds of guards patrolled the perimeters, and dozens of staff worked there, fully demonstrating the power
of an aristocratic family.
Staring at the garden, Dustin pondered about the annual family gathering happening tomorrow.
“We’re here.”
The silver Bentley slowly pulled into the entrance of the main villa. As soon as they got out of the car, they
spotted Jessica and two servants waiting for them at the entrance.
“You’re here.” Jessica gave Dustin a lock over and asked cooly, “Yesterday, you said that my husband was poisoned by mystic poison. Is that true?”
“You wouldn’t have looked for me if it weren’t,” Dustin answered, making Jessica narrow her eyes.
She would never have sought him out if her husband, Hector, hadn’t succumbed to the odd illness. Even the doctors in their family couldn’t find the cause of the problem.
“Let me ask you again. Are you sure you can cure him?” Jessica asked again.
“I’m not sure. That depends on the severity of his sickness. If it hasn’t progressed too far, it’ll be easy to treat but it’ll be hard if it has.” Dustin didn’t promise her anything.
“Follow me.” Jessica frowned and spun around to lead the way.
Dustin and Ruth quickly followed her, and they soon arrived at a ward full of medical equipment. Many specialists were gathered there as they tried to come up with a treatment plan while Hector lay unconscious on the bed. His once charming face had turned blue, and his lips had turned a shade of purple from the
powerful poison.
Dustin approached the bed and took Hector’s pulse before checking his eyes and mouth. He was now sure that Hector had been poisoned by incredibly potent poison.
“Dustin, how’s my dad? Can you treat him?” Ruth asked tentatively.
“It’s a little tricky, but I can try.” Dustin answered after thinking about it.
“Try?” Jessica frowned. “This is his life we’re talking about, and you’re telling me you’ll try? Are you joking?”
“Mrs. Harmon, this isn’t any regular poison. We’ll have to take a risk if we want to save him.” Dustin explained. With how serious Hector’s condition was, it’d be a miracle if they could even save his life.
“That’s not what I want to hear! I want my husband to recover completely!” Jessica hissed.
“She’s right. If you can’t do it, let us treat him.”
Suddenly, a group of people entered the room. They were led by a chubby, middle–aged man, followed by
1/3
Chapter 446
Quentin and a voluptuous woman wearing a dress.
“What are you guys doing here. Trent?” Jessica was surprised.
The Harmon family had three brothers. The eldest was Trent Harmon, the middle was Jacob Harmon, and the youngest was Hector Harmon.
As the most capable brother, Hector ended up being the head of the family.
“I heard Hector had fallen ill, so I sought out a famous international doctor. Trent gestured to someone behind him, and a blond man in a coat walked forward, proudly carrying a case.
“This is Dr. Peter Shillingford.” Trent introduced with a smile. “Dr. Peter is one of the best doctors in the world, and he’s currently a professor at Harvard Medical School. He’s known for treating all sorts of illnesses. I’m sure Hector will be safe now that he’s here.”
“A professor at Harvard?” Jessica’s face lit up when she heard that. It was easy to imagine how excellent Peter’s skills must be to be a professor at the world’s best medical school. There was no way the doctors in
their country could be better than him.
“What are you waiting for, Rhys? Step aside! There’s no way your measly skills can compete with Dr. Peter.” Trent sneered.
“I’m not underestimating him, but he won’t be able to treat this,” Dustin replied calmly. The poison inside Hector was made up of a combination of witchcraft and parasitic poison. No matter how advanced Western.
medicine might be, there was no way the doctor would be able to treat this.
“Humph! What a fool!” Quentin snapped. Just because you’re a loser doesn’t mean Dr. Peter is. Go away.
Don’t delay Hector’s treatment!”
“Jessica, what on earth were you thinking? How could you trust a quack doctor? What would you do if Hector ended up suffering side effects? Who would take the responsibility for that? Trent demanded, displeased.
“You’re right.” Jessica smiled sheepishly. She turned around and told Dustin, “Dustin, get out of Dr. Peter’s
way.”
“Mrs. Harmon, I promise I can save Mr. Harmon’s life, but I can’t say the same for someone else.” Dustin
warned.
“Don’t tell me you think you’re better than Dr. Peter. What a joke!” Quentin sniggered. “Dr. Peter is one of the best international professors of medicine. How about you? You don’t even have a medical license. What gives you the courage to challenge Dr. Peter?”
“Things from overseas aren’t necessarily better. Besides, traditional medicine isn’t inferior to modern medicine. * Dustin retorted.
“I’ve heard of traditional medicine before. It’s the thing people use to trick patients, isn’t it?” Peter’s smug voice rang cut. His intonation wasn’t the best, but his words could still be heard clearly.
“You’re right! I knew you’d be able to tell!” Quentin gave Peter a thumbs–up and smiled. “Modern medicine is the best. Traditional medicine is old news by now. People only use it to trick others nowadays.”
“I don’t mind you looking down at me, but you shouldn’t look down on traditional medicine. Ignorant people
Chapter 446
like you don’t even know how powerful traditional medicine can be.” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“Why don’t we have a small competition since you seem unconvinced?* Peter smirked.
“How?” Dustin.
‘See this patient right here? We’ll come up with our own treatment plans. Whoever treats him the quickest wins. The person who loses has to admit that their nothing but a fraud and quit practicing medicine.” Peter taunted.
“Are you sure you want to put the stakes so high?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“Why? Are you afraid?” Peter leered. “I’ll let this matter go if you admit that traditional medicine is merely a fraud.”
“Afraid?” Dustin shook his head. “Well, I am slightly afraid that you might burst out crying.”
###Chapter 447 by Marina Vittori
“You agree, then?” Peter regarded Dustin disdainfully with his arms folded.
“Of course.” Dustin nodded. “Since you look so confident. I’m curious to see how good you are. However, I hope you don’t regret your promise later.”
“Good. I’ll show you how lacking your traditional medicine is compared to modern medicine!” Peter smirked smugly. He pulled a vial of green liquid from his case and explained. “See this? This is the newest antidote my
team developed. Within thirty minutes, the patient will wake up again.”
“Good luck.” Dustin’s response was simple.
“Look closely. This is the power of science!” Peter exclaimed before slowly injecting the green drug into
Hector’s body.
After ten minutes, the unconscious man began to react. Sweat beaded Hector’s forehead, his limbs began warming up, and the blue discoloration in his skin began to recede as his condition began to improve.
“It’s working! It’s working!”
Jessica and Ruth were over the moon to see the changes.
As expected of a leading medical professor from abroad, the effects of such a small action were amazing.
“Do you see this, Rhys? This is Dr. Peter’s skills. One vial was enough to deal with a complicated issue your couldn’t deal with!” Quentin grinned.
“That’s just a temporary fix. It won’t fix the root cause.” Dustin replied indifferently.
“You sure are as stubborn as a mule!” Quentin humphed.
“Western medicine is all about science while traditional medicine is nothing but tricks. How could you ever win?” Peter grinned smugly.
“You’re incredible, Dr. Peter!” Jessica praised.
“What do you think, Jessica? The person I asked for help is good, isn’t he?” Trent smiled softly.
“Thank you so much, Trent. I don’t know what I’d do without you.” Jessica lowered her head.
“Don’t mention it. We’re a family, after all.” Trent waved her off. “The annual family gathering is tomorrow. As the head of the family, Hector will have to host the event, so make sure he takes care of himself.”
“I will.” Jessica nodded her head.
“Hey, Rhys! It’s time to keep up your end of the bargain!” Quentin yelled. “From today onwards, you’re a liar who can’t ever practice medicine again. Got it?”
Wed
don’t know who the winner is yet. Aren’t you speaking too soon?” Dustin retorted.
“Just look at the evidence. Are you trying to go back on your word?” Quentin sniggered.
“Open your goddamn eyes and see how your uncle is doing.” Dustin gestured with his chin.
Chapter 447
“Huh?”
Quentin turned around to see that Hector’s condition had worsened. His skin, which had seen some improvement earlier, had turned blue once more.
“Why is this happening? Hasn’t he been cured?” Quentin paled.
“Dr. Peter, what’s happening?” Jessica frowned, her earlier happiness quickly turning back to worry.
“That’s odd. He was fine just now.” Peter noted, puzzled. “Maybe the dosage was too low. Let me inject another vial.” He pulled out another vial from his case and administered the drug once more.
The results were the same. After a temporary improvement, Hector’s skin and lips would turn blue and purple. and his limbs would turn stiff again. Instead of improving, his condition seemed to worsen further. “Dr. Peter, didn’t you say that everything was fine? Why is this happening?”
###Chapter 448 by Marina Vittori
Jessica’s eyes had turned hostile. “That’s odd. We’ve tested our antidote multiple times. There’s no way it would fail.” Peter began feeling slightly nervous as well.
“What now?” Jessica demanded with a frown. “This place is too poorly equipped. There’s nothing better I can do. Peter answered seriously.
“So you turned out to be useless after all?” Jessica’s face darkened further. The person she thought was her husband’s savior turned out to be a quack doctor!
“Why don’t you think of another solution, Dr. Peter?” Quentin insisted.
“It’s futile. The technology your country uses is too dated. I can only cure him back in my country.” Peter shook his head, feeling proud of his country.
“Just admit that you can’t do it and stop blaming our facilities or technology.” Dustin retorted cooly.
“As if you’d be able to treat something I can’t!” Peter humphed haughtily.
“This is the difference between traditional medicine and modern medicine. You need all sorts of equipment, but we only need our hands and some silver needles,” Dustin replied calmly.
“Nonsense! Do you think you’re God or something?” Peter looked at him dubiously. As one of the best doctors in the world, he despised frauds like Dustin.
“I have no idea if God can do it, but I’m sure I can.” Dustin answered.
“Fine! Go ahead! Let’s see how quack doctors like you treat patients. Peter flushed with anger.
“Exactly! What’s the point of saying all that? You need to treat Uncle Hector first!” Quentin echoed along.
“Alright. I’ll show you!”
Dustin unbuttoned Hector’s shirt and drew out his silver needles. After studying Hector’s body carefully, he pricked several of the man’s vital pressure points, most of which were gathered around his midsection. When all the needles were in place, he flicked one finger, and the dozens of needles began vibrating at a high frequency.
Soon, dark blood tricked out of where the needles were placed and slowly gave way to a steady stream of vibrant red. Then, Dustin took out a pill and stuck it into Hector’s mouth.
When the man’s stomach began grumbling, Dustin slapped his palm on his midsection. Instantly, Hector sprung up and spat out a mouthful of darkened blood, which fell to the floor with a sizzle.
Everyone in the room was shocked when they saw a cluster of wiggling, red maggots swimming in the pool of blood.
It was a frightening sight.
“What’s going on?”
Chapter 448
The crowd exchanged puzzled glances. No one could have expected Hector to have so many maggots in his
stomach.
“This is the mystic poison I was talking about. Do you believe me now?” Dustin slowly let out his breath and
turned to Jessica.
Jessica frowned but said nothing.
“H–how did you do that?” Peter gaped at Dustin in awe.
After throwing up the mouthful of dark blood, Hector’s complexion had returned to normal, and his breathing
finally evened out, seeming to be fine now.
“This is traditional medicine. You’ll never understand it.” Dustin stated indifferently.
Peter blushed in embarrassment, not expecting the ordinary doctor he mocked to be so skilled.
Was this the power of traditional medicine?
###Chapter 449 by Marina Vittori
Not long after he spat out the dark blood, Hector came around. Although his body was weak, it was a miracle that he’d made it.
As for Peter, when he saw Hector regain consciousness, he admitted defeat and apologized to Dustin sincerely. He said that he’d been foolish to underestimate the power of traditional medicine and that he’d resign from his position after returning to his country to start learning traditional medicine instead.
Dustin decided to let the man be. After all, Peter may be a proud man, but he sincerely respected those who were stronger than him.
The rest of the Harmon family also resumed their activities after making sure that Hector was fine. Quentin,
however, made sure to glare at Dustin on his way out.
“How are you feeling. Dad? Are you in pain anywhere?” Ruth walked over to the bed, holding a glass of warm
water.
“I’m fine. I just feel slightly bloated.” Hector took two sips.
“Duh. Look at the blood you threw up. It’s full of maggots!” Ruth told him, shaken.
“Huh?” Hector looked down and frowned. “What’s this?”
“Dustin said you were poisoned by mystic poison. If it weren’t for him, you’d still be unconscious right now.”
Ruth explained.
“Dustin?” Hector glanced around before noticing Dustin standing beside him, his expression turning troubled.”
I didn’t expect you to save me.”
“It’s still too early to celebrate. Although I’ve gotten rid of the venomous curse, you aren’t in the clear yet.”
Dustin told them bluntly.
“What do you mean?” Hector frowned.
“Mystic poison is a combination of witchcraft and parasitic poison. The parasitic poison has been cleared, but
the witchcraft issue remains.” Dustin explained.
“Then what should we do?” Hector asked.
“Simple. I just need to treat you once per day for the next five days, and you’ll recover,” Dustin said.
“I see.” Hector nodded and asked, “How much will each treatment cost?”
“I don’t want money. I just need you to promise me something.” Dustin bargained.
“What is it?”
“I hope you can annul the engagement between the Harmon family and the Grant family.” Dustin’s reply was astonishing.
“Annul the engagement?” Hector frowned. “Never!”
“To tell you the truth, Mr. Harmon, I’m the only one who can save your life. I think trading that marriage for your
1/2
Chapter 449
life is a good deal,” Dustin said with a small smile.
“Are you threatening me?” Hector narrowed his eyes.
“I wouldn’t dare. I’m merely making a request.”
“My answer won’t change. Never!” Hector’s attitude was firm. “I can tell you that it doesn’t matter if you treat me. The marriage will still commence.”
“Aren’t you scared of dying?” Dustin frowned.
“What’s there to fear? Everyone has to die eventually. The only thing different is the timing.” Hector answered calmly.
“I guess you are different. No one would think about death so calmly.” Dustin sighed. He had his doubts when he heard what Ruth said earlier, but after speaking with Hector, he was now sure that the older man was not afraid of death at all
Stubborn men like Hector were always the hardest to deal with.
“It’s pointless to butter up to me now. Tell me how much money you want for saving me today, and forget about everything else.” Hector stated icily.
“You don’t have to pay me. I did what I needed to. I just want to see Natasha.” Dustin gave in.
“Why do you want to see her? You should know that there’s no future for you two!” Hector warned.
“Even if there isn’t, there’s nothing wrong with meeting a friend, right? Besides, Mrs. Harmon already agreed to this earlier.” Dustin replied.
###Chapter 450 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?” Hector turned around and looked at Jessica, who reluctantly said, “You were in critical condition, so I became desperate and told him that as long as he’s able to treat you. I’ll let the two of them meet.”
“That’s fine. Your intentions were good.” Hector didn’t get angry but responded calmly instead. “I agree to let you two meet, but you’d better not mess around. I’ll have someone watching you. Got it?”
“Yes!” Dustin agreed immediately.
“Ruth, lead him to your sister,” Hector instructed.
“Okay!” Ruth chirped.
Natasha has been waiting for this chance for ages, and today, the two would finally get to meet.
–
“Oh, that reminds me. Before leaving the room, Dustin halted and turned his head around. “Mr. Harmon, mystic poison isn’t a simple issue. The person who poisoned you probably has more in store. Be careful of those around you.”
“Got it.” Hector nodded. He has always lived in seclusion, so it wasn’t easy to poison him. It was also worth noting that tomorrow was the annual family gathering. As the head of the family, things would be thrown into
chaos should others find out that he had fallen ill
Therefore, it was hard not to have suspicions when the timing at which things were happening was so
precarious.
“Jesicca, who do you think poisoned me?” Hector asked all of a sudden.
“Besides the Dark Lord, I can’t think of anyone else who is skilled at the mystic arts and holds a grudge against our family.” Jessica responded in a serious tone.
The mysterious and powerful Dark Lord has always been a thorn in their side. The Harmon family has invested in countless men to get rid of him over the years, but their efforts proved to be futile. Every year, core members.
of the Harmon family would mysteriously end up dead, and each time, clues would point to the Dark Lord as
the culprit.
It was safe to say that one man alone had made the entire Harmon family restless,
y and mentally.
“Yes He’s the only one.” Hector sighed tiredly. “Unfortunately, we can’t do much since he continues to hide
in the dark. That’s why I have no choice but to force Natasha to marry into the Grant family.”
“I understand.” Jessica sighed as well. “We can only use the Grant family’s power to deal with the Dark Lord if
Natasha marries Tyler. Or else, our entire family will be doomed.”
“I feel so sorry for Natasha. She has to sacrifice herself for our family.” Hector looked remorseful. As a father.
there was nothing he wished more than his children’s happiness. Alas, some things were beyond his control.
“Natasha is a good girl. She’ll understand why you’re doing this,” Jessica consoled him.
“I hope so.” Hector sighed again. Suddenly, he thought of something and asked, “What do you think of Dustin?”
“He’s a genius who’s skilled in both medicine and martial arts. He might be the best among his peers in Millsburg. Unfortunately, he still has a long way to go before competing with Tyler Grant.” Jessica gave her honest opinion. After knowing Dustin longer, she finally changed her opinions about him. However, because of
his family background, there was still a gap between them.
“I wouldn’t mind making him our son–in–law if Natasha wasn’t promised to another. Unfortunately, they were just not meant to be,” Hector muttered, troubled. “Try your best to help him from now on. We owe him that much.”
“I understand,” Jessica nodded.
The marriage between the two families had been set in stone, so it was a pity that the fated pair could never get together.
###Chapter 451 by Marina Vittori
Meanwhile, in the backyard, a gorgeous woman sat gracefully on the arched bridge over the pond, her gaze fixed on the fish swimming in the water.
Her feet dangled in the air, and her toes would occasionally break the water’s surface.
Bathed in warm sunlight, she resembled a fairy, taking one’s breath away effortlessly. Even the colorful blossoms in the garden paled in comparison to her.
There was a splash as the woman flung a handful of fish feed into the pond.
Instantly, thousands of fish swarmed near her and thrashed around, splashing water everywhere. The colorful fish painted a gorgeous painting as they fought for good.
“I envy you fish. You can live without worrying about anything, unlike me, who can’t even decide what I like.” The woman sighed, her expression turning sad.
“Who said you can’t?” A familiar voice rang out behind her.
The woman froze before laughing at herself. “I’m even beginning to hallucinate in broad daylight now.”
“Hallucinate? It’s not that serious, is it?” The voice rang out again.
This time, the woman froze and slowly turned around to see a man step into the rays of sunlight and approach
her.
The person was none other than Dustin.
“W–what are you doing here?” Natasha was so elated to see the person she had been missing dearly that she even doubted her eyes. She had been confined in her room for some time now, the isolation nearly throwing
her into depression.
“Didn’t I say I’d come to look for you in Millsburg if you don’t return to Swinton? I’m keeping my promise right now.” Dustin smiled softly.
“You’re the best, Dear!” Smiling sweetly, Natasha forgot about the fish feed and threw herself into his arms. looking as happy as the fish in the pond.
Dustin finally felt his nervousness dissipate as he inhaled her familiar scent. He’d been worried ever since Natasha left Swinton, his worry only growing when he learned that she was going to marry Tyler. Now that he finally got to see her, he felt much calmer.
“Ahem. Mind your manners,” an unhappy voice lectured from behind them.
The two turned around to see a middle–aged woman standing behind Ruth.
“Mrs. Davys, I wish to talk to my friend. You may leave us.” Natasha waved her away.
“I’m sorry, Ms. Natasha. Mr. Harmon told me to keep an eye on the two of you.” Mrs. Davys shook her head.
“Hmmph! Why is that stubborn old man being so cautious? Does he think we’re going to elope?” Natasha huffed.
Mrs. Davys lowered her head without replying.
###Chapter 452 by Marina Vittori
Knowing Natasha’s temper, eloping did sound like something she might do. With the family gathering right around the corner, Mrs. Davys couldn’t let something like that happen.
“Fine. You can stay.” Natasha wasn’t in the mood to argue, so she dragged Dustin over to the gazebo over the pond.
Mrs. Davys was just about to follow them when Ruth stopped her. “My dad only said to keep an eye on them. not stalk them! Why would you impede on a couple’s private conversation?”
Mrs. Davys thought about it for a moment and decided to wait where she was. After all, the two of them were still within her sights, and she could see every move they made.
“How did you get in here, Dear? My father isn’t the type of person who would give in easily.” Natasha asked, pouring two cups of tea.
“I saved his life, so I asked to meet you in return.”
Dustin gave her a run–down of everything that had happened.
After hearing the story, Natasha grumbled. “What a reckless old man!”
“That’s why I came to talk to you. What should we do?” Dustin asked helplessly.
“I’ve been thinking about this too. There are only two ways to stop this wedding. We either change my father’s mind, or we force the Grant family to propose the annulment first.” Natasha pondered for a second before pointing out. “My father’s too stubborn. He’s even willing to die for the family, so it’ll be too difficult to persuade him unless we can get rid of his worries.”
“What worries?” Dustin asked, curious.
Natasha sighed. “Years ago, our family offended someone called the Dark Lord. He’s a ruthless and evil person who uses despicably cruel methods. He’s been tormenting our family for years, killing someone every now and then. In recent years, he has been acting more ferociously, going to more extreme lengths. Even Fletcher Lawson was one of his men. It’s safe to say that the Dark Lord is not only a thorn in my father’s side but also a constant pain in my family’s ass. The reason my parents decided to marry me off to the Grant family was to ensure my safety, as well as borrow their power to deal with the Dark Lord.”
Understanding immediately dawned on Dustin. “So, as long as we get rid of the Dark Lord, your dad might give
in?”
“Yep.” Nasha nodded. “Without the Dark Lord, our family has nothing to fear anymore.”
“Where’s the Dark Lord? I’ll get rid of him.” Dustin’s eyes turned murderous.
“Things wouldn’t have turned out this way if anyone knew where he is.” Natasha shook her head, smiling bitterly. “He’s so well hidden; I don’t even know what he looks like.”
“That’s going to be tricky.” Dustin frowned. It was going to take some time to find someone whose identity and looks were both a well–kept secret. “Since dealing with the Dark Lord Is Impossible, we can only think of a plan to make the Grant family annul the agreement first.”
1/2
Chapter 452
Natasha’s tone turned sharp. “Knowing Tyler Grant, he can’t bear it If anything is tainted. Tomorrow, when
they send the gifts over, I’ll tell him that I’m already yours. With his pride, there’s no way he’ll accept that. He
might even annul our engagement on the spot!”
“Are you sure it’ll work?” Dustin asked, unsure.
“It’s worth a shot. Natasha grinned mischievously. “No matter what, I’ll be kicking up a fuss tomorrow. Worse come to worst, I’ll just use my trump card. That way, the Grant family would never accept a daughter–in- law like me!”
“What trump card?” Dustin’s eyes twinkled.
“That’s a secret for now. You’ll find out tomorrow.” Natasha teased. After all, it’s a trump card. She wouldn’t reveal it so easily unless absolutely necessary.
###Chapter 453 by Marina Vittori
Dustin did not leave right after meeting Natasha. Instead, he stayed in the Harmon estate under the pretense of treating Hector’s illness.
Naturally, to prevent the two of them from eloping, Mrs. Davys kept a close eye on them the entire time, separating them every time their actions became intimate.
During the night, the two were forbidden from seeing each other, which Dustin obeyed begrudgingly.
With that, the night passed uneventfully.
The next morning, the Harmons‘ annual family gathering had officially begun.
Countless people began pouring into the estate, luxury cars casually clustering the plaza.
As one of the Fabulous Five, the Harmon family was incredibly prosperous, consisting of hundreds of family
members.
Besides those from the Harmon family, loyal company staff and other important family guests had all been invited as well making the place much livelier.
Hector, the head of the family, looked much better after receiving another round of treatment from Dustin.
Although the older man still looked weak, he was able to move around without much difficulty.
“Is the gathering this packed every year?” Dustin was shocked by the volume of guests heading to the banquet hall
“Of course!” Ruth lifted her head proudly. “Our family is large and well–connected, so a lot of people come for
our annual gathering.”
“They’re merely opportunists, trying to butter up to us after hearing of our union with the Grant family.” Natasha scoffed. None of the past gatherings had ever been this lively. Most of the people were obviously
here because of the Grant family.
“What are you still doing here, Rhys?” An annoying voice asked from behind them.
Dustin turned around to see Quentin and the woman from yesterday walking over. She wore a dress that showed off her voluptuous curves, and her enchanting looks only making her more bewitching. In comparison, Quentin looked much paler and weaker.
“Dustin is my dad’s savior. Why can’t he be here?” Ruth demanded.
“Hmph! It was just a coincidence. What’s there to be proud of?” Quentin scoffed.
“Mind your manners, Quentin,” the woman admonished Quentin before flashing Dustin a smile. “I’ve been feeling sick lately, Doctor. When can you come over to my room and help me take a look? You seem quite
skilled.‘
“Huh?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. What she said had sounded quite odd.
‘Dustin has been quite busy recently, Aunt Celeste. I’ll ask him to treat you when he has the time.” Natasha plastered on a smile.
1/3
Chapter 453
“Alright, then. I’ll be waiting, then.” The woman, Celeste Marrow, smiled teasingly, brushing against Dustin as she walked past, releasing a unique and calming aroma.
“Hey, our annual family gathering is not something you can join. You should piss off,” Quentin growled a warning before following the woman, emitting the same scent.
“What are you looking at?” Natasha regarded Dustin coldly when she realized he was still staring at the woman. “Don’t tell me you have a thing for other people’s wives too?”
“O–o–of course not!” Dustin choked, awkward. “I was just thinking of the unique scent she carries.”
“Are you saying I don’t smell as good as her?” Natasha snapped, jealous. “She’s my eldest aunt. You better not get any ideas.”
“Your aunt?” Dustin was surprised. ‘She’s so young. She doesn’t look much older than Quentin.”
“Obviously.” Natasha rolled her eyes. “My uncle’s first wife passed away a long time ago, so he found this woman. She looks pretty, but her reputation is horrible.”
“It’s inevitable that people would criticize a couple with such a large age gap.” Dustin wasn’t surprised.
“It’s not just that.” Natasha shook her head and lowered her voice. “I’ve heard that she plays around with Quentin as well.”
“What?” Dustin gaped at her. “Are you serious?”
A stepson having an affair with their stepmother? How scandalous!
“Why would I joke about something like that?” Natasha answered seriously. “I’m warning you. Stay away from that witch, or you won’t even know how you were caught.”
“Um
Dustin pressed his lips together, at a loss for words. No wonder the woman had been looking at him that way. She turned out to be a cheater.
Poor Trent. Dustin wondered what expression the other man would wear if he found out about his son sleeping with his wife.
As time passed, more guests filled the banquet hall, and things became even livelier. People crowded together to share wine and chat together. Beverages were self–served, so people were free to eat and drink however they pleased.
While everyone was having a good time, a wall cried out from the crowd.
A man who had been drinking suddenly began throwing up blood violently before crashing to the floor, convulsing. His face had turned blue, and blood seeped out from his nostrils, painting a terrifying picture.
“What’s going on?”
Shocked, the crowd stepped away from the fallen man. No one could have expected the man, who had been happily drinking and chatting a second ago, to abruptly fall to the floor, coughing up blood.
“How can this be?” Natasha’s brows furrowed, and she quickly approached the scene with Dustin.
Dustin studied the sick man before testing his pulse. “He was poisoned by a powerful poison!”
2/3
Chapter 45d
“Poisoned?” Natasha paled. “The food and drinks here were carefully inspected. How could it be poisoned?”
As soon as those words escaped her lips, more pained wails came from the crowd as a woman in a gown suddenly fell to the floor, convulsing, bleeding out of her nose.
“T–there’s poison in the wine!” she yelled, terrified.
Immediately, pandemonium ensued as everyone in the room panicked.
Those who hadn’t drunk the wine quickly tossed their glasses aside, while those who had quickly became frightened and broke out in a cold sweat.
Unfortunately, that was not the end.
After the first women, people began toppling over like dominoes, and more tortured wails rang out.
One after another, guests fell to the floor, blue–faced, convulsing, and bleeding out of their noses.
Within moments, more than half of the guests cried out in pain on the floor.
The few unharmed people remained rooted in their positions as they looked around, terrified. Within minutes, the once happy atmosphere had turned into complete hell!
###Chapter 454 by Marina Vittori
“What’s going on? Who did this?”
Natasha’s brow furrowed tightly as she studied the people on the floor, her face turning cold. Things would still be fine if only a few people were poisoned. Now, however, hundreds of people had been poisoned simultaneously. The consequences would be detrimental
The person who did this clearly only had one aim–to get rid of the Harmon family, once and for all!
“Dad! Mom! Uncles!”
Ruth panicked after seeing her family fall to the floor consecutively and darted toward them, but before she could reach them, she also spat out blood before crashing to the floor.
“Ruth!” Natasha paled. She was about to rush forward, but Dustin pulled her back. “Don’t go there. It’s the air that’s poisonous, not the wine!”
“Then, what should we do? We have to save them!” Natasha cried worriedly, struggling to keep calm when faced with her poisoned family members.
“Take this pill first.”
Dustin drew out a white pill and put it into Natasha’s mouth. It was a Curax, which was an antidote for
poisons.
“To cure them, we have to first find the source of the poison. Give me some time.”
After ensuring Natasha’s safety, Dustin began scanning the room. For the poison to escape his notice, it must
either be colorless and odorless or successfully fused into the environment.
“The Dark Lord! It must have been him!” Trent yelled as he lay on the floor, his agitation prompting him to
throw up more blood.
“I get it now. The Dark Lord must be trying to use this opportunity to get rid of our entire family!” Jacob seethed through gritted teeth. As a powerful martial artist, his body was better than most, and his symptoms were less severe than others. Still, he would die from the poison sooner or later.
“Him again! It’s been years! Why can’t he let us go?” Hector coughed violently, his face turning as white as a sheet as his condition began to deteriorate. There was no way he’d be fine after suffering another bout of
poisoning before he even fully recovered from the previous round.
Currently, the only ones in the hall left standing were Dustin and Natasha. Everyone else was lying on the floor,
howling in pain.
“Found it!” Dustin quickly noticed the anomaly.
Four incense burners had been placed in each corner of the hall, white smoking billowing out from them.
continuously. Upon closer inspection, Dustin realized that all of the incense had been tampered with.
Poisoned gas mixed with the scent of Incense was normally difficult for anyone to notice.
After getting rid of the source, Dustin pulled out several Curax tablets and fed them to Hector and several others.
“Natasha, get me two buckets of water.” Dustin turned around and ordered.
“Okay.”
Natasha rushed out without hesitation, reappearing moments later, carrying two buckets of water.
Dustin pulled out his bottle of Hexanavir and poured half a bottle into each bucket. There were over hundreds of poisoned victims, and he didn’t have enough Curax, so the only temporary fix left was Hexanavir.
It may not be as effective as Curax, but it could at least stop them from dying.
“Feed all the victims half a bowl of water,” Dustin instructed and got to work.
Those who were able to move crawled over to the bucket themselves, so Dustin and Natasha only had to feed those who could no longer move.
###Chapter 455 by Marina Vittori
After struggling for half an hour, everyone finally managed to drink the antidote. Although they were still weak and pale, their lives were no longer in danger.
By the time they were finished, Natasha collapsed on the floor, worn out, and Dustin heaved a sigh of relief. It was fortunate that he had so many drugs on hand, or there’d be no way he could deal with so many poisoned patients.
“Thank God you’re here, Dustin, or our family would have been done for.” Hector pulled himself up, his face full of gratitude. The Harmon family had nearly been wiped out.
“You’re welcome, Mr. Harmon. I just did what I had to.” Dustin replied, waving his arm.
“Uncle Hector, don’t you find this suspicious?” Quentin suddenly asked. “Why does this guy have the antidote?”
“What are you implying?” Hector frowned.
“Everyone who joined the gathering is either from our family or our esteemed guests. Everyone knows each other very well, while this guy is merely a stranger,” Quentin said, locking suspiciously at Dustin.
“Are you saying I’m the one who poisoned you?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“Hmmph! Someone from the inside was involved in this incident. You were able to correctly identify the cause and provide the antidote. Shouldn’t we be suspicious of you?” Quentin asked.
“Stop spouting nonsense! Why would he save you if he was the traitor?” Natasha yelled.
“To earn our trust, obviously!” Quentin answered confidently. “He orchestrated this entire thing. He first poisoned us before saving us with the antidote. This is not the first time I’m seeing such dirty tactics!”
His words immediately drew everyone’s attention to Dustin, their gazes conveying various emotions. Wariness. Distrust. Confusion. Anger.
After some thinking, they realized what Quentin said was logical. After all, everyone present had a vested interest and knew each other inside out, and the only stranger was Dustin, which made it hard not to suspect
him.
“How absurd!” Natasha cried indignantly. “Quentin Harmon! Dustin saved your life just now, but you’re accusing him wrongfully? What kind of person are you?”
“I’m just trying to help everyone figure out who the mole is,” Quentin replied unapologetically.
“Fine! You said that Dustin is the traitor. Where’s the proof?” Natasha demanded.
“Isn’t all this proof enough?” Quentin sneered. “All of us were poisoned, but he was completely fine, so who else could it be?”
His words caused an uproar.
“He’s right! All of us were poisoned except that guy. How fishy!”
“Exactly. I was wondering why he was fine, but he turned out to be the person who poisoned us!*
1/2
Chapter 455
“What a treacherous man! Why on earth did I even thank him for? Ugh!”
Everyone’s opinion about Dustin began to sway under Quentin’s prodding. Instead of appreciative gazes, all Dustin received now were furious glares.
Hearsay sure was dangerous. In no time, Dustin found himself labeled guilty.
“Shut up!” Natasha yelled, infuriated. “Are you guys crazy? Dustin saved you, but instead of thanking him, you’re pointing your fingers at him? Unbelievable!”
“Natasha, this is a serious matter. I think we should look into this issue properly.” Trent suddenly spoke.
“I agree!” Jacob shouted abruptly. “I say we arrest and interrogate him for everyone’s safety!”
“Arrest him! Arrest him!” the Harmon family chanted agitatedly.
It was as if Dustin had suddenly turned into a criminal.
###Chapter 456 by Marina Vittori
Looking at all the hostile faces around him, Dustin smiled an imperceptible cold smile. They really didn’t know what was good for them. If he had known earlier, he wouldn’t have saved anyone. Now, he not only ended up failing to get into anyone’s good books but even brought trouble unto himself. How unlucky!
“Why so quiet, Dustin? Is it because you’re feeling too guilty, so you don’t dare to speak a word?” Quentin said aggressively. He looked as if he wanted to get to the bottom of things.
“You’ve already said everything there is to be said. What else can I say?” Dustin snorted and continued, “I saved your lives, but you keep insisting that I poisoned you and speaking so self–righteously. I’ve never met anyone as ungrateful as you bunch.”
“Humph! How dare you still defend yourself?!” Quentin’s gaze was icy as he said, “If you didn’t poison us, then why don’t you explain why you have the antidote?”
“That’s right! Why would you have the antidote?!” Everyone started demanding loudly. The incident was too much of a coincidence: it was difficult for people not to be suspicious.
“I’m a doctor, and I’m also proficient at medicine. Isn’t it normal for me to cure you guys from the poison?” Dustin said plainly.
“I can vouch that Dustin is indeed a very skillful doctor!” Natasha said firmly.
“Me too!” Ruth added. They believed firmly in Dustin’s medical skills and character.
“Fine, even if you’re a doctor and happened to have the antidote, then tell me why you didn’t get poisoned. Don’t tell me it’s because you have a strong immune system, so no poison can harm you,” Quentin demanded.
“You’re right. I am indeed immune to all poison,” Dustin said seriously. With his capabilities, common types of poison had no effect on him. Even the Deadly Slither’s poison, one of the most infamously lethal types of poison, only made him sleep for a while.
“Did you guys hear that? What a ridiculous excuse!” Quentin scoffed and said coldly, “Dustin, oh Dustin! You’re such a good liar. You’re also human like all of us, so what gave you the audacity to say that you’re immune to all poison?”
“Hmmph! Immune to poison? Sounds like bullshit to me!”
“I know, right? Only the person who poisoned us could come up with such a ridiculous excuse!”
“Don’t waste any more time on him. Hurry up and hold him down so we can interrogate him!”
The crowd flew into a furious uproar. They obviously did not believe Dustin.
“Dad, you’re the head of the family, hurry up and say something!” Seeing that the situation was going sideways, Natasha immediately turned to her father.

Hector frowned, not knowing what to say. Although he believed that Dustin was innocent, he couldn’t treat a threat to the whole family’s life lightly. Most importantly, there were still suspicions surrounding Dustin, which made it hard for him to decide.
Chapter 456
“Hector, let me handle this,” Trent said. “I’ve been in charge of the salety and security of the family all along. Since something like this has happened, I should carry out a thorough investigation regardless of whether Dustin is innocent.”
“Dad’s right! For the family’s safety, we should always be safe rather than sorry! Men, detain him!” Quentin commanded with a swift gesture of his hand.
“Yes, sir!” A group of the Harmon family’s guards stepped forward and surrounded Dustin. They had already drawn their swords.
“Stop!” Natasha shouted in anger. “If anyone dares to act rashly, don’t blame me for being ruthless!”
“Natasha, you have to look at the bigger picture,” Trent said sternly. “If Dustin is innocent, then I will surely clear his name. I will not condemn him.”
“What’s the difference between condemning him and arresting him in public?” Natasha said with a frown.
“I only require his cooperation in the investigation. I guarantee that I will not hurt him.”
“He’s right, Natasha. This is a very serious matter that warrants a thorough investigation. I’m afraid we’ll have to trouble Dustin a little this time.” Jessica said.
###Chapter 457 by Marina Vittori
“Why don’t you trouble yourself? I don’t care, but nobody touches Dustin today!” Natasha didn’t give in at all.
In her eyes, no one was more important than her man. Even if he was guilty, she would still defend him till the end, much less when he was being wronged right then.
“Nonsense!” Jacob’s temper flared, and he shouted, “How can a junior like you meddle with such an important family matter? Someone take Miss Harmon back to her room!”
“Yes, sir!” Mrs. Davys and the others dared not show any hesitation. They half dragged, and half persuaded Natasha out of the banquet hall.
Witnessing this scene, Dustin frowned. He had wanted to take action a few times already, but he had controlled himself. The Harmon family’s ways already ignited his anger.
“No one’s going to help you now, Rhys.” Quentin took two steps forward and gave a low laugh. “I already
asked you to leave earlier, but you just didn’t want to listen to me. Look where it’s gotten you now. You regret
it, don’t you?”
“I’m not the person who poisoned you,” Dustin tried to explain.
“Is that important? If I say that it’s you, then it’s you!” Quentin laughed coldly.
“So you’re condemning me on purpose?” Dustin asked with a frown. Being suspected was one thing, but being
condemned was another.
“So what if I am?” Quentin had on an amused expression. “Everyone needs an explanation anyway, and making you the culprit will please everybody! What’s the matter? You feel very wronged, don’t you? Very dissatisfied? But what can you do? In this world, power comes above everything else. A pariah from the lowest rungs of society like you deserves to be a scapegoat! Just accept your fate!” With that, he turned around and bellowed, “Lock him up and torture him till he owns up! If he dares to retaliate, then kill him at once!”
“Yes, sir!” Hearing his command, the Harmon family’s guards acted immediately.
“Get lost!” Dustin rocked his body, and a potent wave of energy sent countless guards flying.
“How dare you still resist? This just shows that you definitely have something to be guilty of! Guards, heed my command! Kill the culprit immediately!” Quentin laughed wickedly and gave the kill order. At once, a wave of elite guards surged into the banquet hall from all directions.
“Do you really want to take things to the extreme?” Dustin asked icily.
“Humph, anyone would kill a traitor like you! Kill him!” Quentin said pompously. The moment he said that, a figure flashed before him. Dustin’s arm shot out suddenly, and he gripped Quentin by the neck, lifting him into the air with just one hand. He looked like he was holding a dying fish.
“How dare you!”
“This is preposterous!”
Seeing what was happening, the Harmon family members all shouted in shock. Nobody thought Dustin would still dare to attack while he was already being surrounded.
1/2
Chapter 457
“You imbecile! Let go of my son now!” Hector shouted furiously. However, he dared not act rashly for fear that Quentin would get hurt.
“He is undoubtedly the culprit! We must not let him go!” The crowd went into a furious uproar when they saw Dustin attacking someone.
“Hahaha— Hey, kid! You’ve pissed everyone off. Nobody can save you now!” Quentin laughed mirthlessly and said confidently. “If you have common sense, let me go at once. I could still spare your life. But if you dare touch a hair on my head, I can promise I’ll make you die a painful death!”
“Really?” Dustin snorted and tightened his grip aggressively. With a loud snap, Quentin’s head lolled sideways. He died on the spot before he knew it!
###Chapter 458 by Marina Vittori
Seeing Quentin die such a sudden death, the crowd was frozen with fright. Their eyes protruded, and disbelief was written across their faces. They could never have imagined Dustin to be so daring as to kill someone over a mere misunderstanding. He was swift, brutal, and very vicious. He never even gave Quentin a chance to negotiate. Shouldn’t every hostage be given a chance to negotiate first? Where was the reason for killing someone straight away without saying anything first? He was so unpredictable.
“It’s over. It’s really over this time.” Ruth smacked her forehead and shut her eyes. Il Dustin was just a suspect before this, he was now a murderer, no matter what the truth was. From that moment on, Dustin was the Harmon family’s public enemy! After a short moment of silence, the crowd launched into uproar.
“How dare you kill someone with all of us watching! Today will be your last day!”
*Fuck! Is that idiot crazy? How could he be so bold as to kill a member of the Harmon family on their very own turf? He’s a lunatic!”
“Burning bridges with the Harmon family so openly? I’ve never seen someone so extreme.”
Because of Dustin’s actions, the entire family gathering turned into chaos. Some people were in shock, others were shouting furiously, and some even felt in awe of him.
“Imbecile! You imbecile!” Seeing his son’s body. Trent was so outraged that he vomited blood and collapsed onto the floor.
“How dare you kill my nephew! I’ll rip you to pieces!” After getting his senses back, Jacob bellowed furiously.” What are you guys waiting for? Kill him!”
“Stop! Everyone stop!” A feminine shout sounded out. It was Natasha running back after being dragged away earlier. She barged her way through the crowd and stood in front of Dustin, looking like she would defend him till the end.
“Natasha! What are you doing? You can’t possibly be defending that murderer!” Jacob shouted angrily.
“Natasha! Hurry up and move aside! That man has lost his mind!” Jessica yelled in panic.
“I already saw what happened just now. If you guys hadn’t pushed him to his limits. Dustin wouldn’t have made an impulsive mistake like that.” Natasha still attempted to defend him.
“This is absurd! He killed your cousin. Not only do you not blame him, but you’re even defending him. Are you even a part of the Harmon family?!” Jacob was beside himself with rage.
“That’s right! I think you’ve become blinded to be defending a murderer!”
“You really are in cahoots with him!”
Natasha’s attitude pissed off all the Harmons. She was a turncoat and a heartless traitor!
“Dustin! Quick, take me hostage! It’s the only way you can leave this place alive!” Natasha whispered. She
knew that saying anything else would be useless at that point, and the only way she could keep Dustin alive was to go with this underhanded plan.
1/2
Chapter 458
“It’s not that serious. Give me three minutes, and I can explain everything.” Dustin said with a slight smile. Natasha’s selfless protection warmed his heart.
“What’s there to explain? Quentin’s dead. Nobody will believe anything you say!” Natasha said anxiously. If she wasn’t worried that people would see through their act, theri she even wished she could hold a knife to her throat.
“As long as you believe me.” Dustin said calmly.
“What exactly are you up to?” Natasha asked with a frown. She really didn’t know how he could be so calm when the situation had already escalated to such a point.
###Chapter 459 by Marina Vittori
“Everybody. I know that all of you hate me, but please let me say a few words.” Dustin looked around and said loudly, “As long as you let me finish speaking, you can kill me ordo anything you please. I will not resist!”
“Hmmph! Are you still trying to make excuses till the very end?” Jacob demanded with a glare.
“I must say this regardless of whether you’ll believe me, but Quentin deserved to die. That’s because he is the real culprit who poisoned you!” Dustin dropped a bombshell.
“Bullshit!” Jacob snorted coldly. “Quentin is a Harmon. How could he poison members of his own family? I think you’re just framing him!”
“That’s right! If you’re going to make up a story, then at least make it believable. Who would believe you saying Quentin was the culprit?” Everyone scoffed and looked at Dustin with hostile gazes. If it wasn’t because Natasha was shielding him, they would have attacked him long ago.
“You say that Quentin is the culprit, but do you have evidence?” Hector, who had been silent till then, finally spoke up. He didn’t trust anyone, only the facts of the case.
“First off, I hold no grudges against the Harmon family, so I have no reason to poison you guys,” Dustin explained slowly. “Hence, all of you should be aware that the real culprit behind the scenes is the Dark Lord. However, not only did Quentin not blame the Dark Lord after being cured, but he kept suspecting me. He even used all sorts of reasons and excuses to condemn me and mislead everybody to make me the scapegoat. He deserves to pay with his life! That’s why I have reason to suspect that Quentin works for the Dark Lord! And because I saved everyone from the poison, he saw me as a pain in the ass that should be eliminated as soon as possible!”
Once he finished explaining, everybody became a lot more quiet. Some people were already mulling it over to determine if it was the truth. Everybody had their own version of a story, but after hearing Dustin out, they found it indeed a little strange.
“Humph! What a good talker!” Jacob’s expression was still icy. “He’s already dead anyway, so you can say whatever you want, can’t you?”
“Exactly! Do you think you can walk free by making up a story? Let me tell you that won’t be the case!” The members of the Harmon family were still treating Dustin with animosity, not trusting him at all.
“Words are useless. You must show us evidence!” Hector shouted.
“You want evidence, huh? Sure!” Dustin walked into the corner and picked up the incense burner that had been used to release the poisonous fumes. He explained, “The incense inside has a unique scent. It’s very long- lasting, and when it mixes with the poison, it makes it very hard to notice.”
“So what?” Jacob said impatiently.
“Take a sniff. Isn’t there an odd scent on Quentin? It smells almost exactly the same as the incense,” Dustin. said.
“Huh?” Jacob smelled the incense, then walked over to Quentin’s body and took a hard sniff. His expression changed instantly. Just like Dustin had said, the smell on Quentin was exactly the same as the incense in the
1/2
burner. “They smell the same!”
To determine the truth, many people from the crowd came forward to take a sniff and experienced a shocking revelation. “Humph! So what if they smell the same? What does it prove? It could merely be a coincidence!” Jacob said coldly.
“Of course, the smell cannot prove anything. Actually, what raised my suspicion was not the smell, but Quentin’s body.” After a pause, Dustin dropped another bombshell. “You might not believe me when I say this, but Quentin already died long ago. His body was only being controlled using witchcraft!”
The crowd flew into an uproar.
###Chapter 460 by Marina Vittori
“Outrageous! This is absolutely outrageous! All of us saw with our own eyes that Quentin was alive and well before you killed him. Yet you dare say that he was just a corpse? How absolutely ridiculous!” Jacob’s rage burned to a whole new level, and he wanted to rip Dustin apart.
“Hmmph! Do you take us for fools? What makes you think we would believe your bullshit?!”
“Exactly! You were the one who killed Quentin. We all witnessed it!”
The crowd was furious, and their suspicions towards Dustin grew even stronger. How dare he deny killing Someone and even use such a ludicrous excuse to clear his name? Did he think they were three–year–olds?
“Young
ng man, do you know what you’re talking about?” Hector said with a frown. He had tried to give Dustin a chance to explain himself, but his words only grew more outrageous.
“I know you guys don’t believe me, but I have proof.” Dustin walked to Quentin’s corpse and ripped Quentin’s
clothes off, exposing patches of red lines to the crowd. “Do you see this? This is corpse plaque!” Dustin shocked everybody again.
“Corpse plaque?!” Everybody looked at each other skeptically at hearing those words. On the one hand, they
were taken aback by what Dustin said. On the other hand, they were skeptical about whether the corpse
plaque was real.
“Hmmph! Is it corpse plaque just because you say so? What if those are just normal bruises?” Jacob said with
a frown, still in disbelief.
“I — I can prove that it is really corpse plaque!” At that moment, a bespectacled man suddenly stepped
forward and said with a shocked expression, “I used to be a doctor, and I’m very familiar with corpse plaque. What’s more, judging by the corpse plaque on his body, Quentin has been dead for at least twelve hours!” The
moment he said that, everyone’s expression changed.
“How could that be?! Quentin was still up and about just now. We all saw it clearly!”
“That’s right! There are so many witnesses. How could it have been a sham?!”
Besides being shocked, many people were skeptical because this revelation was hard to accept. “I was also
wondering how a living person could have such serious corpse plaque on his body,” the bespectacled man
said in astonishment.
“Dustin, what’s going on?” Natasha asked in confusion. She also couldn’t believe that the Quentin she had
seen earlier was actually a dead body.
“I already said that Quentin was already dead, but somebody was controlling his body with witchcraft.” Dustin
continued explaining. “I believe you guys must have heard of the rumors of corpse possession in Iden. This is
similar to corpse possession, but the technique of it is far more refined.”
“That’s nonsense! How could dark magic like corpse possession exist in this world?!” Jacob demanded.
“If you haven’t seen something before, it doesn’t mean it doesn’t exist. There are endless branches of the
mystic arts that are very strange. Corpse possession is nothing in comparison,” Dustin said plainly.
Chapter 460
“Hmmph! You can’t solve the case merely based on corpse plaque!” Jacob said stubbornly. As a warrior, he
only believed in his own fists.
“You really don’t believe anything I say, huh? Fine, since you still doubt me, then I’ll enlighten you today.”
Dustin suddenly pulled out a silver needle and stabbed it into the space between Quentin’s eyebrows! A rumbling sound filled the air. A little while after he plunged the needle, Quentin’s body suddenly started
convulsing.
Then, black blood started flowing uncontrollably from his eyes, ears, nose, and mouth. After a few heaves of Quentin’s chest, little black snakes started slithering out from every orifice of the corpse.
“Snakes! They’re snakes!”
Witnessing this scene, the crowd lost their composure and retreated in fright. Anyone would get goosebumps
just by imagining snakes slithering out from a person’s head.
“How could this be?”
###Chapter 461 by Marina Vittori
Jacob was stunned and he couldn’t really believe his eyes. It was his first time witnessing such a strange incident.
“The Dark Lord! It must be the Dark Lord’s doing!” some members of the Harmon family started shouting. From time to time before this, some Harmon family members would die sudden deaths, but none of them had been as terrifying as this incident.
“How very brutal!” Hector frowned deeply, looking distressed. Someone had killed Quentin first, then controlled his body with witchcraft to poison the whole Harmon family. These tactics were not just cunning but vicious. Nobody other than the Dark Lord could be capable of it.
“I’m sure you guys believe my words now?” Dustin said at the perfect timing.
T-
“I-..” Jacob was hesitant to speak. Although it was hard to accept, the facts were laid before him, and he had no choice but to believe it.
“Dad! The truth is out. Won’t you ask your men to fall back?” Natasha said.
“Fall back.” Hector gestured with his hand for the guards to retreat.
“Hector! He is my only son. He can’t just die for nothing!” Trent wailed. He was sitting collapsed on the floor.
“Jacob! This incident has nothing to do with Dustin. Our hatred should be directed at the Dark Lord!” Hector said grimly.
“But “Trent opened his mouth, but he didn’t know what to say. He couldn’t bring himself to accept this revelation.
“Trent, don’t worry. Quentin’s death will not be in vain. We will find the Dark Lord and avenge Quentin!” Hector promised.
“Ahh… my poor son!” Trent sobbed sorrowfully.
Hector sighed and patted him on the back in consolation. Then, he turned to look at Dustin and asked the question everybody was curious about. “How could you tell?”
“I already realized that something was off since yesterday, but I couldn’t be sure. Only when I got close to Quentin today did I realize that his face was deathly pale, and his limbs were stiff. There was even a smell of rot on him. Although the incense covered the smell of rot, I still managed to notice. Of course, I did not act rashly. The main question I had to find the answer to was who was controlling Quentin’s body and what this person’s motive is,” Dustin explained.
“Then have you found out?” Hector asked.
Dustin nodded and said, “Of course, I’ve already found out who the perpetrator is.”
“Who is it?” Hector narrowed his eyes and clenched his fists subconsciously.
“This person is so near yet so far.” Dustin looked around and pointed at a pretty young woman beside Trent.” It’s her!”
1/2
“Huh?” Everybody looked in the direction he was pointing in and immediately frowned.
“Me?” The young woman was stunned. “Bullshit! You speak nothing but nonsense!”
After a moment of shock, Trent got worked up. “You idiot! You just murdered my son, and now you’re slandering my wife? What are you trying to do?!”
“Dustin, do you know that she is my sister–in–law?” Hector asked with a frown.
“Of course I do,” Dustin said calmly. “Not only is she your sister–in–law, but also the perpetrator of this incident. She is the mastermind behind controlling Quentin’s corpse!”
###Chapter 462 by Marina Vittori
“The mastermind?” Everyone’s gaze fell on the beautiful lady when they heard that. Had he said that at any other time, none of them would have believed him. In fact, they might even have brushed it off as a lie. But after everything that had happened, they had no choice but to consider his words seriously. After all, they had just witnessed a corpse moving around with such vitality. At this point, nothing seemed impossible anymore.
“Hey, miracle doctor, I haven’t crossed you before this, have I? Why are you setting me up?” The beautiful lady frowned with a troubled expression.
“Dustin, you better not be accusing others without solid proof!” Hector warned him gravely. His brother had just experienced the pain of losing his son, and now, his wife was accused of being the perpetrator. This was no doubt rubbing salt in his wound.
“That’s right! What proof have you got to claim that our sister–in–law has anything to do with this?” Jacob demanded loudly.
“I must have a certain level of confidence to accuse someone of something so severe.” Dustin gazed pointedly at the woman and said, “Quentin’s body has a unique scent on it. And she has the same smell on her, only much stronger. If you don’t believe me, go ahead and catch a whiff.”
A few of the ladies who stood close to the woman went closer and sniffed the air around her. Immediately.
they nodded. “He’s right! She does have a special scent on her, and it’s the same scent on Quentin’s body!”
Everyone’s expression changed when they heard that, and their look on the woman turned wary.
“I’ve always been using fragrances that I formulate myself, and Quentin’s my son! What’s so strange about my scent rubbing off on him?” She tried her best to explain the situation.
“The scent is just a point of suspicion. It isn’t solid evidence, and it doesn’t prove anything.” Hector shook his head. It didn’t make sense to pin the blame on someone based on a scent.
“Of course, that isn’t all.” Dustin approached the woman and circled her as he continued, “People who are well- versed in the mystic arts usually have something different about them because they feed the venomous insects that they breed with their blood. With time, some changes will happen to their body.”
“What changes?” Hector probed.
“Ordinary people have crimson red blood, but people who practice the mystic arts will have blood which is black and acutely poisonous. All you need to do now is to check her blood, and the truth shall be uncovered.” Dustin stated nonchalantly.
*Nonsense!” The woman shouted. “What do you mean you’re going to check my blood? That’s ridiculous!”
“Celeste, it’d be best to run a test to prove your innocence,” Hector persuaded.
“What? Do you really believe the rubbish he said?‘ Celeste asked, feeling wronged.
“This is a grave matter, Celeste. You should cooperate with us on this,” Jacob echoed.
1/2
Chapter 46
“Honey, they’re joining hands and putting me in a difficult position! Are you just going to watch as they treat me like this?” With tears in her eyes, Celeste turned to Trent for help.
“Jacob! Hector! I’m your elder brother! Are you not going to show me any respect? Trent roared. His son had just passed away, and now, they were turning on his wife. Of course he couldn’t take it.
“Trent! You’ve got to see the big picture here!” Hector said seriously. “If Celeste is innocent, I’ll make a public apology!”
“That’s right. Trent. This is a matter that affects the future of our family. We can’t risk it! Everyone can be at ease once we just run a quick test on her blood.” Jacob coaxed.
“Fine! From the looks of it, you’ve all been brainwashed by this rascal!” Trent spat through clenched jaws. Then, he furiously said. “Alright! If you insist on running a test on Celeste’s blood, then fine, we’ll do it. But if my wife turns out to be innocent. I’ll cut this brat’s tongue off!”
“Sure,” Dustin agreed.
“Honey, you know that the sight of blood makes me faint.” The woman shrunk back with a scared look.
“Don’t worry. It’ll be over before you know it. Once we prove your innocence, I’ll make sure he pays!” Trent said confidently.
“Check her blood.” With a wave of Hector’s hand, two women swiftly came forward and proceeded to take a blood sample from Celeste.
But right before they managed to do so, she sighed regrettably. “I never thought that I’d be exposed so soon! What a waste of my excellent acting skills.”
“What?” Trent, who stood by the side, was caught off guard.
###Chapter 463 by Marina Vittori
Before he could even wrap his head around what was going on, a sharp blade was already pressed up against his throat. The blade glistened with a dark sheen, obviously coated in poison. “Celeste, what are you doing?” Stunned by the sharp turn of events, Trent was at a loss at how to react. He had never thought that the day would come when his wife would threaten him with a blade against his neck.
“Stop calling me that. Your beloved Celeste died a few days ago.” The woman smiled.
“You’re not Celeste? Then who are you?” Trent’s expression was one of utter horror and confusion.
“The Dark Lord is my master. Who do you think I am? The sinister smile on her face remained unchanging.
“You’re the Dark Lord’s disciple?” Hector frowned. This was a grave matter. They had never expected the Dark Lord to plant a mole in the Harmon family disguised as one of them.
“So it is true that you’re the one who poisoned Quentin! Guards! Get her!” Jacob ordered without further ado.
“Stand right there!” The woman made a slight move with the blade and threatened. “This blade is coated with poison. Just the slightest scratch on him, and you’ll bid him goodbye forever. I suggest that none of you make any sudden moves.” Everyone in the room stopped in their tracks when they heard that.
“Let my brother go, and I’ll spare you!” Hector bellowed.
“Hah! Do you think I’d believed you?” The woman held Trent hostage and began inching backward toward the door. As she did so, she taunted, “You lot are in luck. My intention had been to wipe out all of you today. Who knew you’d be so lucky to have someone here to save you? None of you would have been able to survive otherwise.”
“Cut the crap! Let him go right this instant, or you won’t make it out of the door alive!” Jacob roared savagely.
“Do you bunch of dimwits think that you can stop me? Anyway, I’ve had my fun today. I’ll come back some other day to toy with you.” When she reached the exit, the woman suddenly turned to Dustin and smiled seductively at him. “Hey, miracle doctor, don’t you forget what you promised. When you have the time, come over to my room, and we’ll have a nice long chat, alright? See you again soon!” And with that, she produced a spherical and hurled it to the ground.
With a loud resounding boom, dense smoke burst out on the spot, clouding the visibility for a radius of several feet around them.
“Quick! Spread out! The gas might be poisonous!” Dustin warned at once. That gave everyone a fright, and they all dispersed promptly for fear of inhaling poisonous gas.
By the time the smoke cleared out, the woman was already gone. Trent was left behind, lying on the ground. unconscious.
“Trent!” Hector rushed forward to check on him. Fortunately. Trent was just unconscious and wasn’t harmed in any way.
“Get her!” Jacob was livid. Gathering his men, he was ready to go after her to take her down.
“Let her go!” Hector stopped them. He wouldn’t put it past the Dark Lord’s disciple to have several tricks up
Chapter 463
her sleeves. It might be dangerous for them to go after her and fall into her trap.
“Are we going to let her off just like that, Hector?” Jacob was peeved at the thought of her going free after all
she had done.
“Of course not. But now’s not the time for us to take action yet” Hector told him seriously. They were out there in the open while their opponents were in hiding. The situation was not beneficial to them, and besides, without proper plan and preparation, they would only be led on a wild goose chase.
“Damn it! The Dark Lord is really playing us for fools!” Jacob hissed.
“Let’s talk about this later. For now, have your men arrange to send our guests back safely. Our family gathering will end here.” Hector announced.
“Sure.” Jacob nodded and busied himself with the arrangements. Now that something like that had happened, there was no point in carrying on with the gathering anymore.
###Chapter 464 by Marina Vittori
With Hector and Jacob’s arrangements, all the guests in attendance at the Harmon family gathering gradually left, and the annual event came to a jarring end.
In order to prevent any other parties from taking advantage of the situation, Hector gave everyone firm instructions to keep what happened a secret and that under no circumstances was any information to be leaked.
When all the guests had left, about 100 of the Harmons stayed back. As part of the Harmon family, they understood that if anything were to happen to the family, they would be similarly implicated, so they were all in it together.
“We really appreciate your help in finding the culprit, Dustin. Had it not been for you, the Harmon family would have suffered a tremendous loss.” Hector patted Dustin on the shoulder with admiration in his eyes. It was rare to come by such a fine young man.
“Dad, Dustin saved our entire family. Surely you’re not just thanking him verbally?” Natasha prompted.
“Of course not.” Hector smiled. “Dustin, if there’s anything that you need, just name it. I’ll try my best to fulfill your wish,” “If you really mean it, Mr. Harmon, I’d like to request that you annul Natasha’s marriage alliance and let her have her freedom,” Dustin said earnestly.
“Well Hector frowned. A moment later, he shook his head. “I’m really grateful to you for saving my family.
but this is one thing I cannot promise you.”
“Why? Is it only because the Grants are able to help you defeat the Dark Lord?” Dustin questioned.
“It’s one thing to defeat the Dark Lord.” Hector sighed and continued helplessly. “The marriage alliance had been agreed upon a long time ago. If we suddenly decide to annul it, it would be akin to publicly disgracing the Grant family, and its repercussions would be beyond our imagination!”
There were three prominent families in South City. The Murrays had a military background, and with General Christopher Murray as head of the household, they were highly respected and had the military behind them. The Hill family, on the other hand, had their connections in the martial world. As someone who had been a master of the Balerno martial arts, Paul Hill had a myriad of disciples across the nation. His prestige in the martial world was unrivaled. As for the Grants, they had both military power and connections in the martial world. Their multifaceted development made them the family who thrived and flourished the most out of the three influential families. Their wealth of knowledge, experience, and resources, and how extremely well- informed they were about current affairs because of all their connections made them more formidable than the Dark Lord himself. He amounted to nothing when compared to the powers that the Grant family possessed.
Harmons stood a chance against the Dark Lord, but they were utterly helpless against the Grants. And that just was how things stood with the Harmons now. Annulling the marriage alliance was simply out of the question. They dared not even think about it.
“Say, Mr. Harmon, would it change things if it wasn’t the Harmons who decided to cancel the marriage but the
Grants instead?” Dustin asked cautiously.
1/2
“I know you’re holding out hope for that, but chances of that ever happening is about as close to zero.” Hector shook his head. “The reason why the Grants agreed to the marriage alliance was because they were Interested in our family’s potential in the business world so that they can bring their family’s status up to a whole new level with our support in the industry.”
“But would you agree to it if the Grants decided to annul the arrangement?” Dustin probed.
“If it really comes to that, I guess I’ll be forced to agree.” Hector chuckled.
“Dad! Mark your words!” Natasha broke out into a grin when she heard his words. “As long as Tyler Grant decides to annul the marriage arrangement, you must never force me into a marriage again!”
“What do you have in mind?” Hector felt uneasiness coming over him. This daughter of his always had the wildest ideas.
“Don’t you worry about that. All you’ve got to do is remember what you just said.” Natasha did not explain any further.
“You” Just as Hector was about to say something, Mrs. Davys came over.
“Mr. Harmon, the Grants are here to visit.” she reported.
“Hurry up and welcome them!” Without wasting any time, he personally went out to welcome them with the rest of the Harmons in tow.
Outside the gates, a large throng of smartly dressed people awaited.
###Chapter 465 by Marina Vittori
There were several luxurious cars and a whole lot of bodyguards standing guard behind them. It was a grand sight to behold as there were easily a hundred people gathering: A man and a woman stood right at the forefront.
The charismatic man had a tall physique that exuded a commanding presence, and his sharp eyes seemed to be able to see through everything. Every step he took gave out a strong air of danger and menace, as though he were the Grim Reaper himself making his way through a sea of bloody corpses. He stood out from the crowd and carried such an air of reverence. This was none other than the impressive Tyler Grant! And the lady beside him was Jayla Grant, whom Dustin had had a chance encounter with.
“Tyler, I’ve asked Natasha about her thoughts on this marriage alliance before. She seemed to have expressed that she did not wish to marry you,” Jayla said offhandedly.
“That’s not her choice to make. No matter what she says, I will get the woman I have my eyes on,” Tyler said domineeringly with such confidence.
“You’re right.” Jayla nodded in agreement. “It doesn’t matter what Natasha thinks. This is an alliance of two families. She’s just a woman. She has no right to say anything about it.”
“They’re here.” Tyler raised his head and gazed straight ahead.
The gates to the Harmon estate swung open, and Hector, along with the rest of the Harmons, swiftly came forward to welcome them. “Sorry to keep you waiting. Tyler. Come on in.” Hector politely beckoned for them to
enter.
Soon, they were all brought into the compound of the Harmon estate. As they made their way in, the Harmons stood to either side of them, showing their respect and sincerity.
“Bring us tea,” Hector instructed the household staff. Once they settled down in the lounge, all sorts of
refreshments were served. The Harmons demonstrated such courtesy and were as respectful as could be.
“Mr. Harmon, you should know that the purpose of our visit today is to send you the bride token,” Jayla started, and as she spoke, she gave a clap as a signal.
In no time, boxes upon boxes of gifts were brought to them. Upon opening the boxes, they found them to be full of priceless goods. Some were packed full of gold bars, some were full of accessories made of pure gold, and others carried jewelry of all sorts. There were over 20 boxes in total, and every one of them held goods of
priceless worth. It was truly astonishing.
“Mr. Harmon, will this be enough for the bride token?” Jayla asked with her chin proudly lifted, Tyler, however,
just sat by the side, sipping on his tea as though all of these were none of his business.
“Of course it is! We’re very pleased with the sincerity that the Grant family has shown us.” Hector nodded with
a smile.
“Great! Since you’re happy with this, we shall proceed with the marriage. We will come for the bride in 10 days! * Jayla cut things straight to the point.
“Sur-” Hector was just about to agree to the arrangement when the crisp voice of a woman sounded.
Chaply 465
“No, I do not agree to this!”
“What?” When they heard that, everyone’s gaze shot over to the entrance of the lounge.
With everyone’s eyes on her, Natasha slowly made her way into the lounge with several people behind her. “l do not agree to the marriage alliance.”
“You do not agree?” Jayla’s expression darkened. “Have you any idea what you’re saying, Natasha?”
“Of course I have. And I stand by my words: I will not marry Tyler Grant,” Natasha said impassively.
“What is the meaning of this. Mr. Harmon? Are you going back on our arrangement?” Tyler slowly looked up. his sharp gaze directed pointedly at Hector. “Have you ever considered the repercussions of your actions?”
###Chapter 466 by Marina Vittori
The Harmons couldn’t help but shudder when Tyler’s gaze swept over them. An uncontrollable fear seemed to come over them. Though he spoke calmly without any emotions, his gaze alone was enough to instill fear in them. For a moment, they felt like they were all prey to a monstrous beast.
“Do not be mistaken, Tyler. She doesn’t mean that.” As Hector said that, he shot Nataha a glare. “Stop
messing around. Go back to your room right this instant!”
“Natasha, this marriage alliance is an arrangement between two families! This isn’t child’s play! You mustn’t act recklessly!” Frightened, Jessica stepped forward to warn Natasha. It was one thing for her to speak. impulsively in front of Jayla. But now that Tyler was here, things would get out of hand if she still insisted on saying such things.
“I’m not messing around, nor am I acting recklessly.” Natasha stood her ground. “I know you’re an exceptional person, Tyler, but matters of the heart cannot be forced. Nothing good will come of this. I hope that you can cancel the arrangement.” The Harmons were in no position to annul the marriage arrangement, but the same could not be said for the Grants.
“You want me to cancel the marriage arrangement? And why should I do that?” Tyler asked, aloof.
“As I said, we’re not compatible. It will not bring us any good if we get married just for the sake of getting married,” Natasha said with certainty.
“I don’t care.” Tyler took another sip of his tea before he continued indifferently, “Since we had an arrangement, then you’re going to follow through with it, or you’re going back on your words.”
“Can you please be reasonable?* Natasha frowned. “I already have someone that I like. You and I, it’s not going to work out for us!”
“Oh? And who is that person that you like?” Tyler demanded.
“It’s him!” Natasha dragged Dustin out from behind her.
“You?” Jayla’s brows furrowed when she had a good look at Dustin. She never expected to bump into that annoying person here.
“What? Do you know hirn?” Tyler shot Jayla a side–long glance.
“Tyler, he’s the one who fought with me over the flower of Crimson Gem!” Jayla hissed.
“Oh.” Tyler wasn’t too fazed.
“Do you see now, Tyler? This is the man I like. We have mutual feelings for each other, so I hope you’ll give us your blessings,” Natasha said.
“Mutual feelings? Tyler chuckled menacingly. “You’re mine, Natasha. Nobody can take you away from me. If you refuse to marry me, I’ll kill him. You get me?” His words were straight to the point, and he did not even bother to mask his threats.
“How dare you!” Natasha was furious.
Chapter 66
“There’s nothing much I daren’t do,” Tyler stated matter–of–factly.
“Tyler, if it’s an alliance with the Harmons that you’re after, you have a myriad of other options! Why are you so intent on marrying me when there are so many other eligible young ladies in the Harmon family?‘ Natasha drew a deep breath and announced gravely, “Since this is what things have come to. I’ll come clean. I am no longer a virgin. I have slept with Dustin.”
“What? You ve slept with him?” Chaos broke out when they heard what Natasha said. The Harmons all stared at her wide–eyed in disbelief. The Grants, on the other hand, were equal parts horrified and infuriated.
“Natasha! What nonsense are you spouting? Are you out of your mind?” Jessica was so shocked she broke out in cold sweat. It was a disgrace to the Harmons‘ reputation for Natasha to lose her virginity before marriage. Besides, it was also blatant humiliation toward the Grants.
“You wretched girl! What nerves you’ve got!” Hector was beside himself with fury. The Harmons had strict rules, especially toward their daughters, who were expected to preserve their innocence until the day they were married.
###Chapter 467 by Marina Vittori
“Natasha Harmon, you are shameless! Absolutely vile!” Jayla was so angry she slammed her hands on the table and jumped up from her seat. With her brother’s status and prestige, he was never going to marry a woman who had slept with someone else.
“Are you trying to provoke me?” Tyler’s brow knitted together ever so slightly. A brief second later, he regained his composure and put on a facade of indifference. “I do not mind that you’ve lost your virginity.”
“What?” Once again, everyone was shocked by what they heard, especially the Grants. It was like they did not even know Tyler anymore.
“You do not mind that I’m no longer a virgin? Well, what if I told you that I’m with child?” Natasha tossed him another shocker. “Truth be told, I’m pregnant. I’m carrying Dustin’s child!”
The moment she said that, a commotion came over the room.
“Oh, you wretched child! How terrible!”
“Oh, Natasha! You’ve brought disgrace upon the entire Harmon family!”
“How can you agree to a marriage alliance when you’re already pregnant with a brat? How utterly shameless!”
From the Harmons to the Grants, everyone was admonishing and chastising Natasha for what she had done. Some of her close relatives were so furious that they didn’t even know what to say.
Even Dustin himself was surprised to hear that. Was this the trump card that Natasha claimed to have? Wasn’t it too much? It didn’t seem like the best idea out there. She had totally destroyed her reputation just to get out of the marriage arrangement. He had to admit that he was impressed by this trick she pulled, but he couldn’t help feeling bad for her. He could already imagine the mean words and criticism that would be thrown
her way from now on.
“Natasha Harmon! I’ve shown you enough patience and tolerance, but this is too much! You’re pushing my boundaries!” Tyler slowly stood up with a dark expression. No matter how composed he usually was, he could
no longer stay calm now.
*The blame is on me, and for that, I am sorry. If you need any form of compensation, just let me know.”
Natasha said.
“Compensation?” Tyler scoffed. “Do you think you’re being smart by pulling something like this? That everything will go your way because of what you said?”
“What do you mean?” Uneasiness crept up over Natasha.
“If there’s one thing I hate the most, Natasha, it’s being lied to. You better pray that I don’t ever find out that your pregnancy is a sham or who knows what I’ll do to you. Also, you won’t be getting what you wished for. I will not call off the marriage. I stand by what I said. You’re mine, and nobody’s ever going to change that. It doesn’t matter whether or not you’re pregnant, and it doesn’t matter if you’re dead or alive. What’s mine will stay with me forever! I will be back for you in 10 days, and if you Harmons insist on rejecting the marriage. arrangement, I’ll take it that you choose to be enemies of the Grant family. As for what will come of that, I’m sure you’re more than aware. With that, Tyler turned and left, but his words left Natasha in a state of stupor,
Chapter 467
She did not expect Tyler to be so persistent even when things had turned out the way they had.
“Count yourself lucky that my brother is still willing to accept you, Natasha! But I have you know, people like you will never have an easy time in the Grant household!” Jayla followed in Tyler’s footsteps after she hissed
meanly.
“Oh, Natasha! What’s gotten into you?” Jessica was so upset that she was just short of pulling her hair out.” You’ve just managed to ruin what was supposed to be a perfect marriage! It was foolish of you to pull something so absurd!”
“Natasha, Tyler isn’t an average person. You’ll never fool him with your pregnancy deception. I’m afraid that you’ve gotten yourself into some deep trouble!” Hector sighed. The only reason he had gone along with the act was because he bore hopes of freeing her from the marriage arrangement, but who would have thought that Tyler didn’t buy it at all? And not only so, he did not seem to have any intention of calling off the marriage at all!
*There must be some other way… Natasha’s brow was deeply furrowed as she cracked her head thinking of a way out of her predicament. The way things had played out was beyond her expectations, and she was in a dilemma right now.
“Dustin, hurry. You should get out of Millsburg pronto! Knowing Tyler, he’d never let you off the hook!” Hector was suddenly reminded of the danger Dustin was in.
“Don’t you worry, Mr. Harmon. Tyler won’t be able to mess with me so easily.” Dustin smiled and continued, Oh, and leave the matter of calling off the marriage to me. If persuasion doesn’t work on him, then we’ll try more aggressive means.
###Chapter 468 by Marina Vittori
“More aggressive means?” Hector and the rest of the Harmons were taken aback by Dustin’s suggestion, and they all stared at him like he had gone out of his mind. He wanted to use more aggressive means against the Grants? Did he have a death wish?
“Dustin, if you have a death wish, that’s all on you. Please do not implicate us!” Jessica said sternly with a frown. From how she saw it, her daughter’s rebellion and her publicly calling off the marriage were all because of Dustin, so she harbored some form off resentment toward him.
“Tyler Grant isn’t an ordinary person. He has the smarts and the brawns, he’s courageous and witty, and most importantly, he’s got military ranks. It would be arduous to make him back off.” Hector shook his head.
“Every man has his weaknesses. As long as I grab hold of his weakness, I’ll be able to turn the tables. We’ve got 10 days left. I’ll make sure that I smoothen everything out nicely.” Dustin promised with certainty.
“Act within your means, boy. Don’t push things, or you’ll bring doom upon yourself,” Hector warned him gravely. He was thankful to Dustin and did not wish to see him putting himself at risk.
“Rest assured, Mr. Harmon. I know what I’m doing.” Dustin nodded.
“Dustin, why don’t you stay at the Harmon villa for the next few days? I don’t think that Tyler would do anything over the top on our turl,” Natasha suggested.
“No!” Natasha’s suggestion elicited an immediate rejection from Jessica. “It would make things immensely worse if the Grants were to find out that Dustin is staying here!”
“Well things have already fallen apart between us. Will this make any difference?” Natasha raised a brow.
“The situation as of now is still salvageable, but if you continue provoking Tyler, then you’re putting us all in grave danger!” Jessica said sternly. With the power and authority the Grants possessed, they had infinite ways of making the Harmons‘ lives a living hell.
“Mrs. Harmon’s right. Now’s not the time to be making enemies. It’d be best for us to keep a low profile for the next few days.” Dustin nodded in agreement. It went without saying that he did not fear the Grants, but that did not mean that the Harmons did not fear them too.
“What if Tyler wants to kill you?” Natasha frowned.
“Well, that’d be a wish come true! I haven’t had the chance to loosen up for the longest time! I’d welcome a punching bag.” Dustin chuckled.
“Hey! I’m being serious here! This is a grave matter!” Natasha chided hullily. The Grants weren’t part of the martial world, so they weren’t bound by all the rules of the martial world. They had no qualms about killing
someone off.
“Don’t worry about me. Stay home and wait for my good news!” Dustin soon left after setting Natasha at ease.
Things weren’t looking good for the Harmons. On the one hand, they had to deal with the Dark Lord, and on the other, the Grants. One was hiding, and the other was up on the surface. Neither one of them was easy to deal with. It would be a challenge for him to deal with both of them alone. He had to come up with a perfect
strategy to settle everything.
1/2
Chapter 468
“Did I really act too impulsively today, Dad?” Natasha let out a sigh as she watched Dustin walk away. She had thought that she could anger Tyler into canceling the arrangement, but it turned out that not only did her plan not work, but she had also planted Dustin in a precarious position. She was sure Tyler would find all sorts of ways to make life difficult for him.
“You were pretty rash Indeed, but what’s happened has happened. There’s no point dwelling on it any further. We’d be better off thinking about how to deal with it.” Hector said thoughtfully.
“Why don’t we go to Grandpa?” Natasha asked warily.
“Why should we go to him? We, Harmons, do not need his help!” Hector’s expression turned cold. The usually calm and collected man suddenly lost his cool as though she had brought up something sensitive which should not have been mentioned.
Natasha dared not speak anymore when she saw how agitated her father was. Standing by the side, Jessica sighed when she heard the conversation between them. It seemed almost impossible to bridge the gap
between the two families.
At the same time, over in the backseat of a luxurious car.
###Chapter 469 by Marina Vittori
Tyler leaned back into the seat. Even as he took a rest with his eyes closed, he exuded an air of danger.
“Tyler! That wretched girl Natasha is really too much! We need to bring her into line!” Jayla sat beside Tyler, still indignant over Natasha’s words. Her brother was such a remarkable person who was outstanding in every aspect. Natasha should have counted her blessings and thanked every deity she knew that he even wanted to marry her! But not only did she not appreciate him, she dared to call off the marriage alliance in front of such a crowd. This was humiliation through and through!
“Say something. Tyler! That bitch cheated on you! Are you really not pissed off by that?” Jayla was even more disgruntled by Tyler’s silence. His fiancée had cheated on him with another man and even got herself pregnant! This was something that would never sit well with any man!
“There’s no point getting all worked up.” Tyler said with indifference. “I am not marrying Natasha because I like her. I only have my eyes on the potential she holds, so it matters not to me whether or not she’s pregnant.”
“Surely you can’t be serious, Tyler! She cheated on you! Does that not matter to you?” Jayla thought that her ears were playing tricks on her.
“I am only interested in results. I don’t care what means it takes to achieve the results I’m after. I will marry Natasha, and that’s final. Whoever dares stop me from getting what I want, Ill see to it that they die.” Tyler’s
tone remained as detached as ever.
“You’ve changed, Tyler,” Jayla said as she shrunk back into her seat. She’d been away from her brother for two years, and she was starting to find that he was getting increasingly unfeeling. A man who was unaffected by
being cheated on by his fiancée. He truly seemed quite terrifying to her now.
“What do you know about the man who was with Natasha, Jayla?” Tyler changed the topic.
“He’s Dustin Rhys, a medical practitioner. He lucked out and got a flower of Crimson Gem at an auction not
too long ago. We had a little argument over that.” Jayla told Tyler all that she knew about Dustin. After her
disagreement with him back then, she ran a thorough check on him, but she found nothing out of the ordinary.
“The flower of Crimson Gem is quite valuable. I want it,” Tyler said nonchalantly. “Get some of our men to
retrieve it, and get rid of the scumbag while they’re at it.”
“Sure thing!” Jayla’s eyes lit up instantly. She had been planning to exact revenge on him for the longest time.
Now that she had her brother’s support, she was sure she’d get things to go her way.
On Dustin’s way back, his phone rang. He took his phone out to see that it was a call from Dahlia.
“Dustin, where have you been for the past few days? I haven’t heard from you for quite some time. I went to the
medical center to see you, but Maximus said you’ve gone missing for several days.”
“Oh, I’ve got some matters to attend to in Millsburg. I won’t be back so soon,” Dustin explained.
“Is that so? What a nice coincidence! I’m in Millsburg too! I just got off the train. I called to bid you goodbye, didn’t expect you’d get here before I did!” Dahlia sounded surprised.
Chapter 469
“What are you doing here in Millsburg? Dustin was taken aback.
“The Nicholson family’s business, Cardinal Group, is located here in Millsburg, so I’ve come to take over the position of chairperson,” Dahlia told him.
“I see.” Upon giving it more thought, it made sense for the company to be in Millsburg. After all, many elites were gathered here in Millsburg, so many huge corporations and enterprises chose to establish their presence.
and operations here.
“Shall we have lunch together? There’s something I’d like to discuss with you,” Dahlia invited.
“Sure. Where are we having lunch?”
“Spices Diner.”
“Alright. I’ll be there in a bit.” Dustin ended the call and told the chauffeur to head straight to Spices Diner.
###Chapter 470 by Marina Vittori
Over at Spices Diner, Florence sat in a booth and took in the sight around her, occasionally commenting on what she saw. “Look, Dahlia. Things are so different here in Millsburg. Every other diner here looks so posh! I’ve decided! I’ll stay here in Millsburg for good! This is such a huge and advanced city! Everything’s so convenient here, and it’s way better than stuffy old Swinton!”
There was nothing much Dahlia could do but listen helplessly. She had planned on coming to Millsburg to assume her position alone, but Florence and James insisted on tagging along. They claimed that they didn’t want her coming to Millsburg alone with no one to rely on and that they’d be more at ease knowing that they’d be able to help her and take care of her.
“Mom, does Aunt Victoria live nearby?” James suddenly asked out of nowhere.
“She does! And I’ve invited her to join us for lunch. She should be here by now.” Florence nodded.
As they spoke, a group of three came in through the door, led by a glamorously dressed middle–aged woman. She was adorned from head to toe in gold, from gold necklaces to gold earrings and rings. She appeared every part a wealthy woman, and she was none other than Florence’s sister, Victoria Franklin. Following behind her were Julie and an attractive young man.
“You’re here, Victoria! Quick, have a seat!” Florence immediately stood up and welcomed them enthusiastically when she saw them coming in through the door.
“Florence, why have you decided to visit Millsburg? Victoria eyed her from head to toe, deliberately showing off her gold bangles and the thick gold rings on her fingers as she spoke.
“Dahlia’s running a company here in Millsburg, so we followed her here.” Florence chuckled. Then, it finally registered with her how flashily Victoria had dressed up. “Hey, have you hit the jackpot? Where’d you get all your jewelry from?”
“Haha! These are nothing! I’ve got loads more at home!” Victoria smiled smugly. “I have to say, I’ve got quite an accomplished daughter. She recently made a hundred million dollars, so she got me some jewelry.”
“What? A hundred million dollars?” Florence’s eyes widened in disbelief. “Julie, since when were you so capable?” Dahlia had toiled and suffered for three whole years to start up Quine Group, and even she did not
have a hundred million in cash. Julie had struck il rich indeed!
“Oh, Aunt Florence, have you forgotten I graduated from a prestigious university? I’ve always been capable! You just don’t know it.” Julie hugged her arms arrogantly. She had returned to Millsburg and enjoyed all of
life’s pleasure after selling off Florence’s sapphire.
“I guess I never found out.” Florence shot her an awkward smile.
“Florence, how long does it take for Dahlia to make a hundred million dollars? A year or two? Well, Julie did it in three days!” Victoria announced proudly.
“Three days? You wouldn’t get rich so soon even if you robbed a bank!” James had his doubts.
“Oh, you have such a limited worldview,” Julie made a disdainful face.
“Victoria, who’s this with you?” Florence’s gaze stopped on the charming young man who stood beside Julie.
“Oh, this is my daughter’s boyfriend. He’s Terrence Stone.” At the mention of Terrence, Victoria was even more chuffed up. “Terrence is a manager in Brooks Corporation. A fine young man with broad connections, he is. Oh, by the way, do you know Brooks Corporation? That’s a large enterprise worth several billion in market value!”
“Worth billions?” Florence was shocked to hear that. Cardinal Group was big enough of a deal for her. The prospect of a company with a value of up to billions was unimaginable. Was this the kind of grandeur that Millsburg had to offer?
###Chapter 471 by Marina Vittori
“I guess you can say that I have quite an influence here in Millsburg, so if any of you ever run into any problems here, you can come to me,” Terrence said as he handed out his name card. As he spoke, he shot Dahlia one too many glances. A hint of lust flashed in his eyes. Dahlia was, after all, a bombshell. Not only did she have a perfect figure, but her face was also exquisite. She was unlike any other woman he’d seen before and definitely in a much different league compared to Julie.
“Very impressive, Mr. Stone! Here, take a seat, everyone.” As Florence gestured for them to take their seats, she called out to the waitstaff, “Excuse me, we’re ready for our meal now!”
“Hang on,” Dahlia piped up. “We’re missing one person.”
“Oh? Who else are we expecting?” Florence looked around them, puzzled.
Just as Dahlia was about to speak, Dustin gracefully made his way in through the doors. “Over here!” Dahlia stood up and beckoned for Dustin to join them. Her company turned around to see who it was and collectively
frowned.
“Why is he here?” Florence was obviously displeased. Because of her prejudice toward him, she still held him
in disdain.
“Sorry to keep you all waiting.” Dustin went up to them and smiled politely.
“We weren’t waiting for you!” Florence said curtly. “You sure are a pesky one, Rhys! We’ve just arrived in Millsburg, and you’ve followed us here? You haven’t been tailing us, have you?”
“I think you’re mistaken. I’ve been in Millsburg for the past few days.” Dustin said calmly.
“Hah! Who knows if you knew that we’d be coming here beforehand?” Florence pursed her lips. Her daughter was now the chairwoman of Cardinal Group, and she’d had a huge leap in status. Dustin was nowhere good
enough for her anymore.
“Don’t say that, Mom. I was the one who invited Dustin for lunch,” Dahlia explained.
“Fine, whatever. Since you’re already here, you can join us.” Florence couldn’t be bothered to argue with him.
“Have a seat,” Dahlia patted the seat beside her, indicating Dustin to sit beside her.
Her caring and attentive gesture, however, seemed to have caught Terrence’s attention. A cold glint rose in his eyes. “Damn it! Why would such a gorgeous and thoughtful woman be attracted to such a douchebag?” He thought to himself.
“Buddy, you don’t sound like you’re local. Mind sharing where you’re working?” Terrence smiled insincerely.
“Where he’s working? Hah! He’s just a grubby old medical practitioner with no formal qualifications,” Florence scorned. From how she saw things, Dustin’s success today was all thanks to Natasha. Simply put, he was
nothing more than a toy boy.
“You practice medicine without qualifications?” Terrence was briefly stunned before he burst out laughing.” That’s a rare one. You’d barely be able to sustain yourself with such a job, would you? Things must be hard for you.” He was blatantly poking fun and regarded Dustin with a dismissive attitude.
1/2
“You’re right. It is tough. I barely get any patients. I’d call it a good month if I even get five patients coming in.” Dustin said, unbothered by Terrence’s comments.
“Hah! Then why are you still practicing it?” Terrence adjusted his tie and said pompously. “I say, why don’t you work for me? It just so happens that I’m in need of a chauffeur. If you can drive, why don’t you be my chauffeur? I’ll pay you a monthly salary of ten thousand dollars. How’s that?” “Thanks. I appreciate the offer, but I’m not interested.” Dustin shook his head.
###Chapter 472 by Marina Vittori
“My man, this is a pretty decent salary. You won’t get a better offer anywhere else! Il you do a good job, I might even give you a bonus!” Terrence jibed.
“You’re lucky that Terrence is offering you this position as his chauffeur, Dustin. You’ll regret it if you pass on this opportunity!” Julie said proudly,
“That’s right! Terrence is the manager of Brooks Corporation, and he has a bright future ahead. You’ll get a lot of extra perks working for him. What’s there to not like about it?” Victoria echoed.
“Is Brooks Corporation that big of a deal?” Dustin still wasn’t convinced.
“You don’t know Brooks Corporation? It’s a huge enterprise worth over hundreds of billions! You’ll live a life of luxury if you’re even the least bit affiliated with it!” Victoria scorned. He truly was a country bumpkin who knew
nothing.
“I’m sorry, I’ve never heard of it before.” Dustin shook his head yet again. He didn’t know much about the
business sector in Millsburg.
*Alright, so you’ve never heard of Brooks Corporation. But how about Big Bucks Brooks? Surely you’ve heard of
him? He’s renowned in the whole of Balerno!” Terrence smirked.
“Big Bucks Brooks?” Dustin raised his brows. “Of course, I know him.”
“Great. Well, Brooks Corporation is one of Big Bucks Brooks‘ businesses, and I work for him!” Terrence
declared self–importantly.
“Oh? So you work for Roderick? What coincidence!” Dustin chuckled.
“What do you mean? Do you know him?” Terrence’s eyes narrowed.
“Of course I do! He used to seek medical help from me!” Dustin nodded.
“Seek your help?” Terrence sniggered. “You’re quite a liar, aren’t you, my man? Have you even got any idea how influential Big Bucks Brooks is? How could he possibly go to an unqualified medical practitioner like you
for help?”
“Exactly! There are reputable doctors everywhere here in Millsburg! Why would he seek medical help from you, of all people, when he can go to them? Who do you think you are?” Julie said with contempt.
“Hey, Rhys! Quit acting all important when you haven’t even gone through proper medical training! How disgusting!” Florence frowned. Since Dahlia was the one who invited him over, she felt embarrassed now that
he was ousted as a liar.
“You don’t believe me? Well, how about I give Roderick a call now?” Dustin proposed.
“Sure! Go on, call him. I’d like to see for myself just how well–connected you are.” Terrence laughed maliciously. Even as manager of Brooks Corporation, he didn’t have Big Bucks Brooks‘ number. How could this punk be acquainted with him? How ridiculous!
“Yeah, go on! I’d be impressed if you actually got ahold of him!” Julle sneered.
“Okay.” Without wasting any time, Dustin pulled out his phone and made a call to Roderick Brooks. But after quite some time, the call still didn’t get through.
“What’s wrong? Is he not picking up? Haha! Well, carry on then, Terrence joked sarcastically. He was sure that Dustin was just putting on a show.
“Hey! Are you done yet? Everyone can tell that you’re taking it! Are you really going to carry on with the act?” Julie asked condescendingly.
“Hah! What an embarrassment!” Florence was very much annoyed.
“Forget it. Dustin. Let’s eat.” Dahlia saw that things weren’t going well for him, so she quickly attempted to help him out of the awkward situation. Everyone knew Big Bucks Brooks. He single–handedly controlled Millsburg’s economy, so he definitely wasn’t someone who just anyone could establish a connection with.
“It got through.” Just as everyone held Dustin contemptuously. Roderick finally picked up his call.
“Oh? The call got through? Here, let me hear what he has to say!” Terrence teased nastily and snatched the phone right out of Dustin’s hand before putting the call on speaker mode so that everyone could hear the conversation. “Hello, who is this? Are you Big Bucks Brooks? Hey, Mr. Brooks, I’d just like to know, are you planning on playing along with the act too?” he asked derisively.
“Hey, you’re not Mr. Rhys! Who are you?” Roderick asked.
“Me? Hahaha! I’m Terrence Stone, manager of Brooks Corporation! You’re pretending to be Roderick Brooks, aren’t you? Well, I’d like to see you try!” Terrence scoffed.
“Terrence Stone, right? Very well. I’ll remember you.”
###Chapter 473 by Marina Vittori
“So what? What can you do to me?” Terrence taunted, unaware of the impending trouble he had brought upon himself.
“I’m Roderick Brooks, and you work for me. What do you think I can do to you?” Roderick asked coldly.
“Still keeping up the act, I see. Do you think I’d really buy this crap you’re spouting?” Terrence snorted.
*Terrence Stone, I’m officially informing you that you have been fired by Brooks Corporation, effective today. You need not come to work tomorrow.” Roderick wasted no time in making the decision.
“Hahaha! You’re firing me? You’re something else, aren’t you!” Terrence gulfawed. “Truth be told, I have a powerful person backing me up in Brooks Corporation. Even Roderick Brooks is in no position to fire me, much less an impostor like you!”
“Is that so? Well, would you be so kind as to enlighten me who the person backing you up might be?” Roderick asked sternly. If someone like this was the manager, it was high time Brooks Corporation had a restructuring.
“You have no business finding out who the person is. All you need to know is that you’ll be sorry if you ever mess with me!‘ Terrence expressed conceitedly.
“How insolent!” Roderick huffed. “I don’t want to waste my time speaking to you. Pass the phone to Mr. Rhys!”
“What’s the matter? Can’t hold up the act any longer? You’re no fun.” Terrence then tossed the phone back to Dustin and ridiculed, “My man, this actor you found yourself is pretty incompetent at what he does! He lacks the necessary charisma. I say he needs to go back and brush up on his skills!”
“Actor?” Dustin stifled a laugh. “I wasn’t lying: he really is Roderick Brooks!”
“Heh! If he’s Roderick Brooks, then I’m Roderick Brooks‘ father!” Terrence said without giving it much thought.
Dustin simply found him amusing. Terrence was quite a stubborn one. Dustin had already reminded him multiple times that it was really Roderick Brooks he was speaking with, and yet he took no heed and continued to speak with such arrogance. He’d be in for a lough time when he went to work the next day.
“Mr. Rhys, do you know this person?” Roderick suppressed his anger.
“I don’t know him well. This is my first time meeting him,” Dustin said with a chuckle.
“That’s good to know.” Roderick heaved a sigh of relief. If Dustin were on close terms with Terrence, then he wouldn’t act rashly. But since they weren’t, he could handle things his way.
“Alright, Mr. Brooks, I’ll leave you to carry on with your day then. I’ll contact you some other time.” Dustin quickly ended the call. His intention had just been to give Terrence a warning so that he didn’t behave so arrogantly. Who’d have known that he was so foolhardy and went so far as to insult his boss like that?
“Your act’s been busted, my man. Is there any point keeping it going?” Terrence looked down his nose at Dustin, wearing a wise and discerning expression as if he had seen through Dustin’s lie.
“Hah! I think he’s the only one fooled by his act! Some people really know no shame! Julie shook her head, looking at Dustin like he was nothing but a clown.
“What’s the meaning of all this, Florence? How could you bring a scammer to our table? Are you insulting us?” Victoria was upsel.
“Dustin! Can you please cut your bullshit? Are you not ashamed of yourself? Because I am!” Florence shot daggers at him out of her eyes. Why did he have to act like he was all that when they were just having a meal? And what’s worse was that his lie got busted! It was downright embarrassing!
“There’s no point saying anything more. You’ll find out the truth tomorrow.” Dustin gave a faint smile, not bothering to explain further. He knew that no matter what he said, these people weren’t going to believe him.
“Quick! This is the place! I saw him go in!”
Right then, a commotion broke out at the door. They looked up and saw an obese man with a bunch of henchmen coming in menacingly. The person taking the lead was none other than Duncan Doyle, who had had a run–in with Dustin in a bar a few days back.
“Here he is!” Duncan’s eyes swept across the diner, and he quickly spotted Dustin. With his henchmen in tow. he stormed up to him.
###Chapter 474 by Marina Vittori
“That’s strange. Why are they headed our way? They look like they’re up to no good. They’re not here to give us trouble, are they?” Florence fidgeted anxiously in her seat.
“They’re here for me.” Dustin piped up.
“You? Have you offended someone again?” Dahlia frowned. She noticed that Dustin ran into quite a lot of trouble these days.
“I wouldn’t exactly say I offended him, per se. I simply beat him up to teach him a lesson on how to behave,” Dustin said calmly.
*This is not Swinton. There are influential people all around. There are some people that we simply cannot afford to cross!” Dahlia whispered. Though she was now chairwoman of Cardinal Group, the handover had yet to be completed, so she had neither funds, connections, nor experience. At this stage of her life, what she needed to do was to make more connections, keep a low profile, and stay out of trouble.
“Don’t you worry. Miss Dahlia. I’m here. I’ll make sure that nobody kicks up a fuss here.” Terrence shot her a confident smile, trying to portray the image of a savior. He’d never pass up the opportunity to flex his muscles in front of such a beautiful lady. Every man wanted to play the part of a hero saving the damsel in distress.
“Dahlia, Terrence has some very powerful people backing him up. With the connections he has, these rascals don’t stand a chance,” Julie said proudly as she hooked an arm around Terrence’s.
“Is that so? Then I’ll have to thank Terrence in advance.” Dahlia managed to force a smile on her face.
“Don’t mention it. It’s no big deal,” Terrence said with a wave of his hand as he beamed joyfully, thinking it’d
be effortless to deal with these thugs.
“You scoundrel! I’ve been searching high and low for you for the past two days! You can’t run away now!” Duncan advanced with a threatening smile on his face. His malicious gaze was fixed on Dustin.
“Why were you searching for me? Have you finally realized that you were wrong and were looking for me to apologize?” A hint of a smile tugged on Dustin’s lips.
“Apologize, my foot!” Duncan’s face fell as he roared. “Two days ago, you humiliated me and gave me three
slaps across the face. I swear I’ll chop your hands off today, you asshole!”
“Excuse me, sir, Please calm down. If Dustin has hurt you in any way at all, I’ll pay you for the damages he’s
done.” Dahlia stood to alleviate the tension.
Surprised that someone would stand up for Dustin, Duncan gave Dahlia a good look before his eyes lit up.
“Gorgeous! This lady is gorgeous Indeed!” he thought.
He’d set eyes on many beautiful ladies before, but this was something else. She was truly a rare beauty!
“Hey loser, is this your girlfriend? She’s quite hot.” Duncan stroked his chin as he leered at Dahlia with a smirk. ‘I’ll strike you a deal. If you let your girlfriend sleep with me for one night, I’ll let you off the hook for that ass move you pulled last time. How’s that?”
1/2
“You insolent bastard!” Before Dustin could say anything, Terrence slammed his list on the table and stood up. “Which sect do you belong to? Don’t you know that men’s disagreements should be settled between men? So keep the lady out of your dirty business!”
“And who are you to run your mouth here, you cad?” Duncan squinted at him.
“Hmph! I am Terrence Stone, manager of Brooks Corporation! If you know what’s good for you, you better scram, or I’ll make you regret the day you were born!” Terrence said with his hands behind his back, going for a look of superiority. Brooks Corporation was a giant in the Millsburg business industry and had enormous influence over the market, so Terrence was used to people backing off the moment he told them that he worked for Brocks Corporation. It worked like a charm.
“Manager of Brooks Corporation?” Duncan’s expression darkened when he heard that, and within a split second, he went up to Terrence and gave him a hard slap across the face. “Fuck you! How dare a measly manager behave so pompously? Do you have a death wish?”
###Chapter 475 by Marina Vittori
With a loud smack, Duncan’s hand made contact with Terrence’s cheek. The force was so strong that he staggered backward, nearly tripping over himself. The crimson outline of a palm blossomed on his face, clear for all to see.
Julie, along with the rest of them, were astonished by what they saw. It was beyond their expectation that these thugs would be so dauntless as to assault the manager of Brooks Corporation. Were they out of their minds?
“You– How dare you hit me!” Terrence held his cheek in his hand, gasping in disbelief. “Do you not know who I am? I am a managerial level in Brooks Corporation!”
“So what?” Without another word, Duncan gave him another hard slap. I’d probably be intimidated if Roderick Brooks himself were here. But a mere manager? Do you think I’d be afraid of you?”
“You scumbag! You’re done for, I’m telling you! How dare you hit me! I’ll make you pay if it’s the last thing I do! Beside himself with rage. Terrence pulled his phone out and was about to call for backup.
“Fuck you!” Duncan kicked Terrence to the ground and bellowed, “How dare you act so arrogantly when death is staring you in the face? Get him, boys! Give him a good beating and show him who’s boss! With his orders, his henchmen came forward and rained kicks and punches down on Terrence.
“Stop it! Stop this immediately, or I’m calling the cops! Julie shouted. These thugs were going to be in deep trouble for messing with Terrence!
“Call the cops? Yeah, you go ahead and try that, and you’ll be walking out of here with one arm less!” Duncan glared at her nastily. That did the trick and shut Julie up.
“You you you’re too much!” Victoria was so angry, but there was nothing she could do, and that added to her frustration. She was consumed by distress at the sight of her prospective son–in–law being beaten up.
“This is all your fault, Rhys! If it wasn’t for you, Terrence would never have been beaten up!” As usual Florence pinned the blame on Dustin. Bullying people that she thought were weaker than her was what she did best. “I’m not the one beating him up! What’s this got to do with me?” Dustin was speechless. After all, it was Terrence who wanted to be the hero of the day but ended up embarrassing himself.
“Hmph! Terrence was helping you, and you’re here making sarcastic comments. Are you even human?” Florence demanded furiously.
“Well, maybe I’m not. If you are, why don’t you go ahead and save him?” Dustin gestured in Terrence’s
direction.
“You-” Florence was rendered speechless. She would never dare to save Terrence because she feared that she would be implicated.
“Dustin, you fight well, Hurry! Go help him out!” Dahlia’s brow was lurrowed. Terrence had meant to help them, so she could not just stand there and watch him being assaulted without doing anything about it.
“Alright.” Since Dahlia was the one who asked, Dustin finally got up and gave several of the henchmen kicks that sent them flying. “You’ve had your fun, and your anger should have subsided. That’s enough,” he said
用
1/2
Chester +75
nonchalantly.
“You’re in deep shit yourself! How dare you concem yourself with other people’s business?” Duncan spat spitefully.
“Come straight at me if there’s anything you’re displeased about. Do you even call yourself a man if you bully the weak?” Dustin said calmly. Terrence, who was cowering on the ground, looked insulted when he heard. Dustin calling him weak. He had meant to flex his muscles and show off how powerful he was, but these thugs had no regard for his status whatsoever! And because of that, not only did he get beaten up, Dustin ended up walking away with the credit that was supposed to be his. This was humiliation unlike any other!
“Fine! I won’t attack him. I’ll attack you instead!” Duncan smiled viciously and beckoned for his men to go forward with a wave. “Mess him up! And go all out while you’re at it! I’ll bear the consequences!”
“Yes, sir!” The group of henchmen answered and charged up toward Dustin all at once.
At the sight of that. Dustin composedly picked up a handful of cutleries from the table and threw them straight ahead. As the whooshing sound halted, everyone saw that the forks and knives were half–buried in the henchmen’s thighs.
###Chapter 476 by Marina Vittori
“Ah!” There were a series of loud cries as the henchmen were caught off–guard, falling to the floor one after another and rolling around in pain.
In a blink of an eye, the floor was littered with people. Everyone had a fork or a knife lodged so deeply in their thighs that they couldn’t even pull it out. “What?” Duncan couldn’t help but be startled by the sight.
He had carefully handpicked these henchmen. All of them had gone through extensive training and were highly skilled. Typically speaking, a ten–against–one battle would have ended in an overwhelming but predictable victory on one side.
Yet, never in his dreams would he have expected that all of his men would have fallen just like that.
Were cutleries supposed to be this deadly?
“What? That bastard is this strong?” Victoria couldn’t help but be shell–shocked by how nonchalant Dustin looked. In her mind, Dustin was just an insignificant small fry.
How was he capable of that?
“Fuck! Turns out he’s had some training. Why didn’t he act sooner?” Terrence gritted his teeth, feeling the
soreness throughout his body. If Dustin had come to his rescue sooner, he wouldn’t have had to get beat up
for nothing!
Undoubtedly, that bastard just wanted to embarrass him!
“Rhys seems to be getting better and better at fighting.”
Florence and the rest were secretly stunned. Although they knew that Dustin was a decent fighter, seeing him
end a battle in a single second like that was shocking enough.
“You want to take revenge on me, but you only brought so few people? That may be a tall order.” Dustin stared into Duncan’s eyes and continued indifferently. “If you break one of your arms and promise never to appear in front of me again, I may consider letting you off this time.”
“Letting me off?” After a brief moment of surprise, Duncan burst into menacing laughter. “Punk, I’ll admit that you’ve got something in you, and just any henchman is no match for you. However, if you think that victory is in your hands, then you’re majorly mistaken!”
“Hmm, are you saying you have another trick up your sleeve?” A shadow of a smile crossed Dustin’s face.
“Of course!” Duncan said with confidence. “After all, I’m here for revenge, so of course I made preparations. You’re a good fighter, aren’t you? Well, I’ll bring out someone who is an even better fighter than you now!”
With that, he clapped his hands twice.
Suddenly, two men in tracksuits walked in. One was in his forties, while the other was in his early twenties. From the looks of it, they had to be father and son. Not only did their faces resemble each other’s, but they also had similar builds; both of them had burly figures sculpted from solid muscles, and veins popped through
1/2
Chapter 476
their skin like earthworms. They looked terrifying.
“Punk, do you know who they are?” Duncan said gleefully. “They’re the famous Sander father–son duo of the martial world, Cobalt and Flint Sander!”
“The Sander father–son duo?” When Terrence heard this, his expression immediately changed.
Others might not know it, but he knew very well how strong the Sanders were. The son, Flint, was already
ranked thirteenth on the Hundred Immortals. Meanwhile, the father, Cobalt, was ranked second!
What did being ranked second entail?
He was already far past the capabilities of the average person. He could smash rocks with his hands and feet.
Rumor had it that when Cobalt was at his peak, he had challenged 27 dojos in Millsburg in a row. Not to mention, he won every single time!
That alone was a testament to his immense power!
###Chapter 477 by Marina Vittori
Secing Cobalt and Flint stride in, shivers ran down Terrence’s spine. “Just who is this bastard? How did he manage to get the Sander father–son duo here?!”
These two were renowned top dogs in the martial world. Either one of them could take on a hundred
opponents at once. They rarely showed up for anyone; it was definitely no easy feat to have invited these two to a light.
“Terrence, who is the Sander father–son duo? Are they very powerful?” Julie asked from the side.
“Powerful? To the average person, these two are monsters! Especially the one named Cobalt–he’s an absolutely terrifying freak. He kills like it’s nothing. Countless people have died by their hands!” Terence said solemnly.
As one of the backbone members of the Brooks Corporation, he naturally knew a thing or two about the martial world.
“What? They’re that scary?!” Julie shrunk behind Terrence.
Although Florence and the others didn’t say anything, they maintained their distance, afraid that they might end up as collateral damage. They had no understanding of the world of martial arts, but from the aura that the Sanders radiated, they were clearly not good people.
They couldn’t get on the bad side of people like them, no matter what!
“Punk, if you cross the Sander father–son duo, you’re done for!” After the shock wore off. Terrence couldn’t help but laugh at Dustin’s fate.
Because of Dustin, he got beaten up for nothing, so he was mad. Not to mention, Dustin had stolen his thunder, which caused resentment to build within him. Now that Dustin was down on his luck, he almost couldn’t stop himself from clapping and cheering.
“You bastard, no matter how good you are at fighting, you’re nothing in front of the Sander father–son duo.” Duncan said mockingly.
“Are they very strong?” Dustin asked.
“What? You’ve never heard of the Sander father–son duo?” Duncan lifted a brow and added, “Fine. I’ll give you a grand introduction today. You’re going to lose so badly that you have no choice but to admit their superiority! The younger one is Flint, ranked thirteen on the Hundred Immortals. His father, Cobalt, is even more impressive. He’s now ranked second on the Hundred Immortals! Do you know what that means? Unless a divine–level martial arts expert appears, he’s unmatched! No matter how strong you are, you’re nothing in front of number two of the Hundred Immortals. You won’t even last a second!”
After listening to all that, Dustan remained unaffected. He grunted noncommittally and asked, “And?”
“And?” Duncan sneered. “Punk, you’re truly fearless! It’s expected for a small–town bumpkin to be so ignorant. But no worries. You’ll learn in a moment how strong the Sander father–son duo is!”
“Really?” Dustin smiled lightly. “I do want to broaden my horizons.”
Chapter 477
“Very well! I’ll grant you your wish!” Duncan regarded Dustin like he was on his deathbed. Then, he said to Cobalt, “Master Sander, I’ll leave this bastard in your hands. Don’t kill him yet; leave him alive for me to play
with.”
“Flint, go and meet him.” Cobalt wore a cool expression, standing there with his hands behind his back. He
had no intention of moving a muscle.
Naturally, the second–ranked of the Hundred Immortals had a matching ego. If he fought anyone and everyone. then he’d be devaluing himself.
In truth, he had zero interest in joining a battle of this level. However, he owed the Doyle family a favor, so he had to show up.
“I can solve any problem as long as I’m paid. Don’t blame me when I cripple you later,” Flint said, slowly approaching Dustin with blazing eyes. His muscular body was absolutely threatening.
“And I’ll say the same thing to you,” Dustin said.
“Great! I hope you’ll still be so mouthy later!” Flint smiled coldly. He tapped his foot lightly, and his entire figure shot into the air like an arrow leaving the bow.
As he got closer to Dustin, he drew his fist back before aiming it toward his abdomen. This punch carried a few tons of force: even a cow would be blown to smithereens, much less a human being.
Dustin didn’t attempt to dodge this blow. Instead, he answered it with his own list.
###Chapter 478 by Marina Vittori
However, comparatively, Dustin’s fist was much smaller than Flint’s. “You’re asking for it!” Flint snorted coldly. He exerted more force in his arm, his internal energy surging out from his body. There was a loud explosion as the two men’s fists collided with each other.
Dustin stood there without budging an inch. Cracks began forming beneath his feet. On the other hand, the moment their fists crashed into each other, Flint let out a grunt. He flew backward, slamming against the wall heavily, leaving a crater in his wake.
The arm that he used to throw the punch was dripping with blood, and his bones were shattered. He couldn’t move anymore. After two seconds, he finally couldn’t hold back anymore and coughed up a mouthful of blood. His body began to crumple slowly, sliding down the wall like wet mud.
“How is that possible?!” Duncan was stunned by what happened. Although Flint wasn’t as strong as Cobalt, he was still ranked thirteen on the Hundred Immortals. However, a figure as powerful as that had been sent flying from a single punch by Dustin.
Was that punk that strong?
“Hmm?” Seeing the severely injured Flint, Cobalt couldn’t help but frown. He thought his appearance would merely be a formality; he didn’t think he’d encounter a skilled fighter.
If he could defeat his son with one punch, then that man was not any weaker than him. He had to take this seriously now.
“Young man, you’re quite skilled. May I ask who your teacher is?”
To have such power at such a young age, he must be from a famous guild in the martial arts world. If this man were someone he couldn’t afford to piss off, then he’d be in trouble, so he’d better ask first.
“I do not belong to any guild,” Dustin answered indifferently.
“You don’t belong to any guild?” Cobalt’s eyes widened. If that was the case, then it was very scary. “Young man, I think you’re a talent. I don’t want to slaughter you, so if you apologize to Duncan today, I’ll let things go. How does that sound?” Cobalt said lightly.
As a veteran in the world of martial arts, he naturally had his own life philosophy. If he didn’t know his opponent’s background, he’d better not let things get ugly if he could avoid it.
“Master Sander, what are you saying? I want you to break his legs, not ask him for a simple apology!” Duncan frowned, upset.
“Are you telling me what to do?” Coball’s face turned icy. “Just because I owe you a small favor, I have to give my life for you?”
Duncan wore a dark expression, but he didn’t dare retort.
Cobalt turned back to Duncan. “Young man, what do you say?”
1/2
Chapter 478
“An apology is no problem, of course. However, he owes me an apology, not the other way around,” Dustin said with a slight smile.
“Huh?” Cobalt’s eyebrows wrinkled. “Young man, I’m already making a concession. Don’t take an inch and ask for a mile. You may come from an extraordinary background, but I’m no average Joe either. I’m sure you’ve heard of the Hill family, one of the Tremendous Three. I was formerly their family’s fighter!”
“The Hill family?” Dustin couldn’t disguise his surprise when he heard this.
“It seems like you know the power of the Hill family. In that case, let both parties take a step back and remain cordial. Or else, this serves no one any good,” Cobalt said.
“Since you were the Hill family’s fighter, I’m sure you recognize this,” Dustin said, taking out an emerald badge.
“The Consultant Badge?!‘ The moment Cobalt saw the badge, his expression changed. Then, under the shocked gazes of everyone, he fell to one knee, kneeling on the floor with a thud.
###Chapter 479 by Marina Vittori
“Lord Consultant, greetings! I am fighter Cobalt Sander!”
Under everyone’s gaze, Cobalt got on one knee and saluted Dustin with a face full of respect. He was the Hill family’s fighter, in other words, he was a high–ranking guard.
Meanwhile, a consultant was completely different–a consultant was second only to the master!
Everyone, no matter who, referred to him with the respectful address of “sir” or “lord.”
One could count on one hand the number of Consultant Badges the Hill family had given out. There were merely a handful of consultants, but each and every one of them was all–powerful figures!
If Dustin was able to get a Consultant Badge, then that was sufficient proof of his power and worth!
“Er
Everyone was shocked when Cobalt suddenly got on one knee. They were completely dumbstruck, their faces full of disbelief.
That was none other than the famous Master Sander, the second–ranked on the Hundred Immortals! People everywhere worshiped the ground he walked on.
Yet, a person of that caliber had actually knelt for Dustin.
What the fuck was going on?!
Terrence and Duncan were dumbfounded. Julie and the others looked at each other, shocked.
They had never expected that just by taking out a badge, Dustin could have scared someone into falling to their knees.
In truth, even Dustin hadn’t expected Cobalt to react this way. It seemed like the Hill family’s Consultant Badge was truly exceptional.
“M–Master Sander, what are you doing?” Duncan asked in shock. He even looked completely at a loss. He’d invited Cobalt to fight for him, not kneel for his enemy.
Ignoring Duncan’s words, Cobalt remained on one knee on the floor as he uttered a sincere apology. “My lord, forgive me for not recognizing you. I have offended you greatly earlier, but please do not take it to heart.”
At some point, sweat began to bead on his forehead.
The Hill family’s Consultant Badge didn’t just represent power but also a significant status. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that with just one word from a consultant, he could be made to disappear.
“It’s fine. You were just doing someone a favor. Since things didn’t sour further, then let’s just treat it as a misunderstanding.” Dustin said without a hint of aggressiveness. Cobalt’s behavior earlier had at least earned some of his respect.
“Thank you, my lord!” Cobalt said, looking overjoyed.
After expressing his gratitude, without any hesitation, he carried his son on his back and left.
Chapter 479
Although being ranked second on the Hundred Immortals seemed like an amazing feat, it actually didn’t count for nothing in front of a true master. After all, in a place like Millsburg, there were many hidden dragons and crouching tigers, and divine–level martial artists were a dime a dozen.
Seeing Cobalt flee, Duncan instantly panicked. “Master Sander? What’s going to happen to me if you leave?”
“What’s going to happen? You’re on your own!” Cobalt said, throwing a glance over his shoulder as though he was looking at a dead man. Even the Doyle family couldn’t afford to cross the Hill family’s consultant.
“What?” Duncan was flabbergasted.
He was on his own? What the fuck was he going to do?
Seeing that the tables had turned, Duncan spat fiercely, “Punk, this is not over! Just you wait!” and attempted to slink away.
“Hold right there. Did I say you could go?” Dustin said indifferently. “You come and go as you please. What do
you take me for?”
“Punk, I’ve already let you off the hook. What more do you want?” Duncan shouted, putting up a fierce front.
“Of course, I want to give you a lesson. As I said earlier, I want to break your arm. I can’t just eat my words.” Dustin picked up a fork and flung it casually.
###Chapter 480 by Marina Vittori
The fork whizzed through the air like an arrow leaving the bow and went straight through Duncan’s arm. “Ah!” he screamed, cold sweat pouring down his face. “Remember, if this happens again, I won’t stop at just an arm,” Dustin warned.
“You — you’re ballsy!” Duncan pressed his arm that was bleeding profusely, and ran for his life–his former moments of glory had now turned into a humiliating spectacle.
“Dustin, what was that thing you took out earlier? Why did that guy get on his knee immediately when he saw it?” Dahlia couldn’t help but ask curiously once Duncan was gone.
The others didn’t utter a word, but they were also bewildered.
“Oh, two days ago, I saved a patient, and his family gave me a badge. They told me that if I ever got into trouble, this could save my life. I didn’t think I’d actually have to use it,” Dustin said with a laugh.
“Huh? That’s unbelievably lucky,” Dahlia said, slightly surprised. She had almost thought that he was going to end up in deep shit.
“Hmph, how impressive can that be? In the end, he was still riding on someone’s coattails!” Terrence said cynically.
Dustin’s actions had made him feel ashamed. “You got all the glory because of that little badge. I’m tall, rich, and handsome, but why do I have to be shown up by you?” he thought bitterly.
“Dustin, to forge iron, you still need a strong hammer. A favor can only be used once, so don’t be too pleased with yourself. Next time, you won’t be this lucky again!” Julie said indignantly.
Her man was the best man in the world. What was a barefoot doctor in comparison?
“Really? I guess,” Dustin said with a light smile. He was too lazy to defend himself. There were always bound to be green–eyed monsters who couldn’t see the glory of others.
“Dustin, this badge of yours is really pretty. Can I borrow it for a few days?” Florence’s eyes were sparkling as she stared at the Consultant Badge in Dustin’s hand. If she could get her hands on the badge that could make people kneel, then of course she’d want to take it for a spin.
“This badge already has an owner. Even if I gave it to you, you can’t use it. You might even get into trouble,” Dustin said, shaking his head.
Considering Florence’s personality, if she got a hold of this, she could turn the whole world upside down.
“Hmph, what kind of trouble? I think you’re just selfish!” Florence’s face turned frigid.
“Mom, what do you want to do with Dustin’s badge?” Dahlia frowned.
“I just thought it was pretty and wanted to take a closer look. Who would’ve thought that that bastard would be so petty? Whatever, I don’t want it anymore! It’s just a shitty badge; what’s so special about it? You can hold onto it until it rots! Let’s go!” Florence blew her top. She wasn’t in the mood to eat anymore; thus she straight up asked them to leave.
1/2
“Even at her ripe old age, she still throws tantrums like a child,” Dahlia said helplessly, shaking her head.
“After so many years. I’ve gotten used to it.” Dustin thought nothing of it and changed the subject. “By the way. didn’t you come looking for me to discuss something? What was it?”
“It was nothing. I just wanted to refer you for a job,” Dahlia said, forcing a smile.
“A job? What kind of job?” Dustin was taken aback.
“To be the Chief Security Officer of the Nicholson Corp. What do you think?” Dahlia arched her brow.
“Chief Security Officer? What gave you that idea?” Dustin was puzzled.
“This is my first time in Millsburg, and I’m not familiar with the people or the place. Taking on a multibillion- dollar corporation, there will surely be many hardships. I need someone to help me,” Dahlia explained straightforwardly. “The corporation’s security department is in charge of safety and security. Any sign of trouble has to be taken care of in time. There are many positions in the company that carry a lot of weight, and this is a role I can’t give to an outsider; I have to keep it within my circle. After giving it a lot of thought, I think you’re the best guy for the role!”
She’d appointed him Chief Security Officer, half because she trusted him and half because she wished he’d stay by her side. After all, she’d be the closest person to him.
If he took on that position, she wouldn’t have to worry about Natasha stealing him from the shadows. By then, with time, feelings would develop. Well, then things would be up to her, wouldn’t they?
###Chapter 481 by Marina Vittori
Dustin was in a dilemma. “Dahlia, you know I’m only average at martial arts. I’ve never been a Chief Security
Officer before. Don’t you think I’m not suited for that post?” He was good at fighting and treating illnesses, but he had no experience holding an executive position in a company. It just didn’t feel right.
“You just need to be good at fighting.” Dahlia smiled at him. “You don’t need to do anything. You just need to oversee safety matters and, at the same time, protect me from harm.”
“Dustin didn’t know what to say.
“Hmph! If you don’t want to do it, fine.” She pulled a long face. “I’ll just die a quick death if someone wants to harm me. It’s no big deal.”
“Come on, it’s not that serious.” His eyes twitched.
Dahlia responded, “You’re right, it’s not that serious. Nicholson Corp. has tens of billions in assets. Of course, I don’t need any protection as the newly appointed chairman. It’s not like anyone is after their shares. Please. just remember to collect my body when I’m assassinated.”
“Stop speaking like that. Alright, I’ll do it, okay?” He smiled bitterly. This woman had started learning some tricks.
“Don’t force yourself. I don’t want you to regret your decision.” Dahlia said.
Dustin shook his head continuously I’m not forcing myself. And I won’t regret it.”
“Alright! You’re the one who said it; I didn’t force you.” She immediately flashed a beautiful smile.
He was helpless. “I feel like I’ve fallen into your trap.”
“You should be grateful. There are people waiting for the opportunity to be trapped.” She looked up at him proudly.
“Not to mention, I’ll treat you well. I didn’t prepare any gifts today, so I’ll give you a small reward first.” She stood up on her tiptoes and swiftly landed a peck on his cheek.
As she drew back, a waft of a light fragrance followed. Dustin froze and looked at her funny. “Dahlia, you seem to have turned into a delinquent.”
“Don’t guys like delinquent girls?” Dahlia retorted wittily. However, her face turned bright red. In the end, she wasn’t able to act freely without restraint like Natasha could.
Dustin was thinking of a response when his phone suddenly rang. It was a call from Patrick.
“Hello, Dustin? Sorry for bothering you.”
“It’s okay. Is there anything I can help you with, Patrick?” Dustin’s tone was pleasant.
“Well, the thing is, even though my grandfather’s condition has stabilized, he’s been coughing nonstop these past few days, and he doesn’t seem to be in good spirits either. I recalled that you mentioned he needs to take some medicinal wine?”
1/2
Chapter 451
“Medicinal wine?” Dustin was confused for a moment before it hit him. “Oh, I’m sorry! I’ve been so busy these
past two days that I’ve forgotten about it. But no worries; I’ve had it brewed beforehand. I’ll get someone to
deliver it to you immediately.”
“I see. Sorry for the trouble.” Patrick breathed a sigh of relief.
“It’s no trouble. It’s an oversight on my part.” Dustin felt embarrassed. Because of the Harmons‘ annual family
gathering, he’d forgotten about the Hill family.
After he hung up, he made a call to Edmund. “Hello, Mr. Robinson. Can you help me check if the medicinal wine I left in the kitchen is still there?”
Very soon, Edmund responded, “It’s here. What should I do with it, Mr. Rhys?”
“I’m unable to leave at the moment. Could you please help me deliver the medicinal wine to Patrick Hill at the Hill family residence?”
Edmund agreed immediately. “No problem. I’ll go right away!”
30 minutes later, a Mazda came to a slow stop in front of the gates of the Hill family residence. The car door opened, and Edmund got off carefully while carrying the medicinal wine in his arms.
“Hey! What are you here for?” The guard by the gates yelled.
Edmund smiled apologetically. “Sir, I’m here to deliver wine to Sir Patrick Hill on Mr. Rhys‘ orders.” For an affluent family like the Hills, even the guards thought that they were above others.
“Mr. Rhys? Which Rhys?” the guard questioned.
###Chapter 482 by Marina Vittori
“Mr. Dustin Rhys.”
“Who’s Dustin Rhys? I’ve never heard of him. Get lost, and don’t be an eyesore!” The guard lambasted. Every day, many people sent gifts to the Hill family. It had already become a regular occurrence for them.
“But Mr. Rhys instructed me to deliver this to Sir Patrick personally.” Edmund was in a hard spot.
“Hey, do you not understand what I said? I told you to get lost!” The guard was getting impatient.
Edmund was nervous and shrank back in slight fear. “Could you kindly deliver the message at least?”
“Who are you to ask me to deliver a message? Get lost before I lose my cool!” The guard’s expression was
cold.
“What’s the noise about?” At that moment, a tall, well–built man walked out.
The previously upset guard immediately greeted him with a smile. “Mr. Torben, it’s nothing. A beggar is being rowdy and wants to pass a gift to Mr. Patrick. I’ll get him to leave immediately.”
“Hold up.” Torben raised his hand to stop him and turned his attention toward Edmund. “You know Patrick?”
“No.” Edmund shook his head, his expression filled with fear. “Mr. Rhys asked me to pass a bottle of medicinal
wine to Sir Patrick. Could you kindly pass on the message?”
“Dustin?” A cold glint flashed through his eyes. “So you were sent by him.”
“It seems like you are acquainted with Mr. Rhys. Thank God.” Edmund was relieved, thinking he had met a
savior.
“Mmhm, thank God.” He sneered. “You mentioned a bottle of medicinal wine. It’s for Patrick?”
Edmund nodded. “That’s right.”
“It’s not poisoned, is it?” Torben narrowed his eyes.
“Poisoned?” Edmund was taken aback and waved his hands in panic. “That’s impossible. This is a medicinal
wine to treat the sick. How could it contain poison?”
“Really? Why don’t you try it then?” He smiled mockingly.
Edmund smiled apologetically. “This is medicinal wine for Sir Patrick. A person of my status can’t drink it.”
“What? You’re not going to listen to me?” Torben’s expression turned dark. “You not drinking just proves that
the medicinal wine is suspicious. Someone, take him away!”
“No, no, no. I’ll drink!” Edmund panicked and opened up the bottle in a hurry before taking a sip.
“That’s too little. Finish the whole bottle!” Torben ordered.
“What?” Edmund was shocked and at a loss. He would most probably collapse if he finished the whole bottle.
“Not going to drink? Let me help you out personally!” Torben grinned, then grabbed a fistful of Edmund’s hair
1/2
Chapter 492.
and pulled his head down so his mouth was facing upward. At the same time, he grabbed the medicinal wine and forced it down his throat.
As the wine went down his pipes, Edmund coughed and choked uncontrollably until his face flushed red. He appeared extremely tormented.
Torben bellowed in laughter. “Drink up! Finish it all, buddy!” The sounds of his laughter never stopped as he continued forcing the remaining wine down his throat. He appeared exhilarated, as if tormenting others was a fun activity.
Torben didn’t seem satisfied even after he emptied the bottle. He snapped his fingers as he ordered, “This person is suspicious and added poison to the wine. Take him away immediately to be served his punishment!”
“I … I didn’t poison the wine.” Edmund laid on the floor, barely clinging to life.
“Bastard, you’re still talking back?” Torben stepped on his face and sneered. “Trash like you at the bottom of the food chain are just our toys. Your life is in my hands! I’m in a bad mood today, so I’m going to make sure you wish for death!”
###Chapter 483 by Marina Vittori
When Dustin returned to Enchanting Villa, it was already dusk, but Edmund was nowhere to be found. Dustin found it suspicious. Typically, Edmund would already have dinner prepared by this time. With how considerate he was, he would even inform Dustin in advance when he had to leave the house.
Just as he was wondering about the situation, his phone rang. It was from Abigail.
“Dustin! Things are bad. Something happened to my dad!” Dustin could tell she was anxious as soon as she spoke. “What happened?” Dustin turned serious.
“The hospital just called. They said my dad was beaten up so badly he almost died,” Abigail replied.
Dustin’s brows furrowed slightly. “Edmund treats everyone with kindness. Why would he suddenly be beaten up?”
Edmund was always cautious and reserved, and he interacted with people with an apologetic smile on his face. Logically speaking, he wasn’t the type to engage in conflicts or make enemies.
“I’m not sure about the details. I’m on the way to the hospital.”
“Which hospital?”
‘Pinevale Hospital.”
“Okay, I’ll be right there.” Dustin left the house right after he hung up.
Within 20 minutes, he had arrived at the hospital. In one of the wards, Edmund appeared lifeless. He was covered in bandages, leaving only his face exposed.
Abigail was pacing in the ward, at a loss. After all, she was only a 17–year–old high school student. She had never encountered a situation of such magnitude. It was inevitable for her to panic when her only relative was left in such a state.
“Abigail, how’s Mr. Robinson?” Dustin suddenly stormed into the ward.
“Dustin, You’re finally here!” It felt like she had found her pillar of support.
She said in a rush, “The doctor said my dad has multiple fractures and damaged organs. His whole body is also covered in all kinds of wounds. It’s suspected that my dad was tortured.”
“Tortured?” Dustin frowned. “Have you guys offended anyone before?”
“No!” Abigail shook her head immediately. “My dad is an honest though timid man. He’s never offended
anyone.”
Dustin was silent. He approached Edmund and took a seat before feeling for his pulse. The next second, his expression darkened. Although Edmund’s injuries were not life–threatening, the perpetrator had used extremely cruel means. They had deliberately avoided striking vital points, ensuring that their victim would endure excruciating pain.
Someone who could perform such an act was either harboring a deep grudge or just purely sadistic.
“Mr. Robinson, can you hear me?” Dustin asked softly.
Edmund’s eyes fluttered before opening slowly. His voice was hoarse and weak. “Mr… Rhys.”
“Mr. Robinson, don’t worry. I will make sure you get better.” His expression turned solemn. “I’m going to ask you a few questions. You need to answer me honestly.”
“Okay Edmund nodded as much as he could.
“Who made you like this?” Dustin went straight to the point.
“I don’t know. I went to the Hill family residence today to deliver the medicinal wine. But someone deliberately made things difficult for me and made me go through hell.” Edmund spoke with difficulty. A glint
of fear flashed through his eyes.
“Medicinal wine?”
###Chapter 484 by Marina Vittori
Dustin frowned. “That meant it was the Hills that did this?” He had been kind enough to have Edmund deliver them the medicinal wine to treat Paul. Instead of being grateful, they attacked Edmund. No matter the reason, he was not going to let them go easily.
Dustin felt guilty. “I’m sorry, Mr. Robinson. I put you into this mess. You wouldn’t have endured such suffering if I didn’t send you there.”
Edmund forced out a smile. “No, it has nothing to do with you. I was just unlucky.” “Don’t worry. Mr. Robinson. I will get revenge for you. It doesn’t matter who did this to you. I will make them pay!” Dustin vowed.
“Mr. Rhys, the Hills are a powerful and influential family that we can’t afford to offend. Please don’t act impulsively.” Edmund grew agitated. It was one thing for him to be beaten, but if he was the reason Dustin was harmed, he would never forgive himself.
“Don’t worry about me. You just need to make sure you get better. I’ll deal with this matter.” He took out a pill and fed it to Edmund before standing up to leave.
“Dustin, where are you going?” Abigail felt inexplicably uneasy.
“To get revenge.” He patted her shoulders.
“Take care of your dad. Call me anytime if something happens.” He left as soon as he said that.
Half an hour later, Dustin arrived at the front gates of the Hill family residence. Taking in the luxurious villa, Dustin walked up to it with deliberate steps, his expression dark.
“Stand right there! Who are you?” The guard yelled after noticing him.
Dustin asked coldly, “Are you the ones who have been standing guard the whole day?”
“So what if we are?” He cocked his head up. He wasn’t afraid of offending Dustin purely because of the clothes he was wearing. It was obvious Dustin wasn’t from a prestigious family.
“Very well. Did you guys beat up a man who delivered some medicinal wine today?” Dustin asked again.
Realization dawned on his face. “Oh, you mean that old man? It just so happened that he ran into Young Mr. Hill, so he got roughed up.”
“You mean Torben Hill?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
The guard glared at him fiercely. “Hey! Who are you to call Young Mr. Hill by his full name? That’s Sir Hill to you.”
“What’s the reason?”
“Reason?” The guard was puzzled for a moment before bursting into laughter. “Are you fucking joking? Does Young Mr. Hill need a reason to beat someone up? Peasants like you are even below his pet dogs. He can just kill you without reason, not to mention beat you up!”
Chapter 484
“Is this how the Hill family operates? Disregarding human life for no reason?” Dustin’s expression grew colder.
“Who the fuck are you?” The guard sized him up. “You aren’t that old man’s son, are you? What? Are you here
for revenge? Open up your fucking eyes, and look at where you are!”
“Punk, this is not a place for you to act so recklessly. Scram! Otherwise, your father will be the last of his
bloodline!”
The rest of the guards laughed mockingly, with Dustin looking like a clown to them. They had gotten used to
their tyrannical bullying and wouldn’t care about mere peasants.
“Last question. Did you join in the beating?” Dustin’s expression was calm, but his eyes were frosty.
“So what if we did? Get the fuck out of here before we make you a crippled man!” The guard yelled.
“It’s good that you admitted to it.” Dustin nodded determinedly at his words, and without another word, hel landed a forceful punch on the guard’s abdomen.
The impact resembled a truck collision, and a thunderous explosion sounded as the guard flew backward. He crashed heavily into the gate, with the sturdy metal gates denting under the force.
The guard was stuck to the gate, every bone in his body was shattered as blood gushed out from his mouth and nose. He died on the spot.
###Chapter 485 by Marina Vittori
“What?” The rest of the guards froze at the sight of their buddy, who died with just a punch. They never imagined Dustin would be so vicious. It was obvious that he didn’t have any respect for the Hills if he would kill someone over a disagreement.
“How dare you!”
“The audacity!”
“You must be tired of living! To actually kill someone from the Hill family!” After a momentary daze, the few remaining guards brandished their knives and yelled angrily at Dustin.
Dustin stood calmly in place. His cold gaze scanning them left and right, he asked, “Did you guys also beat Mr. Robinson up?”
“What?” Their pupils constricted as they unconsciously took a few steps back. It felt like they had been
marked by a predator. However, they soon realized the absurdity of it. They were at the Hill family residence! What was there to be afraid of when they were only up against a single person?
“You punk! If you don’t want to die, surrender immediately, or don’t blame us for being merciless!” The guard on the left took two steps forward, his expression hostile.
A resounding bang rang out. With a kick, Dustin propelled him back into the wall. As blood sprayed out of his mouth, his lifeless body collapsed onto the ground.
The guard on the right was bewildered. “You fucking-” He was about to attack when another kick left him
stuck on the wall. In the span of a few breaths, only one guard was left standing among the four of them.
“I–I’m warning you. Don’t try anything! I didn’t do anything. It’s none of my business!” Taking in the sight of his dead and crippled buddies, his face lost all color, and his legs trembled from the shock.
“I’ll give you a chance. Get Torben out here!” Dustin demanded coldly.
“Okay! Just wait!” The remaining guard didn’t hesitate and rushed inside immediately.
Not long after, nearly hundreds of people stormed out of the manor. “Who dared cause chaos in our residence?
Torben led the way in front with his head held high. Following closely behind him was their head of security
and a large group of elite guards.
“Young Mr. Hill, that’s the punk!” The guard who escaped earlier pointed at Dustin. “He not only spoke ill of
you, he even killed my good buddies just now!”
“What?” After taking a closer look, Torben let out an audible scoff. “So it’s you. What’s the matter? I heard you’re here to seek revenge.”
“Are you the one who beat up Mr. Robinson?‘ Dustin asked coldly.
“Mr. Robinson?” Torben raised an eyebrow and smiled teasingly. “Oh you mean that old thing? That’s right,
I’m the one who did it. What about it?”
1/2
“Why?” Dustin questioned.
“Why?” Torben let out a chuckle. “That’s new.”
He flashed Dustin a devious smile. “I have always acted without reason. It depends on my preferences. Simply speaking. I do whatever I want. Understand?”
“Yeah.” Dustin nodded. “Since you don’t seem to speak reason, I have nothing else to say to you. Today, I will make you a crippled man and drag you in front of Mr. Robinson for an apology.”
“Make me a crippled man?” While Torben was initially taken by surprise, he soon chortled in laughter. “Hey punk, you’re quite the wild person! Do you know you’re in the Hill family residence? This is an extremely dangerous place. What makes you think you can show off here shamelessly?”
With a calm demeanor, Dustin responded, “My two fists right here.”
“Bravo, bravo!” Torben grinned. “Since you don’t seem to value your life, you can’t blame me for what I’m about to do. Kill him!”
“Charge!” After receiving the order, the hundreds of elite guards brandished their knives. They charged at Dustin at the same time with the overwhelming urge to kill.
Dustin didn’t back down and walked forward with a stoic expression, every step leaving a deep imprint on the ground.
###Chapter 486 by Marina Vittori
With the distance closing in and only a few meters left between both parties, Dustin’s knees bent slightly before he stepped forcefully onto the ground. He propelled forward like a rocket, following an explosion–like noise that left a crater in its wake. What was left behind in his path were groans and splattered blood.
Protected by his energy sphere, the elite guards were sent flying before they could even touch him. Some suffered broken limbs, while others died instantly. No one could put up a fight against him. Dustin was like a fierce tiger preying upon a flock of sheep–unstoppable and invincible. Within a few minutes, half of the hundreds of elite guards had collapsed to the ground.
“Damn it, this punk has skills!” Torben frowned as he watched Dustin go on his rampage. The Hill family’s elite guards were the cream of the crop. It was a sight to see them fall one after the other.
“Young Mr. Hill, if my observation serves me right, that guy should be a divine–level martial artist.” The head of security, clad in a black outfit, suddenly commented.
“Divine–level martial artist? Aren’t you one as well? How confident are you?” Torben responded. To be head of security for the Hill family, one had to be at least a divine–level martial artist.
He was confident. “Don’t worry, Young Mr. Hill. Dealing with this guy will be a piece of cake.”
“Very well. Don’t kill him later, just make him crippled. I want to enjoy playing with him later!” Torben sneered.
He smirked. “No problem!”
While they were talking, the fight in front of them was coming to an end. Hundreds of guards were sprawled on the ground as anguished moans and groans filled the air from the wounded and the crippled.
The head of security clapped as he walked up front. With a smile, he said, “I have to admit, kid, you’re skilled.
It’s a pity you have encountered me today.”
Dustin spat out two words. “Get lost.”
“Hah! You have quite the temper for your age.” His expression darkened. “Today, let me show you how big the
world is. You aren’t the only skilled one out there!”
As soon as he said that, he jumped on his toes and propelled forward like a bullet. The next second, a loud bang rang out. The head of security had just flown forward when he rebounded more than 20 meters from the impact. It was as if he had been hit by a train, his head and torso buried into the ground, leaving only his two
feet hanging outside that still twitched occasionally.
“What?” Torben was shocked by the turn of events. The Hill family’s head of security was a divine–level
martial artist, but he was defeated with just one move. How the fuck was it possible?
“It’s your turn now.” Dustin turned his attention toward Torben and approached him slowly.
“Rhys! I’m warning you–don’t try anything! I am a direct descendant of the Hill family. If you touch me, I’ll
make sure you die a cruel death!” Torben yelled cowardly.
“The Hill family name is not your immunity card. It might work on someone else, but not me!” In a flash, Dustin
was already in front of Torben and threw a forceful punch to his abdomen.
1/2
Torben screamed in anguish before he was lifted up high. Dustin slammed him to the ground, crushing his
knees in the process, and he spurted blood all over.
“Stop right there!” Suddenly, a huge number of armed soldiers swarmed out of all comers. The key members of the Hill family had come after hearing the news.
“Insolent bastard! Who gave you the courage to act like this on our family grounds!”
“Release him! Otherwise, there will be nothing left of you!”
“Surround him! If he moves, kill him immediately.!”
A wave of discontented admonishment rang out. In the blink of an eye, Dustin was completely surrounded.
###Chapter 487 by Marina Vittori
Dustin looked around him and found himself completely surrounded. What greeted him was a dense crowd of the Hill family’s elite. He noticed a few familiar faces among the crowd, including Autumn and Patrick, who stood out especially.
“Dustin?” Upon arriving at the scene, Patrick was stunned, appearing greatly astonished. He had first thought it was someone who didn’t know any better when he heard the news. He didn’t expect that person to be Dustin.
Autumn’s expression turned dark when he recognized the person. “You brat! So it’s you! That’s some courage you’ve got! How dare you hurt my son? Release him immediately!”
“Release him!”
‘Release him now!”
The elite members of the Hill family began clamoring, each one of them glowering with a murderous look on their faces.
When he saw reinforcements arriving, the previously flustered Torben straightened his posture and arrogantly declared, “Hey, punk, weren’t you being arrogant earlier? Why are you silent now? You aren’t frightened, are you?
“Let me tell you the truth: the power you are seeing before you is just the tip of the iceberg of what the Hill family is capable of. I know you have some skills, but so what? The Hill family has numerous experts and highly–skilled individuals. Killing you is as easy as crushing an ant.
“I’m giving you a chance now. Kneel before me, and lick my shoes clean. And I might spare your life!”
After he said that, Torben spat out a mouthful of phlegm stained with blood on his shoe.
“Are y
you seeking death?” Dustin raised an eyebrow in response.
“Hah! Do you dare touch me? Open up your eyes! You’re surrounded by my people. If you act rashly, you’ll die
for sure!” Torben sneered, looking smug.
“It seems like you haven’t realized the gravity of the situation. It’s alright, let me show you how karma works.”
With that, Dustin stomped on Torben’s knee, bending it 90 degrees into an unnatural position. A gush of blood
splattered out in all directions as his bone pierced his flesh.
Torben was stunned before letting out a high–pitched, anguished scream. The pain was so intense that he rolled on the ground.
“Dustin. Let’s talk it out. Don’t be rash!” Patrick was shocked. If Dustin only injured their guards, he could still
get away with it considering his previous merit. But it would be a different situation altogether if he attacked
Torben.
“Bastard! How dare you continue your assault! You must be tired of living!” Autumn was enraged and shot a
menacing glare in Dustin’s direction when he saw his son’s leg getting crushed.
Dustin ignored him and stomped heavily on Torben’s other leg, leading him to let out another anguished
scream. His face contorted in pain as tears streamed down his cheeks, losing all of his previous arrogance.
1/2
Autumn’s anger reached a tipping point as he screeched, “You bastard! You’re dead meat! Your whole family is dead meat!”
It was as if Dustin didn’t hear him as he lifted his feet two more times, breaking both of Torben’s arms. In a short amount of time. Torben had lost the use of all four limbs and was suffering from excruciating pain.
“Be patient; this is just the start. I’ll return the pain and suffering you put Mr. Robinson through twofold.” Dustin grinned, looking like the devil. He took out a silver needle and, with extreme speed, pierced it into Torben’s governor vessel on his back. It penetrated into his body, disappearing instantly. On the surface, there didn’t seem to be any traces of the needle left.
###Chapter 488 by Marina Vittori
Torben’s pain increased immensely, and he let out miserable screams. “You despicable bastard! There is no animosity between us. Why did you stoop to such heinous acts!” After screaming. Autumn gradually regained his composure. However, the murderous look in his eyes only intensified.
“No animosity? Why don’t you ask your son what he’s done?” Dustin finally looked up. “No matter what my son did, that’s not an excuse for you to assault someone here!” Autumn declared fiercely.
“All of you truly have the same corrupt principles. Since you can’t be reasoned with, don’t blame me for resorting to violence.” Dustin impassively declared. “I’m giving you three days to prepare. In three days, I want to see your son apologize to the victim. Otherwise, you’ll bear the consequences!”
“Kid, did you think you could leave safely after injuring someone here? Do you think we are at a public playground?” Autumn’s rage was boiling.
“If I want to stay, nobody can make me leave. If I want to leave, nobody can make me stay either.” With that, he kicked Torben away, then turned around to leave.
“Kill him!” Torben was seeing red as he yelled.
The group of elite Hill family members charged at him. If it weren’t for Torben being held hostage previously. they would have acted much earlier. Without the person in his hands, they could finally attack. Nobody had ever walked out alive after daring to cause trouble at the Hill family residence. Not even God!
However, ten minutes later, the final guard fell to the ground with a loud thud. Autumn and the remaining onlookers were bewildered. Taking in the figure standing in a pool of blood in the distance, their faces were filled with horror, as if they were staring at a monster.
They had mobilized a good two to three hundred lighters, yet the resulting outcome was everyone lying in a pool of blood within ten minutes. It didn’t matter if they were low–level martial artists or divine–level martial artists; no one could stand against him.
The Hill family, established for over a hundred years, had never encountered such a formidable opponent. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say Dustin had single–handedly destroyed the Hill family’s array of highly–skilled fighters, dismantling their legacy as a martial arts family.
In the end, Dustin left. Nobody could make him stay, and no one dared make him stay either. Silence engulfed the entire Hill family courtyard.
“W–what monster is that punk!” Autumn swallowed with difficulty, his back drenched in sweat. He never would have thought the Hill family elites would face such a crushing defeat by one man.
“Uncle Autumn, you seem to have offended someone you shouldn’t have.” Patrick wiped the sweat off his forehead, trying his best to calm himself down. It finally dawned on him that Dustin didn’t stop Paul’s punch that day by some miraculous coincidence. It was pure talent!
From his actions earlier, Dustin must be at least a fully developed divine–level martial artist. That meant, other than being a grandmaster, he had no competition. The problem was that Dustin was only in his early twenties.
12
His talent in martial arts was simply astounding if he managed to achieve such a feat at his age.
“Ha! Don’t joke with me!” Autumn’s expression grew menacing after he calmed down. “I’ll admit that kid is skilled. But don’t forget, we still have our shadow guards!”
Patrick frowned. “Uncle Autumn, the shadow guards are the Hill family’s hidden trump card. We can only deploy them when pushed to the brink of death. We’ll also need Grandpa’s permission. We can’t just use them at will.”
“I don’t care!” Autumn’s face was contorted in rage. “I won’t accept this treatment! I’m going to kill that kid!”
###Chapter 489 by Marina Vittori
Three resounding tolls of bells echoed throughout the Hill family residence. This prompted a large number of key family members to swiftly gather at the meeting hall. The Hill family had a clear rule that if warning bells were sounded, it meant a major incident had occurred within the family.
No matter where they were or what they were up to, they were required to head immediately to the meeting hall.
“Autumn, what the hell are you doing? Who permitted you to ring the bell?” Spring had arrived with a few of his aides and strode into the meeting hall. He noticed that most of the key family members were already gathered.
The family members were drawn to the meeting hall by the sound of the bell, not yet knowing what had transpired. Since the Hill family residence was enormous, surrounding an entire mountain, those residing behind the mountains didn’t hear the commotion at the front gates.
Autumn’s expression was gloomy. “Spring! Someone had gone on a killing rampage at our residence. If I hadn’t rung the bell our family’s legacy would soon be reduced to ruins!”
“Oh? Who has such courage to start trouble with our family?” Spring was instantly agitated.
“It’s that Dustin kid!” Autumn gritted his teeth. “That kid is audacious and arrogant. He openly disrespects our family just because he thinks he’s got some skills. He not only injured two to three hundred of our elite members, but he also crippled my son!”
“Dustin? How could it be him?” Spring furrowed his brows, slightly surprised. “Are you sure you didn’t get the
wrong person?”
“How would I get the wrong person? Even if that kid was burned to ashes. I would still recognize him!” Autumn’s expression was one of pure resentment.
“Everything must have a reason. Why would he do such a thing?” Spring questioned.
“No reason could ever justify his heinous acts!” Autumn insisted indignantly.
*Spring, just look at my son. Look at how badly he was beaten up!” He waved his hand, and soon, Torben was carried in carefully on a stretcher. He was covered in blood and had severed limbs, and his face was contorted
in pain as he wailed incessantly.
The horrifying sight caused an uproar among the family members. Torben was a direct descendant of the family. He was also someone the family nurtured with great care. Naturally, witnessing him reduced to such a battered state caused a significant commotion.
“Dustin has gone too far! We must make him pay for his actions!”
“That’s right! We must capture him so that it can serve as a warning to others!”
Everyone present spoke fervently with righteous indignation.
“Everyone, please quiet down. I have something to say.” At that moment, Patrick walked up and said calmly.” Uncle Spring, after investigating, I found that Torben was the one who started this fiasco.”
Chapter 459
Spring raised his eyebrows. “Oh? Why?”
“Dustin had asked someone to deliver a bottle of medicinal wine today to treat Grandpa’s illness. However, things were intentionally made difficult for the person at the front gates. Not only did Torben smash the bottle, he almost killed him. That was why Dustin came to take revenge.” Patrick explained the situation in detail.
“What?! Is that true, Autumn?” Spring turned his attention to Autumn.
“So what? He’s just a servant. What’s the big deal about beating him up? Is he worth being compared to my son?” Autumn confidently justified his actions.
“A servant is indeed not worth mentioning. But what about Grandpa’s medicinal wine?” Patrick rebuked him,” Torben is taking Grandpa’s health as a joke. Don’t you think that is disgraceful behavior?”
“You cut the crap!” Autumn’s expression shifted slightly. “Who knows if the medicinal wine was poisoned? My son might have stopped him because he had a good eye and realized the wine was tampered with!”
“That is just your one–sided opinion,” Patrick said impassively.
“Shut up!” Autumn glared at him. “Are you suspecting me? How dare you point fingers at someone with a
higher standing than yours?” Since he couldn’t argue against him, Autumn pulled rank. But that made him
more suspicious.
“Enough! Stop arguing!” Spring slammed his hand on the table to stop their dispute. “Autumn, I will investigate this matter thoroughly. Go and get Torben treated.”
“Investigate what? My son has been battered to such a state! No matter what, I will get my revenge!” Autumn spat out in anger.
‘That’s right! It doesn’t matter why. The Hill family will not be bullied!”
###Chapter 490 by Marina Vittori
At that moment, many of them agreed. On a normal day, no one would dare cause a scene with them, as they were usually the bullies. Even if they were in the wrong, it didn’t matter to them. Whoever was the better fighter would be the superior party.
“What do you plan on doing?” Spring narrowed his eyes, seemingly upset.
“I want to deploy the shadow guards and turn that kid into minced meat!” Autumn was seething in anger.
“Nonsense!” Spring shot up as he slammed the table. “The shadow guards are the foundation of our family. How can you just mobilize them like that?
“I don’t care! I’m getting revenge! If you don’t agree, I’m asking Father!” Autumn was stubborn.
“Who’s looking for me?” At that moment, an elderly man with a white beard and white brows slowly walked out. His hands were behind his back, and he looked calm. Even though he didn’t give off a powerful air, his every step and move exuded a subtle sense of authority.
“Sir Paul!”
Paul’s appearance had everyone on their feet as they paid their respects. Even Autumn, who was defiant
earlier, turned submissive.
Paul sat confidently at the head of the table, his expression indifferent. “Who said they wanted to deploy the
shadow guards?”
Everyone else, including Spring, could only obediently stand and remain quiet.
“It’s me, Dad.” Autumn stepped out determinedly.
“And your reason?” Paul picked up a cup of tea and took a sip, not even sparing him a glance.
“Someone crippled my son and injured at least two hundred of our elites. A threat like that must be dealt with!” Autumn complained with indignation.
Paul responded calmly, “So, what you mean to say is, your son was beaten up into a pulp because he’s useless, and now you want the entire family to pay for your antics?
“What?” Autumn was taken aback. He couldn’t comprehend what Paul said. He never expected his father to
respond that way.
“Dad! It’s your grandson who was battered! Don’t you feel bad for him?” Autumn decided to use emotional
persuasion.
“He deserved it for being a bad fighter. If he has the ability, get him to fight back himself. He’s a weakling if he
needs to hide behind the family’s strength.” Paul was expressionless.
“But-”
“Don’t try your nonsense with me!”
Autumn tried to explain but was stopped by Paul, who had raised a hand. “The Hill family was built on martial
1/2
Chapter 490
prowess. Every generation has gone through battles and conquests. But your generation is pampered and
weak. You have completely forgotten about our ancestral teachings and the dignity that comes with being a martial artist. Did you think martial artists were born into lavish feasts and beautiful women?
“A martial artist sweats, bleeds, fights valiantly, faces death and emerges victorious, and crawls out of piles of corpses and pools of blood! Look at you. How many of you have experienced near–death experiences? And how many of you have truly set foot on the battlefield? Today, even a young lad can mess around with all of
you, and yet you have the audacity to complain to me? All of you are a bunch of useless trash!”
With his final insult, the entire room fell silent. Not only Autumn, but every Hill family member present broke out in cold sweats. They understood that Paul was furious not because they had caused trouble, but because
of their incompetence.
“Today’s incident will serve as a wake–up call for all of you.” Paul stood up and dusted off his clothes.
“Autumn, bring your son to apologize to Dustin. That lad’s future is bright, and he’s not someone we should be
enemies with. At the very least, he’s not someone you bunch of losers can afford to offend.”
“Dad”
“If you refuse, I will kick you out of the family.” With that, Paul left without another word, leaving the remaining family members looking at each other in fear and regret.
###Chapter 491 by Marina Vittori
The next morning, in a ward at Pinevale Hospital, Edmund’s serious condition finally turned for the better. Hel laid on the hospital bed, sleeping peacefully, with Abigail keeping watch beside him. Even though the father- daughter duo didn’t get along well on a typical day. Abigail cared for him the most when a serious matter arose. She had been busy the entire night and hadn’t gotten any sleep.
“Kid, eat something.” At that moment, Dustin walked in with breakfast. “Your father’s condition has stabilized, and he’ll get better soon. You don’t need to worry.”
“Thank you, Dustin.” Abigail forced out a smile. She took a few bites but didn’t have the appetite to continue and pushed the food aside.
“Abigail, we’re here.” Suddenly, a group of youngsters walked through the door. They were Abigail’s classmates, and they all brought something with them. Some of them had flowers, some had fruits, and others brought drinks. Among the gifts, the one most eye–catching was Mike’s panax root.
“Abigail, I heard your dad has fallen sick, so I bought this wild panax root. It can greatly replenish your dad’s health.” Mike smiled, passing the delicately wrapped panax root to Abigail with both hands.
“Thank you, but this is too valuable. You should take it back.” Abigail declined his kind gesture. She had heard
that the value of wild panax root was akin to gold.
“How can I take back a present? Not to mention, it doesn’t cost much.” Mike pouted.
“Abigail, this is a sincere gesture from Mike. Just accept it. Since your dad is injured and hospitalized, he could make good use of it.” Nina urged her gently
“Alright, thank you.” Since they’d put it that way. Abigail had no other reason to refuse.
“That’s more like it.” Mike smiled and asked, “Right, Abigail, I heard your father was hospitalized after getting
beaten up. Who dared do such a thing?”
“Uh…” Abigail didn’t know what to say. She didn’t wish for her father’s situation to be spread outside.
“There’s no need to be afraid. Just tell me what happened. It doesn’t matter who did it. I’ll make sure he pays!” Mike patted his chest with confidence.
Nina chimed in. “That’s right! With Mike here, no one would bully you. He’ll deal with any problems you have
easily.”
“Abigail, there’s no need to feel bad. We’re classmates, and we’ll solve every problem together.”
The group of youngsters spoke fervently in righteous indignation.
Abigail glanced at Dustin, not sure if she should tell them.
“Abigail, why are you looking at him? He’s not the one who did it, is he?” Nina said suspiciously.
“No, no, no. Of course not.” Abigail shook her head immediately.
“Then what happened?” Nina asked again.
Chapter 491
ally spoke. “I’ve dealt with the matter. All of you don’t need to worry about it.”
Dustin finally
“Who do you think you are? Do you think we’re not going to worry about it just because you said so?” Mike looked irritated. “Don’t think you can look down on people just because you have some money. Let me tell you, connections are far more important than wealth!”
“That’s right! The most important thing in Millsburg is connections. What can you do with money?” Nina pursed her lips in disdain.
“I said that for your own good. You guys can’t afford to offend the perpetrator.”
“What a joke!” Mike scoffed loudly. “Do you know who I am? Do you know who my father is? And you’re saying I can’t afford to offend that person? What a bold statement.”
“Hey! I advise you not to underestimate others. You’ll never be able to compare with Mike’s background,” Nina said condescendingly.
Mike continued to be insistent and cocked his head up, acting all high and mighty. “Why are you silent? I’m curious to know who exactly it is that I can’t afford to offend,
###Chapter 492 by Marina Vittori
“It was Torben from the Hill family.” Dustin spat out the words casually.
“Torben Hill?” Instantly, Mike felt like he was struck by lightning at the revelation and turned pale. The rest of them also had a look of horror on their faces, as if they had seen a ghost.
Torben Hill was the infamous vile demon of Millsburg, a scion of an affluent family standing at the pinnacle of power! He was known to be arrogant and tyrannical, committing all sorts of atrocities. However, with his powerful background, nobody dared provoke him. To them, an influential figure like Torben had the power to do whatever he wanted with them. Even if they were to encounter him on the street, they wouldn’t dare look up, not to mention provoke him.
“Y–you must be joking. Torben is the perpetrator?” After he fully digested the fact, his voice started trembling.
Dustin had a stoic expression. “What? It seems like you’re terrified.”
“T–terrified? No way!” Mike calmed himself down and rebuked stubbornly, “I grew up not knowing what terrified means. It’s just Torben Hill. I better not see him on the streets; otherwise, I’ll definitely give him two slaps to the face!”
With so many ladies watching, he couldn’t afford to show any weaknesses. It didn’t cost anything to put on an act anyway. He would think about the consequences afterward.
“Really? I guess you’re truly amazing.” Dustin only found it hilarious. He could clearly see him breaking out in a cold sweat, yet he was still being obstinate.
“Hmph! It’s not just all talk. Even an imprudent brat like Torben would need to address me formally!” Mike pointed his thumb at himself.
“You talk big for your age.” Suddenly, they heard a booming voice resonating from the door. Following closely behind, a group of Hill family members strode in. Leading the group was none other than Spring Hill, with Autumn and Patrick behind him. Even the injured Torben was carried in.
“Who was that? Who’s talking?” Mike was irritated and turned around, his expression clearly displaying his annoyance. He was in the midst of showing off! Who was so rude to interrupt him?
“What?” Before he turned around, he still had an arrogant look on his face. Once he noticed that the people who walked in were the backbones of the Hill family, he froze on the spot, clearly astonished.
He didn’t recognize all of them, but there were a few familiar faces he had the privilege of meeting during upscale social gatherings. However, their once majestic presence appeared quite ordinary as they stood with more prominent members of the Hill family.
“Were you the one who spoke earlier?” Patrick gave him a once over and smiled.
“Let me introduce myself. I’m Patrick Hill. I heard you mention you would slap Torben if you met him, and I couldn’t agree more. He’s right here. Please go ahead and don’t hold back.” Patrick gestured with one hand as if inviting him to go ahead.
“What?” Mike was shocked as he remained rooted in place, completely at a loss. He was just putting on an act. Who would’ve thought he would encounter the actual person himself!
###Chapter 493 by Marina Vittori
In the face of the Hill family members‘ menacing gazes, Mike’s legs gave way as he finally succumbed to the pressure and fell to his knees with a thud.
“I– It’s It’s a misunderstanding!” Mike couldn’t stop shaking and broke out in a cold sweat. “I was just joking. Please don’t take it to heart, everyone.”
Patrick still had a smile plastered on his face. “You mean you’re not going to slap him?”
“No, I wouldn’t dare!” Mike waved his hands. “I have a cheap mouth and just like to brag. Please forgive me for my insolence, and don’t find fault with me.” Mike even slapped himself a few times to prove his sincerity.
At that moment, Nina, who was still quite young, was also shocked into silence and was trembling slightly. The Hill family was such a powerful family that she wasn’t even worthy of looking at them. Every one of them had the right to take her life away.
“Since you don’t have the guts to touch him, go stand at one side.” Patrick’s smile gradually disappeared.
“Yes, yes. Right away.
Mike nodded like an obedient chick, shrinking back into a corner with the rest of his
classmates. As his heart beat rapidly, he wondered why the prominent members of the Hill family had arrived
at such a place. He also wondered who beat Torben up to such a state.
“Dustin. I hope you have been well.” Patrick turned toward Dustin and greeted him.
“Patrick, why have you come today?” Dustin responded nonchalantly.
“The thing is-”
“Let me talk to him!” Patrick was just about to explain when Autumn interrupted rudely. “Kid, you should be punished for hurting my son. But since the Hill family has always been kind and generous, today, I have decided to give you a chance to live!”
While Patrick frowned at his words, Spring was quietly looking down, seemingly an outsider to the current situation. Mike and the rest of the classmates, on the other hand, were greatly shocked by his revelation. They glanced at Dustin as if he was a monster. He had nerves of steel to be the one to cripple Torben.
“A chance?” With a smile, Dustin shook his head. “I’m curious, what kind of “chance‘ are you giving me?”
“First, heal my son. Second, deliver us another bottle of medicinal wine. As long as you fulfill these two requirements. I won’t hold a grudge against your previous misdeeds,” Autumn said with a serious expression.
*Autumn Hill, I guess you haven’t gotten the situation straight.” Dustin walked up to him slowly, his gaze growing increasingly dark. “The ball is in my court now. Whatever I say goes. It’s not up to you to decide.”
“What?” Autumn frowned. “Are you going to fight us to the end, kid?”
“I can if you want me to. Your son and father don’t have many days left to live anyway.”
Autumn’s expression darkened. “Are you threatening me?”
“So what if I am?” Dustin didn’t back down. “If you want to fight, I’m always ready. But if you’re here to ask for forgiveness, you should have the attitude of someone asking for forgiveness! My demand remains the same.
When your son kneels in front of Mr. Robinson and apologizes, I’ll let him live. Otherwise, scram!”
His words ignited a frenzy among the crowd. It was a great disgrace to have a direct descendant of the Hill family kneel before a commoner.
“God damn! Is this punk insane? How dare he ask Torben to get on his knees?”
“What an idiot. He must be seeking death to act that wild in front of them!”
Dustin’s bold words had made Mike and the other classmates whisper among themselves. In their eyes, what he did was just akin to suicide.
“You’re stepping out of line, kid!” Autumn erupted in rage.
###Chapter 494 by Marina Vittori
“Are you done? If that’s all you’re here to say, then get lost. Don’t be an eyesore.” Dustin waved his hand in annoyance, clearly showing no respect for them at all.
“You-” Autumn was about to launch into a new tirade when Spring raised his hand and interjected. “Enough! Torben started this and is the one at fault. It’s only fair for him to apologize.”
“Spring!” Autumn’s brow furrowed deeply. “What? Have you forgotten what Dad said?” Spring gave him the side eye, slightly upset.
“I …” Autumn gritted his teeth but remained silent in the end.
Spring gave a nod. “Torben, apologize to the person you beat up and bring this matter to an end.”
“I– I’m sorry.” Torben gritted out the words with difficulty as he laid on the stretcher. Since the odds were against him, he did as ordered. This was more important before he could rest and recover properly.
“Are you satisfied now, kid?” Autumn’s expression was dark.
“No.” Dustin shook his head. “There’s no sincerity. I want him to kneel.”
“Don’t push your fucking luck!” Autumn spat out. They’d humiliated themselves already by apologizing in
public. Getting them to kneel was going too far.
“Kneel!” Spring suddenly raised his voice.
Autumn’s eyes widened in shock. “Spring?”
“Someone help Torben get on his knees.” Autumn gestured, wanting to get things over with quickly.
Soon, a few people carried Torben off the stretcher and dropped him on the ground, getting him on his knees. It aggravated his wounds, and his face contorted in agony as he howled in pain. Autumn could only glare fiercely at Dustin, unable to utter a word even though he was enraged.
Spring asked calmly, “Dustin, would that do it?”
“One more thing.” Dustin shook his head.
“What would that be?” Spring responded.
Instead of responding to him, Dustin turned to Abigail and said, “Kid, this is the guy that beat your dad up into that state. He’s right in front of you now. It’s time to get your revenge.”
Abigail was silent, but she gave Torben a death glare, her eyes burning with rage.
Dustin comforted her. “Don’t hold back. Take the anger you are feeling now out on him.”
Abigail’s hand slowly formed into a fist. Traces of internal energy were welling up within her. After a while, she relaxed her fingers.
“Hmph, at least you know your place.” Autumn smiled proudly at the sight. “Not anyone dares touch the Hill family. If you dare touch a hair on my boy, then-
1/2
Chapter 494
Before he finished his sentence, a clear, loud slap resonated through the room. Abigail had landed a heavy slap on Torben’s face. She had put all her strength into that slap, causing Toben to lose his balance and fall head–first to the ground.
Autumn was stunned.
Patrick was stunned.
Mike was stunned.
Nina was also stunned.
Everyone at the scene was frozen to their spots, their faces etched with disbelief. Nobody expected Abigail to actually raise a hand against Torben. Not only that, she had given him a solid slap in public.
That brat must not want to l
###Chapter 495 by Marina Vittori
“H–how dare you hit my son?!” Autumn glared at Abigail. He couldn’t believe that a commoner had the guts to slap his son in public.
“If he can hit my dad, why can’t I do the same to him?” Abigail kicked Torben hard, sending him flying a good ten feet away. The sight made Autumn’s blood boil. He seethed. “Y–you You brat!”
Hearing Autumn’s shouts, a couple of martial arts experts from the Hill Family came forward.
“Why? Is that all it takes to piss you off?” Dustin snickered. “Torben’s actions were way worse than what she did to him. She’s only making him pay a fraction of it.”
“Leave, all of you!” Spring spun around and cast a frightening glare that shut everyone up.
“Kid, keep going. You have nothing to worry about.” Dustin nudged her calmly.
“Sure!” Abigail readily agreed to it. She immediately started kicking and punching the crippled Torben. She had been stewing for a while after seeing her father brutally tortured and naturally would not miss the opportunity for revenge. She wasn’t worried about offending anyone at all.
“Is Abigail crazy? She’s hitting Torben Hill!”
“She’s done for! If the Hills were to take revenge, her entire family would be done for!”
“How rash of her to do that!”
Mike and the rest of his group were staring at her outburst in fear and shock. The mighty Hill Family was not an entity that an average citizen could take on. Abigail was skating on thin ice.
Autumn’s face was stiff with a grim expression. He wouldn’t have quietly endured the humiliation as he watched his son beaten to a pulp if it weren’t for the orders from his father.
The atmosphere in the room was tense, to say the least, as people watched Abigail beat up Torben with all her might. The heavy beating further added to the grave injuries that he sustained. Finally, she came to a stop when he was at death’s door.
“Are you done?” Dustin asked.
Panting heavily, she replied, “Yeah.”
To carry out the revenge, she used up all the internal energy she had previously conserved.
“Great.” He nodded, and his gaze swept past the faces of the Hill Family members. “We’re even now. However, if you want revenge, you can always come at me.”
“Dustin, that’s a ridiculous idea! The Hills are known for our good moral character. Since Torben was in the wrong, he should pay for his mistakes. We only ask that you spare his life.” Spring flashed a regretful smile at Dustin.
Instead of replying, Dustin punched Torben in the stomach, and the latter let out a scream as a blood–stained silver needle pierced out of his back and hit the wall hard.
“Thank you, Dustin!” Spring bowed to Dustin. Dustin replied, “Don’t mention it. The patient needs rest. Gentlemen, you should leave.”
“Sure. We shall not disturb him further.” After exchanging some small talk, Spring and his people left soon. During the entire visit, he did not show any complaints or dissatisfaction.
Mike and his group were left staring agape at the Hill Family members who filed out of the room. At first, they thought that the Hills had dropped by to demand justice, and they believed that Dustin was dead meat when he insulted the family. It turned out that the entourage showed up to beg for leniency instead of going for the kill. None of them uttered a word, even when Torben was beaten up.
###Chapter 496 by Marina Vittori
After all, that was Torben Hill, the famed devil incarnate of Millsburg and the son of an elite family. It was absurd to see him beaten up into a pulp like that. They wouldn’t have believed that the Hill Family had a weak spot if they had not witnessed the scene with their own eyes. The fact that Dustin was the man behind the Hill Family’s forced submission.
They wondered about his origins and viewed him in a new light. Some were shocked; some were curious; a few were fearful; and more than everything, they admired him, for not many in Millsburg had the power to force the Hills into submission.
That went to show how remarkable Dustin was. Mike and Nina, who had been looking down on Dustin, were now quiet. At the end of the day, they found out they were the naive ones.
At that moment, Dustin’s phone started to ring. He picked up the call from Dahlia. “Where are you? Didn’t you promise to come with me on my first day at Nicholson Corp. Are you standing me up?”
“No, of course not. I was held back by something. Be there soon,” Dustin explained.
“Where are you? I’ll go pick you up.”
“I’m at Pinevale Hospital”
After hanging up, he immediately turned around and said to Abigail “Take good care of Mr. Robinson. If
anything happens, just give me a call. I have to leave now.”
“Yes, Sir, please be careful!” She reminded him. He smiled at her before leaving. “Don’t you worry. The Hills won’t do anything to me.”
20 minutes later, a blue Maserati pulled up to the hospital entrance. The car window rolled down to reveal an attractive woman. “Why are you standing there? Hop on now.” She jutted her chin out.
“Right away.” He sat in the driver’s seat and beamed. “Chairman Nicholson, I see you’ve been doing pretty well, haven’t you? You’ve got a new car!”
“Cut that out!” She rolled her eyes at him. “I need to talk to you about work. I might run into problems at the board meeting later. You should prepare yourself for that.”
“Problems? You’re the chairman of the group. Who would have the guts to give you problems?” He sounded curious.
“I’m an outsider who joined and became a chairman, and I don’t have a group of people loyal to me there. It’s hard to take control.” She shook her head. “Plus, many are eyeing my position. The greatest threat right now is from this guy called Hank Hoffman.”
“Hank Hoffman. Who is he?” Dustin pressed on.
‘He’s the vice chairman of Nicholson Corp. and a man loyal to Madam Alma, Regulus‘ first wife, because she has supported his career. He’s more advanced than me in terms of his seniority and his connections. Hank has the respect of the whole company.”
“But his reputation still can’t rival that of your patriarch, am I right? Regulus Nicholson personally appointed you as the chairman. I bet they have to listen to him,” Dustin reassured her.
She nodded and muttered, “I hope so.”
They chatted during the drive and soon arrived at the Nicholson Corp. building. The company, worth tens of billions, was well–known and reputable in Millsburg. The Nicholson Corp. building was located in the bustling
and wealthy prime area downtown.
When Dahlia and Dustin entered the office, they made their way to the meeting room. There, they found that the meeting room was packed with senior executives and shareholders.
The middle–aged man sitting at the head of the table had a beer belly and a mole at the corner of his lips. His nose was as red as Rudolph’s, and his eyes were mousey. Overall, his freckled face could only be described as unappealing. The man was Hank Hoffman, the vice chairman of Nicholson Corp.
“Dahlia, you’re late. The board meeting has started. Get yourself a seat.” Hank sat in the chairman’s seat leisurely, not showing any sign of vacating it for her. He indirectly provoked her with that disrespectful move.
###Chapter 497 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia couldn’t help but frown when she stared at the unbothered faces of the people around her as they chatted away merrily. She made sure to arrive earlier for the board meeting, so Hank’s accusation of tardiness was absolutely baseless. From the moment she entered the room, the attendees remained seated. No one stood up to greet her–not even saving a seat for her. Clearly, they did not take her seriously.
“Hank, what’s this supposed to mean?” She whispered while keeping her composure. She knew that Hank was laying down the law from day one.
“What do you mean?” Hank lit himself a cigar and crossed his legs on the table, seemingly treating the
meeting room as his own office.
“I am sure you have received the news from the family’s patriarch. I’m the new chairman of Nicholson Corp. as of today.” Her voice was laced with warning.
“And?” He gave her a mocking smirk.
“You are in my seat. You’ve crossed a line here.” She rapped her knuckles on the table.
“Your seat? Do you have evidence of that?” He shrugged and acted unreasonably. “Everyone here knows that this has been my seat forever. It was you who entered the room and immediately demanded my seat. What
right do you have?”
“Yeah! What right do you have?”
“Mr. Hoffman is the person in charge of the company! How dare a newcomer wrestle that seat from him? What
a joke!”
The meeting attendees started to make a scene. As they were in the same boat as Hank, they would never allow the young lady to be in command.
*Please get your facts straight. I am the largest shareholder in this room and the chairman of the company. Here’s my notice of appointment. If anyone here is dissatisfied, you may check with Regulus Nicholson!” With a hardened expression, she slapped a document on the table. She had come prepared, but the situation seemed more dire than she had expected.
“A notice of appointment? Haha! Who are you fooling with this?” A disdainful Hank added. “Even a general on the battlefield, as the primary decision–maker, might disregard the King’s command! We’re not in Glenstead.
Your tricks don’t work here!”
“Are you rebelling against me now?” She slammed a hand on her table, unable to contain the rage in her.
“No, we won’t rebel, but we are against your appointment.” Hank was straightforward with his dislike for her.
“That’s right! We do not acknowledge It!”
“You have neither connections in the field nor personal relationships with prominent figures. And you are lacking in capability. Why should you be our chairman?”
“Hmph! As long–timers in the company, we despise those who get in through the back door!‘
1/2
The animated attendees tried to get a word in, and they were harsh in their criticisms.
“First, this is Regulus Nicholson’s decision, Like it or not, you have to accept it.” She put on an icy look. “By the way, you were asking why I should be the chairman. I will go into detail on that topic. After looking into the company’s financial statements, I found out that the company is crumbling on the inside despite its glamorous facade. Corruption is rife–using company funds for personal matters, lining your pockets through contracts and deals, and even selling company secrets–these are commonplace.”
She finally added, “Regulus Nicholson sent me here to execute a quick shakeup. If you’re unhappy with the decision, you may turn in your resignation letter!”
The most senior executives instantly slammed their hands on the table upon hearing her words. “Who are you trying to threaten? We can always leave!”
“That’s right! I, for one, would love to know how the company operates if we resign collectively!”
“What goes around comes around! There will be a time when you need to beg us for help!”
While complaining, the group of senior executives headed toward the exit. Given their positions in the company, they knew that a collective resignation would lead to a halt in company operations and, even worse, bankruptcy. That was the reason for their confidence.
###Chapter 498 by Marina Vittori
“You may resign if you wish, but that doesn’t mean you won’t be held accountable for your dishonest practices in the past.”
Dahlia proceeded coldly. “Mr. Levin, if I recall correctly, you dipped your hands into 20 million worth of company funds, and you have not paid it back yet. For this, you will need to serve out a long sentence in prison.”
Hearing that, a man with a bald spot who stood as the head of the group leaving instantly froze and sweated profusely. He wondered how Dahlia learned about his action when he made sure he carried out the crime seamlessly.
She ignored his question and continued, “Ms. Wagner, as the Director of Finance, you are in the greatest trouble. The company makes profits annually, but after you took charge, the books showed that we were making losses. Not only that, you have been asking the headquarters for money for your personal use. Your greed knows no bounds!”
“Y– you! That’s nonsense!” A woman dressed luxuriously suddenly screamed at Dahlia, resembling a cat who had its tail stepped on.
“You don’t believe me? Have a look for yourself.” Dahlia didn’t bother to explain further and threw a few files containing the results of her investigation onto the table.
“What?” The woman took a good look at the files and instantly appeared ashen–laced as a chill ran up her spine.
That was not the end of it yet. Dahlia scanned the room, and for each person she laid her eyes on, she’d announce the misdeeds of that individual. “Mr. Price, you are saddled with huge debts from gambling, right? If not, you wouldn’t have sealed a deal worth 100 million for a mere 30 million!
“And you, Mr. Gillis, your son, wife, cousins, and other relatives are working in the company. Do you think they can stay if you resign?
“Oh, one thing almost slipped my mind. Mr. Regan, you seem quite close to the ladies from the human resources department. How would your wife react to that?”
Then, she rattled off the tainted records of most of the senior executives. The attendees were dismayed to learn that she had accessed all the information. She had obviously come prepared!
“Ladies and gentlemen, I will not stop you from resigning, but I will send the evidence I collected to Regulus Nicholson. Your fate will be in his hands, be it bankruptcy or jail time. However, you have another choice, which is to stay and work under me. If so, I will not hold you responsible for your dirty deeds in the past. Now, it’s your choice to stay or leave.” With that, Dahlia finished her speech and stood at the side.
The senior executives exchanged sheepish looks, each one trembling in dread. It was at that moment that they realized the fearful character of the new chairman. Any hint of disdain from earlier was replaced by fear.
After moments of hesitation, the group of executives who staged a walkout quietly returned to their seats, their heads hung low, and their arrogance was wiped away.
“Amazing.” Dustin secretly admired Dahlia’s strategy of utilizing both the carrot and the stick to subjugate most of the protesting staff.
“Mr. Hoffman, do you have anything more to add?” She turned her attention back to Hank, knowing that the only way to be in complete control was to bring Hank Hoffman to his knees.
“That’s very impressive indeed.” Laughing, he clapped his hands. “Dahlia Nicholson, I have to admit that you’re quite something. But you need more than a few tricks.”
###Chapter 499 by Marina Vittori
“Oh? Mr. Hoffman, what brilliant ideas do you have now?” Dahlia asked. She had collected evidence against most of the senior executives except for him. That did not mean Hank Hoffman was innocent. Instead, he covered his tracks very well to the point that his misdeeds couldn’t be traced back to him.
“On the topic of brilliant ideas, I do have some advice for you.” With a cigar in his mouth, he went on, “To be our chairman, you need to build your reputation and capability. In short, you’ll need to make profits. That way, we will approve of you.”
The executives all nodded upon hearing that. Money makes the world go round. Their ultimate goal was to profit more.
“I have enough confidence in myself to take up the role of the chairman,” she answered nonchalantly. “I can’t promise you much, but now that I’m the chairman, all the senior executives here will see a salary increase of 50% and a 20% increase in their annual bonuses. How does that sound?”
The people started murmuring among themselves after hearing her proposal, A 50% increase in pay and a 20% increase in bonus would be considered generous.
“Dahlia, we’re practical people who do not like empty promises. Anyone can make promises.” Hank shrugged again.
Dahlia asked, “So, what do you want me to do?”
“The company is facing three huge challenges now. If you resolve all three, we will accept you as our new chairman. If not, you shall vacate the position for a more suitable candidate.” Hank started giving her trouble.
She raised a brow at his words. “What are the three? Tell me.”
“Firstly, you need to get the Flame Dragon Gang to pay their 70 million dollars worth of debt within seven days, Hank declared with a smirk. “The Flame Dragon Gang?” She was pensive. A gang that owed the Nicholson Corp. that amount of money must be difficult to handle.
“Why? Are you scared? You can turn it down if you’re scared,” Hank challenged her. However, Dahlia ignored his taunts and went straight to the point. “Tell me about the second challenge.”
“Secondly, you have to secure the Brooks Corporation’s project, which is worth 500 million dollars.”
“What about the third challenge?”
“Hah! I’ll tell you after you complete the two challenges. It would be useless otherwise.” He chortled.
“Sure. I will not shy away from challenges that involve the company. I hope that you make good on your
promise.” Dahlia reminded him.
“I am a man who keeps his word. I will approve of you if you’re capable of completing all the challenges.” He
tossed his head back.
“Great. We shall see.” She scanned the room for one last time and left, knowing that she had to show Hank
1/2
Chapter 499
what she was capable of to win him over. Otherwise, the bunch of old senior executives would never listen to
her.
‘Ladies and gentlemen, do you think that little girl can do it?” The people in the meeting room started gossiping.
“No way! We failed to get the 70 million back from the Flame Dragon Gang. How could she do it in seven days?
“Right? Everyone knows that the Flame Dragon Gang is brutal. They’ll tear her limb to limb if she knocks on their door for the money!”
“The first challenge is daunting enough for her. On top of that, she has to deal with that stubborn Brooks Corporation.”
“Mr. Hoffman, your idea of killing with a borrowed knife is pure genius!”
Hank merely smiled with the cigar between his lips in the face of the discussion in the room. He believed that a member of a Nicholson Family branch was no match for him.
Meanwhile, just as Dahlia and Dustin took their seats in the chairman’s office, a good–looking woman in uniform wandered into the office, her heels clicking as she walked.
###Chapter 500 by Marina Vittori
When they took a better look, they realized that it was Julie Amberson. “Dustin, why are you here?” Julie was surprised when she spotted him.
“Why can’t I be here? I’m the Chief Security Officer.” Dustin grabbed an apple and munched on it. “Chief Security Officer? Dahlia, are you serious? I’m just a secretary, but you appointed him as chief officer.
Why?” Julie was aghast.
“I don’t need to explain my decisions to you.” Dahlia snapped at her with a stern look.
“By the way. I’m surprised that you can still call yourself a secretary. You were 32 minutes late on your first day at the job. How unprofessional of you!” She gave Julie a chance to grow and improve her skills after being pestered by Florence and her aunt on the matter, but she was disappointed by Julie’s attitude.
“I was stuck in traffic just now. I had no choice! Anyway, I was only late for half an hour. That’s not a big deal, is it?” Julie did not take it seriously.
“Did I not ask you to wait in the meeting room with the materials half an hour before the meeting? Look at you now. You were nowhere to be seen even after the meeting ended. How dare you say that it’s not a problem?” Dahlia slammed her hands on the table in anger. “What? Is the meeting over?” Julie went blank.
“Thankfully, I memorized the details before the meeting. I would have to keep waiting if I had relied on you.”
Dahlia was irked. Her first day as chairman was crucial, but her secretary was not concerned at all. “Dahlia, it’s my fault. I will be careful in the future.” Julie’s cheeks reddened in shame.
“I’ll let this slip, but you’d better not repeat your mistake!” She warned Julie, who nodded furiously. “That’s
enough for now. Go do research on the Flame Dragon Gang for me.”
“The Flame Dragon Gang?” Julie’s pupils wavered at the mention of the gang. “Dahlia, how did you get involved with them? They’re merciless bastards!”
“Why? Have you heard of them?” Dahlia raised a brow in curiosity.
“Of course! The Flame Dragon Gang is famous for being evil in this region. Whoever gets on their bad side will suffer a horrific death!” Julie explained with a grave expression.
“They sound powerful.” Dahlia frowned.
“Dahlia, what was the debt thing you mentioned just now?” Julie prodded cautiously, and Dahlia summarized everything that happened during the board meeting.
After the brief explanation, Julie’s face fell. “D–Dahlia, are you kidding me? Are you asking the Flame Dragon Gang to pay their debt?!”
“That’s right. It’s only fair to pay your debts,” Dahlia responded with a serious face.
“Oh, Dahlia, it’s always the Flame Dragon Gang that chases after their debtors. No one has done it the other
1/2
way around!” Julie was gripped by fear. “A billionaire once reported the Flame Dragon Gang because he was angered by their lawless behavior. Guess what happened to that guy? His family of eight vanished overnight, and their bodies have not been found until now! Hank Hoffman is clearly sending you to your death by asking you to demand that the gang settle its debts! You can’t fall for it!”
“I have promised to settle this issue. I need to see this to the end,” Dahlia said somberly.
“Dahlia, is money or life more important to you? You’re putting yourself at risk by asking the gang for debt payments!” Julie panicked in the face of Dahlia’s naive determination.
“That’s enough. Stop fighting.” Dustin, who had finished his apple, dusted his hands and stood up. “The Flame Dragon Gang isn’t a big deal at all. I’ll get them to pay the 70 million in debt. I promise that you’ll get back every single cent the company has been owed!”
“You?” Julie froze before sneering. “Who do you think you are? You have some balls to ask the Flame Dragon Gang for money!”
He smiled at her. “To tell you the truth, I’m the leader of the Flame Dragon Gang.”
###Chapter 501 by Marina Vittori
Julie was taken aback before she collected herself and stared at Dustin like he was an idiot. “Are you, now? Dustin, can you stop bluffing? Who do you think you are? The audacity to claim that you’re the leader of the gang!”
“Dustin quit it. You need to behave.” Dahlia glared at him. She didn’t look convinced either. After all, Dustin had only arrived in Millsburg a few days ago. It was impossible to claim the leadership position within that time frame.
“Why would I lie to you about this? If you don’t trust me, just go with me to the Flame Dragon Gang. I’ll get your money back for you,” Dustin swore.
“Hmph! Do you take us as fools? We’ll die if we ask the gang for our money back!” Julie told him off.
“Whatever. How about I go to the Flame Dragon Gang headquarters alone without the two of you?” He couldn’t be bothered to argue with the ladies, and he thought they were overreacting to a small issue.
“Wait! I’ll go with you.” Dahlia sprang up when she noticed that Dustin was leaving.
“Dahlia, are you crazy? Are you seriously going to follow this dude and meet with the Flame Dragon Gang?” Julie was frightened and wondered if Dahlia ever listened to her warnings.
“No matter what, we need to give it a try.” Dahlia had a serious look on her face. “In the best–case scenario, we get them to pay their debts. If we can’t, well, we’ll come up with a Plan B.”
“But “No buts. If you’re scared, you don’t have to go together.” Dahlia held up a hand to stop Julie from talking them out of it.
“Yes, I’m scared, but I can’t let you face danger alone!” Julie let out a long sigh. “I’ll have to reach out to some of my contacts for your safety.”
While speaking, she made a call to someone. “Hey, darling. I need you to do me a small favor…!
Three minutes later, Julie hung up with a calmer demeanor. “Julie, I called up Terrence. He promised to help you out. He can’t guarantee that you’ll get the debts paid, but he can assure your safety.”
“Great. Thanks for going through the trouble for me. We’ll leave now. True to her word, Dahlia left with Dustin soon after.
At noon, Nelson and Hank were enjoying a casual tea break at the office of Flame Dragon Properties. A sexily- clad secretary was tending to the men with great attention.
“Lord Horst, this is a limited– edition Rolex for a successful man like you. Check it out. Do you like it?” Hank handed Nelson a gift box, which carried a watch gilded with gold.
“Not bad, Mr. Hoffman. That’s thoughtful of you.” Nelson beamed in satisfaction and asked, “What brings you here? I don’t think you’re just here to send me the watch.”
“It’s all thanks to you that our company is doing well. It’s only fair to get you a gift.” Hank suddenly changed. the topic of the conversation. “But I ran into some trouble recently, and I’ll need your help.”
“Oh? What trouble? I’m all ears.” Nelson downed the drink in his cup.
“Well, the headquarters sent a new chairman to keep us in check. The new chairman is pretty slick. To defeat her, I issued her a challenge to get you to pay the 70 million in debt. If she fails, she’ll have to vacate the position.” Hank offered a loaded description of the problem.
“I got it.” Nelson caught up fast. “You want me to teach her a lesson. Is that it?”
“Indeed!” Hank nodded with a grin. “Do whatever you like to her, as long as you keep her alive!”
“What’s the background of that new chairman?” Nelson demanded more information before he agreed to it. Although the Flame Dragon Gang was notorious in the region, they could not afford to offend certain entities- for example, the branch families of the Fabulous Five or the disciples of the Tremendous Three.
“Lord Horst, I have looked into her. She’s nothing.” Hank was confident.
###Chapter 502 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia might have the backing of Regulus Nicholson, but the patriarch in Glenstead was too far away from Balerno to pose any threat.
“Oh, it shouldn’t be a problem if she’s nothing special.” Nelson chuckled. “She’d better not show up! If she ever does, I’ll make it tough on her!” It was simply ridiculous for a person who wasn’t rich or powerful to demand money from him.
“Lord Horst, I’ll have to trouble you for this. When it’s done, I’ll send you a gift.” Hank bowed to Nelson.
“Haha! Not a problem. We’re brothers. Take it easy.” A wide smile appeared on Nelson’s face. Based on his past experiences, the mention of a “gift” would imply at least a million dollars in monetary reward.
“Lord Horst …” One of Nelson’s men knocked on the door during the conversation. Nelson raised his brows unhappily. “What? Can’t you see that I’m in a business meeting with my client?”
“A few visitors demanded to see you. They would like you to pay your debts,” the man reported the situation. “Oh, they sure act fast! Speak of the devil!” Nelson rubbed his chin.
Hank cracked a smile. “Lord Horst, I shall be the audience for your show.”
“Open your eyes wide and see how I teach her a lesson!” With a slap on the table, Nelson rose and marched out of the room. At the same time, Hank went to the window and watched the situation unfold from the gap between the curtains.
Meanwhile, Dahlia was standing at the entrance to the Flame Dragon Properties with Dustin to her left and Julie to her right.
“Dahlia, should we call it off? Look at the men in there! They are scowling and glaring at us. It’s so terrifying!” Julie cowered behind them and swallowed hard in fear. The Flame Dragon Gang was known for its
ruthlessness, and she was gravely concerned that the gang might sexually assault her after she entered their nest.
“We’re already at the entrance. We can’t give up at the last minute, right?” Dahlia, however, was calm and composed.
“Dahlia, the gang is violent! What if Julie stammered because, at that moment, she saw Nelson emerging with a bunch of men in tow, ready to fight. She was shaking at the sight of his contracted brows and his deathlike stare.
“Who’s the daredevil who asks me to pay up?” Nelson marched forward fearlessly.
“It’s me.” Dahlia took a step forward and announced in a shrill voice, “Lord Horst, it’s only fair to pay your debts. It’s time for you to pay the 70 million you owe to my company.”
“Haha! You’re quite bold!” Cackling, Nelson gestured at the men. “Someone get me my saber!”
“Yes, Sir!” The men replied and immediately hauled out a brass ring saber for him.
“Crap! We’re done for!” Looking pale, Julie seemed ready to faint. Similarly, Dahlia was nervous about Nelson’s Chaucer SIZ actions.
“Hmph! They overestimated themselves!” A gleeful smile spread on Hank’s face as he stared down from the windows above.
“Nelson Horst, are you seriously going to slash people when you’re in the wrong for not paying your debts?” Dustin suddenly emerged from behind Dahlia.
“Hmm?” When Nelson saw Dustin, he appeared to be struck by lightning and dropped the brass ring saber
onto the ground. Realizing the gravity of their situation, he turned around and slapped one of his men on the face as he yelled, “Why the fuck did you even bring that saber to me? Quick! Get me a check!”
###Chapter 503 by Marina Vittori
“What?” The man was in a state of confusion after being slapped. He held his cheek, looking lost. The other men exchanged looks of shock. No one had expected that outburst from Nelson, who one second ago was screaming about slashing the visitors. And the next second, Nelson appeared frightened, as though he saw ghosts. What was going on?
“What are you doing there? Hurry up and get me the check!” Nelson gave the frozen man a nervous kick.
“Okay…” The man hurriedly stumbled his way back to the office. He had no clue about the situation, but one thing was for sure–Lord Horst was fearful.
During the wait, Nelson went up to Dustin and squeezed an apologetic smile. “Sir Rhys, when did you arrive? You should have informed me earlier, so I could send someone to pick you up.”
“Sir Rhys?” Dahlia and Julie were stunned by Nelson’s obsequious behavior. They looked at each other in disbelief. Why would the cruel Lord Horst of the Flame Dragon Gang act in such a humble manner after meeting Dustin?
“Nelson Horst, it’s only fair that you pay off the debts of the Flame Dragon Gang. Understood?” Dustin scolded Nelson. The latter nodded fervently as he wiped the sweat off his forehead. “Right, Sir Rhys, you’re right. I was acting without thinking just now. I promise I won’t do that again.”
“That’d better be the case. By the way, you were a hooligan just now. You should apologize to the debtor.”
Dustin warned him.
“Chairman Nicholson, I’m very sorry. I was rude to you just now, and I can only hope that you show me grace and forgive me this time.” Nelson plastered a smile on his face as he continuously bowed and apologized. However, his behavior came unexpectedly for Dahlia. She had mentally prepared herself to fight a gangster, but never had she expected the fierce–looking Lord Horst to turn into a tame animal this soon.
She wasn’t the only one who received a great shock. To be honest, Julie was at a loss for words as well. She
questioned if Nelson Horst was still the same man as the notorious and formidable Lord Horst she knew.
“Lord Horst, I’m only here to collect the debts. Please forgive me if I offended you in any way.” Dahlia politely
responded to him.
“Don’t say that! It’s all my fault for owing you the payments in the first place.” Nelson was rather surprised and moved by her manners. Anyone could tell that Dustin and Dahlia shared an unusual relationship. Nelson revered and feared his new leader at the same time.
“Lord Horst, the money’s here.” The man returned in a hurry, carrying a check in his hand. Nelson wiped the sweat off his forehead and carefully handed Dahlia the check.
He said with much respect, “Chairman Nicholson, this is the amount I owed you. Please take a look.”
“80 million?” When she checked the figures, she was slightly surprised at the extra money. “Lord Horst, did you accidentally pay me more?”
“No, no, I didn’t. I’ve owed you the money for a while now. Just see it as interest payments.” Nelson smiled at her.
Chapter 503
Dahlia was speechless; this was just perplexing and troubling. She was grateful and lucky enough to have
recovered the 70 million in debt, but now, she received 10 million more.
“Dahlia, since it’s for the interest payment, you should accept it,” Dustin chimed in.
“That’s right. Chairman Nicholson, please accept the check, so I can sleep well tonight.” Nelson had at pleading look on his face.
“Well, okay then. Thank you, Lord Horst, for your generosity and help.” No longer insisting, Dahlia pocketed the check. She could tell that Dustin was the sole reason behind Nelson’s humble attitude, and she couldn’t help but wonder if Dustin was telling the truth earlier today.
“Nelson Horst, keep in mind what you said today.” After warning Nelson once again, Dustin left with Dahlia and Julie.
###Chapter 504 by Marina Vittori
“Have a good day, Sir Rhys!” Nelson bowed deeply to the trio as they left. “Have a good day. Sir Rhys!” The members of the Flame Dragon Gang mimicked Nelson and chanted loudly.
Hank had run down to the first floor from his viewing point when he figured that something was off. He confronted Nelson. “Lord Horst, what’s wrong? Why did you pay her back?”
Nelson had promised to teach Dahlia a lesson, but upon the meeting. Nelson obediently paid the debts without a word of protest. Since when were the Flame Dragon Gang such losers?
“Oh, ‘why‘ you fucking ask?” Nelson turned around and glowered as he hissed, “Did you know who’s the guy beside that lady just now?”
“Wasn’t he just a bodyguard? What’s so special about that?” Hank frowned, confused by Nelson’s reaction.
“Just a bodyguard?!” After the initial shock, Nelson smacked Hank hard on the back of his head and rebuked, ” You blind fuckwit! That’s our new gang leader!”
“What? Your new gang leader?” Hank was stunned.
“Son of a bitch! I almost died because of you. Don’t you ever show up in front of me. Now, get lost!” Incandescent with rage, Nelson flung the Rolex watch in Hank’s face. Hank was simmering with anger but dared not talk back. So, he left with his tail between his legs. Never had he expected Dahlia to be acquainted with a powerful figure like Dustin.
“Dustin, are you really the new leader of the Flame Dragon Gang?” Unable to suppress her curiosity, Dahlia blurted out the question. She was still in disbelief, but she figured out that something was not quite right judging from Nelson’s behavior.
“You saw it with your own eyes just now. How could that be fake?” Dustin shrugged his shoulders.
“I mean, how did you become the leader?” She gave him a funny look.
“I was acknowledged for my outstanding moral integrity. Did you seriously think I fought my way to the
position?” He asked her with a straight face.
“Is that true?” She shot him a doubtful glance. He gave her a half–smile. “What do you think?”
“Whatever. I don’t care how you ended up as the leader, but I only have one thing to ask of you–do not stir
trouble!” She stared at him with a serious face.
“Don’t worry. I won’t hurt others as long as they don’t hurt me. From now on, the Flame Dragon Gang will not
commit any sort of crime,” he vowed.
“That’s good to hear that.” She let out a relieved sigh. Before this, she was genuinely worried that Dustin had been led astray and committed crimes like murder or robbery.
“Dustin Rhys, I couldn’t tell that you were related to the Flame Dragon Gang!” Julie suddenly spoke up. “But you shouldn’t get ahead of yourself. The gang isn’t made up of good guys, and they will get themselves into
1/2
trouble sooner or later. I advise you to get back on the right path before you get arrested and jailed for some crime.”
“You don’t have to worry about that. Just take care of yourself,” he replied blandly.
“Hmph! You little ingrate!” Julie pouted. Even though she held Dustin in higher regard, he was still far behind Terrence.
“Alright now. Stop the bickering. We have settled the first challenge, but that still leaves us with the second challenge–the business deal with Brooks Corporation.” Dahlia steered the conversation.
“Dahlia, I can’t promise to be of help in most cases, but I can totally help you out on this one!” Julie patted her chest confidently.
“What’s your plan?” Dahlia was curious to know.
“Have you forgotten that my Terrence is a manager at the Brooks Corporation? If he’s willing to speak up for us, there’s no deal we can’t seal!” Julie sounded proud.
“Is that so?” Dahlia’s eyes lit up with joy.
“Of course!” Julie put on a smug smile. “Given Terrence’s connections, he’ll only need to put in a good word, and it’s a done deal!”
Hearing that, Dustin smiled wryly and gave them a shake of the head. “Oh, you shouldn’t get ahead of yourself, Julie. Terrence can’t even save his own ass in that company. How is he going to help Dahlia?”
###Chapter 505 by Marina Vittori
“What? What do you mean he can’t save his own ass?! What nonsense is that?” Julie glared at him crossly. She was annoyed with the way Dustin had poured cold water on her suggestion. “If I’m not wrong. Terrence Stone will be fired by the Brooks Corporation today,” Dustin proclaimed breezily.
“Bullshit!” Julie was irked by his prediction. “Our Terrence is good at his job. Why would he get fired?”
“Whether you believe it or not, it’s all up to you. Anyway. Terrence Stone can’t help us on the second challenge. “Dustin shrugged.
“If he can’t help, are you saying that you can do it? What a joke! Julie stared at him icily, thinking that he was only a reckless man who shouldn’t be bragging around.
“Sorry to tell you, but I can do what Terrence Stone can’t.” Dustin grinned at her.
“Oh, you’re getting cocky now, aren’t you?” Julie was burning with rage.
“Dustin Rhys, I wanted to respect you, but if you’re such an arrogant twat, I’ll prove you wrong!” Then, she immediately made a call to Terrence and told him the situation, albeit embellished with dramatic elements.
“What? Is he saying that I’d get fired? That’s hilarious! I’m in a position of authority in the company. No one
can touch me here!” Terrence scoffed with arrogance.
“Terrence, this brat is looking down on you. Why don’t you show him the power of your professional
connections today?” Julie fanned the fire.
“No problem! It’s just a business contract, right? I’ll make a call to Mr. Suzman, the manager of the Sales Department, and I’ll get him to settle it for you. Just come to the office and sign the contract!” Terrence was bursting with confidence.
*Terrence, thank you for your help!” Delighted, Julie hung up and tossed her hair. “Weren’t you acting all smug just now? Do you want to go with me to the Brooks Corporation office?”
“I don’t see why not.” Dustin was nonchalant.
“Great! I will show you the difference between you and Terrence today.” Julie sneered at him. Brook Corporation, with hundreds of billions worth of assets, was the most prominent company in Millsburg. Even
the notorious Flame Dragon Gang was nothing compared to Brooks Corporation. Terrence was not only the manager at the company–he had strong backing from some higher–ups there. Openly challenging Terrence
was a futile and humiliating attempt.
30 minutes later, the elevator doors at the entrance of the Brooks Corporation Sales Department slid open with
a chime, and the trio emerged from the elevator.
“Dahlia, this is the place. Terrence has given them a heads–up. I’m sure everything will go fine.” Feeling confident, Julie went to the front desk and rapped her knuckles on the tabletop in a conceited manner. “Hey
Get Mr. Suzman for us! Just tell him that his guests have arrived.”
1
Chapter 505
“Excuse me. Do you have an appointment?” The front desk staff inquired politely.
“Only regular visitors need appointments. We don’t.” Julie argued.
“I’m sorry. Our manager has informed us not to let any visitors in unless they have made an appointment.” The
secretary shook her head.
“You need to be more sensible! Do you know who I am? Or who my darling is? How dare you speak to me like
that?” Julie glared at the secretary.
At that moment, a slightly overweight middle–aged man walked out of the office. Dressed in a suit, he
appeared distant and authoritative. “What’s with the commotion?”
“Mr. Suzman, you have a few visitors who insisted on meeting you despite not having an appointment,” the secretary hurriedly explained.
“Haven’t I told you before? I’m not seeing anyone without an appointment! Get them out of here!” The man waved his hand impatiently. He would have no time left if he were to entertain every single visitor who didn’t have an appointment.
“Sir, madam, please leave, or I’ll have to call security.” The secretary urged them to leave.
###Chapter 506 by Marina Vittori
“Wait!” Julie ran up to the middle–aged man just as he was about to leave. “Mr. Suzman, you might not know me, but you must know Terrence Stone.”
*Terrence Stone?” The man lifted an eyebrow. “What do you three have to do with him?”
*Terrence is my boyfriend!” Julie beamed proudly. “Mr. Suzman, I believe that he has already given you a heads -up. Now, can we go to your office?”
“No, you can’t.” The man put on a frosty look. “I’ll repeat: you have to make an appointment to meet with me.”
“What?” Julie was slightly taken aback by his attitude. “Mr. Suzman, did you not hear me? I’m Terrence’s girlfriend, and I’m here to talk business.”
“So what?” The man snickered. “Even if it were Terrence who came to see me, he’d have to make an
appointment too!”
“You-” Julie choked on anger and refused to believe that Mr. Suzman would shut her out. He wouldn’t even budge at the mention of Terrence.
“Julie, it looks like name–dropping won’t work around here.” Dustin flashed her a half–smile. Her eyes twitched, and her expression crumbled. She showed up confidently, only to be let down.
Still she glanced at the man. “Mr. Suzman, you’re colleagues with Terrence. Do you want to get on bad terms with him?”
“So what? Get lost now, or else!” The man bellowed at them. Julie’s cheeks burned in shame as she huffed
and puffed. “You’re a bully!”
“Cole Suzman! Acting like you’re something, aren’t you?” Terrence snorted and marched toward the group.
Julie was overjoyed to see her boyfriend and instantly went up to him and started complaining. “Terrence, you came at the right time! I was bullied by that guy just now!”
“Yes, I saw everything. Let me handle this from here.” He nodded and cast a sharp look at the middle–aged man. “Cole Suzman, you’re getting bolder these days. I haven’t seen you in a few days, and now, you don’t
even show me respect.”
“And who are you? Why do you deserve my respect?” Cole Suzman wore an indifferent expression,
“Hah, you’re acting like you don’t have a clue.” Terrence sneered at him. “Suzman, apologize to my girlfriend now, or I’ll make you regret it! Don’t blame me for not giving you a chance!*
“Hmph! Did you hear him? Apologize to me now! Julie grinned gleefully. Although both men were managers. Terrence had stronger support from upper management. Getting on top of Cole Suzman was a piece of cake for him.
“Terrence Stone, are you dumb or what? Do you think you deserve an apology from me? Who do you think you are, the human resources manager?” Cole merely smirked at the ridiculous demand.
“What?!” Frowning, Terrence questioned, “What was that?”
“Ah, it looks like you’re still in the dark. The company issued a notice this morning to fire you and put you under investigation immediately. You are no longer a manager now.” Cole informed him.
“What did you say? Fired and put under investigation? How could that be?!” Terrence’s expression stiffened.
“Don’t trust me? Just check your phone. They should have sent the notice of termination to you by now.” Cole snickered.
Terrence quickly checked his phone, and he seemed to be struck by lightning. Sweating profusely, he realized that he had indeed been fired.
###Chapter 507 by Marina Vittori
“H–how could that be? I– impossible!” Terrence’s eyes were bulging with disbelief. Although he did not put much effort into the job, at least he didn’t make any mistakes. On top of that, he was carefree during his time with the company because he had the backing of the higher–ups. Given his social connections, it wouldn’t make sense for him to get fired. He couldn’t wrap his head around the situation.
“Terrence, you’re fired?” Julie was bug– eyed when she noticed the change in Terrence’s expression. He had promised her the business contract, but how did he end up losing his job instead?
“It looks like there’s trouble.” Dahlia furrowed her brows and appeared pensive. She had pinned her hopes on Terrence, but he wouldn’t be of any help anymore.
“Cole Suzman, be honest–were you playing dirty behind my back?” Terrence fixed his gaze on Cole.
“Why would I do so when there’s nothing between us? Plus, even if I wanted, I wouldn’t have the power to do that. You should look at yourself for the reason,” Cole said impassionately. He had long been frustrated by employees who were coasting at work, and he was more than pleased to see Terrence fired.
“Bullshit! No one else could have done that except for you! You must have ratted on me!” Terrence glowered at him. He had embezzled money when he was on the job, and Cole must have found the evidence.
“Well, if you insist on thinking so, I can’t do anything about it.” Cole could not be bothered to explain himself. After all, he couldn’t care less since Terrence was no longer an employee.
“You’re wicked, Cole Suzman!” Terrence’s features contorted into a threatening scowl. “If you think you’ve won, you’re wrong! I’ll let you know–I have backing within the company. Even if I’m fired today, I will get rehired
tomorrow!”
“Oh, really? And who’s that person backing you?” Cole questioned him.
“You might want to sit down for this. My uncle is the CEO of the company!” Terrence announced proudly.
“That explains why a guy like you would work your way into a managerial role. It’s all thanks to your connection!” Cole’s expression fell He heard about Terrence’s jaw–dropping social connections, but he never thought that Terrence was a relative of the CEO. He worried that he might be in trouble.
“Are you afraid now?” Terrence sneered.
“Suzman, if you were the one who ratted me out, you made the dumbest mistake in your life. Apologize to me now, or you’ll be the one who’s kicked out tomorrow!” Given his uncle’s authority in the company, getting rid of a manager was an easy task.
“Terrence Stone, don’t be smug. Do you think you can do as you wish just because you have connections?” Cole frowned disapprovingly.
“That’s right! I can do anything I wish with the backing of my uncle. Why? Are you unhappy about it? What are you going to do?” Terrence threw his head back and laughed, knowing that he’d be fine in any crisis as long as his uncle was in the company.
“Terrence, I didn’t know your uncle was the CEO! That’s amazing!” Julle gave him a look of adoration. A department manager was nothing compared to the CEO.
Chapter 507
“Hmph, I’m doing well in the company, it’s all thanks to my connections!” Terrence held his head high.
“See that. Dahlia? That’s how amazing Terrence’s connections are! He can easily take care of a business
contract for us!” Looking conceited, Julie turned her attention to Dustin. “Dustin, do you have anything else to
say? Are you convinced now?”
Dustin just smiled back at her. At first, Terrence was the only one who got into trouble. After this commotion,
Terrence unknowingly dragged his uncle down. He bet Terrence’s uncle would cry at the thought of having
Terrence as his nephew.
“Suzman, what are you standing there for? I said to apologize to me now! I can take everything from you by making just one call!” Terrence grew aggressive.
“You’d better not go too far!” Cole shot him a stern look.
“So what if I do? I can afford to do that anyway!” Terrence snickered.
Cole stammered at his audacity. “Y–you-”
Terrence wasn’t wrong–he was able to do what he liked with the CEO’s backing.
“You ran into a wall didn’t you? It’s all your fault for being cocky, and it’s too late to regret your actions now!” Julie smirked gleefully.
###Chapter 508 by Marina Vittori
For Terrence, it was an exciting moment for him to show off his authority in front of everyone. However, things changed when Cole received a text on his phone. Cole was momentarily caught off guard by the content and checked it a few times before breaking into a grin.
“Why are you smiling?” Terrence had a haughty look on his face. “Terrence Stone, say goodbye to your good life. I just received a company– wide notice stating that your uncle has been terminated as well. You’re both on a sinking ship together. You’re finished!” Cole declared boldly.
“Bullshit!” Terrence shot him a glare. “My uncle is the CEO. Who would have the guts to fire him?”
“Mr. Brooks did that, of course.” Cole said righteously.
“Nonsense!” Terrence refused to believe it. “My uncle is one of Mr. Brooks‘ right– hand men. Why would he be fired for no good reason? You should stop spewing lies!”
“It’s up to you if you believe it or not.” Cole didn’t want to waste time with Terrence anymore. Although he had no clue about what happened behind the scenes, it was clear that Terrence and his backing within the company were both removed.
“Are you trying to trick me now? Great! I’ll call my uncle now and get him to teach you a lesson.” While speaking. Terrence pulled out his phone, ready to tell on Cole, but he was stopped short when he heard a
scream coming from the entrance. “Terrence Stone!”
A man dressed in a suit with a bald spot on his head charged in.
“Uncle?” Terrence’s eyes lit up in delight, and he cackled. “Suzman, you’re dead meat! My uncle’s here. No one can save you now.”
Then, he readily jogged toward the man. “Uncle, you showed up at the right time! That Suzman guy is a two- faced snake. He’s purposely shifting the blame onto me. You’ve got to stand up for me this time!”
“Stand up for you? How about you fuck off!” The man’s nostrils flared, and he slapped Terrence across the cheeks, sending the latter tumbling onto the ground. One might think he had a vendetta against Terrence
based on his furious expression.
“Why did you hit me?” Terrence pressed a hand on his cheek helplessly. Julie and the others quietly exchanged looks of confusion.
“Oh, if only I could tear you into pieces!” The man unleashed his wrath on Terrence. “Who the fuck did you insult this time? I am in hot water because of you!”
“What happened?” Terrence was utterly lost.
“How dare you fucking ask me?” The man was a ball of fire as he gave Terrence a second slap. “Mr. Brooks fired me all because of you! I have to clear my desk; worst of all, I’m about to be investigated!”
“What? What happened?” Terrence froze. How could his uncle, the pillar of support for the company, be kicked out all of a sudden?
“Don’t you know what you did?” The man continued impatiently. “Didn’t you call Mr. Brooks yesterday and insult him in various ways?”
“Yesterday?” After a slight pause, Terrence suddenly came to a realization. He recalled that he had chided a man named Big Bucks Brooks over Dustin’s phone. Was that guy the real deal, not a scammer as he had believed?
“Oh, I’m done for thought Terrence, who slumped onto the floor with a ghastly look on his face.
###Chapter 509 by Marina Vittori
“How could that happen?” Terrence slumped onto the ground as he grew despondent. He did not expect Roderick Brooks, his boss, to be the subject of his wrath yesterday. Not only was he fired, but he also dragged his uncle down with him as they got kicked out of the company.
“You brat! What are you standing there for? Come with me to apologize to Mr. Brooks now! The man grabbed Terrence by the hair and violently dragged him out. The whole time, a cowering Terrence didn’t utter even a single word of protest.
“What?” Julie’s jaw dropped to the ground at the sight of it. It was hard to fathom how Terrence had fallen from a place of authority and honor to one of shame.
“He totally deserved that! It was his fault for acting like a thug!” Cole scoffed and disappeared into his office.
“Your dear Terrence can’t even save himself,” Dustin remarked with amusement.
“It’s all because of you and your stupid predictions! He wouldn’t have been fired if it weren’t for you!” Julie started to lose it.
“How do you even pin that on me? You’re unbelievable.” Dustin shook his head, thinking that Terrence deserved everything that had happened. One could see it coming because of Terrence’s impudence, which was fueled by his faith in his uncle’s power and backing.
“That’s enough. Can both of you shut up for a moment? Our top priority is to figure out a solution to that challenge!” Dahlia reminded them of the matter at hand.
“Dahlia, I think we have no choice but to get back and brainstorm. Terrence is fired, and Mr. Suzman isn’t going to budge.” Sighing. Julie decided that this was her unlucky day, suffering one loss after another.
“What’s the point of heading back when we’ve already made our way here? Isn’t it just a business deal? Leave it to me,” Dustin remarked.
“You?” Julie scanned him from head to toe with a disdainful look. “Who do you think you are? Do you think you could do whatever Terrence failed to do? Stop kidding me!”
“He failed to help, but that doesn’t mean I’ll fail too.” Dustin smiled at her. “I’m acquainted with Roderick Brooks. This shouldn’t be too difficult.”
“You? How could you be a friend of Roderick Brooks? You’re a fool.” Julie did not believe any words that came from him. Roderick Brooks was the top business magnate in Millsburg. A man of his wealth and power was godlike and out of reach for the average citizen.
“You don’t believe me? I’ll call him up.” Instead of explaining further, Dustin immediately went into action.
“Hello? Mr. Brooks; I have a favor to ask of you. A friend of mine wanted to collaborate with Brooks Corporation. I hope you’ll consider her proposal.”
“Mr. Rhys, don’t mention It! A business deal is just a small matter! I can even hand the company over to you if that makes you happy. Where are you? I’ll send someone to pick you up.” Roderick sounded very friendly.
“It’s alright. I’m at the Sales Department of Brooks Corporation. Just send a word and get Mr. Suzman to
7/2
assist me.” Dustin replied,
“No problem! On it!”
“Thanks.” After exchanging some formalities, Dustin hung up and turned around. “It’s done. We can sign the business contract soon.”
“That’s some good acting. Do you really think that someone will agree on a 500 million dollar megadeal over a phone call? Stop daydreaming!” Julie smirked.
“Oh well. Let’s head home now. We’ll talk about the business deal tomorrow.” Dahlia gave Julle a soft shake of the head. They were at the center of attention at that moment, and with each second they stayed there, they’d only humiliate themselves more. She did not take Dustin’s words seriously, thinking that he was only putting on the act for his ego.
“What’s the rush? We’ll get it done if we wait for a little while.” Dustin reassured them.
“Are you telling me to wait here?” Julie snickered. “Even if you kneel here for a day, you will not get the attention of Mr. Suzman.”
###Chapter 510 by Marina Vittori
Right after that, they heard a click as the door to the manager’s office flung open. Then, Cole ran out in a great hurry and almost stumbled over.
“Who’s Dustin Rhys? Is there a Mr. Rhys here?” He searched high and low with an anxious look. “That’s me.” Dustin took a few steps forward.
“Mr. Rhys, I’m so sorry for not recognizing you just now. I didn’t properly greet and receive you and your guests. Please forgive me.” Cole jogged up, his previous arrogance wiped off as he bowed deeply at Dustin.
His respectful demeanor came as a surprise for Julie and Dahlia. A while ago, Cole was acting all righteous and refused to show Terrence leniency. Why did he suddenly grovel at Dustin? They were left scratching their heads at the reason behind his abrupt change.
“Mr. Suzman, that wasn’t necessary. Let’s talk business.” Dustin went straight to the point.
“Right, rightCole nodded furiously and plastered a smile on his face. “Ladies and gentlemen, this way. please.”
“Ladies first.” Beaming, Dustin led a confused–looking Dahlia into the manager’s office. Cole immediately served tea and ordered his secretary to print out the contract. He was extremely attentive, as he was told they were VIP guests of Mr. Brooks. Ten minutes later, they had a deal following a smooth discussion.
When Dahlia wandered out of the office with the signed contract in her hand, she felt like she was deep in a daze. Never in her wildest dreams had she expected the deal to proceed this smoothly. Without unnecessary exchanges, the staff from Brooks Corporation merely asked for her signature on that 500 million deal. In fact, it was so ridiculous that she would question the veracity of the process if she had not witnessed it.
“Dustin, how did you pull that off?” Dahlia glanced at the hero of the day with a bewildered expression.
“I told you I am acquainted with Roderick Brooks, and he’d probably do me a favor,” Dustin was cool about it.
“A–and how did you get to know him?” Julle blurted out. It was unbelievable that Dustin would be acquainted with Roderick Brooks.
“I treated his illness, which I mentioned to you yesterday, but you didn’t believe me.” He shrugged.
“You treated him? That’s some dumb luck!” Julie shot him a funny look.
“That’s why you shouldn’t look down on people.” Dustin casually reminded her.
“What’s so great about that?” Julie rolled her eyes in disdain. “You treated Big Bucks Brooks‘ illness thanks to some dumb luck! Sure, he repaid your help by doing you a favor, but it won’t be easy to ask him for help the second time!”
Roderick Brooks had returned the favor to Dustin, and common sense dictated that it wouldn’t be appropriate to keep asking for favors after that. Dustin might have played the hero on that day, but that might not happen again the next time.
“No matter what, we have to thank Dustin for his help today.” A smile lightened Dahlia’s face. ‘Tell me your wish, and I’ll try my best to fulfill it.”
“My wish?” That suggestion caught him off guard. “I haven’t thought of any. I’ll let you know when something pops up.”
“Sure. I owe you one.” She chuckled.
While they were chatting. Dustin’s phone started ringing. When he picked up, he heard Natasha’s voice from the other end. “Dustin! This is bad! Our family’s in trouble!”
###Chapter 511 by Marina Vittori
It was afternoon when Dustin arrived at the Harmon estate in a hurry after getting the news. He was greeted by the sight of armed soldiers surrounding the compound. Hundreds of armed men from the elite forces of the Harmon Family guarded the entrance in what appeared to be a standoff, and both sides weren’t about to back. down.
“Harmons, I will make myself clear– hand over the suspect, or we’ll subject everyone to the same punishment! “The commander–in–charge bellowed, his full voice echoing through the compound. Behind him, the soldiers stood stiffly while holding their guns. Once the commander gave his orders, these soldiers would shoot mercilessly.
“What’s all this about?” Dustin frowned at the violent confrontation. He wondered how the Harmons got involved with the military.
“Sir, what calls for the mobilization of these forces?” Dustin went up to him and questioned.
“I was ordered to capture the suspect. Unrelated personnel please leave the grounds right now!” The commander barked in his face.
“Mr. Rhys, you’re here! Please, come on in!” Jack, the butler, immediately spotted Dustin and asked that the elite forces make way for Dustin to enter. The crowd parted before swiftly closing up the path again after Dustin made his way into the building.
“Listen up, people in there! I’ll give you half an hour. If you refuse to hand the suspect over, do not blame us for
forcing our way in there!” The commander gave his final warning, but the elite forces did not budge at all, even
if they had to risk death.
“Mr. Rhys, Ms. Harmon is in the meeting room. Please come with me.” Jack ignored the commander’s threats and led the way. A perplexed Dustin followed closely behind him.
The meeting room of the Harmon estate was filled to the brim. The core members of the family convened at
the venue. They were whispering to each other.
Meanwhile, Trent Harmon sighed with a troubled expression while Jacob Harmon paced the room. apprehensively. Natasha and a few others stayed by the side of an unconscious Hector Harmon.
“Natasha, what’s wrong?” Dustin showed up in the room with a solemn look.
“Dustin, you’ve arrived at the right time! Please check on my dad!” Natasha’s face lit up, and she frantically
pulled Dustin over to a pale and sweaty Hector, who had blood stains on his outfit.
Without further ado, Dustin performed a detailed checkup on Hector and announced, “Your dad is weak
because he has recently recovered from a grave illness. To top that off, he was drinking like a fish, and that’s
why he fainted. He should be fine.”
“That’s good to hear.” A relieved sigh escaped from Jessica’s lips.
“Can you wake him up?” Natasha asked.
“Yes, but I wouldn’t recommend that. It would be best to just let him rest,” Dustin replied.
1/2
Chapter 511
“We’re running out of time! We need to wake him up, or else the family will be doomed!” Natasha did not look like she was joking.
“Is it that serious?” Eyes twitching, he immediately took three needles and inserted them into Hector’s
pressure points between the brows, near the front hairline, and right under his nose. Soon after, Hector’s eyes fluttered open.
“Dad! Do you recall what happened last night?” Natasha immediately asked.
“Last night?” Hector rubbed his head and said groggily. “Last night, it was the birthday event of the regional deputy chief, Sir Moran. I was drinking at his place. Why?”
###Chapter 512 by Marina Vittori
“Dad, did you do anything else than drink?” Natasha pressed on.
“What do you mean?” He was puzzled by her questions.
“Dad, think carefully! You can’t make a mistake here!” She was dead serious.
“I think I blacked out from drinking. I can’t remember a thing. What happened?” Hector frowned softly. Natasha finally dropped the bomb. “Dad, Sir Moran’s daughter was dead!”
“She’s dead?” He was stunned by the news. “How did that happen?”
“We don’t have the details yet, but rumors had it that you were the murderer!” Natasha informed him.
“Did they say I was the murderer?” He was completely lost. Eyes bulging, he shook his head vehemently.
“No, that’s impossible! No matter how drunk I am, I would not kill someone!” He might be a lightweight, but he was a well–behaved drunk. Normally, he’d be dead asleep after he was drunk and never made a scene.
“I don’t believe them either, but witnesses claimed they saw you murder her. Sir Moran’s forces are at our door, and they will force their way in at any time! Think carefully! Did you do it or not?” Natasha growled. The regional deputy chief was the third–in–command in Millsburg, and he had the power to ruin the Harmons with
a command.
“I–I really can’t recall a thing, but I believe that I would never do that.” Hector furrowed his brows.
“Gosh, Hector, what’s that good for? Sir Moran doesn’t believe that!” Trent shook his head slowly.
“Yeah, Trent, how could you black out from drinking at someone’s birthday event? You do not have self–control at all!” Jacob seemed disappointed and furious at his sibling. The family had enough on their plate, and the new accusation added insult to injury.
“Uncle Hector, turn yourself in if you were the culprit. Don’t drag your family into it.” At that moment, a slender and alluring beauty emerged from the crowd. She was Trent’s eldest daughter, Kate. Trent had a son and daughter, but after Quentin’s death, Kate immediately came to her father’s side from Stonia.
*Kate Harmon, stop spewing nonsense! My dad is not a murderer!” Ruth glared at her cousin.
“Better not get ahead of yourself. It’s not uncommon for drunk people to commit crimes accidentally. If Uncle Hector is innocent, why would Sir Moran send his men to arrest him?” Kate remarked as if stating the obvious.
Ruth was dumbfounded, “You-”
The accusation might be hard to believe, but there was always a dreadful possibility that it might be true. The problem was that Hector could not recall any memories from that night.
“Could someone have pinned the murder on him?” Dustin blurted out.
Natasha, deep in her thoughts, said, “The possibility has crossed my mind, but I don’t have evidence for now. We need a detailed investigation,” It was too much of a coincidence for the murder to happen at that point. She had reason to suspect foul play.
Chapter 512
“I heard that Sir Moran’s daughter was murdered after being sexually assaulted. Uncle Hector, did you get
horny after you were drunk and took advantage of her?” Kate dropped another odd speculation.
“Bullshit! My dad is not a rapist!” Ruth instantly jumped up and down with anger. Natasha and Jessica, though
quiet, both frowned at the allegation, Kate was an impertinent young lady.
“Kate, stop that nonsense!” Trent berated his daughter. “Your Uncle Hector is a good man. He’ll never do
anything like that. Someone must have framed him!”
“You’ll never know what a man’s like behind the back. Who knows?” Kate’s reply was loaded.
“That’s enough! Are you going to add to the mess that this family is already in?” Natasha finally chastised
Kate.
Kate merely sneered. “You shouldn’t be yelling at me. Start worrying about cleaning up your dad’s mess.”
“You” Natasha was on the verge of an outburst when Jack ran in with urgency. “Ms. Harmon, things are bad!
The soldiers out there have barged in!”
###Chapter 513 by Marina Vittori
“They barged in?” Natasha’s expression dropped. “Quick! Get Deone to stop them!” Before the truth prevailed, she would never allow them to arrest her dad. “Stop!” Suddenly. Hector yelled at Jack, “Let them in. No one shall stand in their way!”
“Dad, what are you doing?” Natasha frowned. “The truth will speak for itself. I have nothing to fear if I didn’t commit the crime.” Hector declared loud and clear.
“But “Have you ever given it some thought? If I make a move now, I’ll never clear my name.” Hector wore a somber expression on his face. Fighting against Sir Moran’s forces could be perceived as resisting arrest, or, worse, staging a revolt. The Harmons could not afford to be accused of this grave crime.
“Hector’s right. We can’t butt heads with them. Tell all the Harmon disciples to stand aside!” Jacob yelled.
“Yes, sir.” Jack helplessly took the orders. Natasha and the rest were worried, but they were aware of the
importance of not adding fuel to the fire. Otherwise, the confrontation might spiral out of control
“Where’s Hector Harmon?” The commander, dressed in uniform, marched up to the doors of the meeting room
with a large number of armed soldiers behind him. These were troopers who were in service, and their
murderous air sent chills down one’s spine.
“I am Hector Harmon. Sir, what are you here for?” Hector calmly greeted the commander and his men.
“You sullied Sir Moran’s daughter and brutally murdered her! We are under orders to arrest you for trial!” The
commander announced icily.
“Nonsense! My dad never killed a soul. You must have gotten it wrong!” Ruth instantly protested.
“Sir, my husband has been a morally upright man. He couldn’t have committed such a huge sin. He must have been framed!” Jessica fought for her husband.
“That’s right! Our patriarch must have been framed!” The family members immediately voiced their support for Hector Harmon, who was known for his honorable character. No one else in the family could claim to be more
virtuous than Hector.
“Framed him? That’s a joke!” The commander’s face was taut. “We have solid evidence that clears all the doubts. Those who are not involved, please leave the scene now!”
“Sir, you claimed that my dad is guilty. But where’s the evidence? You need a reason to arrest him, isn’t that
right?” Natasha questioned the commander.
He bellowed, “The witness account is clear evidence of Hector Harmon murdering the young lady when he
was drunk!”
“A witness can be bought. With money, one can forge a witness statement. It’s pretty common,” Natasha
argued. She was displeased by how they wanted to charge Hector over the words of a few witnesses.
1/2
Chapter 513
“Is a witness‘ account unreliable? Alright, then! I’ll show you some physical evidence!” The commander played
a video on his phone. The angle of the footage resembled that of a surveillance camera. In the video, one could see a stocky man assaulting a young lady in her prime. First, he sullied her, followed by suffocating her
to death. His actions were inhumane and would incur wrath from anyone.
After choking the lady to death, the man turned around and showed his face. It was Hector Harmon.
“H–how is that possible?” Everyone looked horrified when they saw Hector in the lootage. They never expected that he was the real criminal after all! One could buy off witnesses, but it was hard to create physical evidence out of thin air! Still, the revelation was too shocking, and everyone struggled to process it.
“T– that’s impossible! My dad would never kill someone!” Ruth shook her head forcefully as the color drained from her face.
“How did it turn out this way?” Jessica’s eyes widened in disbelief.
###Chapter 514 by Marina Vittori
Jessica had always believed her husband, but the result at the moment had left her completely stunned. “Hector, look at what you have done!” Trent was exasperated.
“Y– you son of a bitch! You’re not worthy to be the patriarch!” Flying into a rage, Jacob threw a punch at Hector’s face. Such a scandal was going to bring extreme humiliation to the entire family.
“Dad, you…” Knitting her brows. Natasha wanted to say something, but the words were stuck in her throat. At first, she firmly believed that her father had been framed. However, looking at the pieces of irrefutable evidence now, she was at a loss as to how to defend him.
Even Hector was inexplicably shocked. It was indeed his face that appeared in the video. On top of that, the way that person dressed up was also just like his.
“Did I really kill someone after getting drunk?” Hector muttered inwardly. At the thought of that, Hector coughed up a mouthful of blood, not able to withstand the shock. His face was ashen white.
“Dad!” Natasha wanted to support him subconsciously but was stopped by him.
“Natasha, I’m sorry for dragging you all into this mess. Now that I’ve done something like this, how can I continue to live with myself?” As soon as he finished speaking, he snatched the gun from the commander and pointed it at his own head. He pulled the trigger, attempting to use his death to make up for his mistake.
“Dad!”
“Patriarch!”
Everyone at the scene was taken aback by that. They wanted to stop him, but it was too late.
As the loud gunshot pierced the air, the bullet missed its target and brushed past Hector’s forehead by a hair’s breadth, leaving a streak of red on his skin.
It was Dustin. He had seized the gun in Hector’s hand.
“Mr. Hector, we haven’t gotten to the bottom of the situation yet. There’s no need to go to this extreme.” Dustin
frowned.
He did not expect Hector to be so cruel to himself. Hector directly sought to end his life because of a crime
that had not been confirmed. If Dustin hadn’t been fast enough, Hector would’ve been dead by now.
“It’s normal to be punished for making a mistake. Only by paying it with my life can I make up for my sin.”
Hector had been upright throughout his entire life. How could he carry on with his life when something like
this had happened?
“Mr. Hector, there’s something fishy about this matter. Don’t act recklessly. Let’s wait until we get the ins and
outs of it,” Dustin said solemnly.
“That’s right! You’re not going to solve anything by dying. As the patriarch of the Harmon family, how could
you seek death to escape your responsibilities?” Natasha reproached.
1/2
Chapter 514
“I…” Hector was at a loss for words. He had only wanted to save his family’s reputation, so he didn’t think
about it too much.
“Dad, give us some time. I believe we can bring the truth to light,” Natasha said. She felt that something was amiss about this matter.
Right then, the commander uttered coldly. “Alright, I have no spare time to see how affectionate your father- daughter relationship is. Hector, you’ve committed murder, and the evidence is indisputable. Now you need to come with us to assist in our further investigation.”
Then, the commander waved his hand. Two soldiers stepped up at once and cuffed Hector.
“Dad, it’s easier to die than live. Take care of yourself. We will definitely save you!” Natasha was serious.
Hector nodded, not saying anything more.
“Take him away!” With that, the commander led the rest of his people and left the place.
“Sis, what should we do now?” Ruth was in a fit of panic.
“This is a serious crime. If we don’t save Dad in time, his life is probably going to be at stake,” she thought.
“Quick! Assemble all the resources we have and look into this matter comprehensively! Don’t miss out on any clues or details!” Natasha ordered.
Hearing that, everyone immediately began to take action. This matter had caused chaos in the Harmon family.
###Chapter 515 by Marina Vittori
The fact that Hector was arrested caused quite a stir among the members of the Harmon family.
Everyone was rushed off their feet, using whatever connections they had to prove Hector innocent. Hector was the patriarch of the Harmons; he represented the family. If he was really charged with murder, not only would he be ruined, but the whole Harmon family would also be terribly criticized by the public.
After giving out the order, Natasha called some of the trustworthy people to her room to discuss the countermeasures. Not everyone in the family stood on the same side. Trent and Jacob
harbored their own thoughts. She naturally didn’t trust them.
“What do you think about this matter?” Natasha asked, glancing around.
“Could it be that Dad got sloshed for real, so he…” Ruth trailed off.
Before Ruth saw the video, she was sure that her father was not the kind of person who would commit such a crime. However, now that the evidence was right before her eyes, she couldn’t help but doubt his innocence.
“Your dad is well aware of his alcohol tolerance level. But why did he drink so much this time that he couldn’t even remember what he did after that?” Jessica’s expression didn’t look good.
“Ms. Natasha, saving Mr. Harmon is what’s most important right now,” Jack said worriedly.
It was going to be hard for Hector to clear his name anytime soon. Hence, keeping him safe and sound for now was their top priority.
“Dustin, what do you think?” Natasha looked at him.
“I don’t think it’s a coincidence that this matter happens at this time. Your dad is probably being set up by others,” Dustin replied.
Ruth furrowed her brows. “That’s what we hope too, but all the evidence is directed at Dad. No one
will believe us.”
“Sometimes, what we see might not be the truth, so we mustn’t just look on the surface,” Dustin said, shaking his head.
“You’ve gotten a clue?” Natasha asked.
“Those who have been around will know that there’s a special skill in this world, which is called Face–Changing Art. I suspect that someone has impersonated your dad and committed the crime.”
“Face–Changing Art?” The rest of them exchanged glances with one another, shocked by Dustin’s
words.
“Remember the Dark Lord’s disciple who showed up at the annual gathering that day? She had used Face–Changing Art to disguise herself as Celeste,” Dustin explained.
“That’s right! When she escaped, I think she left behind a human face mask!” Ruth said.
“That is to say, Hector might be framed for real?” Jessica’s eyes brightened.
Although they knew nothing much about Face–Changing Art, this speculation was their only
1/2
Chapter 515
hope at the moment.
“Are you saying that the Dark Lord is behind this?” Natasha’s expression turned cold. This wasn’t just about dirtying Hector’s good name; it was also about ruining the reputation of the Harmons and bringing the family to the brink of collapse.
“What a merciless move!” Natasha muttered inwardly.
“It’s possible, but there’s also someone who we mustn’t leave out,” Dustin reminded.
“Who?” Natasha narrowed her eyes.
“Tyler.” Dustin’s voice was flat. “He was rejected at the annual gathering. Judging from how the Grant family conducts themselves, it’s impossible for them to gloss over the matter.”
“Seriously?” Ruth frowned in thought. “The Grant family is one of the top three most prominent families. It’s impossible for them to do something like this. Moreover, framing my father won’t bring them any benefits.
“It’s just my guess. If we want to catch the culprit, it’d be best to investigate from here as a start,” Dustin said.
“Jack, get the shadow guards to look into these immediately!” Natasha gave the order directly. “Noted!” Jack obeyed and left in a hurry.
Right then, a glint of silver light surged from the window all of a sudden and landed fiercely on the wall. It wasn’t until they had taken a closer look that they realized it was a silver hairpin with a piece of paper attached to it.
“Miracle doctor, I know who the culprit is. Come alone to Lilyrius Restaurant tonight at 8 pm. See you then.” The note was signed off by someone called Azalea.
###Chapter 516 by Marina Vittori
“Azalea?” Natasha arched her brow. “Do you know her?”
“If I guessed it right, it was her who disguised herself as Celeste,” Dustin said. The fragrance lingering on the silver hairpin was exactly the same as that of the woman from that day.
“It’s her?” Natasha frowned slightly. “Could it be she’s the one behind this?”
“We’ll know more about it after I meet up with her tonight.” Dustin narrowed his eyes. Since that person had invited him out, it was clear that she must have known something.
“This woman is full of guile and good at using poison. Do you think this is a trap?” Natasha was worried.
“Don’t worry. Even if it’s a lion’s den, I’ll be able to come out unscathed.” Dustin smiled faintly. “No, it’s too dangerous for you to go alone. I’ll send a group of shadow guards to protect you,” Natasha’said with a solemn expression.
The Dark Lord’s disciple was nowhere near kind. Natasha didn’t want Dustin to risk his life. With how insistent she was, Dustin didn’t refuse her anymore. “Okay.”
As a retro–style restaurant, Lilyrius Restaurant was usually lively. However, it seemed surprisingly deserted that night.
After getting out of the car, Dustin entered the restaurant and looked around. There was no customer. He casually chose a seat next to the window and enjoyed his drink while waiting for Azalea to show up.
“Quick! Go and catch the person inside!” At that time, several SUVS roared and pulled up outside the restaurant. Equipped with weapons, a group of black–clad, masked men got out of the cars and rushed into the place fiercely.
When the man in the lead saw Dustin, he took several steps forward and jammed his machete into the table. “You’re Dustin?” Steven Lewis asked maliciously.
“You’ve been following me for half an hour. You can’t possibly still not know who I am, can you?” Dustin held his cup, looking calm.
He had sensed that he was being watched the moment he stepped out of the Harmon residence. However, instead of alerting the other party, he kept quiet about it to see who was behind it.
Steven smirked. “You’ve got some guts. I didn’t expect you to be so composed.”
“Who are you? What do you want to do?” Dustin demanded.
“I heard that you have the flower of Crimson Gem. Hand it over, and I’ll spare your life today,” Steven said. He had been keeping a close watch over the Harmon residence for two days to catch
him.
“Flower of Crimson Gem? You’re someone from the Grant family?” Dustin raised his eyebrow. Only a few people knew that he had the flower, and Jayla was one of them.
“Hmph! Cut the crap! Are you giving or not?” Steven’s face darkened.
“No.” Dustin gulped down his drink.
“Then, you’re just asking for death!” Steven flew into a rage and was about to launch an attack on
Dustin.
Right then, a charming female voice floated across the air. “Have you asked for my permission to make a scene at my place?”
When everyone looked over, they saw a veiled woman in skimpy clothes slowly descending the stairs.
Although her face couldn’t be seen clearly, her body figure was extremely hot and seductive–well- developed breasts, curvy buttocks, and a slim waist. She looked like a masterpiece, especially when she walked with her hips wiggling, exuding her alluring charm.
The group of men in black were stunned. With their eyes lit up, they couldn’t help but swallow their saliva repeatedly.
###Chapter 517 by Marina Vittori
“Whoa, I’ve never seen such a hot body before!”
“I don’t need to look at her face. Her fair and slender legs alone are enough to get me hooked for a year!” “Damn, I can’t take it anymore! She is f*cking seductive!”
The moment the veiled woman showed up, all the black–lad men had a hard time holding back their lusts. The s*xy curves of her figure were flawless, especially her wonderfully–proportioned legs. They were literally perfect for those with foot and leg fetishes.
Rubbing his chin, Steven ogled at her. “Hey, beauty. Are you the owner of this restaurant?”
“That’s right. What do you want to eat?” The woman wore a sweet smile and slowly walked up to them.
“What a nice smell!” The men kept sniffing, immersing themselves in her fragrance that was tickling them pink.
“Can I eat you?” Steven gave her a lascivious grin.
“Me?” The woman chuckled. “I’m a thorny person; I don’t think you’ll be able to stomach me.”
“It’s okay. There is no rose without a thorn,” he uttered, licking his lips.
“Really? Let’s see if you can walk your talk.” She smiled mysteriously.
Steven tugged at his clothes, looking like he was in dire need of devouring her whole. When the rest of the men saw that, they burst into laughter and began to tease her.
“You’re lucky today, beauty! Steven is extremely good at this!”
“It looks like your man must’ve failed to satisfy you. No worries, you have our company tonight!”
As they laughed, they had already trapped the veiled woman in the middle.
Smiling, she pointed to Dustin. “Compared to you, I like the handsome man over there more.”
“Hmph! He is only pleasant to the eyes but of no use!”
“Exactly! Look at how thin he is!”
The men scoffed at Dustin.
“Do you want to play with me, Mr. Handsome?” The veiled woman ignored the other men.
“No, thank you. Go ahead and play with them.” Dustin continued enjoying his drink, completely unfazed
“Did you hear that? He doesn’t have the guts!” With an evil grin, Steven reached out to grab her buttocks, but she easily dodged his touch.
“You’d better keep your hands to yourselves, or else I’ll get angry,” she warned.
Hearing that, Steven got even more excited. “Angry? Haha! Come on, show me how angry you can get!”
Chapter 517
“Sure.” The woman crinkled her mouth into a slight smile and gently blew into her palm.
Right then, a puff of red smoke came through and permeated the air, enveloping everyone in it.
“What’s this? It smells so good.” The men sniffed the scent subconsciously. However, in less than three seconds, they felt dizzy and were struggling for breath.
“This is bad! The smoke is poisoned!” Steven’s expression changed, and he immediately covered his mouth and nose.
Unfortunately, it was too late. Those who had inhaled the smoke fell to the floor, their faces contorting in pain as blood oozed out from their mouths and noses.
“Bitch! How dare you poison us! I’m going to kill you!” At the sight of his subordinates flumping down one after another, Steven flew off the handle and drew his machete to attack her. However, as soon as he moved, he lost his balance and tumbled to the floor.
“I wasn’t lying when I said that you wouldn’t be able to put up with me.” The veiled woman smirked.
###Chapter 518 by Marina Vittori
“You-” Steven was seething. He spat out a mouthful of black blood and died on the spot.
In three minutes, all the black–clad men collapsed to the floor and kicked the bucket. “Miracle doctor, I’ve helped you get rid of all the nuisances. It’s only two of us now.” The veiled woman came over with a charming smile and sat beside Dustin. “Don’t you think you should thank me for solving your problem?”
“Well, they were not really a problem to me. Let’s get down to business. What’s your motive for calling me here?” Dustin asked.
“I’m just a weak lady; what kind of motives can I have? Don’t think of me so badly.” Azalea teased. “If that’s the case, tell me. Who framed Hector? And where is the killer?” Dustin cut right to the chase.
“Nothing comes for free in this world. You’ve got to pay a price if you want to know the answer to that.” Azalea stretched out her finger and stroked his chin intimately.
“What do you want?” Dustin pushed her hand away.
“Can I have you?” Azalea shot him an alluring smile.
“I’m not interested in you.” Dustin refused her, unfazed by her advances.
“You’re indeed different. There aren’t a lot of men who can resist my seduction.” She chuckled. Alright, I won’t tease you anymore. Actually, I hope that you can cure my disease. I’ve witnessed your medical skills. Needless to say, they are exceptional.”
“You don’t look ill.” Dustin sized her up. Judging from her overall well–being, she seemed to be in the pink of health.
“To tell you the truth, my mentor has put a venomous curse on me. I will feel extremely terrible when it comes to the middle of the night. I hope that you can help me remove it.”
Dustin was a little surprised. “A mentor poisoning his disciple? It’s my first time hearing something like this.”
“My mentor is a person who suspects everyone. He doesn’t trust anyone but himself, so he uses the venom to control his disciples,” Azalea explained.
“I can neutralize the poison for you, but you have to first tell me who the murderer is,” Dustin said. “No can do. What if you go back on your word after I’ve told you the truth?” The world was full of danger. Azalea dared not trust anyone easily.
After a moment’s thought, Dustin agreed in the end. “Fine, I’ll remove it for you first. You’d better not come up with any tricks.”
“I’m just a weak lady. Do you think I’m capable of doing that?” Azalea rolled her eyes.
“Open your mouth,” Dustin said, not intending to waste his time talking to her anymore. Azalea lifted her veil slightly, revealing her delicate lips.
Dustin flicked a pill into her mouth with his fingers. Then, he took out a silver needle and poked it at her body a few times at lightning speed. Once the medicine began to take effect, he thrust his palm out all of a sudden and slapped her back hard.
Azalea coughed up a mouthful of black blood. A centipede that was as thick as a pinky could be seen wriggling in the pool of blood.
“Miracle doctor, you’re indeed amazing. I didn’t expect it to be settled this fast.” Azalea was overjoyed; she had never felt so relaxed before.
She carefully put the centipede aside to keep it for future use. There was a subtle connection between the venomous curse and the person who planted it. Once the centipede died, her mentor would immediately know about it.
“I’ve removed the venom. So tell me, who is the murderer?” Dustin asked calmly.
“What are you talking about?” Azalea acted like she didn’t know anything.
“How dare you trick me?” Dustin frowned, exuding a malicious mien in an instant.
“Miracle doctor, hadn’t anyone told you before that you shouldn’t simply believe a woman’s words, especially the beautiful ones?” Azalea smiled playfully.
Dustin’s expression darkened. All of a sudden, he reached out and grabbed Azalea by her neck, lifting her up from the floor. “If you aren’t telling me about it, then don’t blame me for being merciless.”
Laughing in the middle of her cough, she said, “Miracle doctor, I advise you not to act recklessly. If you get me killed, your lover, Natasha, is going to die too.”
###Chapter 519 by Marina Vittori
“What are you talking about?” Dustin tightened his grip around Azalea’s neck, suffocating her so hard that her face flushed.
Without feeling any ounce of fear, Azalea smiled and said in a hoarse voice, “If I die, not only you won’t be able to catch the murderer, but Natasha will also suffer. You’d better think about it properly.”
“Are you threatening me?” When Dustin narrowed his eyes, a touch of murderous intent was laced in his gaze.
“I dare not. This is just my advice to you.” Azalea curled up the corners of her lips.
“What exactly do you want?” Dustin demanded coldly.
Instead of saying anything, Azalea pointed at her neck.
Her message was loud and clear.
With a slight frown, Dustin still let go of her neck.
Azalea slumped down on the floor in an instant and panted heavily. “It hurts. Miracle doctor, I was just joking. Why did you have to be so rough?”
“I have no time to joke with you. You’d better tell me everything that you know.” He shot her a piercing glare.
“Fine. Since you want to know about it so badly, I’ll just tell you the truth.” Patting her clothes, Azalea sat beside him and took a sip of his drink. “You’ve guessed it right. Hector is framed, and the one behind this is the Grant family.”
“The Grant family?” Dustin raised his brow. “Where is the evidence? How am I supposed to know that you’re not lying?”
This woman in front of him was too unpredictable. He couldn’t bring himself to believe her.
“What’s the point of lying to you?” Azalea rolled her eyes.
“Do you even need a reason to tell a lie?” Dustin’s expression was frosty.
“You know me well!” She chuckled. “But I’m telling the truth this time, and I even have the murderer’s location with me.”
“Where?”
“A hidden safe house.” With a flick of her wrist, a piece of paper fell on the table. “Here’s the address.”
Dustin took a look at it. “Is this the real address?”
“You have my word. However, I can only guarantee you that the murderer will be there for an hour. After that, the murderer will move to a different place,” Azalea said.
Dustin nodded his head, his expression relaxing as he lowered his guard slightly. Judging from Azalea’s body language, she didn’t seem like she was lying. As long as he could catch the culprit, Hector would probably be safe.
“By the way, you said that Natasha was in danger. What do you mean by that?” Dustin suddenly asked.
“Do you want to know? Lift my veil, then.” Azalea smiled meaningfully.
“What’s so hard about that?” He reached out and grabbed her veil, slowly pulling it upward.
“Oh, I forgot to tell you that there is a rule in my family; whoever lifts up my veil will have to marry me.”
“You’re crazy!” Startled, Dustin immediately withdrew his hand. Fortunately, he had only pulled it up halfway through, so he didn’t manage to get a clear look at her face.
“Scared? What a boring man you are!” Azalea teased, grinning from ear to ear.
“Childish!” Dustin snorted and turned around to leave.
“She’s too good at playing with people’s minds,” Dustin thought.
“Hold on,” Azalea called out to him. “Miracle doctor, why are you in such a hurry? Actually, I have spies at the Grant residence. Not long ago, I received news that someone wanted to harm Natasha. Those who followed you earlier were just the beginning of their plan. The Grant family’s real target is Natasha.”
When Dustin heard what she said, he stopped his steps all of a sudden and looked at her. “The Harmon residence is heavily guarded now. It’s not easy for the Grants to barge in.”
“True enough, but what about luring the target away?” Azalea quirked her lips.
“What do you mean?” He frowned.
“Well, if I’m someone from the Grant family, I can simply find a reason to lure Natasha to leave the house.” Azalea shot him a half-smile.
Right then, Dustin felt a wave of uneasiness.
At the moment, the Harmon family was leaderless, and on top of that, it was in a mess.
###Chapter 520 by Marina Vittori
Natasha would definitely do whatever she could to save Hector, and her concern for her father would only make her fall into traps easily.
At the thought of that, Dustin immediately took out his phone and dialed Natasha’s number. However, the line couldn’t get through.
“She’s not picking up? In that case, it seems like the Grant family has made their move,” Azalea remarked.
“Miracle doctor, time is tight. You have to choose whether to go to the safe house to catch the murderer or to save Natasha. You can’t have your cake and eat it too.”
“Only kids will choose. I want both!” As Dustin spoke, he made a hand gesture at the window.
Soon, Isfrid hurriedly walked in with a few shadow guards.
“Mr. Rhys, we are at your command,” Isfrid said respectfully.
Dustin handed the piece of paper with the safe house’s address to Isfrid. “This is where the murderer is hiding. Bring your men and head over there right now.”
“What about you, Mr. Rhys?”
“I have something else to do. Hurry up and go,” Dustin urged.
“Yes, Sir!” Isfrid dared not hesitate and immediately left the place.
Seeing that, Azalea fell silent with a smile on her face.
Upon walking out of the restaurant, Dustin called Ruth. “Ruth, is your sister at home?”
“She left with a group of shadow guards after receiving a call not long ago. What’s the matter? “Ruth replied.
“She left? Where did she go?” Dustin continued asking.
“I think she went to Basilisk Hall.”
“Your sister is in danger. Send help over immediately!” Then, Dustin hung up the phone and drove straight to Basilisk Hall.
A masquerade party that was only open to the cream of society was going on in Basilisk Hall. Everyone was getting wild. After all, they were all unrecognizable with the masks on. Hence, they were seizing the chance to indulge themselves in debaucherous fun.
With a cigarette in her mouth, Jayla sat on the couch and watched the skimpy guests on the dance floor, who were getting amatory with one another.
As a whole, the party looked like a dissipated one.
Right then, a bodyguard walked up to her and reported in a low voice, “Ms. Grant, Natasha is here.”
“Oh, that’s fast. Bring her in.” Jayla put on a playful smile.
“Yes.” The bodyguard obeyed and went away.
Seconds later, Natasha came in with the bodyguard. Looking at how wild the atmosphere of the party was, she couldn’t help but frown.
“This is way too much. They don’t have any self-restraint at all,” Natasha thought.
Jayla stood up with a glass of red wine in her hand. “Natasha, I didn’t expect you to have the guts to come over.”
“I came here only for the truth; who exactly framed my father?” Natasha demanded.
Before this, Natasha received a call from Jayla and was told that the latter had a way of saving Hector. Hence, Natasha immediately rushed over.
“Well, get down on your knees if you want to know the answer,” Jayla said with a mocking smile.
“Do you
think this is fun?” Natasha furrowed her brows.
“You don’t want to kneel? I thought you cared a lot about your father, but now it seems like I’m wrong.” Jayla sneered.
“Will you tell me the truth if I fall to my knees?”
“It’s not your place to negotiate with me. If you don’t want your father to die in prison, do as I say!” Jayla shouted.
After hesitating for a while, Natasha finally kneeled on the floor. She knew Jayla was humiliating her on purpose. However, for the sake of Hector, Natasha had no choice but to swallow her pride.
“What a good daughter!” Jayla curled the corners of her lips into a nasty smirk.
“Now, take off your clothes.”
###Chapter 521 by Marina Vittori
“What did you say?” Natasha knitted her brows.
“Didn’t you hear me? I said, take off your clothes!” Jayla repeated with her voice raised.
“Don’t you go overboard!” Natasha’s expression was cold. How could she possibly remove her clothes in public? That was extremely humiliating for her!
“So what if I do?” Jayla sneered. “I hold something over you right now, and you got no choice but to listen to me!”
This was the reason she sent Hector to jail-demeaning Natasha.
Jayla muttered inwardly, “This is the price to pay for refusing to get married into the Grant family!”
She needed to make Natasha suffer in order to vent her anger.
“Jayla, you’d better not overstep the line,” Natasha said in a deep voice.
“Natasha, haven’t you figured out what the current situation is?” Jayla laughed wildly. “You’re in my territory. Whatever happens to you depends on me. Hurry up and take off your clothes!”
“Take off!”
“Take off!”
The masked guests began to shout in excitement, and most of them were under the influence.
“It looks like there’s nothing for us to discuss. I’m leaving now.” Natasha turned around to leave, not intending to waste her time anymore.
Jayla was obviously giving her a hard time on purpose.
“Stop right there! Did I say you could leave?” Jayla shouted.
Right then, two female bodyguards stepped forward and blocked Natasha’s way.
“Do you
think that I came alone?” Natasha turned around, her face darkened. Natasha knew there would be danger, so she brought a group of shadow guards with her when she left the
house.
“Of course, I knew you came here prepared. But sadly, it’s useless.” As Jayla spoke, she clapped
her hands.
Soon, a group of formidable masked guards walked in, dragging a few corpses with them.
When Natasha took a closer look, her expression changed in an instant. They were her shadow guards!
112
“Are you surprised?” Jayla laughed mockingly. “Your shadow guards are dead. You are on your own now, and I can do whatever I want to you!”
“Jayla, do you know what you’re doing?” Having blatantly killed the Harmons’ shadow guards was no longer just a simple provocation, but a war declaration.
“Stop making much ado about nothing. It’s going to be your turn soon.” Jayla shot her a cold smirk and gestured to the guards. “Guards! Hold her down!”
The two female bodyguards obeyed and immediately restrained Natasha from moving around.
“Since you aren’t willing to strip off, let me help you, then.” Suddenly, Jayla stretched out her hands and ripped Natasha’s coat into pieces, exposing her black bra.
“What huge breasts you have, bitch! No wonder so many men like you.” When Jayla saw how busty Natasha was, a hint of jealousy flashed across her eyes. Not only was Natasha beautiful, but her body figure was also sumptuous.
“She’s indeed a temptress!” Jayla thought.
“Jayla, you’d better not do anything absurd!” Natasha shouted.
“So what if I do? Haven’t you been using your good looks to your advantage? Today I’m going to destroy your face and see how you’re going to live in the future!” With an evil smile, Jayla took out a knife and scratched Natasha’s fair and delicate face fiercely.
Natasha groaned in pain, breaking out in a cold sweat.
“Bitch, this is the consequence of rejecting the Grant family. Since you aren’t willing to get married to Tyler, I’m going to ruin you today!”
###Chapter 522 by Marina Vittori
Clenching her teeth, Jayla chewed Natasha up while scratching the latter’s face mercilessly.
“Ahh!” With an ear-piercing wail, Natasha finally passed out due to extreme pain. Her beautiful face was now covered in fresh blood. It was a ghastly sight.
“That was fast, but I haven’t had enough fun yet.” Jayla smiled evilly. “Strip off her clothes and hang her up!”
“Yes!”
The two female bodyguards obeyed and immediately removed Natasha’s clothes until she was only left with her underwear. Then, they hung her in the middle of the dance floor and poured a bucket of icy water down her head.
Natasha shuddered, gradually regaining consciousness.
“Natasha, haven’t you been acting noble and virtuous all the while? Today I’m going to show you what it feels like to be humiliated!” Jayla continued, “See these people around? They’ll be accompanying you tonight. I’m going to take a video of the whole process and send it to your boyfriend for him to enjoy.”
“Y-you monster!” Natasha gritted her teeth, her eyes reddening.
“Go ahead and curse me as much as you want.” Jayla sneered and turned around to look at the masked men below the stage. “Everyone, I’m sure you have heard of how pretty the daughter of the Harmon family is. Her face is disfigured now, but her body is still flawless. Anyone here wants to take her back to be your servant?”
“Me!”
“No, me!”
“Damn it! She’s mine! Don’t you try to fight for her with me!”
Overwhelmed by excitement, the men began to fight over Natasha. They, of course, knew what a beauty she was. Hence, how could they possibly give up on the chance of messing with their goddess, who was known to be out of their league?
“Well, since so many of you are interested, whoever pays the highest price will have the opportunity to have her as your servant.” Jayla offered with a smile.
“I’ll
go first! One million dollars!” A man with a sheep-face mask raised his hand.
“One million only? I’m giving five million!” said another man who had a cow-face mask on.
“Eight million dollars from me!”
“Ten million!”
The men shouted one after another, and the price kept getting higher and higher. They were all from wealthy families. What they lacked wasn’t money, but excitement in their lives. As long as they could buy excitement, they were willing to spend a fortune on it.
“Y-you…” Natasha was filled with resentment.
The sheep-masked man suddenly shouted, “50 million!”
Right then, the crowd quieted down in an instant. 50 million dollars wasn’t a small amount. Since the man was willing to pay such a high price for something, he shouldn’t be underestimated.
Pointing to the sheep-masked man, Jayla said, “Well, it looks like that’s the highest price for now. In that case, you are going to be the first.” Then, she continued, “As for the rest, queue up for your turns.
As soon as she said that, the crowd erupted in cheers.
“Spending 50 million dollars to make such a sumptuous woman my servant is simply worth it. “The sheep-masked man walked up the stage and sized Natasha’s sexy body up with his lascivious eyes.
“I’m warning you; don’t do anything nonsensical. Otherwise, the Harmons won’t let you go!” Natasha squeezed out the words through her gritted teeth.
“Well, at least I won’t leave the world with regrets. Moreover, you don’t even know who I am, “the man said.
The ones under the stage egged the man on.
Natasha fell into utter despair. She kept struggling to break free but to no avail. Other than watching the man get closer to her, there was nothing else that she could do.
“Here I come, beauty!” The sheep-masked man laughed loudly and pounced on Natasha. “Stop!” Right then, a thunderous, angry shout rang out.
###Chapter 523 by Marina Vittori
“Stop!” A thunderous voice rang out, causing the crowd to fall into silence in an instant. Startled, everyone looked over at once and saw a tall figure walking in, exuding an overwhelming wave of murderous intent. Tension immediately ensued in the atmosphere, which was on fire just a moment ago. Those who were in revealing clothes couldn’t help but shudder.
“Dustin?” When Natasha saw who it was,.a wave of joy flooded her, as if she had found a life savior.
“So it’s you!” Jayla snorted upon taking a closer look at him. “Why do you have to bring trouble on yourself when you can easily avoid it? Today I’m going to let you watch your woman being humiliated!”
“All of you deserve death!” Seeing Natasha being hung up and covered in bloody scratches and wounds, Dustin clenched his fists hard, his expression darkening. A great sense of wrath flooded his soul so intensely that he almost lost his mind.
“Rhys, are you furious? But so what? Your woman is in my hands right now. I can do whatever I want to her.” Then, she turned to the sheep-masked man. “Hey, what are you waiting for? Go ahead and enjoy your time with the beauty. You don’t have to hold back. Serve her well in front of her man!” Jayla cackled presumptuously.
“I’m loving this!” The sheep-masked man was pumped up.
As he rubbed his hands like he couldn’t wait to devour her whole, his body began to tremble in excitement at the same time.
“If you dare to lay a finger on her, I guarantee you that you will have a tragic end!” Dustin
threatened.
“Haha! Not only do I want to touch her, but I also want to lick her all over. What can you do about that?” The sheep-masked man stuck out his tongue deliberately and licked Natasha’s leg.
“You’re asking for death!” Dustin’s face fell, and he flicked his wrist abruptly.
With a swish, a silver needle shot out in an instant and directly pierced the spot between the man’s eyebrows.
The sheep-masked man froze; the next second, he collapsed to the floor, having breathed his
last.
That was a bolt from the blue. The remaining guests were scared out of their wits and
screamed in fear.
“How dare you kill someone in my territory? You must have gotten tired of living!” Flying
1/2
A group of bodyguards obeyed at once and dashed over with their weapons drawn.
“Whoever stands in my way will die!” Dustin’s eyes were red as he continued making advances instead of retreating.
All the bodyguards who approached him had their heads severely injured by just one punch from Dustin. None of them survived, and blood was all over the floor. Clearly, Dustin wasn’t
showing them any mercy.
Looking at Dustin, who was soaked in blood, the onlookers scattered away in fear of being the
next target.
After getting rid of the group of bodyguards, Dustin immediately ran up the stage and broke the chains tying Natasha up.
“Are you okay?” When Dustin saw her disfigured face, his heart bled for her. Taking off his coat in a hurry, he wrapped it around her petite body, which was shivering due to the cold.
“We can’t stay here for long. Let’s leave!” Natasha staggered to stand up.
Since the Harmons’ shadow guards had been killed so easily and without anyone knowing, there were obviously skilled fighters hiding in this place.
“Do you think you can leave?” Jayla snorted. “Listen up, lupine guards! Kill this man for me!”
Right then, ten black-clad figures suddenly walked out of the shadows. All of them were masked and had an intimidating aura.
They were the ones who finished off the shadow guards earlier.
“Lupine guards are made up of the best elites. Each of them has fought in countless battles and possesses exceptional fighting skills. With them around, today is going to be the day of your death!”
###Chapter 524 by Marina Vittori
“He should feel honored for being able to die at the hands of the lupine guards!”
When the Grants’ highly skilled guards appeared, the rest of the guests became excited, as if they were watching a show.
“This is bad!” Natasha’s expression changed. “Dustin, you don’t have to care about me. Hurry up and leave! Get help from the Harmon family!”
She knew Dustin was strong, but lupine guards were experts when it came to fighting. She would just weigh Dustin down if they tried to escape together.
“What are you talking about? How can I possibly leave you alone here?” Dustin reached out and grabbed her hand.
“But it’s going to be difficult to escape if you bring me along.” Natasha frowned. She didn’t want Dustin to risk his life because of her.
“Who said that I was going to escape?” Dustin looked around with a piercing gaze. “I’m going to kill all of them tonight!”
“Stop being insolent! Do you even have the ability to do that?” Jayla sneered.
All the lupine guards were carefully selected by Tyler. Even the Harmons’ shadow guards were not a match for them, let alone a country bumpkin.
“You can see for yourself.” Dustin provoked, his expression indifferent.
“Well, since you’re so desperate to die, I don’t mind making your wish come true.” With a wave of her hand, Jayla ordered, “Elton, kill him!”
The leader of the lupine guards, Elton Pearson, obeyed and directly drew out his weapon, closing in on Dustin. Although the former wasn’t making any sound, he was emanating a strong and overwhelming aura.
As soon as Dustin was within his attack range, Elton immediately sped up and swung his machete to strike at him. “Die!”
It was a powerful charge.
However, the moment Dustin threw a punch at him, Elton’s attack fell apart at the seams in an instant. His simple and straightforward punch directly pierced Elton’s chest before the latter could swing his weapon down for an attack.
Elton widened his eyes in shock at the sight of Dustin’s bloody fist that had penetrated his body. It had all happened too fast. Elton barely had time to react.
Then, Dustin swung his arm and hurled Elton to the wall, leaving a patch of blood on it.
112
Everyone was dumbfounded at the sight before them. Elton was an extremely formidable existence, but now he had been killed by Dustin in just one move.
It was simply hard to believe!
“H-how is this even possible?” Looking at Elton’s corpse, Jayla was stunned. Her face was full of disbelief.
“That was the powerful leader of the lupine guards, and now he’s dead?” she muttered inwardly.
“How dare you kill our leader?”
“Today is going to be your death day!”
After recovering from their shock, the remaining nine lupine guards flew off the handle and surged forward at him with their weapons drawn.
Expressionless, Dustin stomped his foot all of a sudden.
With a loud boom, the floor cracked the next second. A burst of violent true energy then presented itself in an instant and smashed fiercely onto the guards.
As if they had been knocked down by a train, the lupine guards were sent flying across the air, blood gushing out of their mouths. All it took was a stomp, and every one of the lupine guards died before they could even land on the floor.
###Chapter 525 by Marina Vittori
Instantly, silence ensued. Looking at the lupine guards who had drawn their last breath, everyone was so terrified that they were lost for words. They couldn’t believe that all nine guards had lost their lives because of Dustin’s stomp.
When Jayla came back to her senses, she blew up at once and shouted, “How dare you kill my lupine guards!”
Each and every one of the lupine guards had been carefully trained by the Grant family. Now that ten of them were dead, how could Jayla possibly put up with it?
“It won’t end with just their deaths; you are going to pay back for what you did!” With a cold expression on his face, Dustin slowly walked closer to Jayla, his eyes darkening.
“W-what do you want to do? I’m warning you; don’t do anything absurd!” Jayla took two steps back in fright.As if she felt that it was embarrassing to retreat, she stopped at once and held her head high, putting on an arrogant look.
She was the daughter of the Grant family. Why was she afraid of someone like Dustin? “You’ve got to pay back twice the harm you’ve inflicted on Natasha!” Dustin threatened.
“Don’t you dare!” Jayla shot daggers at him. “I have the Grants behind me. If you lay a finger on me, even a divine being can’t save you!”
“Really?” Suddenly, Dustin grabbed Jayla by the neck and lifted her off the floor.
Kicking her legs frantically, Jayla began to cough violently. She struggled to break free from his grip but failed. It was getting difficult for her to breathe. Soon, the fear of death gradually flooded her mind.
“L-let me go! Or else, you’re going to have a miserable death!” Jayla shouted.
“Dustin, don’t hurt her!” Right then, Natasha couldn’t help but stop him. Although she hated Jayla, the latter wasn’t someone who could be easily provoked. If Jayla was hurt, it would lead to the Grant family seeking revenge on them.
“She’s too arrogant. She will only continue to overstep the mark if she is not taught a lesson.” Dustin tightened his grip around Jayla’s neck.
Jayla’s face flushed; she couldn’t breathe.
“Stop!” A loud shout suddenly came from the door.
712
Everyone was dumbfounded at the sight before them. Elton was an extremely formidable existence, but now he had been killed by Dustin in just one move.
It was simply hard to believe!
“H-how is this even possible?” Looking at Elton’s corpse, Jayla was stunned. Her face was
full of disbelief.
“That was the powerful leader of the lupine guards, and now he’s dead?” she muttered
inwardly.
“How dare you kill our leader?”
“Today is going to be your death day!”
After recovering from their shock, the remaining nine lupine guards flew off the handle and surged forward at him with their weapons drawn.
Expressionless, Dustin stomped his foot all of a sudden.
With a loud boom, the floor cracked the next second. A burst of violent true energy then presented itself in an instant and smashed fiercely onto the guards.
As if they had been knocked down by a train, the lupine guards were sent flying across the air, blood gushing out of their mouths. All it took was a stomp, and every one of the lupine guards died before they could even land on the floor.
Instantly, silence ensued.
Looking at the lupine guards who had drawn their last breath, everyone was so terrified that they were lost for words. They couldn’t believe that all nine guards had lost their lives because of Dustin’s stomp.
When Jayla came back to her senses, she blew up at once and shouted, “How dare you kill my lupine guards!”
Each and every one of the lupine guards had been carefully trained by the Grant family. Now that ten of them were dead, how could Jayla possibly put up with it?
“It won’t end with just their deaths; you are going to pay back for what you did!” With a cold expression on his face, Dustin slowly walked closer to Jayla, his eyes darkening.
“W-what do you want to do? I’m warning you; don’t do anything absurd!” Jayla took two steps back in fright.
As if she felt that it was embarrassing to retreat, she stopped at once and held her head high, putting on an arrogant look.
She was the daughter of the Grant family. Why was she afraid of someone like Dustin?
“You’ve got to pay back twice the harm you’ve inflicted on Natasha!” Dustin threatened.
“Don’t you dare!” Jayla shot daggers at him. “I have the Grants behind me. If you lay a finger on me, even a divine being can’t save you!”
“Really?” Suddenly, Dustin grabbed Jayla by the neck and lifted her off the floor.
Kicking her legs frantically, Jayla began to cough violently. She struggled to break free from his grip but failed. It was getting difficult for her to breathe. Soon, the fear of death gradually flooded her mind.
“L-let me go! Or else, you’re going to have a miserable death!” Jayla shouted.
“Dustin, don’t hurt her!” Right then, Natasha couldn’t help but stop him.
Although she hated Jayla, the latter wasn’t someone who could be easily provoked. If Jayla was hurt, it would lead to the Grant family seeking revenge on them.
“She’s too arrogant. She will only continue to overstep the mark if she is not taught a lesson.” Dustin tightened his grip around Jayla’s neck.
Jayla’s face flushed; she couldn’t breathe.
“Stop!” A loud shout suddenly came from the door.
The next second, Jacob rushed in fiercely with a group of elites from the Harmon family.
When he saw the lupine guards lying dead on the floor, his expression changed at once.” Dustin, let go of Ms. Grant immediately! Stop making mistakes!”
“She has disfigured Natasha’s face, not to mention the barrage of insults. Today she has to be given a tit-for-tat,” Dustin said coldly.
Shifting his gaze to Natasha, whose face was covered in blood, Jacob couldn’t help frowning. After a moment’s hesitation, he bit the bullet and said, “Don’t worsen the situation, Dustin.
first!”
Let her go
“Let her go?” Dustin turned around. “As an elder, aren’t you supposed to protect Natasha? She has been severely injured, and now you’re telling me to free the perpetrator?”
“You can’t afford to offend Ms. Grant. Don’t drag us down!” Jacob shouted.
“That’s right! Let go of Ms. Grant now!” The rest of the Harmons echoed.
Jayla was Tyler’s sister. If something bad were to happen to her here, the entire Harmon family was going to suffer the consequences.
“What if I refuse?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“Don’t force me to attack you!” Jacob’s face fell.
Most of the people with him slowly drew their weapons, their gazes filled with hostility. In an instant, Dustin ended up being their target.
At the sight of that, Jayla laughed complacently. “Rhys, do you see this? Even the Harmons have no guts to offend me. Get your hands off of me right now! Who do you think you are to mess with me?”
No matter how strong a fighter was, in front of the powerful Grant family, they would still
have to bow down to them.
“Are you going to stand by and do nothing when your family member has been attacked? Is the Harmon family so weak?” Dustin glanced around with a piercing gaze.
Those who met his eyes couldn’t help but feel a little guilty.
###Chapter 526 by Marina Vittori
“Rhys! An outsider like you is in no place to boss us around!” Jacob was exasperated.
“Since none of you has the guts to stand up for Natasha, I’ll do it, then! I don’t mind offending the Grants!” Dustin opened his hand, and a steel knife slid into his palm. “Today I’m going to take an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth! No intercession is allowed!”
As soon as he finished saying that, he scratched Jayla’s face with the sharp blade, leaving a deep, bloody mark.
“Ah!” Jayla exclaimed shrilly in pain.
“Don’t you dare!”
“You son of a bitch! Stop right now!”
Jacob and the rest of the members of the Harmon family shouted, their facial expressions changing drastically.
However, Dustin didn’t care about them at all. He drew another line across Jayla’s face, forming a huge “X” on it.
“Rhys, do you know what you are doing? If you hurt Ms. Grant, even the Emperor won’t be able to save you!” Jacob was furious.
Dustin remained silent as he continued to wave his knife at Jayla, destroying her looks.
“Ah! My face! Ahh!” Jayla screamed in agony.
It was not only physical pain but also mental torture. Every woman cared about her appearance. Now that her face was ruined, how was she going to live her life in the future?
After making ten scratches on Jayla’s face, Dustin finally stopped. At the moment, Jayla was already covered in blood, looking acutely harrowing.
“This guy is crazy!”
“Do you know how distinguished Ms. Grant is? You are going to be done for disfiguring her face!”
Everyone was startled by Dustin’s action. Although they were angry at the same time, they dared not step forward.
“You’re dead meat, all of you! How dare you ruin my face! I’m going to make your entire family pay for this!” Jayla screamed, looking as ferocious as a devil.
“Ms. Grant, this has nothing to do with us! It’s all on him!” Jacob hurriedly explained.
“I don’t care! Unless you kill him for me, I’m going to destroy the Harmons!” Jayla yelled.
11/2
Hearing that, Jacob and the rest were stunned. After recovering from their shock, they shifted their fierce gazes to Dustin. It seemed like they were going to do as Jayla ordered.
“Move! Out of my way!”
While Jacob and his people were dithering, a series of noises came from the door. Then, a butler of the Grant family rushed in with a group of elite guards.
Seeing that, Jayla laughed wildly. “My reinforcements have arrived. Today, all of you are going to die!”
Jacob and his group were in a blue funk. If they hadn’t hesitated earlier in taking Dustin down, the Harmons would’ve been able to stay out of trouble.
“Rhys, weren’t you arrogant earlier? Why aren’t you saying anything now? Let me tell you, it’s too late to be scared! I’m going to make you pay me back a hundred times for what you did to me! It’s over for you!” Jayla roared maliciously.
“Your life is in my hands now, so you’d better not push my buttons.” Dustin’s voice was cold.
“So what if I do? Do you dare to take my life? Go ahead, then! Otherwise, I’m going to kill you! Not only do I want you dead, but I also want you to witness how I would torture your woman! I will make her suffer!” Jayla cackled like she would be having the last laugh.
“Well, since you wish to die, I’ll grant your wish, then.” Raising his weapon, Dustin directly slashed her neck.
###Chapter 527 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin, don’t!”
“Mother fucker! Don’t you dare!” When Dustin raised his weapon, everyone was shocked and immediately yelled to stop him. However, Dustin turned a deaf ear to their shouts and decisively struck at Jayla.
Jayla’s wild laugh came to a stop in an instant. The next second, her head fell from her neck, rolling on the floor like a ball for a while before it stopped.
Her widened eyes were filled with disbelief. As if she didn’t expect Dustin to kill her for real in front of so many people. The power and status that she had been bragging about were completely of no use at this moment.
Everything was over for her.
“S-she died?” Looking at Jayla’s chopped-off head, everyone was scared out of their wits. That was the daughter of the Grant family, who was also Tyler’s sister, and at the moment, she had gone the way of all flesh.
“This is bad!” Natasha paled.
If Dustin had only killed the lupine guards, there were still chances to turn the situation around. However, he murdered Jayla. This was a crime that nobody could afford to bear.
“This guy has really lost his mind!”
“Fuck! How can he kill Ms. Grant? He’s daring alright!”
A short moment of silence later, the scene went into an uproar. Everyone had their eyes fixed on Dustin as if they were looking at a crazy man.
After all, who else would have the guts to provoke the Grants other than someone who had gone insane?
“Scourge! He is a scourge!” Jacob was hot under the collar.
Dustin had already committed a severe crime by disfiguring Jayla, and now he even finished her off! It seemed like the Harmons were doomed to be in the soup this time.
“Bastard, how dare you kill Ms. Jayla!” The butler of the Grant family roared.
Now that Jayla had died, those at the scene wouldn’t be able to steer clear of the consequences.
“She wanted death; all I did was grant her wish,” Dustin said indifferently.
1/2
“You’re still acting so arrogant when your last hour has come?” With a wave of his hand, the butler ordered, “Guards! Tear him limb from limb to avenge Ms. Jayla’s death!”
“Attack!” The group of elites immediately drew their weapons and charged forward.
“Let me see who has the guts to attack Sir Rhys!”
Right then, Nelson led a large group of Flame Dragon Gang members and rushed in aggressively.
“Damn, how dare you attempt to attack Sir Rhys? You’re courting death! Everyone, attack!” Nelson raised his weapon and dashed over upon seeing Dustin trapped in the middle.
Right then, hundreds of Flame Dragon Gang members broke into a fight with the elites of the Grant family. Although the latter were well-trained fighters, the former had the strength in numbers. It didn’t take long for the Grants’ guards to be defeated.
“Where did these people come from?” Jacob exchanged confused glances with his men.
“Mr. Jacob, it seems like they are from the Flame Dragon Gang,” someone replied.
“Flame Dragon Gang? Why are they meddling in this?” Jacob found it a little strange.
Although the Flame Dragon Gang was quite well-known in Millsburg, they weren’t a match for the Grant family. After all, the Grants had the authority to mobilize the troops. Hence, how could the Flame Dragon Gang fight against them?
###Chapter 528 by Marina Vittori
The brawl finally ended ten minutes later. Although dozens of Flame Dragon Gang disciples were injured in the process, they managed to completely annihilate the Grants’ elite men.
“Sir, I did not fail you. I have eliminated all these pests!” Nelson and his men rushed toward Dustin eagerly. “Well done. It must have been tiring.” Dustin nodded.
“Not at all. It’s our honor to serve you!” Nelson responded with a grin. “Clean this place up. Don’t leave any evidence behind.” Dustin ordered.
“Yes, Sir!” “Boys, it’s time to clean up!” Nelson hollered at his men, and they immediately got to work.
“I didn’t know you were the Flame Dragon Gang’s leader.” Natasha’s surprised expression quickly turned into a frown. “Still, even with the gang’s help, we can’t win against the Grants. We’re in real trouble this time.”
“The Grants might be powerful, but that doesn’t mean they can’t do whatever they please. There’s always someone more powerful than them,” Dustin replied nonchalantly.
“As if it’d be that easy. In the Southern province, the only two families who have a chance of winning against the Grants are the Murray family and the Hill family.” Natasha sighed. “You were too reckless this time, Dustin. Killing Jayla was a terrible move!”
“They wouldn’t have let me live anyway, so I might as well get rid of them first.” Dustin seemed unbothered. Since they already had their eyes on him, he might as well make it worthwhile.
“But…” Natasha didn’t know what to say.
“Let’s forget about this. We should focus more on your injury. Let’s go and treat it.” Dustin gathered her into his arms and walked outside. His needle might have stopped the bleeding, but medication was necessary to prevent her lacerations from scarring.
“Hold it right there!” Jacob shouted. “Do you think you can just leave after getting into such a huge mess?”
“Don’t worry. I’ll take responsibility for my actions,” Dustin responded before walking out.
“Follow him. Don’t let him escape.” Jacob ordered two of his men.
“Yes, Sir!” The two men answered in unison and went after Dustin and Natasha.
There was no way the Grants would take this matter lightly. If Dustin were to run away now, the Grants might shift their target to the Harmon family instead, so they had to make sure to keep a close eye on him.
“Lord Horst, quite a few of our men died today. What a loss.” Nelson’s men grumbled softly.
“Of course, it isn’t a loss! Men are supposed to be wild like this!” Nelson thumped his chest proudly. “I’m sure today’s battle showed Sir Rhys just how strong we are and improved our image!”
Just then, one of his men rushed over in panic. “Bad news, Lord Horst! We’re in trouble!”
“What’s all the fuss about? You act as though it’s something I can’t handle.” Nelson huffed, judging that his men must still lack experience given how easy it was to scare them.
When will they ever grow up?
“Look at this, Sir!’ The other man shakily held out a badge.
“It looks familiar.” Nelson was puzzled.
“Of course it is! It belongs to the Grants!” His subordinate wailed.
“The Grants? What do you mean?” Nelson was still confused.
The subordinate delivered the shocking news. “The men we just killed were the Grants’ elites!”
“What?! The Grants?” Nelson exclaimed, wide-eyed. “A-are you serious?”
“I would never joke about something like this. Just look at the badge!” His subordinate whimpered. “Sir, you’ll have to take care of this mess now.”
“Take care of it? Yeah, right. I’m just dead meat now.” Nelson fell to the floor dejectedly. He would soon disappear from the face of the earth.
###Chapter 529 by Marina Vittori
Meanwhile, at the Grants’ mansion, Tyler Grant was practicing with a terrain model. As a gifted individual, he excelled in everything he did, including terrain model training. Since few could compete against him, he usually trained by himself.
“Something terrible has happened, Mr. Grant!” One of the butlers barged into his study anxiously. “Get out,” Tyler ordered icily without looking at the butler.
“But- The butler swallowed the rest of his words when he received Tyler’s menacing glare and scuttled back to the door to wait patiently.
It took a while for Tyler to finish his practice. When he was finished, he asked, “What is it?”
“Sir, we just received news that Ms. Jayla was killed!” The butler cried in despair. “She was killed?” Tyler’s brows furrowed. “What happened?”
“She wanted to take revenge for you, so she set up a trap for Natasha Harmon.” The butler quickly briefed Tyler on what happened.
“That idiot. How could she do something like that without permission?” Tyler humphed, indifferent to the news.
“What?” The butler was dismayed.
Shouldn’t Tyler be boiling with rage and start looking for the murderer right now? Why was he so calm? And how could he call his sister an idiot? He was being too cruel.
‘Sir, Ms. Layla was killed because she wanted to get even at Natasha Harmon for breaking off the engagement with you.” The butler pressed.
“When did I ask her to meddle in my affairs?” Tyler retorted coldly, rendering the butler speechless.
The butler couldn’t help feeling that his master was becoming more cold-hearted these days.
“Who killed her?” Tyler asked abruptly.
“An asshole named Dustin Rhys!” The butler told him.
“Dustin Rhys?” Tyler raised an eyebrow. “Natasha’s little boy toy?”
“That’s him!” The butler nodded his head. “That reckless bastard dared to chop off Ms. Layla’s head right before everyone’s eyes!”
“Alright. You can leave now.” Tyler waved the butler away indifferently.
“Sir, don’t you plan to avenge her at all?” The butler couldn’t stop himself from asking.
“I have my plans. I don’t need you to tell me what to do. Get out.” Tyler responded calmly.
“Yes, Sir.” The butler left with his head lowered and without saying another word.
He can’t understand why Tyler was being so calm despite knowing who the murderer was. It was too peculiar.
“She may be an idiot, but she’s still a Grant.” Tyler lifted his cup of tea and softly called out. Euria.”
Instantly, a woman donning black clothes and a raindrop-designed mask appeared.
“Master, you called for me?” The woman responded, kneeling on one knee before him with her head bowed.
“Have some fun with this Dustin, but don’t kill him so quickly,” Tyler ordered. “Yes, Master,” Euria answered before disappearing without a trace, like a ghost.
###Chapter 530 by Marina Vittori
Back in the Harmon estate. “There, all done. You’ll be fine in a few days.” Dust in carefully applied medicine to Natasha’s wound and bandaged it up nicely.
Although the wound was shallow, it would still hurt. “Will it leave a scar on my face?” Natasha picked up a mirror and examined her face worriedly.
“Why? Do you doubt my skills?” Dustin asked in mock displeasure. “I’m just worried I’ll look ugly if I have a scar, and you won’t like me anymore,” Natasha answered seriously.
“Don’t be silly.” Dustin was amused. “I promise you, your face won’t scar. Besides, even if it does, you’ll still be the prettiest person in the world to me!”
“Hmph! Such a sweet talker.” A small smile appeared on Natasha’s face, and her worry eased. Although she wasn’t as superficial as other ladies, she was also afraid of turning ugly.
“Dustin, get your ass over here!” Someone suddenly roared, sending the door flying with a powerful kick, and a group of people led by Trent instantly filled the room.
“What are you doing, Uncle Trent?” Natasha asked with a frown.
“It’s none of your business! We’re here for him!” Trent pointed at Dustin and yelled. “How dare you kill Ms. Layla! I’m here to drag you to the Grants. You better apologize to them immediately!”
“But Dustin did that to save me!” Natasha argued.
“Why are you still defending him?” Trent seethed. “Do you know that if we don’t hand him over to the Grants, we’ll have to face their wrath instead?”
“I don’t care. All I know is that Dustin saved me, so I need to protect him. You want to get to him? Over my dead body!” Natasha stepped forward, her glare menacing.
“Y-you’re hopeless!” Trent exclaimed, livid.
“Natasha Harmon! Do you intend to ruin our entire family because of him?” Jacob yelled.
“He should pay for what he did. Since he was the one who caused this mess, we shouldn’t have to bear the brunt of his mistakes!”
“Exactly! We must arrest him and hand him over to the Grant!”
Members of the Harmon family continuously shouted out in anger and indignation.
“Shut up!” Natasha roared.
Alright
ve now.
away
irrerently.
“Sir, don’t you plan to avenge her at all?” The butler couldn’t stop himself from asking.
“I have my plans. I don’t need you to tell me what to do. Get out.” Tyler responded calmly.
“Yes, Sir.” The butler left with his head lowered and without saying another word.
He can’t understand why Tyler was being so calm despite knowing who the murderer was. It was too peculiar.
“She may be an idiot, but she’s still a Grant.” Tyler lifted his cup of tea and softly called out.” Euria.”
Instantly, a woman donning black clothes and a raindrop-designed mask appeared.
“Master, you called for me?” The woman responded, kneeling on one knee before him with her head bowed.
“Have some fun with this Dustin, but don’t kill him so quickly,” Tyler ordered. “Yes, Master,” Euria answered before disappearing without a trace, like a ghost.
Chapter 530
Back in the Harmon estate.
“There, all done. You’ll be fine in a few days.” Dustin carefully applied medicine to Natasha’s wound and bandaged it up nicely.
Although the wound was shallow, it would still hurt.
“Will it leave a scar on my face?” Natasha picked up a mirror and examined her face worriedly.
“Why? Do you doubt my skills?” Dustin asked in mock displeasure.
“I’m just worried I’ll look ugly if I have a scar, and you won’t like me anymore,” Natasha answered seriously.
“Don’t be silly.” Dustin was amused. “I promise you, your face won’t scar. Besides, even if it does, you’ll still be the prettiest person in the world to me!”
“Hmph! Such a sweet talker.” A small smile appeared on Natasha’s face, and her worry eased. Although she wasn’t as superficial as other ladies, she was also afraid of turning ugly.
“Dustin, get your ass over here!” Someone suddenly roared, sending the door flying with a powerful kick, and a group of people led by Trent instantly filled the room.
“What are you doing, Uncle Trent?” Natasha asked with a frown.
“It’s none of your business! We’re here for him!” Trent pointed at Dustin and yelled. “How dare you kill Ms. Layla! I’m here to drag you to the Grants. You better apologize to them immediately!”
“But Dustin did that to save me!” Natasha argued.
“Why are you still defending him?” Trent seethed. “Do you know that if we don’t hand him over to the Grants, we’ll have to face their wrath instead?”
“I don’t care. All I know is that Dustin saved me, so I need to protect him. You want to get to him? Over my dead body!” Natasha stepped forward, her glare menacing.
“Y-you’re hopeless!” Trent exclaimed, livid.
“Natasha Harmon! Do you intend to ruin our entire family because of him?” Jacob yelled.
“He should pay for what he did. Since he was the one who caused this mess, we shouldn’t have to bear the brunt of his mistakes!”
“Exactly! We must arrest him and hand him over to the Grant!”
Members of the Harmon family continuously shouted out in anger and indignation.
“Shut up!” Natasha roared.
“If it weren’t for Dustin, all of you would have died during the family gathering! It’s bad enough that you aren’t helping him in times of need, but how could you guys add fuel to the fire instead?” Her words silenced the arrogant people.
“Forget about those righteous views of yours, Natasha. One must pay for their crimes. Dustin made a mistake, so he should be punished!” Kate sneered.
“She’s right. We don’t want to suffer just because of him!” The crowd echoed.
They couldn’t care less about Dustin’s previous contributions and were willing to sacrifice him if it meant placating the Grants.
“A-are you guys going against me?” Natasha demanded agitatedly.
“Enough with the nonsense. For the sake of our family, we must arrest him today!” Jacob incited. “Give the command, Trent!”
“Don’t hate me, Dustin. You have yourself to blame for making such a huge mistake.” Trent gestured to the others and commanded. “Tie him up!”
“I’d like to see who dares!” Suddenly, Natasha fished out a gun from the bedside and pointed it toward the group of people.
“You wretch! Are you trying to rebel against us?” Trent yelled.
“Don’t force my hand, Uncle Trent!” Natasha warned.
“Well, I don’t believe you have the guts to shoot us!”
Jacob began to step forward confidently, and without hesitation, Natasha pulled the trigger.
###Chapter 531 by Marina Vittori
There was an ear-splitting bang as the bullet embedded itself inches before Jacob’s foot, making the man jump back in fear.
“H-how could you pull the trigger on me?” Jacob cried, outraged. He never expected Natasha to be the type to do something like that to her elder. If the bullet’s trajectory had been slightly off the mark, he would’ve lost his foot!
“You better not mess around, Uncle Jacob.” Natasha threatened frostily.
“How dare you!” Trent roared. “Natasha Harmon, he is your uncle! You’d be disgracing our family if you had hurt him just now!”
“I don’t want to hurt anyone, so you better not force me to,” Natasha responded unrelentingly.
“Y-you bastard! Do you intend to betray your family for that boy?” Trent was furious.
The Harmon family had always lived by a rule-nothing mattered more than the family’s interests, which meant that they could sacrifice anyone if it meant saving their family. Therefore, Natasha’s contradictory actions were seen as a sign of disloyalty.
“All I care about right now is protecting Dustin.” Natasha stood her ground.
“How many bullets do you have, Natasha? Do you even have enough to kill all of us?” Kate taunted.
“You can try.” Natasha abruptly turned the gun toward Kate, making the latter pale and hide behind her father, worried that Natasha might actually do something outrageous and reckless
out of love.
“Are you out of your mind, Natasha? We are your family!” Jessica could no longer remain silent. She was worried her daughter might impulsively hurt someone, making her the family’s enemy.
When Natasha didn’t respond, Jessica turned to Dustin and snapped. “Dustin, are you going to drag my daughter into the mess you created?”
“Natasha, put the gun down.” Dustin reached out and pressed the gun downward to lower it, before turning to face the rest of the people. “I was the one who killed Layla, so the Grants will naturally look for me if they want revenge. Why are all of you so worked up?”
“Hmph! As if things are that simple. Who knows whether you’ll drag our family down with you?” Kate snorted.
“I’m not even close to your family, so why would I drag you down with me?” Dustin answered nonchalantly. “You guys being afraid of the Grants is none of my business, but if you’re trying to capture me to get in their good graces, I’m afraid that’s impossible.”
for Bustin, all of you would have died during the family gathering! It’s bad
enough that you aren’t helping him in times of need, but how could you guys add fuel to the fire instead?” Her words silenced the arrogant people.
“Forget about those righteous views of yours, Natasha. One must pay for their crimes. Dustin made a mistake, so he should be punished!” Kate sneered.
“She’s right. We don’t want to suffer just because of him!” The crowd echoed.
They couldn’t care less about Dustin’s previous contributions and were willing to sacrifice him if it meant placating the Grants.
“A-are you guys going against me?” Natasha demanded agitatedly.
“Enough with the nonsense. For the sake of our family, we must arrest him today!” Jacob incited. “Give the command, Trent!”
“Don’t hate me, Dustin. You have yourself to blame for making such a huge mistake.” Trent gestured to the others and commanded. “Tie him up!”
“I’d like to see who dares!” Suddenly, Natasha fished out a gun from the bedside and pointed it toward the group of people.
“You wretch! Are you trying to rebel against us?” Trent yelled.
“Don’t force my hand, Uncle Trent!” Natasha warned.
“Well, I don’t believe you have the guts to shoot us!”
Jacob began to step forward confidently, and without hesitation, Natasha pulled the trigger.
There was an ear-splitting bang as the bullet embedded itself inches before Jacob’s foot, making the man jump back in fear.
“H-how could you pull the trigger on me?” Jacob cried, outraged. He never expected Natasha to be the type to do something like that to her elder. If the bullet’s trajectory had been slightly off the mark, he would’ve lost his foot!
“You better not mess around, Uncle Jacob.” Natasha threatened frostily.
“How dare you!” Trent roared. “Natasha Harmon, he is your uncle! You’d be disgracing our family if you had hurt him just now!”
“I don’t want to hurt anyone, so you better not force me to,” Natasha responded unrelentingly.
“Y-you bastard! Do you intend to betray your family for that boy?” Trent was furious.
The Harmon family had always lived by a rule-nothing mattered more than the family’s interests, which meant that they could sacrifice anyone if it meant saving their family. Therefore, Natasha’s contradictory actions were seen as a sign of disloyalty.
“All I care about right now is protecting Dustin.” Natasha stood her ground.
“How many bullets do you have, Natasha? Do you even have enough to kill all of us?” Kate
taunted.
“You can try.” Natasha abruptly turned the gun toward Kate, making the latter pale and hide behind her father, worried that Natasha might actually do something outrageous and reckless out of love.
“Are you out of your mind, Natasha? We are your family!” Jessica could no longer remain silent. She was worried her daughter might impulsively hurt someone, making her the family’s enemy.
When Natasha didn’t respond, Jessica turned to Dustin and snapped. “Dustin, are you going to drag my daughter into the mess you created?”
“Natasha, put the gun down.” Dustin reached out and pressed the gun downward to lower it, before turning to face the rest of the people. “I was the one who killed Layla, so the Grants will naturally look for me if they want revenge. Why are all of you so worked up?”
“Hmph! As if things are that simple. Who knows whether you’ll drag our family down with you?” Kate snorted.
“I’m not even close to your family, so why would I drag you down with me?” Dustin answered nonchalantly. “You guys being afraid of the Grants is none of my business, but if you’re trying to capture me to get in their good graces, I’m afraid that’s impossible.”
“Nice speech, but what makes you think you have a say in this?” Jacob sneered. “Why not? I’ve always made the choices for my own life.” Dustin responded.
“This is our territory! We decide your fate!” Jacob declared haughtily.
“I don’t want to fight, but I’ll have no choice if you continue to provoke me,” Dustin warned.
“You sure are a stubborn one. Let’s see how strong you are!” Jacob drew his blade and swung it toward Dustin.
“Stop!”
Out of the blue, a solemn voice boomed. Slowly, a white-haired elderly man strode in with the aid of a walking cane.
“Father?”
“Grandfather?”
Everyone was visibly taken aback to see the old man, who had stepped back from the limelight eight years ago and no longer concerned himself with family affairs. They were puzzled as to why he was there.
“What are you doing here, Father?” Trent welcomed his father hurriedly.
Jacob stopped mid-attack and stood to the side respectfully as well.
“You guys would have destroyed this place if I hadn’t come!” Andrew humphed.
“Father, we still have some things to take care of. Why don’t you go back to your room and rest if you’re feeling unwell?”
Trent reached out to help but Andrew swatted his son’s hand away. “Are you trying to say that an old coot like me has no right to interfere with family affairs anymore?”
There was an ear-splitting bang as the bullet embedded itself inches before Jacob’s foot, making the man jump back in fear.
“H-how could you pull the trigger on me?” Jacob cried, outraged. He never expected Natasha to be the type to do something like that to her elder. If the bullet’s trajectory had been slightly off the mark, he would’ve lost his foot!
“You better not mess around, Uncle Jacob.” Natasha threatened frostily.
“How dare you!” Trent roared. “Natasha Harmon, he is your uncle! You’d be disgracing our family if you had hurt him just now!”
“I don’t want to hurt anyone, so you better not force me to,” Natasha responded unrelentingly.
“Y-you bastard! Do you intend to betray your family for that boy?” Trent was furious.
The Harmon family had always lived by a rule-nothing mattered more than the family’s interests, which meant that they could sacrifice anyone if it meant saving their family. Therefore, Natasha’s contradictory actions were seen as a sign of disloyalty.
“All I care about right now is protecting Dustin.” Natasha stood her ground.
“How many bullets do you have, Natasha? Do you even have enough to kill all of us?” Kate taunted.
“You can try.” Natasha abruptly turned the gun toward Kate, making the latter pale and hide behind her father, worried that Natasha might actually do something outrageous and reckless out of love.
“Are you out of your mind, Natasha? We are your family!” Jessica could no longer remain silent. She was worried her daughter might impulsively hurt someone, making her the family’s enemy.
When Natasha didn’t respond, Jessica turned to Dustin and snapped. “Dustin, are you going to drag my daughter into the mess you created?”
“Natasha, put the gun down.” Dustin reached out and pressed the gun downward to lower it, before turning to face the rest of the people. “I was the one who killed Layla, so the Grants will naturally look for me if they want revenge. Why are all of you so worked up?”
“Hmph! As if things are that simple. Who knows whether you’ll drag our family down with you?” Kate snorted.
“I’m not even close to your family, so why would I drag you down with me?” Dustin answered nonchalantly. “You guys being afraid of the Grants is none of my business, but if you’re trying to capture me to get in their good graces, I’m afraid that’s impossible.”
“Nice speech, but what makes you think you have a say in this?” Jacob sneered. “Why not? I’ve always made the choices for my own life.” Dustin responded.
“This is our territory! We decide your fate!” Jacob declared haughtily.
“I don’t want to fight, but I’ll have no choice if you continue to provoke me,” Dustin warned.
“You sure are a stubborn one. Let’s see how strong you are!” Jacob drew his blade and swung it toward Dustin.
“Stop!”
Out of the blue, a solemn voice boomed. Slowly, a white-haired elderly man strode in with the aid of a walking cane.
“Father?”
“Grandfather?”
Everyone was visibly taken aback to see the old man, who had stepped back from the limelight eight years ago and no longer concerned himself with family affairs. They were puzzled as to why he was there.
“What are you doing here, Father?” Trent welcomed his father hurriedly.
Jacob stopped mid-attack and stood to the side respectfully as well.
“You guys would have destroyed this place if I hadn’t come!” Andrew humphed.
“Father, we still have some things to take care of. Why don’t you go back to your room and rest if you’re feeling unwell?”
Trent reached out to help but Andrew swatted his son’s hand away. “Are you trying to say that an old coot like me has no right to interfere with family affairs anymore?”
###Chapter 532 by Marina Vittori
“Of course not, Father. You will always be the head of the family.” Trent smiled sheepishly.
“Fine. Since you said that, I’ll give you my opinion.” Andrew surveyed the room. “Dustin has saved my life, as well as helped our family multiple times. We are in his debt, so anyone who tries to take him today will be going against me!”
“What?” The group shared dismayed glances. They never expected Andrew to stand up for Dustin during this crucial time. “Father, this bastard killed one of the Grants’ daughters! He will only drag us deeper into this mess!” Trent rebutted.
“Trent is right! We’re doing this for the greater good of the family!” Jacob seconded. “You bunch say such lofty things when you’re just cowards!” Andrew struck the floor with his cane forcefully. “The Grants have been stepping all over us, and instead of standing up against them, you choose to grovel and please them? What an embarrassment to our family!”
“Fath-” “Silence!” Andrew cut off Trent’s words. “Our family has gone through all sorts of trials since its existence. How could we embarrass our ancestors by losing our dignity because of something like this?”
The Harmons lowered their heads in shame, unable to deny that the Grants had shaken them greatly.
“Listen carefully!” Andrew announced. “Our priority should be to save Hector, and not be sitting ducks!”
He made Hector his successor because of how righteous and brave his son was, but now that Hector was captured, the entire family was thrown into chaos.
“Grandfather, we need to borrow the Grants’ power if we want to save Uncle Hector. Our best option is to hand Dustin over to them in exchange for Uncle Trent.” Kate coaxed.
“Nonsense!” Andrew glared at his granddaughter. “The Grants were the ones who framed and imprisoned your uncle, yet you think they’ll help us? What a joke!”
“What? Mr. Hector was imprisoned by the Grants?”
The crowd was dismayed to hear this. After all, framing the head of another family was not a small matter.
“Father, please refrain from making claims without evidence! There are ears everywhere.” Trent reminded seriously.
“Evidence, you say? Sure!” Andrew turned around and called out. “Isfrid? Bring him in.”
Immediately, the leader of the shadow guards dragged a man into the room. The man wore a hood that made it difficult to identify his face and was tightly bound from head to toe.
“See this man? He’s the real murderer!” Andrew yanked off the man’s hood, exposing a familiar face.
It was Hector’s face!
“Mr. Hector?”
Everyone was puzzled by the sight. Hadn’t Hector been captured? What was he doing here?
“Yeah, right. He’s merely wearing a prosthetic mask!”
Andrew sank his fingers into the man’s face and pulled, revealing skin with a sickly pallor.
“I-it’s fake?” The crowd exclaimed, stunned. They never imagined that something like this existed in real life, and it was shockingly realistic too! It was so well made that it nearly fooled everyone.
“Do all of you understand now? Hector was framed, and the ones behind this are the Grants! Are you still going to suck up to those treacherous bastards?” Andrew seethed, rendering everyone else silent.
###Chapter 533 by Marina Vittori
The Harmon family had placed their hope in the Grant family’s help before knowing the truth, but now, they finally understood that running away in fear was useless. If the Grants were willing to go as far as to frame the leader of the Harmon family, there was no way they would care about Hector’s survival.
“What? Cat got your tongue? Remember to use your head next time!” Andrew reprimanded them before turning to look at Dustin. “Dustin, I’m so sorry you had to suffer because I didn’t educate them properly.”
“Not at all, Sir Andrew. Thank you for defending me in time.” Dustin smiled in gratitude.
Although the Harmon family had a few ungrateful individuals, there were still people who were reasonable and just.
“I feel so ashamed… I don’t know what would have happened to our family if you hadn’t helped us catch the real murderer.” Andrew sighed.
Their family prided itself on being a powerful family with countless elites. Yet, when something happened to their leader, it was a young outsider who saved the day.
“Father, it was our shadow guards who caught the killer. What does it have to do with that brat?” Jacob mumbled in displeasure.
“You fool!” Andrew snapped. “If Dustin hadn’t used himself as bait to expose the killer’s whereabouts, do you think that the shadow guards could have captured that man?”
“What? Dustin caught the culprit?” The crowd was astonished to hear that.
“Dustin helped us so much, yet all of you wanted to harm him instead! What a bunch of ungrateful bastards!” Andrew’s blood boiled. “All of you here shall kneel before our ancestral altar and repent your actions!”
Hearing this, the group of people scuttled away dejectedly, letting the room quiet down once
more.
“Thank you for coming, Grandfather, or things would have escalated.” Natasha let out a breath of relief. She had been worried about being caught between a rock and a hard place if the two parties began fighting.
“An old man like me might not be much use anymore, but I can still take care of those brats easily.” Andrew flashed a comforting grin. He had just displayed what it meant to be the head of a patriarchal family.
“Grandfather, how should we deal with this man?” Natasha turned her attention to the
murderer.
“Since we’ve caught the real killer, we must restore your father’s innocence,” Andrew stated
earnestly. “I’ll take a few men with me to visit Sir Moran and explain things to him immediately.”
“Thank you so much, Grandfather.” Natasha nodded.
“Silly girl. There’s no need to thank me. I’ll be off now.” Andrew smiled before leaving with
his men.
“Get some rest, Natasha. I’ll visit you again tomorrow.” Dustin also bid her farewell.
“Can’t you stay with me?” Natasha pleaded, reluctant to be alone.
“I can’t. I’m currently the Grants’ wanted criminal. However, I’ll be coming over to reapply your wound dressing tomorrow.” Dustin consoled her.
“Alright, then. Be careful.” Natasha didn’t press.
“Goodnight.” Dustin smiled and left the room. He was secretly followed by two people, hidden in the darkness.
The night quickly flew by. Early in the next morning, a military vehicle slowly rolled up to the entrance of the Harmon estate.
When the car door opened, a haggard-looking Hector emerged.
“Mr. Hector? He’s back!” The guards at the entrance lit up upon seeing Hector and dashed in to spread the word.
Soon, Natasha and the others came rushing out to greet the man.
“Dad, you’re back! How are you feeling? Are you hurt anywhere?” Natasha fussed over Hector, surprised to see him.
“I’m fine. Sir Moran let me out as soon as they realized that I had been framed,” Hector answered, smiling.
###Chapter 534 by Marina Vittori
The previous night had been a nightmare. Fortunately, the truth was out, and nothing much happened to him. Suddenly, Hector noticed something, and his smile stiffened. “Natasha, your face…
“It’s just a minor injury,” Natasha replied indifferently. “What happened?” Hector frowned. “A lot of things happened while you were gone, Hector.” Jesicca calmly briefed him on what happened. Hector was livid. “The Grants again? They’re crossing the line!”
It was bad enough that they set him up, but they have even hurt his daughter? That was unacceptable! “Don’t worry, Dad. I’m fine now.” Natasha consoled.
“It’s my fault, Natasha. You suffered because I was useless.” Hector blamed himself. If he had known how despicable the Grants were, he would have never agreed to the marriage proposal.
“Nonsense, Dad. We’re lucky just to have you back. Let’s talk more inside.” Smiling, Natasha took her father’s arm and walked into the estate.
Just as they arrived at the meeting room, their butler rushed into the room. “Sir, the Grants just sent us a letter. Please have a look.” The butler held up an envelope and passed it to Hector politely.
“What?” Hector’s expression darkened after reading the letter.
“What’s wrong, Dad?” Natasha leaned closer and soon frowned.
The letter only consisted of a few words, but they couldn’t be more threatening. To sum things up,
the Grants were blaming the Harmon family for Layla Grant’s death, and they claimed that Dustin was the one who ordered the Harmon family to do so.
Now, the Harmon family had two choices. The first was to hand the culprit over and grovel for forgiveness for three days. The second was to carry out the wedding as planned.
They could only choose one of the two choices. If they refused, the Grants would come at them in full force, wreaking havoc.
“It seems like Tyler intends to use his sister’s death as an excuse to force me to marry him.” Natasha frowned, surprised. She thought the Grants would use other backhanded methods, so she didn’t expect them to be so forward.
The Harmon family now had no choice but to choose between submission and war.
172
“Darling, Tyler seems to like you a lot. I think you should marry him.” Jessica coaxed. Tyler and Natasha were still engaged, so the best solution would be to use their marriage to resolve this conflict.
“He doesn’t like me-he just likes himself. I’m nothing but a tool to him,” Natasha retorted icily.
“That’s impossible. He’s willing to resolve this issue peacefully. Isn’t it obvious enough?” Jessica continued to persuade.
“He’s someone who doesn’t care about his own sister’s death. Do you think he’s still a good person?” Natasha shot back.
“But…” Jessica didn’t know what to say.
“Tyler is a power-hungry person. Natasha would never be happy if she married him. We have to reevaluate this marriage.” Hector announced, displeased with the situation.
Previously, he had held out hope for the Grants, but he was now utterly disappointed. There was no way he would watch as his daughter jumped into this pit of fire.
“Hector, it’s clearly written that if Natasha doesn’t marry him, we’ll have to deal with the Grants’ wrath. When the time comes…” Jessica hesitated. She knew that their family wouldn’t be able to withstand the Grants’ retaliation.
“We will face this battle head-on.” Hector inhaled deeply, his gaze turning determined. “If the Grants insist on challenging us, we’ll rise to the occasion. Worst case scenario, our families will no longer be friends.”
###Chapter 535 by Marina Vittori
The next morning, in the president’s office of the Nicholson Corp., Dahlia was sipping a cup of coffee as she went through sheets of financial statements. Just then, someone knocked on her door.
“Come in.” Dahlia put her cup down. “You called for me, Ms. Nicholson?” Dustin pushed the door open and entered. As Chief Security Officer, he needed to check in at the company every day.
“Where were you last night? I couldn’t reach you on the phone.” Dahlia probed just as he stepped in.
“My friend got into some trouble, so I went to help out.” Dustin grinned sheepishly.
“Your friend? It isn’t Natasha Harmon, is it?” Dahlia’s brow rose in suspicion. “No wonder you were so enthusiastic, it turns out you were on a date with a chick.”
Dustin cleared his throat and quickly changed the subject before Dahlia became jealous. “You didn’t call me over just to talk about this, did you, Ms. Nicholson?”
“As if I’m that bored.” Dahlia retorted and rolled her eyes. “An important client is arriving later, and we have to serve her well. Make sure you take care of all matters related to security.”
“No problem.” Dustin nodded.
“It’s almost time for us to meet at the café downstairs. Let’s go.” Dahlia glanced at her watch before grabbing her purse and walking out of the room. Dustin quickly followed suit.
The two of them went downstairs and walked into the café next door. As soon as they sat down, a bright red Ferrari slowly pulled up to the entrance.
The door swung open, and a woman in a red bodycon dress stepped out. Her vibrant scarlet lips, beautiful face, and voluptuous figure were striking, and her long, smooth legs seemed to go on for miles, and her black, sheer pantyhoses only made her more alluring than ever.
“She’s here!” Dahlia sprung up as soon as the woman walked into the shop. Dahlia extended her hand with a kind smile. “Hello, Ms. Larson. I’m Dahlia Nicholson. Nice to meet you.”
“I didn’t think that Nicholson Corp.’s new president would be a woman. How interesting.” Ms. Larson removed her sunglasses, revealing her surprised expression.
“You flatter me, Miss. Please take a seat.” Dahlia gestured to the seat beside her.
“And who might this handsome man be?” Ms. Larson gave Dustin a flirty smile as she scanned
him from head to toe.
“This is our Chief Security Officer, Dustin Rhys. He’s responsible for our security.” Dahlia
172
introduced.
“My safety is in your hands now, Mr. Rhys.” Ms. Larson reached out a hand for Dustin to shake.
“It’s my duty.” Dustin smiled softly and shook her outstretched hand. “You seem familiar, Ms. Larson. Have we met before?” Dustin just couldn’t shake off the feeling that they knew each other.
Ms. Larson giggled. “Your flirting skills still need some work, Mr. Rhys. It’s too old-fashioned.
“Dustin!” Dahlia glared, annoyed. How could he flirt with her client in front of her?
“I must have mistaken you for someone else.” Dustin smiled apologetically.
“I’m so sorry, Ms. Lardon. He’s very inexperienced. Please forgive him.” Dahlia apologized, embarrassed.
“It’s alright. I understand. Men are always like that.” Ms. Larson smirked teasingly, slowly crossing her sexy legs elegantly.
“Let’s get down to business, Ms. Larson.” Dahlia quickly changed the topic. “I suggest
building a casino on the newly developed land. Please take a look at my proposal.” She handed a document to Ms. Larson.
“Let me see.” Ms. Larson accepted the document and began looking through it, but for some reason, she kept peeking at Dustin.
###Chapter 536 by Marina Vittori
Ms. Larson’s gaze was lustful as she peeked at Dustin, who met her eyes calmly. He was still racking his brain, trying to recall where he had seen her before.
“Stop looking!” Dahlia quickly realized what was amiss and gave Dustin a warning kick. This was the second time. Dustin had grown bolder during the past few days since he was gone and didn’t even bother being discreet anymore.
“Ms. Nicholson, I don’t understand these parts. Can you explain them to me?” Ms. Larson placed the document on the table and pointed at a section of the contract.
“Sure, let me explain.” With a professional smile, Dahlia began explaining everything in detail to Ms. Lardon, who wasn’t actually listening.
Ms. Larson silently slipped off one of her heels and brushed her feet against Dustin’s shoe lightly.
“What?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, puzzled.
When he lifted his head, he was met with Ms. Larson’s teasing and flirty smile. He merely drew his eyes away and pretended to see nothing.
Ms. Larson smirked and took a sip of her coffee before slowly brushing her feet upwards, caressing Dustin from his foot to his thigh, making the man jerk and his breathing quicken.
“What on earth is she doing? How could she do something like this in broad daylight? She’s too bold!” Dustin exclaimed to himself. He inhaled deeply and pulled his leg away, pretending nothing happened.
However, this only encouraged the woman to become bolder. She placed her entire foot on Dustin’s thigh and rubbed back and forth invitingly.
Dustin immediately frowned and shot her a warning glare.
In response, Ms. Larson flashed him a coquettish smile and extended her tongue to sensually lick the coffee off the corner of her lips; her movements were undoubtedly alluring.
Once again, Dustin pulled his leg away to put some distance between them. However, Ms. Larson continued to pester him.
Unable to take it anymore, he grabbed her foot and squeezed it warningly.
“Oh!” She moaned, shooting Dustin a sulking look.
“What’s wrong, Ms. Larson? Are you feeling unwell?” Dahlia caught Ms. Larson’s change in expression and asked.
Dustin thought Ms. Larson would make up an excuse; however, the woman suddenly lifted the tablecloth and pointed at her foot. “Mr. Rhys is hurting me.”
Dustin stiffened instantly. What the
“What?” Dahlia looked down instinctively to see Dustin grabbing onto Ms. Larson’s foot tightly, painting quite a raunchy scene.
“I-I didn’t do anything!”
Flabbergasted, Dustin quickly let go of Ms. Larson, looking guilty. He didn’t expect Ms. Larson to be so bold and to play the victim.
“Dustin! Rhys!” Dahlia, whose face was red with anger, seethed through gritted teeth, her expression murderous.
###Chapter 537 by Marina Vittori
“What are you doing, Dustin?” Dahlia’s eyebrows arched above her wide eyes, and she had to restrain herself from biting Dustin directly.
At first, she thought he was only admiring Ms. Larson’s figure. Never did she imagine he would be daring enough to start messing around with someone he was meeting for the first time while completely ignoring her.
“This is a misunderstanding, Dahlia. She was the one who put her foot out.” Dustin blushed. Although he was innocent, he couldn’t help but feel a little guilty.
“So what if Ms. Larson stretched her leg? It doesn’t mean you have permission to touch her.” Dahlia growled.
“I-” Dustin didn’t know how to explain himself.
“Hmph! I had a feeling you were up to no good when I saw you staring at Ms. Larson. Were you having dirty thoughts about her?” Dahlia’s breathing quickened.
Was she not pretty enough? Why was Dustin paying attention to someone else other than her? What a player!
“It’s not what you’re thinking, Dahlia!” Dustin was exasperated.
“Stop making excuses! I saw everything!” Dahlia was fuming at this point. He dared claim that he was innocent after he was caught molesting Ms. Larson!
“Calm down, Ms. Nicholson. I’m sure Mr. Rhys was just messing around.” Ms. Larson just smiled calmly.
“There’s a limit to how far he can go. He obviously had dirty intentions!” Dahlia humphed and shot Dustin a glare.
“It’s fine. I don’t mind.” Ms. Larson took a sip of her coffee, a playful expression on her face.
“What?” Dahlia was taken aback by the other woman’s response and immediately understood that both parties had consented to this.
Her blood boiling, Dahlia slammed her high heel into Dustin’s foot, making him grimace in pain silently.
Just then, her phone began to ring. She took a deep breath and forced a smile. “Please excuse me while I take this call, Ms. Larson.”
As soon as she got up and left, Dustin finally spoke up. “Ms. Larson, this is our first time meeting. I don’t think what you did was appropriate.”
“Are you saying that it’s fine if I did that after getting acquainted with you?” Ms. Larson smirked teasingly.
172
“Of course not!” Dustin immediately refused. “Please mind your manners, especially in public, Ms. Larson.”
“How interesting. Don’t people say that all men are cheaters? Are you going to be an exception?” Ms. Larson giggled, and leisurely stirred her coffee.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Dustin replied coldly.
“I’ll be frank. I’m interested in you, and I want to be your sugar mama, so name your price.” Ms. Larson smirked.
“Sorry, but I prefer to earn my own keep.” Dustin refused without hesitation.
“I don’t mind forcing you, you know?” Ms. Lardon tossed her car keys onto the table. “Isn’t that car gorgeous? She’s the latest Ferrari model. You can have her if you like.”
“Are you insulting me?” Dustin’s brows furrowed.
“Is it not enough? Fine. I have a villa in Amethyst Meadows worth 30 million dollars. I don’t have time to stay there anyway, so it’s yours now.” Ms. Larson pulled out another set of keys.
She sure was flaunting her wealth by giving away such an expensive car and villa so easily. It was easy to imagine how many men dreamed of possessing such a beautiful, rich, and generous woman.
###Chapter 538 by Marina Vittori
Are you trying to bribe me with just a villa? What do you take me for?” Dustin remained indifferent.
“Looks like it’s time to get serious.” Ms. Larson giggled. “How about this? I’ll let you into some insider information. The abandoned buildings in Eastville are going to be redeveloped. Your investment will double tenfold if you can get ahold of them. Of course, how many buildings you can buy depends on your wealth. The more you buy, the more you’ll earn. With enough capital, you’ll easily earn anything between a billion dollars to eight billion. What do you think? Is the offer attractive enough?”
Dustin narrowed his eyes. “Ms. Larson, you’re very generous, but I still don’t understand why you’d tell me about an opportunity that could rake in billions?”
It was their first time meeting, yet Ms. Larson was being extremely generous, even going as far as to offer him a car, a house, and a chance to hit the jackpot. Although Dustin was quite a good-looking guy, it wasn’t enough to charm every woman in the world. Besides, a rich woman like her would have met all sorts of men before him, so he couldn’t help but be suspicious of her.
“Didn’t I tell you earlier? You caught my eye, and I want to be your sugar mama.” Ms. Larson just continued to smile, her intentions hidden.
“Do you think I’ll believe that?” Dustin responded calmly. “I don’t know what tricks you’re up to, but
you better not mess around with me. I’m not someone who knows how to cherish pretty things.”
“How interesting.” Ms. Larson laughed, her shoulder shaking. “I didn’t expect you to be so on guard, miracle doctor. And here I thought I’d have a chance in bed with you tonight.”
“What?” Dustin frowned. “Who are you?”
“Take a guess.” Ms. Larson reached out to cover half of her face, leaving her twinkling eyes exposed. “Can you tell yet?”
“You!” Dustin’s eyes widened as realization dawned.
Her attire might have changed, but her eyes hadn’t. The voluptuous temptress was none other than the Dark Lord’s disciple, Azalea!
No wonder she seemed so familiar to her. She was that witch!
“Finally,” Azalea Larson smirked. “You didn’t expect us to meet again this way, did you?”
“Were you following me?” Dustin demanded with a frown.
“Nope. I’m just here for a business meeting. Me meeting you here was pure coincidence.” Azalea said with a smile.
“What do you want?” Dustin growled.
“Take a guess.” Azalea tilted her head sideways.
“Dustin…” Just then, Dahlia finally returned after wrapping up her phone call, her expression grave.
“What’s wrong?” Dustin was puzzled.
“Some people beat up my mom, and she’s in the hospital right now, so I have to rush over there immediately,” Dahlia explained.
“She was beaten up? What happened?” Dustin was surprised.
“I’m not too sure, either. I’ll know after going to the hospital.” Dahlia focused her attention on Azalea. “My apologies, Ms. Larson, but this is an emergency. Would you mind if we continued this discussion on another day?”
“No problem. You guys should deal with that first.” Azalea nodded.
“Thank you for your understanding, Ms. Larson.” Dahlia flashed a polite smile and pulled Dustin out of there.
Azalea’s lip curled as she watched the two of them walk away and mumbled, “What a fine prey. I haven’t felt so excited in ages. You’ll be mine.”
###Chapter 539 by Marina Vittori
As soon as Dustin and Dahlia reached one of the wards of Ansdale South Hospital, they were greeted by the ghastly sight of Florence moaning in pain, her body wrapped in bloodstained bandages. “How do you feel, Mom?” Dahlia asked worriedly as she walked into the room.
“You’re finally here, Dahlia!” Florence immediately burst into tears and wailed. “I’m so sorry. I made a mistake, and I don’t deserve to live anymore.” She slammed her head into the wall several times, tearing up from the pain.
“What are you doing, Mom?” Dahlia quickly pulled her mother in for a hug to stop her from hurting herself. “Can’t we talk this out? Why are you trying to commit suicide?”
“I-I’m too embarrassed to tell you!” Florence thumped her chest sadly.
“James, what in the world happened?” Dahlia looked at her brother, who was standing next to their mother.
“Mom got scammed. Our savings are all gone now!” He cried.
“Scammed? Elaborate further.” Dahlia frowned.
“Do you remember Julie’s boyfriend, Terrence Stone? He’s that manager at the Brooks Corporation.”
“Of course, I do. Why?” Dahlia nodded.
“He lied to us!” James accused. “We were having dinner with Aunt Victoria last night when he suddenly came up to us and told us that the Brooks Corporation had a new real estate project and asked if we would be interested in investing.
“He claimed that the prices would be low since we’d get a special price because he knew an insider. We thought he was being kind, so we agreed. He promised that our investment would double in return after half a year, and the more we invested, the greater our return. We were blinded by greed and signed the contract stupidly, putting all our money in.
“Then, guess what? When we visited the development site this morning, we realized that the so-called new real-estate project was nothing but a cluster of abandoned buildings! It’s been left alone for years, and now we’re in charge of taking care of this mess! Now, besides wasting all our savings, we’ve also collected huge debts!”
James seethed, regretting their decision last night. They shouldn’t have gotten greedy and fallen into Terrence’s trap.
“Where’s Terrence now?” Dahlia interrogated.
“I don’t know.” James shook his head. “He hasn’t been picking up his phone since morning.
When we wen
“When didn’t g
One shoulde
ww did
complete hain
refund they need, caping th
When we went to ask his company, they said he had been fired and was nowhere to be found!” “When didn’t you tell me about this right away?” Dahlia was displeased with this issue.
One shouldn’t aim too high when they don’t possess the necessary skills. Those individuals were the easiest to scam and swindle money out of.
“We didn’t know he was a scammer, so we got careless and…” James sighed. They had complete faith in Terrence because he was a manager at Brooks Corporation; they never expected that he had been fired a long time ago.
“How did Mom get all beaten up?” Dahlia asked.
“She couldn’t find Terrence, so she went to find the developer instead, demanding they refund us, but they refused, saying that we had already signed the contract, so Mom kicked up a fuss and got into a brawl with someone,” James explained.
“What?” Dahlia frowned. “How much did you lose in total this time?”
###Chapter 540 by Marina Vittori
James merely held out a finger. “Ten million?” Dahlia took a deep breath and tried to suppress her anger. “It’s quite a lot, but at least we can still pay it back. Treat it as the price of a lesson learned.”
“You’ve got it wrong, Sis. It’s not just ten million dollars; it’s a hundred million.” James mumbled weakly. “A hundred million?!” Dahlia paled. “Are you serious? Where did you get so much money in the first place?”
“We had a few million in savings. Then, we used our two villas to take out loans. Mom stole the remaining tens of thousands from you.” James shrank back and confessed softly.
“What?” Dahlia’s blood boiled. “A-are you guys crazy? Taking loans and stealing? Who said you could do that?”
Who in their right mind would sell their house to invest in a business? What a fool!
“It’s all my fault, Dahlia. I’m so sorry. I should die instead!” Florence moaned and began banging her head on the wall again, acting so well that she deserved an Oscar.
“Enough!” Dahlia yelled. “Rather than commit suicide, why don’t you think of a way to take care of this mess?”
“You’re the president of Cardinal Group now. A hundred million dollars shouldn’t be a lot to you, right?” Florence asked tentatively.
“Yeah, right!” Dahlia humphed, irritated. “I borrowed ten billion and merely bought a portion of the company’s shares. It’s not time for dividends yet, so I don’t have any spare cash. Besides, I have a one-billion-dollar loan to pay back, so I’ll be in debt for the next three years!
“What? Is it that serious?” Florence was shocked. She thought Dahlia was living a glorious life after being promoted to President and didn’t know that her daughter was struggling so badly. “Aunt Florence.” Just then, Julie and her mother, Victoria, walked into the room.
“Julie, you’re here. How did it go? Did you manage to find Terence?” Florence sprung up expectantly. Things were still salvageable if they could catch Terrence.
“We couldn’t get ahold of him at all. I’m sure he ran away.” Julie sighed.
“Who knew that he was a swindler? Curse our rotten luck!” Victoria spat.
“Julie, Terrence is your boyfriend. How do you propose we solve this issue?” James demanded.
“What does it have to do with me? I’m not the one who lied to you!” Julie frowned. “Besides,
we’re victims too! We lost a lot of money as well!”
“Who knows if you guys are working together?” James retorted.
“Hey! What do you mean by that?” Julie sprung up and demanded.
“Enough. We’re a family. It’s not the time to fight right now. We should be working together to get past this storm.” Florence placated. “Dahlia, you’re the smartest here. What should we do now?”
“Admit defeat, I guess. Whatever else?” Dahlia grumbled.
“I have an idea.” Suddenly thinking of an idea, Julie whispered. “Since Terrence lied to us, we can do the same to someone else. As long as we find another scapegoat, everything will be fine.
“That’s a good idea. My daughter is so smart!” Victoria’s eyes immediately lit up. Julie was right. Rather than suffering themselves, why don’t they make someone else suffer? They should just act in their own interests.
“That is a good idea, but where will we find the scapegoat?” James rubbed his chin thoughtfully.
“A scapegoat?” Florence thought about it for a second, and her eyes shot to Dustin. Wasn’t there a perfect one right there?
###Chapter 541 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Dustin frowned when Florence’s gaze swept toward him. “Why are you looking at me? Are you telling me to be the scapegoat? What the fuck?” he thought.
“Dustin…” Florence forced a smile. She took an apple out of her fruit basket and handed it to Dustin. “Aren’t you hungry? Here, have an apple.”
“What are you trying to do?” Dustin looked at her warily. It only raised suspicions more with Florence going out of her way to be kind to him.
“Well, you heard what we said, didn’t you?” Florence forced out a sweet, kind smile. “You’ve always been a kind person. I’m sure you can’t bear to see us lose our money like this, so I hope you can do us a favor.”
“What favor?” Dustin had his guard up.
“Don’t you know a few rich women? Why don’t you help us sell off those abandoned buildings?
”
“You’re asking me to scam people for you?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“How could you say that?” Florence feigned innocence. “We’re not deceiving anyone; we’re simply repurposing waste. Those wealthy people aren’t short on money anyway, so think of it as doing a good deed.”
“She’s right!” Julie nodded. “Dustin, the abandoned buildings in Eastville might seem worthless now, but they actually have high potential. We don’t have the financial ability to continue developing them, but they might have a new chance if those who are rich take over them.”
“Hold on.” Dustin raised his hand to stop Julie. “Where did you say the buildings were?”
“Eastville, near the suburbs. Why?” Julie was puzzled.
“The abandoned buildings in Eastville?” After getting confirmation, Dustin smiled. “You guys got lucky. Those buildings are worth a lot of money.”
“Worth a lot of money?” The others exchanged confused glances. They couldn’t understand how that failed investment could be worth any money. Besides, why would they sell those buildings if they knew they were of any worth?
“I heard that those buildings are going to be redeveloped soon, so you guys hit the jackpot this time,” Dustin said with a smile. This was what Azalea had told him earlier at the cafe. He just didn’t expect Florence and the others to be lucky enough to get a head start.
“What nonsense are you spouting?” Julie frowned. “Those buildings have been abandoned for
more than seven years. No one dares to take over it, yet you’re saying that they’re going to be redeveloped? What a joke!”
“She’s right. If they were worth a lot of money, people would have fought to snatch them up instead of leaving them there.” Victoria huffed.
“Where did you get that fake news, Dustin? Shut up if you don’t know anything!” James snapped. It was bad enough that Terrence had successfully scammed them, but did Dustin think that they were idiots? How could he lie to them as well?
“I’m not lying. Those buildings will be astonishingly valuable,” Dustin replied calmly.” There’s a good chance that those properties under your name will multiply in value tremendously in a few days, so you shouldn’t sell them off.”
“Nonsense! Multiply by several times? That’s nothing but wishful thinking!” Julie snapped.
“Even if you’re not going to help, why are you trying to deceive us?” Florence dropped the act, and her tone turned harsh.
“It’s just friendly advice. If you don’t believe me, forget it.” Dustin shrugged. He believed that Azalea wouldn’t tell such a lie, so it was very likely that those buildings were going to shoot up in value soon. It was just that not many people knew about that yet.
“I’m just telling you to find a scapegoat. Why do you keep talking nonsense? You’re so useless! “Florence snapped resentfully.
###Chapter 542 by Marina Vittori
Florence was sure that Dustin was merely refusing to help them. Just then, Julie thought of an idea and said, “Dustin, didn’t you say that those buildings are worth a lot? We’ll sell them to you right now so that you can make a lot of money. What do you think?”
“That’s right!” Florence echoed. “You should buy them since you seem so interested. That’ll benefit both of us.”
“This is your opportunity. How could I take it away from you?” Dustin refused politely. “It’s alright. We’re a family. We’ll be happy if you make money too.” Florence coaxed enthusiastically, gleeful to have found a scapegoat.
“She’s right, Dustin. Don’t worry about it. You shouldn’t miss such a great opportunity.”
“Exactly. Just remember to treat us to a meal when you get rich.”
Everyone smiled so sweetly and acted extremely enthusiastically after finding such a dumb scapegoat.
“Are you sure you want to sell them to me?” Dustin pressed.
“Of course! We won’t take a single penny from you. We just want you to return the principal.” Florence frantically nodded.
“Are you sure you won’t regret your decision?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“I swear it on my life!” Florence swore.
“She’s right. We swear it on our lives.” The others echoed.
“Alright, then. I’ll buy them.” Dustin smiled. There’s no reason for him to refuse free money.
“Are you crazy? Those buildings are worthless! Why would you purchase them?” Dahlia couldn’t watch this go on anymore. She didn’t expect him to actually buy them.
“We should let him buy them if that’s what he wants. Why are you stopping him?” Julie grumbled.
“She’s right. You shouldn’t stop him from earning big money.” Florence shot her daughter a look, telling her to not stop him from being their scapegoat, or they would lose all their
money.
“Enough!” Dahlia frowned. “I don’t care if you try to swindle others, but I won’t allow you to do that to Dustin!”
“We’re not forcing him to buy them; he volunteered.” Julie huffed.
“Don’t buy them, Dustin!” Dahlia warned.
“They’ll be worth a lot of money soon. Just trust me.” Dustin smiled tiredly.
“They’re obviously trying to scam you. Why won’t you listen to me?” Dahlia was frustrated at how stubborn he was being.
“Let them be. I have enough money anyway.” Dustin remained unaffected.
“You!” Furious, she spat. “Fine! Do as you please. I don’t care anymore!” She walked over to the other bed and sat down angrily, ignoring him.
“Forget about her, Dustin. Let’s continue our discussion. Oh, right. James? Hurry up and print out the contract. We should get this over with today.” Florence tugged on Dustin’s arm, worried he might escape.
“No problem!” With twinkling eyes, James dashed out of the room.
“I’ll prepare a contract too.” Julie quickly followed suit.
The contracts were signed twenty minutes later. Dustin received the title deeds, while Florence and the others got back their money.
As soon as they received the money, Florence and the others began cackling and jeering at Dustin, whom they believed was an idiot. They marveled at the idiot they found.
###Chapter 543 by Marina Vittori
“Oh, Dustin. You sure are stupid. How can you treasure such worthless buildings?” Florence grinned smugly. At first, she thought she had wasted all her money, but God blessed them by sending them a scapegoat.
“Thanks, Dustin, or else we’d be doomed.” Florence grinned. “You’re such a saint, Dustin. I must say, I’m impressed!” James exclaimed delightedly and gave the other man a thumbs-up.
“Remember to treat us to a meal once you’ve made your fortune.” Victoria mocked. They had been unfortunate to be swindled by Terrence, but they found someone to take the fall. It was their stroke of luck, or they would have lost all their money.
“I hope you don’t come to regret your decision.” Dustin wore a meaningful smile. “Regret?” They exchanged amused glances and laughed even louder. How could Dustin still not know that something was wrong? An idiot like him deserved to be scammed.
“Dustin, what on earth are you thinking? You shouldn’t be so reckless even if you have some money, right?” Dahlia frowned. She was confused as to why someone who was usually so smart would act so foolishly.
“Everything I say is useless right now, but you’ll understand soon,” Dustin smiled and said.
No matter how many times he advised them, none of them believed him. However, when things settled down, it would be obvious who was the winner.
“Fine! I don’t care anymore!” Dahlia stomped toward the door and halted. “What are you waiting for? Let’s go back to the company!”
“Can I take a leave of absence? My friend happens to be here, so I want to visit him,” Dustin asked. Mr. Robinson was here as well, so he should visit the older man.
“Do whatever you like!” Dahlia humphed and left.
Five minutes later, Dustin stepped into another ward and saw Abigail feeding her father some soup. The father-daughter duo’s relationship improved after the latest incident.
“Sir, you’re here.” Abigail lit up when she saw him.
“I happened to be in the area, so I thought I’d drop by. How’s your dad?” Dustin inquired,
concerned.
“The doctor said he’s healing very well. He should be able to leave in a few days,” Abigail replied.
“That’s good.” Dustin let out a sigh of relief and sat down next to the bed. “Let me know if you need anything, Mr. Robinson.”
“Thank you, Mr. Rhys. You visiting me made me happy enough.” Mr. Robinson smiled. It was rare for someone to care for minor characters like him.
“This is all my fault. You wouldn’t have gotten hurt if not for me.” Dustin felt sorry.
“Don’t say that, Mr. Robinson. I’m just sorry that I couldn’t carry out your request.” Mr. Robinson shook his head.
“Alright, alright. Can you two stop being so sappy? Let’s leave the past behind us.” Abigail interjected, cutting off their conversation.
The person they should be blaming was Torben Hill. Fortunately, Dustin had avenged them by teaching that man a lesson.
“Abigail.” While they were talking, a gorgeous young lady and an elegantly dressed woman walked in. They must be mother and daughter.
Dustin realized that the familiar-looking woman was Ruby Xenos, the person he met in the bar a few days ago.
“What are you doing here, Ruby?” Abigail lit up, and she quickly went to welcome the guests.
###Chapter 544 by Marina Vittori
“I heard that Mr. Robinson was hurt. Of course, I had to visit.” Ruby placed her gifts by Mr. Robinson’s bedside and explained. “These are supplements for you. I wish you a speedy recovery.”
“Thank you.” Abigail nodded her head in gratitude. “I forgot to introduce you to my mom.” Ruby gestured to the woman next to her.
“Nice to meet you, Mrs. Xenos.” Abigail nodded in greeting. “Hello.” Mrs. Xenos nodded with a smile.
“You’re here too?” Ruby was surprised to see Dustin. “The Doyle family didn’t bother you, did they?” “No.” Dustin shook his head. He couldn’t care less about them anyway.
“Mom, this is the guy who helped me in the bar last time.” Ruby smiled.
“Really? Well, thank you very much.” Mrs. Xenos smiled politely.
“It was nothing.” Dustin’s gaze suddenly turned serious. “Mrs. Xenos, may I know if you’ve been feeling dizzy lately?”
“How did you know?” Mrs. Xenos was astonished.
“I could tell since I know a bit of medicine,” Dustin explained.
“I see…” Mrs. Xenos nodded. “You’re right. I have low blood sugar, so I get dizzy sometimes, but it’s nothing serious.”
“I don’t think so,” Dustin replied in a serious tone. “You have bloodshot eyes, shortness of breath, stiff limbs, as well as bulging veins at your temples. If I’m not mistaken, you’re at risk of a cerebral hemorrhage.”
“Cerebral hemorrhage?” Mrs. Xenos frowned; her expression darkened instantly. “You should watch what you say, young man. I had a full-body checkup just recently, and everything was normal. How could there possibly be a cerebral hemorrhage?”
She didn’t expect such a nice-looking person like him to sprout nonsense.
“Mrs. Xenos, I advise you to examine your brain. You could die easily if the condition
worsened.” Dustin advised.
“Nonsense!” Mrs. Xenos humphed. “I’ll let this go since you saved my daughter. Don’t provoke me anymore!” She was unhappy to be told that she might die.
‘Mrs. Xenos, your life is at stake here. You should be careful.” Dustin told her seriously.
1/2
CO
“The doctor said he’s healing very well. He should be able to leave in a few days,” Abigail replied.
“That’s good.” Dustin let out a sigh of relief and sat down next to the bed. “Let me know if you need anything, Mr. Robinson.”
“Thank you, Mr. Rhys. You visiting me made me happy enough.” Mr. Robinson smiled. It was rare for someone to care for minor characters like him.
“This is all my fault. You wouldn’t have gotten hurt if not for me.” Dustin felt sorry.
“Don’t say that, Mr. Robinson. I’m just sorry that I couldn’t carry out your request.” Mr. Robinson shook his head.
“Alright, alright. Can you two stop being so sappy? Let’s leave the past behind us.” Abigail interjected, cutting off their conversation.
The person they should be blaming was Torben Hill. Fortunately, Dustin had avenged them by teaching that man a lesson.
“Abigail.” While they were talking, a gorgeous young lady and an elegantly dressed woman walked in. They must be mother and daughter.
Dustin realized that the familiar-looking woman was Ruby Xenos, the person he met in the bar a few days ago.
“What are you doing here, Ruby?” Abigail lit up, and she quickly went to welcome the guests.
“I heard that Mr. Robinson was hurt. Of course, I had to visit.” Ruby placed her gifts by Mr. Robinson’s bedside and explained. “These are supplements for you. I wish you a speedy recovery.”
“Thank you.” Abigail nodded her head in gratitude.
“I forgot to introduce you to my mom.” Ruby gestured to the woman next to her.
“Nice to meet you, Mrs. Xenos.” Abigail nodded in greeting.
“Hello.” Mrs. Xenos nodded with a smile.
“You’re here too?” Ruby was surprised to see Dustin. “The Doyle family didn’t bother you, did they?”
“No.” Dustin shook his head. He couldn’t care less about them anyway.
“Mom, this is the guy who helped me in the bar last time.” Ruby smiled.
“Really? Well, thank you very much.” Mrs. Xenos smiled politely.
“It was nothing.” Dustin’s gaze suddenly turned serious. “Mrs. Xenos, may I know if you’ve been feeling dizzy lately?”
“How did you know?” Mrs. Xenos was astonished.
“I could tell since I know a bit of medicine,” Dustin explained.
“I see…” Mrs. Xenos nodded. “You’re right. I have low blood sugar, so I get dizzy sometimes, but it’s nothing serious.”
“I don’t think so,” Dustin replied in a serious tone. “You have bloodshot eyes, shortness of breath, stiff limbs, as well as bulging veins at your temples. If I’m not mistaken, you’re at risk of a cerebral hemorrhage.”
“Cerebral hemorrhage?” Mrs. Xenos frowned; her expression darkened instantly. “You should watch what you say, young man. I had a full-body checkup just recently, and everything was normal. How could there possibly be a cerebral hemorrhage?”
She didn’t expect such a nice-looking person like him to sprout nonsense.
“Mrs. Xenos, I advise you to examine your brain. You could die easily if the condition worsened.” Dustin advised.
“Nonsense!” Mrs. Xenos humphed. “I’ll let this go since you saved my daughter. Don’t provoke me anymore!” She was unhappy to be told that she might die.
“Mrs. Xenos, your life is at stake here. You should be careful.” Dustin told her seriously.
“Enough of your nonsense!” Mrs. Xenos turned and walked away briskly. As a woman who people died to please at every moment, she was furious to be cursed by someone.
“I’m sorry. My mom’s in a bad mood.” Ruby was embarrassed. She didn’t expect Dustin and his mother to get into an argument,
“Ruby, we’re going home!” Mrs. Xenos yelled.
“I’ll be off now, Abigail. Take care of your dad.” Ruby left after bidding them farewell.
“You should stay away from scammers like him from now on, or your reputation will be ruined!” Mrs. Xenos snapped.
“Mom, he doesn’t seem to be lying. Why don’t you get it checked out at the hospital?” Ruby advised.
“Do you actually believe him?” Mrs. Xenos glared. “I know my body best. He’s clearly asking for attention. I’ve met countless people like him before!”
“But-”
“Enough! Don’t talk about him anymore. It’s disgusting!” Mrs. Xenos cut off Ruby’s words. Because of her status, people always came up with different ways to butter up to her; this included people like Dustin.
“The weather is nice today.” Mrs. Xenos lifted her head to look at the sun and felt slightly faint.
She barely took a step forward when she felt a sharp pain shoot through her head. The world began to spin, and after a few more steps, her vision turned dark, and she collapsed to the floor.
###Chapter 545 by Marina Vittori
“Mom!” Ruby was shocked when Mrs. Xenos suddenly fainted. She quickly helped her up and tried to wake her up while crying for help. However, her mother remained completely unresponsive. “Where’s the doctor?” Ruby carried Mrs. Xenos on her back and ran back into the hospital.
A bunch of doctors and nurses heard her pleas and quickly came over to perform first aid. An hour later, at the entrance of the emergency room. “Ruby!” A suited man ran over, accompanied by several bodyguards.
“Dad! You’re finally here!” Ruby was so relieved to see him. “Mom suddenly fainted just now, and they’re still trying to resuscitate her, but the doctor said that things weren’t looking good and even asked me to sign a do–not–resuscitate order.”
“Why did she suddenly faint?” George Xenos frowned.
“I don’t know either. She was completely fine earlier.” Ruby looked nervous as well.
“Hurry! Go to Garrison Hospital and bring Dr. Alden immediately!” George ordered the bodyguard closest to him.
“Yes, Sir!” His guard quickly pulled out his phone and began calling someone.
Less than half an hour later, an old man with white hair donning black clothes rushed into the hospital with a team of specialists. Every one of them was a top doctor in Garrison Hospital.
“Mr. Xenos.” The old man greeted.
“Dr. Alden, my wife’s life is in danger. Please save her.” George pleaded solemnly.
“I will do my best.” Dr. Alden immediately rushed into the operating room and took over the operation after he showed his identity.
Although the doctors at Ansdale South Hospital were good, they still had a long way to go to reach the level of the doctors at Garrison Hospital.
After several hours passed, Dr. Alden finally emerged from the operating room.
“Dr. Alden! How’s my wife?” George sprung up.
“Mrs. Xenos had a sudden cerebral hemorrhage. We’ve managed to keep her alive for now, but things aren’t looking good.” Dr. Alden’s expression was gloomy.
“Cerebral hemorrhage?” Ruby was surprised to hear that Dustin’s words had come true.
“Can you treat it?” George frowned.
“It’ll be difficult.” Dr. Alden shook his head and explained. “She is experiencing severe intracranial bleeding caused by an accumulation of blood clots, which is putting pressure on her nerves and causing her to stay unconscious. There’s a high likelihood that she’ll fall into a coma.”
“What? A coma?” Ruby paled. She couldn’t accept that her mother, who had been alive and well just hours ago, was going to have to stay in bed for the rest of her life.
“Dr. Alden, can’t you operate on her head?” George pressed.
Chapter 545
“Unfortunately not. Mrs. Xenos is bleeding extensively in a delicate location. We might
accidentally kill her if we operate on her.” Dr. Alden sighed.
“How could this be? Is there no other way?” George’s expression was pained.
“I’m sorry. I have done everything in my power. Whether or not she can wake up depends entirely on her,” Dr. Alden said helplessly.
As if someone poured a bucket of ice over him, George froze up. He couldn’t imagine his wife
staying in a coma for the rest of her life.
“Dad, someone I know might be able to help,” Ruby said suddenly.
“Who is it?” George broke out of his stupor.
“His name is Dustin Rhys. Not too long ago, he predicted that Mom might have a cerebral hemorrhage. We didn’t take it too seriously at first, but his words came true,” Ruby explained.
“He predicted the cerebral hemorrhage? Is there anyone in this world who can do that?” Dr. Alden was doubtful. How could anyone detect something like that without the aid of tools?
“It is true! I swear!” Ruby exclaimed anxiously.
“It doesn’t matter if it’s true. Just tell him to come over and do what he can.” George ordered. He wasn’t going to let go of this glimmer of hope.
###Chapter 546 by Marina Vittori
“Okay!” Without wasting any more time, Ruby took her phone out to give Dustin a call, and she briefly told him what had happened. “I’ll be there right away.” Dustin ended the call and rushed over to the hospital.
By the time he reached, Ruby’s mother had already been transferred to the VIP ward. Although she was no longer in critical danger, she remained unconscious. When Dustin entered the ward, he noticed that there was quite a small crowd gathered there. Most of them were doctors, and some were bodyguards.
“Dustin! You’re here!” Ruby’s face lit up with hope when she saw him.
“Is this the miracle doctor that you mentioned, Ruby?” As George looked Dustin up and down, he unconsciously frowned. This man was much younger than he’d thought. How medically skilled could a man in his twenties be?
“Don’t judge a book by its cover, Dad! Dustin might be young, but he’s really good at what he does! It only took him a glance and he knew what was wrong with Mom.” Ruby assured.
“Forgive me for being blunt, Miss Xenos, but maybe it was just a lucky guess,” Dr. Alden said. At Dustin’s age, even if he had been practicing medicine since the day he was born, he’d only have 20 -odd years of experience under his belt. If Dr. Alden himself, who had been practicing medicine for over 40 years, could not tell what was wrong with her, how could this young chap?
“Are you sure, young man?” George asked tentatively.
“I wouldn’t be here if I wasn’t,” Dustin answered plainly.
“Alright then, you’ll be handsomely rewarded if you can heal my wife,” George told him earnestly. “Mr. Xenos, are you really going to let him treat her?” Dr. Alden asked with furrowed brows. “Mrs. Xenos is not in a good condition right now. What if anything happens to her?”
“It can’t go any worse than it already is.” George shook his head. What difference would it make whether his wife remained in a coma for the rest of her life or if she were to be dead?
“But-” Dr. Alden wanted to continue but was promptly cut off by George. “Please go ahead, young man.”
Dustin nodded and walked over to Mrs. Xenos‘ bedside before reaching out to check her vitals. A short while later, he told them, “Mrs. Xenos is suffering from severe intracranial hemorrhage which is putting pressure on her nerves. If we don’t get that sorted out immediately, she might end up in a permanently vegetative state.”
Everyone was shocked when they heard what he had to say. Even Dr. Alden, who had doubted his abilities just a while ago, looked astonished. Dustin had simply done a quick check on Mrs. Xenos‘ vitals and was able to tell them exactly what was wrong with her. Was he really that capable? “Can you heal her, young man?” George was instantly enlivened as he saw a spark of hope. He hadn’t held out much hope initially, but judging from what Dustin had just said, he could tell that Dustin really knew what he was doing.
“It wouldn’t be difficult. All that needs to be done is to drain out the blood and see that she takes
Chapter 546
her medications on time,” Dustin said.
“Draining intracranial blood is no easy feat, young man. Besides, with Mrs. Xenos‘ condition,
surgery is not an option,” Dr. Alden reminded Dustin. Ultimately, he still refused to believe that
Dustin was better than him.
“Who said anything about surgery? This can easily be done with needling,” Dustin said matter–of-
factly.
“Needling? Are you kidding me?” Dr. Alden frowned. There was a life on the line. This wasn’t a simple task!
“You don’t believe me? Let’s try and see, shall we?” Dustin couldn’t be bothered to explain any further.
Without saying much more, he took out some silver needles and inserted them into Mrs. Xenos‘ pressure points. One right on top of the head, one near the front hairline, one by each ear, one above each eye, and finally, one on each side of her nape. After inserting all the needles, Dustin channeled energy from within him and directed it toward the needles. The needles vibrated and gave out a soft buzzing sound. Then, wisps of true energy traveled along the silver needles into Mrs. Xenos‘ pressure points.
A brief while later, two streams of black blood trickled out of her nose. The blood flowed out in steady streams until it gradually turned into fresh blood, which was crimson red before it slowly stopped.
“She’ll be fine now.” In one swift motion, Dustin extracted all the needles and kept them neatly in his pocket.
“That’s all? You-” Before Dr. Alden could complete his sentence, Mrs. Xenos groaned softly, and her eyes fluttered open.
###Chapter 547 by Marina Vittori
“S– she’s awake? Everyone was amazed to see that Mrs. Xenos had come around, and they stared at her wide–eyed with disbelief. Nobody had ever thought that this young man would be able to cure Mrs. Xenos of something that even Dr. Alden found impossible. And he managed to do so with just several needles! The entire process had been nothing special and was just plain old needling techniques, but it was exactly because of how simple everything had been that they found it shocking
“H– how is this possible?’ Dr. Alden was completely blown away by what he just witnessed. That was cerebral congestion, and she had been diagnosed as a vegetative patient, for goodness sake! It was such a complicated condition, and he managed to cure her with just several needles? He must be joking!
‘She’s awake! She’s awake! Mom’s awake!” It took Ruby a while to register that her mother was finally awake, but when she snapped back to her senses, she jumped with joy. She had been utterly devastated when she got to know that her mother was in a vegetative state. It was a miracle that she could come around so soon!
“Honey, how are you feeling?” George forced himself to calm down and quickly went up to check on his wife.
“I feel a bit woozy, but apart from that, I’m fine. What’s wrong?” Mrs. Xenos was confused, as she only remembered what happened before she passed out.
“That’s great! It’s great that you’re feeling fine!” George laughed happily after he was sure that his wife was no longer in any danger.
“You really are a miracle healer, young man! I underestimated you! You have exceptional medical skills. I’m impressed!” George shook Dustin’s hand as a sign of respect.
“Don’t mention it. Just remember that reward you promised,” Dustin said without any arrogance. He had only helped them because he felt that it was fate that they crossed paths, so it went without saying that he’d ask for payment.
“Hahaha! I like how direct you are, young man! How much are you asking for? Just state your price,” George said with a chuckle.
“You pay however much you deem fit.” Dustin left it to him to decide how much he was going to
pay.
So, George generously wrote him a 30–million–dollar check and handed it to him. “Please have this, young man. This is a token of my appreciation to you for saving my wife. If you ever run into any difficulties, just come to me, and I promise I’ll help you out of it!”
“Thanks!” Dustin gave the check a flick and put it away in his pocket.
“What happened?” Mrs. Xenos looked around, still trying to figure out what exactly happened to
her.
“Mom! You nearly lost your life due to intracranial hemorrhage! Dustin was the one that saved you! “Ruby was quick to explain the situation to her mother.
Chapter 547
“Intracranial hemorrhage?” Mrs. Xenos was obviously shocked to hear that. Was it possible that he had been telling the truth all along? Had she wronged him?
At the thought of that, she said remorsefully, “I’m truly sorry, young man. I hope you do not take my offensive words to heart.”
“Don’t worry about it. It’s all in the past,” Dustin said with a shake of his head. Hardly anyone would believe it if someone just came up to them and told them that they were going to suffer from intracranial hemorrhage.
“Thank you, Dustin. Had it not been for you, things would have turned out horribly.” Ruby had nothing but appreciation for Dustin.
“Don’t mention it. I’ve been paid for my work,” Dustin said with a faint smile.
“Your medical skills are out of this world, young man. Would you be interested in joining us? We desperately need talented people like you!”
###Chapter 548 by Marina Vittori
Dr. Alden did not hesitate to invite Dustin to join them. His medical skills were truly miraculous, to say the least. It was amazing how he could bring someone from the brink of death back to consciousness with just several needles. Had it not been for his ego, Dr. Alden would have asked Dustin to be his mentor.
“I have no such plans yet. We’ll see when the opportunity arises.” Dustin rejected him nicely.
Then, without anyone asking, he quickly scribbled down a prescription and handed it to Ruby.” Remember to make sure that your mother takes her medications on time. She’ll have to take them for about a month, and she’ll be alright.”
“Thank you, Dustin!” Ruby beamed brightly at him
“I have other plans, so I’ll take my leave now.” Dustin did not stay there much longer and left the hospital soon after. As he left the hospital, Dustin was suddenly reminded that he had yet to change Natasha’s wound dressing today, so he hailed a cab and headed straight for the Harmon
estate.
In the Harmons‘ discussion room, Hector was leading a group of the Harmon family’s key members in a meeting. They had divided opinions over the marriage arrangement.
“Are you really going to break off the marriage alliance, Hector? Have you ever considered what
this would mean to the family?” Trent asked with pinched brows.
“I’ve given things serious consideration, Trent. There shall be no marriage alliance!” Hector meant
what he said. The main agenda of the meeting today was to discuss the breaking off of the
marriage alliance. The Grants had gone too far. He could not sit back and act like nothing had
happened.
“The Grants are already livid over Jayla’s death. If we tell them that we’re breaking off the
marriage alliance, they’ll use that as an excuse to give us trouble, and when that happens, there’s
bound to be massive strife between the two families!” Trent warned.
“The strife has already begun. From the moment the Grants framed me and messed with my
daughter, there was already no alliance. What we need to do now is strengthen our defenses and be prepared,” Hector said coldly.
“Must things really come to this? We’ll be in a terrible predicament if we really burn bridges with
the Grants.” Trent’s expression was tense.
“I wish that the family can develop in peace too, Trent. But with the difficulties we are facing, both internally and externally, people out there will only see it as an opportunity to take advantage of us if we do not act firmly. We cannot compromise anymore!” Hector said with a
resolute tone.
If the Harmons backed off once, they’d have to do it again in the future, and the Grants would only behave even more ruthlessly at that time.
Hector thought that it’d be better for the Harmons to face the Grants head–on while they still had
Chapter 548
the means to do so. And even if they lost, they’d lose with their heads held high.
“Why are you silent, Jacob? Talk some sense into Hector!” Trent signaled at Jacob frantically to persuade Hector.
“What’s the point? Hector is the head of the family. He has the final say in every matter.” Jacob seemed to have given up on contributing any thoughts.
“Jacob, this is a family meeting. Everyone is free to voice their thoughts. I will consider your suggestions if you come up with any good ideas.” Hector encouraged.
“Alright, then I’ll tell you what I think.” Jacob cleared his throat before he continued. “Hector, I know that Natasha is reluctant to marry Tyler, but the consequences of breaking off the marriage alliance are severe. I think that we should just change our strategy slightly.”
“Oh? Change our strategy? How so?” Hector asked with a lift of his brows.
“It’s simple. There are many eligible young ladies in the Harmon family who are of marriageable age. Since your daughter is unwilling to marry Tyler, then we’ll send someone else to marry him. As long as we have a marriage alliance, it doesn’t matter who marries him,” Jacob said plainly.
“Send someone else?” The rest of the family began whispering among themselves when they heard Jacob’s suggestion. It seemed like a decent enough proposal. Natasha might not agree to marry Tyler, but there were other people who would readily agree to the marriage. Tyler was an excellent candidate that many women would die to be married to.
“But Jacob, there has been so much conflict between the two families. No matter who we send to marry Tyler, we’d be sending her into an extremely risky situation.” Hector was torn as to whether or not he should take Jacob’s suggestion.
“Someone has got to take one for the family. Since your daughter is unwilling to be the one to do so, we’ll just have to get someone else,” Jacob said.
“You’re right, but who else would be good enough for Tyler?” Trent pondered for a suitable candidate. They could not just send any other girl to marry Tyler. He was General Lionheart, a truly brilliant man. Natasha was the only one in the entire Harmon family who was barely good enough for him.
“Me!” Just then, Kate stood up and declared confidently. “Be it looks or ability, I’m not far off from Natasha. I’m the most suitable candidate to marry Tyler!”
###Chapter 549 by Marina Vittori
“You?” Trent was caught off guard when he saw Kate step forward. He had never thought that his daughter would come forward in the family’s time of need.
“That sounds good. I think Kate is indeed a suitable candidate. We should consider letting her take Natasha’s place for the marriage alliance,” Jacob vouched for Kate.
The rest of the family nodded in agreement when they saw Jacob backing Kate up. They were convinced that Kate was just about as good as Natasha, both in looks and abilities. It really wasn’t a bad idea to let her marry Tyler.
“Kate, this is no laughing matter. You should consider it carefully,” Hector warned sternly. “Uncle Hector, I’ve given it much thought. Since Natasha is reluctant to marry Tyler, I’ll do it,” Kate announced boldly.
“Are you really willing to sacrifice yourself for the family?” Hector asked once again.
“Well, someone has got to do it, so it might as well be me. This is my responsibility as a Harmon!” Natasha declared righteously. Although she put on a dignified and honorable front, she was
actually elated inwardly.
Sacrifice? What a joke! Tyler was powerful, influential, and had a high social standing. He had a promising future! And on top of that, he had the looks to match. It would be a dream come true for Kate if she were to marry such an excellent man!
Since the beginning, Kate had always been indignant that Natasha would be the one to marry Tyler. Never in her wildest dreams had she ever thought that Natasha would willingly choose to
break it off.
But now that the opportunity of a lifetime had presented itself to her, Kate wasn’t about to let it go. This was her one chance to step into the elite circle. If she were to marry Tyler and become the next matriarch of the Grant family, she’d possess such vast powers!
“You’re Kate’s father, Trent. What do you have to say about this?” Hector turned to Trent for his opinion before deciding on the matter. From how he saw it, the Grant household was a dangerous place to be in. He really could not bring himself to subject his niece to such suffering.
“Well …” Trent frowned, obviously caught in a dilemma. Under normal circumstances, it would have been a great thing to be married to Tyler. But with how things were currently, where both families had had such a major fallout, he couldn’t say for sure whether it was a good thing.
“Dad! I’ve put my mind to it. Nothing anyone says can change my mind. Besides, you’re their older brother. You should lead by example!” Kate gave her father a wink, signaling him to just go with. it. She was worried that her father might not get what she meant and decided to turn down the opportunity. After all, chances like these did not come by often. She did not wish to pass it up.
“Well, since Kate is adamant, I have nothing to say.” Trent shook his head. He was sure that with his daughter’s wits, she was bound to have something up her sleeves. He did not want to stand in
her way.
“What do the rest of you think?” Hector turned to face the rest of the family to get their say on the
1/2
Chapter 549
matter.
“Kate is doing this for the family! We should support her!”
“That’s right! There’s no better alternative anyway!”
The crowd was quick to voice their approval. It didn’t matter to them who married Tyler. All they were concerned about was the success of the marriage alliance to protect the interest of the family.
“I have everyone’s support, Uncle Hector. Surely you can’t say no?” Kate asked cautiously.
“Sure, I can agree to it. But the question now is, will Tyler agree to it?” Hector suddenly came in from a different perspective. It served no purpose for them to be so worked up over the prospect of Kate replacing Natasha because the final decision rested with Tyler.
“Uncle Hector, I’m not lacking in the looks department, and I’m much more talented than Natasha. I’m certain Tyler will not reject me.” Kate had all the confidence in the world.
“Why don’t we ask him to find out?”
###Chapter 550 by Marina Vittori
Jacob stood up and enunciated each word slowly. “I will go to the Grants with Kate to talk about the marriage arrangement in detail.” “Thank you for backing me up, Uncle Jacob!” Kate was overjoyed.
“I’ll leave the task to you then, Jacob.” Hector nodded at him. “Wait for our good news, everyone!” Jacob looked around the room and nodded at his brothers before leaving with Kate in tow. Hector seemed deep in thought as he watched them leave.
Over in Natasha’s room, she laid on her bed with her eyes closed as Dustin sat beside her, meticulously applying an ointment to her wound. The wound on Natasha’s face wasn’t severe, and after applying some of Dustin’s special ointment, it was clearly much better than it had been before.
“Sis! I have good news!” Ruth barged into the room excitedly. “Oh? What’s the good news?” Natasha asked with her eyes still closed, enjoying the attentive treatment Dustin was giving her.
“Uncle Jacob suggested that someone else take your place for the marriage alliance during the meeting earlier on, and Kate stood up and volunteered herself! She said that she would take your place and marry Tyler. Everyone agreed!” Ruth announced with joy.
“Kate offered to marry Tyler?” Natasha sat up in surprise when she heard what Ruth said. “Are you
sure that you heard right, Ruth?”
“Of course! I heard it loud and clear!” Ruth nodded with certainty. “Uncle Jacob and Kate have
already left for the Grants to discuss the matter. As long as Tyler agrees to it, we’ll have nothing left to worry about!”
“That’s great! Kate has always been after wealth and status, anyway. She’d be the best candidate to marry Tyler!” Natasha was glad.
“That’s right! You won’t need to suffer; Kate will get what she wants; and both families will be at
peace with each other. We’ll be getting the best of both worlds!” Ruth smiled brightly.
“Ladies, it’s too early to be happy just yet. I’m afraid things might not be so easy.” Dustin put a damper on the situation.
“What do you mean? Isn’t it a good thing that my sister will not have to marry Tyler?” Ruth asked curiously.
“Of course it is, but the question is, would Tyler agree to it?” Dustin proceeded to explain his view on the situation. “I’ve only met Tyler once, but I can tell straight off the bat that he’s an arrogant and conceited person. And people like him rarely accept changes once they’ve made up their
mind.”
The Harmon sisters frowned when they heard that.
“So what you’re saying is that Tyler will not agree to the swap?” Natasha probed.
1/2
Chapter 550
“He will most likely refuse the notion.” Dustin put his ointment away and handed Natasha a glass of water before stating nonchalantly, “Things would have worked out fine if he had been the one who came up with the idea of swapping, but he would never accept it if others were the ones to suggest it and mess with his marriage.”
“No way, he can’t be so stubborn, can he?” Ruth could not seem to believe it.
“This isn’t about being stubborn. It’s the sense of superiority that he was born with. Simply put, he’s the only person who’s allowed to be in charge, and no one else is allowed to challenge that,” Dustin expounded.
“You say it like it’s already set in stone. Well, what if Kate succeeds?” Ruth challenged.
“Of course, it’s best if she succeeds, but all I’m saying is that you shouldn’t bear high hopes.” Dustin wasn’t entirely sure either.
“Ruth, go wait in the meeting room. Inform me as soon as you get any news,” Natasha instructed.
“Alright.” Ruth nodded and left.
Around dusk, Jacob and Kate finally returned to the Harmon estate. They didn’t look too pleased.
“How’d it go, Jacob? Did Tyler agree to it?” Trent immediately stood up and asked Jacob the
moment he saw the two of them coming in through the doors.
“Like hell, he agreed!” Jacob was riled up. “Tyler Grant is as stubborn as a mule! No matter what I said or what offers I made him, he simply refused to agree! He insists on marrying Natasha, and that’s the end of the discussion. He even threatened us, saying that if Natasha did not appear as his bride on the day of the wedding, he’d bring his troops in and annihilate all of us Harmons!” A commotion broke out in a split second.
###Chapter 551 by Marina Vittori
“What? He threatened to send his troops?” Everyone was startled by the news Jacob brought. They had all thought that things would run smoothly. As long as Tyler agreed to their proposal, the marriage alliance would still be on. Who’d have thought that this was how things turned out?
“I just don’t get it. What am I lacking compared to Natasha? Why would Tyler refuse to marry me?” Kate hissed through gritted teeth, livid. As a woman, she had lowered herself so much by going to the Grants to offer her hand in marriage. Not only had Tyler not appreciated the gesture and thrown her out, but he also did not even spare her a glance once the entire time! It was pure humiliation!
“So Tyler rejected the swap, and Natasha refuses to marry him. Now what?” Someone asked.
“I say we go head– on against them!” Kate exclaimed in frustration. “Since Tyler isn’t showing us any respect, I don’t see why we should honor them either!”
“Watch your words, Kate!” Trent immediately stopped her from continuing. They never knew who might be listening in on them, so they had to practice caution with every word they said.
“You’re the leader of the family, Hector. You decide!” Jacob took his seat huffily and downed an entire cup of tea. He had been thoroughly put to shame at the Grants earlier on and needed something to calm his nerves.
“Since the suggestion for the swap has been rejected, we’ll have to find other means of getting out of the wedding alliance,” Hector said gravely.
“Here’s my plan. I’ll have my 50th birthday celebration in advance, and hold it on the same day as the wedding. I’ll organize a huge banquet and invite everyone we know.”
“A celebration for your 50th birthday?” Nobody seemed to understand what Hector had in mind. How would it help to have his birthday celebration in advance?
“What you’re suggesting, Hector, is to pressure the Grants into backing off with the celebration?” Trent seemed to catch on very quickly.
“Precisely.” Hector nodded. “Since Tyler insists on forcing Natasha into the marriage, I’ll hold a huge celebration on the same day, and invite all the rich and famous that we know. I’m sure the Grants would dare not act rashly in the presence of all the elites.”
“You make a good point there …” Trent considered as he rubbed his chin. “We have always made sure to stay in others‘ good books and made many valuable connections. It’s time we showed the Grants who we have behind us. It might make them stop and rethink their choices before acting recklessly.”
“Hector, your suggestion is only a temporary solution. At the end of the day, the root of the problem still exists. What will we do if Tyler really sends his troops?” Jacob went straight to the point. The Grants were so powerful because they had strong military backgrounds. That was the only reason why nobody dared to mess with them, and the sole reason why the Harmons feared them .
“I’ve considered that too, so I’ve contacted Sir Moran in hopes that he’d be able to help us,” Hector said. Sir Moran was a regional deputy chief who was immensely powerful, and based on military ranks, he was considered Tyler’s superior.
“Will Sir Moran agree to help us?” Jacob had his doubts.
“Jayla had put Sir Moran’s daughter in trouble before. Though she might be dead now, the hatred he has for them will not vanish just like that. We will make use of this and have him help us out,” Hector explained.
“If you really do get Sir Moran on our side, then there’s still hope for us!” Trent looked hopeful.
“I’ll try my best to persuade Sir Moran before the birthday banquet!” Hector announced resolutely. Sir Moran’s powers were their only hope of getting through the mess with the Grants.
“Why would you need to go to anyone else for help when I’m here, Uncle Hector?” A deep voice boomed in the meeting room. Soon after, a well–built man in a military uniform walked in with his head held high, and trailing behind him were two adjutants.
“Dylan?” The crowd was pleasantly surprised to see the man because he was none other than Dylan Harmon, Jacob’s son!
Dylan was stationed at the country’s borders year–round and would only be home once a year. Nobody had expected him to be back so soon!
###Chapter 552 by Marina Vittori
“Why are you back so soon, Son? Weren’t you warding off enemies at the borders?” Jacob quickly went up to his son joyfully once he snapped out of the initial shock of seeing Dylan.
“Everything’s peaceful over at the borders now, so I took a few days off to come back for a bit.” Dylan chuckled.
“Good, that’s good… It’s great to see you back! I haven’t seen you in a year! You look even more ripped now!” Jacob patted Dylan on the back delightedly. He was pleased with his son’s achievements. Out of all the members of the younger generation in the Harmons, Dylan was the most accomplished of all.
“I’ve got good news, Dad. I’ve been promoted! I’m now a high– ranking commander in the Dark Panther Cavalry. I’ve got over a thousand men working under me!” Dylan announced proudly.
“What? A high–ranking commander?” An excited chatter broke out among the crowd, who were all delightfully surprised to hear that. There were also some who were envious of his progress.
As a high– ranking commander, he was just one step away from becoming a deputy general, and Dylan wasn’t even 30 years old yet! To achieve what he had now, especially at such a young age, Dylan had a bright future ahead!
“Hahaha! Great! That’s amazing!” Jacob laughed heartily. “My son is amazing! He’s been promoted again in just a year! I’m proud of you, Son!”
“Like father, like son!” Trent exclaimed enviously. “You’ll be as great as Tyler Grant, if not better than him in the future, Dylan!”
“The Harmon family has produced yet another amazing talent!” Hector was pleased too. Dylan wasn’t far off from becoming a general if he was already a high–ranking commander before the age of 30.
“Congratulations, Dylan! You’ve attained the greatest heights out of all of us! Don’t forget about me when you make it big one day!” Kate sucked up to Dylan.
“What are you saying, Kate? We’re family! If you ever need anything, just let me know!” Dylan reassured with a pat on his chest. “Hahaha! You’re the best!” Kate giggled.
“Right, Dad, you were talking about the Grants. What about them?” Dylan changed the topic.
“Well, this is how things are right now…” Jacob briefed Dylan about everything that went on in the family.
After Dylan heard what had happened, he laughed. “Dad, Uncle Hector, don’t you worry! With me here, Tyler won’t dare to step out of line.”
“You may be a high– ranking commander, Dylan, but Tyler is a general. I’m afraid…” Jacob left his sentence hanging. It was true that his son was capable and brilliant, but he was still lower in power compared to Tyler.
“Dad! Don’t forget that I’m from the Dark Panther Cavalry! Even deputy generals have to treat me with respect!” Dylan boasted conceitedly.
1/2
The Dark Panther Cavalry differed from ordinary units. They were the best of the best, and all the high–ranking commanders from the Dark Panther Cavalry were elites. If they were to be
transferred to other units, they could easily be promoted to deputy generals. That was the prestige of the Dark Panther Cavalry.
“Dylan, Tyler is not just a deputy general. He’s been given the title of General Lionheart, and he’s an official of the third rank!” Jacob reminded him.
“So what if he’s a third–ranking official?” Dylan scoffed condescendingly. “My general is the Scarlet Warrior, who is well–known across the whole of Dragonmarsh! And she’s a first–ranking official!”
“What? The Scarlet Warrior?” Everyone was astonished.
The Scarlet Warrior was one of the two aces of the Spanner family. She was on par with Adam Spanner, the God of War, and was also the only female general in Dragonmarsh, earning her the title of Goddess of War. Her achievements were extraordinary, and she was skilled in both civil and military strategies, which was why she had such high military standing. Almost everyone in Dragonmarsh knew her.
“My son! I never knew that your general was the Scarlet Warrior! That’s awesome!” Jacob was both surprised and elated. It was an honor not only for Dylan himself but even for the whole Harmon family to have him fight alongside the Scarlet Warrior.
“Well, Dad, do you still reckon that Tyler would act recklessly now?” Dylan asked with his chin lifted high. Though he did not exactly hold a high military position himself, he had the Scarlet Warrior backing him up. With such strong connections, who would dare mess with him?
“Hahaha! Even Tyler has to give way to the Scarlet Warrior! He’s no match for her!” Jacob laughed triumphantly. “That’s great! There’s hope for us!” The rest of the family cheered.
What a turn of events! With Dylan’s return, the Harmons finally had hopes of turning the tables. The Grants were in for a shock on the day of the birthday banquet!
###Chapter 553 by Marina Vittori
Over the next few days, the Harmons began sending out invitations and busied themselves with preparations for Hector’s 50th birthday celebration. As one of the Fabulous Five, the Harmons were a large family with lots of connections, and the leader of the family, Hector, was widely revered.
Hence, when news got out that Hector was celebrating his birthday, it sent almost half the city into an excited frenzy. Countless celebrities, wealthy elites, and influential figures were eager to attend the event.
Bright and early in the Harmon estate five days later, the entire household bustled with activity. It was truly a grand affair, as not only was it Hector’s birthday celebration, but it was also the day that Tyler was coming for Natasha. The Harmons needed all the support they could get to pressure Tyler into backing off.
Back in her room, Natasha studied her face in the mirror, admiring how fair and supple her skin was now. She was pleasantly surprised by how well the wound healed. She had steered clear of mirrors for quite a while after her face was wounded, as she dreaded seeing the state her face was in.
But now, there was absolutely no trace of the ghastly wound, and it did not even leave behind a scar. In fact, her skin seemed to glow under Dustin’s careful nursing. It was apparent that Dustin’s ointment was not only capable of healing wounds, but it also had beautifying effects.
“Who’d have thought that your ointment was so effective, Dear? There’s not even the slightest hint of a scar!” Natasha caressed her face in awe.
“I told you that there wouldn’t be a scar, didn’t I? Do you trust me now?” Dustin smiled.
“This is brilliant! Immortunol can restore a person’s beauty, and this ointment can heal wounds without leaving a scar. If we put both of them together, they’d be a hit!” A superb idea hit Natasha then and there, and her eyes lit up. “Can you produce this ointment in large volumes, Dear? With advertising done right, I’m certain this will be our next bestseller!”
“You’ve got such a sharp mind! But I’m afraid I’m going to have to let you down this time.” Dustin shook his head with an amused smile. “The ingredients used for this ointment are too precious. Some of them are worth their weight in gold, so it’d be tough to manufacture them in bulk. I only make them for my own use.”
“What a shame.” Natasha was disappointed at the missed opportunity to haul in yet another fortune. As a self–made businesswoman, it was almost instinctive for her to identify and seize every opportunity to generate income and profit.
“Of course, if you think that it’s got potential, I can change up the formula a bit,” Dustin suggested. “I can swap out the rare herbs for other more common ingredients, and it’ll bring down the cost by
several folds. However, the effects will be affected
“How so? Will it still be able to heal wounds without leaving scars and rejuvenate the skin?” Natasha probed.
“Of course, it will, but it’ll take a longer time for wounds to heal,” Dustin answered.
“That wouldn’t be a problem as long as it could work.” Natasha’s eyes lit up again.
1/2
Chapter 553
“Alright, I’ll pass you the formula in a few days then.” Dustin smiled.
“We’ve got a deal! As usual, we’ll split the profit in half!” Natasha beamed at him. She was glad to have found yet another source of income, and she was confident that as long as they advertised it well, this ointment would generate no less income for them than the Immortunol had.
“Sis…” Just then, Ruth came in through the door. “Dad wants to meet you in the meeting room.”
“Okay.” Natasha nodded and was about to bring Dustin along with her.
“Sis, Dad said that he wants to meet you alone,” Ruth said.
“Alone?” Natasha raised a brow.
“Maybe it’s something private,” Dustin said as he shot her a smile. “Run along; I’ll wait for you in the banquet hall.”
“Okay. I’ll be back soon.” Natasha then quickly left with Ruth. Dustin stretched lazily before he left for the banquet hall.
###Chapter 554 by Marina Vittori
It was the day of Hector’s 50th birthday celebration, and many elites and prominent figures showed up for the event. Though the banquet had yet to commence, there was already quite a crowd in the banquet hall, and more guests arrived as time went on.
“Dustin? What are you doing here?” Dustin heard a woman ask from behind him. He turned around to see several familiar faces that he had met once, quite some time ago. They were Adriana, Zoey, Gordon, Zeke, and several others. These were Natasha’s classmates from her school days.
The first time he met them, Adriana had some troubles due to her contract and was harassed by a manager working for the Langfords. He had helped her out of the situation and beaten up the manager. After Luis Langford returned to Stonia, Dustin had never met these people again, so it was quite a surprise to meet them again.
“Hey! I asked you a question! Why are you not answering me? How rude!” Zoey was displeased by
his reaction, or rather, the lack of it.
“Of course, I’m here to celebrate Mr. Harmon’s birthday. Why else would I be here?” Dustin stated calmly. Apart from Adriana, this bunch of people had not left a good impression on him.
“Hah! I see you’re still hounding Natasha! Don’t you know where you stand?” Zeke ridiculed.
“I’ve got a piece of advice for you, Dustin. Natasha is the heiress of a wealthy family. She’s way out
of your league, so you better take a good look in the mirror before you come badgering her,” Gordon said meanly.
They saw Dustin as nothing more than a typical boy toy who had no means of providing for
himself and only knew how to sweet–talk women, so they deemed him unfit for their sophisticated circle.
“You should stop looking down on others. How do you know that she’s out of my league?” Dustin
asked.
“Hah! You’re just a country doctor with no social standing, a prominent background, or any skills. How could you ever be good enough for Natasha?” Gordon questioned condescendingly.
“How ignorant.” With a shake of his head, Dustin turned to leave. He could not be bothered to exchange words with such close–minded people. To begin with, it wasn’t like they were chummy, so he saw no need to engage in a conversation with them.
“You stand right there!” Zoey blocked his way and frowned as she reproached him. “What’s up with your attitude, Dustin? Had Gordon not spoken to Mr. Langford on your behalf back when you beat up their manager, they’d most likely have maimed you so badly that you’d be crippled now! Gordon saved you! But not only are you unappreciative of his kindness, you even give him such an attitude? Do you have any manners?”
“Exactly! You’ve got Gordon to thank for helping you out! Do you think you’d still be alive had it not been for him?” Zeke echoed.
When Gordon heard what they had to say about him, he straightened up and puffed up his chest proudly.
“He saved me?” Dustin found them ridiculous. “You lot must be deluded. I did teach the man a
lesson; there’s no mistaking that. But I definitely did not need any saving from Gordon. Besides, he isn’t capable of doing so either.”
“What?” Gordon’s expression darkened when he heard Dustin’s words. “Who do you think you are? And who are you to say whether or not I’m capable of doing anything?”
“Well, am I wrong? If you were capable of saving me, then why didn’t you do anything when you were beaten up?” Dustin refuted.
“You-” Gordon was silenced. It was still embarrassing for him to recall how the Langford manager had busted his head with a bottle.
“Stop spouting nonsense, Rhys!” Zeke glared at him and raised his voice. “They had the numbers, and we were at a disadvantage; that was the only reason why we endured it. We made them pay for it after!”
“That’s right! Only a brute would act hastily. Gordon’s a gentleman, it’s only a given that he wouldn’t lower his standards to that of a brute’s!” Zoey parroted.
“Better to be a brute than a chicken.” Dustin didn’t hold back. “You took everything they did to you without so much as a protest; how dare you brag and talk smack to me now?” 
They all flushed in embarrassment at Dustin’s words.
###Chapter 555 by Marina Vittori
“Y–you, you … What did you just say?! Where are your manners, you uncultured swine? How vulgar!” Zoey was upset by Dustin’s words. Although Dustin calmly spoke, his words hit right where they hurt.
“You’re right! A country bumpkin will always be a country bumpkin! He’s got no manners at all!” Zeke was livid. With his privileged background and high educational status, he had never been insulted in such a manner, much less by someone who he considered much lower in status than him.
“The way I behave depends on the person I’m talking to. Do you expect me to treat you with respect when you’re blatantly belittling me?” Dustin asked coldly. “You!” Zoey clenched her jaws and found that she was at a loss for words.
“Come on, we’re all Natasha’s friends. Let’s not make things ugly over a small matter.” Adriana quickly tried to smooth things over and ease the tension when she saw that things were starting to escalate. It was Mr. Harmon’s 50th birthday celebration today. There was no doubt they’d be creating trouble for the Harmons if they were to have a row there.
“Forget it. Let’s just ignore the loser. We don’t want to stoop down to his level.” Gordon swiftly collected himself and shot Dustin a scornful look.
“You’re right. It’s wasted effort debating with uncultured people.” Zoey shot Dustin a side–eye.
“Hah! He’s just a boy toy with a glib tongue. What else is he capable of?” Zeke insulted.
“Chicken.” Dustin spat before finding a seat by the side and proceeded promptly to ignore them.
“You!” They were so irked that they almost lost their cool again. They had started out intending to disgrace Dustin in order to make him stay away from Natasha and to flaunt their superiority, but in the end, they failed miserably. Not only did they not gain an upper hand over Dustin, he even put them to shame. It was frustrating indeed!
Just as they were still indignant over the unpleasant exchange, a commotion broke out by the entrance. They looked up to see a hunky man clad in military uniform, with two adjutants following behind him. Following close beside him was a charming woman with a shapely figure.
“Hey, who’s the army man? He looks so cool!” Zoey’s eyes lit up.
“If I’m not mistaken, he should be Mr. Jacob’s son, Dylan Harmon!” Gordon answered.
“Dylan Harmon? What a nice name!” Zoey’s eyes remained glued to Dylan.
“As far as I know, Dylan’s a high– ranking commander in an elite unit. He’s just one step away from becoming a general. He has a mighty bright future ahead!” Gordon exclaimed enviously.
Dylan’s return had been quite the talk of the town recently. Countless scions of prominent families tried their best to curry favor with him due to his high military position and also because he was from the Dark Panther Cavalry.
“He is hot, comes from a wealthy family, and to top it all off, he is crazy talented. Where do you find a man like this? I think I’m in love!” Zoey swooned over Dylan with hearts coming out of her eyes. He was powerful, rich, and, most importantly, handsome. Was he not the embodiment of the man of her dreams?
“Zoey, I don’t mean to discourage you, but people like Dylan are bound to have crazy high standards. They won’t fall for the regular girl,” Gordon reminded her.
“Nothing is for sure. I have the advantage of having Natasha on my side. Who knows? Things might just work out?” Zoey wasn’t the least bit discouraged by Gordon’s reminder. She wasn’t about to let such an exceptional man slip past her fingers now that he had appeared in front of her.
“Hey Gordon, who’s the lady beside Dylan Harmon? She’s beautiful and very elegant, I must say!” As opposed to Zoey, Zeke had his eyes on the lady.
“She’s Dylan’s cousin and Mr. Trent’s daughter, Kate Harmon,” Gordon introduced.
“Kate Harmon? That’s a sweet name!” Zeke rubbed his chin and asked cheekily, “Say, do you think I stand a chance, Gordon?”
###Chapter 556 by Marina Vittori
“You have just about as much chance of winning her over as I have with Natasha,” Gordon told him bluntly. Kate was as beautiful as Natasha, so it would not be easy to court her.
Zeke laughed. He said excitedly, “Then we’ll both have to work harder!”
“The Harmon family has such perfect genes! Every one of them looks gorgeous. If I marry Dylan, I’m sure we’ll have such beautiful babies!” Zoey exclaimed giddily. Her words left the rest of them speechless. She had not even so much as spoken a word with him, and she was already thinking about having his babies?
“Hey! It looks like they’re coming our way! Could he have noticed my beauty so soon? Oh no! Is my makeup in perfect condition?” Zoey was overjoyed to see Dylan walking in their direction and immediately whipped out her compact mirror to touch up her makeup. Gordon and Zeke swiftly sucked in their stomach and puffed up their chests, trying to look like distinguished gentlemen. “Dylan, that guy in white is Dustin Rhys, Natasha’s good–for–nothing boyfriend. Had it not been for him, our family would not be in such trouble. Besides, my brother Quentin’s death was also because of him!” Kate caught sight of Dustin sipping on his tea the moment she came in through the door. A cold glint of hatred flashed in her eyes.
“Why is Natasha still hanging around such a pain in the neck? Has she been blinded by him?” Dylan was annoyed by his presence.
“It’s too bad I’m a woman, or I’ll make sure to teach him a good lesson!” Kate egged on.
“Leave the dirty job to me, Kate. I’ll make sure he learns a lesson he’ll never forget!” A wicked smile spread across Dylan’s face as he took a glass of wine from a nearby waiter and discreetly added some unknown powder to it.
“What did you put in the wine, Dylan?” Kate was quick to notice Dylan’s actions as she stood right beside him.
“Nothing much, just a potent laxative.” Dylan smirked. “As soon as he drinks this, he will lose control over his bowels and shit himself within minutes. I like to see if he’ll still have the balls to stick around the Harmon family after that.”
“You have such a brilliant idea!” Kate’s eyes sparkled. Dustin wouldn’t be able to face anyone after wetting and soiling himself in front of an audience. What Dylan was about to pull would absolutely crush Dustin!
“Just wait and see, Kate. I’ll get you your revenge.” Dylan winked at her before approaching Dustin with his men.
“He’s coming, he’s coming! He’s really coming our way!” Zoey was so excited she was on the verge of losing her composure when she saw Dylan approaching. Without waiting any longer, she stood up to greet him. “Mr. Harmon …” The rest of her sentence was left stuck in her throat as Dylan walked past her without sparing her a glance and stopped in front of Dustin.
“What?” They were all left frozen in place awkwardly, as they had all assumed that Dylan was heading toward them, when in fact, he had been heading toward Dustin.
“You’re Dustin Rhys?” Dylan looked down his nose at Dustin arrogantly. “I’ve heard that you’re quite close with my cousin, Natasha, and that you’ve helped her out of some tough situations. As a token of my appreciation, I’d like to share a drink with you.”
With that, Dylan handed him the glass of wine he was holding. That left Zoey and the rest of them gaping in awe. It was beyond their expectation that someone like Dylan, who held a high military position and had a promising future, would offer Dustin a drink. Who was Dustin to deserve such a show of respect?
As Zoey, Gordon, and the rest looked on with envy, Dustin glanced at the glass of wine and spat icily, “I’m not drinking that. Get lost.” A deathly silence fell over the crowd.
###Chapter 557 by Marina Vittori
“I’m not drinking that. Get lost.” Dustin’s words were short and sweet, but he brought a deathly hush over the hall.
All eyes were on Dylan the moment he entered. There were numerous people present who would do anything to gain his favor, so when they witnessed Dylan offering Dustin a drink, the onlookers, including Zoey, Gordon, and Zeke, were astonished. Jealous, even. It was definitely something worth bragging about to have someone like Dylan offer you a drink. However, they had never expected Dustin to actually turn him down and even arrogantly dismiss him. What was the meaning of that? Was Dustin really so full of himself?
“What did you just say?” Not only were the onlookers surprised, but even Dylan couldn’t believe his ears. He was a Harmon, a high–ranking commander in the Dark Panther Cavalry, and a future general! No matter where he went, people would fawn over him and go out of their way to please him. Just a smile from him could make someone’s day, so shouldn’t regular people feel honored
that he’d offer them a drink? How dare this rascal turn down the wine he had offered?
“Didn’t you hear me? I said, get lost,” Dustin repeated himself in the same cold manner.
“How dare you?”
“You insolent bastard!”
“You’ve crossed the line!”
The crowd was in an uproar. All those who were trying to get into Dylan’s good books stood up for him, hurling profanities at Dustin. People who weren’t in the know might have thought they held some deep–seated grudge against Dustin.
“Is that scoundrel out of his damn mind? How dare he speak so rudely to a commander?” Zoey was
bewildered. She had never imagined that Dustin would be so daring as to behave with such insolence toward Dylan. He obviously held no regard for Dylan’s status and position.
“Hah! He’s going to get what he deserves for being so arrogant! I’d like to see how Dylan is going to deal with him!” Zeke gloated gleefully at Dustin’s impending misfortune.
“What an idiot!” Gordon shook his head with a smile on his face.
Adriana remained quiet, worry creeping into her eyes. Dustin had left quite a good impression on
her, and she could tell he was a responsible and courageous man. However, she had to admit that
he had acted too rashly.
“You bastard! How dare you disrespect my superior? I’ll shoot you in the head!” An adjutant roared furiously, it had taken him a brief moment to react.
“I don’t believe you will,” Dustin calmly replied.
“You!” The adjutant choked on his words. Had they been at the borders, he’d already have shot Dustin many times over, but with so many civilian onlookers, he dared not act impulsively.
“Do you know who I am, punk? How dare you speak to me like that?” Dylan asked icily, a menacing glint in his eyes. He was not going to let this scoundrel, who had just humiliated him in public, off so easily.
1/2
Chapter 557
“So what if I do? My answer remains the same. I’m not drinking that, so buzz off.” Dustin wasn’t
intimidated by him.
Dylan was so infuriated that he burst out laughing. “I see you want to do this the hard way, you bastard! There has never been anyone who’s disgraced me in such a manner before. Let me make it clear, if you don’t finish this glass of wine, there’s no way you’re walking out that door!” Dylan’s words were clearly a threat.
“Hey, it’s an honor to have Mr. Harmon offer you a drink! If you know what’s good for you, just take it, man!”
“That’s right! Drink up, or you’ll be sorry!”
Many of the onlookers chimed in, taking Dylan’s side.
“Dustin, my cousin has quite a nasty temper. You better drink up, or he’ll be sure to kick up a fuss,
“Kate egged him on with a mocking expression. She was dying for things to get out of hand so that Natasha and Dylan would be at opposite ends, and she’d be able to reap the greatest benefit out of the fiasco, which was having Dylan on her side.
###Chapter 558 by Marina Vittori
“Whoever wants the drink can have it, but it’s not going to be me.” Dustin remained unfazed by the comments and derogatory remarks hurled his way.
“Well, that’s not up to you!” Dylan’s expression turned cold. “Boys, make him drink it!” ‘Yes, sir!” The two adjutants immediately went up to Dustin, ready to force the drink down his throat
“Buzz off.” With two backhanded slaps, Dustin sent the two adjutants sprawling on the ground, blood streaming from their noses and their teeth broken. They scrambled to get back up but failed miserably.
“Holy shit! The guy’s getting violent!” The onlookers were startled and enraged by what they saw. Assaulting military personnel was a major offense, and when the situation called for it, they were authorized to use their guns.
“You’ve got a death wish, you bastard!” Dylan finally had it when he saw the two adjutants being slapped. He swiftly threw a punch at Dustin’s face. As a high–ranking commander of the Dark Panther Cavalry, it went without saying that he was skilled in martial arts. Currently, he was an entry level divine martial artist, considered one of the best among his peers.
Dustin did not duck or sidestep Dylan’s punch. Instead, he grabbed Dylan’s incoming fist with his bare hand. A dull thud resonated as Dylan’s fist made contact with Dustin’s palm. Dylan was utterly shocked, struggling to comprehend how Dustin could achieve such a feat. Though he had yet to exert his full force, he was a divine–level martial artist! Just a light punch from him was enough to send a regular person flying. He was certain that Dustin was also a skilled martial artist.
“I see you’re well–versed in martial arts too. No wonder you’re so arrogant. I suppose I’ll have to show you what I’m capable of today.” Dylan declared, removing his coat. He was ready to go all out. Though Dustin had managed to catch his punch, Dylan still had the confidence that he’d be able to pulverize him.
“I’ve been putting up with you for Natasha’s sake. I do not wish to hurt you, but if you insist on taking advantage of my kindness, I’m afraid I’ll not be so polite anymore,” Dustin said coldly.
“Hurt me? Hahaha! What a joke!” Dylan looked at Dustin contemptuously. “Do you think that you can act so arrogantly just because you think you know some martial arts? Just so you know, I could easily kill you with just a flick of my finger!”
“Is that so? By all means, go ahead.” Dustin remained unfazed.
“Very well, I’ll teach you a lesson today that there are always people out there who are better than you!”
Just as Dylan channeled his true energy and was about to attack, a loud voice boomed throughout the hall.
“Hold it right there!” Hector marched in with several others behind him. “What’s going on here? It’s my birthday celebration today, and you’re at each other’s throats?” Hector’s burning gaze swept across the hall. Anyone who met his eyes immediately lowered their heads, paying respect to the leader of the Harmon family.
1/2
Chapter 558
“Uncle Hector, this guy started it!‘ Dylan pointed an accusing finger at Dustin. “I offered him a drink as a gesture of appreciation, but not only did he refuse it, he even went so far as to insult me! I couldn’t stand it, so I thought I’d teach him a lesson!”
“Is that true?” Hector’s eyes narrowed.
“I can vouch for Dylan, Uncle Hector. Dustin was so proud and rude, and he had completely no respect for the Harmon family,” Kate piped up.
“That’s right, we can attest to that too! The rascal had no regard for propriety, and he really crossed the line!” The onlookers stood up for Dylan. From what they saw, Dustin was clearly the one who picked the fight.
“Hang on, there must be some confusion. I don’t believe Dustin would do something like that!” Natasha defended Dustin.
“Natasha, with so many eyewitnesses here, are you really going to stand up for him?” Kate scoffed.
“Do you have anything to say about this, Dustin?” Hector turned his attention to him.
“It’s true that I refused the drink Dylan offered me.” Hector frowned when he heard that. Even Natasha was caught off guard.
“See, Uncle Hector? You heard it from him. He admitted it himself!” Dylan smirked, shooting Dustin a taunting look.
But what Dustin said next left the smirk frozen on his face. “And that’s because he spiked the drinK…
###Chapter 559 by Marina Vittori
“He spiked the wine?” Everyone looked at Dylan in shock. If that was the case, then it would make sense for Dustin to refuse the drink.
“You What nonsense!” Dylan had a sinking feeling, but he forced himself to appear composed as he roared, “Do you know who I am? Why would I spike your drink? You’re dragging my reputation through the mud!” He had no idea how Dustin could tell that the wine had been spiked, but there was no way he was going to admit to doing it.
“That’s right! My cousin offered you a drink, and you not only turned him down, but you even accused him of such dirty tricks? You truly are cunning!” Kate feigned anger.
“Hah! I think someone’s just here to cause trouble!”
“What a heinous crime to slander a military officer!”
“We should just kick him out! He’s despicable!”
In a clamor of voices, the crowd accused and scolded Dustin. With their preconceived notions, they clearly believed Dylan more than they did Dustin.
“Dustin, do you have any proof for claiming that Dylan spiked the wine?” Hector asked.
“Exactly! Don’t go around making accusations without any proof!” Some of the Harmons were indignant.
“You want proof? It’s simple.” Dustin picked up the glass of wine and placed it in front of Dylan. Since you claim that you didn’t spike it, why don’t you drink this to prove there’s nothing wrong with the wine?”
Dylan’s face fell. He would make a mess of himself if he drank that.
“Why should he? Just because you say so? Who do you think you are?” Kate defended Dylan.
“That’s right! Who do you think you are? And what right do you have to make me drink it?” Dylan challenged. “Oh, so you dare not drink it then?” Dustin sniggered.
“If the wine hasn’t been spiked, Dylan, then what’s the harm in drinking it?” Natasha had a slight smile on her face. She could tell from his reaction that Dylan had indeed spiked the wine, but Dustin saw through his tricks at once, and that was what gave rise to the conflict between them.
“We believe in you, Mr. Harmon! It’s just a glass of wine. Drink it and show him!”
“That’s right! Prove it to him that you have done no such thing! Put him to shame!”
“Yes, Dylan, drink it! We’re all rooting for you!”
The crowd began cheering Dylan on, acting like they were all that righteous.
The corners of Dylan’s lips twitched as he sweated profusely. With so many eyes on him, he’d raise suspicion if he refused to drink the wine, but if he did, he’d lose control over his bowels and make a fool of himself. He’d be in such a terrible mess. Caught in a dilemma, he had no way out of the predicament. He had only intended to teach Dustin a lesson. Who’d have guessed he’d put himself in such a difficult position?
“Alright, alright! Let’s not cause a scene here!” Noticing that something wasn’t right, Trent called out to the crowd to defuse the situation. “Today’s a special day. Let’s not spoil it over some petty issues! Please be seated, everyone. The banquet will start shortly!”
The crowd quietened down upon hearing his words. Most of them who had their wits around could already guess the truth behind the whole debacle. However, out of respect for the Harmon family, they kept quiet and feigned ignorance.
“Consider yourself lucky, you bastard! I’m only letting you off the hook for Uncle Hector’s sake, as it’s his birthday celebration today!” Dylan spat menacingly before he turned and took his seat. He thanked his lucky stars that his Uncle Trent came out at the right moment to smooth things over, sparing him from an embarrassing situation. But despite the circumstances, he still had to gain an upper hand over Dustin.
The disturbance was finally brought to a halt by Trent’s interference. However, Natasha was left disgruntled. “Dad, Dylan was obviously the one who started it. Are you just going to let it slide?”
“We have more important matters to deal with today. We cannot afford to mess up now,” Hector said gravely as he shook his head. Of course, he could tell what had transpired, but at this point, they were banking on Dylan’s position to put pressure on Tyler, so he could not tell Dylan off even if he was at fault. At the moment, it was crucial for the family to stand united.
###Chapter 560 by Marina Vittori
“That’s it?” Natasha was extremely displeased. Naturally, she wasn’t willing to swallow her anger when her man was being mistreated.
“Natasha, let’s look at the big picture. Why don’t you sit down?” Hector gave her a look. Then, he led the others to sit at the tables allocated for the Harmons. The ten tables at the very front of the ballroom were designated for the core members of the Harmon family as well as the other bigwigs in the family. The regular guests were relegated to the back.
“Darling, I’m sorry for the injustice. I’ll definitely find an opportunity for a payback!” Natasha said through gritted teeth.
“It’s nothing but a petty issue. Don’t worry about me. Go and keep your father company.” Dustin smiled lightly. Her saying that was already good enough for him. “What, you don’t want to sit with me?” Natasha raised an eyebrow.
“No, guests shouldn’t sit with the stars of the evening. I’ll just sit here. Not to mention, sitting too close to Dylan might invite trouble.” Dustin shook his head. The front seats drew too much attention; he didn’t like being noticed by so many people.
“Alright.” Natasha didn’t push him further after he expressed his opinion. After greeting a few of her classmates, she returned to her seat.
After she left, Gordon suddenly said out of the blue, “Dustin, if I were you, I’d apologize to Dylan right now. You can’t afford to get on the bad side of a golden child like him!”
“Really? I guess…” Dustin couldn’t be bothered to entertain the nonsense and gave a half–assed reply.
“Hmph! You’ll find out soon enough!” Gordon chuckled coldly and said nothing more. In his eyes, with that arrogant attitude, Dustin was bound to face consequences sooner or later.
Time slowly ticked by, and more guests arrived to join the celebration. The entire ballroom was alive with chatter.
“Hey, isn’t that Mr. Reynolds from the Goldmore Group? I heard he’s worth billions and is also the top player in the mining industry!”
“Oh? Even the emerald tycoon, Mr. Dane is here?”
“Look, I think that’s Mr. Gills from the Royal Pavilion, also known as the all–powerful lord of the underworld!”
“As expected of the Harmons. I didn’t expect so many bigshots to show up. This is really impressive!”
Seeing these local celebrities enter the ballroom, Zoey and the others were bubbling with excitement. They never got to see such an extravagant display in their everyday lives. Looking across the room, they were met with the presence of prominent figures in their society, whether it was the filthy rich or the magnates in their respective fields.
1/2
Any one of them could cause a huge ripple in the outside world. Yet, they had all gathered there.
Truly, this was an assembly of the elite and the powerful!
‘Not bad. It seems like our family still holds some influence,” Trend said from the front–row seats, observing the lively ballroom with a wide grin.
“Why, of course! When our family throws a birthday party, I can’t think of anyone who wouldn’t respect us enough to not attend,” Jacob said proudly. As one of the Fabulous Five, certain connotations and pride came with it.
“Trent, Jacob, don’t celebrate just yet. With just these people, I’m afraid we won’t be able to keep Tyler in check,” Hector said indifferently.
“Uncle Hector, don’t worry. With me here, Tyler wouldn’t dare act out of line!” Dylan said haughtily. That’s right! My son holds a high position and has the support of the Scarlet Warrior. Even Tyler will have to show him some respect!” Jacob laughed. When it came to his son, he had unconditional trust in him.
At that moment, a butler leaned close and whispered, “Mr. Hector, I just received word that the Grants have begun to make their move.”
“Are they finally coming?” Hector sucked in a deep breath. “Since we can’t hide, then let’s meet them head–on. We will stick to the plan!”
###Chapter 561 by Marina Vittori
Meanwhile, at the Grants‘ mansion, Tyler sat in the study, quietly poring over war strategy books. He gave each and every word on the page his undivided attention. Suddenly, there was a series of knocks on the door.
“What is it?” Tyler asked without turning his head. “Mr. Grant, the big day has arrived, We should head out,” an elderly voice said from outside the door
Tyler set the book down and got to his feet. After straightening his clothes, he opened the door and walked out. An aged servant stood outside the door, waiting for him with his head bowed.
“How are the Harmons reacting?” Tyler asked with an indifferent look.
“The Harmons haven’t started preparing for the wedding yet. Instead, they’re throwing a birthday party,” the man replied.
“Birthday party?” Tyler’s mouth twitched. “Is that supposed to put pressure on me? How amusing.”
“Mr. Grant, should we fetch the bride another day?” the man asked tentatively.
“Since the engagement is today, it can’t be changed. We’ll follow the schedule as planned,” Tyler said coolly. “Also, find me a coffin and bring it straight to the Harmons‘ home.”
“A coffin?” The man was momentarily taken aback. “Mr. Grant, what do you want to do with that?”
Weren’t they going to pick up the bride? What did the coffin have to do with it?
“The wedding carriage is to escort the bride, while the coffin is for bodies. If the Harmon family agrees to the marriage, I’ll naturally use the carriage. If they don’t, then I’ll make them lay in the coffin,” Tyler said apathetically.
Upon hearing that, the man couldn’t help but shudder. He knew that his master was always a man of his word. If the Harmon family didn’t know what was good for them, they might end up completely destroyed!
“Why are you still standing there? Go do as I say.” Tyler gave him a sidelong glance.
“Yes.” Not daring to hesitate, the man immediately left.
“Hmph, you want to play games with me? Well, let’s see whether you can hold off my army.” Tyler laughed coldly. He didn’t mind the Harmons playing tricks, but in the face of absolute power, any wile would be for naught.
At that moment, the Harmon estate was still bustling with excitement. Looking across the room, distinguished guests filled the seats. It was a gathering of the exalted; the wealthy and powerful exchanged toasts and chatted among themselves. Meanwhile, Dustin sat quietly in a corner, looking like an outsider.
In contrast, Gordon, who was sitting at the other table, wouldn’t stop greeting people.
“Well, if it isn’t Mr. Bolls! What a pleasure to see you!”
1/2
“Oh, Ms. Pickens, you’re here too. My father talks a lot about you.”
“Hahaha, Mr. Solinsky, what a surprise to run into you here. It must be fate. Let’s grab a meal together sometime.”
Gordon stood, chatting and laughing with all the guests, showcasing his extensive network.
“Gordon, was that Mr. Bolls, the famous jewel tycoon?” Zeke couldn’t help but ask, curious.
“That’s right. Mr. Bolls has a net worth of several billions of dollars, and he owns half the jewels in Millsburg. He’s a true titan in the industry!” Gordon grinned.
“No way! Gordon, you’re really impressive. How did you get to know people of such high caliber?” Zoey asked with a look of admiration.
Billionaires weren’t the kind of people you could meet just anywhere.
“Heh, not just Mr. Bolls, but Ms. Pickens is also no average Joe. She controls a substantial amount of mineral resources–you could say she’s made of money! Also, there’s Mr. Solinsky. He’s the son of an extremely wealthy man, he’s got a bright future ahead of him and a lot of power!” Gordon introduced each of them giddily, his face glowing with pride.
“Gordon, who would’ve thought you’d been hiding this all along? I have to admit, it’s amazing!” Zeke gave him a thumbs–up.
“Exactly! You’re probably the most spectacular one out of all of us!” Zoey said, buttering him up. As she spoke, she even snuck a glance at Dustin and continued cynically, “Hey, Dustin, did you see that? This is the difference between you and Gordon. Not only is he rich, but he’s also well- connected. You’ll never reach his level in your entire lifetime!”
###Chapter 562 by Marina Vittori
“She’s right!” Zeke added. “Rhys, here’s a word of advice. You’d better leave Natasha as soon as possible, or you’d just be humiliating yourself!”
Dustin wasn’t bothered enough to entertain them. He simply minded his own business, sipping at his drink. Yet, his lofty attitude pissed them off even more.
“Hpmh, weren’t you acting all cool earlier? Has the cat got your tongue? That’s all you’re good for,” Zoey said with a cold laugh. To her, it was obvious that Dustin was feeling ashamed of himself.
“Let it go. Let him keep some of his dignity, or you’ll back him into a corner,” Gordon teased with a smile. Dustin was just a brute who knew a move or two, he really didn’t think too highly of him.
At that moment, Zoey seemed to have noticed something. She pointed at the door and asked, “Hey, who’s that? He’s really good–looking and even has a certain air about him.”
The others turned their heads to look, and their gazes fell upon a handsome man walking inside, holding a folding fan. A faint smile adorned his face, and he carried an air of grace, each movement looked effortlessly elegant.
“Damn! Isn’t that Patrick Hill, the son of the Hill family? Who would’ve thought that he’d show up too?” Zeke couldn’t help but gape at the sight of the man.
“Patrick Hill? Isn’t that one of the renowned Ten Princes of the South Province?” Zoey’s eyes widened.
“Yes, that’s him!” Zeke nodded. “That’s the top aristocrat of Millsburg! His status is even higher than Dylan’s!”
“Hahaha, this is great. Who would’ve thought we’d have the chance to see Mr. Hill here? We’ve really hit the jackpot today!” Zoey’s face lit up with excitement.
The Hill family was one of the Tremendous Three. Their power and influence could overshadow the entire Harmony family from every aspect. Naturally, the son of the Hill family would be of honorable status!
“Guys, to tell you the truth, I’m pretty friendly with Patrick,” Gordon piped up out of the blue.
“What? You actually know Mr. Hill?!” Zoey and the others‘ expressions changed.
“Of course. We even had a meal and played golf together,” Gordon replied proudly.
Last year, he had indeed bumped into Patrick at a golf course. However, their interaction had been limited to exchanging greetings, and that was the extent of it.
“What the hell, Gordon? You’re amazing! You actually hit it off with Mr. Hill?” Zeke said with envy.
“It’s Gordon, after all! He’s friends with everyone and can even get along with the most influential people!” Zoey said with a look of excitement.
Hearing the two of them praise him, Gordon felt as if he was walking on air. He loved being the center of attention.
“Look, Mr. Hill is making his way over!” Zoey pointed at him joyfully. “Gordon, is he here to see you?”
“Well, only Gordon here knows Mr. Hill. Who else could it be? Let’s get ready to greet him,” Zeke said, getting excited himself.
“He’s actually heading over here?” Gordon paused briefly, taken aback. Although they had met each other before, they weren’t particularly close.
Could his moment of glory before this have refreshed Patrick’s memory and kindled the desire to befriend him? The thought filled Gordon with joy. He quickly adjusted his tie and approached Patrick with a bright smile.
“Mr. Hill, it’s been a while,” he greeted, extending his hand.
“Huh?” Patrick raised an eyebrow. “Who are you?”
That single sentence turned Gordon to stone on the spot, his smile freezing on his face. Zoey and the others were also stunned and confused. Didn’t he say that they were friends? What was going on?
Without waiting for a response, Patrick simply brushed past Gordon. Clearly, he had no interest in entertaining them.
To everyone’s surprise, astonishment, and bewilderment, he approached Dustin and extended his hand with a smile. “Dustin, we meet again. I’m really sorry about what happened before. I hope you can let it go.”
###Chapter 563 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Gordon and the others were dumbfounded by how politely and courteously Patrick had spoken to Dustin. Their eyes were round with disbelief.
The son of the Hill family– one of the Ten Princes of South Province, dubbed the top aristocrat- had actually greeted that jerk with a smile?
How was that even possible?! “No way. Dustin knows Mr. Hill?” The smile on Zoey’s face turned to ice. She had initially thought that Patrick had walked over for Gordon, never in her wildest dreams would she have thought that he was there for Dustin. Not to mention, from the way they were acting, it seemed like they were close.
“How the hell did that punk climb his way up to become friends with Mr. Hill?!” Shock aside, Zeke was more jealous than anything. What right did a loser have to hit it off with the top aristocrat?
“How could this be?” Gordon was rooted to the spot, astonishment written on his face. It was one thing to be ignored by Patrick, but he couldn’t come to terms with how the person he had to suck up to was so polite to Dustin.
Wasn’t Dustin just a country doctor? How did he get acquainted with a big shot of this caliber?
“It seems like there’s more to Natasha’s boyfriend than meets the eye,” Adriana muttered to
herself as she observed everything from a distance. Curiosity sparked in her eyes.
“Mr. Hill, it’s in the past. Further, it had nothing to do with you,” Dustin answered lightly.
The Hill family had already personally apologized for beating Edmund up, and Torben had also already paid the price. It would do no one any good to keep dredging things up.
“Dustin, you’re truly magnanimous. My grandfather greatly admires stand–up men like you. If you have time, I’d love to host you at my home.” Patrick extended the invite with a smile.
“Sure. When I have time, I’ll definitely pay Sir Hill a visit,” Dustin replied, nodding lightly. He deeply respected the Hill family patriarch, Paul, not just for his power but also for his sense of justice, his willingness to help the needy, and his ability to separate kindness and hatred
“Mr. Hill, it’s an honor to have you here, especially since you came from afar!” At that moment, Kate approached them. With a slight smile, she continued, “You’re an honored guest, so it’s only fitting that you occupy the seat of honor. Please follow me.”
“No, thank you. I’ll sit here.” Patrick politely declined with a smile before taking a seat next to
Dustin.
Seeing this, Kate’s smile stiffened slightly, but she quickly regained her composure. “Of course, Mr. Hill. Please feel free to let me know if you need anything at any time.” She didn’t push him. After giving him a final smile, she turned around and returned to her seat. Before she walked away, however, she gave Dustin an inscrutable glance.
“Just who is Dustin? How can he get on so well with Mr. Hill?” Zoey’s expression turned strange as she watched the two men chatting and smiling at the next table.
Chapter 563
“Hmph, what’s so impressive about that!” Zeke said, his voice dripping with jealousy. “To me, he’s just riding on Natasha’s coattails. Otherwise, why would Mr. Hill hold him in such high regard?”
“You’re right!” Gordon nodded in agreement. “Mr. Hill is on a different level. If it wasn’t out of respect for the daughter of the Harmon family, would he give a loser like Dustin the time of day?”
“So that’s what it is…” Zoey suddenly had an epiphany. Disdain colored her face as she said, “I actually thought he was kind of impressive, but in the end, he’s just relying on his rich girlfriend to climb up. Men like him will always struggle to reach the higher circles.”
The three of them took turns belittling Dustin. The way they saw it, it must be because Natasha was close friends with Patrick, and as the gigolo, Dustin was merely riding on her coattails.
All of a sudden, their moods improved.
Time slowly ticked by, and the party finally kicked off. After all the guests took their seats,
Hector, the birthday celebrant, raised his glass and stood. In a booming voice, he said, “Welcome,
dear friends, to my birthday celebration. I’m extremely honored. I hope you’ll enjoy the food and drink to your heart’s content!”
###Chapter 564 by Marina Vittori
“Now, I’d like to propose a toast! Hector raised his glass, swept his gaze over all the quests, and downed his drink. In response, everyone stood and raised their glass to toast in return.
After some small talk, it was time for the gift–giving segment. “Mr. Harmon, here are some golden horses that I forged with my own hands. I wish you nothing but success in life!”
“Mr. Harmon, this crystal necklace once belonged to an ancient king. I hope you like it.”
“Mr. Harmon, this painting is an authentic masterpiece by Pikasso. It’s truly a priceless treasure. That being said, I wish you the best of health and a lifetime full of smiles ahead!”
One by one, the guests stepped up with their gifts in hand, offering their heartfelt birthday. wishes. There were numerous rich and respected people among them, and this gift–giving segment was also a subtle display of comparison and competition.
The one with the rarest and most expensive gift got to show off. They could display their power and foster closer connections with the Harmons. Thus, each gift, consisting of precious treasures or rare items, was carefully chosen. Not to mention, a lot of them couldn’t be bought with money alone.
Thank you, everyone, for your kind thoughts.” Hector smiled, responding to all the people who had presented him with a gift.
As the room was filled with a joyous atmosphere, a loud voice suddenly rang out, “The Grant family has arrived!”
Instantly, all eyes turned toward the entrance. Under everyone’s gaze, a tall, handsome man strutted in with huge strides with a servant in tow. His face was cold, and his gaze was razor- sharp. He gave off a terrifying aura–his entire body was radiating with an intense desire to kill.
All the guests shuddered, not daring to face him directly.
“Tyler Grant? It’s actually Tyler Grant?!”
“Oh my god! Who would’ve thought that the Harmons were so respected? Even General Lionheart, Tyler Grant, personally showed up to celebrate!”
When the guests caught sight of the newcomer, they instantly burst into chatter.
Who in the South Province didn’t know Tyler’s name? He was widely regarded as a legendary figure. He hadn’t even hit thirty yet, but he was already fraternizing with the high–ranking officials and commanded a massive army.
In the entire South Province, he was the best of the best. No one could come close to him, leaving any other genius in his shadow. For someone like him, no matter where he went, everyone kissed the ground he walked on !
“As expected of the number one prodigy of the South Province and the top of the Ten Princes! He’s so handsome!” Zoey’s eyes sparkled, and her heart began to flutter.
In front of Tyler, Dylan and Patrick weren’t even worth mentioning! The man before them was the true prince!
“He’s finally here.” Natasha narrowed her eyes slightly as her pretty face turned serious. She knew that this matter had to end today.
“Tyler, now that you’re here, please take a seat.” Hector stood up to welcome him, smiling as though nothing had happened.
“No need,” Tyler responded with indifference. “I came here today not to celebrate your birthday but to claim my bride. I want to marry Natasha Hamon!”
As he spoke, he made a few gestures with his hands. With that, eight people carried a large red carriage into the room.
###Chapter 565 by Marina Vittori
“What’s going on?” The crowd glanced at each other and broke out in whispers at the sight of the wedding carriage being brought in. Wasn’t it Hector’s 50th birthday? It seemed like Tyler was deliberately stirring up trouble.
“Tyler, what’s the meaning of this?” Hector’s smile gradually disappeared. He didn’t expect Tyler to cut straight to the chase right after his arrival. He was truly relentless.
“In accordance with our marriage contract, I’m picking up my bride today,” Tyler stated calmly. “Marriage contract? Bride?”
“It can’t be. Tyler and Natasha are engaged?” “They’re both talented and good–looking, so it’s not surprising for them to be betrothed. However, this manner of retrieving the bride seems rather abrupt.”
The crowd was buzzing in surprise, confusion, jealousy, and curiosity. Picking up the bride at a birthday party was an unprecedented move.
Hector stayed calm and composed. “Tyler, we’ll discuss the details of the marriage agreement later on. It’s my birthday celebration today, so I would appreciate a little consideration.”
“That won’t do, and nobody can change my mind.” Tyler refused immediately without hesitation. ” Since I’ve come today, I must take her away. Natasha, please get on.”
As soon as he said that, the crowd was in an uproar. Nobody had anticipated Tyler to be that domineering. He was not only inconsiderate, he was also kidnapping the bride. This hardly resembled a conventional bride pick–up; it was a forced marriage!
“Aren’t you going too far, Tyler?” Hector’s expression turned cold. “Marriage has always been a matter of mutual consent. Aren’t you afraid of public ridicule by resorting to force?”
“I have always acted without concern for others‘ opinions. Today, whether through invitation or coercion, I will marry her!” Tyler raised his voice.
“What if my daughter won’t get married?” Hector frowned slightly.
“She won’t get married?” Tyler’s lips twitched, and he snapped his fingers. Very soon, a large, black coffin was carried in by eight people. With a loud thud, they placed it down so that it was in line with the carriage and also pointed at Hector. Tyler stood in the middle, the coffin on his left. and the carriage on his right. The difference in colors was striking.
“These are my presents.” With an expressionless face, he declared, “You have two choices. Either
Natasha gets on the carriage, or you’re going to lay down in this coffin on your own.”
“The audacity!”
“How dare you!”
“Tyler Grant, you’re crossing the line!”
The Harmons protested in righteous indignation at the sight. Gifting a coffin at a birthday party
1/2
was a blatant insult and provocation.
“Damn it! He’s too much! He’s totally disrespecting the Harmons!”
“Though he may be domineering, he undeniably can afford to act that way. It seems like trouble is looming for the Harmons!”
Although many were upset with his behavior, nobody dared to voice it out openly. That was because no one dared to make an enemy out of the Grants.
“Tyler, are you truly intending to have a fall out with us Harmons in the presence of all my esteemed guests?” Hector frowned.
“I told you. You have two choices. Either Natasha marries me, or you die.” Tyler stood with his hands behind his back, a look of arrogance on his face, showing complete disregard for the crowd. “What insolence!”
###Chapter 566 by Marina Vittori
At that moment, Dylan suddenly shot up as he slammed the table. He bellowed, “Tyler Grant, don’t think you can act as you please just because you have some talent. We’re not easy targets!”
“Who are you? Do you have the right to talk to me?” Tyler gave him a cold glance. “Hmph! Listen up!” Dylan straightened his chest and held his head up high. “My name is Dylan Harmon I’m currently a high–ranking commander of the Dark Panther Cavalry. I’ve fought over a dozen wars and slain hundreds of men!”
“A mere commander is challenging me? Where did you get your courage? You’re not even a deputy general. Tyler spoke indifferently.
“Even though I’m only a commander, Scarlet Spanner is my general! I don’t believe you’d dare challenge the Goddess of War!” Dylan responded arrogantly.
“Scarlet Spanner? Tyler frowned slightly, finally betraying a hint of emotion. As Dragonmarsh’s first Goddess of War, Scarlet had not only achieved incredible feats, she came from an influential background and possessed unparalleled martial skills. He indeed considered himself inferior to her. However, that was only for now. He was confident of surpassing her within ten years.
“What? Are you afraid?” Dylan was pleased. “Are your legs weak just by hearing her name? Let me tell you. Don’t think you can look down on people just because of your little achievements. Just so you know, the world is a big place, and there are many people better than you out there!” As soon as he said that, the Harmons clapped in agreement.
“Nicely said!”
“So what if he’s General Lionheart? He still needs to bow down to the Goddess of War!”
“Ha! You must feel ashamed now after acting so outrageously, huh?”
Seeing Tyler being humiliated, the Harmons were filled with renewed spirits, coming out of their
distress.
“He’s indeed my son. He managed to put Tyler in his place with a few words.” Standing in the front rows, Jacob had a proud look on his face. As his son stood in the limelight, he also basked in the
glory.
“That’s right. Without Dylan here today, nobody would have been able to go up against Tyler.”
Trent flashed a wide smile.
A few other older Harmon family members were also filled with awe. “With a son like him, the
Harmons would be elevated to a higher standing!”
For a moment, Dylan became the center of attention, incomparable to anyone else. Everyone present thought highly of him.
“Hey! What are you still standing there for? Take your men and leave immediately! Don’t disrupt the party!” Dylan stepped forward and gestured with his chin, a look of arrogance on his face. A talented genius? General Lionheart? In the end, he still ended up stepping all over Tyler.
Chapter 566
Suddenly, Tyler dissolved into laughter. “Do you think you can scare me by using Scarlet’s name?”
“What? Aren’t you going to show deference to the Goddess of War?” Dylan rebuked sharply.
“Scarlet Spanner is different from you. You’re nothing but her dog! What makes you think you can show off here?” Tyler sneered.
“Y–you, you dare humiliate me?” Dylan’s expression darkened.
“So what if I do? Get lost before I slice your head off!” Tyler exclaimed.
Dylan erupted in fury. “You’re seeking death!” He stepped lightly, launching a powerful punch as he shot forward. He knew Tyler was a formidable opponent and had exerted all his strength into the punch. He planned on striking first and ending the fight with a single blow.
“Dylan, no!” Hector’s expression shifted as he tried to stop him, but it was too late.
“What a fool.” In the face of Dylan’s attack, Tyler only looked at him in contempt. With a simple point of the finger, he struck Dylan’s chest.
A muffled explosion was heard as Dylan flew a good 30 feet back before crashing on the floor. It as as if he was hit by a truck. For a moment, he turned pale and spat out blood.
###Chapter 567 by Marina Vittori
“What?” The crowd was shocked as they took in Dylan’s seriously injured figure laying on the ground. Nobody expected Tyler to defeat a high–ranking commander of the Dark Panther Cavalry with just a finger. He was too powerful. The concerning thing was that Dylan had Scarlet backing him. When Tyler injured Dylan in public, it was akin to slapping Scarlet.
The crowd wondered if he was just tyrannically arrogant or fearlessly confident “How dare you injure one of us! Do you really think we are easy targets?” After recovering from the shock, the Harmons shot up in anger. They could no longer tolerate being bullied to such an extent Tyler Grant! I am a commander of the Dark Panther Cavalry. If you hurt me, Scarlet will never forgive your Dylan struggled to stand up, feeling shock and anger.
Gifted with extraordinary talents and sharp perceptions since he was a child, he had trained into a divine–level martial artist at a young age. Armed with the abilities he was proud of, he never expected to turn out that weak against Tyler.
It appears like you haven’t figured out where you stand.” Tyler looked at him in contempt. “I’d naturally give deference to Scarlet if she were here. But what are you? You’re just a worthless piece of trash hiding behind someone else’s power. How dare you threaten me?
Not to mention, the Dark Panther Cavalry has two hundred thousand troops, and over a hundred of them are high- ranking commanders. With Scarlet’s position, she probably doesn’t even know who you are. What makes you think you can flaunt your power here?”
Dylan’s expression shifted with his words. He couldn’t believe Tyler saw through him. He was indeed a high–ranking commander of the Dark Panther Cavalry. However, he wasn’t even qualified to meet Scarlet on a typical day.
As part of the Dark Panther Cavalry, he had gotten used to using Scarlet’s name to boast. No matter where he went, he could act as he pleased. However, he hadn’t anticipated encountering such a difficult person like Tyler today. He couldn’t win against him in a fight and failed to intimidate him. For a moment, he was at a loss.
“Why are you silent? Have I hit the mark? What useless trash.” Tyler shook his head in disdain.
“C–cut the crap! I’m her trusted aide!” Dylan yelled as he hid his cowardice. He could only continue the act for now.
“Trusted aide?” The corner of Tyler’s lips curved up into a smile. “Alright, I’ll give you a chance. I’ll let the Harmons go if you can get Scarlet to come here.”
“She’s stationed at the border. How can she just come here at will?” Dylan yelled.
“She doesn’t have to show up, then. Give her a call. If the line connects, I’ll consider it a win.” Tyler settled on a compromise.
“I..” Dylan’s expression froze. With his status, he couldn’t even interact with Scarlet, let alone have her personal contact information
“Dylan, stop holding back! Just give her a call. I’d like to see if Tyler would still dare stir up trouble, Jacob said in discontent.
“That’s right, show him the power of Dragonmarsh’s Goddess of War!” The Harmons started clamoring.
They knew asking her to appear would be difficult, but making a call would be easy. After all, Dylan was a high–ranking commander. He would definitely be taken seriously.
“Fine! I’ll make the call!” Realizing that he couldn’t avoid it, Dylan immediately took out his phone and started his act of needing help.
“Don’t try to tell me that Scarlet is too busy and can’t answer your call,” Tyler interrupted him
coldly.
Dylan turned red as he was caught off guard by his words. He was indeed about to make an excuse to deceive him. After being exposed, he stood there dumbfounded.
“What’s the matter? It’s not connecting?” Tyler grew impatient:
“The Goddess of War is extremely busy with work, so it’s expected for her to not pick up. I’ll try again later,” Dylan bit the bullet.
“Stop acting! Get lost!”
###Chapter 568 by Marina Vittori
Tyler stomped on the ground heavily, causing a violent surge of energy to strike Dylan Dylan staggered backward from the impact, spitting out another mouthful of blood. “You” He gritted his teeth, not daring to utter another sound. He knew he had been completely defeated
“Tyler, you are too much!” Jacob erupted in fury at the sight of his son injured once again “Cut the crap! Make a choice–The carriage or the coffin?” With his hands behind his back, Tyler gave off an imposing air.
“Tyler Grant! Do you think you can suppress the entire Harmon family alone? You’re absolutely crazy!” Jacob retorted angrily.
“Who said I’m alone?” Tyler raised his hand and snapped his fingers. “Come in.” On his orders, the sound of synchronized marching could be heard by the door. As they approached, the noise grew louder. Even the liquids on the table rippled slightly.
To everyone’s astonishment, following the sound was a group of black–clad, masked, and fully armed guards striding in with confidence. The guards were tall and muscular with sharp gazes and carried a strong presence. They looked like they had gone through numerous bloodshed, a clear indication of them being seasoned fighters. Their presence subdued the crowd, and the number of dark barrels especially left them feeling terrified.
“Huh?” The Harmons‘ expression shifted at the sight. Nobody expected Tyler to deploy a group of armed guards as backup on the day to pick up his bride. It was a terrifying sight to behold!
“Whoever is unhappy can step forward.” Tyler scanned his surroundings, looking at the crowd in arrogance and contempt. Anyone that met his gaze dropped their heads unwittingly. Who would dare step out when the armed guards have appeared? They would be seeking their own demise.
Hector frowned slightly, upset. The thing he feared the most had happened at last.
“This guy is truly outrageous!” Jacob and the rest of the Harmons gritted their teeth, but there was nothing they could do. Today seemed like the day the Harmons would face their greatest calamity.
“Oh my God, that’s how General Lionheart is? He’s too much for deploying the armed guards for a small disagreement.”
“Looking at the current situation, it seems like the Harmons are in for a rough time today.”
“Either submit or be suppressed. I wonder what the Harmons would choose.*
The guests whispered and discussed among themselves. They truly hadn’t anticipated a birthday celebration to turn into a forced marriage scene.
“Natasha Harmon, nobody can help you today. You are destined to be my woman. Let’s go.” Tyler walked up, his gaze threatening. When he moved, the armed guards followed. His menacing demeanor made the Harmons turn pale as they trembled in fear.
Just when everyone thought Natasha would be taken by force, a tall figure blocked Tyler’s path, standing right before him with a cutting gaze.
“Have you asked me before taking her away?”
###Chapter 569 by Marina Vittori
“Have you asked me for permission before taking her away?” Dustin stood in front of Tyler, blocking his path. He had a frosty expression as he stood unyielding.
“Huh?” The guests were dumbfounded and in shock. They could not believe someone would dare to challenge Tyler This person must’ve had nerves of steel.
Zoey’s eyes widened in surprise. “What’s Dustin doing up front? Doesn’t he value his life?” Even if they disregarded Tyler’s background, the armed guards behind him were terrifying enough.
Zeke sneered. “Hmph, he must have a death wish to challenge General Lionheart!” Tyler commanded the armed guards with an air of dominance. With just a single command, he could
have Dustin shot into oblivion
“Fool! He thinks he can show off in front of Tyler just because he’s friends with Patrick. What a joke.” Gordon looked like he was looking at a corpse. While Patrick held a high social standing, he had no official position. He was absolutely incomparable to Tyler.
“This is spelling trouble.” Adrianna frowned slightly. Even though she admired Dustin’s courage in standing up for the woman he loved, it was too dangerous in this situation.
You dare stop me?” With his hands still behind his back, Tyler sized him up. His chilling gaze fixed on him, like that of a predator locking onto his prey.
“Why not? Natasha has every right to refuse to marry you. I won’t allow you to force her to marry you in public,” Dustin stated calmly.
“You won’t agree?” Tyler raised an eyebrow. “So what? Do you really think you can stop me?”
“You can try. But I strongly advise against it. Otherwise, I’ll beat the shit out of you,” Dustin spat,
word for word.
“What?” The guests erupted in an uproar at his words.
“Damn! Is this kid insane? He’s incredibly daring.”
“He’s too brave for his own good!”
“He’s openly challenging General Lionheart! He must have a death wish.”
The guests broke out into a discussion, with Dustin appearing like an idiot to them. Even the Harmons were pressured into silence at Tyler’s appearance. Where did this insignificant kid get the courage to act so boldly in front of such an influential figure?
“Hmph! What an idiot!” Dylan sneered. He wasn’t a match for Tyler, let alone that loser Dustin
“He has commendable courage. Sadly, he won’t be living for long.” Kate rejoiced in his misfortune. She had always disliked Dustin, especially considering her brother’s death had something to do with him. That was why she desperately wished for a tragedy to befall him.
“Hector, you didn’t plan this, did you? What can an insignificant brat like him accomplish?” Trent was frustrated. Dustin was only making things worse by challenging Tyler.
Hector’s brows were locked in a frown as he remained silent. The time was not right, and he had to keep waiting. Natasha, on the other hand, sat beside him in worry, at a loss for words. In the face of his boastful statement, Tyler let out a chuckle. “Do you know what you just said?”
“No matter what I said, I’ve given you a warning. So stop whatever you’re planning. Don’t make me hit you.” Dustin’s expression was unwavering.
“You’ve got balls.” Tyler nodded. “I admire your bravery. Sadly, you’re not qualified to play the hero in front of me. I’ll give you three seconds. Get lost! Or die!”
The armed guards behind him raised their guns at his words, rows of gun barrels aimed directly at every part of Dustin. They would immediately shoot their target into oblivion upon their general’s orders.
“Hold it!”
“Stop right there!”
###Chapter 570 by Marina Vittori
Seeing that Tyler was serious, Natasha and Patrick stood up and stopped him.
“Tyler, speak and behave as you wish, but he is my friend. You better not act recklessly.” Patrick stepped forward and stood shoulder to shoulder with Dustin, clearly taking his side. His actions shocked many. It finally dawned on them why Dustin acted without restraint–he had someone backing him.
“Patrick, no one can stop me from killing my target, not even you.” Tyler’s expression remained cold, not showing any sign of yielding. A rich playboy was nothing in his eyes.
“There’s no reason to go that far. You should forgive sometimes.” Patrick frowned slightly.
Tyler spat out, “Get lost. My bullets don’t discriminate.”
“You-” Patrick’s expression darkened. Even though they were both sons of affluent families, he could never compare to Tyler in terms of status and authority. If Tyler decided to use force, he would be powerless to stop him.
“Mr. Grant, why are you so angry? Can’t things be discussed nicely at a table?” At that moment, a middle–aged man dressed in luxurious clothing walked in with his head held high.
“Hey, isn’t that Roderick, Big Bucks Brooks? I can’t believe he’s here.”
The crowd gasped silently in shock. As the person who controlled the economy in Millsburg, Roderick was undoubtedly the wealthiest man there! His words carried immense weight in the business world, and he commanded deep respect from everyone.
As he walked in, he naturally took a spot beside Dustin, clearly expressing his stance.
“What? Are you going against me too?” Tyler gave him the side eye.
Roderick responded calmly, “I wouldn’t dare. I simply hope Mr. Grant could mitigate the
circumstances.”
“And if I don’t?”
“I may need to reconsider my annual donation of one billion for your military spending.” Roderick
flashed a smile.
“Ha! A lowly businessman is threatening me? Beat it, or I’ll kill you too!” Tyler’s face grew cold. He was getting impatient. What was going on today? Why were all these mediocre people bravely acting up against him?
“I wouldn’t expect anything less from General Lionheart. You sure are mighty!” Suddenly, a commanding voice was heard by the door.
Everyone turned their attention toward the sound and saw a middle–aged man in an army uniform
adorned with stars, indicating his high rank. He strode confidently with a group of armed guards following behind him.
“The hell? That’s Sir Moran! What brings such an influential figure here?”
The crowd buzzed with excitement at his appearance, curious and astonished expressions filling
their faces.
Chapter 570
Sir Moran was a lieutenant general. He controlled nearly half of the army in the Southern Province. In terms of official rank, he stood half a notch higher than Tyler, who was only a major general. He sat at the top of the Southern Province!
The unexpected presence of a high–ranking official left everyone wondering, as it was a rare sight to witness him gracing any event.
“Keith Moran?” Tyler frowned slightly, seemingly surprised. He didn’t expect the Harmons to have the influence to bring forth Southern Province’s regional deputy chief.
“He’s finally here!” Hector couldn’t conceal his joy as the tension in his forehead gradually eased. Hector had bided his time in silence, waiting for the opportune moment. He had reached out to Keith a few days ago, uncertain if he would stand up for the Harmons. Seeing him arrive, Hector was relieved. With Keith Moran as the regional deputy chief in attendance, Tyler wouldn’t be able to act as he pleased.
This was Hector’s trump card!
###Chapter 571 by Marina Vittori
“Hahaha! Sir Moran is here! The Harmons are saved!” “With Sir Moran present, I doubt Tyler would continue his reckless behavior!”
Keith’s appearance uplifted the Harmons‘ spirits, and they felt inexplicably happy, finally feeling at ease after their previous feelings of repression. So what if Tyler was General Lionheart? He was only a major general. Sir Moran, as a lieutenant general and the one who controlled the army, held greater authority than Tyler. Even a talented genius like Tyler had to show deference in the presence of Sir Moran.
Trent flashed a wide smile. “Hector, I can’t believe you actually got Sir Moran to come. That’s amazing!”
“Trent, you got it all wrong. Sir Moran’s appearance should have something to do with my son’s identity,” Jacob said proudly.
Kate chimed in, “That makes sense. Dylan is a part of the Dark Panther Cavalry and is backed by the Goddess of War. With such a bright future, Sir Moran must have recognized his talent.”
Trent chuckled with realization. “Oh, that’s right… Dylan is our true talented genius.”
Considering the Harmons‘ standing, it wasn’t easy to have Keith confront Tyler. However, things were different if they factored in Scarlet, the Goddess of War’s connection.
“Ha! Let’s see if Tyler will continue to act as he pleases!” Dylan reveled in the praises, accepting the credit without hesitation. Hector didn’t correct them either. As long as they could resolve the situation, it didn’t matter who invited Keith.
“I believe this is just a birthday celebration. Why have you brought so many guards, General Lionheart?” Keith’s tone was frosty as he questioned Tyler, walking up to him slowly. The guards from both sides faced off against each other, creating a tense atmosphere.
“Sir Moran, this matter has nothing to do with you. I hope you won’t interfere,” Tyler was indifferent. Despite Keith’s higher rank, he remained fearless.
“Millsburg falls under my jurisdiction. Its safety is my responsibility. If you stir up trouble here, it’s only natural for me to step in,” Keith declared with conviction.
“You’re just a local general while I was bestowed my title by the royal family. Do you have authority over me?” Tyler retorted coldly.
“It doesn’t matter who commits the crime. As long as they do so, I will not stand idly by!” Keith confidently confronted him.
“Ha! I’m afraid the number of people you brought with you is not enough to stop my army,” Tyler
said, maintaining his advantage.
“If Sir Mason’s forces are insufficient, what if I join in?” At that moment, they heard an elderly yet commanding voice. It wasn’t loud, yet it reverberated through the entire place.
Following the voice, an elderly man with a white beard and matching eyebrows strolled in leisurely. He exuded a strong presence and had a piercing gaze, evoking an overwhelming air with his every move. Though unintentional, it was intimidating. As he walked through the doors, a
1/2
Chapter 571
palpable weight seemed to descend upon the crowd, like rocks pressing down on their chests. It was hard to even breathe.
“T–that… Isn’t that Sir Paul Hill?”
“Oh my God! It really is him! What’s he doing here?”
Everyone present erupted in a frenzy at his appearance. He was the patriarch of the Hill family, a highly skilled grandmaster, and a master of Balerno martial arts. He commanded immense respect and admiration in the marital world. In the entire seven provinces in Balerno, 100 thousand martial artists followed his command. He was a true leader, revered by countless
followers.
“What’s going on? Sir Hill is actually here?” The Harmon family members looked at each other in genuine surprise. Paul was a reserved man with an air of mystery surrounding him. He rarely made appearances for anyone, and their families weren’t acquainted. Why would a martial arts master like him step up for the Harmon family?
“Hector, did you invite Sir Hill?” Trent was dumbfounded.
Hector shook his head. “No.”
###Chapter 572 by Marina Vittori
“Who could it be then?” The Harmons were shocked once again. Who had the power to bring forth Sir Hill? Hector shook his head again. Paul’s appearance was indeed unexpected.
“Tyler Grant, do you think I can’t stop your army?” Paul stood unwavering like a tall mountain, his presence overwhelming. Even the guards behind Tyler began trembling as they held their guns. Not everyone could handle the imposing presence of a grandmaster.
“Hmm?” At that moment, Tyler, who had been indifferent the whole time, finally furrowed his brow. Of course, Paul could stop his army. A martial artist at the level of a grandmaster had transcended the limits of human capabilities. He had the power to single–handedly take on tens of thousands of men. Tyler’s army was naturally not enough to stop him. The important thing was that Paul not only had exceptional skills, but he also had an extremely high standing in the martial world. A hundred thousand martial artists in Balerno would never dare to defy any of his orders.
“Sir Hill, this is my personal grievance with the Harmons. I hope you will stay out of it.” Tyler remained unyielding.
“I love meddling in people’s affairs and will help out if I witness injustice. And since I’ve come across one today, naturally, I won’t sit idly by,” Paul responded calmly.
Tyler narrowed his eyes. “Is it worth becoming an enemy of the Grants for the Harmons?” Both families were part of the Tremendous Three, and each family had their own strengths. While they weren’t afraid of the other, Tyler was unwilling to sour their relationship with the Hills.
“I owe a favor, and I must repay it today. The grievances between your families can be dealt with next time. For now, you will not stir up trouble,” Paul warned him.
“And if I refuse to back down?” Tyler countered. He had gone this far, and it would be like a slap to
his face if he backed down so easily now.
“You refuse to back down? Then let’s see if your army can withstand my power.” As Paul spoke, he forcefully stomped on the ground. The impact caused a resounding explosion, leaving a crater in its wake, and the entire banquet hall shook violently.
At the same time, a violent surge of energy rushed toward Tyler’s armed guards like an avalanche. The black–clad, armed guards staggered backward like they were struck by lightning. Their faces turned pale and they broke out in cold sweat. They couldn’t even hold their guns steady.
The crowd was left utterly speechless at the terrifying sight. That was a grandmaster’s ability! With just one foot, he nearly defeated a hundred armed guards.
Tyler’s brow furrowed. He didn’t expect Paul to truly strike. Wasn’t the crazy old man afraid of instigating a war between the two families?
“Hahaha… Sir Hill is truly domineering. No wonder he’s a martial arts master!”
“With the support of both Sir Moran and Sir Hill, I doubt Tyler would act recklessly!”
“If you think about it, only those two could hold Tyler back.”
Pauls’s single stomp increased the Harmons‘ confidence. It didn’t matter if he was Tyler Grant, General Lionheart, or the great legend. He was no longer a threat to the Harmons.
###Chapter 573 by Marina Vittori
“Are you going to back down or not?” Paul stood proudly and imposingly. “Tyler, that’s enough.” Keith stepped forward as well, standing next to Paul. He alone might not be able to hold Tyler back, but with Paul’s power in the martial world, it should be enough to make Tyler wary. He believed that Tyler would be smart enough to back down.
“Looks like Tyler is about to be forced to submit.” “Who can stand against two highly influential figures when they come together?” “I didn’t know the Harmons held such influence. They were actually able to force Tyler into a tough spot.”
Taking in the sight of both parties at the height of their confrontation, the crowd couldn’t help but murmur among themselves. Tyler was an undeniably outstanding individual with a formidable background. No one dared to confront him, even when he publicly stirred up trouble at the Harmons‘ birthday celebration. However, no matter how excellent or talented he was, he still had to show deference in the face of both Keith’s and Paul’s superiority.
“Seems like both of you have made up your minds to go against me. However, I’m afraid it won’t be that easy to make me back down.” Tyler’s expression gradually grew colder. To be able to climb up to where he was now, he naturally had his connections.
“Wise individuals know how to adapt to their circumstances. Going against the tide is not a wise move,” Keith commented casually. “So we’re resorting to displays of power now, huh? Fine, I’m curious to see who holds the highest authority here,” Tyler said, taking out his phone and sending a message.
After a moment, the sound of orderly marching outside could be heard outside the door. The sound grew louder as they approached nearer. The resonating sound struck fear in people’s hearts. Following the noise, the Harmon family’s butler rushed in, shouting anxiously, “Mr. Harmon, things are looking bad! An army is forcing their way in.”
“An army?” Hector frowned. “Whose army is it?” A clear voice resounded, “That would be me!” A burly, middle–aged man in a general’s uniform strode in confidently. Keith’s expression shifted slightly at the sight of the man. Even Paul, who stood beside him, was surprised.
“It can’t be. Even Regional Chief Roger Leinonen is here?”
“This situation has gone out of hand! It really is Sir Leinonen!”
“Oh my goodness, what’s going on today? This is such an epic clash!”
Roger Leinonen was the regional chief of one of the provinces. As a second–ranked military official, he sat in the highest position in local law enforcement. Except for the viceroy who controlled the entire military and government, no one else could compare to him in the whole of Southern Province. He held true power. Even Keith had to show him deference. After all, one was the regional chief, while the other was the regional deputy chief. The word “deputy” made all the difference in terms of power and influence.
“This is spelling trouble. I can’t believe Tyler was able to invite Sir Leinonen.”
“What now? All our previous plans have gone to waste with his arrival!”
The Harmons were shocked and broke out in cold sweat upon Roger’s arrival. Each and every one of them looked anxious. Tyler alone was already a formidable opponent. With Sir Leinonen
backing him, they were unstoppable. Trouble was brewing for the Harmons.
“Sir Moran, General Lionheart is the pillar of our nation. Are you really going to confront him today?” Roger targeted Keith upon his arrival, his sharp tone establishing his authority.
Keith frowned without uttering a word. He never got along with Roger. Unfortunately, Roger held a higher position than he did.
“Sir Paul, you are highly respected, and I admire you greatly. I hope you will let this matter go on my behalf.” Roger turned his attention to Paul, appearing polite. After all, he didn’t wish to sever ties with a martial arts master unless absolutely necessary.
Paul narrowed his eyes. “Sir Leinonen, are you here to back Tyler?”
“I’m good friends with General Lionheart. Naturally, I’m going to offer him my full support,” Roger responded bluntly.
###Chapter 574 by Marina Vittori
Paul responded calmly, “It’s two against two. We’re not exactly at a disadvantage.” “Sir Paul, I’m afraid it’s two against one. You should ask Sir Moran if he’s still willing to open this can of worms,” Roger spoke profoundly.
“Hmm?” Paul turned to Keith and realized he seemed upset. It appeared like he had decided to back out with his silence. Keith was able to go up against Tyler alone, but with Roger backing him, it was a different story. After all, he wasn’t too acquainted with the Harmons. There was no need to jeopardize his career over this.
The Harmons feel dejected by Keith’s silence. Once he backed out, it would be hard for the Harmons to escape the situation unscathed.
“Mr. Harmon, I was indeed taken by surprise by your planning. Sadly, it isn’t enough. So, what is your decision?” Tyler looked up slightly, his gaze directed at Hector.
With Roger’s army, Paul alone wouldn’t be able to save the Harmons. Hector furrowed his brow, his expression solemn. Was he to give in to the Grants?
As the situation grew increasingly dire, Trent stood up to mediate. “General Lionheart, we can discuss this. There’s no need to escalate things this far.” The Harmons had used up their trump cards. They could only give in if they didn’t wish to receive their wrath.
“Of course, but I have a condition,” Tyler said calmly.
Trent responded, “What condition?”
“I want this brat’s life!” Tyler exclaimed unexpectedly, pointing a finger at Dustin. A plebeian who dared challenge the authority of the Grants should pay a price. He was going to set an example
today.
Trent froze, shifting his gaze toward Hector, who was beside him. Hector was silent. No one knew what he was thinking.
“Tyler Grant! Don’t go too far!” Natasha finally reached her breaking point.
“You should take responsibility for your actions. You were the ones who made the decision,” Tyler said indifferently.
“You-” Natasha’s expression grew increasingly cold.
“Seems like this Dustin guy is done for.” Zoey, who was among the crowd, sighed.
Zeke sneered. “Hmph! This is the consequence for daring to challenge General Lionheart.”
“If you think about it, he brought this upon himself.” Gordon was silently happy about it.
“Tyler Grant, I’m afraid you’re still not worthy of taking my life.” Dustin remained calm.
“What? Do you think anyone else can save you today?” Tyler uttered coldly.
As soon as he spoke, a guard rushed in anxiously. He reported, “Sir Leinonen, there’s trouble! A group of guards have barged in!”
“Don’t you see that I am here with General Lionheart? Why are you so panicked?” Roger’s
1/2
Chapter 574
expression hardened. “Even if the emperor himself were here, it wouldn’t change a thing, let alone a small group of guards! Drive them out!”
The guard’s expression turned grave. “W–we can’t. They are the viceroy’s personal guards.”
“So what if they are the viceroy’s personal guards? I-” Roger was halfway through his tirade when he froze. His words were stuck in his throat.
The viceroy and his personal guards? It couldn’t be… The viceroy was here? Before Roger could fully comprehend the situation, he saw someone walk through the door. It was a well–dressed, middle–aged man. The man had a handsome face and a dignified posture. Even when he was calm, he carried an air of authority, and every move of his was imposing.
“Lord… Lord Xenos?” Roger’s expression turned for the worst immediately at the sight of the man.
###Chapter 575 by Marina Vittori
“Lord Xenos! It’s Lord Xenos!” “Damn, even Lord Xenos has shown up! The world is turning upside down!” “Who was able to bring forth Lord Xenos?”
The crowd broke out into a frenzy at the sight of the distinguished man. Lord Xenos was no ordinary man; he was the viceroy! The influential figure who held control over the entire military and government of Southern province! He was an official of the first rank and a true authority figure! A single action of his could shake up Millsburg in its entirety. Sir Leinonen and General Lionheart were mere shadows compared to him.
“Why is Lord Xenos here? Did Tyler invite him?”
“It’s over. It’s all over… There’s no one to save us now!” “He’s the most powerful official in all of Southern province. Who else can compare to him?”
The Harmons were shaken, their faces filled with fear and despair. Given their status, it was evident that they weren’t the ones to invite the viceroy. So there was only one possibility–he was on Tyler’s side.
At that moment, not only were the Harmons shaken, but Tyler was also surprised and puzzled. He wasn’t exactly acquainted with the viceroy.
“It’s him?” When Dustin saw him arrive, he finally revealed a flicker of emotion. It wasn’t the person’s title that stirred him, but it was because he recognized him. It was none other than Ruby’s father–George Xenos. When he first met him at the hospital a few days ago, he wasn’t aware of his identity. He didn’t expect him to be the viceroy who controlled the entire Southern province.
“Oh, Lord Xenos, what brings you here?” After a momentary daze, Roger approached and greeted
him with a smile. Lord Xenos was, after all, his direct superior.
“Roger, I heard you were planning to drive away my men. Is that true?” George asked nonchalantly.
“It’s a misunderstanding … It’s all just a misunderstanding!” Roger smiled apologetically. “I would
welcome them with open arms. I would never dare to drive them away.”
“Is that so?” George surveyed his surroundings. “Then why have you brought so many of your men
here?”
“Uh…” Roger froze, unsure of how to respond. He couldn’t possibly admit that he was helping the
Grants tyrannize the Harmons, could he?
Tyler intervened, “Lord Xenos, what brings you to this place?”
“What, do I need to report my movements to you?” George countered.
Tyler lowered his head slightly. “Not at all. I’m just curious, that’s all.”
“I heard Mr. Hector is celebrating his birthday today. I’m here to wish him a happy birthday.” George’s voice was loud and clear.
1/2
Chapter 575
“Wish him a happy birthday?” All eyes turned to Hector at George’s words. The Harmons were acquainted with Lord Xenos?
Trent’s voice began to quiver as he asked, “H–Hector, did you really invite Lord Xenos?”
“I…” Hector found himself at a loss for words. If he had indeed invited Lord Xenos, he wouldn’t
have feared the Grants. However, Lord Xenos seemed unmistakably on their side from his statement. Hector couldn’t figure out who could possibly have the influence to bring forth Lord
Xenos‘ presence.
“Roger, you must be here to send your wishes too, I reckon?” George suddenly asked.
“Huh?” Roger was momentarily stunned before nodding. “Yes, that’s right… I’m here to send my wishes!” He wouldn’t dare continue acting rashly with Lord Xenos backing the Harmons. He could only use the pretext to act as if nothing had happened.
“How about you?” George turned his attention to Tyler, his tone slightly imposing.
“I’m here to send my wishes and pick up my bride,” Tyler answered bluntly.
“Pick up your bride? Who is she?”
Tyler answered, “Mr. Hector’s daughter and I have long been engaged. Today is the day of our marriage according to the marriage contract.”
###Chapter 576 by Marina Vittori
“Oh? Is that so?” George glanced at Hector. Hector spoke truthfully, “They were indeed engaged in the past. But there were some problems recently that warranted further discussion regarding the engagement.”
“Problems should be solved round the table. Why be so hostile?” George expressed his dissatisfaction. “I’m open to discussion, but the Harmons are not respecting me,” Tyler responded.
“Marriage should be based on mutual consent. It’s criminal behavior for you to force my hand in marriage by publicly deploying your army!” Natasha suddenly cried out.
“She’s right,” George agreed. “A marriage should be between two willing parties. If one party is unwilling, you shouldn’t force it.”
Tyler frowned slightly at his words. It appeared as if George was adamant about standing with the
Harmons.
“Lord Xenos, what did the Harmons promise you? I’m willing to pay tenfold,” Tyler unexpectedly said to George.
“How dare you!” George’s expression darkened, and he bellowed, “Tyler Grant! Is this how you see the viceroy? A corrupt official?”
“No, no. Not at all… Tyler misspoke. Please forgive him!” Roger attempted to defuse the situation immediately.
“You are too young to know how the world works and are too impulsive and aggressive. Take your men with you, and get out of here!” George bellowed. He had thought of saving Tyler the embarrassment but didn’t expect him to not know his place.
“Tyler, let it go. We can talk about matters at a later time.” Roger gave Tyler a meaningful look. Both of them were nothing in front of the viceroy. Typer might be talented with a bright future ahead, but he wasn’t strong enough to challenge George at this time.
Tyler narrowed his eyes. “Lord Xenos, are you really going to support the Harmons?”
“That’s right! I’m definitely supporting them! If anyone has a problem with it, feel free to talk to me.” George’s tone was domineering.
The Harmons were ecstatic upon hearing his declaration, while Tyler’s expression turned unusually resentful. He couldn’t understand the reason George would publicly challenge the Grants in favor of the Harmons. Even though he was upset, he could only give in for now. George was a first–ranked official and controlled the army, Tyler couldn’t afford to offend him. However, he was confident he would overshadow George in under five years.
“Lord Xenos, since you have a higher rank, I’ll concede for now. However, the world is a small place, and things don’t always go as you want. We’ll meet again!” With a scoff, Tyler strutted out of the place with his entourage. He promised there would come a day when he would crush George beneath his feet.
“Lord Xenos, the younger generation can be impulsive at times. I hope you won’t take it to heart. I
1/2
Chapter Sire
shall take my leave as well.” With a nod of acknowledgment, Roger followed Tyler out the door. He had to admit they hit a brick wall today.
“Lord Xenos is amazing. He was able to drive Tyler away with just a few words.”
“Of course! He’s the viceroy entrusted with a region. It’s not merely an empty title.”
“I envy the Harmons. They actually have Lord Xenos backing them.”
The discussion among the guests grew increasingly heated with Tyler’s departure. Nobody expected a mere birthday celebration to bring forth that many influential figures. The contest between the two families was akin to an epic clash
“Lord Xenos, Sir Paul, Sir Moran, thank you for your help. We will forever be grateful.” Hector walked up to them and shook their hands. Without their appearance, disaster would’ve befallen
the Harmons.
George smiled. “You’re welcome, Mr. Harmon. The main reason I came was to return a favor.” As he spoke, he stole a glance at Dustin.
“Return a favor?” Hector was puzzled, Lord Xenos was not only an extremely influential figure, but he also held the highest authority and answered to no one. Who could Lord Xenos owe a favor to among the Harmons?
Paul chuckled as he stroked his beard. “What a coincidence; I’m also here to return a favor, just like you, Lord Xenos.”
“Huh?” Hector widened his eyes, growing even more confused. One was the viceroy, while the other was a renowned martial arts master. Who exactly could have both influential figures owe them a favor at the same time?
“Congratulations, Mr. Harmon. With such an outstanding son–in–law, the Harmons are destined for a prosperous future.” George gave him a meaningful smile.
“Son–in–law?” It didn’t make sense to Hector. Both of his daughters were not yet married, so which son–in–law did he mean?
Hector was hit by a sudden realization. Could it be Dustin?
###Chapter 577 by Marina Vittori
Hector was astonished at the thought. He turned his head and looked toward Dustin, finding him calm and collected. It appeared as if he were an outsider in the situation. However, that was exactly what made him indiscernible.
Upon deep reflection, Hector realized that the Harmons‘ situation had taken a turn for the better when Dustin started challenging Tyler. Was this young man in front of him really the person who turned the tide? It would be frightening if that were the case!
“Mr. Hector, I’m needed elsewhere, so I’ll be taking my leave first.” George left after saying his goodbyes. He didn’t expose Dustin’s identity as he was worried about making things complicated for him. Some things were better left untold.
“Guess there’s no more fighting. I’ll be leaving too.” Paul gave Dustin a knowing look before
leaving with his head held high.
“Mr. Hector, see you next time.” Sir Moran shook his hand and left as well.
As the influential figures departed, the ballroom livened up even more. Not only did the guests discuss among themselves, but even the Harmons were making their own speculations.
“Dad, I can’t believe you’re influential enough to be able to invite Sir Paul and Lord Xenos over. You’re amazing!” Natasha walked up with a huge smile on her face. With two influential figures backing them, she was sure Tyler wouldn’t dare force her hand in marriage any longer. She
considered herself to have broken free from him.
“Hector, it seems you have more tricks hidden up your sleeves. I’m impressed!” Trent and a few of his people went up to Hector as well. Each of them looked proud, their faces brimming with excitement. With Lord Xenos and Sir Paul backing them, the Harmons would be unstoppable.
“Trent, it wasn’t me. I don’t have that kind of influence.” Hector remained modest and shook his
head.
“Then who could it be if it wasn’t you?” Trent was puzzled and confused.
“I’m wondering the same thing…” Hector rubbed his chin and glanced at Dustin once again. He asked meaningfully, “Dustin, do you know who could have invited them?”
Before Dustin could respond, a clear and loud voice interjected, “Uncle Hector, there’s no need to speculate any longer, as that would be me!” The crowd turned their heads in the direction of the voice and saw Dylan walking over proudly.
“Dylan, are you acquainted with Lord Xenos and Sir Paul?” Trent was pleasantly surprised.
“Although I don’t know them personally, they appeared because of me.” Dylan was confident.
“Oh? Why do you say so?” Trent was taken aback.
“I’m associated with the Dark Panther Cavalry, and I have the backing of the Goddess of War. It’s likely that they recognized my potential and talent and decided to help out.” Dylan’s head was held high.
“That’s right! Dylan is the Scarlet Warrior’s trusted aide. It’s natural for Lord Xenos to take a liking
to him,” Kate chimed in.
1/2
Chapter 572
“So that’s why… No wonder Lord Xenos was that enthusiastic.”
“Dylan truly is exceptional to have gained the favor of the two influential figures.”
“Dylan, I didn’t know you had such powerful connections. You’re amazing!”
At that moment, the crowd showered him with praises, hailing him as their savior.
Jacob laughed heartily and was filled with pride. “My son is so talented!” He was clued in on Sir Moran’s appearance. However, he didn’t expect his son to be so skilled that he would garner Lord
Xenos and Sir Paul’s attention.
“I think there’s more to this. Dylan’s status is not enough to impress the viceroy,” Natasha said after thoughtful consideration. She noticed George never even glanced at Dylan throughout the entire ordeal.
“Hmph! You’re just jealous!”
###Chapter 578 by Marina Vittori
Kate snorted. “You sure are jealous of Dylan, even when you are talentless. How petty is that? If you are unhappy about Dylan, tell me, who else is better than him?”
Kate’s remark caught Natasha off guard. Dylan was indeed the best among other family members in their generation because of his government ranks.
“What’s the matter? Cat got your tongue? Is it that hard to admit that Dylan’s better than you?”
Kate sneered at her. “Natasha, you dodged a bullet today, all thanks to me! You’d better show some gratitude,” Dylan chimed in, much to Natasha’s dismay. He and Kate seemed to be working together to bring her down.
“All thanks to you? How?” Dustin did not like it when they laughed at Natasha. “Lord Xenos is a viceroy, and you’re just a colonel. You’re nowhere near his level, so why did you think he showed up for you?”
“Are you claiming that he showed up for you?” Dylan scoffed. “You guessed right. He came here because of me.” Dustin nodded, much to everyone’s surprise.
But the surprise soon turned into dismissive laughter. “Hahaha! Have you lost your mind? Why would you even say that?” “Dustin Rhys, who do you think you are? What do you have to invite the viceroy?”
“Hmph! You seemed to have forgotten your place after tasting a little bit of power!” The members of the Harmon family looked at him disdainfully as though he was a complete fool. How dare a country doctor and a kept man make such an outrageous claim?
“Dustin, do you really know Lord Xenos?” Natasha was quite dumbstruck.
“I saved Mrs. Xenos‘ life a few days ago. He owed me a favor,” he confessed.
“He owed you a favor? Hah! You really flatter yourself! With Lord Xenos‘ rank, he can call on any reputable doctor he wants from the military. Why does he need the help of a country doctor who’s more form than substance?” Dylan sneered at Dustin.
“Exactly! Dustin, you’re too presumptuous. The audacity to name– drop Lord Xenos so casually! You have no shame at all!” Kate smirked. “Believe it or not, that’s the truth.” Dustin dropped another bombshell, “I cured Mrs. Xenos‘ illness and saved Sir Paul from death!”
Upon hearing this statement, the people around him burst into even louder laughter, staring at Dustin as if he were a complete clown.
“Are you seriously telling me that Sir Paul came here because of you?” Dylan snickered.
“Absolutely.” Dustin nodded matter–of–factly. Dylan threw his head back as he laughed. “Oh, Dustin, I never thought you could be so thick- skinned! That was eye–opening!”
“Natasha, I never thought you’d fall for an incompetent man who bluffs,” Kate made a cynical jab, jumping on the opportunity to insult her cousin.
“That was embarrassing! I felt second–hand embarrassment just watching!” Zoey shook her head
from the crowd.
Zeke, with a derisive look on his face, added, “To be honest, I kind of admire his ability to lie with a straight face.”
Gordon snickered. “Well, a thick–skinned man is practically invincible.”
No one believed that a loser like Dustin, who had neither authority nor influence, was somehow acquainted with a big shot like Paul Hill.
“What’s so funny?” Dustin asked nonchalantly.
“What’s not funny about the entire thing? Sir Paul is a legendary figure in the martial arts field and a grandmaster. It’s rather ridiculous to boast about saving his life, don’t you think?”
Without a word, Dustin slammed an ornate silver badge onto the table. Engraved on it was the Hill family’s last name–a Consultant Badge!
When the crowd took a good look at the badge, they collectively gasped as their smiles froze. “I thought you guys love to laugh at others. Why aren’t you laughing now?”
###Chapter 579 by Marina Vittori
“I thought you guys love to laugh at others. Why aren’t you laughing now?” After Dustin displayed his Consultant Badge, he openly confronted those who had looked down upon him.
Dylan, Kate, and Natasha’s friends gaped at the sight of the silver Consultant Badge on the table. They were smiling no more. After all, a Consultant Badge from the Hill family was a rare treasure coveted by many. With that badge in hand, one would have the backing of the Hill family, which also came with the perks of accessing and utilizing the family resources. It was not an understatement to describe the badge as priceless!
However, it raised another question–how did the badge end up in Dustin’s possession? Was he telling the truth when he said that he had saved Sir Paul’s life? At the thought, everyone looked at Dustin differently.
“T–that’s impossible! Why would you have the Consultant Badge from the Hill family?” Kate was still reeling from the shock, even though she was rather doubtful.
“I explained it clearly to you earlier, and I don’t want to repeat myself,” Dustin brushed her off coldly. He wouldn’t have displayed the badge if Dylan and Kate hadn’t harrassed Natasha.
“Kate Harmon, what do you say? Is there anything wrong with my boyfriend now?” Natasha couldn’t resist taking a jab at Kate after she regained her confidence. She finally had the chance to relieve her frustration from being ridiculed and bullied just now.
“Hmph! Don’t get ahead of yourselves! The Consultant Badge means nothing!” Kate’s face
scrunched up into a scowl.
“Exactly!” Dylan chimed in, “How did you get your hands on the Consultant Badge of the Hill family with your social standing? I bet the badge is a fake!”
“A fake?” Everyone exchanged cautious glances. It was public knowledge that the badge represented the Hill family. Whoever faked it would be courting death.
“Dylan, that’s ridiculous!” Natasha glared at him. “The Hill family crest is clearly engraved on the badge. Everyone sees it clearly. How can this be a fake?”
“Can’t you fake a family crest?” Dylan boastfully assumed, “It’s just a silver badge. I can get a duplicate with ten thousand dollars. What’s so special about it?”
“That’s a load of bull. No one would fake the Consultant Badge of the Hill family!” Natasha argued.
“Dustin Rhys was bold enough to face Tyler Grant. Faking a badge is child’s play for him.” Dylan
chuckled
“Nonsense! And what proof do you have?” Natasha roared at him.
“Do you want proof? Fine.” Dylan grinned and picked up the badge from the table. He gave it a
squeeze with his hand, and the silver badge cracked as it contorted into the shape of a silver bar.
Dustin frowned at Dylan’s act, while Natasha yelled, aghast, “Hey, what are you doing?”
Ignoring the two, Dylan showed off the crushed silver badge. “Everyone knows that the Hill family Consultant Badge is made of special bulletproof, waterproof, and fireproof materials. But look at this thing. It falls apart like jelly when you squeeze it. How can this be authentic?“
###Chapter 580 by Marina Vittori
“That’s right! The Hill family’s Consultant Badge is as hard as steel. Only a counterfeit would be that brittle! Kate supported Dylan’s claim, and everyone else nodded in realization. “So, it’s a fake after all. That gave me a good shock.”
“This guy knows no shame! I can’t believe he created a counterfeit badge just for show. He’s too much!” “Hmph! It’s fortunate that Sir Dylan was smart enough to see through him. Otherwise, we’d all have been fooled!”
Most of the crowd started berating Dustin. They trusted a wealthy son more than a lowly commoner. It was ironic how a successful person could blabber nonsense, and it would be taken as the absolute truth. While that same person, before becoming successful, could tell the absolute truth, and his words would be treated as garbage.
Dustin spoke to Dylan coldly, “Dylan Harmon, have you thought of the consequences of destroying the Consultant Badge and distorting the truth in public?”
“The consequences? Ha! You’re the one tricking people with counterfeit items. I’m just doing what is right,” Dylan countered righteously.
“That’s right! We’ve been kind enough to not hold you accountable. How dare you start a fuss with us?” Kate snorted.
“Hey, don’t push it, you two!” Natasha was getting angry. Naturally, she had complete trust in Dylan. That was why she was certain Dylan was distorting the truth earlier and slandering Dustin on purpose.
“Alright, that’s enough. We’re all family. It’s not a good look to be fighting here.” Trent intervened at the right time. It would be an embarrassment to the Harmons if their children broke out into a fight in front of their esteemed guests.
“I’m going to put this matter aside on behalf of my uncle, Dustin.” Dylan walked up to Dustin and passed him the ruined Consultant Badge. He mocked him, saying, “Here, take your fake badge back.”
“You know very well if it’s fake or not.” Dustin was indifferent.
Dylan chuckled and whispered in his ear, “Does it even matter? My words carry weight here. It’s a fake if I say so. It doesn’t matter if you feel wronged, Fucking keep it in. The world revolves around power and position, brat. A loser like you will only be worthy of being trampled by me. Remember, you’re just an ant. Act like one. There are people you can’t afford to offend, so suck it up!” Near the end, Dylan gave up the pretense as his lips gradually widened into a winner’s smile. “My, my … You’re not about to cry, are you? Please don’t cry, or I’ll be laughing my ass off.”
Dustin narrowed his eyes. “People like you truly deserve a beating.”
“What? Are you angry? Come on, I’m right here. Why don’t you hit me? Do you dare?” Dylan said provokingly.
“I’m just going to dirty my hands if I hit you. But not to worry. I’ll make you pay,” Dustin said
1/2
Chapter 580
nonchalantly.
“You’re going to make me pay? Oh, I’m looking forward to it. What are you planning on doing?” Dylan chuckled teasingly.
Instead of responding directly, Dustin patted Dylan’s shoulder. He said calmly, “You’ll find out
soon enough.”
Dylan sneered. “Alright! I’ll be waiting. I’m curious to see what tricks you have up your sleeves.”
“Dylan, there’s no need to waste your breath on him. Let’s go back to our seats.” Kate glanced at Dustin, her expression full of disdain.
“Kate, someone is threatening me. I’m so scared… Hahahaha!” Dylan first put on a terrified, shaking act before dissolving into a loud cackle. However, his laughter suddenly ceased, and he froze; his expression betrayed his pain. He crumpled to the floor, blood spurting out of his mouth, and his body convulsed as his eyes rolled back in his head
###Chapter 581 by Marina Vittori
“Dylan!” The sudden turn of events left everyone stunned. Nobody expected Dylan to collapse and spurt blood when he was still laughing a second ago. “Get him to the hospital, quickly!” Hector made a prompt decision and ordered someone to carry Dylan out.
“Hey, brat! Did you do this?” Jacob was about to leave when he thought of something and turned back, his expression menacing.
“What does it have to do with me? It’s his old injuries that resurfaced. If you’re looking for someone to blame, you should blame Tyler since he attacked him earlier.” Dustin shrugged. “You- Jacob was exasperated. However, he couldn’t start a scene without evidence.
“Jacob. You should go now. It’s more important to save Dylan,” Hector reminded him. “Let’s go!” Jacob glared at Dustin and left angrily, not wanting to waste any more time. Trent and Kate followed behind them. As the Harmons‘ most talented genius, Dylan’s safety would affect their future. He was already considered equal in standing to Hector, the family patriarch.
“Dear, what did you do to him?” Natasha got closer to Dustin and asked in a lowered voice. Something unusual clearly occurred for Dylan to suddenly collapse and spurt blood.
“What could I do? It was mainly because of Tyler,” Dustin said seriously.
“Do you really expect me to believe that?” Natasha rolled her eyes. “Nobody can hear us, so you’d
better tell me the truth.”
“Alright, I just aggravated his injuries and made it worse.” Dustin smiled. Dylan had sustained internal injuries from Tyler’s attack earlier. And when Dustin patted Dylan’s shoulder, he channeled another bout of violent true energy into his body. His unstable condition flared up
instantly.
“Will he die?” Natasha asked cautiously. Even though she didn’t get along with Dylan, he was still her uncle’s only son. As they were related by blood, she didn’t wish for him to lose his life.
“Don’t worry. He won’t die, but he’ll be suffering for a while. Perhaps, he might even have complications from it,” Dustin said meaningfully. In essence, Dylan would grow weak and constantly struggle with illnesses.
“As long as he doesn’t die, it doesn’t matter. Serves him right!” Natasha was indignant. She was still upset about the time he spiked the wine. Since he was terrorizing others again, naturally, he should be taught a lesson.
“What are you two whispering about?” Hector, who was standing not far away, suddenly interjected.
“Nothing.” Natasha grinned and changed the subject. “Dad, if it weren’t for Dustin, we would have
been in big trouble!”
“Not bad. Seems like we’re indebted to you again.” Hector nodded, looking impressed. He believed Dustin despite the skepticism from others. And that was because of what George said before he left.
“Not at all, Mr. Harmon. I didn’t do much,” Dustin responded politely.
“Dad, are you not going to do anything as a show of appreciation?” Natasha was slightly upset.
“What do you suggest? How about I give him your hand in marriage?” Hector joked.
“Huh?”
###Chapter 582 by Marina Vittori
While Dustin froze, Natasha blushed. “This… this is too sudden. I’m not prepared for it!” She followed that up by asking, “Have you chosen a date? When are we getting married?”
“Hey, you thought I was for real? You should be embarrassed!” Hector glared at her. Natasha pouted. “You said it yourself. Why are you yelling at me instead?”
“Alright, it’s time to get serious.” Hector’s smile gradually disappeared. “Even though we overcame the situation for now, this matter is far from over. With Tyler’s personality, he will not take this sitting down.”
“Will Tyler still act recklessly with Lord Xenos and $ir Paul behind us?” Natasha raised an eyebrow.
“Tyler might not confront us directly, but he will definitely act behind the scenes.” Hector was solemn as he continued, “Lord Xenos and Sir Paul have also repaid their favor. They won’t help us a second time. We can only face him ourselves now.”
“Does that mean trouble will continue brewing for us?” Natasha looked pensive.
“There will be trouble, but the most important thing is Dustin’s safety.” Hector turned his attention toward Dustin and warned him, “Tyler is an unsympathetic and prideful man. Whether it was your involvement in Jayla’s death or your public confrontation with him, they were all unforgivable acts for him. You will be in danger going forward.”
“Thank you for the warning, Uncle Hector. I will take note.” Dustin nodded. He knew Tyler would come after him to get revenge. But as long as Natasha was safe, there was nothing he feared.
“During this period, I’ll deploy team one of our shadow guards to protect you. That should lessen some of your troubles.” Hector declared.
“Team one? They’re your personal bodyguards, aren’t they?” Natasha was astonished. The Harmons had six shadow guard teams. Team one was the most skilled, with a divine–level martial artist leading them. They were considered the Harmon family’s trump card. However, since team one’s responsibility was specifically to oversee the patriarch’s safety, they weren’t deployed easily.
Hector responded, “I don’t need them for now. Let them protect Dustin.”
“Uncle Harmon, actually, I don’t need protecting,” Dustin tried to decline.
“There are times when we slip up. With team one protecting you, they will act as an extra precaution to ensure your safety. Consider this our sincere gift to you. Don’t refuse it.” Hector was serious.
Natasha nodded in agreement. “My dad is right. Your safety comes first.”
“Alright…” Since Hector had put it that way, there was no reason for Dustin to refuse any longer.
Even though he wasn’t afraid of Tyler, it would affect him slightly if Tyler decided to assassinate him. At least he could avoid unnecessary trouble with the shadow guards keeping watch on him.
In the meantime, inside the Grant family mansion, Roger was seated on the sofa, appearing pensive. “Tyler, The Harmons have Lord Xenos backing them now. It won’t be easy to target them.”
“Even though we can’t touch them publicly, no one said anything about acting in the dark.” Tyler stood with his hands behind his back. His gaze was unusually cold as he stared at a bird perched. on a tree outside the window. ? What
“Oh? What are your plans?” Roger was curious.
“I have a few friends in the martial arts world. I’m going to get them to act and create chaos within the Harmon family!” Tyler spat out coldly.
“But, that’s Paul’s territory … ” Roger was at a loss for words. Paul was highly influential as a martial arts master.
“Hmph! He’s just an old man nearing death. While his words hold a certain weight, it won’t be enough to stop me!” Tyler had a look of arrogance.
“It seems like you have everything arranged. Is there anything I can help you with?” Roger asked cautiously.
“Just keep an eye on George’s movements for me. As long as he doesn’t enter the picture, I will play with the Harmons as I please!” Tyler clenched his fist. ·
“No problem. Leave it to me,” Roger vouched as he patted his chest. He wasn’t brave enough to challenge Lord Xenos. However, it would be nothing if he just had to monitor his movements.
After sending Roger off, Tyler suddenly turned around and faced a corner. “That Dustin brat irritated me today. I asked you to kill him the last time, but I changed my mind. I want him to go. through a living hell!”
“Right away!” A shadow disappeared from the corner.
###Chapter 583 by Marina Vittori
The next morning, at Nicholson Corp. Dustin reported to work as usual. As Chief Security Officer, his work was relatively easy. He would punch in in the morning and patrol the area with a few officers, and he would have free time after that. He could do anything he wanted since no one was there to keep watch on him Dustin had just sat down in his office when someone knocked on his door. He looked up and found that it was the Vice Chairman, Hank Hoffman.
“Mr. Rhys, are you free? Can I have a word with you?” Hank walked in the door with a smile. Remaining in his seat, Dustin greeted him. “Mr. Hoffman, how can I help you?”
“Mr. Rhys, I had my friend bring back this aged Narcissus Tea from Mount Woui. I hope you like it. Hank took out a delicate gift box and placed it on his table.
Dustin raised an eyebrow. “Aged Narcissus Tea? This must be pretty expensive.”
“It’s nothing, just over a million dollars.” Hank smiled Dustin declined his gift. “Mr. Hoffman, this is too valuable. I can’t afford to take it, you should keep it for yourself.”
“It’s okay if you don’t like to drink tea. I have another present prepared. Still smiling, he took out a check from his pocket and said, “Here are three million dollars. Consider it a kind gesture of mine. I hope you accept it.”
“Mr. Hoffman, you’re giving me gifts and money. What exactly is the meaning of this?” Dustin questioned him straightforwardly.
Hank chuckled. “I’d like to be friends with you, Mr. Rhys.” He flashed Dustin a meaningful smile. “I know you are close to Dahlia, but you won’t have a future if you continue working for her. She’s just a lady. She won’t be able to accomplish great things.”
Dustin’s expression remained unchanged. “So?”
“So, I hope you can help me out. I’ll treat you well. The gifts I’ve given you today are just the start of many. There’ll be more benefits for you going forward.” Hank started revealing his true intentions.
“Mr. Hoffman, I don’t think it’s appropriate for you to ask me to betray Ms. Nicholson,” Dustin responded calmly.
“Mr. Rhys, the world revolves around gains. Dahlia pays you only a measly salary. Why would you still be loyal to her?”
Seeing his lack of reaction, Hank continued to persuade him. “As long as you agree to my terms, I’ll make sure you end up as Vice Chairman when I become the Chairman!” The only reason Hank gave him such a lucrative offer was due to his identity as the Flame Dragon gang leader. He knew that with Dustin backing Dahlia, it would be difficult to remove her from her position. That was why he needed to get Dustin on his side to achieve his goals.
“Mr. Hoffman, you sure have confidence in me. Sadly, I’m not interested in your terms.” Dustin gave him an ambiguous smile. “What are you interested in, then? I’ll try my best to fulfill it as long as it’s within my means. Hank responded hastily.
“Nothing. I just want you to obediently stay as Vice Chairman and not push the boundaries.” Dustin’s smile gradually disappeared.
“What?” Hank furrowed his brows. “What do you mean, Mr. Rhys?”
Dustin responded coldly, “You don’t get it? Let me make it clearer. Going forward, Dahlia will always remain the Chairman of this company. Anyone who wishes to dispose of her will answer to me, understood?”
Hank’s expression darkened. “Mr. Rhys, does that mean this is out of discussion?”
“I’m not interested in discussing anything with you. Now, get out. I’m going to take a nap.” Dustin waved his hand in annoyance.
“Fine, I hope you don’t come to regret it!” Hank let out an audible scoff and left the room after
packing up. He could only seek other methods since he was unsuccessful in bribing Dustin.
“He wants to bribe me with a few million dollars? Does he think I’m poor?” Dustin was annoyed. He was a billionaire. That small amount of money was insignificant to him.
Suddenly, Dustin’s phone rang.
###Chapter 584 by Marina Vittori
Dustin answered the call and instantly heard Julie’s voice blaring through the speakers, “Dustin, Dahlia got into a traffic accident! Come and help us out, quick!”
“An accident?” Startled, Dustin probed for more information. “What happened? Is she hurt?”
“It’s a long story. I’ll send you our location. Come here right now!” Julie urged. “Okay!” Without wasting any time,, Dustin ended the call and rushed out the door.
Over at Dahlia’s side, a Maserati and a Bentley had run into each other on the streets. Both cars were heavily damaged, and there were shards of car glass scattered around the point of collision.
After the collision, several young men and women came out of the Bentley, and at the forefront of the group was a young lady with hair that was dyed a bright red, and clad in luxurious branded goods from head to toe.
After she got out of her car, she immediately went up to Dahlia’s car and began banging on the window, yelling rudely, “Hey! Can’t you fucking drive? Get out of the goddamn car right now!”
“Get out!”
“Yeah, get the hell out, woman!”
The rest of them, who were together with the red–haired lady, also began kicking and banging on
Dahlia’s car threateningly.
“Stop it!” Julie opened the car door and got out, shouting at them, “Why are you behaving like such hooligans? You were the ones who made an illegal U–turn and broke the law! You are fully responsible for the accident!”
“Full responsibility, my ass!” The red–haired lady gave Julie a hard slap across the face. “Quit running your mouth here! You ran into my car, so pay up!”
“Y–you hit me? Have you any idea who I am?” Julie was shocked and enraged as she cupped her stinging cheek in her hand.
“Whoa! You’re trying to challenge me, aren’t you? Very well, tell me, who are you?” The red–haired lady sniggered.
“You’d be terrified!” Julie said haughtily, “She’s Dahlia Nicholson, chairperson of Nicholson Corp!
And I am her cousin–cum–secretary!”
“Nicholson Corp.?” The red–haired lady made a face when she heard that. “What trash is that? I’ve
never even heard of it before!”
“That’s only because you’re ignorant! I’m warning you, if you do not wish things to blow out of hand, you better pay up and apologize or you’ll be sorry!” Julie threatened her meanly.
“Fucking hell! How dare you threaten me, you bitch?” With a nasty glare, the red–haired lady struck Julie across the face once again. The resounding smack sent Julie staggering backward and falling flat on the ground, breaking a tooth in the process.
1/2
Chapter 584
“Y–you–you! How dare you strike me again? You’re going to regret this!” Fuming, Julie scrambled up to her feet before launching herself at the red–haired lady, ready to get down and dirty.
“You insolent fool!” She smirked as she sent a punch straight to Julie’s guts. With a horrifying shriek, Julie fell to her knees and everything she had left in her stomach came rushing out.
“Stop this!” Seeing that things were about to get ugly, Dahlia swiftly went forward to help Julie up before she turned around and shouted at the red– haired lady, “Who gave you the right to hit others? ”
“I do as I please! What, are you not happy? Why don’t I give you a good beating too, huh?” She shot Dahlia a glare.
“You’re going too far!” Dahlia was infuriated. She didn’t expect these people to be so rude and aggressive. They were clearly the ones who were in the wrong, and yet they showed no remorse and even resorted to physically assaulting others. They were way too arrogant!
###Chapter 585 by Marina Vittori
“Oh, I’m going too far now, am I? Well, so what if I am? What are you going to do about it?” The red- haired lady stood with arms akimbo as she glared daggers at Dahlia.
“I’ve called the cops! You better not act rashly!” Dahlia warned. She had Julie make several calls. as soon as they had the accident.
“The cops?” The red–haired girl laughed obnoxiously as her friends behind her watched on. unkindly, obviously having no regard for the authorities. “Do you think that I’d be daunted by mere cops? I’ll have you know, I can kill you right this instant and chuck you into the ocean as fish food, and no one will be able to do anything about it!” She laughed nastily.
“Surely you can’t be above the law!” Dahlia shook her head with a frown, her brows furrowed.
“The law? Haha! I am the fucking law! Now, pay me ten million dollars, or I’ll show you what I’m capable of!” The red–haired lady threatened.
“Ten million dollars? That’s daylight robbery!” Julie was aggravated. Even if she had bought that car in cash, it’d only amount to slightly over two million at best, so if they were to pay for the repair cost, several hundred thousand would be more than enough.
For her to demand ten million dollars as compensation was pure extortion, and most importantly, she was the one who was in the wrong, so why should they be the ones paying her?
“Cut the crap!” The red–haired lady shot them a glare. “You have only two options. One, you pay me; or two, I break your legs!”
“You! That’s just robbery!” Julie was exasperated.
“So what if I am?” She delivered a kick to Julie which sent her sprawling to the ground once again. “Keep running your mouth and see if I’ll kill you!”
“Stop it!” Dahlia stepped between them, hiding Julie behind her. “You lay another finger on her and you’ll pay dearly for it!” she roared.
The red–haired lady raised her hand and slapped Dahlia hard on the face. “Who do you think you are to speak to me like that?”
“You!” Dahlia held her red and swollen face in her hand, her expression livid. These people were downright barbaric!
“I’ll say this one last time, pay up, or you’ll be sorry!”
“We did nothing wrong! Why should we pay?” Dahlia argued.
“You’re not paying? Then I guess I’ll just slash your face up!” With a vicious smile, the red–haired lady continued, “It’d be a pity for you to lose your pretty little face! I’d like to see if you’d dare to show up in public again after I’m done with you.”
“Don’t you dare!” Dahlia’s expression froze.
“Try me!” With a wave of her hand, the red–haired lady called out to her friends, “Guys, hold her
still!”
“On it!” Her friends came forward with mean smiles on their faces as they pinned Dahlia to the
1/2
Chapté 595
hood of the car.
“I must say, you’ve got a perfect face!” The red–haired lady took out a pocket knife and began gently grazing it on Dahlia’s face. “But I do not like seeing things perfect, so I guess I’ll just have to ruin it!” And then she raised her hand and brought it down to Dahlia’s face quickly.
But before the knife came in contact with Dahlia’s face, a loud clang was heard as a silver needle flew through the air, accurately hitting the knife’s blade. A sharp pain shot through the red- haired lady’s hand, and the pocket knife she had in her hand clattered to the ground.
“Who’s there? Who did that?” She whipped her head around quickly with a dark expression.
“What gave you the guts to assault others in broad daylight?” A handsome man walked out from behind the car.
“Dustin?” Dahlia and Julie were both elated to see him. It was as though he was their savior, as they had yet to see him lose in a fight. When Dustin noticed Dahlia’s swollen cheeks, his
expression darkened and his gaze became sharp.
“Where did you come from? And why are you sticking your nose in other people’s business?” the red–haired lady asked hostilely.
“You wretched bitch! That man is the head of security for our company! You’re in deep trouble today!” Julie shouted haughtily now that Dustin was there.
“Hah! And here I was wondering who this rascal was. So it turns out that he’s nothing but a security guard?” The red–haired lady scoffed contemptuously.
“Looks like someone is trying to be the hero here to save the day now? Take a look in the mirror! If you know what’s good for you, you better get lost, or I’ll beat the crap out of you too!“
###Chapter 586 by Marina Vittori
The young men and women, who were with the red–haired lady, began clamoring, disregarding Dustin’s presence. “Get down on your knees and apologize, or I’ll break your arms and legs!” Dustin demanded coldly.
“My! cocky, aren’t you?” One of the men walked up to Dustin and poked him in the chest rudely, taunting him as he did so, “Do you know who we are, loser? How dare you act so arrogantly with us? I’ll-”
Before he could finish his sentence, he was struck with full force across the face. A loud slap
could be heard as he was sent flying through the air, crashing through a car window head–first. The top half of his body went right through the window and into the car, whereas the other half of his body dangled outside of the car.
“How dare you slap my friend? Do you have a death wish?” The lady with the red hair was infuriated by Dustin’s actions. In one swift motion, she launched herself toward Dustin at an unbelievable speed. When she got near, she threw a punch at Dustin with all her might, making a whooshing sound. She was obviously a trained martial artist.
Then, without even the slightest change in expression, Dustin grabbed her fist and gave it a firm tug. A loud cracking sound was heard, and her arm was instantly fractured. Shocked by what had happened, she stood there, frozen in place. It wasn’t until the pain hit her that she finally let out a blood–curdling shriek. But midway through her shriek, she was cut off by a hand grabbing at her throat.
“Since your parents didn’t raise you right, I’ll educate you on some manners today.” Without saying anything else, Dustin went ahead and gave her two hard slaps on the face. The lady with the red hair saw stars, and her nose bled from the impact.
“Y–you hit me? Do you even know who I am? I’m Maggie Doyle from the prestigious Doyle family!
“The red–haired lady glared fiercely at Dustin.
“The Doyle family?” Julie, who had been gloating over Maggie’s misfortune, immediately paled.
The Doyle family was one of the Fabulous Five and had deep roots in Millsburg. They also had
strong connections, making them incredibly powerful. With the level of influence the Doyle family possessed, Julie knew that none of them could afford to offend her.
“What?” Dahlia frowned slightly as her expression turned grave. No wonder she was acting so arrogantly! It was because she had the Doyle family backing her up! That made things difficult.
“We’re sorry, Miss Doyle! This is all just a misunderstanding. Please don’t be mad; we’ll pay you for your loss!” Julie immediately apologized to Maggie respectfully once she wrapped her head around the piece of information.
After she was done apologizing, she shouted at Dustin, “Hey Dustin! What are you doing? Let go of Miss Doyle right this instant!”
“Hahaha! So you’re scared now? I told you that you were going to regret it!” Maggie smirked sinisterly. “And you bastard, weren’t you all high and mighty just a while ago? Where’s your arrogant attitude now? You crossed a line when you placed your hands on me! You better get down
1/2
Chapter of
on your knees and apologize to us. And break your arms yourself, or I’ll see to it that you die such a horrible death that you regret the day you were born!”
“Quick, Dustin! Get on your knees and apologize! I do not want to be implicated!” Julie urged.
“Down on your knees!”
“Get down!”
“Go on, down on your knees!”
Maggie’s friends yelled at Dustin. They were already used to seeing such situations because, no matter who it was, as long as they found out Maggie’s identity, they would bend to her will. And that was a show of true power.
“On my knees, was it? Very well.” Dustin nodded. Then he grabbed a hold of Maggie, slamming her to the ground. With a dull thud, Maggie fell heavily to her knees. Instantly, her knees were a bloody mess of flesh, blood, and bones.
Everyone fell silent.
###Chapter 587 by Marina Vittori
“Ahhh!” Maggie, who had her kneecaps fractured, let out an ear– piercing scream. She fell flat on the ground and rolled around in pain.
“What?” Everyone was shocked by what they saw. None of them had expected Dustin to hurt Maggie, even after she revealed her identity. He truly showed her no mercy.
But she was the daughter of the great Doyle family! No matter where she went, people always tried their best to please her, and nobody dared cross her. It was beyond everyone’s comprehension that Dustin would actually break her kneecaps! It was insane!
“Are you out of your flipping mind, Dustin? Do you know what you’ve done?” After the initial shock wore off, Julie leaped to her feet, her face white as a sheet.
“You! How dare you hurt Miss Doyle? You’re done for! All of you!” “That’s right! The Doyles aren’t ever going to let you go! This is no longer about the money!”
Maggie’s friends clamored in fury. As scions of wealthy families, they were all used to bullying others; never the other way around. This rascal had bit off more than he could chew!
You arrogant, overbearing bullies. I’m just teaching you a lesson for bullying those weaker than you. If you’re not happy with it, come at me anytime,” Dustin said indifferently. This was not the first time he had crossed a Doyle. He had beaten Duncan Doyle up not too long ago, and it didn’t make much of a difference to him anymore to offend Maggie, who was also a Doyle.
“You’re a gutsy one, bastard! We’re not done with you!”
And with that, Maggie’s friends quickly helped her up and ran away. If even Maggie, who came from a family with a strong martial arts background, could not go against Dustin, they’d be done for if they challenged him.
“You–you–you! You’re a nutjob! You’ve put all of us in trouble now by messing with Miss Doyle!” Julie was terrified. Now that Maggie was in such a state, the Doyles were certainly not going to back off. And not only was Dustin going to be in trouble, but Julie would also be implicated. Influential and wealthy families like the Doyles were impossible to reason with once they decided
to seek revenge.
“Dustin! You were too impulsive!” Dahlia’s brows were tightly knitted, and her expression was dark. She had yet to make a name for herself in Millsburg, and things would only be more difficult for her now that they had offended such a powerful family as the Doyles.
“Don’t you worry. I’m not afraid of their retaliation.” Dustin was unbothered by their reactions.
“Hah! You say that now! The Doyles are such an influential and wealthy family! How can you
afford to get on their bad side?” Julie screamed at him.
“It’s true, I can’t. But some people can. I know some people in Millburg who can easily deal with this,” Dustin said calmly.
“You mean Natasha Harmon, don’t you?” Dahlia asked huffily, her words laced with sarcasm. Well, if you have her help, things might just work out fine. After all, you’re such lovebirds, aren’t you?”
1/2
Chacte 587
“What are you thinking, Dahlia? Do I look like such a boy toy who gets a woman to protect me?” Dustin rolled his eyes.
“Yes.”
“Yes!”
Both Dahlia and Julie exclaimed in unison. Dustin was left speechless. Why did everyone think that he was a boy toy? When, in fact, he had worked hard and honestly for all his accomplishments? Maybe he really shouldn’t have kept such a low profile all this time.
Just then, Julie’s phone rang. She picked it up, and soon after, her face fell. “What? You’ve found Terrence? Where is he? Sure. We’ll be there right away!”
“What is it?” Dahlia asked.
###Chapter 588 by Marina Vittori
“Mom just called me to say that someone spotted Terrence having a meal at Saffron Restaurant. She’s heading over with Aunt Florence and wants us to come along to catch the swindler too!”
Julie told Dahlia. “Terrence Stone? How dare that cheat show his face in public again?” Dahlia was furious. He had nearly made her family go bankrupt because of the issue with the abandoned building. In the end, it was Dustin who took one for the family and bought it over. Hence, she had nothing good to say about Terrence.
“Stop being idle, Dustin! Go, get a car! We need to make Terrence give back all the money he ripped us off!” Julie said resentfully.
“I’ve bought over the abandoned building, so neither of you made any losses. Why are you both so worked up?” Dustin couldn’t comprehend their anger.
“Hey! What do you mean? A con man like Terrence needs to be taught a lesson! We should act for
justice!” Julie declared righteously.
“Is that so?” Dustin smiled. He knew very well what was going on in Julie’s head. Her declaration of justice was bullshit. She was just peeved that she was scammed, so she wanted to get some
form of compensation from Terrence.
Taking a different car, the three of them hurried off to Saffron Restaurant.
Saffron Restaurant was a nice eatery with a good ambiance, excellent service, and exquisite food,
so it was only to be expected that a place like that would charge exorbitant prices.
Over in a private room at Saffron Restaurant, Terrence, who had dressed up flashily, was having a meal with the wrong kind of people.
“I’ve got good news for you, Terrence.” After having one too many drinks, a man with a rounded
face said, “I’ve heard from some official sources that the abandoned construction site will be
developed as a key project. Its value is rapidly increasing now!”
“What did you say? Key project?” Terrence was stunned by what he heard. “You’re not joking, are you, Richie? That place’s trash! Why would anyone invest money in developing it?”
“It’s true!” The man with the rounded face said, “My father works with the relevant department, and the information has been confirmed! There’s no mistaking that!”
“Didn’t you buy that plot of land where the abandoned construction is, Terrence?” Someone asked.
“That’s right! I recall that too! I could not understand why Terrence would buy that piece of land back then! In hindsight, I guess you already knew about it then, didn’t you?”
“You’re something else, Terrence! How could you predict where the developments would be? Do you have some sort of insider information?”
“Congratulations, Terrence! You’ve struck gold this time around! Don’t forget about us when you make it big!”
1/2
Chapter 588
Terrence’s friend flattered him and tried to court his favor.
Terrence, however, sat frozen where he was for a long time. Never had he dreamed that the abandoned construction site that nobody wanted anything to do with would suddenly transform into such a valuable piece of land overnight!
“What’s wrong, Terrence? Are you feeling alright?” Terrence’s friend asked.
“Hahaha! He must be having problems coming to terms with the fact that he’s going to be filthy rich!” Someone jested.
“Ri–Richie, how much does that abandoned building cost now?” Terrence asked tentatively.
“At least two billion!” Richie said.
“Two billion?” Terrence felt like he’d been struck by lightning, and he blanched.
Under everyone’s disbelieving gaze, Terrence gave himself two slaps on the face. “I–I’m the greatest idiot!” How could he have just sold off a plot of land worth two billion dollars? Was there anyone out there more dumb than him?
Just as everyone wondered what was wrong with Terrence, the door of the private room was kicked open with a loud bang. Then, Florence, Victoria, and a few others barged in through the door. And they were fuming.
“Terrence Stone! There you are!”
“Give me back my money! Give me all the money that you’ve swindled off me!”
###Chapter 589 by Marina Vittori
“You swindler! Give me back my money!” Florence began shouting aggressively the moment she entered. She had even gotten several stout and burly women to come along with her to back her up. 
“Why are you here?” A sudden feeling of guilt came over Terrence, and his expression changed. He had not expected them to barge in while he was having a meal.
“How are we going to catch the swindler if we didn’t come here personally?” Victoria shot him a glare.
“That’s right! How dare you enjoy dining in such a luxurious place after cheating us of our money? You’re utterly shameless!” Florence demanded with her hands on her hips.
“Who are these shrews, Terrence? Should we throw them out?” Terrence’s friends asked meanly. Terrence was about to be the wealthiest one among them, so they were all dying to suck up to him.
“No, that won’t be necessary. I know them.” An idea came to Terrence, and he quickly told his friends, “You guys head on back for now. I’ve got some personal matters to deal with. I’ll buy you all a meal some other day.” And with that, he urged his friends to leave the private room.
“I don’t give a damn about what tricks you have up your sleeves, Terrence. Give me my money now!
“Victoria was not about to back off any time soon.
“Victoria, let’s sit down and talk, shall we? Don’t get all worked up.” With a smile on his face, he poured everyone a cup of tea.
“Cut the crap, you swindler!” Not wishing to waste her time on him, Victoria knocked the cup of
tea over.
“I don’t think I follow, Victoria. When have I swindled you?” Terrence pretended not to understand
what she was going on about.
“Oh, so you’re still trying to deny what you’ve done?” Victoria shot daggers at him with her eyes.
“You’re playing the fool with us, are you? Here, I’ll help jog your memory. A week ago, you swindled us into purchasing the plot of land where the abandoned building was, for a total of a hundred million dollars. Do you remember now?” Florence’s piercing gaze bore into Terrence. That piece of land had nearly caused her to go bankrupt, and she still had recurring nightmares
about it.
“You’re both mistaken!” Terrence sighed and acted like he had been wronged. “About that piece of land, that was all because of my friend. I’m a victim just like you! I’d been cheated out of my
money too!”
“That’s rubbish! Do you think we’d buy that?” Victoria had a skeptical expression.
“She’s right! Why did you disappear for the past few days if you’re a victim too? We couldn’t find you, nor could we contact you. I’m sure that you’ve conspired against us together with your friend! “Florence shouted.
“I didn’t! I really am a victim too!” With the most miserable look he could manage, Terrence said, “I haven’t shown myself for the past few days because I was too ashamed to face you! Besides, I’ve
1/2
Chapter 588
Terrence’s friend flattered him and tried to court his favor.
Terrence, however, sat frozen where he was for a long time. Never had he dreamed that the abandoned construction site that nobody wanted anything to do with would suddenly transform into such a valuable piece of land overnight!
“What’s wrong, Terrence? Are you feeling alright?” Terrence’s friend asked.
“Hahaha! He must be having problems coming to terms with the fact that he’s going to be filthy rich!” Someone jested.
“Ri–Richie, how much does that abandoned building cost now?” Terrence asked tentatively.
“At least two billion!” Richie said.
“Two billion?” Terrence felt like he’d been struck by lightning, and he blanched.
Under everyone’s disbelieving gaze, Terrence gave himself two slaps on the face. “I–I’m the greatest idiot!” How could he have just sold off a plot of land worth two billion dollars? Was there anyone out there more dumb than him?
Just as everyone wondered what was wrong with Terrence, the door of the private room was kicked open with a loud bang. Then, Florence, Victoria, and a few others barged in through the door. And they were fuming.
“Terrence Stone! There you are!”
“Give me back my money! Give me all the money that you’ve swindled off me!”
“You swindler! Give me back my money!” Florence began shouting aggressively the moment she entered. She had even gotten several stout and burly women to come along with her to back her
up.
“Why are you here?” A sudden feeling of guilt came over Terrence, and his expression changed. He had not expected them to barge in while he was having a meal.
“How are we going to catch the swindler if we didn’t come here personally?” Victoria shot him a
glare.
“That’s right! How dare you enjoy dining in such a luxurious place after cheating us of our money? You’re utterly shameless!” Florence demanded with her hands on her hips.
“Who are these shrews, Terrence? Should we throw them out?” Terrence’s friends asked meanly.
Terrence was about to be the wealthiest one among them, so they were all dying to suck up to him.
“No, that won’t be necessary. I know them.” An idea came to Terrence, and he quickly told his friends, “You guys head on back for now. I’ve got some personal matters to deal with. I’ll buy you all a meal some other day.” And with that, he urged his friends to leave the private room.
“I don’t give a damn about what tricks you have up your sleeves, Terrence. Give me my money now!
“Victoria was not about to back off any time soon.
“Victoria, let’s sit down and talk, shall we? Don’t get all worked up.” With a smile on his face, he poured everyone a cup of tea.
“Cut the crap, you swindler!” Not wishing to waste her time on him, Victoria knocked the cup of
tea over.
“I don’t think I follow, Victoria. When have I swindled you?” Terrence pretended not to understand
what she was going on about.
“Oh, so you’re still trying to deny what you’ve done?” Victoria shot daggers at him with her eyes.
“You’re playing the fool with us, are you? Here, I’ll help jog your memory. A week ago, you swindled us into purchasing the plot of land where the abandoned building was, for a total of a hundred million dollars. Do you remember now?” Florence’s piercing gaze bore into Terrence. That piece of land had nearly caused her to go bankrupt, and she still had recurring nightmares
about it.
“You’re both mistaken!” Terrence sighed and acted like he had been wronged. “About that piece of land, that was all because of my friend. I’m a victim just like you! I’d been cheated out of my money too!”
“That’s rubbish! Do you think we’d buy that?” Victoria had a skeptical expression.
“She’s right! Why did you disappear for the past few days if you’re a victim too? We couldn’t find you, nor could we contact you. I’m sure that you’ve conspired against us together with your friend!
“Florence shouted.
“I didn’t! I really am a victim too!” With the most miserable look he could manage, Terrence said, “I haven’t shown myself for the past few days because I was too ashamed to face you! Besides, I’ve
1/2
Chapter 580
been trying to locate my friend to get him to pay back the money that he ripped off of you! I’ve been doing that for you!”
“You claim to be so righteous, but where’s our money?” Florence demanded. She wasn’t going to believe his big talk anymore. If he did not return their money, everything he said was as good as
trash.
“My friend has disappeared without a trace. I suspect that he has long since fled to another city.” Terrence sighed deeply.
“Hah! I knew you were going to say that!” Florence smiled sardonically.
“Although my friend has run off with your money, I’ll take full responsibility for the money you’ve lost!” He declared righteously with a resolute demeanor.
Everyone was taken aback by his words, and they all had an astonished expression on their faces. It was beyond their expectation that he would take responsibility for the matter, as they thought that he would deny everything.
“So, what you’re saying is that you’ll pay us our money?” Victoria asked tentatively.
“Of course!” Terrence nodded earnestly. “I may be a victim too, but at the end of the day, all of you were implicated only because of me, so I’ll pay you what you lost in full!”
“Well…” Florence and Victoria exchanged a sheepish glance. For a moment, neither of them knew how to react.
###Chapter 590 by Marina Vittori
Florence and Victoria came for Terrence to get their money back. In fact, they were prepared to resort to violence to get things done, ready to teach him a lesson the moment Terrence tried to pull anything funny. However, they had not foreseen that he would readily admit his mistakes and even humbly tell them that he would pay them for their loss. For a moment, both of them were unsure if he really was a swindler. Could it be possible that Terrence was indeed innocent?
“If you truly are a victim too, Terrence, where would you get the money to pay us back?” Florence was doubtful.
“Indeed, I do not have the money right now, but I can borrow some from people around me.” Terrence sighed before he continued, “I’ve got some connections here in Millsburg, and I have plenty of friends. Did you see those people who were here with me earlier on? I invited them here for a meal so that I could borrow some money from them to pay you your loss.”
Florence and Victoria were moved by his words. They were impressed by his resolution to pay them their money and even went as far as to borrow money from others. From the looks of things,
they had misunderstood him. “Have you gotten any money from them yet, Terrence?” Victoria mellowed down and asked cautiously.
“I have, and it’s just enough to cover your loss.” Terrence nodded. “Well, we’re not in a rush to get the money back. You can take your time. It’s good to see that you’re fine.” Victoria smiled sheepishly.
“Yes, that’s right! We were too impulsive and misunderstood you. Please don’t take it to heart.”
Florence quickly added. “Oh, it’s all my fault. I’m the one who’s brought you trouble. A man should make right what he’s done wrong. I’ll transfer you the money now.” Terrence took out his phone and was about to make the transaction.
“Hey! We’re all family! What’s the rush?” Florence smiled radiantly at him. “My bank account number is 622700030…”
“Wait a minute!” Terrence suddenly stopped midway through typing in his password and pretended as if he had just thought of something. I can give you your money back, but the ownership of the plot of land with the abandoned construction should be transferred back to me.”
“Why would you want that? It’s basically worthless, Victoria asked. “It’s not about how much it’s worth. Since I’m borrowing money from my friends, it only makes sense that I give them something as collateral, and I think that piece of land will work just fine.”
Terrence explained earnestly.
“I see…” Victoria nodded and continued, “But the ownership of that piece of land is no longer with us.”
“It’s not with you?” Terrence’s eyes widened. “Did you sell it?”
“That’s right!” Victoria grinned gleefully. “We sold that piece of land to a gullible person.”
“Who was it? Who was the one that bought it?” Terrence leaped out of his seat anxiously. Damn it!
1/2
Chapter 589
been trying to locate my friend to get him to pay back the money that he ripped off of you! I’ve been doing that for you!”
“You claim to be so righteous, but where’s our money?” Florence demanded. She wasn’t going to believe his big talk anymore. If he did not return their money, everything he said was as good as
trash.
“My friend has disappeared without a trace. I suspect that he has long since fled to another city.” Terrence sighed deeply.
“Hah! I knew you were going to say that!” Florence smiled sardonically.
“Although my friend has run off with your money, I’ll take full responsibility for the money you’ve
lost!” He declared righteously with a resolute demeanor.
Everyone was taken aback by his words, and they all had an astonished expression on their faces. It was beyond their expectation that he would take responsibility for the matter, as they thought that he would deny everything.
“So, what you’re saying is that you’ll pay us our money?” Victoria asked tentatively.
“Of course!” Terrence nodded earnestly. “I may be a victim too, but at the end of the day, all of you were implicated only because of me, so I’ll pay you what you lost in full!”
Well. Florence and Victoria exchanged a sheepish glance. For a moment, neither of them knew how to react.
###Chapter 591 by Marina Vittori
“Speak of the devil! The simpleton is here!” Florence had barely finished her sentence when a group of three came in through the doors of Saffron Restaurant. It was none other than Dustin, Dahlia, and Julie.
“Terrence Stone!” Julie’s eyes swept the place once she entered. She quickly spotted Terrence in the private room and stormed over angrily.
“Julie, hear me out!” Terrence was just about to explain himself with an awkward smile on his face when, without any prior warning, Julie slapped him across the face. Caught off guard, he cupped his cheek with his hand, unable to react.
“Why are you being so aggressive, Julie?” Victoria reprimanded her immediately.
“Why are you defending him, Mom? Did he not deserve that?” Beside herself with anger, Julie saw nothing wrong with her actions. He deserved that slap very much for cheating her money and taking advantage of her feelings for him.
“You’re mistaken! Terrence isn’t a swindler!” Victoria swiftly pulled Julie aside.
“He’s not a swindler? Well, if he isn’t a swindler, are you implying that I’m the liar? Has something gotten into you, Mom? Why are you defending him? Julie’s fury was unabated.
“Don’t jump to conclusions. Listen to me, I’ll tell you everything…” Without any room for hesitation, Victoria explained to Julie in detail everything that Terrence had told them earlier. She made the whole thing sound so reasonable and made Terrence out to be the most considerate person, convincing Julie with her genuine and sincere words. When paired with Terrence’s miserable expression, Julie could not help but be convinced.
“What? So Terrence is innocent? I was wrong in hitting him, then?” Julie was convinced by the story that Victoria told her and quickly realized that she was wrong.
“Exactly! You acted too impulsively. Quick, apologize to Terrence!” Victoria instructed her.
“I’m sorry, Terrence; I didn’t mean to do that. Does it still hurt? Here, I’ll rub the pain away.” Julie’s attitude took a 180–degree turn, and she apologized gently.
“Don’t worry about it. I was the one who did not tell you the full story, that’s why you thought I
was a swindler.” Terrence forced a smile.
“You should have told me earlier how things were We can always face problems together. It hurts
me to see you in such turmoil,” Julie said emotionally as she clasped Terrence’s hand in her own.
Dustin was left speechless when he saw how lovey–dovey they were acting. Were these people dimwits? How could they be fooled by Terrence with just a few words? Too ashamed to meet them? Went around borrowing money from others just to pay them back? How could anyone buy such garbage?
Dustin thought, “No wonder they were swindled.”
How else would Terrence be able to trick them if it weren’t for them being such foolish people? At the thought of that, Dustin took a glance at Dahlia beside him and noticed that she had a doubtful and wary expression. It seemed like she did not believe a single word Terrence said.
1/2
“Alright, alright. Now that we have got everything straight, we’re all still family,” Victoria said. Joyfully. She was pleased with Terrence as a person. He was a promising young man who was very considerate. She deemed him a good catch for her daughter.
“Ah, right. Terrence suddenly turned to Dustin. “Dustin, I heard from Victoria that they sold the abandoned construction site to you. Is that true?”
“It is What about it?” Dustin did nothing to hide the fact that he’d bought the land.
“That’s great.” Terrence heaved a sigh of relief. Then, with a smile on his face, he said, “I don’t like taking advantage of others. Since I was the one who brought this problem upon all of you, I can’t continue to let you bear the loss. I’ll purchase the piece of land from you at the original price that you bought it for.”
“You’ll purchase it?” Julie’s face fell when she heard that. In a hushed tone, she whispered, ” Terrence, have you lost your mind? It wasn’t easy selling off that trashy piece of land! Why are you even buying it back? Why would you bring such loss upon yourself?”
“You shouldn’t say that, Julie!” Terrence put on a righteous facade. “Dustin is my friend. Since something as bad as this has happened, we cannot take advantage of him! We must be righteous and hold fast to our principles!”
“But-” Julie was about to retort, but Terrence waved her off. “Say no more. A real man must stand up for his actions. We should not lose our principles just for a little benefit!”
With Terrence’s little righteous speech, almost everyone looked at him with admiration. Especially Julie, who looked at him like he had a halo over his head.
###Chapter 592 by Marina Vittori
That was the mannerism of a true gentleman! At that moment, Terrence appeared heroic. “You’re in luck, Dustin! What are you waiting for? Why aren’t you thanking Terrence? He decided to buy that rubbish off your hands!” Julie announced proudly.
“There’s no need for that. We’re all friends. I can’t bear to see you suffer such a loss. Just give me the ownership of that piece of land, and we’ve got a deal,” Terrence said with an amiable smile. “When did I agree to the deal?” Dustin asked.
“What?” Terrence thought that he had heard Dustin wrong. He never thought that he would be rejected. Julie and the rest of them were astonished too. Unable to comprehend what was going on in Dustin’s head, they assumed that he had lost his marbles. After all, who would turn down money and choose to hold on to a piece of trash?
“Dustin, did you not hear what I said? The abandoned construction site is worth nothing, and you have no use for it! Why don’t you just sell it to me?” Terrence tried to talk some sense into Dustin.
“Why do you want it if it’s worth nothing?” Dustin countered.
“I’m doing this for your sake, of course!” Terrence said with all earnestness. “The reason all this happened was because of me. I trusted someone who I should not have trusted, but I should not have pulled you all into it. Therefore, I shall bear full responsibility for this at all costs!”
“Oh, how nice.” Dustin smiled faintly. “I thank you for your thoughtful gesture, but no thanks. I’m not selling it.” “Why not?” Terrence could not believe his ears.
“Because we’re friends. Just as you do not wish to take advantage of me, I refuse to do the same!”
“That’s all right; I do not mind bearing the loss.”
“But I do. So, forget about it.”
“No! We cannot forget about it! If you think that my offer isn’t enough, I can add a bit more to the original price that you bought it for!”
“This is not about money. It’s about principles. You said it yourself, we must be righteous and stay
true to our principles.”
“You!” Terrence was a hair’s breadth away from losing his composure. Damn it! Why was the idiot so stubborn? He had said everything he could to convince him to sell the piece of land, but nothing seemed to work. Exasperated, Terrence was left speechless.
“Alright, it’s getting late. I have some things to handle back at the company, so I’ll be taking my leave with Dahlia now. You guys carry on.” Dustin could not be bothered to converse with them any longer, so he exchanged a look with Dahlia, and they got out of the restaurant as fast as they
could.
“Hey, Dustin! You…” Refusing to let Dustin go just like that, Terrence was about to give chase but was held back by Julie. “Terrence, you cannot be too kind. Since that idiot turned you down, let’s not push it. Why would you give him money when he doesn’t even appreciate it?”
1/2
Chapter 592
“Exactly! We all saw how sincere you were. He was the one who rejected your kindness. Don’t be too hard on yourself,” Victoria echoed. In her eyes, Terrence was every bit of the perfect son–in- law. His only drawback was that he was too righteous, which made him an easy target for others.
to take advantage of.
“If you’re still feeling bad about it, Terrence, why don’t you use the money and buy me some branded handbags?” Julie asked coquettishly.
“Handbags? Fuck you and your handbags!” Terrence finally flipped and shoved her aside. “Do you know that I’ve just lost two billion dollars?”
“Two billion dollars? What do you mean?” Shocked, Julie could not make heads or tails of
Terrence’s words.
“Truth be told, the land with the abandoned construction has been officially listed as the prime location for a key development. Its value has now gone up to two billion dollars! I’d given you wealth beyond measure when I sold you that plot of land. But look what you’ve done! You gave Dustin Rhys the perfect opportunity to get filthy rich! I can’t believe how stupid you all are!” Terrence roared frustratedly, growling almost. He was so close to ripping his hair out of vexation.
“Key development?”
“Two billion?”
“Immeasurable wealth?”
“Quick! Go after him!”
After a momentary stun, it finally dawned on Julie and the rest of them how big of a loss they had made. Without a moment to spare, they immediately rushed out of the restaurant. But Dustin was no longer anywhere to be seen.
###Chapter 593 by Marina Vittori
On the way back, Dustin could tell that Dahlia had questions for him but was battling herself against questioning him. He smiled to himself at her curiosity and decided to give her an opening. “Shoot away if you’ve got any questions. There’s no need to hold them in.”
“I do not understand why you turned down Terrence’s offer to purchase the site of the abandoned building!” Dahlia blurted out.
“Everyone knows that it’s worthless now, so there’s no point holding onto it. You would have been better off selling it and recovering your loss!” Though she had promised and was determined to not concern herself with Dustin’s business anymore, she still could not help but feel bad that he had missed out on a good opportunity to make up for the loss he had made.
“Well, why would Terrence want to buy that piece of land when everyone knows that it’s worthless?” Dustin asked.
“Didn’t he just say that he doesn’t want to take advantage of you because you’re friends?” Dahlia retorted.
“Haha! Do you really think that Terrence would be so kind?” Dustin smiled meaningfully. “If he is
as righteous and responsible as he claims to be, he would not have disappeared without a trace for
the past few days.
“Well…” Dahlia’s brows knitted together as she fell deep into thought. It was true that she had her
doubts about Terrence’s integrity. But after seeing how sincere he appeared, even offering to buy back the abandoned construction site, she wavered and started to believe his words.
“Let me tell you the truth. The reason Terrence offered to buy the plot of land was not because of
his conscience or his righteousness. It was only because he knew that its value had skyrocketed.
Dustin chuckled.
“Skyrocket? The abandoned construction site has been sitting there for almost a decade, and
nobody wanted anything to do with it. How could it possibly increase in value?” Dahlia wondered
aloud.
“Nothing is impossible, Dahlia. Haven’t I told you that that plot of land has officially been listed as
an area for a key development? Terrence must have received some news about it that caused him
to change his mind. Do you really think that he’d be so kind?” Dustin had a faint smile on his face.
“How much is that piece of land worth now?” Dahlia asked tentatively.
“Two billion dollars at least. And that’s a conservative estimation.” Dustin dropped a bombshell.
“Two billion?” Dahlia’s eyes went as wide as saucers. It was bewildering to think that a piece of land could go from absolutely worthless to worth two billion dollars overnight. She had toiled hard for years on end, and in the end, she had not even made as much as Dustin did in a single day. His uncanny luck was infuriating, to say the least.
All of a sudden, Dustin’s phone rang. He pulled it out to see that the call was from Florence. He paused and gave it some thought before answering the call and putting it on speaker mode.
“Hey Dustin, where are you? There’s something I’d like to talk to you about.” An unbelievably kind
1/2
599
and gentle voice came through the speakers. Dahlia felt her skin crawl at how cloyingly sweet her mother sounded. When has she ever been so soft–spoken?
“We’re on the way back to the office, Florence. Is anything the matter? You can just tell me through the phone,” Dustin said.
Clearing her throat, Florence asked awkwardly, “Well, here’s the thing. I’d like to buy back the abandoned construction site. Would that be possible?”
“Why would you want to spend your money on something so worthless? You’ll clearly be making a
loss. A hint of humor could be heard in Dustin’s tone.
“So be it. As your ex–mother–in–law, I cannot watch you suffer the loss and do nothing about it.
Better me than you to take the loss.”
“It’s not a big deal for me. I’ve still got some disposable income. I’ll survive.”
“That wouldn’t do! I’m a person who stands firm in and upholds my moral values! I’ve been losing sleep over selling it to you at a high price. I feel like I’ve cheated you out of your money. I feel so bad for that, so I have a mind to buy it back to atone for my mistake.”
“That really won’t be necessary. After all, you mortgaged your house to get the money. If you lose that, you won’t even have a roof over your head! That’d be terrible!”
###Chapter 594 by Marina Vittori
“That’s alright, I can move into a smaller house. You, youngsters, are way too stressed out these days. As an elder, it’s only right for me to help you out however I can.”
“I’m not stressed out. Life is as breezy as it can get for me.”
Dustin and Florence bantered back and forth through the phone, neither of them coming clean with the truth. Since Florence took him as an idiot, Dustin gladly went along with the act and pretended to not know any better.
It was Dahlia, however, who found the conversation unbearable. She now fully believed what Dustin had told her. Her mother would not be so nice to Dustin otherwise. What she said about atoning for her wrongdoings and relieving Dustin of his burdens was all bullshit!
Florence had been grinning from ear to ear when she managed to scam Dustin into buying that piece of land! Now that she knew she had made a loss by selling it, she chose to put on a righteous and upright facade to buy it back instead of being honest with Dustin. She was despicable and
greedy!
“Hey! Why are you so stubborn? I’m only doing this for your good, so hurry up and sell me that piece of land!” As the conversation progressed, Florence began to lose her patience. Had it not been for the money, she would never have wasted so much effort coaxing him gently, and would immediately start shouting and cursing at him instead.
“Florence, why are you in such a hurry to purchase the abandoned construction site?” Dustin pressed. This was Florence’s last chance to come clean. If she told him the truth, he would willingly let her have a share of the profit.
“Have I not made myself clear yet? I can’t bear to see you lose money! I’d rather bear the burden myself!” Florence stubbornly refused to spill the truth.
“That’s enough, Mom!” Dahlia finally could take it no more. “Are you still going to keep on cheating people out of their money?”
“Hey, what’s that supposed to mean? When have I cheated others of their money?” Florence raised
her voice.
“Dustin already knows the truth. That piece of land is worth at least two billion dollars! You’ll never be able to buy it back at the original price!” Dahlia exclaimed.
“What?” All was quiet for a while before Florence said sheepishly, “Oh, so you already knew? Why didn’t you tell me earlier?”
“Florence, I’ve already reminded you repeatedly since a week ago! It was you who refused to
believe me,” Dustin retorted calmly.
“Oh, look how forgetful I am. I think my age is catching up on me!” Florence exclaimed regretfully. “Dustin, I was wrong. I’ll listen to all your advice from now on. Can you please sell the piece of land to me?”
“Had you shown just the slightest bit of honesty earlier on and did not intend to trick me out of my money, I’d have readily shared a part of what I profited from it with you. But your actions have
7/2
truly disappointed me, so I will not be selling it to you,” Dustin told her truthfully.
“You’re not selling it?” Florence’s voice raised an octave when she heard what Dustin said. “That belongs to me! What right have you got to not sell it to me?“
“The ownership of the land belongs to me. I can handle it however I please,” Dustin said matter–of-
factly.
“I don’t care! You better give me back what belongs to me, or I’ll make you regret it!” Florence threatened menacingly. Just a few minutes ago, she had spoken so gently and kindly, but now her
true colors showed
“Behaving like this won’t get you anything,” Dustin said.
“You–you bastard! You vile, shameless scumbag! I’ll sue you! I’ll sue you for swindling me of my money! You-” Florence spewed a torrent of curses through the phone with no care in the world.
But she was cut off when Dahlia ended the call. How aggravating! She was the one who bore bad intentions, and she had the gall to berate Dustin? Utterly unreasonable! As Florence’s daughter,
Dahlia felt ashamed of her actions,
###Chapter 595 by Marina Vittori
James was happily engrossed in a game of Taxus Poker at an illegal casino that evening. Beside him sat a young lady with short hair who was dressed in revealing attire. Judging from the casino chips on the table, it looked like they had been winning a lot.
“I have a pair of Queens. Show your hand!” A man with a hooked nose who sat opposite James revealed his hand “You dare challenge me with just à pair of Queens? Keep your eyes open, buddy. I’ve got Three of a Kind James grinned, flipping his cards over to show a pair of sixes. Since there was a six in one of the five community cards, they made a set of three sixes, also known as three of a kind.
The rules of Taxus Poker are simple. There were five community cards, and each player was dealt two hole cards. These can then be combined in any way to form the best five–card hand. The highest–ranking hand is a Royal Flush, followed by Four of a Kind, Full House, Flush, Three of a Kind, Two Pair, One Pair, and finally, a High Card.
*James, you’ve won again! You’re amazing!” The lady with short hair cheered excitedly, admiration evident in her eyes.
Hahaha! Well, luck isn’t the only factor in a game of Taxus Poker. It’s a matter of skill too. I can
see through all his tricks! There’s no way I’d lose to him!” James bragged gleefully.
“I say, based on your chips, you’ve probably won at least a million dollars, haven’t you, James?”
The young lady asked as her eyes shone brightly.
“More or less. Here, this is for you.” James pressed a chip worth 20 thousand dollars into her hand
with a chuckle.
“Thank you, James!” The young lady flashed him a radiant smile before planting a kiss on his
cheek
“Come on, let’s go enjoy ourselves!” James reached out to hook an arm around the lady’s neck. He was happy with how much he’d won and was ready to leave to enjoy the rest of the night.
“You have a winning streak tonight, James. Why don’t you play some more while you’re winning?
It’s a good opportunity for you to make some more money while Lady Luck is on your side!” The young lady did not seem to want to leave yet.
“Oi, rascal! Are you running off after winning just so little? What a loser! Would you dare play another game with me?” The man with the hooked nose who sat opposite James taunted.
“This is a golden opportunity, James. Think of all the money you can win off of him. You shouldn’t miss the chance!” The young lady persuaded him in a hushed whisper.
“You’ve got a point there.” James nodded and looked at the man with a smirk. “It looks like you enjoy losing money. I’ll see to it that you walk out without a single cent today! Deal the cards!” With a wave of his hand, another round commenced.
Half an hour later.
“Oops, a Straight. I think I’ve won again.” The man opposite James showed his hand, revealing a set of Straight.
1/2
Change pok
“Damn it! I lost again!” Losing his temper, James threw the pair of Kings in his hand on the table. With beads of sweat on his forehead and red, bloodshot eyes, he looked irritated.
Just half an hour ago, he had been basking in the joy of winning continuously, making himself more than a million dollars without breaking a sweat. But now, it seemed as though Lady Luck had frowned on him, and he had lost everything that he had won earlier in the evening. What
terrible luck!
“Again!” Unwilling to accept defeat, James gestured for the dealer to start a new round.
“You’re out of chips, James.” The young lady reminded him.
“What?” James looked down at the table to see that he had indeed run out of chips.
“Hahaha! Is that all you’ve got? What a cheapo!” The man with the hooked nose ridiculed James, Get lost then if you haven’t got any more money. Quit making an embarrassment of yourself here!”
“The fuck did you just say?” James slammed his hands on the table as he bolted straight up in his seat, fury written on his face.
“What? Did I say anything wrong? Don’t act like you’re a big shot if you don’t have the money, loser! ” Then, with a contemptuous expression, he called out to the young lady, “Hey, hot stuff, what are you doing with a loser like that? Why don’t you join me instead? I’ll make sure you have the best of
everything!”
“You-!” James was so vexed that he ground his teeth together. But there was nothing much he
could do.
“James, I heard that they allow players to borrow money from them here. Do you want to give it a try?” The young lady asked.
“Let’s do it! I’ll win back everything I lost tonight!” James roared. He could never look past the other man’s taunts. Especially not in front of a woman he fancied.
“Sure. I’ll get it done immediately.” With a quick nod, the young lady got up and left. Not long later, she came back with two million dollars worth of chips and a promissory note.
###Chapter 596 by Marina Vittori
Without even looking at what was typed out on the promissory note, James proceeded to sign it and immediately joined the next round of the game. But in less than 15 minutes, he lost all two billion dollars worth of chips again.
“We’re out of chips again, James‘ Should we borrow more? The young lady asked once again.
“Yes! Get as much as you can! James growled. At that moment, he had completely lost control of his senses, his actions only driven by the relentless desire to win back what he lost and make the man with the hooked nose regret what he said.
Two hours later, James was drenched in sweat and panting uncontrollably, his eyes were bloodshot. His expression was somewhat horrifying
“Sorry man, Three of a Kind and One Pair. That makes a Full House. You’ve lost again. “The man opposite him showed his hand and smiled meanly.
“Go! Borrow some more! I refuse to believe that I’ll keep losing today! James shouted.
“You’ve already lost too much, James. They refuse to lend you anymore,” The young lady answered
“They’re not lending me anymore? Why not? Do they think that I can’t afford to pay them back? I’ll have you know that my sister is the chairperson of Nicholson Corp.! She has assets worth over a hundred billion dollars! James declared proudly,
“Hey, buddy, my boss would like to speak with you.” Out of nowhere, a calloused hand rested on
James‘ shoulder from behind.
“Who the hell is touching me? James whipped around immediately. Just as he was about to start acting aggressively, he froze. Behind him stood several insanely buff men who were wearing suits and looked like they were henchmen, staring at him.
“What do you want?” James put on a calm facade.
“You borrowed quite a huge sum of money throughout the night. My boss would like to talk to you about your payment. Come with us.” As the leader of the group of henchmen spoke, he inconspicuously flashed the gun fastened to his belt. James‘ eyes widened. As he dared not go against their wishes, he had no choice but to follow them upstairs to the VIP room
Over in the VIP room, there was a paunchy man with a cigar perched on his lips and one ankle resting lazily over a knee.
“He’s here, Mr. Doyle.” Two henchmen pushed James into the room and locked the door from outside. James gulped dryly when he saw the room full of menacing and fierce henchmen. His anxiety was unconcealable.
“Do you know who I am?” The paunchy man asked before taking a long swig of his cigar and slowly exhaling, releasing a puff of smoke.
“You look very familiar, Sir. Have we met? James asked cautiously.
“I’m Doyle. Duncan Doyle,” The man said.
“Duncan Doyle? From the prestigious Doyle family?” James was astonished.
“It’s good that you know me. Now, let’s talk about my money. So, you borrowed a total of 38 million dollars tonight. How are you going to pay it back?” As Duncan spoke, he slapped a thick stack of promissory notes on the table. Every piece of it had James‘ signature on it.
“38 million? That much?” James could not believe his ears and quickly flipped through the notes to check. By then, he was already thoroughly drenched in sweat. “M–Mr. Doyle, these notes prove that I’ve only borrowed 30 million. Where did the extra 8 million come from?” James asked
miserably.
“Why would I be lending out money if not for the interest?” Duncan asked frostily.
“B–but isn’t the interest too high?” James asked warily.
“Cut the crap! You either pay me what you owe or I’ll chop your limbs off!” Duncan glared at him.
“N–no, don’t! I’ll pay!” James was flustered by the situation he was in. “Can you please give me a few more days to pay up, Mr. Doyle? I promise I’ll pay you in full.”
“No! You are to pay me tonight. Where am I going to find you if you escape?” Duncan demanded.
“But how am I supposed to produce this much money in one night?” James cowered in fear.
“Didn’t you say that your sister is the chairperson of Nicholson Corp.? Several million dollars are
considered peanuts to her!” Duncan smirked sinisterly.
“What?” James froze up for a while before he continued sheepishly, “Mr. Doyle, knowing my
sister, she will most likely refuse to pay my debts.
She usually helped him out of most of the trouble he got himself into, but once they had anything to do with gambling or drugs, it was the end of the discussion.
“Don’t worry. I’ll help you.” Duncan smiled venomously.
“Help me? How will you help me?” James was taken aback by Duncan’s offer to help. But Duncan did not give him a straightforward reply. Instead, he simply gestured to his henchmen and took an axe that they handed him. As James watched on with terror in his eyes, Duncan swung the axe down in the direction of his wrist.
###Chapter 597 by Marina Vittori
In the president’s office at Nicholson Corp, Dahlia took a sip of coffee and continued immersing. herself in work. Although Hank didn’t show it, he was facing all sorts of obstacles in private. He pushed every matter to her, regardless of whether it was big or small, which caused her to be so busy that she had to work overtime every day till midnight.
“Ms. Nicholson….” Right then, a young female assistant knocked on the door all of a sudden. “What is it?” Dahlia looked up at her. Because Julie wasn’t a very reliable secretary, she hired another assistant, Kelly Porch, to share the workload.
“Ms. Nicholson, someone sent you a parcel and asked me to pass it to you directly. The person mentioned that it’s a surprise,” Kelly said, holding a gift box.
“Okay, put it on the desk.” Dahlia nodded, then a thought struck her. “Kelly, it’s getting late. You
should head home first. You don’t have to wait for me.”
“Okay, Ms. Nicholson.” Kelly turned around and left.
Dahlia rubbed her eyes and finally finished her work. She turned her gaze to the gift box and decided to open it. However, the moment she opened it, she was so frightened that her face went deathly pale. What lay inside the gift box was a bloody hand! It was very obvious that the hand had just been cut off not long ago because the blood had not clotted yet. It was a very shocking sight.
While she was still in shock, her phone suddenly rang. When she answered it, she immediately heard Duncan’s voice. “Ms. Nicholson, you must have already received my gift.”
“Who are you?” Dahlia’s expression went cold.
“Who I am is not important. What’s important is that your brother owes me 38 million dollars, and you have to repay his debt,” Duncan said plainly.
“Why should I believe you?” Dahlia frowned.
“You don’t believe me? Then listen for yourself.” Duncan said.
“Dahlia! Save me! Hurry up and save me! They cut my hand off!” James shouted, his voice full of fear and misery.
“James! What’s going on? Why would you owe someone money?” Dahlia hurriedly demanded.
“Dahlia! This isn’t the time to ask these questions. Hurry up and come here with the money, or I’m going to die!” James sobbed over the phone.
“Ms. Nicholson, did you hear that? Bring me the money in exchange for him. Otherwise, I don’t know what other extreme things I’ll do to your brother.” Duncan threatened.
“Don’t do anything! You just want money, don’t you? I’ll give it to you!” said Dahlia in panic.
“Okay, then I’ll be awaiting your grand arrival,” Duncan said with a laugh.
After hanging up, Dahlia dared not waste another second and, without hesitation, immediately rushed to the casino. She couldn’t just sit around and do nothing when her brother was in danger. While driving, she called Dustin, but he didn’t pick up. She had no choice but to send him a text
1/2
along with the address
20 minutes later, Dahlia arrived at the underground casino. After she told someone her name, at gangster led her to a VIP room on the second floor. A bunch of violent–looking gangsters were standing around inside the room.
James was kneeling on the floor and trembling, his face streaked with tears and snot. Someone. had simply bandaged the stub of his arm where his hand should be, temporarily stopping the bleeding “Sis‘ You’re finally here!” When James saw Dahlia walk in, he immediately wept tears of joy as if he saw his savior
“How dare you! Who taught you to gamble?” Dahlia slapped James across the face. She knew that her brother liked to gamble. She had always warned him against it in all sorts of ways and had even given him a beating before. She had thought that he would have changed his ways, but who would have thought that he would get himself into more serious trouble now.
“Ms. Nicholson, I won’t meddle with you disciplining your brother, but you must give me the money first,” Duncan said with a cigar between his lips.
“It’s you?” The moment Dahlia saw him, she immediately remembered something. She quickly realized that she had seen Duncan before. Previously, when she was eating at a restaurant, he had led a gang of people to look for trouble with Dustin but had gotten beaten up instead.
“That’s right. It’s me. Now, can you give me the money?” Duncan said with a mirthless smile.
“This is a bank check for 38 million dollars, not a penny less.” Dahlia placed a check on the table.
“I don’t want a check. I want the payment in cash,” Duncan said with a shake of his head.
###Chapter 598 by Marina Vittori
“Cash?” Dahlia frowned and said, “Where will I get so much cash at such short notice? “That’s for you to figure out. We only accept cash here,” Duncan said casually.
“You’re just making things difficult for me on purpose!” Dahlia’s expression was icy. She would probably need a truck to transport 38 million dollars worth of cash.
“Ms. Nicholson, mind your words, Does your brother still want to keep his other hand?” Duncan swept his gaze toward James.
“You!” Dahlia gritted her teeth and managed to control herself. “Can you give me two days? I’ll bring you the cash as fast as I can.”
“I wouldn’t say no, but you have to have a few drinks with me first.” Duncan stood up slowly and took two glasses out from the drinks cabinet. He filled them with whisky and handed one to Dahlia. “Drink this, and I’ll consider giving you two days.”
“What?” Looking at the glass full of whisky, Dahlia couldn’t help but frown slightly. Duncan obviously didn’t have good intentions. She didn’t know if she could still leave that place after she
drank it.
“You refuse? Then you’re just disrespecting me.” Duncan’s smile disappeared slowly as he said, It’s only right for one to repay their debt if they owe money. If they can’t, then I have no choice but to cut their limbs off. Guys, chop James‘ other hand off!”
“Yes, sir!” Two gangsters laughed evilly and immediately pressed James against the floor.
“No! Don’t chop my hand off!” James was scared out of his wits as he begged for mercy. “Dahlia! Save me! Save me, quick! I’m your brother! I don’t want to become handicapped. I’m begging you. Hurry up and drink the whisky!”
“Chop it off!” Duncan shouted.
“Wait!” Just as the ax was about to strike, Dahlia shouted hastily, “I’ll drink!”
“Haha, that’s more like it … Drink up,” Duncan said with a sly smile.
Dahlia took a deep breath, picked up the glass, and downed the whiskey in one go. Even though. she knew that something was wrong with it, she had no choice but to drink it because her brother’s life was in Duncan’s hands. Now, she could only pray that she would hold up.
“Nice! You really are an impressive woman. Come on, let’s have another drink!” Duncan filled her glass again. Dahlia frowned deeply, and she hesitated for a moment. But she still finished the glass of whisky. After downing two glasses, she felt lightheaded quickly and felt herself burning
up.
“Shit!” Dahlia thought. Knowing something was off, she tried to fight the feeling and force herself out the door. However, before she could take more than two steps, her vision went black, and she
fainted on the floor.
“Hehe… I’ll see how you try to run away from me,” Duncan said while stroking his chin, his expression perverted.
1/2
Chappe SNE
“Mr. Doyle, wasn’t our deal just about money? How could you break your promise?” As he
witnessed his sister get drugged, James immediately panicked. Even a fool would know what was going to happen next.
“What’s the matter? You want to avenge your sister?” Duncan laughed wickedly. “Sure, if you chop off your other hand, then I’ll let your sister go. How does that sound?”
“I.. James‘ expression stiffened, and he immediately hung his head. His gaze flitted around as he dared not look at Dahlia, who was lying out cold on the floor.
“A coward, just as I thought. Get lost!” Duncan shouted, and he kicked James to the floor.
“Okay, okay, okay. I’ll get lost right away.” James looked as if he had just been spared a gruesome death. He dared not hesitate and scrambled out of the room instantly. His pathetic behavior made the whole gang laugh loudly.
“Okay, you guys get out too. Don’t disturb me.” Duncan waved his hand and dismissed his lackeys from the room. Then, a thought struck him, and he fished out Dahlia’s phone. He called Dustin and said, “Hey, Rhys! Do you know who I am? That’s right, it’s me, Duncan Doyle! Your woman is in my bed right now. I’ll show her a good time tonight.”
The moment he finished speaking, a loud bang sounded as someone kicked the door open. Then, a figure with a cold expression came into sight. “You’ll show who a good time?”
###Chapter 599 by Marina Vittori
Dustin stepped through the door, his gaze terrifyingly cold. From the moment he saw Dahlia’s text, he knew something was wrong, so he rushed here as fast as he could “W–what are you doing here?!” Duncan’s eyes widened, and he staggered backward in fear.
“Didn’t you call me to ask me to come over? Well, now I’m here. What are you going to do?” Dustin began approaching him.
“Someone, come quick!” Duncan screamed. However, strangely enough, no one outside responded. It was as though those men stationed outside had disappeared into thin air.
“Where the fuck are you all? Hello?!” Duncan continued hollering But no matter how much he yelled, there was no response.
“I warned you before not to cross me again. Or else, you’ll die a miserable death. What, did you think I was bullshitting you?” Dustin was getting closer and closer.
“Rhys, you’re on my territory. I’m warning you to not come any closer, or you won’t step out of this place ever again!” Duncan shouted, putting on a fierce front.
“Tell me, how do you want to die?” Dustin asked coldly.
“Take another step, and I’ll blow your brains out!” At that moment, Duncan suddenly took a gun from the drawer and pointed it right at Dustin’s head. Now that Duncan had a weapon with him, he believed that he had the upper hand.
“Really? You can try.” Dustin continued to approach Duncan without a hint of fear.
“You’re fucking asking for it!” Duncan pulled the trigger without a second thought.
“Bang!” There was the sound of a shot being fired. Yet, Dustin was still standing in the same spot and did not move a single inch.
He was completely unharmed from head to toe.
“I missed?” Duncan frowned. He pulled the trigger two more times. Yet, it was the same as before. However, Dustin still looked unruffled and unhurt in the slightest.
“Fuck, I refuse to believe that I can’t kill you!” Duncan clenched his jaw and began to shoot madly until there were no more bullets left.
“Bang, bang, bang!” After a series of gunshots, Dustin was still standing in the same spot. His body was uninjured; heck, even his clothes weren’t damaged.
“Is this guy a ghost?” Duncan was so scared that cold sweat began to pour from his temples.
At this distance, there was no way Duncan would miss, even if he closed his eyes. Yet, he’d fired over a dozen bullets, but he didn’t so much as leave a scratch on Dustin. It was absolutely insane.
“Were you trying to kill me with these things?” Dustin slowly opened his fist to reveal a handful of
1/2
misshapen bullets in his palm.
“H–how did you do that?” Duncan’s expression turned into one of horror.
Could it be that his opponent had caught all the bullets that he’d shot earlier with his bare hand? Was he even fucking human?!
“Do you want to know? I’ll tell you once you’re dead With that, Dustin kicked Duncan in the
stomach
Duncan flew backward like a bullet leaving the barrel. He slammed into the wall harshly, leaving a spider crack on the wall. Blood spurted from his nose and mouth on impact.
“1-1 am a member of the Doyle family, one of the fabulous five! If you dare lay a hand on me, my family will never forgive you!” Duncan threatened, his face twisting into a ferocious snarl.
Dustin hummed before giving him another kick in the chest. There was the sound of bones cracking, and Duncan once again coughed up a mouthful of blood. His entire rib cage collapsed on
itself.
“D–don’t kill me! I’m begging you not to kill me! I know I was wrong! I’ll never do it again! I swear, I won’t annoy you ever again!” Duncan begged in between fits of coughing up blood.
This time, he was truly afraid.
“Any last words?” Dustin slowly raised his foot. This time, he lifted it right over Duncan’s head.
“Wait! Someone intentionally wanted to make you suffer today. It has nothing to do with me. I’m just the runner!”
“Who was it?” Dustin asked coolly.
###Chapter 600 by Marina Vittori
“If you promise not to kill me, I’ll tell you the truth.” Duncan said, attempting to negotiate terms.
“No thanks. You can just go die.” As soon as Dustin finished speaking, he stomped his foot hard on Duncan’s head “No-” Duncan tried to wail before his head exploded into pieces. And just like that, he was dead.
“Mr Rhys, the people outside have been taken care of ” At that moment, two masked martial artists dressed in black garments walked in. They were elite. shadow guards.
“Excellent. Clean this place up, and send the body straight to the Doyle home,” Dustin ordered. The two exchanged glances, but in the end, they still nodded. “Yes.”
Dustin said nothing more. He carried the unconscious Dahlia and briskly walked out of the underground casino.
The moment he stepped out the doors, he noticed a suspicious figure lurking in a corner. It was none other than James, who had managed to escape earlier.
“Come out!” Dustin threw a glance over his shoulder.
“Oh, it’s just you. You scared me.” James couldn’t help but let out a breath of relief when he saw
Dustin’s face. At the same time, he began to criticize him. “Hey, Rhys, why didn’t you come earlier? Don’t you know how much danger my sister was in just now? Also, if you weren’t so slow
to come to the rescue, my hand wouldn’t have been chopped off. How are you going to compensate
me? I’m telling you, without at least eighteen million dollars, I won’t-”
Before he could finish his sentence, Dustin had already raised his hand and slapped him hard
across the face.
James stumbled backward from the impact, almost falling over. His cheek began to swell rapidly.
“Are–are you crazy? What did you hit me for?!” James cupped his stinging cheek, his entire body
radiating shock and fury.
“That was for your insolent remarks!”
With a cold face, Dustin raised his hand and gave him another slap. “This one is for your lack of
repentance!”
Slap! “This one is for your cowardice!”
Slap! “And this one is for throwing Dahlia under the bus!”
Each slap made a loud ringing sound as it landed on James‘ face. He was smacked so hard that his head began to spin, and blood began to drip from his nose and mouth.
His face was so swollen that he now looked like a pig.
“Stop!” Suddenly, an SUV pulled over to the side of the road, and Florence immediately jumped off the car and dashed over.
Chank Sp
“Mom, you’re finally here!” When James saw his mother, he immediately ran into her arms, crying. He wailed. “That bastard Dustin is crazy! Look at what he did to my face!”
“Rhys, why did you hit my son?!” Florence flew into a rage.
“Why don’t you ask him what he did?” Dustin shouted back.
“No matter what, you can’t hit my son!” Florence screamed, glaring at Dustin.
“That’s right! Hitting people is wrong! Not to mention, why did you have to beat him so terribly?”
Julie added.
“Terribly? He should be grateful that I didn’t slaughter him!” Dustin roared with a frigid look. If James hadn’t gotten into trouble in the first place, Dahlia wouldn’t have gotten dragged down with him.
Even more despicably, that bastard had abandoned his sister and ran for his life alone!
“James, what in the world happened? Tell me everything, and I’ll make sure to do right by you!”
Florence demanded, her face darkening.
“Mom, this is all because of Dustin!” James pointed his finger at Dustin, getting his side of the story out first. “He colluded with the owner of the casino to punish me and put me in a crushing gambling debt. Then, he even lied to Dahlia to get her here, drugged her, and was going to do something to her. I couldn’t bear to watch her get hurt, so I risked my safety and tried to stop him. Humiliated, that asshole blew his top and beat me into a pulp. Look at my face–look at what he did to me!”
As soon as James finished speaking, Dustin’s face instantly turned stormy.
###Chapter 601 by Marina Vittori
As Dustin watched James run his mouth, his face became darker than a storm cloud. He never expected that James would shift the blame to the victim instead. Not only did he feel no remorse for his wrongdoing, he even dumped all the blame on Dustin. His actions made Dustin’s blood boil!
“How dare you, Dustin! I never thought you could sink to such lows. You couldn’t woo my daughter, so you decided to resort to such abominable actions? You’re a demon wearing a human’s face!” Florence screamed hatefully.
“Hmph, I saw through your faux gentlemanly demeanor a long time ago! Not only did you try to steal our money, you’ve even tried to harm my cousin. You’re an animal!” Julie roared, her eyes wide with rage.
“After all that happened, are you still not repentant?” Dustin frowned.
“What do I have to repent for? This is clearly your fault! You’re the one who tried to hurt my sister! “James said indignantly. With his mother backing him, he had nothing to fear.
“You animal, don’t touch my daughter again!” Florence gave Dustin a fierce shove before forcefully snatching the unconscious Dahlia from his arms.
“Mom, this bastard is truly wretched. Not only was he harboring repulsive intentions toward Dahlia, he even had someone chop my hand off. This time, you need to do right by me!” James wailed, playing the victim.
“You really need a good beating!” Dustin finally reached his breaking point. He raised his hand
and slapped James across the face.
James was hit so hard that he was lifted off the ground. His nose and mouth twisted to one side as
his head cracked against the wall, and he passed out.
“Asshole, how dare you continue hurting people?!” Florence yelled, her face furious.
“Rhys, you’re a huge bully!”
Both Julie and Florence were aflame with righteous indignation. However, they knew they
couldn’t beat him. Otherwise, they would have gotten violent from the very start.
“I don’t want to waste my breath talking to you. Once Dahlia wakes up, she’ll tell you the truth. Now get out of my sight and take that piece of shit with you!” Dustin roared.
This time, James had truly pissed him off. He was as cowardly as a mouse, yet he bullied those
weaker than him. When James had to confront Duncan, he didn’t even dare to make a noise; he
was quick to abandon his sister and run. And now, after being rescued, he was still trying to
manipulate the truth to frame Dustin and throw him under the bus.
Lowly scum like him deserved to be taught a lesson.
“Rhys, just wait! This isn’t over. You beat my son and hurt my daughter. I will get justice!”
After a series of animated curses, Florence finally left indignantly with her family. She knew that Dustin was very skilled in combat, so she only dared to use her mouth and not her hands. Of
Chapter 601
course, she had made up her mind to blackmail him miserably after this.
In the best–case scenario, she might be able to get that piece of land where the buildings were.
The night flew by.
The next morning, when the first ray of sunlight filtered through the windows of one of the rooms in the Ansdale South Hospital, Dahlia finally opened her eyes after a night of being unconscious.
At that moment, Florence happened to walk in with a tray of breakfast. “Dahlia, you’re awake? How do you feel? Does it hurt anywhere?”
“Mom, what am I doing here?” Dahlia rubbed her head, feeling woozy.
“Dahlia, you were drugged yesterday. I was worried about you, so I brought you to the hospital,”
Florence explained.
“Drugged?”
###Chapter 602 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia thought about it long and hard before finally recalling what happened in the casino last night. She had drank two glasses and passed out with no recollection of what happened afterward, but it seemed like she was safe.
“This is all that bastard’s fault! If Dustin didn’t harbor any ill intentions toward you and your brother, none of this would have happened to the both of you!” Florence exploded.
“Dustin? What does any of this have to do with him?” Dahlia was puzzled.
“I bet you still have no idea that he conspired with the owner of the casino to drug you. He was going to take advantage of you. Fortunately, James fought back and managed to save you,” Florence replied.
“Mom, there must be some kind of mistake.” Dahlia smiled. “Dustin would never hurt me, much less use such dirty tactics. You’ve got it all wrong.”
“Oh, Dahlia. You get tricked all the time because of how naive you are.” Florence retorted, her face serious. “You should never judge a book by its cover. Dustin may look like a good man, but he’s actually rotten to the core!”
“Mom, Dustin isn’t that kind of person.” Dahlia frowned in displeasure. She knew what kind of man Dustin was, and he definitely wasn’t the kind of person Florence was describing.
“You didn’t get to witness how disgusting he truly is last night. He didn’t just touch you; he also beat James up. Thanks to that, your brother is still unconscious in the hospital right now!”
Florence fumed.
“Dustin beat up James? No way.” Dahlia was skeptical.
“I saw it with my own eyes. Why would I lie to you? Your aunt and cousin were there too. You can ask them if you don’t believe me.” Florence retorted confidently.
“I know Dustin very well. If he hit James, then James must have done something wrong,” Dahlia
quickly replied.
“Hey! How could you defend an outsider? James is the victim here, yet you’re defending that bastard! What on earth are you thinking?” Florence shrieked.
“Mom, there must be a misunderstanding. I refuse to believe that Dustin would hit someone for no reason.” Dahlia shook her head adamantly.
Although she wasn’t sure about what happened yesterday night, Dustin clearly helped get her to safety because she had left him a text before going to the casino as a precaution.
“Hmph! That brute hit James because he was angry that his tricks got exposed!” Florence seethed.
“I still-” Before Dahlia could continue her sentence, Julie barged into the room anxiously, yelling, “Aunt Florence, bad news! James‘ condition suddenly took a turn for the worse, and he’s been sent
to the operating room!”
“What? The operating room?” Florence was shocked, “Wasn’t he fine last night? Why did his condition suddenly worsen?”
1/2
Chapter 602
“I’m not too sure either, but the doctor said that things were very serious. You should hurry over immediately!” Julie urged.
“Right! Let’s go!” Florence quickly dashed out of the room. Dahlia immediately put on her shoes and followed after her mother.
When they reached the operating room waiting room, they could do nothing but pace and wait anxiously for the results. It wasn’t until three hours later that the doors opened again, and several
doctors and nurses emerged, looking drained.
“Doctor, how is my son doing? Is he alright?” Florence asked fearfully.
The surgeon sighed regretfully and replied, “I’m sorry. We tried our best, but we were unable to bring the patient back. He has passed away.”
“What?” Everyone was shocked, their faces frozen in disbelief.
“D–dead?” As if struck by lightning, Florence’s knees went weak, and she sank to the floor, devastated.
###Chapter 603 by Marina Vittori
James‘ death shocked everyone. They couldn’t believe that the man who had been so full of life last night was now dead.
“N–no! It can’t be! How could my brother be dead?” Dahlia shook her head repeatedly, her face full of disbelief. “Please try and save my brother again! I’m willing to pay any price!”
“I’m sorry, but there’s nothing we can do. Our deepest condolences.” The doctor shook his head. “But how could this be?” Tears streamed down Dahlia’s face, and she staggered backward. She couldn’t believe that her brother had died just like that.
“Oh, James! My son!” Florence wailed in anguish as James‘ body was wheeled out. She burst into tears at the sight of the lifeless body. She couldn’t believe that her only son, whom she babied endlessly, had died so suddenly. What a tragic outcome!
“Doctor, my nephew was fine yesterday, so why did he die? Did you guys make a mistake during surgery?” Victoria questioned.
The patient suffered a severe head injury that resulted in intracranial bleeding. We’ve done everything we could.” The surgeon quickly explained.
Hearing this, Florence sprung up and swore. “It’s Dustin! That fucker did this! He killed my son!”
“You’re right. James must have died because of Dustin’s violent assault last night. He even hit James on the head!” Julie exclaimed, a sudden realization dawning on her.
“That goddamn bastard! How dare he kill my son! I’ll make him pay!” Florence roared.
“I–it can’t be Dustin!” Dahlia was still in denial.
“Dahlia Nicholson! Your brother is dead! Are you still going to defend that piece of shit?” Florence
was furious.
“There must be a misunderstanding. There must be!” Dahlia kept shaking her head, unable to accept this shocking reality.
“Dahlia, it’s true that Dustin did it. We saw the whole thing happen last night.” Julie stated
gravely.
“I was there too. This happened because Dustin assaulted James.” Victoria echoed.
“Open your eyes and look at your brother’s body. Look at what that bastard did to James‘ face!” Florence grabbed Dahlia by the collar and dragged her toward James‘ lifeless body. The bruises and swelling on his face that indicated his brutal assault were still clearly visible.
“Why? Why did this happen?” Dahlia sobbed in anguish. Her brother’s death was already a huge blow to her, but the fact that Dustin was the person who killed James hurt her far worse.
Although she wanted to deny this truth, all evidence pointed at Dustin, so she had no choice but to accept it. Now, she was at a loss for what to do.
Why had it been Dustin?
1/2
Why did he hurt her brother?
What will happen to her and Dustin?
“Oh God, why are you doing this to me? Why?” Dahlia screamed in her head. She clutched her chest and felt as her heart shattered into a million pieces as she sobbed heartbreakingly.
Dahlia was eventually so overwhelmed that she collapsed, passing out on the spot.
In the afternoon, inside one of the hospital’s wards, Florence and the others had started handling. things related to James‘ passing.
###Chapter 604 by Marina Vittori
Meanwhile, Dahlia sat alone on the hospital bed with a dull gaze and a haggard face. All the crying had tired her out, and her head was so hazy she felt like a zombie. Today’s blow had completely overwhelmed her.
“Dahlia Dustin suddenly walked into the room. His tone was concerned as he asked, “I heard you were admitted to the hospital. Which part of your body is the discomfort coming from? Do you want me to take a look at it?”
Unresponsive, Dahlia sat still like a statue. “What’s wrong, Dahlia?” Dustin waved a hand in front of Dahlia’s face, whose expression remained as emotionless as a lifeless doll. Usually, only devastated people who had lost all hope showed such an expression
Dustin frowned and immediately felt her pulse, only to realize that it was irregular and extremely weak, like a candle that was going to blow out at any moment.
“How did this happen?” Dustin was shocked. He quickly took out his silver needles and began treating Dahlia A stream of true energy started flowing into her body as more needles pierced her.
“Dahlia, wake up!” Dustin yelled as he kept inserting more needles into her body. He had no idea what caused her to turn this way, but he did know that if her condition was not treated soon, she was either going to die or go crazy!
“Wake up!” As he stabbed the last needle into Dahlia’s skin, an abundant stream of true energy flowed out of his body and into Dahlia’s.
It took a moment for Dahlia to come back to her senses and for light to return to her eyes.
“Great!” Dustin let out a breath of relief. He asked worriedly, “What happened, Dahlia? You were-”
Before he could finish his words, Dahlia swiped her hand across his face fiercely, shocking him.
“What?” Dustin frowned and turned to look at her, only to see her trembling as tears filled her eyes.
“Why are you here? I don’t want to see you. Get out!” Dahlia wailed, slapping him again.
This time, however, Dustin caught her hand gently. “What on earth happened, Dahlia?”
“How dare you ask me! Don’t you know what you did?” Dahlia seethed.
“I really don’t. Was there a misunderstanding?” Dustin asked hesitantly.
“Misunderstanding? My brother is dead, yet you tell me there was a misunderstanding?” Dahlia practically roared.
“James is dead?” Dustin paled. “How could this be?”
“You murderer! You killed my brother! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you!” Fists rained down on Dustin as Dahlia vented all her anger at him.
1/2
Chop:604
“Me? No way.” Dustin was flabbergasted.
“Don’t even try denying it. My brother was hospitalized because of what you did last night. They failed to save him this morning, so he’s dead now!” Dahlia’s face was full of agony.
“Impossible!” Dustin immediately shook his head. “I did slap him a few times last night, but I
made sure to control my strength. It was nowhere near enough to kill him!”
Despite his hatred for James, Dustin would never kill the other man. Yesterday’s actions were merely to teach James a lesson, so how could they have caused his death?
###Chapter 605 by Marina Vittori
“Don’t make excuses! Your palm prints are all over my brother’s face, and the doctors said he suffered severe head trauma. If you weren’t the one who caused it, who else could it be? Why? Why did you have to hit him so hard? Even if he did something wrong, you shouldn’t have killed him!” Dahlia bawled, her fist pounding on Dustin’s chest.
Although Dustin should be the one in pain, the person who ended up with tears streaking down. their face was Dahlia.
“Dahlia, I think that there’s something fishy with James‘ sudden death. Please believe me. I would never kill him!” Dustin responded gravely.
“Believe you? How am I supposed to do that when all evidence is pointing at you?” Dahlia roared. It has been proven that Dustin was the person who hit James, causing the latter to be hospitalized. Doctors have also confirmed that the cause of James‘ death was head trauma.
These answers were concrete evidence that pointed to Dustin as the murderer. So even if Dahlia was willing to believe that this hadn’t been Dustin’s intention, it was an undeniable fact that Dustin had accidentally killed her brother.
“Calm down, Dahlia. We haven’t gotten to the bottom of this incident yet. Please give me some time.” Dustin’s brows were furrowed deeply.
“How am I supposed to calm down when my brother’s dead body is laying in the morgue? Dustin, from today onward, we are over! I don’t want to ever see you again, so get out!” Losing control of her emotions, Dahlia slapped and clawed at him.
There was no way she could ever forgive him for killing her brother, which meant that from now
on, they were enemies.
“Take care of yourself, Dahlia. I’ll get to the bottom of this soon.” Realizing that nothing he said. was getting to her, Dustin stopped trying to explain himself and got up to leave.
Instead of leaving, he headed straight to the hospital morgue. To be honest, he wasn’t so confident. anymore. Although his strikes hadn’t been too powerful, it was true that he hit James, so there was still a chance that things had gone wrong.
Still, who knew? Maybe James had terrible luck and accidentally fell to his death instead.
Dustin was determined to check things out for himself. He pretended to be one of James‘ family members and entered the hospital morgue. Dustin found the container where James‘ body was being kept and pulled the drawer out, revealing a face that was blue and black. All the marks from
yesterday were still clearly visible.
Dustin steeled himself and began examining James‘ body carefully.
“Visible injuries on the face, bloodshot eyes, forceful impact on the forehead, damage to the back. of the head, and blood clots in the nostrils. It seems like intracranial bleeding is the cause of his death…” Dustin mumbled to himself, his frown deepening as he realized that James‘ death was indeed caused by head trauma.
Could it be that he accidentally killed the other man?
Dustin’s heart sank at the thought. He was sure that if that were the case, Dahlia would hate him
for the rest of her life.1
Dustin became lost in thought as he tried to think of what to do next.
Suddenly, Dustin thought of something. He leaned closer and examined James‘ body again, paying more attention to the top of the man’s head this time and carefully combing through each strand of hair.
After a while, he finally found something out of the ordinary.
At the center of James‘ scalp, there was a minuscule black dot hidden in the dense forest of hair. The dot, which was the size of a pinprick, was so small that others could have easily missed it.
Dustin reached out, and a force sucked a black needle the width of a strand of hair out of James‘ head. “I knew something was wrong.” A shiver ran down Dustin’s back as he studied the black needle in his hand.
###Chapter 606 by Marina Vittori
It was obvious that someone was trying to frame Dustin for James‘ death, but who? Was it the Doyle family or the Grant family? Or perhaps someone he had never met before. And why would they do this? Were they trying to turn Dahlia against him?
Dustin stared at the black needle he was holding. He wanted to explain everything to Dahlia but stopped himself. He knew that in her current state, she would never believe him.
Besides, all he had was the needle, which wasn’t enough to prove anything. He would only be able to prove his innocence when he found the real killer.
Just then, the sound of the phone ringing tore through the air. Dustin fished out his phone and
saw that it was Nelson.
“Hello? Great timing, Nelson. There’s something I need you to-”
Before Dustin could finish what he wanted to say, a panicked voice rang out. “We’re in trouble, Sir!”
“What’s happening?” Dustin frowned.
“A bunch of martial artists just randomly barged into our dojo and began beating our men up. They are ruthless! Our men have no chance of stopping these people, so please save us!” Nelson pleaded desperately.
“Hang on. I’m on my way!” Dustin hùng up and immediately made his way to the Flame Dragon Dojo. As the gang’s leader, there was no way he could just ignore this.
After half an hour, Dustin finally arrived at the Flame Dragon Dojo, where a bunch of his disciples were sprawled out on the floor.
Foreign martial artists clad in dark clothes had completely taken over the place. Even the Four Guardians, who were fairly strong, were pinned under their feet, unable to move at all, while
Nelson was shaking where he knelt on the ground.
“Sir!” Nelson was overjoyed when he saw Dustin and struggled to stand up. However, he was kicked in the back by a bearded man and fell back onto the ground.
“Are you the leader of the Flame Dragon Gang?” The bearded man rose to his feet slowly, his expression arrogant.
“I am. And who are you?” Dustin asked.
“The name’s Malcom. Bennet Malcom. I’m the Doyle family’s envoy, and I was ordered to capture you.” Bennet answered calmly.
“Bennet Malcom?” The Flame Dragon Gang immediately paled when they heard this. Bennet Malcom, otherwise known as Maniac, was a Divine–level martial artist who also happened to be Terry Doyle’s right–hand man. He was notorious for winning all duels people challenged him with, regardless of his opponents‘ level. His methods were also brutal to the point that his opponents either ended up dead or critically injured, which was why the mere mention of his name was enough to throw Nelson and the others into a state of frenzy.
1/2
Besides being insanely powerful, Bennet also had the support of the Doyle family, making him
untouchable.
“The Doyle family again?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. “You guys really don’t know when to give up,
do you?”
First, it had been Duncan, now, it was their family envoy. They seem to really have their eyes set on Dustin
The Flame Dragon Gang belongs to Mr. Doyle in the first place, yet you killed Harry Hall and took over the gang without permission. Your actions have made Mr. Doyle very angry. He has ordered. me to take you in for questioning. You better behave to save yourself from the pain.” Bennet threatened coolly.
“Enough with the chit–chat, Bennet. Arrest that fucker. I want my revenge!” Right then, a young woman with a clenched jaw limped her way out of the crowd.
“It’s you?” Dustin narrowed his eyes as he immediately recognized the woman, who was none other than Maggie Doyle, whom he had met during yesterday’s car accident.
###Chapter 607 by Marina Vittori
“Hey, motherfucker. I bet you didn’t expect me to come for you so soon.” Maggie sneered. “I’ve warned you not to cross me, or you’d be dead meat. I bet you’re shaking in fear now, aren’t you?”
As soon as she went home, she ordered her men to look into Dustin and discovered that he was
the leader of the Flame Dragon Gang. Her cousin Terry had been the one who was controlling that gang, so how dare Dustin touch that gang!
She immediately went to report her findings to Terry, secretly exaggerating the story, which led
to the current situation.
“Wasn’t yesterday’s lesson memorable enough? Why would you ask for another beating?” Dustin. asked nonchalantly.
“A beating? Haha! Look around you. You’re surrounded by martial artists who work under my family!” Maggie yelled.
As the only martial arts family among the Fabulous Five, the Doyle family focused more on
security and provided martial arts assistance, which was why despite being the weakest of the five families in terms of wealth, their physical strength was second to none.
*Just because you have numbers on your side doesn’t mean you’ll win.” Dustin shook his head.
I’m not in the mood for bloodshed today, so as long as you apologize, compensate all the damages, and promise not to do this again, I might let this matter slide.”
“Let this matter slide? Pfft!” Maggie burst out laughing. “Bitch, what gives you the right to say
that? Your life is in my hands now. You’d be dead if I ordered my men to tear you to shreds!”
“Really? Try it, then ” Dustin spread out his hands, his expression remaining unchanged.
“I guess you’re going to be stubborn till the end. Bennet, destroy him!” Maggie gestured to Bennet and took a seat at the side to enjoy the show.
“Kid, you shouldn’t have offended Ms. Maggie. I was planning to capture you peacefully, but now,
I’ll have no choice but to break your limbs to placate her,” Bennet said frigidly as he trudged forward, his large, imposing frame putting immense pressure on others.
“Sir, Bennet Malcom is a powerful Divine–level martial artist. You’re no match for him, so run!”
Nelson, who was tied up, cried.
“What will you guys do if I run now?” Dustin was surprised by Nelson’s loyalty.
“Our lives are nothing compared to yours. Let them do whatever they want!” Nelson answered firmly. From the moment he heard Bennet’s name, he knew that he was doomed.
“As your leader, there’s no way I’d abandon all of you,” Dustin responded calmly.
“Sir, as long as you’re alive, there will always be hope. You’re extremely talented; you’ll reach the top in no time. There’s no need for you to risk your life here!” Nelson shouted. Although Dustin
was also a Divine–level martial artist, he was still no match for a seasoned fighter like Bennet. Not to mention, Bennet also had the Doyle family backing him up.
“I don’t deserve to be your leader if I run away in times of trouble.” Dustin was unfazed.
1/2
“Sir! Now is not the time to be stubborn. Bennet is far too strong for you to handle. Saving your own life is far more important. Hurry, run!” Nelson panicked.
“Run, Sir! Forget about us!”
“As long as you’re safe, the Flame Dragon Gang can rise again. Our deaths won’t be in vain!”
Influenced by Nelson, the rest of the gang’s disciples began crying out in righteousness.
In the martial world, nothing was more important than loyalty and righteousness. The fact that Dustin was willing to stand up against the Doyle family for them was enough to prove that they had chosen the right person to follow.
“Don’t worry. This big guy can’t do anything to me.” Dustin smiled softly. “Stubborn to the end, I see? Let’s see how long you’ll last!” Maggie sniggered.
###Chapter 608 by Marina Vittori
“Hey, kid. You should’ve listened when they told you to run, but unfortunately, it’s too late now. Bennet stepped closer to Dustin. Soon, Bennet was less than 20 feet away from Dustin, which was the best range for an attack. There was no way Dustin could escape from him.
“When did I ever say that I wanted to run?” Dustin retorted calmly. “Do you still plan to resist after hearing my nickname?” Bennet sneered. “Resist? No, you misunderstand me. I’m merely going to knock you out.” Dustin corrected.
“Knock me out? Pfft!” Bennet sniggered. “Fine. I’ll give you a chance. I won’t move from this spot. You have three chances to strike me. I’ll let you go if you can make me take even a single step backward.”
His words put a smirk on Maggie’s and the others‘ faces, who were all aware that Bennet’s body was impenetrable. Even those of the same rank as him couldn’t break through his defenses. So everyone was confident that even if Bennet let Dustin attack him thirty times without protecting himself, the former would still be completely unharmed.
“This is interesting. Bennet is going to play a game of cat and mouse.” Maggie smirked.
“The brat is going to make a fool of himself, yet he thinks he’s got the upper hand.”
The martial artists from the Doyle family had their arms crossed and were grinning from ear to ear as they watched on. While Nelson and the others gritted their teeth and clenched their jaws.
Bennet was clearly humiliating Dustin, yet Nelson and the rest of the gang were too weak to fight
back.
“Are you sure you want to let me have three strikes at you first?” Dustin suddenly asked.
“Why? Is it not enough? Fine, you can have ten. If that’s still not enough, you can even have thirty.”
Bennet sneered.
“It’s okay. Just one is enough.” Dustin smiled softly and suddenly threw an ordinary–looking
punch.
“Don’t fall for it, Sir! He’s provoking you!” Nelson yelled.
“Ignorant fool.” Maggie sniggered.
“Things are starting to get good.” The Doyle family martial artists started cheering. They naturally assumed that Dustin was making things harder for himself.
There was an audible thump as Dustin’s fist buried itself into Bennet’s abdomen. However, the
latter seemed unfazed; his arms were still crossed as he sneered at Dustin.
“He actually made a move? How foolish!” The Doyle family martial artists giggled jeeringly.
Bennet chuckled. “Are you trying to tickle me with that puny punch of yours? You-”
Suddenly, he paled and looked down as he realized something.
The place where Dustin had struck him had started churning, and suddenly, there was an ear- splitting bang as Bennet’s abdomen exploded, leaving a gaping, bloody hole.
The insane force sent Bennet flying in the air before he crashed heavily into the floor and passed. out on impact.
With a single strike, Dustin had knocked Bennet out!
###Chapter 609 by Marina Vittori
Flabbergasted, everyone gaped at Bennet, who landed on the defeated with 7 with a crash. None of them expected someone as powerful as Bennet to be one punch.Wasn’t he supposed to have an impenetrable body and be insanely strong? How was he defeated so easily?
“I–impossible!” Maggie’s gleeful expression had vanished and was now replaced by aghast. This was Maniac they were talking about. A revered Divine–level martial artist who was also Terry’s best fighter.
She couldn’t believe that such a powerful person had been defeated by a single punch from Dustin. “Is this Sir Rhys‘ true strength? He’s terrifying.” Nelson’s eyes were wide open with disbelief.
Bennet was well known for his strength, which made him the best fighter in the Doyle family. He had never lost a single battle and was even strong enough to eliminate the Flame Dragon Gang by himself, yet he had been defeated by a single attack from Dustin. That was incredible!
There was a pregnant pause before the uproar began.
“Holy shit! I didn’t know that Sir Rhys was so strong. Who would have expected him to take Maniac down by himself? He’s awesome!”
“With such a strong leader, I’m sure our gang will go far in the future!”
The Flame Dragon Gang disciples were overjoyed by the outcome and were in awe of Dustin’s strength.
Maniac? Yeah, right! He couldn’t even withstand a single punch from their leader, much less
thirty punches.
“How could this have happened? Bennet lost?”
“Who the hell is that guy? How the fuck did he defeat Bennet so easily?”
The Doyle family’s martial artists were terrified by Dustin’s power. They had initially thought that it would be an easy win, never expecting things to turn out like this.
Was this the end of the Doyle family?
“Your men seem a bit weak. Why don’t you test out my strength yourself?” Dustin turned his head, and his gaze landed on Maggie, who stood amidst the crowd.
“W–what?” Maggie paled and stumbled backward, nearly tripping over her feet.
“Protect Ms. Maggie!” The Doyle family’s martial artists immediately surrounded Maggie to keep
her safe.
All of them had their guards up, and several men had broken out in a cold sweat. After all, how could they possibly defeat the person who won against Maniac? Still, they had to carry out their duty, so even if they knew they would lose, they had to stand up and fight.
“Seeing how you defeated Bennet, I have to admit that I underestimated you.” Maggie composed
herself quickly. “However, my family has tons of people who are way stronger than Bennet. Do you think that you can defeat a bunch of people just because you defeated Bennet?”
The Doyle family was a martial arts family, and each family member practiced martial arts, so nothing would change, no matter how powerful Dustin was.
“So what?” Dustin responded, unfazed.
“I’m very generous. I’m willing to let you go if you get on your knees and grovel for forgiveness. Maggie humphed arrogantly.
###Chapter 610 by Marina Vittori
“I don’t think you understand the situation here. You’re the rat in the trap right now, not me.” Dustin reminded. The Flame Dragon Gang disciples, who had been suppressed by Bennet earlier, sprung up excitedly now that they had a fighting chance against the Doyle family.
“What? Are you challenging my family?” Maggie yelled. “So what if I am? Since I’ve already offended your family, I might as well see things to the end. “Dustin retorted fearlessly.
“You!” Maggie seethed. She didn’t expect Dustin to be crazy enough to completely disregard her family.
“Ms. Maggie, this place isn’t safe anymore. We should retreat and regroup.” One of the martial artists next to her whispered.
There was no way they could hold out against so many gang disciples, especially with Dustin around. Maggie sucked a deep breath and eventually ordered, “Retreat!”
“Who said you could leave?” With a fierce stomp, true energy burst out, and the Doyle family martial artists were sent flying into the air, causing wails to ring out everywhere.
“Grab them!” Nelson immediately charged forward with his men, finally having the chance to release all the pent–up anger from the humiliation.
“Stop!” Right before the battle broke out, a feminine voice cut through the commotion. A voluptuous woman clad in black walked in, with a dozen female martial artists following closely behind.
“What?” Dustin frowned. He was taken aback because he knew the woman in black. It was Claudia Doyle, whom he had encountered briefly back in Swinton.
They had first met at Peaceful Medical Center when she and Sheila had been severely injured by Thor Garcia, one of The Four Scoundrels. Back then, Dustin was the one who saved them and killed Thor. Their interactions stopped after he cured Sheila’s odd disease in exchange for the Gozoraberry, so he was surprised to see Claudia here.
“You came at the right time, Claudia. Kill this bastard for me!” Maggie’s eyes lit up, and she cried out happily.
“It’s you?” Claudia was just as astonished to see Dustin.
“Long time no see, Ms. Doyle.” Dustin greeted indifferently.
“Claudia, this man was acting so arrogantly. And he even challenged our family. Take him down immediately!” Maggie jeered.
“Shut your lips!” Claudia shot Maggie a glare, causing the latter to swallow her words.
Maggie had always been terrified of her cousin, and it wasn’t just because of her strength, but because of Claudia’s close relationship with the Murrays. Out of all the youngsters in the Doyle family, Terry was the only one who could control Claudia.
“Dustin, I don’t know what grudge you have against Maggie, but I must bring her back safely today,” Claudia said.
“That’ll be difficult. She stirred up trouble and even hurt my men. I can’t pretend that nothing happened.” Dustin shook his head.
“I am willing to pay you double the compensation for all the damage she caused,” Claudia responded confidently.
“This isn’t about money. Would you be happy if I gave you some money for expenses after slapping you a few times?” Dustin retorted.
your medical
“Then, what do you want?” Claudia frowned.
“First, she has to kneel and apologize. She also has to pay a tenfold compensation, as well as slap herself twice to show her sincerity.” Dustin smiled softly. “Fuck off!” Maggie snapped. “You want me to apologize and slap myself? Who the fuck do think you are?”
you
‘Dustin, you’re taking things too far!” Claudia growled. “I’m talking to you nicely because saved Sheila before. You’re going to have to suffer the consequences if you keep this up!”
###Chapter 611 by Marina Vittori
“Are you threatening me, Ms. Doyle?” Dustin narrowed his eyes, a small smile on his lips.
“I’m just giving you a piece of advice!” Claudia snapped. “Terry is the one who’s protecting Maggie. He won’t let you off the hook if you touch even a single strand of her hair.”
“Terry Doyle?” The Flame Dragon Gang disciple instantly began shaking in fear.
In the martial world, Terry was not only treated as the brightest individual of the Doyle family but was also a powerhouse whose name was on The Heavenly Immortals and stood atop all his peers. There were even rumors that he might be the next leader of the martial arts world.
To sum things up, Terry was a blessed individual who was born into a prestigious family and had the guidance of the most esteemed masters, while potentially becoming the next leader of the martial world
Even meeting just one of those conditions was amazing enough, yet Terry ticked all the boxes. So, who would dare challenge him?
“So what? Does that guy have three heads and six arms or something?” Dustin was unfazed,
“You should ask those around you if you’ve never heard of Terry’s nickname!” Claudia hissed.
“Sir, we can’t afford to offend someone like him. Why don’t we give up this time?” Nelson gulped.
“He’s right. It’s alright if we suffer, but you don’t have to put your life on the line.” The other disciples advised.
If it was Maggie they were up against, they’d still have a winning chance. However, if their opponent changed to Terry, this would just be asking for death.
“You heard that? Everyone in Millsburg knows how strong Terry is. If you surrender now, I can ask him to let this matter go.” Claudia spoke again.
“Hey, Rhys! You better not waste the chance Claudia gave you, or Terry might destroy this place!” Maggie jeered
“Is he that strong?” Dustin raised an eyebrow
“Are you scared now? And here I wondered how tough you were. It turns out you’re nothing but eye candy.” Maggie grumbled disdainfully.
“Dustin, you should consider the situation you’re in Surrendering to someone stronger than you is nothing to be ashamed of. I’ll help you once, but you’re on your own next time. Let’s go, Maggie.” Claudia waved her hand and prepared to leave.
“Hang on.” Dustin moved quickly and blocked the exit. “When did I say you could leave?”
“Are you going to stir up more trouble?” Claudia frowned, annoyed by Dustin. She thought that she’d been kind enough to him, yet he was still being extremely stubborn.
“Hey, don’t be so fucking shameless!” Maggie barked. “If it weren’t for Claudia, did you think I’d let you go so easily? Trust me, if Terry were here, he’d wipe out all of you!”
“That won’t be necessary since I’ll be looking for him myself,” Dustin responded calmly. “I’ll be
visiting your family in three days to challenge Terry. We’ll settle all the scores then.”
“What?” Dustin’s words stunned everyone, and they gaped at him in disbelief.
Was he crazy? How could he challenge Terry Doyle, the genius who’s on The Heavenly Immortals? Did he have a death wish?
“Dustin, are you out of your mind? That’s nothing but foolish and suicidal!” Claudia was the first to react. She had only spoken kindly to him because of Sheila. She never expected Dustin to be bold enough to challenge Terry.
###Chapter 612 by Marina Vittori
It was like bringing a knife to a gunfight! “You piece of shit! You’re crazy! Who gave you the balls to challenge Terry?” Maggie cackled. Although Dustin’s behavior had shocked her, she was pleased since she couldn’t wait to see him die in Terry’s hands.
“S–sir, y–you can’t!” Nelson went as white as a sheet, and his knees went weak. Dustin had taken his joke way too far. Challenging Terry was nothing short of a suicide mission.
“Since we already have a grudge against each other, we might rip off the band–aid. Go home and ask Terry if he has the guts to accept my challenge” Dustin shocked everyone once more.
Since the conflict between him and Terry wasn’t just a small issue, it’d be better to just get things over with. Terry was the Doyle family’s sturdy boulder, and Dustin planned to demolish their confidence once and for all!
“Do you have a death wish?” Claudia hissed. “The outcome is still unclear, so you shouldn’t make assumptions so soon,” Dustin responded calmly.
“How foolish! I hope you don’t regret your actions later on.” Claudia humphed. She had never met anyone as foolish and arrogant as Dustin.
“Nelson, draft out a challenge letter. Ms. Doyle will bring it back with her.” Dustin ordered.
“Are you sure, Sir Rhys?” Nelson was terrified.
“Do I look like I’m joking?” Dustin snapped.
“R–right away, sir.” Nelson groaned and passed the completed letter to Claudia.
“You would have been forgiven for any mistakes made accidentally, but since you brought this upon yourself, you’re doomed.” Claudia shook her head, and she stared at the letter. She was sure that Dustin was a dead man.
“I’ll be waiting for you at home in three days, Rhys! I wonder how you’ll die.” Maggie exclaimed gleefully.
“That’s between me and Terry, but we’ll be settling our score right here and now.” Dustin’s gaze hardened.
“What are you up to? I’m warning you; you better not-” Maggie’s eyes widened, and she was about to threaten Dustin again.
Out of nowhere, Dustin appeared before her and forcefully smacked her across the face twice, causing her to fly backward. Her teeth popped out, and blood from her disfigured face splattered everywhere By the time she landed on the ground, she was completely unconscious.
“Now we’re even.” Dustin clapped his hands together, a satisfied grin on his face. Since Maggie wasn’t willing to slap herself, he thought he would help her do it instead.
“How dare you!” Claudia was pissed. How could Dustin hit Maggie right in front of her?
“Calm down, Ms. Doyle. She won’t die from this.” Dustin responded calmly. “Please also pass a message to Terry that he can just surrender if he’s too afraid to accept my challenge.”
“You’ll regret this, Dustin!” Claudia sneered and left with her people.
“We’re doomed!” Nelson was devastated.
Last time, Dustin hurt one of the Grants, and this time, he challenged Terry Doyle. Who in their right mind would do something like that?
Gosh, their gang leader was insane! The disciples were going to go crazy with worry soon.
###Chapter 613 by Marina Vittori
At the training grounds of the Doyle family mansion, ten heavily armed elite martial artists were surrounding an unarmed young man.
The man had long, flowing hair and a handsome face with a sharp gaze. His movements were swift and graceful as he effortlessly evaded the attacks from the ten martial artists with his hands clasped behind his back.
What made him more fearsome were the weights he was carrying. Tied all over his body were a bunch of hefty, dark steel weights that could make even the best Divine–level martial artists struggle. Yet the man seemed completely unbothered by the weights as he toyed with the other fighters. The only person who could do something like this was the Doyle family’s genius, Terry Doyle!
“N–no more, Mr. Terry. We give up.” 30 minutes later, the ten fighters had all collapsed onto the floor, panting and sweating buckets. Each of them was a well–known fighter in the martial arts world, yet even with their combined efforts, they hadn’t even been able to put a scratch on Terry.
“You guys have been getting worse. Today’s training was nothing.” Terry humphed, displeased. “Sir, we haven’t been getting worse, you just became stronger again.” Someone grumbled.
“Exactly. We were at least on par with you two years ago. But now, we can’t even touch you despite you wearing those weights that weigh over three hundred pounds.”
“It’s only natural since you’re a genius.”
The fighters began singing praises for Terry, but that didn’t make him any happier. “You bunch of useless things. Scram!” Terry snapped, sending them scampering away in fear.
“How boring. It seems like Tyler Grant is my only rival left in Millsburg.” Terry’s gaze turned determined.
Tyler was a military man, and couldn’t fight in the martial world, which was why his name didn’t appear on The Heavenly Immortals. Still, Terry knew that with Tyler’s strength, the latter could easily make it to the top of the list, so he couldn’t help wondering when they might have the chance to spar against each other.
“Terry!”
Just then, a battered Maggie rushed in, crying. Her disheveled looks and unrecognizable face were ghastly.
“What?” Terry’s stare turned chilling, and he took out his blade and pointed it at the newcomer. Who the hell are you? How dare you trespass into our forbidden training grounds!” Startled, Maggie stopped in her tracks and pulled her hair away from her face. “It’s me, Maggie!” “Maggie?” Terry was astonished. “What happened to you?”
”
“I–I got beaten up!” Maggie’s lower lip quivered before she burst into tears.
“Who would dare to hit you? Did you use my name?” Terry’s face darkened.
“I did, but that only made that person hit me even more!” Maggie cried.
“What? Who is that arrogant bastard?” Terry was angry that someone dared to disrespect him.
“It’s that Dustin guy!” Maggie growled. “I went over to the Flame Dragon Dojo with Bennet to get the gang back, but that guy managed to defeat Bennet and even
beat me up! Ugh!”
“He must be quite strong to be able to defeat Bennet.” Terry was surprised. Even among their family’s martial artists, Bennet was one of their best fighters, and the average martial artist would not stand a chance against that man.
“Terry, that guy is out of his mind. After defeating Bennet, he even challenged you! Take a look at this!”
###Chapter 614 by Marina Vittori
Maggie handed the challenge letter to Terry. “A duel in three days?” Terry sniggered after reading the letter. “It seems like I’ve been isolating myself for too long. Even weaklings dare to challenge me now.”
“You have to get even for me, Terry.” Maggie pleaded. “Don’t worry. I’ll stand up for you!” Terry’s eyes glinted dangerously. “Help me spread the news of this challenge. I want to take this opportunity to scare off the weaklings and show others our family’s strength!”
“Sure!” Maggie immediately got to work. In less than a day, news about the leader of the Flame Dragon Gang challenging Terry Doyle spread far and wide. Although not many knew who the leader of the Flame Dragon Gang was, they were well aware of who Terry was. Therefore, the news excited over half of the people in Millsburg, especially those in the martial arts world.
Terry was a publicly recognized martial arts genius whose name was on The Heavenly Immortals. Usually, it would be hard to even catch a glimpse of the man, so everyone was thrilled to hear that he accepted a public challenge. That night, in the Harmon estate.
“What? Dustin is going to challenge Terry Doyle to a duel? Are you kidding me, Dad?” Natasha sprung out of her chair after hearing this. On the contrary, Hector seemed unfazed as he took a sip of his tea. “The Doyle family made the announcement this afternoon, so it should be real.
“How could this have happened? Why did Dustin suddenly challenge Terry?” Natasha was fearful.
“The grudge between Dustin and the Doyle family has been going on for quite a while. I have a feeling that Dustin is using this chance to send the Doyle family a warning,” Hector said thoughtfully.
“Dustin is being too reckless! Terry Doyle is a genius who is insanely powerful. He isn’t someone
who should be messed with. I must talk Dustin out of this!”
Natasha grabbed her phone to call Dustin, but Hector stopped her. “Dustin was the one who issued the challenge. It’ll be extremely humiliating if he goes back on his word now.”
“But that’s better than dying, isn’t it?” Natasha frowned.
“Silly girl. You’re worrying too much.” Hector shook his head with a smile. “You should know him well enough by now. If he wasn’t confident he would win, do you think he would have put his life on the line?”
“I know that, but Terry isn’t just anyone. If Dustin loses the competition, he’ll be dead meat!” Natasha exclaimed worriedly.
Ever since she fell for Dustin, she could no longer think straight when it came to him.
“Alnight, stop overthinking.” Hector patted his daughter’s head gently. “If Dustin has the balls to issue the challenge, it just mean that he’s confident in himself. Who knows? He might surprise all of us. We should just watch and see how things turn out.”
111
Meanwhile, at the Grants‘ mansion, a woman wearing black clothes and a mask with a raindrop design was reporting the situation to Tyler
“Master, I just received news that Dustin Rhys will be challenging Terry Doyle in three days,”
“That’s odd.” Tyler was surprised. Terry is quite a strong person. Where did Dustin find the courage to challenge him?”
“Should I do something about it?” The woman asked tentatively.
“It’s alright. Just keep an eye on things. We’ll go to the Doyle family mansion together then.”
“Yes, master.” The woman lowered her head.
She couldn’t help feeling suspicious. Knowing Tyler’s personality, he usually never cared about minor characters, so there must be something different about Dustin.
###Chapter 615 by Marina Vittori
For the next few days, Dustin occupied himself with investigating James’ death. Someone had murdered James and framed him for the former’s death.
Although he didn’t know who the true killer was, he could at least guess their intentions. They wanted to send him a warning, as well as make others turn against him. A stab in the back was always the hardest to anticipate.
Dustin had also tried approaching Dahlia several times, but she still refused to see him. He knew that before the real murderer was revealed, there was no way they could peacefully talk to each other.
On the third morning, Dustin stood at the edge of the battle ring in Flame Dragon Dojo as he studied the black needle.
The needle was forged from dark steel and had been dipped in poison. If the needle managed to prick into a person’s skin, it would cause an instant death, which was why James’ death had been so sudden.
But the question was, “Who did the needle belong to?”
“Sir…”
Right then, Nelson barged into the dojo, carrying a copy of the test results.
“Well, how did things go?” Dustin slowly raised his head.
“As you ordered, I swapped James’ body and ordered an autopsy. Here are the results.” Nelson handed the document over politely.
“I knew it.” Dustin wasn’t surprised by the results, which stated that James’ death hadn’t been a natural event.
“Sir, since we have the murder weapon and autopsy, we can prove your innocence,” Nelson said with a smile.
“Things aren’t that simple. Just having these two won’t be enough to regain someone’s trust.” Dustin shook his head.
Even with all this evidence, it wouldn’t be enough to convince Dahlia if he couldn’t catch the real murderer.
“I’ve also looked at the hospital’s surveillance footage. I didn’t find anyone suspicious the night James was hospitalized. It’ll be difficult to find the killer.” Nelson sighed.
“Keep digging. If there weren’t any suspicious outsiders, start looking into the doctors and nurses at the hospital. Go through every person who entered the ward that night” Dustin ordered gravely
“Of course, sir,” Nelson answered, and he immediately started making some calls.
“Oh, right. Today’s the third day, isn’t it? I should visit the Doyle family now.” Dustin carefully put away the black needle and slowly got up.
“Sir, why don’t you give it some thought again? If you lose, your life will be in danger!” Nelson pleaded. Of all people, Dustin had to challenge Terry. This was nothing but suicidal!
“Why do you think I’ll lose?” Dustin had a faint smile on his face.
“I don’t just think so, I know so.” Nelson nodded, his expression serious.
“Aww, have a little faith in me, Nelson.” Dustin patted Nelson’s shoulder and grinned. “It’s just Terry. Watch as I use the Doyle family as a stepping stone for our gang’s success! Come, let’s go to the Doyle family mansion!”
As noon approached, the Doyle family mansion quickly became packed with people as news about the challenge caused a huge commotion. After letting the news brew for the past three days, everyone was hyped up for the battle, and countless elite fighters flocked to the scene, eager to witness Terry’s power.
Even before dawn, tons of people had crowded the Doyle family mansion. And as if they had anticipated this, the Doyle family began selling entrance tickets at a hundred thousand dollars per ticket.
The Doyle family was clearly using this opportunity to make money while showing off their strength.
###Chapter 616 by Marina Vittori
In the Doyle family’s training grounds. “Holy shit! There are so many people!” Ruth was shocked by the amount of people that crowded
the vast space. Everywhere she looked, people were talking animatedly. Fortunately, the Doyle family martial artists were keeping everyone in line.
“Terry is a revered genius. Of course, the spotlight would be on him.” Hector smiled. “Dad, if he’s that strong, does Dustin have a winning chance?” Ruth asked nervously. “It’ll be difficult, but not impossible,” Hector answered.
“Hmph! Serves him right for being so stubborn!” Natasha’s words were harsh, but they failed to conceal her worry. She tried to persuade Dustin to surrender multiple times, but Dustin seemed unbothered.
“It doesn’t matter if he loses. It’s more important that he tries. Besides, losing to Terry Doyle isn’t humiliating.” Hector smiled again. He wasn’t interested in the duel. However, Dustin was going to be his son-in-law, so he had to come and support Dustin.
“Why, fancy seeing you here, Mr. Harmon!” A fancily dressed middle-aged man approached, smiling. The man was the head of the Doyle family, Phil Doyle. He was also Terry’s father.
“It’s been a while, Mr. Doyle,” Hector responded with a small smile. “If I remember correctly, you are not a fan of bloodshed, aren’t you? So what are you doing here?” Phil was surprised.
“I had some free time, so I brought my daughters here to watch the show. You don’t mind, do you?” Hector joked. “Of course not. It’s a pleasure to have you here. Come, have a seat.” Phil led the three of them to the east of the room, where they had a direct view of the battle ring.
Before they settled onto their seats, there was a commotion at the entrance, causing everyone to look.
An old gentleman with white hair entered the area, with several younger people following him. The old man was none other than Paul Hill.
“Oh, my God! Is this for real? Is that Sir Paul?”
“Holy shit! It is Sir Paul!”
“Even a martial arts master is here to watch the show. Today’s duel is going to be amazing!”
Paul caused a stir with his presence since everyone knew that he rarely attended any events. So by coming personally, he was obviously supporting the Doyle family
“Please forgive me for not showing you in personally, Sir Paul!” Phil was overjoyed to see Paul and quickly greeted the older man
“Greetings, Sir Paul.” Hector and his daughters quickly bowed out of respect, as well as gratitude. Hector still remembered how Paul had helped him during the birthday party.
“I’m just here to enjoy the show, so no need to fuss about me. Sit.” Paul smiled.
“Please have a seat, Sir.” Phil hurriedly led Paul to the seat in the center. That seat was supposed
to be his, but he could only let Paul have it now.
After Paul, other important guests gradually arrived as well, including the guildmaster of Boulderthorn, an elder from Greendust, the guildmaster of Autumn Wind, and other famous fighters.
The battle hadn’t even started, but tons of martial arts elites had already gathered in the arena.
###Chapter 617 by Marina Vittori
As it neared the agreed time for their battle, Dustin, Nelson, and several other men walked into the training ground. No matter which direction they looked, people were flocking around every corner In the middle of the training grounds was a large battle ring There were only a few seats surrounding the platform, so most people had no choice but to stand. This naturally meant that those who were sitting were not ordinary people, especially those sitting on the east side, where they had the best view of the arena.
Upon closer inspection, Dustin saw a few familiar faces, including Hector and his daughters, Paul and Patrick Hill, Claudia, as well as Maggie. Others seemed familiar to him, but he couldn’t recall their names.
Dustin turned his attention to those on the west side of the arena, where well–known fighters in the martial arts world sat. Many of them were strong individuals who ranked only second to Paul. “Was it necessary to put on such a huge show for a normal competition?” Dustin was puzzled. “Sir, the Doyle family is using you to show off their strength!” Nelson looked around nervously. Most of the individuals present today were strong enough to get rid of him effortlessly.
“Show off?” Dustin smirked. “You never know who might end up showing off. I hope the Doyle family doesn’t shoot themselves in the foot.”
Nelson smiled tiredly in response, thinking to himself, “Just don’t embarrass yourself too much. As long as you’re alive, our gang can always rise again.”
“You again, Dustin?” Just then, a familiar voice rang out.
Dustin turned his head and saw four familiar faces–Zoey, Adriana, Zeke, and Gordon.
“Gosh, why do we have to run into you everywhere?” Gordon hissed disdainfully.
“Ugh, I should have checked the horoscope today!” Zeke spat on the ground.
“You can always leave if you don’t want to see me.” Dustin sneered.
“Why should we do as you say? Who do you think you are?” Zoey sneered.
“A pretty boy who’s nothing without a woman.” Zeke sniggered.
“You should keep a low profile, Dustin. During the banquet last time, if it weren’t for Mr. Dylan and Lord Xenos, you’d be dead by now.” Gordon humphed
“He’s right. It’s a miracle that you’re still alive after challenging Tyler Grant. You should appreciate your life.” Zeke sneered.
In their eyes, Dustin was incredibly lucky to be alive after challenging Tyler. It was all thanks to Paul and George’s help. Still, luck wouldn’t always be on his side.
“First of all, Dylan had nothing to do with this.” Dustin began calmly. “And just because you’re afraid of Tyler, doesn’t mean I have to be. Please don’t judge me with your dim–witted opinions. It’s ridiculous.”
“Pfft. You’re acting so high and mighty now, aren’t you?” Zeke sneered. “Who do you think you are?
You’re nothing without the Harmon family’s protection”
###Chapter 618 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin, you should know where you stand. Don’t think you’re so important just because you’ve met some high–ranking people before. You’re just like salesmen who are always eyeing wealthy people.” Zoey jeered.
For some reason, there were always people who thought highly of themselves despite being nobodies.
“What the fuck are you guys talking about?” Nelson exploded before Dustin had a chance to get angry. If they had been anywhere else, the Flame Dragon Disciples would have killed these people for belittling their leader.
“Pfft! You even have bodyguards now? Are you pretending to be a big shot?” Zeke was unfazed, and he was sure that anyone following Dustin wasn’t anyone important either.
“Dustin, you should take good care of your dogs. This isn’t a place they can bark.” Gordon smirked.
“You-” “Alright, enough.” Adriana tried to calm everyone. “We’re here to watch the duel, not to fight.”
“Fine. Since Adriana is the one asking, we’ll forgive those idiotic bastards.” Gordon put on a generous font.
Still, Dustin couldn’t care less about them. He would have sent them away with a few slaps if they weren’t Natasha’s acquaintances. He wondered where they learned such vulgar behavior.
“Guys, I’m curious. Who is the leader of the Flame Dragon Gang anyway? How did he find the courage to challenge Terry Doyle?” Zoey suddenly asked.
“Well, I’ve heard about him before.” Zeke immediately chimed in. “I heard that despite his young age, he’s incredibly skilled and is Millsburg’s newest talent. He even defeated Maniac!”
“What? Even Bennet Malcom lost to him? He’s incredible!” Zoey was astonished.
Maniac was well–known in the martial arts world for his impenetrable body, and he could even fight off a hundred opponents by himself. “Of course he is! No one would simply challenge Terry Doyle like that,” Zeke stated proudly.
“I wonder if he’s a handsome fellow. I really want to get to know him,” Zoey said excitedly.
“He’s a mysterious figure who only started gaining fame recently, so although he’s popular, not many people have seen him.” Zeke shook his head.
“Actually, I know who he is,” Gordon suddenly said, adjusting his collar snobbishly.
“You know him, Gordo?” Zeke was surprised.
“I don’t just know him; we’re close acquaintances too. To tell you the truth, he only became the gang leader thanks to my help.” Gordon smiled haughtily.
“That’s surprising! I didn’t know you’d be close to someone like that. You’re awesome!” Zeke gave him a thumbs–up.
“Wow, how do you know so many people?” Zoey’s face was full of admiration.
“Oh, this is nothing.” Gordon pretended to be modest, having mastered the skill of bluffing.
“Have you gotten addicted to bragging? What does our gang leader earning his position have to do with you?” Nelson couldn’t help but retort.
“Who do you think you are to question me?” Gordon’s face darkened.
“Listen up! I’m the assistant leader of the Flame Dragon Gang, Nelson Horst!” Nelson patted himself on the chest before gesturing to Dustin. “And this is the new talent in Millsburg you’re talking about, the Flame Dragon Gang’s new leader!”
###Chapter 619 by Marina Vittori
“Flame Dragon Gang’s new leader?” Gordon and his friends glanced at Nelson and Dustin before exchanging looks and then burst out in laughter.
“Pfft! Excuse me, but did you hit your head or something?” Zoey cackled. “Did you just say that Dustin is the gang leader of Flame Dragon Gang, the new talented individual who challenged Terry Doyle? Well, you might as well say that he’s God, then!”
“Who’s this idiot? As if that bastard could possibly be someone as talented as the Flame Dragon Gang’s leader.” Zeke jeered.
“How dare you humiliate our leader! You’re dead meat!” Nelson was pissed. He started to roll up his sleeves when Dustin raised a hand to stop him!
“Forget it. There’s no point arguing with these ignorant fools.” Dustin’s target was Terry, not small fries like them.
“Yeah, right. Do you think you’re so strong?” Zeke smirked.
“Didn’t you just say that you’re the assistant gang leader and he’s the leader? Well, if that’s the case, why don’t I know the two of you?” Gordon quipped.
“He’s right. Gorgon is good friends with the Flame Dragon Gang’s leader. Did you think you’d be able to fool him? How foolish!” Zoey sneered. She was disgusted by Dustin, whom she thought was a fool, and his bragging only worsened the sentiment. A man like that deserved to be a nobody.
“What’s up with the silence? Cat got your tongue? Aren’t you going to answer Gordon?” Zeke taunted.
“You should keep a low profile if you’re useless, Dustin. Having your lie exposed must be embarrassing.” Gordon smirked.
“Ugh! Can’t you guys shut up? You’re so noisy!” Dustin stuck his pinky into his ear, annoyed. Their words didn’t have much effect.
“You-” Zeke was about to snap back when Gordon said, “Forget about it. We should help him keep his dignity, or he might do something crazy out of desperation.”
On the outside, it seemed like Gordon was trying to smooth things over, but in reality, his words were nothing short of an insult.
“Hmph! Arrogant but powerless bastards like you will be taught a lesson sooner or later!” Zeke snapped at Dustin hostilely. If it weren’t for Natasha, he would have ordered someone to teach Dustin a lesson already.
“Hey, look! It’s Terry Doyle!” Someone suddenly shouted.
Everyone turned to see a handsome man dressed in a well–fitted attire emerging from the backyard. The man’s long locks were draped over his shoulder as he marched forward confidently.
The person was none other than Terry Doyle, the person everyone had been waiting for.
“I didn’t know he was so good–looking! Oh, my God!” Zoey’s eyes twinkled.
“Compared to his looks, he’s more famous for his strength. He’s not even 30 years old yet, but he
has already made a name for himself through his battles, which earned him a spot in The Heavenly Immortals! This makes him a rare gem in the entire province!” Gordon’s eyes were filled
with envy.
“We can only look up to people like him.” Zeke sighed regretfully.
Terry’s appearance hyped the room up once more as people cast gazes of admiration toward him. Even underaged girls boldly screamed their praises for him like he was a superstar.
“Terry Doyle!” An ear–splitting voice suddenly bellowed, and that instantly silenced the crowd. Immediately after that, a man in a green shirt and hat leaped onto the stage, a long spear in his hand.
“I dare you to fight me!” The man in green pointed his spear at Terry tauntingly.
“How dare you!”
“Arrogant bastard!”
“Stupid man!”
Those from the Doyle family immediately sprung up and shouted.
###Chapter 620 by Marina Vittori
The Doyle family members angrily snapped. “Who the hell are you? How dare you make a scene here!” Three of the family’s skilled fighters leaped onto the stage, glaring at the challenger.
“Hmph, trash like you don’t deserve to know my name. Tell Terry Doyle to accept my challenge!” The man in green pointed his spear at them provokingly. “Who is this man? He’s such a dick.”
“He must have a death wish to challenge Terry Doyle. “Tsk, I guess his pride matters more than his life.” The people in the arena stared at the man and whispered to each other.
“Well, if you want to challenge Mr. Terry, you’ll have to get through us!” The three fighters from the Doyle family drew their swords and charged toward the man.
“Since all of you are so eager to die, so be it!” The man in green tightened his grip on his spear and began countering their attacks.
His astonishing speed made it hard for the three fighters to defend themselves, and one of them quickly found himself at the mercy of the spear. The Doyle family fighter paled and raised his blade to block the incoming blow, but there was a loud clang as his dark steel blade shattered from the force, and the momentum caused the spear to embed itself in his abdomen.
Before anyone could react, the man in green threw the fighter off the platform with a flick of his spear and moved on to the other two fighters. They were no match for him as well, and they ended up sprawled on the floor moments later.
“Holy shit!”
Everyone was shocked. No one expected the man in green to be so powerful.
The three fighters from the Doyle family were much stronger than the average martial artist, yet this man had defeated all three of them effortlessly, easily showing what he was capable of.
“Who’s next?” The man looked around mockingly.
“Get him!” Several Doyle family fighters weren’t happy with the results of the previous match and went forward, taking the chance to deliver the first blow.
The man in green remained unfazed as he countered their strikes mercilessly and threw those men back where they came from in seconds, astounding the crowd with his skills with the spear.
“Anyone else?” The man in green drove the butt of his spear into the ground with a resolute thud, the challenge clear in his tone. “Is this all the Balerno martial artists have to offer?”
His words infuriated the crowd.
“He’s far too arrogant! Someone should teach him a lesson!”
“F*ck, that’s it! Give me my sword!”
“How dare he look down on Balerno martial arts! We’re going to set him straight today!”
Those standing outside the arena, who were initially nothing but onlookers, began crying out in indignation. They didn’t mind him challenging the Doyle family, but to insult the Balerno martial arts? What a pompous asshole!
Thanks to his actions, the crowd was fired up. People began shouting their wishes to join the fight, determined to stand up for Balerno martial arts.
###Chapter 621 by Marina Vittori
“Let’s see what you’re made of, kid.” A burly man wielding a broadsword was the first to jump into the ring. His sword, which weighed well over 200 pounds, looked as light as a feather because of his muscular physique.
“Who are you? Do you have a death wish?” The man in green pointed his spear toward the burly man. A look of disdain on his face.
“I’m Toby Hunt, leader of Hollowblades!” In a smooth motion, the man slammed the tip of his blade into the ground, a murderous aura enveloping him, “Oh, it’s Sir Hunt. No wonder he seemed familiar.”
“Hollowblades is quite a famous guild, and Sir Hunt is known for his sword skills. I’ve heard that he’s so strong he can even cut boulders apart!”
“With Sir Hunt around, that guy’s dead meat!”
“Sir Hunt, please teach that arrogant bastard a lesson and protect Balerno martial artists‘ reputation!”
Everyone showed their support for Toby.
“Hollowblades? What’s that? I’ve never even heard of that name.” The man in green sneered, unfazed by his opponent.
“Cocky brat! I’ll make you realize that there’s always someone stronger than you!” Toby bellowed, and grabbed his sword.
The tip of his blade gouged a path along the platform’s surface as he charged toward the man in green, sparks flying from the point of contact.
“Here I come!” Toby lifted his sword and brought it down heavily, causing a whistling noise as the blade cut through the air. The force he exerted was enough to take down an elephant, much less a human.
“Fool!” Instead of sidestepping, the man in green grabbed his spear and thrust it forward. There was a loud clang as the two weapons collided with each other. Then Toby’s sword flew out of his hands, and he staggered backward from the impact.
Before Toby could process what was going on, the man in green delivered his second blow by jabbing his spear into Toby’s shoulder, and then he flicked Toby off the platform. This meant that with merely two strikes, the man in green managed to subdue Toby Hunt, the leader of Hollowblades.
“Holy shit! Even Sir Hunt is no match for him. He’s a beast!”
Everyone was aghast by what they just witnessed. Toby was a famous martial artist in the martial world; he was especially skilled with his sword, so no one expected him to lose to a young man. “Pathetic!” The man in green humphed. “Are all Balerno martial artists so weak?”
“Arrogant bastard! I’ll teach you a lesson!” Just then, a man in his twilight years jumped into the ring. His movements were swift as he lunged toward the man in green with a pair of twin swords.
Chapter 621
“Bang!” Three seconds later, the old man was also sent flying off the platform, blood splattering everywhere.
The crowd fell into stunned silence once more. Weren’t his opponents losing way too quickly?
“Get out of my way! I’ll fight him!”
“And me!”
“Fuck this shit. I’m in too!”
More people clambered to challenge the man in green, either out of anger or to defend their reputations as martial artists.
Still, no matter how many people tried attacking, none of them were a match for the man in green. In fact, most of them were easily swiped off the platform as soon as they got on. It was completely a one–sided battle.
After a while, everyone fell silent as shock and somberness replaced the arrogant shouts earlier.
###Chapter 622 by Marina Vittori
If the man had only defeated one opponent, others might have considered it was due to his luck. However, defeating several dozen opponents nonstop could only mean that he was an incredibly powerful individual.
Thanks to that, the man finally earned some recognition from the crowd. “Who is this guy? He’s so strong!”
“A man dressed in green and good at using a spear? Don’t tell me he’s the person who rose to fame in the martial world recently by challenging strong fighters–Verdant Phantom?”
“What? Verdant Phantom? I heard that even Geoffrey Vaughn, who’s in the top twenty of The Heavenly Immortals, lost to him!”
“He defeated someone as strong as Geoffrey Vaughn? He’s a monster!”
Everyone was shocked to hear his nickname. After all, the name Verdant Phantom had been gathering attention, especially after the man defeated Geoffrey Vaughn. However, since he never appeared in public, few knew what he looked like.
Everyone was surprised to learn that he would show up. They were even more shocked to see him challenging Balerno’s martial arts so openly.
“It’s your turn now, Terry Doyle!” Verdant Phantom lifted his spear and pointed its tip in Terry’s direction, turning everyone’s attention to the latter.
“Verdant Phantom is so strong. I wonder if Terry will win.”
“Terry Doyle is ranked thirteenth on The Heavenly Immortals, while Verdant Phantom was able to defeat someone who’s on the top twenty of the same list. It’s hard to guess who might win.”
“It seems like Terry Doyle finally met his match!”
The crowd gossiped nervously.
“Why? Aren’t you going to accept my challenge? Or do you plan to run away and hide?” Verdant Phantom taunted.
“How interesting.” Terry chuckled and gradually approached the platform. “I don’t know where you’re from, but you should at least let me warm up, right?”
“Warm up?” Verdant Phantom snorted. “You sure talk big for someone who’s about to meet their demise.”
“Because of you? As if.” Terry calmly stood up with his hands clasped behind his back.
“Hmph! I’ve already defeated countless martial artists on The Heavenly Immortals. You’re
nothing more than a stepping stone for my journey to reach the top of the list!” Verdant Phantom declared confidently.
No one rebutted his arrogant words after they had witnessed his strength earlier.
“Don’t tell me you think you’re on par with me just because you defeated Geoffrey Vaughn?” Terry smirked condescendingly. “The gap between each rank on The Heavenly Immortals is like a river. Compared to me, those that you defeated are about seven ranks lower than me, and that makes the gap between the two of us as vast as the ocean.”
“Those standards don’t apply to me. With my spear alone, I’ll defeat every single one of you!” Verdant Phantom smirked.
“You sure are a reckless fellow. Well, I hope you don’t disappoint me later,” Terry responded calmly.
“Enough with the chit–chat. Choose your weapon!” Verdant Phantom swung around, exuding a fierce aura.
his
spear
“My weapon? Pfft. I don’t need one against you.” Terry’s hands remained behind his back, and his nonchalant attitude showed how little he cared about his opponent.
“Since you seem keen to die, why don’t I give you a hand?” With a stomp, Verdant Phantom shot toward Terry with his spear in his grasp.
There was a glint as the spear thrust forward, its movements charged with power thanks to the true energy supplied to it. The unmatched speed and power left everyone in awe.
The tip of the spear tore through the air, leaving a shadow behind. There was even a long gouge on the ground from where the blade had been dragged past.
“What terrifying skills!”
“Terry Dole is in danger now!”
Everyone silently feared for Terry. They also realized that Verdant Phantom had been holding back against them earlier.
3
In the blink of an eye, the tip of the man’s spear made contact with Terry’s chest. However, to everyone’s astonishment, despite being struck, Terry stood his ground without flinching, enduring the ferocious attack with his body!
###Chapter 623 by Marina Vittori
“What?” The scene before the crowd caused their eyes to widen and their jaws to drop in shock. All of them had witnessed Verdant Phantom’s strength firsthand and saw how ferocious his last attack was, yet Terry had used nothing but his chest to block the blow. Was that even humanly possible?
“How can this be?” Verdant Phantom was shocked. He staggered backward, his face full of disbelief.
He had spent years perfecting that last attack, and no one had ever managed to stop it. Even Geoffrey Vaughn had lost to that attack, so he thought that he’d be able to defeat Terry with the same attack. However, Terry had stopped his attack, which should be strong enough to pierce through armor and cripple someone, with nothing but his body. And Terry was terrifyingly calm about it.
“Is this all you’ve got? How disappointing.” Terry shook his head. “Don’t be so full of yourself. I don’t believe you’re immune to all physical attacks!” Verdant Phantom gritted his teeth before stabbing Terry with full force.
A mighty stream of true energy flowed out of his body and into his spear, turning its tip bright red. “Rot in hell!” Verdant Phantom yelled before driving his spear into Terry’s chest.
A loud clang rang out instantly. Terry seemed unfazed by the attack. On the contrary, the other man’s spear had bent under the force.
“That’s it?” Terry smirked. He grabbed hold of the spearhead and clenched his fist. Metal creaked under his grip as he broke the other man’s spear.
“What?” Verdant Phantom was appalled. He never imagined that Terry would be unscathed after receiving his strongest attack. Their power difference was too great!
“You’re too weak. Go back and practice for a few more years.” Terry threw the bent spear aside and planted a foot into the abdomen of Verdant Phantom, who groaned as his body flew backward before slamming into a wall and passing out on impact.
In the end, Verdant Phantom lost!
“Well done!”
“Woo-hoo!”
After a pause, applause and roars of approval rang out. Terry’s strength had earned him the audience’s respect.
Verdant Phantom? So what? And what if that man defeated Geoffrey Vaughn? He had still lost to Terry.
“As expected of Terry Doyle. He got rid of Verdant Phantom so easily.”
“No wonder he’s ranked thirteenth on The Heavenly Immortals.”
###Chapter 624 by Marina Vittori
How were they going to win against a monster like Terry? “What do you think of Terry’s performance, Sir Paul?” Phil was beaming from ear to ear after witnessing his son’s outstanding show.
“Not bad. He’s a talented one indeed.” Paul gave a small smile. “I have a feeling that he will become a Grandmaster martial artist in the next decade.”
Paul’s words shocked everyone. Grandmaster martial artists were extremely rare. Even in Balerno, where several hundred million people resided, there had only ever been five Grandmaster martial artists. And each of them had made a name for themselves with their strength.
Terry’s talent must be truly incredible if Paul was willing to give such high praise. “You flatter him, Sir Paul. My son might be talented, but he still needs work.” Phil’s words may seem modest, but he failed to hide the grin on his face.
As long as his son became a Grandmaster martial artist within the next decade, the Doyle family would be invincible! In fact, they might very well become a part of the Tremendous Three-no, the
Tremendous Four.
“As they say, the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. Congratulations, Mr. Doyle.” Hector, who was
sitting beside them, congratulated them.
Other influential figures clambered to sing their praises, well aware of how strong a Grandmaster martial artist was. After all, the Hill family was only so influential because of Paul, and that was what it meant to be a Grandmaster martial artist.
“Sis, if Terry is so strong, doesn’t that guarantee that Dustin will lose?” Ruth asked worriedly. Terry’s performance earlier had wiped away whatever hope she held.
“If I remember correctly, someone was going to challenge me to a duel today.” Just then, Terry spoke. He surveyed the room, looking for his target.
“Challenge him? After seeing what happened to Verdant Phantom, there’s no way that gang leader would show up.”
“Pfft! Seeing how that guy hasn’t appeared yet, I’m sure he’s retreated with his tail between his legs.”
“If he’s already here, he might as well show his face, right? Rather than hiding like a coward.”
The crowd smirked and began bad-mouthing Dustin, assuming that he hadn’t appeared due to
fear.
“Dustin, didn’t you say that you were the leader of the Flame Dragon Gang? Why haven’t you gone up yet?” Gordon’s eyes shot to Dustin, a smirk hanging off his lips.
“Hey, you were talking big earlier. Why are you keeping silent now?” Zoey crossed her arms, sneering.
“Hey, Rhys. Someone’s calling you. You should get up there.” Zeke taunted.
“That’s none of your business!” Nelson shouted with a glare.
“What a bunch of losers! You guys are all bark and no bite. How disappointing.” Zeke ridiculed.
“Where did you find the balls to pretend to be the leader of the Flame Dragon Gang?” Zoey sniggered,
“Don’t tell me you’re scared, Dustin. Where did your courage go? Don’t you have dignity as a man?” Gordon taunted.
“Since you guys seem hell-bent on provoking me, I might as well do as you wish.” Dustin nodded. and turned toward the ring.
“Is that guy really going to go up there?” Zoey was astonished.
Gordon scoffed. “He’s just putting on a show. I bet he’s going to walk into the crowd and then run away.”
“Exactly. If he goes up there, I’ll eat my own shit while doing a handstand!” Zeke smirked. Soon, their smiles dropped when they realized that Dustin had gotten into the ring.
###Chapter 625 by Marina Vittori
“No way. He went up?” Zoey and the others stopped smiling as they watched Dustin get onto the arena, their faces frozen in shock.
They never expected Dustin to actually go into the ring, thinking that he was merely bluffing. Still, did he have a death wish?
“Hey, you! Weren’t you going to eat your shit while doing a handstand? Go ahead.” Nelson suddenly spoke. Zeke stiffened awkwardly. It had merely been an offhanded comment. He never imagined that Dustin would be so bold, so his words were coming back to bite him in the ass. Zoey suddenly thought of something. “Hang on. Dustin isn’t the Flame Dragon Gang’s leader, is he?
Besides the leader of the Flame Dragon Gang, who else would dare to challenge Terry? “Impossible! There’s no way a loser like him can be Flame Dragon Gang’s leader.” Gordon immediately protested.
I guess you’re going to keep being stubborn, eh? Well, let me show you.” Nelson sneered before fishing out a badge and slapping it against Gordon’s face.
“You” Just as Gordon was about to start cursing, he took a closer look at the badge and was startled into silence..
The badge belonged to none other than the Flame Dragon Gang! “Have you finally opened your eyes, you piece of shit? What more do you have to say?” Nelson raised his chin defiantly, rendering Gordon and his friends speechless.
The Flame Dragon Emblem was more than enough evidence, and Dustin’s bold actions only further solidified the fact. However, it was hard for them to accept that the man they had been praising for defeating Maniac was the boy toy they despised.
“Hey, kid. Didn’t you say you were friends with our leader? So, do you know him well?” Nelson sniggered.
Gordon’s face instantly reddened from embarrassment. When his friends turned their gazes toward him, he was so humiliated that he wanted to run and hide. After all, there was nothing. more embarrassing than having your lie exposed in public.
“Cat got your tongue? Weren’t you so full of yourself earlier? Say, how does it feel to be exposed?” Nelson taunted.
“You “Gordon gritted his teeth and swallowed his words since he knew that he would only further embarrass himself if he spoke more.
“So what if Dustin is the leader of the Flame Dragon Gang? He’s still going to lose to Terry Doyle!” Zeke humphed disdainfully.
“He’s right. Only an idiot would challenge Terry Dole!” Zoey echoed, finding any reason to retort Nelson.
Gordon smirked. “His biggest mistake was trying to show off. Let’s see how he meets his end later!”
Although he still felt humiliated, the thought of Dustin beaten into a pulp pleased him greatly.
Meanwhile, in the ring, Dustin’s appearance had drawn much attention, and people were eager to see how the show would unfold.
“Are you Dustin Rhys, leader of the Flame Dragon Gang?” Terry’s hands were clasped behind his back as he gave Dustin a scornful look over.
“I am.” Dustin nodded.
“I can’t tell if you’re brave or stupid for challenging me.”
###Chapter 626 by Marina Vittori
Terry shook his head with a smile. “Don’t tell me you’re trying to use me to make a name for yourself.”
It wouldn’t be the first time someone did something like that. Terry had encountered many who challenged him in hopes of using their victory to boost their reputation, just like Vardant Phantom. Still, all those people eventually lost to him.
“Let me make this clear. I’m not interested in making a name for myself. I decided to challenge you to save myself the trouble by settling things with your family once and for all,” Dustin answered calmly.
“Settle things with us? And how do you intend to do that?” Terry had a small smile.
“Simple. If I defeat you today, you and your family have to stop meddling in my life,” Dustin answered straightforwardly.
“Defeat me? Pfft!” Terry was surprised by Dustin’s words and burst out laughing. The audience also laughed mockingly along with Terry.
It would be a miracle if Dustin could come out of this battle alive, but to think he could defeat
Terry? What an idiot!
“He’s an interesting fellow, but he’s too arrogant.” Phil was unbothered by Dustin’s words.
“Insolent fool. Even Verdant Phantom was easily defeated, so what makes him think that he stood a chance against Terry?” Maggie humphed scomfully.
“I’ve done what I could to stop you, but you wouldn’t listen.” Claudia shook her head. She had only advised Dustin because of Sheila, but Dustin refused to listen and even dared to see his challenge through after watching what happened to Verdant Phantom, so he must be an idiot.
“Sir Paul, do you think Dustin has a winning chance?” Hector asked out of the blue.
“We’ll find out soon.” Paul smiled but didn’t give a straight answer.
“Mr. Harmon, you must be joking. That brat is just a nobody. There’s no way he could win.” Phil
smirked.
“Just because he’s not famous doesn’t mean he’s not capable. Since he dared to challenge your son, I’m sure he’s confident in his skills.” Hector protested.
“Since you seem to have faith in him, why don’t we have a bet?” Phil wore a smile.
“What are we betting with?” Hector didn’t refuse.
“I’ve been eyeing your antique pottery for some time now. Let’s go with that.” Phil got straight to the point.
“I must say, you’re quite greedy, my friend. The treasure you picked is worth over three billion dollars. But what will you put on the line?”
“I’m not a narrow-minded person. Even since our family’s founding, we’ve kept an ancient manuscript called the Tempest of the Eighteen Swords’. I’ll bet that. What do you think?”
“But that’s your family heirloom. Are you sure?” Hector was astonished.
“Tempest of the Eighteen Swords” was a book that contained information about a top-grade martial arts sword technique and has existed ever since the Doyle family was established. Usually, only the leader and his heir had the right to read it, while others in the family couldn’t even catch a glimpse of it. In fact, an internal conflict had happened before just because of this book, so it was easy to guess how valuable it was.
“Of course. So, do you agree to the bet?” Phil smiled. He had dared to bet his family heirloom since he was confident that his son would win. And since the winner was certain, he didn’t mind betting on something so valuable when there was no way it would fall into Hector’s hands.
“Since you put such a precious item into the bet, I’ll agree to it. Let’s see who wins.” Hector agreed. readily.
If Dustin lost the battle, Hector would merely lose an antique. However, if Dustin did win, Hector would finally get his hands on a rare sword technique manuscript that could vastly strengthen the shadow guards, thus fueling his entire family’s overall martial arts force.
There was no way Hector was going to let this opportunity slip through his fingers.
###Chapter 627 by Marina Vittori
Both Terry and the audience sniggered at what Dustin had said. Everyone assumed that Dustin wouldn’t even be able to withstand three blows, much less defeat Terry.
“What are you laughing at? Is it that funny?” Dustin asked calmly, unbothered by the audience’s attitude. “What do you think?” Terry’s smile didn’t falter. “Do you really think you’ll win?”
“Why not? Do you think you’re better than everyone else? Why are you naturally assuming that you won’t lose?” Dustin retorted.
“Pfft! I don’t know where you found the balls to ask me that, but it’s fine. I’ll show you how different we are!” Terry beckoned Dustin with a finger and smirked. “Come on. I’ll let you have three shots at me. Let’s see what you’ve got.”
“You better not do that. Last time, Bennet Malcom said the same thing, and he’s still stuck in bed. right now.” Dustin reminded.
“Bennet is merely my subordinate. As if he’s a match for me.” Terry feigned a smile.
“Both of you are the same to me since the outcome won’t be any different,” Dustin answered frankly.
“What?” Terry’s smile gradually fell. He had seen many arrogant people like Verdant Phantom, but Dustin was different from them. Dustin wasn’t only reckless and arrogant; he was also looking down on Terry. Dustin’s calm expression and unbothered attitude were infuriating.
Terry couldn’t help feeling like he was being humiliated. How dare a nobody like Dustin looked
down on him!
“That idiot! There’s no way Bennet’s skills are anywhere near Terry’s.” Maggie snorted from where she sat.
“He’s too naive if he thinks he can defeat Terry just because he defeated Bennet.” Next to Maggie, Claudia shook her head. If she had to say, Terry was ten times stronger than Bennet, and the difference between Dustin and the former was as clear as day.
“Ha, that bastard is still as arrogant as usual! He still has no idea what he’s gotten himself into.” Gordon jeered.
“The more he pisses Terry off, the worse his outcome will be. He’s just digging his own grave at this point.” Zeke smirked.
“Dustin is not as astute as he needs to be, so it serves him right if he dies today!” Zoey crossed her
arms.
Although they finally discovered Dustin’s identity, none of them thought that he had a chance of winning.
“I’ve already given you a chance. Since you don’t seem to appreciate it, don’t blame me for whatever happens!” Terry’s face darkened, and his aura turned murderous.
“Go ahead. I’m curious to see how strong the person ranked thirteenth on The Heavenly Immortals
now is.” Dustin beckoned.
When Dustin fought his way to the top of The Heavenly Immortals ten years ago, all of his
opponents had been talented and skilled individuals, so he wondered if those on the current list were just as strong.
“You seem eager to die, so I’ll do you a favor!” Terry drew his right hand back and curled his fingers into a claw. Air whirled around and gathered in his palm as his true energy was condensed to form an energy bullet. When the energy bullet finally reached the size of an apple, Terry leaped forward, and there was a loud explosion as the white energy bullet was flung toward Dustin.
Usually, one could gauge a martial artist’s strength based on the size of their energy bullets, and Terry’s happened to be unbelievably sturdy and held massive destructive power.
Dustin’s feet didn’t move an inch despite the incoming attack. Instead, he tilted his head to the side. The energy bullet missed his cheek by a hair’s breadth and slammed into the tree trunk. behind him. The force of the attack sent shivers down the audience’s spine.
“Hmm?”
Terry narrowed his eyes when he saw Dustin escape his attack, and he struck out once more.
###Chapter 628 by Marina Vittori
There was a loud whoosh as a larger and quicker energy bullet blasted in the direction of Dustin’s chest. Dustin kept his feet firmly planted on the ground and leaned backward, his back arched. The energy bullet flew over his face and slammed into the same tree. He pushed himself off the ground with one hand and stood back up, unharmed.
Terry frowned. He had thought he’d be able to end this battle easily, yet Dustin had surprised him by dodging his attacks twice. “If this is all you’ve got, then I have to say, I’m disappointed,” Dustin said nonchalantly..
Hearing this, Terry’s expression hardened in anger. No one has ever treated him with such disrespect and condescension. “No way. He’s looking down on Terry Doyle?”
“He managed to dodge those two attacks thanks to luck. And Mr. Terry went easy on him, or he would be dead by now!”
“Mr. Terry, don’t go easy on him!”
The audience shouted in indignation. “I was going to let you live, but it seems like that’s unnecessary now.” Terry put one foot in front of the other before springing toward Dustin.
The true energy that burst forth was enough to easily kill those weaker than him without having
to touch them. However, there was a flaw in this move. If a person’s opponent is on the same level as them, the attack’s effects were greatly reduced. And since it was impossible to change the trajectory of the blow, their opponents could easily predict their moves and jump out of the way.
Therefore, a battle between Divine-level martial artists meant that fighters must use their bodies to defeat their opponents. In these cases, factors like weapons, skills, and true energy were pivotal
to one’s success.
“You’re dead meat!” As soon as Terry got closer to Dustin, he gathered his true energy and threw out a punch. There was a thunderous boom as the air around them started flowing, and a vortex of true energy enveloped Terry’s fist.
The terrifying pressure caused the audience to shudder as they struggled to breathe.
“What a powerful strike!”
“Now that Terry is getting serious, that guy’s doomed for sure!”
“No way! Is that guy going to take Terry Doyle’s attack just like that?”
Just as Terry’s fist was about to land, Dustin finally made a move. Under the crowd’s disbelieving gazes, he stood his ground and threw a punch against Terry’s fist.
“Ignorant fool!” Maggie smirked, pleased.
“He might still have a chance if he ducks, but if he’s going to face the attack head-on, then he’s at dead man.” Claudia shook her head, sure that the winner was Terry.
“Let’s see what happens to you now!” Gordon and his friends gloated and eagerly waited for Dustin to be blown away.
“Mr. Harmon, I’m afraid your guy is doomed.” Phil sniggered.
Hector seemed unbothered by Phil’s words. However, Natasha had gone as white as a sheet. Her fists were tightly clenched as her eyes remained glued to the ring. Would Dustin be able to withstand Terry’s attack at full force?
Finally, the two fists collided with each other. There was an ear-splitting bang as the entire place began to shake. A blast of true energy burst out and spread throughout the place, whipping up shrill winds.
After the onslaught, Dustin seemed completely unscathed, while Terry staggered backward, nearly falling off the stage, shocking everyone.
###Chapter 629 by Marina Vittori
Terry staggered back from the impact, his heavy stomps leaving footprints on the solid ground. By the time he managed to stabilize himself, his face was completely pale, despite his rapid. heartbeat. Sweat had formed on his forehead, and the edges of his shirt were frayed. There was even blood dripping from his fist. What a miserable sight.
“What?” The crowd had been stunned into silence. None of them could have imagined that Terry might be at a disadvantage when it came to physical fights. This was unbelievable!
“N-no way! Terry got pushed back?” Maggie was flabbergasted.
Claudia was shocked as well. “I didn’t know Dustin was so strong.” If she hadn’t seen it for herself, she would have never believed that someone managed to withstand Terry’s attack and even came out somewhat victorious.
“I-impossible! How can someone like him be so powerful?” Gordon and the other two were
dumbfounded. The scenario they had in their minds was Dustin being destroyed with one punch, so why was he winning against Terry?
“What?” Phil sat up straight, and his expression fell. There was no way his genius son was losing to a nobody. What would become of their family if Terry were to lose? Worse, Phil had made a bet with Hector using “Tempest of the Eighteen Swords, so the consequences would be devastating.
“As expected.” Hector smiled, pleasantly surprised. He knew that there was no way Dustin would recklessly challenge Terry if he wasn’t confident in himself.
Things are getting interesting.” Paul stroked his beard, fascinated. For Dustin to be so skilled at medicine and martial arts at such a young age, Paul was sure that there was more to Dustin than
meets the eye.
“Did you see that, Sis? Dustin is winning!” Ruth jumped up excitedly.
“Of course, I saw. I’m not blind.” Natasha heaved a sigh of relief, the smile returning to her face. “I told you he’d win, but you wouldn’t believe me.”
“When did you say that? I can’t remember anymore.” Ruth stared at Natasha quizzically.
“It doesn’t matter.” Natasha glared at her sister, who pouted.
Ruth mumbled to herself, “Are all women like this? Their moods are so unpredictable.”
Back in the arena, Terry coughed as he tried to suppress the energy churning within his body. His expression was terrifying. He felt sorry for himself as the audience criticized him. Ever since he became famous, no one has ever successfully hurt him. Today, however, an accident occurred, and it was a blow to both his dignity and skills.
His reputation would be ruined if he didn’t get rid of Dustin completely.
Abruptly, Terry burst out laughing wildly. “You’re strong; I’ll give you that. I underestimated you earlier. With your capabilities, you could easily make your way into the top twenty of The Heavenly Immortals. Unfortunately, your opponent is me. To tell you the truth, I’ve been hiding my true strength since three years ago as I underwent all sorts of training. So far, none of my opponents have been strong enough for me to want to take off these shackles and use my full
###Chapter 630 by Marina Vittori
“Today, I’ll show you how terrifying the power I’ve been saving up for the past three years is!” Terry began removing his clothes, revealing the dark steel weights underneath that covered his body like armor. There were even a few attached to his limbs.
Under everyone’s disbelieving gazes, Terry gradually took off those weights, which landed on the ground with solid thuds that made people shudder.
“Holy smokes, he’s a beast! Who would have thought that he was moving around with several hundred pounds of weight.”
“Usually, it’s hard to even walk with those tied around one’s body, yet he’s been walking normally and even fighting! What a monster.”
“If he’s that strong with limitations, what would happen if he took them off?”
“I can only say that he’s terrifying!”
The audience gossiped, shocked at how strict Terry was with himself. No one would like to wear clothes that weighed a few hundred pounds.
“No wonder Dustin seemed to have an edge over Terry. Terry has been holding himself back. Now that his restrictions are gone, I’m sure he’ll win!” Maggie regained her confidence.
“There’s a reason he’s ranked thirteenth on The Heavenly Immortals.” Claudia couldn’t help but respect Terry. Being a genius was nothing new, but it was always harder to accept when a genius was working harder than ordinary people.
“See? There’s no way Terry would lose. He was just holding himself back.” The smiles returned to Gordon, Zeke, and Zoey’s faces when they found an excuse they could use.
“As expected of my son, he left a card up his sleeve. He’ll win now.” Phil let out a relieved sigh now that the manuscript seemed safe.
“It seems like Dustin will be in trouble again.” Natasha and Ruth’s expressions turned grave once more. They never thought that Terry might be hiding his true strength.
“Much better…” After removing his burdens, Terry began stretching, and a confident smile returned to his face. “To be able to force me to use my full strength, you should be proud to lose to me.”
It took Terry three years to get to where he was, so it was finally time to see the fruits of his labor.
“Don’t speak too soon. This doesn’t change anything.” Dustin shook his head.
“You still don’t seem to understand the situation right now. Without those weights, my speed and power will greatly increase. I’ll even let you in on a secret. Fist fights aren’t my forte-swords are!” Terry opened his palm, and a sword that a servant had been holding onto flew into his palm, instantly strengthening his aura to the point that those standing blocks away could feel it.
“My sword is unbreakable, and today, you’ll have the honor of dying from it. You should be proud!” Terry tightened his grip on the hilt before he sprang toward Dustin, his speed so fast that the naked eye couldn’t follow up and left an after-image.
“He’s so quick!” The audience was startled.
The average martial artist could no longer catch sight of his blade due to its speed, but its murderous quality was enough to frighten them.
“You’re dead meat!” With the aid of his sword, Terry was unstoppable.
Right before the tip of the sword could piece through Dustin’s chest, two fingers reached out to pinch the blade, bringing Terry’s attack to a halt. Instantly, whatever murderous aura there was vanished.
###Chapter 631 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Terry was astounded to see that his attack had been stopped. After taking off the weights, his strength and speed would have multiplied tremendously. And to win against Dustin, he even exposed his greatest weapon, his sword. All of this was to ensure his victory against Dustin. However, despite going at Dustin at full force, the latter managed to stop his attack with nothing. but two fingers!
Was Dustin even human?
“I-impossible!” Terry’s eyes widened as he lost his mind. He began swinging his sword at Dustin nonstop, and the force whipped the air in the arena, causing dust to engulf the place.
Terry’s continuous blows brought more gouges to the ground until the floor resembled a spider web.
“Die! You have to die!” Terry roared. His attacks picked up speed and became more lethal.
Dustin, who was unfazed by the onslaught, dodged and avoided Terry’s attacks by twisting his upper body. His feet were still firmly planted on the ground. He would only block attacks with his hands when there was nowhere for him to dodge.
The battle in the ring was getting more intense, yet the audience was completely befuddled.
Due to Terry and Dustin’s high speed, all they could see were shadows and after-images of the two of them. And because of how dangerous Terry’s sword aura was to regular martial artists, the crowd had no choice but to scuttle backward and watch the battle from afar.
“Claudia, I can’t see anything. Can you?” Maggie struggled to identify the two men.
“I can’t either. They are both way stronger than me” Claudia shook her head. She was still a High- level martial artist, and although she was much stronger than the average martial artist. She still had a long way to go compared to Divine-level martial artists. In fact, she was nothing compared.
to them.
“Terry should be the one with the upper hand, right?” Maggi asked tentatively.
“Judging from the magnitude of the destruction, it seems like it.” Claudia nodded. “Terry’s sword skill is ruthless, and he also has an ace card-Tempest of the
Eighteen Swords. If he uses that, no one would be able to stop him.”
“Great!” Maggie was thrilled to hear that. Although she didn’t have the right to learn that technique, she had heard of it before. It was the Doyle family’s greatest treasure; it had been. around since the family’s foundation and was to be used as a last resort when someone had been cornered with no way of escaping.
There were rumors that the sword technique in the manuscript increased in power at each level, and so far, no one has ever withstood the last level before.
Maggie believed that as long as Terry used it, he would win the battle easily.
“Fuck. I can’t even tell who’s who anymore.” Zeke stood on tiptoes and peered over the crowd’s head. “Gordon, do you think Terry will win?”
“Of course, he will!” Gordon answered confidently. “Dustin might be skilled, but he’s still a country bumpkin with no power. Terry is different. As the future head of the Doyle family who’s received training from the greatest masters, I’m sure he still has a card up his sleeve that he’s hiding.”
“That’s true.” Zeke nodded his head, relieved. As a martial arts family, the Doyle family had a powerful legacy and many martial arts manuscripts that could help one easily defeat their opponent.
###Chapter 632 by Marina Vittori
As long as Terry wanted to, it shouldn’t be hard for him to defeat Dustin. “Sir Paul, who do you think will win?” Hector suddenly turned his attention to Paul, who sat in the middle. “The one with a ninety percent chance,” Paul answered with a smile, his eyes crinkling.
“Ninety percent?” Phil smiled. “You’ve got a good eye, Sir Paul. You could tell that my son had an ace up his sleeve, so he should be able to win.”
Phil had been getting worried that his son might lose, but Paul’s words reassured him. As a Grandmaster martial artist, no one would dare question what Paul said, so if Paul said that there’s a ninety percent winning chance, it must be true. Although there was ten percent left, it was more than enough for him.
Paul glanced at Phil, who was full of confidence, but didn’t say anything, a knowing smile on his face. “Tempest of the Eighteen Swords!” A voice bellowed from the platform as the air turned heavy. Instantly, the entire platform began to shake as cracks spread everywhere.
“Terry is finally going to use his best move! That’s the end of that bastard!” Maggie shouted animatedly.
“One doesn’t use ‘Tempest of the Eighteen Swords unless extremely necessary, but when they do, their opponents will definitely die.” Claudia narrowed her eyes.
“Let’s see what you’ll do now!” Gordon and his friends’ eyes were glued to the ring, not wanting to miss seeing Dustin get defeated.
“Are things finally going to end now?” Phil smirked. Although Dustin had surprised him several. times, the man was still no match for his son.
“As long as you withstand this blow, you’ll still have a chance to turn things around. Good luck!” Hector’s fists clenched as he silently prayed for Dustin. Natasha and her sister were also waiting anxiously after hearing that Dustin only had a ten percent chance of living.
“You’ve got to hold on, Sir Rhys! We’re depending on you!” Nelson and his men were worried for Duntin. They knew that if their leader lost, the Doyle family was going to completely get rid of their gang.
“Tempest of the Eighteen Swords’! It’s time for you to die!” Terry shouted. He gathered all his strength into a single strike and swung his blade toward Dustin.
Bang! The cracked arena began crumbling. Dust and debris flew into the air, making it hard for people to keep their eyes open. After some time, the dust finally settled, and only one man was standing among the wreckage- Terry.
“We won!” The Doyle family was overjoyed to see this, and the audience began cheering.
“You’re amazing, Mr. Terry!”
“No wonder he’s ranked thirteenth on The Heavenly Immortals!” “Today’s battle was eye-opening. He is indeed a genius.”
The audience was grinning widely as they sang praises to him. Terry smiled from where he stood atop the wreckage. Suddenly, he doubled over and spat out a mouthful of blood before collapsing to the ground.
###Chapter 633 by Marina Vittori
The audible thud when Terry fell to the ground silenced everyone, effectively cutting off all laughter and cheers. The crowd shared dismayed looks, unable to comprehend what just happened. What was going on? Didn’t Terry win? Why did he spit out blood? Had it merely been a narrow win?
Just as everyone was stuck in disbelief, a silhouette slowly walked out of the ruined arena. Even the dust in the air seemed to disperse and create a path for him.
When the person reached the top of the platform, the audience could finally see Dustin’s handsome face. Dustin stood proudly with his hands in his pocket as he studied his unconscious opponent calmly.
Meanwhile, everyone’s jaw dropped. They thought that Terry had been the one who won, but things have completely changed. Terry was lying on the ground, injured. While Dustin was completely unscathed. It was obvious who the winner was.
“N-no way! Terry Doyle lost?” “Holy smokes! Balerno’s martial art genius and the thirteenth person on The Heavenly Immortals lost to a nobody?”
“Who the hell is that guy? How was he able to injure Mr. Terry? That’s insane!”
There was an uproar as everyone stared at Dustin like he was a monster. Although it was hard for them to come to terms with the fact that Terry had lost, what they saw wasn’t a lie. Terry had been completely destroyed!
“I-impossible! There’s no way Terry would lose to that guy. My eyes must be deceiving me!” Maggie shook her head and rubbed her eyes, trying to deny what she saw. She refused to believe that a mere nobody had taken down the genius in their family.
“When did he become so strong?” Claudia’s eyes widened in shock. She thought that Dustin was just a normal Divine-level martial artist who could only defeat someone of Bennet’s caliber. Instead, he had completely triumphed over Terry. Had she been looking down on the wrong person this entire time?
“H-he won? How is that possible?” Gordon was aghast, his eyes filled with disbelief.
“He actually survived!” Zeke was sweating buckets now.
“He wasn’t bluffing.” Zoey gulped, unable to remain calm.
“Natasha wasn’t wrong. He is different.” Adriana mumbled to herself, her eyes fixed on Dustin.
“H-he won? Our leader won?” After getting over the shock, Nelson leaped up and began hugging his men. From now on, their gang was going to become more powerful than ever!
“Sis, he won! Dustin won!” Ruth cheered excitedly.
“Of course, he did. There’s no way my man would lose.” Natasha’s shock turned to pride, and she lifted her head haughtily. All she hoped for was for Dustin to come back to her safely, but she
never imagined he would give her such a big surprise.
“I knew there was more to that guy.” Hector smiled, relieved. Although he was sure that Dustin came prepared, it was still difficult to defeat Terry.
“I-impossible! How did my son lose?” Phil was devastated. He spun around and looked at Paul, “Sir Paul, didn’t you say that my son had a ninety percent chance of winning? How did things come to this?”
###Chapter 634 by Marina Vittori
“I think you misunderstood something here,” Paul responded calmly. “I said Dustin had a ninety percent chance of winning. Your son only had ten.”
“What?” Phil stiffened. It turned out that everything had been in his head. Still, he couldn’t understand or accept how a nobody like Dustin was able to defeat his son, who was a genius. “Mr. Doyle, thank you for Tempest of the Eighteen Swords’,” Hector suddenly said, causing Phil’s face to darken.
Phil thought that today’s battle would work in their favor by boosting their reputation. However, not only had his son lost the battle, he also lost their family heirloom. It was a devastating loss!
Dustin’s victory also taught everyone something. There was always someone far stronger than you, even if you were the strongest person around. Also, from today onward, Balerno martial arts. would see a dark horse, someone more talented and stronger than Terry.
“Useless fools!” Tyler Grant, who stood amidst the audience wearing a mask, humphed and walked away. He hid his identity because he thought he’d get to see an amusing show, yet Terry had been. useless and couldn’t even defeat a pretty boy like Dustin. It was such a waste of time!
Back at the wreckage, Dustin looked at Terry below him and reminded, “You’ve lost. Remember what I said earlier? Your family better stay out of my way from now on.” He turned to walk off the
stage.
“No! I haven’t lost yet!” Gritting his teeth, Terry clambered to his feet wildly.
“Go to hell!” Locking his eyes on Dustin’s back, Terry grabbed his sword and thrust it toward
Dustin.
“Watch out!” Natasha cried out, but it was too late.
Terry’s attack was too quick and silent, making it hard to detect. So, before anyone realized what was going on, the tip of Terry’s sword was already pressing into Dustin’s back.
“Haha, I’m still the winner in the end!” Terry cackled.
Quickly, his laughter stopped and his smile froze when he realized that his sturdy blade hadn’t even hurt Dustin. It didn’t even impale the man’s flesh.
Terry wanted to turn things around? What a joke.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Dustin snapped, slowly turning his head.
This was an open battle where everyone had seen the results, so how dare Terry tried to pull a fast one on him! Were all Doyle family members so shameless?
“Die! Die! Rot in hell!” True energy burst forth from Terry and into his sword as he tried to piece through Dustin’s body, and the blade eventually bent under the force.
Still, no matter how hard Terry tried, he just couldn’t injure Dustin.
“Fool!” Dustin humphed. He stopped going easy on Terry and planted his fist into Terry’s abdomen.
There was a bang at Terry’s abdomen, and his core shattered to pieces. Terry flew backward from
the force like a ragdoll, blood spurting everywhere. It caused an uproar among the crowd when his body landed in the audience zone, and the Doyle family’s blood started boiling after seeing how Terry’s core was destroyed.
###Chapter 635 by Marina Vittori
After failing to sneak up on Dustin, Terry was thrown into the air, where he landed right beside Phil, who was infuriated to see his son injured and bleeding uncontrollably. “You piece of shit! How dare you hurt my son!”
“Are you blind or something? He snuck up on me, so I merely defended myself,” Dustin answered.
“Nonsense!” Phil yelled. “The winner hadn’t been determined yet. You were the one who left your back open to your opponent, so it was fair and just!”
Although his son had been in the wrong, there was no way he could admit that now.
“Fine. Since the winner hadn’t been determined yet, there shouldn’t be a problem since I attack him normally.” Dustin retorted.
“Of course, there is! You deliberately injured my son!” Phil seethed
“This is how the martial world works. You’re putting your life at stake when you accept a challenge. Your son got hurt because he wasn’t strong enough. Your family is a martial arts family. Don’t tell me you’re sore losers?” Dustin sneered.
“You!” Phil’s blood boiled.
“You sneaky bastard!” Maggie stood up. “Don’t waste time arguing with him, Uncle Phil! He destroyed Terry’s core. We must make him pay!”
“That’s right! There’s no way we’d let him walk out after hurting our family’s genius!”
“That brat is a danger to society. We need to get rid of him!”
The Doyle family yelled, their eyes showing their animosity toward Dustin. Terry had been their hope, and he even had a chance at becoming a Grandmaster martial artist. To learn that his core had been destroyed and he had lost all his powers was a huge blow to the family.
“It’s fine that he snuck up on me and tried to kill me, but I’m not supposed to defend myself? You guys are shameless!” Dustin jeered.
“How dare you!” The Doyle family was flustered and humiliated.
“Take that bastard down now!” Phil bellowed.
“Anyone who approaches me will die.” Dustin glanced around the room coolly. The Doyle family fighters shuddered when they met his gaze. How were they supposed to win against someone who defeated Terry Doyle?
“Why are you guys panicking? There are so many of us, and only one of him. We’ll defeat him, no matter how long it takes. Take him down!” Phil ordered once more.
“Wait!” Hector suddenly stood up. “Mr. Doyle, accidents are normal during duels. Don’t you think that you’re overreacting?”
“Precisely. A loss is a loss. How could you demand revenge? In public too! That’s awful.” Ruth was displeased.
“Aren’t you worried about what people will think when they find out that such a well-established
1.2
family was manipulating the truth and bullying others?” Natasha humphed.
“Mr. Harmon, this is my family’s affair. It has nothing to do with you.” Phil frowned.
“Well, to tell you the truth, Dustin is an honored guest in our family. So our family wouldn’t let such unjust treatment slide,” Hector responded calmly.
“This is going to turn into a blood feud. Are you sure you want to get caught up in this mess?” Phil demanded.
“Mr. Doyle, everyone here saw what happened. If you insist on doing things your way, I’m afraid you’ll incur their wrath.” Hector tried to knock some sense into Phil.
Everyone here was either a celebrity or a well-known martial artist. If the Doyle family were to retaliate unjustly in front of everyone, their reputation would be ruined.
“Alright, that’s enough.”
###Chapter 636 by Marina Vittori
Paul, who had been silent the entire time, finally spoke up. “Mr. Doyle, there are rules that should be kept. Since your son was the one who accepted the challenge, he should accept whatever consequences there are.”
“But, my son-” Phil wanted to protest but stopped when he met Paul’s icy glare. “Do you plan to be condemned by everyone?”
“No, sir.” Phil gritted his teeth and lowered his head. In terms of status and power, the Doyle family was no match for Paul.
“Mr. Doyle, you should send your son to Stonearay Order immediately. He might still have hope if Dr. Watkins takes a look at him,” Paul reminded.
“Hurry! Get the car ready!” Coming to his senses, Phil gathered his son into his arms and dashed. out of the arena, the rest of the Doyle family members following closely behind. Receiving treatment was the most important thing right now.
“Hi, mind if I have a word with you?” Paul turned his attention to Dustin.
“It would be my honor.” Dustin nodded and followed Paul out the door.
Once the two men were gone, gossip rose once more.
“What an outstanding battle!”
“I know, right? To think that the person ranked thirteenth on The Heavenly Immortals lost to a nobody. I wouldn’t have believed it if I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes.”
“I’m sure that the leader of the Flame Dragon Gang is going to become famous after this.”
“As he should.”
“Such a talented individual should join Greendust.
“Don’t be silly. Autumn Wind has called dibs on that guy. I’m willing to do anything for him to become my disciple!”
“Are you forgetting about Boulderthorn?”
“You guys are too late. Sir Paul has already made the first move.”
“What? Oh, that sneaky geezer!”
“What are you waiting for? Go after them!”
After processing everything that happened, the elders and leaders of different guilds hurriedly chased after Dustin, not wanting to be left behind.
After all, it was extremely rare to find someone as monstrously talented as Dustin. As long as they paid him some attention, he would surely become a Grandmaster martial artist, so all of them
were now clambering for his attention.
Because Dustin had total victory over the battle, Terry’s title as a genius had been swept under the rug, and the Doyle family’s reputation was in tatters after being known as sore losers.
On the other hand, Dustin’s reputation seemed to have soared thanks to this incident, and there was now a new genius in Balerno.
The Flame Dragon Gang’s reputation also skyrocketed after the battle as skilled fighters from all over the place scrambled to join the gang. Although they still weren’t as powerful as the other famous guilds, they were considerably strong in Millsburg. In time, they would surely become. much stronger.
###Chapter 637 by Marina Vittori
Outside the Doyle family gates, a Maybach revved up and drove off, successfully shaking off the group of people who were chasing after them.
“Thank God I moved fast, or I wouldn’t even have the chance to talk to you.” Paul turned around and looked at the annoyed group behind them, impressed by his foresight.
“It’s not that bad.” Dustin was puzzled.
“You don’t seem to understand your value yet.” Paul shook his head, chuckling. “Being able to defeat Terry Doyle has already proven how powerful and talented you are. There are less than five people in Balerno who could even be on par with you, so countless guilds are desperately trying to rope you in.”
“Tsk. What a bother. I should have kept a low profile.” Dustin sighed. He had only challenged Terry to warn the Doyle family not to mess with him. He didn’t expect them to invite so many people to watch the battle in an attempt to boost their reputation. Still, the Doyle family has shot itself in the foot since he was the one who ended up receiving the boost in reputation.
“You’re an interesting fellow. Others would die for that fame, yet you don’t want it at all.” Paul smiled
“Things like fame can’t even fill my belly. I’m sure that once word spreads, I’ll have people coming up to me to challenge me to a duel. Aren’t I just making things troublesome for myself?” Dustin shook his head.
“It’s hard to find someone who looks at fame and fortune so lightly nowadays.” Paul studied Dustin appreciatively.
“Don’t flatter me, Sir Paul. I’m just a normal person. I don’t have any great ambitions, so whatever you want to say, just tell it to me straight.” Dustin changed the topic.
“Alright, then. I’ll get straight to the point.” Paul nodded. “I wanted to talk to you about the Knighthood Society Tournament.”
“The Knighthood Society Tournament?” Dustin was confused.
“Every three years, there will be a Knighthood Society Tournament between Balerno and Glenstead. The purpose of this tournament is to find new talents as well as observe how strong each side is. The outcome of the battle will determine the direction in which the alliance will
grow for the next three years. The winning side has the right to call the shots and occupy more. resources. Therefore, I hope that you can join the tournament as Balerno’s representative,” Paul explained
“But why me? There are so many skilled fighters in Balerno. There’s no way a youngster like me has the right to represent Balerno.” Dustin was still puzzled.
“First of all, I have high hopes for you since you’re a capable individual. Secondly, there’s an age limit. Participants can’t be more than 38 years old. Thirdly, each side has five slots. Terry Doyle was supposed to take one of them, and since you’ve injured him greatly, you’ll have to take his place.” Paul smiled.
“What?” Dustin paled He never thought things would get so bothersome after defeating Terry.
You
“This is a good chance for you, young man. Everyone who joins the tournament receives a hefty prize. And if you win, the alliance will grant you one wish. Money, power, jewels, women name it, you’ll have it.” Paul urged.
“Grant me a wish?” Dustin pondered for a moment. He wasn’t interested in money or power, but he did happen to need two rare precious herbs. With the alliance’s help, he might be able to find them more easily.
“Let me know what you need, young man. Don’t be shy.” Paul took advantage of this opportunity and began pressing.
“Sir Paul, have you ever heard of the thousand-year green lotus and Cherusia?” Dustin asked.
“Thousand-year green lotus, no, but I know who has Cherusia,” Paul answered.
“Really? Who?” Dustin’s eyes lit up.
“That’s a secret for now.” Paul tried to entice Dustin “Of course, if you’re willing to represent Balerno in the upcoming tournament, I’ll let you know regardless of the tournament’s results.” “I guess that means I don’t have a choice.”
###Chapter 638 by Marina Vittori
Dustin chuckled bitterly. “Alright, I’ll agree to it. It’s just going to be a few fights anyway.” There was no fight he couldn’t win when it came to using his martial arts prowess.
Paul smiled. “Great. That’ll be all.”
Dustin was curious. “Sir Paul, since you’ve retired, why are you still worrying about matters regarding the martial arts alliance?”
Paul kept his smile. “Even though I’m not with the alliance anymore, my heart still belongs to them. Not to mention, the current leader of the alliance is my disciple. I don’t see anything wrong with helping him recruit talent.”
“Sir Paul, I admire that you’re a man of high integrity.” Dustin nodded in acknowledgment.
“Alright, there’s no need for the flattery. Where are you going next? I’ll see you off.
“Back to the Flame Dragon Dojo.”
In the afternoon, inside Stoneray Valley at Mount Cloudcrest, Terry laid on an emerald bed. His complexion was pale, and he was sweating all over. A few physicians in white were carefully tending to his injuries. Phil stood at one side; he was anxious and hesitant to speak, fearing he might disrupt their work. After a long while, Terry’s wound was finally sutured up and bandaged.
“Mr. Turner, how is my son?” Phil finally asked when he saw that they had finished treating Terry.
“It’s fortunate that you sent him here on time. Your son is safe for now.” Nicholas wiped his sweat
with his sleeves.
“Thank God!” Phil breathed a sigh of relief. But he quickly followed up with another question.
“He’s safe now, but would it affect his martial arts abilities?”
“That’s where the problem lies.” Nicholas sighed and explained, “His core is seriously damaged. It would be hard to get it healed. I doubt he will be able to recover his abilities.”
“What? How can that be?” Phil’s expression fell. Mr. Turner, you have excellent medical skills. Can you please think of something? I’ll pay you no matter how high the price!”
“Mr. Doyle, my skills are limited. There’s nothing I can do.” Nicholas shook his head.
“If you can’t do it, what about Dr. Linden Watkins? Can you please get him to treat my son?” Phil
was anxious
“Dr. Watkins is in seclusion and refuses to meet anyone. Even if he did treat your son and heal hist core, your son won’t be able to recover his abilities immediately as they are lost. He would need to start all over.” Nicholas was feeling truly helpless.
“Start all over?” The blood drained from Phil’s face when he heard the news. It took his son more than 20 years of hard work to reach where he was today. It would be too late to start all over again. He was now akin to a crippled man.
“Dad…” Terry suddenly opened his eyes and cried out weakly. “Quick… get my mentor, Mr.
1/2
Augustus Kline, here quickly. Only he can save me now!”
Phil’s eyes brightened. That’s right! I almost forgot about him. I’ll contact him right away!”
Augustus Kline was one of the five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno. He possessed remarkable abilities and was seemingly invincible. With the appearance of such a revered figure, he would definitely turn the situation around.
“Dustin Rhys! When my mentor gets here, I’m going to make sure you are crushed into pieces!” Terry growled menacingly. However, the intensity of his anger made him spit out blood, and he fainted on the spot.
###Chapter 639 by Marina Vittori
That night, in the second-floor office of the Flame Dragon Dojo. “Sir Rhys, you were so cool today! Not only did you show the Doyle family who’s boss, but you also made the Flame Dragon Gang famous all across Balerno! We have around a thousand members now, and they all admire you greatly!” Nelson poured Dustin a cup of coffee while he showered him with compliments; his excitement and elation were evident.
He’d been worried that the Doyles would seize the opportunity and take revenge on them if Dustin. lost. He didn’t expect their gang leader to be so incredible. Against all odds, Dustin turned the tide. and achieved a resounding victory over Terry. He had become famous through a single battle.
“That’s enough, you’ve said that a million times now. Can’t you say something new?” Dustin was speechless. Ever since Dustin’s return, Nelson had been flattering him in various ways, singing all sorts of praises that Dustin could think of. If people didn’t know any better, they would think Nelson was flirting with Dustin from the look on Nelson’s face.
“You want something new? No problem!” Nelson grinned as he said, “Sir Rhys, did you know that after your victory, many talented individuals have sought to join our gang? I’ve tested out their skills, and every one of them is no ordinary talent. With a little training, they could turn out to be the backbone of our gang! If this continues, I believe the Flame Dragon Gang would become. Millsburg’s largest gang within three years!”
Dustin nodded in response. “Not bad. This is good news. But remember: quality over quantity. Don’t recruit anyone with questionable characters. It would be advantageous to him if the Flame, Dragon Gang expanded well. However, he had to clearly plan out their expansion, lest it led to internal conflicts.
“Hehe… No need to worry, Sir Rhys. I’m skilled in that area, I’ll be able to tell their character from just one look.” Nelson grinned confidently. He’d been part of the martial world for many years. While he didn’t possess any extraordinary abilities, he was always right when it came to reading people.
“Oh, by the way, the most important task is finding the murderer. Make sure not to slack off in that regard,” Dustin reminded him.
“My men have been working hard on investigating. I believe we will have results soon.” Nelson turned serious.
Dustin nodded. “Okay. Let me know immediately if you get any news. You can go now.”
“Alright.” Nelson left after responding..
Suddenly, Dustin’s phone rang. He took it out and saw that it was a call from Dahlia.
The Nicholsons hated him terribly since he was the greatest suspect in James’ death. With the current situation, he couldn’t believe Dahlia was the one to call him first. He wondered if she had finally thought things through.
“Hello, Dahlia?” Dustin answered immediately without hesitation.
After a few seconds of silence, he heard an indifferent voice on the other line. “I’d like to talk to
Augustus Kline, here quickly. Only he can save me now!”
Phil’s eyes brightened. That’s right! I almost forgot about him. I’ll contact him right away!”
Augustus Kline was one of the five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno. He possessed remarkable abilities and was seemingly invincible. With the appearance of such a revered figure, he would definitely turn the situation around.
“Dustin Rhys! When my mentor gets here, I’m going to make sure you are crushed into pieces!” Terry growled menacingly. However, the intensity of his anger made him spit out blood, and he fainted on the spot.
###Chapter 640 by Marina Vittori
“Evidence? Where is it?” Dahlia was taken aback.
“It’s with me now.” It appeared that Dustin came prepared, as he took out two pieces of evidence.” These are the autopsy results. This can prove that James was poisoned to death. While this black. needle is the murder weapon.”
“What?” Dahlia examined it curiously.
Dustin added, saying, “If you don’t believe me, you can get it tested personally.” Although he had the evidence, it would be hard to convince her without finding the murderer.
“No need for that. I believe you.” Dahlia’s expression was solemn. “To be honest, I know that you’re not the murderer and that this has all been a misunderstanding.”
Dustin smiled. “I’m happy that you think that way.
“I’m sorry for misunderstanding you. But please understand, I had no other choice. My brother’s death has left me in pain. I feel so lost, and I don’t know what to do. I’m scared… I’m scared that I will lose you too. I’m scared that we will become enemies. I’m scared of being alone, I As she spoke, her eyes turned red. She lowered her head and choked back her tears. Her teary appearance looked pitiful; anyone who saw her would pity her.
“It’s alright. It’s all in the past now.” Dustin patted her shoulders in comfort. His actions seemed to shatter all her reservations, and she threw herself into his arms, her sobs intensified. She trembled uncontrollably as a steady stream of tears flowed down her cheeks. Dahlia finally released all the pent-up emotions that she had suppressed for so long.
Dustin sighed. With both arms wrapped around her in an embrace, he inched closer to her and whispered words of comfort into her ear. “It’s okay to cry. It’ll be alright once you cry it out. Oh, by the way, I have a secret to tell you. To be honest, I really did kill your brother.”
“What?” Dahlia froze, and she looked up in shock. “Wha-what did you just say?”
“You didn’t hear me? Let me repeat myself, then. I murdered your brother!” Dustin declared as he
smiled.
After a momentary daze, Dahlia shook her head furiously. “No, it can’t be! You must be lying! How could you be the murderer? I don’t believe you!”
“I couldn’t bear to continue deceiving you, especially when I see you crying so miserably. So I thought I’d just tell you the truth,” Dustin said calmly.
“Dustin, stop joking! You’re not that kind of person” Dahlia denied it flatly.
“Do you really know me?” Dustin countered.
“Why? Weren’t you collecting evidence?” Dahlia frowned.
“I was just playing with you. But I’ve lost interest, so I decided to reveal my cards.” Dustin. shrugged his shoulders.
“So, you were the one who killed my brother?” Dahlia was enraged.
“That’s right. I’m the murderer. What do you plan on doing now Dustin gave her a vague:
“I’m going to kill you!”-In her fury, she took out a dagger and aimed it toward Dustin’s throat.
A slap rang out as Dustin struck Dahlia mercilessly, causing her to fall to the floor. The dagger slipped from her grasp and clattered onto the ground as well.
“You-!” Dahlia’s face was disfigured. She was about to get up when Dustin grabbed her by the throat and pinned her against the wall.
“Ugh-” Dahlia gasped for breath, and her face flushed red. She struggled to free herself but to no avail. Dustin’s grip was like an iron vice that clamped tightly around her neck.
“How are you planning on avenging your brother with your meager strength?” With just one hand, Dustin lifted her off the ground.
“W-why?” Dahlia was aghast. She never expected Dustin to suddenly turn hostile and forget about their past relationship. She could even see the intent to kill in his cold eyes.
“Why? You should ask yourself that.” Dustin sneered coldly. “Is it fun playing such childish tricks in front of me? Are you tired of living?”
“What nonsense are you spouting? Have you gone crazy?” Dahlia was shocked and afraid.
“So, you’re not going to admit it? Alright, two can play at this game!” Dustin snorted and reached. out his hand. With a forceful tug, Dahlia’s clothes were torn into shreds and revealed her enticing. voluptuous figure. She looked extremely provocative.
###Chapter 641 by Marina Vittori
“Wha-what are you doing?” Dahlia’s expression changed as she struggled to free herself. She looked more alluring as she struggled desperately.
“Don’t you like playing games? I’ll play with you until you’re satisfied!” Dustin’s expression was cold. “You’re a lunatic! Stop this at once!” Dahlia cried out angrily. Dustin commented, “You’re still pretending? The skin on your face has peeled off. Haven’t you noticed?”
“What?” Dahlia’s eyes widened, and she touched her face instinctively. However, she quickly came back to her senses. It didn’t matter if her face was disfigured, her actions had already given her away.
“I thought my acting skills were pretty good. I didn’t expect you to see through it that quickly.’ Once she found out she was exposed, “Dahlia” stopped the act and pulled forcefully near her ear. Soon, a human mask was peeled off. “Dahlia” was gone, and she was replaced by an unfamiliar woman.
The woman looked decent, but her complexion was ghastly pale. Her gaze was sinister and malicious. She was the epitome of a female fatale.
“Who are you? Why are you impersonating Dahlia?” Dustin questioned her coldly. “If you want me to answer you, you would need to answer me first. How did you find out?” The woman was curious.
Her mentor had taught her the Face-Changing Art personally. She could not only change her appearance, she was also good at reading people immediately, allowing her to impersonate them better. She wasn’t confident enough to say that it was a perfect resemblance, but it was at least 90 % similar. At her level, even close relatives wouldn’t be able to notice in a short time. Hence, she couldn’t understand how Dustin had figured it out shortly after they met.
“Your technique is impressive. It’s hard to find fault with your appearance. However, you overlooked a few details.”
“First, Dahlia never uses perfume, but you carried a faint smell with you. Second, with Dahlia’s bborn personality, she would never believe someone that easily. That evidence wouldn’t be to convince her. Your seductive performance earlier was also clearly done to get my guard e last thing would be your dominant hand. Perhaps you didn’t notice, but you used your i to hold the cup earlier, which is not Dahlia’s dominant hand.
“I may not have seen through you if it were just one suspicious detail, but with all of them put together, it was obvious that you were an imposter!” Dustin commented coldly, exposing her flaws. In truth, there was another detail he hadn’t mentioned, and that was that he had grown
more cautious after going through a similar situation.
The woman chuckled. “I can’t believe you have such keen observation skills. You’re truly amazing to be able to catch such small details.” After today’s experience, it seemed like she would need to put in more work on the details.
1.2
“I’m going to kill you!” In her fury, she took out a dagger and aimed it toward Dustin’s throat.
A slap rang out as Dustin struck Dahlia mercilessly, causing her to fall to the floor. The dagger slipped from her grasp and clattered onto the ground as well.
“You-!” Dahlia’s face was disfigured. She was about to get up when Dustin grabbed her by the throat and pinned her against the wall.
“Ugh-“Dahlia gasped for breath, and her face flushed red. She struggled to free herself but to no avail. Dustin’s grip was like an iron vice that clamped tightly around her neck.
“How are you planning on avenging your brother with your meager strength?” With just one hand, Dustin lifted her off the ground.
“W-why?” Dahlia was aghast. She never expected Dustin to suddenly turn hostile and forget about their past relationship. She could even see the intent to kill in his cold eyes.
“Why? You should ask yourself that.” Dustin sneered coldly. “Is it fun playing such childish tricks in front of me? Are you tired of living?”
“What nonsense are you spouting? Have you gone crazy?” Dahlia was shocked and afraid
“So, you’re not going to admit it? Alright, two can play at this game!” Dustin snorted and reached. out his hand. With a forceful tug, Dahlia’s clothes were torn into shreds and revealed her enticing, voluptuous figure. She looked extremely provocative.
###Chapter 642 by Marina Vittori
The group of masked women brandished a knife and held it dangerously close to Dahlia’s neck; a thin line of blood could be seen on her skin. It was a warning that Dahlia would be killed on the spot if Dustin made any sudden movements.
Dustin furrowed his brow and ultimately released his grip. He wasn’t going to risk Dahlia’s life with the numbers they had.
“That’s more like it.” Astrid stretched her neck. She looked triumphant as she said, “Dustin, you should feel honored that my mentor has taken an interest in you. As long as you agree, we will be a family going forward. And if you refuse, you and everyone else around you will die!”
“Do you have to go to such extremes?” Dustin’s expression was frosty.
This is how we do things. If we can’t get our hands on a talented genius like you, you must be destroyed,” Astrid responded.
“Do you really think you can kill me?” Dustin retorted.
Astrid chuckled as she said, “I know you’re talented, but we came prepared. I added Trangurin to the tea you drank earlier. The poison is colorless and tasteless. Once ingested, your body will feel. weak, and you won’t even be able to use your true energy. Judging by the time, you should be feeling its effects right about now.”
“Tranqurin?” Dustin’s expression shifted.
Tranqurin was one of the ten exotic medicines of the martial world. Although it wasn’t deadly, it was the bane of many martial artists. It suppressed their true energy and weakened their bodies. These two effects of Tranqurin were enough to put any martial artist in despair. He didn’t expect
Astrid to get a hold of it when it was nearly extinct.
“Give me the antidote!” Dustin reached out to grab Astrid but stumbled and nearly fell. Before he knew it, sweat started to form on his forehead.
“Tranqurin is specifically meant to restrain expert martial artists like you. The more you exert
true energy, the faster the medicine takes effect. How about it? Do you feel it already?” Astrid
grinned.
To put Dustin under their control, the Dark Lord employed his precious treasure, which highlighted Dustin’s value.
“Dustin, I’m going to ask you one more time. Are you going to submit to us or not?” Astrid yelled.
“Dream on!” Dustin forced himself to remain upright.
4
“Hmph! You’re still talking back? Are you not afraid of death?” Astrid’s expression darkened. She was out of patience. If it weren’t for the Dark Lord valuing him greatly, Astrid would have killed him much earlier instead of wasting her time persuading him.
“Although Tranqurin is powerful, I still have enough strength to make sure we die together!” Dustin spat out coldly.
“You-!” Astrid was seething in anger. Just as she was about to make a move on Dahlia, a graceful figure descended from the second floor.
“Astrid, this guy is too stubborn. You won’t get anywhere by using force. Why don’t you let me talk to him?” Azalea walked up to Dustin seductively.
“Azalea, you’ll be able to persuade him?” Astrid raised an eyebrow.
“Have you forgotten what I’m best at, Astrid?” Azalea smiled.
“Alright, go ahead and try.” Astrid nodded.
Azalea was not only good at Face-Changing Art, but she was also skilled at the Art of Charming. She could make any man fall for her charms.
“Hey, doctor. We meet again.” Azalea took out a handkerchief and wiped the sweat off Dustin’s forehead. “Does it feel bad? How about we go up and have a rest?”
“Cut the crap!” Dustin pushed her hand aside and uttered coldly, “I will never collude with you. people!”
“Why are you making this so hard, doctor?” Azalea sighed lightly. “If you join us and become my junior, we’ll be together forever. Wouldn’t that be great?”
“What utter rubbish!” Dustin glared at her. “You want me to join you after I’ve witnessed you using such underhanded methods? Dream on!”
“I know my actions have been impudent, but I have no other choice. I cherish you a lot, and I’d do anything for you,” Azalea smiled as she said.
Dustin sneered. “If that is so, kill Astrid first, then!” “No problem.” With a smile still on her face, Azalea suddenly drew her sword and stabbed Astrid’s chest.
###Chapter 643 by Marina Vittori
“Ugh-!” Astrid froze. Astrid looked at Azalea, who had a smile on her face, and then down at the sword in her chest. She was filled with shock and disbelief. She never imagined that Azalea would kill her without hesitation when she was smiling cheerfully just a second ago. There weren’t any signs. throughout the entire situation.
“What?” Dustin was also bewildered at the sudden turn of events. He had casually mentioned it without expecting anything to happen. He would never imagine that Azalea would not only take it seriously but also act without hesitation and plunged her sword straight into her senior’s chest. He wondered if this woman was ruthless or just truly insane.
“W-why?” Astrid spat out the words with difficulty, glaring at Azalea with wide eyes. Mixed emotions flashed across her face-disbelief, fury, resentment, and defiance. But above all, confusion clouded her face. She couldn’t understand why Azalea would kill her.
Was it solely based on Dustin’s words?
“Don’t look at me like that, Astrid. You heard him. He asked me to kill you. I’m in a difficult position as well. You won’t blame me, will you?” Astrid put on an innocent act.
“You…” Astrid was about to say something when she spat out a mouthful of blood.
“Look at you, you soiled my clothes.” Azalea patted the blood stains on her clothes in disgust before pulling out her sword forcefully. Following the sound of a sharp whistle, blood gushed from Astrid’s chest, and her body went limp. She collapsed to the ground as life drained from her.
“Azalea, what are you doing?” The group of masked women was shocked to see Astrid fall. They never imagined that they would end up turning against each other.
“You shall fall too.” Azalea opened up her palm and blew lightly at the masked women, creating a crimson mist that enveloped everyone present. Soon, the unsuspecting group of people, including Dahlia, fell unconscious to the ground.
They had set up various foolproof measures to deal with Dustin. However, they had failed to anticipate and have their guard up against the presence of a traitor.
“A-Azalea, you crazy woman. I can’t believe you betrayed us. The Dark Lord will never forgive you! “With her last breath, Astrid lifted her finger with difficulty, her expression filled with
resentment.
“You don’t need to worry about that, Astrid. Just go peacefully.” Azalea bent down and stabbed her once more, relaxing only after she was certain Astrid was dead.
After that, Azalea turned to face Dustin and smiled as she asked, “What do you think? Are you satisfied, doctor?”
“I don’t understand. What do you mean by this?” Dustin frowned slightly, her actions coming off as strange.
“You said to kill Astrid earlier, so I helped you to do so. Is there a problem?” Azalea tilted her head
in confusion.
Dustin could feel his eye twitching, and he added, “But she’s your senior from the same guild.”
“What about it? Isn’t it normal for members of the same guild to kill each other in the martial world?” Azalea said it like it was a natural occurrence.
“You’re truly insane.” Dustin shook his head. He could tell that the woman in front of him was not mentally stable.
###Chapter 644 by Marina Vittori
“Doctor, not only did I betray my guild for you, but I also killed my senior. You’re so mean for calling me that.” Azalea pouted with a bitter expression.
“What exactly are you trying to do?” Dustin questioned her. “Don’t overthink it. I just want to be friends with you, nothing more,” Azalea said with a grin.
“I don’t think I can afford to be your friend. There might come a day where you’d thrust a knife into my back,” Dustin responded bluntly.
“Hey, I can’t bear to do that. Besides, if anyone is thrusting anything, it’d be you.” She smiled charmingly.
The corners of Dustin’s mouth twitched upon hearing her words. Did this woman just make a dirty joke?
“If there’s nothing else, I’m leaving.” Unwilling to stay any longer, Dustin prepared to leave and. picked up the unconscious Dahlia.
“Hold on.” Azalea suddenly took out a small vial and passed it to Dustin. “This is the antidote for Tranqurin. You should take it. Otherwise, you’ll have serious long-term effects.”
“There’s no need. I wasn’t poisoned.” Dustin shook his head.
Azalea was taken aback. “You weren’t poisoned? But you were sweating and lost your strength.”
“You guys can’t be the only ones allowed to act, don’t you think?” Dustin replied nonchalantly.
Although Tranqurin was powerful, it was only effective against martial artists below the rank of grandmasters. When used against grandmasters, its effects were greatly diminished. The remaining effects of the poison would be easily neutralized.
“You pretended so well that even I couldn’t tell.” Azalea was in shock for a moment, then she rolled her eyes. “If I had known you weren’t poisoned, I wouldn’t have taken such a big risk and killed my senior. I just put myself in trouble.”
“I appreciate your goodwill. Consider me indebted to you this time.” Dustin changed the subject. No matter how he could have settled the situation himself, she did help him and even gave him. the antidote voluntarily. Naturally, he had to accept her kindness.
“I’m reassured by your words.” Azalea chuckled and gave a satisfied smile. “Oh, by the way, you need to stab me before you go.”
“Stab you? Why?” Dustin was perplexed.
“We should complete the show. My seniors are dead, and I won’t be able to explain it to my mentor if I return back unharmed. So, I need your help to stab me in the chest.” Azalea opened up her coat as she spoke, revealing her voluptuous bosom.
“Is that necessary?” Dustin frowned. “The Dark Lord is not a good person. The venomous curse has been dispelled from your body anyway. He won’t be able to control you any longer. Why do you still continue to be his disciple?”
“I didn’t expect you to care about me, doctor. Don’t worry, I’ll be fine. I’ll leave when the time is
right, but now is not the time.” Azalea smirked.
“I’m just giving you advice. The specifics are up to you.” Dustin left it to her to decide instead.
“Come now. Leave me a memento.” Azalea spread her arms as if she was ready to be slaughtered.
Dustin was helpless. He had no choice but to pick up a dagger and stab her in the chest. His aim was precise, avoiding any lethal areas and sensitive parts.
Azalea hissed. “That really hurt!”
“You got stabbed for no reason; of course, it hurt.” Dustin took out a pill and handed it to her, saying, “This is Haemotrol. It’ll help you heal faster. Take it when you see fit.”
“Thanks, doctor.” Azalea smiled sweetly. It appeared as if she remembered something as she suddenly said, “Oh, right. It’ll be the New Year soon. Ask the Harmons to be careful. They might have a difficult year ahead. My mentor, the Dark Lord, has arrived at Millsburg. He might even step in personally.”
“I understand. Thanks for the warning.” Dustin nodded thoug
Was the Dark Lord finally appearing after laying low for so long? Hel
they could take the necessary precautions soon.
ad to notify the Harmons so
###Chapter 645 by Marina Vittori
The next morning, at Nicholson Corp., Dahlia woke up groggily and found herself lying on the sofa of her office. She was covered with a thick blanket, and there was even a steaming glass of milk on the table beside her.
Last night’s events were still fuzzy to her, and she rubbed her head, which was throbbing slightly in pain. Feeling parched, she picked up the glass of milk and finished it in one go. It made her feel warm inside, giving her a slight relief from the discomfort she was feeling.
“Dahlia, you’re awake.” At that moment, Dustin walked in with the breakfast that he had just bought. “Why are you here?” Dahlia’s brows creased into a frown, and her expression turned cold.
“I didn’t know where you lived, so I brought you back to your office for the night.” As he was talking, he took out a takeaway container with a full English breakfast inside as well as a bowl of chicken soup.
“I’m asking why you are here?” Dahlia asked in exasperation. “Have you forgotten about what happened last night?” Dustin was confused.
“Last night?” Dahlia recollected her thoughts, and last night’s events became clearer. She remembered being drugged and found herself tied up when she woke up. Her kidnapper had. intended to threaten Dustin with her, but it seemed like their plan had failed.
“It’s alright if you don’t remember. The drug is still in your system, so you’ll feel groggy for the time being. Here, eat up first.” Dustin passed the steaming hot chicken soup to Dahlia.
“Go away! I don’t need you putting on an act here!” Dahlia was ruthless as she slapped the bowl of chicken soup to the ground. Her tone was frosty as she said, “Don’t think I’ll be grateful to you just because you saved my life last night, you murderer’” She couldn’t act like nothing had happened when her brother passed away a few days ago.
Dustin shook his head. “Dahlia, your brother’s death has nothing to do with me.”
“They saw you! My mother saw you! Are you telling me they are lying?” Dahlia bellowed.
“They only saw what happened on the surface. They’re not aware of the truth.” Dustin turned. solemn before he continued, “I did beat James up, but that doesn’t mean I killed him. He was poisoned to death. Someone is trying to frame me and get in between us!”
“Fine, you said you were framed. Where’s the evidence? How are you going to prove your innocence?” Dahlia questioned.
“I found the murder weapon. And I have your brother’s autopsy results. You’ll find that it is suspicious if you examine it in detail.” Dustin took out the evidence he carried with him constantly and displayed it in front of Dahlia.
“This is just a piece of paper and a needle. Do you think I’ll believe you with just these?” Dahlia remained unyielding. An autopsy report could be fabricated with money. It was not persuasive whatsoever.
“Dahlia, we’ve been married for three years. You should know my character. I’ve never done anything to hurt you,” Dustin said seriously. 2
“I used to think I knew you well. However, I’ve come to realize that I can’t see through you at all.” Dahlia’s expression was icy. The more she interacted with him, the more she found him shrouded in a veil of mystery. No matter how hard she tried to unravel his true intentions, she was unable to read him. This was exactly why she struggled to trust him.
Dustin lifted three fingers. “Dahlia, I swear! I didn’t kill your brother!”
“What’s the point of saying all this? Everyone thinks you’re the murderer. I can’t forgive you! Please, get out!” Dahlia pointed at the door, ordering him to leave. She was afraid that her resolve would weaken if he continued speaking. Despite her lingering feelings for Dustin, she couldn’t forgive him on behalf of her late brother.
“Dahlia, I’m doing all I can to find the murderer. Just give me a little more time. I’ll definitely be able to prove my innocence!” Dustin swore.
“Are you still trying to argue at this point?” Dahlia gritted her teeth. “If you had repented. sincerely, you may have had a chance. But you’re not only escaping responsibility; you’re making up all kinds of excuses right now. I’m really disappointed in you. I don’t want to see you ever again; leave immediately!”
“What exactly do I need to do for you to believe me?” Dustin furrowed his brows.
“You want me to believe you? Fine! If you jump down from here to prove your innocence, I’ll believe you!” Dahlia spat out in a fit of anger.
###Chapter 646 by Marina Vittori
Since they were on the 30th floor, anyone who jumped down from that height would not be able to survive. Dahlia was trying to get Dustin to back down and leave.
“Alright, I’ll jump.” Dustin nodded. Without hesitation, he turned and crashed through the full- length glass window, hurtling down from the 30th floor.
Dahlia stood frozen on the spot, her mind blank with disbelief. The words had only escaped her lips in a fit of anger. She never would have imagined that Dustin would follow through with her demand.
“Dustin!” Dahlia screamed after returning to her senses. She rushed toward the shattered window and looked down. Dustin had vanished from sight. She knew that no ordinary person would survive such a bone-shattering fall. Her legs gave away, and she collapsed to the ground with a thud. While she sat on the ground, she could not hold back her tears.
“Why? Why did it turn out like this? Dustin, why did you jump? How can you be so foolish? What am I supposed to do now that you’re gone? What should I do?” Dahlia sobbed uncontrollably, her tears streaming steadily down her cheeks. She was filled with regret. She regretted her impulsive words that were spoken in the heat of the moment. She regretted not trusting Dustin, and she regretted forcing him to prove his innocence by taking his own life. Ultimately, she was the cause of his death.”
“Dustin, I believe you… I believe you now! Come back. Please, come back!” Dahlia was so distraught, she was weeping bitterly. She longed for everything to be a dream, wishing that it was all just an illusion. As long as she woke up, Dustin would be standing before her once again.
“This is my fault. I caused your death. My brother is gone, and now you’re gone too. There’s no reason for me to continue living. Wait for me, I’ll meet you soon.” Dahlia staggered to her feet, moving toward the windows with a determined expression.
“Hey, where are you going to meet me?” Suddenly, she heard a familiar voice behind her. At that moment, she froze, thunderstruck. Her eyes widened, and she stiffly turned her head around.
Dustin had just leaped down the building moments ago, but now he was standing unscathed. before her. She froze. Doubting her own eyes, she rubbed them. Wasn’t he dead? How did he come
back to life?
“Don’t worry. I’m not dead. However, you can’t go back on your words now. You said you believed me.” Dustin smiled gently..
As soon as he said that, Dahlia flung herself heavily into his arms. “You lunatic! You’re a real lunatic! Who told you to jump? Don’t you cherish your life? Do you know how worried I was? What would I have done if you had died?”
Tears streamed down Dahlia’s face as she pounded relentlessly on Dustin’s chest with both fists, taking out her pent-up grievances on him. But it didn’t satiate her anguish, and she sank her teeth. forcefully into his shoulder. In the end, she hugged him tightly, afraid that he would suddenly vanish into thin air.
###Chapter 647 by Marina Vittori
“Alright, that’s enough. Stop crying. Can’t you see I’m alive and well?” Dustin patted Dahlia’s back, consoling her.
This was the first time they were wrapped in such a tight embrace. Dustin could not only smell the natural body scent she emanated, but he could also feel her voluptuous breasts pressing against his chest. It distracted him momentarily.
“Hmph! But you almost died earlier!” Dahlia pounded on his chest again.
“I had no choice. You were the one who told me to jump.” Dustin put on an innocent expression.
“You jumped just because I told you so? Why don’t you eat shit too if I ask you?” Dahlia’s tone was
upset.
“Heh… that’s too much,” Dustin replied awkwardly.
“Eating shit is too much, but jumping down a building is not? What exactly were you thinking?” Dahlia jabbed a finger against Dustin’s forehead.
“I was too impulsive earlier. I promise there won’t be another time,” Dustin admitted to his faults.
He had witnessed the entire scene earlier, where Dahlia cried inconsolably upon realizing he had, jumped off the building. She was even willing to follow him into the afterlife. He wasn’t only surprised, he was also delighted. This was the first time he understood how important he meant
to her.
“Hmph! It’s your life! I don’t care, so do whatever you want!” Dahlia wiped her tears away before her expression hardened. “One more thing. Although I believe that you have nothing to do with my brother’s death for now, that doesn’t mean this situation is over. I’m going to find the murderer
and avenge James!”
“Leave it to me. I’ll find the murderer. I’ve sent someone to investigate. I believe there will be news soon.” Dustin was serious. He wouldn’t let the person who dared frame him off that easily. Whoever it was, he was going to make sure they paid the price.
“Hey! What are you two doing?” Suddenly, they heard someone cry out by the door. It was Florence, Victoria, and Julie, walking in angrily.
“You son of a bitch! How dare you show up here when you killed my son!” Florence erupted in anger when she saw Dustin; her expression was menacing.
“I told you. I have nothing to do with James’ death.” Dustin shook his head.
The evidence is as clear as day, and yet you’re still denying it?” Florence’s tone was dripping with resentment as she said, “No matter what you say, I’m going to send you to prison!” She was about to make a move when Dahlia suddenly stood in front of her.
“Hold on! Mom, this is a misunderstanding. Dustin is not the murderer!”
“What?” Florence was stunned. She looked at Dahlia in disbelief. “Dahlia, have you gone crazy? How can you defend this bastard?”
“Mom, I feel sad about James’ death too, but we can’t let hatred cloud our judgment.” Dahlia
picked up the report from the table and showed it to them. “This is James’ autopsy report. It shows that he died from poisoning. Dustin didn’t kill him. It’s all a big misunderstanding!”
“Nonsense! I won’t believe any autopsy report. I will only believe what I saw with my own eyes, and I saw Dustin kill him!” Florence gritted her teeth.
“That’s right! It’s just a piece of paper. Dustin might have fabricated the results to clear his name!”
Julie chimed in.
“Dahlia, you need to stay resolute. Don’t be deceived by his sweet words!” Victoria warned her.
“It’s real, take a closer look. There’s an official stamp and a doctor’s signature. We can get it verified anytime.” Dahlia tried to persuade the three of them.
“Verified, my ass!” Florence snatched the autopsy report and ripped it to shreds. “I don’t care where he got this damned thing; I won’t believe it! I’m going to bring him to justice today!”
“Mom, if you don’t believe him, you should at least believe in me, right? I can assure you that he isn’t the murderer!” Dahlia was serious.
Dustin’s actions earlier had already proven his innocence. Moreover, if he were truly the killer, why would he go to such great lengths to obtain evidence? He could have simply escaped without a trace.
###Chapter 648 by Marina Vittori
“Dahlia! Did this bastard feed you a love potion? How can you believe him?” Florence was both furious and shocked. She couldn’t believe her daughter had turned into such a shameful woman. She was ignoring her brother’s death for the sake of a wretched man. She was even defending the killer. It was foolish behavior!
“I believe him because there are indeed questionable circumstances surrounding James’ death. I don’t wish to unjustly accuse a good man,” Dahlia explained.
“A good man, my fucking ass! You can tell he’s a wretched person just by how obnoxious and cunning he is! I must hand him over to the authorities today!” Florence was unyielding, shouting, and ready to act.
“Mom, can you calm down?” Dahlia stood in front of her mom, trying to stop her.
Florence was enraged and tried to push her daughter aside. “Get out of my way!”
The result was the same, as Dahlia stood her ground. In the end, the two started pushing each
other.
“Mom, listen to me. This situation-” Before Dahlia could continue, an enraged Florence delivered. a heavy slap across her face.
“Dahlia! What the hell are you doing? James had just passed away, and here you are defending the murderer? Don’t you have a conscience? James is your brother! What kind of a sister are you?” Florence fumed with rage as she screamed. Throughout her life, she had never laid a hand on her daughter until today.
“Florence, you can scold her and be mad all you want, but it’s a little inappropriate to hit your child.” Realizing that the situation was getting out of hand, Victoria tried to calm the situation.” Dahlia, you’re in the wrong too. How can you fight your mother for the sake of an outsider?”
“That’s right, Dahlia. Stop being stubborn and step aside.” Julie reasoned as well.
Dahlia kept her composure even as her cheek burned Calmly, she told her mother, “Mom, can you believe me this once? Give Dustin a chance to prove his innocence; I’m begging you.”
“You-!” Florence was frustrated at Dahlia’s behavior and was about to strike her again, but ultimately, she was unable to bring herself to do it. She knew her daughter’s personality well. It was hard to change her mind once she had made a decision.
Dustin finally spoke up. “Give me five days. I’ll definitely catch the murderer within five days. Otherwise, you can do whatever you want with me.” His words were resolute.
“Fine, I’ll give you a chance! Let’s see what tricks you can come up with!” Florence suppressed her anger and turned to Dahlia before saying, “As for you, you’re going to regret going against us for that bastard someday!” And with that, Florence left, irritated.
“Rhys, you have five days! I’ll be sending someone to tail you!” After a final threat, Julie and her
mother followed Florence out the door.
“I’m sorry for putting you through that.” Noticing her slightly swollen cheek, Dustin felt a pang of guilt Florence hadn’t held back earlier.
“It’s nothing.” Dahlia shook her head slightly. “Your main priority now is to find the murderer. Otherwise, my mom will never let you off the hook,
“I understand; I’ll take care of it right away.” Dustin nodded and left soon after.
The only reason he was searching for the murderer was to clear his name. However, he was now driven by a personal grudge, and it was poised to be deadly.
###Chapter 649 by Marina Vittori
Dustin’s phone suddenly rang on his way back to the Flame Dragon Dojo. Abigail’s voice came through on the other side of the line when he answered.
Her tone was anxious as soon as she spoke. “Sir, things are not good! There’s some trouble at home!
“What kind of trouble?” Dustin’s forehead creased slightly with worry..
“I’m not sure of the exact situation, but there are a lot of people outside our house and two excavators. It seems like they are going to forcibly demolish our house.”
“Forced demolition? That’s going overboard!” Dustin’s expression darkened. “Try to hold them back, I’ll be there immediately.”
“It’s no use; they’re starting-!” While Abigail was speaking, she seemed to notice something and cried out, “You bastards, how dare you lay a hand on my father! I’m not going to let you off!”
“Abigail, don’t be rash!” Dustin tried to warn her, but she had already hung up. As they were clearly in danger, Dustin didn’t hesitate when he turned the car around and sped toward Central Village in a rush.
20 minutes later, at the entrance of a two-story home in Central Village, Abigail held a baseball bat with both hands, keeping guard at the front. She was sweating profusely and panting; her complexion was pale. It was obvious that she was out of energy. However, at her feet were the bodies of more than ten men. They were the gangsters she had beaten to the ground for trying to demolish her home. Every one of them at least had one broken bone as they laid on the ground, groaning in pain. The rest of the gangsters were stunned and afraid to approach.
“Damn it, why is this kid so fierce? She’s a female tiger!” The gangsters grumbled under their breaths. Although they looked menacing, their gaze showed a hint of fear.
They had gotten used to acting haughty and arrogant. Owing to their numbers, everything they did usually went smoothly and effortlessly. They didn’t expect to run into a headstrong individual.
today.
A teenage woman between the ages of 17 to 18 had single-handedly knocked down more than ten of their men. They wouldn’t have believed that there was such an extraordinary woman living in Central Village had they not seen it
With their own eyes.
At that moment, the window of a Mercedes Benz was rolled down, and a young man wearing sunglasses with hollow cheeks poked his head out. He yelled loudly, “Hey, what are you guys doing just standing there? Take her down immediately!”
“Sir, she’s too good. We aren’t able to advance.” One of the gangsters reported.
The young man in sunglasses berated them loudly. “Do whatever it takes! You can’t handle a small child? What am I keeping you, useless idiots, for? Get her!”
“Yes, sir.” The gangsters wore bitter expressions, but they could only nod. After exchanging glances, they gritted their teeth and charged forward
www
www
112
“You guys again?” Abigail took a deep breath and swung her baseball bat, taking them on. Although her moves were uncoordinated, they were powerful and fast, leaving the gangsters. overwhelmed and unable to defend themselves.
Ever since Dustin taught her martial arts, she never slacked off. Now, she was comparable to a low -level martial artist, possessing strength and speed greater than ordinary folks. With a weapon in hand, she fought fiercely. The gangsters lying on the floor were a testament to her hard work.
Naturally, her weakness was also apparent. Although she had managed to cultivate internal energy, she lacked experience, not knowing how to control her power. Since she fought this battle. purely on instinct, it not only consumed her internal energy greatly but also didn’t yield optimal results Had she gone against a skilled opponent, she would have been at a disadvantage.
Abigail swung her bat again, and with a bang, it bent the steel pipe held by one of the gangsters. and struck him hard on the head. The gangster fell unconscious to the ground with a groan. After taking on the last person, Abigail was exhausted. She stumbled, barely able to keep herself upright. Beads of sweat dripped down her forehead, and she gasped heavily. In the end, she could only support herself with the baseball bat to prevent herself from collapsing.
###Chapter 650 by Marina Vittori
“Good job, you gave them a good beating!” “These bullies who only pick on the weak deserve to be punished!” The onlookers, who were all Abigail’s neighbors, cheered and applauded when they saw that Abigail had won. They were often bullied by the gangsters and finally felt avenged.
“Abigail, you’re too impulsive. You shouldn’t have laid a hand on these people!” At that moment, Mr. Robinson limped forward, his face etched with worry.
“Why can’t I? They’re bullying us. Do you want me to just take this sitting down?” Abigail frowned. She thought her courageous act would earn her father’s praise. She didn’t expect him to reprimand her instead.
“Abigail, you’re too young. You don’t understand how evil society is. These men have people backing them. The situation will only worsen since you beat them up.” Mr. Robinson had a pained
expression.
“So what if they have someone backing them? Do you think I’m afraid? Not to mention, if I hadn’t acted, would our house still be standing here?” Abigail scoffed.
“Wealth is an external possession. It’s alright if they tear down our house, as long as we are safe. You should always remember that safety comes first!” Mr. Robinson said earnestly.
“Hmph! You’re such a coward that you won’t even retaliate when someone beats you up. Do you know that the weaker you are, the more you’ll be targeted? How long will it take for you to stand up for yourself!” Abigail screamed.
“I…” Mr. Robinson was rendered speechless. As a father, he only wished for his daughter’s safety. It didn’t matter if he was wronged.
“I didn’t expect you to have some skills, little brat. Suddenly, the young man in sunglasses opened the car door and got out. Behind him were two burly bodyguards dressed in suits.
“And who are you?” Abigail gripped her baseball bat once more, her expression wary.
“I’m Chad Miller from the Charging Tiger Gang. You just beat up my men earlier.” The young man. in sunglasses said nonchalantly.
“The Charging Tiger Gang?” The onlookers’ expressions fell with his revelation.
The Charging Tiger Gang was one of the four biggest gangs in Millsburg. They were even stronger than the Flame Dragon Gang They mainly engaged in illicit activities and recruited vile people. Notorious for their brutal methods, anyone who resisted the Charging Tiger Gang would suffer unimaginable pain. Over time, they became untouchable as their reputation spread far and wide. Just the mention of their gang sent fear through the crowd.
“So what if you’re from the Charging Tiger Gang? I’m not afraid of you!” Abigail raised her bat, her gaze determined.
Chad chuckled. “I admire your bravery, so I have decided to give you a chance.” With a grin, he said, “As long as you agree to be my slave and serve me day and night, I’ll let the both of you go.
How about it?”
“What a load of crap! Get lost, before I make you!” Abigail bellowed.
“You little brat, I’m trying to be kind here. I dislike being rejected. The consequences will be severe if you make me angry.” Chad’s expression was grim.
“Sir Chad, let’s talk this out.” Suddenly, Mr. Robinson rushed up to him and smiled apologetically. ” My daughter is young and naive. I hope you will be kind enough to let her go for her impudence.”
“Old man, who do you think you are? Do you think I’m going to let her go just because you said so? *Chad glanced sideways at him.
“Sir Chad, aren’t you here to demolish the house? We’ll move immediately and won’t take up your
time.” Mr. Robinson said as he hunched forward.
“A tit for tat. I want both the house and your daughter. If you don’t want to die, then get lost!” Chad was losing his patience.
“Sir Chad-”
“I told you to get lost!” Mr. Robinson was about to plead when Chad raised his hand and delivered a resounding slap, knocking Mr. Robinson to the ground.
“Dad” Abigail’s face twisted in anger.
“How dare you hit my dad! I’m going to fight you to death!” She gritted her teeth and charged forward furiously. As she got closer, she lifted her baseball bat and aimed it at Chad’s head.
“No!” Mr. Robinson exclaimed in alarm.
Just when it seemed like the bat was going to reach Chad, one of the bodyguards extended a hand out and grabbed the bat. With a gentle squeeze, they heard a crisp-sounding crack. The bat, which was as thick as an arm, was crushed instantly, leaving wood chips scattered all over the ground.
###Chapter 651 by Marina Vittori
Abigail was shocked by how easily he had broken the baseball bat. It was thicker than her arm, for goodness sake! And that person had just snapped it in half like it was nothing? This man must be ridiculously strong!
“Is that all you’ve got? How dare you attack my boss when you’re so weak?” One of the bodyguards sneered disdainfully and sent a kick straight to Abigail’s abdomen.
Abigail was sent flying into the air and landed heavily on her back, almost 10 feet away. Blood trickled down from the corners of her lips, and for a moment, she could not even get up. She was all out of internal energy, and her body was exerted beyond its limits. She had no strength left to fight back. But her gaze was still firm; it was obvious she wasn’t ready to admit defeat.
“Oi, bitch! Don’t you ever, for a single second, think that you can pull this kind of shit with me just. because you practice some martial arts! I am from the Charging Tiger gang, and we have countless experts among us. Defeating a small fry like you is a piece of cake for us!” Chad straightened out his suit, walked up to her, and looked down at her condescendingly. “You have only one option now, and that is to obey me. If you do not, I’ll make sure that you regret your decision.”
“Cut the nonsense! Just kill me already!” Abigail forced her words through gritted teeth, ready to embrace death.
“Kill you? Hahaha! You’re not getting out of this so easily!” Chad smirked. “Since you’re not doing as you’re told, I think it’s time I teach you a little lesson. Boys, tear her house down!”
“Yes, sir!” Upon his command, the two excavators that were stopped right in front of the house were immediately ignited. Then, accompanied by the roar of the machinery, they crashed straight through the courtyard fence, over the vegetable patch, and went straight for the house.
“Stop it! Stop this right now!” Abigail was livid. She struggled to get on her feet, but Chad kicked
her to the ground again.
Loud crashing noises could be heard as the excavators tore through the walls and broke
everything down. In no time, the house was tattered and unsteady; it was reduced to piles of
rubble, and fine dust rained down.
“Stop it!” Abigail screamed with all her might as tears streamed down her face. There was nothing
she could do but watch helplessly as her house was torn down. Her heart ached so badly, as though it was cut into pieces. At that moment, it finally dawned on her how essential a person’s
abilities were. Had she been stronger, this would never have happened.
The onlookers sighed as they watched from afar None of them dared to step up and defend the Robinsons, as the perpetrator was from the Charging Tiger gang. One would have to be a fool to
cross them.
Suddenly, an ear-splitting boom was heard, and the house collapsed instantly. Abigail was heartbroken. She could not accept that the place she had called home for so many years and held so many beautiful memories was now in ruins.
“Well? Have you changed your mind yet?” A malicious grin spread out on Chad’s face. “Destroying
1/2
the house was just the start. If you continue to refuse, then your father is next.” With that, he signaled his bodyguards, and they immediately understood what he meant. Without another word, they grabbed hold of Mr. Robinson and pinned him down on the ground. One of them stepped on his head while the other held a machete in his hand, giving him a contemplative look as if he was thinking about where he should start.
“Let go of him!” Gripped by fear, Abigail threw a punch at Chad, but he easily deflected it.
“Abigail, go! Don’t worry about me! Run!” Mr. Robinson shouted.
“My! What a touching scene!” Chad chuckled mirthlessly. “Unfortunately for you, I despise sappy scenes. Boys, chop that old geezer’s hand off!”
“Yes, sir!” The bodyguard, who had a machete with him, answered before swiftly raising the machete above his head.
“No!” Abigail shrieked in despair.
Just as the machete was brought down, a person appeared out of nowhere and grabbed it by the blade. Surprised by the resistance, the bodyguard looked up and found an impassive yet handsome face staring back at him. The person’s face was devoid of any emotion whatsoever. The bodyguard had a gut feeling that the person before him was not an average person but a lurking beast ready to pounce at any moment. The bodyguard felt an unknown terror rise within him.
“It’s you, sir?” Once the initial shock wore off, a wave of relief washed over Abigail, and she could no longer hold back the tears. Her savior had finally arrived.
“Tearing down houses against the owners’ will and assaulting them in public. Where did you get the audacity to do such things?” Dustin asked with an icy glint in his eyes.
###Chapter 652 by Marina Vittori
“Hey, punk! Where did you come from? How dare you meddle with my business!” Chad glared at him. He had yet to come across someone who did not tremble at the name of the Charging Tiger gang, but here was this insolent bastard who stood up for others and went against him. Did he have a death wish?
“You will pay back 10 times what the house is worth for demolishing it against their will. And whoever struck them, chop your hand yourself. If you do what I say, I’ll consider letting you go,” Dustin said nonchalantly.
“Let us go?” Chad cackled and looked at Dustin like he was an idiot. “Hey buddy, do you even know what you’re saying? Go, take a look in the mirror, man! You’re not a hero, and you damn sure ain’t going to be saving the damsel in distress today!”
“Where did this impulsive lad come from? Where did he get the courage to interfere with the Charging Tiger gang? Does he have no fear?”
“I applaud him for his bravery, but he must not be too bright to be doing something like that!”
“The Charging Tiger gang is renowned for being mercilessly brutal. This young man is getting himself into some unnecessary trouble!”
The onlookers whispered among themselves when they heard what Dustin said.
“I’ll count to three. If you do not do as I say, I’ll have to take action myself. And if I do, it won’t be as simple as chopping your hands off anymore,” Dustin warned.
“Well, aren’t you a cocky one?” Chad’s fury was ignited by Dustin’s words. “Bobby! Donny! Get him!”
“Yes, sir!” The two bodyguards exchanged looks and simultaneously threw a punch at Dustin’s face, one on the left and one on the right. The moment Dustin showed up, they felt a very imposing aura from him, so neither of them held back when they threw their punches. They gave it all they had, intending to take him out with a single move.
“You underestimate me.” Dustin scoffed and reached out with both hands, accurately grabbed both the bodyguards’ wrists, and then twisted them forcefully. With two loud cracks, their arms. were broken then and there. Their arms were badly deformed, and the broken bones pierced through flesh and skin, it was a gruesome sight for all..
“Ahhh!” Both men let out agonizing screams with tortured expressions on their faces. But before they could even move, Dustin continued with his assault. He threw a punch with both hands, each. one aimed at the two men’s chests. With two dull thuds, their sternums collapsed, and indentations the size of a fist could be seen on their chests.
At the same time, the two burly men were sent flying several feet away and crashed heavily into piles of rubble-like bags of sand. They both coughed out blood and laid unconscious. Although they did not die on the spot, they had little time left to live.
Chad was shocked by what he saw. His bodyguards were considered elites in the Charging Tiger gang, and they could take out at least 100 regular people on their own. No matter what trouble he got himself into, they had been able to handle their opponents with a breeze It was beyond him how they could be defeated by just a punch. And they were even so badly hurt that they were on
the verge of death. Who on earth was this punk?
“It’s your turn now.” Dustin turned to glare at Chad. So, are you doing it yourself, or shall I do it for
you?”
“Y-you! Stay away!” Chad had a bad premonition about the turn of events. “I’m warning you; my father is the leader of the Charging Tiger gang! If you so much as lay a single finger on me, my father will never let you go!” 1
“The son of the leader of the Charging Tiger gang!” A commotion broke out among the onlookers. They had thought that Chad was just an ordinary member of the Charging Tiger gang, but now that they learned that he was not just any other member but the son of the leader of the gang, it
made him seem even more formidable than he already was.
“I don’t care who you are. You either pay up and chop off your arm, or you’ll end up just like them,”
Dunstin said without a hint of emotion.
“Are you fucking deaf? I said, my father is the leader of “Chad was cut off mid-sentence as Dustin appeared right in front of him and grabbed him by the throat, lifting him off his feet. With his airway blocked, Chad could not breathe and kicked around wildly as he struggled to free
himself.
Fear bubbled from within him and overwhelmed him as he looked into Dustin’s cold, uncaring
eyes. At that moment, it finally registered to him that the person before him was an absolute madman who did not give a shit about who he was, If he wasn’t careful, this would be the day he bid the world goodbye.
“Wait, Mr. Rhys!” Right then, Mr. Robinson clambered up from the ground and reasoned with Dustin. “Mr. Rhys, we cannot afford to anger this person. Please put him down quickly, will you? The repercussions will be severe if you do not.”
“I shall bear every consequence of my actions,” Dustin assured.
“Mr. Rhys, I know that you’re powerful, so you’re not afraid of the Charging Tiger gang, but that isn’t how things are for us. We’re just ordinary civilians. We cannot afford to offend people like them. If you hurt him, we will also be dragged into the mess.” Mr. Robinson looked at Dustin with.
despair.
“Will you let him go just like that after all these terrible things he has done to you?” Dustin frowned.
“Mr. Rhys, peasants like us have no choice. All we ask for is a life of peace. Though we’ve indeed lost our house, we can still build another. As long as we’re unharmed, then it isn’t a big deal. Please, Mr. Rhys, I beg of you, release him.” As Mr. Robinson spoke, he suddenly fell to his knees and began begging Dustin to let go of Chad.
###Chapter 653 by Marina Vittori
“Why are you getting on your knees, Mr. Robinson?” Dustin was surprised by the sudden turn of events and quickly reached out to help him up. Though Mr. Robinson was just a regular civilian, Dustin had always viewed him as an elder who deserved respect.
“Mr. Rhys, I know that you’re trying to defend us, but while you may be able to protect us this time, you won’t be here to protect us forever. Mr. Robinson continued, “Using violence against violence will never solve the problem. Why don’t we all take a step back? I don’t mind suffering a little unfairness in life as long as we can continue on with our lives.”
Dustin was rendered speechless when he heard what Mr. Robinson said. When he put himself in Mr. Robinson’s shoes, he had to admit that what Mr. Robinson said made a lot of sense. Dustin might be able to help them out this once, but he wouldn’t be able to be there to help them out all the time.
Peasants had their way of life. Since they could not afford to offend anyone, they had to keep a low profile and watch every step that they took in order not to bring trouble upon themselves. Even if they suffered from any injustice, they would choose to ignore it and pretend that nothing had ever happened. Of course, it must feel terrible to live like that, but it was the only way of life that they knew
“Release him, Mr. Rhys,” Mr. Robinson begged once again. Dustin took a deep breath as he contemplated his decision. In the end, he chose to let Chad go. If even Mr. Robinson, who was the victim of this, did not wish to pursue the matter any further, then what was the point of him. insisting on making Chad pay for his actions?
“Thank you for your understanding. Mr. Rhys.” Mr. Robinson nodded at him as a sign of appreciation. Then, he went up to Chad and smiled apologetically. “My apologies, Mr. Miller. That
was all a misunderstanding Are you alright?”
“Hah! And here I was, thinking that you were something else. In the end, it turns out that you’re just a loser pretending to be all that!” Chad laughed arrogantly when Dustin finally let go of him. He was under the impression that Dustin only released him because he was intimidated by his power and status. After all, everyone in the entire neighborhood feared the name of the Charging Tiger gang.
“This is all my fault, Mr. Miller. I’m the one to blame Please do not be angry.” Mr. Robinson apologized humbly as he brushed the dust off Chad’s clothes.
“You know what’s good for you, old man.” Chad smiled meanly with a condescending pat on Mr. Robinson’s face as if he were some pet of his. Abigail was infuriated by this action of his. Even
Dustin could not help but frown.
“Thank you, Mr. Miller!” Mr. Robinson forced a smile.
“Why are you so quiet now, you asshole? Weren’t you acting all high and mighty just a while ago? I say you’re a gutsy one for daring to play rough with me!” Chad shot daggers at Dustin.
“I’m only letting you go for Mr. Robinson’s sake. You better know your place and don’t cross the line, or you’ll regret it.” Dustin warned coldly.
N
the verge of death. Who on earth was this punk?
“It’s your turn now.” Dustin turned to glare at Chad. So, are you doing it yourself, or shall I do it for you?”
“Y-you! Stay away!” Chad had a bad premonition about the turn of events. “I’m warning you; my father is the leader of the Charging Tiger gang! If you so much as lay a single finger on me, my father will never let you go!” 1
“The son of the leader of the Charging Tiger gang!” A commotion broke out among the onlookers. They had thought that Chad was just an ordinary member of the Charging Tiger gang, but now that they learned that he was not just any other member but the son of the leader of the gang, it made him seem even more formidable than he already was.
“I don’t care who you are. You either pay up and chop off your arm, or you’ll end up just like them,” Dunstin said without a hint of emotion.
“Are you fucking deaf? I said, my father is the leader of-” Chad was cut off mid-sentence as Dustin appeared right in front of him and grabbed him by the throat, lifting him off his feet. With his airway blocked, Chad could not breathe and kicked around wildly as he struggled to free himself.
Fear bubbled from within him and overwhelmed him as he looked into Dustin’s cold, uncaring eyes. At that moment, it finally registered to him that the person before him was an absolute madman who did not give a shit about who he was. If he wasn’t careful, this would be the day he bid the world goodbye.
“Wait, Mr. Rhys!” Right then, Mr. Robinson clambered up from the ground and reasoned with Dustin. “Mr. Rhys, we cannot afford to anger this person. Please put him down quickly, will you? The repercussions will be severe if you do not.”
“I shall bear every consequence of my actions,” Dustin assured.
“Mr. Rhys, I know that you’re powerful, so you’re not afraid of the Charging Tiger gang, but that isn’t how things are for us. We’re just ordinary civilians. We cannot afford to offend people like them. If you hurt him, we will also be dragged into the mess.” Mr. Robinson looked at Dustin with. despair.
“Will you let him go just like that after all these terrible things he has done to you?” Dustin
frowned.
“Mr. Rhys, peasants like us have no choice. All we ask for is a life of peace. Though we’ve indeed lost our house, we can still build another. As long as we’re unharmed, then it isn’t a big deal. Please, Mr. Rhys, I beg of you, release him.” As Mr. Robinson spoke, he suddenly fell to his knees and began begging Dustin to let go of Chad.
###Chapter 654 by Marina Vittori
Caught off guard, Chad stood frozen in place before he could react. When the pain finally hit him, he reached up to touch his head, only to find his hand covered in blood. There was a huge wound on his head!
“You-How dare you hit me?” Chad stared at Abigail in shock and anger. “You are done for! All of you are! I’ll-” A hard slap from Dustin shut him up and sent him sprawling to the ground. For a moment, Chad saw stars and bled from both his nose and mouth. Even two of his teeth were knocked out of his mouth.
“100 slaps, was it? Fine. We can do that.” Dustin grabbed a fistful of Chad’s hair and lifted him off his feet. Then, a torrent of slaps rained down on Chad’s face continuously. Following a series of sharp slapping sounds, Chad’s face became red and swollen, and he was on the brink of losing consciousness.
Shocked by Dustin’s violent assault, the onlookers gaped in terror. The person who was being beaten up was the son of the leader of the Charging Tiger gang! A person whose powers were unimaginable and who had connections in both the legal system and the underworld. People like them always had their way and have never been publicly shamed like this! How did this young. man dare to do something so audacious?
“My word! This brat is gutsy! He even has the guts to beat up the son of the leader of the Charging Tiger gang!”
“I say he’s just impulsive! I don’t think he understands how much trouble he’s gotten himself into!”
“He might have just suffered a good beating for what he’s said, but now that he’s pulled something
like this, his life might be on the line!”
The crowd commented on Dustin’s reckless behavior.
“He deserves that!” After everything that Chad put them through, Abigail found Dustin’s actions. very satisfying. Chad had led his men to tear down their house and bullied them as he wished. His actions were horrible, to say the least. And a beast like him deserved every bit of Dustin’s beating.
“Oh no… oh no! He’s done it now. He’s offended the Charging Tiger gang. What do we do now?” Mr. Robinson’s expression was both woeful and flustered. He had tried his best to mediate between. them, but still, he did not manage to calm both parties down, which ended up with the situation. escalating.
After several tens of slaps later, Dustin suddenly felt the weight in his grip disappear. Chad’s hair could no longer sustain his weight and finally gave way, which resulted in a patch of his hair being ripped off his scalp. With a bald spot on the top of his head, Chad slumped to the ground, his face so swollen that it was no longer recognizable.
I’m not done with you yet.” Dustin reached out for Chad’s collar, ready to make good on their deal of 100 slaps. But before he could continue, more than 10 white vans pulled up by the curb. The doors opened, and over 100 henchmen with machetes rushed out of the vans. They were all dressed in black, with a huge image of a tiger’s head embroidered in the middle. They looked mighty and domineering.
“It’s the Charging Tiger gang! These are people from the Charging Tiger gang!” The crowd quickly dispersed, or else they would be dragged into the mess as well.
###Chapter 655 by Marina Vittori
“Who would have guessed that the Charging Tiger gang would get here so fast? The young man’s in deep trouble now!”
“Well, he deserves it. I mean, why did he have to go and offend the son of their leader?”
“Exactly. We, common folks, have our way of life. If he didn’t have the power, then he should have laid low. See, now even his life is in danger.” The crowd looked at Dustin as if he were already a dead man
The Charging Tiger gang had always been known for their arrogance and vengefulness. Anyone who offended them met a tragic fate-they’d either go bankrupt, or their family would suffer great tragedy. There has never been an instance like today, where the son of their leader had been beaten up, and so brutally, at that. Even when an ordinary gang member experienced injustice, the gang would go all out to demand a payback. So, now that it happened to their leader’s son, it was inevitable that Dustin and the Robinsons’ would bear the full wrath of the Charging Tiger gang. “Oh no, darn it! Now we’re all done for!” Edmund felt weak in the knees when he saw the fierce appearance of the members of the Charging Tiger gang, and his face paled.
“There are so many of them?” Abigail frowned, worry written all over her face. She could not help the trepidation that crept up on her. She knew Dustin was a skilled fighter, but the Charging Tiger gang had the numbers. She counted at least 100 henchmen, each armed with a machete. No matter how skilled Dustin was, he was severely outnumbered.
Right then, Chad, with his terribly swollen and bruised face, seemed to be aware that something was going on, so he tried his best to open his eyes Managing only to open his eyes into the narrowest of slits, he saw the situation around him and laughed maniacally. “Hahaha! My men from the Charging Tiger gang are here! You, all of you, will die here today!”
“Run, Sir! I’ll hold them back!” Abigail saw the Charging Tiger gang close in on them, and she rushed to stand in front of Dustin, raising the broken bat above her head with a determined look. She had been the one who called Dustin, so now that there was trouble, she had to be the one to bear full responsibility. 1
“Take care of yourself, kid! These shrimps can’t hurt me,” Dustin said calmly, showing no sign of fear.
“But, Sir, there are so many of them! How can you fend them off alone? I don’t want you to get into. trouble! Quick, go now!” Abigail urged Dustin anxiously.
As they spoke, the gang members had already surrounded them. Even if they wished to leave now, -they no longer had a way out.
“Hah! Weren’t you boasting earlier? Scared now? It’s too late!” With a grotesque expression, Chad hissed, “I’m telling you, this is just the beginning! I will make sure that you pay ten times, no, a hundred times worse for what you did to me! I’ll make your life a living hell!”
“You’re too noisy.” Dustin scoffed before giving Chad a kick that sent him flying several feet away.
“Chad!” The Charging Tiger gang members were astonished and quickly rushed over to help him up. The moment Chad got back on his feet, he spat out a mouthful of blood and nearly fell to the
ground once again. The burning desire for revenge kept him going, despite the excruciating pain he was experiencing. His deathly glare was fixed on Dustin, as if he wanted to swallow him whole.
“Who dares hit my son?” A loud, authoritative sound boomed.
The horde of Charging Tiger members who had formed a barrier around Dustin and the Robinsons parted. Soon after, a burly and menacing figure clad in a fur coat strode in with an air of arrogance and confidence. This was none other than the leader of the Charging Tiger gang, Felix Miller!
“No way! The leader of the Charging Tiger gang himself showed up? Things are about to get real ugly!”
“Felix Miller is infamous for his ruthlessness! Anybody who crosses him would much rather face death than endure his torment.”
“If I were the young man, I’d end myself right now to avoid Felix Miller’s cruel torture!”
A commotion broke out among the crowd once more due to Felix Miller’s presence.
For the leader of the gang himself to show up with such a huge entourage, it was obvious that the Charging Tiger gang intended to assert their dominance.
“You’re finally here, Dad! If you were any later, this bastard would’ve finished me off!”
###Chapter 656 by Marina Vittori
When Chad saw his father, he immediately ran over to him, stumbling as he went. He looked like a real mess; his face was swollen and bruised, and blood trickled down his mouth.
“How did you end up like this?” Felix frowned, his expression darkening. As a leader of one of the four largest gangs in Millsburg, he was considered an underground overlord. His son had always been the bully, never the other way around. Now that his son has been messed with, it went without saying that he was fuming.
“I didn’t have a choice, Dad! I ran into the greatest idiot today who had zero respect for the Charging Tiger gang! He attacked me out of the blue! Look what he did to me! Look at my face! You have to get revenge for me!” Chad wailed miserably as he ratted on Dustin.
“Who’s the insolent bastard who dared to underestimate the power of the Charging Tiger gang?” Felix snarled.
“It’s him!” Chad pointed his finger at Dustin and said, “He slapped me over and over! My head is still buzzing from the pain!”
“You scumbag! How dare you hit my son? I’ll-” When Felix followed Chad’s pointed finger, he suddenly froze and cut himself off in the middle of his threats. “It’s him?” At the sight of Dustin, all his hair stood on ends, and he felt his skin crawl. A chilly sensation ran from the top of his head to the bottom of his feet.
He had been at the Doyles’ yesterday to watch the dueling competition. The memory of Dustin defeating Terry Doyle with his unbelievable powers was still fresh in his mind. It was shocking!
Terry Doyle was a legendary figure, ranking thirteenth among the Heavenly Immortals. He was widely acknowledged as a martial arts genius and was one of the candidates for the next master of the Balerno martial arts. Any mention of his name evoked admiration from others. But this greaf and legendary figure ultimately met defeat at the hands of Dustin Rhys, so it was easy for Felix to imagine just how formidable the person before him was!
It took a powerful person to know one, and in his position, Felix knew all too well how fearsome a powerful martial artist was. To say that Dustin could single-handedly wipe out the entire Charging Tiger gang was no exaggeration.
“How did I manage to get into trouble with someone so terrifying?” Felix gulped, breaking out in cold sweat. He was truly intimidated by Dustin’s presence.
“You bastard! Now that my Dad’s here, you’re dead meat! No God can save you now!” Chad, still oblivious to Dustin’s status, shouted at him.
“Shut up! Not another word from you!” Gripped with fear, Felix signaled to Chad with his eyes to shut him up. He dreaded even thinking about what would happen to them if this man before him took offense at Chad’s taunts. Harry Hall, the former leader of the Flame Dragon gang, was the perfect example.
“Go ahead, Dad! Use all your most brutal tactics on him! Let this bastard know what it means to be in a living hell!” Chad laughed hysterically.
Dustin frowned at Chad’s words. This minor gesture alone scared Felix so much that he felt his
knees buckle. Truth be told, he was just short of peeing his pants.
“Dad, why are you still standing there? Get this brat and show him what you got!” Chad continued.
“To hell with your nonsense, Chad! Shut up!” Felix couldn’t take it anymore and struck his son across the face so forcefully that Chad spun twice before collapsing to the ground like a sack of potatoes.
“D-Dad… why did you hit me?” Chad cupped his swollen cheeks in his hand, unable to wrap his head around what had happened.
But Felix didn’t even spare him a glance as he fearfully approached Dustin. Amidst everyone’s shocked and astonished gaze, he fell to his knees and prostrated in front of Dustin. “I bow before you in reverence, Mr. Rhys! Felix Miller, leader of the Charging Tiger gang at your service, sir!”
###Chapter 657 by Marina Vittori
“I bow before you in reverence, Mr. Rhys! Felix Miller, leader of the Charging Tiger gang at your service, sir!” As the crowd watched, Felix fell to his knees and prostrated before Dustin.
A hushed silence fell over the crowd. Chad was dumbfounded, as were Edmund, Abigail, and the onlookers. Even the members of the Charging Tiger gang were dumbfounded. Dustin found himself gaping at the sight before him.
No one had ever imagined that Felix Miller, the fearsome leader of the mighty Charging Tiger gang, known for being merciless, would publicly prostrate before Dustin. It was as though he had met someone whom he greatly admired and feared. It was quite unsettling and unthinkable.
“Wha-Is this for real?” Abigail stared wide-eyed.
“What on earth is going on?” The onlookers looked at each other in bewilderment and disbelief.
“Am I seeing things? The leader is prostrating before the little bastard?” Members of the Charging Tiger gang couldn’t believe their eyes. Their leader held such prestigious status that even among the prominent Fabulous Five, he walked with his head held high. Why then would he tremble and shake at the sight of the young troublemaker, so much so that he could not even stand on his feet?
“No… no way!” Chad shook his head violently, his entire worldview shaken to its core. In his eyes, his father was an upright and heroic figure, always remaining stoic and composed even in the face of adversaries. So how could such a great person assume such a lowly stance before another?
“What are you playing at?” Dustin wondered aloud as he stared at Felix. He was certain that he didn’t know this man. It was truly mind-boggling to have someone get down on their knees on the first meeting.
“I sincerely apologize for our behavior, Mr. Rhys. I hope you can find it in you to forgive us this once if we have offended you.” Felix smiled apologetically, fear evident in his eyes.
“Do I know you?” Dustin asked.
“You don’t know me, but I’ve had the honor of watching you fight. You were incredible at the Doyles’ yesterday. Truly impressive!” Felix praised him.
Dustin had indeed made a reputation for himself across Millsburg after the duel yesterday, and the Flame Dragon gang had risen in the ranks to become the most powerful gang in Millsburg overnight. 1
“Oh, so you were there too.” Dustin nodded with understanding. He finally understood what was going on. The reason Felix feared him so much that he was brought to his knees was that he was intimidated by Dustin’s powers. But that worked well for Dustin, too, because then, there wouldn’t need to be a massacre.
“Dad! What are you doing? You are the formidable leader of the mighty Charging Tiger gang! Why are you on your knees at this bastard’s feet?” When Chad finally came to his senses, he immediately ran up to Felix and demanded an explanation.
“Shut up!” Felix’s expression darkened as he jumped to his feet and gave Chad two slaps across the face. “You insolent child! Apologize to Mr. Rhys right now, or I’ll skin you alive!”
“Me? Apologize to him? Why should I?” Chad held his face in his hand, looking both unwilling and aggrieved.
“Why should you? Because he’s the leader of the Flame Dragon gang, that’s why! And because he’s defeated Terry Doyle! Is that reason enough for you?” Felix roared.
“What? He’s the leader of the Flame Dragon gang?” Chad stood frozen in place upon hearing that. His previous defiance was replaced by complete awe. Though he had never met Dustin in person, he had certainly heard of him.
Dustin had shown up at the dueling competition as the leader of the Flame Dragon gang at the Doyles’ yesterday, intimidating everyone with his presence. Even the elderly master of the martial world personally went up to him to greet him. His talent and strength had marked him out as a person who would undoubtedly emerge as the champion, earning the awe and admiration of countless people.
No wonder his father feared him. So this was the impressive figure who nearly turned the Doyle family upside down! With a thud, Chad’s knees buckled, and he, too, fell to his knees under the astonished gaze of the onlookers.
###Chapter 658 by Marina Vittori
For a moment, a commotion spread through the crowd. Felix Miller had just prostrated before Dustin, and now Chad Miller followed suit. What was going on? Was this what they called “like father, like son”? Though they didn’t exactly know what had happened, anyone could tell that the Charging Tiger gang was in trouble. They were sure the handsome young man possessed considerable influence.
“I was wrong, Mr. Rhys. It’s all my fault. I failed to recognize you, and I underestimated you. Please don’t take my wrongdoings to heart. I hope you can find it in you to forgive me,” Chad apologized as he slapped himself repeatedly. With each slap, a loud, clear smacking sound echoed, showing just how hard he was slapping himself. In no time, he quickly made up for the remaining 20 to 30 slaps that Dustin had left out.
“Please get things right. The person you should be apologizing to isn’t me,” Dustin said impassively.
Chad seemed caught off guard initially, but he quickly caught on and went over to Edmund and Abigail. Then, he kneeled and said, “I am truly sorry. This is all my fault. I beg for your forgiveness. I will compensate you ten times for all your losses!”
“Hah! Who wants your filthy money?” Abigail turned away huffily, not wanting to bother herself. with the likes of him.
“What are you doing, Mr. Miller? Please don’t kneel to us!” Edmund was so frightened that he quickly reached out his hand, signaling for Chad to stand up.
“If you don’t forgive me, I will keep kneeling until you do.” Chad seemed bent on receiving their forgiveness.
“Alright, alright, we forgive you. You’re forgiven. Please, do kneel any longer!” Edmund nodded. furiously, obviously overwhelmed by Chad’s behavior. Chad then turned around to glance at Dustin. Only when he saw that Dustin gave him no reaction did he slowly straighten up.
“Mr. Rhys, your magnanimity is truly admirable. You are a role model for people like us!” Felix quickly complemented him when he saw that the critical situation had been averted.
“Pay up first,” Dustin piped up.
“Yes, yes. Right away.” Without a moment’s hesitation, Felix immediately wrote a check for twenty million dollars check and handed it to Edmund.
“It’s… it’s too much!” Edmund dared not take the money.
“What do you mean it’s too much? He owes it to us!” Abigail didn’t waste any time and snatched the check from his hands, stashing it safely away in her pocket.
“Mr. Rhys, I’ve paid them.” Felix conjured up the brightest smile he could manage.
“Now that you’ve paid them, let’s talk business,” Dustin continued. “From what I’ve heard, the Charging Tiger gang is pretty powerful and possesses great influence in the city’s northern region.
“I wouldn’t say we’ve got great influence. We’re just doing okay, I guess. Of course, we’re nothing
“Me? Apologize to him? Why should I?” Chad held his face in his hand, looking both unwilling and aggrieved.
“Why should you? Because he’s the leader of the Flame Dragon gang, that’s why! And because he’s defeated Terry Doyle! Is that reason enough for you?” Felix roared.
“What? He’s the leader of the Flame Dragon gang?” Chad stood frozen in place upon hearing that. His previous defiance was replaced by complete awe. Though he had never met Dustin in person, he had certainly heard of him.
Dustin had shown up at the dueling competition as the leader of the Flame Dragon gang at the Doyles’ yesterday, intimidating everyone with his presence. Even the elderly master of the martial world personally went up to him to greet him. His talent and strength had marked him out as a person who would undoubtedly emerge as the champion, earning the awe and admiration of countless people.
No wonder his father feared him. So this was the impressive figure who nearly turned the Doyle family upside down! With a thud, Chad’s knees buckled, and he, too, fell to his knees under the astonished gaze of the onlookers.
Chapter 658
For a moment, a commotion spread through the crowd. Felix Miller had just prostrated before Dustin, and now Chad Miller followed suit. What was going on? Was this what they called “like father, like son”? Though they didn’t exactly know what had happened, anyone could tell that the Charging Tiger gang was in trouble. They were sure the handsome young man possessed considerable influence.
“I was wrong, Mr. Rhys. It’s all my fault. I failed to recognize you, and I underestimated you. Please don’t take my wrongdoings to heart. I hope you can find it in you to forgive me,” Chad apologized as he slapped himself repeatedly. With each slap, a loud, clear smacking sound echoed, showing just how hard he was slapping himself. In no time, he quickly made up for the remaining 20 to 30 slaps that Dustin had left out.
“Please get things right. The person you should be apologizing to isn’t me,” Dustin said impassively.
Chad seemed caught off guard initially, but he quickly caught on and went over to Edmund and Abigail. Then, he kneeled and said, “I am truly sorry This is all my fault. I beg for your forgiveness. I will compensate you ten times for all your losses!”
“Hah! Who wants your filthy money?” Abigail turned away huffily, not wanting to bother herself with the likes of him.
“What are you doing, Mr. Miller? Please don’t kneel to us!” Edmund was so frightened that he quickly reached out his hand, signaling for Chad to stand up.
“If you don’t forgive me, I will keep kneeling until you do.” Chad seemed bent on receiving their forgiveness.
“Alright, alright, we forgive you. You’re forgiven. Please, do kneel any longer!” Edmund nodded. furiously, obviously overwhelmed by Chad’s behavior. Chad then turned around to glance at Dustin. Only when he saw that Dustin gave him no reaction did he slowly straighten up.
“Mr. Rhys, your magnanimity is truly admirable. You are a role model for people like us!” Felix quickly complemented him when he saw that the critical situation had been averted.
“Pay up first,” Dustin piped up.
“Yes, yes. Right away.” Without a moment’s hesitation, Felix immediately wrote a check for twenty million dollars check and handed it to Edmund.
“It’s it’s too much!” Edmund dared not take the money.
“What do you mean it’s too much? He owes it to us!” Abigail didn’t waste any time and snatched the check from his hands, stashing it safely away in her pocket.
“Mr. Rhys, I’ve paid them.” Felix conjured up the brightest smile he could manage.
“Now that you’ve paid them, let’s talk business,” Dustin continued. “From what I’ve heard, the Charging Tiger gang is pretty powerful and possesses great influence in the city’s northern region.
“I wouldn’t say we’ve got great influence. We’re just doing okay, I guess. Of course, we’re nothing
1/2
compared to you, Mr. Rhys.” Felix smiled humbly.
“Don’t give me that. I know your background pretty well,” Dustin said. “Truth be told, the Flame Dragon gang is looking to expand, so we’re recruiting talented individuals to join us. Would you be interested in joining?”
“Join the Flame Dragon gang?” Felix was taken aback, and it took him quite a while to react. He was the leader of the Charging Tiger gang, so how could he possibly join the Flame Dragon gang? “If you join us, I’ll make you the vice leader. You’ll be on par with Nelson Horst.”
“And what about my Charging Tiger gang?” An uneasy feeling washed over Felix.
“Easy, it’ll be absorbed into the Flame Dragon gang. Dustin dropped a bomb.
“What?” Felix was shocked. He thought Dustin had just mentioned it as a passing comment. Who would have thought that he meant what he said and had actually intended to absorb the entire Charging Tiger gang? Wasn’t that too much?
“What’s the matter? You don’t want to?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“Well…” Felix stuttered.
Everyone knew that it was always better to hold an important position in a relatively smaller setting rather than getting a less influential role in a larger, more prominent setting. As the current leader of the Charging Tiger gang, he had absolute control over every one of his members. It was a no-brainer that he wouldn’t want to be demoted to vice leader of the Flame Dragon gang. “If you don’t want to, I won’t force you
When Felix heard that, he heaved a sigh of relief. But Dustin’s next words hit him like a bolt of lightning
“I’ve always been someone who wins others over with my capabilities. I won’t force myself on anyone. This’s why the previous leader of the Flame Dragon gang, Harry Hall, chose to step back. So, what do you think? Do you think he made the right move?” Dustin smiled.
###Chapter 659 by Marina Vittori
Felix was frozen with fear when he saw the devilish smile on Dustin’s face. Cold sweat broke out all over him. While others might not know how Harry Hall, the previous leader of the Flame Dragon gang, had died, Felix knew very well why. It was precisely this person standing before him who had killed Harry off to take his place. His talk about winning people over with his capabilities? If anything, that was a blatant threat! If Felix didn’t comply, he might very well end up just like Harry Hall!
“Alright, you may leave now. Till we meet again!” Dustin smiled meaningfully, sending panic through Felix. He knew that he was every part a mortal, just as Harry Hall was. If he really turned Dustin down, he might not live to see the next sunrise.
“Mr. Rhys, it would be my honor to join the Flame Dragon gang. If you would have us, I, Felix Miller, will gladly lead all my members in the Charging Tiger gang to devote ourselves to the Flame Dragon gang!” Felix declared, putting on a righteous front.
“Please don’t feel pressured, Mr. Miller. I don’t like to coerce others.” Dustin shook his head.
“This is no coercion! I’ve long heard of your great reputation, Mr. Rhys, and I greatly admire you. Now that I’ve had the honor of meeting you, I’m completely won over by your character. Please bestow upon me the honor, sir!” Felix cried out passionately.
“Are you sure you wish to join the Flame Dragon gang?” Dustin asked again.
“Of course I’m sure! I believe that under your leadership, Mr. Rhys, the Flame Dragon gang will surpass all others and become the most powerful gang!” Felix praised excessively.
“Very well, from now on, you’ll be the vice leader of the Flame Dragon gang. You’ll still have control over the members who were previously part of the Charging Tiger gang, and all your turf will remain yours,” Dustin announced.
“Thank you for allowing me this honor, Mr. Rhys!” Felix exclaimed with elation. His biggest concern was losing his authority when he joined the Flame Dragon gang. But since that hadn’t changed, and only his title was different, he seemed to have suffered no loss at all.
Before this encounter, Felix had a certain aversion toward Dustin, but now, all he felt was admiration. Dustin was powerful and knew how to make things work in his favor. He was also courageous, and most importantly, Felix saw immense potential in him. It was not a bad idea to serve someone like that.
“Alright, you go ahead and go to the Flame Dragon gang and meet up with Nelson Horst.” Dustin dismissed him with a wave.
“Yes, sir!” Felix answered and quickly left with his men.
As he watched them leave, Dustin fell into deep thought. He knew Felix would have ions, but he had his ways of pursuing him to join willingly. His target wasn’t just the Charging Tiger gang but also the other two major gangs. Simply put, he wanted to merge the four major gangs in order to form new rules and create an orderly system.
Currently, the four major gangs had their own interests at heart and would often get into gang fights with each other. In the eyes of truly powerful people, they seemed trivial and
inconsequential, as they had no sense of cooperation. However, once they were merged, they would become an unbelievably formidable power, even surpassing that of the Fabulous Five! Gaining control over the four major gangs would make him the King of the Underworld in Millsburg!
Just then, the sound of a car honking filled the air. Dustin turned around to see a silver Bentley slowly pulling over by the side of the road. As the door opened, an exquisite lady with a perfect figure stepped out of the car and slowly approached them. 1
It was Natasha! She was dressed in a burgundy-red overcoat, a black turtleneck top, and a pair of Hermès boots. She looked stylish and elegant, exuding an air of nobility.
“Why are you here, Natasha?” Dustin’s eyes lit up. Despite being familiar with her, he couldn’t help but be in awe of her beauty every time he saw her. 1
“I heard Mr. Robinson ran into some trouble, so I came to check on things. Didn’t expect to find you here already!” Natasha smiled.
“Ms. Natasha.”
###Chapter 660 by Marina Vittori
Edmund quickly greeted Natasha. “Ms. Natasha,” Abigail greeted her too. Back when her father used to work for the Harmons, Abigail had her fair share of interactions with Natasha. She found her to be a thoughtful, caring, and gentle person who would occasionally give her gifts. It wasn’t until Natasha went to Swinton to further her career that the two rarely met anymore.
“Abigail, I haven’t seen you in two years! You’ve grown up into such a beautiful young lady!” Natasha praised with a light-hearted chuckle.
“You’re the beautiful one, Ms. Natasha. There are countless ladies in Millsburg who envy your beauty.” Abigail looked at her with admiration. Few could match Natasha’s beauty and elegance in the whole of Balerno, much less Millsburg.
“How sweet.” Natasha tapped Abigail’s nose adoringly before looking back at the ruins behind them. “It seems like your house has been completely torn down. Why don’t you go back with me to the Harmon estate and stay there for a few days? It’d be a good opportunity for us to catch up too.”
“It wouldn’t be right to trouble you like that, Ms. Natasha. We’ll just find somewhere else to stay for a few days,” Edmund declined.
“It’s almost New Year’s; where will you find a place to stay at a time like this? Besides, we have plenty of empty rooms at the Harmon estate, and you’re familiar with the place too. What harm. will it do to stay there for a couple of days?” Natasha didn’t see any trouble with that at all.
“Well…” Edmund found himself in quite a dilemma!
“Ms. Natasha’s right. If you’re not going, I’ll go myself!” Abigail huffed.
“Don’t hesitate, Mr. Robinson. Come on, get in the car. There are so many of us waiting,” Natasha urged.
“In that case, I’ll have to trouble you then, Ms. Natasha.” Edmund looked around, and in the end, he nodded. It wouldn’t be right to decline such a generous offer. If he refused any longer, it would come off as impolite.
After getting into the car, the four of them quickly left the village. Half an hour later, they arrived at the Harmon estate. Edmund and Abigail couldn’t help but sigh when they saw the familiar sights through the car window. Having worked for the Harmons for so many years, the estate was akin to their second home.
After taking Edmund and Abigail to their lodgings, Natasha led Dustin to Hector’s study room, and they stood outside the door.
“Why have you brought me here, Natasha?” Dustin couldn’t help but wonder.
“There’s something my dad would like to discuss with you.”
“What is it?”
“I’m not sure. Maybe it’s something to do with our marriage.” Natasha smiled coyly.
“Don’t spout nonsense.” Dustin shot her a glare. Nothing was official between them yet, so how could they be talking about marriage? It definitely wasn’t going to be so soon!
“What? Do you not wish to marry me? Or is it because you still have feelings for Dahlia Nicholson? “Natasha asked, subtly probing.
Dustin cleared his throat awkwardly. “If Mr. Harmon wants to meet me, I’m sure he has something important to discuss. We’d better go in now.” Seeing that the conversation was veering into dangerous waters, Dustin swiftly pushed the door open and went in.
“Hah! Just wait till I get the chance to stake my claim on you! I’d like to see how you’ll deny my hand in marriage then!” Natasha thought to herself as she bit her lip. She followed him in soon after.
Inside the study, Hector was quietly reading a book, and the room was still brightly lit. It was obvious he hadn’t slept the entire night. “Oh, you’re here? Have a seat.” Hector put down his book and poured them each a cup of tea when he saw them enter.
“Mr. Harmon, is something the matter? Why did you call me here?” Dustin asked tentatively.
“I heard from Natasha that you gave her a call yesterday, telling her to watch out for the Dark Lord What was that about?” Hector cut straight to the point.
“It was Azalea. She gave me information that the Dark Lord is now in Millsburg. It’s highly likely that he’ll strike again during New Year’s,” Dustin said solemnly.
“It’s three days away from New Year’s Eve. So you’re saying the Dark Lord will appear again in three days?” Hector seemed deep in thought.
“That’s right.” Dustin nodded.
“Sounds like the Dark Lord isn’t planning on letting us have a peaceful New Year’s celebration!” Hector narrowed his eyes ever so slightly as a murderous gleam flashed in his eyes. After fighting and scheming against each other for so long, it was finally time to draw an end to things.
###Chapter 661 by Marina Vittori
“How do you plan to deal with this, Mr. Harmon?” Dustin asked. “Since the Dark Lord is drawing near, I’ll have to make arrangements in advance. Just to be prepared, I’ll spare no expense to hire skilled martial artists to guard the house,” Hector declared in all seriousness.
Not only was the Dark Lord exceptionally skilled in martial art, but he was also accomplished in the mystic arts. The Harmon family’s shadow guards alone were no match for him, so he would need to hire backup. Not only will this strengthen their forces, but it would also minimize potential losses for the Harmons.
“Mr. Harmon, the Dark Lord will not act alone. He has many disciples, and each one of them possesses remarkable skills. You will have to consider that too,” Dustin reminded.
“Yes, I’ll take note of that. The Harmon family will be under strict security measures for the next few days to prevent any unwanted visitors.” Hector nodded.
“Dad, I remember Grandfather saying that we have a trump card. What is it?” Natasha asked out of the blue.
“It’s a person,” Hector replied, his voice lowered.
“A person? Who is it?” Natasha’s curiosity was piqued.
“There are five ultimate grandmasters in Balerno-Paul Hill, Zachary Graves, Ronald Reeds, Clarence Lawson, and Michael Robinson. The person I’m talking about is none other than one of the five ultimate grandmasters, Michael Robinson!”
Hector’s words shocked both Natasha and Dustin.
“The grandmaster Michael Robinson?” Natasha’s eyes widened in extreme astonishment.
The five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno were formidable figures with reputations that extended across the entire nation! They were like towering mountains, magnificent and awe- inspiring, yet seemingly out of reach. When faced with grandmasters, the presence of regular people and low-level martial artists was no different from those of ants. There was even a widely circulated saying that everyone below the level of a grandmaster was like ants, and this went to show the immense power of a grandmaster.
It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that any one of the five ultimate grandmasters alone could easily wipe out the entire Harmon family. So, when Natasha heard her father say that their trump card was Michael Robinson, her first reaction was shock, followed by doubt.
“Dad, you’re not joking, are you? How do we have a connection with Michael Robinson?” Natasha asked, both surprised and skeptical.
“The Harmon family has had its time of glory. What’s the surprise in us having connections with some big shots?” Hector calmly sipped on his tea.
“Dad, what does he look like? Does he look imposing?” Natasha began to gossip.
“I’m not entirely sure how he looks. I haven’t met him in person, either. Your grandfather’s the only one who knows. Your grandfather helped him ten years ago, so he owes us a favor,” Hector
1/2
explained
“The favor of a grandmaster martial artist is priceless! With Michael Robinson backing us up, dealing with the Dark Lord would be a piece of cake!” Natasha looked overjoyed. “Dad, why haven’t you used this valuable trump card earlier? We wouldn’t have to worry so much then.”
Over the years, the Harmons had been oppressed by the Dark Lord. Every year, several bizarre deaths would happen in the family, wreaking havoc and instilling fear in their hearts. The Harmons would have long since fallen if they had not been so strong and resilient.
“I, too, would like to get rid of the Dark Lord once and for all, but your grandfather had given me strict instructions that unless the safety of the entire Harmon family is at stake, I am not to use the favor.” Hector shook his head.
The Harmons could only ask for Michael’s help once. It only made sense that they should not waste the opportunity on trivial matters. Besides, the Dark Lord had always been cautious, acting in the dark and never showing his face to anyone. Even someone as powerful as Michael would find it arduous to catch him. For a cat to catch the mouse, the mouse had to first come out of hiding…
“Dad, the Dark Lord could barge through our doors at any moment now! Are we still not going to use it?” Natasha insisted. She was impressed by her father’s resilience.
“There’s no rush. I have my plans,” Hector said calmly before adding, “When the time comes, all it takes is a signal from our end, and Michael will be here in no time.”
###Chapter 662 by Marina Vittori
“Alright, you’re the leader of the family. It’s your decision ” Natasha didn’t voice much of her
opinion. It was true that they shouldn’t play their trump card, Michael Robinson, so easily. The best outcome would be to resolve the crisis and eliminate the Dark Lord of their own means so that not only will they still be in possession of their trump card, but it would also boost the entire family’s morale.
“Mr. Harmon, I’m curious. What grudge the Dark Lord holds against the Harmon family?” Dustin suddenly questioned.
“Well…” Hector seemed to hesitate for a moment.
“Mr. Harmon, I asked because I’m curious. If you don’t feel like telling me, don’t stress about it.” Dustin smiled. He knew better than to probe if it involved any of the family’s secrets.
“Dad, there’s no harm in spilling the truth. Dustin isn’t an outsider,” Natasha coaxed. She, too, didn’t know much about the grievances between her family and the Dark Lord.
“Alright then, if you must know, I’ll tell you.” After some contemplation, Hector began. “The reason behind the resentment between us Harmons and the Dark Lord is simple. It’s all because of riches. “Back in the days, the Harmon ancestors used to be royalty, and we had our period of glory. Back then, our ancestors amassed a huge amount of treasure, and to put things simply, we were immensely wealthy. But as time passed, things happened, and there was a change of monarchies. In order to safeguard the treasure, our ancestors buried them in a safe place and drew out a map pointing to the exact location where the treasure was buried. As a precaution, the treasure map was split into three parts. They were to be kept by the three sons of the Harmon family.
“The original plan had been to use the treasure to aid the Harmon family in regaining their former glory when the time came. But beyond everyone’s expectation, the three sons eventually turned on each other and disappeared with their part of the map. From then on, the Harmon family split into three branches and made their way in the world independent of one another.
“After centuries of ups and downs, the three lineages of the Harmon family eventually reached different outcomes. Some grew stronger, while others declined. And the maps were passed on from one generation to the next. It wasn’t until a decade ago, when Stonia went through some changes which brought about the great earthquake in Dragonmarsh, that something happened. The strongest branch of the Harmon family mysteriously just disappeared overnight! And the two remaining branches were implicated in varying degrees too. We were one of them.
“Fortunately for us, we pulled through it and made it out stronger than before. The other branch, however, did not fare so well and eventually perished.” At the mention of that, Hector stopped abruptly and sighed lightly.
“Dad, I’ve seen the history on the genealogical register, but what has the Dark Lord got to do with this?” Natasha asked.
“All these years, the Dark Lord has had many chances to kill me, but he has always held back. Do you know why?” Hector countered.
“Was it because of the treasure map?” Natasha quickly understood.
1/2
“That’s right.” Hector nodded. “Who wouldn’t want to get their hands on immeasurable riches? The Dark Lord is no different. The only reason he hasn’t killed me is because he hasn’t got the map. All this time, he’d been pressuring me in every way imaginable in order to make me give up the map.
“Hang on…” Dustin suddenly asked curiously, “Mr. Harmon, surely this matter about the treasure map is a secret known by only Harmons?”
“Of course.” Hector nodded yet again.
“Well, if this is a Harmon family secret, how would the Dark Lord know about it?” Dustin could not contain his concern.
“Seems like you’ve noticed.” Hector sighed before continuing, “Out of the three lineages of Harmons, one has mysteriously disappeared, one has perished, and we are the last one standing. As for the Dark Lord, he is the sole survivor of the lineage that had perished!”
###Chapter 663 by Marina Vittori
“The sole survivor?” Dustin and Natasha exchanged a look of surprise. It was truly astonishing to them that the Dark Lord was also a Harmon! And not only that, but one from the same ancestry! No wonder he knew so many of their secrets.
“The three branches stemmed from the same ancestry, but due to the Dark Lord’s selfishness, he went so far as to harm his kinsmen. How inhumane!” Natasha slammed her hand on the table out of frustration. She was even more irked after learning about the truth. She could have been more understanding if their current predicament had been caused by some deep grudge between both parties, but to think it was all because of a treasure map? The Dark Lord actually assassinated members of the Harmon family for so many years, all for a mere map? He was extremely deranged! “Men’s greed is endless. The temptation of the treasure is immense, and the Dark Lord will never back off till he gets his hands on them,” Hector said.
“One of the three branches has already disappeared, which means that a part of the map is missing. Even if the Dark Lord manages to obtain our part of the map through all his vile schemes, what use has he of it? Isn’t it pointless?” Natasha asked coldly. The Dark Lord would not be able to find the treasure with an incomplete map. From how Natasha saw it, he was only caught up in his wishful thinking.
“The Dark Lord has been blinded by greed. He has long since lost all sense of rationality. When you become the next leader of the family, I’ll personally hand our part of the map to you. When the time comes, you must protect it to the best of your ability,” Hector said solemnly.
“No, you hold on to your position as the patriach. I’m not interested in it.” Natasha waved her hands dismissively. The treasure map was no doubt troublesome. If she were to take over, she could only begin to imagine the problem she’d have to deal with.
“Alright, we’ll discuss this in the future. I don’t want to force you into anything, either. The most pressing matter at hand is to defeat the Dark Lord Hector continued after a pause, “For the next three days, just stay put in the Harmon estate. Don’t go running around lest we get singled out. I’ll hire some skilled martial artists to back us up. If the Dark Lord shows up, he’ll be walking straight into our trap.”
“No matter the price, we must get ahold of the Dark Lord this time round to put an end to things!” Natasha narrowed her eyes, a cold glint flashing in them.
The Dark Lord had placed huge pressure on the Harmon family and needed to be dealt with as soon as possible. However, the problem was that he hid himself too well and never revealed his identity. Now that the chance finally presented itself, the Harmons were definitely not going to let it pass without taking action.
“Mr. Harmon…” Just then, Jack entered after knocking on the door.
“What is it?” Hector looked up at him.
“Someone has requested to meet you, sir. They claim to be disciples of the Invincible Guardians.”
“The Invincible Guardians?” Hector was pleasantly surprised. “They’re here so soon? Quick, show
them in.”
“Yes, sir, Jack said and swiftly left.
“Dad, who are the Invincible Guardians? Why have I never heard of them?” Natasha asked, curious, “The Invincible Guardians is a huge guild in Glenstead. However, they prefer to keep a low profile, and since you’re not a part of the martial world, it’s only natural that you’ve never heard of them before,” Hector explained.
“Did you invite them here?” Natasha probed.
“Yes, I have some connections with the guild master of the Invincible Guardians. After I learned about the Dark Lord’s intentions last night, I immediately contacted him. Never expected them to be here so soon, though,” Hector chuckled.
The Invincible Guardians were well-known in the martial world. Though they were few in number, every one of their members was a genius of exceptional talent. With their help, Hector felt the Harmons would stand a greater chance of going against the Dark Lord.
“Mr. Harmon, they are here.” As they were conversing, Jack returned with three people behind him. Two young women and a young man, all wearing white attire with a long sword on each of their backs. Their gazes were sharp, and they carried themselves with extraordinary demeanor.
“Caelus Amos, senior disciple of the Invincible Guardians, at your service, Mr. Harmon!” The young -man in white greeted Hector the moment he came in through the door.
However, when his gaze fell on Natasha, his eyes lit up.
“What a beauty! She’s incredibly beautiful!” he thought.
###Chapter 664 by Marina Vittori
As expected of the number one bombshell on the Beauty Ranking!
“Maria Dunham, second disciple of the Invisible Guardians, at your service, Mr. Harmon!”
“Ivy Dennis, third disciple of the Invisible Guardians, at your service, Mr. Harmon!”
The two girls in white also introduced themselves.
“Alright, alright. You’ve all come at the right time. Come have some tea.” Hector smiled gently, motioning for Jack to serve the tea and pastries.
“Mr. Harmon, we heard you’re in trouble, so we’re here on our master’s orders to lend a hand. If you need anything, just let us know. We promise to help you handle it with ease!” Caleus said confidently.
“The three of you must be exhausted from such a long journey. Please get some rest first. We can discuss this tomorrow. Oh, by the way, why haven’t I seen your master?” Hector asked, changing the subject.
Just three disciples from the Invincible Guardians were obviously not enough. It was best if a few elders or even the leader stepped in..
“Don’t worry, Mr. Harmon. My master and his colleague will be here in two days,” Caelus replied. “Great.” Hector secretly let out a breath he had been holding.
“Actually, something small like this doesn’t even require my master and his colleague to step in. No matter what it is, I can slay it with just one slash!” Caelus shrugged, and a longsword immediately appeared on his back. He grabbed it with one hand, gripped the hilt, and slashed down on a chair about ten feet away.
The sword glinted, and the wooden chair split into several pieces.
“Amazing swordsmanship, Caelus!” Maria and Ivy said in unison, gasping in shock. The external manifestation of true energy was a sign of a divine-level martial artist. To be able to cast such a quick and fierce aura in his early thirties was truly no small feat.
“Mr. Harmon, what do you think of my sword?” Caelus smiled slightly with a hint of pride. As he spoke, he even snuck a glance at Natasha as if to say, “Did you see how cool I was?”
“Not bad. You have accomplished a lot at a young age, surpassing your peers. You even outdo your master when he was your age,” Hector said, nodding with a smile.
“Heh, so long as I’m here, nothing will dare come close to the Harmon family,” Caelus boasted. As the most senior disciple of the Invincible Guardians and the future successor to the leader role, he was the cream of the crop among the youths in Glenstead in terms of both talent and skills.
“With the Invincible Guardians here, I definitely feel more at ease.” Hector smiled:
“Mr. Harmon, actually, there’s another reason I came today,” Caelus said, moving to a different topic.
“Oh? What is it?” Hector’s smile didn’t waver.
“I heard that you have two daughters as beautiful as the flowers blooming outside, Mr. Harmon, and they are yet to be married. Thus, I wanted to ask for your daughter’s hand in marriage!” Caelus didn’t beat around the bush.
The moment those words left his mouth, Hector and the two others were stunned. They had invited the Invincible Guardians to go against the Dark Lord, so how did the topic turn to marriage?
“Caelus, I think it’s too sudden to be talking about marriage, considering how we just met,” Hector said.
“You and my master are old friends. We should be strengthening our ties. If that means marriage, I would be open to it.” Caelus laughed.
“Caelus, is this your idea or your master’s?” Hector asked.
“My master will fully support my decision. So long as you give your nod of approval, Mr. Hector, this is a done deal,” Caelus said, brimming with confidence.
“Well…” Hector hesitated.
“What’s the matter? Could it be that you look down on me, Mr. Harmon? You don’t think I’m worthy of becoming your son-in-law?” Caelus narrowed his gaze. With his status, he more than deserved to marry the daughter of a wealthy family.
Not to mention, if he simply gave the word, countless excellent girls would come looking for him. “It’s not like that at all, Caelus. It’s just rather sudden. I’d have to ask my daughters’ opinions,” Hector said, trying to avoid giving an answer.
“There’s no need for such trouble. I’ll ask her myself.” Caelus turned around, his eyes blazing, and said, “Ms. Natasha, I’ve heard so much about you. The moment I saw you today, my heart fell for you. Will you marry me?”
Natasha was first caught off guard. Then, she coldly spat out, “Get lost!”
###Chapter 665 by Marina Vittori
“Get lost!” Natasha’s answer was simple and direct.
The smile on Caelus’ face froze. He had never thought she wouldn’t even try to spare his feelings. After all, he was the senior disciple of the Invincible Guardians and a universally acknowledged martial arts genius. No matter where he went, people kissed the ground he walked on, and no one dared look down on him.
But today, of all days, when he tried to ask for someone’s hand in marriage, all he received in response was a simple “Get lost!” His reputation was going down the drain.
“Natasha, don’t be rude!” Hector chastised. He then said regretfully, “Caelus, my daughter impulsively spoke out of turn. Please don’t take it to heart.”
Caelus was the senior disciple of the Invincible Guardians, after all. He had to show him some form of respect.
“Mr. Harmon, I consider myself a handsome and exceptionally talented man. I don’t think it’s a tall order to become your son-in-law. Now, I’m sincerely proposing to your daughter, and this is the attitude I get in return?” Caelus frowned slightly.
“This is a misunderstanding, Caelus. Actually, my daughter is already betrothed. All I can say is that you two are not destined to be,” Hector explained, shaking his head.
“Betrothed? To whom?” Caelus was taken aback.
“To this young man next to me, Dustin.” Hector gestured toward him.
In an instant, everyone’s eyes were drawn to Dustin.
Dustin’s mouth twitched. The only choice he had was to go along with it. At this point, no matter whether it was real or not, he couldn’t expose the bluff.
“Dustin?” Caelus narrowed his eyes slightly. The moment he stepped through the door, he noticed. this man. At first, he simply thought Dustin was an ordinary disciple of the Harmon family. Never in a million years did he think the man was Nathasha’s fiancé.
Caelus peered at him closely. Besides being somewhat good-looking, there was nothing. outstanding about him. He dressed ordinarily and gave off an aura of ordinariness. He seemed to be the farthest thing from a powerful martial artist, and he didn’t have the energy that young talent should have.
His entire being screamed average.
“Mr. Harmon, I don’t understand. In what way is this guy worthy of your daughter?” Caelus said, not hiding the disdain on his face. How could a mediocre young man like Dustin be put on par with the senior disciple of the Invincible Guardians?
“Dustin is talented in both medicine and martial arts. And he’s way better than you. Why wouldn’t he be worthy?” Natasha piped up suddenly.
There was always going to be that arrogant bastard who liked to look down on others.
“Talented in both medicine and martial arts?” Caelus snorted coldly. “Fine. Since he’s so
impressive, why don’t we have a duel?”
“How do you want to compete?” Dustin said indifferently.
“It’s simple. Let’s follow the example of our ancestors and have a martial arts battle. The winner will get Natasha’s hand in marriage!” Caelus raised his head slightly.
Dustin said nothing, instead turning to look at Natasha. Although he was certain he could win, he didn’t agree with treating women as s to be won, so he had some concerns.
“What, are you scared? If you are, then just forfeit,” Caelus said with a cold laugh.
“Isn’t it just a fight? Fine, we agree!” Natasha replied.
At that moment, Hector suddenly slammed his hand on the table and shouted, “This is ridiculous! The enemy hasn’t appeared yet, but we’re already starting to tear each other apart. This is unacceptable!”
“Dad, that bastard”
“Enough!” Hector raised a hand, interrupting Natasha. Sternly, he said, “Do not bring up the martial arts battle again. If you youngsters are brimming with energy, you can go outside and run a few laps!”
It was one thing to bicker, but if a fight broke out, things would get complicated. One side was the young man that he had his eyes on, while the other was the Invincible Guardians. No matter who won, it would be unfavorable to the Harmons.
Before the big enemy appeared, any internal conflict would just be an opportunity for the Dark Lord to take advantage of.
“Caelus, you must be exhausted from the long journey. Go get some rest. We can talk about it later,
Hector said lightly.
“Yes.” Seeing that Hector was upset, Caelus couldn’t refuse. After all, Hector was on good terms with his master. He had to show him respect, at the very least.
“Jack, please take our three guests to the guest wing and show them the Harmons’ hospitality,” Hector instructed.
Chapter 666
“Please follow me.” Jack bowed and escorted them out.
“You got lucky today, punk. However, you won’t be this lucky next time.” Caelus shot Dustin a cold glare before leaving with the two young women.
“Dad, why do I feel like you’ve invited wolves into our house?” Natasha said meaningfully.
“These are special circumstances. Let’s put the interests of the whole above anything else. Now, we need the power of the Invincible Guardians, so let’s not turn them against us,” Hector reminded them.
“If he doesn’t get on my nerves, there won’t be a problem.” Natasha arched an eyebrow.
“You…” Hector shook his head helplessly. “Enough You two should head out. I still have things to attend to.”
The two nodded. They quickly said their goodbyes without saying much.
After leaving the study, Natasha specially arranged a luxurious guest suite for Dustin, complete with a hot bath.
To put it nicely, a private bodyguard would get special perks.
Dustin wanted to turn it down at first, but he couldn’t stand the pleading and pestering, so he decided to stay for now. His main concern was Natasha’s safety.
The Dark Lord could attack at any time. Considering his treacherous tricks, he could easily take out several people at once. If he didn’t stay by Natasha’s side protecting her and something ended up happening to her, he’d regret it for the rest of his life.
Dustin practically lived in the Harmons’ home for the next few days. In his spare time, he gave martial arts training to Abigail or went flower viewing with Natasha. Occasionally, he’d call Nelson to ask about the results of the investigation.
Something to rejoice about was that Nelson had already identified the culprit-a resident doctor at the hospital. After committing the murders, the resident fled to escape punishment. The Flame Dragon Gang and the Charging Tiger Gang were pursuing him.
Capturing the culprit was only a matter of time. Once they caught him, it would be clear who the mastermind was.
Three days later, on New Year’s Eve, large, fluffy snowflakes descended from the sky, covering the ground in a layer of white.
Houses everywhere were brightly lit to welcome the new year, except the Harmons’ home. The Harmon estate was heavily guarded, with outposts everywhere. In order to catch the Dark Lord, Hector had gone all out and invited a large number of martial arts experts to protect their home. Among them were several notable figures.
The Harmons’ armed forces had strengthened greatly. However, it came with a downside, the entire courtyard was a mix of good and bad people
impressive, why don’t we have a duel?”
“How do you want to compete?” Dustin said indifferently.
“It’s simple. Let’s follow the example of our ancestors and have a martial arts battle. The winner will get Natasha’s hand in marriage!” Caelus raised his head slightly.
Dustin said nothing, instead turning to look at Natasha. Although he was certain he could win, he didn’t agree with treating women as s to be won, so he had some concerns.
“What, are you scared? If you are, then just forfeit,” Caelus said with a cold laugh.
“Isn’t it just a fight? Fine, we agree!” Natasha replied.
At that moment, Hector suddenly slammed his hand on the table and shouted, “This is ridiculous! The enemy hasn’t appeared yet, but we’re already starting to tear each other apart. This is unacceptable!”
“Dad, that bastard…”
“Enough!” Hector raised a hand, interrupting Natasha. Sternly, he said, “Do not bring up the martial arts battle again. If you youngsters are brimming with energy, you can go outside and run a few laps!”
It was one thing to bicker, but if a fight broke out, things would get complicated. One side was the young man that he had his eyes on, while the other was the Invincible Guardians. No matter who won, it would be unfavorable to the Harmons.
Before the big enemy appeared, any internal conflict would just be an opportunity for the Dark Lord to take advantage of.
“Caelus, you must be exhausted from the long journey. Go get some rest. We can talk about it later, “Hector said lightly.
“Yes.” Seeing that Hector was upset, Caelus couldn’t refuse. After all, Hector was on good terms with his master. He had to show him respect, at the very least.
“Jack, please take our three guests to the guest wing and show them the Harmons’ hospitality,” Hector instructed.
###Chapter 666 by Marina Vittori
“Please follow me.” Jack bowed and escorted them out. “You got lucky today, punk. However, you won’t be this lucky next time.” Caelus shot Dustin a cold glare before leaving with the two young women.
“Dad, why do I feel like you’ve invited wolves into our house?” Natasha said meaningfully. “These are special circumstances. Let’s put the interests of the whole above anything else. Now, we need the power of the Invincible Guardians, so let’s not turn them against us,” Hector reminded them.
“If he doesn’t get on my nerves, there won’t be a problem.” Natasha arched an eyebrow.
“You…” Hector shook his head helplessly. “Enough. You two should head out. I still have things to attend to.”
The two nodded. They quickly said their goodbyes without saying much.
After leaving the study, Natasha specially arranged a luxurious guest suite for Dustin, complete with a hot bath.
To put it nicely, a private bodyguard would get special perks.
Dustin wanted to turn it down at first, but he couldn’t stand the pleading and pestering, so he decided to stay for now. His main concern was Natasha’s safety.
The Dark Lord could attack at any time. Considering his treacherous tricks, he could easily take out several people at once. If he didn’t stay by Natasha’s side protecting her and something ended up happening to her, he’d regret it for the rest of his life.
Dustin practically lived in the Harmons’ home for the next few days. In his spare time, he gave martial arts training to Abigail or went flower viewing with Natasha. Occasionally, he’d call Nelson to ask about the results of the investigation
Something to rejoice about was that Nelson had already identified the culprit-a resident doctor at the hospital. After committing the murders, the resident fled to escape punishment. The Flame Dragon Gang and the Charging Tiger Gang were pursuing him.
Capturing the culprit was only a matter of time. Once they caught him, it would be clear who the mastermind was.
Three days later, on New Year’s Eve, large, fluffy snowflakes descended from the sky, covering the ground in a layer of white.
Houses everywhere were brightly lit to welcome the new year, except the Harmons’ home. The Harmon estate was heavily guarded, with outposts everywhere. In order to catch the Dark Lord, Hector had gone all out and invited a large number of martial arts experts to protect their home. Among them were several notable figures.
The Harmons’ armed forces had strengthened greatly. However, it came with a downside; the entire courtyard was a mix of good and bad people
At that moment, a family meeting was being held in one of the conference rooms. All of the core members of the family had gathered there. As the patriarch, Hector sat at the head of the table, while Trent and Jacob sat on his left and right, respectively.
“Hector, when tonight draws to a close, the year will end. Didn’t you say before that the Dark Lord would come? Why hasn’t he appeared yet? Could your information be wrong?” Trent was the first to speak.
“The source of the information shouldn’t be fake. All in all, everyone needs to be careful,” Hector said seriously.
“Could the Dark Lord have found out that there’s an ambush and decided not to come?” Jacob rubbed his chin.
The Harmon family had invited so many martial artists to help. Right now, their home could be compared to a lion’s den. If the Dark Lord was smart, he wouldn’t barge in recklessly.
“It’s nothing out of the ordinary if he doesn’t show up.” Dylan suddenly spoke up. “With me here, would the Dark Lord dare to act out of line?”
When the others heard him, they all nodded in agreement. The current Dylan was nothing like the old Dylan; not only was he extremely talented, but he also had the Scarlet Warrior backing him. No matter how strong the Dark Lord was, he’d have to think it over.
“Considering the Dark Lord’s personality, he wouldn’t give up easily. We can’t let our guards down, Hector warned.
“Hmph, it’s better if the Dark Lord doesn’t show up. If he does, I’ll lop his head off and release all the pent-up hatred!” Dylan spat fiercely.
As soon as he said that, one of the Harmon family guards suddenly ran inside in a panic. “Sir, it’s bad! A fight broke out outside!”
###Chapter 667 by Marina Vittori
“A fight?” Upon hearing that, Hector got to his feet. Is the Dark Lord here?”
“Perfect timing! Everyone, come with me to kill the enemy!” Dylan shouted with vigor. “Kill!”
The Harmon family members all slammed the table in front of them and hopped to their feet, aggression rolling off of them.
“You’ve got it wrong!” The Harmon family guard quickly explained, “It’s not the Dark Lord; it’s the martial artists we invited. They got into a conflict and are now fighting in the ballroom.”
“Huh?” When everyone heard that, they frowned. They had all thought that the great enemy had descended on them, but it turned out to be an internal fight amongst their own. All their
excitement and vigor had been for nothing.
What a waste of emotion.
“Come, let’s go take a look!” Without another word, Hector led everyone out of the conference room. If internal conflicts were not handled properly, it could very likely end in greater disaster.
At present, the Harmon family home’s ballroom was filled with martial artists eating and drinking together. It looked like people of all sorts of backgrounds and teachings were there-gazing across the room, there were burly, fierce-looking men, stout dwarves; poison experts with snakes crawling all over their bodies; swordsmen with swift auras; and monks holding golden wands. There were also inhumane-looking humans, unghostly ghosts, and peculiarly dressed fellows. At that moment, Dustin, Natasha, Ruth, Edmund, and Abigail walked in. Their appearance attracted a lot of attention; the three gorgeous women were especially eye-catching.
“Natasha, are these the external help that Dad invited? Why do they look so weird?” Ruth looked around with a strange expression on her face. Besides a handful of regular people, the rest were rather odd.
“The Dark Lord is an expert in the mystic arts. It would be difficult to fight him with normal martial arts. These strange people are our best options,” Natasha explained.
“I see.” Ruth nodded.
“I don’t quite like the way they’re looking at us,” Abigail suddenly piped up.
“Ms. Natasha, let’s take a seat first,” Edmund said with a smile.
It was New Year’s Eve; the Harmon family had specially thrown a banquet in the ballroom to host all the guests. However, these guests didn’t look like nice people.
As soon as they sat down, a group of martial artists with impressive waistlines walked over. “Oh, 1 didn’t think I’d be able to see such beauty here.”
The leader was a bearded man naked from the waist up. He was buff, muscular, and had a thick bush of chest hair. When he got close, they could smell the pungent odor coming from his armpits. “Hey, beautiful. Seems like we’re fated to meet. Are you interested in drinking a few glasses with
Jer bb7
me?” The bearded man regarded the women up and down, not even disguising the desire in his
eyes.
“Not interested,” Natasha declined.
“Gorgeous, in the martial world, having more friends always trumps having more enemies. Don’t you think so?” The bearded man flashed the knife tucked in his belt. His words and actions carried
a hint of threat.
“You stink, so please keep a distance from me. Don’t ruin our meal,” Natasha remarked coldly.
“Do I smell? Why do I not smell it?” The bearded man raised both his arms and sniffed his armpits. Instantly, his body odor filled the air. Everyone frowned at the stench. “Beautiful, I don’t think you know. That’s the smell of a true man!”
“That’s right! The heavier a man’s scent, the stronger he is. You should appreciate it.” “Hahaha…”
###Chapter 668 by Marina Vittori
The muscular men at the back began to poke fun. All of them were behaving brazenly, leering at them. “Ms. Natasha, why don’t we leave for now? These people look difficult,” Edmund advised quietly, shrinking into himself.
“Why are you panicking, Dad? This is the Harmons’ home. What kind of trouble are they capable of kicking up here?” Abigail glared. She’d always looked down on her father’s cowardly tendencies, always recoiling at the most minor things. Was he even a man?
“You’d better get out of my sight while I’m not angry yet,” Natasha said, her expression cold as ice.
“Oh, you’re pretty feisty! I like it.” The bearded man rubbed his chin. “Unfortunately, beautiful, those two wusses next to you can’t be your knights in shining armor.” As he spoke, he glanced at Dustin and Edmund. One was a much younger man, and another was a wrinkled old geezer. They were nothing to fear.
“Just me alone is enough to fight you!” Abigail said, slamming her palm into the table and jumping to her feet. Having been through Dustin’s training the past few days, her abilities had improved by leaps and bounds, which greatly boosted her confidence.
“Gorgeous, I’ll play with you, but I’d rather do it in bed,” the bearded man said, grinning sleazily.
“You-” Abigail was furious and humiliated. She was about to get violent, but Edmund stopped her.
“Abigail, don’t be rash. Harmony is of utmost importance.”
“You’re always like this. Can you grow a pair?!” Abigail frowned.
“I just don’t want you to get hurt,” Edmund said lamely.
“I don’t need your concern. Go away!” Abigail pushed her father aside and swung her fist at the bearded man’s face. She was going to teach these lechers a lesson.
There came a dull noise. The bearded man had easily caught Abigail’s full-powered punch without sustaining any injury.
“Huh?” Abigail’s expression changed. She finally realized that these people were far from ordinary.
“Beautiful, at your strength, your blows are nothing more than an itch for me. Take my advice and save your energy.” The bearded man grinned.
After he spoke, the other men behind him burst out into guffaws. They looked like a pack of hungry wolves setting their eyes on several sheep
At that moment, a furious roar rang out, “You scum of the martial world, let go of that young lady!”
Three young, upright-looking martial artists finally stood, denouncing the bearded man’s actions.
“Oh, does someone finally dare to save the damsels in distress?” The bearded man smirked coldly, pulling the knife out of his belt.
“We should always help one another, but you’re over there bullying a few women. You call that a
skill? Fight us if you dare!” one of them yelled.
“My knife never cuts those who are nameless. You, tell me your names!” the bearded man said.
“Listen up. We’re the White Stag Trio!” the three of them shouted in unison.
“The White Stag Trio? What the hell is that? I’ve never heard of you,” the bearded man said disdainfully.
“How dare you look down on us? You’ve got a death wish!” Upon hearing that, the three martial artists flew into a rage. Without another word, they brandished their daggers.
One side wanted to save the damsels in distress, while the other wanted to show off.
“You’re in over your head!” The bearded man snorted coldly. Alone, he went up to fight the trio.
There was a series of metallic clanging. The bearded man was practically a tiger foraging into a herd of goats-he was unstoppable. After several rounds, he had cut everyone to the ground. The White Stag Trio was defeated!
###Chapter 669 by Marina Vittori
The White Stag Trio? Heh, you’re nothing but clowns,” the bearded man said disdainfully. He kicked the three of them and sent them flying.
“Huh?” All the martial artists were shocked to see the three of them severely hurt and coughing up blood. Although they weren’t exactly top dogs, they were still well-known in the martial world. Otherwise, the Harmons wouldn’t have invited them.
However, even with the three’s combined forces, they couldn’t withstand a few moves from the bearded man. It was far from anyone’s expectation
This clearly proved how powerful he was.
“Just who are you?” The White Stag Trio were both surprised and afraid.
“Listen up, I am the Glenstead Hoodlum, Marlon Cobb!” the bearded man said arrogantly.
“Marlon the Hoodlum?!”
Everyone was shocked to hear that, especially the White Stag Trio.
Marlon was a divine-level martial artist. He was extremely well-reputed in Glenstead. Because of his strength and ruthlessness, he gained the nickname “Hoodlum.” People cowered at the sound of his name.
If they had known who he was, they wouldn’t have stepped forward and said anything.
“Who would’ve thought that even Marlon would be here? The Harmons seem to have invited a whole lot of experts.”
“Marlon the Hoodlum is a heinous criminal. I can’t say if inviting someone like him here is a good or bad thing
The martial artists began to titter.
Although Marlon was strong, his personality was horrible. He didn’t abide by the principles of the martial world at all. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call him the scum of society.
After defeating the White Stag Trio, Marlon shifted his gaze to Natasha and the other women. Hey beautiful, I don’t think anyone is going to stand up for you anymore. What do you say? Do you want to go back to my room and have a good time?”
Finally, he was going to get lucky tonight.
“Asshole, you are too presumptuous!” At that moment, three people suddenly walked through the door. A man and two women, all dressed in white with swords strapped to their backs. They
appeared so dignified that they took everyone’s breath away.
It was none other than Caelus, Maria, and Ivy!
“Oh, two more bombshells?” Marlon ignored Caelus and eyed Maria’s and Ivy’s bodies. The two women were beautiful and had slim figures. Their hair was neatly secured with a hairpin. The modest hairstyle made men want to dominate them
перист ебу
“Marlon, you already have three gorgeous women serving you. Why don’t you leave these two newcomers to us?” one of Marlon’s lackeys said, laughing sleazily.
“No problem. After all, we’re brothers. Good things are meant to be shared. You can pick which one you want. I want you to have a fun time,” Marlon said heroically.
“Thank you, Marlon!” His lackeys brightened.
“I like that one with the big chest. Don’t even think about fighting over her!”
“That one has a great butt. It looks super bouncy.”
The lackeys pointed at the women while making all sorts of comments as if they were just toys.
“You shameless thugs, I’ll cut your tongues out!” Maria and Ivy were infuriated. They pulled their swords out of their sheaths and charged toward Marlon and his lackeys.
As elite disciples of the Invincible Guardians, they had never experienced such humiliation before. If they didn’t teach these bastards a lesson, they couldn’t look anyone in the eye again.
“Come at me!” Marlon grinned, swinging his fist.
The three of them began sparring.
Maria and Ivy were exceptional swordswomen. They were also skilled at fighting side-by-side with their sharp and swift techniques. They performed move after move so quickly that it just seemed like a blur to everyone else.
On the other hand, Marlon’s attacks were far simpler. He used both his hands as weapons to fend off their swords. He was not falling behind.
The women had excellent swordsmanship, but there was a significant power gap between them and Marlon.
Marlon was a divine-level martial artist, while the two women were only high-level martial artists. Sometimes, a gap like that could stretch into a chasm.
###Chapter 670 by Marina Vittori
Maria and Ivy gave it their all. In the end, after almost thirty exchanges, Marlon still found a chink in their armor and dealt a blow to each of them.
The two women staggered back from the impact, and blood came out of their mouths. Instantly, they couldn’t even muster any internal energy.
“Not bad!” Marlon grinned. He looked like he was still riding the high.
“You’re shameless!” The two humiliated women flew into a rage. They wanted to attack again, but Caelus raised a hand to stop them!
“That’s enough. You two are no match for him. Allow me.”
“Caelus, this asshole is utterly shameless. You need to teach him a lesson!” the two women said indignantly.
“Don’t worry. Leave it to me.” Caelus leveled a cold gaze at Marlon. He slowly unsheathed the sword on his back.
Maria and Ivy bit back their anger and stood off to one side.
“Punk, you want to play the hero and save those damsels in distress? Are you capable of doing that? Don’t regret it when I smash all your teeth in, Marlon sneered.
“I’ll defeat you in less than ten moves,” Caelus said arrogantly.
“Ten moves? Heh, is your head okay? If you were one of the Heavenly Immortals, I might have some reservations. Where did a nameless pipsqueak like you find the courage to say such outrageous things to my face?” Marlon laughed coldly.
“You don’t believe me? Then try me.” Caelus beckoned with his finger.
“Fine! I want to see what you can do!” Marlon was getting a little angry. He brandished his blade and slashed it down on Caelus’ head.
Caelus’ expression remained calm. He raised his sword in response.
In an instant, the room was filled with the glinting of swords. Bursts of energy filled the room.
Everyone else took a step back, putting space between them and the fight. They were afraid that they might get hurt.
“Miss, that bearded guy is really strong. Can your fellow disciple handle it?” Abigail asked out of the blue.
From the earlier battles, one could tell that Marlon hadn’t used his full strength.
“Hmph, Caelus is the senior disciple of the Invincible Guardians. He’s extremely talented and strong. It will be a piece of cake for him to take down that scum!” Ivy said with confidence.
“That’s right! Just watch closely. Watch how Caelus scares off the enemy!” Maria said arrogantly.
“I hope so,” Abigail muttered to herself.
While they were talking, the spar had progressed rapidly. After a few blows, Caelus thrust his
sword violently, hitting Marlon’s blade. There was a clang, and the sword broke.
Following the momentum, the sword pierced Marlon’s shoulder. The broken end of the sword fell to the floor.
Marlon’s expression changed. He staggered backward from the impact, wobbling on his feet.
“Marlon!” The lackeys were shell-shocked. They immediately helped Marlon up. They’d never thought that the unbeatable Marlon would actually be defeated today. Even less so at the hand of a young swordsman.
“Who are you? How is your swordsmanship so sharp?!” Marlon said with a dark look.
“I am the senior disciple of the Invincible Guardians, Caelus!” Caelus swung his sword, shaking off the blood. He was in his element.
“The Invincible Guardians?” Marlon was shocked.
The Invincible Guardians were a well-known guild in Glenstead. Although they were few in number, they were all elite fighters. Among all the guilds in Glenstead, the Invincible Guardians were in the top ten!
An ordinary martial artist like him couldn’t afford to piss them off.
When he returned to his senses, Marlon lowered his head in apology. “Caelus, I didn’t know who you were. Please forgive me for offending you.”
“Kneel and apologize,” Caelus said with an arrogant expression.
“Huh?” Marlon frowned. He hesitated, but he still fell to his knees with a thud.
He clearly showed what it meant to know when to surrender.
###Chapter 671 by Marina Vittori
“Marlon!” When Marlon knelt on the ground, his lackeys all seemed aggrieved. Although Caelus was very strong, if they all fought him together, they would have a shot at winning.
They couldn’t understand why their leader would kneel in front of everyone. If this incident got out, their reputation would be done for “Don’t let me see you all again. Get lost!” Caelus snorted coldly.
“Let’s go!” Marlon said nothing more and immediately fled with his lackeys. He didn’t dare stay a second longer. “Amazing! What an amazing fight!”
“As expected of the senior disciple of the Invincible Guardians. He’s truly impressive!”
“In less than ten moves, he defeated Marlon the Hoodlum! It’s truly admirable!” All the martial artists in the hall began to clap and cheer.
Marlon had a notorious reputation. After seeing him pick on women today, they were furious at him. It was just that none of them dared to fight him due to his strength.
Now that Caelus had taken down Marlon the Hoodlum, they rejoiced and praised him.
“Did you see that? That’s how strong Caelus is. Now do you still dare question him?” Ivy raised her head pridefully. She had felt a little unhappy because of Abigail’s doubt earlier.
“Ms. Natasha, when you were in danger, Dustin didn’t so much as say a word. Yet, Caelus stood up for you and defeated your harasser. I think it’s clear who is better.” Maria turned around to look at Natasha. She sounded a little proud.
“Hmph, what’s so impressive about that? Dustin is not any weaker than your senior disciple!” Ruth said indignantly.
She had witnessed Dustin defeat Terry with her own eyes during the fight with the Doyle family.
Caelus’ skills were far from average, but there was still a gap between him and Terry. Naturally, he wouldn’t be able to beat Dustin, either.
“Heh, if he’s really that strong, then he wouldn’t have shrunken back into his shell earlier.” Maria snickered coldly.
“Exactly! In the face of danger, he’d actually let a woman stand in front of him. He’s a worthless excuse for a man!” Ivy sneered.
“You” Ruth was suddenly at a loss for words. She turned around and said huffily, “Dustin, say something!”.
“What’s there to say? It’s meaningless to fight over this.” Dustin shrugged.
“Hmph, if you don’t have the chops, then just say so. There’s no need to sound so high and mighty. What a joke!” Caelus leaned over, not forgetting to make a snide remark.
1/2
“Sure,” Dustin said indifferently. He didn’t bother to give a real response.
“It seems like you now know the gap between us. It’s like heaven and earth,” Caelus said
pridefully.
“Sure.”
“Ms. Natasha is well-respected and noble. Someone like you shouldn’t try to ride on her coattails. If you know better, you should stay away from her
“Sure.”
“Only a god among men like me is worthy of Ms. Natasha.”
“Sure.”
“Hey, can you respond with something else?!” Caelus was starting to get irritated.
Fuck, after all that, all he could say was “sure.” No one could stand that.
“Sure,” Dustin said. He opened his mouth wide and increased his volume.
“You fucking-” Caelus flew into a rage. Just as he was about to blow up, the door was kicked open with a bang.
Immediately after, a group of mysterious masked men walked in, led by a tall man in a cloak.
As soon as he entered, he removed his mask to reveal a sinister face. He was completely bald-no hair, eyebrows, or facial hair. His complexion was deathly pale, his lips were purplish, and his cheeks were sunken.
Even more strangely, his eyes were blood red. He looked as scary as a ghost.
“Heh, I didn’t expect the Harmon family to invite a ragtag bunch of trash. How disappointing!” The pale man swept his gaze over his surroundings. He laughed coldly.
“Who the fuck are you? How dare you act so atrociously here?!” a burly man in the crowd shouted angrily.
“Hmm?” The pale man tilted his head and turned to the burly man. He reached out to grab the air in front of him.
###Chapter 672 by Marina Vittori
The burly man’s expression changed drastically. His body began involuntarily moving toward the pale man at high speed, as if there was an invisible rope pulling him forward.
All his struggles were in vain.
Finally, his throat ended up in the pale man’s grasp
“You” The burly man was terrified. He opened his mouth, but before he could get a word out, the pale man clenched his fist.
There was a crack. The burly man’s head fell to the side, and he died instantly.
“Ah!” Everyone was horrified by the gruesome sight. The pale man had simply grabbed a man and
killed him.
That move was frankly frightening.
“Don’t panic, everyone. With Caelus here, no one would dare act out of line!” Maria said, trying to
calm everyone down.
“What unorthodox magic is this? How dare you act so boldly here?!” Caelus took two steps forward. His gaze was sharp and aggressive. The sword on his back began to vibrate slightly, as if ready to spring free from its sheath at any moment.
“I am the senior disciple of the Dark Lord, Gray Ghoul.” The pale man tossed the burly man’s corpse aside.
“Gray Ghoul? It’s Bloody-Eyed Gray Ghoul?!” Everyone was scared senseless.
Bloody-Eyed Gray Ghoul was infamous in the martial world. He specialized in killing and robbing, often using cruel methods. If he appeared, then things usually ended in complete annihilation!
Back then, several upstanding martial arts tried to prganize ambushes several times to eliminate
this scourge.
All of them ended in failure.
Afterward, all those involved in the ambush would teceive revenge. They were hunted to the ends of the earth and died gruesome deaths. No one dared to ambush Gray Ghoul ever since.
Gray Ghoul had also vanished for some time.
However, no one expected him to turn up there.
“He’s finally here?” Natasha narrowed her eyes.
After three days on high alert, the Dark Lord finally attacked.
“So what if that’s Bloody-Eyed Gray Ghoul? He’s just a wayward martial artist. What’s the worst he could do?” Caelus said coldly.
“That’s right! We have power in numbers, and with Caelus here, what do we have to fear?!” The martial artists pulled out their weapons, ready to strike.
After all, the Harmon family had invited them there to ambush the Dark Lord and his minions.
1/2
Since they’d taken the money, they had to do the work.
“Heh, it’s nothing but an overly ambitious effort.” Gray Ghoul smirked coldly. “Today, all of you here will die!”
“How wildly arrogant! Watch me cut your head offf” Caelus pulled out his sword and swung it in Gray Ghoul’s direction.
The force of this attack was terrifying. His sword was unstoppable, like a sun ray penetrating the sky.
“What a strike! That’s the senior disciple of the Invincible Guardians for you!”
“Once Caelus attacks, even Gray Ghoul would die an untimely death!”
Everyone let out gasps of surprise.
“Dustin, that move was the result of twenty years of training. Could you fend against that?” Ivy gloated while looking at Dustin.
“Ms. Natasha, watch closely. Once Caelus eliminates Gray Ghoul, you’ll finally understand who’s the god among men!” Maria said arrogantly.
As soon as Maria finished speaking, Gray Ghoul finally made a move. In the face of Caelus’ sharp attack, he didn’t try to dodge. Instead, he threw a punch head-on.
His fist hit the point of the sword with a terrifying force.
There was a loud blast. The moment they came in contact with each other, Caelus’ sword was instantly obliterated. It exploded into pieces.
At the same time, Gray Ghoul’s iron fist continued with its momentum and slammed into Caelus’ chest.
Caelus grunted. It was as if he’d been hit by a truck. He was sent flying almost fifty feet before crashing heavily into the floor, spewing blood everywhere.
In an instant, everyone fell deathly silent.
###Chapter 673 by Marina Vittori
When everyone saw that Caelus had gotten sent flying from a punch, they were stunned.
This was none other than the senior disciple of the Invincible Guardians, a highly powerful martial arts genius. The same person who defeated Marlon the Hoodlum with just a few moves.
However, Gray Ghoul defeated a strong warrior like him with a single punch. It was unthinkable!
“How could this be? Caelus lost?”
“Who would’ve thought that Gray Ghoul would be sa formidable? He defeated the senior disciple of the Invincible Guardians in one move. That’s horrifying!”
“Shit, if even Caelus is no match for Gray Ghoul, would any of us be able to hold against him?”
Right now, everyone was shocked and afraid. They all began to back out.
Caelus was already extremely strong, but Gray Ghoul was even more terrifying.
More importantly, he wasn’t alone. He had so many lackeys, and none of them was ordinary.
There was no way around sheer force in numbers.
Ivy’s and Maria’s snapped out of their daze, and their expressions changed. “Caelus!”
They helped the injured Caelus to his feet. Then, they fed him a healing tablet.
“This bastard is too strong. Hurry, contact our master!” Caelus wobbled shakily on his feet. He pressed a hand against his chest, his face full of terror.
Gray Ghoul’s punch had completely obliterated him. He wasn’t able to fend it off at all. The power gap between them was far too wide.
Right now, the only way to subdue him was if his master and his master’s colleague stepped in.
“The senior disciple of the Invincible Guardians is nothing. Since you have the courage to step forward, then you should die.”
After that punch, Gray Ghoul had gotten the upper hand. Unforgivingly, he threw another punch
into the air.
There was a loud whoosh. The huge burst of true energy transformed into a giant shadow fist, flying straight at Caelus.
“Caelus, move!” Maria and Ivy pushed Caelus aside. Then, they raised their swords against the
shadow fist.
A loud blast erupted. The two women’s swords broke, and they flew backward. They were severely injured and coughing up blood.
They couldn’t even withstand one attack.
“Maria! Ivy!” Caelus’ expression changed. He was enraged.
However, he was not powerful enough. He was helpless.
“Hmm, what a close relationship between guild members!” Gray Ghoul grinned. He loved seeing
1/2
these upright martial artists put up a last fight.
“Gray Ghoul, I’m warning you, don’t do anything crazy!” Caelus yelled sharply. “We are from the Invincible Guardians. If you dare lay a hand on us, you will incur the wrath of the entire Invincible Guardians!” (1)
“There are a lot of people who want to kill me. Adding the Invincible Guardians wouldn’t make a difference,” Gray Ghoul said. He showed no fear.
“I know you’re very powerful, but listen, my master is coming. Leave now, and you may be able to avoid trouble. Otherwise, once my master gets here, you’ll all be dead!” Caelus threatened.
“Heh, by the time the leader of the Invincible Guardians makes it here, you’ll already be dead.” Gray Ghoul laughed coldly. He beckoned with his hand. “My dear disciples, hurry and slaughter every last person here. We still have more important matters to attend to.”
“Yes!” The group of masked killers dressed in black pulled out their blades. Then, they charged forward like a swarm of bees, prepared to wreak havoc.
At that moment, there was the glint of a sword blade. The few masked killers at the very front couldn’t dodge in time; their heads were chopped off, causing blood to spew everywhere.
Shocked, the others came to a stop. They surveyed their surroundings vigilantly.
-That slash just now was so fast to the point they couldn’t even react.
“Who did that? Who was that attacking from the shadows?!” Gray Ghoul’s face darkened. He swept his gaze left and right.
“It was me.” Dustin stepped out from the crowd, wielding a broken sword.
###Chapter 674 by Marina Vittori
Instantly, everyone turned to look. “How dare you kill Nightshade’s disciples!” Gray Ghoul glared at Dustin. “If you stop now, I’ll let you die in one piece,” Dustin replied. His calm words ticked everyone off.
“Who the fuck does he think he is?” “Does he have a death wish? How could he openly challenge Gray Ghoul?”
“He’s just an idiot trying to show off.”
The martial artists sneered at Dustin disdainfully Gray Ghoul was notorious for being so strong that even Invincible Guardians was no match for him. So, where did a nobody like Dustin find the balls to challenge that man?
“You better not act tough, Dustin. Even Caelus lost to him. What makes you think you have a winning chance?” Ivy jeered.
“She’s right. Your skills are pathetic!” Maria echoed
“Just because he lost doesn’t mean I will. Piss off.” Dustin snorted.
“What?” His words irked Caelus. “Who the fuck do you think you are, Rhys? How dare you look down on me! I might have lost to Gray Ghoul, but I can still beat you!”
“Oh, shut up. You can’t even stand right now.” Dustin retorted without turning around.
“You f” Caelus gritted his teeth. If he hadn’t been severely injured, he’d already be setting Dustin straight by now.
“We’re only trying to warn you. If you don’t listen, you’ll have to face the consequences.” Ivy
frowned.
“Hmph! Stubborn bastards like him won’t listen. Let him die!” Caelus snarled. He couldn’t wait for Gray Ghoul to kill Dustin.
“You’ll let us die in one piece?” Surprised, Gray Ghoul laughed. “It’s been a while since someone spoke to me like this. Do you even know who I am?”
“It doesn’t matter. You only have two choices right now. You either give in or die,” Dustin stated.
coolly.
“Insolent fool! It’s time for you to die!” Gray Ghoul was finally angry.
He drew his sword and brought it down heavily on Dustin’s head. There was a loud hum as a violent light burst forth from the blade. It tore through the room and shook the furniture. The onlookers’ hearts stopped out of fear.
“My, what a ferocious attack!”
“Is this Gray Ghoul’s real strength? How terrifying””
“No one would be able to withstand that attack!”
The martial artists in the room were frightened by the strength of Gray Ghoul’s attack.
1/2
“Weren’t you dying to show off? Let’s see what happens now!” Caelus sneered.
“Shit!” Ivy and Maria sighed silently. Even Natasha and the others began to fear for Dustin’s safety.
Just then, Dustin made his move. With a flick of his wrist, a beam burst forth from his sword. It pushed past Gray Ghoul’s attack and split his blade in half before piercing his body in one fluid.
motion
“Aargh!”
Gray Ghoul’s body stiffened before his head rolled off his shoulders. It landed on the ground with a thud, smearing blood all over. The commotion stunned the crowd into silence.
###Chapter 675 by Marina Vittori
The entire hall had gone silent as everyone gaped at Gray Ghoul’s head in disbelief. It all
happened so fast that they didn’t have time to process everything. No one expected Dustin to kill the invincible Gray Ghoul in mere seconds and with just a single strike.
“I-Is this for real? He killed Gray Ghoul?”
“He ended Gray Ghoul with one strike. Who is this monster?”
“What terrifying sword skills he has. Since when did someone like him exist?”
After finally realizing what had happened, the crowd burst into whispers. Gazes of shock, dismay, and disbelief were shot toward Dustin.
They thought it was the end for Dustin when they saw Gray Ghoul swinging his sword at him. But not only did Dustin survive, he even defeated Gray Ghoul effortlessly. How terrifying!
They also realized that the choices Dustin had so proudly laid out earlier had come true. “I-impossible! How is that guy so strong?” Caelus’ eyes widened in disbelief. He always viewed Dustin as a weak nobody who was no match for the notorious Gray Ghoul.
“Who knew that he’s actually so strong?” Ivy and Maria exchanged shocked looks.
Even Caelus had lost to Gray Ghoul. If Dustin could cut Gray Ghoul down with a single strike, didn’t that mean he was more powerful than Caelus?
The two ladies couldn’t help feeling embarrassed for their rude words earlier. They never thought they’d be looking down on someone far stronger than them.
“I knew he was powerful!” Abigail jumped excitedly
“He’s awesome!” Ruth’s eyes twinkled, just as in awe of the man as Abigail was.
“That’s my man!” Natasha smirked proudly. She’d been worried when she saw Gray Ghoul’s attack. Fortunately, Dustin was strong enough to come out of it unscathed.
After a few seconds, Gray Ghoul’s decapitated body gradually toppled to the floor with a thud. It caused a cloud of dust to rise into the air.
“Gray Ghoul!” the group of masked killers exclaimed furiously. They never imagined that this invincible man would meet his demise so suddenly
“How dare you kill him! You’re dead meat!”
“Everyone, we shall wipe out the Harmon family to avenge Gray Ghoul!”
Battle cries echoed as each of the masked killers fished out a black ball and smashed it into the ground.
One by one, the balls burst apart on impact, and black fog wafted into the air.
“Watch out for the poison!” one of the martial artists cried out.
Everyone else immediately paled. They covered their mouths and noses frightfully.
“Natasha, lead everyone out of here. I’ll take care of this!” Dustin swung his sword. A burst of light
parted the poisonous gas, drawing a safe path.
“Hurry up!”
Natasha hurriedly gathered Mr. Robinson and the rest and ran out. She knew that they’d only be a burden to Dustin if they stayed behind.
“Caelus, we should run too!”
Ivy and Maria quickly lifted Caelus and followed Natasha. With their current condition, their best bet was to run away to stay alive.
As soon as they walked out of the door, the poisonous gas engulfed the room once more. Several martial artists tried to run away but were swallowed by the gas and began wailing in anguish.
###Chapter 676 by Marina Vittori
By the time they emerged, those people’s skins had begun to rot. Pus oozed from their skin, and blood trickled out of their mouths. They were going to die soon.
“Go after them! Don’t let them get away!” Two of the masked killers went after Natasha and the others. However, before they could even get past the door, a flash of light sliced their heads off cleanly.
“I’m your opponent.” Dustin stood in front of the door regally, holding a broken sword. Even the poisonous gas seemed afraid to go near him.
“Kill him! We need to avenge Gray Ghoul!”
With a loud cry, the killers charged toward Dustin. They utilized everything from weapons to poison and curses.
“None of you will escape today!” Dustin humphed before joining the fray, starting the bloody battle. Meanwhile, in the gardens, Natasha and everyone else were running in the blizzard. They left trails of footprints on the snowy ground.
“None of them seemed to have caught up to us. We should be safe now.” Ruth was panting after running for so long.
“Ms. Natasha, Caelus has been severely injured. We need to stop somewhere safe and treat his wounds as soon as possible,” Ivy said.
Natasha turned and saw Caelus, who was as white as a sheet. He was struggling to keep himself upright.
“Let’s go to the meeting room. Our elite guards are having a meeting there.” She immediately decided
“Let’s go.”
Just as everyone began to move, a bunch of large, round men emerged from the bushes. They were led by Marlon Cobb.
“Hello there, darlings. Where are you guys heading?” Marlon smirked as he gave the ladies a look
over.
“Marlon, why aren’t you helping when someone has infiltrated the place?” Natasha yelled.
“Help? Well, rather than hustling with those people, I’d much rather hustle with you girls.” Marlon wore a sickening grin.
“How dare you!” Caelus exploded. “Marlon, you better scram, or I’ll mess you up!”
“You?” Marlon sneered. “I might be afraid if you were uninjured, but you can’t even save yourself right now. How are you going to fight me?”
“I might be injured, but I can still get rid of you!” Caelus snarled.
“Really? Well, let’s see how strong you are now.” Marlon suddenly threw a punch.
“You!” Caelus tried to stop the other man, but his movements only aggravated his injuries. He
began to vomit blood, then collapsed.
“I haven’t even touched you yet. What a loser!” Marlon sneered.
“You better not play around, Marlon! The Invincible Guardians won’t let you off the hook!” Ivy yelled.
“If I kill all of you, how would others know?” Marlon retorted, unfazed by her threat.
“You wouldn’t!” Maria glared.
“But we’ll definitely have some fun before killing you guys” Marlon sneered viciously before signaling to his men. “What are you guys waiting for? Hurry up, the two chicks from the Invincible Guardians have been waiting for so long.
“Thanks, Marlon!” His subordinates immediately lunged toward Ivy and Maria.
“Let’s give it our all!” The two ladies gritted their teeth and faced the men’s attacks head-on However, they were quickly subdued and forced to the ground. Although they were skilled fighters, they weren’t able to use their full strength due to their injuries Eventually, they lost.
“We’re coming, darlings!” The men sneered. They yanked at the ladies’ clothes. Maria and Ivy shrieked in terror. They had never experienced something like this in their lives.
“Stop!” Caelus roared. He was powerless to do anything. He could only watch those men put their dirty hands on his allies.
###Chapter 677 by Marina Vittori
“Stop, you fucking mongrels!” Abigail yelled. She could not stand the sight of Ivy and Maria being assaulted by those beasts any longer.
“Awe, don’t rush us, darling. You’ll get your turn after we’re done with these two.” The men grinned sickeningly. Their predatory gazes were glued to Abigail.
“You’re taking things too far!” Abigail was furious and unsheathed her dagger. She charged
toward the men. The men were taken off guard. They couldn’t steer clear of her attacks quickly enough. Her blade left several cuts on them as they jerked backward.
“How dare you interrupt our fun! We’ll fuck you first!” The men were pissed. They were about to draw their swords, but Marlon stopped them.
“Woah, how can you guys treat a lady like that?” He approached Abigail with a small smile. Honey, you should queue up if you want your turn with us.”
“Fuck off, or you’re dead!” Abigail threatened.
“Awe, don’t be like that. I mean no harm. Just hand me that dagger. It’s too dangerous for you.” Marlon smiled and extended his hand.
“Fuck off!” Abigail swung her arm. The sharp edge of her blade left a gash on Marlon’s palm.
“Hmm?” Marlon’s smile hardened, and his face darkened. “There’s a limit to my patience. You should be grateful for my offer!”
“Abigail, don’t be reckless!” Mr. Robinson hurried over. He put himself in front of his daughter, smiling apologetically. “Sir, my daughter is young and foolish. Please forgive her.”
“Forgive her?” Marlon sneered. “She cut me just now, so what should we do now?”
“W-we’ll pay!” Mr. Robinson withdrew the twenty million dollar check he had gotten from Felix.
earlier. He carefully handed it over to Marlon.
“Not too shabby.” Marlon accepted the check and stuffed it into his pocket.
“Since we’ve already paid for your injuries, could we leave now?” Mr. Robinson smiled sheepishly.
“Leave? Who said anything about leaving?” Marlon smirked. “Did you think twenty million dollars. would be enough? What do you take me for?”
“Sir, we should take care of this issue peacefully. Let’s be forgiving and understanding when necessary.” Mr. Robinson lowered his head.
“I don’t mind letting you guys go, but you’ll have to please me first.” Marlon pointed at his shoe. and ordered, “My shoe has gotten a little dirty. Kneel and clean it.”
“Hey, you better not go overboard!” Abigail snapped Dying with dignity was much better than enduring humiliation. Being forced to kneel and clean someone’s shoe was nothing short of humiliating.
“I’m not forcing you to clean it.” Marlon shrugged.
“I’ll do it.” Mr. Robinson nodded repeatedly. Then, he fell to his knees.
1/2
“What are you doing, Dad? Get up!” Abigail frowned.
“It’s fine. It’ll be over in a second.” Mr. Robinson smiled sheepishly. He rolled up his sleeves and began carefully cleaning Marlon’s shoe.
“You!” Abigail’s blood boiled. She didn’t understand how her father could be such a huge coward “Pfft! You sure are a wonderful pet.” Marlon smiled and patted Mr. Robinson’s head.
“Sir, your shoe is clean now. Why don’t you take a look?” Mr. Robinson lifted his head and forced a smile. But, he remained where he was.
“Good job. You can leave now.” Marlon nodded with a smile.
“Thank you, sir!” Mr. Robinson beamed and grabbed his daughter’s hand. “Let’s go, Abigail!”
###Chapter 678 by Marina Vittori
“Let me go!” Abigail flung her father’s hand aside angrily. “You might be a coward, but I will never bow down to them like you do!”
She could leave now, but what about Natasha and the others? Was she supposed to abandon her friends and run away? She could never do that!
“Abigail, as long as you’re alive, there’s always a chance for you to seek revenge!” Mr. Robinson advised.
“You can leave if you want to, but don’t tell me what to do!” Abigail snapped cooly. She despised her spineless father; he bowed down to others no matter what.
He had never once acted like a man. Others had made fun of her all her life because of his timid actions. Therefore, she’d sworn that no matter what, she would never lose her dignity!
“Stop being so stubborn, Abigail. Let’s go!” Mr. Robinson tugged at Abigail anxiously.
“I told you not to tell me what to do! Scram!” Abigail shoved her father, and the man fell to the ground.
Marlon grinned at the sight. “You should have listened to your father, darling. You wouldn’t have been able to escape, but it would have been fun to watch you two try.”
He never planned to let them escape in the first place. He was merely playing a game of cat and
mouse.
“I knew you were up to no good!” Abigail clutched her dagger and tried to stab Marlon. As long as she could defeat that man, they would all be safe.
“What a fool.” Marlon shook his head. Then, he planted his foot into Abigail’s chest.
Abigail grunted as the force threw her backward Blood trickled out of the corner of her mouth. For a moment, she was immobile.
“Since you like using force so much, why don’t we start with you?” Marlon slowly approached her with a leering grin. He wanted to take her clothes off.
Mr. Robinson was instantly alarmed. Falling onto his knees before Marlon, he begged, “Please forgive her, sir! She’s just a child. I beg you!” He bowed deeply.
“Fuck off, you old shit!” Annoyed, Marlon kicked Mr Robinson aside.
“Sir!” Mr. Robinson clambered back to his knees. Please let my daughter go! I’ll do anything you
want!”
“Are you fucking deaf? I told you to piss off!” Marlon kicked Mr. Robinson again, harder this time.
The older man grunted as he flew backward. Still, he staggered to his feet and lunged toward Marlon. He held the other man’s calf, begging, “Please, sir! Please don’t hurt my daughter!”
“You’re dead meat!” Finally losing his temper, Marlon planted a furious kick on Mr. Robinson’s back.
Mr. Robinson threw up blood that dyed the snow red. However, he refused to let go of Marlon’s leg.
1/2
“Just die already, you old coot!” His stubbornness ticked Marlon off, who planted kick after kick on his back. Each kick caused Mr. Robinson to throw up blood. Still, his grip never loosened.
“Fuck off!”
Furious, Marlon aimed his last blow at Mr. Robinson’s head. He kicked it like a football. Immediately, Mr. Robinson went flying and crashed into a tree. He was bleeding profusely.
“Dad!”
###Chapter 679 by Marina Vittori
Abigail, Natasha, and the others were devastated. They knew that the force Marlon used was enough to kill his opponent. Even the strongest martial artist would have died on the spot from that attack. There was no way Mr. Robinson was fine.
“That piece of shit dirtied my clothes.” Marlon tried to dust the blood off his pants legs, disgusted. “I’ll kill you!” Abigail howled. She grabbed her dagger and charged toward Marlon.
Marlon sneered and grabbed her wrist, effectively pressing her onto the ground.
“No one’s going to interrupt us now, honey. Let’s do it here.” Grinning perversely, he tore off her jacket, exposing her voluptuous figure.
“Fuck off!”
Abigail slammed her knee into Marlon’s groin with all her might, her eyes bloodshot.
“Aargh!” Marlon wailed. His face was twisting in pain. “You bitch! How dare you harm me! I’m going to kill you!” He pulled out his sword and swung it toward her.
The blade was going to slice through her, but a bloody hand appeared from nowhere and grabbed the tip of the blade.
“Huh?” Marlon lifted his head. The person who stopped his attack was Mr. Robinson! However, he seemed like a completely different person.
This Mr. Robinson was no longer timid and fearful, Instead, he was cold and ruthless.
“How are you still alive?” Marlon’s expression sobered.
“Why did you have to push me?” Mr. Robinson sighed. “Couldn’t you have just let this matter
slide?”
“What the hell are you talking about, old man?” Marlon frowned uneasily. He realized that the air around the older man was slowly shifting.
“I’ve already given you a chance, but you didn’t appreciate it, so don’t blame me.” Mr. Robinson tightened his grip slightly, and Marlon’s sword instantly shattered into a million pieces. At the same time, a burst of energy exploded out of him. It rippled through the wind and caused snow to whirl up. Even the plants around them began to sway and shake as if they were marveling at his strength.
Mr. Robinson inhaled deeply, and all the joints in his body cracked. He gradually absorbed all the natural essence surrounding him into his body. Soon, he became so powerful that it was hard for others to even look him in the eye.
“W-who are you?” Marlon scrambled backward in terror. He never expected the timid old man to undergo such a drastic change. Now, Mr. Robinson was like a ferocious dragon who had just woken up from his deep slumber. A mere peek at the man was enough to send shivers down one’s spine.
Marlon had met countless masters in his lifetime, but Mr. Robinson was the scariest person he
had ever seen. In fact, Mr. Robinson might even be considered a god at this point-a being who stood higher than any human.
“You shouldn’t have hurt my daughter.” Mr. Robinson shook his head. He pointed in Marlon’s direction, and without warning, the man’s body exploded like a balloon. Marlon died in an instant.
###Chapter 680 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Everyone gaped incredulously at the bloody mist that used to be Marlon. Marlon was a Divine-level martial artist strong enough to take all of them down effortlessly. However, a finger was all Mr. Robinson needed to kill him. How terrifying! Was this really the cowardly old man they all knew?
“Run!” Once they got over the shock, the group of large men spun around and began to flee. They had no idea what had happened, but they knew Mr. Robinson was far stronger than expected. Marlon had been killed easily, so there was no way they’d stand a chance against that man.
“You shouldn’t have done all that if you were afraid of dying.” Mr. Robinson waved his hand casually, and the men immediately burst apart. They turned into a bloody mist.
“Uh…” Everyone was shocked by the sight, especially Abigail. Her eyes were wide open. She couldn’t believe that her cowardly father had suddenly turned so strong.
“Wow, he really kept his skills well hidden!” Dustin, who had just arrived, gaped at Mr. Robinson. He always thought he had a good eye. However, he never realized such a strong individual had been hiding under his nose this entire time.
“Mr. Robinson? Is that really you?” Natasha asked hesitantly, astonished.
“I apologize for scaring you, Ms. Natasha.” Mr. Robinson lowered his head. He quickly returned to how he was earlier. However, no one could look down on him anymore.
“Dad, how…” Abigail was at a loss for words. She couldn’t understand why her father would hide his powers and let others walk all over him.
“I’m sorry for deceiving you all these years. I wanted you to grow up as an ordinary person, but I didn’t expect things to turn out like this.” Mr. Robinson sighed. He knew how dangerous the martial world was, so he hoped his daughter could stay out of it. Alas, things didn’t always go as planned.
“Who are you? Why are you so strong? And why did you lie to me?” Abigail fired questions rapidly. Her head was completely blank at the moment.
“It’s a long story. I-” Mr. Robinson began.
Suddenly, a group of people emerged from the snow ahead. It was the rest of the Harmon family. The Harmon family’s strongest fighters, which consisted of hundreds of Harmon family elite guards and aids, were being led by Hector.
“Natasha, Ruth, are you girls alright?” Hector asked as he and his group braved the blizzard and trudged toward them. He stared at the bright red snow fearfully.
“We’re fine. We ran into some bastards earlier, but fortunately, Mr. Robinson was around.” Natasha forced a smile.
“Mr. Robinson?” Hector was taken aback. He surveyed the mess in dismay. After all, the pieces of flesh littering the ground could only have been caused by using powerful true energy to blast the bodies apart.
It would take at least a Divine-level martial artist to do that. Mr. Robinson was merely a servant in
had ever seen. In fact, Mr. Robinson might even be considered a god at this point-a being who stood higher than any human.
“You shouldn’t have hurt my daughter.” Mr. Robinson shook his head. He pointed in Marlon’s direction, and without warning, the man’s body exploded like a balloon. Marlon died in an instant.
Today’s Bonus Offer
GET IT NOW
Chapter 680
“What?” Everyone gaped incredulously at the bloody mist that used to be Marlon.
Marlon was a Divine-level martial artist strong enough to take all of them down effortlessly. However, a finger was all Mr. Robinson needed to kill him. How terrifying! Was this really the cowardly old man they all knew?
“Run!” Once they got over the shock, the group of large men spun around and began to flee. They had no idea what had happened, but they knew Mr. Robinson was far stronger than expected. Marlon had been killed easily, so there was no way they’d stand a chance against that man.
“You shouldn’t have done all that if you were afraid of dying.” Mr. Robinson waved his hand casually, and the men immediately burst apart. They turned into a bloody mist.
“Uh…” Everyone was shocked by the sight, especially Abigail. Her eyes were wide open. She couldn’t believe that her cowardly father had suddenly turned so strong.
“Wow, he really kept his skills well hidden!” Dustin, who had just arrived, gaped at Mr. Robinson. He always thought he had a good eye. However, he never realized such a strong individual had been hiding under his nose this entire time.
“Mr. Robinson? Is that really you?” Natasha asked hesitantly, astonished.
“I apologize for scaring you, Ms. Natasha.” Mr. Robinson lowered his head. He quickly returned to how he was earlier. However, no one could look down on him anymore.
“Dad, how…” Abigail was at a loss for words. She couldn’t understand why her father would hide his powers and let others walk all over him.
“I’m sorry for deceiving you all these years. I wanted you to grow up as an ordinary person, but I didn’t expect things to turn out like this.” Mr. Robinson sighed. He knew how dangerous the martial world was, so he hoped his daughter could stay out of it. Alas, things didn’t always go as planned.
“Who are you? Why are you so strong? And why did you lie to me?” Abigail fired questions rapidly. Her head was completely blank at the moment.
“It’s a long story. I-” Mr. Robinson began.
Suddenly, a group of people emerged from the snow ahead. It was the rest of the Harmon family. The Harmon family’s strongest fighters, which consisted of hundreds of Harmon family elite guards and aids, were being led by Hector.
“Natasha, Ruth, are you girls alright?” Hector asked as he and his group braved the blizzard and trudged toward them. He stared at the bright red snow fearfully.
“We’re fine. We ran into some bastards earlier, but fortunately, Mr. Robinson was around.” Natasha forced a smile.
“Mr. Robinson?” Hector was taken aback. He surveyed the mess in dismay. After all, the pieces of flesh littering the ground could only have been caused by using powerful true energy to blast the bodies apart.
It would take at least a Divine-level martial artist to do that. Mr. Robinson was merely a servant in us, he would pant after running a few steps. How uet hall. The Dark Lord’s disciples broke in. You kly told her father.
###Chapter 681 by Marina Vittori
“Hurry! Let’s head over to the banquet hall!” Hector ordered immediately.
“No need. I’ve taken care of it.” Dustin emerged from the darkness. His white clothes were stained red as some murderous air lingered on him.
“That’s good.” Hector sighed in relief before asking, “Dustin, did you catch sight of the Dark Lord?”
“Not yet?” Dustin shook his head..
“As long as the Dark Lord is alive, our family will be in danger. All members of the Harmon 1
family, listen up! Split yourself into groups of five and root him out!” Hector commanded.
“There’s no need for that. I’m already here.” Just then, a sinister voice spoke out.
Everyone turned and saw a man standing proudly on the gazebo nearby. He wore a black cape and a mask that covered half of his face. The air surrounding the man was so poisonous that the ring. of plants around him had already withered. Even the snow that fell on his body turned black.
“The Dark Lord?” The Harmon family instantly had their guards up and their weapons drawn. The past few years have traumatized them. They couldn’t see or catch him, so they had to be constantly on guard against him since his methods were always baffling. He was skilled in poison, curses, and witchcraft and could easily kill someone undetected. His skills made it extremely difficult to anticipate his next move.
The Harmon family couldn’t help but feel a little scared. They could finally meet this nightmare
in person.
“You’ve finally shown yourself.” Hector narrowed his eyes, his expression grim. Knowing the Dark Lord’s personality, the man must have something up his sleeve if he was willing to show himself
today.
“We should end things now. It’s been a long time coming, after all.” The Dark Lord sniggered. “You have two choices right now. You either hand over your treasure, or your entire family will perish!”
“Our family will perish? Because of you?” Hector humphed. He prepared well just to fight against the Dark Lord. However, dealing with the man would have been difficult if he had been hiding in
the dark. Now that the Dark Lord had shown himself, they could finally take him down!
“I can deal with all of you myself!” The Dark Lord clasped his hands behind his back, his clothes dancing in the air.
“How dare you!”
“Insolent bastard!”
The Harmon family cried out angrily. The Dark Lord was feared for his mystic arts. So, the Harmon family had nothing to fear as long as everything came down to a battle of the fists.
“Move out of the way! I’ll deal with him!” Dylan stood forward and swore, “You’ve harmed our family for years, Dark Lord! Today, you will pay for your sins with your blood!”
“Foolish brat.” The Dark Lord humphed disdainfully
“How dare you look down on me! Go to hell!” Dylan drew his blade and leaped into the air. With a powerful swing, he brought his sword down with all his might.
There was a whistle as the force melted the snow in its path and headed toward the Dark Lord,
“What a powerful swing!” The Harmon family watched the battle animatedly. As the genius of the family, the time Dylan spent on the battlefield completely changed him. His sword was much more powerful than it once was.
“Oh, my genius boy!” Jacob watched his son proudly. Defeating the Dark Lord would make Dylan the family’s hero.
“Tree Flicker.” With a snicker, the Dark Lord struck out with his palm. A shadow phased through Dylan’s sword and planted itself into the young man’s chest.
“Aargh!” Dylan wailed as he collapsed onto the ground. He spurted blood everywhere.
###Chapter 682 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Everyone was shocked as they watched Dylan land on the ground. The way he had leaped into the air tricked everyone into thinking that he had a winning chance against the Dark Lord. However, his opponent was able to get rid of him effortlessly, shocking the crowd.
“Dylan!” Jacob paled. He rushed over to hold his son up.
“I slipped, Dad…” Dylan forced out before his head fell to one side as he passed out. Jacob was tongue-tied. He couldn’t believe how stubborn his son was.
“How could he act so foolishly when he’s so weak? Does the Harmon family have no one else to send?” At the gazebo, the Dark Lord sneered at them scornfully.
“Don’t be cocky. We’ll deal with you!” A voice was heard as nine people emerged from the group of people. There was a mix of men and women, as each of them were powerful fighters well-known in the martial world. Without doing much, they gave off immense pressure on those around them.
“To tell you the truth, these are skilled martial artists we hired. With them around, you’ll meet your end no matter what tricks you use!” Trent declared, pleased.
“You better surrender if you don’t want to die!” Hector shouted.
The Harmon family called upon many martial artists for help, but most of them were nothing but smokescreens. Their true trump card was actually these nine fighters.
“Pfft! I can get rid of these nine pests easily.” The Dark Lord sniggered, unfazed.
“Insolent bastard!” His answer pissed off the nine fighters.
They were well-known fighters in the martial world and were confident they could each take on the Dark Lord by themselves, much less as a team
“Guys, on my mark, let’s get rid of this evil man!” An elderly man shouted as he sprung toward the Dark Lord, sword first. “Kill him!”
The remaining eight fighters followed closely behind, each using their best skills to fight the Dark Lord Blades glinted, and gusts of wind rippled through the air as the trees and bushes around them were sliced down. Even the freshly laid snow had evaporated.
“With those skills, no wonder they’re the best fighters around.”
“With those nine people attacking him at the same time, there’s no way he can avoid their assault!
Π
“Since he dared to invade our house, let’s make sure he never leaves!”
The Harmon family watched intently as the nine fighters surrounded the Dark Lord, eagerly waiting for the latter to be shredded into pieces.
“What a bunch of losers.” The Dark Lord chuckled before striking outward with both palms. There was a loud rumble as the two fighters closest to him were flattened into human pancakes. The Dark Lord then spun around and did the same to the two fighters behind him, killing them instantly.
Within seconds, nearly half of the nine fighters were dead.
While the Dark Lord was busy with the four fighters, the remaining five rushed toward the Dark Lord and swung their swords fiercely.
Sharp clangs rang out as their weapons hit the Dark Lord’s body. As if they had hit solid steel, sparks flew from the points of contact.
“What?”
The five fighters’ eyes widened in shock, and they paled. When they tried to jump backward, they realized that the true energy surrounding the Dark Lord’s frame had glued their weapons to his body like a magnet.
“Who gave you the courage to fight me with those measly skills? You guys must have a death wish!” The Dark Lord’s body shook, and a gust of terrifying true energy burst forth.
###Chapter 683 by Marina Vittori
As if they had been struck by a train, the remaining five fighters were brutally thrown backward and landed in a pile of snow.
Some died, while others were severely injured, and none of them were able to stand up again.
“What? The nine fighters lost?” The Harmon family was devastated to see that the skilled fighters they spent a hefty amount to hire hadn’t even been able to touch a hair on the Dark Lord’s head.
“Who’s up next?” The Dark Lord stood at the same gazebo, and he peered down at those useless fools.
“Even those nine fighters lost to him. There’s no way anyone could win against him.” The Harmon family exchanged fearful glances, none of them daring to step forward. Was this the end of the Harmon family?
“The two of us will have some fun with you, Dark Lord.” Suddenly, a grave voice broke the silence.
Everyone turned to see two shadows emerging from the sky, nimbly making their way toward them. They moved as stealthily as a cat, making it hard for others to spot them.
“They’re awesome!” Everyone was amazed by the two men, who moved past the trees and toward the Dark Lord.
As they approached, everyone finally realized who the two elderly men were.
“Master Herman! Sir Leon!” Caelus was overjoyed to see them.
“They’re finally here!” Ivy and Maria cheered at the new arrivals, who were none other than the leader and assistant leader of the Invincible Guardians, Herman, and Leon Delgado.
1
“You’re finally here.” Hector and the rest of the Harmon family heaved sighs of relief. Now that the leader of the Invincible Guardians was here, the Dark Lord couldn’t do too much damage. After all, these two men were martial artists who were close to becoming grandmasters.
“I hope you can forgive us for arriving late, Hector. Herman lowered his head respectfully.
“Of course. Having you two here is already a godsend.” Hector smiled. Things had seemed quite bad earlier, but fortunately, there hadn’t been much real damage.
“Let’s not waste time. We’ll take care of things from here.” Herman turned around to face the gazebo. “Dark Lord, you’ve committed grave sins Bold of-you to not surrender yourself now that the two of us are here!”
“No wonder you guys weren’t afraid. You had the Invincible Guardians protecting you.” The Dark Lord narrowed his eyes.
“If you’re scared, you better kneel and apologize right now. We might spare your life that way.” Leon bellowed.
“Scared? Pfft! Guilds like yours always like to bully people with numbers. How strong can you be? I challenge you to a one-on-one fight!” The Dark Lord taunted.
“Why would I need Herman’s help to deal with the likes of you?” Leon snorted.
“You better remember what you just said.” The Dark Lord’s gaze darkened, a sinister smile on his face.
“Hold on!” Dustin suddenly called out. “Sir Leon, you’re no match for him on your own. You have to work together if you want to have a winning chance”
“Nonsense!” Leon glared at him. “I’m nearly a Grandmaster martial artist. I can take care of this fat Divine-level bastard easily!”
“I’m just giving you a piece of advice. Even animals give it their all when catching prey much weaker than them, so there’s no need to risk it,” Dustin responded.
“Shut up! How dare a stupid brat like you tell me what to do! Step aside!” Leon was pissed that Dustin would question his capabilities.
“What?” Dustin frowned, and his expression turned cold. “If you insist on doing things your way, forget I said anything.”
He only gave that piece of advice because of the Harmon family, but since Leon refused to listen to him and even insulted him, he might as well just turn a blind eye.
###Chapter 684 by Marina Vittori
“Hmph, foolish brat!” Caelus glanced at Dustin and sneered. “What would a stupid pig like you know about Sir Leon’s strength? You could never even hope to reach his level!”
“Dustin, Sir Leon is a semi-Grandmaster. You shouldn’t talk about things you don’t know. Others might laugh at you,” Ivy grumbled in displeasure.
“She’s right. You should watch how Sit Leon takes his opponent down!” Maria echoed. All of them saw Dustin as someone who liked to talk others down to make himself feel good. The Dark Lord might be a powerful person, but he was still a Divine-level martial artist, which was nowhere near the level of a semi-Grandmaster.
“Let’s hope things turn out the way you’re hoping they will,” Dustin simply responded. He’s said everything he needed to say. If he said anymore, he would just make a fool of himself.
“Sir Leon, I think he’s right. If you’re too scared to fight me alone, you can ask your leader to join the battle. Otherwise, you might suffer an embarrassing loss,” The Dark Lord taunted, aware that guilds like these cared more about their pride than anything else.
As he expected, Leon was furious at his words. “Yeah, right! Killing you is a piece of cake. I don’t need anyone’s help! Here I come!” He jumped into the air and unsheathed the long sword behind his back. Clutching the sword with one hand, he thrust it toward the Dark Lord at an incredible speed.
“His sword is so fast and powerful!”
“No wonder he’s a semi-Grandmaster. He’s so strong!”
The crowd marveled at his strength. They had never seen someone as strong as Leon.
“You’re doomed!” Leon bellowed, and his sword shone as his attack increased in power.
“Foolish bastard.” The Dark Lord chuckled coldly before swinging his hand, which was curled into a claw
This caused Leon’s blade, which was less than twenty inches away, to stop mid-air. The sword trembled violently but didn’t move at all.
“How is that possible?” Leon was shocked. Before he had time to react, the Dark Lord reached out and struck Leon’s chest with his palm. Immediately, blood spewed from Leon’s mouth, and he flew backward.
“Go to hell!” The Dark Lord took advantage of this opportunity and struck again. A huge shadow in the shape of a palm hit Leon hard.
“Leon!” Herman paled. He quickly drew his sword to counter the Dark Lord’s attack. There was a loud bang as the two attacks clashed before the shadow palm disappeared.
Herman reached out to catch Leon when the Dark Lord suddenly fused with the shadows and slammed into him.
“You must have a death wish!” Furious, Herman brandished his sword. Instantly, thousands of shadow swords appeared. They trapped the Dark Lord from all directions and then flew in the Dark Lord’s direction. However, they didn’t seem to affect the Dark Lord, who was able to phase through the shadows and counter with another strike.
“Oh no!” Herman’s eyes widened, and he instinctively raised his sword to block the oncoming onslaught. The blade shattered on impact, and the Dark Lork quickly followed up with another strike to Herman’s chest, crushing the man’s bones and causing him to cough up blood. Herman flew in the air before crashing into the ground, head-first.
###Chapter 685 by Marina Vittori
It had only taken the Dark Lord two seconds to defeat Herman and Leon. “What?” Everyone exclaimed, flabbergasted. No one had expected the two semi-Grandmasters to lose so terribly to the Dark Lord.
“Master Herman!” Terrified, Caelus, Ivy, and Maria dashed toward their mentor. Herman and Leon were severely injured; they bled profusely from their noses, and they couldn’t get back onto their feet
“How is this possible? The leader of the Invincible Guardians actually lost?” The Harmon family couldn’t believe their eyes. The two semi-Grandmasters had been their final trump card, and they’d thought they’d have a winning chance against the Dark Lord, yet the latter had eventually won, which begged the question: if the Dark Lord was stronger than Herman and Leon, which Harmon family member would stand a chance against him?
“If the two of you had come at me together, you could have won against me. Unfortunately, your confidence and pride blinded you.” The Dark Lord peered down at them.
“A aren’t you just a fully developed Divine-level martial artist?” Herman gasped, clutching his chest.
“How was I going to lure you out if I didn’t hide my true strength?” The Dark Lord chuckled. Although he had been confident that things would turn out in his favor, he still didn’t want to take any risks.
“You treacherous and shameless bastard!” Jacob swore.
“Nothing matters as long as I can win.” The Dark Lord grinned. “Also, aren’t you curious as to why I finally decided to show myself after all this time hiding?”
“Why?” Hector asked uneasily.
“I’ve been biding my time and building my strength” The Dark Lord puffed out his chest. Actually, I’ve already evolved into a Grandmaster martial artist!”
His words shocked everyone, causing them to break out in a cold sweat. There were many skilled fighters in the martial world. However, it was rare to find anyone so strong. Countless geniuses spent all their lives trying to break that barrier and evolve.
Herman and Leon were the perfect examples. Although they were semi-Grandmasters who were halfway to becoming Grandmasters, the gap they had yet to fill was so profound that they’d been stuck at their current level for the past decade and still hadn’t seen any improvements. Therefore, it wasn’t an exaggeration to say that becoming a Grandmaster was near impossible.
Everyone finally understood why Herman and Leon had lost. Their opponent was a Grandmaster! “Shit! We’re doomed!”
“How are we supposed to fight against such a strong opponent?”
“That’s the end of our family!”
The Harmon family wore devastated expressions. The opponent they were facing was a
Grandmaster, which meant they had no chance of winning and could only let the Dark Lord do as he pleased.
“You’ve lost, Hector. I’ll let you guys live if you hand over the treasure.” The Dark Lord
commanded. He was powerful enough to crush the entire family.
“Knowing you, you won’t let us go even if we hand over the treasure.” Hector shook his head.
“You don’t have a choice in this matter.” The Dark Lord smiled coldly. It was true that he hadn’t been planning to let any of them go since obtaining the treasure map and getting rid of the Harmon family had been his target from the start.
“Since we’ll die no matter what, we might as well die honorably.” Hector took a deep breath. He suddenly raised his hand and shouted, “All Harmon family members, listen up! Draw your weapons and fight!”
This kind of events will not be posted on the current date
OK
###Chapter 686 by Marina Vittori
“Draw your weapons and fight!” Hector bellowed, his determined gaze psyching the rest of the family up. “Fuck, let’s do this!”
“Charge!” The Harmon family yelled and drew their weapons. Their conflict with the Dark Lord had been going on for years, and there was no way he would let them go easily. So, they might as well give it their best shot if they were going to die.
“You pests dare challenge me? You will all die!” The Dark Lord’s expression hardened. “Hector, since you’re being so stubborn, I’ll turn this place into a bloodbath today!”
He slowly pulled his hand back before slapping the ground harshly. Instantly, the ground shook, and snow exploded everywhere. A huge shadow palm fell from the sky and onto the Harmon family members, making it hard for them to breathe or even move. They realized that when their opponent was a Grandmaster martial artist, they couldn’t even run if they wanted to.
“Hmm…” Dustin frowned. He was just about to make his move when a pebble shot toward the shadow palm. There was a bang as the dark cloud dispersed.
Freed from the attack, the Harmon family began panting.
“Who the hell did that?” The Dark Lord studied the people around him with a sharp glare. He might have only used less than a third of his powers, but it was still more than what regular martial artists could withstand.
“Why do you insist on killing everybody? Can’t you just forgive them?” With a sigh, Mr. Robinson emerged from the crowd.
“Mr. Robinson?” Everyone was shocked. They never expected a family servant to stand up for them when things got rough. Alas, it wasn’t enough. Everything was useless when faced with a Grandmaster.
“Who are you? How dare you stop me!” The Dark Lord glared at the older man.
“I owe the Harmon family a debt, so I hope you could be generous enough to let them go.” Mr. Robinson requested politely.
“Hmph, who are you to talk to me like that?” The Dark Lord shouted.
“Come on, you come from the same family, so why do you have to fight them like this? You should stop now.” Mr. Robinson’s tone was grave.
“And if I don’t?” The Dark Lord narrowed his eyes, which glinted murderously.
“I’ll have to try and stop you then,” Mr. Robinson replied seriously.
“You stubborn, old thing!” The Dark Lord snarled. He launched himself forward and thrust his
palm at Mr. Robinson’s chest. The devastating force was so strong that it ripped through the air, causing the snow around them to evaporate and the trees around them to explore.
“Watch out, Mr. Robinson!”
1/2
“Dad, duck!”
People cried out from the crowd. However, Mr. Robinson seemed to have frozen up in fear.
“Shit, he’s a goner!”
“No one can stand the attack of a Grandmaster.”
Everyone shook their heads, sighing silently.
Mr. Robinson’s courage was commendable, but he was still far too weak to save them. With a loud bang, the Dark Lord’s palm landed on Mr. Robinson’s chest.
Just as everyone thought that Mr. Robinson would be injured and die on the spot, a miracle happened. The small figure withstood the attack perfectly and without moving.
###Chapter 687 by Marina Vittori
“How is that possible?” Everyone’s jaws dropped. Even Herman hadn’t been able to withstand a single strike from the Dark Lord, so how was the feeble old man still standing?
“I-is this really happening? Mr. Robinson blocked the attack with his body?” Jacob’s eyes were wide.
“Holy shit! When did he become so powerful?” Trent gulped, his face stunned in disbelief. Although Hector didn’t say anything, the shock was written all over his face.
“I didn’t know there was someone so strong in the Harmon family!” Herman and Leon were secretly in awe. Even if the Dark Lord hadn’t used all his might, his attack was still more than what most people could withstand.
“What?” The Dark Lord staggered backward, flabbergasted. He had used eighty percent of his strength just now, yet Mr. Robinson had blocked his attack like it was nothing.
“You should stop now.” Mr. Robinson shook his head, a clear warning in his eyes.
“Shut up! I’m going to kill you!” The Dark Lord’s gaze hardened. He took out a red ball and flung it at Mr. Robinson, which exploded midair.
“Watch out! That’s Demon Fire! It can burn anything and kill you instantly!” Hector paled and cried out a warning.
Demon Fire was an infamous weapon in the martial world. Anything it touched would immediately turn into ash, and its killing power was incredible.
Mr. Robinson was unfazed by the flame. With a gentle puff, a strong gust of wind raked by, putting the fire out instantly.
“What…” Hector was taken aback. How did such a terrifying weapon get put out so quickly? Was this even humanely possible?
“How is this possible?” The Dark Lord paled. Demon Fire had been his trump card. It was so powerful that even Grandmasters would have a hard time defending themselves, yet Mr. Robinson had blown it out so easily. How terrifying!
“You’ve had your turn. Now, it’s mine.” Mr. Robinson slowly raised his hand and pointed.
Bang! The Dark Lord’s body slammed backward with tremendous force, blasting through trees, a fake hill, and the gazebo before eventually crashing into the snow somewhere back, unconscious.
“Holy shit!” Everyone was stunned and tongue-tied into silence. The Dark Lord, who was a Grandmaster, someone countless martial artists yearned to become, had been defeated by a single attack from Mr. Robinson. That’s incredible!
“W-who are you?” The Dark Lord staggered to his feet. His hair was tousled, and blood trickled out of his nose and mouth. He looked as though he would collapse at any moment.
“Michael Robinson,” his opponent answered frankly
“M-Michael Robinson?” The Dark Lord paled and stammered, “Y-you’re Michael Robinson, one of the five ultimate grandmasters in Balerno?”
###Chapter 688 by Marina Vittori
“Michael Robinson?” As soon as everyone heard the name, their jaws dropped in shock. Michael Robinson, one of the five ultimate grandmasters in Balerno, was just as renowned as Paul Hill and was a legendary figure with an amazing reputation
Ten years ago, he single-handedly defended Westward Fortress by himself. He defeated three foreign ultimate grandmasters and repelled tens of thousands of enemies from breaking in. With him alone as defense, his opponents hadn’t been able to step a single foot in, and this battle had made him famous. In a short year, word of his achievements spread far and wide, making him known as one of the strongest people in Balerno.
No one expected the same person, who had gone missing for years, to suddenly appear here as an ordinary family servant. It showed that one should never judge a book by its cover.
“Mr. Robinson is the Grandmaster Michael Robinson? How is that possible?” Hector was dismayed. Michael Robinson was their family’s ultimate trump card. His father had once told Hector that a distress signal could only be sent when the entire family was on the brink of destruction. However, never in his dreams did he expect such a legendary figure to be hiding right under his nose, blending in well with everyone else.
“No wonder Mr. Robinson was so strong.” Natasha was astonished. Being able to kill Marlon by pointing at him and defeating the Dark Lord with a single strike was more than enough to prove Michael’s identity.
“How unexpected!”
“With his capability, no wonder he’s such a legendary figure.”
“I can’t wait to brag about being served by a Grandmaster before!”
The Harmon family was excited after finding out the truth, their views of Michael turned respectful. No one expected the timid servant, who was full of smiles, to be one of the five ultimate grandmasters in Balerno.
“Dad…” Abigail was at a loss for words, her head blank. She still couldn’t wrap her head around the fact that her father was such an important figure.
“It must have taken you a long time to reach such a level. I don’t want to kill you, so stop now,” Michael stated calmly. No one dared to look down on him after what had just transpired.
“As a Grandmaster myself, I doubt you can kill me!” The Dark Lord gritted his teeth in displeasure.
“You should know that there are strong Grandmasters, and there are weak ones. You’re still a fresh Grandmaster, so it wouldn’t be difficult to get tid of you.” Michael shook his head.
“Cut the crap! I’ll kill you today!” The Dark Lord bellowed, black fog bursting forth from his body.
“Watch out, sir. He’s going to go all out!” Herman warned.
Almost immediately, the Dark Lord made his move. With a powerful stomp, he shot in the opposite direction like a rocket. H-he had run away!
the five ultimate grandmasters in Balerno?
###Chapter 689 by Marina Vittori
The Dark Lord snuck away giddily, praising himself for his quick thinking that saved him from his death. There was no way he could have won against a monster like Michael. Only an idiot would have challenged that man.
After getting over the scare, the Dark Lord thought of something and smiled. “So what if my opponent is the legendary Michael Robinson? I still got away. He’s just a piece of trash!”
Suddenly, his grin froze as he sensed danger coming from behind. He instinctively turned around to see a beam of light shooting toward him at lightning speed.
“Aargh!” The Dark Lord shrieked in terror. He immediately used all his energy to form a shield. However, the barrier shattered as soon as it touched the light, which pierced his body. He howled in pain as he fell out of the sky and into the bushes.
“Great job!” The crowd cheered. They thought that the Dark Lord would get away once more, but all it took was for Michael to throw his sword like a javelin to take the Dark Lord down.
Just as they were basking in the happiness of defeating the Dark Lord, there was a red flash of light as the injured Dark Lord sprung up and dashed away rapidly, disappearing in a flash.
“A Blood Shield?” Michael was taken aback.
Blood Shield was a type of rare black magic. It drew energy from the user’s life force and allowed the user to have sudden bursts of strength and speed, which was extremely effective for both fighting and running away. However, it came at a cost. Each time a person used this technique, ten years of their life would drain away. Using a Blood Shield when injured was even worse, so even if that person didn’t die afterward, their fighting skills would drop significantly, and there was no way they could remain a Grandmaster anymore.
“He didn’t die. What a pity.” Hector sighed.
“That lucky bastard!” Trent gritted his teeth angrily
“The Dark Lord has been injured. He won’t get far. Men, go after him immediately!” Jacob ordered, leading the Harmon family’s elite guards. Everyone was aware that if they let the Dark Lord slip away today, the man would retaliate tenfold in the future.
“Mr. Robinson-I mean, Sir Robinson, thank you so much for helping our family today!” Hector lowered his head respectfully.
“Thank you, Sir Robinson!” Natasha and the rest of the family followed suit.
Mr. Robinson was no longer the timid old man they all knew. Instead, he was the renowned -Grandmaster-Michael Robinson!
“Don’t mention it. Mr. Harmon Senior helped me before, so I’m just repaying the favor,” Michael answered kindly as usual. However, his gaze was conflicted as it swept over Abigail. He had tried to keep his daughter safe by hiding his identity. Unfortunately, the truth had still come to light. If he became Michael Robinson once more, things would only become more troublesome.
###Chapter 690 by Marina Vittori
Amidst the heavy snowfall, a figure in black dashed on frantically, ignoring the fierce winds. Blood trickled out of his wounds and dripped onto the fresh snow beneath him.
“That piece of shit. He nearly killed me! Thank God I used Blood Shield, or I’d be dead meat by now! * The Dark Lord gritted his teeth, only letting out a sigh of relief when he saw that no one was on this trail, his face still ashen.
Michael’s final attack had been so strong that it had pierced his protective barrier and even
managed to cut through his ametrine armor, leaving a deep gash on his back. If it weren’t for that armor, he’d be dead by now. No wonder so many people feared the five Grandmasters. Fortunately, he managed to survive, and he even got some shocking information.
The Dark Lord wheezed and coughed out blood as he dragged his battered body toward his hiding spot. After ten minutes, he finally reached a hidden area in the courtyard.
“Who are you?” Several masked women jumped out, firmly clutching swords.
“It’s me.” The Dark Lord unveiled himself.
“Master?” The women immediately lowered their heads.
“Where’s Azalea?” The Dark Lord croaked.
“She’s standing guard in the hall,” one of the ladies answered.
“Keep an eye out for danger,” the Dark Lord reminded before heading over to the hall.
Meanwhile, Azalea was intently observing a wooden jar. She watched, amused, as a poisonous scorpion and centipede fought furiously.
“Azalea!” Just then, the doors opened, and the Dark Lord tottered into the room.
“Yes?” When Azalea saw the man, she paled and rushed over. “Master! What happened? Who did this to you?”
“Michael Robinson was helping the Harmon family, so I lost.” The Dark Lord scowled.
“Michael Robinson, one of Balerno’s Grandmasters?” Azalea frowned. “Didn’t he disappear years ago? What’s he doing here?”
“He was hiding his identity, so no one knew who he was. Today’s just my unlucky day.” The Dark Lord sighed. He thought he’d finally be able to destroy the Harmon family after becoming at Grandmaster, yet Michael’s sudden appearance nearly cost him his life. He must have the most
rotten luck!
“As long as you’re alright, we’ll have many more chances to take revenge. Let me treat your injuries.” Azalea immediately got to work, swiftly applying medicine and patching the man up. However, his internal injuries would require constant medication before they could heal.
“I might have lost this time, but at least I’ve obtained a valuable bargaining chip,” the Dark Lord.
mused.
###Chapter 691 by Marina Vittori
What is it?” Azalea asked curiously. “You’ve heard of the Mystic Arts Order, haven’t you?” “Of course. It’s the greatest dark faction of all time. It’s even on par with Stonia’s Celestial Alliance, “Azalea answered.
The Mystic Arts Order was a mysterious faction. Despite having only a few disciples, everyone in the group was trained in the mystic arts as well as martial arts. And because of their ruthless way of killing their targets discreetly, they quickly became the strongest dark faction of all time.
“I used to be part of the group,” The Dark Lord said wistfully. “I might not have been the brightest disciple there, but I was still a talented individual with a bright future. However, I was kicked out after committing a crime.”
“Do you still wish to return there?” Azalea asked.
“Of course.” The Dark Lord nodded. “That place is like heaven to people like us. It’s filled with numerous secret arts and is home to many powerful fighters. If I can get back in, I’d be far stronger than I am now!”
“You sound like you have a plan.” Azalea watched her mentor.
“You’re such a smart girl.” The Dark Lord smiled softly. “Michael Robinson is my ticket to return to the Mystic Arts Order. Do you know who his wife is?”
“No.” Azalea was puzzled.
“Their Grand Sorceress, Katherine Hunter!” The Dark Lord revealed.
“The Grand Sorceress?” Azalea was astonished. The Grand Sorceress was the successor of the Mystic Arts Order and stood higher than anyone in the group. Most of the time, the leader would keep themselves hidden from the world outside, so the responsibility of taking care of the order would fall onto the Grand Sorceress’ shoulders.
“Hang on…” Azalea suddenly recalled something. Didn’t the Grand Sorceress die a long time ago?”
“Katherine Hunter might be dead, but she has a daughter.” The Dark Lord smiled sinisterly. “Very few people know that she gave birth to a daughter after eloping with Michael Robinson. The leader of the order only discovered this after tracking Katherine down a decade later. To prevent their daughter from being taken away, Katherine and Michael fought against the order, and Katherine died during the battle. Michael then immediately fled with his daughter and hid
– himself from the world. I didn’t expect myself to discover this secret today.”
Azalea finally understood what the Dark Lord was implying. “Master, do you intend to trade this information with the Mystic Arts Order so that they accept you again?”
“Bingo!” The Dark Lord smiled. “Since Katherine died, Michael Robinson’s daughter naturally became the next Grand Sorceress, and the Mystic Arts Order would do anything to get their hands. on her.”
“I see…” Azalea’s eyes lit up. “We sure hit the jackpot today.”
1/2
Exactly! As long as we bring the Grand Sorceress back to the order, they will worship us endlessly,” the Dark Lord boasted. He laughed manically before he began to cough violently.
“Are you all right?” Flabbergasted, Azalea quickly comforted the Dark Lord.
“Michael managed to injure me earlier, and I was forced to use Blood Shield. I only have ten percent of my power left.” The Dark Lord wiped the blood off the corner of his lips. “But that’s nothing. As long as I can bring the Grand Sorceress back to the Mystic Arts Order, I’ll recover in no time. I’ll be stronger than ever!”
“I can’t believe you’re letting me know such a huge secret.” Azalea was touched.
“You’re my favorite disciple and like a daughter to me. What’s a little secret? As soon as I secure a position in the order, I’ll make sure to promote you too!” The Dark Lord smiled.
“Master, thank you so much. I don’t have anything to repay you with, so please accept my small gift.” Azalea lowered her head.
“What is it?” The Dark Lord inquired. Before he had time to react, a sharp dagger pierced his chest, shocking him.
“Here you go.” An evil smirk appeared on Azalea’s face.
###Chapter 692 by Marina Vittori
“Ugh…The Dark Lord was stunned. With his eyes wide open, he looked at the knife in his chest, then up at the smirking Azalea. His pale face was a mix of shock, disbelief, and confusion. It happened so suddenly that he still hadn’t registered that he had been stabbed.
“W-why?” The Dark Lord asked in disbelief. He never expected his most beloved disciple to kill him. “Your skills have greatly plummeted since you’re seriously injured, rendering you defenseless.
Today is the best day to kill you.” Azalea smiled. “By the way, I applied some Tranqurin on my blade. You’re just like a little lamb waiting to be sacrificed now.”
“I’ve treated you well. Why would you betray me? Just when have I ever treated you badly?” The
Dark Lord trembled, blood dripping from the corners of his mouth.
“You’ve never treated me badly. In a way, you’ve been quite kind to me. However, you still have to die,” Azalea said plainly.
“Why why? Why!” The Dark Lord’s emotions surged as he grabbed Azalea’s hand, and his eyes turned red as he roared, “I’ve treated you like my daughter since you were young. The other disciples have yet to receive such an honor. Why would you do this?”
Azalea slapped his hand away, her expression growing colder by the second. “You want to know why? Fine, I’ll tell you. It’s because you killed my parents!” The Dark Lord froze at her words, his eyes betraying his shock.
“Why are you silent now?” Azalea scoffed. “15 years ago, on New Year’s Eve, you led a group of men
in the middle of the night, broke into my house, and slaughtered my entire family. My father was
killed at your hands, while my mother was violated to death. I watched as you, beasts, massacred
the people close to me! I could never forget, nor will I ever forget, those horrifying scenes!
“I endured 15 years of humiliation, all to find an opportunity to kill you! However, you were too
strong, and you got suspicious easily. I never felt confident enough to make a move. That was why I tried my best to please you in every way, lowering your guard slowly. Finally, I succeeded. It’s been 15 years! I’ve waited exactly 15 years for this opportunity!” By the end of it, Azalea was
seething.
Nobody knew how she endured those 15 years. She hid right beside her enemy, putting on a fake smile and acting thoughtful throughout the day. However, she had endless nightmares at night, never getting a peaceful night’s sleep. Every night, to prevent herself from sleeping talking, and revealing her identity, she sealed off her acupoints, rendering herself mute.
For 15 years, she was extremely cautious and walked on thin ice, for she knew that once her cover was blown, it would not only put an end to her plans for revenge but also put her in a situation.
worse than death. Fortunately, after 15 years of waiting, determination, and hard work, she finally had a chance at revenge.
“H-how did you find out? Who told you?” The Dark Lord’s lips trembled. It was true that he slaughtered the Larsons back then. However, when he stormed into the final room and saw the little girl asleep on the bed, his heart was stirred with compassion. The little girl reminded him of his late daughter. Since he hadn’t exposed his identity, he made a bold decision. He killed all of, taking her under his wing. He never expected mself would lead to such a calamity.
ssed every one of your killings with my own eyes!
###Chapter 693 by Marina Vittori
“No, impossible! You were only six years old back then, and you were fast asleep! The Dark Lord shook his hend furiously. Azalea responded, “I’d be dead now if I hadn’t pretended to be asleep ”
“You” The Dark Lord was at a loss for words He could not believe an experienced fighter like him had been played by a six-year-old
“Since you now know the truth, you can die now” Azalea flashed a smile again.
“Wait! You can’t kill me!” The Dark Lord panicked as he clamored, “Don’t forget that you still carry the curse that I planted in you If I die, you won’t survive either!”
He would plant a venomous curse on every new disciple The first reason was to control them better, while the second was to prevent betrayals The current situation was a perfect example.
“The curse? You mean this?” Azalea smiled playfully and took out a clear glass bottle. Inside was a red centipede.
“H-how did you get it out?” The Dark Lord’s expression shifted. The curse he planted was connected to him, no one was able to break it unless the elder of the mystic arts personally
intervened
“I knew today would come, so I asked a miracle doctor to break the curse in advance. What else do
you have to say?” Azalea reached out and squeezed, crushing the bottle with the centipede inside.
“Azalea, let me live, and I’ll teach you everything I know!” The Dark Lord panicked and pleaded. Due to the effects of Tranqurin, he wasn’t able to muster an ounce of internal energy and was
rendered useless.
“There’s no need. Once I find the Grand Sorceress and join the Mystic Arts Order, I’ll naturally get
what I want.” Azalea was unfazed.
“Azalea! Even if you kill me, your parents won’t come back to life. Vengeance only breeds more vengeance. Put down your blade and seek redemption. As long as you spare me, your soul can be saved!” The Dark Lord preached, desperately trying to live. However, as soon as he finished his plea, Azalea raised her sword and swiftly severed his neck, showing no mercy.
“Ugh The Dark Lord’s voice choked. The bloody line on his neck spread rapidly, and in the next second, his head rolled off his shoulders and onto the ground with a thud. He had died with discontentment.
“Only when you die can my soul be saved.” Azalea kicked the Dark Lord’s headless corpse, sending it flying several feet away. Carrying his head, she walked out of the hall, coming to a stop in the courtyard. Looking up at the sky, the chilling snowflakes fell upon her face, carrying at sense of desolation and sorrow.
“Mom Dad… Can you see it? This bastard is dead I personally killed him. I did it. I fulfilled my promise. I avenged the both of you!” With a thud, Azalea dropped to the ground heavily. As she knelt, two lines of tears streamed slowly down her face. She had endured 15 years of humiliation. Today, she finally slayed the murderer. Vengeance was hers
###Chapter 694 by Marina Vittori
As night fell deeper, the snow fell heavier. Meanwhile, Hector and the others stood outside the Harmons’ meeting room, waiting in silence. They occasionally stole glances inside, where Michael and Dustin were engaged in a hushed conversation. Half an hour earlier, Michael had asked everyone to leave so he could speak to Dustin privately.
“Mr. Rhys, that’s the gist of what happened. I concealed my identity to hide from the enemy and protect Abigail from harm.” Michael poured his heart out, finally releasing all the feelings he had bottled up
“I never expected that Abigail’s mother would turn out to be the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order” Dustin was shocked.
The Mystic Arts Order was known as the most formidable dark faction in existence, composed of talented individuals and high-level experts. The position of Grand Sorceress was prestigious Dustin had always been curious about the protective seal inside Abigail. With her mother’s identity as the Grand Sorceress revealed, everything now made sense.
“Though the title of Grand Sorceress sounds grand, they don’t even have the basic right to freedom. I don’t wish for Abigail to follow in her mother’s footsteps.” Michael sighed.
“Mr. Robinson, I don’t understand. Why are you sharing your secrets with me?” Dustin was confused. The Mystic Arts Order’s Grand Sorceress was a prestigious position in which few had the privilege of knowing their identity.
“It used to be a secret, but it won’t stay a secret much longer.” Michael shook his head. “From the moment I attacked the Dark Lord, I had exposed my identity. The Mystic Arts Order will probably be making a move soon.” The disciples of the Mystic Arts Order were spread all over the world. The Dark Lord was one of them.
“So, what’s your plan?” Dustin asked.
“I’ve been on the run for so many years. It’s time to face reality and resolve things once and for all.” Michael frowned. “Abigail is the only one I have left. I have a favor to ask of you-I hope you can
take care of her for me.”
“Me?” Dustin was shocked. “But I’ve never been a father.”
“You don’t have to be her father, you can be her mentor instead. ” Michael smiled. “I know you’ve been guiding Abigail in martial arts. Since she inherited her mother’s genes, she has a strong foundation. I sincerely hope you will take her in as your disciple.”
“Mr. Robinson, you think too highly of me. You’re a martial arts grandmaster. How could I dare accept her as a disciple with you here?” Dustin scratched his head.
“Mr. Rhys, you are too humble. I’ve been part of the martial arts world for over a decade. I’m good at reading people, too. However, I can’t seem to read through you. If I’m not mistaken, you should have already attained the level of a grandmaster. Am I right?” Michael smiled profoundly.
“You have a good eye. It’s no wonder that you are one of the five ultimate grandmasters.” Dustin
1/2
didn’t deny it. Some things could be understood without being said aloud.
The younger generations are talented!” Michael’s expression was full of wonder. “A young grandmaster martial artist is hard to find in Dragonmarsh. It would be Abigail’s greatest honor to be your disciple.”
“You’re too kind, Mr. Robinson. Talents like Abigail are sought after by countless people.” Dustin smiled in response.
“Does that mean you’ve agreed?” Michael was surprised.
“As long as Abigail is okay with it, I naturally have no problems with it.” Dustin nodded. Abigail was talented, and they got along well. He would be happy to take her in as a disciple.
“Thank you, Mr. Rhys! I’m extremely grateful.” Michael stood up and shook Dustin’s hand.
“You’re welcome, Mr. Robinson. Perhaps I was fated to meet Abigail.” Dustin returned the gesture.
“Alright, I’ll send Abigail over to you officially as a disciple tomorrow.” Michael nodded in acknowledgment. After another short exchange, Michael left.
Dustin’s expression turned heavy as he watched the father-daughter duo depart. From their conversation earlier, he could tell from Michael’s tone that he was already passing on his final wishes.
“Dustin, what did Mr. Robinson tell you?” At that moment, the members of the Harmon family walked in.
###Chapter 695 by Marina Vittori
The Harmons were naturally curious since Dustin and Michael’s conversation went on for some time. “Nothing much. Mr. Robinson just requested that I take care of Abigail in the future,” Dustin replied. “That’s all? That can’t be.” Trent was suspicious.
“Yeah.” Dustin shrugged. He knew that Abigail’s identity as the Grand Sorceress shouldn’t be made known for her safety.
“Alright, let’s set aside other matters for now. Our priority is to capture the Dark Lord. As long as he is alive, the Harmons will be in danger.” Hector changed the subject.
“Jacob has gone after him with some of his men. I wonder how he’s doing.” Trent was slightly worried. Although the Dark Lord was severely injured, he was still a Grandmaster martial artist. It would be a challenge to capture him.
“Mr. Hector…” At that moment, the butler rushed into the meeting room, holding a square gift box.
“What’s wrong?” Hector looked over at him.
“Mr. Hector, someone outside just passed us a gift earlier, asking us to deliver it to Mr. Rhys,” the butler responded.
“For me?” Dustin was perplexed. “What is it?”
“I’m not sure. That person said it was a surprise.” The butler shook his head.
“A surprise? I’m curious now.” Dustin smiled as he slowly opened up the box. Everyone else in the room watched, and their expressions transformed instantly. Inside the box was the severed and bloody head of the Dark Lord!
Meanwhile, inside the Grant family mansion, Tyler sat alone in his study, engrossed in a game of chess. Suddenly, a fleeting shadow glided by the corner. Moments later, a woman with a mask resembling a water droplet emerged slowly from the shadows.
“What?” Tyler remained focused on the chessboard, never once looking up.
“Master, I just received news that the Dark Lord failed. He didn’t manage to get his hands on the treasure map,” the masked woman reported in a hushed voice.
“What?” Tyler’s brows furrowed. “That trash! I spent all those resources to help him attain the level of a grandmaster, but he ends up not being able to deal with the Harmons? He’s better off
dead!”
“Something unexpected happened today, master. Michael Robinson appeared and injured the
Dark Lord,” the masked woman said.
“Michael Robinson? What was he doing at the Harmons?” Tyler was confused.
The masked woman replied, “Based on my investigation, the Harmons helped out Michael once. I
1/2
guess today was the day he repaid the favor.”
I didn’t expect the Harmons to have hidden a trump card.” Tyler was deep in thought.
Master, should we kidnap Natasha and threaten Hector to reveal the treasure map?” The masked woman suddenly asked.
“That’s a bad idea.” Tyler shook his head. “Once the existence of the treasure map is revealed, it will attract others’ attention. Not to mention, Natasha’s identity is somewhat special. Her maternal grandfather is no ordinary person. We can’t make a move on her for now. Hector is also stubborn and persistent, so it will be hard to snatch the treasure map from him: Since it’s difficult to deal with Hector, let’s change our approach.”
Tyler smiled as if he thought of something. “Traditionally, the treasure map has always been kept by the family patriarch. As long as we can sow discord among the Harmons and manipulate the succession of a new patriarch, our problem will be resolved naturally.”
“Master, you are a genius.” The masked woman caught on immediately.
“Go on. There is no room for failure this time.” Tyler waved his hand, gesturing for her to leave. “Yes, master!” The woman responded and vanished right away.
###Chapter 696 by Marina Vittori
Inside the chairman’s office at Nicholson Corp., Dahlia stood before the expansive floor-to-ceiling windows, gazing pensively at the falling snow. The city shimmered with vibrant lights, yet she Was there alone
Her mother had returned home yesterday while she remained in Millsburg to settle pressing work commitments. On one hand, she truly had matters to attend to, but on the other, she was hiding. She didn’t know how to explain James’ death to the family. Until the real culprit was caught, Dustin remained the prime suspect.
While she was lost in her thoughts, her phone suddenly rang. She was surprised to see that it was a call from Regulus Nicholson, the Nicholson family patriarch.
“Hello, Grandpa Regulus. How can I help you?” Dahlia was quick to greet him.
“Dahlia, I heard from your grandpa that you won’t be spending New Year’s at home and will be working overtime at the office instead?” Regulus asked in concern.
“I have pressing matters to attend to at work. It’s more convenient for me to stay here.” Dahlia
smiled
“Dahlia, it’s good that you’re devoted to your work. But you need to balance work and rest as well. Don’t overwork yourself.”
“Thank you for your concern, Grandpa Regulus. I’ll take care of myself.”
“Right, I called you tonight as there is something important I wish to discuss with you.”
“Please go on.”
“As I’m getting old, I’m no longer able to take on as many responsibilities. That is why I have decided to step down from my position and appoint you as the new head of the family,” Regulus declared, dropping a bombshell.
“What? You want me to become the matriarch?” Dahlia was shocked and refused immediately. ” Grandpa Regulus, that won’t do! I’m too young. How can I possibly be worthy of taking your place?
“I’ve witnessed your talents and capabilities firsthand. You are entirely capable of taking on the position and leading the entire Nicholson family,” Regulus said in a serious tone.
“Grandpa Regulus, I’ve only recently returned to the family. I won’t be convincing as the successor. Besides, there are plenty of talented individuals in our family who would be more suitable for the role.” Dahlia was in a dilemma. Managing Nicholson Corp. alone was already giving her a headache. Since her current standing within the family was still low, leading an entire aristocratic family would be an immense challenge.
“Our family indeed has talented people, but they are not ready to lead the family. You, on the other hand, are different. You built up your own family with your own hands and have long been ready to take on this responsibility. You’re the best among the young members of the Nicholson family. No one else is more suited for the role.”
“Grandpa Regulus, you’ve overestimated me. Firstly, I don’t possess the family’s wealth. Second, I
1/2
lack connections, and third, I don’t have the resources. I’m simply not qualified.” Dahlia was. feeling helpless. Even though she was ambitious and had considered fighting for the position, it was too early with her current standing.
“I can provide you with the wealth, connections, and resources you need. As long as you agree, I will personally support your succession,” Regulus declared boldly.
“I…” Dahlia was at a loss for words. Regulus was not merely valuing her but showering her with affection by sweeping away all obstacles for her.
“Grandpa Regulus, I don’t understand. Why did you choose me?” Dahlia inquired cautiously. With Regulus’ abilities, wouldn’t it be better to groom his grandson to be his successor? Why did he choose an outsider like her?
“Because you are the most suitable candidate and have the greatest potential to bring our family to greater heights!” Regulus sounded resolute. If he were honest, he made the decision not solely based on Dahlia’s exceptional talent but mainly because she had the support of a nobleman. 1
“But-” Dahlia was about to continue when Regulus interrupted her.
“Dahlia, stop refusing. Some things are meant to be fought for. I trust in your abilities. If you won’t be the matriarch, nobody else can!”
Since Regulus put it that way, Dahlia had no other reason to refuse. She could only nod, saying, ” Thank you for having confidence in me. I will try my best. Please guide me when I fall short.”
###Chapter 697 by Marina Vittori
Regulus chuckled heartily. “All right, as long as you agree! I’ll arrange a family meeting tomorrow morning and officially announce you as the new head of the Nicholson family!”
The surprising news came without warning, leaving Dahlia in a daze even after Regulus had hung up. She hadn’t achieved much, yet she was suddenly the Nicholson matriarch, dramatically elevating her status.
It felt unbelievable. Although Dahlia believed she had the talent, she lacked the confidence to lead such a prominent family at this time. However, she also realized that this was an opportunity for her to rise, and she shouldn’t let it slip away. She had to give it a try, regardless of whether she was prepared.
The next morning, the heavy snowfall had stopped, and it was finally the New Year. Dustin had just returned to the Flame Dragon Gang when he saw Nelson approaching him happily. “Sir Rhys! I have good news!”
“What? Did your wife give birth?” Dustin asked curiously.
“It’s better news than that.”
“She gave birth to twins?”
“Sir Rhys, can you have a better imagination?”
“A better imagination? Oh… I get it now. The children are not yours?”
Nelson was speechless, and the corners of his mouth twitched. Dustin’s responses were getting
more absurd.
“Sir Rhys, I’ll just tell you. We found James’ killer.” Nelson was not going to let Dustin continue guessing. Dustin might just say his wife ran off with another man next.
“The killer? Where are they?” Dustin’s gaze grew cold, and he turned serious.
“We beat him up half to death. He’s unconscious now, but he already ratted out the mastermind,” Nelson responded.
“Who was it?” Dustin asked.
“Nicholson Corp.’s Vice Chairman-Hank Hoffman!” Nelson’s expression was serious.
Dustin was surprised. “Hank Hoffman? Are you sure?”
Nelson explained, “Based on the statement, Hank intended to remove Ms. Nicholson forcefully from her position, but he couldn’t do so with you backing her. So, he decided to sow discord between the two of you. It would be easier for him to accomplish his goal if you weren’t on good
terms with Ms. Nicholson.”
“I can’t believe he resorted to such underhanded methods to gain a small advantage. This bastard deserves to die!” A murderous gaze flickered in Dustin’s eyes. He had previously rejected Hank’s attempts to bribe him. He didn’t expect Hank to retaliate by setting him up. If he hadn’t investigated the situation thoroughly, he would have fallen into Hank’s trap.
1/2
“Sir Rhys, what Hank did was unforgivable. I’ve already obtained his address and will send someone to capture him immediately!” Nelson said furiously.
“There’s no need. I’ll handle it personally this time. Show me the way,” Dustin said with a hardened expression.
“Right away!” Without hesitating, Nelson quickly went to get the car. The gravity of the situation was evident since Dustin had decided to get involved personally. Hank wouldn’t be able to escape this time!
###Chapter 698 by Marina Vittori
In a luxurious private room at Ibiza Club, Hank was enthusiastically entertaining a bald man in glasses. A few alluring hostesses were by their sides, providing attentive service.
“Mr. Niles, thank you for traveling all the way here. This is our show of sincerity. We hope you like it.” Hank took out a check and placed it on the table, sliding it forward. The bald Niles only glanced at it before ignoring it, and he continued to drink with the beautiful women beside him.
“Oh, look at me. I almost forgot to pass you a welcoming gift as well.” Hank caught on immediately and took out another gift box, passing it to him with both hands. Niles opened the box and saw a gold bar that weighed a few kilograms. It was worth around one to two million dollars.
Niles chuckled gleefully. “Hank, that’s so generous of you. There’s no need for such extravagant gifts between us,” he said as he put them away nonchalantly.
“Considering you traveled from Stonia, these are nothing.” While Hank smiled politely, he inwardly mused that this cunning individual seemed to be growing greedier. However, since he
needed Niles’ assistance, he could only remain silent.
“Mr. Niles, I’m wondering if you brought anything with you on your trip this time?” Hank asked tentatively.
“Don’t worry, I didn’t forget. This isn’t the first time anyway,” Niles said as he took out a small, purple vial from his pocket and passed it to Hank.
Hank’s eyes lit up as he reached out to receive the vial. However, Niles retracted his hand with a
warning. “Mr. Hoffman, I’m just reminding you that this is an extremely valuable item. There is
only one such vial made every year, and your grandmother relies on this precious herb to live. You
better not lose it.”
“Never. This treasure is more valuable than my life. I assure you, I won’t lose it!” Hank nodded
incessantly.
“Very well, I’m entrusting it to you now. You’re responsible for anything that happens after,” Niles said, placing the purple vial in Hank’s hands.
“Thank you, Mr. Niles!” Hank was delighted. He took out a safe he had brought with him, carefully placing the vial in it. This item was worth a fortune and couldn’t be bought with money. It was also a precious item that Alma relied on to survive. Naturally, he had to take extreme care of it.
“Hank Hoffman!” Suddenly, the private room was violently kicked in, and a group of fighters with. menacing expressions barged their way in furiously. Each of them had a knife in hand.
“Who are you? How dare you make a scene in my area?” Hank’s expression darkened.
“You seem to be having fun, Mr. Hoffman. How is it that you have the time to be drinking here?” The men stepped aside to make way for Dustin and Nelson, who slowly walked inside.
“It’s you!” Hank’s brows furrowed. “Mr. Rhys, what is the meaning of this? There are no grievances between us, why have you brought your men here?”
“You son of a bitch! You’re still pretending, I see. What do you mean by ‘no grievances’ when you set up our leader?” Nelson bellowed.
1/2
Aldon’t understand what you mean.” Hank acted clueless.
You ordered James to be killed, didn’t you?” Dustin asked out of the blue.
James? Hank shook his head. “I’m sorry, I don’t know who that is. There must have been a misunderstanding.”
“A misunderstanding?” With a frosty smile, Nelson gestured. “Bring him in!” On his orders, a man covered in injuries was forcefully brought in. Hank’s expression shifted at the sight of the man. He finally realized something was up. These people had come prepared.
“Hank Hoffman, do you know this man?” Dustin asked calmly.
“No, I don’t. Who is he?” Hank remained unyielding.
“You son of a bitch!” Nelson raised his hand, delivering a forceful slap that sent Hank sprawling to the ground. Nelson berated. “You’re still trying to argue at this point? This man confessed to everything, and you were the one who hired him!”
“Nonsense! I don’t know any murderers! Stop making false accusations!” Hank shouted in fury, I’m warning you. I have the matriarch of the Glenstead Nicholsons backing me!”
###Chapter 699 by Marina Vittori
“You dickhead! I don’t think you realize the gravity of the situation!” Nelson was furious and was about to smack Hank again when Dustin stopped him.
“You mean the Nicholsons were involved in this?” “Why, are you finally scared?” Hank sneered. “That’s more like it. You’ll be offending the Nicholsons if you offend me. Now, get out of here!”
“I’m giving you one last chance. Confess and surrender yourself to the authorities, and I’ll let you go” Dustin’s expression was cold.
“What a load of crap!” Hank glared at Dustin. “Don’t think I’m afraid of you just because you’re the
leader of the Flame Dragon Gang! Your small gang is nothing compared to the aristocratic
Nicholsons! They could exterminate you in seconds!”
“It seems like you won’t talk without a lesson. Slice his hand off!” Dustin cut through the
nonsense.
“Yes, sir!” Nelson smirked. He ordered two of their henchmen to pin Hank to the table.
“Wait! I’m warning you, don’t you dare touch me! The Nicholsons will not let you get away with it if you do!” Hank panicked and struggled desperately.
“Go on, don’t stop! Let’s see how long you can keep up this act!” Nelson raised his knife and
ruthlessly brought it down on Hank’s wrist.
“Ah-!” Blood splattered everywhere as Hank’s blood-curdling scream echoed throughout the room.
“Y-you!” Hank’s expression twisted in agony as he groaned. He couldn’t believe they had hurt
him. Weren’t they afraid of the Nicholsons’ wrath?
“Still not going to talk? Slice off his other hand,” Dustin ordered again.
“Yes, sir!” Without another word, Nelson raised his knife once more.
“Mr. Niles, save me!” Hank screamed in fear.
“Stop right there!” At that moment, Niles, who had been silent the entire time, finally stood up.
“Who are you? I’m warning you to mind your own business!” Nelson’s expression was hostile.
“Hmm?” Niles’ expression darkened. “Do you know who I am? How dare you talk to me like that?
You must not want to live!”
“I don’t fucking care who you are!” Nelson was getting impatient.
“The audacity! He’s a prominent figure from Stonia-The Killian family’s butler!” Hank cried out.
“The Killians?” Nelson could feel his eyes twitch, and his earlier arrogance disappeared instantly.
The Killians were one of Stonia’s prestigious aristocratic families. As a family with a history spanning over a hundred years, they wielded immense power. Even the Tremendous Three of Millsburg were inferior to the Killians. After all, $tonia was the capital city. Any random, minor aristocratic family from Stonia was already leagues above any family in Millsburg, let alone an influential one like the Killians.
1/2
I don’t understand what you mean.” Hank acted clueless.
“You ordered James to be killed, didn’t you?” Dustin asked out of the blue.
“James?” Hank shook his head. “I’m sorry, I don’t know who that is. There must have been a
misunderstanding.”
“A misunderstanding?” With a frosty smile, Nelson gestured. “Bring him in!” On his orders, a man covered in injuries was forcefully brought in Hank’s expression shifted at the sight of the man. He finally realized something was up. These people had come prepared.
“Hank Hoffman, do you know this man?” Dustin asked calmly.
“No, I don’t. Who is he?” Hank remained unyielding.
“You son of a bitch!” Nelson raised his hand, delivering a forceful slap that sent Hank sprawling to the ground. Nelson berated. “You’re still trying to argue at this point? This man confessed to everything, and you were the one who hired him!”
“Nonsense! I don’t know any murderers! Stop making false accusations!” Hank shouted in fury,” I’m warning you. I have the matriarch of the Glenstead Nicholsons backing me!”
2/2
Chapter 699
“You dickhead! I don’t think you realize the gravity of the situation!” Nelson was furious and was about to smack Hank again when Dustin stopped him.
“You mean the Nicholsons were involved in this?”
“Why, are you finally scared?” Hank sneered. “That’s more like it. You’ll be offending the Nicholsons if you offend me. Now, get out of here!”
“I’m giving you one last chance. Confess and surrender yourself to the authorities, and I’ll let you go.” Dustin’s expression was cold.
“What a load of crap!” Hank glared at Dustin. “Don’t think I’m afraid of you just because you’re the leader of the Flame Dragon Gang! Your small gang is nothing compared to the aristocratic Nicholsons! They could exterminate you in seconds”
“It seems like you won’t talk without a lesson. Slice his hand off!” Dustin cut through the
nonsense.
“Yes, sir!” Nelson smirked. He ordered two of their henchmen to pin Hank to the table.
“Wait! I’m warning you, don’t you dare touch me! The Nicholsons will not let you get away with it if you do!” Hank panicked and struggled desperately.
“Go on, don’t stop! Let’s see how long you can keep up this act!” Nelson raised his knife and ruthlessly brought it down on Hank’s wrist.
“Ah-!” Blood splattered everywhere as Hank’s blood-curdling scream echoed throughout the room.
“Y-you!” Hank’s expression twisted in agony as he groaned. He couldn’t believe they had hurt
him. Weren’t they afraid of the Nicholsons’ wrath?
“Still not going to talk? Slice off his other hand,” Dustin ordered again.
“Yes, sir!” Without another word, Nelson raised his knife once more.
“Mr. Niles, save me!” Hank screamed in fear.
“Stop right there!” At that moment, Niles, who had been silent the entire time, finally stood up.
“Who are you? I’m warning you to mind your own business!” Nelson’s expression was hostile.
“Hmm?” Niles’ expression darkened. “Do you know who I am? How dare you talk to me like that?
You must not want to live!”
“I don’t fucking care who you are!” Nelson was getting impatient.
“The audacity! He’s a prominent figure from Stonia-The Killian family’s butler!” Hank cried out.
“The Killians?” Nelson could feel his eyes twitch, and his earlier arrogance disappeared instantly.
The Killians were one of Stonia’s prestigious aristocratic families. As a family with a history spanning over a hundred years, they wielded immense power. Even the Tremendous Three of Millsburg were inferior to the Killians. After all, Stonia was the capital city. Any random, minor aristocratic family from Stonia was already leagues above any family in Millsburg, let alone an influential one like the Killians.
1/2
“Hah! Why did you go silent? Where’s all that arrogance now? I dare you to try anything with the Killian family’s butler here!” Hank’s expression twisted into a hideous sneer. He knew that few would dare to provoke the Killians.
This is between us and Hank. It’s best if the Killians stay out of it,” Dustin responded calmly.
“Hey, kid, are you lecturing me?” Niles took his time lighting a cigar before taking two deep puffs. With an air of arrogance, he declared, “You seem oblivious to my status. Listen up; I’m not going to repeat myself. I am the Killian family’s butler. You ants will always remain beneath me, as I hold the power to play with your lives! I can have all of you killed with just one word! Now, I order you to immediately-”
Before Niles could finish his sentence, a thunderous noise similar to an explosion rang out. He had been sent flying, crashing heavily into a wall. His bones shattered as he spewed blood, and he was rendered unconscious on the spot.
###Chapter 700 by Marina Vittori
“My ears hurt.” Dustin’s expression turned frosty. Without hesitation, he sent Niles flying with a brutal kick.
“What?” Nelson and their men were dumbfounded at the sight. Hank couldn’t believe his eyes either, and he momentarily forgot about his pain. Nobody expected Dustin to act so ruthlessly without uttering a single word
He had just kicked the Killian family’s butler and a prominent figure from Stonia! One simple word from him could end their entire lives. Most importantly, the butler represented the Killians. Humiliating their butler was akin to humiliating the family themselves. How could Dustin be so daring and seemingly unconcerned about his own life?
“Y-you… You dared harm Mr. Niles? Do you know what you just did?” Hank was scared and furious as he cried out.
“He’s just the Killians’ servant. What’s the big deal?” Dustin turned his attention back to Hank and warned coldly, “You, on the other hand, will be in big trouble if you don’t start talking.
After meeting Dustin’s icy stare, Hank felt a chill run down his spine. He was genuinely terrified at that moment To him, Dustin seemed like a madman for daring to harm Niles.
“Silent still? Cut off all his limbs,” Dustin ordered once again
“Yes, sir!” Nelson grinned as he raised his blade once more.
“Wait! I’ll talk…” Hank was terrified and surrendered immediately.
However, despite that, the steel knife still came down with a whoosh, slicing Hank’s hand off Hank’s mind went blank as he met Nelson’s twisted smile.
“You damned-!” Hank’s words were cut off by the intensity of the pain, and he lost consciousness. “Lightly bandage up his wound. We’re heading to Nicholson Corp., Dustin ordered.
“Yes, sir.” Two henchmen dragged Hank out after wrapping his arm up
“Sir Rhys, take a look at this. Suddenly, Nelson’s sharp gaze noticed the safe on the table. After they opened it up, they saw a delicate purple vial inside.
Dustin picked it up and brought it to his nose. After a sniff, his expression betrayed his surprise. “I didn’t expect it to be Zirtanium. Interesting.”
“Zirtanium? What is that?” Nelson was curious.
“It’s a slow-acting poison, but taking it induces a comfortable and energized feeling. They won’t even feel any more pain. It’s effective in treating specific illnesses. As it is extremely rare, it is worth a fortune,” Dustin explained.
“Is it really that amazing?” Nelson’s eyes lit up.
“Indeed it is, but it is still poison after all. One will get addicted easily, and it has been banned in the martial world, Dustin responded.
“What would Hank need it for?” Nelson scratched his head.
“Who knows? Let’s just hold onto it for now It’s worth a lot anyway Dustin replied nonchalantly and kept the vial in his pocket. He knew it could act as a lifeline for certain people
In the chairman’s office at Nicholson Corp
###Chapter 701 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia was going over some documents while drinking coffee. Suddenly, her office door was pushed open. Florence and Julie rushed in energetically, their expressions filled with happiness.
“Mom? Didn’t you go back to Swinton already? Why are you back so soon?” Dahlia was confused. “Dahlia, tell me truthfully, have you been chosen as the next matriarch?” Florence asked with a sense of urgency.
“How did you find out?” Dahlia was surprised.
“Hahaha… It is real!” Florence was extremely excited. “Last night, your grandfather told me you were going to be the matriarch of the Nicholsons. I didn’t believe him at first, but I can’t believe you’ve come this far! This is amazing news!”
“Congratulations on your achievement, Dahlia! From now on, you are the queen of the aristocrats!” Julie flattered. While she was jealous and unyielding toward Dahlia in the past, it has now been replaced with flattery.
The Glenstead Nicholsons were the most wealthy and influential aristocratic family, and Dahlia’s sudden rise to wealth and power was something most could only dream of.
“I don’t think you should call me that. I’m still learning. It’ll take a long time for me to truly be able to lead the Nicholsons.” Dahlia had a clear head. Although the Nicholson matriarch title sounded good, she considered it merely a facade. She still required Regulus‘ guidance and support to succeed.
“No need to be humble, Dahlia. The patriarch already chose you as his successor, and that is enough proof of your skills. Sooner or later, the Nicholson family will be yours!” Florence looked proud, taking pride in her role in raising an exceptional daughter.
“That’s right! Next time, we will be able to enjoy these fortunes with you!” Julie said with a grin. Since Dahlia had become the matriarch of a wealthy family, their entire family would also bask in the glory.
“Dahlia, it has only been a few days since we last met, yet you’ve become the matriarch. Congratulations.” At that moment, Dustin walked into the office, and the smiles on everyone’s faces disappeared instantly.
“Rhys! Why are you here?” Florence’s expression darkened, and her gaze was hostile.
“Hmph! Did you find out Dahlia is now of a different status and came here on purpose to suck up to her?” Julie looked at him in disdain. Only a vile person would come and curry favor right after they heard the news!
“I said I would catch James‘ murderer in five days. I’m here to fulfill my promise.” Dustin gestured as he spoke. Soon, Nelson and a few more people dragged a bloody Hank into the
office.
“He’s the murderer!” Dustin grabbed Hank by his hair and lifted his head.
“Mr. Hoffman?” Dahlia frowned when she saw him.
“Hmph! Enough with the tricks! Do you think you’ll be able to clear yourself of guilt just by capturing a random person? Dream on!” Florence’s expression was filled with hatred.
“That’s right! Who knows if you’ve found a scapegoat? Julie chimed in.
“Hank, why don’t you tell them what happened?” Dustin shot him a cold glance.
“Hoffman! If you tell the truth, the worst you’ll face is around ten years in jail. If you lie, don’t blame me for being merciless!” Nelson glared at him fiercely.
“I’ll talk, I’ll talk…” Hank eyed his surroundings and freed himself when nobody noticed. He threw himself at Dahlia’s feet and cried out. “Ms. Nicholson, save me! I beg you. Please save me!
“It’s Dustin! Dustin is framing me! He asked me to take the blame. When I refused, he beat me up and tortured me! Look at my hands. He cut them off! I didn’t do anything, Ms. Nicholson! I know nothing about what happened! Dustin did it; he killed your brother. He is the real murderer!”
Dahlia and the others‘ expressions darkened as he spoke.
###Chapter 702 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Dustin’s expression darkened as Hank twisted the truth, and a murderous gaze flickered through his eyes. Hank deserved death for biting them back at this stage.
“You fucking slanderous dickhead, I’m going to kill you!” After a moment of disbelief, Nelson’s anger erupted, and he brandished his knife, ready to attack.
“Ms. Nicholson, save me!” Hank panicked and hid behind Dahlia.
“Hold on!” Dahlia took two steps forward to stop Nelson. “Until everything is clear, you’re not going to touch him!”
“Ms. Nicholson, this scumbag is full of lies. I need to teach him a lesson!” Nelson’s expression was murderous. On their way here, Hank had promised to confess everything and surrender himself However, in the end, he went back on his word and even bit back at them. It was abominable”
“Hmph! You’re just trying to silence the witness!” Julie suddenly cried out. “Are you furious that Hank refused to be your scapegoat and told the truth?”
“Rhys! You’re a bastard framing the innocent! You not only killed my son, but you’re also deceiving my daughter! You’re despicable!” Florence criticized Dustin.
“That’s right! You’re despicable!” Hank hid behind them and cried out. He knew very well that if he confessed to murdering James today, he would be a dead man himself. He’d rather gamble and use Dahlia’s sympathy to pressure Dustin into backing off.
“Nelson, stand down.” Dustin gestured backward.
“Yes, sir.” Nelson gritted his teeth and took a few steps backward. However, his murderous never left Hank.
gaze
“Hank Hoffman, do you think you’ll survive by playing tricks in front of me?” Dustin was calm
“There you go! Did you hear him, Ms. Nicholson? He’s planning to silence the witness. Get someone to apprehend him immediately!” Hank screamed in panic.
Dahlia was solemn. “Dustin, you said Hank was the mastermind. Do you have any evidence? This was a crucial moment. If Dustin didn’t have evidence, he wouldn’t be able to clear his name
“That’s right! All you said were just empty words. Why should we trust you? Bring out the evidence if you have it!” Julie chimed in.
“Hmph! He is the murderer! What evidence would he have?” Florence spat out.
“You want evidence? Fine.” Dustin nodded and gave Nelson a look. Nelson caught on immediately and made a phone call. Moments later, the man from earlier who was covered in multiple injuries was brought to the office.
“This man right here was the man Hank hired He confessed to everything Ask him if you don’t believe me “Dustin pointed at the man
“Did you have something to do with James’ death? Dahlia sized him up, her expression heavy
“Y-yes, but Hank ordered me to do so! He paid me three million to kill James with a poisoned needle,” the man explained in fear. He’d rather go to jail than be tortured to death
“You’re spouting nonsense! I don’t know you!” Hank glared at the man as he bellowed
“Rhys’ Do you think a random actor you hired would be able to trick us? Do you take us as fools?” Florence scoffed loudly
“Oh, Dustin, you’re spending so much effort to frame Mr. Hoffman Don’t you think you’re vile for stooping so low?” Julie pushed
“Ms Nicholson, the both of them have teamed up to frame me You can’t believe them!” Hank started fanning the flames.
“I have evidence to prove that Hank is the mastermind” the man suddenly claimed.
“What evidence?” Dahlia questioned immediately.
“I thought ahead when Hank asked me to kill someone and recorded our entire conversation. Here
###Chapter 703 by Marina Vittori
The man took out his phone as he spoke and played a video for everyone present. In the video, Hank was seen sitting across from the man at a cafe. Their voices could be heard, and they were discussing their plan to kill James and frame Dustin. Hank even paid a deposit on the spot. The entire process was recorded clearly, leaving everyone dumbstruck after watching it.
Florence, who was hostile earlier, was in disbelief. The sarcastic Julie was also rendered speechless. They had been so sure that Dustin was the killer, yet he turned out to be innocent. For a moment, they couldn’t accept the truth.
As for Hank, he stood frozen in his spot, his face drained of color. He thought they would have nothing against him as long as he didn’t confess. He didn’t expect the cunning guy to secretly record their interaction as a precaution.
“See that!” Nelson was indignant. “All of you kept suspecting Sir Rhys and even hurled multiple insults at him. The truth is out now! What else do you have to say?”
“I …” Florence and Julie exchanged glances, looking embarrassed.
“Hank, you bastard!” After regaining her composure, Dahlia turned around and slapped Hank hard on the face. Hank stumbled from the hit, almost falling to the ground, and his face swelled quickly. “I’m going to kill you for taking my son from me!” Florence roared and lunged at Hank, kicking and punching him. She poured out all her pent-up anger. How could she hold it in when her son’s murderer was right in front of her?
Hank was overwhelmed by their attacks and covered his head, begging for mercy. After a while, when the three of them had had enough, Dustin said impassively, “Nelson, take him away. Find a place to bury him.”
“Yes, sir!” Nelson grinned and immediately gave the order to tie Hank up.
“N-no, don’t kill me! I’ll confess and surrender!” Hank panicked and started crying.
“You’ll confess and surrender now? You should have done that much earlier! Take him away!” Nelson didn’t bother with his nonsense and forcefully dragged Hank out the door.
“Hold it right there!” Suddenly, they heard someone yell. A white-haired elderly woman walked in angrily with a group of people.
“Madam Alma?” Dahlia was surprised. The white-haired elderly woman was no ordinary person. It was the Nicholson family’s matriarch and Regulus Nicholson’s first wife-Alma Hoffman. Her standing in the family was second only to Regulus. Her authority was unquestionable, and no one dared defy her commands.
“Aunt Alma, save me!” Hank was ecstatic at Alma’s appearance. He kept calling out to her for help, looking like he had seen his savior.
“Madam Alma, why are you here?” After Dahlia returned to her senses, she immediately went up to greet her. However, in the next second, Alma landed a resounding slap across Dahlia’s face, stunning everyone into silence.
###Chapter 704 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?” Dahlia clutched her burning face, feeling confused. She never provoked Alma. She wondered why Alma hit her as soon as they met.
“Hey, you crazy bitch! How dare you hurt my daughter? You need to be taught a lesson!” Florence lost her temper immediately after she witnessed her daughter slapped. She rolled up her sleeves, prepared for a fight.
“How dare you!” At that moment, a huge man stepped forward, and said with a fierce tone, “Be careful of how you speak to my grandma, or else I’ll shut your mouth up forever!”
Intimidated by the man’s imposing manner, Florence stopped in her tracks but continued with her insults. “What? You think I’m afraid of you because you have more men?”
“Security! Chase these people out of here!” Julie ordered
“Chase us out?” The man sneered coldly and said, The entire Nicholson Corp, belongs to our family. Who would dare chase us out?”
“Oh, you have quite the attitude. Who the hell are you? How dare you be so arrogant?” Julie
mocked
Tm Julian Nicholson, Regulus Nicholson’s eldest grandson!” The man puffed up his chest slightly with a proud look and continued, “As for my grandma, she’s the Nicholson family’s matriarch!”
“The Nicholson family’s matriarch?” Julie and Florence were shocked by his revelation. Their earlier arrogance vanished instantly and was replaced by fear.
Among the Glenstead Nicholsons, the matriarch was only second in power to the patriarch, Regulus Nicholson. She had the power to mobilize all the resources of the Nicholson family freely, and a single word from her could determine the fate of many lives. They couldn’t afford to offend these prominent and powerful figures.
“Hmph! What a bunch of ignorant country bumpkins!” Julian sneered with disdain.
Julie and Florence exchanged glances, remaining silent.
“Madam Alma, I don’t understand what I have done to make you angry.” Dahlia took a deep breath, trying her best to keep her composure.
“What? Do I need a reason to teach you a lesson?” Alma said coldly. Dahlia frowned at her words. They were simple, yet they carried an overwhelming sense of authority.
“Madam Alma, there is nothing wrong with teaching me a lesson, but can you at least tell me what I did wrong?” Dahlia’s expression never wavered.
“Hank is one of my men. Look at how you hurt him. Don’t you think you deserve a lesson for that?” Alma questioned.
“Madam Alma, there is a reason for everything. You should be asking what Hank has done.” Dahlia stood her ground.
“I don’t care what he did. He’s not someone you can touch” Alma’s tone was stern. “You should think twice before beating someone up. If you dare beat up my people, don’t blame me for what I
do next!” Dahlia furrowed her brows upon hearing her words. She didn’t expect Alma to be so
overbearing.
“Hey! Be reasonable. Hank is at fault. How can you blame us?” Julie couldn’t hold back her anger any longer.
“Reasonable? Hmph! Everything I said is the most reasonable!” Alma’s expression was frosty.
“You-!” Julie gritted her teeth. In the end, she had no choice but to remain silent since Alma had a few powerful bodyguards behind her.
“Madam Alma, Hank hatched a plan and had my brother killed. Are you going to protect someone like him?” Dahlia’s expression grew cold.
“That’s right! He must pay for killing my son!” Florence yelled.
“How would I know if you are telling the truth? Do you have any evidence?” Alma’s expression never faltered
“The evidence is here. Please have a look.” Dahlia received the phone and tapped on the video before handing it to Alma.
###Chapter 705 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia thought that would be enough to change Alma’s mind. However, in the end, instead of watching the video, Alma threw the phone on the ground. She stomped on the phone hard, shattering it completely.
“The evidence is gone now,” Alma said impassively. Dahlia and the others‘ expressions darkened instantly upon witnessing the scene. How could she openly destroy the evidence to cover up for the murderer? Where was justice in this?
“Madam Alma, what do you mean by this?” Dahlia frowned. “You saw everything. Is there a problem?” Alma asked with a scrutinizing expression.
“If you insist on doing this, then I’ll have to report it to Grandpa Regulus.” Dahlia’s expression was frosty.
“Do you think you are worthy of using the patriarch’s name to threaten me?” Alma scoffed.
“Why not? Sir Regulus himself has appointed my daughter as his successor, and she will rise as the new matriarch of the Nicholson family soon. When that time comes, all of you will have to show deference to her!” Florence’s voice gained volume as her confidence grew.
“Successor? New matriarch? Who said so?” Alma looked at them with condescension.
“Sir Regulus said so himself. If you don’t believe us, you can call and ask him yourself!” Florence declared and lifted her head proudly.
“Call him? I’m afraid that won’t be possible now.” Alma continued impassively, “Last night, Regulus suffered from a brain ailment. His condition is critical. He is now in a coma.”
“What? A coma?” The sudden news left everyone in shock.
“How could that be? Grandpa Regulus was perfectly fine last night. How did he suddenly fall ill?” Dahlia exclaimed in astonishment. When Regulus called last night, he sounded strong and
energetic, not like someone who was ill. How could he just suddenly fall ill overnight?
“With Regulus‘ age and the burden of his responsibilities, which led to exhaustion, he fell ill. As a result, I am now in charge of the family’s affairs. Any ions?” Alma’s icy gaze swept across
the room.
“I …” Florence and Julie exchanged glances, both at a loss for words. Dahlia, on the other hand, had
her brows locked in a frown, her expression gloomy. They were just celebrating her promotion not long ago, but now, everything had changed in a blink of an eye.
“Alright, since there are no ions, I will take Hank away with me.” Alma gestured, and the two bodyguards behind her helped Hank to his feet.
Hank chuckled gleefully. “You didn’t expect it to turn out this way, did you?” Hank taunted. sarcastically, “That’s right, I hired someone to kill James. But, so what? Without evidence and power, you can only watch as I go free. How sad!”
“You-!” Florence and the others were seething with anger, but none of them had the power to do anything.
“And you.” Hank turned his attention to Dustin and mocked, “Rhys, even when you tried so hard to have me captured and dragged here, you still had to let me go. How do you feel? Are you mad? You should be! It’s so much fun to see you guys stare at me in anger, unable to do a thing. Hahaha!” As Hank spoke, he suddenly howled in laughter, displaying an unruly attitude. He was the epitome of a dickhead taking advantage of his backing.
Right at that moment, Dustin suddenly moved forward and kicked Hank hard in the abdomen. A deafening blast reverberated through the room as Hank was sent flying, crashing through the glass windows. He plummeted from the 30th floor, meeting a gruesome end.
###Chapter 706 by Marina Vittori
Everyone was quiet as a dull thud was heard. None of them could react in time to what happened. It was all too sudden. One second, he was laughing uncontrollably. Then, the very next second, he fell to his death.
“How dare you? How dare you murder so openly?! Who gave you the audacity?” After a brief moment to collect herself, Alma roared furiously. Hank was not only someone who worked for her, but he was also her nephew! How could this bastard just kill Hank on a whim and blatantly disregard her?
“Madam Alma, please don’t go around accusing others! I did nothing! He was the one who leaped off of his own initiative,” Dustin said nonchalantly.
“There were so many of us watching you. How dare you deny it?” Alma pressed with evident displeasure. “Who saw it?” Dustin looked at Nelson and the rest. “Did any of you see it?”
“No, I saw nothing.” Nelson shook his head.
“Did you see it then, Dahlia?” Dustin turned to look at her. “Me neither.” Dahlia, too, shook her head. Hank killed her brother. He deserved it.
“There you go, nobody saw it.” Dustin shrugged and said with a smile, “Madam Alma, is your age catching up with you already? Maybe you need to get your eyes checked.”
“Playing the fool with me, aren’t you? I’m telling you, you lot are messing with the wrong person!” Alma growled with a dark expression.
“Madam Alma, you have to be careful of your words. Please provide evidence for everything, or else refrain from making unfounded claims,” Dustin said airily. “Oh, right, I’ve noticed that you’re pretty pale, you’ve barely got anything holding your skin to your bones, your gaze looks dull, you’re emotionally unstable, and your fingers tend to twitch every so often. I’m guessing that you don’t have long to live. I suggest you take care of your health.”
“You impudent bastard! How dare you curse my grandmother? Do you have a death wish?” Julian fumed, ready to throw hands.
Florence and the rest of them were also startled at how brazen Dustin was to offend the matriarch of the Nicholson family, but they didn’t show it.
“Don’t you dare try to provoke me, you brat! You’ll regret it.” Alma spat through gritted teeth, her gaze icy cold.
“Madam Alma, you best keep your temper at bay. Getting angry often may speed up your aging,” Dustin advised calmly.
“You pesky bastard! I see you’re the type to only cry and regret when it’s too late!” Alma could not hold it in any longer. She roared exasperatedly, “Men! Get him!”
“Yes, ma’am!” Her bodyguards immediately charged forward on her orders.
“Don’t you dare lay a finger on Mr. Rhys!” Nelson instantly pulled his sword out and began slicing
his way through them to protect Dustin. The men he brought with him today were all elites in their gang. Several bodyguards were no match for them at all. In just minutes, all the Nicholson bodyguards were on the ground, all battered up.
Alma’s expression darkened further at the sight. Julian, too, was beyond furious. He hadn’t brought any men with him, as he had rushed over in a hurry. Had he known this would happen, he would have brought the best guards the Nicholson family had along with him.
“Dahlia Nicholson! How dare you! Are you trying to go against the family?” Alma roared. Seeing that she couldn’t use force against them, she immediately turned on Dahlia and put the blame on her.
“Madam Alma, I was the one who beat them up. If there’s anything you’re not happy with, you should come at me instead,” Dustin reminded her nonchalantly.
“Hah! You lot are all in this together!” Alma yelled angrily. “Dahlia Nicholson! You let your guards go against your elders and harm your family. I am officially dismissing you from your position! From now on, you are no longer chairman of Nicholson Corp.!”
###Chapter 707 by Marina Vittori
“Dismissed?” Everyone was shocked by Alma’s announcement. “Do you have the authority to do that? My daughter was personally appointed by the patriarch of the Nicholson family! You have no right to dismiss her!” Florence was furious.
“Exactly! Ever since Dahlia assumed her position as chairman, she has brought in great revenue for the company! She managed to bring in over 500 million in profit within just a month! What right do you have to dismiss her from her position?” Julie was extremely pissed by Alma’s actions.
Before Dahlia became chairman of Nicholson Corp., it had always been in a state of loss. It was only through Dahlia’s hard work and determination to reform the company that it was brought back to life. Now that it was finally starting to pick up, Alma was going to dismiss her as she wished. How ungrateful!
“I am now standing in as head of the family, so what I say goes! None of you have the right to interfere with my decisions!” Alma bellowed.
“Y-you you’re too much!” Florence and Julie were beyond furious, but there was absolutely nothing they could do.
As for Dahlia, she only watched with a dark expression and said nothing. She might be the chairman, but a majority of the company’s shares were held by the Nicholsons. She had no grounds to to their decision.
“Madam Alma, are you sure you want to do this?” Dustin squinted his eyes at Alma
“What? Are you afraid now? It’s too late! My decision is final, and nobody is changing that!” Alma was arrogant, thinking she had the upper hand.
“Madam Alma, don’t say I didn’t warn you, but I’m the only one who can cure you. If you insist on being stubborn, I’m afraid your days are numbered,” Dustin said coolly
“Nonsense! Do you think I’d buy your treacherous lies?” Alma looked annoyed.
“It’s up to you whether you believe me or not. After all, it’s not my life that’s at stake.” Dustin seemed unbothered.
“Hmph! What a load of crap! I don’t want to waste my breath with the likes of you. Let’s go!” With that, Alma turned and left with her men in tow.
She had not been able to find fault with Dahlia in the past. But now that the opportunity presented itself, she would grab ahold of it and use it against Dahlia. She was going to be merciless.
“This is all your fault, Rhys! If you didn’t attack them, Dahlia would not have been dismissed!” The moment Alma left, Florence unleashed all her anger on Dustin.
“That’s right! Dahlia had a bright future ahead of her, even possibly becoming the next head of the Nicholson family! But because of you, now everything’s gone down the drain!” Julie complained.
“This isn’t Dustin’s fault. He did that for us.” Dahlia spoke up for Dustin because, though he acted impulsively, he did nothing wrong.
his way through them to protect Dustin. The men he brought with him today were all elites in their gang. Several bodyguards were no match for them at all. In just minutes, all the Nicholson bodyguards were on the ground, all battered up.
Alma’s expression darkened further at the sight. Julian, too, was beyond furious. He hadn’t brought any men with him, as he had rushed over in a hurry. Had he known this would happen, he would have brought the best guards the Nicholson family had along with him.
“Dahlia Nicholson! How dare you! Are you trying to go against the family?” Alma roared. Seeing that she couldn’t use force against them, she immediately turned on Dahlia and put the blame on her.
“Madam Alma, I was the one who beat them up. If there’s anything you’re not happy with, you should come at me instead,” Dustin reminded her nonchalantly.
“Hah! You lot are all in this together!” Alma yelled angrily. “Dahlia Nicholson! You let your guards go against your elders and harm your family. I am officially dismissing you from your position! From now on, you are no longer chairman of Nicholson Corp.!”
###Chapter 708 by Marina Vittori
As Alma left Nicholson Corp., she was in a terrible mood. A person of her status has never had anyone question her decisions. But today, she was publicly challenged and even lost one of her loyal aides. There was no doubt that she’d be in a foul mood. However, they are currently in Balerno. If she wanted to get revenge, she’d have to arrange for her trusted confidants to come over from Glenstead.
“Grandmother, Dahlia was personally appointed by Grandfather to be chairman of the company. Will it put you in a predicament when Grandfather comes around to find that you’ve dismissed her from her position without consulting him about it?” Julian asked hesitantly. Although Alma’s actions had pleased him greatly, he was certain that such overbearing actions would be frowned upon.
“What do I have to fear when we don’t even know if he’s ever going to come around?” Alma said nonchalantly.
“Isn’t Grandfather just suffering from some of his old ailments? He should be alright after resting up for a bit, shouldn’t he?” Julian was curious about what Alma meant by that.
“It isn’t an old ailment. I poisoned him. He most likely won’t ever be coming around anymore,” Alma said coldly.
“What?” Julian felt like he’d been struck by lightning as he stared at Alma in bewilderment. “Gr grandmother, you’re joking, are you?” Julian said in a trembling voice, his eyes grew wide as
saucers.
“Do I look like I’m joking to you?” Alma looked at him frostily, her gaze just as cold to match.
“B-but why? Why would you do that?” Julian seemed to lose his cool as a cold sweat broke out. It was a major crime to harm the family head. There were unthinkable consequences if anyone found out. Most importantly, his grandparents had been married for half a century! Though they did not publicly show their affection for one another, they had been through thick and thin for 50 years! Julian could not comprehend why his grandmother would want to poison his grandfather. Was there some sort of deep grudge between them?
“Your grandfather had not been in the right mind when he thought of appointing Dahlia as the next head of the clan. He had intended to announce his decision to the whole family today. I advised him against it, hoping he would change his mind. But the old geezer was so stubborn and insisted on doing so. I was left with no choice. I could not let him do that, so I poisoned him last night. He’ll spend the remainder of his life on the bed,” Alma said calmly, as though it were the most reasonable thing to do.
“B-but even so, y-you shouldn’t have harmed him.” Julian gulped dryly.
“Who do you think I’m doing this for? I’m doing this for you!” Alma huffed. “You’re my grandson and the first legitimately born grandson of the Nicholson family. No matter what, you are the rightful heir of the family. But look at what that old man did. Not only did he not put you in a position of importance, he even insists on appointing an illegitimately born brat as the next family head! I consider myself merciful for not taking his life!”
Julian fell silent at that, his thoughts were a mess. No matter how he saw it, he was indeed the
one who should have been the next head of the family. He genuinely refused to accept Dahlia as the next head.
“Alright now, stop overthinking things. When the time is right, I’ll support you so that you become the next head of the family. Whoever stands in your way must die!” Alma said decisively
“Thank you for your support, Grandmother!” Julian quickly came to terms with what Alma said Since his grandfather no longer seemed to be thinking straight, he might as well just stay in bed. In the future, he would be the one in control of the Nicholson family!
“Grandmother, I’m just curious about one thing. Since Dahlia is the threat, why didn’t you take action on her instead?” Julian suddenly quipped.
“Even if I kill Dahlia, there’s always going to be a second one. The Nicholson family has a lot of descendants, and they are all threats to you. To solve the issue once and for all, we have to address the problem at its root.”
###Chapter 709 by Marina Vittori
“I see. But why did you get Hank to murder James, then? Isn’t that unnecessary?” Julian wondered why his grandmother would waste such effort to have James dead. James was an unimportant side character, and it was a waste of resources to even deal with him.
“James? I don’t even know who that is. Why would I want to kill him? I suppose Hank decided to take things into his own hands and just get rid of him. Anyway, that’s not important. It doesn’t affect us in the least what happened to him.” Alma waved her hand dismissively.
As she spoke, she suddenly shuddered, and her breathing became erratic. A piercing pain hit her and spread out across her entire body.
“Are you alright, Grandmother?” Julian immediately noticed that Alma didn’t look good.
“It’s nothing new. Go and get me my medicine from the car. Hurry,” Alma instructed.
“Yes, Grandmother.” Julian dared not hesitate even for a moment and quickly ran over to the Rolls- Royce parked in front of them before he started rummaging around. In no time, he came back with a purple bottle. “Grandmother, your medicine.”
Alma quickly opened the bottle and poured out its contents, only to find it empty. “Where’s the medicine? Have I run out of them so soon?” She frowned as the pain in her body increased in intensity, and she began shivering uncontrollably. “Quick! Go, search Hank’s body! My medicine is with him! Hurry!” Alma reacted quickly.
She did a mental calculation and recalled that it was scheduled for today the Killians should have provided her with the medicine Previously, Hank had always been in charge of retrieving the medicine from them and then secretly sending it over to Glenstead and into her hands. Usually, the transaction should have already been completed by this time.
“Hang on, Grandmother.” Julian immediately left with two men and hurried over to where Hank had fallen to his death.
A short while later, he came running back, drenched in sweat. “Grandmother, I’ve searched him thoroughly. The medicine is not with Hank.”
“He doesn’t have it? Could it be possible that he hasn’t gotten it yet?” Alma frowned and hastily urged Julian, “Call the Killians’ butler right away. Have him send the medicine over!”
By then, Alma was already having difficulties standing up and had broken out in a sweat.
“Yes, Grandmother!” Julian fished out his phone and made a call. But nobody answered. He made multiple calls, but they were all left unanswered.
“Grandmother, I can’t seem to reach the Killians’ butler!” Julian was at his wit’s end.
“That useless piece of trash! He’s never there when you need him!” Alma gritted her teeth as the pain got unbearable. “Call Mr. Killian immediately. Ask him what all this is about!”
Without a moment to waste, Julian made another call. He managed to get hold of Mr. Killian and asked him a series of questions to clarify the situation. His face fell. “Grandmother, Mr. Killian said that the medicine had been passed to their butler, and the transaction was completed not too long ago.” Julian looked perplexed.
“If the transaction has been made, then where’s my medicine?” Alma was panicking.
“Mr. Killian said that someone showed up to disrupt the transaction. The medicine has likely been intercepted.
“Who? Who dares take my medicine?” Alma roared, furious.
“They do not know yet. But they are looking into it now.” Julian shook his head.
“Hurry! Go, find out who it is! I don’t give a damn how many men you dispatch or what price you have to pay. Get me my medicine!” Alma roared.
“Yes, ma’am!” All their men dispersed without a moment’s hesitation.
“Please calm down, Grandmother, I’ll help you to the car.” Julian helped his grandmother over to the car for a rest. But before they could get far, Alma’s legs gave out, and she fell weakly to the ground. Her body convulsed, and she foamed at the mouth as her condition worsened.
###Chapter 710 by Marina Vittori
“Grandmother!’ Julian was terribly shaken when he saw Alma collapse suddenly. Without a moment to spare, he quickly started the car and sent her to the hospital.
After the doctors tended to her, Alma was no longer in life-threatening danger. But her condition was far from good.
“Doctor, how’s my grandmother doing?” Julian immediately went up to the doctor the moment he stepped out of the ward.
“Mr. Nicholson, has your grandmother been frequently taking some special medication?” the doctor asked.
“Yes. She’s been feeling unwell, so she takes some supplements occasionally,” Julian admitted.
“I’m afraid those aren’t as simple as supplements.” The doctor shook his head. “The patient’s heavily reliant on the medication, and she has great amounts of toxins in her body. And with her old age, I’m afraid there isn’t much we can do for her.”
“How is this possible? This is the best hospital there is! Is there nothing you can do?” Julian frowned
The best solution now is to let the patient resume her medication to keep her body running for the time being. If we stop the medication so suddenly, I’m afraid she’ll have less than three days left to live.” The doctor sighed.
Julian was shocked by what the doctor had said. If his grandmother were to die, what was he going to do? He wasn’t the head of the family yet. Without his grandmother backing him up and his grandfather in a coma, things would be difficult for him in the future.
“Julian…” Right then, Alma, who was on the bed, slowly opened her eyes. Though the doctor had administered her painkillers, it was only a temporary relief that did not solve the problem at hand.
“Yes, Grandmother?” Julian swiftly went up to her and held her hand.
“My medicine… Have you found it yet?” Alma asked weakly.
“There’s no news of it yet.” Julian shook his head.
“How about Mr. Killian? Have him send another bottle of the medicine over. I’ll pay double the price,” Alma said.
“Mr. Killian said that the medicine is too rare and that there’s a limited production of it annually, so even if they manufactured it immediately, it’ll take at least a month for us to get it,” Julian said sombrely
“A month? I can’t wait that long! Think of something else!” Alma was getting anxious.
“I…” Julian was at a loss for words. He couldn’t get his hands on the medicine, and there was nothing the doctor could do. What was he supposed to do?
“Ma’am, we’ve got news!” One of the Nicholson guards barged in and reported. “Based on our investigations, it was a man by the name of Dustin Rhys who intercepted your medicine.”
“Who’s Dustin Rhys?” Alma frowned. She could not recall knowing such a person, even after
racking her brain.
“Ma’am, Dustin Rhys is the person who kicked Hank off the building!” the bodyguard replied.
“So it was him!” Alma’s expression darkened. “So you mean to say that Dahlia has my medicine now?”
“That bitch! She looks like a decent person. Who would have guessed that she’s so rotten within? How dare she mess with your medicine?” Julian hissed through clenched jaws. From how he saw it, this was Dahlia’s ploy. She had planned to threaten his grandmother by taking her medicine away. How ambitious and wicked!
“Julian, go find Dahlia right away! Make her give me back my medicine!” Alma spat.
“Yes, Grandmother!” Julian immediately left with several of their men upon receiving her orders. Over in the chairman’s office at Nicholson Corp.
###Chapter 711 by Marina Vittori
“Dahlia, are we really leaving?” Julie seemed reluctant to part with the huge and luxurious office. Due to her position as the chairman’s secretary, she got to enjoy lots of benefits. No matter where she went, people were ready to shower her with attention and flattery. As a result, she even slept with several young and attractive men. But now that Dahlia has been dismissed from her position as chairman, Julia was no longer her secretary.
“We’ve got no choice. They have the final say. Before the head of the family comes around, we have no choice but to obey their instructions for now.” After she cleared up the office, Dahlia sighed softly. It had not been easy for her to get to where she was. Of course, she wasn’t ready to give up yet. But Alma was now in charge, and Dahlia had no means of going up against her.
“This is all your fault! If you hadn’t crossed the matriarch of the Nicholson family, Dahlia would not have been dismissed from her position!” Julie turned to glare at Dustin, who was leisurely sipping on a cup of coffee. They were almost about to be kicked out of the company, and there he was, still eating and drinking like he had no care in the world! How heartless!
“Why are you so flustered? Didn’t I tell you that it wouldn’t be long before the old lady comes and apologize? She’ll even grovel at Dahlia’s feet to ask her to resume her position as chairman’ Dustin said confidently
“Hmph! She’ll do that? Do you think I’m naive even to believe you?” Julie rolled her eyes at him. Alma was the matriarch of the Nicholson family and had noble status. Dustin might be well-off financially, but he was no match for the prominent Nicholson family.
“Rhys! Don’t forget what you promised. If Alma doesn’t do as you predicted, you’ll have to return us the plot of land free of charge!” Florence suddenly quipped. Though her daughter had lost her position as chairman, it would make up for their loss if they could get their hands on that plot of
land
“Don’t worry. I never go back on my word,” Dustin assured.
“Alright, the car’s here. Let’s go.” With one final lingering glance around the office, Dahlia turned
and left.
Just as they made their way out of the building, a white Toyota Alphard pulled up in front of them. The car door opened, and Julian and several bodyguards came out. They stormed up to. them angrily.
“Dahlia, isn’t that Julian? Why is he back?” Julia wondered aloud.
“Are they back to give us trouble?” Florence cowered, an unknown panic creeping up on her.
“They’re not here to give us trouble; they’re here to beg us for a favor.” Dustin smirked.
“Hey! Are you delusional? Don’t you see the vicious look on their faces? What makes you think they’re here to beg for anything? You should thank your lucky stars if they don’t just come up to you and start chopping you up!” Julia huffed angrily.
“Dahlia Nicholson!” Julian roared the moment he got near. “Give me back my grandmother’s medicine right now!”
“Medicine? What medicine?” Dahlia was caught off guard and stared at him quizzically.
“Hah! You’re playing the fool now? You think we don’t know that you’ve sent someone to intercept my grandmother’s medicine?” Julian glared threateningly at Dahlia
“This has nothing to do with her. I was the one who did it.” Dustin took two steps forward and said with full confidence, “The medicine you’re referring to, I assume, is this? The Zirtanium?” He took out a purple bottle from his pocket.
“That’s right! Give it back!” Julian’s eyes lit up, and he immediately reached out, ready to snatch it out of Dustin’s hand. But Dustin easily dodged him
“What’s the meaning of this?” Julian asked with a dark expression.
“I can give you the medicine. But I have three conditions,” Dustin said calmly.
“You have no right to talk about conditions! Give me the medicine now, or I’ll see to it that today is the day you die!” Julian threatened.
Without another word, Dustin lifted his hand and delivered a hard slap across Julian’s face.”
Where are your manners? Can’t you speak properly?”
###Chapter 712 by Marina Vittori
Thrown off by the sudden slap, Julian held his burning cheek with his hand in disbelief. No one had ever dared to hit him all his life, so it took some time for the fact to settle in with him.
Florence and the rest of them exchanged looks between themselves and stared with bewilderment. Dustin was too bold to slap the eldest legitimate grandson of the Nicholson family! “You… How dare you slap me?” When Julian finally came to his senses, his expression was dark, and his gaze looked like he could murder them at any moment.
“Yes, I’ve slapped you. So what? You speak so arrogantly. Did you think you didn’t deserve that?” Dustin countered calmly.
“You impudent bastard! Get him!” Julian bellowed. “Yes, sir!” The bodyguards pulled out their weapons and charged toward Dustin.
But before they even managed to lay a finger on him, Dustin kicked each of them and sent them all sprawling to the ground. Just like that, the fight was over.
Julian’s face fell as he stumbled backward. They were the most well-trained bodyguards the Nicholson family had’ And Dustin managed to wipe them all out single-handedly? It was clear that he was a skilled martial artist.
“Now, can we speak like civilized adults?” Dustin asked.
“How dare you, Rhys? Do you know what you’ve done? You’re blatantly challenging the Nicholson family!” Julian roared as he glared at him.
“Cut the crap. If you wish to strike a deal, talk properly. If you do not wish to do so, I’ll just dispose of the medicine as I see fit.” Dustin had had enough of Julian’s big talk.
“You-” Julian gritted his teeth. But in the end, he swallowed his anger and asked, “What on earth do you want?”
“I told you, I have three conditions. If you agree to my conditions, I’ll give you the medicine,” Dustin stated calmly.
“What are your conditions?” Julian asked with annoyance.
“First, I want you to apologize to Dahlia sincerely, and I want you to mean every word. Dustin held up one finger.
“Apologize? Why should I?” Julian’s pride would not allow him to do so. He was the first legitimate grandson of the Nicholson family, the one who should have been the rightful heir. It was embarrassing for him to apologize to some illegitimately born brat of the family.
“Because I have this.” Dustin raised the purple bottle in his hand. “Now, will you do it?”
Julian faltered for a moment, but his eyes still burned with rage. But for his grandmother’s sake, he complied and went up to Dahlia with his head hung low. “I’m sorry. I apologize for my previous
actions.”
Dahlia, Julie, and Florence were all astonished by Julian’s actions. They had never imagined that Dustin would be able to deliver what he had said earlier on. He had indeed succeeded in getting
Julian to apologize without a fuss.
“Are you happy now?” Julian straightened up and asked frostily, “What’s the second condition?”
“It’s simple. Let Dahlia return to her original position.” Dustin raised a second finger.
“Okay. I can promise you that.” After a few seconds of contemplation, Julian nodded.
“This is great!” Julia cheered happily. “Dahlia, we don’t need to leave anymore! You’re still the chairman of the company!”
“This kid is pretty impressive! But there goes my plot of land worth two billion.” Florence shook her head disappointedly.
However, Dahlia wasn’t too surprised. Instead, she fell deep into thought.
###Chapter 713 by Marina Vittori
It would not change a thing if Dahlia was reinstated. If the Nicholsons weren’t happy with her performance, they could still dismiss her at any moment they wished.
“And the third condition?” Julian pressed. “My third condition is for you to transfer all the shares of Nicholson Corp. to Dahlia with absolutely no charges.” Dustin raised three fingers.
“What? All the shares? You might as well rob a bank or something!” Julian’s frown deepened. Nicholson Corp. was worth over 100 billion dollars, and the company had a promising future ahead. With the shares that they currently had, they would be worth at least 60 to 70 billion if they converted them into cash. Even for a family as wealthy as the Nicholsons, it was considered a huge amount.
“It’s quicker to extort you than to rob,” Dustin said reasonably. “Anyway, I’ve listed my conditions. It’s up to you whether you agree to them.”
“No way! That’s impossible!” Julian turned him down without much thought. Once he becomes the family head, these assets would all be his. How could he just give them away like that?
“Well, if you do not agree, then forget it.” Dustin gave a nonchalant shrug.
“Dustin Rhys! I have already fulfilled your ridiculous conditions! Not only have I apologized, but I even reinstated Dahlia to her position as chairman. You better not push your luck!” Julian did not look like he would bend to Dustin’s will anymore.
“Let’s be real. Zirtanium costs a bomb. Of course, if you want it, you have to pay a price.” Dustin. shook the bottle, and the pills rattled inside.
“Dustin Rhys! Don’t bite off more than you can chew! You can’t have the shares of Nicholson Corp. If you insist on having it, you’re just asking for trouble. And if it comes to that, don’t think that Dahlia will be reinstated to her position of chairman anymore!” Julian threatened.
Florence and Julie’s expressions immediately darkened when they heard that. All they wanted was for Dahlia to maintain her position as chairman. They dare not even dream about the company’s shares. They knew that if they were too greedy, they might end up with nothing at all,
and that would be terrible for them.
“Dustin, take what you can get and stop while you’re ahead. Pushing too hard will get you nowhere!” Florence went up and persuaded him.
“That’s right… We can’t afford to offend the Nicholsons. It’s good enough that we can benefit a little from this,” Julie echoed.
“I need to make the most of this opportunity. We won’t be getting another opportunity like this anymore.” Dustin shook his head stubbornly.
“What do you mean you need to make the most of this? Who do you think you are? Do you believe that you can get the better of the Nicholsons?” Florence was on edge. She considered themselves lucky enough that Dahlia was reinstated. It would be greedy of them to ask for more.
“Dustin, you have only two options. Give me the medicine, and Dahlia gets reinstated, or I’ll give
you hell, and you end up with nothing. The choice is yours to make.” Seeing Florence back down. gave Julian the confidence he needed to throw his weight around.
“I stand by what I said. If you’re unwilling to give up the shares, then we don’t have a deal,” Dustin insisted.
“Are you really so adamant about burning bridges?” Julian snarled.
“Don’t scare me. I’m easily frightened. Who knows? I might just tremble and drop this bottle of medicine into the sewers. We’d be in trouble then, wouldn’t we?” Dustin gave the bottle another
shake.
“You!” Julian was so furious. But he had said and done all that he could, and nothing seemed to
work!
“If you can’t call the shots, call your grandmother. Ask her if she agrees to my condition.” Dustin suggested to Julian
Julian took a deep breath and fished out his phone, giving his grandmother a call. It was true that he wasn’t in a position to call the shots on such a huge matter that concerned the entire family.
“Hello, Grandmother. The medicine is indeed with Dustin. But, he has a condition that I can’t agree with…” Julian started discussing the issue with Alma once she picked up the call. His expression was quite a sight to behold, it changed with every second that passed. No one could tell what Alma was saying on the other end of the line.
“Dustin! Are you out of your mind? If the matriarch of the Nicholson family loses her temper, not only will we not be getting anything out of this, but we’ll also be implicated and get into trouble because of you!” Julie grumbled.
“Rhys! If my daughter loses her position as chairman because of you again, you’re never going to hear the end of this!” Florence was agitated.
Wouldn’t things have turned out just fine if he’d just agreed to give them the medicine? Why did he have to insist on making them pay such a ridiculously high price for it? Things would get out of hand if they burned bridges!
Just as Florence and Julie were about to lose their cool, Julian ended the call with a frown on his face. “Grandmother has agreed to your condition
###Chapter 714 by Marina Vittori
“Madam Alma agreed?” Both Florence and Julie were dumbstruck when they heard that. All their grumbles and doubts transformed into pure shock. They hadn’t expected the Nicholsons to agree to the unreasonable request from Dustin. Those were shares worth billions! Could they bear to let it go like that? Wasn’t that too much of a price to pay?
At that moment, even Dahlia looked surprised. She could not comprehend why the Nicholsons were willing to pay such a ridiculous price for just a bottle of medicine.
“Since she’s agreed, then get your grandmother to make a trip here to sign the papers. We’ll make a fair transaction.” Dustin smiled. He wasn’t the least bit surprised by Alma’s choice. He knew very well what people heavily reliant on Zirtanium were like. They would never be able to resist the temptation. After all, the Nicholsons had trillions in assets! Sacrificing one company wouldn’t hurt them too much.
When Julian finally drove off, Dahlia could no longer hold back her curiosity. “Dustin, what was that medicine you had with you? How did you manage to make Madam Alma buy it at such a ridiculous price?”
“That was Zirtanium. It’s a type of chronic poison. But for Madam Alma, this is what she needs to stay alive.” Dustin explained,
“So that’s what it was.” Dahlia nodded in understanding. No wonder the Nicholsons yielded to his absurd request. So it turns out that Dustin held Alma’s lifeline in his hands.
She had initially been worried that the Nicholsons would go back on their word and dismiss her from her position as chairman after reinstating her. But now that Dustin had gotten the shares of the company from them, there was no way they could do that anymore.
“The older a person gets, the more they value their life. To Madam Alma, paying several tens of billions to live another year amounts to nothing.” Dustin smiled.
“This Zirtanium, where did you get it from?” Dahlia wondered
“I intercepted it from Hank Hoffman, of course.” Dustin wasn’t one to hide his actions.
“Hank Hoffman?” Astounded, Dahlia quickly understood what he meant. “So you mean to say that you used what had originally belonged to Madam Alma to threaten her?”
“You could say that.” Dustin nodded.
“Um…” Dahlia and the rest of them were all rendered speechless
It was one thing to be greedy but to threaten someone with what had originally been theirs without even having to give anything up for it was something else. Dustin was basically a con man! Despite being shocked, they had to admit that his ways were indeed effective.
What followed next was a smooth transaction between both parties. When Alma arrived, she signed the papers that approved the transfer of shares to Dahlia without any hesitation.
Once Dustin made sure that there was nothing wrong with the signed papers, he returned the Zirtanium to her.
Dahlia finally heaved a sigh of relief when she saw that the company’s shares were now hers
From that moment on, she would have full control over Nicholson Corp.
As for Florence and Julie, it would be an understatement to say that they were over the moon because they would also benefit from Dahlia’s ownership of the company.
“Grandmother, do we give them the shares?” Back in their car, Julian was very upset when he saw how pleased the group of them looked.
“Hmph! I’ll give it to them now. But we’ll just wait and see if they’re able to handle it!” Alma didn’t look any happier about the situation than Julian did. “Go back to Glenstead and get our men here immediately! I want them to give back everything that they’ve taken from us and more!”
“Yes, Grandmother!” A cruel smile broke out on Julian’s face. As expected from his grandmother. She wasn’t one to let anyone get the better of her! Dahlia and the rest of them were up for a tough
time ahead!
“Dustin, you’ve helped me out once again! Thank you.” It was rare to see such a radiant smile on Dahlia’s face.
“Why are you thanking him? He was the one who brought all this trouble on us! He was only doing what he needed to do to rectify the problem!” Florence huffed.
“Exactly!” Julie nodded. “Dahlia, never praise your men too much. It gets to their heads.”
“Hey, isn’t it time both of you upheld your end of the deal?” Dustin wasn’t pleased by what he heard.
“Deal? What deal?” They looked at each other quizzically. “Don’t go back on your word. We promised this. If you lose the bet, you’ll have to bark like a dog,” Dustin reminded.
“Who agreed to that? Why don’t I remember ever agreeing on something like that? Do you recall this, Aunt Florence?” Julie resorted to playing dumb.
“Of course not!” After a slight pause, Florence promptly shook her head. “Rhys! Don’t go around spreading lies! We never said anything like that!”
“You’re playing dumb, are you?”
###Chapter 715 by Marina Vittori
Dustin simply smiled and pulled out his phone before playing the voice recording of their conversation. Their agreement on the bet was loud and clear. After listening to the recording, both Florence and Julie blushed a crimson red. They hadn’t expected Dustin to record it.
“Dahlia, there are things to handle in the company, so I’ll be off now!” Julie quickly wormed her way out.
“Oh! Right! I’ll go help her out.” Florence nodded furiously. Then, the two of them escaped in a flash, without a moment to lose.
“That’s just how they are. Please don’t take it to heart.” Dahlia was exasperated too.
“Forget it. I’ll let it slip this time. But only for your sake.” Dustin appeared benevolent.
“Thank you. You’re the best!” Dahlia smiled. Then, as though having a sudden thought, she bit her lip and said shyly, “Dustin, I appreciate you always being by my side. Why don’t we get married again?”
“What?” Dustin was stupefied the moment he heard what she said. For a moment, he simply didn’t know how to react!
“To be honest, I’ve been giving it some serious thought for the past few days. I had acted too rashly in the past. I’d like to make up for my mistakes, and I hope that things can return to how they were before.” Dahlia had a serious look on her face. Because of how shy she felt, both her ears were flushed red, but still, she plucked up the courage to say the words that had been on her mind for quite some time. She just never found the right opportunity to say them. She knew that if she didn’t say them now, someday he’d be taken by someone else.
Dustin began to sweat profusely. Had it been in the past, he would have nodded straight away without a moment’s hesitation, but now, things were different. He realized that his feelings were more complicated now that Natasha was present.
On the one hand, it was his ex-wife, with whom he had three years’ worth of memories together, and he still had lingering affection. On the other hand, it was a gentle and caring friend who had romantic feelings for him. He really could not choose between the two.
He considered himself both courageous and witty and was always decisive in various situations. However, when it came to love, he had to admit that he was a mess. Sometimes he resented himself for his indecisiveness when it came to things like this.
“What, are you not willing? Or do you despise me?” Dahlia’s brows knitted together slightly when she saw Dustin staying silent.
“Of course not! It’s just…” Dustin broke off mid-sentence.
“So, it’s because you can’t bear to part with Natasha?” Dahlia had a wistful expression. “Then answer this: between Natasha and me, who do you like better?”
Dustin’s thoughts became even more of a mess when he heard that. Who did he like more? Honestly speaking, he didn’t know either!
Dustin was anxious as beads of sweat formed on his forehead. Then his phone began to ring. That
seemed to be a lifeline for Dustin, and he quickly fished his phone out to answer the call. “Hello? Who’s this?”
“Hey, Rhys! It’s me, Adam.” A familiar voice came from the other end of the line.
“Oh, hey buddy! Is anything the matter?” Dustin was pleased to receive the call from Adam. At least he proved himself useful in Dustin’s time of need.
“To be honest, I’ve got some good news for you.” Adam beamed and chuckled. “My sister has taken a leave from work, and she’s making her way to Millsburg as we speak.”
“Scarlet?” Dustin’s eyes widened. “What’s she coming here for?”
“To meet you, of course!” Adam feigned helplessness as he let out a sigh. “You have no idea how much she’s tortured me just to get out of me some information about you. I had no choice but to give in and tell her your whereabouts. Please don’t blame me for betraying you, brother. You have no idea what she is capable of. I really couldn’t take it any longer. I believe you have the means to handle her. Of course, you don’t need to worry too much. She doesn’t listen to anyone else but you. Everything will end up just fine if you can deal with her.”
“You fuc-”
“Oh right, I have some matters to attend to. I’ll hang up now. Good luck!”
Dustin was so frustrated that he was a hair’s breadth away from cursing, but before he could curse at him, Adam had already ended the call. Dustin could only clench his teeth to suppress his rising anger. That bastard really knew how to make things difficult for him. He was already having such a hard time handling both Dahlia and Natasha at the same time. If another person were to be added to the equation, a catfight might just break out!
###Chapter 716 by Marina Vittori
Somewhere on the outskirts of Millsburg, in a military base, several thousand soldiers stood neatly at attention. From generals to privates, everyone stood with their backs straight. They all stood in well-arranged rows, and it was a grand sight to behold. Other than the usual troops, prominent figures from both the military and political fields were there. They all stood there in anticipation, a little nervous.
“General Winslow, will the Scarlet Warrior really be here today?” Dylan, who stood near the front, whispered to General Winslow, who stood in front of him. He had suddenly received notice from the army that the Goddess of War, Scarlet Spanner, would be visiting Millsburg. As a high-ranking commander of the Dark Panther Cavalry and a direct subordinate of Scarlet Spanner, he rushed over immediately.
“Of course! Don’t you see that both of her trusted aides are here?” General Winslow gestured for Dylan to look in front of them.
Dylan looked over, and just as General Winslow said, there were two graceful and stunning female generals standing at attention right in the front row. They were both major generals of the Dark Panther Cavalry and considered third-ranking officials. They stood out in stark contrast to all the other high-ranking officials around them just because they were Scarlet Spanner’s trusted confidants. Because of that, they held a higher status than those around them, so much so that even the second-ranking officials had to show them a certain level of respect.
As though noticing something amiss, one of the major generals turned around and met Dylan’s gaze with her own cold and stern gaze.
Startled, Dylan lowered his head guiltily, not daring to meet her gaze. When facing such a person of authority, his arrogance disappeared, and there was only fear. It was true that he looked down on others. Regardless of their gender, the generals of the Dark Panther Cavalry were all elites, whom he was in no position to look down on
Just then, a whirring sound came from above. Everyone lifted their heads and looked up, only to see a military chopper quickly making its way toward them. The wind from the whirring blades
hit them all.
“She’s here!” Dylan’s expression turned serious as he straightened up, puffing his chest out.
When the chopper reached the military base, it hovered overhead for quite some time, not making
its descent.
“What’s the matter?” Just as everyone began to wonder, the helicopter’s door opened up, and a figure fully clad in red stuck its head through the door, looking around inquisitively. Then, amidst the troops’ stares of horror and bewilderment, the figure leaped out the door, jumping down from over 300 feet in the air.
With a loud thud, the red figure landed heavily on the ground, appearing like a deity that had descended from the sky. For a moment, the ground shook, sending billows of dust into the air.
What just played out shocked the crowd silly as they all gaped in amazement. How could someone survive jumping at such a height?
As the smoke and dust cleared, they noticed a huge crater, and right in the middle of it stood an elegant figure in red.
It was a lady dressed in a red tracksuit who had a long sword in one hand. She had her silver hair cropped short and had looks that were to die for. She could captivate someone with just a single glance. However, unlike the usual gentleness of women, there was a deep set of strength etched in her brows, exuding grace and grandeur. Her eyes, especially, were aloof and indifferent, seeming to see through everything. She seemed uninterested in everyone. Just one look from her was enough to make one feel inferior and ashamed of themselves.
###Chapter 717 by Marina Vittori
The lady was none other than Scarlet Spanner, one of the two well-known aces of the Spanner family and the best Goddess of War Dragonmarsh ever had.
“As expected of the one and only Goddess of War. It’s truly amazing how she made her appearance! “Dylan exclaimed inwardly, marveling at her.
She had just jumped from a height of over 300 feet and appeared to be perfectly fine. That was no feat that an ordinary human could accomplish! Though he was from the Dark Panther Cavalry, he had only ever seen her heroic moves from afar. To be able to see her pull such a dangerous stunt up front and near truly left him shell-shocked.
“Welcome, General!” Her two trusted aides bowed and greeted her first.
“Welcome, General!” The rest of the troops followed after them, bowed, and greeted her. Their voices reverberated throughout the entire military base.
Scarlet gave them a sweeping glance. It was nothing more than a simple act, but everyone felt an inexplicable pressure just from her gaze, making it difficult for them to even breathe. It wasn’t until Scarlet looked away that the pressure gradually disappeared.
She walked up to her two confidants and asked casually, “Do you have any information on the person I was looking for?”
The two major generals were named Georgia and Bridget, respectively.
“We’ve searched the entire Millsburg for someone with the same name, but none of them was the person you wanted. We suspect that the person isn’t here,” Georgia said with her head bowed.
“That’s impossible!” Scarlet said. “Adam would never have the guts to lie to me. He must be here but under a different name. Keep searching!”
“Yes, ma’am!” Georgia answered and quickly left with her men.
“I plan to stay here for an extended period. Get me a place to stay,” Scarlet ordered.
“I’ve already arranged for that, General! It’s at Fallonge estate,” Bridget reported.
“Lead the way!” Scarlet wasted no time on small talk.
“Yes, ma’am!” Bridget nodded and drove off with Scarlet, leaving the rest of the troops in their dust.
“Who exactly is the Goddess of War here for, General Winslow? She seems so anxious to find that person.” Dylan could no longer hold in his curiosity when he saw the car leave.
“How would I know?” General Winslow rolled his eyes. “Who dares meddle in her personal affairs?”
“You’ve got a point there.” Dylan chuckled awkwardly. Scarlet was an intimidating figure in the army, so nobody dared speak freely about her.
“I’m not sure who she’s after, but I’m certain that it’s a man,” General Winslow said thoughtfully.
“A man?” Dylan’s eyes widened. “No way! What kind of man can make the Goddess of War place such importance on him?”
Scarlet was such a skilled martial artist, second to none, and was an amazing woman who
trumped every woman in Dragonmarsh. If word were to get out that she had traveled such a distance to Millsburg just for a man, it would create a significant commotion among the public! At the thought of that, Dylan could not help but feel slightly jealous. Scarlet was a gorgeous fighter who was beyond everyone’s reach. To be able to get Scarlet’s attention was something worth boasting about. Dylan wondered who the lucky bastard who caught her eye was.
Over in the moving car, Scarlet carefully pulled out a well-kept photograph. In it were a teenage boy and girl, at the peak of their youth. The young girl leaned on the boy’s shoulder, a hint of a smile replacing her usual aloof expression. Looking at the pair of youths in the photo, a look of melancholy came over Scarlet, as though she was reminiscing about the past.
After gazing at the photograph for a moment, she pressed it to her chest and sighed. “Where are you, Logan? I’ve been searching for you for the past 10 years.”
###Chapter 718 by Marina Vittori
“Achoo!” Dustin, who had finally wormed his way out of his predicament with Dahlia, began sneezing the moment he got back to the Flame Dragon Dojo. He wondered if someone was bad- mouthing him behind his back.
“Sir!” Right then, someone called out to him. Dustin looked up to see Abigail standing up from her seat, waving excitedly at him. It looked like she had been waiting for quite a while.
“My apologies, I was caught up with something else earlier on, that’s why I’m late.” Dustin walked up to her with a smile on his face.
“That’s alright, I just got here too.” Abigail wasn’t bothered by it.
“Oh, right, where’s your father?” Dustin looked around but did not see Michael.
“Dad ran into some urgent matters he had to handle, so he can’t make it here. He told me to come here myself. Also, he wanted me to pass this letter to you.” Abigail pulled out a letter and handed it to Dustin.
Dustin opened the envelope and found two s in it. One was a neatly folded letter, and another was a gold pendant with an ‘R’ engraved on it. After going through the letter, Dustin was certain that Mr. Robinson would not be returning any time soon.
“What did Dad say in the letter, Sir?” Abigail’s curiosity got the better of her.
“Your dad said that he needs to go away for a long time. Probably as long as half a year. But if things get settled quickly, he might be able to come back after a month. He says that you should pay attention to your martial arts training and practice well.” After a slight pause, Dustin continued, “Also, if we were to run into any issues, we can go to Ronald Reeds with this pendant, and he’ll help us out. He’s got a deep friendship with your father.”
“Ronald Reeds? Who’s that? Is he really powerful?” Abigail scratched her head, wondering.
“Ronald Reeds is one of the five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno. Do you think he’s powerful?” Dustin smiled.
“One of the five ultimate grandmasters? Of course, he is!” Abigail’s eyes lit up.
“Consider this a good luck charm from your father. Keep it well. Make sure you don’t ever lose it.” Dustin handed the gold pendant to her. The value of a token from a grandmaster was priceless.
“But Sir, this pendant is a gift from my father to you; you should have it.” Abigail quickly decided
against taking it.
“I have no use for it. Since you’re going to be my student anyway. I’ll give it back to you. Now, you hold on to it.” With that, Dustin stuffed the gold pendant into Abigail’s pocket.
“Thank you, Sir!” Abigail smiled sweetly at him, and then, standing on tippy toes, she swiftly planted a peck on his cheek.
“Hey, kiddo! I’m your mentor now! Watch your manners!” Dustin tried to look stern.
“Got it!” Abigail stuck her tongue out at him, looking naughty and adorable.
“Mr. Rhys…” Just then, a smartly dressed middle-aged man who was slightly paunchy made his
trumped every woman in Dragonmarsh. If word were to get out that she had traveled such a distance to Millsburg just for a man, it would create a significant commotion among the public!
At the thought of that, Dylan could not help but feel slightly jealous. Scarlet was a gorgeous fighter who was beyond everyone’s reach. To be able to get Scarlet’s attention was something worth boasting about. Dylan wondered who the lucky bastard who caught her eye was.
Over in the moving car, Scarlet carefully pulled out a well-kept photograph. In it were a teenage boy and girl, at the peak of their youth. The young girl leaned on the boy’s shoulder, a hint of a smile replacing her usual aloof expression. Looking at the pair of youths in the photo, a look of melancholy came over Scarlet, as though she was reminiscing about the past.
After gazing at the photograph for a moment, she pressed it to her chest and sighed. “Where are you, Logan? I’ve been searching for you for the past 10 years.”
Chapter 718
“Achoo!” Dustin, who had finally wormed his way out of his predicament with Dahlia, began sneezing the moment he got back to the Flame Dragon Dojo. He wondered if someone was bad- mouthing him behind his back.
“Sir!” Right then, someone called out to him. Dustin looked up to see Abigail standing up from her seat, waving excitedly at him. It looked like she had been waiting for quite a while.
“My apologies, I was caught up with something else earlier on, that’s why I’m late.” Dustin walked up to her with a smile on his face.
“That’s alright, I just got here too.” Abigail wasn’t bothered by it.
“Oh, right, where’s your father?” Dustin looked around but did not see Michael.
“Dad ran into some urgent matters he had to handle, so he can’t make it here. He told me to come here myself. Also, he wanted me to pass this letter to you.” Abigail pulled out a letter and handed it to Dustin.
Dustin opened the envelope and found two s in it. One was a neatly folded letter, and another was a gold pendant with an ‘R’ engraved on it. After going through the letter, Dustin was certain that Mr. Robinson would not be returning any time soon.
“What did Dad say in the letter, Sir?” Abigail’s curiosity got the better of her.
“Your dad said that he needs to go away for a long time. Probably as long as half a year. But if things get settled quickly, he might be able to come back after a month. He says that you should pay attention to your martial arts training and practice well.” After a slight pause, Dustin continued, “Also, if we were to run into any issues, we can go to Ronald Reeds with this pendant, and he’ll help us out. He’s got a deep friendship with your father.”
“Ronald Reeds? Who’s that? Is he really powerful?” Abigail scratched her head, wondering.
“Ronald Reeds is one of the five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno. Do you think he’s powerful?” Dustin smiled.
“One of the five ultimate grandmasters? Of course, he is!” Abigail’s eyes lit up.
“Consider this a good luck charm from your father. Keep it well. Make sure you don’t ever lose it. Dustin handed the gold pendant to her. The value of a token from a grandmaster was priceless.
“But Sir, this pendant is a gift from my father to you, you should have it.” Abigail quickly decided against taking it.
“I have no use for it. Since you’re going to be my student anyway, I’ll give it back to you. Now, you hold on to it.” With that, Dustin stuffed the gold pendant into Abigail’s pocket.
“Thank you, Sir!” Abigail smiled sweetly at him, and then, standing on tippy toes, she swiftly planted a peck on his cheek.
“Hey, kiddo! I’m your mentor now! Watch your manners!” Dustin tried to look stern.
“Got it!” Abigail stuck her tongue out at him, looking naughty and adorable.
“Mr. Rhys…” Just then, a smartly dressed middle-aged man who was slightly paunchy made his
way in. It was Roderick Brooks, who was also known as Big Bucks Brooks.
“Mr. Brooks, what brings you here?” Dustin smiled at him. “Abigail, go pour Mr. Brooks a cup of tea,
he instructed.
“No need for that.” Roderick raised a hand to stop her as he said with a chuckle, “I’m here to bring you some good news today.”
“What’s the good news?” Dustin’s brows furrowed slightly with doubt. Adam had given him a call and said that he had good news for him too. That turned out to be anything but good.
“You wanted me to keep an eye on the Stoneray Order and to keep tabs on the whereabouts of the 900-year green lotus, didn’t you? We have the results now!” Roderick smiled.
“So? How is it? Were they successful?” Dustin asked with anticipation. As he had no use for the green lotus due to its age previously, he hadn’t bought it back then. But some time later, he heard that the Stoneray Order had purchased it, and Dr. Linden Watkins even had a special method to speed up the aging process. Hence, he got Roderick to get his men to keep an eye on it and verify
if the news was indeed true.
“To tell you the truth, Dr. Linden Watkins had already come out of his laboratory last night, and the 900-year green lotus that he had been working on has already been transformed into a thousand-year green lotus!” Roderick told him what he had learned.
“Great! That’s wonderful!”
###Chapter 719 by Marina Vittori
Dustin felt excited. He had been searching for the thousand-year green lotus. He only needed a Cherusia to produce the nine-fold Longevitum if he got it.
“It is wonderful, Mr. Rhys, but I’m afraid it wouldn’t be easy to get it.” Roderick’s comment lowered Dustin’s spirits.
“I’ll buy this precious herb no matter how much it costs!” Dustin had an unwavering determination to get his hands on it.
“It isn’t about money, Mr. Rhys. The Stoneray Order does not lack money.” Roderick shook his head.
“Well, what do they want if not money?” Dustin wondered.
“The Stoneray Order likes collecting rare and precious s. The rarer, the better. Whether you are seeking medical help or special herbs, they only want rare items as payment,” Roderick explained.
“Where would I be able to get rare s so suddenly?” Dustin frowned. Things would be much easier for them if they could pay them off. But it would be tricky if the Stoneray Order did not accept money.
“Mr. Rhys, I’ve prepared some rare s. But I’m not sure if Dr. Watkins will accept them.” Roderick had his doubts.
“We have to give it a try no matter what. Please come with me, Mr. Brook,” Dustin invited.
“My pleasure.” Roderick nodded.
The three of them then drove to Stoneray Valley.
Stoneray Valley, as the name suggested, was a huge valley tucked away in a mountain range.
Mountains surrounded it on three sides, and there was only one entrance. It had a strategic location where a large river separated it from the outside world. There was only one way to get into Stoneray Valley, which was by boat.
After a two-hour drive, Dustin, Abigail, and Roderick finally arrived near Stoneray Valley. However, when they made their way to the entrance, they were shocked by what they saw.
A little way off, the place was packed with people. The queue stretched a long way out, and they could not begin to imagine the number of people there.
“Mr. Brooks, is Stoneray Valley usually so crowded?” Dustin was shocked by the sight before him.
“There is usually quite a crowd here to seek medical help, but it was never so packed. It is quite weird.” Roderick didn’t understand why there were so many people there either.
“With the amount of people here, we’d have to wait until tomorrow before we can get in. “Abigail sighed. Had their two-hours journey been a wasted effort?
“Hey, excuse me, buddy.” Roderick approached a man in front of him and asked politely, “May I know what’s going on here today? Why is there such a huge crowd?”
“Don’t you know? Today is the day Dr. Watkins will take a new student. Whoever passes his
examination and gets first place will be accepted into Stoneray Order and granted a wish,” the man informed them.
“A wish?” Roderick turned to look at Dustin. “What do you think, Mr. Rhys?”
“Of course, we can’t miss out on such a great deal!” Dustin smiled. It’d be perfect if they could get the thousand-year green lotus without having to give anything in return.
“But Sir, look at the line! How long are we going to have to stand in line for?” Abigail crouched on the ground, resting her chin on her palms with a look of defeat.
“Who said anything about standing in line? Watch and learn.” Dustin walked up to the few people at the front of the line and whispered something in their ears. Once they reached a deal, he
returned and said, “Alright, that’s settled. They’ve agreed to swap places with us. Go on over.”
“Swap places?” Abigail was stunned. “They’re at the front of the line! Why would they agree to do
that?”
“Why not? I gave them one million each. They’re more than happy to swap places with us,” Dustin said casually.
“A million?” Abigail could not believe her ears.
“What? Is there a problem?” Dustin asked calmly.
“Well…” Abigail was stunned. There wasn’t much she could say at this point.
Was this the power of money? It was amazing!
###Chapter 720 by Marina Vittori
Dustin and the rest took a boat into Stoneray Valley after registering themselves. They passed by green mountains, clear blue waters, and lush trees. The scenery was beautiful. After traveling about ten miles, they reached their destination and got out of the boat.
There was a huge building that looked like a palace. It was majestic and breathtaking. They followed the crowd and went up a flight of stairs. Then they entered a lavishly decorated hall.
There were already many people gathered in the hall. Everyone hoped they would be chosen by Dr. Watkins and be accepted into the Stoneray Order.The Stoneray Order was famous and distinguished in Millsburg. Even the Fabulous Five and the Tremendous Three had to show them respect. To be accepted into the Stoneray Order was the same as making it big in life.
But Dr. Watkins was strict when choosing his students. And he would only accept ten students each year. It was almost a one-in-a-million chance to be his student.As Dustin admired the hall, a commotion broke out by the door.They turned around to see several young people walking in with their heads high. Leading the group were a beautiful woman dressed in white and a man dressed in black.
The others behind them looked like regular lackeys who tagged along to show off their powers.“Hey.. Isn’t that Miranda Killian from the Killian family? I didn’t expect to see her here.”“I heard that Miranda Killian is an unmatched medical genius. When she was 18, she was alreadyon the same level as reputable doctors in Stonia.”
“And it’s not just Miranda Killian! That man beside her is amazing too! He’s Preston Huffner, Dr. Bruce Darby’s best student. He’s so young, but his medical skills are out of this world!”
The crowd whispered among themselves when Miranda Killian and Preston Huffner appeared.One was a medical genius and the daughter of a well-known family. The other was a famous doctor’s best student with exceptional skills. No matter where they went, they were the center ofattention“Hmph! They are just a bunch of people with average skills.
How boring.” Preston looked aroundwith disdain.“Preston, I guess one of us will be the best student this year,” Miranda said with a smirk.“If you want it, I’ll let you have the position of best student. How’s that?” Preston seemed generous.
“I’ll thank you in advance, then, Preston.” Miranda hid her giggles behind her hand. She was interested in something other than the best student position.She was only competing for that position because of the thousand-year green lotus. She could have her wish granted if she passed the examination and became the best student. And she had her eyes on the thousand-year green lotus.
As Preston and the gang walked into the hall, they paused as their path was blocked.“Hey! Get out of the way! Even dogs know better than to block people’s way!” Preston glared at thegroup of three in annoyance.Everyone willingly made way for them except for these three.
The three stood there indifferently, not showing them any respect.“And dogs know better than to force their way through. So quit complaining and get lost.” Dustin countered.
“How dare you insult me?” Preston’s expression darkened. “Do you even know who I am? How bold of you to speak to me like that!”
###Chapter 721 by Marina Vittori
“Does it matter to me who you are?” Dustin shrugged. “You insolent bastard! I am the leader of Asclepia, Dr. Bruce Darby’s best student! Your disrespect toward me is a direct disrespect toward Asclepia! Just a word from me is enough to make you vanish from the medical field! Don’t test me!” Preston threatened.
The people who showed up were people involved in the medical field. Asclepia’s power stretched across the nation. And all prestigious entities in the medical world respected them. It was easy for them to wipe out a small fry.
“Oh, I’m so scared. Well, go ahead and do as you wish, then,” Dustin replied dismissively. His unconcern attitude and disregard fueled Preston’s anger. “Y-yo-you bastard! Just wait!”
“Are you done yet? If you are, please get lost.” Dustin waved his hand impatiently as if he was driving a bug away. “You-!” Preston gritted his teeth.
As he was about to get violent, Miranda tugged on his arm. “Preston, there’s no need to stoop to levels of such lowlife. People like him can only hope he’ll ever get to our level. He’ll never be as good as us, so all he can do is run his mouth.”
“That’s right! Only incompetent people waste their time talking. People with real skills speak with their actions!” Their lackeys added.
“You rascal! You sound sure of yourself. If that’s the case, let’s have a challenge.” It was clear that Preston wasn’t pleased. Since he couldn’t win him in an argument, it was time he put his skills to
use.
“I’m not interested.” Dustin flat-out rejected.
“Hah! Are you not interested, or you don’t have the skills? Or perhaps, you simply don’t have the guts?” Preston snickered as if he had seen through Dustin’s brave act.
“Hmph! Here I was thinking that maybe we’ve got ourselves a worthy opponent. It turns out he’s just a cowardly chicken!” Miranda mocked.
“This is what we call a champion boaster. They always win in an argument. But once things start getting serious, they chicken out faster than anyone else.”
“A slacker will always be a slacker. No matter what they say, the facts won’t change!”
The lackeys ridiculed and mocked Dustin, looking at him as if he were nothing more than a mere clown.
“Hey! That’s enough!” Abigail was angered. Had it not been for her concerns for decency, she would have taken action much sooner. They were a bunch who did not watch what they said.
“What? Are you just going to stay silent and let a girl stand up for you? What a worthless bum!” Preston continued to taunt.
“I intended to ignore you, but you seem adamant about getting on my nerves. Fine, you wish to challenge me, don’t you? I’ll take you up on that challenge.” Dustin did not wish to tolerate them
anymore. Just because he couldn’t be bothered to take action did not mean that he wasn’t capable of doing so.
“Wow! You’re finally acting like a man!” Preston gave a cunning grin.
“Alright, I won’t take advantage of you. Let’s just go through with Dr. Watkins’ examination. Whoever gets a higher rank in the examination wins. The loser will be the winner’s dog. How’s that? Do you dare to take up the challenge?” Preston was dead set on winning.
Preston was going to defeat Dustin so that he could crush him under his feet, utterly humiliating him. Only by doing so could he vent the anger in his heart.
“Well, if you insist on becoming my dog, I’ll agree to it, then.” Dustin had an impassive look.
“Hmph! Keep talking tough. Let’s see how much longer you can stay arrogant!” Preston sneered.
“Everyone, did you all see that? We are all witnesses to the challenge. The loser shall be the
winner’s dog.” Miranda was quick to back Preston up.
“That’s right! The loser will be a dog!” The lackeys followed along.
It wasn’t every day that they came across someone they could humiliate. They were going to grab hold of every opportunity that came their way.
“This young man is acting so recklessly. Why would he accept Preston’s challenge? At a medical examination too! Isn’t he inviting defeat upon himself?”
“If he doesn’t have the ability, he should admit defeat. But he insists on being arrogant! He’s going to embarrass himself when he loses.”
“Young people these days are too proud. They don’t know their limits.”
The crowd around them started whispering and commenting on Dustin’s actions. From their point of view, Dustin was too arrogant and would end up embarrassing himself.
###Chapter 722 by Marina Vittori
“Silence!” As everyone got into a heated discussion, a loud voice roared. Then, a group of elders of the Stoneray Order entered the hall.
Dr. Linden Watkins, leader of the Stoneray Order, walked before the group. Several other elders and some of the administrative disciples followed behind him.
“Is that Dr. Linden Watkins? He has such a grand aura coming from him!”
“Whoever does well in the examination today will be chosen as Dr. Watkins’ student. And will be learning from Dr. Watkins himself. The chosen one will have a bright future ahead!”
The mood turned serious when Linden entered. Everyone looked at him with respect in their eyes.
Linden was the best of the great three doctors in Balerno. Not only was he a skilled doctor, but he also had many students in the entire country. Everyone respected him. It would be a big achievement to become his student.
“We have some interesting candidates here today.” He looked at the crowd, briefly focusing on Preston and Miranda
Asclepia had managed to make a name for themselves in the medical field. And now their influence increased and would soon be on the same level as the Stoneray Order. Preston and Miranda’s presence within Asclepia helped them recruit more geniuses. Linden paid close attention to these rising talents of the younger generation.
“Let’s begin.” Linden nodded to the rest of the elders. Then he sat in the center as the other elders sat on both sides of him.
“The examination will begin.” An invigilator dressed in black stood before the crowd. Then he announced, “There are three parts to this examination. First, you will need to identify some drugs. Second, you will have to produce a medicine And finally, you will cure a sick patient.”
“Now, please get ready for the first test.” With a wave of his hand, more than ten disciples of the Stoneray Order walked in. They held a wooden box with medicine bottles inside.
“These bottles contain medicine that we’ve prepared. For your first test, you will taste it and identify the herbs used. Each of you will get a piece of paper, so list its components. Ten points will be deducted for each mistake. If you make three mistakes, you’re disqualified,” the invigilator announced.
The hall immediately buzzed with discussion when they heard that.
“My goodness! They call this simple? How are we supposed to identify the herbs used by just the taste of it? Can anyone even do that?”
“Exactly! I don’t think anyone can do that without at least 20 years of experience!”
“If the first test is this tough, I can’t imagine how difficult the next two tests will be!”
Everyone began complaining about how difficult the test was. Though everyone knew that the Stoneray Order had strict criteria for accepting students, this was harder than they thought.
“Silence!” The invigilator roared. “If anyone is dissatisfied, you can choose to give up. The Stoneray
anymore. Just because he couldn’t be bothered to take action did not mean that he wasn’t capable of doing so.
“Wow! You’re finally acting like a man!” Preston gave a cunning grin.
“Alright, I won’t take advantage of you. Let’s just go through with Dr. Watkins’ examination. Whoever gets a higher rank in the examination wins. The loser will be the winner’s dog. How’s that? Do you dare to take up the challenge?” Preston was dead set on winning.
Preston was going to defeat Dustin so that he could crush him under his feet, utterly humiliating him. Only by doing so could he vent the anger in his heart.
“Well, if you insist on becoming my dog, I’ll agree to it, then.” Dustin had an impassive look.
“Hmph! Keep talking tough. Let’s see how much longer you can stay arrogant!” Preston sneered.
“Everyone, did you all see that? We are all witnesses to the challenge. The loser shall be the winner’s dog.” Miranda was quick to back Preston up.
“That’s right! The loser will be a dog!” The lackeys followed along.
It wasn’t every day that they came across someone they could humiliate. They were going to grab hold of every opportunity that came their way.
“This young man is acting so recklessly. Why would he accept Preston’s challenge? At a medical examination too! Isn’t he inviting defeat upon himself?”
“If he doesn’t have the ability, he should admit defeat. But he insists on being arrogant! He’s going to embarrass himself when he loses.”
“Young people these days are too proud. They don’t know their limits.”
The crowd around them started whispering and commenting on Dustin’s actions. From their point of view, Dustin was too arrogant and would end up embarrassing himself.
Chapter 722
“Silence!” As everyone got into a heated discussion, a loud voice roared. Then, a group of elders of the Stoneray Order entered the hall.
Dr. Linden Watkins, leader of the Stoneray Order, walked before the group. Several other elders and some of the administrative disciples followed behind him.
“Is that Dr. Linden Watkins? He has such a grand aura coming from him!”
“Whoever does well in the examination today will be chosen as Dr. Watkins’ student. And will be learning from Dr. Watkins himself. The chosen one will have a bright future ahead!”
The mood turned serious when Linden entered. Everyone looked at him with respect in their eyes.
Linden was the best of the great three doctors in Balerno. Not only was he a skilled doctor, but he also had many students in the entire country. Everyone respected him. It would be a big achievement to become his student.
“We have some interesting candidates here today.” He looked at the crowd, briefly focusing on Preston and Miranda.
Asclepia had managed to make a name for themselves in the medical field. And now their influence increased and would soon be on the same level as the Stoneray Order. Preston and Miranda’s presence within Asclepia helped them recruit more geniuses. Linden paid close attention to these rising talents of the younger generation.
“Let’s begin.” Linden nodded to the rest of the elders. Then he sat in the center as the other elders sat on both sides of him.
“The examination will begin.” An invigilator dressed in black stood before the crowd. Then he announced, “There are three parts to this examination First, you will need to identify some drugs. Second, you will have to produce a medicine. And finally, you will cure a sick patient.”
“Now, please get ready for the first test.” With a wave of his hand, more than ten disciples of the Stoneray Order walked in. They held a wooden box with medicine bottles inside.
“These bottles contain medicine that we’ve prepared. For your first test, you will taste it and identify the herbs used. Each of you will get a piece of paper, so list its components. Ten points will be deducted for each mistake. If you make three mistakes, you’re disqualified,” the invigilator announced.
The hall immediately buzzed with discussion when they heard that.
“My goodness! They call this simple? How are we supposed to identify the herbs used by just the taste of it? Can anyone even do that?”
“Exactly! I don’t think anyone can do that without at least 20 years of experience!”
“If the first test is this tough, I can’t imagine how difficult the next two tests will be!”
Everyone began complaining about how difficult the test was. Though everyone knew that the Stoneray Order had strict criteria for accepting students, this was harder than they thought.
“Silence!” The invigilator roared. “If anyone is dissatisfied, you can choose to give up. The Stoneray
Order will not accept incompetent students!”
His simple statement was enough to silence the crowd’s grumbles and complaints. None of them were ready to give up so quickly after such a long journey there.
“If we have no ions, we will begin now. You will be given a medicine bottle and must list the ingredients within 30 minutes. Whoever completes this within the given time will continue to the next test.” The bottles were given out, and the timer started counting down.
Upon receiving the bottle, everyone quickly tasted the medicine.
Every second counted. Whoever finished the test in the shortest time would show that they were better than the rest. They might even attract the attention of the invigilators.
However, everyone frowned when they tasted the medicine. This was much more challenging than they had thought.
There were all sorts of herbs in the medicine After they were brewed together, it was impossible to identify the specific herbs used. The taste was a mixture of bitter, sweet, and sour. It tasted disgusting.
“Challenging indeed. But I’ll handle this just fine.
###Chapter 723 by Marina Vittori
Preston smiled faintly after taking three sips of the medicine and wrote on the paper. He listed down all the herbs in the medicine.
When he was halfway through, he took another sip to ensure he did everything correctly. When he was sure of his judgment, he listed the rest of the ingredients. It took him less than 10 minutes.
“I’m done.” Preston raised his hand to inform the invigilators that he finished. Although he spoke softly, he managed to attract the attention of everyone in the hall.
“Is he serious? He’s finished already in such a short time?”
“Hmph! I don’t believe he’s that good. I bet he just guessed the herbs!”
The crowd whispered among themselves. Some were amazed, while some were doubtful.
“Let me check.” The invigilator went to Preston and took his answer script. His eyes immediately lit up after going through the list.
“Not bad at all. Your answers are all correct. There’s not a single mistake. Perfect score.” The invigilator praised.
An uproar broke out among the crowd at that.
“Damn it! Did he get a perfect score? Is he that good?”
“As expected of Dr. Darby’s best student! He lives up to his name!”
“Fuck! I haven’t written a word, and he’s already listed every ingredient and is continuing to the next test. We’re not even competing at the same level.”
The crowd was shocked. Preston’s talent showed them how much they lacked medical skills and knowledge. They had no hopes of getting first place. So, they could only focus and try for second or third place.
“I’m done too.” Right then, Miranda raised her hand.
The invigilator approached her and nodded in satisfaction when he saw her answers. “Very good.
Perfect score as well.”
“Another perfect score? Aren’t they too good at this?”
“Oh man… What can I say? They’re way too good for people like us.
“They are terrifying! I don’t think I’m cut out for this. I’m giving up!”
Miranda’s perfect score destroyed everyone’s spirit. Many could not stand the pressure and chose
to give up.
“Hey, buddy! Are you not done yet? Do you need some help?” Preston turned to look at Dustin, a sarcastic smile on his face.
“Preston, I think he needs some help. He hasn’t even written a word!” Miranda turned to look at Dustin’s paper and covered her mouth to hide her snigger. She looked just like a mean bitch.
“No way! It’s such a simple test! You can’t even manage to think of a single herb? My, aren’t you a
dumbass?” Preston mocked him, exaggerating his words.
“What’s the rush? We have lots of time,” Dustin answered casually.
“No matter how much time you have, it won’t change anything. Trash will always be trash. It doesn’t matter how hard you struggle. You’re never going to succeed.” Preston taunted.
“I say, stop struggling and just be Preston’s dog. At least he might give you a bone when he feels like it,” Miranda said with a smirk.
“Are you sure that you’re going to be the winner?” Dustin asked suddenly.
“Why not? We’ve both scored full marks, and you have not even written a word. Isn’t it obvious who the winner will be?” Preston’s lips curled into a mean smile.
“Well, seeing how confident you are, I’ll teach you a lesson today.” Without another word, Dustin quickly wrote a long list of ingredients on the paper
He wrote with great ease, without any hesitation. The crowd was stunned and amazed, wondering if he was secretly an expert.
Even Preston and Miranda were flustered. He wrote so fast and with complete certainty. They began to doubt if they had chosen the wrong person to bully.
“Done.” While everyone was still shocked by Dustin’s fast writing, he had already submitted his answer to the invigilator.
The invigilator frowned when he saw Dustin’s answer. Then, in a frosty voice, he said, “Wrong answer. You get zero marks!”
###Chapter 724 by Marina Vittori
“Zero?” Everyone was shocked before they burst out in laughter. They looked at Dustin like he was a fool.
“Hahaha… How hilarious! The audacity he has to act so arrogantly when he got zero marks!” “He looked so certain of himself that I had begun to think he was all that. In the end, he was just pretending!”
“Even I could at least get a few points if I simply wrote some herbs. How did you manage to get zero points? What a joke!”
Everyone started to ridicule him. They initially thought Dustin was an expert when he wrote confidently and quickly. But in the end, the zero he received said a lot about him and exposed him as a fool.
“Rascal, I must say, you sure are shameless. How can you behave so arrogantly when you’re getting zero? I am amazed.” Preston sarcastically gave him a thumbs-up.
“If you don’t have the ability, then admit that you don’t. You are humiliating yourself if you insist on being arrogant!” Miranda looked at him like he was an idiot.
“Zero?” Dustin ignored the insults thrown at him and looked straight at the invigilator. “Are you sure you didn’t make the wrong judgment?” Dustin asked. “What? Are you questioning me?” The invigilator raised a brow.
“I don’t think I’ve made any mistakes with listing the herbs, so I’m just curious why you gave me zero points.” Dustin countered.
“You’ve indeed got most of the herbs right, but you added aconite to the list,” the invigilator said icily
“Alright, let’s put aside whether I got that wrong. Even if aconite were a wrong answer, I’d only get ten points deducted. Why did I end up with zero?” Dustin pressed.
According to the rules, one mistake meant he lost ten points. He would only be disqualified after three mistakes. He really could not comprehend how he ended up with zero marks.
“If it were just a regular mistake, I would not have given you zero points. But the problem is, you listed aconite as one of the ingredients, which reacts with the Fritillaria bulb in the medicine and becomes a deadly poison! If a doctor cannot even understand the difference between medicine and poison, what makes you think you can join the Stoneray Order? And this is the reason why I’ve given you zero points. Are you happy with my explanation?” the invigilator asked gravely.
“Of course not,” Dustin answered. “You were the ones who brewed the medicine. I’m only listing what I think is in there. So even if it’s poisonous, that’s your problem, not mine.”
“How dare you!” The invigilator lost his cool right then and there. “Why would the Stoneray Order put something poisonous into our medicine? You are simply spouting nonsense!”
“Hey, rascal! Are you just here to create problems for everyone? You know you can’t win, so this is your way of disrupting things?” Preston asked with irritation.
“We should drive this troublemaker out, or things will only worsen.” Miranda looked at him with contempt.
“Get out! Get out!” Many of the people there echoed in agreement. How dare a person who scored zero marks behave so arrogantly? He was only going to embarrass himself even more.
“Guys, throw him out of here!” The Stoneray Order’s disciples rushed toward Dustin on the invigilator’s order.
“Hold on.” Just as they were about to grab Dustin, Linden, who sat at the main seat and had watched everything happen, spoke up. “He’s a promising talent. Let’s keep him around.”
Upon hearing that, everyone was taken aback. No one expected Linden to speak up for someone who was trash.
“Dr. Watkins, this person is making baseless claims and slanderin
###Chapter 725 by Marina Vittori
“He said nothing wrong. There is aconite in the medicine.” Linden’s words shocked everyone.
“What?” That invigilator froze in disbelief. “Dr. Watkins, you must be mistaken. I remember that aconite wasn’t listed in the recipe.
The elders beside Linden did not say anything but had puzzled expressions. The medicines were brewed according to a recipe, and no one would dare to change it. How is it possible that it contained aconite?
“Originally, Aconite was not included. But I just felt like adding it, so I did,” Linden said casually,
“You felt like it?” When the crowd heard that statement, they exchanged looks with each other. Wasn’t Linden too carefree?
“Dr. Watkins, when aconite is combined with the Fritillaria bulb, it becomes poisonous. Why would you add it?” The invigilator frowned.
He had said the same thing just now to criticize Dustin. Now, Linden had confirmed that there was really aconite in the medicine.
“It’s to test everyone, of course,” Linden said casually. “If we strictly follow the recipe, it would be too simple and boring. They would easily be able to guess the ingredients.
“However, adding aconite would make things more interesting Everyone must think outside the box to notice the little surprise I prepared for you.
“Unfortunately, none of you noticed it. Except for this man, who was sensitive enough to spot it. So technically speaking, he is the only one with a perfect score!”
The crowd became uneasy when they heard that. It seemed this was all planned by Linden. Most importantly, Dustin was the only person who successfully noticed the special ingredient added to the medicine!
Before Linden revealed the truth, the crowd thought that Dustin was just an attention seeker, SO they mocked him as much as they wanted. None of them expected that they were the real fool.
“How’s that possible? I didn’t even notice that there was aconite. How did that bastard know?” Preston’s brows furrowed as he frowned. He was usually proud and arrogant because of his talents. He could not accept losing to someone else.
“Does this scoundrel have some insider information?” Miranda had a doubtful look on her face. Even though she was talented, it took her a few years to be on the same level as her seniors. Even her mentor, Dr. Darby, always praised her and considered her a potential successor.
She had never once made a mistake regarding medicine. That was until today. So she was annoyed.
“So, I was wrong?” The invigilator’s lips twisted to a frown, and he was speechless. He felt ashamed of his actions.
“Young man, you surprised me. But I have a question for you. Can you guess why I’ve added aconite to the medicine?” Linden smiled at him thoughtfully
“It’s to poison us,” Dustin answered confidently.
“Oh? Could you explain?” Linden raised a brow
“Based on the herbs, their properties, and the dosage. The toxic effect should start in about 30 minutes. And if I’m not wrong, this is all for our second test,” Dustin said calmly.
“And what else?” Linden nodded in approval.
“They mentioned that the second test is to produce medicine. But what you want us to do is to come up with the antidote while we are poisoned. However, it won’t be easy to produce the antidote while we are experiencing the effects of the toxin.” Dustin revealed the truth.
“Hahaha… Young man, you sure have talent!” Linden laughed heartily, his eyes shining with admiration toward Dustin.
“You are right! That is our next test for you. Whoever manages to produce the antidote will move on to the next round. Whoever fails to do so will never live to see the next day!”
###Chapter 726 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Everyone shouted in shock. A bottle fell out of someone’s hand and broke into pieces as it crashed to the ground. Nobody expected the medicine they tasted to be poison!
It was supposed to be just an easy examination to identify the components of the medicine. How did it turn into a life-threatening situation? Was it necessary for the examination to be so extreme?
“Dr. Watkins, isn’t this going too far?” The invigilator frowned. Linden had always done his best to save lives, so using poison to test them seemed unusual.
“There is a fine line between medicine and poison. There are times when poison can also be used to save lives. It all depends on how someone uses them. As long as it’s effective, it doesn’t matter how it’s being used,” Linden said seriously. “But-”
“Enough.” The invigilator was about to say something when Linden raised a hand and cut him off. “The Stoneray Order does not accept incompetent students. Anyone who isn’t confident in your own skills, you may choose to quit.
“All you need to do is walk straight to the door, collect the antidote, and get the hell out of here. However, your life will be in your own hands if you continue.”
“I. I’m out!”
“Forget it. I don’t want to risk it. I’m giving up.”
“Damn it! This is gambling with our lives! Who would be brave enough to continue? I’m quitting too!”
When they learned their lives were in danger, most gave up.
Although being accepted into the Stoneray Order would promise them a bright future ahead, nobody was willing to risk their lives for it. The price to pay was too high.
Furthermore, if the first test was so difficult, won’t the second test be even more challenging?
Who would want to take such a risk when they were not confident?
Before 30 minutes were over, most people in the hall had left, and only a few people stayed. The remaining ones were either really confident or really skillful.
Since Dustin had already made known that there were aconite and Fritillaria bulbs in the
concoction, it increased their chances of producing the antidote.
“Alright, those who should leave have already left. Those who passed the first test can proceed directly to the second test,” Linden announced.
As soon as he said that, a large door at the side of the hall slowly opened, leading to a big alchemy
room.
It had everything they would need. Many herbs, alchemy furnaces, charcoal, and minerals were
available for them to use.
“Go in.” The invigilator led the group into the alchemy room.
It was a large room. Besides the alchemy equipment, there were rows of cabinets filled with various medicinal herbs. At a glance, it had all sorts of medicinal ingredients. There were even some rare and precious herbs.
“Your second test is to produce a medicinal pill.” When everyone was ready, the invigilator
continued, “On the table before you is a recipe. All you need to do is produce Curax, which will be
your antidote.
“The judging criteria are easy. Whoever produces a higher-quality Curax will receive a higher score. You have an hour. If the pill is successfully produced before times up, it will be considered
a pass.
The timer started counting down, and the invigilator announced, “Your test starts now!’
With no time for hesitation, everyone began moving.
Producing a medicinal pill was challenging to accomplish. And with the time limit of an hour, it was even more difficult
Everyone had to be quick and careful to avoid making mistakes while producing the medicine. Once there was any mistake, it would be a failure.
“You just got lucky in the previous round, bastard! This time, I’m going to crush you!” Preston glared at Dustin and then quickly made his pill. He was going to beat everyone by producing the highest quality Curax!
“Hmph! He’s just an ordinary doctor! Let’s see what other tricks he has up his sleeves!” Miranda said angrily, unwilling to admit defeat.
She put all her effort into producing the medicinal pill. Her pride as a genius did not allow her to be defeated a second time.
“Curax?” Dustin ignored them and read the recipe given. He smiled thoughtfully.
Many people were able to produce medicinal pills. But to stand out and beat everyone, one must put in extra effort and skill.
“That’s odd. Why does my head hurt?”
“I’m having a stomachache. I feel like I might shit my pants!”
“Oh no! It’s the poison’s effect!”
###Chapter 727 by Marina Vittori
Right then, many of them began showing signs of poisoning. Some felt dizzy, and others experienced severe abdominal pain. Some even had cramps.
Although their symptoms were different, it would affect their production of the medicinal pill. But giving up was not an option. They could only grit their teeth and continue.
“Who do you think will be number one today, Dr. Watkins?” an elder with a white beard asked.
“Preston and Miranda are performing well and gifted in the medical field, so they are considered geniuses. But I think the young man will do better.” Linden looked at Dustin.
“Him?” The elder followed and looked at Dustin too
Then, he asked, curious, “But Dr. Watkins, he’s a nobody. Maybe he was lucky in the previous round. He’s still not on the same level as Preston and Miranda.”
No matter their family background, talents, or medical accomplishments, they were not on the same level. And Dustin’s good luck would not change anything.
“Hahaha… We’ll find out soon enough.” Linden smiled and said nothing else. He sat and watched. He refused to believe that someone who could see through his plans was just a nobody.
“Bang!” After a moment, an explosion was heard in the hall.
A man’s alchemy furnace burst when he made a mistake. The hot liquid, burning charcoal, and
furnace fragments splattered all over his face.
“Ah!” The man screamed in pain as he clutched his burned face.
“Somebody bring him away!” The invigilator waved his hand, and several members of the Stoneray Order moved to help the man.
“Bang!”
“Bang!”
“Bang!”
As the first person was carried away, several others had their furnaces explode as well. They had burned faces and were carried out too.
Some made mistakes because of the poison’s effects and the pressure they were under to save themselves. Some burnt their pills, some could not solidify their pills, and some of their furnaces
exploded
The number of people who were eliminated increased quickly.
“Done!” When there were still 30 minutes left, Preston shouted as he showed the crowd the red pill
he had taken from the furnace.
The invigilator walked to Preston and looked at his pill. Then he praised. “Not bad, you have indeed produced a Curax And it is a good quality one!”
“A good quality Curax? That’s amazing!”
“As expected of Dr. Darby’s best student! Impressive!”
“He managed to produce a Curax of good quality even though he was poisoned! That’s amazing!”
Everyone was shocked to hear what the invigilator said.
Preston quickly completed the task under such stressful conditions. It showed how amazing his medical skills and accomplishments were.
“Done!” Not long after Preston was done, Miranda finished hers. The pill she produced was like Preston’s in both looks and properties.
“Very well done. A good quality Curax too!” The invigilator nodded, very pleased. The two geniuses from Asclepia had not disappointed him.
As time continued, others successfully produced the Curax. Yet, they mostly failed. Soon, one hour was almost over.
“Dr. Watkins, it seems like Preston and Miranda are winning. As for that young man you had your eyes on, I guess he won’t pass this test if he hasn’t produced the pill by now.” The elder smiled. Suddenly, Dustin’s furnace exploded with a loud bang.
###Chapter 728 by Marina Vittori
“Bang!” When Dustin’s alchemy furnace exploded, everyone turned and looked at him. Some were shocked, some were confused, and some were enjoying what they saw. After a moment of shock, Preston and Miranda laughed out loud.
“Hahaha! His furnace exploded? And here I thought he might secretly be an expert. It turns out he just managed to make his furnace explode?” Preston ridiculed.
Because of Dustin’s excellent performance in the previous test, Preston thought he was a strong opponent. So, he did his best to produce the pill.
But now that Dustin’s furnace exploded, Preston thought he had just been overreacting. If someone’s furnace exploded, that person was not suitable to be considered his rival.
“What were we expecting? Trash will always be trash. Just because he got lucky once will not change anything. Under a bit of pressure, he can’t take it and starts making mistakes.” Miranda looked down on Dustin.
How could an ordinary doctor compare to medical geniuses from Asclepia like them?
“Dr. Watkins, you always had an eye for talent. But I think you might have made a mistake today. The elder had a faint smile on his face.
It was a big problem for an alchemist’s furnace to explode and was considered a rookie mistake. No matter how well Dustin did in the previous round, the fact that his furnace exploded proved that he was still bad at alchemy when compared with Preston and Miranda.
“We don’t know that yet.” Linden shook his head.
“Dr. Watkins, time is running out, and that young man’s furnace has exploded. How will he be able to succeed?” The elder chuckled.
Linden remained silent as he watched on.
“You failed to produce the medicinal pill, so you’re eliminated!” the invigilator announced as he walked up to Dustin.
“Hang on… Who said I failed?” Dustin asked calmly, not, giving up yet.
“Didn’t you fail when your furnace already exploded?” The invigilator frowned. He believed that Dustin was only there to create trouble for them.
“Hey, bastard. You should just admit your defeat. There’s no point in continuing to be unreasonable. If you can’t produce a single Curax, how are you different from trash?” Preston looked at him with mockery.
“Stop embarrassing yourself here. Just leave!” Miranda glared at Dustin too.
“Why are yoù two complaining non–stop? It’s true that my furnace has exploded, but that doesn’t mean I failed to produce a pill,” Dustin said calmly.
“What? Are you still continuing to be stubborn? Do you think that you can just magically produce a Curax out of thin air?” Preston smirked.
“Why not? Now open your eyes wide and look here. This is the real Curax!” With that said, Dustin brushed aside some shards of the furnace. Then, he took out a dark red pill from the broken pieces.
It was really a Curax!
“What the fuck? He actually did it? Is this true?”
“It’s true! It is Curax! In fact, it looks like it’s good quality!”
“Damn it! He produced that even after his furnace exploded? That’s amazing!”
The crowd excitedly commented when they saw the pill in Dustin’s hand.
Logically speaking, an exploded furnace would mean that one had failed. But this young man had broken all the rules and surprised everyone.
“You… How did you do it?” Preston stared at him, wide–eyed with disbelief.
Miranda was shocked too, and she refused to believe it. She had thought that they’d easily be able to defeat Dustin. But he actually made it and managed to produce it!
“If you can do it, there’s no doubt I’d be able to do it too.” Dustin smiled faintly.
As he spoke, he passed the pill to the invigilator.
The invigilator frowned after taking a good look at the pill. From the looks of it, it was indeed Curax. But it seemed like there was something else in there.
###Chapter 729 by Marina Vittori
The Curax that Dustin produced was different from the regular Curax in terms of color, scent, and size.
“Hmph! So what if he managed to produce the pill? Just looking at it, we can tell its quality is not up to standard!” Miranda folded her arms arrogantly.
“Exactly! The test for the second round is to compare the quality of pills that we’ve produced. This pill that he produced from an exploded furnace is definitely trash!” Preston regained his confidence.
The pill he produced was good quality, and Dustin’s was a low grade. They were on completely different levels!
“How weird…” The invigilator studied the pill for a while.
Because he was scared to make a decision by himself, he took the pill and showed it to Linden and the rest of the elders. “Dr. Watkins and elders. I think there’s something strange about this Curax. But I am not sure.”
“Oh? Is that so? Let me see?” An elder took the pill and looked at it seriously. Then, he was shocked.
“Dr. Watkins, this young man is something else. Please have a look.” After studying the pill repeatedly, he passed the pill to Linden.
“Interesting.” Linden smiled widely after looking at the pill. The young man indeed had many tricks up his sleeves.
“Dr. Watkins, what quality is this pill?” the invigilator asked.
“Can’t you tell? This is a top grade pill!” The elder said.
“What? Top grade?” The invigilator was taken aback,
Though good quality pills and top grade pills sounded like they weren’t that much different, there was actually a very big difference between the two. It would not be an exaggeration to say that 100 good quality pills were no match for one top grade pill.
Not even Linden could produce a top grade pill. Even Preston and Miranda were still not capable of making top grade pills. Was it possible that Dustin was even more skillful than Linden?
“Don’t just stand there. Go ahead and announce the results!” Linden urged.
“Sure…” The invigilator gulped before he turned around and raised the pill in his hand.
With a loud voice, he announced, “According to our united decision, this pill is a top grade pill. The person who produced this has received a perfect score!”
“Top grade pill? How is that possible?” The crowd shouted.
However, Preston and Miranda stood there, frozen in place, disbelief on their faces.
Everyone knew how difficult it was to produce a top grade pill. Even professional alchemists could only make one top grade pill out of every 100 pills that they created. And even then, it was
“Why not? Now open your eyes wide and look here. This is the real Curax!” With that said, Dustin brushed aside some shards of the furnace. Then, he took out a dark red pill from the broken pieces.
It was really a Curax!
“What the fuck? He actually did it? Is this true?” 
“It’s true! It is Curax! In fact, it looks like it’s good quality!”
“Damn it! He produced that even after his furnace exploded? That’s amazing!”
The crowd excitedly commented when they saw the pill in Dustin’s hand.
Logically speaking, an exploded furnace would mean that one had failed. But this young man had broken all the rules and surprised everyone.
“You … How did you do it?” Preston stared at him, wide–eyed with disbelief.
Miranda was shocked too, and she refused to believe it. She had thought that they’d easily be able to defeat Dustin. But he actually made it and managed to produce it!
“If you can do it, there’s no doubt I’d be able to do it too.” Dustin smiled faintly.
As he spoke, he passed the pill to the invigilator.
The invigilator frowned after taking a good look at the pill. From the looks of it, it was indeed Curax. But it seemed like there was something else in there.
###Chapter 730 by Marina Vittori
“What? He changed the recipe?” Everyone was surprised by Linden’s explanation. Every recipe was created only after millions of experiments. The smallest change in ingredients or dosage would disrupt its balance and cause the production of the pill to fail.
For someone to change the recipe, they needed talent and lots of experiments. For someone to be able to change up the recipe on the spot and succeed right away, he had to have crazy good luck, or he must be a medical genius who was out of this world.
“No way! That’s impossible!” After a moment of shock, Preston continued, “There’s no way you can change the recipe so easily! Even my mentor can’t change a recipe that’s meant to produce a good quality pill into one that produces top grade pills within such a short time frame! How is it possible that this bastard can do that?”
“Exactly! He’s just an ordinary doctor! How would he be able to change the recipe?” Miranda added.
Even with her talent, she was still unable to do something so complicated. There was no way that bastard doctor was better than her!
“Young man, these people don’t seem to believe in your ability. Would you like to explain how you did it?” Linden shot him a faint smile.
“There’s nothing to explain. I simply added a few other herbs,” Dustin said.
“Hmph! You claim that you added other herbs. So tell me, what were the herbs you added?” Preston glared at him.
“Angelica root, licorice, white creepers, and honeysuckle.” Dustin did not find it necessary to hide the information from them. He wasn’t worried that they might steal the recipe from him, as it took skills to produce top grade pills.
Besides, it was just Curax, not some rare or expensive medicine. There was no point in keeping it a
secret from them.
After processing the information, Preston exclaimed with his brows furrowed, “That doesn’t sound right! It is true that Angelica root, licorice, and white creepers can enhance the effects of Curax. But honeysuckle reacts adversely with some other herbs in the recipe. It might cause some harmful effects when added!”
“If you don’t understand, don’t try to show off.” Dustin looked at Preston like he was looking at an
idiot.
“Though Curax functions to detoxify the body, all the herbs used are considered to have strong effects. So when weak people take the pill, they will feel nauseous. Honeysuckle can neutralize the effects of the stronger herbs, making the medication easier for weaker patients. You should know this, don’t you? To think that you’ve been accepted into Asclepia! I expected better of you!” Dustin’s last sentence was directed toward Preston.
“You-!” Preston was at a loss for words, and his expression darkened.
Dustin’s words made so much sense that Preston couldn’t even retort him. Is it possible that this bastard could produce top grade pills?
“Hahaha! Brilliant! Absolutely brilliant!” Linden laughed and clapped after hearing what Dustin said.
The more Linden looked at Dustin, the more pleased he was with him. In fact, he even had the urge to have Dustin marry his granddaughter!
“Who is this person, and why is he so good?”
“Who knows? But he sure is a secret genius! There’s no doubt that he will be accepted into the Stoneray Order.”
“He beat Preston and Miranda in the first two rounds. I wonder how he will do in the final test.”
The crowd whispered among themselves excitedly. Their view of Dustin was now different.
“If there are no ions, then we shall continue to the third test.” Without wasting any time, Linden waved his hand.
Soon, an old man in a wheelchair was pushed in by two students of the Stoneray order. The old man’s face was pale, and he had sunken cheeks. Because of long–term paralysis in the legs, the muscles in his legs had shrunk, making them appear much smaller compared to the upper body. “Your third test is to heal a patient. This patient has been paralyzed for eight years. He has recently asked us for help.
“Many of our disciples don’t know what to do with his sickness. Your task will be to find out the cause of the condition and try your best to help the patient feel sensations in his legs.
“Within the time limit, you are allowed to observe and touch the patient yourself. But you are not allowed to ask the patient any questions. The result is based on your own abilities. Each of you will have 15 minutes to treat the patient. Who’s going first?”
###Chapter 731 by Marina Vittori
Linden looked around the place. There were only a few who made it through the second round. They were either very skillful or extremely gifted.
“I’ll go first!” A middle–aged man stepped forward confidently. It was finally time he showed off his 20 years‘ worth of experience with acupuncture.
He walked up to the old man and examined him closely. Then, he felt his pulse. Finally, he took out several silver needles and inserted them into different pressure points on the old man’s leg.
But the patient stayed expressionless and did not react at all. The middle–aged man frowned and continued inserting several more needles, but it was all useless. “Time’s up! You have failed!” the invigilator announced all of a sudden.
“Wait! I’ll try one more time.” The middle–aged man did not want to accept his failure “Drag him away!” The invigilator did not want to waste any more time and ordered other disciples to drag the middle–aged man away.
“Hah! How could he just perform acupuncture without even finding out the cause of the sickness? What a terrible doctor! Watch me!” A lady walked up to the patient.
Then taking out a pill that could improve blood circulation, she fed it to him. Next, she began massaging the patient’s leg and his hips.
The lady was confident with what she was doing. She had assumed that the patient’s circulatory pathways were blocked. So once she gave him a massage and cleared the pathways, he would regain sensation in his legs.
Unfortunately, things did not go as expected. No matter how hard the lady massaged his legs, the patient remained unresponsive even when she broke out in a sweat as she massaged harder.
“Time’s up! You’re out too!” the invigilator announced once again.
The lady could only accept defeat with a resigned sigh.
Two other people tried treating the patient, but none of them succeeded. The patient simply sat there, unmoving.
“What a bunch of useless people. Let me do it!” After so many failures, Preston could not continue
watching.
Based on his observations, he was sure he knew what was the cause of the old man’s sickness. He
was confident he could treat the old man and make him feel his legs.
“Hey, bastard! You’re better than me in alchemy. But you’re still not as good as me when it comes to treating patients! Watch how I’ll defeat you today!” Then, Preston began his treatment.
He first took out two silver needles and inserted them into the back of the patient’s head. Then, he inserted a few more along his spine, neck, back, hips, and knees. He added another ten needles in
total.
With his jaws clenched, Preston pulled out a white pill but looked unwilling. Then, he fed it to the old man.
“Hey, could that pill be … Tigarius? The pill that can renew one’s blood marrow?”
“It is Tigarius! That thing’s worth is almost the same as gold! It’s so rare that you can’t buy it even if you’re rich!”
“As expected of a member of Asclepia. He’s so rich and generous!”
The crowd commented and praised Preston for his bold and generous action.
Tigarius was a pill that could improve someone’s health and renew their blood marrow. If an ordinary person took it, it would promote health and life span. If martial artists were to take it, it could greatly increase their powers and bring them to the next level.
It was truly a rare treasure that was hard to come by..
“You have to give some to win some. It is worth sacrificing a Tigarius to win the competition!”
Preston drew a deep breath and waited for Tigarius’s effects. Then, he inserted a final needle into the patient’s chest.
The next moment, the patient sat up and his legs, devoided of any sensation, began to move.
###Chapter 732 by Marina Vittori
“His toe moved!” “Oh, my God! It worked! That’s amazing!”
“No wonder he’s Dr. Darby’s best student!” Everyone was shocked to see the old man’s toe twitch. After all, doctors must be highly skilled and talented if they wanted to pass the third test.
Yet all the other doctors had failed to treat the old man. On the other hand, Preston managed to make the old man’s toes twitch when his legs had been paralyzed for the last eight years.
It was amazing! “How do you feel, sir?” Preston removed his silver needle and smiled.
“I-I think I’m starting to feel my legs again!” The old man was overjoyed. Since he lost all sensations in his legs, nothing he did could make them react anymore.
Now, his legs felt numb, and he could even control some of his toes. Although the results were just small changes, it was still a miracle for someone who had been in such a state for the last eight years.
“That’s good to hear. You’ve been paralyzed for too long, so you’ll take a while to recover. But don’t worry, I just have to treat you for another month, and you’ll be fine by then!” Preston promised. confidently.
“Thank you so much! You’re incredible!” The old man was grateful. “No problem. It was an easy task,” Preston replied proudly.
As Bruce’s disciple, treatments like this were not new for him. And to treat his patient, Preston was willing to use something as valuable as Tigarius. So, it was impossible for the old man not to recover.
“You managed to help the patient regain sensation in his legs in such a short time. That’s impressive. You have passed the test!” The invigilator nodded in approval.
“Congratulations, Preston” Miranda smiled. The fact that Preston passed all three tests while others failed showed how good Preston’s skills were
“You’re next, Miranda Let’s show that person how powerful Asclepia disciples truly are!” Preston shot Dustin an arrogant smirk.
So what if Dustin was good at alchemy? He would merely be a pharmacist.
Preston was skilled in everything, including alchemy, medicine, and even witchcraft The gap between the two of them was as clear as day
“Don’t worry, Preston I’ll teach him that there’s always someone better than him” Miranda glanced at Dustin hatefully before approaching the old man to start the treatment.
If she wanted to pass the test, she had to continue what Preston had begun And although the patient’s condition was hard to treat, she felt more confident after seeing Preston’s results
“I’ll begin now.”
Miranda took a deep breath and pulled out her silver needle. She lifted the old man’s foot and inserted it into a pressure point under his foot.
The old man instantly hissed in pain and jerked back. Without hesitation, Miranda immediately inserted another four needles into several pressure points in his body. This helped to improve his blood circulation and clear any blood clots.
Since Preston had started the treatment with the aid of Tigarius, all she had to do was clear any blockage in his veins to let the old man recover faster.
After dozens of needles, the old man’s legs began to tremble. He could even control the toes on one of his legs now.
“My legs don’t hurt as much now. That’s incredible!”
###Chapter 733 by Marina Vittori
The old man pinched his thigh and was happy to feel a slight pain. His legs had been completely numb before this, but he was slowly regaining sensation in his legs. This was wonderful!
“There. All done.” Miranda grinned as she observed her work. “You must be extremely talented to be able to treat his symptoms so quickly. No wonder you’re a genius in the medical field!” The invigilator was pleased.
“So I guess that means I passed?” Miranda raised an eyebrow. “Of course. Both of you passed with flying colors,” the invigilator answered with a smile. His answer made Preston and Miranda very happy.
They had initially received full marks on the first two tests. But because of Dustin, their marks. dropped after the second round. Still, thanks to this round, they’ve managed to raise their points. back up again.
“Did you see that, bastard? That’s how good our medical skills are!” Preston taunted. “It only took us half an hour to let this patient regain feelings in his legs after being paralyzed for the past eight years. Can you do that?”
“Give up if you can’t, instead of making yourself look like a fool!” Miranda sneered.
Just because Dustin was good at alchemy, it didn’t mean he’d also be skilled in treating patients. After all, although both fields may have some similarities, there’s still a big difference between the two.
“Why are you bragging when you’ve only helped the patient recover partially? Others might think. that you’ve completely cured him.” Dustin rolled his eyes.
“With my skills, curing him is a piece of cake! Just give me a month, and I’ll have him walking again!” Miranda puffed her chest.
“A month? Flowers would have wilted when you’re done,” Dustin responded disdainfully.
“Shut up! At least I can treat him. What about you?” Miranda sneered.
“What’s so difficult about that? Just give me three minutes, I’ll get him to walk,” Dustin answered.
“Three minutes?” Surprised, Preston burst out laughing. “Have you gone crazy? You’re telling me that you can treat someone who has been paralyzed from the waist down for the past eight years in just three minutes? Do you think you’re a magician or something?”
“What a fool!” Miranda looked at Dustin in disgust.
After being unable to walk for eight years, the old man’s muscles would have wasted away by now. So there was no way he could walk in just three minutes.
“Young people nowadays are so arrogant Several Stoneray Order elders shook their heads in disappointment
Even they were not able to do much when treating the old man, so they were sure that Dustin would not be able to do much as well
“That proud idiot is only making a fool of himself!” The invigilator sneered. Even Linden wouldn’t be able to get that man to stand up again.
“Since none of you seem to believe me, I’ll just have to show you.” Dustin didn’t bother explaining further. He took out a silver needle and approached the old man. After checking for the spot he was aiming for, he fiercely pierced the needle into the old man’s body.
There was a hum as the needle began to vibrate. A burst of true energy surged from the top of the
man’s skull and spread throughout his body.
The old man shuddered, and his eyes flew open. He could feel the blast of energy flooding him from head to toe. His heartbeat picked up its pace, and his breathing quickened.
“Done.” Dustin stepped back and waited with his hand behind his back.
“That’s it? Is this a joke?” Miranda ridiculed him.
“Who the hell do you think you are? Did you think poking him with a single needle would be enough to cure him? If it works, I’ll kneel at your feet and call you ‘daddy”!” Preston mocked.
Almost immediately, the old man in the wheelchair reacted to Dustin’s treatment. His face. flushed, and he looked uncomfortable as his body heated up and sweat built up on his skin.
“H-h-hot! It’s hot!” Seconds later, the old man jumped up like his butt was on fire, jumping off the wheelchair.
###Chapter 734 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Everyone was shocked to see the old man jump up, and their jaws dropped in disbelief. None of them expected the paralyzed old man to stand up so suddenly. They also couldn’t believe that it had only taken Dustin a single needle to cure the man’s paralysis.
“I-Is this real? Did that old man just stand up?” “What the hell is going on? Did he really cure that old man with a single needle?”
“Holy shit! That’s amazing!” After a silent pause, an uproar broke out. All the scornful looks Dustin had received earlier had turned to shock.
“I-Impossible!” “How can a patient like that stand up so soon?” Preston shook his head, not believing what he was. He refused to accept that Dustin could cure a patient in three minutes when he needed a month.
“How can this be? How did he do that?” Miranda was stunned. As someone who claimed to be a genius in the medical field and was better than her peers, her confidence had been destroyed by Dustin. For a condition that she struggled to treat, he could quickly treat it while she hadn’t been able to.
“Who the hell is he? How is he so good?” The invigilator was dumbfounded. Although he had also looked down on Dustin earlier, he was now completely amazed by the other man’s skills. After all, people would start to worship Dustin if they found out that he was great at alchemy and medicine.
“H-he’s a genius!” “Stoneray Order will be strong again if we can convince him to join us!” The elders of the group. were excited. They had yet to have someone as talented as Dustin join them in the past decade.
“He’s so skilled despite his young age. He must be a monster.” Linden looked at Dustin with amazement. What Dustin did earlier might have seemed simple, but it was much more than that.
For others, it may look like he only once inserted the needle into the old man’s pressure point. But Dustin had already inserted and removed it repeatedly. However, his movements had been too fast
for everyone.
Even Linden had to admit he didn’t have the skills to do that. In order words, Dustin was far more
skilled than he was in this field, yet Dustin was only in his twenties! What a monster!
“Thank you so much!” the old man cried happily. He immediately got to his knees and thanked. Dustin for helping him to stand again after eight years.
“Don’t mention it Dustin helped the old man up “You became paralyzed after a stroke, but now that the blockage in your bloodstream has been removed, you should be fine again Just make
sure to rest well after this”
To be honest, Dustin’s plan only succeeded thanks to the Tigarius Preston had administered. Without it, the old man wouldn’t have recovered so quickly.
“Who the hell are you?” Preston demanded. He couldn’t accept that a nobody like Dustin was better than him.
“That’s not important. What’s important is that it’s time for you to kneel and call me ‘daddy’.” Dustin smiled.
###Chapter 735 by Marina Vittori
“You- Preston cut off, his face red with anger However, even Miranda was forced to stay silent
“Well, they do that say heroes come in all ages Linden stood up and beamed. He added, “Congratulations on beating everyone else. So, tell me your wish As long as it’s within my power, I’ll try my best to get it done!”
Most people joined the competition to join Stoneray Order, but some would request and ask Linden for rare gems, ancient medical texts, panaceas, and more. “You’re as generous as rumors say. Well, Ill be straightforward I’m actually here for your thousand -year green lotus,” Dustin answered frankly.
“Thousand-year green lotus? It’s a rare herb. I must say, you’re quite ambitious “Linden raised an eyebrow
“Why? You can’t give it to me?” Dustin wore a fake smile.
“It might be a valuable herb, but I don’t mind giving it to you.” Linden chuckled. “Bring me the herb!”
“Yes, sir!” The invigilator left quickly and returned, holding a wooden box.
The box opened to reveal a perfect, translucent green lotus with green leaves and a yellow pod
Light shone on the herb, making it dazzle.
“That’s the green lotus!” Dustin was overjoyed.
Before this, he hadn’t bought it because it wasn’t mature enough. But thanks to Linden’s care, the green lotus had truly transformed into a rare, prime thousand-year green lotus.
“Wait!” Miranda suddenly called out. “Dr. Watkins, could you mind letting me have it? I’m willing to pay any amount!”
“If you had asked earlier, you might have had a chance. Unfortunately, it belongs to this young man now. It is his now, and he decides what to do with it,” Linden answered.
“What?” Miranda frowned. “Hey, you! I need that herb. Name your price!”
“Sorry, but I need it too so I won’t sell it,” Dustin refused.
“I’m one of the Killians. You better think twice before answering,” Miranda yelled threateningly.
The Killians of Oakvale were one of the strongest families in Millsburg, and everyone was aware of
this.
“So what? I said no. Leave!” Dustin snapped, unbothered.
“You!” Miranda gritted her teeth to suppress her anger.
“Fine! You better not regret this!” She turned around and left. If she couldn’t buy it, she’d have to
steal it.
“Hey, kid. You’ve angered Miranda, so you’d better be careful.” Preston sneered before following Miranda.
Although he recognized Dustin as a genius in the medical world, Dustin still lacked the skills to survive in the real world.
“Thank you for the herb, Dr. Watkins. I’ll be leaving now.” Dustin grabbed the herb and was about to leave when the invigilator stopped him.
“What’s the hurry? I don’t mind giving the herb to you, but on one condition-you have to join Stoneray Order Linden smiled.
“Dr. Watkins, I don’t like being held back. The rules and regulations at the Stoneray Order might not suit me,” Dustin declined politely.
“It’s fine. As long as you agree to join us, you can ignore all those rules,” Linden promised.
“Furthermore, after seeing your outstanding performance, I’ve decided to promote you to elder. You will have free access to most of our resources!
“What? He’ll promote that guy to an elder?” Linden’s words stunned everyone.
###Chapter 736 by Marina Vittori
“This is a joke, right, sir? I-it isn’t proper to promote him to an elder when he just joined the group!
“He’s right, Dr. Watkins. This is the first time there’s been an exception like this. That’s not normal!
“Sir, we know you favor talented individuals, but I’m afraid others might be unhappy with your decision.”
The elders and many disciples of the Stoneray Order were upset when they heard that Linden would promote Dustin to elder, which was only one rank below the assistant leader.
Disciples usually started as junior disciples before becoming intermediate disciples. Then, they would be promoted to senior disciples. As senior disciples, if they made any major contributions, they would be promoted to upper disciples.
Upper disciples were then categorized into three classes-upper third, upper second, and upper first. Only upper first disciples had a chance of being promoted to elder.
Getting promoted to a higher rank took years, so for a junior disciple to climb the ranks and become an elder would take at least a few decades. However, Dustin was now offered to take the top spot for free, pissing many people off.
“You fools. His skills are more than worthy of becoming an elder!” Linden responded firmly.
Dustin had completed all three tests perfectly, which was something even Linden couldn’t be sure he could do. That was why Linden desperately tried to recruit Dustin into the Stoneray Order.
“Sir, he might be skilled, but he doesn’t have enough experience yet. It’s fine if you take him in as an upper disciple, but I think appointing him as an elder is going overboard,” a white-bearded elder advised.
Stoneray Order has existed for centuries; there has never been such a young elder.
“Shut up! I said that it’s fine!” Linden shouted angrily, scaring the others into silence. After all, he was the one with the ultimate power.
Linden turned his attention to Dustin and smiled. “So, what do you think? If you agree to join us, you can become an elder and get the thousand-year green lotus. I also swear never to stop you from doing what you want.”
“It’s an honor, sir. I accept your offer. Thank you.” Dustin smiled. At this point, only an idiot would turn down such an attractive offer.
However, Dustin was more attracted by Linden’s position than anything else. His position was very influential in the entire country. After all, no one would claim that they never fell sick.
No matter how powerful someone was, they would still look for Linden when they were sick. Therefore, it was easy to see why Stoneray Order ranked first in terms of connections and influence. It was a once in a life chance to receive an offer to become one of the Order’s elders.
“Great! We’ll start preparing a banquet to welcome our newest elder!” Linden ordered.
His disciple immediately got to work. Although they were unhappy with Linden’s decision, they didn’t dare to voice it.
At noon, Dustin finally left with Abigail and Roderick holding the thousand-year green lotus and a Stoneray Order Elder Emblem With that badge, all of the Order’s disciples had no choice but to obey him.
“You were so cool today! You got the treasure and taught those two brats a lesson!” Abigail exclaimed excitedly in the car. She watched the whole competition and was glad when Dustin beat those arrogant “geniuses”.
“She’s right! They’re nothing compared to you!” Roderick praised.
“Enough with the praises. You guys should look behind us first,” Dustin answered cooly.
“Behind us?” Puzzled, Abigail and Roderick turned around. It turned out that several cars were following them from about 400 feet away.
###Chapter 737 by Marina Vittori
“Are we being followed?” Roderick frowned and ordered his driver, “Go faster, Gary!”
“Yes, sir!” The driver, Gary, immediately stepped on the accelerator, and the car shot forward. Suddenly, a black van popped out from the fork in front and stopped on the road horizontally.
Gary paled and stomped on the brake, causing the tires to screech. Still, the momentum caused their car to collide with the van.
There was a loud bang as the impact caused the van to flip, and Roderick’s Rolls-Royce could no longer work. Thankfully, no one was hurt.
However, when Dustin and the others tried to run away, the cars that were following them had already caught up to them.
“Grab them!” The doors opened, and several burly men carrying expandable batons jumped out and surrounded them. They looked scary and threatening.
“Who are you? How dare you rob my car?” Roderick roared, pis s ed that someone would dare to harm him when even the Fabulous Five respected him.
Miranda and Preston got out of the car, a smirk on their faces. “How kind of you to show up now.”
“We meet again. Are you surprised?” Preston smirked.
Dustin narrowed his eyes. “So it’s you two. Do you plan to rob us or something?”
“And if we do? You better give us the thousand-year green lotus if you want to leave!” Preston sneered.
“Your medical skills were worse than mine, so now you’re doing something like this as revenge? Are all Asclepia people like this?” Dustin scoffed.
“Shut up!” Miranda snapped, annoyed.
Then, she added, “You only have two choices right now-give us the thousand-year green lotus, or we’ll beat you up!”
“As if you guys can do that.” Dustin smirked.
“I guess you’re going to be stubborn to the end, eh? Miranda, let’s teach him a lesson!” Preston urged.
“I guess nothing will change your mind. Beat them up, boys!” Miranda waved her hand, and the men in suits charged toward Dustin, Abigail, and Roderick.
“Let me deal with them!” Before Dustin could do anything, Abigail pulled out her bat and
Chapter 737
rushed toward their opponents.
She was skilled with the bat, and the men were no match for her. Her attacks broke their limbs. Besides being very strong, she was also nimble and quick, so she was able to defeat them swiftly like a wolf.
“S-she’s so strong!” Roderick was astonished. Abigail looked like a delicate girl, so he never expected her to be such a strong fighter.
Abigail continued running after the men, and soon, all of them were beaten up and laid on the floor unconscious.
Miranda and Preston lost their smug smiles and stared at the scene, confused.
###Chapter 738 by Marina Vittori
“There! All done!” Abigail rested the bat on her shoulder like a thug and walked toward Dustin, smiling proudly. “How did I do?”
“Not bad. You’ve improved a lot in the last few days.” Dustin nodded, pleased.
Abigail was an extremely talented martial artist. Compared to regular martial artists, she only needed to practice for one day to achieve what others needed a year for. Furthermore, with Dustin’s guidance, there has been huge growth in her skills.
She used to struggle against ten opponents, but now, she could take them on easily.
“Duh. Don’t you know who I am?” Abigail lifted her chin smugly. For some reason, she woke up feeling extra strong this morning, as though she had endless bursts of energy.
“Are you two going to leave by yourself, or must I force you?” Dustin slowly turned toward Miranda and Preston.
“I underestimated you. I didn’t expect you to have a female bodyguard,” Preston got over his surprise and jeered. “But do you think a girl can stop us? How foolish!”
“Do you want to get beaten up too?” Abigail turned around and glared at Preston.
“A beating? Pfft!” Preston chuckled.
“Don’t tell me you thought Asclepia disciples were only good at medicine? Well, geniuses like us are more than just skilled at medicine.
“We’re also skilled martial artists! We just keep quiet about this. Of course, if you guys insist on being stubborn, I’ll have no choice but to teach you a lesson!” Preston took his jacket off and began to roll up his sleeves.
“Let’s see if you really are that strong!” Abigail jumped forward and swung her bat toward him.
“Great timing!” Preston grinned.
He stood his ground and flung out his hand instead. When his palm touched the bat, he pulled his hand back and struck the bat repeatedly. It created an air vortex that spun the bat around to hit Abigail.
“What?” Startled, Abigail stopped attacking and turned her face. However, she was too slow, and her bat slammed into her shoulder. She immediately winced in pain.
“That’s impossible!” Abigail gritted her teeth and swung her bat toward Preston again, her attack much faster and stronger this time.
“Foolish child.” Preston smirked and did the same thing, causing Abigail to be hit by her attack. She instinctively lifted her arm to block the bat.
There was a thud as the bat cracked under the force, and her arm was injured.
“That’s it! I’ll kill you!” Abigail cried furiously. Her stubborn personality caused her to attack again, but the results were the same.
All her attacks on Preston were reflected and hit her instead.
Right before the bat could bust her head apart, a stone shot out and shattered the bat, stopping the attack.
“You’re no match for him, kid. Go and take a break.” Dustin told her.
“I can still fight!” Abigail was upset.
“Don’t be stubborn. Just watch and learn.” Dustin gestured for her to step back.
Pouting, Abigail stood back reluctantly.
“Pfft! She’s no match for me, so what makes you think you’ll win?” Preston mocked. He had yet to use half of his strength earlier.
“Enough with the chit-chat and do your worst.” Dustin placed his left hand behind his back and extended his right to curl his finger, provoking Preston.
###Chapter 739 by Marina Vittori
Preston’s face immediately darkened. He felt insulted by Dustin’s actions. “Preston, don’t you go easy on him!” Miranda demanded. “I’m going to beat the cr ap out of you!” Preston shot toward Dustin and struck him with both palms.
Shadow Dance was a move that could defend and attack simultaneously, allowing Preston to catch his opponents off guard. Although Dustin’s feet didn’t move an inch, he raised a hand and swung it down fiercely.
True energy burst forth and broke past Preston’s defense. Instantly, Dustin slammed his palm into Preston’s chest brutally.
Blood instantly splurted from Preston’s mouth as he flew backward and landed on the car. The car dented from the impact.
“Did you see that, kid? That’s how you’re supposed to deal with him.” Dustin turned his head and gave Abigail a small smile.
“Um…” Abigail forced a smile. There was no way she could learn that. He was on a completely different level!
“Preston!” Shocked, Miranda rushed over and pulled Preston out of the car.
Preston was as strong as a High-level martial artist, yet Dustin smacked him away so easily. It was shocking. “Are you alright, Preston?” Miranda asked worriedly.
“I’m fi-
“Before he could finish speaking, Preston coughed up another mouthful of blood that splattered all over Miranda.
“Don’t act all tough when you’re so weak. This is just to teach you two a lesson. Don’t piss me off again, or you’ll regret it,” Dustin retorted icily and turned to get onto their car.
“Go to hell!” Just then, Preston sprung up. He fished out a bottle of potent poison and flung the powder toward Dustin.
“Hmm.” Dustin waved his hand without looking back. Instantly, a gust of wind blew all the poison back to Preston.
“Aargh!” Preston cried out, holding his face. The poison was so corrosive that it immediately burned and destroyed his skin. Seconds later, his face had turned into an ugly mess as blood dripped from his wounds.
“Serves you right!” Abigail spat.
It was bad enough that Preston tried to sneak up on Dustin, but how dare he use such a dangerous poison! He deserved this!
“H-h-how dare you disfigure Preston’s face!” Miranda roared, goosebumps rising when she saw Preston’s disgusting new looks.
“What the hell did I do? He was the one who brought it upon himself.” Dustin shrugged.
“Shut up! I dare you to tell me your name!” Miranda snapped.
“Why? Are you going to seek revenge? Ha, as if I’m afraid of you.” Dustin smirk. Then, he said, “Listen up. My name is Julian Nicholson!”
Miranda gritted her teeth. “Julian Nicholson? I’ll remember you. This isn’t over! I’ll get my revenge someday!”
She got into her car and left, making sure to remember that name.
###Chapter 740 by Marina Vittori
“Who’s Julian Nicholson?” Abigail asked, watching the car drive away. “Just an a ss hole. You don’t need to overthink it,” Dustin answered nonchalantly. Abigail sighed helplessly. She couldn’t help but pity Julian, who was an innocent person.
Soon after the three of them reached Flame Dragon Dojo, Roderick bid them goodbye and left. Dustin safely stored the thousand-year green lotus and began teaching Abigail how to fight with a staff.
Abigail had finally built a solid foundation. She was also powerful, which made her a perfect fighter. However, her attacks were too simple, so anyone with some skills could easily beat her.
Fortunately, Abigail’s choice of weapon was a baton, so Dustin decided to make good use of this and teach her a staff combat technique.
Dustin has been practicing all sorts of combat techniques since he was a child and has read various types of martial arts books of different levels. Dustin knew them all by heart, whether it was basic or advanced techniques or even forbidden, arcane texts. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call him a martial arts encyclopedia.
Two days flew by. Within those two days, Dustin guided Abigail and conquered two other guilds with Flame Dragon Gang-Stonefur and Slythorn.
By then, he managed to get Millburg’s four dirtiest guilds under his control. In other words, Dustin had become the king of the underworld. He had over 4000 men and was more powerful than the Fabulous Five!
After unifying the four guilds, he renamed them the Kirin Gang. Flame Dragon Gang, Charging Tiger, Stonefur, and Slythorn each became the Kirin Gang’s subsidiary guilds.
With that, the Kirin Gang was ready to conquer the world!
Dustin was dealing with guild matters on the third morning when he received a call.
Julie’s anxious voice was heard as soon as he answered the phone. “Dustin, Dahlia was nearly assassinated just now!”
“What? What happened?” Dustin jumped up, alarmed.
“It’s hard to explain over the phone. You should just come over.”
“I’m on my way!” Dustin asked for the address and rushed over to the hospital.
When he entered the ward, he saw Dahlia lying on the bed with a pale face and a bandaged arm. Florence, Julie, and Victoria stood around her.
“Are you okay, Dahlia? Are you hurt?” Dustin quickly walked over, worried.
“You’re here. Oh, it’s nothing. Just some scratches here and there.” Dahlia forced a smile.
“What do you mean it’s nothing? You nearly died! Why are you acting tough?” Florence snapped.
“She’s right. If you were not lucky, we might be dead by now!” Julie was scared too. Although she hadn’t been injured, she was still shaken by the incident.
###Chapter 741 by Marina Vittori
“Dahlia, what happened?” Dustin frowned. “Yesterday, I went to Glenstead to visit the Nicholsons and check in on Grandpa Regulus. I was on my way home this morning when someone ambushed me. Fortunately, a general was passing by and saved us,” Dahlia explained.
“Why didn’t you tell me you were going to Glenstead? I would have sent someone to protect you.” Dustin demanded, displeased.
“I brought my own bodyguards. I just didn’t expect something like this to happen,” Dahlia replied helplessly.
If it had just been a regular fight, her bodyguards could have dealt with it easily. However, they were no match for someone who wanted her dead. “Do you have any idea who’s planned the attack?” Dustin asked.
“Not yet.” Dahlia shook her head. “You were attacked as soon as you visited Sir Regulus. It’s too much of a coincidence. If my guess is right, your family must have something to do with this.” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“Our family? That can’t be right.” Dahlia’s brows furrowed.
“You’re the largest shareholder of Nicholson Corp. now. Sir Regulus even appointed you as the heir, so everyone’s aiming for your position. Considering all this, it’s not impossible for someone to resort to something like this,” analyzed Dustin.
Dahlia’s current position was bound to attract envy from some people who knew that if something were to happen to her, other family members would have a chance of taking over her position.
To rich families like theirs, nothing mattered more than money and power. Familial bonds
were useless to them.
“He’s right. They must be behind this!” Julie exclaimed angrily.
“Those assholes! How dare they hurt my daughter! I’ll get revenge on them!” Florence roared.
“We don’t have proof, so we shouldn’t make assumptions. Others might use this opportunity to cause trouble,” Dahlia stated thoughtfully.
Although she had her suspicions, that was all they were. Without solid evidence, nothing could be proven.
“I’ll start digging and get to the bottom of this as soon as possible,” Dustin promised.
“There’s no hurry for that. I have something more important to deal with.” Dahlia was serious.
Chapter 741
She explained, “I hired a doctor to check on Grandpa Regulus yesterday, and he said that we need to find a Panax root and use it to make a medicine that could wake Grandpa up again.”
“A Panax root? It’ll be difficult to find one.” Dustin thought about it.
“Dustin, you have one, don’t you? Can you-” Dustin cut her off before she could finish her
sentence. “No! ”
“What?” Dustin’s response shocked her. She had only seen Dustin try to fulfill all her requests, so she didn’t understand why he was acting like this now.
“What do you mean by that, Rhys? It’s just a Panax root. Why are you being so stingy?” Florence snapped.
“Dustin, if you give it to us and we manage to cure Sir Regulus, Dahlia will officially get promoted. You’ll get recognized too!” Julie tried to convince Dustin with words.
“I can agree to anything but this,” Dustin responded firmly.
That 500-year-old Panax root was an important ingredient for the nine-fold Longevitum. So there was no way he could give it away.
“It’s just a Panax root. What’s the problem?” Florence glared at him.
“Exactly! You’re not using it right now anyway, so you might as well give it to Dahlia and earn her favor.” Julie echoed.
“Dustin, the Panax root is incredibly important to me. Grandpa Regulus won’t wake up without it. I know this sounds demanding, but I hope you can give it to me,” Dahlia asked again.
“I’m sorry, but it’s just as important to me, so I can’t give it to you.” Dustin refused once
more.
Dahlia frowned. “If it’s a loss to you, I don’t mind buying it from you.”
“It has nothing to do with money.” Dustin shook his head. “I won’t sell it no matter how much you offer me.”
“Then, what do you want? Is a Panax root more important than me?” Dahlia’s face hardened as her temper rose.
She wasn’t angry because of the Panax root. Rather, it was because Dustin didn’t seem to care about her.
###Chapter 742 by Marina Vittori
“Stop throwing a tantrum, Dahlia.” Dustin frowned. Dustin said, “I wouldn’t mind giving you anything else, even if it costs millions. But I just can’t give you my Panax root.”
“You’re right. I am throwing a tantrum! If you don’t want to give it to me, I’ll think of something else!” Dahlia turned her head away furiously.
In the past, Dustin would get it done no matter what request she made. Now, all she was asking for was a Panax root, yet he turned her down firmly.
He obviously didn’t care about her anymore. It seemed like she wasn’t that important to him anymore after he got a new girlfriend.
“Dahlia is giving you a chance to prove yourself, Rhys! You better not ignore her kindness!” Florence exclaimed.
“Exactly! With Dahlia’s looks and influence, many other men would be clambering to gift her Panax roots! You better appreciate this chance!” Julie jeered.
“If you need a Panax root, I can use my connections to help you get one. However, I can’t give you the one I have because I need to use it to save someone,” Dustin answered thoughtfully.
“Fine! You said you’re going to use it to save someone. So tell me, who’s the person that’s more important than Grandpa Regulus?” Dahlia demanded.
“You know this person. It’s Gregory.”
“Mr. Jones?” Dahlia frowned, her temper cooling slightly. Then, she asked, “What happened to him? Is he si ck again?”
In her memories, Gregory was either drinking or sleeping. She rarely saw him sober. And because he was a heavy drinker, his health wasn’t the best.
“He’s fine for now, but that doesn’t mean he’ll stay that way. I need to gather more herbs to treat him,” Dustin answered truthfully.
“Since he’s fine right now, you can lend us the Panax root. Once Sir Regulus gets better, we’ll return another one to you. How about that?” Florence persuaded.
“She’s right. Time is running out. Sir Regulus’ life is in danger right now, so you should prioritize us first!” Julie insisted.
To them, Regulus’ life would directly impact Dahlia’s future and her position, so it was far more important than Gregory’s life.
“My Panax root is too rare. It’ll be extremely difficult for you to find another as mature as mine. So I’m sorry. I can’t risk Gregory’s life.” Dustin shook his head again.
A wild 500-year-old Panax root was incredibly rare, so Dustin couldn’t afford to take any chances.
“Geez! Why do you have to be so stubborn? We’re trying to talk to you nicely, but if you’re still going to be so stubborn, don’t think about meeting my daughter again!” Florence snapped.
“Do you even care about Dahlia? She’s just trying to borrow your Panax root, and it isn’t as though she won’t return it. What’s the issue?” Julie was pi ssed.
“Alright, alright. That’s enough.” Dahlia frowned.
“Dustin has plans of his own, so we shouldn’t force him.”
ough she understood his actions,
she was still irritated. Dustin should know how to prioritize matters better.
Since Gregory didn’t need to use it immediately, why couldn’t he lend it to her temporarily so that she could treat her grandfather?
“Ms. Nicholson…” Just then, a tall, handsome young man in military uniform entered the room. It was easy to see that he was not a regular commander.
“Mr. Killian? What are you doing here?” When she saw the man, Julie lit up and rushed over with a bright smile.
“Mr. Killian?” Florence and Victoria exchanged glances before leaping up to welcome the new arrival, full of smiles.
This was the first time they met a real general since they’d only ever seen them on television, so the two ladies were excited and nervous.
###Chapter 743 by Marina Vittori
“I had just finished reporting back to the military base, so I decided to drop by.” Gavin Killian smiled. “Greetings, Mr. Killian.” Dahlia tried to stand up.
“No need for formalities.” Gavin placed a hand on her shoulder to keep her seated. “You need to rest, Ms. Nicholson. You’re hurt.” “It’s nothing.” Dahlia smiled.
“And this is?” Dustin looked at Gavin, puzzled. He could tell from the badge on Gavin’s arm that he was a major general. For someone to be a general in his thirties, he must either be from an influential family or be incredibly talented.
“This is Mr. Killian. He was the one who saved me this morning,” Dahlia introduced. This morning’s incident was still fresh in her mind. Without Gavin’s help, she’d be dead by now.
“I see Thank you, Mr. Killian.” Dustin thanked. “It was nothing,” Gavin answered with a smile. “And you are?”
“Oh, he’s my friend, Dustin Rhys.” Dahlia blurted. “Friend?” Dustin frowned, unhappy with her answer. Still, he regained his composure after a few seconds.
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Rhys. I’m Gavin Killian.” Gavin extended a hand. Although his expression looked kind, his eyes showed an a rrogant glint.
“Nice to meet you.” Dustin shook Gavin’s hand knowingly.
Killian wasn’t a common surname. He ran into Miranda Killian two days ago, and now, he was meeting another Killian, so he couldn’t help but wonder if the two were related.
“Ms. Nicholson, I heard that you urgently need a Panax root. Is that true?” Gavin suddenly switched the topic.
Dahlia nodded. “That’s right. My grandfather is si ck, and we need a Panax root to make his medicine. Unfortunately, finding one is quite hard, so I doubt I’ll get my hands on one soon.”
“You don’t have to search anymore, Ms. Nicholson. I happened to have a 300-year-old Panax root. If you’d like, you can have it.” Gavin’s words shocked them.
“What? You’re giving it to me?” Dahlia was taken aback. She didn’t expect him to have a Panax root and for him to gift it to her so casually.
“Are you serious, Mr. Killian? Are you going to give us a Panax root?” Julie asked with disbelief in her eyes.
“Of course. I always keep my word.” Gavin puffed out his chest.
“Gosh, thank you so much!” Julie was overjoyed.
“You’re such a kind man, Mr. Killian!” Florence and Victoria were happy as well.
Just moments ago, they were thinking hard, trying to find a way to obtain a Panax root. They never thought they’d get one so soon.
Unlike Dustin, who was stubborn and stingy, Gavin seemed much more generous and honorable.
###Chapter 744 by Marina Vittori
“Thank you for the offer, Mr. Killian, but I can’t accept such a precious gift.” Dahlia got over her surprise and became upset again. She hadn’t even repaid Gavin for his earlier kindness, so how could she accept his Panax root?
“Ms. Nicholson, a Panax root is meant to cure sic kness anyway. I don’t need it for now. So you might as well use it to save someone’s life. Think of it as an act of kindness.” Gavin smiled.
“But-” Florence cut Dahlia off before she could refuse again. “Dahlia, you should accept it. You can always repay the favor later.”
Florence kept/looking at Gavin eagerly. “She’s right, Dahlia. Saving a life is much more important. Without this Panax root, what are we going to do about Sir Regulus?” Julie advised.
“But…” Dahlia was at a loss for words. It would be difficult to repay the favor, but she had no choice but to accept the gift since Regulus’ life was at stake.
“Ms. Nicholson, if you want to thank me, I do have a favor to ask,” Gavin suddenly said.
“What is it?” Dahlia raised an eyebrow.
“I’ll be hosting a banquet at Viridian Hotel tonight, so I’d like to invite you,” Gavin answered with a small smile.
“A banquet?” Dahlia hesitated before nodding in agreement. “It’d be my pleasure.”
Gavin had helped her a lot, so she couldn’t refuse him.
“Great. See you tonight.” Gavin smiled and left after chatting for a moment.
“What do you think of Mr. Killian, Dahlia?” Julie blurted out as soon as Gavin was gone.
“He’s a general despite his young age, so he’s definitely an excellent person,” Dahlia responded casually.
“Not just that. I think he likes you.” Julie grinned teasingly.
“Nonsense!” Dahlia glared at Julie. “We’ve just met. How can he like me?”
“Why would he give you a Panax root if he didn’t like you? He even invited you to his banquet. Isn’t it obvious enough?” Julie pressed.
“But…” Dahlia was speechless. She glanced at Dustin and let out a breath of relief when she
realized he didn’t seem bothered.
“Dahlia, Mr. Killian is young but accomplished. He’s an excellent man that’s hard to come by. Why don’t you try and flirt with him a little? Who knows what might happen.” Florence had an eager expression.
If Dahlia were to marry a general, they’d also gain fame. It would be more fame than what they’d get if she married an aristocratic family. After all, being powerful was more important than being wealthy.
“Mom, you’re doing it again!” Dahlia grumbled.
“Haven’t you gotten over Rhys yet?” Florence glared at Dustin disdainfully. “He knows that you need a Panax root, but he won’t give it to you. What’s the point of keeping a man like him?”
“Exactly!” Julie nodded. “You saw how that guy refused despite how we begged him, yet Mr. Killian, whom we barely know, was willing to help us. Can’t you see who’s the better choice?”
Dahlia frowned when she heard this. After comparing the two men, she realized that Dustin seemed much more selfish than Gavin.
“Are you going to believe him when you’ve only met him once?” Dustin suddenly asked.
“Are we supposed to believe you, then? What makes you think you’re trustworthy?” Florence snapped.
“She’s right. Mr. Killian not only saved Dahlia, but he also helped us in times of need. What about you? What have you done?” Julie sneered.
“First, he saved you. Now, he’s gifting you a Panax root. Don’t you think this is too much of a coincidence?” Dustin asked.
“What do you mean?” Dahlia raised an eyebrow.
“You don’t know who that man is or his intentions, so you shouldn’t trust him so easily,” Dustin warned.
“Hmph! I bet you’re just jealous.” Julie jeered. “You’re jealous that he’s better and more powerful than you!”
“It’s bad enough that you’re useless, but how dare you insult Mr. Killian! You’re despicable!” Florence yelled.
###Chapter 745 by Marina Vittori
“I’m just stating the truth. It’s always better to be careful,” Dustin replied calmly. “Dustin, Mr. Killian isn’t that kind of person,” Dahlia retorted firmly, unhappy to hear Dustin talking bad about her savior.
“Do you really know him well enough? Besides his name, what else do you know about him?” Dustin asked back.
“I-” Dahlia was taken aback. When she came to her senses, she immediately declared. “Anyway, Mr. Killian isn’t a bad person. You better not judge him with a petty mindset!”
“Petty?” Dustin chuckled un humorously. “You’re right. I am petty. And since you seem to believe him so much, this petty man will take his leave now. Goodbye.” Dustin turned around.
“Dustin, stop right-” He left before Dahlia could stop him. “Let him leave! What the he ll is wrong with him? We just said a few words!” Florence scoffed.
“Yeah. Mr. Killian is a thousand times better than a petty man like him!” Julie snorted.
“That’s enough! He’s gone now, so stop talking about this!” Dahlia frowned, agitated.
Her relationship with Dustin had only begun to improve, and she didn’t want problems to arise
again.
Out of the hospital doors, Dustin sighed.
Although he didn’t care about Florence and Julie’s words, he was unhappy about Dahlia’s distrust
of him.
“Dustin Rhys…” A black sedan pulled over, and the windows were lowered, revealing Gavin’s face.
“Mr. Killian, how may I help you?” Dustin replied.
Gavin had obviously been waiting for him.
“I will only say this once, so you better listen closely.” Gavin’s expression was cold as he said, ” Dahlia Nicholson is mine, so you better stay away from her from now on.”
“And why should I?” Dustin narrowed his eyes. He didn’t expect Gavin to show his true colors so
soon.
“Because I’m from the Killian family of Oakvale and a major general. And because I’m stronger
than you. Is this answer good enough?” Gavin sneered arr ogantly.
“Those labels mean nothing to me. Here’s some advice. Don’t pi ss me off,” Dustin retorted, unfazed.
“Hmm… Interesting.” Gavin grinned.
“A loser dares to challenge me? Fine. Let’s see what you’ve got.” With a snap of his fingers, his car
d rove off and out of sight.
Right after that, several other cars pulled over in front of Dustin, and several law enforcers wearing distinctive uniforms stepped out, their faces stern.
“Are you Dustin Rhys?” The leader asked.
“I am.” Dustin nodded. “How may I help you?”
“Someone reported you for ki lling Hank Hoffman, so you’re under arrest!” The man yelled.
“Someone reported me? Who?” Dustin was shocked.
“Me!” Another person stepped out of the car. It was Julian!
“I witnessed you murdering my friend, so I reported you!” Julian cried out.
“So you’re up to no good again.” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“You kil led an innocent man, and plenty of evidence proves that. Take him away!”, The leading enforcer signaled his men to handcuff Dustin and haul him into the car.
Julian watched the cars drive away, sneering, “You’re dead meat this time!”
###Chapter 746 by Marina Vittori
Dustin didn’t resist as he was dragged into the car. He was blindfolded, and a hood was placed over his head to ensure he couldn’t see anything. That was the start of a long, shaky drive.
Dustin could tell that they had driven out of the city, so these enforcers were definitely not from the investigation bureau.
After some time, when Dustin began to feel sleepy, the car finally stopped. The doors opened, and the metallic stench of blood pierced his nose. He could also smell the dis gusting scent of rotting flesh.
“Where are we, sir?” Dustin asked curiously. “Sh ut your mouth and get in!” The man beside him snapped as he dragged Dustin forward.
They passed through several checkpoints and heavy iron gates before riding an elevator that kept going deeper underground.
After a while, the elevator came to a halt with a clang. Different noises instantly surrounded Dustin-cries, wails, shouts, and laughter. There was also a nasty, damp stench.
The man took the hood off Dustin’s head, and Dustin finally realized that they were in an underground prison.
In the center was a long, dark corridor that seemed to go on forever. Rows of prison cells lined both sides, each packed with dozens of people.
Some were cursing or glaring at him menacingly, while others were begging for mercy. There were even some who began to cackle hysterically when they saw Dustin.
“Move it!”
The man pushed Dustin forward. They walked passed a few cells before stopping in front of the cell at the corner. When the metal gates opened, dozens of cold, ruthless glares shot toward him.
“Get in.” Two officers pushed him into the cell and swiftly left after locking the doors.
“Hey, kid. What trouble did you get into to end up here?” A bald, muscular man suddenly asked.
“I kil led someone,” Dustin answered straightforwardly.
“How many?” The other man questioned again.
“One.”
“Why did you kil l that person?”
“And why do you need to know that?”
“Cut the cr ap and answer the goddamn question!”
“Fine. The guy I k illed was a rapist. He k illed my brother-in-law, so I threw him off a building,” Dustin explained.
“Really?” The bald man stared intensely at Dustin before he burst out laughing. “Well done. You
did the right thing!”
“What?” Dustin was taken aback by the bald man’s response. He assumed that the bald man was going to beat him up.
###Chapter 747 by Marina Vittori
The same went for everyone else. At first, their eyes had been filled with hostility. However, after hearing Dustin’s answer, they smiled welcomingly at him.
“If you had done an evil deed, you’d be dead by now. Fortunately, you were just avenging your wife, so you’re a real man!”
“It seems like Shadow Gang will have a new member!” Everyone in the cell studied Dustin carefully. Although they didn’t seem happy to see him, they didn’t seem as hostile anymore. “What are you guys talking about?” Dustin was confused.
“Over here, there are all sorts of guilds and gangs. Ours is Shadow Gang. Our rule is simple: settle scores fairly. You can ki ll your enemies, but you can’t hurt innocent people. If you’re caught, you’ll be heavily punished.” The bald man grinned.
“He’s right. We might not be good people, but at least we’re honorable men who won’t allow others to hurt innocent people!” The other men agreed. Dustin was surprised. It seemed like not everyone here was evil.
“You’re one of us now, kid.” The bald man threw his arm over Dustin’s shoulder as if they had known each other for a long time.
“Come on. I’ll introduce you. These guys here are Beardy, Limpy, and Scarface. And here we have-”
“Don’t let my limp fool you, kid! I ki lled dozens of corrupt government officials before being sent here!”
“I’m no slouch either! I came across of bu nch of dicks who were raping and kil ling women, so I castrated them and tore off their limbs!”
“That’s nothing compared to what I did. There was a gang of bandits that wiped out a village, so I took all of them out myself. Unfortunately, the police were in conflict with the bandits, so they blamed me for the village’s destruction.”
The men stopped being hostile and began boasting about their achievements.
“Interesting.” Dustin smiled. He didn’t expect to find such honorable men in prison.
“What’s going on? Is there a new kid?” a raspy voice asked from the corner of the cell.
Everyone immediately fell silent, respectfully. Dustin turned and saw a bony older man yawning as he sat upright on his mat.
The older man’s hair was unkept, and his face looked gaunt. His hands and feet were bounded with thick iron chains, and metal rods pierced into his shoulders. Metal rattled every time he moved.
“Hmm?” Dustin was surprised. He didn’t expect to run into a fully developed divine-level martial artist here. After all, this would mean that the older man was only a step away from becoming a Grandmaster.
“Did we wake you up, Mr. Adler? We’ll be sure to keep quiet, so you can keep sleeping.” The bald man smiled apologetically.
“It’s fine. There’s nothing to do besides sleeping and eating anyway. It’s been a while since we had a newcomer. As the gang leader, I should welcome him.” The older man yawned.
“Hurry. Pay your respects to Mr. Adler.” The bald man quickly tugged Dustin.
“No need for formalities.” The old man waved them off before asking Dustin, “Did you offend some high-ranking official?”
“How did you know?” Dustin was surprised.
Although Julian said he was the one who made the report, Dustin was sure that Gavin had
something to do with this.
“Everyone here is a criminal who has ki lled at least ten people, but you’ve only ki lled one. You’ve clearly offended someone powerful,” the old man replied.
“May I know where this is?” Dustin was even more curious now.
“This is a place you can enter but never leave.” The older man sighed.
“It doesn’t matter who you are or where you’re from. Once you’re in here, you’ll never get out. It’s just like the underworld. That’s why it’s called ‘Azkaban”!”
###Chapter 748 by Marina Vittori
“Azkaban?” Dustin was alert when he heard the name. Azkaban was known throughout Balerno. Rumors had it that the inmates here were either extremely wicked or caused great harm to the country. And there were all sorts of criminals- assassins, despised martial artists, bloodthirsty maniacs, and more.
The prison had one rule: once you entered the place, there was no way out. Unlike other prisons where inmates who performed well would be given chances to reduce their sentences, the inmates here only had two choices. They could either stay here for the rest of their lives or die.
Therefore, no one has ever left or escaped the place. This was also the place where Duane Welch had been sent to. “Do you understand the seriousness of the situation now?” The older man asked, concerned.
“This place is a different world. Everything on the outside no longer has anything to do with you now.”
“Is there no way to get out?” Dustin questioned.
“Get out? How?” The older man shook his head with a bitter smile. “The cells are made of indestructible dark steel. Beyond this, many checkpoints and skilled martial artists guard the place. Nothing could get in here, not even a fly.”
“Now that does sound worrying,” Dustin muttered.
“Stop overthinking, kid.” The older man patted Dustin’s shoulder. “You’re lucky you met us instead of those wicked men or you’d be dead meat by now.”
“You’re one of us now, so you definitely won’t starve!” The bald man patted his chest confidently.
“Thanks, guys.” Dustin smiled politely. He could tell that these men weren’t evil.
Suddenly, sounds of metals clanking resounded through the corridor. Instantly, everyone shrank away from the bars and huddled in the corners of the cell, terrified.
Dustin followed the sound and looked toward the dimly lit corridor. A plump man dressed in fine clothes was approaching them with several fierce-looking prison officers. He held a metal rod and kept striking it against the iron doors, causing sparks to fly.
“Hey, kid. Did your family members bribe the guards before you came?” the old man asked.
“No.” Dustin shook his head.
“Then do you have any valuables with you?” the old man asked again.
“I’m completely penniless.” Dustin spread his hands.
“Oh, dear.” The older man sighed. “Those money-grubbers are here. You might have to endure some pain since you didn’t bribe the guards and have no money.”
“Don’t worry, kid. It’s just 50 canes. It’ll be over in the blink of an eye. It might keep you in bed for
about a month, but it won’t k ill you!” The bald man promised.
“He’s right. You just have to remember not to resist, and everything will be over soon,” Others echoed, having gone through the same thing.
If someone had money, they could bribe the guards so that their punishment was milder. But if someone had no money, they’d have no choice but to suffer.
Those who were lucky would suffer from a bruised bottom, while those who weren’t might end up disabled.
The well-dressed, portly man continued striking the cages before stopping in front of Dustin’s cell.
“I heard a new guy arrived. Who is it?” The well-dressed, portly man scanned the cell with cold
eyes. Those who met his eyes instinctively lowered their heads, scared of these men who controlled their lives.
###Chapter 749 by Marina Vittori
“It’s me.” Dustin stepped forward. The well-dressed, portly man gave him a look over and asked, “Do you understand the rules in here yet?”
“What rules?” Dustin asked. “Everyone needs to get a beating when they first arrive. Naturally, I’m the one who determines how heavy the beating will be. Got it?” The well-dressed, portly man made a point to tap his baton. “So, you want money?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“Smart boy!” The other man nodded, pleased. “My men and I have to take care of trash like you every day. So we deserve that much, don’t we?” He rubbed his fingers greedily.
“Sorry. I don’t have any money.” Dustin shook his head. “You don’t have any money?” The well-dressed, portly man frowned and snapped, “Then write a letter to your family to ask for money! Your punishment will be lighter the more you pay.”
“I come from a poor family. We don’t have any money.” Dustin shrugged. “F**k, you’re just a hobo! What a waste of my time!” the well-dressed, portly man spat.
“Drag this f**ker out and give him 80 canes!”
“Hang on. Isn’t it supposed to be 50?” Dustin asked. “I’m in a bad mood, so I’m giving you another 30 lashes. Got something to say about it?” The well- dressed, portly man glared.
“Don’t you think that you’re taking things too far?” Dustin narrowed his eyes. “Are you telling me what to do?” The well-dressed, portly man sneered. “Fine, since 80 seems too little, make it 100! We won’t stop until you’re crippled.”
“Have you thought of the consequences of your actions?” Dustin asked calmly, “Pfft! Are you threatening me right now?” The well-dressed, portly man shot Dustin a scornful glare.
“It seems like you haven’t fully grasped the situation yet. I’m the king here, so I decide whether you get to live. If you pi ss me off, I’ll make your life a living h ell!”
He has seen countless people like Dustin, who arrived with ar rogant attitudes. However, with a few canes, they immediately submitted and became obedient.
“You’re just a prison officer. Where did you find the ba lls to make such bold claims?” Dustin.
sneered.
“Just a prison officer?” The portly man’s face hardened, and his blood boiled. “You don’t know
when to give up, eh? Men, drag him out and beat him up till he’s dead!”
“Wait!” Seeing the seriousness of the situation, the old man begged, “Sir, he’s new here and doesn’t know anything. Please spare him!”
He fished out a gold nugget from his pocket and offered it to the well-dressed, portly man.
“F**k off!” The well-dressed, portly man slapped the gold away and yelled, “That punk dared to challenge my authority. I must make an example out of him. If anyone tries to stop me, I’ll take it as an act of opposition! Grab him now!”
“Yes, sir!” The prison officers immediately opened the door to grab Dustin.
“You were too reckless! We’re no match for them!”
“He’s right. Everything would have been fine if you didn’t talk back to them. You’ll be ki lled if you defy their orders!”
Others expressed their sympathy, but there wasn’t much they could do.
Although the evillest of evils lived here, none of them dared to go against these guards. It wasn’t because they were no match for them.
Instead, they were too afraid to make a move as they were worried about getting caught by the skilled guards. If that happened, their lives would be utterly miserable.
“I’ll show you what life in h ell looks like!” The well-dressed, portly man seethed.
As soon as those words were spoken, bangs and crashes broke out as the prison officers who had barged into the cell flew out, and Dustin slowly walked out.
He went up to the well-dressed, portly man and fisted his collar. Frigidly, he asked, “What were you saying again?”
###Chapter 750 by Marina Vittori
Everyone was shocked by what just happened. The prison officers in Azkaban were far from ordinary. They were all powerful and highly skilled. Otherwise, they couldn’t stand up to the evil criminals inside.
No one would have expected that Dustin could have beaten these elite fighters up so quickly. It was truly frightening. Of course, more than shock, they felt fear.
There were all sorts of experts in Azkában, even Grandmaster martial artists. Beating up the prison officer would catch the mastermind’s attention. When that happened, the consequences would be unspeakable!
After returning to his senses, the well-dressed, portly man began yelling, “Punk, you really have big ba lls! How dare you touch me?!”
It wasn’t like nobody had challenged his authority before, but they had all ended up tortured to the brink of death.
“So what?” Dustin said with a calm expression. “For beating me, your punishment is now doubled! If you don’t stop right now, not even God can save you!” the man yelled.
“Young man, let go! Don’t make things worse!”
“The prison officer is no ordinary guard. You can’t afford to anger him. Hurry and beg for forgiveness!”
“All you suffered was some physical pain. You don’t have to dig your own grave!”
The others began to panic, trying their hardest to talk sense into Dustin.
Dustin would be in trouble if something happened to the portly man, and the rest of them would get dragged down with him.
Here, there was no such thing as law or justice. The warden had the final say.
Whether you lived or d ied was solely the warden’s decision.
“You hear that? Let go now, or I’ll k ll you!” the portly man said with a glare.
“You’re going to k ill me, so why should I let you go? Since I’ll d ie anyway, I should just k ill you,” Dustin said, smiling.
“Don’t you dare!” the portly man roared fiercely.
“I’m warning you. I’m the warden’s brother-in-law. If you harm a piece of hair on my head, not just you but all your friends, family, and everyone in this room will d ie!”
“Young man, you can’t beat them. While things haven’t completely reached the point of no return, you must stop before it’s too late! Or else, there will be a hor rible price to pay!” the older man, Cornelius, was beginning to worry.
“Even if I let him go, he won’t let things go. We might as well di e together,” Dustin said plainly.
Dustin’s unflinching attitude toward death frightened the well-dressed, portly man. For some reason, he began to feel nervous.
What was his life worth?
Was it worth exchanging it for the life of a death row convict?
“Sir, what happened today was just a misunderstanding. Why don’t we let bygones be bygones, for my sake?” Cornelius said.
“Hmph, since you spoke up, Mr. Adler, then I’ll spare his life this once!” the portly man said, using this opportunity to dig his way out.
His biggest fear was running into hotheads like Dustin.
They would want to fight to the death whenever things didn’t go their way. If he got ki lled, it would be a greater loss.
“Young man, the prison officer has chosen to forgive you. You can let go now,” Cornelius said.
“Alright.” Dustin nodded and relaxed his grip.
The portly man crashed to the ground.
At the exact moment Dustin turned his back, the portly man’s expression twisted into a hateful look.
“Di e!” He suddenly brandished a dagger and stabbed it into Dustin’s back.
There was only one outcome for someone who dared to challenge his authority in public-death
The dagger was rammed into Dustin’s back, but it didn’t even break the skin.
On the contrary, it snapped into two pieces from the sheer momentum.
“What?” Looking at the broken blade in his hand, the man was shocked.”
This was a treasured dagger that could slice through solid metal!
It was one thing not to be able to pierce the skin, but it even f**king broke.
Just what kind of monster was he?!
“Stubborn as always!” Dustin’s face turned icy, and he slapped the portly man.
###Chapter 751 by Marina Vittori
There was a crisp clap.The portly man’s face became disfigured from the force. His big body instantly flew dozens of feet away, crashing heavily into the jail cell. He immediately lost consciousness.His nose and mouth were off-center, his face was contorted, and he had even lost a few teeth.
He looked like an absolute mess.The others’ expressions changed when they saw the well-dressed, portly man lying on the floor like a log. “Oh no!”Although he wasn’t powerful, he was the warden’s actual brother-in-law.Hitting him was equivalent to insulting the warden. At this point, death would be a better option.“Young man, you’re really in trouble this time!”
Cornelius looked worried.“You-you-you psycho! Get it in your head-we’re the Shadow Gang, not the Loony Gang!” the bald, muscular man said in dismay.“We’re done for. Now that you’ve hit the prison officer, we’re all going down with you!”
Everyone was stricken with panic,They thought that they’d gotten an ordinary new member. They just didn’t expect that he was a bad luck magnet.Immediately after entering prison, he’d turned the whole place upside down.What a mess!“Don’t panic, everyone.
I’ll take responsibility for my actions.” After that, Dustin dusted his hands. off and returned to his cell.“Young man, I’m afraid you won’t be able to handle the consequences of what you’ve done today!” Cornelius shook his head.“Do you know who the warden of Azkaban is? He’s an extremely powerful Grandmaster martialartist and a sadist!“
Back then, he personally threw me into Azkaban and tortured me ruthlessly for seven days and nights!“In the end, he even put a lock in my shoulder blade and sealed my cultivation. He made me endure excruciating pain every single day.
“You haven’t experienced it before; you’ll never know how terrifying this person is. If you fall into. his hands, you’d wish you were dead!“If this place is h ell, then he is the fiercest, vilest demon!” After hearing this, everyone else couldn’t help but shudder.
The warden had a terrifying reputation. To them, he was the dictator who decided whether they lived or di ed.The deeply rooted fear was why they didn’t even dare think about protesting.It was because they all knew that if they did, they’d suffer a fate worse than death.That evening, in the back garden of the Fallonge estate, Scarlet was playing chess with her assistant general. She was dressed in a red tracksuit, and her hair was streaked with gray.
After a long game, Scarlet only had her King and two pawns left on the wh ite side of the chessboard.She was only one step away from defeat.“Madam, it’s your turn.” Across from her, Georgia was wearing a smile, sure of her victory.During training, Georgia usually got a good beating.
It was time she finally got even on the chessboard.She just needed one more move to win.“Checkmate!” Scarlet picked up her whi te King and knocked over the black one.
“You lose.”“What?” Georgia was confused. She cried, “Madam, the King can only move one square. That’s the rule!” “Other people’s Kings can’t, but mine can. Anyway, you lose,” Scarlet said seriously.“Madam, you’re cheating!” Georgia was getting heated.“There aren’t that many rules on the battlefield. I’m just improvising,” Scarlet insisted boldly.
“You…” Georgie wanted to cry, but there were no tears.It was one thing to cheat, but Scarlet even justified her cheating.“Madam…” At that moment, the other assistant general, Bridget, walked in and reported, “Madam,I just received word that we found the whereabouts of the person you’re looking for.”
“He’s been located? Where?” Scarlet jumped to her feet. Her normal cold expression was filledwith surprise-a rare sight for all.“In Azkaban!”
###Chapter 752 by Marina Vittori
In one of the studies in the Harmon estate, Natasha wrinkled her eyebrows in confusion. “Dad, are you really going to make Kate marry Tyler?”
Not too long ago, she suddenly heard the news that there would be a union between the Harmon family and the Grant family again..
And this time, the bride and groom of this marriage were Kate and Tyler.
“Although the Dark Lord is dead, the Grant family is still a huge thorn in our side. This time, they brought up marriage again and even selected Kate. I really couldn’t reject.” Hector shook his head.
“What did Uncle Trent say? Is he going to let his daughter jump into the fire pit?” Nathasha pressed further.
“That’s exactly the problem.” Hector let out a sigh.
“Your Uncle Trent and cousin readily agreed to the marriage. They also have the support of the family elders. I was not able to intervene.”
“What? They agreed?” Natasha was a bit taken aback.
“Don’t they know that the Grants have ulterior motives? They’re after something else!”
“I’ve already explained the pros and cons to them too, but I still couldn’t change their minds. If I attempt to stop them, the situation will blow up even bigger,” Hector said helplessly.
When he initially heard about this, he naturally protested. However, it was all in vain.
Trent and Kate wouldn’t listen; they even insisted it was for the family’s benefit.
In the end, the argument ended on a sour note.
“Hmph, Kate is such a gold-digger!” Natasha snorted.
“Does she think she’ll rise to the top and become the general’s lady once she marries Tyler? She’s far too naive!”
“Forget it. The final decision has been made; it would do no one any good to speak more about it. Let’s just begin preparations early.” Hector shook his head.
“I just wish that the two of them won’t become the Grant family’s pawn,” Natasha said, deep in thought.
For Tyler to swallow his pride and ask for marriage once again, it was clear that he wanted something.
It was better to have a real enemy than a fake ally. There would be trouble if they let the Grant family’s influence seep into the Harmon family.
“Natasha, something bad has happened!” Ruth suddenly threw the door open and burst in.
“I just heard that Dustin has been arrested!”
“Arrested? What happened?” Natasha was stunned.
“Apparently, he ki lled a man named Hank Hoffman, and the Nicholsons reported him,” Ruth said,
gasping for breath.
“The Nicholsons reported him?” Natasha frowned. “What is Dahlia doing? She can’t even protect a man!”
“Ruth, do you know where he’s locked up?” Hector asked.
“In Azkaban,” Ruth said truthfully.
“What? Azkaban?!” When Natasha heard this, color drained from her face.
Azkaban was where they locked up the most wicked felons. Not a single person who entered could walk out of there alive.
Just the name of the place was horrifying.
Hector quickly realized something was amiss. “That’s odd. Why did he get sent to Azkaban over the murder of an ordinary person? Could it be that someone planned this from the shadows?”
Even if someone committed a crime, there should have been an interrogation, a plea, and other procedures. Sending someone directly to Azkaban was obviously fishy.
“Azkaban is not a place for humans. I have to save him right away!” Natasha said, pacing back and forth anxiously.
“No one leaves Azkaban. There hasn’t been an exception to the rule over the past few decades. It would be challenging to rescue him. Hector wrinkled his eyebrows.
The mastermind behind this must be extremely influential to have been able to send Dustin to Azkaban so easily.
“I have to try no matter what!” Natasha clenched her jaw. She seemed to have decided something and immediately walked out the front door.
“Natasha, where are you going?” Hector shouted.
“I’m going to ask Grandfather for help!”
In the warden’s office in Azkaban, a middle-aged man with a potbelly was puffing on a cigar while reading the newspaper.
He propped both his legs up on the desk. He seemed leisurely and carefree.
This man was none other than the warden of Azkaban-Caius Roswell!
“Knock, knock…”
A prison officer knocked on the door before entering. He said, “Mr. Roswell, Lord Xenos’ adjutant, is here. He says he wants to see you.”
###Chapter 753 by Marina Vittori
“George’s adjutant? What is he doing here?” Caius was taken by surprise. “I don’t know,” the prison guard said, lowering his head. “Alright, let him in,” Caius said, gesturing.
“Yes,” the prison guard answered before leaving quickly. After a moment, he brought a man in a gray shirt in. “Hello, Mr. Roswell,” the man in the gray shirt greeted politely as soon as he entered.
He knew the man before him wasn’t just an ordinary warden; he was extremely powerful and had a wide network. Even his viceroy listened to him.
“What’s the matter?” Caius crossed his legs. “On order of Lord Xenos, I’d like to ask you to release a person.” The man in the gray shirt bowed his head.
“Release a person? Who?” Caius asked. A young man named Dustin Rhys,” the man replied without beating around the bush. “Dustin Rhys?” Caius narrowed his eyes.
“Sorry, but I can’t give him to you. No one walks out of Azkaban. This is a rule!”
“Mr. Roswell, I hope you can make an exception. After the deal is done, Lord Xenos will reward you handsomely.” The man smiled apologetically.
“Rules are rules. It’s not that I don’t want to, but I can’t disregard the rules of Azkaban. Go back and tell Lord Xenos that I’m sorry I can’t help,” Caius said indifferently.
“Mr. Roswell, rules are inflexible, but people aren’t…”
Before the man in gray could finish speaking, Caius interrupted him, “What, you’re asking me to break the rules knowingly? If this reached Oakvale, would you take accountability?”
“Well…” The man was at a loss for words. Within the borders of Millsburg, the viceroy indeed held the highest authority. However, Akzaban was governed by the Ministry of Penalties in Oakvale. Even the viceroy had no power.
Not to mention, there was no need to challenge the Ministry of Penalties for an outsider brazenly. At that moment, a prison officer suddenly ran in. He said urgently, “Sir, it’s bad! Outsiders have broken in’”
“Broken in?” Caius’ face darkened. “Who is brave enough to do a jailbreak here?!”
“It’s a very powerful woman. Our men outside can’t hold her off!” the prison guard-replied. “How useless! A gang of men can’t even defeat a woman. Send the eight aces out there!” Caius roared.
“Yes!” With that, the prison officer ran off. Less than three minutes later, a series of bangs were heard. A few holes suddenly appeared in the office ceiling. At the same time, a few figures suddenly dropped in from above, crashing heavily on the floor.
Instantly, the desks and chairs broke into pieces. Dust and debris flew everywhere.
“What?” Caius stared intently at the figures that landed in front of him.
To his surprise, they were the eight aces from Azkaban!
He tipped his head back and yelled, “Who is it?! Who dares wreak havoc on my territory?!”
Instantly, the terrifying aura of a Grandmaster radiated from his body.
Suddenly, a great gust howled, causing sand and pebbles to fly everywhere. The entire office began to shake.
“It’s me!” a woman’s crisp voice declared. A red silhouette fell from above and landed in front of Caius.
Two craters formed where her feet touched the floor.
“How dare you! I bet you’re-”
Just as Caius was about to lose his temper, he was slapped in the face before he could even react.
Caius soared through the air like a cannon had launched his entire body. He crashed into the \ wall, leaving behind a human-shaped indent.
The prison officer and the man in the gray shirt gaped, speechless at what they’d seen.
###Chapter 754 by Marina Vittori
“Well…” The man in the gray shirt and the prison officer were stunned by the sight of Caius plastered to the wall.
Never in a million dreams would they imagine that the almighty warden-a Grandmaster martial artist-would be sent flying with just a slap. Not to mention, he was even stuck on the wall. He couldn’t even get on.
This was simply too shocking! They turned their heads. The first thing that they saw was a beautiful woman. She had silver hair and wore a red tracksuit. On her back, her three-foot viridescent sword was trembling slightly.
She looked bold and majestic, like a Goddess of War! Especially those cold and ar rogant eyes that seemed to look down on everyone. They didn’t dare look right into her gaze.
“How dare you hit me? Do you not know who I am?!” When Caius returned to his senses, he was furious from the humiliation he had suffered. He had never been hit like that before, much less by a woman.
“Release Dustin,” Scarlet spat coldly. “You think I’ll release him just because you said so? Who do you think you are? Let me tell you-
Scarlet didn’t wait for Caius to finish speaking. She waved her hand and threw out a badge. With a “clang”, it stuck to the wall.
“What?” When Caius turned to look, his expression instantly changed. To his shock, that golden emblem was actually the Dark Panther Cavalry commander badge!
Wasn’t the commander of the Dark Panther Calvary none other than the famed Scarlet Warrior?!
No wonder she was so strong! It turned out the woman before him was one of the twin stars of the Spanner family, the unparalleled Goddess of War-Scarlet Spanner!
“My Lady, what are you doing here?” Caius forced an ug ly smile and gulped.
“Release him,” Scarlet was straight to the point.
“My Lady, this… this is against the rules!” Caius said, grimaced.
The sharp blade of the three-foot viridescent sword was pressed to Caius’ throat.
“Say that again?” Scarlet said coolly.
Caius swallowed. In the end, he choked back his words.
Scarlet had always been resolute and decisive. She never showed mercy.
Despite Caius’ power and status, even if she ki lled him, she would merely get a slap on the wrist from the royal family.
It wouldn’t hurt her much.
“My Lady, I can release him. But can I at least know why?” Caius asked. He had to settle for the next best option.
“Because you’ve captured Logan Rhys, the most important person to me,” Scarlet responded icily.
“Logan Ryhs?” Caius’ eyes widened. He was on the brink of tears.
“There’s no way. Is he that guy from the Rhys family?”
“Who else could it be?” Scarlet deadpanned.
It was a simple response, but Caius felt like he had been struck by lightning. He almost crumpled to the floor.
F**k! He was in deep sh it!
The two demons of Dragonmarsh to never cross were both here…
Meanwhile, Dustin was leaning against the wall in the underground prison. He closed his eyes and tried to get some rest alone.
In the cell, Cornelius and the others paced back and forth anxiously.
The prison officers and correctional officer laid unconscious outside.
Despite this, they were getting more and more nervous.
It was almost time for the changing of guards. The people who were beaten unconscious were about to be discovered.
When that happened, there was going to be a disaster.
“Mr. Adler, we can’t just keep waiting. Why don’t we try to break out of here?”
###Chapter 755 by Marina Vittori
The bald, muscular man had spoken out after a long moment of contemplation. Cornelius retorted impatiently, “Don’t be foo lish! There are formidable barriers and numerous expert fighters out there. We won’t stand a chance of escaping!”
When he was still powerful, he knew there wasn’t any possibility of them succeeding. Now that he was weakened, he knew it was just a far-fetched dream.
“Mr. Adler, we’ll di e anyway. Why not try our best to escape?” The bald, muscular man gritted his teeth and said, “I’ve thought about it. If we manage to take the correctional officer hostage, there might be hope for us to survive.”
“That’s right! We might stand a chance of escaping if we have a hostage.” Everyone else nodded in agreement.
Of course, it was impossible if it were just a regular prison officer. But the correctional officer was the warden’s brother-in-law. He would be their most powerful bargaining chip since he was important.
“No one has ever managed to escape from Azkaban, and the consequences for those who fail are something all of you should be well aware of. It better you abandon the idea.” Cornelius shook his
head.
“Then what should we do? Are we just going to sit here and wait for our deaths?” the bald, muscular man said with a mournful expression.
“We still might be able to reverse the situation, but I’m worried about this young man. I don’t know if he’ll be able to survive.” Cornelius looked at Dustin, leaning against the wall, and felt sorry for
him.
“How can this madman remain so calm when he created chaos as soon as he came in? I guess he hasn’t realized the gravity of the situation.” The bald, muscular man sighed and threw a dagger at Dustin, which landed by his feet.
“Hey, man, I truly admire your courage. Consider this knife a gift from me.”
“Thanks, but I don’t need it.” Dustin shook his head in response.
“Don’t worry. You’ll be needing it soon.” With a serious expression, he continued, “Trust me, once you realize that you can’t make it through, end your life with the knife. It’ll save you from more
suffering.”
Dustin was speechless. He thought the man had given him a weapon for self-defense. But as it
turned out, it was to k ill himself. How sweet of him.
“Someone’s coming!” Suddenly, a startled cry broke the silence.
When they looked up, they noticed a group of men rushing toward them from the end of the corridor. To their surprise, the one leading the group was none other than the warden himself- Caius Rosewell!
“S hit, the warden came personally. This is serious!” Cornelius’ expression turned to one of worry.
The rest of the group were similarly flustered and panicked. Azkaban’s warden was a prominent figure to them, and he controlled their fate.
“Hahahaha…” After seeing Caius, the well-dressed, portly guy suddenly sprung up, laughing devilishly.
“Brat, you’re dead meat! My brother-in-law is here. Not even the Emperor can save you now!”
“What the heck? This guy has been pretending to be unconscious all this time?” Everyone was shocked
“You bu nch of ba stards, I’ll report all of you for planning to escape!” With a cold smile, the well- dressed, portly man ran up to Caius and cried out, “Caius, these ba stards have acted out of line and even beat me up. You must stand up for me!”
“Oh, cra p, we’re done for!” Everyone broke out in cold sweat, and their faces grew pale as they took in the scene before them.
“Quick! Everyone bow down and apologize to the warden!” Cornelius yelled as he bowed. “Hurry!”
Everyone bowed in a neat row without hesitation, looking fearful. They had no other choice but to beg for mercy.
“Young man, what are you doing? Bow down!” Cornelius’ eyes darted frantically as he tried to signal Dustin.
“That’s right, surviving is all that matters now! If you admit your mistakes, you might still have a chance at living!”
“Stop trying to be brave! The warden controls our lives and holds absolute power here. If you don’t bow, you’ll be signing your death warrant!”
“Come on, bow down!”
Everyone began to persuade Dustin, trying to make a last-ditch attempt to save him.
“Caius, they beat me up. You-” The well-dressed, portly man had huffed and puffed as he rushed forward.
“Get lost!” But before he could complain, Caius kicked him to the ground and rushed up to Dustin. Amidst the prisoners’ shocked, bewildered, and fearful gazes, Caius bowed and greeted Dustin in a loud and respectful tone, “Your Grace, it’s an honor to meet you. I’m Caius Roswell, Azkaban’s warden.”
###Chapter 756 by Marina Vittori
The moment Caius bowed, everyone was stunned and stood frozen in place. They were all dumbfounded as their expressions filled with shock.
Unbelievable! The man before them was none other than Azkaban’s warden, a formidable martial arts grandmaster! He was a terrifying figure who held absolute authority over the fate of the prisoners.
It wasn’t an exaggeration to say the warden was revered like a God within the prison walls. His very presence commanded respect. The idea of such an authoritative and godlike figure kneeling before a prisoner seemed utterly impossible.
“C-Caius? Why are you bowing? Get up…” The well-dressed, portly man was the first to react. He quickly fushed to Caius’ side, attempting to help him up.
“F**k off!” Caius slapped him and lashed out, “Don’t drag me down into the grave you dug!”
“Huh?” The portly man slumped to the ground, his face ashen. Had he offended an incredibly influential figure? His brother-in-law disassociated himself from him without hesitation.
“Caius Roswell? Azkaban’s warden?” The sudden turn of events left Dustin confused. “I don’t think I know you.”
“You may not know me, but your esteemed reputation precedes you. What happened today has been a mistake, and I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive us, Your Grace.” Caius maintained his bow.
He was anxious and broke out in cold sweat. If the Prince of Theswe found out they were holding the Rhys family’s kirin in Azkaban, Caius knew he would face dire consequences. After all, the Prince of Theswe had a protective nature.
“You got the wrong person. I’m not someone of noble rank.” Dustin responded stoically. He could tell Caius was fearful of the Rhys family’s influence.
“Right, right. My mistake. It was a slip of the tongue. I should have addressed you as Sir Rhys.” Caius nodded and smiled apologetically.
Caius’ fearful and servile demeanor left Cornelius and the rest of the prisoners dumbstruck. The formidable and merciless warden of Azkaban now appeared like a mere servant.
“Oh my God! Who the hel l is this young man? He actually made the warden bow before him.”
“Who knows? But he’s definitely someone with a formidable background!”
“I can’t believe our Shadow Gang managed to recruit such a formidable figure. It’s hard to tell if it’s a blessing or a curse.”
Everyone looked at Dustin differently. At first, they thought he was just another new prisoner. They taught him the rules, bragged, and even played the role of a boss.
Who would have thought this seemingly ordinary young man had such a formidable presence?
Even the warden of Azkaban had to show him deference.
“I misjudged him!” Cornelius swallowed. He recalled how he had wanted Dustin to bow before Caius. But their roles were remarkably reversed instead.
“Oh, Sir Rhys, by the way, someone is waiting for you outside. Why don’t I escort you out? It’s dirt y and sm elly here. It certainly doesn’t befit your status,” Caius suddenly changed the subject. “Someone is waiting for me? Who?” Dustin was curious. It had to be someone extraordinary if they could help him out of Azkaban.
Caius kept him in the dark instead of giving a direct answer. “You’ll find out when you get out.” “Let’s go.” Dustin nodded. He had just taken two steps forward before stopping abruptly.
He looked back at Cornelius and the rest of the group. Then, he said, “These people are my friends. They’re not exactly bad people. Can you release them?”
###Chapter 757 by Marina Vittori
“Of course! Since they are your friends, they must be righteous people!” Caius flattered Dustin. Then, he waved his hand and ordered, “Release them!”
One after the other, the chains made of darksteel were unshackled. It seemed like a dream. Everyone was in disbelief.
They had thought they would spend their entire lives trapped in Azkaban. They never imagined that they would see the light of day again. The prisoners felt extremely fortunate.
“Thank you very much, Mr. Roswell!” Cornelius and the rest of the group thanked him. “You should be thanking Sir Rhys.” Caius played smart. “Thank you very much, Sir Rhys!”
They bowed down profoundly. Tears of happiness welled up in their eyes. At that moment, Dustin was their savior.
“I’m a part of the Shadow Gang, after all. I can’t just leave all of you here to suffer. Let’s go out together.” With a gentle smile, Dustin confidently strode out of Azkaban.
They had only spent a short time together, but Dustin could tell they were people with good hearts. They only ki lled those who deserved it.
For that reason, he decided to help them. The cells in Azkaban were situated underground, so Dustin followed Caius. They stepped into the elevator.
It was already evening when they reached the surface. With the sun setting slowly, the sky was covered in hues of fiery red.
Dustin squinted and took a deep breath before stepping out from behind the iron gates. He took only a few steps when a mesmerizing figure caught his eye.
The iconic silver hair, red attire, three-foot viridescent sword, and a naturally cold yet captivatingly beautiful face left Dustin stunned. Memories from his past flooded his mind.
“Who is that woman? She looks so charming!”
“Lower your voice. Can’t you see the badge on her shoulder? She’s a general!”
“No, she’s not a general. That’s the God of War badge!”
“What? A female God of War? Does such a person exist in Dragonmarsh?”
“Oh my God! Could that be the famous Scarlet Warrior?”
As word spread, the scene erupted into a commotion. The prisoners who had just walked out of Azkaban almost fell to their knees.
As Dragonmarsh’s only Goddess of War, her reputation had spread far and wide. She was an enemy of many on the battlefield and stood at the pinnacle of the world!
She was a remarkable woman who had almost all men at her feet. With such excellence, it was difficult to find someone worthy of her in the entire world.
“Logan!” Scarlet’s eyes lit up when she spotted Dustin.
In an instant, her previously cold and ar rogant demeanor melted away. She eagerly rushed toward him.
To everyone’s surprise and disbelief, she threw herself into Dustin’s arm. She did it so strongly that Dustin took a few steps back.
“Logan, I finally found you!” Scarlet’s eyes were reddish as she clung tightly to Dustin. She was afraid that he might disappear in the next second.
Ten years. She had been looking for him for ten years and had never thought of giving up. Today, by some stroke of luck, she finally met the person she had been yearning for all this time.
“Long time no see, kid.” Dustin reached out and ruffled her hair. His expression was filled with gentle affection.
“What?” Cornelius and the rest of the group stood, utterly frozen, as they took in their close interaction.
Who on earth was this guy to make Azkaban’s formidable warden bow down to him? He was also able to hold the esteemed Scarlet Warrier in a tight hug?
###Chapter 758 by Marina Vittori
Their intimate behavior shocked everyone present. It wasn’t just the recently released prisoners who were taken aback. Even two of Scarlet’s deputy generals, Georgia and Bridget, were left dumbfounded.
The Goddess of War they knew was decisive and ruthless. No matter who she was fa ced with, she always wore a cold and aloof expression. She was terrifying when angry. No one was able to stand in her way.
Usually, any man who dared to touch her would risk losing a few limbs. But, even though she was being patted on the head in public right now, she wasn’t furious. Instead, she was smiling in genuine joy.
If they hadn’t seen it with their own eyes, they would have never believed their general had a tender and gentle side to her. Was she still the fearsome and unapproachable Goddess of war they knew?
“Logan, have you been well these years?” Scarlet felt a multitude of emotions as she took in the familiar face before her.
They hadn’t seen each other in ten years. The once magnificent and peerless kirin has had his edges smoothed away.
He had lost his youthful arrogance, sharp gaze, and distinctive temperament. He now appeared profound and mature.
But no matter how he changed, he would always be the same old Logan to her. The most important person in her heart.
“I’m doing great. I now live a relaxed life without burden nor politics.” Dustin replied with a smile,
After ten years, the cry baby who once followed him everywhere had grown into a graceful and elegant woman. She had even become Dragonmarsh’s Goddess of War. A person everyone looked up to.
“Logan, why have you never contacted me? Even Adam knows about your whereabouts, but not me. You’re too much!” Scarlet’s gaze betrayed a hint of resentment.
“That can’t be. I asked Adam to contact you a while back. Hasn’t he said anything?”
When Dustin feigned surprise, Scarlet’s expression darkened. Her brow furrowed deeply. An icy, murderous gaze flickered in her eyes.
Even the three-foot viridescent sword she carried behind her back seemed to vibrate. It sent a cold chill down the spines of those around them.
“That da mned Adam! How dare he get in the way. When I return to Oakvale, I will definitely break three of his limbs!” Scarlet’s expression was filled with fiery vengeance.
“He’s still your brother. Don’t go too harsh on him. Two limbs should be enough.” Dustin grinned, playfully enjoying the situation.
“Alright!” Scarlet nodded seriously. Sparing one limb for him to keep the next generation going
was already a kind act from her.
“Where are you living now, kid?” Dustin suddenly thought of something. He quickly changed the subject.
“I’m staying at Fallonge estate. Why?” Scarlet was surprised.
“Head back with your people first. I have something to deal with. I’ll see you tomorrow after I’m done,” Dustin said.
“Logan, you won’t suddenly disappear again, will you?” Scarlet was reluctant to leave.
Ten years ago, he disappeared mysteriously and had been missing ever since. That incident had left her traumatized.
“Of course not,” Dustin replied with a smile. “Don’t worry. I’ll make sure to visit you tomorrow.”
“Okay then, I’ll head back first. Don’t forget your promise.” Scarlet waved. She took a few steps away before turning back to look at Dustin. She repeated this a couple of times before finally leaving.
As Dustin watched her ride away, the smile on his face slowly faded.
“Mr. Roswell, may I know who used Azkaban’s authority to send me inside?” Dustin suddenly asked.
Caius trembled from the shock. He shook his head repeatedly. “Sir Rhys, this has nothing to do with me. I swear, I don’t know anything about it!”
###Chapter 759 by Marina Vittori
“There’s no need to be nervous. I know it has nothing to do with you, but your men have a hand in it” Dustin emphasized.
“I understand. I’ll investigate it immediately. Please hold on!” Caius took action right away.
Soon after, he dragged the well-dressed, portly man before Dustin. The man was covered in bruises
“Sir Rhys, he’s behind this incident. You can ki ll him or torture him in any way you wish. If you don’t wish to get your hands di rty, I’ll do it for you.
“Sir Rhys, don’t kil l me. It has nothing to do with me. Someone offered me money to detain you. Please spare my life!” The portly man panicked. He knelt on the floor, bowing down repeatedly. He bowed so hard that his head began to bleed from the impact.
“Who gave you the order?” Dustin questioned.
“The Killians… It was Gavin Killian!” the portly man confessed hastily.
“It really was him.” Dustin narrowed his eyes. His suspicions had been confirmed.
“Mr. Roswell, please arrange a ride for me,” Dustin requested.
“No problem. Where would you like to go, Sir Rhys?” Caius asked with his head lowered.
“Viridian Hotel,” Dustin said.
“Right away!” Caius waved his hand as a signal, and a military jeep arrived immediately.
“By the way, Mr. Adler,” Dustin suddenly looked back at the skinny old man. “If you have nowhere to go, seek out Nelson Horst from the Kirin Gang. He’ll take care of your needs.”
“Thank you, Sir Rhys!” Everyone bowed deeply upon hearing Dustin’s words, expressing their respect for him.
Dustin nodded in acknowledgment. Without another word, he swiftly left in the car. Since Gavin had made a move against him, he naturally had to respond in kind.
Night fell quickly. A group of high-ranking officials was gathered inside the banquet hall of Viridian Hotel. They were immersed in the pleasures of drinking and conversation.
On the second floor, Gavin leaned against the railing with a wine glass in hand. He gazed down upon the guests passing by with an air of superiority.
A handsome and dignified man stood beside him. It was none other than Tyler Grant.
“Tyler, I’ve taken care of the task you entrusted to me. That Dustin brat won’t be seeing the light of day ever again,” Gavin said with a sly smile.
“Thanks, Gavin.” Tyler nodded slightly and raised his glass, clinking it with Gavin’s. Having similar backgrounds and being of the same age, the two were considered colleagues. They developed a strong friendship over time.
“Tyler, dealing with that brat should have been a piece of cake, given your influence. Why bother going through so much trouble?” Gavin was perplexed.
“I could easily ki ll him if I wanted to. But that would be boring. Let’s keep him alive for a while and have some fun.” Tyler brought his glass to his lips and took a sip.
Although Dustin seemed insignificant, he could play a crucial role when needed. For example, he had a hold on Natasha.
“Forget about it. He’s not worth mentioning.” Gavin waved his hand dismissively and continued with a smirk, “Oh, by the way, I came across a remarkably beautiful lady recently. Once I get my hands on her, do you want in on the fun?”
“Oh? What kind of woman has caught your attention?” Tyler expressed his surprise.
“She’s from the Glenstead Nicholsons’. I guess you could consider her a young lady from a wealthy background.
As Gavin spoke, his eyes suddenly shifted toward the entrance. “There she is,” he said as a wicked smile played on his lips.
###Chapter 760 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia was seen walking into the banquet hall slowly, dressed in a black evening gown. She stood out among the crowd, looking beautiful with her tall stature and poise.
The moment she entered, she captured the attention of most people. There were looks of astonishment, delight, envy, and admiration. Some looks were even filled with desire.
“Dahlia, I shouldn’t have come with you. I put so much time and effort into my look, but everyone’s attention is on you. It’s like I don’t exist.” Julie looked upset. She expressed her frustration in a hushed tone. Hoping to catch the attention of prominent officials at the party, she meticulously planned her makeover.
She also spent a fortune on her outfit. Her gown cost a hundred thousand dollars, while her jewelry was worth millions. Yet, she had become Dahlia’s accessory as she stood beside her, going unnoticed.
Julie wasn’t u gly, but Dahlia was just too pretty. Dahlia overshadowed all women. It seemed like only Natasha could rival her in the whole of Millsburg.
“Ms. Nicholson, you’re here.” Suddenly, the crowd dispersed. And Gavin, dressed in a wh ite dapper suit, walked up to her with a smile. “Mr. Killian.” Dahlia nodded slightly.
“Ms. Nicholson, your beauty is incomparable today,” Gavin flattered.
“Thank you, Mr. Killian.” Dahlia smiled politely. “What about me, Mr. Killian? Aren’t I beautiful too?” Julie suddenly asked, showing off her figure.
“Of course you are. Both of you are.” Gavin smiled as he nodded. Julie chuckled in response, acting shy. “Thank you, Mr. Killian.”
While they continued their conversation, a prideful man and a flirtatious woman walked through the doors. It was Julian Nicholson and his date.
“Hey, Mr. Killian!” When Julian saw Gavin, he led his date toward him. He was about to give Gavin a compliment when he noticed Dahlia and swallowed his words. He had thought of sending a girl to Gavin for his pleasure, but it seemed like it was not the right time.
“Why are you here?” Julie asked, looking slightly upset.
“I’m here to attend Mr. Killian’s party, of course.” He then turned his attention to Dahlia and said, Oh, right, I forgot to mention. I saw Dustin caught by law enforcers today at the hospital’s entrance.”
“Caught?” Dahlia frowned. “What happened?” “I heard he was charged with murder. He’s been sent to Azkaban,” Julian said with a smile.
“Azkaban? That can’t be!” Dahlia’s expression shifted upon hearing him. It was a well-known fact that Azkaban was no ordinary prison. It was the scariest prison with the tightest security in the whole of Balerno, holding the most sinister criminals. Once someone was sent in, they could never come out.
“You must have been mistaken. Why would Dustin be sent to Azkaban?” Julie was perplexed.
“I saw it with my own eyes. How could I have been mistaken?” Julian smiled ambiguously. “That brat has done so much wrong and has no respect for anyone. He finally got what he deserved.” “Could it be related to Hank’s death?”
###Chapter 761 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia frowned deeply, her face full of worry. “That won’t do. I need to save him!” She turned around as if ready to leave the party immediately.
“Dahlia!” Julie grabbed her arm and tried to reason with her, “Just how are you going to help? Azkaban has the tightest security there is. No one is able to leave after getting in. If you try anything recklessly, you might get into trouble yourself!”
“What should I do then? I can’t just let him face those charges.” Dahlia was anxious. She was aware that Azkaban was a dangerous place. The longer someone stayed there, the more they would suffer.
“Don’t worry just yet. Isn’t Mr. Killian here?” Julie turned her attention toward Gavin and said, “Mr. Killian has wide connections and is a prominent figure. It should be easy for him to get someone released from Azkaban.”
“Mr. Killian?” Dahlia’s gaze landed on Gavin, full of hope. “Azkaban is considered a no man’s land. Even the military doesn’t have a say in that area.” Gavin rubbed his chin, looking troubled.
“Mr. Killian, I’ll do anything as long as you can help!” Dahlia said seriously. “Since you put it that way, I suppose I should try something,” Gavin replied, putting on a hesitating front.
He then nodded. “Alright, I’ll give it a shot, but I can’t promise he’ll be released. You know very well that Azkaban is no ordinary prison. Getting someone out is immensely challenging.”
“I’ll be forever thankful for your help, regardless of the outcome!” Dahlia was extremely grateful.
“No need to thank me. Just consider it a favor among friends.” Gavin smiled and called for one of his men. He whispered something into the man’s ear, and after a brief acknowledgement, the man. swiftly departed.
“My men will talk to the warden. Even if he’s not released, your friend will likely face less suffering with me backing him.” Gavin appeared confident. Even though he knew he couldn’t save
Dustin, he wanted to gain some leverage to ask for a favor.
“Thank you so much, Mr. Killian!” Dahlia thanked him. She was very grateful.
“Don’t mention it.” Gavin quickly helped her up and smiled. “Ms. Nicholson, this song is beautiful. May I have the pleasure of this dance with you?”
“I… “Dahlia froze. She wasn’t in the mood for a dance when Dustin was in danger. However, she found it hard to refuse when fac ed with his extended arm.
Since she had just asked for a favor, she was left with no choice and nodded reluctantly.
As the music swelled, more couples joined the dance floor. But all eyes were on Dahlia and Gavin.
They looked like a pair perfectly matched, their presence charming. Although many women in
the room felt jealous, they had to admit that Dahlia’s beauty perfectly complemented Gavin’s
handsome features.
Just as the atmosphere was getting livelier, the door was kicked open with a loud bang. Dustin. strode in formidably. Although he didn’t give off a domineering air, the crowd naturally made way for him as he walked past.
“Huh?” Dahlia looked over. Her joy was evident upon seeing Dustin.
She suddenly felt conscious and let go of Gavin’s hand, putting some distance between them. Dustin noticed her guilty movements and furrowed his brow.
Their gazes met. One radiated warmth, while the other emanated a cold intensity.
###Chapter 762 by Marina Vittori
Julian was surprised when he saw Dustin walking through the doors. “No way, they released him that early?” Julian had thought Gavin was just joking. He didn’t expect him to actually send someone to get Dustin out.
The problem was Gavin had used his connections to send Dustin to prison. And now Dustin was somehow released. It seemed like some kind of joke. Even if he wanted to impress the ladies, he didn’t have to make it that complicated.
“That’s weird. How did he get out?” Gavin frowned slightly, equally astonished. He knew very well that he never instructed his men to contact Azkaban’s warden.
The timing didn’t add up, either. Dustin must have been released much earlier. The most puzzling aspect was that Azkaban was notorious for being a one-way journey.
How could someone so insignificant manage to escape? Did a powerful figure help him out?
“Mr Killian, you’re incredible! You got Dustin released with just a simple call.” Julie gave him a thumbs up, her expression filled with respect. She realized she had underestimated his influence if he could get someone released that easily from Azkaban.
Dahlia was overjoyed. “Thank you, Mr. Killian!”
“I-It’s nothing. It took no effort.” Gavin forced a smile. Even though he was confused, he wasn’t about to contradict himself.
“Dustin, I heard you were sent to Azkaban. How are you? You aren’t hurt, are you?” After thanking Gavin, Dahlia rushed up to Dustin.
“Seems like you got word.” Dustin looked stoic.
“I just found out too. Thankfully, Mr. Killian helped out and had you released. Otherwise, you would still have been inside,” Dahlia said, looking happy.
“Mr. Killian helped out?” Dustin laughed. Gavin was the one who sent him inside, yet he had turned into his savior? It was absolutely laughable.
“Dustin, hurry up and come with me. We need to go and thank Mr. Killian.” Dahlia quickly walked up to Gavin. She pulled Dustin behind her.
Dustin raised his head slightly, giving off an air of arrogance.
“Dustin, congratulations on your release. Feel free to eat your fill here tonight. Take it as my congratulatory meal for you.” Gavin said with a smirk.
“What are you doing still standing there?” Dahlia signaled Dustin, trying to get him to
acknowledge Gavin’s efforts.
“Dustin, it wasn’t easy for Gavin to get you released. You’re so rude for staying silent.” Julie was upset.
“That’s right. You would have died in there if it wasn’t for Mr. Killian. You should at least show
some gratitude.” Julian gave him a look of disdain.
“You want me to show some gratitude? Sure…” Dustin nodded and raised his hand. He delivered a sharp, resounding slap across Gavin’s face.
Gavin wasn’t the only person stunned. Dahlia, Julie, and Julian were all stunned. Even the guests present were stunned.
Nobody expected Dustin to resort to violence. The incident happened without provocation, and the sudden slap left everyone dumbfounded.
“Dustin! Have you gone mad? Why did you hit him?” It took Dahlia a while to register shock. She intended for Dustin to thank Gavin, but who would have thought he would slap Gavin instead? He was too much!
“Fuck! Is there something wrong with this guy? How dare he hit Mr. Killian?” Julian widened his eyes in disbelief.
###Chapter 763 by Marina Vittori
Gavin Killian was the young master of the Killians from Oakvale. He was also a military general who had an enormous influence in Millsburg. Dustin could lose his life for raising a hand against such a prominent figure.
“Dustin, you ungrateful brat! Mr. Killian should have just let you rot in Azkaban!” Julie was furious at Dustin for repaying Gavin’s kindness with enmity.
“How bold. Do you know the consequences of hitting me?” Gavin rubbed his burning cheek as his expression grew dark. He had never been slapped in public, ever.
“So what if I hit you? You imprisoned me. That was a well-deserved slap,” Dustin spat out coldly. Dahlia frowned. “Nonsense. It was clearly Mr. Killian who saved you!”
“He saved me? Hah!” Dustin scoffed. “He was the one who put me in there. I wouldn’t have ended up inside if it wasn’t for his scheming.”
“I don’t understand what you mean.” Gavin narrowed his eyes.
“Do you not understand, or are you pretending not to?” Dustin sneered. “Did you think your plan would succeed just by sending me to Azkaban? Well, sorry to disappoint, but I’m out now. And I’m going to make you pay for it.”
“Are you even worthy of that?” Gavin’s expression was frosty. “Out of courtesy toward Ms. Nicholson, I won’t make a big deal out of this. Apologize right now. And I might just let you go.
Dahlia was moved by his speech. It was rare for someone to be benevolent after being slapped for
no reason.
“Dustin, stop it. Hurry up and apologize!” Dahlia said sternly.
“You want me to apologize to him for sending me to Azkaban? Dream on,” Dustin said with a frosty tone.
“I don’t know where you heard those rumors. But I believe Mr. Killian is not that type of person!” Dahlia was serious.
“He’s not that kind of person?” Dustin snorted. “You just met him. Do you really know him? How would you know what he’s really thinking?”
“Stop being unreasonable!” Dahlia was getting upset. She saw how Gavin had instructed his men to help with Dustin’s release from Azkaban. However, instead of being grateful, Dustin bit the hand that fed him. He was absolutely clueless!
“I’m being unreasonable?” Dustin’s expression grew colder by the second. “Dahlia, I’m saying this again. Gavin was the one who sent me to Azkaban. He’s a total hypocrite!”
“Nonsense!” Dahlia was simmering in anger as she yelled, “It’s fine if you won’t be grateful. But why accuse him of something he’s not?”
Dustin’s brows furrowed slightly. “I’m accusing him? You think I’m lying? You’d rather believe him and not me?”
They went through so much together. He couldn’t understand how their three-year relationship
1/2
was reduced to nothing before an outsider.
“I only believe what I see!” Dahlia retorted.
“And what you see is the absolute truth?”
“Of course!”
“Fine, then answer me. What were you doing being so chummy with Gavin?”
“We were just dancing.”
“Dancing? Hah! You only met him today, yet you’re already that close to him? I guess you’ll be in his bed in a few more days of getting to know him!” Dustin mocked.
“You-” Dahlia was exasperated. She only agreed to the dance because Gavin agreed to save him. Why else would she subject herself to such a situation?.
“Enough. I’m not going to argue with you. We’ll discuss this another time. But today, I’m going to beat him up!” Dustin took two steps forward before landing a forceful kick to Gavin’s stomach.
Gavin groaned as he crumpled to the ground.
“Stop it!” Dahlia’s expression shifted. She quickly stood in front of Gavin. “Dustin! Are you crazy? Do you know what you just did?”
“Move!” Dustin pushed Dahlia away before aiming another kick at Gavin.
“I told you to stop!” Dahlia turned anxious and slapped Dustin hard on the face. It left him stunned in place.
###Chapter 764 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Dustin touched his burning cheek. He looked at Dahlia in disbelief. He never imagined she would slap him in public for the sake of someone she had just met. It felt like a stab to his heart.
“I …” Dahlia was at a loss for words as she looked at her hand. Regret had filled her immediately after the act. The situation was urgent, and she had acted on impulse. Gavin was a powerful general in the army, and Dustin would have faced dire consequences if he had hurt him.
“You actually hit me?” Dustin furrowed his brow. “You hit me for a stranger?” “Dustin, calm down. I did it for your own good,” Dahlia tried to explain. “Calm down?” Dustin’s lips formed into a wry smile. His disappointment was evident in his eyes.
“Dahlia Nicholson, how am I supposed to calm down? I made myself very clear. Gavin set me up and is playing the good guy in front of you. Can you please open up your eyes and look clearly?” Dahlia’s frown deepened. “Enough! Mr. Killian is a righteous person. He couldn’t possibly do such a thing!”
Gavin saved her when she was ambushed this morning. He also gifted her a precious Panax root when he found out Regulus was sick. He even ordered his men to get Dustin released after he was sent to Azkaban.
With such a warm and caring nature, how could he possibly be a bad person?
“So, you still don’t believe me.” Dustin chuckled. “It has always been like this. You’ve never fully trusted me. I thought you changed, but I realize now that I was too naive.”
“Dustin, we’ll discuss this when we get back. But don’t do anything foolish today!” Dahlia’s expression was solemn.
“We aren’t going back.” Dustin shook his head, and his gaze grew frosty. “Dahlia, I don’t think we are meant for each other. You’ve climbed up the social ladder anyway, and you don’t need to bother with someone like me anymore. Let’s part ways amicably. I wish you happiness.”
With that, he turned around and left. His heart had been torn apart too many times now.
Gavin’s lips curled up into an amusing smile. He didn’t retaliate earlier just to watch the unfolding drama. It was far more entertaining than getting into a fight with Dustin.
“Dustin, let me explain… ” Dahlia panicked after she returned to her senses. She was about to go after him when Julie held her back.
“Dahlia, why bother with him? He’s clearly an ungrateful brat. He even resorted to violence. We shouldn’t indulge him!”
“But…” Dahlia hesitated, feeling distressed and confused. She was at a loss for a moment.
She never expected things to escalate to this point. Dustin’s gaze as he left sent a chill down her spine. It was as if the distance between them was growing wider.
1/2
“Stop right there! Do you think you can just walk away after hitting someone?” Just before Dustin stepped out the door, a few security guards blocked his way. They glared at him fiercely.
Naturally, they couldn’t ignore the situation after they witnessed Gavin being attacked.
“Get lost,” Dustin spat out.
“How dare you!”
“Take him down!” The security guards got angry and brandished their batons, ready to strike. “I said, get lost!” Dustin raised a palm and delivered a series of slaps, sending the security personnel sprawling on the ground. They bled from their mouths and noses, unable to get up. “Just look at that, Dahlia! This guy is a violent maniac, resorting to violence without a second thought. He’s gone too far!” Julie added fuel to the fire.
“Hmph! He’s nothing but a mad dog that bites anyone he sees.” Julian sneered.
Dahlia furrowed her brows deeply, her heart in turmoil.
“You insolent bastard!”
“Arrest him!”
###Chapter 765 by Marina Vittori
At that moment, a group of heavily armed soldiers stormed into the hall. They carried loaded guns and exuded a menacing posture.
They had Dustin surrounded as soon as they entered, pointing their barrels directly at him. Ready to shoot on command.
“Mr. Killian, don’t hurt him!” Dahlia cried out. “Since Ms. Nicholson has spoken, naturally, I’d have to give in.” Gavin smiled as he wiped the blood off the corners of his lips. He waved dismissively. “Back off, let him go.
“Yes, sir!” The soldiers answered and dispersed into two teams. Their movements were organized, and they were clearly well-trained.
Dustin turned around and glanced coldly at them before walking straight out the door. When he left the hotel, a light drizzle started to fall. The cold wind brought a chill, mirroring his current emotions.
At that moment, a silver Bently screeched to a stop at the entrance. Natasha got out of the car, her expression evident with joy.
“Dear, are you all right? I was so scared when I heard you were sent to Azkaban. I contacted all my connections to get you out. I even asked my grandpa for help. When he called the warden, he was told you were already released.
“Why didn’t you tell me you were out already? You left me worried for so long. How are you? Are you injured? Should we go to the hospital?” As soon as they met, Natasha released a torrent of words filled with worry and concern.
“I’m fine. I just went in for a walk.” Dustin forced a smile.
“That’s a relief…” Natasha smiled back. She was about to relax when she noticed the
unmistakable red handprint on Dustin’s cheek.
“Who did this?” Natasha’s expression darkened instantly.
“Dustin-” Suddenly, Dahlia was seen rushing out after Dustin. She was about to explain when she noticed Natasha beside him and swallowed back her words.
“Why did you come out? Go back to Mr. Killian,” Dustin spat out coldly.
“Dustin, can we sit down and talk?” Dahlia had a troubled expression.
“I don’t think there’s anything for us to talk about. I’ve already said my piece. Since you don’t
believe me, then forget it.” Dustin said no more and got in the car.
“Dustin!” Dahlia instinctively tried to follow after him but was stopped by Natasha.
She questioned her coldly, “Were you the one who gave him the red mark?”
“The situation was complicated…” Dahlia tried to explain, but Natasha cut her off coldly.
She yelled, “Cut the crap. Did you hit him or not?”
“Yes.” Dahlia nodded.
1/2
Without another word, Natasha slapped Dahlia hard on the cheek. Even Dustin was taken aback as Dahlia staggered back from the force.
“Dahlia Nicholson! I’m warning you, this is the last time! You don’t have to like him, but you can’t hurt him! You know deep down how well he’s treated you all these years. Isn’t it enough? He just hasn’t ripped his heart out for you.
“If you won’t cherish him, I will! If you won’t like him, I will! From now on, Dustin is my man! I don’t care how stubborn you are normally, but if you hit my man again, I won’t let you get away
with it!” Natasha had an imposing presence, and her words were aggressive. She appeared like a domineering queen.
###Chapter 766 by Marina Vittori
Natasha was seething with rage. She knew how sincere Dustin’s feelings were for Dahlia. It even made her envious.
But Dahlia not only took it for granted, she also resorted to violence. How could she be so foolish? Natasha had reached her limit today. Dahlia could raise her hand against anyone but her man. “Forget it, Natasha. Let’s go. I have nothing else to say,” Dustin said impassively.
“Hmph! Reflect on your actions!” Natasha sneered and got in the car before speeding away.
“How did it come to this? How?” Dahlia muttered to herself as she watched the tail lights disappear. She was lost and disoriented.
Although she acted impulsively earlier, she was just preventing Dustin from making another big mistake. Why did nobody understand her? What exactly did she do wrong?
“Dahlia, what are you doing out here? It’s cold. Let’s go back in.” Julie had rushed out after her. She wrapped a coat around her to keep her warm.
“Julie, do you think I was wrong?” Dahlia asked, still looking lost.
“Of course not! It’s all Dustin’s fault!” Julie said with righteous indignation, “Gavin clearly saved him. He’s not only ungrateful, but he even resorted to violence. He doesn’t have a heart!” “Dustin isn’t usually like that. Why was he so different today?” Dahlia couldn’t understand. “Why else? He was jealous, of course!” Julie explained seriously, “Gavin comes from a wealthy family in Oakvale. He has power and authority. Plus, he’s good-looking. Dustin clearly envies him and feels hatred for him. Not to mention he saw you dancing with him. He must have been furious. That’s why he hit him.”
Dahlia fell silent after hearing Julie’s explanation. She didn’t know who to trust anymore. Her mind was a mess, and her heart felt empty. It was as if she lost something precious.
Even though she hated to admit it, she had inadvertently pushed Dustin toward Natasha. While she and Dustin grew more distant in the process.
Meanwhile, in the car, Natasha couldn’t contain her curiosity any longer. “What happened between you and Dahlia? Why did she hit you?”
“It’s almost comical to discuss.” Dustin chuckled and briefly explained the situation to Natasha. As Natasha listened, her expression turned cold. She cried out in fury, “She’s too much! How can she hit you because of someone she just met? What a wench!”
She had always thought of Dahlia as a candid person. It turned out that she was just foolish. How could she not see Dustin’s true character after all this time? She’d rather believe a stranger than him.
To Natasha, Dahlia was the most foolish woman ever.
“Forget it. It’s all in the past now. Let’s not bring it up anymore.” Dustin shook his head.
Their conflict started from Dahlia’s lack of trust and Gavin’s scheming. Gavin portrayed himself as the hero, saving the damsel in distress. He offered his timely help and appeared righteous. It made his act quite convincing.
But if Dahlia had fully trusted Dustin, this situation wouldn’t have happened either. In the end, a rift still existed between them.
“Does it still hurt?” Natasha asked tenderly.
###Chapter 767 by Marina Vittori
The red handprint on Dustin’s cheek hadn’t faded away. Dustin smiled as he replied, “No.”
“Your cheek might not be hurting,’ but your heart is hurting, right?” Natasha raised an eyebrow.” Since it’s come to this, you should just let her go. Why torture yourself like that? I’ll take care of you instead. Wouldn’t that be great?”
“I’m a grown man. I can’t just rely on a woman for a living, don’t you think?” Dustin scratched his head.
“So what if you rely on a woman for a living? That takes skill too!” Natasha extended a slender finger and raised Dustin’s chin.
She smirked and teased, “Besides, with your looks, it’d be a waste not to rely on a woman. You’re just my type. Why don’t you clean yourself up tonight and warm up my bed?
The corners of Dustin’s lips twitched Why did it feel like a pervert was flirting with him?
“How about it? Have you made up your mind? Are we going to your place or mine?” Natasha smiled at him seductively. Dustin wanted so badly to taste her rosy lips.
“Are you for real?” Dustin’s expression betrayed his surprise.
“Did you think I was joking? Do you dare take me up on it?” Natasha maintained her enchanting/ smile and lifted the corner of her dress slightly, revealing her black pantyhose covering her thigh. “Look, I’m all ready. As soon as you agree, I promise to make you feel special tonight.”
Dustin swallowed nervously. Natasha possessed a gorgeous face and a seductive figure. Her slim waist, curvaceous hips, slender legs, and the tantalizing black pantyhose made her simply irresistible. Her every smile and gesture drew Dustin in, making her the epitome of an enchantress.
Who could resist such temptation?
“Of course! I-” Dustin gritted his teeth and was about to agree when Natasha rolled her eyes at him and preempted.
“Forget it. Since you won’t agree to it, I won’t force you.”
“I didn’t say no!” Dustin felt distressed.
“Your chance flew by. It’s too late.” Natasha shook her head in regret.
“Huh?” Dustin froze. He had already pulled his pants down. Seeing Natasha’s mischievous smile brought him back to his senses. He realized this vixen had been toying with him this whole time. He was already burning with desire. How was he supposed to quell the flames from the sudden rejection?
“You vixen, you played me on purpose. Just see what I’ll do to you!” Dustin’s expression turned stern as he tickled Natasha around her waist and underarms.
Natasha giggled, her body twisting in all directions “Stop it, I’m driving!”
“I don’t care. I’m going to teach you a lesson today!” Dustin ignored her pleas and continued with great vigor. He was determined to make her pay for teasing him.
“I’m sorry, I was wrong. Stop tickling me. I surrender.” Natasha giggled. “Please let me off the hook. I won’t do it again. Not there. I’m sensitive there. Stop it!”
Amidst their laughter, banter, pleas, and cries, the Bentley drove further away. The car sped up and slowed down erratically, resembling a drunk driver, and the surrounding cars avoided them like the plague.
###Chapter 768 by Marina Vittori
The next morning at Fallonge estate, Scarlet was dressed in a sexy silver one-piece dress. As she looked at herself in the mirror, she felt uncomfortable.
Normally, she would be seen in her martial arts outfit, general’s outfit, or casual clothes. It was her first time wearing such a tight-fitting dress.
“Madam Scarlet, you look beautiful today. Just look at that beautiful face and figure. Who wouldn’t fall for you?” Georgia stood beside Scarlet, her eyes filled with awe.
She had always been aware of Scarlet’s beauty, but seeing her dressed up made her look even more stunning! Coupled with Scarlet’s heroic spirit, she looked beautiful and brave, appealing to both men and women alike.
“Are you sure this looks good on me? It doesn’t seem quite right.” Scarlet pursed her lips.
Georgia nodded solemnly. “Of course, it looks good! A tight-fitting, one-piece dress is supposed to look elegant. They show off your figure. It’s a style beautiful women like. Just look at your slim waist, curvaceous hips, and slender legs. You’re absolutely stunning!”
“Really?” Scarlet made a few moves, punching and kicking the air. She felt restricted. “This doesn’t feel right. It’s too tight. How am I supposed to fight in this? I can’t even raise a kick. It’s so uncomfortable.”
“Madam, this is a dress, not your uniform. Why would you fight in it?” Georgia said helplessly.
After spending so much time on the front lines, Scarlet had stopped thinking like an ordinary woman. While women wore beautiful clothes to showcase their beauty, Scarlet thought about the practicality of her attire on the battlefield instead.
“I should change into something else. It looks awkward.” Scarlet frowned, disliking her dress more by the second.
“Madam, this outfit is perfect for the occasion. I promise Sir Rhys will love it!” Georgia swore by her words.
“Really?” Scarlet looked at herself in the mirror again. She felt doubtful.
“Really! As soon as he arrives, he’ll be charmed by your beauty!” Georgia felt confident.
“Alright then. I’ll trust you with this once.” Scarlet nodded. Although she felt uncomfortable, as long as Dustin liked it, it didn’t matter.
“Madam, the dress is beautiful. But you’d need to work on your posture to appear more charming,” Georgia added.
“How do I do that?” Scarlet asked curiously.
“Follow my lead. Sway your hips like this to make yourself look more alluring and feminine,” Georgia demonstrated as she spoke.
Attempting to sway her hips, Scarlet felt awkward and eventually gave up. “Nope, I can’t do it.”
“Madam, it’s simple. You’ll get the hang of it after a few more tries. Men like it,” Georgia encouraged her.
1/2
Scarlet took a deep breath and endured the discomfort. She practiced a few more times
“Madam” Bridget suddenly walked in and reported, “Sir Rhys has arrived. He’s at the door.”
“Hurry Invite him in!” Scarlet took a final glance in the mirror and rushed out.
“Madam, remember to pay attention to your posture and sway your hips,” Georgia said.
Scarlet immediately adjusted her steps. She walked in small, quick strides. She swayed her hips, but her movements looked awkward and forced.
The gates to the estate opened, and Dustin walked in with Bridget leading the way. He was
dressed casually.
“Logan!” Scarlet’s expression brightened with joy. But she tried to maintain her practiced posture. “Kid, what are you doing?” Dustin took in Scarlet’s awkward movements in confusion.
###Chapter 769 by Marina Vittori
“What, do I not look good?” Scarlet looked down at her outfit, looking slightly distressed. “Not really, it just seems awkward. I prefer the way you usually dress,” Dustin replied bluntly.
Scarlet was a fearless female general, and her heroic spirit was her most attractive aspect. She looked beautiful and brave in her general outfit, exuding irresistible charm. She looked just as gorgeous in a dress. However, it didn’t suit her.
“Huh?” Scarlet’s questioning gaze landed on Georgia upon hearing him. “I’m going to get some drinks!” Georgia was scared. She escaped as soon as she could.
“Logan, can you wait a while? I’m going to change.” Scarlet rushed back to her room without another thought. Soon after, she came out dressed in a red martial arts outfit. Dustin’s eyes lit up immediately.
“Not bad, this outfit looks so much better.” He nodded in satisfaction. Scarlet smiled sweetly, feeling warm inside. As expected, Dustin liked her true self better.
“Kid, I heard the situation up north is unstable. Won’t coming all the way here affect the situation there?” Dustin suddenly asked,
Scarlet was the Goddess of War. She protected the northern gates. Thus, her presence was immensely important.
“Oh, don’t worry about it. They’re like a bunch of ants. Giving them a few days’ advantage won’t
make much of a difference.” Scarlet was unconcerned.
“I’m just worried. There might be rebels within Dragonmarsh who are unhappy with you,” Dustin
warned.
Scarlet was in charge of 300 thousand military personnel under the Dark Panther Calvary. They were a powerful force capable of turning the tides of the battlefield.
Under normal circumstances, someone would always try to act individually without a leader.
“Don’t worry, Logan. Nobody dares dictate my actions. I will also destroy anyone who dares to betray me,” Scarlet replied impassively.
She had earned her position as the leader of the Dark Panther Calvary and Dragonmarsh’s Goddess of War based on her pure talent and skills. It wasn’t because of her family background at all.
She also earned her military merit through countless battles. A trail of bloodshed followed her on the battlefield. It was built upon the number of bodies she had slain.
Anyone who wasn’t happy with her would be killed mercilessly.
“It’s been ten years. Seems like you can take everything head-on now. You won’t need my protection anymore.” Dustin smiled in relief.
“Logan, I’ll protect you from now on.”
She added seriously, “I’ll beat up anyone who bullies you. I’ll also beat up anyone you want to bully.
Dustin chuckled. This kid hadn’t changed one bit.
She was stubborn and unyielding yet fiercely protective of the people around her. Adam was the only exception to that rule.
“Alright, let’s not talk about that anymore. I’ll take you around town since you finally have time to rest.” Dustin changed the subject.
He added, “Buy anything you like. Don’t be shy.”
“Yay! Thanks, Logan!” Scarlet jumped for joy like a little girl.
Her reaction left her deputy generals dumbfounded. Who would have imagined that the strict and fearless Scarlet had that side to her?
“Kid, I don’t go by Logan anymore. Next time in public, call me Dustin,” he reminded her.
“Okay, Dustin,” Scarlet adjusted immediately. What she cared about wasn’t his name but the person behind the name.
He used to protect her from the world and helped her through hardships, even if it meant risking his life.
He protected her in the past. Now, it was her turn to protect him.
###Chapter 770 by Marina Vittori
Dustin, Scarlet, and her two deputy generals left Fallonge estate. They walked around the popular tourist spots in Millsburg, taking photos. They also bought souvenirs.
Afterward, they went to Food Street downtown. They tried all the local food. They ended their day watching a movie called “Wandering Planet” at the theater. When they came out, it was dark.
“Dustin, where are we going next?” Scarlet was still full of energy. This was the happiest and most relaxed she had been in ten years.
“Madam Scarlet, we’ve been out all day. Why don’t we return home now?” Bridget suggested. She and Georgia had been on high alert since morning. They were protecting Scarlet from any potential ambush.
As Dragonmarsh’s Goddess of War, Scarlet was highly respected. However, she was also a thorn in the eyes of many other countries. Every year, she faced countless assassination attempts. It was especially dangerous in crowded places like this.
They had to guard Scarlet against all kinds of threats, including snipers, suicide bombers, and the like, “It’s still early. Why the rush?” Evidently, Scarlet still hadn’t had enough.
“That’s right! It’s not every day you get some free time. You should enjoy yourself,” Georgia chimed in. She’d never seen Scarlet this happy. Her smile today was worth ten years combined.
In the past, Scarlet was always cold and distant. It was as if she were a divine being, watching over everyone from above. She was finally a regular person today, enjoying herself happily. This was how life should be in her twenties.
Other women enjoyed their time with their parents and boyfriends. But Scarlet carried a heavy responsibility. She could only fight on the battlefield. Every day, she saw blood and corpses. She heard only gunfire and cries of pain.
Behind her glamorous appearance, she endured pain and torment. It could only be understood by those who had experienced them.
The people of Dragonmarsh could live in peace because of those fighting on the front lines.
“Why don’t we get something to eat? I know a place that serves amazing local food. Let’s try it out,” Dustin suggested with a smile.
“Okay, anything you say.” Scarlet nodded.
Bridget felt helpless. But she could only give in.
20 minutes later, their car stopped at a restaurant called Full Moon.
Dustin and the group sat near the window. They ordered some local food,
Full Moon had a great atmosphere. It was considered a high-end retro restaurant.
It was one of the businesses owned by Kirin Gang. After merging the four biggest dark gangs, the Kirin Gang’s influence spread throughout Millsburg
They couldn’t quite rival the Tremendous Three. Yet, they were on par with the Fabulous Five.
Dustin and the rest were enjoying their meal.
Suddenly, an unpleasant voice rang out. “Hey, who is that lady over there? She’s gorgeous.”
They turned to see a skinny man’ approaching them. He was smiling happily. Behind him were several burly men wearing martial arts attire.
The man seemed frail and unsteady. He appeared somewhat intoxicated.
The burly men, however, were different. They were clearly powerful low-level martial artists,
“Stop right there!” Bridget suddenly stood up. She blocked the man’s path.
She said firmly, “Madam Scarlet is having her meal. No one is allowed to approach her!”
“Don’t be nervous. I’m not a bad person. I just want to be friends with this beautiful lady.”
The man smiled. He sized Scarlet up as he shamelessly revealed his desires.
Ranked third on the Beauty Ranking, Scarlet’s appearance and temperament were enough to make anyone feel inferior.
###Chapter 771 by Marina Vittori
She was simply irresistible to some perverts. Bridget yelled, “You’re not worthy of being friends with Madam Scarlet, Get lost!” “Hey, are you looking down on me?”
Bridget had made the man upset. “Do you know who I am? Do you know who my father is? I’m Daniel Grint, son of Zen Order’s guildmaster!”
The expressions of the people in the restaurant changed after he said that. “The Zen Order? Isn’t that one of the eight major sects in Glenstead?”
“I heard they have thousands of disciples, and they have a huge influence. As a leader in the martial arts world, not many dare provoke them.”
“That’s weird. What’s the Zen Order doing in Balerno?”
“They must be here for the Knighthood Society tournament. It’s held in Balerno this time, at Shinefield Lake. That’s not far from Millsburg. Many martial artists are visiting for the same
reason.”
As they spoke, they inexplicably distanced themselves. They were afraid of being caught up in the commotion.
“I’ve never heard of any Zen Order. Now, get lost before I lose my cool!” Bridget responded bluntly.
“You fucking rude bitch!” Daniel was furious and made a move to punch her.
Bridget’s expression was frosty as she grabbed onto his incoming fist. Then, she twisted it slightly.
With a crisp crack, his wrist broke.
“Ah!”
Daniel was stunned. Then, he screamed horribly. The pain left him writhing on the floor as his expression crumpled.
“How dare you harm Mr. Grint! Do you want to die?”
The group of martial artists behind Daniel erupted in fury. They all attacked Bridget at the same
time.
Their attacks were laced with strong internal energy. It made them stand out among low-level
martial artists.
“Hmph!” With a sneer, Bridget met their incoming attacks head-on. She wasn’t scared.
Her moves were faster and more powerful. In only a few minutes, the low-level martial artists had
been knocked to the ground.
To become Scarlet’s deputy general, naturally, she had to have skills. Coming from a distinguished family, she was a genius trained from a young age.
1/2
ΟΙ
She wasn’t only talented in military affairs, but her combat skills were also well ahead of he peers. She had reached divinity at a young age, so fighting against low-level martial artists was
easy.
“Y-You… How dare you harm us? You’re dead meat! I’m going to make you pay!” Daniel gritted his teeth and prepared to make his escape.
At that moment, a table knife shot out with a sharp whistle. It pierced Daniel’s knee.
“Ah!”
With an anguished shriek, Daniel fell to the floor. He held his knee and moaned in pain.
“Did you think I’d let you escape that easily?” Georgia stood up slowly.
She was smiling, but it didn’t reach her eyes. Instead, they were filled with a slight murderous
intent.
On the battlefield, being kind to the enemy was no different than being cruel to themselves. That was why it wasn’t in her nature to leave anyone alive.
“W-What are you trying to do?” Daniel’s tone betrayed his fear. He dragged himself backward on the floor.
“Why don’t you guess?” Georgia picked up another table knife. She spun it around her fingers.
“I’m warning you not to try anything! I’m the guildmaster’s son! If you dare harm me, I—” Before Daniel could finish his empty threat, Georgia had aimed the table knife at his other knee.
###Chapter 772 by Marina Vittori
“Ah!” Daniel let out another terrifying scream. Both of his legs were now broken. His expression twisted in agony. He just wanted a woman to sleep with. He didn’t expect to meet a bunch of lunatics instead.
They showed zero respect for the Zen Order, daring to harm others without hesitation or warning. “Shit! Who are these people? How dare they harm disciples from the Zen Order?”
“She’s pretty, but her methods are absolutely ruthless.” The onlookers were stunned as they watched Daniel squirmed in pain.
“That’s enough. You’re disturbing our meal. Just drag him out.” Scarlet waved dismissively,
Even as Scarlet gestured for Georgia and Bridget to drag Daniel out, she never looked up throughout the entire situation.
Insignificant gangsters like them were not worth her time.
“Madam Scarlet is in a good mood today, so I’ll let you go. Reflect on your actions when you get back,” Georgia said.
She then kicked Daniel stomach, sending him flying. He landed heavily by the door.
“Who dares harm my junior?”
At that moment, a group of disciples from the Zen Order walked in fiercely.
A tall man dressed in white led the group. He had a sharp gaze and looked intimidating, walking in large strides.
“Joel, you’re finally here!” Daniel looked like he saw his savior and sobbed, “Catch them! They hurt
me!”
“Huh?” Joel’s expression darkened when he saw Daniel’s bleeding knees. His cold gaze swept toward Georgia and Bridget.
“Did you do this?” he asked.
Georgia replied calmly, “So what if we did? He’s a pervert who harassed Madam Scarlet. We were nice enough to let him leave alive.”
Bridget, on the other hand, only told him to get lost.
“How dare you be so brazen after you hurt our men? You need to be taught a lesson!”
Joel was furious. Without another word, he shot toward Georgia like a ghostly shadow.
“Huh?” Georgia’s pupils constricted. She immediately raised her arm in preparation of the attack.
Joel’s attacks were quick and powerful. Each strike was laced with strong internal energy. After a few rounds, Georgia was pushed back. She was clearly struggling to keep up.
Chapter 772
“Let me help!” Bridget jumped in when she noticed the situation going bad. They fought Joel together.
As the deputy generals of the Dark Panther Calvary, their martial arts skills were exceptional among their peers. However, Joel was evidently stronger.
He was able to hold his own even against the both of them. Each of his strike was more powerful than the last.
Bridget and Georgia had a hard time defending themselves. They didn’t expect Joel to be a strong fighter.
When their fists collided, Bridget and Georgia staggered a few steps back. Their arms were numb as their internal energy surged chaotically.
On the other hand, Joel looked proud and energetic as ever.
“Good job, Joel! You sure showed them!” Daniel grinned devilishly. He momentarily forgot about his pain.
Revenge was sweet.
“Hmph! Joel is ranked on the Heavenly Immortals. How dare you challenge him? You think too highly of yourselves!”
“You women should just stay home and take care of children! Why bother learning martial arts? It’s a waste!”
“That’s right! Those breasts and hips are perfect for giving birth and feeding. Why don’t you come home with me and be my wife?”
“Hahaha …”
The disciples of the Zen Order laughed mockingly. They looked at the two women with their perverted gazes.
“The audacity!”
###Chapter 773 by Marina Vittori
Georgia and Bridget were furious. They were about to launch another attack when Scarlet raised a hand to stop them.
“You’re no match for him. Let me handle it.” Scarlet stood up slowly. She swept a cold gaze across the room. A chill was sent down the laughing crowd’s spine, and they turned silent. For some reason, they felt like death was staring them in the eye.
“Oh, I didn’t expect to see such a gorgeous woman here. I’m in luck.”Joel’s eyes lit up in delight upon seeing Scarlet. His lips curled up into a sly smile.
“It seems like you people look down on women.” Scarlet said impassively, “I’ll give you a chance. If you can defend against three moves of mine, I’ll let you go alive.”
“You’ll let us go alive?”
The group was momentarily stunned. Then, they howled in laughter.
“Hey, girl, I think you haven’t realized the situation yet. You’re at our mercy, not the other way around!”
“You’re pretty but pretty dumb.”
“Hey, beautiful. If I manage to defend against three of your moves, marry me, alright?” Joel smiled mockingly. He didn’t take her seriously.
“Alright.” Scarlet nodded. With a wave of her arm, a teacup on the table zoomed toward Joel.
“That’s all?” Joel chuckled. He extended his palm toward the glass.
With a resounding bang, the teacup exploded. Tea splattered everywhere.
However, the moment Joel’s palm touched the teacup, he was sent flying thirty feet away. It was as if he’d been hit by a train.
He crashed into the wall with a loud thud and coughed out a mouthful of blood.
“What?”
The unexpected scene stunned the other disciples. They couldn’t believe their powerful senior had been sent flying by a mere teacup.
“How is that possible?” Daniel cried out in fear. He was frozen with shock.
Joel was his father’s most beloved disciple, a senior of the Zen Order, and a strong fighter ranked among the Heavenly Immortals!
How could one move make him cough blood? It was unbelievable!
“What trick did you use?” Joel asked, panting heavily. He looked shocked.
He couldn’t accept the fact that a mere teacup defeated him. There had to be something strange going on.
“Two more moves.” Scarlet remained impassive.
Her frosty gaze was terrifying. It was as if she was looking at a corpse.
“Attack!” Joel shouted, sensing that the situation was turning against him.
“Capture her!”
After a momentary daze, the disciples from the Zen Order attacked all at once. They tried to overwhelm Scarlet with their numbers.
Scarlet moved among them like a ghostly red blur, inflicting pain and groans wherever she went. In just a few minutes, the Zen Order disciples were left squirming on the floor, moaning in pain. Daniel, who had been hiding behind them, was rendered speechless. He stood there in shock. “You men are nothing,” Scarlet said as she looked down on them condescendingly.
“Stop right there!”
Suddenly, they heard a booming voice behind them. The moment Scarlet turned around, her gaze turned murderous.
At some point, Joel had stood beside Dustin. He had three fingers wrapped around Dustin’s throat, looking ready to kill.
###Chapter 774 by Marina Vittori
“Let him go, or die!” Seeing Dustin held hostage made Scarlet see red. The temperature seemed to drop a few degrees. Even the lights started flickering.
The Zen Order disciples who were on the ground shivered in fear. Scarlet had only intended to teach them a lesson, but she was now filled with murderous intent.
Dustin was her boundary, and anyone who dared to cross that line would face her wrath, no matter where they might try to hide in the world.
“I’m warning you! Don’t make any sudden movements, or I’ll kill him!” Joel threatened.
He never expected Scarlet to be so strong. He knew he wasn’t a match for her.
His only chance was to use the hostage in front of him to turn the situation around.
“If you release him now, I won’t kill you. But if you lay a finger on him, I’ll destroy your entire guild! “Scarlet threatened coldly.
“Cut the crap! We’re in control now!” Joel glared at her. “I order you to step back!”
Scarlet took a deep breath, trying to suppress her anger, before taking a few steps back.
“More!” Joel demanded.
Scarlet didn’t want to risk it and continue stepping backward, her eyes locked on Joel the entire time.
“Hmph! I admit that you are strong. But, so what? You still have to follow my orders.” Joel smirked, looking triumphant.
“Joel, you’re the best!”
Daniel and the rest of the disciples were encouraged by the situation. They finally saw hope to turn things around.
Everyone had their weaknesses. As long as they exploited those weaknesses, what could their opponents do?
“Daniel, retreat. I’ll hold them back.” Joel signaled to Daniel.
“Hold on. I’ll get back up immediately!”
As soon as he said that, Daniel retreated with the rest of the group, stumbling and staggering on their way out.
“You, get up and come with me!” Joel grabbed Dustin by his shoulder and hid behind him. He kept a watchful eye on Scarlet in case of an ambush.
“I’m not done with my meal. Can you wait a while?” Dustin said.
As he spoke, he took another bite of his food, chewing slowly.
Joel’s eyes twitched, feeling humiliated by Dustin’s actions.
“How can you still eat? You motherfucker!” Joel simmered in anger, and he kicked the table over.” Stand up this fucking instant before I kill you!”
“Didn’t your mom teach you not to waste food?” Dustin’s expression grew cold as he looked at the wasted food.
“Cut the crap! Say one more word, and I’ll kill you with a strike of my palm!” Joel cried out.
Was this guy mentally challenged? How could he be in the mood to eat in this situation?
“I don’t believe you. Go ahead and try,” Dustin said calmly.
“You fucking-” Joel gritted his teeth, almost losing his cool.
“Hey! Are you crazy? Why are you provoking him?” Georgia was shocked. If Dustin died, Scarlet would definitely go crazy.
“Dustin, don’t be reckless!” Scarlet was anxious as well.
“Kid, don’t worry. This childish brat has nothing on me.” Dustin smiled.
“Childish brat?” Joel’s anger flared. “I’m a high–level martial artist ranked on the Heavenly Immortals!”
“So what? Weren’t you defeated by a flying teacup?” Dustin said, insulting him.
###Chapter 775 by Marina Vittori
“Y–You… How dare you humiliate me?” Joel erupted in fury. “I might not be stronger than her, but I’m surely stronger than you!”
He shouted, “I’m going to show you the Heavenly Immortals‘ terrifying power! Die!” Joel aimed his palm at Dustin’s back.
“No!” The three women’s expressions shifted, but they couldn’t stop Joel in time. They could only watch helplessly as the forceful strike hit Dustin’s back.
A resounding explosion echoed through the room. However, Dustin remained seated, completely unaffected.
Instead, Joel was sent flying backward like a rocket. He crashed through the windows and plummeted from the second floor, landing right by Daniel’s feet.
“Joel?” The group was shocked to see him fall and quickly helped him to his feet. Didn’t he say he was going to hold them off? Why did he end up sprawled at their feet?
“Are you okay?” Daniel asked. Joel spat out a mouthful of blood on Daniel’s face, as if mocking him for even asking. He then pointed a trembling finger at the window above, looking horrified.
“Run! There’s a monster up there!” He fainted as soon as he said that. “A monster?” The group looked up at the second floor and met Dustin’s demonic gaze. It sent chills down their spine.
“Run!” Daniel didn’t hesitate. He ordered Joel to be lifted into the car before stepping on the accelerator.
Under Daniel’s urging, the car sped away, never slowing down.
Half an hour later, the car stopped in front of a Victorian–style mansion. It was enclosed by high walls made of sturdy bricks.
The mansion occupied a vast area and had four courtyards, giving off an ancient vibe.
“Dad!”
“Mr. Grint!”
A group of people carried Joel inside the house in a rush. Their actions were accompanied by loud cries, creating quite a scene.
“What happened?” A strong, middle–aged man who looked weary walked out of the living room.
He was none other than Brutus Grint, the guildmaster of the Zen Order.
“Dan, what happened to you?” Brutus frowned, noticing Daniel’s injury.
“Dad, I’m in much better shape than Joel. Look at him. He’s dying.” Daniel looked concerned.
1/2
“What?” Brutus took a closer look, and his expression hardened.
“Who did this? Who injured my disciple like this?” he asked in anger.
“Dad, it’s a long story. Let’s treat his injuries first.” Daniel felt guilty.
Brutus stopped pursuing the matter and took out a healing tablet, feeding it to Joel. He then channeled internal energy into him to help with his injuries.
After around 30 minutes, Joel coughed and finally opened his eyes. However, the fear in his eyes
never subsided. That attack had traumatized him.
He couldn’t believe that his full–on attack didn’t hurt Dustin. Instead, it ended up hurting him
badly.
Joel’s dignity as a martial artist ranked on the Heavenly Immortals had been trampled on.
“Joel, who did this to you?” Brutus asked darkly. Joel was his most talented student and his future successor.
“Mr. Grint …” Joel looked up at Brutus and started crying.
“Mr. Grint … let’s go back to Glenstead tonight. I don’t want to take part in any Knighthood Society
tournament anymore,” he said between sobs.
“Why are you crying like this? You’re a grown man. What exactly happened?” Brutus asked, frowning.
Joel continued sobbing. “Mr. Grint, I’m scared. I forfeit. Let’s go back. It’s scary here …”
###Chapter 776 by Marina Vittori
Meanwhile, back at Full Moon, Joel flying away had everyone looking dumbstruck.
Joel was a senior in the Zen Order. He was also a strong fighter on the Heavenly Immortals. Someone like him could split rocks open with just a palm of his hand.
Under normal circumstances, Dustin would have been seriously injured or even killed by his attack. However, the situation was reversed instead.
What exactly happened?
“Dustin, are you alright?” Scarlet rushed forward after a momentary daze. She took a good look at him.
“I told you, that childish brat can’t hurt me. There was no need to worry.” Dustin smiled.
“You scared me. I thought…” Scarlet didn’t continue. She seemed afraid of offending him.
Georgia stared at him in disbelief. “How are you so strong?”
She was aware of Joel’s skills. She and Bridget weren’t his match. If Scarlet didn’t get involved, they wouldn’t have been able to take him down.
They were certain that Dustin was as good as dead earlier. They didn’t expect such a reversal. “Nonsense! Of course, Dustin is amazing. He used to be the genius of Oakvale!”
Scarlet was proud. Ten years ago, Logan was unbeatable among his peers.
“Madam Scarlet, you said so yourself. That was ten years ago. Things have changed since then, Georgia said thoughtfully.
Logan was indeed the Chosen One back then. However, that was when he had access to the Rhys family’s power and resources.
After ten years, the top talents from Oakvale have become influential leaders. They’ve grown into strong and respected figures.
Logan, on the other hand, had disappeared and lost the shelter of the Rhys family.
In the eyes of many, Logan had faded into insignificance, turning him into an ordinary citizen.
“I don’t care what other people think of him. In my eyes, Dustin will forever be a genius,” Scarlet said seriously.
“If you really thought that way, you wouldn’t have been so anxious earlier,” Georgia said quietly.
“What did you say?” Scarlet stared at her coldly. “You’re so full of energy. I’m giving you extra training tomorrow.”
“What?” Georgia froze, mournful about her situation.
On the other hand, Bridget stifled a laugh, playfully happy about Georgia’s trouble.
At that moment, Dustin’s phone rang.
“Dustin, I’m not interrupting anything, am I?” Paul was on the other end of the line.
“Of course not. Is there a problem, Sir Paul?” Dustin asked.
“Do you remember the Knighthood Society tournament I told you about last time? Tomorrow is the official registration day,” Paul went straight to the point.
“Already?” Dustin was surprised.
“After registration, you need to go through a series of assessments. They will choose the final five representatives from the assessment. With your skills, you’ll do great for sure. Just be a little serious about it,” Paul said, smiling.
“Where will the assessment be held?” Dustin asked.
“There’s a branch of the martial arts alliance in Millsburg. It’s held there. I’ll arrange for Patrick to assist you.”
“Alright, I’ll be there on time.” After another short exchange, Dustin hung up.
They had an agreement. If Dustin won the top spot in the Knighthood Society tournament, he’d get information on Cherusia. Not to mention the generous reward.
He had all the herbs required to concoct Longevitium ready. All he needed left was the Cherusia.
As long as he got his hands on it, Gregory could be saved.
“Dustin, where are you going tomorrow?” Scarlet asked.
“Oh, for some reason, I need to join the Knighthood Society tournament. It’s organized by the Glenstead and Balerno martial arts alliance,” Dustin said. He didn’t hide anything.
He added, “Tomorrow is the registration and assessment day.”
Scarlet’s eyes lit up after hearing him. “Dustin, can I come with you?”
###Chapter 777 by Marina Vittori
“As long as you have time, you can join.” Dustin smiled and nodded. “That’s great!” Scarlet’s face lit up with joy.
Obviously, she wanted to join, not to watch the tournament, but to spend more time with Dustin. She didn’t know how much longer she could stay with him.
The following day, Dustin met up with Scarlet and the others. Together, they went to the martial arts alliance branch.
It was located on the edge of the city. A single large building was its base, boasting modernized facilities.
The martial arts alliance had two major sources of income.
One was charging new students high tuition fees: The other was to put up commissions and take a percentage of the rewards.
In this world, wealthy and high–ranking officials frequently needed protection from martial artists. The alliance became the top place to seek protection. They had a lot of expert fighters available.
The rewards were also generous. So, plenty of martial artists were eager to accept the tasks. After completion, the alliance would take a certain percentage of the rewards. It created a win- win situation for both parties.
Previously, when the Harmon family encountered a crisis, even Hector got help from the alliance. He had recruited a large number of martial artists to be their guards.
In fact, many ordinary martial artists relied on commissions to survive. Once they completed a major commission, they could enjoy a carefree life for several years.
Naturally, with so many martial artists, the alliance also had some problems with administrative issues.
Dustin and the others finally arrived at the base of the martial arts alliance branch. It took an hour by car.
“Dustin, you’re here.”
Patrick had been waiting for them. He greeted them with a smile as soon as they got out of the car. “Have you had breakfast?” he asked. “Would you like me to arrange something for you?”
“Thanks, Patrick. We’ve already eaten,” Dustin replied with a smile.
“Alright. Then, let’s head in.” Patrick gestured with his arm, leading them with ease.
They stepped into the open–air martial arts arena. Immediately, a wave of intense heat enveloped
them.
The arena was packed with people. It created an atmosphere far more vibrant than a bustling
marketplace.
“Dustin, today’s registration has five assessments. As long as you can pass them all, there shouldn’t be any problem,” Patrick said.
“Five assessments? Which five?” Dustin asked curiously.
“The first assessment is strength. After that is speed, internal energy, pressure, and lastly, physical combat,” Patrick explained.
“Why make it so complicated? Can’t it be done with just two rounds of fighting?” Georgia asked.
“There are a lot of martial artists in the alliance. Their strengths are different from each other.
“The first four assessments are basically a screening process to eliminate the weak. It will leave only the strong ones behind.
“We save more time this way,” Patrick explained again.
“Alright. Let’s follow the process, then. Where’s the first assessment at?” Dustin asked.
“Dustin, this way, please.” Patrick nodded and led them to the venue for the first assessment. The first assessment was the strength test.
In the middle of the venue was a massive strength tester machine. The machine was made specially by the alliance. It was constructed entirely of metal.
It looked almost like a tank and could take up to 100 thousand pounds of force!
Based on the standard criteria, hitting over one thousand pounds of force was barely a pass. Hitting two thousand pounds was considered good. Going beyond five thousand pounds was considered exceptionally excellent.
Many people were being evaluated. So, Dustin could only patiently join the queue.
After a long wait, his turn was finally approaching. However, a group of martial artists dressed in yellow suddenly walked, looking confident.
“Move. Everyone, get out of my way!”
The group was extremely arrogant. Their loud shouts filled the air as they shoved their way through the others waiting in line.
As they cut the queue and stood at the front, their actions caused a big commotion.
###Chapter 778 by Marina Vittori
“Hey! Where are your manners? How can you all just cut in line like that?” A young martial artist who was pushed aside immediately expressed his dissatisfaction.
He had waited in line for a long time. Naturally, he was unhappy to be just cut in line like that. “Why not?” With a cold smirk, a chubby woman slapped the young martial artist.
She declared, “I can because I’m capable!” Her arrogant and overbearing attitude would make anyone furious. “You … How dare you slap me?”
The young martial artist was stunned. Then, his anger flared. “You bitch! Take this!” He raised a fist, ready to attack. But before he could hit the woman, a muscular man quickly stood in front of her. He blocked his attack.
With a loud thud, the forceful punch from the young martial artist landed solidly on the muscular
man’s chest.
The muscular man remained completely unfazed. However, the force of that punch sent the
young martial artist stumbling back.
His arm hurt from the impact. He felt as if he had punched a piece of darksteel.
“You dared lay a hand on Gianna with those skills? You’re overestimating yourself.” The muscular
man crossed his arms and smirked. It appeared like he was looking at an ant.
“I’m going to show you what I’m capable of!”
The young martial artist gritted his teeth and charged forward once more. He delivered a powerful
kick to the muscular man’s head.
However, the muscular man simply moved his head slightly before straightening it back.
The young martial artist stumbled back, almost falling to the ground. His anger turned into fear.
He had put all his strength into that kick. Yet he didn’t harm that muscular man at all. Instead, he broke his own leg.
The muscular man has impressive defensive skills
“Hmph! You should have realized the might of my senior, Devon Bradley, by now. You’re
humiliating yourself by challenging us!”
The chubby woman, Gianna Richards, lifted her chin arrogantly.
“You… you guys are too much!” The young martial artist said bitterly.
“This is ridiculous! Just because you’re good doesn’t mean you can act entitled. Remember, this is the alliance, not somewhere for you to act like thugs!”
“That’s right! Get out of here, or don’t blame us for being rude!”
The crowd of martial artists raised their voices in protest, their expressions filled with righteous
1/2
anger.
The group had not only cut in line, but they also got violent. Their behavior was just too much.
“Oh, look! They still dare go against us?”
Gianna looked around and yelled, “You bunch of losers, do you have any idea who we are? Listen carefully. We are the personal disciples of Noel Yancy, one of the four branch masters of Boulderthorn!”
“What? Mr. Yancy’s disciples?” Everyone was shocked.
Boulderthorn was one of the top major sects in Balerno. It had eight guildmasters, four branch masters, and one leader of the branch masters.
The leader of the branch masters seldom showed himself in public. So, the four branch masters largely governed the affairs of Boulderthorn.
Mr. Yancy was skillful and powerful. He was also a respected elder within the alliance. His words held absolute authority within this martial arts alliance branch.
In fact, just one word from him could get them expelled from the alliance. They could even end up with a price on their head.
Anyone who offended Mr. Yancy would never survive in the martial arts scene in Balerno.
So when the furious martial artists found out who Gianna was, they immediately fell silent. They all looked away, not daring to make a sound.
“Hmph! Frightened now, huh? Let me ask one more time, who else dares challenge us?”
Gianna swept a gaze across the crowd. Those who met her eyes quickly averted their gazes and lowered their heads.
After all, Boulderthorn branch master’s personal disciples were not ordinary martial artists. They shouldn’t be messed with.
“Is Boulderthorn that great? You think you can break the rules and attack people just because you’re from Boulderthorn?” The young martial artist didn’t back down.
###Chapter 779 by Marina Vittori
“Hah! Guess you won’t cry till you see death in the eyes!” Gianna glared at the young martial artist.
She said haughtily, “Devon, since this guy won’t respect us, let’s teach him a lesson!”
“Alright!” With a smirk, Devon stepped forward. He lifted the young martial artist off the ground and above his head.
“Let me go!” The young martial artist struggled wildly, but it was in vain.
Compared to the muscular Devon, he seemed like a weak chick. He was absolutely powerless.
“Don’t want to give in? Well, I’ll make sure you will with my fists!”
Devon held the young martial artist tightly with both hands. He spun him around a few times before moving to slam him down forcefully.
If the young martial artist was lucky, he would only sustain serious injuries the moment he hit the ground.
“He’s done for!” Many in the crowd looked on sympathetically.
Just as the young martial artist was about to meet his end, a hand appeared and caught him gently. It skillfully neutralized the force of the impact.
It was none other than Dustin.
“Huh?”
The crowd was stunned. They couldn’t believe someone had the guts to step in and save the young martial artist.
“You brat! You’ve got some nerve to step into my business!” Devon’s gaze was hostile.
“Clearly, you’re the ones at fault. Yet, you dare hurt others here. Are all of you from Boulderthorn that overbearing and arrogant?” Dustin said calmly.
“Who do you think you are to criticize us?” Gianna shouted, glaring at Dustin.
“I stepped in because I just can’t stand it. In fact, I’ve always disliked you people from Boulderthorn.” Dustin was blunt.
“You brat! Do you know what you just said?” Devon cracked his knuckles. He spoke with a threatening tone.
“I said, I despise you idiots from Boulderthorn.”
“How dare you!”
“The audacity!”
“Devon, teach this arrogant brat a hard lesson!”
The group of formidable fighters from Boulderthron was in an uproar. No one had ever publicly humiliated them like that.
“Damn! Who is this guy? How does he have the guts to challenge Boulderthom like that?”
“I’m not sure where this brat came from, but it looks like he’s in trouble.”
Dustin’s words created chaos among the crowd.
“You bastard! You have a death wish!” Devon couldn’t take it anymore. He threw a fast punch straight at Dustin’s face.
Before Dustin could react, Scarlet suddenly grabbed Devon’s wrist and threw him forward.
Devon’s large figure was thrown into the air. Then, it crashed heavily onto the ground.
An explosion could be heard as the ground shook from the impact. Devon’s figure had left an indent on the ground, shocking everyone.
However, the situation was far from over.
While Devon was still disoriented, Scarlet drew her three–foot viridescent blade and aimed for his throat.
Her eyes were merciless like the devil. It was absolutely terrifying.
To her, anyone who dared to hurt Logan must die..
###Chapter 780 by Marina Vittori
“Ahh!” Devon screamed in despair, seeing the sword coming at him. He never could have expected the charming woman to act so ruthlessly out of nowhere. It was evident she held absolutely no regard for Boulderthorn.
“Stop!”
“No!” The unexpected turn of events shocked the Boulderthorn disciples. However, it was too late for them to stop her.
“Don’t kill him, kid,” Dustin said just in time. There was a sharp whistle as Scarlet’s blade stopped mere inches from Devon’s throat. A thin line of blood formed as it grazed his skin.
Had Dustin spoken out a second later, Devon would have been lying in a pool of his own blood. Devon gulped. His face turned pale. Cold sweat trickled down his forehead.
The terror in his eyes never went away. He had very nearly met his end.
Just where did this crazy bitch with such hatred come from?
They weren’t even enemies. It was scary.
“Do that again, and I will send you to hell,” Scarlet said icily.
Devon shivered involuntarily. A wave of unease washed over him. He had no doubt that Scarlet genuinely intended to kill him just now.
“How dare you ambush Devon? You’ve got the nerves!”
The Boulderthon disciples recovered from their shock, Then, they began to make noise. They believed that Scarlet would never have defeated Devon if it hadn’t been an ambush.
“Desmond, Thomas, Dominic … Don’t waste your breath on them. Catch them all as a warning to the rest!” Gianna yelled.
The four major branches of Boulderthorn were named after the Four Symbols. Noel led the branch known as Steeljaws Fellowship.
Today, most of Steeljaws Fellowship’s disciples were present. That was why Gianna was so arrogant.
“Get them!”
Following Desmond’s order, the disciples closed in on Dustin and Scarlet.
“Hold it right there!” Just then, Patrick stepped forward.
He declared loudly, “I’m Patrick Hill of the Hill family. These are our esteemed guests. Don’t you dare act recklessly!”
As he spoke, he revealed an emblem signifying his identity.
“The Hill family?” Upon hearing him, the Steeljaws Fellowship disciples frowned.
They scrutinized the emblem. They made sure it was authentic before softening their stance.
As one of the Tremendous Three, the Hill family held great influence and power. Boulderthorn could never make enemies of them.
It was mostly due to their respect and even fear of Paul.
Paul was a former leader of Balerno martial arts. He was also a formidable martial arts grandmaster.
His status was comparable to the leader of the Boulderthorn branch masters. Even the present leader of Balerno martial arts was his student.
These were more than enough to show his influence within the martial world.
“Hmph, we’ll let you go this time on behalf of Sir Paul. But you won’t be so lucky next time!” Desmond sneered.
“You guys got lucky!” Gianna seethed. Although upset, she couldn’t make a scene with the Hill family backing them.
“Dustin, just focus on the main task. Don’t bother with them,” Patrick advised in a lowered tone.
They came here to be assessed. Things would get complicated if a deadly incident involving Noel’s disciples were to occur.
Even if Dustin remained unharmed, he would be disqualified from the tournament.
“I understand.” Dustin nodded.
Then, he looked at Scarlet. “Kid, put your sword away. We can’t kill anyone here.”
“Alright.” Scarlet nodded obediently.
Her cold and aggressive demeanor disappeared completely. Her attitude toward Dustin and the rest was really different.
”
‘Alright, let’s not waste time. Get ready for the strength test.”
Seeing that the fight was over, the staff from the martial arts alliance began giving instructions. “The rules are simple. No one is allowed to use internal energy. Only physical strength is allowed.
“Hitting one thousand pounds is considered a pass. Two thousand pounds and above is considered good. Five thousand pounds and above is considered excellent. Those who hit ten thousand pounds and above can advance immediately.”
###Chapter 781 by Marina Vittori
“Now, who is going first?” “Me!” Gianna approached the strength tester machine confidently.
The strength tester machine was made from metal. It had a flexible punching pad right in the middle designed to absorb and measure the force of the strike. Upon delivering a punch, the display screen would present the amount of strength.
“Guys, I’ll try it out for you first.” Gianna took a deep breath before delivering a powerful punch, smashing the punching pad.
With a heavy thud, the punching pad slammed into the tester machine. At the same time, the red digits on the display screen fluctuated rapidly and settled at 1250.
“No way! A woman punched 1250 pounds of force? That’s stronger than me!”
“She’s impressive to hit those numbers without internal energy.”
Whispers and murmurs spread among the crowd, expressing their surprise. It was impressive to achieve those numbers as a young lady not older than 18.
“See that? This is what I am capable of!” Gianna chuckled proudly. She even waved a fist at Dustin and his group in arrogance and contempt.
“She dares show off with such measly strength? How shameless of her!” Georgia remarked coldly “What did you just say?” Gianna was annoyed and challenged, “If you’re not satisfied, let’s compete!
Georgia crossed her arms and said disdainfully, “I’m not interested in competing with a weakling like you.”
“You-!” Gianna was infuriated. Georgia’s arrogance made her feel humiliated.
“You think Gianna lacks strength? Well… Let me show you real strength!” Just then, Desmond stepped forward.
He warmed up his muscles and positioned himself before the tester machine. With a slow lift of his fist, he gathered his strength to its peak before delivering a powerful punch.
The punching pad slammed down forcefully. The red digits on the display screen fluctuated rapidly before finally stopping at 5267.
The crowd erupted in chaos at the scene.
“What the hell? Five thousand pounds? Am I seeing it right?”
“Damn it! I exhausted myself to barely reach 800. This guy just came and hit five thousand? That’s terrifying!”
“So these are Boulderthorn’s formidable fighters? They truly live up to their name!”
Staring at that striking red number, the crowd was stunned and speechless.
It was already impressive for an ordinary martial artist to generate a force of a thousand pounds. A
force of five thousand pounds was something they wouldn’t even dare to imagine!
“All hail, Desmond!” Unlike the crowd, the Steeljaws Fellowship disciples were cheering and proud of the achievement.
“Hey! Did you see that? That’s a punch with five thousand pounds of force. That’s what true strength looks like!” Gianna lifted her head arrogantly and taunted, “You guys were so arrogant just now, so why the silence now? Go ahead and brag some more, you cowards!”
“Is five thousand pounds supposed to be impressive? That’s normal,” Dustin remarked causally.
“Normal?” Gianna was initially taken aback, but then she burst into laughter. ‘Hey! Are you out of your mind? You’re saying five thousand pounds of force is normal? How could you shamelessly boast like that?”
“You have a sharp tongue. If you’re capable, why don’t you show us a five thousand–pound punch yourself?”
“That’s right! You’re good at exaggerating when your skills don’t seem that impressive. If you can punch five thousand pounds of force without using internal energy, I’ll pull down my pants in public!”
The crowd snorted and looked at him as if he were a fool.
Despite their best efforts, they could only manage a few hundred or a couple thousand at most. Therefore, striking a punch of five thousand pounds was rare.
“Young man, I advise you to not be arrogant. Five thousand pounds of force relying on only raw strength are your limits,” the martial arts alliance staff said.
He had seen many who had high ambitions but no skills. They only knew how difficult it was to achieve that number once they tried it themselves.
“How many pounds did you say one has to hit to be able to advance immediately?” Dustin asked, “Over ten thousand pounds, but-” Dustin had already punched the target Before the staff could finish his sentence.
An explosion rang out, causing the strength tester machine to wobble. The red numbers on the display screen began to fluctuate rapidly.
One thousand, two thousand, three thousand, four thousand. The numbers climbed up rapidly.
In a blink of an eye, it was over five thousand. But it kept on increasing with no show of stopping. A few seconds later, the numbers finally stopped at 10001!
That was over ten thousand pounds!
For a moment, the crowd was left dumbfounded.
###Chapter 782 by Marina Vittori
The crowd was silent as they stared at the red number. Looks of astonishment replaced the smiles on their faces.
No one expected Dustin to have such terrifying strength. His punch was over ten thousand pounds of force! It was incredible!
“Fuck! Who is this guy? How can he be so strong?”
“And I thought five thousand pounds was the limit. This guy broke through ten thousand!” “Damn it! He’s a freaking monster!”
The martial artists present began discussing among themselves and expressed their surprise. The Steeljaws Fellowship disciples were in shock, unable to believe it.
Desmond had exerted his full strength only to achieve five thousand pounds of force. While Dustin easily surpassed ten thousand pounds of force.
Dustin completely crushed them with that display of strength. It was humiliating!
“How was that possible? How could this skinny guy have such incredible strength? Did he use internal energy?” Gianna questioned.
“If he used internal energy, the machine would have shown an invalid result. So that punch he threw was raw strength,” someone explained
Although they didn’t want to admit it, Dustin was strong. He had far surpassed their expectations. “Ten thousand and one pounds. That number should get me qualified for the next round, right?” In comparison to the crowd’s reaction, Dustin appeared calm. It was as if he had done something ordinary.
“Huh? Oh, right! You have advanced directly to the next round!” After a momentary daze, the staff nodded.
He had looked at Dustin in contempt, but it was now replaced with awe.
If Dustin’s punch was ten thousand pounds of force, he couldn’t imagine if it was with internal energy.
“Hey, chubbs, did you see that? Now that’s strength. What you both did was child’s play.” Georgia crossed her arms with a smirk in contempt.
Gianna was infuriated at the jab but could only stay silent. Although strength didn’t represent their ability, they still won this round.
“Hey! Don’t get arrogant. I haven’t even made my move yet!” At that moment, Devon stepped forward. He was burly and looked strong with muscles that resembled rocks.
“That’s right! We can still win with Devon around!” Gianna’s eyes lit up immediately.
She was excited. Devon had much stronger raw strength than Desmond.
“Devon is naturally strong. Not being able to use internal energy will show you how strong his raw
strength is!” Desmond was confident.
“That’s right! Devon is the true underdog!” The others nodded in agreement.
Each of them had their own strengths and talents.
They were either fast, strong, with great defense, immense internal energy, or good at swordsmanship.
Among them, Devon undoubtedly possessed the greatest strength.
“You think hitting ten thousand pounds of strength is impressive, brat? Let me tell you the truth. I achieved that three years ago!”
With a cold gaze, Devon turned to Dustin and laughed at him. “Today, I’ll show you what strength truly is. Keep your eyes wide open!”
As he spoke, he approached the strength tester machine and deeply breathed. He then positioned his fist and began to gather his strength slowly.
When he stretched his arm as far as he could, he used his foot to push off and delivered a strong punch onto the punching pad hard.
A resounding explosion shook the entire tester machine. The red digits on the display screen started to fluctuate and ascend.
The numbers surpassed the ten-thousand mark without any signs of slowing down.
Finally, the number settled at an impressive 14387! That was over four thousand pounds higher than Dustin’s results earlier.
“What the fuck? Is he for real? 14 thousand?”
“He’s a fucking monster!”
“Damn it! This guy broke the record! That’s ridiculous!”
###Chapter 783 by Marina Vittori
After a short silence, the room erupted in cheers. Everyone looked at the numbers displayed on the screen with wide eyes. They were in disbelief.
Dustin’s ten thousand pound record was already terrifying. He could get promoted to the next. level with that. Who would’ve thought that another more frightening monster would show up?
Fourteen thousand pounds completely replaced the previous record! It was simply horrifying! “Hahaha. Devon is just impressive!” Gianna burst out laughing and jumped around in joy.
“That’s God-given talent!” The other disciples were also overjoyed. They could also share some of this glory thanks to Devon’s achievement.
“You’re insane! You broke the record with just one punch!” The martial arts alliance staff’s wide eyes were filled with admiration.
“Hmph, that was nothing. I was just warming up. Now I’m getting serious!” Devon clenched his fists, stretching his neck from side to side. Then, he gestured for the crowd to make way for him. He exhaled. Then, he pulled his fist back before launching it directly on the target.
There was a loud thud. The machine trembled. At the same time, the red numbers on the screen began to surge again.
Finally, it stopped at 15464!
Over 15 thousand pounds!
“Fuck, he broke the record again! It shot up another one thousand pounds!”
“Fifteen thousand pounds with just one punch. Who can even top that?”
“They’re both human, so how can the gap be so wide?”
Devon’s second punch shocked everyone once more
He’d broken his own record. No one else could’ve done that.
“Well, punk, do you admit defeat?” Devon turned to look at Dustin with a scornful smile.
What was ten thousand pounds? He’d managed to reach 15 thousand pounds!
“Hey, you. Now you know how awesome Devon is, don’t you? He broke the record with just a casual punch. What about you?” Gianna taunted arrogantly
“Hey, say something! Why are you staying silent? Don’t back down now! If you have the guts, try again!”
“Punk, if you don’t have what it takes, tuck your tail between your legs and walk away. Next time you see me, turn the other way, got it?!” Devon said gloatingly. He was confident that he had defeated Dustin.
72
Dustin didn’t reply to their taunts. He walked over to the strength tester machine and raised his fist again.
“Hey, it seems like you haven’t given up. Do you want to go again? Do you think you can break my record? How funny!” Devon said with a disdainful expression.
“Everyone, look! This stupid fool is going to embarrass himself!” Gianna laughed mockingly.
“Heh, he’s just asking to be humiliated!” The other disciples chuckled along.
The martial artists in the area also shook their heads, looking at Dustin like a fool.
Can anyone even top the record of 15 thousand pounds in strength?
Under everyone’s watchful gaze, Dustin raised his fist and threw a forceful punch toward the target.
There was a loud noise. The strength tester machine, made of solid metal, was punched over 30 feet away. It swayed as though there was an earthquake.
Even the reinforced concrete base beneath it was yanked straight from the ground, leaving a deep crater in its original spot.
The machine wreaked destruction along its path, breaking many pieces of equipment along the way. Finally, it hit a thick wall at the back and stopped.
The red number on the display screen was increasing rapidly.
It went from ten thousand to 20 thousand, 30 thousand, 40 thousand… 80, 90, and finally, it stopped at 100 thousand
When it hit the limit of 100 thousand, the numbers were still blinking like crazy. Finally, there was a “boom”, and the screen exploded.
Sparks flew, and black smoke filled the air.
In an instant, the entire room fell deathly silent.
###Chapter 784 by Marina Vittori
Everyone was stunned as they watched the strength tester machine fly over 30 feet away. They were rooted to the spot and didn’t react for half a minute. Their eyes were as wide as saucers. Their mouths opened wide in disbelief that an egg could fit in there.
They never expected that something like this could even happen. The entire strength tester machine broke down from just a punch. Was he even fucking human?!
“My eyes aren’t playing tricks on me, right? He sent the strength tester machine flying?” “What the fuck? Where did the monster come from?!”
“This is completely out of this world! Nothing like this has ever happened before!”
After a short silence, the crowd whispered among themselves.
They all looked at Dustin like they had seen a ghost. Their shock was written all over their faces. It wouldn’t have been such a big deal if Dustin had scored higher. Devon would just grit his teeth and accept it.
But now, Dustin destroyed the machine with his fist. How could he accept that?
“That’s impossible! That’s completely impossible! How can he be stronger than Devon?” Gianna shook her head frantically. She couldn’t believe her eyes.
Even with his God-given talent, Devon had only scored 15 thousand.
Dustin was so skinny. How was he this strong?
“Was his score… too much for the machine to calculate?!” The other disciples looked at each other dumbfounded.
If they weren’t wrong, after Dustin’s punch sent the machine a distance away, the number on display had jumped to 100 thousand!
Then, it began to blink wildly. Finally, it blew up when it couldn’t handle it anymore!
If the display wasn’t wrong, that meant that the force of Dustin’s punch earlier had reached 100 thousand pounds’
At the thought of that, chills ran down their spines.
That result was out of this world!
Dustin paid no mind to everyone else’s surprise. Instead, he turned to the staff of the martial arts alliance. “I guess my punch broke the record, right?”
“Huh? Oh! Y-yes, of course!” The staff paused for a moment before nodding frantically.
He couldn’t imagine what would happen if that punch had hit him instead.
“Do I need to pay for breaking the machine?” Dustin asked.
“N-no need!” The staff shook his head.
“That’s a relief. Thanks.” Dustin let out a sigh. Just now, he didn’t control his strength and had gone overboard.
If he had known this would happen, he would have gone easier,
“That’s impossible! It must be fake!” Devon could not accept what had happened.
He said, “How can someone have such strong physical strength? You must have used internal energy!”
“Exactly! How can an ordinary person have so much physical strength? You must have cheated. earlier!” Gianna added.
“Cheated?” The others looked at each other.
Suddenly, they felt doubtful. Everything had happened so quickly that they couldn’t see what had happened clearly.
“Everyone, think about it. One would need at least 100 thousand pounds of force to break the machine. That’s not possible to achieve with just physical strength alone. I’m sure he used internal energy!” Devon said matter-of-factly.
At this, a few people nodded.
“That’s right! It’s impossible to have so much strength without using internal energy. This bastard could have cheated!”
“Fuck, no wonder he was so impressive! He’d secretly used internal energy. How pathetic!”
“Just to show off, he even threw away his dignity. Screw you!”
As they sneered, they began to switch sides.
Compared to Dustin’s behavior, Devon’s explanation was more believable.
After all, they knew that nobody had ever broken the machine.
So, they would choose to doubt Dustin instead.
Thus, the surprise and admiration from earlier quickly turned into scorn and contempt.
“Punk, you don’t have anything to say for yourself? I’ve exposed the truth, haven’t I? Hmph, you’ve bitten off more than you can chew for trying to challenge me!” Devon said with a smirk.
He acted arrogant as if he’d gotten something to hold over Dustin’s head.
“Moron,” Dustin uttered indifferently.
“Sir, this person cheated and falsified results. If it were up to me, I’d invalidate his assessment results!” Devon demanded righteously.
###Chapter 785 by Marina Vittori
“Well…” The staff was in a dilemma. Since the machine was already broken, they couldn’t verify whether he had cheated. Of course, they could not just invalidate the results.
Not to mention, Dustin’s first punch had reached ten thousand pounds. He could already get promoted with that. Thus, whether he cheated during the second punch was unimportant.
After thinking for a moment, the martial arts alliance staff finally decided. “I’ll investigate this thoroughly, but there will be no changes to the promotion target. Please proceed with the next test.”
“Hmph, you got lucky!” Although Devon was unhappy, he knew he couldn’t do anything to Dustin without evidence.
“You cheated in the first test. Let’s see how you pass the second one,” Gianna said unkindly.
“Let’s move on to the second test. We’ll find out whether he cheated or not.” Desmond gestured for the others to follow him to the next test venue.
The second test was called the agility test.
The candidates had to cross a row of stilts of uneven heights to get to the other side. Some stilts were solid and could be stepped on, while others were fake. Some of them would retract when touched.
If one wasn’t careful, they could fall.
But, the difficult part was that hidden weapons such as arrows, boomerangs, and needles would shoot out as they made their way across.
If they get hit by these hidden weapons, they would be eliminated. So, this truly tested the participants’ agility and reaction.
Not only did they have to be careful of their footing, but they also had to avoid getting hit by hidden weapons.
Since the test began in the morning, no one had passed yet. That was how difficult it was.
“Disciples, allow me to be the first to try!” Gianna stepped forward and walked to the starting line. She took a deep breath and jumped onto the first stilt.
“Ring!” The bell rang, and the test officially began.
Gianna’s footsteps were as light as feathers as she began to hop from stilt to silt.
However, a few steps later, she was shot by an arrow and fell onto the ground.
Everyone burst out laughing.
Fortunately, the arrowhead had been removed, so she wasn’t hurt.
“What are you laughing at? Shut up!” Gianna was furious from shame. She shot a menacing gaze
at them, and they were so frightened that they stopped laughing, except for Dustin.
“Gianna, allow us to try.”
Several other disciples of the Steeljaws Fellowship jumped onto the stilts.
Unfortunately, it didn’t end well for them either. Not even halfway through, they all fell. Some were shot by hidden weapons; others fell when the stilt they stepped on retracted.
Over half the Steeljaws Fellowship disciples were eliminated in just half an hour.
“Hmph, these are the elites of Boulderthon? They can’t even make it across a row of stilts. How embarrassing!” Georgia said out of the blue.
As soon as she said that, the faces of all the disciples from the Steeljaws Fellowship turned dark. “Shut your mouth! Do you know how hard this is? It’s always the one who’s standing by and doing nothing that has the most to say!” Gianna shouted.
“If you don’t have what it takes, you simply don’t. You don’t need to come up with excuses,” Georgia said with a snort.
“You…” Gianna gritted her teeth angrily.
“Thomas, people are looking down on Boulderthon. It’s time for you to step in.” Desmond narrowed his eyes.
“Thomas, you’re the most agile among us. You must show them everything you’ve got and prove them wrong!” Devon said seriously.
“No problem! Now, watch me show you how it’s done!” Thomas laughed with confidence.
He jumped lightly on his feet as he got ready. Then, he leaped into the air. After making a grand somersault in the air, he landed stably on the stilts.
“Nice!” Everyone perked up at that. Finally, it was the real expert’s turn.
###Chapter 786 by Marina Vittori
After Thomas stood on the stilts, he suddenly turned his head to look at Dustin. “Punk, your biggest mistake is looking down on Boulderthon. I know you’re powerful, but you are nothing compared to me when it comes to agility. Open your eyes and watch. I’ll show you what being as agile as a hare means!” Thomas raised his head proudly.
When it came to strength, he was nowhere near Devon. However, no one could compete with him when it came to agility. “Ready, set, go!”
The bell rang, and Thomas immediately moved. Like a dragonfly skimming the water’s surface, he hopped on the stills lightly.
Not to mention, he was swift. They could barely see his silhouette as he moved like a shadow. They couldn’t follow his movements.
“Whoosh!” Suddenly, hidden weapons shot out at him, one after another. Some came from the side, while others sneaked up on him from behind.
Yet, as if he had eyes on the back of his head, Thomas dodged all the weapons. He switched between moving slowly and quickly, jumping high, and bending down low.
The first wave of concealed weapons all missed Thomas.
“Nice one, Thomas!” Gianna cried, clapping.
It was amazing that he could make it through the first wave. After all, everyone else failed at that point.
“As expected of Thomas. His agility is the best of the best!” Not only was everyone shocked, but they were also filled with admiration.
A martial artist’s power was determined by strength, speed, agility, internal energy, technique, battle experience, and more.
Among them, agility was the most important because it could increase combat power.
For example, although Devon had great physical strength, it would be useless if Thomas was too quick for him to land a hit. He would just end up tiring himself from chasing after Thomas.
It was not an exaggeration to say that if someone had great agility, they could do well in the martial arts world, even if they lacked power.
On the stilts, Thomas was still hopping from left to right. His figure looked as light as a feather.
Even if the stilt beneath his feet shortened, he could readjust his posture and regain his balance.
“Whoosh!” Suddenly, the second wave of hidden weapons shot out.
This time, the hidden weapons had increased and were even faster. It would be difficult to dodge.
all of it.
Nonetheless, Thomas managed to avoid all the attacks thanks to his incredible agility.
After the second wave, the third wave quickly followed. The hidden weapons had increased twofold and had gotten even quicker.
Chills ran down everyone’s spines as they saw numerous hidden weapons drop from above. All of the Steeljaw Fellowship disciples were nervous.
“Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!” The weapons fell from above.
Thomas’ movements increased in speed. He leaped and hopped to avoid the glinting hidden. weapons. People were getting dizzy watching him
After much hardship and difficulty, he managed to dodge all hidden weapons. Finally, he successfully made it to the end.
When his foot reached the ground, applause broke out.
“Amazing agility!”
“Thomas, you did a great job. You were awesome!”
“What a show! I couldn’t take my eyes off him!”
Everyone praised him non-stop.
All the martial artists before him couldn’t even handle the first wave. Some of them lost their footing and fell as soon as they started.
So, everyone was in awe of Thomas’ amazing agility. He had cleared all the obstacles and easily avoided all hidden weapons.
“Congratulations, you passed. Your time was 58 seconds,” the martial arts alliance staff said. “Thomas is as amazing as we thought. He completed the test in under a minute!”
###Chapter 787 by Marina Vittori
Everyone gave him a thumbs up, acknowledging his achievement. “How was that? Do you acknowledge my skills now?” Thomas turned around and taunted Dustin. Now, do you know what agility is? You’d better learn a thing or two from me!”
“Punk, are you scared now? Who else can finish the test in less than a minute?” Devon said pridefully. “That’s right! When it comes to agility, no one here would dare claim to be better than Thomas!” Gianna boasted.
The two of them chimed in one after another, using Thomas’ glory to act like bullies. Dustin was speechless. “He took such a long time to cross these stilts. What’s there to be proud of?
All he did was dodge a few waves of hidden weapons. How arrogant.
“From your tone, it seems you won’t acknowledge Thomas’ success. Come on then, if you have what it takes, why don’t you try? I want to see what you can do!” Devon mocked.
“Hmph, you sure know how to talk big Then get up there! Why are you hiding at the back? You’re just like a turtle hiding in its shell!” Gianna said sarcastically.
She simply didn’t believe that anyone was more agile than Thomas.
“What a bunch of ignorant idiots.” Dustin shook his head. He was too lazy to respond to them. Instead, he went up on the stilts.
“Punk, if you can even make it past the first wave, that’s already impressive in my books!” Devon looked like he was anticipating an exciting show.
“Devon, aren’t you overestimating him? If he can even hold out for three seconds, I-”
Before Giana could finish speaking, the bell rang. Immediately, Dustin moved.
A silhouette suddenly flashed past. Dustin was so quick that the crowd didn’t even have time to react. When the silhouette disappeared, everyone was stunned to see Dustin standing at the finishing line!
Throughout the entire round, not a single hidden weapon shot out. Dustin was just so quick that the machine didn’t detect him.
To make things worse, the chime of the bell still echoed in the air.
“What
Everyone was dumbfounded. The crowd couldn’t believe their eyes.
How the hell did he just fly over?
Was he human?
Was that even possible?
Can a human be that quick?
They must have seen wrong!
Several people were rubbing their eyes. They were beginning to suspect that their eyes were playing tricks on them.
However, the outcome remained the same regardless of how much they rubbed their eyes. Dustin. had indeed made it across the stilts.
He had completed the second test at a speed that exceeded most humans’ and in a shocking
manner.
“How was that? I passed, right?” Dustin asked indifferently.
The martial arts alliance staff swallowed. He even stuttered as he said, “You-you passed… Your time was two seconds.”
“Two seconds?”
The result caused an uproar.
Even with his exceptional agility, Thomas of the Steeljaws Fellowship took 58 seconds to complete the test.
Yet, this bastard in front of him had only used two seconds.
It was ridiculous!
It was one thing to be strong, but he was also terrifyingly fast. Was he even fucking human?! “How-how could he be so quick? What level of agility is this? Did he travel at the speed of light?”
“This is scary! I’ve never seen a monster like him before!”
Everyone was stunned and frightened.
Even Devon, who had boasted arrogantly before, didn’t dare say another word. Thomas had just suffered a blow to his pride. He stood there, rooted to the spot.
###Chapter 788 by Marina Vittori
“T-that’s impossible! How on earth did you do that?” Gianna stuttered, utterly shocked. She didn’t have time to process everything since it happened too quickly.
“Are you going to accuse me of cheating again?” Dustin retorted.
“I-” Gianna didn’t know what to say.
Earlier, Dustin might have cheated by using internal energy. But, using internal energy was allowed in the agility test. Anyone who safely got through the row of stilts naturally passed. There was no way she could accuse him of cheating anymore. Still, she couldn’t accept it. “Hmph! So what if he’s fast? He only passed because he used underhanded tricks!” Desmond grumbled dismissively. “The internal energy test is up next. I doubt you’ll pass!”
“He’s right! Internal energy determines a martial artist’s strength. No matter how fast you are, you’re useless if your internal energy is weak!” Gianna echoed stubbornly.
“Hey, kid! I dare you to compete with Desmond and see who has stronger internal energy!” The winner gets to call the shots!” Devon taunted.
They were all betting on Desmond now. After all, as a strong Divine-level martial artist, he was the strongest among them. They were sure that he would win when it came to internal energy.
“I guess I’ll entertain you guys “Dustin smiled. If it was an internal energy test, he might as well enjoy himself.
“Fine! Follow me.” Demond shouted and led everyone to the location of the third test.
The setup was simple. A stone platform in the center held a huge beautiful, pure white crystal ball.
“How do we use this, sir?” Gianna asked after studying the crystal ball.
“The rules are simple. Place your hand on the crystal ball and channel your internal energy into it. The crystal’s color will gradually change.
“The passing color is black. Silver color means distinction. Those who turn golden will advance to the next level,” the alliance staff explained.
“Alright! I’ll give it a shot!” Gianna exclaimed excitedly.
She put one hand on the crystal ball and channeled her internal energy. Soon, the milky crystal began to turn black.
However, the ball stopped changing colors when it was only half black. Gianna had nearly used up her internal energy, and sweat collected on her forehead.
No matter how much she tried, the crystal ball refused to turn black completely. In other words, she didn’t have enough internal energy to pass the test.
“Let me try!” Others tried their luck after her.
However, most were also unable to turn the crystal ball black. Only a few talented individuals managed to turn the ball black and some into silver,
“You’re up, Desmond “-Everyone’s attention was now on Desmond. He was the only one who could restore Boulderthorn to its former glory.
“Move out of my way!” Desmond gestured for them to move aside and went forward.
He placed his hand on the ball. Immediately, Divine Aura began flowing into the crystal ball.
There was a hum as the ball began to vibrate, and the crystal quickly turned black before turning silver. After the crystal ball turned fully silver, streaks of gold began appearing.
The Steeljaws Fellowship disciples were excited at the sight, and their eyes twinkled eagerly. Desmond was already incredible since he could turn the crystal ball silver. But if he managed to turn it golden, he’d outshine everyone else and could advance to the next level!
###Chapter 789 by Marina Vittori
“Come on! You can do it!” Many people began to cheer for Desmond. Nearly half of the crystal ball had turned golden. He needed to hold out a little longer, and the crystal would turn fully golden.
“Aargh!” Desmond gritted his teeth and continued channeling his internal energy into the crystal ball. His strength was draining fast. His face beaded with sweat. Seconds later, the crystal ball hummed as it turned fully golden.
Desmond collapsed onto the ground. He was relieved and exhausted. “Hooray! He did it!”
“Good job, Desmond!”
Everyone cheered excitedly. “You sure are strong. Well, congratulations! You get to advance to the next level!” The alliance staff praised with a smile..
Few people could turn the crystal ball gold in one shot.
“What now, punk? Do you accept the outcome yet?” Devon sneered.
“Did you see that? That’s how powerful Desmond is. He easily surpassed the limit and advanced to the next level. Can someone like you do that?” Gianna gloated.
“What’s the point of being fast when internal energy is more important for a martial artist? You should understand how different we are now, right?” Desmond clasped his hands behind his back haughtily and snorted.
Although he was drained, he still needed to put on a front.
“Different?” Dustin was amused. “I haven’t even started yet. What are you bragging about?”
Desmond scoffed. “Turning the crystal ball golden is the best someone can do. Do you still think you can beat me?”
“We won’t know unless we try.” Dustin placed his hand on the crystal ball.
“What a fool!”
“Why does he even bother acting? He’ll just embarrass himself!”
The rest of the people smirked. But their smug smiles quickly disappeared.
A low hum rang out as Dustin channeled his internal energy into the crystal ball. Instantly, the entire ball turned black. Soon, it turned silver, then gold.
It only took him a few seconds to change the crystal ball from white to gold. The crowd was even more shocked to see how relaxed Dustin seemed.
It was a stark comparison to Desmond, who had been sweating buckets by the time the crystal ball turned gold.
Just then, the crystal ball began to vibrate again. A red streak began to appear amidst the gold. Like blood, it quickly spread throughout the ball, turning the entire thing red.
It was obvious that Dustin was much stronger than average!
“I-it turned red? How is this possible?” The alliance staff was astonished.
Others might not understand this, but he did. Only a semi-Grandmaster and beyond could turn the crystal ball red.
Dustin must be insanely talented to reach the level of a semi-Grandmaster despite being in his twenties.
The red crystal ball exploded before the worker could get over the shock. It seemed to have reached its limit. The worker was dumbfounded by the sight.
###Chapter 790 by Marina Vittori
Everyone was stunned when the crystal ball shattered into pieces. Their smiles disappeared and were replaced by looks of dismay and astonishment.
Everyone had assumed Desmond would win since he had turned the crystal ball golden. They never imagined that beyond turning golden; it could turn red.
What shocked them more was that Dustin had channeled so much excess internal energy after turning the crystal ball red that it exploded.
Just how much internal energy did he have to do that?
Everyone was speechless.
Desmond, who had been full of confidence, was also shaken. He didn’t expect his internal energy, which he had been so proud of, to be so weak compared to Dustin.
“Is this considered cheating?” Dustin smiled mockingly.
“Uh…” The crowd was at a loss for words
They weren’t blind. They had all seen how Dustin had easily passed all three tests.
It was one thing to excel in one category, but Dustin had performed outstandingly in all three tests, which meant that he was powerful.
In fact, he was far stronger than all of them. So they had no choice but to submit to him.
“I guess Boulderthorn fighters aren’t that impressive, are they? They sure know how to boast, but look at how badly they lost!” Georgia chirped, dishing back the taunts they received earlier.
“You-” Gianna was pissed but couldn’t say anything back. She didn’t want to admit it, but they had lost terribly after the last three tests.
“Don’t get ahead of yourself. It’s not over yet!” Desmond spat.
“Not over yet? Really?” Georgia was amused.
“The fourth test is the pressure test. It measures one’s ability to withstand pressure. We’ll let this round’s results determine the winner!” Desmond retorted.
“Haven’t you embarrassed yourself enough?” Georgia smirked.
“Cut the crap! Do you have the balls to accept my challenge?” Desmond shouted.
Instead of replying, Georgia turned to look at Dustin since he was the one who should decide. She could only help him retort insults.
“Why wouldn’t I? I’ll beat you guys fair and square,” Dustin replied calmly.
“Fine. Follow me, then!” Desmond yelled, leading everyone to where the fourth test was held.
The setup was a closed space that resembled an escalator. But, a window in the front allowed. others to see what was happening inside.
Once a person entered the space, they would feel pressure pushing down on them. They would.
have to form a defense against the pressure
“Desmond, this guy is quite strong. Do you think well win? Gianna whispered. She had lost confidence after losing the last three tests
“She’s right. Why don’t we surrender now? Well embarrass ourselves if we lose again. Devon supported Gianna. He still had not gotten over Dustin & performance earlier
“What are you guys so afraid of? There’s no way this guy has no weakness”
###Chapter 791 by Marina Vittori
Desmond lowered his voice. “I admit that he’s powerful, and his speed, strength, agility, and internal energy are on the next level. Still, no one in the world is perfect.
“He must have a weakness. Just think about it. Why is he so quick and agile? It’s simple-he’s trying to make up for his weakness!”
He continued, “If my guess is correct, defense must be his weak point! I’m sure he’s quick and agile since his defense isn’t as strong.
“The fourth test will test his defense. Among us, Dominic’s defense is the strongest. He’s already reached the seventh level of Adamantine Body Arts, and nothing can penetrate his body.
“I’m sure that with Dominic around, we’ll be able to target that guy’s weakness and take him down!
Everyone’s spirits began to perk up after hearing Desmond’s words. Just because Dustin was quick and strong didn’t mean his defense was good.
They’d win if they used the Adamantine Body Arts in this test.
“Desmond’s right. No one is perfect. I’m sure that guy’s weakness is his defense!” Gianna’s eyes twinkled in excitement.
“Right. If Dominic uses the Adamantine Body Arts, we can take him down!” Devon nodded.
They seemed to have found hope again.
There was no way they could ruin Boulderthorn’s reputation, so they had to win the next round at all costs.
“What do you think, Dominic?” Desmond asked.
“I’m not confident about the other categories, but defense is my forte!” Dominic replied, confident in the skills he had been building for the past decade.
“Good! We’re counting on you, Dominic,” Devon looked serious.
“Leave it to me.” Dominic patted his chest confidently.
“Let me explain the rules of the pressure test.” the alliance staff began.
“You pass if you’re able to withstand level-three pressure. Those who can withstand level-five pressure will be considered excellent.
“Those who withstand level-ten pressure will be promoted to the next level. You must endure each new pressure for 30 seconds for the results to be accepted. Understood?”
“Yes, sir.” Everyone nodded.
“Alright. You may begin. Who will go first?” The staff glanced around.
“Hey, kid! To stop you from cheating, we’ll let you go first!” Dominic pointed at the pressure machine disdainfully.
“Alright.” Dustin smiled softly and walked toward the machine. As the metal door slammed close,
the space immediately became air-tight.
In front of Dustin was a metal lever that indicated the different levels of pressure. The lowest
pressure level was 1, and it went up to 100
Dustin could adjust the level he wanted.
“Dominic, how many levels do you think you can withstand? Gianna asked curiously.
“With my current abilities, I should be able to handle level 10 easily,” Dominic replied after thinking about it
“That’s great’ It’s just enough for you to advance to the next level. I’m sure that guy can’t stand that level of pressure!” Gianna was pleased.
“Well, if he can handle up to level ten, 111 keep one-upping him!” Dominic smirked smugly
“You’re so smart! That’s a perfect plan.” Gianna grinned.
Just then, the sirens of the pressure machine began blaring, and its red emergency light began to flash.
When everyone turned to the machine, they were shocked to see that Dustin turned the lever to 100!
###Chapter 792 by Marina Vittori
After one minute, the metal doors of the pressure machine opened, and Dustin walked out calmly. He seemed so relaxed no one could have guessed that he had withstood such high pressure.
“Sir, I get to advance to the next level, right?” Dustin asked. “O-of course!” Getting over his shock, the staff nodded frantically.
He couldn’t believe that Dustin could withstand level-100 pressure for a minute. Was Dustin made of darksteel? This was unbelievable!
“Damn, he’s a monster.” Georgia was in awe as well. Dustin excelled in all four tests-strength, speed, internal energy, and defense. It was like he was perfect.
Usually, people would struggle to pass even a single test. Yet, Dustin managed to pass them with flying colors.
Was he a monster?
“I knew Dustin was strong.” A rare smile appeared on Scarlet’s face, who was proud of Dustin’s achievements.
“I
guess Terry Doyle lost for a reason,” Patrick mumbled. He had known that Dustin was strong, but he never expected Dustin to be so terrifyingly perfect!
Fortunately, they were currently on the same team.
“I’ve finished my turn. You’re up next. Go ahead.” Dustin looked at the Boulderthorn members and gestured toward the pressure machine.
“But…” His opponents shared unsure glances, at a loss for words.
There was no way they’d withstand level-100 pressure. They might even be squashed into a pancake!
“Dominic, w-why don’t you try it?” Gianna asked
Dominic stiffened as he stopped himself from swearing. What on earth was Gianna saying? What’s the use of him competing when Dustin pulled the lever to the max?
With Dominic’s current level, no matter how hard he tried, he’d only be able to handle up to level 10.
There was no way they’d withstand level-100 pressure. The pressure would squash them into a pancake!
“Is no one going to compete? I guess that means I won?” Dustin held out his hands.
“I thought Boulderthorn disciples were incredible, but I guess I was wrong.”
The others bit their tongue with dark faces, unable to deny their loss with the proof in front of them. They were utterly humiliated after losing four times in a row.
“Dustin, there’s a physical combat test left.” Patrick reminded.
“Alright, then. Let’s get it done with.” Dustin nodded and led everyone to where the fifth test was being held.
The final test was physical combat. Contestants had to pass the previous four tests to reach the fifth test.
The rules of the fifth test were simple. Each contestant needed to have hand-to-hand combat with two powerful invigilators. Then, the invigilators would rate the contestant based on their performance.
“I’m here for the test, please,” Dustin walked up to the battle ring and polite
###Chapter 793 by Marina Vittori
“Um…” The invigilators shared a look and shook their heads.
“You can advance to the next level without taking the test.”
“I can?” Dustin was surprised.
“We saw your earlier performance. Honestly, we’re no match for you. You can just continue to the next level.” One of the invigilators grimaced.
“You have potential. I’m sure you’ll become a dark horse in the Knighthood Society Tournament.” The other invigilator praised Dustin.
Dustin had broken the records for the first four tests. They were ashamed to admit they were far weaker than him.
“Thank you for going easy on me,” Dustin thanked them with a smile and walked off the platform.
It was good that the invigilators avoided confronting him, or they’d have been beaten into a pulp by now.
“What the hell? It’s unfair that he can advance to the next level without taking the test!”
“What else can they do? He’s so strong even the invigilators are afraid of him.”
“If it were me, I wouldn’t fight him either. There’s no way I can take a punch that’s over 100 thousand pounds.”
“He isn’t just strong. His speed, defense, and internal energy are impeccable. We should respect how powerful he is.”
The martial artists present gossiped about Dustin, their eyes filled with respect. After all, the martial world always respected the strong. A person’s background didn’t matter as long as they were powerful enough.
“The test is over. Let’s go eat.” Dustin ruffled Scarlet’s hair and led the others out. He did not spare those from Boulderthorn a glance.
“Fuck! That bastard ruined our reputation!” Davon snarled.
“I wish Jared was here. He’d beat that brat up easily!” Gianna humphed.
Because of Jared’s reputation, he proceeded to the final test without going through the first five tests. That was why he wasn’t there with them. There was no way Dustin would be talking to them so arrogantly otherwise.
“I’m not happy with you, Dominic. Why didn’t you give it a go earlier?” Desmond suddenly snapped.
“What?” Dominic was taken aback.
“Are you joking? That guy pushed the lever to 100! Why would I go in?”
“Yeah, right. A 100-level pressure? Well, you were all tricked!” Desmond overconfidently explained, “If my guess is right, he must have done something to the machine. I’m sure the machine didn’t even put any force on him. He must have lied!”
“That can’t be.” Devon was skeptical.
“Think about it. Which sane person would put the pressure to the max? They’d explode if anything went wrong.
“Besides, didn’t you guys realize that he didn’t even break a sweat during the test? How is that possible?” Desmond continued.
“You’re right! It’s suspicious how unfazed he was!” Gianna was convinced.
“You’re right. He must have cheated!” Devon nodded.
They still couldn’t accept how strong Dustin was.
“No one is perfect. Everyone has a weakness, but that guy was too perfect, making him seem more suspicious,” Desmond said confidently.
“Dominic, if you don’t believe me, you can give it a go. We’ll know the truth then.”
“Alright! Let’s see what tricks that guy used.” Dominic paused before gritting his teeth and entering the pressure machine.
Obviously, he planned to try bit-by-bit instead of pushing the lever to the max in one shot.
“Huh?” Dominic paled when he realized that Dustin hadn’t returned the lever to its original position after the test. It was still pointing at 100.
“F*ck!”
Terrified, Dominic reached for the lever. But before he could touch it, the metal door slammed close. Instantly, immense pressure pressed down on him.
“You asshole! You fucking lied-” Dominic snarled at Desmond.
But before Dominic could finish his sentence, there was a bang as he exploded, turning into a bloody mist.
###Chapter 794 by Marina Vittori
Dustin and the others left the martial arts alliance branch after the test. Scarlet suddenly received a call that darkened her face on their way back.
“Got it. I’ll return as soon as possible.” Scarlet hung up after the brief conversation. “What’s wrong, kid?” Dustin was curious.
“The call was from Oakvale. Someone accused me of gathering troops and planning a rebellion. They are demanding an explanation,” Scarlet replied calmly.
“A rebellion? What a load of crap!” Georgia was pissed.
“Madam, you suffered so much to protect our country at the borders while those trash at Oakvale did nothing. How dare they accuse you!”
“Those little shits! They deserve to die!” Even the usually quiet Bridget couldn’t help cursing.
Being accused of rebelling was a major crime. Even if they were innocent, others would still make assumptions.
“Given your status, many eyes will be on you, and everything you do will be watched. Others will distort and exaggerate the truth if you make sudden moves.” Dustin shook his head.
He knew something like this would happen sooner or later. After all, great power came with great drawbacks.
As Dragonmarsh’s Goddes of War, Scarlet commanded an army of over 300 thousand men. She was a queen without a crown. It was unavoidable for someone with such military authority and an influential background to incur others’ envy.
“I have to head back first, Logan. I need to eliminate some flies, or things will worsen,” Scarlet told Dustin.
“Sure.” Dustin nodded.
A slight misstep now could quickly escalate the issue.
They arrived at Flame Dragon Dojo ten minutes later.
Scarlet sadly watched Dustin leave the car and said, “Give me a few days, and I’ll be back.”
“Got it.” Dustin smiled. He waved and watched them leave.
With the Spanner family’s current influence, he was sure Scarlet could quickly take care of any issue.
“Hey!” Someone suddenly patted Dustin on the shoulder, so he turned around.
It turned out that Abigail and Nelson had stood behind him some time ago.
“Who’s that chick? I’ve never seen her before. Don’t tell me she’s your new girl?” Abigail teased with a grin.
“Stop spouting nonsense. That’s my sister.” Dustin shot her a glare.
“Are you serious?” Abigail gave him a doubtful look.
“You seem to have a lot of spare time on your hands. How’s your staff combat technique coming along?” Dustin asked.
“I’ve already reached the third level!” Abigail announced proudly.
“The third level? Pfft! That’s barely anything. You should spend more time practicing. Keep practicing another 1000 times,” Dustin instructed.
“What?” Abigail’s smile froze.
1000 times? There’s no way she’d finish before sundown.
Ugh, why did she have to have such a horrible mentor?
“Nelson, how’s the group from Azkaban holding up?” Dustin turned his attention to Nelson.
“As you instructed, I’ve provided them with food, shelter, and money. But they refuse to leave and insist on joining the Kirin Gang to help you,” Nelson replied.
Those from Azkaban were talented fighters who were hard to come by, especially Cornelius.
There was much more to the older man than meets the eye, and he could easily take on the strongest fighters in Kirin Gang.
###Chapter 795 by Marina Vittori
“We’re short on talented individuals, so let them stay if they want to. Establish a subsidiary guild named Darklaws and let Mr. Adler be the leader.” Dustin decided.
“Got it.” Nelson nodded. “Oh, right. It isn’t good that our guild is expanding so quickly. We need to slow things down and cut down on the recruitment. We need to move our headquarters to accommodate our growing numbers. I’ll leave this to you,” Dustin instructed.
“I’ve already considered the issue about our headquarters and picked out a location, but I’m not sure if it’s to your liking,” Nelson replied.
“Really? Where did you pick?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“It’s called Zephyr Lodge. It’s located on the city’s outskirts.”
Seeing Dustin’s confusion, Nelson elaborated. “It used to be the estate of a count, so it’s spacious and has good scenery. Transportation there is smooth as well. I searched high and low. This place seemed like the best option.”
“Not bad. You must have put in a lot of thought for this. Well, let’s go with your idea. Kirin Gang’s new headquarters will be there.” Dustin decided.
“Thank you, Sir!” Nelson was overjoyed.
He didn’t expect Dustin to agree to his idea so readily. He couldn’t help feeling touched by how much Dustin trusted him.
“While we’re on the topic of managing the gang, I just thought of the friend I recently made who’s clever and talented. She should be able to help you,” Abigail suddenly said.
“Really? Who?” Dustin was curious.
“She happens to be the sparring partner here. Follow me!” Abigail pulled Dustin into the dojo.
Several of Flame Dragon Gang’s skilled fighters surrounded a gorgeous woman in the battle ring.
The woman wore skin-tight clothes that showed off her curves and perfect legs, tempting the men. Still, despite her looks, she could take on all the men easily.
Using her legs like whips, she swept anyone who approached her off their feet so none of the men could get close to her.
“Damn it! They’re useless!” Nelson swore under his breath, his expression uncomfortable. He was embarrassed to show Dustin a bunch of men being beaten up by a woman.
There were thuds as all the Flame Dragon Gang disciples fell, allowing the woman to win.
“What do you think? She’s awesome, isn’t she?” Abigail asked proudly.
Dustin didn’t reply. His eyes were glued to the woman on the platform. He looked like he didn’t trust her.
“Hey, come here for a second. Let me introduce you to someone.” Abigail waved the lady over.
“Okay.” With a small smile, the lady brushed off the sweat on her forehead and walked off the battle ring.
“Let me introduce you to—
Dustin cut Abigail off. “No need for introductions. I know her.”
“You do?” Abigail was surprised.
“Are you trying to flirt with me?” The woman smiled.
“Quit acting. You might have changed your looks, but your scent didn’t change. Aren’t I right, Azalea Larson?”
###Chapter 796 by Marina Vittori
“Azalea Larson?” Abigail was puzzled. Abigail knew the woman’s surname was Larson, but her name was Mandy Larson.
“Are you going to deny it? Do I have to tear off your mask?” Dustin asked. “Your eyes are getting better. I spent so much time dressing up, but it wasn’t enough to fool you.” Azalea giggled flirtatiously.
“Is your name really Azalea?” Abigail frowned. She felt like she was tricked. “I’m Azalea, but I’m also Mandy. I never lied to you,” Azalea explained with a smile.
“What are you doing here?” Dustin demanded. He was always on high alert whenever he was near this crazy woman.
After all, it was difficult to believe someone who murdered their mentor and offered their mentor’s head to the Harmon family..
“Aww, aren’t we friends by now? Can’t you treat me more warmly?” Azalea circled Dustin like a snake eyeing a mouse.
“What happened between us can only be considered a business partnership, definitely not friendship.” Dustin was unfazed.
“That makes me sad. I should’ve known that all men are cheaters!” Azalea grumbled pitifully.
“Ahem, I’m still here, you know? Do you mind toning down the flirting?” Abagail looked at them oddly.
“Abigail, go and train. I have something to talk to her about.” Dustin glanced at Abigail.
“Alright, then. I’ll stop bothering you two.” Abigail stuck out her tongue and headed to the training grounds to practice her staff combat technique.
Ugh, the smell of love!
“Spit it. What are you up to?” Dustin demanded once more.
“Nothing. I’m just here to protect Abigail.” Azalea smiled.
“She’s the future Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order, so she’ll need bodyguards. I think I’m a good fit for the job.”
“What?” Dustin frowned. “How did you know that?”
He was the only one Micheal told this secret to, and even Abigail had no idea. How did Azalea
know this?
“The Dark Lord used to be from the Mystic Arts Order. He happened to share this secret with me.” Azalea smirked.
“Abigail isn’t ready. Besides, there is no way her father will allow her to join the Mystic Arts Order,
Dustin replied cooly.
H
The Mystic Arts Order was the evillest faction in the world, and the same could be said about its people.
Abigail was too kind, so she would be eaten alive if she got caught up in the mess with the Order.
“Never say never. As long as the blood of the Grand Sorceress flows in her veins, the organization will find her sooner or later.” Azalea reminded him.
“I don’t know what will happen in the future, but Abigail is my disciple right now. I’ll protect her with my life as long as I’m alive. You better not try anything funny!” Dustin warned.
“Don’t worry. My future depends on her, so I’ll protect her with everything I’ve got.” Azalea smiled.
Abigail was the granddaughter of the leader of the Mystic Arts Order, so Azalea had to make sure to get close to her.
If Abigail became the Grand Sorceress, Azalea could ride on Abigail’s coattails and become stronger than anyone else.
“You better keep your word.” Dustin stared at Azalea. Once he was sure she wasn’t lying, he sighed with relief.
“I can’t beat you anyway, so you can always kill me if I do anything bad. Still, I wonder if you can do it.”
Azalea smirked and placed a palm on Dustin’s chest before dragging it downward.
###Chapter 797 by Marina Vittori
Dustin frowned and stepped back to put some space between their bodies. “I won’t expose your identity, but you better behave yourself. I’ll be watching you. “You’ll be watching me?” Azalea bit her bottom lip invitingly. “I’ll be showering later. Will you also watch me?”
“You’re crazy!” Dustin ignored her and walked past her to go upstairs. He was certain she wasn’t up to anything for now, but he was still wary of witches like her.
The night passed uneventfully. The next morning, Dustin was out with Abigail for their morning practice when a black sedan pulled up at their entrance. The car door opened, and Patrick stepped out with a smile.
“Congratulations, Dustin.” Patrick congratulated Dustin.
“The results for yesterday’s tests are out. You passed the test and have been chosen to lead four other martial artists to represent the Glenstead martial arts alliance!”
“Really? That’s great.” Dustin smiled softly, not surprised by the news.
It would be more surprising if someone managed to get a higher score than him, who got full marks for all five tests.
“Are you joining the Knighthood Society Tournament? Can I tag along?” Abigail asked eagerly.
“Only if you don’t cause any trouble,” Dustin warned.
“I promise!” Abigail promised.
“Me too. I want to go, too,” Azalea chimed in.
There was no way she’d miss out on such an exciting show.
Dustin glanced at her but didn’t answer. Instead, he stepped into the car.
Abigail and Azalea followed too. Azalea plopped herself into the seat next to Dustin’s, her breasts jiggling from the movement.
The car began to move, starting their journey to the tournament.
The tournament was being held at Shinefield Lake, which was located at the foot of Mount Shinefield The beautiful scenery there made it the perfect location to host the tournament.
When they arrived, the lake was full of martial artists from different places.
The grand tournament between the Balerno and Glenstead martial arts alliance took place every three years Today’s battle was more about honor than interest. Each participant must do their best to make their alliance proud.
“Dustin, the others who will be representing Balerno are over there. Follow me.” Patrick glanced around to ensure he was in the right direction before leading Dustin and the others over.
“Stop right there!”
Suddenly, a group of people blocked their way. When Dustin saw who they were, he had a smirk on his face.
They turned out to be the same people from Steeljaws Fellowship yesterday.
“You killed Dominic yesterday, and we demand justice!” One of them accused before Dustin could say anything.
###Chapter 798 by Marina Vittori
“What?” The sudden accusation took Dustin aback. “Dominic is dead?”
“That’s right. It’s all your fault, you murderer!” Gianna shouted angrily. “Don’t be stupid. What does his death have to do with me? Don’t pin the blame on me,” Dustin replied.
“Stop lying! Dominic wouldn’t have died if it weren’t for your tricks!” Gianna shouted.
“Did you think we won’t discover that you intentionally kept the lever at the max so you could trick Dominic into entering the pressure machine. The moment the door closed, Dominic exploded!” Devon growled.
Dustin was speechless by their stupid accusations. He had merely forgotten to return the lever to its initial position. 1
How could he have known that someone would be stupid enough to start the machine without looking at the lever?
He had never met such a dumb bunch. It was ridiculous that he was blamed for such an ignorant incident.
“First of all, I didn’t plan anything, so I had nothing to do with Dominic’s death. He died because of his actions alone.” Dustin held his hand open.
“Yeah, right! I know you did it on purpose!” Gianna didn’t believe a word he said.
“I’ve already explained myself. You can decide whether to believe me.” Dustin couldn’t be bothered to continue talking to those idiots.
“You’ve got guts, kid. How dare you walk away like nothing happened after killing someone?” Just then, a man in black emerged from the crowd.
Although the man looked ordinary, the sword he was holding gave off an imposing air. This man was the first disciple of Steeljaws Fellowship, Jared Yancy.
“And where did you come from?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“How rude! This is Jared. He’s one of the five martial artists competing today!” Devon shouted.
“So what?” Dustin shrugged.
“You might have some skills, kid, but that’s far from enough if you want to challenge me. Dominic’s death can’t be in vain, so you’ll have to pay up!” Jared retorted icily.
“What kind of payment do you want?” Dustin put on a fake smile.
“If you break both arms, I’ll let you live,” Jared demanded.
“Are all Boulderthorn people crazy or something? First, you randomly accuse me of something I didn’t do. Then demand I break my hands. Did you think I’ll do it?” Dustin shot them a disdainful look.
“I’m giving you a chance right now. You won’t just be breaking two arms if I have to do it myself.”
Jared threatened.
He drew his sword lightly, exposing the razor-sharp blade as a warning.
“You better not cross the line!” Abigail snapped, unable to control her anger. She stepped forward and put herself in front of Dustin.
“Shut up! You have no right to talk!” Gianna slapped Abigail hard, leaving a visible palm print.
Dustin’s face darkened, and his blood boiled. But before he could do anything, there was a shadow as something flew toward Gianna’s arm.
It was a black venomous snake!
“Aargh!” Startled, Gianna flung the snake to the ground and crushed it to death.
The spot where the snake had bitten her had already turned black. It was easy to tell that the snake was incredibly venomous.
“Who was it? Who snuck up on us?”
The Steeljaws Fellowship disciples looked around furiously. They couldn’t believe someone had used such a dirty move!
“I did it.” Azalea stepped out from behind Dustin, a cold smile on her face. “She should pay the price for slapping my sister.”
“Give us the antidote!” Jared ordered.
The venom had already spread to the rest of Gianna’s arm. It would spread to the rest of her organs in another three minutes.
“There is no antidote. The only way to save her is to slice off her arm to stop the venom from spreading.” Azalea grinned.
An eye for an eye, a slap for an arm. It was a good deal.
“You’re dead meat!” Furious, Jared drew his blade, about to attack.
“Stop!”
Patrick stepped forward and took out the Hill family emblem. “Today’s the Knighthood Society Tournament! Participants are not allowed to engage in personal fights!”
Jared gritted his teeth but eventually lowered his sword. He didn’t have a choice since this was the Knighthood Society Tournament, and he was afraid of Patrick.
“Save me, Jared! I don’t want to die!”
###Chapter 799 by Marina Vittori
Ginna burst into tears as she watched the venom spread further, terrified. Her arrogant attitude from earlier disappeared.
Without a word, Jared swung his sword and sliced Gianna’s arm off. Flustered, Gianna stared at her arm lying on the floor and looked at her shoulder. After she realized what had happened, she cried before passing out.
“Once the tournament ends, I’ll make you pay for your actions!” Jared spat before leading his men away.
“Dustin, Jared isn’t someone you want as your enemy. You should be careful.” Patrick warned. “He should be the one who’s careful,” Dustin replied.
If it weren’t for Patrick, he would have killed Jared!
“It’s almost time. Let’s go and find Grandpa.” Patrick gestured and led them into a luxurious. lakeside villa.
The spacious villa had a rustic charm and a huge courtyard where everyone was resting.
Meanwhile, Paul was chatting comfortably in the villa’s living room with a middle-aged man. It was none other than the leader of Balerno martial arts, Ronald Reeds.
Paul was Ronald’s mentor, so they could chat comfortably.
“Sir, I’ve heard you recently found someone with great potential. The person managed to defeat Terry Doyle and performed well in yesterday’s tests,” Ronald said with a smile.
“He’s incredibly special. As long as I train him properly, he might become your successor,” Paul said thoughtfully.
“I’m curious to know the person you got your eye on.” Ronald was excited.
His mentor had always been picky, and regular geniuses meant nothing to him.
“Dustin is here, Grandpa.” Patrick suddenly entered.
“Right on time.” Paul smiled. “Tell him to come in.”
“Alright.” Patrick went out again to lead Dustin in.
“Greetings, Sir Paul.” Dustin greeted Paul.
“You came at the right time, Dustin. Let me introduce you to someone.” Paul gestured to the man next to him. “This is the current leader of Balerno martial arts, Ronald Reeds.”
“Ronald Reeds?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
He recalled Micheal mentioning that Ronald was his good friend. He just didn’t expect that friend
to be the leader of Balerno martial arts.
“Do you know each other?” Paul was surprised.
“Of course, I’ve heard of Sir Reeds’ accomplishments. Nice to meet you, Sir Reeds.” Dustin greeted
once more.
“A talented individual indeed.” Ronald nodded with a smile. “The alliance is fortunate to have young, talented individuals like you as its future leaders.”
“You flatter me, Sir Reeds.” Dustin lowered his head politely.
“I don’t have anything to gift you besides this knife. It’s sharp enough to cut through metal. I hope you accept this token to commemorate our first meeting.” Ronald pulled out the knife he carried and handed it to Dustin with a smile.
“But…” Dustin was taken aback.
“Ronald likes talented individuals very much. Since he wants to offer you a gift, you might as well accept it.” Paul smiled.
“Alright. Thank you, Sir Reeds.” Dustin accepted the knife humbly.
“I hope you do your best to make the Balerno martial arts alliance proud,” Ronald encouraged.
“I will,” Dustin promised.
“It’s almost time, Ronald. Why don’t you tell the other participants to come in so we can discuss strategies,” Paul said to Ronald.
“Sure. I’ll go get them.” Just as Ronald was about to stand up, one of the alliance workers walked in nervously.
“I have bad news, sir! We received a report that three participants-Chase Newman, Andy Cannon, and Shawn Mcgee-have been poisoned. They are currently all unconscious!”
###Chapter 800 by Marina Vittori
“What? Poisoned?” Everyone paled. It was no coincidence that three participants were poisoned on the day of the tournament.
“How could this happen? Who did it?” Ronald growled. “We don’t know yet. We’re still investigating.” The worker shook his head. “Bring me to them!” Ronald headed out hurriedly. Workers had closed all the exits at the temporary training grounds to stop everyone from leaving.
When Ronald and the others arrived, they saw three strong men lying unconscious in the center. Their breathing was faint, and their faces were ashen. But their lips had turned black.
“It’s an extremely potent venom!” Ronald was displeased.
The three men were martial artists on The Heavenly Immortals and were crucial to their tournament. What was he supposed to do now that they were poisoned?
“Hurry, get someone from Stoneray Order!” Ronald ordered.
“No need for such hassle. Dustin can take care of this,” Paul said.
Even Nicholas hadn’t been able to treat him back when he had been injured, yet Dustin had managed to save him.
“Do you practice medicine, Dustin?” Ronald was surprised.
“A little.” Dustin didn’t bother denying it.
“Then, please take a look at them.” Ronald stepped aside.
Nodding, Dustin walked over and crouched down to study the three men’s conditions.
Soon, his expression turned grave.
“They were poisoned with a slow-acting poison. It’s tough to get rid of it. Symptoms don’t appear until they do any vigorous exercise. But the moment they do, the infected will fall unconscious and might even die,” Dustin explained.
“Can you cure them?” Ronald asked worriedly.
These three men were important for the tournament. He couldn’t afford to lose them.
“I can save their lives, but they’ll be weak for the next week. I doubt they’ll be able to take part in today’s tournament.” Dustin shook his head.
Ronald and Paul both frowned when they heard this. Clearly, the person who poisoned these men was trying to make them lose this year’s tournament.
“Please save them, Dustin.” Ronald suppressed his anger.
“Alright.” Dustin nodded and quickly pulled out his silver needles to treat the men.
“Who do you think did this, Sir?” Ronald asked, pondering deeply.
“Who else could it be? It’s those bastards from Glenstead!” Paul snarled.
“They aren’t sure whether they’d win, so they used these underhanded tactics instead. How shameless!”
“Still, we don’t have any proof. We can do nothing about it.” Ronald frowned.
He also knew that the Glenstead martial arts alliance had something to do with this. The two alliances had been at odds for some time. He never expected them to resort to such dirty tactics.
“Why don’t we push the tournament back for a few days? We’ll resume things when they’ve recovered.” Patrick offered.
“Everyone is paying close attention to the tournament. There’s no way we can just change the date.
Ronald shook his head.
“I guess we’ll just have to find three substitutes.” Paul’s expression was grim.
Chase, Andy, and Shawn were powerful martial artists who were on The Heavenly Immortals. With their help, Balerno had a high chance of winning the tournament. But that would change if they had to switch participants.
“We still have time. I’ll go and look for decent substitutes.” Ronald left hurriedly. He had to try no matter how little time there was left!
Time flew by, and it was soon noon.
The sun shone brightly, and the brightness reflected off the lake’s surface.
###Chapter 801 by Marina Vittori
A gentle breeze that carried the subtle scent of earth ruffled everywhere. Many had gathered around Shinefield Lake, and the tension in the air was high as the two alliances faced off.
The tournament was held in the middle of the lake, where an arena 100 meters long had been built days ago. The lake surrounded the platform, so they would need to reach it by boat.
The contestants representing the Balerno martial arts alliance had gathered inside a gazebo at the South, where Ronald got three substitutes to replace the three poisoned men.
Although these men weren’t as strong as the earlier three, it was still better than nothing.
“Today’s tournament is extremely important.” Ronald’s expression was serious as he looked at each of them.
“The Balerno martial arts alliance’s reputation rests on your shoulders, so please work together. I await the good news!”
He lowered his head respectfully.
“Don’t worry, Sir! We’ll beat those guys up!” The new members were full of confidence.
Winning the tournament not only promised them a hefty prize but would also give them fame, so they would do their best.
“This is a tag team competition, so you four better follow my instructions and not act alone,” Jared said cooly. His arrogant attitude caused others to frown.
“Who the hell do you think you are? Why should we listen to you?” A round-faced contestant demanded.
Jared sneered, “Because I’m the first disciple of Steeljaws Fellowship and the rank twelfth on The Heavenly Immortals. Does that answer your question?”
“The twelfth?” The other contestant immediately shut his mouth. The other two contestants fell
silent as well.
Although they were also on The Heavenly Immortals, their ranking was below thirty, which was way lower than Jared’s.
It was challenging to advance even a single rank on The Heavenly Immortals, much less two ranks. So, if someone ranked 20 places higher than them, there was no way they’d be any match
for them.
“Any other ions?” Jared snorted.
“N-no. You can give orders since you’re the strongest.” The round-faced contestant smiled apologetically.
“What about you guys?” Jared turned his head.
“We chose a leader so that we could communicate better. I have no ions.”
“Neither do I.”
The other two nodded frantically.
The martial world followed the rule that the strongest person would be in charge.
“I like quick learners, unlike someone who has decided to be stubborn!” Jared jeered, shooting Dustin a glare.
Dustin ignored the other man and stared at the arena in the middle of the lake.
“You seem quite strong, Fatty. You’ll go first.” Jared pointed at the round-faced contestant. Remember, you have to win no matter what it takes!”
“Of course!” Fatty patted his chest confidently.
“Alright. Get onto the boat.” Jared nodded, pleased.
“The boat? You underestimate me, Jared.” Fatty smiled. “I’m not that weak. Watch as I skim across the water!”
With that, Fatty shot forward with a leap. Then he landed on the water’s surface and ran with incredible speed, causing countless ripples.
“Good job!” Jared praised.
Almost immediately, Fatty ran out of true energy. He sent water splashing everywhere as he fell facefirst into the lake.
###Chapter 802 by Marina Vittori
“Uh…” Those from the Balerno martial arts alliance were stunned to see Fatty fall into the lake.
It would have been fine if he wanted to show off, but how could he fall in? This was a tournament, for goodness’ sake, not a circus performance!
This was utterly embarrassing for the Balerno martial arts alliance.
“That fucking loser!” Jared seethed, ashamed since he had just praised Fatty for his skills.
“Pfft! Why would he embarrass himself when he’s such a weakling?”
“Fuck off if you’re a loser. Stop humiliating yourself!”
“Are all Balerno martial artists so weak? Is this even a competition?”
Glenstead martial artists burst out in laughter and mocked.
“He was too proud.” Even Ronald was embarrassed by the sight.
After all, martial artists that were hastily chosen were no good.
“It’ll be hard to win the first match.” Paul shook his head.
Why did Fatty have to waste his true energy to show off? In the end, he embarrassed himself and depleted more than half of his true energy. How was he going to fight later?
Finally, bubbles emerged from the water, and a round face reappeared.
Embarrassed by all the laughter, Fatty forced himself to swim to the arena. He got onto the
platform, drenched in lake water.
“Damn it! I should have taken the boat!” he muttered to himself.
He’d managed to cross rivers with the same technique before, so he thought he could do the same with the lake. He didn’t expect himself to run out of true energy halfway due to the lake’s size.
“A weakling shouldn’t show off. That’s just embarrassing!” A man in red sneered as he arrived at the arena by boat, a spear in his hand.
“How dare you laugh at me! I’ll kill you!” Fatty roared.
“As if you could do that.” The man in red jumped onto the platform.
“I’ll make you regret underestimating me!” Fatty gritted his teeth.
The man in red humphed disdainfully, unfazed by Fatty’s threat. In his opinion, showoffs like Fatty weren’t worthy of stepping into this arena.
He’d be disappointed if all Balerno martial artists were like this.
Just then, a bell rang from afar to signal the start of the match.
According to the rules, the match would start when the bell rang the third time. From there onward, the fighters’ life depended on their skills.
Soon, the bell rang another two times.
“You’re dead meat!”
Fatty attacked as soon as the bell rang for the third time. With a wave of his arm, countless darts shot toward the man in red.
###Chapter 803 by Marina Vittori
Besides throwing his darts, Fatty also threw a punch toward his opponent. That way, even if his weapons failed to hit the target, his punch would still be able to hit the man in red. “Such useless tricks!” The man in red sneered before whipping his spear around to slap the darts away.
Immediately after sweeping the final dart aside, the man thrust his spear forward at an incredible speed. Before Fatty had time to reách, the backward.
“You-!”
Sor had impaled his shoulder, throwing him
Fatty tried to get up, but the spear’s tip was already resting against his throat. He’d be killed if he made any sudden movements now.
“You’ve lost,” The man in red said condescendingly.
“W-who on earth are you?” Fatty was terrified.
He never imagined that he’d be beaten so quickly and effortlessly.
“Listen well. I’m Oscar Winston, and I’m the eleventh on The Heavenly Immortals,” the man in
red announced proudly.
“Eleventh on The Heavenly Immortals?” Fatty was shocked. No wonder his opponent was so strong.
Curse his rotten luck!
“What are you waiting for? Scram!” Oscar used his spear to flip Fatty back into the lake, and the
latter had no choice but to swim back to shore.
Ultimately, the Balerno martial arts alliance lost the first round terribly.
“Sir Reeds, your men seem quite weak. Can’t you choose someone stronger?” A bearded man chuckled from inside the Glenstead martial arts alliance’s gazebo.
This man was the leader of the Glenstead martial arts alliance, Conrad Melling. Next to him was
Brutus Grint, Zen Order’s guildmaster.
“You shouldn’t celebrate so early, Sir Melling. No one can tell what will happen for sure,” Ronald
responded.
-Although they weren’t speaking very loudly, their voices could still be heard from across the
lake.
“Sure. Let’s keep watching!” Conrad laughed louder.
“Who’ll go next?” Jared turned to look at the remaining three contestants and pointed at the man
in black next to him. “You’re up!”
“But Oscar Winston is eleventh on The Heavenly Immortals, I’m no match for him!” The man in
black exclaimed.
“I’m not asking you to defeat him. You just have to make him use up his true energy. If you exhaust his true energy, I’ll be able to defeat him easily!” Jared humphed.
“What? Doesn’t that mean that you’re just going to use me as your stepping stone?” The man in black was displeased
“This is the best solution. I’ll give you some credit once I win the tournament,” Jared persuaded.
Jared ranked lower than Oscar on The Heavenly Immortals, so his chances of winning the battle head-on were only fifty percent.
Thus, he had to use others to exhaust Oscar’s true energy if he wanted a winning chance.
“Alright. I’ll fight to the death for our alliance!” The man in black steeled himself and promised.
It was a matter of honor, so he had no other choice
“Remember, hold him back for as long as possible,” Jared reminded.
“Don’t worry, Jared. I might not be able to defeat him, but I can still slow him down. Just wait and see!”
The man in black leaped onto the boat and glided toward the arena.
Three minutes later, there was a pained wail as he was thrown off the platform and into the lake.
###Chapter 804 by Marina Vittori
The man in black hadn’t even landed three hits on Oscar before he was thrown into the lake.
Those from the Balerno martial arts alliance couldn’t help feeling pissed at how poorly their contestants performed.
Since the first match, they hadn’t even fended off any of Oscar’s attacks. Forget slowing him down; they weren’t even challenging enough to be his warm-up.
“What the hell? How could the alliance send such shitty contestants? It’s so humiliating!”
“Ugh, I can’t stand how easily those from Glenstead are beating us!”
“I wouldn’t have come if I knew they would be so weak. It just pisses me off!”
Many people in the audience began to curse.
It would have been fine if it was one terrible match, but there was no way they could stand still after seeing how Balerno lost two matches in a row.
After all, the match took place in Balerno’s territory, and most of the audience were Balerno martial artists. They weren’t happy to see their men losing to Glenstead on their land.
“Those losers!” Jared swore softly, angry at the first two contestants.
Although Ronald remained quiet, he was displeased as well. The three substitutes he found were clearly lacking compared to the initial three contestants.
“You’re up next!” Jared turned his attention to the third contestant, a man in gray.
“Your mission is the same as the guy earlier. Try your best to tire Oscar out instead of facing him head-on. Got it?”
“I-I’ll try.” The man in gray gulped nervously.
He knew there was no way he could beat Oscar, so all that was left to see was just how long he
could hold the other man back.
Anxiously, he climbed into the boat and headed toward the arena.
Three minutes later, there was a scream as the man in gray was tossed into the lake after less
than ten strikes.
Water splashed everywhere before bubbles slowly rose to the surface of the water.
“Balerno martial artists are so weak! How could they lose three matches consecutively?”
“I didn’t expect them to be so weak. I thought it was going to be a fantastic battle.”
“Well, Oscar can take care of all five by himself!”
Those from the Glenstead martial arts alliance laughed while those from Balerno struggled to rein in their anger.
Some even left in disappointment since there was no point watching anymore.
“What’s going on, Sir Reeds? Aren’t we winning too easily? This is getting boring.” Conrad smiled
mockingly. His words were like knives to the heart.
“That’s odd. Why are the Balerno martial artists so weak?” Brutus was puzzled.
He had participated in the last tournament, and both sides had been evenly matched. But
Glenstead was winning too easily today.
“I heard that three of their contestants were poisoned, so they just grabbed three fighters to fill in the empty seats,” Conrad answered with a smile.
“They were poisoned? Who was the culprit?” Brutus was surprised.
“Who knows? It wasn’t me, at least.” Conrad shrugged.
Although he wanted to win, he couldn’t resort to such despicable tricks.
Meanwhile, in the Balerno gazebo, Ronald turned to look at Dustin and Jared: “We can’t afford
to lose again. Which one of you is confident enough to win?”
“I’ll do it.” Jared volunteered before Dustin could.
“Are you sure?” Ronald raised an eyebrow.
“We’ll be doomed if we rely on him. I’m the only one with a winning chance against Oscar now!” Jared sneered at Dustin.
He realized that relying on the substitutes to tire Oscar out had wasted time. He had to face Oscar himself.
“Alright. We’re counting on you.” Ronald patted Jared’s shoulder.
“I’ll definitely win!” Jared leaped onto the boat and headed straight toward the arena.
“Hey, look! It’s Jared!”
“Good luck, Jared! Make us proud!”
“Jared will be able to defeat that arrogant bastard!”
Boulderthorn disciples perked up when they saw Jared-even the martial artists who had been. leaving stopped in their tracks.
###Chapter 805 by Marina Vittori
Now that their strongest fighter had appeared, they hoped he could save Balerno’s reputation.
“Who are you?” As Jared stepped onto the platform, Oscar swung his spear and pointed its head toward him.
“Jared Yancy. Twelfth on The Heavenly Immortals.” Jared glared at Oscar. “I see.” Oscar narrowed his eyes, his expression turning serious.
They were outstanding individuals on The Heavenly Immortals and were only one rank apart. In other words, their skills were more or less on par. There was a chance of losing if they underestimated their enemy.
“I’ll win this match! Once I do, I’ll use you as my stepping stone to make my way up the top ten of the list!” Jared drew his sword.
“Really? Let’s see about that.” Oscar chuckled icily.
He gripped his spear with both hands firmly and got into position.
Soon, the bell rang three times.
They shot toward each other and began attacking.
Instantly, metal clanged, and sparks flew as they countered each others’ attacks. A crazy amount of true energy burst forth and whirled around the two fighters. It caused ripples in the lake and, the wind to soar.
Jared’s sword skills relied on pure strength, while Oscar’s spear skills relied on his agility and fluidity. The battle was exciting since the two of them were evenly matched.
“Take him down, Jared!”
“You can do it, Jared! Show him who’s boss!”
The Boulderthorn disciples shouted animatedly. Jared wasn’t just representing the Balerno martial arts alliance anymore. He was also representing Boulderthorn.
In the gazebo, Patrick asked, “Who do you think will win, Grandpa?”
“I can’t tell since they’re evenly matched.” Paul narrowed his eyes.
“I hope Jared wins, or Dustin’s responsibility will be huge.” Patrick sighed.
“You’ve got to win!”
Everyone’s eyes were glued to the tense battle. They’d still have a winning chance if Jared won, but if he lost, it would be game over.
As time ticked by, they began to fight more aggressively. They had practically exhausted their true energy, so they relied on sheer willpower and could lose at any moment.
“Go to hell!”
With a loud cry, the two mustered their remaining strength for the last attack to determine the
winner.
Jared swung his sword and sliced Oscar’s spear in half before driving the blade into Oscar’s shoulder. At the same time, Oscar thrust the remaining half of his spear into Jared’s chest.
In the end, Oscar collapsed onto the ground, throwing up blood, while Jared flew backward from the momentum and fell into the lake with a splash.
Both of them were severely wounded. However, according to the rules, Oscar won!
“He lost?” The Balerno martial artists were devastated by the result.
This was the first time they had ever lost four times in a row, leaving all of them disheartened.
They only had one contestant left. There was no way they could expect Dustin to perform a miracle and turn the table.
###Chapter 806 by Marina Vittori
“Oh no… There goes our chance of winning.”
“How did things turn out this way? How could we have lost every single round?”
“The Knighthood Society tournament this year is an embarrassment for all of us martial artists from Balerno!”
Jared’s defeat sent the Balerno martial arts alliance into low spirits. There was anger,
disappointment, helplessness, and also resentment.
Both sides had always been on the same level in the previous Knighthood Society tournaments, making it an exciting event for everyone. No matter the outcome, they always gave their all and gained the audience’s respect.
But the tournament today was unexpectedly depressing for the Balerno martial arts alliance. They had been crushed in the first three rounds, and there wasn’t anything worth watching.
Things seemed to look up for them in the fourth round. In the end, they still lost. They have now consecutively lost for four matches and were utterly humiliated. It was truly shameful.
“No… That’s impossible! My senior is the best fighter out there! How could he be defeated?”
“It was obvious that Jared had hit Oscar first. What a shame that he was thrown off the platform!”
The Boulderthorn disciples found it hard to accept the outcome. Jared’s abilities were considered/ the best among the younger generation of Boulderthorn disciples. It was a pity that he lost.
“I guess we don’t have a chance of winning the tournament this year, sir.” Ronald sighed helplessly.
If Jared had won, there was still hope of turning the table. But now that Jared had lost, there was no way they’d be able to win anymore.
“We still have one more person left. We haven’t lost yet,” Paul said seriously.
“But sir, we have only Rhys left. How can he possibly defeat the five aces of Glenstead alone?”
Ronald shook his head.
“Well, now that Oscar is wounded, only four of them are left.” Paul corrected.
“Sir, even if Oscar can’t fight anymore, Glenstead still has four more contestants. And all four of
them are stronger than Oscar! Rhys doesn’t stand a chance against all four of them!” Ronald smiled wryly.
It was tough enough to fight against Oscar, who was ranked 11th out of the Heavenly Immortals. But the remaining four were experts in the top ten ranking of the Heavenly Immortals.
It was true that Dustin had defeated Terry Doyle, who had ranked 13th. But his chances of winning against those in the top ten rankings were low. Now he was going up against four of them by himself. It was impossible for him.
“Let’s just give it a try. We have no other options now.” Paul sighed. Deep down, he knew that with just Dustin alone, it would take a miracle for him to turn the tables.
He hoped that Dustin would win just one round. At least then, they wouldn’t be so embarrassed. It would make them the greatest joke ever if they were to lose five consecutive rounds.
When the wounded Jared was helped out of the lake, he was soaked from head to toe. His expression was dark.
It made him even more embarrassed, especially with everyone looking at him. He had gone up so confidently but ended up losing. It was humiliating.
“Jared! Are you alright?” A group of disciples from the Steeljaws Fellowship hurriedly rushed over to him.
“Just some minor injuries. It’s not a big deal,” Jared forced himself to say.
“Hah! Still acting tough when he can’t even stand straight.” Azalea, who stood behind Dustin, couldn’t resist mocking.
“Shut up! Had Oscar not thrown a surprise attack, do you think he’d be able to beat Jared?” Devon glared at her.
“That’s right! Oscar would have died had Jared not spared him some mercy!” others added.
“You should learn to admit your defeats. It’s embarrassing to make excuses when you’ve lost. Azalea rolled her eyes.
“You-!” Jared was so flustered, and with his internal injuries, he coughed up blood.
“Wow! Are you even coughing up blood now? You better hurry to a hospital or something. We’d hate to see you die here,” Azalea taunted.
“You bitch! You’re asking for it!” Devon’s temper flared. But as he was about to get violent, he noticed a snake’s head poking from the collar of Azalea’s shirt.
He immediately pulled his hand back in fear when the venomous snake hissed. If he were to be bitten by the snake, he might lose his arm on the spot, just as his fellow guild member had.
“If you’re so good, why don’t you go up there and fight?” Desmond challenged.
“I’m not. But my man is.” Azalea linked her arm with Dustin’s, a boastful expression on her face.
###Chapter 807 by Marina Vittori
Dustin glanced at Azalea and pulled his arm away from her grasp. “Him? How strong do you think he is? He isn’t even fit to be compared to Jared!” Desmond mocked.
“Exactly! Jared’s ranked 12th among the Heavenly Immortals! This bastard isn’t even worthy to be near him!” Devon exclaimed. “If Jared’s so great, why did he lose earlier?” Dustin countered. That simple question silenced everyone.
“Hmph! I’ve indeed lost, but do you think that you’d be able to win? With your level of skills, you won’t even withstand three hits!” Jared forced through clenched jaws.
“Is that so? Let’s wait and see then.” Dustin smiled faintly, not saying another word. He would much rather prove himself with his abilities than participate in meaningless arguments.
Right then, someone exclaimed excitedly, “Look! Someone’s replacing Oscar in the arena!”
Everyone looked toward the middle of the lake, only to see Oscar leave the platform.
Another graceful and elegant man in white made his way toward the platform on a boat.
“Hey, isn’t that Joel Finch, ranked tenth among the Heavenly Immortals?”
“Oh, my God! It is Joel Finch! We’re in trouble!”
“Even Oscar seemed invincible. Now we’ve got Joel, who’s even better than Oscar. What’s the point in continuing? We might as well just admit defeat already!”
After they confirmed the identity of the man in white, the Balerno martial arts alliance cried out and panicked.
“It’s him?” Dustin raised a brow, finding it rather unexpected.
“Haha! It seems like you’re out of luck, bastard! You’re in trouble, going up against Joel!” Jared smirked, laughing at Dustin’s misfortune.
He had already embarrassed himself. He didn’t mind seeing more people end up in the same
situation as him.
“Jared, is Joel really that great?” Devon asked curiously.
“Great doesn’t even begin to explain what he’s capable of! He ranks tenth among the Heavenly
Immortals! That means he’s one of the top ten best divine-level martial artists! Even I’d be defeated in a second if I ever went up against him!” Jared said earnestly.
“Gosh! That’s amazing!” Everyone was shocked. The fact that Jared would praise him as such. showed how strong Joel’s abilities were.
“Hey, bastard! Weren’t you all high and mighty just a while ago? Why don’t you give it a try in the
arena?” Jared taunted.
“Haha! Look at him! I bet he’s feeling weak in the knees right now. How would he even dare to go into the arena?” Desmond ridiculed.
“No way! Don’t tell me that you don’t even dare to try and fight? How cowardly!” Devon jeered.
In their eyes, Dustin was bound to lose. The only question was, how bad was his defeat going to be?
“What are you yapping on about? Joel Finch? I’m not afraid of him.”
Dustin walked forward and gave the boat a light kick to get it moving. Then, he jumped elegantly onto the boat and made his way toward the middle of the lake.
“Wow! Did he go? How bold of him!” Devon smirked.
“He doesn’t know where he stands, We’ll just wait and see how he dies!” Desmond said in contempt.
“Hah! Even I’m no match for Joel! How does this bastard dare to take up his challenge? He must really want to humiliate himself!” Jared laughed meanly.
Dustin was just a nobody. How could he stand up against someone who ranked tenth among the Heavenly Immortals?
Up in the arena, Joel stood there with his arms behind his back. He welcomed the applause and cheers from the audience with an arrogant expression.
He was determined to make a name for himself today!
“Go, Joel! Show them what the Zen Order is made of!”
“Even Oscar could go against four of them himself. Joel is even better than Oscar. It’d be a breeze for him.”
“This will be a predictable match. Let’s see how long the opponent can hold up for.”
The Glenstead martial arts alliance was confident. Disciples of the Zen Order were exceptionally proud.
“Don’t worry, everyone. I’ll finish things up quickly.” Joel gestured towards his fellow guild members by the lake and turned to face his opponent.
But when he saw the familiar face on the boat, Joel felt as if lightning struck him. A wave of fear immediately overwhelmed him.
“Mon-monster! The monster is here!” After mumbling to himself for a bit, Joel suddenly shrieked.
Then, without another word, he jumped into the lake and escaped as though his life was on the
line.
###Chapter 808 by Marina Vittori
With a loud splash, Joel jumped into the lake and escaped when he saw Dustin. He splashed and thrashed wildly in the water like a fish on the verge of death. He looked terrified.
Jared and Devon were stunned. Even all the Boulderthorn disciples and the Glenstead martial arts alliance members were shocked.
Everyone gaped in disbelief.
For the most senior disciple of the Zen Order, an expert ranked tenth among the Heavenly Immortals, to be scared and flee in terror. Nobody expected this outcome!
The pure fear in his eyes made him look like he’d seen a ghost. If they had not seen it for themselves, they would not believe such a thing happened.
“Wh-what? He ran away?”
“What the fuck? What’s going on? The match hasn’t even started, and he’s already given up?”
“Has Joel gone crazy? Look at him. He looks like he’s possessed!’
After a short silence, an uproar broke out among the crowd.
Joel’s actions stunned both those from the Balerno martial arts alliance and the Glenstead martial arts alliance.
“Sir, what’s the Glenstead martial arts alliance doing?” Ronald was caught off guard.
Everyone had expected an exciting match. Joel running away even before the match started was unexpected.
“Well… I’m not too sure either.” Paul looked puzzled.
He had believed that Dustin would win, but he never expected it to be so easy. He had won even without fighting!
“Jared, are my eyes playing tricks on me? Did Joel run away?” Devon could not believe his eyes.
“Joel’s ranked tenth among the Heavenly Immortals! How could he lose in such an undignified manner?” Desmond’s eyes widened in disbelief.
“Damn it! What the heck is Joel doing?” Jared frowned. He was as confused as everyone else was.
Technically speaking, it would be a piece of cake for Joel to defeat a nobody like Dustin.
How did he end up running away in fear at just the sight of his opponent? The match hadn’t even
started at all!
How could a person with such status embarrass himself like that?
“Azalea, why did that person run away when he saw Dustin?” Abigail wondered aloud.
“I guess he probably lost to him in the past, so now he’s traumatized,” Azalea said with a smirk.
Dustin was unbelievably powerful. She had not seen the full extent of how powerful he could be. But her guess was that he was almost as strong as the Dark Lord.
“How easy.” Dustin chuckled. He never expected Joel to react like that.
Dustin hadn’t even entered the arena, and Joel had already jumped into the lake. He didn’t have any intention to redeem his previous humiliation at all.
Joel splashed madly in the lake, trying to reach the lake’s edge as fast as he could.
By then, those from the Glenstead martial arts alliance were already complaining and looking at Joel in disdain.
It was one thing to lose in a fight. But to run away before the match even started was an act of cowardice and very much looked down upon.
“What’s wrong, Joel? Why are you running away?” Brutus Grint looked at Joel with displeasure, obviously unhappy with his actions.
“Joel, are you giving up even before the match has started? This is truly shameful!” Daniel Grint grumbled.
“I wouldn’t have escaped if I had a choice, master! But I don’t stand a chance against that person!”
Joel looked like he was about to cry, his eyes full of fear. “He-h-he’s the monster who injured me so badly two days ago!”
“What? It was him?”
###Chapter 809 by Marina Vittori
Brutus frowned. Daniel and the others were also terrified by what they heard. “Let’s go back, master! I’m withdrawing from the tournament this year!” Joel sounded like he
was almost in tears. The traumatizing experience he had been through several days ago haunted him like a nightmare.
He boasts of his exceptional talent and outstanding martial arts skills. He had never been defeated since he made a name for himself.
That night he never expected to run into two monsters.
The first monster was a lady who beat him up so badly with a teacup alone that he threw up blood.
Then, a man showed up, and he was even more terrifying. The man nearly killed him with his bare hands!
Since that night, his confidence and pride were completely ruined. He felt as if a shadow figure towered over him in his mind.
Thus, when he saw Dustin, he was scared to the point of fleeing without regard for his pride.
“Don’t worry, Joel. What happened the other night was just an accident. Maybe your eyes were just playing tricks on you!”
After Brutus reassured Joel, he turned and exchanged a glance with Daniel. “Dan, bring Joel to change into a dry set of clothes. Get him a cup of hot tea while you’re at it. That should calm his nerves.”
“Sure.” Daniel helped Joel, whose legs were still shaking, into a nearby courtyard villa.
“Mr. Grint, your disciple is quite disappointing!” Conrad Melling said with a dark expression. He did not hide his disapproval.
“I have not taught him well. Please forgive me, Sir Melling.” Brutus flashed him an awkward smile.
“Forget it. The tournament will still go on without him. Anyway, we will certainly win the tournament this year.” Conrad could not be bothered with such trivial matters.
Their three remaining candidates were all stronger and better than Joel. There was no doubt that those three would win.
“Who’s next?” Conrad’s gaze swept over to the three remaining contestants from Glenstead.
There were two men and one lady. The lady wore a mask and a strong and fit physique. She gave off a strong wildness.
The other two men consisted of one burly figure with a broadsword and the other with a pale face, bony figure. He looked sickly.
“I’ll go!” The burly man, Alan Barnes, stepped forward confidently. “I’ll get rid of that bastard with a swing of my sword!”
“That man must be powerful to come out last. I have confidence in dealing with men. Let me go.” The masked lady, Lexi Sutton, came forward too.
Then Torres Dale, the sickly man, coughed before saying, “I rank the highest out of the three of us. I should be the one going.”
They were all aware that this was the last match of the day. Whoever succeeds will receive great rewards and gain fame and reputation. So they were all fighting to be the one to fight in the last match.
“Hey, Sicko, you’re already on the brink of death. Stop fighting with us, and go get some rest.” The masked lady made a face before she continued, “And you, Big Guy, you might be strong, but you’re not agile. If he moves around a lot, you won’t be able to hit him. I’m the best candidate to go up against him!”
“Hah! Don’t you know you can subdue any opponent with brute strength? No matter what tricks he has up his sleeves, I can deflect it with my sword!” Alan boasted.
“I might be sickly, but that doesn’t mean I’m weak. I rank seventh among the Heavenly Immortals. I think that goes to prove what I said.” Torres covered his mouth with a handkerchief.
“You men can’t stand having a lady as an opponent, can you?” Lexi frowned.
“Cut the crap! It’s not every day we have the tournament. I’m here to gain fame and reputation!” Alan did not seem like he would back off.
“I haven’t got many years left to live. Please let me have my final moment of glory, you two.” Torres coughed into his handkerchief.
“No! I insist on having this match!”
“Nonsense! I should be the one going!”
“Well, it just so happens that I’m interested in having this match too.”
The three began arguing in public about who should fight the match.
The Knighthood Society tournament only took place once every three years, so it was a rare opportunity for them to show off. None of them were prepared to give up on the chance.
“Hey!” Right then, an indifferent voice suddenly came from afar.
“I say, the three of you should stop quarreling. Why don’t you join forces and fight me
together?”
###Chapter 810 by Marina Vittori
The voice surprised all three of them. They looked over to where the voice came from, only to see Dustin standing on the platform in the middle of the lake. He had his hands behind his back, looking totally composed.
“Hey, brat. What did you just say? I didn’t catch you.” Alan’s eyes narrowed, squinting at Dustin. “I said the three of you should fight me together. That will save us a lot of time, and you won’t have to fight over who fights the match. Wouldn’t that be better?” Dustin asked calmly.
An uproar broke out among the crowd. “Fuck! Is the bastard out of his mind? How dare he be so arrogant?”
“Does he have a death wish? How could he challenge three experts who rank among the top ten of the Heavenly Immortals?” “Hah! He doesn’t know what he’s getting himself into!”
The crowd pointed at Dustin and commented among themselves. They looked at him like he was out of his mind.
“Jared, is the fella out of his mind? He doesn’t even stand a chance against them. How dare he challenge all three of them at once? What a joke!” A smirk tugged on Devon’s lips.
“He’s just an attention-seeking clown. He knows he can’t win against them. He’s doing this so that when he loses, he can make an excuse for himself.” Jared shot Dustin a disdainful look.
“At the end of the day, he’s just given up. No wonder he’s acting so recklessly.” Bouderthorn disciples looked at him in contempt.
Dustin had been lucky and won the previous round without having to fight. The disciples thought that Dustin probably knew there was no chance of winning this round, so he quickly gave up.
“Hey, brat, do you even know what you’re saying? You’re challenging all three of us at once.
you even capable of taking us on?” Alan’s expression was dark.
Are
He knew everyone in the top ten ranks among the Heavenly Immortals, and this bastard was obviously not one of them. How dare a nobody who wasn’t even in the top ten challenge them?
“Well, you’ll find out whether or not I’m capable when the match begins, won’t you? Or, do you not dare to take up my challenge?” Dustin stared at him from the platform, calm as always.
“What a bastard! I see you’re not one to cry until death stares you in the eye!”
Alan was riled up, and he hopped onto the boat. Then, using his broadsword as an oar, he
brought it down heavily onto the water’s surface, sending water splashing everywhere.
That pushed the boat forward, and he made his way steadily onto the platform in the middle of the lake.
“You’re taking him for yourself? Not so fast!” Seeing Alan moving toward the arena, Lexi rushed forward and jumped into the boat.
“This is truly unbecoming of a martial artist!” Torres rushed to catch up with them as the boat was already quite far from the lake’s edge.
He jumped, landed on the lake’s surface, and swiftly ran toward the boat. When the boat was within reach, he jumped and did a somersault, landing breezily onto the boat.
Thus, the three of them went to the arena on the same boat.
“No way! Is he really going to go up against all three at once?”
“He asked for it. Who’s to be blamed? Even if he lost, he would deserve it.”
“He must be crazy! He’s risking the honor of the alliance just for his personal gain!”
Those from the Balerno martial arts alliance were infuriated to see Dustin going up against all three opponents simultaneously.
He might have a slight chance of winning if he went up against them individually. But going up against all three at one go was a death wish!
“Oi, brat! It’s not too late for you to take your words back yet. If you pick me as your opponent, I’ll let you have three moves first!” Alan was the first to speak when he reached the
stage.
“Three moves? I’ll give you five!” Lexi held out a hand and showed five fingers.
“Haha! I guess I’ll have to take a step back then. I’ll let you have ten moves first as a head start.
Torres smiled slyly.
The three behaved like bargaining peddlers, negotiating with Dustin to give him their best
offer.
“That’s enough. Stop arguing. Just come at me together.” Dustin waved dismissively. His indifferent attitude showed that he did not consider them worthy opponents.
“Hey, brat! Are you asking for death?” Alan was annoyed
“I’m just giving you a chance. None of you stand a chance against me one on one. But if all three of you attacked at once, you might have a slight chance,” Dustin said casually.
###Chapter 811 by Marina Vittori
“Hah! What a bold statement! I’d like to see what you’re capable of!” Alan couldn’t hold back any longer. He took a step forward, raising his broadsword high. Then, he brought it down at full force, slashing mercilessly at Dustin.
It was a powerful strike, almost possessing a force capable of splitting the earth. As the broadsword slashed toward Dustin, the lake surrounding the platform rippled from the force.
“Impressive swordplay!” The onlookers were surprised. The Heavenly Immortals lived up to their name. It was amazing how just a casual move had such terrifying power.
Dustin shook his head. Instead of backing off, he pressed forward. While dodging the strike, he threw a heavy punch at Alan.
“That was quick!”
Alan’s eyes narrowed as he reflexively blocked the punch with the back of his broadsword. Dustin’s fist landed heavily on the sword, making a dull thud.
Instantly, Alan was sent flyings several feet away, his sword still in hand. When he landed, he needed a few moments to steady himself.
“How is that possible?” Alan paled.
He felt numb along the length of his arm, and his blood boiled. The back of his broadsword, made of darksteel, had bent from the force of Dustin’s punch.
He no longer dared to underestimate his opponent and took the fight seriously.
The punch had taught him a lesson. He might have been seriously injured on the spot if he had not deflected the blow with the back of his sword.
His opponent’s strength was truly terrifying!
“My gosh! That bastard has actually gained the upper hand?”
“No wonder he can afford to act so arrogantly. He does indeed have several tricks up his sleeves!”
The crowd was astonished to see Alan pushed backward by Dustin.
“Damn it! Who would expect the bastard to actually have some real skills?” Devon was astounded.
“Hah! What’s so great about him? He got lucky because his opponent underestimated him!” Jared wasn’t happy to see Dustin gaining the upper hand over his opponent.
The better Dustin performed, the more it made Jared look bad. As someone regarded as a genius, he refused to accept that.
“He’s holding up well with one opponent. But if all three of them came at him, he still wouldn’t stand a chance.” Ronald looked at the arena regretfully.
He had to admit that Dustin was good and had excellent skills. He was good enough to be among the top ten Heavenly Immortals.
But he had been too arrogant and had acted irrationally. And that would ultimately cause him
to lose.
“Lexi, Torres, that person is powerful. It seems like we really need to join forces.” Alan flexed his numb arm, eyes darting around alertly.
“It might seem a little unfair to go up on him together. But since he was the one who requested it, we haven’t got anything to feel sorry for.” Lexi eyed Alan’s bent darksteel broadsword and flinched involuntarily.
Alan had always had ungodly strength and defeated his opponents with brute strength. But he had lost in the battle of strength just a while ago.
That showed just how strong the person they were going up against was.
“Both of you go on ahead. I’ll cover the rear.” Torres took two steps back, a cold glint flashing in his eyes.
As an assassin, he had always disliked hand-to-hand combat.
“Alright. We’ll have some fun first, then!” Alan and Lexi exchanged a glance and nodded at each other.
“Come on, then.” Dustin beckoned for them to come forward with a curl of his finger.
“Charge!” Without another word, two of them charged towa
###Chapter 812 by Marina Vittori
Alan attacked straight on while Lexi supported him from the side. They worked in perfect unison, each move aiming to kill.
In a match between experts, the outcome was never certain. Hence, they needed to gain the upper hand.
Dustin remained impassive and focused on dodging the oncoming attacks from both sides.
His focus was on Torres. The cold and murderous intent radiating from him was impossible to ignore.
For an assassin to be ranked among the top ten Heavenly Immortals proved that he was far from normal.
Though he appeared weak and sickly, that was a front to deceive his enemies. He would strike mercilessly once there was an opportunity, making even grandmasters wary.
Alan’s broadsword slashed wildly in the arena, making loud whooshing sounds.
Attacks came relentlessly at Dustin from both sides. Their movements disturbed the water around them so much that the fishes leaped up in alarm.
Dustin moved swiftly, dodging left and right to escape their attacks. But in the eyes of the crowd, it looked like he was being chased around.
“Get him! Kill him!”
Devon clenched his fists, fixing his gaze on Dustin. The more danger Dustin was in, the more excited he was.
“Hah! He can’t even handle two of them. How dare he challenge the three of them to attack together? He doesn’t know where he stands!” Jared laughed mirthlessly.
There were few people who were yet grandmasters and could hold up against the joint attack of two Heavenly Immortals.
To the crowd, it looked like Dustin was already cowering and fleeing in panic when the match had just started.
“Azalea, Dustin wouldn’t lose, would he?” Abigail watched the match, looking anxious.
“Don’t worry. It’s too early to know who’ll end up the last man standing.” Azalea twirled her hair with her finger, smiling.
“He has pretty impressive footwork. I wonder how long he’ll last.” Ronald watched on keenly, his expression grave.
Facing two opponents was already the limit. But an expert ranked seventh among the
The better Dustin performed, the more it made Jared look bad. As someone regarded as a genius, he refused to accept that.
“He’s holding up well with one opponent. But if all three of them came at him, he still wouldn’t stand a chance.” Ronald looked at the arena regretfully.
He had to admit that Dustin was good and had excellent skills. He was good enough to be among the top ten Heavenly Immortals.
But he had been too arrogant and had acted irrationally. And that would ultimately cause him to lose.
“Lexi, Torres, that person is powerful. It seems like we really need to join forces.” Alan flexed his numb arm, eyes darting around alertly.
“It might seem a little unfair to go up on him together. But since he was the one who requested it, we haven’t got anything to feel sorry for.” Lexi eyed Alan’s bent darksteel broadsword and flinched involuntarily.
Alan had always had ungodly strength and defeated his opponents with brute strength. But he had lost in the battle of strength just a while ago.
That showed just how strong the person they were going up against was.
“Both of you go on ahead. I’ll cover the rear.” Torres took two steps back, a cold glint flashing in his eyes.
As an assassin, he had always disliked hand-to-hand combat.
“Alright. We’ll have some fun first, then!” Alan and Lexi exchanged a glance and nodded at each other.
“Come on, then.” Dustin beckoned for them to come forward with a curl of his finger.
“Charge!” Without another word, two of them charged toward Dustin.
The highly anticipated showdown finally started.
###Chapter 813 by Marina Vittori
“I-” Joel started but stopped himself. In the end, he just sighed. If he had not experienced it, he would have found it hard to believe that Balerno had such a fearful talent too.
Over in the arena, the match got heated. Alan and Lexi gave everything they had. They initially started out attacking full-on, pursuing Dustin relentlessly.
But as time went on, they began to feel something was amiss. They couldn’t reach Dustin, no matter how they attacked or surrounded him.
He moved around like a ghost, and they could not touch him. He would evade their fatal strikes whenever they thought they would hit him..
They could pin it on luck if it happened only once or twice. But it was different when it happened multiple times.
It was as if the two of them were not attacking but rather being led on. It felt terrible, and the two began to panic.
They knew that if that went on, they would exhaust their true energy. And when that happened, they would be entirely at Dustin’s mercy.
“Torres! We can’t hold on any longer! You better help us out!” Seeing how things weren’t going great for them, Lexi turned to shout at Torres.
Before she could react, a black, spherical fell from above. Then, with a loud bang, it exploded at their feet.
As the sphere exploded, thick black smoke surged out, engulfing them instantly. The smoke did not stop pouring out, eventually spreading out to cover the whole platform.
The audience could not see what was happening in the arena for a moment.
And then, the most terrifying thing happened.
When the smoke came into contact with the lake’s water, hundreds of fishes within a 100-yard
radius floated to the surface with their bellies up. The smoke was highly poisonous!
Engulfed by the smoke, Alan and Lexi began coughing, their expressions filled with agony. Their skin also started turning black quickly, as if they were being burned.
They instinctively channeled their energy from within to force the toxic out of their body. But the moment they did that, they spat out black blood and collapsed.
“Torres! You poisoned us? Have you gone out of your fucking mind?” Lexi asked weakly.
Heavenly Immortals was observing from the side.
In such an unfair match, there could only be one outcome.
“Rhys, you’ve put yourself on the spot this time.” Paul frowned.
He had expected Dustin to turn the tables and save the day. But from how things were going now, that no longer seemed possible.
“Joel, look at him. He doesn’t look like he’s all that great. Why are you so terrified of him?”
At the Glenstead martial arts alliance’s side, Joel had changed into clean clothes. Then, accompanied by Daniel, they reentered the gazebo to watch the match.
“No! You don’t understand!” Joel shook his head, fear written on his face.
“He hasn’t unleashed his full powers yet. He’s just toying with them!”
This was not the full extent of the powers of someone who had wounded him badly with his bare hands.
“Say, Mr. Grint, has your disciple been scared, silly? How could he spout such nonsense?” Conrad was displeased.
It was one thing to be scared and run away from the match. But worse, he was spreading foolish lies and ruining their spirits. That was an act that deserved to be punished.
“I’m speaking the truth, Sir Melling! That person’s strength is immeasurable; I wouldn’t be surprised if he has already reached the level of a grandmaster! We shouldn’t underestimate him!” Joel said seriously.
“The level of a grandmaster? Haha!” Conrad chuckled.
“Young man, you’re sounding more and more outrageous with each passing second! There are only a few who have reached the level of grandmaster in the whole of Balerno! And I’ve never heard of a grandmaster as young as him!”
“Sir Melling=”
“That’s enough!”
Joel wanted to continue speaking, but Brutus cut him off curtly. “Joel, you should rest up if you’re feeling unwell. Stop embarrassing us!”
“Joel, that rascal is almost losing it. Why are you still praising the enemy and putting our side down? What’s the point?” Daniel frowned.
###Chapter 814 by Marina Vittori
Lexi was shocked when she saw Alan beheaded. Torres’ ruthlessness was beyond her expectations. Who would have thought that he’d kill someone on a whim?
They didn’t even have any serious conflicts beforehand. The only conflict of interest they shared was who would compete in the match first.
They had no grudge between them and were on the same side. Lexi could not comprehend why Torres would do such a thing.
“It’s your turn now.” Torres smirked, sticking his tongue out to lick the blood off his knife. He looked like a psychopath!
“Why are you doing this? We haven’t got any grudges between us. Why can’t you show us some mercy?” Lexi was terrified.
She struggled with all her might, but as she was paralyzed by the poison, she could not escape.
“I do not need a reason to wipe out you Dragonmarshians, especially talents like you! The more of the likes of you that die, the better! Now, go to hell!” With that, he aimed the knife at Lexi.
Suddenly, a silver needle flew toward Torres from amidst the smoke and accurately hit the blade. The impact sent the knife flying from Torres’ hand and clattering to the ground.
He frowned and looked in the direction where the needle came from. Before him, amidst the smoke, emerged a figure.
It was Dustin!
“Hey, brat! You’re not dead yet?” Torres’ eyes widened, surprised.
After all, the poison he had carefully concocted was one that few could withstand, apart from grandmasters. It was strange to see the man before him unaffected by the poison.
“To be honest, I am immune to all poisons. Your poison does not affect me at all,” Dustin said
casually.
“No wonder. It seems like I’ve met a fellow practitioner.”
Torres reached behind his back and pulled out two daggers.
“Buddy! Save me… Quick!” Lexi wailed in agony as black blood flowed out from her nose continuously.
Dustin sent an antidote pill flying straight into her mouth with a flick.
Lexi swallowed the pill. Soon, she was no longer in pain. Her skin, which had previously turned black from the poison, gradually returned to normal.
“Thank you! Thank you!” Lexi wept in relief and gratitude at being saved.
“Impressive! You do have some tricks up your sleeves, I see!”
Torres frowned slightly. No regular person could have the antidote to the poison he came up with.
“From what you just said, it sounded like you’re not Dragonmarshian, are you? Tell me, exactly are you?” Dustin suddenly asked.
who
Judging from how he could easily kill his companions, he clearly wasn’t a good person.
“Hah! You’re going to die soon. Why do you need to know so much?” Torres’ expression darkened.
“You better come clean, or you will die a miserable death.” Dustin looked at him indifferently.
“You’re just a nobody! How dare you speak to me so arrogantly? Die!”
Without another word, Torres vanished from sight. When he reappeared again, he was already behind Dustin. He aimed a dagger toward Dustin’s throat, which emitted a dark glint.
Without even turning around, Dustin reached a hand out and blocked the side of his neck. The dagger slashed across his palm, making a metallic clang. But he wasn’t injured at all.
Torres’ expression darkened. Then his dagger changed course, and instead of slashing, he stabbed it straight at Dustin’s back.
Again, another metallic clang rang.
To Torres’ astonishment, his strike failed to harm Dustin, and his dagger broke. “How is this possible?” Torres was alarmed.
###Chapter 815 by Marina Vittori
Torres’ dagger was made of darksteel, which was virtually indestructible. Stabbing someone with the dagger should have been like a knife cutting through butter. Then, why had he not been able to harm Dustin? Who exactly was he?
“Are you still going to put up a fight?” Dustin slowly turned around to face him, his gaze sharp.
“Go to hell!” Torres took a step back, creating distance between them. At the same time, he threw a volley of poisoned darts at Dustin. They rained down on him instantly.
With a cold expression, Dustin simply brushed them away with a wave of his hand. With a whoosh, Dustin reflected all the darts at Torres.
Unable to dodge in time, most of the poisoned darts hit Torres. He fell to the ground on the spot.
As he tried to get up, Dustin placed his foot on Torres’ chest, pinning him. Torres could not
move.
“Spill! Who on earth are you?” Dustin looked down at him, an impassive look in his eyes.
“I’m someone you cannot afford to cross. So get the hell off me and let me go, or you’ll regret the day you were born!” Torres threatened fiercely, despite the disadvantageous position he
was in.
“Oh? Is that so?”
Dustin put force on his foot, cracking Torres’ ribs one by one. Torres bled from his nose and mouth. A deathly fear gripped him.
“Alright! I’ll speak!” Seeing how his chest was about to collapse from the pressure, Torres lost
his cool.
“I’m a Shadowslayer assassin from Kimboku. I’ve been hiding in Dragonmarsh all this time, collecting information on all of you.”
“Kimboku? Shadowslayer?” Dustin widened his eyes in surprise.
Kimboku was Dragonmarsh’s nemesis. Both countries had always had ongoing friction and disagreements.
As for Shadowslayer, it was one of the top three sects in Kimboku. It produced many assassins who specialized in collecting intelligence and carrying out secret operations.
Shadowslayer assassins were a mystery. They rarely ever made an appearance and were always in hiding.
Dustin never expected to meet one of them here.
And most importantly, one who had managed to make his way among the Heavenly Immortals, becoming an expert martial artist respected by all.
“I believe you’ve heard of Shadowslayer. If you do not wish to get into trouble, let me go right this instant. Or you’ll regret it!’ Torres threatened once again.
“You Shadowslayers have been wreaking havoc in Dragonmarsh. Do you think you can make it out alive today?” Dustin asked frostily.
“I’m warning you, you better not act recklessly. If you dare harm me, you will undoubtedly face the relentless pursuit of the Shadowslayers. You-!”
Before he could finish his sentence, Dustin-shifted his full weight on his foot. A dull cracking sound was heard, and Torres’ chest exploded. His eyes popped out of their sockets, and he died on the spot.
At the same time, the crowd was in confusion.
“What’s going on? Which side has won?”
“Do you need to ask? Of course, the Glenstead martial arts alliance won! They fought three to
one! It would have been a breeze for them!”
“Damn it! We missed out on the best part of the show because of the smoke! I can’t see shit!”
The thick, black smoke enveloped the arena. The crowd couldn’t help but complain.
“Jared, the smoke looks like it’s extremely poisonous. Do you think the bastard died from the poison yet?” Devon asked warily.
“Hah! He went up against three of them, and there was poison in the smoke. No matter how great he is, he’s bound to die today!” Jared smiled coldly.
“Jared, look! The smoke is clearing up!” a Boulderthorn disciple exclaimed.
As everyone focused on the arena, they saw the smoke gradually clearing up after a gust of wind blew it away.
At the same time, a figure stood with hands behind his back, gradually revealing himself before their eyes.
But everyone was shocked once they got a clear view of the person on the platform.
The smile on Jared and the Boulderthorn disciples froze completely. They gaped, tongue-tied,
with an expression of disbelief.
###Chapter 816 by Marina Vittori
“No way! The experts from the Glenstead martial arts alliance lost? What is going on?”
“Who on earth is this person? He went up against three of them alone and still emerged victorious?”
“No! That’s impossible! How can a nobody defeat three Heavenly Immortals?”
Chaos broke out among the crowd when they saw the result of the match.
Everyone was shocked and in disbelief. Nobody could accept that an unknown martial artist defeated three of the top ten Heavenly Immortals.
“How did this happen? How could we have lost?” Conrad stared, wide-eyed in disbelief.
Over the years, he had experienced many things. But when faced with such an unbelievable outcome, he still found it hard to remain calm.
It had seemed sure that they would win, so how did things turn out this way?
“What on earth happened just now?” Brutus frowned, still in disbelief.
Over in the arena, one was poisoned, one had their head severed, and another’s chest exploded. The three Heavenly Immortals were dead and wounded.
It was hard to accept, but the result was obvious for all to see.
“I told you. This person isn’t as simple as he seems. But none of you believed me,” Joel said with a sigh.
Besides the lingering fear, he also felt a sense of relief. He felt lucky that he hadn’t fought in the match, or he would have been beaten to a pulp on the ground.
“Wha-How is this possible? That bastard… He’s not dead yet?”
Jared and the rest of the Boulderthorn disciples gaped in surprise. It took them a long time to comprehend what they saw. From the way they saw it, there was no way Dustin could have
made it out alive.
But it turns out that he had survived and even defeated all his opponents. It was mind-
blowing!
“Haha! We won! He won! Dustin won!”
After a brief moment to let the fact sink in, Abigail jumped for joy. Pride was written all over her face. After all, that was her teacher!
“As expected, he was hiding his true abilities all this while!” Azalea licked her lips. The desire in her eyes grew even stronger.
“Great job! Well done!” Ronald laughed heartily, emitting a cheerful glow.
They had all expected Dustin to lose, but a miracle happened. With his own strength, Dustin turned the tide and led the Balerno martial arts alliance to victory.
“I knew I didn’t misjudge him.” Paul chuckled, stroking his beard. He looked pleased.
In truth, he hadn’t expected Dustin to win, but he had been pleasantly surprised.
“Today’s match will surely go down in history.” Patrick was both amazed and in awe.
The outcome was beyond anyone’s expectations.
Because of Dustin’s victory, the Glenstead martial arts alliance’s morale went downhill. They all began cursing and insulting.
Whereas the Balerno martial arts alliance was cheering and clapping.
Regardless of Dustin’s previous reputation, he had proven himself today.
Just as everyone was in a celebratory mood, Lexi, who was still in the arena, suddenly bolted up. With a murderous glint in her eyes, she brought a knife down toward Dustin’s throat.
“Watch out!” someone exclaimed.
Dustin didn’t turn around. He simply reached out two fingers and easily held the blade between his fingers. Then, with a light twist of his fingers, the blade snapped.
Lexi was shocked. She didn’t expect such a quick reaction from him to block her sneak attack.
“I saved your life, and this is how you replay me?” Dustin turned around slowly, an icy look in
his eyes.
If he had not given her the antidote, she would have been dead by now. But instead of thanking him, she intended to kill him? How ungrateful!
“This-this is a misunderstanding! I-I was just joking.”
Lexi immediately threw her broken knife away, forcing a smile on her face. She pretended to look pitiful.
Dustin wasted no words on her and punched her chest. She threw up blood and was sent flying into the lake. No one could tell if she was still alive.
“Trash! What a bunch of trash!”
###Chapter 817 by Marina Vittori
Conrad was so furious that he walked away without a word. “Glenstead martial arts alliance got off to a good start. But in the end, the tables turned, and they lost. How embarrassing!”
The crowd that supported the Glenstead martial arts alliance left in a huff. Glenstead martial arts alliance had lost in a three-to-one match. It was too shameful for them to stay on any longer.
This year’s tournament had twists and turns. In the end, Dustin emerged as the dark horse. He, alone, brought the Balerno martial arts alliance to victory.
From that moment, he became the most sought-after talent who was respected and welcomed by all.
Ronald set up a huge feast at the alliance headquarters to celebrate their victory. Many guests were invited to the event, and Dustin was inevitably the star of the night.
Countless martial arts experts and seniors in the field turned up to congratulate him. Dustin was pushed into the spotlight.
The grand celebratory party was held in the lounge of the alliance headquarters that night.
“Haha! Rhys! You gave me a huge surprise today! Here’s a toast to you!” During the feast, Ronald raised a glass to Dustin.
“A toast to Rhys!” The rest of them stood up and raised their glasses to Dustin too.
“Thank you, everyone!” Dustin smiled and raised his glass, downing it in one go.
“Alright! The Balerno martial arts alliance has had its moment of glory today! Drink “Ronald chortled happily.
“Cheers!” Everyone raised their glasses in response.
up, folks!
The party soon got lively, and many prominent figures in the martial world came forward to
raise Dustin a toast.
“Rhys, I’ve got some matters to deal with, so I won’t drink with you tonight.” After having several drinks, Paul stood up and got ready to leave.
“Sir Paul, I’ve accomplished what I’ve promised. You haven’t forgotten your end of the deal, have you?” Dustin reminded.
He had only participated in the tournament to get information on the Cherusia.
“Rest assured. I never go back on my word. Enjoy your night and drink up. I’ll look for you tomorrow. I’ll tell you everything you want to know then.” Paul smiled at him.
“Sure thing. Thank you, Sir Paul.” Dustin bowed at him.
“Have fun!” Paul patted him on the back and left with Patrick and a few of their men.
The guests quickly dragged Dustin away to have a good time.
The night passed peacefully.
Early the following day, Dustin entered a car and went to Paul’s house as agreed. When he got out of the car, the first thing he saw was Patrick’s bright smile.
“You’re here, Rhys? Grandfather’s waiting for you in the study. Please follow me.” Patrick gestured for Dustin to follow him.
Then, he led him across the lawn, through the gardens, and into the courtyard.
The Hill family residence was huge and built beside a mountain. It was almost like a maze, and people unfamiliar with the place could easily get lost there.
Dustin remembered that the last time he had been there was due to his conflict with Torben. Fortunately, Sir Hill had been reasonable and didn’t let things escalate further.
“Rhys, we’re here. Please head on in.”
After taking several turns, they finally arrived in front of a house made of bamboo. It had a courtyard with an ancient charm and a unique atmosphere.
The faint smell of floral fragrance was pleasant and refreshing.
Dustin stepped into the courtyard and made his way to the bamboo house. He knocked lightly
on the door.
It swung open with a creak, revealing Paul seated on the floor inside with his legs crossed. He was meditating, and an incense burned on an incense burner before him.
“I’m here, Sir Paul. Can you please tell me about the Cherusia?” Dustin bowed respectfully.
However, Paul did not hear him and continued meditating with both palms pressed together.
“Sir Paul, the Cherusia means a lot to me. Please tell me what you know about it. Sir Paul? Sir
Paul!”
Dustin frowned as he stepped forward, gently patting Paul on the shoulders.
But the very next second, Paul fell backward and collapsed. His face was pale, and blood flowed from his eyes, nose, ears, and mouth.
He was dead!
###Chapter 818 by Marina Vittori
“H-he’s dead?” Dustin was shocked, looking at Paul lying there lifelessly. His eyes widened in disbelief.
The sudden turn of events caught him off guard, and he had trouble processing what he saw.
How could this be? Why did Paul die? Who did it?
Paul was a grandmaster martial artist, one of the five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno! Who was capable of killing him?
The killer carried out the deed so quietly without anyone finding out. Who could it be?
Dustin’s mind raced, trying hard to catch any trace of abnormality and make sense of the situation. However, he could not make heads or tails of the situation.
Everything had happened too suddenly, without even the slightest sign.
Dustin crouched down to check Paul’s body.
He noticed that his body still had a lingering trace of warmth to it. From that, he deduced that the time of death was less than an hour
ago.
And before he died, he had been intoxicated by a substance that had messed with his senses, which led to delayed reactions.
As for the fatal wound, Dustin noticed that it was a wound on his back. It must have been a short weapon like a knife or dagger.
The killer stabbed Paul in the back and into the heart, delivering a lethal blow. The blade was coated with a deadly poison to ensure nothing went wrong.
It would take an extremely skilled person, or someone the victim knew personally, to assassinate a grandmaster silently. Those were the only ways a person could sneak up on them or catch them unguarded.
“Grandfather, here’s your tea…”
Patrick walked in right then. But when he saw Paul’s dead body on the floor, he felt like lightning had struck him.
The pot of tea in his hands fell to the floor with a loud thud, shattering into a million pieces.
“Dustin! You-You killed my grandfather?” When he finally reacted, Patrick paled and stumbled back in shock
“It wasn’t me. When I entered, Sir Paul was already dead,” Dustin hurriedly explained.
Blood was on his hands as he had checked Paul’s wounds earlier. He knew how misleading it
looked.
“There was only the both of you here. Who else could it have been if not you?” Patrick was anguished. “My grandfather had been nothing but nice to you, Dustin. Why would you do such a thing?”
“Calm down. Things aren’t as they seem.” Dustin frowned.
“My grandfather’s dead! How do you expect me to stay calm? If you’re not the murderer, then immediately surrender without putting up a fight. I will investigate the matter and give you justice once I find out the truth!” Patrick demanded.
“Fine. My conscience is clear, and I have nothing to fear.” Dustin nodded.
After all, he was the only one in the room with Paul. Now that Paul was dead, he would inevitably be the main suspect.
It only made sense for him to cooperate with investigations.
“What’s the matter?” Hearing the commotion, Spring, Autumn, and several others rushed in.
Everyone was horrified when they saw Paul’s body lying on the ground in the bamboo house. And then, they saw the blood on Dustin’s hands. Rage took over them, and their eyes burned with fury.
“Dustin! Y-you! How dare you! How dare you murder my father?” Autumn glared at him murderously.
“I did not kill him. You got it wrong.” Dustin denied it immediately.
“I got it wrong? All of us here witness this, and you still intend to deny it?” Autumn asked through clenched jaws.
“That’s right! Look at the blood on your hands! I’m sure you were the one who murdered my grandfather! You monster!” Torben roared.
He had been utterly humiliated when Dustin beat him up in the past. However, he had gone too far by murdering his grandfather this time. He was too much!
“Dustin! Why did you do this? When has my father ever wronged you?” Spring demanded.
###Chapter 819 by Marina Vittori
“Spring! Don’t waste your breath on him! He must pay dearly for murdering Father!” Autumn roared. “Guards! Avenge my father and chop this rascal up into pieces!”
“Yes, sir!” Everyone in the Hill household wielded their weapons and closed in on Dustin.
“Listen, this is all a trap. Someone deliberately planned all this to set me up!” Dustin explained as he dodged their attacks.
He finally realized that something was amiss. Paul had been assassinated right when he was supposed to meet him.
It was all too much of a coincidence. Someone was blatantly out to frame him.
“Charge! Kill him!”
None of the Hills were ready to hear him out. They charged at him relentlessly, every move intending to kill.
Paul was the backbone of the family. He represented the honor and glory of the Hills.
Now that he was murdered in their home, it was only natural that they would be furious. Their only wish right now was to kill Dustin and avenge Paul.
“Everyone, please give me some time! I will certainly find the real culprit!”
Seeing how his explanations weren’t working, Dustin wasted no more time. With a light step, he jumped into the air and broke straight through the roof of the bamboo house.
He disappeared from everyone’s sight.
“After him! Kill him no matter what it takes!” Autumn shouted, his eyes bloodshot.
For a moment, the entire Hill family was in a flurry of movements.
Hordes of their elite guards and subordinates raced out after Dustin. Even the hidden guards who rarely made an appearance were sent into action.
They had only one target in mind, and that was to kill Dustin Rhys!
At the same time, over in the martial arts alliance’s headquarters,
Ronald was in a meeting with several of the alliance’s elders. They were discussing their plans for the future.
After winning the Knighthood Society tournament, the Balerno martial arts alliance became more well-known. They would completely dominate the Glenstead martial arts alliance for the next three years.
They wouldn’t just gain more resources, but they could also recruit more talents. Even Oakvale would shower them with generous rewards. They truly gained a lot from the win.
“Sir Reeds, it’s all thanks to Dustin that we won this time. Remember to reward him handsomely
1/2
for it.”
“That’s right. He’s really talented and exceptionally skilled. We must focus on nurturing him to make the most of his potential!”
The elders all sang Dustin’s praises. They have very high expectations for the dark horse.
“Haha! Rest assured. He’s such an outstanding talent. I’ll provide him with all the resources and help him become a grandmaster!” Ronald chuckled.
“That would be for the best.” They nodded cheerfully.
Once Dustin became a grandmaster, the Balerno martial arts alliance’s strength would greatly increase. By then, those from the Glenstead martial arts alliance would have something to worry
about.
“Sir! We’ve got bad news! Something terrible has happened!”
Just then, a member of the alliance rushed in. He was sweating.
“What is it that got you so flustered?” Ronald was obviously displeased.
“It’s Sir Paul… He’s… He’s dead!” the guild member reported.
“What? Sir Paul’s dead? How is that possible?” Ronald’s expression fell.
The rest of the elders were clearly in disbelief too.
“It’s true! I just received news from the Hill family that Sir Paul has been assassinated!” The member looked like he was about to break into tears.
“Who? Who did it?” Ronald was furious. He grabbed the person who broke the news to them and lifted him off his feet.
“It… It was Dustin Rhys! He killed Sir Paul!”
Everyone was dumbfounded and stood frozen in place with the news.
###Chapter 820 by Marina Vittori
“D-Dustin? How could it be him?” Ronald was taken aback. He was in total disbelief. They had just been discussing how they were going to nurture him. And now, something like this happened.
“Could you be mistaken? Why would Dustin murder Sir Paul?” one of the elders asked.
“It’s true! I got the news firsthand from the Hills household. There were many eyewitnesses too! There’s no mistaking it!” the member said solemnly.
“How could that be? Has he gone crazy?”
“To think that we were just talking about helping him grow! Who would’ve thought that he’s such a merciless beast?”
“He’s a threat to the alliance!”
After hearing the news was true, the elders were all upset and furious.
Paul Hill had made tremendous contributions to the Balerno martial arts alliance. He was a figure of great importance.
Everyone who met him had to show him a certain level of respect.
For such a respectable person to be killed evoked a sense of anger and resentment in them. And even more so when the murderer was Dustin, who was currently at the center of attention. “Come on! Let’s go to the Hills to check things out!” Ronald ordered with a dark expression.
Then, with those from the alliance in tow, they went to the Hill family residence. They wanted to see for themselves if the claims were true.
Over at the Glenstead martial arts alliance.
Early in the morning, Conrad called for a meeting with the higher-ups. It was to discuss their defeat the previous day.
Halfway through the meeting, they received the news about Paul’s death.
“What? Paul Hill is dead?”
At first, Conrad was stunned. Then, he jumped up and began laughing heartily. “Hahaha! That’s great news! Absolutely great news!
“That old man should have died long ago! Which hero should we be thanking for his death?”
“Sir, it was Dustin Rhys, the one who won in the tournament yesterday!” the person reported.
“Dustin Rhys? It was him?” Conrad was surprised.
“That rascal should be a hotshot with the Balerno martial arts alliance now. Why would he do something like that to put himself in trouble? What’s going on?”
“We still do not know what exactly happened. I suppose there was some sort of internal strife,”
Conrad’s subordinate replied.
“Sir, Paul’s death came on too suddenly. Will we be blamed for what happened?” Brutus asked.
The Glenstead and Balerno martial arts alliances didn’t get along. They also just had a disagreement recently.
With Paul’s sudden murder, the Glenstead martial arts alliance would inevitably be suspected.
After all, the death of a grandmaster was a huge matter. It might lead to a war between both alliances. If that happened, things could rapidly get out of hand.
“Why are you so flustered? Didn’t you hear? Dustin Rhys is the murderer. What’s anything got to do with us?” Conrad wasn’t worried.
“Besides, it’s Paul Hill we’re talking about. Even if I personally went for him, I can’t say for sure that I’d be able to defeat him.
“It is no easy feat trying to kill him. Only someone close to him could sneak an attack on him. Ronald’s no fool. He’d understand this.”
“So, there really has been internal strife in the Balerno martial arts alliance?” Brutus frowned. “We’ll know once we go there and see for ourselves. Come on, let’s go and join the excitement!”
With a wave, Conrad led them out the door.
At this point, be it the Balerno martial arts alliance, the Glenstead martial arts alliance, or even the Hill household, they all had their attention on Dustin.
He had gone from a hotshot genius to a murderer overnight.
The entire martial arts world was in chaos because of it. Countless martial artists were on the lookout for him, the murderer.
###Chapter 821 by Marina Vittori
Zephyr Lodge, on the outskirts of town, was now the base for Kirin Gang. Dustin had gone there to lay low after he left the Hill family residence.
The Hills were upset. So, there was no point in trying to explain himself to them. The best course of action was to uncover the truth to prove his innocence. Who was the one who murdered Paul? Why did the murderer set him up?
With those questions in mind, Dustin ordered everyone in Kirin Gang to uncover the truth. Everyone available was sent out to gather information.
Time was of the essence. They had to stabilize the situation before things got worse.
“Sir Rhys!” Nelson barged into the meeting room with sweat running down his face. “Sir Rhys! We’ve got trouble! The Hills and their men are headed for Zephyr Lodge!”
“So soon?” Dustin frowned.
They had just started using Zephyr Lodge as their base. Only a handful of people knew its location. He never thought they would be able to track him down within mere hours. It was obvious that someone had been keeping an eye on him and his whereabouts.
“It’s not just the Hills. The higher-ups in the alliance and many martial artists have joined them!” Nelson said anxiously.
“Sir Rhys, things aren’t looking good for us. You should escape while you can. I’ll hold them up!” “I’ll stand my ground, come what may,” Dustin said. “Escaping will only make me look guilty. I’ll have to face them sooner or later.”
After a moment of hesitation, Dustin finally stepped out the door. Running away wasn’t going to solve anything.
If he didn’t clear his name, he’d become the public enemy of the entire martial world in the future!
“Get the hell out here, Dustin! You murderer! Get out and accept your fate!”
By then, there were hordes of people gathered outside Zephyr Lodge. At a glance, there were more than a thousand of them.
The Hill family stood at the center, with the Balerno martial arts alliance on the left and the Glenstead martial arts alliance on the right.
Behind them were martial artists who came after hearing about Paul’s death. They were ready to seek justice on his behalf.
“Dustin! I know you’re inside. Come out, or I’ll burn this place down!” Autumn, known for his temper, shouted angrily.
The doors of the lodge were slowly pulled open with a resounding creak. Soon after, Dustin and Nelson stepped out and faced the thousands of furious gazes.
“You’ve finally decided to come out, Dustin!” Autumn huffed indignantly.
“I’ll give you a chance to atone for your sins by killing yourself right here in front of everyone. At least this way, you’ll die a more honorable death!”
“Kill yourself! Kill yourself!” The crowd clamored and shouted.
Their voices thundered across the skies, echoing over Zephyr Lodge. It was a long time before the voices died down.
“Sir Paul’s death has nothing to do with me! Someone tried to frame me! Please be reasonable,” Dustin said seriously.
“Nonsense! So many of us saw it! How could we all be mistaken?” Autumn yelled.
“You only saw the surface of things,” Dustin explained, “I planned to meet Sir Paul this morning. But when I got to the bamboo house, he was already dead.
“Then you guys charged in when I was examining his body. I’m sure everything was deliberately
set up to frame me!”
“You claim that it’s a setup? Very well. Look here and tell me what this is?”
With a cold expression, Spring whipped out a bloody dagger.
He shouted, “This was a gift Sir Reeds presented you yesterday. It’s also the weapon that
murdered my father! What do you have to say about this?”
###Chapter 822 by Marina Vittori
Dustin was surprised by the dagger that clattered noisily by his feet. The dagger was indeed the one that Ronald gave him. But after a few drinks last night, he had put it in his room.
He hadn’t paid the dagger much attention this morning when he left for the Hill family residence. He hadn’t expected it would be the weapon that killed Paul!
And because of that, he was now the prime suspect! “Well? Do you have anything else to say? Are you going to tell me that the dagger had been stolen? “Spring asked darkly.
Dustin furrowed his brow. He swallowed back the words on the tip of his tongue.
It was true. He indeed wanted to say that the dagger had been stolen. But at this point, no one was going to believe that.
“Rascal, we’ve got solid evidence now. Let’s see how you get out of this!” Autumn roared.
“Dad! Don’t waste your breath on him. Just kill him right now to avenge Granddad!” Torben egged him on from behind.
“Dustin! Did you really kill Sir Paul?” Ronald, who had been quiet the entire time, finally spoke up. “Why did you do it? He had always viewed you as his successor. Why would you do that?”
“We trusted you so much! How could you kill Sir Paul? You beast!” Many members of the alliance shouted.
Paul was a respectable figure. Many of them in the alliance had received kindness and guidance from him. With his death, they were both saddened and angry.
“Sir Reeds, I’m innocent! Someone framed me. Think about it. I hold no grudges against Sir Paul! Why would I do this?” Dustin frowned.
“You’re the only one who can answer that. Who exactly are you?” Spring shouted.
“I know who he is!” Just then, a masked lady stepped out of the crowd. It was Lexi, the one Dustin had gone up against just the day before.
She pointed at Dustin and said venomously, “This man is from Kimboku. He’s an assassin from Shadowslayer. He has been staying undercover in Dragonmarsh to assassinate Dragonmarshian experts!”
The crowd was sent into an uproar.
“What? An assassin from Kimboku?”
“Damn it! No wonder the rascal killed Sir Paul! He’s a traitor!”
“He’s an enemy of the state! People like him deserve to die!”
Everyone was riled up. They had assumed that it was just a personal grudge, until now. But this was tied to the entire nation!
1/2
“I have shown you mercy and spared your life. Why are you spreading lies about me?”
Dustin’s gaze shot over to Lexi. He hadn’t used all his strength in the punch yesterday and had spared her. He didn’t expect his kind gesture would put him in trouble.
“Stop denying it! I heard you clearly yesterday! You’re a spy from Kimboku! You were the one who poisoned all three of us from the Glenstead martial arts alliance!” Lexi yelled.
“So that’s what happened! I was wondering how the experts got poisoned! So this bastard was behind it!”
“We can’t let him get away with this! Take him down*!”
“Charge! Slay the national traitor!”
As the shouts rang out, many martial artists charged forward with fury.
They had already lost all sense of rationality. It no longer mattered to them who was in the wrong.
They were convinced that Dustin was the murderer and were out to kill him!
“Calm down, all of you!”
With a forceful stomp, an explosion sounded. A large crater formed at Dustin’s feet where he had
stomped.
He unleashed a burst of energy. Then, all the martial artists rushing toward him were swept off
their feet.
“This person is powerful! Attack together!”
As tens of the men fell, more of them charged toward Dustin with bloodlust.
Dustin frowned. Just as he was about to channel his energy again, a large group of men appeared.
Their numbers were vast, and they appeared from all around. It was the disciples of the Kirin
Gang!
“Hold it right there! Who dares harm Sir Rhys?” Cornelius, from the Darklaws, shouted. He was at the forefront of the men, leading them forward.
Then, along with the four major guilds, they surrounded all the people from the Balerno and
Glenstead martial arts alliance.
###Chapter 823 by Marina Vittori
There were just slightly more than a thousand people from the alliances. However, the disciples of the Kirin Gang added up to over five thousand people.
Skills aside, just their numbers alone were enough to scare their opponents. Those clamoring to kill Dustin earlier on now kept their mouths shut.
The people from Kirin Gang not only had knives with them. Some of the elites even had firearms. Unless one was a grandmaster, they could not hold up against those weapons.
“Sir Rhys, are you alright?” Cornelius and a group of elites from Kirin Gang rushed up to Dustin. They formed a circle around him, protecting him from the crowd.
“I’m fine.” Dustin shook his head.
If he wished to leave, no one could stop him. But he might have to live with the label of a murderer and be hated by everyone for the rest of his life.
“Dustin! Do you honestly think your underlings can fend off the Hill family’s hidden guards?” Spring took a step forward aggressively.
Though the Kirin Gang had the numbers, the hidden guards could easily wipe them all out. Of course, they would also suffer a great loss.
“And it’s not just the Hill family’s hidden guards! There’s also us, elites from the alliance!” Several elders from the alliance stepped forward with stern gazes.
So what if Kirin Gang had the numbers? In the face of true experts, these weaklings amounted to nothing!
“Dustin, surrender yourself if you do not wish to sacrifice innocent lives,” Ronald warned.
“Sir Reeds, I have no intention of making an enemy out of everyone.” Dustin waved his hand, signaling for the disciples of the Kirin Gang to disperse.
Then, he continued, “I know I’m the prime suspect, but please give me a chance to prove my innocence.
“Sir Paul’s death is odd, and there are too many points of suspicion surrounding it. I hope to investigate it.”
“Investigate my foot! You’re the murderer!” Autumn shouted.
“If I were really the murderer, would I just wait for you to catch me? Wouldn’t it be better for me to escape immediately?” Dustin countered.
“Well…” Autumn was at a loss for words.
The rest of the people also exchanged puzzled glances. Things did seem strange.
“Hmph! Maybe you were just trying to luck out, hoping we wouldn’t find you!” Torben said.
“Fine! Then tell me, who would leave behind a weapon that carried their identity after killing someone? Do you think I’m that stupid?” Dustin challenged.
1/2
That was enough to shut Torben up. Even the crowd also seemed to show a thoughtful expression.
They had only followed what others said without giving it much thought. Their anger had completely clouded their judgment.
Now that Dustin pointed it out, there were indeed many points of suspicion.
“What you said makes sense, but that doesn’t prove your innocence. You were the only one present when my father died!” Spring said frostily
“That’s why I said I need time to prove my innocence. I will certainly find out who the real murderer is!” Dustin said solemnly.
“How long will you need?”
“Seven days,” Dustin blurted. “I’ll uncover the truth within seven days!”
“Fine! I’ll give you seven days. If you can’t prove you’re innocent by then, be prepared to face the consequences!” Ronald declared.
“Sure!” Dustin agreed.
“Sir Reeds! What are you doing? This is the man who assassinated my father!” Autumn lost his cool.
“There’s something fishy going on. We need to get to the bottom of things. If he really is the murderer, I’ll kill him to avenge Sir Paul!” Ronald said sombrely.
“Sir Reeds, what if he escapes?” Autumn frowned.
“That’s right! How will we find him if he escapes?” Torben echoed.
“If I set my heart on killing someone, they won’t be able to escape death, no matter where they run to!” Ronald said coldly.
“There’s no need for such hassle.” Conrad stepped forward.
He said with a smile, “This here is a Septemortis. If you don’t take the antidote within seven days, you’ll surely die. You can have this.”
Then, with a flick of his finger, he sent a black pill flying toward Dustin. It landed squarely on his palm.
Septemortis was one of the ten deadliest poisons to ever exist. It was capable of poisoning even grandmasters!
###Chapter 824 by Marina Vittori
“Septemortis?” Everyone looked wary of the black pill. It was an extremely poisonous substance. Once consumed, death was certain if one didn’t have the antidote.
No one could resist the poison’s effect, regardless of their cultivation. It was something that struck fear in everyone’s hearts.
“Dustin! If your conscience is clear, then take the pill!” Spring shouted at him. “That’s right! If you don’t take the pill to show you’re innocent, we won’t let you go!” the Hills clamored.
They weren’t happy to let Dustin go. But now that they had the Septemortis, things were different. No matter what tricks Dustin had up his sleeves, he couldn’t escape death unless he gave them a satisfactory explanation.
“Fine. I’ll take it.” Dustin nodded and placed the pill in his mouth.
“Sir Rhys! No!” Nelson immediately stopped Dustin when he saw what he had done. “This is highly poisonous! You’ll die!”
“If he doesn’t take it, he’ll die too!” Autumn yelled.
“Damn it! I’ll fight it out with you!” Nelson roared.
“We’ll fight it out!” The disciples from Kirin Gang drew their weapons, ready to fight till the end.
They couldn’t stand to see their leader forced into taking poison.
“That’s enough!” Dustin raised a hand, stopping them in their tracks.
He said calmly, “All this commotion is because of me. I’m willing to take the risk. I’ll give everyone an explanation in seven days.”
Then, he swallowed the Septemortis.
“Alright. I’ll let you off today for Sir Reeds’ sake. But you better bear in mind that you have only seven days! Let’s go!”
Seeing that Dustin had swallowed the pill, Spring didn’t want to stay any longer. With a wave, he led the Hill family’s elite guards away.
“Uncle Spring, wouldn’t it be better to kill him now? Aren’t we being too generous to give him seven days?” Torben was still displeased.
He held a grudge against Dustin and wanted to see him dead.
“We don’t know how powerful he is. And those around him aren’t ordinary people, either. Unless Sir Reeds helps us out, I’m afraid we won’t get anything from going against that brat,” Spring explained.
Then, he added, “We might as well do Sir Reeds a favor now. After all, the rascal has taken the
poison He won’t live more than seven days.”
“Hmph! Then we’ll let him live his last seven days!” Torben said, gritting his teeth.
Though he wasn’t happy with the outcome, he had to admit that Dustin was very powerful. They’d suffer significant losses if they insisted on going against him.
“Sir Reeds, I’ll entrust the antidote to you.” Conrad flicked a white pill into Ronald’s hand.
Then, he said, “I have always respected Sir Hill. I am truly saddened by his passing. I trust you’ll handle things fairly and give the murderer the punishment he deserves!”
“This isn’t something you should be worrying about, Sir Melling. We’ll handle things at Balerno martial arts alliance our way,” Ronald said calmly.
He knew very well that Conrad was just gloating over their misfortune. He wasn’t in the mood to entertain him now.
“Since you already know what to do, I won’t comment further. I’ll take my leave now.” Conrad nodded at Ronald and left with his men.
He looked cheerful and full of energy.
Paul’s death meant the Balerno martial arts alliance would lose significant support. And most importantly, Dustin, their up-and-coming genius, would soon fall too.
Those were two great pieces of news to the Glenstead martial arts alliance.
He decided to get himself several celebratory drinks once he returned.
“Dustin, I know that you’re not the murderer. But I have no choice. If I didn’t do what I did, they wouldn’t back off. I hope you can understand where I’m coming from.” Ronald’s expression was complex.
“It’s fine as long as you trust me,” Dustin said respectfully.
###Chapter 825 by Marina Vittori
If Ronald hadn’t calmed the crowd and bought Dustin some time to investigate, violence would’ve erupted. Things would be vastly different if that happened.
“Dustin, I can’t help you openly. But if you ever run into any problems, you may come to me in private,” Ronald told him sincerely.
“Thank you, Sir Reeds.” Dustin was thankful.
“Now that things have come to this, you should watch your back.” Ronald shook his head and sighed before walking away.
The crowd came quickly and left just as quickly.
Once they saw Dustin swallow the Septemortis, they knew he would die. It no longer mattered to them whether he was guilty.
“Sir Rhys, you were too rash to take the poison! Why would you risk your life like that?” Cornelius sighed heavily. He really couldn’t understand why Dustin would take the pill.
“All the elites from Balerno and Glenstead martial arts alliance were gathered here. Even with all of you here, you won’t be able to stop them,” Dustin answered calmly.
“Even if we can’t defeat them, we can take a few down with us. I refuse to believe that all of them aren’t afraid of death!” Cornelius retorted defiantly!
“Alright. There’s no point discussing this anymore. Your main focus now should be to find the culprit as soon as possible!” Dustin said seriously.
“What about you, Sir Rhys?” Cornelius asked with his brow furrowed.
“I’ll be fine. Don’t worry about me. Go on.” Dustin waved his hand to dismiss them.
“Yes, sir!” Cornelius answered and led his men away.
“Sir Rhys, your nose is bleeding!” Nelson suddenly exclaimed.
“What?” Dustin touched his nose and saw blood on his fingers. “Damn it! The Septemortis is truly extraordinary! Who’d have thought that I would experience a reaction so soon?”
He was practically invincible. However, his body was unable to withstand the ten deadliest poisons.
The residual venom from the Deadly Slither before was enough to make him unconscious.
Now that he had taken an entire Septemortis pill, it weakened his immune system.
Most importantly, the Septemortis poison couldn’t be expelled by a person’s cultivation. There was absolutely nothing he could do as the toxin slowly entered his bloodstream. Once that happened, it would move on to attack his organs.
Though the process would take time, it was deadly. And the scariest thing was how complicated it was to clear out the poison completely.
Dustin had excellent medical skills. But his hands were tied if he didn’t have the relevant
1/2
Chapter 825
medications.
“Seems like we’ll have to get our hands on the culprit this time, no matter what,” Dustin mumbled to himself. He was starting to feel the pressure building up.
“Sir Rhys, are you alright? Do you need to go to the hospital?” Nelson asked.
It was concerning to see Dustin’s nose bleeding right after he had swallowed a poisonous pill.
“I’m fine. That wouldn’t be necessary.” Dustin shook his head. If he couldn’t get rid of the poison,
the hospital couldn’t either.
“Are you sure you’re alright? The bleeding isn’t stopping. In fact, it looks like you’re bleeding even more now,” Nelson asked anxiously.
“It’s just a nosebleed. It’s nothing serious.” Dustin smiled, trying to appear calm. “Besides, just a little poison won’t be enough to harm me.”
The moment he finished talking, the world before him turned black.
Dustin had collapsed.
###Chapter 826 by Marina Vittori
When Dustin finally opened his eyes again, he was in the hospital. It seems that the toxin within him had finally stabilized. But things still weren’t looking up for him.
“You’re awake, dear?” a surprised voice sounded beside him. When Dustin turned around, he found Natasha sitting by his bedside. Worry was evident on her beautiful face. “Natasha, why are you here?” Dustin was shocked.
“I heard from Nelson that you fainted. Of course, I had to come over to check on you. What’s the matter? Are you feeling uncomfortable anywhere?” Natasha asked, concerned.
“I’m fine. I guess I was just exhausted, so I dozed off.” Dustin pretended to be relaxed.
“Exhausted? Poisoned, more like,” Nelson muttered.
“Shut up!” Dustin glared at him.
“Poisoned? What happened?” Natasha asked, furrowing her brow.
“It’s just a little poison. It isn’t serious. I’ll be fine after taking some medications.” Dustin chuckled. “Are you sure?” Natasha was doubtful.
“What? Don’t you trust my medical skills? I can’t say that I can bring the dead back to life. But I’m confident I have what it takes to treat illnesses and remedy poisonings.” Dustin looked confident. “You’ve got a point there.” Natasha sighed in relief.
Ever since she got to know Dustin, he could handle all sorts of complex illnesses. A little poison shouldn’t be of too much concern.
“Alright, don’t worry about me. You should take better care of yourself! Look at you. I haven’t seen you in a few days, and you’re already starting to look exhausted.” Dustin changed the topic.
“I look exhausted? Do I?”
Natasha immediately pulled out a compact mirror to have a look at herself. Women were always very concerned about how they looked.
“Nelson …”
Right then, a pregnant lady walked in with a little girl who looked around five years old.
“Why are you here?” Nelson obviously hadn’t expected to see them.
“Daddy!” the little girl cried happily and jumped into Nelson’s arms.
“Oh! My Sweet darling!” Nelson beamed and picked up the little girl, kissing her cheek.
“Nelson, you’ve been in the hospital for the entire day. You haven’t had anything to eat yet, have you? I brought you all something to eat.” As Cecilia spoke, she gave him a lunchbox.
“Why did you go through all that trouble? I’m a grown man. I won’t starve just because I’ve skipped a meal.”
Though Nelson complained, he couldn’t seem to hide the wide smile on his face.
“You’re a big guy and can handle skipping a meal. But we can’t let Mr. Rhys go hungry,” Cecilia retorted.
“Oh, that’s true! I nearly forgot about Sir Rhys!”
Nelson knocked his head and quickly turned to smile apologetically at Dustin. “Sir Rhys, I’d like to introduce you to my wife, Cecilia, and my daughter, Haley.”
“Hello, Cecilia.” Dustin nodded at her with a smile.
“Mr. Rhys, I’ve prepared a simple meal. I hope it’ll suit your taste,” she said shyly.
Dustin might be young, but he was still her husband’s boss.
“Uncle Dustin, my mom makes the best food! Quick! Try it!” Haley urged, excitement showing on
her face.
“Is that so? Then I’ll have to give it a taste!”
Dustin smiled and took the lunchbox. Then, he took a big bite of the food.
“It really is delicious!” he praised.
“See, I wasn’t lying, right?” Haley giggled as she looked up at Dustin, appearing very proud of herself.
“Mr. Rhys, I have a request. I hope you’ll be able to grant it,” Cecilia said hesitantly.
“Please go ahead, Cecilia.”
Dustin put down the food and looked at her with a serious expression.
“It’s Haley’s birthday tomorrow. I’d like to request a day off for Nelson so he can take her to a theme park for some fun,” she said carefully.
“I’d thought it was something serious. Of course, that wouldn’t be a problem!” Dustin agreed with a smile.
###Chapter 827 by Marina Vittori
“Yay! We’re going to the theme park tomorrow!” Haley cheered excitedly when she heard Dustin’s reply.
She didn’t forget to thank him sincerely too. “Thank you, Uncle Dustin! I wish you the best of luck and happiness and that you can rest in peace.”
“Rest in peace?” Natasha was first taken aback for a moment before she burst into laughter. The child was too entertaining!
“What nonsense are you spouting? I think you mean to wish him a good and peaceful rest!” Nelson shot her a look and quickly corrected her.
“I’m so sorry, Mr. Rhys! She didn’t mean what she said. Please don’t take it to heart,” Cecilia immediately apologized.
She worried he might be offended to hear something like that when he was hospitalized.
“That’s alright. She means no harm.” Dustin smiled warmly, not offended in the least.
“Uncle Dustin, it’s my birthday tomorrow. Will you join us to celebrate my birthday?” Haley cocked her head and asked innocently.
“Sure! I’ll be there!” Dustin ruffled her hair affectionately and agreed with a smile.
“Awesome!” Haley jumped with joy.
“Haley, you invited Uncle Dustin. What about me?” Natasha teased.
“You’re welcome to join, pretty lady!” Haley nodded enthusiastically.
“You’re such an adorable child! I’ve got a gift for you!”
As Natasha spoke, she pulled out an intricate crystal necklace and placed it in Haley’s hand.
Then, she asked her with a smile, “Do you like it?”
“I do! Thank you, pretty lady!”
Haley quickly planted a kiss on Natasha’s cheek, making her giggle.
“Miss Harmon, the necklace is too expensive for Haley! You should keep it!” Nelson was shocked.
“I can’t take back a gift that I’ve given her! Besides, it’s just a necklace. It isn’t worth much.” Natasha patted Haley on the head.
“Well, thank you then, Miss Harmon.” Nelson smiled politely at her.
The crystal necklace was worth millions, and she gave it out so easily. Nelson was impressed by her generosity.
“Haley, do you know if it’s a younger brother or a younger sister in Mommy’s tummy?” Natasha asked jokingly.
“Um…” Haley scratched her head. In the end, she said, “It doesn’t matter. I’ll love him or her a lot either way.”
The adults smiled at each other when they heard that. They were amazed at how clever the child
was.
“When will you be having a baby too, pretty lady?” Haley asked earnestly.
“Me?” Natasha was caught off guard.
She shot Dustin a gaze before chuckling. “Well, I can’t have a baby by myself. You’ll have to ask Uncle Dustin about that. See if he agrees to it.”
“Uncle Dustin, why won’t you have a baby with her?” Haley turned to look at Dustin.
“Well …” Dustin found himself momentarily speechless. He looked at her awkwardly.
He wasn’t affected by her wishing him to rest in peace. But now, she threw him such a tough question to answer?
“Do you not want a baby with the pretty lady because you don’t like her?” Haley asked again. “Hmm?” Natasha looked at Dustin with her arms crossed.
“I do! Of course, I do like her,” Dustin said with a nervous smile.
“Are kids these days all so mature?” he wondered.
“Well, if you like her, then why won’t you have a baby with her?” Haley asked.
“We’re not married yet. We’ll have a baby after we get married,” Dustin forced an answer.
“And when will you get married?” Haley seemed relentless.
Dustin was stumped.
“Can we please change the conversation, kiddo? I’m begging you!” Dustin silently pleaded in his head.
###Chapter 828 by Marina Vittori
“Alright, Haley. Don’t make things difficult for Uncle Dustin. Look, his forehead is already
dripping with sweat.” Natasha couldn’t help but laugh, trying to save Dustin from embarrassment.
Only he would get bullied by a child so badly.
“Uncle Dustin, you’re sweating? Let me wipe your forehead.” Haley took out a couple of tissues and began to dab at Dustin’s forehead.
“Haley, it’s getting dark. You should head back with Mom,” Nelson interjected.
“But I still want to talk to Uncle Dustin.” Haley seemed reluctant to go.
“It’s your birthday tomorrow, right? We can talk more tomorrow,” Dustin hurriedly added.
“Really?” Haley’s face lit up with joy.
“Of course.” Dustin nodded seriously.
“Pinky promise,” Haley said while sticking out her pinky finger.
“I promise.” Dustin smiled and hooked his pinky with hers.
“Uncle Dustin, I want to tell you a secret.” After linking pinkies, Haley leaned close to Dustin’s ear.
She whispered, “Dad keeps coughing a lot these days. He must be sick. Could you take good care of him for me?”
“Of course.” Dustin nodded with a smile.
“Here, this is a transformer I just bought. I want to give it to you.” Haley took out a toy and thrust it to Dustin.
“If you’re in trouble, you can use it to transform into Mister Strong. Take care of my father and maintain world peace.”
Dustin broke into laughter. “Okay. I’ll transform into Mister Strong and take care of your father.” This little girl was such a funny kid.
“Then it’s a deal. Bye!” Haley waved. Then, she followed her mother and left happily.
“Nelson, I really can’t imagine how your daughter is so cute when you’re so tough and brawny.” Dustin was envious.
“Heh, she got it from her mother.” Nelson laughed, looking proud.
Although his little girl was a chatterbox, she was a considerate angel.
“It looks like your wife is going to give birth any time now. For now, you don’t have to personally see the gang’s matters. Spend more time with your wife and child. Pregnant women need extra care,” Dustin reminded him.
“Thanks, Sir Rhys. I’ll do that.” Nelson nodded with a smile.
While the two were speaking, a beautiful woman suddenly walked in.
When Dustin raised his head, his expression froze.
1/2
It was none other than Dahlia!
“What are you doing here?” Natasha raised an eyebrow as her smile disappeared.
“I heard Dustin was sick, so I came to see him.” Dahlia plopped a fruit basket on the table.
“Naturally, I should be the one to take care of him when he’s sick. You don’t need to worry about him,” Natasha said lightly.
“Ms. Harmon, you were born with a silver spoon in your mouth. You’ve never gotten your hands dirty. So, you may not know how to take care of someone properly,” Dahlia replied coldly.
“Hmph, even if I’m useless, I’m still better than a certain ungrateful someone,” Natasha retorted sarcastically.
Dahlia frowned slightly. She didn’t have the patience to continue bickering, so she walked straight to the bed.
She hesitated for a moment before saying, “Dustin, how are you? Where are you hurt?”
“Thanks for the concern, Ms. Nicholson, but I’m fine,” Dustin said indifferently.
“Good” Dahlia sighed in relief before continuing, “I wanted to talk to you about what happened that night.”
“What’s there to talk about? It’s all in the past.” Dustin remained unmoved.
###Chapter 829 by Marina Vittori
“That night, I was too impulsive and unintentionally hit you. I should apologize.” Dahlia bit her lip.
Changing the topic, she continued, “Nonetheless, everything I do is for your own good. Mr. Killian comes from a prominent background. If you hit him, you’d only cause trouble for yourself.”
“Gavin does have some status, but that doesn’t mean I fear him,” Dustin said indifferently.
“Dustin, Mr. Killian isn’t as ordinary as you think. You can’t afford to offend someone as important as him!” Dahlia warned.
Gavin was a successful young man from an influential family. He also has a high rank and even commanded a massive troop.
With just one order, he could command the entire troop to go against someone.
To offend someone like that was equivalent to digging one’s own grave.
“You can think whatever you want. If you think I can’t afford to offend him, then so be it.” Dustin didn’t want to explain himself.
He knew that no matter what he said, Dahlia wouldn’t believe him.
“What? You’re still mad at me?” Dahlia frowned.
“Why would I be? You have no ties to me. There’s no need to get mad,” Dustin said expressionlessly.
“No ties? What do you mean by that? Are you going to keep treating me as an outsider?” Dahlia said with a cold expression.
“Duh.” Dustin shrugged.
“Dustin, don’t you have a conscience?!” Dahlia was getting angry.
“All I did was slap you. If you’re still upset, then slap me in return. If one slap isn’t enough, then give me two. If two isn’t enough, then give me ten. I’ll stand still and let you vent your anger until you’re satisfied. Would that work?”
Yes, she had indeed lost control and hit him. But she’d already apologized.
Did he have to hold a grudge and refuse to let go?
Not to mention, because of the mess Dustin caused, she had to make compromises for everyone’s sake. She had to persuade Gavin and apologize to him.
Only then did Gavin’s anger die down, and he stopped pursuing the matter.
If she hadn’t done that, Dustin would be in hot water!
Everything she did was in hopes that he would be fine.
She didn’t understand where she had gone wrong.
“Dahlia, it seems like you still don’t understand the big picture. It’s not the slap I care about. It’s how you’ve never trusted me,” Dustin said solemnly,
1/2
He added, “You were like this back then, and you’re still like this now. No matter how many things happen, you never change.”
“How do you expect me to trust you? I saw it with my own eyes. Could that have been fake?”
Dahlia raised her eyebrows in anger.
She’d already lowered herself to apologize. Must he try to rip her of her dignity?
“Whatever. Pretend I never said anything.” Dustin shook his head, looking disappointed.
As he thought, she was still the same.
“You are impossible to reason with!” Dahlia gritted her teeth. She was so mad that she just turned around and left.
When she reached the door, she stopped abruptly.
She took a deep breath and said coldly, “Dustin, today is my mother’s birthday. I’m throwing her a banquet in the Lunos Hotel. I hope you’ll come. If you don’t, then we’ll never see each other again!”
With that, she walked out.
That was her final warning. The last glimmer of hope between them.
Whether they stayed together and walked away from each other was up to Dustin.
“Your little girlfriend seems really angry. What, you’re not going to try to talk her down?” Natasha teased with a smirk.
“Let her be mad. It has nothing to do with me.” Dustin rolled his eyes. He didn’t have the patience
to deal with that.
“Hmph, at least you have some backbone!” Natasha nodded with satisfaction.
If he desperately tried to appease her just after getting slapped two days ago, then he really didn’t have a single shred of dignity.
“Sir Rhys, there’s good news!”
At that moment, Felix-the guildmaster of the Charging Tiger Guild-suddenly ran over. He was
overjoyed.
“What good news?” Dustin was surprised.
“We found him … We found Sir Paul’s killer!”
###Chapter 830 by Marina Vittori
“You found him?” Dustin’s expression turned grim. “Who was it?!” “An assassin from Shadowslayer. He’d laid low in the Hill family for many years. Today, when Sir Paul had his guard down, he drugged and killed him!” Felix reported.
“It was the Shadowslayer again?” Dustin frowned slightly. “Where’s the murderer? Were you able to track him down?”
“According to our investigation, he’s hiding in a house at the foot of Mount Shinefield,” Felix answered.
“Gather all the elite warriors in the gang and head to Mount Shinefield for a manhunt! We can’t let him get away!” Dustin ordered.
“Yes, sir!” Felix said. He turned around and left.
Twenty minutes later, Dustin led over a hundred elite members of the Kirin Gang. They charged their way up Mount Shinefield.
In order to not spook the target, they didn’t notify anyone else. This operation was kept under close wraps.
When they got to Mount Shinefield, the sky was almost completely dark.
Yesterday, Mount Shinefield was bustling with excitement because of the Knighthood Society tournament.
Yet, it seemed very deserted tonight.
Gazing at the horizon, the entire mountain was pitch black. It looked like a deep abyss, ready to swallow its victims.
Dim moonlight fell on the ground, casting blinking light.
“Dear, I think something’s not right here,” Natasha suddenly said after everyone got down from the car.
“What’s not right?” Dustin swept his gaze over the surroundings. He began to survey it carefully. “It’s too quiet.” Natasha shook her head. “A mountain should be teeming with animals, but if you listen closely, you can’t hear a single sound.”
Her intuition was telling her that something was amiss.
“Ms. Harmon, it’s already dark. The animals have to rest too, right? What’s strange about it?” Nelson said, unconcerned.
“Don’t you know that many animals are nocturnal?” Natasha frowned slightly.
“Really?” Nelson was dumbfounded. He never graduated middle school, so he really hadn’t known.
“Wait.” Suddenly, Dustin’s eyes widened.
He noticed a faint glimmer of light in the dark forest. It was so subtle that an ordinary person wouldn’t have noticed it.
1/2
However, he was certain that it was a reflection of a gun’s scope!
“Watch out!” Sensing something was amiss, he immediately pushed Natasha to the ground. As Dustin reacted, a spark flashed in the dark forest, followed closely by a gunshot.
One armor-piercing bullet after another suddenly shot out from the darkness. They narrowly missed Dustin’s body. It ended up hitting the car instead.
With a loud boom, there was another explosion.
The entire car was riddled with holes. The sheer impact was causing it to sway from side to side.
Nelson was momentarily stunned. He then let out a furious roar, “This is an ambush! Those fuckers!”
As soon as he finished speaking, more gunshots were fired. Elite members of the Kirin Gang were shot dead one after another.
The human body was as delicate as a piece of paper in the face of the terrifying armor-piercing bullets. A light touch could rip right through them
If they were shot in the torso, at least they’d die instantly without suffering.
However, if they were hit in the arms or legs, their limbs would just break. Then, they’d die of blood loss after a long bout of agony.
In the span of a few seconds, over a dozen Kirin Gang members fell.
Wails and cries filled the air.
Not just that, after the gunshots were fired, two rows of cars suddenly switched on their headlights along both sides of the roads.
They were all black Jeeps that were growling like beasts. They began to surround them.
The people in the cars were firing bullets nonstop.
“Sir Rhys, we were tricked! This is a trap!”
Watching his brothers die one after another, Nelson flew into a rage.
###Chapter 831 by Marina Vittori
Dustin made a quick decision. “Get in the car now! Get Ms. Harmon out of here safely!”
“What about you?” Natasha frowned. “These people can’t hurt me. You leave first. I’ll be right behind you,” Dustin urged.
As he spoke, he shot silver needles into the forest and killed the snipers in hiding one after another.
But there were too many enemies surrounding them. The gunshots still hadn’t stopped; he couldn’t hold them back.
“Be careful!” Natasha nodded. Without wasting another breath, she got into the car.
She knew that if she stayed here, she would only distract Dustin.
“Nelson, take good care of Ms. Harmon,” Dustin reminded Nelson seriously over his shoulder.
“Rest assured, Sir Rhys. I won’t let them harm a single hair on Ms. Harmon’s head!” Nelson called on a few of his trusted subordinates and shouted, “You guys, get in the car and help me get out of this ambush!”
“Yes!” they answered.
They all got into their cars and escorted Nelson’s car out. Before the enemy could surround them, they sped out of there.
“Go after them!”
When they saw someone had fled, the Jeeps at the very front immediately turned around and went after them.
But a figure suddenly fell from the sky before the moving Jeep.
“Run him over!” the commander in the passenger’s seat shouted.
The driver stepped on the accelerator and headed straight for the figure.
“Hmph!” Dustin took a step forward. He pulled his fist back as if drawing an arrow.
Just as the Jeep hit him, he threw a punch.
“Boom!” There was a loud noise.
Dustin’s punch sent the Jeep flying dozens of feet away before exploding mid-air. The killers in the car died on the spot.
When it landed, the flaming Jeep landed on the two cars behind it.
With that, Dustin took out three cars.
After a short bout of panic, the Kirin Gang members also took out their guns and began to retaliate.
Both sides fired at each other, leading to a shootout.
However, the killers were even unyielding and were more highly trained. Thus, they crushed the Kirin Gang.
Thankfully, the Kirin Gang’s losses were not severe without the snipers’ precise shots.
“What?” Dustin frowned. He realized these killers were dressed casually, but their movements showed they went through military training.
The way they backed up and protected each other, and the way they advanced, were seamless.
If this continued, they could eliminate almost hundreds of elite members of the Kirin Gang within an hour.
“They really have a death wish!” Dustin narrowed his eyes. His gaze was murderous.
Right now, he wasn’t going to show mercy anymore. Like a phantom, he dashed into the enemy group and attacked them.
Blood splattered the floor, and screams filled the air as Dustin attacked.
“Stop him!”
Right then, a few figures ran out from the darkness and encircled Dustin.
Unlike regular killers, these individuals gave off a powerful aura. From their sharp gazes, they were all top-notch martial artists.
“Who are you? Why did you try to ambush us?” Dustin asked in a deep voice.
“You’ll be dead soon, so there’s no point in asking so much. Kill him!”
Without another word, they closed in on him. They were all using specially made extremely sharp daggers; they were made to kill.
“Hmph!” Dustin snorted. He began to move his feet, turning into a ghost-like figure that flashed past the killers around him.
In the next second, their bodies froze before falling to the ground. They were no longer breathing.
###Chapter 832 by Marina Vittori
At that moment, several cars with bullet holes and emitting smoke stopped at the entrance of Zephyr Lodge. The door opened, and Natasha and Nelson quickly stepped out.
“Ms. Harmon, are you okay? Are you hurt?” Nelson looked fearful. When they escaped the ambush earlier, bullets were flying everywhere. Nelson didn’t know. how many bullets hit their car.
“I’m fine. Go get help for Dustin.” Natasha urged. “Oh, right!” Nelson immediately came to his senses and shouted, “Hurry! Gather all the Kirin Gang members! We’re going to help Sir Rhys!”
“Yes, sir!” his subordinates replied. They hurried inside to call the others.
A short while later, a group of Kirin Gang disciples swarmed toward Mount Shinefield.
“Ms. Harmon, Sir Rhys is strong, and many members are backing him up. He’ll be fine. You should head inside and get some rest.” Nelson wiped the sweat from his forehead. Then, he led Natasha into the meeting room.
“Nelson, just who did your gang leader piss off? First, it was getting framed. Then there was the ambush. Dangers just keep coming.” Natasha frowned.
“Well, I don’t know too.” Nelson scratched his head.
He usually busied himself with his duties. He rarely went around asking questions.
Either way, in his eyes, Dustin was invincible. It couldn’t go wrong following that man.
“Nelson!” At that moment, Felix and a group of people burst into the meeting room.
Felix was covered in blood, and he asked, “Where’s Sir Rhys? Is he back yet?”
“Wasn’t Sir Rhys with you? Why the fuck are you asking me?!” Nelson said with a glare,
“Fuck! There were just too many enemies. We couldn’t hold up against them at all, so our only choice was to flee. However, we ended up getting scattered. I thought Sir Rhys would be back. already,” Felix said anxiously.
“Fuck, you’re fucking useless!” Nelson finally released his pent-up anger.
“What do we do now? Is Sir Rhys in danger?” Felix asked cautiously.
“Shut your damn mouth! Sir Rhys is usually lucky, so he’ll be fine. I already sent all the disciplines over. We’ll find Sir Rhys very soon!” Nelson said in a low voice.
“Everyone is gone? Then isn’t the Zephyr Lodge an empty nest right now?” Felix narrowed his eyes.
“I can’t care about that right now. Sir Rhys’ safety is the most important,” Nelson said with a frown.
“You’re right.” Felix nodded. He took out a knife and stabbed Nelson’s abdomen.
The blade of the knife sliced through his flesh. Nelson was stunned.
Looking at the wound in his stomach and then at Felix’s cold face, he almost couldn’t react. What the fuck are you doing?”
“What am I doing? I’m trying to kill you.” Felix laughed coldly. “You’re Dustin’s most loyal dog. I can’t take over the Kirin Gang if you don’t die.”
“You animal! How dare you betray Sir Rhys?” Nelson gritted his teeth.
“It’s every man for himself. An important figure promised me that if I kill Dustin, I’ll be the next head of the Kirin Gang,” Felix said, clenching his fist.
“Are you fucking worthy? Once Sir Rhys comes back, he’ll tear you to pieces!” Nelson roared.
“Heh… I purposely lured him into a trap. Do you think he’ll be coming back?” Felix chuckled. coldly.
“Fuck, I’ll kill you!” Nelson flew into a rage. He yanked the knife out from his abdomen and thrust it toward Felix.
Felix was prepared, though. He immediately put distance between them.
He gestured to his men and shouted, “Once all the men are dead and only the women are left, I’ll have my fun with them. Kill them!”
The Charging Tiger Guild disciples took out their blades and surrounded Nelson.
“Take care of Ms. Harmon!” Nelson roared angrily. Then, he led several of his trusted
subordinates and went head to head with the Charging Tiger Guild.
However, the Charging Tiger Guild was more in numbers. Nelson only had a few people on his side; he didn’t even stand a chance.
After a short while, they were bleeding profusely from their wounds.
###Chapter 833 by Marina Vittori
“Run, Ms. Harmon!” Gritting his teeth, Nelson grabbed his sword and cleared a path for Natasha to escape.
Natasha immediately ran out of the meeting room. When she turned around, Nelson and hist men were already lying in pools of blood.
“Grab her! Don’t let her escape!” Felix yelled, knowing that Natasha was Dustin’s weakness. He planned to use Natasha as a hostage if Dustin was still alive.
“After her!” As Charging Tiger Guild’s disciples charged after her, Nelson sprung up. He was bleeding but pushed past the men and dashed to close the doors.
“Run, Ms. Harmon!” he yelled as he locked the doors.
“You motherfucker! You’re doomed!” Felix was pissed.
He grabbed one of his subordinates’ swords and slashed Nelson multiple times. Despite his injuries, Nelson didn’t budge from the door, and his grip never loosened.
“Just die!” Felix was furious and brought the sword down on Nelson nonstop. Even Felix’s subordinates frowned at the gruesome sight.
After dozens of strikes, Nelson finally went limp and sank to the floor. Blood was everywhere.
“Open the damn door!” Felix ordered and finally yanked open the doors.
However, just as he was leaving, a bloody hand grabbed his ankle.
“R-run…” Nelson wheezed weakly, his grip on Felix surprisingly strong.
“Fuck! Kill him!” Felix’s face twisted in rage.
He began another series of attacks on Nelson. Still, Nelson’s grip refused to loosen.
“He’s fucking crazy!” Felix gritted his teeth. He decided to chop Nelson’s hand off and run with it still attached to his leg.
He saw a row of cars heading in his direction when he reached the gates.
It turned out that the Kirin Gang disciples had returned.
“Sir, things aren’t looking too good. We should retreat!” One of his men yelled.
“Damn it! We were so close! It’s all that fucker’s fault!” Felix snapped, looking displeased. He reluctantly left with his men.
12
Soon, the roars of engines could be heard as the cars arrived.
When Dustin exited the car, he spotted the trail of blood from the door.
A bad feeling arose, and he rushed into the manor.
The sight of the meeting room devastated him. Nelson was lying in a pool of blood, his flesh a mangled mess with no clean skin visible. Still, his faint cries could be heard.
“Run… Hurry…”
###Chapter 834 by Marina Vittori
“Nelson!” Dustin paled as the situation sank in. He quickly took out his needles and tried to stop the bleeding. But it was impossible, as Nelson had too many wounds.
Realizing the severity of the situation, Dustin began channeling his true energy into Nelson, desperate to keep him alive.
Finally, Nelson’s eyes cracked open tiredly.
“y—you’re back …” Nelson croaked. “I—is Ms. Harmon alright?”
“She’s safe.” Dustin forced a smile.
“That’s good…” The corner of Nelson’s mouth lifted.
“I kept my promise, Sir. I d-did what you told me to a-and protected Ms. Harmon…”
“That’s right. You did.” Dustin nodded frantically.
Although he kept channeling his true energy into Nelson, he could still feel Nelson’s life. slowly slipping away.
“Sir… I-I don’t think I can hang on anymore. I’d 1-like to ask for a favor…” Nelson’s breathing became labored.
“Don’t be silly! I’m a miracle doctor! I will save you!” Gritting his teeth, Dustin inserted a few needles into Nelson’s body.
Yet, things didn’t seem to be getting better.
“S-sir, please take care of my wife and daughter. I haven’t done many good acts in my life.
“I can only boast about having an amazing wife and daughter. I just can’t help but worry about. them, s-so please protect them.” Nelson’s voice was growing fainter.
“You can tell them after you recover, so hang on!” Sweat beaded on Dustin’s forehead as he released all his true energy.
Suddenly, he threw up a mouthful of black blood. The Septemortis was finally taking effect!
“D-don’t waste any more energy, Sir. I can’t hold on anymore. P-please, promise me you’ll take care of them!”
Suddenly, Nelson reached out and fisted Dustin’s sleeve tightly. The light was beginning to fade from his eyes.
“I will. I promise I’ll treat Haley like she’s my own!” Dustin nodded gravely.
“T-thank you, Sir…” Nelson smiled.
Shakily, he pulled a doll from his shirt and passed it to Dustin. “I-it’s Haley’s birthday tomorrow. This is the p-present I prepared for her. P-please pass it to her a-and tell her that her father w-was a… hero…”
With that, Nelson’s eyes closed shut, and his arm fell to the floor limply as he drew his last
breath.
Dustin roared and slammed his fist onto the floor, creating a dent. He never imagined that he’d watch his friend die right before his eyes.
Despite his strong medical skills, he could do nothing to save Nelson.
Dustin hated how useless he was. He couldn’t even save his friend!
This made his skills seem like nothing but a joke.
“Nelson? Nelson!” A familiar voice cried out at the door.
Dustin turned around to see a pregnant woman and a little girl rushing toward him hand-in- hand.
It was Nelson’s wife and daughter!
###Chapter 835 by Marina Vittori
Before going on his mission, Nelson had texted his wife. However, Cecilia became worried when he didn’t pick up the phone, so she rushed over with their daughter.
The sight of blood at the door only made her even more uneasy. “Nelson? Where are you?” Cecilia cried out worriedly. All Kirin Gang members remained silent, their heads lowered. The entire manor was quiet.
“Nelson?” When Cecilia finally arrived at the meeting room, she was stunned. Was that bloody corpse on the floor, her husband?
She stumbled forward in disbelief. Reality sank in when she saw the man’s face, and she threw herself over the body and began to weep.
“Wake up, Nelson! Wake up! Please open your eyes! Oh, why did this happen?” Tears streamed down Cecilia’s face.
Haley was crying as well. She ran over to Nelson and kept pushing his body.
“Daddy, wake up! Weren’t we going to celebrate my birthday? You promised me you would bring me to the theme park!
“Wake up! Y–you broke your promise. Bad daddy! I–I–I don’t like you anymore!” Haley sobbed.
“What’s wrong, Daddy? Did I make you angry? I promise to be a good girl from now on, so please wake up …”
Dustin teared up as he watched Cecilia and Haley bawl their eyes out, his chest aching for them.
Full of remorse, he went onto his knees before them. “I’m sorry, Cecilia … I couldn’t keep him safe.”
“You’re a bad man!” Haley ran up to him and began pounding on his chest with her little fists.
“You promised you would take good care of Daddy! You lied to me! I hate you! Give the transformer back to me!
“I don’t like you anymore. I’m not going to let you be Mister Strong anymore. You’re a bad man!” Haley wailed inconsolably.
“I’m so sorry, Haley. It’s my fault. I wasn’t able to protect your daddy. It’s all my fault …” Dustin gathered Haley into his arms as tears flowed down his cheeks.
He had no idea how to explain things or console her, so he could only apologize.
That day, the manor fell into a sorrowful silence.
After some time, Cecilia and Haley were worn out from all the crying. Then Dustin knocked them out by stabbing them behind the necks with his needles.
“Please look after her.” Dustin lifted Haley and placed the little girl into Natasha’s arms.
“I will.” Natasha nodded. Her eyes were bloodshot and brimmed with tears.
She owed Nelson her life. So, from now on, she’d treat Haley like her own.
“Who did this?” Dustin slowly raised his head, his expression oddly calm.
However, he couldn’t mask the murderous glint in his eyes. He was like a demon who had finally been woken up.
“It was Felix! He’s leading a rebellion with the Charging Tiger gang!” One of the Kirin Gang disciples answered.
“Felix?” Dustin took a deep breath before spitting. Find him. I want to tear him apart!”
###Chapter 836 by Marina Vittori
Felix was lying on the sofa with a cigarette in his mouth in a lavish mansion in Eastville. He had one of his legs propped up on a coffee table with a bloody hand firmly attached to it.
Two of his men crouched beside the table as they carefully tried to pry the hand off. Because of how firm Nelson’s grip was, his nails had already dug into Felix’s skin.
“Damn it, be careful!” Felix hissed with a frown, kicking one of the men to the floor. “Give us a second. We’re almost done.” His subordinate smiled apologetically. Finally, they managed to get Nelson’s hand off.
“What the f*ck is wrong with that asshole? He just wouldn’t let go! Why did he have to go so far for that bastard?” Felix cursed.
He had been waiting for his chance since the Kirin Gang was established.
Although he had finally become a guildmaster and lived a much better life than before, he refused to obey someone else’s command.
He had always been greedy, so he kept his eyes glued to the leader’s position. All he needed now was for Dustin to die.
Then, with that person’s help, he’d take over the Kirin Gang!
“S–sir, there’s news!” One of his men rushed over.
“What is it? Is Dustin dead yet?” Felix stood up excitedly.
“Our ambush failed. He’s still alive.” His subordinate shook his head, looking grave.
“He’s still alive?” Felix frowned.
“We had over a hundred men and guns pointed at him, but we couldn’t even kill him? What kind of monster is he?”
“What do we do now, Sir? I’m sure he’ll start seeking revenge soon.” The subordinate was worried.
“F*ck, this place isn’t safe anymore! Let’s leave!” Realizing how much danger he was in, Felix immediately instructed his men to pack up their things.
“What’s wrong, honey? Why are you so worked up?” Just then, a curvacious woman leisurely came down the stairs.
“Enough with the questions. Pack your bags. We’re going somewhere else to hide,” Felix urged.
“Why should we leave this nice place? I have an appointment at the saloon later.” the woman purred.
“Shut the hell up and do as you’re told!” Felix roared
“Call Chad and tell him to head to the safe house!”
“Oh, okay. The woman lowered her head and strolled back upstairs. It took half an hour for her to reappear with two huge suitcases,
Chucks $75
“What the f*ck took you so long? Hurry up!” Felix was irritated.
“What’s the rush? I needed to make myself look good.” the woman protested.
“Gosh, you’re so annoying. Get into the damn car!” Felix snapped.
Felix flung his cigarette to the floor, leading several men toward the garage. However, dozens of Charging Tiger Guild disciples stopped them when they arrived.
“Where are you going at this hour, Sir Miller?” The leader of the bunch smirked.
“Why should I tell you? Get out of my way!” Felix was annoyed.
However, none budged, their intense gazes glued to him.
“Are you guys defying me?” Felix’s face darkened when he realized that something was wrong.
“Sir Rhys told us he’d forgive all our crimes if we take you down. He even promised us a hefty reward. Sorry.” The rugged leader took out his sword.
“How dare you f*cking betray me?” Felix seethed angrily.
“Oh, don’t be like that. We learned it from you,” the other man pointed out.
“You assholes! How could you betray Sir Felix when he’s treated you so well?” One of Felix’s loyal men shouted.
“He’s treated us so well? Pfft!” The rugged man sneered.
“We risk our lives for him and end up hospitalized all the time, yet we have to pay the hospital bills with our money. Our brothers who died don’t even receive proper settlements. Is that how he treats us well?”
They’d been forced to swallow their dissatisfaction due to Felix’s power. But now that the man had lost all of his power, it was time for payback.
“You guys just want money, don’t you? How much is Dustin paying you guys? I’ll pay double!” Felix roared.
###Chapter 837 by Marina Vittori
“We might want money. But we want your death more. Sir Rhys will forgive us if we take you down.” The rugged leader shook his head.
“Run, Sir! We’ll take care of them!” Felix’s loyal subordinates went forward and blocked the Charging Tiger Guild disciples.
“Good job, men! Stand strong!” Felix patted one of their shoulders. He grabbed his wife, turned around, and ran.
“Kill them!”
The rugged man lifted his sword and charged toward Felix’s men. Although Felix’s subordinates tried their best, they were no match for the guild disciples and were quickly defeated.
“After him!” The rugged man chased after Felix.
“Ouch!” Just then, Felix’s wife tripped and fell.
“Honey, I sprained my ankle! Carry me on your back!” she cried out.
“You’re such a nuisance!” Felix was about to help her when he spotted the men approaching them. He retracted his hand and spun around to run.
“Honey? Honey!” The woman exclaimed, but Felix never turned around.
There was no way that woman’s life was more important than his. Besides, as long as he stayed alive, he’d have countless women afterward.
As Felix was about to escape, several black sedans pulled up before him and blocked his path.
The doors opened, and a pissed–off Dustin slowly got out.
“S–sir Rhys?” Startled, Felix turned around. But the Charging Tiger Guild disciples were already blocking the other entrance. He had nowhere to run
Realizing his situation, Felix immediately fell to his knees and begged. “I’m sorry, Sir! Please don’t kill me! I won’t ever do it again!”
He slammed his head into the ground.
“You didn’t even bother keeping Nelson alive.” Dustin slowly approached with a cold glare.
“I–it wasn’t my fault, Sir! Someone threatened me, so I had no choice. I’m innocent!” Felix kept banging his head against the ground until he bled.
“Who was it?” Dustin asked coldly.
“W–will you let me live if I tell you?” Felix gulped and asked tentatively.
This seemed like his only chance to stay alive.
“Yes.” Dustin nodded.
I promise I won’t kill you if you tell me who the mastermind is.”
“You’ve always kept your word, so I’ll believe you, Felix gritted his teeth and admitted. “The one
“What the f*ck took you so long? Hurry up!” Felix was irritated.
“What’s the rush? I needed to make myself look good.” the woman protested.
“Gosh, you’re so annoying. Get into the damn car!” Felix snapped.
Felix flung his cigarette to the floor, leading several men toward the garage. However, dozens of Charging Tiger Guild disciples stopped them when they arrived.
“Where are you going at this hour, Sir Miller?” The leader of the bunch smirked.
“Why should I tell you? Get out of my way!” Felix was annoyed.
However, none budged, their intense gazes glued to him.
“Are you guys defying me?” Felix’s face darkened when he realized that something was wrong.
“Sir Rhys told us he’d forgive all our crimes if we take you down. He even promised us a hefty reward. Sorry.” The rugged leader took out his sword.
“How dare you f*cking betray me?” Felix seethed angrily.
“Oh, don’t be like that. We learned it from you,” the other man pointed out.
“You assholes! How could you betray Sir Felix when he’s treated you so well?” One of Felix’s loyal men shouted.
“He’s treated us so well? Pfft!” The rugged man sneered.
“We risk our lives for him and end up hospitalized all the time, yet we have to pay the hospital bills with our money. Our brothers who died don’t even receive proper settlements. Is that how he treats us well?”
They’d been forced to swallow their dissatisfaction due to Felix’s power. But now that the man had lost all of his power, it was time for payback.
“You guys just want money, don’t you? How much is Dustin paying you guys? I’ll pay double!” Felix roared.
###Chapter 838 by Marina Vittori
Inside one of the black sedans, Dustin rested his head against his headrest with his eyes closed.
Despite how calm he looked outside, his murderous glint was exposed when he opened his eyes.
Suddenly, his phone began to ring. Cornelius was calling him.
“Sir, as you ordered, we’ve cut Felix apart and left his head untouched.”
“Alright,” Dustin answered emotionlessly.
“Sir, we’ve captured Felix’s wife and son. What should we do about them?” Cornelius asked.
“Kill them.”
“Yes, sir,” Cornelius responded.
“That reminds me.” Dustin suddenly changed the topic. “Tell someone to look into Gavin Killian’s whereabouts.”
“Sir, he’s quite a powerful man. Are you sure you want to do that?” Cornelius hesitated.
“I don’t care who he is. Anyone who kills my friend deserves to die. Get it done at once!” Dustin snapped.
“Yes, sir!” Cornelius instantly responded.
The Kirin Gang had many disciples, so it was easy for them to collect information. They found out where Gavin was in less than half an hour. Dustin immediately headed toward that location.
Everyone should be held responsible for their actions. And since Gavin decided to keep being a nuisance, Dustin had no reason to hold back anymore.
At 7:00 pm at Lunos Hotel, a lavish birthday banquet was held.
As the person whose birthday was being celebrated, Florence proudly accepted the guests‘ birthday wishes with a wide smile.
Now that her daughter was the chairman of Nicholson Corp., Florence’s status had also been elevated. The sudden increase of people buttering up to her only boosted her conceited ego.
“Happy birthday, Aunt Florence. Here’s your birthday present.” Julie handed Florence a beautiful
box.
Florence opened the box to see a gorgeous gold bracelet worth over a hundred thousand dollars.
“Florence, I have nothing to give you, so I thought I’d pass Mom’s ring to you as a keepsake.”
Victoria pulled out a gold ring and helped Florence put it on.
Thank you for the thoughtful gifts.” Florence smiled.
She put the presents away carefully and glanced at Dahlia, only to realize that her daughter seemed distracted.
Dahlia kept glancing at the door as though she was waiting for someone.
“What are you looking at, Dahlia?” Florence was puzzled.
“What else? Mr. Killian, I bet.” Julie teased.
“Of course not. Don’t be silly.” Dahlia glared at her cousin.
She was waiting for Dustin.
She has been feeling uneasy since she returned from the hospital. She worried she’d spoken too harshly the other day and Dustin wouldn’t show up today.
Would this be the end of their relationship?
“Dahlia, Mr. Killian is quite the catch, and he likes you too. You better not let this chance slip by!” Florence hinted with a smile.
Gavin was a powerful individual from a wealthy family, making him the perfect son–in–law.
“Mom, I’m grateful to Mr. Killian for saving my life, and I see him as a friend. That’s it. Stop making assumptions,” Dahlia warned them in a firm tone.
###Chapter 839 by Marina Vittori
“Why can’t you see how wonderful your life would be if you married Mr. Killian? You’d have the whole world wrapped around your finger!” Florence was exasperated.
“If I want power, I can get it with my hands. I don’t want to get it through marriage.” Dahlia shook her head.
“Dahlia …” Florence sighed resignedly.
“Alright, alright. I guess the fruits of her labor will taste sweeter.” Victoria intervened, but she was secretly happy.
Since Dahlia didn’t like Gavin, Julie might have a chance.
“Look, it’s Mr. Killian!” Julie exclaimed.
Everyone turned toward the door and saw Gavin entering confidently. Wearing a suit, he was followed by a group of men.
The other guests automatically opened a path for them when they walked by. Their intense. aura instantly inade them the center of attention.
“What brings you here, Mr. Killian?” Florence and several others greeted enthusiastically.
“It’s your birthday, Mrs. Nicholson. It’s only natural that I send my wishes.”
Gavin gestured with a smile, and his assistant immediately stepped forward, holding a present.
The box opened, revealing a set of beautiful jewelry.
“Mrs. Nicholson, this is a piece of royal jewelry that belonged to a princess consort. May it bring you joy and fortune.” Gavin passed the present to Florence with a smile.
“That’s lovely!” Florence grinned.
She never imagined that something that belonged to a princess consort would one day be hers. It meant that she was a princess consort herself!
“Please take a seat, Mr. Killian!”
Florence extended her arm to usher Gavin and the people with him to the head of the table.
The banquet hall burst into lively chatter as soon as Gavin was seated.
Guests who had come because of Gavin quickly offered their wishes and gifts to Florence. Most of them also happened to be prominent figures, which only made Florence happier.
“Sir.” Gavin was also going to bask in the attention when his aide suddenly leaned closer and reported.
men were killed!”
Rhys managed to escape, and most of our
“The ambush failed?” Gavin frowned.
“We sent so many men after him, yet none of them could get rid of a loser like him?”
“He’s the champion of the Knighthood Society Tournament. He also has thousands of men, so he’s a difficult opponent.” Gavin’s aide’s expression was grim.
“Where is he now?” Gavin narrowed his eyes.
“He just killed Felix Miller, so he should be coming here. Sir, you should retreat, just to be safe, “the aide suggested in a low voice.
Gavin’s elite guards had been almost annihilated, leaving his defenses weak.
Just then, a long-haired man next to Gavin spoke. “What’s the worry? That punk can’t do much with me around anyway.”
The man was only in his thirties, yet he had a powerful air around him. The murderous aura made it hard for others to approach him.
“Dustin Rhys is the champion of the Knighthood Society Tournament. He’s stronger than you think!” the aide warned.
“So what? I can kill him easily,” the long-haired man answered confidently, unfazed.
“Well, with Spike with us, I’m sure nothing will go wrong.” Gavin smiled. “That guy must have a death wish if he shows up.”
Just as he finished his sentence, there was a loud bang as the door was kicked open.
###Chapter 840 by Marina Vittori
The noise made everyone turn to look. A man dressed in mourning attire walked in, surrounded by a murderous air. His expression was so cold it sent shivers up people’s spines.
“Dustin? What’s he doing here?” Florence frowned.
She was sure she didn’t invite him, so he’d better not be here for the free food.
“He must be crazy. How could he wear mourning clothes at a birthday banquet? Ugh!” Victoria and Julie were disgusted at Dustin’s choice of attire.
“Speak of the devil. I guess he does have a death wish.” Gavin smirked coldly.
He initially planned to take care of Dustin a few days later, but Dustin had approached him
first.
“Dustin?” Dahlia lit up and rushed over to greet him.
She’d been worried that he was too angry at her to show up, so she was happy to see him. It proved that she was important to him.
“I knew you’d come, Dustin. I …” Dahlia’s words faltered when she met Dustin’s cold glare. She was instantly rooted to the spot.
She had never seen Dustin with such a cold, murderous expression before.
Dustin merely glanced at her and walked past her, brushing her shoulder. It was as if they were strangers.
Dahlia parted her lips but didn’t know what to say.
“Gavin Killian!” Dustin hissed, his glare landing on the head of the table.
“Are you calling me, kid?” Gavin stayed in his seat, but his chin was tilted up tauntingly.
“Gavin Killian, wrongdoers will be punished. You’ll meet your end tonight!” Dustin stated icily.
“How dare you speak to Mr. Killian so rudely! You’re asking for trouble!” Dustin’s words. angered many guests.
After all, this was a good chance for them to butter up to Gavin, so they couldn’t let this chance slip past.
“Are you crazy, Rhys?” Florence snapped.
“And what on earth are you wearing? Are you here to congratulate me or stir up
“We don’t welcome you, so piss off!” Julie exclaimed.
trouble?”
spat.
Dustin
“Well, well. It sounds like you’re about to hit someone. Ha! You can try hitting me. I won’t
even move!” Florence sneered and walked over.
She leaned her face closer to Dustin tauntingly.
“I’m in a bad mood right now, so you’d better not push me,” Dustin warned.
“And what if I do? Weren’t you going to hit someone? Come on, then! I dare you to slap me!
Let’s see if you even have the guts to do that!” Florence placed her hands on her hips
arrogantly.
Without another word, Dustin sent a resounding slap to Florence’s cheek. Instantly, blood began trickling from her nose.
“H-h-how dare you slap me!” Florence held her burning cheek in disbelief.
For as long as she’s known Dustin, no matter how much she taunted him, he had never once hit her. Yet, he had slapped her in front of so many people!
“Are you out of your mind, Dustin? Why did you slap my mom?” Dahlia scowled and rushed over to protect her mother.
She never thought Dustin would hit her mother.
“I’m here for Gavin Killian, and I won’t allow anyone to stand in my way,” Dustin retorted frigidly.
“You-!” Dahlia’s blood boiled.
###Chapter 841 by Marina Vittori
Florence registered what happened and roared, “Hey, grab that asshole!” Soon, dozens of security guards charged into the hall and surrounded Dustin, holding stun batons.
“Get him!” The guards rushed toward Dustin, who sent needles flying with a flick of his wrist. Immediately, the guards fell to the floor before they reached him. They held their stomachs as their faces concerted in pain.
The terrifying sight made the guests shrink back in fear. Even Florence kept silent.
It was easy to see that Dustin was no longer the same person they knew.
“You’re going to die today, Gavin. And no one can save you.” Dustin turned, and his deadly stare fell on Gavin.
“Insolent brat!” The long-haired man jumped up, meeting Dustin’s glare with a defiant one.
“And who are you?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“I’m the Gloomster, Spike Floyd!” the long-haired man announced, causing an uproar.
“Oh, my God! Spike Floyd the Gloomster? What’s he doing here?”
“Who’s Spike Floyd? Is he powerful?”
“Strong? He’s rank third on The Heavenly Immortals. He’s practically the strongest person in Balerno!”
“Holy shit! What is someone like him doing here?”
Those who were clueless were shocked after finding out who he was.
Although Balerno and Glenstead were known for producing many martial artists, they rarely had anyone strong enough to be on The Heavenly Immortals.
Furthermore, those on the top ten of the list usually stayed in Oakvale. They would rarely come to Balerno since there was no one they were interested in challenging.
“Sir, he’s Spike Floyd?” Gavin’s aide was astonished. He had thought that Spike was merely another rich kid.
“Duh.” Gavin gave his adjutant a small smile.
“Spike is the personal bodyguard my family hired for me. He doesn’t usually show himself, so not many people know about this. Fortunately, I can make good use of him today.”
“You should be safe with him around.” The aide let out a breath of relief.
Although Dustin was the champion of the Knighthood Society Tournament, he was nothing compared to Spike, who ranked third on The Heavenly Immortals.
Spike wasn’t called the Gloomster for no reason. He’d gotten the nickname thanks to his terrifying talent for winning battles.
“I don’t care who you are, but you better get out of my way if you don’t want to die,” Dustin.
retorted frankly.
“How dare a brat like you sprout nonsense. I’ll teach you a lesson today!” Pissed, Spike leaped
into the air.
Like an eagle, he dived toward Dustin with his hand extended to grab the latter’s throat.
“That’s amazing!” Gavin’s eyes sparkled.
“That move is strong enough to crush stones, so it’ll kill him!”
“I guess he’s doomed.” The aide shook his head, unsurprised.
At the same time, Spike’s eyes glinted proudly.
“Fuck off!”
As Spike approached, Dustin thrust his fist at lightning speed and punched Spike’s abdomen.
There was a bang as the punch caused Spike to throw up blood. He was thrown backward at an incredible speed, hitting the ceiling headfirst.
Half of his body was hidden in the ceiling, leaving his lower body danging in the air like a lamp.
###Chapter 842 by Marina Vittori
Everyone was shocked to see Spike hanging from the ceiling. Their jaws dropped in disbelief.
None of them expected things to turn out like this. After all, Dustin’s opponent was Spike the Gloomster!
Shouldn’t such a powerful individual have easily won?
So why was he defeated with a single punch?
Why was he stuck in the ceiling, unable to escape?
This Spike must be an imposter, or there’d have been no way he’d lose like that.
“Is this for real? S-Spike Floyd was defeated?”
“Holy shit! Who the hell is he? Even the Gloomer was no match for him!”
“That’s impossible!”
The whole hall erupted into a frenzy after a silent pause. Everyone looked at Dustin like he was
a monster.
“I-impossible! There’s no way Spike would lose!” Gavin’s smile disappeared. He looked stunned.
He knew how strong Spike was. Spike had even used his signature move, so Dustin should be dead by now.
Why did things turn out like this?
What on earth just happened?
“He knocked Spike out with a single punch! Who the hell is he?” The aide was terrified.
As a martial artist in the military, he knew how strong Spike had to be to rank third on The Heavenly Immortals. In fact, Spike was one of the strongest people, even in Oakvale.
Yet, such an incredible person had been defeated so easily.
“It’s your turn now, Gavin Killian.” After dealing with Spike, Dustin turned his glare to Gavin
once
more.
Gavin shuddered and stepped backward instinctively.
“I’m warning you, brat. You better not mess around! I’m one of the Killians as well as a
Dragonmarsh major general. If you try to hurt me, I’ll kill your entire family!” Gavin. threatened, pretending to be calm.
It didn’t alter how good someone was at fighting. In this world, status and power stood above everything else.
“I don’t give a damn who you are as long as you die tonight!” Dustin approached Gavin with an icy expression.
“Protect our general!” Gavin’s aide ordered.
Gavin’s guards immediately drew their guns and aimed them at Dustin.
However, Dustin shot them with needles before they could pull the trigger. When they
realized what had happened, they already fell to the ground.
“Run, Sir! I’ll stop him!” The aide gritted his teeth. He grabbed his sword and charged toward Dustin.
Although he knew he could not win, he wanted to buy Gavin some time.
Dustin struck out again and punched the aide. This caused Gavin’s aide to fly backward and slammed into the wall, spitting out blood.
Just like that, the man was defeated.
“H-how dare you rebel against me!” Gavin yelled.
He began to panic after seeing how determined Dustin was to kill him. At this point, Dustin. was like an emotionless, killing machine.
The man was terrifying!
“An eye for an eye. You killed Nelson, so I’ll be taking your life today.” Dustin slowly approached Gavin, the murderous air around him growing stronger.
###Chapter 843 by Marina Vittori
“Stop!” Suddenly, Dahlia rushed over and put herself in front of Dustin. She yelled, “What are you doing, Dustin? It’s my mom’s birthday today! How could you just start beating people up? You’re disrespecting me!”
“This is a private matter between me and Gavin. It has nothing to do with you,” Dustin responded coldly.
“What do you mean it has nothing to do with me? You hit my mom and caused a scene! That’s not okay!” Dahlia snapped.
She couldn’t believe that Dustin caused so much trouble the moment he entered. Things would. become much worse if this continued.
“Dahlia Nicholson, we’ll talk about our issue later. For now, please step aside!” Dustin’s tone was stern, revealing his annoyance.
“What if I refuse? Will you hit me too?” Dahlia demanded.
“Don’t push me!” Dustin frowned.
“When did you become like this, Dustin? Are you even the man I know?” Dahlia’s eyes widened disbelievingly.
She never expected him to reply so coldly and ruthlessly.
“I’ve always been like this. You were just too blind to see the truth,” Dustin retorted frankly.
“Y-you bastard!”
Dahlia was infuriated and tried to hit him. But Dustin caught her hand and sneered, “You have no right to touch me anymore. Besides, I don’t owe you anything. So get out of my way!”
He pushed her away, causing her to nearly trip. A red handprint was on her pale wrist.
“What?” By the time Dustin turned around, Gavin had already escaped.
“Damn it!” Dustin scowled and was about to go after Gavin but was stopped by Dahlia again.
“Stand right there, Dustin Rhys! It’s fine if you’re pissed because of me, but you can’t hurt Mr. Killian!” Dahlia exclaimed stubbornly.
“Do you have any idea what you’re saying? Are you willing to become my enemy because of Gavin Killian? Dustin was pissed
He had lost his patience after Dahlia repeatedly tried to stop him.
“I’m doing this for your good. Mr. Killian has a powerful background. You’ll be in a lot of trouble if you hurt him!” Dahlia tried to reason with Dustin.
“I’ll say it again-Gavin Killian will die today. Anyone who tries to stop me will be my enemy!” Dustin growled.
“Why are you being so stubborn? Can’t you calm down?” Dahlia shouted.
“Calm down? My friend was brutally stabbed hundreds of times! How do you expect me to remain
calm?” Dustin practically roared.
The murderous glint in his eyes had returned.
“W-what on earth are you talking about?” Dahlia was taken aback.
She’d never seen Dustin look so angry, and his demonic demeanor scared her.
“Gavin Killian ambushed me and ordered his men to kill my friend. We are now mortal enemies! Do you get it yet?” Dustin spat.
“T-that’s impossible!” Dahlia frantically shook her head.
“Mr. Killian is a kind and just person There’s no way he’d do something like that!”
She couldn’t believe the heroic man who saved her was evil.
“I’ve already said what I needed to. It’s up to you whether to believe me.” Dustin inhaled deeply. utterly disappointed.
“There must be a misunderstanding. Everything will be fine if we clear things up. Please calm down,” Dahlia tugged at Dustin’s sleeve and begged.
“I don’t want to waste my time explaining things to you anymore. Move!”
Dustin stopped holding back. He flung Dahlia aside and walked out.
“Dustin, we’re over if you walk out!” Panicked, Dahlia tried to threaten him.
Still, Dustin walked out resolutely without looking back.
Dahlia’s knees went weak, and she collapsed onto the floor as tears streamed down her cheeks.
###Chapter 844 by Marina Vittori
“Hurry up! He’s going to catch up to us soon!” In a black Mercedes-Benz, Gavin urged his driver and kept looking back anxiously.
It hadn’t been long since he managed to escape, but he realized he was being followed. No matter what they tried, the cars tagging him refused to let up. So, he could only order his driver to drive faster.
He knew that if Dustin caught him, his life would be in trouble.
“That fucking retard! Why would he even chase me for killing a stupid guy?
“Just wait till I’m back in Oakvale. I’ll order the military to destroy that fucking gang of his!” Gavin cursed despite the cold sweat dotting his forehead.
He’d never been so humiliated in his life. To think that a direct descent of the Killian family and a major general of Dragonmarsh was being chased.
The worst part was he had no other option than to run since his personal guards had been killed. Even Spike, his strongest bodyguard, was still hanging on the ceiling.
Now, his only choice was to flee.
If he managed to return to Oakvale, he’d regain his power. If that happened, it didn’t matter how strong Dustin was—he’d still be killed.
“Sir, more cars are tagging us. At this rate, we’ll never get to Oakvale!” the driver exclaimed worriedly.
From the rearview mirror, it was obvious that more cars were joining the chase and closing in on them.
“Fuck, they’re relentless!”
Gavin quickly fished out his phone to ask for help.
Meanwhile, at the Killians’ mansion in Oakvale.
“What? You’re being chased?”
A middle-aged man holding a phone sprung up from his sofa with a grave expression. This man was the second son of the Killian family and Gavin’s father, Charles Killian.
“What’s going on? Who would dare to try killing a Killian?” Charles growled.
“He’s a brute who’s good at fighting. Even Spike was no match for him. He’s dead set on
killing me. Things are looking bad!” Gavin replied.
“He must be on a fucking suicide mission!” Charles was furious. “Hang on, Gavin. I’ll send some men to help you!”
“You better hurry up, Dad! I can’t hold out much longer,” Gavin urged.
“Just keep heading toward Oakvale. I’ll arrive with my men in an hour!” Charles hung up and roared.
“Prepare a few helicopters and 36 death warriors! We’ll be heading to Balerno!
“Also, contact Derek Lester and tell him to mobilize his troops and assist my son within 30 minutes! Make it quick!”
On the outskirts of Balerno, dozens of Kirin Gang vehicles were chasing after the black Mercedes-Benz. Both parties kept stepping on the gas.
“Sir, we’ll be entering Lester’s territory soon. Should we still chase after them?” Cornelius, who was sitting in the passenger seat, turned around and asked.
Unlike Balerno, the Kirin Gang was powerless there.
“Keep going,” Dustin ordered coldly.
“Yes, sir!” Cornelius nodded and urged the driver. “Faster! Step on it!”
As the cars accelerated, the climax of the chase began.
“Damn it! Can’t you drive faster? They’re right on our tail!” Gavin was tense as he kept pressuring the driver, wishing his car could fly.
“Sir, we’re running low on fuel, so we can’t go any faster,” the driver groaned. “What? We’re out of gas? Why didn’t you say so sooner?”
###Chapter 845 by Marina Vittori
Gavin was about to erupt in anger. He would die if they ran out of gas in this situation. “What should we do now, Sir?”
The driver broke out in cold sweat as he glanced at the blinking gas tank indicator. There was nowhere they could hide in this desolate place.
“Just hang on. Help is coming!” Gavin gritted his teeth and prayed that their backup would arrive soon. Or else, they’d be doomed.
After ten minutes, the black Mercedes slowed down and gradually came to a stop by the roadside.
Instantly, dozens of sedans swarmed the black car and blocked off all exits. Many Kirin Gang members rushed over with weapons in their hands.
Dustin took the sword Cornelius was holding and slowly approached the Mercedes-Benz, his icy glare fixed on Gavin.
“Get out. It’s time for you to die.”
“Y-you better not mess around. My reinforcement will be here soon! Your men will all die if you hurt me!” Gavin snarled.
“Burn their car,” Dustin ordered.
“Burn it!”
Cornelius waved his hand, and buckets of gasoline rained down on the Mercedez-Benz. He casually flicked a lighted matchstick toward the car. Instantly, the car burst into flames.
Terrified, Gavin’s driver ran out of the car and began begging. “Don’t kill me!”
Even Gavin couldn’t keep his composure anymore. He kicked the door open and ran out.
“As if you could escape,” Cornelius jeered. He darted forward and pressed Gavin against the ground.
As a fully developed divine-level martial artist, few people had a winning chance against Cornelius, but not a weakling like Gavin.
“Fuck you! Let me go! Just wait till my family’s men are here! They’ll tear you into pieces!”
Gavin yelled as he thrashed around.
With a stormy expression, Dustin stepped forward. With a wave of his sword, he sliced Gavin’s arm off cleanly.
“Aargh!” Gavin screamed. His body spasmed, and a cold sweat broke out all over his body from the pain.
“H-how dare you hurt me! You’re fucking dead!” Gavin shrieked.
Dustin watched expressionless as Gavin threw a fit. When Gavin was done, Dustin swung his sword again and sliced off Gavin’s other arm.
“Aargh!” Gavin squealed as his pain contorted in pain.
“You fucking-!” Gavin tried to swear when Dustin brought down his blade again. A bloody ear soon fell onto the ground, and Gavin’s cries became louder.
Dustin didn’t seem like he was going to stop anytime soon. With another wave, Gavin’s other ear fell off.
Still, Dustin seemed determined to cut the other man into pieces.
“S-stop! Please let me go! I’m begging you! I was wrong, alright? Please forgive me!”
Gavin had lost all his snobbish confidence. He knew that at this rate, he’d be dead in no time. Dustin was an utter maniac!
###Chapter 846 by Marina Vittori
“Oh, so you’re apologizing now? Why didn’t you think of the consequences before hurting others?” Dustin’s murderous intent didn’t lessen despite how much Gavin begged.
“I-I got careless! I’m so sorry! Please let me go! I swear, I’ll turn over a new leaf!” Gavin begged timidly.
He had lost all his pride, and all he cared about was staying alive.
“What makes you think you still have a chance to turn over a new leaf?” Dustin asked harshly.
“I-I-I’ve got money. And connections! I’ll do anything you want if you let me live!” Gavin tried to bargain with Dustin.
“I don’t need anything besides your death,” Dustin answered uncaringly.
“D-Don’t kill me! Please spare my life! I’ll be very useful! I can help you obtain your goals. and live a lavish life!” Gavin begged frantically, all trace of his
arrogance earlier gone.
“That doesn’t interest me.” Dustin swung his sword again, leaving a long, ragged gash on Gavin’s back.
Dustin wasn’t in a hurry to kill the other man. Instead, he wanted Gavin to feel as much pain. and fear as possible.
So, no matter how hard Gavin begged, Dustin ignored the other man’s pleas and continued slowly carving more wounds on Gavin. Soon, Gavin’s torn body was a bloody mess.
Still, despite his severe wounds, Dustin ensured not to inflict fatal blows to prolong Gavin’s
suffering.
Dustin even treated the other man to stop the bleeding. As a result, Gavin was still alive after suffering hundreds of blows.
Just then, beams of light shone on them as a fleet of cars approached them.
“Stop!” A loud voice boomed before the cars even reached them.
A plump man in military uniform and soldiers jumped off their cars and approached the Kirin Gang members with their weapons drawn.
“Save me, General Lester!” Gavin cried out happily when he saw the new arrivals.
“General Killian?” Derek was taken aback.
Then he erupted in anger. “How dare you beat General Killian up! You better lower your weapons and surrender!”
“And who are you?” Dustin turned his head and demanded.
“I’m General Derek Lester! I was given orders to save General Killian. You better surrender now. Anyone who tries to resist will be killed immediately!” Derek yelled.
He rushed over the second he received Charles’ orders. Fortunately, he was just in time.
Gavin burst out laughing maniacly. It was as if he completely forgot about his pain. “Do you hear that? Let me go, or you’re all dead meat!”
He was overjoyed that his backup had finally arrived. And although he was severely injured, he
was still alive.
“Did you think they would be enough to save you?” Dustin asked calmly.
“As if you’d have the balls to kill me before them. Just look around you.
“You’re surrounded by soldiers! Try anything funny, and you’ll turn into a pincushion!” Gavin retorted giddily.
“This is the end of you. You better start begging for forgiveness. Maybe I’ll spare your life!”
So what if Dustin was good at fighting and had many men? He was still nothing but rubbish compared to the Killian family’s power.
“I’m going to count to three. You better lower your weapons, or we’ll shoot!” Derek signaled for his soldiers to raise their guns.
Instantly, a row of gun barrels was aimed at Dustin.
###Chapter 847 by Marina Vittori
A cluster of laser sights gathered on Dustin’s body.“Three…”
Derek raised his arm and began to count. Despite counting down slowly, there was intense pressure that followed his words. This tension was worse with the presence of all the armed soldiers.
“Haha! You still didn’t kill me, you bastard! As long as I’m alive, I’ll be as good as new with family’s help.
“But what about you? You’re like a fish on the chopping board that I get to slice up however I like!” Gavin sneered.
‘Do you know why? Well, it’s because you’re nothing but a commoner!
“That fact won’t change no matter how much you struggle. Commoners like you should know their place. How dare you challenge someone as superior as me!” Gavin grinned madly.
He regained his confidence now that Derek was here to support him.
“There’s some truth to what you said, but there was one thing you’re mistaken,” Dustin suddenly
said.
“What is it?” Gavin was puzzled.
“I’m the one who will decide
your fate.”
With that, Dustin slammed his sword down heavily.
“No!”
“Stop!”
Different voices cried out, but it was too late.
A sharp blade swiftly slit Gavin’s throat.
“H-how could y-you…” Gavin’s eyes widened in disbelief as blood splurted from his neck.
His head tumbled onto the ground and rolled a few times before stopping.
Until he died, Gavin never imagined that Dustin would kill him, much less in front of Derek.
Didn’t Dustin care about his life at all?
“Y-you crazy asshole! H-how could you kill General Killian? You must have a death wish!
Hurry, shoot him!” Derek recovered from the shock and roared.
However, almost immediately, he could feel the blade of a sword pressing against his throat.
“Try it!” Cornelius grabbed Derek’s hair with one hand and held a sword to the other man’s neck with the other.
“Try shooting, and I’ll slice his throat!”
“Don’t shoot! Don’t shoot!” Terrified, Derek quickly stopped his soldiers.
“Put your guns down!” Cornelius pressed his blade deeper into Derek’s skin, causing blood to trickle.
“P-put them down now!” Derek roared worriedly.
He was aware that if these men dared to kill Gavin, they could also kill him. So, he better not provoke them.
“You guys should run first! I’ll follow later!” Cornelius slowly backed up with Derek in his arms, and the Kirin Gang members began getting into their cars.
Suddenly, helicopters whirling were heard as several military helicopters appeared above them.
Derek felt a surge of relief at the sight and laughed giddily. “The Killian family’s backup is here! There’s no way you guys can escape now!”
###Chapter 848 by Marina Vittori
“Stop struggling! There’s nowhere for you to run! There’s still a chance you will live if surrender now!” Derek snorted. The Killian family was influential in Oakvale, and it was suicidal to provoke them.
“Shut up!” Cornelius slapped Derek’s cheek, causing one of his teeth to fall out. Derek had no choice but to bite the rest of his words back.
The helicopters flew lower. Their doors opened, and Charles and 36 death warriors hopped off.
Although Charles didn’t bring too many men with him, the soldiers he had were the best of the best. They would give up their lives for him if he commanded them to.
“You’re finally here, Mr. Killian! Save me! You have to arrest these arrogant bastards and punish all of them!” Derek shouted as soon as he saw Charles.
The Killian family’s death warriors were well known for being incredible warriors, so they could get rid of them easily.
“Why are you being held hostage, General Lester? What about my son?” Charles frowned, a bad feeling coming over him.
“Well…” Derek didn’t know what to say.
It was embarrassing for him to explain what happened. When he, who came to help Gavin, was held hostage instead.
“Stop wasting time and spit it!” Charles yelled.
“Shut up. He’s dead.” Dustin snapped.
He kicked Gavin’s severed head toward Charles like a ball, which landed right before Charles’ feet.
“What?”
Charles looked down and stared directly into Gavin’s lifeless eyes. The older man stiffened,
thunderstruck.
“H-he’s dead?” Charles gaped at his son’s head. He couldn’t believe that his son, who had a bright future ahead of him, had just died.
How was this possible?
“Who did this?” Charles roared murderously.
“I did.” Dustin stepped forward.
“Why? Why did you kill my son?” Charles hissed with bloodshot eyes.
“He killed my friend, so I made him pay with his life,” Dustin replied.
“Y-you motherfucker! How dare you kill my son! I’ll destroy your entire family!”
Charles was enraged and roared, “Men, kill every single one of them!”
“Yes, sir!”
Charles’ death warriors immediately drew their swords, and the tension in the air rose.
“Sir, I’m still being held hostage. Don’t be reckless!” Derek began to panic.
“You’re nothing but a piece of trash! You couldn’t even save my son, so why should I save you? “Charles was furious.
“I did my best, sir! You can’t turn your back on me after using me like that!” Derek wailed.
“Don’t worry. I’ll avenge you later. Kill them!” Charles signaled to his men, completely disregarding Derek.
“Fuck this shit! Since you don’t give a fuck about me, let’s all die today!” Derek snarled. ” Soldiers, listen up! Kill anyone who tries to attack!”
“Yes, sir!” Derek’s soldiers immediately turned and aimed their guns at the Killians.
###Chapter 849 by Marina Vittori
Just like that, an exciting turn of events began. Charles wanted to kill Dustin, who was holding, Derek hostage. While for Derek to save himself, he had no choice but to ask his men to aim their weapons toward Charles instead. Thus, the three parties froze up and didn’t move.
“How dare you defy me, Lester!” Charles hissed. “You forced me to do this! Since I will die anyway, let’s all die together!” Derek yelled, throwing his pride aside now that he might die.
“Well, well. Since you seem so eager to die, let me help you!” Charles signaled to his men. “Get rid of these meddlesome soldiers first!!
“Yes, sir!”
The 36 death warriors spun in unison and attacked Derek’s soldiers.
“Shoot them now!” Derek roared, and gunshots rang out as the battle began.
Although Charles didn’t have as many men as Derek, his men were much stronger than
Derek’s.
The death warriors were like well-oiled fighting machines, and the soldier’s bullets couldn’t. even graze them.
After a round of fighting, more than half of Derek’s soldiers died. In contrast, Charles’ men were only slightly injured.
While the two parties were fighting, the Kirin Gang members shared puzzled looks.
What on earth was this? A dogfight?
The battle began suddenly and ended just as abruptly. In just two minutes, all of Derek’s soldiers were lying in pools of blood.
This wasn’t surprising since Charles’ death warriors were the best fighter. They had even undergone vigorous training to become strong. There was no way ordinary soldiers could beat
them.
“T-that’s impossible!”
Derek was astonished. He knew that the death warriors were strong, but not this strong. They had sliced through his men and their weapons like they were all butter!
What a bunch of monsters!
“Many of those men wouldn’t have died if it weren’t for you, Lester!” Charles growled as his
1/2
anger rose.
“S-sir, let’s talk about this. We don’t have to use weapons!” Derek gulped, sweating profusely.
“Do you think you can still live after what happened?” Charles retorted.
For him to cause the death of so many soldiers was no small matter. If news about this broke out, their opponents could use it to their advantage.
So, Charles had to get rid of Derek tonight.
“I swear I won’t tell a soul! I’ll forget anything happened tonight! I’ll do everything you say, sir, I swear!” Derek stammered.
“Only the dead are trustworthy, so all of you need to die!” Charles signaled to his men. “Kill them!”
“Yes, sir!”
The death warriors raised their bloody swords and charged toward the Kirin Gang members. Cornelius, who was holding Derek hostage, was their first target.
“Don’t kill me!” Derek wailed, wetting his pants out of fear.
Just as he was about to lose hope, an arc of light burst overhead, barely missing the top of his head-the light shot toward the death warriors like lightning.
Immediately, the death warriors froze in their tracks. Blood splurted out as their heads rolled onto the ground simultaneously.
###Chapter 850 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Derek gaped at the headless bodies in disbelief. He had witnessed how strong Charles’ death warriors were and how they annihilated his men in less than two minutes. Yet, those beasts had been defeated with a single strike.
That was impossible! “H-how is that possible?” Charles’ eyes widened incredulously. Those had been insanely powerful fighters that his family spent a lot of time and effort training.
They were invincible when they fought together. Unless someone were a Grandmaster, they wouldn’t be a match for his men.
Yet, Dustin had taken care of them with one swing. How was that even possible?
Charles backed up in terror as the headless bodies fell to the ground with thuds. His eyes were filled with astonishment, dismay, and fear.
“W-who the hell are you?” Charles paled.
He didn’t expect Dustin to be so strong, initially assuming he could take care of Dustin easily.
“You have no right to know who I am,” Dustin replied calmly.
“You have two choices right now. We either settle this peacefully, and you swear never to set foot in Balerno again, or I can end everything by killing you here and now.”
Charles trembled in fear. But the thought of his family’s influence reassured him.
“What makes you think you can challenge the Killian family, brat? Did you know that we are one of the Supreme Four out of Oakvale’s eight great families?
“You’re just a guildmaster. What makes you think you can challenge one of the strongest families in Oakvake?” Charles sneered.
His tone turned even more hostile as he snapped. “If you cut off your hands and apologize to our family, we might spare your life.
“But if you insist on being stubborn, we only need to make a single call to destroy your family! When that time comes, you and those you care about will die!”
It didn’t matter how strong Dustin was. He was far less powerful than Charles. There was no way Dustin could win against the Killian family.
“So, you’ve chosen death?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, annoyed.
12
It wasn’t his intention to kill everyone. But if Charles refused to back down, Dustin would have to kill the other man.
“I’m the second son of the Killian family, asshole! My eldest brother is a high-ranking official that others fear and respect. You and your family will be doomed if you try to hurt us!” Charles threatened.
Even now, he was still trying to pressure Dustin into surrendering.
“If that’s the case, you can just die.” Dustin raised his sword, a murderous air surrounding him.
“Hang on!” Charles was scared. “Let’s talk this out. I think we can still settle this peacefully!” “Too late.”
Dustin swung his sword with a stormy expression, swiftly slicing through Charles’ body.
“H-how dare y-you…”
Blood spurted out of Charles’ mouth before he could finish his sentence.
###Chapter 851 by Marina Vittori
Both halves of Charles‘ body fell to the floor. Derek was shell–shocked as he watched Charles get sliced in two. He fell to the floor and began to tremble from head to toe.
Sweat and urine pooled under his body. He never expected Dustin could be so ruthless. He’d killed the second son of the Killian family without any hesitation.
He was fuhys, this bastard is the last one left. Should we kill him too?” Cornelius pressed his blade to Derek’s neck once again.
“Don’t kill me! Show mercy, hero! Show mercy!” Derek burst into tears of fright. He crawled over to Dustin on his knees, begging for his life in a frenzy.
He was terrified. These people were insane and had no reservations.
They dared to kill a big shot like Charles. What was he in comparison to that?
“Forget it. This has nothing to do with him. Let him live,” Dustin said indifferently.
“Sir Rhys, the Killian family has lost many of their members. They’ll do a thorough investigation. If we don’t tie up loose ends, and this person leaks information, there’ll be consequences!” Cornelius warned.
“No, no! I won’t say anything. I don’t know anything. I wasn’t here today and never saw any of you!
“I swear on my family’s name that I won’t say anything if you let me go. If I do, you can annihilate my family!” Derek begged mournfully, bowing his head and making promises. He desperately wanted to live.
“Don’t worry, I won’t kill you. But I need you to do something,” Dustin said expressionlessly.
“I would do anything you want!” Derek nodded profusely.
“Stab Charles‘ body a few times. Then bury all the corpses of the Killian family members,”
Dustin instructed.
“What?” Derek was stunned.
It seemed that they wanted to drag him down with them too.
“What, you’re not willing to?” Cornelius‘ expression turned unkind.
“I am… Of course I’m willing!” Derek nodded profusely again.
Then, he picked up the blade on the ground and repeatedly drove it into Charles‘ corpse. He wanted to show his sincerity to them.
“General Derek Lester, right? I’ll remember you. We’ll have a good partnership from here on out,” Dustin said casually. Then, he grabbed Gavin’s head and got into the car.
The engine roared to life, and the Kirin Gang hurriedly left.
Derek looked at the corpse lying everywhere. He wanted to cry.
Fuck!
What an unlucky day. Somehow he’d gotten himself into this disaster.
It was nighttime.
Tyler was holed up in one of the studies in the Grants‘ mansion. He was focused entirely on planning tactics at his desk.
Suddenly, a black silhouette slowly emerged from a corner.
It was a woman in black wearing a mask with a raindrop pattern.
“Master, the situation has changed. Gavin’s ambush failed. Now, his whereabouts are
unknown. He is most likely in trouble,” the woman reported quietly.
“Failed?” Tyler narrowed his eyes. “He can’t even take down a small fry. That useless glutton
deserved to die.”
“Master, should we move on to the next step?” she asked tentatively.
“That bastard carries the sin of killing Paul Hill. He will probably be dead in a week. We don’t
need to care about him for now.”
Tyler shook his head and continued, “Right now, the most important matter is obtaining the Harmons’ treasure map. By the way, how is Trent’s progress?”
“There is discord within the Harmon family. However, it is difficult to get Trent promoted,”
the woman said.
“Since Trent can’t do it alone, let’s add fuel to the fire. We’re going to turn the Harmon family upside down!“cking scary!
“Sir R
###Chapter 852 by Marina Vittori
The night passed quickly. The following day, all the members of the Kirin Gang were dressed in mourning suits. They stood at the entrance to the House of Heroes.
The House of Heroes was where they kept the ashes of the Kirin Gang members. All disciples who died in the line of duty were regarded as heroes. They would then be kept in the House of Heroes for others to visit.
One reason was to cherish their memory; the other was to serve as a warning.
The Kirin Gang would care for the friends and family of those who make it to the House of Heroes.
Their family would receive timely financial support to help with living costs.
This way, the Kirin Gang members wouldn’t have to worry about their families if they pass away one day.
Dustin stood at the entrance of the House of Heroes. He held two human heads dripping with blood and walked to the memorial plaque in the middle of the room.
The words, “In memory of Nelson Horst, guildmaster of the Flame Dragon Guild,” were engraved on it.
“Nelson, I’ve killed the people who harmed you. These are their heads. I brought them here to atone for their sins toward you!” Dustin tossed Gavin’s and Felix’s heads. They rolled under Nelson’s memorial plaque.
“Rest assured that I’ll do as I promised. From today onward, Haley is my daughter, and Cecilia is my sister. So long as I’m alive, I won’t let them get hurt. You can rest in peace now.”
Dustin faced Nelon’s urn and said a prayer. Then, he saluted it as a show of respect.
“Salute!” Cornelius shouted from the door.
The Kirin Gang members saluted and showed their respect for the fallen heroes.
Perhaps one day, they would also die in the line of duty and be placed in the House of Heroes.
To be remembered and respected by the entire gang, they could die without regrets.
“Dustin Rhys, get the hell out here!” Suddenly, a high–pitched scream sounded.
The door to the Zephyr Lodge was violently kicked down.
A woman in braids wearing a black tracksuit barged in. She was leading a group of female soldiers.
These female soldiers looked strong. From their sharp gazes, these female soldiers were not
average.
“You’re gutsy! Who are you? How dare you barge into the Kirin Gang?!” Cornelius yelled angrily.
“Enough bullshit! Ask Dustin to come out here and see me!” The woman in braids was radiating murderous energy. She looked pissed.
Upon hearing that, Dustin walked out of the House of Heroes and looked directly at her.
“Tam Dustin Rhys. Do you have a message for me?” he asked indifferently.
“You killed my brother! I’m going to kill you!” The woman’s gaze turned cold. Without another word, she unsheathed her sword and charged.
Anyone who stood in her way was forced aside with her sharp blade.
“The audacity!” Cornelius flew into a rage. He suddenly flickered in front of her, thrusting a palm out.
A ferocious burst of internal energy exploded and crashed over her.
“Hmm?” The woman frowned. Suddenly, she leaped into the air and dodged this blow. At the same time, she spun expertly in the air and brought her sword down on Cornelius.
Her attack was swift and accurate. Its power was shocking.
“This is child’s play!” Cornelius snorted, reaching out and grabbing the air.
A shadow palm suddenly materialized. It grabbed onto the woman’s sharp blade.
Then, the shadow palm yanked it down. The woman crashed onto the ground violently, like a fly that had been swatted.
However, right before she touched the ground, she twisted her sword. The tip of her sword pressed into the ground, stopping her fall.
The sword curved into an arc. Taking advantage of the rebound, she flew into the air once again. She aimed the sword at Cornelius‘ abdomen.
“You’re asking for death!” Cornelius‘ expression darkened. He moved his hand downward. Then, a white beam of internal energy shot like a thunderbolt.
###Chapter 853 by Marina Vittori
The woman’s eyes widened. Knowing she was in trouble, she used her sword to block. The white beam hit the blade, forcing the woman backward. She almost tripped and fell.
Blood dripped from her mouth. The hand that was gripping the sword was numb. She couldn’t move.
“Who are you? Why are you stopping me?!” The woman frowned with a dark expression.
She didn’t know such a skilled martial artist would be hiding in this lowly Kirin Gang.
“I’ll kill you for trying to assassinate our gang leader!”
Cornelius was about to attack again when Dustin stopped him. “Young lady, who are you? Why did you try to kill me when you got here?”
“You killed my brother! I’m here to take revenge!” the woman said indignantly.
“Your brother? Are you from the Killian family?” Dustin’s eyes flashed coldly.
“The Killian family? My name is Horst, Nikki Horst!” the woman shouted.
“Nikki Horst? Then your brother must be …” Dustin’s eyebrows knitted.
“My brother is Nelson Horst!” Nikki’s words shocked the audience.
Cornelius was taken aback then he looked confused. “So you’re Sir Nelson’s little sister. But why do you want to kill our gang leader?”
Nelson had a deep respect for Dustin. Nikki should have shared the same feelings toward Dustin. So why did she try to kill him on sight?
“Dustin caused my brother to die! Of course, I want to kill him!” Nikki gritted her teeth.
“Nonsense! The enemy was the one responsible for Sir Nelson’s death. Our leader has avenged him. Did someone mislead you?” Cornelius frowned.
“Misled? Hmph! If it wasn’t for him, would my brother have died?” Nikki said resentfully.
“I am indeed responsible for your brother’s death. I didn’t protect him,” Dustin said sorrowfully.
He’d always felt guilty over what happened to Nelson.
“You finally admit it! Since my brother died because of you, you can repay him with your life!” Nikki screamed angrily. She brandished her sword again and stabbed him.
The attack was so sudden and quick.
Cornelius was unprepared, so he didn’t react in time. Of course, Dustin would be fine without his help anyway.
Just as everyone thought Dustin would retaliate against Nikki’s attack, the sharp blade pierced Dustin’s abdomen.
Blood dripped down the blade.
Cornelius and the entire gang were stunned. Even Nikki was dumbfounded.
No one expected Dustin to take that blow.
“Why didn’t you dodge?” Nikki was stunned.
Even if Dustin wasn’t as strong as her, he should at least try, right? Yet, the man before her stood still and let her stab him like he was asking for death.
It was indeed unexpected.
“I am to blame for Nelson’s death. I am willing to take this sword,” Dustin said. He stood there quietly without protest.
“Are you not afraid you’ddie?” Nikki frowned. “If you wanted to kill me, you would have aimed for my heart, not my stomach.” Dustin shook his head.
Although Nikki had been hostile, she wasn’t exuding much murderous intent.
She was here to stand up for her brother.
“Nonsense! I just messed up my aim earlier!” Nikki insisted.
“In that case, you can stab me again. Aim for the heart.” Dustin pointed at his chest.
“You’re you’re insane!” Nikki was so scared she took a few steps back. She felt exasperated. She’d never met someone like this before. He was simply a psycho!
###Chapter 854 by Marina Vittori
“If you don’t stab me today, you won’t get the chance again,” Dustin reminded Nikki. As he spoke, he slowly pulled out the sword in his abdomen and tossed it back to her.
“Hmph! I don’t need you to tell me what to do! I’m here to say goodbye to my brother, so I’ll let you live to see another day. When I’m in a bad mood again, I’ll come to end your life!”
Nikki elbowed past Dustin and stormed toward the House of Heroes.
‘Sir Rhys, why didn’t you dodge just now? That woman is horrible. What if you got hurt?” Cornelius was very concerned.
“I owe her that.” Dustin shook his head while looking serious.
Every time he remembered Nelson’s horrible death, he felt remorse and guilt.
At least he felt slightly better after that stab.
“Sir Rhys, let’s bandage your wound.” Cornelius sighed softly. Then, he waved a disciple over and asked him to treat Dustin’s injury.
As the gang leader, Dustin was deeply caring and loyal. Of course, that was a good thing.
But to become a hero and lead the Kirin Gang to glory, these traits would become burdens instead.
An hour later, Dustin was all bandaged up. He sat in the meeting room, waiting quietly.
After a moment, Nikki entered the meeting room. Her eyes were red, and she’d been crying earlier.
When she saw Dustin, she immediately wiped the tear tracks from the corner of her eyes and raised her head. “Hey, just because I stabbed you earlier doesn’t mean this is over. You’ll never make it up to my brother!”
“I know,” Dustin said with a nod. He gestured to a chair and said, “Sit down and have some
water.”
“Alright.” Just as Nikki was about to sit, she suddenly jumped up. “You think you can ask me to sit, and I’ll listen? Do I even know you?”
“In that case, you can talk while standing,” Dustin said indifferently.
“Hmph! Well, I want to sit!” Nikki sat down huffily, crossing her arms in front of her chest.
She was trying to make it difficult for Dustin.
“Are the people who killed my brother dead?” Nikki asked coldly.
“They’re dead. Their heads are in the House of Heroes,” Dustin answered honestly.
“Hmph, at least you have enough decency to take revenge for my brother.” Nikki calmed down slightly.
If Dustin said no, she would have stabbed him again.
“I can tell you’re not an ordinary person. May I ask where you’re stationed?” Dustin asked carefully.
“Do you know the Jade Maiden Sisterhood of Oakvale?” Nikki said while looking proud.
“The Jade Maiden Sisterhood?” Dustin shook his head. “I haven’t heard of it. Are they powerful?”
“Don’t be stupid! Of course, we are!” Nikki said with a glare.
“The Jade Maiden Sisterhood has over ten thousand disciples. We are on par with the Valley of Joy and the White Clouds. We are one of the three major women’s guilds of Oakvale!”
“I see. I guess I was unknowledgeable.” Dustin raised his head slightly and continued, “There must be another reason the Jade Maiden Sisterhood suddenly came to the Southern province.”
“How did you know?” Nikki knitted her eyebrows while looking at Dustin suspiciously.
She had come to Balerno with her master to search for the guild’s missing treasure.
When she found out about her brother’s death, she rushed over.
“It was just a guess.” Dustin took a sip from his
cup.
News of Nelson’s death had only been released this morning.
The Jade Maiden Sisterhood was based in Oakvale. If they had just received word today, there was no way they could reach here so quickly.
###Chapter 855 by Marina Vittori
There’s only one chance – Nikki and her crew have reached Nan Province.
“You guessed right, this trip to Jiangnan holds importance,” Nikki admitted.
Without denying it, she looked around and said, “This place seems nice, and it’s spacious. Our Jade Maiden Palace will use it temporarily. Any ions?”
“No issues here; plenty of places to stay. I’ll sort it out,” Dustin (Sir Rhys) replied cheerfully.
Perhaps guilt, but he’s responsive to the lady before him.
“Hmph! You’re clever!” Nikki nodded, then handed a red elixir, “Here, it’s a qi and blood elixir. Restores, nourishes, and boosts energy. You were hurt earlier, take it.”
“Thanks,” Dustin (Sir Rhys) smiled.
Shows this girl’s heart is in the right place.
“Don’t thank me; it’s your rent,” Nikki clarified, calling someone on her phone.
After a while, disciples from Jade Maiden Palace entered Fengyu Villa.
The leader, a woman in white.
Pretty with an air of arrogance, this is Cornelius, the eldest disciple of Jade Maiden Palace.
Others, all female, pretty and composed.
People from Qilin Gang whispered.
“Finally, Master’s here,” Nikki greeted the woman in white.
“Found the right spot?” Cornelius entered the meeting room confidently, then rolled her eyes at Dustin (Sir Rhys), frowning, “A man here? Get him out!”
“He owns the villa,” Nikki felt awkward.
“So?” Cornelius raised her chin, looking at Dustin (Sir Rhys), “I represent Jade Maiden Palace, we’re using your place. Get your people out, we’re not staying with men.”
“Move out?” Dustin (Sir Rhys) blinked, surprised.
Upon entering, she acted entitled.
Even if they disagreed, she wanted him gone.
What’s this?
Pushy guests?
“Yes, move now,” Cornelius said casually, “It’s an honour for you that we use your place. Follow orders, understand?”
Dustin (Sir Rhys) glanced at Nikki, “Your elder sister, something up?”
“Don’t talk nonsense!” Nikki scolded.
“If not for her, why say that?” Dustin (Sir Rhys) didn’t get it.
“Rude!”
“Bold!”
Jade Girl Palace’s disciples got furious.
Raised eyebrows, angry glares.
“Stinky man! Talking to me like that?”
Surprised, Cornelius got furious, drew her sword, “Apologise now and leave, or else!”
###Chapter 856 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin, get this straight, this is my turf, and I’m the boss here.”
Dustin extended a finger, brushed aside the nearby sword, and said calmly, “If I decide to spare you, you’ll stick around. If not, you’re out. Got it?”
“Seriously? You’re really turning me down?” Dahlia glared. “I’m the top student at Jade Girl Palace, the admired goddess! Do you have any idea how many guys try to impress me daily? Here’s your shot, do you even know who I am?”
With her status, she was always in demand.
She was used to flattery and attention, and no one dared to disobey her.
“Sorry, I’m not one of those who flatter you, and I’m not impressed by your spotlight. Don’t assume things.” Dustin said calmly.
“You–!”
Dahlia clenched her teeth, feeling frustrated.
With her looks, men usually fell at her feet. But this guy didn’t seem to care at all!
“Listen up! No one’s ever dared to reject my senior sister’s request. You better not piss her off!”
“Absolutely! We’re Jade Girl Palace disciples. If you cross us, you’re in for it!”
A group of girls from Jade Maiden Palace rallied in support.
They were used to special treatment. Men would bow down just by knowing their names.
“Ah, got it.”
Dahlia suddenly smirked. “Trying to play hard to get, huh?”
“Thinking you can catch my eye with these tactics?”
“Hmph! I’ve seen your type before—acting noble but really just after one thing.”
“But let me make something clear: you don’t impress me. You and I are worlds apart. Your games won’t work.”
“Let’s be real, a catch like me is out of your league.”
“Still, you did catch my attention earlier.”
“So, I’ll make an exception. You get one shot to win me over. Remember, it’s a privilege no one else has.” Dahlia finished, raising her head haughtily.
As if she were looking down, daring the crown to fall.
“…”
Dustin was lost for words.
He thought Dahlia was confident, but her ego was beyond belief.
He turned her down, yet she played it like he was chasing her.
“Think I’m fooled?”
Dahlia’s lips curled. “I knew it. Men like you are all the same—full of talk. But I’m too smart to be fooled.”
“Credit to my senior sister. She saw through your act in an instant!”
“Senior Sister’s brilliant, sharp as a tack!”
“Hmph! You can’t fool my elder sister with your schemes!”
The Jade Maid Palace girls looked at Dustin with a mix of scorn and praise.
They thought he was a gentleman, but turns out he was just good at hiding his true intentions.
“Hiss…”
Dustin took a breath, staying calm. “One last time, I’m not interested, and I don’t care who you are. Please, stop this.”
“Keep pretending, but I won’t buy it.”
Dahlia crossed her arms, a look of knowing in her eyes.
###Chapter 857 by Marina Vittori
“If you don’t believe me, feel free to leave,” Dustin Rhys remarked, his tone direct. Dustin wasn’t one for idle chatter; he simply told the guest to go. Dahlia Nicholson displayed extreme narcissism, truly pushing the boundaries.
“Indulging in desire again, I see? Quite juvenile,” Nikki remarked, a hint of mockery in her voice. “Alright then, if you want to play, I’m in until the end. Hope you don’t end up regretting it. Let’s go!” Nikki declared, taking a step forward.
“Offered a chance, and it went to waste. Now Dahlia Nicholson’s riled up, and regrets won’t serve you!”
“If you’re sensible, a swift apology to my elder sister might earn her forgiveness.”
Jade Maiden Palace disciples exuded arrogance, as if watching a spectacle.
They seemed prepared for Dustin Rhys to plead.
Yet, surprisingly, he remained calm, unmoved even when Dahlia Nicholson exited the meeting hall.
As if her departure was of no concern.
“Leaving, you say?” Nikki paused by the door, casting a glance back. “This is your prime opportunity to keep me. Miss it, and you’ll rue it forever!”
Dustin Rhys displayed no reaction, enjoying his tea leisurely, as if he hadn’t heard.
“Enduring this? Let’s see how long you hold out!” Nikki clenched her teeth and left without a backward glance.
Dahlia Nicholson had to admit, Dustin Rhys was sharp, yet fate was against him.
All his calculations and caution amounted to naught.
Shouldn’t a man just be straightforward, even if it meant being a loyal companion?
Did he really think these tactics were effective?
Preposterous!
Dustin Rhys would need to beg her to return and make amends today. The goddess’s dignity and pride were at stake!
“Dahlia Nicholson’s gone; your tears won’t alter it now!”
“Deserved it! Stirred the elder sister’s anger, now you won’t even qualify as a lapdog!”
“Thought you could win the elder sister, Dahlia Nicholson, this way? Truly dramatic!”
“A man should stand his ground, not come begging to us!”
Jade Maiden Palace disciples joined Nikki, all exiting while casting reproachful words.
Nikki’s departure was marked by her haughty stride, maintaining her regal air, still a fairy of high rank.
“Dustin Rhys, this mess is your doing! Dahlia Nicholson’s departure is on you!”
Observing their departure, Hong Qingxia grew anxious.
“I’m to blame? Your elder sister led the drama, feigning sentiment.” Dustin Rhys shrugged.
“True, Dahlia Nicholson’s a bit full of herself, but her beauty invites unwelcome advances. Her caution is justified.” Hong Qingxia explained.
“Others might be taken, but not me.” Dustin Rhys sipped from his cup.
Unperturbed, Hong Qingxia hurriedly chased Dahlia Nicholson, pulling Dustin Rhys along. “Wait! Dahlia Nicholson, just a moment! Dustin Rhys wants to talk to you!”
Nikki’s lips curled, as if she’d foreseen this.
Turning, she crossed her arms, a regal posture. “What’s this? Can’t keep up the act anymore? Thought you were so resilient, but in the end, my allure was too much. Speak up then, I’m curious. Why are you pleading with me?”
Dustin Rhys gestured to the left and said gravely, “You’re headed the wrong way. The gate’s over there. Please, proceed.”
###Chapter 858 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Dustin’s words left the Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples dumbfounded.
They had expected Dustin to be begging them to stay and crying regretfully.
But, goodbye? That shouldn’t be a part of his script!
“Dustin, what are you doing? Are you provoking Brittany on purpose?” Nikki glared at him.
She had asked him to make her stay, not send her out!
“Y–you’re too much!” Brittany was livid after coming to her senses.
Right now, she couldn’t care less about maintaining her goddess–like demeanor. She took out her sword instantly, ready to kill.
When has she ever been treated like this? It was humiliating!
“What are you guys doing?” Just then, an authoritative voice rang out.
Everyone saw a 30 to 40–year–old woman dressed like royalty walk in. An elderly woman. accompanied her.
The middle–aged woman had a curvy figure and exuded charm. Her gaze was sharp and full of pride. She appeared like someone who kept people at a distance.
On the other hand, the elderly woman behind her looked gloomy. As she didn’t smile, she looked stern.
“Madam Edith!” Brittany’s expression brightened when she saw her, and she immediately led the disciples up to greet her.
The newcomer was none other than the head of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood–Edith Parker.
“What is going on here?” Edith glanced around the room while looking displeased.
She said, “The Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples should carry themselves with the maidens. What’s with all the fighting and killing? This is unacceptable!”
grace of
“Madam Edith, it’s this bastard’s fault! He’s trying to chase us out!” Brittany pointed a finger at Dustin, playing the victim.
“Hey, don’t twist the truth. You were the one trying to take our place. But I didn’t let you,” Dustin retorted impassively.
“Hmph! You had ulterior motives toward me and played hard to get. You got angry and chased us out once you found out I was not interested in you! You’re despicable!” Brittany yelled.
“Brittany, this is a misunderstanding. Let’s talk this out.” Nikki tried to mediate the situation.
“Nikki, how can you speak up for an outsider?” Brittany frowned.
“I just think the environment is nice here. It’s a suitable place for Madam Edith’s training. There’s no need to escalate things further. It’s better to resolve things now.” Nikki advised.
“Hmph! Sure, I won’t pursue the matter, but he must apologize!” Brittany pointed her sword
at Dustin.
“What if I don’t apologize? Would you leave again? I won’t send you off then.”
“You-!” Brittany seethed in anger.
“Enough!” Edith raised a hand to stop their bickering.
She declared coldly, “I like this place. It’s not bad. We’ll settle down here.”
“Madam Edith, there are a lot of disgusting men here. They’re dirty and smelly. It’ll be hard for us to stay here if we don’t drive them out.” Brittany added fuel to the fire.
“Brittany, this is Dustin’s manor. It’s not right to drive the owner out. If word gets out, it’ll ruin our reputation,” Nikki warned.
“Hey! Why do you keep speaking up for him?” Brittany was upset.
“Forget about it. Let them stay here for now. We are important people, so we need someone to serve us anyway.”
Edith glanced at Dustin and said coldly, “Hey, you there, prepare our rooms. We only want the best. Here, consider this a reward.”
As she spoke, she flicked a finger. A gold coin dropped at Dustin’s feet. And with that, she led her people in without any care.
“Hmph! Consider yourself lucky! You got another chance to get close to me. But I’m warning you, you better not have inappropriate thoughts!”
###Chapter 859 by Marina Vittori
Brittany snorted and followed the group inside. “What a bunch of lunatics.” Dustin shook his head as he mumbled to himself.
He finally realized where Brittany’s confidence came from. How could their disciples be any better if they had such an arrogant leader?
“Well, my teacher has a cold personality. Please don’t take it to heart.” Brittany was feeling awkward.
“Forget about it. I’d rather not argue with women.” Dustin waved his hand dismissively.
He would have driven them out much earlier if it wasn’t for Nikki. He was indebted to Nelson and could only repay him by helping his family.
“Thank god.” Nikki breathed a sigh of relief before changing the subject.
She asked, “By the way, I want to ask you something. Since you’re the boss here, have you ever heard of the Jade Maiden Scripture?”
“Jade Maiden Scripture? What’s that?” Dustin’s brows furrowed.
“The Jade Maiden Scripture is the Jade Maiden Sisterhood’s long–lost treasure.
“Madam Edith hasn’t been able to break through to the grandmaster level because she’s missing a crucial technique from the scripture.
“I heard it was recently found in the Southern province, Millsburg. But I’m still not sure who has it. So I thought to ask if you heard of anything,” Nikki briefly explained the situation.
After their brief interaction, she unknowingly started to trust him. She hadn’t even noticed it herself.
“The Jade Maiden Scripture, was it? Alright, I’ll have someone check about it discreetly. I’ll let you know immediately when there’s news.” Dustin nodded.
“Not bad. You’re quite efficient!” Nikki nodded in satisfaction.
“Don’t worry. Once we find the Jade Maiden Scripture, I’ll speak to Madam Edith on your behalf and have her reward you handsomely. Even marrying Brittany won’t be a problem when that time comes!”
“Hah! Thanks, but keep her for yourselves.” Dustin looked disgusted. Only an idiot would fall for Brittany.
Dustin returned to his room once he completed the arrangements for the Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples. He started healing his injuries.
1/2
The poison from Septemortis still affected him, and he could only try to suppress its effects.
Paul Hill’s death was still a mystery. The murderer had disappeared without leaving any clues, and it was challenging to find a breakthrough.
He had only six days left, and the martial arts alliance members had their eyes on him. If he couldn’t find the murderer, there would be no way to conclude this.
Just as his mind was full of distressing thoughts, his phone rang. It was a call from Dahlia.
Without even thinking, he rejected the call. However, in a few seconds, his phone rang again.
After Dustin rejected the call, Dahlia would call again. This repeated a few times before Dustin couldn’t take it any longer. He answered the call in annoyance.
“What do you want?” He questioned harshly.
“Dustin, I need to speak to you. Tonight at 8:00 pm. I’m not leaving till you come.” Dahlia’s voice was hoarse.
“Sorry, I’m busy. I don’t have the energy to talk to you,” Dustin refused immediately. “I’ll kill myself if you don’t come.” Then, she hung up.
###Chapter 860 by Marina Vittori
It was 8:00 pm. Inside Rose Cafe, Dahlia was seated by the window. She had both hands wrapped around her cup of coffee.
Her mood was heavy as she watched the rain fall outside. She looked exhausted. Since last night, she had been in a trance and felt dispirited. All she could think of was Dustin and their memories.
She had tried so hard to mend their relationship. But whatever she did, it seemed to pull them further apart.
She slowly realized that Dustin seemed to care less about her now. He no longer put her first and considered her feelings either.
She was terrified at the thought that they had turned into enemies, especially after the decisive look he gave her last night.
Just then, Dahlia heard the sound bell hanging at the door. She turned her head instinctively and saw a familiar figure enter.
It was none other than Dustin.
“You’re here.” Dahlia’s eyes lit up, and she appeared more animated as she stood up.
“What did you call me here for?” Dustin took a seat stoically.
“We haven’t sat down and talked in a long time, have we?”
Dahlia had mixed feelings. “About last night, let’s clear up our misunderstandings.”
“Will you even believe me? Why should I waste my time if you won’t?” Dustin said impassively.
“So you won’t even talk to me anymore?” Dahlia frowned slightly.
“What do you want me to say? I made myself clear yesterday. I’m not going to repeat myself.” Dustin shook his head.
“I just hope you’ll tell me the truth and not hide anything from me,” Dahlia responded. sincerely.
“Alright, you want the truth? Then I’ll tell you everything from the start.
“First of all, Gavin is working together with Madam Alma. They were the ones responsible for your ambush. It was nothing more than a staged performance they arranged.
“Secondly, I investigated and found that Madam Alma is behind Regulus‘ comatic state. They
don’t need the Panax root to cure him. All they’re trying to do is to gain your trust and plot. something sinister.
“Finally, I was sent to Azkaban, all thanks to Gavin. An influential figure got me released, not him.
“From the start, he’s been a hypocrite sowing discord and causing trouble.
“He even had his men kill me, which resulted in the deaths of my men I consider brothers.
“This is everything that happened. Now, I’ve told you everything. The question is, do you believe me?”
Dustin poured out all their grievances and countered her with a question.
If Dahlia believed him, they could continue with the conversation. He found no reason to continue wasting his breath if she didn’t.
“Dustin, what physical proof do you have of Mr. Killian being a hypocrite?” Dahlia inquired cautiously.
“So, you still think I’m lying?”
Dustin scoffed. “Since you don’t believe me, what’s the purpose of this conversation?”
“It’s not that I don’t believe you. It’s just that those are serious accusations. You can’t just make empty claims,” Dahlia started reasoning with him.
Gavin was Dragonmarsh’s major general. He came from an affluent family and was morally upright. It was hard for her to accept that he was a bad person.
“Never mind, just forget I mentioned it.” Dustin shook his head in disappointment.
“If there’s nothing else, I’m leaving.” Then, he stood up and left.
###Chapter 861 by Marina Vittori
“Stop right there!” Dahlia caught up to him and grabbed his arm.
“Do you have to be like this? Can’t we have a decent talk?” “I don’t think that’s necessary. I’m wasting my breath. Not to mention, I’m busy. Let’s not waste each other’s time any longer,” Dustin said with little interest and headed straight for the door.
“You’re not allowed to leave!” Dahlia suddenly hugged him from behind, holding him tightly. It was an extremely bold move coming from her, especially when she was usually aloof.
“I’m not letting you go!” Still maintaining her tight grip, she rested her cheek on his back.
She mumbled softly, “Consider me wrong this time, okay? I know I’m difficult sometimes, but I’ll do my best to change.
“If you say Gavin is the bad guy, then he’s the bad guy. I won’t see him ever again, alright? I’m terrified of losing you. Let’s get back together, please.
“I won’t be stubborn anymore and won’t hit you again. I swear. As long as you stay, I’ll do anything you tell me to.
“I don’t need wealth or power. I don’t need everything I have now.
“Why don’t we sell off the company and go on a trip? We don’t need to care about anything. Let’s just live a happy and carefree life together. That’s enough for me.
“As long as you agree, I’ll give up everything for you!” Dahlia got more frantic the more she spoke.
She had thought it through. It didn’t matter who was right or wrong.
Compared to wealth, having the person she loved the most next to her was the most important thing. She hoped to win his heart and grow old together with him.
“Dahlia, if you had said that three months ago, I would have agreed without hesitation. But it’s too late now.” Dustin shook his head and let out a soft sigh..
“What’s done is done. Some things can never go back to how they used to be. I don’t want to return to when my life revolved around you. I’m tired of trying to please you in every way.
“I don’t want to keep worrying about you either, living every day in anxiety. It’s too exhausting. I just want to live life my way without burden, finding satisfaction in settling old
scores.
“We’re over.” With that, he pried her arms open, slowly but determinedly.
“Why? Why! If you’re still angry with me, you can scold and hit me, but you can’t just walk
away.
“We’re not over yet. We can still go back to how it used to be! I won’t ever doubt you again, and I won’t ever get mad at you again. Give me a chance to turn over a new leaf, please!”
Dahlia’s eyes were red, and she choked on sobs. At this point, she was begging.
In the past, when Dustin got mad, a little coaxing would suffice. But she felt his coldness and determination today.
Her intuition told her that letting go today would be the end for them. She was terrified at the thought and was trying her best to make Dustin stay.
“Dahlia, just let go. Let’s not torment each other anymore. Perhaps you’ll meet someone better in the future, but we aren’t meant for each other.
“Let’s go our own ways. Goodbye…”
After he spoke, he broke free from her grip and walked out of the cafe. He left without looking back.
It was time to let go.
Dahlia’s heart twisted in pain as she watched him leave. She burst into tears, sobbing uncontrollably.
“There’s no one better. No one is better than you! You are the one I love the most!”
###Chapter 862 by Marina Vittori
Early the next morning, at Zephyr Lodge, Dustin sat on the rooftop and watched the sunrise. His expression was devoid of emotion. Since bidding farewell to Dahlia last night, he had been on the rooftop since midnight till the sun rose in the sky.
His emotions gradually shifted from turmoil to calmness. After a night of deep contemplation, he found a newfound sense of acceptance and detachment.
He would no longer be stuck in the past. “Sir Rhys…”
At that moment, Cornelius leaped onto the rooftop and reported, “I’ve received news that the Jade Maiden Scripture you are looking for has been located.”
“Oh? Where is it?” Dustin raised his eyebrow.
“A group of foreign merchants have it. We’ve contacted them, but they’re unwilling to sell to us directly. They insist on meeting face–to–face,” Cornelius replied.
“A face–to–face meeting?”
Dustin nodded. “Alright, go get Nikki. We’ll go and have a look together.”
“Yes, sir.” After Cornelius replied, he jumped down the roof again.
One hour later, a black executive car stopped at the entrance of Auspicious Restaurant. As the car doors opened, Dustin and his two companions stepped out.
“Hey! You didn’t trick me, did you? Is the Jade Maiden Scripture here?” Nikki looked at the restaurant, evidently skeptical.
“Why would I lie to you for no reason? If you don’t believe me, then let’s just go back.” Dustin turned around, about to get back into the car.
“H–hey! Alright, I trust you. Are you happy now?”
Nikki grabbed him and grumbled, “Come on, seriously? You’re a grown man. How could react so stingily? You’re worse than a woman.”
you
“Are you going in or not?” Dustin asked impatiently.
“Yes! Of course, I’m going!” Nikki repeatedly nodded, pulling Dustin inside with haste.
The Jade Maiden Scripture was a precious treasure of theirs and a crucial factor in helping Edith make a breakthrough. Therefore, no matter the cost, she had to get her hands on it.
The three of them entered the restaurant. After identifying themselves, a waiter led them to the second floor before finally stopping in front of a luxurious private room.
They knocked, and the doors opened.
Upon entering, Dustin and his companions saw a chubby, middle–aged man seated in the main seat.
The man had a cleanly shaved head and a gentle look. He reminded them of a priest, exuding an indescribable sense of comfort and familiarity.
Meanwhile, two bodyguards wearing sunglasses stood behind him.
“Oh! My esteemed guests have arrived. Please, take a seat!”
When the chubby man saw Dustin and his companions, he stood up to welcome them. He had a warm and enthusiastic smile.
“Who are you? Do we know you?” Nikki narrowed her eyes, feeling cautious,
“My name is Samuel Franklin. I’m new here. Our meeting today is surely fated. It would be my pleasure to befriend you all,” The chubby man said with a warm smile.
“No need for the pleasantries. Let’s get straight to the point. We heard you have the Jade Maiden Scripture. Is that true?” Nikki cut to the chase.
“Of course, it’s true,” Samuel answered, smiling.
“Oh? Well, then, let me first have a look.” Nikki’s interest was piqued.
“There’s no need to hurry. Please, have a seat and enjoy a cup of tea. We can take a look in a
little while.”
Samuel poured three cups of tea and passed them to Dustin, Nikki, and Cornelius.
“I’m not interested in your tea. Just name your price!” Nikki urged.
With her hot–tempered behavior, she had no patience for beating around the bush or engaging in unnecessary formalities.
Even when it came to movies, she preferred the simplistic, rough–styled movies Artea
produced than the drawn–out, sluggish movies Kimboku made.
“Dear guests, please be patient. I can’t name you a price yet as a few more buyers have yet to arrive,” Samuel said with a smile.
“More buyers are arriving?”
###Chapter 863 by Marina Vittori
Nikki frowned, “What do you mean? You’re not selling it directly to us?” “Recently, I’ve received many inquiries about the Jade Maiden Scripture. I was in a difficult position and was unable to make a decision.
“That was why I gathered everyone here to discuss the price collectively. It would be fairer this way,” Samuel explained.
“Fair?” Dustin shook his head with a smile. “Mr. Franklin, you have a gift for words. You’re raising the price without reason yet making it sound sophisticated.”
Gathering all the buyers to discuss the price collectively was an obvious attempt to start a bidding war. That way, the price of the Jade Maiden Scripture would surge dramatically. It was a cunning strategy indeed.
“You flatter me, mister. I’m a humble merchant who hopes to earn a little extra profit.”
Samuel continued to smile even when his plan was exposed. He was good at maintaining his composure.
“Hmph! I hate people like you the most” Nikki looked at him contemptuously.
Why couldn’t he just name a price? Those who could afford it would pay, while those who couldn’t could just leave.
It would have been a much simpler approach. It was such a waste of time to resort to such
ways.
While they were enjoying their tea, the private room door swung open again. Then, a man with a golden mask entered with confident strides.
“It seems like another esteemed guest has arrived. Please, take a seat.” Samuel remained hospitable and stood up to welcome him.
The man in the golden mask nodded. He was about to sit down when he noticed Dustin.
Instantly, he took a few steps backward and exclaimed in shock, “You… What are you doing here?”
“Do I know you?” Dustin asked with doubt.
The man in the golden mask gulped and realized he had lost his cool.
He put on a calm front and said impassively, “My apologies. I mistook you for someone else just now.”
“The heck? You scared me!” Nikki was upset.
He looked like he had seen a ghost as soon as he walked in. Was that necessary?
The man in the mask took a deep breath and calmly sat. However, he occasionally glanced at Dustin with resentment.
As time passed, a few more buyers entered the room.
Men and women were present, dressed in luxury, and carried themselves well. They were far from ordinary individuals.
“Hey, most of the buyers have arrived. Can we start now?” Nikki was getting impatient after waiting for so long.
“Please be patient, miss. We are missing one last person.” With a gentle smile, Samuel refilled their tea, being courteous throughout.
“Who’s running late? Will we sit here all day if he doesn’t show up?” Nikki frowned.
“What are you rushing me for? I’m here!” Just then, a well–dressed young scion strolled in.
He was accompanied by a few arrogant women who were all dolled up.
The
young scion was none other than Julian Nicholson!
“Who the fuck was rushing me just now? If you don’t like waiting, then get the hell out!” Julian held his head high, looking arrogant.
“Hey! Do you want to get beaten up?” Nikki slammed the table angrily as she stood up, her expression icy.
“Are you trying to pick a fight with me? Who the fuck do you think you are? You’re asking for trouble!” Julian responded to Nikki in disdain.
“She’s asking for trouble, but what if I join in?” Dustin stood up slowly, asking with a sneer.
“What?” Julian took a closer look and was shocked.
“I–it’s you?”
“What? Are you surprised?” Dustin’s gaze was hostile.
“I haven’t had the chance to get revenge when you put me in jail. Now that we’ve crossed. paths today, don’t you think it’s time to settle the score?”
###Chapter 864 by Marina Vittori
“Hey! I’m warning you, don’t mess with me!” Julian took a few quick steps back in fear when he saw Dustin’s threatening posture.
He hadn’t brought any bodyguards today; only a few pretty women came with him. It would be difficult for him to handle such a reckless fellow alone.
“Fellow guests. Please, calm down.” Samuel noticed the tension in the air.
He mediated the situation with a smile. “We’ve gathered here today for serious business. Let’s not spoil the mood. Whatever it is, we can discuss things calmly while seated.”
“Alright. Since Mr. Franklin has spoken up, I’ll respect that.” Dustin nodded and settled back into his seat.
Since they came for the Jade Maiden Scripture, it was inappropriate to fight now. He could deal with someone like Julian anytime he wanted, anyway.
“Hmph! And here I thought you had the guts. But it seems like you’re all bark!” Julian sneered. He assumed Dustin was hesitant to act because of his identity.
“You dress up so shabbily, and yet you dared challenge Mr. Nicholson? Don’t flatter yourself!” The haughty women with Julian looked at Dustin with disdain.
“Alright, since our esteemed guests have arrived, let’s begin.” With everyone seated, Samuel proceeded without delay and gestured.
Soon, a bodyguard opened a safe nearby and retrieved a delicately crafted wooden box. Upon opening the wooden box, an ancient sheepskin scripture was inside.
Three unmistakable words were on the cover–Jade Maiden Scripture.
“It is the Jade Maiden Scripture!” Everyone’s eyes lit up.
Nikki, especially, was so excited that her breathing grew rapid. She couldn’t believe that it was real.
It would have been a lie to say she didn’t have doubts about coming here, but it was a delightful surprise!
“Fellow guests, getting my hands on this treasure wasn’t easy.” Samuel pointed at the Jade. Maiden Scripture.
He said confidently, “I believe you should know that the Jade Maiden Scripture is an ancient. and long–lost knowledge with many secrets.
“Those who practice the ways of the Jade Maiden Scripture will not only improve their skills. They will also live longer and maintain eternal youth!”
As soon as they heard those words, everyone grew excited. Especially the group of women could not hide their greedy expressions.
They weren’t interested in the prospect of greatly enhanced skills. They cared about the promise of long life and eternal youth. Every woman cared about their looks and desired to maintain a youthful look.
“Mr. Nicholson, you must not let the treasure fall into someone else’s hands. We must take it home!” The haughty women were excited as their eyes burned with hunger.
“Don’t worry. No one will dare take it from us as long as I am here. No one has the power to do so either!” Julian raised his head, looking confident.
“I wonder if Miranda will be happy if I give this treasure to her as a gift,” The man in the golden mask murmured to himself.
“Name a price; I’m taking it home with me!” Nikki was impatient.
“Its value is not up to me but to you, my fellow guests. Whatever you suggest as the price will be the price.” Samuel smiled faintly and reflected the question to them.
“You’re letting me decide the value of it? Alright, I’ll pay ten million!” Julian raised his index. finger, taking the lead.
“Hmph! What’s a measly ten million? I’ll pay 50 million for it!”
“50 million for the Jade Maiden Scripture? You must be dreaming! I’ll pay 100 million!”
“200 million here!”
Within a minute, the price of the Jade Maiden Scripture broke through the hundred million
mark.
Everyone knew ancient and long–lost knowledge like the Jade Maiden Scripture was priceless. It couldn’t be bought with just money.
Today, their wealth would determine who takes the treasure home.
“I’m offering one billion!” With gritted teeth, Nikki raised the price. Immediately, the voices.
hushed down.
###Chapter 865 by Marina Vittori
Everyone glanced at Nikki, sizing her up. “Hmph! Do you think one billion is impressive? I’ll pay 1.5 billion!” Julian raised the bid again.
The Nicholsons may not have much of anything else, but they certainly had a lot of money. Not to mention, recently, he was in luck and earned a few billions. He had so much money now that he didn’t know how to spend it.
“Two billion!” Nikki would not let up. The Jade Maiden Sisterhood had a budget of around five billion. As long as she could get the Jade Maiden Scroll, spending it all wasn’t a problem.
“My, my. Are you challenging me? I’m curious to see what you’re capable of. Three billion!” Julian thundered with confidence.
When he raised the price, several buyers gave up and left. Although the Jade Maiden Scripture was a precious treasure, it came with a major limitation. It was only useful for women.
While spending a few hundred million to please their lover wasn’t an issue, a few billion wasn’t worth it.
“Nikki, how much can your guild afford to pay?” Dustin asked suddenly.
“About five billion, why?” Nikki raised an eyebrow.
“Alright, sounds good.” Dustin nodded.
He raised his hand. “We’ll pay five billion.”
“What?”
Many were shocked when they heard the amount. Did they think five billion could fall from the sky?
“That’s crazy? Who raises the price like that?”
“I’m done playing. What’s this nonsense of adding two billion in one go?”
Following the muttered complaints, several buyers left the room.
“Hmph! Let’s see how long you can keep up with your arrogance!” The man behind the mask stood up and left, his gaze filled with resentment.
However, he didn’t leave immediately. Instead, he found a secluded corner and made a call.
“Hello, Miranda, I’ve spotted that guy. This time, we mustn’t let him get away!”
Meanwhile, back inside the private room on the second floor.
As soon as they heard those words, everyone grew excited. Especially the group of women could not hide their greedy expressions.
They weren’t interested in the prospect of greatly enhanced skills. They cared about the promise of long life and eternal youth. Every woman cared about their looks and desired to maintain a youthful look.
“Mr. Nicholson, you must not let the treasure fall into someone else’s hands. We must take it home!” The haughty women were excited as their eyes burned with hunger.
“Don’t worry. No one will dare take it from us as long as I am here. No one has the power to do so either!” Julian raised his head, looking confident.
“I wonder if Miranda will be happy if I give this treasure to her as a gift,” The man in the golden mask murmured to himself.
“Name a price; I’m taking it home with me!” Nikki was impatient.
“Its value is not up to me but to you, my fellow guests. Whatever you suggest as the price will be the price.” Samuel smiled faintly and reflected the question to them.
“You’re letting me decide the value of it? Alright, I’ll pay ten million!” Julian raised his index. finger, taking the lead.
“Hmph! What’s a measly ten million? I’ll pay 50 million for it!”
’50 million for the Jade Maiden Scripture? You must be dreaming! I’ll pay 100 million!”
“200 million here!”
Within a minute, the price of the Jade Maiden Scripture broke through the hundred million
mark.
Everyone knew ancient and long–lost knowledge like the Jade Maiden Scripture was priceless. It couldn’t be bought with just money.
Today, their wealth would determine who takes the treasure home.
“I’m offering one billion!” With gritted teeth, Nikki raised the price. Immediately, the voices.
hushed down.
###Chapter 866 by Marina Vittori
Nikki was livid and glowered at Julian. She clenched her fists, almost losing her cool.
While Dustin remained indifferent, it was like he was staring at a fool.
“Kid, get lost if you don’t have the money. What are you standing around for? Waiting for someone to donate it to you?” Julian mocked.
“Hmph! You’re humiliating yourself by going up against Mr. Nicholson.”
“It’s embarrassing that you don’t have ten billion!”
The haughty women spoke out, and they looked at Nikki with disdain. It was as if money was just a number to them.
“All of you are too much!” Nikki seethed in anger and turned to Dustin.
She asked him, “Dustin, how much money do you have? Lend it all to me. I will get the Jade Maiden Scripture today no matter what! I’m going to crush this guy’s arrogance thoroughly!”
“Money?” Dustin patted his pockets, then shook his head.
“Sorry, I didn’t bring any money. How about you, Cornelius?”
“Me neither.” Cornelius spread his hands out. He only had a few pennies to his name.
“No way, you own a whole manbut don’t have any money?” Nikki frowned, skeptical.
“I don’t have any money. I have a lot of mouths to feed in my organization. I need money to run the
gang, you know? Where would I get so much money in such a short time?” Dustin expressed his helplessness.
He did have the money. He was just unwilling to lend it to Nikki. After all, why spend money if they could get the item for free?
“Then what should we do now? Are we going to just hand over the Jade Maiden Scripture?” Nikki was getting anxious.
It was the Jade Maiden Sisterhood’s precious treasure. It was also important for their guild’s growth.
It was with great difficulty that she finally found a lead. How could she let it slip away into. someone else’s hands?
“Hey, beautiful. You want this scripture, don’t you?” Julian suddenly teased.
“How about this? Why don’t you follow me home and please me? You’ll get everything you want. It’s better than sticking with this poor guy, don’t you think?”
“Get lost!” Nikki glared at him. She would never sell her body.
“Beautiful, opportunities like this won’t come twice. This is a rare chance.” Julian rubbed his chin.
He was attracted to her heroic spirit. Having been accustomed to more gentle ladies, sleeping with a dominant woman had a unique appeal.
“If you speak one more word, I’ll beat the crap out of you!” Nikki seethed in
anger.
“Hey! Why are you so dense? You should feel lucky that Mr. Nicholson has taken a liking to you. Don’t be ungrateful!”
“That’s right! With his status, you should feel honored to serve him!”
“Hmph! What the hell? It’s so disgusting that she’s acting all high and mighty!”
The haughty women scoffed one after the other. It was a rare opportunity that others could only dream of, yet she dared to reject him?
She was stupid!
Julian waved his hand dismissively as if generously letting her off the hook. “Never mind. Let’s not force her if she’s unwilling.”
He turned to Samuel. “Mr. Franklin, I have the highest bid here. The Jade Maiden Scripture should belong to me now, right?”
“Of course.” Samuel nodded with a smile.
Julian spared the formalities and concluded the transaction. His extravagant manner of spending money dazzled the haughty women.
They struck seductive poses and flirted with Julian.
“Kid, I’m taking this baby home! You can go home and eat dirt! Hahaha!” Waving the wooden. box that contained the scripture, Julian chuckled heartily.
He was about to leave with his female companions when suddenly, the door opened. A few masked men walked in fiercely.
“Who’s Julian Nicholson?” The leader of the masked men demanded loudly.
“What the fuck? How dare you call out to me impolitely? You must be asking for death!”
###Chapter 867 by Marina Vittori
Julian glared at the masked men, displeased with them. In public, everyone always addressed him as Mr. Nicholson. The audacity of these masked men to address him familiarly by his first name!
“So, you’re Julian Nicholson.” After the masked man confirmed his target, his gaze turned cold. The next thing they knew, the masked man lunged at Julian with a knife.
The sharp blade sliced into Julian’s abdomen, leaving Julian in shock. His eyes widened in disbelief. What on earth was going on? The masked man must be out of his mind to attack him without a word!
“Ah-!” Julian screamed in pain. He staggered back, clutching his wound.
He was terrified. “W–who are you?” “Your executioner!” The masked men approached Julian murderously.
“I’ve done nothing to offend you. Why do you want to kill me?” Julian broke out in cold sweat as panic overtook him..
“I was paid to kill you. It serves you right for offending Mr. Huffner!” The leader of the masked men thundered.
“I don’t know any Preston Huffner. You must be mistaken.” Julian was taken aback.
“Hmph! Are you still pretending? Mr. Huffner is from Asclepia. You disfigured him outside of Stoneray Valley not long ago. Have you forgotten already?” The leader of the masked men had a cold gaze.
“I don’t know who Preston Huffner is. You must have gotten the wrong person!”
Jullian was close to tears. Where did these crazy people come from? Why were they trying to kill him without getting the situation straight?
“Cut the crap! You must die today for offending Mr. Huffner!” The masked men sneered and lunged at Julian.
“Hold it right there!” One of the haughty women stood in front of him and blocked his
way.
She protested. “You bastards! Do you know who Mr. Nicholson is? Do you know his. background? If you dare t-!”
Before she could finish, the masked man had slashed her to death. Blood sprayed across the table.
It was a shocking sight.
“Ah!” The other women screamed in fear, distancing themselves from Julian. They were afraid of getting caught in the attack.
“Kill him!” The masked men brandished their knives and started slashing at Julian.
“I don’t know who Preston Huffner is. I didn’t disfigure him. You guys are attacking the wrong person!”
Julian cowered and wailed as they continued slashing him. Very soon, he was covered in bloody cuts.
Despite his pleas for mercy and explanations, the masked men attacked relentlessly.
“Preston Huffner?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, a playful smile on his lips.
He had casually mentioned Julian’s name when he attacked Preston previously. He didn’t expect it to cause the situation before him to happen.
“Save me!” Suddenly, Julian, who was covered in blood, rushed toward Dustin.
He begged by Dustin’s feet. “Please, save me!”
“Save you? Since when were we friends?” Dustin smiled cheekily.
“If
you save me, I’ll give you the Jade Maiden Scripture!” Julian spat out blood, then handed over the wooden box to Dustin.
He knew Dustin was good at fighting. Only Dustin could save him now.
“Alright. Since you’ve shown sincerity, I’ll save you this once.” Dustin nodded, receiving the
wooden box.
“That’s great!” Julian lit up in joy.
He then pointed at the masked men. “Kill them!”
“Don’t misunderstand. I only said I’d save you. I never said I would kill for you.” Dustin
corrected him.
“What? What do you mean by that?” Julian was dumbfounded.
“Mr. Adler, call Mr. Nicholson an ambulance immediately,” Dustin instructed.
“An ambulance? You fuck-” Julian was infuriated and was about to erupt in rage when the masked men lunged at him, killing him instantly.
###Chapter 868 by Marina Vittori
Julian died a regretful death. After killing him, the masked men left without any words.
Dustin, who was the reason for his death, got his revenge. Not only that, but he got the Jade. Maiden Scripture that was worth ten billion. It was worth celebrating.
He guessed that the masked man who left earlier was Preston. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have. reacted like that when he saw Dustin.
“Congratulations to the three of you. Luck is on your side.” Samuel clasped his hands, smiling
as usual.
“Mr. Franklin, thanks to you, we got a great deal.” Dustin returned the smile with a knowing look.
Samuel had remained silent the entire time, evidently hoping Julian would meet his end so that he could reclaim the Jade Maiden Scripture.
It was a pity that it ended up in their hands instead.
“May I ask for your name?” Samuel asked respectfully.
“Dustin Rhys.”
“Mr. Rhys, you don’t seem like an ordinary person, given your manner of speech. I hope we can work together again in the future.” Samuel extended an olive branch.
Dustin raised an eyebrow. “How do you intend us to work together, Mr. Franklin?”
“I mainly specialize in gathering information and trading rare treasures. I can assist you if you need help in those areas.” Samuel smiled.
“Is that so? I am facing two difficulties now. I wonder if you can give me an answer for them.” Dustin flashed a smile.
“Please, go ahead.” Samuel nodded his head.
“Firstly, I’d like to know who assassinated Paul Hill. Secondly, I’d like to know about the whereabouts of Cherusia. If you have any information on those, I’m willing to offer a high price,” Dustin stated frankly.
Samuel was not an ordinary man if he could locate the Jade Maiden Scripture that quickly. For all they knew, they might find surprising information with his information network.
Samuel smiled. “I will look into your request, Mr. Rhys. I’ll notify you immediately once I have.
news.”
“Thank you,
we’ll be leaving now.” Dustin nodded and left soon after.
1/2
“Hahaha… We got the Jade Maiden Scripture without spending any money! This is fantastic!” Nikki was excited on the way back.
She had thought she was going to lose the treasure. The result came as a surprise.
“There seems to be something off about this scripture.” Dustin was puzzled as he looked at the sheepskin scripture in his hands.
He’d studied various ancient texts since he was young. He recognized the cultivation methods. in the Jade Maiden Scripture from a different book he’d read.
Not to mention, he was extremely well–versed in those teachings. However, that book wasn’t called the Jade Maiden Scripture.
What caught his attention was that the contents of the scripture in his hands were incomplete.
“What’s off about it? Could this treasure be fake?” Nikki was taken aback and grew nervous.
Dustin shook his head. “It’s not exactly fake, but rather, incomplete.”
“Incomplete?” Nikki frowned and took the sheepskin scripture from him.
She carefully flipped through it and said, “Where’s the missing part? It looks complete to me. Come on, don’t just speak nonsense!”
“It’s not just the content that’s incomplete. There’s something wrong with the cover too. It seems like there’s something hidden inside it. Why don’t we open it up?” Dustin rubbed his chin.
The front and back covers of the scripture had different thicknesses. Though the difference. was minor, he still noticed when he touched the scripture.
“Hey! I’m warning you not to mess around!” Nikki hugged the sheepskin scripture. protectively, close to her chest.
“This is the Jade Maiden Sisterhood’s precious treasure. Will you be able to bear the responsibility if it is damaged?”
###Chapter 869 by Marina Vittori
“I was just saying. You don’t have to open it if you don’t want to.” Dustin shrugged.
Although the Jade Maiden Scripture was impressive, it was only suitable for women. It had no use for him. He was only interested to see it because of his curiosity.
“Hmph! Smart move!” Nikki breathed a sigh of relief.
It was embarrassing to admit, but it was thanks to Dustin that she could get her hands on the Jade Maiden Scripture.
When they returned, she would put in a good word for him with Madam Edith and ensure he was rewarded accordingly.
Twenty minutes later, the car stopped at the entrance of Zephyr Lodge. They had just exited the car when Brittany and a few disciples rushed up to them excitedly.
“Nikki, I heard you found the Jade Maiden Scripture. Where is it? Let me see!” Brittany was unable to hide the excitement on her face.
“It’s right here, have a look.” Nikki passed the box containing the Jade Maiden Scripture to her.
Brittany’s excitement grew as she studied the scripture. “It is the Jade Maiden Scripture. This is great!”
“Congratulations, Brittany! You found our treasure!” The disciples behind her praised her.
“All of you had a hand in finding the scripture!” Brittany said as she flipped through the scripture. She was thrilled.
“Brittany, we could only get our hands on it thanks to Dustin.” Nikki attempted to give Dustin. credit.
“Hmm?” Brittany swept a glance at Dustin.
She looked at Dustin arrogantly. “Hmph! You finally caved in? Have you finally realized you should be pleasing me? You men are always saying one thing but meaning another!”
“Let me make it clear. My actions have nothing to do with you,” Dustin clarified immediately.
“You’re still being stubborn? Why would you be so enthusiastic about finding the scripture if you aren’t in love with me? I’ve seen through you, so stop pretending!” Brittany raised her head, looking proud.
Dustin was rendered speechless. He wondered where her confidence came from. She could
twist any situation to make it all about herself and speak as if it was a fact.
“Fine, given that you went through all that trouble for me, I won’t hold your past mistake against you anymore. Starting today, I’ll allow you to be my fanboy,” Brittany said in a
1/2
naughty tone.
“Hey, what are you doing just standing there? Hurry up and thank her!”
“You’re lucky that you’re getting a chance to please Brittany. You must cherish it!” A few disciples crossed their arms, looking like Dustin had struck gold.
Dustin rolled his eyes. He couldn’t bother wasting his time with a bunch of lunatics.
“What’s going on here?” Just then, Edith strolled in with an old woman. Their proud demeanor made it seem like royalty was arriving.
“Madam Edith, you arrived just in time. We have good news. We found the Jade Maiden Scripture!” Brittany excitedly passed the sheepskin scripture to her.
“You found it?” Madam Edith was astounded. She took a closer look, instantly, her expression turned to joy.
“It is the Jade Maiden Scripture. This is great! Who found it? I’ll have to reward them handsomely!”
“I found it, Madam Edith! I went through a lot of trouble to obtain this precious treasure. I didn’t disappoint, did 1?” Brittany stepped up. She didn’t hesitate to take all the credit. Nikki was stunned by her words.
###Chapter 870 by Marina Vittori
“Brittany?” Nikki looked at her in disbelief. She couldn’t believe Brittany would say something like that. All she did was greet them by the door, yet she had taken all the credit for herself.
It was unfair, especially when Brittany didn’t mention a word about their efforts. “What?” Dustin frowned slightly. Although he wasn’t expecting to be acknowledged, it still annoyed him to be put in such a situation.
“You did great, Brittany. I knew you wouldn’t disappoint.” Edith nodded in gratitude.
“I’ll remember your achievement. Once I’ve mastered the Jade Maiden Scripture’s teachings, I’ll pass them on to you!”
“Thank you, Madam Edith!” Brittany lit up in joy.
This was what she had been waiting for. There was nothing more valuable than being taught personally by her mentor.
“Brittany, I believe there’s something you forgot to mention,” Nikki reminded her.
As a fellow disciple, she didn’t mind not being rewarded. After all, they were all working for
Madam Edith.
However, Dustin had gone through all that trouble. She couldn’t allow him to be treated. unfairly.
“What? Did I say something wrong?” Brittany gave her a warning glance.
As a senior disciple, she intended to be the first to reap the benefits. So what if she stole credit? Who would dare challenge her?
“Brittany, Dustin was the one who found the Jade Maiden Scripture. You shouldn’t disregard his efforts, don’t you think?” Nikki frowned.
“What?” Brittany’s expression darkened.
“Save the nonsense, Nikki. I was the one who found it. You should think before you speak. You must have been mistaken.” Brittany’s words carried a hint of threat.
“I’m not mistaken. It was Dustin who found it!”
Nikki was firm. “I saw it with my own eyes. Dustin was the one who found the scripture’s whereabouts and helped us obtain it!”
The rest of the disciples looked at the two worriedly. It seemed like Nikki was challenging Brittany’s authority.
“How dare you!” Brittany glared at Nikki, enraged.
“Nikki Horst, are you questioning me?” Brittany roared.
“I’m just speaking the truth.” Nikki lowered her head slightly, but her gaze remained unyielding.
“The truth? Hmph! You’re just trying to undermine me!” Brittany’s expression soured.
“We’re guild members, and I can’t believe you’d challenge me on behalf of an outsider!”
With her seniority in the guild, no one dared talk back to her, even when she was oppressive and unjust.
She couldn’t believe Nikki questioned her publicly and embarrassed her. Nikki should have known her place!
“Brittany, don’t you have a conscience? We can’t just ignore it when Dustin helped us out,” Nikki reasoned.
“Shut up!” Brittany’s temper flared, and she slapped Nikki hard across the face.
She screamed, “Who the hell do you think you are? How dare you lecture me?”
“You!” Nikki bit her lips, feeling wronged. Her face was swollen from the slap.
Just then, Edith finally spoke up, “Enough! We’re all members of the same guild. There’s not need to argue about a small matter.”
“Madam Edith, I’m telling the truth. Dustin handed the Jade Maiden Scripture to me personally before I handed it to Brittany!” Nikki tried to explain.
“Do you have proof?” Edith asked impassively.
“The other disciples saw what happened. They can vouch for me!” Nikki pointed at them.
“Oh, is that so?” Edith looked over lazily at the other disciples.
“Madam Edith is asking a question. All of you must answer truthfully!” Brittany’s expression was icy, and her gaze was hostile.
###Chapter 871 by Marina Vittori
“Madam Edith, I can testify that Brittany was the one who got the Jade Maiden Scripture!”
“That’s right. It was all thanks to Brittany. That rotten bastard had nothing to do with it!” “Nikki, you must have been mistaken.”
The disciples spoke out one after the other, choosing to side with Brittany.
“Y–you all!” Nikki was annoyed. She couldn’t believe all of them were exactly like Brittany. They didn’t hesitate to change the truth. It was outrageous!
“Did you hear that, Nikki? Everyone here saw it. Are you still going to argue with me?” Brittany smirked triumphantly.
She looked at Nikki as if she were a fool.
In the Jade Maiden Sisterhood, other than Madam Edith and a few elders, nobody dared to go against Brittany. She could distort the truth as she liked.
“Madam Edith, please believe me. I’m not lying!” Nikki didn’t give up and tried to get Madam Edith’s support.
“Many of them are saying you’re wrong; how am I supposed to believe you?” Edith’s expression was frosty.
“It seems like exhaustion is making you confused. If there’s nothing else, you should return to your room and rest.” With that, Edith turned around to leave.
“Madam Edith!”
Nikki panicked and grabbed her sleeve. “I’m not lying. It’s Brittany who-!”
“Shut it!” Edith grew impatient and slapped Nikki across the face.
Following the crisp sound, Nikki was knocked to the ground. Her cheek swelled as blood. trickled down the corner of her mouth. She struggled to get up.
“You spoke ill of your senior and showed no respect to your elders! You have overstepped your boundary! You must be taught a lesson. Otherwise, you’ll repeat the same actions or worse!
“You will kneel here until night! You’re not allowed to get up before then!” Edtih’s tone was sharp, and her expression dark.
“Madam Edith?” Nikki cupped her cheek, feeling lost. She wasn’t lying.
She was just asking for justice. Was that wrong?
1/2
“How dare you!” Brittany glared at Nikki, enraged.
“Nikki Horst, are you questioning me?” Brittany roared.
“I’m just speaking the truth.” Nikki lowered her head slightly, but her gaze remained. unyielding.
“The truth? Hmph! You’re just trying to undermine me!” Brittany’s expression soured.
“We’re guild members, and I can’t believe you’d challenge me on behalf of an outsider!”
With her seniority in the guild, no one dared talk back to her, even when she was oppressive and unjust.
She couldn’t believe Nikki questioned her publicly and embarrassed her. Nikki should have known her place!
“Brittany, don’t you have a conscience? We can’t just ignore it when Dustin helped us out,‘ Nikki reasoned.
“Shut up!” Brittany’s temper flared, and she slapped Nikki hard across the face.
She screamed, “Who the hell do you think you are? How dare you lecture me?”
“You-!” Nikki bit her lips, feeling wronged. Her face was swollen from the slap.
Just then, Edith finally spoke up, “Enough! We’re all members of the same guild. There’s not need to argue about a small matter.”
“Madam Edith, I’m telling the truth. Dustin handed the Jade Maiden Scripture to me personally before I handed it to Brittany!” Nikki tried to explain.
“Do you have proof?” Edith asked impassively.
“The other disciples saw what happened. They can vouch for me!” Nikki pointed at them.
“Oh, is that so?” Edith looked over lazily at the other disciples.
“Madam Edith is asking a question. All of you must answer truthfully!” Brittany’s expression was icy, and her gaze was hostile.
###Chapter 872 by Marina Vittori
“Sorry, Dustin, I couldn’t help you.” Nikki was kneeling on the ground, feeling guilty. “I didn’t expect things to turn out that way. You worked hard, yet you didn’t get anything in return.”
“I don’t care about any of that. On the other hand, have you ever thought of leaving the Jade. Maiden Sisterhood?” Dustin asked suddenly.
He was upset when Brittany hit Nikki earlier but didn’t intervene. Firstly, it was because that was an internal conflict within the Jade Maiden Sisterhood. Secondly, it was to make Nikki recognize reality sooner.
“Leave? Why?” Nikki frowned. “The Jade Maiden Sisterhood has a bad environment. They don’t set good examples, either. It’s not suited for someone like you,” Dustin said bluntly.
“Hey! I won’t let you insult my guild like that!” Nikki’s expression hardened, upset with Dustin.
“Am I wrong? A guild that distorts the truth and doesn’t follow reason won’t have a future,” Dustin stated calmly.
“Madam Edith treats me well. You just haven’t noticed,” Nikki defended.
“Don’t be naive. If she truly cared for you, she wouldn’t have let you suffer injustice.”
Dustin chuckled. “She knew what happened, yet she chose to side with Brittany.
“She even made you kneel in humiliation despite your significant contribution. Do this is the behavior a mentor should have?”
you
think
“Stop talking! Madam Edith is not like what you think!” Nikki shook her head repeatedly.
“Fine, let’s wait and see then.” Dustin smiled weakly, not saying anything more.
Inside Zephyr Lodge, a horrible shriek pierced through the night sky, echoing throughout that night.
It was none other than Edith who screamed.
All the Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples were in an uproar and rushed toward where Edith was staying.
As soon as they entered the courtyard, they saw Edith lying on the ground as she spat out
blood.
Compared to her usual graceful appearance, she appeared pale and listless. Her hair had also turned half–white.
She looked as if she had aged by more than a decade.
“Madam Edith! What happened to you?” Brittany was shocked and rushed up to help her.
“T–there’s something wrong with the Jade Maiden Scripture. I–I went to extremes during training “Edith coughed violently. As she spoke, she spat out another mouthful of blood.
“What? You went to extremes?”
The group’s expression shifted upon those words. The Jade Maiden Scripture was a precious. treasure their guild’s ancestors passed down.
How could it have possibly caused such problems?
“Brittany, where did you get the Jade Maiden Scripture? It caused Edith to go to extremes in training!”
Right then, the elderly woman beside Edith suddenly grabbed Brittany by the throat. Her expression was menacing.
“Madam Letitia, it had nothing to do with me. I’ve never thought of harming Madam Edith!” Brittany shook her head, looking desperate.
She suddenly thought of something and quickly explained, “I get it now! It must be Nikki who was behind this. She must have done something to the scripture when I got her to look for it!”
“That’s right! Nikki must have conspired with Dustin to frame Brittany!” the disciples said.
“That traitor! Seize her and bring her here for questioning immediately!” Letitia screamed in
anger.
“Right away!” the disciples answered and left hastily.
Soon, Nikki, whose hair was disheveled, was brought into the courtyard. She was tied up.
“What are you guys doing? Let me go!” Nikki struggled relentlessly, feeling wronged.
She had just finished her bath. And the moment she stepped out, she was captured by her fellow disciples.
“Nikki Horst! You acted in defiance of authority and betrayed the guild. How do you think you should be punished?” Letitia glared at Nikki.
“Betrayed the guild?” Nikki was taken aback.
“Madam Letitia, what the hell are you talking about?”
“You altered the Jade Maiden Scripture in secret, which led to Edith going to extremes in
2/3
training. Are you still going to deny it?” Letitia roared.
“What? Madam Edith went to extremes in training?” Nikki was shocked, her gaze darting around. She quickly noticed Edith in a listless state.
She asked anxiously, “Madam Edith! How did this happen? Are you alright?”
###Chapter 873 by Marina Vittori
“Stop pretending! If it weren’t because you harbored ill intentions, Edith wouldn’t have gotten hurt!” Letitia shrieked. “It wasn’t me!” Nikki shook her head repeatedly.
“I didn’t do anything. I passed the Jade Maiden Scripture to Brittany right after I got it!” “Shut up!” Brittany’s expression shifted upon hearing her. She rushed up and slapped Nikki’s face two times.
She screamed, “You bitch! How dare you slander me? It’s you who planned this!”
“Exactly! We all saw it! You were the one who handed the Jade Maiden Scripture over to Brittany!”
“It seems like it’s true that you can never know someone completely. I can’t believe you would be so bold to harm Madam Edith!” One after the other, the group of disciples condemned Nikki.
“I didn’t! I didn’t! I would never harm Madam Edith!” Nikki panicked. She struggled to get up but was unable to move.
“You bitch! Are you still trying to deny it? It seems like you still won’t learn a lesson. Punish her with torture!” Letitia ordered.
Soon, a few disciples of the disciplinary board pinned Nikki forcefully to the ground. A thorny iron whip soaked in chili pepper water was brought out.
The iron whip was specially crafted to break through Divine Aura. A few lashes were enough to overwhelm a skilled divine–level martial artist.
“Let me ask you again. Do you plead guilty?” Letitia growled.
“No! I didn’t do anything! I’m innocent!” Nikki gritted her teeth, her gaze unyielding.
”
You brought this upon yourself! Torture her!” Letitia gestured to the disciples.
“Yes, madam!” The disciplinary disciple answered her and swung the iron whip down forcefully.
A crisp whack echoed as the thorny iron whip struck Nikki’s back hard. Instantly, her clothes. tore, and flesh gaped through her skin, covering her in blood.
Nikki endured the pain. She gritted her teeth and clenched her fists tightly.
The disciplinary disciple showed no mercy. She delivered whip after whip, each strike landing heavily.
? Malam 1-4 on training
and the gia
1:|:|:?  1|: ?  1:|: ?  ?
game fartinst
the starred “Malan / show it the hopp) Aris pone alright ?
Soon, Nikki was covered in injuries. Although she was evidently in pain and was breaking out in cold sweat, she refused to yield.
She continued to deny and defend herself from the claims.
“Do you plead guilty?” Letitia’s expression was cold.
“No! I’m innocent!” Nikki looked at Edith pleadingly.
“Madam Edith, my loyalty is unwavering. I will never betray the guild. Please investigate clearly into it!”
Edith’s gaze was frosty as she remained silent. It was as if she didn’t hear her.
“Keep going!” Letitia raised her hand again.
“Let me do it!” Brittany volunteered, her gaze turning cold.
She grabbed the iron whip from the disciplinary disciple, wanting to torture Nikki personally.
Since she was more skilled, her blows were more forceful. Each lash that came down left Nikki groaning in pain as her face twisted in agony.
“This is your punishment for harming others! I dare you to harm others again! I’m going to cleanse our ranks today!”
As Brittany whipped Nikki, her lips twisted into an evil smirk. She was acting based on a personal grudge.
After the torture, Nikki was covered in welts. Her back was so injured that it was hard to differentiate between flesh and blood.
It was a gruesome sight.
Yet, the Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples looked at the sight coldly. Not a single person felt sorry for her.
“Stop right there!” Suddenly, they heard a loud voice.
At the same time, someone grabbed the iron whip from Brittany’s hands, breaking it on the
spot.
###Chapter 874 by Marina Vittori
It was Cornelius who saved Nikki. When Dustin yelled, Cornelius appeared in front of them instantly. He grabbed the iron whip and broke it in half. “How dare you!”
“You insolent bastard!” The Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples shouted. They were angry at Dustin and Cornelius for disrupting the punishment. Some took out their swords, looking ready to fight.
Duistin ignored them and walked up to Nikki. His expression darkened when he saw her covered in wounds and looking close to death.
It was one thing to steal credit; Dustin could have acted as if nothing happened. But now they had falsely accused a person and resorted to torture when things turned bad. It was outrageous!
“All of you are fellow disciples. Do you think it’s appropriate to use such inhumane methods?” Dustin scanned his surroundings, his gaze sharp.
“We are punishing a traitor. Outsiders should leave immediately!” Letitia warned.
“This is my territory. Naturally, it is my business when something has happened,” Dustin uttered coldly.
“Hey! I’m ordering you not to be a busybody! You won’t want to get involved!” Brittany’s gaze was hostile.
Dustin was silent and squatted down. He helped Nikki, who was very weak, up and fed her Haemotrol to help with her injuries.
He asked, “What happened? Why did they hit you?”
“They said there’s something wrong with the Jade Maiden Scripture and that Madam Edith had went to extremes in training. They’re so sure that I harmed her when I’m innocent. I didn’t do anything.”
Nikki was pale and weak. She kept shaking her head. Even when severely injured, she hoped to
clear herself of the blame.
“I understand. Leave this to me.” Dustin nodded. When he looked up once again, his gaze was
frosty.
“All of you are too much for using such methods getting the situation straight.”
1/2
“She had evil motives and intended to betray the guild. She deserves to be whipped to death!” Letitia roared.
“Betray the guild? Do you have evidence?” Dustin countered.
“The Jade Maiden Scripture is the evidence!”
Leitita looked menacing. “This disciple had malicious thoughts when she presented us with a fake scripture. After Edith underwent training, she went to extremes and was in harm’s way.” “Wait.” Dustin raised a hand to stop her.
“You must have gotten it wrong. I clearly remember Brittany was the one who presented the Jade Maiden Scripture to you. You should be asking why she harmed Madam Edith!”
“Y–you! What nonsense are you spouting?” Brittany’s expression shifted dramatically. She was unable to stay calm.
“Did I say anything wrong?”
Dustin glanced coldly at her. “You took charge completely this morning and said through a lot of trouble to get your hands on the Jade Maiden Scripture.
you went
“Now that something has happened, you pushed the blame onto Nikki. You’re such a master at blaming someone else!”
“Shut up!” Brittany was flustered.
“Another word of nonsense out your mouth, and I’ll retract your chance of being my fanboy!”
“Madam Parker, you were at the scene today as well. You should be clear about what happened. if you haven’t lost your memories.”
Dustin turned his attention to Edith. “It’s Brittany at fault, and yet you pushed the blame toward Nikki. I wonder if you’re acting dumb or just playing favorites.”
Edith’s lips twisted into a frown at Dustin’s words. She couldn’t believe someone dared. challenge her authority. This bastard was asking for death!
“You insolent bastard! How dare you judge Edith with your status?” Letitia roared.
“I’m just seeking justice.” Dustin had his arms behind his back as he glowered at them.
“The Jade Maiden Sisterhood is a legitimate guild. If word gets out that this is how you handle matters, you will be the joke of the town.”
“How dare you?” Edith couldn’t hold back any longer.
She angrily screamed, “Who the hell do you think you are? How dare you point fingers at us? Grab him!”
###Chapter 875 by Marina Vittori
“I will break your legs for humiliating Edith!” Letitia’s gaze turned cold. She shot toward Dustin like a ghost. As a divine–level marital artist, her skills were second only to Edith and comparable to several elders of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood.
“Go to hell!” Cornelius‘ expression darkened when he saw Letitia trying to attack Dustin. He replicated Letitia’s palm attack with equal force, resulting in a loud collision. He staggered a few steps back before steadying himself.
But Letitia was sent flying a few meters away before crashing heavily into a large tree. It was like a car had hit her. The force left her coughing blood uncontrollably.
“What?” The expressions of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples fell.
Letitia’s skills ranked among the top five of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood members. None of the disciples could match her power.
Yet, she was severely injured by a skinny old man. It was astonishing!
Even Edith appeared unsettled at that moment. They didn’t expect Zephyr Lodge to have such. a strong fighter.
“You should know your place!” Cornelius sneered before returning to Dustin’s side.
After collecting herself, Brittany roared, “How… how dare you hurt Madam Letitia? Your crimes are horrible!
“Dustin Rhys! I order you to apologize to Madam Letitia immediately and slap that old man. Otherwise, I will get mad!”
Dustin didn’t respond to her and looked Edith straight in the eye. “Madam Parker, first things. first, please get the situation straight.
“I’m not a member of your guild. I will not let you act as you like.
“Secondly, everyone can tell right from wrong. You allowed your disciples to twist and distort. the truth. It will lead to your downfall sooner or later.
“Lastly, let me remind you. This is my territory. I’m in charge here.
“I welcome your presence as guests. But if you continue creating disturbances with your arrogance and domineering attitude, don’t blame me for throwing all of you out of here!”
“You wouldn’t dare!” Edith’s temper flared at his words.
She was the leader of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood with more than ten thousand disciples!
No matter where she went, she was the center of attention. She had never been humiliated like this before.
“Why wouldn’t I? I only let you stay here because of Nikki. But now you have angered me. All of you, leave!” Dustin ordered, glaring at them firmly.
“You-!” Edith was furious that her face flushed red. The veins on her face were bulging.
Suddenly, she coughed up blood and nearly collapsed.
She was already severely injured from going to extremes in training. Her internal energy and blood surging only worsen her condition.
Seeing that she was no match for Dustin, Edith suddenly turned to Nikki. “Y–you traitor!”
She yelled, “I’ve treated you well all this time, yet you conspired with an outsider to humiliate. me!”
Those words struck Nikki like a lightning bolt, and she froze to the spot. She collapsed to her knees with a thud when the shock wore off.
She begged Edith, “Madam Edith, I was wrong. I admit to the crimes. You can punish me as you see fit. Please don’t kick me out!”
“It’s too late!” Edith dropped her kind act.
Her expression was stern. “From today onward, I am no longer your mentor. And you are no longer a disciple of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood.
“Now, get out of here!”
“This is my home. If anyone is leaving, it is all of you,” Dustin stated.
Edith’s expression stiffened before she coughed up another mouthful of blood. She was irritated to the point she fainted on the spot.
###Chapter 876 by Marina Vittori
“Madam Edith!” The Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples were shocked to see Edith collapse. They surrounded her, trying everything they could to wake her up. But all their efforts were in vain due to the severity of her injurie
“Hurry up and get her a doctor!” Letitia commanded and got the disciples to carry Edith outside. “Injuries sustained from going to extremes in training are not something an ordinary doctor can treat.
“Of course, if you admit to your mistakes and pay me five billion as a reward, I can consider saving Madam Parker,” Dustin said impassively.
“What nonsense! Five billion? Why don’t you rob the bank instead?”
Letitia glared at Dustin. “Edith is blessed and has luck on her side. Nothing will happen to her. “Even if she were on the brink of death, we will never beg for your help!”
“Really? Good luck then.” Dustin smiled.
“Let’s go!” Letitia wasted no time. With a wave of her hand, she led the group out.
“Madam Edith!” Nikki struggled to approach them but was pushed to the ground by Brittany instead.
“Get lost! You’re no longer a Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciple. You have no right to come near us!”
As she spoke, she turned her attention toward Dustin.
“And you! You have angered me this time.
“I will strip you of your right to be my fanboy! I will make you regret this for the rest of your life!”
With that, she left in a huff.
“Idiot.” Dustin spat out.
How could she still make it about herself at a time like this? She was indeed a lunatic!
“Madam Edith …” Still kneeling on the ground, tears streamed down Nikki’s face as she watched them leave.
She never expected the Jade Maiden Scripture to cause them to fight amongst themselves and for her to be abandoned. For some reason, she had become the greatest sinner of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood.
“It’s better to leave a guild like that sooner than later,” Dustin consoled her.
Nikki was filled with sorrow. “You don’t understand! You don’t understand a thing!”
“Madam Edith saved me once and has shown me nothing but kindness. How can I leave before repaying her?”
“Your mentor doesn’t care about you at all. Don’t lie to yourself.” Dustin shook his head.
It was good that she understood gratitude, but it was also important to consider who she was showing it to.
Nikki bit her lip. “I owe her that much. I need to repay her.”
“Do you want to return to the Jade Maiden Sisterhood?” Dustin frowned slightly.
“I’m returning no matter what it takes!” Nikki nodded firmly. Her gaze was unwavering despite her battered condition.
“Fine, I’ll help you again for your brother’s sake.” Dustin felt helpless.
There was no turning back for this kid. She was determined to keep going.
“You? How would you help me?” Nikki looked doubtful.
“Only I can heal your mentor. I also have the complete Jade Maiden Scripture.
“I believe they will come again in two days. When that day comes, you’ll be able to rejoin your guild again,” Dustin said calmly.
“Really?” Nikki’s eyes lit up.
“You’ll find out for yourself soon enough. I just hope you won’t regret it,” Dustin warned.
“No, I won’t… I will never regret it! Thank you!” Nikki lit up in joy and gave Dustin a big hug.
Although it aggravated her injuries, and she grimaced in pain, the smile on her face never diminished.
To her, being able to return to the Jade Maiden Sisterhood was the only good thing among her misfortune.
Just as Dustin was about to say something else, his phone rang.
###Chapter 877 by Marina Vittori
Ruth’s urgent voice quickly came through when the call connected. “Dustin! Bad news! My sister is in trouble!” “Trouble?” Dustin furrowed his brows.
“What happened?”
“The family treasury has been robbed. My sister is the prime suspect. “They’re going to use the house law on her!” Ruth exclaimed in panic. “Try your best to hold them up. I’ll be there as soon as I can!”
Without a moment to spare, Dustin hung up and swiftly headed to the Harmons‘ residence. with Cornelius.
Meanwhile, inside the Harmon’s ancestral altar, a group of people blocked Natasha at the entrance. She was trapped with nowhere to go.
The elders of the family were angry and filled with righteous indignation. They scolded her nonstop.
“Natasha! How dare you conspire with outsiders to steal from the family treasury. You are truly an ungrateful daughter!”
“You have ruined our hundred–year–old legacy! How do you think you should be punished?”
“You bitch! How could the Harmons have raised such an ungrateful brat like you?”
The group kept pointing fingers and criticizing Natasha. Amidst the anger, there were also strong feelings of resentment.
“I’ve explained many times. I did not steal from the treasury or conspire with outsiders.
“I have no idea what is going on!” Natasha frowned, her expression grim.
She had just laid down to rest not long ago. But a group of family elders suddenly barged into her room without a word and brought her to the ancestral hall to be locked up.
For some reason, they accused her of theft and forced her to confess.
“You have no idea? What a joke!”
Dylan stepped up and said coldly, “Everyone knows there are only two keys to the treasury. One is with you, and the other is with Uncle Hector.
“With Uncle Hector not around, you are the only one who can access the treasury. That means
you’re the one behind this theft!”
“Exactly! The key is with you, and now the treasury has been robbed. It must be you!” Kate added.
“Natasha! The family has always treated you well. Why would you do this?” Trent exclaimed.
“Uncle Trent, it wasn’t me. I didn’t do anything!” Natasha shook her head.
“If it wasn’t you, was it Uncle Hector?” Dylan sneered.
“My father and I would never do anything to harm the family. This must be a misunderstanding.” Natasha’s brows furrowed deeply.
“Natasha Harmon! Stop denying!
“If you confess and return the stolen treasures, there might be a chance to resolve this. But if you insist on being stubborn, we must enforce the house law!” Dylan threatened.
“Uncle Jacob, if someone steals while being the guardian and destroys the family’s legacy, how do we deal with them according to the house law?” Kate asked sarcastically.
Jacob answered with a grim expression, “Gouge out their eyes, cut off their tongue, and break off their limbs.”
The crowds‘ expressions shifted when they heard that. If they truly enforced the house law, Natasha wouldn’t survive.
“I haven’t done anything wrong! Who dares enforce the house law on me?” Natasha yelled.
Her gaze hardened as she stared at the crowd without fear.
“Natasha, I’m giving you one last chance. Hand over the treasures, and I can pretend that nothing happened.
“Otherwise, you’ll have to face the consequences!” Trent looked serious.
“Uncle Trent, I’ve been set up! Please don’t fall for it!” Natasha reasoned.
“Still denying? You really need to be taught a lesson!!”
Dylan didn’t bother wasting his breath further and commanded, “Guards! Enforce the house. law on her!”
As soon as he spoke, several muscular men approached Natasha with sharp gazes.
“Stop!”
Just then, Hector suddenly rushed in and shouted angrily, “What are all of you doing? Attempting a rebellion?”
“Uncle Hector, you came right on time.” The corner of Dylan’s lips curved up into a smile.
“Natasha conspired with outsiders to steal from the family treasury. As the family head, you should enforce the house law personally.” His words carried a hidden meaning.
While speaking, he took out a knife and placed it in Hector’s hands.
He clearly wanted the father and daughter duo to go against each other.
###Chapter 878 by Marina Vittori
“Nonsense!” Hector knocked away the knife offered to him.
“I know Natasha very well. She would never do anything like this! There must have been a mistake!”
When Hector heard that his daughter was in trouble, he immediately rushed home. He didn’t expect to be met with such a hostile scene as soon as he stepped inside.
Were they going to enforce the house law? Who dared to enforce the house law while the head. of the family was away?
“Uncle Hector, it’s impossible to know a person truly. Character is nothing in front of riches.”
Dylan shook his head and continued, “The treasury was robbed, and only you and your daughter have the keys. If it wasn’t Natasha, was it you, then?”
“Nonsense!”
Hector glared at Dylan and exclaimed, “As the family head, I consider myself upright and honorable. I would never do anything that harms our family!”
“Well, that’s certainly unusual. If it wasn’t you or Natasha, was it a ghost who did it?” Dylan asked sarcastically.
The crowd was doubtful upon hearing those words. Although Hector was selfless, it didn’t necessarily mean that Natasha was innocent.
Since it involved his daughter’s safety, even the most upright individuals would struggle to remain impartial.
“Hector, the treasury theft is not a small matter. Someone has to take responsibility.
“Otherwise, it will be difficult to gain the trust of others!” Trent said sternly.
“Hector, I know you care about your daughter. But this concerns the fate of our family.
“You shouldn’t make a judgment based on your emotions!” Jacob added. He was stern, too.
“That’s right! Our ancestor’s legacy must not be destroyed. Natasha betrayed and stole from us by working with outsiders. She must be punished!”
At that moment, a chorus of voices erupted in a clamor. Since they all had a share of the treasures within the treasury, they were naturally furious that it was stolen.
“Everyone, calm down!”
Hector raised his hands to calm the crowd. “This matter hasn’t been fully investigated yet. We can’t just come to a premature conclusion.”
Dylan said, “Uncle Hector, the treasury cannot be opened without the keys. I’d like to ask, where is your key?”
“Here.”
Hector took out a pocket watch hanging around his neck. He opened the lid, revealing a specially crafted golden key hidden within. Since it was an important item, he always kept it
on him.
“How about your key, Natasha?” Dylan turned toward her and asked.
“I have it too, of course!” As Natasha spoke, her hands went toward her waist.
However, her expression soon shifted. The key hidden at her waist had disappeared!
“What’s wrong? Can’t find it?” Dylan smiled sarcastically.
“It should be in my room. I’ll go back and look for it.”
As Natasha was about to leave, Dylan extended his hand to stop her.
“No need for that. Your key is right here!” Dylan raised his hand.
A golden key was in his hands. Its design, pattern, and engravings were the same as the one in Hector’s hand.
“What?”
Natasha was confused. “Why is my key with you?”
“That is a question you should be asking yourself.”
Dylan sneered, “Right after the treasury was broken in, I immediately gathered a group of people to capture the thief. I found this key on the traitor.”
“Bring that traitor in here!” Dylan shouted.
Soon, two guards entered, dragging an injured man in with them. That person was none other than one of Natasha’s attendants.
###Chapter 879 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Upon seeing the man, both Hector and Natasha frowned. They started to worry. “Uncle Hector, you should recognize this man, right?”
Dylan walked around the attendant. “I caught this guy as he escaped with the treasures. “After a thorough interrogation, he confessed and admitted to his crimes. The key to the treasury is the evidence.”
“Hey! What are you still standing around for?
“Hurry up and tell us the truth. This is your last chance to redeem yourself!” Kate stepped. forward and kicked the attendant.
“It’s not me… I had nothing to do with it!” With a thud, the man fell to his knees before pointing at Natasha.
He groveled as he cried out, “It was all Miss Natasha’s doing! She ordered me to do it.
“I was just following orders. I don’t know anything.
“Please, I beg you, spare my life!”
“What are you talking about? When did I ever order you to do such a thing?” Natasha looked
serious.
“Ms. Natasha, we have been exposed. There’s no point in denying it.
“You might even get a lighter punishment the sooner you hand over the treasures,” the attendant said mournfully.
“You sure got the guts! How dare you falsely accuse me like that?” Natasha’s anger surged uncontrollably.
She didn’t expect to be framed by her men. There was no way for her to prove her innocence.
now.
“Natasha, you can stop the act. We have a witness and evidence. Just confess to your crimes!” Dylan looked at her with eyes full of hostility.
“This is your last chance. If you don’t show remorse and continue to be stubborn, we’ll have to enforce the house law!”
“Hector, you are the family head. You must enforce the house law, no matter personal reasons! “Trent said sternly.
“The family’s interests always come first. Anyone who dares to harm the family’s interests is
an enemy of the Harmons!” Jacob declared.
“Enforce the house law!”
“Enforce it!”
The scene turned into chaos with their chants.
At first, they were just suspicious. But now there was both a witness and evidence; they were sure that Natasha was involved in the theft and had betrayed the family.
It was necessary to enforce the house law in response to such a crime as a warning to others. “Silence!” Hector thundered.
The instant sense of authority reverberated throughout the entire hall.
Instantly, the voices stopped.
“Hector, you are the family head. Will you stand against the law for personal reasons and protect a criminal within the family?” Trent asked.
“Hector, it is unwise to go against public sentiment. You should think this through carefully!” Jacob warned.
“Trent, Jacob, everyone…” Hector took a deep breath before picking the knife up from the ground.
He spoke loudly, “As the family head, I share an equal responsibility for the treasury theft.
“As a father, I failed to teach my child. Therefore, I hold myself equally accountable.
“I understand that all of you are angered at the situation. That is why I will bear the punishment on behalf of my daughter as a response to your concerns!”
When Hector was done speaking, he suddenly raised the knife and thrust it into his abdomen. three times in quick succession..
Instantly, blood surged out. It wasn’t long before his clothes were stained red.
“What?” Everyone was shocked at the scene.
Nobody expected Hector to stab himself without hesitation. Moreover, he didn’t hold back.
Each stab had pierced deep into his flesh and bones.
“Dad!” Natasha’s expression shifted as she rushed forward.
However, Hector raised a hand to stop her. Even though he was bleeding profusely from his abdomen, his body remained upright.
“Uncle Hector, I truly respect your courage. But these three stabs won’t clear Natasha of her crime.” Dylan narrowed his eyes.
“I understand.” Hector nodded.
He then stated calmly, “That is why I have decided that from this moment on, I will step down. as the family head and hand over all of my assets. I will be bearing all of the consequences!”
###Chapter 880 by Marina Vittori
“What? You’re stepping down as the family head?” Hector’s words caused the crowd to panic. Since he became the family head, Hector worked diligently and tirelessly to manage the family. He had kept everything in order.
While no one in the entire family dared to challenge his authority, they found it hard to accept. that he was stepping down. “Dad! All of this happened because of me.
“I should be the one being punished, if ever. There’s no need for you to bear the blame!” Natasha started to panic.
If Hector stepped down from his position and handed over all his assets, decades of her father’s hard work would be ruined.
After that, they would be left with nothing and no chance to turn the situation around. “Shut it! It’s not your place to speak!” Hector turned back and roared.
Power, status, and money were nothing to him compared to his daughter. “Hector, are you sure about this?” Trent’s eyes shone with delight before he regained his composure.
“Hector, resigning from the role of the family head is no small matter. You should think properly.” Jacob stroked his chin, deep in thought.
“Since a mistake was made, I must accept the consequences. I’ve made up my mind. There’s no need to persuade me,” Hector responded calmly.
“Your sudden resignation would leave us without a leader. This puts us in a difficult situation. “Trent looked troubled.
“Trent, you are both courageous and resourceful and the eldest amongst us. You are more than qualified to take on the role,” Hector said.
“That doesn’t seem appropriate. I’m afraid it will take time to gain everyone’s trust.” Trent faked reluctance.
“Trent, your contributions to the family are no less than Hector’s. I believe you are very suited for the role!” Jacob showed his support.
“That’s right! Uncle Trent has wisdom and courage. His hard work and achievements are remarkable. He can be the family head,” Dylan echoed.
“Dad, it will be hard at first. But since everyone is nominating you, why don’t you accept it?” Kate said with a smile.
They had struggled this long all for this moment. Thankfully, their determination and efforts didn’t go to waste.
Her father had finally risen to power.
“Alright. Since everyone is insistent, I’ll try it for a few days.
“If a more suitable candidate shows up, I’ll step down and let them take over,” Trent humbly. said with a smile.
“With Trent leading the family from now on, I believe the Harmons will reach even greater heights!” Jacob took the opportunity to flatter Trent.
“Congratulations, Uncle Trent! Congratulations on becoming the family head of us, Harmons! “Dylan shook his hand.
“Congratulations, Mr. Trent!” The crowd exchanged glances and was quick to catch on.
They congratulated Trent loudly together.
Trent burst into laughter. “Hahaha… Alright! From now on, I will do my best for the family. I will not disappoint you!”
“Trent, congratulations on getting what you wished for. With the injuries I have, may I be excused?” Hector bowed slightly.
“Go ahead. Take good care of yourself.” Trent smiled and nodded.
Since he was just appointed the family head, he was in a good mood.
“Hold on!” Kate suddenly called out as the father and daughter were about to leave.
“Uncle Hector, even though you’ve taken the blame, it was ultimately Natasha’s mistake. If we don’t punish her properly, there might be others who would do the same in the future.”
“What?” Natasha’s expression turned icy.
“We’ve already surrendered all our assets. What more do you want?”
“By returning the goods that had been stolen, does that mean the theft never happened? Don’t you think that would be letting you off too easy?” Kate crossed her arms.
“Exactly! While we spared you from the death penalty, you must be taught a lesson to prevent you from doing it again!” Dylan stated firmly.
“Don’t push it too far! You know very well whether I stole from the family treasury!” Natasha raised her eyebrows in anger.
She had always been sharp–minded. After what happened earlier, she was sure this had been a
setup.
She was the bait, and her father was the prey. All accusations and schemes were planned to
2
have Trent as the family head.
“What? The evidence is clear. Are you still going to try to argue your way out of this?” Kate sneered.
“Uncle Trent, you’re the family head now. It’s up to you to decide how to handle this,” Dylan said.
###Chapter 881 by Marina Vittori
“Considering that this is Natasha’s first offense, and she has shown timely remorse, we can spare her from physical punishment.”
However, Trent suddenly added, “But the family has suffered significant losses, and you must make amends. “Here’s the deal: if you hand over the formula to Immortunol, I’ll forget today ever happened.
“The formula to Immortunol?” Natasha furrowed her brows and refused immediately, “Never!”
She hadn’t committed any crime. They had only given in to alleviate the situation. She couldn’t believe they were pushing their luck and targeting the formula to Immortunol. Their greed knew no limits!
They knew that the formula was an invaluable treasure. Even if Natasha gave up all her assets, she could still make a fresh start as long as she possessed the formula.
“Natasha Harmon! Uncle Trent is giving you a chance. Don’t be ungrateful!” Dylan shouted.
“Hmph! You’ll face our house law if you don’t hand over the formula. Let’s see how you fare then!” Kate looked at her maliciously.
Immortunol had become a sought–after product in the high–end medical aesthetics market. It was known as a medicine that was hard to obtain.
Besides, its annual profit per year was at least several hundred billion. Who wouldn’t want it?
“I won’t give it up even if you kill me, not to mention enforcing the house law!” Natasha was fearless.
“Very well! You brought this upon yourself!”
Kate’s gaze turned icy. “Take her away! Give her 80 strokes of the cane!”
“Yes, ma’am!”
Several guards stepped forward immediately, ready to grab Natasha.
Since Hector’s power and authority were diminishing, Natahsa naturally lost her influence too.
“Who dares!”
Just as the guards were about to take action, a shadow barged in, kicking several guards aside. The newcomer was none other than Dustin. Following closely behind was a breathless Ruth.
“Why are you here?” Natasha lit up when she saw Dustin.
Her anxiety finally eased. It was like she had found a source of support.
“Ruth said you were in trouble, so I came to check on you.
“How are you? Are you hurt?” Dustin was concerned.
“I’m fine, but my dad got three stabs,” Natasha replied truthfully.
“Mr. Harmon?”
Dustin turned to Hector. When he noticed him bleeding from his abdomen, he frowned.
“Who did this?” he bellowed.
“No one. I did it to myself.” Hector shook his head.
“What?” Dustin was taken aback.
What went on that led to him stabbing himself?
“This is what happened…” Natasha didn’t hide anything and briefly recounted the events.
After hearing her explanation, Dustin’s gaze hardened.
They accused his woman, forced Hector to step down, and were about to enforce the house law. These people deserved a beating.
“Rhys! What happened today has nothing to do with you. I’m warning you not to get involved, or you’ll face the consequences!” Kate shouted.
“Anything that happens to Natasha has everything to do with me! If you dare touch her, you should be ready to suffer!”
Dustin stood firmly in front of Natasha, his tone authoritative.
“You son of bitch! Show some respect! Take a look around and see who’s in charge now!” Kate threatened.
She had held back when Hector was still in charge. But now that her father had become the family head, her authority had also risen.
“I couldn’t care less about the Harmons. Just know that Natasha is my woman.
“I’m taking her away safely today. Stop me if your dare!”
As Dustin stepped forward, an overwhelming aura came from him. He emitted an aura of dominance.
###Chapter 882 by Marina Vittori
Natasha felt butterflies in her stomach as she basked in Dustin’s domineering presence. His glare was sharp. They were intense and fiery. She felt pleased to be protected by the man she loved.
“You son of bitch! It seems you won’t understand how powerful we are until we teach you a lesson!” Kate erupted into anger as she yelled, “Take him away!”
As soon as she spoke, a dozen Harmon family guards charged forward. Each of them exuded murderous intent as they approached with sharp gazes.
“The audacity!” Before Dustin could act, Cornelius had transformed into a ghostly shadow and shot across the heads of the crowd. With a graceful backflip, he landed confidently in front of the guards.
A loud explosion was heard as he launched a palm strike from a distance. A powerful divine aura surged like a wave, knocking over the guards to the ground.
The lingering force became a fierce gust of wind, forcing the rest of the Harmons to stagger backward. They couldn’t keep their eyes open.
As the wind subsided, all their guards were lying on the ground with severe injuries. They coughed up blood.
“What?” Everyone was shocked at Cornelius‘
appearance.
Nobody expected an unimposing, frail old man to have such formidable skills.
It was frightening that he could defeat numerous elite guards with just one move.
“W–who are you?” Kate shrunk back involuntarily, scared.
“I’m nobody worth mentioning.” Cornelius spat out coldly.
Although he appeared thin, like a stick, nobody dared look down on him then.
He had manifested true energy externally. In other words, the old man was a formidable divine
-level martial artist!
“Old man, I don’t care who you are. Get lost immediately! You have no right to meddle in the affairs of the Harmons!” Kate yelled.
She was not only the patriarch’s daughter. She was also Tyler’s fiance. Her standing in the family was second to no one.
“I’m not interested in the affairs of your family. But if you dare lay a hand on Sir Rhys, I will
break your necks!” Cornelius warned coldly.
“How dare you!” Kate glared at him.
“Do you know who you’re talking to? Do you know who my fiance is?
“You must be seeking death to be making a scene here!”
“My life is worthless since I’m old. If I die, so be it. But it’ll be worth it if I can exchange my life for yours before I die,” Cornelius said seriously.
“Y–you!” Kate’s eyelids twitched as she took several steps back. She put more distance between herself and Cornelius.
She was afraid of facing someone so fearless and crazy.
“Old man, you’re not young anymore. Is it worth risking your life like this?”
Just then, Dylan suddenly stepped forward. He had an arrogant expression, and his sharp gaze held disdain.
As a divine–level martial artist and a high–ranking commander of the Dark Panther Calvary, he had confidence in his abilities.
The weak martial artists in the martial world were powerless against him.
“Dylan, that old man has some skills. You need to be careful.” Kate warned.
“Don’t worry, Kate. Dealing with an old guy like him who’s already one step away from his grave is easy for me,” Dylan said with pride.
“Very well, let’s cripple him first. Then we’ll deal with Dustin,” Kate said with a sinister smile.
“Old man, I’ll give you a chance to kneel and beg for mercy from me. Then, you might still be able to keep your pathetic life.
“Otherwise, once I make a move, there won’t be a trace of you left!” Dylan threatened.
“Bring it on, brat.” Cornelius gestured with his hand and remained impassive.
“Go to hell!” Dylan seethed in anger.
With a light jump, he shot forward like an arrow.
“Take my Tiger Fist!”
###Chapter 883 by Marina Vittori
As he got closer, Dylan whipped around and threw a heavy punch at Cornelius. Just as his punch was about to make contact, Cornelius raised his hand and caught his fist.
A large bang sounded from the impact. The divine aura that Dylan wrapped around his punch broke on the spot. It was so fragile as if it was made of paper. “What?” Dylan was shocked. He hadn’t expected Cornelius to grab his aura–wrapped punch so easily.
“Is this all you’ve got?” Cornelius looked at him in contempt. With a slight twist, a cracking sound was heard, and Dylan’s wrist was broken.
“Ahh-!” His painful shriek was cut short by a kick from Cornelius. Dylan was sent flying across the room and slammed onto the wall. He bled from both his nose. and mouth.
The Harmons looked at the scene in shock. Dylan’s martial skills were acknowledged to be the best out of them all. He even surpassed the leader of the shadow guards.
No one in the Harmon household could match him.
Seeing such an expert being defeated by such a skinny old man was shocking!
All it took was just a single move! Dylan was completely defenseless against him!
“Where did that bastard Dustin hire such an expert?” Trent frowned; his expression darkened with each passing moment.
He thought he could get the recipe for Immortunol while he forced Hector off his position as head of the family.
Who would have thought such an expert would appear and ruin all his plans?
“Dylan! Are you alright?” Jacob’s face fell as he rushed to help Dylan up.
“Dad! The old geezer’s something else! He isn’t an ordinary grandmaster!”
Dylan clenched his jaws as he looked dreadful. He knew their powers were on different levels. He was no match for his opponent.
“I can tell. Dustin’s probably spent a lot to hire such an expert.” Jacob nodded.
Someone was always better out there, and they had underestimated their opponent. None of
them had expected such an outcome.
“Is there anyone else who wishes to challenge me?” Cornelius scanned the crowd.
The Harmons looked at each other awkwardly and remained silent. Who would dare to step out when even Dylan had been defeated?
“Well, if no one has anything to say, we’ll leave now.”
Dustin took Natasha’s hand and walked out boldly. Ruth followed after them and helped Hector along.
Now that both parties were at opposite ends, things would only get ugly if they stayed any longer.
“We’re not done yet, Dustin! Mark my words; I’ll make you regret your actions!” Kate could not hold it in when she saw them about to leave.
She was just one step away from success, but Dustin ruined everything! She was livid!
“Is that so?” Dustin stopped in his tracks and turned around.
“We don’t know yet who will regret their actions! Forcing Mr. Harmon away from his position. as head of the family will be the greatest mistake of your life.
“You bastards will ruin the entire Harmon family!”
“Nonsense! The Harmon family will reach greater heights without Hector!” Kate shouted.
“How ignorant.” Dustin chuckled.
“Do you think you’ll succeed once you marry into the Grant family? You lot are nothing more than tools in Tyler’s eyes! It’ll be game over for you once he no longer has use of you!”
“Hah! I say you’re just jealous!” Kate looked at him disdainfully.
“Once I marry Tyler and become his wife, I’ll make all of you bow before me!”
“We’ll wait and see then.”
Dustin couldn’t be bothered to waste any more time on her. Taking Natasha’s hand in his, they left without another word.
As they left, those who stayed back heard him say, “They’re playing with fire and digging their graves. Poor things. They don’t even know that death’s already knocking on their doors.”
###Chapter 884 by Marina Vittori
Late that night in Zephyr Lodge, Dustin told Hector. “Mr. Harmon, your wounds have been treated. You’ll be fine after a few days of rest.”
After dressing up the wounds, Dustin gave Hector a Haemoplenish to boost his health. Fortunately, the three stabs hadn’t hit any vital organs. Otherwise, it would have been a pain to treat.
“I appreciate your help tonight, Dustin. Thank you.” Hector smiled at him, looking pleased with Dustin. Somehow, he had already taken Dustin as the best candidate for his son–in–law. “You’re welcome. It’s not a big deal at all.”
Dustin smiled as he asked, “Mr. Harmon, I’m just curious. You certainly can take charge of the situation and put them in their place. Why did you have to stab yourself three times?”
Hector was still in command of the shadow guards. Nobody would have been able to retaliate if he had taken more drastic means to control the situation.
Then, he wouldn’t have to end up the way he did now–powerless and poor.
“It’s clear that things played out the way they did today because someone had been interfering from the sidelines.
“I’m afraid none of them would be happy if I wielded my power over them. It might even cause the entire family to fall apart.”
Hector sighed before he continued, “The Harmon family has had it tough in recent years. We haven’t progressed much and barely survived the mess with the Dark Lord.
“The family is in such a depressing situation. We’re all waiting for the right opportunity to
start over.
“We cannot afford to put any more strain on it. I don’t mind suffering a little if the family remains peaceful and stable.”
“Your attitude is truly inspiring, Mr. Harmon. Unfortunately, your sacrifice for the family might be in vain.” Dustin shook his head.
“Exactly, Dad. You shouldn’t have backed down this time,” Natasha said seriously.
“Uncle Trent has changed. He used to be snobbish but would never stoop so low as to scheme against his family.
“But look at him now. He’s using every possible means to claim the position as head of the family!”
“Your Uncle Trent isn’t a bad person. This is probably just a rash decision of his.” Hector looked confused and unsure.
What happened earlier today was weird. It was as though they weren’t brothers but strangers instead.
“Honestly speaking, it isn’t Trent I’m worried about. It’s Kate.”
Dustin poured them each a cup of tea. Then, he continued, “She’s an ambitious woman who will do anything to achieve her goals.
“She would even go so far as to harm her family members for her gains and glory. She’s going to be a difficult one to handle.”
“So what you’re saying is that Kate was the one who stirred up what happened today?” Natasha frowned.
“No. To be precise, Kate and Tyler are working together. They are the cause of what happened, “Dustin said meaningfully.
“Mr. Harmon, have you ever thought why Tyler wishes to have a marriage alliance with the Harmon family? And why would he settle with Kate after Natasha rejected him?”
“Why?” Hector wondered.
He had thought that Tyler liked his daughter. He thought the Grants‘ standing in the business sector would improve with the marriage.
But now that he thought about it, that didn’t seem to be the case.
“If I’m not mistaken, there’s something else that Tyler is after. You Harmons have something important.
“Something that he can only plot to get his hands on in secret, but can’t forcefully take it from you openly,” Dustin reminded.
“Something important, but must be kept secret.” Hector’s eyes widened after thinking for a while.
“Could it be… the treasure map?”
“That should be it!” Natasha nodded.
“Only the head of the family knows where the treasure map is. That’s why Kate is going through so much trouble to get Uncle Trent to replace you!
“She’s helping Tyler find out where the map is! That traitor! How could she betray the family and help an outsider?”
It was one thing if it was an Internal family strife. But what Kate had done was much worse.
She chose to help an outsider and willingly gave up the family’s most valuable treasure. It was despicable!
“If this is really because of the map, things will only get even more complicated.” Hector frowned, falling deep in his thoughts.
The treasure that the Harmon ancestors had buried was invaluable.
With Tyler’s wild ambition, he might use it to make himself a ruler if he were to get his hands on it. The consequences would be unthinkable if that were to happen.
“So he prompted Kate to divide the Harmon family and wait to reap the benefits. How cunning of him!”
Dustin squinted. He had to admit that Tyler had the brains, brawns, and, most importantly, scheming wit.
He had planned to get Trent to replace Hector as the head of the family after his plan for a marriage alliance with Natasha didn’t work out.
Then, he would use Trent to get his hands on the map. Every step of his was a calculated move.
The most crucial point was that he had remained hidden behind the scenes. Nobody knew that he was the mastermind behind everything. That was the most alarming thing.
“Dad, we can’t let them have the map. The Harmon family is in a mess right now.
“They don’t seem to know right from wrong anymore. To be safe, I plan to start anew,” Natasha said with determination.
“There’s nothing wrong with taking precautions, but do you know how hard it will be to start anew?” Hector asked seriously.
###Chapter 885 by Marina Vittori
The Harmons have strived for over a hundred years to get where they are now. If Natasha were to start over, it would be tough on her.
“Don’t worry, Dad. I have confidence in succeeding when it comes to business.” Natasha was sure of herself. “What are your plans?” Hector asked.
“I don’t see much potential in Millsburg. I plan to go to Oakvale. I’ll make it big there with Immortunol,” Natasha declared in high spirits.
“Oakvale?” Hector’s brows pinched together. “But you don’t have any connections in Oakvale. I’m afraid things will be hard for you there.”
“Dad, have you forgotten that Grandfather works in Oakvale? Nobody will dare mess with me with him there!” Natasha chuckled.
“Seems like you’ve already thought things through.” Hector nodded with relief.
“If that’s the case, I wish you all the best.‘
With Natasha’s abilities and full support from Mr. Ballard Senior, it would be easier for her to set up a new company in Oakvale and succeed.
The Harmon family’s future would all depend on her now.
At Stoneray Valley, the Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples waited anxiously outside a ward.
Since Edith went unconscious, they had rushed to Stoneray Valley overnight for help.
Unfortunately for them, Linden was out. As he wasn’t in Stoneray Valley and unable to help them, they could only turn to the elders of Stoneray Order for help.
The door suddenly creaked open.
An elderly man with a white beard walked out covered in sweat, and behind him was a disciple of the Stoneray Order.
“How are things, Elder Ferngray? Is Madam Edith alright?” Brittany stepped forward and asked.
“I’m sorry, but Madam Parker has gone to extremes in training. Her circulatory pathways have been broken, and she has suffered severe internal injuries. I’m afraid there’s nothing much we can do.”
Elder Ferngray shook his head. “From the look of things, Madam Parker might not survive
past the three–day mark. You should all be prepared for the worst.
“What?” The crowd paled.
Edith was head of the sisterhood and halfway to becoming a grandmaster. How could she die from going to extremes in training?
“Elder Ferngray, you’re an elder in the Stoneray Order. How can you not be able to help her?” Brittany refused to accept reality.
“It is a big mistake for martial artists to go to extremes. The stronger they are, the worse the consequences.
“There are only two ways of treating Madam Parker’s internal injuries. First, you have to get help from a miracle doctor. Then, she might survive with the help of medications made from precious herbs.
“Or, you can seek help from a powerful grandmaster. He must use all of his cultivation to rebuild Madam Edith’s circulatory pathway.
“But both options are too hard to achieve now.” Elder Ferngray sighed.
It was difficult to find a miracle doctor. A grandmaster would be even harder to get.
Their last hope was Linden. But now that he wasn’t in Stoneray Valley, they could do nothing.
“How can that be? Is there no hope for Madam Edith anymore?” Brittany paled and looked dejected.
She hadn’t mastered the Jade Maiden Scripture yet. How was she to inherit Madam Edith’s position as leader of the sisterhood?
“Everyone, I know a genius miracle doctor. If he’s willing to help you, Madam Edith might just have a chance of surviving.” The disciple of the Stoneray Order spoke up.
“A genius miracle doctor? Who’s that?” Brittany’s eyes lit up.
The other Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples also shared expectant looks among themselves. “He’s the honorary elder of the Stoneray Order–Dustin Rhys!”
###Chapter 886 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin Rhys?” All the disciples of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood were stunned. None of them had expected the genius miracle doctor mentioned to be Dustin.
And the most important thing was that they had just had a conflict with him not too long ago. It would be awkward to go to him for help now.
“That Dustin guy, are his medical skills really amazing?” Letitia asked with her brows furrowed. He was barely over the age of 20. It was shocking to hear that he was an elder in the Stoneray Order.
“Of course he’s amazing!” the disciple of the Stoneray Order nodded.
“Dr. Watkins personally appointed Elder Rhys! He’s also the youngest elder in the Stoneray Order. His medical skills are only second to that of Dr. Watkins‘!”
The scene where Dustin had cured a paralyzed patient with just a single needle was still vivid in his brain. He was still impressed to this day.
“Elder Rhys might be young, but there’s no doubt in his medical skills. He might be able to treat Madam Parker.” Elder Ferngray nodded.
“Does this mean… we’ll have to lower ourselves and ask him for help?” Letitia’s face fell.
Before they left, she had proudly declared that even if Edith were to die, they would never go to him for help. But it looked like they had no other choice now.
“Madam Letitia, don’t you worry. Leave this to me.” Brittany held her head high.
“Dustin is in love with me. All I need to do is seduce him a little, and I’m sure he will come running to treat Madam Edith.”
“Very well, show us what you’re capable of.” Letitia nodded, pleased.
Every one of the disciples of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood was beautiful. And they had their way with men.
After all, it was only right for women to use their advantages.
Early the next morning, the disciples of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood went to Zephyr Lodge. They carried Edith there with them.
They marched in through the door proudly, their heads held high. People who didn’t know any better might think that they were there to claim back what was theirs.
“Hey! Where’s Dustin? Get him out here immediately!” Brittany, who led the group, ordered.
“What’s the commotion about?” Dustin, Cornelius, and several others came out of the
conference room.
“Hey! I heard that you’re an elder in the Stoneray Order. They claim that you have impressive medical skills. Is that true?” Brittany lifted her chin arrogantly.
“It is. What about it?” Dustin asked calmly.
“Good!” Brittany nodded, clearly pleased. Then, she instructed the Jade Maiden Sisterhood. disciples to bring Edith forward.
“Madam Edith has gone to extremes in training, so she’s severely hurt. Since you’re medically skilled, treat her immediately!” she ordered.
“Hang on…” Dustin raised a hand to stop her. “Why should I save her? Are we close?”
“Hah! Stop the act! I know that you like me. If you agree to save Madam Edith, I’ll do you a favor and have a meal with you.” Brittany lifted her chin and looked at Dustin contemptuously.
“Have a meal with me?” Dustin couldn’t hold back a scoff.
“I’m sorry. Not interested.”
“Hey! You better get things straight! Not everyone has the right to have a meal with me! I’m offering you the chance of a lifetime now! You better take it while the offer stands!” Brittany was still as arrogant as ever.
“You’re better off leaving the chance to someone else. I don’t need it. If there’s nothing else, please show yourself out.”
Dustin flat–out rejected her.
###Chapter 887 by Marina Vittori
“Playing hard to get, are we?” Brittany looked at Dustin as though she had seen through him. “Alright, if a meal isn’t enough, I’ll agree to a date too. I’ll even let you hold my hand. Are you happy now?”
From her point of view, she had made a huge sacrifice. After all, all those men who fawned over her didn’t even have the chance to get close to her.
“Honestly, I’m really curious why you’re so confident.” Dustin was speechless.He had clearly rejected her. But Brittany was so full of herself and thought the world of herself.
She seemed to believe that she was a goddess and that every man would fall at her feet. “Why?” Brittany flipped her hair over her shoulder.
“Because of my beauty, charm, perfect figure, and noble status, of course! I excel in every aspect possible!”
“Amazing!” Dustin gave her a thumbs up.
“Since you excel in every aspect possible, why don’t you cure Madam Edith’s internal injury? I won’t be needed then.” Dustin turned and left.
“Stop right there!” Brittany ran up to him and blocked his way.
“Why would I come here for you if I could treat her? Quit wasting time! You better treat her right now. If her condition worsens because of your delay, I’ll be furious!” she shouted.
“Is that so? I’d like to see you get furious.” A small smile crept up on Dustin’s face.
He looked like he was waiting for a drama to unfold.
“You-” Brittany gritted her teeth. She looked like she was on the verge of exploding in anger.
In the past, every man who saw her would be captivated and spellbound by her, especially when she took the initiative to reach out to them. Nobody had been able to resist her charms.
But Dustin could! He clearly was experienced in romantic affairs. The offer of a date and the chance to hold her hand didn’t tempt him.
Brittany assumed that he must be lusting after her body then.
“How despicable!” she thought.
For her, saving Edith was important. But she could not accept to be tainted by such a despicable man!
She was a clean and noble lady!
“No way! Even Brittany can’t handle this man?”
“He’s capable of resisting Brittany’s seduction. He’s something else!”
“Could it be possible that … he doesn’t fancy Brittany?”
“That’s not possible! Brittany is a charmer unlike any other. Every man’s eyes light up when they see her. This bastard is just good at pretending!”
The disciples of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood whispered among themselves.
Their beauty had always been their greatest advantage, and it worked every time. They could
just whine and look pitiful, and countless men would give their lives for them.
Unexpectedly, their best move failed today. It was hard for them to accept it.
“Brittany…” Letitia communicated with her in secret.
“Keeping Edith alive is of utmost importance.
“Sacrifice a little and coax this man. Once Edith is cured, you can teach him a lesson.”
“Got it.” Brittany nodded lightly and turned to Dustin.
She looked at him arrogantly. “Seems like regular conditions aren’t able to satisfy you. Fine. I’ll give you a nice surprise then.”
“Oh? What kind of a surprise?” Dustin raised a brow.
“Come closer. I’ve got something to tell you.” Brittany waved him over.
Dustin approached her and bent down to hear what she had to say.
Suddenly, Brittany stood on tip toes and kissed his cheek.
“How’s that? Will that do?” She shot him a condescending look with her arms folded.
“Damn you!” After collecting himself, Dustin raised his hand and smacked Brittany across the face.
That immediately sent her flying several feet away.
Then, he raised a hand to wipe his face in disgust. He looked like he had just experienced something disgusting.
###Chapter 888 by Marina Vittori
With a crisp, loud smack, Brittany was sent flying. She spun in the air before crashing heavily to the ground. When she opened her mouth, two of her teeth fell out. Her nose was bleeding, too.
For a split second, a deathly silence came over the place. All the Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples gaped in horror. They looked like they’d just seen a ghost.
Never in their dreams had they expected a man to hit Brittany so hard that she was sent flying, and not after she had kissed him!
That was Brittany-the most seductive and alluring charmer among them all! She was a great beauty; countless talented young men fought for her attention. Even men from elite and prominent backgrounds admired her!
She was used to men fawning and bending backward for her. None of them ever showed their temper or said anything mean to her.
Dustin was unhappy after getting a kiss from Brittany, and he even slapped her!
How dare he do something like that? Was he out of his mind?
“You-you hit me?” Brittany scrambled to get back on her feet.
Her head was still spinning. Disbelief was written all over her swollen and flushed face.
She was Brittany Cloude-the lead disciple of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood. She was a goddess! How could a man have hit her?
Had it not been for the stinging pain on her cheek, she would have thought this was all just a nightmare!
“So what if I hit you? You disgust me!” Dustin wiped his face over and over again. He looked extremely displeased.
“Damn it! Her breath stinks!” he thought to himself.
“I disgust you?” Brittany’s face contorted with anger.
She was a goddess admired by all! When had she ever been embarrassed by a man? He was too
much!
“Ahh! I’ll kill you!” Brittany yelled in frustration. Pulling out her sword, she was ready to charge at Dustin.
But Letitia held her back. “Don’t act rashly! Set your priorities straight!”
“The bastard humiliated me. I swear I won’t let him off!” Brittany spat through clenched jaws.
“Edith is in danger. You can’t act recklessly. Besides, he has an expert guarding him. You can’t hurt him!” Letitia warned.
Brittany huffed angrily, her eyes bloodshot. She looked like she could tear him up into pieces. It was one thing to be slapped. But he even called her disgusting! That was utter humiliation! But as Edith’s life was on the line, she had no choice but to swallow her anger.
According to her understanding, men who weren’t interested in her had erectile dysfunction. “Brittany!” Nikki appeared just as things were about to get ugly.
She became worried when her gaze fell on Edith, unconscious on the stretcher.
“You’ve come at the right time, Nikki.”
A thought struck Letitia, and she quickly pulled Nikki aside. “Edith has suffered from severe internal injuries. We need Dustin’s help.
“Since you’re on good terms with him, you should persuade him to help her.”
“Dustin?” Nikki was surprised. She turned to look at him. “Can you save Madam Edith?”
She thought he had just been trying to comfort her last night. She hadn’t expected those from the Jade Maiden Sisterhood to come to him for help.
###Chapter 889 by Marina Vittori
“Saving her is easy. But who is she to me? Why should I save her?” Dustin asked.
“Young man, if you save Edith, we will forget about all past grudges!” Letitia coaxed. Besides, I will let you choose one of our disciples as your wife if you wish.”
“I have no interest in any of you from the Jade Maiden Sisterhood. If you want me to save Madam Parker, I have three conditions,” Dustin said.
“What are your conditions?” Letitia squinted at him.
“First, I shall be paid 50 billion.” Dustin raised a finger.
“Fifty billion? That’s outrageous!” Brittany was angered. “Then I guess we do not have a deal.” Dustin left them no room to negotiate.
“Alright, alright. Fifty billion it is!” Letitia nodded.
Money was not important. As long as Madam Edith was alive, they could always make more.
The Jade Maiden Sisterhood lacked no rich men fawning over them.
“Second, Nikki Horst returns to the Jade Maiden Sisterhood.” Dustin raised another finger.
“That wouldn’t be a problem.” Letitia agreed readily. That wasn’t a big deal for her.
“Third, get rid of this wench from the sisterhood, and never take her in again!” Dustin pointed at Brittany.
“What?”
The crowd was in an uproar at Dustin’s words. None of them had expected such a condition from him.
Brittany was the lead disciple of the sisterhood. She was meant to be Madam Edith’s successor!
If she was driven out, who would be the one to take her place?
“You … you … you’ve gone overboard!”
After she got over the initial shock, Brittany fumed. “You horrid man! How dare you drive a wedge between us? I’ll slice you up!”
Dustin didn’t respond to her. His gaze was fixed on Letitia. “These are my conditions. If you agree to all three, I’ll help Madam Parker.”
There were two reasons why he requested for Brittany to be kicked out. First, because he hated her, and second, in consideration of Nikki.
With Brittany still in the sisterhood, Nikki would have a tough time ahead.
“I can agree to the first two conditions, young man. But your third request is a little too much. “Letitia frowned.
Brittany was Edith’s favorite disciple. How could they just kick Brittany out like that?
“If that’s asking for too much, why don’t you go back and consider a bit more? Come back
again when you’ve decided. Of course, we never know how much longer Madam Parker can live.
11
With that said, Dustin turned around and walked back in.
“Just a second!” Letitia’s expression changed.
“I agree! I agree to your conditions!” she shouted.
“Have you gone mad, Madam Letitia?”
Brittany leaped up when she heard what Letitia said. “The bastard wants you to drive me out of the sisterhood, and you’re going to do as he says?”
“Edith’s life is at stake. As her lead disciple, should you not be a good example to the rest? This is a test of your loyalty!” Letitia said.
“But-”
“No buts!”
Brittany wanted to say more but was cut off by Letitia.
“I will do anything to keep Edith alive! Even if the price I have to pay is to break my limbs, I will do it! Having you kicked out is the least of my concerns!”
Brittany paled. She looked like she had just been struck by lightning.
She honestly never thought that this was what things would come to. How could she, the favorite disciple, become the sacrificial lamb?
“Dustin, this isn’t too nice, is it?” Nikki’s brows furrowed slightly. She couldn’t bear to see Brittany being kicked out.
“What’s not nice about it? I’m doing this for you.
“You should know she didn’t bat an eyelash when she accused and whipped you last night. Are you going to stand up for her?” Dustin asked coldly.
“-“Nidd was left speechless.
Dustin turned to look at her and said, “An advice to you: Never play the saint. Nothing good will ever come of it.”
###Chapter 890 by Marina Vittori
“What are you doing still standing there? Get lost!” Letitia shouted at her impatiently. Brittany seemed to wake up from a trance. She glared at Dustin as she pointed a finger at him.” You… you wretched bastards! Curse you!”
“Throw her out!” Letitia didn’t want to deal with her anymore. The Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples dragged Brittany away on Letitia’s orders. If she stayed longer, she might anger Dustin with her nasty words.
That would be terrible for them. “I’ve driven her out of the sisterhood now, young man. Will you save Edith now?” Letitia asked after getting rid of Brittany.
“Pay up first,” Dustin reminded. “Sure.” Letitia dared not wait any longer. She immediately transferred all the money she had to Dustin.
Once the transaction was completed, Dustin nodded reluctantly. Under his orders, his men brought the unconscious Edith into the infirmary.
After renovating Zephyr Lodge, it now had all sorts of facilities. From infirmaries to sparring halls and libraries, they had it all.
To not be disrupted, Dustin only brought Nikki into the infirmary. The rest of the disciples. were locked out.
Time passed in the blink of an eye. Very soon, it was already noon.
Letitia and the rest of the disciples waited outside the infirmary anxiously. Some of them paced around, looking tense.
“They’ve already been in there for so long. Why aren’t we hearing anything from them yet? Could anything have happened to Madam Edith?”
“Hey! Watch your mouth! Madam Edith will pull through! She’s going to be alright!”
“I’m just worried. Can that rascal treat Madam Edith’s injuries? What if he’s just a scammer? We’ll suffer a great loss then!”
Every one of them fell silent.
Soon, the infirmary door opened. Dustin walked out slowly, wiping his hands.
“How did it go? Is Edith fine now?” Letitia asked worriedly.
1/2
The rest of them waited for an answer with bated breaths.
“She’s awake now. She should be fine after a few days‘ rest,” Dustin told them.
“That’s great!‘
They all shared looks of delight and rushed in to check on Edith. As expected, they found her awake. Though a little pale, she appeared to be fine.
“Madam Edith!”
They all called out to her and pushed at each other to glimpse Edith. They began to ask her how she was feeling and if she was fine, being thoughtful and caring for her.
“Thank you, Dustin.” Nikki looked at him with appreciation as she walked out of the infirmary. She had seen the entire process of how he had treated Edith, and it was amazing.
His
acupuncture skills were exceptional. Though Nikki knew little about it, she could tell he was skilled.
Who would have known that Dustin would have such brilliant medical skills at such a young age? She had truly underestimated him.
“You’re welcome. Take good care of Madam Parker. I hope she remembers the kindness you’ve shown her.” Dustin flashed her a gentle smile before turning to leave.
He had spent a lot of true energy treating Edith. That caused the Septemortis within him to work up even faster, so he had to return to his room to rest.
That afternoon, as Dustin was meditating, his phone suddenly rang. It was Florence.
The moment he answered the call, a loud voice began shouting at him through the phone. Rhys! You beast! What on earth have you done? Dahlia attempted suicide because of you!” “What? Suicide?”
###Chapter 891 by Marina Vittori
Dustin jumped to his feet when he heard what Florence said. “How did that happen?” “You beast! How dare you ask me how that happened? It’s all because of you, of course!” Florence shouted.
“After she met you the other night, Dahlia seemed to have lost her soul! She refused to eat or drink, and she cried endless nights! Then, this morning, she attempted suicide by jumping off the building!”
Dustin felt like he’d been struck by lightning. His mind went completely blank. Never in his wildest dreams had he ever thought that Dahlia would act so rashly!
How could she attempt suicide by jumping off a building without saying anything to anyone at all? Had she lost her mind?
“She… How is she now?” There was a tremble in Dustin’s voice. “She’s still in a critical condition and doing horribly! Her life is in danger!
“And this is all because of you! You beast! You’re the reason Dahlia threw herself off the building!
“I’m warning you, Rhys! If anything happens to Dahlia, I’ll make you pay with your life!”
Florence swiftly ended the call after spewing threats at him.
Dustin sat there idly with his phone in his hand. When he finally snapped out of it, he dashed out the door instantly.
He got into his car and sped to the hospital within 30 minutes. He quickly found Dahlia’s ward after asking around for a bit.
When he entered the room, he saw Dahlia lying unconscious on the bed. She was wrapped up in bandages and was unusually pale. She looked very weak.
Florence and several others stood by her bedside, looking helpless.
“How dare you show your face here, Rhys!” At the sight of Dustin, Florence’s anger flared again.
“Look at her! Look what a state you’ve gotten Dahlia into! You heartless bastard! How did she fall for a scumbag like you?”
After screaming at him, she began punching and kicking at him to let out her anger.
“Dustin Rhys! I’ve always thought that you were an honest man. Who would have thought that you were such a jerk?” Julie began berating him, too.
1/2
“Dahlia didn’t hold onto your past mistakes and went out of her way to defend you. But you had the heart to hurt her so much that you drove her to despair.
“You even hurt her to the point that she would attempt suicide! You truly are a scumbag!”
Dustin couldn’t be bothered to waste words on them. Pushing both of them aside, he quickly checked Dahlia’s pulse. His expression darkened.
Dahlia’s pulse was weak, and her breathing was so faint it felt like it could disappear at any
moment.
“Get the hell out of here, Rhys! Get your filthy hands off my daughter!” Florence roared, trying to push Dustin away.
But Dustin glared at her and said, “If you do not wish for anything bad on Dahlia, you better shut the hell up.”
“You-!” Seeing Dustin’s change in attitude, they were all shocked. None of them dared to approach him.
After he shouted at them, Dustin took out several silver needles and began treating Dahlia.
Her vital energy was weak, so he needed to use his true energy to supply and extend her life. Though it would cause side effects on him, it was the simplest and most effective method.
Dustin was soaked in sweat an hour later as he pulled out the silver needles. Black blood trickled out from his nose.
Treating Edith earlier had already consumed much of his true energy. Now that he had given. his all to save Dahlia, he had drained all his true energy.
Hence, the toxin from Septemortis began acting up again. Fortunately, he was strong enough. to endure it for now.
“If anything happens to my daughter, Rhys, I’ll make sure you pay for it!” Florence shouted- her glare was like a feral beast.
Just as she finished her words, Dahlia’s eyelids twitched. Seconds later, her eyes slowly opened.
“Dahlia’s awake! She’s woken up!” Julie was delighted.
“How are you feeling, Dahlia? Are you feeling uncomfortable anywhere?” Dustin bent down. closer to her and asked gently.
Dahlia groaned with her brows furrowed. Her gaze was a little unfocused before it quickly turned wary.
She looked at Dustin cautiously. “Who are you? Do I know you?”
###Chapter 892 by Marina Vittori
“Who are you? Do I know you?” Her words shocked Dustin. Florence and the rest of them exchanged bewildered looks. “You… you don’t recognize me?” Dustin was stunned.
“Should I know you?” Dahlia looked at him coldly. It was like she was looking at a stranger. She looked at him warily as if she wanted Dustin to stay away from her.
“Is something wrong? Let me have a look.” Dustin went forward to check on her pulse. But the moment he touched her, she recoiled instantly, as if his touch burned her.
“What are you doing?” Dahlia looked at him frostily, caution in her eyes. Dustin wasn’t used to how she was treating him like a total stranger. Could she be suffering from… amnesia?
“Dahlia, what’s wrong? Don’t scare me!” Florence was flustered. Looking close to tears, she approached Dahlia and asked, “You can’t have forgotten everything, can you? Don’t you remember me?”
“Mom, what are you saying? Of course, I remember you!” Dahlia looked at her, confused.
“You do? Oh, that’s great! That’s great! It seems like you haven’t lost your memories.”
Florence was overjoyed. “I was worried that you’d forget everything after suffering an impact. to the head. That always happens in movies!”
“Dahlia, do you recognize me, then?” Julie asked tentatively.
“Of course I do.” Dahlia nodded.
“And me?” Victoria asked, too.
“Aunt Victoria, what’s up with all of you? You’re all behaving weirdly.” Dahlia looked at them.
curiously.
“Alright, alright. It’s good that you still remember us. Seems like you’re fine now.”
The three of them heaved a sigh of relief. It seemed like Dahlia wasn’t suffering from anything major.
“You remember all of them but not me?” Dustin’s brows furrowed.
Something seemed off. Dahlia didn’t appear to have hurt her head.
“Are you mistaken? I don’t know you.” Dahlia turned to look at Dustin. She looked at him coldly, like she was wary of him.
Dustin’s face fell. For a moment, he was speechless.”
It was obvious that Dahlia had suffered partial memory loss.
But it didn’t look like she had hurt herself. It looked more like she had closed off her memories of Dustin.
In a way, that was one of the body’s defense mechanisms. When a person has experienced something too unbearable, the body would choose to forget about it.
That was a body’s instinct and a way of coping. There was no treatment for that. Whether or not the patient regains their memory depends on themselves.
“Mom, who’s this? Should I know him?” Dahlia looked at Florence.
“N–no.” An idea struck Florence, and she quickly shook her head.
“He’s an insurance agent. He barged in and insisted on promoting his insurance package. I can’t seem to drive him away. How annoying!”
Then, she shooed Dustin out. “Hey! Why are you still standing here? Go on, get out. Don’t be a nuisance here, or I’ll call the cops!”
She eagerly wished for Dahlia to forget about Dustin so she could start afresh. With her daughter’s looks and assets, it wouldn’t be a stretch for her to marry into royalty.
“You don’t remember me. I guess… it’s a good thing, too.” Dustin forced a smile. He was unsure how to feel about this turn of events.
He and Dahlia had agreed to part on good terms. He had only rushed to the hospital because he had heard she was in a life–threatening condition.
Now that he saw that she was fine, he was at ease.
As for her selective amnesia, he thought it was quite a good thing for both of them. They no longer had to suffer and could live peacefully.
###Chapter 893 by Marina Vittori
“Take care, and don’t do anything reckless anymore. We’ll meet again in the future.” Dustin turned to leave after saying farewell. It seemed like things were fated to end between them. “Mom, that man was weird. Have I met him before?” Dahlia frowned as she watched Dustin leave. Somehow, he made her feel nostalgic. But she couldn’t recall who he was.
“No, of course, you haven’t met him before. He’s just an insurance agent. Why would you be concerned about him? “Here, lie down and have a good rest.” Florence was overjoyed.
“That’s right, Dahlia. You’ve just had a traffic accident and barely survived. Don’t overthink things, Julie chimed in.”
To them, Dahlia forgetting about Dustin was a good thing. “Okay.” Dahlia nodded. Though things seemed weird to her, she didn’t give them further thought. Dustin’s emotions were a mess on his way back.
The current outcome was a relatively good ending for both of them. But somehow, Dustin couldn’t find it within him to feel happy.
Maybe he still had some lingering feelings for Dahlia. But he was sure that it would fade away with time.
That evening, when Dustin arrived at Zephyr Lodge, a flustered Cornelius met him at the door.
“Sir Rhys! You’ve come back at the right time! Those Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples are giving us trouble again!”
Cornelius quickly rushed up to Dustin.
“What’s wrong?” Dustin asked.
“Some of our men had a conflict with them, and they broke all our men’s legs! Those women are going out of hand!” Cornelius was furious.
“How dare they go around beating people up on my territory? Let’s go. I’d like to see the situation.”
Dustin frowned and headed straight for the infirmary. Cornelius followed right behind him.
After treating Edith, Dustin thought he would let her rest there for two more days. But now, barely half a day had passed, and they were already causing trouble.
Those women were a troublesome lot!
Outside the infirmary, several disciples of the Kirin Gang lay on the ground, wailing in pain. All of them had their legs broken.
The Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples stood around them arrogantly, looking down on them.
1/2
“Hmph! How dare you provoke us when that’s all you got? You truly overestimate yourselves!
“Ladies! Throw them out!”
Then, the Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples dragged those from the Kirin Gang by their broken legs. The screams and wails instantly got louder.
“Stop!‘ Dustin strode in and looked at them coldly.
“How dare you lot behave so unruly here!”
The Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples backed off when they saw Cornelius behind Dustin. They feared him
“Sir Rhys! You’ve finally come!”
“These women are so arrogant! They just beat us up because things didn’t go their way. They’re too much!”
The disciples of the Kirin Gang, who had their legs broken, immediately complained.
“What exactly happened?” Dustin demanded icily.
“A woman tried to force her way into the lodge, so we tried to stop her. But she was so unreasonable and broke our legs without any warning. She even humiliated us!” One of the disciples of the Kirin Gang huffed.
“Who was it? Who dares harm my men?” Dustin’s sharp gaze swept around the room.
“It was me!”
A pretty lady made her way out from the crowd. She had her head held high, and her eyes were arrogant. She looked like she thought she was better than everyone else.
It was Brittany who had been driven out of the sisterhood!
###Chapter 894 by Marina Vittori
Dustin frowned when he saw Brittany. “Why are you here? Haven’t you been kicked out of the sisterhood?”
“If Nikki can be reaccepted, then so can I! How’s that? Do you like the surprise?” Brittany taunted as she crossed her arms. Dustin could plan all he wanted but could not go against Edith’s word.
“I need a reasonable explanation.” Dustin looked at Letitia. “Young man, I must admit that you have cured Edith of her injuries. But we’ve paid you 50 billion as compensation.
“I think that’s more than enough. You should be appreciative,” Letitia said calmly. She looked poised and showed no signs of remorse
“Money is one thing, but this is an entirely different matter. Since you promised me, then you should have kept it.
“The Jade Maiden Sisterhood is a decent guild. Are you going back on your word?” Dustin asked frostily.
“So what if we go back on our word? You have no place meddling in affairs of the sisterhood!” Brittany huffed.
“That’s right! We will do as we please. It has nothing to do with you,” the sisterhood disciples clamored.
They appeared so overbearing and had completely no respect for Dustin.
“I never expected the Jade Maiden Sisterhood to be like this. Inconsistent, no credibility, and shameless!” Dustin mocked.
“Young man, you better watch your words!” Letitia was angered.
She felt humiliated to be disgraced in front of so many people.
“Fine. I won’t waste any more words on you. If you choose to be like this, that’s on you. But I demand an apology for beating up my men!” Dustin said impassively.
He had been so kind to save Edith. But in the end, the disciples of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood repaid his kindness by breaking his men’s legs. He would not accept that without a fight.
“An apology? Hah! Who do you think you are? How dare you demand an apology from the Jade Maiden Sisterhood?”
Edith slowly walked out from the infirmary.
She looked better than before. The color had returned to her cheeks, and she looked much more. energetic, Carrying herself like a queen, she looked at Dustin arrogantly.
“Madam Parker, your lead disciple is unbelievably arrogant. Do we not deserve an apology from her for hurting my men?” Dustin squinted his eyes.
1/2
Chapter 894
“Brittany must have her reasons for beating them up,” Edith said, unphased.
“Besides, even if she did not have a legitimate reason, so what?
“Those men are just some low–lives. So what if she beat them up? What’s the big deal?”
“What?” Dustin frowned.
“Madam Parker, aren’t you being unreasonable?”
He thought that Edith would try to smooth things over in a nice manner or apologize.
But not only did she not yield, she even continued her arrogant and self–righteous attitude. She
even went so far as to pin the blame on the victims!
“Unreasonable?” Edith huffed.
“What I say goes! We have been merciful to have just beaten them up. You won’t be able to do
anything if we’d killed them all!”
“That’s right! It’s their honor to have been beaten up by me! Even if I’d killed them, they would have deserved it!” Brittany lifted her chin proudly.
Edith was unreasonable, while Brittany was arrogant. They were made for each other.
“I finally understand why the Jade Maiden disciples are so shameless. They have a rotten leader
who sets a horrible example for them!
“You’re all a bunch of heartless bastards!” Dustin’s gaze became freezingly cold.
“How dare you!”
“Insolent bastard!”
The disciples of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood were livid when they heard Dustin’s words. All of them were filled with righteous indignation as a killing intent fired up within each of them. They had never been so embarrassed like this before! This was the same as disgracing the entire sisterhood!
“You brat! Do you have a death wish?” A murderous glint flashed in Edith’s eyes.
“We don’t know who has a death wish yet. If you annoy me any further, none of you will leave this place in one piece!” Dustin declared coldly.
“You impudent scoundrel! Take him down!” Edith shouted.
###Chapter 895 by Marina Vittori
“Wait!” Nikki came running out and stood between Dustin and Edith. “Can we please sit down and talk things through calmly? There must be a misunderstanding. Please don’t fight.”
“Get lost! This is none of your business!” Edith glared at her fiercely. “Madam Edith, Dustin saved your life today! You can’t repay his kindness with revenge!” Nikki was exasperated.
“Shut up! You’re in no place to speak here!” Edith lost her cool. It was embarrassing for her to be lectured by her disciple. “Madam Parker, I’m giving you a chance for Nikki’s sake.”
Dustin demanded coldly, “If you break Brittany’s leg, we can all pretend that nothing happened today.”
“Utter rubbish! Why should anyone do as you say? Who do you think you are?” Brittany glared at him.
“Have you gone mad, brat? What makes you think that I’ll take orders from you?” Edith looked at him condescendingly.
“Why?” Dustin stepped forward before confidently saying, “Because I have the original copy of the Jade Maiden Scripture! Is that enough?”
“The Jade Maiden Scripture?”
The crowd was in an uproar when they heard that. They all gaped with greed in their eyes.
The Jade Maiden Scripture was the treasure of their guild. Anyone who could master the moves in the Jade Maiden Scripture could advance at an alarming speed.
“Hey, brat! Is that true?” Edith’s eyes widened, both in anticipation and in doubt.
The Jade Maiden Scripture she had previously gotten her hands on wasn’t complete, as only half of it existed. So, she ended up going to extremes when practicing the moves.
She desperately needed the other half of the scripture to complete her training and ultimately reach the level of grandmaster.
“Of course, I mean what I say. If you break her leg, I might consider letting you look at it,” Dustin
said.
“Don’t listen to his nonsense, Madam Edith! He’s trying to trick you!” Brittany panicked.
She was worried that Edith might act on the spur of the moment and break her leg.
“You can say anything you want, brat. But I won’t believe you unless you show me the scripture.”
Edith’s eyes narrowed. “As long as you can prove to me that you have the Jade Maiden Scripture, I will do as you say and break this wench’s leg!”
1/2
“You want proof? That’s simple.” Dustin approached one of the Jade Maiden disciples and took her sword, fastened by her waist.
The sword was unsheathed, and Dustin grabbed at it. Then, he performed a set of sword techniques.
His moves were agile and graceful. The swordplay was fancy but lethal simultaneously.
Those who watched were impressed and shocked by it.
“Do you recognize it yet?”
After demonstrating the swordplay routine, he threw the sword into the air. It landed accurately into its sheath.
“It’s the Jade Maiden sword technique! It really is!”
Edith’s eyes lit up, and her breathing quickened.
The Jade Maiden sword technique was the ultimate move in the scripture. She had had the chance to see her teacher perform it once.
It was profound and unparalleled.
She had never thought that she’d be able to see it again at such a place. It proved that Dustin really had the Jade Maiden Scripture.
“Well, I see that you’ve recognized it. That’s great then,” Dustin said frostily.
“Now, I want you to break her leg personally!”
Brittany paled at his words.
###Chapter 896 by Marina Vittori
For a moment, all eyes were on Brittany. The Jade Maiden Scripture was important to the Jade Maiden Sisterhood. But Dustin had made his condition known.
He demanded that Brittany’s leg be broken. And most importantly, he wanted Edith to do it personally “Dus- Nikki intended to speak for them, but Dustin cut her off by raising a hand.
His gaze was fixed on Edith. “What do you say, Madam Parker?” “Brittany is my lead disciple. I can never hurt her as her mentor,” Edith said righteously.
“So I take it that you have no interest in the Jade Maiden Scripture?” Dustin raised a brow.
“Of course, I’m interested in it. But I do not plan to take orders from you.”
Edith lifted her chin and said, “I will have the scripture and protect my disciple.
“Pass me the Jade Maiden Scripture now. That is an order.
“If you do, I will forgive you for your rudeness earlier. Otherwise, do not be surprised if I attack you!
Dustin was so angered that he failed to hold back a laugh.
She had readily agreed, but she backed out on her word in the blink of an eye. She even dared to boss him around.
That was a straight-up threat! She was shameless and proudly so.
“I must admit, I’ve underestimated how shameless you can be. You’re on an entirely different level of shamelessness.” Dustin chuckled as he shook his head.
He had met his fair share of shameless people but never one as shameless as Edith.
“You insolent bastard! How dare you insult Madam Edith! You’ve got a lot of nerve!”
“How dare you disrespect Madam Edith! You must have a death wish!”
The disciples of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood roared angrily. Some even took out their sword, ready to attack.
“You bastard’ Do you have any idea what you’ve just said?” Edith looked at him with hatred in her
eyes
If it had not been for the Jade Maiden Scripture, she would have already killed him for what he’d just said.
“You were the one whose words cannot be trusted! Why do you care what I say since you’re already shameless?” Dustin mocked.
“You bastard! Do not test my patience! Give me the Jade Maiden Scripture, and I might spare you this once!” Edith gradually lost her cool.
1/2
Dustin declared.
Ight before you!”
He had been too patient with them, resulting in them to cross the line. If that were the case, he would have to resort to using violence.
“You? Do you even have what it takes?” Edith looked at him in disdain.
“That’s right! Who are you to say that? How dare you speak so arrogantly?” Brittany challenged.
With Edith there to back her up, she had nothing to fear.
“Mr. Adler, break both her legs,” Dustin ordered. He couldn’t be bothered to waste any more words on them.
“Yes, sir!” Cornelius laughed sinisterly and leaped forward.
He couldn’t hold back any longer. Those wicked wenches had repaid their kindness with ingratitude.
They created many problems for them. They even threatened Dustin and were ready to take what didn’t belong to them!
He could not put up with them any longer.
“You’re asking for trouble!” Edith’s gaze turned cold when she saw Cornelius about to attack. She dashed forward and aimed to punch him..
For a moment, a fierce wind rose. Sand and dust were flying all over.
“Just the right timing!” Cornelius did not back off and sent a punch aimed straight at Edith.
Both fists collided.
With a loud bang, they were both sent flying in opposite directions.
Cornelius stumbled more than ten steps back. His heart raced, and his arm went numb..
But Edith was sent three steps back. Her face paled.
But in comparison to Cornelius, it seemed like Edith was the stronger one.
“All hail, Madam Edith!”
“You’re amazing, Madam Edith!”
The Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples were overjoyed.
“Hahaha! How dare you challenge Madam Edith, you old thing? You overestimate yourself!” Brittany laughed meanly.
But the moment her voice died down, Edith spat a mouthful of blood and nearly collapsed.
“Madam Edith!”
They were all shocked and quickly dashed forward to support her.
Edith was stronger than Cornelius but had yet to recover from her internal injuries. Now that she had suffered the impact of the punch, her injuries acted up again.
“Stop fighting!”
###Chapter 897 by Marina Vittori
Nikki rushed over to stop Edith. “Madam Edith, you haven’t recovered yet! Please stop!”
“Damn it, brat!” Infuriated, Edith slapped Nikki across the face. “If it weren’t for the incomplete scripture you gave me, I wouldn’t have gone to extremes in training and gotten injured!”
“I-it wasn’t me… Nikki held her cheek and shook her head frantically.“Stop lying’” Edith shouted.
“How did that bastard get his hands on the Jade Maiden Scripture? I’m sure you were the one who stole it and gave it to him. You ungrateful bitch!”
“I didn’t!” Nikki denied anxiously.
“I see what you’re up to, Nikki Horst. You gave Madam Edith the incomplete scripture and gave that bastard the real one. You’re such a bitch!”
“I thought you were a loyal disciple. It turns out you’re just a backstabber who betrayed us!”
“Enough with the acting. You make me sick!”
Instantly, the Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples began cursing at Nikki.
They were sure Nikki must have conspired with Dustin and took the Jade Maiden Scripture for herself. It was a big crime.
“This is a misunderstanding!” Nikki tried to explain herself, but they refused to believe her.
Just like that, she became the prime suspect.
“Mr. Adler, hurry up and break that woman’s legs.”
Dustin pointed at Brittany, looking impassive.
“Yes, sir!” Cornelius jumped forward and swung his leg toward Brittany’s knee.
There was a crisp crack as Brittany’s knee bent backward, her bone fracturing from the impact.
“Aargh!” Brittany wailed as she fell to the ground in pain, sweating uncontrollably.
“Stop! If you hurt her again, I’ll make you pay with your life!” Edith snarled.
“An eye for an eye. She broke my men’s legs, so I should return the favor and break hers,” Dustin replied nonchalantly..
“Mr. Adler, her other leg as well.”
“Sure!” Cornelius sneered and raised his foot.
“I told you to stop!” Edith suddenly drew her sword and pressed the blade against Nikki’s neck.
“I’ll kill her if you do anything!”
Startled, Cornelius immediately stopped his attack.
“Madam Edith?” Nikki was stunned, looking in disbelief.
“Madam Parker, you’d kill your most faithful disciple?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“I’ve already kicked her out! She’s nothing to me now!” Edith retorted, lifting her sword.
The blade broke Nikki’s skin, causing blood to trickle out of the wound
“Why? What did I do wrong. Madam Edith? Why would you do this to me?” Nikki sobbed
She had remained loyal to Jade Maiden Sisterhood this entire time. She never imagined she would end up threatened by Edith
“Shut up Edith shouted
“Who the hell do you think you are? You’re nothing compared to Brittany!”
“So, you’re going to kill me because of Brittany?” Nikki’s voice trembled in shock
“Sacrificing you is nothing if it means saving Brittany. You’re just a pawn to me anyway” Edith snapped.
Nikki’s legs went weak. She collapsed onto the ground with a pale face, utterly disappointed.
She never imagined that Edith would be ruthless enough to sacrifice her Did her loyalty mean nothing to Edith?
###Chapter 898 by Marina Vittori
“I know the two of you are working together. If you don’t want her to be killed, you better release Brittany!” Edith threatened, holding her sword at Nikki’s neck.
She would have never resorted to such tactics if she hadn’t been injured.
“Why? Why?” Nikki mumbled as she sat on the ground, tears dripping down her cheeks.
Dustin frowned and eventually nodded. “Fine, release Nikki, and I’ll let go of your disciple.”
He gestured for Cornelius to step back.
“Take Brittany away first.” Edith signaled.
The Jade Maiden sisterhood disciples hurriedly dragged Brittany away.
Letitia remained by Edith’s side to keep an eye on Cornelius in case he decided to do anything.
“Brat, I demand you to hand me the Jade Maiden Scripture!”
Although Brittany had been released, Edith did not lower her sword. Instead, she began to shout out her requests.
“I’ve already compromised once. You’d better not take things too far.” Dustin’s face hardened.
How dare that witch try to make another unreasonable request!
“The Jade Maiden Scripture belongs to us in the first place. It’s only natural that you return it to its rightful owner!” Edith demanded arrogantly.
“With
your attitude, do you think I’d hand it over?” Dustin retorted.
“Only women have use of the Jade Maiden Scripture. What would you do with it?
“I’ll forgive you for your rude actions toward me if you return it to me!” Edith continued her arrogant attitude.
“All of you are the same.” Dustin shook his head in annoyance.
“Even if it’s useless to me, I’d rather burn it to a crisp than hand it over to you!”
“You!” Edith’s face hardened.
“You better think this through, brat! I’ll kill her if you don’t give me the scripture!”
She pushed the sword harder at Nikki’s neck, causing Nikki’s wound to deepen and bleed more.
“I’ll destroy your entire group if she dies!”
Dustin immediately began releasing a murderous aura.
Knowing Edith’s personality, the more he agreed to compromise, the more unreasonable her requests would be.
“Madam, why don’t we fall back for now? I’m sure we’ll get another chance.” Letitia advised when she realized the situation was worsening.
“You’re still hurt, so you shouldn’t be fighting. There’s a chance we might lose if you fight now.”
Kirin Gang had many skilled disciples and members, especially Cornelius. Both sides would suffer heavily if a fight were to break out.
“What?” Edith frowned. She looked around and saw more Kirin Gang members surrounding them.
She hesitated and decided it was best to retreat since fighting wouldn’t work in her favor today. “I’ll let you off the hook for today! You better hand over the scripture within the next three days or be prepared to face the consequences!” Edith spat before jumping over the wall with Letitia and disappearing.
Instead of going after them, Dustin walked over to Nikki’s side and crouched down. “Are you still going to be loyal to someone like her?”
“I just don’t get it. Why is she acting like this? Am I not good enough?” Nikki knelt on the ground, devastated.
“She’s not acting any differently. It’s you who never saw her for who she was.
Dustin explained before advising, “There’s no need to look up to someone who tramples all over you.
“Your best bet would be to leave Jade Maiden Sisterhood as soon as possible.”
“B-but where would I go?” Nikki cried.
She joined Jade Maiden Sisterhood when she was in her teens. After living with them for eight. years, the Jade Maiden Sisterhood was like a second home to her.
“If you don’t have anywhere else to go, you can join us,” Dustin answered frankly.
“Your brother was the guildmaster of Flame Dragon Guild when he was still alive. You can take over his position.”
“C-can I?” Nikki was doubtful.
“Of course.” Dustin nodded.
“You’re talented and more than capable of leading the guild. I’ll also write the Jade Maiden Scripture as a gift to celebrate your promotion.”
For female martial artists, the Jade Maiden Scripture was a valuable martial arts asset to them..
Mastering the technique in the scripture would make it possible for them to reach the level of grandmaster.
“T-thank you…” Nikki sobbed gratefully.
###Chapter 899 by Marina Vittori
Everyone could tell that Dustin truly cared for Nikki. “You should freshen up. I’ll be holding a banquet for you tonight.
“It’ll be a good opportunity for you to get closer to the gang’s members.” Dustin patted her shoulder and waved two female disciples over to help Nikki to her room.
“Aren’t you being too nice to her, sir?” Cornelius asked.“I owe Nelson my life, so I should help her however I can.” Dustin’s eyes turned sad.
“I just hope she doesn’t disappoint you.” Cornelius was envious.
Dustin didn’t just save Nikki. He helped her escape from that hellhole and would give her the Jade Maiden Scripture.
He was even going as far as to pass her the position of guildmaster!
There was no one as lucky as Nikki. If Cornelius were a woman, he would be throwing himself at Dustin by now.
Night soon fell.
Kirin Gang’s executives sat together in Zephyr Lodge’s ballroom, enjoying their drinks. All five of Kirin Gang’s guildmasters were present.
They were Cornelius from Darklaws, Nikki from Flame Dragon Guild, Alec Blanton of Charging Tiger Guild, Jim Kirk of Stonefur, and Joseph Bates from Slythorn.
All five of them were now Dustin’s most trusted subordinates, and each had their strengths.
Cornelius was known for his fighting skills, Nikki for her abilities and potential, Alec for his brains, Jim for his honorable personality, and Joseph for his versatility.
“Dame Nikki, congratulations on joining Kirin Gang! I would like to offer you a toast.”
“Dame Nikki, I greatly respect your brother and hope Flame Dragon Guild flourishes under your lead!”
“I’m not good with words, Nikki. So, I’ll let my toast do the talking.”
The four guildmasters stood up and offered Nikki a toast.
They knew that Dustin valued Flame Dragon Guild the most out of the five guilds. So, they didn’t dare to protest about Flame Dragon Guild’s guildmaster being a woman.
“Thank you.” Nikki forced a smile and lifted her glass in response.
The room became much more lively after food and drinks were served, and everyone started getting a little tipsy.
After drinking a few glasses, Joseph passed out and fell to the ground.
“Pfft! Oh, Joseph! You always boasted about how good you are at drinking.
“I didn’t expect you to be such a lightweight,” Jim teased before passing out and falling to the floor.
“Jeez, what are you guys doing? Don’t stop now.” Alec reached over and tried to shake them awake but soon fell unconscious.
Soon, most of Kirin Gang’s guildmasters were knocked out.
“What?” Cornelius tried to stop his head from spinning, finally realizing something was wrong.
“Sir, we’ve been drugged!”
“Well, you found out too late!” Someone cackled as the doors were kicked open.
Edith and the Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples barged into the ballroom.
“You?” Cornelius paled.
He tried to stand up to fight but nearly tripped. He could only stand where he was and try to resist the effects of the drug.
“You guys sure are stubborn!” Dustin frowned, pissed.
“I bet you didn’t expect us to return!” Edith walked in confidently.
“Security at Zephyr Lodge is tight. When did you put the drug?” Cornelius growled.
There were no outsiders today, and Kirin Gang members were constantly on the lookout. So, the Jade Maiden Sisterhood shouldn’t have had a chance to drug them.
“Well, I’ll have to thank my darling disciple for that,” Edith smirked and waved Nikki over.
“Well done, Nikki. I’ve decided to take you back in!”
Dustin and his men were shocked.
###Chapter 900 by Marina Vittori
Dustin stared at Nikki in disbelief from across the table. He couldn’t believe that she had been the person who drugged them.
“Why is it you?” Cornelius’ widened eyes were full of dismay, confusion, and anger. He never imagined that the traitor would be Nikki, whom Dustin had treated so well.
“I’m sorry… I’m sorry.” Nikki looked away guiltily and kept her head down.
“Why?” Dustin could only ask. Because of Nelson, Dustin treated Nikki like his sister and tried to do everything in her best. interest. He even reigned in his temper in front of Jade Maiden Sisterhood just to free her, so he never imagined that she would betray him in return.
“Jade Maiden Sisterhood is my home, and they are my family. I-I didn’t have a choice. I’m sorry…” Nikki apologized as she repeatedly shook her head.
She felt guilty toward Dustin but couldn’t go against Edith and the Jade Maiden Sisterhood’s wishes.
“I just don’t get it. Why are you still so determined to stay when they mistreated you? Just, why?” Dustin’s brows were furrowed.
He couldn’t understand why Nikki would throw her pride away and serve people who treated her like trash.
“I…” Nikki didn’t know what to say, so she kept her head down and remained silent.
“What’s the point of talking about that now?” Edith sneered.
“Nikki is my disciple, and she belongs to Jade Maiden Sisterhood. Naturally, she should be helping me.
“You only have yourself to blame for being so naive.”
“That’s right. Serves you right for trusting women so readily!” Edith’s disciples jeered.
“Yeah, you’re right. I was an idiot for believing a person I just met.” Dustin smirked self- mockingly.
Although Nelson had been loyal, it didn’t mean that Nikki would be the same.
Dustin had been too naive and stupid to believe that Nikki would come around if he treated her
well.
The reality turned out to be completely different
Nikki had drugged the Kirin Gang to return to Jade Maiden Sisterhood’s good graces despite
Dustin couldn’t help feeling disappointed at how she repaid him.
“Your fates are in our hands now. You better hand the scripture over if you don’t want to die!” Edith threatened.
“I have it, Madam Edith. Please take a look at it.” Nikki rushed over, took out the scripture, and offered it to Edith.
It was the handwritten present Dustin gave her earlier at the table.
“Really?” Edith took the scripture and began flipping through it before laughing excitedly.
“It is the Jade Maiden Scripture. It even has records of the Drizzle Dance Sword Art. Well done!
Edith beamed and praised Nikki. “You’ve finally done a good job. I’ll be sure to reward you once we’re back!”
“Thank you, Madam Edith!” Nikki immediately perked up, her mood reflecting Edith’s.
“What an idiot!” Cornelius spat.
Was Nikki a moron? She could have kept the scripture to herself and used it to her advantage instead of giving it away.
“I didn’t expect you to treat my disciple so well, brat.” Edith waved the scripture smugly.
“You gave the thing I had been looking for so diligently away as a gift. I’m so touched I could cry.
“Unfortunately for you, it still ended up in my hands.”
“Madam Edith, you’ve finally obtained the scripture. Let’s leave.” Nikki forced a smile.
###Chapter 901 by Marina Vittori
Nikki couldn’t bear to see anger in Dustin and the others’ eyes and wanted to leave.
“There’s no rush. The show’s just begun,” Edith sniggered.
“This bastard insulted us and hurt Brittany. There’s no way I will let him off so easily.”
Dustin knew too many secrets, including the Jade Maiden Scripture. Edith was determined to keep the information inside the scripture to herself. No one else could have it.
So, she must kill Dustin.
“Madam Edith, you promised me you wouldn’t hurt him.” Nikki suddenly felt uneasy.
Although she had betrayed Dustin, she didn’t want to see him hurt either.
“Really? I don’t remember promising that, though.” Edith feigned ignorance.
“Nikki, if blood makes you queasy, you can leave first. I won’t blame you for that.”
“Madam Edith, you wanted the scripture and have it now. Please let him go!” Nikki begged, aware that Edith intended to kill Dustin.
“Nikki, you should know that you’re a Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciple, so you should only be thinking of us.
“I’m happy with your achievements, so I’ll teach you some Jade Maiden sword techniques after I’ve learned them.
“For now, you’ll have to prove your loyalty in front of everyone.” Edith grinned slyly.
“How?” Nikki was taken aback.
“Kill that bastard for me!” Edith pointed at Dustin, looking furious.
“N-no, I can’t!” Nikki took a few steps back in shock.
Dustin saved her life. She couldn’t repay him like that.
“If
you
kill him, I’ll make you my chief senior disciple. How about that?” Edith persuaded.
There was nothing she loved more than seeing lovers hurting each other.
“I don’t want to be the chief senior disciple! I don’t want to kill anyone!” Nikki frantically shook her head.
“Are you defying me?” Edith was pissed.
“Please don’t make me do that, Madam Edith! I just can’t!” Nikki fell to her knees.
“Tch! You useless piece of trash!” Edith’s face hardened.
“What’s so hard about killing a man?”
“I don’t want my reward anymore, Madam Edith. I don’t want anything! Just please don’t force me to kill someone.” Nikki wailed pleadingly.
“Shut up! I want you to kill him no matter what, or I’ll kick you out again!” Edith threatened.
“Hurry up, Nikki. Don’t disappoint Madam Edith again.”
“She’s right. Men are nothing but hindrances. You shouldn’t keep one!”
“Killing men isn’t a big deal anyway.”
“Don’t tell me you’ll defy Madam Edith for a man?”
A few of the Sisterhood disciples began taunting Nikki.
To them, men were nothing but servants meant to serve them. Their lives meant nothing to these women.
“What are you waiting for? Pull out your sword!” Edith roared.
Startled, Nikki drew her sword shakily.
“Go and kill that bastard right now!” Edith yelled.
“I’m sorry… I’m sorry…” Gripping the sword with shaky hands, Nikki approached Dustin. hesitantly as tears streamed down her face.
She was like a puppet whose sole purpose was to fulfill Edith’s orders.
Dustin couldn’t help feeling disappointed in her. He never expected her to listen to Edith and try to kill him.
It was clear that this was how Nikki planned to repay his kindness.
###Chapter 902 by Marina Vittori
Nikki staggered toward Dustin with her sword, feeling torn. However, her sword fell to the ground with a clang before she could reach him.
“I-I can’t do it! I just can’t do it!” Nikki turned around and sobbed, guilt written all over her face. “You piece of shit!” Pissed, Edith slapped Nikki across the cheek, causing her to fall.
“What use do I have of you when you can’t even kill a man?” “Madam Edith, she may be unable to do it, but I can!”
Just then, Brittany emerged from the crowd, limping to the front.
She shot Dustin a glare. It was bad enough that he hit her, but she couldn’t stand him being unfazed by her beauty.
“Good. This man is yours to kill.” Edith nodded, pleased. As expected, no one made her as happy as Britanny.
“I bet you never thought you’d end up like this, did you, Dustin?” Brittany sniggered.
She drew her sword and limped toward him. “How dare a shitty, measly man like you defy me! I’ll make sure to castrate you in front of everyone tonight!”
If she couldn’t have him, then nobody would! Since he wasn’t willing to serve her, he might as well lose that part of his.
“Try anything funny, and your other leg is going to disappear as well,” Dustin warned icily.
“Stubborn to the end, eh?” Brittany chuckled.
“Your men have all been drugged. Even that old man is struggling to stay on his feet now. What makes you think you can make it out alive?”
“You can try if you don’t belien remained seated, looking expressionless
“Hmph! That’s nothing but an act. Even if you haven’t lost all strength due to the drug, I’d still be able to kill you easily!” Using her uninjured leg, Brittany jumped toward Dustin with her sword. aimed at his lower body. Her intentions were clear.
“Hmph!” Dustin slammed his hand onto the table, and a fork bounced upward from the force.
With a flick of his wrist, the fork shot forward and pierced Brittany’s knee.
“Aargh!” Brittany screamed, losing her grip on her sword as her body fell forward.
Before she hit the ground, a hand slapped across her face hard. Instantly, she was thrown backward and landed a distance away.
“What?”
The Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples were dumbfounded.
Although Brittany was crippled in one leg, she was still a divine martial artist. With her skills,
They couldn’t understand how she had been beaten instead.
“Brittany!”
When they registered what had happened, the Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples immediately hurried over to check on Brittany.
They forced her to regain consciousness by slapping her face and pressing her pressure points.
However, it was much better when Brittany was unconscious as she began screaming when she woke up to see her bloody knee.
“Aargh! My leg! My leg!” Brittany wailed, her face twisting in pain.
As she was babied all her life, getting a minor cut was enough for her to demand a doctor, much less losing a leg.
###Chapter 903 by Marina Vittori
“You f*cking a*shole! How dare you hurt me!
“You better f*cking die! Madam Edith, kill him for me!” Brittany screeched.
“What? Didn’t you drug him, Nikki?” Edith narrowed her eyes, displeased.
Only someone stronger than a grandmaster could be unaffected by the drug she made.
“I did. I put the drug in his wine,” Nikki replied.
She was confused as well. She watched Dustin drink the wine earlier, so why was he completely unaffected?
“I was careless.” Edith nodded and drew her sword,
“You must be a genius if you’ve already achieved divinity. However, I love killing geniuses. You’ll have the honor of being killed by me tonight.”
“I might not be the one who dies,” Dustin responded calmly.
“I shall give you a chance now. You can grovel for forgiveness, and I’ll spare you life.”
The Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples were surprised and burst out laughing.
“Hey, are you crazy? Who the hell do you think you are? How could you say something so foolish?” “Stupid man! Madam Edith is a semi-grandmaster. Killing you would be as easy as killing an ant!”.
“How stupid! You’ll meet your end tonight!”
Edith’s disciples sneered at Dustin.
Edith was the head of Jade Maiden Sisterhood and a semi-grandmaster. This made her one of the top martial artists in Oakvale
How hard could it be for someone as strong as her to kill a single man?
“Do you have any idea what you’re saying? What gives you the right to make me grovel?” Edith sniggered.
How dare this young man say such foolish things to her! He must have a death wish!
“Try it if you don’t believe me.” Dustin stood up calmly, his hands empty.
He seemed completely unaffected by Edith.
“I’ll rip you to pieces tonight! Here I come!” Seeing Dustin so calm annoyed Edith.
She lunged forward with her sword outstretched at lightning speed. Her attack was so powerful it took everyone by surprise.
The force shook the tables and the things on in. Even the ground ended up having holes, thanks to her sword.
“Such incredible mastery of the sword!”
As expected of Maui cu ei Skis will ure swoi die so perfect. Anyone wearer udii d grandmaster wouldn’t withstand her attack.”
“Hmph, he should feel honored to be killed by Madam Edith!”
The Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples were excited and in awe of Edith’s skills. They were sure that Dustin would be a dead man tonight since no one had ever been able to withstand Edith’s attack.
“Ha, that’s the end for you, asshole!” Brittany jeered gleefully.
Just as everyone thought the end was certain, Dustin finally made his move.
He reached out to grab Edith’s sword and tightened his grip. The sword split into two with a crack, instantly losing its vicious glow.
“You-!”
Edith was shocked. Before she could comprehend what happened, Dustin made his second move and slapped her.
Like a ball, Edith flew backward and slammed into the wall.
The force was so strong it created a dent, and she ended up stuck on the wall like a painting. Instantly, the entire room went pin-drop silent.
###Chapter 904 by Marina Vittori
“Um…” Those from Jade Maiden Sisterhood were astonished as they stared at Edith. They couldn’t believe that Edith, who was the head of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood, a semi- grandmaster, and one of the best sword arts martial artists, had been defeated by Dustin with a single move.
There was no way this was real. “Madam Edith lost? H-how is that possible?”
“M-my eyes must be playing tricks on me. There’s no way she would lose!”
“Why? How did things turn out this way?”
There was an uproar as the disciples struggled to accept that their invincible leader had lost.
“Who … who are you?” Letitia was aghast.
Although Edith had been injured, she was still much stronger than most.
“You caused a ruckus in my territory, yet you ask who I am?” Dustin’s expression was murderous.
“That’s impossible! You’re no match for Madam Edith! You must have used one of your tricks!”
“How dare that shameless bastard use tricks on Madam Edith! He’s disgusting!”
Edith’s disciples began yelling.
The battle had happened too quickly, so they assumed that Dustin must have used an underhanded technique to win.
They also factored in Edith’s injury as one of the causes of her loss. This made them look down on Dustin even more.
Loose rocks clattered to the floor as Edith began to regain consciousness.
She shook her head as she felt dizzy and her cheeks burning. She opened her mouth and spat out several broken teeth, looking messy.
“How dare you hurt me!” Edith seethed through gritted teeth.
She had never been so humiliated, and her reputation had been ruined.
“You’re dead, asshole! And so is your family! I’ll tear you to pieces!” Edith shrieked as she pounced. toward him like a mad woman.
At that moment, she no longer cared about her image; she only wanted to kill Dustin.
“Fool!” Dustin sneered.
He shot forward and gripped Edith’s neck before slamming her into the floor.
With a bang, Edith’s body created a dent in the floor’s surface, and she spat out blood.
you! cuil vegan verore receiving anoшer nieavy Slap um Dusun.
The force pushed her face to one side as two more teeth flew out.
While her head was spinning, Dustin sat on top of her and repeatedly slapped her face.
###Chapter 905 by Marina Vittori
“This is for looking down on others.
“This is for breaking your promise.
“This is for being a shitty mentor.
“This is for being an ungrateful wench.”
A crisp slap accompanied each of Dustin’s remarks.
Edith’s face was swollen beyond recognition when he was done.
“Um…”
The Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples had been rendered silent. Fear was written all over their
faces.
They initially assumed Dustin must have used a dirty trick to defeat Edith. However, the sight before them made them realize how wrong they’d been.
Although Dustin continued smacking Edith, none of her disciples tried to stop him since they
knew they were no match for him.
“Stop!”
Edith was on the brink of death when Nikki ran forward and threw herself over Edith.
With a determined look, she said, “You can hit me, but not Madam Edith!”
“What?” Dustin frowned and raised his hand.
Suddenly, Nelson’s face appeared in his mind. Dustin could only lower his hand.
“I know I betrayed you, Dustin. But she’s my mentor.
“I won’t let you hurt her. You can take it out on me if you’re still angry!” Nikki gritted her teeth, insistent on protecting Edith..
“What a good disciple you are!” Dustin sniggered.
“Should I praise you for your loyalty?” He made sure to emphasize the last word.
“I …” Nikki was stung by his words and didn’t know how to reply.
Although she felt guilty, she still felt like she did nothing wrong. After all, there was no way she could defy Edith because of a new friend.
“I know you hate me, Dustin. If you’re still not satisfied, you can slap me instead.
“I won’t fight back. But once you’re done, consider my debt paid. We won’t owe each other anything anymore.”
Nikki lifted her head and offered her cheek to Dustin
“Forget it.” Dustin looked at her coldly.
He only treated Nikki well because she was Nelson’s sister. But since she didn’t appreciate his help, he might as well stop.
He had done all he could, which was enough.
“You treated me very well, Dustin, and I’m grateful for that. So, I hope you and Madam Edith can move past this.
“Let’s pretend today’s events never happened, okay?” Nikki asked tentatively.
“Move past this?” Dustin burst out laughing.
“She tried to kill me, and your fellow disciples were dying to tear me to pieces.
“Don’t you think you’re being ridiculous by asking me to pretend like nothing happened?”
“But when will this end? Madam Edith may have acted out first, but you’ve returned the favor. Isn’t that enough?” Nikki frowned.
Dustin had already beaten Edith up. What more could he want?
“Am I not allowed to hit her when she tried to kill me?” Dustin sneered.
“Besides, I’m a petty man. I’m not as kind-hearted as you.
“There’s no way I would treat someone trying to kill me as a friend.”
“W-why are you being so unreasonable?” Nikki was irritated.
She was trying to resolve their conflicts.
Why wouldn’t Dustin listen to her? And why was a grown man being so petty?
###Chapter 906 by Marina Vittori
“Unreasonable? Oh, Nikki. You’re more biased than I expected!” Dustin laughed out loud.
“Why didn’t you try to reason with Edith when she broke her word? Or when she stabbed me in the back or ordered you to drug us?
“And why didn’t you tell her to be reasonable when she tried to kill me earlier?”
Dustin sneered, “You’re only telling me to be reasonable because you’re going to lose. Don’t you think the way you’re acting is repulsive?”
Nikki kept quiet when he was in danger. However, now that Edith was in trouble, Nikki jumped out and tried to guilt him into letting Edith go.
How disgusting.
“I…” Dustin’s rapid-fire questioning rendered Nikki speechless.
She ran out of excuses and could only put on a tough front.
“I’m doing this for you, Dustin! Madam Edith is well-known in the martial world. Being on her bad. _side would mean that you have more enemies.
“That’ll just be dangerous for you.”
“I’ve already become enemies with most of them anyway. What’s one more?” Dustin shot back.
He was the enemy of both Balerno and Glenstead’s martial arts alliance. Adding the Jade Maiden Sisterhood to the list wouldn’t make things worse.
“Y-you stubborn man!” Nikki was exasperated.
There was no way Edith would have lost to Dustin if she weren’t injured.
Nikki was trying to help Dustin. But he refused to accept her help and even intended to make the Sisterhood his enemy.
He must be crazy!
“I don’t want to waste my time on you anymore.” Dustin was getting annoyed.
“I’ll let you guys go because of Nelson, but this will be the last time. If you guys piss me off again, be prepared for the consequences!
“Now, get out!” He practically roared the last sentence.
A terrifying pressure fell on the Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples, causing the women to shrink back in fear. Even Nikki was startled and couldn’t speak.
“Hurry, bring Edith away!”
Letitia was the first to react. She ordered some disciples to carry the unconscious Edith, and they
ran for the door.
She knew that it was their loss today.
Fortunately, cum was su alive. at meant that they would get a chance in the future.
“Dustin Rhys, come out here!” someone suddenly roared.
The voice reverberated throughout the manor and caused the nearby birds to fly away.
“What?” The Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples froze up.
Before they came to their senses, someone kicked the gates down, causing the door to shatter.
A group of strong, hostile martial artists appeared.
“Who are you? How dare you storm into my manor!”
Dustin walked out of the ballroom and glared at the invaders.
“You better take a good look at who I am, Rhys!” A handsome man emerged from the group.
It was Terry Doyle!
“You?” Dustin was surprised.
“What are you doing here?”
“I’m here to challenge you to a duel to the death!” Terry seethed.
###Chapter 907 by Marina Vittori
Ever since Dustin defeated him, Terry had been steadily recovering, biding his time. And now, it was finally time for revenge.
“You’re weaker than you were last time. How are you going to fight me?” Dustin sized up Terry.
Although Terry’s core had been restored, his cultivation was nowhere near what it was before. Now, he was merely a low-level martial artist.
“I never said I would fight you. The one who’s going to fight you is my mentor!” Terry humphed.
“And who’s that?” Dustin asked.
“Listen well. My mentor is the famous Augustus Kline!” Terry declared proudly.
Everyone was shocked.
“What? Augustus Kline? Isn’t he a grandmaster?”
“That’s right! Augustus Kline is well-known in the martial world. He’s one of the five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno!”
“Holy shit! Who the hell is this guy? How did he become Augustus Kline’s disciple?”
The Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples were shocked. They saw grandmasters as beings that resembled God.
The martial world also believed that anyone weaker than a grandmaster was trash.
To grandmasters, strength and status didn’t matter. That was, unless one was a grandmaster.
So, every martial artist in the world wanted to become one. After all, a grandmaster stood higher than anyone else.
“I see. But so what?” Dustin seemed unfazed.
“So what?” Terry was stunned. “Don’t tell me you don’t even know who my mentor is!”
Most people would be scared after hearing Augustus’ name, yet Dustin was oddly calm.
“Does it matter? I’m going to accept his duel anyway,” Dustin replied casually.
“He accepted it?” Everyone was shocked.
“Holy shit! Is he crazy? How could he challenge Augustus Kline?”
“This is a real grandmaster we’re talking about, someone as strong as a god! He must be suicidal to
challenge someone as powerful as that!“
“How foolish!”
Aside from shock, the crowd was also visibly looking down on Dustin. They believed that no matter how strong Dustin was, he would still be beaten into a pulp.
“You sure are reckless!” Terry chuckled coldly.
“Alright, then. Since you seem so eager to die, so be it. Here’s the letter. Catch!”
Me uniew a letter to Dust, wil Cay it idi.
“Alright. You can choose the time and location,” Dustin answered.
Previously, he had challenged Terry to a duel. Now that Terry was returning the favor, he couldn’t
back down.
“Good. We’ll meet at Shinefield Lake tomorrow afternoon,” Terry said.
Then, he sneered. “You better not run away with your tail tucked between your legs!”
With that, Terry left with his men.
“What gave this man the balls to accept Augustus Kline’s duel? He must be crazy!”
“An idiot like him has no idea how scary a grandmaster is. He’ll definitely regret it later!”
“Tomorrow’s going to be interesting.”
The Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples commented in malicious glee. They didn’t think someone ordinary like Dustin could win against a grandmaster.
###Chapter 908 by Marina Vittori
The next day, the news had spread far and wide Distin, the genius martial artist, had challenged Augustus, the grandmaster.
The battle was set to happen at the battle ring in Shinefield Lake Many people were excited to hear about the duel Ever since Dustin won the Knighthood Society Tournament, all eyes were on him. The attention only became more intense as he became the prime suspect in Paul’s death People from both alliances caught wind of the duel And now, everyone was eager to watch the battle unfold By dawn, many martial artists had arrived at Shinefield Lake Most of them came because of Augustus.
Augustus was a well–known grandmaster. His name was familiar to the people in Balerno.
He had been laying low for the past few years. But it didn’t diminish his fame
After all, grandmasters were extremely rare. Most martial artists could only dream of meeting one
Inside the gazebo by the lake, many important figures had gathered together.
That included Ronald Reeds, the senior members of the alliance, as well as several geniuses. A
few Hill family members were also present.
“Sir Reeds, is the duel really going to happen? Will that guy actually challenge Sir Augustus?” Spring asked.
“Most likely. The Doyle family already issued the challenge. It’ll happen later in the afternoon Shinefield Lake.” Ronald nodded.
His spies had been keeping an eye on Dustin. That was why Ronald knew everything that
happened in Zephyr Lodge.
“Is he crazy? Why would he challenge Sir Augustus?” Spring was confused.
“Hmph! That foolish brat! He better not think he has the right to challenge a grandmaster just because he did okay in the tournament,” Autumn sneered.
Although Dustin was one of the strongest among his peers, he wasn’t a match for someone as strong as Augustus. A grandmaster was on a completely different level.
“Dad, do you think he’s hoping to be killed?” Torben asked.
“Hoping to be killed?” Autumn frowned. “What do you mean?”
“Just think about it. Dustin killed Grandpa and became the alliance’s enemy. He also ingested Septemortis.
“He knows he isn’t going to live long, so today’s his last chance at fame. After all, being kille Sir Augustus will be much better than dying to poison,” Torben explained.
No wonder Dustin had the balls to challenge Augustus He must be hoping to die today
Being killed by a grandmaster was a much more noble way to die It was better than having poison tear him apart from the inside.
“We meet again, Sir Reeds, someone said playfully
Everyone turned and saw Conrad smiling as he walked in with his men
“What brings you here, Su Melling? Ronald was surprised
“I heard about what’s happening There’s no way I’d miss out on the show,” Conrad answered.
He stroked his beard “After all, it’s been years since I watched a duel involving a grandmaster”
###Chapter 909 by Marina Vittori
Conrad never left after Paul passed away After all he was curious to see how Balerno would handle this issue “Since you seem so interested, why don’t you take seat? Ronald smiled and invited everyone to
Conrad headed straight to the seat next to Ronald and sat down “What do you think will happen during today’s battle. Si Reeds?”
“A fight, of course,” Ronald replied
“You’re a funny man, Sit Reeds Conrad smirked Then, he said, “From what I heard, Sir Augustus is doing this to avenge his disciple I bet that genius you like will have a hard time today.
“That’s how life is. He’ll have to decide his own fate Ronald was calm.
“Balemo rarely finds a genius like him. Are you sure you can bear to let him go?” Conrad smiler slyly
“He may be a genius, but if he’s a terrible person, he’s nothing more than a nuisance,” Ronald answered swiftly.
“He’s right! That man killed my father. He deserves to die!” Autumn spat.
“Well, we’ll see what happens.” Conrad’s smile deepened. He said nothing more.
He was there solely to enjoy the show. And he couldn’t wait for more internal conflicts within t Balerno martial arts alliance to break out.
“Wow, look at those beautiful women!” someone from the audience shouted suddenly.
Everyone turned to see a group of gorgeous women approaching them, each holding a sword.
They were from Jade Maiden Sisterhood!
“Holy shit! Where did those chicks come from? They’re gorgeous!”
“Looking at their outfit, they should be from Jade Maiden Sisterhood.”
“Jade Maiden Sisterhood? I’ve heard that its disciples only consist of beautiful and talented women. I guess it must be true!”
“I couldn’t be happier to see so many pretty women I’d die a happy man if I could get one of t
as my wife!”
The men were excited by the new arrivals.
Female martial artists were rare, but to see a group of beautiful female martial artists? It v
given that they became the center of attention.
“Brittany, are all Balerno martial artists like this? They’re like disgusting pigs.”
“This tiny place is nothing compared to Oakvale. You should keep your expectations low.”
in all the attention. They enjoyed the boost in their
coayad the anda que pas funding for the man dhe hated
| face three du Monded parserapped in bandag作る
Frcept for bay avec
After her brutal beating last night her face was a mess. She didn’t dare to show it to anyone
“He’s here one of the Sisterhood & disciples exclaimed
Everyone followed the direction she was pointing and saw a confident figure approaching.
It was Dustin‘
###Chapter 910 by Marina Vittori
When Dustin appeared, everyone’s glares shot toward him like arrows. The crowd’s eyes were filled with anger, resentment, shock, and scorn Because of Paul’s death, Dustin became public enemy number one So, everyone was eagerly waiting to see Augustus tear him apart.
“I didn’t expect so many people to turn up Cornelius surveyed the crowded lakeside and saw the hostile gazes.
“They’re probably here to watch me make a fool of myself” Dustin was unfazed. He already knew that this wasn’t going to be any ordinary duel.
“Sit, why don’t we give up? A duel against a grandmaster is no joke. “Your life is more important than your pride,” Cornelius warned in a low voice.
He knew that Dustin was powerful. However, Augustus was one of Balerno’s renowned grandmasters.
The gap between the two of them was just too big. So far, no one has ever escaped the fate of being crushed by grandmasters.
“Why would we run away when we’re already here?” Dustin replied calmly.
“Sir, grandmasters are far stronger than any human can be. They’re practically gods compared to regular martial artists. Please think this through!” Cornelius‘ expression was grim.
“Don’t worry. I know my limits.” Dustin smiled.
Augustus might be strong, but Dustin wasn’t weak, either.
“Dustin…” Just then, Nikki appeared. She looked conflicted.
“Yes, Ms. Horst?” Dustin’s smile disappeared. His expression turned cold.
The two of them had become strangers after yesterday night.
“I hope you forfeit the battle,” Nikki said seriously.
“And why should I?” Dustin responded.
“For your life, of course,” Nikki preached.
She added, “Sir Augustus is a strong grandmaster. You’re no match for him. If you fight him, you’ll die!”
“That’s none of your business. You should be caring for your mentor.” Dustin remained. emotionless.
“Stop acting like this. I’m telling you this for your own good. Why would you risk your life for nothing?” Nikki frowned.
“And how do you know I’ll lose when the battle hasn’t even begun?” Dustin retorted.
“Duh! Sir Augustus is a grandmaster, but what about you?” Nikki lectured patronizingly.
She believed that he victory was pure lock
“So hat are you trying to say? Dustin remained unaffected
Listen to me. Just give up losing the battle better than losing your life. Besides, surrendering to Sit Augustus jen’t humiliating.” Nikki adejand
“Are you done? Then step sede Duet walked atght part her
“Hang on” Nikki ruched over to block Dustin again
Hesitantly, she began. I won’t stop you if you insist on doing things your way. However, before that I hope you can return the Jade Maiden Scripture to me
After Edith passed out, the Jade Maiden Scripture disappeared from her arms. So, Nikkei immediately assumed that Dustin must have taken it back
###Chapter 911 by Marina Vittori
“The scripture?” Dustin was surprised Then, he burst out laughing “That’s what you were after this entire time, wasn’t it?”
He thought Nikki had finally come around and was trying to advise him for fear of his safety. It turned out that she was just putting on a show. Her goal was the Jade Maiden Scripture.
“Dustin, the scripture is very important to me. Please return it.”
Nikki’s expression was awkward, but there was a determined look in her eyes.
“I’ve already given it to you. Why are you asking me again?” Dustin’s expression turned stormy.
“Stop acting I know you stole it. We can still be friends if you hand it over,” Nikki said expressionlessly.
“First of all, I never stole that scripture of yours. It’s your problem if you lose it. Secondly, I don’t think I want to be friends with you,” Dustin jeered.
“Are you going to keep acting like this, Dustin? The scripture is useless to you! Just return it to me, and we can be friends again!” Nikki frowned.
She thought Dustin was a good man, but it was only a trick. He must have stolen the scripture to force her into making up with him.
What a despicable man!
“Are you deaf? I said I don’t have it! And even if I did, so what? I’d rather burn it to ashes than le you have it!” Dustin snapped.
“You!” Nikki was infuriated. She couldn’t believe how sneaky Dustin was.
“The Jade Maiden Scripture belongs to us in the first place. What right do you have to keep it Nikki yelled angrily.
She continued, “If you keep acting like this, I’ll have no choice but to let everyone know all the dirty things you did. You won’t even have time to regret your actions then!”
“Pfft! Are you threatening me?” Dustin chuckled frostily. “Nikki Horst, you better stop testing n patience.”
“As if you aren’t guilty of stealing!” Nikki shouted. “Besides, I still haven’t gotten even with you f killing my brother. You better explain yourself today!”
“Shut up!” Dustin snarled. “Nikki Horst, don’t you dare bring up Nelson. If it weren’t for him, I would have gotten rid of you a long time ago!”
“What? Are you going to hit me or something?” Nikki glared at him.
She said, “You stole our Sisterhood’s treasure and killed my brother. You’re a fucking piece of s
Instantly, Dustin slapped Nikki across the cheek. The force threw her backward, and blood star gushing out of her nose.
n–nów udie you in me NIKKI Heru nei injovomy LijeYR
Even when she drugged them last night, Dustin hadn’t raised his hand against her So, she didn’t expect him to smack her in front of so many people
“This is for Nelson I’m helping him teach you a lesson If you keep throwing a tantrum, I’ll break your legs next Dustin snapped
“You” Nikki gritted her teeth.
Her face contorted in tage. However, she dared not strike back with Cornelius next to Dustin
“Having you as his sister must be Nelson’s worst disgrace Dustin spat before stepping over her
“You fucking asshole! I can’t wait for Sir Augustus to rip you to shreds!” Nikki cursed, screeching like a maniac
###Chapter 912 by Marina Vittori
Dustin ignored the profanities Nikki was throwing at him and walked straight ahead.
He had done all that he should. Unfortunately, Nikki was just as stubborn and sickening as the other Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples.
All his help and advice had fallen on deaf ears. It even came back to bite him
There was no saving a woman like that He didn’t have to, either. So, he might as well pretend not to know her at all
“How did it go? Did you get the scripture back?” Just then, Edith and her disciples approached Nikki
Edith has been thinking about the scripture since she lost it last night. So, when Dustin appeared, she immediately ordered Nikki to get it back.
“He wouldn’t hand it over, Madam. He even slapped me,” Nikki whimpered. She covered her aching face with a hand.
“What?” Edith frowned. “Didn’t I tell you to sweet–talk him? What did you do?”
“That’s what I did, but it was useless. He had his guard up against me. I couldn’t get it back,” Nikki moaned.
“You piece of shit, you couldn’t even complete such a simple task!” Edith was irritated. She would have slapped Nikki as well if there weren’t so many eyes on her.
“Madam Edith, since Dustin stole the scripture back, it must be in Zephyr Lodge,” Nikki suddenly said.
“And?” Edith glanced at her.
“This is our chance!” Nikki said.
She lowered her voice, “I’m sure Dustin will lose today’s battle. So, even if he doesn’t die from it, he won’t pose a threat to us anymore. When that time comes, wouldn’t retrieving the scripture from the manor be easy?”
“Hmm… You’re right.” Edith thought about it and nodded.
Then, she said, “Still, there are too many people in Zephyr Lodge. It’ll be difficult for us to sneak around for it.”
“Why would we go through all that trouble? The people in that manor are so weak, we might as well kill all of them to save ourselves the mess.”
A sinister look appeared on Nikki’s face.
“Kill all of them?” Edith raised an eyebrow. “Is that necessary?”
“We’re already enemies, Madam. There’s no need to hold back anymore. We should get rid of every single one of them so that nothing comes back to bite us in the ass.” Nikki’s eyes glinted
ruthlessly.
wen uone im pieased with your idea. 1ou seem to have many grown up cum sinneu However, there was a hint of wariness in her eyes.
Nikki had always seemed like a harmless baby Edith never imagined that she would have such a malicious side, going as far as to destroy an entire guild.
Even Edith couldn’t help feeling cautious now
The scariest people in the world were those like Nikki, who hid their spiteful intentions behind kind smiles. If Nikki was one of those people, there was a chance she might stab Edith in the back.
“Dustin Rhys!” someone shouted as Dustin neared the lake.
Dustin turned to see the Doyle family walking toward him.
Phil, the head of the family, was leading Terry, Maggie and the other main family members.
“I didn’t think you’d have the guts to accept the challenge,” Phil jeered.
Their family’s reputation was in ruins since Dustin challenged Terry. So, Phil was determined to use this chance and turn things around for the Doyle family.
“The challenge letter was personally handed to me, so how could I embarrass myself by not showing up?” Dustin replied.
“Well, I’d say that embarrassing yourself is much better than dying.” Terry smirked.
He wasn’t worried that Dustin turned up–it was the opposite.
After all, Dustin was doomed to die as long as he showed up. “Today’s the day you die, Rhys!” Maggie hissed.
###Chapter 913 by Marina Vittori
Maggie still remembered how Dustin had beaten her up Now that the man she hated was standing right before her, she could finally have her revenge.
“Enough talking. Where’s Sir Augustus?” Dustin’s expression was cold
“Hmph‘ You’ll have to get through me if you want to challenge him!” Just then, a terrifying aura burst forth from the crowd. Then, a man and a woman jumped over to where the Doyle family was.
The man stood tall and proud with a fiery aura, while the elegant woman gave off an icy air. It was clear that they were polar opposites.
“What are you guys doing here?” Terry was happy to see the new arrivals.
“We heard that you were being bullied, so we came to support you.” The man grinned, while the woman merely nodded in acknowledgment.
“Terry, these two are?” Phil was puzzled.
“Let me introduce them to you, Dad. These are my seniors–Blaise and Frostine. They’re a married couple, and they’re also the famous Ice–Fire Duo on The Heavenly Immortals!” Terry introduced.
“Ice–Fire Duo?” Everyone was stunned.
Ice–Fire Duo ranked fifth and sixth on The Heavenly Immortals. The both of them could individually annihilate their enemies.
But they became more terrifying when they combined their powers. No one weaker than a grandmaster could withstand their attacks.
“I didn’t expect Ice–Fire Duo to be here as well. This sure is a gathering of the strong.”
“And they’re Terry Doyle’s seniors, too. From the look of things, they must be going to help him.”
“Ha, that Rhys bastard is in trouble now!”
The crowd gossiped gleefully.
“I see. That makes you part of our family.” Phil beamed after knowing the couple’s identity.
As a martial arts family, the Doyles naturally submitted to those stronger than them. The couple before them were by far some of the strongest people around.
They had to make sure to get close to them.
“You guys came just in time. Now that you’re here, you can help me get rid of this bastard. We don’t have to dirty Master Augustus‘ hands.” Terry pointed.
“Leave it to me.” Blaise smiled.
He turned to Dustin with a sneer. “Hey, brat! What gives you the right to challenge Master Augustus?”
“Let’s make this clear. He was the one who challenged me, not the other way around,” Dustin
“What?” Blaise’s expression hardened “I dare you to say that again!”
Both statements had the same meaning. However, there was a significant difference when it
came down to who issued the challenge.
Typically, the weak would challenge the strong. Therefore, those who were challenged took pride. in being challenged.
“I said that your mentor is the one who challenged me,” Dustin repeated calmly.
“You’re dead meat, bastard!”
Blaise was furious. He leaped toward Dustin and threw a punch.
Immediately, a ball of fire shot toward Dustin.
###Chapter 914 by Marina Vittori
As soon as Blaise made his move, Cornelius jumped out and threw a punch as well. A layer of true energy cushioned Cornelius‘ fist as it smashed into Blaise’s fiery fist Then, the energy exploded with a bang.
Cornelius‘ body shook for a second before he steadied himself Blaise, however, was pushed back from the impact. Each step he took to stabilize himself created a deep dent in the ground.
It was clear to see who had the upper hand.
“Holy shit! Who’s that old man? He was able to stop the person ranked fifth on The Heavenly Immortals!”
“Incredible! He gained the upper hand against Blaise in a fistfight.”
“Balerno sure has tons of hidden gems. Even a random old man is so strong.”
Many people were shocked by Cornelius‘ ability.
They didn’t expect a scrawny old man to win against Blaise when it came to physical strength. It sure was a rare sight.
“Who the hell are you? How dare you stop me!” Blaise’s face burned in humiliation.
He came here from Oakvale to show off his strength, yet he was shut down almost immediately.
“Nobody important,” Cornelius replied calmly.
“So, you won’t tell me? Alright, then. I’ll pry the answer from your lips today!”
Blaise quickly launched another series of attacks. This time, his target was Cornelius.
“Quake Break!” Blaise began throwing his fists toward Cornelius at an incredible speed. His fists. were so flammable that a slight contact was enough to ignite a fire.
“Such useless tricks.” Cornelius seemed unaffected. He began to counter Blaise’s strikes.
Instead of using brute force, Cornelius‘ moves were gentle.
He skillfully pushed Blaise’s fists aside. It made Blaise’s ferocious attack useless against Cornelius since it was like hitting a ball of cotton.
“Celestial Crush!” Blaise was angry. He gathered Ohis true energy before striking out again.
This time, his punches were much faster and stronger. Still, Cornelius was able to swiftly evade
Blaise’s attacks.
By now, everyone could see that Cornelius was far stronger than Blaise.
Seeing how ineffective his attacks were, Blaise finally yelled, “Frostine, give me a hand!”
Immediately, Frostine drew her sword. Then, she launched herself toward Cornelius.
Her blade was swift and ruthless as she struck out unexpectedly. At the same time, her sword exuded an aura so cold it froze the air it cut past.
Contienus iiowiieu diju Deyani taniny m nigin more seriously
Blaise’s punches were powerful and direct, but Frostine’s strikes took him by surprise. Her attacks would come at various angles.
The two of them combined made them a formidable force, as expected of Ice–Fire Duo
Most Divine–level martial artists would have been defeated by now. However, Cornelius surprised everyone by countering their attacks with ease.
“When did you have someone like that in Balerno, Sir Reeds?” Conrad was surprised
From how Cornelius held up against the Ice–Fire Duo, Conrad figured he must at least be a semi- grandmaster. A master of this caliber should be highly sought after.
“I don’t know. I’ve never seen him before.” Ronald shook his head.
###Chapter 915 by Marina Vittori
Ronald found it strange too A skilled semi–grandmaster was more than qualified to become an
elder of the martial arts alliance.
Why would he be working for Dustin? Was he hired with a hefty sum to fight in the battle?,
“It was only yesterday that we saw him. And yet, it seems like that old geezer has improved ”
Edith’s expression was hostile. It carried a hint of resentment.
She had been stuck as a semi–grandmaster for many years, unable to make any progress. However, that old geezer still had room to improve
It made her jealous.
“Damn it! Where did that old geezer come from? I can’t believe he still isn’t defeated by Ice–Fire
Duo.” Maggie was getting anxious.
“Don’t panic. At least it looks like Ice–Fire Duo still has the upper hand.”
Phil stroked his beard. They weren’t ranked fifth and sixth on the Heavenly Immortals for nothing.
They were invincible, especially when they joined forces. It was only a matter of time before they would defeat their opponent.
“Relax, that old man will never win against my seniors.”
Terry was confident. “I believe he will be defeated in less than three minutes!”
As soon as he spoke, they heard a miserable groan
Cornelius‘ palm had smacked a tired Blaise right in the chest. It sent him flying several meters
away.
Blaise crashed heavily into a sturdy tree. Blood dripped from his mouth continuously.
“Blaise!” Frostine’s expression shifted, and her movements slowed down slightly.
In that short moment she was distracted, Cornelius took the chance and struck again. His palm hit her back forcefully.
With a muffled groan, Frostine was sent flying several meters away, just like Blaise. She landed. right beside Blaise and spat out a mouthful of blood.
In just a blink of an eye, the situation was reversed.
“What? Ice–Fire Duo lost? Am I seeing things?”
“Oh my goodness, that old geezer is too good. He won even when the fight was two against one.”
“He truly is a hidden master!”
Cornelius‘ win ignited an uproar among the crowd. The nameless, formidable martial artist suddenly piqued everyone’s interest.
“How is that possible?” Terry’s smile froze in place. He was dumbstruck.
1/2
me never expocitu an onu mimi iu umiem mis seinuss man
enemy?
“What Phil and his group glanced at each other in dismay. They were unsure of what to do
They thought the Ice Fire Duo would uphold the family’s dignity. They hadn’t anticipated their sudden defeat
“Old geezer Who the hell are you? Blaise held his chest. He looked both shocked and angry
Cornelius had led him on He was deliberately wearing him down
Once he was weakened, Cornelius launched a fierce assault He aimed to break through his defenses
It was a cunning move! He couldn’t accept his loss,
“It matters not who I am. I won’t let you escape the consequences of laying a hand on Sir Phys
Comelius‘ gaze hardened as he launched another strike, his palm launching with relentless force Since Blaise was an enemy, he didn’t need to show Mercy.
“Outrageous!”
A sudden, thunderous voice shattered the air, causing the lake’s surface to ripple.
Those who stood by the lake felt their breathing hitch, and their ears rang. It almost felt like a
mountain was pressing down on them.
A piercing whistle accompanied the thunderous voice. A stream of brilliant white light shot toward them from the end of Shinefield Lake. It left a long trail in the air.
It carried an explosive force, and it was aimed directly at Cornelius. Wherever the light traversed, it split the lake in half like a blade cutting through jelly.
“Huh?” Cornelius‘ expression turned grim.
Targeted by the oncoming power, he could only cross his arms and exert all of his true energy to defend against it.
The brilliant white light surged forth like a meteor. It hit Cornelius and his protective true energy
barrier.
An explosive boom reverberated in the air.
In the next instant, it was like Cornelius was hit by a train. He hurtled a long distance backward, blood spraying from his mouth.
Following the attack, the brilliant white light descended gently. It swayed in the wind.
Unbelievably, it turned out to be a leaf!
A flying leaf capable of inflicting harm from a thousand meters away–that was the power of a grandmaster!
###Chapter 916 by Marina Vittori
“What?” After witnessing Cornelius flying, the crowd was dumbfounded. They were aware of his skills from his earlier performance. He had single–handedly defeated Ice- Fire Duo It was nothing short of imposing Yet a formidable martial artist like him was severely injured by a single leaf. It was truly astonishing.
The most remarkable part was that the leaf had shot out from more than a thousand yards away. Who could have injured a semi–grandmaster without even showing themselves?
“He’s here!” Amidst the gazes of many, an elderly man with a youthful appearance appeared at the end of Shinefield Lake.
He wore a white robe and had his hands folded behind his back. He strode across the surface of the lake as if it were solid land.
With every step he took, ripples that looked like lotuses appeared. It made the aquatic life beneath him leap from the water in response.
At first glance, it looked like a divine being had descended from the heavens. As he moved amidst clouds and mist, every gesture he made exuded an otherworldly grace.
“He walks on water! That’s an unmistakable grandmaster!” someone cried out from the crowd.
At that moment, everyone burst into excitement. Many of them had never seen a grandmaster before, let alone one at such close proximity.
Grandmasters were like divine beings, distant and elusive. Seeing a grandmaster up close was undoubtedly an awe–inspiring experience.
“Mr. Kline!”
Terry’s expression lit up in joy at the elderly man’s appearance. The weight that had been pressing down on his heart finally lifted.
His seniors‘ defeat had troubled him. Now that his mentor had made his entrance, he would naturally be able to contain the situation.
“Is that Augustus Kline? His reputation is well–deserved!” Phil was delightfully surprised.
A mere leaf from a thousand yards away could defeat a semi–grandmaster. The sheer strength displayed was truly awe–inspiring.
“Hahaha… our savior has finally arrived!”
After a brief moment of shock, Maggie was thrilled. With a grandmaster present, nobody would dare cause trouble with the Doyles.
“Hah! Augustus Kline has arrived. That Dustin brat is as good as dead today!” Sitting in a wheelchair, Brittany smirked in satisfaction.
rie jjevej experieu dii viu MAN TO UNICA its seion vids it because tiey undejesumidieu ien
enemy?
“What Phil and his group glanced at each other in dismay. They were unsure of what to do
They thought the Ice Fire Duo would uphold the family’s dignity. They hadn’t anticipated their
sudden defeat
1
“Old geezer! Who the hell are you?” Blaise held his chest. He looked both shocked and angry.
Cornelius had led him on. He was deliberately wearing him down.
Once he was weakened, Cornelius launched a fierce assault. He aimed to break through his
defenses.
It was a cunning move! He couldn’t accept his loss.
“It matters not who I am. I won’t let you escape the consequences of laying a hand on Sir Rhys‘
Cornelius‘ gaze hardened as he launched another strike, his palm launching with relentless force.
Since Blaise was an enemy, he didn’t need to show Mercy.
“Outrageous!”
A sudden, thunderous voice shattered the air, causing the lake’s surface to ripple.
Those who stood by the lake felt their breathing hitch, and their ears rang. It almost felt like a
mountain was pressing down on them.
A piercing whistle accompanied the thunderous voice. A stream of brilliant white light shot
toward them from the end of Shinefield Lake. It left a long trail in the air.
It carried an explosive force, and it was aimed directly at Cornelius. Wherever the light traversed, it split the lake in half like a blade cutting through jelly.
“Huh?” Cornelius‘ expression turned grim.
Targeted by the oncoming power, he could only cross his arms and exert all of his true energy to defend against it.
The brilliant white light surged forth like a meteor. It hit Cornelius and his protective true energy
barrier.
An explosive boom reverberated in the air.
In the next instant, it was like Cornelius was hit by a train. He hurtled a long distance backward,
blood spraying from his mouth.
Following the attack, the brilliant white light descended gently. It swayed in the wind.
Unbelievably, it turned out to be a leaf!
A flying leaf capable of inflicting harm from a thousand meters away–that was the power of a grandmaster!
###Chapter 917 by Marina Vittori
The water sphere exploded with a pop Even the fish inside exploded into a bloody mist “Huh?” Augustus frowned at the unexpected scene.
Though he had made a simple attack, it wasn’t an attack an ordinary person could defend against. “Augustus Kline, your opponent is me Dustin stepped out while shielding Cornelius. “So you’re Dustin Rhys?”
Augustus gave him a once–over. His gaze was sharp, cold, and imposing. He exuded an air of indifference, resembling a God looking down upon insignificant mortals.
“That would be me.” Dustin was stoic. “Break your limbs, destroy your core, and apologize to Terry on your knees. That way, I will let you live,” Augustus spat out coldly.
Although his tone was relatively composed, an underlying dominance was unmistakably present.
“Hey, Rhys! Did you hear that? Hurry up and destroy your core, then kneel and apologize! Terry yelled arrogantly.
He wouldn’t pass up the chance to humiliate Dustin. After all, Dustin would be entirely under his control once he lost his cultivation
“Hmph! You’re lucky to be able to keep your pathetic life.” Maggie sneered. She crossed her arms
with disdain.
Augustus was too kind. She would have ended him with a single strike instead.
“We haven’t even started our fight. But you’re already making bold claims. Aren’t you getting ahead of yourself?” Dustin said impassively.
“What? You’re still brave enough to challenge me?” Augustus cast Dustin a sidelong glance.
It was just a glance, but a fierce wind roared around them. Even water rippled endlessly.
“No, you’ve got it wrong.” Dustin’s gaze grew increasingly sharp.
“I’m not here to challenge you. I’m here to cripple you!”
His words ignited a frenzy among the crowd.
“What the fuck? Is this guy out of his mind? He actually spoke to Augustus like that?”
“This guy is too naive. He has no idea how terrifying a grandmaster can be!”
“How is he so arrogant at his age? He’s practically asking for death!”
Dustin’s words had caused a tremendous stir among the crowd.
Some admonished him, some sneered at him with disdain, and others sought to add fuel to the
fire.
Who did he think Augustus Kline was?
Augustus was a grammmmmier will a presente miliju vou imemtiosimy provoking a suviy nymer like him was essentially asking for death.
“Arrogant brat You must die today! Not even the emperor can save your
Though Augustus was slightly taken aback, he soon erupted in fury. He shot across the air as he
launched a palm strike
In an instant, the lake divided in half, and a surging wave emerged.
A massive pillar of water suddenly shot up into the sky, resembling a giant python. It twisted around twice before crashing down violently on Dustin.
As it passed, a wild wind raged and caused aquatic life to jump out. Even massive trees toppled
The power shown was utterly terrifying.
“Now that you’ve angered Augustus, let’s see if you can survive this!”
Upon seeing this, the disciples of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood gloated openly.
“Hmph! Challenging a grandmaster is like bringing a knife to a gunfight. That guy is digging his
own grave!”
The members of the Doyle family sneered. It was as if they were looking at a corpse.
“A grandmaster should never be insulted. This young man is probably going to meet his end here.” Conrad sighed as he shook his head, feeling regretful.
“This guy has committed endless crimes. He deserves to die!”
The Hill family applauded and cheered. They felt vindicated.
Almost everyone believed that Dustin was sure to be a dead man.
Just as the python–like column of water was about to come crashing down on Dustin, he suddenly
moved
With a quick tap of his toes, he launched himself forward. He turned into a white streak of light as he broke through the “python” and continued toward Augustus.
“Huh?” Augustus‘ expression shifted dramatically.
He unleashed a series of palm strikes, creating numerous water pillars as he tried to stop Dustin. However, the light was unstoppable as it pierced through all the pillars.
Eventually, the light arced through the air. Then, it collided with a tremendous force against Augustus‘ protective true energy barrier.
With a resounding bang, Augustus‘ protective barrier exploded, dissolving into waves of light. His body was thrown upwards like a kite disconnected from its string. Then, he fell into the lake.
Augustus disappeared from view.
A deathly silence engulfed the scene. Only the sound of water bubbling on the surface of the lake could be heard.
###Chapter 918 by Marina Vittori
Only silence filled the scene. Everyone was dumbfounded. Their eyes widened in disbelief. Nobody expected a great martial artist like Augustus to crash into the water with one strike.
He was a grandmaster, for God’s sake! His presence was like a divine being to ordinary martial artists. A flick of a finger could take a life, and a simple attack could defeat a divine–level martial artist!
Under normal circumstances, a top–tier skilled martial artist like him should be invincible. He could crush everything effortlessly.
What the hell was going on, then? The revered Augustus was defeated on their first encounter. How the hell was that possible?
After a brief silence, the area around Shinefield Lake erupted into a frenzy.
“Oh my God! Am I seeing things? Augustus Kline was sent into the water?”
“No! That’s not possible! A grandmaster is like God. How could an ordinary person compare?”
“A grandmaster can only be defeated by another grandmaster. Could that man actually be a grandmaster already?”
“A young grandmaster! He’s actually a young grandmaster!”
“We have a monster in the Balerno martial arts alliance!”
The excitement at the scene reached its peak as the crowd looked at Dustin standing on the
surface of the lake. All of them were dumbstruck.
“H–How is that possible? H–He. He’s a grandmaster?”
It was as if Terry was hit by lightning as the color drained from his face.
He had thought Dustin was only slightly stronger than him. He didn’t expect him to turn out to be
a grandmaster already. If Dustin wanted to kill him, it would be like killing an ant.
The blow left him in despair. It wasn’t only him. The rest of the Doyle family members looked astonished and scared.
“Why? Why is he so strong?”
Brittany shook her head continuously in disbelief. She couldn’t accept that that fanboy was a formidable fighter.
“We’re doomed… We offended a young grandmaster. We’re in big trouble!”
Letitia was terrified. She broke out in a cold sweat!
“How could this be? Why the hell is he a grandmaster?”
Edith was shocked and jealous. She had trained for many years but was unable to make a
Augustus was a yiaumaster win a pum
e anni luguu memunany provoning a sunny nymer
like him was essentially asking for death
“Arrogant brat! You must die today! Not even the emperor can save you!”
Though Augustus was slightly taken aback, he soon erupted in fury. He shot across the air as he launched a palm strike.
In an instant, the lake divided in half, and a surging wave emerged
A massive pillar of water suddenly shot up into the sky, resembling a giant python. It twisted around twice before crashing down violently on Dustin.
As it passed, a wild wind raged and caused aquatic life to jump out. Even massive trees toppled.
The power shown was utterly terrifying.
“Now that you’ve angered Augustus, let’s see if you can survive this!”
Upon seeing this, the disciples of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood gloated openly.
“Hmph! Challenging a grandmaster is like bringing a knife to a gunfight. That guy is digging his own grave!”
The members of the Doyle family sneered. It was as if they were looking at a corpse.
“A grandmaster should never be insulted. This young man is probably going to meet his end here.” Conrad sighed as he shook his head, feeling regretful.
“This guy has committed endless crimes. He deserves to die!”
The Hill family applauded and cheered. They felt vindicated.
Almost everyone believed that Dustin was sure to be a dead man.
Just as the python–like column of water was about to come crashing down on Dustin, he suddenly
moved
With a quick tap of his toes, he launched himself forward. He turned into a white streak of light as he broke through the “python” and continued toward Augustus.
“Huh?” Augustus‘ expression shifted dramatically.
He unleashed a series of palm strikes, creating numerous water pillars as he tried to stop Dustin. However, the light was unstoppable as it pierced through all the pillars.
Eventually, the light arced through the air. Then, it collided with a tremendous force against Augustus‘ protective true energy barrier.
With a resounding bang, Augustus‘ protective barrier exploded, dissolving into waves of light.
His body was thrown upwards like a kite disconnected from its string. Then, he fell into the lake.
Augustus disappeared from view.
A deathly silence engulfed the scene. Only the sound of water bubbling on the surface of the lake could be heard.
###Chapter 919 by Marina Vittori
It was Augustus, who was just sent crashing into the water! ths hair was disheveled, and his entire body was drenched He looked awful He wasn’t badly injured However, he couldn’t get back his initial glory as a grandmaster.
“Master Augustus is actually alright? That’s great! Seeing this. Terry was reenergized. He also regained his confidence.
The surprised crowd also had their hopes restored, Dustin was indeed a young grandmaster, but Augustus was a grandmaster too. Earlier, he had been too reckless Augustus had underestimated his enemy, which led to his loss.
As a veteran grandmaster, Augustus would surely be more skilled if they fought head–on. “Young man, how dare you attack me by surprise?
Augustus came out of the water. He gritted his teeth with a fierce expression. He looked as though he wanted to eat somebody.
Augustus had never felt so embarrassed. He had his dignity wiped by a punk in front of everyone. It was a huge humiliation!
“A surprise attack? But you attacked first.” Dustin put his hands behind his back. He stood on the surface of the lake, his body moving up and down with the waves.
“Hmph, I underestimated you earlier. That’s why you managed to find an opportunity to strike,” Augustus said.
Then, he continued, “This time, I won’t hold back. I’ll show you the difference between us as grandmasters!”
With that, Augustus tapped his foot on the surface of the lake. A huge wave burst out.
At the same time, his whole body shot up like an arrow from a bow. He flew toward Dustin.
Wherever he flew over, his grandmaster’s energy formed a large trench on the surface of the lake.
Dustin wasn’t afraid at all. He also shot himself upward to meet Augustus.
Like cars speeding toward each other, they collided.
Then came a loud, earth–shattering noise.
When they collided, water splashed up as high as fifty feet.
An energy light wave burst forth. It made a huge wave that crashed violently in every direction.
Wave after wave slammed against the land!
Delvie tie lidilidi dusts Stay by шe lake could react, the water au un tiem iey were soaked from head to toe.
After that move, the two people in the middle of the lake didn’t stop there. They continued to attack each other.
They exchanged blows, each giving and taking.
They created countless splashes and roaring waves.
Even from three hundred feet away, everyone could feel their overwhelming power.
Every attack seemed capable of destroying the earth and moving mountains.
They were all scared out of their minds.
“This is what grandmaster martial artists are like? They’re as scary as I thought!”
“This battle is intense. I really don’t know who will win.”
“Is that even a question? Of course, it’s going to be Sir Augustus. Can’t you see that the punk is already struggling to catch his breath?”
“That’s right! As a veteran grandmaster, Sir Augustus has a solid foundation. He has several tricks. up his sleeve, so he ought to emerge victorious.”
As the crowd watched the fight, they even made all sorts of comments to the point of being overly critical.
To them, Dustin could only get the upper hand earlier because Augustus had underestimated him.
Otherwise, how could he have had an advantage?
At that moment, there was a thunderous noise from the middle of the lake.
In an instant, the earth swayed, and the waves surged.
Amid strong waves, the two figures clashed. Then, they retreated several hundred feet in separate directions.
At last, they regained their footing on the surface of the lake.
In the next second, Dustin suddenly spat out a mouthful of dark blood.
His figure swayed, and he almost fell into the water.
“Hahaha… he lost! The punk lost!”
Terry and the others cheered in delight.
“As expected of Sir Augustus. He deserves his reputation. How impressive!”
The Hill family also perked up.
“Hmph, so what if he’s a young grandmaster? He’ll still die in Sir Augustus‘ hands.”
The disciples from the Jade Maiden Sisterhood celebrated Dustin’s defeat. They kicked him while
he was down.
JE MARNE Bugha the end. UE ULURIJE A
expected.
“Punk, do you know what strength looks like? This is the gap between grandmasters! You should be honored to die by my hand today!”
Augustus cackled
As he laughed, his body suddenly exploded like a balloon!
Hie
entire being turned into a cloud of fog, and nothing was left of his body!
###Chapter 920 by Marina Vittori
“What The crowd was stunned as they watched blood fog fill the air. They were all rooted to the spot. It was as if they’d been struck by lightning .No one could have expected to see such a shocking sight. Didn’t Augustus win?
Why? Why did he suddenly explode? That was none other than Sir Augustus, the peerless grandmaster martial artist!
He was a living legend!
Someone like him died… just like that?!
He was dead?!
“Master…?” Terry’s jaw dropped open He stood there in a daze. His face paled. He couldn’t believe his eyes. His invincible, extraordinary master had suddenly exploded and died.
Even his body was gone.
“He’s dead? Sir Augustus is actually dead?!”
After a brief silence, the crowd broke out in chaos.
“Oh my god, what the hell just happened? I can’t be dreaming, can I?”
“No–no way! How did a grandmaster martial artist die?”
“The sky is falling… The sky is falling!”
Right now, all the martial artists were extremely shocked.
They were all scared out of their wits. They felt their hair stand on end.
When Dustin coughed up blood, they were certain that Augustus won.
Yet, in the next second, he’d exploded and died.
That unexpected twist came out of nowhere.
Looking at Dustin, everyone screamed internally, “What kind of monster is he?!”
Shock, confusion, anger, jealousy, fear… Various emotion crossed their faces.
Although it was hard to believe, they had to admit that this young grandmaster was going to shock the world! Thousands would submit to him!
Under everyone’s gazes, Dustin walked across the surface of the water toward the land.
His complexion was pale, and there were still traces of dark blood at the corner of his mouth.
on te suntale, Uldi DALLIE JOUREU wuyi
But only Dustin knew that he didn’t cough up blood because of Augustus It was because of
Septemortis
The poison was like a maggot in his bones Every time he used his true energy, it would take the opportunity to get in.
The more true energy he consumed, the more aggressive the poison.
Watching Dustin make his way over, Cornelius was both excited and concerned. “Sir Rhys, are you alright?”
He was excited because his gang leader was actually a low–profile young grandmaster.
Even in the entire world, he was one in a million.
He had a bright future ahead of him!
However, he was concerned. If Dustin got some kind of hidden injury from the battle, things would become troublesome.
In a life–or–death battle between grandmasters, one could easily injure one’s core.
“It’s just a small injury. It’s nothing.” Dustin waved his hand nonchalantly.
“Good.” Cornelius sighed.
“You look like you got hurt pretty badly. Take this Dustin flicked a red tablet into Cornelius‘ hand
“Thank you, Sir Rhys!” Cornelius swallowed it in one gulp.
After taking a few breaths, the blood surging through his chest began to calm down.
The effects of the medicine were shocking.
“Rhys, how–how dare you kill my master?!” When Terry returned to his senses, he flew into a rage.
“A life or death battle doesn’t just prove who is stronger. It also decides who gets to live or die.”
###Chapter 921 by Marina Vittori
Dustin said indifferently. “Sir Augustus wanted to kill me earlier. Why can’t I kill him?”
“I’m going to take revenge on you for killing my master!” Terry roared. His eyes were bloodshot
“Terry, don’t say that Phil quickly yelled. He was afraid.
This young grandmaster in front of them was able to defeat Sir Augustus, much less them.
“If it’s a fair challenge, I’ll welcome it. But if you dare use dirty tricks, I’ll annihilate the entire Doyle family!” Dustin said as he looked at Terry coldly.
The Doyle family stepped backward in fear. They looked terrified.
It would be easy for a grandmaster to wipe them out.
“Cornelius, let’s go home.” Dustin no longer wanted to entertain this conversation and headed
down the mountain.
“Dustin…” At that moment, Nikki ran up to him.
With a guilty look, she said, “I’m sorry, I was wrong. I’m willing to turn over a new leaf and listen to
you. Will you give me another chance?”
“Actually,” she continued, “if you’d been honest with me sooner, none of this would have happened. We would have been great friends, don’t you think?”
If she had known earlier that he was a grandmaster, she would never have chosen to betray him.
“Get lost,” Dustin spat coldly. His expression didn’t waver a single bit.
Broken trust could never be regained.
“Dustin, I know you feel bad for me. For my brother’s sake…”
“Get lost!”
Before Nikki could finish speaking, Dustin stomped his foot fiercely. An intense force of internal energy suddenly exploded, forcing her away.
“Don’t ever bring your brother up in front of me. You have no right,” he said coldly.
With that, he left.
Watching his retreating back, Nikki gnashed her teeth. She was about to blow her top.
“Why? Why didn’t you tell me?
“If you’d revealed your identity sooner, I wouldn’t have done that.
“This is all your fault!
“Give the Jade Maiden Scripture back!”
Nikki shouted. Anger was written all over her face.
More than that, she was overcome with regret.
“A leopard can’t change its spots Dustin’s cold, mocking murmur disappeared with the wind
“Madam Edith, what do we do now? Are we still going to massacre the entire Zephyr Lodge tonight?” one of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood disciples asked out of the blue
“Massacre?” Edith slapped the disciple.
She yelled, “Are you stupid? He’s a grandmaster martial artist. How are you going to pull off a massacre? Do you want to die?”
The disciple cupped her cheek pitifully.
She muttered to herself, “Wasn’t it you who said you wanted a bloodbath?”
“Now that such a powerful evildoer has been born, the entire martial world will be shaken up!” Conrad narrowed his eyes and let out a breath.
“He is a young grandmaster. If not him, then who?”
Several founding members of the Gleansted martial arts alliance also sighed.
“Dad, what do we do now? Can we still get our revenge?” Torben swallowed. He was feeling weak.
“Well…” Autumn was at a loss for words.
Without his father in command, even if the entire Hill family joined united, they were no match
for a grandmaster.
“Hmph, so what if he’s a young grandmaster? He took the Septemortis. Without an antidote, he’s going to die anyway!” Spring said with a dark expression.
“That’s right! The punk has been poisoned, and no medicine can help him. He only has three and a half days to live!” Torben said, his eyes lighting up.
“Sir Reeds, that bastard killed my father. He is also the martial world’s public enemy. You cannot go easy on him!” Autumn said as he shifted his gaze.
The antidote to the Septemortis was with Ronald. In other words, Dustin’s life was completely in his hands.
“I owe everything to Sir Paul. I will handle this matter fairly and not let personal matters affect my decision.”
Then, Ronald shook his head and sighed softly. “Although it’s a pity, someone has to pay the price for this.”
###Chapter 922 by Marina Vittori
In the evening, Dustin was quietly sipping tea at his table by the window of the Roseate Restaurant. The battle of grandmasters shook up the two major martial arts alliances entirely.
Various parties were thinking of ways to recruit him. This even included several overseas alliances. Of course, he paid no attention to those people. Because today, he’d invited Natasha for dinner.
At that moment, the restaurant’s doors opened. Natasha walked in elegantly. She was in a long black dress that complemented her complexion.
She was wearing light makeup today. Her natural features looked even more alluring.
Together with her unique aura, she was a stunner.
Even though he’d seen her many times, Dustin was still as surprised as always.
“Why are you staring at me? Am I not beautiful today?”
Natasha purposely twirled in front of Dustin, putting her sexy figure on full display.
“Of course, you’re beautiful. Words cannot describe your beauty.” Dustin nodded with a smile.
“Hehe. Darling, when did you learn how to talk like that?” Natasha grinned.
She had always thought that Dustin didn’t get romance. She never thought that he w
saying such things.
Did he finally learn?
“I’m just telling the truth,” Dustin said seriously.
“Good, because I love hearing you tell me the truth.” Natasha took a seat, still smiling..
Then, she took out a gift box from her bag and placed it on the table. “Here, this is for you.”
“Why did you get a gift for no reason?” Dustin was rather curious.
He opened the gift box to find a beautiful brass lock. He was dumbfounded.
“Natasha, what does this mean?”
“A brass lock signifies a long–lasting love. I want to keep you locked down!” Natasha said seriously.
“What year are we in? You actually believe in this?”
Dustin didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.
“What? You don’t want to be locked down by me?” Natasha deadpanned.
Her eyes carried a hint of threat.
LAUSUI SUURU wiyty ne nung me vrass IVGA UU HIS DEGA.
“Hmph, that’s more like it! Natasha smiled with a hint of pride.
Do you think I don’t have control over you?” she thought.
“Natasha, why did you invite me to dinner today?” Dustin asked
“Actually, there is.” Natasha nodded.
Her expression turned serious. The preparations for the Oakvale company are done. I have to fly over to take care of the overall situation, so I wanted to say goodbye ”
“So soon? I thought it’d take more time.” Dustin was caught off guard.
Natasha had mentioned this two nights ago. He just never expected her to do things so swiftly.
“My family’s situation is not great right now. There’s already internal conflict, so I have to pick up the pace with the new company.
“When the time comes, I’ll transfer all the funds here to there to avoid getting stuck in a muddy situation,” Natasha explained.
“It’s good to be prepared. You can’t put all your eggs in one basket.” Dustin nodded thoughtfully.
Then, he asked, “Oh, do you need my help with anything?”
“You don’t have to worry about the business. Having the Immortunol is enough. Right now, I’m
most worried about my father.
“Ever since my uncle took over, he has been getting rid of my father’s most trusted subordinates. Some were kicked out of the family, while others were stripped of important positions.
“If this continues, my father will have no support within three days. He will end up isolated. When that happens, he’ll have no power to fight back.
“Of course, if it was just a fight for money and wealth, things would be easier. However, the crux is that my uncle’s target is the Harmon family’s treasure map.
“In the end, there will definitely be conflict. I hope you can keep my father safe.
###Chapter 923 by Marina Vittori
Natasha was solemn Given her father’s personality, she knew he would never hand over the treasure map once he knew Tyler was behind everything.
However, that would certainly anger Tyler and put her father in danger
“I understand I will send someone to protect Mr. Harmon discreetly,” Dustin assured her
“That puts me at ease” Natasha grinned.
“Of course, I won’t be gone for long Once I’ve taken care of things with my new company in Oakvale, I’ll return to Millsburg immediately. If everything goes well, I’ll be back in three to five
days”
“Alright, I’ll wait for you.” Dustin nodded.
After their food arrived, they chatted and ate in a pleasant atmosphere.
Just then, the doors to the restaurant opened once again. A group of elegantly dressed young men and women entered, chatting happily.
Dustin glanced over instinctively. He didn’t think much of it at first, but suddenly, he froze. Looking back in the same direction, he appeared somewhat surprised.
“What’s wrong?” Natasha noticed.
“Nothing, I just recognized someone.” Dustin smiled.
“Is it a friend? Should we go over and greet them?”
Natasha turned and saw a group of young people. They carried themselves exceptionally. Clearly, they came from affluent backgrounds.
“No need, let’s focus on our meal,” Dustin replied. He didn’t pay much attention to them.
He continued his meal with Natasha and enjoyed the moment of tranquility.
For some reason, he felt a sense of peace whenever he was with her. It was as if all of his worries
had suddenly disappeared.
“Dear, it’s almost time. I still need to catch a flight. See you in a few days.” After having her fill
Natasha stood up.
“Alright, I’ll drive you there.” Dustin stood up, too.
“That won’t be necessary. I have a private ride. You seem tired. Rest well when you get back. You
must take good care of yourself.
“Oh, right. You better be faithful while I’m gone. Don’t go flirting with everyone you see. Otherwise Snip-”
Natasha made a face and turned her fingers into scissors. She followed that up with a chuckle and pecked Dustin on the cheek.
With words filled with affection, she waved and bid him goodbye.
AS DUSH Wathieu nei leave, nie je empty use it rent ds in site woju suuremy usappedi
“Dustin?” Suddenly, he heard a clear female voice.
He turned around to find several beautiful women staring at him curiously. The person in the middle of the group was Sheila Murray.
They had met in Swinton before. That was when he used a fiery beetle to cure her of Polarfrost. His reward for that then was the Gozoraberry.
“Dustin, it really is you! I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me.” Sheila was so happy that she almost jumped up in joy.
“Sheila, long time no see.” Dustin smiled weakly.
He hadn’t planned on greeting her, but she still noticed him in the end.
“When did you arrive in Millsburg? Why didn’t you tell me?” Sheila was very friendly.
She had been thinking about Dustin day and night ever since she met him. But since her parents
were strict, she never had the chance to leave the house alone.
She didn’t expect to meet him there. It was a pleasant surprise!
###Chapter 924 by Marina Vittori
“I’ve been here for a while now But I’ve been quite busy and haven’t had the chance to visit General Murray.”
Dustin smiled and changed the subject, “By the way, how are you recovering? Do you still feel unwell?” Polarfrost was an extremely rare disease. It was hard to get rid of it entirely.
His method of using a fiery beetle to suppress it could only ensure Sheila’s safety for the next ten years
After ten years, unless she found a rare treasure to save her, she would die.
“I’m doing great! I’ve been eating well too.” Sheila smiled.
“Of course, it’s all thanks to you. I would have been long gone if it wasn’t for you.”
“No need to mention it. Solving people’s problems and getting paid is what I’m supposed to do,” Dustin replied with a smile.
“Sheila, who’s this? Why don’t you introduce him to us?” a woman in red beside Sheila asked.
“Ah, I almost forgot.” Sheila was quick to catch on.
“Vivian, this is Dustin. The one I’ve talked about. He’s the one who cured me of my strange illness!
As she spoke, her head was tilted up slightly. She looked slightly proud.
“Oh… So you’re that guy Sheila often talks about?” Vivian gave him a once–over. She looked at him
with a slight disdain.
Dustin wasn’t bad–looking, but he dressed like a country bumpkin. Both of them were clearly fron
different worlds.
She didn’t understand how an ordinary guy like Dustin won Sheila’s heart.
Was it because he was good–looking? She had a bland taste if that were the case.
“Dustin, have you eaten? Do you want to join us?” Sheila asked first.
“Oh, I just ate,” Dustin replied.
“Huh?” Sheila’s smile stiffened.
She found another excuse. “If you don’t want to eat, why don’t you sit down and have something drink? It just so happens that I need your advice about medical stuff.”
She looked at him expectantly, eagerly awaiting his response.
“Alright then.” Dustin hesitated for a moment before nodding.
Sheila was too innocent. He was afraid of making her cry if he rejected her again.
“That’s great! Dustin, please come this way!”
Sheila lit up instantly and pulled him by the arm.
one ieu miin IMU A JUXOTious privae JUUNI There vitje mijeaty severdi propie ser
The one seated in the middle was a well–dressed man with a dignified appearance Though he looked no older than thirty, he had deep, profound eyes.
Radiating a commanding aura, he carried a natural tegal presence. He stood out just by sitting there, like a main character from a story
“Sheila, who’s this next to you? How come I’ve never seen him before?”
The well–dressed man stood up and scrutinized Dustin His gaze carried a hint of hostility
The intimacy between Sheila and Dustin bothered him.
“Evan, this is Dustin Rhys. He has remarkable medical skills. It’s thanks to him that I’ve recovered
from my illness.”
Sheila wasted no time with the introductions.
“Is that so?” Evan narrowed his eyes and put on a fake smile.
“Well, since he’s your friend, please have a seat.”
“Dustin, please, sit.” Sheila pulled out a chair for Dustin and positioned it behind him.
Many around them frowned at her behavior. When had the distinguished young lady of the
Murray family ever shown such humility?
Wasn’t that guy just a doctor?
In normal circumstances, he wouldn’t even be worthy of their attention. They all came from. privileged backgrounds, after all.
They were either wealthy children of prestigious families or high–ranking officials. None of them were ordinary citizens.
How could a mere doctor find himself in their exclusive circle?
“Doctor Rhys, was it? May I ask about your alma mater? Harvard or Yale?”
###Chapter 925 by Marina Vittori
Just then, a treacherous–looking young man spoke out “Neither Dustin shook his head. “Oh? Are you from some backwater university?” The young man snickered.
The rest of the group looked on amusingly. They were ready to witness a spectacle. “I’ve never gone to university,” Dustin replied. “What? You’ve never even gone to university?”
The young man replied with an exaggerated expression, “Bro, are you joking? How can you be a doctor without a degree?”
“I practice traditional medicine. I grew up in that environment, so I acquired the skills naturally.* Dustin remained unfazed.
“Traditional medicine?” The young man froze before bursting out in laughter.
“Bro, you’re joking, right? Traditional medicine? That’s just another name for a swindler in the
martial arts world.”
“Hah! Who believes in traditional medicine these days? Those who do are fools!”
“You can’t say that. Those old folks who frequent the parks are totally into it. There sure are those who fall for it.”
At that moment, laughter erupted from the group. Their tones were laced with sarcasm.
Having received their education in Streuqua from a young age, they despised traditional medicine
“Sheila, are you sure he’s the one who saved you? Were you lied to?” Vivian fanned the flames.
“That’s impossible! Dustin is not a liar. He really has amazing skills!” Sheila argued.
“He has amazing skills? Hah… I don’t believe it.”
The young man grinned and said with a disdainful gaze. “Aren’t you a traditional medicine. practitioner? Let’s see if you can figure out what’s wrong with me.
“There’s a reward if you guess right!” As he spoke, he extended an arm, looking expectant.
Dustin gave him a quick once–over. He said impassively,” Have you been feeling cold lately? You’ve also been sweating more than usual and experiencing back pain.”
“Huh?”
The young man frowned. “How did you know that?”
His body had indeed been feeling strange lately.
“I noticed that your gaze is dull. You’re also experiencing shortness of breath, and your complexion is pale.
“Along with the other symptoms, you probably have weak kidneys. That leads to sexual
“Bullshit” The young man was furious when he heard Dustin
I’m fine! I can do it seven times a day, no problem
Men hated it when they were told they couldn’t perform well
“Not only that, you have STD I’d advise you to get checked at the hospital. If you don’t go soon, you might lose your buddy,” Dustin warned.
“Y–You You’re spouting nonsense!” His fury reached its peak.
“If you speak any more crap, I’ll beat the shit out of you!”
Saying he was bad in bed was one thing, but now he was accusing him of having STDs?
If word got out, how would he face anyone ever again?
“Hmph! What a load of crap!”
Vivian pursed her lips in disdain. “Do you think you’re God? How can you know what illness someone has by just one look?”
“Dustin, your claims have something to do with a man’s reputation and dignity. You better watch your words.
“Otherwise, you might get a beating,” Evan warned as he glared at Dustin.
“That’s right! You say I’m sick, then show me the evidence! If you can’t prove it, today won’t end well for you!” the treacherous–looking young man threatened aggressively.
“You want evidence? That’s simple.” Dustin raised an eyebrow and pointed at his abdomen.
“Press about three inches below your navel, two inches to the left from the midline. Then press one inch above your navel, along the midline.”
“Hmph! Let’s see what tricks you’re getting at!” The young man followed Dustin’s steps defiantly He pressed the two points on his abdomen.
After he was done, he lifted his head arrogantly and said, “I did it. Now what? I don’t feel anything What does it prove? You’re nothing but a swindler!”
As soon as he finished speaking, they suddenly heard the sound of water dripping.
Everyone looked down to find that the young man’s crotch, at some point, had become wet. Yellow liquid was dripping non–stop from the end of his trousers.
He had lost control of his bladder!
###Chapter 926 by Marina Vittori
Everyone in the private room was stunned as they looked at the floor covered in yellow piss Their mouths hung open in astonishment and disbelief.
The young man, in particular, stood frozen, his face drained of color. He couldn’t believe he had lost control of his bladder by just pressing two points!
The most embarrassing part was that people were staring at him. 
“Ah-!” After a brief moment of shock, the young man screamed.
He fled the room, clutching his crotch. Every step he took left a piss–stained footprint.
The others looked on with strange expressions, the corners of their eyes twitching.
It wasn’t just embarrassing for him; it was utterly mortifying.
“Dustin! What exactly did you do to Jake to make him that way?” Vivian snapped. She rose from
her seat.
How dare a mere country doctor humiliate a scion of a prestigious family? It was nothing short of
-a horrible offense.
“I told you, he has weak kidneys. But you wouldn’t believe it. You insisted on proof, so there you
go. He really has weak kidneys.”
“You…” Vivian was rendered speechless.
They just wanted to make things difficult for Dustin and embarrass him. Who knew that it would
backfire on one of them instead?
“Hmph! You used unusual methods to trick us!” Evan’s gaze was hostile.
Jake was his friend. It was natural for him to be upset that Jake had been humiliated.
“What? You don’t believe me either? Why don’t I give you a check–up next?” Dustin turned his
attention to Evan.
Evan instinctively recoiled. What happened to Jake was still fresh in his mind.
Although he didn’t know how Dustin did it, he wouldn’t take the risk himself.
“I don’t believe it! Diagnose me next if you have the guts!”
Vivian was defiant. She placed her arm on the table in a challenge to Dustin.
She never believed in traditional medicine, especially Dustin’s ability to diagnose them with a
quick glance. Plainly speaking, it was just a shady trick.
“Your condition is worse.”
Dustin observed her carefully and said, “Your breathing is uneven and abnormal. You’re easily irritable and seem mentally fatigued. If I’m not mistaken, you should be having issues with yo lungs.”
“Get to the point. What’s wrong with my lungs? Why don’t I feel anything?”
Vivian Boy 101 more montanon alle was ueterin
w expose is travu tudy
“You have lung cancer,” Dustin answered bluntly
“Lung cancer Hah! What a load of crap!” Vivian snorted in disdain.
“I don’t smoke. How can I have lung cancer? Before you make up a lie, at least make sure you come up with a more believable excuse!”
“That’s right! Vivian has always taken care of her health. She gets a full body check–up every six months. There’s no way she’s sick. Stop scaring people with your lies!”
“Traditional medicine? Please, it’s clearly a scam. You got exposed so quickly!”
Everyone looked at him in disdain. All of them knew that Vivian went for medical examinations
regularly.
If she had any illnesses, it would have been discovered long ago.
“Not smoking doesn’t mean you won’t get lung cancer. You could have inhaled toxic gasses, or it could even be a genetic predisposition.”
Dustin remained unfazed. “A word of advice. It’d be best if you get checked out at the hospital sooner. Otherwise, you might regret it when it’s too late.”
“Hah! Did you really think I’m going to believe your nonsense? Do you think you’re some miracle
doctor?” Vivian sneered.
How dare a country bumpkin who hadn’t even attended university show off in front of her? “Suit yourself.” Dustin stopped talking and sipped his tea
###Chapter 927 by Marina Vittori
Dustin couldn’t be bothered with a smug know–it–all like Vivian “What’s the matter? Cat got your tongue now that you’re feeling guilty? I knew it!”
Vivian sneered with disdain. Tve seen plenty of scammers like you in the martial arts world You may be able to fool Sheila, but you won’t fool me!”
“Vivian, Dustin isn’t a scammer. I believe him!” Sheila spoke up for Dustin.
“Sheila, you’re a good person, but you’re just too naive and easily fooled. You should be especially careful with those with unclear backgrounds.
As Vivian spoke, she glanced at Dustin, clearly implying something.
To her, Dustin was no different than the pretty–faced boys who used to pursue Sheila. They tried their best to please her, aiming to climb up the social ladder and gain a foothold in upper society.
Fortunately, Vivian was sharp enough to see through all the tricks.
“Vivian, you got it all wrong. Dustin is a good man.” Sheila’s brow furrowed lightly.
It suddenly occurred to her that her friends were hostile toward Dustin.
“Alright, Sheila, it’s getting late. I need to get going. Goodbye.” After finishing his tea, Dustin stood. up and excused himself politely.
It was just a chance meeting anyway. There was no need to associate himself with these people
“Dustin…” Sheila got anxious and stood up. But she didn’t know what to say.
“Sheila, don’t mind me. Enjoy the rest of your meal. I’ll visit General Murray another day.” Dustin smiled and walked out of the room.
“Dust-” Sheila wanted to run after him, but Vivian grabbed her.
Vivian reasoned with her, “Sheila, what are you doing? He’s nothing but a scammer. Let him go He’ll only ruin our meal if he stays.”
“I won’t let you talk about him that way!” Sheila puffed up her cheeks, looking slightly pissed.
“Alright, alright. I won’t talk about him like that if you don’t like it.” Vivian was helpless.
She followed up with a question. “Let me ask you, do you like that brat?”
“Huh?” Sheila’s face flushed red.
She stammered, “N–No way! Dustin is my savior. I just want to repay the favor.”
Although vehemently denied it, her shy expression had made her feelings clear.
Evan took in her reaction with a frown. His gaze turned dark.
“Sheila, it’s alright if you want to repay the favor. But you had better not fall in love with him,” Vivian warned.
“Why not?” Sheila was taken aback.
Dont you yet it to TWO UMITE 110m umerem vakgrounus Toucanievel ve woyeurer.
Vivian was solemn “As the heiress of the Murray family, you stand high above the clouds.
“That brat is just a country doctor with a presence as insignificant as an ant. He’s not worthy of you
“It’s not an exaggeration to describe you two like the princess and the pauper. Even if you don’t look down on him, he’ll never be able to find a place in our circle with his status
“This is reality, and there is nothing you can do about it. For your sake and his, it’s best that you don’t talk to him anymore.”
Sheila fell silent upon hearing her words. She hung her head, seemingly deep in thought.
“Alright, that’s enough. Stop it with the depressing talk. Let’s eat.”
Evan tried to mend the situation when he noticed Sheila’s bad mood. It was a chance to gain some brownie points.
“Fine, I won’t talk about it anymore. Let’s drink.” Vivian smiled and raised her glass, clinking it with the others.
Just as she was about to drink it, Dustin suddenly returned. Without a word, he slapped her hand, knocking the glass to the ground.
It shattered loudly.
###Chapter 928 by Marina Vittori
Looking at the broken glass on the floor, everyone was stunned. Nobody expected Dustin to return and knock the glass out of Vivian’s hands without a word.
“Hey! What are you doing? Are you crazy?” After a brief moment of shock, Vivian slammed the table as she stood up. The slap had left the back of her hand swollen and burning in pain. “Outrageous! How dare you offend Vivian like that? You have nerves of steel!”
The others berated Dustin in righteous anger. “If you don’t explain yourself, I’m afraid you won’t be able to walk out that door.” Evan stood up slowly, his domineering aura gradually showing itself.
“The wine was poisoned. I was saving your lives,” Dustin responded coldly.
“Poisoned?”
They all exchanged dismayed looks, feeling doubtful. They had assumed Dustin acted out in revenge, but his revelation caught them off guard.
“Hah! Am I supposed to just take your word for it? How do we know you’re not lying?” Vivian yelled
She was naturally suspicious and wouldn’t believe him easily.
Dustin immediately took out a silver needle and dipped it in Sheila’s glass. After stirring it briefly and taking it out of the glass, the silver needle turned completely black.
“Does this prove it?”
Dustin placed the blackened needle under the light, displaying it to everyone.
“Huh?” Vivian was startled and felt frightened.
A blackened silver needle meant that the wine was laced with deadly poison. If she had drunk i her fate would have been grim.
“What the fuck? It really was poisoned? Who the hell is responsible for this?”
“Holy shit! Good thing I didn’t drink it. Otherwise, I would have been a dead man!”
“Who dared poison us? They must be asking for death!”
After the initial shock, the crowd was now filled with anger. Since it was a matter that concerne
their lives, they naturally wouldn’t let it slide.
“Dustin, thank God you were around. Otherwise, all of us would have been poisoned.” Sheila gulped, still shaken.
“It was nothing.” Dustin shook his head.
He couldn’t just stand by and do nothing for Sheila’s sake.
“Hold up! How did you know the wine was poisoned?”
VIVIGI Seenie to have realizeu someining and tumeu suspicious. tou qui unik tannien, diju you didn’t test it either. How were you so certain?”
Because of her words, the others turned their attention to Dustin They also wondered how Dustin could have known the wine was poisoned.
“A waiter was acting suspiciously by the door earlier. I asked him a few questions, but he ended up running away. And he even dropped this.”
As Dustin spoke, he placed a vial of poison on the table. It was precisely because he sensed something amiss that he had returned.
“A suspicious waiter? Where is he now?” Vivian narrowed her eyes.
“He fled,” Dustin replied honestly.
“He fled? Hah! You let him go on purpose, didn’t you?” Vivian sneered.
“What do you mean by that?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“Stop the act! I’ve seen through you.”
Vivian’s tone was hostile. “What poison? It’s all fake! From what I can tell, it’s clearly a play you’ve orchestrated yourself!”
###Chapter 929 by Marina Vittori
“Vivian, what are you talking about? Dustin saved us!” Sheila was dumbfounded.
“Sheila, don’t be fooled by him. This guy has ulterior motives!”
Vivian smugly explained, “He was the one who poisoned our drinks! He made a show of leaving before returning at a critical moment to play the hero.
“He did all that to earn our trust! But these tricks won’t fool me!”
Vivian’s explanation cast a shadow of doubt in everyone’s minds. What she said did seem possible After all, they would rather trust Vivian than a stranger.
“Hey, are you that full of yourself? I’m not that desperate for entertainment to play these petty games with you,” Dustin replied coldly.
He had been kind enough to help them, but he didn’t expect this woman to be so ungrateful!
“Hmph! You still won’t admit it? Fine!” Vivian said.
She continued, “Then let me ask you. How did you just so happen to bump into that waiter and, just so happen to pick up this vial of poison?
“Don’t tell me these are all just coincidences.” Vivian’s expression grew dark.
“You guessed it right. It was a coincidence.” Dustin nodded.
“Hah, did everyone hear that? This guy can’t even find another excuse. He’s already shown his
true colors,” Vivian sneered.
“Other than that, the biggest giveaway is your silver needle. Who in their right mind would carry : silver needle with them outside? It’s clear that you had planned this!”
As she spoke, realization hit the crowd.
“That’s right! How could such a convenient coincidence happen? This brat is definitely suspiciou
“After all that, it turns out that he was the one who poisoned us. I can’t believe I thought of him a our savior. It’s true that we can’t judge a book by its cover!”
“Thank God Vivian was smart. Otherwise, we would have all been fooled!”
“That bastard dared to play such tricks with us? He must be seeking death!”
At that moment, everyone looked at Dustin with hostility. The initial gratitude they felt had no turned into anger and resentment.
“Dustin, you didn’t expect me to see through you so quickly, did you? Do you have anything left
say?”
Vivian crossed her arms, looking proud of herself. It was as though she had cracked an importa
case.
“How ignorant.” Dustin shook his head.
Dye
Dustin turned around to leave. He didn’t want to waste his time with them any longer.
“Hold on” Vivian stood in his way and raised her voice
“You poisoned us Did you think you could just walk away like nothing happened? Did you think we would let you go easily?”
“Brat‘ Get down on your knees and surrender immediately, or don’t blame us for being ruthless“”
Several of them started clamoring. Their gazes were hostile, like they were ready to attack at any
moment.
“What’s this? You’re going to repay kindness with violence?”
Dustin glanced around, his gaze turning cold. If they wanted to start a fight, he wouldn’t mind giving them a lesson.
“Dustin, you can’t afford to offend us!” Vivian threatened him.
“I’m giving you a chance. Apologize immediately and admit to your crimes. That way, you might just be able to live.”
“Idiot,” Dustin spat out coldly.
“What?” Vivian’s expression turned dark.
“How dare you insult me? You’re asking for it! Catch him!”
“Right away!” A few of them answered and were ready to start a fight.
However, right at that moment, the situation changed drastically. A loud gunshot rang out, shocking the entire room.
A bullet had shot out, piercing right through Vivian’s chest. Blood splattered against the wall, creating a mesmerizing display of crimson blossoms.
###Chapter 930 by Marina Vittori
“What?” The unexpected turn of events startled everyone. It was especially shocking for Vivian, who was left dumbfounded.
She looked down to see the bleeding wound on her chest. Her face showed a mixture of shock, astonishment, confusion, fear, and disbelief. She never expected to get shot. It happened so fast and without any warning. 
She was in a daze. Then, she suddenly screamed and fell to the ground. The situation had finally hit her. “Assassins! Get down!” Evan was the first to react and shouted out loud.
The others snapped out of their daze. They were quick to take cover on the ground.
Meanwhile, several masked assassins burst into the room. They had kicked the door open. Each of them wielded a silenced pistol.
Upon entering, they opened fire without mercy, shooting anyone they saw. Amidst the rapid gunfire, two people were struck down.
“Damn it!”
Evan got angry. Instead of retreating, he kicked a table over. It crashed into several of the
assassins
Taking advantage of their confusion, he lunged at them. He gripped two assassins by their necks and squeezed.
With two sharp cracking sounds, the two assassins went limp and fell to the ground.
After dealing with the first pair, Evan launched another attack. His fists were like thunder, striking with unbelievable speed and force.
It was incredibly impressive to watch each blow strike like a cannonball.
With a series of dull thuds, the remaining assassins were hit in the chest. Before they could ever
react, they had dropped dead on the spot.
Everything happened in a flash. In just a few minutes, Evan dealt with all the assassins. His incredible skills left everyone in awe.
“What a bunch of trash,” Evan sneered.
He picked up a tablecloth from the ground and cleaned the blood from his hands.
Such an impressive display of skills immediately earned him cheers and applause.
“As expected of Evan, he’s incredible!”
“Of course he is! Evan is the direct descendant of the Derlin family. He is also a member of the Celestial Alliance. It’s a given he’s so powerful!”
Sure you uusi i urejeve me, juiyei mURIT EL CAMISrej me never navung teen neie bye
Dustin turned around to leave. He didn’t want to waste his time with them any longer
“Hold on‘” Vivian stood in his way and raised her voice
“You poisoned us Did you think you could just walk away like nothing happened? Did you think. we would let you go easily?”
“Brat‘ Get down on your knees and surrender immediately, or don’t blame us for being ruthless!”
Several of them started clamoring. Their gazes were hostile, like they were ready to attack at any
moment.
“What’s this? You’re going to repay kindness with violence?”
Dustin glanced around, his gaze turning cold. If they wanted to start a fight, he wouldn’t mind giving them a lesson.
“Dustin, you can’t afford to offend us!” Vivian threatened him.
“I’m giving you a chance. Apologize immediately and admit to your crimes. That way, you might just be able to live.”
“Idiot,” Dustin spat out coldly.
“What?” Vivian’s expression turned dark.
“How dare you insult me? You’re asking for it! Catch him!”
“Right away!” A few of them answered and were ready to start a fight.
However, right at that moment, the situation changed drastically. A loud gunshot rang out, shocking the entire room.
A bullet had shot out, piercing right through Vivian’s chest. Blood splattered against the wall, creating a mesmerizing display of crimson blossoms.
###Chapter 931 by Marina Vittori
“Simba? What the fuck is a Simba?”
“Whoever you are, you’re going to die today since you’ve met Evan!”
Several young men and women started shouting.
They had seen Evan’s performance just moments ago. They watched how he took down several armed assassins in an instant. What more was a weaponless fighter?
“This person is clearly a martial artist built on strength. I have to catch him off guard and end the fight as soon as possible.”
Evan gave him a quick once over and made a decision.
He bent his knees slightly, slowly gathering momentum. Then, pushing down with his feet, he propelled himself forward like a bullet. He launched with tremendous power.
“Thunder Strike!” Evan shouted.
Internal energy surged through his body. Then, he threw a powerful punch straight at Simba.
A faint explosion echoed as Evan’s iron fist heavily struck Simba’s abdomen.
However, Simba didn’t react. He stood like a mountain, unflinching. He showed no signs of injuries.
“Is that all?” Simba crossed his arms. He looked down at Evan arrogantly.
A smirk played on his lips. “Are you trying to scratch my itch?”
“Huh?”
Evan froze in place. His eyes widened with disbelief.
He had put all his strength into that strike. How did it not hurt him at all? Impossible!
“You’re too weak,” Simba shook his head.
He grabbed Evan by the neck and lifted him off the ground with brute strength.
“Ugh…” Evan couldn’t breathe. As his feet hung in the air, his face flushed red.
He began to struggle frantically, but it was futile. He was like a defenseless lamb awaiting its fate.
“What?”
The group’s expressions changed dramatically as they watched on. Their earlier arrogance was replaced with terror.
No one expected the powerful Evan to be completely powerless against the muscular man. It was truly terrifying!
“You son of bitch! Release Evan right now!”
Seeing Evan in danger, Sheila picked up a knife and rushed forward.
With a sharp clang, she stabbed the knife into Simba. But it didn’t even graze his skin.
Go to me a suster quyil.
His enormous palm aimed to strike Sheila’s head.
“Sheila‘ Watch out!” the group shouted in shock.
However, Sheila had been paralyzed with fear. She stood frozen, unable to react
Just as everyone thought she was as good as dead, a hand grabbed Simba’s wrist.
“She’s off limits,” Dustin calmly stated as he held onto Simba.
“You dare stop me?” Simba’s gaze grew cold.
“Don’t make me fight you, or you will end up dying a horrific death,” Dustin replied stoically.
Upon hearing this, everyone was stunned.
“What the heck? Is this guy trying to get himself killed? How can he be so arrogant?”
“Even Evan can’t handle Simba. This brat is on a suicide mission.”
The remaining group whispered among themselves. They looked at Dustin as if he were a corpse.
“What trash! Go to hell!” Simba was furious.
He threw Evan aside and aimed a punch at Dustin’s forehead. But Dustin remained unfazed and threw a punch as well.
As two different–sized fists collided, a loud explosion rang out.
Simba’s arm exploded upon impact, and he was sent flying. He crashed through a wall and fell
from the second floor.
The situation left everyone stunned.
###Chapter 932 by Marina Vittori
“What As they watched Simba being sent flying, a stunned silence fell over everyone. Their eyes widened in disbelief Some of them even doubted their eyes. Simba was over two meters tall. He had a massive figure and a muscular physique, just like a mountain.
Meanwhile, Dustin looked thin and fragile. It was as if a gust of wind could blow him away Under normal circumstances, Simba should have been the winner. After all, they had a clear difference in size. So, how did the situation reverse so suddenly?
“What the fuck? Who the hell is this guy? How is he so strong?”
The group exchanged shocked looks. Not even Evan could rival Simba, so how could this country
doctor have defeated him?
“Dustin, you’re amazing!” After a brief shock, Sheila immediately cheered.
If it weren’t for Dustin intervening, she might not have survived.
“Don’t be that impulsive next time. Your first priority should be your own safety in a situation like this,” Dustin warned.
This woman was willing to risk her life to save her friends. She was truly foolish.
“Got it!” Sheila smiled sweetly in response.
Since Dustin had saved her again, she was determined to repay him well.
“You you’re actually a divine–level martial artist?”
Evan got up from the ground. He looked surprised.
He considered himself a capable martial artist. Still, he was only a high–level martial artist.
He couldn’t believe the plain–looking man before him was a martial arts expert.
“That doesn’t seem to concern you.” Dustin cast him a sidelong glance, his expression cold
“You…” The corner of Evan’s lips twitched. But he swallowed his words.
God damn it! What was he showing off for? He was just a divine–level martial artist. He was essentially just a fighter.
The Derlin family is influential. A grandmaster showed them some respect, let alone a divine-
level martial artist.
“Cut the crap and call an ambulance!” Right then, Vivian, who had fallen after being shot, shouted
Although the bullet had pierced her chest, she was lucky it missed her heart. She wouldn’t die immediately.
“Hang in there, Vivian. I’ll call for help right now!” Sheila returned to her senses and dialed for
Aside from Vivian, two others had also fallen victim to stray bullets
“Let me attend to them”
Dustin approached one of the injured men and assessed his condition
The man had been shot twice, and he had lost a significant amount of blood. It was clear that he wouldn’t be able to hold on for much longer
“Hey! Are you even qualified to be doing this? This is a matter of life and death” Evan asked
“If I can’t do it, are you going to treat him instead?” Dustin fired back.
“I” Evan fell silent.
“Shut it if you can’t contribute.”
Dustin wasted no time and pulled out a silver needle. He sealed off several acupoints near the
man’s wound
In no time, the bleeding stopped.
The sight left the group amazed. Although it was hard to believe, they had to admit that traditional medicine did work.
“Sheila, please bandage him up for me.”
With his instructions given, he went over to the other wounded man.
“Me! Save me first!” Before Dustin could insert a needle, Vivian immediately cried out. Panic and fear filled her eyes.
“I’m just a scammer in the martial arts world. I can’t treat you. You’re better off praying for a miracle,” Dustin replied impassively.
“No, no, you’re not a scammer. You’re a miracle doctor. Please save me first. My injuries are worse * Vivian’s expression scrunched miserably.
In the face of death, she had no choice but to set aside her pride. At least, she could tell earlier that Dustin did have some genuine skills.
“You seem quite energetic to me. You won’t die for the time being. Hang in there for a little longer. After he spoke, Dustin took out his silver needle and proceeded to treat the other man’s injuries.
###Chapter 933 by Marina Vittori
“You!” While Vivian seethed in anger, there was nothing she could do. She could only endure int silence.
She could only pray that Dustin would work faster. She sensed that she was losing blood, and her body was growing weaker.
Three minutes later, Dustin finally finished treating the second man. As long as the bleeding was stopped, he wouldn’t die immediately.
“It should be my turn now, right? Hurry up and start treating me!” Vivian was getting impatient. She rushed Dustin repeatedly.
Yet Dustin appeared completely at ease. He didn’t feel any sense of urgency. He wiped his hands. and stretched lazily before leisurely sipping on a cup of tea.
“Hey! What are you doing? Help me stop the bleeding!”
“Vivian was on the verge of losing her temper. She was nearly drained of blood. How could he be in the mood to enjoy his tea?
“Why the rush? It’s not like you’re dying.” Dustin glanced at her, still unmoved.
“What do you mean I’m not dying? Don’t you see that I was shot? Where’s your humanity? Save me!
Vivian was anxious.
As she got more agitated, blood pooled faster. She was so shocked that she took a few deep breaths to calm herself down.
“Is this how you ask for a favor?” Dustin continued sipping on his tea leisurely.
“Rhys! Don’t push it too far when I’m being nice!” Vivian seethed in anger, gritting her teeth.
She was the heiress of the Willow family. She was always placed on a pedestal wherever she went.
How dare a mere country doctor show off in front of her? It was a terrible offense!
“Since you’re not sincere, forget about it. Bye.”
Dustin couldn’t bother with her any longer. After finishing his tea in one gulp, he stood up and left.
“Wait! Wait… Miracle Doctor! Miracle Doctor Rhys! I was wrong!
“I chose the wrong words and have offended you. Please, doctor, save me!”
Vivian gave in immediately when she saw the situation taking a turn for the worse. Her survival instinct was in full gear.
“Dustin, Vivian seems to be in bad shape. Can you please save her?” Sheila chimed in.
“Fine, I’ll help her this once for your sake.” Dustin nodded.
“Thank you, Doctor Rhys! Thank you very much!” Vivian’s expression brightened.
However, a glint of resentment flashed through her eyes. Once she got through this, she would definitely seek revenge.
wait joi me a moment, Dustiti Saiu Deivre leaving the rooQIII.
After a few minutes, he returned with a box of medical supplies.
“Here, just stick this on the wound.” Dustin tossed the medical supplies to Vivian’s feet.
“What is this?”
Curiously, Vivian opened up the box and was immediately dumbfounded.
Dustin had tossed her a box of band–aids!
“D–Doctor Rhys, is this a joke?” Vivian widened her eyes in disbelief.
“I have a gunshot wound–a gunshot wound! What the hell can this do?”
“What do you mean? J&J Band–Aids can stop bleeding, disinfect, and even provide pain relief. There is nothing better than that to help with your injuries,” Dustin said seriously.
Vivian was speechless. Her eyes twitched uncontrollably, and her body trembled.
Seriously? Who the hell would treat a gunshot wound with a band–aid? Could he please show some respect?
“Sheila, she can’t seem to move freely. Why don’t you help her? Don’t forget to stick it both on the front and the back.
“As for whether she can survive, that would depend on her luck. I have other things to attend to, so I’ll take my leave now.”
With that, Dustin left without looking back.
As soon as he walked out the doors, he heard a shrill scream.
“Rhys! You’re my enemy from now on.”
###Chapter 934 by Marina Vittori
The night grew deeper. It was particularly quiet at Auspicious Restaurant. The place wasn’t as lively as in the morning.
One reason was its secluded location, and the other was because it didn’t operate at night.” Suddenly, a muscular figure jumped over the walls. He skillfully went through the restaurant.
The figure was headed to a private room on the second floor. When he arrived at the door, he gave it a light knock. “Come in.” A dignified voice came from inside the pitch–black room.
The figure opened the door cautiously. He immediately dropped to his knees when he got inside. Speaking toward a folding screen, he announced his arrival. “I’m here, sir.”
“You got injured?” The voice spoke again from behind the folding screen.
“I failed my mission. I encountered a powerful opponent and almost lost my life.”
Simba lowered his head. His expression was filled with fear and respect.
Blood was dripping from his wounded arm onto the ground. It sounded jarring in the silent night.
“You actually dared to return after you failed?” The voice turned cold. It carried a chilling undertone that crept into the air.
“Sir, please give me another chance. I promise I will complete my mission!” Simba trembled in fear and broke out in cold sweat.
“You damned fool! Didn’t you notice you’ve been tailed?” the voice shouted.
“A tail?”
Simba looked around and said, “Impossible! I was careful the entire way here. Nobody could have noticed me!
“Dear friend, since you’re already here, there’s no need to hide.” The voice behind the screen grew louder.
As soon as his words fell, they heard the faint sound of footsteps echoing in the corridor. Following closely, Dustin entered, looking indifferent.
“It’s you?” Simba’s expression changed. He took a few steps back in fear and almost stumbled.
He never expected to be followed.
As an accomplished assassin, he had undergone rigorous training since young. He was also one of the best at countering surveillance.
Dustin must be a ghost to have been able to tail him without a sound.
“It’s impressive that you noticed me this quickly.” Dustin ignored Simba. His gaze was fixed on the screen.
ne coulike out a couvy man seated ven however, it was too ai to uisce is reatures.
“It’s even more remarkable that you were able to come within ten feet of me.” The plump man remained unmoved.
“Sir! This is the guy who ruined my mission!” Simba revealed.
“You useless trash, get out!” the chubby man shouted.
“Yes, sir…” Simba shrunk back slightly. Without another word, he excused himself.
Dustin ignored him, allowing him to leave as he pleased.
“Sir, do I have the pleasure of talking face–to–face?” Dustin spoke again.
“Of course.” The chubby man waved. The lights turned on, and the folding screen was brought down.
The moment their gazes met, the both of them were stunned.
###Chapter 935 by Marina Vittori
“Mr. Rhys?” “Mr. Franklin?” Dustin was surprised to see the chubby man before him. He realized that Simba’s envoy was Samuel Franklin. He was the person who sold the Jade Maiden Scripture.
“Mr. Rhys, I didn’t expect fate to lead us to meet under these circumstances,” Samuel said with a smile.
His previous cold and chilling demeanor returned to one of gentleness. He appeared harmless and friendly.. “Mr. Franklin, you have quite the identity.” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“I’ve heard that the Bounty Killers have three chief envoys. Each of them is known for their incredible power and abilities. I didn’t expect you to be one of them.”
“I’m just making a living. It’s nothing worth mentioning.” Samuel smiled and made a gesture.
“Mr. Rhys, please have a seat.”
Dustin didn’t hesitate and took a seat.
“Mr. Rhys, I’m impressed by your victory over Augustus Kline. Your reputation as a young grandmaster has shaken the world.”
Samuel brewed a pot of tea and poured it into two cups.
“Mr. Franklin, you’re very well–informed. You’ve heard about what happened in no time.” Dustin took a sip of tea.
Samuel laughed. “If I had remained oblivious to such a shocking event, I might as well retire from
my role as an envoy.”
His smile was unwavering.
“Mr. Franklin, I’ll get straight to the point. Was Sheila your target today?” Dustin looked up at him. slightly.
He had been tailing Simba to search for the truth.
Christopher Murray was an old friend of his mother’s. He had also helped him out on two occasions in the past.
Moreover, considering Sheila’s kindness, he felt he should involve himself in this matter.
“That’s right.” Franklin didn’t deny it.
“Solving people’s troubles and getting paid is the Bounty Killer’s code.”
“Can you cancel the mission?” Dustin inquired.
“No, unless the employer chooses to withdraw it themselves.” Samuel shook his head.
wine is the employer? Dusulaskeu dydi
“That is classified information. I can’t tell you,” Samuel continued to shake his head.
“Mr. Franklin, you keep withholding information. Are you forcing me to flip this table?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“Mr. Rhys, please stay calm. The Bounty Killers has its own set of rules. Disclosing the identity of the employer is strictly forbidden. However…”
At that moment, Samuel changed his tone.
“While I can’t reveal the employer’s identity, I can offer you another piece of information. I believe
it’ll catch your interest.”
“What kind of information?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“I have a lead on Paul Hill’s death,” Samuel dropped a bombshell
“Hmm?”
Dustin’s gaze hardened. “You know who the killer is?”
Paul Hill’s death had put him under tremendous pressure for the past few days. Even when he had mobilized everyone in the Kirin Gang, he could not find a single lead.
“While I can’t say for sure, I do have some information.” Samuel chuckled.
“Who is it? Who exactly had Sir Paul killed?” Dustin asked in a low voice.
“Paul Hill’s death has something to do with the Shadowslayers from Kimboku.”
Samuel explained, “According to our investigation, one of Shadowslayer’s five elite assassins, Dimitri Gonzalez, has infiltrated Dragonmarsh recently.
“He’s been active around Balerno too. Paul Hill’s death likely has something to do with him.”
“Is this Dimitri Gonzalez that good?” Dustin frowned.
“As an elite assassin, he’s indeed powerful. He has already reached the level of a grandmaster five years ago,” Samuel explained.
“This doesn’t make sense! If we go by what you’re saying, Dimitri alone wouldn’t stand a chance against Sir Paul!” Dustin’s expression turned serious.
Dimitri had only broken through the level of a grandmaster five years ago.
Normally, Dimitri’s skills should only be between that of a novice grandmaster and an intermediate grandmaster. In contrast, Paul Hill was already a full–fledged grandmaster!
It would be difficult for him to succeed in an ambush or an assassination attempt.
“Mr. Rhys, you’re very sharp. It’s truly remarkable.” Samuel smiled.
“Indeed, Dimitri couldn’t have done it himself. However, there is a traitor within the Hill family.”
“A traitor?” Dustin’s brow furrowed.
He almost yelled, “Who?”
###Chapter 936 by Marina Vittori
“This traitor has been very good at hiding himself. There haven’t been any slip–ups so far.” Samuel shook his head.
He continued, “One thing for sure, they hold significant influence within the Hill family. They’re either one of the Hill brethren or someone from the main family.”
The Hill brethren consisted of Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter. They were also Paul Hill’s
four sons.
Each one held substantial resources and had ambitious goals. They were also smart in politics.
“You might as well not have said anything.” Dustin frowned.
“There are so many people in the Hill family. How could I find a traitor in such a short time?”
He had his suspicions before. But he couldn’t find any concrete evidence.
“Relax, Mr. Rhys. It isn’t exactly hard to find out who the traitor is. However, you would have to take a little risk.” Samuel smiled meaningfully.
Oh? Do you have a plan, Mr. Franklin?” Dustin was interested.
“It isn’t exactly a brilliant plan. It’s just a matter of using bait.”
Samuel dipped his index finger into his tea. Then, he made a few marks on the table.
After reading them, Dustin nodded in contemplation.
“That seems like a plan, but I wonder if it will work.
“Just do your best and leave the rest to destiny,” Samuel said.
“Thank you for your advice, Mr. Franklin ” Dustin nodded thoughtfully.
He asked. “How much is this information worth?”
“It’s free. Let’s consider it the start of our friendship,” Samuel replied with a friendly smile.
“It’s not easy to become my friend. I’ll consider you one if you tell me who is behind Sheila’s bounty.” Dustin began negotiating.
“Mr. Rhys, please don’t put me in a difficult position”
Samuel chuckled and shook his head. “If the client’s information leaks, I won’t have any more.
business in the future.”
“This is only between us. Who would know about it?” Dustin smiled.
“There are no safe secrets in this world. I can’t take the risk.” Samuel shook his head.
Samuel had just finished speaking when a sharp clang resounded. A bloody knife suddenly fell from Dustin’s waist.
Samuel froze.
“Oh, I use this knife for self–defense. It’s always better to be cautious.” Dustin smiled, looking
He said, “Mr. Franklin, what did you say earlier? I didn’t quite catch it. Could you repeat that?”
“Uh…”
The corner of Samuel’s mouth twitched, and he managed a smile.
“If Mr. Rhys is truly interested, I could offer you a bit of information. However, it would depend on how skilled you are in finding out the truth.”
“Alright.” Dustin nodded.
“I can only tell you that on the day of Christopher Murray’s birthday banquet, this person will act.” Samuel lowered his voice into a whisper..
“Is that all? Is there anything else?” Dustin asked.
While speaking, he even placed the knife on the table, increasing the pressure on him.
“Mr. Rhys, that was my last compromise. I won’t be saying another word.” Samuel looked grim.
As one of the three chief envoys of the Bounty Killers, when had he ever been in such a
frustrating situation? It was all thanks to that damned Simba for bringing this bad omen to their
lair.
“Alright, it’s enough. Thank you, Mr. Franklin.”
Dustin grinned. “Don’t be so nervous. Aren’t we friends? Even if you don’t say anything, I wouldn’t dare do anything to you.”
Samuel’s eye twitched, caught between amusement and annoyance. He could have put away the knife before saying that.
“Mr. Franklin, it’s been a pleasure working with you. Remember to let me know immediately
when you have any good news. Goodbye.”
Dustin nodded and turned to leave.
“Mr. Rhys, your knife…” Samuel reminded him.
“Consider it a gift.” Dustin waved his hand dismissively and left without another look back.
Samuel remained seated. He let out a heavy sigh.
After all his years in the world of martial arts, he had always been the one taking advantage of others. No one had ever dared to take advantage of him yet.
Today, he had encountered a rogue grandmaster, and there was nothing he could do about it.
The next day, Dustin issued an order for all the members of the Kirin Gang to return.
They would no longer investigate the death of Paul Hill and stay out of the public eye.
Instead, they would stay at Zephyr Lodge, keeping a low profile and not going outside.
Apart from their regular training, they spent most of their time eating and drinking.
###Chapter 937 by Marina Vittori
“What? There are no activities on their end?” Autumn listened to reports from one of his men in one of the courtyards of the Hill family. residence.
He couldn’t help but wonder aloud, “Are you sure?”
“I’m very sure!” The man said seriously, “We kept watch on them for the whole of yesterday. All of them from the Kirin Gang had stayed in Zephyr Lodge. Not even one of them set foot outside.”
“What is the rascal up to?” Autumn mused. Dustin had been doing everything he could to gather information and investigate the issue for the past few days.
It was truly suspicious now that he suddenly stopped all activities.
“Keep your eyes on them at all times. Report back immediately once you have any information,” Autumn instructed.
“Yes, sir!”
With that, the man turned and left.
By the third day, there was still no activity from the Kirin Gang.
They continued indulging themselves. They spent all their days either training or having fun.
The atmosphere inside Zephyr Lodge was lively. They showed no sign that trouble was coming
their way.
When Autumn heard about that, he was even more confused.
“Damn it! Has the rascal decided to give up on the investigation? Is it because he knows there’s no way out for him, so he’s decided to indulge himself one last time?”
Autumn frowned. The more he thought about it, the more he felt that something was off.
From what he knew of Dustin, he wasn’t someone who would give up so readily. He would not have been able to reach the level of grandmaster otherwise.
But if Dustin had not given up, why had there been no activities on his end for the past few days? Could he have found something out?
“Look into it! I want a thorough investigation! I’d like to see what he’s up to!” Autumn ordered yet
again.
On the fourth day, things went on as usual. The Kirin Gang stayed inside Zephyr Lodge and enjoyed themselves. They didn’t concern themselves with anything going on outside.
To liven things up, they even invited song and dance troupes or comedic groups to sometimes perform for them. They truly lived their lives in a delightful manner.
Dusing especidity, Hau noi appeartA TOI
ee unys Even (1195 Trom the Nilii Gaily liau nu iuea where he had gone. It was as though he had just vanished into thin air.
Because of the situation, Autumn was no longer able to stay calm. He began to lose his appetite and started overthinking things.
Tomorrow was Dustin’s deadline. Due to his guilty conscience, Autumn couldn’t help but feel that Dustin was plotting something.
“Sir! We found something!”
Right at that moment, one of Autumn’s men came running in.
“You found something?” Autumn’s eyes lit up. “Quick! Tell me! What is it?” he urged.
“According to our investigations, Dustin already has evidence to prove his innocence. He will reveal it to the public tomorrow morning!” the person reported.
“He’s got evidence? How is that possible?” Autumn’s expression grew grave.
He had always been careful not to leave anything behind. So how could Dustin get any evidence, then? Could this be a trap?
“Are you sure about the information?” Autumn asked sternly.
“I’m very sure!” The man confidently confirmed.
“I put in great effort to obtain the information and even verified it several times to make sure it was true. I’m sure that the information can’t be wrong!”
“I’ll be in a lot of trouble if he really has evidence!” Autumn’s brows furrowed deeply.
He would surely die a miserable death if anyone knew the truth behind the incident!
“What do we do now, sir?” the man asked anxiously.
“Do you know where they keep the evidence?” Autumn asked.
“The Kirin Gang’s House of Heroes has the strictest security. I bet that they’ve stored it there,” the
man answered.
“Gather two troops of Hidden guards at once! We’ll break into the House of Heroes tonight!”
Autumn instructed.
He would rather believe that Dustin really had evidence and act upon it while he could.
This was a matter of life and death. He dared not take any chances.
Regardless of whether the evidence was real, he would destroy it once and for all. That would set. him at ease and give him peace.
###Chapter 938 by Marina Vittori
That night, most of the disciples from the Kirin Gang got themselves drunk in Zephyr Lodge–all except the patrol team. A group of ten people in spy suits snuck their way in. They quickly searched everywhere in Zephyr Lodge.
The group of ten people moved around like ghosts. They made no sound when they landed, and their movements were quick and agile..
They were hidden from plain sight. The Kirin Gang’s patrol team noticed nothing amiss at all.
The group of ten was made up of the Hill family’s strongest force, the Hidden guards. Each one of them was extremely talented.
All of them had also gone through rigorous training. They excelled in everything assassination, undercover work, gathering information, and spying on enemies.
There were two reasons why the Hill family was one of the Tremendous Three. Besides Paul Hill’s identity as a grandmaster, another reason was due to the Hidden guards.
They had greatly contributed to eliminating all the Hill family’s enemies.
“Here it is.” After searching around, the Hidden guards finally got to the House of Heroes.
The House of Heroes had two groups of disciples guarding it at all times. The patrol team also passed by it often. The security around it was tight.
The leaders of the two troops of Hidden guards exchanged a look, and both lit up an incense.
As the smoke rose, the ten Hidden guards held their breath and waited.
The smoke, carried by the wind, soon wafted to the entrance of the House of Heroes.
All it took were a few breaths, and the two groups of Kirin Gang disciples standing guard fell to the ground, unconscious.
“The patrol team passes by every five minutes! We need to hurry!” The ten Hidden guards quickly snuck into the House of Heroes and began searching.
The place was huge but empty. There were memorial tablets in the front and rows of benches in
the center.
“Got it!”
Three minutes later, one of the Hidden guards found a secret compartment under one of the memorial tablets. There was a small, black sachet in the compartment.
After ensuring they had the right thing, they swiftly left and disappeared into the dark.
Dustin and Cornelius were standing on the roof of the House of Heroes. They watched in silence as the Hidden guards escaped.
“Sir Rhys, your prediction was right! The traitor from the Hill family could not hold out any longer!
Cornelius exclaimed in awe.
The Mini Gany nau been putting old SHOW 10 tile past few days. Ten purpose was to lure une traitor to show himself. Though what they did was risky, it had worked.
“I must admit, I was just betting for it to happen. Fortunately, they acted as I hoped.”
Dustin narrowed his eyes. “Sir Paul’s death had been too sudden. It’s very suspicious.
“The traitor must have a guilty conscience. He’s bound to show himself once he hears of the slightest information.
“He wouldn’t be able to stay put. If he gets the idea to destroy the evidence, he’ll jump straight into
my trap.“.
“So it’s his quilt playing up..
Cornelius stroked his chin and asked, “Sir Rhys, there was also a possibility he wouldn’t show up. What then? Do you have any other plans?”
“If he doesn’t show up?” Dustin smiled faintly.
“Then you’ll have to start making arrangements for my funeral.”
“What?” Cornelius froze on the spot as the corner of his mouth twitched.
Wasn’t Dustin too fearless?
He was betting on this with his life! His price for winning the bet was his life. But if he lost, he’d end up dead!
At that moment, Autumn was pacing around in his study within the Hill family residence. He looked anxious and would occasionally steal glances out the window.
Though he had dispatched the Hidden guards, he still felt on edge. If they failed, his life would be
in danger.
“Sir Autumn!”
One of the leaders of the Hidden guards rushed in. He bowed. “Mission accomplished. We’ve found.
it!”
“You’ve found it?” Autumn was instantly spirited.
“Where is it? Hurry! Show me!”
“Here. Please have a look.”
The leader of the Hidden guards took out a small sachet and handed it to Autumn.
Autumn hastily opened it up to find a letter inside,
He opened the letter to look at its contents and immediately frowned.
###Chapter 939 by Marina Vittori
“There’s evidence on the corpse? It was left on his body before he died?” Autumn’s brows furrowed as he thought about it.
He had checked the corpse thoroughly when he handled it. He hadn’t noticed anything out of the ordinary Could he have missed something?”
“Gather a few of our men. We’re going to the hill behind the Hill family residence. I will open the coffin to check on the corpse tonight!”
After thinking for a moment, Autumn quickly decided on his next action.
He could not afford to take the risk. If he’d missed something, he’d be in huge trouble.
He had to destroy any evidence before anyone found out!
Thirty minutes later, Autumn and his trusted men secretly went to the hill behind the Hill family residence.
This was where all the members of the Hill family were buried after they’d passed away. Paul was buried there, too.
When they got to Paul’s grave, Autumn bowed deeply and muttered to himself, “I’m sorry, Father.
Please don’t mind me.”
Then, he straightened up and gestured to his men.
“Start digging!”
With his orders, the men began digging. In less than 30 minutes, they had uncovered the coffin.
Just then, a gust of chilling wind swept around them.
They shivered and stopped what they were doing. They hunched their shoulders and glanced around guiltily.
“Why are you just standing there? Open up the coffin!” Autumn roared.
At this point, it was too late for him to turn back.
“Open it up!”
Clenching their jaws, the men braved themselves and opened up the coffin.
Paul lay there in the coffin in a formal suit. His face looked deathly pale, and he didn’t look peaceful.
“Forgive me, Father!” Autumn gulped drily and hopped into the coffin.
He began feeling around Paul’s corpse. He searched around a couple of times but couldn’t find anything.
He even checked his mouth, nostrils, hair, and under his nails and repeated it several times. But
“Where’s the evidence? Why is there nothing?”
Autumn was stressed, and he sweated profusely. He became more frustrated the more he searched.
“Hey. Suddenly, a hand patted Autumn on the shoulders.
“Fuck!” Autumn was scared out of his wits and leaped several feet backward.
He nearly peed his pants.
No man could handle the shock of suddenly being patted on the shoulders while digging up someone’s grave and rummaging around a corpse.
“Who the fuck…”
Autumn was about to turn around and start cursing when he noticed his surroundings.
For some reason, his men were defeated on the ground.
A man in white stood by the coffin and stared silently at him.
Under the moonlight, the man’s face looked pale and creepy. He was as scary as a ghost.
“Dustin?” Autumn’s eyes widened.
“Why are you here?”
“How would I know you’re the traitor if I don’t come here?” Dustin smiled thinly.
“Wait…” Autumn suddenly came to his senses.
He paled and exclaimed, “Is this all a trap? There wasn’t any evidence, to begin with?”
“It’s too late to realize now.” Dustin looked at Autumn coldly as he approached Autumn. “A person who murders his family is unforgivable Tell me, how would you prefer to die?”
###Chapter 940 by Marina Vittori
“Stand right there! I’m warning you!
“You better not come any closer! I’m part of the Hill family!”
Autumn backed up as he shouted at Dustin.
“How dare you say something like that when you killed your own father?”
Dustin looked at him disdainfully, “If I tell the public what happened today, what do you think will happen to you?”
“Hidden guards! Kill him!” Autumn suddenly yelled
He wanted to kill Dustin to keep things a secret. But there was only silence around him.
Only the occasional sound of the wind howling could be heard.
“Hidden guards? Hidden guards!”
Autumn panicked and looked around in distress.
“Your trusted men are here.”
Cornelius held two bloody heads in his hands. He appeared from the shadows and walked into the moonlight.
Then, with a toss, the heads rolled to Autumn’s feet–the blood drained from Autumn’s face.
“There’s no escaping for you, Autumn. What else have you got to say now?” Dustin said icily.
“Wait a minute!”
Seeing how the situation was turning bad, an idea came to him. “Dustin! There are no permanent enemies, only permanent interests. Let’s talk this out!”
“How would you like to talk about this?” Dustin appeared impassive.
“A collaboration! We can work together!”
Autumn swallowed before he continued, “The Hills are extremely wealthy. Our riches are more
than you think.
“If you’ll back me up, I can give you half of the family’s assets! You’ll have everything that you
ever wanted. How’s that?”
“I am now labeled as a murderer. How will you deal with that?” Dustin asked suddenly.
“That’s easy. We’ll just get a scapegoat.” Autumn looked delighted.
Thinking that Dustin was tempted by his suggestion, he quickly added, “If you agree to the collaboration, I’ll find someone within the family to be the scapegoat.
“I promise you’ll walk out of this with no problem!”
“Sounds pretty good.” Dustin nodded.
ISILJU I Kilew liat you were sumnevne Capable of great mys
Autumn heaved a sigh of relief and continued, “With your abilities and my powers, we’ll make a perfect alliance if we pair up!
“By then, not only the Hill family but even the entire Balerno would have to fall at our feet!”
The young grandmaster had already made a name for himself throughout Balerno.
Autumn thought that if he could get Dustin to work with him, he’d have someone strong on his side. He could bring the entire Hill family to greater heights with Dustin.
“I’m just curious. Why did you kill Sir Paul?”
Dustin answered Autumn with a question.
“Hah! If he’d stepped down from his position earlier, things would never turn out like this.”
Autumn huffed. “But that old man simply wouldn’t!
“He held on to his authority and would not give up his position! If he didn’t die, we would never get to inherit his position!”
“So because of that, you killed your father?” Dustin simply could not comprehend.
“Is that not reason enough?”
Autumn grumbled, “If he’d just retired gracefully and enjoyed his days, nothing would have
happened.
“We’d have been the perfect family. He was the one who brought all this upon himself!”
Had Paul been an ordinary man, nothing would have happened. He might last a few more years in
the position and die of old age.
But he was a grandmaster! Grandmasters had exceptionally long lives and had no problem living. to over a hundred years old.
The four Hill brothers might not outlive him. Nobody could say for sure who’d die first.
He could only take a risk to achieve his goal in such a circumstance. If he didn’t, he might be
under his father’s control for his entire life.
“What a terrible son you are!” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
He could never understand how some people’s consciences were shrouded by greed. They wouldn’t even hesitate to betray their family for power and authority.
###Chapter 941 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin, let’s not talk about that old man anymore. Autumn swiftly changed the topic. “The important matter now is to think about our future plans.
“If you support me, I can gain control over the entire Hill family within days!” “When have I agreed to work with you?” Dustin asked coldly.
“What?” Autumn frowned. “I’ve already said so much. Aren’t you the least bit tempted?”
“You willingly killed your father. If I collaborated with a beast like you, it would only ruin my reputation!
“Besides, I will expose all you’ve done to the public. So prepare to face your death!”
Dustin gestured to Cornelius. Cornelius understood his instruction and dashed forward to pin Autumn to the ground.
“Rhys! You’re going back on your word!
“You agreed to my proposal earlier on! Why?” Autumn roared, not giving up.
He was just one step away. One step away from success.
Power, authority, and fame had been so close he felt he could touch them. Why did things turn out this way?
“I’m not the best person out there, but I’m not a beast.” Dustin glared at him.
“Knock him out and bring him back! We’ll deal with him publicly tomorrow!”
Early the next morning, people from all walks of life gathered at the entrance of Zephyr Lodge.
The Boulderthorn guild, the Zen Order, the Combat Priests, the Soul Reapers, and many more came after they learned about what was happening.
The Balerno and Glenstead martial arts alliance leaders and elders were also present.
Even those from the Jade Maiden Sisterhood were there to witness the drama unfold.
Seven days had passed, and it was time for Dustin to explain Paul’s death.
“Sir Reeds, I heard there have been no activities on Dustin’s end for the past few days. Could he be ready to confess and face the punishments?”
Conrad, who was at the front of the crowd, looked on with amusement.
“Well, it seems Sir Melling is in a good mood today?” Ronald asked, looking at him with displeasure.
“You’re mistaken, Sir Reeds. Dustin has made a name for himself as the youngest grandmaster in Balerno. Of course, I’d wish such an incredible genius could be safe.
But someone has to take responsionty for Sale! Coma SHOOK TIs edu.
“Hmph! Wipe that smug smile off your face before speaking to me!” Ronald cut straight to the
chase.
“What? I’m not smiling.” Conrad shrugged; the smile on his face was still there.
If Dustin had been part of the Glenstead martial arts alliance, he would have done anything to protect him in a heartbeat.
Unfortunately, he was part of the Balerno martial arts alliance. He would one day be their greatest
rival.
“Madam Edith, why did you bring us here?” Brittany asked.
Zephyr Lodge was now the place that she hated the most.
“Haven’t you heard? Dustin murdered Paul Hill, and he’d ingested a Septemortis.
“All the major sects are here to make him pay for what he did!” Edith smiled evilly.
“Is that so? That’s great!” Brittany’s eyes lit up.
“I thought I’d never be able to get revenge. That bastard committed so many evil deeds that the public is outraged at him. He deserves it!”
“I guess this is karma,” Nikki narrowed her eyes as she said.
Her hatred towards Dustin had grown after the battle of the grandmasters.
The youngest grandmaster? The pride of the nation?
Hah! Wouldn’t he still die one day?
Anyone who rejected her deserves to be condemned!
She wanted to see Dustin’s reputation crumble before her eyes today!
###Chapter 942 by Marina Vittori
As time passed, the crowd gathered around at the entrance of Zephyr Lodge grew. The crowd was dense, with tens of thousands of people. Those who were involved, and even those who weren’t involved, were there.
Some were there to condemn Dustin, while others just to watch the show unfold. Some were even there to enjoy Dustin’s misfortune;
Most of them knew that if Dustin made it out of this in one piece, he’d have a bright future.
If he didn’t, they would witness the fall of a genius today.
“We know you’re in there, Dustin! Your seven days are up! Come out and face your death!” the Hill family shouted.
The gates of Zephyr Lodge creaked open as Dustin led several of his men out.
“Wow. What a crowd we have here today. How exciting.”.
Dustin glanced around and saw many familiar faces.
“Stop playing the fool! You murdered my grandfather! Today is the day you pay for it with your life!” Torben shouted angrily.
“That’s right! Sir Reeds had been generous enough to let you live for another seven days.
“But there’s no way you’re escaping death!” someone from the crowd shouted as others clamored
along.
On the one hand, it was out of their respect for Paul On the other hand, it was also due to their jealousy toward the young grandmaster.
“You claimed you were innocent, Dustin, so I gave you seven days. Do you have any evidence to prove your claim now?” Ronald asked.
“I have not failed you, Sir Reeds. I have caught the real culprit,” Dustin answered truthfully.
“What do you mean you’ve caught the culprit? You were the one who murdered my grandfather!” Torben snapped fiercely.
“We’ll find out who the murderer is soon enough.”
Without wasting any more time, Dustin gestured to the men behind him.
Soon, Cornelius brought out a man who was tightly bound up. The man had a hood over his head.
“Hmph! Do you think that you’ll be able to get through this just by finding a scapegoat to take the
blame for you?
“No fucking way that’s going to happen!” Torben glared at Dustin.
“Dustin! Stop with the tricks and own up to what you did. We might just give you a quick death!” Spring said coldly.
“That’s right! Admit to your crimes now, or we’ll see you die, a long and terrible death!” The Hills
From their point of view, Dustin was planning to get a scapegoat to shoulder his offenses. They would never let him get away so easily!
“Have a look at who the murderer is, everyone. Then we’ll talk.
Reluctant to waste any more time on pointless speech, Dustin grabbed the hood on the man’s head and removed it.
And Autumn’s face was revealed to everyone.
“Autumn?”
“Sir Autumn?”
“Dad?”
Everyone from the Hill family was stunned when they saw the familiar face. None of them had expected that the scapegoat Dustin had found to be Autumn Hill!
“How dare you!”
“You insolent bastard!”
After the momentary shock, the Hills began shouting at Dustin.
He was truly fearless in holding Autumn captive!
“Let my father go immediately, Rhys! Or I’ll make sure you die the most gruesome death!” Torben
roared.
He had wondered why he hadn’t seen his father today. It turns out that Dustin had captured him! That was going overboard!
“Dustin, what’s the matter? Why did you kidnap someone from the Hill family?” Ronald frowned)
“Sir Reeds, the truth is Autumn Hill is one of the prime culprits who murdered Sir Paul!” Dustin
announced.
“What? Autumn’s the murderer?”
###Chapter 943 by Marina Vittori
The crowd began whispering when they heard what Dustin said. Some of them were shocked, while others had their doubts. But most of them did not believe him.
“Nonsense! My father had been upright and honest his whole life!
“How could he have done such a horrible thing?” Torben bellowed.
“I’m warning you, Dustin! You better not spout such nonsense around!”
Spring’s expression was dark. “You murdered my father, and now you’re dragging my brother through the mud! What malicious intentions you have!”
“Let Autumn tell you what he’s done. Then you’ll know if I’m slandering him.”
Dustin pulled out the wad of cloth shoved in Autumn’s mouth. Then, he kicked him.
“Go on, tell them what happened last night.”
“Spring! Save me! Quick!” Autumn immediately began yelling once he opened his mouth.
“This scoundrel captured me and started torturing me. He even threatened to wipe out my entire family if I did not take the blame for him! Spring, you have to save me!”
“You liar! How dare you tell lies!”
Cornelius fumed. He was just about to slap Autumn when Dustin stopped him.
Things would look bad if they were to get aggressive under such circumstances.
“Dustin! You impertinent scoundrel! Release my brother at once!” Spring ordered.
“Release him! Or I’ll burn down this god damned lodge!” Torben echoed angrily.
“Release him! Release him! Release him!”
The crowd began chanting and clamoring. They looked furious.
Not only had Dustin killed Sir Paul, he even captured Autumn to be his scapegoat. Such horrible
behavior was dreadful!
“Karma! This is karma indeed!” The Jade Maiden Sisterhood were pleased at the sight they saw.
They were out of breath from laughing in delight.
The more trouble Dustin was in, the happier they were. At this point, Dustin did not seem to have any way of turning back anymore.
So what if he was a grandmaster? He had no way out with so many leaders of the major sects
present.
“Hahaha! Haven’t I warned you, Dustin?
“If you work with me, you won’t have to die. You’ll also be able to enjoy unlimited riches.”
Autumn sniggered. “Look at yourself now.
your telivie decisTON!
I ou le me public enemy of the ente mai di Wu! Tis is all talkS
“How do you feel now? Are you regretting your decision? Do you feel helpless?
“So what if I was the person who murdered Paul? So what if you’ve caught me?
“Would anyone believe what you said? All those people from the martial world are on my side. Whatever I say goes!
“If I say you’re the murderer, then you’re the murderer. No matter how much you struggle, you won’t be able to change a thing.
“The youngest grandmaster? The pride of the nation? What a joke!”
Though Dustin had set up a trap and had him captured, he could worm his way out of things if he did not admit to anything.
But for Dustin, try as he might, was making futile attempts. How laughable!
“Are you done laughing yet? Do you think that there’s nothing I can do to you?” Dustin asked calmly.
“Well, what can you do? You can’t possibly kill me, can you?” Autumn scoffed.
All the major sects in Balerno and Glenstead are gathered here. If you dare to touch a hair on my head, you’ll be dead meat!”
Then, he stretched out his throat to provoke Dustin and challenge him to kill him.
“Sir Reeds, what punishment should be for a man who kills his father?” Dustin asked.
“He should be punishable by death, of course.” Ronald wondered why Dustin would ask him something like that, but he answered honestly.
“Should the person be killed?”
“Yes.”
“Alright then, I shall kill him!” Then, Dustin drew out a sword. Amidst the crowd’s astonished gazes, he sliced off Autumn’s head.
###Chapter 944 by Marina Vittori
A deathly silence came over the crowd as Autumn’s head fell to the ground. All the shouts and clamors died down. Ronald and Conrad were shocked.
The Hill family, Jade Maiden Sisterhood, Boulderthorn, the Zen Order, the Combat Priests, the Soul Reapers, and all the martial artists present were shocked. Everyone gaped in disbelief.
No one had expected Dustin to be so cruel. He had cut-Autumn’s head off in front of the entire Hill family, the Balerno and Glenstead martial alliances, and all the sects.
Without any reason or explanation, he killed him like one would slaughter an animal.
Then, an uproar broke out.
“How dare you kill someone so openly, Dustin? You cocky bastard!”
“He killed him to silence him! That’s what he’s doing!”
“He has no conscience! Someone like him needs to be killed!”
“Kill him! Avenge Sir Paul! Return the Hill family their honor!”
The crowd stomped their feet and cursed at him.
He was already guilty of murder, and now he’d committed another! They would not allow such
wicked and vile scum to exist in the martial world!
They had to get rid of him!
“The dumbass is digging his own grave!” The Jade Maiden Sisterhood snickered among themselves, enjoying the show.
Dustin killing Autumn so openly was like adding fuel to the fire. Dustin had left himself with no
way out now.’
“You beast! How dare you kill my brother? The Hill family will never let you off!”
After coming back to his senses, Spring roared.
“You bastard! I’ll kill you for murdering my father!”
Torben gritted his teeth in rage. Drawing his sword, he dashed up to Dustin, ready to kill Dustin even if it meant losing his life.
But he had barely approached Dustin when Cornelius punched him and sent him flying. He struggled to stand up.
“Sir Reeds! This man is way too arrogant.
“First, he killed my father. Then he killed my brother.
“As a leader of the martial world, will you just stand by and watch?” Spring looked at him, his eyes
1/2
He would have personally led his men to wipe out Zephyr Lodge if it wasn’t because he couldn’t defeat Dustin.
“You’re too boastful, Dustin! How can I protect you when you act so arrogantly?” Ronald was
furious, too.
As he spoke, he gradually released his energy. Strong gusts of wind blew around them, sending sand and dust into the air.
“Please calm down, Sir Reeds. You were the one who said that a son who kills his father deserves to be killed. So I just did as you said,” Dustin said calmly.
“Nonsense! What do you mean that a son who kills his father deserves to be killed?
“That’s all just your one-sided claim! What proof do you have?” Spring demanded angrily.
“Exactly! You claim that Autumn’s the murderer. But what proof have you got?” Ronald frowned.
“You want proof? That’s easy.” Dustin gestured to his men.
Two disciples of the Kirin gang quickly brought out a huge piece of white cloth and hung it at the entrance of Zephyr Lodge.
Then, they turned on a projector and played a video with the white cloth as a screen.
The video was a recording of Autumn digging up the grave last night.
It started with Autumn digging the grave and ended with him being knocked out. Everything that
he had said and done was seen and heard.
The crowd fell silent after seeing that.
Their eyes fixed on the screen. The shock was evident on all their faces, and they struggled to come to terms with what they saw.
They honestly never expected Autumn to be the real murderer! He had denied all accusations and insisted that he was innocent just a while ago!
In the video footage, Autumn appeared unbelievably full of himself. The malicious look on his face garnered a lot of resentment from everyone who saw it.
Though they found it hard to believe, the truth was there for all to see. No matter how shocking it was, they could not deny it.
###Chapter 945 by Marina Vittori
“Do you see that, everyone?” Dustin looked around and said coldly, “Autumn’s conscience has been shrouded by his greed.
“He would not even spare his father for power. Should a vile person like him not be killed?”
Dustin’s question shut all of them up.
Even those from the Hill family who had been livid were silenced. Spring froze after watching the video.
Torben stood there, mumbling to himself, “How did things turnout this way?
“How could my father end up being my grandfather’s murderer? Tha–that’s impossible!”
He found it hard to believe that his father would commit such a vile act.
He even went so far as to disregard family ties just for power and authority. It was outrageous!
“I had thought that Dustin was the murderer. Turns out there’s a traitor within the Hill family!”
“He can even bring himself to murder his father. What a monster!”
“One can never judge a book by its covers. Who would have thought the ever–helpful and generous Sir Autumn was so despicable?”
The crowd whispered in hushed tones as they commented on the issue.
The Hill family now ended up as the target of public criticism.
“Hold on!”
Just then, Edith came forward and voiced her doubts.
“As far as I’m aware, Autumn is a weakling.
“How could he possibly assassinate a grandmaster? Don’t any of you find this weird?”
“That’s right! Only a grandmaster is capable of killing another grandmaster. How could Autumn be able to do it?
“Maybe they’ve turned against each other, and someone’s just thrown Autumn under the truck to save himself!” Brittany seemed to be insinuating something.
They didn’t want Dustin to make it out of this alive. Even if it was baseless accusations, they made it a point to drag him through the mud.
“Exactly! With Autumn’s powers, he can’t even harm Sir Paul. How could he possibly have killed him?”
The onlookers started to doubt when they heard what Edith said.
A grandmaster was like a legendary figure.
Regular martial artists could not harm them, much less assassinate them. That was something
“Of course, Autumn could not have done it alone.”
Dustin glanced at the Jade Maiden Sisterhood.
Then he continued, “Actually, someone else murdered Sir Paul.”
“Who is it?” Ronald frowned.
“Dimitri Gonzalez–Shadowslayer’s ace assassin!”
That was a shocking piece of information. The crowd was sent into an uproar again.
“Dimitri Gonzalez? Isn’t he a Kimbokuan?”
“Could Autumn have worked with Shadowslayer for power?”
“He joined hands with foreign invaders and invited tragedy upon himself. He deserved to die!”
After hearing that Shadowslayer was involved, many of them were livid.
It was vile enough of him to kill his father. And now, they even discovered he was working with foreign invaders.
He was a traitor to the country who deserved to die!
“No! No way! My father would never do such a thing!” Torben shook his head furiously in denial.
Autumn had committed two serious offenses that his reputation would be tarnished forever.
“Hmph! Your father would kill his father for power! What wouldn’t he do?”
“Exactly! Your father is an evil monster! Scums like him deserve to be shredded into pieces!”
All the martial artists berated Autumn. Their view on the matter changed after seeing his true colors.
“Autumn might be a monster, but there is someone even worse than him,” Dustin added.
“What do you mean?” Ronald was curious.
“You probably do not know about this, Sir Reeds. But Autumn is just a pawn.
“There is someone controlling everything behind the scenes! And that person is the true murderer! “Dustin revealed.
“What? There’s someone behind all of this? Who is it?” Ronald’s face fell
Dustin looked around, and his gaze finally fell on someone at the center of the crowd.
He raised a finger and pointed at him. “That person is the leader of the Hill brethren–Spring Hill!”
###Chapter 946 by Marina Vittori
“What? Spring Hill?” Everyone was shocked by Dustin’s words. All eyes rested on the Hills. “No way! Spring has always been a righteous and generous person. How could he have anything to do with this?”
“I don’t believe you too. Spring is known to be a gentleman. Everyone only talks about how good he is.”
“Was he mistaken?”
A heated discussion broke out among the crowd. Spring had the best reputation among the Hill brethren. He was always helpful to others.
Even beggars who approached him were treated with respect. There was no doubt about his character.
Spring was taken aback but quickly recovered. He roared, “What nonsense! There’s no bad blood between us, Dustin.
“Why are you making false accusations against me?”
“False accusations?” Dustin scoffed.
“You know better than anyone else whether those accusations are true.
“Autumn was just impulsive. He has the brawns but not the brains.
“He is incapable of planning Sir Paul’s assassination and framing me for it!”
Autumn’s actions showed he was not a smart and crafty person. He had jumped head first into the trap Dustin set up for him and came clean about everything he had done.
He was not a person who could come up with such a fine plan, much less execute it so perfectly.
Hence, Dustin had suspected that Autumn was simply a pawn.
After some investigation, he found evidence that led to the mastermind.
“Watch your words!” Spring huffed.
“First, you say it’s Autumn, then you claim it’s Dimitri Gonzalez.
“And now you pin it on me? What are you playing at?”
“Hey, bastard! I’m warning you, you better not spew nonsense! We won’t let you off if you slander the new leader of our family!” the Hill family roared.
It was Spring who had dealt with the mess after Paul’s death. He had settled the family and put
everyone at ease.
Because of that, he was now the backbone of the family that everyone depended on.
“Dustin, empty words cannot prove anything. Do you have evidence that Spring is the mastermind
“I would not have wasted my words if I did not have evidence.”
Dustin gestured to his men. “Boys, bring those people here!”
A group of Kirin Gang disciples brought out several masked men. They were all dressed in black
clothes.
Their masks were then removed and their shirts taken off, Each one of them had a unique tattoo
on their chest.
“Do you recognize the tattoo on them, Spring?” Dustin asked.
“I do. They are the Hill family’s Hidden guards.” Spring did not deny recognizing the tattoo.
“Good that you own up to that.” Dustin nodded.
Then he continued, “These Hidden guards have come clean.
“They said that you were the one controlling Autumn behind the scenes. You were the one who used him to murder Sir Paul.
“I have recorded all their testimonies. Do you wish to hear them for yourself?”
“Hmph! They’re all wounded. It’s obvious that you’ve forced a confession out of them.
“Who would believe such testimonies?” Spring remained unfazed.
“That’s right! A forced confession cannot be trusted!” the crowd echoed.
Even the strongest of men would give in to torture. Their testimonies, which had been obtained by torture, could not be trusted.
“As we all know, the Hidden guards only answer to the Hill family emblem. How could Autumn get the Hidden guards to obey him without your help?” Dustin questioned.
“I have just taken over the family. There are bound to be mistakes.
“Besides, these Hidden guards have long since been bought over by Autumn. I have no authority over them anymore,” Spring said convincingly.
“Dustin, these testimonies can’t prove anything. If you do not have other evidence, we will end things here today,” Ronald said.
“If testimonies can’t prove it, I have evidence to back me up.
Ir
Dustin seemed to have expected this. He took out an envelope from his pocket and tossed it to
Ronald.
“Sir Reeds, this is a letter I found in Autumn’s secret room.
“It records all the plans they have made with Dimitri Gonzalez. Spring is mentioned, too!”
“How could that be?”
Ronald frowned as he opened up the letter and read it.
A moment later, his expression darkened as he threw the letter on Spring’s face.
Spilly ! it as youname on it! vilat lave you you to say about us?
“No way! Does Spring have something to do with this?”
“Oh my God! If that’s the case, I’m afraid the Hill family is doomed!”
The crowd was surprised, and they began whispering among themselves. If testimonies alone couldn’t be trusted, what about solid evidence?
###Chapter 947 by Marina Vittori
“Sir Reeds, the letter could have been fabricated.” Spring said calmly, “All he needed to do was to get someone to imitate my penmanship.
“He could easily make a fake letter. It doesn’t prove anything.” “Precisely! Who knows if he made it up?” The Hills took Spring’s side readily.
“Oh, Spring, it seems like I’ve underestimated you. How can you still be denying what you’ve done?
“Alright, since you insist you’re innocent, I’ll give you evidence you can’t deny.”
Dustin clapped. Then, the disciples of the Kirin Gang parted to make way.
Then, an old man with white hair and beard strode out with his head held high.
Everyone stood frozen in place as if they’d been struck by lightning.
The old man was none other than the late Sir Paul!
“H–how is this possible? Isn’t Sir Paul dead?”
“Oh my god! I can’t possibly be looking at a ghost now, right?”
“What on Earth is going on? Has the dead come back to life?”
The crowd was shocked, and they all staggered back. They looked like they’d seen a ghost.
Everyone knew that Paul had died seven days ago. Many of them even watched as his body was
buried.
So, how was he standing before them now? Could he have come back from the dead?
“S–Sir?” Ronald stared with his eyes wide as saucers. He could not believe what he was seeing
“No way! Is the old man not dead yet?” Conrad swallowed dryly. He instantly lost his composure.
“The dead have come back to life! What’s going on!”
Everyone descended into chaos, including those from the Balerno and Glenstead martial arts alliance and all the sects. Everyone was shock.
“H–he’s not dead?”
Spring stared in disbelief as his eyes widened. His calm composure was gone.
He trembled and sweated all over, gripped by fear. Never in his darkest dreams had he imagined such a strange thing would happen.
“Sir Paul, it’s time you deal with your family affairs.” Dustin bowed and backed off.
“You terrible son! What have you got to say now?” Paul shouted at Spring, his face dark.
“Yo-you… Weren’t you dead? Why are you still alive?”
Spring was so frightened he stumbled backward with terror on his face.
Take my ue, now could I call all of you, you vile ? Faul yelled at 1.
equi,
“Faked your death? How could that be?
“I checked that you were dead.” Spring shook his head, unable to accept what he heard.
He had waited for so long. He was just one step away from taking over Paul’s position.
But it had all come to waste now. It was a big blow to his plans.
“Hmph! I am a grandmaster, and I have mastered the invisible breath technique.
“I’d have wasted decades mastering the technique if I can’t even fool you!” Paul stated impassively.
“Why? Why? Why won’t you just die, old man
Spring seemed to lose it because his chance of taking Paul’s position was now destroyed.
It was like he had lost his sanity. He even screamed continuously to vent his aggravation and
resentment.
“I put so much effort into making the perfect plan to kill you. I worked so hard to get everything right,
“But you still didn’t die. Why? Why didn’t you die?
“You’ve had decades worth of glory, old man! It should have been enough!
“Why didn’t you willingly give up your position? Why couldn’t you have put me in charge?
“I do not wish to be controlled by you for life! I do not want to live in your shadows constantly!
“You should die! You should have died much earlier on!
“I’d never get a taste of success if you don’t die!”
###Chapter 948 by Marina Vittori
Spring’s legs went weak, and he sat on the ground after letting out all his pent–up thoughts.His face was twisted with many negative emotions: anger, hatred, jealousy, craze, and spite.
He could not understand why things turned out the way they did. He had come up with a perfect plan. There should have been no mistake.
All he had to do was kill Paul, and he could take over his position. He would then be in control and have ultimate authority.
Yet, things did not go according to his plan. All his carefully planned schemes burst like bubbles.
He had only two possible outcomes when he decided to aim for his father’s position. He could reach his goal and be respected by all, or he would fail and fall into disgrace.
Unfortunately, he failed.
Paul hadn’t died, and all his plans and schemes were wasted. But he refused to accept the outcome!
Just one step. One more step was all it took for him to get a taste of
success. Why?
“I never thought that Spring would be the one behind all this. How
unexpected!”
“He pretends to be so nice and friendly all the time. But he’s such an evil
person! We really can’t judge a book by its covers!”
“Had Sir Paul not feigned his death, this monster would have taken over his position!”
1/3
The crowd whispered among themselves.
Seeing how Spring was on the verge of madness, the crowd was more angry at him than shocked.
To think that they had supported him and gave him their complete trust! None of them had expected that he was a wolf in sheep’s skin.
“Men! Tie this immoral bastard up!” Ronald ordered furiously.
“Yes, sir!”
Two elders of the Balerno martial arts alliance answered before
approaching Spring. They broke both his legs and tied him up securely.
“You should die, you old thing! You should die!” Spring screamed and
roared like he had lost his sanity.
“Throw him into prison and keep an eye on him. He shall be publicly punished tomorrow!” Ronald instructed his men to bring Spring away.
“The truth has been uncovered. It’s time you all should leave.” Ronald
turned and dispersed the crowd.
The crowd gradually left, though it seemed they had not enjoyed the
show enough yet.
No one had expected such an outcome. Dustin had been the person they
had expected to see being punished.
But after multiple twists and turns, they witness a series of shocking
revelations.
First, it was Autumn, then it was Spring. The two sons of the Hill family
had nearly deceived everyone.
“Sir Reeds, the Balerno martial arts alliance sure has a lot of talents. What
I witnessed today was truly eye–opening. I’ll be leaving now.”
Conrad left with a sarcastic remark. Then, the Glenstead martial arts
alliance followed after him and left.
2/3
“Hmph! That bastard made it out of this again. I hate to see him walk free! “Edith’s face fell as a malicious glint appeared in her eyes.
“Who would have thought that Paul’s still alive? That bastard is really lucky!” Brittany gritted her teeth.
“What do we do now, Madam Edith?” Nikki asked warily.
“What can we do? We go back and study the remnants of the scripture.
“Hopefully, we can get something out of it.” Edith’s eyes narrowed.
One must have a great realization to reach the level of grandmaster.
Otherwise, it was almost impossible.
“Now that you mention the scripture, Madam Edith, I thought of
something.”
Nikki said thoughtfully, “Dustin had said that there might be something hidden within the remnants of the scripture. There might be a surprise in
there if we opened it up.”
“Surprise?” Edith’s eyes lit up.
“Why didn’t you say so earlier?”
“I just recalled it.” Nikki smiled awkwardly.
“Let’s go, let’s go! Let’s hurry back immediately!”
Edith led her disciples away impatiently.
Within mere minutes, the crowd outside Zephyr Lodge was cleared.
###Chapter 949 by Marina Vittori
Ronald was the only one who stayed behind. “Why are you still here, Ronald? Go back,” Paul said. Ronald did not answer him.
He gave him a quick once over and looked at Dustin instead. “Dustin, where did you hire this person?” “What? What nonsense is that?” Paul frowned.
“Well? Are you going to keep up the act?” Ronald’s expression darkened.“Watch it! Is this how you talk to your mentor? How rude!” Paul scolded angrily.
“Hmph! I’ll see for myself if you’re a man or a ghost!” Ronald huffed.
Suddenly, he reached out to claw at Paul’s face.
Paul frowned and quickly stepped back. But he wasn’t fast enough.
Just as Ronald was about to grab him, Dustin rushed up and stood
between the two.
“Sir Reeds, please have mercy. Hear me out,” he said.
“You horrid student! How dare you attack your mentor?
“That is unacceptable behavior!” Paul looked furious.
“Alright, alright. Enough with that. Sir Reeds has already seen through
your disguise.”
Dustin shot the person behind him a warning look.
Paul’s expression immediately changed when he heard that. He was livid
just moments ago but now broke out into a mischievous smile.
Then, a woman’s voice could be heard coming from him.
1/4
“As expected from a grandmaster! I’ve put so much effort into making this prosthetic mask.
“But you were still able to see through it.”
Then, reaching up to grab the mask, Paul’s face disappeared instantly. Instead, a beautiful and alluring face appeared before them.
It was Azalea!
“Who is this, Dustin?” Ronald frowned.
“She’s a friend of mine, Sir Reeds. She’s skilled in the art of face–changing.
11
Dustin bowed and explained, “This was my last resort. I had to expose Spring. Please overlook this.”
“Oh, so she’s skilled in the arts of disguise.” Ronald nodded.
Then he said, “Though your actions do not seem right, you only did this to prove your innocence. It’s understandable.”
“Thank you for understanding, Sir Reeds.” Dustin nodded at him.
He knew getting Azalea to pretend to be Paul was offensive to Paul.
“Let’s skip the formalities. I’m happy that you were able to clear yourself
of the accusations.
“The Balerno martial arts alliance needs young talents like you. Your generation will rule the martial world in the future,” Ronald said.
“You’re flattering me, Sir Reeds.” Dustin smiled.
“Right, before I forget about it.”
Ronald seemed to recall something. He pulled out a bottle containing a
pill and handed it to Dustin.
“Here’s the antidote for Septemortis. Go on and take it.
“We don’t want the poison to seep into your bone marrows. It might cause
2/4
“Thank you, Sir Reeds.”
Dustin took the bottle, poured the antidote pill, and swallowed it.
“Alright, I’ve done what I came to do. The alliance will punish Spring publicly tomorrow.
“Come over to witness it if you haven’t got anything better to do. I’ll be leaving now.”
Then, Ronald turned to leave.
Suddenly, Dustin’s face paled. Then, he began coughing up blood, which was black.
He slumped to the ground weakly.
“Dustin?” Azalea’s eyes widened as she hurried to steady him.
“Dustin! What’s wrong?” Ronald was startled.
“The antidote… It’s poisonous!”
Dustin gritted his teeth as sweat poured down his face.
There was poison coated within the antidote. As nobody had checked, he had been tricked into taking it.
“There’s poison? How could that be?”
Ronald’s brows locked tightly together. “I’ve been keeping the antidote with me wherever I go all these days. Nobody has touched it …”
As he spoke, he suddenly paused. “Hold on! The antidote was given to me
by Conrad Melling! Could he have done something with it?”
That bastard! How could he be so cunning!
“Quick! Gather everyone from the alliance! I want Conrad captured!
‘And send someone to Stoneray Valley! Request for Dr. Watkins to come
and help Dustin!
###Chapter 950 by Marina Vittori
Dustin lay unconscious on his bed in Zephyr Lodge. His brows were furrowed, and his face was ghostly pale. A war raged on within him as the toxins and his true energy battled with each other relentlessly.
From time to time, black blood would trickle out of his nose and mouth. Dr. Watkins sat by his bedside as he carefully performed acupuncture on him. His brows were furrowed in concentration as he tried to get the poison out of him.
Cornelius, Azalea, Abigail, and the rest were worried as they stood waiting by the side.
Dustin was not even cleared of Septemortis yet, and now another unknown poison was added to the mix. The situation was terrible.
Ronald led those from the Balerno martial arts alliance to search for Conrad, who seemed to have disappeared. They still had no news of him yet.
Now, all their hopes lay with Dr. Watkins to bring Dustin back from the brink of death.
As time passed, sweat began forming on Dr. Watkin’s forehead. He was breathing raggedly.
As the needles were inserted one by one, everyone could see a mass of dark energy in Dustin’s chest. It expanded and contracted repeatedly, never disappearing the entire time.
After performing the acupuncture, Dr. Watkins fed Dustin an enhanced Curax.
Though Curax could expel all sorts of poison, it didn’t work well against the ten deadliest poisons. The most it could do against those was to suppress their effects barely.
A moment later, Dr. Watkins stood up, and he sighed.
“Dr. Watkins! How is it? Is he alright?” Abigail was the first to ask.
She had locked herself away to meditate. It was shocking for her to hear about what had happened to Dustin when she came out of her room.
“It doesn’t look too good.” Dr. Watkins shook his head.
“There are two types of poison inside Mr. Rhys right now. One of them is Septemortis, and the other is Dispergia.
“The two poisons complement each other. So, their toxicity increases when together. I am really at my wit’s end.
“Septemortis is tough to cure by itself. And now, he has Dispergia in him, too.
“Dispergia is a poison specifically targeted at grandmasters. So, the situation at hand is extremely complicated.
“If Dustin was not strong enough, he’d probably have died on the spot.”
“But Dr. Watkins, you’re one of the best doctors! How can you not be able to cure him?” Abigail was flustered.
“If Dustin was not strong enough, he’d probably have died on the spot.”
“But Dr. Watkins, you’re one of the best doctors! How can you not be able to cure him?” Abigail was flustered.
Dustin was the only person who had shown her true kindness apart from her father.
“Dr. Watkins, no matter how much it costs to cure Sir Rhys, we will pay it!
“Even if it means selling everything we own! Please, Dr. Watkins, you must save him!”
Cornelius dropped to his knees with a loud thud.
“Please save him, Dr. Watkins!”
All the guildmasters of the three major guilds fell to their knees too.
“There is no need for this. Mr. Rhys is also a part of the Stoneray Order.
“I will do my best to save him if he is not beyond saving. However…” Dr. Watkins hesitated
to finish his sentence.
The ten deadliest poisons were potent. They were the bane of all doctors.
Had it only been Septemortis, he could give it a try to remove the poison. But now, two different poisons were working within Dustin.
His hands were pretty much tied.
Just then, a pretty figure rushed in suddenly as she exclaimed, “Dustin!”
It was Natasha!
She had been caught up with setting up her company in Oakvale. But she put everything aside and rushed back immediately when she heard that something had happened to
Dustin.
“Ms. Natasha, you’re finally here. He… he looks like he isn’t going to make it.”
Abigail’s eyes were red–rimmed as she said that. Even her voice cracked as she said, “How could this be? What exactly happened?”
Natasha frowned. Her heart drummed uncontrollably.
Abigail hid nothing from her and told her everything.
Natasha paled as though she’d been struck by lightning.
So Dustin had been poisoned much earlier on. He knew that she would be worried about
him.
That was why he hadn’t told her about it.
But the more he tried to hide things like this from her, the more worried she was.
“Dr. Watkins!”
Natasha grabbed him like he was her last hope.
“Everyone knows that you’re a miracle doctor. Please save Dustin. I’ll willingly pay any price for him to be saved!” she begged. 6
###Chapter 951 by Marina Vittori
“I know how you feel, Ms. Harmon. But the effects of the poison are too strong. “I’ve tried everything, but nothing worked. I’m really sorry.” Linden sighed.
He cared a lot about Dustin and even planned to make Dustin his successor. It was unfortunate that Dustin had been poisoned with an incurable poison.
“T–that’s impossible!” Natasha began to panic. Nobody stood a chance if even Linden was unable to cure Dustin.
“Hang on!” Natasha suddenly recalled something.
“Dr. Watkins, I heard Stoneray Order has a magical herb called ‘Resurgathorn‘. It can revive
someone when mixed with a secret recipe. Is that true?”
“Resurgathorn?” Linden frowned when he heard this.
“Ms. Harmon, that is something that is forbidden. We mustn’t use it.”
“Why not? Are you worried that we won’t be able to pay up?” Natasha was anxious.
“It has nothing to do with money.”
Linden shook his head before explaining, “Resurgathorn isn’t a medical herb. Rather, it’s a highly
potent poison that’s difficult to use.
“Doctors are forbidden from using it.
“I don’t care if it’s a medical herb or poison as long as it can save Dustin. Just tell me what I have
to do.” Natasha was unfazed by Linden’s explanation.
“If we use Resurgathorn in his current condition, we’ll have to risk another person’s life. All the
poison in Mr. Rhys‘ body will be transferred to the other person’s.
“It means we’re exchanging one life for another,” Linden said sadly.
“Exchanging one life for another?” Many paled when they heard that.
The cost of treating Dustin was far greater than they had expected.
“That’s merely one of the conditions. Not everyone has the right criteria to sacrifice themselves.”
“During the process, the person sacrificing must willingly go through unbearable pain. Any regret or resistance will render the attempt useless.
“That person must have a strong mind and unbreakable love toward Mr. Rhys for the treatment to
work.”
Linden’s explanation made everyone silent in thought, and their expression became grim. They thought of finding a terminally ill patient to fill the role, but it seemed like that plan wouldn’t
work now.
Then, who might fulfill these requirements? After all, even close family members would be reluctant to sacrifice themselves willingly.
“Everyone has the right to choose, so we shouldn’t force anything on anyone. I think we should give up.” Linden sighed again.
“Dr. Watkins, I’m willing to give it a try.” Natasha volunteered.
“What?” Everyone’s eyes shot toward Natasha, their eyes filled with astonishment.
“Ms. Harmon, this isn’t a simple matter. If anything goes wrong, both of you will die!” Linden
warned.
He’d made everything clear, yet Natasha still stubbornly insisted on trying.
“I know, but I still want to try.” Natasha walked over to Dustin’s bed and caressed his cheek.
Her eyes were soft but determined when she said, “He’s my husband. I’m willing to sacrifice
myself for him.”
Despite her calm tone, her love for Dustin was evident.
“Are you sure you want to do this, Ms. Harmon?” Linden frowned.
“I’m sure.” Natasha nodded.
“The pain will be unbearable. Are you sure you won’t regret this?” Linden asked again.
“Yep.” Smiling, Natasha bent over and gently kissed Dustin’s lips.
“If he doesn’t make it, I’ll die with him.”
Everyone went silent when they heard her words.
###Chapter 952 by Marina Vittori
“Goodbye, my love …” Despite being unconscious, Dustin heard a familiar voice speaking to him. He wanted to open his eyes, but he couldn’t no matter how hard he tried. It felt like his body had fallen into a bottomless pit and was still falling.
Fear and despair washed over him in the dark world. He didn’t know how long he’d been in this state. A year? Ten? Or maybe even a hundred?
Just as Dustin was about to break down, he saw a burst of light in the distance.
Like a drowning man yearning for air, he swam desperately toward the source of the light. He got
closer and closer until the light engulfed him.
Suddenly, Dustin woke up on the hospital bed with a gasp. Air filled his lungs, and his heart
began picking up pace.
It felt as if he had been reborn.
He took a moment to check himself and realized that the poison had miraculously disappeared
from his body!
Although he felt slightly weak, his life was no longer in danger.
“Mr. Rhys, you’re finally awake. I thought you would not make it,” someone said tiredly.
Dustin looked up to see Linden by the bed. Sweat beaded the older man’s forehead as he panted
exhaustedly.
“So you were the one who saved me. Thank you so much!” Dustin frantically thanked Linden.
It was nearly impossible to neutralize the poison in his body, so Linden must have gone through a
lot to bring Dustin back to life.
“It’s nothing. I only had to use my energy. You should be thanking the person next to you instead.” Linden sighed.
“Beside me?” Puzzled, Dustin turned his head.
On the bed next to his lay a beautiful but lifeless woman whose breathing was so faint her chest barely moved. She looked just like a corpse.
“Natasha?” Stunned, Dustin sprung up in horror.
He threw himself toward her and began checking her weak pulse. She was so weak she was nearly dead.
Dustin tried channeling his true energy to her, but all her organs remained unresponsive. He
touched her once supple and smooth skin, but it was icy cold and stiff.
“How could this be? What happened?” Dustin was terrified.
He couldn’t figure out what was wrong with her.
Despite all the medical textbooks he has read, he has never seen a condition like hers, much less
know how to treat it.
It felt like Natasha was already dead.
“Dr. Watkins, what happened to her?” Dustin spun his head around panickedly.
“Well, she turned this way because she tried to save you.” With a sigh, Linden began telling Dustin the whole story.
###Chapter 953 by Marina Vittori
From agonizing pain to reaching death, Linden carefully watched the entire process. He felt that
Dustin needed to know how far Natasha would go for the person she loved.
Dustin was dumbstruck after hearing Linden explain the event.
He never imagined that Natasha was willing to sacrifice herself to save him. At this moment, he
finally understood his feelings for her.
Still, there was no way he could accept her feelings for him if it led to something like this.
“Mr. Rhys, Ms. Harmon left this letter for you. Please read it.” Conflicted, Linden cautiously passed
Dustin a letter.
No one had ever impressed him as Natasha did. After all, even grandmasters might not be able to
handle the unbearable pain.
Yet, an ordinary woman could withstand the pain without complaining and did so without regret.
She was fearless.
Linden couldn’t imagine how much Natasha must love Dustin for her to go so far. Linden had
already given up on Dustin.
But Natasha made him realize that, sometimes, even humans could possess the strength of gods.
Dustin shakily opened the letter to see rows of neat, dainty writing.
“Dear,
“By the time you read this, I’m probably gone. Please don’t blame yourself since I did everything willingly.
“From the moment we met, I knew you were different.
“Initially, I found you intriguing. But unknowingly, I fell in love with you.
“You occupy my mind each day, and I constantly yearn to see you again.
“Your happiness brought me joy, and I felt sad whenever I saw you upset. This must be what love, feels like, right?
“Speaking of which, I’m kind of jealous of Dahlia Nicholson. She got to meet you before I did and
“Fortunately, I got my chance since she didn’t know how to appreciate you.
“Right, I have a question. Who is more important to you–me or her? I bet I’ve taken the lead now,
right?
“Oh, well. What’s the point of competing with her now?
“In any case, please live a peaceful and happy life for both of us.
“Don’t you cry for me; you’d better not forget me!
“I’ll be watching over you from above. Remember, be happy.
“Farewell, darling.”
Tears flowed down Dustin’s cheeks and fell on the letter. He wept as he read what Natasha had
written.
Like most men, he rarely cried. But this letter managed to hit him where it hurt.
“Oh, why were you so stupid? What am I supposed to do now that you’re gone?
“How am I supposed to repay you? You have to wake up!” Dustin pressed his forehead against
Natasha’s and whispered brokenly.
He hasn’t cried since his mother passed, but Natasha’s feelings for him opened his heart again.
He was sure he would never be able to forget her.
###Chapter 954 by Marina Vittori
Natasha’s peaceful expression was like a knife stabbing Dustin’s heart. He hated himself for causing her to end up like this, and he hated himself for being unable to save her.
If he could turn time back, he would switch things around. “Hang on! Switch?” Dustin perked up when he thought of something.
He looked at Linden and asked, “Dr. Watkins, do you have any Resurgothorn left? I want to save her by exchanging our lives!”
“Don’t be foolish!” Linden scolded him, frowning.
“Do you think Resurgathorn is food? It’s not readily available.
“Besides, Ms. Harmon sacrificed herself for you. The least you could do to make her sacrifice
worthwhile is to live properly!”
“I don’t want her to sacrifice herself. I just need her to be alive!” Dustin roared with bloodshot eyes.
“I don’t care what I must do and what price I must pay. I just need her to come back to life!”
Dustin begged, “Please, Dr. Watkins. You’re the best doctor I know. Please help me save her!”
He fell to his knees in front of Linden.
“You-” Linden was exasperated and tried to pull Dustin up, but Dustin refused to budge.
After a moment of hesitation, Linden gave in. “Fine. I might as well tell you the truth.
“Although Ms. Harmon is practically dead, there’s still a way to save her.”
“What is it?” Dustin lit up excitedly.
“Technically, Ms. Harmon should have died immediately after absorbing the poison in your body.
But Resurgathorn and Septemortis seem to counter each other.
“So, the effects of the poisons were reduced by half, allowing her to remain alive for so long,”
Linden explained.
“There are two ways to save her. First, you’ll need Phoenixwort. Secondly, you’ll need to find a
“Unfortunately, it’s nearly impossible to find them, so you shouldn’t have high hopes.” Linden
sighed.
He would have told Dustin about this if he felt it was achievable, but it wasn’t.
“Phoenixwort? Shadowbloom? Where do I find them?” Dustin pressed.
“Phoenixwort has the power to raise the dead and is a sacred item to the Mystic Arts Order. No outsider has ever seen it before.
“However, you’ll die if you barge into their territory!” Linden warned.
The Mystic Arts Order was the darkest faction in the world. Many formidable fighters were gathered there.
The faction’s current leader was also an ultimate grandmaster. Their leader was one of the most powerful figures in the world and was skilled in all sorts of magic.
That
person was so terrifying that even Dragonmarsh avoided them.
Dustin might be a young grandmaster, but he was no match for the Mystic Arts Order.
Even Michael, one of the five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno, could only flee when attacked by the Mystic Arts Order.
It was clear that the Mystic Arts Order was a place that terrified all martial artists.
“Then, what about Shadowbloom?” Dustin frowned.
He wasn’t keen on becoming enemies with the Mystic Arts Order.
“Shadowblooms are also known as Flowers of the Underworld. Similar to Phoenixworts, they can also bring someone back from the dead.
“However, this is most likely just a myth.”
Linden shook his head before continuing, “Legend has it that around five decades ago, there was a woman who traveled to the ends of the world in search of the flower. She wanted to save her ill husband.
“However, when she found the flower, her husband died.
“Since then, no one has ever heard from her. There are rumors that she hid the flower inside her
The furrow between Dustin’s brows deepened. “Who’s the woman?”
“Her name is Iris Meskill. Fifty years ago, she was the head of Jade Maiden Sisterhood and an
ultimate grandmaster,” Linden replied grimly.
###Chapter 955 by Marina Vittori
Five decades ago, Linden had barely started gaining fame while Iris was already a household name. He had the honor of meeting that impressive woman once.
“Iris Meskill? Jade Maiden Sisterhood?” Surprised, Dustin asked, “Dr. Watkins, do you know where her tomb is?”
“That’s why I said this is impossible,” Linden sighed. “Since her death, many have searched for her tomb, yet no one has succeeded. It basically doesn’t exist!”
“Just because no one could find it doesn’t mean it doesn’t exist,” Dustin answered firmly.
“I’ll find a way to find the Shadowbloom. If I fail, I’ll have no choice but to break into the Mystic
Arts Order!”
“Are you crazy? You’d be walking into the lion’s den!” Linden paled.
“That’s nothing compared to Natasha sacrificing her life to save mine.” Dustin had a determined
gaze.
“But…” Linden was at a loss for words.
“Dr. Watkins, how much longer can Natasha hold on for?” Dustin asked.
“That’s hard to tell. I’d say anywhere from three days to half a month. It’ll depend on her.” Linden
shook his head.
Dustin bent over to place a gentle peck on Natasha’s forehead. “Hang on, Natasha. I’ll be back.
“You said you’d lock me to your side, so don’t break your promise. I’ll save you no matter what, so
wait for me!”
With that, he spun around and left.
He had never looked so determined before that he seemed slightly insane.
In a villa with a garden on the outskirts of town, Edith and several disciples studied the broken
However, they couldn’t find anything out of the ordinary.
“Nikki, are you sure there’s something hidden inside the scripture?” Edith narrowed her eyes
doubtfully.
“That’s what that bastard said, so it should be true.” Nikki frowned uneasily.
“You might have been tricked!” Edith humphed.
They’ve inspected the scripture so many times but couldn’t find anything. What a waste of time.
“Madam Edith, are we using the wrong methods?” Nikki asked thoughtfully.
“Since it’s supposed to be a secret, it must be hidden so well that it’s impossible to find with just
looking.”
“Then what should we do?” Edith retorted.
“People in the shows would either soak it in water or burn it. Why don’t we give it a try?” Nikki asked hesitantly.
“Soak it in water or burn it?” Brittany nearly sprung up.
“Nikki Horst, are you crazy? The scripture is our treasure.
“How could you play around with it like that? How are you supposed to pay if you accidentally damage it?”
“It was just a suggestion: Forget it, then.” Nikki was a little guilty.
“Hang on! I think Nikki was right.
“Normal methods won’t work, so we have to take a more dramatic approach,” Edith said.
“Madam Edith, how could you trust her words?” Brittany was astonished.
“No pain, no gain. Since the scripture is useless now anyway, we might as well risk it.
“We might even find a surprise!” Edith replied before instructing someone to prepare water and
fire.
As the saying goes, “Without struggle, there is no success“.
The chance to become a grandmaster depended on this!
###Chapter 956 by Marina Vittori
Two copper basins were soon brought as Edith ordered. One contained water, while the other had burning charcoal. “Let’s try it out.”
Edith took a deep breath before tossing the scripture into the water. Everyone observed the scripture, waiting for something to happen, but nothing did.
Apprehensively, Edith fished the scripture out. Still, nothing seemed to have changed. “See, Madam Edith. I told you it wouldn’t work!” Brittany complained.
“Let’s try again!” Edith gritted her teeth and raised the scripture again.
“Madam Edith!” Brittany quickly stopped Edith.
“We can let it dry if it’s wet. But if we burn it, we’ll never get it back. Please think this through!”
“I’ve memorized all its contents anyway, so there’s no need to keep it!”
Edith brushed Brittany’s hand away and threw the scripture into the fire.
A puff of green smoke swirled around the basin as the scripture erupted in flames. It quickly turned into a pile of ash.
“Madam Edith, I see something inside!” Nikki’s eyes were sharp, and she quickly spotted the difference.
“I knew we’d find something!”
Edith extinguished the flames excitedly. She fumbled through the ash before coming in contact with a specially crafted gold leaf.
After washing the gold leaf clean, Edith realized a map was carved into it.
There were five words engraved at the map’s final destination-“The Tomb of Iris Meskill“.
“Iris Meskill? Isn’t that our ancestor?” Edith got over her surprise and was overjoyed.
She burst out laughing. “This is great! I knew our efforts wouldn’t go to waste.
“I never expected our ancestors to hide this treasure in the scripture. How lucky!”
Iris Meskill was the third–generation leader of Jade Sister Maidenhood. She stood out as the most
exceptional and promising leader in its history. Fifty years ago, she was renowned for her beauty
and skill.
Iris was also one of the most extraordinary female ultimate grandmasters in Dragonmarsh. She
was rivaled only by the Prince of Theswe’s wife, the Princess Consort of West Lucozia.
“But, Madam Edith, it’s written tomb here. There’s nothing about treasures.” Brittany was puzzled.
“You’re still too young to understand what Iris Meskill’s tomb symbolizes.”
Edith animatedly explained, “Iris Meskill is my mentor’s mentor, making her my ancestor.
“She was a talented woman who surpassed all men, making her our role model.
“She won countless valuables and jewels. She also had a hobby of collecting treasures.
“Unfortunately, she fell in love with a man she shouldn’t have. When that man died, she buried
herself and her treasures with him.
“No one knows where her tomb is.
“Before my mentor passed on, she told me if I could find Iris‘ tomb, I’d find countless treasures and
valuables that could restore the Sisterhood to its former glory!”
By the time Edith finished speaking, her face was flushing with excitement.
As an ultimate grandmaster, Iris had more treasure than anyone could imagine. Therefore,
countless people have searched for her tomb but could never find it.
Edith never expected today to be her lucky day.
“Madam Edith, does that mean our success is near?” Brittany asked, her eyes twinkling.
“Of course!” Edith tilted her head proudly.
“When we find her treasures, I’m sure the Sisterhood will dominate the world!”
“Awesome!” Brittany nearly jumped up in excitement.
“Let’s start digging right now!”
Brittany couldn’t wait to find the treasures.
““What’s the rush? We should study the map carefully to avoid making any mistakes.” Edith was
oddly calm as she forced her excitement down.
She knew digging out the treasures, even with the map, wouldn’t be easy. She had to ensure all
preparations were ready since there was no room for mistakes.
Edith glanced at Nikki and ordered, “You can leave now, Nikki. Brittany and I will study the map a
little longer.”
“What?”
###Chapter 957 by Marina Vittori
Taken aback, Nikki forced a smile. “Madam Edith, I’ve got good eyes. I might be useful.” “No thanks!” Edith frowned in annoyance.
“Having Brittany around will be enough. Leave.”
“But-” Nikki stopped talking when Edith glared at her.
The older woman snapped, “What? Are you going to defy me?”
“Of course not.” Nikki lowered her head and bit her lower lip.
“Get out!” Nikki was irritated.
“I’ll take my leave.” With a nod, Nikki left reluctantly.
Her gaze showed her discontent and resentfulness.
She couldn’t believe that despite all her contributions, Edith still didn’t trust her. It was as if Nikki was an outsider.
Yet, without her, Edith wouldn’t have obtained the scripture and discovered its secrets.
Nikki couldn’t understand why Edith would not acknowledge her hard work and favor her.
Worst, instead of receiving Edith’s thanks, all Nikki got was Edith’s anger thrown at her.
Nikki gritted her teeth and clenched her fists, displeased.
Once she left the villa, she grabbed her phone and dialed a number.
In a low voice, she said, “Dustin, I found one of the Sisterhood’s secrets. I’m sure it’ll be useful to
you.
“Let’s meet at Auspicious Restaurant at 8:00 pm tonight if you’re interested.”
8:00 pm at Auspicious Restaurant.
Nikki sat alone in a private dining room, feeling uneasy. She wasn’t sure if Dustin would show up.
but she had to take a chance.
After everything that happened, she realized it was better to take matters into her own hands instead of relying on others.
Since Edith didn’t trust her, Nikki no longer needed to prove her loyalty. Instead, she would use everything in her reach to bring her power.
Just then, the door opened, and Dustin walked in. None of his subordinates accompanied him.
“You’re here.” Nikki instantly lit up and stood up.
She was happy and relieved he was here since it meant she still had a chance.
“What’s the secret?” Dustin asked coldly.
“Give me Jade Maiden Scripture first, and I’ll tell you,” Nikki bargained.
Without another word, Dustin took out a manuscript and tossed it onto the table. He had
anticipated Nikki’s intentions, so he prepared the scripture beforehand.
“I like how direct you are!” Nikki examined the scripture carefully.
Certain that nothing was wrong, she answered his question. “Madam Edith found a map within.
the incomplete scripture.
“It’s a map that leads to Iris Meskill’s tomb, where countless treasures are hidden!”
“Iris Meskill?” Dustin stiffened, losing his calm demeanor.
###Chapter 958 by Marina Vittori
“Iris Meskill’s tomb? Are you sure?” Dustin grabbed Nikki’s wrist. Nikki winced as Dustin’s strong grip numbed her arm. “I saw it with my own eyes,” Nikki ignored the pain and answered firmly.
“Where’s the tomb? Tell me!” Dustin demanded frantically. Although he intended to find out about Iris‘ tomb through the Jade Maiden Sisterhood, he didn’t expect to get a lead so soon.
“You’re hurting me!” Nikki pulled herself free with a frown.
“I don’t know its exact location since Madam Edith chased me out before I could study the map. I only remember vaguely seeing the ‘Black Forest“.”
“The Black Forest?” Dustin frowned.
“Where’s that?”
“From what I found, the Black Forest is located in Lester. It’s a primitive forest filled with dangerous swamps.
“Due to its treacherous terrain, people rarely go there, and it’s never been developed,” Nikki explained
“That’s not what I want to know. I just need its location,” Dustin retorted icily.
The forest was huge. Searching for a hidden tomb without a map would be like looking for a needle in a haystack.
“That’s all I found out for now.”
Nikki shook her head before continuing, “But don’t worry, I’ll remain by Edith’s side as a spy.
“I’ll let you know when I get any new information. However, I have a condition.”
“What is it?” Dustin asked.
“If you find the treasures, I want half of it!” Nikki mustered her courage and demanded.
She approached Dustin because she needed a strong and trustworthy support.
“Fine,” Dustin responded without hesitation.
He couldn’t care less about the treasures. All he needed was the Shadowbloom.
“Alright, that’s a deal!” Nikki beamed.
She was surprised. She expected him to bargain with her.
“Let me know when you discover anything.” Dustin spun around to leave.
“Hang on!”
Nikki grabbed his arm and asked tentatively, “What happened before this was my fault, so I’d like to apologize to you.
“Can you forgive me? I hope we can still be friends”
Her eyes teared up as she put on a pitiful act.
“We’re merely doing business, so don’t bring that up.” Dustin brushed Nikki’s hand aside cooly and walked out without looking back.
He would never have agreed to meet her if he had no use for her.
“Why are all of you like this? I already gave in and apologized, so why can’t you guys give me a chance?
“Just wait till I make all of you surrender to me!” Nikki seethed through gritted teeth.
After a moment, she took a deep breath to compose herself.
She stored the scripture away carefully and made herself presentable before going into another
private room.
And there sat Samuel Franklin.
“Mr. Franklin, I have valuable intel for you. However, you’ll have to agree to my conditions first.”
By the following day, a shocking piece of information began spreading in the martial world.
###Chapter 959 by Marina Vittori
Apparently, the location of Iris Meskill’s tomb had finally been found. It was rumored to be in the Black Forest.
When the news got out, many martial artists rushed to Lester to try their luck. After all, such opportunities were rare.
Meanwhile, in a sedan heading toward Lester, Dustin stared out the window, lost in thought. Abigail sat beside him, chatting nonstop.
“Dr. Watkins told you to take care of yourself and take your medicine on time. Remember not to use your true energy, or it could mess you up inside,” she said.
“Also, I have no idea who leaked news about Iris Meskill’s tomb, but many people are going after the treasure now. So, the competition’s going to be tough.
“Oh, and one more thing. Last night, some skilled person broke into the alliance’s prison and rescued Spring Hill.
“The alliance sent people to catch him, but no luck so far,” Abigail reported as she scrolled through her messages.
Dustin, who had been zoning out, finally responded, “Spring Hill escaped? Who could have broken him out of the martial arts alliance’s prison?”
“According to Mr. Adler, it looks like Shadowslayer did it. The alliance was also caught off guard,” Abigail explained.
“It might have been possible if it was Dimitri Gonzalez we’re talking about. Still, I didn’t expect them to take such risks for a pawn.” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“Something’s been bothering me since Paul Hill’s death,” Azalea suddenly said.
As Abigail’s bodyguard, Azalea always stayed close to Abigail.
“What is it?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“I don’t know. I just feel that we’re being led by the nose.” Azalea crossed her legs and began
pondering about it.
“For now, just focus on the Shadowbloom.” Dustin closed his eyes, uninterested.
17
“Fine,” Dustin responded without hesitation.
He couldn’t care less about the treasures. All he needed was the Shadowbloom.
“Alright, that’s a deal!” Nikki beamed.
She was surprised. She expected him to bargain with her.
“Let me know when you discover anything.” Dustin spun around to leave.
“Hang on!”
Nikki grabbed his arm and asked tentatively, “What happened before this was my fault, so I’d like to apologize to you.
“Can you forgive me? I hope we can still be friends.”
Her eyes teared up as she put on a pitiful act.
“We’re merely doing business, so don’t bring that up.” Dustin brushed Nikki’s hand aside cooly and walked out without looking back.
He would never have agreed to mee
her if he had no use for her.
“Why are all of you like this? I already gave in and apologized, so why can’t you guys give me a chance?
“Just wait till I make all of you surrender to me!” Nikki seethed through gritted teeth.
After a moment, she took a deep breath to compose herself.
She stored the scripture away carefully and made herself presentable before going into another private room.
And there sat Samuel Franklin.
“Mr. Franklin, I have valuable intel for you. However, you’ll have to agree to my conditions first.”
By the following day, a shocking piece of information began spreading in the martial world.
###Chapter 960 by Marina Vittori
“Bastard?” The sudden voice startled the scar–faced man. He whirled around to find a plainly dressed man quietly observing him.
“Where the hell did you come from? You better stay out of this!” Scarface’s face darkened. “Please help me!” The woman thrashed around and cried out hopefully, looking terrified.
She had almost given up, thinking she would be violated. But now, someone was going to help her.
“I never said I was going to get involved. You guys can carry on,” Dustin said with his arms crossed, looking unbothered.
+
“What?” Dustin’s response took Scarface aback. Even the woman was confused.
Wasn’t Dustin supposed to be a hero who would rescue her? So, why wasn’t he doing anything?
Was he just going to watch?
“Tch, I thought you were going to help her. Turns out you’re just a coward!” Scarface sneered
“If you aren’t going to stand up for her, get lost and stop bothering me!”
“Exactly! Scram, or we’ll break your legs!” Several of Scarface’s lackeys chimed in.
“You do your thing, and I’ll do mine. Although, I’m curious if someone like you can get it up, Dustin commented, glancing at Scarface’s crotch disdainfully.
“You’re asking for it now!” The insult pissed Scarface off.
Without hesitation, he grabbed a nearby sword and swung it toward Dustin, intending to tear him
apart.
Dustin stopped the attack by grabbing the blade. While Scarface was stunned, Dustin swiftly
landed a kick on the former’s groin.
Scarface let out a pained cry, and he collapsed to the ground. His face turned red as he frothed at
the mouth from the pain.
“How dare you hurt him! You’re dead meat!” Dustin’s actions pissed off the other guys, and they
drew their swords.
However, Dustin swiftly incapacitated them with precise kicks aimed at their groins. The men cried out, clutching themselves as they fell, and piss trickled down their legs.
“Was it necessary to go mad just because of a few words?” Dustin shook his head and walked away.
He never spared the woman a glance the entire time.
“Hey, wait!” The beautiful woman in tattered clothes caught up to him, her ample chest bouncing
as she ran.
Due to her torn attire, she had to shield herself with her hands to avoid flashing anyone.
“Yes?” Dustin looked back briefly with a calm expression.
maliks foi nepy me just now. vanessa Casey. Wills you ma vanessa expressed nei gratitude.
Without Dustin’s intervention, she might have been violated by now.
“I just happened to be passing by and did what was necessary. It’s no big deal,” Dustin replied nonchalantly.
“You helped me out. I can’t let you go without thanking you. How about I treat you to a meal?” Vanessa suggested with a smile.
“No thanks, I’m not hungry,” Dustin declined frankly.
“What?” Vanessa stiffened. She considered herself rather attractive, and few people would turn her down.
Yet, this man seemed completely unfazed by her.
###Chapter 961 by Marina Vittori
But Dustin’s attitude only stirred Vanessa’s competitive spirit. “Hey, can’t you be a little friendlier?” Vanessa pouted teasingly. “It’s polite to return kind gestures. I’ll lose sleep if I don’t repay you.”
“You’ll be fine with a couple of sleeping pills. Goodbye,” Dustin replied curtly before walking away.
“Wait, mister!” Vanessa tried to catch up to him but stumbled after a few steps. As she fell, her torn clothing. revealed her voluptuous figure. Dustin paused briefly to remove his coat and tossed it to her.
“Thanks!” Vanessa quickly covered herself with the coat, feeling genuinely grateful.
“Vanessa!”
A man and woman approached. Their elegant fashion tastes made it easy to tell that they held a higher status than ordinary citizens!
“I’m here!” Vanessa waved at them, her spirits lifting.
“Where did you go, Vanessa?
“Why didn’t you inform us? We were so worried!” The woman in red feigned annoyance.
“What happened to you, Vanessa? And why are you dressed like this? Did something bad happen?” The man in black was puzzled.
“I encountered some thugs earlier. But thankfully, this young man saved me!” Vanessa recounted,
fear still in her voice.
“I see.” The man in black studied Dustin doubtfully.
“Thank you for saving Vanessa,” said the woman in red.
She nodded respectfully before continuing, “I’m Emily Hoyles, and I belong to Azure Mist.
“This is my senior, Nathan Hoyles. Mind if I ask for your name?”
“My surname’s Rhys.” Dustin nodded politely in return.
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Rhys.” Emily smiled.
“Judging from your accent, you’re not from around here, right? Are you here to search for Iris
Meskill’s tomb?”
“Hmm?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, surprised.
“How did you know?”
“Just a hunch.” Emily smiled.
“Lester’s been lively today, and even Azure Mist received news about it, too. So, other than tourists,
“Good intuition. I’m impressed,” Dustin complimented.
“Since we’re all after the treasure, why don’t we team up for safety? What do you think?” Emily offered.
Most adventurers who came today were capable, so working together would benefit everyone.
“I’m used to traveling alone, so I might slow you guys down,” Dustin declined politely.
“You saved Vanessa, so it’s only fair we repay the favor.
“You’ll even get a share of the treasure once we find it.” Emily insisted.
When she saw Dustin hesitate, she added, “The Black Forest is dangerous and filled with poisonous mist.
“People who don’t know their way around that place will get lost easily. However, we’re locals, so it’ll be safer for you to travel with us.”
“Emily/let’s not force someone.” Nathan’s tone held some annoyance.
Others would have jumped at the chance to travel with them, yet Dustin was still hesitating
What a fool!
“The Black Forest is dangerous. It’ll be safer if you travel with us,” Vanessa said.
She was grateful for what he’d done for her, so she didn’t want him risking his life in vain.
Dustin gave it some thought and agreed. “I’ll accept your offer since you insist.”
He wasn’t familiar with the Black Forest, so having a guide would save a lot of trouble.
“Alright. Let’s meet at the hotel’s restaurant tonight.” Emily and the two walked away. Before leaving, Vanessa glanced at Dustin.
###Chapter 962 by Marina Vittori
At 7:00 pm, Dustin, Abigail, and Azalea arrived as planned at the resort’s restaurant. The restaurant was spacious enough to accommodate hundreds of people.
Dustin noticed that there were already groups of people sitting together, chatting lively. While there were a few tourists, most of the guests were martial artists who came for the treasure.
“Over here!” Vanessa called out as she waved at them energetically. Dustin nodded in acknowledgment and led the others to her table.
“I’m glad you could make it. Please take a seat,” Emily greeted warmly. Nathan, who had appeared aloof earlier, perked up upon seeing Abigail and Azalea. He straightened up and tried to strike a handsome pose.
“Allow me to introduce my friends, Abigail Robinson and Azalea Larson.
“I hope you also don’t mind having them, Ms. Hoyles.” Dustin made a brief introduction.
“Of course not. The more, the merrier. Please, have a seat.” Emily smiled and gestured for them to
sit.
“Thank you.” Dustin nodded before settling into his seat.
He noticed several unfamiliar faces besides Emily and her friends. Judging from their clothes, they were also most likely from Azure Mist.
Even the weakest fighter among them was a low–level martial artist. They were stronger than ordinary martial artists.
But they were still no match for major guilds who would also be competing for the treasure.
“Mr. Rhys, have you prepared to enter the Black Forest?” Emily started the conversation.
“What preparations?” Dustin asked curiously.
“The forest is full of poisonous creatures and ferocious beasts, so it’s dangerous. You should carry antidotes, antivenoms, and other medicines before entering ” Emily explained.
“Things like insect repellents, compasses, and specially designed tents are also needed. They could be life–saving during emergencies.”
Abigail was bewildered. “Do we need all of that? We didn’t bring any.”
They had rushed over, so they only had a few personal belongings.
“It’s more like you’re here for a vacation, not a treasure hunt.” Emily teased.
Then she added, “But don’t worry. I’ve prepared all that for you. We won’t run out of supplies.”
“Really? That’s great! Thank you so much!” Abigail lit up, touched by the considerate gesture.
“However, these supplies are just a small part of the trip since the Black Forest won’t be our main
concern.
nale, we need to be cautious of our compenois. Cy stone grew serious.
She glanced at a group nearby. “See those people on the left? They’re from Ironfists and are known for their defense.
“All of them are powerful and claim to be immune to external injuries. We’ll be in trouble if we have to fight them.”
“Ironfists?” Dustin, Abigail, and Azalea turned to look at the muscular men enjoying their meal. The light reflected off their metal–like skin.
“Now, look to your left. That’s Skycrane, a major guild from Yuston.
“They often win battles with their clever tactics. So they’re also formidable opponents,” Emily explained.
“Behind me, you should see a bald man with tattoos on his head.
“He’s a ruthless killer known as the Skullsplitter. Few dare to provoke him.
“And do you see the blind elderly man in front of us? Don’t underestimate him just because he’s blind
“He’s far stronger than he seems. All of them are our competitors, so we must avoid fighting them until we locate the treasure.”
Emily provided detailed insight into the major guilds and powerful fighters. This helped Dustin and his friends avoid potential danger.
Dustin couldn’t help feeling impressed by her extensive knowledge.
###Chapter 963 by Marina Vittori
“Of course, even though these folks seem tough, we aren’t afraid of them,” Emily continued.
“But the real concerns are Boulderthorn, the Combat Priests, the Zen Order, and the Soul Reapers. Oh, there’s another person we must be careful of!”
“Who?” Abigail asked curiously.
“The young genius who recently gained fame after winning against Sir Augustus Kline!” Emily gushed.
“What?” Abigail blinked in surprise.
Emily was referring to Dustin, right?
Abigail looked at Dustin subtly. He replied by shaking his head discreetly.
They needed to lie low during their journey to avoid being targeted.
“Ms. Hoyles, have you ever met him?” Azalea smiled mischievously.
“Of course not. But I’ve heard plenty of stories,” Emily replied dreamily.
“Rumors say he’s handsome and has a strong sense of justice. More importantly, he’s only in his early twenties but is already a grandmaster.
“He’s one of Balerno’s rare talents and desired by many female martial artists!”
Emily’s eyes glimmered with admiration. It was hard for any woman to resist the young genius with a good body and extraordinary looks.
“You admire that man greatly, Ms. Hoyles.” Azalea chucked, a knowing smile on her lips.
She glanced at Dustin subtly, who was unfazed by her words.
“Who wouldn’t admire such a genius?” Emily replied nonchalantly.
Since she wouldn’t have a chance of meeting that man, she didn’t mind telling the truth to her new friends.
“Hmph, he might be impressive, but I’m not that far behind either!
“Give me another ten years, and I’ll surpass him!” Nathan interjected confidently, irritated after hearing his sister praise another man.
“You? Are you sure?” Abigail studied Nathan skeptically.
“Believe it or not, Ms. Robinson, I’m quite well–known in Yuston.
“Ask anyone, and they’ll tell you who the Little Dragon is.”
“That’s right Nathan is an incredible person!” Vanessa chimed in proudly.
“He’s one of the top martial artists in Lester and ranks third in Lester’s Supreme Ten. He’s also a genius because he’s already a divine–level martial artist!”
“Nathan could handle ten martial artists in this restaurant by himself with one hand!”
Several Azure mist disciples joined шe praise. Na was nearly grow in men excessive compliments.
But Emily smiled and stayed quiet. Her brother might be talented, but he was nowhere near the young prodigy’s level.
Still, she wasn’t foolish enough to pop his bubble of pride.,
“Is that so? You sound quite talented.” Abigail nodded innocently.
Still new to the martial world, she wasn’t familiar with how things worked yet. She could only judge that Nathan was an impressive individual based on his popularity and nickname.
“Both of you should stay close to me when we enter the forest tomorrow. I’ll protect you!” Nathan promised, patting his chest confidently
Suddenly, a wine bottle crashed into his forehead.
Wine splattered everywhere, and blood flowed down the side of his head.
###Chapter 964 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Nathan was caught off guard by the sudden attack. He touched his forehead, and blood coated his fingers. Without his energy armor, his body was slightly stronger than average.
“Who the fuck did this?” Nathan spun around and shouted angrily. “Damn it! How dare someone hurt Nathan!” Azure Mist’s disciple stood up furiously.
“Me.” A man wearing flashy sunglasses arrived with two martial artists in tow. His calm demeanor suggested he didn’t care about anyone else.
“Do you know who I am? How dare you attack me!” Nathan snapped.
“Well, I have no idea. Who are you?” The other man smiled, seeming amused.
“Listen up! I’m Nathan Hoyles, one of Lester’s Supreme Ten! I’m also known as the Little Dragon!” Nathan stated confidently.
“Lester’s Supreme Ten? The Little Dragon?” The man in sunglasses blinked before chuckling.
“Big reputation you have there. I’m terrified.‘
trified.
11
The two martial artists with him laughed simultaneously.
“How dare you!” Angry, Azure Mist’s disciples drew their swords.
“How dare you mock me! I challenge you to a duel!” Nathan seethed.
He had to set things straight after being mocked in front of everyone. He would never live down
the embarrassment.
“A duel? Pfft! Do you even know who I am?” the other man sneered.
“I don’t fucking care who you are. Not even God can save you after you hurt me!” Nathan roared, raising his sword.
“I’m Ken Shonde, son of the leader of Regalswords!” the man in sunglasses declared.
Nathan immediately stopped. The sword stopped right above Ken’s head.
“Regalswords? Ken Shonde?” Nathan paled in fear.
He wasn’t afraid of his opponent’s strength. It was his identity that scared Nathan.
Ken wasn’t a strong fighter, but he had an influential father named Ian Shonde, the leader of
Regalswords.
Ian was also the strongest martial artist in Lester.
Not only was lan strong, but he also had connections for being an elder of the martial arts alliance.
Even Nathan’s mentor would be wary of Ian, so Nathan had no choice but to stop his attacks.
If he hit Ken, he’d cause trouble for himself and his entire guild!
whats une matt
you were
“Come on, then! I’ll stand still for you, so let’s see it you’ve got the nerve,” Ken taunted, taking a step forward
Nathan gritted his teeth, pissed. He was strong enough to take on ten Kens in combat, but he simply couldn’t do it due to who Ken was.
“Go on! What are you waiting for? Are you scared or something?” Ken sneered.
“You talked about being the Little Dragon and taking on ten opponents earlier.
“Yet, you can’t even hold your sword steady. Are you a man?”
“You-” Nathan trembled in anger but couldn’t fight back.
“How could cowards like you boast about being in Lester’s Supreme Ten? How embarrassing!” Ken reached out and gently patted Nathan’s cheek.
It didn’t hurt Nathan physically, but it was extremely humiliating, especially in front of many people.
Nathan’s eyes turned red, and his breathing ragged. He had a strong urge to kill Ken now.
“Nathan!” Emily’s soft cry snapped Nathan back to reality.
Emily sprung up, forced a smile, and approached Ken. She apologized, “I’m so sorry, Mr. Shonde
“My brother had too many drinks and got carried away. I hope you’ll forgive him.”
“Well, well! I didn’t expect that loser to have such a beautiful sister.” Ken shamelessly ogled Emily.
“You must be joking, Mr. Shonde. We’re all from Lester.
“Our mentor and your father are acquaintances, so how about we resolve this incident quietly?” Emily forced a smile.
###Chapter 965 by Marina Vittori
“Sure, but I’ve got a condition,” Ken answered, raising an eyebrow.
“What is it?” Emily asked with a smile.
“I want you and the two other girls to come and drink with me. I’ll let this slide if you make me happy.” Ken smirked.
Girls like them weren’t ordinary, much less three. There was no way Ken would miss this chance.
“But…” Emily’s smile froze.
She knew what he wanted. It would be hard for them to get away after drinking with him.
“Why? Are you going to refuse?”
Ken’s face turned hard as he warned, “I don’t like being rejected, so you’d better think carefully.”
“It’s an honor to drink with Mr. Shonde, so you’d better not refuse!” one of Ken’s lackeys warned.
“I’ll join you, Mr. Shonde, but the other two ladies should sit this out.” Emily bargained, wanting to avoid getting others involved.
“Are you telling me what to do?” Ken snapped in annoyance.
“I said all three. You better serve me tonight!”
“Hey, don’t push it!” Abigail was unable to hold herself back and stood.
“So what? Can’t handle it?” Ken smirked, getting closer to her.
“Hey, pretty lady. You seem newer than the other two, so let’s start with you.
“It’s been a while since I’ve done a chick like you. I bet you’re going to be tight. Oh, I can’t wait!”
Ken licked his lips hungrily.
“You’re shameless!” Abigail grabbed her glass and splashed wine all over Ken’s face.
“You fucking brat, I’ll fuck you up tonight!” Infuriated, Ken tried to grab Abigail, but a firm grip stopped him.
“You have three seconds to leave,” Dustin said coldly.
“What?” Ken’s face tightened.
“Do you have any idea who you’re talking to?”
No one in Lester would dare to defy him.
“I don’t care. If you’re still here after three seconds, I’ll break your legs,” Dustin retorted.
People began whispering.
“Who the hell is this guy? How dare he challenge Mr. Shonde?”
“He’s clueless about Regalswords if he’s trying to be the knight in shining armor!”
The audience shot Dusum mocking gazes.
Regalswords was the largest guild in Lester. Their leader, Ian, was a semi–grandmaster. Only a suicidal idiot would challenge them.
“Three… Dustin began counting down, and a chill engulfed the room.
“Don’t be rash, Mr. Rhys! You mustn’t cross him!” Emily warned.
Things would get messy if Dustin attacked Ken.
“Hey, don’t drag us down with you!” Nathan shouted with a frown.
“You better let go, or you’re dead!” the two other Regarswords disciples threatened.
“Two…” Dustin ignored them and continued counting.
“Hmph, quit acting!” Ken sneered.
“Do you even have the balls to hit the son of Regalswords‘ leader? I dare you to hit me. I won’t even fight back. I-”
A loud slap echoed as Dustin slapped across Ken’s face before he could finish his words.
Ken flew back and crashed into the wall, stunning everyone.
###Chapter 966 by Marina Vittori
Everyone was astonished to see Ken being thrown back. Nobody expected Dustin to be so bold. After all, this was Ken Shonde, the son of Régalswords‘ leader, and hitting Ian Shonde’s son was risky.
“Are you crazy? How could you hit Mr. Shonde?” Nathan sprung up, shocked. He had endured all the humiliation just now, yet Dustin slapped Ken without care. This would bring trouble to all of them.
“Shit! This is bad!” Emily paled. She’d warned Dustin, hoping he would hold himself back, but he didn’t. They’d be in trouble if Regalswords retaliated.
“How dare you hit Mr. Shonde! We’ll kill you!” The two furious Regalswords martial artists began attacking Dustin.
“Let me handle this!” Abigail grabbed her metal club and fought them.
Her natural talent and Dustin’s training made her far stronger than her opponents,
especially when she used the staff combat technique.
Soon, the two men, who had climbed the ranks through flattery instead of actual skill, fell to the ground. They were no match for Abigail.
“What gave you the guts to challenge us when you’re weak? You deserve it!” Abigail rested her club on her shoulder and rubbed the tip of her nose with her thumb.
There was a proud expression on her cute face
“Are these guys insane? How could they hurt people from Regalswords?”
“When–Han Shonde shows up, they’ll be done for!”
The surrounding martial artists whispered among themselves. No one could believe that Dustin and Abigail were stupid enough to challenge Regalswords in their territory.
“H–how dare you hit me!” Ken staggered, his face a mess.
“Did you fucking hit me? You’re dead!
“All of you are dead! I’ll tear you apart!” Ken roared after returning to his senses.
Just then, Dustin leaped forward and gave Ken another round of slaps. A comment followed each slap.
“That’s for being a stubborn idiot.
“That’s for being a bully.
“That’s for your arrogance.
“Since your father doesn’t discipline you, I’ll do it for him instead!”
Dustin continued hitting Ken repeatedly in the face.
Blood splurted out of Ken’s nose as his head spun and his eyes rolled back.
Everyone was shocked by the sight of his swollen head. They’ve never seen Ken, known for being a huge bully, beaten up so badly.
Usually, people wouldn’t even dare to touch a hair on his head. Yet, Dustin was slapping the man as hard as he could.
###Chapter 967 by Marina Vittori
The slaps disfigured Ken’s face, leaving him unrecognizable. There was a bigger issue now. Ken was highly regarded as the son of Regalswords‘ guildmaster and was well–feared. So, how could Dustin hit him? Was Dustin out of his mind?
“Stop right now!” Emily finally stepped in. At this point, Ken had already been reduced to a bloody, unconscious mess. “You’ve gotten us into trouble now, Mr. Rhys!” Emily exclaimed, helping Ken up.
She began administering medication and other techniques to wake him up. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that if anything were to happen to Ken, Azure Mist would also be doomed.
“Damn it, we shouldn’t have sat with you! You only bring disaster!” Nathan shouted anxiously.
Why the fuck did they have to cross paths with a maniac like Dustin, who didn’t give a shit about Ken’s status or Regalswords‘ authority? Dustin must be crazy!
“You’ll be in trouble now that you beat Ken up, so you need to run away.
“Hurry, or it’ll be too late!” Vanessa was visibly distraught as she tugged at Dustin, who wouldn’t budge.
“Who dares hit my son!” A furious voice came from the entrance.
An intimidating middle–aged man stormed in with a group of martial artists following behind.
The man was Ian Shonde, the guildmaster of Regalswords and the strongest martial artist in Lester!
“Shit! Ian Shonde is here!”
“No one is capable of bearing his fury.”
“Hmph, it’s time to suffer the consequences for hurting his son!”
The martial artists surrounding Dustin and his group took a step back to avoid being collateral damage.
Many seemed delighted as they waited for Dustin to meet his doom.
“You’re done for! There’s nowhere for you to run anymore either…” Vanessa was devastated.
She wanted to help Dustin escape, but it seemed like it wouldn’t happen.
“It’s too late now.” Emily sighed regretfully.
There was no way Dustin would escape unscathed now that Ian was here.
“What a jinx!” Nathan shook his head bitterly.
Not only did Dustin bring trouble to himself, but those from Azure Mist were also dragged into this mess.
“Dad, you’re finally here!” Ken cried out desperately and stumbled over to his father.
He grabbed Ian’s thigh and wailed, “I would have died if you came any later! Just look at what he did to my face! Please avenge me!”
“Who did this?” Ian demanded, furious by how his son’s face looked.
No one dared to harm his son after knowing who he was. After all, he was the strongest martial artist in Lester and one of the martial arts alliance’s elders.
No one would dare to challenge his authority!
“That’s the guy who hit me, Dad! He even insulted you and said horrible things about you!”
“What? How dare he!” Furious, Ian swept a menacing glance over the room.
His body shuddered involuntarily when he spotted Dustin, and his knees nearly went weak.
Ian couldn’t believe the other party was Dustin.
As one of the alliance elders, he vividly remembered how terrifying Dustin was during the recent battle between the two grandmasters.
Why, Ian wouldn’t even dare to protest if Dustin slapped him, much less insulted him!
###Chapter 968 by Marina Vittori
“I’m in trouble now!” A wave of unease washed over Ian, the strongest martial artist in Lester, as he met Dustin’s cold gaze.
Ian couldn’t help being worried about getting beaten up. “What are you waiting for, Dad? Tear him to pieces! “You have to teach him a lesson!” Ken seethed.
“Shut up!” Ian slapped his son angrily. Ken staggered backward, his remaining teeth flying away as well. His eyes widened in disbelief as he asked, “W–why did you hit me, Dad?”
He couldn’t understand why he’d been smacked.
His father usually wouldn’t speak harshly to him, so what was happening? How could Ian slap him in public?
“Don’t you deserve to be disciplined after ruining Regalswords‘ reputation by bullying others?
“I should teach you a lesson for embarrassing me!” Ian snapped, delivering another two slaps.
“Pissed, he began kicking his son as well.
Ken’s pained screams filled the air under Ian’s relentless attack. Ian was so violent that outsiders might have mistaken the two of them for enemies.
Everyone was stunned by the sudden twist of events.
They expected Ian to attack Dustin. They couldn’t understand why Ian was attacking his son instead.
“What’s going on? Has Mr. Shonde lost his mind?”
“Who knows? He’s known for constantly defending his son, yet he’s acting odd today.” “How brutal! It looks more like he’s settling a score than disciplining his son.”
The bystanders whispered among themselves, shocked. They pitied Ken for receiving
Ian usually spoiled his son, and anyone who tried to harm Ken would face serious consequences. So, Ian puzzled everyone by treating Ken like an enemy.
“Um…” Vanessa, Emily, and Nathan were stunned.
They didn’t understand what was going on.
They thought Ian would get revenge, yet he beat his son. What happened to the selfish lan Shonde they knew?
“Please stop, Sir! He’ll die!” Regalswords‘ disciples returned to their senses and quickly intervened to save Ken’s life.
“Hmph, that asshole deserves to be taught a lesson!” Ian spoke like he was getting rid of the devil.
Still, he stopped when he realized he might have taken things too far.
“Everyone, today’s incident is due to my lack of discipline.
“I would like to apologize to everyone.” Ian turned around and nodded politely at Dustin
and his group.
Dustin calmly accepted the apology, unbothered.
###Chapter 969 by Marina Vittori
Emily, Nathan, and the rest looked surprised and at a loss. That was Ian Shonde, the great leader of Regalswords and the best martial artist in Lester! A person like him had apologized to them?
Were they imagining this? “Sir Shonde, you better teach him a good lesson once you return. It’ll be too late if he gets into bigger trouble,” Dustin said.
Everyone was rendered speechless and stared at Dustin in disbelief. Damn it! Has the bastard gone mad?
How dare he openly lecture Ian? Was he not afraid that he’d be killed?
How bold!
“Hey! Do you have a death wish? Shut your mouth!” Nathan was so shocked that he almost cursed at Dustin.
It was good enough that Ian did not blame him for beating Ken. But this bastard was going overboard!
How dare he criticize Sir Shonde in front of so many people? He didn’t know what’s good for him.
“Dustin, apologize to Sir Shonde immediately! Emily signaled at him furiously from the side.
She felt a headache coming due to Dustin’s reckless actions. They had barely escaped danger, and now he was trying to bring them more trouble.
Just as everyone thought Dustin would land himself in trouble, Ian surprised everyone by forcing a smile.
“You’re right, Your Excellency. I will make sure to teach him a good lesson. I promise you this will never happen again,” he said.
Everyone was startled once again. What was going on?
Since when did the leader of Regalswords, the ace of Lester, become so agreeable?
He even smiled at them when someone had just criticized him! They could not believe what was going on!
“Yes, that’d be for the best.” Dustin nodded.
“My apologies for interrupting your meal. We’ll be leaving right away.”
Ian bowed and hurriedly led his men away as if he was running away.
“Phew! We’re safe!” Vanessa sighed in relief once the people from Regalswords left.
“What happened there? Why does Sir Shonde seem so weird today?”
Nathan scratched his head in wonder. Ian’s actions had been bewildering.
“Perhaps Sir Shonde realized that it was their mistake. With many martial artists here, maybe he just chose to settle things nicely.”
That was the only answer Emily could come up with after thinking about it for a long time.
“No matter what it is, the most important thing is that we’re all fine.” Vanessa beamed.
“Hmph! We’re just lucky that Sir Shonde is a reasonable person. We’d be in huge trouble if he chose to make things difficult!”
Nathan folded his arms in front of himself and shot Dustin a glare.
“Hey! I’m warning you! You better not behave rashly in the future!
“I don’t care if you get into trouble, but you better not drag us down together!”
“That’s right! You put our lives at stake with what you did back there!” the disciples from
Azure Mist echoed.
It had been thoughtless of him, an outsider, to challenge the Regalswords in Lester.
“Alright, alright. Cut it out. Ken had overstepped a line earlier on. Dustin’s actions are
understandable.”
Emily tried to smooth things over.
Then, she continued, “It’s getting late, everyone. Let’s head back to our rooms and get some
rest.
“We’ll gather early tomorrow morning and set out for the Black Forest.”
“Alright. See you tomorrow.” Dustin nodded and left with Abigail.
Dustin had never been worried about what the Regalswords would do.
Ian was smart enough to apologize. Otherwise, he would have been beaten up.
Outside the hotel, Ian ran for his life with his son on his back. Suddenly, he shuddered.
He ran even faster. He was flustered and not his usual self, which confused his disciples. They even had difficulty catching up with him.
###Chapter 970 by Marina Vittori
Dustin and the rest of them set out for the Black Forest early the next morning. Due to the terrible road conditions, driving was not an option. They could only walk there.
Many martial artists had entered the forest since the day before. They were there to try their luck. However, the Black Forest was so huge that they lost all sense of direction when they entered. Most of them just walked around aimlessly, so it was difficult for them to find the treasure.
About half an hour later, Dustin and the group finally got to the entrance of the Black Forest. They could see many people making their way in, one after another.
“Ms. Hoyles, do you know where the tomb is located?” Dustin asked.
“Well, I have no information about that yet.”
Emily continued dejectedly, “Everyone is just trying their luck now. Whoever finds the treasure first is the lucky one.”
Though it was a wild goose chase, they had no other choice.
Their only advantage was that they were locals. Hence, they were more familiar with the
Black Forest, and it would save them more time.
“The Black Forest is huge. How will anyone ever find anything just based on luck?” Dustin
shook his head.
“Do you have any better ideas?” Emily asked tentatively.
“Honestly, I have an inside man in the Jade Maiden Sisterhood. If you trust me, Ms. Hoyles,
let me lead the way,” Dustin said.
“You have an inside man? That’s amazing!” Emily was delighted.
What a surprise! It turned out that Dustin was their lucky star!
“Hey, are you bragging?” Nathan looked at him skeptically.
“It’s up to you whether or not to trust me.” Dustin didn’t explain further and walked to the
front to lead the rest.
1/3
The Jade Maiden Sisterhood had entered the Black Forest an hour before they did.
As agreed upon, Nikki would leave some special markings along the way. All they had to do was follow the markings, and they could find the tomb.
“Come on, everyone, follow tight.”
Emily gestured to those behind her to keep up.
“Damn it! What’s so great about him?
“Ultimately, they’d still rely on me for protection once they entered the Black Forest!”
Nathan spat angrily on the ground as he watched Dustin walking in front.
He was the boss of the group. He should have been the one leading them.
How dare an outsider steal his spotlight? How annoying!
Their surroundings instantly became dark as they entered the Black Forest. The temperature dropped drastically, too.
At a glance, it seemed like the entire forest was covered in a white mist.
As it was dim, they could not see well. At best, an average person could only see slightly
more than 150 feet ahead.
Dustin walked at the forefront. The mud beneath his feet was wet, and the trees above him
blocked most of the sunlight.
He could even spot venomous bugs and snakes skittering out of their way at times.
The Black Forest gave off a sinister, damp, eerie, and dangerous feeling.
As they made their way forward, they were attacked by a couple of insects and bugs. It was good that they were all well–trained and constantly on the watch, so none of them were
harmed.
“The swamp gas is getting thicker. Take the medicine first, everyone.
Inhaling too much of the swamp gas will cause intoxication. It might even cause.
hallucination.
Emily reminded them to take their medications first. Everyone followed her order.
One reason the Black Forest was dangerous was the swamp gas. Ordinary men could not
2/3
“Quick, look! There’s a corpse here!” someone exclaimed as they walked.
Everyone looked over in the direction pointed, just to see the corpse of a man lying right.
behind a huge tree.
His head had been severed, and insects were devouring the corpse. It was a dreadful sight.
Two women were squeamish and threw up on the spot.
“He was stabbed right at his vital point. It must have been an ambush.
“Keep your eyes open, everyone!”
Emily unsheathed her knife and looked around warily.
The Black Forest was daunting, but men’s greed was even scarier.
Men seemed unbound by morals and rules in the forest that saw no light of day. It was
normal for people to kill others and steal their belongings.
“It should be right ahead. Let’s go over and take a look.”
Dustin heard faint voices ahead.
###Chapter 971 by Marina Vittori
Dustin charged toward where the voices came from. “Hurry up, guys! We don’t want anyone to get left behind!” Emily yelled and quickly followed. She was worried that Dustin might be rash and jump into enemies‘ traps.
After about ten minutes, they saw a vast plain. It was a barren land that was as wide as a football field. They could only see soil and rocks; no living thing was in sight.
Right in the middle of the barren field was a tomb that led underground.
The end of the path was black and seemed bottomless. Nobody knew what was in there.
There was a group of strong martial artists surrounding the tomb.
They guarded it carefully, looking around in alert. They were on the lookout for anyone
approaching.
“Could that be Iris Meskill’s tomb?”
Nathan got excited as they spied on the dark tomb. They kept themselves hidden behind
some trees.
Lady Luck was truly smiling upon them!
They had expected to stay in the forest for at least weeks. Who would have thought they’d
find where the treasure was hidden in less than half a day?
“From the look of things, this is it. But some people have gotten here before us.
“They’re the Ironfists!” Emily frowned, looking worried.
Ironfists was the largest guild in Jameston. Though it wasn’t as powerful as Regalswords,
it was close to being on the same level as Regalswords.
It would do them no good to go up against them head–on.
“Emily, they seem to hold two disciples of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood hostage. I guess
they’re waiting to claim the treasure.” Vanessa noticed something amiss.
1/3
The disciples of Ironfists guarded the opening of the tomb with their hostages. Once the
disciples of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood emerged, they would be taken by surprise.
“I’ve already given our mentor a heads up. Let’s wait and see how things go while we wait
for backup.” Emily was calm and composed.
She knew that they weren’t a match for the Ironfists now. She needed her mentor there to
back them up.
“I’m afraid there won’t be enough time for that.” Dustin squinted.
“Look around carefully. Do you see how many groups are lying in wait?”
“What?” Emily focused on their surroundings.
As Dustin pointed out, she noticed figures hiding in the shadows around them.
That proved that other, more powerful people lurked around in places they could not see.
“Who’s sneaking around there? Get the hell out here!” one of the experts from Ironfists
roared.
His booming voice scared the surrounding birds to fly away.
“Hahaha!” a loud laughter was heard as a group of men walked out from their hiding place.
A man with a messy beard was leading the group. He was muscular and had a bronze-
ringed broadsword over his shoulder. He gave off a murderous aura.
“Weston Greene? The leader of the Desert Hawks?”
Emily’s brows furrowed when she saw Weston
The Desert Hawks was a gang of bandits who terrorized the area. Their leader, Weston
Greene, was renowned for being merciless and strong.
Many skilled martial artists had lost their lives against him.
“You too, Sheaves! Come on out!
“No point trying to hide now!” Weston shouted, looking at his side.
As leaves fell to the ground, a group of men emerged from the trees.
Their leader looked like a gentleman. Though he looked harmless, his gaze was cold and
sharp.
2/3
“Magnus Sheaves of Skycrane?” Emily’s expression went from bad to worse.
The Skycranes were just about as powerful as the Ironfists. Magnus Sheaves, the eldest disciple, was acknowledged as a genius swordmaster in Yuston.
“We’ve got trouble.” Vanessa swallowed dryly.
Ironfists, Desert Hawks, and Skycrane were the three major guilds who were worthy opponents of Azure Mist. It would be quite a challenge to get the treasure from them.
“Sheaves, Neeson, it seems like several rats are still lurking in the forest. Shall we wipe them out before we get down to business?”
gaze
Weston smiled sinisterly as his gaze shot over to Emily and the rest of them. His held a killing intent.
###Chapter 972 by Marina Vittori
All eyes fell on them when they heard what Weston said. Their gaze was hostile and unkind. There were many divine–level martial artists present. They could hear everything within a 300 feet radius.
“They’ve noticed us!” Vanessa had a bad feeling. “Nathan, Emily, what do we do now?”
“Why are you so worried? I’m here. You’ll be fine. Follow me!” Dusting himself off, Nathan walked out with his head held high.
Though those were strong opponents, the Azure Mist wasn’t to be looked down upon
either. He had the confidence to take them down in a fair fight.
“Come on, let’s go meet them.” Emily gestured to the rest of them and graciously showed
themselves.
They had initially planned to watch on from the sidelines, but it was too bad that they
were noticed so soon.
“Alright, now that everyone’s here, how should we handle things?”
Weston smiled evilly with his broadsword still hoisted over his shoulder.
“I suggest we should team up for now. Once we get the treasure, we can split it evenly
among us.
“That way, everyone can walk away happy!” Nathan suggested.
He wasn’t greedy. Getting a portion of the treasure would be enough.
“What do you say, Sheaves?” Drake Neeson, the eldest disciple of Ironfists, asked for
Magnus‘ opinion.
Out of everyone present, Magnus was the one person he feared the most.
“I have no problems about splitting the treasure. But, there are too many of us here now.”
Magnus‘ gaze swept across the plain.
1/3
“It would be best if there were fewer people to split the treasure among,” he said darkly.
“Less? But who should we get rid of?” Weston’s eyes narrowed.
It was true that each would get a larger portion if they split the treasure three ways
instead of four.
“Skycrane, Ironfists, and Azure Mist are all decent guilds.
“Only the Desert Hawks are a gang of bandits. Who do you think we should get rid of?”
Magnus smiled ever so faintly.
At that, all the disciples of the three guilds looked at the Desert Hawks. They were not
even hiding their sinister looks.
“What?” Weston’s face fell.
“Sheaves, we are all part of the martial world!
“You should know that anyone who finds the treasure will have some of it! Are you sure
this is what you want to do?”
“How dare despicable bandits like you claim to be one of us?”
Magnus huffed. “I’ll give you one minute to get out of here. If you do not, you will end up
dead!”
“Sheaves! You’ve overstepped the line!” Weston fumed and got ready to kill.
“Neeson, Hoyles, since he insists on staying back, we will no longer hold back! Kill him!”
Without wasting another word, Magnus unsheathed his sword and charged at Weston. He
would pay with his life for not leaving when he had the chance to do so.
“Damn it! You’re dead!” Weston was furious.
He lifted his broadsword, bringing it down in a forceful slash.
A deadly fight broke out between the two. With that, a war sparked between the disciples
of Skycrane and Desert Hawk.
For a moment, the flashes and glints of swords slashing could be seen in the dark. Blood splattered everywhere.
“Wipe out the Desert Hawks!” Drake was quick to react.
With a roar, he led the disciples of Ironfists into the battlefield.
There was nothing wrong with decent guilds wiping out bandit gangs. They felt no sense of guilt at what they were doing.
Even if word got out about what they did, they would only be praised for ridding of the
bandits.
The Desert Hawks were few in numbers, so they weren’t a match for the Skycranes. Now that the Ironfists joined the fight, it was clear that they were on the losing end.
The disciples of the Desert Hawks were killed and severely injured. They did not even
have the chance to escape.
“Nathan, should we go and help out?” a disciple of the Azure Mist suddenly asked.
“There’s no need for that. The two guilds can easily defeat them.” Nathan shook his head, not planning to get involved in the fight.
###Chapter 973 by Marina Vittori
He wasn’t one to take advantage of those who were outnumbered. “Fuck you, Sheaves!” Weston roared. He was ultimately defeated by a stab that Magnus delivered straight to his chest. He slumped to the ground.
Within minutes, the Desert Hawks were wiped clean. None one of them survived. “How dare a gang of bandits challenge us? Insolent bastards!” Magnus huffed and flicked his sword to the side, raining drops of blood to the ground.
“Hey! Why didn’t Azure Mist join in the fight earlier on?” Drake turned and saw Nathan and the rest of them standing where they stood earlier.
They were clean, with not a single drop of blood on them. It was clear that they had not joined the fight.
“Two major guilds are enough to deal with the Desert Hawks. There was no need for us to get involved,” Nathan explained calmly.
Though he was only stating the fact, it sounded to the rest of them like he was trying to
act nobler than them.
“You did nothing and simply watched as we killed them. Are you trying to gain an advantage out of the situation?” Drake asked sinisterly.
“You’re mistaken. I never meant to do that.”
Emily quickly stood out to explain, “The fight ended too soon. We did not even have the time to react, and the Desert Hawks were already wiped out!”
The malicious looks all around made her feel uneasy.
“Hah! Do you think that I’d buy that?” Drake looked at them with a sharp gaze.
“Neeson, it looks like the Azure Mist isn’t on our side. Why don’t we join forces for now
and clear them out first?
“Then, we can split the treasure just between us. How’s that sound?” Magnus suggested.
“Hahaha! Exactly my thoughts!” Drake laughed heartily.
It was even better to split the gains two ways than three!
“Hey! I’m warning you, you better not do anything reckless!”
Seeing that they had formed an alliance, Nathan wielded his sword and warned them.” The Azure Mist is nothing like the Desert Hawks!
“We will not let you have your way with us! If you dare mess with us, we’ll bring you down!”
“Bring us down? Haha! What a joke!” Drake laughed coldly.
“If I join forces with Sheaves, wiping out Azure Mist will be a piece of cake!”
“Neeson, don’t waste time on talking. Let’s go and kill them all!” Magnus urged. His eyes
shone with killing intent.
“Alright! Today is the day I’ll show them what the Adamantine Body Art is all about!” Drake
laughed maniacally.
Just as he was about to channel his inner energy, the sound of flesh being pierced was
heard. A sword had stabbed him from behind, piercing straight from his chest.
Blood dripped off the sword.
Drake was caught off guard. He looked down in utter shock to see the sword sticking out
of his chest.
The attack was so sudden that it took him some time to understand what had happened.
He had been stabbed before his energy armor had been activated.
The question was, who did it? All those who stood behind him were his comrades!
With anger and disbelief written on his face, it took Drake a great effort to turn around. He
was met with Magnus‘ cold and sinister smile.
“It was you?” Drake’s eyes widened in disbelief.
“Why? Haven’t we agreed to work together?”
“There are no permanent enemies, only permanent interests.
“You’re the biggest threat to me here. I can’t be at ease with you around!” Magnus sneered.
The Azure Mist was just a second–grade guild to him. He wasn’t intimidated by them at all.
The only ones that he felt threatened by were the Ironfists.
2/3
He particularly feared Drake among them since he had perfectly honed the Adamantine Body Art. He was known to be undefeatable.
Once he unleashed his powers, he would be invincible. Had Magnus not sneaked an attack on him, it would be difficult for him to find another chance to win against him.
He had caught the exact moment when Drake had been letting out his energy and was thus totally defenseless. Hence, he chose to attack without a moment’s hesitation.
“You… you wretched vermin! Curses on you! You should go die in a ditch!” Drake roared.
“You’re the one who’s going to die!” Magnus let out a cold laugh as he swung his sword
down hard.
Drake was beheaded on the spot.
###Chapter 974 by Marina Vittori
Drake’s head fell to the ground with a thud. Everyone was shocked. No one had expected Magnus to pull such a dirty trick.
He was smiling and agreeing to an alliance just seconds ago. But now, he had chopped Drake’s head off. He was plain evil!
“Drake!” After they got over the shock, the Ironfists disciples were angered. Before they could even react, the Skycrane disciples began attacking. Following their shrieks, most of the Ironfists disciples were defeated within seconds.
As for the remaining, Magnus and his men surrounded and killed them off. They did not stand a chance against Magnus.
The Azure Mist had their guards up when they saw how ruthless the Skycrane disciples were. They pulled their swords out, waiting to see what they would do next.
“Magnus! I never thought you’d be so despicable to attack someone sneakily!” Nathan’s brows furrowed.
Skycrane was supposed to be a decent guild. How could Magnus resort to such
underhanded tactics?
It was shameless!
“Haha! What does it have to do with you? As long as I laugh till the end, who cares what I do?” Magnus sneered, not feeling ashamed at all.
He seemed proud of himself.
The martial world followed the rule of the survival of the fittest. Killing a few men to get his hands on the treasure meant nothing to him.
“Hah! Do you think you’ll remain victorious till the end?
“Don’t forget, I’m still here!” Nathan shouted at him.
“You?” Magnus looked at him in disdain.
“Who do you think you are? You are simply the lead disciple of a second–grade guild.
“How dare you challenge me?”
1/3
“You arrogant bastard!”
“How dare you look down on Nathan? You better watch your back!”
The Azure Mist disciples were angry when they heard what Magnus said.
Skycrane might be powerful, but the Azure Mist wasn’t to be messed with either.
Besides, with Nathan there, they had a chance of winning.
“Don’t be so proud, Sheaves! If you have the guts, fight me one–on–one.
“I’ll show you how I can beat you up!” Nathan shouted.
“A one–to–one fight? Sure. I’d like to see what you’re capable of.” Magnus smirked and gestured at Nathan to make the first move.
He had sneaked an attack on Drake because he was scared of him. But he was not afraid of
Nathan and the rest of them.
“All of you, stand back! I’ll teach him a lesson!” Nathan declared confidently.
“Be careful, Nathan! Magnus is very skilled. You shouldn’t be rash!” Emily warned.
“Don’t worry. He won’t be able to pull any of his dirty tricks with me here. Just wait and
see.
“I’ll defeat him within 100 moves!” Nathan was full of confidence.
He might not be able to beat Magnus in a group fight. But he had never backed out of a one-
on–one fight.
“Cut the crap! Here I come!” Magnus didn’t bother to continue chatting.
He raised his sword and charged forward. He moved with incredible speed and attacked
from an unpredictable direction.
“Another sneak attack? Shame on you!”
But Nathan was prepared for it. Wielding his sword, he leaped forward.
A fierce battle ensued.
They were both expert martial artists who had reached the divine–level. They were both also the eldest disciple of their respective guilds.
They had the best training resources and also learned directly from their masters.
2/3
The outcome of their battle was not only a matter of who would win. It was a matter of
their respective guilds‘ reputation, as well as a matter of life and death.
So, neither of them backed down. They both gave it their all, each attack aiming to kill
their opponent.
Magnus‘ sword danced about swiftly and mercilessly. His swordsmanship was
exceptional, and every move was unpredictable.
His incredible footwork made it hard to keep up with.
Nathan’s techniques were powerful, and it was clear that he had a solid foundation. He
looked like a strong opponent when he swung his sword around him.
But though he looked mighty, it was only a matter of time before he was defeated.
A series of metallic clangs sounded as Nathan slashed wildly. As he gradually lost his
patience, his attacks got more forceful.
On the other hand, Magnus had a slight smirk. He blocked the attacks in stride, appearing
to be toying with Nathan.
###Chapter 975 by Marina Vittori
“Nathan won’t hold up for much longer.” Dustin could finally hold it in no more. But what was meant as a warning received a lot of retorts from the Azure Mist disciples.
“That’s nonsense! Nathan is extremely skilled, and his swordsmanship is incredible! How could he possibly be defeated?”
“Exactly! Please look closely! Nathan is winning!”
“Hmph! Why are you on the opponent’s side and belittling Nathan? If you don’t know what’s happening, keep your nonsense to yourself!”
They shouted at Dustin.
Everyone could see that Nathan was overpowering Magnus! It wouldn’t take much longer
for him to win the battle!
But not only was Dustin not cheering Nathan on, he was even belittling him? How
annoying!
“You probably don’t know Nathan well, Dustin.
Vanessa proudly explained, “Nathan’s so skillful that he’s considered one of the top three in the younger generation of Lester martial artists.
“He’s earned himself the nickname of the Little Dragon and has defeated many reputable martial artists. It shouldn’t be a tough battle going against Magnus.”
“That’s right! You should watch and learn! See how Nathan defeats him!”
The disciples of Azure Mist held their heads high. They were confident.
Dustin shook his head, not saying much. These people were too blind to see what was
going on.
As time went on, the fight got intense. Nathan started to falter. Sweat formed on his brows
as he panted heavily.
“Azure Blade!” Nathan gritted his teeth and used his trump card.
He swung his blade even faster. For a moment, there was a flash from his sword.
The air around him swirled and sent sand and dust flying. The flash from his sword
1/3
“Look! Nathan’s using his best move!”
“Haha! Azure Blade will certainly defeat Magnus!”
“Keep your eyes open, Rhys! See for yourself just how powerful Nathan is!”
The disciples of Azure Mist were so excited, as if Nathan had already won.
But as their voices died down, they heard a scream.
Magnus had stabbed Nathan in the stomach and sent him flying. Nathan threw up blood
and lay on the ground, too weak to get up.
“Nathan?” The Azure Mist disciples were all scared and shocked by what they saw.
Didn’t Nathan have the upper hand just now? How did he suddenly get defeated? What
was going on?
“You… you deflected my move?” Nathan’s eyes widened in disbelief.
He had not expected Magnus to break through his most powerful move so easily.
“Hmph! I was just playing with you. Do you think you’re all that great?”
Sneering, Magnus looked at him in contempt. “At your level, you aren’t even fit to carry my
shoes!”
“You-!” Nathan glared at Magnus as he threw up more blood.
“Since you’ve lost, it’s time you go to hell!” Magnus whipped his sword and charged
forward.
“Hold it right there!”
“Protect Nathan!”
The disciples of Azure Mist rushed forward at the sight.
“You’re too full of yourself!” Magnus scoffed as he slashed his sword in an arc.
A blinding flash of light sparked from his sword and swept toward the Azure Mist
disciples like a giant sickle.
They were taken aback and raised their swords to deflect the blow.
All the Azure Mist disciples were sent flying with blood spewing out their mouths. None
###Chapter 976 by Marina Vittori
“How is that possible?” Seeing all the disciples of Azure Mist lying on the ground and throwing up blood, Emily and Vanessa exchanged looks of horror.
They had been standing at the back of the group, so they had not rushed up in time to help Nathan. What they saw was terrifying. More than ten elite disciples of Azure Mist were sent flying by a single slash of Magnus‘ sword.
His strength was horrifying! “How dare you bunch of trash attempt to challenge me? You’re just wasting your efforts!”
Magnus pointed at them with his sword. He was looking down on them.
He had only engaged in Nathan’s challenge for fun. Now that he had his fun, it was time he ended things.
“As expected of Magnus. His skills are out of this world!”
“Hah! How dare a second–grade guild go against us? They were asking for it!”
The Skycrane disciples laughed among themselves. The treasure was theirs now that they
had defeated the Azure Mist.
“Magnus! Those girls with them are beautiful!
“It’d be a pity to kill them just like that. Why don’t we have some fun with them first?”
One of the disciples of Skycrane pointed at Emily with a wicked smile.
“Oh?” Magnus looked over and nodded enthusiastically.
“Not bad. They do look fine indeed.
“If you want to have fun with them, you better hurry. Don’t waste too much time.”
“Hehe! Thank you, Magnus!” The Skycrane disciples were excited.
Their eyes lit up.
“Emily, run! I’ll hold them back!”
1/3
Seeing that things weren’t good for them, Nathan clenched his jaws and forced himself up.
He knew that if his sister fell into their hands, her life would be a living hell. Those monsters were inhumane.
“If we die, we’re going to die together! I can’t leave you behind!” Emily slowly lifted her sword.
She looked like she was ready to fight them.
“Stop putting on a brave front! Run while you can!” Nathan yelled at her.
He would give his life to ensure that his sister was safe.
“Vanessa! Lead Dustin and the rest of them out of here.
“Leave this to me!” Emily stood firm, determined.
“Emily! No! I’m not leaving! I’m staying back with you!”
Vanessa had tears in her eyes. Though she was afraid, she did not back off.
“Don’t be silly! You aren’t of any help here! Get Master Chasey!
“I’ll hold these people back. If Master Chasey gets here in time, we still have hope!” Emily told her.
“Emily…” Vanessa seemed helpless as she looked at Emily with teary eyes.
She knew that if she left now, she might never see them again.
“Don’t just stand there! Quick! Run before it’s too late!” Emily urged her frantically.
She had to get all of them to leave. That was better than them staying back and none of them surviving.
“I’ll do it.”
Just as Vanessa was stuck in a dilemma, Dustin stood forward. “Be it Skycrane or whatnot,
I’ll handle them.”
Emily and Vanessa had treated him well. He wasn’t going to watch them sacrifice
themselves.
“Hey, what are you talking about? I can’t even handle them!
“How are you going to fight against them?” Nathan asked rudely.
2/3
“Dustin, do not try to act tough now! Run for your life! There’s no point risking it!” Emily frowned.
That was Magnus Sheaves they were talking about! The lead disciple of Skycrane and a genius swordmaster from Yuston!
Even Nathan had been defeated so easily; what more, a small fry like Dustin?
“Don’t worry. They’re no match for me,” Dustin assured calmly.
At that, the Skycrane disciples stared at Dustin in disbelief before bursting into laughter.
“Hey, bastard. Do you have any idea what you’re saying? Do you think you’re on the same level as us?”
“Oh! I remember now! This is the idiot from the restaurant yesterday!”
“Haha! You were lucky enough to get away yesterday. You’re not going to get lucky a second time!”
The Skycrane disciples snickered, looking at Dustin like he was a moron.
###Chapter 977 by Marina Vittori
“Hey, you! I’ll let you live if you can withstand three of my attacks!” Magnus taunted as he lifted his sword.
“Is that so? I’d like to see how great your skills are.” Dustin’s expression remained impassive as he went forward calmly. “Dustin!” Emily grabbed his wrist.
“Magnus is much stronger than us. You can’t possibly win against him. You better run for your life!”
“That’s right, Dustin! The guy is terrifying! You’re no match for him!”
Vanessa tried to persuade him against it, too.
“Rhys! Stop making things worse! Bring Emily and the rest away from here now!
“You can’t handle the situation here!” Nathan shouted at him.
“Exactly! Even Nathan can’t win against Magnus! Do you think you can? Run while you can!”
The disciples of Azure Mist yelled at him to run away. Though they didn’t particularly like
him, they didn’t wish to see him dead.
“Don’t worry. It’s just Magnus. I’m not afraid of him.”
Dustin was calm like there was nothing to be anxious about. He walked forward.
“Dustin!” Emily still wanted to stop him, but the Skycrane disciples had surrounded them.
“Oh no… Oh no. Dustin’s done for now!” Vanessa panicked as if she had already
anticipated the scene of Dustin’s death.
“The dumbass doesn’t know fear even when death stares him in the face!” Nathan looked
at him in frustration.
“Oh, what a stubborn ass!” The disciples of Azure Mist shook their heads as they sighed
helplessly.
“Hah! You are too full of yourself! How dare you go against Magnus? You’ll die soon enough! Disciples of Skycrane laughed as they watched enthusiastically.
“Come on then.”
Dustin stood with an arm behind his back. With his other hand, he beckoned at Magnus with a finger.
The act looked like a condescending taunt to everyone.
“If you insist on meeting your maker, I’ll send you to him immediately!” Magnus sneered.
He launched forward like an arrow with a light tap of his feet. The speed at which he
leaped forward was shocking.
“Scattering Radiance!” Magnus suddenly shouted.
Then, a shocking radiance burst from his sword, blinding everyone.
A glow seemed to spread out from the blade, expanding rapidly. It reached almost 10 feet.
in length.
At a glance, it was becoming like a giant sword!
“So fast! And the glow from the blade is so blinding! Magnus used his killer move right
from the start!”
“The rascal should be proud to have died by Magnus‘ sword!”
The Skycrane disciples looked full of themselves like they had already won.
“Oh no! He’s done for!” Disciples of Azure Mist hung their heads low in misery.
“Dustin! Move out of the way!” Emily and Vanessa were so shocked that they paled and
exclaimed in unison. (1
Dustin should not attempt to block Magnus‘ sword, or he would certainly die!
“Impressive. But more style over power, I’d say ” Dustin stood still as he stared straight at
the blinding radiance of the sword.
Then, without ducking or moving out of the way, he punched the oncoming sword. Simple
and without any flairs.
As they came into contact, three explosions were heard.
On the first explosion, the radiance of the sword shattered.
2/3
On the second explosion, the sword itself shattered.
On the third explosion, Magnus himself shattered!
A deathly silence fell over the place.
###Chapter 978 by Marina Vittori
Everyone was silent when they saw Magnus explode into pieces. They stood there frozen in place with absolute horror on their faces. They looked like they’d seen a ghost.
Many of them even wondered if they were dreaming. If this wasn’t a dream, how can such a thing happen?
That was Magnus, the lead disciple of Skycrane and a genius swordmaster from Yuston. He was strong enough to defeat all the disciples of Azure Mist single–handedly.
How could a nobody like Dustin overpower someone of that level?
No, he wasn’t even overpowered. Dustin’s punch shattered him on the spot.
Just a single punch from him had shattered both Magnus and his sword. He had been so thoroughly destroyed that nothing remained.
Was he even human? He must be a monster!
“How–how could this be? Magnus–died?”
Looking at all the blood on the ground, the disciples of Skycrane looked defeated. They trembled, and their eyes were filled with shock.
It was hard for them to accept that Magnus, a genius swordmaster and the best among them, had been crushed by just a single punch! It was unbelievable!
“Am–am I seeing things? The bastard won?” Nathan’s eyes widened. He could not believe
what he saw.
When Magnus had wielded his sword, he had thought that Dustin would certainly die. But it turned out that Dustin had given him the shock of his life!
“Oh my goodness! How did I get myself involved with a monster?” Emily swallowed dryly,
astonishment clear on her face.
“He crushed Magnus with just one move! Dustin is amazing!” Vanessa was pleasantly
surprised that she almost jumped for joy.
She had been worried that Magnus would have killed Dustin. But by the look of things, she had been worried over nothing.
12
It turns out that the handsome and helpful young man was a hidden expert!
“He’s a monster!” The disciples of Azure Mist exchanged looks of astonishment.
None of them had thought that Dustin, whom they had assumed was a nobody, was so powerful. They now felt guilty and ashamed for their contempt toward him before.
They had to admit that they had underestimated him.
“Hmph! This is nothing! If only you knew that he’s the young grandmaster!”
Abigail mumbled to herself, looking proud of Dustin. She felt honored to have such a
mentor.
“You killed Magnus? We’ll kill you!”
After collecting themselves, the disciples of Skycrane began shouting. They raised their swords and charged at Dustin.
They knew that they would not be able to win against him in a one–to–one battle, so they attempted to overpower him with their numbers.
“Do not act recklessly!”
Just then, an old man with white hair descended from the sky. He delivered a palm strike through the air, straight at the ground.
“Boom!” An immense surge of true energy in the shape of a palm burst out from his hand.
It weighed down heavily upon the Skycrane disciples like a mountain. “Bang!” There was a loud explosion.
###Chapter 979 by Marina Vittori
A large crater in the shape of a palm was formed on the ground. The Skycrane disciples were buried in the soil and gravel in the crater. Some of them were severely wounded, while others died on the spot.
All it took was one palm strike from him, and almost all the Skycrane disciples were wiped out. It was a truly powerful attack!
“Master Chasey!” Upon seeing the elderly person, the Azure Mist disciples‘ spirits were uplifted. They gathered around eagerly as if they had met their leader.
The elderly man was none other than Walter Chasey, the leader of Azure Mist!
“Dad! You’re here! We almost died!”
Vanessa ran up to him with red–rimmed eyes. She looked like she was close to tears.
“Oh, you! You refused to train when I asked you to. Now you know fear in the face of danger!
Walter stood with his hands behind his back as he lectured Vanessa with a stern.
expression.
“Dad! They were too powerful! Even Nathan was no match for them. What could I do?”
Vanessa pouted, looking hurt.
“That’s right, Master Chasey. The Skycrane disciples were skillful.
“We were lucky Dustin was with us. We would have been in grave danger otherwise.”
As Emily spoke, she looked at Dustin. It seemed like she was trying to get Walter to praise
him.
“Yes, I saw what he did.” Walter nodded as he, too, looked towards Dustin.
“Young man, you have great skills. May I know who your mentor is?”
“I have no mentor,” Dustin replied.
“Oh? So you were self–taught?”
1/3
Walter was astonished and wanted him to join Azure Mist.
“Young man, I see your potential and talent. Since you do not have a mentor, why don’t you be my disciple?
“You’ll have someone to back you up in the future, too.”
“My apologies. I do not have any such intention for now.” Dustin shook his head, rejecting
Walter.
“Young man, this is an opportunity of a lifetime. You won’t be getting such an offer
anymore.
“Do you know how many people in Lester have begged to be accepted into Azure Mist but failed? Consider yourself lucky to be getting this chance,” Walter said proudly.
“Yes, Dustin! Master Chasey is halfway to becoming a grandmaster.
“You’ll learn much from him if you become his disciple!” Emily coaxed.
Azure Mist was only second to Ironfists in the whole of Lester.
Master Chasey was the second–best martial artist in Lester. He rarely accepted disciples.
“Dustin, my father’s amazing. Did you see the palm strike he did earlier on?
“He wiped out all the Skycrane disciples with just a single move. You have nothing to lose by becoming his disciple,” Vanessa echoed.
Her lack of opportunity to get closer to Dustin troubled her. But if he were to become her father’s disciple, she’d be able to be around him often then.
“Thank you for the kind gesture, Master Chasey, but I’m used to having my freedom.
“I do not like to be controlled, so I have no plans to become a disciple.” Dustin shook his
head.
Walter frowned, clearly displeased.
“Young man, think about it carefully. Many people are dying to become my disciples, but
I’m only offering the opportunity to you. Do you understand?”
He had always been the one rejecting others and never the other way around.
He was giving Dustin a great honor by offering him the chance to be his disciple. He never thought that his offer would be turned down.
2/3
“Hey! People are dying to have such a reputable mentor as Master Chasey! Why are you being so stubborn?” Nathan was annoyed.
It was an honor to earn the favor of his mentor. It was also an opportunity that countless people dreamed of and yearned for.
Dustin was the only one who didn’t appreciate it. What an idiot!
“I thank you for the offer, Master Chasey. But I’ll still have to turn you down.” Dustin stood his ground and shook his head.
“Hey, young man, are you looking down on me?
“Do you think that I’m not fit to be your mentor?” Walter’s eyes narrowed as his expression
darkened.
He had put down his ego and said all he could to persuade Dustin to join him. But no matter how he coaxed, the young man refused to take him up on his offer.
How unappreciative!
“You’re mistaken, Master Chasey. I never meant that.” Dustin frowned.
Why was the old man getting unreasonable?
“Hmph! I think that’s what you meant!”
Walter looked at Dustin, determined. Then, he pointed at Dustin.
“If you’re not convinced of my skills, boy, you can always test me. Try me and see if I’m fit
to be your mentor!”
###Chapter 980 by Marina Vittori
With how Walter tried to pick a fight with him, Dustin started running out of patience. It was his choice to choose a mentor and whether or not to learn from him. How could it be forced on someone?
Besides, Walter was just halfway to becoming a grandmaster. How could he be qualified to be Dustin’s mentor?
“Master Chasey, your skills are exceptional. Dustin would never look down on you. Maybe he just needs some time to consider things.
“Once he sees just how amazing you are, he’ll come to appreciate the offer.” Emily quickly tried to smooth things over when she saw things getting ugly.
“That’s right, Dad! The matter of importance now is not getting yourself a disciple.
“Let’s not get distracted from the treasure,” Vanessa tried to change the subject.
Though it was a pity, she did not wish to force Dustin into things. It would not be worth it to go overboard and ruin their relationship.
“I’ll give you three days to consider the offer, boy. If you change your mind within three days, you can come to me any time.
“But once the three days are over, the offer no longer stands. No matter how much you beg, you won’t get the opportunity anymore. Think about it!”
Then, with both hands behind his back, Walter entered the tomb.
Iris Meskill’s tomb was his priority today. He refused to be affected by a brat.
“Hmph! The most foolish thing you’ve ever done is to turn down Master Chasey’s offer! You’ll regret it!”
Nathan spat before leading the rest of the Azure Mist disciples into the tomb.
In his eyes, this was Dustin’s one chance at success. But he did not appreciate it. It was foolish of him.
“Dustin, Master Chasey’s just a very straightforward person. Don’t take it to heart.”
Emily felt awkward now that there was tension over something as trivial as getting Dustin to be Walter’s disciple.
1/3
“That’s alright. It’s just a small matter.” Dustin shook his head, unaffected by what had
happened.
“Alright, let bygones be bygones. Let’s go on and check out what treasures lay in wait in
the tomb.”
Vanessa was excited but nervous.
“After you, Dustin!” Emily smiled.
They quickly caught up with the rest of the group.
Once they entered the tomb, it was pitch black all around them. They could not even see
their fingers in front of them.
But they came prepared. Taking out their torches, they saw that the tomb was huge. They
could not even see the end of it.
The tomb had a damp, moldy stench. They could occasionally hear the dripping sound of
water droplets dropping to the ground.
“Look, there are footprints here. Someone must have been here before us. We need to make
haste!”
Walter, who was at the front, urged the rest of them. They had no choice but to hurry.
After walking for about 10 minutes, they noticed a spacious stone chamber before them.
Upon entering the stone chamber, they saw many crates scattered around it. The crates
had all been pried open.
Someone had been there and taken everything.
Glancing at the place, they noted three other stone doors in the chamber. They were all
shut.
“Darn it! We were one step too late!” Walter exclaimed, looking down and frustrated.
They had gone through much trouble locating the tomb but still ended up empty–handed.
It was infuriating!
“Master Chasey, there’s something over there!” Nathan pointed at something in the center
of the chamber.
Everyone looked over to find a mystical formation in the middle of the chamber. It was
2/3
Right in the middle of the mystical formation, a pitch–black sword stuck straight up from
the ground.
The entire blade of the sword was buried in the ground, leaving only the hilt exposed.
Though it was in a sheath, it radiated a sharp glow.
Anyone could tell at a glance that it wasn’t an ordinary .
Right in front of the sword, there was a message. “The Celestial Blade appears to slay all
evil; only by the Fated One to wield.”
“It’s a treasure!” Walter’s eyes lit up at the sight of the black sword. He immediately rushed
up to it.
But when he got near to the mystical formation, he paused.
Iris was a top–notch grandmaster. With her cultivation level, she could easily set up a trap
that could kill a grandmaster on the spot.
He had to be very careful.
“Ben! Go and pull the sword out!”
Walter took a glance backward and pointed at one of his disciples, who was very well–built.
“Me?” Ben swallowed dryly. He couldn’t help but feel nervous about it.
He wasn’t a fool either. He knew that that was no ordinary sword. It would already have
been taken by others if it were.
“Don’t worry. I’ll be here to protect you. Nothing’s going to happen. Go on.”
Walter pretended like he was going to protect Ben.
“Alright.” Ben had no choice but to step into the mystical formation.
Luckily for him, nothing happened.
He grabbed the sword’s hilt and gave it one hard tug. It did not budge. “Hmm?” Ben found it strange.
###Chapter 981 by Marina Vittori
He had no problem lifting thousands of pounds with his strength. How was it possible that he could not lift a sword?
“Try again,” Walter urged. Ben didn’t dare to hesitate. Taking a deep breath, he clasped both hands tightly on the sword’s hilt and pulled it upwards with all his might..
His veins popped, and his face flushed. He used all his strength, but the sword did not budge an inch.
“Master Chasey, this won’t work. I can’t lift it.” Heaving a long sigh, Ben was already drenched in sweat.
“What a piece of trash. How could you not be able to lift just a sword? Let me do it!”
Nathan couldn’t take it anymore. He voluntarily walked up and pushed Ben aside. Then, he spat into his palms and rubbed them together.
Setting his footing right, he grabbed the sword’s hilt and deeply breathed. Mustering up all the true energy he had, he pulled up sharply.
The black sword remained unmoving.
“Damn it! I don’t believe this!” Nathan frowned. Unwilling to accept defeat, he tried several more times.
And it was still the same. The sword remained motionless as though it was a part of the stone chamber.
“Master Chasey, there’s something odd about the sword. It can’t be removed.”
Nathan felt both ashamed and helpless. In the end, he had no choice but to give up. “I think you’ll have to do it yourself.”
“Hmph! I can’t believe you guys can’t handle such a small task. What an embarrassment!”
With a dark expression, Walter walked up to the sword with his hands behind his back.
He circled the sword once to make sure it was not dangerous.
Then, he grabbed the sword’s hilt. He gave it a sharp pull,
Still, the sword remained motionless.
“Hmm?” Walter’s eyes narrowed. He increased his force on the sword but to no avail.
With all his disciples‘ eyes on him, Walter felt embarrassed that he could not pull out the sword. Hence, he reached out both hands to grasp the sword’s hilt and crouched down.
“Get up!” Walter roared, unleashing all his true energy in one go.
The entire stone chamber began to rumble, and pieces of rubble fell around them. For a moment, dust and sand rained down on them.
It was as though an earthquake. It was scary.
The stone chamber continued rumbling, but the black sword remained unmoving.
“Too much! This is too much!”
Walter gritted his teeth. He had put every last bit of his strength into it but failed. He
kicked at the sword to vent his anger.
“That’s odd. Could that be a fake sword? Why else is it not budging?”
“If even Master Chasey can’t dislodge it, who can?”
“The Celestial Blade appears to slay all evil; only by the Fated One to wield.‘ Could it be
possible that the sword has a mind of its own and will pick its owner?”
Everyone exchanged looks of bewilderment as they whispered among themselves.
“Let me try.” All of a sudden, Dustin approached the sword.
Somehow, the sword looked familiar to him. He even felt a sense of liking for it.
He felt like they were old friends and were finally meeting again after a long time.
“Hmph! Even Master Chasey can’t do it. Do you think you’d be able to?” Nathan rolled his
eyes at Dustin in disdain.
“The sword has a mind of its own. Of course, you can’t do it with brute strength.”
Dustin slowly closed his eyes and began feeling the mysterious sensation from the sword.
“Nonsense! It’s just a sword! How can it have a mind of its own?”
“Don’t overestimate yourself, young man.”
“Even Master Chasey can’t do it. Do you think that you’d be able to? You’re just going to embarrass yourself!”
The Azure Mist disciples jeered, each with a look of contempt on their face.
Master Chasey was halfway to becoming a grandmaster. If he found it impossible to lift the sword, what more could a nobody like Dustin?
“Young people tend to think too highly of themselves.”
Walter shot Dustin a sidelong glance and said coldly, “You think you’re better than me, don’t you? Do you think that you’ll be able to perform a miracle when even I can’t?
“Mark my words. Nobody will be able to extract the sword. Not even the gods! If you can do it, I’ll get on my knees and take you as my mentor!”
He had barely finished his sentence when Dustin suddenly opened his eyes.
A dark glow flashed, and Dustin suddenly lifted two fingers. He pointed at the sword and lifted it upwardly with his fingers.
“Up!” he shouted.
A clanging sound was heard.
The black sword lifted off the ground and circled in the air twice before falling straight into Dustin’s outstretched palm.
Walter stood there dumbfounded.
###Chapter 982 by Marina Vittori
Looking at the black sword in Dustin’s hand, everyone was astonished. It was simply unbelievable. They had tried hard to pull the sword out, but none succeeded. And now, it came out by itself and flew straight into Dustin’s hand.
The most shocking thing was that Dustin hadn’t touched it the entire time! He had simply pointed two fingers at it and made a lifting motion through the air. The sword seemed to have sensed him beckoning it, so it launched out of the ground and landed straight in his hand.
But why? They had put in so much effort and thoroughly tried to get it out, all to no avail. Why did the sword come to Dustin just because he had motioned to it?
Was the sword discriminating against them? Or had it simply ignored them?
“No! No way! How could it have been so simple for him?” Nathan’s eyes widened in
disbelief.
Even Master Chasey had not been able to pull the sword out! Why had it gone to Dustin of its own will? What was going on?
“Oh my goodness! Am I seeing things? Did the sword just fly out by itself?” Vanessa gulped, unable to come to terms with what she just saw.
“Does the sword have a mind of its own? Is that why it decided for itself who should be its owner?” Emily wondered, shaken.
“The Celestial Blade appears to slay all evil; only by the Fated One to wield.”
Looking at the message on the ground, that was the only conclusion she managed to draw from it.
“You–How did you do it?” Walter’s brows furrowed. He lost his composure.
He could not understand why Dustin was able to pull the sword out when he could not.
Did the sword regard Dustin, the young man, better than Walter?
“I don’t know. All I did was beckon it, and it came on its own accord.”
Dustin looked at the black sword in admiration.
He was adept with swords, but he rarely used them. Because of his power, no regular sword seemed good enough for him.
But this one was different. It felt like it was tailor–made for him.
The blade was made of meteoric iron. It was so sharp that it could slice through almost any material. Dustin could feel an immense power within it that could destroy the world.
“Celestial Blade? Impressive.” Dustin smiled. He slowly caressed the sword, growing fond
of it.
“Dustin! Congratulations on getting a sword of your own! Seems like it belongs to you now.
“Emily smiled.
“Hang on!” Walter suddenly piped up.
“Young man, there’s something unusual about this sword.
“If I’m not mistaken, this should be a dangerous . It might put you in danger if you keep it around you. Why don’t I safe–keep it for you?”
Dustin raised a brow. “Sir Chasey, I think it’s fate that the sword chose me. It’s not dangerous.”
“I’m doing this in consideration for your safety, young man. You wouldn’t be able to handle such a dangerous . Let me guard it.”
Walter reached out to take the sword from Dustin.
It was rare to come across a sword with a mind of its own. He wasn’t about to let it slip through his fingers.
If he were to own the sword, it would greatly enhance his powers. He might even be able to put up against a grandmaster if he had it!
“Sir Chasey, I’ll keep it safe myself. Don’t worry about it.”
The smile on Dustin’s face started to fade. He was beginning to see what kind of a person Walter was.
###Chapter 983 by Marina Vittori
This old geezer was abandoning his morals for his gain. He was greedy to make the sword his. “Young man, let me make this clear. I’m not asking for your opinion,” Walter said coldly.
“Like they say, an innocent man will become a target if he possesses a prized possession. This sword isn’t suitable for you. “Give it to me, and you can uphold your honor.
“Sir Chasey, it sounds like you’re threatening me.” Dustin narrowed his eyes. “I’m just giving you advice–a wise man understands his circumstances. You’re still young, and you’ll have many more opportunities.
“You don’t have to destroy your future over a sword, don’t you think?” Walter continued.
He was determined to get the sword at all costs. He would have done this long ago if he
didn’t care about his reputation.
“Master Chasey, the sword chose its wielder. Dustin is fated to have this sword. What
you’re doing isn’t right, don’t you think?” Emily frowned.
She never thought her righteous master would completely turn his back on someone over
a sword.
He was even making threats.
“Shut up!” Walter glared at her.
“What do you know? This sword has no owner, so finder’s keepers!”
“Dad! Dustin already got the sword. Don’t tell me you’re going to snatch it from him?”
Vanessa said with furrowed eyebrows. She looked angry.
“Stupid girl, you’re my daughter! Why are you siding with the outsider?!” Walter felt embarrassed.
“I’m just pointing out the facts!” Vanessa said indignantly.
“Dustin saved our lives before. We haven’t even had the chance to repay him yet, but you’re already threatening him. You’re such a bully!”
“Hmph, if we hadn’t brought him here, he might never have found this treasure!
retorted fiercely.
“Not to mention, I just want that one sword. What’s the big deal? If we find another treasure in the future, we’ll let him have it!”
“But…”
“That’s enough!”
Vanessa wanted to say something, but Walter interrupted her angrily, “I like this sword. I
have to have it no matter what!”
“What if I don’t give it to you?” Dustin said with a cold look.
“You won’t give it to me? Don’t blame me when I stop playing the nice guy!” Walter
shouted.
As he spoke, his body exuded an overwhelming aura. He looked like a ferocious beast baring his teeth.
“Stop!” Vanessa stood in front of Dustin and defended him.
“Dad, Dustin saved my life before. If you’re going to do something reckless, then you’d have
to kill me first!”
“Move out of the way, stupid girl!” Walter flew into his rage.
He thought that the daughter that he’d raised would support him.
“Dad, we can’t be ungrateful! You taught me this!”
Vanessa bit her lip, spreading her arms wide to protect Dustin. She looked like she was
ready to face death.
“Forget it, Master Chasey. You’ll find a better treasure next time. There’s no need to fight.”
Emily advised.
“Shut up!” Walter was furious.
He slapped Emily across the face and screamed, “You ungrateful brats, I taught you to respect your teachers, not rebel against them!”
Emily cupped her cheek with a frown. She looked at Walter in shock, like she didn’t recognize him anymore.
2/3
She never thought that her master would become so uncompromising.
“Sir Chasey, you need to know where to draw the line. Don’t make mountains out of molehills,” Dustin said coolly.
This old geezer was blinded by greed.
It was a shame because he had such a great disciple and an awesome daughter.
“Enough talking! Give me the sword, or don’t think about leaving this place!” Walter
threatened.
“You want the sword? Fine, I’ll give it to you.” Dustin nodded and flung the sword.
It spun in the air a few times before lodging itself back in the mystical formation, just like how it was before.
“Go on, pull it out if you can.”
###Chapter 984 by Marina Vittori
“Go on, pull it out if you can. Dustin didn’t want to waste his breath any longer. He tossed the sword back to its original spot and walked out the stone doors.
There were three stone doors in the stone room. Dustin simply chose one and entered. He didn’t prolong the situation for Emily’s and Vanessa’s sake. Instead, he chose to go his separate way.
After all, it wasn’t like Walter could retrieve the sword. There was no harm in leaving the sword here.
The most important thing was the Shadowbloom.
Once he found the Shadowbloom, he could still return and get the sword.
“Stop right there, punk!”
As Walter watched Dustin walk away, his anger flared. He raised his hand and was about to
deliver a lethal blow.
“Stop!” At that moment, Vanessa suddenly jumped between them.
Walter jumped in fright. Afraid that he would accidentally injure his daughter, he stopped
himself.
Ultimately, he watched Dustin and the two others slowly walk into the darkness.
“Stupid girl, how dare you go against me over an outsider? You’re incredibly foolish!”
Walter stamped his foot in disappointment.
How did he raise such an ungrateful child?
“Dad, the treasure is important, but you can’t give up your conscience!” Vanessa said
righteously.
“You-”
Walter raised his hand to hit her, but in the end, he stopped himself.
He only had one precious daughter. He couldn’t hurt her.
1/3
“Master Chasey, he is gone, but the sword is here. Why don’t we try again?” Emily said
tentatively.
“Hmph! I refuse to believe that only that punk can pull it out!”
Walter gritted his teeth and approached the sword again. Then, he grabbed the hilt with
both hands and tried to lift it.
However, the sword didn’t budge. It reacted differently than it did in Dustin’s presence.
“Useless! Trash! I’ll destroy you!”
Walter tried a few more times, and his embarrassment turned into anger.
Since he couldn’t get it, he wanted to destroy it. He slammed his palm on the hilt of the
sword.
“Boom!” There was an explosion.
The sword didn’t move. Instead, an invisible force forced Walter to stagger backward.
Suddenly, blood rushed through him, and his arm went numb.
He couldn’t pull it out nor destroy it. He was about to die from frustration.
After composing himself, he left two disciples there to guard it. Then, he led the rest of the
group through the other stone door.
There was no point in trying. Perhaps there were better treasures inside.
Inside the dim tunnel, Abigail was still upset. “Sir, that old bastard crossed the line. Why
didn’t you teach him a lesson?”
“There’s no need to create additional problems for ourselves. Let’s find the Shadowbloom
first,” Dustin said indifferently.
The sword had already bonded with him. He could summon it anytime, so he wasn’t
worried it’d get stolen.
As they were walking, Azalea stopped in her tracks. “Doctor, there’s another crossroad
ahead.”
At some point, a crossroad had appeared.
2/3
Looking into it, they saw that each cave was unfathomably deep. It was pitch black, so they had no idea where it led.
“Why is this place just like a maze? There are all sorts of crossroads.” Abigail frowned,
looking nervous.
If they took the wrong road, would they be in danger?
“Keep walking forward.”
Dustin swept his gaze over his surroundings and quickly found his bearings.
They continued trudging ahead, following the twists and turns of the tunnel. After half an
hour of walking, they saw a bright light.
They picked up the pace. They realized it was a brightly lit burial chamber when they got
closer.
The burial chamber was huge. All sorts of lifelike humanoid statues surrounded it.
In the very middle of the statues was a giant bronze coffin.
**
There were all sorts of strange symbols covering the coffin. It looked like it was filled with
dark energy.
“Sir, don’t you feel like this place is eerie?” Abigail shrunk backward. For some reason, she
felt nervous.
Those lifelike stone statues next to the coffin creeped her out the most. Their cold, beady
eyes seemed to be staring straight at her.
Goosebumps broke out on her skin.
“They’re just statues. What are you afraid of?”
Dustin looked around, but he didn’t sense any living creatures.
“Doctor, there are some writings here.” Azalea stepped forward to find a stone tablet in
front of the coffin.
On the stone tablet were the words, “Disciple of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood; Kowtow thrice before the tomb.”
###Chapter 985 by Marina Vittori
“Sir, we’re not disciples of the Jade Maiden Sisterhood. Should we pray?” Abigail asked. “We should respect the dead,” Dustin said, nodding.
Iris was a great legend. Although she already passed, she deserved to be respected. “Okay.” Abigail agreed. She kneeled in front of the stone tablet and kowtowed.
Suddenly, the stone tablet began rumbling. It sunk into the earth and disappeared. Then, an exquisite box emerged from the stone tablet’s original spot.
“Sir, there’s something here!” Abigail’s eyes lit up, and she immediately opened the box.
A golden pearl was Inside the wooden box. It was dazzling and sparkling.
The golden liquid inside was spinning like a whirlpool. It was absorbing the spiritual energy from its surroundings.
“Oh my gosh, is this the Celestial Pearl?!” Azalea’s eyes grew wide with shock.
Even the ever–composed Dustin was surprised.
He never thought the box would contain a legendary sacred relic of the martial world–the
Celestial Pearl!
“What’s a Celestial Pearl?” Abigail cocked her head in confusion.
Wasn’t it just a pretty jewel? Why were they freaking out?
“Abigail, you struck gold this time!” Azalea was jumping out and down in excitement.
“The Celestial Pearl is one of the three major sacred relics. It’s the best, something that numerous martial artists could only dream of!
“Its biggest use is in increasing the speed of cultivation by 10 to 100 times! With the Celestial Pearl, a loser could become a genius overnight!
“Of course, if a genius got their hands on this treasure, their power would be unimaginable!
“It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that once the Celestial Pearl appears, there will be a
bloodbath in the martial world!”
By the end of her explanation, her face was flushed.
1/3
This prized treasure in front of them could make someone a whole new person and achieve great heights!
Who wouldn’t be envious?
“Huh, it’s that powerful?” Abigail was shocked and found it hard to comprehend the
situation.
She’d assumed that it was some kind of decorative jewelry. She didn’t think it was such a
big deal.
“Abigail, remember, you can’t tell anyone about the Celestial Pearl. Or else, there’ll be consequences!” Dustin warned her sternly.
Even he couldn’t help but feel a desire for this treasure.
“Sir, this is too precious. I can’t take care of it. You should take it.”
Abigail was a little scared, so she handed the Celestial Pearl to Dustin without a second
thought.
“Abigail, you-!” Azalea’s eyes widened in disbelief.
Was that girl stupid? Did she give away this treasure that could change one’s fate that
others desperately search for?
Even a fool wouldn’t do this!
“You silly girl, you’re the one who followed the writings, so the Celestial Pearl naturally belongs to you. You keep it.” Dustin smiled and pushed her hand back.
“What?” Azalea was once again dumbfounded.
She thought Dustin would be overjoyed, but he unexpectedly turned it down.
Was he also stupid?
“Sir, you’re more talented than me. You would use it better.” Abigail shoved it to him again.
“If I use it now, I won’t improve much. A beginner like you needs it to increase your cultivation speed.” Dustin pushed it back.
“I don’t want it, you take it!”
“Don’t be silly, keep it!”
“I don’t even want it!”
“You need it!”
The both of them pushed it back and forth. In the end, they got so worked up that they
almost fought.
At the side, Azalea’s lips twitched. She looked at the scene before her, not knowing how to
feel about it.
Did they think this was a game?
This was a fucking sacred relic of the martial world!
This treasure made countless martial artists crazy with desire!
Could the two of them at least show it some respect?!
###Chapter 986 by Marina Vittori
Seeing the two of them fight non–stop, Azalea couldn’t stand it anymore. “If neither of you wants it, why don’t you give it to me?”
If she was shameless enough, they might give it to her. “Don’t be stupid!” Dustin glared at her. He forced the Celestial Pearl back into Abigail’s pocket and said, “Take care of it. This treasure chose you. If you push it back, I’ll be mad!”
“Oh okay, then. I’ll use it for a while, then give it to you.” After hesitating, Abigail still decided to keep it close to her.
She thought that once she grew stronger, she could help Dustin more.
When she touched the Celestial Pearl, she could feel a cooling energy flow into her body
and her core. It empowered her internal energy and strengthened her circulatory
pathways.
If this continued, she would have another breakthrough within three to five days.
Her cultivation speed was advancing fast!
“Alright, let’s look around. Do you see any Shadowblooms here?”
Without wasting time, Dustin began searching all over.
The tomb contained many treasures. There were powerful weapons, ancient martial arts texts, and priceless artifacts.
Each item’s worth could give a person a comfortable lifestyle for a lifetime.
However, Dustin wasn’t interested in these. On the other hand, Azalea took everything
that she could find.
After searching the entire tomb, Dustin didn’t find any Shadowblooms.
The only place he hadn’t searched yet was the bronze coffin.
“Sorry!” Dustin faced the coffin and bowed deeply. Then, he pressed his palm to the
coffin’s lid and pushed.
Metallic creaking sounded as the coffin slowly opened. Dust rained down below.
1/3
When Dustin looked inside, his eyes widened.
He found the remains of a man wearing a beautiful suit.
On his chest was an exquisite flower.
The entire flower was black, and it emitted a dim glow.
It gave off a mysterious, sad, gloomy, yet beautiful feeling.
It was eerie and enchanting but also fierce. It looked like it came from another world.
With just one glance, he was captivated. This flower was none other than the
Shadowbloom.
“As I thought, it’s here!” Dustin was overjoyed.
With this Shadowbloom, Natasha could be saved.
“Please forgive me for offending you.”
Dustin bowed another time, then reached for the Shadowbloom.
“Sir, behind you!” Abigail suddenly exclaimed.
“What?”
Dustin turned his head. One of the stone statues behind him was suddenly moving.
There was a crackle as the statue’s outer layer began to crack and fall off piece by piece.
Then, the statue’s eyes snapped open!
The stone layer on its body exploded when it opened his eyes.
At the same time, a white figure burst through the rock and slammed Dustin in the chest.
Frowning, Dustin raised his arm in response.
“Boom!”
When both of them touched, Dustin staggered backward from the momentum, wobbling
on his feet.
Every step backward that he took left a deep footprint on the ground.
On the other hand, the white figure landed gently on the ground. White mist swirled
around it, giving it a holy yet evil aura.
###Chapter 987 by Marina Vittori
Abigail was shocked. She hid behind Azalea, trembling. She was fearless in most aspects, but supernatural stuff scared her. “Who are you?” Dustin frowned, his face hardened.
He was caught off guard. But the fact that the person could push him back with a single palm strike proved their strength. The person before him was definitely an ultimate grandmaster!
“This is my tomb. Who do you think I am?”
The mist surrounding the figure dissipated.
Soon, they saw the face of a white–haired woman with a youthful appearance appear
before them. She possessed a beauty that could captivate nations.
Even with white hair, her face looked like she didn’t age. Her deep eyes seemed to have witnessed and seen all of life’s experiences through everything.
“Your tomb?” Dustin was stunned.
His expression then shifted. “Are you Iris Meskill?”
“Iris Meskill?” Even Abigail and Azalea were stunned, their face full of disbelief.
Didn’t Iris die 50 years ago? Why was she alive? What was happening?
“You know my name, yet you dare steal from my tomb? Are you asking for death?”
Iris’s tone was calm, yet it conveyed chilling pressure.
“Madam Iris, we didn’t come here to steal from you. We’re here to obtain the Shadowbloom
to save a life,” Dustin explained.
“Do you know how precious the Shadowbloom is? Why should I give it to you?” she replied
impassively.
“Please state your conditions, and I’ll fulfill them as best as possible.” Dustin bowed
respectfully.
“Conditions?” Iris snorted.
1/3
“If you can revive my husband, I’ll give it to you.”
“Madam Iris, this is a difficult request.”
Dustin frowned slightly. “How can a dead man be brought back to life?”
There was nothing but bones left of the person in the coffin. Not even God could bring him
back to life.
“Since you know that the dead can’t be brought back to life, don’t covet the Shadowbloom
anymore.
“Since you were polite earlier, I won’t kill you. Leave.” Iris waved her hand dismissively.
“Madam Iris, I must take this flower back with me!” Dustin was determined.
“Take? What makes you think you can?” Iris‘ gaze grew colder.
“I’d like to try.” Dustin was solemn.
“Aren’t you afraid of death?” She narrowed her eyes.
“Even if I die, I must take this flower back!” Dustin was resolute.
“Very well, I’ll grant your wish!”
Iris‘ anger flared, and she leaped into the air. Her palm strike was aimed at Dustin.
Although it seemed like a harmless strike, it carried explosive power that could
disintegrate a person.
Dustin felt his scalp tingle before it hit him, and every hair on his body stood on its end. A
sense of danger surged within him.
Fifty years ago, Iris was already a top ultimate grandmaster. After 50 years, her cultivation. had reached an unimaginable level, surpassing all others.
“I’m giving it all I got!”
Dustin gritted his teeth. He jabbed a silver needle into the back of his head.
This was the Rhys family’s secret technique. By sacrificing a portion of their life force,
they could bring out their untapped potential and gain a temporary boost in strength.
Dustin’s eyes turned bloodshot as the needle entered his body, and his veins bulged
against his skin.
2/3
Energy surged within him like an erupting volcano. He was unstoppable.
Breaking through the constraints of a grandmaster, he took a huge leap forward and stepped into the realm of an ultimate grandmaster!
###Chapter 988 by Marina Vittori
At the same time Dustin broke through a new realm, Iris‘ killing palm strike was about to land on him. Dustin couldn’t evade in time and had to face her head–on. Similarly, he extended a palm strike.
The moment their palms met, an explosion rang out. Dustin flew back like a cannonball. He crashed into the wall behind him, leaving a human- shaped dent in.
The entire chamber shook, causing stones to fall. Dustin felt a sharp pain in his throat and spat a mouthful of blood. His complexion turned pale.
“Sir!” Abigail’s expression shifted. She was about to rush up to help but was grabbed by Azalea. Azalea knew they had no place in a fight of that magnitude.
Iris was already a revered figure 50 years ago. After years of seclusion, she was now invincible, a true immortal of earth!
It was impressive that Dustin wasn’t killed on the spot before such a terrifying figure.
“You are skilled. Unfortunately, you are too young.
“Leave. I don’t wish to kill you,” Iris said indifferently, her hands behind her back.
He could become the chosen one since he achieved such strength in his twenties. Even she might have been weaker than him in those years.
Dustin coughed and struggled as he crawled. He felt as if his body was about to fall apart.
Defeated by a single strike, Dutin was completely outmatched!
Even when he used his secret technique to break through a new realm, he was still
incomparable to Iris. He couldn’t even defend against her.
“I must bring home the Shadowbloom today.”
Dustin wiped the blood off the corner of his mouth and staggered forward resolutely.
1/2
“You’re asking for death!” Iris‘ gaze grew even colder.
“I don’t have any other choice.”
Dustin continued on fearlessly. His determined gaze was fixed on the coffin.
“You’re incredibly stubborn!” Iris raised her hand again, striking a palm from a distance.
The golden aura shaped like a palm shot out, carrying an explosive force. It struck Dustin.
Dustin flew back again as another explosion rang out. He crashed heavily into the wall, leaving another dent.
He spat out another mouthful of blood. It added to his injuries.
It looked as if he would collapse at any time.
Dustin gritted his teeth and forced himself to stand upright. One unsteady step after the other, Dustin moved forward slowly.
Every step he took left a bloody footprint on the ground.
“What?” Iris frowned.
She didn’t expect Dustin to be that stubborn. He was severely injured, finding it hard to stand. Yet, he was still walking toward death.
How could there be such a foolish person in the world?”
“I’m giving you another chance. Leave immediately, or die!” Iris warned sternly.
“No matter what it takes, I’m returning with the Shadowbloom.”
Dustin took a deep breath, his burning gaze unwavering.
“Let’s see how long you can hold on!” Iris‘ expression darkened.
She shot out another palm strike from a distance. It landed on Dustin’s chest.
###Chapter 989 by Marina Vittori
Dustin felt his chest collapse He was thrown high into the air before crashing heavily onto the ground He spat out a third mouthful of blood that landed in a splat far from him. It was a horrifying sight.
“Sir!” Abigail screamed. Her eyes reddened, her face full of grief and anger She wanted to rush forward, but Azalea held her tight So, she could only watch as Dustin. suffered.
“One more step just one more step… Natasha is still waiting for me. I can’t fall now!” After collecting himself, Dustin clenched his teeth.
Swaying unsteadily, he forced his battered body to stand upright. He was trembling and weak
He was like a flickering candle that would go out at any moment.
“Sir, just give up! Let’s give up the Shadowbloom. If you continue like this, you will die!” Abigail was anxious as tears started flowing.
She could tell that Dustin was already at his limit. Another strike, and he would be dead.
Drip, drip, drip …..
Dustin remained determined. He straightened his body and staggered forward.
Blood continued to drip from his mouth and nose, falling to the ground.
“Dustin! Don’t push it anymore! Is it worth it for a woman?
“She won’t live either if you die!” Azalea screamed. Even she couldn’t bear to continue watching.
She couldn’t understand Dustin. Was there someone in this world more important than
their own life?
Looking at his unwavering gaze, she was moved. She even felt jealous of Natasha for
having a man willing to sacrifice his life for her.
“Why? Why are you so desperate?” Iris frowned. She looked at Dustin, conflicted.
13
Even she admired Dustin’s strong willpower His tearless efforts especially reminded her of her younger self.
“The Shadowbloom Imust get the Shadowbloom Imust save her!” Dustin mumbled to himself
He took difficult steps forward, but he was determined. As long as he lived, he would not give up
Right then, Iris fell into a daze. She realized something when faced with Dustin’s tenacity.
She was reminded of herself from many years ago.
Back then, she traveled to the corners of the world. She faced a difficult journey and risked her life, all for the love of her life.
But what came of it?
She finally found the Shadowbloom after suffering through all the hardships, only to return and find her lover dead.
She was hysterical, feeling pain and desperation. And yet, there was nothing that could bring him back.
She owed him an apology, but he would never get to hear it. He could only lay in this icy cold coffin, deep in slumber for eternity.
“When the world is vast and boundless, only the yearning for love knows no bounds.
“Silas, you said you would wait for me. But why can’t I see you again?”
Iris shut her eyes. Two streams of tears rolled down her cheeks.
At that moment, she thought she saw a nobleman walking toward her with a smile. He
then wrapped her in a tight embrace.
Everything was beautiful and serene. It was enchanting.
Only when she opened her eyes did the beautiful dream fade away.
“I know how it feels…”
Iris sighed softly. She reached into the coffin, took out the Shadowbloom, and tossed it
into Dustin’s hands.
“I’m giving you this flower. Go and save that person.”
“What?” The sudden turn of events left Dustin stunned.
After he came back to his senses, he bowed repeatedly. “Thank you, Madam Iris!”
Even though he didn’t understand what happened, it was a positive development.
“I hope you and your loved one will be together forever,” Iris said wistfully.
Both of them had a similar experience, but they had opposite fates.
Dustin’s lover was still alive, and they had a beautiful future. Her lover had long since passed away…
###Chapter 990 by Marina Vittori
After handing over the Shadowbloom, Iris turned back to stone. With her eyes closed, she stood unmoving.
She seemed to be reminiscing memories She also seemed to be in deep contemplation. “Thank you, Madam Iris, for the flower. I will always remember your generosity. Goodbye.”
Dustin decided not to disturb her further when he saw her in her meditative state. After a deep bow, he staggered away.
Dustin would have been dead if Iris hadn’t held back earlier. Her skills had already
surpassed that of an ultimate grandmaster, and she was unmatched in the entire world.
“Sir, are you alright? You lost a lot of blood.”
Abigail helped Dustin walk. The corner of her eyes was still stained with tears.
That was too close.
If it weren’t because Iris took pity on him, Dustin would have died.
“I’m fine. I just broke a few bones. I won’t die.”
Dustin took out a tablet and swallowed it. He then slowly circulated his energy.
It was fortunate that he had a good foundation. Not to mention, Iris had held back.
Otherwise, it would have been difficult for him to walk.
“Sir, you were stubborn earlier. We could have looked for another way without using the Shadowbloom. Why did you have to push yourself?” Abigail complained.
“We were out of time. I had to take a gamble.” Dustin shook his head.
Natasha was in critical condition, and he wasn’t sure how much longer she could hold on.
If he missed this chance, it might be too late.
“You were willing to give up your life for the sake of a woman. I’m unsure if I should.
describe you as foolish or crazy in love,” Azalea said.
If there were a man who would risk his life for her like that, she would never let him go. It was unfortunate that the man before her already belonged to someone else.
“Let’s go. It’s time we head back.”
Dustin circulated his energy to heal his injuries temporarily. Soon, they made their way back through the dark passage.
As they were walking, the ground suddenly started to shake.
Followed by a roar, a large amount of sand fell. The tomb sharted shaking violently.
Cracks started to form as if the tomb was about to fall apart.
“This is bad! It’s an earthquake! Run!”
The three of them grew worried and quickly ran toward the exit. They dashed as if their lives depended on it.
They were underground. If they ended up being buried alive, the consequences would be unimaginable!
After two minutes, the three of them finally exited the tomb. Their faces were covered in dust.
Not long after they escaped, they heard a thunderous sound. The entire passage had collapsed, burying everything inside.
“That was close! We almost didn’t make it!”
Abigail patted her chest. The lingering fear she was feeling was evident on her face.
“It was probably Madam Iris’ work. She doesn’t wish to be disturbed anymore.” Dustin looked at the collapsed tomb with a frown
Iris Meskill was a legendary figure in Dragonmarsh. She was a heroine among women and a revered figure akin to God.
Yet, in the end, she was bound by love. She willingly chose to be buried underground with her dead husband, never to see the light of day again.
Her love story was tragic yet inspiring. It deserved respect.
“Sir! It looks like a fight is starting over there!” Just then, Abigail pointed ahead.
Dustin looked over and saw the disciples of Azure Mist surrounded by the elite martial artists of major sects.
The tomb’s location had been leaked, and everyone who caught wind of it hurried over,
trying to get whatever they can.
Meanwhile, Azure Mist had already managed to collect many treasures from within.
###Chapter 991 by Marina Vittori
Azure Mist didn’t expect to be stopped by major sects as soon as they exited the tomb. There was no way to escape. “Sir Chasey, wouldn’t it be better to share? It doesn’t seem right for Azure Mist to enjoy it alone.”
“Walter, it would be wise to read the room. You won’t be able to keep your hands on those treasures today, so why not share them with all of us? Everyone would be happy that way.”
“Chasey! Hand over the treasures right now, or don’t blame us for using force!”
The leaders of several sects shouted a variety of threats and enticements. Their eyes gleamed with greed.
Iris had collected countless treasures. The sight of any of them would send people into a frenzy.
“What the hell are all of you talking about? We didn’t discover anything. What are we supposed to give you?”
Walter denied it firmly. He couldn’t bear to hand over the treasures they had acquired.
“Hmph! Still trying to wriggle your way out? You just came out from the tomb. You must have found something!”
“That’s right! Do you think we’re idiots? You think you can fool us with just a few words?”
“Chasey! I’ll give you one more chance. Hand over the treasures right now, or you’ll regret
it!”
The crowd was getting angry. They were ready to act at any moment.
“I told you, we don’t have anything!”
Walter growled darkly, “All of you belong to reputable sects. Are you going to rob us?”
“Chasey! You killed my fellow Skycrane disciple, and yet you remain stubborn. I am going to seek revenge today!”
One of the elderly men suddenly leaped into action, taking the lead in the assault.
“Attack!”
Several sect leaders exchanged glances and charged forward simultaneously.
Over hundreds of elite martial artists surrounding Azure Mist joined and charged forward.
“You bastards!” Walter gritted his teeth.
He took out a Divinix he found in the tomb and swallowed it.
After taking it, it would provide a significant boost in strength and cultivation for a short time. It would allow the weak to overcome a stronger opponent in critical situations.
However, the downside was that they would turn exceptionally weak once the drug’s effects wore off.
“Ah-!”
As the tablet took effect, he let out a fierce growl. His veins bulged, and his face turned red.
Surges of overwhelming power erupted from him in an instant.
His skills had stayed stagnant for almost a decade. Today, he finally broke through his limits, entering the realm of a grandmaster!
“Hahaha… All of you can go to hell!” Walter laughed confidently.
With a powerful thrust of both palms, he unleashed the mighty force of a grandmaster. It surged toward the crowd like a tidal wave.
Three resounding explosions echoed through the air.
As the force swept through the landscape, rocks shattered, huge trees toppled, and the earth erupted in a storm of debris.
Those who had charged forward were sent flying and spat out blood. They were like leaves caught up in a storm, utterly powerless.
Even the leaders of the major sects were pushed back violently. Their internal energies. were thrown into disarray, making it difficult to withstand the force.
“H-How is this possible? You broke through?” The leader of Skycrane widened his eyes in
disbelief.
His opponent was weaker than him in the past. How did he suddenly become so much
more powerful?
“Those below the level of a grandmaster are nothing but trash. It seems this saying holds
Walter’s spirits soared as the tremendous power flowed in him. He was now filled with pride.
Only when he entered the realm of a grandmaster did he truly understand what it meant to have the whole world beneath his feet.
“Master Chasey, congratulations on becoming a grandmaster!” The disciples of Azure Mist were excited and congratulated Walter.
They had thought that they were doomed. They never expected that Walter would break through at a critical moment.
Even though it was through the tablet’s power, it was now enough for him to dominate the entire scene.
“Hahaha…” Walter cackled like a maniac, his gaze sweeping over the major sects.
“Come at me, you bunch of trash! I’ll take down ten of you at once!”
###Chapter 992 by Marina Vittori
As the sect leaders watched Walter’s transformation, they frowned. They knew they were about to face a formidable enemy.
In the past, they could defeat him easily. But now, Walter had broken through another realm and turned into a true grandmaster.
The difference in skills between both sides widened. Even though they were only half a step away from becoming a grandmaster, that step was like a rift that was impossible to cross.
Once they crossed over, they would soar to greater heights. If they failed, they would fall behind. forever.
“Guys, what should we do now?”
Skycrane’s leader glanced at those beside him. He wouldn’t have provoked Walter if he had known he was a grandmaster.
Now, they were trapped in a difficult situation. They couldn’t defeat him in a fight, and they couldn’t escape either.
“Should we try and fight him? He achieved a breakthrough temporarily through a tablet. If we work together, we might stand a chance.”
“Are you joking? He’s a grandmaster now. None of us are a match against him. We would only be asking for trouble by going against him.”
“I agree, we should just let it go. There’s no need to risk our lives for a few treasures.”
The sect leaders whispered amongst themselves, and it was clear that they were ready to retreat.
“What are you all whispering about? Since you guys won’t fight, I’ll make the first move!”
Walter didn’t waste time. He took a deep breath and thrust his palms forward once more.
With a deep rumble, two big shadow palms shot out. Like two large trucks, they surged forward.
toward the sect leaders.
Once the leaders had been defeated, the rest wouldn’t be a concern!
The effects of Divinix would only last for half an hour. Walter knew he needed to end the battle as
quickly as possible.
“Retreat!”
The leader of Skycrane’s eyes widened in shock. Realizing he was no match for Walter, he decided
to retreat.
The rest of the group wasn’t brave enough to confront Walter, fleeing even faster.
“Where do you think you’re going?”
Walter didn’t plan on letting them go. He chased after them immediately.
“You reckless madman! I won’t let you get away with it!”
Suddenly, a purple-clad figure shot out from the trees like an arrow released from a bow. It
charged straight for Walter.
“Go to hell!” Walter sneered.
Changing directions, he channeled the force of a grandmaster, delivering a powerful palm strike.
After breaking through, he gained confidence like never before. He believed he was unbeatable.
Their palms collided with an explosive force that echoed throughout the forest.
The purple-clad figure flipped backward and landed steadily on his feet. On the other hand,
Walter let out a miserable groan and flew back several meters.
He fell to the ground, disheveled.
“Dad!”
“Master!”
The disciples of Azure Mist were shocked. They hurriedly rushed forward to help him up..
Walter’s body trembled, and he coughed up a mouthful of blood. He instantly lost his momentum.
and confidence from before.
“How could this be? I was defeated?”
Walter was shocked and terrified. He found it hard to believe.
Under normal circumstances, he should have been superior and undefeatable, earning the respect.
of all.
How did he suffer defeat, losing his imposing air halfway through?
“You overestimated yourself!”
Right up front, a purple-robed elderly man stood with his hands behind his back. He looked prideful.
Although he appeared frail, he had a powerful air to him. He stood there like he was unshakable.
“Master! Why are you here?” The leader of Skycrane lit up upon seeing him.
The purple-robed elder before him was none other than the founder of the Skycrane-Theodore Crane!
He was also known as the Venerable Crane.
“Hmph! If I didn’t come, would you have been able to obtain the treasure?”
###Chapter 993 by Marina Vittori
Theodore had an icy expression as he rebuked his disciples. “Master, you have a point.” Skycrane’s leader smiled apologetically, appearing submissive.
The crowd broke out in whispers when they noticed his behavior.“It can’t be. Is that the legendary Venerable Crane?”
“The Venerable Crane has secluded himself for many years, paying no attention to worldly affairs.I didn’t expect to see him here today.”
“Even the Venerable Crane is after Madam Iris’ treasures!”
Theodore’s arrival shifted the dynamics of the situation.
Although Walter had become a grandmaster, he was still relatively new. In contrast, Theodore was
a veteran grandmaster whose reputation had spread far and wide.
They weren’t on the same level.
“The Venerable Crane? Why did this monster show up?”
Walter gulped, losing his confidence. His arrogance disappeared, and he looked at Theodore with. respect.
“Hey, you over there. You entered Madam Iris’s tomb earlier, didn’t you?”
Theodore’s gaze swept across the area and finally settled on Walter.
“I’m not asking for much. If you hand over the Celestial Pearl, I’ll ensure your safety!”
“What Celestial Pearl? I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Walter frowned.
“Acting stupid? I’m repeating myself one last time. Hand over the Celestial Pearl, and I’ll spare your life.
“Otherwise, I’ll slaughter your entire sect!” Theodore yelled.
The only reason he came out of seclusion was for the Celestial Pearl. Rumor had it that Madam
Iris had found the Celestial Pearl 50 years ago. He was certain that it was in her tomb.
He could become an ultimate grandmaster with the Celestial Pearl within five years!
“Sir Crane, I don’t have the Celestial Pearl. You must be mistaken!” Walter tried to explain.
“Hmph! Since you refuse to hand it over, die!” Theodore’s expression darkened.
Without another word, he thrust a palm strike from a distance, and a giant shadow palm shot forth with an unstoppable force toward Walter.
Wherever the shadow palm passed through, it left destruction in its wake.
Walter clenched his teeth. He attempted to gather his strength but spat out another mouthful of blood instead. He almost collapsed.
“Don’t hurt my dad!”
Suddenly, Vanessa stepped forward. She attempted to shield her father from the fatal blow with her own body.
“Die!”
Theodore Crane showed no mercy. His iron palm continued forward.
When it seemed like Vanessa was about to be killed, a silver needle suddenly shot out with a sharp whistle.
Instantly, the shadow palm dissipated, protecting her from the devastating blow.
“What?” Theodore raised an eyebrow, angry.
“Who dared intervene in my business?”
“Sir Crane, indiscriminate killing is not a good practice.” Dustin emerged from the shadows with Abigail and Azalea.
“Dustin?” Vanessa lit up with joy at the sight of Dustin.
She couldn’t believe he had come to her rescue again in a life-and-death situation.
Was this what they called fate?
“Brat, was that sneak attack from you?” Theodore’s gaze was hostile.
“Sir Crane, a few people from Azure Mist are my friends. I hope you can go easy on them.” Dustin. lowered his head respectfully.
He hadn’t fully recovered from his injuries, so it was best to avoid a fight.
“Hmph! Who do you think you are? Why should I even be listening to you? Get the hell out of here!”
Theodore looked at Dustin with disdain.
How dare a mere kid challenge him? He didn’t know his place!
“Sir Crane, if you insist on continuing, we’ll have to settle it through a fight.
“I hope you won’t regret it when you end up lying on the ground in pain,” Dustin said seriously.
As soon as those words were spoken, the crowd fell silent. Everyone widened their eyes in disbelief.
###Chapter 994 by Marina Vittori
“What the hell? Is this brat crazy? How dare he challenge the Venerable Crane?” “Where did this hothead come from? He has no respect for the Venerable Crane. Is he tired of living?”
“He’s so reckless for his age. Seems like he hasn’t faced society’s wrath!” The crowd discussed and pointed at Dustin. It was as if they were looking at an idiot.
Theodore was Skycrane’s founder. He was a revered grandmaster respected by thousands and considered a legendary figure in Balerno martial arts.
Nobody would ever dare act disrespectfully against him. And yet, this little brat was challenging him publicly.
He might as well turn it into a suicide mission!
“You little prick, do you know what you just said?” Theodore’s expression darkened.
In a sinister tone, he said, “If you don’t want to die, kneel immediately. Grovel at my feet and call me grandpa, and I will let you live!”
“Hey, brat! What are you still standing there for? Hurry up and kneel!”
“Not anyone can address the Venerable Crane as grandpa. You’re in luck!”
“You should feel honored to become Sir Crane’s grandson. Don’t be ungrateful!”
The crowd chattered incessantly. Their tones carried threats and warnings but mostly mockery and jests.
“Dustin, the Venerable Skycrane is a force to be reckoned with. Hurry up and apologize. That’s the only way to live!” Emily exclaimed.
Even her master, who had broken through another realm, was no match for Theodore. It would be
even worse for Dustin.
“Dustin, you don’t have to worry about us! Just leave! Don’t get yourself into trouble!” Vanessa
chimed in
She was grateful for Dustin’s help. But in the current situation, he could not turn the tide.
He might get pulled into the mess if he insisted on being stubborn.
“Sir Crane, let me give you a piece of advice. It’s better to be forgiving. Otherwise, things might turn ugly,” Dustin said calmly.
“You little prick! You won’t learn your lesson until you see death in the eyes!”
Theodore looked at him murderously. “Since you want to put your nose into someone else’s business. I’ll kill you first before killing all your friends!”
“Wait!”
Walter panicked and said, “Sir Crane, this brat provoked you. If you have to kill someone, kill him! It has nothing to do with us!”
“Hmph! Hand over the Celestial Pearl, and I will spare your life!” Theodore spat out.
“Celestial Pearl?”
Walter quickly thought of something and exclaimed, “Sir Crane, I know who has the Celestial Pearl. As long as you promise to let us go, I’ll tell you immediately!”
“Oh? Where is it?” Theodore narrowed his eyes, showing interest.
“It’s with this brat!”
Walter pointed at Dustin and exclaimed. “Earlier, we had entered the tomb together. But we soon had a disagreement and parted ways. If the Celestial Pearl exists, it must be with him!”
At those words, everyone turned their attention to Dustin. Their eyes were filled with greed and
desire.
The Celestial Pearl was a sacred relic of the martial world. It was a treasure capable of granting a
rebirth. Who wouldn’t want such a treasure?
“Sir Chasey, we’re not enemies. Why would you harm me?” Dustin frowned.
Walter and his daughter survived because he had rescued them. He couldn’t believe Walter had
betrayed him just like that.
“Stop pretending, brat!”
Walter glared at Dustin. “You were inside for so long and the last to come out. You must be hiding.
a lot of treasure.
“I’d advise you to hand them all over to Sir Crane. That way, you might just be able to live!”
“You little prick, so the Celestial Pearl is with you. No wonder I sensed a powerful force coming from you.”
Theodore rubbed his chin. His eyes gleamed as he said, “Hand it over now, and I will forgive you for your insolence earlier!”
“Sir Crane, you believe him? I’ve never even heard of the Celestial Pearl,” Dustin said indifferently.
“You’ve never heard of it? Then I guess you wouldn’t mind us checking.” Walter sneered.
“I told you. I don’t have the Celestial Pearl. Suit yourself if you don’t believe me.” Dustin couldn’t bother explaining further.
However, his cryptic attitude made him more suspicious.
###Chapter 995 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin, if you found any treasure, just hand them over. Your life is more important,” Emily couldn’t help but worry. “That’s right, Dustin! Treasures are all material possessions. It’s far less important than your life!”
Vanessa was worried, too. “Rhys! A wise person knows when to surrender. The Venerable Crane is not someone you can go against.
“Just admit to your mistakes and hand over the treasures. Everyone would be happy that way,‘ Nathan warned him as well.
He wasn’t sure if Dustin had the Celestial Pearl with him, but Dustin had other valuable items.
There was only one way out for him: to give up the treasures to save his life.
“I don’t have any treasure. But even if I did, I would never hand them over,” Dustin gave his final
answer.
“The fuck? Did he talk back? This kid has nerves of steel!”
“Hmph! Driven by greed, he doesn’t even care about his life! He deserves to die!”
Dustin’s response sparked discontent among the martial artists. It also angered Theodore. His last bit of patience had worn away.
“You little prick! You won’t listen, huh? Then I’ll take it from you!” Theodore’s anger had reached its peak.
He concentrated his energy on his feet and flew forward like a shadow toward Dustin. His hand aimed straight for Dustin’s throat with enough force to crush steel.
“This is bad!”
Emily and her group watched in horror. They could feel their hearts drop to their stomachs.
“Now suffer the consequences for defying Sir Crane!”
The crowd mocked gloatingly. Just when everyone thought Dustin was done for, Dustin suddenly made a move,
Instead of retreating, he shot forward like a missile and punched Theodore.
Their collision was like a bomb exploding, a thundering boom echoing across the scene.
A violent surge of energy befitting a grandmaster erupted when they collided. It created a surging wave that swept outward.
The trees were uprooted, and debris flew everywhere.
The martial artists closest to them were lifted before crashing onto the ground.
After they collided, Dustin staggered backward several steps. Each step left a deep imprint on the
earth.
On the other hand, Theodore was forcibly pushed back more than ten feet away. His feet sunk into the ground and hollowed out two twin furrows on the ground.
He only came to a stop after crashing into a large tree.
“What?”
The crowd was dumbfounded. This was completely unexpected.
What happened?
Shouldn’t Theodore have Dustin crushed? Why did he end up at a disadvantage instead?
What exactly happened?
“Are my eyes playing tricks on me? This brat is stronger than the Venerable Crane?”
“I–impossible! How old is he? He won’t be that good even if he started training in his mother’s belly!”
“Damn it! I’ve never seen anything like it. Could that brat be a grandmaster, too?”
“Wait! I remember now! It seems like he’s that revered young grandmaster who killed Augustus Kline some time back!”
“What? He’s a young grandmaster?”
“Oh my God! He’s an absolute monster!”
After a brief moment of silence, the crowd exploded in an uproar.
###Chapter 996 by Marina Vittori
The crowd was stunned as they looked at Dustin. Nobody expected the frail young man before them to be the legendary young grandmaster.
These days, everyone in Balerno was talking about the young grandmaster. Countless people admired and idolized him. Now that he was standing before them, they still could not believe their eyes.
“A young grandmaster? H–h–he’s a young grandmaster?” Walter widened his eyes in disbelief. He had initially thought Dustin was only a bit more talented than usual. He hadn’t realized the extent of his background.
It was even more absurd that he wanted to take Dustin in as his disciple. It was a laughable misjudgment! After all, everyone knew Dustin was the monster who had slain Augustus Kline.
Walter hadn’t even truly broken through yet. Even if he did become a grandmaster, he would only be scratching the surface.
He was not even worth mentioning next to a veteran grandmaster like Augustus, not to mention someone as extraordinary as Dustin.
“Damn it! This spells trouble!” Walter wiped away the cold sweat from his forehead, feeling unease.
It was one thing to take him in as a disciple. The problem was that he wanted to take Dustin’s
sword and even slandered him.
If Dustin were to take revenge, the consequences would be simply unimaginable.
“E–Emily. Did I hear it right? Dustin, is the famous young grandmaster?”
Vanessa stood frozen in place, stunned.
“Handsome and has a strong sense of justice. Only in his early twenties but is already a grandmaster…” Emily muttered to herself.
Her face lit with joy. “It is him! He checks all the boxes! He’s that rare, talented genius that
everyone looks up to!”
By the end of her speech, her body was shaking. She was excited and shocked.
Who would have thought the young grandmaster she looked up to had been next to her all this
time?
She should have known earlier. Dustin’s temperament, strength, and cultivation had far surpassed
He had defeated Magnus with a punch and lifted the black sword with two fingers. These had shown his extraordinary abilities.
Now that his true power had been revealed, it was even more shocking.
The rumors were true. A young grandmaster should indeed be as majestic as he was.
“Why is it him? Why?” Nathan clenched his teeth. Other than shock, he felt pathetic.
All this time, he had thought Dustin was only slightly better than him. He could crush him completely if he trained harder and achieved a breakthrough.
Only now did he realize how vast the gap in their skills was.
He was a little divine–level martial artist, yet Dustin was already challenging veteran
grandmasters.
It was a huge joke to say he could catch up to him in ten years.
“You little prick, I didn’t expect you to have another identity. I’ve underestimated you.”
After a brief moment of shock, Theodore’s aura grew stronger and fiercer than before.
“Sir Crane, it won’t be easy to deal with him. Let me help.”
Suddenly, they heard a commanding voice from above them. Following the voice, a black–clad figure descended from the sky.
Just like a feather, he landed on the ground gracefully. Not one speck of dirt was stirred from his landing.
After a closer look, the crowd noticed that it was a burly, white–bearded old man.
The old man had a rugged appearance and a sharp gaze. He had a fierce aura to him.
It was as if a transparent barrier surrounded him where he was isolated from everything.
“Damn! Isn’t that the leader of the Soul Reapers, Graham Thorne? Why is he here?”
The scene erupted into a frenzy after the white–bearded old man’s appearance.
The Soul Reapers were the strongest sect in Balerno. They were almost as famous as Boulderthorn.
And as the leader of the Soul Reapers, Graham Thorne was known as a revered veteran grandmaster in Balerno. He was only second to that of the leader of the martial world, Ronald Reeds.
###Chapter 997 by Marina Vittori
“Sir Thorne, are you here to get your hands on the Celestial Pearl too?” “Hahaha. The Celestial Pearl is a sacred relic of the martial arts world. Naturally, I wouldn’t miss out on it.” Graham laughed, not denying it.
As grandmasters, there were only very few treasures that interested them. It just so happened that the Celestial Pearl was the finest among them.
With the Celestial Pearl, there was a chance they would be able to break through their limitations and become an ultimate grandmaster!
They would stand at the top of the martial world when that moment came.
“I’m joining in as well, amen.”
A figure exuding a holy aura suddenly stepped out from the shadows.
It was a bald, elderly man with a scar on his head. He was plump and had a kind demeanor,
dressing in a loose–fitting robe.
It looked like he was bathed in divine light, radiating a sense of holiness. And as the gentle sunlight shone upon him, he gave off a refreshing feeling.
“It’s the Abbot of the Combat Priests, Father Orson!”
After a closer look, the crowd erupted into an uproar once more. They didn’t expect another
grandmaster to appear.
What was going on? Why were grandmasters gathering here today?
These elusive figures who rarely showed themselves suddenly made appearances. Could it be that
they were all here for Iris‘ treasure?
“Father Orson, why are you here?” Theodore frowned slightly, feeling the pressure increased.
Initially, he had thought of taking the Celestial Pearl for himself, but it seemed impossible now.
“There was a rumor of the presence of an evil relic here. So I came to investigate.
“It would be best to bring this evil relic back to the church and seal it beneath the Holy Cross.
“That is the only way to prevent a catastrophe,” Orson declared with conviction.
“Hmph! Nice words, but aren’t you just after it for your gain?” Graham sneered.
He disliked those who pretended to be noble and righteous when they intended to seize the treasure.
“You’re wrong. I’m here to rescue all of you,” Orson replied, maintaining his composure.
“That’s enough nonsense for me.” Graham was growing impatient.
“Sir Crane, you’re the eldest among us. How do you think we should divide the Celestial Pearl
between us?”
“Divide? We haven’t even gotten the item, yet you’re all already in a rush?” Theodore raised an
eyebrow.
“Oh right, I almost forgot.” Graham slapped his forehead and turned to Dustin.
“Young man, hand over the Celestial Pearl. We will discuss this further.”
“Sir Thorne, I don’t have the Celestial Pearl. There must be a misunderstanding here.” Dustin
denied it again.
Since the Celestial Pearl was with Abigail, he wasn’t lying.
“Young man, your words are meaningless. We have good senses.
“If you intend to keep it all for yourself, you’ll anger all of us,” Graham warned.
“I’ll repeat it, I don’t have it. I’m sorry to disappoint all of you.” Dustin shook his head.
“Brat! I’ve been treating you with respect since you’re a reputable person. Don’t test my patience!”
Graham’s expression darkened.
“My friend, this evil relic just brings harm. Why don’t you let me deal with it?” Father Orson said
with folded hands.
“You little prick, I’m giving you one last chance. Are you going to hand it over or not?” Theodore
growled.
At that moment, the three grandmasters united to pressure him.
An invisible energy field enveloped Dustin. The energy field intensified layer upon layer, attempting to force him into submission.
“I don’t have it, so how can I hand it over?” Dustin took a deep breath, his gaze unwavering.
“Hmph! What a fool!”
The three grandmasters exchanged glances. Without another word, they attacked Dustin simultaneously.
“Three against one? Aren’t you guys afraid of being ridiculed by the martial world?” Suddenly, a booming voice came from nowhere.
At the same time, a white figure fell from the sky and landed in front of Dustin. Then, he launched
With a loud boom, a huge palm shadow burst forth. It created a tremendous shockwave that forced the three grandmaster’s back.
Their expressions turned serious.
“Michael Robinson?” Their faces fell after the three grandmasters‘ realized who the man was.
###Chapter 998 by Marina Vittori
“What? Michael Robinson? One of Balerno’s five ultimate grandmasters?” “Neptune! It’s actually Neptune! Holy shit! Why is he here?”
“He’s been in hiding all these years, never getting himself involved in the affairs of the martial world.
“Why did he suddenly appear out of thin air? The world must be ending!” Michael’s appearance caused a commotion among the crowd. They looked at him in awe and astonishment.
The five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno were publicly acknowledged as the five most powerful
individuals. And among them was Michael, also known as Neptune.
Ten years ago, he had defended Westward Fortress alone. Single–handedly, he defeated three
highly skilled foreign grandmasters.
His efforts prevented many enemy cavalry from entering the country.
He was only one man guarding the city, yet enemies were kept at bay. That was how the battle
made him famous.
That year, when his fame soared, he was appointed a knight. His glorious deeds were still being
recounted and admired by people.
“Mr. Robinson?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, evidently surprised. He didn’t expect to get aid at such
a critical moment.
“Dad, why are you here?” Seeing the familiar figure before her, Abigail lit up.
Since they last parted ways, she thought seeing her father again would be difficult.
“I heard something happened here, so I came over to check.”
Michael turned his head around and smiled. “How are you? You’re not hurt, are you?”
“I’m fine, but these bastards are threatening us. They want to steal our stuff and are even about to
attack Dustin.
“They’re too much!” Abigail ratted them out.
“I saw what happened earlier. Leave it to me.”
Michael nodded and turned his attention to the three grandmasters. His smile disappeared, and his gaze turned cold.
“Three of you are respected figures. Don’t you think it’s laughable for you to bully your juniors?”
“Sir Robinson, this is a matter between us. It doesn’t seem to concern you,” Theodore said with a
frown
The treasure was right at the tip of their fingers. They couldn’t believe it was getting further away
from their grasp.
“Sir Crane, Dustin is a close friend of mine. How do you expect me to ignore it when you bully him?
“Michael said sternly.
“A close friend?”
The three grandmasters exchanged surprised glances but appeared concerned.
It was hard enough to go against Dustin alone. Now, with Michael entering the fray, the tension
was high.
Compared to Dustin, Michael was harder to deal with with his status as one of the five ultimate
grandmasters.
“Sir Robinson, do you know he is hiding the Celestial Pearl?” Theodore suddenly asked.
He tried to entice him with the treasure, attempting to create a rift between them.
“So what? He was skilled enough to get his hands on it.
“On the other hand, you guys are just committing daylight robbery.” Micheal roared.
“Hmph! The Celestial Pearl is a sacred relic of the martial world. Everyone has the right to get
their hands on it!
“What makes that brat think he can have it all to himself?” Graham remained stubborn.
“Sir Robinson, the Celestial Pearl is an evil relic. Using it will cause chaos in the martial world.
“The danger can only be prevented by handing it over to me,” Orson spoke solemnly, his hands
clasped
“Sir Robinson, the Celestial Pearl is not a personal possession. It should be shared with everyone,
and its use should be discussed.
“Taking it for himself will only lead to public outrage, don’t you think?” Theodore said calmly.
As long as the three were on the same page, they still had an advantage in a three–on–two fight.
“Seems I haven’t made myself clear. Let me repeat myself.”
Michael’s tone grew louder as he spoke, “Dustin has my support! Leave with your people if you’re
smart enough. Otherwise, I’ll beat you into submission!”
213
His words created a trenzy among the crowd.
“What the hell? Neptune truly lives up to his reputation! He’s so 6061”
“Isn’t he too confident? He doesn’t care about the three grandmasters at all!
###Chapter 999 by Marina Vittori
“God damn it! If I had Neptune’s power, I would be a hundred times cockier than he was!” The martial artists chattered among themselves. They were not only amazed, but they were also filled with admiration for him.
Who else had the guts to provoke three grandmasters in Balerno? \“How dare you, Michael! Do you think we’re afraid of you?”
Theodore was furious. It was humiliating to be publicly scolded by someone younger. “Robinson, don’t go overboard!”
Graham was angry, too. “We were showing respect by offering advice as fellow grandmasters. But if you insist on opposing us, don’t blame us for using violence!”
“Amén.”
Orson let out a soft sigh. “Sir Robinson, if you remain stubborn, I can only follow the will of the
heavens.”
“Since the three of you won’t let this matter go, let’s fight.
“After all, it’s been long since I’ve stretched my muscles.” Michael suddenly laughed.
A deep aura started to flow out from him. The surrounding temperature dropped, and a swirling
hurricane began to take shape.
“Michael Robinson! Don’t forget that we are at an advantage in a three–on–two fight!” Theodore
yelled.
“Three–on–two fight?”
Michael shook his head.
“No, no, no. You guys are mistaken. There is no need for Dustin to join in the fight. I alone am enough to go against the three of you.”
His words stunned the crowd.
Neptune was going to go against three grandmasters alone?
What a joke!
Theodore and his gang were a group of veteran grandmasters, not some novice wannabes. He was
asking for trouble by going against three alone.
“Michael Robinson! You are too reckless! I’ll teach you a lesson today!” Theodore was livid.
1/2
He leaped forward, leading the attack.
“You arrogant fool! Let’s see how skilled you are!” Graham followed closely, aiding him in his
attack.
“Sir Robinson, let me save you from your internal suffering!” Orson refused to be outdone and shot
forward.
A golden light enveloped his body,
The three grandmasters launched an attack from three different directions.
“Great! Come at me!” Michael laughed heartily and shot into the air, turning into a streak of light.
At that moment, the four engaged in intense combat. They moved so fast that it made it
impossible to tell them apart.
After they collided, thunder roared one after the other.
The grandmaster energy they released was tremendous as it swept across all directions. The soil was upturned, and giant trees were uprooted wherever it went.
Everything in its way couldn’t withstand their force. The onlooking martial artists could only
retreat further and further.
A single ripple from a grandmaster’s attack was enough to injure divine–level martial artists
seriously.
“What the hell? Are they really fighting? Neptune is going against three on his own! This is
incredible!”
“Is this what a grandmaster’s battle looks like? It’s terrifying!”
The crowd looked on in apprehension.
“Sir, will my dad be alright?”
Abigail was nervous as she watched their shadows darting around. She knew how strong her
father was.
But it was hard to come out victorious in a match against three.
“There’s no need to worry. Mr. Robinson will be fine.”
Dustin smiled. “Even though the three of them are strong, they won’t be able to hurt Mr. Robinson.
“To be precise, anyone below the level of an ultimate grandmaster is no match for Mr. Robinson.”
###Chapter 1000 by Marina Vittori
The battle between the four intensified. And the destruction they left grew as they fought. Everything within their range was destroyed and became rubble. Birds and animals of the Black Forest ran away.
The huge commotion also attracted the attention of various martial artists. Low–level martial artists, divine–level martial artists, and even grandmasters were present. They were from various sects and skill levels.
Almost all sorts of martial artists had gathered. But they did not dare make a move. Everyone watched from afar as the four grandmasters fought. They were shocked, but their gazes were locked on the epic battle.
With each resounding clash, their battle grew intense.
Waves of energy rippled outward like a tsunami. It sent shivers down the spines of the onlookers.
After a long exchange of moves, Theodore, Graham, and Orson grew alarmed. They didn’t expect
Michael to be that strong.
Even against three opponents, he wasn’t struggling.
His grandmaster aura seemed infinite and boundless as if it could be drawn upon without limits. Instead of growing tired, he grew stronger as the battle continued.
They finally understood how strong the five ultimate grandmasters‘ were.
Even when the three worked together, they couldn’t overpower him. The outcome would be
obvious if it were a one–on–one fight.
It seemed like Neptune was not just an empty nickname.
“Sir Thorn, Father Orson! We will be at a disadvantage if we continue fighting. It’s time to use our
special move!”
Theodore called out to the other two. He had turned worried after seeing the extent of Micahel’s
power.
“That’s right! We must use our full power! Otherwise, our defeat would leave us humiliated!”
Graham gritted his teeth. Beads of sweat were starting to form on his forehead.
“I will engage him head–on. The both of you attack him the best you can,” Orson said.
“Alright, it’s settled!”
1/2
“Get ready. Now!”
After they exchanged glances, they moved at the same time.
Orson exuded a ray of golden light, enveloping Michael within it. The strands of golden threads formed a dense net and trapped Michael within it.
“Moonlight Crane!” Taking the opportunity, Theodore used his killing move.
He transformed into a huge white crane and dove toward Michael.
“Flickering Souls!” Not wanting to fall behind, Graham manifested into ghostly shadows, dashing
forward like a cannonball.
“Prismatic Blade Strike!”
Michael’s body shook, and he broke free from the restraints. He raised an arm and made a
horizontal slash at them.
With a sharp whistle, a crescent–shaped white radiance shot out. It expanded until it resembled a
massive sickle and hit them..
Boom!
Boom!
Boom!
Three explosions went off; the ground shook from the force.
The first explosion broke Orson’s ray of golden light.
The second explosion blew up Theodore’s crane.
The third explosion disintegrated Graham’s ghostly shadows.
It was as if the three of them were struck by lightning. They were thrown across the forest and crashed, creating three craters on the ground.
“What? Did he defeat three grandmasters? How is that possible?”
“What the fuck? He’s a monster!”
The crowd was dumbfounded as they took in the scene.
They thought it would be an easy win since it was three against one. They didn’t expect Michael to defeat three people simultaneously with just one move.
###Chapter 1001 by Marina Vittori
That was just too powerful! “Haha! Yes! We won!” Abigail jumped for joy. A while ago, she was still worried that her father would lose. She didn’t expect him to win so easily.
“A powerful man, indeed.” Dustin smiled faintly. He wasn’t too surprised by the result. Michael was an ultimate grandmaster. He was also ranked the best among the five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno.
Theodore and the other two men weren’t his match at all. If Michael hadn’t shown them mercy,
they would have been taken down a long time ago.
“Do you still want to fight?” Michael took a step forward. His demeanor grew even more imposing.
It was hard not to be intimidated by him.
Theodore and the rest crawled out of the pit, looking a mess. They were both shocked and
cautious.
They had never imagined that Michael had hidden his true strength. His sudden outburst earlier
had completely caught them off guard.
“What do we do now? Are we going to give up just like this?” Theodore glanced at the other two
men, feeling dissatisfied.
They were so close to getting the Celestial Pearl. Then Michael showed up and ruined everything.
“Unless we get help from someone stronger, we won’t be able to win against him.” Graham
furrowed his brows.
He had yet to recover from the blow Michael had dealt him earlier.
“Alas, there’s barely anyone in the whole of Balerno that can compete against him.” Orson shook
his head.
As the three hesitated, a gust of wind swept through the area.
Chilliness enveloped the area. It made the martial artists at the scene shiver as if they had fallen into an ice cellar.
They could even see the breaths they exhaled. Despite it being spring, it felt like winter had suddenly arrived.
“What’s going on? I don’t feel good about this.”
J
“Same here. That chill is too eerie. I’ve got goosebumps all over.”
The martial artists whispered among themselves while glancing around. They felt uneasy.
Right then, a man pointed in the distance. “Look! What’s that black fog?”
Everyone looked over in that direction. They watched as thick black fog rolled out from the forest. It surged like a tsunami, giving off an intense feeling of dread.
The thick fog resembled a menacing abyss, consuming everything in its path. All the plants and trees it touched withered and died on the spot.
“Is this miasma from the forest? It looks strange, though.” Instead of avoiding it, the man nearest to it reached out to touch the fog.
Right then, his palm blackened in an instant, and his skin was beginning to decay at a rapid pace.
The man was stunned for a moment. Then he let out an agonizing cry.
Before he could even run for his life, the fog enveloped him and swallowed him whole.
The man screamed even louder. He struggled desperately to break free.
When he finally broke free from the fog, he was covered in blood, and his body was in decay.
Seconds later, he fell to the ground.
The man was dead.
“Run! The fog is poisonous!”
The man’s sudden death badly affected the other martial artists. Their expression changed.
drastically.
Terrified, they immediately turned around to get the hell out of the place. However, as they ran, a
horrifying scene unfolded before their eyes.
The black fog had covered the entire area. It left them with no place to hide.
At the sight of that, everyone was stunned and fell into despair. There was nothing they could do except wait for their impending doom as the fog drew closer and closer.
###Chapter 1002 by Marina Vittori
“What’s going on? Where did the black fog come from?”
“Does anyone have Curax? I’d be willing to pay a high price for it!”
“Oh, no! Are we going to be poisoned to death?”
Everyone was terrified as they watched the black fog closing in on them from all sides. Their legs
had turned to jelly.
They had come here in search of treasure. But instead of finding any, they had thrown themselves
into danger.
“This is bad. The Black Forest has Song of Hell!”
Michael scanned his surroundings with a grim expression. At this time, he could no longer care
about Theodore, Graham, and Orson.
“Dad, what’s Song of Hell?” Abigail couldn’t help but feel nervous when she saw how anxious the
others were.
“An extremely terrifying miasma. It’s known as one of the ten deadliest poisons in the world.
While it might not be the most toxic, its lethality is unmatched. It destroys and devours everything in its path,” Michael explained.
Hearing that, Abigail swallowed nervously. “Then what should we do now?”
“Miracle doctor, you have exceptional medical skills and are well–versed in poisons. Do you have any idea how to deal with it?” Azalea suddenly asked.
“No.” Dustin frowned.
“Song of Hell is approaching relentlessly. The martial artists below the grandmaster level will have a hard time resisting it. Even Curax won’t be of much help.”
The surrounding black fog seemed sentient. It had its target fixed on humans, which was somewhat peculiar.
“Mr. Rhys, let’s try to use our internal energy,” Michael suggested.
Dustin nodded. “Okay.”
They took a deep breath at the same time and thrust their palms at the black fog nearby. Then, fierce gusts of wind surged forward. It pushed the fog several meters to the back at once.
“It’s working!” Abigail’s eyes brightened.
However, the next second, her smile froze.
The space that had been cleared was instantly engulfed by the black fog again.
“One more time!”
Michael and Dustin exchanged a glance. They continued to unleash their palm strikes.
They managed to push the fog far behind. But it soon returned as soon as they stopped using their
internal energy.
Rather than forcing the fog away, they only slowed its speed.
“Why can’t the black fog be blown away?” Abigail was both shocked and confused.
“Song of Hell is something else.” Dustin frowned.
“Mr. Rhys!”
At this time, Vanessa led Azure Mist and walked up to them. She handed Dustin a bottle of medicine and said, “This is Curax. Hurry up and eat it. You’d be able to withstand the fog.”
Dustin shook his head. “It’s useless. This is Song of Hell.”
“Song of Hell?”
Hearing that, the members of Azure Mist changed their expressions drastically. Although they had never encountered the miasma before, they had heard of how powerful it was.
It was a deadly poison that could destroy everything with a single touch.
As the black fog continued its advance, an increasing number of martial artists fell victim to it. The scene was starting to be filled with panicked screams and agonized cries.
“Ah! I don’t want to die!”
“Save me, please!”
“Why am I still poisoned? I’ve taken Curax!”
“This is a disaster!”
###Chapter 1003 by Marina Vittori
Everyone was running around in panic. However, the black fog had blocked all their paths. There was nowhere for them to go. “The Venerable Crane, aren’t you powerful? Please save us!”
“Sir Thorne, you are a grandmaster martial artist. You must be able to help us, right?” “Orson, aren’t you supposed to care about us? Saving lives is going to benefit an abbot like you tremendously!”
A group of flustered martial artists hurried over to Theodore and his group. They cried and begged
to be saved.
“What a bunch of trash! Fuck off!” Theodore waved his hand, giving off a force that sent them
flying.
“Well, greed kills a person. You can only consider this your misfortune,” Graham said coldly, remaining unfazed.
“This is a natural catastrophe. There is nothing much I can do either.” Orson shook his head.
In the face of the poisonous fog, the grandmasters could only protect themselves.
“Sir Robinson! Please save us!”
Right then, a large group of martial artists approached Michael and kneeled in front of him. They all prostrated before him.
“Since you’re so powerful, you must have a way to save us!”
“Neptune, we see you as our idol. You can’t leave us in the lurch!”
They wept bitterly, well aware that Michael was the only one who could save them.
“Dad, what should we do? We can’t just sit by and wait for death, can we?” Abigail asked.
Michael had tried unleashing his inner energy earlier. However, it was of no help at all.
“Actually, I have another way.” He let out a soft sigh. “But it’s pretty risky.”
“Mr. Robinson. Don’t do anything reckless!” Dustin immediately warned, his brow furrowing.
He could tell what was on Michael’s mind.
“Mr. Rhys, we’re talking about human lives here. These people will be the backbone of the martial world in the future. How can I just stand by and watch them die?” Michael shook his head.
“With your cultivation, you can easily leave with Abigail safely. Why bother getting involved?”
“If I don’t help them, they are going to die. Their deaths would greatly affect the martial world,” Michael said with a complicated expression.
“Do you think it’s worth sacrificing yourself for the sake of these people who have nothing to do with you?” Dustin was slightly wound up.
“Don’t worry. I’m not going to die. It’s just Song of Hell. Just watch me get rid of it!”
Michael took a step forward and suddenly rose into the air. He held his palm up and created a massive energy vortex around his body. Then, he fiercely took a deep breath.
As the vortex swirled wildly, an immense force erupted in an instant. The force forcibly pulled the
black fog over.
In the blink of an eye, Michael had been engulfed by the poisonous miasma. Right then, there was only a huge vortex swirling in the air, sucking in the overwhelming black fog.
“Mr. Robinson!” Dustin’s face fell.
He had guessed it right. Michael was going to use his body as the medium to take in all of the
black fog.
He was risking his life for the sake of the people!
###Chapter 1004 by Marina Vittori
“The black fog has been sucked away!”
“This is great! We are safe!”
“As expected of Sir Robinson!” When everyone saw the miasma being drawn away, their spirits were instantly lifted. They had thought they were going to die.
Fortunately, Michael had saved them. He had used his immense power to absorb all the poisonous miasma. They were no longer in danger!
It didn’t take long for the surrounding black fog to slowly disappear. “It’s gone! The black fog is gone!”
The crowd was filled with joy. They were glad to have survived the disaster.
In stark contrast, Michael underwent a rapid transformation upon absorbing the miasma. His
entire body darkened from head to toe. Even his nails turned black.
The poison had spread across his body.
In the end, Michael couldn’t take it anymore. He coughed out a mouthful of black blood and fell
from above.
“Dad!” Just as Abigail wanted to step forward to catch him, Dustin stopped her.
“I’ll do it,” he said and quickly leaped into the air.
Dustin caught Michael in his arms and gracefully descended to the ground.
Michael was weak, and his breathing was erratic. The poison of Song of Hell was attacking his
body.
If it weren’t for his strong cultivation foundation, he would have been dead by now.
Still, Michael’s current condition wasn’t ideal. The poison had entered his internal organs. It was
causing significant damage to his foundation.
“Sir! How is my dad?” Abigail rushed over, her face filled with worry.
“Stay back! Your dad is filled with poison now!” Dustin held up his hand,
Abigail stopped a few feet away from them.
After that, Dustin took out his silver needles. He closed Michael’s eight extraordinary meridians to stop the poison from spreading.
Next, he made a small cut on Michael’s finger, letting the blood flow out to detoxify his body.
Surprisingly, his blood was black.
“It’s not enough.”
Dustin frowned. Right then, he slapped his palms against Michael’s back. He infused him with his
internal energy to cleanse the poison.
As the energy passed through Michael’s body, the black blood flowed out even more heavily.
When it dripped to the ground, it sizzled and swirled into a black smoke.
The other martial artists quickly distanced themselves. They were scared of being infected by the
poison.
“Abigail, give me the Celestial Pearl!” Dustin called.
“Okay!” Abigail didn’t hesitate. She immediately tossed the golden pearl to him.
“It’s the Celestial Pearl!”
Seeing that, the others‘ eyes lit up, especially Theodore, Graham, and Orson.
They had been curious about the pearl. Now that they had seen it with their eyes, it felt entirely
different.
“Let’s hope for the best.” Dustin regained his composure. He immediately put the pearl into
Michael’s mouth.
The Celestial Pearl could absorb the spiritual energy of the universe and convert it for personal
use.
Song of Hell also had spiritual energy. So, the pearl should be able to detoxify the toxin in
Michael’s body.
###Chapter 1005 by Marina Vittori
Upon entering Michael’s mouth, the Celestial Pearl emitted a brilliant golden light. Then, it moved into his abdomen. The pearl began to spin wildly, removing the poison from his body.
“It’s working!” Dustin was delighted. With the help of the pearl, Michael should be able to pull it through. “Hand over the Celestial Pearl, Michael!” Theodore demanded after coming to his senses. His face was full of greed.
“How can you swallow such a priceless treasure? Spit it out right now! Or we won’t show you mercy!” Graham fixed his eyes on him intently.
“That is an evil relic. Don’t be bewitched by it, Sir Robinson!” Orson also couldn’t hold himself back anymore. He began to walk closer to them.
“Stop right there!” Abigail blocked their way.
She spat, “My dad is severely poisoned now. We need the pearl to save his life. Do not interfere!”
“Hmph! He’s already at death’s door. It’s a waste letting him have the pearl!” Theodore was
growing impatient.
“And you call yourself a human? My dad ended up like this to save you guys! Are you going to turn
on the person who helped you?”
“Get your facts straight. We didn’t ask for his help. He took it upon himself to do it.”
“How shameless!” Abigail furrowed her brow in anger.
She had thought such seniors would hold onto the moral principles of the martial world. However,
it turned out that they were just a bunch of shameless people.
“Cut the crap! If you don’t hand over the Celestial Pearl, then prepare to die!” Theodore shouted.
“Sir Crane, this young woman is Michael’s daughter. She must be important to him, so let’s hold
her hostage first!” Graham snorted and lunged forward to catch Abigail.
As long as they got hold of Michael’s weakness, Michael would have to listen to them. That was
“Impudence!” Right then, a stern voice came through.
A figure suddenly descended from above and stood in front of Abigail. Then, he blocked Graham’s attack.
A loud bang resounded.
Graham was pushed back several feet away. Blood trickled from the corners of his lips, and his face turned pale.
On the contrary, the figure stood firm. He didn’t seem to have suffered any injury.
That person was none other than Ronald, the leader of Balerno martial arts.
“Ronald?” Graham’s expression changed at once upon seeing who it was. Even Theodore and Orson couldn’t help but frown.
None of the ultimate grandmasters of Balerno dared claim to be stronger than Ronald. He became the leader of the martial arts alliance because of his formidable strength.
“Ronald, you’re finally here.” Michael slowly opened his eyes. He seemed relieved.
They were close friends and had faced tough times together. At the moment, Ronald had the power to take complete control of the situation.
“What’s wrong, Micheal? Did you get poisoned?” Ronald frowned. He looked a little worried.
“Don’t worry. I’m still far from dying.” Michael shook his head. “But I might need your help to drive these people away.”
“Leave it to me.” Ronald nodded.
His gaze landed on Theodore and the other two men. “You are grandmaster martial artists! Aren’t you ashamed of attacking someone of the younger generation?”
“Sir Reeds, Michael has taken the sacred relic that belongs to the martial world. It’s our duty to retrieve it for the alliance’s benefit!” Theodore said firmly.
“That’s right! We’re doing this for the future of the alliance. We hope that you can see the bigger
picture, Sir Reeds!” Graham echoed.
They were well aware that fighting with Ronald would be futile. Hence, they decided to claim the
###Chapter 1006 by Marina Vittori
“Oh? And what’s with the Celestial Pearl?” Ronald looked back. He was confused. “Uncle Reeds, we had risked our lives to get the pearl. It belongs to us, to begin with. They’re the ones who want to snatch it from us!” Abigail explained.
“Nonsense! We’re doing this for the martial world! Unlike you, who are only after personal gain,” Theodore said righteously.
“Sir Reeds, they harbor ulterior motives! Look at how selfish they are! They don’t even care about the alliance. They should be severely punished!” Graham added.
“Those who connect with evil entities certainly don’t have a clean mind,” Orson remarked.
At this moment, the three grandmasters had abandoned their earlier aggressive stance. They pretended to be righteous in front of Ronald.
“What a bunch of hypocrites! Stop throwing mud at us!” Abigail was annoyed.
It was clearly them who wanted to seize the pearl, yet they had the nerve to speak with such
righteousness!
“They’re distorting facts!” she muttered inwardly.
“Enough!” Ronald raised his hand to stop their argument.
“Who have the Celestial Pearl now?” he asked coldly.
“It’s inside my dad’s stomach.”
Abigail continued to explain, “My dad was gravely poisoned while trying to save them. These
monsters knew he needed the pearl to treat the poison. And yet, they still insisted on taking it
from us.
“They didn’t care about my dad’s condition! They are truly heartless!”
Ronald’s expression darkened. “Is that so?”
“Sir Reeds, the Celestial Pearl is a sacred relic of the martial world. We’re just worried that it might
be desecrated by Michael!” Theodore argued.
“That’s right! The pearl will be ruined if it gets contaminated by the poison in Michael’s body,”
“Shut up!” Ronald shouted.
“The pearl is indeed important, but it’s nothing compared to Michael’s life. You are all prominent figures in the martial world. How can you do something like this?”
He warned, “Get out of my sight right now! Or face my wrath!”
“Sir Reeds…”
“Do I have to repeat myself?”
Theodore wanted to say something. However, he fell into silence in an instant. Ronald had shot a sharp glare at him.
Among the five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno, Ronald was the strongest.
Theodore and the rest couldn’t even defeat Michael when they teamed up, let alone take down Ronald. Although they were dissatisfied, they had no choice but to swallow their displeasure.
“Let’s leave!” Theodore frowned and stepped away from the place.
“Damn! What bad luck!” Graham gritted his teeth and left with the disciples of the Soul Reapers.
“I hope that you can repress the evil relic for the betterment of the people. I’ll be taking my leave
now.” Orson bowed slightly and walked away.
Although the three of them had their own motives, they dared not play any tricks in front of
Ronald.
“Let’s go. There’s nothing more to watch.”
“My trip here has gone in vain! I didn’t even manage to get anything!”
“Stop whining. We’re already lucky enough to survive the miasma earlier.”
Soon, the rest of the martial artists dispersed.
After most of them had left, Ronald turned around and helped Michael up.
“Michael, are you okay? Can you hold on?” he asked with concern.
“I’m fine. It’s just poison. I’ll recover in a few days.” Michael shook his head.
“Stop putting on a front, Mr. Robinson. Song of Hell is not easy to detoxify. If it wasn’t because of the pearl, I might not have been able to save you,” Dustin said solemnly.
Each of the top ten deadliest poisons was extremely terrifying. Even grandmasters would have a hard time withstanding it.
They were lucky to have the pearl to ward off the disaster.
###Chapter 1007 by Marina Vittori
“Michael, you haven’t changed a bit. You only ever show your good side to people. Look at you, you look like you’ll collapse at any moment. And yet, you still pretend like everything is okay,” Ronald said helplessly.
“I heard that you’ve swallowed the Celestial Pearl. Can your body handle it?” he asked. “Don’t worry, Sir Reeds. The pearl is a sacred relic. It won’t harm Mr. Robinson’s body and will absorb the poison inside. It’ll also help him increase his cultivation level,” Dustin explained.
“Oh, really?” Ronald raised his brows slightly and chuckled. “A blessing in disguise. Don’t you think so, Michael? With this pearl, you’ll have a chance to break
through the ultimate grandmaster level.”
“Let’s just leave it to fate.” Michael shook his head. He said, “The pearl is a valuable treasure. It’s bound to attract a lot of attention. It might bring us quite a bit of trouble in the future.”
“Rest assured, Michael. As long as I’m here, no one can take the pearl away.” Ronald was confident.
Micheal laughed. “Are you going to protect me 24/7?”
“No, you’ve misunderstood. It’s not you that I’m protecting, but the pearl.”
All of a sudden, Ronald thrust his hand into Michael’s abdomen. He forcefully took out the golden.
pearl in his stomach.
His hand was covered in blood and bits of internal organs.
“Huh?”
Everyone was stunned. Their eyes widened in disbelief.
Ronald had been chatting happily with Michael just moments ago. None of them had expected
him to attack Michael and rip open his abdomen.
It was such a cruel move!
Looking at the sinister smile on Ronald’s face, Michael was baffled.
Years ago, Michael had saved Ronald when he was in danger. They had become as close as brothers since then.
They set out on the path of the martial world together, forging a formidable reputation.
Michael knew the dangers of the martial world and how unpredictable humans were. However, never once had he suspected Ronald. After all, they shared a deep bond!
“W–Why?” Michael fixed his eyes on Ronald intently. He paid no attention to the large wound on his abdomen.
“I’m sorry, Michael. I’ve wanted the Celestial Pearl for a long time now. I never thought that it’d end up inside you. I have no other choice,” Ronald said bluntly.
He never thought of taking Michael’s life. However, Michael somehow ended up swallowing the treasure.
Ronald had no choice but to kill him to get the pearl.
“You could have just told me that you wanted the pearl. I would’ve given it to you without hesitation. Why did you have to do this?” Michael was in disbelief.
Was their friendship less valuable than the pearl?
“Give it to me without hesitation?” Ronald snorted.
“Michael, do you think I’m a kid? The Celestial Pearl is a sacred relic of the martial world.
“It’s also the main element we need to break through the ultimate grandmaster level. How could you possibly give such a precious item to me?
“The pearl is nowhere as important as our bond. I just don’t understand why,” Michael said bitterly while touching the wound on his abdomen.
Indeed, humans would change over time. Back then, Ronald was an upright man. He hated evil.
After years of not seeing him, Michael never expected Ronald to change so much.
“Michael, I want to be the most respected person in the martial world. I want everyone to bow
down to me! Whoever blocks my path will have to die!”
As soon as Ronald finished speaking, he slapped Michael’s chest.
Michael was sent flying several feet away.
###Chapter 1008 by Marina Vittori
With a loud thump, Michael fell to the ground heavily. Blood oozed out of his nose and mouth in an instant as the color drained from his face.
“Dad!” Abigail shouted, shocked. She quickly ran to her father. “Ronald, are you crazy?” Dustin’s gaze was murderous.
He always thought that Ronald was an upright person. He held great respect in the martial world. It had never occurred to him that Ronald was actually a wolf in sheep’s clothing.
“Crazy?” Ronald suddenly laughed. “Do you know how much effort I’ve put in just to get the Celestial Pearl? I first made use of Paul.
“I spread the news of his death to lead the disciples of Jade Maiden Sisterhood to Balerno. After that, I let you guys have the Jade Maiden Scripture that had the map.”
“Everything went according to plan. In short, you’re nothing more than my pawns. With you barging into the tomb one after another, Iris‘ attention could be diverted. And from that diversion, I could seize the chance to get the pearl.”
“My efforts didn’t go in vain. After so long, I’ve finally achieved my goal! Now that I have the sacred relic in my hands, I’ll be able to break through the ultimate grandmaster level. I will be the leader of the entire martial world! Everyone will have to listen to me!”
Ronald could finally bid goodbye to his facade.
“So you’re the mastermind?”
Dustin clenched his fists tightly, glaring at Ronald. “You killed Sir Paul and pinned it on me! You poisoned the antidote and released Spring! You’re also the one behind Natasha’s disappearance!”
“That’s right!” Ronald laughed.
“In fact, I also caused the Song of Hell earlier. I wanted to get rid of all of you so that no one would know I had the pearl.
“But I never thought Michael would be so dumb to absorb the black fog into his body. So, I could, only show up personally in the end. Now, any last words?”
Since the truth had been revealed, they were all doomed to die.
“No wonder I’ve been feeling that someone has been secretly pulling the strings. So it was you all along.” Azalea was frightened. She took several steps to the back.
Her intuition was right.
“Ronald, die!” Dustin shouted.
He stomped and lunged forward at lightning speed. His body was enveloped in a beam of white light.
Ronald sneered. “You’re overestimating yourself!”
Then, he faced the attack head–on as a black light formed around him.
None of them appeared to be weaker. In the end, the black and white lights fiercely collided against each other. It sent tremors to the surroundings.
An aggressive wave of force surged out from their collision. It swept across the area in all directions, annihilating everything in its path.
It stirred up a howling gale, sending sand and stones scattering everywhere.
The martial artists, who hadn’t gone far, stopped walking and turned around.
“Eh, it sounds like a fight is going on!”
“Huh? Hasn’t it ended? Or has another treasure emerged?”
“Something must be happening over there. Let’s go and have a look!”
###Chapter 1009 by Marina Vittori
The martial artists immediately headed over to the source.
“It looks like it isn’t over yet.”
After exchanging a glance, Theodore, Graham, and Orson also turned around. They led their
respective groups back.
They were shocked to see Ronald and Dustin engaging in a fierce fight when they arrived.
Their attacks were intense, and neither seemed to be going easy on the other.
What was going on?
Weren’t they on the same side?
Why were they in a fight?
The crowd was confused.
“Help!” Right then, a pleading voice came through from a distance.
When they looked over, they saw Abigail crying her eyes out. Laying in her arms was Michael. He was severely injured.
Seeing that there was no response from them, Abigail kneeled on the ground.
She frantically pleaded, “Please! Help me save my dad, please!”
Michael was pale. Blood was still flowing from his abdomen, nose, and mouth. He looked like he was on the verge of death.
However, the martial artists remained unfazed.
Only Azalea tried to save Michael. She infused him with some of her true energy. However, it was of no help.
“Listen up, members of the alliance!” All of a sudden, Ronald’s imposing voice pierced the air.
“Michael has been led astray by the malevolent energy within him. He must be eliminated! Those who can rid us of this threat will be generously rewarded!”
That instantly stirred up the crowd.
“What? Michael has been led astray? Does it have anything to do with the miasma earlier?”
“Since Sir Reeds has said so, it must be right! If we don’t kill him, it will only bring us trouble in
the future.”
“Yes! It’s our obligation to get rid of evil. We can’t let him go!”
Soon, everyone drew out their swords. They looked like they were about to uphold justice.
“Ronald is talking nonsense!” Abigail retorted with a shrill voice. “He attacked my dad to get the
pearl!”
“Outrageous! How dare you slander me when you are in the wrong?” Ronald’s commanding voice resounded again.
“Heed my command! Get rid of this group of evil people. Whoever succeeds in eliminating them
will receive my lifetime of knowledge. You will also be appointed as an elder of the martial arts
alliance!”
“Lifetime of knowledge?”
“Appointed as an elder of the alliance?”
As soon as they heard that, the martial artists could no longer stay composed. Their eyes were
instantly filled with greed.
The chance to gain a lifetime of knowledge from Ronald was more valuable than any treasure. Plus, the role of an alliance elder could raise their status. They would be famous throughout
Balerno.
The rewards were too tempting. Driven by self–interest, the martial artists gradually closed in on Abigail and Michael.
Whoever was right or wrong no longer mattered. As long as they could kill Michael and the rest,
they would be able to find a place in the sun.
“Don’t believe him! He’s lying! My dad wasn’t led astray, and we’re not evil!” Abigail was getting
anxious.
She didn’t expect Ronald to be so despicable! He had completely twisted the facts.
“Kill them!”
“Kill the evil and uphold justice!”
But the martial artists had no intention of listening to her explanation. They charged toward her without hesitation.
###Chapter 1010 by Marina Vittori
“Don’t you dare! Whoever attacks them will die!” Azalea immediately rushed in front of Abigail. With two swords in her hands, she exuded a strong murderous intent.
“Ronald is lying to you! My father wasn’t led astray! He didn’t do anything evil!” Abigail continued to explain upon seeing the martial artists closing in on them.
“My dad has risked his life to save you. You wouldn’t have survived if he hadn’t absorbed all the black fog into his body.
“Even if you aren’t grateful for that, you shouldn’t turn on the person who helped you. Wake up! Ronald is the biggest villain!” she cried, trying hard to prove their innocence.
However, whatever she said didn’t seem to affect the martial artists in any way.
“Don’t you understand, Abigail? They only care about their own benefit. The truth doesn’t matter to them at all! They’re just a bunch of hypocrites! Quick, leave with Sir Robinson first! I’ll cover for you!” Azalea said, charging forward with her two blades.
1
She was far from being virtuous, but she wasn’t ungrateful.
“You’re courting death!” Theodore snorted and thrust his palm in her direction.
Azalea was sent flying several feet away. She was no match for him at all.
Right then, Michael let out a faint sigh as he slowly stood up. At the same time, a wave of vitality was gradually surging within his body. The color was slowly returning to his face.
Soon, a fierce energy rose inside him–he was burning his life essence!
“Dad?” Abigail was stunned, wondering how her father became energetic all of a sudden.
He was literally in the jaws of death earlier.
“What’s going on? Wasn’t Michael seriously injured? How can he still stand up?”
“Damn! Do we still attack?”
The crowd was terrified. They stopped approaching at once and exchanged glances with one
another. They didn’t expect Michael to still have the strength to fight.
“What are you afraid of? Michael is already on his last legs. He won’t be able to hold on for long.
Come on!”
“Exactly! Let’s kill him to prevent future troubles!”
Although that was what they said, none of them had the guts to step forward. After all, they were
well aware of how powerful Michael was.
He could easily take their lives with a simple move.
“Sir Crane, are you really not showing us any mercy?” Michael frowned.
!
“You’ve been led astray and will bring harm to others in the future. It’s impossible for you to leave this place alive today!” Theodore said.
“That’s right! It’s our duty to get rid of evil!” Graham added.
“Sir Robinson, don’t fall any deeper into the path of darkness.” Orson lowered his head slightly.
“You can kill me, but my daughter is innocent. I hope that you can let her go,” Michael pleaded.
“Hmph! Whether or not she is innocent, you don’t have a say on that!” Theodore remarked harshly.
“If that’s the case, I’ll have no choice but to fight you with all my might.” Michael’s gaze was resolute
“With all your might? What makes you think you can fight us when you’re already at death’s door? “Theodore sneered.
“I can still move, and I’m sure it’s enough to end your lives!” As Michael spoke, he suddenly took a deep breath.
The next second, a terrifying energy began to present itself in the atmosphere. A gust of fierce wind swept through the area, scattering the sand and stones.
The martial artists trembled all over as if they were struck by lightning. They struggled to breathe, feeling like a mountain was pressing down on them.
###Chapter 1011 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?” Theodore, Graham, and Orson instinctively took several steps back, their expressions changing drastically. At this moment, they could feel the looming presence of death. A shiver ran down their spines, and they broke into a cold sweat.
If Michael executed this move of his, even if the three of them survived, they were doomed to be gravely injured. “Sir Robinson, you’d better not do anything reckless. Or, you’ll also die!” Theodore warned.
“Well, I’m already dying. I think it’s a pretty good thing if I can bring the three of you together withme,” Michael uttered.
Hearing that, they frowned. They wouldn’t want to risk their lives.
“Sir Robinson, you still have to think about your daughter, right?” Theodore said. “I can let her go,
but you must die today.”
“Yes! Only if you die can your daughter live!” Graham echoed.
“Can I trust you?” Michael asked.
Theodore held his head up high. “No matter what, I’m still a prominent figure in the martial world
I won’t go back on my word.”
“Michael, destroy your core first. I promise not to hurt your daughter,” Graham vowed.
“Innocent people will not be implicated.” Orson nodded slightly.
“Okay. Since you are all also grandmasters, I trust you. I’ll give up on my practice today in exchange for my daughter’s life.” Michael turned around and cast a look at Abigail.
With a smile, he mouthed, “Take care, Abigail.”
“No! Don’t-” Abigail screamed, shaking her head fervently.
Before she could finish speaking, Michael raised his hand abruptly and struck his chest forcefully.
Following the loud bang, a mist of blood erupted.
Michael trembled and slumped to the ground. All his meridians were severed, and his cultivation
was gone in a flash.
“No!” Abigail wailed. She hurriedly rushed over to her father and pulled him into her arms.
At the sight of his bloody body, she felt her heart sting.
“Why? Why did you do that?” She held his hand, sobbing her eyes out.
“Silly girl, I’m already dying. Saving your life with mine, it’s worth it,” Michael said weakly,
summoning up a faint smile on his face.
“No! I don’t need you to exchange your life with mine! I won’t allow you to do that! Hang in there! I’ll bring you to the hospital right now!” she yelled, carrying him onto her back.
“It’s useless.” Michael shook his head. “I was supposed to die ten years ago. But I have been
worried about you. Now that you’ve grown up, it’s time for me to be with
“No! I don’t want you to die!” Abigail roared.
your mother.”
“Everyone will have to die eventually, silly girl. I’m already fortunate to live until today. In this
lifetime, I’m not ashamed of anything I’ve done. I only have regrets for you.
“I’m not a good father nor a good husband. Not only did I not protect your mother, but I also failed
to take good care of you. I’m a complete failure.” His weakening voice was filled with guilt.
“No, you’re wrong. It’s not like that.
face uncontrollably.
Abigail kept shaking her head as tears streamed down her
“I’ve never done anything for you before. Today, I finally managed to do what a father should.
Abigail, I’m incredibly proud to have you as my daughter.
“You’ve been my source of hope and joy. Your light has brightened my life. Don’t cry anymore,
silly girl. Take care of yourself. From now on, you have to rely on yourself…”
Michael struggled to raise his hand, attempting to wipe away the tears from the corner of her eye.
However, he was only halfway through when his hand fell down heavily.
And that marked the end of a generational legend.
###Chapter 1012 by Marina Vittori
“Dad?” Seeing Michael had breathed his last, Abigail was stunned for a moment. She then burst into tears. “Dad, wake up! Dad!” she cried out mournfully.
She held her father’s lifeless body tightly as sadness washed over her. Two tracks of bloody tears coursed down her face and dripped onto the ground.
She couldn’t believe that her only family was gone. She was all on her own from now on. At this moment, she seemed to have fallen into a dark abyss. Her entire world had turned colorless.
“He has finally died!” Looking at Michael’s corpse, Theodore couldn’t help but laugh.
“This is great! Someone like him should be eliminated!”
“So what if he was one of the five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno? Didn’t he still end up dead?
Graham sneered. Michael’s death was undeniably a weight off his mind.
On the other hand, Orson only let out a long sigh.
“Now, finish off these two women!” Theodore suddenly pointed at Abigail.
Hearing that, everyone was stunned.
Didn’t Theodore agree to let them go earlier?
Why did he suddenly change his mind?
“What are you talking about? Didn’t you agree not to pursue this any further? Why are you going back on your word?” Azalea frowned.
She thought that as a grandmaster, Theodore would stick to his promise. She didn’t expect him to
be so shameless and publicly change his mind.
“Hmph! Do you think Michael would end his life if I didn’t say that? Besides, I only promised not to harm her personally. I never said my disciples couldn’t,” Theodore argued.
“Exactly! I can let you go, but the disciples of the Soul Reapers will have to uphold justice!”
Graham shouted.
“Justice? Are you in any place to mention justice when you have twisted the truth?” Azalea shouted.
Then, she added, “You talk about justice, but your means of doing things are nowhere close to it!
“How impudent!” Theodore glared at her.
He yelled, “Who do you think you are to speak so recklessly? Quick, kill them now to save us from
future troubles!”
Graham suddenly raised his arm. “Exterminate the evils for the betterment of the world!” he
shouted.
“Exterminate the evils for the betterment of the world!” His disciples followed along.
“Exterminate the evils for the betterment of the world! Kill them!”
The rest of the martial artists also drew out their weapons. They surged forward without
hesitation.
Michael was gone, so they had nothing else to worry about. As long as they could kill the two
women, they could have the chance to receive a lifetime of knowledge from Ronald.
“Why?” Abigail stumbled as she stood up. Deep hatred gradually filled her vacant gaze.
“Why did you drive us to the wall when we didn’t do anything wrong? My dad didn’t hurt anyone
In fact, he saved you with his life! But why did you force him to die?”
“Why? Tell me why!” Abigail suddenly let out a long roar, her eyes turning red. Right then, a wave of negative energy erupted. Fierce gusts of wind swept through the surroundings.
With the chilling air settling in, the temperature plummeted rapidly. Frost began to form on the ground.
###Chapter 1013 by Marina Vittori
All the plants and trees within a 20–foot radius were frozen. A phoenix pattern suddenly appeared behind Abigail. It was the seal within her body.
Under extreme sadness and hatred, her true ability gradually awakened, breaking the seal. Streaks of golden rays pierced through her body. It transformed into a huge golden phoenix in the air.
Radiant with colorful feathers, the phoenix unfurled its wings. Its eyes were filled with disdain.
As expected of the king of birds, its power was evidently mighty.
“Die! Go and die! I want to kill each and every single one of you!” Abigail roared. Her eyes were red
and hostile.
At this moment, her hair was starting to turn white. In a flash, she was completely white–haired.
Then, a deadly energy surged forth from within her body.
Under the influence of the negative energy, the golden phoenix began to transform. It turned into a sinister black phoenix.
Its gaze was laced with murderous intent, intense loathing, and overwhelming resentment. One
look alone would intimidate anyone.
“D–Demon! She’s a demon!” The martial artists were frightened. They immediately stopped moving forward.
None of them had expected to see something like this. The black phoenix was like the God of
Death, ready to bring ruin to everything on Earth.
“What’s going on? Why does she have such a terrible power?”
Theodore, Graham, and Orson were in shock. Despite being grandmasters, they could sense death
were closing in on them. It was even more terrifying than when they faced Michael.
“Die!” Abigail yelled.
She unleashed the deadly energy.
As if the phoenix had received a command, it emitted a piercing cry and transformed into a streak
of black light. It hurtled toward the crowd.
“Run!”
Scared out of their wits, the three grandmasters immediately turned to flee. Their instinct had told them to run..
before their disciples could react, the phoenix had killed them
The phoenix showed no mercy Everything that came into contact with it vaporized and vanished
into thin air
Even Ronald and Dustin were forced to separate from their fierce fight. They had to run for their
lives
After tearing through the area, the phoenix exploded with a thunderous roar
It transformed into a powerful hurricane and destroyed half of the forest. The nearby birds were startled and flew in panic.
Once things settled down, a long, deep, lifeless ravine stretched out before them. That was where the black phoenix had went through
Meanwhile, of the hundreds of martial artists present earlier, only half remained. They were left shivering on the ground, afraid.
The phoenix’s power was truly astonishing‘
###Chapter 1014 by Marina Vittori
“Die! I want all of you to die!” Abigail screamed in rage and grief, her eyes red. Her white hair danced in the air. She resembled someone who had gone astray.
All of a sudden, her body trembled. She spat out a mouthful of blood and collapsed on the ground. Her earlier attack had drained all of her energy. She was now at the mercy of others.
Abigail could barely hang on.“Abigail!” Azalea, who was disheveled, immediately got up and ran over to Abigail. After making sure that Abigail was still alive, she finally breathed a sigh of relief.
As expected, she was the daughter of the Grand Sorceress, after all. Now that her seal was broken, her true abilities had been completely awakened.
As long as Abigail could pull this through, she would undergo a powerful revival!
“That power was way too terrifying!”
“Demon! She’s a demon!“.
Looking at the wreckage around them, everyone was in shock and fear. They never thought someone as delicate as Abigail could unleash such terrifying energy.
“That was so close! I almost died!” Graham swallowed hard.
If he had suffered the blow head–on earlier, even as a grandmaster, he would’ve been vaporized on
the spot.
“Who is she exactly?” Theodore frowned as a cold shiver ran down his spine.
While he was relieved to have survived the attack, he was even more consumed by fear and
caution.
“We have to get rid of the demon, lest she bring calamity upon the people!” Orson said coldly. His once compassionate eyes were now tinged with killing intent.
“That’s right! Her power is too terrifying. If we don’t kill her today, we won’t be able to live
peacefully in times ahead!” Graham added.
Michael had died because of them, and now they shared a blood feud with Abigail. If they let her
go, she would no doubt seek revenge on them.
“What are you waiting for? She is a menace. Whoever kills her will be a great hero of the entire martial world!” Theodore shouted.
“Let’s get rid of the demon for justice!” Graham raised his arm.
“Yes! Let’s do it now! If she wakes up later, we are going to suffer again!”
“Exactly! We have to finish her off, or else we’ll have to die!”
“Kill her! Kill the demon!”
Seeing that Abigail was unconscious, the martial artists‘ courage surged once more. They drew out their weapons and immediately charged at her.
Abigail’s presence posed a great danger. Now that things had reached this point, there was only two option: their lives or hers.
“Let me see who dares to hurt my disciple!”
Dustin suddenly descended from above and stood in front of Abigail. He emanated à strong murderous intent, and his gaze was hostile.
Such intense intimidation once again stopped the martial artists in their tracks.
Dustin had been locked in battle with Ronald earlier. He could only watch as they drove Michael to his death.
Fortunately, the sudden appearance of the black phoenix stopped his fight. It gave him a chance to protect Abigail.
“Punk, this demon has harmed countless people! Why are you still protecting her?” Theodore spat.
“Hmph! You’re not a good person, either. Leave or suffer together!” Graham threatened.
To them, Abigail was more dangerous than Dustin at the moment.
“Demon? Bullshit!” Dustin snorted.
“You’re just a bunch of selfish people. You twist the truth, prey on the weak, and engage in shameless actions for your own benefit.
“You claim yourselves as heroes of justice while causing harm to the innocent. Don’t you think you’re the true demons?” he asked.
“How insolent!”
###Chapter 1015 by Marina Vittori
Theodore glared at him. “We are doing this for the greater good. If you insist on protecting her, you’ll end up going against the entire martial world!”
“That’s right! Hand her over now, or you’ll be our enemy!” Graham shouted. “Cease your harmful actions, and you may achieve instant enlightenment,” Orson said. He looked compassionate again. 1
“For the greater good? Your enemy?” Dustin snorted.
He continued, “If the martial world is full of selfish, immoral people like you, I don’t mind being
your enemy. Didn’t you say that I’m a demon? I’ll just be one, then!
“Whoever hurts my disciple will die! Go ahead. Try me! Let’s see if I can kill you with my evil
powers! Bring it on!”
Dustin suddenly took a step forward. He gave off a strong wave of lethal hostility. For a moment,
even Theodore, Graham, and Orson were stunned.
They wondered if Dustin had gone insane. How could he go against the entire martial world?
“Don’t panic, everyone!” Right then, Ronald stepped forward.
He shouted, “He’s injured. He can barely hold on for much longer!”
Upon hearing that, they all instantly perked up. They thought Dustin was putting up a front.
“Heed my command! Kill him!”
With that, Ronald lunged forward and led the attack. The rest of the martial artists followed suit.
They charged into the fray aggressively.
“Attack!”
Seeing that, Dustin took a deep breath and pointed at the sky. “Celestial Blade!” he shouted.
Right then, the sound of a long sword being unsheathed resonated. A black ray shot up from the
ground like a thunderbolt and soared into the sky.
Its incredibly fast speed left a long, black trail in the sky. It resembled a flying black dragon at
first glance.
“Strike!” Dustin waved his hand.
With a swish, the sword changed its direction. It transformed into a black beam, pressing down on
the people on the ground.
When the sword aura erupted, countless black rays burst out in an instant. Hundreds of martial
artists were torn apart and died on the spot.
Theodore’s arm was severed, and blood was gushing from his wound.
Graham slumped onto the ground, coughing up blood after being sent flying across the air.
Meanwhile, Orson was blinded. He screamed in agony as his face was left disfigured.
All the disciples from their sects and various others suffered heavy injuries.
Blood was everywhere. It was a hellish sight!
###Chapter 1016 by Marina Vittori
“What a powerful sword!” Seeing the Celestial Blade, Ronald sensed danger: He immediately moved hundreds of meters away from the scene.
Fortunately, he reacted fast. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been any better than the three grandmasters.
“My goodness! Look at the number of people he injured with just a move! Is he even a human?”
“Monster! He is a monster!”
Some of the neutral martial artists were stunned upon seeing the horrific scene in front of them.
Their eyes widened with fear. Luckily, they hadn’t joined the fight, or they would have also been
dead.
“Amazing! As expected of a young grandmaster!” Emily stared at the imposing figure. She felt a
sense of inexplicable excitement.
Dustin had single–handedly defeated multiple sects. It was truly astonishing!
“If someone is willing to go against the martial world for me, I’ll die with no regrets,” Vanessa muttered. There was a glint in her eyes.
Which woman wouldn’t be attracted to such a strong and protective man?
“Seriously? Is he going to challenge all of them by himself?”
Walter and Nathan exchanged a glance. Their expressions revealed shock and fear.
Logically speaking, Dustin shouldn’t have been able to escape death in the fight. However, he surprisingly turned the situation around with just a swing of his sword.
It was too terrifying!
“Anyone else?” Dustin waved his hand and summoned his sword back into his palm. His
murderous intent showed no less than before.
The rest of the martial artists were dumbfounded. They shook like leaves, unable to even hold their weapons properly.
Dustin had killed hundreds of people in one move. If he were to swing his sword a few more times, wouldn’t they all die?
They dared not provoke him again.
“If there’s no one else, get out of my sight right now!” Dustin shouted.
“Let’s leave! Quick!”
The martial artists immediately scrambled to their feet to flee.
“Wait!” Ronald’s voice suddenly came through.
“Don’t be afraid! He’s already on his last legs. He won’t be able to fight against us anymore!”
When they heard that, they almost cursed.
That was exactly what he said earlier, but in the end, Dustin nearly got all of them killed!
“Forget it, Sir Reeds. I still have a family to take care of. I don’t want to risk my life anymore,” a
bald martial artist pleaded.
“You don’t trust me?” Ronald’s expression darkened.
He added, “He has used up all his energy in that move. I’m sure he won’t be able to strike again!”
“I don’t care. I’m out of here.” The bald man threw his sword away and ran off.
He wasn’t so stupid to risk his life testing his opponent’s strength.
“Stop right there! I said stop!” Ronald called out.
However, when the bald man didn’t respond, his anger flared.
“You’re courting death!” He thrust his palm in the bald man’s direction.
The bald man’s body instantly exploded and disintegrated. Blood rained down and drenched the ground.
At the sight of that, everyone was shocked. They didn’t expect Ronald to be so brutal. He had
killed a man just because he didn’t listen to him.
“Hmph! How can we be afraid of evil when it’s our obligation to get rid of them?”
Ronald cast a piercing gaze at them and continued righteously, “Whoever chickens out today, I won’t show you any mercy!”
The crowd became anxious. They couldn’t win against Dustin, nor could they escape. Ronald was just pushing them to death! How could there be such a cruel martial arts leader?
###Chapter 1017 by Marina Vittori
The crowd exchanged glances, filled with anger and resentment. However, Ronald was too powerful. They dared not go against him.
“Both of you, go and finish off that guy. I’ll reward you generously once you’re done.” Ronald casually pointed at two martial artists.
“Huh?” Shocked, the martial artists immediately waved their hands. “Sir Reeds, we aren’t his match at all! We are too weak!”
“Cut the crap! Do as I say or die!” Ronald shouted. Upon hearing that, the two martial artists turned pale and nearly collapsed. Either fight against Dustin or be executed by Ronald. There was no third option.
“Why don’t you fight with me instead of using them as your scapegoats, Ronald?” Dustin shouted.
“Hmph! Stop putting on an act. Your internal injuries have resurfaced. I doubt you can even stand properly now.” Ronald sneered.
“Oh? Since you’re so sure about it, bring it on.” Dustin beckoned for him to come over.
“I don’t need to deal with a small fry like you. These two are more than enough!”
As he spoke, he struck the ground at the feet of the two martial artists with his palm, creating a hole.
“What are you waiting for? Hurry up and attack! Do you want to be punished?”
The two martial artists had no choice but to steel themselves and advance. If they met their end at Dustin’s hands, they could at least leave behind an honorable legacy.
They wouldn’t have to worry about being labeled as cowards.
“Fuck! Whatever!”
Upon getting closer to Dustin, they exchanged a glance. Then, at the same time, they charged at him.
With a frown, Dustin swiftly wielded his sword in response.
The two martial artists froze in their tracks. The next second, their heads fell, rolling onto the ground.
After his move, Dustin suddenly turned pale. He lost his balance and fell to the ground, coughing
He was drenched in sweat, and his breathing grew labored.
His previous imposing demeanor was gone.
Ronald was right. Dustin was indeed on his last leg.
The fact that he was able to hold on this long was already an exceptional feat. After all, he had suffered several injuries.
The unceasing battles had drained his energy. The last strike with his sword had sapped the last
bits of it.
He thought he would be able to intimidate the martial artists with that move earlier. But Ronald still saw him through.
“See? I told you that he was on his last legs! Anyone else unconvinced?” Ronald laughed brazenly. He was brimming with self–satisfaction.
“It seems like it’s over for him. You’re a wise man, Sir Reeds!”
“After fighting for so long, he’s finally running out of strength. It’s incredible that he managed to hold on this long!”
“Damn! So it was just a bluff! He scared me earlier. I’m so going to pay it back to him later!”
Seeing that Dustin had collapsed, the martial artists regained their confidence. They began to act
arrogantly, putting on false bravado.
“Azalea!” Supporting himself with the Celestial Blade, Dustin struggled to stand up.
He took out a Shadowbloom and threw it at her. “Take this flower and leave with Abigail! I’ll cover
for you!”
“Can you still hold on?” Azalea frowned.
“I can only hold them back for ten minutes. The rest depends on you now.” Dustin took a deep
breath, and his gaze turned sharp once again.
“Take care!” Azalea said nothing else. She carried the unconscious Abigail with her and ran away.
“Get them! None of them is allowed to leave!” Ronald ordered.
The martial artists dared not hesitate and immediately ran over to stop them.
Dustin slowly raised his sword, bracing himself for one last battle.
But then, it suddenly began to snow. Snowflakes danced gracefully in the air, softly drifting down to the ground.
The few martial artists at the forefront didn’t notice anything unusual. They let the snowflakes
fall on them.
However, upon contact, the snowflakes instantly exploded, releasing a staggering surge of energy.
Before the martial artists could react, they were blown up on the spot. The ground was soaked in pools of blood. Everyone was shocked!
###Chapter 1018 by Marina Vittori
Looking at Abigail, who was consumed with sorrow in his arms, Dustin sighed and reached out to pat her back. “Mr. Robinson is gone now. Don’t worry, I’m here. From now on, I’ll be your family. I promise I’ll never let anyone bully you,” he comforted.
“Why? What did I do wrong?” Abigail kept wailing in pain.“My mom has left me, and now even my dad is gone! I don’t understand! Why is this happening to me? Why?”
Michael had been righteous throughout his entire lifetime. He had never done anything bad. Even if someone had set him up, he wouldn’t harbor any resentment, let alone seek revenge.
Abigail just couldn’t figure out why such a person would end up dying so miserably.
Weren’t good people supposed to be rewarded?
If that were the case, she would rather be a villain!
“Kid, you’ll have to depend on yourself for everything,” Penelope Solace said faintly.
Then, she added, “Remember, in order to survive, you must be strong. You have to be powerful to
the point that you can change, the world and have everyone fear you.”
Hearing that, Abigail trembled. She turned around. “Who are you?”
“Me?” Penelope shot her a slight smile. “I’m your grandmother.”
“Grandmother?” Abigail was stunned. “Why have I never heard of you?”
“We hadn’t had the chance to meet, so it’s not surprising that you don’t know me. But it’s okay. I’ll
protect you from now on. No one will dare bully you,” Penelope said, her gaze filled with affection.
“She is a carbon copy of her mother,” Penelope thought.
“Sir, is she telling the truth?” Abigail didn’t quite believe her.
“She is indeed your maternal grandmother, but-”
“You didn’t have to add ‘maternal,” Penelope interrupted.
No matter what, Abigail was still her granddaughter.
“Abigail, your grandmother is from the Mystic Arts Order. It doesn’t exactly have a good
reputation. When Mr. Robinson was still alive, he told me not to involve you in it.” Dustin’s
expression was solemn.
“Are you really my grandmother?” Abigail asked as she trembled.
“Of course.” Penelope nodded. “The bloodline in your body has been awakened. Follow me back.
You’ll then be the Grand Sorceress in the future and can kill whoever you want.”
“I…” Abigail didn’t know what to say..
The sudden presence of a grandmother had caught her off guard. It left her mind in a mess.
“Abigail, the Mystic Arts Order isn’t a good place for you. You have better choices,” Dustin
persuaded.
“Mystic arts suit her the most. Once Abigail returns to us, I’ll carefully train her. I believe she’ll be
able to suppress you soon,” Penelope said with her head slightly held up high.
“Cultivation is indeed important. But if she goes astray because of this, she will only regret it for the rest of her life,” Dustin retorted.
“What do you mean by going astray? Unlike the hypocrites from those sects, the Mystic Arts Order is always clear about right and wrong. Don’t tarnish our reputation,” Penelope warned.
“Abigail, the choice is yours. Do you want to leave with me or join the Mystic Arts Order?” Dustin
asked.
Abigail fell into silence. After thinking about it for a while, she slowly looked up at him.
“Sir, I’ve decided to go with my grandmother,” Abigail said firmly.
“Great! I expect nothing less from my granddaughter!” Penelope was overjoyed.
After waiting for so long, she finally found a successor.
“Abigail, once you enter the Mystic Arts Order, there’ll be no turning back. At that time, it’ll be too
late for regrets.” Dustin frowned.
The Mystic Arts Order was the most formidable dark faction in existence. Once Abigail became its- Grand Sorceress, not only would she be criticized, but she would also be hunted down by martial
artists.
The price was too high.
“Sir, I know you meant well, but I have to go. I want to be powerful and seek revenge. I want everyone to fear me. If nice people can’t live long and their tormentors can, then I’d rather go on the wrong path.”
###Chapter 1019 by Marina Vittori
“I want to slaughter all these hypocrites and kill everyone that deserves to die! I will overturn this fake, wretched world of the martial arts for good!”
Abigail looked determined as she stressed every word. The menacing air she exuded left the others shuddering in fear.
Dustin couldn’t help but sigh when he heard her. He knew Abigail had changed.
She was no longer the kind, innocent woman she was before.
Yet, he couldn’t blame her. Her father had risked his life to save everyone. But he was driven to death by the very people he saved.
Who exactly was to blame? She had been pushed to this point!
Since there was no reward for kindness, it was only right for kindness to be forsaken. Since justice wasn’t served, it was only right for evil to spread.
“Abigail, whatever you decide, I will support you.” Dustin stroked Abigail’s head.
He told her gently, “Remember, I’ll always stand by your side. If you ever feel mistreated, just come back. Even if everyone is against you, I’ll protect you.”
“Okay!” Abigail nodded solemnly, her eyes brimming with tears.
“Madam Penelope, I hope you will take good care of Abigail.”
Dustin turned his attention to Penelope. He said firmly, “If the members of the Mystic Arts Order dare bully her, I will make sure to end all of you.”
“Oh?” The corner of Penelope’s lips curved up into a smile. She was amused.
She said, “Kid, you’re the first who dares speak to me that way.”
“Since you know my identity, you should know that the Rhys family never goes back on their word.” Dustin’s gaze was unwavering.
“Hahaha… Interesting, very interesting.” Penelope chuckled.
Instead of getting angry, she seemed to appreciate his temper. The stranger his temper was, the more she liked it.
“Abigail, until we meet again.”
###Chapter 1020 by Marina Vittori
Dustin patted Abigail’s shoulder. He picked up the Shadowbloom and turned around to leave. He wasn’t able to stop her since she already made a choice. He could only wish her the best.
“Goodbye, sir.” As Abigail watched him leave, she bit her lips, tears streaming down her face. After today, she wasn’t sure when she would ever see him again. “Abigail, do you want me to kill these scum for you?“:
Penelope swept a glance across the various sects. A red glint flashed in her eyes. It unnerved everyone present. They broke out in cold sweat, trembling from fear.
Yet, they didn’t dare move. They were like a group of lambs waiting to be slaughtered.
“No need! I will take revenge myself!” Abigail declined immediately.
With a chilling gaze, she took a good look around, remembering everyone’s faces.
“Listen up, you scum! I’m letting you go today, but this is not out of kindness. Because one day, I
will kill every one of you!
“Don’t you ever forget! One day, I will make you pay back tenfold–no, a hundredfold for what
you’ve done today.
“I’m going to torment you endlessly and make you suffer unbearable pain. I will make you die a slow, agonizing death while drowning in fear and despair!
“Before that, you must do everything you can to stay alive! I must be the one to take your lives! “Wait for me! Vengeance will be mine!”
###Chapter 1021 by Marina Vittori
Abigail left, carrying Michael’s body. But the words she left behind had sent shivers down the spines of those who heard her. Even though they escaped death, they couldn’t find it in themselves to be happy.
Who would have thought an ordinary woman was the Mystic Arts Order’s Grand Sorceress?
The Mystic Arts Qrder’s name alone sent fear into the hearts of people. The dread that had deeply ingrained itself was impossible to erase.
Nothing good will ever come from offending the Grand Sorceress. What was more, they had forced
her father to his death.
Since it involved the death of her loved one, the grievance she held would know no bounds.
From today onward, they would have to live in constant fear and anxiety. With no other way out, they could only await death.
“Sir Reeds, what do we do now? It seems like we have landed ourselves in huge trouble!”
A pale Graham stumbled his way toward Ronald. He still hadn’t recovered from the injury Dustin’s.
sword had inflicted.
Theodore and Orson suffered worse fates. One had a severed arm, while the other had turned
blind. They were true comrades in adversity.
“Why panic?” Ronald glared at him.
“As long as Penelope and the four guardians of the Mystic Arts Order stay out of it, who can hurt
us?”
“But we killed Michael and offended the Mystic Arts Order’s Grand Sorceress. We won’t have a peaceful day going forward.” Graham’s expression became graver.
“Hmph! What’s there to fear from a little girl who isn’t even a divine–level martial artist? We’ll talk about it again when she has reached the level of a grandmaster!” Ronald said coldly.
He had the Celestial Pearl in his hands. It would only be a matter of time before his breakthrough to become an ultimate grandmaster. (1)
When that time comes, he wouldn’t even fear the leader of the Mystic Arts Order, not to mention that little girl!
###Chapter 1022 by Marina Vittori
Meanwhile, within Azure Mist’s camp, Emily was shaking her head as she looked at Vanessa. “Vanessa, stop looking. We’re mere ants in the eyes of Dustin. We’re worlds apart.”
Her eyes followed the path Dustin had taken, and she let out a deep sigh. “As the chosen one, he’s a force capable of overwhelming the grandmasters. We can never hope to reach his level in our lifetime.”
She shared the same admiration toward Dustin, who was a young grandmaster. But she was well
aware that they were not in the same league.
It would be best to only admire him from afar. Getting closer would only lead to nothing but
frustration.
“If only he wasn’t so remarkable,” Vanessa muttered. She looked conflicted.
She had finally found someone she liked. But he was so outstanding that she felt inferior.
Perhaps it was better to part ways and forget each other in the martial world.
Perhaps this was the best outcome they could hope for.
Yet, why was she reluctant to see him go? Could she genuinely erase the memory of that
exceptional man?
Later that day, inside a room back at Zephyr Lodge, a cute little girl was gently shaking Natasha’s
arm. She was crying. 1
“Pretty lady, please wake up. Please open your eyes and look at me. You promised me you would
tell me stories. Why are you still sleeping?
“If you don’t wake up soon, I’m going to get mad.”
A pregnant Cecilia was also beside them. Red tinged her eyes as they appeared overwhelmed by
grief.
Ever since her husband, Nelson, passed away, Natasha had taken care of their daily needs.
From hospital check–ups to making sure Haley went to kindergarten, she had done everything
meticulously. She treated them like they were family.
Cecilia was not only grateful to Natasha, she also saw her as her own sister. That was why she
was heartbroken to see Natasha unconscious and in critical condition.
“Dr. Watkins, is there really no other way? Is my sister going to stay unconscious forever?”
A tearful Ruth sat by Natasha’s bedside, holding her hand tightly.
Since her sister had been in critical condition, she had never left her side. It had been two days
since she had proper/rest.
“To be honest, it’s a miracle that she’s still holding on right now.’
###Chapter 1023 by Marina Vittori
Linden sighed, “Right now, only the Shadowbloom and Phoenixwort can save her.“If Mr. Rhys can bring back those herbs in time, there is a greater chance for survival. But if he takes too long, I’m afraid that glimmer of hope would die out.”
“Oh, Dustin! Where have you gone? Why aren’t you back yet?” Ruth was crying as she muttered to herself. She hadn’t told her parents about Natasha yet. She was afraid they wouldn’t be able to handle the shock.
Suddenly, the door burst open with a loud bang. Following that, a bloodied Dustin staggered in with quick steps. He appeared quite disheveled.
“Dr. Watkins! I found it! I found the herb!”
Dustin lifted his shirt and carefully took out a black flower that was emitting a strange glow.
“You found it?”
Linden took a closer look and grew elated. “It really is the Shadowbloom! Excellent … This is
wonderful!”
“Dr. Watkins, Natasha can now be saved with this Shadowbloom, right?”
Dustin looked hopeful. He had traded this precious herb with his life.
“Yes, but I would need your blood, too.”
Linden explained, “During your previous treatment, your blood had already produced the antidote
to Resurgothorn. It can help bring Ms. Harmon back to consciousness.”
“No problem! How much blood do you need? Take as much as you need!”
Without hesitation, Dustin rolled up his sleeves. He was ready to make a cut on his arm.
“Wait!” Linden stopped him immediately.
Solemnly, he told Dustin, “Mr. Rhys, you have severe injuries right now. You are also losing blood
and energy. If you donate blood now, your body won’t be able to handle it!
“I can endure it. It’s fine. Just save her!” Dustin urged.
Linden frowned. “Mr. Rhys, are you sure?”
With his keen perceptiveness, he could tell that Dustin was on the verge of collapsing.
It was already difficult for him to stand and talk. Taking a few bowls of blood from him would only
make matters worse.
“Mr. Adler, bring me a bowl!” Dustin didn’t waste any more time as he instructed Cornelius.
Soon, Cornelius arrived with a large bowl.
Without another word, Dustin made a cut on his arm. Fresh blood flowed out, filling the bowl.
As Linden watched him, his mouth twitched. This kid was usually calm. Why was he acting recklessly during critical situations?
“Alright then, let’s get started.” Linden decided to save the words of caution.
Once the bowl was filled to the brim, he picked up the Shadowbloom and immersed it in the bowl
of blood.
Soon, a strange scene unfolded.
Upon contact, the Shadowbloom dissolved. It looked just like chocolate melting as it merged with
the blood.
As the flower dissolved, the once bright red blood turned black. Inside, tiny stars sparkled,
radiating a faint, mysterious fragrance,
Once the flower was completely dissolved, Linden tossed two tablets into the bowl. After stirring
it slightly, he fed the entire bowl to Natasha
“Mr. Rhys, I’ve administered the medicine. It now depends entirely on her to wake up.” Linden.
sighed softly.
After all, they were fighting to bring her back to life. Even with the Shadowbloom, he couldn’t
make an absolute guarantee that she could be saved.
It would all depend on the patient’s condition and willpower.
“Natasha, stop sleeping. Please, wake up.” Dustin cradled her hand and pressed it on his cheek.
He told her gently, “After you wake up, I’ll go shopping with you, I’ll eat dinner with you, I’ll watch movies with you. Wherever you want to go, I’ll go with you.
“Wake up… You must wake up. I can’t be without you…”
Time passed by slowly.
Dustin kept vigil by her bedside from dusk to night, then from night to dawn, never getting any rest. He just sat there, day by day.
Three days later, Dustin finally couldn’t hold on any longer and collapsed next to her.
###Chapter 1024 by Marina Vittori
After some time, Dustin woke up groggily, only to find himself lying on the bed. The sunlight that shone through the windows was slightly glaring to his eyes.
“Dustin! You’re finally awake!” Ruth, who had been keeping vigil by his bedside, immediately breathed a sigh of relief.
“How long have I been unconscious?” Dustin asked. He just woke up and was still feeling slightly disoriented.
“You were out for three days. Luckily, Dr. Watkins said you were fine. Or, we would have prepared
for your funeral,” Ruth said.
“Three days? That long?” After a momentary daze, he finally remembered something.
“Oh, how about your sister? How is she? Is she awake yet?”
“My sister?” Ruth was dejected after she heard him.
Lowering her head, she was choked with sobs. “Natasha… she’s gone…
“What? She’s dead?” Those words hit Dustin like lightning, leaving him stunned.
His already pale face turned whiter. It was as if his soul had left his body.
“How can that be? I–Impossible!
“I found the Shadowbloom! Why did she still die? Why?” Dustin shook his head frantically, his expression filled with disbelief.
He couldn’t believe it. He couldn’t accept that outcome.
Didn’t they say she could be saved? Why did it fail? Why?
“This won’t do! I’m going to find her! I refuse to believe she just left like that!”
Dustin stood up abruptly and stumbled his way out.
“Who left?”
Right then, a woman entered through the doors.
She was beautiful, tall, and exuded irresistible charm. It was as though she had stepped out of a
painting.
Surprisingly, it was none other than Natasha.
“Natasha?” Looking at the beautiful woman before him, Dustin was dumbfounded.
“Y–You’re not dead?”
“Dead?” Natasha had a strange expression.
“I’m just fine. Why would I be dead?”
“But, earlier—” Dustin looked to his left, only to find Ruth suddenly burst into laughter. She was
just sobbing moments ago. 1
She couldn’t contain it any longer and let out a hearty laugh. “Hahaha… I got you, Dustin. My sister is extremely blessed. How could she have died? Did I shock you?”
“You little-” Dustin’s temper almost flared as he raised a hand.
Ruth was scared and hid behind Natasha. “I was just joking with you, Dustin. Why are you acting
like this?”
“You brat! Is this something you should be joking about? Do you know how much you scared me?” Dustin was fuming.
When he heard Natasha was gone, his heart almost stopped. It was as if the energy had been
sucked out of him.
“Ruth! How old are you? You should know better!” Natasha raised her hand and knocked Ruth on
the head.
She scolded her, “Go and make your brother–in–law some food. He just woke up and is still weak He needs the energy.”
“Fine.” Ruth stuck out her tongue. She escaped the room after Dustin glared at her.
“Dear, how is your injury? Do you need-”
Natasha turned around. She was about to ask him some questions when Dustin suddenly wrapped her in a tight hug. He held her for a long time without letting go.
A thousand words swirled in his mind, but he didn’t know how to express them.
###Chapter 1025 by Marina Vittori
He could only hold on to her tightly, feeling her warmth and savoring her scent. It was only at that moment that his anxious heart finally calmed down.
“I’m happy you’re alive,” Dustin whispered softly after a long pause. “Alright, stop hugging me. I’m starting to run out of breath,” Natasha smiled knowingly. She patted Dustin gently on the back.
Although she enjoyed the moment, he was hugging her a bit too tightly.
“Ahem … I’m sorry, I was out of line.” Dustin snapped back to reality and released her immediately.
He had let his emotions take over earlier. He didn’t even realize what he had done
“I’m happy you did that. At least it shows that you care about me,” Natasha smiled sweetly. She
was happy.
They had gone through life and death together. It was an experience that placed her way beyond
what he had with Dahlia.
So what if they’d been married before? They’d even risked their lives for each other!
P
“Dear, rest up. I’ll go check if your medicine is ready.”
Natasha tiptoed to give Dustin a kiss on the cheek before turning to leave.
A gentle smile formed on Dustin’s lips as he watched her leave. He felt the same sense of
happiness.
Finally, they had overcome this crisis!
“Mr. Adler.” Once he regained his composure, Dustin summoned Cornelius. The man had been
stationed at the door.
He asked, “Did anything happen during these past few days?
Natasha and Dustin had been unconscious for three days each, so a week had passed.
“Sir Rhys, Millsburg has been relatively peaceful lately. Nothing much has happened,” Cornelius
replied.
Then, he changed the topic abruptly, “Oh, but we should keep a watchful eye on the Harmon
family.
“Ever since Trent took over, he and his daughter have kicked out some outstanding members and
elders from the family. The current situation within the Harmons is rather delicate.
“Trent seems to be getting rid of dissenters. He kicked out anyone who didn’t obey his commands. Such foolish actions will only lead to his destruction.” Dustin shook his head.
The Harmons may be powerful, but it wouldn’t last, with Trent acting the way he was.
“Sir Rhys, I believe the Harmon family is like a ticking time bomb.”
Cornelius continued, “You instructed me to have people protect Mr. Hector before.
“In just a few days, he has faced three kidnapping attempts and two assassination plots. Luckily, we managed to thwart them all.”
“What?” Dustin frowned.
“Were they all carried out by the Harmons?
“The assassins were contracted. But there’s no doubt Trent and his daughter are involved in it,”
Cornelius said. He sounded certain.
“It seems like their true colors are finally about to be exposed.”
Dustin stroked his chin. He was deep in thought when he said, “Let’s do this. Continue to keep an
eye on them.
“If you notice any movements from Trent’s side, let me know right away. I’m going to find an
opportunity to deal with all of them once and for all.”
“Yes, sir.” Cornelius nodded.
“Oh, by the way, has there been any activity on Ronald’s and the martial arts alliance’s side
recently?” Dustin suddenly asked.
“Since Ronald returned from the Black Forest, he immediately went into seclusion. He refused to
meet anyone.
“The deputy leader is now managing the martial arts alliance entirely,” Cornelius replied.
“He’s in seclusion?” Dustin snorted coldly.
“He intends to use the Celestial Pearl to break through to the ultimate grandmaster realm.
Unfortunately for him, I won’t allow it.”
“Sir Rhys, what do you plan on doing?” Cornelius asked cautiously.
“I’m going to tend to my injuries first. After I’ve recovered, I’m going to challenge him!” Dustin
declared, making a shocking announcement.
“What? You’re going to challenge the leader of the martial arts alliance?”
Cornelius‘ eyes nearly popped out of their sockets. “Sir Rhys! Are you joking? Ronald is the most
“Won’t you end up dead by challenging someone so powerful?”
“We still don’t know who will be dying.” Dustin narrowed his eyes. He exuded a murderous gaze.
“We’ll have to battle it out sooner or later. There was no winner during our battle back in the Black Forest. We’ll have to settle the score at the alliance headquarters.
“If he wants to reach the level of an ultimate grandmaster, he’ll have to go through me first!”
Unless Ronald died, Dustin would never be able to make it up to Mr. Robinson.
Someone hypocritical like Ronald couldn’t continue to be the martial arts alliance leader. If so, then the martial world is truly finished.
###Chapter 1026 by Marina Vittori
“My dear, it’s time to take your medicine.” While Dustin was chatting with Cornelius, a melodious female voice rang out. They saw Natasha walk in gracefully with a steaming bowl in her hands.
She had an enchanting smile and a rosy complexion. She carefully brought the medicinal soup to Dustin’s lips. “Come on, my dear, drink up.‘
Dustin’s eyes twitched. Why did this scene seem so familiar?
“My dear, what’s the matter? Drink up,” Natasha said with a charming smile. Her eyes carried a hint of playfulness.
“Umm, can I not drink it?” Dustin was reluctant.
“Of course not. I personally prepared it for you.“.
Natasha raised an eyebrow. “What’s the matter? You don’t think I poisoned it, do you?”
Dustin sighed. “Well, it will be worth it if I die by your hand.”
He then lifted the bowl and drank it all in one gulp.
Seeing his face all puckered up, Natasha burst out in laughter.
“Alright, alright, no more teasing. Let’s go have dinner. I have all your favorite dishes prepared
today.”
Natasha took out a tissue and wiped Dustin’s mouth. She then linked arms with him before
walking out of the room.
They had just taken a few steps when Natasha’s phone rang. She answered it, and her face–grew
cold in an instant.
“Alright, I’ll be there shortly!” After responding, she quickly hung up.
“What’s wrong?” Dustin was curious.
“Haley is having some trouble at the kindergarten. I need to be there,” Natasha explained.
“Okay, I’ll
go with you,”
Without hesitation, Dustin immediately signaled Cornelius to get the car ready.
Ever since Nelson passed away, he treated Haley as his goddaughter. Since his goddaughter was
in trouble, he couldn’t just sit around and do nothing.
Meanwhile, at Golden Apple Kindergarten.
“You bitch! How did you raise your daughter? Just look at what this little bastard has done! She scratched my son’s face!
“I’ve raised my son tenderly, and he has never been injured. How dare this little bastard hurt my son? She’s asking for trouble!”
A well–dressed and pudgy rich woman was screaming and pointing her finger at Cecilia.
Beside her stood a chubby boy, looking quite arrogant. The boy had a strong physique and was much taller than other kids his age. There was a faint scratch on the left side of his face.
“Mrs. Lansky, it’s common for children to have small arguments and fights. Besides, it was your son who started it.”
Cecilia was heartbroken to see Haley’s face swollen. However, due to Mrs. Lansky’s identity, she didn’t dare lash out.
“Hmph! So what if my son struck first? If it wasn’t for this little bastard provoking my son, he wouldn’t have hit her.
“In the end, it’s still this little bastard’s fault!” Mrs. Lansky snarled with her hands on her hips.
“Haley, what exactly happened? Did you cause trouble?” Cecilia asked.
“No, I didn’t.”
Haley shook her head repeatedly, looking very aggrieved.
“Mac insulted me first. He said I didn’t have a dad and called me a little bastard. Then, he told the other classmates to attack me. Mommy, I didn’t do anything wrong. It’s not my fault.”
As she spoke, tears began to roll down her cheeks once more.
“Don’t cry, Haley. Mommy believes you.” Cecilia wiped her daughter’s tears and then turned to
Mrs. Lansky.
“Mrs. Lansky, did you hear that? It’s you who didn’t raise your son well. He not only insulted my daughter, he even hit her.
“Besides, my daughter’s injuries on her face are much more severe than your son’s.”
###Chapter 1027 by Marina Vittori
“What bullshit!” “Mrs. Lansky glared at her. “How can you compare that little bastard to my precious son? A strand of hair on his body is worth more than her life!
“I’m warning you, grovel on your feet and apologize now! Or you won’t like what’s going to happen to you!”
“Mrs. Lansky! Can you be reasonable? It’s clearly your son’s fault. Why should we be the ones to apologize?” Cecilia said with a frown.
Without hesitation, Mrs. Lansky delivered a harsh slap across Cecilia’s face.
She yelled, “I told you to apologize, so just apologize! What’s all this nonsense? If you challenge me again, I’ll tear your mouth apart!”
“You-” Cecilia clenched her teeth, seething in anger.
She didn’t expect Mrs. Lansky to be so unreasonable. Not only did they refuse to apologize for their mistake, they even resorted to violence.
They were being too much!
“Don’t hit my mum!” Haley stood in front of her mother with outstretched hands.
She looked angry. “You’re a bad person! An old witch! I’m going to get Mister Strong to attack you!”
“You little bastard! You deserve to be punished!”
Mrs. Lansky flew into a rage and slapped Haley hard across the face. The force knocked her onto
the ground. Soon, she started bleeding from her nose.
“Haley!”
Cecilia was shocked and swiftly lifted her daughter into her arms. She was heartbroken to see
Haley’s tiny face all red and swollen.
“You little fatherless bastard! Serves you right!” Mac stood with his hands on his hips. He looked
pleased.
“You two, listen up! Get down on your knees and apologize right now, then pay one million dollars
for my son’s medical expenses. Otherwise, there will be hell to pay!”
“Y–You’re absolutely unreasonable!”
Cecilia seethed in anger. “I’m calling the cops! I’ll have the officers come and handle this!”
As she spoke, she took out her phone and prepared to make the call.
“You’re going to call the cops?” Mrs. Lansky grabbed the phone from her and threw it to the
ground forcefully.
She cursed, “You bitch! What do you think calling the cops will do? Let me tell you, my husband is
a high–ranking inspector at the station! My brother is even more powerful!
“Even if I dug a hole and buried the both of you, no one would dare say a word!”
“I–I don’t believe there’s no justice left in this world!” Cecilia retorted angrily.
“Justice? My word is law!” Mrs. Lansky declared before delivering another hard slap across
Cecilia’s face.
Cecilia lost her balance, causing her to tumble to the ground. Since she was still pregnant, she couldn’t get up right away.
The crowd watched, but no one dared to step in and help.
“Mommy!”
Haley was anxious and in tears. She pulled on her mother’s arm with all her strength, but she
wasn’t able to move her.
In her attempt, she ended up tumbling backward onto her buttocks because of the force.
A female teacher couldn’t take it any longer and was about to help them up when Mrs. Lansky
glared at her. She immediately shrunk back from fear.
“Son, didn’t that little bastard hit you earlier? Go on and hit her back. Make sure you make her
suffer. Mom’s got your back!” Mrs. Lansky patted her son’s shoulder.
Mac gained confidence from that. “You little bastard! I’ll beat you to death!
He forcefully pressed Haley to the ground and started punching her repeatedly. He showed no
signs of holding back.
“That’s right! Hit her! Hit her hard!” Mrs. Lansky clapped and laughed loudly, looking proud.
“Stop!”
Suddenly, an angry voice boomed from the door. And in no time, a figure had rushed in and
delivered a powerful slap across the chubby boy’s face.
A crisp sound echoed as Mac’s face contorted from the force. He was sent flying and crashed to
the ground with a resounding thud.
###Chapter 1028 by Marina Vittori
The unexpected scene‘ shocked everyone present. Nobody could have predicted that someone would actually hit Mrs. Lansky’s son.
Everyone knew that Mrs. Lansky was infamous for being a tyrant in this area. Nobody dared to offend her. “Oh my God! My son!” After a momentary shock, Mrs. Lansky screamed.
She rushed forward clumsily and wrapped the disoriented, chubby kid in her arms. The little kid now had a crooked nose and busted lips. His mouth was also covered in blood, with two front teeth missing. Half of his face was extremely red and swollen.
“Son! Don’t scare me like this! Wake up!” Mrs. Lansky was panicking and pinched his nose repeatedly to wake him up.
It was only after he woke up that she calmed down slightly. However, very soon, her expression turned hideous.
She screamed, “Who was it that hit my son? Who was it? Reveal yourself!”
She turned around, looking like she was about to commit murder.
“It was me!” Dustin stepped forward with a dark expression. His gaze turned murderous,
especially when he noticed the injury on Cecilia and Haley’s face.
“You son of a bitch! How dare you hit my son! Do you know who I am?” Mrs. Lansky roared.
All along, she had been the one doing the bullying. No one had ever dared create a scene with her..
Without a word, Dustin slapped her across the face. He then asked, “Who are you?”
“I” Mrs. Lansky cradled her face. She was about to reply when Dustin delivered another slap
That slap made her stagger, and she almost lost her balance.
“Who are you?” Dustin asked again.
“I am-”
Mrs. Lansky had opened her mouth. But before she could say her name, she felt another stinging slap land on her cheek.
“What did you say? Who are you again?” Dustin questioned coldly. (1)
“You-” Mrs. Lansky was furious and was about to launch into a tirade when Dustin silenced her with a third slap.
“Who exactly are you?”
“Say something.”
“Why aren’t you talking?”
“Weren’t you all haughty earlier? Why aren’t you saying anything?”
Dustin slapped her after every question. The blows left Mrs. Lansky disoriented and with a
swollen face.
She leaned against the wall, swaying slightly. She couldn’t say a single word.
After receiving more than a dozen slaps, her face was disfigured. Blood trickled from her mouth
and nose, and she seemed to have lost some teeth.
She looked utterly miserable.
The teachers and parents alike were in shock.
“Oh my goodness! Who is this guy? He actually dared lay a hand on Mrs. Lansky. Is he trying to get himself killed?”
“It seems like he isn’t aware of Mrs Lansky’s influence. He’ll find out soon enough.” “He’s so ignorant. He’ll probably be meeting his end soon for offending Mrs. Lansky.”
###Chapter 1029 by Marina Vittori
The crowd pointed and whispered, astonished at Dustin’s outrageous behavior. A simple apology would have resolved this matter. But now, it had escalated into a major issue.
With Mrs. Lansky beaten up so badly, Dustin would probably end up with broken limbs. Worse still, he could be buried alive!
Dustin delivered another slap that knocked Mrs. Lansky to the ground. He demanded, “Tell me, who exactly are you?”
Mrs. Lansky’s face was beaten up so badly that she felt dizzy and disoriented. She couldn’t even tell left from right.
“Stop it!” Right then, the kindergarten’s headmistress pushed through the crowd in a frantic rush.
Seeing Mrs. Lansky’s swollen face, she was shocked and quickly helped her onto a chair.
“Oh my, Mrs. Lansky! What happened to you? Who did this to you?”
Mrs. Lansky’s arm shook as she pointed at Dustin.
“How dare you!”
The headmistress turned around and roared, “Who are you? How dare you lay your hands on Mrs.
Lansky? Do you have any idea of the trouble you’ve caused?”
“And who are you? How dare you meddle in my affairs?” Dustin responded coldly.
“Me?”
The headmistress puffed up her chest. She said proudly, “I’m Mrs. Prewitt, the headmistress here. I oversee all matters in this kindergarten!”
“Mrs. Prewitt, was it? You came right on time.”
Dustin nodded and pointed at Mrs. Lansky. “This bitch is being unreasonable and is abusing her power. Kick her out of here immediately!”
“Nonsense!”
Mrs. Prewitt glared at him and yelled, “You were the one who assaulted her. How dare you accuse Mrs. Lansky? This is absurd!”
“I hit her because she deserved to be hit. Open up your eyes. She inflicted those injuries you see on Cecilia’s face and on my goddaughter’s body.
“I only gave her a taste of her own medicine,” Dustin said impassively.
“That’s right, Mrs. Prewitt. Mrs. Lansky and her son were the ones who were bullying us. They were deliberately causing trouble,” Cecilia tried to explain.
“Shut up!” Mrs. Prewitt roared at her before turning her attention back to Dustin.
In an overbearing tone, she said, “I didn’t witness anything earlier except you hitting them.
“I’m now ordering you to apologize to Mrs. Lansky and compensate them for the injuries.
Otherwise, I’m going to call the cops!”
“Are you blind or something?”
Dustin’s expression was stern. “When this bitch–was–assaulting them, you stood idly by as if nothing was happening.
“Now that she’s at a disadvantage, you immediately intervened and created a scene. Are you a servant,they raised?”
“Y–You… You impudent bastard!” Mrs. Prewitt was furious after being called out.
“I’m warning you! If you don’t apologize, I’m going to expel Haley from our kindergarten! She’ll
never be able to set foot in here again!”
“Expel her? Hah! Mrs. Prewitt, you’re amazing!”
Dustin sneered. “Did you think Golden Apple Kindergarten is the only kindergarten in Millsburg?/
Did you think she won’t be able to attend any other kindergarten after she’s expelled?”
“That’s right! I’ve been in this industry for 20 years. I have connections everywhere!
“Just one word from me, and not one kindergarten would dare take in this little bastard!” Mrs.
Prewitt roared.
“What did you say?” Dustin’s expression turned dark.
He was seething after hearing the words “little bastard“.
“What? Are you scared now?” Mrs. Prewitt smirked.
“Listen up! As long as I don’t allow it, nobody will take in this little bas-”
Before she could finish her sentence, Dustin had landed a painful slap across her face. That slap
caused her to almost fly across the room.
The crowd was dumbfounded once again.
This young man had nerves of steel. Wasn’t he afraid of being blacklisted by the headmistress?
“You … You dared lay a hand on me?”
Mrs. Prewitt got up from the ground, looking embarrassed. She cradled her stinging cheek, looking shocked and angry.
Parents usually buttered up to her whenever they saw her. Even if they considered presenting her with a gift, it all depended on her mood that day.
This young man not only disrespected her, he even struck her! It was outrageous!
“And what if I did?”
Dustin scolded her coldly, “You abuse your power! You play up the influential and have lost all
sense of morality! Allowing an incompetent trash like you to educate the young would only lead them astray!”
###Chapter 1030 by Marina Vittori
Dustin’s words were impactful! It left Mrs. Prewitt trembling as she alternated between anger and embarrassment. Some parents, whom Mrs. Prewitt had repressed in the past secretly applauded. They found immense satisfaction in this turn of events.
They were happy she finally had a taste of her own medicine since she always looked down on them. “You impudent bastard! Just who the hell are you? How dare you lecture me!”
Mrs. Prewitt fumed, and her temper flared. “Just you wait and see!
“I will expel Haley from this kindergarten and blacklist her! I will make sure she will never get an
education in her lifetime! I’m going to blacklist all of you!”
“Blacklist?” Dustin scoffed. He kicked Mrs. Prewitt down to the ground.
“Why don’t you try? I’d like to see just how capable you are!”
Mrs. Prewitt landed on her bottom.
Scrambling to her feet, she yelled with a strained voice, “Security! Security! Where the hell are
you? Come quickly!”
After hearing her screams, two security guards rushed through the doors. But before they could
act, Dustin turned to glare at them.
They froze on the spot. For a moment, they felt a shiver run down their spines, and they broke out
in cold sweat.
It was as if they were prey locked on by a predator. They didn’t dare make a move.
“Hey! What are you two doing just standing there? Beat him up!”
Mrs. Prewitt flew into a rage when she saw the guards‘ lack of reaction. She ended up slapping both of them.
She yelled, “You bunch of trash! What am I paying you for? You two are useless!”
The two security guards held their cheeks as they fumed. But they could only stay silent.
“Prewitt! How are you the headmistress when a poor nobody dares to make a scene here?” Mrs. Lansky finally stood up, wobbling.
She fumed, “I’m warning you! If you don’t deal with this appropriately today, I won’t let you go!”
“Huh?” Mrs. Prewitt froze. She rushed up to Mrs. Lansky and smiled apologetically.
“Mrs. Lansky, this has nothing to do with me. It’s the brat who’s aggressive and arrogant. But don’t
worry, I’ve called the cops. They’ll be here soon. I promise to make them regret what they did!”
“Hmph! That bitch and her little bastard too! You can’t let any of them off!” Mrs. Lansky was filled
with hatred.
“No problem! Of course!” Mrs. Prewitt nodded as she buttered up to Mrs. Lansky.
“Still got a foul mouth, I see.” Dustin’s gaze turned cold.
He delivered another slap across Mrs. Lansky’s face, knocking her to the ground again. At the
same time, he added a few kicks.
As he kicked her, he roared, “Go on, try talking with that foul mouth of yours! I need to teach you a lesson before you think you can provoke me again and again!
“You.. you impudent bastard!”
Mrs. Prewitt was shocked and angry, but she didn’t dare intervene. She knew how painful Dustin’s
slap was. It was evident from Mrs. Lansky’s severely disfigured face.
“Stop right there! Everyone, stop right there!”
Right then, a few men in uniform burst into the room. The one leading the team was a middle-
aged man in his 40s.
The man had a strong build and a commanding presence, accentuated by his fierce features.
As soon as he appeared, the crowd scattered. Nobody dared stand in their way.
“It’s Inspector Lansky! Inspector Lansky is here!”
“This is bad! With how bad this young man beat Mrs. Lansky up, he must be in serious trouble now
that Inspector Lansky has arrived.”
“With Inspector Lansky’s authority, even if he doesn’t die today, he’ll be spending a long time in
prison!”
The appearance of the man in the uniform immediately stirred up a commotion in the room.
Whispers spread through the crowd.
Some of them looked at Dustin in sympathy, while others pitied him. There were also those who
looked on with malicious satisfaction.
“Inspector Lansky, you’re finally here!” When Mrs. Prewitt saw him, it was as if she saw their
savior.
She immediately went up to him and complained, “If you came any later, Mrs. Lansky would have
been beaten to death.“!
“What? What happened?” Vernon Lansky frowned.
“D–Dear … Dear!” Just then, they heard a wail.
Mrs. Lansky, with a bloodied face, crawled toward Vernon.
“May I know who you are?” Vernon was taken aback. He still didn’t know what was going on. “Inspector Lansky! She’s your wife, Mrs. Lansky!”
###Chapter 1031 by Marina Vittori
Mrs. Prewitt reminded him.
“Jo?” After Vernon took a closer look, his eyes widened instantly. “W–What happened to you?”
“It was him… That bastard did this to me!” With a trembling hand, Mrs. Lansky pointed at Dustin. Vernon’s gaze followed the direction his wife was pointing at.
“It was you?” His expression turned dark.
“You hit my wife?” he roared.
“Yes, it was me.” Dustin nodded and admitted to it plainly.
“This bitch was being unreasonable. I was only teaching her a lesson.”
“You’ve got nerves! How dare you teach my wife a lesson?” Vernon had a dark and hostile look to
him.
“Why don’t you tell me how you plan on dealing with this matter?”
Everyone had to show him respect in this area. If Dustin dared hit his wife, he had to either have a
powerful background or be a naive hothead.
Before being sure of his identity, Vernon had left some room for negotiation.
“If this bitch apologizes to us, I’ll let today’s incident slide,” Dustin said impassively.
“What? Apologize?”
His words left everyone in shock.
Was this kid crazy? He wanted the victim to apologize?
He even said it in front of Vernon. He had no respect for the inspector at all!
“You bastard! Do you know what you just said?”
Before Vernon had the chance to speak, Mrs. Prewitt couldn’t hold back any longer.
She screamed, “This is Inspector Lansky from the Investigation Bureau! He’s above everyone else!
How dare you make a scene in front of him? You must be tired of living!”
Inspector Lansky held the second–highest position in the Investigation Bureau. It wasn’t an
“What an impudent bastard! Hurry up and catch him, then subject him to severe punishment!”
Mrs. Lansky said through gritted teeth.
Her eyes gleamed with malice. It was as if she wished to skin Dustin alive.
“Young man, you sure are arrogant for someone who just assaulted my wife. Who exactly do you have backing you up?”
Vernon narrowed his eyes as they glinted with anger. It was evident that he was close to losing his temper.
“You wanted to resolve this matter. Are you now unhappy with the outcome?” Dustin countered.
“Hmph! Since you’re so ungrateful, don’t blame me for upholding the law!”
Vernon waved as he yelled, “Take him into custody!”
“Yes, sir!”
A few officers behind him took out their handcuffs, ready to make arrests.
“Hold on!” Just then, Natasha, who had been silently observing the situation stepped forward.
Her beautiful appearance and charismatic temperament immediately stole everyone’s attention
“Ms. Harmon… ?” Vernon’s pupils dilated. He felt uneasy.
What was the young lady of the Harmons doing here?
“Inspector Lansky, I saw what had happened earlier. It was your wife who assaulted someone first. You should be apprehending her instead!” Natasha said coldly.
“Pfft! Where did this bitch come from? How dare you tell Inspector Lansky what to do?”
Feeling brave with Vernon there, Mrs. Prewitt glared at Natasha. She threatened, “I’m warning you. to just stand aside. Otherwise, they will take you in too!”
As soon as she spoke, Vernon slapped her across the face.
He yelled, “You damned woman! Is that how you speak to people? Hurry up and apologize to Ms. Harmon!
###Chapter 1032 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?” Mrs. Prewitt was in a daze, cradling her cheek and feeling utterly bewildered. Why did Vernon hit her when she was helping him? What on earth was happening?
“What are you still standing there for? Apologize!” Vernon landed another slap across her face. He didn’t dare provoke influential figures. However, he could easily control an insignificant headmistress.
“I–I’m sorry… “Mrs. Prewitt was aggrieved as she gritted out the words. Although she wasn’t sure what was going on, it was clear that this bitch was someone important. Otherwise, Inspector Lansky wouldn’t have reacted that way.
“Ms. Harmon, I apologize for not noticing you earlier.” After punishing Mrs. Prewitt, Vernon was full of smiles.
“May I know what brings you here, Ms. Harmon?”
“This is my man, and this is my goddaughter.”
Natasha didn’t hold back her words. “Your wife assaulted my goddaughter earlier.
“My man then assaulted your wife in retaliation to protect her. This is considered self–defense,
don’t you think?”
“Huh?” Vernon was taken aback and nodded immediately.
“That’s right! It was in self–defense! It was my mistake. I almost apprehended an innocent man. My wife was in the wrong. I’ll apologize in her stead. I’ll make sure she behaves from now on.
“Apologize?”
The crowd had strange expressions as they watched Vernon be overly polite. No one expected the
usually imposing and arrogant Inspector Lansky to have such a humble side to him.
Who exactly was this beautiful woman in front of them?
“I don’t want your apology. She has to apologize,” Dustin suddenly spoke.
“You’re right, mister. The offender should be the one to apologize.” Vernon forced a smile and helped his wife, whose face was bruised and battered, up.
“You assaulted someone earlier. Hurry up and apologize!”
“Apologize? Why should I?”
Mrs. Lansky pushed Vernon away and cursed at him, “You coward! Your son and wife are being
man?”
“Shut it!” Vernon glared at her.
“This is the young lady of the Harmon family. Watch your words!”
“So what if she’s from the Harmons? Do you think I’m afraid?”
Mrs. Lansky had a hideous expression as she said, “Never mind the decline of the Harmons. Even
if they were in their prime, I wouldn’t be afraid!
“Don’t forget, my brother is a high–ranking official in Oakvale. How can the Harmons even
compare?”
“Y–You… Can you stop talking?” Vernon was panicking. He repeatedly signaled her to stop.
On the surface, that little brother–in–law of his held an official position in Oakvale. But in reality,
he was nothing more than a freeloader.
He relied on a wealthy young lady to secure his current position. He was even often flaunting his
influence.
Once he lost his backing, he would end up in trouble.
Ultimately, true skills were needed to have lasting success. Relying on looks and connections
wouldn’t get him far.
“I’ll say whatever I want!” Mrs. Lansky put her hands on her hips, looking a mess.
“Since you’re a coward who won’t stand up for us, I’ll get my brother to teach these idiots a lesson!
”
“That’s enough! Don’t make things worse!” Vernon was getting a headache.
“I’m going to make it worse! I’m not afraid!” Mrs. Lansky ignored his pleas and took out her phone.
She started to make calls asking for help.
After she hung up, she issued a final threat, “Stay if you dare! The first to leave is a coward!”
“Alright, I’ll wait. I’m curious to see who you can summon here,” Natasha replied with an icy glare. In Oakvale, there weren’t many officials who were higher–ranking than her grandfather.
###Chapter 1033 by Marina Vittori
Over in a high–end restaurant, several well–dressed young people gathered together. They chatted as they sipped on some wine.
“Dahlia, I really envy you for being favored by Sir Mosey. Congratulations on becoming his goddaughter!”
A young lady dressed in red smiled brightly at Dahlia, appearing very enthusiastic. She was Elena Forrest, the eldest daughter of the Forrest family. The Forrest family was one of Oakvale’s eight great families.
“I heard that Sir Mosey has been in a war for many years and has no kids. You must be extremely talented and kind for him to take you as his goddaughter,” a vain–looking man said with a smile.
The man was Sean Hoovey, Elena’s boyfriend. He was a smooth talker who charmed his way through life.
“Dahlia, why don’t you tell us how you got to know him?” Elena could not contain her curiosity.
Sir Mosey generally avoided crowds and was a very reserved person. He was rarely ever seen around large groups of people.
Hence, it was shocking to hear that he had suddenly visited Millsburg. He had even found himself
a god–daughter.
Many influential people in Oakvale had gathered to find out what it was all about when they
heard about it.
“Well, it was pure coincidence.”
Dahlia took a sip of her wine. Then, she began, “Five days ago, I noticed someone had gotten into a
traffic accident right outside my house.
“He nearly lost his life in the accident, so I quickly sent him to the hospital. I didn’t know then
that the person was Sir Mosey.”
“What? That’s it?” Elena was pretty taken aback and bewildered by Dahlia’s explanation.
She had thought that there was some big secret behind it. It turned out that Sir Mosey had only taken Dahlia as his goddaughter to repay her kindness for saving his life.
“What more were you expecting?” Dahlia shrugged.
It had been nothing but a coincidence that she happened to save Sir Mosey. As for him taking her as his goddaughter, there were several reasons behind it.
Isn’t it weird that Sir Mosey would get into an accident? He’s such a wise and courageous man,” Elena muttered to herself. Something about it felt off to her.
“Ms Forrest, didn’t you say you had business to talk about? Why are we discussing my private
matters now?” Dahlia asked, trying to change the topic.
“Oh, I–I was just curious” Elena forced a smile and quickly signaled at Sean beside her.
He got the message and pulled out a document. Handing it to Dahlia courteously, he said, “Ms.
Dahlia, this is a proposal for our collaboration. Please have a look.”
Dahlia went through the document carefully. “Oh? Two billion?” She raised her eyebrows in
surprise.
“Ms. Forrest, aren’t you being too generous? From the looks of it, you’re basically giving me money
straight up!”
“It’s only two billion. It doesn’t amount to much. I’ll consider it a good deal as long as you’re happy
with it.
“After all, we’re friends now,” Elena said with a smile.
Coming from a prestigious family, two billion was nothing to her. But if spending it would give her
the opportunity to be acquainted with Sir Mosey, then it was money well spent.
“Alright, since you’re sincere with the offer, I hope our collaboration works out well.” Dahlia accepted Elena’s proposal and offered her hand.
“I’m sure things will work out just fine!” Elena beamed brightly and shook Dahlia’s outstretched
hand.
Just then, Sean’s phone began ringing.
His expression immediately darkened after answering the call.
“What? You were beaten up? At the kindergarten? Alright! I’ll be there right away!
“Wait there. I’ll make them pay!”
“What happened? Why are you so worked up?” Elena asked.
“Elena, some rascal beat my sister up. I need to go over and check things out,” Sean explained.
“Go on then Don’t waste too much time.” Elena gave him a dismissive wave. She wasn’t too bothered by it.
He could deal with some random rascal himself.
###Chapter 1034 by Marina Vittori
Half an hour later, as Elena was still chatting with Dahlia, she received a call. Upon answering it, she heard Sean’s sobbing.
“Elena I’ve been beaten up. Quick, get some men here to back me up. The bastard is wild!”“What? Even you were beaten up?” Elena frowned. “What happened? Didn’t I send two bodyguards with you?”
All her guards were carefully picked. No regular thugs would be able to mess with them.
“They weren’t much help at all! They were beaten up within seconds! Even I was implicated!” Sean sounded indignant.
“Didn’t you make use of the Forrest family name?” Elena asked.
“Of course I did! But that only got the rascal beating us up even worse!” Sean cried out amidst sobs.
“What? He carried on even after knowing you were related to the Forrest family?” 
Elena was infuriated. “How dare a mere thug behave so arrogantly? Stay there! I’ll be there in a bit!”
“Okay. Hurry! I’ll try my best to hold him back,” Sean said.
“Ms. Forrest, sounds like you’re in a bit of trouble. Do you need any help?” Dahlia asked.
“Don’t worry about it. It’s nothing to be concerned about. But if you’re interested in being in on the fun, you’re welcome to join, Ms. Dahlia.” Elena grinned.
“Sure. I haven’t got anything better to do either. I’ll go with you.” Dahlia nodded.
Elena had just given her two billion. She thought that it was only fair that she helped her out.
They left the restaurant and gathered a few of Elena’s bodyguards. Then, they went over to Golden Apple Kindergarten.
Over at the kindergarten, Sean and his sister, Mrs. Lansky, huddled together in a corner as they shuddered uncontrollably.
Sean had been all sorts of haughty when he had arrived, pointing at others and ordering them around. But after several slaps from Dustin, he actually started crying.
“You bastard! Don’t you dare leave! My backup will be here any moment now! They’ll show you!” Though Sean was sobbing, he still wasn’t backing down.
Ever since he’d started dating Elena, his life had been a breeze. Everyone he met started to show him respect and treated him politely.
But this thug, not only did he disregard the Forrests, he even slapped him! Multiple times! How
dare he!
“What? Have you not received enough slaps yet? Are you asking for more?” Dustin raised his hand.
That frightened Sean so much that he quickly hid behind his sister. “You can be arrogant all you
want now, you bastard! But I’ll make sure you end up crying in a bit!” he shouted cowardly.
“That’s right! We’ll see that you end up crying!” Mrs. Lansky echoed.
“Please calm down, all of you. Why don’t we just forget about all this and call it a day?” Vernon
suggested, trying to smooth things over.
It went without saying that he’d side with his wife, but he couldn’t afford to offend the Harmons
either. So, he could only try to appease both sides.
“Shut up! You useless piece of trash!”
Sean seemed to have finally found someone he could take out his frustration on. “My sister and I
have been beaten up, and you, an inspector, did nothing about it!
“You’re nothing but a coward! How I wish I didn’t have such a useless brother–in–law! You should
file for a divorce tomorrow!”
“Yes! A divorce! We’ll get divorced tomorrow!” Mrs. Lansky was furious. She considered herself
extremely unlucky to have gotten married to a coward.
“You… you guys are being unreasonable!” Vernon exclaimed exasperatedly.
He was used to them being rude on the regular, but things were different now!
The Harmons were extremely influential! Apart from the Tremendous Three and a handful of
other underworld powers, nobody dared to cross them.
“Make way! Make way, all of you!” As the crowd bickered, several burly bodyguards made their way in.
###Chapter 1035 by Marina Vittori
The bodyguards pushed their way violently through the crowd, forcefully clearing a path. When they were finally done clearing a wide and clear path, Elena showed up looking like a princess.
She was gorgeous, and the clothes she wore were expensive. Matched with her elegant bearing, it was clear that she was no ordinary person.
“Elena! You’re finally here!” Sean’s eyes instantly lit up when he saw her. He quickly went up to her and began groaning,” Look! Look at my face!
“See what they’ve done to me! You must make them pay for this!“.
Elena reached out and held Sean’s chin, turning his face this way and that. Her expression swiftly darkened.
“Who was it? Who did this to you?”
She had three criteria for her men. First, they must be handsome. Second, they had to be good in bed. And finally, they must be able to please her.
Now that Sean’s handsome face had been destroyed, it was almost like her personal property had. been destroyed. She wouldn’t take it sitting down.
“It was him!” Sean pointed at Dustin.
He continued fiercely, “He was the one who beat me up. He even threatened to beat you up, too!”
“Oh?” Elena’s gaze swept over to him.
She asked loudly. “How dare you beat up my man? How arrogant of you!”
“And who are you to be yapping away here?” Dustin looked Elena up and down impatiently.
They just seemed to keep appearing, one after another. Was there no end to them?
“You rude bastard! You better watch your mouth!”
Sean glared at him, finally gaining courage now that Elena was there.
“Do you know who this is? Let me tell you, this is Ms. Forrest. She is the most powerful and influential elite in Oakvale!”
An uproar broke out among the crowd.
“What? The Forrest family from Oakvale? They are one of the most prestigious families there is!”
“No way! Why would Ms. Forrest come here?”
“Oh no, he’s gotten himself into some serious trouble now. Nothing good will ever come of offending Ms. Forrest.”
The onlookers whispered among themselves. They marveled at Elena’s status.
At the same time, they also expressed their pity and worry at what was going to happen to Dustin.
An influential person in Oakvale could easily defeat anyone in Millsburg.
“Hey, bastard, scared now? Are your legs shaking already?” Sean taunted gleefully with his chest puffed out.
With someone from the Forrest family there to back him up, he had nothing to fear!
“Haha! Weren’t you really arrogant earlier? Why are you so quiet now? You coward!” Mrs. Lansky challenged proudly.
“You brought this on yourself! This is what you get for offending Mrs. Lansky! I’d like to see what would happen to you now!” Mrs. Prewitt sneered, gloating over Dustin’s misfortune.
Peasants should know their place. If they do not have a death wish, they should not provoke the
elites.
“You will pay for beating up my men,” Elena said arrogantly.
“Break both your hands. Then get on your knees and apologize to my boyfriend. This is an order!
“Perhaps then, I’ll consider sparing your worthless life.”
“What an idiot!” Dustin retorted.
He continued, “Who do you think you are to behave so boldly in front of me? You better get lost, or
you’ll be sorry!”
“You… What did you say?”
Elena was startled. She could not believe her ears. How dare anyone speak to her like that?
“Did you not hear me the first time? Fine. I’ll repeat myself.”
Dustin took two steps forward and spoke even louder, pausing after every word. “Get. Lost. Or I’ll. Beat. You. Up too!”
###Chapter 1036 by Marina Vittori
“How dare you!”
“You arrogant bastard!” Sean and the rest of them were riled up by Dustin’s words. He really had a death wish for being so rude to Ms. Forrest!
“You… You asked me to get lost?” Elena had to take a moment to let Dustin’s words sink in. After a while, she shouted in frustration, “You low–life peasant! You impudent asshole!
“I’ll teach you a good lesson today! Guards! Take him down!”
“Yes, Ms. Forrest!”
The guards did not hesitate. They pulled out their moves to take Dustin down.
As they collided, a few punching sounds were heard. Then, the men went flying. The guards who had rushed up to attack Dustin fell heavily to the ground, passing out on the spot.
Everyone was shocked by what they saw.
Everything had happened so fast that they could not even grasp what had happened.
Elena had ordered her guards, and they went up to Dustin. But then, they ended up out cold on the
ground.
It took less than three seconds for all that to play out.
They hadn’t even wrapped their heads around the fact, and everything was already over. It was
shocking.
“Well? Would anyone like to continue?”
Dustin stood there expressionlessly, like he had never moved since the very beginning.
“You! You bastard! Who the hell are you?” Sean instinctively cowered.
Damn it! He thought that Elena’s guards would be better than those he had brought along.
But still, they ended up flat on the ground within several moves. What a bunch of trash!
“No way! All these bodyguards from the Forrest family, and none of them can take down this guy?”
Mrs. Lansky and Mrs. Prewitt exchanged looks of disbelief. Astonishment was written all over
their faces.
At that moment, even Elena lost her cool.
Her bodyguards were all well–trained elites. Every single one of them could take on ten men at
once.
How was it possible that all of them put together couldn’t handle just one person?
“Forget it, Mr. Rhys. Let’s just go. There’s no need to make a big deal out of this.”
Seeing how bad things were looking, Cecilia persuaded Dustin to forget about it. She didn’t wish for him to offend others for her and Haley’s sake.
Though the Kirin Gang was quite powerful, the Forrest family was more influential. Things might get out of hand if they carry on fighting.
It was best to back off now before things got ugly.
“Go? In your dreams!”
Elena stood at the entrance, blocking their way out. “Do you think you can leave now that you’ve hurt my men?”
Beating up her men was a major bruise to her pride. She wasn’t going to let them off so easily!
“What? Are you asking for a good beating, too?” Dustin asked coldly.
“Hmph! I know that you’re a skilled fighter. But so what? The world doesn’t care about how well you fight. The world cares about your power and status!”
Elena held her head high and said proudly, “I’m giving you a second chance. Break both your
arms, get down on your knees, and apologize.
“That’s the only way you’ll get to walk out of here with your life. You’ll be in serious trouble if
you
don’t!”
The Forrest family did not lack skilled fighters. There were so many of them that Elena had lost
count.
This bastard could fight well. But she was sure he wouldn’t stand a chance against any of the
Forrest family fighters.
“You bastard! Don’t think you’re all that great just because you’ve defeated several bodyguards.
You can handle 10 of them, but can you handle 100 of them? 1000 of them?
“You better surrender if you know what’s good for you! You’ll regret angering the Forrest family!”
Sean shouted.
“You overestimate yourself! Do you think a peasant like you is fit to challenge such a powerful family from Oakvale?” Mrs. Lansky, Mrs. Prewitt, and several others sniggered.
No matter how strong Dustin was, he was nothing compared to such an influential family.
“My patience is running thin. If you don’t get lost, don’t be surprised when I get rough.” Dustin was annoyed:
“Get rough?” Elena scoffed.
She said, “Come on then, try me. I’d like to see if you’ve got the guts!”
She had barely finished her sentence when Dustin delivered a slap straight at Elena’s face.
A crisp sound echoed as Elena was slapped across the face. It had been so hard that she lost her footing and saw stars.
Luckily for her, Sean was supporting her, so she did not fall down.
“How very noisy.”
###Chapter 1037 by Marina Vittori
Dustin looked extremely pissed. He rarely treated women harshly. But since Elena was being a bitch, things were different. The crowd gasped when they saw Elena being slapped.
Was this guy crazy? It was one thing to beat up the Forrest family guards. But he went and slapped Ms. Forrest, too? She was the eldest daughter of an esteemed family!
How could he have slapped her? Did he not fear death? “How dare you slap me?” Elena roared as she cupped her stinging cheek. She stared at Dustin in disbelief.
Nobody had ever dared lay a finger on her since she was born, much less slap her! It was humiliating!
“Hey! Why do you lot keep repeating the same thing? Don’t you have anything else to say?” Dustin had had it with them.
“I–I’ll make you pay!” Elena shrieked before launching herself at Dustin.
“Elena! Calm down! Calm down!”
Sean was startled. He immediately went forward and pulled Elena back.
She was putting herself in danger by attacking Dustin!
“That’s enough!” A pretty woman walked in.
Not only did she have a pretty face, but her figure was perfect, too. And most importantly, the cool.
vibe she gave off was refreshing, like a breeze cutting through the summer heat.
“Dahlia?” Dustin’s eyes widened in shock when he saw her. He never expected to see her here.
“Ugh, fancy meeting her here.” Natasha scrunched her nose in displeasure.
She had been standing a little way to the back, looking at everything airily. But when Dahlia
appeared, she grew tense.
This was her greatest love rival. She had to take things seriously. Things would be terrible if
Dahlia tried to take Dustin back.
“Why are you here, Dahlia?” Natasha walked up to her, her gaze sharp and wary.
She looked like she was ready for a face–off.
They were two stunning beauties with vastly different vibes about them. They looked like a painting when they stood together.
Even the onlooking women’s breaths were taken away.
“Who are you? Do I know you?” Dahlia looked her up and down coldly.
“My, are you so busy that you’ve gotten forgetful now, Ms. Nicholson? You don’t remember me now that we haven’t met in a while?” Natasha raised a brow.
“Have we met before? Why don’t I have any recollection of you?” Dahlia frowned, looking confused.
“What excellent acting! Keep it going, then. I guess you’ve disregarded me.”
Natasha’s expression went cold as she exuded a commanding presence.
“Natasha…” Dustin tugged on Natasha’s shirt from behind.
“She’s suffering from amnesia. She’s forgotten about a lot of things,” he whispered.
“Amnesia?” Natasha stared at Dustin wide–eyed.
“Is that true?”
“It sure is.”
Dustin nodded earnestly. “Not only does she not remember you, she doesn’t remember me either, Most of her memories within the last three years have vanished.”
“What? She’s forgotten about you too? Hahaha! That’s amazing!”
Natasha could not hold back her joy as she laughed out loud. But then she saw Dustin’s serious expression and decided it wasn’t too nice of her to take joy in others‘ misfortune.
So she wiped the smile off her face and pretended to be sorry.
She sighed. “Why would she lose her memories all of a sudden? What a pity. Truly a pity indeed. Hehehe!” 2
In the end, she still failed to hold back her giggles.
###Chapter 1038 by Marina Vittori
“What are you two whispering about?” Dahlia was confused by the woman in front of her. Why was she sighing and then giggling? Was she out of her mind?
“Nothing, nothing. Perhaps I’ve mistaken you for someone else. I’m sorry.” Natasha pursed her lips after she apologized. Well, Dahlia had lost her memories after all. Natasha couldn’t be so petty as to make things difficult for someone who’d lost her memories, could she?
“You’re weird.” Dahlia frowned. Though she did not know Natasha, she had an unpleasant feeling about her.
She looked past Natasha and at Dustin. “Hang on … You look quite familiar. Have I seen you somewhere?”
“Hmm?” Natasha was immediately on guard when she heard that.
Didn’t Dustin say that she’d lost her memories? Could she have remembered him?
Was she deceiving them?
“You remember me?” Dustin was surprised.
“Oh, I remember now. You were the insurance agent.” Dahlia immediately recalled where she had
met him after giving it some thought.
This man had gone to the hospital to promote his insurance packages. But Florence had driven
him away back then.
“Yes, insurance agent. That’s right.” Dustin nodded.
It seemed like she didn’t remember the past anymore. But that was good. They could now live
their own lives.
“Hmph! And I thought he was someone powerful! Turns out he’s just an insurance agent!”
“How dare a social underclass like him slap Ms. Forrest! He just dug his own grave!”
“I have a net worth in the billions, yet I dare not act haughty here. How dare an insurance agent
behave so arrogantly? Unbelievable!”
An uproar broke out among the onlookers when they heard about Dustin’s status.
Sean, Mrs. Lansky, Mrs. Prewitt, and the rest looked at him in contempt. They looked at him as if
he was a fool.
They were wary before, thinking that Dustin may have an influential background. How else would he dare to slap Ms. Forrest?
But at the end of the day, he was just pretending to be all that.
“Ms. Dahlia, are you on close terms with this insurance agent?” Elena asked.
“I’ve only met him once. We’re not close.” Dahlia shook her head.
“That’s good to know.” Elena discreetly let out a sigh of relief.
She looked at Dustin with malice.
If Dahlia had said she was close with Dustin, she might have to hold back. But since they weren’t, she would get back at Dustin.
“I advise you to apologize to Ms. Forrest immediately. You might escape this mess if you do,”
Dahlia said.
“Apologize? She does not deserve an apology,” Dustin responded calmly.
“What?” Dahlia frowned.
“That was a friendly warning. Ms. Forrest has a solid background.
“She isn’t someone you can afford to offend. There’s no point ruining your life for the sake of ego.
It’s not worth it.”
The elite circles in Oakvale were considered unreachable to ordinary people. They would only
meet a terrible end if they happened to offend any of the scions of influential families.
“Thanks for your advice, but I don’t care about them.” Dustin shrugged indifferently.
“Have I not made myself clear? Your life is in danger now that you’ve offended Ms. Forrest!” Dahlia
said frostily.
Why was this man so tactless?
###Chapter 1039 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia was trying to mediate between them. All Dustin had to do was take the opportunity to apologize and make amends. He would be able to walk away with his life. Why was he so stubborn? Was his pride more important than his life? What was he thinking?
“You made things very clear, and I understand what you’re trying to say. But there’s one thing that you all are mistaken about.
“I do not fear the Forrests. The Forrests are the ones that should be afraid of me,” Dustin said impassively.
The onlookers laughed when they heard what Dustin said.
“The Forrests should be afraid of you? Hahaha! Young man, are you out of your mind? Do you even know what you’re saying?”
“You’re just an insurance agent! How dare you act arrogantly? You think too highly of yourself!”
“How foolish and ignorant! It seems he still isn’t aware of who he’s offended and where he stands.
The onlookers shook their heads as they criticized Dustin, looking at him like he was an idiot.
“What a stubborn idiot.”
Dahlia shook her head. “I’ve given you a chance, but you didn’t appreciate it. In that case, forget it.”
She wouldn’t meddle in other peoples‘ business usually. She wondered what had gotten into her today.
“Let’s make things clear here. First things first, my man does not need a chance from you.
“Secondly, we can take care of ourselves. We certainly won’t hold back if any of you get on our nerves. We’ll deal with the consequences after!”
Natasha puffed out her chest confidently.
In terms of their looks, it was hard to tell who was better looking between Natasha and Dahlia. But in terms of their aura, Natasha commanded more attention.
“How dare you speak to Dahlia like that? Do you even know who she is?” Elena roared, glaring at Natasha.
They would be shocked if they knew Dahlia was Sir Mosey’s god–daughter!
“Forget it. I have no interest in meddling in your affairs.” Dahlia could not be bothered anymore.
She did not enjoy being in the center of attention. She did not like fighting with others over trivial matters either.
“It would be best for you to stay out of this. We would hate to get you implicated.”
Natasha smiled faintly. “Don’t be bothered by them, dear. Let’s go home for dinner.”
With that, she hooked her arm around Dustin’s and held Haley’s hand in her other hand. They then proceed to walk out of the kindergarten casually.
Though Dahlia had lost her memories, keeping her away from Dustin would be best.
After all, medical technology was so advanced these days. Who knows when Dahlia might regain her memories?
No! She had to make Dustin completely hers before Dahlia regained her memories!
She really could not wait any longer. She would have to get Dustin drunk and force herself on him!
“Damn it!” Elena gritted her teeth as she watched them leave.
The current situation wasn’t advantageous to her, and there was nothing much she could do about it. She needed backup from her family to deal with the couple!
“Sean, who were those despicable people? How dare they behave so arrogantly?” Elena turned to
ask Sean.
“I heard that she’s a Harmon. A daughter of the Harmon family. They’re quite influential around
here,” Sean answered.
“The Harmons? Hmph! They’re just a big fish in a small pond! They’re nothing compared to us
elites from Oakvale!” Elena huffed.
Oakvale was the capital city of Dragonmarsh. It was where all the elite of the elites gathered and.
reigned over all.
Anyone with influence in Oakvale could easily overpower anyone in the Southern province. What
more is an influential family like the Forrests?
Hence, in Elena’s eyes, the Harmons amounted to nothing.
“This is strange. Why do I feel bothered by this?”
Dahlia felt very uncomfortable seeing Dustin leave with Natasha.
She could not seem to explain why she was feeling like this. It was as though something that
belonged to her had been taken away.
It was very strange indeed.
She did not enjoy being in the center of attention. She did not like fighting with others over trivial
matters either.
“It would be best for you to stay out of this. We would hate to get you implicated.”
Natasha smiled faintly. “Don’t be bothered by them, dear. Let’s go home for dinner.”
With that, she hooked her arm around Dustin’s and held Haley’s hand in her other hand. They then proceed to walk out of the kindergarten casually.
Though Dahlia had lost her memories, keeping her away from Dustin would be best.
After all, medical technology was so advanced these days. Who knows when Dahlia might regain her memories?
No! She had to make Dustin completely hers before Dahlia regained her memories!
She really could not wait any longer. She would have to get Dustin drunk and force herself on him!
“Damn it!” Elena gritted her teeth as she watched them leave.
The current situation wasn’t advantageous to her, and there was nothing much she could do about
it. She needed backup from her family to deal with the couple!
“Sean, who were those despicable people? How dare they behave so arrogantly?” Elena turned to
ask Sean.
“I heard that she’s a Harmon. A daughter of the Harmon family. They’re quite influential around
here,” Sean answered.
“The Harmons? Hmph! They’re just a big fish in a small pond! They’re nothing compared to us
elites from Oakvale!” Elena huffed.
Oakvale was the capital city of Dragonmarsh. It was where all the elite of the elites gathered and
reigned over all.
Anyone with influence in Oakvale could easily overpower anyone in the Southern province. What
more is an influential family like the Forrests?
Hence, in Elena’s eyes, the Harmons amounted to nothing.
“This is strange. Why do I feel bothered by this?”
Dahlia felt very uncomfortable seeing Dustin leave with Natasha.
She could not seem to explain why she was feeling like this. It was as though something that
belonged to her had been taken away.
It was very strange indeed.
“Dahlia, what are you looking at? You’re not thinking about helping them, are you?” Elena asked.
“I won’t meddle in your affairs.” Dahlia shook her head.
“I knew it. How could you ever be bothered with such a small fry?” Elena chuckled.
Then, she exchanged a look with Sean. “Go get our men from Oakvale. I won’t let them off so easily.
###Chapter 1040 by Marina Vittori
Natasha sat in the front passenger seat as Dustin drove them back. Cecilia and Haley sat in the backseat.
“Haley, if anyone ever dares to pick on you in the future, just tell me, alright? I’ll deal with them for you. Got it?” Natasha pulled out a piece of wet tissue to wipe a dirty spot off Haley’s face as she spoke.
“Okay, got it.” Haley nodded.
“Haley, how about I teach you martial arts from tomorrow onwards?” 
Dustin persuaded earnestly. “If anyone picks on you again, you can beat them up. You can even
beat them up if you feel like picking on others.”
“Stop saying nonsense.” Natasha rolled her eyes.
“Martial arts training is tough. I don’t want my baby Haley to be all worn out.
“Besides, is it appropriate for girls to beat other people up? Wouldn’t it be better for her to learn
drawing or playing an instrument?”
“There’s nothing wrong with learning a little martial arts. Haley will be able to protect herself if 
she ever finds herself in a dangerous situation,” Dustin explained.
The best time to learn martial arts was when they were young. Though it might be tough initially,
it would be great for Haley.
“What do you think, Haley?” Natasha turned to ask Haley’s opinion.
No matter what they said, Haley’s take on the matter was what mattered most.
“Whatever you say, God–mother.” Haley was always very obedient.
“Hahaha! Alright. I’ll make plans for you when you’re grown up.” Natasha caressed her hair
adoringly.
Cecilia pressed her lips into a thin line. Her eyes went slightly red at the sight of them conversing
so happily.
She had seen Dustin and Natasha’s interactions with Haley. She knew that with them protecting
hèr, she would never have to worry about Haley’s future.
“Since we’re already out, Dear, why don’t we just have a meal?”
Natasha turned around to ask Haley, “Haley, what do you feel like having?”
“Hmm… Can I have burgers and tries?” Haley cocked her head to the side, asking politely.
“Of course you can! You can have everything you want today!” Natasha smiled at her.
“Yay! We’re having burgers and fries!” Haley cheered excitedly.
Dustin and Natasha exchanged a look before smiling at each other. How pure a child’s happiness
was.
Just then, Natasha saw something out of the corner of her eye. Her eyes widened in shock. “Watch
out!”
“What?” Dustin felt a sense of foreboding as he looked over and saw a huge truck speeding toward
them.
The truck had run a red light and seemed to have lost control as it went in their direction.
Dustin could only turn the steering wheel as hard as possible to avoid getting hit.
Not only did the truck not attempt to avoid them, it even accelerated toward them. In the end, the
truck rammed into the side of their car.
“Bang!” There was a loud crash as their car was sent flying.
It tumbled several times before finally skidding to a halt.
A long skid mark was etched into the ground, and debris from the vehicle littered the ground.
Everything happened so suddenly that there was no time to react.
Dustin reflexively used his body to shield Natasha at the very last moment. But she still suffered a head injury and scratches on her body when the car was tumbling.
“Natasha! Are you alright?” Dustin’s expression turned grave.
“I–I’m fine… Quick! Check on Haley!” Natasha shouted weakly.
“Haley?” Dustin turned around to check on her and found Haley unconscious.
She was flipped upside down, with her head on the ground and her feet in the air.
Her right arm looked mishappen, and her ribs may have been broken. Blood flowed out her mouth and nose, and the broken glass shards had cut her skin.
She was severely hurt.
And Haley was not the only one hurt. Cecilia didn’t look like she was faring any better.
###Chapter 1041 by Marina Vittori
Cecilia’s face was covered in blood, and her limbs looked misshapen. Her stomach must have suffered from the impact, too, as her water broke and she bled from her stomach.
“Cecilia! Haley!” Dustin shouted. They were both unconscious, and neither of them responded. He quickly got out of the car.
There was a loud clanging sound as he yanked the deformed car door open and pulled Cecilia and Haley out. They were both heavily injured.
Dustin had no choice but to perform acupuncture on the spot to stop their bleeding. He also used his true energy to keep their condition stable. He had to keep them alive.
“Sir Rhys!” Several of the Kirin Gang disciples rushed up to them..
They were guards that Dustin had arranged to keep Natasha safe. They had always secretly followed Natasha, so they immediately exited their car when they witnessed the accident.
“Quick! Send them to the hospital immediately!”
Once things were under control, Dustin swiftly carried Cecilia and Haley into the guards‘ car. He instructed them to send them to the hospital immediately.
Then, he pulled open the car door to the passenger seat and helped Natasha out.
“Haley … How’s Haley and Cecilia?” Natasha asked weakly.
“They’re hurt, but they’ll survive. Don’t worry,” Dustin assured as he performed acupuncture on Natasha.
“That’s good. It’s good to hear that they’re safe.” Natasha heaved a sigh of relief.
“Sir Rhys! We’ve caught the driver! It was him!” Two disciples from Kirin Gang brought a bald driver over.
“Ms. Harmon, Mr. Rhys, I’m sorry. The brakes malfunctioned, and I lost control of the truck. There was nothing I could do.”
The bald driver shrugged, trying to look innocent.
“The brakes malfunctioned?”
Natasha’s expression darkened, and she slapped the driver.
“If the brakes malfunctioned, why the hell did you step on the accelerator? You did it on purpose!”
Natasha roared.
“Ms. Harmon, you can’t say that.”
The driver rubbed his sore cheek and said with a faint smirk, “It was too sudden. I panicked and made a mistake.
“It was truly an accident. I’ll take full responsibility for it. I have insurance, so I will compensate whatever is necessary.”
“Do you think this can be solved with money?” Dustin’s expression turned dark.
“How else should it be solved?” The driver shrugged.
“I wasn’t drunk driving and didn’t run away after crashing into you. I’m even taking the initiative to bear full responsibility.
“According to the laws and regulations, I’ll have to compensate financially. If you’re still unhappy with that, you can have me detained for several days,” The driver said breezily.
He was even smirking like he was daring them to do anything else to him.
“I’d just like to know, who instructed you to do this? If you tell me the truth, I’ll spare your life,” Dustin said icily.
What happened today was planned.
“Hey, dude. Are you trying to threaten me here? Do you think that I’d be scared?” The driver pursed his lips as he looked at them in contempt.
“There are so many people watching us here. What are you going to do? Do you have the guts to kill me here?”
Then, he raised his voice and shouted, “Everybody, look here! Someone is threatening me!
“Will you all please film this? This will be useful evidence for me when we go to the police station!
With that, the onlookers crowded over. They took out their phones and began recording.
The bald driver began to behave even more arrogantly. “Haha! Why are you so quiet now? Weren’t you acting all haughty earlier on?
“If you have what it takes, then kill me! I’d like to see if you’ve got the guts!”
“You-!” Natasha was so angry that she raised her hand.
But Dustin stopped her and pulled her back. “Don’t be bothered by a dead man.”
“Haha! Such cowards! Come at me! Why? You scared to attack me now?”
The driver scoffed, looking at them disdainfully.
“Ms. Harmon, he’s such a coward. You’re better off with me! At least I’ll be able to make you feel
goo-”
He didn’t even finish his sentence when a car sped toward them. With a loud bang, the car
rammed into the driver.
He was sent flying before he fell heavily to the ground. He died on the spot.
Then, the car door opened, and Cornelius walked out with a smile.
“I’m sorry, the brakes malfunctioned. But I have insurance, so I will compensate whatever is
necessary,” he said to the dead driver.
###Chapter 1042 by Marina Vittori
That night, Dustin and Natasha sat by Haley’s bedside in one of the wards of East Swinton Hospital. Their hearts ached for her as they watched her sleep.
She had just gone through an operation. All her injuries had been treated and bandaged. Dustin had even performed acupuncture on her to ensure that her blood circulation was fine.
Though she was no longer in danger, the shock of the accident was still traumatizing for a five- year–old child. “Don’t worry, Haley will be fine.” Dustin held Natasha’s hand to comfort her.
“Those beasts! They didn’t even spare the child!” Natasha hissed through clenched teeth, furious. “I will get to the bottom of this. I will not let whoever is behind this off!” Dustin was dead serious.
Whatever he did should not implicate those around him. They had crossed a line now that both Natasha and Haley were harmed.
He would not go easy on wicked people.
“Natasha!” Hector and Ruth rushed in.
They were distraught when they saw the bandage around Natasha’s head. They hurried to ask if she was alright.
“Dad, I’m fine. Just some minor scratches.” Natasha smiled, trying to ease their worries.
“Oh, that’s good. It’s great to hear that you’re fine.” Hector heaved a sigh of relief.
“I was shocked when I heard you guys had been in an accident. Thank god you’re all safe.”
“How did you guys get into an accident? You guys weren’t drunk driving, were you?” Ruth asked.
“It wasn’t us. Someone did it on purpose.” Natasha did not hide the truth from them and recounted
everything that happened.
Both Hector and Ruth frowned.
“Who dares do something like this? How could they do something like this in broad daylight? What’s the point of the law?”
“We’re looking into it. I’m sure we’ll have our answers by tomorrow,” Dustin answered.
“No matter who’s behind it, they must pay for this!” Hector’s expression was dark.
It was one thing for others to scheme and plot against them. But now that his daughter’s life was threatened, he would not sit by and watch.
“Well, I see you’re all here!” Suddenly, a well–dressed and high–spirited man strode in with his
head held high.
There were two adjutants in military uniforms following behind him.
“Dylan? Why are you here?” Natasha’s brows furrowed.
“I heard that you were involved in a traffic accident. I’m your cousin; it only makes sense that I come and visit you.”
Dylan looked her up and down before he smiled. “But I think you’re fine. You don’t look terribly injured. Congratulations!”
“Cut the nonsense. What are you here for?” Natasha did not wish to waste time conversing with
him.
After Hector had been forced from his position as head of the Harmon family, their relationship had gone sour.
“I came here to check if you’re fine and to chat with Uncle Hector.” Dylan turned to look at Hector.
“May I speak to you in private, Uncle Hector?”
“There’s no need for that. If there’s anything you need to say, you can say it here,” Hector said.
“Alright then, since we’re all family, I won’t beat around the bush anymore.” Dylan sat down on a chair, making himself comfortable.
Then, he smiled. “Uncle Hector, the Harmon ancestors have left us a treasure map, haven’t they?
“According to the rules, the head of the family should keep the map. Now that you’re no longer head of the family, don’t you think it’s time you return the map?”
###Chapter 1043 by Marina Vittori
“Regarding this matter, I’ve already explained it to your father and Trent. The treasure map was stolen several years ago, and its whereabouts remain unknown,” Hector said.
“Uncle Hector, it sounds suspicious if you put it that way.” Dylan grabbed a banana and casually peeled it. “The treasure map is a precious item. You’ve deemed it more valuable than your own life..
“How would you let someone steal it? Are you sure you didn’t secretly hide it for yourself?” “Are you doubting me? Where’s your evidence?” Hector furrowed his brows.
“Uncle Hector, the day has eyes, and the night has ears. We all know the truth.”
Dylan took a bite of the banana and grinned. “As your nephew, I advise you to consider handing it
over soon. Otherwise, no one can guarantee that today’s events won’t repeat themselves.”
Everybody’s faces fell when they heard that. Especially Natasha, as her anger flared up.
She rushed forward and grabbed Dylan’s collar. “What did you just say? Are you saying you had a
hand in today’s accident?”
“Don’t get so worked up. I was just making a casual remark.” Dylan smirked and continued eating
his banana.
“Bastard! Natasha is your cousin. How dare yoù harm her? Are you even human?” Hector seethed
with anger.
“Uncle Hector, I was just joking. Look at how tense you all are over this. Cool down.”
But then, Dylan suddenly became solemn. “Of course, if you still refuse to hand over the treasure
map, that’s a different story.”
“Are you threatening me?” Hector’s face darkened.
“I won’t dare to do that. I’m just offering you a friendly reminder.”
Dylan smirked. “Uncle Hector, you’ve been in charge for many years and have made enemies.
“Without the Harmon family supporting you, your future days won’t be easy. I hope you’ll think it over carefully.
“I have other matters to attend to, so I won’t disturb you anymore. Goodbye.”
After saying that, he brushed off his sleeves, stood up, and headed towards the exit.
As he reached the door, he suddenly stopped again. He turned back and said, “Oh, I almost forgot
“Kate and Tyler will be having their wedding ceremony in five days. You’re all welcome to join us
for the celebration.”
Then, he walked out the door.
“Hmph! He’s such a jerk! Just looking at him makes me sick!” Ruth spat.
“I underestimated their ambitions. I never thought they would even disregard family ties for the
sake of the treasure map.” Hector sighed softly.
The Dylan they saw today shocked them. He appeared friendly on the surface, but his words were
filled with veiled threats.
“They’ll be getting married in five days. It seems like Kate plans to use this treasure map as her
dowry.” Natasha frowned.
With the threat of death hanging over them, it was clear that the Harmon family would likely take further actions if they didn’t give up the treasure map.
“Dustin, what do you think about this?” Ruth suddenly asked.
“An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth” Dustin said coldly.
Upon hearing his words, the group fell silent. They had yet to adapt to the sudden change of their
relationship into enemies.
Did they really have to fight each other?
“Which one of you is Cecilia’s family member?” At that moment, a nurse rushed into the room.
“I’m a relative. What happened?” Dustin immediately stood up.
“After the rescue efforts, Cecilia is safe now. But unfortunately, she lost the baby she was carrying,
the nurse said regretfully. (1)
“What?”
Everybody’s face fell when they heard that
Dustin’s eyes turned cold. He exuded a murderous aura.
“Dylan! You’re dead meat!”
###Chapter 1044 by Marina Vittori
Dustin and the others rushed to the operating room after receiving the news. Still unconscious, Cecilia was being wheeled out. Beside her was something covered with a white sheet.
Dustin’s hands trembled as he lifted the white sheet. It was the baby’s lifeless body. His eyes turned bloodshot, and he gritted his teeth. A wave of anger surged within him.
He had promised Nelson that he would protect Cecilia and their baby.Now, not only were the mother and daughter severely injured and hospitalized, but Cecilia had also tragically lost her child.
It was an earth–shattering tragedy for him. Amidst the guilt and self–blame, he was overwhelmed with anger.
He was livid!
“How did this happen? We were fine when we left. How did …” Natasha’s face turned pale as she
struggled to comprehend the situation.
Cecilia was nine months pregnant and about to give birth.
They couldn’t imagine the pain of losing a life that was growing in her.
“I’m sorry, we did our best.”
A doctor explained, “The fetus had already lost its life during the car accident. Saving the adult is
the best we could have hoped for in this unfortunate situation.”
“Baby… My baby…”
At some point, Cecilia had already opened her eyes. Tears streamed down her face when she
heard the doctor’s words.
But she didn’t even have the strength to cry as she was too weak.
“Cecilia, I’m sorry. It’s my fault that you all got involved in this.”
”
Natasha grabbed Cecilia’s hand. Her eyes were brimming with tears.
The accident was directed at her, yet Cecilia and her baby had been dragged in for no reason.
She felt responsible for the child’s death.
“Haley… How is Haley?” Cecilia snapped to her senses. Her grip on Natasha’s hand tightened.
“Haley is fine. She’s safe. She’ll be discharged in a few days,” Natasha reassured her.
Upon hearing that, Cecilia finally breathed a sigh of relief.
But when she thought of her baby, grief overwhelmed her.
As she cried and cried, exhaustion overcame her. She fell into a deep sleep again.
“Dylan!” Dustin clenched his fists tightly, his hatred burning intensely.
That bastard had crossed the line!
“Dad, I will never let him off the hook.” Natasha’s usually lively face darkened in anger.
Her eyes were cold. “The Harmons are viel demons! They need to learn their lesson!”
She didn’t want to fight each other for the sake of their past relationship. But the current situation made her realize that Dylan had lost all humanity.
He even planned the car accident to take her life. Facing such a beast, Natasha wouldn’t show any mercy!
Hector sighed but remained silent.
He knew there was no turning back after this incident. They were formally enemies now.
There would be major changes in the Harmon family.
The following morning, the Harmon family residence was filled with festive air.
###Chapter 1045 by Marina Vittori
A red carpet was stretched from the house’s entrance to the reception hall. Today marked the official announcement of Trent’s position as the patriarch of the Harmon
family. It was previously acknowledged within the family but was now being publicly declared. The Harmon family extended invitations to many guests and organized a banquet.
Anyone who had good relations with the Harmon family or wished to gain favor with them made their way to congratulate them.
The change in leadership meant that other influential families or figures would need to realign themselves with the Harmon family.
Meanwhile, Trent and the core members of the Harmon family gathered inside the conference room.
Compared to before, the number of people present had significantly decreased.
After the recent change, nearly half of the core members had been marginalized. Most people in
the room were Trent’s trusted inner circle and allies.
“Trent, after today, you’ll be widely recognized as the patriarch of the Harmon family.
Congratulations!” Jacob offered his congratulations.
“Our patriarch is wise, formidable, and possesses great strategic vision. You are the outstanding
leader of the Harmon family!”
“That’s right! I believe that under your leadership, the Harmon family will prosper even more!”
“Our patriarch is mighty!”
The members of the Harmon family praised and showered Trent with flattery.
Trent smiled in response. He was floating on cloud nine.
He had never realized that being the patriarch meant others would treat him as if he were
majestic and awe–inspiring
The feeling of being respected by everyone else was wonderful
“I could only take over the position smoothly because of you guys. After this, I will reward you
accordingly. I promise that no one will be left out!” Trent declared with a confident smile.
“Thank you, Mr. Harmon!”
The people in the room were overjoyed. They stood up and clapped to show their respect.
“Uncle Trent, today is the day you officially become the Harmon family’s patriarch. And Kate will be getting married in a few days. It’s truly a double blessing!” Dylan said with a smile.
“You’re absolutely right.”
Jacob nodded with a smile. “The Grant family is one of the top three influential families. Tyler is a rare talent. With such an outstanding son–in–law, you’ll soon be able to dominate the province!”
“Yes! By joining forces with the Grant family, we’re undoubtedly a formidable alliance.
Dominating the provincial capital is just around the corner!” Many others agreed.
Indeed, these two families could achieve something great together.
“Speaking of which, I don’t understand why Uncle Hector refused to ally with the Grants. Is it
really only because Natasha didn’t like Tyler?”
Dylan said in a mocking tone. “If that’s the case, it’s truly absurd!”
“That’s why Trent is the best candidate to become the patriarch. Hector is too indecisive,” Jacob
praised Trent again.
“Speaking of Hector, I just recalled something.”
Trent tapped the table and looked at Dylan. “Dylan, any progress in the task I assigned you?”
“Uncle Hector is stubborn. I don’t think we’ll be able to get it through him.”
Dylan smirked, adding, “But I’ve found his weak spot. I believe he’ll willingly hand over the
treasure map within two days.”
“The treasure map is very important. We must get it before the wedding!” Trent reminded sternly.
The treasure map was meant to be his daughter’s dowry. Without it, he didn’t know how to explain
things to the Grant family.
“Uncle Trent, don’t worry. I guarantee that there will be no mistakes!” Dylan declared confidently.
“Great.” Trent nodded.
“Alright, Trent, it’s about time. Let’s go to the reception hall to meet the guests. There’s a VIP
coming today who I believe will surprise you,” Jacob said, his smile hinting at something.
“Oh? Really? Then I’ll look forward to it.” Trent grinned and left the group with the others.
However, as soon as they stepped out the door, a Harmon family butler suddenly approached him
with a gift box.
“Mr. Harmon, there’s a guest outside who asked me to deliver this gift to you,” the butler said,
presenting the gift box with both hands.
“Oh? They’re surely eager to offer their respects.”
Trent chuckled and opened the gift box. But he was shocked at what he saw and threw the box
away.
The gift box fell to the ground, and a bloody severed head rolled out.
###Chapter 1046 by Marina Vittori
“What the heck! What is this?” When the severed head rolled out, everyone was shocked. They instinctively backed away.
Their shock only increased after they comprehended the situation. Today was supposed to be a joyous day for Trent, but someone dared to send such a gruesome gift. Were they trying to offend Trent?
No! It was a provocation! “Who is it? How dare someone send me a severed head?” Trent seethed with anger. His mood was ruined instantly.
“You worthless piece of trash! How could you be so careless?” Furious, Jacob slapped the butler
hard.
As a butler of the Harmon family, he had been negligent and delivered the gift without inspecting
it. What if it was a bomb?
“I–I thought it was just an ordinary guest. I never expected this.” The butler knelt on the ground
and trembled.
The person was smiling when he passed the butler the gift. So the butler thought it was a guest
trying to get on the family head’s good side.
Who would have thought there was a severed head inside?
“Why are you still standing here? Go and find out who did this!” Jacob kicked the butler.
The butler scrambled to his feet and hurriedly left.
“Dad, I recognize this face. He was one of my trusted men.” Dylan’s face darkened as he spoke up.
At first, he was shocked upon seeing the severed head. Then, he thought the person looked
familiar.
Upon closer inspection, he realized that it was his own man!
“Your trusted man? What’s going on?” Jacob furrowed his brow.
“He helped me with something yesterday. It seems like someone discovered him and took revenge on him.” Dylan squinted his eyes.
This guy was the one who arranged the accident. He had never expected that the man would end up dead overnight.
It was most likely Natasha.
“So they’re targeting you?” Jacob grasped the situation.
“It seems so, but there’s no need to worry.”
Dylan shrugged and said casually. “I’ll handle this matter. If anyone dares to come and cause trouble, they’ll be digging their graves!”
“You’d better deal with it.”
Jacob nodded and said, “Trent, let Dylan take care of this. Don’t worry.”
“How unlucky!” Trent kicked the severed head aside and left.
Without hesitation, everyone followed suit.
Dustin silently sat in a corner inside the Harmon family residence’s reception hall. He was
sipping on his coffee.
The cold aura he gave off made the surrounding guests keep their distance.
He was a guest the last time he visited the Harmon family, but now he was here for revenge–an
eye for an eye.
Dylan had to pay for his sins!
“Hey, handsome, can we sit here?” A clear and melodious female voice interrupted his thoughts.
Dustin turned to see two women and a man standing behind him.
The one who spoke was a petite woman in a blue dress. She looked delicate.
Beside her was another woman in a red outfit. Not only was her appearance striking but she was
She exuded an air of elegance. But she looked to be the proud type.
A cunning–looking man in an expensive designer suit stood on the right side.
“Go ahead.”
###Chapter 1047 by Marina Vittori
Dustin just replied with a single word. “Thanks.” The girl in the blue dress smiled and motioned for her friends to sit.
She thought, “This seems to be the only place with many empty seats. He looks friendly, so sitting with him shouldn’t be an issue.”
“Hey, I’m Livia, and these are my friends, Leah and Quinton. What’s yours?” “We just met, so there’s no need for names,” Dustin replied bluntly. He was on a mission, not here to socialize.
His rudeness caught Livia off guard. But Leah couldn’t hold back and confronted him. “Hey, watch your tone. We’re just asking for your name!
“What’s the big deal about that? You’re not even dressed like a rich man. What makes you think
you can act so high and mighty?”
Quinton chimed in, “Yeah, you’re not exactly dressed to impress. It’s an honor for you to meet us.”
“It’s ok, let’s all forget about it.” Livia tried to defuse the situation.
But Leah couldn’t let it go and snapped. “You can’t give in to a loser like him, Liv. It’s clear he
doesn’t enjoy being around people.”
She couldn’t accept that Dustin had ignored such beauties like themselves. What a fool!
Quinton added, “Liv, forget about him. We’re in a different league, and he’s clearly out of place here.
”
Then, he proudly flaunted his designer tie and expensive watch. “Check out this watch; it’s worth
eight hundred dollars. I doubt you could afford it even with ten years‘ salary.”
He needed to show Dustin how they were on two different levels. It was unusual for someone as
out of place as Dustin to be at this gathering.
However, Dustin paid them no mind, calmly sipping his drink while keeping a sharp eye on the
door.
“See the difference between us now? It’s an honor to sit with us, so don’t take it for granted.”
Quinton interpreted Dustin’s silence as a display of weakness.
“Ew! What the hell is that smell?” Leah pretended to cover her nose in disgust.
Dustin continued to disregard them, further fueling her anger. She might have even spit at him if the circumstances were different.
At that moment, someone shouted, “Look, here he comes!”
The crowd turned and looked at Trent, the new patriarch of the Harmon family, walking in with his entourage. Applause filled the room as everyone cheered for him.
Meanwhile, Leah and Quinton wanted to get closer but couldn’t push through the crowd. In the
end, they opted to watch from a distance.
“Isn’t that Dylan? He is so handsome!” Leah exclaimed, her eyes filled with admiration.
Dylan came from a wealthy family and was a talented young man who captured the hearts of
many girls, including Leah.
“I heard he’s a high–ranking commander in the Dark Panther Cavalry, serving under the Scarlet
Warrior. His future looks promising.” Livia gushed with admiration. To her, Dylan seemed like
someone beyond reach.
“I’d be thrilled if I could achieve half of what he has,” Quinton confessed, his envy evident. Despite
his wealth, he couldn’t help but feel inferior to Dylan.
“It doesn’t matter how great Dylan is or how bright his future appears. He’s about to die soon,”
Dustin said, rising to his feet. His murderous glare fixed on Dylan.
###Chapter 1048 by Marina Vittori
Dustin’s remark caught Livia, Leah, and Quinton off guard, leaving them puzzled.
“Hey, what are you babbling about? Who’s going to die?” Leah raised an eyebrow and wondered if he had lost his mind.
“Are you jealous of Dylan, dude? You’re saying nonsense now because you know he’s better than you,” Quinton remarked.
“Hmph, you know you’re worthless, yet you badmouth someone you’re jealous of. You’re just a petty bastard!” Leah could not stand petty people like Dustin.
“Hey, if you’ve got something to say, say it to Dylan’s face. What’s the point of talking behind someone’s back?” Quinton taunted.
“Yeah, be upfront and confront Dylan like a real man, not a coward,” Leah added.
While Livia remained silent, she shook her head in frustration. She found Dustin’s behavior irritating.
Ignoring their remarks, Dustin picked up a wine bottle and weighed it in his hand. Then, he shouted, “Dylan Harmon!”
Dylan turned to locate the source of the voice. Suddenly, a wine bottle crashed onto his head.
A loud “Crash!” echoed as the bottle shattered, showering him in red wine. Stunned, he staggered. backward and touched his bleeding head.
The unexpected scene shocked everyone, as nobody dared challenge the Harmon family.
At that moment, Livia, Leah, and Quinton froze in fear.
They had witnessed Dustin pick up the bottle and throw it toward Dylan, but they couldn’t wrap their mind around it.
Dylan Harmon was a prominent figure and came from an influential family. He was a high- ranking commander of the Dark Panther Cavalry and would become the next General.
In Balerno, he was a star.
It was reckless to provoke someone of Dylan’s status They wondered if Dustin had a death wish
“Y-you attacked Dylan Harmon? Are you crazy?” Leah was furious
She had provoked Dustin, thinking he wouldn’t fight back. But now, he had responded to their taunts in such a manner
“Dude, you’re as good as dead” Quinton glared at Dustin
Quinton stepped back, wanting to avoid any trouble with the Harmon family. He muttered, “1 shouldn’t have sat at this table.”
All eyes were on their table. Even Livia distanced herself from Dustin. She was fuming, seeing him as nothing more than a troublemaker.
“So, it is you, Dustin Rhys!” Dylan gazed fixated on him, his face darkening with anger.
Trent, Jacob, and the others were also seething with rage.
It was supposed to be a good day for the Harmon family, but it was ruined. Dustin had crashed the event uninvited, causing a scene.
“Dylan Harmon! Today is the day you meet your end,” Dustin declared.
###Chapter 1049 by Marina Vittori
“Unbelievable!”
“This is outrageous!” “You have the nerve to mess with the Harmon family. You must have a death wish!” The startled quests shouted and protested. The commotion drew the guards’ attention, who surrounded the area.
Dylan sneered at Dustin. “You’ve got some nerve attacking me. If your bodyguard was here, you might have a chance. But going up against me alone is just asking for death!”
Despite his previous loss to Cornelius, Dylan remained confident in defeating Dustin. Among his peers, he believed only Tyler could pose a challenge.
“Kid, today marks my ascent as the Patriarch. I don’t want bloodshed, so surrender now,” Trent shouted at Dustin.
He knew Dustin’s skills and gangs, but it was nothing compared to the Harmon family’s forces. Besides, he had the support of the Grants.
“Dylan’s life ends today, and anyone who intervenes will die too!” Dustin proclaimed.
“How dare you!”
Trent barked at his guards, “Grab him!”
“Wait!” Dylan stepped forward.
“Uncle Trent, allow me to handle him myself.”
“Yes, Trent. Let them settle their score,” Jacob chimed in.
Trent understood that ganging up on Dustin would make them look like bullies. So, he agreed to at
one-on-one duel, which would attract less attention even if Dustin died
“Alright, he’s all yours,” Trent said, giving Dylan a reassuring pat on the shoulder.
“Uncle Trent, just watch as I defeat him”
Then Dylan taunted Dustin, “Rhys, do you have the courage for a life-or-death fight?”
“What’s there to fear? You’re going to die anyway,” Dustin retorted
“Perfect! Everyone heard it, night? He agreed to a life-or-death duel If he dies, I’m not taking responsibility Dylan proclaimed for everyone to hear
“Is he crazy? Challenging Dylan one-on-one!”
“Dylan’s a divine master and a high-ranking commander in the Dark Panther Cavalry. He’s a master of deadly techniques. This kid won’t last three seconds.” (2)
“He’s getting what he asked for by messing with the Harmon family!”
The crowd whispered among themselves about Dustin as if he were already doomed.
“Ha! A poor nobody trying to take on a genius like Dylan? Dream on!” Leah scoffed.
“He’s risking his life just to show off. What a fool!” Quinton showed his disdain.
“Ignorant fool!” Livia shook her head.
To them, Dustin’s actions were suicidal.
Dylan taunted, “Rhys, come at me, and let’s see what you’re made of.”
Dustin stepped forward and threw an ordinary punch.
“Is that it?” Dylan chuckled and raised his finger to stop his punch, eager to win and earn the crowd’s praise.
When Dylan’s finger met Dustin’s fist, a sickening crunch of Dylan’s finger bones breaking was
heard. Then, his arm snapped, and his body slammed into the wall.
He was knocked unconscious, with blood flowing from his mouth and nose.
The room fell quiet.
###Chapter 1050 by Marina Vittori
“What happened?” The sight of the unconscious Dylan shocked everyone. Nobody expected the high-ranking commander of the Dark Panther Cavalry to lose. Everyone expected him to win, but the outcome was unexpected.
“Is this a dream? Did Dylan actually lose?” Quinton struggled to accept reality. He had anticipated Dustin’s defeat, not him winning. “How can this be? It’s unbelievable.” Leah stared in disbelief.
She couldn’t understand how someone as insignificant as Dustin could defeat Dylan. “Wow! Is he that strong?” Livia’s eyes widened in amazement.
At first, she underestimated Dustin, but now she acknowledged his skills.
Trent’s eyebrows furrowed in surprise, “I didn’t expect this kid to be a master level.”
While he had seen Dustin’s amazing medical abilities, he was unaware of his martial arts skills.
Jacob was shocked by the sudden turn of events. “My son lost?”
He could accept if Dylan lost to Tyler but not to Dustin.
Amid the stunned onlookers, Dustin strode forward. He grabbed Dylan’s leg and dragged him away, leaving a trail of blood on the ground.
“Let go of my son, you bastard!”
Ignoring Jacob, Dustin continued to drag Dylan along. He spared Dylan’s life because he wanted Dylan to apologize to Cecilia.
“Get rid of this kid!” Jacob ordered his guards.
A swarm of the Harmon family guards rushed in. The guests quickly stepped back to avoid getting caught up in the mess.
“Attack!” someone shouted, and the guards rushed forward.
Dustin remained unfazed. He raised his hand, and a barrage of silver needles shot out.
Suddenly, the Harmon family guards fell to the ground.
“What the heck?” The quests watched in disbelief
Everything had happened too fast, leaving them bewildered All they saw was Dustin raising his
hand, and suddenly, all the guards were on the ground
Dustin continued to drag Dylan out of the reception hall.
“Quick, stop him!” Jacob shouted.
“Summon the shadow guards!” Trent ordered. 3
“We must capture this kid today, no matter what it takes. The Harmon family’s reputation is at stake!”
Dustin’s actions were a clear disrespect to the Harmon family. Their family’s reputation would suffer if Trent did not handle it fast.
###Chapter 1051 by Marina Vittori
Upon receiving Trent’s orders, the Harmon family guards and the elite shadow guards took action. “Quick! Seal off all exits and ensure this kid doesn’t get away!”
“Acting so boldly on the Harmon family’s grounds? He must have a death wish!” The guards quickly blocked all escape routes and surrounded Dustin.
As Dustin exited the reception hall, he could feel the hostile stares of the guards on him. He guessed there were around two hundred of them, including Dylan’s Dark Panther Cavalry soldiers.
“Rhys‘ Release my son now, or you’ll pay with your life!” Jacob yelled angrily.
“You’re trapped, there’s no escape. Release Dylan, and maybe I’ll spare you,” Trent warned.
“I only want Dylan. The rest of you can step back!” Dustin stated firmly.
“You’re standing at death’s door and don’t even realize it. Look around and see who’s in charge!”
Trent threatened.
Trent knew Dustin could not win against so many armed guards, no matter how skilled he was.
“Even though this kid managed to take down Dylan, he won’t leave the Harmon family alive.”
“This kid might be talented, but he’s outnumbered.”
“He should’ve known the consequences of picking a fight with the Harmon family!”
The guests whispered among themselves. They knew that taking on a powerful family alone was
suicidal
“Hmph! Having courage won’t take you very far when you’re outnumbered,” Leah commented.
She viewed Dustin as an amateur and doubted his ability to fight armed opponents.
“You’re right! This guy is too idealistic, thinking his martial arts alone can make him invincible
It’s just wishful thinking” Quinton sneered.
Livie didn’t say anything, but she also doubted Dustin’s skills. She realized nobody would survive
against the Harmon family guards.
“Considering you’re the Harmons, I don’t want to use force. I’m holding back for now, so step aside! “Dustin’s intense gaze swept over them. If it weren’t for Natasha, he would have already taken down the entire Harmon family
“You stubborn bastard! It seems like you won’t back down”
Trent couldn’t contain his anger and signaled his quards “Get nd of him!”
Gunshots rang out, and pustin used Dylan as a shield. Two bullets missed, but the remaining three hit Dylan.
“Ah!” The pain jolted Dylan awake.
“Stop shooting!” Jacob shouted. He realized that at this rate, his son would die before Dustin.
“You incompetent fools! What’s wrong with your aim?” Trent was furious that they had missed their chance to kill Dustin.
“Who shot me? Who the heck did this?!” Dylan roared in agony, staring at the bloody wounds. He couldn’t understand why he had been shot three times.
“Dyl, those were an accident.” Trent tried to assure him.
“The guard will shoot again, but we won’t miss this time. Hang in there.”
###Chapter 1052 by Marina Vittori
Dylan was stunned and muttered, “Again?” He was worried about Trent’s impulsive decisions since the previous shots had missed Dustin completely.
Jacob urged. “Trent, you’ve got to stay calm! Dyl’s life is on the line here!” He wanted to prevent Trent from losing his temper and accidentally shooting Dylan.
“I’m concerned about Dyl’s safety too. But have you considered our family’s reputation if we let this kid escape?” Trent argued.
“This kid isn’t a pushover. We should consider bringing in the aces,” Jacob whispered.
“Aces? Where can we find them on such short notice? I say we take him down now.” Trent insisted.
Then, Jacob proposed a different approach. “But before we resort to that, let me try talking to him first. It’s best if we can resolve this without violence.”
Trent took a deep breath and yielded. “You’ve got three minutes.”
“Okay.”
!
Jacob nodded and turned to Dustin. “Listen, you need to stop right now. There’s no way you’ll make it out of here alive today. But if you release my son, I can assure your safety.”
“Rhys! You better let me go right now, or there will be consequences!” Dylan warned. Even though Dustin had beaten him earlier, Dylan wasn’t about to give up.
“Everyone must take responsibility for their actions. You’ve made a serious mistake. So today,
you’ll face the consequences,” Dustin stated firmly.
“Rhys, don’t think you can scare me. You’re cornered now, with no way out. If you lay a finger on me, you’ll regret it!” Dylan sneered.
Dustin had faced many tough situations before, so he stayed calm even when surrounded by the
Harmon family guards.
“Regret it?” Dustin scoffed and snapped Dylan’s arm
“Ah!” Dylan screamed in pain as Dustin broke both his arms.
“What do you think of my Bone–Crushing Grip technique?” Dustin asked indifferently.
“You scumbag! How dare you lay a hand on me? I’ll make sure you pay for this!” Dylan shouted in
anger.
But Dustin said nothing and kicked Dylan.
With a “crack“, Dylan’s kneecap shattered, causing him to collapse and scream again.
Seeing his son’s injuries, Jacob shouted, “You monster! You’ll pay for what you’ve done to my son!”
“Finish him!” Trent wasted no time and ordered his guards to attack Dustin.
At that moment, a large group of gangsters burst through the main gate of the Harmon family
residence.
###Chapter 1053 by Marina Vittori
These gangsters wore black with red headbands. They had a mythical beast emblem on their chest, representing the disciples of the Kirin Gang.
“Secure the area!” Cornelius ordered as he led them into the Harmon family residence. Just like that, the Kirin Gang had outnumbered the Harmon family’s guards.
When the Kiring Gang arrived at the Harmon residence, the crowd scattered to avoid getting caught up in the mess.
“Who the hell are you? How dare you enter the Harmon family residence!” Trent yelled as they were surrounded.
“They’re from the Kirin Gang!” someone from the Harmon family exclaimed.
“The Kirin Gang?!” The mention of the Kirin Gang caused various reactions among the crowd.
The Kirin Gang had earned a terrifying reputation in Millsburg, surpassing even the famous
Fabulous Five in power and influence.
“Who dares disrespect Sir Rhys?”
With the guild leaders and disciples, Cornelius stood by Dustin’s side. Their intimidating presence/
was proof of Dustin’s influence.
“Wait, is he… the Kirin Gang’s leader?!”
The Harmon family members were taken aback when they learned of this. While they had heard
rumors about the group, they never expected Dustin to be the leader.
“Unbelievable! This guy is a hot shot!” Quinton was stunned by the reveal.
He had underestimated Dustin, thinking he was just an ordinary guy. But now, knowing that
Dustin held such influence, Quinton regretted his earlier assumptions.
“H–how is this even possible? He dressed so casually, yet he’s the leader of the Kirin Gang?” Leah
muttered in disbelief.
The Kirin Gang had long dominated Millsburg’s underworld, working by their ruthless code. There
were rumors that their leader was terrifying.
Leah was shocked to learn that such a powerful person would dress like a regular guy. “We misjudged him!”
Livia also regretted her earlier judgment of Dustin. “No wonder he dared to provoke the Harmons!”
Trent’s expression soured as he realized their chance of winning was small.
“I’m here for Dylan only, I won’t hesitate to attack if anyone tries to stop me!”
Dustin glared at the crowd, and those who met his eyes quickly looked away in silence.
Jacob tried threatening Dustin to stop. “Dustin, don’t push it too far.”
“Too far?” Dustin scoffed.
“I’ve held back because of Natasha. Otherwise, you’d be dead already.”
###Chapter 1054 by Marina Vittori
“Rhys, don’t be too cocky!” Jacob snapped at Dustin, “You think being the leader of the Kirin Gang means you’re all that? Don’t forget, my son is a high–ranking commander of the Dark Panther Cavalry!”
Dylan chimed in defiantly, “That’s right! Dark Panther Cavalry supports me, and I am the subordinate of Scarlet Warrior. Your actions will have consequences.”
“Stop it right there, punk. If you let Dylan go, we can put this matter behind us. But if you insist on fighting, the Harmon family won’t yield,” Trent stated solemnly.
While the Kirin Gang held power, the Harmon family was no pushover. They had a long history and many allies. They would receive help if they asked.
“I don’t care about your allies or your family’s influence. Dylan must die today!”
Dustin grabbed Dylan by the neck and lifted him, thinking, “If I can’t get him out, I’ll have to kill
him right here.”
“Ugh!” Dylan’s face turned red as he struggled to catch his breath. The fear of death began to
consume him.
Suddenly, someone shouted, “Stop right there!”
Kate arrived on the scene, leading a group of hundreds of well–trained men, all elite members of
the Grants family and two lupine guards.
“Kate? You’re here!” Jacob sighed in relief.
Kate’s status within the Harmon family had improved since she got together with Tyler. Even
Trent had to submit to her.
“Kate, you’ve arrived just in time. We need your help,” Trent said, relieved their situation had
improved.
With the addition of the elite forces from the Grants family, they now stood a chance against the
Kirin Gang.
“Kate, help me!” Dylan pleaded desperately.
“Rhys, release him immediately!” Kate commanded. She felt relieved she had returned just in time
when she heard about the commotion.
However, Dustin asked her, “Were you involved in the car accident?”
She was puzzled by that and asked, “What accident?”
“If you had nothing to do with it, fuck ott!” he retorted.
“How dare you?”
“Damn you!”
“How dare you speak to our Missus that way? We’ll teach you a lesson.”
The Grants family men reacted angrily to Dustin’s rudeness.
Then, an elderly man, standing behind Kate, lunged at Dustin. “You brat, go to hell!”
“Fuck off!”
Cornelius quickly jumped in and punched the elderly man’s chest.
The elderly man screamed in pain and was flung back into a nearby pond.
The Grants were left dumbfounded by this turn of events, especially since the elderly man was a
divine elite they had hired.
They had never imagined that such an expert could be so easily defeated.
###Chapter 1055 by Marina Vittori
After Cornelius defeated the elderly man, he returned to Dustin’s side. “Rhys, today is my father’s ascension as the new family head. I’m warning you to stop all this right now,” Kate threatened.
As Tyler’s wife, she could now use the Grants Family’s influence. This was the privilege given by Tyler that raised her status. Dustin retorted, “And what if I refuse? Can any of you stop me?”
Suddenly, a voice came from the entrance. “What if we join forces with the Harmons?”
The guests turned to look at the entrance as a group of skilled martial artists arrived. They looked
strong and had their head held high.
The crowd backed away in fear.
“It’s the Hill family’s martial artists!”
“Why are they here?”
“Look at that; these must be the Hill family’s elite forces!”
The guests chattered among themselves.
They never expected the Hill family to be here. They were known for their well–trained and
formidable martial artists, surpassing the Grants elite forces.
“Dustin Rhys! If we join forces with the Harmons, do you think we’re a match for your Kirin Gang?”
A middle–aged man stepped forward, followed by Torben and his men.
Dustin narrowed his eyes at him. “Who are you again?”
“I’m Summer, Paul Hill’s second son. Your actions have thrown our family into chaos. Can you
explain yourself?” Summer asked.
He had been living in Oakvale for a while. But the Hill family’s incident forced him to return home
and deal with the situation.
“Sir Paul’s death has nothing to do with me. I’ve already stated that the killer is among your own.
You should clarify this matter with Spring,” Dustin replied.
“What! My family wouldn’t have suffered if you hadn’t pry into our family matters: Your words
won’t clear you from your crimes,” Summer retorted.
“You’re to blame for my father’s murder and our family’s downfall. We won’t let you off the hook,”
He was aware of Dustin’s strength but was relieved when Summer had returned. With the support of the Harmons and the Grants, he saw an opportunity to avenge his father.
Dustin frowned, “So, you’re siding with the Harmons against me?”
“That’s right. You should face the consequences of your actions!” Summer exclaimed.
Trent was delighted with the alliance. “Wonderful! Thank you, Summer, for your support. I won’t forget this.”
With the Hill family backing them, Trent believed that Dustin was doomed.
“This guy’s luck has finally run out, especially with the Hills joining in.”
“The Harmons, Grants, and Hills–two mighty and one influential. They’re unstoppable when the three families team up.
“Today is the end for the Kirin Gang.
“He’s offended so many powerful families; he’s bound to face the consequences.”
The crowd could see Dustin was done for now that the Hills had joined the Harmons.
###Chapter 1056 by Marina Vittori
Quinton sneered. “With these three forces against him, even the Kirin Gang won’t stand a chance. This guy is as good as dead.”
Leah couldn’t hide her satisfaction as she boasted, “Well, he deserves it for being arrogant.” Her dislike of Dustin made her enjoy his misfortune.
“He’s hopeless now.” Livia shook her head, only able to watch from afar as they couldn’t get close to the area. After regaining his composure, Trent warned, “Punk! Surrender now, or else.”
Kate, feeling victorious, added, “Rhys, I’ll give you one more chance. Release Dylan immediately, or you’ll regret it.”
“Dustin Rhys, stop this pointless fight and admit defeat!” Jacob said with a menacing tone. The Harmons were determined not to let Dustin off the hook. They had to kill him to avoid more trouble, but first, they needed to save Dylan.
With a laugh, Dylan mocked Dustin, The Kirin Gang leader? Even if you can fight, what’s the use now?
“Look! They are all on my side. I might spare you if you surrender now and kneel before me.”
Unfazed, Dustin replied, “Spare me? Do you think they can save you? I can kill you now, and no
one can stop me!”
Dylan retorted, “Still playing the hero? Can’t you see you’re outnumbered?”
At that moment, the Hills family had joined forces, outnumbering the Kirin Gang. The elite members were overpowering the Kirin Gang members outside the perimeter.
However, Dustin showed no fear and calmly replied, “Quantity doesn’t equal quality. These are just
a bunch of losers, not worthy opponents.”
“Damn you!”
“Arrogant punk!”
Dustin’s words angered the martial artists, clenching their fists and itching to teach him a lesson.
Being labeled as losers hurt their pride.
“This guy is crazy; he’s not even afraid of them.”
“Just talking big, he’ll crawl back to his mother after being beaten up.”
“He must have a death wish!”
The crowd began to murmur again, voicing their disdain for Dustin’s arrogance. Some scoffed and
openly showed their contempt.
“Punk, where did you get your courage? Who do you think you are? A grandmaster martial artist?
Don’t make me laugh.” Trent mocked Dustin.
Dustin admitted, “You’re right. I am a grandmaster martial artist.‘
11
Trent burst out in laughter. “You must be joking, right? You, a grandmaster martial artist? Take a
look at yourself in the mirror!”
“Hmph! If you are a grandmaster martial artist, I’ll eat my shoe,” Dylan scoffed.
“More crazy talk, pretending to be a grandmaster martial artist. What a fool!” the crowd chimed in.
Grandmaster martial artists were rare in Balerno. If there were one, everyone would know. To
claim such a title at such a young age seemed impossible.
Dustin didn’t say a word. But he raised his hand and gently waved it toward the front.
Whoosh!
A crescent–shaped ray flew above the crowd and sliced through a nearby decorative rock formation.
Boom!
###Chapter 1057 by Marina Vittori
With a loud “boom,” the 30–foot–tall decorative rock formation shattered into pieces. At the same time, the pond split apart.
The crowd was silenced, their wide–eyed looks showing their disbelief. About 40 feet away, another decorative rock formation also collapsed to the ground. “Is he a grandmaster martial artist?”
“Wait! I remember hearing about a rising young genius in the martial world. Could it be him?” “Wow! He’s in his twenties and already a grandmaster martial artist. Unbelievable!”
The crowd buzzed with excitement. While some were shocked or in awe. Meanwhile, Leah, Quinton, and Livie were dumbfounded. They hadn’t expected Dustin to be a grandmaster martial artist. They struggled to accept reality.
“No… It can’t be?” Trent’s expression shifted from joy to sheer horror. He realized that he was in deep trouble.
The reveal shook the Harmon family and struck them like thunder.
It was fine if they had to face Dustin only. But it was now different after learning that Dustin was also a grandmaster martial artist.
Everyone understood that a grandmaster martial artist was on a whole different level. Even the elites and masters were helpless when against a grandmaster martial artist.
“So, you still think someone can come to your rescue?” Dustin’s eyes bore into Dylan. His gaze instilled fear and hopelessness in Dylan.
“Y–how could you …” Dylan was trembling with fear and found it hard to retort.
He never imagined that the person he had once looked down on would now be the one he had to fear. He knew no one could save him when faced with a grandmaster martial artist.
“Trent, do you have anything to say?” Dustin asked.
Trent’s face stiffened, but he remained quiet.
Even with the support of the Grants and Hill families, fighting Dustin now would be pointless. Any attempt to fight him would only result in heavy casualties.
“I’m taking Dylan with me. If anyone disagrees, speak now.” Dustin scanned the crowd, but those who met his gaze looked away.
Nobody dared to challenge a grandmaster martial artist. It was like asking for death.
Out of nowhere, a booming voice shattered the silence. “I !”
###Chapter 1058 by Marina Vittori
“I ! Being a grandmaster martial artist doesn’t mean you can bully others with your title?”
A stern middle–aged man in military attire stepped forward confidently. He was followed by a group of intimidating–looking, fully armed elite soldiers.
“General Zink!” Dylan’s face brightened with relief as if he had found a savior. The despair in his eyes was replaced with hope.
“He’s here! Our savior has arrived just in time!” Jacob exclaimed. He had lost hope for his son’s survival but now saw a glimmer of hope.
“Wait, is that General Zink? What is he doing here?”
“I wonder if he’s as strong as they say.
“You guys don’t know? General Zink is one of the Four Generals of the Dark Panther Cavalry. He’s just one rank below the Scarlet Warrior and commands an army of one hundred thousand. His power and influence are unmatched in the region.
“Wow, that’s impressive!”
“General Zink being here means things are about to get interesting!“.
The arrival of Gideon sparked a wave of excitement in the onlookers.
In Dragonmarsh, there were five elite divisions guarding different areas. One of these divisions
was the Dark Panther Cavalry, led by the Goddess of War. This division had four undefeated
generals who were incredibly strong.
Gideon was one of these generals, and he was known for his exceptional combat skills. He also
had a special bond with the Scarlet Warrior, earning him the admiration of many. He was the best
in the Dark Panther Cavalry and could easily lead thousands of elite soldiers.
“Ah! So, this is the special guest invited by the Harmon family today.” Trent muttered upon seeing
Gideon.
“With General Zink here, we have nothing to fear, even if we’re up against a grandmaster martial
artist!” Kate couldn’t contain her joy.
“It’s a delightful surprise to see General Zink supporting us. This just shows Dylan’s reputation in
the military,” Summer added.
“Hmph! Let’s see what fate has in store for Rhys today,” Torben sneered.
Gideon’s arrival changed the game. Before, everyone hesitated because they teared Dustin’s
strength.
But now, with Gideon on the Harmon family’s side, they had the upper hand.
Dealing with Dustin was no longer impossible. After all, no matter how strong someone might be
in the martial world, they couldn’t compare to elite military forces.
“General Zink, please help me! This punk is trying to kill me!” Dylan immediately cried for help as he saw Gideon approaching.
“Don’t worry. With me here, nobody can harm you.”
Gideon’s gaze fixed on Dustin as he demanded, “What are you waiting for? Release him immediately!”
“So, you must be Gideon Zink? I’d advise you not to get involved, or you might regret it,” Dustin responded.
“How dare you address General Zink by his name with such disrespect?” one of the assistant
generals from the Dark Panther Cavalry reprimanded Dustin.
“Do you understand the consequences of speaking to me this way?” Gideon squinted, his face
darkened.
“General Zink, this punk is a grandmaster martial artist. We shouldn’t underestimate him,” Jacob reminded Gideon.
“So what? He’s just a nobody from the martial world, hardly worth mentioning!” Gideon snorted
dismissively.
He understood that no grandmaster martial artist could take on multiple opponents at the same time.
###Chapter 1059 by Marina Vittori
At that moment, Gideon believed he could defeat any grandmaster martial artist with his army of one hundred thousand soldiers.
“Rhys! Your strength means nothing to General Zink. Surrender now, or you’ll regret it!” Dylan grinned menacingly. With Gideon and the Dark Panther Cavalry by his side, Dylan had no reason to fear Dustin anymore.
“Gideon Zink, let me warn you again. Gather your men and leave immediately. Otherwise, don’t accuse me of disrespecting the Spanner family,” Dustin warned sternly.
“What?” Gideon frowned. “You, a nobody from the martial world, dare to threaten me? Are you looking for trouble?”
“I’m offering you a choice. If you don’t take it, you’ll regret it,” Dustin cautioned. “Regret?” Gideon looked at Dustin, puzzled.
Then he burst into laughter. “Kid, haven’t you realized? We’ve got you surrounded. One word from me, and my troops will shoot anytime!”
Dustin narrowed his eyes. “Don’t push your luck.”
“What if I do?” Gideon sneered.
“Do you think being a grandmaster martial artist makes you special? I have a hundred thousand
elite Dark Panther Cavalry soldiers at my command. No one can stand against us!”
“Yeah, he’s right. Grandmaster martial artists are tough, but against an army, they’re just human,”
someone in the crowd said.
In their eyes, martial arts skills couldn’t compare to the strength of an armed army.
“Kid, I’ll give you until the count of three!” Gideon raised three fingers.
“If you don’t surrender by then, don’t blame me for what happens next!”
“One
“Two…”
“Three…”
As soon as “three” was said, Dustin swiftly appeared before Gideon.
“You-”
Gideon’s eyes widened, attempting to step back, but Dustin gripped his throat. “Move, and I’ll kill you right here.”
Gideon gasped for air, face turning red. He was rooted on the spot, unable to resist or escape.
“Damn you!”
“Let General Zink go!”
The sudden events shocked everyone, especially the Dark Panther Cavalry soldiers. They had their guns raised but were afraid of shooting Gideon.
“You’re too bold to hold me hostage, kid! Do you think you can go up against a hundred thousand soldiers?” Gideon barked.
“I can’t take on a hundred thousand soldiers, but to deal with you, I only need a finger,” Dustin
replied coldly.
“1
“You Gideon was furious. “If you hurt me, you’ll regret it!”
Dustin countered, “Why would I? I’m alone here. Once I deal with you, I can easily escape. Even
with a hundred thousand troops, how will you find me?”
Gideon was speechless, a flicker of fear in his eyes. His arrogance had blinded him to an important fact.
While a hundred thousand troops could overpower a grandmaster martial artist, what if Dustin decided to escape?
This realization made Gideon break into a cold sweat. He had messed up this time!
###Chapter 1060 by Marina Vittori
“Do you still want to interfere in others‘ affairs now, Gideon?”
Dustin’s grip tightened on Gideon’s neck.
Gideon struggled to breathe, and his heart raced.
“Young man, don’t act recklessly!”
Gideon gritted his teeth. “Holding a high–ranking military officer hostage is a major offense. Even if the military can’t catch you, the Martial Arts Union exists. They won’t let you go if you hurt me!”
The Martial Arts Union was responsible for supervising martial artists‘ conduct. They would usually punish those who broke the rules.
It applied to all martial artists, regardless of their status, including grandmaster martial artists.
“Are you trying to threaten me? Do you think I won’t dare to kill you?” Dustin’s eyes grew colder.
“I’m just warning you. Don’t ruin your future,” Gideon advised.
“You’re young, talented, and have a promising future ahead. Stop what you’re doing; it’s not worth sacrificing your future. Think it through.”
“So, are you trying to stop me?” Dustin asked.
“Listen, this is your only chance. If you go now, I won’t come after you. But if you insist, there’s only one outcome for you–death!” Gideon stated firmly.
As a General of the Dark Panther Cavalry, he needed to display his toughness, even when taken hostage.
“Gideon, stop wasting my time. You have two options: leave or face death!” Dustin was getting impatient.
He had tried to talk it out, but if someone continued to block him, he’d have to take drastic action to make a point.
“Damn you!” Gideon glared at Dustin.
“Three …”
Dustin began counting and tightened his grip, making breathing hard for Gideon.
“General Zink! This guy is just trying to scare you. Don’t fall for it!” Trent chimed in.
“That’s right!! With your reputation, he wouldn’t dare to act impulsively!” Jacob added.
“Rhys! General Zink leads a hundred thousand troops. If you harm him, you won’t leave here alive!
“Dylan shouted.
“Two…”
Ignoring their comments, Dustin continued to tighten his grip.
Gideon struggled frantically, and the fear of death overwhelmed him. He wanted to beg for mercy,
but his pride kept him silent.
“General Zink! Hang on!” Trent encouraged Gideon.
His eyes filled with an evil intent. He knew that Gideon’s death would benefit them. When Dustin
killed Gideon, the Dark Panther Cavalry and the Martial Arts Union would go after him.
“General Zink! Rest assured, even if you were killed, we’ll avenge you!” Dylan declared with
conviction.
“Avenge me?” Gideon’s eyes twitched, and he almost couldn’t contain his anger. It was pointless to
avenge him if he were dead.
“One…”
Once the count ended, Dustin’s eyes brimmed with determination.
Gideon trembled, convinced that Dustin was willing to go through with it.
“Wait …”
###Chapter 1061 by Marina Vittori
Just as Gideon was about to speak, he was interrupted by Trent’s furious shouting. “Quick! Fire! This punk wants to kill General Zink! Shoot him down now!”
Trent looked impatient. It was as if he was afraid that Gideon would beg for mercy. Upon hearing Trent’s words, Dark Panther Cavalry soldiers removed their safety locks. Then, they
proceeded to load their bullets. “What the hell are you guys doing? Stop it! Stop it now!” Gideon yelled with all his might. He was shocked.
At this rate, he would be shot all over his body before Dustin died. However, in the next second, the sound of gunfire was heard.
When he locked eyes with them, Trent had secretly signaled the Harmon family’s gunmen hidden
among the crowd. That was why they fired.
Trent thought it would be best if they managed to hit Dustin. But it did not matter if they failed
and accidentally killed Gideon instead.
They could just pass it off as a desperate attempt to save a life.
If that were to happen, Trent could easily put all the blame on Dustin. It was a win–win situation.
“Hmph!” Dustin had already taken action to avoid the bullets as gunfire was heard.
He dragged Gideon with him. But, unfortunately, the latter had a larger physique. As a result, he
got shot in the buttocks.
In an instant, blood gushed out.
“Fuck! Who the fuck permitted you to open fire? I got shot!” Gideon roared.
The Dark Panther Cavalry troops exchanged glances. They did not notice anyone who had shot.
Suddenly, Dustin said, “The Harmon family made a sneak attack. They were planning to kill you
and put the blame on me. Now, do you still want to help them?”
“Harmon family?”
Upon hearing what Dustin said, Gideon’s expression turned grim. He glanced at everyone from the Harmon family.
At that sight, Trent hurriedly explained, “General Zink, that punk is spouting nonsense! Don’t listen to him! He’s trying to sow discord!”
“That’s right! We’re saving you! It’s the kid who wants to kill you!” the rest of the Harmon family chimed in. They feared Gideon would take revenge.
After glaring at them, Gideon turned around and said, “Punk, consider it my unlucky day! I won’t interfere in your affairs anymore!”
“No, General Zink!” someone yelled.
“You’re one of the Four Great Generals of Dark Panther Cavalry! How can you yield to a nobody?”
“That’s right! A soldier should always fight till the end! You shouldn’t be afraid of dying!”
The Harmon family paled while trying to persuade Gideon.
They were sure of one thing. Without Gideon’s support, they were no match against a grandmaster
martial artist.
“Shut the hell up!” Gideon roared.
“Did you think I don’t know what you’re planning? You’re using me, aren’t you? It won’t be that
easy!”
He was not afraid of dying an honorable death in battle.
However, Gideon felt it was unfair if the Harmon family was using him. He might end up dying an
unhorable death instead.
At that moment, Dylan became anxious. “General Zink, I’m your subordinate! Are you not going to
save me?”
“Dylan, I can’t save you today. But I can promise you one thing. If this kid has the guts to kill you,
I’ll avenge you,” Gideon answered solemnly.
Only a few people were with Gideon. Hence, it was not wise for him to confront a grandmaster
martial artist head–on.
“What?” Dylan was stunned after hearing what Gideon said. He thought the latter’s words sounded
2/3
‘Looks like no one can save you today. Join me in hell then!” Dustin declared.
Suddenly, he grabbed Dylan’s leg. Dustin forcibly dragged Dylan as he headed to the entrance.
No one dared to stop Dustin when he passed them.
Even Gideon, the general, could not hold him back. Who else would have the courage to step forward?
“Help! Someone help me!”
Dylan was frightened and panickedly shouted for help.
Fear was evident on his face. Deep down, he knew he’d die once Dustin dragged him out.
A clear and delicate female voice sounded from the door as Dylan fell into despair.
“The Scarlet Warrior is here!”
###Chapter 1062 by Marina Vittori
“The Scarlet Warrior is heral” When the clear female voice sounded, everyone suddenly fell silent. Instinctively, all of them turned and looked at the entrance. Their eyes fixed on the door .
Soon, a woman dressed in red walked in casually, holding a viridescent sword. The woman had short silver hair. Her beauty was truly breathtaking.
Every move of hers exuded an air of confidence. She looked imposing and dignified at the same time.
Especially her eyes, her gaze was cold and arrogant. It seemed like she was looking down on everyone.
The woman appeared like a higher being without regard for all living things. She was none other than the Scarlet Warrior, the most formidable Goddess of War in Dragonmarsh,
After a brief silence, the crowd burst into shouts of excitement.
“The Scarlet Warrior! It really is the Scarlet Warrior!”
“Oh my gosh! I didn’t expect the Scarlet Warrior to come. What an amazing day!”
“It is said that not only is the Scarlet Warrior stunning, but also graceful. Now that I’m looking at
her, she lives up to her reputation!”
“She’s so beautiful and impressive! It’s no wonder she’s the most formidable Goddess of War in
Dragonmarsh!”
The crowd looked on as Scarlet approached them. They were astonished and excited.
Never in their wildest dreams did they imagine seeing the famous Scarlet Warrior there.
After all, she was a prominent figure in Dragonmarsh.
Scarlet was also the Goddess in the hearts of millions–the only person with the power to control
everything.
Moreover, almost every woman looked up to her. She was their idol, too.
1/3
In the past, they could only glimpse the Scarlet Warrior’s magnificence on television.
But at that moment, they looked at her with their own eyes. Everyone thought it was an honor to see her.
Right then, no one dared to behave rashly. Everyone stood rooted to their spots in silence.
While the crowd was in awe and feeling nervous, they were also curious.
After all, a big shot like the Scarlet Warrior rarely appeared in public. Most of the time, she stayed at the border.
Why did she appear suddenly?
The people could not help but wonder who had the influence to invite the Scarlet Warrior.
“This is great! Even the Goddess of War is here! She can save my son!” Jacob exclaimed.
His initial shock was replaced with excitement. Jacob looked like he had seen a savior.
“Dylan is indeed the most outstanding person in his family! Even the Scarlet Warrior values him. He’ll surely achieve success soon!”
“Harmon family has shown that kid our greatness!”
Under Trent’s lead, members of the Harmon family started cheering. They were extremely excited.
To them, the appearance of Scarlet was the same as seeing the stairway to heaven. All they needed to do was to climb it. Then, they would achieve success.
“Hey punk, the Scarlet Warrior is here. You’re dead!” Trent mocked.
His gaze fell on Dustin as he sneered. Trent looked at the latter like he was looking at a dead man.
“Hmph! It doesn’t matter if you’re a grandmaster martial artist now. Before the Scarlet Warrior, your life is just hanging by a thread!” Kate commented while crossing her arms.
Her gaze on Dustin was cold and filled with arrogance.
Jacob said, “Rhys, you should have taken the opportunity when we gave you the chance earlier!
It’s too late for regrets now!”
His spirits lifted, and he appeared refreshed.
“There’ll always be someone greater out there. There’s no way this kid can turn things around now,
“Quinton commented.
He sighed, feeling relief to see Scarlet.
Leah smirked at the scene. “Hmph! I’d like to see how you’re going to survive now.”
Dylan jeered, too. “Hahaha! Dustin, oh, Dustin. Right now, it doesn’t matter if you’re the leader of
the Kirin Gang or a grandmaster martial artist.
“The Goddess of War is here. So, even with incredible abilities, you’ll still be a dead man! You want
to kill me? In your dreams!”
Dylan laughed manically. He was arrogant.
Just moments ago, he fell into despair. However, he felt hopeful after Scarlet showed up.
Dustin’s capabilities were indeed impressive. His title as a young grandmaster was intimidating
as well.
But his qualifications could not compare to Scarlet’s.
As the most formidable Goddess of War in Dragonmarsh, she excelled in leading troops into
battles.
Besides, her skills were terrifying, too. She was the best among her peers in the whole of
Dragonmarsh.
Rumors had it that Scarlet was only 18 when she became a grandmaster martial artist.
She had many years of battlefield experience and had gone through numerous challenges. In
those years, Scarlet had killed more than five grandmasters.
And now, she was a mighty figure of the martial world.
In the presence of such a strong existence, who could stand in her way?
###Chapter 1063 by Marina Vittori
“This guy is done for! The situation escalated to the point that the Scarlet Warrior came. His life is about to become a living hell!”
“All I can say is that he’s very unlucky. It just so happened that he ran into his greatest enemy. There’s nowhere for him to run now.” 
“I guess it’s his honor to die in the hands of the Scarlet Warrior.”
Many people’s gazes fell on Dustin as they gossiped. Some pitied him, while some took pleasure in his misfortune. Some looked at the scene sorrowfully .
Scarlet was the commander of the Dark Panther Cavalry. Meanwhile, Dylan was a high–ranking commander.
So, everyone naturally believed that Scarlet came to save Dylan.
Dustin was indeed formidable. However, he could never go against Scarlet.
That was an undeniable fact. There were no reasons or logic to explain it.
It was simply because she was Scarlet. After all, she was an undefeatable legend.
“My Lady! What brings you here?” After collecting himself, Gideon was the first one to greet her.
He was happy to see her. But he was also confused that she was here.
Gideon had heard something happen in Oakvale that required Scarlet’s immediate attention.
So, why was she here?
“General Zink, what’s going on here? What’s with the tense atmosphere?” Scarlet questioned coldly.
Gideon answered respectfully, “My Lady, I was invited to attend a banquet today. However, halfway through, someone caused a disturbance
“He even resorted to violence and held me hostage. Fortunately, you arrived just in time. Otherwise, I can’t imagine the aftermath.”
“Is that so? Who held you hostage?” Scarlet asked again. Her expression remained the same.
“It’s that punk!” Gideon replied while pointing at Dustin.
His tone carried a hint of resentment.
“Hmm?” Scarlet looked in the direction Gideon pointed.
When she saw Dustin, she was pleasantly surprised.
She had just arrived in Millsburg. Initially, she planned to look for Dustin immediately upon arrival.
But Scarlet made a last–minute detour after her subordinates told her about the incident. She didn’t expect to get lucky and meet Dustin there.
Could this be fate? 
Meanwhile, Gideon did not stop complaining. “My Lady, this guy held me hostage! He was also about to commit a crime in public!”
“Save me, My Lady! Please save me!” Dylan yelled as he struggled to free himself.
He crawled over to Scarlet’s feet when he managed to break free. He cried uncontrollably and started expressing his grievances. “I’m a high–ranking commander of Dark Panther Cavalry and your subordinate.” 
Tears streamed down Dylan’s face as he sobbed. “This guy thinks he could act high and mighty because he has some authority. He’s arrogant and overbearing!
“Not only did he pick on innocent people, but he also threatened to kill me! He’s lawless! My Lady, you must stand up for me!”
Dylan knocked his head on the ground several times when he finished speaking. His crying made his story sound believable.
But Scarlet asked instead, “Why does he want to kill you?”
“What?” Dylan was momentarily stunned.
It took him some time to process the question.
He thought Scarlet would help him at this point. That was why he could not quite grasp her question.
“Did you not hear what I said? Why does he want to kill you?” Scarlet asked again with a cold
expression.
“II” Dylan was at a loss for words.
Then Dustin spoke up straightforwardly, “Let me speak for him then. He hired an assassin and caused harm to the innocent. He’s also an accomplice.
“He has crossed the line, so I want his life.”
Upon hearing his words, Dylan’s expression turned grim. “Nonsense! I haven’t done anything! Don’t try to accuse me!”
“So, you’re the one who made a mistake?” Scarlet questioned.
At that point, her gaze was downright frightening.
“My Lady, please don’t listen to him! He’s spouting nonsense!” Dylan began to make excuses.
“I’m a member of Dark Panther Calvary and have always followed the rules. How is it possible that
I commit such evil/acts?
“Besides, I’m your subordinate. I’ve always followed your guidance. I swear on my life that I’ve not violated any laws!
“If I’m not telling the truth, I shall face immediate consequences! My Lady, would you rather believe a stranger’s words over mine?
“If you truly think I’m lying, I’ll show my unwavering determination even at the cost of my life!”
Dylan declared, looking sincere as he spoke. In the eyes of others, he appeared distressed and heroi?.
He had acted with so much passion that he almost moved himself to tears.
Dylan thought that his act was convincing enough. He was sure that he had gotten Scarlet right where he wanted.
“So, you’ll show your unwavering determination even at the cost of your life? Alright, I’ll fulfill your wish.”
After saying that, Scarlet immediately drew her viridescent sword. With just a single strike, she, beheaded Dylan.
###Chapter 1064 by Marina Vittori
Suddenly, Dylan’s head dropped to the ground with a thud and rolled to a stop.
His eyes were still wide in disbelief, his face filled with shock.
Till his death, Dylan never expected that Scarlet would kill him.
She was supposed to be his savior. However, she turned out to be the reason for his death.
“W–what?” The sudden turn of events shocked everyone.
They gasped as they looked at Dylan’s severed head on the ground. They looked as if they had seen a ghost They couldn’t comprehend what was happening.
As the commander of Dark Panther Cavalry, wasn’t the Scarlet Warrior supposed to help Dylan?
Why did she kill him instead?
Did she make a mistake?
“H–he’s dead?” Trent stuttered, his eyes wide. He was frozen in shock.
Kate was terrified at the sight of Dylan’s lifeless body. She could not believe Scarlet actually killed, Dylan. “How did it turn out like this? Why would the Scarlet Warrior kill Dylan?”
“T–that’s impossible…” Jacob muttered as he stood there dumbfounded. He couldn’t wrap his head around the situation.
He even thought he was seeing things. Otherwise, how could such a bizarre situation happen?
At that moment, everyone was in a frenzy.
The situation was completely unexpected. When they saw Scarlet, they thought Dustin would be
in serious trouble.
Who would have thought that Dylan would be the one dead instead?
The whole time, Scarlet gave no reasons or excuses for her actions. She did not even hesitate.
She had beheaded him in a single strike. It happened so quickly that it looked like she was killing an enemy rather than a subordinate.
Everyone couldn’t comprehend what was going on.
Could she have killed him just because of what he said?
Wasn’t that unreasonable?
“My Lady, w–what are you doing?” Gideon, who stood nearby, stuttered out. He trembled
Coincidentally, Dylan’s severed head had rolled to his feet.
The unsettling sight of Dylan’s lifeless eyes sent shivers down Gideon’s spine.
“I’m getting rid of potential threats, What else would I be doing?” Scarlet answered.
She swung her sword to flick the blood off and then sheathed it.
“Eliminating potential threats?” The corner of Gideon’s lips twitched.
He asked carefully, “My Lady, is there some sort of misunderstanding? Dylan is a high–ranking commander of the Dark Panther Cavalry.
“He has integrity and outstanding capabilities. It looks like he hasn’t committed any grave mistake. I think it’s not right to kill him just like that. Don’t you think so?”
After all, there must be a reason why a person would kill another. Scarlet did not even ask anything before killing him.
ythi
No one could accept an outcome like that..
“What’s the matter? Are you teaching me how to deal with matters like this?” Scarlet retorted, shifting her cold gaze at Gideon.
Gideon was startled and shuddered with fear. He hurriedly explained, “I wouldn’t dare to, My Lady I just think that his mistake was not severe enough. He didn’t deserve to die.”
“Didn’t you hear what he did? He hired an assassin and caused harm to the innocent. Shouldn’t he die?” Scarlet calmly replied.
Gideon gathered his courage and argued, “Everything that guy said is just his side of the story.
That’s insufficient as evidence.”
“I believe him. For me, that’s enough,” Scarlet stated firmly.
“What?” Gideon was taken aback. It took him a while to react.
How was that an explanation? Wasn’t that a shallow response?
“Gideon Zink, you’ve failed to keep your subordinate in check as a general. You even accept his
violent actions.
“In this case, you’re guilty of neglecting your duty. So, you’ll be demoted by one rank after we
return.
“Moreover, you must reflect in isolation for three months,”
After hearing what she said, Gideon was shocked and tried to save himself, “My Lady, I-!”
Scarlet interrupted him with a raise of hand. “One more word from you, and I’ll assign you to kitchen duty.” 
Gideon immediately fell silent. He dared not say anything more.
He looked extremely distressed.
If Gideon had known this was coming, he would not have spoken up for Dylan.
After everything he said, he did not gain anything. To make things worse, he received a demotion instead.
Who the hell was he supposed to argue his case with now?
###Chapter 1065 by Marina Vittori
“Arrest all those who caused a disturbance today. Conduct a thorough investigation, too!” Scarlet ordered and signaled the Dark Panther Cavalry.
They followed her orders and seized every member of the Harmon family.
Once again, the crowd was bewildered by Scarlet’s decision. They couldn’t understand what was happening.
Weren’t Dustin and Kirin Gang the ones who caused a disturbance? Why did Scarlet arrest the Harmon family? 
She did not apprehend the attackers, Instead, she ordered Dark Panther Cavalry to capture the victims.
What was going on? Why was the situation getting even more out of hand?
Trent was momentarily stunned. After returning to his senses, he cried in distress, “My Lady, we’re innocent!”
“My Lady, we didn’t do anything! Why are you arresting us?” Kate hurriedly asked. She was shocked and scared as well.
“Yes, My Lady! We’re innocent! If you want to arrest someone, it should be Dustin!”
The members of the Harmon family started crying out, one after another. They were all panicking.
This situation was different from what they expected.
They had not done anything wrong. Yet, Scarlet was arresting them.
“I’ll investigate each one of you. Then we’ll know if you’re guilty or not.
“The truth will be known then. Take them all away!” 
She could not be bothered to waste another second talking to them. With that, her subordinates
forcibly took them away.
-Anyone who dared to offend Logan would have to pay the price.
“This is injustice! We’re innocent!”
The Dark Panther Cavalry seized the Harmon family members despite their wailing and crying.
The Grants, the Hill family, and the other guests could only watch. No one dared to speak up for
them.
With Scarlet’s authority, anyone who tried to help the Harmons would also be arrested.
They could only leave it to fate for what would happen to the Harmon family.
Scarlet scanned the surroundings and spoke again. “Anyone who’s not involved, leave now!”
“Let’s go. Hurry!” With that, the crowd didn’t hesitate and hurriedly ran away.
“Fuck! That guy got lucky! He managed to dodge a bullet again!”
Among the crowd, Torben stared at Dustin, his gaze fierce. His face clearly showed resentment.
“Don’t worry, we’ll find a chance to get back at him. One day, I’ll avenge your father,” Summer said while patting his nephew’s shoulder.
Summer left with the group from the Hills. He still had a hidden plan up his sleeve.
Summer was ready to deal with Dustin. But Scarlet’s appearance disrupted his plan.
So, Summer could only retreat for now and plan later.
“Quick! Let’s go back and inform Mr. Grant!”
J
The lupine guards‘ leaders exchanged glances. Then, they left, too.
Within a few minutes, the initially bustling Harmon residence was now quiet.
Right then, only two groups of people remained. Dustin led one group, while Scarlet was in charge of the other.
“Logan!” Scarlet called out.
The moment everyone left, she immediately dropped her cold front. She happily approached Dustin, looking like his fangirl.
Dragonmarsh’s Goddess of War was usually aloof, decisive, and ruthless. Yet, at that moment, she appeared lively, gentle, and obedient.
But of course, Scarlet was only like that toward Dustin.
He smiled faintly. “Hey, kid! You’re back so soon. Have you settled everything in Oakvale?”
As he said that, he affectionately patted her head out of habit.
Dustin’s simple action left Gideon completely dumbfounded. He stared at them in shock and wondered what was going on.
Was his eyes playing tricks on him?
Gideon could not believe someone would dare pat the Scarlet Warrior’s head.
Most importantly, she was not angry. She even seemed happy about it.
After all, even Adam, the God of War, was not treated this way.
So, who exactly was this guy? 
###Chapter 1066 by Marina Vittori
At that moment, Gideon was unsettled. He could see that Scarlet and Dustin had known each other for a long time. Moreover, they were pretty close.
In fact, they were closer than he thought. After all, Scarlet was known for being ruthless and decisive on the battlefield. She had always been that way since she was 18.
She would always keep everyone at a distance, too. No one had seen her smile before, be it her family, friends, or subordinates. Right then, Scarlet was not just smiling. She was grinning.
It was as if she had become a completely different person. Her current behavior was the opposite of her usual cold and aloof self.
Gideon wondered if Scarlet had hit her head. Otherwise, why was she smiling?
He even considered the possibility that Dustin had cast a spell to enchant her. “Yup, I’ve sorted out the situation in Oakvale. We’ve killed several scapegoats as a warning. This should keep things quiet for a while,” Scarlet answered truthfully.
Dustin nodded with a smile. “That’s good to hear. Since you’ve just arrived in Millsburg, have you eaten?”
“No,” Scarlet replied while shaking her head.
“Let’s go eat then! We can chat while eating.”
“Okay!” Scarlet agreed.
As Gideon watched them leave, a whirlwind of emotions surged within him. Since when did Scarlet become such a gentle person?
“Georgia!” Unable to contain his curiosity, he grabbed Scarlet’s assistant general. Georgia frowned. “What is it?”
“Who’s that kid? Why is he so close to Lady Scarlet?” Gideon asked. “Why are you so nosy? Don’t ask questions you shouldn’t.” With that, Georgia rolled her eyes and left. Gideon was left standing awkwardly. He turned to another assistant general. “Bridget?”
However, Bridget was even more blunt. She clearly did not want to engage in a conversation with him. She just snorted and walked away. Gideon gulped nervously. Instantly, he felt anxious.
He wasn’t sure if he had offended a prominent figure. Meanwhile, in the Grants’ mansion, Tyler’s trusted subordinate reported the situation to him.
“What? The entire Harmon family got arrested?” Tyler couldn’t hide his surprise after hearing that. “What happened? Isn’t today the day Trent ascended as the family head? Why were they arrested?”
“We’re not sure of the specific details. But I heard it was a direct order from the Scarlet Warrior,” his trusted subordinate reported with their head lowered. Tyler frowned. “Scarlet Spanner? Why is she here?”
In the whole of Dragonmarsh, Tyler feared few people. However, Scarlet happened to be one of them. He had to admit that she was better than him in various aspects.
“But this time, Scarlet traveled light. It doesn’t look like she’s on official duty. The Harmon family may have offended her,” Tyler’s subordinate said.
“A bunch of thrash! Of all the people to offend, they had to offend that woman. They’re truly idiots!” Tyler sneered. Then his subordinate asked cautiously, “Mr. Grant, shall we use our connections to save them?”
“There’s no need to offend her because of this foolish bunch. Let them fend for themselves,” Tyler answered coldly.
After all, Trent and the others were just his pawns. If they did not serve their purpose, it would be best to cut them off.
“Mr. Grant, how will we get the treasure map without the puppets?” Tyler’s subordinate asked again.
###Chapter 1067 by Marina Vittori
“We can’t count on Trent anymore. So, we have to find another way now.”
Tyler pondered for a moment. “Find a few scapegoats and have them work on behalf of Trent. Remember, don’t expose our identities.”
“Yes, sir!” his subordinate replied and left hurriedly.
“Hopefully, there won’t be any more mistakes this time,” Tyler muttered as he narrowed his eyes.
If it weren’t for Natasha’s grandfather, Tyler would not be so cautious.
He was indeed troublesome. Otherwise, Tyler would have taken action himself.
It was lunchtime. Dustin and Scarlet sat at a table by the window at Roseate Restaurant.
They happily chatted while enjoying their meal.
Halfway through, Scarlet suddenly asked solemnly, “Logan, should I kill everyone who offended you?”
Upon hearing her words, Dustin did know whether to laugh or cry. “Their offense doesn’t deserve a death penalty.
“Let them suffer a little will do. So, I suggest locking them up for a few days.”
An eye for an eye. Dylan deserved to die because he crossed the line.
Even though the rest of the Harmon family was guilty, they did not deserve to die.
But of course, the main reason was that Dustin had to consider Natasha’s feelings. No matter what
happened, they were still her relatives.
If Scarlet killed them all, how should Dustin get along with Natasha in the future?
Scarlet nodded. “Okay, I’ll spare their lives then.”
As long as Dustin was happy, she did not mind killing a few people.
Suddenly, Scarlet asked, “Oh, by the way, your birthday is coming up in a few days, right?”
“Yes, it is. I almost forgot about it if you hadn’t mentioned it.” Dustin recalled instantly.
He had never cared about his birthday.
In the past years, he would simply have a meal and some drinks. Sometimes, he would get a
birthday cake if he felt like it.
Dustin’s birthday celebrations had always been simple.
“How do you plan to celebrate your birthday this year?” Scarlet was curious.
Dustin replied calmly, “Most likely have a meal. Oh, and I’ll buy myself a cake.”
“A simple celebration? No way!”
Scarlet frowned and turned serious. “We should have a grand celebration! This time, I’ll host an impressive birthday banquet for you!”
“There’s no need for that. Celebrating it as usual is fine for me.” Dustin declined her offer.
But she insisted, “Back then, your birthday had always been a lively event. This year shouldn’t be an exception.
He shook his head. “Well, things have changed. The past is the past.
“Kid, I appreciate the thought. But let’s skip the birthday banquet. I prefer to keep a low profile.”
“Alright then! Since you don’t like it, we won’t have a birthday banquet.” Seeing that Dustin was persistent, Scarlet stopped forcing him.
But she compromised and said, “But it shouldn’t be a problem if I invite some friends to celebrate, right?”
“Of course.” Dustin nodded with a smile.
Scarlet broke into a smile. “It’s settled then!”
The atmosphere was pleasant as they chatted while eating. After they had eaten their fill, they were satisfied.
Suddenly, Dustin’s phone rang. It was Samuel calling.
1
1
“Mr. Rhys, I have a piece of good news and bad news. Which one would you like to hear first?”
asked Samuel.
Dustin answered, “Bad news.”
“The bad news is that someone placed a bounty on you on the Bounty League yesterday. And the reward amount is a staggering 100 billion dollars,” Samuel responded.
Dustin raised an eyebrow at that. “Oh? Who is it?”
The last person who placed a reward on him was Edwin. It was not until after Dustin killed Edwin that the bounty was automatically lifted.
Samuel quickly clarified that he was not involved.
“Mr. Rhys, you know our rules. I can’t disclose the employer’s identity. But I can assure you that my people won’t take action.”
“Alright. Tell me the good news then.” Dustin changed the subject.
“The good news is I’ve located the Cherusia you’ve been searching for!”
###Chapter 1068 by Marina Vittori
“Cherusia?” Dustin perked up as soon as the word came out of Samuel’s mouth. His voice raised a little as he asked, “Where is it?”
After waiting anxiously for so long, he finally had a lead. This was the only missing herb. Once Dustin got his hands on Cherusia, he could refine the nine- fold Longevitum.
“To be honest, the Cherusia is at the Murray residence.”
Samuel explained, “The day after tomorrow is Christopher’s birthday. Someone gave him the Cherusia as a birthday present.
“Mr. Rhys, whether you can get your hands on it depends on your abilities.”
“Okay, if the information is accurate, I’ll pay you appropriately.” Dustin was excited.
He finally had a lead on where the Cherusia was. No matter how much it cost, Dustin was determined to get it.
“There’s no need for a reward. Let’s go with what we agreed on previously. You owe me a favor now, Mr. Rhys.
“So, if I encounter any trouble in the future, I hope you’ll help me.”
“As long as it doesn’t go against my principles, I’d happily help!” Dustin agreed without hesitation,
“Haha! You’re indeed a kind–hearted person, Mr. Rhys. I wish you good luck!”
After a brief exchange, the call ended.
Dustin rose to his feet and was ready to leave. “Kid, I’ve some matters to attend to. You should return to Fallonge estate first. I’ll go find you another day.”
“Are you in trouble, Logan? Do you need any help?” Scarlet asked curiously
“It’s okay. I can handle it. Be a good girl now and head back first,” Dustin said while gently patting her head.
Then he waved goodbye to Scarlet.
After leaving Roseate Restaurant, Dustin prepared an expensive gift first. Then, he rushed to the Murray residence.
Christopher was a veteran general. Even though he had retired, he still held a high status.
Christopher’s status within the military was no less than that of Paul in the martial arts world.
Both of them had disciples all over the world. People highly respected them, and they were influential figures.
In fact, Dustin and Christopher had crossed paths ten years ago. Moreover, they were close.
As a junior, Dustin had always thought of visiting Christopher. This was the perfect opportunity.
Other than to celebrate Christopher’s birthday, Dustin was there for the Cherusia.
Although his visit might seem sudden, Dustin could not be bothered with it.
The Cherusia was too important to him. Even if that meant he had to beg for it shamelessly, he
was willing to do so.
Half an hour later, Dustin arrived at the Murray residence.
Towering walls surrounded the residence surrounded the residence. Because of the walls, it
exuded an aura of authority and solemnness.
Dustin stood in front of the big, red gates with two majestic lion statues by its side.
Two groups of fully armed soldiers stood on each side. Every one of them stood tall and straight;
their gazes were fierce.
Dustin approached the soldiers and asked the leader, “Could you please inform General Murray
that I’d like to visit him?”
“Do you have a visiting card?” the soldier asked.
Dustin shook his head. “I came in a hurry. So, I had no time to prepare it.”
“I’m afraid I can’t let you in if you don’t have one,” the soldier rejected without hesitation.
However, Dustin refused to give up. He persisted, “Can’t you make an exception?”
“That’s the protocol. Visitors must first provide their visiting card to indicate their identity.
“You can only visit the general after we verify your identity.”
Christopher was an esteemed figure, after all. Every day, many people visited him.
If everyone were allowed to visit him, wouldn’t he be overwhelmed?
“Dustin, is that you?” Suddenly, several black cars pulled up at the entrance.
When the car door opened, Sheila was the first to get out. Behind her were a few young men and
women. It was Evan, Vivian, and some others.
Dustin had met Evan and Vivian before, so he recognized them.
Sheila ran up to Dustin, looking surprised.
“Dustin, why are you here?” she asked.
###Chapter 1069 by Marina Vittori
“Oh, I’m here to visit General Murray,” Dustin answered with a smile. Vivian looked at him disdainfully and commented, “Hmph! What a suck-up!”
Ever since the band-aid incident, she had a grudge against Dustin. But she had to admit that he was pretty skilled. That was because Vivian found out she had lung cancer after being shot and hospitalized.
Fortunately, they detected the cancer in time. With Vivian’s family’s wealth, she got the best treatments, and her condition stabilized.
Meanwhile, Sheila’s attention was on Dustin. “My grandfather has gone out to attend to some matters. He won’t be back for a while. “Why don’t you come in for coffee first? I have some questions to ask you, too.”
Without waiting for Dustin’s response, Sheila immediately dragged him into the Murray residence. She finally got the chance to get close to him. So, Sheila would not let him go.
“Sheila, didn’t we agree to practice horseback riding?” Vivian reminded. “Oh, you’re right! I got so excited that I forgot about it.”
Sheila looked at Dustin and asked cautiously, “Dustin, there’s a horse ranch at the hill behind my house. Why don’t you hang out with us while waiting for him?
“When my grandfather returns, I’ll take you you?” to meet him. Is that fine with “Sure.” Dustin nodded in response. After all, he did not want to ruin her mood.
“That’s great. Come on! Let’s go!” Sheila exclaimed, grinning from ear to ear. She turned around and led the group to the hill at the back of the Murray residence.
“Evan, just look at how happy Sheila is. It seems like she’s interested in this man. You better be careful,” Vivian lowered her voice and warned Evan.
Evan looked at Dustin with contempt. He sneered, “Hmph! He’s just a martial artist without power or status. He’s not worthy of Sheila!
“Even if she likes him, the Murray family would never agree. It’s because they’re from different worlds. “No matter how hard he tries, he’ll never get into our social circle.”
“That’s true.” Vivian nodded noncommittally. She knew Dustin’s martial arts skills were impressive. He also possessed some knowledge in the field of medicine.
But these two expertise alone were not enough. Sheila was Christopher’s beloved granddaughter. So, there were three criteria her future husband must meet.
First, he must come from an influential family. Secondly, he has to be full of potential. And lastly, he must have exceptional skills. Dustin was just an ordinary person. So, he did not meet those criteria.
The Murray residence was huge. Within a ten-mile radius, there were mountains and rivers. Everything in that area was theirs..
The group walked for over ten minutes. Finally, they arrived at the private horse ranch. It was located at the foot of the hill.
There were over a hundred horses on the horse ranch. Moreover, most of the horses were of high-quality breeds. Anyone from the Murray family could train or race horses there. Some talented youngsters of the family would also have the privilege of being paired with valuable horses.
Sheila was familiar with the surroundings. She called over the stable manager and led everyone into the stable. They were getting ready to choose which horse they would ride.
The stable was large and had numerous stalls with horses. Since the workers cleaned the stable regularly, it was spotless. They could even smell a hint of grassy and woody aroma.
“Dustin, what do you think of this horse?” Sheila asked as she led him to a white horse. The white horse was around five feet tall. It had a well-rounded and graceful body with a slender neck and limbs. It also had a shiny coat.
The horse moved with a light, elegant gait. It looked majestic. “Not bad. It’s truly a fine horse,” Dustin nodded with admiration.
“Hehe! This is Gale, and he’s my ride. Whenever I’m free, I’ll come by to visit him.” As Sheila spoke, she reached out to stroke the horse’s face. “Dustin, don’t underestimate Gale. He’s a prized horse.”
“Every time my family hosts horse races, Gale never loses. He’s always the champion!” Shelia’s eyes lit up. As soon as Sheila said that, a voice came from the stable entrance.
“Never loses? Well, today, I’ll be the winner!”
###Chapter 1070 by Marina Vittori
“What?” The group turned to look in the direction of the voice. They saw a group of young men and women. The group strolled into the stable leisurely.
A woman led the group. She wore a black vest and black riding boots. She was beautiful and had a slender figure. But she looked arrogant, giving off a high and mighty vibe. As they entered the stable, she held a black horse by the reins. It had a shiny coat and was magnificent.
“Roxanne?” Sheila frowned at the sight of the woman. Roxanne Murray was her cousin, and she always liked to challenge Sheila. Roxanne had become more daring after Caden stepped down as head of the family.
Roxanne would look for trouble every day, annoying Sheila very much. “Sheila, I can’t stop laughing when I heard you brag about Gale. He never loses?” Roxanne mocked.
She did not hold back and continued to poke fun at Sheila. “Come on, you only won in previous years because everyone lets you. “Did you think you’re that good? Don’t be ridiculous!”
Upon hearing her words, Sheila’s expression darkened. It was obvious that she was annoyed. “You’re spouting nonsense!” Sheila snapped.
“Hmph! If you don’t believe it, let’s race then! We’ll see if Gale or Midnight Shadow is better,” Roxanne taunted. Back then, everyone favored Sheila.
After all. her father was the head of the Murray family. So, everyone treated Sheila with respect. But things were different now.
Roxanne’s father was the new head of the family. So she could do whatever she wanted. Sheila lifted her head and answered confidently, “Bring it on! Do you think I’m scared of you?”
She had been practicing horseback riding since she was young. With Gale by her side, Sheila was not afraid of a challenge.
“Great!” Roxanne’s eyes lit up at that.
“But simply winning a race isn’t satisfying. Let’s have a little bet?”
“What are we betting on?” Sheila countered. Roxanne grinned slyly. “It’s simple. Let’s bet our prized horses. Whoever loses has to give up their horse.”
“Our horses?” Sheila was hesitant upon hearing that. If they were betting money or valuables, she would agree in a heartbeat. But Gale was her beloved horse. Sheila needed to think about it.
After all, she had spent six years with Gale. He was already a friend to her. So, of course, she was reluctant to part with Gale.
“What’s wrong? Are you scared?” Roxanne provoked. “If you’re afraid, then stop bragging! Otherwise, you’re just embarrassing yourself!”
“You-!” Sheila was furious.
She gritted her teeth. “Fine! Let’s do it! I refuse to believe that I’ll lose to you!” “It’s a deal! I hope you won’t regret it!’ Roxanne sneered. “What’s all the commotion about?”
Right then, three more people walked into the stable. It was a man with two women. The man had a distinguished appearance. He was tall and had a commanding aura. He also resembled Roxanne.
The two women with him had stunning looks and a beautiful figure. “What?” Dustin raised his brows in surprise when he saw the trio.
That was because the two women were none other than Dahlia and Elena. As Dustin’s gaze swept over them, Dahlia’s eyes happened to meet his.
They made direct eye contact, but neither of them spoke. Dahlia frowned as she looked at him weirdly. She did not expect to bump into this insurance agent again.
Elena stood next to her but did not notice Dustin’s presence. Her gaze was fixed on the white horse, Gale. She looked interested in it.
As a horse enthusiast, Elena was captivated by such a valuable and majestic horse. “Jayden, you’re here!” At the sight of Jayden, Roxanne smiled.
“Sheila and I just made a bet on a horse race. We betted our respective prized horses. What do you think?” “Oh, a horse race?” Jayden’s eyes shone with delight. “Since you’re both so excited about it, I’ll be the judge.”
“Sure!” Roxanne agreed without hesitation, Jayden turned to look at Sheila and asked, “What do you think, Sheila?”
“You’ve always been fair, Jayden. So it’s not a problem.” Sheila nodded. “Great! You both get ready then,” Jayden smiled.
“Remember, friendship comes first. The competition is secondary. Let’s not ruin our relationship, okay?”
###Chapter 1071 by Marina Vittori
The two women glared at each other. They did not take Jayden’s words seriously. Sheila and Roxanne saddled up their horses. After putting on the gears, they led their horses to the racetrack.
One horse was black, while the other was white. Both were the complete opposite. Sheila’s and Roxanne’s friends stood on either side, facing each other.
“All the best, Sheila! I know you can win this!” Vivian cheered from the sidelines. Evan was confident, too. “Gale is a seasoned champion. He can’t be compared to any other horses!”
“You’re right! As long as he performs as usual, he can win this!” the others said. Dustin remained silent the whole time. He was actually quietly judging the horses. He could see that Gale was indeed superior to Midnight Shadow.
But of course, the rider’s skill needed to be considered, too. Sheila had years of experience. As long as she made no mistakes, her chances of winning were high. On the other side, Elena asked excitedly, “Dahlia, which of these two horses do you think will run faster?”
“I don’t know much about horses, so I can’t tell,” Dahlia answered, shaking her head. She had gone to the horse ranch for two reasons. One was for fun, and the other was to talk business with Jayden. Watching the horserace was purely for entertainment.
“It’s okay if you can’t tell. Just make a guess,” Elena replied with a smile. “I’m guessing the black horse, then,” Dahlia said casually. In an instant, Elena felt competitive. ” Okay! I guess the white horse will win!”
Both horses were great. But Elena preferred Gale simply because he was more beautiful. Then, both Sheila and Roxanne had gotten on their horses. They rode to the starting point and were ready for the race to start.
Jayden approached Roxanne and smoothed Midnight Shadow’s mane. Roxanne, Midnight Shadow is an aggressive horse. “Be careful when you ride.”
“Got it!” Roxanne responded. “The same goes for you, Sheila. Be careful. Remember, friendship comes first, and competition is secondary.”
Jayden turned to Sheila and patted Gale. Although it was a simple action, Dustin frowned at seeing that. Sheila nodded. “Thank you for your concern, Jayden.”
“Alright, let’s stop talking. Are you girls ready?” Jayden stepped away from the horses. After seeing them nod, he yelled, “Go!”
Sheila and Roxanne simultaneously gave their horses a nudge as soon as he yelled. In an instant, the two horses charged forward. There was almost no. difference in speed between them. The race was a 1000-meter sprint. From the start, Sheila and Roxanne pushed their horses to full speed.
The two horses ran very fast, competing with each other fiercely. Neither of them was willing to fall behind. The two riders concentrated on racing, too. They did not dare to lose focus.
As the horses galloped, their bodies moved up and down rhythmically. Everyone could see that they were demonstrating their skillful technique.
“Go, Sheila, go!” Vivian and the others shouted, excited. Their group of friends were equally thrilled. They cheered, “Come on, Roxanne! You’ve got this!” Amidst their cheering, the two horses ran even faster.
“Haha! Gale is leading!”
After covering about half the distance, Gale had slowly taken the lead. He ran ahead and left Midnight Shadow behind. At the sight of that, Vivian and the rest grew excited. As long as Sheila and Gale maintained this pace, they would definitely win this race.
“Gale can’t take it anymore. It looks like he’ll lose,” Dustin commented suddenly. With his sharp eyes, he could see that Gale’s eyes were bloodshot.
Upon hearing his words, Vivian snapped, “Excuse me, what are you talking about? Gale obviously has the upper hand. There’s no way he’ll lose.”
“Hmph! Don’t comment if you know nothing about this. Otherwise, you’re just embarrassing yourself,” Evan said, looking at Dustin with disdain.
“He’s right! It’s fine if you don’t cheer for Sheila, but how could you spout nonsense? What’s your deal?” the others chimed in. Everyone was displeased with what Dustin had said.
Right then, something happened on the racetrack. They were only 100 meters away from the finish line. But Gale let out a painful neigh.
Suddenly, his legs gave way, and he collapsed to the ground. Because of the inertia, Sheila was thrown off the horse’s back.
###Chapter 1072 by Marina Vittori
The inertia sent Sheila flying into the air. Then she landed on the grass with a loud thud. For a moment, she felt dizzy. She looked like she was in a lot of pain.
“Sheila!” The sudden turn of events shocked everyone. They hurriedly ran toward Sheila to check on her. Fortunately, she wore protective gear. Moreover, the soft grass cushioned her fall.
Thus, she suffered no serious injuries and only dislocated her shoulder. “Sheila, are you okay? Are you hurt?” Vivian asked, looking concerned. Evan was anxious. “Doctor! Someone get a doctor!”
He was worried that she had hit her head. If that were the case, it would have been bad. “Let me take a look,” Jayden said as he quickly approached Sheila. After examining her, he assured everyone, “It’s nothing serious. She dislocated her shoulder, that’s all.”
He reached out and pressed his hand on Sheila’s shoulder. Then he suddenly twisted it. A crisp sound was heard as the bone went back into place. Sheila let out a muffled groan. Her face, which was contorted with pain, gradually relaxed.
“Hahaha! I won!” After reaching the finish line, Roxanne turned her horse around. She approached Sheila with a triumphant look and looked down at the latter. “Sheila, you’re too lousy. “You’ve started horseback riding since you were a kid. I can’t believe you managed to fall off! What a joke!”
“You-!” Sheila was at a loss for words. She did not know what had just happened. How did Gale suddenly collapse as they were racing? Throughout the race, she had not sensed anything unusual.
“You have to admit defeat, Sheila. I’m taking Gale with me!” Roxanne announced triumphantly. She was delighted that she had won.
On the other hand, Sheila wore a grim expression.But unfortunately, the outcome was clear. Shelia could not take back her words in front of everyone, either.
“Sheila, you were too impulsive just now,” Jayden said with heartfelt concern. “Winning or losing doesn’t matter. Your safety is more important. I’ve reminded you earlier to be cautious.
“Look at what happened. You had a nasty fall, but luckily, it’s nothing serious. Otherwise, how am I supposed to explain this to your father?”
“I’m sorry,” Sheila replied, feeling upset. Jayden sighed long. “You really don’t understand the seriousness of this situation, don’t you?
“I’ve repeatedly said that friendship comes first, and competition is secondary. You shouldn’t have risked your safety.”
Jayden appeared to be genuinely concerned about Sheila. Suddenly, Dustin spoke up. “It’s ironic that you’re saying friendship comes first, and competition is secondary.”
“What?” Everyone turned to look at him, confused. They did not understand what Dustin meant by that. “It’s you!” Elena exclaimed in surprise, and then her expression darkened.
She had been so focused on the horserace that she did not notice Dustin. Elena could not believe she would meet her enemy again. Resentment filled her as she looked at Dustin.
“Ms. Forrest, do you know this man?” Jayden’s eyes darted between Elena and Dustin. He was puzzled upon seeing Elena’s reaction.
“Pfft! He’s merely an insurance agent. Do think he’s worth you my time?” Elena responded through gritted teeth.
She felt resentful. She could not let anyone know that Dustin had slapped her the day before. Otherwise, Elena would be embarrassing herself.
“An insurance agent?”
###Chapter 1073 by Marina Vittori
Jayden raised an eyebrow, having no idea what was happening. But he could see that Elena disliked Dustin.
“Since when did the Murray family have such low standards? How could someone like him enter our residence?” Hearing that, Sheila quickly explained, “Jayden, Dustin is my friend.”
“Friend?” Jayden sized Dustin up. “Sheila, you must know that with your status and identity, not everyone can be your friend.”
An insurance agent was part of the lower class. To Jayden, someone like Dustin was not even fit to shine his shoes.
“It’s hard to say whether I’m qualified to be her friend. But I know that although you’re Sheila’s cousin, you’re clearly not a kind person,” Dustin retorted. Roxanne glared at Dustin, scolding, How bold of you to say that! Who do you think you are?
“How could you accuse my brother? Bastards like you deserve to be beaten up!” As she spoke, she lifted her whip and was about to strike Dustin.
But Jayden raised his hand to stop her. Then he asked coldly, “You’re Dustin, right? I don’t think I’ve offended you, so why are you accusing me?”
“Accusing you?” Dustin snorted. “Don’t you know what you just did? You pretended to care about Sheila, but you secretly schemed against her. “And because of what you did, Sheila fell off her horse. Did you think no one would notice?”
“W–what nonsense are you talking about?”
Jayden’s eyes widen in panic. He could feel his heart racing. But when he realized he lost his composure, he forced himself to calm down so no one would notice. In that split second, his true character was revealed. He really was a cunning person.
“You know if I’m saying nonsense or not. Just for a horse, you harmed your cousin. Are you even human?” Dustin questioned coldly.
At that point, Jayden lost his cool and shouted, “How outrageous! Don’t blame me for beating you up for all the bullshit you’re saying!”
“You bastard! I’m ordering you to apologize to my brother now! Otherwise, you’re going to pay for this! Roxanne threatened fiercely. Elena tried to make matters worse, too..
“Mr. Murray! If I were you, I’d cut off his tongue and feed it to the dogs to release my anger!” Meanwhile, Dahlia observed from the side with indifference. She did not say a word the entire time.
“Dustin, is there a misunderstanding? Jayden has always been very kind to me. How could he possibly harm me?” Sheila was skeptical.
Ever since they were kids, Jayden had always been gentlemanly and elegant. Whenever Sheila made a mistake, he would always protect her. Sometimes, Jayden would even take the blame for her.
Although Jayden was her cousin, Sheila felt he was her biological brother. Because of this, Roxanne would often feel jealous and compete with her over everything.
“Sheila, I saw it with my own eyes. He’s the reason behind why you fell. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have lost,” Dustin declared. Roxanne was livid. “Nonsense! It was a mistake on her end! What does this have to do with my brother?”
“Hey, insurance agent, I think you’re just stirring trouble. We were all standing next to Mr. Murray earlier. “If he had done anything suspicious, do you think none of us would have noticed?” Elena remarked, looking at Dustin with disdain.
“That’s right! Mr. Murray is an honest and straightforward person. He’d never do such a despicable thing!” “You better not make false accusations!
Everyone started scolding Dustin. Even Sheila’s friends cast disapproving glances at Dustin. They could not believe he would do such a shameless thing to get attention. Everyone thought Dustin was acting like a madman, attacking anyone as he liked.
“Dustin, you must be mistaken, right? I believe Jayden isn’t that kind of person, “Sheila said while shaking her head. “You can never judge a book by its cover. You can never know what people are planning,” Dustin reminded her.
Jayden retorted, “Dustin, you claimed I’ve sabotaged her. Do you have any evidence?” “That’s right! Without any proof, you’re just making baseless claims! Show us the evidence if you can!” Roxanne shouted as she pointed her whip at Dustin.
“If you don’t have evidence, then you’re spouting nonsense! I’ll cut off your tongue to teach you a lesson!”
“You want evidence? Fine.” With that said, Dustin walked toward Gale. He examined the horse and asked, ” Before the race started, Jayden touched Gale’s head. Everyone remembers that, right?”
“So what if we remember?” Roxanne snapped. But Dustin did not respond. He lightly traced Gale’s head with his fingers. When he touched a slight bump, Dustin pulled hard.
A black steel needle stained with blood was pulled out from Gale. Dustin held the needle up for everyone to see. “There! That’s the evidence all of you wanted!”
###Chapter 1074 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Everyone exchanged glances when they saw the black needle, surprised. They had seen Dustin removing the needle from the horse’s head. There was even blood on it.
So, someone purposely inserted it into Gale’s head. “Seriously? Could this guy be telling the truth?” Everyone turned to look at Jayden, waiting for an explanation.
“Now that I’ve found the evidence, what else do you have to say?” asked Dustin. Then, he flicked the needle and sent it flying. It landed near Jayden’s feet. “What do you mean? Are you suspecting me?” Jayden frowned.
“I’ve no idea who did this. But I can swear that I haven’t done anything to harm Sheila!” Dustin replied indifferently, “Yeah, keep up with the act.
“Just moments ago, your sister admitted you were the only one who touched Gale. Who else could it be if it wasn’t you?”
“Yes, I did touch Gale. But that doesn’t mean I inserted this needle,” Jayden answered. “Perhaps someone had already inserted the needle before we arrived.”
“That’s right! Sheila has a lot of enemies, and they’re always targeting her,” Roxanne chimed in. “There have been frequent kidnappings and assassination attempts. I’m not surprised that someone would target Gale!”
Dustin scoffed. “You guys sure can give a reason for everything.” Jayden’s expression turned serious, and he turned to Shelia. “Sheila, you know me best. Do you think I’m the kind of person who would harm you?”
“Of course not. Jayden has always been very nice to me. How could he harm me? This must be a misunderstanding, “Sheila muttered while repeatedly shaking her head.
Her cousin had always been gentle and kind. Jayden had never done anything bad. Sheila did not think he was a bad person.
Jayden said coldly, “Did you hear that? Sheila and I are very close. Don’t try to stir things up between us.” “Sheila, you should always keep your guard up,” Dustin reminded.
He was not expecting to prove that Jayden was guilty with just a needle. However, Dustin hoped that Sheila would stay alert.
“Sheila! This man has ill intentions! He’s trying to ruin our relationship,” Jayden declared. “You’re better off without a friend like him!”
After listening to their argument, Sheila tried to smooth things over. Calm down, guys. It was just an accident. Let’s not let this incident ruin our friendship.”
One was her cousin, while the other was her savior. Sheila felt awkward as she was caught in between them. “Forget it. For Sheila’s sake, I won’t hold it against you this time.
“But one more word of nonsense from you, then I won’t hold back,” Jayden threatened. Dustin almost exposed him for pretending to care about Sheila. Jayden could not help but feel frustrated.
Suddenly, Vivian spoke up, “Wait a second. Since someone tampered with Gale, this race should be declared void. We can’t consider it as Sheila had lost.”
“That’s right! Under normal circumstances, Gale had a better chance of winning,” Evan and the others chimed in. Roxanne pursed her lips. “Hmph! There will always be unexpected events during a horserace.
“So, a loss is still a loss. What’s with all this nonsense?” “Let it go, Roxanne. We’re a family, after all. Our relationship is more important. Return Gale to Sheila.” Jayden spoke up as well.
“Why should I?” Roxane asked with her head tilted. “She should honor her bet! I won Gale fair and square! Why should I return him to her?”
She had been eyeing Gale for a long time. After all, it was a fine horse. After going to great lengths to obtain Gale, Roxanne was reluctant to return it.
“Roxanne, be nice. Give Gale back to Sheila. I’ll get you another fine horse in a couple of days,” Jayden tried to convince Roxanne.
“I don’t want anything else but Gale!” Roxanne was stubborn. No matter what Jayden said, she refused to budge. “Sheila, you’re a grown-up already. Are you going to back out on your asked Roxanne. words?”
“I…” Sheila was at a loss for words.
###Chapter 1075 by Marina Vittori
“Why are you so stubborn?” Jayden sighed tiredly, acting helpless. At that moment, Elena suggested. ” Since no one can reach a middle ground, how about having a rematch?
“Let’s up the stakes, and the winner gets to decide. How does that sound?” “I’m fine with that. Let’s see if Sheila dares to have a rematch.” Roxanne accepted the idea and looked at Sheila provocatively.
Jayden acted concerned for Shelia. “Sheila just hurt herself. How can she ride a horse now? Aren’t you making things difficult for her?”
“If Sheila can’t do it, someone else can replace her. She has so many friends here; any one of them can help her.”
Roxanne lifted her head arrogantly and looked at Shelia’s friends. “Hey! Which one of you has the guts to challenge me? One billion dollars for a race.
“You’ll pay if you lose, and the winner gets to take Gale.” Evan, Vivian, and the others looked at each other nervously. The stakes were high. After all, it was one billion dollars for a race.
They knew their riding skills were not as good as Sheila’s. Most importantly, Gale was injured. There was no way he could race again in a short time. There wasn’t another top-tier horse in the horse ranch that could compete against Midnight Shadow.
It did not matter who would race against Roxanne; they would end up humiliating themselves. There was no chance of winning.
“What’s the matter? There are so many of you, yet no one dares to accept the challenge. How pathetic!” Roxanne commented disdainfully. The crowd lowered their heads in embarrassment. Yet, they dared not speak up.
At the sight of that, Roxanne smirked triumphantly. “I gave you a chance, Sheila. But you can’t blame me because you’re all useless.”
“I’ll race against you!” Sheila could not bear it anymore. She stood up with gritted teeth and determined eyes. But because of her nasty fall, Sheila staggered.
She was not in the best condition to race. Suddenly, Dustin reached out and gently patted Sheila on the shoulder. “You’re injured. Let me do it.”
“Dustin, do o you know how to ride a horse?” Sheila was surprised. She did not expect Dustin to offer to race on her behalf. Dustin nodded in response. “I know a little.”
“Hmph! Come on! If you’re not good at it, don’t do it. You’ll make a fool of yourself!” Evan commented sarcastically. Vivian added scornfully, “That’s right! Even Sheila can’t handle it. “What’s the use of you racing against Roxanne? You’re just embarrassing yourself!”
“If you lose, you’ll need to pay one billion dollars. You’re just an insurance agent. Do you have that much money?” Elena mocked. The others scoffed at Dustin. “Some people just love to show off. He isn’t even aware of his capabilities.”
Dustin was merely an insurance agent. Everyone thought that he was thinking too highly of himself. How dare he tried to take part in a horse race? It was an activity that only the elites did.
“Are you confident you can do it, Dustin?” Sheila asked cautiously. Dustin smiled. “Don’t worry, I’m sure I can win back Gale for you.”
“Hmph! Are you confident? Let’s see how you’ll act when you lose!” Roxanne roared. She raised her chin and said to the stable manager, “Bring this man to the stable and let him pick a horse. Just let him choose any of the good ones.”
After hearing Roxanne’s order, the stable manager said politely, “Please follow me, sir.”
Then, he led Dustin into the stable. Not long after, Dustin came out of the stable. Everyone was shocked to see the horse he had chosen. They were astonished because Dustin had picked a pony.
###Chapter 1076 by Marina Vittori
“Am I seeing things? Dustin actually chose a pony?” “He’s not thinking of racing against a Thoroughbred like Midnight Shadow with this short-legged pony, right?”
“Oh my God! What is this guy even thinking? Is he out of his mind?” Everyone watched in shock as Dustin brought out the pony. As the name implied, a pony was a small and docile horse. They were specifically for the children or the elderly to ride.
They had short and stumpy limbs and were shorter than three feet. They were primarily used for recreational activities.
Meanwhile, Midnight Shadow stood at a towering 5 feet. It had long, muscular limbs, a well-proportioned physique, and ran like the wind. It outclassed the pony in every aspect.
With the two horses standing together, it was like comparing a fully grown adult to a three-year-old child. There was no point in comparing them since it was clear who was the winner just looking at their size alone.
“Hey, you! Are you here to make a fool of yourself? Are you going to race against me with that pony?” Roxanne mocked boldly.
She’d never seen such a foolish man in her life. Even the top-grade horses couldn’t compare to Midnight Shadow, let alone a low-grade horse like this pony.
“Where did you get the courage to challenge someone to a race when you can’t even choose a proper horse? What an idiot!” Elena laughed heartily. Who in their right mind would choose a pony? They were putting themselves at a huge disadvantage!
“Hey! Are you crazy? This is a horse for children. “Why did you choose it? Are you going for a joyride?” Vivian said in annoyance.
“I thought you had skills, but it turns out you know nothing. What an attention seeker!” Evan looked at Dustin like he was an idiot.
“Please, just admit defeat. I beg you. You might not think it’s embarrassing, but we feel embarrassed for you!” The others looked at Dustin in disdain.
A race between a pony and a Thoroughbred wasn’t a competition; it was utter humiliation. Anyone with a little common sense would never attempt such a thing. “Mr. Kugler, did you mislead him on purpose?” Sheila frowned.
“We have many fine purebred horses in the stable, yet you chose this horse for Dustin? What do you mean by this?”
“Ms. Sheila, it wasn’t me.” Kugler, the stable manager, defended. “I introduced plenty of fine horses to this gentleman, but he didn’t like any of them and insisted on this one. There was nothing I could do.”
When Dustin chose the pony, he was shocked. He tried to advise against it, but sadly, Dustin didn’t listen. “Dustin, did you make a mistake?” Sheila asked, looking puzzled.
“This pony is weak and has short legs. It can’t run fast. It’s considered a low- grade horse. Why don’t you return to the stable and choose another one?”
“No need, this horse will do.” Dustin patted the pony’s head, looking satisfied. “But you won’t be able to defeat Midnight Shadow with it.” Sheila was concerned.
If he had chosen a better horse, he would have had a chance of winning. But he would definitely lose if he raced with this pony.
“Don’t worry, I’ll win.” Dustin smiled faintly, looking confident. “You’re trying to win against Midnight Shadow with this low-grade horse? Have you lost your mind?” Roxanne mocked.
“Dustin, you’d better think this through. You’ll need to pay ten million if you lose. “Don’t make Sheila bear the cost for your stubbornness,” Jayden warned coldly.
He had thought Dustin was highly skilled, but it turned out that he was just a fool. “If I lose, I’ll cover the costs myself. There’s no need for Sheila to pay,” Dustin said bluntly.
“Hmph! You’re just an insurance agent; where would you get the money? “Elena questioned. “That’s right! Don’t try to show off when you don’t have the money. It’s embarrassing!” Vivian chimed in.
“Ten million is not a small amount. It’s an amount someone like you probably won’t earn in your lifetime.” Evan sneered in contempt. “Hey! You’re not trying to take advantage of the situation, right?” Many of them began to doubt Dustin.
Everyone was aware of Sheila’s kind- hearted nature. If Dustin couldn’t pay up after losing, she would surely step in to bear the cost. If Dustin won, he would get a valuable horse for free. He wouldn’t even have to pay a thing if he lost. What a cunning man.
“If he doesn’t have the money, I’ll cover it for him,” Dahlia, who had been observing quietly the entire time, suddenly spoke up.
###Chapter 1077 by Marina Vittori
Dahlia, the ice princess, had barely said anything from the start. Her sudden statement captured everyone’s attention.
She had always projected an unapproachable persona, discouraging anyone from getting close. That was why her unexpected show of support for Dustin was a surprise.
“Dahlia, why are you helping him?” Elena was shocked. Her actions now were clearly out of character for her usual cold personality. “I’m just curious. I want to see why he’s so confident of winning this race,” Dahlia said indifferently.
Although that was what she said, an odd sensation prickled her mind. It was like she had acted impulsively to defend this stranger. It was truly unusual.
“Since Ms. Nicholson is so interested, let’s indulge him this once,” Jayden said politely. “Out of respect for Ms. Nicholson, I’ll give you a chance to lose gracefully. Now, get on your horse!”
Roxanne mounted Midnight Shadow and looked down at Dustin in contempt. With ten million in the bag, she had no reason to refuse. She could even have some fun while she was at it.
Dustin glanced at Dahlia silently. With a swift swing of his leg, he mounted the pony. When the two horses stood side by side, Dustin’s head barely reached Roxanne’s shoulder. He was nearly two heads shorter. “Hmph! He really got on! What a fool!”
“How shameless can he get? He’s using a woman’s money to place a bet.”
The crowd whispered among themselves as they looked at Dustin in disdain. He was bound to lose, but he insisted on participating. He was just humiliating himself!
“Ready-!” Once both of them were prepared, Jayden, acting as the referee, immediately yelled, “Go!”
As soon as the signal was given, Roxanne urged her horse forward. Midnight Shadow galloped at an astonishing speed, racing like the wind.
While Dustin remained calm as he held the reins, moving forward slowly on the pony. It didn’t seem like he was taking part in a race. It looked more like he was taking a stroll. “What’s this guy up to? Why is he so slow? He should start running!”
“No matter how fast it runs, a pony would never outrun a Thoroughbred.” “He knows he’s bound to lose, so he’s deliberately putting on a boring performance.”
As the crowd watched Dustin’s leisurely ride on his pony, they didn’t hold back on criticizing him.
Some looked at Dustin in disdain and some in mockery and ridicule. But they all felt disgusted by Dustin’s behavior.
It was one thing to lose, but he was not even trying. It had turned into an attitude problem. “Dahlia, just look at how despicable this guy is!” Elena complained unhappily.
“You were kind enough to help him, and this is the attitude he shows us. He deserves to stay an insurance agent for the rest of his life!”
“Some people are just utterly useless.” Jayden smiled mockingly. Dahlia frowned but didn’t say a word. Her gaze grew cold, and she felt disappointed. “Sheila, do you see that? I told you he’s an attention seeker!” Vivian was irritated.
“Hmph! He’s not embarrassed, but we certainly feel embarrassed for him!” Evan’s expression was grim. Sheila bit her lip; she had mixed feelings. She couldn’t understand why Dustin chose to perform poorly either.
“Hey, you there, can you speed up? I can’t wait any longer!”
Halfway through the race, Roxanne glanced backward and noticed Dustin trailing far back. She stopped her horse and taunted him. Even so, Dustin remained calm. He continued riding his pony, steadily closing the gap.
“Come on! Pick up the pace!” Roxanne repeated incessantly. It felt like a cat- and-mouse game to her. Once Dustin nearly caught up, she urged her horse forward again. As she increased the gap between them, she paused again, waiting for Dustin to catch up.
She repeated this several times, toying with him. As if watching a circus, the crowd burst into laughter.
###Chapter 1078 by Marina Vittori
“Come on, come on! Keep up!
“Pick up the pace! Come on, faster!” As Roxanne rode Midnight Shadow, she paused frequently, looking back to taunt Dustin. She didn’t take Dustin seriously at all and began fooling around.
When she got bored, she even circled the pony. This frightened the pony, causing it to run even slower. “Is this even a race? It’s like she’s taking her dog out for a walk!”
“Exactly! He’s so calm even when Roxanne is toying with him. It’s embarrassing!” Roxanne’s friends openly mocked the situation. “He openly challenged Roxanne without a good horse and riding skills? What an ignorant fool!” Vivian said scornfully.
“What a clown. If this useless trash wins, I’ll eat a load of shit!” Evan scoffed. “He’s a grown man being humiliated by a woman. If I were him, I’d find myself a hole to hide in. It’s so embarrassing!” Elena mocked.
Ever since Dustin slapped her, she had been holding a grudge. Roxanne’s actions now felt like a satisfying form of revenge on her behalf.
“Ms. Nicholson, you shouldn’t have sympathized with a hopeless guy like him,” Jayden said sarcastically. “It’s just ten million. I’ll consider it paid entertainment,” Dahlia said stoically.
“Well, I guess.” Jayden shrugged. He cleared his throat and shouted, ” Roxanne, stop playing around. It’s not fun anymore. Let’s end this soon.”
“Alright!” Roxanne responded before turning to look at Dustin. “Hey, you! I’m done playing with you! You just take your precious time!”
With that, she urged Midnight Shadow forward and galloped straight for the finish line. Dustin maintained a leisurely pace throughout. It was as if he was not part of a race. When everyone thought the winner was decided, Midnight Shadow suddenly released a loud neigh and reared up on its hind legs.
Roxanne, who had been overconfident, was thrown to the ground. She ended up covered in dirt. “What happened? Did she make a mistake?”
The sudden turn of events took everyone by surprise. No one expected Roxanne to encounter an accident so close to the finish line.
“Midnight Shadow! What’s wrong with you? Why did you suddenly stop?” Roxanne struggled to get up, looking in pain and annoyed.
It caught her off guard when Midnight Shadow suddenly came to a stop. She wasn’t even holding the reins earlier. Luckily, she didn’t fall too badly. She could still get back on her feet and continue. “Oops! Took a tumble? How careless of you,” said Dustin as he approached her leisurely on his pony.
“Hmph! So what if I fell? I can still defeat you,” Roxanne retorted, glaring at him. She immediately mounted her horse.
“Is that so? Well then, good luck,” Dustin replied with a smile. He continued riding his horse at a leisurely pace.
“Midnight Shadow! Charge!” Roxanne shouted and squeezed forcefully with her legs. She attempted to pull ahead of Dustin to win the race in one final effort.
However, her command was ignored. Midnight Shadow stood still, nervously pawing at the ground. It was unwilling to move forward like a dangerous beast was before it.
“Midnight Shadow! Charge! Charge!” Seeing Dustin slowly overtake her, Roxanne grew frantic. She kicked and urged the horse forward, but Midnight Shadow remained still.
“Hey! Move!” Roxanne was furious. She took out her whip and started whipping Midnight Shadow hard. Each forceful strike left Midnight Shadow neighing in pain, but it still refused to move forward.
Under the crowd’s bewildered and disbelieving eyes, Dustin rode his pony. Calmly and leisurely, he crossed the finish line. He had hardly run the entire race, securing an easy victory.
###Chapter 1079 by Marina Vittori
It was truly unusual.
“How is this even possible? The pony outran a Thoroughbred?” “What the hell just happened? How could he have won?” “What the hell was Roxanne doing? Why didn’t she just gallop straight to the finish line? Why did she waste time?
After Dustin won, the entire scene was thrown into chaos. Everyone gaped in disbelief, finding it hard to accept.
In the beginning, they were certain that Roxanne would win. The horse race proceeded exactly as expected, with Midnight Shadow dominating the entire course.
However, no one could have predicted that at the last moment, Midnight Shadow would suddenly falter and refuse to run. What just happened?
Was it a protest? A tantrum? “We won! We won! Dustin won!” After collecting herself, Sheila beamed as she cheered and leaped for joy. She couldn’t believe that Dustin had won even after choosing a pony. It was truly astonishing!
“This guy was lucky. He won just like that.” Vivian was irritated. “What the fuck? How? How did a pony win?” Evan was jealous and couldn’t accept the outcome.
If he had known that it would be that easy, he would have competed in the race instead. That way, he would not only stand in the spotlight but also gain Sheila’s attention. He could have killed two birds with one stone!
“No way! He won the race by strolling throughout? How is that even possible? “Elena’s eyes twitched, and she was unsettled. She had been looking forward to humiliating Dustin after his defeat. Instead, he had won the race.
“That’s strange.” Dahlia looked on curiously. She found it unusual that Dustin remained calm throughout. It was as if he had already expected the outcome.
“Roxanne was too arrogant. She would have won if she finished the race sooner. She just had to toy with Dustin. She brought this upon herself.”
Jayden frowned, looking grim. If she hadn’t paused throughout the race, she would have easily won. This loss would ruin her reputation. If word spread out that her Midnight Shadow lost to a pony, how would she face the public?
“Roxanne, it seems like your Thoroughbred isn’t all that impressive, “Dustin remarked. He had a subtle sarcastic smile, looking amused. After crossing the finish line, he turned back and continued leisurely toward Roxanne on his pony.
“You-!” Roxanne gritted her teeth as she seethed in anger. Rage overtook her, and she dismounted. Taking out her whip, she struck Midnight Shadow repeatedly. She struck so hard that the sound of the whip cracking echoed loudly.
“You damned animal! I lost the race because of you! “Why did you stop? Why did you make me trail behind? I’ll beat you to death!
“You fucking beast! You’ve ruined my reputation!” Roxanne whipped continuously in anger, releasing her pent-up frustrations.
Midnight Shadow neighed endlessly and grew agitated under the relentless beating. Finally, it couldn’t take it any longer and kicked Roxanne straight in the face.
Roxanne was sent flying before crashing heavily to the ground and losing consciousness. That kick had shattered her jaw. Her teeth had also been knocked out. Blood trickled from her mouth and nose.
She was nearly disfigured. It was a horrifying sight. Midnight Shadow had taught her the true meaning of karma.
###Chapter 1080 by Marina Vittori
“Oh my God!” The crowd was shocked as they watched Roxanne fly in the air. Nobody expected Midnight Shadow to kick her. They could hear bones cracking even from afar.
“Roxanne!” Jayden screamed and rushed up to her anxiously. He turned her over and was shocked at what he saw. Her face had been disfigured till it was hard to recognize her. It was a frightening sight.
Although he had basic medical knowledge, it was limited to treating minor injuries like setting dislocated bones. There was nothing he could do about her injury. “Quick! Someone call a doctor!” When he realized the severity of the situation, Jayden started yelling.
His words snapped everyone into action. Soon, a severely injured Roxanne was carried away. Jayden’s group departed with her in a hurry. Before Jayden left, he glared at Dustin, full of hatred. “That was terrifying. She flew a few feet away. Can the doctors even save her appearance?”
“She can only blame herself. She lost, so why did she have to beat Midnight Shadow up? She brought it upon herself.” “It looks like a pony is not all that bad. At least its legs can’t reach your face.”
Sheila’s friends whispered among themselves. They had been unhappy with Roxanne from the very beginning. But they couldn’t do anything because of her status.
They felt satisfied to see her getting kicked by a horse. “Sheila, here’s Gale.” Dustin brought Gale, who he had just earned from the win, back over to Sheila.
“Thank you, Dustin! You were amazing! “Sheila smiled sweetly. She was ecstatic. She was already attached to Gale and was very happy to be reunited with her.
“Hmph! What’s so impressive about it? He was just lucky.” Evan said sarcastically. “That’s right! I would have won too if I competed!” Vivian chimed in.
“Then why didn’t you?” Dustin countered.
“I…” Vivian was rendered speechless. Why? Because she was afraid of losing, of course! Who would have thought a pony could win against a Thoroughbred? It was unbelievable!
“How did you do it?” Just then, Dahlia approached Dustin, looking at him curiously.
“Do what?” Dustin played dumb. “Didn’t you use some trick to have Midnight Shadow stall?” Dahlia inquired. She was doubtful due to Dustin’s behavior during the race. He had been too calm.
It was like he knew he would win.
“Ms. Nicholson, please don’t make assumptions. Roxanne was too confident and failed to guide Midnight Shadow well. “What does it have to do with me?” Dustin shrugged. There was no way he would admit to it.
“Really?” Dahlia glanced at Dustin. Instead of asking more, she took out a name card and handed it to him.
“You look like a talented man to me. You shouldn’t waste your talent being an insurance agent. You can come to work at my company if you’re interested.”
Everyone was surprised at her words. Evan and a few guys were jealous.
Damn it! What did this brat have to deserve the attention of the ice princess? Even Elena, a prominent individual of the Forrest family, had to flatter her.
###Chapter 1081 by Marina Vittori
“Thank you, Ms. Nicholson, but that won’t be necessary.” Dustin shook his head without taking the name card. “What?” Dahlia raised her eyebrow, surprised.
“Are you sure you don’t want to think about it?” There were only a few people who would reject her offer. Dustin not only rejected it altogether, he didn’t even hesitate.
“No, thank you. Being an insurance agent is pretty good. I won’t adapt to a corporate lifestyle.” Dustin declined again.
“Hey! Do you know how many people are dying to get into Ms. Nicholson’s company? She’s giving you a chance, don’t be ungrateful!” Elena said arrogantly.
As Sir Mosey’s goddaughter, even the aristocrats in Oakvale had to show Dahlia respect. How dare an insurance agent decline her offer? He was disrespectful!
“Why don’t you take the offer instead? I don’t need it.” Dustin glanced at her coldly. “You-!” Elena was about to retort when Dahlia raised her hand to stop her.
“Forget about it. Since he refused, I won’t force him. I’ll be off first.” Dahlia left after saying that. She wasn’t the kind of person who took the initiative to speak up, and compromising was simply out of the question. In reality, she had only extended the offer out of curiosity.
“Hmph! You’re as stubborn as a mule! You’ll regret it sooner or later!” Elena glared at Dustin before leaving with Dahlia.
“You actually refused a benefactor willing to be your mentor? I can’t tell if you’re self-aware or just an idiot,” Vivian said sarcastically.
“Great opportunities don’t come by often. You’ve missed out on a chance of becoming successful.” Evan sneered, looking at Dustin like he was a fool.
Dahlia had personally extended an invitation. While others could never receive that kind of treatment even if they begged, this brat declined repeatedly. What a fool!
“Alright, let’s not talk about that anymore. I’m getting hungry. Let’s go back and get some food.” Sheila mediated the situation.
She was happy that Dustin didn’t fall for a beautiful woman. Although she was beautiful too, she was incomparable to an exquisite beauty like Dahlia. That was why she was satisfied with the outcome.
After leaving the horse ranch, they went back to the Murray residence. However, as soon as they walked through the doors, a middle-aged man blocked their path.
The man had a muscular physique and a commanding presence. He exuded an oppressive aura just by standing there. This man was the current head of the Murrays Edgar Murray!
“Uncle Edgar?” Sheila’s smile faltered. Growing up, she had always felt intimidated by her uncle who rarely smiled or spoke.
“Where did all of you go earlier?” Edgar spoke sternly with his hands behind his back. “We went to the horse ranch, why?” Sheila responded.
“So you had something to do with Roxanne getting hurt?” Edgar questioned. “That was an accident. It had nothing to do with us.” Sheila shook her head.
“An accident?” Edgar scoffed. “Midnight Shadow is well-trained. Why would it hurt its owner? You must have done something!”
“We really didn’t, Uncle Edgar. Roxanne did it to herself,” Sheila tried to explain.
“Shut up!”
Edgar glared at her and roared, “I’m the head of this family, and I say you did it! That’s final!
“How dare you harm my daughter? You have committed a grave offense! “Apprehend all of them! Anyone who resists will be shot dead on the spot!”
Following the order, a large number of armed soldiers rushed in from both sides, surrounding the group. Right away, the atmosphere grew tense.
###Chapter 1082 by Marina Vittori
“Uncle Edgar, these are my friends! What are you doing?” Sheila was shocked and stood before her friends with her arms wide open. “Hmph! They’re nothing but a bunch of troublemakers!
“Just one look and you could tell that they’re bad influences! Now, step aside! “Edgar roared.
“No! They’re innocent! You can’t hurt them!” Sheila reasoned. “Mr. Murray, we didn’t do anything. This is a misunderstanding!” Vivian hastily explained.
“That’s right! It was an accident that Roxanne got hurt. It has nothing to do with us!” The group was panicking.
Edgar was a very decisive man and held authority within the family. It would only lead to trouble if they were to be apprehended by him. Even if they escaped death, they would probably still be tortured.
“Still trying to argue your way out? If it wasn’t for your schemes, how would Midnight Shadow have suddenly gone berserk?
“Do you think I’m stupid?” Edgar bellowed. Based on the information he received earlier, he found two aspects of the matter suspicious. Firstly, Midnight Shadow was a Thoroughbred. How could it have lost to a pony?
Secondly, Midnight Shadow was well- trained and never misbehaved. It was suspicious that it suddenly attacked its rider. “Wait! Sir Edgar, if someone is behind this, it must have been him!”
Suddenly, Evan pointed at Dustin and protested, “He was the one who competed with Roxanne. He even won! He’s the most suspicious!”
“That’s right! I found it strange at the time. Now that I think about it, this guy is indeed suspicious. “He must have planned it to harm Roxanne!” Vivian echoed. “Sir Edgar! You must apprehend him! It has nothing to do with us!” The crowd panicked.
The truth wasn’t important at a time like this. It was much more important to make sure they weren’t implicated. That way, they could avoid any punishment they were bound to receive.
“You!” Edgar’s icy gaze landed on Dustin. “Were you the one who won against my daughter in the horse race?”
“I did win. But your daughter getting hurt had nothing to do with me. She inflicted it upon herself,” Dustin answered impassively.
He did pull a few tricks to get Midnight Shadow to stall. But he never hurt anyone intentionally. Roxanne was the only one to blame for her temper. Her beatings had provoked Midnight Shadow.
“She inflicted it upon herself?” Edgar’s expression darkened. He smirked. “Bravo… Well done! It was indeed your doing!
“Men, seize this young man and subject him to severe torture!” “Yes, sir!” Four armed soldiers stepped forward with their guns, ready to apprehend Dustin.
“Stop right there! Don’t come any closer!” Sheila suddenly took out a knife and stood in front of Dustin. She yelled, “If any of you does anything, I won’t hold back!”
The four soldiers exchanged glances. They were hesitant to step forward. Sheila was Christopher’s favorite granddaughter and had a high standing within the family.
“You insolent woman!”
Edgar glared at her. “Sheila Murray! You sure are bold! How dare the culprit?” you defend “Dustin is not the culprit! You can’t just apprehend him without evidence!” Sheila tried to argue.
“Evidence? Hah! My word is evidence enough!”
Edgar asserted dominantly, “He’ll confess soon enough after a round of torture. Now, step aside!”
“No!” Sheila was stubborn. “You impudent woman!” Edgar flew into a rage and slapped her across the face. Sheila stumbled from the force of the hit. And soon, her face swelled.
“What?” Dustin frowned at what he witnessed. He never expected Edgar to be that unreasonable. How could he hit his niece without first finding out the truth?
“Move! Otherwise, I’ll take you in too!”
###Chapter 1083 by Marina Vittori
Edgar had a dark, hostile expression.
“I won’t!” Sheila bit her lips, not moving. “You-!” Edgar raised his arm, about to strike her again, when Dustin grabbed him. He said coldly, “Try that again, and I’ll break your arm!”
“You impudent bastard!”
“Let go of Sir Edgar!” The soldiers advanced toward them. Their fiery stares fixated on Dustin and their gun aimed at him.
“Stop it right there!” Suddenly, someone roared from the outside. Everyone turned to look to see a middle -aged man with a heroic appearance rush in with a beautiful lady.
It was Sheila’s parents, Caden Murray and Lily Doyle. “Edgar, what exactly did Sheila do that you have to point a gun at her?” Caden questioned coldly. He saw that slap as clear as day.
“Caden, Roxanne was harmed and is still lying at the hospital. I’m just trying to track down the culprit,” Edgar stated firmly.
“Are you implying that Shiela is the culprit?” Caden asked with narrowed eyes. “Sheila may not be the culprit, but her friends will not escape suspicion, especially this brat!” Edgar pointed at Dustin.
“It’s you.” Caden looked over and frowned. They had a prior clash over the Gozoraberry back in Swinton. And for some reason, his father had stripped him of his position as head of the family after that incident.
That was why he hated Dustin. “Do you know him, Caden?” Edgar gave Dustin the once over.
“I’ve met him once. I wouldn’t say I know him.”
Caden said passively, “Edgar, Father will be back soon. If he sees you making such a fuss, he might blame you. “If you trust me, leave this matter to me. If someone planned this, I will find the culprit and avenge Roxanne!”
As he spoke, he glanced at Dustin. Edgar hesitated for a moment before finally agreeing. “Fine, I’ll let you have your way and let them go today. But you’d better give me a proper explanation afterward.”
“No problem.” Caden nodded.
“Dismiss!” With a wave, Edgar left with his army in haste. Although he didn’t care about Caden, he had to respect his father. He didn’t dare escalate the situation.
“Lily, take Sheila and her friends to rest. I would like to speak with Dustin.” Caden signaled his wife. “Sheila, no need to worry. They’re just going to talk.” Lily smiled in reassurance before leading them out.
“Brat, what are you aiming for approaching my daughter?” After everyone left, Caden went straight to the point. “You have misunderstood. I’m just friends with Sheila,” Dustin said impassively.
“Just friends?” Caden snorted.
“If you’re just friends, why did Sheila defend you so strongly?” “Sheila has a kind personality. Is there a problem with her standing up for a friend?” Dustin countered.
“Brat, don’t think I don’t know what you’re up to.” Caden looked serious, saying, “I’ve seen many of your kind. Aren’t you just finding an opportunity to climb up the social ranks?
“Honestly, you’re not worthy! If you had any sense, you’d stay away from my daughter.
“Even though I saved you earlier, I can destroy you just as easily!”
###Chapter 1084 by Marina Vittori
“Mr. Caden, are you threatening me?” Dustin’s smile disappeared after hearing those harsh words. From the start, he had been displeased with Caden. He disliked that he was untrustworthy and never stayed faithful to his promises.
“It’s a warning if you heed my advice; It’s a threat if you don’t,” Caden admitted without reservations. “Let me repeat myself. Sheila and I are just friends; I’ve never had ulterior motives.
“It’s best that we don’t interfere in each other’s business,” Dustin stated calmly. “Brat, it seems like you still don’t get it.
“Caden’s expression was frosty. “What makes an utterly worthless character like you think that you are worthy of being friends with my daughter? Please take a look in the mirror and have a clear look at yourself.
“The Murray family is not a place for opportunistic freeloaders like yourself.”
What was once a threat had now turned into a blatant insult. “Caden Murray. Don’t be so full of yourself. You better drop your cocky attitude.” Dustin returned the sentiment.
“Hmph! You have quite the attitude for someone of your level. Do you think I can’t deal with someone like you?” An icy glint flashed through Caden’s eyes.
“You better not try anything unless you want trouble for yourself,” Dustin warned. While it wasn’t in his nature to provoke others, he would respond the same when provoked.
“You brat! No one has ever talked to me that way! Since you are so ungrateful, don’t regret when I take action!”
Caden bellowed with a grim expression, “Men, this young man harmed Roxanne and caused her to be hospitalized. The evidence is clear; seize him!”
As soon as he spoke, the armed guards standing by the door surrounded Dustin in no time. “You’re going to accuse me falsely?” Dustin frowned.
“I I gave you a chance. But you didn’t appreciate it. It’s too late now!” Caden smirked. Seeing the approaching guards, Dustin waved his hand, and silver needles shot out..
Following the sound of sharp whistles, the guards were left frozen to their spots. It was like they were petrified. “Oh?” Caden was surprised by the turn of events. “You’ve got some skills. No wonder you’re so arrogant. But it’s a pity that I’m your opponent today!”
With that, he suddenly moved, reaching out to grab Dustin. His fingers were just like iron that emanated a black glow. It was laced with deadly poison. When he extended his claw-like fingers, it was surrounded by a swirl of dark energy and carried a chilling coldness.
“What?” Dustin’s eyes widened. As he dodged, he exclaimed, “Wait! Are you practicing the Soul Devouring Technique?”
“What about it? You’re scared already?
Caden sneered.
“And I thought you had skills. You’re just a loser who bullies the weak and fears the strong!”
“For Sheila’s sake, I don’t wish to hurt you. The Soul Devouring Technique is a dark art. It not only harms you, but also the people around you.
“You’d better stop practicing it. Otherwise, you’ll die a terrible death once you go to extremes!” Dustin warned seriously.
He didn’t notice it earlier. But upon closer inspection, he can now see Caden enveloped by a deathly air. He was on the brink of death with his energy in severe imbalance.
Within three to five days, the side effects of the Soul Devouring Technique would appear. By then, there would be unimaginable consequences.
“Do you think I will believe in your nonsense? You’re just a coward spouting nonsense after realizing you can’t win!” Caden said dismissively. His cultivation had rapidly improved since he started practicing the Soul Devouring Technique, and he was now a semi-grandmaster.
No one could match his strength within the Murray family other than the eccentric old man who rarely showed himself. He was drunk on the power that he felt.
“Although the Soul Devouring Technique is powerful, it has severe side effects. This dark art drains your life force.
“If I guessed right, you have been experiencing nightmares and waking up sweaty. You feel chills running down your spine, and you are unusually thirsty in the middle of the night.
“The point is, your thirst can only be quenched by blood. The more you train in this art, the greater your bloodlust!” Dustin said darkly.
Caden was taken aback and in shock. ” How did you know that?” He never told anyone he was drinking blood. How did Dustin find out?
“Don’t forget, I’m a doctor. I saved your daughter from her strange illness.
###Chapter 1085 by Marina Vittori
Dustin said seriously, “Caden Murray, the Soul Devouring Technique is a crash course for those out of options.
“If you continue down this path, you’ll meet a violent end sooner or later!” “Nonsense! I’m stronger than ever now! I can take on a thousand-man army without fear!” Caden roared.
“Being strong is all an illusion. Right now, your body is deteriorating fast. If you continue in your foolishness, you’ll only end up harming yourself and those around you!” Dustin warned.
An instant death was considered merciful for those who practiced the Soul Devouring Technique. The real danger was if they went to extremes in training.
They would go berserk and not recognize their loved ones, killing everyone they saw. That was why the nearest and dearest to them often suffered from their madness. There might even come a day when Sheila will be killed by Caden.
“Brat! You can stop with the nonsense now. Even if you come up with the most ridiculous stories, I won’t spare you!” Caden sneered before reaching out to grab Dustin once more. Dustin’s expression darkened. He was about to retaliate when suddenly, a gunshot rang out from outside.
The noise stopped the both of them in their tracks. They turned toward the sound and saw a burly old man with white hair walk in proudly, accompanied by several subordinates. The old man had a squarish face and a bristly beard. His aura commanded respect from others.
It was an air forged through years of battle experience and sent shivers down the spine with just one glance. The old man was Christopher Murray, Dragonmarsh’s Grand General, and the kingdom’s protector.
“Dad?” Caden cooled down immediately and stood obediently, showing a respectful demeanor. “What’s going on? Aren’t you afraid of being ridiculed? Why are you fighting at the doorstep of our home?” Christopher said sternly.
“Dad, this brat harmed Roxanne. I was just about to apprehend and question him.” Caden explained with his head lowered.
“Oh?”
Christopher turned his attention to Dustin and asked, “Kid, you look familiar. What’s your name?” Dustin lowered his head respectfully. Greetings, General Murray. My name is Dustin Rhys.”
“Dustin Rhys?” Christopher’s eyes lit up, and he let out a hearty laugh.
“It’s you! No wonder you look like him. “Dad, you know him?” Caden was dumbfounded. “This kid saved Sheila. Have you forgotten already?” Christopher glanced at him in displeasure.
“It was an equal exchange. He treated her illness, and we paid him. We don’t owe him anything. “Besides, he harmed Roxanne. If I don’t take him in now, how will I explain it to Edgar?” Caden said bravely.
“Did Roxanne die?” Christopher countered. “No, but-!” Caden was about to fan the flames when Christopher interrupted him impatiently.
“She’s not dead, right? What’s with all the nonsense? If Edgar is unhappy, ask him to talk to me!”
“What?” Caden was taken aback. Wasn’t his father usually protective of his own? What happened to him? Roxanne was injured, yet he wasn’t concerned.
“What are you still standing there for? Move!” Christopher pushed Caden away and grabbed Dustin’s shoulder. With a smile, Christopher said, “Kid, you’re finally here. We need to drink to our heart’s content tonight!”
Caden watched them leave at a loss. What just happened?
The world had turned upside down!
###Chapter 1086 by Marina Vittori
In the end, Dustin entered an antique study at Christopher’s invitation. After they were served coffee, they started chatting.
“Kid, it’s been ten years, hasn’t it? You look like a completely new person compared to back then!” Christopher looked him up and down in astonishment.
Ten years ago, Dustin was known as Dragonmarsh’s number-one talent. He was young, arrogant, and rebellious. But today, he had transformed into a reserved man, hiding his abilities and talent.
“Ten years have passed, and you are still as dignified and graceful as ever,” Dustin complimented. “I’m getting old. I’m not as imposing as I used to be.” Christopher shook his head with a smile.
“Kid, I don’t think you came because you missed me. Do you have something to discuss?”
“To be honest, I’m here to visit you. But I’m also here to ask for a favor,” Dustin went straight to the point. He even placed a gift he had prepared on the table as he spoke.
“Oh? What is it?” Christopher sipped on his coffee as he smiled. “I heard someone had sent you a Cherusia as a gift. This item is very important to me.
“I hope you can let me have it, and I would willingly pay a high price for it,” Dustin said respectfully.
“The Cherusia?” Christopher raised an eyebrow slightly. He smiled. “You have quite the network. But this precious treasure is rare. What do you plan on exchanging it with?”
“General Murray, whatever you need, just let me know,” Dustin responded. “Kid, are you married yet?” Christopher asked with a smile.
“I was married, but I’m divorced now,” Dustin found his question strange, but he replied truthfully.
“That’s great! It’s great that you’re divorced!” Christopher smiled as he stroked his beard. “So, what do you think about Sheila?”
“Sheila?” Dustin was surprised.
“She’s a kind woman with a gentle heart. She is also very loyal to her friends.” “I’m happy to hear that,” Christopher said, still smiling.
“Both of you are outstanding, and you like each other. Why don’t we decide on the date of your marriage now so that I can greet my great-grandchild sooner?
“What?” Dustin almost spat out the coffee he had just drank. He exclaimed, “General Murray, you’re joking… right?
“This is an important matter. I would never joke about this,” Christopher said earnestly. “General Murray, you must have misunderstood. I don’t have any romantic feelings for Sheila. I think of her as a younger sister,” Dustin explained, perplexed.
They were a total mismatch. How did they end up on this topic? “Kid, do you think Sheila is not good enough for you?” Christopher’s smile dropped.
“General Murray, please don’t misunderstand. I already have a girlfriend, and we have a great relationship. “As for Sheila, since she’s your granddaughter, she deserves better,” Dustin clarified.
“So, you don’t like Sheila?” Christopher frowned slightly. “Sheila is a great woman, but I only see her as a sister.” Dustin shook his head.
“Very well. I can’t force these matters. She’s only a sister if you say so.” Christopher sighed in regret. He knew Sheila had feelings for Dustin and considered pairing them up. way, he would also get himself an outstanding grandson-in-law. That But fate had other plans.
“Thank you for understanding.” Dustin was feeling embarrassed. He had come seeking help, but he ended up unintentionally offending the General. Naturally, he felt bad.
“Alright, enough with the pleasantries. You’re here for the Cherusia, right? I’ll have someone fetch it for you.” Christopher was straight forward and gestured to a helper at the door.
###Chapter 1087 by Marina Vittori
The helper caught on and left immediately. Soon, he came in with a wooden box. “Kid, I’m giving this to you as a gift.” Christopher received the wooden box before passing it to Dustin.
Dustin opened it up carefully and was greeted by a unique smell. Inside the wooden box laid a colorful Cherusia. The Cherusia was the size of a palm. It appeared delicate and beautiful, resembling a perfect work of art.
When illuminated by the light, it sparkled with radiant colors, creating a breathtaking sight. “It really is the Cherusia!” Dustin’s face lit up as he jumped to his feet.
He shook Christopher’s hand enthusiastically. “Thank you so much for agreeing to give this to me, General Murray!”
Christopher appeared genuinely generous as he replied, “I have no use for it myself anyway. Besides, I gain a favor by giving it to you.”
“I can’t express my gratitude enough. Please do not hesitate to let me know if you ever need my help,” Dustin said. The Cherusia was invaluable, yet Christopher had given it to him without hesitation. Dustin was truly grateful to him.
“Alright, no need to make a big deal out of it. You can make it up to me by having a few more drinks with me tonight,” Christopher said nonchalantly.
“Sure! I’ll drink with you and make sure you have a great time!” Dustin smiled as he said. He seemed to have remembered something and added, “Oh, right. General Murray, there’s something I must bring to your attention.
“I recently received information that someone may be plotting something at your birthday party. It’s best to be prepared.” The reason Dustin visited today was also to inform Christopher of what he had heard from Samuel.
“It’s nothing new. Every year, people are plotting against me in various ways. I’ve long gotten used to it,”
Christopher dismissed his concerns. As the Grand General and protector of Dragonmarsh, he had spent his entire life on the battlefield and had made countless enemies.
Many people inside and out of the country wanted him dead. Because of that, he had encountered numerous assassination attempts and ambushes.
What else had he yet experienced throughout the years? He wasn’t afraid of death. “As long as you’re prepared.” Dustin nodded and didn’t say anything more.
With Christopher’s position, there would undoubtedly be highly skilled bodyguards always protecting him. Ordinary people would never be able to get close to him.
“Sir Murray, an esteemed guest wishes to meet you outside.” Just then, a butler entered the room and reported respectfully to Christopher.
“An esteemed guest? Who?” Christopher asked impassively. “It’s Diego Bourbon from the aristocratic family in Kimboku,” the butler responded with his head lowered.
“Diego Bourbon? Is he Bourbon, that old dog’s grandson? Why is he here?” Christopher was puzzled.
“Mr. Antonio Bourbon is not feeling well and needs the Cherusia to prolong his life. Mr. Diego must be here for the Cherusia,” the butler stated truthfully.
“Hmph! Bourbon, that old dog, is not worthy of the Cherusia. Tell him to get lost!” Christopher’s expression grew cold.
“Yes, sir.” The butler left without another word.
“Kid, it’s time for dinner. Let’s go drink!” Seeing that it was time, Christopher ended their conversation and eagerly pulled Dustin out of the door.
As for Deigo, he didn’t care about him whatsoever. How dare a Kimboku citizen have their eyes on Dragonmarsh’s treasure? They should go to hell!
###Chapter 1088 by Marina Vittori
Meanwhile, inside a luxurious courtyard within the Murray residence, a young, lean man dressed in fine clothing was having coffee with Caden.
“Mr. Diego, what brings you here?” Caden smiled as he poured Diego a cup of coffee.
“Thank you.” Diego nodded politely. “I’ve long heard about your greatness, Mr. Caden. I came here today with the main intention of getting to know you. ‘Diego had a strong foreign accent.
“Mr. Diego, there is no need for such pleasantries,” Caden remarked. “Please, feel free to speak your mind. Let’s have an honest conversation.”
“Mr. Caden, since you prefer to be straightforward, I won’t beat around the bush any longer. “I came here today in hopes of meeting General Murray. But unfortunately, he was too busy and had no time to see me.
“I was hoping you could put in a good word for me.” As he spoke, Diego gestured for his men to bring over a long wooden box.
The box was about four feet long, and when opened, it revealed an ornate curved longsword. Diego carefully lifted it with his fingers and presented it to Caden. He explained, “Mr. Caden, this is one of our country’s ten most famous swords. It is known as the Raikiri.
“This sword is incredibly sharp and can cut through iron easily. It is also said to contain the power of lightning.
“With just a single strike, it turns into an unstoppable force. It is a treasure desired by countless warriors in our country.
“Of course, such a prestigious sword can only be wielded by a hero like you, Mr. Caden. I hope you will accept it.”
Seeing the sword Diego presented to him, Caden’s eyes lit up as he got excited. He had long heard of the Raikiri. As one of the top swords of Kimboku, its value was unimaginable.
Since practicing the Soul Devouring Technique, his skills have improved tremendously, and he needed a suitable weapon. The Raikiri was undoubtedly a timely gift.
“Thank you, Mr. Diego, you are too kind. I can hardly believe I deserve such a precious gift.” He instinctively accepted the sword as he spoke. “As long as you like it.” Diego smiled faintly.
“Mr. Diego, I assume you have other businesses besides visiting my old man. “After looking fondly at the sword, Caden asked again.
If Diego were just here to meet his father, why would he offer such a precious item? “You’re truly perceptive, Mr. Caden. I do indeed have another request,” Diego said with a smile.
“I heard General Murray has a rare precious herb known as the Cherusia. I am interested in it. “I have another generous present prepared if you could help me obtain it. “So, you’ve come for a medicinal herb? No problem at all, I’ll take care of it!” Caden was confident.
Everyone in the family knew that Christopher wasn’t interested in worldly possessions. Whenever he obtained any treasures, he would distribute them to the younger generation as rewards. As long as Caden asked for it, he could easily get his hands on it.
“Your words assure me.” Diego breathed a sigh of relief. Caden turned to an elderly woman beside him and instructed, “Mrs. Patty, please inform the old man that I am in great need of the Cherusia.
“I hope he will consider my request.”
“Alright.” Mrs. Patty nodded before leaving. It wasn’t long before she was back. But her expression was grim. “Mrs. Patty, you got it already? Where is it?” Caden asked with a smile.
###Chapter 1089 by Marina Vittori
“Sir Murray has given the Cherusia away.” Mrs. Patty shook her head. “He gave it away? To whom?” Caden’s smile froze. “A young man named Dustin.” Mrs. Patty told him the truth.
“What? He gave it to that brat?” Caden frowned, and his expression turned dark. How could he give a precious treasure like the Cherusia to a loser like Dustin? He was too foolish!
Even if Dustin had saved Sheila before, they had already rewarded him. Was it necessary to treat him that well? “Can we get it back?” Caden couldn’t accept it. He had even confidently promised Diego. He didn’t expect problems to arise so quickly.
“You know Sir Murray’s personality. He would never get something he’s given away back.” Mrs. Patty put down that thought.
“Damn it! Just what makes him worthy of such a treasure?” Caden was fuming. “Mr. Caden, who is this Dustin? It seems like General Murray favors him.”
“He’s no one. My father likes him just because he saved my daughter once,”
Caden explained. “From what you’re saying, it seems like I’m not fated to get my hands on the Cherusia.” Diego narrowed his eyes.
“Not exactly…” Caden seemed to have thought of something. In a lowered voice, he continued, “Mr. Diego, while we can’t acquire i openly, we can always get it through dirty means.
“That Dustin brat is no one. With the Bourbon family’s influence, it shouldn’t be hard to steal the Cherusia from him.”
“Steal?” Diego raised an eyebrow. “Isn’t he on good terms with General Murray? Won’t I be offending the General by doing so?”
“If you and I don’t say anything, who would find out?” Caden smiled meaningfully. “Besides, my old man is just interested in him now. He won’t go to war over some poor kid.
“There’s no need to worry; I’ll cover for you. Nothing would go wrong!” “Oh? Is that so?” Diego was intrigued.
“Since you put it that way, I’ll take the risk and try it.”
“Mr. Diego, please find a good opportunity to act. And if possible, after acquiring the treasure, it would be best to…
Instead of finishing his sentence, Caden made a throat-slitting gesture. Since Dustin was so ungrateful, there was no point in keeping him alive. Fortunately, this was the chance to get rid of him through someone else.
“I understand. I will follow your request. I shall be leaving now.” Diego nodded before leaving with his two bodyguards.
“Mrs. Patty, you are to keep today’s matter to yourself, understand?” Caden glanced at her.
“I understand.” Mrs. Patty nodded. “Alright, I’m going to train my cultivation now. Wait outside, and don’t let anyone disturb me.” Caden waved dismissively.
After Mrs. Patty left, Caden hid the Raikiri well. He then sat on the bed and began to train silently. Soon, a layer of dark energy appeared on the surface of his body. The ominous and chilling dark energy immediately lowered the temperature of the room, turning the room into an ice chamber.
As he continued to train, his body suddenly trembled, and he broke out in sweat. Veins bulged on his face, and his expression contorted in pain.
The next second, Caden spat out a mouthful of blood and fell unconscious.
###Chapter 1090 by Marina Vittori
The next morning, Dustin drove to Swinton after making arrangements at Zephyr Lodge. Now that he finally got his hands on the Cherusia, he had all the herbs he needed. Everything was set.
He didn’t know how long Gregory could hold up with the Celestial Decay. He had to produce the Longevitum as soon as possible so as not to have to worry about him.
It took Dustin about half a day to reach Peaceful Medical Center. All was quiet and peaceful in the medical center. Gregory lay on an easy chair, drunk, as usual. He stank of alcohol.
Caitlyn busied herself around the place, wiping the chairs and tables, doing the laundry, and cooking. She kept the medical center clean and in order.
As for Maximus, the sword fanatic, he focused on training in the yard.
While he used to be known as Lightning Blade, he now focused on slowing down. Though it didn’t look much, his every move was restrained yet powerful.
He changed his way of wielding his sword and reached a new level of swordsmanship. It was obvious that he had improved a lot within the time that Dustin was away. While Maximus was focused on training, a silver needle suddenly flew at him. It was aimed at his chest.
Maximus’ gaze zeroed in on it as he turned around and struck the needle with his sword. He sliced off the tip of the needle. The needle was sent flying to the ground.
“Who is it? Show yourself!” Maximus stared at a large tree in the yard, pointing his sword at it. “You’ve improved so much in the few months I’ve been away.” Dustin slowly emerged from behind the tree, smiling. Deflecting his needle wasn’t something any other divine-level martial artist could do.
“Dustin?” Maximus was first taken aback before he broke out into a grin. ” You’re finally back!” Then, throwing his sword aside, he rushed up to Dustin and hugged him tightly.
“Alright, alright, that’ll do. What would people say if they saw two grown men hugging like this?” Dustin said awkwardly.
“Caitlyn! Come on out! Look who’s back!” Maximus shouted.
“Mr. Rhys!” Caitlyn came running, surprised to see him. “When did you return, Mr. Rhys? Why didn’t you inform us beforehand?”
“I just got back.” Dustin smiled. “How have you both been?” “We’ve been great. Every day has been peaceful, and we have all we need.” Caitlyn smiled. This peaceful life was all that she’d ever wished for.
“Dustin, I’ve reached a new level within just three months. And with Gregory’s guidance, I’m improving daily!” Maximus said proudly.
“I can see that.” Dustin nodded, looking very pleased. Though Maximus had just reached the divine level, his true ability was on par with those martial artists who had long since reached the divine level. He was truly a genius swordmaster.
“How’s Gregory?” Dustin asked. “Same old. He still drinks himself into oblivion every day.” Maximus sounded helpless.
“I’ll go check in on him.” Dustin chuckled as he made his way into the medical center. Gregory laid haphazardly on an easy chair, disheveled and reeking of alcohol. He even had drool running down the corner of his mouth.
He was the perfect example of a drunkard. “Gregory, wake up, Dustin’s back.” Maximus approached and tried to shake him awake, but Gregory remained motionless.
“Gregory. Gregory?” Maximus shook him even harder, but he still didn’t respond.
“Here, let me do it.’ Dustin crouched and whispered to Gregory, “Gregory, someone stole your vodka.”
Gregory’s eyes shot open immediately as he sat right up. “Who did it? Which bastard stole my vodka?” he roared. Then, his gaze swept around the place, giving off a killing intent.
###Chapter 1091 by Marina Vittori
It wasn’t until he saw the faint smile on Dustin’s face that he knew what was going on.
“Oh, get lost, you little brat!” Gregory huffed. Then, he made himself comfortable on the easy chair and got ready to sleep again.
“Come on, stop sleeping. I’ve got serious business.” Dustin took out two wooden boxes and placed them on the table. One had the thousand-year green lotus, and the other had the Cherusia.
“I’ve made a decent haul in Millsburg this time. The last two remaining herbs are here. I can start producing the Longevitum now.” “Oh? So soon?” Gregory sat up lazily.
“I thought my days were numbered. Who’d have thought that you actually managed to collect all the herbs. How fortunate!” “Enough with your nonsense. Go bring out all the herbs we collected from before,” Dustin urged.
“Alright, alright, I’ll go get them.” Gregory stretched sluggishly before searching through several drawers and cupboards.
It took him a while to find all the herbs that he’d hidden away. “Maximus, guard the door. Nobody is allowed to enter,” Dustin instructed Maximus.
“Yes, sir!” Maximus brought a chair and sat in front of the door, both hands on his sword. He looked around warily. “Caitlyn, go get me these herbs.” Dustin wrote down a list of needed herbs and passed it to Caitlyn.
Peaceful Medical Center rarely had patients, so they didn’t keep many herbs. “Okay!” Caitlyn nodded and quickly left with the list. Soon, she came running back breathlessly, carrying the herbs with her.
“From now on, I’ll need to lock myself away to focus on producing the Longevitum. I’m not sure how long it’ll take, but no one is to disturb me before I come out.
With that instruction, Dustin turned and entered the medical room. He did not jump head-first into making the pill. Instead, he took out an ancient manuscript and began studying it.
The nine-fold Longevitum, better known as Longevitum, had miraculous reviving properties. According to the manuscript, it was also the only medicine to cure the Celestial Decay.
But for centuries, no one had produced it successfully. That was because the herbs needed were too rare to find, and the process of producing them was complex. Even with Dustin’s exceptional alchemy skills, he still wasn’t confident he could produce it.
He had no choice but to study the recipe repeatedly to avoid any mistakes. After ensuring nothing was missing, Dustin sat on the ground and meditated for half an hour. He finally started making the pill when he felt rejuvenated and was at his peak state.
Though this was Dustin’s first time making the Longevitum, his actions were practiced. He did not need to pause to check the recipe. That was because he had already repeatedly played out all the steps in his head.
As he lit the fire, the fragrance of herbs fluttered out from the alchemy furnace. Dustin put the herbs into it one by one. At the same time, he had to use his true energy to control the fire. Alchemy was delicate work. Every detail was important to ensure the end product.
From the age of the herbs and the technique used to the quality of the furnace, the temperature within the furnace and even the sequence in which the herbs were added would affect the outcome. Luck also came into play when it came to alchemy.
Dustin knew that he could not slip up. One wrong move and all his previous efforts would have gone to waste. A miraculous medicine like the Longevitum had to be perfect.
As time passed, all the herbs within the furnace began to combine. He had now reached the most crucial and most difficult step, which was to solidify the pill.
Dustin placed both his hands by the furnace, carefully controlling the fire. Without noticing, he began to sweat due to the exertion of using his true energy. It began to boil in the furnace. The lid of the furnace buzzed as its contents bubbled.
A special aroma rose from within.
“This is it!”
Dustin took a deep breath before pushing his palms forward. True energy surged from within him, flowing out toward the furnace.
Instantly, the flames beneath the furnace blazed. It was obvious that it was already at the final stage. As Dustin waited with bated breath, the furnace exploded with a loud bang.
###Chapter 1092 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Dustin became worried when the furnace exploded. He was so close to success. Why? Why had the furnace exploded? Had all his previous efforts gone to waste now?
“No… That’s impossible!” Dustin shook his head, sweat dripping uncontrollably. He was unwilling to believe he failed and refused to accept this outcome. He began to comb around the debris of the exploded furnace. He went through every piece and every fragment.
He searched through them like a wolf, searching for its prey, hungry and wild. Suddenly, he paused. Under all the debris and residue, he saw a hint of gold.
The shiny gold color shone through the residue surrounding it like a ray of light in the dark. It was eye-catching. After a brief pause, Dustin slowly reached out to dust the residue around it away.
Bit by bit, inch by inch, he removed every piece of debris and residue from it with his heart in his mouth. Finally, a perfect gold pill appeared before his very eyes.
The gold pill was crystal clear, and it shone beautifully. It sparkled like pure gold and had a pleasant, refreshing scent.
“It’s… it’s done?” Dustin’s eyes widened in surprise.
“It’s done! It’s done! I did it!” He laughed excitedly. He had been devastated when the furnace exploded. Fortunately, he had succeeded in making the Longevitum. All the effort he had put in to collect all the herbs had not been wasted.
“Gregory!” Dustin kicked the door open and held the Longevitum with both hands preciously. He walked out with a spring in his step. “Check this out!”
Gregory, who was downing several drinks, turned back to look at Dustin when he heard that. He gaped. “Damn! You did it? I thought the medicine was fake!”
Though it was recorded in the manuscript that the Longevitum could cure a person of Celestial Decay, it was just a myth. Who knew if it was true? Who knew if it was producible?
So, he had little hope since the start. But now, looking at the golden pill in Dustin’s hands, he started to get excited.
“Now that we have the Longevitum, you should be cured of the Celestial Decay in no time. Try it.” Dustin handed Gregory the pill.
“Let’s not rush things. Such a momentous event must be celebrated with something nice.”
Gregory rubbed his hands together gleefully before rushing to the garden behind the medical center. With a hoe in hand, he began digging in one of the corners of the garden.
After some time, he dug out three tightly-sealed bottles. Those were his treasured vodka that he had kept hidden away. He couldn’t even bring himself to drink them without a good reason.
But today was a day that was worthy of them. “My precious, you have all waited long, haven’t you?” Gregory chuckled in delight as he carried them.
The moment he opened the bottles, a strong aroma of alcohol filled the room. Gregory took a deep breath, getting lost in the aroma.
“Come everyone, I’m in an amazing mood today! I’ll share my vodka with all of you!”
As Gregory spoke, he set three tiny shot glasses on the table. Then, he carefully poured a little vodka into each glass, afraid to waste even a single drop. Dustin frowned. Why was he serving them so little? Was he afraid that they’d be poisoned by the vodka?
“Go on, don’t be shy. Drink up!” Gregory spoke like he was being generous. But after pouring them the three tiny glasses, he picked up the entire bottle and began chugging on the remaining alcohol.
###Chapter 1093 by Marina Vittori
Gregory had no plans to let them drink more of his vodka, apart from the three tiny shot glasses he poured. Dustin, Maximus, and Caitlyn exchanged looks of disbelief. In the end, Gregory finished the remaining vodka himself.
“That was some good vodka!” Gregory burped after he was done drinking. He looked refreshed and in high spirits. Now that he was happy and content, he picked up the Longevitum and swallowed it.
With a gulp, the Longevitum slid down his throat, giving out a burst of golden energy. It coursed through his entire body.
The energy contained a strong and vibrant vitality, nourishing Gregory’s body like a spring of living water. His circulatory pathways, which had dried up, began to flow. Color returned to his pale face.
There seemed to be a glimmer of gold in his old, cloudy eyes. Changes began to take place in his limbs, organs, skin, muscles, and hair. Gregory’s frail old body quickly absorbed the vitality of the golden energy.
Soon, his white hair slowly turned black, and his wrinkly skin gradually became smooth and supple. His muscles and bones strengthened, and the internal injuries and other discomforts within him faded away.
It was like he was being born anew. “What miraculous effects!” All of them were surprised to witness Gregory’s changes. The Longevitum did not only heal him; it completely transformed him!
Gregory had been weak, frail, and hunched, looking like a haggard old man. But now, he was strong and muscular and looked youthful. He had a commanding presence to him and was energized. He looked like a new person. Just standing there without doing anything, he exuded an authoritative aura.
“I feel great!” Gregory laughed heartily as he stretched. The joints in his body popped. The Longevitum was truly miraculous.
Not only did it heal Gregory of the Celestial Decay, he was even given a new life! What a surprise! “How do you feel, Gregory?” Dustin asked.
“Amazing! It feels amazing!” Gregory could not wipe the grin off his face. He could feel the vitality pulsing within him. “The Longevitum not only saved my life, it even cleared all my blocked circulatory pathways!
“Though I’m not as powerful as I was in my prime, I feel like I’ve regained at least 70 percent of my powers!”
“That’s great. I’m relieved to hear that you’ve recovered.” Dustin sighed in relief. After being worried for so long, he could finally be at ease.
All his efforts had not been in vain. His hard work had finally paid off. Now that Gregory was cured of the Celestial Decay, his next action would be to get revenge for his deceased mother.
Not only would he challenge Nestor to a duel, but he would also find out the truth about everything that had happened in the past. No matter who the instigator was or who he had backing him up, Dustin would not go easy on them.
One day, he would take the head of the person behind the scenes to his mother’s grave to appease her soul! Just then, Dustin’s phone rang.
He picked it up to hear Sheila’s panicked voice. “Dustin! Something terrible has happened! My father’s severely hurt, and his life is in danger.
“None of the doctors know what to do. You’re the only one who can save him now! Please, you must save my father!”
###Chapter 1094 by Marina Vittori
Caden lay unconscious in a VIP ward in East Swinton Hospital. He was pale, and his breathing was weak. His heartbeat was slow, and his body felt cold to the touch. At a glance, he looked like he was dead.
A group of specialists were in the ward, whispering among themselves. They were discussing his condition and thinking of all the possible treatment methods they could use.
But after a long time, they came up with nothing. None of them could suggest a treatment plan. Lily, Sheila, Vivian, and Evan stood at the side. There was nothing they could do except panic.
“Dr. Johnson, how’s my husband’s condition? Can you treat him?” Lily finally asked after seeing how they had discussed for a long time and yet still unable to come up with anything.
“Mr. Caden’s condition is weird. We’ve gone through all our medical books but couldn’t find any condition matching his symptoms. Our hands are tied.”
Dr. Johnson, the most senior among the doctors, shook his head helplessly. He had never seen such a condition before, so he didn’t know how to treat Caden.
“What? If you can’t treat him, who’d be able to?” Lily was flustered. She had contacted the Stoneray Order, but Dr. Watkins was out of town, and he wouldn’t be back anytime soon. The elders that the Stoneray Order had dispatched didn’t know how to treat Caden either.
“My suggestion would be to seek help in Oakvale. All the elites are gathered there, so they’ll have the best doctors.
“You might be able to find someone who can help,” Dr. Johnson advised.
“But with the current situation, I don’t know if we can get help in time.” Lily frowned. “There’s no need for such hassle. I’ve found us a miracle doctor!”
Just then, Jayden walked into the ward. Behind him was a balding, middle- aged man with a doctor’s coat around him. He even had two assistants behind him, each carrying a big box of medical supplies.
“Allow me to introduce you to Mr. Rudolph Saunders. He’s a doctor from Kimboku. “Back when a horse had kicked Roxanne and nearly lost her life, Mr. Saunders had healed her.
“His medical skills are out of this world!
‘Jayden said in admiration.
“Mr. Saunders? Could this be the well- known miracle doctor from Kimboku?”
“That’s right! When I studied abroad in Kimboku, I had the honor of meeting Mr. Saunders once. He’s truly a miracle doctor!”
“With Mr. Saunders here, there is still hope for Mr. Caden!” A clamor broke out in the ward due to Rudolph’s presence. Many doctors looked at him in awe as though he was their idol.
Though Kimboku was not a large country, its advancement in the medical field was better than Dragonmarsh.
Many Dragonmarshian doctors hoped to go to Kimboku to advance themselves further. That would give them an edge in the medical field, and they’d be in demand once they returned.
“A miracle doctor?” Lily was overjoyed to see him. She quickly greeted him. “Mr. Saunders, please save my husband. No matter how much it takes to treat him, we will pay for it!”
Rudolph gave Lily a good look. His interest was immediately piqued, and a glimpse of lust burned in his eyes. Who knew that Dragonmarshian women were so pretty? She still looked so alluring even when she’d already had a child.
“Mr. Saunders, please check on the patient,” Jayden prompted. ‘Yes, I’ll have a look at him.” Rudolph quickly looked away from Lily and approached Caden’s bed. He began checking on Caden carefully.
A while later, he said, “The patient had gone to extremes in training, and that caused his circulatory system to be all messed up and blocked.
“Regular doctors won’t be able to cure this. It’s a deadly condition. But I’ll be able to handle it easily.”
Everyone was glad to hear that.
“As expected from a miracle doctor like Mr. Saunders! He could diagnose the cause right away! He’s amazing!” Evan praised.
###Chapter 1095 by Marina Vittori
“Dragonmarshian doctors are useless. You’ve been here for so long, and none of you have been able to come up with anything.
“In the end, we can only put our hopes on Mr. Saunders.” Vivian sighed. “Exactly! These good-for-nothings don’t hold a candle to Mr. Saunders.” The Murrays began showering Rudolph with flattery.
So many specialists gathered there, but not even one of them knew how to treat Caden. But Rudolph had simply given him a checkup and was able to tell what was wrong. The difference between them was too obvious.
“Since you know how to treat him, please proceed with the treatment, Mr. Saunders.” Lily did not wish to waste any more time.
“Bring me my medical box.” Rudolph waved his assistants over and gestured for them to put his medical supplies in front of him. He opened up the boxes and began rummaging through them. Then, he pulled out a black bottle.
“This is the Golden Elixir, made of 108 rare and expensive herbs. It’s especially useful for clearing blocked circulatory pathways and ensuring a steady and balanced blood flow. It works wonders!
Rudolph said proudly, “The patient will wake up and be fine within three minutes after ingesting the Golden Elixir. But it is quite expensive.”
“How much will it cost?” Lily asked.
“300 million,” Rudolph revealed.
“300 million?” All the Dragonmarshian doctors gaped when they heard what Rudolph said. This was daylight robbery! Three hundred million was too much to ask for a bottle of medicine!
“That’s not a problem. I’ll give anything to save my husband!” Lily didn’t hesitate. Though 300 million was a lot, she could afford that. The money amounted to nothing compared to her husband’s life.
“Alright, I shall begin now since you’re fine with that.” Rudolph smiled at her before helping Caden up into a sitting position. He twisted open the bottle cap and was ready to feed Caden the elixir.
“Caden Murray will not live past three days if he takes the elixir!” A voice was heard coming from the door.
“What?” Everyone turned to see Dustin walking in. He had rushed to Millsburg upon receiving Sheila’s call. Peaceful Medical Center was shut for the time being, and he arranged for Gregory, Maximus, and Caitlyn to stay in Zephyr Lodge temporarily.
“Dustin! You’re here!” Sheila’s eyes lit up as she hurried over to him. “It’s a good thing that I came in time.
Caden will be in grave danger otherwise. Dustin’s sharp gaze swept over to Rudolph. “You’re from Kimboku, aren’t you?
“You don’t have a conscience! You will endanger a patient’s life just to make more money! Do you think you’re fit to be a doctor?”
“You insolent man!” Jayden roared.
“Who do you think you are? How dare you speak to Mr. Saunders in such a manner?”
“Precisely! Mr. Saunders is a miracle doctor from Kimboku, and his medical skills are exceptional! Who are you to spout nonsense about him?” Vivian glared at Dustin.
“Hmph! You don’t know what you’re talking about!” Evan exclaimed.
“Who are you? Who do you think you are to question me?” Rudolph frowned. “Was I wrong?” Dustin asked frostily.
“The Golden Elixir is a cheap medicine. Its materials cost no more than several hundred. “But you’re asking for 300 million for it? Besides, it won’t help Caden’s condition!
“It will only give him a last surge of energy momentarily once he takes it, but he will certainly die soon after!” At that. Rudolph’s expression darkened.
###Chapter 1096 by Marina Vittori
“Y-you’re spewing nonsense!” After being exposed, Rudolph tried to act calm and composed. But he could not hide the panic in his eyes.
Though he hated to admit it, the Golden Elixir was cheap stuff that cost no more than several hundred. Of course, he could have easily sold it for several thousands with his reputation and medical skills.
“Nonsense? Well, why don’t we check out the components of the elixir then?” Dustin pressed. “If I’m not mistaken, there’s also some form of stimulant added to the Golden Elixir. While there may be immediate life-saving effects, it would still deplete the patient’s life.
“What you’re doing is the same as killing the patient! You heartless bastard!”
“Rubbish! I’m a miracle doctor from Kimboku! Someone like you should be looking up to me! How dare you accuse me?
“You better apologize to me right this instant!” Rudolph fumed. “Apologize? Do you deserve an apology from me?” Dustin scoffed.
“You’re not going to apologize, are you? Fine! I won’t carry on with the treatment then.
“You guys can find a solution yourself! “Rudolph was livid. He picked up his medical supplies and got ready to leave.
“Mr. Saunders!” Jayden immediately stopped him from leaving. He smiled apologetically. “Please don’t be angry. This bastard is just a madman who doesn’t know anything!
“Don’t take things to heart. The patient’s life is at stake.”
“Yes, Mr. Saunders! This is a matter of life and death! You’re the only one who can treat him now!” Everyone tried to coax him into staying and treating Caden.
“Dustin! You better shut up! If you continue talking nonsense, I’ll throw you out immediately!” Jayden turned around to yell at him.
“Who gave you the right to speak rudely to Mr. Saunders? You should admit your mistake and apologize to him at once!” Vivian shouted.
“That’s right! Apologize at once!” Evan echoed. Everyone’s gaze on Dustin was malicious and filled with displeasure. He had questioned and slandered Rudolph the second he entered the ward. He even sent Rudolph away!
What a bastard!
“I’m just stating facts. Why should I apologize?” Dustin asked impassively. “Doctors like you, who would do anything for money, will never be able to cure patients. Let him leave if he so wishes. I’ll treat Mr. Murray personally.
“You? Who the hell are you? How dare you compare yourself to Mr. Saunders? Jayden looked displeased.
“Hmph! Doctors in Dragonmarsh are trash! All they’re good for is treating the regular flu or fever.
“But only a miracle doctor from Kimboku, like Mr. Saunders, can help when any complications arise!” Vivian huffed in disdain.
“Everyone knows that the medical skills that Kimboku has is way more advanced than what we have here in Dragonmarsh. We’re on totally different levels!
“Your limited medical skills are incomparable to Mr. Saunders’!” Evan belittled. “Have you been living under a rock that you don’t know how things are?”
Dustin looked around him as he scoffed. “In case you don’t know, Kimboku’s medical technology and skills originated from Dragonmarsh. “We were the ones who taught them all they know, and they’ve only barely scraped the surface of what we know!
“If we’re talking about medical talents, ten of Kimboku’s best doctors can’t compare to a single medical genius we have here in Dragonmarsh!
“It’s one thing to be narrow-minded and admire foreign things excessively, but please do not insult the doctors of Dragonmarsh because of your ignorance!”
All the Dragonmarshian doctors in the ward were happy hearing what Dustin said. They wanted to applaud after his little speech.
They were dissatisfied with being called trash straight to the face. Dustin had restored their honor with his speech.
“So what if their medical skills originated from Dragonmarsh? They’ve surpassed us now! And they’ve also successfully promoted the advancement of their medical expertise to the world!
“There is no mistake in saying that we are lacking compared to them! Is it so difficult for you to admit that other countries are better than ours?” Vivian lifted her chin defiantly.
“Exactly! There are talented people from Kimboku all over the world! But are there any well-known Dragonmarshians on an international scale?” Evan challenged.
From their point of view, Dustin was just there to pick a fight with them. He couldn’t treat Caden, so he was there to belittle anyone who could. He was just a petty bastard!
“You narrow-minded people.” Dustin shook his head.
“You guys should see the world and see how great Dragonmarsh is. Don’t be stuck in your tiny worldview and spread your beliefs on how other countries are better than ours. Stand up for your own country!”
Vivian and the rest of them were upset at Dustin’s words.
###Chapter 1097 by Marina Vittori
Just as they were about to say more, Lily cut them off. “Enough! This is not the time for pointless bickering! Caden’s life is at stake!”
“Exactly! Dustin! Quick, save my father! “Sheila quickly reacted. Though Rudolph had a great reputation, she trusted Dustin more. “Wait a second!” Dustin was about to go up to Caden when Jayden stopped him.
“This is a life at stake! We cannot afford you messing things up! Mr. Saunders must be the one to treat him!”
“I said it, he can’t help him. He’ll only put him in danger,” Dustin answered. “If even Mr. Saunders can’t help him, what makes you think you can?”
Jayden suddenly turned to look at Lily. Aunt Lily, you should be the one deciding. Do you trust Mr. Saunders, or do you trust this brat?”
“Well…” Lily was in a dilemma when presented with such a choice. She had seen for herself how good Dustin’s skills were. He had been the one who cured Sheila of her strange condition.
But Rudolph had an exceptional reputation. He had been practicing medicine for decades. Rudolph should be much better than Dustin, regardless of experience or skills. Considering Caden’s safety, she trusted Rudolph more.
“Mom, Dustin is good at what he does. I’m sure he’ll be able to help Dad!” Sheila said.
“Sheila, your father’s life is on the line. How can you entrust his life in the hands of someone who doesn’t have a good reputation?
“Who will take responsibility for it if anything were to happen?” Jayden frowned. “Yes, Sheila. This brat doesn’t look trustworthy. I’m sure Mr. Saunders is better than he is,” Vivian persuaded.
“Mr. Saunders’ medical skills are out of this world. He’ll be able to cure him. “But Uncle Caden will be in danger if you let this guy treat him!” Evan warned.
They all persuaded and sounded so confident in Rudolph that Sheila wavered. She was the type that was easily influenced by others.
Now that everyone sounded so sure, she didn’t know what to think anymore. “Miss, I’m sure you won’t want anything to befall your husband, would you?” Rudolph asked.
“I…” Lily seemed to want to say something, but she stopped herself. In the end, she looked at Dustin apologetically. “Dustin, thank you for making the journey here. But I’d prefer Mr. Saunders to treat Caden.”
“Miss, I’m not trying to show off, but Rudolph Saunders will not be able to treat Mr. Murray.
“If anything, he will only endanger his life. Please reconsider your decision!” Dustin’s expression was grave.
It was true that he held a grudge against Jayden. But for Sheila and General Murray’s sake, he was willing to help Caden. But he needed the Murrays to trust him.
“Dustin, Mr. Saunders has a reputation for his medical skills, and he’s confident he’ll be able to treat Caden. I trust him.” Lily gave her final answer.
“Are you sure that’s what you’ve decided upon?” Dustin frowned.
“Once Saunders starts his treatment, Mr. Murray’s condition will worsen. By then, I won’t have the confidence to save him anymore.”
“I’m sure.” Lily nodded resolutely. “Dustin, please show yourself so as not to bother Mr. Saunders.” Lily made it clear that she was throwing Dustin out.
“Do you hear that? Get out! Don’t be a nuisance here!”
“How dare a nobody like him challenge Mr. Saunders? He thought too highly of himself!” They all mocked Dustin, looking down on him.
“I hope you don’t regret your decision. “Dustin drew a deep breath and left without saying anything else. He had said all he could. Whether or not Caden survived was no longer any of his business.
###Chapter 1098 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin!” Sheila panicked when she saw Dustin leave, so she chased after him.
“Dustin, I’m sorry. I didn’t know Mr. Saunders would be here, too. “This is all my fault. Please don’t be angry,” Sheila said remorsefully.
“I’m not angry, Sheila. As a doctor, I hope that your dad can receive good treatment. But nobody trusts me.” Dustin shook his head.
He had warned them multiple times, but his warnings had been ignored. It wouldn’t be appropriate for him to force himself on them further.
“Dustin, I trust you. But…” Sheila stopped herself. Her parents were the ones who made the decisions in the family. As their daughter, she did not have much say.
“It’s alright, Sheila, go back in. I’ll go out for a cup of coffee.
“If anything happens, give me a call right away.” Dustin smiled as he patted her on the shoulder. “Alright then.” Sheila nodded and headed back into the ward.
But not before turning around several times to check on Dustin. She truly felt sorry for making him come over for nothing.
“Sheila, why do you bother yourself with that idiot? If he wants to leave, then so be it. What’s so great about him?
“He’s just an insurance agent. Does he deserve your attention?” Vivian started insulting Dustin the moment Sheila entered. “That’s right! With Mr. Saunders here, why would you need a nobody like him?
“Evan shot a disdainful glance at the door.
“Mr. Saunders, there won’t be anyone bothering you anymore. Please get started with the treatment as soon as possible,” Lily urged.
“Sure. Seeing as to how sincere all of you are, I’ll help you out just this once.’ Rudolph nodded before opening the cap to the black medicine bottle again. Then, he emptied its contents into Caden’s mouth.
Then, he took several silver needles from his medical case and inserted them into Caden’s pressure points. More than ten needles later, he finally stopped.
“Acupuncture also helps to clear blocked circulatory pathways and regulate blood flow. When paired with the precious Golden Elixir, I’m sure the patient will be able to regain consciousness!” Rudolph declared confidently.
“That’d be great!” Lily anxiously stared at Caden, who still lay unconscious on the bed. The Golden Elixir quickly worked its wonders. Caden’s pale face gradually regained color, and his weak breathing strengthened.
All the readings on the monitor slowly went back to normal. Within minutes, Caden’s heart rate, blood pressure, pulse rate, body temperature, and all the other parameters returned to normal. He hadn’t woken up but was no longer in danger.
“It worked, it worked! His vital signs have returned to normal! His condition is stable now!”
“As expected of Mr. Saunders! Just a few needles and some medicine are all it takes for him to save a patient who was so close to death! How amazing!”
“He’s a miracle doctor! A miracle doctor who works wonders!” Seeing how Caden seemed glowing with health and vitality, everyone got excited and admired Rudolph.
So many doctors were at a loss for how to treat Caden. But once Rudolph came, he had pulled Caden back from the brink of death so quickly! His medical skills were godly!
“Aunt Lily, Sheila, I wasn’t wrong, was I? With Mr. Saunders here, Uncle Caden will surely be fine,” Jayden said with a smile.
“Mr. Saunders is truly amazing. Our family is forever thankful for you!” Lily was delighted with the outcome.
Caden had been lying on the bed like a dead man just a while ago. His body had been cold, and his breathing was so weak it frightened her. But now, he was glowing with life. It was as though he had been given a new life.
“Having me treat him is the best choice you’ve made. Had I not saved him, he would not live to see the next sunrise.” Rudolph lifted his chin proudly.
“Of course, you’re right. Nobody can compare with your excellent skills, Mr. Saunders,” Jayden flattered.
“Compared to Mr. Saunders, all these doctors from Dragonmarsh are considered trash. You are on an entirely different level. There’s nothing comparable to your skills!” Vivian sighed.
“Oh well, in terms of talented people, Kimboku crushes Dragonmarsh. But the worst thing is that these Dragonmarshian doctors are incapable and like to pretend that they’re all that.
“They refuse to admit that they aren’t as capable as others. They deserve to be looked down upon!” Evan spat.
###Chapter 1099 by Marina Vittori
When faced with insults from influential figures, the doctors struggled to remain composed. They may not have been as skilled as Rudolph, but they found it hard to tolerate the harsh remarks.
Meanwhile, Lily noticed her husband’s vital signs had stabilized but wondered why he remained unconscious. “Mr. Saunders, when will my husband wake up?”
“Don’t worry. Your husband will wake up once I remove these silver needles,” Rudolph reassured her before removing the needles. Suddenly, Caden’s body trembled, and his bloodshot eyes shot open.
“He’s awake!” Everyone was relieved.
“Thank you, Mr. Saunders! You’re amazing!” Jayden praised. “You’re much better than the doctors in Dragonmarsh!” Vivian and others chimed in.
“Thank you so much, Mr. Saunders. I’m so grateful,” Lily exclaimed with joy.
“I specialize in treating unusual diseases, so this was easy for me,” Rudolph boasted. But nobody noticed Caden’s eyes were bloodshot, and he was writhing in pain. He suddenly screamed and jumped out of bed.
His veins were bulging, and his expression was terrifying. Black blood dripped from his mouth and nose.
“What?” Everyone in the room was shocked. “Mr. Saunders, what’s happening? My husband seemed fine just a moment ago,” Lily said anxiously.
“Could it be the side effect of your treatment?” Others exchanged puzzled looks. “Stay calm, everyone. This is a normal reaction, and Mr. Caden is fine,” Rudolph reassured them. But he worried his treatment might have triggered Caden’s sudden aggression.
“What should we do now, Mr. Saunders? My husband doesn’t seem right,” Lily grew more worried.
“Don’t worry. Look how I’ll use this needle to stabilize Mr. Caden.” Rudolph then took a silver needle and aimed it at Caden’s brow. Caden screamed again, grabbed Rudolph’s neck, and slammed him against the wall.
“Wait! Let’s talk-!” Rudolph gasped for air as he attempted to plead for his life. But Caden gripped Rudolph’s neck tightly, and his neck snapped. Rudolph died on the spot.
###Chapter 1100 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1100
“I-Is Mr. Saunders dead?”
Caden’s sudden violent outburst toward Rudolph stunned everyone in the room. They began to doubt Rudolph’s treatment after he suggested that a silver needle could cure Caden. Caden flung Rudolph’s lifeless body against the wall. This snapped everyone back to reality.
“Mr. Saunders!” Vivian and Evan were devastated by Rudolph’s death. “Quick! We must restrain Uncle Caden! “Jayden instructed his men to hold Caden down.
But Caden attacked anyone who approached him. “Caden, please stop!” Lily pleaded. “Dad, come back to your senses!” Sheila cried out in despair. Their heartfelt pleas had no effect and only captured Caden’s attention.
“Die!” He charged at Sheila with his hands aimed at his daughter’s neck. “Caden, no!” Lily instinctively threw herself in front of Sheila to shield her.
Suddenly, a silver needle flew from a distance. It hit Caden’s neck, and he froze. Sheila stood stiff with her father’s hand just inches from her neck. Meanwhile, Caden fought against the immobilizing effects of the needle.
“Sheila!” Lily pulled her daughter into her arms and rushed to a safer distance from her husband.
“Just as I anticipated.”
Dustin entered the room with a cup of coffee. He hadn’t left because he feared Rudolph’s treatment would trigger Caden’s madness.
“Dustin, you’re back!” Sheila’s face brightened as if she had seen her savior.
###Chapter 1101 by Marina Vittori
“Your safety is at stake if I don’t return, “Dustin said as he shot another silver needle. Caden was still struggling, but this time, the needle rendered him completely immobile.
“Dustin, don’t you have medical skills? Please help my husband,” Lily pleaded. “I’m sorry, but my medical knowledge is limited compared to Mr. Saunders’.
You should seek his treatment.”
Lily glanced at Rudolph’s lifeless body in the corner and sighed. She knew Rudolph wouldn’t have died if he could cure her husband. Then, she added, “I apologize for offending you earlier. You’re our only hope now that Mr. Saunders is dead.”
Sheila also pleaded, “Dustin, my father has lost his sanity. Please, save him.”
“Okay, I’ll do my best to help you.” Dustin felt indebted to Christopher, so he couldn’t refuse to help his family.
“Thank you.” Sheila expressed her gratitude. But Jayden voiced his concern, “Aunt Lily, are you sure about letting him treat Uncle Caden? Even Mr. Saunders couldn’t do it. Can we trust this punk?”
“Yeah, he’s right! We can’t risk Uncle Caden’s life with this guy’s unproven skills,” Vivian chimed in. Evan added, “I’m worried too. Who will be responsible if something goes wrong?”
“Caden’s condition has worsened. We can’t delay his treatment any longer. Let Dustin give it a shot,” Lily asserted.
Jayden persisted, “Aunt Lily, please don’t take chances with Uncle Caden’s life. Even the doctors from Kimboku and Dragonmarsh couldn’t treat him. What makes you believe this punk can?”
“After all that talk, do you have a better solution?” Lily asked with a frown. When no one responded, she snapped, ” If you don’t, then zip it.”
Afterward, she turned to Dustin and said, “Dustin, please proceed with the treatment.” “Before I start, I’d like unrelated people to leave the room.” Dustin looked at Vivian and the others. “Yes, everyone, please leave. And that includes you.”
“What? You want us to leave?” Vivian was furious. “Who do you think you are, ordering us around? You shameless brat!”
“I agree with Dustin. Do you have a problem with that?” Lily said coldly. Vivian didn’t know how to respond, and her face stiffened.
“Fine, we’ll step out first. Let’s see what this punk can do!” Jayden said.
“Rhys, you better cure Uncle Caden. Or suffer the consequences!” Vivan warned before she left. Evan and the others exited the room, their pride stung from being asked to leave by an insurance agent.
###Chapter 1102 by Marina Vittori
Dustin knocked Caden unconscious after the others had left. Then, he proceeded with the treatment. Caden’s condition had worsened due to practicing forbidden techniques. These techniques drained his vitality, damaged his circulatory pathways, and affected his internal organs.
Moreover, Rudolph’s treatment had exacerbated his condition. Hence, Dustin needed to use silver needles to stabilize Caden’s life force. He then channeled his true energy to clear Caden’s blocked circulatory pathways and mend the injured organs.
Dustin began by inserting the silver needles into Caden’s body. He started at the head, then the chest, and finally the abdomen. Afterward, he flicked the needles to infuse pure energy into Caden’s pressure points.
After one hour, Dustin stopped the flow of his true energy and collected all the silver needles. Lily looked at the unconscious Caden on the bed and asked, “Is it done?”
“Don’t worry, Caden was merely knocked unconscious. He’ll wake up soon,” Dustin reassured her. Then, he handed her a prescription. ” Follow this prescription and prepare the medicine. Give it to him for seven days, and he should recover.”
“Okay,” Lily nodded and instructed someone to prepare the medicine. “Oh, one more thing.” Dustin remembered something important.
He said, “He fell into a frenzy due to the Soul Devouring Technique. When he wakes up, prevent him from practicing such techniques again. Otherwise, his condition may worsen, and no one can save him.’
“Okay, I’ll advise him,” Lily replied.
“In that case, my job here is done.
Goodbye,” Dustin said.
“Dustin, let me escort you out,” Sheila offered.
“No need. Just stay here and take care of your father. If you have any questions, you can contact me anytime.
After Dustin left, Jayden and the others returned to the room. “Aunt Lily, I saw that Dustin has left. Has Uncle Caden been cured?” Jayden asked.
“It seems so,” Lily replied.
“If he’s cured, why hasn’t he woken up yet?” Jayden wondered.
“Aunt Lily, don’t you think you’ve been fooled? That guy was just playing games, knowing he couldn’t do anything, and made a quick exit,” Vivian remarked. Evan warned, “Yeah. Don’t trust someone too easily. People like him will do anything for money!”
“You’re all wrong! Dustin is not a fraud! “Sheila argued. “Sheila, you’re so na?ve. You don’t understand how cunning people can be, “Jayden shook his head.
“Yes, don’t be fooled by Dustin’s sweet words. If Uncle Caden wakes up today, I’ll eat my hat!” Vivian declared.
As soon as she said those words, Caden, lying unconscious in the hospital bed, unexpectedly woke up.
###Chapter 1103 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?” Caden’s sudden awakening stunned everyone in the room, especially Vivian. She shook her head in disbelief. “He’s awake! My dad is awake!” Sheila cheered.
“He actually woke up? Is that punk’s medical skill so amazing?” The group exchanged bewildered glances. They were shocked. Even Rudolph couldn’t find a cure for Caden’s illness, but Dustin had healed him.
“Vivian, any comment? Do you agree now that Dustin’s abilities are amazing? Sheila asked proudly. “Um…” Vivian blushed in embarrassment. She had just made a bold statement and was now proven wrong.
“What’s going on? Why am I here?” Caden, looking confused and in discomfort, tried to sit up despite the pain.
“Dad, you were in a very serious condition, and Dustin saved you!” Sheila explained. Caden furrowed his brow. “Dustin saved me? How is that possible?”
“It’s true!” Sheila insisted. “Without him, you might not have survived.”
“It can’t be,” Caden mused after thinking it over. “If Mr. Saunders couldn’t heal me, there’s no way Dustin could. I doubt he’s that talented!”
He had never liked Dustin and suspected a conspiracy. “Dad, it’s true. Why can’t you believe it? “Sheila was frustrated with her father’s skepticism.
“People can be unpredictable, and we shouldn’t judge based solely on appearances. I’ve been doing martial arts since I was a child, and I’ve always been healthy. So, how did I suddenly become so ill?” Caden asserted.
He continued, “He’s got to be behind this! First, he drugged me, then showed up like some hero to save the day. Next thing you know, he’s our family’s savior and uses that to climb the social ladder. That kid is definitely up to no good!”
At the end of his explanation, Caden was furious. He and Dustin had a big argument the day before, and now he suspected Dustin’s involvement.
“Dad! Why are you saying that? Dustin is not that kind of person!” Sheila defended.
“I agree with Uncle Caden,” Jayden said, sounding serious. “We shouldn’t underestimate someone like Dustin. He might have planned this whole situation.”
“Exactly! Everything adds up. Dustin intentionally drugged Uncle Caden and then faked a rescue to become famous. He’s so despicable!” Vivian said angrily.
“Yeah! What he did is inexcusable!”
“We must get rid of Dustin!”
Everyone joined in to show their anger. Under Caden’s influence, Dustin, the person who had rescued him, was now seen as an outcast.
###Chapter 1104 by Marina Vittori
“No, no! That’s not true!”” Sheila defended Dustin when they said he did something wrong. She shook her head and continued, ” He’s not a bad person. You can’t simply accuse him!'”
“Silly girl, you’re pretty young. Some people hide their true selves really well, and you might not notice it. Only someone like your dad, who can tell things apart, can see it,” Caden said.
“Yes, Sheila, Dustin definitely has ulterior motives. Don’t let him fool you, “the others chimed in and tried to persuade her.
“I don’t believe it! Dustin would never hurt anyone!” Sheila pleaded and turned to Lily. “Mom, please say something. You know Dustin saved me once and cured Dad’s illness, right?”
“Caden, is there a misunderstanding here?” Lily tried to mediate.
“Nonsense!” Caden shouted. With a frown, he said, “Sheila might not see it, but can’t you? I’ve met all kinds of people over the years. Some folks will do anything to gain favor or move up in society. I’ve seen it happen.”
“But-”
Lily wanted to say more, but Caden interrupted her. He asked, “Do you not believe my judgment?”
“That’s not what I meant.” Lily felt embarrassed and didn’t want to upset her husband. So, she stayed quiet instead of defending Dustin.
“Dad! Mom! Why are you doing this?” Sheila was upset because Dustin had saved her father’s life, but now he was being treated unfairly.
“Sheila, I know you care about Dustin, but don’t let your feelings blind you,” Caden advised.
He added, “He doesn’t have money or a high social status. You two are very different, and it won’t work out.”
“Dad, what are you saying?” Sheila felt embarrassed and angry.
“I’m saying this because I want the best for you. Your future husband should be successful and well-off. Dustin is from a different world. He doesn’t fit the bill,” Caden said, disapproving of a country doctor being his son-in-law.
“Listen to Uncle Caden, Sheila. Dustin and our family come from different backgrounds,” Jayden chimed in.
“Yes, Sheila, you need to face reality. Dustin might be charming, but people like him can be quite cunning,” Vivian added.
“Sheila, we’re just looking out for you. Consider our advice and maybe distance yourself from Dustin. Break ties with him if you can,” Evan advised.
“Stop it, please!” Sheila covered her ears. She couldn’t believe Dustin was a bad person, but she struggled with the obvious social gap between them. She wondered if she had the right to pick her friends.
“Sheila, this is the truth,” Lily whispered.
“Being friends with Dustin is fine, but don’t get too involved. In this world, some people are meant to be leaders, and others aren’t. Love alone can’t bridge such a big gap.”
She appreciated Dustin for saving her husband and daughter but didn’t support their relationship.
“That’s enough… I won’t listen… you’re all wrong!” Sheila couldn’t handle their criticism and left the room.
Her family’s opposition and her friends advice hurt deeply. She wondered if her feelings for Dustin were a mistake.
“Sheila!”
Lily wanted to follow, but Caden stopped her. “Let her be. She needs to grow up.”
“I hope she’ll come around,” Lily sighed quietly. In her experience, love often didn’t lead to happiness. She had seen many wealthy young women give up everything for love and end up heartbroken.
###Chapter 1105 by Marina Vittori
Lily strongly disapproved of Sheila having a relationship with Dustin.
“Why do things have to be like this?” Sheila was crying under a dim streetlight after leaving the hospital. She loved Dustin regardless of his background, but everyone disapproved of their relationship.
She asked herself, “Should I follow my heart and go after love, or should I listen to my family and hide my feelings?”
Suddenly, a mysterious black SUV with fake license plates pulled up beside Sheila. Men in masks got out of the vehicle and surrounded her.
Sheila asked, “Who are you? What do you want?” She instinctively stepped back. The leader of the masked group said, ” Our master wants to talk to you, Ms. Murray. Please come with us.”
“I won’t go with you! Leave me alone!”
“Catch her,” the leader ordered his men, and they quickly rushed to stop Sheila. “Let go of me!” She struggled as she cried for help. “Sorry, Ms. Murray, but we must take you with us.”
The leader signaled his men to put Sheila in the car. Then, they drove away, leaving one of her shoes behind.
Meanwhile, inside Zephyr Lodge, Dustin was drinking with Kirin gang members that night. They were toasting Maximus’s leadership of the Flame Dragon Guild, which had been vacant for a while,
Despite recovering from his illness, Gregory still hadn’t given up drinking. At that moment, Dustin’s phone rang. An unfamiliar voice said, “Hello, Mr. Rhys? Your girlfriend, Sheila, is with us. To ensure her safety, bring the Cherusia to the Northern Steel Factory. Remember, you must come alone.”
The call ended abruptly, and then a video was sent to him. In the video, Sheila was tied up with masked people surrounding her.
Dustin’s face darkened as he watched the video. He hadn’t expected Sheila to encounter trouble right after he left the hospital. He guessed the kidnappers must have already planned this meticulously.
“I need to step out for a moment. Enjoy yourself!” Dustin promptly rose from his seat and left. With only a few people aware of the Cherusia, Dustin couldn’t help but wonder who was scheming in the shadows.
###Chapter 1106 by Marina Vittori
Sheila was tied up and unconscious in an abandoned steel factory, her eyes covered with a black cloth. Meanwhile, Diego had a charming smile as he savored good wine and steak.
“Mr. Bourbon, our target hasn’t shown up. Maybe he won’t come,” a burly red- robed warrior reported.
“Don’t rush it. Let’s wait,” Diego said and put down his utensils. He continued, “I’ve already looked into it. Dustin has a serious relationship with Sheila. Given his personality, he’ll come to rescue her.”
“I’m worried he won’t give up the Cherusia. Should we send our guys to attack the Zephyr Lodge and take the treasure?” the red-robed warrior suggested.
“Fools!” Diego scolded. “Zephyr Lodge has many strong elites. Even if we succeed, we will lose many of our men.”
“The fighters from Dragonmarsh aren’t very strong, Mr. Bourbon. You’re giving them too much credit,” the red- robed warrior complained. He believed their battle-tested Kimboku warriors were tougher than Dragonmarsh martial artists.
“Dragonmarsh martial artists may not be the best, but they have numbers on their side. Even a strong tiger needs to be careful around a pack of wolves,” Diego reminded.
“I understand,” the red-robed warrior nodded reluctantly. He didn’t seem to respect the Dragonmarsh martial artists. It was probably because they weren’t important fighters in the past.
Suddenly, a cold voice spoke from nowhere, “Are you waiting for me?”
“Who’s there?” Everyone became alert and started looking around. A figure emerged from the darkness- it was Dustin. “Mr. Rhys, you’ve arrived. I’ve been expecting you.” Diego smiled as he greeted Dustin.
“Who are you guys?”
Dustin looked around. He discovered that there were between twenty and thirty people hiding out in the area. Five were elites, and the rest were formidable warriors.
Such force could easily overpower a coalition of wealthy families. “I’m Diego Bourbon, and I’m delighted to meet you,” Diego said.
“Bourbon? You’re from Kimboku, right? “Dustin asked. “Yes,” Diego replied. “I’ve heard you have the Cherusia. I’m willing to pay for it. Can we make a deal?”
“Wow, you have perfected your Dragonmarsh’s accent to a tee. Unfortunately, I can’t sell it to you,” Dustin refused.
“Is my offer not good enough? Tell me your price,” Diego insisted, smiling.
“I don’t like being threatened. By arranging this meeting like this, you’ve already crossed a line. No matter how much money you offer, I won’t sell it to you,” Dustin said firmly. Diego was less than pleased.
###Chapter 1107 by Marina Vittori
“Bastard!” The red-robed warrior couldn’t control his anger and drew his sword.
“Mr. Rhys, there’s a saying in Dragonmarsh: ‘Do something at your peril.’ Hand over the Cherusia, and I’ll spare both of you. Refuse, and there’s only one outcome. Death!” Diego threatened Dustin.
“Do you think your group can take me down? Are you that brave?” Dustin taunted. “Don’t believe me? Give it a try,” Diego snapped his fingers.
The red-robed warrior dashed toward Dustin with his sword. He roared, “Folks from your Dragonmarsh are nothing but eastern Scoundrels. Today, you’ll learn a lesson.
“What did you just call us?” Dustin’s face hardened, and he looked ready for a fight. About eighty years ago, Dragonmarsh had just been through a war. The Kimboku people often looked down on Dragonmarsh and called them “eastern scoundrels”.
After many years, Dragonmarsh improved and became a stronger country. But the shame from that period remained etched in memory. So, when the red-robed warrior said that derogatory term, Dustin was angry.
“What’s the matter? Offended? Your people will always have to show respect to us. It’s like how dogs listen to their owners. Begging with their tails wagging.”
He continued, “But I must say, your girlfriend is beautiful. I’ll enjoy her after I kill you. Oh, I think I’ll torture her right in front of you!” The red- robed warrior laughed arrogantly.
Then, the other black-robed warriors around him joined in. They believed they were far superior to Dragonmarsh’s martial artists.
“You’re going to die!” Dustin’s anger flared up, and he charged forward. “Die!” The red-robed warrior yelled. He charged forward and aimed his sword at Dustin’s head.
But to his surprise, the sword shattered upon impact, and Dustin was left unharmed.
“What?!” The red-robed warrior was shocked. He never thought a person’s head could be tougher than a sword. Dustin punched the red-robed warrior’s chest before he could react.
###Chapter 1108 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1108
Dustin’s powerful punch pierced through the red-robed warrior’s chest. Blood was gushing out of him. Stunned by the blow, the red-robed warrior looked at his wounded chest. He had underestimated the strength of the Dragonmarsh martial artist. Then, he collapsed to the ground and died.
“Fool!” Dustin’s face remained expressionless. He stomped on the red- robed warrior’s head so hard that it exploded.
This was unlike Dustin’s usual style. But the derogatory comments directed at Dragonmarsh and the teasing toward Sheila had pushed him to this point.
“What?” Diego could not believe his eyes. Dustin had defeated his powerful warrior with a single punch.
“Bastard!”
In response to their comrade’s death, the Kimboku warriors drew their swords in unison. “Kill him!” Diego ordered his warriors to attack. Their initial plan to capture Dustin alive was now forgotten.
“Charge!” The warriors brandished their swords and charged. At that moment, Dustin stomped his foot and summoned a nearby sword into his hand.
“Die!” He swung it with great force, creating a powerful energy blade that hit the warriors. The black-robed warriors at the front were caught off guard. The energy blade pierced them.
At the same time, the four red-robed. warriors tried to block Dustin’s energy blade but failed as their swords shattered. Dustin’s energy blade sliced through the warriors and tore down a wall.
At that moment, the afflicted warriors stood frozen as if turned to stone. They dropped to the ground in a spray of blood seconds later; their bodies now severed at the waist.
“One slash?!” Diego was shocked. He could not believe that a single slash had taken the lives of over twenty powerful warriors.
###Chapter 1109 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1109
“Is this guy a monster?” Diego muttered.
“Okay. It’s your turn!” Dustin glared at the scared Diego. “Mr. Rhys, let’s talk it out. No need for a showdown. I’ll return your woman and leave, never bothering you again,” Diego begged.
He had over twenty warriors at his disposal, but they were no match for Dustin. He couldn’t believe Dustin was this terrifying.
“Your fate was sealed when you kidnapped someone. Words won’t save you now,” Dustin declared, raising his sword. “Wait!” someone shouted. Then, Jayden stormed in with soldiers, followed by Vivian and Evan.
“You came just in time. These Kimboku people attempted to kidnap Sheila. Arrest him and bury them,” Dustin said, pointing to the lifeless bodies on the floor.
“Shut up! You have no say here!” Jayden retorted. He was surprised to see Diego. “Diego? Is that you?”
Diego was equally surprised. He had met Jayden during their studies abroad, and they were acquainted. “So, what brings you here?” Jayden asked.
“I…” Diego was speechless. He couldn’t confess to kidnapping Sheila and using her as leverage against Dustin.
“He won’t say it, so let me tell you,” Dustin explained. “He kidnapped Sheila with bad intentions. So, he should be arrested and interrogated to uncover other accomplices.”
“Hmm?” Jayden furrowed his brow.
“Jayden, it’s a misunderstanding. Don’t buy into his nonsense!” Diego began to deny it. He knew confessing now would seal his fate.
“Diego, whether it’s true or not, I’ll conduct a thorough investigation. I won’t wrong an innocent person or let a guilty one escape,” Jayden asserted. Then he turned back to Dustin. “Do you have evidence to support your claim that he kidnapped Sheila?”
“Do o you need evidence?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. “Take a good look around.” “I just got here. Can you explain what happened?” Jayden retorted.
Dustin pointed at the bodies on the ground. “See these masked men? They’re Kimboku warriors. Diego is from Kimboku, too. Do you see the connection? Isn’t that enough evidence?” Diego’s nervousness became evident at Dustin’s words.
“Not enough,” Jayden shook his head. “Is this not sufficient? Okay!” Dustin grabbed Diego and took out his phone.
He showed a video of Sheila’s kidnapping, saying, “Look at this video Diego recorded. Now, isn’t it clear who the bad guy is?” Diego couldn’t deny the evidence and looked pale.
“Let me see…” Jayden looked at the video. But then, trying to stay calm, he insisted, “This video is fake! Don’t accuse Diego without proof, or things won’t be pleasant!”
With that, he crushed the phone to destroy the evidence.
###Chapter 1110 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1110
“Huh?” Dustin looked at the crushed phone in shock. He hadn’t expected Jayden to do something like this. Jayden had boldly. destroyed evidence in front of everyone to protect Diego.
Even Diego seemed surprised that Jayden had intervened on his behalf. “Diego, don’t worry. I’ve got your back, “Jayden said.
Sheila had been kidnapped, and Jayden didn’t care about that. But he saw an opportunity to gain Diego’s favor. It was mainly because the Bourbon family was influential in Kimboku.
“With you supporting me, I’m not worried.” Diego eagerly accepted Jayden’s help. “Jayden, are you teaming up with Diego like this?” Dustin’s expression hardened.
He had caught the person responsible and provided evidence. However, in an effort to cover up for Diego, Jayden lied and destroyed evidence. It was a despicable act.
“Dustin, you have no evidence to accuse Diego. How bold of you!” Jayden responded. He added, “And I have reason to believe the video you showed is fake. It was probably staged by you. You’re the one who kidnapped Sheila!”
“Are you fucking blind? Can’t you see that all the bodies are Kimboku warriors?” Dustin just had to swear. He thought, ” This guy is not only shielding the criminal but also trying to cover it up.”
“Hmph! Diego and the Kimboku warriors came to rescue Sheila and strengthen the friendship between our countries. But, when caught in the act, you killed those Kimboku warriors.
Now you’ve ruined any potential for peace and friendship between our nations!” Jayden stated. In just a few words, he accused Dustin of a serious crime.
“Heh… What a way to twist the truth,” Dustin laughed bitterly.
“Jayden Murray, as a descendant of the general’s family, you should have more integrity and courage. But here you are, not acting honorably but serving as a lapdog for Kimboku. You’re a disgrace!”
“How dare you!”
“Fools!” The crowd was furious at Dustin and glared at him. “Rhys, I always knew you were up to no good, but I never thought you’d kidnap Sheila,” Vivian yelled.
“Yeah, if Mr. Bourbon hadn’t shown up in time to save Sheila, you might have violated her. You jerk!” Evan added.
“Bastard! We totally misjudged you!”
“Scum like you should be punished and put in jail!” The others directed their anger at Dustin and called him the kidnapper.
“Dustin, you had bad intentions and committed crimes. I order you to give up now. Apologize to Diego, or face the consequences!” Jayden declared coldly. He knew someone like Dustin would obey him.
“Jayden, I underestimated how despicable you could be,” Dustin said.
He then looked at the rest and back at Jayden. “You might be good at this, but you messed with the wrong person today. Do you really think you can blame me for a crime with mere words, or can you take me on?”
“What? You dare to resist?”
###Chapter 1111 by Marina Vittori
Jayden sneered. “Look around you. Everyone here follows my orders. If you act recklessly, you’ll be shot!”
“Mr. Rhys, bullets stray. Just give up,” Diego bragged. He knew the folks in Dragonmarsh often fought among themselves and began to enjoy the show.
“Rhys, if you want to stay alive, surrender now. Otherwise, you’ll regret it!” Vivian and her arrogantly. group declared “Jayden, you’re playing with fire,” Dustin warned.
He added, “Out of respect for General Murray, I don’t want violence. Leave now, and we can forget what happened. But if you keep protecting Diego, I won’t show you mercy.”
“Mercy?” Jayden laughed and thought Dustin was a fool. “Dustin, who do you think you are to threaten me? I can kill you with just a word!”
He snapped his fingers, and all the soldiers behind him pointed their guns at Dustin. “Now, kneel!” Jayden ordered, pointing down confidently.
“What did you say?” Dustin remained unfazed.
“Are you deaf? I said kneel-”
Before Jayden could finish, Dustin had grabbed his face and lifted him. Jayden’s face twisted like he was caught in a spider’s web, rendering him speechless.
“How dare you!”
“Release Mr. Murray!”
The others were furious but didn’t dare do anything with Jayden as a hostage.
“I can end you as easily as picking a flower. I have no reason to kneel,” Dustin said while grabbing Jayden’s face with one hand. He despised those who groveled to outside powers.
“Dustin! You’re committing a crime for going against the general’s family!” Jayden threatened in pain. “I warn you, let me go now, or you’ll pay for this with your life!”
“As a descendant of the general’s family, you’re nothing but a pathetic weakling, a disgrace. Your father obviously didn’t teach you a thing, so I will!” Dustin stated before punching Jayden in the stomach.
Jayden screamed in agony. He doubled over and nearly vomited. But Dustin’s hand prevented it, and Jayden struggled, choking and coughing. His face turned red from the suffering.
“I… I’ll kill you! I swear, I’ll kill you!” Jayden seethed with hatred, his calm demeanor replaced by anger and pain.
“Is that so?” Dustin chuckled, still holding Jayden’s face with one hand and repeatedly hitting his stomach with the other.
Each punch was harsh, and Jayden cried in pain, convulsing uncontrollably. He was even losing control of his bladder. At that moment, Jayden was silenced.
###Chapter 1112 by Marina Vittori
“Stop!”
Just as Dustin was punching Jayden, a sudden cry rang out from behind them. Dustin turned to find Sheila awake and bewildered.
She hadn’t expected to wake up to this scene and was confused about what was happening. “Dustin, what’s going on?” Sheila asked, looking puzzled.
“I’m teaching Jayden a lesson on behalf of General Murray,” Dustin replied bluntly. “He’s been helping the bad guys, and I’m trying to keep him from causing harm to others and himself.”
“That’s nonsense!” Vivian interjected. She added, “Sheila, Dustin was the one who kidnapped you. We came to rescue you, but Jayden got caught up in this mess when Dustin attacked him. Look at Jayden; he’s been badly injured.”
“Exactly! This guy has no shame. When we exposed him, he resorted to violence. He’s truly despicable!” Evan added. Sheila, still puzzled, turned to Dustin and asked, “Is what they’re saying true?
“Do you think I’m the kind of person they describe?” Dustin replied with a question. “No.” Sheila shook her head. “But why did you attack Jayden?”
Dustin explained, “This Diego, from Kimboku, kidnapped you and used you to threaten me. After I dealt with the Kimboku warriors, Jayden and his men arrived.
“Instead of condemning Diego, Jayden defended him and accused me. He even threatened to have me arrested. Shouldn’t someone like him be taught a lesson?”
Sheila was momentarily speechless. She wondered if what Dustin said was true, then Jayden’s actions were indeed questionable.
“Sheila, please don’t let him fool you. He’s lying!” Jayden shouted as he endured the pain. He continued, “He’s the one who kidnapped you. We caught him in the act, so he attacked me. He’s not a good person!”
Those words made Sheila hesitant. She believed Jayden had always been upright and of good character. Hence, she had good reason to believe he wouldn’t do anything to ruin his reputation.
“Sheila, whether it’s true or not, you can judge for yourself by looking at the bodies on the ground,” Dustin said.
“Those are all Kimboku warriors, the ones who kidnapped you. I believe you might recognize some of them. So, you decide.”
Sheila carefully looked at the bodies. She recognized a few of them by their tattoos. Finally, she confirmed that they were indeed her kidnappers.
“Jayden, these Kimboku warriors seem to be the real kidnappers. What’s going on?” Sheila asked as she turned to Jayden with a frown.
“Sheila, don’t be fooled!” Jayden said firmly. “This is all a setup by Dustin. He planned the abduction and then posed as the hero to gain your favor. He’s a schemer! Don’t believe his lies!”
Dustin couldn’t help but sneer. ” Jayden, you’ve no more shame in you. You accuse me without evidence, but what about Diego behind you? What role does he play in all of this?”
He had initially thought Jayden was sly, but he hadn’t expected him to be so shamelessly deceitful. Jayden was blatantly telling lies.
“Hmph! Diego is the only survivor and the sole witness!” Jayden asserted; he sounded so sure. “Dustin paid Diego to kidnap you and later planned to kill him to cover his tracks. He’s despicable!
With that, Jayden winked at Diego.
###Chapter 1113 by Marina Vittori
Diego was startled but quickly apologized, saying, “Miss Sheila, I’m sorry for earlier. The kidnapping was all planned by Dustin. If I had known your identity, I would never have kidnapped you.”
He showed his sincere regret. Taking the chance, Jayden added, Sheila, did you hear that? Dustin is the real bad guy!”
“That’s right! Dustin is responsible for everything!” Vivian said. Evan chimed in, “I agree! He’s sneaky and will do anything to get what he wants!”
“We can all testify! Dustin kills these warriors to cover his tracks!” Everyone started talking, and it became hard to tell the guilty from the innocent. Sheila was confused and lost. She wasn’t good at making decisions and didn’t know whom to trust now.
“Sheila, I’m telling the truth,” Dustin said.
“Sheila, I’m your cousin. Would I lie to you?” Jayden pleaded.
“Sheila, why would I kidnap you?”
“Sheila, we’ve known each other for years. Have I ever lied to you?”
“Sheila, stay calm and think. Don’t let anyone fool you.”
“Sheila, would you trust a stranger over your cousin?” Dustin and Jayden argued back and forth, both trying to convince her.
“Stop, please stop!” Sheila covered her ears and sat on the ground, looking confused and hurt. She couldn’t tell who was telling the truth.
“Sheila-”
Dustin was about to comfort her. Suddenly, Jayden, who could move again, pulled out a knife and aimed it at Dustin’s chest.
“Die!” Jayden sneered and thrust the knife at Dustin. He believed that as long as he killed the man before him, who cared about right or wrong?
With dozens of witnesses, could they not persuade Sheila? The knife tip pierced through the clothes. However, Dustin’s protective energy sphere blocked it, preventing it from going further.
“Huh?” Jayden was stunned and wondered why his knife couldn’t go through. “Are you seeking death!” Dustin’s eyes hardened, and he punched Jayden in the stomach.
With a muffled sound, Jayden was sent flying more than thirty feet away. He crashed heavily into the wall. Jayden coughed up blood, teetering on the brink of death.
###Chapter 1114 by Marina Vittori
A sudden loud noise startled everyone. They turned to see Jayden stuck in the wall. Only his hands and feet were showing, blood coming out from his mouth and nose..
“Jayden!”
“Mr. Murray!” After a moment of shock, their faces paled. They rushed to get Jayden out of the wall and give him first aid.
“Rhys, how could you harm the Murray family’s heir? This is outrageous!” Vivian exclaimed. “Dustin! If anything happens to Jayden, you won’t get away with it!” Evan warned firmly.
“Are you all blind? Jayden attacked me first. I was only defending myself,” Dustin replied.
“I didn’t see anything. All I saw was you injuring someone. Turn yourself in or face serious consequences!” Vivian’s expression turned sinister.
“That’s right! Surrender now!” Evan added.
“Fools,” Dustin sneered, ignoring their threats. He knew Jayden attacked him first, and if he hadn’t acted fast, it could have been deadly.
Grandmaster martial artists like him relied on their protective energy sphere to handle sharp weapons. Hence, depending only on their bodies wasn’t enough. Otherwise, it would be his demise.
“Sheila, did you see what just happened? This guy lacks martial ethics. He attacked Jayden, possibly with the intent to kill!” Vivian continued to stir the pot.
“Yes, Sheila! Dustin is deceitful. He’s a wolf in sheep’s clothing. Jayden only argued with him, and he responded with this vicious attack!” Evan added fuel to the fire.
“Dustin, why did you do this?” Sheila asked in disbelief. Jayden was her cousin, and Dustin’s attack looked deadly.
“Sheila, Jayden stabbed me with a knife. I acted on instinct,” Dustin explained. At that moment, Vivian discreetly took the knife from Jayden’s hand. “Stabbed you?” Sheila scrutinized Dustin but discovered no injuries on him.
She expressed her disappointment, her eyes welling up with tears. “Dustin, do you still want to lie to me? Do you think I’m naive and easily fooled? Yes, I may be naive, but I’m not blind!
“If you have no ulterior motives, why did you attack someone? I always thought you were a good person and trusted you. But why? Why do you lie to me?”
As she spoke, her eyes turned red. She had struggled to believe her father’s accusations, hoping that Dustin was sincere. But witnessing his attack shattered her trust.
“Sheila, what are you saying?” Dustin furrowed his brow. He said earnestly, “I’ve never lied to you and always considered you a friend.
“A friend?”
###Chapter 1115 by Marina Vittori
Sheila laughed at herself, her voice trembling with mixed emotions. “If you think of me as a friend, why did you hurt Jayden? Why did you kidnap me? What’s the point of it all?”
Dustin was momentarily speechless. He had mentioned his involvement in the fight with Jayden earlier. Still, Sheila didn’t believe him.
She had already decided, and it seemed pointless to explain. Trust faded once suspicion took hold, which he had come to accept.
“Why are you so quiet? Are you admitting you did it?” Sheila’s voice quivered with disappointment. “It seems my dad was right about you. Your past actions were just an act to gain our favor.”
She continued, “I thought you were different and special. You’re not like those who care only about power. But now I see I was mistaken.
“You’re like those who pretended to be close to me but were better at hiding your true intentions. You fooled me, made me doubt myself, and almost caused problems in my family.”
“Dustin! I hate you!” Sheila shouted and began to cry. She had genuinely trusted him, believing she had found real affection, only to be deceived. She couldn’t figure out what she had done wrong.
Confronted with Sheila’s accusations, Dustin shook his head and laughed bitterly. He knew Sheila had made her choice. She had chosen her family. It made sense, so he had no reason to be upset with her decision.
“Ms. Murray, I’m sorry for letting you down. You’re right; I’m someone who seeks recognition. But I’ve never lied to you. However, that doesn’t matter now. I have nothing more to say.” Dustin didn’t elaborate or defend himself.
He continued, “I hope you’ll be more careful in the future with the people you trust to avoid further disappointment. You’re safe now. I’ve fulfilled my obligation to General Murray. Your path from here on is own. Take care of yourself. See you soon. your
With those words, Dustin turned and walked away. The others instinctively made way for him as they were too afraid to stop him.
“Dustin…”
As Sheila watched him leave, a sense of panic gripped her. She reached out as if to stop him but found herself at a loss for words.
She had a vague feeling that she had missed something important. The connection she had with Dustin had shattered in an instant, and now, they were strangers.
“Sheila, I warned you about Dustin,” Vivian said as she was eager to fan the flames. “You’ve finally seen his true nature. Stay away from him in the future. He’s not right for you.”
“Yeah, Sheila, luckily you realized it in time,” Evan added. “If you continue to be fooled by him, you would’ve made a big mistake. Did you see how he attacked Jayden? Absolutely terrible!”
Sheila let out a soft sigh, her emotions in turmoil. Despite feeling uneasy, she ultimately pushed her doubts aside.
She realized that the gap between them was too wide. Even without this incident, they could never have truly connected. They came from different worlds and were meant to stay apart.
###Chapter 1116 by Marina Vittori
“Mr. Murray! Mr. Murray, wake up!”
The loud shout suddenly interrupted Sheila’s thoughts. She turned quickly to see Jayden, who was unconscious.
“Jayden!” Sheila rushed to check on him. Dustin had punched Jayden hard in the stomach. It left him barely breathing and on the brink of death.
“That Dustin went way too far, injuring Jayden like this,” Vivian fumed. “I wish that guy hadn’t run off so quickly. Or I’d have beaten him to death,” Evan grumbled. Though they couldn’t beat him in a fight, they were seething in anger.
“Quick, let’s get him to the hospital!” Sheila called for help, and they quickly got Jayden into a car, racing to East Swinton Hospital.
Soon, the doctors began to treat Jayden’s injury. It wasn’t until late at night that Jayden was finally out of danger. Luckily, Dustin had held back to avoid causing fatal harm.
In the ICU, Jayden lay unconscious. He looked as pale as a ghost. Caden and the others stood vigil at his side.
The past few days had been tumultuous for the Murray family. First, Roxanne was injured by a horse. Caden ended up in the hospital, and now Jayden was in critical condition. What worried them the most was that all these incidents seemed connected to Dustin.
“How’s Jayden doing?” Edgar rushed into the ward, looking disheveled. He’d been busy all day and had just heard about his son.
“Edgar, don’t worry too much. Jayden is now in stable condition,” Caden reassured him.
“Who would dare attack my son?” Edgar fumed. As the head of the Murray family, he was nearly untouchable in Millsburg. He wondered who would be bold enough to attack his son.
“It’s Dustin,” Caden said firmly. “That punk has no respect. He attacked Jayden and caused serious harm. It’s clear he has no regard for our family.”
“Dustin?” Edgar’s face darkened. “That scoundrel! He harmed Roxanne before, and now he’s hurt my son. I’ll make sure he pays dearly!”
He was livid with his daughter hospitalized just the day before and now his son in a hospital bed.
“Edgar, please, let’s not make a scene. We need to be cautious,” Caden advised with a serious tone. “What do you mean? Do you want me to act like nothing happened to my kids?” Edgar was furious.
“Don’t get me wrong. I’m thinking about what’s best for you,” Caden said firmly. He added, “Remember, it’s Father’s birthday tomorrow. We don’t need a big celebration, but guests will come and go. If we create a ruckus, it will damage the family’s reputation and upset him.”
Edgar furrowed his brow. While he wanted to confront Dustin, he realized that causing a commotion on the eve of their father’s birthday was inappropriate.
“Caden, after everything that’s happened, do you have any suggestions?” Edgar asked.
“Let’s tap into the resources of the Murray family. We’re sure to attract attention, so I propose we seek help from the Martial Arts Alliance. They have skilled people, and with the right money, we can handle Dustin. It’s a practical plan,” Caden suggested.
“You’re right. I almost forgot about that,” Edgar said, his anger fading.
###Chapter 1117 by Marina Vittori
Edgar nodded and said, “I’ll leave this to you. Find some skilled experts to deal with Dustin for me.” He knew money could solve his problem without him having to get his hands dirty.
“No problem,” Caden replied. A thought ran in his mind, “This is Edgar’s order, so any blame would fall on him if things went wrong.”
The next morning, there was a lot of activity in front of the Murray residence. Guests were coming and going to celebrate Christopher’s birthday. He had retired from the public eye but was still highly respected.
Christopher had always kept to himself. He invited only a small group of friends and relatives to his birthday party. However, some unexpected guests had shown up.
At this moment, a black sedan pulled up in front of the mansion. The door opened, and Dustin stepped out, holding a gift. He was accompanied by Cornelius.
“Sir Rhys, you attacked Jayden last night, and now you’re here for General Murray’s birthday. Aren’t you afraid the Murray family will turn against you?” Cornelius asked. He could see that the security inside the residence was tight. It would be hard to leave once they went in.
“General Murray is reasonable. Right and wrong should be clear to him,” Dustin replied.
“Let’s hope so,” Cornelius said, looking grim. Still, he knew they had to be cautious. After all, Christopher might favor his grandson and disregard justice.
“Let’s go in,” Dustin said, handing over the invitation and walking into the Murray residence. The Murray residence had only a few guests, but they were all VIPS- government officials, wealthy city elites, and regional leaders.
It seemed like a regular banquet, but it was a gathering of the elite in the Balerno.
“Hmm?” As Dustin entered the banquet hall, he saw familiar faces- Sheila, Vivian, and Evan, among others. They had been chatting and laughing, but upon seeing Dustin, they froze.
“You… why are you here?” Sheila was stunned. Since their fallout last night, she had been upset and couldn’t sleep. Seeing Dustin now left her speechless.
“Rhys! You’ve got some nerve coming here!” Vivian was angry.
“Once you enter this gate, there’s no turning back. There’s no escape from hell! Today, no one can save you!” Evan grinned maliciously.
They were at the famous Murray residence, a heavily guarded place. Dustin had willingly walked into danger, like a moth drawn to a flame.
###Chapter 1118 by Marina Vittori
“I’ve come to congratulate General Murray on his birthday. I don’t want trouble, so please step aside,” Dustin said despite the shouts and threats.
“Congratulate him? Hmph! Do you even deserve it?” Vivian sneered. She continued, “Who do you think you are? What makes you qualified to congratulate General Murray? If it weren’t for Sheila, you think you’d be allowed in?”
To Vivian, Sheila’s intervention was the only reason Dustin got inside.
“That’s right! Take a good look around. Everyone who is here to congratulate General Murray is from high society. You’re just an insurance agent. What gives you the right to be here with us?” Evan scoffed.
Despite his fighting skills, they viewed Dustin as a mere brute and didn’t think he could cause a scene. Sheila remained silent, watching Dustin with a somewhat uncertain expression. Their relationship had already soured due to the incident the previous night.
She harbored resentment toward him, especially since Jayden was still in the hospital.
“I suggest you not to judge a book by its cover,” Dustin replied indifferently. “I received an invitation to be here. My identity and qualifications are none of your concern.”
“Invitation? Who’s to say you didn’t steal it? You, an outcast, could have done anything,” Vivian sneered.
“Dustin, stop trying to show off. We know who you really are. You’re not in a position to seek favor from General Murray,” Evan said arrogantly.
“Can you both stop talking?” Dustin grew impatient. “I’m not close to either of you. What I do is none of your business. If you taunt me again, don’t expect me to hold back.”
His icy stare pierced both of them. He had ignored these two clowns in the past because of Sheila. But now, after their fallout, he was no longer inclined to be lenient.
“You… How dare you!” Vivian was momentarily stunned by Dustin’s sudden assertiveness. In the past, he had always stayed quiet, seemingly unaffected by her taunts.
She thought he was afraid to respond, but his recent words and fierce gaze showed otherwise. Thinking about Jayden, Vivian realized Dustin was not someone to mess with.
“Rhys! Don’t get too arrogant! We’re in the Murray residence. Do you really dare to cause trouble here?” Evan warned sternly.
“That’s right! I doubt you’d dare to act out here!” Vivian quickly regained her confidence. She believed the Murray residence’s security would prevent Dustin from causing any trouble.
“Oh? Do you think your life is worth more than Jayden’s?” Dustin’s face grew colder as he moved forward. He looked so intimidating, which made everyone take a step back.
“Stop!” Suddenly, Sheila stepped in, her face filled with anger. “Dustin! You’ve already hurt my cousin. Are you going to harm my friends too? I won’t allow that!”
###Chapter 1119 by Marina Vittori
Sheila was surprised by Dustin’s irrational behavior. She never imagined he would become violent over a minor disagreement. At first, she believed he was a good person, but his actions have left her bitter and skeptical.
“Ms. Murray, I’m joking. You have nothing to worry about. I’ll not use violence unless provoked,” he said calmly. Vivian retorted, “Hmph! You’re saying you’re only joking? If Sheila hadn’t intervened, things could have turned violent!”
Evan added, “Dustin, knowing martial arts doesn’t justify reckless behavior. The Murray residence is no place for such conduct!”
“If someone doesn’t annoy me, I don’t resort to violence. But if they do, I might. That’s my advice, and I’ll give you a break now,” Dustin said coldly.
“Sheila, this guy is out of control. You should consider kicking him out before he disrupts the celebration!” Vivian suggested, hoping Sheila would agree.
“Vivian is right, Sheila. One troublemaker can ruin the celebration. Today, we’re celebrating General Murray’s birthday, and many distinguished guests are here. If this guy makes trouble, it’ll hurt the Murray family’s reputation!” Evan added.
“Sheila, we need to think about what’s best for everyone. Kicking this guy out is the right thing to do,” the others agreed, trying to convince her.
“Dustin! You’re not welcome here. I have to ask you to leave!” Sheila said firmly. She agreed with her friends because she didn’t want him to ruin the birthday celebration.
“You want me to go?” Dustin was surprised. Then, he chuckled. “Ms. Murray, your friends can say whatever they want, and I’m just like them-a guest. Is it fair to ask me to leave?”
He always considered Sheila as a sister. Even if she misunderstood him, he was not upset. He believed in mutual respect, even if they couldn’t be close friends.
But now, he realized he had been wrong. Sheila seemed determined to stand by her decision, even if it meant turning against him. Dustin had helped her many times before, but now she was asking him to leave.
“I didn’t invite you, and you’re not one of our guests. I have the right to ask you to leave!” Sheila insisted stubbornly. “Ms. Murray, you didn’t invite me, but your grandfather did. If you want me to go, you should check with him,” Dustin calmly replied.
“You-”
Sheila was irritated. She hadn’t expected him to be so bold and wouldn’t leave even when she told him to. And he even mentioned her grandfather to intimidate her.
“Ignore him, Sheila. He’s probably making up stories about knowing General Murray,” Vivian goaded her. Evan added, “Sheila, stop wasting your time talking to him. Get someone to escort him out!”
“Dustin! If you don’t leave now, I’ll have someone throw you out!” Sheila warned angrily.
“Sheila, show some respect!”
At that point, Cornelius couldn’t hold back any longer and snapped, “Mr. Dustin has bailed you out many times. If you don’t appreciate that, it’s fine. But is this how the Murrays show their gratitude? By mistreating someone
who has helped them.” “I” Sheila was speechless.
###Chapter 1120 by Marina Vittori
“Sheila! They’re lying!” Vivian was concerned about the situation. She continued, “All this talk about saving you and repaying their kindness is nonsense. From the moment Dustin approached you, it was all part of his master plan to win your favor. Don’t be fooled by him!”
Evan interjected, “She’s right, Sheila! He’s a sly guy with hidden motives. You have to be careful!”
As she listened to them, Sheila’s momentary guilt vanished. She realized that Dustin’s actions were not out of genuine kindness. Instead, he had ulterior motives.
She saw his true nature yesterday. And now, she no longer felt any obligation or kindness toward him. Sheila took a deep breath and glanced at Dustin. “Dustin! I don’t want to see you anymore. Please leave.”
“You-”
Just as Cornelius was about to say something, Dustin interrupted him. Dustin looked disappointed. “Miss Murray, it seems you don’t like me. Then, I’ll leave now. Goodbye.” With that, he turned and walked to the door.
He noticed her determination to throw him out. So, there was no reason to stay there anymore. He believed he had conveyed his warm wishes by attending Christopher’s birthday celebration.
“Hmph, he should have left earlier! What a pain in the ass!” Vivian sneered. “Someone, get word to Sir Edgar. As soon as Dustin leaves, detain him!”
Evan was determined to make Dustin feel the consequences of attacking Jayden. He knew he couldn’t disrupt the celebration, but he didn’t want Dustin to get away with what he had done.
“General Murray is here!” As Dustin left, a shout rang out from the bustling crowd. In the banquet hall, Christopher entered with a group of people. With his tall, silver-haired appearance, he attracted attention.
As he entered, a silent wave of reverence went through the room. Heads nodded, and hands instinctively rose in salute.
“Greetings, General Murray!”
A collective chorus echoed through the room. High-ranking officials and prominent figures showed respect to the formidable general. Earlier, Vivian and the others had caused quite a commotion, but now they were silent.
Only Sheila, unfazed by his authoritative presence, approached Christopher with a smile. She casually intertwined her arm with his. To her, he was simply a kind old man.
“All of you don’t have to be so formal. Please, take a seat inside,” Christopher said with a smile. His charisma was undeniable, and he never once appeared authoritarian.
Edgar, the next Murray family patriarch, regarded him with respect. Caden and the other Murray family members also behaved humbly in his presence.
Everyone accepted Christopher’s invitation and took their seats in the grand hall. Dustin was about to leave when Christopher’s attention was drawn to him. “Hey, kid, where are you going?”
Everyone in the hall looked at Dustin as he became the center of attention.
“Dustin!”
Edgar’s expression changed in an instant.
###Chapter 1121 by Marina Vittori
“Is this punk looking for trouble?” Caden narrowed his eyes, his expression hostile.
Diego, who was sitting with the other guests, couldn’t help but smile mischievously. “Well, this is getting interesting.”
After what had happened last night, he had expected Dustin to run away and hide. But Dustin’s bold appearance at the Murray residence had caught him off guard.
“The kid’s in trouble now! General Murray has his eye on him. He won’t get away today!” Evan chuckled maliciously.
“He brought it upon himself! He could’ve left earlier and avoided the whole mess. But no, he chose to stay and become a pain in the ass. He really wants to be in trouble!” Vivian sneered, her face filled with gloating satisfaction. They believed Christopher had learned what had happened to Jayden and wanted revenge.
“General Murray, please accept my well wishes. I’ve some other matters to take care of, so I’ll take my leave,” Dustin said. He bowed courteously and walked away.
“Stop!” Evan suddenly lunged forward, blocking Dustin’s path. He shouted, ” Hey, punk! You think you can come and go as you please and treat the Murrays like they’re nothing?”
He shot Christopher a quick glance. This was his chance to put Dustin in his place and win Christopher’s favor. Evan knew he couldn’t pass up this opportunity.
Thinking about it, Evan couldn’t help but admire his cunning and ability to see through the situation. He believed he was playing it brilliantly.
“Hmm?” Evan’s sudden appearance puzzled Christopher. He wondered, “Who is this kid, and what’s he up to?”
“You asked me to leave earlier, and now you want me to stay. What’s all this about?” Dustin asked impassively.
“Hmph! Spare us your excuses!” Evan said menacingly. “You’ve offended General Murray and ruined everyone’s mood. And now you’re just going to run away? That’s just a pipe dream!”
“That’s right! You sneaked into the Murray residence with bad intentions. People like you need to be dealt with! Fortunately, General Murray sees through your true colors. Today, you’ll not escape justice!” Vivian declared, full of self-righteousness.
While scolding Dustin, she tried to win Christopher’s favor as well. She played her cards skillfully, raising and lowering her sights in this situation.
“Hey, what’s going on here?” Christopher frowned in annoyance at the two of them. He wondered, “Where did these two fools come from, and why can’t they tell right from wrong?”
“General Murray, when dealing with someone like him, there’s no need for you to personally get involved. Let us handle it. I promise you we’ll take care of him thoroughly!” Evan said confidently. He hadn’t quite grasped the gravity of the situation while trying to impress Christopher.
“Yes, General Murray, today is your birthday, and this isn’t the time to get angry. Let us handle this for you,” Vivian added. She was desperate for Christopher’s approval and to be acknowledged by him.
“Guards! Arrest this troublemaker who has committed several crimes. Interrogate him thoroughly!” Evan proudly waved his hand in the direction of Christopher’s guards. He acted as if he owned the place.
“Unbelievable!” Christopher stood up abruptly, his anger flaring as he walked toward them. He slapped Evan and Vivian across the face and scolded them. “Have you both lost your minds? This person is a distinguished guest of the Murray family. Who gave you the courage to disrespect my guest?”
###Chapter 1122 by Marina Vittori
“Ouch!” Evan and Vivian winced at the unexpected slap that caught them off guard. They held their burning cheeks, confused by the sudden turn of events. They couldn’t understand Christopher’s actions, especially since Dustin was the troublemaker.
The Murray family and their guests were also baffled. No one had expected Christopher to slap someone out of anger on his special day.
“General … General Murray.” Evan tried to argue. “Did you confuse us with someone else? This punk is causing trouble and should be dealt with.”
Vivian added, “Yes, General Murray, he even assaulted Mr. Murray last night. He committed a crime and should be punished.”
She believed that Christopher might not know the truth. “Quiet!” Christopher glowered at them. His authoritative voice filled the room.
He continued, “Dustin saved my granddaughter’s life. He’s the savior of the Murray family and my most esteemed guest. Any more of this nonsense, and I’ll have you removed!” Anxiety set in as Evan and Vivian fell silent.
They knew the grave consequences of being kicked out of the Murray residence. It wasn’t just about the damage to their family’s reputation but also about being shunned by others. No one would risk upsetting the Murrays by associating with Evans and Vivian’s family.
“Grandpa-”
Sheila was about to interject, but Edgar interrupted her. “Dad, it’s your birthday. Don’t get upset over the little things. Please, calm down.”
Edgar forbade Sheila from speaking any further. He knew explaining the truth to Christopher wouldn’t do any good. Christopher’s earlier statement had set the tone, and they had to stick to it. Therefore, his authority was unquestioned in front of the many guests.
Christopher shot a stern glance at Evan and Vivian and then turned to Dustin. In a commanding tone, he said, “Come with me, kid. Let’s sit at the main table and see who dares to disagree again.”
He led Dustin to the VIP table, where members of the Murray family and their close friends were seated. The casually dressed Dustin seemed out of place among them.
Everyone fell silent, for no one dared to go against Christopher. Therefore, they all smiled at Dustin and greeted him politely.
“Shameless punk. He’s taking advantage of his role as Sheila’s savior to gain sympathy from General Murray. How despicable,” Vivian muttered angrily, gritting her teeth.
She was a member of a distinguished family, but she wasn’t even qualified to sit at the VIP table. It made her wonder why a lowly insurance agent was given this privilege.
“Hmph! This is just a temporary moment of glory. Once General Murray learns the truth, Dustin will suffer the consequences!” Evan explained.
He touched his sore cheek, anger flaring in his eyes. He couldn’t take his frustration on Christopher, so he directed it at Dustin instead.
“One of these days I’m going to get even with you,” Edgar muttered with a frown. He had believed that Evan and Vivian would be able to handle Dustin. But Christopher’s intervention had spoiled his plans. Although he was unhappy, he couldn’t show it.
After the incident, the atmosphere gradually returned to normal. More guests came and brought gifts to celebrate Christopher’s birthday.
###Chapter 1123 by Marina Vittori
As more and more guests arrived, there was a great commotion in the banquet hall. “Hello, I’m the regional chief of Aurumvale. I wish General Murray a year filled with health and happiness!”
“I’m Cullen Avery from Advantia. May General Murray’s birthday be as wonderful as the memories you’ve created.”
“I’m the president of the Haydon Group. I wish General Murray a birthday filled with love and gratitude!”
After their arrival was announced, a group of well-dressed guests entered the room. Among them were leading military leaders, mayors, affluent business moguls, and prominent figures. They all had rare and valuable gifts with them.
“Thank you all for coming to celebrate with us. Please, take your seats,” Edgar, the next family patriarch, warmly welcomed the guests. Christopher, the man of the hour, acknowledged the well-wishes with a smile.
“Sir Gage has arrived!”
A clear voice cut through the chatter, and all eyes turned to the entrance. A middle-aged man dressed in white entered. He was accompanied by two cloaked figures whose faces were hidden.
“Isn’t that General Murray’s youngest son, Gage Murray?” someone whispered.
“I heard he had conflicts with his family and disappeared for years. Who would have thought he’d return today?”
“It’s only right that a son comes back and celebrates his father’s birthday,’ another remarked. Christopher had three sons: Edgar, the oldest; Caden, the middle; and Gage, the youngest.
Gage was notable and known for his bravery and intelligence. He was the designated family heir, but then something strange happened. He suddenly left home, and for five years, no one knew where he went. Today, he surprisingly reappeared.
“Gage?” Edgar exclaimed joyfully and rushed up to embrace him. “It’s been so many years, and you’re finally back!”
“Edgar, have you been well all these years?” Gage smiled weakly.
“Everything is going splendidly! It’s wonderful to see you again after all this time. You’ve become even stronger, just as I expected!” Edgar patted Gage’s shoulder with a smile.
“Gage, why didn’t you inform us earlier that you’re coming back?” Caden added cheerily.
“I figured I’d surprise you all. You won’t be mad at me, will you?” Gage teased.
“You’ve come back, and I couldn’t be happier. How could I be mad at you? As the saying goes, united we stand, divided we fall. We three brothers can build a bright future together with your return!” Caden said.
“Alright, let’s not dwell on this now.’ Edgar interrupted.and led Gage to Christopher. “Dad, guess who has returned.”
“Father, I’ve come back to celebrate your birthday,” Gage said respectfully, presenting his gift with both hands.
Christopher didn’t reach out to accept it. Instead, he snorted coldly. “You left home, and now you dare to come back?”
###Chapter 1124 by Marina Vittori
A shiver ran down Edgar and Caden’s spines as they exchanged uneasy glances. In their family, Gage had always been the golden child. Everyone favored him.
The brothers couldn’t help but wonder why Christopher wasn’t happy about Gage’s return. What caused him to put on such a stern expression even though it had been five years? Any past misunderstandings between father and son should have been cleared up long ago.
“Father, it’s my fault for being ignorant and a fool in the past. I’m sorry,” Gage said. He showed respect to his father. He continued, “I’ve reflected on myself over the years, and I know it’s my fault. I hope you forgive me.”
“Hmm?” Christopher raised an eyebrow. He knew Gage’s stubbornness, so he was surprised to hear him own up to his past mistakes. After years apart, he had never expected his son to apologize.
Gage’s change and newfound maturity shocked him. “Dad, the past is the past. Gage has admitted his mistakes. Please forgive him,” Edgar tried to mediate.
“Yes, Dad, it was just a misunderstanding then. Let’s live together in harmony from now on. There is nothing our family cannot overcome,” Caden added.
Seeing Gage’s respectful demeanor, Christopher’s expression finally softened. He waved his hand and said, ‘ Good to have you back. Take a seat.”
“Thank you, Father.”
Edgar pulled Gage to the head of the table and said, “Gage, come sit here.”
He had always liked his youngest brother. Their long-awaited reunion gave him great pleasure. The rest of the Murray family smiled as they greeted Gage warmly.
They all knew Christopher was troubled by the departure of his youngest son. For five years, Gage’s name was never mentioned in Christopher’s presence.
Plus, Gage’s return and sincere apology had cleared up the past misunderstandings. They believed the Murray family was heading toward a better future.
As time passed, more and more guests, including VIPS, arrived at the banquet hall. Each guest was accompanied by two bodyguards. Since these bodyguards were not allowed to sit, they stood in two rows against the walls.
Dustin watched the bodyguards with great interest. He could sense their impressive presence and their battle- ready demeanor.
When all the guests had gathered, Edgar stood up. He turned to them and said, “Welcome to our father’s birthday celebration. Although he had hoped for a simple gathering, your presence warms our hearts. Let’s raise our glasses to celebrate this special day.”
Edgar poured himself a glass of wine and emptied it, after which the guests did the same as a sign of respect.
“Now, let’s hear a few words from the man of the hour,” Edgar announced. He turned the spotlight on Christopher.
Soon, applause filled the hall.
“I-”
Gage stood up just as Christopher was about to make a speech. He smiled and said, “May I say a few words first?” For a brief moment, Edgar was taken aback. But then, he glanced at his father, who nodded in agreement.
“Of course, Gage, you may speak.
There’s no need for formalities here. We’re all family.”
“Father, for today’s celebration, I’ve prepared a special gift for you. I hope you’ll like it,” Gage said with a genuine smile. He presented a gift box with the utmost respect.
Christopher nodded his approval as he accepted the gift. “You’ve truly matured, my son,” he remarked. “A prodigal son returns home with a heart full of gold. I’m touched by your transformation.”
###Chapter 1125 by Marina Vittori
Christopher eagerly opened the gift box. But his smile instantly vanished when he saw what was inside. The box contained no precious gift or token of affection but plain white silk. Christopher raised an eyebrow and asked, “Is this the gift you prepared?”
“What’s the matter, Father? Don’t you like it?” Gage remained calm and humble. “Do you like it?” Christopher’s expression grew stern. He exclaimed, ” Look what you gave me!”
He threw the gift box to the floor, where it cracked open, and the white silk spilled out. The guests in the banquet hall were astounded. “What’s going on? Why would anyone give the birthday person white cloth?”
“That’s not a white cloth. It’s a white silk used for hanging.”
“White silk? That’s strange. Why would anyone give that?” “No wonder General Murray was upset. I would be, too. What the hell is Gage thinking?”
Whispers and puzzled looks spread through the room. The previously friendly atmosphere grew increasingly tense.
“Why did you give this, Gage?” Edgar asked with a frown.
“Yeah, Gage! Take it back. It’s embarrassing!” Caden scolded. The gift was an ominous item. It was inappropriate for a birthday celebration.
“It seems Father doesn’t like my gift.”
Gage picked up the white silk and ignored the strange looks around him.
He dusted it off and smiled. “This white silk once belonged to my late wife. I’ve held onto it for five years, always intending to give it to you, Father…”
His words shocked the people in the hall, especially the Murray family. Their facial expressions changed drastically.
The incident from the past had almost become a taboo, and no one dared to mention it. They thought Gage had returned to make amends with his family. No one expected him to reopen old wounds.
“Gage! What is the meaning of this? Why are you bringing it up now?” Edgar scolded. He turned to Christopher and pleaded, ” Dad, please don’t be angry at Gage. He must be drunk.”
“If I don’t talk about it, does that mean what happened then never happened?” Gage smiled. He then added, “Do you remember, Father? Your actions led to my wife’s death. You pushed her to hang herself. You manage to tear us apart for good.”
“So, your return today isn’t to celebrate my birthday but to seek justice?” Christopher was unsure of his son’s motives.
Gage’s smile faded. “Father, if you repent and admit your mistakes, perhaps I’ll forgive you.”
“Gage, how could you!” Edgar burst out in anger, slapping Gage across the face. He said, “Today is Dad’s birthday. You can’t do that. Apologize to Dad right now!”
“Apologize?” Gage laughed. He wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth.
Calmly, he continued, “Christopher Murray was responsible for my wife’s death. He destroyed my life and turned it into a living nightmare. Do you really expect me to apologize to him? Are you serious?”
“Dad did nothing wrong back then. It was all your fault. Don’t be stubborn. Drop to your knees and apologize!”
Edgar’s anger level was rising. He was well aware that things would only get worse if Gage resisted.
“Edgar, you’re as submissive as ever. You’re terrified of Christopher’s glare and tremble in fear. You’re so pathetic.
Gage shook his head sadly. “You… You’re hopeless! I’m going to teach you a lesson!” Edgar was outraged and raised his hand to strike. Suddenly, Gage drew a knife and ruthlessly plunged it into Edgar’s chest.
###Chapter 1126 by Marina Vittori
A gruesome sound of flesh being cut apart filled the air. Out of nowhere, Gage stabbed Edgar’s chest with the knife. Blood oozed from the wound and dripped to the floor.
“Huh…” Edgar stood frozen, staring in disbelief at the knife lodged in his chest. He never thought his beloved brother would attack him with such ruthlessness.
Everyone in the banquet hall was shocked. Who would have thought that Gage, who had been calm and smiling, would attack Edgar? This was no longer a simple drunken fight.
“You… how could you …” Edgar stammered. He wanted to say more, but the blood gushed from his mouth. Then, his body swayed, and he slumped to the floor.
“Edgar, don’t worry. The blade missed your heart by just an inch. It won’t take your life for now. Just lie still and don’t make any trouble,” Gage said calmly.
He took out a handkerchief and wiped the blood off his fingers. His demeanor was strangely calm, as if his actions didn’t matter.
Christopher was furious. “Bastard! How could you? Edgar tried to reason with you, and you dare attack him? You’re out of your mind! Men, seize this traitor!”
“Yes, sir.” At his command, a group of armed soldiers stormed in. Unfazed, Gage threw the handkerchief onto the floor.
Suddenly, the bodyguards near the wall sprang into action. Their movements resembled those of wild, fierce tigers, nimble and relentless. They pounced on their prey with calculated precision.
Overwhelmed and outnumbered, the armed soldiers stood no chance. They were eventually subdued, one after another. The situation changed in the blink of an eye.
“What?” Christopher was astonished by the sudden turn of events. He hadn’t expected so many intruders at the banquet. He suspected that some guests must have been bribed.
“Gage! Do you even realize what you’re doing? This is rebellion!” Caden’s anger boiled over, and he glared at his brother.
Gage remained composed. “You taught me survival of the fittest, Caden. We can rebel if we have the strength, right?
Caden warned him, ‘You’re playing with fire! Surrender now with your men, or you’ll regret it!”
He thought, “Do you think the Murray residence is some kind of a playground where anyone can cause trouble?”
“Gage! One wrong move, and you’ll regret it forever. Do you have a death wish? You’re causing a ruckus at the Murray residence!”
“As long as there is room for negotiation, you should stop. Turn in your weapons, or face the consequences!”
“Fool! You’re nothing but a fool!”
The Murray family grumbled and lamented their situation. Once a symbol of unity and wealth, the Murray family was now torn and broken. Each member questioned the cost of their actions.
Gage remained resolute. “Look around. I’m in control now, and everything is at my command.”
Caden scoffed, “Hmph! Do you think you can take over the entire Murray residence with just a handful of people? It’s a pipe dream! Men, capture the intruders!”
###Chapter 1127 by Marina Vittori
The Murray family had a thousand armed forces. It kept order through its formidable presence.
“Where are my reinforcements? I need backup, now!” Caden shouted, but there was no response from outside.
“There’s no need to shout. My men have infiltrated the Murray residence. Your soldiers have been defeated,” Gage said with a faint smile.
“That’s impossible! You’re lying!” Caden’s eyes widened in disbelief. He couldn’t imagine the defeat of a thousand well-trained soldiers. Gage calmly explained, “It took five years of preparation to get me here today.”
“So, you were prepared all along,” Caden said. His face darkened as he looked at his surroundings. He continued, “Gage, you’re brave and resourceful, but there’s one thing you overlooked.”
Gage asked, “What did I overlook?”
“Me!” Caden replied. He slowly removed his coat, revealing his muscular physique. He went on, “I’ve been training for years, and now I’m a semi- grandmaster. Your subordinates won’t stand a chance against me.”
“A semi-grandmaster?”
The crowd reacted in surprise. Attaining the rank of a divine master in Dragonmarsh required immense dedication and hard work. Therefore, reaching the level of a semi- grandmaster was a remarkable achievement. It meant having the ability to confront a thousand foes.
Caden warned Gage, “Surrender now or face the consequences.”
With a mighty stomp, Caden created a deep crater. He unleashed a massive shockwave that sent Gage’s subordinates flying.
Those who witnessed Caden’s power were gripped by fear. They knew that facing a semi-grandmaster was tantamount to a death sentence.
“Sheila, your father is incredibly strong. I doubt Gage would pose any problem today,” Vivian remarked. Evan admitted, “I had no idea Uncle Caden was a martial arts master.” He sounded impressed. He knew being a semi-grandmaster meant Caden could establish a sect with significant influence.
“I’m surprised, too,” Sheila said. She had never seen her father fight like this before. Gage clapped and said, “I didn’t expect you to reach such a level after all these years. I’m impressed.”
“Now that you know my strength, why don’t you give up?” Caden challenged. Gage remained composed. “Your martial arts talent is decent, but you’re not on my level.”
“You’re so arrogant!” Caden shouted.” Today, I’m going to prove you wrong!”
Determined, Caden stormed toward Gage. But a mysterious figure in a black robe, whose face was hidden, appeared behind Gage. It flickered up to stand in front of him, striking at Caden’s palm.
“You must be looking for trouble!”
Undeterred, Caden countered with a series of punches.
As their fists clashed, the black-robed figure remained resolute, letting his robes billow. In a flash, Caden was sent flying. He slammed into a wall and coughed up blood.
###Chapter 1128 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Everyone gasped at the sight before them. They could not believe their eyes. Caden, who they had expected to dominate the fight, was now coughing up blood after only one exchange of blows.
“Caden!”
“Dad!”
Lily and Sheila rushed forward to help him. Caden’s face contorted in shock and disbelief as he coughed up more blood.
His faith in the Soul Devouring Technique had been unshakable. Yet, he could not comprehend his sudden vulnerability. Was he weak, or was his opponent too strong?
“You… who the hell are you?” Caden gritted his teeth. He couldn’t accept his defeat.
“I am Grimshade of Eskus.”
The black-cloaked figure slowly lifted his hood, revealing a foreign face. His cheeks were gaunt, and his eyes were deep-set, giving off an eerie feeling.
“Grimshade? The grandmaster martial artist from Eskus? Why is he here?”
“Gage must have sunk a fortune into this. No wonder Caden couldn’t keep up. “Oh my! The strength of the Murray family is crumbling. If Caden falls here, it could spell our doom!”
Panic and commotion spread through the crowd as Grimshade’s identity was revealed. The Murrays were in big trouble with a grandmaster on the opposing side.
“Grimshade?”
Caden’s fear was evident. “Gage, I didn’t expect you to hire someone from Eskus? Are you pushing the Murray family into a dead end?”
“Caden, I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t have another ace up my sleeve,” Gage said with a grin. He had arranged for this very moment.
“You may be the most talented among us brothers. But sadly, you underestimated our family’s resources. Caden continued, “Do you think a single grandmaster can wipe us out? You’re too na?ve! Today, you’ll witness the true trump card of the Murray family!”
Caden took a deep breath and shouted, “The Murray family is in crisis! Jordan, I summon you!”
His thunderous voice made the glasses on the tables clink and echoed in everyone’s ears. Some Murray family members cheered at the proclamation. Few knew Jordan, a divine-level martial artist. He was hiding in the Murray residence.
If the thousand-armed soldiers were the Murray family’s main force, Jordan was their ultimate secret weapon. Jordan had reached the rank of grandmaster many years ago. His strength was definitely among the finest in Balerno.
During his training, he had always remained secluded. Moreover, he never interfered in the affairs of the family. As a result, no one dared to disturb him in normal times.
Now, with their lives on the line, there was no other option but to seek Jordan’s help. With his involvement, they believed that Grimshade of Eskus would no longer stand a chance.
“It’s too late to turn back now, Gage! If Jordan steps in, your life is in danger!” “That’s right! Surrender while you can or die!”
The Murray family members pleaded with Gage to reconsider.
###Chapter 1129 by Marina Vittori
Grimshade was strong, but compared to Jordan, he fell short.”
“Jordan? I’ve heard of him, but I doubt he can help you now,” Gage said calmly.
“Jordan! Please come out!” Caden shouted in the direction of the mountain. After a long silence and no response, he raised his voice again.
“Caden, there’s no need to shout. Jordan is already here,” Gage said. He took out a cardboard box and casually tossed it on the ground. The box burst open, and a severed head rolled out. It was a bloody head with white hair, expression frozen in shock and terror.
“Is that… Jordan?!” Caden gasped. He backed away several steps, and his face contorted in horror. The others reacted similarly, fear and shock written all over their faces. Horror paralyzed their bodies.
“No, it can’t be! Jordan is dead?”
“Jordan was a grandmaster. How could he end up like this? What happened?”
“Shit! It’s over now. If Jordan is dead, the Murray family is in grave danger!”
The members of the Murray family trembled with fear. It was difficult for them to accept the unbelievable sight.
They had never imagined their most powerful asset would meet such a gruesome fate.
“I have to admit, Jordan was strong. If we hadn’t ambushed him, it would have been challenging to overpower him,” Gage admitted.
His weak smile sent shivers down the spines of onlookers. It made them realize the true horror of Gage’s plot against the Murray family.
“No! It can’t be!” Caden shook his head in disbelief. “Jordan was strong. How could Grimshade manage to kill him?”
“He wasn’t alone,” Gage replied casually. He added, “Have you forgotten that Grimshade and Duskfang have always been inseparable? If Grimshade is here, where do you think Duskfang might be?
“Duskfang?” Caden’s eyes widened in surprise. “Is he here as well?” Duskfang, a grandmaster like Grimshade, was renowned for his tremendous strength.
“Bingo!” Gage snapped his fingers.
Behind him, another figure in a black robe revealed a foreign face- Duskfang, a grandmaster martial artist from Eskus. “If Grimshade couldn’t defeat Jordan, how about him and Duskfang together?
‘Gage asked with a smirk. Caden felt a sense of despair wash over him. His legs buckled, and he slumped to the floor with a hopeless look on his pale face. He knew that this was the end.
Jordan was dead, and the Murrays had no more cards to play. With Gage backed by two grandmasters, the Murrays had no chance once the fight began.
The Murrays were facing an impending disaster. At that moment, the Murray family and their guests were overwhelmed by despair and a sense of helplessness. No one had expected that the once- proud Murray family would find itself in such a dire predicament.
“Father…” Gage looked at Christopher with a piercing gaze. “Your pride is broken, and your trust is gone. Now, it’s my turn to be in charge.”
He continued, “Explain what happened in the past, or the Murrays will cease to exist from today onward.”
###Chapter 1130 by Marina Vittori
Gage’s words weighed heavily on Christopher and made everyone present uneasy. All eyes were focused on Christopher, the most influential person in the Murray family. His decision would decide the fate of the entire family.
“You insolent bastard!” Christopher thundered, his voice trembling with anger and frustration. He continued, “You attacked your brothers and threatened the family with such disgraceful actions! And now you dare to demand an explanation from me? Are you trying to play the victim?”
He had always thought of Gage as his successor. Courageous, clever, and quick-witted-Gage could have led the family to greatness. Sadly, he had lost his way and caused an irreparable rift within the family. Christopher was angry and heartbroken.
“Father, you must understand that my actions were a response to your own,” Gage replied with surprising composure. “Had you not driven my late wife to her tragic end, none of this would have happened.”
“Her death may be connected to me, but what of it?” Christopher’s voice remained frosty. “It was what she deserved.”
“Deserved?” Gage laughed bitterly. ” Father, she was your daughter-in-law. Do you really think she deserved to die?
“She may have been my daughter-in- law, but she was also a spy for an enemy nation, a threat to Dragonmarsh!” Christopher raised his voice. “Don’t you realize how many brave countrymen have died on the battlefield because of spies like her?”
“She has repented. She posed no threat. Why couldn’t you give her a second chance?” Gage’s emotions surged.
“She didn’t do anything to others, but she’s just using you!” Christopher slammed his hand on the table.
He continued, “You could have had a promising future, but look at what you’ve become. You’re a disgrace to the Murray family!”
Christopher had always been willing to support Gage’s romantic choices. But falling in love with a spy was unforgivable.
“I’m not worried about my future. I just long for her to be alive and by my side!” Gage’s determination shone through.” It’s you… you orchestrated her death! It’s all your fault!”
“You fool! Can’t you see? That woman was just using you from the start. Even in death, she tried to tear the family apart!” Christopher retorted.
Then, he revealed the painful truth.” Yes, I wanted to kill her, but I didn’t force her to die. I gave her a chance to leave for your sake.
“But, she was cunning and unyielding. She was willing to sacrifice herself to accomplish her sinister plans. Wake up, my son! Free yourself from her web of deceit!”
Even now, Christopher clung to a shred of hope that Gage would come to his senses.
“Nonsense! You’re lying!” Gage erupted in anger. “You drove her to her death, and now you want to further damage her reputation. You’re a monster!”
“Gage! Dad is telling the truth. I can attest to that!” Caden, who had been silent, finally spoke up.
“I remember everything. Even though she was a spy, Dad spared her for your sake. But we never thought she would choose death to hurt you. This is madness!”
“Yes! We can confirm that too!”
The other members of the Murray family joined in. Gage, seething with anger, yelled, ” Enough! All of you, shut up!”
His face contorted with rage. “You’re all hypocrites defending Christopher and his lies. Without your pressure, my wife would never have died. Today, I’ll make you pay!”
With a quick gesture, he commanded, ” Arrest them all!”
###Chapter 1131 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1131
“It was me,” Dustin replied calmly. The moment he stood up, he immediately caught everyone’s attention.
The Murray family was in grave danger. The guests also felt threatened and hesitated to intervene. No one expected anyone to step forward. “Who are you?” Gage eyed Dustin suspiciously.
“I’m a guest of the Murray family,” Dustin replied calmly.
“This matter is none of your business. You better not interfere,” Gage warned. Dustin shook his head slightly. “I owe General Murray a favor. That’s why I can’t just stand by and do nothing.”
“Young man, it’s noble to return favors, but you should know your limits. If you can’t do that, trying to be a hero will only lead to trouble!” Gage said sternly.
“I’ve heard of the infamous Grimshade and Duskfang of Eskus. Today, I want to test my skills against them,” Dustin said. He clenched his fists as if he was prepared for a fight.
Everyone in the room was stunned by his request. “What the hell! Is this guy crazy? He’s challenging a grandmaster? Is he trying to die?” Sheila exclaimed.
“Hmph! What a fool! Does he think he’s tough because he knows some martial arts? He even dares to challenge a grandmaster? He’s just asking for trouble!” Evan sneered. “He’s digging his own grave. Only a fool would take on someone who’s clearly out of his league!”
People murmured in amazement at Dustin’s bravery. No one had expected such audacity. Not only did he defy warnings, but he also challenged a grandmaster. It was like a praying mantis trying to stop a speeding car. What a daring action!
“Hmph! Since you want to die so badly, I’ll grant your wish!” Gage pointed to Grimshade and said, “Get rid of him!”
“Sure thing!” Grimshade smirked. He approached with his arms crossed and looked at Dustin. “Kid, don’t tell me I’m being unfair. You get to take three swings first, and if you-”
“Okay.”
Before Grimshade could finish his sentence, Dustin moved with lightning speed. He delivered a powerful blow to Grimshade’s abdomen. A thunderous sound echoed through the hall.
Grimshade writhed in pain, and his body was thrown more than thirty feet away. He fell heavily, leaving a deep crater where he had crashed. He grimaced in pain and pointed a shaky finger at Dustin. “You … you don’t play fair!”
With those words, Grimshade spat out blood and fainted.
###Chapter 1132 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1132
The whole banquet hall fell into silence. All eyes were on Grimshade, who lay on the floor after just one punch from Dustin. Their eyes widened in shock and disbelief.
Grimshade, renowned as a grandmaster martial artist from Eskus, was knocked to the ground by a single blow from Dustin. It left everyone baffled. How could it be possible?
“Wow, that kid really packs a punch, huh?”
“The skinny guy has it in him?”
“We shouldn’t judge people by their looks.” After a brief silence, a commotion broke out in the hall. What initially appeared as Dustin seeking trouble now seemed to be him hiding his incredible strength.
“Could he be … a grandmaster?” Caden wondered aloud, his eyes widened in shock. Moments ago, he had experienced Grimshade’s immense power firsthand. One move and Caden was defeated, without a chance to defend himself.
Seeing Dustin defeat Grimshade made Caden suspect that Dustin was at least a grandmaster. In the world of martial arts, only a grandmaster could defeat another grandmaster.
Caden couldn’t help but shudder at the thought of a grandmaster in his early twenties. In Balerno, each grandmaster was unique.
When Caden remembered that they had ignored him earlier, he felt a pang of regret. If the Murrays survived this, he knew he’d have to reconsider their relationship with Dustin.
“Hmph! What’s the big deal? That was just a dirty trick! If Dustin hadn’t launched a surprise attack, he never would have been able to defeat Grimshade,” Evan grumbled. He couldn’t accept the result.
“Exactly! Grimshade was caught off guard, and Dustin’s attack was sneaky. How appalling!” Vivian added. In their eyes, Dustin’s victory was ruined by his surprise attack on an unprepared opponent. It lacked the honor that martial artists should uphold.
Evan and Vivian’s words raised doubts in the crowd. People began to realize that Dustin had indeed struck first, and although he had won, it wasn’t an honorable victory.
“I didn’t know the Murrays had a hidden gem like him. I’ve underestimated him.” Gage eyed Dustin closely. While most didn’t know, Gage knew better. Dustin’s punch had shown the strength of a grandmaster.
Gage knew that a regular martial artist wouldn’t have been able to break through Grimshade’s defenses. The fact that Dustin had defeated Grimshade, even with a surprise attack, demonstrated his incredible strength.
“Gage, it’s time to surrender. Your plans will fail today,” Dustin said calmly.
“Fail?” Gage laughed as if he had heard a great joke. “Young man, you’re so full of yourself. I’ve been planning this for five years. Do you really think you can single-handedly thwart my plans?”
“Oh? Do you have any tricks up your sleeve?” Dustin asked.
“So, you want to see my tricks? Fine… I’ll show you!” Gage taunted. He held out his hand, and a fist-sized bullet shot out from his sleeve, aiming straight for Dustin’s face.
Dustin narrowed his eyes and raised his hand, fending it off with a punch. An explosion rang out as the black bullet disintegrated.
However, from within the explosion, a golden net shot out. It wrapped around Dustin with lightning speed, holding him firmly.
“Hmm?” Dustin frowned. He tried to break free but realized he couldn’t escape the golden net’s grip. “What in the world… is this Dragon Rope?”
###Chapter 1133 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1133
Dustin’s expression grew serious as he realized the gravity of the situation. He knew the Dragon Rope was one of the few things that could trap a grandmaster. Renowned for its incredible sturdiness, it could withstand blades and fire. Even a grandmaster would be helpless if tied up with it.
However, it was a protected item of the Martial Arts Union. No ordinary person could get their hands on it. “Yes, I wove this net from Dragon Rope. It was designed to immobilize grandmaster martial artists like you,” Gage explained.
He continued, “I kept this ace up my sleeve just in case, and it came in handy now. So, who do you think will emerge victorious?”
It was clear to him that anyone below the grandmaster level was defenseless against the Dragon Rope, no matter how good they were. “Oh no! Dustin is trapped, and there’s no one who can stop Duskfang!”
Caden’s face turned pale. Dustin’s earlier display of strength had given Caden hope. But he hadn’t expected Gage to have another trick up his sleeve.
“Damn it! It looks like there’s no way out,” the Murray family members sighed. Their fleeting hope had now turned into despair.
“Christopher, no one can help you anymore,” Gage said coldly. “Either you apologize to my late wife, or I’ll wipe out the entire Murray family.”
Christopher retorted, “You’re playing. with fire, you bastard! I’d never apologize to a spy, even if I were in the wrong!”
“Don’t try my patience!” Gage gritted his teeth. Christopher stood firm, his resolve unwavering. “It’s you who’s testing my patience. For one insignificant woman, you’re willing to go against the whole family. You’ve gone mad!”
“Enough!” Gage’s voice thundered. “I won’t let you insult her!”
Enraged, he lunged at Christopher, sword in hand. He lashed out wildly and struck Christopher’s shoulder, but the armor effortlessly absorbed the blow.
“You dared to strike me!” Christopher’s anger flared. Gage tried to withdraw his sword, but Christopher’s grip held him fast.
“Duskfang, attack!” Gage shouted as he tried to free his sword.
“Die!”
Duskfang lunged at Christopher with deadly precision. An energy that could cut through steel crackled in his fingers. Onlookers flinched, knowing that anyone struck by this attack would be shredded.
“General Murray, look out!”
“Quick, protect General Murray!” The crowd turned pale as they watched. Many brave individuals rushed forward to protect Christopher, even if it meant risking their lives.
Unfortunately, Duskfang was faster. The brave individuals could only watch helplessly as Christopher faced the imminent danger.
“It’s no use. General Murray won’t survive!”
Some closed their eyes, unable to bear the sight. They knew that no one could survive the attack of a grandmaster.
“Celestial Blade!” Dustin’s thunderous command echoed. A black sword descended from the sky. It cut through the roof and sped toward Duskfang at breakneck speed. At the last second, Duskfang narrowly dodged the deadly blade. Just when everyone thought defeat was certain…
With one swift movement, Christopher grabbed Duskfang by the throat and lifted him off the ground. The grip around Duskfang’s neck tightened. A glimmer of fear flashed across his eyes as the pressure increased. Then, his head slumped, and his life ended abruptly.
###Chapter 1134 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1134
“Huh?” At that moment, Dustin, Caden and Gage couldn’t hide their amazement. The Murray family and their guests looked equally incredulous and surprised.
When Duskfang began the attack, they feared for Christopher’s safety. As a grandmaster, it should have been easy to defeat an elderly man. But, the outcome defied all expectations.
Duskfang failed to hurt Christopher and paid the ultimate price. Christopher caught him in midair without a glance. He snapped Duskfang’s neck with ease-a shocking display of power.
“Did I … Did I see that right? Duskfang … is dead?”
“Oh my goodness! To defeat a grandmaster in one move? That’s incredible!”
“So, General Murray is the real powerhouse here. We underestimated him!” A brief silence filled the air, followed by a chorus of astonishment.
The onlookers stared at Christopher, their faces a mix of awe and disbelief. It was inconceivable that an almost eighty -year-old general had such extraordinary powers.
“Hmph! Never underestimate your opponent!” Christopher held Duskfang’s lifeless body with one hand and threw it aside contemptuously. The body crashed with a loud thud, and blood spattered on the ground.
“How … How is this possible? You’re a grandmaster?” Gage stammered, taking a few steps back in fear.
In his memory, Christopher had never shown his true abilities. Even in the face of assassination attempts, he had hidden his strength.
Gage had believed that his father hadn’t mastered martial arts, but now he realized how wrong he was. It dawned on him then that the Murray family’s true ace wasn’t Jordan. It was Christopher.
“How do you think I became a general? ‘Christopher retorted with a piercing gaze. He added, “I’ve fought on the battlefield for decades and been in countless battles. Would I be alive today if I didn’t have certain skills?”
“You… you’ve been deceiving us for decades!” Gage gritted his teeth, a bitter taste in his mouth.
“I protected against enemies, not against gentlemen,” Christopher explained. He continued, “All these years, I’ve been hiding my abilities to give you all a chance. I want you all to shine and succeed without living in my shadow!”
Throughout history, there have been few Dragonmarsh Grand Generals and kingdom protectors. They were scholars and martial artists of exceptional caliber. To reach their level was almost impossible for later generations.
As long as Christopher remained in power, his sons had no opportunity to rise. Thus, he decided to step down early, allowing his sons to surpass him.
Gage, his youngest son, could have become the patriarch of the Murray family. But unfortunately, he had taken a different path and wasted his promising future.
“Enough! Spare me your pompous words. If you cared about me, you wouldn’t have driven my wife to her death!” Gage roared angrily.
###Chapter 1135 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1135
“You still refuse to see reason?” Christopher asked. “This woman has manipulated you, brainwashed you. Why do you trust her more than your own family?”
Gage’s face hardened as he shouted, ” Enough! I cut ties with you five years ago. There is no more connection between us.”
“You… You’re beyond saving!”
Christopher felt despair rising inside him. He had told him everything, but Gage wouldn’t listen. He couldn’t understand why Gage was so reluctant to see the truth.
“Christopher! Maybe I underestimated your strength in the Murray family. But if you think you have the upper hand, you’re wrong,”
A wry smile played around Gage’s lips as he pulled a whistle from his pocket and blew it. The shrill sound immediately caused a commotion. Heavily armored guards stormed into the room.
Their imposing appearance struck fear into the hearts of everyone present. These guards surpassed the earlier thugs in both strength and intimidation.
“These are my hand-picked death warriors. A team I’ve carefully assembled over five years. They are experienced and battle-hardened.
“Their armor is forged from dark iron that can withstand blades and flames. Not even grandmasters can defeat them,” Gage declared.
He continued, “I know they can’t kill you, but with one command from me, they’ll begin a relentless fight. Everyone in this hall will die,” Gage threatened with a maniacal laugh.
He was prepared to go to extremes, determined to make Christopher feel the pain of losing loved ones.
“He’s gone mad! Why is he trying to kill us?”
“Yeah! He’s got issues with the Murrays, not us. We shouldn’t be dragged into it.” “If I had known I was going to end up in this mess, I wouldn’t have come to the celebration.”
Gage’s words had startled the guests, draining the color from their faces. They had started as spectators. But the arrival of the death warriors had turned them into unwilling victims. They were like ordinary people who had been caught in a clash of titans.
“Are you threatening me?” Christopher scanned the room. “Do you think these death warriors can annihilate everyone in the Murray residence?”
“They’ll do what they can. One way or another, I’m going to make everyone suffer!” Gage was determined to put everything on the line.
“You’re too na?ve. The Murray family has been around for so long. Our real strength isn’t just what you see.” Christopher shook his head. He looked disappointed as he said, ” Today, I’m going to show you the true power of our family.”
With that, he clapped his hands lightly. At that moment, the hall shook, and the roof tore. Crowds of masked black- clad assassins descended from above. They landed in front of the death warriors.
In the blink of an eye, the black-clad assassins became blurs. They moved through the death warriors like a quick and silent breeze. When they came to a stop, each assassin held a severed human head in their hands!
###Chapter 1136 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1136
The sudden appearance of the black- clad assassins caught everyone by surprise. The whole sequence, from their arrival to their swift attack and the brutal end, took place in the blink of an eye.
In an instant, Gage’s hand-picked death warriors were decapitated. The scene unfolded so rapidly that no one had time to register what was happening. Amid a chaotic clang of metal, Gage’s death warriors fell to the ground without their heads.
The black-clad assassins clearly outnumbered them. Then, the assassins awaited orders as they stood on either side with the severed heads.
“Huh?”
Gage was speechless as he stared at his fallen warriors. He had never expected such a formidable force within the Murray household.
His carefully laid plans had collapsed. It was a truly startling turn of events. Slowly approaching him, Christopher spoke in a measured tone. “Gage, you overestimated yourself and underestimated the strength of the Murray family.
“Did you really think five years of planning could topple a family with decades of history and power? To me, your scheming and trickery were like child’s play.”
He added, “Did you think I wouldn’t notice your dark machinations? Did you think your infiltrated agents could escape my attention? I’ve been aware of every move but chose not to expose you.
Christopher took a deep breath and said, “I hope you can still find a way back from this dark path. Please, Gage, give up now.
“If you repent, show remorse, and change, I can pretend that today never happened. You’re still my son, the most promising heir of the Murray family. Can you promise me that?”
With those words, Christopher held out his hand. His face showed a mixture of hope and hesitation.
Family ties ran deep, and Gage was his son, no matter what. Despite Gage’s grave faults, Christopher would protect him if he decided to change. Suddenly, Gage chuckled bitterly, his laughter filled with mockery.
“Christopher, there’s no need to pretend. Do you think saying all that now will make a difference? The victor takes all, and I lost. I don’t want your sympathy, and I certainly don’t need your pity!”
Christopher pleaded, “Why do you persist? It’s not too late to turn back. We can start over.” “Start over? How can anything be the same? Can you bring my wife back to life? That’s absurd!”
Gage’s face contorted with malice. “I admit defeat, but even if I die, I’ll take some of you with me. I want you to live with that regret!”
With these words, he displayed a series of explosive devices strapped to his body.
“Gage, please do not do this!”
Christopher’s face finally showed fear and concern. The others in the hall panicked and quickly scattered. They had never imagined that Gage was carrying so many bombs. This was a suicidal act!
“Go to hell!”
Gage burst out laughing and vigorously pressed the detonation button. Christopher lunged forward. But just as his fingers almost touched Gage, the bomb exploded with a deafening boom.
A massive explosion rocked the surrounding area, causing chaos. Gage’s body was torn apart. A huge shock wave radiated outward from the center of his body.
Christopher, who had rushed toward Gage earlier, was thrown through the air, spitting blood. The people near the blast were also badly injured. Their bodies were mangled, and blood splattered everywhere.
###Chapter 1137 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1137
The explosion had thrown the banquet hall into chaos. Some guests had been seriously injured, while others had tragically lost their lives. The hall was now a pile of rubble, with cries of pain, blood, and body parts scattered about.
“Gage?” Christopher’s heart raced as he surveyed the chaotic scene. Disoriented and injured, he ran toward the blast area to find his son.
His desperate search for his son proved unsuccessful, and he found only the dismembered remains of Gage. The explosion left his son unrecognizable, with only a bloody head.
“Gage! Gage!”
Christopher held his son’s mutilated body and wept bitterly. He was overcome with emotion. “Why? Why did you do this? Why were you so stupid? Why?”
He couldn’t understand why Gage had taken such a drastic step and even ended his life for revenge. Pain, regret, anger, and despair overwhelmed Christopher at that moment.
His beloved son was gone, and his promising successor was dead. The entire Murray residence lay in ruins, all because of a woman from five years ago.
Her actions had set in motion this tragic chain of events. She had committed a heinous crime. As Christopher mourned his son, a shadowy figure shot toward him. Amid the cries of pain, it went unnoticed. “General Murray, watch out!”
Dustin, who had seen the danger, shouted a warning. Before Christopher could react, the figure struck him hard in the back. He spat out blood and was thrown several feet before he crashed to the ground.
He had already been injured from the earlier explosion at close range. In addition, the shock of his son’s death had weakened his defenses, leaving him vulnerable to the surprise attack.
“Who… who are you?” he managed to ask, struggling to get up. The attacker had seriously wounded Christopher. He had damaged much of his circulatory system with the palm strike. Plus, his strength had been greatly reduced.
“Hehehe… old friend, it’s been many years. We meet again.”
A hoarse laugh filled the air. Then, a short, stout elderly man in a trench coat and clattering boots emerged from the smoke.
“Antonio?” Christopher blinked at the newcomer, his expression darkening.
So, it’s you, you old dog!”
The newcomer was none other than Antonio, the head of the Bourbon family and one of Kimboku’s top Sword Sages.
“Old friend, we parted many years ago, but I’ve never forgotten what happened. I couldn’t swallow that humiliation, so today, I’ve come to take revenge.” Antonio smiled weakly, and his eyes were icy.
“Hmph! You old dog. Of course, I’d recognize you. How dare you set foot in Dragonmarsh after I broke your legs thirty years ago?”
“Thirty years ago is still fresh in my memory,” Antonio replied softly. “I could never forget that disgrace. Today, I’ve come to seek revenge.”
He chuckled. “But I’m not heartless. I won’t let you suffer alone.
“I’ll wipe out your entire family and make sure your loved ones die with you. How does that sound? Quite an unexpected twist, isn’t it?”
###Chapter 1138 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1138
“Bourbon, you old dog, do you think you’re strong enough? Do you have what it takes?” Christopher straightened up, his eyes blazing with anger. He added, “I could’ve taken you down thirty years ago, and I still can.”
“Come on, old friend, cut out the theatrics. You may be able to fool others, but not me.” Antonio sneered and shook his head.
He continued, “After all those battles, you must be full of scars. And after the recent explosion and my hard palm strike, you must be badly hurt. You can’t even stand up straight, can you?”
“If you doubt me, come and find out.” Christopher motioned for Antonio to come closer, ready for a fight.
Antonio eyed Christopher from head to toe, not wanting to fight him. Instead, he continued to taunt, “Old friend, losing your son has got to hurt. I spent five years training, but unfortunately, he didn’t make it.”
“So, it was you, you sly old dog!”
Christopher gritted his teeth, and his breath quickened. “If you had a grudge, you should’ve come for me. Why my son of all people?”
Antonio chuckled. “Attacking you head -on is too tough. That’s why I had to take advantage of your weak spot. Your son, Gage, is your Achilles’ heel.”
He continued, “Oh, I almost forgot to mention. Gage’s wife, who hanged herself in the Murray residence five years ago, is my daughter!”
“What… What did you say?” Christopher recoiled, finding it hard to believe.
“Surprised, huh?” Antonio chuckled.
“To get back at you, I had my daughter get close to your son and make him fall in love. When the time was right, I set her up, laying the foundation for the feud between you and your son.
“A perfect plan, wouldn’t you say?”
“You heartless son of a bitch!” Christopher seethed with rage. “To get your revenge, you’d even sacrifice your daughter? Are you even human?”
“What is the use of having children? In Kimboku, children would make sacrifices for their parents. “My daughter willingly played her part for my revenge. It is her honor. No matter what, she did it and played her part.”
Antonio was indifferent. To him, greatness meant ruthlessness. The sacrifice of his daughter was a small price to pay.
“Screw you! You’ll die for this!”
Christopher’s eyes widened. He lunged forward and delivered a powerful strike at Antonio. Antonio’s eyes narrowed, and he countered with a palm strike.
The iron palms of two grandmasters collided in midair, creating a deafening blast. Furious energy poured out, and a shock wave spread from the point of impact. It knocked some unfortunate
bystanders off their feet and made them cough up blood. Antonio was thrown back more than thirty feet, leaving a deep trail in the ground as he came to a stop.
But Christopher only backed away two steps before regaining his balance. The difference between their strengths was obvious.
“Go to hell!” Just as Christopher was about to strike again, his body trembled. He coughed up blood, and his body almost failed him. Because of his previous injuries, using his power was extremely taxing on his body.
At the sight of it, Antonio couldn’t help but laugh. “Old friend, it looks like your time is up.” He was lucky that his opponent was already wounded. Otherwise, he might not have survived this last blow.
“You vile scoundrel!”
Christopher gritted his teeth and felt his inner energy dwindle, leaving him completely powerless.
###Chapter 1139 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1139
Antonio had clearly provoked Christopher, baiting him into attacking and testing his limits. Right now, Christopher couldn’t even counterattack anymore.
“Old friend, you’ve lost the game. Today is the day you die.” Antonio grinned. “But before you die, I’m going to make you watch as I slaughter your family!”
With that, he snapped his fingers. In the next moment, numerous assassins emerged from underground. These were the elite warriors of the Bourbon family, honed through rigorous training. They were not only talented but also masters in the art of assassination.
As they appeared, they moved like ghosts. It was nearly impossible to defend against them.
“Stop them!” Christopher roared. The Murray family’s black-clad assassins immediately unsheathed their swords and began their counterattack..
Soon, the two sides were plunged into an all-out battle. Despite their smaller numbers, the black-clad assassins were more skilled. They could handle multiple opponents effortlessly.
However, the Kimbokuan assassins kept appearing as quickly as they were defeated. For a moment, both sides found themselves in a stalemate.
“Stop! Everyone stop! Or else I’ll kill her!” someone yelled. Diego walked out of the crowd with Sheila, holding a knife to her neck.
“Sheila?” Christopher’s expression shifted when he saw them. The Murray family members were also shocked and furious as they cursed.
The explosion earlier had left the banquet hall in ruins. With everything plunged into chaos, Diego’s movements had gone unnoticed.
Nobody expected him to hide among the guests and take Sheila hostage without detection. Now, they couldn’t retaliate even if they wanted to without hurting the innocent.
“Diego Bourbon, you son of a bitch! How dare you take my daughter hostage?” Caden was furious. Previously, they had even agreed to take on Dustin together. He couldn’t believe they had become enemies just like that.
“Caden, stop with the act. You Murrays are at the end of the line. We Bourbons are in charge now!” Diego sneered. ” This is an order! Put down your weapons immediately, or she dies!”
As he spoke, he lifted the blade slightly. It pierced through Sheila’s skin, and a thin line of blood trickled down her fair neck.
“As expected of my grandson. Well done.” Antonio burst into laughter again. Charging forcefully would result in a significant loss of their honed warriors, even if they emerged victorious.
With Diego holding a hostage, they could secure victory without resorting to combat. “Why are you doing this? Aren’t you Jayden’s friend?” Sheila was in disbelief.
“Friend?” Diego laughed mockingly.
“Sheila, are you an idiot? I’m from Kimboku, and you people are from Dragonmarsh. How could we be friends?
“Then what about last night?” Sheila was shocked. Diego laughed. “Sheila, oh, Sheila. Can’t you tell? I kidnapped you yesterday to threaten Dustin.”
Then, he sneered. “I just never expected Jayden to speak up for me and slander Dustin, even when the truth was revealed.
“I can only say that you Dragonmarsh people are hopeless. You’re always fighting among yourselves. But it was precisely because of it that I was given an opportunity.”
Sheila felt like she was struck by lightning with those words. She stood there in shock.
###Chapter 1140 by Marina Vittori
“What… What did you say?” Sheila was dumbfounded and in disbelief. “You kidnapped me? You guys… have been lying to me?”
“That’s right. We did lie to you,” Diego admitted to it plainly. “However, you can only blame yourself for being a fool. You can’t tell right from wrong at all. All it took was a few words to convince you. You’re the biggest idiot ever!”
“So… I misunderstood Dustin? I was the one who hurt him without knowing the truth?” Sheila was trembling as tears streamed down her face. A wave of regret washed over her. She never expected the truth to turn out that way.
She thought her cousin wouldn’t deceive her. She thought her friends would never lie to her. She thought Dustin had really been scheming against her.
But Deigo’s words had made her realize that everything she had known was a lie. Jayden had deceived her, her good friends had lied to her, and Dustin had been the only one helping and saving her.
Yet, she wasn’t only ungrateful; she even kicked him out of the house. Because of a few ridiculous remarks, she had deeply hurt the person who truly cared about her. What had she done? Why was she such a fool?
“Why? Why did you lie to me?” Sheila turned her attention to Evan, Vivian, and the rest of the group. She looked at them in doubt and confusion, unable to understand why her friends would lie to her.
When Evan’s and Vivian’s group met Sheila’s gaze, they lowered their heads in silence. They didn’t expect Diego to openly challenge the Murrays and expose them, either.
“Dustin, I’m sorry… I’m so sorry. I didn’t know things would turn out this way. Tears streamed uncontrollably down her face as Sheila gazed at Dustin among the crowd. She was overwhelmed with shame, regret, and sorrow. Still, she only had herself to blame. She had always despised people who repaid kindness with enmity, yet she had become one of them.
“Ms. Sheila, this is not the time to discuss these things. You should ensure your safety first.” Dustin shook his head slightly.
He didn’t harbor any resentment toward her, but they could never go back to being friends. Some things were just irreparable.
“Dustin…” Sheila wanted to explain, but she didn’t know where to start. She could sense a shift in Dustin’s gaze. It had grown distant and devoid of its former warmth.
“Enough with your chattering! Order your men to disarm! Otherwise, I’ll kill her!” Diego was getting impatient and pressed the knife deeper against her skin. Blood dripped continuously onto the ground as Sheila’s wound grew bigger. It was a horrifying sight.
“Stop it! I’m warning you not to try anything! If anything happens to my daughter, I will crush you to death!”
Caden roared in anger. “She’s in my hands now. I call the shots here. I’m going to count to three. Lay down your weapons, or I’ll cut off her arm first!” Diego threatened.
“Bourbon, you old dog! If your grandson hurts my granddaughter, even if I lose my life in the will make sure to kill him!” Christopher bellowed sternly. process, I “Old friend, you might want to take care of yourself first,” Antonio said mockingly.
Although Christopher was heavily injured, he didn’t dare underestimate him. That was why he was on constant alert to prevent him from attempting something.
“Three…” Deigo started the countdown.
“You son of a bitch! Don’t you dare!” Caden screamed in anger.
“Two…” Deigo didn’t seem afraid. “Caden, untie me from the Dragon Rope. I can save your daughter,” Dustin suddenly spoke.
He had been bound by the Dragon Rope and was rendered immobile. Unless he activated his secret technique, he couldn’t break free.
“You? What makes you think you can save her?” Caden frowned.
###Chapter 1141 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1141
Diego had numerous elite assassins by his side. Even the Murrays’ most formidable kill team struggled to make a move.
Although Dustin was skilled, it was impossible for him to eliminate everyone in a matter of seconds. “Cut the crap! If you want to save your daughter, then help me right now!” Dustin urged.
“I’ll help!” Lily reacted first and hurried over to untie him from the Dragon Rope. Dustin was tightly bound, and brute force wasn’t going to help. Lily could only unravel him loop by loop.
“One…” Right then, Diego had counted down to the final number and was grinning widely.
“Since you won’t drop your weapons, don’t blame me for being ruthless!”
With that, he raised the knife in his hands, about to slash Sheila’s arm.
“Stop!”
Enduring the pain, Caden roared and rushed forward. But he was swiftly restrained by the Kimbokuan assassins. At that critical moment, a silver needle shot out with a sharp whistle, precisely hitting Diego’s sword.
A sharp metallic clang rang out, and Diego’s sword was knocked out of his hand. It spun in the air before falling to the ground, creating a burst of sparks.
“Who was that?” Diego was both surprised and angry. He quickly hid behind Sheila and signaled the assassins to stand in front of him to guard against any sneak attacks.
“Diego, your time has come! Kneel and surrender, and I will spare your life!”
Dustin slowly stepped out of the loosened Dragon Rope and carefully stowed it away. Such a rare treasure could prove valuable in the future.
“So, it’s you!”
Diego poked his head out from behind Sheila’s shoulder. He said with a smile, “Mr. Rhys, the Murrays have been against you the entire time, yet you’re still helping them. Is it really worth it?
“If you work with us, Kimbokuans, I will assure you unimaginable wealth and prosperity!” “I’m not helping the Murrays. I just despise the likes of you.”
Dustin said bluntly, “How dare you dogs from Kimboku cause trouble in Dragonmarsh? I will kill any Kimbokuan I see!”
“Do you mean there’s no room for negotiation?” Diego’s expression darkened. “There will be… once you’re dead.”
With that, Dustin propelled himself forward, turning into a ghostly white shadow. “Stop him!” Diego exclaimed in alarm.
“Fool!” The Kimbokuan assassins immediately drew their blades and charged toward the ghostly shadow. However, every time they landed an attack, they were instantly sent flying by an overwhelming shockwave.
Regardless of the numbers that charged forward or the weapons they wielded, they couldn’t match the might of the ghostly white shadow.
It had left a trail of crippled Kimbokuan assassins in its path and remained untouchable. Diego was horrified at the scene he was witnessing. His legs almost gave way from the fear.
“Wait! I have a hostage! If you come any closer, I’ll snap her neck!” Diego grabbed Sheila by the throat as he screamed in desperation.
“Dustin! Stop! Don’t get my daughter hurt!” Caden roared. “Rhys! If anything happens to Sheila, you’re in for a world of trouble!” Vivian and her group shouted.
Right then, another silver needle shot out with a sharp, whistling sound. It narrowly grazed past Sheila’s ear. With pinpoint accuracy, it embedded itself right in the center of Diego’s forehead. Diego’s body quivered, and his face contorted with fear.
In the next instant, an explosion echoed through the room. Diego’s head had burst open like a ripe watermelon.
###Chapter 1142 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1142
The hall fell silent as everyone witnessed Diego’s head explode. Caden’s shouting came to an abrupt halt, while Vivian, Evan, and the rest of their group were dumbstruck.
Everything had happened so rapidly that they could not react for a moment. Even with Diego using a hostage as a shield and guarded by elite assassins, Dustin still achieved a one-hit kill. It was truly horrifying.
As Diego’s headless corpse fell with a dull thud, Dustin grabbed a confused Sheila by the shoulder. He pulled her out of the encirclement and tossed her back to the Murray camp. Finally, Sheila was safe.
“Diego!” Antonio’s expression contorted in fury as he looked at his grandson’s dead body. He roared in a thunderous rage, “You bastard! How dare you kill my grandson? I’ll tear you to pieces! Kill him! KILL HIM!”
At his command, a horde of elite assassins rushed forward. They hurled their concealed arsenal of poisoned darts and throwing blades. It was a relentless assault. The tight- knit barrage resembled a ferocious storm that left little room for defense.
Simultaneously, the assassins employed diverse tactics. Some leaped high into the air, deploying iron wire nets, while others emerged underground to mount ambushes.
In an instant, Dustin found himself the primary target of an overwhelming and unrelenting onslaught.
“Assist him! Wipe out all of the Kimbokuan assassins!” Christopher ordered immediately. The Murray family’s rigorously honed kill team didn’t hold back, either. They charged into the battle.
Soon, both sides were once again engaged in a chaotic battle. However, this time, the situation was completely different. The Murray family’s kill team was already inherently strong. With Dustin’s backing, they became an even more formidable force.
In mere moments, they had eliminated enough Kimbokuan assassins to leave them in disarray. “Excellent! Well done!” The crowd surged with excitement at the sight.
“Damn it!” Antonio cursed. Unable to hold back any longer, he stepped forcefully onto the ground. He turned into a ghostly shadow and launched himself right into the middle of the fray.
With extremely quick movements, his palms struck down repeatedly. Every strike of his resulted in the death of one black-clad member of the kill team.
“You impudent old dog!” Christopher erupted in anger and wanted to join in the battle. However, his body shuddered as he coughed up blood once more. He wasn’t even able to steady himself. His injuries were so serious that he wasn’t able to engage in further combat.
“This is bad! If the fight goes on, we might end up losing!” Lily was anxious. Antonio’s appearance had completely reversed the situation.
“As Kimboku’s Sword Sage, Antonio is too strong. With Dad injured, no one can stop him now. Our only option is to temporarily retreat,” Caden said with a solemn expression.
“Retreat? Are you suggesting… we abandon our home?” Lily frowned.
“We can only make a comeback if we remain alive.” Caden looked around and whispered, Gather a few people and get Dad out of here silently. We mustn’t alert Antonio.
“Your father would never agree to make a retreat, considering his personality.” Lily shook her head. “I don’t care how you do it, even if you have to knock him unconscious. Just make sure to get him out of here!” Caden insisted.
He knew that as long as Christopher was alive, the Murrays would be able to rebuild their legacy “Alright, I’ll give it a try,” Lily nodded reluctantly.
“Wait! If we leave, what about Dustin and our men?” Sheila suddenly spoke up. On the front lines, Dustin was leading the fight. The situation was extremely dangerous. “We can’t think about that right now. They’ll have to rely on themselves,” Caden said decisively.
“Dad! Dustin and our men are out there trying to rescue us. How can you just abandon them like that and run away? You’ve gone too far.” Sheila frowned.
“You foolish girl! We should take care of ourselves first. Our lives are at stake! We can’t afford to think about them!” Caden was getting anxious.
Time was running out. If they delayed it any further, they would be next once Antonio had dealt with Dustin and the others.
“No! I’m not going!” Sheila shook her head repeatedly.
“Dustin just saved me. I can’t leave him behind and run away!”
“You’re being na?ve!” Caden was getting increasingly worried. “They won’t be able to hold on for much longer. We won’t be able to escape later if we don’t leave now!”
###Chapter 1143 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1143
Upon saying that, Caden firmly gripped Sheila’s wrist and pulled her away. “No! I won’t leave! Let go of me!” Sheila began to struggle frantically.
She already owed Dustin once and wasn’t going to owe him a second time. If she did that, she wouldn’t forgive herself for the rest of her life.
“Sheila! Your dad is right. Time is running out. Let’s go!”
“That’s right, Sheila! This is a matter of life and death; don’t be stubborn!”
“So what if Dustin dies? As long as we survive, his sacrifice for the Murrays will be the greatest honor of his life!”
At that moment, Evan, Vivian, and the rest of the group also persuaded Sheila. It would be the greatest advantage to have Dustin’s life exchanged for their safety.
“Go ahead and leave if you want. I’m staying!” Sheila refused to listen to their advice.
“You foolish girl!” Caden was furious and slapped her. He scolded, “You can’t afford to be stubborn right now! You will follow my orders!
“Take her away!” Sheila was stunned by the slap, feeling lost as she covered her cheek. Evan and Vivian exchanged glances before grabbing Sheila’s arms. They dragged her away forcefully.
Meanwhile, on the desolate battlefield, both sides continued their deadly battle. Casualties quickly mounted on both sides. Corpses littered the ground as the battle raged on fiercely.
“Step aside! None of you are a match for him! Let me handle this!” Seeing the kill team bravely sacrificing themselves without fear, Dustin was moved. He then quickly stopped them.
The Murray family’s kill team consisted of divine-level martial artists. However, they were powerless against a grandmaster like Antonio.
The close proximity of both sides had also prevented Dustin from unleashing his full strength. He didn’t want to risk harming his allies. Thus, he directed the Murray family’s forces to step aside.
“You all, withdraw as well! I want to personally slaughter this brat!” Antonio waved his hand, and the Kimbokuan assassins promptly retreated. Soon, the chaotic battle transformed into a one-on-one battle between the two.
“Has Dustin lost his mind? He’s actually challenging Antonio to a one- on-one battle? Is he trying to get himself killed even quicker?” Vivian glanced back, bewildered.
“Hmph! He’s severely overestimating himself! Antonio ranks among the top ten Sword Sages of Kimboku, having achieved the pinnacle of his power.
“Dustin is digging his own grave by challenging him!” Evan shook his head, looking at Dustin as if he were a complete fool.
“This brat is too foolish! Antonio was holding back earlier during the chaos since he might harm his own men. But now that he’s free from those constraints, he’ll be stronger than ever.
“Dustin won’t withstand even a single blow!” Caden expressed his frustration.
Dustin could have held them back longer, but he just had to play the hero. Once he got killed, their chances of escaping would greatly diminish.
“You damned bastard! You killed my grandson and ruined my plans. Today, I’m going to flay you alive!”
Antonio slowly drew his curved longsword from his waist. His eyes were ablaze with a murderous intent. Even though his opponent was young, he wouldn’t hold back.
“Bourbon, you old scoundrel! You should never have come to Dragonmarsh and stirred up trouble. And you definitely shouldn’t have run into me.
“Today, I will offer your head as a tribute to the fallen heroes of the Murray family!” Dustin spat out coldly.
“You bloody bastard! Go to hell!”
Antonio roared in rage.
He lunged forward with a powerful step. Wielding his curved longsword high above him, he swung it down toward Dustin’s head.
Before the blade could touch Dustin, its sharp edge had already cleaved the earth beneath, leaving a deep gouge.
“It’s over… the kid is dead for sure.” The crowd shook their heads and sighed. Only a few people could withstand Antonio’s unrestrained, full-powered strike in this world.
“Celestial Blade!” Dustin raised his arm, and a sharp whistle reverberated through the air.
Within the midst of the ruins, a black ancient sword suddenly streaked across the sky like a bolt of dark lightning. With an unstoppable force, it pierced right through Antonio’s chest.
###Chapter 1144 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1144 
The Celestial Blade turned into a bolt of dark lighting. After piercing through Antonio’s chest, it returned to Dustin’s hand.
Blood flowed down slowly from the blade, gathering at the tip before dripping onto the ground. It created a blossom of bloodstains.
Meanwhile, Antonio’s body trembled and plummeted from midair, crashing heavily onto the ground. He landed on his knees, freezing in a motionless kneeling position. Silence engulfed the entire place. It was so intense that one could hear the faintest sound of a pin dropping.
A collective shock seized them all. Their faces were etched with sheer astonishment, They never could have imagined that Kimboku’s mighty Sword Sage, the highly skilled Antonio, would be pierced through the chest by Dustin’s sword.
The entire situation happened so suddenly and without any warning that no one had time to react. All they witnessed was a bolt of dark lightning, and the next thing they knew, Antonio was already seen on his knees.
“Ugh…” Antonio stared down in utter disbelief. There was a bloody, gaping hole in his chest. It was so deep that he could see right through it.
Within that void, he saw Christopher’s shocked expression. The surreal perspective was bizarre and shocking.
“How? How did you … manage to hurt me?” Antonia asked hoarsely, struggling to lift his head.
Christopher was seriously injured and was unable to fight. Under normal circumstances, Antonio should have been invincible. He never expected such a turn of events.
“Why? You can ask the devil below …”
Without another word, Dustin walked up to him and sliced his head off. With a thud, Antonio’s head rolled off the ground. It was only then that the crowd awakened from their daze, and they erupted into an unprecedented commotion.
“He… He’s dead? Are my eyes playing tricks on me? This young man actually killed Antonio?”
“Oh my God! Antonio is Kimboku’s Sword Sage and a top-tiered grandmaster. It’s unbelievable that he was killed by just one move!”
“Who the hell is this guy? He’s so terrifying! What a monster!”
“Is he even human? How can he kill the Sword Sage with just a single strike? Since when did our city have such a monster?”
After a brief silence, the entire scene erupted into chaos. Everyone looked at Dustin like he was a monster. Their expressions betrayed their shock and astonishment.
They had thought that the Murray family would be in grave danger today. They had even prepared to flee. They didn’t expect Dustin to turn the situation around at the last moment.
For a moment, all of them were at a loss. Especially Evan, Vivian, and their group, who looked on in disbelief. They couldn’t accept the fact that Dustin was that incredible.
Wasn’t he just a loser selling insurance? Wasn’t he an insignificant individual without a background? How did he do it? Just how did he defeat Kimboku’s Sword Sage?
Could Dustin have a hidden identity? Had they been seeing a facade? A coverup?
If that were the case, they were in deep trouble. For someone who could defeat Kimboku’s elite Sword Sage so easily, they would be highly respected and revered by everyone, no matter when and where.
###Chapter 1145 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1145
Even the major official institutions would have to treat Dustin with utmost respect. Dustin was young, and he displayed formidable strength. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say he could easily stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Christopher in the future.
A young prodigy like him was someone to be admired and looked up to for a lifetime. The biggest issue was that Evan, Vivian, and their group had treated Dustin with disdain and contempt. They had even resorted to offensive language.
If Dustin ever chose to retaliate, the consequences would be unimaginable. The thought sent shivers down their spines.
They regretted having offended Dustin and how foolish they acted. They had underestimated him, causing them to miss out on a valuable talent.
If they had established a good relationship with Dustin, they could have effortlessly risen to greater heights.
“Impressive, kid. You hid your true abilities so well that even I didn’t notice,” Christopher remarked. He exhaled a long sigh of relief.
The Murray family had significant resources. However, it was still a struggle to defend against the relentless attacks. Fortunately, Dustin had intervened and reversed the situation. Otherwise, the mansion might have witnessed more bloodshed.
“He did it… Dustin won! We don’t need to escape anymore!” Sheila cheered with tears of joy. Caden displayed a mix of emotions. He couldn’t decide whether to be happy or worried. Their survival in this dire situation was undoubtedly a cause for celebration.
Even so, Dustin showed outstanding performance and incredible skills. It made him unsure about how to approach the situation. Their past conflicts didn’t help, either.
“Kill every last one of the Kimbokuans! Kill them all!”
After defeating Antonio, Dustin took no time to rest. With a swing of the Celestial Blade, he led the Murray forces in wiping out the rest of the Kimbokuan assassins.
With Antonio gone, the assassins found themselves with no means of resistance. Within moments, they were defeated. The elaborate scheme that took five years to plan ultimately ended in a disastrous victory for the Murrays.
They had eliminated the invaders, but they had also suffered substantial losses. They sacrificed a significant portion of their elite forces. At the same time, they also implicated many innocent guests in the chaos.
These guests were people with connections to the Murrays. They spanned various professions and fields. With such significant losses, it would take them at least three to five years to fully recover. The only thing worth celebrating was that Christopher survived.
As long as Christopher was alive, the Murrays would never fall. It would only take time for them to regain their former glory.
After the battle ended, Millsburg’s official authorities gradually arrived. A large number of soldiers rushed in to escort the guests and secure the Murray residence, clearing the battlefield. It was only then that everyone’s anxious hearts found some relief.
“Kid, I owe you a great favor this time. Without you, I might not have made it out alive.” Christopher approached Dustin and expressed his gratitude.
“It was nothing, General Murray,” Dustin replied with a smile, not wanting to take too much credit. He had owed Christopher a favor due to the Cherusia. Today, he finally returned the favor.
“Who would have known? I didn’t expect you to be so talented. You are comparable to your mother back then.” Christopher looked grateful.
“Thank you for the compliment.” Dustin smiled and took out a tablet. “I refined this Tigaruis. It’s extremely effective against internal injuries. You should try it.”
“Oh, really?” Christopher was curious. After a close inspection, he swallowed the tablet whole. Very soon, he expressed his amazement and praised, “This is indeed a miraculous panacea. My congested energy is flowing smoothly now. It’s amazing!”
“I can’t believe you’re not only skilled in martial arts but also mastered alchemy. You are truly a talent in both the literary and martial arts!
“If only a talented, handsome young man like you could become my grandson-in-law. That would be wonderful.”
Upon hearing that, Sheila, who had just approached them, blushed instantly.
###Chapter 1146 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1146
Christopher had chosen his words intentionally. On one hand, he genuinely admired Dustin. He saw him as a young talent who excelled in both the martial and literary arts and had a promising future.
Not only that, he also had an impeccable character and a pleasant personality. A young prodigy like him was a rare find in the whole of Dragonmarsh. If only Dustin could become his grandson -in-law, the Murray family would be in good hands.
On the other hand, he had Sheila’s well -being in mind. She was a kind- hearted and rather innocent girl who easily fell for deceit. She needed a strong protector by her side, and Dustin was the best choice.
They were the perfect match. Sheila stood quietly behind the both of them. Her face was tinged with a blush, reflecting both shyness and anticipation. She waited for Dustin’s response, hoping to hear the answer she desired.
“Thank you for thinking highly of me, General Murray. But an ordinary citizen like me is not worthy of Ms. Murray.” Dustin declined while shaking his head.
“Kid, I know who you are, so it’s pointless to put it that way. I just want to know if you have any feelings for Sheila,” Christopher asked again.
“General Murray, we’re just friends. That’s all,” Dustin replied decisively. Just friends? Christopher frowned slightly.
Why did it sound awkward? Didn’t Dustin say he saw her as a sister? Why did he make it sound so distant now? Sheila’s face stiffened when she heard that. She was disappointed.
“Kid, why don’t you reconsider?” Christopher was reluctant to admit defeat. He put down his pride for the sake of his granddaughter’s happiness.
“General Murray, some things are best not forced.” Dustin shook his head again, his gaze resolute. Christopher sighed. “Alright, alright. I won’t interfere in the affairs of you young people,” he conceded.
“General Murray, I believe I’m not needed here any longer. I will take my leave now.” Dustin respectfully bid his farewell and prepared to depart.
“Dustin…” Sheila couldn’t help but call out to him.
“Hmm?” Dustin turned around, confused.
He asked, “What is it, Ms. Murray?” “Dustin, I’m really sorry for the misunderstanding. Please accept my sincere apology.” Looking down, Sheila appeared remorseful.
“Ms. Murray, you did nothing wrong. I’ve never put the blame on you. So you don’t have to apologize.” Dustin shook his head.
It didn’t matter who was right or wrong; it was only a matter of trust. Sheila had made her decision, and he had no reason to feel dissatisfied.
“Will we see each other again?” Sheila gripped the corner of her shirt, feeling nervous and hopeful.
Dustin appeared polite and courteous. However, for some reason, he felt distant. He used to call her Sheila, but he now addressed her as Ms. Murray. It showed just how much distance had grown between them.
“We will meet again if fate allows it. Goodbye.” With a faint smile, Dustin walked straight out of the Murray residence.
“Dustin… .” Sheila felt empty as she watched him leave. It was as if something important was slowly slipping away.
“What happened between you two?” Christopher’s curiosity got the better of him.
“I…” Sheila hesitated. Finally, she decided to briefly recount the situation. Christopher was exasperated after hearing her story. “How can you be so foolish? Can’t you distinguish right from wrong?
“You believed the slander those Scoundrels spewed but confronted the one who helped you? Y-You … You’re going to drive me mad!”
“Grandpa, I know I was wrong. Can you help me?” Sheila asked weakly.
###Chapter 1147 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1147
Christopher let out a soft sigh. “The more talented one is, the more prideful they become.
“Going back to how things used to be won’t be easy. You’ve made your decision. While he may not blame you, things will never be the same.”
“What should I do?” Sheila was visibly anxious. “Just go with the flow, Sheila. Only time will tell. Perhaps you can meet again someday.” Christopher shook his head.
Although that was the advice he offered, he knew it was too late. Once a rift had formed, no matter how hard one tried to mend it, the scar would remain.
*
After leaving the Murray residence, Dustin drove back to Zephyr Lodge. As soon as he walked through the doors, an anxious Cornelius rushed out to meet him. yelleding as he ran, “Sir Rhys, we have a problem! We have a big problem!”
“Huh?” Dustin frowned instantly.
“What happened? Why are you so anxious? Calm down and tell me.” “I-It’s the Scarlet Warrior. She’s here!” Cornelius was breaking out in sweat.
“What about it? It’s not like you’ve never seen her before. What’s with your reaction?” Dustin rolled his eyes at him.
Cornelius had experienced worse things. Why was he getting anxious over such a small matter? It was embarrassing.
“There’s… There’s more…”
“What? Can you just finish your sentence? Why are you so fearful? It’s embarrassing.” Dustin was slightly put off.
“It isn’t just the Scarlet Warrior. Ms. Harmon has also arrived. They’ve met! “Cornelius exclaimed. “What?” Dustin was shocked. It was his turn to be unsettled.
“Why didn’t you say so earlier?”
“I was trying …” Cornelius said, feeling perplexed. Wasn’t Dustin all haughty earlier? Who was the embarrassing one now?
“How are they? They’re not fighting, are they?” Dustin asked. He knew Scarlet’s temperament well. Once she decided to act, no one could stop her.
“No, but the air between them in the room is pretty intense.” Cornelius involuntarily shrunk back in fear.
“Where are they?” Dustin pressed further.
“In the guest lounge.” “Let’s go! Come with me!” Dustin left for the guest lounge in a hurry. Cornelius could only follow him helplessly.
Meanwhile, inside the guest lounge, Natasha was seated at the main seat.. She was leisurely drinking her tea. On the other hand, Scarlet was seated next to her, engrossed in a military strategy book.
Senior members of the Kirin Gang stood respectfully on both sides, hardly daring to breathe. It was extremely stifling. In the end, Natasha was the first to break the silence. “Ms. Spanner, how long have you known Dustin, if I may ask.”
“Since we were children,” Scarlet replied coldly.
“Oh, so you’re childhood friends?” Natasha raised an eyebrow. “We’re also arranged to be married,” Scarlet said confidently.
“Marriage?” Natasha chuckled. “Times have changed. I doubt your arranged marriage still holds any weight.”
“Our families have been friends for generations. Of course, it still stands,” Scarlet replied with an icy stare.
“Traditions are one thing, but has Dustin agreed to the arrangement?” Natasha smiled. “How do you know that he won’t agree? “Scarlet countered. “Because I’m his woman.” Natasha puffed up her chest, showcasing her prominent assets with pride.
“You’re not worthy.” Scarlet shook her head.
“That’s not up to you to decide.” Natasha maintained her smile. “I’m warning you. Stay away from him, or I’ll kill you,” Scarlet said coldly.
“Really? I don’t believe you.”
As soon as Natasha said that, she heard the sound of a sword being unsheathed. Before she knew it, a viridescent sword was pressed against her throat.
###Chapter 1148 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1148
“Say that again?” Scarlet’s expression was frosty. She pointed the tip of her sword against Natasha’s throat. If she just pushed forward an inch more, would easily end up dead. Natasha “Hmm?”
Natasha frowned at the sight of the blade against her throat. She hadn’t expected Scarlet to have such a bad temper and draw her sword without a word.
She was also certain that Scarlet was serious. If she provoked her further, she would be as good as dead. It seemed like she had met her match. This woman before her was harder to deal with than Dahlia.
“Stop it!” Amid their deadlock, Dustin suddenly rushed in.
“Dustin, you’re here!” Scarlet immediately sheathed her sword. Her previous cold demeanor was replaced by a smile.
“Scarlet, what were you doing earlier?” Dustin frowned, evidently displeased. “Nothing, I was just joking around with Ms. Harmon,” Scarlet said with a smile.
“Joking around?”
Dustin turned to Natasha and asked softly, “Are you hurt?” “I’m fine. I was bored earlier and asked to see Ms. Spanner’s sword. She was just handing it to me.” Natasha smiled.
Her words surprised Scarlet. She thought Natasha would rat her out. She didn’t expect her to cover up for her instead.
“Thankfully, you’re fine. Swords are dangerous. Be careful next time. I don’t want any of you getting hurt, understand?”
As he emphasized the last word, he turned his attention toward Scarlet. His gaze carried a hint of warning.
“Okay, I got it.” Scarlet lowered her head like a student getting scolded by their teacher. Anyone who witnessed that scene would have been astonished. Who would dare to lecture the Scarlet Warrior in the whole of Dragonmarsh?
“Dustin, come with me for a moment.” 11 Natasha plastered on a professional smile before walking out of the guest lounge.
Dustin felt inexplicably uneasy. Still, he knew he had to confront the situation. He followed her to a secluded area. where Natasha stopped. She turned around, her smile even brighter.
Dustin’s uneasiness deepened. Her smile seemed to hide a different agenda. “Ask away, Natasha. I have nothing to hide.” Dustin was somewhat hesitant..
“Don’t be so nervous. I won’t bite.” Natasha dusted off his shoulders. She said with a smile, “Why don’t you tell me who Ms. Spanner is? She doesn’t seem like an ordinary woman.’
“To be honest, Scarlet is the Oakvale Spanners’ daughter. She is also known as Dragonmarsh’s Goddess of War,” Dustin said truthfully.
“Scarlet Spanner? The Scarlet Warrior? “Natasha raised an eyebrow. “I can’t believe it’s her.” Natasha had heard of the Scarlet Warrior. She was Oakvale’s top female prodigy among the younger generation.
She was one of the most prominent figures in Dragonmarsh, regardless of status or identity. “What’s your relationship with her? Why is she looking for you?” Natasha’s curiosity grew.
She had always believed that Dustin was no ordinary man. Even so, she didn’t expect him to be connected to a prodigy like Scarlet.
“Our mothers were good friends. That’s why we’ve known each other since childhood. However, I left Oakvale ten years ago, and we’ve lost contact ever since. “It was only recently that we ran into each other,” Dustin explained in detail.
“So you really were childhood friends?” Natasha asked in jealousy, “So the arranged marriage she mentioned was true?”
“What arranged marriage? It was just a childhood promise. It was nothing serious.”
Dustin shook his head. “Ever since my mom passed away, the relationship between our families had become distant. Besides, I’ve always seen her as a sister, nothing more.”
“A sister?” Natasha said with a tinge of resentment, “But she doesn’t seem to see you as just a brother. She’s so beautiful. Are you sure you won’t fall for her?”
“No matter how beautiful she is, can she compare to you?” Dustin replied seriously. “That’s true.” Natasha was visibly delighted. “Since when did you become a smooth talker? I didn’t expect that.”
“I’m just stating facts,” Dustin said righteously. Natasha laughed. “Alright, you passed. “She beamed.
“I won’t hold Scarlet’s situation against you, but you need to be careful. That kid seems to rely on you a little too much. If you don’t handle the situation well, it might destroy her.”
Though Natasha had never met Scarlet, she had heard of her reputation. Scarlet was known as the cold and ruthless Goddess of War who killed without hesitation.
Ever since she became a prominent figure, she worked independently. She never yielded to anyone, not even the royal family.
However, Scarlet was like a well- behaved girl in front of Dustin. Not only that, she also seemed nervous and fearful. It was as if she was afraid of upsetting him.
It was the complete opposite of her usual personality. As a woman, Natasha understood that Scarlet had developed deep feelings for Dustin and had come to rely on him.
For someone as cold and detached as Scarlet, once they fell in love, they tended to become entangled and found it hard to let go. That was why Natasha was worried that if Dustin were to hurt Scarlet, she might go insane.
“Scarlet is like a sister to me. She still sees me through the lens of our childhood experiences. It would be hard to change that perspective in the short term.
“But I believe that time will eventually help her see reality,” Dustin replied without much thought. Their positions in life had changed. It was only natural for them to grow apart over time.
“I hope so.” Natasha nodded in contemplation.
“Dustin, are you done talking to her?” Just then, they heard Scarlet calling out from afar. She had walked out of the guest lounge as she had been waiting for some time and grew concerned.
“What’s wrong?” Dustin asked.
“I’m hungry,” Scarlet said as she rubbed her belly.
“Since Ms. Spanner is hungry, let’s get something to eat. It just so happens that a new restaurant has opened up in Millsburg.
“Let’s try it out together,” Natasha, suggested with a smile.
“Alright, then let’s go.” Dustin nodded.
He brought them into the car and drove them to the restaurant. Right as they left Zephyr Lodge, two MPVs followed them discreetly.
###Chapter 1149 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1149
Half an hour later, two luxury cars slowly pulled up in front of A’roma. The doors opened, and Dustin and his group got off one after the other.
A’roma was a newly opened restaurant. It was known for its excellent ambiance, service, and food. The restaurant had garnered favorable reviews.
There were many high-ranking officials and prominent figures who frequented the place. They had made a prior reservation. Thus, a few senior waitresses promptly led Dustin and his group to the second floor.
On the second floor was the VIP area. Regular VIP patrons sat in the main hall, with decorative screens placed between tables.
Meanwhile, higher-tiered VIPS had private rooms. They enjoyed a better experience in terms of environment. and services. “Ms. Harmon, this way, please.”
A senior waitress dressed in a white shirt smiled as she led the group. She brought them to the entrance of a private room named Celestial Room 3.
She opened the door and was about to walk in when a woman dressed in a black professional suit abruptly stood in their way. A nameplate adorned her chest, bearing the title “Assistant Manager”.
“Hold on! This room is already occupied. Get the guests another room, “the assistant manager, Sue Fern, said. “Ms. Sue, you must have been mistaken. These guests have made a prior booking for Celestial Room 3.’ The waitress in white was perplexed.
“There’s been a change in plans. A few prominent figures are coming and have specifically requested Celestial Room 3. We must vacate it immediately,” Sue ordered coldly.
“Ms. Sue, this doesn’t seem right. The guests have already made a reservation. How are we supposed to explain it to them when we switch rooms at the last minute?”
The waitress in white was hesitant. ” Besides, we only have four Celestial Rooms, and the other three are already occupied. There are no more rooms we can switch to.”
“The Celestial Rooms are all occupied, but we still have the Terra Rooms. It doesn’t matter what room it is. Just get them another room. What’s with all the nonsense?” Sue was getting impatient. Although she had lowered her voice to a whisper, Dustin could hear her clearly.
“Ms. Sue, the standards between the Celestial Rooms and Terra Rooms are extremely different. I don’t think they will agree,” the waitress in white said weakly.
Who would agree to such a rude request? They had paid for a Celestial Room but were offered a Terra Room instead. It was a significant downgrade in terms of treatment and ambiance.
“You useless trash! Let me talk to them! “Sue glared at her before approaching Dustin and his group. With a fake smile, she said, “Dear guests, our staff has made a mistake. Celestial Room 3 is currently not available.
“Please move to another area. We have several Terra Rooms available for your selection.”
“We already made a reservation for this room half an hour ago. Isn’t it too late to tell us it is unavailable?” Dustin said impassively.
If it had been a genuine issue, he would have been understanding. But, it was apparent that they were being mistreated. Everyone was there to dine and spend money, so why should they be given the short end of the stick?
“Our establishment has its rules, sir. I hope you won’t make things difficult for me.” Sue’s smile disappeared. “Am I making things difficult for you, or are you making things difficult for me?”
Dustin raised an eyebrow. “If I’m not mistaken, you were going to give the room we reserved to someone else.”
“Huh?” Sue frowned, seemingly surprised, but she quickly regained her composure.
“Since you heard it all, I’ll be honest with you. We have some distinguished guests visiting us today. They must be seated in the Celestial Room.
“Please be considerate. That would be best for everyone.” “Considerate?”
###Chapter 1150 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1150
Dustin found it amusing. “Is this the kind of service A’roma provides? Requesting us to switch rooms for no apparent reason and not even being polite about it?
“Are you trying to take advantage of your customers?” How were they supposed to enjoy their meal when they were being forced to switch rooms for a few people?
“What exactly do you want, was unhappy. sir?” Sue “Are you saying you should be compensated? Fine, as long as you agree to switch rooms, I’ll cover the cost of a complimentary fruit platter. That should do it, right?” She looked at him in disdain.
“Firstly, I don’t need compensation. Secondly, offering us a mere fruit platter as compensation? What do you take us for? Beggars?”
In a restaurant, the customer usually came first. Yet, the woman before him seemed to ignore that completely.
“You better not be difficult, sir. We have rules in this restaurant. If you’re unhappy, you’re always welcome to leave!” Sue was annoyed.
Their restaurant was booming. Losing a few morally questionable customers wouldn’t matter in the slightest.
“Oh, you’re going to kick us out after just a few words from us? A’roma seems to think highly of itself!” Dustin pushed Sue aside as he spoke and walked straight into Celestial Room 3, taking a seat. He said coldly, “I’m dining in here today! Let’s see who can remove me!”
“Y-You’re being absolutely unreasonable!”
Sue was exasperated. “A’roma doesn’t welcome you. I’m warning you, leave this place immediately before I call for security!”
“Sure, call them. Get them here. I’d like to see how you plan to continue your business after this situation escalates.” Dustin calmly poured himself a cup of tea.
“You scoundrel! You have no shame! Get out! Get out of here immediately!” Sue flew into a rage and rushed toward Dustin. She was ready to strike him.
Before Sue could touch him, Natasha slapped her hard across the face. The slap left her dazed and disoriented. She rubbed her stinging cheek, unable to react for a moment.
“How dare someone like you make a scene here?” Natasha’s expression was cold. She looked intimidating, exuding a queen-like temperament.
“You… How dare you hit me?” Sue glared at Natasha in disbelief. Her boyfriend was the boss of A’roma. He wasn’t only rich and influential, he was also well-connected with high- ranking officials and prominent figures.
Everyone held her in high regard in A’roma. How dare this woman hit her? How horrible! “So what if I hit you? You deserve more than a slap, you arrogant bitch!” Natasha cursed.
“You… Just you wait! I’ll make you pay! “Sue spat out, turning to seek assistance. However, Scarlet suddenly made a move. She grabbed Sue by the throat and lifted her off the ground.
In a serious tone, she asked, “Dustin, should I kill her?”
###Chapter 1151 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1151
“Ugh…” Sue couldn’t breathe. As her feet dangled in the air, her face turned red. A sense of impending doom spread through her.
She never expected the silent white- haired woman to be that strong. She was able to lift her up effortlessly with just one hand.
She had no doubt that if the woman exert some force into it, her neck would snap. “No need, just two slaps as a lesson will do,” Dustin said.
“Okay.” Scarlet nodded and delivered two hard slaps. The slaps left Sue dazed and disoriented. Her teeth were knocked out, and her nose was bleeding. After hitting her, Scarlet threw her out the door like a piece of trash.
Sue coughed violently, and her face was pale and swollen. It took her a while to recover.
“You… you guys are too much! I will not let you get away with this!”
Sue grimaced and made her way downstairs in a rush. However, as soon as she reached the foot of the staircase, she collided with a group of people. Tumbling to the ground, she let out cries of pain.
“Who dared-” Sue was about to unleash a torrent of curses when she saw who it was and froze. She instantly smiled sweetly. “Ms. Nicolson, Madam Franklin, you’re here.
It was none other than the distinguished guests she had mentioned. Leading the group was Dahlia, with Florence, Julie, and Victoria next to her.
“What the hell? Are you blind? Did you not see us come in? You dirtied my newly bought designer shoes! What bad luck!”
Florence was furious when she noticed. the shoe print on her new shoes. “I’m sorry, Madam Franklin. I didn’t do it on purpose. Let me wipe that off for you.”
Sue bowed and apologized. She knelt on the ground and used her sleeve to clean Florence’s shoes spotlessly. Her humble demeanor was a stark contrast to how she had acted toward Dustin.
“That’s enough, keep your distance!” Florence was annoyed. “Sue, what happened to your face? Did someone hit you?” Julie suddenly asked.
“Ms. Amberson, I just encountered a few ruffians who are trying to forcibly occupy Celestial Room 3 that I had prepared for your group.
“I tried to argue, but they resorted to violence instead! They’re despicable!” Sue said indignantly.
“What? Someone dared steal our room? The nerve! Didn’t you tell them who we were?” Florence was displeased. They were of a different status now; even aristocrats treated them with respect.
“Madam Franklin, I told them you were distinguished guests and A’roma’s supreme VIPs. And yet, they completely disregarded it.
“They even threatened to beat up anyone who dared take their seats.” Sue fanned the flames. If her distinguished guests were willing to stand up for her, then those people in Celestial Room 3 would be in deep trouble.
“That’s outrageous! They’d beat us up? I’m going to see who this crazy person is!” Florence’s anger flared.
“Lead the way! I need to teach these ignorant people a lesson, too!” Julie was also indignant.
“Right away, please follow me.” Sue nodded and brought the group of people to Celestial Room 3.
“Madam Franklin, they’re inside.”
Irritated, Florence kicked the door open without a single word. She walked inside haughtily and demanded, “Who was it that wanted to take our room? Stand up if you dare!” “It was me.”
###Chapter 1152 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1152
Dustin got up from his seat slowly and turned to face them. When he saw Florence and her group, he was slightly taken aback. What a small world.
“Another one?” Natasha frowned when she noticed Dahlia. She hadn’t even finished dealing with Scarlet, and now Dahlia had joined the scene. It felt like she was being played by some cosmic joke.
“Dustin? It’s you!” Florence’s expression darkened after she took a good look at the person before her. “Why are you here? You’re not tailing us, are you?”
“Don’t overthink it. We’re just here to have a meal,” Dustin replied impassively. “A meal? Hmph! Who knows if you’re telling the truth.”
Florence was doubtful. “You must have heard about our newfound wealth and planned this coincidental meeting. I’ve encountered plenty of people like you! You’re trying to find an opportunity to gain favor with us!”
“That’s right!” Julie chimed in haughtily. “Rhys! I’m warning you to keep your distance! Our social status puts us way out of your league!”
“Your social status doesn’t concern me. If there’s nothing else, please leave. Don’t disrupt our meal.” Dustin drove them out.
“Pfft! This is Madam Franklin’s room! You’re the ones occupying it!” Sue shouted cowardly. “Did you hear that? We reserved this room! You should be leaving instead!” Florence’s expression was one of arrogance.
“I’m ordering you to get out of my sight right now!” she shouted. “Get out right now!” Julie glared at them.
“First of all, I reserved this room first. We’re not occupying it by force. Also, who the hell do you think you are to order me around?” Dustin asked coldly. Since they had broken all ties, there was no need to show them respect.
“You impudent bastard!” Florence glared at Dustin and yelled, Rhys! How dare you talk to me that way? Do you know I can have all of you thrown into prison with a single command?”
With the backing of the Mosey family, they could act however they liked. No one would dare stand in their way.
“Really? I don’t believe you.” Dustin shook his head. “You-” Florence was about to launch into a tirade when Dahlia raised her hand to stop her.
She looked at Dustin and calmly said, Dustin, I need to meet an important guest here today. I hope you will let us have the room. As compensation, I’ll cover the expenses of your meal.”
Before Dustin could respond, Natasha stood up. With a smile, she interjected, “Ms. Nicholson is indeed generous. Unfortunately, we don’t need your compensation. Please, leave.”
“Hmm?” Dahlia frowned and locked her gaze on Natasha. She retorted icily, “Ms. Harmon, was it? Please get this straight; you’re the ones intruding into our reserved room. I’ve already politely asked you to leave. Please don’t push your luck.”
Natasha covered her mouth and chuckled lightly “Is Me Nicholson threatening me?”
Then her expression suddenly turned cold, “And if I choose not to comply?”
Dahlia’s expression grew even colder as she stared silently at Natasha. Natasha, unwilling to show any weakness, matched her gaze.
The intensity of their confrontation sent shivers down the spines of those present. In an instant, the atmosphere became tense.
###Chapter 1153 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1153
Natasha and Dahlia locked eyes in a fierce standoff. Their gazes were engaged in an intense battle of wills. The two women each possessed a unique charm and captivating beauty. At that moment, they exhibited a strong desire to outdo each other.
“Ms. Harmon, I’d rather not engage in a verbal confrontation with you. The truth speaks for itself.
“You’ve occupied our room. If you refuse to leave, don’t blame me for calling the cops, “Dahlia spoke again. Her tone was calm but assertive.
“Feel free to call the cops.” Natasha smiled weakly, showing no fear.
“Dahlia, these people are truly shameless. There’s no need to be polite with them. Just have someone kick them out!” Florence was getting annoyed.
“That’s right! This is clearly the room we reserved. What makes them think they can just occupy it forcefully? They’re too much!” Julie chimed in. Right then, the restaurant’s security personnel had gathered in the room.
When Florence saw them, she yelled, What are you doing just standing there? Hurry up and drive them all out!” “Did you hear that? Drive them all out!
“Sue clamored.
“Looking for a fight? By all means.” Dustin stepped forward, shielding Natasha. Scarlet just unsheathed her sword in silence. As long as Dustin asked her to, she would kill the people before them without hesitation.
“Hold up!” Dahlia raised her hand to stop the security personnel and looked at Dustin coldly. She said, “I would advise you to leave before the situation escalates. Stop making a scene here with your unreasonable pestering. You won’t be able to bear the consequences if you do.
“Unreasonable pestering?” Dustin shook his head with a smile.
“Ms. Nicholson, it seems like you’re confused. We aren’t the ones doing the unreasonable pestering. Your group has been acting tyrannically without getting your facts straight.”
“You are forcibly occupying our room. How is that even reasonable?” Dahlia frowned.
She had a good impression of Dustin previously. She was even interested in recruiting him. However, his behavior today was extremely disappointing.
“Let me first make it clear that we had already booked this room in advance. It was your group who intervened and tried to take it from us forcibly.
“We ed, and you even resorted to various forms of coercion. So, who is actually being unreasonable here?” Dustin countered.
“You booked it?” Dahlia was doubtful and turned to Sue.
“Ms. Nicholson, don’t listen to his nonsense!” Sue was anxious and immediately tried to justify herself. “I reserved this room especially for you. But when they arrived, they insisted on sitting here and wouldn’t leave. They’re truly despicable!”
“Did you hear that? What else do you have to say for yourselves?” Dahlia questioned coldly. “See for yourself.” Dustin was too lazy to explain and took out his phone. He displayed his reservation details.
The screen clearly showed that he had made an online reservation for Celestial Room 3 30 minutes ago. Dustin had even paid the deposit.
Dahlia was rendered speechless by the evidence before her. She had thought Dustin was forcibly occupying the room the entire time. But it had turned out to be a misunderstanding.
“What’s going on?” Dahlia turned to Sue again, her brow locked in a deep frown.
“There… There seems to be an issue with the reservation. The system must have malfunctioned,” Sue explained boldly.
“Malfunctioned? Do you think I’m an idiot?” Dahlia’s expression grew cold. She had thought she was fighting for their rights, but they ended up being the unreasonable party. The reversal was somewhat humiliating.
###Chapter 1154 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1154
“I…” Sue was at a loss for words. She wanted to argue further but hesitated. She could sense that Dahlia had grown angry.
“You useless trash!” Right then, Florence couldn’t hold back any longer and slapped Sue across the face. She yelled, “You can’t even secure us a room? What good are you for? You’ve made a fool out of me!”
“Madam Franklin, I’m sorry. I’m really sorry.” Sue held her burning cheek. She held back her anger and apologized profusely, appearing extremely subservient.
“What’s the point of apologizing? How are you going to resolve this issue? Do you know that we have important guests arriving soon?” Florence snapped.
This useless person not only failed in her task but also humiliated her in front of Dustin. It was simply unforgivable.
“Madam Franklin, why don’t we head to Terra Room 1? The atmosphere there is quite pleasant,” Sue suggested tentatively.
Florence delivered another slap across her face. She roared, “Are you stupid? People of our stature should be seated in the Celestial Rooms. The Terra Rooms are nowhere near our status.”
“That’s right! There’s a world of difference between them. How are they even comparable?”
Julie crossed her arms, looking extremely dissatisfied. “Even Dustin gets to occupy a Celestial Room. Are you implying that our status is beneath him?”
“I…” Sue was at a total loss as she covered her cheek. She never expected things to turn out this way. Initially, she had planned to win over Dahlia’s group. Instead, she had landed herself in trouble and made them unhappy.
And Dustin had caused this entire mess. The more she thought about it, the more resentful she became.
“Forget about it, the Terra Rooms will do. Switch rooms for us.” Dahlia was unhappy, but she couldn’t be bothered to argue further.
“I’ll have it arranged right away!” Sue was relieved and quickly got the waitresses to prepare the room.
“Wait!” Florence was unhappy. “Dahlia, how can you just let this matter go? Do you know where we stand now? We are Dragonmarsh’s top aristocrats!
“No matter where we go, we deserve the highest level of treatment. How can an inferior Terra Room compare to our status?”
“That’s right! We need the best room to reflect our status!” Julie chimed in. “Madam Franklin, the Terra Rooms actually have a nice environment. They are by no means subpar. You’ll find out once you head there.” Sue smiled apologetically.
“Shut up! They’re inferior if I say so!” Florence glared at her. Sue was so intimidated that she shrunk back in silence.
Florence didn’t care about the ambiance. What she cared about was her reputation and status. Thus, the rarer and more expensive something was, the more she desired it. She was determined to obtain it at all costs.
“Mom, the Celestial Rooms are full. We’ll just have to make do,” Dahlia instructed. “No way! How can we just make do? Don’t worry, I’ll handle this.”
Florence then turned to Dustin and said haughtily, “Rhys, I’m taking this room no matter what. Just name your price.”
“Name my price? Are you trying to buy me off?”
“That’s right!” Florence lifted her head proudly. “I’m wealthy now. As long as you leave, I’ll pay whatever amount you want.”
As she spoke, she retrieved a gold card from her bag, showing it off and waving it proudly in front of Dustin. She looked exactly like a status seeker.
###Chapter 1155 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1155
Dustin found it amusing how arrogant Florence was behaving. From her actions and attire, Dustin guessed that she must have met a benefactor who had brought her entire family to immense riches.
Not only were they rich now, but they also possessed power and status. She was already rude and haughty before they were rich and powerful. Now that they were, she went from bad to worse. But Dustin wasn’t surprised. that she’d act this way.
“Hey! I’m talking to you! Do you hear me? Name your price! I’m really busy and don’t have time for your games!”
Florence held a gold card between her fingers, looking every part a wealthy woman. “I’m afraid you won’t be able to afford. the price I have in mind.” Dustin shook his head.
“We can’t afford it?” Florence broke out in cackles as she shot Dustin a ridiculous look. “Hey Rhys! You really look down on us, don’t you? Do you know our status now? Do you know how loaded we are?
“See this gold card here? The amount I have in here is enough to shock you out of your wits!”
“That’s right! We’re no longer who we used to be before! You can only wish that you’ll be able to attain our status today!” Julie lifted her chin proudly.
To them, Dustin was nothing more than a man who relied on women. He was only acting all high and mighty because he had Natasha backing him up. But now, they had Sir Mosey supporting them. Even Natasha was nothing compared to him.
She was just the heiress of a slightly wealthy family. How could she compare to Sir Mosey? The difference between them was like night and day!
“Alright, alright. Enough of your nonsense. My patience is wearing thin. Let’s get on with it,” Florence urged.
“Well, since you’re so rich, I won’t hold back. I will accept to swap rooms with you if you give me this amount.” Dustin raised his index finger.
“Ten thousand?” Florence huffed in disdain. “What a loser with such low standards. No wonder you can only mooch off women.”
“What can I say, Dustin? You’ve missed your chance at making a fortune.” Julie looked at Dustin like he was a dimwit.
“There! Ten thousand for you. Now get lost!”
Florence gestured to one of her guards to bring her a wad of cash. Then, she threw it at Dustin’s feet like he was a charity case.
“Do I look like a beggar?” Dustin sniggered. “What? Is that not enough?” Florence raised an eyebrow. “You can’t be asking for a million, can you? Do you think you’re worth that much?”
“Are you kidding me? A million? I’m asking for ten billion!” Dustin’s response was shocking. “What? Ten billion?” Everyone was startled by Dustin’s demand.
What was he thinking? Ten billion? Did he think that they were cash cows?
It was true that they were rich. But they weren’t so rich to spend ten billion just to use the Celestial Room! Only an idiot would do something like that!
“You heard right. Ten billion. I’ll leave as soon as you pay up.” Dustin smiled ever so faintly. Didn’t they enjoy flaunting their wealth? Today was the day he’d give them the opportunity to show off just how rich they were.
“Are you out of your mind, Rhys? How dare you demand such a ridiculous amount? Look in the mirror to see if you’re worth that amount!” Florence was exasperated.
“You must have lost your marbles! You’re not worth ten billion!” Julie yelled.
“Exactly! You should thank your lucky stars that we’re willing to give you ten thousand! How dare you ask for ten billion?” Victoria shouted as well.
“You’re asking for ten billion just to swap rooms? You’re better off robbing a bank!” Sue exclaimed indignantly.
The rascal was too much! It was one thing to ask for tens of thousands. But ten billion? Did he think that they were easy marks?
“Well, that wouldn’t be quite as fast as extorting you, would it?”
Dustin continued seriously, “Besides, you were the ones who requested for me to name my price. But now that I’ve named my price, you can’t afford it? Who’s to blame for that?”
###Chapter 1156 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1156
“You… you’re shameless!” Florence was so angry her face was flushed as she gritted her teeth. She had meant to flaunt her riches. But the rascal embarrassed her in front of everyone! He was despicable!
“I’ve stated my price. Now, you have two options. You either pay the sum I asked for or get lost!” Dustin wasn’t in the mood to play nice.
“You’re too much! You’ve gone overboard!” Florence was livid. Ever since her sudden rise in status, she had never experienced anything as embarrassing as this.
“What’s going on?” A tall, lanky man who was all suited up strode over with his head held high. All the restaurant’s security made way for him as soon as he arrived.
The man was Lou Geek, the owner of A’roma. “Lou! You’re finally here!” Sue was elated when she saw him. She quickly hurried over to his side. Lou was not only her boyfriend but also her powerful backer. He had status, power, and connections.
And most importantly, his connections reached both the authorities and the underworld. There was nothing he couldn’t handle with the snap of his fingers.
“What happened to your face? Who did it?” Lou frowned when he saw Sue’s swollen face.
“Lou, I did what you asked me to. I prepared a private room for Ms. Nicholson, but these ruffians insisted on having it.
“They even got aggressive when they didn’t have their way with things. See, they were the ones who did this to me! My face is ruined!”
Sue sobbed as she told Lou what had happened. Lou’s face fell when he heard the whole story. Nobody had dared to cause a scene at A’roma since the day it opened. Who was the one who had a death wish? How dare he hit his woman?
“Ms. Nicholson, Mrs. Nicholson, are you both alright?” Lou did not act up right away. Instead, he walked over to Dahlia and Florence to check on them.
“You’ve come at the right time, Mr. Geek. Someone here is trying to take our room, and he’s making our time here really unpleasant. I’m incredibly frustrated with everything that’s going on.
“How do you propose we handle this?”
Florence demanded as she crossed her arms, giving off an authoritative air. “Mrs. Nicholson, all this happened because of the lack of planning on our end. I’m deeply sorry that your mood has been ruined.
“I’ll pay for all your expenses here at A’roma in the future.” Lou smiled apologetically. “Pay for all expenses?” Many among the crowd were surprised to hear that.
Expenditure at A’roma was quite costly as all their ingredients were top-grade quality. To pay for all their expenses for life was not something everyone could afford to do.
“That sounds more like it,” Florence huffed. She looked much more appeased after hearing that. However, she continued, “I accept your apology, but I will not forget what happened today. You must give me a satisfactory explanation!”
“Of course, that goes without saying. I promise you will leave this place satisfied.” Lou spoke deferentially, appearing subservient.
But the moment he turned around, his expression immediately darkened. ” Who was the one who wanted to take Mrs. Nicholson’s room? Stand up right this instant!”
“Correction, I wasn’t trying to take it from her. We booked the room first,” Dustin corrected Lou calmly.
“I don’t care who booked the room first. If Mrs. Nicholson wants the room, then it’s hers!” Lou said domineeringly.
“Who are you?” Dustin asked.
“I’m the owner of A’roma. I call the shots here!” Lou declared frostily.
“So you’re the owner, are you? Have you got no rules here? Don’t you know what it means by ‘first come, first served’? Don’t you know that you should treat your customers equally?” Dustin asked.
“Cut the nonsense! What I say goes!”
Lou started to look impatient. “I’m officially declaring that you bunch of ruffians are blacklisted and banned from ever entering A’roma again!
“From this moment on, we will not accept you as customers. So don’t even dream of dining here anymore! Now, get the hell out of A’roma! This is an order!”
###Chapter 1157 by Marina Vittori
Lou’s words were rude and harsh, and he showed no courtesy to Dustin. Dustin had intended to be reasonable and talk things out. But upon hearing that, his expression darkened.
No wonder all the staff at A’roma were so arrogant. It was because they had such an arrogant boss!
“Hey! Didn’t you hear what he said? Get lost!” Sue barked. “So this is how you run the place, by throwing customers out. Seems to me like you’re not interested in business,” Dustin said icily.
“It’s not that we’re not interested in business. We’re just not interested in business from you!”
Lou continued boldly, “I run the place, so what I say goes. I don’t like the looks of you, so all of you better get the hell out of here within one minute, or I’ll get things done my way.”
The crowd immediately made a big commotion when they heard that, urging Dustin to leave.
“Well, Rhys? The owner has made it clear that he wants you out of here. Why are you so shameless to stay?” Florence smirked as she folded her arms in front of her.
She can’t win him in an argument, nor can she win him by reasoning. So, the only way she could win this was to resort to abusing her powers and bullying him into leaving.
“Hah! Some people really know no shame. He’s clearly been kicked out, yet he lingers around like a stray dog,” Julie said, insulting him. “Exactly! Doesn’t he know his place? How dare he fight with us for the room? How ignorant!”
Victoria looked at Dustin in contempt. They now had Sir Mosey backing them up. Everyone else had to stand aside and make way for them.
“Oh, so you’re throwing your weight around now? Are you sure you want to do this?” Dustin looked at Lou coldly.
“Of course, I’m sure!” Lou lifted his chin. “You angered Mrs. Nicholson, and that’s no different from angering me. Since you’ve gotten on my nerves, I’m throwing you out!” Then, Lou gestured to his security guards.
A moment later, all the guards swarmed up and surrounded Dustin, looking at him fiercely. Some of them even pulled out sticks, ready to attack upon Lou’s orders.
“Rhys, you better know where you stand. You and us, we’re no longer of the same status.” Florence stuck out her chin and looked at him haughtily.
“Do you know what power is? Do you know the difference between us now? To put things simply, we can dine here without paying a single penny, and you need to pay us to dine here. Get it?”
“Just accept it. People like you deserve to grovel at our feet for life!” Julie sneered.
“Hey, rascal! You look very unhappy about things.”
A corner of Lou’s lips was raised as he continued relentlessly, “But so what? You’re on my turf. So I don’t care who the hell you are. You will do as I say. “And now, I say you leave, so you fucking leave!”
“You’re just the owner of a restaurant. I don’t understand why you think you can afford to be so arrogant.”
Dustin scoffed as he shook his head. ” Fine, it seems like you don’t want business. Then I guess you can shut your business down from today onward.
With that said, he pulled out his phone and made a call. “Get some of our men here and shut down A’roma.”
“Hey, you’re going to shut us down? Oh, I’m terrified. See, I’m even trembling!”
Lou sniggered sarcastically. “Hey, kiddo, do you know who you’re going up against? Do you know who’s backing me up?
“Please do your research before acting up around here. I’m afraid you’ll be scared silly once you know who is backing us up!”
“I don’t care who you are, and I don’t give a damn who got your backing. All I know is I’m terribly pissed today, so you will pay for your actions,” Dustin answered calmly.
Lou laughed. “You’re threatening me? Fine! I’ll be waiting right here. I’d like to see what you’re capable of!”
Lou folded his arms in front of his chest. He seemed to have absolutely no fear for Dustin.
He must have a certain level of background and connections to be able to run a high-end restaurant in the city center where rent was sky-high. And business was booming for him, too.
Not a while later, the sound of several cars zoomed past outside A’roma. Then, a large group of disciples from Kirin Gang stormed in.
The guards from A’roma’s expressions turned to that of fear when they saw them charging in. All of a sudden, they were no longer as arrogant as they were before anymore.
###Chapter 1158 by Marina Vittori
Everyone who was involved in the underworld knew that the Kirin Gang was in control of the entire underworld of Millsburg. No other influences dared to go against them.
So when they saw the disciples of Kirin Gang charging in, the guards were all intimidated. “Whoa, I never knew that the rascal actually wielded some power.” Victoria was taken aback. “Hah! They’re just some thugs who do not deserve our attention,” Julie remarked disdainfully.
“Exactly! Insignificant and incapable thugs! Mr. Geek will be able to handle them easily enough.” Florence acted all high and mighty.
She would have been intimidated by the likes of them in the past. But now, they were nothing to her. After all, Sir Mosey’s power was on an entirely different level.
“Sir Rhys, is something the matter?”
Cornelius came running up to the second floor with their men in tow.
“A’roma is pushing their customers around, and I’m not happy with that. Shut the place down. This place will be closed indefinitely from now on,” Dustin announced plainly.
“No problem!” Cornelius raised his hand and said, “Boys, thrash the place! Show all the customers out. Beat up whoever dares to stop us!”
“Yes, sir!” The disciples of Kirin Gang got around to carrying out Cornelius’s orders.
“Stop it! Stop it, all of you!” Lou finally lost his cool when he saw what was happening. “You bunch of trash! Do you know who A’roma is backed by? How dare you wreck my place? Do you have a death wish?”
“Fuck you!” Cornelius lost his patience with Lou and slapped him. That immediately sent him sprawling on the ground.
“How dare you infuriate Sir Rhys? It doesn’t matter who’s supporting you because no one will be able to save you today!”
“You How dare you hit me?” Lou cupped his burning cheeks in his hand as he roared, “Guards! Throw these scum out of here!”
But the guards from A’roma simply looked around awkwardly. None of them dared to act rashly. These were disciples from Kirin Gang. They weren’t people they could afford to mess with.
“Are you all fucking deaf? I said, throw them the fuck out!” Seeing how nobody was taking action, Lou was agitated. He turned and slapped several of the guards behind him.
“I hired you to keep things orderly, not to lounge around and do nothing! Throw them out right now! This is an order!”
“M-Mr. Geek… They are from Kirin Gang. We can’t afford to cross them,” the leader of the guards whispered to Lou.
“So what if they’re from Kirin Gang? I have the Grants behind me!”
Lou shouted maliciously, “One call! One call is all it would take for me to get the troops here and rid of these scum from Kirin Gang!”
“The Grants?” A ruckus broke out among the onlookers when they heard that. No one had expected Lou to have such a strong backer.
The Grants headed the Tremendous Three. Their influence overpowered that of even the Murrays’. No wonder Lou dared to act so arrogantly.
“Why the hell are you all still idling about? Get on with it!” Lou shouted as he delivered another slap to the leader of the guards to vent his frustration.
“Damn it! Go all out, boys!” The leader of the guards gritted his teeth. He gestured for the rest of the guards to follow him as he charged toward the disciples of Kirin Gang. They had the Grants behind them anyway. They had nothing to fear.
###Chapter 1159 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1159
“You want a fight?” Cornelius grinned when he saw the guards charging toward them. “Boys, you have three minutes. Go for it!”
“Alright!” The disciples of Kirin Gang were excited. They rubbed their fist on their palm as they went up to face them.
Cornelius was the leader of Shadow Gang, and all the members were formidable figures who had escaped Azkaban. They were considered the elites even within the Kirin Gang.
And now, after Dustin’s vigorous training, their abilities have improved by leaps and bounds. Any one of them could easily take out a hundred opponents in one go.
They would not lose out to any major guild in the martial world, much less these mediocre guards. As expected, it was immediately clear who was winning once the fight started. The disciples of Kirin Gang, who used to be from Shadow Gang, quickly crushed the guards in no time.
In under three minutes, all 30 guards were sprawled on the ground. They were so badly hurt that they couldn’t even move.
“Trash! What a bunch of trash!” Lou flew into a rage when he saw all his men on the ground. He had thought that they could hold up for at least a while. Who would have thought that they’d all be defeated so quickly? They were absolutely useless!
“Trash the place up! I want the place totally wrecked!” Cornelius did not hold back as he instructed the disciples of Kirin Gang to carry on with what they had started out to do.
But, of course, their aim was only to trash the place up without causing harm to the innocent onlookers.
“You ignorant bastards! How dare you act up here in A’roma? I guess all of you have death wishes! Just you wait!”
Lou was livid. He took out his phone and made a call for backup. Dustin simply watched on without stopping him. He had intended to be reasonable and talk things out, but since they insisted on throwing their weight around, he would also play at their game.
“Dustin, aren’t you going overboard?” Dahlia, who had been silently watching by the side, suddenly spoke up. “I’ve gone overboard? I don’t think so.” Dustin shrugged.
“Mr. Geek owns A’roma. He has the freedom to decide who he serves. “His words might have been harsh, but you should not have gotten your men here to trash the place. Besides, you won’t be able to handle the consequences,” Dahlia warned.
It didn’t matter who was in the wrong. Lou had the Grants behind him. They were not people that an insurance agent could afford to offend. Not even if he had the Harmons backing him up.
“Isn’t that statement of yours a little double standard, Ms. Nicholson?” Natasha scoffed.
“Why didn’t you say anything when Mr. Geek was insulting us earlier? Or when he was bossing people around? But now that he’s starting to lose out, you’re backing him up? To act all righteous?”
She had been fairly annoying before she lost her memories. But how was she even more insufferable now that she suffered from amnesia?
“I’m just stating facts. “Dahlia answered coldly, “Mr. Geek has got the Grants backing him up. You are in no position to cross them.
“If you stop now, I might be able to put in some good words for you and smooth things over.”
“Thanks for the consideration, but no thanks, Ms. Nicholson. We can handle it ourselves.” Natasha turned down Dahlia’s offer without even giving it any thought.
It did not matter to Natasha whether Dahlia was capable of doing that. Even if she was, Natasha didn’t want help from her.
“Dahlia, why are you helping them? If they have a death wish, let them have their way!” Florence pursed her lips.
“Yes, Dahlia, all we need to do is to sit by and watch. Why should we meddle with their affairs? It will do us no good,” Julie echoed.
She had been dying to see Dustin and his friends get into deep trouble. Now that the opportunity presented itself, she would not let it slip by.
“Do you really intend to go against the Grants?” Dahlia’s gaze on Dustin was sharp as she asked one last time.
“I will shut A’roma down for sure today. If the Grants insist on standing up for him, I’ll go all out,” Dustin replied resolutely.
“You-” Dahlia frowned in frustration.
###Chapter 1160 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1160
Why was Dustin so stubborn? Dahlia had spoken to him nicely and even offered to help him, but he did not appreciate it.
“Hmph! You’ve said all you can, but they insist on doing things their way. In that case, they deserve what they’re about to get, Dahlia. Let them be.” Florence crossed her arms over her chest as she looked at Dustin in distaste.
“Dahlia, you’re too kind. These people are trying to steal the private room, and yet you’re helping them? There’s no need to be so kind to people like them.” Julie shook her head.
“Exactly, Dahlia. Some people need to be taught a lesson to be put in their place!” Victoria exclaimed huffily.
“Forget it. I shall stay out of your business then.” Dahlia’s expression was cold as she backed off and went to take a seat in the corner.
Somehow, she felt some inexplicable frustration when Dustin turned down her offer to help him. It just came on suddenly and took over her. What was going on with her? He was just a stranger that she’d met a handful of times. Why was he getting to her?
“Hey, rascal, Ms. Nicholson’s offering you a way out, but you chose to turn her down. Do you know how stupid your decision is?
“You’ll regret it once my backup gets here! Lou sniggered, looking at Dustin like he was a fool. What an honor it was to have Ms. Nicholson speak up for him! Others would die for that chance, but the rascal actually turned her down! He was digging his own grave!
“Hah! You can act up all you want now. You’ll be done for in a while!” Sue exclaimed indignantly as she hid behind Lou, shooting daggers at Dustin.
Dustin could not be bothered with her. He showed Natasha and the rest of them back into Celestial Room 3, and they sat down to have some tea. They watched on as the disciples of Kirin Gang worked at tearing the place down.
“Go on! Wreck the place! You’ll be paying tenfold for what you’ve destroyed today!” Lou’s expression was dark.
A flame of anger burned within him, steadily growing stronger by the minute. “Who dares make a scene at A’roma?” someone bellowed. Then, a group of big, burly men with clear killing intent barged in.
Two well-dressed young men led the way. On the left was a man in a white shirt with a pair of sunglasses. He had a cigar perched on his lips, and he strode in in a very showy manner.
On the right was a man in black, who was extremely built and gave off a dominating air. His gaze was sharp, and one could tell he wasn’t an ordinary person at a glance.
“Vlad! You’re finally here!”
Lou’s eyes lit up, and he quickly went up to the man in the white shirt. That was Vlad Grant, the brother of General Lionheart, Tyler Grant!
Tyler was the most important figure in the entire Grant family. And because Lou was backed up by Vlad, business went well for him.
“You mentioned in the call that someone is making a scene here at A’roma. What’s going on?” Vlad asked with his cigar still between his lips.
“Vlad, these ruffians are causing trouble here, and they even argued with Ms. Nicholson. I tried to get them to leave, but they simply refused.
“They even got a bunch of their men here to wreck the place! They’re really too much!” Lou complained.
“Oh? Well, did you tell them that I’m the one backing you up?” Vlad raised his brow.
“I did! But they completely ignored it and even threatened to teach you a lesson!” Lou explained. “Damn it! Who the hell are they to ignore me? Lead me to them!”
Vlad threw the cigar to the ground, fuming. Never had anyone dared to challenge him in Millsburg all these years.
“Vlad, it’s them!” Lou went forward and pointed at Dustin, who was in the private room. Vlad looked over, and his eyes lit up. “Oh? Such a pretty chick!”
###Chapter 1161 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1161
“Pretty chick?” Lou was dumbfounded by what Vlad said.
Dustin had the looks, but no matter how Lou looked at him, he could tell he was a man. So what did Vlad mean by calling him a pretty chick?
Could Vlad possibly be differently inclined? Lou shuddered at the thought. “Alright, alright! Who’d have guessed that I’d luck out today? There are two such pretty chicks here!”
Vlad rubbed his chin with a lecherous look in his eyes. His gaze traveled between Natasha and Scarlet. One was exquisitely charming, while the other was cold and alluring.
They both had looks to die for but with vastly different airs. As they sat quietly, they looked like pieces of art waiting for him to appreciate, caress, and enjoy.
Compared to these two stunning beauties, the models and actresses he had been with were plain. They did not even hold a candle to these two.
It was a rare enough occurrence to meet someone of their beauty, but to meet two of them at once! It was definitely a stroke of good luck for him! He decided that no matter what, he would have his way with both of them today!
“Do you have your eyes on the two ladies, Vlad?” Lou quickly understood what Vlad meant when he looked over.
“Well, who else?” Vlad snapped back impatiently. Then, straightening out his necktie, he put on a smile that he thought was charming and strode over with his head held high.
“Ladies, I believe I haven’t got your names yet.”
“I go by Rhys. Is there anything you need?” Dustin stood up and blocked Vlad’s dirty line of sight from them. “The fuck has anything got to do with you? Did I even ask about you?” Vlad shot him a glare.
“Where did you come from, you bastard? How dare you block me? Do you know who I am? Do you know who my brother is?”
Damn it! He was just having a good time feasting his eyes on the hot girls! Where did this man come from? What a turn-off!
“I don’t care who you are, nor do I care who your brother is. You best stash your perverted thoughts away, or don’t blame me if I do,” Dustin warned flatly.
“Hey! Who the fuck are you? How dare you speak to me that way?” Vlad took off his sunglasses, showing off a pair of crossed eyes.
“Vlad, he’s the one that I was telling you about! He’s the one causing a scene here at A’roma!” Lou whispered to Vlad.
“Oh, so it’s you?” Vlad looked Dustin up and down before he continued arrogantly, “Hey, rascal, do you know who I am? I’m Vlad Grant, the second son of the Grant family!
“No one has ever dared to disrespect me around here. If you don’t wish to end up in pieces, you better get on your knees and beg for forgiveness.
“Then, send your women to my bed. I might just let you go if you do that.” “So what if you’re the second son of the Grants? Do you think you’re all that?
“I have no fear even for your brother, Tyler! Do you think you’d be able to scare me?” Dustin looked at him impassively.
“My, you look pretty young, but you speak like you’re the boss around here!”
Vlad shot him a murderous glare. “Say, where did you get the guts to speak to me like that? Just so you know, you’re treading on dangerous waters!”
The Grant family was the leader of the Tremendous Three. Apart from the Murrays and the Hills, they nearly overpowered everyone else.
Vlad knew all of the sons of the Murrays and Hills, and Dustin was obviously not one of them. Simply put, the rascal in front of him had no substantial background that Vlad should be afraid of.
As long as he wasn’t one of the other two powerful families, Vlad could easily assert his influence over him without any qualms or considerations.
“Vlad, don’t waste your time on the rascal. Just beat him up and teach him a good lesson!” Lou egged him on from the side.
“Yes, Vlad! The brat doesn’t know his place. He’s completely disregarding you and deserves to be put in his place! Sue echoed.
###Chapter 1162 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1162
“Hey, rascal, I’m giving you another chance. Get on your knees and beg. Also, give those two exquisite beauties behind you to me, or I’ll make sure you die a terrible death!” Vlad threatened venomously.
He was just a man who mooched off the women around him! How could he deserve the two bombshells? Only the powerful and prestigious like him deserved them!
“And I’m also giving you your last chance. Get lost, or I’ll break your legs!
“Dustin warned.
“You’ve got a fucking death wish!”
Vlad was all riled up and threw a punch straight at Dustin. As a son of the Grants, he could be incompetent in many aspects, but he had been forced into practicing martial arts at a young age. And for no other reason than to show off and impress girls.
“You overestimate yourself.” Dustin scoffed. With a raise of his hand, he slapped Vlad and knocked him to the ground. For a moment, Vlad lost all sense of direction and could not even get back up.
“What?” Everyone was stunned by what they saw. None of them had expected Dustin to get violent with Vlad.
He was the second son of the Grants! General Lionheart, Tyler Grant’s brother! The most elite of the aristocrats in Millsburg!
Was he really not afraid to slap such a person? “You… You fucking hit me?” Vlad scrambled to his feet. He reached to touch his nose, only to find his hand covered in blood. For a moment, his expression was twisted.
“You vile bastard! You’re dead meat! I’ll skin you alive and chop you up into pieces! And not just you! Your two women, too! I’ll make them my playthings! They will be my bitches!”
With a loud bang, Dustin delivered a hard kick to Vlad’s stomach. Vlad shrieked and threw up blood. He was sent flying before slamming heavily into the wall. He moaned in agony.
“What are you all waiting for? Go kill that son-of-a-bitch!” Vlad’s expression was twisted in fury as he roared. Then, he coughed up more blood.
“Damn it! How dare you attack Mr. Grant? Do you have a death wish?”
“Kill him, boys!”
A moment later, the Grant guards pulled out knives as they charged at Dustin. “You want a fight? A fight you will get!”
Without another word, the disciples of Kirin Gang went forward to face them head-on. Soon, both parties were entangled in a bloodbath.
Though the Grant guards were much better than the A’roma guards, they were still no match for the Shadow Gang, who were elites within the Kirin Gang.
It didn’t take long for them to all be defeated. “Why the fuck are you still idling, Ray? My men can’t hold up any longer! Why aren’t you getting in there yet?”
Vlad was livid as he yelled at the well- built man who was dressed in black. “Patience, Vlad. We always save the best for last. Now, see how I’ll turn the tables!”
The man in black grinned at Vlad before jumping in to join the fight. He went all out without holding back.
His attacks were swift as lightning and extremely powerful. He was almost unstoppable. Even the Shadow Gang found it difficult to hold up against him. With Ray joining in the fight, he started to turn the tide.
###Chapter 1163 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1163
With Ray leading them, the Grant guards began gaining the upper hand. The disciples of the Kirin Gang had no choice but to back up.
Ray’s abilities were exceptional. Even the divine-level martial artists of Shadow Gang were no match for him. He was like a tank, constantly pushing forward and utterly unstoppable.
“Yes! That’s what I’m talking about! Get them, and get them good!” Vlad roared excitedly when he saw the disciples of Kirin Gang slowly getting defeated.
It was fortunate for him that he had Ray with him today. He would have lost sorely otherwise. “Who’s that, Lou? He’s amazing!” Sue could not help asking Lou in a whisper..
“He’s Ray Reeds. He just got back from Oakvale. His powers are unbelievable. “I heard that he’s an elite disciple of the Celestial Alliance!” Lou told her with a look of admiration on his face.
“Celestial Alliance? You mean the strongest guild in the whole of Oakvale? Sue’s eyes widened. There were three major powers in Dragonmarsh, namely the Celestial Alliance, the Mystic Arts Order, and the Sword Union.
Each of them was an overlord of the underworld. They had the authority to communicate with national authorities. They had a certain level of privilege in that sense.
“That’s the one!” Lou nodded. “Just so you know, Ray’s not only a disciple of the Celestial Alliance. He is also the nephew of Ronald Reeds, the leader of the Balerno martial arts alliance! He has even been personally trained by Sir Reeds!”
“What? He’s Sir Reeds’ nephew?” Sue was astonished. Though she wasn’t part of the martial world, she had heard of Ronald Reeds’ name before.
The leader of the Balerno martial arts alliance was also the head of the five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno. He was the most formidable figure in the whole of Balerno!
No wonder Ray was so powerful! It was because he had been personally trained by such a person!
“From the look of things, Dustin’s going to end up terribly today!” Julie laughed as she gloated with a mean smile on her face.
“Hah! Even if he dies, he deserves it! How dare a man who mooches off women speak so arrogantly! He brought it upon himself!” Florence remarked as she watched on.
“That’s right! He will pay a hefty price for hitting a Grant!” Victoria looked on coldly. Dahlia kept quiet as she watched from the sidelines. For some reason, she felt anxious, knowing that Dustin might be in danger. That was odd.
“Kill them! Kill them all!” Vlad laughed maniacally as he watched Ray defeat the opposite party. Not only was he going to chop Dustin up into pieces, but he was also going to have his way with those two ladies with him.
“I guess it’s my turn now!” Seeing how the disciples of Kirin Gang were unable to hold up against Ray, Cornelius got ready to join the fight.
With a light tap of his feet, he launched himself into the air. He then sent a palm strike to Ray, who was still engaged in the fight.
“You’re seeking death!” Ray quickly noticed his attack and spun around. He swiftly delivered a punch toward Cornelius.
They both collided with a loud bang, resulting in a massive explosion of true energy. Everyone within a radius of five yards was sent flying, clearing out the space around them. Cornelius did a backflip and landed on his feet after the collision.
Ray, however, stumbled backward several steps. His steps were so heavy that he cracked the floor on the second floor, leaving behind several footprints.
“Pretty decent, lad.” Cornelius raised a brow in surprise.
###Chapter 1164 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1164
Ray Reeds looked like he was in his early 30s, but he was already a fully developed divine-level martial artist. It could be said that his innate ability was one of the best among the younger generation in Balerno and even Oakvale.
“You’re not bad, old man. Ray moved his slightly numb arm. He smirked, “In the whole of Balerno, not many can still stand after taking a punch from me.”
“You’re quite good yourself, kid. Too bad you’re still too inexperienced.”Cornelius shook his head and said, “If you leave now, you can save yourself some pain. If not, I won’t be holding back.”
Ray laughed. “Old man, you really think you could defeat me?”
He turned his head sideways, tightened his fists, and sneered, “That was just a warm-up. If I actually put in effort, I can defeat you any minute.”
“Hmph! Cocky!” Cornelius’ face darkened. “You’re punching above your weight. Let me teach you a real lesson today!”
As he spoke, he jumped and shot out like an arrow. He shouted as his fist landed on Ray’s chest. “Fire Punch!”
Ray didn’t escape. Instead, he let out an angry cry and swung his fist out. When they were at an arm’s length from each other, a white smoky substance suddenly sprayed out from Ray’s sleeve.
Cornelius’ pupil constricted, and he instinctively closed his eyes to protect himself. However, it was too late. The white substance was sprayed all over his face. He staggered backward. He felt dizzy and weak all over.
He initially thought the white substance could be ash, so he closed his eyes to protect himself. He didn’t know that it was actually a tranquilizer. It was such a strong tranquilizer that not even his true energy could resist. “Here I come!”
Ray took advantage of the circumstance and punched Cornelius in his stomach. Cornelius was punched so hard that he was thrown off his balance and wobbled backward. He was bleeding from his nose and mouth, and he could feel his true energy seeping away.
“You … You’re really despicable! ”
Cornelius wiped away the trickle of blood from the corner of his mouth. He was gasping for breath, and his forehead was drenched in sweat. “All is fair in love and war. What’s wrong if I have a trick or two up my sleeves so I can win?”
Ray let out a wild laugh, “For all the years that you have lived, don’t you know that the martial world is a dangerous place, and there’s no one you can trust? Serves you right!”
He knew he couldn’t win in a direct confrontation, so he used the Tranqurin that he treasured. Anyone below the rank of a grandmaster would feel weak the moment they came into contact with it.
“You bastard! I can’t believe you’re from a good guild. Aren’t you ashamed of yourself for using tricks?” Cornelius yelled angrily.
“Ashamed? The winner takes all. You’ve lost. Now, admit defeat! Stop yapping. You die now!” Ray snorted and rushed forward with his fist raised, ready to punch Cornelius.
The punch would be deadly. Before the punch even landed, one could already feel its pressure. Cornelius could feel goosebumps rising all over his body, and his face was contorted into a horrified expression.
When he couldn’t summon his true energy, there was no way he could survive this punch. At the very last moment, a silver needle flew out of nowhere and struck Ray’s fist.
“Huh?” Ray trembled and retrieved his punch quickly. It was as if he was electrocuted. He looked up and saw Dustin’s cold eyes. He shouted, “Hey, you! How dare you stop me?”
“You used Tranqurin, you’ve already won the battle. Why did you have to kill him, too? I don’t think that’s fair.” Dustin replied calmly.
“Hmph! I kill whoever I please! It’s none of your business! If you insist on making it difficult, I’ll kill you too!” Ray threatened loudly.
“Kill me? You’re not good enough yet.”
Dustin said with a grim expression, ” And don’t say I didn’t warn you. If you act foolishly, I will beat you to death. I mean it.”
###Chapter 1165 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1165
“Beat me to death?” Ray was stunned at first to hear that.. He then started laughing as if he had heard the funniest joke. The onlookers looked on with ridicule in their eyes. They looked at him as if he was an idiot.
“Is that guy crazy? How dare he talk to Ray like that? Is he not afraid of dying? “Sue was shocked.
“Hmph! You fool. You challenged Ray openly. You must be courting death!” Lou smirked. Who was Ray Reeds? He was an elite Celestial Alliance fighter and Sir Reeds’s favorite. For someone as good as him, it’d be easy for him to crush a newcomer.
“Ray could take on a hundred opponents alone and still keep the situation under control. Who could stop someone like him?
“Dustin is such an idiot. Instead of running away, he’s decided to court death!” Rosaline shook her head as she looked on with no emotion.
“Hmph! He’s arrogant just because he knows some moves. If you asked me, I think he’d be better off dead!” Florence said smugly, crossing her arms.
“That young man has no idea who he’s up against. He’ll find out when he’s a cripple later.” Victoria taunted. Everyone saw what happened when Ray was fighting with all his might earlier. Dustin must be courting death right now if he continued to challenge him.
“Ray! He just dissed you! Kill him now!”
Hiding behind the crowd, Vlad Grant shouted with a deadly gaze. He was still coughing up blood after suffering a kick from Dustin. As such, he was feeling vengeful.
“Hey, you! Do you know what you just said?”
Ray’s expression suddenly turned cold after he stopped laughing. “I’m Celestial Alliance’s best fighter. The sky’s my limit. Even that old man couldn’t defeat me. Who do you think you are?”
“I’m a nobody. But it’s easy for me to kill you,” Dustin replied calmly.
“Kill me?” Ray laughed. “You’re not afraid of dying, are you?” He narrowed his eyes. “If you don’t believe me, feel free to give it a try.” Dustin beckoned him forward.
“Alright! If you really want to die, I’ll gladly help you out!” Ray was a little annoyed. He jumped and charged toward Dustin like a roaring lion. He opened up his fists to their limits and slammed them down on Dustin’s chest like two sledgehammers.
The punch was so forceful that it tore through the air and created waves of sonic boom. It was strong enough to crush a small car.
“Hmph! I don’t think he can survive that!” Vlad smirked as he looked on with a bloodthirsty gaze. “He used his killer tactic right away. I think Ray was furious. That guy is dead for sure!” Lou and Sue sneered.
“Serves s you right! That’s for being cocky!” Florence and the people around her looked on coldly, their gazes mocking. Trapped in between two fists with the force of sledgehammers, Dustin showed no fear.
Instead of moving away, he stepped forward quickly and successfully avoided the punch. He suddenly lifted his knee and drove it straight into Ray’s torso.
“Ufff!” Before he could defend himself, Ray was forced to bend forward, his face flushed. He was thrown into the air and lost his balance. After the first kick, Rhys lifted his leg above his head and swung it down like an ax on Ray’s shoulder.
Ray, suspended in midair, was abruptly slammed down to the ground. He landed so hard on his knees that the ground cracked. His knees were bloodied and broken. He was crippled.
“You-” Before Ray could continue speaking, he spat blood. He was completely drained and severely injured. “Huh?” Everyone was at a loss for words at the sight.
It all happened too quickly, just like lightning. Before they could understand what was going on, Ray was already kneeling on the ground, defeated. It startled them.
“What… What happened? Ray lost?” Vlad widened his eyes in disbelief. He understood Ray’s capability very well. He was Celestial Alliance’s elite fighter and Ronald Reeds’s nephew. He had always ranked top among the younger generation in terms of potential and skills.
Under normal circumstances, Ray should have finished Dustin off easily. How could he have been defeated?
###Chapter 1166 by Marina Vittori
“Damn! Is that little boy toy that amazing? Even Ray Reeds lost to him?” Lou was shocked. “Am I seeing things? Ray’s from the Celestial Alliance? I can’t believe he lost to a nobody.” Sue was a little confused.
“What a loser! He looks strong, but I didn’t know he’s actually this weak.’ Florence frowned and appeared upset.
“Do you think Dustin used any tricks on him?” Rosaline and Victoria looked at each other with a suspicious gaze.
Ray was invincible just a few moments ago. They assumed that Dustin would lose for sure. No one had expected this ending. Was Dustin really that good? Or was Ray just all show and no substance?
“So, what’s it going to be? Are you willing to admit defeat or not?” With one foot on Ray’s shoulder, Dustin asked arrogantly.
“Who… Who are you really?” Ray gritted his teeth and struggled to get up. As he tried, he realized that Dustin’s leg was as heavy as lead. He was pinned to the ground on his knees, no matter how much he struggled.
“You don’t need to know who I am. I just want to know if you are willing to admit defeat?” Dustin applied pressure slowly on the foot that was on Ray’s shoulder. The ground below Ray’s knees could be heard cracking into smaller pieces. His bloodied knees worsened considerably.
“I’ll never admit defeat!” Ray shouted, “Do you know who I am, kid? If you hurt me, I’ll make sure that nowhere is safe for you.”
“Oh? Really?” Dustin sneered and suddenly applied more pressure on his foot. Ray sank deeper into the ground. He couldn’t even lift his head. He sweated profusely and found it hard to breathe as he started coughing up blood.
“Stop!” Lou suddenly shouted. “Hey, you! I’m warning you. Let Ray go, or you’ll be in deep trouble!”
“That’s right! Ray is part of the Celestial Alliance. If you dare to act foolishly, you’ll definitely be Celestial Alliance’s enemy!” Sue yelled.
“Celestial Alliance?” Dustin raised his eyebrows slightly upon hearing that and relaxed his foot a little. At that very moment, Ray felt like he had been saved as he breathed heavily.
“Hmph! I see that you finally know your place.” Lou sighed in relief when he thought that Dustin was afraid of the Celestial Alliance.
Ray, who was kneeling on the floor, suddenly started smirking. “Hey, kid! Aren’t you a hero? Aren’t you very arrogant? Why did you hesitate when you heard Celestial Alliance’s name?”
As he spoke, he stood up with wobbly knees. He then started jabbing Dustin’s chest with his finger. “Come on… Didn’t you want to fight me? Why don’t you try again? I’ll let you go first if you dare!”
“You should be thankful that I let you live. Don’t even try to challenge me.” Dustin warned him coldly. The Celestial Alliance might be mighty, but he didn’t have to fear it.
“So what if I enjoy challenging you? I don’t think you’d want the Celestial Alliance as your enemy!” Ray continued jabbing Dustin’s chest with his finger.
He berated, “Let me tell you, I’m from the Celestial Alliance. I’m also the nephew of Ronald Reeds, the leader of the martial world. I have the power, the status, the background, and the support. You’ll never defeat me.
“Listen to me now. You’d better break both your arms and get on all fours to apologize to me! If not, I’ll kill you, your family, your friends, and your woman. I’ll bury all of them with you!”
“Did you hear him? Get on your knees and apologize!” Vlad yelled.
“Hmph! So what if he’s a good fighter? He doesn’t have any support or power. In the end, he’d still be bullied.”
“That’s true. With the support of Sir Reeds and Celestial Alliance, this guy wouldn’t dare do anything else even if he is very courageous.”
“If he doesn’t get on his knees, he’d die. If he does, he might survive. Let’s see what he’ll choose.” The crowd whispered to each other as they looked at Dustin with a mocking gaze.
It didn’t matter how skilled a person was. He’d just be a martial artist. In front of people with power and money, they’d still have to give in to them. This was the reality, a gap that couldn’t be filled. A nobody should know where they stood.
“What did you say earlier? You’re Ronald Reeds’s nephew?” Dustin’s expression slowly darkened. “That’s right! Ronald Reed is my uncle! How’s that? Are you scared now? If you are, get on all fours now-”
Before Ray could finish, Dustin suddenly grabbed his neck and lifted him off the floor. He said coldly, “Since you’re related to Ronald Reed, you die today!”
As soon as he finished the sentence, Dustin snapped Ray’s neck.
###Chapter 1167 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1167
“Uh…” Ray’s eyes widened in disbelief. He’d never thought that Dustin would actually kill him. If he had known it earlier, he wouldn’t have been this arrogant.
However, he regretted it too late. As life seeped out of him, his pupils dilated slowly, and his consciousness gradually faded. Dustin lifted his hand and threw Ray’s corpse away like a rag doll.
Ray’s corpse fell to the floor after hitting the wall heavily and kicking up a large dust cloud. Everyone at the scene was dead silent.
They were stunned, and their eyes widened in disbelief. Nobody thought that Dustin would actually dare to kill Ray after he had announced his identity.
It was known that Ray was part of the Celestial Alliance and the nephew of Ronald Reeds! Where did this guy find the guts to do it?
“Dead… Dead? That guy actually killed Ray Reeds?” Vlad was shocked and found it hard to believe. Vlad and Ray shared similar social status, and Ray could have had a better future than him. This nameless guy had the guts to kill Ray Reeds! Was he not afraid of death?
“This is crazy! That kid is completely crazy!”
“He dared to kill Ray Reeds? The audacity!”
“This guy managed to upset the Celestial Alliance and Sir Reeds all at once! From now on, he’ll have to be constantly on the run wherever he is!”
After a short moment of silence, the crowd suddenly erupted noisily. Everyone looked at Dustin as if he had gone crazy. If he wasn’t crazy, why would he kill Ray in public? Why would he upset the Celestial Alliance and Ronald Reeds?
“Dustin Rhys might have acted too rashly. He wasted no time in killing him!” Rosaline was very shocked. “This guy is crazy! It’s a good thing that he doesn’t get to live very long. He’ll be in big trouble very soon.” Florence smirked.
She didn’t care about the death of Ray Reeds. However, by killing Ray, Dustin was digging his own grave. She couldn’t wait to see what would happen. She hated Dustin mainly because she didn’t like him being around her daughter.
With her daughter’s current social status, she could potentially marry into royalty. At the very least, she’d marry a high-ranking official or noble. But never a martial artist.
She was afraid that her daughter’s memory would recover, and she would do the silly things she did before. As such, Dustin’s death would be the best outcome for her..
“What’s that guy doing?” Dahlia frowned, and she felt a little irritated. Instead of being upset about Ray’s death, she was upset that Dustin had killed someone and got himself into trouble.
He knew that Ray was no ordinary person, and he still did as he pleased. Wasn’t that just reckless? “He brought it upon himself!” Cornelius shook his head.
It would have been better if Ronald Reeds wasn’t mentioned. It was as if someone poured petrol on fire when his name was mentioned. Ray would have only suffered some physical pain if he wasn’t so arrogant. He died because he did the exact opposite.
“Shut A’roma down! Throw everyone related to the Grant family out! Kill those who resist!” Dustin ordered coldly, and he looked ready to kill.
Ronald was a traitor, and he killed Paul Hill. He betrayed and assassinated Michael Robinson. He even stole the Celestial Pearl and drove Abigail Robinson off the edge.
He had done many hateful and despicable things, enough to anger those who knew about it! Dustin found Ray’s arrogance difficult to stomach. As such, he decided to kill him as revenge!
“Did you hear Sir Rhys? Maim and throw them out!” Cornelius shouted, ” Cripple them!”
###Chapter 1168 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1168
Kirin Gang wasted no time and sprang right into action as they cleaned up the mess. Without Ray as their leader, the Grant family fighters were nothing against the Kirin Gang. They were all defeated quickly.
“Bastard! You’re dead meat! You killed Ray Reeds, and now you attacked the Grant family! From now on, you’re the public enemy of two families!
“There will be no safe place for you in Balerno!” Vlad shrieked with a horrified look. He was obviously a little flustered.
“Hmm?” Dustin glanced over and looked at Vlad as he walked slowly to him. “I almost forgot about you. What did you say earlier?”
“Don’t… don’t come near me!” Vlad panicked when he saw Dustin approaching. He yelled out meekly, “Let me warn you, my brother is General Lionheart, Tyler Grant. I have the backing of the whole Grant family. If you touch me, death will be your only way out!”
“Is that so?” Dustin snorted coldly as he suddenly reached out and held Vlad’s head before forcefully smashing it against the wall.
He hit the wall so hard that it left a small dent. Vlad’s mind went blank, and he was dizzy as blood trickled down the back of his head.
“I won’t kill you today. Go back and tell your brother, Tyler Grant, that he should stop playing tricks. If he insists on targeting the Harmon family, I will destroy the Grant family! Now, get lost!
Dustin lifted his hand, which was holding Vlad’s head, and flung him out. Vlad flew out like a ball and landed a few yards away outside A’roma. He crashed through a window before landing with a loud thud, and he howled in pain.
Lou and Sue were shocked to see what happened. They didn’t dare word and left A’roma hastily. say another
“Quick! We need to send Vlad to the hospital quickly!” Lou and Sue didn’t forget Vlad, who was seriously injured when they left. They immediately helped Vlad into the car and went straight to the hospital.
“Dustin Rhys, do you know you’re in deep trouble?” Dahlia suddenly spoke. She added, “You killed Ray Reeds and upset the martial arts alliance. You also challenged the Grant family. Are you really not afraid of death?”
“The feud already started the moment both parties got into a disagreement. Even if I didn’t kill Ray Reeds or teach Vlad Grant a lesson, they’d still come for me.” Dustin explained calmly.
Then, he continued, “If that’s the case, I might as well teach them a lesson they’d never forget. I want them to fear me, I want them to regret, I want them to steer clear of me.”
“That’s very na?ve of you. Your actions will only worsen the misunderstanding and put you in danger.” Dahlia furrowed her brow slightly.
“I’ve already done it. There’s no use talking about it now. I’ve got nothing to lose. If they really want revenge, I wouldn’t mind if we all die together,” Dustin said indifferently.
“You-” Dahlia was a little annoyed. This man was very stubborn. He had no idea how serious the consequences would be. Even if he planned on dying together, he must have the ability to achieve that.
He only knew how to fight, and his connections were limited to a few thugs. With his current ability, how would he wage war with the martial arts alliance? How could he challenge the Grant family? Wasn’t this just like a moth flying to the flame?
“Dustin, some things are not as simple as they appear. If you don’t want to die, see me at the Nicolson Corp. tomorrow. I can save you,” Dahlia said sternly.
“Thanks for your offer, Ms. Nicholson, but it’s fine. I don’t like owing favors.” Dustin refused right away. He then turned to look at Natasha and Scarlet, “Come on, let’s else,” go somewhere “Alright.” Scarlet nodded obediently.
“We’ll be leaving now.” Natasha smiled and waved her hand. She turned around and held Dustin’s arm as they walked away. Dahlia was annoyed to see them quite friendly with each other.
“Dahlia dear, why do you care about that guy? Aren’t you just creating more problems for yourself?” Florence asked suspiciously.
“That’s right, Dahlia. He’s a stranger you barely knew. Why are you helping him?” Julie gave her a curious look.
“I have no idea. I feel like I owe him something.” Dahlia appeared lost in thought.
Florence and the others were shocked to hear that. They had put in too much time and effort to keep her in the dark about this. It’d be troublesome if Dahlia remembered something.
This must not be! They must stop Dahlia and Dustin from interacting with each other. If not, they’d have problems in the future!
###Chapter 1169 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1169
Night had fallen at the Balerno martial arts alliance headquarters. A group of alliance leaders gathered around Ray’s lifeless body. They gestured and murmured among themselves.
When Ray’s body was brought back an hour ago, it caused a great commotion in the alliance. Not only was he a disciple of the Celestial Alliance, but he was also Ronald’s nephew.
Ray was the brightest star in the alliance. He was known for his extraordinary talent and potential. Many believed that in a few years, he would succeed Ronald as the leader of the martial arts alliance. But Ray’s sudden and mysterious death had shocked the entire alliance.
“Ray? Where is my son?”
At that moment, a burly, disheveled middle-aged man rushed in. The crowd moved aside as he pushed through them. Those who were slow were knocked over by him.
The man was Quincey Reeds, Ray’s father. He rushed toward his son’s lifeless body and lifted the white cloth that covered him. Shock filled him as he looked at his dead son.
“Ray!” Quincey cried out after recovering from his shock. He threw himself on Ray’s body and sobbed uncontrollably.
He had worked so hard to raise such an excellent man. But he could not understand why Ray had to die before he could accomplish a great feat. In the midst of his grief, Quincey looked up grimly. He asked, “Who killed my son?”
A staff reported, “According to the alliance’s investigation, Dustin Rhys killed Ray.”
“Dustin Rhys?” Quincey gritted his teeth in anger. “Bring me that bastard named Dustin. I’ll have my own revenge!”
“Wait!” The staff panicked. Then, he quickly advised, “Mr. Reeds, please, calm down. Dustin has a formidable background. You mustn’t act rashly.”
“I don’t care about his background. He killed my son, so he must pay!” Quincey grabbed the staff by the collar. “If you dare to stop me, I’ll deal with you too!”
“Mr. Reeds, please listen to me. I’m not trying to stop you. It’s just that Dustin is so strong. Ordinary martial artists can’t handle him.” The staff’s face turned pale.
Quincey was no ordinary man. He was Ronald’s brother and an elder in the alliance, so the staff dared not offend him.
“Ordinary martial artists can’t handle this guy? Then, let’s get the team from the Enforcement Hall!” Quincey exclaimed.
“Even the enforcement team couldn’t stop Dustin. He’s a young grandmaster who once defeated Augustus. I think only Sir Reeds can subdue him,” the staff quickly explained.
“A young grandmaster?” Quincey was shocked to hear that, and his fiery anger slowly subsided. He didn’t know who Dustin was. Still, he had heard of the title “young grandmaster” before.
Dustin was the martial arts genius who had won the Knighthood Tournament. He even defeated Augustus and was a household name in Balerno.
Apart from the five ultimate grandmasters, no one could match the young grandmaster. The staff’s admonition had kept Quincey from acting recklessly.
###Chapter 1170 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1170
“That bastard took my son’s life! He completely looked down on the martial arts alliance.” Quincey’s face darkened.
Then, he said, “Inform Ronald at once. Tell him to avenge my son.” The staff replied hesitantly, “Sir Reeds is in seclusion. He has given strict instructions not to be disturbed.”
Quincey became even more agitated. ” Seclusion is not important right now. His nephew has been murdered. Is he just going to ignore that?”
“Um…” The staff was still hesitant to deliver the message. “You wimp! I’ll go to him myself!” Quincey shoved the staff aside and stormed out. As he reached the door, an alliance member rushed in. He accidentally Gollided with Quincey and fell to the ground.
“Idiot! Are you blind? Do you want me to hit you?” Quincey roared in frustration. The alliance member quickly lowered himself and said, “I’m sorry, Mr. Reeds. I didn’t see you.”
“Damn it! Watch where you’re going next time!”
Quincey was about to walk away when he noticed the alliance member was holding an envelope. He asked, What’s that in your hand?”
“It’s … a challenge letter,” the alliance member stammered. He handed the envelope to Quincey. He added, “The leader of the Kirin gang, Dustin, had this letter delivered. He plans to publicly challenge Mr. Ronald tomorrow at the alliance headquarters.”
“What, challenge our leader?”
Everyone shuddered at the news. No one dared to challenge Ronald. After all, he was the leader of the martial arts alliance. Ronald was among the top five grandmasters and Balerno’s strongest martial artist.
Who could be so reckless and bold as to challenge him? Such challenges weren’t just about victory or defeat; they were a matter of life and death.
Even if there were daredevils unafraid of death, they should reconsider their abilities. “Dustin is incredibly daring. He must be crazy to challenge our leader!”
“He’s a fool! He has no idea of his capabilities!” “The youth these days often overestimate themselves. Challenging ?ir Reeds is a death wish!”
The crowd seethed with anger, discussing Dustin’s challenge to Ronald. Ronald symbolized the honor of the martial arts alliance. So, Dustin’s open challenge was a direct insult to the entire alliance, and it infuriated them.
Quincey’s lips curled into a wicked smile as he looked at the challenge letter.
“Dustin, oh Dustin. You’re walking right into the lion’s den. How bold of you to challenge the leader of the alliance. You’re just asking for trouble!”
He realized he didn’t have to take matters into his own hands. After all, Dustin seemed to be marching straight to his death. Who could be so foolish as to challenge the strongest martial artist in Balerno?
“Hey, come here! Take this letter to Ronald’s chamber.” Quincey handed the envelope to the staff. “Make sure he reads it!”
The staff hesitated before reluctantly accepting it. “This…”
Quincey scoffed, “Coward!”
He was annoyed and kicked the staff. Then, he stormed into the martial arts alliance’s chamber.
###Chapter 1171 by Marina Vittori
Inside the meeting room of Zephyr Lodge, Dustin poured tea into two cups. He handed one to Cornelius. After taking a sip from the other cup, he broke the silence. “Did you deliver the challenge letter?'”
“Yes,” Cornelius said with a nod.
“Did the alliance respond?” Dustin asked. Cornelius replied, “As far as I know, Ronald is still in seclusion. But, the alliance members are furious after receiving the letter. I believe Ronald would read it.”
“Good, that’s exactly what I wanted.” Dustin smiled faintly. Ray’s death would undoubtedly create chaos within the martial arts alliance. So, Dustin took the opportunity to make another bold move. After all, a confrontation with Ronald was bound to happen.
“Sir Rhys, don’t you think it’s too reckless to challenge Ronald publicly?” Cornelius voiced his concern. He tactfully continued, “Ronald is one of the five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno. His strength is unmatched. Hardly anyone below the grandmaster level can even come close to him. He’s like an immovable mountain.”
There was no doubt that Ronald was the most powerful figure in Balerno. Dustin had amazing abilities and had defeated Augustus. Still, he fell short compared to Ronald.
Maybe in five or ten years, given his talent, Dustin could defeat Ronald. But, right now, it was undoubtedly a reckless move.
Cornelius couldn’t understand why Dustin had made this decision. He wondered why Dustin was in such a hurry. Why couldn’t Dustin hold out for a while longer before making a move? “Are you doubting my ability to defeat Ronald?” Dustin raised his teacup and savored the aroma of the tea.
“Your chances of winning are very low, “Cornelius replied. He remained neutral. Then, he continued, “Sir Rhys, you’re in your twenties, while Ronald is in his fifties. He has almost three decades more cultivation and experience than you. Waiting a few more years might give you a better chance.”
“I can’t wait that long.” Dustin shook his head. He went on, “Ronald has the Celestial Pearl. If I give him more time, he’ll eventually break through the grandmaster level. Then it’ll be even harder to deal with him. Now is the perfect time.”
“That’s true. But your public challenge this time is still pretty risky.” Cornelius was firm.
“Don’t worry about it. I wouldn’t have challenged him if I wasn’t confident.. However it turns out, we’ll find out tomorrow,” Dustin said calmly.
“But-”
Cornelius wanted to say more, but Dustin raised his hand to stop him. ” That’s enough. My mind is made up. Don’t tell Natasha. I don’t want her to worry.”
“Very well.” Cornelius nodded reluctantly. “Now go and get some rest. I need to prepare for tomorrow’s battle,” Dustin said, waving his hand.
“Alright,” Cornelius said. He left soon after.
“Celestial Blade,” Dustin whispered. A streak of black light shot through the darkness. A black, ancient sword suddenly soared into space. It landed right in Dustin’s hand. The sword trembled slightly and made a soft, pleasant humming sound.
“It’s all on you tomorrow, buddy,” Dustin whispered as he gently stroked the sword. Tomorrow’s battle would be a fight to the death. Not only did he want revenge, but he also wanted to destroy the Balerno martial arts alliance.
###Chapter 1172 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1172
The next morning, the martial arts alliance headquarters was filled with people. The news of Dustin challenging Ronald had spread rapidly in the martial arts world.
Many martial artists from different guilds gathered to witness this epic showdown. As a young grandmaster, Dustin was already well-known in the martial arts world of Balerno.
His achievements at the tournament of Knighthood Society, his victory over Augustus, and his remarkable feat in the Black Forest had become legends.
These tales were not only widely known but also greatly admired. Many young martial artists admired Dustin and dreamed of following in his footsteps.
Ronald was the leader of the Balerno martial arts. He was the strongest among the top five grandmasters, a title that instilled fear in many.
A young grandmaster had challenged the leader of the martial arts alliance. The news would naturally attract a large crowd. The alliance headquarters entrance was packed with people from various guilds of Balerno.
The Skycrane, Nephrite Sun, the Soul Reapers, the Combat Priests, Deathly Hurricane, and Starry Arches were among them. Some others from lesser- known guilds were also present.
Some guilds held a grudge against Dustin because of the incidents in the Black Forest. They wanted to see him make a fool of himself.
As the sun rose, the gates finally opened, and the martial artists flooded in. Soon, the arena was filled with people. As for the latecomers, they had to stand on the sidelines.
To maintain order and prevent disruptions, the martial arts alliance set up an enforcement team. A commotion broke out at the entrance gate. The enforcement team had stopped a group of young men and women.
“What’s going on here? Why won’t let us in?” one of them protested. you “The arean is already full. You should head back,” the enforcement team captain replied bluntly.
“Head back? Then, how come they could get in?” A girl with a ponytail asked, looking annoyed. She pointed to the group that had just entered.
“They’re from the Crimson Cloud, a prestigious guild in the Balerno martial world. You aren’t on the same level,” the captain retorted coldly.
“Hey, don’t look down on us! What’s so good about Crimson Cloud anyway? We’re from the Moonlight Reverence, and we’re just as good!” she argued.
“That’s right! Why is Crimson Cloud allowed in, but we’re not? That’s prejudice!” the others chimed in..
“Moonlight Reverence? Never heard of it. I don’t know what obscure guild you belong to, but please go and don’t block the entrance.” The captain became impatient.
The alliance headquarters was a gathering of elite martial artists. Allowing anyone to enter would diminish its reputation.
“You… you’ve gone too far!” the girl with the ponytail shouted, her face red with anger. She had traveled so far just to see the young grandmaster’s skills. Being denied entry was beyond her expectations.
“Hey! Show some respect!”
A young man in green clothing approached them. He said, “I’m Toddy Yarnes, the senior disciple of the Moonlight Reverence. I’m destined to become a grandmaster!
“I warn you, let us in now. Or you’ll regret it when I become famous!”
“A grandmaster?” The captain sneered. He slapped Toddy in the face, causing him to fall to the ground. The captain scoffed, “Fuck! If you can become a grandmaster, then I must be an ultimate grandmaster!”
###Chapter 1173 by Marina Vittori
A loud smack sent Toddy sprawling to the ground. He was stunned and couldn’t get up. “Hey, why did you hit him? Don’t you have any manners?” the girl with the ponytail exclaimed.
She was furious at the enforcement team captain’s unreasonable behavior. She never expected them to resort to violence at the slightest disagreement.
“Manners? We’re the martial arts alliance. We make the rules here!” the captain said arrogantly. He continued, “You second-rate guilds have no right to be here. Now, get lost. I’ll make you regret it if I ever see you again!”
“You’re abusing your power! I’ll report you!” The girl couldn’t suppress her anger.
“Report us?” The captain’s face darkened. “You bitch! You’re asking for trouble!” With those words, he suddenly drew his sword and swung it toward the girl.
She cried out in fright but couldn’t dodge the attack in time. Just as the sharp blade was about to strike her, a large hand grabbed the captain’s arm.
The sword hung in midair, unable to land its strike. The person who intervened was a handsome young man in plain clothes. A gaunt older man accompanied him. “Who are you? How dare you interfere? The captain frowned.
“You don’t just kill for no reason. Are all the members of your martial arts alliance this ruthless?” Dustin asked calmly.
“We have always been like this. Who dares to oppose us?” the captain retorted fiercely. He added, “Brat! Stay out of this, or I won’t spare you!”
“You enjoy flaunting your power, acting like bullies, and oppressing the weak. Because of people like you, the once respected martial arts alliance has turned into a den of corruption.” Dustin shook his head.
“Enough of this nonsense! Get lost, or I’ll kill you!” The enforcement team captain was getting impatient.
“Stubborn fool.”
Dustin pointed his finger at the captain’s chest and tapped him lightly. With a loud bang, the captain was sent flying ten feet away. It was as if he had been hit by a car.
His chest caved in, and blood gushed from his mouth. He convulsed a few times and then lost consciousness.
“Captain!”
The other enforcement team members shuddered and turned their angry gazes on Dustin. “How dare you attack the captain? You must be looking for trouble!”
“Let’s teach him a lesson!”
Several members of the enforcement team drew their weapons.
“Insolence!”
Without waiting for Dustin, Cornelius suddenly stepped forward and waved his palm repeatedly. Then, with just a few moves, Cornelius knocked down all the enforcement team members.
“Well done!”
“These bastards rely on the alliance for support, acting arrogant and ruthless. They had it coming!”
Dustin and Cornelius earned applause from the surrounding martial artists, who had previously been denied entry.
They were relieved to see the enforcement team members get their punishment.
“Thank you for helping us.
###Chapter 1174 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1174
The girl with the ponytail hugged Dustin and Cornelius. “I’m Lyn Rosier, a disciple of the Moonlight Reverence. What’s your name?”
“I’m Rhys, and this is Mr. Adler,” Dustin replied.
“Hello, Mr. Rhys and Mr. Adler,” Lyn responded respectfully.
“Damn it! How dare you hit me?”
Having been slapped earlier, Toddy was still seething with rage. He immediately lunged at the unconscious enforcement team captain. Then, he let loose a barrage of punches and kicks to vent his frustration. The unjust slap had filled Toddy with murderous intent.
“That’s enough, Toddy, stop it. If you keep this up, someone could die.” Lyn quickly intervened when she saw the situation was getting out of hand.
“Hmph! He deserved it. He’s just a bully!” Toddy, still angry, kicked a few more times before finally walking away.
“Mr. Rhys, Mr. Adler, this is Toddy,” Lyn said.
“Nice to meet you.” Dustin nodded with a faint smile.
“Hmph! Who told you to get involved?”
Toddy looked hostile. “Huh?” Dustin was baffled when he heard that. He wondered if Toddy had lost his mind.
“Toddy, what’s wrong with you? Mr. Rhys was just trying to help us,” Lyn explained immediately. “Help us? Do I need their help? Even if they didn’t intervene, I could handle those punks!” Toddy boasted, crossing his arms.
He finally had a chance to shine, but someone had stolen his thunder, so he was unhappy. “If you could handle it, you wouldn’t have let a single slap knock you out,” Cornelius suddenly chimed in.
“You … You know nothing!” Toddy’s face stiffened, and he became agitated. He retorted, “Do you think that bastard could have hurt me if he hadn’t sneaked up on me? Let me tell you the truth. They’d be no match for me in a fair fight, even if they teamed up!”
“That’s right! Toddy is incredibly skilled and powerful. He could easily handle a hundred opponents!” the other Moonlight Reverence disciples agreed.
Toddy was the strongest disciple in the Moonlight Reverence, second only to their mentor. He had once defeated over ten thugs with his bare hands. The locals also viewed him as a hero, which added to his fame.
“Sneak attack? He attacked right in front of you. How can you call that a sneak attack?” Cornelius replied calmly.
He couldn’t accept that someone would have such weak skills and refuse to admit it. Such a person wouldn’t accomplish much.
“I made my point, but the guy suddenly attacked me. Isn’t that a sneak attack? Are you going senile?” Toddy retorted, glaring at Cornelius.
“Huh? I’m going senile?” Cornelius’ face darkened. How dare a talentless thrash who hadn’t even reached the divine level insult him?
“What? If you have a problem, we can settle this with a spar. I’d like to see what you’re made of?” Toddy challenged Cornelius. If he couldn’t even handle an old man like Cornelius, he might as well eat his shoe.
“Yeah! You guys doubted Toddy’s strength, didn’t you? Let’s settle it on the battle ring if you have the guts!” the other Moonlight Reverence disciples goaded Cornelius.
“Sir Rhys, I’m beginning to lose patience.” Cornelius took a deep breath. He showed visible signs of losing his temper. After all, Toddy and the group seemed to underestimate him.
“Heh! Are you afraid to accept the challenge?” Toddy sneered disdainfully. He added, “If you don’t have the guts, don’t act tough in front of me. Otherwise, you’ll only humiliate yourselves. Remember, don’t try to provoke me because you can’t handle the wrath of a future grandmaster!”
###Chapter 1175 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1175
“Alright, Toddy. Please stop this nonsense.” Lyn pleaded when Cornelius’s patience had reached its limit. She continued, “No matter what, Mr. Rhys and Mr. Adler have helped us. Aren’t you being rude to them?”
She knew that if Dustin hadn’t stepped in sooner, she might have died. Now that Toddy was being so rude, it really annoyed her.
“Lyn, these guys are looking down on us. I just want to prove that Moonlight Reverence is just as good and show them what we’re made of!” Toddy asserted.
“That’s not proof, that’s provocation. If you keep acting like this, I’m going to get angry!” Lyn scolded. “Okay, I’m sorry. I won’t act up anymore. Please don’t be mad,” Toddy apologized and tried to appease her.
“Mr. Rhys, Mr. Adler, I’m really sorry for Toddy’s behavior earlier. I hope you can forgive him.” Lyn turned to Dustin and Cornelius to apologize.
“Since you’re a reasonable young lady, I’ll let it pass,” Cornelius finally relented. “Tsk, you’re just putting on a show,” Toddy muttered. He knew he could defeat Cornelius with a few punches and kicks.
“Mr. Rhys, Mr. Adler, shall we go in together?” Lyn gestured an invitation.
“Sure,” Dustin replied. Then, they entered the martial arts alliance. Many martial arts guilds had gathered in the arena. The renowned figures sat in the first rows.
The disciples of Moonlight Reverence eagerly scanned the surroundings. Given their status, they had never seen such a lively martial arts event. Among those presented were the prominent figures who were their role models.
“Hey, isn’t that Brynn Palmer from Deathly Hurricane? I’ve heard he has such sophisticated footwork. His opponents can’t predict his kicks when he attacks. Without a doubt, he’s one of the best young talents in Balerno martial arts!”
“Hey, I also see Xander Thump from the Starry Arches. He can control people’s minds and has other mysterious and unpredictable abilities. He’s pretty scary but strong!”
“Look over there! That’s Jason Crestwind, the number one elite of the Nephrite Sun. He’s only thirty, but he’s already an honored member of the martial arts alliance. His cultivation is second to none. He’s a true martial arts genius!”
The disciples of Moonlight Reverence chatted excitedly. They showcased and admired these renowned martial artists.
“Hmph! What’s so special about them? They just had better resources and started training earlier,” Toddy grumbled. He continued, “If I had their resources, I’d already be a grandmaster with my talent!”
“That’s true! Toddy is just as talented as them!” the others agreed. “Being confident is good, but don’t overdo it. Compared to these prestigious martial guilds, Moonlight Reverence is far behind,” Lyn cautioned.
“Lyn, it seems you doubt my abilities,” Toddy replied defiantly.
He added, “Trust me … In a few years, I can beat Brynn, Xander, Jason, and that famous young grandmaster. I can surpass them, too!”
###Chapter 1176 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1176
At those words, some martial artists looked at Toddy with disdain. They were stunned at the audacity of this newcomer. He claimed to be better than the young grandmaster. The young grandmaster had defeated Augustus and was now challenging Ronald.
Even the most talented leaders of the major guilds would not have the audacity to be so arrogant. They were baffled as to how a nobody like Toddy could muster the courage to boast in such a manner.
“Toddy! Choose your words carefully!” Lyn frowned. She whispered, “The young grandmaster is a once-in-a-century prodigy. He’s in a league of his own, far above the rest of us. How can we even begin to compare?”
Without a pause, she added, “He became a grandmaster in his twenties. Meanwhile, we haven’t even reached the divine level. The difference between us is immeasurable. Even if we practice endlessly, we will never be able to catch up.”
“Hey, Lyn, you are making someone else look good while making yourself look bad. You should know that one day, I, Toddy Yarnes, will reach the rank of grandmaster. Until then, that young grandmaster and I are on the same level,” Toddy declared confidently.
“You’re right! With Toddy’s dedication and hard work, he would soon become a grandmaster,” the Moonlight Reverence disciples chimed in.
“You’re young and ignorant. And yet, you dare to talk about becoming a grandmaster as a lowly martial artist. I really don’t understand where you get your confidence from,” Cornelius suddenly interrupted.
He had trained for decades but was still halfway to becoming a grandmaster. He had never managed to free himself from his limitations.
It puzzled him that someone with no talent and strength spoke as if it were as easy as ABC to reach the level of a grandmaster.
Cornelius smirked when he heard that Toddy even dared to compare himself to Dustin. That was the height of arrogance and ignorance.
“Hmph! What the hell do you know? You’re just an old man with bad eyesight. How could you possibly know my strength?” Toddy retorted arrogantly.
He continued, “I don’t want to brag. Give me three to five years, and I will undoubtedly reach the level of a grandmaster!”
“Three to five years?” Cornelius sneered. He added, “Even if you gave yourself thirty or fifty years, it would still be an impossible feat. You might as well give up on that dream!”
“Hey, old fool! How dare you underestimate me. How about sparring with me?” Toddy glared at Cornelius as if he wanted a fight.
“Toddy, please stop!” Lyn frowned. “It’s not my fault. That old man is provoking me on purpose.” Toddy shrugged.
“Those who were able to join the alliance are talented people. Can you please be a little more humble?” Lyn advised.
“I can’t help it. I have extraordinary talent and strength. Even if I wanted to be humble, I couldn’t.” Toddy shook his head. “Oh? That’s quite impressive. If so, I’d like to learn from you. Who might you be?”
At that moment, a clear female voice suddenly sounded. Everyone turned and saw a group of young men and women dressed impeccably. They gave off an imposing air.
The group was led by a woman in a red dress and white hat. She was armed with a long sword, and her piercing eyes scrutinized the surroundings.
She strode through the crowd, and everyone dispersed instinctively. It was as if they could feel an invisible pressure emanating from her.
“Who are you?” Toddy looked at the woman. After removing her hat, the woman in red cautiously approached him. She said coldly, “Josie Yale, Boulderthorn’s Frostlanders’ chief.”
###Chapter 1177 by Marina Vittori
“What? Josie of the Frostlanders?”
As those words were spoken, the crowd was in an uproar. Boulderthorn was already one of the top major guilds in Balerno. As the chief of the subsidiary guild, Josie was renowned in the martial world.
She stood out among her peers with her unfathomable cultivation skills and outstanding swordsmanship. “I’ve heard that Josie is cold and ruthless. She never hesitates to kill others. Those brats are in trouble now.’
“Serves them right. A disciple from some third-rate guild dares to compare himself to a young grandmaster? He’s really ignorant and arrogant!”
The crowd began to whisper as if they were preparing for a show. In martial arts, strength spoke for itself, and the strongest was in charge.
“So, you’re Josie. I’ve heard so much about you,” Lyn greeted Josie respectfully. At that moment, Lyn tried to defuse the tension.
However, Josie ignored her and glanced at Toddy. She said coldly, “You just claimed to have extraordinary talents and strength, right? Well, show me. Then, she drew her long sword and threw the scabbard at Toddy’s feet.
This action was considered a challenge in the martial arts world. It would be a fair fight if the other person accepted. But if they refused, they would be mocked, and their reputation would take a hit.
“Josie, Toddy was just joking. Please don’t take it seriously.” Lyn quickly interjected. She continued, “Everyone is here today to witness a duel between the two grandmasters. There is no need for hostility. Josie, please let it slide.”
“Hmph! The young grandmaster is my idol. How dare you brag so shamelessly here?” Josie said coldly. She added, “I’ll give you two options. Kneel down and apologize, or accept the challenge, and I’ll break your leg.”
“Josie, don’t be so arrogant.” Toddy couldn’t hold back any longer. He retorted angrily, “You’re only confident because Boulderthorn has your back, right? What’s so special about that? In a one-on-one fight, I wouldn’t lose to you!”
“Toddy, what are you saying?” Lyn became agitated. Josie was the chief of the Frostlanders, a subsidiary guild of Boulderthorn. Her reputation preceded her.
Lyn knew that Toddy hadn’t even reached the threshold of the divine level. So, how would he be able to challenge Josie?
“Lyn, don’t worry. Josie is just some chief. Step aside and watch me defeat her.” Toddy brimmed with confidence.
He thought defeating Josie was his best chance to gain fame and become a prominent martial artist in Balerno.
“Toddy, she’s in a different league. Don’t do it!” Lyn pleaded anxiously. There was a great difference in strength between a lowly martial artist and one at the divine level. This challenge amounted to self- destruction.
“Lyn, although Josie is strong, I’m not inferior to her. If I can’t defeat someone like her, there’s no point in me staying in the martial arts world.” Toddy dismissed her advice.
“Toddy-”
“Stop!” Lyn wanted to say more but was cut off by Toddy.
“Lyn, step aside and watch me. Today, I, Toddy Yarnes, will take the opportunity to make a name for myself in this battle!”
He confidently walked toward Josie as if he would win the battle. “Lyn, don’t worry about it. Toddy wouldn’t enter blindly. He always has a plan.”
“Exactly! He’s made a breakthrough lately. So, dealing with Josie is a piece of cake.”
Several disciples of the Moonlight Reverence had unwavering faith in Toddy. “Not bad. You actually dare to accept my challenge?” Josie shot Toddy a hostile glare.
“Hmph! I’m seven feet tall. Why would I be afraid to accept your challenge?” Toddy said proudly, clasping his hands behind his back.
He continued, “Josie, you wanted to fight me, right? Attack me with everything you’ve got. I want to see what you can do.”
“Alright, I’m not going to hold back. Today, I won’t use my sword. I’ll fight you with my bare hands. If you can withstand my attacks for ten moves, I’ll admit defeat.”
With that, Josie stepped forward and charged ahead at top speed.
###Chapter 1178 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1178
Josie impressed everyone with her agility. “Cloud palm technique!” she shouted. As she got closer, her palm hit Toddy from below. She aimed for his chest and abdomen.
Toddy scoffed, “Just a petty trick.” But before he could fight back, her palm hit his chest.
In an instant, it felt as if he had been hit by a speeding car, and he flew several feet into the air. He spat out a cloud of gruesome mist in the form of blood. With a dull thud, he crashed to the ground and slid several feet before coming to a halt.
“Toddy!”
The Moonlight Reverence disciples were shocked and rushed to his side. They couldn’t believe their senior had been defeated so easily.
A single blow was enough to send Toddy flying. It surprised them, and they began to doubt his supposed strength. Some wondered if Toddy was as weak as he looked.
“He was talking big before the fight. I thought he’d be strong because of his confidence. It turned out to be the opposite.”
“He’s completely useless. He couldn’t even take a single hit but had the gall to challenge Josie? How foolish!”
“Comparing a small guild like this to a major one like Boulderthorn is like comparing apples to oranges. It’s a clear and overwhelming mismatch!”
The crowd mocked the injured Toddy. How could he boast about surpassing a young grandmaster when he couldn’t even handle one blow? He was nothing but a failure.
“Fool!” Josie sneered coldly. She added, “You’re not even worthy of being a martial arts novice. Where do you get the audacity to shamelessly brag here?”
“You-” Toddy coughed up more blood and struggled to stand. “Watch what you say. If you insult the young grandmaster again, I’ll show no mercy!”
Josie patted her sleeve and walked away. As she passed, the crowd instinctively made room for her. Toddy gritted his teeth and pushed the crowd aside. He lunged at Josie. “How dare you insult me? Come here! “Die!” he yelled as he leaped and punched Josie in the back.
“Watch out!” the crowd shouted.
“Huh?”
Josie instinctively turned her head. She was caught off guard by Toddy’s surprise attack. She shuddered from the impact but stood firm.
Meanwhile, Toddy was repeatedly repelled by a wave of divine aura. He lost his balance and fell flat on the ground. At this sight, the crowd burst into laughter. They wondered where this peculiar challenger came from.
Toddy’s sneaky attack not only missed, but it ended in an embarrassing fall to the ground. It was quite a spectacle.
###Chapter 1179 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1179
“If you’re not skilled enough, you shouldn’t even think about trying a surprise attack.” “Being brought down in a single move is embarrassing, and now, you’ve also lost your dignity.”
“If I were you, I’d probably look for a place to hide.”
When Toddy’s surprise attack failed, the crowd erupted in laughter at his expense. Their faces were full of scorn and mockery. Dealing with such public humiliation. was hard for anyone.
“No… this can’t be real.”
Surrounded by ridicule, Toddy began to doubt himself for the first time. He was the strongest senior disciple in Moonlight Reverence. With his exceptional talent and strength, he was destined to become a grandmaster.
Yet, he had suffered a humiliating defeat and injured himself in a failed surprise attack. He wondered if the difference between them was so great or if he really lacked the ability.
“You ungrateful punk! I spared you, and you still had the gall to launch a surprise attack?” Josie’s expression turned icy. “If you want to die, I won’t hold back!”
She unsheathed her sword and lunged at him. The blade cut through the air with a sharp, chilling sound.
“Ah!”
Toddy was stunned. He tried to stand, but his legs were trembling. He was paralyzed with a sense of impending doom.
“No!”
At this crucial moment, Lyn stepped forward. She shielded him with her body. “Are you playing with fire?” Josie sneered as she continued to advance with her sword, the blade closing in on them.
Just as she was about to deliver a fatal blow, a silver needle shot out. It intercepted the sword and flung it aside. The force was so powerful that Josie staggered before regaining her composure.
“Who did this?” Josie’s sharp eyes searched the surrounding area. Those who met her gaze raised their hands and proclaimed their innocence.
Dustin stepped forward and said, “Ms. Yale, I couldn’t care less about the outcome of your duel. But please spare the innocent bystander.”
He didn’t care about Toddy’s fate, but it would be a shame if someone as loyal as Lyn died. “Who are you?” Josie frowned as she scrutinized Dustin. She felt like she had seen his face before but couldn’t pinpoint it.
“It doesn’t matter who I am. I beg you to show mercy and not make matters worse.”
“And if I refuse?” Josie countered. “Then, I’ll have to intervene,” Dustin replied. With a flick of his finger, another silver needle shot out. It happened too fast for anyone to see.
Josie, however, felt a cool breeze against her ear. As she turned, she noticed one of her hair strands falling gently.
“Hmm?” Her eyes widened, and she became even more alert. She had no idea what Dustin did or when it had happened.
No one in the vicinity, including Josie herself, had noticed Dustin’s entire maneuver. In other words, if he had intended to kill her, she might have been dead already. They all felt that Dustin’s hidden weapon was truly frightening.
###Chapter 1180 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1180
When did another skilled young martial artist emerge in the martial world?
“Josie, are you in any trouble?” Suddenly, a man dressed in green approached her. He was accompanied by a group of young martial artists.
The man in green had a commanding air and a piercing gaze. His presence was so powerful that it forced onlookers to avert their eyes.
“Look at their clothes. They seem to be the members of the Soul Reapers?” “You’re right. He’s Lance Alcott, the top disciple of the Soul Reapers.”
“Huh? Lance Alcott? I’ve heard that he’s an outstanding young martial arts master. He has unmatched marksmanship and mysterious strength. He’s considered to be the best martial artist of the younger generation. He even surpassed Josie.”
“If Lance is here, the situation will only get more interesting.” The appearance of Lance caught everyone’s attention. It was worth noting that the Soul Reapers was a prestigious guild like Boulderthorn.
Although they didn’t have as many members, the Soul Reapers had many elite disciples. Especially Lance, the top disciple, was a martial arts genius of his generation.
With his cultivation level, he had inherited the original teachings from the leader of the Soul Reapers. At the age of thirty, he was already a well- known martial artist.
“Hello, Lance,” Josie greeted respectfully. Although she was the chief of Frostlanders, she was inferior to Lance in terms of status, position, and strength.
Given Lance’s expertise, it was more appropriate to associate him with the four main branches of Boulderthorn than with the eight major guilds.
“Josie, I heard you got into some trouble. What happened?” Lance smiled as he asked. He had always been interested in Josie, and the chance to play the hero would make him more attractive.
“It’s nothing, just a little scuffle. Nothing to worry about,” Josie shook her head. As a genius martial artist, she took pride in her skills.
She didn’t want to rely on the strength of others to stand up for herself. “Our guilds have always gotten along well. So, drop the formalities,” Lance said to Josie. He glanced at the surroundings, and his tone became stern. “Who dared to offend Josie? Show yourself!”
“Lance, it’s him!” one of the
Frostlanders’ disciples shouted, pointing at Dustin. “This brat attacked us with a hidden weapon and knocked Josie’s sword away. He’s truly despicable!”
“Quiet!” Josie shot back.
“Oh?” Lance turned his gaze to Dustin and eyed him closely. He said coldly, “You’ve got some nerve to ambush her? I’m going to give you a chance now. Cut off your hands, kneel, and apologize to her.”
His words were firm and commanding.
“Kneel and apologize?” Dustin raised. an eyebrow. “Why should I?”
“Why?” Lance scoffed. “Because I’m the chief senior disciple of the Soul Reapers. I’m stronger than you, and your fate is in my hands. Is that clear?”
“So, you believe that power justifies action?” Dustin retorted.
“Exactly!” Lance replied proudly. “In the martial world, strength reigns supreme. Disciples of smaller guilds like yours should be vigilant outside, as trouble is everywhere.”
“You’re right about that.” Dustin nodded thoughtfully.
He vividly remembered Graham, the leader of the Soul Reapers. In the Black Forest, Theodore, Graham, and Father Orson did everything they could to get their hands on Celestial Pearl.
Although they claimed to be righteous, their actions were truly despicable. It shone a spotlight on human greed and deceit. This reminder infuriated Dustin.
“Kid! Listen carefully!” Lance spoke imperiously, “I don’t care who you are. If you try to hurt Josie, you’ll suffer the consequences.
“Obey my orders now if you want to survive, or don’t blame me for being merciless.”
“So you’re Lance, the chief senior disciple of the Soul Reapers?” Dustin laughed. “Even your leader wouldn’t talk to me like that. Who do you think you are?”
His words caused a commotion in the crowd.
###Chapter 1181 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1181
Seriously! Is this guy crazy? Is that how he talks to Lance?” “The kid is pretty rude, doesn’t he? He doesn’t seem to realize how serious the situation is.”
“Can you believe it? A martial artist from a small guild challenging the chief senior disciple of the Soul Reapers? He’s just looking for trouble!”
Dustin’s words caused a stir in the crowd. The martial artists were pointing and talking, and everyone stared at Dustin as if he were a fool. They wondered if it would be wiser to back down in the face of such a capable fighter as Lance.
Dustin could have shown some respect and used polite words, even if it made him uncomfortable. That would have been safer than provoking Lance when he clearly couldn’t win.
“What’s going through that guy’s mind?”
Josie frowned. She didn’t want to escalate the situation, but Dustin’s words had only made things worse. It wasn’t her problem anymore. But now, the reputation and honor of the Soul Reapers was at stake.
“Mr. Rhys, he’s the Soul Reapers’ chief senior disciple. We can’t afford to offend him. You better apologize, or we’ll be in serious trouble,” Lyn whispered. She was visibly worried.
Dealing with Josie was difficult enough for them. Now that the fearsome Lance was involved, it would only get worse.
“Kid, what did you just say? I didn’t quite catch it. Can you repeat that?” Lance’s eyes narrowed, and his expression darkened. No one had shown him such disrespect since he became famous.
“You didn’t hear me? Alright, I’ll say it again,” Dustin replied calmly. “I said, even your leader, Graham Thorne, wouldn’t dare talk to me like that. Who do you think you are?”
Upon hearing that, Lyn visibly paled. They were now in a predicament from which there was no way out. “Hey! Are you insane, kid? Are you trying to get us killed?” Even the overly confident Toddy was shocked. After his fight, he realized the stark difference between major and minor guilds.
“Looks like he won’t get it until he feels the pain,” Josie shook her head. She knew Dustin’s words not only humiliated Lance but also infuriated the entire Soul Reapers.
“Brat! You’re asking for it!” Lance couldn’t restrain himself any longer. He pounced on Dustin and wanted to tear him to pieces with his hands in front of everyone.
In the face of the sudden attack, Dustin remained composed and shot a silver needle with a flick of his finger.
As Lance charged forward, he felt a sudden numbness in his knee. His body involuntarily tumbled to the ground. It put him in an extremely embarrassing situation.
“What?”
Everyone was shocked and trying to process the sudden turn of events. No one had expected the highly regarded chief senior disciple of the Soul Reaper to fall in front of everyone. How embarrassing.
“Lance, what are you doing?” Josie’s lips twitched with an awkward expression. Lance stood up, looking disheveled. Upon closer inspection, he discovered a silver needle lodged in his knee.
“Damn it!” He pulled out the needle and crushed it. He glared angrily at Dustin. “You actually dare to fuck with me?”
“If you come at me again, I won’t hold back,” Dustin said calmly. “Fuck you! You’re going to pay for this, Lance roared in frustration. Somebody bring me my spear!”
###Chapter 1182 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1182
“Lance, catch!”
One of the disciples from the Soul Reapers tossed a finely crafted steel spear. As Lance grasped the spear, he appeared fierce and dominant. His exceptional spear skills and advanced training had made him a renowned figure. He was undefeated in the martial world for years.
Today, he intended to impress the martial community again with his exceptional skills. “Brat, you’re one of the few who have made me use my spear in years. If you meet your end today, consider it an honor.” Lance scowled.
With a swift thrust, the long spear shot forward like an arrow. Lance quickly narrowed the distance as he held the shaft and spun it rapidly.
Instantly, he became one with his spear. He charged forward like a dark storm. As he moved, a whirlwind followed him, causing the nearby martial artists to tremble in fear.
“Celestial Pursuit!” Lance and his became an unstoppable force as he advanced toward Dustin. His menacing presence shocked the spectators. spear “What an incredible move! He truly lives up to the title of spear master!”
“The Celestial Pursuit technique is Lance’s trademark, and it’s unbeatable. “Wow! Even his first strike is a deadly hit. I doubt the kid will survive.”
“He sealed his fate when he challenged the Soul Reapers’ chief senior disciple!”
Lance’s ultimate action made the other martial artists shiver in fear. They hastily retreated to a safe distance to avoid the impending chaos.
“Too slow,” Dustin remarked calmly. Without flinching, he faced the oncoming spear. With a seemingly ordinary gesture, he lightly pointed his finger at the tip of Lance’s spear.
A deafening bang echoed through the area. The once earth-shattering spear attack crumbled instantly. A shock ran through Lance’s body. His arms went numb, and the spear felt like it had hit a mountain.
“Huh?” Lance looked at the situation and was shocked to find that a finger had stopped his renowned world- shattering thrust. He couldn’t understand how that was possible.
“Is that it?” Dustin shook his head in disappointment. He slowly bent his finger to the tip of the spear, and another thunderous explosion followed.
Lance’s long spear slipped from his grip. The violent impact sent him rocketing backward like a cannonball. The shaft of the spear struck him in the chest with crushing force.
“Ah!” Lance cried out in pain as his chest took a brutal blow. He was thrown several feet in the air and crashed hard to the ground. There, he lay in agony, coughing up blood and unable to stand.
“What?”
The crowd was stunned. No one had expected Dustin to defeat Lance so easily. Lance was the chief senior disciple of the Soul Reapers. He was considered one of the most promising talents in Balerno martial arts.
To be defeated by Dustin with just one finger seemed utterly unbelievable. Who the hell was this guy?
###Chapter 1183 by Marina Vittori
“Whoa! Can you believe it? This guy took down the chief senior disciple of the Soul Reapers with just one finger?”
“What’s going on? How can this kid be so strong?” “Where did this monster come from? Did he actually defeat Lance? That’s terrifying, isn’t it?”
The unexpected turn of events caused quite a stir. Everyone had expected Lance to win, but Dustin overpowered him. This showed a clear difference in their abilities, and it amazed them.
“Is he really that powerful?” Josie was taken aback. Initially, she assumed Dustin was only good at hidden weapons, but his physical power was astonishing.
With a single finger, he had effortlessly flung Lance into the air. Among the martial artists of Balerno, no one was his equal.
“Rhys… Mr. Rhys defeated Lance?” Lyn rubbed her eyes in disbelief. She had always admired the chief senior disciple of the Soul Reapers. Even so, Dustin’s easy victory was incredible.
“The chief senior disciple of the Soul Reapers? He’s so weak! He couldn’t even defeat this kid. He’s truly useless! “Toddy sneered.
In his eyes, Dustin was beneath him. Seeing Dustin defeat Lance made him believe he could do the same. He could do better, and the thought boosted his confidence.
“Who… who are you?” As Lance stood up, he stared at Dustin with fear-filled eyes. He never thought he’d lose to someone his own age. The defeat was so crushing that he couldn’t fight back.
“Who I am is none of your business. Now call your leader over here,” Dustin replied calmly.
“Kid, take back your arrogance!”. Lance’s expression darkened. “You may be strong, but you’re not qualified to challenge my leader.”
“Challenge? No, you’ve got it wrong. I’m here to teach him,” Dustin replied. His words took everyone by surprise.
“Unbelievable!”
“How dare you?”
At this, the Soul Reapers’ disciples angrily scolded Dustin. They were seething with anger and ready to take action. They were aware that they couldn’t take on Dustin, but they believed they could win by joining forces.
“You’re really fearless, kid! So disrespectful to our leader like that? You’re just asking for trouble!” Lance was furious.
“Strength is important, but don’t be reckless. Sir Thorne, the leader of the Soul Reapers, is renowned in the martial arts world. You’re out of his league,” Josie warned.
She acknowledged Dustin’s strength but found his words and actions excessively arrogant. Even if he defeated Lance, Dustin’s desire to challenge Graham was an overestimation of his abilities.
“Mr. Rhys, let it be. Don’t let things escalate,” Lyn whispered. Grandmasters were akin to gods to ordinary martial artists. The level seemed approachable, but it was unattainable. So, a fight against a higher-ranked opponent inevitably meant defeat.
“I repeat myself. Bring Graham Thorne here. I intend to settle an old score with him today,” Dustin declared coldly.
“Who has the gall to call my name so brazenly?”
At that moment, a powerful and commanding voice rang out.
###Chapter 1184 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1184 
Although the voice wasn’t particularly loud, a commanding presence in the room silenced the noisy crowd.
The stout old man with the white beard entered, radiating authority. He wore a black robe and had a gruff appearance with piercing eyes. As he walked, his robe fluttered in the wind. Although he wasn’t particularly strong, he exuded a profound sense of grace.
Without doing anything, all eyes were on him. It was Graham, the leader of the Soul Reapers. “Sir Thorne is finally here. Something big is about to happen.”
“The kid dares to challenge Sir Thorne. There’s going to be trouble.”
“Why be so foolish? Why provoke a grandmaster? Let’s see how he handles it now!”
“Words can really lead to trouble!”
People whispered, pointing their fingers. Some even had pity in their eyes. They thought Dustin had taken it too far when he challenged Graham.
“It’s over now.” Lyn trembled.
“Wow, this guy is playing with fire! Why mess with a grandmaster? That’s like asking for trouble. I hope we don’t get dragged into this!” Toddy exclaimed in panic. Even if he had confidence, he wouldn’t dare to appear arrogant in the presence of a grandmaster.
“Ah… a genius of our generation might meet his end today.” Josie sighed regretfully. If Graham hadn’t shown up, Dustin might have had a chance to get away unharmed. Now, that chance was gone.
“Master Thorne! You’re finally here.” Lance rushed over.
“What happened? How did you get injured?” Graham eyed Lance and frowned.
“Master Thorne, some troublemaker had provoked the Soul Reapers. He attacked me and disrespected you. He had gone too far!” Lance complained.
“Hmm?” Graham’s expression turned serious as he asked, “Who dares challenge me?” “Master Thorne, look! That’s him!” Lance exclaimed angrily, pointing at Dustin. “This young man has no respect for anyone, including you. He’s incredibly arrogant!”
“Oh?” Just as Graham was about to assert his authority, he suddenly froze. “It … it’s you?!”
Seeing Dustin’s face, Graham broke out in a cold sweat. He felt a strong sense of danger, for the memory of the Black Forest was still fresh in his mind.
Dustin’s last attack had been devastating. He had severed Theodore’s hand, blinded Orson, and left him badly wounded. He hadn’t fully recovered, and the thought of facing Dustin again filled him with dread.
“Graham, so we meet again,” Dustin said, staring at Graham coldly. “Since Ronald isn’t here yet, let’s settle our old and new conflicts now.”
Hearing this, Graham ran off in fear, leaving the surprised crowd behind him.
###Chapter 1185 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1185
“Huh…” As the crowd watched Graham hastily retreat, they were all confused. Their eyes widened in disbelief, and they wondered what had happened.
Graham, the respected grandmaster and leader of the Soul Reapers, had actually been scared away? What had become of his authority and dignity?
Lance hesitated before asking, “Master Thorne! Where are you going?” “I have urgent business at home. I’ll be back soon.” Graham’s trembling voice came from a distance, and he quickly left.
Graham’s earlier injuries from the Black Forest had not recovered. Now that he was facing Dustin again, he realized running away was the best thing to do.
If he ran into Dustin again, it could cost him his life. Making a wise decision meant preserving his life, even if it required swallowing some pride.
Lance was speechless for a moment. Since joining the guild, he had never seen his mentor appear so shaken. He wondered what could have terrified Graham to this extent.
“What’s going on? Why did Sir Thorne run away?”
“I… I don’t know. Maybe there’s a family emergency?”
“Could it be that… Sir Thorne was frightened?” Watching Graham’s hasty departure, everyone exchanged surprised glances. No one had expected this.
When Graham arrived, he gave the impression of being unbeatable. And so, Dustin’s defeat seemed certain. Unexpectedly, Graham fled without looking back. It left everyone astonished.
“That old fox runs pretty fast.” Dustin frowned. Graham’s unexpected flight surprised him. Normally, there would be a fight in the ring to determine the victor. But now, the revered leader of the Soul Reapers, a grandmaster who had made his mark on the world, didn’t have the courage to accept the challenge. Instead, he chose to run away.
Was this cowardice or adaptability?
“Why… What’s happening?” Josie was shocked by the sudden turn of events. Graham surpassed her leader in strength and could even match with the Boulderthorn leader. It was astonishing that he would flee without resisting.
Graham’s change in demeanor when he saw Dustin was disturbing. She wondered if Graham was afraid of Dustin, which seemed likely.
This raised questions about Dustin’s identity. Why was Graham intimidated despite his martial arts experience? That was a cause for concern.
“Are we … saved?” Lyn and the others were left dumbfounded. She had no idea what had just happened. Still, Graham’s departure had spared them from a crisis.
###Chapter 1186 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1186
“Mr. Harrison! They’re right here. My men spotted them coming in. This announcement caused a stir as a group from the martial arts alliance enforcement team stormed into the arena.
At the forefront was a stern figure in black clothing. He was an alliance supervisor. Next to him was the enforcement team captain, who had been injured earlier by Dustin. “Oh no! The enforcement team is here! “Lyn’s expression changed as she quickly stood in front of Dustin.
“Mr. Rhys, they’re looking for you. You should leave now. I’ll distract them,” she said, wanting to repay Dustin for saving her life earlier.
“Lyn, why are you worried about him? Many alliance members are on their way. Let’s hide and avoid the situation, Toddy suggested. He had the confidence, but not enough to take on the entire alliance.
“Mr. Rhys, please leave! If you don’t, it will be too late!” Lyn became concerned as Dustin refused to leave.
“I’m not afraid of Graham, so why should I fear these guys?” Dustin smiled and shook his head. He pulled Lyn along behind him.
“But Mr. Rhys…”
Lyn was about to persuade him again. when the alliance enforcement team arrived. “Which one of you attacked our enforcement team? Step forward and apologize,” the supervisor demanded. confidently.
The captain immediately recognized Dustin in the crowd. He pointed at him and said, “Mr. Harrison! That’s the kid! He’s the one who attacked me! He’s challenging the authority of the martial arts alliance!”
“Oh? So, you’re the one who-” The supervisor was about to say something when he suddenly turned pale and began to tremble uncontrollably.
“Kid! How dare you attack me? Your time has come,” the captain sneered. He treated Dustin as if he was doomed.
“Rhy… Rhys …” The supervisor, who had seen Dustin before, continued to tremble and sweat profusely. As an alliance supervisor, of course, he knew who Dustin was.
He had handled Ray’s lifeless body, which Dustin had slain just the day before. He knew that this infamous figure dared to kill even Ronald’s nephew. If Dustin lost his temper, the alliance would be massacred.
The captain insisted, “Mr. Harrison, don’t bother defending me. Arrest this brat immediately and subject him to a rigorous interrogation to preserve the dignity of the alliance.” “Arrest him? No way!” The supervisor was shocked and slapped the captain twice.
“Ah!” The captain was bewildered. “Mr … Mr. Harrison, why did you slap me?”
The supervisor snapped, “You blind fool! This man is none other than the renowned Balerno’s Grandmaster Rhys! Slapping you is too lenient!”
Furious, he slapped him again. Then, he dropped his weapon and rushed toward Dustin. He showed his respect, and his voice trembled as he spoke. “Greetings, Grandmaster Rhys. I’m Wayne Harrison, a supervisor of the martial arts alliance.”
“Rhys… Grandmaster Rhys?”
The captain was dumbfounded. He couldn’t believe Dustin was the young grandmaster. Silence descended on the entire place, leaving everyone in awe.
“Dustin? Grandmaster Rhys? Is he the renowned young grandmaster in Balerno?” “Oh my goodness! Did I hear that right? The kid is a grandmaster martial artist?
“No wonder he’s so powerful and extraordinary. Even Sir Thorne fled in fear.”
“I’ve heard of the young grandmaster before, but I never expected him to be so handsome. No wonder so many female martial artists admire him.”
After a brief silence, the whole crowd erupted in excitement.
###Chapter 1187 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1187
No one anticipated Dustin’s impressive background. Many believed he was a disciple from a small guild with above- average abilities. But now, it was clear that this seemingly ordinary young man was actually the young grandmaster.
Dustin’s outstanding performance at the Knighthood Society Tournament, his victory over Augustus at Shinefield Lake, and the events in the Black Forest have solidified his legendary status in the martial world.
In addition, Dustin challenged the leader of the martial arts alliance. Each of these events had a profound impact.
He outshone his peers, and even veteran grandmasters were eclipsed by his reputation. Seeing this living legend in person put everyone in awe. “Is he really a young grandmaster?” Lance was so startled that his body shook uncontrollably.
He couldn’t believe the person he had challenged was the legendary genius. behind these extraordinary events.
Dustin had defeated him with only one finger, and his leader had suddenly fled. Everything finally began to make sense. Lance hadn’t been there in the Black Forest, but he had heard rumors.
Dustin had single-handedly injured three grandmasters. He also brought the other martial artists to their knees.
It had hit Graham hard psychologically. No wonder he had been so scared earlier. Anyone facing such a formidable calm. opponent was anything but.
“No wonder he looks familiar. He’s the person I’ve been looking for.” Josie felt a tinge of excitement, and her cheeks turned rosy as she admired Dustin. She had seen Dustin from a distance at the Shinefield Lake grandmaster battle.
However, she couldn’t make out his features. Up close, she discovered he was even more attractive than she had imagined. She wondered if this meeting with Dustin was fate.
“Mr. Rhys… He’s a grandmaster?” Lyn was shocked as she stared at Dustin’s tall figure.
She never would have guessed that Dustin was the renowned young grandmaster challenging the alliance leader. After all, he seemed friendly and ordinary. She found the situation increasingly surreal.
Toddy stood nearby, unable to hide his nervousness. He felt a shiver down his spine as he faced Dustin. Boasting earlier was one thing. But now, he was filled with awe and fear, especially after his disrespectful remark.
“Grandmaster Rhys, we admit our mistake and apologize for it.” Wayne bowed deeply while sweating profusely. Dustin had come to challenge the alliance leader today, but they had to be respectful.
Grandmaster martial artists could easily take a life. So, if Dustin became displeased and acted on it, no one would dare to intervene.
“Why are you just standing there? Apologize to Grandmaster Rhys right now!” Seeing that Dustin didn’t respond, Wayne glared at the captain and urged him to apologize.
###Chapter 1188 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1188
The captain immediately snapped out of his stupor. He quickly went forward and cowered. He showed his respect, and his voice trembled as he said, “Grandmaster Rhys, I take full responsibility. Please forgive me.
Suddenly, a thunderous cry rang out. What in the world are you doing?” Quincey and a group of top martial arts alliance members entered the arena. When he saw the captain and Wayne in such an embarrassing position, his expression darkened.
“You are a disgrace! Your actions have brought shame to our alliance!” Quincey stormed toward the two and slapped them.
The two severely beaten people, feeling unjustly treated, hesitated to retaliate. They wondered if asking a grandmaster for mercy had been a mistake or if they should just accept their fate.
“Mr. Reeds, this is Grandmaster Rhys. The one who has challenged Sir Reeds, “Wayne said nervously. He hoped Quincey would forgive him. Quincey angrily exclaimed, “You still dare to speak?” He continued to slap Wayne.
He added, “Anyone who challenges our alliance leader is considered an enemy. Showing respect to such an enemy is an act of cowardice!”
“I… .” Wayne’s face grew somber, but he refrained from speaking. He silently lamented, “Fuck you! It’s easy for you to say, but would you dare mess with a grandmaster? You’d regret it even more.”
Quincey vented his anger and then glared hatefully at Dustin. “Are you Dustin Rhys?”
“Yes.” Dustin nodded. “And who are you?”
Quincey’s words carried anger and a subtle threat. “I’m Quincey Reeds, the elder of the martial arts alliance.
“You committed an unforgivable crime last night by killing my son. And now, you challenge our alliance leader, disobeying the law.”
“Quincey Reeds?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. “So, Ronald is your brother, and Ray is your son?”
“That’s right!” Quincey gritted his teeth. “You’ve walked into the lion’s den. Today, I will bring justice for my son. I will restore the honor of our alliance and defeat this evil criminal!”
“You want to kill me? Do you have the ability to do that?” Dustin scoffed.
“I expected your arrival and set a trap. You will not escape today.” Quincey took a step back, raised his hand, and gestured for his men. “Three Guardians, capture this criminal immediately!”
Suddenly, three mysterious figures emerged from the ground. They leaped over thirty feet in the air and circled around Dustin.
These figures wore black robes and faceless masks. They exuded a chilling presence that caused temperatures to drop.
The martial artists nearby were stunned and quickly backed away to distance themselves. Those who were slow immediately felt a chill. It made them shiver uncontrollably. Lyn, Toddy, and a few others, standing near Dustin, were especially affected. They were frozen in place.
“Oh no! The Three Guardians are all after Dustin. He’s in trouble!” Josie said anxiously.
###Chapter 1189 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1189
“I can’t believe he got the Three Guardians to appear. Quincey has really gone all out!”
“It’s rumored that the Three Guardians are all martial arts grandmasters. Although Dustin is skilled, it would be hard to go against three of them alone.”
“Is this how the martial arts alliance conducts itself? Dustin came to challenge the leader. Instead, they are trying to intimidate him with numbers. “What a blatant disregard of our martial ethics!”
The crowd clamored at the sight of the three black-clad figures in masks. The Three Guardians were the alliance’s hidden strength. They ranked higher than the elders and third only to the leader and assistant leader.
They would never be deployed unless the alliance was in grave danger. Nobody knew how strong they were or what they looked like. Those who had seen their faces never lived to tell the tale.
The last time the Three Guardians were dispatched was ten years ago. It was during Ronald’s inauguration as the alliance leader. That day, a group of rebellious martial artists had conspired to disrupt the ceremony.
The Three Guardians had swiftly stopped the uprising with sheer force. They defeated all the rebellious martial artists with ease.
From that moment on, they became infamous. They were seen as a powerful defense by the entire alliance. No one could break through that defense and shake the alliance’s foundation.
Now, the alliance didn’t hesitate to use the Three Guardians in an ambush against Dustin. It was a truly heavy- handed move.
“The Three Guardians?” Dustin’s expression grew cold as he glanced around.
“Quincey Reeds, so this is your hidden card?” With his keen eyesight, he could tell that the Three Guardians were no ordinary grandmasters. They practiced the dark arts!
Not only did they exude a chilling aura, but they had fierce gazes and carried a strong scent of blood. Those who practiced the dark arts could enjoy rapid cultivation. However, it came with significant drawbacks. One of them included having to drink. human blood regularly.
That was the only way to control the dark energy inside them and keep it from running wild. The unique smell they gave off confirmed it.
In other words, the so-called Three Guardians were actually three notorious murderers. Many people had died at their hands.
The martial arts alliance should be setting an example for the martial world. Instead, they were rotten to the core. They had broken ethics and rules for power and status, secretly nurturing these demons for their own use.
“What? Afraid already?” Quincey grinned.
“If you’re afraid, kneel and surrender. You just might be able to lessen your suffering!”
“Afraid?” Dustin sneered, “They are just three pieces of trash that practice the dark arts. Do you really think they can touch me?”
Although those practicing the dark arts grew rapidly, their cultivation level was unsteady. It was due to the lack of foundation. As long as Dustin found their weakness, defeating them would be easy.
“Brat! Seems like you won’t learn your lesson until you meet death in the eyes! Quincey said sarcastically, “Since you’re seeking death, let me fulfill your wish! Three Guardians, I order you to kill Dustin!”
“Wait!” Just then, Josie stepped forward. With her voice raised, she said, “Mr. Reeds! Grandmaster Rhys has come forward to challenge our leader.
“How could you send the Three Guardians to fight him before the challenge even starts? Don’t you think you’ve gone too far?”
“That’s right! We’re here to watch their duel, not to see you people bully the weak!” a few martial artists chimed in behind her.
###Chapter 1190 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1190
“Who are you? How dare you meddle in our affairs?” Quincey’s expression darkened.
“I’m a disciple of Boulderthorn, and I disapprove of your actions.”
Josie said indignantly, “The martial arts alliance should uphold fairness and justice. The alliance had accepted Grandmaster Rhys’ challenge when he issued it.
“But you’re taking matters into your own hands. You try to attack him before Sir Reeds even arrives. “Where is the integrity of the alliance? Where is its dignity?”
“That’s right! If you’re looking for a fight, do it the official way! You’re such a coward for using numbers to bully him!”
“Grandmaster Rhys has shown respect to the alliance by coming alone for the duel. The alliance should be returning the courtesy. A duel in the battle ring is the only way to convince the public.”
“You guys aren’t afraid, are you? Are you afraid that Grandmaster Rhys would threaten the alliance leader’s position? Is that why you have resorted to such dishonest methods?”
The martial artists voiced their displeasure. It had been too long since someone challenged the alliance leader. It didn’t matter if Dustin was skilled. At least, it proved that he had the courage. However, the martial arts alliance’s current behavior was disappointing, to say the least.
“Shut up! Shut up, all of you!” Quincey was frustrated. “This brat killed my son! I’m seeking revenge as a father! What’s wrong that?”
“There’s nothing wrong with seeking revenge. Still, you shouldn’t use the alliance’s power to intimidate him. You’re abusing the power of the alliance for personal gain!” Josie exclaimed.
“Y-You… You wretched woman!”
Quincey was shaking with anger. He had set up this trap to capture Dustin. But he didn’t expect the appearance of this witless brat to interfere with his plans.
“Mr. Reeds, we will not agree to you seeking revenge, at least until Grandmaster Rhys’ duel ends.” “That’s right! Dueling the alliance leader is a sacred act. Even if you’re holding a deep grudge, you need to restrain yourself for now!”
With Josie taking the lead, more martial artists began to speak out against the injustice. In truth, they didn’t care about Dustin’s life. They were just dissatisfied with the martial arts alliance’s arrogant and tyrannical behavior.
It was unreasonable for them to just stop a duel and ambush a grandmaster as they pleased. If they kept silent and allowed the alliance to do so, it could happen to them next.
“You… you bastards! Are you trying to go against the alliance?” Quincey said through gritted teeth.
“Mr. Reeds, that’s enough. Don’t anger the public.” Right then, a dignified voice rang out, and a heroic-looking middle-aged man came riding on the wind.
He was wearing a robe and had both hands behind his back. He moved gracefully, appearing calm and composed as he glided across the air.
Although his movements seemed slow, it took him no time to arrive above them. Then, like a celestial being, he descended lightly. The newcomer was none other than the assistant leader of the martial arts alliance-Emery Williamson.
“Greetings, Sir Williamson!” the martial artists greeted him respectfully. Even Quincey, who had been annoyed earlier, calmed down. Emery held the greatest authority in the alliance after Ronald. Although he usually kept a low profile, nobody dared underestimate him.
After all, during the battle for the marital arts alliance leader position, Emery was evenly matched against Ronald. He lost by just a single move.
“Mr. Reeds, Grandmaster Rhys is our guest. Since he had already challenged Ronald to a duel, we should treat him well as the hosts. That would show how magnanimous we are.
“Your current behavior is embarrassing,” Emery reprimanded Quincey as soon as he spoke. With that, Emery had made his stance clear.
###Chapter 1191 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1191
“Sir Williamson, I’m acting in the interest of our reputation.” Quincey frowned. He continued, “This guy has killed an innocent man and is acting aggressively. He has no respect for the alliance. If we don’t deal with him now, we’ll likely face more in the future!”
“Mr. Reeds, I saw what happened earlier. You were the one acting aggressive and arrogant.”
Emery continued calmly, “Besides, you have violated our code of conduct. You had commanded the Three Guardians without the permission of our leader.
“If you insist on continuing this argument, you’ll add another offense to your record-knowingly breaking the law.”
“You-!” Quincey was exasperated. Through gritted teeth, he whispered, ” Sir Williamson, we’re on the same side. Sir Williamson, we’re on the same side. Are you really going to oppose me for this brat?”
“Mr. Reeds, I’ve always handled matters ively. I will never act in favor of personal gain.”
Emery declared confidently, “Everyone can tell right from wrong. I believe everyone here wishes to witness a fair and honorable duel against our leader. “Those who interfere in this duel with underhanded means will be the enemy of the martial world!”
“That’s right! It’s our right to challenge the alliance leader to a duel! Nobody has the right to interfere!” the crowd of martial artists echoed.
In the martial world, the strongest held the greatest authority. Even the position of alliance leader was earned through pure skills.
Anyone who became a grandmaster had the right to challenge the leader to a duel. That was an unspoken rule. Avoiding the duel or using underhanded methods would only bring down the alliance’s name.
“Sir Williamson, must you do this?” Quincey’s expression was grim.
“Why? Are you displeased?” Emery raised an eyebrow. “If you are, you have the right to challenge me. As long as you defeat me, I will pass the position of assistant leader to you.”
“You…” Quincey was rendered speechless. He was a mere divine-level martial artist. It was only because his brother was the leader of the alliance that he could enjoy the privilege of being an elder. Challenging Emery would be a suicidal move.
“Sir Williamson, I won’t forget today. I hope you won’t regret it.”
Quincey continued grimly, “You might have shielded him now. But you won’t be able to shield him forever. He will be dying a tragic death later on stage.”
“I’m not interested in his fate on stage. But nobody can break the rules beneath it. Now, get your men to leave!” Emery remained composed.
Quincey took a deep breath. Taking the situation into account, he finally gave in. “Three Guardians, retreat!”
Hearing the order, the three black-clad figures disappeared like a ghost. It was as if they never appeared.
“Grandmaster Rhys, on behalf of the alliance, I apologize for Mr. Reeds’ actions.” Emery turned to Dustin and apologized respectfully.
The reason he helped Dustin was to establish his authority. But it was also for personal reasons. Ronald had suppressed him for a decade, giving him no chance to rise.
Dustin’s appearance had given him a chance to step out from Ronald’s shadow. No matter the outcome, as long as Dustin stood in the battle ring, it would be a challenge to Ronald’s authority.
Making the first step was the hardest. However, once that step was taken, the subsequent steps would prove less daunting. When that day came, Ronald’s position would be shaken. It would give Emery the opportunity to seize power.
“You are too kind, Sir Williamson. They were just a few insignificant people. I didn’t take them seriously.”
“Of course.” Emery gave Dustin a faint smile.
“Grandmaster Rhys, it’s almost time. After you.”
“Alright.” Dustin nodded. Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, he made his way up to the center of the battle ring.
The crowd automatically made way for him. At that moment, regardless of his reason and the outcome, Dustin’s courage and determination had earned the admiration of the people present.
Dustin had attempted something none of them dared to do.
###Chapter 1192 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1192
“Dustin, you must show them what you got and make a name for yourself. Show the world what it means to be unparalleled and unmatched!” Gazing at his tall figure with admiration and adoration, Josie murmured to herself.
A real man should aim for remarkable achievements that would be remembered for generations. Marching forward courageously, they were undaunted by the challenges and obstacles ahead. That was what a true man was all about!
“So he dares challenge the leader of the alliance. Today would be the day he dies!” Lance muttered darkly under his breath. He only prayed that Ronald would kill Dustin as soon as he went up on stage.
“Hmph! He would end up dead anyway. He just lived a few minutes longer.”
Quincey grinned wickedly. His expression was extremely hostile.
“Dustin, please be safe!” Lyn clasped her hands together in a silent prayer. “What the hell? He really went up? Does he think he has what it takes to defeat the leader?” Toddy frowned, filled with jealousy and hatred.
They were of the same age. He couldn’t understand why Dustin was a grandmaster when he wasn’t even a divine-level martial artist. What exactly had he been doing wrong?
“This place is buzzing!” Suddenly, a group of individuals clad in distinctive uniforms entered the arena. Leading the group was a rather unsightly man with a pointed beard. And behind him was a group of strange -looking characters.
Among them were individuals of various builds, heights, and appearances. Some were as ugly as a demon, while others were as pretty as a Goddess. Yet, all of them were incredibly powerful.
“The Martial Arts Union? The Martial Arts Union is here!”
“Oh my God! What is the Martial Arts Union doing here? Is there a heinous criminal here?” The crowd was in an uproar as they realized who the newcomers were.
The Martial Arts Union was a governmental organization in Dragonmarsh. It was known for its formidable elite fighters. Their job was to oversee the martial artists nationwide and prevent marital conflicts.
Whether it was the Balerno martial arts alliance, the Glenstead martial arts alliance, or the major guilds of the martial world, all of them were under the jurisdiction of the Martial Arts Union.
It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that the Martial Arts Union was the pinnacle of power in the martial world. Any guilds that dared to defy their orders would face immediate suppression and elimination.
“Oh, isn’t this Sir Bolts? What brings you here?” Emery smiled and walked up to the man with the pointed beard when he saw him.
“Emery, I’ve come uninvited today. You wouldn’t mind, would you?” the man with the pointed beard, Woody Bolts, said with a smile.
“Of course not. It is an honor to have you here.” Emery was polite.
It didn’t matter how skilled the leader of the Martial Arts Union was. It was a figure that commanded respect, even from someone like Ronald.
“Emery, I heard Balerno has a young grandmaster and that he is challenging the leader of the alliance to a duel. Is that true?” Woody asked.
“That is the case indeed.” Emery nodded. “Various major guilds have gathered here today to witness the grand event.”
“Is that so? I’m curious. Who is this person?” Woody raised an eyebrow.
“He’s right up on stage.” Emery gestured toward the battle ring.
“Oh?” Woody looked over and was momentarily stunned.
He said doubtfully, “Why does this person seem so familiar?”
###Chapter 1193 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1193
“Familiar?” Emery was curious.
“Have you met Grandmaster Rhys before, Sir Bolts?” “I must have been mistaken.” Woody stroked his beard and gave it some thought, but he couldn’t recall anything.
With his memory, he would never have forgotten such a talented martial artist.
become a grandmaster in It was a rare sight to see a young man Dragonmarsh. In normal circumstances, he would never forget such a talent if he had met him before. That could only mean that they were not acquainted.
“Sir Bolts, you must be tired after traveling this far. Please, have a seat and rest.” Emery gestured.
“There’s no rush. Let me have a word with the young grandmaster.” With that, Woody headed straight for the stage. Emery frowned briefly before regaining his composure.
The Martial Arts Union became powerful mainly because it attracted talent from all walks of life. Be it good or bad, anyone with skills or unique abilities could join the union if they were strong enough.
Woody had clearly taken an interest in Dustin’s skills and talent. He wanted to recruit him. Although Emery was unhappy, there was nothing he could do. After all, the martial world was governed by the union.
“Young man, your courage is commendable. You actually publicly challenged the leader of the alliance.” Woody said with a smile as he walked on stage.
“The Martial Arts Union?” Dustin slowly opened his eyes. He quickly confirmed Woody’s identity by the badge on his chest.
“Good eyes. I am one of the ten leaders of the Martial Arts Union, Woody Bolts. “Woody introduced himself.
“I see, Sir Bolts. How can I help you?” Dustin nodded slightly. The influence of the Martial Arts Union extended throughout the world. The leaders of the union not only had remarkable strength, but they also had a strong background and employed ruthless methods.
“Young man, you’re extremely talented and have a bright future ahead of you. It would be a waste to stay in such a small place. Have you ever considered joining us?” Woody went straight to the point. His words caused a stir among the crowd.
“I thought the union was here to catch law-breaking martial artists. However, it seems like they’re here to recruit talent.”
“How impressive. A young grandmaster had attracted the attention of the Martial Arts Union from afar.”
“Hmph, this kid has gotten lucky for the union to take an interest in him.” The crowd of martial artists whispered among themselves, expressing a mix of awe and jealousy.
It was countless martial artists’ dream to join the union. That was because it represented power and status. However, the recruitment standards were extremely strict. It involved multiple assessments.
One wrong move could cost someone their life. It was incredibly rare to pass the assessments successfully. And it was even rarer to be recruited directly like Dustin.
“Thank you for the offer, Sir Bolts. But I’m not interested in joining,” Dustin declined without hesitation.
“Hmm?” Woody was taken aback by Dustin’s response. In all these years, nobody had ever declined an offer from the union. Did he not know how significant the union was?
“Young man, do you know what kind of organization we are?” Woody raised his head slightly. He said proudly, “We oversee all martial guilds, establish the rules of the martial world, preside over all martial artists, and take decisive actions when necessary.
“Granted an imperial charter, this is what the Martial Arts Union represents! The entire martial world was beneath the union’s feet, and no one dared defy it.
“I’ve heard of the reputation of the Martial Arts Union, but I am just an ordinary man. I can’t stand being controlled.” Dustin shook his head.
###Chapter 1194 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1194
“Young man, as long as you join us, I’ll make sure to assign you a venerated role.” Woody proposed a tempting offer.
In the Martial Arts Union, a venerated role was higher than an official. Dustin would enjoy a rapid promotion and advance by two ranks immediately.
“I’m sorry, I’m still not interested.” Dustin shook his head once more. Woody frowned at being rejected repeatedly. He didn’t expect Dustin to be this ungrateful when he had been extremely accommodating.
“No way. What is he thinking? He’s declining a venerated role in the union? “Being favored by the union is a great honor, but this guy is not appreciative! He’s so ignorant!”
“Hmph! What’s a young grandmaster in front of the union? They’re nothing but country bumpkins!”
A few jealous martial artists commented on the situation. Most martial artists saw an offer from the union as the highest honor one could receive. However, Dustin declined the offer repeatedly, showing complete disregard for the union. He was too arrogant!
“Young man, opportunities like this don’t come twice. Are you sure about your decision?” Woody’s expression grew colder. He was running out of patience. He had put down his pride to recruit Dustin personally. And yet, he wasn’t shown any respect.
“No, thanks. I came to the alliance to challenge the leader to a duel. I’m not interested in anything else,” Dustin replied calmly. “Very well! Everyone has their own ambitions. I won’t force you, then!”
Woody huffed and left the stage. His expression was sour and tinged with anger.
“Sir Bolts, sit down and have a cup of tea.” Emery smiled apologetically. He led Woody and his group to a seat in the center.
Those who sat here were the heads of various major guilds. The lowest ranked was a semi-grandmaster, with a few grandmasters among them. For example, Skycrane’s founder, Theodore Crane, and Father Orson, the Abbot of the Combat Priests.
Ever since the battle in the Black Forest, both of them held a grudge against Dustin. They had made an appearance today purely to take advantage of the situation.
Dustin was sure to be defeated in the duel. Once he was seriously injured, they would take the opportunity to eliminate the threat.
“Please calm down, Sir Bolts. An ungrateful man like Dustin doesn’t deserve to be recruited. Sir Reeds will personally teach him a lesson later,” Theodore commented slyly.
“Sir Crane is right. Dustin doesn’t follow orders. He would only bring you trouble if he joined the union. It’s better to give up now,” Quincey chimed in.
“Hmph! I intended to give him a chance to live, but I didn’t expect him to be so ungrateful. If that’s the case, I won’t care any longer. Let’s see if he survives today!” Woody said coldly, his expression hostile.
The Martial Arts Union was a privileged. organization. It was famous for its ruthless methods. Any martial artist who dared to defy the orders of the union was considered a criminal. They could be imprisoned or even executed. Dustin’s actions had already landed him on Woody’s blacklist.
“Mr. Reeds, everyone is here. When will Sir Reeds arrive?” Emery changed the subject.
“Sir Reeds was in seclusion last night and needs ample rest. Sir Williamson, if you can’t wait any longer, you should go back and rest first,” Quincey responded sarcastically.
“Hah … I don’t mind, but Sir Bolts is a busy man. You can’t make him wait forever, can you?” Emery flashed a sly smile.
“I…” Quincey was momentarily at a loss for words. It was true that he couldn’t afford to offend someone of Woody’s status.
“No need to wait any longer, Sir Reeds has arrived.” As if sensing something, Theodore suddenly looked up and toward a certain direction.
###Chapter 1195 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1195
“He’s here?” Everyone turned their attention in the direction Theodore was looking. What they saw was a white figure jumping down from the top floor of the alliance headquarters. As light as a feather, the figure moved with the wind.
“He’s here! Sir Reeds is here!” A commotion broke out in the arena as the crowd watched the figure descend from the sky. Ronald Reeds had finally made his appearance.
Under the watchful eyes of many, a white-clad Ronald arrived with his hands behind his back. His clothes swayed with the wind, and his steps were graceful. He looked like a higher being making his descent, carrying himself mysteriously and charismatically.
He didn’t have an imposing air or an overbearing presence. Still, nobody dared look him straight in the eye as he commanded utmost respect. At that moment, Ronald was like the brightest light, illuminating the earth and dispelling the darkness. It inspired genuine awe in the hearts of those who beheld him.
“Sir Reeds, congratulations on coming out of seclusion!” Quincey was the first to stand up and greet Ronald respectfully.
“Sir Reeds, congratulations on coming out of seclusion!” The martial arts members behind him all stood up and greeted him in sync.
Their voices echoed loudly like thunder across the arena. It spurred all the other martial artists present to stand up and show their respect. It was an honor the alliance leader, who was also the strongest martial artist in Balerno, deserved.
“It seems like he has improved again.” Emery frowned slightly, his expression turning solemn. He had intended to use Dustin to challenge Ronald’s authority. But now, it seemed like the plan wouldn’t work any longer.
If his guess was correct, Ronald was only a half-step away from becoming an ultimate grandmaster. It would only take him less than three months to make that breakthrough.
He would truly become a formidable force, soaring to new heights. By then, he would absolutely be unstoppable. In the end, Emery realized that he was still one step behind.
“Sir Reeds has made his appearance. Things are getting interesting now!”
“A young grandmaster challenging the leader of the martial arts alliance. This duel would undoubtedly go down in martial world history.”
“This would be an interesting fight to watch if it were another two years. But the disparity in their skills is just too wide.”
The crowd broke out into a discussion as they took in Ronald’s figure. Ronald’s might was known to all, and his status in the marital world was unshakable. Although Dustin was highly skilled, he was still far behind Ronald.
“Sir Reeds, it’s been years since we last met. How have you been?” Woody stood up to greet him.
“Oh, I didn’t expect you to be here, Sir Bolts. Nice to meet you.” Ronald smiled and nodded slightly.
“Sir Reeds, it seems like someone is seeking death today. Openly challenging your authority like that. You mustn’t go easy on him,” Theodore said meaningfully.
He was filled with hatred for Dustin, who had sliced off his arm during the battle in the Black Forest.
“Thank you for the advice, Sir Crane. I know what to do.” Ronald nodded stoically before turning his attention to Dustin.
He said calmly, “Dustin, I admire your courage to challenge me to a duel. But your actions are foolish. I’m giving you a chance. Admit defeat right now, and I might consider letting you go for your actions.”
“Ronald Reeds, you might let me go for my actions, but I will never for yours.”
Dustin looked up slowly. His tone was frosty when he declared, You wear a mask of righteousness but are wicked to the core! You are unworthy of holding the position of the martial arts alliance leader!
“Today, I demand justice on behalf of Sir Paul, Mr. Robinson, and all the false accusations I have endured!”
At that moment, silence engulfed the entire arena. The crowd of martial artists exchanged glances. They couldn’t understand what was happening.
###Chapter 1196 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1196 
What did he say? Wasn’t he challenging the leader of the alliance for power and position?
Wasn’t he doing it to make a name for himself?
Why did it sound like he was here to seek revenge?
Was there a conflict between them? “How dare you openly insult our leader? It’s simply unforgivable!” Quincey yelled as he rose angrily from his seat.
The members of the alliance were also clamoring indignantly. Ronald was the face of the alliance. Naturally, no one could tolerate it when their leader was being slandered.
“That’s enough, everyone calm down.” Ronald raised his hand to silence the noise.
Remaining unfazed, he continued, ” Dustin, justice is clear. I have always acted honorably. Do you think a few accusations can tarnish my reputation?
“Accusations? Hmph!” Dustin snorted.
“You betrayed and killed your master. You’re worse than an animal! A hypocrite like you who pretends to be virtuous deserves to be condemned by everyone!”
“How dare you!” Ronald’s expression darkened. He snarled, “Dustin Rhys! I won’t hold it against you since you’re still young. But if you spout any more nonsense, don’t blame me for taking action against you!”
“Trying to scare me? Ronald Reeds, do you think I am here to joke around with you?”
Dustin raised his voice, saying loudly, ” Listen up! This duel shall not only determine who is stronger but also decide our life and death!”
Dustin’s statement started a frenzy throughout the arena.
“What? A fight to the death? Is he crazy?”
“Did I hear him correctly? Is he challenging Sir Reeds to a deadly duel?
“He’s truly overestimating himself!”
“His courage is commendable if he’s here just for a challenge. But he’s a complete idiot if he’s here for a deadly duel!”
Dustin’s bold declaration created a huge reaction among the martial artists present. Challenging the leader of the martial arts alliance to a duel was already a bold move. But now, he was demanding a fight to the death. It was complete madness on his part.
“Dustin is being too impulsive. Why must he risk his life when things are going well?” Lyn was anxious.
A deadly duel only had one possible outcome. It was an outcome where one person died while the other survived.
Surrender was not an option. If they didn’t harbor a deep grudge for each other, they would never have suggested such an extreme course of action.
“Why did it turn out like this? Why must he bet his life for reputation and personal gain?” Josie frowned, appearing worried.
Challenging the alliance leader would still have been an honorable act even if he were defeated. No one would have criticized him for it.
But the circumstances were different now, as defeat meant a certain death. “This brat just pushed himself to a dead end!” Lance sneered, feeling happy.
“Idiot!” Toddy shook his head with a disdainful expression. “Young people are so foolish. Staking everything against the leader of the alliance is a suicidal move.” Woody scoffed.
He saw Dustin as someone who didn’t hesitate to take risks to gain temporary fame. People like him would find it hard to achieve greatness, no matter how talented they were.
“Interesting… How interesting. You are dying for sure!” Theodore grinned wickedly, almost letting out a cheer.
“You’re digging your own grave!”
Quincey smiled slyly. It was as if he was looking at a fool. One must either be crazy or stupid to risk one’s life against the alliance’s leader.
“Great… Absolutely great!” Ronald walked up to the battle ring. With a sneer, he said, “Since you want a deadly duel, let me fulfill your wish!”
With a wave, he ordered, “Get someone to bring a waiver over!
“Today’s battle will not only determine our strengths. It will also determine our life and death!”
###Chapter 1197 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1197
Upon Ronald’s command, a waiver was brought forth. Both he and Dustin signed their names on it without a word. A duel in the arena had always been a grave affair of life and death. However, unless there was a deep-seated enmity, the victor would normally show mercy.
That was the unspoken code of conduct. However, by signing the waiver, that unspoken code would become void. There would be no room for mercy and no option for surrender. All that lay ahead was a ruthless battle for survival. It was either live or die. No third alternative existed.
“Dustin, this is the most foolish thing you’ve done in your entire life.” After signing the contract, Ronald’s entire demeanor shifted.
Instead of his previous grace, he now exuded an imposing might. A tremendous force seemed to emanate from him, enveloping the entire arena.
Following that, the martial artists in the audience felt a sudden heaviness. It was as if an invisible boulder was pressing down on their shoulders. Even their breathing grew rapid.
The weaker martial artists found themselves panting heavily and covered in sweat. “What a frightening grandmaster’s presence. Is this the real power of the alliance’s leader?”
The crowd was deeply moved as they gazed at Ronald, their respect for him deepening. In one moment, he appeared kind and benevolent. But in the next moment, he turned into a fierce and intimidating figure.
His dignity as the alliance leader and the strongest fighter in Balerno revealed itself completely at this moment.
“Ronald, you will pay for what you have done. Today is the day you die!” Dustin took a step forward. As the ground cracked beneath him, he exuded an equally formidable invisible energy, challenging Ronald’s authority.
Both of them had strong energy fields. The fields collided in the air, forming a semi-transparent barrier, which served as a divider.
The arena was split into two. On the left was Dustin’s domain, while the right belonged to Ronald. They had yet to engage in physical combat. Even so, a subtle power struggle had already taken place.
“Dustin, I must admit, you are strong indeed. I doubt there is another martial artist as talented as you in Balerno, perhaps even on this entire planet.”
Ronald advanced toward Dustin. His energy field intensified like a bulldozer bearing down on Dustin’s space.
“Had it been another ten years, no, another five years, you would have been qualified to challenge me. But you’re just too young right now.”
Rumbling sounds echoed throughout the arena. As Ronald advanced, the semi -transparent barrier began shifting forward. As it pressed against Dustin’s field, it emitted explosive noises.
While Dustin remained motionless, his energy field was steadily contracting. At first glance, it was clear that Ronald had the upper hand. “The battle hasn’t even started, and he’s already lost in energy fields. Can this fight continue at all?”
“He shouldn’t have gone with it when he lacks the skills. Did he think a duel with the alliance leader would be easy?”
“Young people are too arrogant. Why sign the waiver? He just cut off his only means of survival.’
“Hmph! Serves him right even if he dies. That’s what he gets for overestimating himself!”
The crowd broke into a discussion as they watched Dustin being pushed back relentlessly. Some sympathized with him, some pitied him, some were worried, and some were disdainful. There were even those who were reveling in his misfortune.
In their eyes, Dustin’s defeat seemed inevitable. The only question was, how long could he hold on?
“Sir Bolts, why don’t you guess how many moves Dustin can withstand against Sir Reeds?” Quincey asked out of the blue.
“Unless there’s an unexpected twist, I’d say ten,” Woody replied impassively.
###Chapter 1198 by Marina Vittori
There were differences in strength even among grandmasters. And the gaps between each minor level were challenging to bridge.
“Sir Bolts, it seems like you have overestimated this young man.” Theodore chuckled and shook his head.
“If I’m not mistaken, after Sir Reeds’ recent seclusion, his skills have ascended to another level. So he should only need three moves to deal with Dustin.”
“Oh? Is that so?” Woody raised an eyebrow, somewhat surprised. Ronald had already attained the status of a grandmaster several years ago. If he had made further progress, he was on the verge of becoming an ultimate grandmaster.
If that were the case, the Martial Arts Union would have to reevaluate his value.
“Dustin, you should never have challenged me. I already offered you a chance back in the Black Forest. But it seems like you’re determined to dig a grave for yourself.
“No one will be coming to your rescue today!” Ronald continued to advance. His terrifying presence intensified as it surged forth like a tsunami. Under the intense pressure, Dustin’s energy field began to show visible signs of strain.
It looked like a massive sheet of glass on the verge of shattering. The cracks expanded rapidly and multiplied like a sprawling spider’s web.
The Celestial Blade wrapped in cloth behind Dustin vibrated intensely. It produced a faint resonance. The blade seemed eager to join the battle.
Dustin reached out and gently patted the sheathed blade, calming its restlessness. It wasn’t time yet.
“Dustin! It’s time to die!” After he pushed Dustin back to the limit, Ronald took a swift step forward. With a high-pitched explosion, Dustin’s energy field shattered instantly. It broke apart into pieces.
“Go to hell!” Ronald seized the opportunity with all his might. He took another step and propelled himself forward, turning into a streak of white light.
In his wake, the air was cleaved, emitting a shrill howl. Even the solid platform of the arena was etched with deep grooves.
The astonishing speed and force resembled a destructive missile. It was capable of eliminating everything in its path.
“Bring it on!” Dustin’s gaze hardened. Refusing to show any weakness, he also turned into a stream of light and charged headlong at Ronald.
At that moment, neither side showed signs of retreating. It left only an inevitable head-on collision. After a brief sprint, the two human projectiles ultimately collided with each other with tremendous force. A loud roar reverberated, and the earth shook beneath them.
The entire arena began to shake, and the ground was blown apart. It left behind a huge crater with cracks that splintered outward around the edges.
From the point of impact, a surging wave of energy swept outward in all directions. Wherever it passed, debris filled the air, and dust clouded the scene.
The audience instinctively covered their ears and hunched forward. They channeled their internal energy to resist the howling wind that rushed toward them.
Even when they had prepared themselves, the assault of the violent gusts still left them with hair standing on end. Their entire bodies trembled, causing them to struggle to maintain their footing.
The moment Dustin and Ronald collided, deep rifts brutally tore the circular arena apart. Both of them were also sent hurtling away.
Dustin was pushed back several feet by the impact, creating deep grooves into the ground. In stark contrast, Ronald ascended and descended gracefully. He seemed unaffected by the collision.
The glaring difference in their strengths was displayed for all to witness.
###Chapter 1199 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1199
When the dust settled, the audience of martial artists felt a cold shiver run down their backs. They were terrified.
The aftermath of that previous collision was terrifying. Had they not been prepared and failed to dodge, they would have been seriously injured. Even with their precautions, the destructive force left them with a lingering unease.
“Not bad. You’ve improved since our encounter in the Black Forest,” Ronald said as he placed one hand behind his back. With a faint smile playing on his lips, he looked convinced of his victory. Unfortunately, you’re still going to die today.”
“Ronald, don’t hold back and just bring it on. Otherwise, you won’t have another chance.” Dustin straightened his posture, his gaze as cold as ever.
The attack earlier had allowed Dustin to see through Ronald’s limits. As expected, it appeared as if Ronald was on the verge of turning into an ultimate grandmaster.
Fortunately, due to time constraints, he hadn’t fully broken through yet. Otherwise, it would have been much harder to deal with him.
“Hmph! You really won’t learn your lesson till you die!” Ronald narrowed his eyes slightly. As his energy surged once more, his clothes billowed and rustled.
“Didn’t you wish to witness my true strength? Very well, I’ll make sure you die with no regrets!” With that, his body trembled.
He let out a sudden burst of golden light, creating a protective aura around his body. The golden radiance draped over him like a suit of armor. It intensified his already formidable presence.
He appeared like a God descending among mortals. Ronald exuded an air of contempt and superiority upon all beings. And the martial artists found it hard to breathe as the pressure grew stronger.
Many of them were unable to withstand the weight of the atmosphere. They were forced to retreat to a safer distance to watch the battle.
“Very good! Sir Reeds is finally showing his true power!” A sinister smile played on Theodore’s lips as he watched the unfolding scene.
“I’ve long heard of Sir Reed’s formidable Infinity Aura Technique. I finally have the opportunity to witness it for myself today.” Woody was suddenly in high spirits.
“Hahaha… To die under Sir Reeds’s ultimate technique, this brat can take pride in his demise.” Quincey’s gaze turned icy.
“For Sir Reeds to employ his Infinity Aura Technique, Dustin is in real danger now.” Emery frowned, his expression solemn.
The Infinity Aura Technique was a legendary martial arts technique. Those who practiced it were nearly invincible, as both weapons and the elements couldn’t harm them. They seemed to be possessed by Gods or demons, making them unstoppable. Nobody on the same level could match them!
However, the requirements needed to train in it were harsh. In the past century, no one besides Ronald had managed to successfully master it.
During the duel for the martial arts alliance leader position years ago, Emery was defeated precisely because Ronald had used the Infinity Aura Technique in the final battle.
Most importantly, compared to the past, Ronald had now mastered this ultimate technique to its peak. Its power had increased by more than a hundredfold!
“Sir Reeds’ Infinity Aura Technique is an undefeated legend of the martial arts. Dustin is in deep trouble!” Lance chuckled, happy at his misfortune.
“Please, hang in there!” Josie gripped her clothes tightly, torn between nervousness and concern.
“It’s over … Sir Reeds is not holding back any longer. Dustin is in danger!” Lyn let out a long sigh, feeling sorry for him.
“This brat is too foolish. I would have escaped long ago if it were me. He’s still standing there like a fool. Is he waiting to be killed?” Toddy shook his head. It was as if he was looking at a complete idiot.
Whispers and murmurs were heard among the audience below. Meanwhile, a murderous tension hung heavy on the stage above. When Ronald unleashed his ultimate technique, his presence had reached its peak.
Ronald might have been seen only as a powerful figure in the eyes of the martial artists, but he was now seen as an invincible God!
“Dustin, I admire your courage. That is why, from now on, I will give it all I have.” Ronald suddenly took a deep breath. He madly devoured the surrounding spiritual energy.
The next moment, a golden light spread around him and gradually converged. It eventually formed a golden sword. Ronald gripped the sword in his hand. With a gentle tap of his foot, he leaped into the air.
###Chapter 1200 by Marina Vittori
Ronald leaped up high and suspended himself in the air. Under the sunlight, the golden armor that he wore gleamed brilliantly. It caught everyone’s attention.
“I call this swordplay the Ethereal Slash. I learned it during my three years spent in seclusion. Until today, I have never displayed it in front of others. “It will be your greatest honor today to die by this technique!
“Now, watch me!” Ronald’s golden sword suddenly shook.
He then transformed into a golden streak of light and descended rapidly. His momentum was tremendous, destroying everything in its path.
“How fast! What a terrifying swordplay!
“Oh my goodness! Is this divine retribution? It’s so frightening!”
“No one can withstand this strike of his when unleashed. At least the young grandmaster will die an honorable death!”
Ronald’s astounding swordplay sent shockwaves throughout the arena. The martial artists were left in awe. That golden streak of light was as radiant as the sun and left people utterly defenseless.
As the sword descended, it seemed as though doomsday itself had arrived. It was strong enough to destroy everything in its path!
“Celestial Blade!” When Ronald unsheathed his sword, Dustin also made a sudden move. With a gentle tap, the black sword wrapped in cloth on his back unsheathed instantly.
At the same time, with a wave of his hand, Dustin retrieved two silver needles and pierced them into the back of his head.
In an instant, Dustin’s eyes turned bloodshot, and the veins started to bulge on his face. A surge of energy erupted from his entire body like an overwhelming tidal wave.
This was the secret technique of the Rhys family, a breakthrough with the cost of one’s life!
“Pathfinder!” Dustin suddenly leaped into the air. He grabbed the Celestial Sword that was suspended in midair. In an instant, he transformed into a black streak of light and charged toward the golden light.
Ronald was like a divine being surrounded by a brilliant golden light. Meanwhile, Dustin was enveloped in a swirling dark energy, like a demon. Two extreme forces collided with each other through their most powerful strike, one above and the other below.
In that instant, the skies shifted. Even the earth began to shake. After the dazzling light subsided, three thunderous crashes followed, each louder than the last.
Ronald’s golden sword exploded in the first crash. His protective energy shattered in the second. And the third crash saw the sword sever Ronald’s arm.
Dustin merged with his sword. He broke through Ronald’s attack and defense with an unstoppable force. At the same time, it inflicted severe damage to Ronald’s body. Since everything happened in just a blink of an eye, the crowd could barely discern the two beams of light colliding.
As they collided, the dark radiance pierced through the golden light. Then, it soared into the sky. Following that, the ground trembled. Loud explosions were heard, and surging waves of energy struck relentlessly.
The crowd had to cover their ears and close their eyes. They endured the shockwaves of the explosion. When the dust finally settled, Dustin was standing silently at the edge of the battle ring. The black sword in his hand was dripping with blood.
Meanwhile, Ronald appeared disheveled, and his face was filled with disbelief. His entire body was riddled with sword wounds and covered in injuries.
In particular, his arm that had been holding his sword was severed. With blood covering half his body, Ronald looked extremely battered and exhausted.
###Chapter 1201 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1201
“Im-Impossible!” Ronald’s eyes widened in disbelief as he gazed at his injured body. He never could have imagined that he would be defeated so badly. After all, he had the power of the Infinite Aura Technique and the Ethereal Slash assisting him.
Why? Why did it turn out like this? That was his strongest move! Nobody was able to defend against his move, let alone launch a counterattack, in the whole of Balerno! He was supposed to be unparalleled!
How? How did Dustin manage to defeat him?
Ronald’s body trembled, and he spat out a mouthful of blood. Then, his knees gave way. He knelt on the ground, his face ashen.
Dustin’s terrifying slash had not only severed his arm but a lot of his circulatory pathways were also damaged. At that moment, Ronald’s body was in ruins. He had no strength left to continue the fight.
Ronald fell to the ground, severely injured. The entire arena fell into a deathly silence. It was so quiet that one could hear a pin drop.
Everyone was stunned and in disbelief. It was the most unexpected outcome. It was too shocking and difficult to even accept.
When Ronald unleashed his earth- shattering strike, they all believed that Dustin would lose. Because it was a divine retribution that was unstoppable.
However, Dustin not only survived the terrifying strike, but he also turned the tables. He had severely injured Ronald. The stark contrast was equivalent to a mortal slaying a God. It was simply unbelievable!
“I … I must be mistaken, right? Sir Reeds… actually lost?”
“It can’t be! Sir Reeds is the alliance leader. He is the number one martial artist in Balerno. How could he lose to this kid?”
“Oh my God! What just happened?
Everything happened so fast!”
“Incredible! This is truly incredible!”
After a brief silence, the entire arena erupted into a frenzy. It was as if a bomb had been dropped into calm waters, causing an uproar.
“How could this be? Dustin won?” Theodore’s smile froze and was replaced by shock.
“No… It can’t be. Something must have gone wrong somewhere. My brother is unmatched! How could he have lost?” Quincey exclaimed as he turned pale. It was as if he was struck by lightning.
“What kind of monster is this kid?” Woody was left speechless, his inner turmoil raging.
“He won? He actually won against Sir Reeds? Am I dreaming?” Lance’s eyes widened like saucers. He was in a state of sheer disbelief.
“What the hell? He must have cheated! “Toddy stood there, utterly dumbfounded. As Ronald’s supporters, they simply couldn’t believe the outcome.
Ronald Reeds was the leader of the Balerno martial arts alliance. He was the undisputed strongest martial artist in the whole of Balerno!
To martial artists far and wide, Ronald was an insurmountable mountain.
###Chapter 1202 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1202
However, at that moment, that mountain had collapsed. Ronald’s legend and glory were completely shattered.
“He won! Dustin won! That’s amazing! “After being momentarily stunned, Lyn cheered. “As expected of the man I’ve set my eyes on. He’s truly unparalleled!” Josie was thrilled and excited. Her face began to redden.
Although she wasn’t sure what happened, she was certain Dustin had won. And brilliantly at that! In front of thousands of people, he had defeated the martial arts alliance leader. The one and only Ronald Reeds.
From that moment on, he had successfully made a name for himself. He would stand uncontested, leaving everyone in the dust.
“Excellent! What a magnificent victory! “Even the shrewd Emery couldn’t help applauding the win.
Ronald had suppressed him for a whole decade. With Dustin’s unexpected victory and a severely injured Ronald’s fall from grace, it was a joyous occasion.
Finally, he could seize this opportunity to assume the position of alliance leader. Dustin ignored the uproar. Gripping the Celestial Blade, he took purposeful steps toward Ronald. The black sword was still dripping with blood.
“The alliance leader? An unbeatable legend? Hmph… what a joke.”
Dustin’s eyes were red, and his expression was sinister. He looked like a demon that had just crawled out of hell, terrifying yet immensely powerful.
“You How are you so strong? How could you possibly defeat me?” Ronald knelt on the ground and struggled to lift his head.
His expression was a mix of shock, terror, and bewilderment. But most of all, he was filled with confusion and disbelief.
He couldn’t understand why he had been defeated. With his cultivation, he was supposed to be unbeatable by anyone below the level of an ultimate grandmaster.
“You underestimated me and overestimated yourself. That was why you lost.” Dustin raised his sword slowly.
He asked condescendingly, “Do you have any last words?”
“Don’t… Don’t kill me…” Ronald panicked, taking in Dustin’s cold, indifferent gaze.
He humbly begged for mercy, “I can give you the Celestial Pearl and give up the position of alliance leader. I can pass on all my knowledge to you.
“As long as you let me live, I’ll give away my power, position, and wealth. I’ll give you anything you want!”
He had fought hard to reach his current position and ascend to the peak. He hadn’t enjoyed it enough or achieved his life goals. He didn’t want to die and lose everything just like that. As long as he could live, he could put down his dignity and give up everything he had.
“Ronald Reeds, did you ever think this day would come? Especially after you betrayed your master, acted treacherously, and framed me.” Dustin remained unfazed.
“I was wrong… I know I was wrong! I promise to start anew and never do anything evil again. Please give me another chance!”
As Ronald spoke, he prostrated desperately. He completely let go of his pride, no longer carrying the dignity of the alliance leader.
The crowd lamented at the sight they were witnessing. Nobody expected Ronald to have such a humble and cowardly side to him. After all, he usually carried himself with pride. It turned out that even Gods were fearful in the face of death.
“Give you a chance?” Dustin scoffed.
“Let me ask you, did you ever give Sir Paul a chance? What about Mr. Robinson? And those innocent people you harmed, did you ever give them a chance?
“Since you didn’t, what gives you the right to ask me for one?”
“Dustin, nothing good will come out of killing me! It’ll only make you an enemy of the martial world!
“As long as you let me go, I promise to serve you faithfully. I’ll do anything you ask!” Ronald was panicking. He was sweating profusely as he begged fervently.
“You don’t need to do anything. I just want you dead!” Without another word, Dustin raised his sword high into the air. He was going to strike down heavily.
###Chapter 1203 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1203
“Stop!” Just as Dustin was about to kill Ronald, a booming voice yelled. At the same time, an arrow shot out at an incredible speed, carrying tremendous force. With a loud clang, it accurately struck against the Celestial Sword.
“Hmm?” Dustin’s body quivered, stopping his actions. At the same time, he cast a cold gaze below stage. Unbeknownst to him, Woody had already stood up, holding a powerful bow in his hand. He had fired that arrow.
“Sir Bolts, what do you mean by this?” Dustin frowned slightly.”Dustin, you have won. Don’t overdo it.
Woody’s expression was cold. “Don’t be so eager to burn bridges and make things difficult lest it backfires!”
“Sir Bolts, our duel was a fight to the death. Only one can emerge alive in the battle ring. That is the rule of the martial world,” Dustin said coldly.
“The Martial Arts Union establishes the rules of the martial world. I hold the highest position here and wield the ultimate authority!” Woody’s tone was extremely overbearing.
His intervention was motivated by Dustin’s lack of gratitude. It was also because Ronald was still useful to him. As the leader of Balerno martial arts alliance, Ronald’s position, status, and influence were unparalleled.
If he died, the world of Balerno martial arts would be plunged into chaos. At that point, the union would have to intervene to restore order.
“Sir Bolts, the rules of the martial world should be upheld impartially. We’ve already signed a waiver. Your protection of Ronald seems biased,” Dustin said.
“Enough with the nonsense! Sir Reeds is a prominent figure in the marital world and a pillar of our nation. The union will protect a talented man like him at all costs!” Woody retorted sharply.
“Sir Bolts, if I’m not mistaken, the union has clear rules against intervening in disputes. You won’t be able to justify your actions,” Dustin reminded him.
“You want to try me? Very well!”
Woody sneered.
He turned his attention toward Ronald. Then, he said loudly, “Sir Reeds, would you be willing to join the Martial Arts Union? As long as you agree, will back you up!” the union Ronald lit up with joy at his words. It was as if he had grasped a lifeline. He nodded repeatedly. “I agree, I agree! I’ll join the union! I’m willing to work hard for the union!”
This was the best chance to save his life. As long as he had the union’s backing, Dustin wouldn’t dare to act recklessly, even if he had immense courage. Even though he would be losing his freedom, it was a small sacrifice compared to losing his life.
“There! Did you hear that? Ronald is now a part of the union. It is only natural for us to protect him. Do you still have any ions?” Woody lifted his head slightly, looking proud.
So what if Dustin was talented, skilled, and powerful? He still had to bow in submission before the union.
“Sir Bolts, are you playing games with me?” Dustin’s eves narrowed slightly.
“The union has always acted benevolent to win the people over. Since you brought up rules, then let’s talk about rules.
“Ronald has now joined the union. If you dare kill him, it will be a challenge to the union’s authority! Consider the consequences yourself!” Woody openly issued a threat.
The Martial Arts Union represented the power of the government. They stood above all guilds with overwhelming influence.
Once someone became a wanted fugitive of the union, there would be no place to hide, no matter how vast the world was.
That was one of the reasons why the union was so feared. “It’s fortunate that Sir Bolts is present today. Otherwise, we would have been plunged into chaos.” Theodore sighed in relief as he watched Woody take control of the situation.
###Chapter 1204 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1204
If Ronald died, Theodore would probably be next. “Hmph! With the union backing Ronald, what can that brat do? Even if he’s powerful, he still has to listen to orders obediently.” Quincey grinned widely.
He had believed the Reeds family was on the verge of ruins moments ago. Thankfully, Woody had intervened just in time to save the situation.
“What a shame. I was almost there.” Emery sighed, shaking his head in regret. Today would have been perfect if Woody hadn’t turned the situation around.
“As expected of the Martial Arts Union. They were able to intimidate Dustin with just a few words.”
“Haha… Even the most formidable figures had to bow down to the union!”
Many of the martial artists in the audience breathed a sigh of relief. Although they couldn’t accept Ronald’s defeat, the current outcome was far from disastrous. After all, Ronald was safe now. Nobody would be that foolish to go against the union.
“Dustin, I must admit that you are strong and skilled. Unfortunately, you still can’t kill me. As long as I live, I haven’t truly lost.” Ronald struggled to get up and smirked.
“Let me let you in on a secret. I’m a breath away from becoming an ultimate grandmaster. I anticipate a breakthrough within the next three months. When that day comes, I’ll turn you into minced meat!
“How about it? Are you mad? Afraid? Feeling helpless? But what else can you do other than await your inevitable demise?
“I’m now a union member, someone you can’t afford to offend. If you dare to act recklessly, you won’t be the only one who suffers. Your family and friends will suffer with you!
“Just accept your fate. You won’t be able to seek revenge, nor will you be able to change the outcome. You’ll forever remain beneath my feet!”
By the end of his speech, his earlier humble and cowardly demeanor transformed into arrogance and confidence. With the union backing him up, he felt invincible.
Once he returned from this defeat, he vowed to repay Dustin tenfold for the humiliation he suffered.
No! A hundredfold!
“Dustin, I’m ordering you to back down now!” Woody shouted. “Did you hear that? Get lost! The union is not an entity you can afford to provoke!” Ronald sneered.
“Ronald Reeds, you’re getting carried away. Do you really think Woody can save you?” Dustin asked coldly.
“What? Are you still going to kill me? Do you know how many people will die if you make a move? Do you know how many innocent souls will die with you?
“Dustin, you should think before you act. Don’t harm the innocent or yourself!” Ronald smirked, confident that he had Dustin trapped.
Even if Dustin was the strongest there was, he was just one man. Any man would have weaknesses and concerns. That was why Ronald was confident that Dustin wouldn’t dare take action.
“Dustin Rhys, I’m counting to three. If you don’t retreat, it will be considered a public challenge against the union!” Woody issued a final warning.
“You bastard, drop your weapon immediately! Or be the enemy of the martial world!” Quincey led a group of disciples in surrounding the battle ring.
“I have a tendency to follow through with my words.”
Dustin said calmly, “I’m taking Ronald’s life today, and nobody can stop me. Even if that means turning into the enemy of the union and the martial world.
“Even if it leads to my demise, I’m willing to pay the price!”
With that, the Celestial Blade was raised up high. It was swung down forcefully, beheading Ronald.
###Chapter 1205 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1205
With all eyes on him, Dustin suddenly lifted his blade and cut Ronald’s head off. Everything had happened without warning, and he did it without any hesitation.
With the slashing of his blade, one of the greatest leaders in the martial world was slain. He had been one of the best martial artists in the Balerno martial world!
Dustin’s actions were so swift that Ronald’s head was already at his feet while he remained standing. His expression was one of shock, fear, and, for the most part, disbelief.
Even until death, Ronald did not expect Dustin to dare cross the Martial Arts Union. To kill a person was a serious violation of their regulations.
“He… He really killed him? Am I mistaken?”
“Mad! He’s gone utterly mad! How dare he commit murder when the head of the Martial Arts Union is present? That’s outrageous!”
“How brutal! He’s trading life for life!”
“In all my years, I’ve never seen anyone challenge the Martial Arts Union like him! The brat is so ignorant that he doesn’t fear authority!”
After a short silence, the crowd broke into an uproar. All the martial artists present were startled by Dustin’s fearless actions.
As Ronald had joined the Martial Arts Union, he was one of them. That meant that he was protected by official authorities. So not only did he enjoy certain privileges, but he was also unbound by the rules of the martial world.
But Dustin had killed Ronald in front of everyone. His actions were a blatant challenge to the Martial Arts Union and the entire martial world!
“Oh no! Dustin’s offended people he shouldn’t have!” Josie’s expression changed as she became nervous. Though the powerful were revered in the martial world, some rules were not meant to be broken.
Especially those set by the Martial Arts Union. Everyone, regardless of how powerful they were, wound up dead once they were named in the Martial Arts Union’s assassination list. “Darn it! Dustin had been too rash! He’s brought trouble on himself by killing Sir Rhys!” Lyn was flustered.
Though Ronald was now dead, Dustin had landed himself in the Martial Arts Union’s bad books. He was going to find himself in deep trouble.
“You insolent, ignorant brat! Seems like you still do not comprehend how formidable the Martial Arts Union is!” Lance’s lips curled up into a sinister smile.
“Has the rascal gone out of his mind? How else would he dare to challenge the Martial Arts Union?” Toddy’s eyes widened in surprise.
The Martial Arts Union held the highest authority within the martial world. No one was able to go against them.
“Dustin! How dare you!”
After taking a moment to come to terms with what just happened, Woody jumped into a fit of rage.
“You have ignored our laws and murdered a member of the Martial Arts Union! I hereby declare that you are now a criminal! You shall be the enemy of the entire martial world from now on!”
“You monster! First, you killed my son, and now you murdered my brother in cold blood! I’ll never forgive you!” Quincey’s face was distorted with fury as he roared.
“Listen up, Three Guardians! And listen up, all you disciples of the martial arts alliance! Surround the criminal. Avenge Sir Reeds!”
At that, all the disciples of the alliance pulled out their weapons. The Three Guardians of the martial arts alliance showed up like ghouls. Their eyes were fixed menacingly on Dustin.
“Sir Reeds had been righteous and upheld justice his whole life. Now that he’s been murdered by a criminal, I will not sit idly by! Listen up, Skycrane disciples! Come with me and eliminate him!”
Theodore reacted quickly, raising an arm over his head as he shouted to the Skycrane disciples
This was the best chance he had to get his revenge on Dustin with a justifiable reason. He wasn’t going to let it slip past him.
“He’s a spawn of the devil out to wreak havoc among mankind! We Combat Priests should wipe out such evil entities to restore peace on earth.”
Father Orson, who had been silent the whole time, led a group of trained priests and surrounded Dustin.
“My Soul Reapers brethren, prepare to fight and avenge Sir Reeds!”
Lance raised his spear and gave out a deafening roar.
“Hear ye, disciples of the Nephrite Sun
“Hear ye, disciples of the Deathly Hurricane-”
“And hear ye, disciples of the Starry Arches-”
“Slay the criminal and avenge Sir Reeds!”
###Chapter 1206 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1206
More and more guilds joined in on the mission to kill Dustin. At a glance, the place was jam-packed with people. The arena was so tightly
surrounded that there was no way out. In an instant, Dustin became the enemy of the entire martial world. He was now a villain that everyone was out to get rid of.
Ronald had been the leader of the Balerno martial arts alliance for many years. He was well-received and respected by all, with a strong following that rallied behind his every call. Now that he’d been murdered, it was a given that they’d all be angered.
But of course, the most important reason behind their agitation was that the Martial Arts Union had now declared Dustin a criminal. No matter what, Dustin would have to pay for what he had done. That was how things were in the martial world.
“Dustin! You have ignored our laws and committed a heinous crime! Surrender immediately and follow me to receive your punishment!
“If you do not, you shall be killed on the spot!” Woody roared. To murder someone in his presence was a blatant disregard for their laws and a clear disrespect to him.
“That was a private matter that had to be settled between Ronald and me. You should all stay out of it, or be prepared to face the wrath of my sword!”
Dustin stood proudly on the stage, slowly raising the Celestial Blade over his head. His sharp gaze swept across the place without the slightest hint of fear. He was publicly going up against the whole of Balerno’s martial arts scene.
“Hah! It seems like you don’t know death until it stares you in the face! “Listen up, everyone! The Martial Arts Union will handsomely reward whoever succeeds in killing the criminal!”
Woody wasted no time in delivering his order.
“Charge!”
With a deafening roar, thousands upon thousands of martial artists charged forward. They were motivated by the promise of a handsome reward.
They swarmed the place like a threatening hive of bees. Suddenly, a dark glow was reflected off a blade. It sliced through the air like a scythe.
With a resounding clang, It lodged firmly on the edge of the stage. As a result, a deep, long groove was etched on the sturdy stage.
The groove was about half a yard wide and 20 yards long. It drew a clear line between Dustin and the crowd, like a large trench that could not be passed. “If anyone dares cross this line, I shall show no mercy!” Dustin announced frostily.
That was his warning. If anyone did not fear death and decided to press on, he would not spare them. Seeing the mark scoured on the ground, all the martial artists were stunned. For a moment, all of them hesitated.
None dared to take the first move to go any further. Just a moment ago, adrenaline had surged within all of them. They had no time to consider the repercussions of their actions.
So when someone shouted for them to attack, they all followed suit. Now that they had a moment to calm down, it dawned on them just how fearsome Dustin was.
He was the one who had defeated the leader of Balerno martial arts alliance! They’d be seeking death if they just attacked him rashly!
“Why are you all just standing around? Go at him together and get rid of him!” Woody yelled from behind. No one could take on Dustin single- handedly.
But they had the numbers! They could charge at him simultaneously and wear him out. Once his internal energy was depleted, they could take him down.
“The Nephrite Sun is the best. You should take the lead.”
“I think you Skycranes are more valiant. You’re all so strong that each of you can take on 100 men.”
“Don’t Deathly Hurricane often boast about their powers? They should go ahead and test them!”
“Wait, you Combat Priests are trained to use the Adamantine Shield. You should lead the way.”
“We are priests. We do not take lives.”
Dustin’s sword had planted a seed of fear in all of them. They were all hesitant to challenge him and even began pushing others to go ahead first.
But in the end, no one dared to step forward.
###Chapter 1207 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1207
Dustin stood on the stage with his sword in hand. He alone was enough to intimidate all the other martial artists. They all stood around hesitantly, not daring to be the first ones to make a move.
But such a reaction from them angered Woody to no end.
“Hey! What are you all afraid of? Powerful as he may be, he’s just one person! “If you all attacked at once, you can easily slash him into pieces!”
Seeing that he failed to stir a reaction among them, Woody turned his attention to the leaders of the various guilds. He started calling them out one by one, “Sir Crane, Sir Williams, Father Orson, Sir Rosen, and Sir Bilmet.
“As leaders of the martial arts scene, you should stand up and be role models for the rest. Lead your disciples and get rid of the criminal!”
“Uh…” When they heard what Woody said, Theodore and the rest looked around awkwardly. They could hype others up and support the Martial Arts Union verbally. But they’d think twice about putting their lives on the line and fighting Dustin.
He had, after all, been capable of killing Ronald. Who was to say he wouldn’t be a threat to them too? If they took things too far, they might even lose their lives! So, things were awkward as they stood.
The regular martial artists were no threat to Dustin. Meanwhile, the experts treasured their lives too much to lead the battle. For a moment, things came to a standstill.
“What a disorderly bunch!” Woody was beyond frustrated. All these martial artists were undisciplined and unreliable. Had it been the enforcement team from the Martial Arts Union, they’d have carried out his orders without any hesitation.
As things stood, the only way out of their predicament was for him to personally take action. At that thought, a cold gleam appeared in Woody’s eyes. He nocked the arrow on the bow and drew the bowstring.
The arrowhead made of darksteel was aimed straight at Dustin’s heart. The bow creaked as the bowstring was drawn taut. The sound made one’s scalp crawl.
That was a custom-made bow that weighed ten thousand pounds. Regular martial artists would not be able to pull the bowstring. Not even if they used both their hands and feet and put in every ounce of their energy.
But Woody had drawn the bowstring so tight that the bow arched into a crescent shape. It was clear just how tremendous his strength was.
When Woody had drawn the bowstring as far as it could go, he released his hold on the arrow. It shot out like a bullet. The arrow launched toward Dustin’s chest with a momentum that could split the earth. The speed was so unbelievably fast that the arrow was nothing but a blur at best.
“What a powerful shot!”
All the expert martial artists were astonished by what they saw. None of them had expected such strength from Woody. It was no exaggeration to say that in an assault, this shot could kill a strong grandmaster!
As expected of a member of the Martial Arts Union! His skills were out of this world! Just as the arrow was about to hit its target, a figure descended from the sky.
The person landed right in front of Dustin, standing between him and the arrow. Then, he effortlessly pinched Woody’s arrow between his fingers. Due to the force of the impact, the arrow’s tail quivered wildly. It resembled the tail of a fish swimming against the currents.
But as it was trapped between the person’s fingers, the arrow remained where it was no matter how hard it shook.
“Decent shooting skills. Slightly lacking in strength, though.”
The person who had caught the arrow was a disheveled old man. He was crippled and blind in one eye and carried a hip flask around his waist.
He was unkempt and scruffy, looking like a beggar.
“What?”
Woody’s eyes twitched as an expression of bewilderment came over him.
He had put every bit of his energy into that shot. Besides, the tip of the arrow was made of darksteel and was exceptionally sharp. Not even someone who had reached grandmaster level dared to brave such a shot.
Never in his dreams had he ever expected a full-forced shot from him to be intercepted. And with just two fingers, at that!
Who the hell was that old man? And how could he be so powerful?
###Chapter 1208 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1208
Woody was not the only one surprised. Even Theodore and all the other martial artists present were shocked by what the one-eyed old man did.
Several of them were grandmasters with extraordinarily heightened senses. Nothing that went on around them went by undetected. However, none of them noticed the old man until he appeared before their eyes. It was beguiling indeed!
And the most terrifying part was that they did not sense the slightest energy waves coming from him. He looked just like any other old man. But how could an ordinary old man intercept Woody’s shot? That was clearly impossible!
There was only one possibility as to why they could not sense his powers. And that was because the old man’s powers were way beyond theirs!
“Who are you? How dare you meddle in the affairs of the Martial Arts Union?” Woody’s brow was knitted as he roared.
It was bad enough for them to have to deal with Dustin. It would only get increasingly difficult for them to deal with this elite expert who just popped up out of nowhere.
“What’s so great about the Martial Arts Union? Back when I left, none of you from the Martial Arts Union had been able to stop me,” the old man drawled as he picked his nose.
“How dare you?” Woody shot him a glare. “Who sent you, you loony old geezer? How dare you speak so boastfully? Do you have a death wish?”
“Boastful?”
The old man raised a brow as he picked out a dark piece of booger from his nose. Then, he flicked it at Woody. The piece of booger shot through a 100- yard distance and landed on Woody like a bullet.
With a loud explosion, Woody felt like he had been hit by a train. He was sent flying over ten yards away before he fell heavily to the ground like a sack of potatoes. Blood spilled out from his nose and his mouth. He shrieked in pain.
“What?” An uproar broke out among the onlookers. One had to be at least a grandmaster to be appointed as the leader of the Martial Arts Union.
But the old man had heavily wounded a grandmaster with just his booger? How unbelievable! Where did such a monster come from?
“Hey, brat, not even the head of the union, Cesar Fent, dares speak to me like that. Who the hell do you think you are?” The old man smiled menacingly.
Woody pounded on his chest as he coughed violently. There was an expression of incredulous fear on his face. “You… Who are you?”
A piece of the old man’s booger nearly took his life! How ridiculous! And most importantly, he did not fear the Martial Arts Union at all! He even addressed the head of the union by name!
If there was anything that Woody was sure of, it was that this old man wasn’t an ordinary old man. “Listen up, I go by the name Dobson Manier!” the old man announced as he continued picking his nose.
“Dobson Manier?”
Woody was taken aback when he heard the name. Then, his expression changed soon after. He looked terrified, and there was a tremble in his voice.
“You… You… You can’t be the ultimate grandmaster who spread chaos in Oakvale back then, can you? You’re…. the Drunken Maniac?”
Dobson Manier was known as the Tipsy Warrior. And because of how much he loved his alcohol, he was also called the Drunken Maniac. A decade ago, an unexpected event occurred in the City of Aylka, in Oakvale.
That night, every member of the Martial Arts Union was dispatched. Cesar Fent had personally led all of them to capture several criminals. The Drunken Maniac had been one of them.
Those from the Martial Arts Union had expected an easy fight. They thought they could complete their mission breezily. However, the moment they engaged in battle, they realized just how sorely wrong they had been.
The union had suffered a terrible defeat in that battle. Cesar was severely wounded, and the vice-head had lost his life. All the elders, guardians, and the leaders were either heavily injured or killed.
That was the only defeat the Martial Arts Union had ever experienced since its founding. It also became a taboo that was never brought up ever again.
So when Woody heard that he was the Drunken Maniac, nightmarish memories of what had happened that night hit him like a wave.
He began to tremble uncontrollably.
###Chapter 1209 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1209
Woody was scared out of his wits. He trembled in fear. The Drunken Maniac’s appearance had unleashed his deepest, darkest fear. Ten years ago, he was just a small fry in the Martial Arts Union.
He was full of fighting spirit the night he received the mission to capture the criminals. Beyond excited, he thought that would be his one chance to prove himself. He was going to make a name for himself.
But it wasn’t until they reached the battlefield that he realized how cruel reality was. He saw with his own eyes how his comrades were shredded into pieces.
He saw how his leader was beheaded. And he saw how all the experts he had looked up to were murdered. They had all been utterly defenseless against their opponents and were killed upon contact.
He was thoroughly traumatized by the bloody and gory scenes that had unfolded before his eyes. To this very day, those scenes still haunt his every nightmare. He would shake involuntarily every time he was reminded of what happened.
The fact was, he had only survived that night due to pure luck. At the most critical moment, he got the brilliant idea to feign death. So he dropped to the ground and played dead. And that was how he had made it out alive.
Though he was promoted after the battle, he was scared out of his wits. He lost all the ambition he had when he started.
He had thought that he’d finally gotten over those nightmares and that they would never appear anymore. But now, the murder machine from his memories appeared before him again. All the terrifying memories from before seemed to awaken within him, stirring up all his hidden fears.
“What? The Drunken Maniac? This grubby old man is the Drunken Maniac?
“How’s that possible? Isn’t he dead?”
“My goodness! If news gets out that the Drunken Maniac is still alive and in Balerno, the entire Dragonmarsh will descend into chaos!”
“Who is the Drunken Maniac? Is he very powerful?”
“Well, but of course! The Drunken Maniac’s an ultimate grandmaster! He’s one of the top ten greatest martial artists in the entire martial world!
“He’s someone right at the pinnacle! Do you think he’s powerful?”
“Damn! He’s that great? Wouldn’t he basically be invincible if he’s one of the top ten greatest martial artists?” At that moment, Woody was not the only one scared.
After learning about who the Drunken Maniac was, all the experts from the various guilds looked at him in awe and admiration.
Even the haughtiest and proudest among them had no choice but to show respect to such a formidable person. To them, an ultimate grandmaster of such level was no longer a mere mortal. Instead, he was more like a God who held their lives in his hands.
“Hey, you. “the Drunken Maniac called out to Woody. That scared him so much that his legs gave way, and he fell to his knees.
He shivered as he begged, “Lord Drunken Maniac, I was blind! I didn’t know who you were. Please don’t take it to heart, and I hope you find it in you to forgive my unintentional offense!”
Still on his knees, he hung his head low. He looked flustered and frightened to the core. “Huh?” The Drunken Maniac raised a brow as he looked at Woody with a peculiar expression.
All he did was call out to him. Why was he so scared? Were people from the Martial Arts Union such scaredy-cats these days?
“Alright! I’m in a good mood today, so I’ll let you go just this once.”
The Drunken Maniac waved his hand as he continued calmly, “Go back and convey my message to Cesar Fent. Tell him to be careful and watch his back. Now, take your men and get lost!”
“Yes, sir! We’ll be off right away!”
Woody nodded in gratitude as he sped off with his men without looking back. Wise men submit to circumstances. A wounded ego and bruised pride was nothing if it meant he could get away with his life.
Besides, few could live with their ego and pride intact in the presence of the Drunken Maniac. “Do any of you have anything to say about me defending this young man here?”
After getting rid of Woody and his men, the Drunken Maniac turned his gaze to those from the guilds. That sent a wave of panic among them.
None of them had expected Dustin to be backed by such a powerful person. It was no wonder he was so powerful at such a young age. So it turned out he had an ultimate grandmaster teaching him in private.
“Why have you all gone mute now? Weren’t you all waving your weapons about, ready to challenge me?”
The Drunken Maniac picked at his nose again. He pulled out a piece of booger and toyed with it between his fingers.
###Chapter 1210 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1210
His absent-minded actions carried a certain sense of authority. After all, that piece of booger held enough power to give a grandmaster a lethal blow. “Lord Drunken Maniac, it was all a misunderstanding. We do not mean to offend you.”
The guildmaster of the Deathly Hurricane was quick to react. He quickly showed his respect. “He’s right! We were only taking orders from the Martial Arts Union! We had no choice!
“Please forgive us, Lord Drunken Maniac,” the leader of the Starry Arches immediately followed suit and apologized.
“Hey! Why are you all just standing there? Put your weapons down! I’ll make you pay if you hurt Rhys in any way!”
The leader of the Nephrite Sun took things to another level. He berated all the martial artists around him, pretending to protect Dustin.
The rest of them finally snapped back to the present as they put their weapons away. All the tension in the air instantly dissipated. Even the leader of the Martial Arts Union had run away. Who else dared to act up with the Drunken Maniac still there?
Suddenly, Emery stood up. He said, ” Lord Drunken Maniac, what happened today was a mistake. As the assistant leader of Balerno martial arts alliance, I cannot escape the blame.
“To express my apology, I would like to nominate Grandmaster Rhys as the new leader of the alliance!”
A clamor broke out at that.
“What? Dustin as the next leader? Is he for real?” “The martial world has always been ruled by whoever is most powerful. I see no problem in Dustin becoming the next leader as he was the one who had defeated Ronald Reeds.”
“There’s no questioning how powerful he is. But he lacks experience. Nothing good will ever come of a leader that young.”
“That’s right! He’s merciless and lacks empathy! The entire Balerno martial world will be in trouble if he becomes the next leader!”
Emery’s suggestion brought a series of comments and whispers among the crowd. As many of them who agreed to it, there were just as many who disagreed. Many of the senior members of major guilds, especially, frowned in displeasure.
The martial world wasn’t all about killing and fighting. There were a lot of customs and interpersonal relationships that came into play.
Just because he was powerful did not mean he could lead the alliance. Instead, they needed someone adaptable who was willing to work for the benefit of the majority. From their point of view, Dustin was too young to possess such capability.
“Please calm down, everyone.” Emery gestured with his hands for everyone to settle down. Then, he continued, “This is a suggestion that I made after careful consideration. The martial arts alliance is in shambles now, and we are in dire need of young blood.
“Only a talented person like Grandmaster Rhys can turn things around and lead the alliance to glory!”
“I agree!” Josie suddenly raised her hand. She shouted, “Not only is Grandmaster Rhys young and talented, he’s also powerful! There’s no one more suited for the position than him.
“I’m in full support of Grandmaster Rhys taking up the position of the alliance leader!”
“We are in full support of the notion, too!” Several young martial artists stood out to express their thoughts. Young and passionate, they believed that strength was supreme.
Since Dustin had defeated Ronald, he had every right to be the next leader of the alliance.
“What? Are there only so few in support of the suggestion? Are the rest of you mutes?” the Drunken Maniac asked.
As he spoke, his gaze swept across all the leaders of the various guilds. They were all so frightened that they broke out in cold sweat.
“Grandmaster Rhys has proven himself, and we have all witnessed his capability. He has more than what it takes to be the next leader of the alliance!”
“That’s right! There is no other like Grandmaster Rhys, and no one else even comes close to what he is capable of. I fully support him!”
“The alliance cannot be without a leader. All of us are in support of Grandmaster Rhys becoming the next leader!”
Under the pressure exerted on them by the Drunken Maniac, all the leaders of the guilds saw no other way than to agree. No matter how much they disagreed deep inside, they could only comply.
“Sir Rhys, from now onwards, you shall lead the Balerno martial world!”
Emery was quick to react, addressing Dustin as ‘Sir Rhys’ right away. Then, he bowed to Dustin in a show of his support.
“All hail Sir Rhys!”
Josie cried out as she pumped her fist into the air.
“All hail Sir Rhys!”
The rest of the martial artists also raised their fists as they shouted in unison. Their voices echoed all around, reaching the sky and causing the ground to rumble.
###Chapter 1211 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1211
The Drunken Maniac’s presence brought about a major change of events. Just the previous second, Dustin had been the collective enemy of the entire alliance. And the next second, he was nominated as the alliance leader, to be revered by all.
For a moment, things seemed to be looking up for him. But Dustin remained expressionless. He looked on coldly at all the martial artists who were acting respectfully to him.
There was not the slightest hint of excitement or joy in his eyes. It all looked ridiculously ironic to him how things were.
Apart from a handful of righteous ones among them, most of the remaining martial artists were fence-sitters who shifted their allegiance based on the circumstances.
They had just been clamoring to slay him moments ago. And now, they were all cheering for him. Their instant change in attitude was ridiculous to him.
As for the position of the alliance leader, he had absolutely no interest in it. He had challenged Ronald solely for revenge and to seek justice.
“My abilities are limited. I’m afraid I do not have what it takes to be the leader of the Balerno martial arts alliance. You should pick someone else,” Dustin announced, turning down the position. Everyone was stunned when they heard that. None of them had expected it from Dustin. Was he joking?
To be appointed as the alliance leader was an honor that many of them could only dream of ever having. It was the ultimate pursuit of all martial artists.
It signified not only a person’s status and identity but also unparalleled authority. Countless leaders of different guilds and martial experts longed for that ultimate position.
But not only did Dustin not appreciate the fortune that fell upon him, he even turned it down! Was he even thinking straight?
“Grandmaster Rhys, you’re the only person in the whole of Balerno who’s fit to take the position.” Emery was dumbfounded.
Had he not challenged Ronald for fame, power, and authority? He would be in a supreme position as long as he took up the role! He could have everything he ever wanted!
“Yes, Grandmaster Rhys, you’re a front -runner for all of us young martial artists. No one else is better fit to assume the position!” Josie persuaded. She greatly admired Dustin, so she hoped that he could take the position.
He was now just one step away from it. All Dustin had to do was accept it, and the position would be his. He would be respected by all. What was there not to like about it?
“I appreciate the gesture, but I have no interest in taking up the position of the alliance leader.”
Dustin shook his head lightly as his gaze fell on Emery. “Sir Williamson is capable and prestigious. He’s more suited for the position than I am.
“I think you’re the best candidate for the position of the alliance leader.”
“Well…” Emery showed a torn expression on the surface when he was actually overjoved deep down. Of course, he yearned to be the leader of the alliance! But Dustin’s performance earlier on had been too remarkable.
Besides, he had an ultimate grandmaster, the Drunken Maniac, backing him up. No matter how great Emery’s ambition for the position was, he dared not contend against Dustin for it.
Hence, he had gone with the flow and did Dustin a favor by nominating him as leader. What he had not expected was that Dustin would reject it!
What a surprise!
“Hey, kid, the title of the alliance leader is not entirely useless. Are you sure you don’t want to give it more thought?” the Drunken Maniac yawned as he asked Dustin.
“No. I have no time to busy myself with affairs of the martial world.”
Dustin could not be bothered to waste more time on pointless talking. He began rummaging through Ronald’s dead body. Very soon, he found a gold bead.
It was the Celestial Pearl! It was a sacred relic of the martial world. Dustin would never let a treasure like that slip past his fingers. After all, it could speed up his cultivation.
He was sure that with the aid of the Celestial Pearl, he would soon reach the level of ultimate grandmaster. Then, he would finally be able to put his plan for revenge into fruition.
“Oh? What a treasure!” The Drunken Maniac was surprised to see the Celestial Pearl.
###Chapter 1212 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1212
“Let’s go, Drunken Maniac. Let’s get a drink together.”
After putting the Celestial Pearl away safely, Dustin ignored the rest of them and walked down the stage with the Celestial Blade in hand. The crowd made way for him wherever he went.
Dustin’s incredible performance today had gained everyone’s respect. Many of them could not understand why he refused to be the leader of the alliance. But, for now, it seemed like a good thing.
That was especially so with all the guildmasters dying and ready to fight for the position. An upheaval was bound to happen in the martial world. And it will happen soon.
“Oh, right…”
Dustin stopped in his tracks at the thought of something. He turned to look straight at Quincey. “I almost forgot. I’ve got this pain to deal with.”
“You … What do you want?” Quincey’s expression changed immediately as panic flashed in his eyes.
“From the moment I set foot here, you’ve been dying to kill me. I’m afraid I won’t be able to get any sleep knowing that such a threat is roaming free.” Dustin looked at him coldly.
They were now sworn enemies. Letting Quincey walk away with his life today would inevitably spell trouble for him in the future.
“You … You … You better not act rashly. I’m an elder of the alliance!” Quincey was obviously flustered. He took several steps back.
He had kept silent the whole time, trying to lay low and make it out with his life. Unfortunately, Dustin had not forgotten about him.
“I’ve just killed the leader of the alliance. What more a mere elder?”
Dustin smirked before sending a needle flying with a flick of his finger. Quick as a flash, it buried itself between Quincey’s brows.
“You-”
Quincey opened his mouth to say something. But suddenly, his body shook briefly, and he stiffened. Then, a drop of blood oozed out from between his brows.
The very next second, all life seemed to be sucked out of Quincey as he collapsed to the ground lifelessly. His eyes were opened wide, and absolute fear and hatred were etched on his face. A few of Quincey’s underlings were scared out of their wits at what they just witnessed. They dropped to their knees and began begging for their lives.
Dustin simply ignored them and turned to look at Theodore. He had a serious killing intent in his eyes. Theodore and the rest of them instantly got anxious. It was as though they were facing a fearsome enemy.
If Dustin was out to get revenge against them, they would have no choice but to give their all and fight to the death.
“Relax, I’m not going to kill you guys. But that’s only because someone out there has already called dibs. So before your worst nightmare comes knocking, you better take good care of yourselves. With that ambiguous warning, Dustin turned and left without claiming their lives.
It was not that he was being merciful to spare them. But Abigail will have to be the one to take their lives. She would be the one to avenge her father and make them pay dearly for what they did to him.
The day that Abigail returned would be the day these hypocrites paid with their lives. Dustin left them with nothing but his cold, retreating figure. However, the commotion that he stirred up lasted for a long time.
“It’s such a pity that Mr. Rhys didn’t take up the position. He missed out on a great opportunity to make a name for himself internationally,” Lyn exclaimed.
She admired Dustin for his abilities and his moralities. He drew a clear line between friends and enemies and was unmoved by fame and fortune. It was truly rare to find someone of his integrity. However, he was very much a lone wolf due to his lack of wants.
“No, you’re wrong. Dustin did not miss out on an opportunity. He simply could not be bothered by it.” Josie said, standing to the side. Her burning gaze was full of admiration.
“It might be an honor beyond reach for others, but for Dustin, it’s just something within easy reach. And such is the difference between regular people and a person marked out for success!
“Besides, after today, his reputation as a young grandmaster will certainly be made known worldwide! So there is no need for him to prove anything or to drum up support.
“He does not need any title that comes with becoming the leader of the alliance. For Dustin is already an uncrowned king!”
###Chapter 1213 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1213 
“Hey kid, how was it? I came at just the right time, didn’t I?” On the car ride back, the Drunken Maniac crossed his legs leisurely while chugging on a bottle of alcohol.
“They couldn’t have done anything to me even if you hadn’t come.” Dustin shrugged. “Oh, come on. Quit acting strong.” The Drunken Maniac gave him a quick once over before he pursed his lips.
“You used the secret Rhys technique to forcibly boost your cultivation. Now that the time is up, there’s bound to be a recoil. Had I not shown up in time, you’d probably have died here today.”
Though the secret Rhys technique allowed one to forcibly boost their cultivation, there was a huge price to pay for it.
It could deplete one’s vitality or greatly weaken the person’s body. If the person who used it was captured by his foes in his weakest state, it was highly likely that he might die.
“Pretty observant, old man.”
Dustin chuckled. Seeing that there was no point hiding things any longer, he pulled a silver needle out of the back of his head. Instantly, he looked like a deflated balloon, completely drained of all the energy that had held him up.
What had once been a powerful aura from him, now completely dissipated, leaving him frail and worn out. Dustin panted in exhaustion. Beads of sweat formed on his forehead. His face was drained of color. His eyes were bloodshot, and his limbs were sore and powerless. Extreme fatigue took over him.
As the Drunken Maniac had said, the secret Rhys technique could forcibly heighten one’s powers, but it came with extreme adverse reactions. Dustin would never have used it if it had not been to kill Ronald.
“Here, have some liquor to boost your strength.”
The Drunken Maniac passed the bottle of alcohol that he held in his hands to Dustin. Dustin took it and gulped a mouthful of its contents.
As the liquor slid down his throat, he felt a slight burning sensation. And along with the burning sensation, he felt his weakened body gain some nourishment from it. Clearly, there were some other components in the alcohol.
“Hey, kid, I need to tell you something. The Drunken Maniac yawned as he settled back into the seat. “I have an old friend who’s ran into some trouble. I’ll need to leave for some time.”
“Leave? Where to?” Dustin was perplexed.
“Oakvale.” That was all the Drunken Maniac said.
“Oakvale?” Dustin’s brow creased slightly. “With your sensitive identity, I’m afraid you might run into complications there.”
Though what happened ten years ago had already subsided, his enemies from back then were still around. If he let slip his identity, there was no doubt they’d be out to get him.
“I’m Dobson Manier. When have I ever been afraid of trouble? You underestimate me,” he said airily,
“When will you be leaving?” Dustin asked.
“I’d rather be early than be late. So I’ll leave today,” the Drunken Maniac answered.
“So rushed?” Dustin frowned.
“A life is at stake. I cannot afford to dawdle.”
The Drunken Maniac stretched lazily. Then, thinking of something, he pulled out a bottle of pills and handed it to Dustin.
“It’s your birthday tomorrow. Here. This is my precious gift for you.”
“Oh? Since when were you so generous? Dustin was surprised by the act. “Who knows when I’ll be back again once I leave? I’ve got to at least leave you with something,” the Drunken Maniac said.
“What’s in there?” Dustin asked curiously. Half of his medical skills came from the Drunken Maniac, while the other half came from his research on a wide range of ancient manuscripts.
“This is called Vigoritum. It’s my very own secret formula. It can boost your abilities in a certain aspect.
“It serves to revive a man’s vigor, and its effects are outstanding! There is none other like it in the world!” the Drunken Maniac boasted proudly.
“No, but why are you giving me this?” Dustin was taken aback. He had thought that they were some rare medicinal pills. But it turned out that they were aphrodisiacs!
“Well, you’ve been married for a couple of years now, and I still don’t see a baby coming along. You must be having some problems in that aspect. I figured these would serve you well,” the Drunken Maniac said matter-of-factly.
###Chapter 1214 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1214
“Old man! What nonsense! You’re the one incapable in that area! I am a champion at that!” Dustin was a little flustered. He got too emotional, and as a result, he started gasping heavily as he spoke. With his pale face, he was the very picture of being weak.
“Fine, you’re the champion. I know that already. Don’t get too excited.” The Drunken Maniac nodded his head indifferently in an attempt to pacify him.
“Regardless, this is a very rare piece of treasure. Just keep it for emergencies, alright?” He slid the bottle of medicine into Dustin’s pocket as he spoke.
“You-” Dustin felt insulted. As he was about to explode, he started coughing violently.
“It’s alright. Stop talking. I get what you’re trying to say.” The Drunken Maniac gave Dustin a pat on the back. He then turned and said, “I have to leave now. I still have a flight to catch. Remember to take the medicine on time so you’ll have a child soon!”
With that said, the Drunken Maniac disappeared in a flash. “Take care, old man.” Through his car window, Dustin’s gaze became complicated as he watched the Drunken Maniac’s hunchbacked silhouette move further away.
All good things must come to an end. When he cured the Drunken Maniac’s Celestial Decay, Dustin knew he would eventually leave.
He had his own goal to accomplish, and the Drunken Maniac had his as well. They had different lives, and the paths to be taken would also be different. He could only wish him well silently.
After a short break, Dustin and Cornelius went back to Zephyr Lodge. As soon as they arrived at the entrance, they saw a group of the Kirin Gang members getting busy decorating the house’s exterior.
Natasha and Scarlet were in the house, supervising the decoration on the inside. They paid attention to the most minute details, hoping to make it flawless. They were still at war with each other before this. However, they were now working together in perfect sync.
“Natasha, Scarlet, what are you doing? “Dustin walked into the house, looking curious. “Dustin, you’re back.” Scarlet turned in surprise and walked over quickly to welcome him.
She said smilingly, “It’s your birthday tomorrow. I’m thinking about how to best decorate the house. Are you happy with it?”
“It’s just a birthday. Do we have to make it this grand?” Dustin looked around and realized that Zephyr Lodge appeared as if it had been renovated.
“This is nothing. If I had more time, I would have demolished this place and built a new one.” Scarlet replied seriously.
Dustin was speechless, and the corner of his mouth twitched. From his understanding of her personality, he knew that Scarlet was capable of doing that.
“Dear, it’s different now. You’re the leader of the Kirin Gang. We must give you a grand birthday celebration to show it.” Natasha said with a smile.
“Why can’t we just eat together? Why do we have to do all this?” Dustin’s head started hurting. When Scarlet mentioned his birthday celebration, he had already told her he’d like to keep it private. Nevertheless, she got a little too excited.
“Of course, we’ll all eat together in splendor. We can’t let Tyler Grant steal the limelight,” Natasha added.
“Hold on. What has this got to do with him?” Dustin was confused.
“Don’t you know? Tyler and Kate are getting engaged tomorrow. They’ve already invited a lot of people for a grand celebration. We can’t be losing out.” Natasha replied with a determined look.
Natasha couldn’t forgive Tyler for breaking her family apart. Thus, she wanted to use this opportunity to diminish the influence of the Grant family.
“Is that so? Tyler and Kate are getting engaged? Looks like they’re destined to be together,” Dustin commented with raised eyebrows.
He wasn’t very interested initially. However, his desire to win was somehow ignited when Tyler was involved.
Tyler had been playing tricks behind him because of the treasure map. It looked like it was time to finally conclude their deepening feud.
###Chapter 1215 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1215
“Ever since a new leader took over the Harmon family, the family bowed to the Grant family. They even took over the Harmon family’s properties.
I think Tyler Grant will show his true colors soon after the engagement.” Natasha’s expression became serious.
The dispute within the Harmon family brought about bad blood among the brothers. Families were now enemies. It was a serious crisis in the family.
Fortunately, she foresaw this. She had transferred the properties under her name to Oakvale. By doing so, she had protected some of the family’s foundation.
“Natasha, speaking of the Harmon family, what does your father think of all this?” Dustin asked. With Hector’s network and reputation, he had a high chance of winning if hedecided to fight back.
“My father is still trying his best to salvage the situation. He’s trying to talk some sense into my uncles. However, I don’t think it’s working.” Natasha shook her head. Her father was a good man. Too good to a fault, in fact.
He was a sentimental person and kept making compromises. All because he didn’t want to antagonize his brothers. As the feud continued, the family was slowly falling apart.
“Looks like your father still has his concerns. However, he must be decisive and ruthless to resolve the issue,” Dustin advised.
It was a good thing that he respected the relationship with his brothers. However, the situation would only worsen if he kept giving in.
“I hope that my father comes to this realization soon,” Natasha said with a complicated expression. She could turn the tide in her father’s favor. The only problem was that her father didn’t want to fight.
“Oh, and…” Natasha suddenly remembered something and took out an exquisite sachet from her bag. She gave it to Dustin. “It’s your birthday tomorrow, and this is a gift from my father.”
“Please give him my thanks.” Dustin flashed her a smile.
“Open it and take a look.” Natasha gave him a look. “Now?” After gaining her approval, Dustin untied the sachet slowly. From inside, he took out a carefully preserved piece of parchment. He unfurled the parchment and saw a mysterious but incomplete drawing on it.
“Natasha, what’s this?” Dustin was a little astounded. “This is the Harmon family heirloom, the treasure map. This is also what Tyler Grant is after. Now, my father has gifted it to you.” Natasha smiled.
“What? The family treasure map?” Dustin was stunned and immediately waved his hands.
“No way, this is too much! I can’t accept this!”
The Harmon family treasure was a gold mine, and it could potentially alter the course of events. The value of this treasure map was unimaginable.
“It’s just an incomplete piece of the original treasure map. My father sees no point in keeping it.
“He thought it’d be better to give it to you. You might have a better chance at finding the other missing pieces.” Natasha smiled.
“Natasha, this is your family heirloom. How could I possibly accept it?” Dustin shook his head again.
“My father has thought long and hard about it before giving it to you.”
Natasha explained, “With his current ability, he wouldn’t be able to keep this map safe for long. Tyler might steal it from him.
“Instead of losing the treasured map to an overly ambitious person, he wanted to give it to someone who is reliable to safeguard this map.”
“Well…” Dustin hesitated. Hector saw the treasure map as something more important than his life. Giving him the map meant that Hector had full confidence in him. Simultaneously, Dustin felt a heavy burden on him.
“That’s enough. Please don’t refuse the gift. This is a sincere gift from my father. Just accept it. It might be useful to you in the future.” Natasha smiled as she shoved the map into Dustin’s hands.
“Alright then. I’ll keep it safe on behalf of your father. I’ll return it to him when the Harmon family is at peace again.” Dustin finally nodded.
Hector gave him the treasure map because he trusted him. He also hoped that the treasure map would be used for the benefit of others.
It was night. Tyler was playing chess alone in his study in the Grants’ mansion.
###Chapter 1216 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1216
Trent and Kate stood beside him meekly. They didn’t dare to make any noise, and they appeared pitiful.
When they were captured by the Dark Panther Cavalry, they were released in just two days. From what they could deduce, Tyler must have convinced the Scarlet Warrior to let them go.
This was enough to prove that they had placed their loyalty on the right person. “Our engagement is tomorrow. Is everything ready?” Tyler finally spoke after finishing one round of chess.
“Well…” Trent’s expression froze when he heard that, and he instinctively looked at his daughter.
“Tyler, we almost succeeded. But Dustin Rhys, that bastard, ruined our plan and captured us.” Kate cursed as she explained.
“That’s enough. I don’t want to hear excuses.” Tyler threw them an icy glance. He continued, “I want to see results, not the process. According to our deal, you’ll get me the treasure map, and I’ll give you my support to rise to power.
“After that, we’ll unite our families by marriage and achieve greatness together. I’ve held up my end of the promise. What about you?”
“Tyler, we tried our best. Could you please give us a few more days? I promise I’ll get the treasure map for you!” Trent said confidently.
“That’s right, Tyler. With a few more days, we can definitely fulfill our promise to you!” Kate nodded.
“I hate people who can’t keep their word. The deal was to get me the treasure map before the engagement.
“If you can’t do that, tomorrow’s engagement will be canceled. From then on, we’ll have nothing to do with each other.” Tyler said without any expression.
“Huh?” Trent and Kate paled when they heard that. The situation in the Harmon family was very volatile as everyone was ready to pounce on each other to gain power.
Without the Grant family’s protection, they would lose the dominance they had just secured very soon.
“Tyler! It can’t be canceled!” Kate was a little anxious. She quickly reassured Tyler. “Please give us another chance. We can definitely get the treasure map!”
She finally got the chance to marry into an extremely wealthy family and become the wife of a general. She wouldn’t give it up so easily. She’d do anything to defend her current status regardless of the cost.
“Talk is cheap. I want results.” Tyler replied calmly. “You still have tonight. Don’t say I didn’t warn you when you can’t produce the treasure map before the engagement party tomorrow.”
“Not a problem! We’ll get to it right away!” Kate nodded eagerly. She was left with no choice; she must gamble.
“Alright, then. Don’t disappoint me.” Tyler waved his hand to dismiss them. “Of course.” Trent and Kate didn’t hesitate and quickly left.
After they left the study, Trent was a little distressed. He lamented, “Kate, we only have tonight. How are we going to get the treasure map?” They had. tried so many ways but to no avail. It’d be more difficult now.
“Dad! We can’t keep playing nice. It’s time we bring out the real guns. If we miss this opportunity, we’ll never live this down.” Kate said with a vicious gaze.
“The real guns? What do you mean?” Trent suddenly felt uneasy. “We’ll abduct and torture Uncle Hector. We’ll force him to surrender the treasure map.” Kate said, looking murderous.
“Torture?” Trent frowned.
He continued, “Kate, he’s your uncle and our family. It’s a bad idea.”
Even though they had been in a feud, no one had crossed the line. They were brothers, after all. He didn’t have the heart to actually kill them.
“Dad! We’re running out of time! If we don’t do it this way, we’ll never get the treasure map!”
With a terrifying expression, Kate continued, “Every man for himself! We’re this close to succeeding. We can’t let all our efforts go in vain. “The ends justify the means. This is our only chance. We have to give it all we’ve got!”
Trent fell silent when he heard that. After a while, he nodded heavily. “It’s for your sake and for the sake of our future. We’ll have to disown our family!
###Chapter 1217 by Marina Vittori
Trent had already lost his son. He didn’t want to sacrifice his daughter’s happiness and future as well. As such, he wouldn’t mind being the bad guy, even if it meant betraying his brother.
“Dad! I knew you had it in you!” Kate was very happy when Trent agreed to her plan. “I believe we can solve any issue when we work together as father and daughter!”
Everything else would fall into place once she had convinced her father. “Kate, I accept your idea on one condition. You can’t put your uncle’s life in danger.” Trent gave her a stern warning.
“Don’t worry, Dad. I’m only doing it for the treasure map. If Uncle Hector surrenders the map to us, I won’t hurt him, of course,” Kate promised immediately.
However, if he refused to cooperate, they couldn’t blame her if she decided to be inhumane.
“Very well, I feel a lot better with your guarantee.” Trent nodded.
He continued, “Anyway, we still have another problem. There’s a very competent martial artist protecting Hector in secret. With our capabilities now, the chances of succeeding are slim.”
If they had more time, he could have hired a martial arts master to help them. But it was obviously too late now.
“Dad, I know of someone who should be able to help us,” Kate said suddenly. “Really? Who is it?” Trent was a little curious.
“Vlad Grant!” Kate said with a smile.
“Vlad? Isn’t he a trust-fund baby? How would he help us?” Trent frowned slightly.
Vlad might be Tyler’s brother, but he wasn’t as competent and powerful as Tyler. The brothers were as different as night and day.
“Dad, you underestimated him.” Kate shook her head. She added, “Vlad might not be like Tyler, but he’s very well-connected.
“In addition to knowing a lot of martial arts masters, he has a huge following in the martial world. Abducting Uncle Hector will not be a problem with his help!”
“What do you plan to do?” Trent wanted to know.
“A magician never reveals their secret! Kate gave him a mysterious smile and said, “Dad, why don’t you rest in the living room. I’ll be back soon.”
She left as soon as she said that. After half an hour, Kate knocked on Vlad’s door with a plate of steaming ravioli in her hands.
“Kate, what brings you here?” Vlad’s eyes lit up as soon as he opened the door. Kate was very pretty as she inherited the good genes of the Harmon family. Her looks and physique were exquisite. For a hot-blooded young man, she was definitely a huge temptation.
“Vlad, I heard that you were injured yesterday. I came here to see you.” Kate flashed him a seductive smile and walked into his room without waiting for his invitation.
She put down the plate of ravioli and cutlery on the table and said, “I think you look hungry? Here, I made these myself. Come try it.”
“Is that so? I must really savor it then.” Vlad immediately sat down with a grin and started stuffing his face.
He kept his eyes on his future sister-in- law as he ate the ravioli. He appeared very greedy as he looked at Kate’s voluptuous body up and down with his burning gaze.
“How do you like the dish?” Kate acted as if nothing was happening and smiled brightly as she sat beside Vlad.
“It’s really good! You make really good ravioli!” Vlad nodded vigorously with a face filled with anticipation. Since they were sitting closely, he could clearly smell Kate’s fragrance. It was very irresistible.
“I’m happy that you like it. I’ll make more when I’m free.” Kate said with a smile.
“Thank you, Kate!” Vlad swallowed his saliva as his eyes shone brightly.
###Chapter 1218 by Marina Vittori
He had seen many pretty women. However, he had never met a vixen like Kate. She knew how to flaunt her charm to its peak.
The most important thing was this exceptional beauty before him was his future sister-in-law. The real abyss of desire was the excitement of committing the forbidden. It was tempting. Kate suddenly let out a sad sigh.
“What’s the matter? Is there anything bothering you?” Vlad asked. “It’s nothing. Please enjoy your meal. It’s just a small issue. It’s nothing.” Kate forced a smile, pretending to be reluctant.
It would be very suspicious if she asked for help directly. But, if the other party insisted on finding out, it’d be a different scenario.
“Kate, we’re family. Please tell me if something is troubling you. I’ll definitely help!” Vlad appeared to be very sincere, placing a hand on his chest.
“It’s fine. You’re injured. I shouldn’t trouble you.” Kate shook her head pitifully.
“Kate! What are you talking about?” Vlad put down his fork. He said unhappily, “What do you mean trouble me? Are you looking down on me or what? Do you think I’m useless and couldn’t help you?”
“Oh no, I didn’t mean that.” Kate waved her hand.
“Kate, if you think of me as family, please tell me what’s on your mind. As your brother-in-law, I promise I will make sure your problem is properly resolved,” Vlad said confidently.
“Vlad, will you really help me?” Kate appeared extremely touched. “Of course! You’re my sister-in-law. I will always help you!” Vlad said candidly.
“Please don’t make fun of me when I tell you my problem. It’s actually related to Uncle Hector.”
Kate sighed and continued, “Even though my father is the family’s head, Uncle Hector holds the real power. My uncle is overly ambitious and deceptive. He has always wanted to be the head.
“He has tried all the tricks in the book and used a lot of despicable maneuvers to rise to power. He doesn’t see us as his family at all.
“My father is kind and would never be able to fight my uncle. He is left with no choice. He cries every day and has even considered suicide.
“I could feel his pain as a daughter. However, I’m weak and can’t rise against my uncle. I could only be patient and hope for the best.” When she finished speaking, Kate let out a long and sorrowful sigh.
“Hmph! This Uncle Hector of yours is too shameless. He’s worse than a dog!” Vlad slammed his hand on the table in anger. He was indignant.
“I’ll let the bygones be bygones. However, my uncle is getting worse lately.” Kate continued to add fuel to the fire and made herself the victim.
“My uncle stole our family heirloom and used it to threaten my father to surrender his position as the family head.
“If we don’t get the family heirloom back, death will be my father’s only option. We have no one else to turn to!” Kate started sobbing as she spoke.
Her pitiful appearance with teary eyes was truly heart-wrenching. Vlad’s instinct to protect was immediately ignited. He stood up suddenly and said with conviction, “Kate, don’t you worry! I’ll take care of this for you!
“I’ll send someone to capture Hector Harmon and interrogate him. I will make him surrender the family heirloom and deliver justice to you!”
“Vlad, my uncle is cunning and is protected by a competent martial arts master year-round. It’s very difficult to capture him,” Kate sighed.
“Hmph! He’s only a despicable man! I never saw him as a worthy opponent!” Vlad said proudly. He continued, “Kate, you wait for my good news at home. I’ll give you a very satisfying answer tonight!”
With that, Vlad walked out the door, full of confidence.
“Vlad, please be careful,” Kate shouted, feigning concern. The smile on the corner of her lips was slowly showing.
Men were truly animals that thought with their lower bodies. She had easily riled him up.
###Chapter 1219 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1219
It was late at night. The crescent moon shone with a faint silver glow as a black car stopped in front of the Grant mansion.
Vlad was the first to get out as the door swung open. He quickly directed his men as they carried a huge burlap sack and rushed into the house.
Silently and discreetly, they made their way to a secret room. These were the lupine guards of the Grant family, and the secret room was a place for interrogation.
“Open it!” Vlad ordered as he sat on a chair, pouring himself a glass of wine. One of the men deftly tore through the sack with a knife.
Out tumbled a man, his hair disheveled and wounds visible across his body. It was Hector!
“Old man. do vou know who I am?”
Vlad asked with an icy gaze, swirling the wine in his glass.
“Are you Vlad Grant?” Hector took a careful look at him. He was quick to notice that something was amiss.
“Hey! You’re quite smart. You actually know me.”
Vlad took a huge gulp of wine and said coldly, “Since you already know who I am, this will be easy. Hand over the treasure map, and I’ll spare you.”
“Treasure map? Ha!” Hector burst out laughing. “Has your patience finally worn thin? I thought you wouldn’t want to risk your reputation and reveal yourself.”
Tyler had been careful while working meticulously to get his hands on the map. He didn’t come for the map personally, as he had his own considerations. Plus, he was trying to keep his motives hidden from prying eyes.
From the looks of it, the Grant family couldn’t wait any longer. “Enough with the nonsense! Surrender the treasure map now or suffer!” Vlad shouted.
“The treasure map is the Harmon family’s most prized possession. Why would I give it to thugs like you?” Hector shot back.
“Old man! Even in the face of death, you choose to remain stubborn? I’ll cut you in half!” Vlad yelled.
“Everyone dies, so what if I die a few years earlier?” Hector laughed as he kept a calm expression. He looked ready to risk his life.
“Fuck! You’re putting on a brave front, aren’t you? Let me see, are you really that brave, or are you all bark and no bite?”
Vlad stood up and picked a boning knife from the torture rack on the wall. It wasn’t a huge knife. In fact, it looked small and delicate. Even so, the smaller the torture instrument, the greater the fear it instilled in others.
“Can you see this knife? I’ll use it to skin you alive. Then, I’ll slowly slice your muscles off piece by piece. You will suffer!” Vlad snickered cruelly as he flashed the knife in front of Hector, showing off his brutality.
“Give me all you’ve got!” Hector remained steadfast and showed no fear. “Very well!” With a sinister smile, Vlad raised the knife and stabbed Hector’s shoulder.
As the knife pierced his flesh, Hector trembled a little as he furrowed his brow. However, he quickly regained his composure, not making a single sound.
“Oh wow! You resist quite well. Let’s see how long you can keep that up!” Vlad seethed with anger as he stabbed Hector two more times.
In an instant, blood sprayed everywhere. Hector gritted his teeth and remained silent. Regardless, beads of sweat began to appear on his forehead.
“Let me ask you again, are you going to surrender or not?” With a cruel expression on his face, Vlad stabbed Hector’s shoulder again and this time, he twisted it around slowly.
“If you’re a man, kill me now!” Hector snorted coldly.
“You want to die? Haha, not so fast. I shall torture you slowly.” Vlad sneered as he applied more pressure on the Knife.
###Chapter 1220 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1220
Hector’s muscles on his face began twitching uncontrollably, and he was sweating profusely. Nevertheless, his gaze remained steadfast despite the extreme pain inflicted upon him.
“Well, well! It looks like if I don’t up my game, you won’t give up the map easily. “Vlad was annoyed. He chucked away the boning knife and browsed through the torture rack again. As such, many torture instruments of different sizes and functions began piling up on the table.
“See these treasures? I will use all of them on you. I hope you don’t die quickly!” Vlad sneered, picking up another torture instrument.
With that, the endless cycles of physical torment continued. Time ticked by slowly. The secret room stank of blood while things appeared calm and well just outside the room.
Kate paced outside restlessly. It had been three hours since they started interrogating Hector. However, they still got nothing.
Time was running out as they only had a few hours till the break of dawn. If she didn’t have the treasure map by then, all her efforts would be wasted, and all hopes would be lost.
The door to the secret room slowly opened. Vlad couldn’t stop cursing as he walked out with blood stains all over him.
“Vlad, how was it? Did you get the map? “Kate asked anxiously.
“Kate, Hector Harmon is too damn stubborn. I’ve pulled all the stops and tortured him for a long time. But he remained tight-lipped. I’ve never seen anyone as crazy as him.” Vlad looked annoyed yet impressed at the same time.
If it was someone else, they would have caved in and soiled themselves within minutes. Hector endured the torture for three hours without even making a sound. His grit and resilience were impressive.
“He refused to say anything?” Kate furrowed her brow, not looking too happy. “How is he now? Is he dead?”
“He fainted. But he’s still breathing. If we continue, I’m afraid he’ll die.” Vlad shook his head.
“I’ll go have a look now,” Kate said nothing else afterward as she walked in with a grim expression. In the secret room, Hector was tied to a column with his head lowered, and he appeared very weak.
His body was severely injured, with countless open wounds. No part of his body was spared, and he was covered in blood. It was impossible to tell who he was at a glance. Some of his wounds looked horrendous, and blood was still dripping from them. It was a chilling sight.
Kate might have prepared herself before walking in, but she still felt nauseous. She quickly covered her nose and mouth when she saw the sight before her.
“Kate, this place is too dirty for you. Why don’t you leave first?” Vlad suggested gently. Such a bloody sight was rare for anyone to witness. She was already considered brave for not screaming and running away.
“I’m fine.” Kate took a deep breath and quickly got used to the sight before her. With a cold gaze, she said, “Vlad, the treasure map is very important to me. Is there anything else you could use?
“As long as you can help me get this done, I’ll make sure to express my gratitude wholeheartedly.” Kate even emphasized the last few words flirtatiously.
Vlad swallowed his saliva as he looked at Kate’s voluptuous body. He tried to calm his nerves and said, ” Kate, Hector can’t take any more torture. Besides, I don’t think we’ll get any information from him just by torturing him. We need a different method.”
“What do you mean?” Kate was stunned.
“Everyone has their weak spot, their Achilles’ heel. The same applies even to the strongest man. If we can find his weakness, we’ll have a higher chance of succeeding.” Vlad suggested.
“Weakness?” Kate narrowed her eyes and understood what he meant quickly. “If this is the case, he only has one weakness.
“What’s that?” Vlad was curious to find out.
“His daughter, Natasha Harmon!” Kate said with a gruesome expression.
###Chapter 1221 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1221
At the break of dawn, in a luxurious mansion somewhere. Natasha, who was sleeping, suddenly opened her eyes when she heard something moving.
She got up, walked to the window, and opened a slit between the curtains. Under the hazy moonlight, she was shocked to see the bodyguards on night duty lying on the ground.
“Hmm?” Natasha furrowed her brow. She quickly took out a pistol from a drawer in her headboard. Opening the door gently, she carefully observed her surroundings before going into the room next door.
“Ruth…” Natasha patted her sister, who was still asleep. When Ruth woke up, Natasha covered her mouth and signaled her to keep quiet. “Don’t make any noise. There’s an intruder.”
“Intruder?”
Ruth rubbed her sleepy eyes and mumbled, “Natasha, are you dreaming? Our house is surrounded by exceptionally skilled bodyguards day and night. Who would risk their lives?”
“They have been defeated. It’s very dangerous now. Come with me now!” Natasha said with a serious expression.
“What?” Ruth became alert when she heard that. “Natasha, who’s coming for us? Should we call Dustin?”
“There’s no time. We need to get out of here first.”
Natasha was very decisive. She opened a window immediately and looked around to make sure that the coast was clear.
She held Ruth next to the window and said, “Ruth, I’ll count down to one, and we’ll jump together.”
“Jump?” Ruth gulped and said, Natasha, this is too high. I am scared.” “It’s just two floors. Besides, we’ll land on grass. We won’t die.” Natasha comforted her.
“Natasha, do we have no other choice?
“Ruth asked while trembling.
“Yes, you can choose between jumping or dying,” Natasha said coldly.
“What?” Ruth was so scared that she shrank backward.
“No time for nonsense. It’ll be too late. Three, two, one, jump!” Natasha couldn’t wait any longer as she held Ruth’s hand and leaped out from the second floor.
Both of them landed heavily on the field, and they struggled to get up. It was fortunate that the field provided them with a soft landing. The house wasn’t too high either, and they didn’t sprain their feet.
“Let’s go!” Natasha held Ruth’s hand and held the pistol in the other. They gingerly skirted around the corner to get to the backdoor.
When they got to the wall, she looked around carefully and made sure that there was no one outside before running out at full speed. However, just as they were about to leave, they heard someone calling out behind them mockingly.
“Miss Harmon, where are you going?”
Natasha turned pale when she heard the voice. Without hesitating, she turned around with the pistol raised and was ready to fire.
Nevertheless, before she could get a hold of the situation, a shadow flashed beside her. Immediately after that, she felt a painful jab in her neck before she blacked out and collapsed to the ground.
“Natasha!” Ruth shrieked. Before she knew what was happening, the person in black was already behind her. With a quick jab on the neck, she fainted.
“Take them away!” With that order, Natasha and Ruth were put in burlap sacks and lifted into the car.
The car sped on the road and finally stopped in front of the Grant mansion when the sky slowly turned light. Soon, two burlap sacks were quietly transported to the secret room.
“Mr. Vlad, we’ve already got who you asked for. There’s also an extra,” the leader said with a smile.
“Good job. You may have your reward now.” Vlad nodded with satisfaction as he gave them the signal to leave. “Open it.”
###Chapter 1222 by Marina Vittori
Kate was impatient as she quickly ordered them to open up the burlap sacks. Very soon, the unconscious Natasha and Ruth were freed from the sacks.
“Great, we’ve got both of them. There shouldn’t be any problem now.” Kate was pleased about the current turn of events. Hector would definitely surrender the information with his two weaknesses in their hands now.
“What? It’s her!” Vlad was stunned when he saw Natasha. “Why? Do you know her?” Kate frowned. If they knew each other, there’d be trouble.
“I saw her once.” Vlad replied solemnly and continued, “I was injured by an ignorant man when I got into a fight at the hotel yesterday. She’s with that man.
After he was defeated, he sent his henchmen to investigate Dustin. However, he couldn’t find Dustin’s whereabouts. What a coincidence; they actually kidnapped his woman.
Things were really going in their favor now. “Vlad, the person who defeated you yesterday, was his name Dustin Rhys?” Kate quickly asked.
“I think that’s his name.” Vlad nodded.
“That’s right!” Kate continued with a cold expression. “This bitch couple is in cahoots and has been bossing others around, and they have done many despicable things!”
“Ha! What a small world. Other than hitting me, they upset you as well. Now that they are our common enemy. It’s my chance to exact revenge on them!”
Vlad snickered.
He looked Natasha up and down with a greedy gaze. It’d be a waste to not have fun with such a beautiful woman.
“Vlad, the treasure map is our top priority. You can do whatever you want to these two women after we know where it is.” Kate instantly picked up on his motive.
“Ha, thanks, Kate!” Vlad sneered and licked his lips excitedly. He could have two women at the same time! How lucky. They doused the unconscious Hector with a pail of cold water. He shivered and slowly came to his senses.
“Uncle Hector, we meet again,” Kate said calmly. She didn’t even bother to hide herself as time was running out.
“It’s… it’s you!” Hector opened his eyes with great difficulty and was very stunned to see the familiar face. “W- why?”
“Uncle Hector, I won’t beat around the bush. Give us the map, and I’ll let all of you go,” Kate said frankly.
“Kate, we’re family. Do you really have to be this cruel?” Hector spoke with a raspy voice. He had no idea that it was his niece who kidnapped him.
“Cruel?” Kate snorted coldly, “Uncle Hector, you gave me no choice. You’re no longer the patriarch of the Harmon family. Why do you insist on keeping the treasure map? It rightfully belongs to my father!”
“Kate, do you know that if Tyler Grant gets his hands on the treasure map, it’ll be the end for the Harmon family?” Hector asked in a concerned tone.
“Nonsense!” Kate glared. “Uncle Hector, are you demented? The Harmon family is no longer powerful. Working together with the Grant family is the only way for us to regain our glory!”
“Do you not understand? Tyler Grant is just using you. Once he gets the treasure map, you’ll be useless to him. By then, your life will be at risk!” Hector spoke with great difficulty.
“Shut up!” Kate slapped Hector and shouted, “I’m warning you, don’t try to drive a wedge between Tyler and me. We’re engaged. After today, I’ll be Mrs. Tyler Grant, the most powerful woman in Millsburg!”
“Don’t be delusional. You are just a pawn to him.” Hector let out a long sigh.
“Stop the nonsense! Give me the treasure map now. If not, I’ll kill both your daughters!” Kate was enraged as she picked up the knife on the table and held it next to Natasha’s neck.
The sharp blade sliced through her skin, leaving a glaring and bloody trail on her neck.
###Chapter 1223 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1223
“Natasha?” When Hector looked carefully, he was instantly agitated. ” Kate Harmon! Don’t do anything stupid! She’s your cousin!”
“What cousin? She’s just a bitch!” Kate yelled. She added, “She has always liked to compete against me since we were kids. It remains the same even to this day.
“Whenever there was something good at home, you always gave it all to her. I could only use whatever that was left. What right did you have to do that? How am I inferior to her?”
“Kate, I have never been biased toward any of you. Natasha worked hard for her success today. Both of you started with the same resources.” Hector said sincerely. In fact, he gave more resources to Kate than he did to his daughter.
“Nonsense! Do you think I’ll believe your bullshit? If you weren’t secretly helping her and providing her with all kinds of assistance, how could Natasha be better than I am?” Kate snorted.
From her point of view, Hector had used his status as the family’s patriarch to pave the way for Natasha. It was also why she was always second to Natasha since they were kids.
“Kate, both of you are my family. Why would I play favorites?” Hector’s gaze became complicated.
“Hmph! Stop acting in front of me!”
Kate continued with a cold expression, “I don’t have time for your nonsense now! I’m going to ask just one question: are you giving me the treasure map or not?”
As she spoke, she increased the pressure on the knife.
The wound on Natasha’s neck became deeper as blood started trickling down along the blade. Hector’s pupils constricted and said nervously, “Kate, stop before it’s too late!”
“What’s it going to be? Is the treasure map more important than your daughter’s life?” Kate asked.
She scowled and held the knife next to Ruth’s neck. “If you think Natasha’s life isn’t enough, then I will sacrifice Ruth’s as well for the treasure map!
“I’ll let them go as long as you surrender the treasure map to me. If not, I’ll kill them right before your eyes!
“Kate! Blood is thicker than water. Why are you doing this?” Hector was getting anxious.
“You’re not going to surrender? Fine!
I’ll kill one first to show you I mean what I said!” Kate’s gaze became sinister as she raised the knife and aimed it at Ruth’s head.
“Stop! I surrender! I’ll give you the treasure map!” Hector’s face paled, and he shouted in a shrill voice.
The vibration of the blade could be heard as Kate paused. The knife stopped just above Ruth’s neck.
“Well, we could have saved all this trouble if you had surrendered earlier. You had to do it the hard way!” Kate snickered.
Regardless of one’s stubbornness and bravery, they would always have an Achilles’ heel. With that, coercing them into submission wouldn’t be a problem.
“Hey! Why are you playing dumb? Tell us now!” Vlad urged impatiently.
“Truth be told, I don’t have the treasure map with me.” Hector shook his head. “What is it? Are you playing tricks? Do you think I won’t kill them?” Kate’s expression became gloomy.
“I’m not lying. To prevent it from being stolen, I already gave the treasure map to someone else.” Hector looked solemn.
“Who did you give it to?” Kate asked. “Dustin Rhys,” Hector said truthfully.
“Dustin Rhys?” Kate frowned. “Uncle Hector, I didn’t think that you’d rather give it to an outsider than us. You’re such a parasite!”
“Kate, I did it for the family,” Hector said earnestly.
“Shut up! You traitor!” Kate shrieked.
“Let me warn you, you’d better not lie to me. If not, I’ll make sure they die together with you!” she finished.
###Chapter 1224 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1224
Suddenly, Kate raised her hand and struck Hector’s neck with the knife’s sheath. He immediately passed out after that.
“Now that Dustin has the treasure map, it’s time to settle our scores,” Vlad said with a sinister grin. He added, “I’ll send someone after him.
Kate narrowed her eyes. “No need to go through the trouble. Instead of chasing him down, let’s make him come to us willingly.”
“Oh? Do you have a plan?” he asked curiously. “Just watch.” She approached Natasha and tore her nightgown with little explanation. Vlad’s desire intensified as he saw Natasha’s exposed skin and alluring, lingerie. He found her irresistible.
“Hang her up. I want to record a video, “Kate said and took her phone out. 11 Oh, and stand beside her for a photo. It’ll spice things up.”
“Sure thing!” He grinned and instructed someone to hang Natasha on a pillar. Then, he grabbed a strand of her hair and sniffed it with uncontrollable desire.
“Perfect.” Kate was satisfied with the video she recorded. Then, she typed a message and sent it.
“It’s settled. I’ve given Dustin half an hour to bring the treasure map to the Grants’ mansion and apologize. If not, we’ll rape and kill his woman.”
“Is this plan foolproof? What if he gets scared and doesn’t show up?” Vlad asked.
“Don’t worry. I know Dustin. His ego won’t let him stay away,” she said with an evil grin. “Besides, no man would tolerate his woman being harmed like that.”
“True.” Vlad nodded.
Then, he smirked and added, “If he dares to show up, he won’t leave here alive.”
“Hey, don’t underestimate Dustin. He’s quite strong. He’s taken on many strong opponents in the past,” Kate cautioned.
She recalled the events at the Harmon family, where Dustin had quelled many challenges with his strength alone. Hence, she knew he should not be underestimated.
“He’s no match for us, Kate. The Grant family has experts, a sizable army, and a grandmaster martial artist backing us up. Even if Dustin is strong, he won’t stand a chance on my turf,” Vlad boasted confidently.
“Alright, since you said it that way, I can relax,” Kate said and sighed in relief. No matter how strong Dustin was, he was just one person against the might of the Grant family.
“Oh, what about these two beautiful women?” Vlad asked. His gaze filled with desire as he looked at Natasha.
“After we deal with Dustin and retrieve the treasure map, you can do as you please with them,” Kate replied with a smile.
“Hehe… Thanks, Kate!” His excitement soared as he anticipated enjoying the company of the lovely women in his bed.
###Chapter 1225 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1225 
The next morning, Zephyr Lodge was bustling with activity. It was Dustin’s birthday! Everyone in the Kirin gang was taking it seriously. They had sent out invitations a few days ago for a big party.
The Kirin gang had been in charge of the Millsburg underworld for a long time, with Dustin being known as the King of the Underworld.
Today, he was receiving birthday wishes from various factions. Even those who weren’t on the guest list hurried to send gifts. Meanwhile, Dustin was meditating in the main room of the villa. However, an urgent knock interrupted his mediation.
“What’s going on?” He opened the door and found Cornelius standing there.
“Sir Rhys, we’ve got a problem!” Cornelius said seriously.
He went on, “Early this morning, a group of unknown martial artists broke into Ms. Harmon’s villa. We had our men for her protection, but they killed all our men. And now, Ms. Harmon is missing. She might have been kidnapped!”
“What?” Dustin’s expression changed. “How did this happen? Any idea who did it?”
“We’re still looking into it, but I’ve already sent our investigators. We should have answers soon,” Cornelius replied respectfully.
“Get our men ready. We need to find the culprits fast,” Dustin ordered firmly. The murder of Kirin gang members and Natasha’s kidnapping had crossed a line. Whoever was responsible would face serious consequences.
At that moment, Dustin’s phone buzzed. A video was sent to him by an anonymous source. He got furious after watching it. In the video, Natasha was hanging from a pillar. She looked disheveled.
A sinister man was touching her hair, breathing heavily, and leering wickedly. His strong desire was clear. Also, Dustin recognized the sinister man-it was Vlad! A menacing message came with the video.
“Dustin, you have thirty minutes to bring the treasure map to the Grant mansion. If you’re late, your woman will be harmed!”
Dustin’s anger flared up upon reading that message.
“Tell everyone to prepare. We’re going to confront the Grant family!” Dustin declared firmly and headed toward the Grant mansion.
Tensions between the two sides had simmered in the past, but they had never escalated this far. The audacity of the Grant family had pushed Dustin to the limit.
Everyone had a breaking point, and they had just pushed him beyond his. If anything happened to Natasha, he would confront the Grant family with violence. Meanwhile, the Grant mansion was filled with a celebratory air. Decorations and laughter were everywhere.
The festivities were even bigger than those at Zephyr Lodge because they marked the union between the Grant family and the Harmon family.
The Grant family, one of the Tremendous Three, had joined forces with the prestigious Harmon family. The news sent shockwaves throughout Millsburg.
People from all walks of life gathered to offer their congratulations, turning the occasion into a grand spectacle. The main reason for such extravagance was Tyler. He was a man from a noble background with remarkable talent.
At a young age, he quickly rose through the ranks and became a respected Dragonmarsh general, earning praise for his military achievements.
###Chapter 1226 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1226 
In Balerno, Tyler was unmatched among the younger generation. Everyone believed that with him. leading the way, the Grant family would become even more influential and ultimately rule over Balerno.
When Tyler’s engagement was announced, it drew attention from all the folks in Millsburg. Not only that, but important people like leaders, merchants, and the rich from all major cities in Balerno also came to show their respect.
As dawn approached, the Grant mansion was bustling with guests. In the meeting room, Tyler sat at the center, calm amidst the grandeur. To his sides were key members of the Grant family uncles, aunts, cousins all lowering their status, hardly daring to make a sound.
When Tyler became General Lionheart and took over as the family patriarch from Arthur Grant, his grandfather, some elder members of the family weren’t happy.
They argued Tyler lacked experience and qualifications. But within three days, those who opposed him met unfortunate ends, and none of them fared well.
With such ruthless methods, Tyler quickly gained complete control of the family in under two weeks. Hence, the saying, “Those who support me thrive, those who oppose me suffer”.
Over time, his authority even surpassed that of his grandfather, making him a feared figure.
“Trent, it’s time. Where is the stuff I asked for?” Tyler asked. Instantly, everyone’s attention turned to the end of the table where the Harmon family members were seated.
“Well…” Trent hesitated, unsure how to respond. Failing to produce the promised treasure map by dawn was undeniably embarrassing.
“What? Did you take my words lightly?
“Tyler’s expression turned colder.
“No, we didn’t!” Trent quickly waved his hand. With a forced smile, he said, 11 Please give us a bit more time, Tyler. We’ll definitely have the treasure map by tonight.”
“I don’t like haggling. If the treasure map isn’t here, then today’s engagement celebration won’t happen. I’ll make your withdrawal public, and you’ll face the consequences!” Tyler threatened.
“Ah?” Trent was frightened, his body trembling. He knew too well about Tyler’s ruthless ways; failing to produce the treasure map would bring suffering to the entire Harmon family.
“Ty…” At that moment, Kate hurriedly entered the meeting room, dressed in a bridal gown.
“Kate, do you have news?” Trent’s eyes lit up as if seeing a savior.
“Yes.” She nodded and looked at Tyler, smiling. “Ty, please be patient. The treasure map is already on its way and will be in your hands within half an hour.”
“Oh? Is that so?” Tyler raised an eyebrow, finally softening his stern expression. “That’s for the best, or I’ll be very upset.”
“Tyler, the treasure map is guaranteed, but there might be a slight problem. I hope you won’t mind,” Kate cautioned. Even if she held someone hostage, she couldn’t be sure Dustin wouldn’t cause trouble.
“As long as there’s a treasure map, I’ll handle any issues,” Tyler replied casually, asserting his dominance.
“Then, it’s settled.” She let out a sigh of relief. Just as they were talking, a loud voice suddenly rang out. “Tyler! Get your ass out here, now!”
###Chapter 1227 by Marina Vittori
“Tyler! Get your ass out here, now!”
A sudden shout echoed through the entire Grant mansion. It was as loud as the thunder that boomed in the sky. The voice carried an intent to harm and endless fury.
“Who’s causing all this commotion?”
“Someone’s causing trouble in the mansion? Catch them!”
“This is unbelievable!”
Following a short moment of quiet, the meeting room burst into an uproar. The Grant family members were furious and upset. Nobody had ever dared to be so bold toward them, especially openly disrespecting Tyler like this. It was unacceptable!
“Dustin has completely lost control!” Kate’s face turned serious. She knew Dustin was coming. Still, she didn’t expect him to be so bold, shouting before he even entered.
“Kate, is this the problem you mentioned?” Tyler frowned for a moment but quickly composed himself, not showing anger.
“Ty, honestly, Dustin has the treasure map. Everything will be fine if we capture him!” she said with a forced smile.
“You’re quite daring, using me as your pawn.” Tyler glanced at her coldly.
“Ty, I never meant it that way!”
Kate panicked and explained, “It’s mainly because Hector betrayed us and gave the treasure map to Dustin. We’re running out of time to set up a trap, so I had to lure him here first.”
“At least you can think. Since you’ve been loyal, I’ll take care of Dustin for you today to prevent future troubles.” Tyler stood up, straightened his sleeves, and left the meeting room. The others quickly followed him.
Meanwhile, at the entrance of the Graht mansion.
“Ah-!”
With a final scream, Dustin defeated over a dozen Grant family guards. They lay on the ground with broken hands and legs, moaning in pain.
Not a single one could match Dustin’s strength. “Damn! Who is this guy? He’s challenging the Grant family! Does he want to get himself killed?”
“He’s causing trouble on General Lionheart’s engagement day. This guy is asking for trouble!”
“He’s truly fearless, not realizing how serious his actions are.”
The crowd pointed fingers and quietly talked about Dustin, thinking he was foolish. The Grant family was one of the Tremendous Three. They possessed power, influence, connections, and even an army.
Someone like Dustin causing trouble here was like courting death.
“Tyler! Come out!”
Dustin shouted as he charged forward with fierce determination. The crowd scattered, afraid to provoke the reckless man.
“Rhys! You’ve finally arrived. I’ve been waiting for you!” Suddenly, Vlad blocked his path. Behind him was a group of martial artist masters, all eager for a fight.
“Vlad?” Dustin’s face darkened, his resolve growing stronger. “I warn you, release Natasha immediately, or there will be consequences!”
“Consequences?” Vlad couldn’t help but burst into laughter. He continued, “Kid, who do you think you are? Look around you. This is the Grant mansion, my territory! I can choose whether to spare or take your life. What gives you the right to be so arrogant?”
“I’ll say it one more time; release her right now!” Dustin clenched his teeth.
“I can release her, but you must hand over the treasure map first. Then, kneel on the ground and apologize. If I’m satisfied, I’ll think about letting her go. “Vlad crossed his arms, wearing a mocking expression.
“Didn’t you hear that? Hurry up, kneel and apologize!” The martial artist masters behind Vlad burst into laughter.
“You’re pushing your luck!” Dustin was furious. Then, he charged toward Vlad. “Take him down!”
###Chapter 1228 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1228 
With a serious look on his face, Vlad commanded his martial artist masters to advance.
“Clear the way! I’ll handle this!”
Suddenly, a large, muscular man sprang into action. He charged at Dustin with unstoppable determination. In the middle of his charge, he unleashed a powerful punch known as the “Mad Bull Fist”.
“Fergus Zane doesn’t mess around; he pulled off his best move right from the start.”
“I couldn’t even block that punch; how can that skinny guy stand a chance?” “If this kid goes down to Fergus’ special move, he’s in for some tough luck.”
The martial artists chuckled, clearly entertained by the unfolding scene. Among them, Fergus wasn’t the strongest, but he had a respectable reputation. Going up against him meant trouble for most ordinary martial artists.
“Get lost!” Dustin paid no attention to the muscular man’s attack. He delivered a mighty punch of his own and striked first.
The muscular man’s body burst like a watermelon hit by a cannonball, disintegrating into a spray of blood.
“Ah?”
The martial artists were stunned, their eyes widened in disbelief. Fergus, a renowned figure in the martial world, had been defeated with a single punch. They couldn’t understand how this had happened.
“Damn! It seems we’ve got a formidable opponent. Everyone, get ready to attack together!”
After a moment of shock, the martial artists became serious. They realized they couldn’t win in one-on-one battles. Their only chance was to overwhelm Dustin with their sheer numbers.
“Take him down!” Unable to contain himself, Vlad shouted, “Attack!”
The martial artists exchanged determined glances and rushed at Dustin as a group, fully committed to bringing him down.
“Anyone who gets in my way won’t last! Dustin’s eyes flashed with hostility as he fearlessly charged into the group, cutting them down in all directions. Those who attempted to block him were severely injured or met their end, as they proved no match for his strength.
Screams echoed continuously, but their numerical advantage proved futile in the face of overwhelming power. In just a few minutes, twenty or thirty martial artist masters lay defeated on the ground.
“What?” Vlad’s face turned pale, and his hair stood on end. The elite fighters he had trained for years had been effortlessly defeated. He couldn’t help but wonder what kind of monster Dustin was.
Dustin brutally crushed a martial artist’s head underfoot with a resounding thud, his eyes filled with a savage and bloodthirsty glare.
He turned to Vlad and said, “Now, it’s your turn!”
###Chapter 1229 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1229 
Dustin’s gaze sent a chilling fear through Vlad’s core. Vlad had thought his plans were foolproof, but Dustin’s strength shattered those hopes.
“Let them go, or face the consequences, “Dustin warned, projecting a menacing presence.
“No way!” Vlad, furious, pulled out a gun and aimed at Dustin. But before he could react, Dustin disappeared and reappeared before him.
“You-” Vlad was startled, and Dustin grabbed his wrist, snapping it violently.
“Ah!”
The gun dropped from Vlad’s hand, and a strong hand gripped his throat, silencing him. His face turned red as he struggled in vain, his feet off the ground.
“Where’s Natasha?” Dustin’s expression turned fierce, his presence overwhelming. “Let… let me go… or you won’t leave here alive!” Vlad desperately threatened.
“I’m asking you, where is Natasha?” Dustin increased the pressure on Vlad’s throat, making it hard for him to breathe.
Vlad’s face turned purple, and he began to kick wildly.
“Stop!”
At that moment, key members of the Grant family and armed soldiers rushed forward, led by Tyler.
“Dustin! Release Vlad now, or you’ll regret it!” Kate shouted. She believed Vlad’s men could capture Dustin, but they had been defeated.
“Tyler… save… save me!” Vlad struggled to turn his head, his voice hoarse.
“Release him, and I’ll spare your life,” Tyler declared coldly. “I should be saying that. Release Natasha, and I’ll spare your brother’s life,” Dustin said firmly.
“Natasha?” Tyler furrowed his brows and looked at Kate, somewhat puzzled. “What’s going on?”
“Ty, I captured Hector and planned to interrogate him about the treasure map, but he refused to talk. So, I kidnapped Natasha to use as leverage,” Kate replied in a hushed tone.
Tyler slapped Kate without hesitation and said coldly, “Didn’t I tell you not to touch Natasha?”
He could harm anyone from the Harmon family, but not Natasha. After all, she was the granddaughter of the Duke of Dragonmarsh, a person with immense power.
“Ty, I… I did it for the sake of the treasure map,” Kate said, covering her stinging face and nodding repeatedly.
“Is she dead?” he asked.
“No, she’s not.” She shook her head vigorously. “If there’s a next time, don’t blame me for being ruthless.” Tyler snorted coldly.
“Yeah, yes, I’ll be more careful in the future,” Kate replied with a forced smile. Being slapped in front of so many people was embarrassing, but she had no choice.
Tyler diverted his gaze and said indifferently, “Dustin, you have no right to negotiate with me. Release my brother now, or die!”
With those words, he made a gesture with his hand. Immediately, armed soldiers surrounded Dustin, their rifle barrels aimed at various vital points. When Tyler gave the order, a hail of bullets rained down on him.
“This brat doesn’t know his place. He dared to cause trouble in the Grant family. Now, he’s done for.” “He’s just a martial artist. No matter how strong he is, can he survive this?”
“If he releases the hostage now, there’s still a chance. But if he resists, there’s only one way to go-death.”
The onlookers discussed in hushed voices as they watched the armed soldiers approaching.
###Chapter 1230 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1230
The crowd had never seen such a bold move. In broad daylight, Dustin daringly stormed into the Grant mansion and captured Vlad. It was a risky move, like walking a tightrope without a safety net.
Vlad sneered, “Hey, brat! Can you see that? You’re surrounded. My family’s soldiers are standing all around. What makes you think you can take me on?”
He continued to taunt, “If you want to live, let go and surrender. Kneel and beg for mercy. Maybe then, I’ll spare you.”
“You want trouble?” Dustin grabbed Vlad by the neck and slowly lifted him with a chilling glare. “What, you dare touch me?” Vlad sneered. He remained fearless and taunted, “If you touch me, you’ll die, and your family and friends will suffer the same fate.”
He continued, “Oh, and your woman, she’s in my basement. If anything happens to me, my men will rape her. Come on! Test me. Let’s see if you can handle the consequences.”
Vlad laughed arrogantly. He seemed confident that personal courage could do nothing against overwhelming power.
The Grant family had many capable people and a strong army. Despite Dustin’s skills, he couldn’t cause a riot. “Do you really think I won’t kill you? Or do you think you can control me?” Dustin questioned him coldly.
“Do you dare? Open your eyes and see. You’re trapped. Your only option is to surrender,” Vlad taunted.
“Dustin! Let Vlad go now and give us the treasure map, or Natasha’s family and you will pay with your lives!” Kate threatened sharply.
“You have hostages, and so do I. It’s tit for tat,” Dustin retorted, suppressing his anger. If he weren’t concerned for Natasha’s safety, he would have already launched a deadly assault on everyone.
“A tit for tat?” Kate hesitated and looked at Tyler approvingly.
Tyler remained silent but nodded. In front of the audience, he had to keep up appearances as head of the Grant family. Besides, Dustin would eventually meet his end, so it couldn’t hurt to spare him for now.
“You two, bring in the injured guy,” Kate instructed the guards. After a moment, Hector was dragged over. He was covered in wounds and barely conscious. His path was marred by a trail of gruesome blood.
“Mr. Harmon?” Dustin’s expression changed instantly. Hector lay at death’s door, bearing innumerable injuries. Wound covered every visible skin on his body; it was a truly horrifying sight.
“You shouldn’t have come,” Hector said weakly, his voice feeble. If the Grants’ mansion was a dangerous trap, Dustin’s arrival was a suicidal choice.
“Kate! You’re a monster! You even harmed your uncle!” Dustin couldn’t suppress his anger. He had initially thought that only Natasha had been captured, but now Hector had also endured severe torture.
“Enough talk! Release the hostage now!
Kate ordered.
“Release Natasha, too!” Dustin gritted his teeth. “Impossible! You just said, ‘a tit for tat. ‘To free Natasha, you must hand over the treasure map,” Kate insisted.
“Fine.” Dustin immediately agreed, knowing that Hector’s life was hanging by a thread. Hence, Hector’s survival now hinges on urgent medical attention.
“Take this old man over there,” Kate gestured, instructing two guards to carry Hector. Dustin slowly let go of Vlad.
“Damn it!” Vlad rubbed his swollen neck and glared fiercely at Dustin. Then, he turned and walked toward the Grant family’s side. The two sides exchanged hostages. But as Vlad passed by Hector, his expression suddenly turned savage.
“Go to hell!”
Suddenly, Vlad drew a knife and plunged it into Hector’s back, dealing him a fatal blow. A bone-chilling moment followed.
###Chapter 1231 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1231
A sharp knife pierced through Hector’s body, with its tip protruding from his chest. It caused the blood to flow along its edge.
“Ugh…”
Hector trembled, and his face froze as he instinctively looked down. He watched as blood slowly oozed from the knife lodged in his chest.
“Huh?” This sudden turn of events shocked everyone. No one had expected Vlad to launch such a sudden and deadly attack. Onlookers had expected a stalemate, but now it was clear that Vlad had gone too far.
“Mr. Harmon?” Even Dustin was surprised. He had not expected Vlad to stab Hector. Just moments earlier, the man was held hostage.
“Dus… Dustin… Take care… my daughter… from now on…” Hector struggled to say the words before his head sank down, and he took his last breath.
“His suffering has come to an end,” Kate said coldly, showing no emotion.
“Hector…”
In the crowd, Trent wore a pained expression. They were brothers who grew up together and carried on the family legacy regardless of the situation.
Hector’s death was a heavy blow. Even so, Trent held himself back. After all, offending the murderer was out of the question.
“You old bastard! Die!” Vlad grinned wickedly as he pulled out the bloodied knife and kicked Hector’s lifeless body with all his might.
Hector’s body was flung high into the air and landed right at Dustin’s feet.
“Mr… Mr. Harmon?”
Dustin bent down to check Hector’s pulse, but his fingers were trembling. It was too late. Hector had suffered severe injuries, and his life was slipping away fast. He had suffered a fatal blow. There was no hope of saving him.
“Hey, brat! You didn’t expect that, did you? That’s what you get for offending me!” Vlad rejoiced in his victory.
He continued, “And let me tell you something. Not only will I kill your friends and family, but I’ll rape your woman before your eyes! I’ll torture her and make her beg for death!
“How does that make you feel? Angry? Do you want to kill me? Too bad you won’t have the chance.
“Since you freed me, your fate is sealed! Of course, I won’t let you die so easily. “I’ll subject you to all kinds of torture, humiliate you and make you beg for life and death! That’s the price you’ll pay for crossing me!”
At the end of his tirade, Vlad burst into maniacal laughter. A mere martial artist from the martial world had dared to challenge him? It was like a mouse challenging an elephant.
“Vlad. Grant!” Dustin stood up, his words measured but filled with fiery determination, his eyes aflame with anger. His hair was tousled, and his face flushed with intense emotion.
Dustin’s sudden burst of anger left everyone feeling a deep sense of impending dread. It was as if an overwhelming sense of doom hung in the air.
“Vlad! I’m going to kill you!” Dustin roared uncontrollably and charged like a wild beast.
“Quick! Shoot now!”
###Chapter 1232 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1232
Vlad was shocked and hastily backed away. Suddenly, shots rang out, but they missed Dustin and only hit his afterimage.
“Stop him, quick!” Vlad turned pale and tried to run. He couldn’t believe that this lunatic wasn’t even afraid of bullets.
“What are you waiting for? Go help him!” Kate quickly instructed a group of guards to move in. “Get back here!” Dustin dashed forward. He grabbed Vlad’s head and slammed his head on the ground.
The gunshots stopped immediately, for fear they might accidentally hit Vlad. Even the strong guards hesitated, not wanting to act impulsively.
“Dustin, I warn you not to do anything reckless. If you hurt Vlad, there will be serious consequences!” Kate shouted firmly.
“Bastard! Stop this now!” the Grant family members and relatives shouted angrily. At that moment, they all sensed that Dustin was desperate to do something. But they held back because they were afraid of causing unwanted harm.
“Hey, brat, be careful. If you hurt me, your whole family will suffer!” Vlad threatened loudly. As he was surrounded by his family, he wasn’t afraid. He believed Dustin wouldn’t risk his entire family to kill him.
“You… deserve to die!” Dustin was so angry that his fingers applied slow and intense pressure. The terrifying force of his fingers pierced Vlad’s flesh and slowly penetrated his skull. Soon, blood covered Vlad’s face.
“Ahh!” Vlad couldn’t help but scream in fear of death engulfing him. “Wait! Please stop!” Finally panicked, he pleaded, “Calm down, brat! If y you kill me, many others will die. Think of your woman, your family-they’ll die with you!”
“You’re dead wrong. It’s your family that’s going to die with you.” Dustin’s anger intensified as he tightened his grip, causing Vlad’s skull to fracture further.
The intense pain and fear made Vlad sob and beg desperately. “Don’t…. don’t kill me! I know I was wrong. Please spare me, and I won’t hold you responsible. I swear!”
He knew that if he didn’t surrender now, he could really be killed. “Dustin! Stop right there! If you kill him, Natasha and her whole family will die!” Kate threatened.
No sooner were these words uttered, a deafening explosion rang out. Vlad’s head exploded like a watermelon hit by a cannonball, scattering red and white splinters everywhere.
“What?!”
The onlookers were stunned to see Vlad’s head explode. They had not expected Dustin to risk his own life and that of his entire family despite the strict security.
“Damn! Is this guy suicidal? He actually killed Mr. Vlad?!”
“He’s crazy! A lunatic!”
“This kid made a huge mistake by angering the Grant family. Now he and his family will probably face severe consequences!”
The guests whispered and murmured as a joyful event took a tragic turn before their eyes. The entire Grant family would undoubtedly be furious.
No one could escape the consequences.
###Chapter 1233 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1233 
“Dead… Vlad is dead?”
Kate’s eyes widened in disbelief as she gasped. She never expected Dustin to murder Vlad in public. She could not help thinking that Dustin was really wicked!
“Oh no! Now, even Natasha and the others will suffer!” Trent muttered, shaking his head. His younger brother’s death was a great shock, and if his nieces were now in danger, it would make everything worse.
Although he was striving for power, he didn’t want to harm his family.
“Unbelievable!”
“So brazen!”
“Bastard! You crossed the line!”
After recovering from their shock, the Grant family members erupted in anger. No one had ever dared to challenge the authority of the Grant family in Millsburg, let alone commit such a brutal murder right before their eyes.
This behavior was incredibly bold! “Dustin, you challenged our authority. No one can save you today,” Tyler declared sternly.
Vlad’s death hadn’t shaken him too much. Still, Dustin, the murderer, had openly challenged the Grant family’s authority. He would pay for it with his life.
“Release Natasha or you’ll all suffer the same fate!” Dustin declared, kicking Vlad’s lifeless body. Vlad’s body flew through the air like a soccer ball and headed straight for Tyler.
“Hmph!” Tyler snorted and slammed his hand down on Vlad’s chest. With a loud explosion, Vlad’s body burst into a gruesome rain of blood and flesh that splattered everywhere.
The Grant family members nearby were covered in the mist of blood and flinched in shock. Dustin had been ruthless, but to everyone’s surprise, Tyler was even more so. He did not even spare the remains of his younger brother. With a single blow, Vlad was completely obliterated.
“Get him!” Tyler ordered coldly. Then, he pulled out a white handkerchief and carefully wiped the blood from his hands. “Attack!” At his command, a group of elite lupine guards drew their weapons and moved toward Dustin.
“Let’s see who dares to make a move!”
At that moment, a loud shout echoed through the scene. Cornelius, along with a group of Kirin gang disciples, stormed into Grants’ mansion. They appeared in full strength and made an imposing presence.
“Fools! Who are you? How dare you intrude on our mansion? You’ve got some nerve!”
“You’re a bunch of ignorant fools! This is no place to just barge in. Leave immediately!”
“Quick! Assemble the troops and put down this rebellion at once!”
The arrival of the Kirin gang caused the Grant family members to seethe with anger.
###Chapter 1234 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1234
What was happening? Dustin, a brave but reckless man, had openly defied the Grant family’s authority. Not only that, he had also brought a gang with him to cause chaos and lawlessness in the Grant mansion.
“Listen up, Grants! Let Ms. Harmon go immediately, or we’ll fight fiercely today!” Cornelius led a group of Kirin gang members and bravely confronted the Grant family’s forces.
“Fight fiercely? Are you even up to the task?” Tyler looked at him disdainfully. To him, the Kirin gang was just a bunch of nobodies. Once his men got there, they could take them down easily.
“Dustin, you’re too idealistic. Do you think you can challenge us with these petty gangsters? That’s just wishful thinking!” Kate scoffed.
The Kirin gang was impressive. Still, compared to the Grant family, they were insignificant and would easily crumble. “If the Kirin gang can’t handle this, what about teaming up with the Stoneray Order?”
Suddenly, a loud voice echoed at the entrance. Then, a dignified elderly man strolled in, accompanied by a group of impressive people.
These people were in their fifties and wore long robes. While their presence was not strong, their unwavering and profound demeanor demanded respect. They were none other than the Stoneray Order leader, Linden, and his council of elders and disciples.
“Strange, why is the Stoneray Order here today?”
“They normally stay out of worldly affairs and disputes. What’s going on today? All their elders have been sent. Even their leader, Dr. Watkins, who’s always been reclusive, has come.”
“I have a bad feeling that something big is going to happen today!”
The appearance of the Stoneray Order made everyone restless. The Stoneray Order held a significant position in Balerno. Whenever someone became seriously ill, they turned to the Stoneray Order for help.
Although seemingly powerless, their extensive connections made them just as influential as the Tremendous Three. However, since the Stoneray Order had always remained neutral, their sudden involvement aroused suspicion.
“Mr. Rhys, today I led my people to Zephyr Lodge to celebrate your birthday. I didn’t expect to find you here. I hope I didn’t miss anything,” Linden said with a smile as he approached.
“You’re right on time.” Dustin nodded. “Dr. Watkins, what’s your plan? Are you going to support Dustin and oppose the Grant family?” Kate asked icily.
If it was just the Kirin gang, the Grant family could easily deal with them, but if the Stoneray Order was involved, it could get complicated.
After all, the Stoneray Order’s influence was immense. Openly opposing them would only bring harsh criticism. “Dustin is one of the elders of our Stoneray Order. If he’s in danger, we cannot stand idly by,” Linden calmly explained.
“He’s one of the elders of the Stoneray Order?” Kate raised an eyebrow. She hadn’t expected Dustin to have such a background. That explained his audacity.
“General Lionheart, today is a day for celebration. It’s not wise to let the situation escalate. Release Ms. Harmon. Wouldn’t it be better if we avoided making enemies?” Linden advised in a meaningful tone.
“Dr. Watkins, you have no right to meddle in my affairs,” Tyler replied indifferently.
He continued, “Dustin killed my brother and openly challenged the Grant family’s honor. I’ve already said that he’ll pay for it today, and no one can save him, not even you.”
He didn’t hold the Stoneray Order in high regard.
“General Lionheart, don’t overdo it, or you might regret it,” Linden cryptically warned.
“Regret? Does your Stoneray Order have that kind of power?” Tyler snorted coldly. “Before I lose my patience, leave. Don’t blame me for being ruthless!”
“Tyler Grant! You have quite the high- handed attitude! Let’s see how you handle it without showing mercy!”
Suddenly, a commanding voice sounded at the door. A distinguished middle-aged man then entered, accompanied by an imposing group. This man was none other than George Xenos, the viceroy of the Southern province.
###Chapter 1235 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1235
“Oh, my goodness! Is that Lord Xenos? What is he doing here?” “Look at his entourage. It doesn’t seem like they’re here for the engagement party.”
“Exactly! Who brings that many guards to a banquet? It’s pretty clear that trouble’s brewing.”
George’s arrival immediately caused a stir. Even the members of the Grant family couldn’t hide their uneasiness. After all, George was a viceroy. He held a great deal of power throughout the Southern province, both military and political. He was a high-ranking official, a truly influential figure.
In the presence of such an important person, even Tyler, a powerful general, had to exercise restraint. “Dustin, are you all right?” George asked as he came in.
“I’m fine, thank you, Lord Xenos,” Dustin replied politely.
“That’s good.” George smiled. Then, he turned to Tyler. His expression suddenly turned stern. ” Tyler, you have abused your authority as a third-ranking official. Do you think no one can keep you in check?”
George’s words were direct and spared no disrespect for the Grant family. “Lord Xenos, you’ve got this wrong. It was Dustin who caused trouble, and we were just defending ourselves,” Kate quickly interjected.
“That’s right! It was Dustin who killed our family member. We need justice!” the Grant family members chimed in.
“Shut up, all of you!” George stared sternly at them. “Don’t think I’m unaware of what’s been happening here. The Grant family kidnapped Natasha and murdered Hector. Your actions are barbaric!”
His words instantly silenced the Grant family members. It was clear that they had no moral ground on which to stand.
“Lord Xenos, I have no problem with you. Why do you stand against me like this?” Tyler’s face turned cold, his gaze hostile.
The last time he came to the Harmon residence, George had interfered and thwarted Tyler’s plans. He hadn’t expected George to show up and interfere again. It was just too much!
“As a Dragonmarsh general, it is your duty to uphold the law and see that justice is done. But look at your behavior; how is it different from a gangster?” George spoke emphatically.
“Lord Xenos, even though your official rank is higher than mine, that doesn’t mean you can order me around,” Tyler asserted.
He continued, “My position as general was bestowed upon me by the royal family and falls under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of War. Even though you are a viceroy, Lord Xenos, you have no right to meddle in my affairs.”
A viceroy held the highest position in a region. They oversaw both military and political affairs. Although their rank was high, they were civil officials.
Tyler, on the other hand, was a military officer, and they operated under different systems. Civil officials and military officers have always had a strained relationship. If things escalated, Tyler wouldn’t be afraid because he had powerful backing.
“Tyler, don’t be so arrogant!” George snorted coldly. “The Southern province is under my jurisdiction. If you do something outrageous, I’ll not stand idly by!”
“Lord Xenos, I’ve always obeyed the law, so where do these outrageous acts come from?” Tyler asserted. He added, “Even if I were truly guilty, there is nothing you can do about me. You are only the local governor.”
As he finished, a deep, imposing voice suddenly sounded. “If Lord Xenos can’t deal with you, what about an old man like me?”
The voice wasn’t loud, but it was clearly heard by everyone. Following the sound, a group of people entered through the main gate, led by a sturdy, white-bearded old man.
###Chapter 1236 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1236 
An elderly man, who radiated authority and seriousness, arrived, causing a sudden tension in the atmosphere. “It’s General Murray! General Murray is here!”
“What’s going on today? Why is General Murray coming here? He usually keeps a low profile.”
“Oh dear, it seems trouble has found its way to the Grant family!”
George’s arrival was already quite surprising, but Christopher’s appearance was even more astonishing. Christopher was a highly respected Grand General and protector of the kingdom. He had achieved remarkable feats and held a revered position.
With his life devoted to warfare, his many followers, and his unmatched power, connections, and influence, he stood as the foremost figure in Balerno. He even cast a shadow over George, the viceroy of the Southern province.
“Kid, I’m here to support you today. Let’s see who dares to act recklessly!” Christopher wasted no time and openly declared his support for Dustin.
This unexpected move stunned everyone. Whispers filled the air as they realized Dustin had a formidable ally. “What, General Murray is here for this kid? Is this for real?”
“Why is that? What does this young man have that makes General Murray support him?” “Judging from this show of force, does this kid have a powerful background?”
People whispered among themselves, and their opinion of Dustin changed significantly. At first, they thought Dustin was stirring up trouble, but now he seemed well-prepared.
They gradually realized that Dustin dared to challenge the Grant family because he had influential backing.
“How … how is that possible?” Kate was bewildered and could hardly believe it. She had underestimated Dustin, thinking he was just merely a martial artist with little influence.
But now, she realized her mistake. Dustin had not only martial skills but also excellent connections. After all, the viceroy and the Grand General had come to support him.Although it was difficult to admit, Dustin was indeed qualified to challenge Tyler.
“Wow! Who is this kid?”
The Harmon family members were shocked and felt helpless. Since Natasha was held hostage and Hector was killed, they were deeply entangled in this situation.
Plus, Dustin’s close relationship with Natasha indicated that he wouldn’t let things slide. In the past, Trent could rely on the Grant family’s power to eliminate potential threats.
But, given Dustin’s influential connections, even the Grant family had to think twice before acting recklessly. After all, trying to get revenge on Dustin could have irreversible consequences for them.
“Greetings, General Murray,” George said respectfully. Despite his position as viceroy, he paid Christopher great respect.
“Hmm.” Christopher nodded at him, then turned his gaze to Tyler. “Boy, you mentioned that Lord Xenos can’t handle you alone. What if I join the fray? You think you can handle that?”
At these words, Tyler’s expression grew even grimmer. Dealing with a viceroy was challenging enough, but the arrival of the Grand General was like rubbing salt in the wound.
Two formidable figures, one with political influence and the other with martial prowess, posed an almost insurmountable challenge to anyone in the Dragonmarsh.
###Chapter 1237 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1237
“General Murray, our families never crossed paths before. Why did you have to come all the way here today to cause trouble?” Tyler frowned. With his current power, he couldn’t directly confront these two powerful forces. But that didn’t mean he had to give in.
As one of the Tremendous Three, the Grant family had the influence and strength to match them. If they really fought, the result would be uncertain.
“Why am I here?” Christopher chuckled. “If your family didn’t cause trouble, why would I be here? Are you saying your family can do whatever you want, but we can’t?
“Today is Dustin’s birthday, and as his elder, I originally planned to attend the celebration at Zephyr Lodge. But as soon as I heard about the situation, I rushed here with my men.
“Tyler, if you don’t want this to get out of hand, release the hostage immediately, or you will suffer the consequences!” George threatened sternly.
“Ty, maybe… we should think about it? “Kate hesitated and said it softly.
“It’s our engagement day, and we don’t want to mess things up. Let’s release Natasha first to defuse the situation, and then we can talk about the treasure map. What do you think?”
“Shut up!” Tyler snapped, raising his hand, and slapped her hard. She staggered and nearly fell, her face red and swollen. “Ty?”
She covered her cheek with her hands, unsure what she had said that triggered his anger. “You are useless! You embarrassed me in front of these people!” Tyler glared at her.
The Grant family had ruled Balerno for many years and had never surrendered to anyone. What would become of their reputation if they gave in after being threatened? As the top family for a century, they couldn’t afford to become a laughingstock.
“Boy, you’ve got three minutes to think about this. If you don’t apologize, you can’t blame me for what will happen!” Christopher gave his final warning.
“As the Grand General and protector of the kingdom, it is not right to bully my grandson.” A deep, raspy voice filled the air, prompting everyone to look toward the inner courtyard.
A white figure was seen gracefully descending from the sky. Just before it touched the ground, the figure extended its arm. It was like time slowed down as the figure landed as silent as a feather.
The person’s movement was fast and agile, displaying impressive martial skills. The white figure was revealed to be an elderly male with white hair in a robe. The man appeared fragile yet possessed sharp eyes that glittered with a hint of malice. This elderly man was none other than Arthur Grant, the backbone of the Grant family!
“Grandfather?” Tyler’s eyes lit up when he saw him, and his agitation dissipated. The presence of the Grant family protector reassured him that he had nothing to fear, even if George and Christopher joined forces.
“Earl of Loyalty and Valor-Arthur?!” George blinked in surprise, and his expression hardened.
###Chapter 1238 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1238
The Grant family had been a powerful force for generations. Their strength came from their accumulated influence over the years. Arthur, the former family patriarch, was a brilliant strategist.
In the past, during power struggles, he made wise decisions to form alliances. He rose in the political world, became a significant figure within the family, and earned the title of Earl of Loyalty and Valor.
Arthur’s authority and military capabilities were comparable to Christopher’s and even exceeded him in certain aspects. The only difference was that Christopher achieved his position through battles, while Arthur excelled in politics. Regardless of their paths, they were both remarkable men.
“Haha! This is great! Sir Arthur is here!
“With Sir Arthur here, no one will ever challenge our family again.”
The arrival of Arthur brought joy to the Grant family, filling them with a renewed sense of relief. They found their source of strength and put their worries to rest.
“Kate! There is hope! We do have hope! “cheered Trent, who was happy to see the turn in events. He had been worried about how things would turn out, but Arthur’s presence gave him new hope.
“This is amazing! I knew I made the right decision!” Kate rejoiced that she chose wisely, as Tyler had a promising future and a high-ranking grandfather.
The Earl of Loyalty and Valor was an aristocratic honor that wasn’t a title of nobility but carried great prestige and extensive connections. It even provided direct access to the royal family. Who would go against the Grant family when they had so much power at their command?
“Oh Dustin, what difference does it make to you even with Lord Xenos’s and General Murray’s support? You won’t be able to save Natasha, and you can do nothing to improve it.
“You’re doomed to be crushed by us forever!” Kate snarled, laughing manically. She acknowledged Dustin’s talents, but they would not be enough to save Natasha.
“Christopher, you are an honorable person, yet you are intimidating my grandson. Are you disrespecting our family?” Arthur stood impassively with his hands clasped behind his back as he addressed them. Given that they had caused a disturbance, there was no need to be polite.
“Arthur, let me be clear about this. Your grandson is the one who caused the trouble. We’re simply trying to get justice for that. Is there a problem with that?” Christopher replied calmly.
“If you are looking for justice, speak to me directly. Bullying my grandson is not the right thing to do,” Arthur asserted arrogantly.
“You’ve been in hiding, and God knows where?” Christopher retorted. “Now that I’m here, what do you want to tell me?” Arthur maintained his unwavering stare.
“Your grandson kidnapped someone he shouldn’t have. Release her, and we can all move on peacefully. Otherwise, he’ll be in serious trouble.” Christopher got straight to the point.
“Kidnap someone?”
Arthur turned to Tyler and asked, “Did you?”
“No,” Tyler said, shaking his head. “You heard it, right? Ty says no. You can go now,” Arthur said, waving his hand dismissively as if shooing away a fly.
“You think you can just chase us away with one word? Do you think we’re fools?” Christopher’s expression darkened.
“Then, what do you want?” Arthur’s eyes glint with hostility. “You can either give us the person we’re looking for, or we can look for her ourselves. The choice is yours,” Christopher said bluntly.
“The person you’re looking for isn’t here, and you don’t have permission to search my mansion. This isn’t a place for you to wander around!” Arthur replied sternly.
“Look, old fool. You’re just being stubborn, aren’t you?” Christopher grew frustrated.
“You want to play games? Alright, I’m tearing down this place today!”
###Chapter 1239 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1239
“You gonna tear down my place?”
Arthur taunted.
“Christopher, just because you have your men with you doesn’t mean you get to mess around in my territory. Your Murray family may be strong, but they are no match for the Grant family. I won’t hold back from taking action because I’m in charge here.”
“You won’t hold back, huh? Let’s have a match and see who’s tougher!” Christopher rolled up his sleeves, getting ready for a fight.
He figured a good fight would be more satisfactory than endless conversation. “Christopher, itching for a brawl, aren’t you? Alright, I’ll find someone you can fight!”
Arthur raised his voice and shouted, Zachary, it’s your turn!”
“Hahaha!” Suddenly, there was an eruption of laughter from all sides. It was so loud that the crowd was forced to cover their ears. Out of nowhere, a crimson figure fell from the sky like a cannonball. The figure landed with a loud explosion that sent rocks flying and a cloud of dust billowing.
A strong wind from the explosion ruffled the crowd’s hair, causing their clothes to flutter. They squinted to see past the dust.
As the wind subsided, a tall, middle- aged man in a fiery red robe and silver hair stood confidently. He had sharp eyes and emitted a heat that raised the surrounding temperature.
“It’s Zachary Graves! One of the five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno!”
The entire scene erupted in astonishment when they saw his face.
“What? Zachary Graves? What’s he doing here?”
“Wow! I never expected to see a grandmaster martial artist here!”
“With Zachary here, General Murray and his men won’t get away with anything today.”
Zachary’s presence ignited the crowd’s excitement. The five ultimate grandmasters of Balerno were exceptionally skilled. Each of them was capable of taking on many opponents. At that moment, the Grant family had grown even stronger with Zachary on their side.
“Arthur, I heard there was some commotion here. Do you know who’s causing it?” Zachary approached confidently, his head held high.
“Well, it’s these people right in front of you.” Arthur pointed to Christopher and his men.
“Christopher, you were itching for a match, right? Well, now’s your chance to prove yourself. Test your skills against Zachary. Let’s see how you fare.
Christopher furrowed his brow at the suggestion. He knew Zachary’s martial prowess was as good as Paul’s. Even at his best, Christopher wouldn’t have been sure of victory. Now, he was still recovering from his recent injuries two days ago. If they clashed, there was no guarantee he would win.
“Calling for backup doesn’t prove your strength. If you’re brave enough, challenge me yourself!” Christopher said to Arthur.
“Zachary is a guest of the Grant family, not a stranger,” Arthur responded calmly. “Besides, I’m a civil servant. I don’t engage in physical combat.
“If you’re eager for a fight, then challenge him. But if you don’t feel up to it, take your group and leave.”
“Old fool, you think you can outsmart me with this plan? Do you believe I can’t handle you?” Christopher said firmly.
“General Murray, I’ve heard about your long and successful career on the battlefield, with skills that left everyone in awe. You have never tasted defeat. I’m genuinely excited to witness your skills.”
###Chapter 1240 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1240
Zachary flashed a sly grin. “Some argue that military strategy and martial arts are two different things. I’m curious if you are the master of combat, or is it my martial arts that will shine?”
His words excited the onlookers as they sensed a challenge brewing.
It was clear that a duel was going to happen. Christopher was best in strategy and tactics, while Zachary had few rivals in martial arts within the Balerno. Zachary had publicly challenged Christopher, and declining it would ruin Christopher’s reputation.
“Zachary, you’re not qualified to take on General Murray. Allow me to take the challenge instead!” Suddenly, a stern and authoritative female voice broke the tension.
All eyes turned toward a striking woman in red armor with short silver hair and an intimidating aura. She was carrying a three-foot viridescent sword and radiated a commanding presence.
“Wow! Look who’s here, the Scarlet Warrior!”
“Gosh, am I imagining things? Dragonmarsh’s top Goddess of War has joined in, too? What’s happening today? “It’s like a clash of titans! The gods are facing off!”
The place buzzed with excitement as Scarlet arrived. These were big names in Dragonmarsh, and catching a glimpse of even one of them was rare enough. The unexpected appearance of these extraordinary individuals was shocking.
“Oh no, not her again!” Kate whispered, hiding behind Tyler. The memory of Scarlet beheading Dylan with her sword still haunted Kate, filling her with fear.
“Could it be? Did Dustin also invite Scarlet here?”
Trent and the others were left speechless, their faces pale. Scarlet’s appearance at the Harmon residence seemed like a coincidence back then. But her presence now clearly hinted at a strong relationship between her and Dustin.
“Scarlet?” Tyler frowned, his expression turning grim. In Dragonmarsh’s younger generation, Tyler was among the most skilled. But Scarlet was an exception.
Despite years of hard work, Tyler had only achieved the rank of a third- ranking General Lionheart. While Scarlet had reached the prestigious position of a First-Rank Goddess of War, allowing her to have close connections with the royal family. The difference between them was huge.
“Oh, it’s Ms. Spanner,” Christopher remarked with a faint smile, showing little surprise. Considering Dustin’s status, it made sense for someone from the Spanner family to be here.
“Hey, wait up! Can you slow down a bit?
As Scarlet entered, a group of people followed behind her. At the forefront was a man dressed impeccably, exuding elegance and resembling Scarlet. Despite his unassuming appearance, the intensity in his eyes sent shivers down on everyone’s spines.
“Adam Spanner! It’s the God of War!”
The entire room burst into amazement once the crowd saw him.
###Chapter 1241 by Marina Vittori
“What? The God of War? This can’t be real!”
“Oh, my goodness! First, we had the Scarlet Warrior, and now it’s Adam, the God of War. Is the world turning upside down?”
“What’s happening? Who could get the Spanners’ twins involved?” With Adam’s arrival, the scene became even more chaotic.
Adam’s reputation was comparable to, if not surpassed, Scarlet’s. She earned her military rank through combat skill, bravery, and exceptional martial abilities. Conversely, while skilled in martial arts, Adam was also known for his strategic brilliance.
During his military service, he won numerous battles, often overcoming numerical and tactical disadvantages with his brilliant plans. He was a mastermind.
While Scarlet excelled in combat skills, Adam shone with his exceptional intelligence. These sibling prodigies, known as the Spanners’ twins, were unrivaled in military expertise throughout Dragonmarsh.
“We’re in trouble now! The God of War has arrived!” Kate panicked, sweating nervously. Dealing with Scarlet was already a challenge, and now they faced a double threat.
“How did this happen? Is there no hope left for the Harmon family?”
Trent and the others were disheartened; their legs felt weak. They knew that if the Grant family couldn’t deal with them, they would blame the Harmon family, making them the scapegoats.
“Scarlet? Adam? How did they both end up here?” Tyler frowned, looking grim.
The Spanners’ twins were the leading young talents of Dragonmarsh, the future pillars of the nation. They held higher status, power, and potential compared to Tyler. Their arrival felt like two imposing mountains closing in on him.
“Wow, it’s quite the scene here!” Adam observed the surroundings. With all eyes on him, he approached Dustin with a friendly grin. “Bro, are we on time?”
“Yes, you made it right on time.” Dustin nodded.
“Great,” Adam replied with a smile. He greeted Christopher and George. Hello, General Murray and Lord Xenos.”
“No need for formalities, God of War;” George quickly responded. Adam might have the same rank as George, but he had a lot more influence over him. Most importantly, Adam was still under 30, with unlimited opportunities to gain titles and honors.
“Hey, you two youngsters are here. Finally, I can take a break,” Christopher commented, stepping aside as if he were just there to watch.
“Come on, Zachary, you said you wanted a challenge? Let’s have some fun!” Scarlet did not hesitate at all.
She unsheathed her viridescent sword and pointed it at Zachary, her eyes filled with determination. Facing such a top-tier grandmaster like him was a rare chance, and today, she intended to make the most of it.
“This…” Zachary’s face froze, and he instinctively glanced at Arthur, who was beside him. He wouldn’t be worried if he were fighting against Christopher, but this was different.
Scarlet was more than just a Dragonmarsh’s Goddess of War. She had the royal family’s support and high regard because of their position in the Spanner family.
###Chapter 1242 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1242
Scarlet was a prominent figure in the nation, establishing herself as a potential leader in the political scene. Zachary may be skilled in martial arts but would not dare to challenge such an influential person.
“Why are you silent now? Weren’t you showing off just now? If you’re brave enough, then fight me. Let’s see your abilities,” Scarlet jeered, shifting everyone’s attention to Zachary.
Zachary found himself in a dilemma. Acknowledging defeat would damage his reputation. But winning could lead to more trouble, risking consequences from the Martial Arts Union and potential blacklisting.
“Scarlet, I used to have a close relationship with your father. Is it fair to bring a crowd to my mansion?” Arthur asked seriously.
Scarlet replied breezily, “What does your connection with my father have to do with me?”
“You!” Arthur seethed with anger, feeling embarrassed to be reprimanded by someone younger. “Alright, let’s calm down,” Adam smiled and stepped forward.
He turned to Arthur and said, “Lord Grant, we didn’t come here to cause trouble today. We are here to get justice. You’re holding someone hostage, so it’s best to let them be the best for everyone.” go. It’ll
“Adam, there appears to be a misunderstanding here. The Grant family values peace and doesn’t kidnap people.
“Besides, today is my grandson’s engagement; we wouldn’t engage in such behavior,” Arthur denied.
“Lord Grant, maintaining this formal facade won’t help much. Your family’s actions are clear, and you know it. “It’s better to admit your mistake before things turn ugly,” Adam said with a forced smile.
“Our family always follows the law. I believe you’ve been misinformed,” Arthur insisted, his tone serious.
“Lord Grant, I’ve given you a polite warning. If you don’t listen, there will be consequences,” Adam’s smile disappeared.
“My sister here isn’t as patient as I am. If you provoke her, things could get messy. Think it through.”
“If you doubt our sincerity, feel free to search to prove it yourself,” Arthur suggested. He remained composed and convincing.
“Arthur, I’ve made my point. If you continue to be uncooperative, don’t blame us for being rude!” Adam’s friendly demeanor dropped, and his face darkened. With that threat, Arthur felt cornered, and his actions became increasingly unreasonable.
“Don’t try to reason with him. He won’t change his mind!” Scarlet, growing impatient, ordered, “Men, start dismantling this place!”
“Yes!” Following her command, the elite members of the Dark Panther Cavalry swiftly sprang into action.
“How dare you! Let’s see who’s brave enough to make the first move!” Arthur shouted, and his guards rushed forward in a tense standoff with the Dark Panther Cavalry. As a fight was about to break out, loud shouts came from the entrance.
“Make way for the Minister of War- Sir Hyde!” “Clear the path for the Commander of the Imperial City Guard-General Barker!”
“Step aside for Marquis of Riaz’s eldest son-Mr. Schmid!”
The three successive shouts were deafening, rattling the scene and instilling fear in everyone.
###Chapter 1243 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1243 
As more high-ranking officials and nobles continued to arrive, the scene became a mess. Notable figures like the Minister of War, the leader of the Imperial City guards, the Marquis of Riaz’s eldest son, and other influential figures from Oakvale arrived. Just looking at this group of VIPs, it was clear they could easily take over Millsburg.
Everyone was stunned, with their jaws dropped in disbelief as these prominent figures appeared one after another. It was something they never imagined.
“Sir Hyde, General Barker, Mr. Schmid, you’ve finally arrived!” Arthur’s face lit up as he greeted his esteemed guests warmly.
They were Minister of War, Landon Hyde, Chief of the Imperial City guards, Rhett Barker, and the Marquis of Riaz’s eldest son, Neal Schmid. They held considerable influence in Oakvale, and in terms of status and power, they were on the same level as the Spanners’ twins.
Especially Landon, the leader of the group, held the highest position within Dragonmarsh. Even the royal family had to show respect to him.
With these influential figures on the Grant family’s side, they were confident in handling any situation.
“Lord Grant, it’s been a while. How have you been?” Landon greeted me with a smile.
“I’m doing well. These old bones still have some life left in them,” Arthur replied with a grin. Then, he turned to Tyler and said, “Ty, what are you waiting for? Come and say hello to Mr. Schmid.”
Tyler approached and respectfully greeted Landon. This surprised everyone. No one had expected that Tyler’s mentor was the Minister of War. It explained how he advanced so fast in his career; he had a powerful backing.
“What? Sir Hyde is Ty’s mentor?” Kate was initially shocked but quickly became excited. “This is incredible! With such a powerful figure backing us, who would dare pick a fight with us!”
The Minister of War was a high- ranking government official with immense power and influence, standing above others. With a simple order, he could decide the faith of Balerno. Even the great Spanners’ twins wouldn’t dare to challenge Landon.
And it wasn’t just Landon supporting the Grant family; Rhett, Neal, and many other respected officials were also on their side. Even the royal family would have to yield temporarily to these influential people.
“No wonder the Grant family is known as a powerful family! What an extensive network of connections they have! Now, we finally have hope!”
Trent and the others were overjoyed, feeling like they had found a savior.
###Chapter 1244 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1244
The Harmons thought the Grant family had lost the battle when the Spanners’ twins appeared. They had even prepared to be treated as the scapegoats.
But Landon and his group appeared like a ray of light, giving them hope. So what if Lord Xenos was here? So what if General Murray was here?
Even with the Spanners’ twins added to the mix, they weren’t a threat to the Grants in front of the high-ranking officials led by the Minister of War.
“Tyler, it’s your engagement day today, but I don’t have much to give you. I’ve carried this emerald with me for many years, and now, I’m passing it to you.
“I hope you continue to strive for excellence in the future.” Landon smiled as he took out an antique emerald and passed it to Tyler.
“Thank you, Sir Hyde.” Tyler received it respectfully with both hands.
“Lord Grant, is something going on? The atmosphere seems tense.” Landon was quick to notice that something was amiss.
“Sir Hyde, we’ve encountered some trouble today. Thankfully, you arrived right on time. “If it had been any later, I think even my mansion would have been destroyed,” Arthur said.
“Oh? Who is so bold as to cause trouble at the Grant family residence?” Landon raised an eyebrow.
“They are closer than you think.” Arthur glanced ahead.
Landon followed his gaze and scanned everyone. “The viceroy of Southern province, the Grand General of Dragonmarsh, and the Spanners’ twins This is quite the gathering.”
“Sir Hyde, these people are behaving rudely. I hope you will serve us justice,” Tyler requested respectfully.
“Don’t worry. With me here, no one will dare cause a scene.” Landon puffed his chest. Gazing intently at Dustin and his group, he declared, “Dear guests, you are welcome to offer your congratulations, but I won’t allow you to cause trouble today!”
“Sir Hyde, we’re not here to cause trouble. But the Grants have offended someone they shouldn’t have.”
Adam stated calmly, “Considering our service in the same government, I’m advising you to stay out of this. I wouldn’t want you ending up in trouble yourself.”
“Oh? Are you threatening me?” Landon sneered. “Adam Spanner, I might have held back if your father were here, but you two are nothing to me.”
Even though the Spanner family held considerable power, he wasn’t one to be easily pushed around. His extensive network of connections had helped him rise to his current position. He had no reason to hold back against the two youngsters.
“Landon Hyde, I have no patience to argue with you. If you dare back the Grants, don’t blame me for what will happen!” Scarlet pointed her sword forward with a sharp gaze.
“This is outrageous!” Right then, the commander of the Imperial City Guards, Rhett Barker, stepped forward.
He blasted, “Scarlet Spanner, is this how you treat your elders? Regardless of the situation, Sir Hyde is your senior. Your blatant disrespect is disgraceful!”
“Barker! Who the hell are you to boss me around?” Scarlet disregarded him.
Rhett said sternly, “Scarlet Spanner, don’t be too arrogant! Don’t think I fear you just because you are the Goddess of War!”
Rhett was only a second-ranking lieutenant general. However, as the commander of the Imperial City Guards, he was deeply trusted by the royal family and held high authority.
He was certainly worthy enough to challenge Dragonmarsh’s Goddess of War. “Let’s have a duel according to martial rules if you don’t fear me!” Scarlet raised her sword slowly.
“You-!” Rhett was about to step forward when Landon raised a hand to stop him. “Scarlet Spanner, this isn’t the front lines. It’s not a place where you can act as you please.
“If you insist on doing things your way, I’ll report you to the royal family!”
“And as for me!” At that moment, Marquis of Riaz’s eldest son, Neal Schmid, stepped forward. He said impassively, “You are terrorizing officials and causing chaos at the Grant family residence. I will not tolerate such lawlessness!”
“That’s right, we will not allow anyone to act like a barbarian here!” At that point, a group of high-ranking officials from Oakvale spoke out in support.
For a moment, the Grant family seemed to have the upper hand.
###Chapter 1245 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1245
“Comparing numbers, now are we? Let’s see how many brains you have here!”
Scarlet didn’t bother wasting her breath at the crowd’s uproar and raised her sword. She was obviously irritated. But before she could attack, Dustin stopped her. “Kid, don’t act impulsively.”
With Scarlet’s temper, she wasn’t afraid to kill. But if she did kill, the consequences would be severe. The people they were up against were of different status. They were Oakvale’s high-ranking officials. If Scarlet hurt them, she would be responsible for it. She might even be dismissed.
The Spanners were a prominent family and had many enemies. Once they had a weakness, their enemies would use it against them.
The prime example was the time he was falsely accused of starting a rebellion. He didn’t want Scarlet to get into trouble because of him.
“Dustin, these people are despicable and only bully the weak. They will continue their acts if we don’t teach them a lesson.” Scarlet glared fiercely at the group of people across from them.
“I know. Leave this to me.” Dustin slowly pushed Scarlet’s sword down. He turned his attention to Landon. Coldly, he said, “Sir Hyde, I don’t wish to make a big fuss out of this. We’ll leave as soon as the Grants release my friends.”
If it weren’t because he was worried for Natasha’s safety, he would never have been so calm.
“And who the hell are you? Do you have the right to speak here?” Landon gave him a disdainful side-eye, not hiding his contempt. How dare a nobody speak to him?
“Sir Hyde, I’m just seeking justice. I hope you will cooperate with us.” Dustin’s tone was neutral.
“Justice? Ha! You broke into Grant manor and caused chaos, yet you’re demanding justice?” Landon sneered. “I’m warning you. Leave immediately, or you won’t be able to bear the consequences!”
“Sir Hyde, my patience has limits; don’t push my buttons.” Dustin’s expression grew cold. He had been extremely accommodating, but the person before him was too stubborn.
“So what if I do? Who the hell do you think you are to threaten me? I can ruin your family with just one word!” Landon roared. “Hyde! Do you intend to fight?” Dustin’s gaze was turning hostile.
“Are you even worthy of fighting me? You should go back and check your attitude.” Landon didn’t bother to hide his disdain.
“You’re seeking death!” Before Dustin could respond, Scarlet couldn’t hold back any longer. She raised her sword and thrust it toward Landon’s chest. Her attack was quick, precise, and forceful. It was a ruthless attack aimed at taking his life.
Dustin was a line of hers that no one should ever cross. Anyone who insulted him had to pay with their life!
“The audacity!” Rhett roared and unsheathed his sword. The two swords clashed with a clang. Rhett staggered backward by the impact, almost losing his balance. His sword also broke in the process.
While Scarlet only jerked slightly as she deflected the attack. She raised her sword once more, aiming at Landon.
“What?” Landon’s eyes twitched. He retreated hastily in shock. He didn’t expect Scarlet to be reckless and use violence openly.
She was disregarding the court’s laws and the royal family’s authority. She was a madwoman! At that moment, Zacahry jumped in and launched a palm attack, bending Scarlet’s sword.
Scarlet frowned. She was about to launch another attack when a loud voice echoed through the entrance.
“Princess Consort of Theswe has arrived!”
The announcement left everyone in shock.
###Chapter 1246 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1246
Everyone instinctively turned toward the voice. At the entrance, they saw a group of armed guards escorting several aristocrats, marching in magnificently. Leading the group was an elegantly dressed, beautiful young woman.
The beautiful young woman seemed to take good care of her appearance and looked to be in her early 30s. She exuded an air of grace and elegance, her every move screaming royalty.
Beside her was a handsome young man who had his hands in his pockets. As he walked in, his gaze darted around his surroundings, looking indifferent.
“Oh my goodness, it is the Princess Consort of Theswe! Why is she here?”
“The Princess Consort of Theswe? The one from West Lucozia?”
“Of course! Who else would dare claim that title?” After seeing the beautiful young woman, the scene was again thrown into chaos. Even the high-ranking officials of Oakvale became respectful.
They wouldn’t have felt so nervous if it were just any other Princess Consort. But the Princess Consort of Theswe was different. Her power and status far surpassed that of an ordinary Princess Consort.
It was because the Prince of Theswe had extraordinary achievements, holding unparalleled influence and authority.
He was the only one to bear the country’s name within his title, allowing him to sit on an equal footing with the King and the government.
He was known as the top figure in the country, the most prominent figure of Dragonmarsh. Naturally, his wife enjoyed a similar level of prestige.
Most importantly, it was because before marrying the Prince of Theswe, the Princess Consort of Theswe was Dragonmarsh’s eldest Princess. The king’s sister! That was the reason she was so respected.
“That’s strange, isn’t the Princess Consort of Theswe always at West Lucozia? What is she doing in Balerno?”
The high-ranking officials exchanged surprised glances mixed with confusion. “Lord Grant, are you acquainted with the Princess Consort of Theswe?” an official looked at Arthur curiously.
“Acquainted?” Arthur’s expression stiffened, and he immediately shook his head. With his status, how would he dare befriend the Princess Consort of Theswe? He was just an earl and didn’t hold much power, while she was the Princess Consort with the highest authority.
The difference in their status was like night and day. Even if he were to grovel and curry favor, there was no guarantee that she would respond.
“If the Princess Consort of Theswe isn’t here because of the Grants, then it must be out of respect for Sir Hyde,” Rhett piped up.
“That’s right! Out of all of us, only Sir Hyde is worthy of requesting an audience before the Princess Consort of Theswe,” Neal chimed in.
While the position of the Minister of War might not compare with that of the Princess Consort, he was still a prominent official with a wide connection. It was normal for them to be acquainted.
“Me? Landon was taken aback, feeling doubtful. He had only met the Princess Consort of Theswe a few times, and they weren’t exactly acquainted. With her sudden appearance, was she here to help him?
“Sir Hyde, I never expected your influence to be so vast that you got even the Princess Consort of Theswe to arrive. I’m impressed!” Tyler expressed his admiration.
“Hahaha! With the Princess Consort of Theswe assistance, even the Spanner twins would have to bow down!” Arthur grinned widely.
“As expected of Sir Hyde, you’re truly amazing!” The group of high-ranking officials showered him with praise.
All the flattering left Landon on cloud nine. Although he was puzzled, it was true that he was the only one worthy of an audience with the Princess Consort of Theswe.
With this in mind, Landon straightened his collar and greeted her with a smile. Respectfully, he said, “Welcome, Your Highness. We are honored to be graced with your presence.”
Without a word, the beautiful young woman suddenly raised her hand and slapped Landon hard across the face.a She spat out, “Get on your knees!”
###Chapter 1247 by Marina Vittori
“What?” The sudden turn of events left everyone dumbfounded. Nobody expected the Princess of Theswe to greet Landon with a slap to the face. It was a simple, brutal action without any warning nor words of exchange.
The problem was Landon was the Minister of War and an official of the first rank. She completely disregarded him by slapping him in public.
“Yo-Your Highness, why did you hit me?” Landon was dumbfounded. He felt disoriented as he clutched his throbbing cheek.
He would have flown into a rage if it had been just another ordinary aristocrat. But given that this was the Princess Consort of Theswe and Dragonmarsh’s eldest princess, he could only hold it in even if he was frustrated.
“That slap was for your ignorance. Now, kneel before you speak.” The beautiful woman spoke icily.
“Your Highness, I don’t understand. What have I done to offend you?” Landon summoned up the courage to ask.
She struck him hard across the face again. Coldly, she demanded, “Are you deaf? I told you to kneel when you talk!”
The corner of Landon’s eyes twitched. Holding in his anger, he fell to his knees with a thud. They were akin to rulers and subjects. If the Princess Consort of Theswe demanded him to kneel in public, he could only follow.
At that moment, Arthur’s smile froze, along with the rest of his group. They exchanged anxious glances.
They had initially thought the Princess of Theswe had made an appearance due to her acquaintance with Landon. But now, that wasn’t the case.
Could it be that Landon had previously offended the Princess Consort?
“Landon Hyde, do you realize what you have done wrong?” The woman questioned him imposingly.
“I do,” Landon responded obediently with his head lowered. Although puzzled, he just had to admit it to conclude this matter.
“Then why don’t you tell me what you did wrong?” the woman asked again.
“What?” Landon’s expression stiffened. He was at a loss for words. He didn’t even do anything. What could he have done wrong?
But he couldn’t say that. He could only respond submissively, “Your Highness, if you believe I have done wrong, then I have indeed done wrong.
“Hmph! You’re pretty sly. You shall continue to kneel until you’ve truly realized your mistake.”
She then turned to Rhett, Neal, and the rest of the group. She said coldly, “As for the rest of you, all of you, kneel!”
“What?” The group was taken aback. They exchanged glances, unsure of how to react. “What are you doing still standing there? Kneel down!” Landon turned around and roared at them.
“Right… Kneel!” The crowd snapped out of their daze and kneeled without hesitation. Even the Minister of War was on his knee; how could they hesitate?
The earlier high-ranking officials who were full of pride were now submissive under the Princess Consort of Theswe’s imposing presence.
“Tyler, what’s going on? Did Sir Hyde offend the Princess Consort of Theswe before?” Kate trembled as she knelt on the ground.
“How am I supposed to know?” Tyler said through gritted teeth in frustration.
###Chapter 1248 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1248
“We can only hope that the Princess Consort of Theswe will not implicate us Grants,” Arthur said, swallowing dryly.
He had lost his previous arrogance. It was now replaced with fear and anxiety. The Princess Consort of Theswe’s appearance had changed the situation unexpectedly.
“Hmph! You bunch of impudent scum! You would have lost your heads if the Prince of Theswe was here!” The beautiful woman sneered.
Then, under the watchful eyes of many, she walked up to Dustin. Her previously proud and cold demeanor disappeared. It was now replaced with a rare smile.
“Logan, long time no see. How have you been all these years?”
“Thank you for your concern, Your Highness. I’ve been living quite well.” Dustin nodded slightly without arrogance. While he didn’t exactly hate the woman before him, he didn’t have positive feelings about her either.
“Ten years had gone by so quickly. You’ve grown so much, I almost didn’t recognize you.”
She smiled, then waved to someone behind her. “Austin, why are you still standing there? Come and greet your brother.”
“Logan?” Austin stood frozen in place, examining Dustin from head to toe. His expression betrayed his astonishment, joy, and disbelief. He rubbed his eyes.
After making sure it wasn’t a mistake, he suddenly leaped into Dustin’s arms and held him tight. Bawling loudly, he cried, “Logan, I’ve missed you so much! I couldn’t believe it when our old man first said you were alive.
“But you are alive! This is great!
“Ten years! It’s been ten years! Do you know how I’ve been living for the past ten years?
“You promised to take me on adventures around the world, but you left me all alone at home instead! You’re so heartless!”
Austin disregarded his image as he cried bitterly in Dustin’s arms. He looked like a wife who had just been abandoned.
“Okay, that’s enough. You’re in your twenties now. Does it make sense for you to cry like this?” Dustin patted his shoulder.
Austin Rhys was Dustin’s half-brother from a different mother and a mischievous troublemaker. In public, this young man feared nothing. But he didn’t dare be unruly in front of Dustin.
And that was because Dustin had beaten him up many times since childhood. Yet, this young man clung to him like chewing gum. The more he beat him up, the more he became attached, so much that he couldn’t shake him off.
“I’m just happy, alright?” Austin said as he continued bawling.
“We’ve reunited after so long. Can’t I cry a little?” He sniffled.
The people around them were dumbfounded and in utter shock. Wasn’t that the Princess Consort of Theswe’s son? Why did he look like a fool?
“If you’re going to cry, do it later. I have something to deal with right now.. “Dustin pushed Austin, who was covered in snot, away in disgust.
“Oh… I almost forgot.” Austin wiped his tears away and turned his attention to Landon. He was upset when he said, “Logan, is this old man bullying you? I’ll teach him a lesson!”
As soon as he said that, he charged toward Landon. “Your Highness-” Landon was about to say something when Austin jumped up and kicked him in the face.
Landon was sent flying from the impact and fell heavily to the ground, groaning in pain. He bled from his nose and even lost two teeth, looking extremely disheveled.
“You old geezer! Do you know who you’ve offended?” Austin rolled up his sleeves and stepped on Landon’s chest.
He declared loudly, “Listen up! The person you provoked is my brother!
“The legendary Kirin! And the future Prince of West Lucozia!
“Are you dumb? How dare you challenge the Rhys family and the entire West Lucozian monarchy?”
###Chapter 1249 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1249
Austin’s hands were on his hips. With one foot stepping down on Landon’s chest, he launched into a violent tirade.
Every word he uttered was an earth- shattering revelation that shocked the crowd. For a moment, the entire scene was covered in silence. Everyone was dumbfounded and in disbelief.
They could never have imagined that Dustin had hidden such a huge secret. He was Austin’s eldest brother, the unparalleled Kirin, and the Crown Prince of West Lucozia. The three revelations weighed upon them like three massive mountains.
“I-I know who he is now. He was that monstrous genius who stirred Oakvale into a storm ten years ago. Logan Rhys!
“What? Logan Rhys? Isn’t he supposed to be dead? How can he still be alive?”
“Logan Rhys… It’s Logan Rhys! Oh my goodness! How did we manage to offend such an influential figure?”
After a brief silence, the entire scene erupted into chaos. Everyone had their attention on Dustin. Their faces displayed astonishment, fear, doubt, and mostly disbelief.
Logan Rhys was the Kirin of the Rhys family and a true legend. Ten years ago, he was already a name that shook the world and dominated the scene. All the other geniuses were nothing compared to him. Even the Spanner family twins trailed far behind him.
Claiming that Logan was simply unmatched a decade ago wasn’t an exaggeration. No one was able to accomplish what he had done.
“H-He… He’s the Kirin? Logan Rhys? “The color drained from Landon’s face as he froze in place. It was as if he was struck by lightning.
As a senior official, he might not have known all the details, but he personally witnessed the events that happened ten years ago.
That incident lasted three days and nights, plunging the entire City of Aylka into chaos. Bodies piled up like mountains, and rivers of blood flowed.
It was a devastating tragedy, and Logan was the reason it occurred. The demon behind the bloodshed nearly overthrew the government.
Landon could never have imagined that he would unknowingly offend such a legendary figure. He was in deep shit!
“H-How is that possible? How can he be the Kirin? “He has no background! He’s just a boy toy!” Kate shook her head repeatedly in disbelief.
When she knew Dustin, he was merely Natasha’s boy toy. Though he had both literary and martial talents, he was a nobody. He was just a country bumpkin who made a small name for himself in the city.
But he had suddenly undergone an astonishing transformation. His status turned from a nobody to the heir of the royal family. He was now a figure of immense power. The huge change left Kate struggling to comprehend reality.
“How? How did things turn out like this?” At that moment, even the once- proud Tyler was shaken to his core. He had always seen Dustin as an insignificant person he could easily crush. He never once considered him a threat. But he finally realized how wrong he was.
It turned out that the insignificant being stood at the top of the world. He was a monstrous genius that made all other geniuses feel inferior!
His arrogance now appeared laughable in Dustin’s presence, absurd and unworthy.
“This is a disater!”
###Chapter 1250 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1250
Arthur was overcome with panic as he broke out in a sweat. Dustin was the Rhys family’s Kirin and the future Prince of Theswe. The Grants had provoked someone they never should have.
“It’s over… we’re done for!” Trent fell to the ground with a thud; the color drained from his face.
The elders of the Harmon family were also filled with despair, deeply regretting their actions. Nobody expected Dustin to have hidden such a terrifying background. It sent shivers down their spines.
The Grant family was powerful and influential enough to have support from the Minister of War and other high-ranking officials. They were undeniably a force to be reckoned with in Balerno,
But all of that was nothing compared to a colossal figure like the Prince of Theswe. They were but insignificant pawns that would never be able to put up any resistance. They stood on entirely different planes of status.
As the Crown Prince, Dustin could destroy the entire Grant family if he wanted to. And the Harmons would also suffer the consequences.
“You old geezer! Do you realize now the power my brother holds? “How dare you challenge him? You must be tired of living!” Austin shouted imposingly.
“T-This is all a misunderstanding!” Landon panicked and went down on his knees, apologizing repeatedly.
“I was ignorant and misunderstood the Crown Prince. Please forgive me, Your Highness!” As he spoke, he hit his head on the ground forcefully a few times. As the illustrious Minister of War, Landon had lost all his dignity. He turned submissive and fearful.
Had it been any other Crown Prince, he wouldn’t have had to lower himself to this extent and beg for forgiveness.
However, Logan was different. As the Crown Prince of West Lucozia, he had extraordinary talents and had a father with unparalleled power and influence.
What was even more terrifying was that he commanded 50 thousand West Lucozian troops. As the most elite army in Dragonmarsh, these 50 thousand troops could overthrow the entire monarchy!
It wasn’t an exaggeration to claim that the Prince of West Lucozia could easily shield Logan from repercussions if he were to kill him.
That was why Landon had no choice but to admit to his mistake and plead for mercy. That was the might of the Prince of West Lucozia!
The crowd was silent as they watched Landon bow on the ground. What chance did they have if even the Minister of War was reduced to nothing,
“Logan! How should we deal with this old geezer? If you don’t like him, just say the word.
“I’ll make him disappear from the face of this earth!” Austin declared without reservation.
“N-N-No, Your Highness! It has nothing to do with me. I’m only here to attend an engagement party. I’ve never wronged you!” Landon pleaded desperately.
“Shut your trap!” Austin kicked him to the ground again.
He cursed, “You old geezer, you’ve been bullying and oppressing the common folk for far too long! It’s about time you pay the price!”
“Logan, if you were wronged, I’ll back you up.” The Princess Consort of Theswe suddenly voiced her stance, clearly supporting Austin’s actions.
“While everyone is responsible for their actions, Sir Hyde’s ignorance doesn’t warrant death,” Dustin finally said. Landon was still an official of the first rank and the Minister of War. If something were to happen to him, it would lead to unnecessary trouble.
“Thank you for your mercy, Your Highness!” Landon wept with gratitude and bowed a few more times.
“Sir Hyde, the Grants have kidnapped my girlfriend. How are you planning on dealing with this?” Dustin suddenly asked.
“I understand! I will handle it immediately!” Landon reacted instantly and rushed up to Arthur.
Delivering a resounding slap to his face, Landon yelled, “You impudent criminal! How dare you kidnap the Crown Princess Consort?
“You must be tired of living! Release her immediately!”
###Chapter 1251 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1251
Arthur was slapped so hard across the face that he almost stumbled. A handprint was visible on his cheek.
But he didn’t dare voice his frustration. Instead, he turned around instantly and roared at Trent and his group, “All of this is happening because of all of you!
“What are you doing just standing there? Let them go!” Arthur quickly distanced himself from them to avoid being implicated.
“What?” Trent and his group exchanged glances, unsure of what to do. Although they knew they kidnapped Natasha, they didn’t know where she was being held. Feeling helpless, they could only look to Kate for help.
“In… In the secret room. They’re being held in the secret room.” Kate shrunk back. In the end, she confessed with her head down.
“Hurry! Save them!” Landon cried as he led a group of high-ranking officials straight to the Grant family’s secret room. It was the best chance for them to make amends. Naturally, they had to perform well.
“All of you better pray that Natasha is safe and sound. Otherwise, I will make you pay a heavy price,” Dustin said stoically.
Dustin’s gaze bore into each member of the Grant and Harmon families. It left them trembling with fear as if their souls had left their bodies. As they waited tensely, Natasha and Ruth were found safe. Fortunately, they were unharmed but unconscious.
Dustin walked up to Natasha and carefully checked her condition. He breathed a sigh of relief after confirming her well-being. Now that Natasha was safe, it was time to settle the score.
“Now tell me, how do you intend to resolve this matter today?” Dustin questioned coldly. “Didn’t we already release Natasha? What more do you want from us?” Tyler frowned as he asked. He still couldn’t accept that a nobody was now above him.
“Indeed, you kidnapped them, and you have also let them go. But did all of you would escape the you think consequences just because you let them go?
“Based on your logic, you would be free of guilt if I stabbed you and pulled out the knife,” Dustin countered.
“Then what do you want?” Tyler’s expression was getting ugly.
“It’s simple; hand over the mastermind. Whoever orchestrated this kidnapping should pay the price.” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“Your Highness! We had nothing to do with this. The Harmons were the ones who planned the kidnapping!” Arthur immediately clarified.
“That’s right! It was all because of the internal strife within the Harmons! They planned all of this!” the Grant family members quickly chimed in.
Since they were in a tight spot and had to protect themselves, they shifted all the blame to the Harmons and denied any wrongdoing.
Otherwise, the entire Grant mansion would be thrown into chaos if Logan became enraged.
“Was it your doing?” Dustin turned his attention to the Harmon family members.
“We…” Trent and the rest of them exchanged glances. They were hesitant and unsure of how to explain themselves. Although they wanted to escape from being blamed, they couldn’t find a scapegoat at such short notice.
Under the watchful eyes of the Grant family, it seemed like they could only accept their fate. “Seems like all of you are involved.” Dustin’s gaze grew colder.
“As relatives of the same bloodline, how could you do something like this? Where is your conscience?” Dustin yelled.
Given the Grant’s and the Harmon’s hostile relationship, he wouldn’t have been so angry if the Grants had been the ones to plan the kidnapping.
###Chapter 1252 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1252
It was the Harmons themselves, Natasha’s own family, who kidnapped her and led to Hector’s death. Dustin could no longer tolerate their selfish behavior.
“Dustin, we were wrong. We won’t do it again. Please spare us!
“We promise never to go against Natasha ever again!” Kate quickly begged for mercy when she noticed their dire situation.
“What’s the point of saying all these now?” Dustin replied coldly.
“You’ve repeatedly resorted to dirty tricks and fought for power. While it was already getting out of hand, at least you hadn’t crossed certain lines.
“But this time, your actions have shown a complete lack of humanity! You’ve lost all conscience and are worse than animals. What makes you think you deserve forgiveness?”
“Regardless, we are still Natasha’s relatives. We share the same blood. If something were to happen to us, she would surely be heartbroken.
“You love her so much; you wouldn’t want to see her in tears, would you?” Kate began playing the emotional card.
“Relatives? Same blood? How brave of you to utter those words!” Dustin scoffed. Pointing at Hector’s lifeless body, he yelled, “Open up your goddamn eyes! Just look at who’s lying on that floor!
“You killed Natasha’s father, yet you dare to spout complete bullshit like this? You are nothing but shameless!”
“I… .” Kate was momentarily speechless. Beside her, Trent and the rest of the group hung their heads in shame beside her. Although they never intended to kill, they shared the responsibility for Hector’s death.
“Someone must be held accountable for Mr. Harmon’s death. Whoever is the mastermind should know what to do.” Dustin’s tone was icy. As he spoke, he threw a knife before the Harmons with a loud clang.
“What?” Looking at the sharp knife, the Harmons exchanged bewildered glances. Dustin was sending a clear warning. Whoever confessed to their crimes would die.
They only had one life. Who would willingly step forward to be the scapegoat? “What? No one is going to confess?” Dustin’s gaze turned cold. His voice was chilling, “If no one dares confess to their crimes, then everyone dies!”
“What?” The expressions of the Harmon family members shifted upon hearing Dustin’s words. He was going to punish all of them. Either one person took the blame, or the entire family faced death. Under these circumstances, someone had to bear the responsibility.
It was impossible to cover up the truth at this point. Realizing this, most eyes inadvertently turned toward Kate. Many of them were aware that Kate had started the whole fiasco. However, nobody dared call her out on it because of her status.
After all, they couldn’t offend the patriarch’s daughter and Tyler’s fiance. However, the situation was different now. Their lives were at stake. If they didn’t reveal the truth, all of them would suffer.
“W-What are all of you looking at me for? It wasn’t me!” Kate exclaimed anxiously. Her eyes emitted a threat in response to the strange glances she felt piercing her. “Kate, we all know what you have done. Just own up to your actions!”
“That’s right! You can’t make us all suffer for your deeds!”
“Kate Harmon, you must face the consequences for your mistakes. Stop trying to evade responsibility and confess to your crimes. That’s your best chance at a favorable outcome!”
Driven by the imminent threat of death, they were no longer concerned about their familial ties. At that moment, Kate became the target of criticism among the Harmons.
###Chapter 1253 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1253
“Hey! Stop spouting nonsense! I didn’t do anything! It has nothing to do with me!”
In the face of the crowd’s accusations, Kate was exasperated. “I’m warning you! If you accuse me again, I’ll beat all of you up!”
Naturally, as the matter involved her life, she would never admit her involvement. She couldn’t let herself die in vain.
“Kate Harmon! Stop messing around! If you don’t confess, none of us will survive!”
“That’s right! It is your crime! Why must you push the blame onto us?” The Harmon family members grew agitated. They never expected Kate to be so shameless and unapologetic in her lies. Everyone knew that the situation was already beyond redemption. There was no saving for the mastermind behind it all.
If Kate confessed to her crimes, she would at least be able to save the Harmons. However, she wasn’t only unwilling to admit it; she was trying to implicate the entire family. What a malicious woman!
“Kate! The evidence is as clear as day. It’s not something you can argue your way out of! “Hurry up and admit to your crimes!” Arthur couldn’t help but raise his voice at her.
It would be troublesome if her refusal to confess dragged the Grants into the mud. “Just admit to your crimes. That way, your family can live,” Tyler said coldly.
“Tyler…” Kate was stunned and in disbelief as if she had been struck by lightning. She had expected Tyler to back her up, but his words made her lose all hope. She was truly done for this time if even Tyler wouldn’t help her.
“Kate Harmon, everyone is saying it was you. Are you still going to evade responsibility?” Dustin advanced with a murderous glare.
“No… It wasn’t me… I didn’t… It has nothing to do with me…” The color drained from Kate’s face as she frantically shook her head, denying it repeatedly. However, her explanations at that moment sounded feeble.
“Who was it then, if not you?” Dustin asked imposingly. “It’s … It’s…” Kate’s desperate gaze swept across the room. In the end, she made a decision.
She pointed at Trent and cried out, “It was my father! He instructed me to do everything! He’s behind all of this!”
“Me?” Trent was stunned at being singled out. He had been thinking of ways to save his daughter. But the next thing he knew, his daughter had pinned the blame on him. She shifted all responsibility onto his shoulders.
For a moment, he was at a loss for words. “You’re saying that Trent is the true mastermind?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“That’s right! It was my father! He planned all of this!
“He had me kidnap Natasha. I was just following his orders! I don’t know anything!” Kate quickly threw the blame on someone else.
The fear of death had overridden any sense of familial loyalty. She simply wanted to find a scapegoat and survive. “Kate…” Trent was about to say something when Kate cut him off.
“Dad, just admit you did it! It’s all your fault. You planned everything. “Don’t try to argue anymore. Don’t drag me into this mess!
“I’m still young. I don’t want to die!
“Dad! I’m begging you, just admit it! If you don’t die, I won’t be able to live!” By the end of it, she was sobbing inconsolably.
Her eyes were filled with a mix of pleading and sorrow. She knew her father was the only person who could help her now. As long as her father confessed to the crime and took on the blame for her, she would be able to live.
###Chapter 1254 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1254
Despite her shameless and disgraceful behavior, she was only concerned about her life now. She was betting on whether her father would be willing to sacrifice himself for her.
“Kate Harmon! Are you even human? How could you accuse your father to clear yourself of guilt? You’re worse than an animal!”
“That’s right! Your father worked hard to raise you, yet you’re framing him? It’s one thing to be ungrateful, but this is too much!”
“What an unfilial child! You’re a monster!”
The Harmons rebuked her angrily. Kate’s unfilial behavior angered them. She caused this mess, yet she wanted her father to bear the blame. She had no conscience at all.
“Shut up! All of you shut up!” Kate was furious and yelled repeatedly. She then turned her attention back to Trent and appeared pitiful once again.” Dad, you watched me grow up. You’ve always been so fond of me. You certainly can’t bear to see me die, right?
“You’re already old and have a few years left to live. But I’m still young. I have a beautiful life and future ahead of me. I don’t want to die here!
“Dad! Hurry up and confess to your crimes! I will lose my life if you don’t do it!” Kate grew agitated. Her voice grew louder and louder until she became hysterical.
Her once beautiful face now looked like a complete maniac. “Kate, you’re right. I’m indeed guilty, and I admit it.” Seeing his deranged daughter, Trent smiled bitterly.
His gaze had no anger nor hate, only pity and headache. But above all, he felt helpless. At that moment, he deeply regretted his decision back then.
He shouldn’t have fought for power, he shouldn’t have forced Hector from his position, and he never should have trusted the Grants.
Because of his greed, he had made the wrong decision and walked down a destructive path. And ultimately, it led to today. He had to take responsibility for breaking up the Harmons, and he also had to take responsibility for Hector’s death.
But most importantly, he had to take responsibility for his daughter’s spiral into madness. He was a sinner, an unforgivable sinner. If he could trade his life for his daughter’s, he would do so willingly.
“There! Did you hear that? My father confessed!
“He confessed to his crimes!” Kate’s expression brimmed with delight. It was as if she had managed to seize a lifeline.
“Mr. Trent, what are you saying? It was Kate’s fault. Why are you taking the blame?”
“That right, Mr. Trent. There’s no reason to protect a disgraceful daughter like her. Just let her face the consequences!”
The Harmons spoke up indignantly. They were bewildered.
“That’s enough!” Trent raised his hand to silence them. Taking a deep breath, he continued calmly, “I was the one who led the Harmons into this predicament. I committed deeds I never should have, resulting in this irreparable outcome.
“I’m ashamed before the family, Hector, and all of you. I … I deserve more than death.”
The crowd was stunned by his words.. Was he seeking death?
“Dustin…” Trent turned around slowly. His gaze was serene when he said, “I did everything. I’m willing to take accountability for my actions. I only hope you will spare my daughter and the rest of the Harmons.”
“You’re in no position to negotiate,” Dustin responded coldly. “You’re right. I’m not worthy. I’m just a criminal.” Trent let out a self- deprecating chuckle.
With a complex mix of emotions, he turned to Kate. He spoke softly, “Kate, I’m sorry. This is all I can do for you. I’m not strong enough to protect you.
“I just hope you will stay safe forever. I’m leaving now…” “Trent picked up the knife from the ground and slashed his neck.
Right there and then, he died at his own hand.
###Chapter 1255 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1255
The moment the sharp blade cut through his neck, massive amounts of blood gushed out. The next second, Trent’s body fell to the ground with a loud thud. There seemed to be a serene smile on his face as if he was finally free.
“Dad?” Kate was bewildered as she stood frozen in place. For a moment, she was unable to react. Trent’s blood just so happened to splatter onto her face. And her already maniacal expression became even more deranged, like a demon’s.
“Mr. Hector!”
“Trent!”
The Harmons screamed, filled with a mix of grief and anger. They were Trent’s close confidants and shared his glory and downfall with him. With Trent’s death. they knew the Harmons would never be able to recover from this.
“He’s dead… The criminal is dead!” After a momentary daze, Kate was relieved. She began to scream frantically, ” Dustin! Did you see that? My dad is dead!
“The mastermind had paid for the crime with his life! Please, put this matter to rest now.”
While she was slightly sad about her father’s death, she was mainly happy to be alive. From her perspective, as long as her father took on the blame for her, she could escape the situation unscathed.
“Put this matter to rest? Do you think that’s possible?” Dustin was unmoved.
He could tell that Trent had traded his life for his daughter’s. From a father’s perspective, it was the only thing he could have done. However, he wasn’t planning on letting this matter go easily.
Those guilty had to take responsibility for their actions. And if he didn’t uproot the problem, it might lead to trouble again one day. “Dustin, my dad is already dead. What more do you want?” Kate was crying bitterly.
“Your dad is dead, but you aren’t. Did you think you could get away with doing all these disgusting acts? You are too naive,” Dustin said coldly.
“Y-You… what do you mean? It was my dad who did everything. I don’t know anything!” Kate was overwhelmed with panic.
“Alright, stop the act. I know what kind of person you are. There’s no point in acting pitiful before me..
“You have two choices now. Either you take your own life or be sent to Azkaban,” Dustin said, unfazed.
“No… I don’t want to die! The criminal has paid with his life. It has nothing to do with me! “I’m still young; I have a bright future ahead of me. You can’t kill me! You can’t!” Kate shook her head frantically.
“Since you I chose to live, you can stay inside Azkaban.”
Dustin gestured and instructed coldly, 11 Take her to Azkaban. I want her never to see the light of day again!”
“Right away!” A group of Darklaws disciples grinned.
Azkaban was countless people’s nightmares and a place that haunted them emotionally. If it weren’t for Dustin, they would have stayed in there their whole life.
“No! I’m not going! That is no place for humans!” Kate struggled desperately. She was shaking with sobs.
“Dustin, let me go! Please, let me go! I’ve realized my mistakes!
“I will never do it again. As long as you spare me, I’ll be your slave! I’ll serve you for eternity! I’m begging you!”
“Take her away.” Dustin was unmoved and ordered his men to drag her away by force. Azkaban was probably the most fitting place for a corrupt lunatic like her.
“No-!” They heard Kate’s shrilling cries from afar, which carried a sense of desperation and reluctance. But this time, nobody could save her.
“And you lot. All of you are no saints.” After Kate was dragged out, Dustin turned to the rest of the Harmons.
###Chapter 1256 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1256
“Your Highness, it has nothing to do with us! “We didn’t do anything!” The Harmon family members panicked, groveling as they begged for mercy.
“None of you are blameless in this incident,” Dustin stated coldly.
“All of you betrayed the family by acting as accomplices to the mastermind. Tearing the family apart and bringing the family business to a slump ultimately led to its downfall.
“How can any of you claim innocence?”
“We…” They had no words. The Harmons were once one of the top prominent families of Millsburg. But now, they were falling apart, heading towards their doom.
They indeed bore their share of responsibility. If they hadn’t joined Trent in pursuing power and wealth and hadn’t started an internal strife in the family, they perhaps could have had better lives.
Unfortunately, it was all too late. “I won’t get involved in your crimes. Natasha will deal with all of you when she regains consciousness.” Without another word, he waved. ” Take them all in and keep a watchful eye on them!”
“Yes, sir!” A group of disciples from the Kirin Gang swarmed in. They arrested the members of the Harmon family and took them away.
“Now, it’s your turn.” Dustin turned his attention to the Grants after dealing with the Harmons. “Tell me, how should I deal with you lot?” It was clear that he intended to settle things once and for all.
“Your Highness, everything was orchestrated by the Harmons. We had no part of it!” Arthur attempted to deny the crimes of the Grants.
“Do you think I’m a fool?” Dustin snorted.
“From the very beginning, it was your grandson who was causing trouble behind the scenes. He intentionally sowed discord and inflicted harm upon the Harmons for his selfish interests.
“He manipulated them into turning against each other, leading to their downfall. His despicable acts have already crossed my limits.”
“What?” Arthur was taken aback. His voice trembled. “Your Highness, there must be a misunderstanding.
“My grandson has always been a law- abiding citizen. How could he have done such a thing?”
“Stop pretending. Don’t you know what kind of person your grandson is?” Dustin’s gaze was unrelenting.
“I-I truly had no idea,” Arthur shrank back in fear. “Fine, I’ll assume you didn’t know. Now, you should ask your grandson what he has done,” Dustin said sternly.
“What’s going on, Tyler? You haven’t offended the Crown Prince… have you? Arthur signaled with his eyes.
“Grandpa, it’s pointless. Even if I deny it, he won’t believe me.” Tyler shook his head, evidently choosing not to argue further.
Seeing how Trent and his daughter’s ruse carried no effect whatsoever, he realized that no matter what he said, it wouldn’t change anything.
“Oh? You’re quite level-headed,” Dustin sneered. “Tyler, considering everything you’ve done behind the scenes, deal with you?” how should I
“Dustin, you’re just relying on the support of the West Lucozian monarchy. If we put aside our backgrounds, I might not necessarily lose to you!” Tyler was defiant.
So what if he was the Kirin? That was a glory from a decade ago. It wasn’t unusual for geniuses to lose their talents if they did not put in the effort or have access to resources.
That was why the present Dustin was not necessarily better than him.
“Seems like you’re defiant.” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“Do you think you could win as long as I wasn’t a Rhys?”
“That’s right!” Tyler raised his head, the arrogance returning to his expression. “Dustin, aren’t you the unparalleled Kirin? Do you dare to make a bet with me?”
“What kind of bet are you proposing?” Dustin appeared interested. “According to the rules of the martial world, let’s have a fair and open fight. If I win, all of you will leave immediately, and you will put this matter to rest.
“However, if I lose, you have free rein to decide my fate. Whether you kill me or cut me up, there will be no ions!”
###Chapter 1257 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1257
“The stakes are alright, but why should I agree to the bet?” Dustin stated calmly, “Your life is currently in my hands. What makes you qualified to propose a bet with me?”
Hearing this, Tyler gritted his teeth. Eventually, he said solemnly, “I have a piece of the treasure map, the result of my many years of relentless searching.
“I am willing to stake it against my life in a bet against yours!” Tyler would never have revealed this secret if it weren’t for being cornered.
There were three pieces to the Harmon family’s treasure map. And he happened to have gotten his hands on one of them in a fortunate coincidence, along with some insider information.
It was precisely because of this that he had been scheming in secret, attempting to get his hands on the piece the Harmons had.
But he never expected to land himself into such big trouble before he could get his hands on the second piece. Now, he could only gamble with the map he had.
“So, it turns out that you have one piece of the treasure map. No wonder you’ve been so persistent.” Dustin nodded, seemingly in deep thought. “Alright, let’s go with your plan. I’ll give you a chance to turn the tables.
“If you win against me, I will put today’s matter to rest. But if you lose, the entire Grant family will suffer the consequences.”
“Alright!” Tyler agreed immediately.
“Tyler! Don’t act impulsively!” Arthur was taken aback, his face draining of color. Dustin was the renowned Kirin and an unparalleled martial talent. Challenging someone like him to a duel was the same as seeking death, wasn’t it?
“Grandpa, rewards come from taking high risks. If I don’t gamble with my life, we will never be able to escape this situation!” Tyler’s expression was determined.
With the West Lucozian monarchy’s power, they required no effort to crush the Grants. Even if Dustin sent them all to Azkaban, nobody would dare say a word. That was why he needed to fight for their survival.
“Tyler! If you lose, there will truly be no way out!” Arthur was getting anxious.
With Tyler’s position as General Lionheart, as long as he didn’t make any mistakes, the West Lucozian monarchy could never get rid of him as they pleased.
However, if it were a duel, it would be a life-or-death situation with no one having the right to intervene. “Grandpa, please don’t worry. I will not lose!” Tyler slowly lifted his head, his gaze sharp.
“There’s a secret I haven’t revealed to the public. Three years ago, I’d already reached the level of a grandmaster.
“Even against the Kirin, I can emerge victorious!”
“What? A martial arts grandmaster?” The revelation sent shockwaves through the crowd. Tyler was only in his twenties. One would already be considered an extraordinarily rare talent if they were a divine-level martial artist at his age, not to mention a grandmaster.
It was an unattainable dream for most. It was rare to find a grandmaster under the age of 30 in the whole of Dragonmarsh.
In other words, in terms of martial arts accomplishments, Tyler had become one of the top talents in the whole of Dragonmarsh!
“This is amazing! If Tyler is a grandmaster, then we can win this bet!
“He’s been hiding it well! Very well!”
“So what if he’s the Kirin? That’s an old story. Tyler is the true unparalleled talent!”
“We’re saved, we’re all saved!”
At that moment, the Grant family members were filled with excitement. Before this, they were unaware of Tyler’s true abilities.
They never expected that he had quietly reached the level of a grandmaster. It was truly a massive surprise!
With such incredible strength, he was much more impressive than the legendary Kirin. This battle might just make him a household name if he won!
“No wonder you’re so confident. You’re already well-prepared.” Dustin was equally surprised. Putting everything aside, it was truly remarkable that he had become a grandmaster at his age.
“Dustin, you’re not getting cold feet, are you? You’re the Kirin and the future Prince of West Lucozia.
“Don’t tell me you don’t even dare to accept the challenge?” Tyler began provoking him. It would be troublesome if Dustin backed out.
“There’s no need to provoke me with words. Since I promised you a duel, I won’t back out.
“Now, let’s see if you can defeat me with your skills,” Dustin stated calmly.
###Chapter 1258 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1258
“Great! You agreed to this!” Tyler’s expression brightened. Since this was his only chance to turn the tables, he would not miss this opportunity.
“Step aside, everyone step aside. The fight is about to start; don’t get in the way,” Austin was straightforward and immediately instructed the crowd to make way.
Although it had been many years since he last met Dustin, he had unwavering confidence in him. Being the Kirin was not an empty title; he earned it through hard-fought battles.
Ten years ago, Oakvale was filled with extraordinary talents. It was a time of intense competition where the most talented individuals were eager to prove themselves.
And what was the result? His brother single-handedly dominated all his rivals, causing the so-called geniuses to flee in disgrace. Hardly anyone posed a challenge to him in the whole of Oakvale. Dustin’s name became a nightmare for all the top talents from then on, invoking fear in their hearts.
With Dustin defeating all of the formidable talents of Oakvale, Tyler was nothing in comparison. It would be an easy battle.
Under Austin’s instructions, the crowd quickly scattered, creating enough space for Dustin and Tyler to fight. This battle decided the fate of the entire Grant family. If Tyler won, everyone would be saved, but the family was doomed if he lost.
“Tyler, you must win,” Arthur mumbled as he watched from afar. His fists were clenched tightly, and he looked anxious. “Don’t worry, Sir Arthur. Tyler is a martial arts grandmaster. He can turn the tide!”
“That’s right! Even if the Kirin is truly formidable, he has wasted ten years. He can’t possibly be a match for Tyler!”
“Tyler is a natural genius. No one can compare to him. He will win this duel easily!”
The members of the Grant family were confident. Since Tyler took over as the family patriarch, he had never let them down. This time would be no exception. Meanwhile, Tyler and Dustin faced each other in the center of the arena. With sharp gazes, neither was willing to yield.
They were of the same age and were equally talented. With them openly dueling, it became a highly anticipated showdown filled with suspense.
Everyone was speculating who would win. Would it be the once renowned Kirin, Logan, or General Lionheart, Tyler, who had concealed his true abilities and had boundless potential?
“Dustin! Draw your weapon!” Tyler slowly unsheathed the longsword from his waist, pointing it at Dustin’s forehead from a distance.
“There’s no need for a weapon to deal with you. Just give it your best shot.’ Dustin beckoned with his hand. He was calm, almost as if he didn’t consider Tyler a threat.
“You’re not using a weapon?” Tyler’s expression darkened. It was the first time in his life that he had been so blatantly looked down upon.
“Stop wasting my time. Let’s get this over with quickly.” Dustin was getting impatient.
“Hmph! My sword is not going to show you any mercy. Since you’re arrogant, don’t blame me for what happens next! “Tyler was getting angry.
Without another word, he thrust his sword directly at Dustin. He intended to make him realize the consequences of underestimating him!
###Chapter 1259 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1259
Tyler’s sword was swift and powerful. When he executed his sword technique, it was like an arrow piercing through the sky. Whichever direction it went, a howling wind followed and kicked up dust and stones. It even tore a rift in the air. It was extremely powerful!
“What a fast sword! What a terrifying technique! It is as expected of a grandmaster!” “With this sword, even the Gods would have to yield. Let’s see how Dustin will defend against this!”
“I feel that Tyler is about to land a winning strike!”
As they watched Tyler’s incredible sword strike, the Grant family members were filled with excitement and anticipation. They felt as if victory was within their grasp.
Even Arthur, who had been worried earlier, sighed a long sigh of relief. He had been doubtful about Tyler’s status as a grandmaster, and now it seemed like there was no doubt about it.
He seemed much stronger than ordinary martial arts grandmasters. This was their win. “Go to hell!” Tyler roared and thrust his sword right into Dustin’s chest.
“Hmph!” Dustin neither dodged nor evaded the terrifying technique. He just merely extended two fingers and lightly pinched the blade.
With a loud clang, Tyler felt the sword’s momentum suddenly stop, and its brilliance shattered completely. His sword was just like an egg that had smashed into a rock. It was nothing against it.
“What?” Tyler exclaimed in disbelief.
His face twisted in shock and confusion when he realized that Dustin had effortlessly blocked his powerful strike with just two fingers. Looking at Dustin’s calm and composed appearance, it was as if he barely used any strength.
“Blo-He blocked it? How is that possible?”
“Not only did he block it, he did it with his bare hands. That’s terrifying!”
“He pinched a full-powered strike from a martial arts grandmaster with just two fingers? What kind of monster is this guy?”
The crowd was astonished and shocked as they took in the scene they just witnessed.
They had expected a showdown between the two geniuses. But to their surprise, the outcome was determined almost immediately after starting. Dustin’s pinching of the sword alone proved that his strength far surpassed that of Tyler.
“How can this be happening? Is Tyler going to lose?”
At that moment, Arthur and the Grant family were shocked and worried. Since they had placed all their hopes on Tyler, disaster would befall them if he didn’t win.
“Tyler, is this all you have?” Dustin was calm, his gaze filled with disdain. As he spoke, he flicked his fingers. With the sound of metal clashing, Tyler’s sword was sent flying over ten feet away, impaling itself into the ground.
The impact also pushed Tyler back, leaving footprints with each step. Dustin had made it clear who was superior with just a flick of his finger.
“Tyler, you have lost,” Dustin said calmly, completely losing interest.
“No! Impossible! How could I lose to you?
“I won’t accept it!” Tyler was deeply affected by the defeat and became frantic. He took out a pill and swallowed it without hesitation.
As soon as the tablet entered his stomach, his body began to tremble violently. His meridians and circulatory pathways crackled.
With a series of explosions echoing through the air, Tyler’s eyes were instantly bloodshot. His face contorted with bulging veins. It made him look ferocious. At the same time, the energy within his body surged out like a raging tide.
###Chapter 1260 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1260
For a moment, his energy soared, and his powers instantly doubled. “Oh? A fight to the death, then?” Dustin raised his brows, surprised.
It was clear that the pill Tyler had taken must have been a secret pill that could greatly enhance his abilities quickly. But the price to pay for it was that it would deplete his potential and vitality.
He would not have taken it unless it was a life-or-death situation. “It’s Wildemor! What Tyler had taken was Wildemor!” someone from the crowd exclaimed.
“What? Wildemor? Isn’t it banned?”
“Wildemor can activate all the potential within a person and increase his powers by several folds. But it has adverse effects as well.
“Not only will it decrease his lifespan, he might even lose his mind!”
“Goodness! Does Tyler not cherish his own life? How could he have taken Wildemor?”
Seeing the significant shift in Tyler’s energy, the onlookers began whispering among themselves. Besides the initial shock, there was anticipation in the air, too.
“He’s putting his life on the line! Ty’s going all out now!” Arthur’s expression was grave. “With the aid of Wildemor, Ty’s power has increased several folds. He’ll be able to defeat Dustin!”
“That’s right! No matter how powerful Dustin might be, there is no way he could hold up against Ty now that Ty’s consumed the Wildemor!”
The Grants regained hope and confidence. Wildemor might be banned, but its miraculous effects would turn the table. The only downside was that Tyler’s lifespan would be greatly decreased. But evidently, this was a price they were all willing to pay for the entire family’s safety.
“I must admit that you’re extremely powerful, Dustin. But today will be the day you get a taste of defeat!”
Tyler’s eyes were bloodshot, and his clothes billowed behind him despite no wind. He gave out an intensely wild air to him. “Oh, is that so? I’d like to see what you’re capable of.”
There was no change in Dustin’s expression as he simply curled his finger to himself, beckoning for Tyler to come at him.
“Dustin! Even if you lose, you should feel honored that I took Wildemor just to go up against you!” Tyler let out a fierce roar before he pulled his sword from the ground and charged at Dustin again.
The sword let out a humming buzz before flashes of terrifying radiance burst out from the blade. The bright flashes were overwhelming, and like a raging storm, they shrouded over Dustin.
Wherever the radiance of the blade swept past, only destruction was left in its trace. It was simply unstoppable. Even the ground, made of hard rock, had deep marks.
It was so powerful that even the skies darkened. Gripped in fear, the onlookers felt death was at their doorsteps. “What a terrifying sword! There might not be anyone in the entire world who can survive it!”
“He might be Kirin, but he won’t make it out of this alive!” Everyone’s expression changed into shock and alarm when they saw Tyler’s sword.
The Grants were delighted as it appeared to them that victory was near. From their point of view, Dustin would never be able to endure an attack from Tyler’s sword, no matter how strong he was.
“I’ll kill you!” Tyler yelled at the top of his lungs, like a madman. He did not hold back at all.
“What petty skills.”
Dustin huffed. Without even ducking, he punched through the air straight at the oncoming sword. When the attacks collided, three explosive bangs were heard. On the first bang, the radiance of the sword was shattered.
On the second bang, the sword itself was broken. On the third bang, Tyler’s hand, with which he held the sword and his arm, exploded into bloody bits.
He was sent flying more than ten yards away. He was launched high into the air. Then he fell heavily to the ground like a battered punching bag. He bled uncontrollably from his arm.
“Is this all you’ve got? You can’t even go up against Adam Spanner if this is all you can do.
“How dare you challenge me with these little tricks of yours?” Dustin looked at Tyler in contempt.
###Chapter 1261 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1261
“What?” Seeing Tyler severely wounded on the ground, the Grants were stunned. It was as if they had been struck by lightning.
They had thought that with Wildemor, Tyler could reverse the situation and win. Who’d have thought all it took was one punch from Dustin to defeat Tyler? And Tyler was so terribly defeated!
Dustin had destroyed the sword with just a single punch and heavily wounded Tyler. The latter had been entirely crushed! “Oh no. No way… We’re done for now!”
Tyler’s legs gave way, and he slumped to the ground lifelessly. Despair could be seen on the faces of the Grants as they lost all hope. They had thought too highly of Tyler and underestimated Dustin. The two were of entirely different levels.
The genius they took so much pride in was nothing compared to Dustin, the Kirin. Even when he had given his all and fought to the death, it was only a futile attempt.
“Is this all you’ve got? You can’t even go up against Adam Spanner if this is all you can do. How dare you challenge me with these little tricks of yours?” Dustin looked at Tyler in contempt.
“Hey, you’ve crossed a line there, Rhys. Adam, who had been watching everything with a smile, immediately pouted. He said with dissatisfaction, “Fight your own fights. Why are you dragging me into this? Do I not have an image?
“Besides, my strength is in my brains, unlike you brutes. All you do is jump into fights and go around killing people.
“What if I’m slightly lacking in strength? I still win my wars, and-”
“Shut up!” Scarlet admonished when she saw how Adam was ranting with no intention of stopping. She pulled out her sword and told him, “Keep up your rambling, and I’ll cut your tongue off!”
Adam shut his mouth and pursed his lips. He dared not let out another squeak. He could reason with Dustin, but there was no reasoning with this sister of his. One wrong move from him, and she’d beat him up. And no one could stop her.
“Still as violent as ever,” Austin murmured under his breath.
“What?” Scarlet heard what he said and shot him a sharp gaze. Alarmed, Austin kept silent and looked away like he had said nothing.
“You’re defeated, Tyler.”
Standing in the middle of the field, Dustin looked down at Tyler, unfazed. Tyler coughed violently, spitting out blood. He looked like he was barely holding on, as if his life was hanging by a thread. Pure terror replaced the fierceness and madness on his face.
“No No way… How could you be so strong? You haven’t been training for a decade! How could you still defeat me?”
Tyler shook his head repeatedly, still in . denial. Dustin had been an unparalleled genius ten years ago. But ever since the incident in Oakvale, he had mysteriously disappeared.
All these years, he had no guidance from distinguished mentors nor received any training from the Prince of Theswe. Logically speaking, he should not have made any progress. It was only to be expected if his skills had gone to waste.
Tyler could not understand why, after being away from the Prince of Theswe for such a long time, it seemed like Dustin had progressed even faster.
So much so that all it took was one punch from him to defeat Tyer, who had spent many years in laborious training. Could there be such a huge gap between geniuses?
“Who told you that I’ve wasted a decade without training?”
Dustin informed him frostily, “I only went into hiding. It’s not like I was dead. What makes you think that I haven’t progressed?”
He had a deep desire for revenge within him for a decade, which continually spurred him on the whole time. He had never once slacked off.
To uncover the truth of what had happened back then, he had diligently trained himself, constantly pushing himself harder and harder where no one saw him. He was the only one who knew what sort of bitterness and hardship he’d been through.
Once he set out on the path of martial arts, there was no way to remain stagnant. If he didn’t progress, then he was regressing.
And there was no quick and easy way to success. Even those with exceptional *talent had to labor and put in effort, sweat, and blood.
“How? How could this be? This should not have happened… I should not have lost. “I’m Tyler Grant, best of the top ten highest achieving youths in Balerno! I’m General Lionheart, a rare talent!
“How could I have lost? How could I possibly have lost?”
Tyler mumbled incessantly, appearing to have lost his senses. The life in his eyes seemed to have disappeared.
Throughout his life, he had succeeded in everything he did. He had never experienced failure and had always come in first in everything.
###Chapter 1262 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1262
Tyler stood out among his. peers. What others worked their ass off for years to achieve, he could easily attain it without breaking a sweat.
He had always believed himself to be the chosen one, born to be king, a supreme one to rule over all humanity. It wasn’t until this moment that he finally understood that there was always someone better and more talented.
His talent and achievements, which he had always taken pride in, amounted to nothing in Dustin’s presence.
“How ignorant I have been.” Still reeling from the shock of defeat, a bitter smile spread out on Tyler’s face. At that moment, something within him collapsed, and he lost every last bit of his fighting spirit. He was left with nothing but despair.
He had led a life of constant success. This was his only defeat. But this defeat had totally crushed him.
“You’ve lost. Hand me the treasure map.” Dustin walked up to him and looked down at Tyler. Tyler was silent as he lay on the ground, looking up at the vast, blue sky. His eyes gradually lost focus, and he finally stared lifelessly up.
“He’s dead?” Dustin raised a brow in astonishment. The punch he threw earlier on had not been lethal. With Tyler’s cultivation, he should have been able to endure it.
But now, his vitality was completely drained. He looked nothing more than a lifeless corpse. “He can’t even withstand such a small setback? What a waste of his talents.” Dustin shook his head.
There was no denying that Tyler was a rare talent with a bright future. Unfortunately, his entire life had been smooth sailing, and he had never encountered any obstacles. Now that he was suddenly faced with one, he could not handle it, resulting in his death.
Dustin crouched down and began rummaging through Tyler’s dead body. In the end, he came up with a roll of parchment. Dustin unrolled it, and the treasure map was revealed.
Dustin now had two of the three treasure maps belonging to the Harmon family. Once he got the last one, he could complete the map and locate the immense treasure. In the past, he had never cared for riches. But now, his standpoint has changed.
If he were to avenge his mother and seek justice for her, he would need to build up his forces and establish power and influence of his own. And to do that, he needed all the riches he could get.
“Ty? Ty!” Arthur rushed up to his grandson’s body with a stagger. Then, he began wailing in utter misery. The rest of the Grant family mourned his death, too. “Logan, how should we deal with them? Shall we just get rid of them all?”
Austin approached Dustin, making a sideways motion with his thumb across his throat.
“The Grants are an influential family. If we kill them just like that, there is bound to be unrest among the other prestigious and powerful families.
“Things will get messy then.” Dustin shook his head lightly.
“Then what should we do? We can’t just let them go, can we?” Austin looked eager to have a go at them.
“We can’t kill them, but we can invite them to West Lucozia. And then, we’ll see to it that our guests aren’t allowed to leave,” Dustin said lightly.
“Oh? That’s a great idea! Let’s do that!” Austin’s eyes lit up. West Lucozia was the Rhys’ home ground. They would have peace of mind if they brought the Grants to West Lucozia and held them captives there.
If war ever broke out, they could even be sent out as a diversion to reduce casualties. It’d be perfect.
“The Grants… are done for …”
When they saw Arthur being captured, everyone knew there was no way of turning things around for the Grants anymore. What had once been the leader of the Tremendous Three, a family that garnered reverence from everyone, was no more. The sun had finally set upon them.
Their glory and splendor would all be washed away with time, eventually vanishing into nothing.
###Chapter 1263 by Marina Vittori
Once everything was settled, Dustin led his men back to Zephyr Lodge. Natasha and Ruth were still unconscious, and Dustin did not wake them.
Now that Hector and Trent were dead, the Harmon family was in shambles. This would undoubtedly have a huge impact on Natasha, and she would have difficulty coming to terms with things.
All Dustin could do now was to make proper arrangements for Hector’s funeral to reduce Natasha’s burden. Her father was dead, and no one could truly understand her pain. She would have to get through it herself.
“Do not touch any of the Harmons’ businesses for now. The family has suffered a great impact and will need a thorough reorganization.
“As for those who changed their allegiances to benefit themselves, detain them. We’ll deal with them after Natasha comes around.
“Also, make sure Trent’s funeral is carried out according to the highest standards. Nothing should go wrong …
Dustin gave his orders in the meeting room, and the disciples of the Kirin Gang went off to get things done. “Logan!” Just then, Austin and his mother, the Princess Consort of Theswe, entered the meeting room.
The Princess Consort of Theswe’s name was Eloise Linsor. She was the eldest princess of Dragonmarsh. Many years ago, she had been arranged to marry Rufus, the Prince of Theswe.
Back then, Rufus was already married to Dustin’s mother. But since Eloise, a princess herself, didn’t mind being the concubine, they proceeded with the wedding.
After the wedding, Eloise moved to West Lucozia and played her part well. She took good care of her husband and child and was widely recognized as a virtuous wife.
She also often participated in charity work and had a positive reputation. Everyone in West Lucozia only had praise for Eloise.
But Dustin knew very well that the princess who appeared all kind and benevolent was actually a shrewd woman.
“Your Highness.”
Dustin immediately got up from his seat to greet her politely. But his face was expressionless. He did not like this woman but didn’t hate her, either.
“We’re a family, Logan. What’s with the formalities?” Eloise smiled.
“Yes, Logan. Though it’s been a decade since we last met, you’re still family. “Why are you being so distant? Take your seat.” Austin behaved casually, dropping into a seat beside Dustin.
“Please have a seat, Your Highness.” Dustin gestured for Eloise to be seated before he returned to his seat.
“Your father wanted to come over for your birthday, Logan. But something came up, and he couldn’t make it.
“So only Austin and I made it this time. I hope you don’t mind,” Eloise started. “What do you mean, Your Highness? It’s my honor to have you both here.” Dustin smiled politely.
“You seem to have changed a lot in the past ten years, Logan.”
Eloise studied him properly and chuckled before saying, “Back then, you were full of youthful vigor and liveliness.
“But now, you’ve tempered your sharpness and become more mature and steady.”
“It’s been ten years. People change.” Dustin nodded slightly.
“You’ve been away from West Lucozia for so long, Logan. When are you planning to return?” Eloise suddenly asked.
“Yes, Logan! All our buddies in West Lucozia are awaiting your return!” Austin looked up at him eagerly.
“I’ve got loads of things to handle, so I have no plans of returning yet.” Dustin shook his head.
“No matter what you have to deal with, I can help you with them!” Austin promised with a confident pat on his chest.
###Chapter 1264 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1264
“Is that so? Well, what if it’s something to do with the upheaval in Aylka ten years ago?” Dustin asked suddenly.
“What?” Austin’s expression froze over as he fell silent. He reflexively looked over at his mother. The upheaval in Aylka was a taboo in their family. In fact, it was a taboo in the whole of Dragonmarsh.
Ever since it happened, it has been a topic that no one dared to discuss. He hadn’t expected Dustin to bring it up now suddenly.
“Logan, what’s in the past should be left in the past. What happened ten years ago is over and should not be brought up again.” Eloise shook her head lightly.
“Over?” Dustin lifted his head slowly.
“I do not know why or how my mother died; my personal guards were all sacrificed. What do you mean it’s over?”
“It hurts me to think about your mother’s death, too. But the people behind it have already been executed. Everyone that deserves to be executed is already dead.
“It’s time to let go of your resentment, “Eloise coaxed gently. “They have the blood of so many people I care about on their hands. How can I possibly just let it go?
“Besides, those who have died were just scapegoats. The real mastermind behind it all has yet to be uncovered,” Dustin stated matter-of-factly.
Many were sacrificed in the upheaval in Aylka back then, so much so that there had nearly been a revolt in the military. They had only executed several scapegoats to appease the people, The real mastermind had roamed free all these years.
“Logan, I know what happened back then had been a huge blow to you, but if you keep looking back, you’ll forever be trapped in that nightmare. You won’t ever be able to escape it.
“You should let it go. Don’t torment yourself over it. You deserve a better life,” Eloise reasoned patiently.
“Everyone tells me to let it go, but who among you understands my pain?” A bitter and cynical smile tugged on Dustin’s lips.
“Have any of you ever experienced death? Have any of you ever had a taste of despair? Have you ever seen the people you hold dear being surrounded and killed before your eyes?
“Do you know what it feels like to see everyone you care about lying in a pool of their blood? No, you don’t. You know nothing at all about all these! But I experienced all of them!
“I watched my mother being killed. I watched all my friends and family being killed. I watched as everyone around me got killed just to protect me. Every single one of them died for me!
“I’ve had nightmares every night for ten years! Every night, I am reminded of what happened back then.
“The moment I close my eyes, I see all the bloodied faces; I hear all the cries of anguish. With the weight of all these lives on me, every day has been a living hell.
“So tell me, Your Highness, how can I let go?
“How do I free myself of it? How do I have a new life?”
When Dustin stopped speaking, his face was twisted in pain, and his eyes were bloodshot. He had a murderous intent, like a demon that had just crawled out of hell. He was frightening indeed.
Austin, who was beside him, was frozen in fear. He shuddered as he broke out in a cold sweat. Even the shrewd Eloise was rendered speechless. She truly hadn’t known that Dustin had kept such hostility and aggressiveness under his apparently calm and peaceful demeanor.
“I’m sorry, I acted inappropriately.” Realizing his outburst, Dustin immediately contained himself. After forcing himself to calm down, he returned to his nonchalant self, different from how feral he had been just moments ago.
What happened ten years ago was a constant pain in his heart. It was difficult for him to control his emotions whenever it was mentioned. Eloise let out a long sigh. “Seems like your father was right. You’re too affected by it to forget about it.
“I might as well help you resolve your obsession over it than to talk you into letting things go.
“If you insist on having revenge, I can help you.”
###Chapter 1265 by Marina Vittori
“Help me?” Surprised to hear that, Dustin appeared skeptical. “With your identity, Your Highness, I reckon it’d be better if you stayed out of it.”
It was clear that the upheaval in Aylka a decade ago could not have happened without royalties backing the mastermind And Eloise was royalty up. herself. Dustin found it hard to believe that she’d help him.
“What? Do you think I’m incapable of helping you, or do you simply not trust me?” Eloise asked.
“I’m just afraid of troubling you,” Dustin answered vaguely. “I understand where your concerns are coming from, Logan. But I’m sincere in offering my help.”
Eloise looked at him earnestly as she said, “I am no longer the eldest princess of Dragonmarsh. I am now the Princess Consort of Theswe, your stepmother.
“We are a family, and what you do affects me too. I think what I’m saying.” you understand “I get it, but I’m just curious how exactly you plan on helping me?” Dustin asked.
“We have been secretly looking into what happened all those years ago and gathered lots of information about it.
“Though we have yet to identify the real mastermind behind it all, we have some inkling.” Eloise pulled out a letter and placed it on the table as she spoke.
“Based on our extensive investigation, we discovered another survivor from the upheaval, apart from you and the Drunken Maniac, “He might be able to help you figure out who the mastermind was.”
“A survivor? Who is it?” Dustin perked up immediately.
“Cinna Shaffer,” Eloise told him bluntly.
“What? Mr. Shaffer didn’t die back then? Are you sure?” Dustin leaped out of his seat. Cinna Shaffer was the leader of his team of personal guards, and he was extremely good at what he did. When they had been ambushed back then, Cinna had rushed to the forefront of, the group and fought fearlessly.
Dustin remembered that Cinna had cleared a way out for him with no regard for his own safety. Then, when the pursuers caught up with them, he stayed alone to buy Dustin more time to escape.
In the end, Dustin could only watch as Cinna tried to hold back the troops and was eventually swallowed up by them. He had thought that Cinna had surely died then. Now that he heard that Cinna had survived, Dustin was worked up.
“I’m sure.” Eloise was dead serious. “Though Cinna had been badly wounded, he was strong enough to endure it, so he didn’t die. He was subsequently saved and managed to pull through.”
“So Mr. Shaffer is still alive! That’s great news!” Dustin was pleasantly surprised.
“Where is he now? Can I meet him?”
“Cinna’s in Oakvale; you can find his address here on the letter. But I’m afraid it wouldn’t be easy for you to meet him.” Eloise shook her head.
“What do you mean? Has he been captured?” Dustin frowned. “It’s not that he’s been captured. It’s just that after the fight, Cinna had been terribly wounded.
“Though he made it out alive, he’s fallen into a vegetative state and has been in a coma all this time,” Eloise explained.
“Coma?” Dustin’s face fell. To be reduced to a vegetative state and unable to move for ten years was pure torture beyond what any man could take.
“Mom, you’ve said so much, but it’s not much help, right?” Austin could help to complain. “If Cinna’s in a vegetative state, how can he help Logan figure out the truth? It’d be good enough if he doesn’t burden him.”
“That depends on your brother’s skills, then. If he can help Cinna and bring him round, perhaps we’ll have our answers soon enough,” Eloise said thoughtfully.
“And if he can’t?” Austin asked.
“If he can’t, he’ll have to accept his fate. “Eloise sighed. “No! I will cure Mr. Shaffer! No matter what it takes, I will make him come round!” Dustin’s fists were tightly clenched, his gaze more determined than ever.
As long as Cinna wasn’t dead, he still had hope. No matter how hard it would be, Dustin swore that he would cure Cinna.
“Logan, Oakvale isn’t our turf. We have no influence there, and it’ll be slow to get any information. So we won’t be able to help much.
“You’ll have to find your way out there, “Eloise advised.
###Chapter 1266 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1266
Though the Prince of Theswe was influential, they could not do as they wished. Besides, this was taboo to begin with, so they could not openly help Dustin with it.
“I understand. Thank you for your help, Eloise.”
Dustin stood up and bowed in gratitude. The information that Eloise had provided him with was essential. Not only to figure out the truth but, more importantly, it also meant that he now had another confidant to turn to.
“We’re family. There’s no need to be so courteous. Eloise quickly reached out to Dustin, gesturing for him to straighten up. Then, she gave him some sincere advice.
“Logan, I’m not stopping you from getting the revenge you seek. But I hope you understand that your thoughts define your actions, and your actions define who you are.
“Do not lose yourself in your search for revenge, and do not let the people around you down.”
“I will keep your advice in mind, Eloise. “Dustin nodded. “If there’s ever anything I can help with, just let me know, Logan! I promise I’ll handle it perfectly!” Austin patted his chest confidently.
How Dustin changed his way of addressing Eloise as “Your Highness” to calling her casually by her name showed that he had warmed up to them significantly.
“You don’t have to worry yourself with my affairs. You’re better off taking good care of yourself so that your mother doesn’t have to worry about you so much,” Dustin reminded him.
“Hey, what do you mean, Logan? You haven’t seen me in such a long time. “I’m no longer the kid I was! I can take good care of myself now!” Austin huffed with his arms crossed.
“Alright, alright. Quit bragging. Do you think I don’t know how you’re behaving?” Dustin rolled his eyes.
“Oh, are you underestimating me? I’m telling you, one day, I’ll do something great and make you proud of me!” Austin declared with his chin lifted upwards.
“Sure thing, kiddo. I’m already proud of you now.” Dustin nodded before turning his gaze to Eloise. “Eloise, you’ve had a long journey. You both must be worn out. I’ve got rooms made for you. Please head over and get some rest. ”
‘Now that you mentioned, I’m exhausted. I’ll go back to my room to nap. You carry on with your business.”
Eloise nodded with a smile. Then, she turned and left together with Austin. Once they were out of the meeting room, Austin stopped and wiped the smile off his face.
“What’s wrong?” Eloise turned and shot him a perplexed look “Mom, why did you tell Logan about Cinna?” Austin asked frostily. “Wasn’t Logan the one who asked for his information?” Eloise countered.
“You know how hung up Logan is with this. By giving him the information, you’re just egging him on and encouraging him to go to Oakvale.
“What’s your motive behind doing that?” Austin questioned.
“Austin, what are you going on about?
Why don’t I get what you’re trying to say?” Eloise looked at him curiously.
“Mom, are you trying to get Logan into trouble?”
Austin narrowed his eyes at her, and his tone became sharp, “Logan’s my only brother. If you ever harm him, I won’t let you off!”
“Austin, what reason have I got to harm Logan?” Eloise frowned.
“Once Logan dies, I’ll be the next in line to be the future Prince of Theswe. That must be what you’re thinking of, isn’t it?” Austin asked icily.
“What nonsense!” Eloise’s expression clouded over. Austin! I’m not only your mother but also Logan’s stepmother!
“We’re a family! We’re supposed to help each other out! “Why would I want to harm him? Where did you get such ideas from?”
“Perhaps there have been some rumors going around.” Austin looked at his mother meaningfully. “I’m beat, Mom. I’ll head back to my room to get some rest. See you tomorrow.”
And with that, Austin turned and left.
“You rascal…”
As Eloise watched his retreating figure, she raised a brow. “You’re a sharp one.”
###Chapter 1267 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1267
After sending everyone off that evening, Dustin called all the guildmasters of the Kirin Gang into the meeting room for a board meeting.
“It’s been a long day today. Thank you for your hard work.” Dustin sat at the main seat as he gestured for everyone to take their seats.
“I have gathered everyone here this evening because I have two things to announce.
“The first thing is that I have decided to appoint Cornelius as the assistant leader of Kirin Gang. He will assist me in handling affairs of the gang.”
All the guildmasters stood up and cheered for Cornelius when they heard that. “Congratulations, Sir Adler!
“Great news for you, Sir Adler!”
Cornelius was capable, and he was a senior among them. He was also loyal to the Kirin Gang and a decisive confidant of Dustin’s. It only made sense for him to become the assistant leader, and nobody questioned the decision.
“Thank you for trusting me with the position, Sir Rhys! I promise I’ll do my best!” Cornelius said earnestly. He had always been grateful to Dustin for saving his life and giving him a new life. He was even more grateful now that he was entrusted with such an important position.
“Very well, now we’ll move on to the second thing.”
Dustin smiled before he continued, “I’ll be leaving Millsburg in a few days to deal with some matters. Cornelius will be standing in for me while I’m gone.”
“What? Leave Millsburg?”
Cornelius was taken aback by the news. “Sir Rhys, what is it that you need to deal with?
“You can just get us to do it for you. Why do you need to go personally?” “This isn’t something you can help me with. I need to do this myself.” Dustin shook his head.
Ever since he learned about Cinna’s condition, he couldn’t stay put anymore. He planned to go straight to Oakvale after handling Hector’s funeral. He wanted to cure him and find out the truth about what happened back then.
“Sir Rhys, you’re our leader. What will we do without you?” Slythorn’s guildmaster asked. “Kirin Gang is on the right track, and it doesn’t matter whether I’m here. Besides, if anything were to happen, Cornelius is more than capable of handling them.”
As Dustin spoke, he pulled out a pill and handed it to Cornelius. “This is Gerandium. I made this personally. It can boost your cultivation.
“It’s likely that you’ll be able to reach the level of grandmaster very soon with the help of it.
“Gerandium?” Cornelius looked excitedly at the blue pill in front of him. Gerandium was a rare and precious medicine, and it was the dream of many martial artists to get their hands on one.
It was said that one had a high chance of reaching the level of grandmaster once they consumed it! Many people were halfway to becoming a grandmaster. But people who had become a grandmaster were few and far between.
The biggest reason for that was that they lacked a boost to push them to the grandmaster level.
Cornelius, for example, had been stuck where he was for more than ten years, and he still hadn’t broken through to the level of grandmaster. The obstacle had stumped him so much that he was so fixed on it..
But with Gerandium, he’d have a 50 percent chance of breaking through and becoming a grandmaster! He was so close to success! The Gerandium was such a timely gift!
“Why are you just staring? Go on, it.” Dustin pushed the pill closer to Cornelius, an indication for him to take take it.
“T-th-this is too precious, Sir Rhys. You should keep it. I cannot accept something so precious!” After returning to his senses, Cornelius refused the pill, appearing fearful..
Gerandium was considered a priceless treasure to martial artists. Even if they had the money, they would not be able to get their hands on it due to its rare nature. Although he longed for it, he felt unworthy of it.
“What do you mean you cannot accept it? You are like a brother to me. If I say you can have it, then you’re worthy of it. I have no use of it anyway.”
As Dustin spoke, he pushed the Gerandium into Cornelius’ hands. “The Kirin Gang will need a lot more assistance from you.
“The more powerful you are, the greater your help will be to me. So I’m not just helping you but also helping myself.”
“Sir Adler, Sir Rhys means well. Just take it.”
“Yeah, if you manage to become a grandmaster, the entire Kirin Gang will benefit greatly from it.” The guildmasters all began persuading Cornelius to take the Gerandium.
“Thank you for your generosity, Sir Rhys!”
Cornelius bowed and declared sincerely, “I will give my life to serve you, Sir Rhys! I swear I’ll do anything for you!”
“Alright, alright. I believe you.” Dustin reached out, gesturing for him to straighten up. Though Gerandium was rare, Dustin deemed it worthy for his men to use.
“This isn’t just for Cornelius. All of you have a part in this, too.”
Dustin looked around and said with a smile, “When you reach a bottleneck in your cultivation, I’ll give each of you a Gerandium!”
“What? One each?”
###Chapter 1268 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1268
A clamor broke out in the meeting room. All the guildmasters were excited to hear that. It would be a lie to say that they weren’t envious of Cornelius for receiving the Gerandium. After all, it wasn’t every day that they came by such a rare and precious pill.
But Dustin’s promise turned their envy into surprise. So it turns out that all of them had a part in it! No one would be left behind. Dustin’s fairness gained him the respect and admiration of everyone present.
“Thank you, Sir Rhys!”
“From now on, we will do our best to serve you!”
All the guildmasters bowed to Dustin respectfully.
“We’re all brothers. There’s no need to be so polite.” Dustin then gestured for everyone to straighten up. “There isn’t much I can offer.
“But if there’s one thing I can promise you, it’s that in the future, we will always have each others’ back. We’ll share each others’ joys, and help each other through tough times!”
Dustin’s simple declaration lifted everyone’s spirits. They felt that it was their honor to have such a talented, capable, and understanding leader. They were sure that under Dustin’s leadership, the Kirin Gang would have a bright future ahead!
“Sir Rhys, Ms. Harmon has come round. Just then, a female disciple of the Kirin Gang entered the meeting room.
“She’s awake?”
Dustin was shocked to hear that. He immediately got up and headed out.
“Sir Rhys, Ms. Harmon is no longer in her room. She went to the House of Heroes just a while ago,” the female disciple added.
“So, she knows?” Dustin’s expression became grave.
“I guess so.” She nodded. “Alright, you may all be dismissed. There’s no need to keep an eye on her anymore.”
Dustin took a deep breath before he headed to the House of Heroes. Hector’s body was placed there. Dustin wasn’t sure if Natasha could take it when she saw Hector’s body.
When Dustin walked into the House of Heroes, he found Natasha kneeling beside the coffin silently. She was so still that she looked like she was frozen. She wasn’t crying or wailing. The House of Heroes was deathly silent.
“Natasha?” Dustin’s expression became grave as he rushed up to Natasha. Her face was tear-streaked, her expression blank, and her eyes dull. She looked like she had lost all the life within her.
“What’s wrong, Natasha?”
Dustin was flustered when he saw how odd she was behaving. He would have understood if Natasha had been weeping. But seeing how bewildered and disoriented she was told him that something was wrong.
“Don’t scare me, Natasha! Look at me!”
Dustin crouched down in front of Natasha and held her face in his hands as he called her name repeatedly.
“D-Dustin?” After quite some time, Natasha seemed to snap back to the present. Her eyes gradually focused on Dustin. When she saw who it was, something seemed to snap within her. She suddenly broke down in tears.
She buried herself into Dustin’s embrace and began crying loudly. Tears rained down uncontrollably. All her pent-up emotions were finally released.
“Go on, let it all out … You’ll feel better after crying.”
Dustin held her tightly as he patted her lightly on the back. He knew that words of consolation were just empty words to her at this point.
Nobody could share her pain of losing her father. The only thing he could do for her now was to be by her side. Natasha had to get through the pain in her heart by herself.
###Chapter 1269 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1269
In the blink of an eye, three days had passed. Hector’s funeral was over. His remains were stored in the Harmons’ ancestral altar, where others could visit him.
So much had happened to the Harmons that the large and influential family was on the verge of falling apart.
After the funeral, Andrew, who had stepped down as head of the family, called for a family meeting. Everyone from the Harmon family was expected to be present.
At that moment, Andrew sat at the main seat in the Harmons’ meeting room. He held a cane in his hands with a grave expression. The important members of the Harmon family sat on both sides of him.
Hector and Trent were dead, and Jacob was nowhere to be found. All his three sons were either dead or missing, and the family had other problems to deal with, too.
The Harmon family was now without a leader, and there was also no unity between them. They were in dire straits. Andrew had only stepped out to oversee the situation because he saw no other way.
“I believe everyone is aware of everything that has occurred in the family recently. We’ve lost many of us.
“But the dead are gone, and the living must go on. We have to get back on our feet fast. “The Harmon family is currently in a critical situation. If we do not unite, the entire family will go down!”
Andrew’s speech stunned everyone.
“Sir, we understand that we’re all in this together. But, without a leader leading the family, and with all the consecutive misfortunes that we’ve faced, it’d be difficult for us to rise from the ashes.”
“Exactly! The traitors have run off with our money recently. A large part of the Harmon fortune has been stolen from us, and many more out there have their eyes on us in these difficult times. The Harmon family is doomed!”
“He’s right! From how I see it, we might as well split whatever is left among ourselves and part ways. This is the best way out for us.”
They all clamored among themselves on how they should proceed. Most of them had a negative outlook and had lost all their motivation. Some even went as far as to suggest splitting up the family fortune and parting ways.
“Silence! Silence!” Andrew banged his cane heavily on the ground to stop the chatters.
Then, he continued, “Though the Harmon family is currently facing some hardship, this will not be the end of us. As long as we unite, there is bound to be a way out for us.”
“If you have any ideas, sir, tell us what you think,” someone said.
“What we need to do now is to choose a family head to organize and lead the family. As long as we have a competent leader, we can restore the family to what it used to be,” Andrew said.
“A new family head?” Everyone looked around curiously as they speculated on who would be the family’s next leader. Both Hector and Trent were now dead, and Jacob had gone missing. The second generation of direct Harmon descendants were all out of the question.
Who would be eligible to take the position of the head of the family?
“Who do you think would be a suitable candidate, sir?” someone asked.
“There is only one person among us who can lead the family now. And that person is none other than Natasha!” Andrew declared.
“Natasha?”
All eyes fell on Natasha at that. But as opposed to her usual charismatic self, Natasha now sat in silence. She did not care for anything going on around her.
“As we all know, Natasha is exceptionally capable, and she is also entrepreneurial. All the companies she started up in recent years are doing well and making good profits. She will have no problem leading the Harmon family,” Andrew declared confidently.
“It is true that Natasha is capable. But she’s too young. I’m afraid there will be people who would not be pleased to have her becoming the family head,” one of the older family members voiced his doubts.
“With the Harmon family’s current situation, we need a dynamic and decisive leader. Natasha suits the position best. Her age does not matter.
“The family is a hair’s breadth away from perishing. We cannot be bothered by something as trivial as her age!” Andrew said.
###Chapter 1270 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1270
“That’s right! I support Natasha becoming the leader of the family! Her Immortunol is making great profit, and she’s the family’s only hope of recovering!”
A senior member of the family stood up in support of Natasha.
“Desperate times call for desperate measures. There’s no one more suited to be the family head than Natasha! I agree with having her as the new head!”
“Natasha is exceedingly smart. I’m sure she’ll be able to restore the family to its former glory! I support her, too!”
“Mr. Harmon Senior is right! We all support your suggestion!” Most of the Harmons agreed with Andrew’s suggestion. The few voices who doubted his suggestion were quickly drowned out. Hence, Natasha was quickly appointed as the new head of the family.
“Natasha, everyone is supportive and approves of you becoming the family’s new leader. What do you think about it? “Andrew asked.
“I’m not sure, Grandfather.” Natasha shook her head. Her father had just passed recently. It was natural that she wasn’t in the mood to take his place.
“Natasha, I know appointing you as the new family head now will be hard on you. But you must get yourself together.
“With great power comes great responsibility. I’m sure your father would not like to see the family falling apart now that he’s gone.
“It’s time you take up the responsibility,” Andrew said, concerned.
“I-” Natasha opened her mouth to say something but found that she had none. “With great power comes great responsibility? What rubbish is that?” An authoritative voice sounded by the door.
Everyone looked over to see a well- dressed man with white hair on his head. He strode in with his hands behind his back. Behind him, a troop of men followed.
“Hah! If the Harmon family is going down, that’s on you! Do not drag my granddaughter into this, or I’ll make you sorry!!!
The old man had a strong, commanding presence. But his attitude garnered a lot of displeasure from the Harmons. A youngster from the Harmon family slammed his hand on the table as he roared, “Hey! Who are you, you old thing?
“How dare you run your mouth with us, Harmons? Do you have a death wis-”
He had barely finished speaking when one of the old man’s servants rushed forward and slapped the youngster. The servant had a hunched back.
With a loud, crisp smack, the youngster was sent flying. He fell to the ground lifelessly and passed out on the spot.
“How dare you!”
“That’s too much!”
The Harmons stood up furiously, some slamming their hands on the table at the sight. The Harmon family might not be as great as before, but they wouldn’t let others bully them.
“Guards! Capture them!” an elder of the Harmon family ordered. “Stop it! Stop it right there, all of you!”
Andrew was shocked by what was happening and immediately stopped the Harmons from acting rashly. Then, he hurried over to the well- dressed old man and bowed deeply.
In a loud and clear voice, he said, ” Andrew Harmon at your service, Your Lordship, Duke of Lachshire!”
“What? Duke?”
When they heard how Andrew had addressed the old man, a clamor broke out among the Harmons. Those who had been rude to the old man froze on the spot, fear on their faces.
###Chapter 1271 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1271
All the Harmons were stupefied. Andrew’s words had shocked them. None of them had expected that the well-dressed old man was actually the noble Duke of Lachshire!
In the five peerage rankings, namely duke, marquess, earl, viscount, and baron, the dukes were ranked first. They were of the highest ranking of nobilities and were above everyone else. Their influence exceeded even that of first-ranking ministers. They were the definition of authority!
The Grants had become the leader of the Tremendous Three in Millsburg just because Arthur was an earl. The Harmons dared not even think how much power a duke possessed.
But the question was, why would a duke show up at the Harmon family residence? Who among them got such an influential person to come here personally?
“What are all of you doing just standing there? Quick! Bow to His Lordship!” Andrew turned to shout at the rest of them. He was so anxious that he was sweating all over.
The old man before them wasn’t just anyone. He was Natasha’s maternal grandmother, the renowned Duke of Lachshire, Simon Ballard!
“Gr-greetings, Your Lordship!”
The Harmons finally snapped out of it and bowed to Simon, showing respect and looking extremely nervous. After all, a person of his status and title could wipe out the entire Harmon family with just the snap of his fingers.
“We are honored that you have graced us with your presence, Your Lordship. Please forgive us for our poor welcome, Andrew apologized with a bow.
“Hmph! Had it not been for my granddaughter, I’d never have visited such a shabby place!” Simon looked away frostily, disregarding the apology.
He had been strongly against the marriage back when his daughter wanted to marry a Harmon. The Harmon family was just a humble family that was not suited for a daughter of the duke!
But because of love, his daughter had eloped with Hector, angering the duke so much that he severed all ties with her. It was when Natasha was born that their relationship became less strained. As for Hector, he had never deemed him worthy of being his son-in-law.
“Why are you here, Grandfather?” Natasha was surprised by Simon’s sudden visit. For as long as she could remember, her maternal grandfather had never gotten along with her father. In fact, he had never visited the Harmons.
“Grandfather?” The Harmons were once again astonished to hear Natasha address him as such. What was going on? Natasha was the granddaughter of a duke? And they knew nothing about it all this time?
“I heard that some things have happened to the Harmon family, so I came over to check on you. How are you, missy? You alright?”
Simon’s expression softened swiftly. He looked kind and gentle, completely different from the cold, harsh, and domineering person he was earlier.
“I’m fine. But my father…” Natasha stopped before she could finish her sentence, taken over by a wave of sorrow.
“I heard about your father. The culprit has been executed. You should stay strong,” Simon sighed. Though he had never liked Hector much, he was his son-in-law no matter what. Now that he was dead, as his father-in-law, there was no way Simon could pretend that Hector had nothing to do with him.
“What are your plans going forward?” Simon changed the topic. “I’m not sure either.” Natasha shook her head. She was distraught, and her thoughts were a mess.
“If you’re unsure, then you should return with me,” Simon coaxed gently.
“This little place is not good enough for you. Oakvale is where you belong.”
###Chapter 1272 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1272 
“But what will happen to the Harmon family once I’m gone?” Natasha turned to look behind her. Her father had just passed away, and the family was on the verge of breaking apart. She’d feel bad to just walk away like that.
“They are them, and you are you. Why do you put unnecessary burdens on yourself? “All I want is for you to lead a happy and blissful life. Nothing else matters,” Simon said.
“But…” Natasha was in a dilemma. She had lived with the Harmons for so many years. How could she just abandon them and leave without a care?
“Fine, if you’re so torn, I’ll help the Harmons out just this once,” Simon said earnestly.
“If you promise to return with me to Oakvale, I guarantee the Harmon family will return to its former glory within a year.
“In three years, I’ll make the Harmon family better than it ever was and replace the Grants as the new leader of the Tremendous Three. How’s that?”
Chaos broke out among the Harmons as they were overjoyed to hear that. To have their former glory restored and to replace the Grants as the next leader of the Tremendous Three?
That was an opportunity given by God! A once-in-a-lifetime chance! Of course, if anyone else had promised that, they would not have believed them. But it was a different story since it was the Duke of Lachshire who said it.
As an influential person of high status, he meant every word he said. There was no doubt that he’d be able to do what he promised. Bringing the Harmon family to new heights was not difficult for him at all. He could even make pigs fly if he so wished!
“Are you really willing to help the Harmon family, Grandfather Ballard?” Natasha asked hesitantly. “It wouldn’t be difficult to help them out. I can easily do it for your sake,” Simon said confidently.
“But, of course, with the condition that you agree to come with me.
“Well…” Natasha wanted to say something but stopped. She was still hesitant. “Uh… Natasha, you’re super talented. It’d be a waste for someone of your caliber to stay in Millsburg.
“I think you should go with the Duke of Lachshire to Oakvale. You’ll have a better future there.” One of the Harmon elders gathered the courage to voice his opinion.
“Yes! That’s true! With your extraordinary gifts, you deserve better guidance.
“But the Harmon family is unable to offer you that. Only the duke can do that.”
“Natasha, there’s no need to consider any further! Just agree to it! You mustn’t disappoint the duke!”
Many of the Harmons began persuading Natasha to go with Simon, appearing anxious about it. Before this, they had been looking forward to Natasha becoming the family head to bear all the heavy burdens.
But now, they did a complete 180. They couldn’t wait for Natasha to leave so Simon would do as promised.
It was the opportunity of a lifetime, and they wouldn’t let it slip past them like that. They would regret it for the rest of their lives if they did.
“What do you think, Grandfather?” Natasha turned to look at Andrew. Andrew coughed awkwardly but forced himself to say, “Natasha, your Grandfather Ballard is right.
“Staying in Millsburg will only limit you from unleashing your full potential. Only in Oakvale can you show the world what you’ve got.”
Natasha kept quiet when she heard that. A while later, she nodded.
“Alright, if all of you wish for me to go to Oakvale, then I shall do as you wish.”
“Great! This will be the best decision you’ve ever made, Natasha!” The Harmons were overjoyed.
“A bunch of opportunists!” Simon huffed condescendingly. No wonder the Harmon family was collapsing; they changed their mind so quickly just for some benefits.
“Grandfather Ballard, before I leave for Oakvale, there is someone I need to meet,” Natasha piped up. “Oh? Who is it?” Simon was curious.
“His name is Dustin Rhys. He’s my soulmate.”
###Chapter 1273 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1273 
Over in a meeting room at Zephyr Lodge. Cornelius said to Natasha apologetically, “I’m sorry, Ms. Harmon, you’re one step behind. Sir Rhys has left Millsburg.”
“Left? Where did he leave for? When did he leave?” Natasha was full of questions.
“Sir Rhys left for Oakvale this morning. He said he had some things to deal with there but never gave us any details. Oh, right!”
Cornelius recalled something, took out a letter, and handed it to Natasha with both hands. “Ms. Harmon, here’s a letter Sir Rhys left for you. Before he left, he ordered me to hand you this letter if you ever come. He said you’ll understand once you read this.”
“A letter?” Natasha took the envelope and opened it. It had a lengthy letter inside.
The general content of the letter was Dustin telling Natasha that he had something important he needed to handle and would be there for some time before he returned. He also reminded Natasha to take good care of herself.
He mentioned that he didn’t want Natasha to worry about him, so he chose to leave her a letter.
“He’s one to run away quickly.”
Natasha was relieved after reading the letter. She wanted to ask Dustin to go to Oakvale together. But she hadn’t even mentioned it to him, and he had already left for Oakvale before her. She was surprised but glad they would end up at the same place.
“I guess we’ll meet in Oakvale, then.” Natasha smiled and kept the letter before leaving Zephyr Lodge. Since she knew where Dustin was headed, she had nothing to worry about anymore. They would eventually meet in Oakvale.
On the southern platform of the train station in Oakvale, Dustin made his way out from the crowd with his luggage. Compared to ten years ago, Oakvale had undoubtedly flourished much more. It was now a bustling city full of traffic and people, and the entire city was just teeming with activity.
When Dustin reached an intersection, he looked around to see where he was. All of a sudden, a cab pulled up beside him.
A bald, middle-aged man leaned out of the window and greeted him enthusiastically, “Hey, lad, where are you headed?
“I’m familiar with the city. Just give me an address, and I’ll send you right to the doorsteps.”
“I’d like to go to Harmony Healers. Can you send me there?” Dustin asked. “Oh! Harmony Healers? I’m a long- time customer of theirs.
“I can get you there even with my eyes closed!” The bald driver patted his chest confidently. When he saw several other cabs approaching, he quickly said to Dustin, “Hey, lad, there’s no time to explain.
“Quick, hop on! It’s my birthday today; I’ll give you a 20% discount!”
“Alright.” Dustin nodded and got into the cab without another word. With a loud engine rev, the cab quickly set out and weaved through the traffic smoothly.
“You’re in luck to board my cab today, young man. I’m not boasting, but in this part of town, no one drives faster than me!
“Do you know what they call me? They call me Lewis Hamilton!”
The driver chattered as he drove, bragging about his glorious past. Dustin sat in the backseat, watching the world pass by outside the window, not saying a word.
“Right, young man, why are you headed to Harmony Healers? Are you ill?”
Seeing how Dustin kept quiet, the driver changed the topic, “If you’re there for medical treatment, then you’ve got the right place.
“Brooke Busch from Harmony Healers is a well-known miracle doctor in the area. He specializes in treating all sorts of complicated conditions and finds the exact cure to treat them all!”
“Oh? You know Brooke Busch?”
###Chapter 1274 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1274
Dustin slowly raised his head. That caught his interest. The information that Eloise gave him was that Cinna was in Harmony Healers. And Harmony Healers belonged to Brooke Busch.
He had been the one who had saved Cinna and kept him hidden away from pursuers back then. For the ten years that Cinna was unconscious, Brooke had been the one taking care of him.
“Know him? I don’t mean to brag, but Brooke and I are tight. He often rides in my cab. “If you’re getting medical treatment from him, just tell him that you’re a friend of mine. I guarantee he’ll give you a discount!” the bald driver said confidently.
“Is that so? What’s he like?” Dustin asked. “Brooke’s character is flawless. He’s the incarnation of Florence Nightingale!”
The bald driver gave a thumbs-up as he continued praising Brooke. “He basically treats the poor for free and doesn’t even charge them for the medications.
“Even if he does, he just charges them at an unbelievably cheap price. Kind and generous doctors like him rarely ever exist anymore these days.”
“If he is as you described, I’d like to meet Dr. Busch.” Dustin nodded thoughtfully. He was getting curious about Brooke Busch.
The bald driver trailed on with no intention of stopping. Dustin did not cut him off. He simply shut his eyes and rested, not paying any heed to the driver.
“We’re here, young man,” the bald driver turned around and woke Dustin up.
Dustin opened his eyes to see a modest- looking medical center just a little down the road. The medical center was of moderate scale, with three floors. The place was so full of patients that there was even a line inside. There was a large, golden sign above the main entrance that read “Harmony Healers.”
“Thanks.”
After making sure that he was at the right place, Dustin paid the driver two 100-dollar bills and got out of the cab.
The medical center was bustling, and no seats were available in the ten thousand square feet space. Patients waiting for a consultation stood in a line that reached outside the medical center.
Dustin stepped in, and after scanning the place, he found about five doctors and several medical students running the place. But Brooke Busch was nowhere in sight.
Dustin approached a young doctor and asked politely, “Excuse me, is Dr. Brooke Busch in today?”
The young doctor had a name tag pinned on the front of his chest. It read “Caldwell Quinn.”
“Dr. Busch isn’t in right now. If you’re seeking medical treatment, please get in line,” Caldwell said impatiently, his attention on his phone.
“I’m not here for medical treatment. I’m here to meet Dr. Busch and ask him about some things,” Dustin answered.
“You’ve got to wait in line even if you’re not here for medical treatment!”
Caldwell snapped impolitely, “Dr. Busch isn’t someone you can just meet on a whim! Who do you think you are? Now get in line and stop distracting me from my game!”
Dustin’s brows furrowed. Just as he was about to give Caldwell a piece of his mind, a commotion broke out at the main entrance.
“Out of the way! Get lost! I need a doctor! Where’s the doctor? Save her!”
With a roar, a group of suit-clad bodyguards burst in with a drenched woman in their arms. They had an intimidating presence, knocking everyone in their way aside.
“Damn it! Who’s kicking up such a ruckus?”
Caldwell raised his head and was just about to start lecturing those shouting in the medical center when he saw who they were.
His expression immediately changed. Gone was his former rudeness as he chucked away his cell and hurriedly rushed to them.
###Chapter 1275 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1275
“Doctor! Where the fuck are the doctors?”
The bodyguards clamored fiercely, scaring the patients in the medical center. They quickly got out of the way for fear of getting into trouble.
“What happened?” Several of the doctors from Harmony Healers went up to them. “Move aside! I’ll handle it!” Caldwell pushed the doctors aside and stepped forward voluntarily.
“Is this Ms. Eleanor Welch from the Welch family?” he asked tentatively. “If you know who she is, why aren’t you saving her yet?” the lead bodyguard pressured.
“I’m on it!” A look of glee flashed on Caldwell’s face for a fraction of a second. It was as though he had got his hands on a treasure.
The Welch family was one of Oakvale’s eight great families. They were filthy rich and extremely powerful. As a daughter of the Welch family, Eleanor Welch was known to be both rich and pretty.
This was Caldwell’s chance to play the hero and save the damsel in distress. He wasn’t ready to pass up on such a chance! If he managed to save Eleanor, this might be his one-way ticket to success!
“What happened? Is Ms. Welch hurt?” Caldwell frowned when he took a good look at her. Eleanor’s face was ashen with patches of purple, and her eyes were bloodshot. Her breathing was so weak it was practically non-existent, and she had lost consciousness.
“Ms. Welch had a few drinks and drove into a lake on her way home. By the time we pulled her out, she was already unconscious,” the head bodyguard quickly reported.
“How can she drive after drinking? You guys are too careless!” Caldwell muttered. “We’re not here for this crap! Save her, quick!” the head bodyguard barked.
“Don’t panic. She’s just drowned. I can handle this.”
Caldwell was full of confidence. He swiftly instructed two medical students to lift Eleanor. Then, with one knee on the ground, he balanced Eleanor on her stomach over his other knee and began striking her on her back.
As he did so, he lifted her chin slightly to allow the water in her stomach to flow out. Eleanor’s condition was nothing serious. She was still breathing, and she still had a pulse. All he needed to do was to clear out the water inside her.
Harmony Healers has had several patients who had drowned before, and his mentor, Dr. Busch, had used this method on them. It took only a few minutes and worked like a charm every time.
But after quite some time, Eleanor did not seem to get any better. The head bodyguard gradually lost his cool.
“Hey! Do you know what you’re doing? Why isn’t Ms. Welch responding yet?”
“That’s weird. This is how Dr. Busch used to save patients who drowned. Why isn’t it working now?” Caldwell wiped the sweat off his brows, looking flustered.
He checked multiple times that he was doing it exactly how Dr. Busch had taught him. So what was the problem?
“The patient is suffocated and is suffering from asphyxiation. Her heart will stop beating very soon. “Simply draining the water out of her isn’t going to work,” Dustin remarked.
“Hey! What nonsense are you spouting? Caldwell turned around to glare at Dustin. “Do you know who I am? How dare you question my medical skills?”
“It doesn’t matter who you are. What matters is that you’re using the wrong technique. If you continue with this, she’ll die,” Dustin warned.
“That’s rubbish!” Caldwell exclaimed in a fluster.
“I’m Dr. Busch’s student, and I’ve been doing medical research for over ten years. Who are you to tell me what I’m doing is wrong?”
“Hey, young man, if you don’t know what you’re saying, you shouldn’t run your mouth and disturb the doctors from doing their thing.”
“That’s right. Dr. Quinn has been Dr. Busch’s apprentice since he was a child. He’s been working in Harmony Healers for over ten years, so he’s seen it all. He won’t have any trouble saving a patient who drowned.”
“This is a matter of life and death. Why are you telling the professionals what to do if you’re not a doctor?”
A bunch of elderly people began berating Dustin. From their point of view, he was just a young man here to get medical aid. How dare he teach the doctors at Harmony Healers what to do? He obviously didn’t know his place!
###Chapter 1276 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1276
“I’m just offering you some advice because the patient will die if you use the wrong method. And if that happens, you’ll regret not listening to me,” Dustin said “Hah! That’s rubbish!” Caldwell snapped rudely.
“Dr. Busch personally taught me this method to save patients. It has worked every single time without fail! Do you think that you’re better than Dr. Busch?
“There is no hard and fast way to save a patient. You must consider the situation before using a certain method. You must be adaptable,” Dustin reminded him.
“Shut up! One more word from you, and I’ll throw you out!” Caldwell’s embarrassment fueled the anger within him. He was Dr. Busch’s star apprentice who would be in charge of running Harmony Healers in the future!
How dare a nobody tell him what to do? He thought too highly of himself!
“Well, have it your way then.” Dustin shook his head, saying nothing more.
“Cut the crap! Save her!” the head bodyguard urged. Caldwell suppressed the anger within him and began focusing on saving the patient.
When he saw that his current method wasn’t working, he tried several other methods to drain Eleanor of the water in her stomach.
He looked like a frantic mess, jumping around and striking her on the back. He tried everything he could think of, but nothing seemed to work.
Eleanor’s face looked even more pale, and the purple patches turned darker. She was no longer breathing, and even her pulse had stopped.
“Stop! Stop it right this instant!” Seeing that things didn’t look right, the head bodyguard immediately stopped Caldwell.
Then, he went forward and checked Eleanor’s pulse. The color drained from his face instantly. “Sh-sh-she doesn’t have a pulse anymore!”
“What?” A commotion broke out among the onlookers. After Caldwell’s attempts to save her, none of them had expected her to lose her life!
“What happened? How could this be?”
Caldwell was stunned as he stood rooted in place. He didn’t know what to do anymore. He had done what Dr. Busch had taught him. But why was the patient dead now?
“You quack doctor!” When reality sank in, the head bodyguard roared and hit Caldwell across the face.
“You killed Ms Welch! You quack doctor! “I’ll make you pay for it with your life! I’ll make the whole of Harmony Healers pay!”
“What?” Caldwell’s legs gave way, he fell to the ground in a sitting position, ashen-faced. and He was done for. He was certainly done for now.
He’d just killed the daughter of the Welch family. There was nothing he could do to make up for it. What he had thought was the opportunity of a lifetime had now turned into a disaster that would cost him his life.
“Boys! Tear the place down! I want all the swindling doctors here tied up! Do not let even a single one of them go!”
Anguished and furious, the head bodyguard ordered the rest of the bodyguards to tear Harmony Healers down. “Hang on!”
Seeing that things were about to get out of hand, Dustin suddenly stood up and said, “Ms. Welch isn’t dead yet. I can help her!”
“She doesn’t even have a pulse anymore! How can you help her?” The head bodyguard gritted his teeth.
“A person has five minutes to be resuscitated after he dies. If the right method is used, she can survive!” Dustin said gravely.
“Why should I trust you?” The head bodyguard asked with a dark expression on his face.
“Because you have no other alternative. I’m your only hope now,” Dustin answered frostily. After taking two seconds to contemplate his options, the head bodyguard finally clenched his jaw and nodded.
“Alright. I’ll give you a chance to make things right. If you still can’t bring Ms. Welch back to life, I’ll see to it that you go down together with Harmony Healers!”
###Chapter 1277 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1277
“Wait a second!” Caldwell suddenly came back to his senses. He quickly exclaimed, “You can’t seriously believe what this brat is saying, can you? He’s not even from Harmony Healers! Don’t be fooled!”
“Fooled?” The head bodyguard looked Dustin up and down before he frowned and asked, “You’re not a doctor?”
“I’m not a doctor from Harmony Healers, but I do have some medical knowledge,” Dustin told him honestly. He had nothing to hide.
“Hmph! If Harmony Healers can’t save her, what makes you think you can?” Caldwell snarled. “Just because you can’t doesn’t mean I can’t too. As I told you, you were using the wrong method,” Dustin said calmly.
“Rubbish! I’m Dr. Busch’s star apprentice! Who are you to compare yourself to me?” Caldwell fumed in frustration.
“I don’t want to waste time with you. Move aside. Don’t distract me from saving the patient,” Dustin said impatiently.
He really couldn’t understand what was going on inside Caldwell’s head. Was he trying to stop Dustin from saving the patient just because he failed to do so himself?
“Hey, rascal, I’m warning you, this is the daughter of the Welch family. “If anything happens to her, you won’t be able to appease them even if you pay with your life!” Caldwell threatened. The crowd nodded in agreement at what he said.
“Hey buddy, don’t try to be a hero. If even a doctor from Harmony Healers can’t help her, what can you do for her?
“That’s right! This is a life on the line! You can’t be messing around! This is not the time for you to play hero!”
“Youngsters these days do not know their place. He thinks he can show off just because he has a few tricks up his sleeves. He doesn’t seem to value life at all!”
The elder folks around them chattered incessantly. Some advised Dustin against it, and some doubted him.
In their eyes, Harmony Healers was the best medical center in the area. This was where they sought medical help whenever they suffered any sickness or complicated conditions. For this young man in his twenties to show off his medical skills at Harmony Healers, he was just arrogant.
“We don’t have much time left. It’s your call whether or not I help her.”
Dustin could not be bothered to waste his breath on them.
He looked at the head bodyguard and said, “If you trust me, I’ll help her, and Ms. Welch still has a chance at life. If you do not, we can all just forget I ever said anything.”
He had the intention to save her. But if his help were not wanted, he would not waste his effort lest they repay his kindness with ungratefulness.
“Hey, don’t trust him! He’s just a swindler!”
“These people will do anything to show off and make themself known!”
“Your best bet is to send Ms. Welch to the hospital right away! There might still be hope for her!” Caldwell suggested in a rush of panic.
If Eleanor were to die in Harmony Healers, the blame would be on Caldwell. But if she were to die at the hospital, he could use Dr Busch’s reputation and attempt to evade the responsibility.
“It’s too late to send her to the hospital now. We’ve only three minutes left to resuscitate Ms. Welch. Once the three minutes are up, not even God can save her,” Dustin said.
“That’s rubbish! If we send Ms. Welch to the hospital in time, she’ll be fine! “If you keep causing a disturbance here, you’ll delay Ms. Welch from getting the treatment she needs!
“You’ll be responsible for anything that happens to her then!” Caldwell roared in exasperation.
“Let’s not waste time on useless talk. Give me an answer now. Do I save her or not?” Dustin looked straight at the head bodyguard.
The head bodyguard looked at Eleanor, who looked no different from a corpse. Then, he nodded firmly. “Save her! Do it at once!”
Though he had no medical knowledge, one thing he knew was that time was of the essence. They had to be fast, or she’d be done for.
But the nearest hospital was 20 minutes away by car. At this point, they did not have the luxury of time. Dustin was his last resort.
“Excuse me, how can you let a swindler treat someone of Ms. Welch’s status like him? Who would be responsible if anything happened to her?” Caldwell panicked.
“Shut the fuck up!” The head bodyguard gave him another hard slap.
“You asshole! This is all your fault! If anything happens to Ms. Welch, you’re the first one I murder, you motherfucker!”
“What?” Caldwell held his stinging cheek, looking like death was upon his door. He had been attempting to shift the blame onto Dustin, but that didn’t seem to work well for him. “Move aside.”
###Chapter 1278 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1278 
Dustin waved his hand to signal everyone to move back so there would be enough space.
“Support her!” Dustin ordered the head bodyguard to hold Eleanor up. He then used his finger to pry open her mouth and held onto her tongue as he pulled out a small part. As he did that, he activated his internal energy and gave Eleanor a sudden smack on her back.
It was a loud slap. Eleanor’s body suddenly trembled, and her head lifted upward as she started regurgitating a large amount of water with a loud noise.
As everyone took a closer look, they realized that there was a fish in her vomit! “My goodness! Why would there be a fish in Ms. Welch’s mouth?”
“Was this fish stuck in her throat? Was this why she couldn’t breathe?”
“No wonder Dr. Quinn’s method didn’t work. A fish was stuck in her throat. Such bad luck!”
The onlookers were shocked to see the tiny fish on the ground as they whispered among themselves. The cause behind Ms. Welch’s suffocation was finally revealed.
“H-how could this be?” Caldwell’s eyes widened in disbelief. She crashed her car into the lake due to drunk driving and got a fish stuck in her throat! What were the odds? Who would have thought of this?
“Ms. Welch has already vomited the water and foreign . Why is she still not breathing?” The head bodyguard was initially surprised but quickly realized something was amiss.
“It’s normal that she’s not breathing as her heart has stopped. But don’t worry, she’ll wake up after I give her three jabs. Dustin replied casually.
“Hmph! What a shameless brag! Do you think you’re a miracle worker?” Caldwell started insulting Dustin without mercy. How could he revive a dead person?
“You couldn’t do it because you’re not a skilled doctor.” Dustin retorted.
“Hmph! You’re already talking big at this young age. If you can save her in three jabs, I’ll eat this pile of vomit!” Caldwell pointed to the fish and the vomit on the ground.
“Alright, I hope you’ll keep to your words.” Dustin nodded without saying another word. He immediately took out his silver needles and inserted one of them into a pressure point above the navel.
Eleanor lay there motionlessly, not showing any reaction.
“That’s the first jab.” Caldwell sneered. Dustin paid him no mind as he inserted another needle into another pressure point on Eleanor’s chest. Eleanor’s fingertips moved. But no one saw it as it was a small movement.
“Second jab now.” Caldwell’s smirk grew. Dustin remained silent as he inserted the third needle swiftly into the pressure point on her chest again. Eleanor suddenly trembled as if she was electrocuted. After that, she lay motionless again.
“Hmph! That was the third jab! Didn’t you say she’d wake up?
“Why is she still lying there motionlessly? You’re just a lousy scammer!” Caldwell took the chance to shift the blame on Dustin. He shouted, “Get him now! He obstructed in every possible way and delayed in rescuing Ms. Welch. He killed her!”
As he finished that sentence, Eleanor, who was originally lying on the ground, suddenly sat up like a zombie!
###Chapter 1279 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1279 
“Ugh…” Eleanor sat up right away and let out a breathless groan. After that, she started heaving as if she had just been given a second chance at life, greedily taking in the air around her. Her pale face gradually took on a rosy color.
This sudden turn of events shocked everyone. No one thought Ms. Welch, who was dead, would suddenly come alive. “She’s … awake? Is she a zombie?”
“My goodness! Did he revive the dead? Is this for real?”
“Miracle doctor! He’s a miracle doctor! The onlookers looked at each other in surprise. They had never witnessed anything like this, even if they had seen and heard it all..
Eleanor was already dead. She was no longer breathing, and her heart had already stopped beating. But Eleanor came back to life after Dustin gave her three jabs. They had never heard of a miracle like this. Right then, everyone looked at Dustin with a different perspective.
“It-it’s impossible!”
“She was already dead! How did he revive her?” Caldwell was shocked to the core. His eyes were wide in shock; he couldn’t believe what he saw. Dustin accomplished this impossible task in just three jabs! How was he this incredible?
“She’s alive! Ms. Welch is alive!” The bodyguards of the Welch family were first stunned. Their shock then became joy as they cheered happily.
If Eleanor really died, they would have to carry the blame. They were relieved now that Eleanor had survived.
“Ms. Welch! How are you feeling? Do you feel any discomfort?” The head bodyguard was quickly by her side to check if she was alright.
“What happened? Why am I here?” Eleanor looked around in a daze. Her last memory was her crashing into the lake before she became unconscious. When she woke up, was already surrounded by a crowd. she “Ms. Welch, you drowned.” The head bodyguard gave her a quick rundown of what happened without hiding the truth.
After listening to the incident, Eleanor looked around, and her gaze finally stopped on Caldwell. She asked hesitatingly, “So, this doctor from Harmony Healers saved me?”
“Hmph! He did nothing!” The head. bodyguard glared at Caldwell. He then gestured toward Dustin and explained, “It was this doctor who saved you.”
“Is that so?” Eleanor turned to look at Dustin, and she nodded with a smile. “Thank you so much for saving my life, doctor. I am forever grateful to you.”
“You’re most welcome, Ms. Welch. It was just a simple gesture.” Dustin appeared calm. Eleanor was a little surprised at his laid -back reaction. Normally, most people would be thrilled to see her. They would flatter her and go out of their way to please her.
This person before her was different. He wasn’t even the slightest bit excited, as if he didn’t care. Was he playing hard to get? “Doctor, could you please tell me your name?” Eleanor asked suddenly.
“Dustin Rhys.”
“Dustin Rhys, is that correct? Alright, I’ll remember you. If you need any help, you can come to me.” Eleanor smiled.
“Doctor Rhys, I’m sorry I was rude to you earlier. Please forgive me.” The head bodyguard lowered his head and apologized.
“It’s alright. You were just trying to protect her.” Dustin didn’t take it personally. “Thank you for being so kind and generous.” As the head bodyguard spoke, he took out a check for a million dollars and gave it to Dustin.
“This is a small token of appreciation from the Welch family. Please accept it, Doctor Rhys.”
“Wow! A check for a million dollars! The Welch family is extremely generous!”
“Bullshit! Ms. Welch is very precious to her family. She’s worth more than one million!”
###Chapter 1280 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1280
“This miracle doctor has hit the big time. He actually saved Ms. Welch. How lucky!” The onlookers were envious to see the million dollars check. That amount of money was enough for them to retire.
“Fuck!” Caldwell gritted his teeth and clenched his fists. This windfall of money should have been his. Who would have thought Dustin would take it away from him? This swindler ruined his shot at fame and riches.
“Thanks.” Dustin accepted the check readily. He may not have saved Eleanor for money, but he wouldn’t refuse it since they offered it.
“Doctor Rhys, I still have other matters to attend to. See you soon!
“Come to me for help if you ever end up in a ditch.” Eleanor left quickly after saying that. She had just been rescued from the lake, and she looked terrible. She needed to freshen up.
“Hey!” Suddenly, the head bodyguard turned to Caldwell with a scowl. He said, “Didn’t you say you’d eat the vomit if Doctor Rhys could save Ms. Welch in three jabs? Well, you can eat now!”
“What?” Caldwell was dumbfounded. He stood rooted to the ground and stared at the vomit. Eleanor puked her guts out, and even a dead fish was in the sticky mess. How would he ever stomach it?
“Eat now!” The head bodyguard glared at him with murderous intent. The bodyguards behind him slowly closed in with a deadly glare; they were ready to pounce. Should Caldwell , they would give him a good beating.
“Fine… I’ll eat it…” Caldwell had no choice. With a troubled expression, he could only gulp down the vomit on the ground. Caldwell licked the last drop off the ground. He was so disgusted that he gagged a few times but forced it down. They would force it down his throat anyway if he puked it out.
“Hmph! Consider yourself lucky because Doctor Rhys saved you. “If not, I would have chopped you into pieces!” The head bodyguard kicked Caldwell before leaving with his team. Harmony Healers got lucky this time.
“Miracle doctor! You’re so amazing! You actually revived the dead? That was so cool!”
“Young man, by any chance, are you the real disciple of Dr. Busch? If not, how are you so well-versed in medicine?”
“That’s right! That must be it. This miracle doctor must be the real successor of Dr. Busch. The other guy must be a fake!”
When the bodyguards left, the onlookers immediately surrounded Dustin and began showering him with enthusiastic praises. As for Caldwell, he was cast aside with cold glances.
“Fuck!” Caldwell gritted his teeth with hatred. He was rightfully the successor of Brooke Busch. Why was that guy more popular than he was?
“Miracle doctor, you’re so skilled. How about you treat my sickness? My back is hurting badly.”
“Hey, old woman, wait your turn! I was obviously here first.”
“My illness is more serious. Could you please let me see him first?”
“I have a heart issue and can’t take any excitement. According to what you say, I would be lying on the ground now.”
The onlookers talked incessantly as they all requested Dustin to treat their sickness. They saw what he did for Eleanor and were confident in his skills.
“Well…” Dustin felt a headache coming as he looked at the overzealous onlookers. He didn’t think he would get into so much trouble for saving a person.
“What happened?” Suddenly, an old man in a long, flowing robe with a white beard and hair walked through the door.
Even though he was advanced in years, he was tall, sturdy, and had spirited eyes. He looked high and mighty and may come off as unfriendly. This old man was the chief doctor of Harmony Healers, Brooke Busch!
###Chapter 1281 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1281
“Dr. Busch? Is Dr. Busch here?” Everyone immediately gathered around Brooke when they saw him and left Dustin alone. Dustin’s performance earlier might have been impressive, but it was different when compared to Brooke.
After all, Brooke had been famous among the people for many years. His reputation in the community was irreplaceable.
“Dr. Busch! You’ve finally arrived! Harmony Healers was almost in trouble earlier!”
“Yes, that’s right! Someone would have died earlier if not for this doctor here. He saved the reputation of Harmony Healers!”
“Dr. Busch, is this doctor your new apprentice?” The crowd bombarded Brooke with questions, eager to satisfy their curiosity.
Under the relentless questioning, Brooke was completely dumbfounded as soon as he entered. He stood rooted to the floor, confused.
“Everyone, please … calm down.” Brooke raised his hands in an attempt to quiet the crowd. When the noise finally died down, he asked, “What actually happened? Tell me slowly.”
“I’ll do the honors! I was a storyteller at the library!” A man volunteered himself and recounted the incident that happened earlier in an exaggerated manner.
He emphasized how Dustin saved and revived Eleanor and the heroic details. of how Dustin saved the reputation of Harmony Healers.
The way he told the story drew the crowd in. When he finished, most women applauded and looked at him admiringly. His way with words made him attractive to the ladies.
“So that’s what happened.” Brooke nodded swiftly when he heard the story. He walked toward Dustin with a smile. ” Young man, thank you for helping us..
“It’s surprising that you have such amazing skills as a doctor at this young age! After all, a hero can be anyone!”
“You’re too kind, Dr. Busch. It was just a simple technique. Don’t mention it.” Dustin said humbly. “Good, you’re humble and calm. Very good.” Brooke nodded with an approving smile.
Too few young people were studying traditional medicine, and the gifted ones were even rarer. He had been searching for a successor but hadn’t found a suitable one.
Dustin’s appearance gave him hope. Even though he did not see his skills personally, he was sure that this young man before him was extraordinary.
“Dr. Busch, I came to visit with a purpose. May I speak to you in private? Dustin said politely. “Of course, please go upstairs.” Brooke didn’t reject and invited Dustin to the second floor right away.
Harmony Healers was a three-story building. The first level was the clinic, where they would treat patients. Brooke lived on the second level, where he’d also have guests over. The third level was closed to the public.
Dustin followed Brooke to the second level. When he entered the living room, he saw a pretty girl lying on the couch, playing with her phone.
The girl was wearing a t-shirt paired with shorts. She lay there lazily as her long, fair legs swung back and forth. Her slender and fair legs were lovely, with smooth and flawless skin. It was like a piece of perfect artwork.
“Young man, please meet my granddaughter, Harper Busch. She’s quite talented in both traditional and modern medicine.” Brooke said with a smile.
“Nice to meet you, Ms. Busch.” Dustin greeted politely.
###Chapter 1282 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1282
“Grandpa, why did you bring a stranger up here again?” Harper frowned, displeased.
“Harper, be nice!”
Brooke said with a stern face, “This young man just saved Harmony Healers, so he’s our savior. It’s only polite that I invite him up for a drink.”
“How did he help us?” Harper looked him up and down with a curious gaze. “We had a little bit of trouble earlier at the clinic. This young man helped us and saved our reputation.” Brooke said seriously.
If Eleanor really died at Harmony Healers, he feared that Harmony Healers’ reputation wasn’t the only thing that would be lost.
“Grandpa, stop joking! We have so many doctors at Harmony Healers. “Is there anything that we can’t cure? Do we need extra help?” Harper didn’t believe it.
Harmony Healers was very famous. Most hospitals would normally send the patients that they couldn’t cure to them. Dustin appeared young. How could he be any better than the doctors at Harmony Healers?
“Harper, don’t judge a book by its cover. Dustin may be young, but his skills as a doctor are impressive. He is as good as you are!” Brooke said.
“You say that every time. Fine, you guys continue. I’m going back to my room.” Harper didn’t want to say too much.
She went back to her room after casting Dustin a side glance, “Young man, I apologize for my granddaughter’s behavior. I must have been too lenient with her, thus, her rudeness.” Brooke looked helpless.
“It’s alright. Ms. Busch is just being honest.” Dustin smiled.
“Here, have a seat.” Brooke gestured toward a chair. When Dustin sat down, he poured him a glass of water and asked, “Young man, how may I help you?”
There were only two types of visitors to Harmony Healers. They were usually patients, or they were here to study traditional medicine. Brooke hoped that Dustin was one of the latter.
“Dr. Busch, honestly, I came to see you because I wanted to find someone,” Dustin said frankly.
“Oh, who is it?” Brooke was curious. “Have you ever heard of someone named Cinna Shaffer?” Dustin’s eyes gleamed hopefully.
“Cinna Shaffer?” Brooke was a little taken aback. A glint of surprise flashed in his eyes, but he quickly recovered his composure as if nothing had happened. But Dustin noticed this small change.
“Young man, I don’t know anyone named Cinna Shaffer. You must have asked the wrong person.” Brooke shook his head and feigned ignorance.
“You don’t know? But I heard that Cinna Shaffer is here in Harmony Healers?” Dustin narrowed his eyes. “We receive hundreds of patients daily here at Harmony Healers. I can’t recall at once if we have a patient named Cinna Shaffer.” Brooke remained calm.
“It’d be troublesome if you don’t even know his whereabouts.” Dustin sighed. “I may not know him, but I can help you ask around. May I know why you are looking for him?” Brooke pried.
“Cinna Shaffer is my savior. I’m looking for him so I can repay his good deeds.” Dustin replied with a serious. expression.
“Understood.”
Brooke nodded thoughtfully and continued, “That’s fine. I’ll keep an eye out for him. “I’ll inform you as soon as I have any news about him.”
“Your help is much appreciated.” Dustin stood up and bowed slightly. “You must be very busy. I’ll get going now. Thank you for your time.”
“Please.” Brooke stood up with a smile and showed him the way out. He watched Dustin leave and made sure he had gone far before sighing with relief.
“How could it be? It’s been ten years, and there’s still someone looking for Cinna Shaffer?
“Could it be? Could there be a mole?” Brooke murmured as he looked toward the stairs leading to the third floor.
Cinna Shaffer had a sensitive identity. If it were exposed, the whole of Harmony Healers would be destroyed in an instant!
###Chapter 1283 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1283
Brooke ensured the second-floor door was securely locked before heading to the third floor. The third floor was like a fortress. It was nearly impenetrable, with tough iron doors, security bars, surveillance cameras, and security alarms.
After passing through multiple security bars, he arrived at the dimly lit, messy third floor. The third floor’s only tidy and warm room was in the innermost part of the building.
Inside that room lay a frail, pale middle -aged man lying on his bed, unconscious and barely breathing. Brooke walked over to the man and checked his pulse, then sighed deeply.
“Ten years, and I still can’t get you to wake up,” he lamented.
“It’s a shame I can’t cure you despite being a skilled doctor.” Brooke shook his head. He retrieved a tablet, and placed it in the man’s mouth.
For the past ten years, Brooke had been devoted to Cinna’s care, trying various treatments and scouring ancient manuscripts. Yet all of his efforts had been in vain. All he could do was try to keep Cinna alive.
“Cinna, I have something important to tell you,” Brooke said. “A young man named Dustin came to see you today. But I wasn’t sure about his intentions, so I dismissed him.
“He is no ordinary person. If he is a threat, he could be a real problem to us. “He found us here, and I think we can no longer hide your presence at Harmony Healers anymore. Cinna, if you can hear me, please wake up.”
Brooke had been coming to this room every day for ten years to talk to the unconscious Cinna. “Dr. Busch, would it be alright if I looked at Mr. Shaffer’s condition?” A calm voice suddenly came from the door.
“Who’s there?” Brooke was startled to see Dustin. He uttered. “It’s you? How did you get in? You… didn’t you leave?”
He realized that he had been deceived. “I’m sorry for lying to you before, Dr. Busch. I hope you’ll forgive me,” Dustin said, bowing deeply.
Brooke didn’t trust him and knew further interrogation would be futile, so he took a chance. It was risky, but he needed to find out what Dustin was up to.
“Who are you, and what brings you here?” Brooke asked, shielding Cinna with his arms. Even though Brooke had no martial arts skills, he was prepared to give his all.
“Don’t worry, Dr. Busch, I’m not here to get back at you. I’m here to return a favor,” Dustin replied earnestly.
“A favor? You knew Cinna?” Brooke frowned, still looking skeptical. “Mr. Shaffer and I are old pals. He saved my life once. It took me a long time to find out where he was.
“So, I came to visit him with hopes of repaying him. I hope you don’t mind,” Dustin explained.
“Old pals? Repaying him?”
###Chapter 1284 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1284 
Brooke eyed Dustin to determine if he was telling the truth but could not find any inconsistencies. He asked intently, “Why should I trust you?”
“Dr. Busch, if I wanted revenge, I’d end both of you by now,” Dustin responded. He flicked his finger, and a bolt of energy shot out. It shattered a flower vase on the windowsill with a bang.
“What?” Brooke’s eyes widened, and his expression turned grim. He knew that the ability to manifest his energy meant Dustin was a strong martial artist. Brooke knew he couldn’t stop Dustin if he had bad intentions. So, he had to trust Dustin at this point.
“Dr. Busch, I’m sorry for startling you. Please forgive me,” Dustin apologized again.
“Very well! I believe you now. Unfortunately, you are too late, though, “Brooke said. He stepped aside and looked at the bed where Cinna lay.
“Cinna has been vegetative for ten years and has not woken up. I have tried many treatments, none have been successful.”
“Dr. Busch, let me try. I have some divine medical skills and may be able to help you,” Dustin offered as he looked at Cinna.
“You?” Brooke shook his head. “Kid, it’s not that I don’t trust you, but Cinna’s illness is more complicated than that. “There’s a potent energy inside him that I can’t seem to get rid of. All I can do is give him tablets to keep him alive.
Cinna had suffered severe injuries ten years ago that had taken a toll on his body and almost killed him. Brooke had managed to extend his life, but it was only temporary. Even now, he was still unconscious.
A formidable energy inside him kept damaging his eight vital meridians. Brooke had tried many times to remove the energy but could not. He suspected it was the source of Cinna’s unconsciousness.
“We won’t know if it’s possible until we try it,” Dustin replied as he sat beside the bed and checked Cinna’s pulse. His eyes widened in shock at what he found.
Dustin realized Cinna was in worse shape than he had expected. Fortunately, Cinna had a good physical condition. He could have died long ago if it weren’t for panacea. Dustin took a deep breath and attempted to infuse true energy into Cinna to check his condition.
But something inside Cinna was triggered, and a fierce, dominant true energy repelled Dustin’s true energy. Dustin recoiled from the clash.
“Indeed, something is not right!” Dustin’s expression turned grave. On closer inspection, it seemed that Cinna had not only been injured physically. There was also a seal on him, causing damage to his body.
The seal was strong and hidden, and any external energy that entered the body would be repelled. It was no surprise that Brooke couldn’t do much and that Cinna hadn’t woken up. The situation was more complicated than he thought.
“Young man, don’t push yourself too hard. Cinna may never wake up,” Brooke sighed. “Dr. Busch, you’re wrong. Mr. Shaffer will wake up because I can cure him!” Dustin’s statement was bold.
“What did you say? You can cure him?” Brooke looked at him in disbelief. “Kid, you aren’t kidding me here, are you? I’ve spent the last ten years researching Cinna’s condition and finding no answers.
“You’re telling me that you can cure him?”
He could not believe that a young man in his twenties could solve a mysterious illness he couldn’t even diagnose.
###Chapter 1285 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1285
“It’s not easy, but I can cure Mr. Shaffer,” Dustin said earnestly. “And I need your help, too.”
“Kid, if you can really cure Cinna, I’d sell Harmony Healers in a heartbeat,” Brooke sighed. Then he asked, “Why do you think you can do it?”
Brooke just met Dustin, so he had to be cautious. He could not make a rash decision since Cinna’s life was at stake.
“Well, you mentioned that Mr. Shaffer has some residual energy in him. If I remove the energy, would that prove I can heal him?” Dustin asked.
Brooke’s gaze sharpened. “That energy is very strong, and regular medical skills won’t work. Don’t make any empty promises.”
If it were that easy, Brooke would have already gotten rid of it sooner. “I can’t do it with regular medical skills, but I can with esoteric technique, “Dustin explained earnestly.
“Dr. Busch, give me half an hour. I’ll be able to remove this energy. You’ll see. Brooke hesitated, his brows furrowing. He was not sure if he could trust Dustin. Dustin was too young, and his motives were unclear.
“Look, Dr. Busch. Mr. Shaffer has been suffering for the past ten years, and we’re running out of time.
“If you have no other options, why don’t you let me try?” Dustin insisted. After thinking for a moment, Brooke reluctantly agreed, as Cinna’s life was on the line. “Okay, you can try, but his safety is our top priority.”
“Mr. Shaffer has been very kind to me, and I won’t put him at risk,” Dustin assured.
“Very well,” Brooke said, stepping aside. He knew he shouldn’t have trusted Dustin, but the man’s confidence had convinced him. He could not help but think that a miracle might happen.
With Brooke’s consent, Dustin focused intensely. He took a silver needle and sealed the eight vital meridians in Cinna’s body to protect him from potential energy disruptions.
He also gave a cardium to protect Cinna’s heart and prevent unexpected problems. Once he was all set up, Dustin began the healing process.
Cinna had a seal inside his body that was an ancient, dark, and sinister occult spell called the ethereal soul seal. It was used to hurt people.
Once it was cast, the spellcaster could control the victim’s life remotely. It was a difficult spell to set up and even harder to break.
The person removing the seal needed to be more powerful than the spellcaster, and they needed to be skilled at occult arts. Not anyone could just break this seal.
Ten years ago, Dustin would not have been able to break the seal. But now, he was halfway to becoming a grandmaster; it was no longer a challenge.
The only concern was the fragile state of Cinna, which could not withstand the side effects. Dustin had to be extremely careful and prioritize Cinna’s safety.
He took a deep breath and gently placed his hands on Cinna’s chest.
###Chapter 1286 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1286
Dustin gathered his mystical pure energy, gradually flowing it into Cinna’s circulatory pathways. Cinna’s heart sped up as a sudden surge of true energy clashed against Dustin’s pure energy. As their energies collided, Cinna twitched as if he had been electrified.
Dustin frowned and directed his pure energy to drain the ethereal soul seal’s energy slowly. He couldn’t risk overpowering the seal’s power in one go. The seal’s power was violent, like a beast, ready to devour any intruders.
As he continued to drain the seal’s energy, he replaced it with his true energy until the seal weakened. As time passed, Dustin continued to channel his true energy into Cinna. His forehead began to sweat, and his face went pale.
He was drained and exhausted. Normally, this would have been manageable. But Dustin had to protect Cinna as he drained the seal’s power, making it twice as exhausting.
Cinna’s heartbeat quickened as his face flushed. He perspired when his head emitted a white mist. Brooke watched anxiously, not wanting to disturb Dustin, and could only worry from a distance.
“This is really tough,” Dustin groaned. His true energy was almost depleted, and he knew he had to drain the ethereal soul seal’s energy before that happened.
Suddenly, the Celestial Pearl hanging on his chest spun rapidly. It released waves of energy that replenished his core and energy.
“Perfect timing!” Dustin exclaimed in relief. The Celestial Pearl, a sacred relic in the martial world, had come through in time.
With his energy replenished, the true energy grew stronger. After a while, the ethereal soul seal had reached its limit and weakened.
Taking the chance, Dustin directed his mystic pure energy to absorb the remaining seal’s energy. Then, he channeled his energy upward, aiming for the seal’s core.
Sensing the impending threat, the ethereal soul seal attacked Cinna’s circulatory pathways. His heart raced again. His nose began to bleed, and he convulsed uncontrollably.
“Oh, no!” Dustin realized that Cinna’s life was at risk. If Dustin did not break the seal at once, Cinna would not be able to survive.
“We can’t wait any longer!” Dustin took a deep breath, withdrew his hand, and placed his finger firmly on Cinna’s chest. He released all his energy and yelled, Break!”
###Chapter 1287 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1287
When Dustin’s finger touched Cinna’s chest, he trembled. Blood gushed out of his mouth and nose as his circulatory pathways shattered. His weakened body was in danger, and his life hung on by a thread.
The ethereal soul seal immediately crumbled beneath Dustin’s finger. “Cinna!” Brooke was pale and trembling. He rushed forward to check Cinna’s condition.
After Brooke was sure Cinna was alive, he regained his composure. “Dustin! I warned you not to be reckless.
“Do you know you nearly killed Cinna?” He scolded Dustin relentlessly. Dustin collapsed back on the chair, gasping for breath and sweating profusely.
After catching his breath, he said slowly, “The situation was more complicated than I expected. Despite the risks I took, I successfully neutralized Mr. Shaffer’s true energy.”
“Neutralized?” Brooke was taken aback and immediately checked Cinna’s pulse. Although his vitals were weak, the violent energy was gone.
“Is it neutralized? How is that possible?. “Brooke was surprised but delighted. He had spent ten years trying to treat this strange ailment, yet this young man in his twenties managed to neutralize it.
Brooke swallowed hard. He couldn’t believe it, so he examined Cinna again. The energy was really neutralized, and Cinna was freed from his suffering!
Brooke had to admit although Dustin was a master at the occult, he still had remarkable skills at this young age.
“Kid, I must say I’m impressed by your healing skills. You even went to great lengths to save Cinna. I’m eternally grateful,” Brooke said, his face filled. with respect.
Brooke thanked Dustin respectfully. If he had doubted Dustin before, he trusted him now. There was no doubt that Dustin was a good and selfless man. Dustin dismissed Brooke’s comment with a wave of his hand. “Don’t mention it, Dr. Busch.
“Mr. Shaffer saved my life once. I was just returning the favor.”
He continued, “So, are you two friends? Brooke smiled and said, “Twelve years ago, my entire family was hunted down and nearly destroyed by our enemies.
“Cinna came to our rescue and saved us. I owe him my life.”
“Dr. Busch, you have been devoted to Mr. Shaffer for ten years, and you have already repaid what was owed to him,” Dustin said.
“I cannot repay such a huge debt. Unfortunately, my medical skills are not as good as yours.
“I am ashamed that I failed to treat Cinna,” Brooke shook his head in sorrow. “Dustin, yosaved his life with your miraculous techniques. You are truly impressive.”
###Chapter 1288 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1288
Dustin turned serious and said, “But, it’s too soon to say I’ve saved him. “I have neutralized the true energy inside Mr. Shaffer, but his body has been severely damaged. His eight vital meridians are seriously injured.
“He’s like a living corpse right now. We must restore his circulatory pathways and rejuvenate his body for him to wake up.”
“Restoring his circulatory pathways and rejuvenating his body?” Brooke inquired, furrowing his brow.
“We would need the legendary sacred medicine Sanctifix, which has been missing for ages. Where can we find it?”.
In ancient texts, Sanctifix was a medicine that could revitalize people. It could repair damaged circulatory pathways and congenital disabilities. Unfortunately, it was extremely rare.
Even Brooke had only heard of it but had never seen it. Out of nowhere, Dustin blurted out, I’ve seen the formula for Sanctifix, and I’ve written it down.”
“What?” Brooke widened his shock. eyes in “Yo-you know the formula?”
Dustin nodded. “My family had a huge collection of ancient books. I found it when I was young and have memorized it.”
The West Lucozian monarchy’s library contained many books, and each book was invaluable. Because of his fondness for reading and exceptional memory, most books had been imprinted into his head.
“Who would’ve thought that you’d be so knowledgeable? It’s amazing that you know Sanctifix’s formula!” Dr. Busch looked at Dustin in astonishment. Brooke’s face brightened as the biggest challenge had been solved.
“But wait! Where can we get an alchemist to brew the elixir? “Finding an alchemist to make the elixir is like finding a needle in a haystack.”
Healers and alchemists were different. Brooke was skilled in healing but not as good in alchemy. If they wanted to make a sacred medicine like Sanctifix, they would need a top-notch alchemist.
Dustin assured him. “Don’t worry, Dr. Busch. I know a lot about alchemy. I’m sure I can brew it easily.”
“What? You know alchemy, too?”
Brooke exclaimed in disbelief.
“Are you serious?”
Dustin replied seriously, “When it comes to things that matter, I don’t take anything lightly.
“I read quite a bit as a child and am very knowledgeable about alchemy. I can’t say I have a perfect success rate, but it’s near-perfect.”
Brooke was speechless. Even the most talented alchemists at Dragonmarsh would have a hard time getting a near- perfect success rate. He thought, “Where did this incredible man come from? He’s not just good at martial arts.
“He’s a master of medicine, proficient in the occult, and has a good deal of knowledge about alchemy. Did Dragonmarsh have such a genius? This is unbelievable!”
Brooke was at a loss for words. Then he asked, “Dustin, I’m sorry if I’m asking this, but is there something you don’t know?”
###Chapter 1289 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1289
Brooke’s question caught Dustin off guard. What could he not do? He could do Martial arts, medicine, alchemy, occult arts, secret techniques, southern mystic arts, and many others. There was nothing he couldn’t do.
“Well, I’ve read many books and have a good basic understanding of things,” Dustin replied humbly.
“A basic understanding?” Brooke raised his brows, looking curious. At a young age, he can manifest energy, a skill of divine-level martial artists. And he called this a basic understanding?
The energy trapped in Cinna’s body had troubled Brooke for ten years. But yet, Dustin had neutralized it with a touch. And that’s just a basic understanding?
Dustin knew a top-notch alchemical recipe and could make Sanctifix. This would outshine the best alchemists in Dragonmarsh. And that’s also a basic understanding?
If all of that were just a basic understanding, everyone else was nothing compared to him. Dustin’s modesty was intimidating.
“Dr. Busch, even though I can brew Sanctifix, I’ll need your help to get the. medicinal herbs,” Dustin remarked suddenly. “Harmony Healers may not be much, but we’ve got plenty of medicinal herbs, “Brooke stated confidently.
“The medicinal herbs needed for making Sanctifix are quite rare. I’ll write them down for you,” Dustin said as he took out a pen and paper, listing all the needed herbs.
As Brooke studied the formula, his expression hardened. “I can get most of the herbs you listed, but there are three that are extremely rare and valuable.”
“Which three?” Dustin inquired. “Iceheart Lotus, Dragon Panax, and Emerald Corolla,” Brooke pointed to the items on the list.
“These are all high-quality herbs, almost priceless. Even if you went to all the medicinal stores in Oakvale, it would be hard to find them.”
“Dr. Busch, these three herbs are essential and can’t be replaced. Please ask around and let me know if you find any leads.
“If not, I’ll come out with another solution,” Dustin said. “Okay,” Brooke nodded thoughtfully, willing to do anything to save Cinna.
“Grandpa, I think we’ve got a problem downstairs…”
Suddenly, a clear voice came from the door, and both men turned to see Harper standing in the doorway.
“Harper! What are you doing here? I- told you not to come up here without permission.” Brooke’s face darkened.
“Grandpa, why does he get to come up to the third floor, and I don’t?” She pointed at Dustin, a mixture of surprise and confusion on her face.
Harper had previously sneaked up to the third floor out of curiosity, only to be reprimanded by her grandfather. She was warned not to mention the room to anyone.
Since then, the third floor had been locked up with tight security.
###Chapter 1290 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1290
Harper couldn’t understand why Brooke had shown this secret place to someone he had only met.
“Well…” Brooke hesitated, feeling awkward. He couldn’t just say that Dustin had barged in. Dustin explained, “I’m here to visit my uncle, Cinna.”
“That’s right, this is Mr. Rhys, Cinna’s nephew. It’s only natural for him to visit his uncle,” Brooke said solemnly. “Nephew? Uncle?” Harper looked at Dustin suspiciously.
“Grandpa, are you sure he’s not lying? Mr. Shaffer has been in a coma for ten years. “And suddenly, his nephew shows up to visit. Don’t you think something fishy is going on?”
“You’re overreacting. I trust Mr. Rhys is not a bad man,” Brooke said firmly, dismissing her doubts..
“But-!”
Harper was about to say more, but Brooke held his hand to cut her off. ” Enough, let’s talk about this later. “You said there was a problem downstairs. What happened?”
“Oh, that bastard, Ziggy Larkspur, is back. He claims that the medicine you prescribed him last time worsens his condition.
“He said if you don’t fix it today, he’ll destroy Harmony Healers!” Harper was indignant. Brooke frowned at this news. “I thought we would have time before troubles started, but I didn’t think it would be this soon.”
Dustin asked, “What’s going on, Dr. Busch?”
Brooke explained, “Our Harmony Healers are at a prime location and have a good reputation.
“A pharmaceutical company has been attempting to buy us out, but I’ve refused each time. So, they’ve sent people here to cause trouble and damage our reputation.”
Dustin raised an eyebrow, “So, they’re resorting to brute force? “How dare they be so bold? Doesn’t anyone keep them in line?”
“Well… reporting them to the authorities is useless. These bastards are fast, and they vanish once the officers show up.
“Even if they are caught, they have powerful supporters who will have them out in no time,” Brooke said. It was a difficult situation for him to be in. Brooke felt helpless even if he had divine medical skills. He had been harassed for months.
Dustin offered, “Dr. Busch, why don’t we go downstairs and see what’s happening? I have experience dealing with these people, and maybe I can help.”
Brooke had cared for Cinna for ten years, so Dustin thought he should repay the favor.
“What can you do?” Harper sneered at him.
“Ziggy is a notorious figure in South City and has powerful connections. You’re an outsider. How can you fight against him?”
“She’s right, Mr. Rhys. You can’t afford to upset Ziggy. Don’t worry about it. Let me take care of it.
“I still have some influence here in South City; they won’t dare do anything rash,” Brooke said thoughtfully.
“Grandpa, you don’t have to worry. I’ve already informed Cody, and he’ll take care of Ziggy. “We’ll just go down and hold them back until Cody gets here,” Harper said confidently.
“It looks like we’ll need to rely on Cody. “Brooke nodded.
“Let’s go downstairs and meet them.” With that, he led them down to the first floor of Harmony Healers. On the first floor, a scarred-faced man sat at the counter, slicing an apple. His henchmen sat behind him, pushing all the patients out of the way.
All the doctors and apprentices from Harmony Healers were huddled in one corner, trembling with fear and unable to speak.
“Hey, where’s Brooke? Tell him to get out here!” Ziggy grew impatient and grumbled.
“I’m counting to three; if he’s not here, I’ll wreck this place!”
###Chapter 1291 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1291
“Mr. Larkspur, it’s been a while. Why are you so mad? Maybe I can make you some tea to calm your nerves.”
Brooke, Dustin, and Harper walked down the stairs, noting the chaos in the medical center. Brooke’s brow furrowed, but he quickly composed himself.
“Hey, Dr. Busch, I see you’ve decided to show up. I thought you were turning into a chicken,” Ziggy smirked, crossing his legs.
“I don’t think I did anything to offend you. It isn’t the best way to handle things by causing a scene,” Brooke calmly replied.
“I’m here to get medical treatment. Are you saying I’m not welcome as a patient here at Harmony Healers?” Ziggy provoked.
“If you’re here for treatment, I would be delighted to have you. But I’m afraid, Mr. Larkspur, you are not just here for the treatment,” Brooke replied.
“Enough of this; let’s talk about my treatment now.” Ziggy was unbuttoning his shirt to reveal a festering wound on his abdomen. He pointed at the wound. “Dr. Busch, you promised me your golden salve would heal me last time.
“But now it’s not healing, and it’s getting worse. How are you going to fix this?”
“Mr. Larkspur, the medicine I prescribed is specifically for external injuries. It shouldn’t be making your condition worse.
“I think you’re mistaken,” Brooke responded composedly. He knew Ziggy was deliberately causing trouble by aggravating his wound.
“Mistake? You were the one who treated the wound and sold me the medicine. “If Harmony Healers wants to deny responsibility for my wound, I won’t go easy on you!” Ziggy raised his voice.
“Don’t beat around the bush. Just tell me what you want, Mr. Larkspur,” Brooke said with a stern face.
“Very well!” Ziggy jumped up and held two fingers. “You have two choices: cure my wound or hand over Harmony Healers to me. Simple, isn’t it?”
“Nonsense!” Finally, Harper couldn’t hold back any longer.
“Mr. Larkspur, your wound was clearly self-inflicted. And now you’re trying to blame Harmony Healers for it. You’re despicable!”
“Ah, Miss Busch,” Ziggy said, rubbing his chin and looking at her seductively.
“It’s been a while since I last saw you, and you look even more gorgeous, especially those lovely legs. “I wonder, Miss Busch, do you have a boyfriend? How about a little date?”
“Ziggy! You’re out of line!” Brooke said, stepping in front of Harper and shielding her from Ziggy’s gaze. His granddaughter was his top priority, and nobody was allowed to mess with her.
“Out of line?” Ziggy scoffed at this, pointing at the wound on his abdomen.
“Dr. Busch, aren’t you trying to scam me by turning me into this? Is that not out of line?”
“I know what you’re up to, and I will never sell you Harmony Healers.
“It is my life’s work. You can forget about it!” Brooke declared firmly. Ziggy’s smile faded, and his eyes hardened. “Brooke Busch! Don’t you dare defy me like that just because you are a ‘skilled doctor.’
“If you continue to be stubborn, you be in for some rough treatment!” “No matter what tactics you use, we won’t yield, even if it leads to a confrontation!” Brooke’s tone was resolute.
“A confrontation? You may not have the skills to pull it off.” Ziggy scoffed.
“Besides, my patience is wearing thin. Don’t push me further, or your granddaughter could be time.” gone in no “You-!” Brooke was exasperated.
People like Ziggy were thugs and ruffians that would go to any lengths to get what they wanted. They would use all kinds of dirty tricks, and there was no way to protect yourself.
Brooke had lived long enough not to fear death, but what of his granddaughter?
What about the disciples of Harmony Healers?
###Chapter 1292 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1292
“Ziggy Larkspur! If you mess with us, I’ll report you to the police,” Harper threatened sternly.
“Report me? Hahaha!” Ziggy burst out laughing. Behind him, his henchmen laughed and looked at her with amusement.
They wouldn’t be as unrestrained as they were now in South City if they didn’t have influential connections.
“Ms. Busch, you’re so cute. I think I’m falling in love with you.” Ziggy approached her, munching on an apple.
“So, tell me, how will you report me? I’m the victim here. It’s your quack doctors who made my injuries worse. “Will the police arrest me, the victim, or your Harmony Healers’ quack doctor?”
“You…” Harper was speechless. She knew Ziggy was deliberately causing trouble. However, Harmony Healers could not provide any hard evidence to defend themselves.
“Ziggy Larkspur, how dare you bully Harper?”
Then, a well-groomed man in a smart suit with a slick hairstyle walked in. His demeanor made him seem someone important.
“Cody?” Harper’s eyes lit up, and she quickly went to greet him with joy in her eyes.
“Cody, you’re finally here.” Brooke was relieved to see his senior disciple. Cody Ostrower was the scion of the Ostrower family. His family was among the top ten influential families in South City. No gangster or ruffian would dare mess with them.
“Master Brooke, Harper, are you okay?
“Cody stared at the ruffians.
“Yes, we’re fine. But this scoundrel, Ziggy, is despicable. “He has been causing trouble with Harmony Healers and even threatened to destroy this place,” Harper complained.
“Oh? So, he dares to destroy Harmony Healers?” Cody glared at Ziggy.
“Larkspur, you’ve got some guts! And who gave you the courage to cause trouble while I was away?”
“Well, if it isn’t Mr. Ostrower. It’s an honor to meet you,” Ziggy said, feigning politeness. “Stop wasting my time! Tell me, why are you causing trouble here?” Cody demanded.
“Mr. Ostrower, you’ve got it all wrong. I didn’t mean to cause trouble, but it’s all because of the Harmony Healer’s quack doctor.
“Look how my wound has gotten worse, “Ziggy said. He lifted his shirt to show his festering, gangrene-like wound.
“Don’t give me this crap!” Cody shot back.
“I’m telling you to leave, or things will get ugly.”
“Mr. Ostrower, you’re taking it too far! Do you know who’s backing me?” Ziggy’s smile slowly faded.
“Frankly, I don’t care who’s backing you up. If you’ve offended the Ostrower family, you’re all in trouble,” Cody said with unwavering confidence.
“Oh?” Ziggy sneered. “What if I tell you that the Swanson family, one of Oakvale’s eight great families, is backing me up?”
“The Swanson family?” Cody’s expression changed instantly.
###Chapter 1293 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1293
In Oakvale, there were eight big families, and the Swanson family was one of them. They had been around for a hundred. years and were influential in Oakvale, especially in South City. They were like the kings of South City.
The Welsh family was another powerful family in the city. The Ostrower family may be respected, but they weren’t on the same level.
When Cody heard about the Swanson family, his confidence turned into worry and seriousness.
“Mr. Ostrower, I know you come from a good family,” Ziggy said. “But there are some things you better not mess with, especially when it involves the Swanson family.
“I suggest you think twice before getting involved, or things could turn ugly.” He grinned, looking confident. He had looked into Harmony Healers’ background and knew they didn’t have strong backing.
Cody replied, “Ziggy, don’t act like you have connections to the Swanson family. You’re not fooling anyone.”
Ziggy responded, “The Swanson family is known for their good name. There are things they can’t handle openly, so people like us step in.
“Here’s another advice: stay out of things that don’t concern you, or you might get into trouble.”
“Who do you think you are to talk to me like this?” Cody felt challenged.
“I might not be someone special, but the Swanson family is. If you keep pushing, there will be consequences.” Ziggy smirked.
“Ha! Do you think bringing up the Swanson family scares me? Let me tell you, in Oakvale, we follow the rules.
“Even they can’t control everything!” Cody declared confidently. Everyone from Harmony Healers watched from the sidelines. They came from a respected family and weren’t easily intimidated by a bunch of troublemakers.
“Oh? Can your Ostrower family do what the Swanson family can’t?” Suddenly, a high-pitched voice echoed from the entrance.
Then, a hideous middle-aged man with a weathered face, a bulbous nose, and a mole on one side walked in. The mole had a few stray hairs, which added a bit of humor to his appearance.
“Hey, isn’t that the Swanson family’s butler? What brings you here?” Ziggy quickly went over and began flattering him shamelessly. The hideous man was Zion Swanson, the Swanson family’s butler.
“Hmmph! You’re taking too long to resolve this matter. If I hadn’t come, could you have handled it?” Zion grumbled.
“Yes, yes, you’re absolutely right, Mr. Swanson. You’re wise, brave, and brilliant. “Even I can’t even compare myself to you,” Ziggy flattered him, making Zion smile.
“Enough of that. Let’s focus on the issue at hand,” Zion said, turning to Cody.
“Mr. Ostrower, I heard you’re unhappy with the Swanson family. Is that true?”
With those words, everyone in the room turned to look at Cody. On one side, Ziggy and his friends enjoyed the situation like they were watching a show.
On the other side, members of Harmony Healers looked nervous and worried. Even though Cody had influence and power, he was powerless against the formidable Swanson family.
###Chapter 1294 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1294
Cody explained, “Mr. Swanson, I didn’t mean to disrespect the Swanson family. “But these ruffians caused a scene at Harmony Healers; I had to step in.”
Despite being just a butler for the Swanson family, Zion had the support of Ezra Swanson, the family’s scion. Cody wouldn’t dare to go against Ezra unless it was necessary.
“Causing a scene? But I heard that Harmony Healers are mistreating patients,” Zion remarked casually. your
“Ziggy told me that your quack doctor failed to treat his condition and made it worse. He came here seeking justice, and I find that reasonable.”
“That’s right…” Ziggy nodded, expressing his grievances. “Mr. Swanson, Harmony Healers are so unreasonable. Their treatment worsened my injuries, and I was close to death.
“Not only did they refuse to admit it, but they also accused me of causing trouble. Please, be fair and help me!”
“Nonsense! He’s just lying!” Harper couldn’t contain her anger. She had never met such a shameless. person before. Ziggy told blatant lies and was trying to extort money. Now, he even portrayed himself as the victim.
“Lying? Look at my wound!” Ziggy raised his shirt once again, revealing the festering wound.
“Mr. Ostrower, did you see this? Harmony Healers’ doctor caused this condition. “Are you still going to defend them?” Zion’s tone grew more confrontational.
“It’s just a minor injury. We can offer compensation. How much do you want? “Cody asked. He would pay if it meant resolving the issue.
“Compensation is a must, but I don’t want money.”
Ziggy shook his head and pointed at Harmony Healers’ sign. “I don’t want money. I want your shop. Then we can consider this matter settled.”
Cody retorted, “This injury is minor, and you want Harmony Healers? That’s absurd!” Ziggy replied, “Mr. Ostrower, this ‘ minor’ injury nearly cost me my life. I’d trade Harmony Healers for my life, wouldn’t you?”
“Hmph! What’s your life worth? It’s not even worth the restroom at Harmony Healers!” Cody replied firmly.
Zion interjected abruptly, “Ziggy is part of the Swanson family. Calling his life worthless is like saying the Swanson family’s life is worthless.
Would you take responsibility for your words?”
“You-” Cody felt frustrated. Dealing with Ziggy was one thing, but Zion’s words made matters complicated.
“Mr. Ostrower, don’t blame us for being unreasonable. If you won’t compensate, that’s fine. “Just heal Ziggy’s injury, and we can move on,” Zion stated, crossing his arms.
“That’s right! If you won’t compensate, heal my injury right now. Let’s see if you can,” Ziggy challenged, pointing menacingly at his wound.
“Hmph! Even if we prescribe medicine, you’ll replace it when you go home. How can it heal then?” Harper felt indignant.
They had seen this tactic before. Even Harmony Healers’ best medication couldn’t treat a patient’s ill intentions.
“Ms. Busch, mind your words. I’ve always been living an upright, honest life. “Why would I do something that’s harmful to me?” Ziggy replied, smirking.
“Mr. Ostrower, I’ve given you an opportunity. Whether you can heal Ziggy’s injury depends on Harmony Healers’ doctor’s abilities,” Zion said, looking as if he had everything under control.
Cody clenched his teeth, his lips frowned with displeasure. Brooke and the others also had furrowed brows, feeling helpless. They truly felt powerless under the persuasion and intimidation of the Swanson family.
“Why the fuss over a minor skin injury? Just heal it on the spot, and it’s done, right?” Dustin, who had remained silent, suddenly spoke up.
###Chapter 1295 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1295
“What?” Dustin’s sudden words grabbed everyone’s attention. “Where did you come from, kid? Do you even have a say here?” Ziggy didn’t seem pleased.
“I’m a new doctor from Harmony Healers,” Dustin calmly explained. “You just said if I heal your injury, you won’t ask for compensation. So, I want to give it a try.”
“Give it a try? You?” Ziggy laughed, thinking that Dustin was rather foolish. He thought, “This guy doesn’t even know what he’s getting into.”
“Hey! It’s not up to you. My grandpa hasn’t made a decision yet. You can’t decide for him!” Harper’s expression hardened, venting her frustrations on Dustin.
“If you don’t want to settle it through Harmony Healers, then the only option is to treat the injury. There’s no other choice,” Dustin said calmly.
“Who do you think you are? You think you can heal it just by saying so?” Harper was displeased by a country doctor acting arrogant at Harmony Healers.
“Kid, you’re new here and inexperienced. It’s not as simple as you think. Don’t interfere,” Cody advised. He assumed Dustin was just an apprentice at Harmony Healers and shouldn’t speak in this situation.
“You have better ideas?” Dustin shot back.
“I…” Harper struggled for words while Cody looked hostilely at Dustin. It took courage for an apprentice to talk back to Cody.
“Kid, I admire your courage, but this decision is on Dr. Busch,” Ziggy sneered and looked at Brooke. Zion pressured, “Dr. Busch, treatment or compensation?”
“Well…” Brooke frowned, clearly uncomfortable in the current situation. With Zion’s pressure and Cody’s lack of influence, the only choice was to treat Ziggy’s minor skin injury. But Brooke suspected it might be a trap.
“Dr. Busch, it’s just a minor skin injury -no need for your intervention. I can handle it.” Dustin asserted.
“Handle it? Seriously?” Cody scoffed. “I can’t even treat this type of injury, and you, an apprentice, dare to boast?”
“You’re just here to cause trouble at Harmony Healers!” Harper fumed. “This kid has no sense of place. He thinks he can take charge and give orders before Dr. Busch has spoken. How bold!”
The Harmony Healers’ apprentices couldn’t stop murmuring. Even a fool could see that Ziggy and his group were deliberately causing trouble. Accepting their conditions was just walking into a trap.
“Dustin, do you really believe you can … do it?” Brooke asked, a hint of uncertainty in his voice. Others might have doubted it, but Brooke felt that he could trust Dustin.
“I can’t say I’m a hundred percent sure, but I’m pretty confident,” Dustin nodded. He needed to ensure Cinna would stay with them for a while, and Harmony Healers couldn’t be sold now.
“Great! Since Dustin is so confident, I’ll bet the whole of Harmony Healers on him and trust him this one time!” Brooke declared.
His statement stirred up a commotion in the room.
“Grandpa, are you crazy? Do you actually trust him?
“He’s just a con artist with no real skills!” Harper was frantic. “Master Brooke! Your decision is going to ruin Harmony Healers!” Cody was equally agitated.
###Chapter 1296 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1296
“It’s over! Dr. Busch is placing trust in this scoundrel!”
Chaos ensued among the Harmony Healers. No one expected that Brooke would entrust the fate of Harmony Healers to a stranger.
“Haha! Impressive!” After a brief pause, Ziggy burst into laughter. “Dr. Busch has some guts. Let’s go with that!” Ziggy had worked tirelessly to reach this point. Now, they had fallen into his trap.
“Interesting… very interesting,” Zion said with a sly smile. Dealing with Harmony Healers seemed easier than he had anticipated.
“Stay calm; I trust Dustin’s medical skills. He won’t let us down,” Brooke said seriously. Harper, feeling restless, exclaimed,” But we still don’t trust him!”
“Master Brooke, there’s no need to take this risk. With me here, they won’t dare to cause trouble at Harmony Healers,” Cody tried to convince him.
“I’ve made up my mind. No need for more talk,” Brooke was determined.
“Grandpa!” Harper was so frustrated that she stomped her foot. Helpless, she turned toward Dustin and threatened, “Hey, I’m warning you! You better not mess up.
“I won’t let you off the hook if anything happens to Harmony Healers!” Dustin assured Harper, “Don’t worry. If I can’t heal that wound, I’ll take full responsibility.”
Harper was exasperated, ” Responsibility? Can you handle that?
Harmony Healers is invaluable. “Even if you sold everything you have, you couldn’t pay for a single brick or tile!”
“That’s enough!” Brooke raised his voice. “This is my decision, and even if something goes wrong, it’s my responsibility, not Dustin’s.”
“Grandpa-!” Harper was about to say something more, but Brooke raised his hand to silence her. He had made his decision, so they shouldn’t question it.
“Enough talking. Let’s treat my injury. Ziggy sat down and rolled up his shirt to expose his festering wound. He sneered, “I’ll be upfront. If you can’t heal me, hand over Harmony Healers.”
“No problem.” Dustin nodded. He turned to the medicinal cabinet to search for herbs. Harmony Healers stocked various herbs, making it easy to find what he needed.
“What is this guy up to? Is he going to make medicine right on the spot?”
“Hmmph! So suspicious!”
Many people sneered when they saw Dustin’s actions. It was clear they didn’t trust this stranger with an unknown background. Dustin ignored the skeptical onlookers and continued preparing the medicine.
After half an hour, a sticky, black substance was successfully produced. Its appearance was unremarkable and unsightly, resembling a freshly formed pile of shit.
“Hey, kid, what is this stuff? This stuff won’t kill me, right?” Ziggy felt uneasy when he saw the dark ointment. His abdominal wound was already severe, and an infection could become life-threatening.
“Don’t worry, it only takes half an hour, and your wound will heal,” Dustin stated. He applied the ointment to Ziggy’s wound and quickly bandaged it.
“Heal in half an hour? Do you think you’re a miracle healer?” Harper said coldly. “Humph! Even my mentor can’t do that. What makes you think you can?” Cody sneered.
“Even with Harmony Healers’ best golden salve, it would take three to five days for an injury of this level to heal. Healing in half an hour is simply impossible!”
Several doctors shook their heads, not believing it for a moment. “If this thing of yours can heal my injury, monkeys will fly out of my butt! Ziggy laughed cynically.
Ignoring the skepticism and mockery, Dustin ignored the odd looks around him. After applying the medicine, he sat back and calmly sipped his tea.
Half an hour later. Ziggy, who had been watching the time closely, suddenly stood up with a wicked grin. “Kid! Time’s up. I want to see if you’re playing tricks!”
With those words, he ripped off the bandage around his waist.
###Chapter 1297 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1297
Under the watchful gaze of everyone, Ziggy tore off the bandage. It revealed the dark and foul-smelling ointment covering his wound. It looked rather unpleasant.
“Hey, fetch me a basin of water to clean this wound!” Ziggy pointed at a doctor, who happened to be Caldwell, lurking in the corner.
“M-me?” Caldwell was startled and pointed at himself. He had been observing from the sidelines, hoping to avoid trouble. In the end, he was still called out.
“Hurry up! Do you expect me to do it myself?” Ziggy glared at him. “Oh, okay.” Caldwell nodded. He dared not to say much and quickly brought a basin of water and a towel.
“Why are you standing there? Clean the wound for me; be gentle. If you hurt me, I’ll break your leg!” Ziggy threatened. Being a ruffian, Ziggy could spot a pushover from a mile away.
Caldwell was nervous as he wet the towel, carefully wiping the wound. Ziggy smiled mockingly. “Dr. Busch, hurry and prepare the transfer contract.
“Grandpa, you shouldn’t have trusted Dustin. Your lifelong work will be ruined because of Dustin!” Harper gritted her teeth.
She was frustrated and wondered if her grandfather had lost his mind. Cody threatened, “If you tarnish Harmony Healers’ reputation, I won’t spare you.”
Cody was aiming for Harmony Healers. When Brooke died, it would become his. Cody felt displeased that someone else would take what was his.
“Mr. Rhys, it’s all up to you,” Brooke muttered nervously. He didn’t have high hopes but knew of Dustin’s expertise in the occult.
“I never imagined this kid would ruin Harmony Healers’ century-old reputation,” everyone lamented. Healing such a deeply infected wound in just half an hour was wishful thinking; it would take a miracle.
“Damn!” Caldwell suddenly exclaimed as if he’d witnessed something unbelievable. His outburst shocked everyone. Ziggy was so startled that he inadvertently kicked Caldwell. “Why the heck are you yelling?”
Caldwell pointed at Ziggy’s abdomen, his expression a mix of shock and disbelief. “The wound… it’s gone!”
“Gone?” Ziggy took a closer look at his abdomen and was astonished. To his amazement, the festering wound he had before had completely healed. There wasn’t even a scar, just a faint red mark.
“What? My wound has healed?”
The entire room erupted in disbelief. Everyone stared wide-eyed, their faces filled with astonishment.
They had all seen Ziggy’s wound before, and it was a horrifying sight, rotting and oozing. Normally, it would take at least ten days to two weeks to heal.
Even with the best golden salve from Harmony Healers, it would require three to five days.
But who could have anticipated that the ointment crafted by Dustin had fully healed the wound in just half an hour? It was simply unbelievable!
It wasn’t just any ointment; it was a miraculous healing ointment!
“Wow… How is this even possible? It healed?” Harper stared in disbelief and astonishment.
“Who is this kid? How did he make such a miraculous ointment?”
###Chapter 1298 by Marina Vittori
Cody was equally surprised, finding it difficult to believe. Everyone had assumed Dustin was trying to brag and lacked real skills. But, he had completely turned things around and resolved the crisis at Harmony Healers with his ointment. Dustin’s performance was truly remarkable.
“Wow… Dustin, you did a great job!” After recovering from his astonishment, Brooke clapped and laughed joyfully. He was prepared for failure, but Dustin had worked a miracle. It took him by surprise.
“What on earth! What happened to my wound? Why is it gone?” Ziggy kept touching his abdomen, looking concerned. He had put in a lot of effort to stage a deceitful act. If it failed this time, he would face the consequences.
“I never thought there was such a miraculous medicine in the world. If we can get our hands on it, we’ll make a ton of money.” Zion squinted his eyes, deep in thought.
As the Swanson family butler, he possessed a sharp mind. Despite the annoyance over their failed plan, he swiftly recognized a new business opportunity. It was amazing to heal the festering wounds within half an hour. An ointment as good as this was unheard of.
If the Swanson family could get this ointment and sell it, they could dominate South City’s medical market. They could even go to greater heights.
“Your wound has healed. You can leave, Dustin dismissed them with a wave as if swatting away flies.
“You little punk! How dare you mess up my plans? I’ll get you!” Seeing the plan fail, Ziggy was seething with anger and ready to attack.
“Hold on!” Zion stepped forward and slapped Ziggy.
The slap left Ziggy bewildered. The crowd was confused. They wondered why a sudden fight had broken out between people who seemed to be on the same side.
“Mr. Swanson, why did you slap me?” Ziggy, nursing his stinging face, looked upset.
“Hmph! How dare you to disrespect Mr. Rhys. It’s a given that I’m slapping you for that!” Zion glared at Ziggy fiercely.
Ziggy, puzzled and mournful, scanned the perplexed faces around him. Just moments ago, they were stirring up trouble. The sudden shift and Zion’s use of “Mr. Rhys” struck him as odd.
“Why are you just standing there? Apologize to Mr. Rhys, or I’ll break your legs!” Zion scolded Ziggy and slapped him again. Ziggy had no other option but to reluctantly approach Dustin. He apologized, “Mr. Rhys, I’m sorry.”
“Mr. Rhys, I sincerely apologize for not properly disciplining him. It’s my fault. I hope you can forgive us,” Zion added politely with a smile. The members of Harmony Healers were utterly confused by this strange turn of events.
Zion, the butler for the Swanson family, usually exuded an air of superiority and showed little interest in others. What had caused his sudden politeness?
trouble. The sudden shift and Zion’s use of “Mr. Rhys” struck him as odd. “Why are you just standing there? Apologize to Mr. Rhys, or I’ll break your legs!” Zion scolded Ziggy and slapped him again.
Ziggy had no other option but to reluctantly approach Dustin. He apologized, “Mr. Rhys, I’m sorry.”
“Mr. Rhys, I sincerely apologize for not properly disciplining him. It’s my fault. I hope you can forgive us,” Zion added politely with a smile.
The members of Harmony Healers were utterly confused by this strange turn of events.
Zion, the butler for the Swanson family, usually exuded an air of superiority and showed little interest in others. What had caused his sudden politeness?
###Chapter 1299 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1299
“Five million dollars? The Swanson family is sure generous,” the crowd whispered. Zion’s offer got everyone excited. Whether it was Ziggy’s henchmen or the Harmony Healers’ apprentices, five million dollars was a big deal for them.
“Mr. Swanson, this is a family secret formula. It’s not for sale, so I’m afraid you’ll be disappointed,” Dustin replied calmly.
He saw through Zion’s intentions. Such an ancient formula was worth more than five million dollars. Still smiling, Zion persisted, “It looks like Mr. Rhys isn’t satisfied.
“Well, it seems like the stars had brought us together today. I’ll double the offer to ten million dollars.”
“Wow! It just jumped to ten million dollars! Mr. Swanson is being generous!
“The crowd whispered excitedly. This amount was more than they could ever dream of earning. Even Ziggy was jealous at that moment. He had taken the job and risked his life for just one million dollars. While Dustin’s formula was being offered for a handsome ten million dollars, making Ziggy envious.
“Mr. Rhys, ten million dollars is a lot of money, enough for a comfortable life. In Oakvale, only the Swanson family can offer such a high price,” Zion said.
For regular folks, ten million dollars was more than they could imagine making in a lifetime. The average annual income in Oakvale was around a hundred thousand dollars, which meant a million dollars in a decade.
In contrast, ten million dollars would take a regular person a century of hard work to earn. The temptation was strong.
“Mr. Swanson, I’ve made it clear. This formula is a family recipe, and it’s not for sale,” Dustin emphasized. Zion frowned but quickly regained his smile. “Mr. Rhys, we want this formula.
“How about this? We’ll raise the offer to 20 million dollars. “Once you agree, we’ll immediately send 20 million dollars to your account. Opportunities like this don’t come around twice. This is our final offer.
“With 20 million dollars, you can make a decision that breaks tradition. What do you say?” The Dew Balm formula was worth a billion dollars. If Zion could get it for twenty million, it would be a big success for him.
“Mr. Swanson, it seems you don’t understand me. I’ll repeat myself.” Dustin’s tone became assertive.
“The Dew Balm formula is a closely guarded secret and is not for sale. I suggest you leave.”
Zion’s smile fell upon hearing these words, replaced by a frown. “Mr. Rhys, there’s nothing the Swanson family can’t get. By rejecting our offer, do you understand the consequences?
“20 million dollars can get you more than just a formula, and it’s more than enough to hire someone for your life.”
Zion’s eyes sharpened, and his tone carried a threat. He had been polite and even offered so much money to tempt Dustin.
He hadn’t expected Dustin to reject the offer. Zion decided that if being polite didn’t work, it was time to use force.
###Chapter 1300 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1300
“Mr. Swanson, I don’t like being threatened. “Let me give you some advice: don’t mess with me, or your Swanson family will regret it,” Dustin said casually.
“You’re quite bold, aren’t you?” Zion sneered.
“Alright, if you’re that confident, we’ll wait and see.” With that, he left. The Swanson family wouldn’t want a public confrontation. He would find another way to get the formula later.
“Kid, you’re in trouble now for crossing Mr. Swanson!” Ziggy sneered as he gathered his crew and left. Even though Ziggy’s plan failed today, he didn’t leave empty-handed. The Swanson family had their eyes on the Dew Balm formula Dustin had.
Ziggy believed that getting it would bring them great rewards.
“Mr. Rhys, we’re thankful for your help today. Harmony Healers would’ve been in a tight spot without you,” Brooke expressed his gratitude genuinely.
“Dr. Busch, it was nothing much. Just helping out,” Dustin replied humbly with a smile. “You’re a talented young person with amazing skills. I’m impressed,” Brooke acknowledged.
“Come on, what’s the big deal? It was just luck,” Harper said dismissively, crossing her arms.
“Harmony Healers would’ve been in trouble without that old formula.”
“Harper, show some respect!” Brooke scolded. “Mr. Rhys has helped us twice, and your attitude is disrespectful and uncalled for.”
“Did I say something wrong? He was clearly showing off, and it could’ve caused problems!” Harper retorted defiantly.
“You-!” Just as Brooke was about to lose his temper, Cody intervened. “Master Brooke, please stay calm. Harper was only looking out for Harmony Healers, even if her words were out of line. Please forgive her behavior.”
“If only Harper were as understanding as you, I’d be at ease,” Brooke said, his frustration and helplessness evident.
Harper, his only granddaughter, had been spoiled and pampered from a young age, which caused her unruly demeanor.
“Harper, you’re also at fault here. Mr. Rhys helped us today, and you were disrespectful and lacked manners,” Cody scolded Harper. Harper pouted and appeared upset but remained silent.
“Mr. Rhys, I appreciate your assistance earlier. Your remarkable skills surprised me, especially at your age. You’re impressive,” Cody complimented Dustin before getting to the point.
“So, what are your plans for the Dew Balm?”
Dustin candidly responded, “Are you considering buying the formula too?” Cody’s change in attitude was evident; it was clear that he shared the same motive as Zion.
“If you’re willing to sell it, that’s great. If not, we can still work together in the long run,” Cody said with a smile.
“I witnessed the remarkable effects of the Dew Balm earlier, and I’m confident it’ll be a huge success once we promote it. This product can potentially make us a fortune, even more than 20 million.”
The Dew Balm’s ability to heal injuries and scars within half an hour was exceptional and unmatched in Oakvale. He thought it would be a guaranteed success if produced in large quantities.
“Mr. Ostrower, the Dew Balm has significant side effects,” Dustin calmly explained.
“I administered a strong dose earlier for rapid healing. While Ziggy appears fine now, he may later suffer from severe abdominal pain and diarrhea.
“In the worst-case scenario, it could even lead to shock. This ointment is not for sale as it would bring risks to users.
###Chapter 1301 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1301
“The medicine’s not for sale?” Cody. frowned in disappointment. At first, he’d thought he’d found a treasure, but now he was learning about serious side effects. He couldn’t help but ask skeptically, “Mr. Rhys, are you serious? Ziggy seemed completely fine earlier.”
Dustin remained calm as he replied, ” The side effects won’t show immediately but in about half an hour.”
Cody continued to ask, “Is there any way to reduce the side effects of the ointment, even if it’s only 50% effective?” He hoped a milder version might have fewer side effects. Dustin shook his head. “Not at the moment.”
He knew both Zion and Cody had questionable motives. Plus, he had no intention of sharing the Dew Balm formula. It could be misused for profit and potentially harm people. After all, he didn’t trust Zion and Cody.
“It’s alright if the ointment isn’t perfect right now. If you give me the formula, I’ll work on improving it. Once it’s better, I’ll give you 50% of the profits,” Cody proposed.
Cody was Brooke’s senior student skilled in pharmacology. He believed he could enhance the Dew Balm formula. But Dustin refused, “Mr. Ostrower, this formula has problems and can’t be improved. You should forget about it.”
“How can we know that when we haven’t even tried it yet?” Cody insisted.
“Many have tried and failed. No matter how much research they did, it was futile,” Dustin explained, shaking his head.
“Hey! You’re being a bit stingy, don’t you think? I’m just asking for the formula, and you’re coming up with all sorts of excuses not to share it. It’s frustrating.”
Harper’s frustration boiled over. “Just because others couldn’t improve the formula doesn’t mean Cody can’t. He is more of a medical genius than you are, and he’s offering you a chance to make a lot of money. Don’t be so arrogant!”
Cody put on a serious expression, ” Harper, keep it down.”
“Don’t be too lenient on him, Cody. We shouldn’t indulge someone like him. Otherwise, he’ll become too arrogant!” Harper retorted, placing her hands on her hips.
“Mr. Rhys, your caution is understandable, given our recent encounter,” Cody changed the subject thoughtfully.
“But now that you’re part of Harmony Healers, we are friends. Can’t you trust me with this friendship?”
“That’s right! Cody is generous, compassionate, and reliable. If you entrust him with the formula, it’ll be in good hands,” one student said.
“Yes! Cody comes from a well-known family and is a pharmacology expert. He’ll undoubtedly enhance the prescriptions. Together, we can make a lot of money!” another added.
“Mr. Rhys, this is a rare opportunity. You may not need the formula, but if you entrust it to Cody, it’ll be put to good use!” a third one said. At this moment, the Harmony Healers’ students collectively urged Dustin.
Cody had a well-known reputation for his generosity. They believed that if hecould enhance the formula, everyone would benefit. Thus, they readily supported his request.
“Like I said, this prescription is a family heirloom and will not be sold,” Dustin calmly asserted.
“Mr. Rhys, please don’t take this the wrong way. I’m not buying it; I’m borrowing it. These extraordinary formulas shouldn’t be hidden away. Instead, they should be shared to help people. It’s our duty as doctors!” Cody passionately argued.
“Well said! Cody is truly compassionate!” Harper gazed at Cody with admiration. She found men as kind and principled as Cody to be a rare find.
###Chapter 1302 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1302 
“Benefit people?” Dustin mused. Cody’s behavior was a source of amusement to Dustin. He found it amusing that Cody was greedy yet portrayed as a noble person.
While Zion may have been greedy, he was at least willing to pay for what he wanted. On the other hand, Cody was willing to take whatever he could get.
“Hey! Cody is talking to you. Don’t you hear?” Seeing Dustin’s continued silence, Harper snapped. She added, “You’re part of Harmony Healers now, so you have to abide by our rules. Think of the prescription for Dew Balm as your contribution to Harmony Healers. There will be rewards in the future.”
“I’m going to say this one more time: the formula will not be shared,” Dustin responded coldly. “Hey, why are you so stubborn? Can’t you be more open-minded?” Harper said, frustrated.
She continued, “Cody wants it, not for personal gain. It’s about helping the masses and saving patients. Isn’t that a noble goal? Shouldn’t we support that?”
“Using my resources to achieve his goals is not fair, is it?” Dustin snapped. He scoffed, “If you’re truly selfless, generous, and compassionate, why don’t you give your possessions to the poor? Your home, car, clothing, bags, and luxury items? That’s what you call benefiting the people, isn’t it?”
Dustin continued to confront Harper, his words cutting like steel. He hated her holier-than-thou attitude.
“You… You’re just twisting my words!” Harper burst out. Her face was red from embarrassment and anger. She shouted, “How can you be so rude to me? You’re showing complete disrespect to your senior!”
“Senior? That’s just your assumption,” Dustin scoffed.
“I don’t care! Give me the prescription today, or you can’t stay at Harmony Healers. I will have you kicked out!” Harper threatened loudly.
“Miss Busch, you misunderstand me. I never wanted to be part of Harmony Healers in the first place. So, your threat is a joke.” Dustin shrugged, showing his indifference.
“You… You…” Harper was so furious that she stomped on her foot and almost lost control. Her tears streamed down her cheeks as she was overwhelmed by his attitude.
###Chapter 1303 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1303
“You asshole! You’ve gone too far!” Harper was so frustrated she was crying tears of grievance. She was known for her beauty and talents and had been pampered her whole life. No matter the situation, people adjusted their actions to cater to her every desire.
However, this Dustin brat was the total opposite of a gentleman. He not only disrespected her, he also humiliated her publicly. It was absolutely despicable!
“Alright, Harper, calm down.” Cody tried to mediate. “We’re all working at the same place and will be running into each other often. There’s no need to damage our relationship.”
“Please! Who’s working at the same place as him? Only one of us can exist at Harmony Healers! It’s either him or me!” Harper snapped back not mincing her words.
“That’s enough!”
Brooke finally had enough and berated Harper harshly, “Harper, you’re being absolutely unreasonable. The Dew Balm formula belongs to Dustin. It’s up to him to decide what he wants to do with it. You have no right to interfere!”
“Grandpa, I’m your granddaughter. Why are you siding with him?” Harper found it hard to believe. Normally, her grandfather doted on her greatly. Why was he siding with an outsider’s side today?
“Dustin saved Harmony Healers twice. Your lack of gratitude is already bad enough. How dare you kick up a fuss here?” Brooke’s expression was grim.
He warned her, “Act up again, and I’ll ground you for a month!”
“I…” Harper was about to argue further but eventually held her tongue. She knew that her grandfather was a man of his word. If he said something, he would undoubtedly follow through with it.
She felt unfairly treated. Still, she realized that continuing to create a fuss would only lead to more trouble for herself.
In the end, she could only glare at Dustin, directing all her anger and resentment at him through her gaze. She would make him pay for this sooner or later!
“Dustin, allow me to apologize on behalf of this unruly kid,” Brooke said apologetically. “Forget it. I’ll take it as them joking,” Dustin replied with a faint smile, not bothering to worsen the situation.
Although Harper was unruly, Brooke was a reasonable man. He also preferred to avoid unnecessary complications. After all, Cinna had to remain at Harmony Healers for the time being.
“Dustin, why don’t we return to the matter at hand.”
Cody continued impatiently, “I’m genuinely interested in partnering with you. If you’re willing to share the formula, we can collaborate on research. Let’s generate profits and contribute to the well-being of the people. What do you think?
“Of course, if you doubt my sincerity, don’t hesitate to name your price. Whatever you require, just name it, and I’ll do my best to meet your demands,” Cody proposed.
Dustin was about to decline when he thought of something. His tone shifting, he replied, “Since you’re so eager, I’ll be direct about it. If you can get me three medicinal herbs, I’ll give you the formula for free.”
“Really?”
Cody’s eyes lit up, turning excited immediately. “Dustin, even if you want 30 or 300 medical herbs, it won’t be a problem. Tell me, what do you need?”
“I’m looking for the Iceheart Lotus, Dragon Panax, and Emerald Corolla.” Dustin listed out the herbs one after the other.
Those were the main ingredients for creating Sanctifix, which is essential for treating Cinna.
It would be a worthwhile deal if he could exchange a formula with notable defects for three top-quality medicinal herbs.
“The Iceheart Lotus, Dragon Panax, and Emerald Corolla?”
Cody frowned upon hearing this. “If my memory serves me right, these medicinal herbs are extremely rare. They’re not even available on the market. May I know what you need them for?
“I have my plans for it. Well, do you agree?” Dustin responded calmly.
“These three medicinal herbs are extremely rare and have significant value. They will not be easy to obtain. But give me some time, and I should be able to gather them,” Cody said, deep in thought.
“Alright, I’ll wait for your good news. As soon as you have all three medicinal herbs, I’ll immediately hand over the Dew Balm formula,” Dustin replied with a faint smile.
###Chapter 1304 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1304
“Great! It’s a deal!” Cody’s spirits soared. The Ostrower family was a prominent family in the medical field. They weren’t as influential as the Welch family. Still, they were a significant presence in South City. With a little effort, it shouldn’t be hard for them to get three top-quality medicinal herbs.
“It’s getting late. How about we all have a meal together? It will be a perfect opportunity to welcome Dustin, “Brooke suddenly suggested.
“No problem! I’ll play the host today. Dustin, let me treat you to a meal at Regal Court!” Cody declared grandly.
“Regal Court?” Everyone at Harmony Healers grew excited at the declaration. Regal Court was the most prestigious restaurant in South City. It typically catered to senior officials and VIPs. Ordinary citizens could only dream of entering such a place.
Dining there required not only wealth but also social status and influence, making it a highly exclusive establishment.
Regal Court also had a widely circulated story associated with it. It was the very reason numerous senior officials and VIPs frequented the establishment.
Rumor had it that that person from Aylka had once dined at Regal Court. After his meal, he was so impressed by the food that he even composed a poem in appreciation.
The restaurant was once known as Starview Court. But from then on, it was officially renamed Regal Court, That poem became Regal Court’s hallmark and was shared in stories far and wide.
Ordinary people fortunate enough to dine at Regal Court boast about the experience for an entire year. As night fell, several luxury MVPs came to a stop at the entrance of Regal Court.
As the car doors opened, Cody led a group of people through the entrance, striding in confidently. Wherever they went, a chorus of greetings welcomed them.
Everyone who encountered them addressed Cody as Mr. Ostrower. The way he commanded attention and authority further fueled the admiration Harper and the others had for him.
“Regal Court truly lives up to its reputation. It’s so luxurious!”
“I never thought I’d have the chance to dine here in my lifetime. This is truly amazing!”
“It’s all thanks to Cody’s generosity. How else would we have this opportunity?”
The group of students from Harmony Healers whispered to each other as they entered. They gazed around in wonder, completely blown away by its impressiveness.
“Bumpkin, how’s it going? Are you feeling overwhelmed?” Harper approached Dustin on purpose with an arrogant expression.
“Someone like you has probably never seen such a high-end restaurant before, huh? Take your time to look around and take some photos. That way, you can boast about it to your friends.
“After all, this is an opportunity you won’t have a second time. So, you better make sure to cherish it, bumpkin.
Dustin chuckled and didn’t bother responding. He found it amusing that this woman was acting superior around him. He wondered where she found the courage.
“Hey! What’s so funny?” Harper was upset.
“I just know you’re uneducated judging by your appearance. Regal Court is the best restaurant in South City. Even the Emperor had dined here personally. Only senior officials and VIPs are allowed to enter.
“If it weren’t for Cody’s influence, you’d never have the chance to set foot inside this place in your entire life!”
“I don’t know if Regal Court is the best in South City.” Dustin shrugged. He continued, “All I remember is that when I dined here with the Emperor ten years ago, it wasn’t called Regal Court but Starview Court.”
###Chapter 1305 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1305
“What? Dined with the Emperor?” Harper was stunned before bursting out into mocking laughter.
“Hey, bumpkin, are you alright in the head? You? Dined with the Emperor? Are you even worthy? Even Cody is not qualified to dine with the Emperor. What makes you think you can?” A plainly dressed bumpkin like him dared claim acquaintance with the Emperor? How outrageous!
“If you don’t believe me, suit yourself.” Dustin shrugged, not bothering to argue. It was pointless to argue with someone so condescending.
“Hmph! I first thought you were ignorant and lacked manners. I didn’t expect you to be so boastful too. I don’t understand why grandpa values you,” Harper sneered as she crossed her arms. As an Oakvale native, she felt a sense of superiority when dealing with country bumpkins.
“We’ve arrived, this is it!” Cody suddenly stopped and pointed toward a piece of linen paper suspended in the air.
The linen paper was of considerable size. Encased in a gold-rimmed glass frame, it was prominently displayed for all to see with a mere upward gaze.
Several lines of calligraphy were inscribed on the paper. The script exhibited bold and vigorous strokes. It was so graceful that it was unmistakably the work of a calligraphy master.
“Cody, is this a poem?” Harper was gazing upwards as she asked curiously. Even though she had little knowledge of calligraphy, she could still appreciate the beauty of it. She found them visually pleasing and awe-inspiring.
“That’s right, it’s a poem,” Cody confirmed with a smile.
“I’m sure you’ve all heard the tales about Regal Court. Nearly a decade ago, the Emperor had visited Regal Court. After indulging in food and wine, he was in such high spirits that he spontaneously composed a poem.
“It is this very poem you see before us that the Emperor composed!”
“Wow! The rumors were true? There’s really a poem personally composed by the Emperor on display here? That’s incredible!”
“Regal Court truly lives up to its name!” The students of Harmony Healers couldn’t take their eyes off the poem. They were extremely excited.
For ordinary people like them, the opportunity to witness the Emperor’s talent was a privilege.
“Hmm… that’s odd. Why are there two names at the end of the poem?” one of them asked.
“You’ve asked the right question.” Cody stood with his hands behind his back. He was ready to demonstrate his knowledge.
“This poem was indeed composed by the Emperor, but the one who transcribed it onto the paper was another prominent figure. Hence, the two names at the end. “Of course, this also shows how much the Emperor favors this person.”
“There are people who can co-sign with the Emperor? That’s absolutely amazing!” The students expressed their amazement.
“To be held in such high regard by the King, they must be nobility, right?”
Harper appeared intrigued.
“Wrong guess, Harper.” Cody grinned and shook his head. “This person is not a noble, but their status is even higher than nobility.”
“Oh? Who is this person then?” Harper’s curiosity deepened.
“It’s none other than the Crown Prince of West Lucozia, the renowned Kirin from a decade ago, Logan Rhys!” Cody declared loudly.
“What? Logan Rhys, the Kirin?” The revelation sent shockwaves through the group. Logan Rhys was a renowned figure. Even though it had been ten years, his past glory remained vividly etched in people’s memories.
A decade ago, their era had been blessed with remarkable talents and prodigies. Yet, Logan Rhys had outshone them all.
Dominating Oakvale with unmatched force, he gained worldwide fame and single-handedly defined the brilliance of that era.
From that point forward, no one could even come close to being compared to Logan Rhys. Whether they were nobles, aristocrats, scions of prominent families, or exceptionally gifted individuals, Logan surpassed them all.
###Chapter 1306 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1306
“I can’t believe this is Logan’s calligraphy. It’s no wonder he’s qualified to transcribe the Emperor’s verses.”
“The Emperor’s verses and the Kirin’s penmanship. It would be unbelievable if Regal Court still couldn’t succeed!”
“As expected of the Kirin. His calligraphy, penned in his teens, is comparable to esteemed calligraphy masters. What a treasure!”
The students stared at the poem in amazement. They finally realized why Regal Court had such strict entry requirements. With such an invaluable treasure on display, it seemed perfectly justified.
“I heard that the Kirin is not only exceptionally gifted but also incredibly handsome. He’s also well-versed in both classical and contemporary literature.
“If only I was lucky enough to meet him!” Harper sighed dreamily, her eyes brimming with admiration. Even though Cody was outstanding in his own right, Logan remained in a league of his own.
Whether it was his family background, personal abilities, or physical attractiveness, Logan was the epitome of perfection. He was the ideal man countless women dreamed of.
In the past, Harper had often daydreamed about marrying Logan. The thought of becoming Logan’s wife was simply enchanting.
“The same stream of life that runs through my veins night and day runs through the world and dances in rhythmic measures.
It is the same life that shoots in joy through the dust of the earth in numberless blades of grass and breaks into tumultuous waves of leaves and flowers.”
“What a great poem. Simply outstanding! The verses are remarkable, but the calligraphy is even better. He truly deserves to be the unrivaled genius of our time!”
Brooke stroked his beard, uttering only praises.
“Dr. Busch’s praises may be a tad exaggerated. The penmanship on this appears somewhat unrefined.” Looking at the poem, Dustin reminisced back to ten years ago.
“Hey! What nonsense are you spouting? Harper was irritated upon hearing him. She shouted, “Who do you think you are? How dare you insult the Kirin’s penmanship? You have quite the nerve! Logan was her idol. He had a sacred presence to her. She wouldn’t allow him to be insulted like that.
“That’s right! The Kirin’s penmanship is worth a fortune, but what about you? You’re not even fit to be in his presence! “Caldwell chimed in.
While the others remained silent, they had strange looks on their faces. The Kirin’s writing had already stood the test of time. Many people had traveled far and wide just to witness its brilliance.
After seeing it, they were even more impressed. It was penmanship that had earned the admiration of various calligraphy masters. But Dustin was calling it unrefined?
What a cocky man.
“I was just stating facts. Why are all of you getting so worked up?” Dustin was puzzled. His handwriting ten years ago was indeed unrefined compared to now. What was the fuss about?
“Stating facts? You’re just spouting nonsense!” Harper was furious.
“You clearly don’t know anything, yet you’re shameless enough to give criticism. People like you are truly despicable!”
“Hmph! I think someone here is just jealous and trying to discredit the Kirin’s handwriting!” Caldwell sneered.
“Dustin, be careful with your words. If it spreads, it might land you in big trouble,” Cody warned. Was this guy out of his mind? He actually dared discredit the Kirin while at Regal Court? Was he trying to get himself killed?
“Rhys! You arrogant prick! Didn’t you say the Kirin’s penmanship was bad? Well, why don’t you pen a new piece exactly like this poem? Let’s see just how great you are!” Harper said angrily.
###Chapter 1307 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1307
“It’s been a long time since I’ve written anything, and I feel a little out of practice. I think I’ll pass.” Dustin shook his head.
His handwriting could easily be recognized by those knowledgeable in the field. He wasn’t exactly afraid of having his identity exposed now. But it would be a headache if certain people found out.
“Out of practice? Hmph! Just admit you can’t!” Harper scoffed. “You clearly lack the skill, yet you insist on showing off. It’s truly nauseating!”
“Alright. Calm down, both of you. Many people are watching. We don’t want to turn into a joke.” Brooke tried to diffuse the situation. While Dustin was undoubtedly skilled, criticizing the Kirin’s calligraphy was a bit presumptuous.
“Hmph! If anyone’s embarrassing themselves, it’s this guy! How dare he insult the Kirin’s work? Does he think us fans are a bunch of pushovers?” Harper glared at Dustin.
“Alright, enough of this. It’s just a piece of calligraphy. There’s no need to bring down the mood for it,” Cody said.
Then, he added, “I’ve already reserved a place upstairs. There’s a collection of rare and exotic treasures on that floor that’ll guarantee to amaze you all.
“Moreover, Regal Court is hosting a special event tonight. If luck is on our side, we might even get a delightful surprise.” Cody’s words immediately grabbed everyone’s attention.
“A surprise? What kind of surprise?” Harper asked curiously.
“From what I’ve heard, Regal Court hosts a literary event every three months. The competitions revolved around poetry and songs.
“Anyone who stands out in this event has a chance to win a special prize prepared by Regal Court.
“That is why, during these times, Regal Court tends to get crowded. Luckily, I had reserved a place early through my connections. If not, we might not even have a seat today,” Cody said enthusiastically.
He had spent a huge amount on reservations to secure seats upstairs. It was all in anticipation of this literary event.
After all, gaining entry into Regal Court typically required wealth or influence. That made it the best opportunity to make connections with influential VIPS.
“A literary event? That’s wonderful!”
After hearing the news, Harper’s excitement grew. “I’ve been studying poetry y and songs since I was a kid. I can finally showcase my skills!”
Her grandfather had forced her to read tons of books since she was young. As a result, she had memorized a lot of literary material.
In her school days, she was known as the gifted prodigy with a way with words. Now, she finally had the chance to relive her past glory.
“Cody, you mentioned that there was a prize for winning. Do you have any idea what it might be?” Caldwell asked.
“Anything Regal Court prepares will be nothing ordinary,” Cody said. With a smile, he explained, “If I’m not mistaken, the prize would be selected from the Treasure Pavilion.
“The Treasure Pavilion contains an exclusive collection of rare and exotic treasures handpicked by the owner of Regal Court. Anything picked from there is truly priceless!”
“Priceless?” Caldwell’s eyes lit up, and his excitement made his breath quicken. The rest of the Harmony Healers students were excited as well. They thought about how rich they could become if they were to get such a priceless treasure.
It was an unexpected surprise that a simple dinner would give them such a remarkable opportunity. “Harper, we’re counting on you later. If you can outshine the competition, we can bask in your glory.”
“Exactly! If you win the treasure, Harmony Healers will become famous too!”
Many of the students placed their hopes on Harper. They were aware that Harper was exceptionally intelligent and gifted. She stood out from the rest in whatever she pursued.
Especially when it came to poetry and songs, her upbringing had honed her skills to a high level of expertise that she could rival some experts.
“Don’t worry. When I claim first place and win that treasure, I’ll definitely treat everyone to a meal!” Harper declared with confidence.
“Harper, don’t get too arrogant. Remember, there’s always someone better out there,” Brooke offered a timely reminder.
###Chapter 1308 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1308 
Even though Harper was talented, it didn’t mean she could outshine everyone. After all, Oakvale was a place where elites gathered. It was a city with an abundance of talent.
“Grandpa, I was renowned as a prodigy back in school. That title belongs to me, and no one can dispute it. I’m better off dead if I can’t even win today’s literary event,” Harper said confidently.
“Why would you even say that?” Brooke frowned slightly.
“Master Busch, Harper is exceptionally talented and highly skilled in this regard. I believe she will do well,” Cody said with a smile.
“Did you hear that? Even Cody thinks so. I’m going to be the standout performer today!” Harper added, her confidence reaching new heights. Brooke shook his head in resignation. Harper’s arrogance would get her into trouble sooner or later.
“It’s almost time. Let’s head upstairs,” Cody said, leading the group to the second floor. Compared to the extravagance on the first floor, the second floor exuded an air of elegance and refinement. Every decorative element was meticulously arranged, leaving no room for criticism.
Several VIPs were already gathered on the second floor, each accompanied by one or two pretentious literary enthusiasts.
Regal Court’s quarterly literary event consistently drew its regular clientele. It served as an effective marketing strategy.
Cody led the group to their reserved table. Given the size of Regal Court, it didn’t feel crowded despite the number of attendees.
“Well, isn’t this the great Harper Busch?” Suddenly, they heard someone’s voice, almost teasing. The owner of the voice was an alluring woman dressed sexily, swaying her hips as she approached them. Beside her was a smart-looking man dressed in a white-sleeved shirt. He carried a gentle and intellectual air to him.
“Lana Camron? What are you doing here?” Harper frowned when she saw her, the smile on her face vanishing.
“The Camrons are pretty influential in South City. What’s so surprising about me dining here?”
Lana scrutinized Harper from head to toe before mocking her, “But how did a little name like yours manage to get into Regal Court?
“That’s none of your concern! You’re just slightly richer. What’s the big deal?
Harper puffed up her chest. The woman before her was not only her ex-classmate but also her love rival. Throughout their four years in university, Lana had constantly overshadowed her in terms of wealth, influence and physique.
She had even openly stolen her boyfriend, which wasn’t just a one- time occurrence. That was why Harper resented Lana intensely.
“Sorry, but it’s a pretty big deal to be rich.”
Lana continued with a mischievous grin, “For example, I can dine here every day. But you? You can only be here through someone else. That’s the difference between us.
“Oh, right, take more photos if you have the time and share them on social media. Treasure this rare opportunity. After all, it’s a miracle for someone like you to even set foot in here.”
“You-” Harper’s face flushed red in anger.
Why did those words sound so familiar?
###Chapter 1309 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1309 
“Ms. Camron, that’s a bit too much,” Cody finally spoke up. “Harper is my junior. It’s not exactly appropriate for you to make that comment with me here, don’t you think?”
“Oh? Mr. Ostrower is here as well? My apologies.” Lana feigned astonishment. She then continued with a sly smile, It’s no wonder Harper was able to get in. It turns out you were the one backing her.
“I’m just curious, as the scion of a noble and respected family, how come you have such bad taste? You’re actually attracted to this bland woman?
“Hey! Who are you calling bland?”
Harper was enraged at her words. She was about to act out but was quickly held back by those around her. The Camron family’s influence was slightly stronger than the Ostrower family’s. If Harper were to lay her hand on Lana, not even Cody would be able to get her out of trouble.
“If you reacted, I guess I must be talking about you then. What about it? Do you have an issue with it?” Lana smirked, her gaze provocative.
She thoroughly enjoyed seeing Harper fuming in anger, knowing Harper could do nothing about it.
“You… You’re too much!”
Harper was about to launch into an angry tirade when Cody stopped her. ” Ms. Camron, let’s not push it. We’re here for a meal and don’t wish for trouble. I hope you’ll let us off the hook.
“Alright, for your sake, I’ll let her off for now.”
Lana glanced at Harper and smiled faintly. “Oh, by the way, Ms. Talented, it seems Regal Court will host a literary event later. Don’t you consider yourself knowledgeable? I hope you won’t embarrass yourself later.”
“Hmph? Do you think I’ll lose? What a joke.” Harper had a grim expression. When it comes to literature, not even ten of you combined are a match for me!”
“Oh, really? Since you’re so confident, why don’t we have a little competition? “Lana smiled teasingly.
“Bring it on! Do you think I’m afraid of you?” Harper wasn’t afraid. While she felt inferior in terms of family background and wealth, she could easily outshine Lana in terms of talent. A pampered rich girl could never compare to her.
“There’s nothing interesting if it’s just a competition. Are you brave enough to up the stakes?” Lana challenged.
“What do you want to bet on?” Harper raised her head defiantly. “You don’t have anything of value on you, so how about you bet Harmony Healers?” Lana’s proposal was shocking.
“If you lose, you’ll hand Harmony Healers to me. If you win, I’ll give you one billion. How about it?”
“Harmony Healers?” Harper frowned at her words. This woman was clearly up to no good. “Harmony Healers is probably not worth one billion. But I’m a generous woman and won’t haggle over the details.
“The real question is, do you dare bet on it? If you don’t, you’d better steer clear of me in the future,” Lana said with a smile.
“What’s there to be afraid of? Let’s do it!” Harper was incited and readily agreed. “Harper! Stop messing around!” Brooke’s expression shifted dramatically as he tried to stop her.
“Harmony Healers is an important business to us. It’s not something for you to use as a wager!” he exclaimed. Betting a sum of money was one thing, but betting their entire business was a reckless move. If she lost, it would be catastrophic.
“Grandpa, don’t worry. I’m confident I’ll win. She’s practically handing us money!” Harper was highly confident.
“Do you think money is that easy to come by? It’s too risky to use Harmony Healers as a bet!” Brooke scolded her.
“Why not? I’m going to win. As long as I dare make a bet, it’d be like taking candy from a baby. This is an opportunity that we can’t miss!” Harper said boldly.
###Chapter 1310 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1310 
Harmony Healers didn’t earn much. They either treated the poor for free or only charged them the cost price of the medications. Despite their reputation, they struggled financially.
One billion was an amount Harmony Healers would never earn in a lifetime. That was why Harper thought there was no harm in betting on it. It could change their fortune dramatically.
“There are no absolutes in life. I will never allow you to risk Harmony Healers like that!” Brooke refused to give in.
“Grandpa, why won’t you trust me?” Harper was getting frustrated.
“When those thugs were causing trouble, didn’t you stake Harmony Healers too? You even did it on behalf of Dustin! Why are you willing to trust an outsider but not me? Why?”
Harper was practically yelling by the end of it.
“Kid, I had no choice back then. But you’re just being willful now. You need to understand the difference,” Brooke explained with a frown.
“I don’t care!” Harper wasn’t listening to reason and was getting agitated. “Why is Dustin worth betting Harmony Healers on, but not me? If you refuse to trust me today, I’m cutting ties with you!”
“You-” Brooke was exasperated. He was torn between anger and helplessness. Why was this child so stubborn? Did she have to gamble her entire family fortune just to prove a point?
“Master Brooke, while Harper is acting impulsively, she isn’t entirely unreasonable.” Right then, Cody spoke up for Harper.
“I know Lana. She’s not exactly smart. She’s no match for Harper, especially when it comes to literary knowledge. I have absolute faith in Harper. She’s definitely going to win!”
“Exactly, Master Brooke. Harper is widely recognized as a prodigy, particularly in literature. She’s way above that affluent woman!” Caldwell chimed in.
“Master Brooke, obtaining wealth often involves risks. If we win one billion, Harmony Healers can save countless more lives. Think about the people who will benefit from it!”
The students voiced their opinions.
“I…” Brooke found himself wavering. He was in a tight spot. If he refused his granddaughter, she might try something foolish. But if he agreed and she won the bet, it could resolve many of Harmony Healers’ issues.
For a moment, he found it difficult to make a decision. “Master Brooke, please agree. I’m willing to vouch for Harper,” Cody requested with a personal plea.
“Since you put it that way, I’ll allow her to have her way this time.” After much hesitation, Brooke finally relented. But he added with seriousness, “But this is a one-time exception. There will be no more next time!”
“No problem.” Cody nodded.
“Thanks, Grandpa!” Harper beamed. “Haha… And here I thought you wouldn’t dare take on the bet. You’re quite bold. But it’s a shame that you’re destined to lose.” Lana smirked.
“Lose? Hmph, what a joke! I know exactly what you’re made of. Your talent is a joke compared to mine.”
Harper scoffed.
While she couldn’t claim to know Lana inside out, she understood her well enough from their four years in university. It wasn’t an exaggeration to claim that her penmanship outshone Lana’s, even with her toes.
“Since you’re so confident, let’s see what happens later. I just hope you won’t regret it.” Lana smiled meaningfully before taking a seat at a nearby table with the man next to her.
After a while, the literary event hosted by Regal Court officially began.
###Chapter 1311 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1311
“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.” As the literary event commenced, a fair, stout, middle-aged man went up on stage. Flashing a welcoming smile, he greeted the audience respectfully.
“My name is Keanu Jankow, and I’m the manager at Regal Court. Thank you for gracing us with tonight.” your presence
Keanu continued with a smile, “It is once again the night of our quarterly literary exchange. Regal Court has selected a precious treasure from Treasure Pavilion to serve as the highlight of our evening and liven the crowd.
“Of course, our primary goal is for everyone to engage in friendly literature discussions, not competition.
“Mr. Jankow, what marvelous treasure has Regal Court prepared for us? Could you grant us a glimpse?” a man asked loudly.
“Yeah, we came here for the treasure. I hope it’s worth it,” many others echoed the sentiment. “Dear guests, please, be patient. I’ll have it brought forth shortly for all to admire.”
Keanu nodded and signaled to the two men standing beside him. They immediately understood and brought up a rectangular wooden box.
The wooden box measured 2 feet wide and 5 feet long. Crafted entirely from silkwood, the box itself held considerable value. One could only imagine the worth of its contents.
With an audible click, Keanu opened the wooden box slowly. Under the watchful eyes of the attendees, he unveiled a carefully framed painting within.
The painting depicted a woman dressed in royal attire. Sitting beneath a gazebo, her gaze was drawn to the snowy landscape outside. The woman had an elegant figure and an otherworldly presence, with only half her face visible.
Yet, her beauty was breathtaking, captivating every onlooker. Her eyes were especially bewitching. It was as if they were peering deep into one’s soul.
The exceptionally beautiful woman was set against the backdrop of the pristine snowscape. It created a harmonious look, culminating in an exquisite masterpiece.
“It’s so beautiful!” The room fell into a reverent hush after the painting was unveiled. The painting mesmerized everyone present. It wasn’t only beautiful, but it also seemed to convey profound emotions. The more they gazed upon it, the more captivated they became.
“I can’t believe such beauty exists.” Cody was utterly stunned, his eyes practically shining with wonder. Though he was not one easily swayed by physical beauty, he found himself unable to look away. Her beauty and charisma were bewitching, particularly in the way she expressed her emotions.
“I’d willingly give up ten years of my life if I could marry a woman like that!” Caldwell said, gulping repeatedly.
The rest of the Harmony Healer students were equally entranced. None of them had expected a painting to have such enchanting power.
“Hmph! There’s no way such a perfect woman exists in this world. She’s definitely a product of the artist’s imagination,” Harper said, sounding jealous.
She was confident in her appearance. However, she still felt inferior when compared to the woman in the painting. That was why she was convinced that the woman in the painting was fictional.
“Mr. Jankow, what’s the story behind this painting? And who is the lady in it? a man asked.
“To be honest, this is actually the work of Andrei Walser. It is titled ‘ Enchanting Elegance’,” Keanu explained.
“What? This is Andrei Walser’s work?”
“Andrei Walser? That renowned literary figure, known for his poetry and paintings?”
“That’s right! Andrei Walser is celebrated as a contemporary genius in both art and poetry. Every painting of his is considered a priceless treasure!”
###Chapter 1312 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1312
Once the artwork’s origin was revealed, the entire place buzzed with excitement. Most of the attendees present had a mild appreciation for the refined arts. And a legend like Andrei Walser was especially loved.
Poetry and painting were two different categories of art. Mastering one was already an incredible accomplishment. It was rare to find someone who excelled in both.
Those who had mastered both the art of poetry and painting, like Andrei Walser, were virtually unheard of. Most importantly, he was an unconventional artist. He had a complete disregard for wealth and seldom created poems or paintings.
That was the reason every one of his pieces was highly sought-after. Many VIPswith a penchant for art saw owning one of Andrei Walser’s authentic pieces as a matter of great. pride. Naturally, they were overwhelmed to witness his work in person in Regal Court.
“Dear guests, I believe all of you are aware of how rare it is to obtain Andrei Walser’s authentic work. This is only possible because of Regal Court’s acquaintance with Mr. Walser. If not, I’m afraid obtaining Enchanting Elegance would have been nearly impossible,” Keanu said with a smile.
“It is as expected of Andrei Walser’s work. Enchanting Elegance is such a vivid and lifelike painting. Its beauty is simply extraordinary!”
“We’re so fortunate to witness Andrei Walser’s original artwork in person!”
“Hold on … I’ve heard that Andrei Walser’s art is all about authenticity. Could this lady be a real person?”
As the crowd chatted, the question suddenly occurred to them.
“Dear guest, you have raised a valid point. The beautiful woman in the painting is indeed a real person, not a fictional character.” Keanu then paused, building suspense.
After a while, he announced loudly, “To tell you the truth, the subject of Enchanting Elegance is none other than Dragonmarsh’s most beautiful woman.
“As the reigning queen of the Beauty Ranking, her name is Grace Linsor!”
“What? Grace Linsor?”
The revelation set off a frenzy among the attendees. Everyone was overwhelmed by surprise.
The name Grace Linsor had become extremely famous in recent years. Yet, this woman was shrouded in mystery. Nobody knew what she looked like, and nobody knew her background.
They only knew that a few years back, the name Grace Linsor emerged out of nowhere. She triumphed over all the stunning women on the Beauty Ranking and secured the top spot. Since then, she was applauded as the number one beauty in Dragonmarsh.
Even after dominating the rankings for several years, she never made a public appearance. To this day, nobody actually knew what she looked like. However, that only heightened the public’s curiosity about her.
That was why the attendees appeared pleasantly surprised after knowing that the person in the painting was Grace Linsor.
Even though only half of her face was revealed, her beauty was unparalleled. There was no doubt that she deserved the title of Dragonmarsh’s most beautiful woman and reigning queen of the Beauty Ranking.
“Has our treasure lived up to your expectations tonight?” Keanu asked with a smile.
“Absolutely! This is a remarkable treasure! I’m getting my hands on Enchanting Elegance tonight, no matter what!”
“Nonsense! Enchanting Elegance is mine. Nobody is taking it away from me!” “Hmph, words are nothing! We’ll see later who has the skills to take home Enchanting Elegance!”
After some spirited banter, the atmosphere in Regal Court was brimming with excitement. Everyone was ready to showcase their talents.
“Since everyone is in high spirits, I won’t keep you waiting any longer.”
Clearing his throat, Keanu added, “Our theme for tonight will not be poetry, but solving riddles.”
###Chapter 1314 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1314
“It’s a grandmaster!” Harper declared confidently. “Only a grandmaster has the power to do everything that the poem mentioned.”
“A grandmaster? Are you sure?” Cody asked. “Of course! How can a simple riddle stump me? I just needed to warm up my brain to get the answer easily.” Harper was extremely confident.
“Harper is amazing, as usual. She solved the riddle in such a short time. As expected of the renowned prodigy!” Caldwell praised her.
“That’s right! With Harper here, we’ll not only get our hands on Enchanting Elegance, we’ll even earn a billion dollars!” The students of Harmony Healers were ecstatic.
“Hah… It’s just a riddle. It’s hardly a challenge. I can’t even showcase my talents in this,” Harper said arrogantly.
Dustin could only shake his head and snigger lightly. Harper was so overconfident that she didn’t even listen to the riddle carefully and misinterpreted the riddle. It was quite amusing.
“Hey! What’s so funny? Did I say anything wrong?” Harper had noticed him snickering from the corner of her eyes. She was displeased, and her expression grew icy.
“Of course, you’re wrong.” Dustin stated calmly, “You made a hasty conclusion. How could it be the right answer?”
“Who do you think you are to lecture me?”
Harper glared at him and retorted, There’s nothing in the arts I don’t excel in. What makes you think you can criticize me?”
“Exactly! Harper is a publicly recognized prodigy. She’s been immersed in literature and the arts since she was young. How dare a country bumpkin like you show off in front of her?” Caldwell scoffed.
“I’m just giving advice. It’s up to you to decide whether to believe me.” Dustin shrugged. He wasn’t the one who would make a fool of himself anyway.
“Dustin, from your tone, it seems like you have the answer,” Cody asked casually.
“If I guessed correctly, the answer to this riddle should be Time,” Dustin replied, “Time?” Cody rubbed his chin. Before he could respond, Harper had already scoffed.
“What time? What kind of shitty answer is that? It can gnaw iron, bite steel, and grind hard stones to meal. Only a grandmaster is strong enough to do that. What does it have to do with time?” Harper was incredulous.
She sneered, “You’re just pretending to know your stuff!”
“As I said, it’s up to you to believe me or not.” Dustin didn’t bother arguing. Some people would just never admit that they were wrong until they hit a brick wall.
“Cody, this guy is just seeking attention. There’s no need to give him any. Listen to me. Let’s go with grandmaster as the answer. We’ll definitely have the first riddle in the bag!” Harper said confidently.
“Alright! You’re the talented one here. I trust you!” Cody nodded and raised his hand.
“Mr. Jankow, I have the answer!”
“Oh?” Keanu raised an eyebrow slightly. He asked with a smile, “May I know your answer, Mr. Ostrower?”
“It’s a grandmaster!” Cody answered confidently, “Only a grandmaster has the power to do everything that the poem mentioned.”
Once he said that, many people started whispering, discussing whether he had the correct answer. “Mr. Ostrower, are you sure it’s a grandmaster? Would you like to think it over again?” Keanu advised.
“No need. It must be a grandmaster. Just announce the results!” Cody urged.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Ostrower. Your answer is incorrect.” Keanu shook his head.
“What? It’s incorrect?” Cody was taken aback and instinctively glanced at Harper. Didn’t she say they had this in the bag? Why was it wrong?
“How is that possible? How can my answer be wrong?” Harper widened her eyes in disbelief.
She was talented in poetry and the arts. How could she get a word riddle wrong? There must be foul play going on! Someone was targeting her on purpose!
###Chapter 1315 by Marina Vittori
“Hey! What makes you think my answer is wrong? How could I be wrong? It’s a simple word riddle!” Harper shot up in anger. She was defiant. As a prodigy, she was prideful. It was impossible for her to be defeated by a simple word riddle.
“Dear guest, please calm down. The answer has been set beforehand, and your answer is indeed wrong,” Keanu tried to explain.
“Fine! Since you said my answer is wrong, reveal the correct answer now! I want to see what can be a better answer than mine,” Harper demanded indignantly.
“Dear guest, since the other guests have yet to make a guess, it’s against the rules for us to reveal the answer at this time.
“If no one is able to answer this riddle, I will reveal the answer afterward. Please, calm down for now,” Keanu replied humbly.
“Oh, Harper, just admit you were wrong. A prodigy like you shouldn’t be a sore loser, don’t you think?” A sarcastic voice rang out beside them. It was Lana who spoke out, holding a wine glass.
“Who said I’m a sore loser? My answer isn’t even wrong to begin with!” Harper glared at her.
“You’re as conceited as ever.” Lana took a sip of her drink. With a faint smile, she said, “Do you know why I can’t stand you? It’s because you’re clearly untalented, yet you keep calling yourself a genius.
“Your arrogance is insufferable, just like now. You obviously have the wrong answer, yet you refuse to admit it. It’s truly sickening.”
“Bullshit! What makes you think I have the wrong answer? Do you think you’re better than me?” Harper yelled.
“What makes me think you have the wrong answer? Because I have the correct one, of course.” Lana stood up and turned her attention to Keanu. With a smile, she said, “Mr. Jankow, my answer is time.”
“Hmph! What nonsense!” Harper scoffed with her arms crossed. “Time has absolutely no relevance to the riddle. If this passes as the correct answer, I’ll denounce my name!”
“Is that so?” Lana smiled mockingly.
“Mr. Jankow, please reveal the results. Is my answer correct?”
“Congratulations, Ms. Camron. You are correct.” Keanu nodded slightly.
“What?” Harper practically screamed. She froze on the spot as if struck by lightning. She didn’t expect the answer she shunned to be the correct answer. How was that possible?
“Oh, Harper. How do you feel? It was unexpected, wasn’t it? Surprised?” With a smirk, Lana quipped, “With your personality, you will probably claim foul play or that Regal Court is playing favoritism.”
“That’s right! I won’t accept it!” Harper roared indignantly. “Why is it time and not a grandmaster? I must get a satisfactory explanation today!”
“It’s pretty self-explanatory, don’t you think? Why don’t you explain it to her? “Lana snapped her fingers, signaling the young man beside her to stand.
Although the young man had a gentle and intelligent demeanor, he delivered his words with resounding clarity.
“This poem is not hard. Humans, animals and plants all wither with time. Iron, steel, stone and virtually any substance will erode given enough time. Time practically devours everything.” After he was done explaining, the man leaned back in his seat.
“Brilliant explanation!”
“So that is the answer …”
Many of them applauded after hearing the explanation. Some things appeared simple, but without grasping the key to unlock them, finding a clue would be quite challenging.
“It really was time. Doesn’t that mean I just missed a great opportunity?”
###Chapter 1316 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1316
After returning to his senses, Cody regretted it so much that he wanted to slap himself. He should have listened to Dustin. He not only failed to bask in the limelight, he even succeeded in embarrassing himself.
“How could it be time? Just how could it be time?” Harper mumbled to herself, finding it hard to accept.
“Well, Ms. Talented Busch, do you have anything else to say?” Lana smiled mockingly. Harper was at a loss for words. Even though she didn’t want to accept it, the truth was undeniable and left her with little room for argument.
After listening to the explanation, she had to acknowledge that time was indeed much closer to the answer. “Congratulations, Ms. Camron, for getting the first point.” Keanu clapped.
He then flashed a smile toward the rest of the attendees. “Of course, there’s no need to feel discouraged, fellow guests. We have a few more questions prepared. “If you can answer them all correctly, there’s still a great chance for victory.”
Upon hearing this, a disheartened Harper immediately perked up. She only got one question wrong. She still had a chance to win if she performed well going forward.
“Please listen closely; this is the second riddle.”
Keanu took another card from the box and announced, “I am the beginning of everything, the end of everywhere. I’m the beginning of eternity, the end of time and space.”
“The beginning of everything and the end of everywhere?” The crowd exchanged looks of confusion. What was the riddle trying to convey? How should they go about guessing it?
“Harper, do you have any idea?” After a moment, Cody asked.
“The beginning of everything, the end of everywhere. The beginning of eternity, the end of time and space. Since it talks about a beginning and an end, it must be something temporary.”
Harper began analyzing the riddle in detail. “A riddle like this one sounds so grim. The answer can’t be something happy. It also carries a sense of uncertainty and sadness.
“There could be only one answer, and that is death!” By the end of her analysis, Harper was full of vigor. The dark clouds over her seemed to have dispelled.
“Death?” Cody was puzzled. Why did it sound so unconvincing?
“That’s right! Death!” Harper said with determination. “This can be the only answer. I can guarantee that I won’t be wrong this time!”
“Harper, are you sure?” Cody had his doubts. “Cody, trust me once more. I’m very confident this time. I promise not to disappoint you,” Harper said resolutely.
“Dustin, what do you think?” Instead of responding directly, Cody turned his attention toward Dustin, who was sipping on his tea. Since Dustin had the correct answer to the first riddle, it proved that he had considerable knowledge.
“I have a different perspective from Ms. Busch.”
Dustin said calmly, “Riddles typically operate on a surface level. Not every one of them is meant to convey intricate meaning. I think Ms. Busch may have read too much into this one.”
###Chapter 1317 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1317
“Hmph! What would you know? How could the riddles from Regal Court be deduced from common sense?”
Harper’s expression was grim. “Don’t think x you can boss me around just because you got lucky. You’re still unworthy and lacking in talent!”
In her view, Dustin had simply been lucky earlier. But blind luck like that couldn’t last. “Is that so? Seems like you’re very confident in your answer, Ms. Busch.” Dustin smiled ambiguously.
“Of course!” Harper cocked her head. “I’m well-versed in poetry and have exceptional talent. If I can’t figure out a simple word riddle, how could I ever show my face in public again?”
Upon hearing this, Dustin sniggered. Harper’s confidence was truly remarkable. “Dustin, why don’t you share what you think? We can discuss it together,” Cody said.
“Since you’re willing to listen, I’ll share my opinion.”
Dustin took a sip of tea before saying, ” I am the beginning of everything, the end of everywhere. I’m the beginning of eternity, the end of time and space.”
“Everything begins with the letter E, and everywhere ends with E. Eternity begins with E, and space ends with E.”
“Hmph! I know what letters those words begin and end with. There’s no need for you to show off your spelling skills.” Harper scoffed.
“Dustin, so your answer is?” Cody inquired.
“The letter E,” Dustin stated.
“The letter E?” Cody was taken aback. “What a load of crap!” As soon as Dustin gave his answer, Harper immediately retorted.
“What do you mean by the letter E? That’s utter nonsense! You’re only analyzing it superficially. Do you really think Regal Court will present such shallow riddles?
“I’m just answering the riddle based on its clues. It’s up to you to believe me or not.” Dustin shrugged. There was no use arguing with such an arrogant woman like Harper. No matter how well he presented his case, she would find ways to pick it apart and argue against it.
“Cody, don’t listen to his crap. I have the right answer!” Harper swore.
“I…” Cody looked between them hesitatingly.
Both of their explanations made sense.
He didn’t know who to listen to.
“Cody, don’t you trust my judgment?” Harper frowned, evidently upset. She added, “You should be well aware of my talents. The previous question was just a slip-up. I’m 100% confident I’ll get this riddle right!”
“Really?” Cody raised an eyebrow.
“I swear!” Harper said solemnly. “Alright, since you’re so confident, I’ll try again!” Cody said with heightened spirits. If she put it that way, she must be extremely confident in her answer. It would not be wrong again.
“Mr. Jankow, I know the answer.” Cody stood up once again, gaining the attention of the crowd. Since he had embarrassed himself earlier, he had to redeem himself this time.
“Please, go ahead.” Keanu nodded slightly. “The beginning of everything, the end of everywhere. The beginning of eternity, the end of time and space.
“This poem conveys a sense of uncertainty and sadness; hence, my answer is death!” Cody answered with his head raised.
“Death?”
###Chapter 1318 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1318 
The crowd broke into a quiet discussion. Some of the VIPS who pretended to be knowledgeable regretted not being quicker in their responses.
“Ugh! I was just about to say death, but this guy beat me to it. What a rookie mistake!” “Me too! If only I hadn’t hesitated, this young man wouldn’t have stolen the spotlight!”
“Death … seems like a profound answer!
Everyone thought that was the answer since Cody answered so confidently. “How about it, Mr. Jankow? Did I get it right?” Cody smirked, looking smug.
“I’m… sorry. You’re wrong again.” Keanu responded politely.
“What? Wrong again?” The smile on Cody’s face froze.
“Mr. Jankow, you’re not joking, are you?” “How can I joke about something like this? You indeed have the wrong answer.” Keanu shook his head.
After hearing this, Cody and the rest of the students of Harmony Healers looked at Harper with puzzled expressions.
“How is that possible? I clearly understood the poetic sentiments behind those lines. Why am I still wrong?” With her eyes widened, Harper found it hard to accept. She was a prodigy, so how could she make consecutive mistakes?
“Mr. Ostrower, seems like you’re putting your hopes on the wrong person,” Lana said.
She added sarcastically, “Harper is arrogant and self-absorbed. It’s unfortunate that she has no real talents. How can you believe her? You’d be better off throwing wild guesses.”
Cody’s eyes twitched. For a moment, he didn’t know how to respond. It was humiliating! One wrong answer could be seen as a mistake. But now he had given two wrong answers, and he was the first to answer each time. It looked pretty bad.
“Lana Camron, don’t be too smug! Even though I’m wrong, I’m still better than you. You can’t even answer!” Harper shouted.
“Who said I can’t answer?” Lana smiled faintly and snapped her fingers.
“Tell her the correct answer.”
“Sure.”
The scholarly man beside her stood up and said, “I am the beginning of everything, the end of everywhere. I’m the beginning of eternity, the end of time and space.
“Everything begins with the letter E, and everywhere ends with E. Eternity begins with E, and space ends with E. The correct answer is the letter E!”
“What a load of crap! How could it be the letter E-”
Harper was about to argue when Keanu said, “Ms. Camron is correct. The answer is indeed the letter E.”
Harper choked on her words, freezing on the spot. She couldn’t believe it. If only one person had given that answer, she would have surely scoffed. If two people gave the same answer, she could have still argued her point.
The problem now was that all three of them had given the same answer. How was she supposed to argue her case?
“I’m surprised that Dustin had the right answer. We lost our chance!”
“What a pity. If only we listened to Dustin.”
The students from Harmony Healers lamented as they shook their heads.
They had thought Harper would have a surefire victory when they saw her confidence. But to everyone’s disappointment, she had answered two questions incorrectly. On the other hand, Dustin was unremarkable yet consistently provided the correct answers. It was unfortunate that no one believed him.
At that moment, everyone looked at Dustin differently. He was the true diamond in the rough!
###Chapter 1319 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1319
“Ms. Camron has won two rounds in a row. If this continues, we’re at risk of losing Harmony Healers!” Brooke’s eyebrows were set into a deep frown, looking grim.
If only he knew this would happen, he never would have agreed to this gamble. If they lost, he would lose half of his life’s work.
“Lana obviously came prepared. We’ve fallen into her trap.”
“This woman is despicable!”
The students of Harmony Healers grumbled in anger, but there was nothing they could do. There was no turning back now.
The bet had been made in public. They couldn’t just go back on their word. Their only option was to find a chance to turn the tables.
They heard Lana’s mocking tone once more. “Harper, you lost again. A few more rounds and Harmony Healers will be mine.”
“Hmph! Don’t celebrate too soon. We’re just getting started!” Harper said darkly. She had heard that there would be ten riddles in total. As long as she answered six correctly, victory would still be theirs. She still had a chance to turn the situation around.
“You can’t even answer two simple riddles. Do you really expect to perform well with the remaining ones? What a joke.
“I’d suggest you give up early to save yourself from further humiliation,” Lana taunted. “The final winner hasn’t been determined yet. Let’s wait and see!” Harper was seething with anger.
“Fine, let’s see how talented you are.”
With a faint smile, Lana turned to Keanu. “Mr. Jankow, let’s continue.”
“Alright.” Keanu nodded and took another card from the box.
“Dear guests, please listen to the third riddle carefully.” He read, “This building has the most stories, with floors to climb and dreams to pursue.”
“This building has the most stories?” As the riddle was presented, the attendees began to think about it.
Typically, the answer to riddles was hidden within itself. But this should be an exception if it were this easy.
“I’ve got it!” Harper’s eyes lit up after thinking about it for a moment.
She said, “Cody, it’s the Omnisphere Tower!”
“The Omnisphere Tower?” Cody was taken aback.
Harper continued with great enthusiasm, “Think about it! The answer was pretty straightforward earlier. And I know for sure that the Omnisphere Tower has the highest number of floors. It must be it!”
Cody remained skeptical. “The Omnisphere Tower?”
“The Omnisphere Tower has 170 floors. No other building has more stories than it. It’s the most direct answer to this simple riddle,” Harper insisted.
Cody frowned. “It just sounds too easy.”
He had already lost confidence in Harper after her previous two incorrect answers. “Cody, just trust me one last time. I promise we’ll get it this time!” Harper swore.
Cody’s mouth twitched. He wanted to yell at her but restrained himself. This again? She swore with confidence every time, but the results were disappointing.
He found himself having to bear the burden of her mistakes as the attendees pointed fingers at him. It was embarrassing. If it weren’t for them being colleagues, he would have lost his temper.
“Dustin, what do you think?” Ignoring Harper, Cody looked at Dustin.
“Does it matter what I think? No one believes me anyway. It’s better if I stay silent.” Dustin continued having his meal leisurely.
Clearing his throat, Cody promised, It’s my fault for underestimating you. I’ll trust you for sure this time.”
###Chapter 1320 by Marina Vittori
“Cody, what do you mean by that?” Harper was upset. “Who does he think he is? Can he even be compared to me? Are you telling me you’d rather trust an outsider?”
“Just shut your mouth!” Cody yelled at her. “I trusted you twice, but you got it wrong both times. How am I supposed to trust you again?”
“I-” Harper was rendered speechless. Her face reddened. Cody was like a brother to her. He had never raised his voice against her. What had gotten into him today?
“Harper, this is not child’s play. You made a bet with Lana. If we lose, we’ll lose Harmony Healers!”
Cody softened his tone and said sincerely, “Besides, your talent lies in the literary arts. Your strength is not in riddles. You should let Dustin give it a try.”
He was determined to win. He couldn’t let Harmony Healers and Enchanting Elegance fall into someone else’s hands. Allowing someone else to act recklessly was also out of the question.
“Fine, I’ll give him a chance to showcase his skills. But once he answers incorrectly, I’m stepping in again. That way, you might still have a chance.” Harper pouted but eventually gave in.
“No problem.” Cody let out a sigh of relief and looked at Dustin again. “Dustin, why don’t you share your answer with us? What is it?”
“A building that has the most stories with floors to climb and dreams to pursue should be a library,” Dustin said calmly.
“A library… That makes so much sense! “Cody thought about that answer for a while before a delighted smile spread across his face.
“What a brilliant answer!” Harper’s Omnisphere Tower was just unconvincing. He immediately knew that library was the correct answer.
“Cody, don’t get too excited. Who knows if this is the real answer? What if he’s wrong?” Harper poured cold water on the enthusiasm.
“Then I’ll happily admit that I’m wrong!” Cody suddenly stood up and proclaimed loudly, “Mr. Jankow, I have the answer to the third riddle!”
“Mr. Ostrower, aren’t you a little too hasty? You’ve gotten two answers wrong. If you get a third one wrong, it’ll be embarrassing,” Lana suddenly said.
“He just won’t back down, huh.”
“It’s one thing to have no skills, but he’s always eager to show off. Isn’t he embarrassed?”
“Hmph! What a bunch of clowns trying to steal attention.”
Many attendees started mocking Cody. He should have known when to stop after making multiple mistakes. Instead, he kept rushing to be the first to answer and always got it wrong. He was only humiliating himself.
“Mr. Ostrower, this riddle is a little tricky. Would you like to think about it again?” Keanu suggested kindly.
“No need. I’m extremely confident this time,” Cody declared.
“Oh? What is your answer, Mr. Ostrower?” Keanu asked.
“A library!” Cody said boldly. “Mr. Jankow, is my answer correct?”
###Chapter 1321 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1321
Keanu was taken aback, and his gaze betrayed a hint of surprise. He didn’t expect Cody to get the right answer. The third riddle was much trickier than the previous two. When he drew this question, he thought no one could answer it. He almost even considered discarding it.
Yet, Cody, who seemed inexperienced, was the first to answer. It was surprising. Perhaps someone knowledgeable had pointed him to the right answer.
“Mr. Jankow, why are you just standing there? Just announce the results. Did I get it right?” Cody urged. He was confident at first. But after seeing Keanu’s unusual expression, he felt nervous again.
“Mr. Ostrower, I’d suggest you stop struggling. You clearly got the wrong answer again just by looking at Mr. Jankow’s expression,” Lana teased.
“Step down if you don’t know the answer. Don’t embarrass yourself here! “the attendees echoed. “I can’t possibly be wrong again, can I? Keanu frowned slightly. He was close to losing his composure.
“Hmph, you acted so arrogantly, yet you were still wrong! We shouldn’t have trusted you!” Harper glared at Dustin.
Unlike her, how could someone so incompetent possibly answer such a difficult riddle? “Dear guests, please don’t misunderstand.” Keanu returned to his senses.
He quickly cleared up the situation. ” Mr. Ostrower isn’t wrong. On the contrary, he answered correctly. The answer to the third riddle is indeed a library.”
“What? He was right?” Lana’s smile froze. The attendees who were clamoring earlier exchanged confused looks. Harper also had to swallow her words.
“Mr. Jankow, could there be a mistake? How could those idiots get the right answer?” Lana was in disbelief. Even the intellect she invited was unable to answer. How could Harper and Cody get it right?
“There is no mistake. Mr. Ostrower answered correctly.” Keanu nodded slightly. “That can’t be.” Lana frowned.
“Harper has an overinflated ego and has no real skills. How could she possibly have answered such a difficult riddle? Could she have gotten help?”
As she spoke, she gazed at everyone present before eventually settling on Dustin. Compared to everyone else, who was surprised and astonished, Dustin remained pretty calm. It was as if he had expected this outcome all along.
“I got it right. I finally got it right!” Cody was excited. His previous mistakes had cost him his pride, making him the subject of mockery. He finally regained some of it on the third question.
“Dustin, I didn’t expect you to be good at solving riddles too. Great job!” Brooke gave him a thumbs up. This man seemed to excel in everything.
“I just read a lot. It’s nothing special,” Dustin replied calmly.
“There’s no need to be so humble, Dustin. If it weren’t for you, we would have lost.” Cody returned to his seat with a smile.
“Hmph! What’s so great about it? He was just lucky!” Harper pouted, clearly unimpressed.
###Chapter 1322 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1322
In Harper’s eyes, Dustin had only managed to answer correctly through pure luck. If it wasn’t that, he must have come across similar riddles in the past to be able to answer that fast.
“Dustin, we’re counting on you for the remaining riddles. I’ll be deeply grateful to you if you succeed,” Cody pleaded.
“I’ll do my best for Dr. Brooke’s sake.” Dustin yawned. If it weren’t for saving Harmony Healers, he wouldn’t have bothered getting involved.
“Harper, I didn’t expect someone smart to be hiding amongst you,” Lana spoke again. “But don’t get ahead of yourself. We’re still in the lead. The next seven questions will decide the winner.”
“Hmph! Bring it on!” Harper raised her head without a trace of fear.
“Mr. Jankow, please present the next riddle!” Harper demanded. Keanu nodded and took out the card containing the fourth riddle.
“This is the fourth riddle. Always approaching, I dance in the skies, never to land, though I’m eager to rise.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Dustin answered, “Tomorrow.”
“Congratulations, dear guest. You answered correctly,” Keanu announced. “Huh?” The attendees were stunned. Someone had answered before they could even think about it. Was this a joke? How could he be that fast?
“Hold on! Why is it tomorrow? Can someone explain?” someone asked. “Tomorrow is always approaching as it is a new day that’s coming. But it never actually lands or arrives because it becomes today when it does.” Dustin’s explanation was clear and to the point.
“Oh, I see now. It sounds simple enough. No wonder he answered so quickly.” The attendees nodded in understanding.
“Mr. Jankow, please continue!” Lana was unwilling to accept defeat.
“This is the fifth riddle. In slumber’s grasp, a bull lies still; amidst the meadow, tranquil, chill. With closed eyes, it dreams away; in peaceful rest, til break of day,” Keanu announced.
“A bulldozer,” Dustin answered easily.
“Congratulations, you have answered correctly.” Keanu nodded. The attendees were rendered speechless. That was too fast. They hadn’t even had the chance to react. “Here is the sixth riddle. A seed with three letters in my name. Take away two, and I still sound the same.”
“A pea.”
“Here is the seventh riddle. Each day I break, a relentless plight, but I can’t be fixed, forever in the cycle of tide.”
“Dawn.”
“Here is the eight riddle. A box without hinges, key, or lid, yet golden treasure inside is hid.”
“An egg.”
“Here is the ninth riddle. Voiceless it cries, Wingless flutters, Toothless bites, Mouthless mutters.”
“The wind.”
The two of them exchanged riddles and answers with greater speed each round. No matter the riddles Keanu presented, Dustin answered them all correctly without hesitation.
The other attendees had no opportunity to even speak. Even the intellect Lana invited from Balerno was left speechless. He looked astonished.
Was this really a riddle-solving game? It seemed like he was just reading off the answers. It was a ridiculous situation!
###Chapter 1323 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1323
Everyone was stunned by Dustin’s rapid -fire answer. He was too fast. So fast that they weren’t able to react in time.
Their brains seemed to crash, and they lost any remaining competitive spirit they had left. What was supposed to be a competitive riddle contest became Dustin’s one-man show. Even Keanu broke out in a sweat as he watched Dustin’s performance.
These riddles were drawn at random and varied widely. Even if Dustin were an expert in the subject, he shouldn’t have been able to answer so quickly and accurately.
Regal Court had gone to great lengths to maintain confidentiality. If not for that, Keanu would have suspected Dustin of having access to the correct answers and memorizing them all.
“Here’s the I-last riddle.” Keanu gulped before reading from the card.
“A word, four letters, a puzzling feat. Read it forward, back, or flipped, so neat. In all directions, its meaning stays in sight. Left to right, it spells the same…”
“Noon,” Dustin said casually.
“You got all riddles … correct!” Keanu stated with difficulty. He had never seen such a literary freak like him. “Gosh! He got it all right? Is this guy cheating?”
“Why is he like that? He’s making me look like a fool!”
“Damn it! This makes me suspect that he was hired by Regal Court!”
After a brief silence, the attendees broke into an uproar. Even though they were just solving riddles, Dustin’s performance was simply outstanding. He overshadowed everyone else, turning those who came prepared into a joke.
Keanu said the main goal was for everyone to engage in friendly literature discussions. But they didn’t even have the chance to participate. “Oh my goodness! He answered all seven questions in a row. What a freak!”
“No, you’ve got it wrong. He answered all ten correctly!”
The students of Harmony Healers looked at Dustin like he was a monster. “H-How is it possible? How could he have gotten everything correct?”
Harper widened her eyes in disbelief. If Dustin had answered two to three riddles correctly, she could have chalked it up to luck. But even if she was unhappy with the outcome, she had to admit that he was far better than her.
“Amazing… You did incredibly well!” Cody grinned widely. He wasn’t very confident at first, but Dustin’s performance had amazed him.
“This kid is indeed an all-rounder.” Brooke beamed with great enthusiasm. It was extremely rare to find such an outstanding young talent these days. Brooke had thought about entrusting Harmony Healers to Dustin. Having Harper marry Dustin was also on his mind.
“I didn’t expect a dark horse to appear. I didn’t plan well enough.” Lana stared at Dustin, as if trying to see through him.
Dustin was dressed plainly, yet he exuded a striking presence. He appeared calm, composed, and humble. Even after his resounding victory, he remained unemotional.
It was evident that this man had a profound story. He was perhaps also a hidden master. “Mr. Jankow, are there any more riddles left?” Dustin asked calmly.
“No…”
Keanu managed a strained smile. “Dear guest, you are quite a remarkable individual. I am truly impressed. May I ask for your name?”
###Chapter 1324 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1324
“Rhys.”
“Mr. Rhys, congratulations on your win. “Carrying the box containing Enchanting Elegance, Keanu walked respectfully toward Dustin.
With a smile, he said, “Allow me to present you this priceless treasure, Enchanting Elegance, on behalf of Regal Court.””Let me inspect it first.” Cody was the first to receive the box from Keanu. Upon opening it, his eyes lit up.
“What a precious item!” After confirming its authenticity, Cody finally noticed he was out of line. After all, Dustin was the one who earned the prize. If he kept it for himself without any explanation, he would undoubtedly be criticized for it.
The best course of action was for Dustin to offer it up to him voluntarily. That way, he could accept it graciously and gain both the treasure and recognition.
It would be the perfect plan!
“Dustin, although I’ve long admired Enchanting Elegance, it is your rightful win. I won’t take what belongs to you.” Cody put on a pained expression as he spoke.
While he was giving the box to Dustin, he suddenly stopped. “Of course, if you don’t like it, I can keep it for you. If you ever decide-“!
“Okay, thanks.” Dustin accepted the box before Cody could finish his sentence.
“Huh?” Cody was taken aback. This wasn’t what he had planned. Shouldn’t he have declined out of politeness? Why did he just accept it? Had he not given enough hints?
“Hey, Rhys! What do you mean by this? Are you really going to keep Enchanting Elegance for yourself?” Harper was upset by what she just witnessed.
“Keep it for myself?” Dustin frowned slightly. Turning to Keanu, he asked, “Mr. Jankow, isn’t it the rule that anyone with the most correct answers gets the painting?”
“That’s right.” Keanu nodded. “That’s strange. That means this should belong to me now. Why are you saying that I am keeping it for myself?” When Dustin finished speaking, he already had his questioning gaze on Harper.
He wasn’t actually interested in Enchanting Elegance. Still, it didn’t mean he would give it away for free. Her demanding demeanor especially disgusted him.
“You did win Enchanting Elegance, but shouldn’t we get credit too?”
Harper insisted indignantly, “Putting everything aside, if Cody hadn’t brought you in here, would you even have the chance to get your hands on it? Shouldn’t you show some appreciation?”
“That’s right! You should learn to repay kindness. If it wasn’t for Cody, you wouldn’t have a chance to answer the questions. It’s only right to present the painting to Cody!” Caldwell chimed in.
“By the sound of it, it seems like I should sell my soul to Cody just for entering Regal Court,” Dustin sneered.
“Ms. Busch, please get your facts. straight. If I didn’t get involved, Enchanting Elegance still wouldn’t have been yours. You would have even lost Harmony Healers because of your impulsive recklessness!”
“Bullshit!” Harper wouldn’t admit it.
“Did you think we wouldn’t win if you weren’t here? What a joke! I was just getting warmed up! Even if you kept quiet, I would have won without a problem!”
“You got three answers wrong in a row. Who’s going to believe you?” Dustin sniggered.
“I-Those were just mistakes,” Harper insisted stubbornly. However, her voice was much lower. It was clear that her conscience was eating at her. “Harper Busch, how shameless can you get?” At that moment, Lana swayed alluringly toward them.
“This handsome gentleman just helped you and allowed Harmony Healers to escape unscathed. It’s fine if you’re not grateful. Yet you dare set eyes on his painting?
“Where’s your dignity? Must’ve left it somewhere in the trash.”
Harper immediately flushed at her words.
###Chapter 1325 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1325
“Y-You! What nonsense!” Harper exploded in anger. “Am I wrong? If it wasn’t for this handsome man, you’d have gone bankrupt. But here you are, bickering away. Are you really that dumb?”
Lana folded her arms and pouted. She even gave Dustin a flirtatious look when she was done. “Right, handsome?
She drew out the word handsome, making it sound flirtatious.
“Oh wow! So you two were a team!” Harper looked between them with a look of realization. “No wonder you two were so cozy with each other. It turns out that you’ve been colluding secretly!”
“Idiot,” Lana rolled her eyes at her, having no words. How stupid could Harper get? She always spoke without thinking.
“Let it go, Harper. Dustin was the one who won Enchanting Elegance, We have no right to meddle in what he decides to do with it.” Cody patted Harper on the shoulder. Despite maintaining a calm front, his gaze turned icy. This brat clearly couldn’t read the room.
If Dustin had handed over the painting, it might have earned him a favor. But since he wanted to keep it for himself, Dustin shouldn’t be surprised to find Cody resorting to more cunning tactics.
“Hmph! I’ll remember this! This is not over!” Harper glared at them both and left in a huff.
“Dustin, Harper is just stubborn. I hope you won’t take it to heart. Let’s talk tomorrow.”
Brooke said his goodbyes before following Harper out the door. He was afraid that she was going to do something foolish.
“Dustin, enjoy the rest of your meal. I need to take my leave first. Goodbye.” Cody plastered on a smile before leaving.
The rest of the Harmony Healers students also left after what happened. Dustin simply smiled and remained silent in response.
Both Harper and Cody were far from honorable. One was reckless and stubborn, while the other harbored ulterior motives. It wouldn’t be easy to take Enchanting Elegance from him. “Excuse me, handsome.” Just as Dustin was about to leave, Lana suddenly called out to him.
“Yes?” Dustin turned around.
“Are you here alone?” Lana gave him the once over.
“That’s right. Is there a problem?” Dustin countered. “No. I just wanted to remind you that Oakvale is teeming with all sorts of people. You have such a priceless treasure in your possession.
“I’m afraid you’ll get robbed as soon as you walk out those doors. Especially if you don’t have the protection of a strong force.”
“Is law and order that bad in the capital?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. “Even though this is the capital, people will go to great lengths for wealth. Your painting is more than enough to catch the attention of many,” Lana said ambiguously.
“Thanks for the reminder. But it won’t be easy to steal from me.” Dustin was unconcerned.
“Oh, handsome, the water in Oakvale runs deep. Besides, you only have two fists. How are you going to face all those thugs alone?”
“What would you suggest I do then, Ms. Camron?” Dustin asked.
“Easy. As long as you find an influential family to back you up, you’ll be free of worries. For example, the Camron family.”
###Chapter 1326 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1326
Lana finally got to the point. ” Handsome, you seem like a talented man. Why don’t you be a follower of the Camron family?
“Other than the Swansons and the Welches, no other family will dare touch you here in South City.”
“You aren’t inviting me because you have your eyes on Enchanting Elegance too, are you?” Dustin probed.
“Enchanting Elegance?” Lana smiled.
“Even though it’s a treasure, I’m not short on wealth. It holds little value to me.”
“Oh? Then why are you helping me, Ms. Camron?” Dustin was intrigued. “Even though I’m not short on wealth, I’m short on men.” Lana extended a finger and tapped Dustin’s chest.
She was practically glowing when she said, “You look thin but are surprisingly muscular. I didn’t misjudge you after all. I wonder, would you be interested in being my 108th boyfriend?”
“Huh?” Dustin frowned and instinctively took two steps back. He thought she was after the painting, not him. That was something he didn’t expect. What a flirt. Was she trying to gather a complete set of Kens?
“Oh, handsome, you aren’t startled, are you?”
Lana smirked. “Don’t worry, I was just joking. I don’t have 108 boyfriends. Even if I did, you would be my favorite. I promise you won’t be mistreated.”
Lana attempted to touch him again, but Dustin grabbed her hand. “Ms. Camron, please behave yourself.”
“We’re both adults here. There’s no need to be so formal. We should enjoy life while we can,” Lana said with a smile. “Ms. Camron, you’ve had a bit too much to drink. You should return and rest,” Dustin said impassively.
“Why the cold response, handsome?” Lana raised an eyebrow. Slightly aggrieved, she continued, “Am I not beautiful? Don’t I have a nice figure? Am I not desirable at all?”
“You are undeniably beautiful and have a great figure. But I’m not interested in you,” Dustin answered bluntly.
“You’re not interested?” Lana was taken aback. Then, she burst into laughter, nearly in tears from amusement.
“Interesting. Very interesting. Handsome, you’re the first person to reject me like that. I’m finding myself growing even more intrigued by you.”
She considered herself one of the best in terms of looks and physique. A mere flirtatious glance would melt the hearts of most men.
Even those who put on a dignified and indifferent front would fall at her feet. All she had to do was reveal her identity and shower them with gifts. No men could resist her allure. However, Dustin was the exception. She’d never encountered a man as unique as him.
She was extremely experienced in charming various men. From just a glance, she could tell if a man was lying. Dustin’s actions, expression, and tone proved he was telling the truth. His clear and calm gaze left no room for deception.
In other words, her usual methods of seduction had failed when it came to Dustin. The unexpected defeat only heightened her excitement. She decided that she would make this man hers no matter what.
“Ms. Camron, if there’s nothing else, I’m leaving.” Seeing Lana’s strange behavior, Dustin decided to make a quick exit.
As Lana watched Dustin walk away, she snapped her fingers. “Keep an eye on him. If he runs into trouble, be prepared to step in and save the day.”
Her eyes sparkled like a hunter who had just spotted a novel prey.
###Chapter 1327 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1327 
Dustin quickly noticed a few hostile gazes upon leaving Regal Court. With a swift glance, he identified at least two groups of people that had their eyes on him.
It seemed like Lana was right. Enchanting Elegance was a valuable treasure, and it attracted a lot of unwarranted trouble.
Ordinary folks were not necessarily able to hold on to such a treasure even if they happened to get their hands on it.
Luckily, Dustin was far from ordinary.
“Since you have targeted me, let’s see if you have what it takes to take it from me.” Dustin snorted. Without a sound, he moved toward a secluded area. The two groups followed him discreetly from the left and right side.
After about ten minutes of walking, Dustin turned into a deserted old alley.
“This is a great chance! Follow him!” More than a dozen black-clad men armed with knives rushed after Dustin into the old alley.
But soon, they were in shock. And that was because they realized they were in a dead-end, and Dustin was nowhere to be found.
“What’s going on? Where did that guy go?”
“This is strange. I definitely saw him go in. Where did he go?”
“Damn! He’s not a ghost, is he?”
The black-clad men exchanged looks of confusion and disbelief. How could a person simply disappear without a trace like that?
“Looking for me?” They suddenly heard a cold, impassive voice behind them. The group was shocked to see Dustin standing at the alley’s entrance.
“You… Weren’t you in front of us? How did you end up behind us?” one of the black-clad men exclaimed in surprise.
It was already dark out, and the moon shone brightly. Dustin kept his head slightly lowered. With half of his face shrouded in darkness, he exuded an icy aura. It intensified the already eerie atmosphere, making it more chilling and terrifying.
“You’ve been following me for so long. What do you want?” Dustin asked coldly. “So, you’ve already noticed us for a while now. You’ve got some skills.”
The leader of the group stepped forward and yelled, “Brat! Save the bullshit! We work for anyone who pays us. If you don’t want to die, hand over what you’re holding right now!”
“The item is right here. Come and take it if you can.” Dustin calmly placed the box with Enchanting Elegance inside on the ground. Then, he gestured forward with his finger.
“Hmph! You asked for this! Get him!” the leader shouted and charged forward with his group. Dustin sneered. With a light tap of his foot, he transformed into a ghostly shadow and charged right into the group of people.
With a series of agonized screams, the black-clad men were sent soaring into the air before landing heavily on the ground. It wasn’t long before they were writhing in pain and howling in agony.
“Tell me, who sent you?” Dustin gripped the leader by the throat and lifted him off the ground.
“I… I don’t know… I’m just following orders after getting paid.” The leader’s face contorted with fear as his body trembled.
He had thought it was just a simple job. He never expected their target to be this strong. In the blink of an eye, Dustin had defeated every one of them. It was truly terrifying!
“You don’t know, or are you just unwilling to talk?” Dustin tightened his grip. The leader felt his breath constricting. With his face turning red and the veins in his neck bulging, he started to struggle desperately.
“I … really don’t know. There are rules in our line of work. We never ask about our client’s identity,” the leader said with great difficulty.
“What utter trash!” Dustin lost interest. With a flick of his hand, he smashed the leader against the wall, rendering him unconscious.
These people only had basic combat skills. They couldn’t even be considered martial artists.
###Chapter 1328 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1328 
This meant that the mastermind behind his assault didn’t see him as a big threat. It could also mean that the person didn’t hold considerable power.
Dustin dusted off his clothes and put the box away. He was just about to leave when a few black SUVs pulled up at the opening of the old alley. The car doors flung open, and a group of muscular men dressed in fighting gear charged out.
Every one of them was armed and surrounded Dustin as soon as they got out of the car, leaving him with no chance of escape.
“Move aside!” At that moment, a burly man strolled confidently toward him with a cigar in his mouth. He had a scar on his face and an imposing presence. It was clear that he had bad intentions.
“It’s you?” Dustin narrowed his eyes slightly, recognizing the man. It was none other than Ziggy, who had caused trouble in Harmony Healers earlier that day.
“Brat, we meet again!” Ziggy puffed on his cigar. With his bulging belly and hands on his hips, he was clad in a faux mink coat. He looked exactly like a snob who had recently climbed the social ladder.
“What did you just call me?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“What? You deaf? I just called you a brat!” Ziggy glowered. Three minutes later, Ziggy was crouched on the ground with a swollen nose and a bruised face.
“Bud… Buddy, we can talk it out. Please don’t hit me in the face.”
He had completely abandoned his earlier arrogance, appearing timid and fearful. Several other men were lying in various positions on the ground around him.
He was extremely cautious this time and brought around 20 to 30 men with him. However, his men were beaten to the ground in less than three minutes.
He didn’t even notice what Dustin had done. All he saw was a blur; the next thing he knew, his men were falling like dominoes. It was clear that he had provoked someone he shouldn’t have.
“Ziggy, to be honest, I liked your previous defiant attitude better,” Dustin said as he pulled him up.
“B-Buddy, please stop joking,” Ziggy pleaded with a mournful expression. “I was ignorant. I’m sorry for provoking you earlier. Please spare me. I promise never to go against you ever again!”
“Do you really think you can walk away with just a few words?” Dustin asked indifferently. “W-What do you want to know? I’ll tell you everything!” Ziggy caught on quickly.
“You’re pretty smart.” Dustin smiled faintly.
“Let me ask you, did Zion send you?”
“Yes. Mr. Swanson wanted the formula for Dew Balm and sent us to take it from you.” Ziggy nodded repeatedly.
“Other than your group, did Zion send anyone else?” Dustin asked again. “N-No, it’s just us. Mr. Swanson didn’t take you as a serious threat,” Ziggy replied meekly.
“Great.” Dustin let go of him and smiled.
“Go back and tell Zion to arrange a place for us to meet tomorrow. We can have a proper discussion then.”
“What?” Ziggy was taken aback and didn’t know how to react. Dustin was going to negotiate with Zion? Wasn’t he sending himself into the lion’s den that way? What was he up to?
“What’s the matter? Is there a problem with that?” Dustin’s smile didn’t waver. “No, not at all. I’ll make sure to deliver the message.” Ziggy forced a smile.
“Alright, you can leave now,” Dustin waved. “Thank you! Thank you so much!” Ziggy lit up with gratitude. Keeping his head bowed, he limped to the car.
“Hold on…” When he heard Dustin’s voice again, Ziggy froze in place and broke out in a sweat.
“B-Buddy, you’re not changing your mind, are you?”
“Next time, when you’re going to act tough, don’t wear faux mink. It’s embarrassing.” With that, Dustin left, leaving Ziggy standing there in a daze, looking bright red.
###Chapter 1329 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1329
Seated by the window on the second floor of Regal Court, Lana swirled her wine glass. Her gaze was fixed on the tranquil night outside. The moon and stars were mirrored in her beautiful eyes. It made her appear exceptionally charming.
“Ms. Camron.” At that moment, a bodyguard dressed in a suit approached her. He whispered, “We had an incident earlier. The target you asked us to keep an eye on has disappeared.”
“Disappeared?”
Lana raised an eyebrow. “What do you mean?”
“The target is quite strong. He took down dozens of people with his bare fists. Then, he disappeared without a trace,” the bodyguard replied with his head lowered.
“Oh? Doesn’t that mean he’s an excellent fighter?” Lana smiled, her expression betraying her growing interest in him.
“I thought he was just good-looking, but it seems like he’s got some skills. Have someone investigate him and find out about his background. If he’s on the right side, try to bring him over.”
“Understood!” the bodyguard replied and left quickly.
“Interesting. How interesting. I haven’t met someone this interesting in a while now.” Lana smiled faintly before downing her wine in one shot.
She had a feeling that she had come across a valuable treasure. Early the next morning, Dustin left his hotel and headed straight for Harmony Healers.
After shaking off the people following him the previous night, he checked into a hotel near Harmony Healers.
His primary goal of coming to Oakvale this time was to treat Cinna and investigate the events of the past. With his current skills and the help of the Celestial Pearl, he was finally capable of searching for the truth.
Five minutes later, Dustin walked into Harmony Healers. The place was as bustling as ever, filled with mostly middle-aged and elderly patients. It was as noisy as a market, with people chattering incessantly.
Dustin had already informed Brooke beforehand of his arrival. So, he proceeded directly to the second floor.
The door on the second floor was already open. Brooke had been waiting for him in the living room for some time.
“Dustin, you’re here? Please, have a seat.” Brooke extended a welcoming hand. Pouring him a cup of tea, he apologized, “I’m truly sorry for what happened last night. Even though Harper can be quite stubborn, she means no harm. I hope you won’t hold it against her.”
“No worries, it’s all in the past. I just hope she can behave herself going forward,” Dustin said with a faint smile. Harper was a stubborn and unreasonable woman. If it weren’t for Brooke’s sake, he wouldn’t have been so understanding.
Of course, as long as she didn’t cross his boundaries, he preferred not to be bothered about her.
“I’ll make sure to teach her manners from now on. If she continues down this path, she’ll get into trouble sooner or later,” Brooke said regretfully.
“By the way, Dr. Busch, how is Mr. Shaffer’s condition?” Dustin changed the subject. “I just checked on him. Cinna’s condition is still stable for now. But he can only stay that way for around ten days to two weeks.
“We’ll need to produce the Sanctifix as soon as possible.” Brooke’s expression turned solemn.
“Have you got any news on the three main ingredients for Sanctifix?” Dustin asked.
“I’ve already had someone look into it. While we don’t have any news on the Iceheart Lotus or Emerald Corolla, I do know where to find a Dragon Panax. But it’s a bit tricky to get.” Brooke sighed.
“Oh? Where is it?” Dustin perked up instantly.
“As far as I know, the Dragon Panax is the Welch family’s treasure. They rarely show it to others,” Brooke explained.
“The Welch family, one of Oakvale’s eight great families?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“Exactly.” Brooke nodded.
“I heard that Mr. Welch Senior has been in poor health, and they’re keeping the Dragon Panax for its life- extending properties. It’ll be incredibly difficult to get it from them.”
“It is pretty troublesome, but we have to try. Leave this matter to me,” Dustin said thoughtfully.
“Dr. Busch, please look more into information on the other two medicinal herbs while I’m at it.”
“No problem. I’ve already contacted my friends in the medical community. I believe it won’t be long before we get news on them,” Dr. Busch replied seriously.
###Chapter 1330 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1330 
“Master Brooke, Dustin, we’ve found you.” At that moment, Cody and Harper walked in through the door.
“Hmph! You’re here to take advantage of us again!” Harper grimaced and shot Dustin a scornful look. She couldn’t shake off the events from last night. Her resentment toward Dustin and his collusion with Lana was still fresh in her mind.
“Dustin, I heard you were almost robbed last night. Are you alright?” Cody asked with a concerned look.
“Thank you for your concern, Mr. Ostrower. They were just a bunch of petty thieves. I didn’t take them seriously,” Dustin replied.
Dustin suddenly changed the topic and asked, “By the way, Mr. Ostrower, how did you know I was almost robbed?”
“Huh?” Cody’s expression froze, but he swiftly regained his composure.
“Oh, I have a well-informed network. In this part of South City, hardly anything can happen without me getting wind of it.”
“I see.” Dustin chuckled with a knowing look. He had been wondering who might have taken an interest in Enchanting Elegance last night. It now seemed quite likely that Cody was involved.
However, he had no intention of exposing him. After all, a hypocrite like Cody could turn out useful in the future.
“Dustin, Enchanting Elegance may be a treasure, but it’s also a burden. Given your current status, you won’t be able to hold onto it for long,” Cody said meaningfully.
“Oh? Is that so? What would you suggest I do?” Dustin probed.
“It’s quite simple. The sooner you sell it and get it off your hands, the better.”
Cody added seriously, “You should give it to me if you trust me. I’ll get someone to auction it off for you and make sure you get a great price for it.”
As long as he had the painting, he would be the one to determine the final selling price. How would a country bumpkin like Dustin know how much it was worth anyways?
“An auction, you say? Let me think about it.” Dustin pretended to consider it. “Don’t dwell on it too long. Every minute you have your hands on it only puts you in more danger. I’m advising this for your own good!” Cody urged somewhat impatiently.
Dustin was about to say something when his phone rang. When he answered, he heard Ziggy on the other line.
“Hey, brat! Didn’t you want to meet up with Mr. Swanson? I’ve arranged it for you. Come on over if you dare!”
“What did you just call me?” Dustin’s voice grew colder.
“Br-” Ziggy was about to curse at him when he was reminded of something. His voice faltered as he stammered, “B- Buddy, you wanted to negotiate, right? Mr. Swanson has invited you to meet at Goldcrest Lounge. Please come over soon.”
“Goldcrest Lounge, was it? Alright, I’ll be there in an hour.”
After hanging up, Dustin turned to Dr. Brooke and said, “Dr. Brooke, I have some matters to attend to. I’ll be taking my leave. Let me know when you have any updates.”
“Alright! Brooke nodded.
“Dustin, I heard you mention that you’re heading to Goldcrest Lounge?” Cody asked. “That’s right. What’s the matter?” Dustin responded with a sidelong glance.
“Do you know that Goldcrest Lounge is the Welch family’s territory?” Cody asked again.
“Of course, I do. I’m going there to negotiate with Zion. Some matters are best resolved early to avoid trouble,” Dustin replied casually.
“Dustin, you’re being na?ve!” Cody slapped his thigh. He cautioned, “The Welch family is greedy and has been eyeing the Dew Balm formula the entire time. If you go alone, you’re sending yourself into the lion’s den.”
“No one knows who the lion is yet.”
Dustin remained calm. “Dustin, if you insist on going, I won’t stop you. However, to be safe, I strongly suggest you write down the Dew Balm formula and entrust it to us.
“If the Welch family can’t get their hands on the formula, they definitely won’t hurt you, either.” Cody was quick to come up with the idea.
Since he couldn’t get his hands on Enchanting Elegance, getting the Dew Balm formula was a good alternative.
“Mr. Ostrower, how thoughtful of you. You’re always looking out for my best interests,” Dustin said sarcastically.
First, he wanted Enchanting Elegance, and now he was after the Dew Balm formula. This son of a bitch was exceedingly greedy.
“Come on, we’re friends. It’s only natural to help each other out. Just wait a moment; let me get you some paper and a pen.
“You can write down the formula, and I’ll keep it safe.” After saying that, Cody dashed downstairs eagerly. Two minutes later, when he returned upstairs with some paper and a pen in hand, Dustin was nowhere to be found.
###Chapter 1331 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1331
Zion was seated by the window on the second floor of Goldcrest Lounge. He was sipping on his tea as he observed the bustling street below.
Even with over ten occupied tables, Goldcrest Lounge felt rather solemn compared to its usual lively air. The patrons at each table seemed to be silently enjoying their tea.
“Mr Swanson, that guy has arrived.” Ziggy, who was standing behind Zion, suddenly pointed downward. Zion looked down and saw Dustin strolling through the crowd. He appeared calm and unruffled.
“Hmph! He actually came alone? How na?ve!” Zion sneered. Then, he downed his tea in one gulp. Shortly afterward, heavy footsteps approached. Dustin had made his way upstairs without any difficulty. After scanning the room and spotting Zion and his group, Dustin promptly. sat across from them.
“Mr. Swanson, we meet again.” Dustin smiled and poured himself a cup of tea.
“Mr. Rhys, Ziggy told me you’d like to discuss business. What would you to talk about?” Zion asked rather politely. like
As the Swanson family’s butler, he was naturally sharp-witted. There would be no need for physical confrontation if the matter could be resolved with money.
“It’s about the Dew Balm formula, of course.” Dustin got straight to the point.
“Oh?” Zion raised an eyebrow. He smiled. “It seems like you’ve finally thought it through. So, how much are you asking for? Name your price. As long as it’s reasonable, I’ll do my best to accommodate you.”
“I don’t want money. I just need you to get me some herbs based on this prescription.” Dustin slid the list of herbs across the table to Zion as he spoke.
The list contained twenty different types of precious herbs, including Iceheart Lotus, Dragon Panax, and Emerald Corolla. Dustin had given an extensive range of herbs on purpose. He wanted to make his intentions less obvious.
The Swanson family was prominent in the medical field. They boasted a history spanning over a century. Their influence and network extended nationwide. It far surpassed a small entity like Harmony Healers.
If anyone could obtain the three main ingredients for Sanctifix in South City in record time, it was the Swansons. This was the main reason Dustin had decided to negotiate with them.
“Let me have a look at the list.” Zion picked up the prescription and scrutinized it closely. But his smile was quickly replaced by a frown.
“Mr Rhys, most of the herbs on your list are high-grade herbs. Some of them are even top-grade precious herbs. They are exceedingly rare and hard to come by. This is a very demanding request.”
“Mr. Swanson, the Swansons are a family with a century-old legacy. Your influence in the medical field is unrivaled. There shouldn’t be any problem in obtaining these herbs, don’t you think?”
Dustin took a sip of his tea. It had a delightful and aromatic taste. It was undoubtedly an excellent blend.
“Shouldn’t be any problem?” Zion’s eyes twitched as he struggled to suppress his anger.
“Mr. Rhys, you’re asking for too much. The value of these herbs far surpasses that of the Dew Balm formula. I cannot agree to this.” With that, he pushed the list back to Dustin.
What the hell? Gathering these herbs would likely deplete half of the Swansons’ financial reserves. This guy was truly asking for too much.
Dustin continued, “Mr. Swanson, the Dew Balm formula is a heirloom in my family. I believe it’s a fair trade for just a few herbs.”
“A few herbs? There are clearly 20 to 30 precious herbs on this list!” Zion couldn’t help raising his voice.
If they were just regular herbs, he could have asked for as many as he wanted. However, the herbs he was asking for were high-grade and top-grade precious herbs.
Each one could make an ordinary person wealthy for a lifetime.
###Chapter 1332 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1332
“Mr. Swanson, you seem sincere in wanting the formula. How about this? I’ll take a loss and cover the extra costs. I’ll only need the first ten herbs. How does that sound?” Dustin put on a reluctant front.
“10 herbs won’t do, either!” Zion maintained his grim expression.
“Then how many will you agree to?” Dustin sought a compromise.
“One.” Zion raised one finger.
“I can only give you one!”
“One herb?” Dustin frowned.
“Mr. Swanson, is this some kind of joke? I don’t think negotiation works like this.”
“Your Dew Balm formula is only worth one top-grade precious herb. That’s all I can offer.” Zion was getting impatient.
If Dustin had merely asked for money, he could have managed the situation. However, Dustin was throwing out exorbitant demands and treating him like a fool.
“Since you’re not cooperating, let’s forget about today. I’m sure there will be someone else who would be interested.” Dustin didn’t waste his breath and prepared to leave.
“Stand right there!” Zion slammed his hand on the table.
He shouted, “Did I say you could leave?” “What’s the matter? Do you want me to stay for tea?” Dustin asked as he turned back.
“Fuck your tea!” Zion exploded into a rage and hurled a teacup to the ground with a loud crash. The next thing Dustin knew, chaos erupted. The patrons, who were pretending to enjoy their tea, suddenly pulled out weapons from under their tables.
In no time, Dustin found himself surrounded by 50 to 60 men. Even the hallway was blocked by bodies.
“You brat! You think you can just come and go as you please? What do you take me for?” Zion suddenly stood up, not bothering to keep up with the pretense.
He threatened, “You’re now left with two options. Either you willingly hand over the Dew Balm formula, or I’ll beat you until you’re forced to give it up!”
“Mr. Swanson, is it worth destroying our relationship over a failed business negotiation? Are you really going to resort to thievery now?” Dustin looked around, maintaining a calm demeanor.
“I’m done with your nonsense! If you don’t hand over the formula, you won’t be leaving this place!” Zion yelled.
“Is that so? Well, let’s just see how capable the Swansons are.” Dustin sneered.
“Mr. Swanson, this guy is really good at fighting. Be careful,” Ziggy cautioned. “So what if he can fight? I’ve got almost 60 men here. Just what is he going to do to us?”
Zion glared at him, “What the hell are you all waiting for? Get him!”
“Hold it right there!” Just as the Swansons’ men were about to attack, someone suddenly shouted in the hallway.
Following the voice, a strikingly beautiful and tall woman forcefully pushed her way through the crowd. Two burly bodyguards were with her, kicking aside anyone who blocked her path.
“Who the hell dares-“Zion slammed his hand on the table and was about to rip into the newcomer when he saw who it was..
Startled, he quickly smiled and “Oh approached her eagerly. my, it Ms. Welch? What brings you here today?” isn’t Without a word, the woman slapped Zion across the face. She yelled, “You bastard! How dare you touch my friend? Are you tired of living?
“Huh?” Zion was bewildered. He was at a loss as he clutched his throbbing face.
“F-Friend?”
“Hey, miracle doctor, we meet again.” After dealing with Zion, the woman turned her attention to Dustin and smiled cutely.
“It’s you?” Dustin recognized her instantly. It was none other than Eleanor Welch, the Welch family’s heiress he had rescued the day before.
###Chapter 1333 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1333
“Miracle doctor, are you surprised?” Eleanor asked with a smile.
“I saw you on the streets and thought you looked familiar. I can’t believe it’s really you. We parted ways in a rush the last time. I didn’t even get to thank you. I’ll have to treat you to a meal this time.
“It’s nothing, Ms. Welch. I just did what anyone should do.” Dustin nodded slightly. “Ms. Welch, you … know this guy?” Zion asked cautiously.
Eleanor slapped Zion across the face once more. She yelled at him, “Of course! This miracle doctor is my savior! How dare you touch him? Do you think I won’t kill you?”
“Your savior?” Zion was so shocked that his legs almost gave way. He had thought Dustin was only an ordinary citizen who could fight and had some medical skills. He didn’t expect him to have the backing of the Welch family’s heiress. He had made an unwise move.
“What are you still standing there for? Hurry up and apologize to him before I make your life miserable!” Eleanor glared at him.
Zion took it a step further. With a dull thud, he got down on his knees and knelt before Dustin. He smiled apologetically. “I-I’m sorry, Mr. Rhys. I didn’t know better. I hope you’ll forgive me.”
“Alright, that’s enough. Just leave with your men!” Eleanor was extremely upset.
“Right away, we’ll be leaving right away.” Zion was humbled and escaped the place immediately.
“Wait!” When Zion got to the stairs, Eleanor yelled for him. “When you get back, remember to tell that bastard Swanson that I’ll make him regret it one day!”
Zion forced a smile and nodded before leaving the place for good. Even though both families were wealthy, the Welchs were much more powerful than the Swansons. Even Ezra Swanson would show deference when faced with this willful young woman. What more a butler like him?
“You aren’t hurt, are you, miracle doctor?” Eleanor turned her attention back to Dustin and flashed a wide smile.
“I’m fine. Thankfully, you came right on time.” Dustin chuckled.
“I guess we were fated to meet. Let’s go, I’ll treat you to a meal!” Eleanor was about to drag Dustin down the stairs when Dustin suddenly spoke.
“Ms. Welch, instead of a meal, I have something I need your help with.”
“Oh? What is it?” Eleanor was curious. “I heard your family is in possession of a Dragon Panax. I wonder if that is true? Dustin asked.
“I think so.” Eleanor nodded thoughtfully.
“To tell you the truth, I need the Dragon Panax to save a life. If possible, I’d like to purchase it for a high price.” Dustin went straight to the point.
He had been thinking of ways to get the Welch family’s Dragon Panax. He didn’t expect an opportunity to present itself this fast.
“Come on, isn’t it just a medicinal herb? Why would you need to pay for it? I’ll just give it to you as a gift!” Eleanor said without restraint.
“Ms. Welch, Dragon Panax is extremely valuable. I can’t just take it for free. I should greedy. pay for it.” Dustin wasn’t “Look, you saved my life, and I’m giving you a herb in exchange. What’s the big deal? Let’s go. Come home with me. I’ll give it to you right away!” Eleanor insisted and dragged Dustin into the car.
Seeing her enthusiasm, Dustin didn’t want to refuse her. After about half an hour, their car stopped in front of her house. After they got off, Dustin followed Eleanor into the Welch family mansion.
The Welch family’s mansion was massive and luxurious. Built in an affluent neighborhood in Oakvale, the mansion resembled a grand palace. Those unfamiliar with the place would easily get lost.
Dustin had just entered the garden when he saw a plump middle-aged man carefully instructing a group of maids in tending to the flowers and plants.
“Mr. Yaxley, come here for a while.”
Eleanor waved at the man to get his attention.
###Chapter 1334 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1334
“Ms. Welch, what can I do for you?” Mr. Yaxley approached her eagerly with a big smile on his face. “Let me ask you, is it true that we have a Dragon Panax?”
“Indeed we do. It’s in the vault,” Mr. Yaxley replied honestly. “Great, bring it to me now,” Eleanor instructed.
“Ms. Welch, what are you going to do with it?” Mr. Yaxley tried to ask.
“Why do you care? I have my reasons!” Eleanor replied impatiently. “Ms. Welch, I must confess that this item is a part of Mr. Welch Senior’s precious collection. I’m afraid I cannot simply hand it over without his permission,” Mr. Yaxley explained with his head lowered.
“Just bring it to me for now. I’ll talk toGrandpa about it later,” Eleanor insisted.
“This… doesn’t seem right.” Mr. Yaxley was put in a difficult spot.
“Hey! You won’t even listen to me now? Eleanor glared at him. “I told you to bring it to me! Why so much nonsense? Go!” As she spoke, she gave his backside a swift kick.
“Please, hold on, Ms. Welch.” Mr. Yaxley was left with little choice but to make an exit. “Miracle doctor, please have a seat and enjoy some tea. Your item will be here soon,” Eleanor said with a smile.
She then guided Dustin to a seat under a pavilion, where they started having some snacks. Around ten minutes later, Mr. Yaxley returned. However, this time, he was accompanied by a woman in her early thirties.
The woman wore a tight red dress, accentuating her stunning facial features and voluptuous figure. And her flowing dark hair that was tied behind her back added to her graceful look.
With every light step that she took, her fair, slender legs peaked through the slit of her dress. She was the embodiment of a timeless elegance.
“Eleanor,” an unfeeling voice passed through her lips. Eleanor, who was enjoying her snacks, trembled. She turned around stiffly, her face tinged with guilt.
“Mom… what brings you here?”
“If I hadn’t come, you would have turned our house upside down,” Joanne Swanson said impassively.
“What do you mean? Haven’t I always been a good girl?” Eleanor forced a laugh. There was nothing in the world that Eleanor was afraid of except her mother.
Her mother never raised her voice against her. However, for some reason, she felt inexplicably nervous whenever she saw her. “Joaquin told me earlier that you needed the Dragon Panax. What are you going to do with it?” Joanne asked.
“N-Nothing.” Eleanor glared at Mr. Yaxley. She then smiled awkwardly. “My friend needs the Dragon Panax to save a life, so I wanted to help him.”
As she spoke, she pointed at Dustin. ” This miracle doctor is the friend I’m talking about. He was the one who pulled me back from the brink of death the last time I nearly drowned.”
“Is that so?” Joanne shifted her focus to Dustin. While she appeared indifferent, her gaze carried a subtle hint of contempt. It was a look tinged with an air of superiority.
“Hello, Mrs. Welch. My name is Dustin. “Dustin greeted her humbly. “You were the one who needed the Dragon Panax?” Joanne’s tone was calm.
“Yes.” Dustin nodded.
“I’m very grateful that you saved my daughter.”
Joanne then glanced at Mr. Yaxley and said, “Joaquin, bring the item over.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Mr. Yaxley responded before leaving once more. “Thanks, Mom!” Eleanor beamed, thinking the matter was resolved. However, when Mr. Yaxley returned with the item, Eleanor’s smile froze, and even Dustin couldn’t help but frown.
###Chapter 1335 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1335
What Mr. Yaxley had brought was a box of gold bars. They sparkled brightly under the sunlight, creating a visual impact more stunning than money ever could.
“Dustin, here’s a token of appreciation from the Welch family. Take it as your payment for saving Eleanor,” Joanne said calmly as she glanced at the gold bars.
“What is the meaning of this, Mom?” Eleanor pouted in displeasure. “The Welch family never owes favors. Since Dustin saved you, it only makes sense that I reward him handsomely,” Joanne said matter-of-factly.
“Mrs. Welch, I did not save Eleanor for money.” Dustin shook his head.
“What? Is this too little for you?”
Without saying anything else, Joanne gestured to Mr. Yaxley, “Joaquin, bring out another box.”
“Yes, Ma’am.” Mr. Yaxley promptly turned to leave.
“Mom!” Eleanor couldn’t keep it in any longer. “Not everything is about money! What the miracle doctor needs is the Dragon Panax! He needs it to save lives, not some useless gold bars!”
“The Dragon Panax?” Joanne repeated impassively. “You do realize it’s your grandfather’s precious collection, right? Don’t you know that it’s a priceless treasure?”
“What priceless treasure? Isn’t it just a herb?”
Eleanor challenged indignantly, Besides, he saved my life! Is my life not worth as much as the lousy Dragon Panax to you?”
“Of course your life is worth more than that. But his contribution doesn’t justify getting the Dragon Panax.”
Joanne continued breezily, “Doctors only save lives for money. So it’s only fair that we pay him for saving your life. But that’s all that we’re going to give.
“We can’t give him our valuable possession just because he saved you. Business is business. We can’t bring emotions into it. Do you understand?”
“Mom! How … How could you be so heartless?” Eleanor felt angry.She could not believe that her mother treated her life as business!
“Mrs. Welch is right,” Dustin said. “But right now, I’m in desperate need of the Dragon Panax. I really hope that you can give it to me.
“But, of course, I won’t be taking it at no cost. I can buy it from you or even trade it for other items. Please consider it, Mrs. Welch.”
“You’re smart.” Joanne nodded before she continued, “You may have the Dragon Panax. But only if you exchange it for something of equal value.”
“What do you have in mind, Mrs. Welch?” Dustin asked. “I heard that you can make an ointment called Dew Balm and that it works miraculously to heal festering wounds in an incredibly short time. Is that true?” Joanne asked.
Ever since her daughter had gotten into the accident, she had looked into everyone and everything that had to do with it. And that included Dustin.
Finding out about Dew Balm had been an unexpected surprise. As a businesswoman, she was very much interested in it.
“I never expected you to know about it, Mrs. Welch.”
Dustin raised his brow in astonishment. Then, he quickly nodded. “It’s true, I do know how to produce Dew Balm. However, it has adverse side effects, so it cannot be produced in bulk.”
“You’re a doctor, and you have pharmaceutical knowledge. It shouldn’t be hard for you to make some slight changes to it to reduce the side effects, am I right?” Joanne looked at him thoughtfully.
“If we were to reduce the side effects, its effects would also be greatly affected,” Dustin said truthfully. He wouldn’t have told someone like Zion this much. But this woman standing before him wasn’t one to be messed with.
She knew what she wanted, and her gaze was sharp. She was a shrewd and calculative woman, so it wouldn’t be easy to deceive her. Most importantly, she had something he needed, so he had no choice but to be honest.
“How much of its effects can be retained if we reduce the side effects?” Joanne asked again.
“About 30%,” Dustin answered honestly. “30%? That’ll do.” Joanne nodded. ” I’m very interested in Dew Balm. If you give me the formula after tweaking it, you can have the Dragon Panax. How’s that?”
“It’s an heirloom formula, Mrs. Welch. I can’t sell it.” Dustin shook his head. “Everything has its value. Besides, you’re not selling it. You’re just trading it for something else.
“You need the precious Dragon Panax to save lives. I believe your forefathers would not fault you for it.” Joanne looked at him casually.
“Well…” Dustin tried to make it seem like he was in a dilemma. After a few seconds of hesitation, he acted as if he had made a decision.
“Mrs. Welch, I can give you the formula for Dew Balm. However, just the Dragon Panax alone is not enough. I’ll only give you the formula if you agree to give me two other herbs.”
“Oh? What else do you need?” Joanne narrowed her eyes at him.
###Chapter 1336 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1336 
“The Iceheart Lotus and the Emerald Corolla,” Dustin listed the herbs he needed. The Welch family was a notch above the Swanson family in terms of power and influence. As long as they put some effort into it, they should be able to get their hands on those herbs.
“Young man, you’ve got quite the appetite for good things, haven’t you? The herbs you mentioned are precious herbs that are extremely valuable! Aren’t you a bit greedy to be asking for three precious herbs in return for a formula?”
Joanne’s brow knitted together in displeasure.
“I can’t say the same for other formulas, Mrs. Welch. But the formula for Dew Balm is definitely worth as much. The profit it can bring the Welch family certainly exceeds the value of those herbs,” Dustin guaranteed.
“Is that so?” Joanne’s gaze on Dustin was sharp as she tried to read his expression. However, there wasn’t a hint of guilt in his eyes. He simply looked back at her boldly. And that was enough to tell Joanne that he wasn’t lying.
“Alright, I’ll trust you just this once.” After a moment of thought, Joanne finally nodded. “Give me the formula for Dew Balm, and you can leave with the Dragon Panax.
“As for the other two herbs, I’ll need some time. After I manage to get them, I’ll have someone send them to you. How’s that?”
“Deal!” Dustin agreed readily. “Joaquin, bring the Dragon Panax. Also, get someone to bring us paper and pen,” Joanne instructed.
“Yes, Ma’am.” Mr. Yaxley nodded before he quickly left. A while later, he returned with a mother -of-pearl box. He carefully made his way over to them and set the box on a table in the gazebo. Then, he pulled out a paper and a pen, setting them beside the box.
Dustin walked up and opened the box to see a crimson Panax root. It was about the length of a palm, with a thick head and a slightly rounded waist. The skin was thin and slightly wrinkly, and its fine hairy roots were evenly spread out.
When he inhaled, Dustin could smell the faint fragrance that it gave off.
“A precious treasure indeed!” Dustin’s eyes lit up. He could clearly sense the rich spiritual energy within the Dragon Panax.
“Here’s the Dragon Panax. You may write the formula now,” Joanne reminded. Dustin nodded. Without further words, he began scribbling down the improvised formula for Dew Balm.
Though its effects were greatly compromised, it still worked miraculously to heal wounds. In fact, its effects still far exceeded that of the Golden Salve produced at Harmony Healers. Once it was introduced to the market, it would bring immense profit to the Welch family.
“Here’s the formula, Mrs. Welch. Please have a look.” Dustin gave her the paper with the formula written on it. “Hmm… Not bad.” After perusing the formula, Joanne nodded happily. She was satisfied with what she saw.
From what she could tell, there wasn’t anything wrong with it. Of course, she also had the confidence that Dustin wouldn’t dare to deceive the Welch family.
“Mrs. Welch, I have an urgent need for the other two herbs. Please try your best to search for them,” Dustin requested.
“Sure. I’ll inform you as soon as I have any information about them,” Joanne agreed casually.
“Thank you, Mrs. Welch.” Dustin heaved a sigh of relief. With help from the Welch family, he was certain they’d be able to find the Iceheart Lotus and the Emerald Corolla in no time.
“Alright, now that we have a deal, all’s well that ends well. Let’s go, Dustin!”
Eleanor had no wish to stay any longer. After bidding her mother farewell, she dragged Dustin along with her and left. She was not the least pleased with her mother’s actions..
“Ma’am, the Iceheart Lotus and the Emerald Corolla aren’t ordinary items.. Should I contact the Swanson family to use their connections?” Mr. Yaxley asked hesitantly.
“There’s no need for such hassle. I have no intention to give them to him anyway,” Joanne said lightly.
“What?” Mr. Yaxley was caught off guard, not quite getting what she meant.
Did she mean that… she was going to go back on her word?
“Who is he to demand such an exorbitant price from me?” Her gaze frosted over. Joanne continued in a calm tone, ” Joaquin, hire some trained men to get the Dragon Panax back from Dustin. It’s such a precious treasure. I can’t let an outsider have it.”
“Very… Very well.” Mr. Yaxley paled. This wasn’t as easy as going back on her word anymore. She was outright taking advantage of Dustin in his timeof need.
As expected, nothing good ever came of taking things from the Welch family.
###Chapter 1337 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1337 
“I’m sorry, Dustin,” Eleanor remorsefully said when they reached the gates. “The Dragon Panax should have been a gift. I didn’t expect my mother to pull something like that and ruin my plan.”
“There is no need to apologize, Ms. Welch. Without your help, I would never have obtained the Dragon Panax, nor would I have been able to strike a deal with your mother.
“This is the best outcome I could have asked for.” Dustin chuckled. It was not a loss for him since he got the three precious herbs in exchange for a mere formula.
“You’re alright with this?” Eleanor perked up.
“Of course.” Dustin nodded, smiling.
“Hehe! I really like you, Dustin. You’re a friend I’d like to keep!”
Eleanor smiled, showing off her dimples. “You haven’t had lunch yet,, have you? Come on, I know a restaurant that serves really good food. Let’s go!”
With that, she dragged Dustin into her car. Just then, her phone started to ring. As she answered the call, a deep voice was heard saying, “Ms. Welch, we’ve got results from the investigation.
“Mr. Swanson had indeed gone to a hotel with a female celebrity a few days ago. Based on the surveillance footage, they were behaving very intimately. We believe that they’re in a relationship.”
“That bastard!” Eleanor nearly threw her phone to the ground out of anger. Her face was contorted with anger.
“That son-of-a-bitch promised that he would turn over a new leaf. But in the end, he still went back to that vixen.
“Does he think that I don’t exist? I swear I’m going to castrate him this time!” Suddenly, she took out a dagger from its sheath. The sharp blade gleamed under the light.
“Tell me, where is that bastard?” Eleanor roared into her phone. She was no longer the sweet lady she was just moments ago. Now, she looked more like a ferocious tigress.
“Ms. Welch, Mr. Swanson is hanging out with his friends at the Imperial Oasis Club,” the person on the phone answered.
“Mr. Ramon! Drop us off at the Imperial Oasis Club now!” Eleanor ordered the moment she ended the call. Without another word, Mr. Ramon, her driver, stepped on the gas pedal and headed straight to their destination.
Eleanor gripped the dagger tightly, and her body shook from rage. Gradually, the anger was replaced by sorrow. Eleanor’s eyes went red as tears welled up.
“Ms. Welch, what’s wrong?” Dustin asked. Eleanor turned to wipe away the tears and collect herself. When she finally spoke, there was a slight tremble in her voice.
“My parents tried to set me up with Ezra Swanson two years ago. I was against it initially, but Ezra was persistent.
“With his constant pursuit, sweet talk, gifts, and surprises that he showered me with, I eventually gave in, and we became a couple.
“But some time ago, I discovered he was a scumbag who often messed around with other women. In a fit of fury, I broke up with him.
“I intended to give him another chance if he admitted his mistakes and changed his ways.
“But that asshole is a cheater who will never change his ways! He promised me he’d never do it again. But the next thing I hear is him going to a hotel with a vixen!
“I just don’t get it! Why must he treat me this way? Am I not good enough for him?”
Toward the end, Eleanor was already choking up on her words. She had only ever treated Ezra sincerely but was betrayed in return.
“You’re not the one at fault, Ms. Welch. He’s the one who can’t appreciate a gem like you.
“The best thing you can do for yourself with a man like that is to let him go as soon as possible,” Dustin consoled her.
###Chapter 1338 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1338
Ezra was a typical player who would never change his ways. Eleanor should consider herself lucky for discovering his true colors before they got married. Otherwise, it would have been too late.
“Of course, I know that I should let go. But not without making him pay first!” Eleanor gritted her teeth, full of resentment.
“How dare he treat me like this? I’m not letting him off easily! “I’ll make him regret messing with me! I’ll make him understand that losing me is the biggest loss of his god- damned life!”
“What do you have in mind?” Dustin questioned.
“Since he’s cheating on me with other women, I’ll get myself a man. I’ll humiliate and piss him off!” Eleanor sniffled.
All of a sudden, her gaze landed on Dustin. “You’ll be my boyfriend from now on, Dustin. I’ll show him that he isn’t the only one who can mess around!”
“What?” Dustin was startled. “Are you kidding, Ms. Welch? We barely know each other.”
“So what? Do you think I’m not good enough for you?” Eleanor huffed.
“I’m engaged, Ms. Welch.” Dustin didn’t know how else he could react. Of course, he knew very well that Eleanor had only suggested that to take revenge on Ezra.
“So what if you’re engaged? You’re not married yet, aren’t you?”
Eleanor grabbed Dustin’s hand stubbornly. “I don’t care! You must agree to it! “At the very least, you just have to put up an act today so that I can get on Ezra’s nerves!”
“Sure, I can help you. But to be clear, this is just an act. Don’t take it seriously.” Dustin felt an incoming headache from what was about to happen.
“No problem!” Eleanor beamed brightly at him. She couldn’t wait to see Ezra irritated. At the same time, a group of young men and women were chatting and drinking in a VIP room of the Imperial Oasis Club.
Sitting at the center of them all was none other than Ezra Swanson, scion of the Swanson family. Ezra had a tall and slender figure with a handsome face. He was meticulously dressed, and his hair was immaculate.. Just by his looks, he was certainly a graceful and dashing man.
Beside him sat a curvy and extremely exquisite lady. She was dressed in a red, figure-hugging dress. Her long, shapely legs covered in black stockings were crossed. She looked elegant, alluring, and downright tempting.
“Aren’t you engaged, Ezra? Aren’t you afraid she’d get angry with you for having another lady around you so openly?” a plump man teased.
That man was Sheehan Crock, the eldest son of the Crock family in South City. In terms of influence, he was only second to Ezra in their circle of friends.
“Ugh! I’ve lost interest in that shrew long ago! She isn’t the least bit feminine.
“If it weren’t for the marriage arranged for familial alliance, I wouldn’t even have wasted time on her.” Ezra spat, looking disgusted.
“Hey, Ezra, Eleanor’s known to be a belle in South City. Countless men have their eyes on her. You don’t even realize how fortunate you are!” Sheehan laughed.
“Do you like her? You can have her then! I’m done with her anyway.” Ezra lifted his chin proudly.
“How generous of you, Ezra! I would like to try Ms. Welch out if the opportunity arises.” Sheehan grinned lecherously.
As the two men conversed, the VIP room door was suddenly kicked open with a loud bang.
###Chapter 1339 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1339
When the door was kicked open, everyone was stunned and instinctively looked over. A fashionably dressed and sweet- looking Eleanor stood at the door. She walked in with an air of indifference. Dustin trailed in behind her casually.
“Eleanor?”
“Ms. Welch?”
When they saw who it was, everyone’s expression changed. Especially Ezra, who immediately withdrew his hand from the lady’s waist as if he was electrocuted.
Then, he stood up and forced a smile.
“Eleanor, why are you here?”
“What, you can be here, and I can’t?” Eleanor glanced at the lady before fixing her gaze on Ezra. Though she had mentally prepared herself, it still angered her to see the cheating couple behave so intimately.
“Sure you can! But why didn’t you me beforehand? I could have made arrangements for you,” Ezra said with a smile. tell “No need. I’m just here to have a look.”
As Eleanor spoke, her gaze trailed over to the lady on the couch, who looked nervous. Eleanor asked casually, “Who’s this beside you? I don’t think I’ve seen her before.”
“Oh, her? She’s Sheehan’s new girlfriend.”
Ezra winked at Sheehan, attempting to signal at him to cover up for him. It took Sheehan a moment to grasp what Ezra was signaling. Then, he chuckled and tried to smooth things over.
“Yes, Eleanor. Here, let me make introductions. This is Suzy Summers, my girlfriend. She’s a celebrity.”
“Hello, Eleanor.” Suzy quickly stood up and forced a smile. Ms. Welch was known to have a fiery temper. Suzy knew that nothing good. would ever come from crossing someone like her.
“Why would Sheehan’s girlfriend be sitting beside you?” Eleanor asked.
“Oh! I’m a fan of Ms. Summers’, so I was asking her about her movies. We were just chatting when you came in,” Ezra explained with a smile.
Then, his expression turned grave. Eleanor, you’re not suspecting me of cheating on you, are you?
“I swear to god I’ve turned over a new leaf! I’d never do anything to wrong you! I swear!”
“What you do has got nothing to do with me. I’m just here to join in on the fun.”
Eleanor took a seat on the couch, stony -faced. The others who sat beside her quickly scooted away. Anyone could tell that Ms. Welch was in a foul mood.
“Eleanor…” Ezra approached her shamelessly and sat beside her. “What’s wrong? Are you in a bad mood today? Do you need me to go shopping with you?”
“Stay away from me!” Eleanor glared at him, scaring Ezra that he dared not sit too close to her.
“Hmph! Even if I need someone to accompany me while I shop, it wouldn’t be you.” Eleanor looked toward Dustin as she spoke, smiling sweetly.
Then, she patted the empty seat beside her. “Here, Dustin. You may sit here.”
Dustin had no choice but to do as he was told. To his right was Ezra, and to his left was Eleanor. The three sat in a row, one next to the other.
“Eleanor, who’s this?” Ezra eyed Dustin up and down. He had initially thought that Dustin was Eleanor’s bodyguard, so he didnt pay attention to him. But now, it seemed to him that something was going on between them.
“Oh, this is Dustin, my best friend,” Eleanor introduced with a smile.
“Best friend?” Ezra’s face darkened when he heard that.
Best friend? More like friends with benefits! In this day and age, there was no pure friendship between a man and a woman!
###Chapter 1340 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1340
The most infuriating thing was that Eleanor showed up in front of Ezra and her friend with benefits! That was a blatant provocation!
“Eleanor, why have I never met this best friend of yours?” Ezra took a deep breath to suppress his anger.
“Do I need your permission to have friends now?” Eleanor asked flatly.”Besides, you have some girl friends whom I’ve never met before, too.”
“I” Ezra wanted to retort but found nothing he could say. He knew what this was about now. This woman was intentionally pissing him off to get back at him.
“What a rare occasion that we’re all gathered here today, Eleanor. Here, have a drink.”
Seeing that things were starting to look ugly, Sheehan forced a smile and tried to diffuse the situation.
“I don’t drink.” Eleanor refused frostily. “Oh, that’s alright. You can just have some fruit juice, then. Anything that suits your taste.”
Sheehan chuckled deferentially before turning to give a waiter some orders. A while later, the waiter returned with all sorts of juices.
“Here, Dustin. Have some juice.” Eleanor picked up a glass of fruit juice and fed it to Dustin. She appeared very attentive and gentle, personally feeding him the juice.
Their display of affection made Ezra’s hackles rise. He gritted his teeth in annoyance. He could mess around with other women, but that didn’t mean he didn’t mind being cheated on.
No matter what, Eleanor was his fiancée. It was a slap to his face for her to act all lovey-dovey with another man in front of him.
“Asshole! How dare you mess with my woman? You’re playing with fire!” Ezra thought as he fumed inwardly.
He glared at Dustin fiercely. If looks could kill, Dustin would have been dead by now.But with Eleanor there, he could only force himself to stay calm.
“Just drinking is boring.” Ezra suddenly thought of something. “Hey, Sheehan, haven’t you learned some occult techniques from Sir Crane?
“I heard that it’s amazing. Why don’t you show us what you’ve learned? You can liven things up a little.”
Sheehan had spent a huge sum to learn some strange and mysterious tricks from an occult expert so that he could use them to pick up girls. There were tricks like hypnosis, controlling another person’s actions, and dark spells.
Whenever Sheehan went to bars and met prude girls who refused to go with him, he would use those tricks on them. They would always leave with him and comply with his every command. Now, Ezra planned to use Sheehan’s tricks to make a fool of Dustin.
“Ezra, those are just silly tricks. They’re nothing worth showing off,” Sheehan said with a chuckle.
“Oh, don’t worry. Just take it as a magic show. Let us see what wonders you can perform.” Ezra winked discreetly at Sheehan.
“Yes, Crock, come on. We’d all like to see,” the others echoed. “Alright then. Since everyone’s so interested, I shall do what I can.” Sheehan quickly understood what Ezra had in mind.
He chuckled. “But I need someone to give me a hand in my performance for it to be interesting. Is anyone willing to join me?”
“Dustin here should be just the person you need.”
Ezra looked at Dustin and said with terribly disguised malice, “Let’s give our new friend here a chance to get to know everyone. How’s that?”
“You need someone to assist you? I can do it,” Eleanor offered. “Eleanor, I can’t use my occult techniques on ladies.” Sheehan shook his head.
“Dustin, you’re a man, aren’t you? You can’t be such a wimp, can you?” Ezra taunted. “Don’t worry, Dustin. I promise you won’t be in any kind of danger.” Sheehan smiled slightly.
“Yes, come on, be a good sport. We’re all interested to see what Sheehan can do. Don’t be a party pooper,” several others clamored. They all looked at Dustin with ill will. They knew very well that Ezra and Sheehan were up to no good.
“Alright then, since everyone’s in such high spirits, I’ll be a good sport and join you in some fun.” Dustin smiled and downed his glass of juice.
A decade had passed, and it seemed like these rich and spoiled kids in Oakvale had forgotten the terror that Logan Rhys had brought them.
###Chapter 1341 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1341
“Dustin, they’re planning something. You can just ignore them,” Eleanor swiftly advised Dustin against it. She had volunteered herself because she was sure Sheehan wouldn’t dare try anything dirty with her.
But if it was Dustin, she couldn’t be sure that they wouldn’t make a fool out of him.
“Don’t worry. I know what I’m doing.” Dustin smiled at Eleanor before looking at Sheehan. “How should I assist Mr. Crock?” you,
“It’s easy. I need a drop of your blood and a few strands of your hair. After that, just wait for my cue.” Sheehan grinned.
“Sure.” Dustin nodded and pulled out a silver needle to prick his index finger. Then, he squeezed a drop of his blood into an empty glass. Next, he plucked a few strands of hair and dropped them into the cup.
“Will this do?” he asked.
“Yes, this will do.” Sheehan grinned impishly and gave Ezra a look. Ezra nodded with a smile and relaxed on the couch, looking like he was ready to enjoy a show. He knew very well what Sheehan was capable of.
He knew that as long as Sheehan gained control over a person, his victim was basically at his mercy. He couldn’t wait to see the sorry state Dustin would end up in.
“Hang on, ladies and gentlemen. This is a secret occult technique that I can’t show you.”
As Sheehan spoke, he took the glass that contained Dustin’s blood and hair and promptly entered the washroom in the VIP room.
“Hmph! He’s just pretending to be all mysterious!” Eleanor pursed her lips in disdain. She never believed in all these hocus pocus and thought Sheehan was just pulling tricks to deceive them.
Five minutes later, Sheehan came out of the washroom with a piece of yellow paper. It was a talisman. There were weird symbols drawn on the talisman, and at a glance, it looked like it was the real deal.
“Please close your eyes and relax, Dustin,” Sheehan said as he approached him. “Okay,” Dustin answered. He slowly closed his eyes and loosened up.
Eleanor frowned and wanted to say something, But in the end, she chose to keep quiet and see how things went. She was curious to see what the bunch was up to.
“Hear ye!”
Sheehan held the talisman in one hand and chanted some incantations before sticking it on Dustin’s chest with a strike of his other palm.
The next second, Dustin seemed to lose strength, and his head drooped. He looked like he’d fallen into an unconscious state.
At the sight of that, Sheehan grinned viciously. He said, “From now on, you shall obey my every command. Now, stand up.”
Dustin slowly stood up with his eyes still closed.
“Spin twice,” Sheehan ordered again.
Dustin did as he was told and spun twice.
“Good.” Sheehan nodded with a smile. Then, he picked up a glass of wine on the table and passed it to Dustin.” Finish it up.”
Dustin took the glass and downed the whole glass without hesitation. Everyone was amazed by what they saw.”Damn it! What’s going on? How did Crock get this bastard to obey his every command?”
“Could this be the occult techniques that he’d learned? This is amazing!” “All he needs is a talisman, and he can control a person’s actions! I’m impressed!”
The group of young men and women whispered among themselves, not hiding their surprise, They knew Sheehan was out to make a fool of Dustin, but they never expected him to do so in such a peculiar way.
“Sheehan! What have you done? Wake Dustin up immediately!” Eleanor shouted.
She had initially been doubtful of Sheehan’s skills. But when she saw how Dustin was being controlled, she instantly knew something was wrong.
“Be patient, Eleanor. He’ll wake up when I’m done with my spell.” Sheehan smiled. “No! I want him out of this trance right now!” Eleanor demanded as she reached out to rouse Dustin.
“Hang on!” Sheehan exclaimed. He warned Eleanor gravely, “Eleanor, once the spell has been cast, it must be ended properly.
“If you forcibly wake him up now, he might lose his mind!”
“What?” Eleanor was startled and withdrew her hand in a flash.
###Chapter 1342 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1342 
“Don’t worry, Eleanor, we’re just having fun. We won’t do anything to him,” Ezra soothed.
“Hmph! You’d better not!” Eleanor frowned but held herself back She was just worried that she might hurt Dustin if she acted rashly.
“Hey Crock, is he truly under your control now?” one of the ladies asked.
“Of course!” Sheehan grinned arrogantly. “He’s nothing more than a walking corpse now. He doesn’t feel pain and won’t have any memories of what’s happening.
“He will do whatever I ask without questioning and never remember doing it after this.”
“Really? Well, can you get him to hit himself, then?” the lady asked eagerly.
“Sure.”
Sheehan smirked as he turned to Dustin and ordered, “Now, slap yourself across the face with your hand.
“Sheehan! You-” Eleanor was just about to stop them, but Dustin had already lifted his hand. Then, under the astonished looks of everyone present, he slapped Sheehan. The slap sent Sheehan staggering backward. He felt the world spinning, and blood began trickling out his nose.
“What?” Everyone gaped at the unexpected turn of events. Didn’t Sheehan order him to slap himself? Why did he end up slapping Sheehan instead?
Sheehan was dumbfounded. He cupped his burning cheek, disbelief clear on his face. He began to wonder if he had given Dustin the wrong command or if Dustin had misheard him.
“Hey! Listen up! I said, slap yourself!” Due to the embarrassment, Sheehan raised his voice and commanded again. With a loud smack, another slap was delivered to Sheehan’s face. Several teeth were smacked out of his mouth.
While he was chubby, his swollen cheek was even more rounder. The clear outline of a palm was visible on his cheek.
Eleanor and Ezra were stunned. The others around them were no better. None of them knew what was going on. Didn’t Sheehan claim that Dustin would obey his every command? Why was he acting out of turn now?
“God damn it! Are you fucking deaf?”
Sheehan wiped the blood away and roared frustratedly, “I fucking asked you to slap yourself, not me, you twat!”
Smack! Without another moment to lose, Dustin gave him another hard slap. Dustin slapped him so hard that Sheehan spun around twice before falling and planting his face into the ground.
“Are you purposely going against me, dipshit? I’ll teach you a fucking lesson!”
After Sheehan got back to his feet, he grabbed a wine bottle off the table and was about to bring it down on Dustin’s head.
But before he could do so, Dustin gave him another slap. Sheehan saw stars.
“You fucking-”
Slap!
“Son of a-”
Slap!
“I’ll fucking-”
Slap!
Sheehan received a slap on his face with every word that he said. In the end, his face was swollen and bruised. It was quite an unpleasant sight.
He had no choice but to cower on the ground, protecting his head with his hands. He groaned and begged for mercy, ” Stop! Stop! I was wrong! Please stop!”
Dustin didn’t seem to hear him. With his eyes still closed, he continued throwing kicks and punches at Sheehan. It was as though he was possessed.
“Quick! Stop him!” Seeing that things were getting out of hand, Ezra swiftly ordered some of the men to stop Dustin.
But they had barely reached Dustin when they were all sent flying by Dustin’s slaps. Those who tried to stop him ended up sprawled out on the ground.
The place was in utter chaos.
###Chapter 1343 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1343
“Damn it! What’s going on? Has he gone mad?”
Ezra’s brows were tightly knit as he looked at Dustin, who looked like he had been possessed. But Ezra dared not go near him because he was afraid he’d be slapped too. Ezra quickly shouted, “Sheehan! The guy’s gone mad! Quick! Break the spell!
“Ter-ter-terminate!”
Sheehan promptly tore the talisman off Dustin’s chest as he endured the immense pain he was in. The next moment, Dustin shuddered and stopped moving.
Everyone let out a long sigh of relief. It was finally over. Damn it! The bastard truly had the strength of a bull once he lost control. No ordinary man could hold him back!
“What happened?” After taking several deep breaths, Dustin slowly opened his eyes. With a look of confusion on his face, he asked, “What just happened?”
He looked around him, looking bewildered. “Hey… What happened to all your faces?”
The few young men who had been slapped gritted their teeth in annoyance. Though they were fuming inwardly, they couldn’t say anything. They could only act as though nothing had happened.
“Hey! Mr. Crock! Why are you so badly hurt?” Dustin was shocked when he looked down and saw Sheehan’s busted -up face. He immediately went forward to help him up. He even asked caringly, “Who beat you up?
“The person really didn’t hold back, did he? Look what he did to your charming face! This is terrible!”
Sheehan’s lips twitched, and his tears began falling uncontrollably. He actually cried from being beaten up! Damn it! It was too irritating!
Had anyone slapped him under normal circumstances, he’d have lost his temper. But this time, he had been the one who had used an occult spell on Dustin and even lost control over him.
That was the reason they had ended up in such a sorry state. To put it simply, he had been the one who brought this upon them. He had no one else but himself to blame.
“Why are you crying, Mr. Crock? Here,let me wipe your tears away.”
Dustin pulled a couple pieces of tissues and was about to wipe Sheehan’s tears away. “Get lost! Stay away from me!”
Sheehan swiftly backed away from Dustin, covering his face like a scared child. He had been traumatized by the series of slaps he’d received.
“What’s wrong?” Dustin pretended to be baffled. “Why are you all looking at me like that? What exactly happened?”
Eleanor coughed awkwardly with a weird expression. “Dustin, Sheehan controlled you by using one of his occult spells.
“But he ended up losing control over you. Somehow, you seemed to have gone berserk and started beating him up.”
“What? Lost control? I went berserk?” Dustin was momentarily stunned as he feigned surprise.
“No way! So I was the one who caused all these bruises on Mr. Crock’s face?”
“That’s right.” Eleanor nodded. “No wonder … No wonder my hand hurts so much now.” Dustin rubbed his palms together.
Then, he turned to Sheehan and said earnestly, “Mr. Crock, if you haven’t mastered the technique, then you shouldn’t have used it.
“Look what you’ve done now. How could you have lost control over me? “Oh, forget it. Guess we’ll just have to take what happened today as a lesson.” Dustin sighed.
“You fuck-” Sheehan flew into a rage and was about to start shouting at Dustin. But when he opened his mouth, his teeth began to fall out one by one. He was so terrified that he immediately covered his mouth with his hands.
He was afraid that he’d lose what remaining teeth he had left.
###Chapter 1344 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1344
“Alright, that’s it for today.”
Eleanor stood up slowly, glanced at Ezra, and deliberately said, “I’m going to have lunch with Dustin. We’ll get going now. You guys have fun.”
As she said that, she held Dustin’s arm and sashayed out of the VIP room. The people left behind looked at each other, upset. The good mood earlier had been ruined completely.
“Sheehan, how are you feeling? Are you alright?” Ezra checked his injuries and realized that Sheehan was in bad shape. His face had been disfigured. Originally, he was already not good- looking, but now he looked worse.
“Fuck! That bastard was vicious! I’ve never been humiliated this badly!” Sheehan gritted his remaining teeth in anger.
“I just wanted you to play a trick on that guy. Who knew you’d be embarrassing yourself instead?” Ezra shook his head.Sheehan shouldn’t have embarrassed himself by showing off if he wasn’t that skilled.
“That’s weird. The occult spells that I used to control others would always work. I don’t know why it wasn’t working this time.” Sheehan frowned, lost in thoughts.
“Was it possible that that Dustin guy was just acting?” Suzy suddenly piped up.
“Acting?” Everyone turned to look at her when she said that. “I think it’s weird. Even if he lost control, he wouldn’t just hit Mr. Crock only, would he?” Suzy explained.
“That’s possible,” Ezra touched his chin and said thoughtfully. “That guy looked simple, but he’s quite cunning. I don’t think we can deny the possibility of him acting.”
“Are you serious?” Sheehan frowned.
“My occult spells have never failed. Sir Crane said that if they are not practicing the same craft, they wouldn’t be able to resist it.”
“Nothing is absolute. Maybe that guy has something up his sleeves.” Ezra narrowed his eyes. “Sheehan, think about it. Why would a normal person willingly become a lab rat?
“Instead of refusing, he gladly accepted the request. Don’t you think it’s weird?”
“Now that you’ve said it, there’s something fishy about it.” Sheehan began thinking about it seriously. Oakvale was a gathering place for the best of the best from all walks of life. There might be some people with extraordinary talents in the city.
He could run into someone who was practicing the same craft.
“Sheehan, I think we’ve been viciously pranked today. If we don’t get back at him, where would we stand in the eyes of others?” Ezra’s expression became grim.
“Fuck! I swear I’ll get back at him!” Sheehan slammed the table angrily. Due to his big movements, he aggravated his injuries, and it stung painfully.
“Dustin seems to be very important to Ms. Welch. I don’t think it’s an easy task if we want to get back at him,” Suzy said.
“Eleanor is indeed a troublesome person. But we can always do it secretly. Ezra sneered. “He’s just a boy toy. He’s powerless. If we get rid of him quietly, we won’t get into trouble.”
“That’s right! Eleanor can only protect him for now, not forever. I’ll kill him sooner or later,” Sheehan said maliciously.
“Sheehan, to pull the wool over their eyes, it’d be best to get Sir Crane to help us. With his ability, I think he’d be able to get it done easily,” Ezra suggested.
“No problem! I’ll contact him right away. I’ll make sure that guy dies a horrible death within the next three days.” Sheehan’s eyes gleaned evilly.
After all, he was from the Crock family. If he didn’t make an example out of Dustin, his reputation would be down the drain.
“Hmph! How dare he try to steal my woman? He’s asking for death!” Ezra smirked.
###Chapter 1345 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1345
“Hahaha! Dustin, I almost died laughing when you started slapping Sheehan. Granted that he’s fat, but he looked so swollen!”
As they left the Imperial Oasis Club, Eleanor laughed uncontrollably. Her depressed mood disappeared in an instant. She initially brought Dustin over to provoke Ezra, which worked surprisingly well.
Not only did he get back at that jerk, but Dustin even taught his unsavory companions a lesson. It was very satisfying.
“After all, they brought it upon themselves. If they didn’t have the intention to do any harm, I wouldn’t have beaten them up.” Dustin smiled calmly.
“What do we call it? Cutting off your nose to spite your face!” Eleanor started laughing again. She clearly knew that Sheehan wanted to play a trick on Dustin. It was too bad that he wasn’t very skilled and lost control.
Instead of pranking Dustin successfully, his plan backfired. This was just cosmic justice. “They are all bad people. You should distance yourself from them if you can.
Dustin advised her. There must be someone more capable behind a trust fund baby like Sheehan, which enabled him to learn and practice occult spells.
A gullible person like Eleanor would easily fall prey to their tricks. “Don’t worry, I have them wrapped around my fingers.” Eleanor raised her chin proudly and laughed.
“Dustin, I realized that you could be my lucky star. You saved me once, and now you’re helping me. Lady luck is always by my side when I’m with you!”
“It’s all thanks to you that I was able to find Dragon Panax.” Dustin smiled.
“Hehe… That’s to say that we complement each other, right? Great! From now on, you’ll be my guy best friend!” Eleanor said with her hands on her waist in a bossy manner.
Dustin didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. This girl was really trusting toward others. Suddenly, Eleanor’s phone rang. Her face turned pale when she answered the call.
“What? Something happened to Grandpa? Alright, I’ll come home right now!”
Eleanor rushed into her car as soon as the call ended. She stuck her head out and quickly said, “Dustin, something happened at home, and I must rush back now. I’ll treat you to a meal next time.”
“It’s all thanks to you that I was able to find Dragon Panax.” Dustin smiled.
“Hehe… That’s to say that we complement each other, right? Great! From now on, you’ll be my guy best friend!” Eleanor said with her hands on her waist in a bossy manner.
Dustin didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. This girl was really trusting toward others. Suddenly, Eleanor’s phone rang. Her face turned pale when she answered the call.
“What? Something happened to Grandpa? Alright, I’ll come home right now!”
Eleanor rushed into her car as soon as the call ended.She stuck her head out and quickly said, “Dustin, something happened at home, and I must rush back now. I’ll treat you to a meal next time.”
“Alright, you go on.” Dustin nodded and waved goodbye as he watched her leave.
At this time, Dustin’s eyelid twitched. He immediately noticed that something wasn’t right. He turned his head abruptly to the side, and his away. gaze fell on a car some distance That car was parked on the side, and its windows were unusually dark. He couldn’t see who was inside that car. But he knew that he was being watched. He stared at it briefly before the car revved and drove away quickly. Dustin snorted coldly. He knew it!
It looked like someone was following him. Was it the Swansons? Or was it the Ostrowers?
Dustin didn’t give it much thought. He hailed a cab and went straight to the hotel. Suddenly, his phone rang. Dustin was surprised to see a number from the southern province. It was Maximus calling!
“Hey, Dustin! Good news! I just arrived in Oakvale!” He could hear the excitement in Maximus’s voice as soon as he answered the call.
“Why aren’t you in Millsburg? What are you doing in Oakvale?” Dustin was curious.
Before he left, he had made Maximus the leader of the Flame Dragon Guild. It was quite a prestigious position in Millsburg.
“Mr. Adler said it’d be inconvenient for you to be out here alone. He asked us to keep you company and help you as much as possible,” Maximus said with a laugh.
“We?”
Dustin caught on quickly and asked, ” Who else is with you?
###Chapter 1346 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1346
“Caitlyn’s here with me as well,” Maximus replied. “After Mr. Jones left, Caitlyn’s quite lonely at home. That’s why I brought her along for a little adventure.
“We haven’t been to Oakvale. We heard it was a great place and wanted to see it for ourselves.”
“Oakvale may be a great place, but it also has its dark sides. You wouldn’t even know it if someone sold you out,” Dustin said helplessly.
“That’s why we have you, Dustin. We have nothing to be afraid of.” Maximus laughed heartily.
“That’s enough. Stop flattering me. Where are you now?” Dustin asked. “Oh, we just got off the train. We’re at the south station,” Maximus replied.
“Wait there. I’m coming to get you.”
After the call ended, Dustin asked the driver to turn around and headed. straight to the south station. The car stopped at the south station after an hour.
“Dustin! Over here!”
Dustin saw Maximus and Caitlyn waving happily to him as soon as he exited the car. They had a lot of luggage with them. Looking at them, they looked like they were moving here instead of coming for a short visit.
“Why did you bring so many things?” Dustin walked toward them, looking helpless. “It doesn’t hurt to be prepared. We’ll use it anyway,” Maximus said with a toothy grin. It was their first time in Oakvale. They prepared extra as they got a little too excited.
“It’s fine. Let’s find a place for you to stay, and we’ll get something to eat after that.”
Dustin reached out to take Caitlyn’s luggage from her, but she shook her head and refused. “Mr. Rhys, you’re of a higher social rank. Please let me do the laborious work.”
As she said that, she hobbled toward the car with the luggage behind her. She’d refuse help even though she was utterly exhausted.
Dustin was helpless. The girl hadn’t changed a bit. She was used to living a difficult life. She’d feel uncomfortable if she had nothing to do.
With both of them in tow, Dustin headed back to the hotel. It was a five- star hotel in Oakvale, which wasn’t too luxurious. Nevertheless, it was expensive.
Caitlyn looked around in awe as they walked into the hotel. She immediately lowered her head self-consciously and hid her face with a bag when a stranger looked at her.
“Mr. Rhys, how much does staying here for one night cost?” Caitlyn asked Dustin timidly when he was going through the check-in procedures.
“We’re in the city’s prime location. A basic room will cost around two thousand for a night’s stay,” Dustin replied casually.
“What? That’s very expensive!” Caitlyn was stunned and froze on the spot. She had never made two thousand, even after toiling for a month. She had always been frugal and thus found it hard to accept spending so much money just to stay for one night.
“Caitlyn, don’t feel bad. Money is the last thing on Dustin’s mind. You just make yourself comfortable.” Maximus smiled.
“No… No, it’s too expensive!” Caitlyn shook her head immediately.
“Mr. Rhys, this place is not for me. I’m not staying here. I’ll find a cheaper alternative in the city.” As she said that, she quickly ran out of the hotel with all her luggage.
She left so franticly that it looked like she was fleeing a wild beast. Dustin and Maximus looked at each other helplessly. They were speechless and found it amusing.
As much as they felt helpless, they could also feel their heart aching for Caitlyn.
Caitlyn had been through countless hardships and dark moments in life to the extent that she was afraid to embrace life’s good things.
###Chapter 1347 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1347 
Dustin didn’t force Caitlyn to stay at the five-star hotel. Instead, he took them to another suburb further away from the city and bought a bungalow there.
It was fully furnished with two stories and a small garden. They could move in right away after paying for the house.
Dustin had been thinking about it. He knew staying at hotels or renting rooms would be inconvenient as he planned to stay longer in Oakvale. With that, he bought a bungalow to make things easier. He had a lot of money anyway.
Caitlyn felt much better once they moved into the bungalow. She was glad to find out that it was a good investment, as the property prices around Oakvale were on the rise.
Besides, they could save more by cooking at home. It was a sweet deal. Once the house had been paid for, Dustin took both of them to buy daily necessities and showed them around the neighborhood.
It was already nightfall when they finally settled in the new house. Dustin and Maximus were both starving at the end of the day. It was good that Caitlyn was considerate and bought groceries to make them a sumptuous feast for dinner.
She made soup, steak, and salad for them. It was a well-balanced and appetizing meal. They had to admit that Caitlyn was a good cook. She only used simple ingredients, but the dishes tasted impeccable.
Dustin was a little embarrassed that he wasn’t as good as she was in the kitchen. After the meal, Caitlyn took the initiative to clean up. Dustin and Maximus went to the balcony for a chat and to enjoy the scenery.
Suddenly, Dustin’s phone started ringing. As soon as he answered the call, he could hear a cold but familiar voice. It was Harper calling.
“Dustin, can you come to the Golden Balcony? I have something to tell you.”
“You could just tell me right now while we’re on the call. I’m very busy and have no time to go over where you are,” Dustin replied calmly.
“This is something very important. You’ll regret it if you don’t come over!” Harper sounded serious.
“I will hang up if you do not tell me anything.” Dustin didn’t want to continue the conversation. He had never liked her.
“Hold on! Don’t you want to know why Cinna Shaffer is with Harmony Healers? Harper quickly said.
“What?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“What do you mean? Explain!”
“I know some secrets about Cinna Shaffer. Meet me at the Golden Balcony before nine tonight. I won’t be waiting past nine!” Harper said.
“Alright, I’ll be there soon,” Dustin replied. Harper must have an ulterior motive for asking to meet him at such a late hour. Regardless, it didn’t bother him much. He was more intrigued by the secrets.
Could it be that Brooke had hidden some information from him?
“Maximus, come with me,” Dustin said, bringing Maximus along. There were too many mysteries surrounding that incident, and Cinna was his only clue to solving it. Before Cinna woke up, he couldn’t afford to miss any related information.
They arrived at the Golden Balcony within half an hour. On the surface, the Golden Balcony was a club. However, it was just a front for an underground casino. Only members were allowed to enter, and no commoner could enter as they pleased.
Gambling was prohibited in Oakvale. The mastermind of this underground casino was a powerful person, running a luxurious casino in the center of Millsburg without fearing law enforcement.
Harper must have informed the reception before their arrival. They were able to enter the club as soon as they introduced themselves.
They followed the waiter and walked past the fancy and bustling hall before being led to a VIP lounge.
The VIP lounge was very different compared to the hustle and bustle of the gambling hall. It was quiet and decorated with a classical charm.
###Chapter 1348 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1348
There were around a dozen gaming tables offering different games, and the guests scattered across different tables.
In the VIP lounge, guests had a beautiful waitress attending exclusively to their needs as they gambled. It was the epitome of excellent customer service.
Only the rich and famous could enter the VIP lounge. The simplest bet could casually start with hundreds of thousands or even millions.
For the generous ones, they would even wager tens of millions and hundreds of millions. This was something a commoner could never achieve in their lifetime.
Dustin immediately spotted two familiar figures seated at the central table as soon as he entered the VIP lounge. It was Cody and Harper, With Harper’s status, it was obvious that she couldn’t have entered the VIP lounge alone. Cody must be the person who wanted to meet him.
“Hey! Dustin’s here! Join us! Let’s play a few rounds.” Cody immediately stood up and welcomed Dustin enthusiastically.
Though he wore a friendly smile, there was a hint of chilliness in his eyes.
“Mr. Ostrower, what is the real purpose of our meeting?” Dustin asked frankly. “There’s no need to rush. Let’s play a few rounds before we get to it.” Cody smiled and snapped his fingers at the waitress next to him.
“Get five million worth of gambling chips for this gentleman and put it on my tab.”
“Got it.” The beautiful waitress responded quickly and soon returned with a few dozen crystal chips.
“Dustin, please enjoy yourself today. If you win, you can take it all. I’ll foot the bill if you lose.” Cody laughed and said generously.
“I don’t like gambling. Nor do I like beating around the bush. Please tell me the purpose of this meeting now.”
Dustin wasn’t impressed. This place was a gambler’s heaven. It was too bad that he wasn’t interested at all. “You’re really a straightforward person, Dustin.” Cody laughed awkwardly.
“I asked you to meet me today because I wanted to introduce you to someone influential in Millsburg. If he’s got your back, you can practically do anything you want in this area!”
“Is that so? Who might that be?” Dustin asked.
“This person is the owner of the Golden Balcony, Pablo Hans!” Cody introduced proudly.
“Sorry, I’ve never heard of him,” Dustin replied casually.
“Hmph! You don’t even know who Mr. Hans is. You’re such a bumpkin!” Harper, who was seated on the side, frowned to show her disapproval.
In Millsburg, Mr. Hans was a revered and powerful figure. He was the only one who could openly challenge the Swanson and Welch family.
Those who knew their way around must have heard of Mr. Hans.
“Is Mr. Hans really this amazing? Do you think he could survive a blow from my sword?” Maximus said coldly.
“Dustin, is this your friend?” Cody looked him up and down with an unfriendly gaze.
“Hey, you! You’d better keep a lid on it. The whole city belongs to Mr. Hans. You might lose your life if you aren’t careful.”
Maximus was about to retort, but Dustin raised his hand and stopped him. “I’m not interested in knowing Mr. Hans. I just want to find out about Cinna Shaffer.”
The door to the VIP lounge swung open suddenly as soon as he said that. A tall and strappy middle-aged man in a suit walked in with his nose in the air and a cigar between his lips. He looked as burly as a bear.
His presence was very imposing even though he was just standing there. This man was the owner of the Golden Balcony and the king of Millsburg’s underworld, Pablo Hans!
“Mr. Hans has arrived. It’s your lucky day!” Cody flashed him a sinister smile and looked as if something interesting was about to happen.
“Hello, Mr. Hans!”
“Good evening, Mr. Hans!”
When Pablo walked through the door, the guests in the VIP lounge got up to greet him respectfully.
“As you were, please.” Pablo stretched his hands out and lowered them. He then walked toward Cody and said loftily, “Cody, where is the person I wanted to see?”
“When have I ever failed you?” Cody smirked secretly and gestured toward Dustin.
“Here, he’s the person you’re looking for!”
###Chapter 1349 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1349
“Oh?” Pablo followed Cody’s gesture and focused his attention on Dustin. He observed Dustin closely, and his eyes glinted with interest. “You’re a very impressive young man.
“Don’t just stand there; take a seat. I want to talk to you about something.” He sat on a nearby couch and took a sip of red wine from a waiter, looking confident.
“Dustin, this is the renowned Mr. Hans. I’ve brought you here to make sure you make a good impression. Don’t miss out on this opportunity,” Cody said with a half-smile.
“So, you brought me here for him?” Dustin asked casually.
“Mr. Rhys, Cody called you here because I want to make a deal with you.
Pablo took a long drag from his cigar and exhaled a smoke ring. It drifted lightly towards Dustin’s face, dissipating about a foot away from him, vanishing into thin air.
“A deal?” Dustin remained unfazed. Are you talking about the Dew balm formula?”
“Good! I appreciate talking with smart people,” Pablo snapped his fingers and grinned.
“Now that you know what I’m looking for let’s get down to business. How much do you want? Just tell me the price, and I won’t try to negotiate.”
“Mr. Hans, I can’t sell you that formula, “Dustin firmly declined. “Why? You think I can’t afford your price?” Pablo asked, his eyes narrowing.
“Dustin, a third of South City’s economy is in Mr. Hans’ control, and his wealth is beyond your imagination, “Cody interjected.
“Yes, I’m only interested in a few things. Not many can negotiate with me. Now, it’s your chance to get ahead, so take it.” Pablo smiled, a hint of warning in his eyes.
“It’s not about the price; I’ve already sold the Dew balm formula,” Dustin revealed.
“What? You sold it?” Cody’s eyes widened, and he was surprised.
“To whom? Why didn’t you just tell me earlier?”
He had gone to great lengths to get Pablo to buy the formula. Cody had not expected Dustin to sell it to anyone else.
“I sold it to the Welch family; so sorry to disappoint you.” Dustin shrugged.
“The Welch family?” Cody asked, and his eyebrows furrowed. The Welch family was one of the eight families in Oakvale, and they were notorious for not giving up their possessions easily.
“So, how much did they pay you? I’m willing to offer double,” Pablo chimed in. With his influence and powerful backers, he had no qualms about dealing with the Welch family.
“This is business. Once I sell the formula, I can’t take it back. If Mr. Hans wants it, you can negotiate with them,” Dustin said.
“Mr. Rhys, if you can sell it to the Welch family, you can sell the formula to me, too. One formula, twice the money. Sounds appealing, doesn’t it?” Pablo smiled.
“That’s right! Your deal with Mr. Hans will remain discreet, and the Welch family will never know. “Once you give me the formula and get the money, you can travel and live your life without worry.” Cody sweetened the deal.
“If the Welch family finds out I’m selling it again, I won’t live long enough to enjoy the money.” Dustin shook his head.
“Don’t worry, I’ve got your back, and they won’t dare to harm you,” Pablo assured him confidently.
“Mr. Hans, would you go against the Welch family for someone like me?” Dustin asked intently.
“You are very clever.” Pablo extinguished his cigar and placed it in the ashtray. “I won’t pick a fight with them, but I can ensure they don’t find you. It’s the only way to keep you safe.”
“Mr. Hans, I can’t trust someone else with my safety, so I must decline.” Dustin shook his head.
“Hmm?”
###Chapter 1350 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1350 
Upon hearing this, Pablo’s smile faded, and his expression hardened.
“Mr. Rhys, I can’t bear to be rejected again. I have been patient long enough, so don’t disappoint me,” he warned menacingly.
“Dustin, you need to be wise. It is a privilege to earn Mr. Hans’s favor; stubbornness could only get you in trouble,” Cody cautioned.
“Enough with the chit-chat!” Pablo roared, growing impatient. “I want that Dew Balm formula today! Give it to me, and you’ll be safe and get a lot of cash.”
“What if I say no?” Dustin asked.
“What if you say no? Hmph!” Pablo sneered, clapping his hands together. The VIP room door burst open, and about 40 to 50 gangsters in suits came storming in. They looked like a bunch of wolves.
“Kid, this is my territory. A word from me will determine your fate,” Pablo said, glaring at Dustin.
“If you don’t give up that formula today, you may never leave this place.”
“Mr. Hans, I don’t want any trouble. But if you continue to be stubborn, I’m pretty sure I’ll end up wrecking your Golden Balcony,” Dustin warned coldly.
At first, Pablo looked surprised. Then he burst out laughing as if he’d just heard the funniest joke in the world.
“Oh, my God! Is this kid insane? Is he challenging Mr. Hans?”
“He’s got guts for a rookie!”
A few guests left their gambling session, interested in what was happening. “Ignorant fool!” Cody sneered at Dustin. Harper crossed her arms with a wry smile playing across her lips.
“Kid, do you know what you’re talking about?” Pablo’s expression turned icy cold after his laughter. “Do you think I wouldn’t dare to shoot you now?” He pulled his gun out of its holster and aimed it at Dustin’s temple.
Dustin didn’t flinch and calmly said, ” Mr. Hans, your gun is still on safety.”
“You…” Pablo’s eye twitched.
He was about to take aim when a sultry, seductive voice filled the room. “Mr. Hans, why are you so angry? And why did you bring out your gun?”
A woman in a shimmering silver mini skirt and crystal high heels sashayed into the room.
Her fiery red lips were dazzling, and her figure was striking. Her chestnut brown wavy hair spilled over her shoulders.
She walked elegantly in long black stockings that would make a man’s heart skip a beat. She was carrying a delicate designer handbag in one hand and a cigarette in the other.
Her lips were curled into a seductive smile, radiating a charming and alluring aura.
“Lana Camron?” Harper frowned as soon as she saw her. It seemed like an odd coincidence to meet this bothersome woman here.
###Chapter 1351 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1351
“Mr. Hans, we all come to the Golden Balcony for a good time. What’s gotten you so worked up?” Lana asked Her hips swung as she stepped into the room with a dazzling smile.
As soon as she entered, she caught everyone’s attention. Her voluptuous figure and the unique allure radiating made her look like a cunning fox.
“Ms. Camron, I’ve got some work to attend to, but If you’re here for fun, I can arrange a private room,” Pablo said, his voice softening though he still held his gun tightly.
“Mr. Hans, this young man is actually my friend. I hope you can cut him some slack.” Lana smiled as she took Dustin’s arm affectionately.
Dustin was confused but didn’t argue. After all, Lana was trying to help him, and he didn’t want to embarrass her in front of everyone.
“A friend?”
Pablo glanced around and said icily,” Well, Ms. Camron, your friend is quite bold.
“He has refused me multiple times and threatened to damage my Golden Balcony. He does not show me any respect at all.”
“Really?” Lana raised an eyebrow and looked at Dustin in surprise. She hadn’t expected him to challenge Pablo so openly.
“Mr. Hans, I apologize for my young friend’s rashness and lack of manners. I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive him.” Lana kept her smile.
“Well, but he needs to give me the formula before I can forgive him,” Pablo said coldly.
“The formula?” Lana asked, feeling perplexed. She realized it was more than just a verbal argument; it was about their interests.
“I repeat, I cannot sell you the formula, “Dustin firmly refused. Pablo brandished his gun, leaving no room for any negotiation.
“Ms. Camron, did you not hear? Your friend does not know what he is talking about.” Pablo’s expression darkened as he raised his gun.
“Mr. Hans, be patient. It’s just a formula. Let me talk to him.” Lana smiled and lowered the muzzle of the gun.
She bent over and whispered to Dustin, “Pablo is known for his cruelty. Give him the formula, and I’ll make sure you’re safe tonight.”
“Ms. Camron, I appreciate your kindness. But I can’t give him the formula.” Dustin shook his head.
Lana continued to persuade, “Your formula will remain valuable as long as there are chances. But if you die here, it will be useless to you too.”
She thought to herself, “This guy is so stubborn. Even when he’s in danger, he won’t yield.”
“I won’t die, and he can’t kill me,” Dustin replied calmly.
“You…” Lana was feeling frustrated at his response. Other than the presence of dozens of people around them, Pablo still held a gun. Lana wondered where Dustin had found the courage to make such a statement.
“Ms. Camron, I’m getting a little tired of you trying to get in my way,” Pablo warned sternly. Dustin’s stubbornness frustrated him, prompting Pablo to take action.
“Mr. Hans, why don’t we have a pleasant conversation and drink together?” Lana asked, taking two glasses of wine and handing one to Pablo.
“Drink?” Pablo snapped, slapping the glass out of her hand. The glass shattered, and wine sprayed everywhere. Lana was slightly startled, but she smiled and moved closer to Pablo.
She touched his chest with her delicate fingers and said softly, “Mr. Hans, please don’t be mad. If you let my friend go, I promise you’ll be pleasantly surprised tonight.”
###Chapter 1352 by Marina Vittori
An Understated Dominance by Marina Vittori Chapter 1352 
Lana smiled flirtatiously at Pablo..
“Lana, if you want to have some fun, I’ll be happy to join you later,” Pablo said, then grabbed her wrist and gave her a wicked grin.
“But first, I have to deal with this kid here, so stay put and stay out of trouble.
“Mr. Hans, you’re hurting me!” Lana complained, her face twisting into a scowl. She tried to pull away from him, but he wouldn’t let her go.
“Slut, weren’t you trying to seduce me earlier? Once I’m done with this kid, I’m sure your night will be one to remember.” Pablo grinned wickedly, drawing Lana closer to him.
He looked at Dustin tauntingly. “Kid, it seems like something is going on between you and this slut here, doesn’t it?
“I doubt your scrawny arms and legs will do her any good, but I’ll make sure she has the best time of her life. She’ll be on cloud nine.”
“Mr. Hans, please don’t be reckless. I’m from the Camron family!” Lana panicked.
“What about the Camron family? I’ll do whatever I want with you today. Your family can’t do anything to me, even if I take advantage of you,” Pablo said arrogantly.
“You-” Lana was shocked and furious. Pablo had a significant influence and strong support behind him. If he forced himself on her, it would only slightly tarnish his reputation.
Not even the Camron family would dare stand up to him.
“Kid, I’m going to ask you again. Will you give me the formula or not?” Pablo held Lana with one hand and a gun with the other. He glared fiercely at Dustin.
“First, I will not give you the formula. Second, release Ms. Camron, or I will break your hand!” Dustin said it in a cold, resolute tone.
This shocked many people because no one had expected Dustin to be so daring. He was facing a gun pointed at him and still talking with a straight face. Why was he risking his life?
“You’re asking for it, you bastard!” Pablo snapped, pulling the trigger and aiming for Dustin’s thigh. The shot reverberated through the room, yet there was no blood or screams.
This was because Dustin reacted swiftly as soon as Pablo released the trigger. He gripped the gun barrel with one hand and squeezed Pablo’s throat with the other. There was a loud thud as he pinned Pablo to the wall, causing multiple cracks.
Pablo groaned, feeling as if his bones were about to break and his organs would spasm, causing excruciating pain. Instantly, everyone in the VIP room was stunned by what had just happened.
The contrast between the two men was stark. Pablo was nearly six feet five inches, with a muscular, bear-like physique. In comparison, Dustin was slender and frail, with a thin, sickly cat- like body.
Dustin subdued the giant with a single hand, leaving everyone in awe.
“Is having a gun really that impressive? “Dustin asked, holding Pablo by the throat.
“Now, who’s in trouble?”
###Chapter 1353 by Marina Vittori
Pablo’s breath caught in his throat, his face flushed, and his forehead veins bulged. He tried to struggle but found his limbs weak. He felt a sudden surge of fear.
He had always thought of Dustin as weak as a kitten, but now he looked like a fierce tiger. His strength was so great that Pablo had not doubted that Dustin could snap his neck easily.
“This is insane!”
“He’s out of control!”
“Let Mr. Hans go right now!”
After a short pause, the VIP room erupted into chaos. The group of gangsters in suits began shouting.
“Dustin! Have you lost your mind? How dare you touch Mr. Hans? You’re only getting yourself into trouble. Let him go!” Cody exclaimed.
“Rhys, we’re at the Golden Balcony. If you hurt Mr. Hans here, you’ll suffer consequences you can’t imagine,” Harper said worriedly. She had brought Dustin in, and any harm to Pablo would put her in a difficult position.
“I didn’t mean to do this, but you put me on the spot. You think I’m easy, don’t you?” Dustin said, taking Pablo’s gun and pressing it to his forehead. He asked coldly, “How does it feel to look into a gun’s barrel?”
“Ki-Kid, don’t mess around. You hurt me, and your family will suffer!” Pablo stammered.
“Is that so?” Dustin slowly lowered the gun, placing it in Pablo’s mouth.
“Do you think I’m scared of your threats?”
Pablo was in a cold sweat as he sensed Dustin’s deadly intention. “Handsome, don’t be hasty. If you hurt Mr. Hans, you’ll never leave here alive, “Lana said urgently.
“Ms. Camron, he has no intention of letting me go. So, let’s use this as an opportunity to gain the upper hand.” Dustin put the gun on the trigger.
“Wait!”
Cody intervened, saying, “Dustin, let’s talk. This is just a business deal; there’s no need for violence. Just put the gun down, and we’ll talk it through.”
“There’s nothing to talk about. I already told you the formula isn’t for sale,” Dustin replied coldly.
“Alright… If you’re not willing to part with the formula, we won’t force it on you.” Cody quickly agreed with a forced. smile.
“If this doesn’t work out, why don’t we work together to promote the ointment? It could be a great long- term partnership for all of us. What do you think?”
“That sounds promising, but I doubt your sincerity,” Dustin spoke, his demeanor softening.
Dustin contemplated the situation. It would be easy to kill Pablo, but there could be potential complications if anyone with malicious intentions found out later. It would ruin his whole plan.
“As for sincerity, you can trust me on this one,” Cody responded with a resolute look.
“I pledge my integrity that as long as you let Mr. Hans go, we’ll be in a long- term partnership. We’ll stand by each other through thick and thin.”
“What about you?” Dustin asked as he looked into Pablo’s eyes. With the gun in his mouth and unable to speak, Pablo nodded in agreement.
“Mr. Hans is on board,” Cody said with a satisfied grin.
“We’ll be like brothers from now on!”
Pablo remained silent but continued to nod. When you find yourself in someone else’s territory, you have to comply. And when they point a gun at you, you have to do what they want.
“Alright, I’ll believe you,” Dustin said, slowly releasing Pablo and casually throwing the gun into a nearby trash can.
Pablo relaxed but was overcome by his own coughing. A moment later, sweat was pouring down his back.
###Chapter 1354 by Marina Vittori
“Alright, we got it sorted out. Let’s put our differences aside and have a good time together.” Cody chuckled, exchanging a secretive look with Pablo.
Pablo quickly caught on, stepped into the crowd, and shouted, “Hey, bastard! You dare to threaten me? You’re asking for trouble! Someone, grab him!”
Instantly, the group of gangsters in suits surrounded Dustin.
“Hold on!”
Lana abruptly stepped in front of Dustin. “Mr. Hans, we had a deal. Why are you resorting to violence now?”
“Humph! I agreed before, but now I’ve changed my mind,” Pablo declared. “You’ve got a reputation to uphold, so you’re not afraid of public criticism?” Lana frowned.
“Criticism?” Pablo scoffed.
“This is my turf. After I’m done with this kid and have my way with you, I’ll keep all this under wraps. No one will ever find out.”
“Yo-you’re so shameless!” Lana exclaimed.
“I’ll tell I you what I’ve got in store. When we get closer later, you’ll get it,” Pablo leered.
“Pablo, I’ve given you a chance. If you threaten me again, I’ll make you regret it,” Dustin said indifferently. Of course, he didn’t believe what Cody and Pablo were saying. He was just testing the waters.
If the two of them genuinely wanted to patch things up, he could pretend it never happened. Unfortunately, a leopard cannot change its spots.
“Regret?”
Pablo roared fiercely, “Bastard! I walked into your trap earlier. Do you still think you can turn the tables?
“You can try it all you want!” Pablo snarled as he saw Dustin stand there with his hands behind his back, unfazed.
“Damn! I’m sure you won’t back down until you’re dead! Get him now!” Pablo gave the order.
“Take him down!” The gang of gangsters swarmed at Dustin.
“Dustin, leave them to me!” Maximus sneered and transformed into a ghostly shadow, crashing into the crowd.
Within a few seconds, the air was filled with screams and cries of outrage.
Maximus displayed the prowess of a seasoned martial artist and was in complete control of the fight. Under Dobson’s tutelage, Maximus honed his skills to the level of a divinity master.
Although the gangsters from the Golden Balcony had some basic combat skills, they couldn’t hold a candle to a martial arts master.
Within five minutes, most of them were sprawling on the ground. “Hmph! This was easy!” Maximus scoffed and crossed his arms, not breaking a sweat.
“Ho-how is this possible?” Pablo’s eyes widened in alarm at the sight of his wounded henchmen.
He had assumed he had the advantage, thinking he could just take back his words. He didn’t realize that Dustin had a highly skilled master at his side.
“Who is this guy? He’s too powerful!” Cody was frightened. He had assumed Maximus was just a harmless attendant and had given no thought to his presence.
“He’s fighting dozens of people on his own. Is he even human?” Harper couldn’t believe her eyes.
Movies don’t make scenes like this, do they?
“Of course, he was so confident. He had the protection of a skilled master.”
Lana was surprised but relieved. Just a moment ago, she thought their situation would be dire. But suddenly, things had taken a promising turn.
###Chapter 1355 by Marina Vittori
After dealing with the gangsters, Maximus glared maliciously at Pablo.” Dustin, what do we do with this big guy?
“Let’s break one of his arms first,” Dustin calmly proposed. “Sure, no problem!” Maximus rushed forward and pinned Pablo to the ground immediately.
“Wai-wait! Let’s talk this out. I believe we can resolve this-Ah!” Pablo panicked, but Maximus twisted his arm before he could say anything. Pablo screamed in agony.
Cody and Harper watched in horror. Their backs stiffened with fear at the sudden downfall of the haughty Pablo.
“Pablo, you made a grave mistake,” Dustin asserted as he approached the giant-like figure.
“I gave you two chances that you didn’t take. Instead, you chose a path that will lead to your death. How am I supposed to handle this now?”
“Kid, I surrender now!”
Pablo gritted his teeth and conceded, ” You’ve beaten and humiliated me. Let’s end this now.
“We won’t cross paths again. Can we agree on that?”
“You think I’m a gullible fool, don’t you?” Dustin retorted coldly. “You have broken our agreement and my trust. You were arrogant when you had the advantage. And now you’re willing to compromise when the tables are turned.
“There is no room for compromise in this world.”
“Kid, don’t push your luck!” Pablo threatened sternly. “All my men are waiting outside. If I give the order, they will storm in here and kill you!”
“You’re still trying to act tough, aren’t you!” Maximus snapped. He grabbed Pablo’s hair and slammed his face into the gambling table.
It was so hard that a resounding “Bang! “echoed through the room. Pablo’s front teeth shattered, his nose flattened, and blood sprayed all over his face.
“The two of you are going to die! I’ll have you killed!” Pablo wailed in a strangled, anguished voice.
“Break one of his legs,” Dustin commanded.
“Yes, sir!” Without hesitation, Maximux planted his foot on Pablo’s knee.
The room filled with a sickening crack as Pablo’s flesh bent inward at an angle of 90 degrees. The broken bone punctured his flesh, spilling blood.
“Ahh!” Pablo’s shrill cry filled the room, and his face twisted in agony.
“Stop! Please, don’t!” Cody tried to intervene when he came to his senses. He warned, “Dustin, do you understand how serious this is?
“Mr. Hans is one of the most powerful underworld bosses in South City, with a vast network and loyal supporters. They will hunt you for the rest of your life if you hurt him.”
“That’s right! Release Pablo now, or your entire family will suffer the consequences,” Harper added. Dustin slowly lifted his head, looking steadily at Cody and Harper. “So, are you both willing to risk losing an arm or a leg?”
Cody’s eyelids fluttered, and he took a couple of steps back. He gathered his courage and said, “Dustin, I know you two can fight well.
“But it won’t work in Oakvale if you use your fists and kicks. No matter how skilled you are, you need to be able to handle gunfire, too!
“What about artillery barrages? Can you take on an entire army?
“Dustin, stop it now! Everyone out there is under Mr. Hans’ command.
“If you change your mind, I can intervene on your behalf and try to ensure your safety. But if you remain stubborn, you are digging your own grave!”
###Chapter 1356 by Marina Vittori
Cody’s words were a mixture of determination and a heartfelt plea that might have convinced any ordinary person to change their mind.
However, Maximus was quick to react. He raised his hand and slapped Cody across the face, yelling, “You talked too much!”
Cody’s head spun, and his mouth was knocked open. He was dizzy, and his nose was bleeding.
“You … how dare you hit me?” Cody blurted out. He covered his throbbing face with his hands, trying to comprehend what was happening.
As the young master of the Ostrower family, he had never been so publicly humiliated. “Why did I hit you? Keep talking, and I’ll have to shut you up for good,” Maximus threatened sternly.
Cody was trembling with fear, and he dared not utter another word. He couldn’t believe that Dustin and Maximus had acted so recklessly, disregarding Pablo’s position and their safety.
“You two bastards sure are bold!” Pablo, who lay on the floor, roared in anger “This is the Golden Balcony, my territory, and part of the Langford family’s business.
“If you dare harm me, it’s a direct assault on the Langfords’ honor. After tonight, you will have no place in Oakvale!”
At this moment, he dropped all pretense and explicitly declared his powerful connections.
“What? The Langford family supports Mr. Hans?”
This shocked everyone. They realized how Pablo had risen to become the underworld’s overlord in South City in just ten years. It was with the support of the powerful Langford family.
Oakvale’s eight great families were categorized into two tiers: the upper echelon of four and the lower quartet.
The top four families wielded substantial influence, reaching all the way down to Aylka. Their members held pivotal positions or had influential connections, often occupying high- ranking offices or playing significant roles in society.
The lower four families were comparatively less powerful. Despite their wealth and influence, they couldn’t match the top four. The contrast between these two tiers was akin to that of a cat and a tiger.
The Swanson and Welch families in South City were notable examples of the lower four families.
The Langford family was among the top four and even made it into the top three! This earned them the title “the success gateway”, as forming a connection with the Langfords was seen as a ticket to prosperity.
“The Langford family? They sound quite formidable,” Dustin remarked, his eyes narrowing. He had a run-in with them during his time in Swinton.
“You’re scared now?” Pablo scoffed..
“Bastards! Do you think I’ve been able to survive here all these years without powerful support? Release me now and beg for forgiveness; I might spare your lives!”
Dustin scoffed and stomped his foot on Pablo’s face. “If I don’t release you, what then?”
“Punk! Are you challenging the Langford family?” Pablo gritted his teeth.
“Don’t just talk about them. Even if the Fallons show up, they won’t be able to save you today.” As Dustin spoke, he stepped on Pablo’s other arm and snapped it.
“Ah!” Pablo yelled in pain. Suddenly, the VIP hall’s door was abruptly burst open by a well-dressed young man who strode in with a group of formidable people.
“Hey! Who dares to cause a ruckus in the Golden Balcony?”
###Chapter 1357 by Marina Vittori
“Hey! Who’s causing a ruckus at the Golden Balcony?”
The atmosphere grew tense as a young man stormed in. His eyes were sharp as daggers, casting an intimidating presence upon arrival.
All those who met his fierce gaze instinctively lowered their heads. “Isn’t that Hugo Langford, the fourth young master of the Langford family? What is he doing here?”
“Remember, the Langford family is the big boss behind the Golden Balcony. If there’s a ruckus here, they won’t turn a blind eye.”
“They’ve not only beaten up Mr. Hans but also messed up the Langford family’s establishment. These two kids are in deep trouble today!”
“Hah, youngsters nowadays think a few punches make them kings of Oakvale. What a joke!”
The unexpected turn of events ignited a flurry of discussions among the guests in the VIP hall. Now that the Langford family was here, there was no way this situation would end well.
“Mr. Hugo … please, help me!” Hugo’s arrival had Pablo shedding tears of relief. He struggled to his feet. Despite a shaky gait, made his way forward. But halfway through, he lost his balance, causing him to tumble forward.
His momentum threw him right at Hugo’s feet.
“Pablo? What happened to you?” Hugo was taken aback, looking astonished. He had been having a good time in the adjacent venue when he heard about the trouble at the Golden Balcony and rushed over. He had never seen Pablo in such a wretched condition.
With both hands broken, a fractured left leg, and a battered face covered in fresh blood, Pablo looked utterly disheveled.
He was a pawn of the Langford family in the South City. He might not have been a big shot, but he had some power in the area. Ordinary forces wouldn’t have dared to provoke him, much less brutalize him to this extent.
“Mr. Hugo, you came just in time. If you’d been a moment later, I don’t think I’d be here to talk to you!” Pablo was crying, face down, near Hugo’s feet, appearing pitiful.
“Who did this to you? How did you end up like this?” Hugo demanded in a grave tone. “It was those two young kids.” Pablo pointed at Dustin and Maximus. “It’s them!”
Hugo followed the direction and fixed his gaze on Dustin. He then eyed Dustin from head to toe.
“Kid! Who are you? How dare you cause trouble at the Golden Balcony? Do you know that this place belongs to the Langford family?”
“I didn’t know that before, but I certainly do now,” Dustin replied calmly. “Alright, now that you know, how should we resolve this?” Hugo asked, his expression darkening.
“It’s pretty simple. Have Pablo kneel, say sorry, and then compensate me with the Golden Balcony. And I can just forget about today’s mess,” Dustin said nonchalantly.
“What did you just say?” Hugo was taken aback, doubting if he had misheard. The crowd exchanged bewildered glances.
Was Dustin out of his mind? He won’t yield or apologize in front of the Langfords, but he dared to demand an apology from Pablo. Dustin even shamelessly wanted the Golden Balcony as compensation. Was he crazy?
“Talking tough in front of Mr. Hugo- that’s a surefire way to a world of trouble!” Cody sneered.
“Yep, just a country bumpkin, completely unaware of who he’s messing with.” Harper shook her head.
Anyone with enough knowledge or intelligence wouldn’t utter such words. For him to dare act tough in front of Hugo, he was either foolish or clueless.
“Kid, did I hear you right? You just said Pablo should apologize, and you want the Golden Balcony as compensation?” Hugo raised an eyebrow.
###Chapter 1358 by Marina Vittori
Having spent so many years in South City, this was the first time anyone had the guts to talk to Hugo like this. It was like playing with fire.
“Yep, you heard me right.” Dustin nodded seriously. “This is getting interesting…” Hugo suddenly burst into laughter, but his expression turned ice cold.
“Kid, I’ve met no one as audacious as you. Demanding the Langford family’s assets-that’s quite the bold move! “I could hand you the Golden Balcony, but would you want it?”
“If you hand it over, I want it. If you don’t, I’ll just have to snatch it,” Dustin replied bluntly.
“Hahaha…” Hugo’s laughter now seemed to be filled with anger than amusement.
“Kid! Do you even know what you’re getting into? You’re playing with fire, and it will burn you!” He spat out the last few words through gritted teeth.
“We’ll soon find out who’s playing with fire,” Dustin replied, his face impassive.
“Alright, I hope you don’t end up begging for mercy later. I like your guts, 11 Hugo said, raising his hand abruptly.
“Turn off the cameras! Clear the room; everyone who’s not involved, get out!”
As soon as he gave the order, the gamblers in the VIP room hurried for the exit; they knew Hugo meant business. After tonight, two bodies might end up in the river.
“Hmph! Let’s see how you wriggle out of this one!” Pablo sneered, his eyes full of resentment.
“No chance; get ready to collect bodies tomorrow morning,” Cody said as he left, avoiding getting caught in the crossfire.
“Hmph! You brought this on yourself by offending the powerful figures of Oakvale. You’ll probably vanish without a trace tomorrow,” Harper said coldly.
She then cast a final glance at Dustin before following Cody out. Harper pondered. “If Dustin had asked for mercy earlier, there might have been a glimmer of hope. But now, it’s too late.”
“Hey, I’m powerless here too. Best of luck,” Lana sighed, regretfully leaving the VIP room. Lana understood that negotiating with Pablo might have been an option, but the odds were slim to none with Hugo.
From the Langford family’s viewpoint, the Camron family held no significance. Stepping in could only spell disaster for herself.
Under Hugo’s firm command, the Golden Balcony was cleared out within three minutes. Only the Langford family members blocked the VIP room entrance, keeping a watchful eye.
“Now, it’s just the two of you,” Hugo said, lighting a cigarette and exhaling a cloud of smoke.
“Any last words?”
“Before you start, you might want to call Mr. Ethan. You’ll regret it if you don’t,” Dustin suggested calmly.
“Hehe… regret it?” Hugo sneered.
“Kid, I know almost all the big shots in Aylka, but I’ve never seen you. Do you think you can bluff your way out with a few tough words? You’re way too inexperienced.”
To Hugo, Dustin seemed to lose his nerve, trying to talk tough when he was on the brink of death.
“I’m not from Oakvale; I’m-”
Before Dustin could finish his sentence, Hugo interrupted. “Not from Oakvale? That’s even better. Attack!”
“Yes!”
The martial artists behind Hugo responded and charged straight at Dustin and Maximus.
###Chapter 1359 by Marina Vittori
Lana was sitting in her luxury car outside the entrance of the Golden Balcony, her eyebrows arched as she looked through the window. Just when she thought she’d finally met a handsome guy, she couldn’t believe his string of bad luck.
First, Dustin offended Pablo, and then he dared to challenge Hugo. Now, Dustin was stuck inside the Golden Balcony, where the chances of survival were close to zero.
Resigned to her powerlessness, Lana’s remaining option was to prepare for the grim task of collecting Dustin’s lifeless body. Her thoughts turned depressed thinking of his pitiful life.
“Oh, Ms. Camron. You’re still here?”
Cody and Harper approached from the Lana responded casually.
“Us?” Cody smiled faintly. “We have some ties to Dustin through Harmony Healers. We thought it’d be right to stick around and help with his last rites.”
“Hmph! Spare me your hypocrisy,” Lana said coldly.
“I’m not blind to the fact that you baited Dustin into coming here.”
“We genuinely brought him for a business chat, never expecting the chaos that unfolded. He’s reaping what he sowed,” Cody retorted with a shrug.
“Exactly! A country bumpkin like him, who thinks he’s above everyone, is getting what’s coming to him,” Harper chimed in.
“Harper, do you even know what you’re saying?” Lana shot a disapproving look. “Dustin has helped Harmony Healers more than once. Is this how you repay him? Even animals know how to show gratitude; you are worse than animals!”
This time, Harper could not respond, and Cody’s face darkened.
“Lana, we’re all on level ground here. Who doesn’t know about your flings and attraction to men in South City? Don’t act like a saint.”
“That’s right. You’ve got no right to judge us,” Harper added.
“Hmph! Maybe I am promiscuous, but at least I’m not as heartless as you,” Lana retorted. One sharp comeback left Cody and Harper lost for words. Their anger and pride stung. Lana was always ready for a confrontation.
“Lana, I know you have a soft spot for Dustin, but he might not leave the Golden Balcony today,” Cody said with a hint of bitterness.
“You might not even get to claim his lifeless body.” Lana remained unfazed. “Well, that’s none of your business. Miracles can happen.”
“Miracles?” Cody scoffed.
“Even if God himself came today, he wouldn’t be able to save him!”
As they conversed, the Golden Balcony’s gate unexpectedly swung open. Dustin casually walked out as if he was on a leisurely walk. His appearance was immaculate, without a speck of dust, as if he had gone inside for a short walk.
“How is this possible?” At this sight, Cody and Harper were left dumbfounded, rooted to their spots. Even Lana wore a look of disbelief. They knew no one marked by the Langford family had ever emerged unscathed.
“I … am I seeing things? Dustin walked out alive? Without a scratch?” Cody rubbed his eyes, struggling to accept it.
“No way! He was as good as gone when Hugo ordered everyone out,” Harper exclaimed, her eyes wide in disbelief.
In their minds, Dustin’s fate was sealed when Hugo ordered the evacuation. They had braced themselves to collect his lifeless body. Yet, in less than ten minutes, Dustin had miraculously walked out of the Golden Balcony unharmed.
It was simply unbelievable!
###Chapter 1360 by Marina Vittori
Lana was in awe, her mouth agape. “Wow, did a miracle happen?” What she’d mentioned in passing had magically come true, leaving her shocked.
As everyone was still processing this, an even more unbelievable scene played out. Not long after Dustin had walked out, Maximus followed closely, carrying two people.
On his left was Pablo, with broken limbs and in agonizing pain. On the right was Hugo, who was so battered and bruised that he was almost unrecognizable.
They were like rag dolls, clutched by their collars, as Maximus dragged them out of the Golden Balcony, leaving a trail of blood in their wake.
It became clear that it wasn’t Hugo who spared Dustin and Maximus. Instead, Dustin and Maximus had fought their way out of an intense situation.
Earlier, Hugo had brought the elite martial artists from the Langford family, each capable of taking on a hundred enemies.
Yet, in just a few minutes, all the elite martial artists were defeated, and Hugo himself had been captured. The skill of Dustin and Maximus was nothing short of amazing.
“Get in the car,” Dustin said as he grabbed the keys from Hugo’s pocket. He motioned for Maximus to load the two injured men into the vehicle. Eventually, Dustin took the wheel of Hugo’s Land Rover and sped away, leaving only the fading taillights behind.
Cody nervously gulped, a shiver running down his spine. Luckily, they’d escaped. Otherwise, they might have ended up like Hugo.
“What should we do now, Cody? It looks like Dustin took Mr. Hugo.” Harper was at a loss. The current situation was way more dire than she’d expected.
“This is a mess! Dustin just kidnapped Mr. Hugo!” Cody suddenly realized the gravity of the situation and went pale.
“Come on, get in the car! We must alert the Langford family and get Mr. Hugo back, or we’re both in deep trouble!” With that, he dashed into his vehicle.
“Why are you just standing there? Hurry up!” Seeing that Harper was hesitating, Cody stuck his head out of the car window and urged her on.
“Yes, right!” Harper snapped out of her daze and quickly took the passenger seat. With the engine roaring to life, the two of them sped away.
Dustin had dragged them into this mess. The Langford family wouldn’t go easy on them if he’d harmed Hugo.
“What is that lunatic up to?” Lana furrowed her brow and gave the driver a pat on the shoulder. “Let’s go after them!”
Soon, her luxury car roared to life, trailing closely behind. The three cars navigated through the streets, driving for roughly an hour. Dustin, who drove the Land Rover, pulled up in front of a lavish courtyard.
It was an incredibly luxurious place with towering walls, traditional tiles, and a timeless appearance. The gate had a golden border, and two imposing stone lions guarded the entrance.
Above the gate, a golden plaque proudly displayed the words, “Langford Residence!”
###Chapter 1361 by Marina Vittori
“Stop! Who’s there?”
As Dustin and Maximus stepped out of the car, the two guards at the entrance of the Langford residence immediately tensed up.
“I’m here to see Mr. Ethan. Can you let him know?” Dustin asked calmly. “You can’t just barge in to see Mr. Ethan. You’ll have to send a request in writing tomorrow and wait for a response,” the left guard replied curtly.
Without further ado, Dustin made a simple hand gesture. Maximus understood the cue and quickly pulled Hugo out of the car, positioning him in front of the residence’s gate.
“Mr. Hugo?”
The guards scrutinized the battered Hugo closely. Their expressions quickly shifted from suspicion to concern. “Who are you? You’ve got some guts to attack a member of the Langford family!”
“Tell Mr. Ethan that an old friend has come to visit,” Dustin said impassively. “Hurry… Please let Uncle Ethan know… Hugo, lying on the ground, gasped weakly.
The two guards exchanged a glance and didn’t hesitate. One stayed on guard while the other rushed inside to deliver the message.
Three minutes later, a group of heavily armed guards burst out, surrounding Dustin and Maximus with a formidable presence.
“Who’s looking for me?”
At that moment, a burly middle-aged man with a well-groomed beard strode forward confidently. He had a square face, thick eyebrows, and imposing features. Behind him were two elderly men with white hair, one chubby and the other slender.
Both appeared unassuming but exuded an air of depth that sent shivers down Maximus’ spine, causing him to break out in a cold sweat.
“Uncl-Uncle Ethan, please help me!” Hugo cried out as if he’d just spotted a savior.
“What?” Ethan’s gaze immediately settled on the battered Hugo. Hugo’s hair was disheveled, his face was swollen, and blood flowed from his nose and mouth.
“Who dares to lay a hand on a member of the Langford family?” Ethan’s face grew stern, and his gaze was piercing.
“Uncle Ethan, it’s him! He’s the one. who attacked me!” Hugo staggered forward, pointing at Dustin and wailing, “This guy’s got some nerve.
“Not only did he cause a commotion at the Golden Balcony, but he also hurt me badly. You’ve got to back me up on this!”
Ethan followed Hugo’s pointing finger and was about to assert his authority when he froze. His eyes widened, and his expression turned to one of sheer surprise.
“It’s-it’s you?” Looking at the familiar face before him, Ethan couldn’t maintain his composure. Several months ago, he had visited Swinton to attend his nephew Arlo Langford’s engagement celebration.
Afterward, he had endured a month of relentless nightmares, which still haunted him to this day. Little did he expect that the source of those nightmares had now appeared at his doorstep.
Thoughts raced in Ethan’s mind. What was the purpose of this visit? Settling old scores? Seeking vengeance for Arlo, who had stolen Dustin’s bride?
Ethan was flustered, and beads of cold sweat formed on his forehead. Ten years ago, Logan Rhys was a name that struck fear into the hearts of many. He was renowned as a vile demon, and anyone unfortunate to cross his path suffered dire consequences.
Even those with royal connections had to be cautious around him. Even though a decade had passed, the West Lucozian monarchy still wielded significant power, and Logan continued to be a figure that commanded universal dread.
The consequences would be unimaginable if he intended to cause trouble for the Langford family.
“Mr. Ethan, we meet again,” Dustin said faintly. Ethan’s eyes twitched, and he was momentarily at a loss for words.
Before him stood the person considered to ba an unlucky star, someone he dared not offend or befriend. Even speaking to him seemed to invite disaster. It was indeed a difficult situation.
“Uncle Ethan, why are you just standing there? It was this guy who attacked me. You should deal with him right away!”
Unaware of the tension, Hugo continued to shout, “Kid, you dare to act recklessly in front of our Langford family’s gates? Your days are numbered!”
“Shut up!”
###Chapter 1362 by Marina Vittori
Ethan had reached his breaking point and slapped Hugo in frustration. The force of the slap sent Hugo sprawling to the ground, leaving everyone in the crowd bewildered. They exchanged incredulous looks, struggling to process what had just transpired.
“What on earth is happening here? Shouldn’t Ethan be dealing with the troublemaker who barged in?”
Some in the crowd whispered.
“Why did Hugo get slapped? Is this some kind of mix-up?”
“Uncle Ethan?” Hugo held his cheek, looking confused.
“Wh-why’d you hit me?”
Ethan’s anger flared, and he threatened, “You blind fool! I’m gonna slap you again!”
He stormed over, landing a series of punches and kicks while yelling, “You laze around all day, bully people, and stir up trouble everywhere.
“Our family is ashamed to have a good- for-nothing like you! Today, I’m giving you a lesson on behalf of your father, you worthless scoundrel!”
“Ouch! Please, stop! Uncle Ethan. I know I messed up…” Hugo winced from the relentless blows and begged for mercy. The crowd was still stunned, sharing puzzled looks.
Ethan’s sudden burst of violence was not what they expected. Usually, when Hugo got into trouble, he’d get a good scolding. But this punishment was just too brutal.
Cody and Harper, who had just arrived by car, were equally shocked by the scene. They thought Dustin would come to the Langford residence to make amends.. They never imagined Ethan would lash out at Hugo like this.
It left them wondering if influential folks had some peculiar habits. “Did the Langford family take a crazy pill or something?” In the car, Lana watched from a distance, her face showing astonishment. Everything that happened that night was completely unexpected.
“Mr. Ethan, he’s your nephew, after all. Take it easy. You don’t need to beat him to a pulp,” Dustin said with a friendly smile.
Ethan’s face twitched, but he didn’t stop the assault on Hugo. In Ethan’s mind, he was thinking, ” Hang in there, Hugo! I have no choice but to do this. It’ll be over soon.”
Under Ethan’s relentless barrage, Hugo lost consciousness. Someone nearby couldn’t bear to watch any longer and said, “Sir Ethan, please stop. If you keep beating him, Mr. Hugo might not make it.”
Ethan finally paused and grumbled, Hmph! A bastard like him needs a solid lesson!”
He then waved his hand and gave the order. “Someone! Get this bastard out of here. Look after him, and give him family discipline once he’s back on his feet!” With Ethan’s command, the nearly lifeless Hugo was carried away, bloodied and bruised.
“Sorry about that,” Ethan said to Dustin, wearing an apologetic smile. “I didn’t handle this right, leading to this mess. If he had done anything to offend you, please forgive us.”
“No hard feelings,” Dustin replied with a friendly grin.
“I’m not here for payback. I just wanted to have a chat with you.”
“A chat?” Ethan gulped nervously. He couldn’t help but think, “What’s there to talk about? With your status, don’t you have some self-awareness?
“How can things go well for anyone who hangs around with you?” While he complained silently, he managed a forced smile and said, “No worries at all; come on in.”
“Thanks,” Dustin nodded, and with Maximus following, he entered the Langford residence. Outside, Cody, Harper, and Lana were left utterly dumbfounded.
###Chapter 1363 by Marina Vittori
In the living hall inside the Langford residence. Ethan took charge, commanding, ” Everyone, step outside. Only enter when I say so.”
With a gesture, he dismissed his subordinates and servants. Dustin signaled to Maximus. “Why don’t you take a breather in the adjacent hall for a while? I need a word with Mr. Ethan.”
“Sure thing.” Maximus nodded and quickly exited. As the doors closed, the grand living hall was left with only two people- Ethan and Dustin. Now more at ease, Ethan couldn’t resist shedding his formal facade. “Your Grace, what brings you here?”
Dustin’s presence was a sensitive issue, given his role as the heir to the West Lucozian monarchy.
As the imperial court minister, Ethan knew that having a private meeting with Dustin could stir up controversy and accusations of treachery or conspiracy.
“What’s the deal, Mr. Ethan? You’re not about to tell me you’re unhappy to see me?” Dustin asked with a sly grin.
Internally, Ethan rolled his eyes. “Oh, don’t give me that! Do you think I’d welcome bad luck like you? I haven’t lost my mind!”
Still, he maintained the act and said graciously, “Your Grace, your visit brings a touch of grandeur to my humble abode.”
“Is that so?” Dustin poured himself a cup of tea and one for Ethan, who cautiously accepted it. Dustin continued, “I was planning to visit you later, but it seems fate had other ideas, Ethan.”
Ethan’s eye twitched. He silently cursed Hugo but outwardly maintained an honorable demeanor. “I’m curious, Your Grace. What brings you here? How can I assist you?”
Dustin took a sip of tea and smiled. ” I’ve got three important matters on my plate. First, since I just arrived in Oakvale, I’m a bit strapped for cash. Can you help me out?”
Ethan visibly relaxed his shoulders. He was expecting something serious but was taken aback by such a simple request.
“Of course, no problem. I’ll arrange the funds right away. How about three billion? And if that’s not enough, I can get more.”
“Here’s the deal, Mr. Ethan,” Dustin replied. “I have a principle. I’m not a fan of living off other people’s wealth. Money can always run out. Instead of giving me a fish, how about teaching me to fish? What do you say?”
This caught Ethan off guard. “What? If you don’t want money, looking for?” what are you Dustin revealed his intentions, “Is the Golden Balcony under the Langford family’s umbrella? I’ve heard it’s quite a moneymaker. How about handing it over to me?”
Ethan’s eyes widened, and a sudden tightness gripped his chest. “The Golden Balcony?” he gasped. Dustin was aiming for the lion’s share.
The Golden Balcony was the largest casino in South City, pulling in an annual net profit starting at a billion. It was the Langford family’s golden goose. But Dustin didn’t seem interested in money; he had another agenda.
With a wry grin, Dustin added, “The Langford family is financially fine, so giving me the Golden Balcony shouldn’t be a big deal, right?”
Ethan muttered to himself, “Not a big deal? How can you say that with a straight face?” He smiled. “If you like it, there’s no harm in handing the Golden Balcony over to you.”
“Your generosity is truly something, Mr. Ethan. Thanks,” Dustin expressed his gratitude.
“Your Grace, you’re too kind. It’s the least I can do,” Ethan replied through gritted teeth.
“Now, the second matter is straightforward. I just need you to help me locate two specific medicinal herbs, “Dustin said, extending two fingers.
“Oh?” Ethan’s eyes lit up. Afraid Dustin might change his mind, he eagerly said, “This is simple. If you give me the word, I can find two hundred medicinal herbs if necessary.”
###Chapter 1364 by Marina Vittori
“Two will do, no need for two hundred, “Dustin said with a grin. “I’m not sure which two medicinal herbs you’re after, Your Grace. But I’ll have someone start searching right away,” Ethan replied, taking a sip from his teacup.
“It’s pretty simple. I’d like an Iceheart Lotus and an Emerald Corolla,” Dustin said casually. Ethan, who had just taken a sip of tea, couldn’t help but spit it out when he heard that.
His face contorted in shock. “Your Grace, did I hear you right? You’re asking for an Iceheart Lotus and an Emerald Corolla?”
“Exactly.” Dustin nodded. He had brought this up because he was worried about the Welch family’s slow progress in finding these herbs. Cinna’s health was on the line, and there was no time to waste.
He hoped that with the Langford family’s help, it could speed things up. “Do you realize how rare and precious those herbs are?” Ethan asked, his voice quivering.
“Yes, they’re precious, but I trust you could handle this task,” Dustin said with a smile. “Handle it? That’s easy for you to say,” Ethan thought, struggling to keep his frustration in check.
“First, you demanded the Golden Balcony, and now you want two insanely rare and precious herbs. Are you trying to bankrupt the Langford family?”
“Your Grace, if we could buy these with money, it’d be one thing, but precious herbs are exceptionally rare. I’m not sure where we can find them quickly,” Ethan looked concerned.
“Others might struggle, but I have confidence in you, Mr. Ethan,” Dustin said, taking another sip of tea.
“But…” Ethan furrowed his brow and hesitated to respond further.
“Mr. Ethan, have you ever heard about the Curtis family massacre twelve years ago?” Dustin suddenly brought it up.
Ethan’s eyes twitched, and he tensed up involuntarily, although he tried to remain composed. “I’ve heard a bit about it. Why do you ask, Your Grace?”
“Just out of curiosity,” Dustin said, with a meaningful look.
“The Curtis family-dozens massacred in a single night. The Imperial Court investigated for years, but the case remains unsolved. Any thoughts on who the real mastermind might be?”
As he spoke, his gaze remained fixed on Ethan. Ethan’s heart raced under the scrutiny, and he broke out in a cold sweat. He wondered, “Could he somehow know something? No, that’s impossible!
“Our family executed that operation with the utmost secrecy, leaving no witnesses or loose ends. It couldn’t have leaked. “But the issue was, if Logan wasn’t aware of it, why bring it up now?”
With these thoughts, Ethan couldn’t help but swallow hard, and beads of cold sweat formed on his forehead.
He thought, “The Curtis family massacre was a massive deal. If it ever came to light, it would be a devastating blow to the Langford family.”
“Mr. Ethan, let’s get back to the main topic. About the medicinal herbs, is there any issue?” Dustin smiled, seemingly unconcerned.
The West Lucozian monarchy not only housed rare books from all over the world but also held many pieces of incriminating evidence against high- ranking officials. The Langford family’s dark secret was the Curtis family massacre from years ago.
“Of course, no problem,” Ethan said, forcing a smile.
“It’s an honor for our Langfords to assist Your Grace.”
“Thank you, Mr. Ethan, for being willing to help.” Dustin nodded.
“Now, let’s discuss the last matter. To be honest, my trip to Oakvale is to fulfill a long-cherished wish. But my current abilities are limited, and I need your assistance.”
“Your Grace, you’re too kind. Please tell us what you need,” Ethan said, with a lingering touch of unease.
“It’s quite simple. I want the Langford family to investigate privately the truth behind my mother’s death many years ago.
“I want to uncover the real mastermind!” Dustin’s eyes suddenly became sharp and determined.
###Chapter 1365 by Marina Vittori
“What?!” Dustin’s request hit Ethan like a bolt of lightning, instantly draining the color from his face. Ethan knew the Purple City rebellion from ten years ago was taboo.
The death of the Princess Consort of West Lucozia, still a mystery, wasn’t because of its unsolvability but the collective reluctance to investigate it.
Even the once-mighty Prince of West Lucozia had to shut down any inquiries, leaving the truth buried. Who, in their right mind, would dare to address it?
Despite the royal family’s assurance to uncover those responsible for the Purple City rebellion, the issue gradually receded from the public eye.
This silence suggested that the elusive masterminds behind the rebellion held significant influence. Also, this matter involved the highest imperial authority.
The Langford family might be wealthy and influential but not on the same level as the top royal relatives. So, when Ethan heard Dustin’s request, it rattled him. He was uneasy and downright scared.
Dustin’s tone softened, and he tried to reassure Ethan, “There’s no need to stress out. I’m not asking you to risk your life. Why so jittery?”
Ethan replied, genuinely concerned, Your Grace, I can vouch for the first two conditions, but the last matter is beyond me. You know the ten-year-old taboo; it could cause another huge upheaval.”
Dustin then asked, “Remember when my mother helped your family out in the past?”
Ethan hesitated for a moment. Years ago, the Langford family was in big trouble due to a momentary lapse in judgment. They sought help from the mighty Prince of West Lucozia, but he didn’t want to get involved.
It was the Princess Consort of West Lucozia who convinced him to save the Langfords from disaster. That favor meant a lot to Ethan.
“It seems you haven’t forgotten,” Dustin said with a faint smile. “My mother did kind deeds expecting nothing in return. I’m different. I intend to claim what’s owed to me.
“Mr. Ethan, my mother saved over a hundred lives in your family. Don’t you think it’s fair to repay that debt?”
Ethan fell silent upon hearing this. He held his teacup with both hands and said nothing for a while, his eyes reflecting his inner turmoil.
Dustin poured more tea and said calmly, “I’m not asking you to seek revenge for my mother. I just want your discreet help in investigating the past. Is that too much to ask?!!
Ethan’s hand, holding the teacup, trembled slightly, creating ripples in the tea. It mirrored the turmoil within him..
After thinking for a while, he took a deep breath, steadied his hands, and allowed the tea to settle. “Okay, I agree. There were no more words, just a straightforward affirmation. The gratitude for saving his family left him no other choice. He could only offer his limited support to Dustin.
“Thanks, Mr. Ethan,” Dustin said sincerely. Ethan replied, “Your Grace, there is no need for formalities. It’s the least I can do. My help only goes so far.”
Ethan couldn’t take on seeking revenge for the princess consort, and he didn’t have the ability. He could only support Dustin behind the scenes and repay the favor from the past.
Dustin smiled. “That’s enough. At least it confirms my mother made the right choice when she saved you.”
Ethan nodded. “Yes…”
Dustin continued, “It’s getting late, Mr. Ethan. I won’t keep you any longer. If you find any relevant information, please get in touch.”
He exchanged contact details with Ethan before leaving. To make a place in Oakvale and find the truth, Dustin needed support from these influential noble families. Otherwise, he couldn’t avenge his mother on his own.
###Chapter 1366 by Marina Vittori
Dustin had a plan that involved not just the Langford family but also some powerful allies. He knew he needed enough support to take on the mastermind behind the Purple City rebellion.
Meanwhile, two cars were parked outside the Langford residence, one behind the other. Lana, looking exhausted, lounged in the back seat. A cigarette in hand, lit but untouched. She let the breeze extinguish it slowly, her mind wandering.
Dustin had been inside the Langford residence for almost two hours, and there was no sign of activity. Did something go wrong?
Ethan’s earlier actions were surprising, but it might have been all a show for outsiders. Once inside the Langford residence, with no witnesses, he could easily deal with anyone.
As Lana contemplated this, she couldn’t shake an unsettling feeling of unease. She couldn’t understand why she was so concerned about Dustin, someone she had just met.
Was it merely because of his striking appearance and unique personality? Suddenly, a car pulled up in front of them, and the windows rolled down to reveal Cody and Harper.
“Still waiting here, Ms. Camron? You should head back and get some rest,” Cody said with a smirk.
“Dustin is pretty bold, walking into the lion’s den. I’d bet he’s met his end, and we won’t even find his body.”
Lana shot back, “Hmph! You said the same thing earlier, but what happened then? He walked out of the Golden Balcony unscathed.”
“Golden Balcony can’t compare to the Langford residence.” Cody sneered.
“This place is swarming with tough guys. Once Dustin steps in, it’s game over. Don’t be fooled by Mr. Ethan’s polite act; it’s all a cover.”
“That’s right! Dustin gave Hugo a beating, and now he’s dead meat. Your little boy toy won’t make it out alive!” Harper gloated.
Lana furrowed her brow but kept her response to herself. Out of nowhere, a figure approached Cody’s car and lightly knocked on the window, startling Harper and Cody.
Dustin had somehow appeared outside their car, smiling at them mysteriously. His gleaming white teeth, illuminated by the moonlight, seemed intimidating.
“Yo-You’re not dead?” Harper stared wide-eyed in disbelief. Cody, too, looked like he’d seen a ghost. He wondered, “What’s going on? Dustin caused chaos at the Golden Balcony and assaulted Hugo. Why would the Langford family let him go?”
Dustin smirked. “Disappointed that I’m still alive?”
Cody cautiously asked, “How did you escape the Langford family’s clutches?”
Dustin replied casually, “What could they do to me? It was Hugo who was overbearing and abusive, abusing his power.
“I was just seeking justice. Luckily, Mr. Ethan is rational. He gave Hugo a harsh lesson after learning the truth.”
Cody and Harper both chimed in, “And then?”
Dustin shrugged. “He invited us for tea, apologized, and compensated us for the trouble. Then he had us escorted out.”
“That’s it?” Cody and Harper had wide eyes in disbelief.
“Just like that,” Dustin replied with indifference.
The two exchanged puzzled glances. When did Ethan become so generous? Hugo and his men got beaten up, and instead of seeking revenge, Ethan treated Dustin politely and even compensated him for their troubles.
Could there be something off about Ethan’s judgment?
###Chapter 1367 by Marina Vittori
Harper and Cody exchanged bewildered glances, completely thrown off by Ethan’s strange behavior. They silently questioned, “Is it really wise to respond to hostility with kindness? Are those high-society types really willing to risk their honor?”
Dustin smiled faintly. “I’ve patched things up with the Langford family. Let’s put our issues on the table.”
Harper and Cody couldn’t help but notice that Dustin’s smile seemed rather insincere. Cody tried to lighten the mood. ” Dustin, this mess isn’t my doing. I’m a victim here, too. I’ve been waiting by the door, worried about your safety.”
But deep down, he couldn’t help but think, “This guy’s nuts! He even dared to face off with Hugo. I’d be in for trouble if I crossed him.”
Dustin added, “We can deal with our stuff later. Right now, I need to talk to her.”
He pointed toward Harper through the car window. Growing anxious, Harper urged, “Cody, let’s get out of here, now!”
“You want to run?” Maximus snorted. He punched through the car window. Then, he forcefully yanked the steering wheel and sent it flying and crashing into the Langford residence wall. Cody stared at his now-wheel-less car, nearly in tears. He muttered, “My brand -new car!”
Harper was equally stunned and struggled for words. She wonders if anyone could really tear off a steering wheel like that.
With a stern expression, Dustin turned to Harper. “Harper, I rarely resort to violence against women, but your actions tonight have been infuriating.
“You lured me out with a phone call, only to spring a trap with Cody. I might be dead now if it weren’t for my luck.”
Harper, not one to back down, retorted, “Why blame me? I have done nothing wrong. It’s your fault!” Dustin sneered in response. “My fault? Someone like you defies reason, and I’m not here to argue.
“I just want to know one thing: What’s the story behind Mr. Shaffer? If you tell me the truth, I can pretend nothing happened.”
Harper, trying to be difficult, turned her head away and challenged, “Why should I tell you?”
Dustin replied with a cool smile, “If you don’t, I’ll make you disappear from the face of the Earth.”
Harper threatened, “You-How dare you! I’m not someone to mess with. Lay a finger on me, and you’ll regret it!” Dustin turned to Maximus and calmly instructed, “Show her what we’re capable of.”
“Sure thing.” Maximus grinned widely, reaching inside to grab Harper’s hair and forcefully drag her out of the car.
“Ah! Let go! Let go!” Harper struggled and screamed but couldn’t escape Maximus’ firm grip.
With a sinister smile, Dustin took out a green bottle. He held it in front of Harper and said, ” I’ve got a bottle of poison that can make your skin ulcerate, your muscles rot, and ensure they never recover.
Think about the consequences if it spills on your face.”
Panicking, Harper exclaimed, “Rhys, don’t do anything rash! I’m Dr. Busch’s granddaughter!”
Seeing Dustin’s lack of response, she immediately turned to Cody for help. ” Cody! Help me, please!”
“Dust-” Cody wanted to say something but, with one stern, silent glance from Dustin, held his tongue.
He couldn’t help but think, “Dustin is too ruthless.”
###Chapter 1368 by Marina Vittori
Don’t pick a fight you can’t handle.
“Think fast. If you don’t spill the beans, I’m going to use this poison for your extreme makeover.” As he spoke, Dustin unscrewed the bottle. He held it threateningly over Harper’s head.
“No, please! Don’t mess up my face!” Harper’s legs turned to jelly as tears streamed down his face. She pleaded, “Okay, okay, I’ll talk. Just put that thing away!”
“It would’ve been easier if you’d started with that,” Dustin said, putting the bottle away. After all, someone like Harper never changed unless she was backed against the wall. Harper gasped for air and composed herself. In a shaky voice, she began.
The story about Cinna goes back a few years. “One day, a stranger suddenly showed up at our door and chatted with my grandpa. I overheard a bit through the door.
“It turns out this stranger is the one who saved Cinna ten years ago.”
“Wait! Wasn’t it Dr. Busch who saved Mr. Shaffer?” Dustin interjected. “This stranger brought the critically injured Cinna to Harmony Healers. So, my grandpa treated him.
“What’s more, this stranger would drop by occasionally to secretly check Cinna’s condition,” Harper clarified.
“So, who is this stranger?” Dustin’s expression turned serious. He’d always thought Brooke saved Cinna, but it seemed there was more to the story.
“I don’t know,” Harper shook her head..
“I’ve never seen the stranger’s face directly. Whenever he visited, my grandpa told me to go somewhere else. I was just curious that day, so I eavesdropped.”
“And what did you hear?” Dustin inquired. “I overheard this stranger telling my grandpa that Cinna’s identity had to be protected at all costs. If anyone comes looking for Cinna, my grandpa should inform this stranger immediately to avoid any unexpected trouble,” Harper replied.
Dustin furrowed his brow upon hearing this. It was clear that Brooke was keeping a secret or hadn’t completely trusted Dustin yet. The pressing question now was who this mysterious person was.
He’d saved Cinna, brought him to Brooke for treatment, and was taking serious precautions. Dustin had a gut feeling that finding this mysterious person would uncover the truth about the events from years ago.
“Is there any more information?” Dustin asked again. “Oh, yeah! I remember my grandpa referring to this person as Mr. Judd!” Harper suddenly remembered.
“Mr. Judd?”
Dustin pondered. As far as he knew, there was neither a prominent Judd family in Oakvale nor any high- ranking officials with the Judd surname. So, who was this, Mr. Judd?
“I-I only know this much, nothing more,” Harper said nervously. Dustin stared at Harper for a few seconds, making sure she wasn’t lying. “Okay, based on the information you’ve given, I won’t hold today’s events against you.
“But in the future, you both better behave. If you try any more sneaky stuff, don’t blame me for cutting ties.”
Harper nodded earnestly, though a hint of resentment flashed in her eyes. “Ms. Camron …” Dustin walked over to Lana’s car now that the score was settled.
“I appreciate your help today, but I’ll have to ask for a ride. It’s getting late, and finding a cab won’t be easy.”
“No problem,” Lana replied with a charming smile.
She patted the seat next to her. ”
C’mon, handsome, join me in the passenger seat.
“And by the way, you looked pretty fierce, scolding that bitch just now. I liked it. “How about spending the night at my place? My bed is big and soft. I guarantee you won’t want to leave.”
Dustin suddenly felt like he was walking into the lion’s den.
###Chapter 1369 by Marina Vittori
The following morning, Dustin was in a cozy, secluded villa. He sat on the bed with his legs crossed, focused on his training. When the sun rose, he slowly opened his eyes.
His martial arts cultivation was ascending at a breathtaking pace. He didn’t need to work hard and train, empowered by the Celestial Pearl.
The Celestial Pearl automatically helped him to absorb spiritual energy, constantly improving his powers. The better his natural talents, the more powerful the Celestial Pearl’s effects.
In less than a month, Dustin was close to becoming an ultimate grandmaster. He could break through to the next level anytime.
Still, he chose to be patient and focus on building a solid foundation. After all, he had half a year left before his decisive year-long agreement with Nestor ended.
Suddenly, his phone rang, and he retrieved it from beneath his pillow. Brooke’s voice on the other end sounded urgent. “Hey Dustin, I’ve run into some trouble. I need your help.”
Dustin asked in concern. “Is Mr. Shaffer in trouble?”
“No, it’s not about Mr. Shaffer,” Brooke clarified. “It’s about Mr. Welch Senior. Yesterday, he fell seriously ill out of the blue.
“The Welch family called in all the top doctors in South City, including me. We tried everything, but we can’t figure out what’s wrong.”
Dustin was surprised. “What kind of mysterious illness could stump you?”
To Dustin, Brooke should be able to handle complex illnesses. After all, Brooke could keep Cinna alive for the past decade.
“I suspect it might be some kind of witchcraft, but I’m unsure. It definitely doesn’t look like any ordinary illness,” Brooke whispered.
“Witchcraft? Are you sure?” Dustin arched an eyebrow. “I’m not entirely sure; it’s just a hunch. Given your expertise in the occult, I thought you could come and take a look.
“You mentioned needing Dragon Panax from the Welch family, right? If you can cure Mr. Welch Senior, getting the other herbs should be a breeze.”
“Alright, I’m on my way.” Dustin kept his response short and ended the call. Though he had secured Dragon Panax, he still needed the Iceheart Lotus and Emerald Corolla.
Dustin realized that saving Welch Senior’s life wasn’t just necessary for obtaining the herb he needed. It was also crucial for his long-term plans. If he allied with the Welch family, it could give him a strong foothold in Oakvale and help him achieve his goal.
Inside the Welch residence, Welch Senior lay on a bed, his appearance pale and frail. His lips were stained with blood. Thick ropes were tied tightly around him to restrain him during his hysteria. A group of doctors stood near the door, hesitant to get too close to Welch Senior.
Just half an hour ago, Welch Senior had undergone a startling transformation. He had displayed an unnatural burst of strength, injuring two bodyguards and biting off their ears before eating it.
His behavior was terrifying, leaving those who saw it deeply unsettled.
After a brief pause, Brooke cautiously approached the bed to check Welch Senior’s condition. He sighed in relief before swiftly exiting the room.
“Dr. Busch, how is my father? Is he okay?” Alistair Welch, the eldest son of the Welch family, asked. His wife, Joanne, his daughter, Eleanor, and several members of the Welch family looked at Brooke in expectation.
###Chapter 1370 by Marina Vittori
“Mr. Welch Senior seems stable for now, but this bizarre sickness has us scratching our heads. I’m sorry to admit, I can’t help much,” Brooke sighed.
Alistair implored, “Dr. Busch, you’re one of the best doctors in South City. Please find a way to heal my Dad, and don’t worry about expenses. We will do whatever it takes to get him back on his feet.”
“Mr. Welch,” Brooke replied gravely.” The symptoms your father is displaying don’t seem like an illness to me. It looks like he’s bewitched.”
“Bewitched?”
The word left the Welch family members bewildered. Hearing this from a doctor sounded absurd.
“Dr. Busch, what do you mean by that? Please explain?” Alistair probed. Brooke clarified, “When I say bewitched,’ I’m referring to practices like witchcraft, sorcery, dark spells, and the like.
“My knowledge in these areas is limited. I mainly read about it from books, so it’s just a guess.”
“You mean something like voodoo and dark spells?” Alistair furrowed his brow. He wouldn’t believe this from just anyone, but Brooke’s reputation spoke for itself. After all, Alistair had heard of such things before.
Eleanor, her eyes red and teary, interrupted, “Dr. Busch, you’re a medical genius. There’s gotta be something you can do for Grandpa, right?”
“I might be a medical expert,” Brooke admitted, shaking his head. “But this is way out of my league.”
Medicine and black magic are different fields.
“But what can we do? Grandpa is getting weaker by the day, and his life is in danger,” Eleanor sobbed.
“I know someone knowledgeable in this area,” Brooke suddenly offered.
“Who is it?” Alistair perked up.
“It’s-”
“Of course, it’s me!”
A booming voice interrupted Brooke. Everyone turned to see the charismatic Ezra, accompanied by a mysterious figure in black, walking confidently toward them.
“Hello, Uncle Alistair, Aunt Joanne,” Ezra greeted the Welch family elders politely.
“Ezra! What are you doing here? You’re not welcome here!” Eleanor’s face hardened, clearly displeased.
“After hearing about Mr. Welch Senior’s strange sickness, I brought in a specialist,” he replied confidently, ignoring her hostility.
“Hmph! Who asked for your help? You’re putting your nose where it shouldn’t be!” she huffed and turned away. “Eleanor, mind your manners,” Alistair scolded his daughter.
Then, he turned back to Ezra, relief in his tone. “Ezra, you mean well, but my dad’s condition is not something a doctor can cure.
“Uncle Alistair, the person I’ve brought is not a doctor but a gifted individual.” Ezra smiled and gestured to the black- clad figure beside him.
“Let me introduce you to Sir Crane, renowned in the martial world for his expertise in mystical and occult arts. He can easily tackle any mysterious sickness.
“Oh, really?” Alistair’s spirits lifted.
“If you doubt it, Uncle Alistair, let Sir Crane show you,” Ezra suggested. Theodore quickly understood and took out a paper crane from his pocket, presenting it to the group. He muttered an incantation and tapped the paper crane. “Fly!”
As the word left his mouth, a miraculous scene unfolded before them. The paper crane in his hand seemed to come to life.
Its wings flapped, and it flew in the air. It was like a movie scene as the crane circled above their heads, performing three graceful loops. Finally, it fluttered its wings and landed safely in Theodore’s palm.
It left everyone in awe and speechless.
###Chapter 1371 by Marina Vittori
“Wow! That’s amazing! He could make the paper crane fly?”
“Is this the occult expert they were talking about? This is truly impressive!”
The display by Theodore left the Welch family in awe. They’d only heard about such things in stories but had never seen them in real life. “What do you think? Now, do you believe in Sir Crane’s abilities?” Ezra said proudly.
“Wow, that’s what you call a true master!” Alistair exclaimed with a newfound respect. He thought, “If Dad is truly under some sort of spell, then only someone with extraordinary abilities could cure him.”
“But it’s just a simple trick, really, nothing much,” Theodore remarked casually, appearing humble.
“The crane trick we just saw is just a small part of his skills. Sir Crane has more in store for us. Let’s eagerly await the next performance,” Ezra added.
“That’s great.” Alistair nodded with a smile. “Eleanor, you don’t need to worry. With Sir Crane here, Grandpa will be fine.”
Ezra smiled smugly. But Eleanor responded dismissively with a huff and averted her gaze. Ezra looked embarrassed for a second but quickly covered it up.
Instead, he looked at Brooke and said nonchalantly, “Dr. Busch, I heard you mention that you know another occult expert. Is this person possibly more skilled than Sir Crane?”
Ezra had been eyeing the Harmony Healers for a while, but Brooke’s resistance was a thorn in his side.
“Well…” Brooke hesitated, feeling cornered. “Sir Crane is unmatched in his mastery of the occult.”
“If you’re not up to the task, there’s no need to be embarrassed that you can’t. We’ll leave Mr. Welch Senior’s strange sickness to Sir Crane,” Ezra said, implying that Brooke was inadequate.
Brooke furrowed his brow but quickly regained his composure. In the end, he said nothing since he knew he couldn’t afford to provoke someone of Ezra’s stature.
“Mr. Swanson, don’t jump to conclusions so fast. We don’t know who’s making a fool of themselves yet. A calm voice chimed in suddenly.
Everyone turned to the source of the voice and saw a casually dressed, handsome young man strolling over. It was none other than Dustin.
“Dustin!” Eleanor’s face lit up with joy as she rushed to greet him. “Why are you here?” “I heard from Dr. Busch that your grandfather is suffering from a strange sickness, so I came to have a look,” Dustin said with a smile.
“Oh, so you’re the occult expert that Dr. Busch mentioned?” Eleanor quickly realized. “I wouldn’t call myself an expert, just someone who knows a bit about occult, “Dustin modestly replied.
“Ha! You know just a little, and yet you’re showing off? Aren’t you afraid of making a fool of yourself?” Ezra sneered.
Since the incident at the Imperial Oasis Club the day before, Ezra had held a grudge against Dustin. This resentment prompted him to ask Sheehan for help by involving Theodore.
But as Ezra was about to take his revenge, an unexpected crisis hit the Welch family. Hence, Ezra quickly brought in Theodore to gain their favor. What Ezra didn’t expect was Dustin showing up; it ruined his plans now!
“Look at Mr. Swanson’s expression,” Dustin said, a sly smile on his lips. “It seems like he’s not very pleased. How about we continue the game from yesterday?”
“You-” Ezra’s temper flared briefly. He wanted to retort, but his concern for his image kept him in check. Dustin dared to provoke Ezra, pushing his patience to the brink.
“Who is this?” Alistair seemed puzzled.
“Dad, this is Dustin Rhys, a doctor who once saved my life. Now, he’s a dear friend of mine.” Eleanor spoke. She intentionally cast a glance toward Ezra as if bragging.
###Chapter 1372 by Marina Vittori
Ezra’s brows furrowed as he looked at Dustin bitterly,
“Ah, so you’re Dustin,” Alistair said, recognizing Dustin. After all, the recent family event, especially the Dew Balm formula debacle, was still fresh in his mind.
“Mr. Welch, I heard that your father is suffering from hysteria. Would you mind if I take a look?” Dustin offered with genuine concern. Alistair eyed the young Dustin skeptically. “You?”
He thought, “Dr. Busch may have recommended you, but you don’t exactly strike me as an expert.”
“Dustin, that’s kind of you, but we already have Sir Crane helping us. No need for you to trouble yourself,” Joanne interjected.
“Did you hear that? With Sir Crane here, we don’t need you,” Ezra added with a sneer.
“Young man, don’t play around when a person’s life is at stake. It’s no time for you to fool around,” Theodore warned sternly.
“Dustin, let it be.” Brooke shook his head. He knew that saying anything now wasn’t wise. “Very well. Since Sir Crane is so confident, I won’t insist. Please, go ahead.” Dustin gestured, yielding. If Theodore could truly cure Welch Senior, Dustin was content with that.
“Hmph! At least you know your place.” Theodore glanced indifferently at Dustin before entering Welch Senior’s room. Soon, the others followed suit. They walked quietly and cautiously.
“What is this?” Theodore scanned the room, his brows furrowing in displeasure. “Why is Mr. Welch Senior tied up? Don’t you know this will interfere with treatment? Untie him immediately!”
“Sir Crane, you may not be aware of the full situation. When my dad’s condition takes a dark turn, he becomes uncontrollable and aggressive. We had no choice but to restrain him,” Alistair explained. The memories of his father’s violent fits still haunted him.
“Don’t worry. With me here, Mr. Welch Senior won’t pose a threat. Please, untie him,” Theodore assured them confidently. Alistair hesitated momentarily, then glanced at Joanne, who gave a confirming nod.
“Untie my dad!”
“Right away, sir,” The two Welch family members responded in unison. They quickly untie Welch Senior.
“Sir Crane, untying Mr. Welch Senior might not be a wise move. If his hysteria happens, you could be in danger,” Dustin cautioned.
“Ridiculous! I’ve faced much bigger challenges. A mere hysteria won’t trouble me.” Crane scoffed.
“Dustin, you may be inexperienced, but Sir Crane isn’t. Observe and learn. Maybe you’ll learn something valuable, Ezra taunted.
“Is that so? I’ll be watching closely, then,” Dustin replied with a shrug, choosing not to engage further. Once the restraints were removed, Theodore approached the Welch Senior. He examined Welch Senior’s eyes, mouth, tongue, and teeth and conducted a basic examination on him..
“If I’m not mistaken, the patient has fallen prey to witchcraft, which has disturbed his mind and triggered these bouts of hysteria,” Theorore stated.
Impressed, Alistair praised him and inquired, “Well done, as expected of a real expert. Is there a solution to it, Sir Crane?”
“A mere lower-level witchcraft won’t pose any challenge. I’ll easily dispel it with a talisman,” Theodore replied casually. Then, he took out a yellow talisman paper adorned with mysterious symbols from his pouch.
“Amazing!” Alistair exclaimed, his eyes lighting up. “Sir Crane, please proceed with the treatment. Afterward, we will reward you handsomely.”
“Of course.” Theodore nodded in satisfaction. He teasingly pointed the talisman at Dustin. “Young man, pay close attention as I break this malevolent spell.”
He confidently slapped the yellow talisman paper onto Welch Senior’s forehead. Suddenly, Welch Senior’s body jerked, and he opened his eyes.
###Chapter 1373 by Marina Vittori
“Oh my God! Mr. Welch Senior is finally awake!”
“Wow, that occult expert lives up to his name!”
“Just one talisman, and voila, the magic happens!” Surprisingly, Theodore’s talisman worked like a charm, and Welch Senior’s eyes snapped open. The Welch family members couldn’t contain their joy and amazement.
Ezra chimed in with a smug grin,” 11 Haha! See? I told you the occult expert I brought over wouldn’t disappoint.”
Alistair nodded in agreement, “Sir Crane, your occult skills are truly incredible. We are genuinely impressed.
“Absolutely remarkable, Sir Crane!”
The Welch family members were in awe, looking at Theodore with respect. Theodore’s extraordinary abilities shattered their preconceptions and shed light on the power of occult techniques.
“Well, punk, are you impressed?” Theodore sneered at Dustin arrogantly. Even though they were knowledgeable in the same field, he viewed Dustin as inferior to him.
However, Dustin cautioned Theodore,” Sir Crane, just be careful. I have a hunch this situation may be trickier than it looks.”
Theodore responded condescendingly, “Humph! You’re clearly ignorant of what ‘breaking a curse with a single talisman’ means. Do you even understand the depth of ‘occult expertise? Or how about-Ahhh!”
Before he could finish his sentence, Welch Senior sprang up. He lunged at Theodore, chomping down on his ear, blood spraying from the wound. Theodore howled in agony, his face twisted in pain as blood spilled.
With a sinister grin, Welch Senior continued to bite and chew on Theodore’s severed ear. At that moment, Welch Senior resembled a deranged, bloodthirsty creature.
“Quick! Get him off me!” Theodore shouted. His voice was filled with panic as he struggled to free himself from Welch Senior.
Unfortunately, Welch Senior’s astounding strength kept Theodore in an unrelenting grip. It resembled an octopus trapping its prey, and Theodore couldn’t break free.
The sudden, horrifying twist of events shocked everyone. They didn’t expect Welch Senior to suddenly attack Theodore so viciously. Furthermore, it seemed that Theodore’s talisman had failed. Amidst the chaos, Welch Senior bit into Theodore’s face and ripped off a chunk of flesh.
“Ah!” Theodore’s earlier confidence and arrogance vanished as he screamed in agony. “What are you all waiting for? Help me shake this lunatic off!”
“Hurry up! Help Sir Crane!” Alistair’s voice was filled with urgency as he ordered the members of the Welch family to help Theodore. Despite their best efforts, they couldn’t pry Welch Senior’s hands apart.
Suddenly, Welch Senior laughed manically, his eyes filled with fury. He focused on Theodore’s neck and lunged to bite again.
“Get out of the way!” At that moment, Dustin sprang into action. He swiftly approached and tapped Welch Senior’s forehead with one finger.
Welch Senior’s body shuddered, his eyes closed, and he passed out. Only then did the Welch family members manage to pry Welch Senior’s hands away and lay him on the bed.
Meanwhile, Theodore was in a terrible state. His face was covered in blood, and his hair was messy.
###Chapter 1374 by Marina Vittori
Theodore’s demeanor had taken a dramatic shift from his earlier arrogance.
“Doctor! Where’s the doctor? Get me some bandages!” He cried for help, terrified.
Alistair, Brooke, and the others exchanged perplexed glances at Theodore’s frantic behavior. This wasn’t what they had expected at all. What happened to the occult expert’s dignified image?
“He’s mad! Mr. Welch Senior is insane! He bit my ear off and ate my flesh! Why on earth isn’t he tied up?” Theodore shouted as he received medical treatment.
“Sir Crane, I mentioned earlier that my dad tends to become aggressive due to his strange illness,” Alistair explained.
“Aggressive? This goes beyond aggression. It’s outright cannibaliona.!
Theodore’s composure was falling apart.
“Sir Crane, you’ve been injured. How about taking a breather?” Ezra cleared his throat, looking uncomfortable.
He had brought Theodore here to win the Welch family’s favor and strengthen their relations, not to create an embarrassing spectacle.
“Oh, what rotten luck,” Theodore grumbled as he sat down to be treated. “Sir Crane, it seems that your talisman didn’t do the trick,” Dustin quipped with a smirk.
“What do you know? It was just a fluke. I’ll give it another go tomorrow; I’ll definitely succeed!” Theodore declared confidently.
“Seriously? Another shot and you might just end up having more than your face disfigured,” Dustin remarked nonchalantly.
“Who do you think you are? How dare you look down on me?” Theodore jumped up, his blood boiling. But his sudden move aggravated his injury, making him wince in pain.
The whole scene struck everyone as comical. So much for the occult expert; he looked anything but impressive now.
“Ease up on the wisecracks, Dustin. Even if Sir Crane had a little hiccup, it’s not your place to decide,” Ezra said sternly.
“So, do you still want to heal him or not? If not, I’m going to give it a shot,” Dustin responded coolly. “You? Do you have what it takes?” Ezra sneered.
“You don’t know what you’re dealing with!” Theodore snorted.
“You think you can solve something I couldn’t handle with my talisman? Dream on.”
“Only one way to find out. Let’s see if I’ve got what it takes,” Dustin said confidently.
“Fine! Since you’re so eager to step up, I’ll give you a shot to prove yourself,” Theodore retorted with a chilly smile. He thought, “Hmph! His embarrassing failure can cover up for my previous hiccup.”
“Dustin… Are you sure?” Alistair asked cautiously. He pondered whether Dustin could succeed when Theodore had previously failed in curing his father’s strange illness.
“Mr. Welch, given the current situation, it couldn’t get any worse, could it?” Dustin answered without giving Alistair a clear answer.
“That’s true. Please proceed then,” Alistair agreed, nodding.
After all, there wasn’t much choice. The Welch family had to try anything at this point. Dustin approached the sickbed and started his examination of Welch Senior’s condition.
Then, he explained, “Regular witchcraft would only make someone weak and unconscious. Instances like Mr. Welch Senior’s sudden hysteria are quite uncommon.”
With a steady tone, he elaborated, “The only plausible explanation is the presence of an unusual nearby controlling his body.”
“Hah! Are you trying to impress the crowd?” Ezra jeered. “Yeah! Do you take them as fools?” Theodore added dismissively.
“Found it!” Dustin suddenly exclaimed, his eyes lighting up as he reached beneath the mattress.
###Chapter 1375 by Marina Vittori
“Found it?” His words piqued everyone’s interest, and all eyes focused on Dustin’s hand. From beneath the mattress, he pulled out a black silk pouch. He opened it and pulled out a red crystal necklace.
The crystal was circular, with a deep crimson hue that was eerily similar to blood. It was also engraved with peculiar symbols.
“What’s this? Why was it under Mr. Welch Senior’s bed?”
The members of the Welch family exchanged confused looks. “This is called a blood gem.” Dustin lifted the crimson necklace, his gaze fixed upon it.
“It’s used as a medium for witchcraft, and it has a rather eerie backstory. Legend has it that when someone passes away, this gem is placed in their mouth.
“As the person breaths their last breath, it begins a bizarre journey down their throat and diffuses into their bloodstream.
“For a century, it soaks up the essence of their blood, ultimately becoming this unique, enchanting blood gem. “They’re quite rare and incredibly valuable. It was highly sought after by many sorcerers and witches for its ability to enhance spells and incantations.
“Fortunately, we discovered it in time. Otherwise, in just three days, Mr. Welch Senior would have been beyond saving.”
Dustin’s words left the members of the Welch family puzzled. No one had anticipated that such a sinister would be hidden beneath Welch Senior’s mattress. It was evident that someone did this.
Dustin looked at Alistair and hinted,” Mr. Welch, it’s not something an outsider could easily pull off- sneaking into Mr. Welch Senior’s room and hiding that blood gem under his bed.”
“I understand.”Alistair nodded, connecting the dots. Realizing that this was likely the work of someone within the family, he was determined to investigate the matter thoroughly.
“Hmph! You could be making all of this up. How do we know if what you’re saying is true?” Ezra expressed his skepticism.
“If you doubt me, Mr. Swanson, how about you wear it for a few days?” Dustin handed the blood gem over to Ezra.
“What are you doing? Keep that thing away from me!” Ezra hurriedly stepped back as if he would get bewitched by that gem.
“Dustin, we’ll handle the investigation of the blood gem. Right now, the main concern is whether or not you can cure my father-in-law’s illness,” Joanne remarked calmly.
“Of course I can.” Dustin took out his silver needles and began to insert them into Mr. Welch Senior’s Spirit Gate Point, Kidney 1 acupoint, Kidney 2 acupoint, and Heart 7 acupoint.
With a flick of his finger, the needles vibrated as he channeled his pure energy into them, which flowed into Welch Senior’s body.
After a moment, Welch Senior’s tense expression relaxed, his muscles loosened, and a flush of color returned to his pallid face. Three minutes later, Dustin took out the silver needles.
“That’s it?” Joanne furrowed her brows, her skepticism evident.
“Pretty much.” Dustin nodded, Then, he explained, “You see, witchcraft is a peculiar manifestation of energy. It’s a bit like poison, but it doesn’t harm the body.
“Instead, it goes after the victim’s spirit energy. The strength of their spirit energy can provide resilience against witchcraft.
“On the other hand, those who are frail and unwell are more vulnerable to its influence.
“If my guess is correct, Mr. Welch Senior hasn’t been in the best health, has he?”
###Chapter 1376 by Marina Vittori
“That’s true! Grandpa tends to get sick often, and each time, he ends up bedridden!” Eleanor nodded enthusiastically.
“So, this situation has given the spellcaster an opportunity,” Dustin said with a faint grin. “Honestly, healing Mr. Welch Senior is pretty easy. We just have to rid him of that blood gem and assist him in replenishing his energy. Soon, he’ll be fine.
“I just performed acupuncture to help him sleep soundly and ease his restlessness. I’ll also give him a remedy to calm his mind. With rest, he should recover in about ten days.”
“Is that it? Are you for real?” Ezra asked skeptically. “What if you’re trying to pull a fast one on us?”
Dustin raised an eyebrow, and he said earnestly, “I’m serious. If we didn’t find that blood gem, Mr. Welch Senior’s condition would have deteriorated.”
Joanne chimed in, her concern evident, “We don’t fully understand what you’re saying, but we’re hoping he can wake up soon.”
“Mr. Welch Senior has just dozed off, and he needs some rest right now. We shouldn’t disturb him; it could mess things up,” Dustin explained.
“Humph! You’ve said a whole bunch, but why should we trust you? We need a clear answer right now. When will Mr. Welch Senior wake up?” Ezra persisted.
“He’ll recover swiftly; he should be awake by tonight, or at the latest, by tomorrow,” Dustin responded.
“Fine! We’ll give it one more day. If Mr. Welch Senior isn’t awake by tomorrow, you’ll be accused of murder!” Ezra declared.
“Whatever you said.” Dustin shrugged, not appearing fazed by Ezra’s threats. To him, Ezra was nothing more than a fool, not worth his concern.
“Dr. Rhys, you’ve been a tremendous help. You should rest here today, and let us extend our hospitality.” Alistair smiled.
Without waiting for Dustin’s refusal, he ordered, “Prepare a room for Dr. Rhys with some food and drinks; don’t keep him waiting!”
“Mr. Welch, I’m grateful for your generosity. I’ll accept your offer,” Dustin replied with a faint smile. He understood that Alistair’s intention in keeping him was due to his lack of trust.
He thought, “If Mr. Welch Senior wakes up tomorrow, everything will be fine. But if he doesn’t, that will be a different situation.”
“Eleanor, show Dustin around and help him get acquainted with the place,” Joanne said.
“Okay!” Eleanor smiled sweetly. “Dustin, let’s go. I’ll show you around the garden.” With that, she took his hand and led him outside.
“Eleanor…”
Seeing this, Ezra quickly stepped in their way. He had a flattering smile and said, ‘I’d like to talk to you. Can you spare a few minutes?”
“No!” Eleanor’s expression stiffened.” Get out of the way!” “Eleanor, I just need five minutes. I’ll leave once I’m done,” Ezra pleaded anxiously.
“I won’t listen! Move aside!” Eleanor forcefully stomped on Ezra’s foot. When he cried out in pain, she swiftly pulled Dustin away.
“Eleanor! Hey!” Ezra winced in pain and hobbled after them. Once they were gone, Alistair whispered to his wife. “Joanne, do you believe that guy’s words?”
“I only believe part of it,” she responded indifferently. “Dustin has an unclear background, and his origins are mysterious. By getting close to our family, he may have ulterior motives.”
“Do you think I should send someone to investigate him?” Alistair asked. “Of course, we must investigate,” Joanne said, her eyes flashing with determination.
“If he truly has bad intentions, we can’t allow him to stay!”
###Chapter 1377 by Marina Vittori
With Welch Senior’s condition now stable, Alistair grew cautious with Dustin. He kept a close eye on Dustin, ensuring that someone was constantly monitoring his every move.
At that moment, Dustin was following Eleanor as they ventured out to explore the streets near the Welch residence.
The Welch family owned many businesses in the area, from bars and clubs to hotels and casinos. They were the undisputed rulers of the local entertainment scene, amassing incredible wealth through their diverse ventures.
After a tiring day of exploration, Eleanor and Dustin went to a fancy restaurant nearby to grab a meal.
But, as they settled into their seats, they heard footsteps approaching their table. Ezra walked over carrying a big bouquet, his eyes filled with affection.
“What are you doing here?” Eleanor’s face immediately stiffened upon seeing him. Without wasting a moment, Ezra dropped to his knee. He looked sincere as he said, “Eleanor, I’m sorry. I know I was wrong. Please, forgive me.”
“What?” The sudden turn of events startled Eleanor. She hadn’t expected Ezra, who usually cared about his pride and manliness, to kneel and apologize publicly. His actions left her feeling uncomfortable.
“Are you … Have you lost your mind? What are you doing?” Eleanor shrunk deeper into her chair. She was embarrassed by the public display.
“Eleanor, I’m serious.” Ezra stayed on both knees, holding the bouquet.
“I know I screwed up, and I deeply regret it. I’m begging you to give me one more chance, just one! Let me show you my true feelings! “Eleanor, I love you with all my heart! I can’t stand being without you. Please, forgive me!”
His heartfelt words stirred not only Eleanor but also the other diners in the restaurant.
“Humph! Now you realize your mistakes? Where were you all this time? Let me make it clear, I’m not forgiving you, scumbag!”
Eleanor crossed her arms, feigning indifference. However, Dustin, seated across from her, could sense a subtle softening in her tone.
Ezra, heedless of his image, refused to rise from the floor. His bold move was a blow to his dignity, part of his strategic plan to win her heart.
“Eleanor! If you don’t forgive me today, I’ll stay right here on my knees until I can’t feel my legs anymore!” Ezra declared it with a look of determination.
“If you want to kneel, go ahead. It’s none of my concern,” Eleanor shot back, preparing to leave. Seeing that, Ezra quickly grabbed her leg. He pleaded, “Eleanor! I was wrong. I’m truly sorry! Please don’t leave me!”
“What are you doing? Let go of me!” His sudden action took Eleanor aback. She attempted to pull away, but she couldn’t break free.
“Miss, this young man recognizes his mistakes. You should give him a chance. “Yeah, that’s right. Couples argue all the time. If he’s willing to change, that’s a good thing.”
###Chapter 1378 by Marina Vittori
“Yeah, in this day and age, finding a guy who genuinely cares isn’t a walk in the park. Look at the dedication this guy’s showing to win you back.
“If my boyfriend had an ounce of that commitment, I’d be over the moon.”
The diners in the restaurant began chiming in with their advice. For a man to publicly apologize was a display of remorse. It was enough to melt a woman’s heart.
“Eleanor, please forgive me,” Ezra implored. “I swear, I will wholeheartedly devote myself to you from now on. If I should I ever stray, may lighting remind me of my promise to you!” Ezra promised solemnly with his arm raised, and three fingers stretched.
His unwavering resolve touched Eleanor despite her tough exterior. Still, she feigned anger and responded, “Ezra, it’s too late now. I gave you a chance, and you didn’t treasure it. Dustin is my boyfriend now.”
She linked her arm with Dustin’s, making her stance clear. Though Ezra had apologized, she was uncertain if she should forgive him. She intended to put him to the test.
“Dustin?” Ezra raised an eyebrow, looking concerned. “Eleanor, do you truly believe this kid is worthy of you? Look at him-no status and capability-just a boy toy that cons people. He can’t even hold a candle to you.”
“Shut up!” Eleanor glared at him. “I won’t let you insult Dustin.”
“Eleanor, I’m thinking of your best interests here. You should know we are the perfect match, deeply in love!
“Plus, we’re already engaged— essentially husband and wife. What does this Dustin have that I don’t?” Ezra argued.
“Who said we’re husband and wife?” Eleanor scoffed. “Eleanor, maybe not now, but I see a future with you! I love you. Will you marry me?” Ezra implored.
As he spoke, he reached into his pocket and took out a small velvet box, unveiling an astonishing pink diamond ring.
The gem sparkled brilliantly under the light; it left the women around gasping in awe. This breathtaking pink diamond wasn’t just worth a fortune; it was as rare as a shooting star. Eleanor responded dismissively, “You think you can buy me with a diamond ring? Dream on.”
“Eleanor, what will it take for you to forgive me? Did this bastard poison you with lies about me?” Ezra asked, frustrated.
He glared at Dustin and accused him, Dustin, how dare you steal my woman? You clearly don’t respect me! We need to settle this. I challenge you to a duel!”
“It’s none of my business. Your conscience is what gives you the trouble,” Dustin responded nonchalantly.
“Cut the chatter! If you’re a man, face me in a fight. The winner gets Eleanor, “Ezra taunted arrogantly.
“I’m not interested,” Dustin said, shaking his head.
Ezra provoked, “Are you scared? What a wimp!”
He sneered. “I’m willing to risk my life for Eleanor. Are you? Can you even fight? What makes you worthy of Eleanor? If you have any sense, you better leave now, or don’t blame me for the consequences.”
“Enough, Ezra!” Eleanor exclaimed.
“You’re taking this too far!” She couldn’t help but think that Ezra had lost his mind. “Risk your life?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, nodding. “Alright. If you’re so fond of fighting, let’s have some fun.”
“Good! Whoever chickens out is a coward!” Ezra taunted Dustin with a wicked grin, delighted that his plans had succeeded.
###Chapter 1379 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin, don’t be hasty. You can’t take him in a fight!” Eleanor urged, recognizing the danger of the situation.
Ezra, with his martial arts background, exuded an intimidating presence. He could take on ten opponents without breaking a sweat. On the other hand, Dustin was just a doctor. Someone like Ezra would obviously defeat him.
“Don’t worry, I don’t see him as much of a threat,” Dustin said calmly. Ezra, though skilled, was a lower-level martial artist. He could win against average opponents but would struggle against a true martial arts expert.
“You’ve got some nerve, bastard,” Ezra sneered.
He casually unbuttoned his suit jacket, unveiling a chiseled, powerful physique concealed beneath his white shirt. His muscles were a testament to his martial arts background.
“Ezra, don’t do anything foolish!” Eleanor stood between the two men, attempting to defuse the situation.
“Eleanor, this is a battle between men. Don’t interfere. I’ll prove my love for you,” Ezra declared seriously. “Seriously, you’re being irrational!” Eleanor exclaimed. She knew Ezra’s actions were wrong, but she couldn’t help being drawn to the drama.
Two men competing for her attention was a new experience, and her getting the better of her. ego was Ezra taunted, “Dustin, I wouldn’t want you thinking that I’m picking on you. Look at those skinny arms and legs of yours. I’ll give you three chances as a headstart.”
Dustin brushed off Ezra’s insults, waving his hand dismissively. “Let’s skip the chatter, shall we? I’ve got places to be, and I’d rather wrap this up quickly so I can grab a meal.”
Ezra’s face turned crimson at this contemptuous gesture. “You got a death wish!”
With that, he lunged forward. His fist cut through the air, aimed straight at Dustin’s face, with enough power to split a door.
However, just as Ezra’s fist was about to make contact, he received a stinging slap across the face, sending him stumbling backward.
“What?” Ezra was left bewildered, his face throbbing in pain. “What just happened?” he muttered, his hand instinctively covering his cheek.
Before he could make sense of the situation, another sharp slap hit him across the face, sending him tumbling to the ground. This time, he landed ungracefully.
“What?” Eleanor stood in disbelief.
At first, she had thought Ezra would win, but it turned out that Dustin had the upper hand. With just two well- timed and powerful slaps, he had Ezra on the ground.
“I-I can’t believe you d-dared hit me?” Ezra spluttered as he got back on his feet. He shook off the confusion and regained his anger.
“You’ve got the guts to challenge me with this little strength,” Dustin said in a cold, unfazed tone, further fueling Ezra’s rage.
“Bastard! Die!” Ezra growled. He pulled out a knife and thrust it toward Dustin’s chest. If their previous clash was a simple duel, now Ezra was aiming for the kill.
“Now you’ve done it!” Dustin’s gaze turned icy. He swiftly grabbed Ezra’s wrist. With a sharp crack, he snapped it, causing Ezra to cry out in agony.
“Ah-!”
###Chapter 1380 by Marina Vittori
Ezra’s scream pierced the air, only to be silenced abruptly by Dustin’s unyielding steel grip. He squeezed Ezra’s throat, forcing the scream back down. Ezra’s face turned crimson as he flailed helplessly.
The terror of imminent death filled Ezra, who managed to croak, “Let go… please …”
Dustin dryly remarked, “Fighting with a knife because your fists aren’t enough, huh? Aren’t you ashamed?’
His fingers tightened, making Ezra’s eyes roll back. “Stop hurting him!” Suddenly, a scream cut through the tension between them.
It was followed by a loud crash as a bottle struck the back of Dustin’s head. Glass fragments erupted into the air like fireworks, and the scent of spilled alcohol flooded the room.
Dustin scowled, turning to face Eleanor. She stood there, still holding the shattered bottle. Fear and guilt painted on her face.
After a moment, Eleanor realized what she had done. She tossed the remaining bottle fragment aside and tried to explain herself. “Dustin, I’m sorry! It was an accident. “I was just trying to stop you from hurting Ezra, and things got out of control!
“Ezra is from the prominent Swanson family. I was worried you’d get into trouble! You don’t know them like I do, and I was just trying to protect you!”
But her gaze darted around, and her attempts at clarification only looked suspicious. Dustin hastily wiped away the alcohol stain from his head, his furrowed brows, looking bewildered.
Eleanor’s ambush had taken him completely by surprise, a blindside assault directed at the back of his head. Had he been an average person, he’d likely be sprawled on the ground by now.
At that moment, Dustin realized that Eleanor placed Ezra above him in her priorities to the extent that she would willingly sacrifice him to save Ezra.
With these thoughts, Dustin shook his head in disappointment. He had considered Eleanor a friend, offered his help many times, and even shielded her from trouble.
And what did he receive in return? An unexpected bottle to the head. Now, he understood that Eleanor didn’t hold him in the same high regard as she did with Ezra.
Slowly, Dustin loosened his grip, and Ezra slumped to the ground Ezra coughed and gasped for air. His hand clutched his throat, struggling to catch his breath.
“Are you okay, Ezra?” Eleanor asked, concern evident as she rushed to check on him. Her actions revealed that her feelings for Ezra weren’t rooted in hatred.
It was jealousy that had clouded her judgment. She was genuinely worried about Ezra getting hurt.
Despite his coughing, Ezra managed a smile. “I’m fine. These are just minor injuries. As long as you can forgive me, I’d risk my life, and it wouldn’t matter.”
What a perfect opportunity to play the victim, and he wasn’t about to miss it.
“You’re such a fool!” Eleanor exclaimed, her eyes filled with a mix of joy and gratitude. Ezra had seemingly turned over a new leaf, willing to fight for her, even at the risk of his life. Such sincere emotions were indeed a rare find.
She decided to forgive him, understanding that everyone would make mistakes.
Dustin chuckled softly, an ironic twist to the whole situation. “So, after all that, it turns out the clown was none other than myself?” he mused.
In the end, despite the chaotic events that unfolded, Eleanor and Ezra found a way to reconcile. However, Dustin, who had extended his helping hand, ironically was cast as the sacrificial lamb and the unexpected antagonist in their story.
###Chapter 1381 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin, don’t you think you went overboard just now?” Eleanor said with concern etched across her face.
“What if you’d actually hurt Ezra?”
She winced as she inspected the red marks on Ezra’s neck, then turned to Dustin, demanding an explanation.
“Overboard?” Dustin chuckled with a wry smile. “Ms. Welch, let’s get the facts straight. Ezra was brandishing a knife at me, and I only defended myself. So, who crossed the line here?”
Eleanor’s expression froze as she tried to clarify, “Well, Ezra wasn’t really planning to harm you. He was just trying to intimidate you, so why did you overreact?”
Dustin’s eyes remained cool and distant as he replied with a touch of sarcasm, “So, it’s all my fault? I overstepped, played your bodyguard, instigated this brawl, and took a bottle to the head?”
“I-That’s not what I mean!”
With guilt written all over her face, she admitted, “I know smashing a bottle on your head was a mistake, but I freaked out! I was worried you might hurt Ezra, and I just wanted to avoid unnecessary trouble.”
Dustin looked at her indifferently and didn’t say a word. He could not help but think, “So, I’m just supposed to die? You smashed a bottle on my head and you didn’t even check if I was all right?”
“Speaking of mistakes, you have your share, too,” Eleanor remarked, trying to share the blame. With a hint of reproach in her voice, she pointed out, “You’re incredibly skilled, yet you never told me. I worried for nothing.
“Plus, you were too harsh; you almost choked Ezra. If I hadn’t stepped in, you might’ve made a big mistake.”
Dustin replied mockingly, “So, do you think I should thank you?”
“Gratitude isn’t necessary,” Eleanor said, frustration in her tone. “Look, I’ve lowered my pride and apologized. Can’t we just let bygones be bygones and remain friends?”
Dustin shook his head dismissively. Ms. Welch, I’m just an ordinary guy. I don’t need to be part of the Welch family social circle. I’m fine walking away from all of this.”
His hopes sank as she continued to deflect blame without a sincere apology. She was the type of person he couldn’t tolerate.
“Isn’t it time to let go of your anger, Dustin? I have already apologized,” Eleanor asked with a subtle hint of annoyance. After all, as a member of the Welch family, she had taken a step down from her lofty pedestal to show remarkable humility.
Yet, before her, Dustin remained as icy as ever, unfazed by her apparent efforts to reconcile.
“Rhys!” Ezra interjected coldly, “In light of Eleanor’s plea, I’ll let the matter slide for now. However, you’d be wise not to push your luck.”
If not for the sake of pretense, he would have called for backup without hesitation. Dustin smirked and responded calmly, “Oh, you’re suggesting we have another round?”
“Heh! Don’t get too cocky!” Ezra threatened.
“Even if you know a thing or two about fighting, it won’t matter. Remember, you’re nothing more than an ant to me. Defeating you is child’s play.”
Dustin, undaunted, replied, “Feel free to try.”
“You-!”
Ezra was about to lose his temper, but Eleanor intervened and raised her hand to stop him. She said, “Dustin, you’re a good person, and I value our friendship. It was just a misunderstanding. I hope we can sit down and talk it out.”
Dustin replied calmly, “I don’t think there’s much to discuss. You two are clearly meant for each other, and I wish you all the best.
“If you don’t have any other requests, I’ll be on my way.” With that, he turned to leave.
“Wait!” Eleanor called out, a sense of urgency in her voice. She quickly caught up with Dustin, her expression now serious. “Dustin, I know you’re upset, but Grandpa’s still not recovered. I hope you can prioritize the bigger picture and not leave yet.”
Dustin replied with a hint of indifference, “Rest assured, Ms. Welch, I’m a man of my word, and I won’t change my mind. I’ll make sure to help your grandfather recover.
“But I also hope the Welch family can keep their promise and find the herbs I need promptly.”
“No problem,” Eleanor replied, a slight relief in her tone. She feared Dustin might hold a grudge and tamper with her grandpa’s treatment.
“Bastard, get lost now. Don’t disturb our lovey-dovey time,” Ezra taunted. He stood in the way, his arm wrapped around Eleanor’s waist. A smug smile on his lips, and his eyes were filled with arrogance and disdain.
###Chapter 1382 by Marina Vittori
Ezra smirked as he watched Dustin leave the restaurant. “Did that sore loser really think he stood a chance with Eleanor? He thought too highly of himself!”
He pondered, his thoughts flowing naturally. “No matter how hard he tried to get closer to Eleanor, it only took a bit of my sweet words to win her back. That’s the difference between us.”
Eleanor gazed at Dustin’s retreating figure, her expression a mix of confusion and disappointment. She’d always believed Dustin liked her, which is why he’d gone to such great lengths to help her.
But his nonchalant exit without even a backward glance left her wondering.” Is he heartbroken or just playing hard to get?”
She mused, “Dustin, I thought you were a good person, so I wanted to bring you into my world and help you achieve great things. I never expected achieve great things. I never expected you to be so oblivious to what you’re missing.
“You’ve missed out on a once-in-a- lifetime opportunity for a beautiful life. It was your choice, and I gave you the chance, but you didn’t take it.”
She shook her head, her expression turning cold and aloof. “Well, so be it. You’re simply not meant to be in my world. No matter how hard you try to climb, you’ll never reach our heights.
“If it weren’t for my loyalty and fondness for the past, you wouldn’t even qualify as my friend.” In the dark of night, within the Welch residence’s underground secret room, a thin and battered man was tightly bound to a pillar.
His body was wrapped in bandages, concealing the grievous wounds he had endured. As the bandages were carefully removed, the once-gaping injuries on the man’s body had now scabbed over. Some had even completely healed, leaving behind only faint traces. Alistair watched in delight. “Haha! Dew Balm is truly miraculous!”
He exclaimed, “We’ve hit the jackpot!” Since obtaining the formula for Dew Balm, the Welch family had secretly recruited individuals to serve as test subjects for their experiments.
Then, in the early hours of that day, they successfully made their first batch of Dew Balm and wasted no time in putting it to the test.
The results were nothing short of astonishing. In just hours, wounds inflicted by blades were healing at an incredible pace. Joanne reported with a smile, “Dew Balm appears to have no significant. side effects. We can start the production.
“Moreover, there’s no comparable healing salve on the market. Dew Balm will allow the Welch family to carve out a new empire.”
“Excellent!” Alistair laughed. “Joanne, you were amazing! Extracting this miraculous formula for a single Dragon Panax plant is brilliant!” Joanne’s expression turned serious. ” Don’t celebrate too soon; there are potential risks.”
“Risks? What do you mean?” He looked puzzled.
“Don’t forget, we’re not the only ones with the formula for Dew Balm; Dustin also has it,” she explained, narrowing her eyes.
“If Dustin decides to sell the formula to others, we won’t have the exclusive rights.”
“Yes, you’re right,” Alistair said, his brows furrowing slightly. The Welch family wasn’t renowned for their medical expertise. If they didn’t monopolize the Dew Balm, their gains. could slip through their fingers.
“Alistair, we need to address this issue at once. The Dew Balm formula must remain exclusively ours,” Joanne asserted. He questioned, “What’s your plan?”
“It’s simple-kill Dustin.”
###Chapter 1383 by Marina Vittori
The next morning, Dustin sat cross- legged in a guest room at the Welch residence, deep in meditation. A brisk knock on the door abruptly shattered his peaceful moment.
“Who’s there?” Dustin asked as he slowly opened his eyes. “Dr. Rhys, it’s me, Feiver. I’ve brought your breakfast,” a familiar voice from the other side replied.
“Alright,” Dustin replied, getting up to answer the door. Fifteen-year-old Feiver, a humble orphan and a housekeeper in the Welch family, stood outside with a finely crafted food container.
He had been taking care of Dustin since his arrival the day before. He was always ready with a cup of tea and a friendly word.
“Thank you for your hard work,” Dustin said, stepping aside to welcome Feiver inside.
“No trouble at all,” Feiver responded with a respectful nod. He placed the food container on the table and unveiled the morning meal.
“Dr. Rhys, today’s breakfast is quite a feast,” he explained as he revealed each dish.
“The first dish is a Spicy Shrimp Cocktail.
“The second is a Savory Beef Stew.
“The third is a Sautéed Mushrooms.
“The fourth is Seafood Scampi.
“The fifth is a Crispy Chicken Feast.
“The sixth is a Sizzling Meatball Platter.
“The seventh is Chateaubriand Steak.
“And lastly, the eighth dish is a Creamy Fish Roe Chowder.
“All the dishes are set. Please take your time and enjoy the meal,” Feiver announced. Dustin chuckled and said, “Why such a grand breakfast? A simple full English breakfast would do.”
“Dr. Rhys, you are a respected guest of the Welch family. Mr. Welch himself insisted on providing you with the finest hospitality,” Feiver explained.
“Oh, speaking of which, how is Mr. Welch Senior? Did he regain consciousness this morning?” Dustin asked out of the blue.
“Earlier today, Mr. Welch Senior briefly regained consciousness. Thanks to your miraculous treatment, his condition has improved significantly. The Welch family is deeply grateful,” Feiver reported.
“Excellent news,” Dustin replied. As he turned his attention to the table full of dishes, Dustin seemed overwhelmed. “Feiver, have you had breakfast yet?”
Feiver shook his head and said, “Not yet.” Dustin invited Feiver warmly. “Well then, let’s eat together. I doubt I can finish all these dishes by myself.”
Feiver hesitated, waving his hand dismissively. “I couldn’t possibly. These dishes were prepared specifically for you, Dr. Rhys.
“As a mere housekeeper, I don’t have the privilege to partake in such a meal.” Dustin smiled and reassured him, “No need to be so formal with me. Please, have a seat and join me.”
“But, Dr. Rhys, this goes against the rules. If anyone finds out, I might get in trouble,” Feiver protested, keeping his head down. Dustin brushed it off with a casual remark, “Who’s gonna know unless someone spills the beans?”
“Still, I’m just a lowly housekeeper. How could I possibly have a meal with you?” Feiver remained timid.
Dustin’s tone grew displeased as he retorted, “What? It’s just a meal, and you’re not showing appreciation?”
Feiver stammered, “N-no! It’s not that With a hint of sternness in his expression and an assertive tone, Dustin insisted, “Don’t overthink it; sit down!”
Feiver hesitated, fearing the repercussions, but he dared not disobey. With great reluctance, he sat down.
“That’s the spirit,” Dustin said, his tone warm and encouraging.
###Chapter 1384 by Marina Vittori
Dustin smiled and encouraged, “Go on, don’t be shy.”
Feiver hesitated, holding onto his plate and avoiding eye contact. “You’re still growing, and you’re way too skinny, bud. You’ve got to eat more, “Dustin said, adding food to Feiver’s plate.
Feiver mumbled a reluctant “thanks”. His smile was strained, revealing his nervousness.
“Not hungry? Maybe it’s not to your liking? No worries, try the shrimp or the beef stew.” Dustin added more food to his plate, playing the role of a doting father.
“Okay, Dr. Rhys, you shouldn’t worry about me. You should eat, too!” Feiver trembled with the plate in his hand as he tried to avoid eating.
“I’m not hungry; you go ahead,” Dustin smiled.
“I-I’m not hungry either,” Feiver stammered, trembling occasionally.
“That’s fine; think of it as a tasting session. Go ahead, dig in.” Dustin nodded. As Feiver refused to eat, Dustin suddenly joked, “Why? Do you think I’ve poisoned the food?”
“Wha-?” Feiver paled, and he managed a forced smile, beads of sweat forming on his forehead. “N-no way, Dr. Rhys! You can’t be serious.”
“So, why aren’t you eating?” Dustin asked with a smile, watching closely.
“Okay, I’ll eat.” Feiver finally picked up a piece of vegetable and took a bite. He stole a glance at Dustin, trying to maintain a cordial facade.
“Dr. Rhys, come on, give it a try. These flavors are out of this world!” Dustin put down his utensils but remained silent, calmly observing Feiver.
“Dr. Rhys, what’s wrong? Why aren’t you eating? The kitchen specially prepared this sumptuous feast for you! “Nervousness began to creep into Feiver’s smile as he urged Dustin to eat.
As Dustin remained silent, Feiver’s desperation grew. He got agitated, and his face even showed his frustration.
“Dr. Rhys! Eat! Hurry up! I’ve already eaten, so why aren’t you eating?”
“Feiver, I admire your determination. To achieve your goal, you’re even willing to risk your life. But unfortunately, you’ve underestimated me,” Dustin remarked, his smile dropping.
“Wha-what do you mean?” Feiver started to panic.
“Devil’s grass, aconite, and Zeus’ Vine are a deadly concoction. You’re all out for my life,” Dustin narrowed his eyes at Feiver.
He had sensed something was amiss from the moment Feiver entered the room. Dustin allowed Feiver to eat first as a test, purely to confirm his suspicions.
But he was taken aback by the young man’s determination, willing to risk his own life for malicious purposes. He was truly heartless!
“No! It can’t be! How did you know it was poisoned?” Feiver exclaimed with growing panic. By now, black blood was flowing from his nostrils, and his face had taken on a sickly bluish hue.
“Don’t forget, I’m a doctor, and not just any ordinary doctor,” Dustin explained. “Die, you-!” Feiver’s face turned murderous as he drew a knife and thrust it violently at Dustin’s chest, the blade tainted with poison.
“Is this your last-ditch effort?” Dustin grabbed Feiver’s arm, gave it a quick twist, and followed by a powerful kick to his abdomen.
Feiver let out a howl. He was sent several feet away and crashed into a wall, blood spewing forth uncontrollably.
“Tell me everything. Who sent you? Come clean, and I might be able to help with the poison,” Dustin said casually.
Feiver coughed up more black blood. The pain of the poison caused his body to convulse, and his face contorted in pain.
He attempted to speak but was interrupted by a sudden intruder- Joaquin, the Welch family’s butler.
“You audacious criminal! How could you attempt to harm Dr. Rhys? You have a death wish!” Joaquin bellowed, drew his sword, and swiftly killed Feiver.
###Chapter 1385 by Marina Vittori
With a swift, ruthless swing, Feiver’s head parted from his body, thudding to the floor and rolling like a soccer ball. His saucer-wide eyes showed his disbelief. He never imagined that his life wouldn’t be taken by Dustin but by his foster father.
Joaquin, the Welch family butler, was actually Feiver’s foster father. When Feiver had nowhere to go, Joaquin rescued him, bringing him into the Welch family and giving him a place to stay.
He had always been grateful and dutiful. So, when Joaquin instructed Feiver to poison Dustin, he didn’t hesitate. Feiver felt it was time to repay the kindness he had received.
To gain Dustin’s trust, he even risked his own life, completely willing to sacrifice it. But now, he was betrayed by the man he considered as family. It was the reality that he couldn’t wrap his head around.
“What?”
Dustin furrowed his brow upon seeing Feiver’s lifeless body. He fixed his gaze squarely on Joaquin and asked calmly, ” Mr. Yaxley, care to explain what’s going on here?”
“Dr. Rhys, I apologize for the shock you’ve just experienced.” Joaquin sheathed his blade and wore a welcoming smile.
“I never expected a traitor within the household. Thankfully, I discovered it in time lest something worse may happen.”
“Is that so? Am I supposed to be thanking you for this?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, his tone carrying a hint of sarcasm.
The timing of Joaquin’s appearance was suspiciously precise, as if it was planned. The ruthless precision of that final strike left no room for doubt; it was clearly an attempt to silence a potential witness. Dustin couldn’t understand why the Welch family had suddenly turned against him.
“Thanking me is unnecessary, Dr. Rhys. Ensuring your safety is our duty,” Joaquin assured. “I must admit, it’s my fault for misjudging people and letting a traitor into our home. I apologize for that.”
“Mr. Yaxley, I find it rather odd. Feiver had no reason to bear a grudge against me. Was he acting on someone else’s orders?” Dustin’s tone hinted at what was unsaid.
“In that regard, I’m uncertain,” Joaquin replied. “Rest assured, Dr. Rhys, we’ll investigate thoroughly to uncover the one pulling the strings.”
“Well, I suppose I’ll have to trust Mr. Yaxley to get to the bottom of it,” Dustin responded with a wry smile.
“Of course.” Joaquin nodded.
“What’s going on? Did something happen?”
A loud voice suddenly echoed from outside the room. Alistair, Joanne, and others quickly entered. When they laid eyes on Feiver’s lifeless body, surprise painted their expressions.
“Mr. Welch, Mrs. Welch, Feiver was bribed to poison Dr. Rhys. Fortunately, I intervened just in time and took control of the situation,” Joaquin explained.
Alistair put on an act, appearing indignant as he remarked, “Hmph! This scoundrel dared to bite the hand that fed him! He got what he deserved!”
After a brief outburst, he turned to Dustin, his tone filled with concern. Dr. Rhys, are you hurt?”
“I’m fine. I just find the entire situation rather amusing,” Dustin replied with a faint smile.
“Amusing? What do you mean?” Alistair asked, puzzled.
“Feiver knew I was a doctor, and yet he attempted to poison me. It’s rather foolish, don’t you think?” Dustin quipped with a smirk.
“Yes… very foolish indeed,” Alistair replied, forcing a grin. At that moment, Joanne’s brow furrowed, but she quickly concealed her emotions.
###Chapter 1386 by Marina Vittori
Dustin asked politely, “Mr. Welch, I’ve heard that your father has awakened. Is that correct?”
“Yes, my dad has indeed woken up, but he’s still weak. His mind is somewhat clouded. I believe he needs some time to rest,” Alistair replied. Dustin reassured him, “No worries, those are just some aftereffects. He’ll be back on his feet in no time.”
Changing the topic, he continued, ” Now, Mr. Welch, about our deal. You promised me the Emerald Corolla and the Iceheart Lotus. When can I get them?”
“Well…” Alistair exchanged a glance with those beside him and hesitated.
Joanne quickly interjected, “Dr. Rhys, we have no intentions of going back on our word. However, it might take a while since we’re swamped with other things, and your request isn’t our top priority.”
“Mrs. Welch, it seems you had a different stance when we made the deal. “Dustin shook his head.
“Precious herbs are rare and can’t be easily acquired. We’ll notify you when we have any information. Your patience will be appreciated,” Joanne stated, unyielding.
Dustin replied with a wry smile, ” Patience? I’m afraid if I wait any longer, I won’t live long enough to see those herbs.”
From their previous conversation, he had deduced that the Welch family was determined to kill him. It was likely related to the formula of Dew Balm, a treasure precious enough to prompt them to act against him.
Joanne remained cool and unyielding.” If you can’t wait, there’s not much we can do.”
“Fine. It looks like I can no longer rely on the Welch family. We’ll go our separate ways,” Dustin declared before leaving. Joanne suddenly called out to him, stopping him in his tracks. “Hold on, Dr. Rhys!”
Dustin turned back, his expression cold. “Mrs. Welch, do you have something else to say?”
If the Welch family intended to escalate the situation, he would not hold back.
“Dr. Rhys, my father-in-law is still weak and needs nourishment. The Dragon Panax we gave you is the best supplement. We hope you can return it, ‘Joanne said, her words unapologetic.
“Return it?” Dustin was taken aback but soon chuckled, “Mrs. Welch, are you joking with me?
“The Dragon Panax was acquired through a trade for the formula. Why should I return it?”
She remained calm. “I can pay for it. Just name your price.”
He shook his head. “I don’t need money.”
“So, you won’t sell it, is that it? Then, consider our trade-off!” Joanne declared.
She placed a piece of paper on the table and stated, “This is the Dew Balm formula you wrote. I’m giving it back to you, and I don’t want to work with you anymore. Return me the Dragon Panax.
“Mrs. Welch, are you treating me like a three-year-old?” Dustin narrowed his eyes at her.
“You’ve already seen the formula. Who knows how many copies you’ve made?
What’s the point of returning it now?”
The audacity of Joanne was truly astounding. Not only had she failed to find the Iceheart Lotus and Emerald Corolla, but she now intended to reclaim the Dragon Panax, leaving him with nothing.
Joanne argued confidently, “Our trade was herbs for the formula. I don’t want the formula anymore, so give back the herbs. That’s only fair.”
Dustin chuckled, though his eyes were cold. “Well, well, it appears the mighty Welch family can’t keep their word.”
Joanne raised her voice, her patience wearing thin. “Enough small talk! Hand over the Dragon Panax, take your formula, and we can part on good terms. If not, don’t blame me for the consequences!”
As she spoke, two martial artist masters stepped forward, blocking Dustin’s path, their gaze sharp.
###Chapter 1387 by Marina Vittori
“What’s this? You want to do this the hard way?” Dustin scanned the Welch family members and smirked.
“I’ve saved your daughter, handed over the formula, and pulled Mr. Welch Senior from the brink of death, all for the Welch family. And yet, you’re turning on me now.
“If word gets out, what will that do to your family’s reputation?”
His words sent a shiver down Alistair’s spine, and the others squirmed. Alistair had orchestrated the poisoning to protect his family’s reputation as a backup plan in case things went south.
But with Feiver dead, openly confronting Dustin posed a risk of leaving themselves vulnerable.
The reputation of the Welch family would be tarnished if it became known that they had committed murder and repaid kindness with enmity. After careful consideration, Alistair ultimately chose to step back for the time being
“Joanne, what’s running through that mind of yours? Dr. Rhys has done us a great favor. How can you be ungrateful? “Alistair scolded his wife before pushing aside the two martial artists blocking Dustin’s path.
Then he smiled at Dustin. “Dr. Rhys, I’m sorry about my wife’s outburst earlier. She was just worried about my dad’s health. Her words may have come out a bit too strong. Please accept our apologies.”
In certain scenarios, this husband-wife duo had their roles well-defined. One played the “good cop”, while the other the “bad cop”.
If threats were effective, they used them; if not, they preferred to avoid a public confrontation. Dustin taunted with a smirk, “it seems there are still some sane folks in the Welch family after all. I was starting to think you’d all lost your minds.”
“You-” Joanne was about to respond, but Alistair silenced her with a knowing look. Alistair interrupted, “Dr. Rhys, we deeply appreciate your kindness. If you have any requests, please don’t hesitate to ask. I’ll do my best to fulfill your wishes as long as it’s within my power.”
“No need for that.” Dustin scoffed. “I’m not fishing for gratitude. Farewell. With that, he left with a frosty demeanor.
Alistair’s decision to back down prevented what could have been a heated confrontation. Dustin had always been straightforward, and he hadn’t anticipated ungratefulness from the Welch family.
It appeared that Dustin now had to seek out a new ally, as he was resolute in not allowing them to gain any advantage from the Dew Balm.
“Alistair, why did you stop me earlier?” Joanne asked. She frowned as she watched Dustin leave, displeased.
Alistair responded with a measured tone, “Joanne, you possess many admirable qualities-intelligence, competence, resourcefulness. But you tend to act on impulse.
“Taking down a punk may be simple, but if it tarnishes our family’s reputation, it’s not worth it. Some matters are better resolved quietly and discreetly to avoid unnecessary trouble.
“I understand what to do now,” Joanne nodded. “Let’s forget this minor hiccup,” Alistair decided. “Joaquin, handle it discreetly and leave no traces.”
“Understood,” Joaquin affirmed before departing. Meanwhile, outside the Welch residence, Dustin had just settled into his car when his phone rang.
Brooke’s voice sounded urgent on the other end. “Dustin! Something terrible has happened! Harmony Healers are on fire!”
“On fire? What’s going on?” Dustin inquired, puzzled.
“I went for my morning stroll, and when I returned, Harmony Healers was suddenly engulfed in flames! It’s burning now!” Brooke’s voice quivered.
“What? It’s on fire?” Dustin’s expression paled. He quickly asked, What about Mr. Shaffer? Is he okay?”
“The fire started on the first floor, and Cinna is still on the third floor! I can’t get up there! I’m waiting for help!”
###Chapter 1388 by Marina Vittori
“Call for help right now! I’m on my way!” Dustin said urgently before hanging up the phone. He floored the gas pedal and raced toward Harmony Healers.
With no time to waste, he ran the red lights, zipping like a lightning bolt. A drive that usually took 20 minutes. became a ten-minute drive instead.
When he arrived at the scene, the fire department was still on its way. Harmony Healers stood engulfed in a furious blaze. The first floor was gone, and the flames were creeping up to the second floor.
Despite neighbors helping with water buckets, their efforts felt like a drop in the ocean. At this rate, the fire would. reach the third floor in less than five minutes!
“Quick! We need more help!” Brooke shouted, holding a fire extinguisher in his hand and spraying it frantically. His clothes were in tatters, his face smudged with soot, and he had burns on his skin. He looked absolutely worn out.
“Dr. Busch! Is Mr. Shaffer safe?”
“Cinna is still inside, and the fire has gotten out of control! We’ve done all we can, but we can’t put it out! What should we do?” Brooke’s face twisted with anxiety and panic. His extinguisher ran dry, leaving him helpless against the raging inferno.
“I’m going in to save him!” Dustin didn’t waste time talking. After taking a deep breath, he charged into the raging fire.
“Dustin! Have you gone mad? Get out of there! You’ll die!” Brooke was taken aback, yelling in shock. But the flames had already swallowed Dustin, and Brooke sighed heavily. “It’s all over. Everything is ruined now.”
“Oh my God! Did someone just go in? Who’s crazy enough to do that?”
“Did you really see that? Who’d dare to dive into this massive fire? They’re practically asking for death!”
“I saw it too! Someone went in. That’s insane!”
Dustin’s fearless act left the onlookers speechless, temporarily forgetting the fire. As the seconds ticked away, the fire roared on.
The second floor had crumbled, and the flames were on the march to the third. The searing heat forced firefighters and volunteers to retreat.
Everyone knew that the Harmony Healers were beyond saving. The fire had burned down the finest clinic in South City, and the whole town watched in sorrow as it turned to ashes.
Just then, two fire trucks finally pulled up. Firefighters spilled out, and Brooke hurried toward them as if he’d found saviors.
He was limping, his face dirty and covered in burns. “Quick, there are two people inside! Please, you have to help them!”
“There are people inside?”
The firefighters gazed at the flames consuming Harmony Healers and fell silent. With a fire this big, anyone inside had slim chances of survival. Their priority was containing the damage.
“Why aren’t you going inside? There are still people in there! Save them!”
“Sir, we’ll do our best to rescue them. But you must understand, with a fire this size, anyone inside is unlikely to survive.” A firefighter spoke with regret.
As he spoke, there was a loud crash, and a window on the third floor shattered. Then, a figure wreathed in flames leaped from the third floor, clutching a soaking wet blanket.
His fearless descent was like a scene from an action movie.
###Chapter 1389 by Marina Vittori
Engulfed in flames, Dustin leaped high into the air before landing heavily on the ground. The resounding impact left several deep cracks under his feet,
A gust of wind swept over him, extinguishing the flames that had clocked his body. They could see white mist rising from his skin; it looked straight out of a movie.
“What in the world?” The crowd stood in utter shock at the incredible scene they had just witnessed. Even the firefighters were rendered speechless.
No one had expected a person to emerge unscathed from the raging fire, especially not after jumping from the third floor. His crazy and daring actions left everyone astonished.
“Am I seeing things? The guy that went in actually made it out alive?”
“Not only did he survive, he even rescued someone!”
“Oh my God! Who the hell is this guy? Even fire can’t harm him. This is out of this world!”
After a brief moment of silence, the crowd commented excitedly over the scene. Everyone looked at Dustin as if he were some sort of monster.
“Dustin? Y-You’re unharmed?” Brooke stammered in disbelief. “I was lucky. I managed to escape before the fire became too intense.” As he spoke, he placed a wet and smoldering quilt gently on the floor.
Although it was emitting smoke, it wasn’t engulfed in flames. Unwrapping the quilt, it revealed Cinna lying motionless inside. Even though his breathing was weak, he was unharmed.
“Thank God! Cinna is safe!” Brooke exclaimed as he wept tears of joy. He had thought Cinna was beyond saving. He never expected Dustin to show such incredible bravery, charging into the raging flames to save him.
After Dustin checked on Cinna’s condition and placed him in the car, he turned his attention back to Brooke. He asked, “Dr. Busch, how did Harmony Healers suddenly catch fire?”
“I don’t know either. I had just stepped out for a moment when the fire started. “Brooke shook his head. Every morning at the break of dawn, he would take a short stroll in the nearby park as a form of exercise. It was never more than half an hour.
He never encountered any problems all these years. However, Harmony Healers had broken out in a fire upon his return today.
“What time do you typically open?”
Dustin asked again.
“8:00 am daily,” Brooke answered.
“It’s not yet eight. That means the fire started before your operating hours.”
Dustin was frowning as he continued, ” Dr. Busch, was there anyone inside Harmony Healers when you left?”
“No.” Brooke shook his head. “Harper went out with her friends last night and hasn’t returned yet. It’s also quite early, so the students haven’t arrived yet.”
“Dr. Busch, I don’t think this fire was an accident.” Dustin was deep in contemplation. After a moment, he concluded, ” Harmony Healers wasn’t open for business, and the alchemy room wasn’t in use. The chances of an accidental fire are relatively low.
“The fact that the fire started right after you left the building seems too coincidental. I believe this fire was deliberate.”
“What? Harmony Healers was deliberately set on fire?” Brooke was seething in anger.
“I’ve dedicated my life to doing good deeds and helping people. I’ve never done anything to hurt anyone! Who could be so heartless as to set Harmony Healers on fire?”
Having spent decades working as a doctor, he had always done his duty of saving lives and helping those in need.
###Chapter 1390 by Marina Vittori
Brooke never even charged a penny for treating the poor. He believed he had a clear conscience before God and his patients.
He could never have imagined that the good deeds he had done all his life would lead to this. It was disheartening to think how half of his life’s work had been reduced to nothing but ashes by someone.
“Dr. Busch, even though I can’t be completely certain, I do have a suspect in mind,” Dustin suddenly said.
“Who is it? Which evil person did such a thing?” Brooke’s blood boiled.
“The Swansons,” Dustin spat out coldly. “The Swansons?” Brooke was taken aback, appearing deep in thought. Although they had no proof, Dustin’s accusation was not baseless.
In order to gain control of Harmony Healers, they employed various means, including coercion and bribery, to achieve their goal.
Even Ziggy, who caused a scene at Harmony Healers two days ago, was sent by the Swansons. The Swansons was the prime suspect in setting the fire.
“They destroyed Harmony Healers just because they couldn’t get their hands on it? They’re absolutely despicable!” Brooke was shaking in anger. How could he not be angry when decades of his hard work were reduced to ashes?
Beep beep!
Suddenly, a white Maserati came to a stop by the roadside. The passenger door opened, and Zion stepped out. He ran to the rear door, courteously assisting Ezra and Eleanor out of the car.
Meanwhile, the firefighters were still working hard to extinguish the flames. Dark smoke enveloped the area, and dust swirled in the air. Ezra stepped out with an umbrella, shielding Eleanor from the intrusive sunlight.
“Oh my, what’s going on here? Why is the building up in flames?” Ezra covered his mouth and nose with a handkerchief and put on a surprised front.
He continued in a sarcastic tone, “Oh, Dr. Busch, how can you be so careless? Just look at this. The most famous clinic in South City was destroyed just like that. What a pity!”
“You-!” Brooke gritted his teeth. He was about to retort when he noticed several bodyguards standing behind Ezra.
The Swansons were an influential family with deep roots in South City. Even if they were responsible for the fire, there wasn’t much he could do.
There was no way Brooke could take them on. Firstly, he didn’t have the evidence. Secondly, he wasn’t strong enough to fight them.
“Dr. Busch, you’re getting old. It’s time for you to retire anyway. What’s the point of holding onto Harmony Healers so dearly?
“In my opinion, the fire was probably a blessing in disguise. You finally can enjoy a peaceful retirement.”
“So, you were the one who started the fire,” Dustin suddenly accused. “Hey there! Watch your words. I can sue you for defamation with your baseless accusations.” Ezra smirked.
“Dustin, we meet again.” Eleanor approached him with mixed feelings.
“Thank you for treating my grandfather. The Welchs owe you a favor.”
“I can’t afford such a favor,” Dustin replied nonchalantly. “What?” Eleanor frowned slightly before regaining her composure. She took out a check and wrote a few figures on it.
Passing it to Dustin, she said, “This is a check for two million. Consider it a token of appreciation from the Welch family.
“Two million?” Dustin received the check and glanced at it. He then continued impassively, “Ms. Welch, you’re quite generous. It is as expected of an heiress of a wealthy family. Unfortunately, I’m not interested in your money.”
With that, he raised his hand. The check glided with the wind before landing precisely in the fire, turning into ashes.
###Chapter 1391 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Eleanor’s expression turned ugly as she watched the check burn. It was one thing to reject her offer, but setting the check ablaze was just an act of disrespect and humiliation toward her.
“Hey, Rhys! What’s the meaning of this?” Ezra was upset by Dustin’s actions. He yelled, “Eleanor was generous enough to give you money. Don’t be ungrateful!”
“So just because you gave me money, I should accept it? What do you take me for? A beggar?” Dustin scoffed. His opinion of the Welch family had taken a nosedive.
From the way Eleanor used him yesterday to the way the Welchs tried to kill him today, he finally realized the true nature of these people.
“Hmph! Just look at your behavior; it’s no different than a beggar.” Ezra looked at him in disdain..
“Another derogatory word from that mouth of yours, and I’ll beat you up.” Dustin’s gaze grew colder.
“You-!” Ezra was about to rip him a new one when Eleanor raised her hand to stop him. She stared at Dustin in silence; her eyes reflected her mixed feelings. “Dustin, do you have to act this way? We could have been friends. Why do you keep ruining your opportunities?”
“Ms. Welch, as I said before, your status is far beyond my reach. Let’s forget about being friends,” Dustin said indifferently. The word “friends” sounded extremely jarring, coming from her mouth.
“Eleanor, this guy is a lost cause. Why bother with him?” Ezra shook his head.
“Fine. Since you don’t see me as a friend, let’s not have anything to do with each other moving forward.” Eleanor took a deep breath, and her expression grew colder.
As the dignified lady and wealthy heiress of the Welch family, she had never been wronged or mistreated, no matter where she went.
She had shown remarkable kindness in lowering herself to allow Dustin to apologize and make amends. However, he clearly wasn’t appreciative and didn’t seem to care. What an ungrateful bastard he was!
“As you wish, Ms. Welch,” Dustin replied, unfazed.
“Bastard! Do you really think you can make it in Oakvale without Eleanor’s support? How naive!” Ezra sneered.
He had been restraining himself for Eleanor’s sake, but since they had fallen out, he saw no reason to hold back any longer. Right then, Eleanor shifted her attention to Brooke. “Dr. Busch, we sympathize with your situation.”
She put on a facade and continued, ” Since you helped my grandfather in the past, I’ve decided to offer my help this time.”
“What do you mean by that, Ms. Welch? “Brooke’s brows had been set in a frown throughout their conversation.
“Harmony Healers is destroyed and can never regain its former glory. Instead of spending your days protecting this wasteland, it would be wiser to sell it sooner.”
Eleanor stated seriously, “Considering our past relationship, I’m willing to purchase Harmony Healers from you at market value to help you through this difficult time.”
“After all that, it was about Harmony Healers all along!” Brooke’s expression darkened. He was only suspicious earlier, but he was certain now. It was undeniable that the pair of them had a hand in the arson at Harmony Healers.
“Dr. Busch, please get things straight. I’m here to help you.”
Eleanor emphasized, “Harmony Healers is in ruins and practically worthless. I’m willing to buy it at market value as a sign of respect. All I want is for you to retire without any worries.”
“That’s right, Dr. Busch. You’re already in your eighties. It’s time to have a well -deserved rest. With a significant sum of money, you’ll be able to live a life of luxury and enjoy your retirement.
“What’s not to like?” Ezra chimed in.
“Y-You-!” Brooke’s hands were trembling, and his face turned crimson with anger.
First, they set Harmony Healers on fire, and now they had the audacity to make a lowball offer. They were even justifying it as help!
These people were the worst!
###Chapter 1392 by Marina Vittori
“Dr. Busch, selling Harmony Healers would be the wisest decision. Besides, aside from us, nobody else will buy it,” Eleanor advised in a gentle tone.
The Welchs and the Swansons controlled the entire South City. Who would dare take over Harmony Healers without their permission?
“I’m not selling! Not over my dead body! Don’t even think about taking Harmony Healers away from me!” Brooke yelled in frustration.
He had dedicated more than half of his life to building Harmony Healers into what it was today. How could he bear to sell it, especially to these power- hungry individuals?
He could tell that Harmony Healers would become nothing more than a money-making machine if it fell into their hands. That would completely tarnish its reputation!
“You’re not selling?” Ezra scoffed. “Dr. Busch, it would be best for you to reconsider before answering. It wouldn’t be wise to reject us.”
“I’ve lived long enough! My life is worthless anyway. I’m not afraid of you people!” Brooke screamed again with bloodshot eyes.
“Dr. Busch, I admire your integrity and fearlessness. But you shouldn’t just think about yourself. You should think about your family and future generations, too,” Ezra said with a sly grin.
Brooke froze at his words. It was as if he were struck by lightning. Ezra was right. He could be fearless and unyielding in the face of power, but what about his family?
These people were capable of arson and murder. Who knew what else they were capable of?
“Dr. Busch, if my memory serves me right, you seem to have a beautiful granddaughter, right?
“At such a young age, she should have a promising life ahead of her. It would be a pity if anything happened to her, don’t you think?” Ezra said with a sinister smile.
Brooke’s legs gave way, and he slumped to the ground with a loud thud. His face was drained of color as he lost all hope. He knew he wasn’t a match for Ezra.
No matter how stubborn or principled he was, resistance was futile in the face of such wealthy and influential figures. That wasn’t all; angering them could even lead to fatal consequences. That was the harsh reality.
No matter how hard he struggled, it was all in vain. He was left with no choice but to yield. He no longer had the power to hold onto Harmony Healers.
“Oh my, Dr. Busch! Why did you fall? Come on now, let me help you up!” Ezra feigned concern and went up to Brooke, helping him up to his feet.
He patted the dust off Brooke’s clothes and smiled. “I was just joking. Why are you so nervous? Look at you! Why are you all sweaty?”
Brooke clenched his fists tightly, and his eyes flashed with resentment. But in the end, it turned into resignation. Slowly, he unballed his fists.
“Dr. Busch, so, have you reconsidered your decision? Are you selling or not?”
Eleanor put on a sincere expression.” You need to understand that I’m trying to help you.”
Their act of good cop and bad cop made Brooke nothing more than a puppet for them to toy with.
“I-I’ll sell!” Brooke spat out the words in humiliation.
“Hehe, that’s more like it.” Ezra chuckled, happy that he finally understood. “Great, this is the transfer contract. Sign here, and you will get 20 million. dollars. It would be enough to secure your family’s livelihood.”
Eleanor seemed to have prepared for this. She took out a contract from her bag and passed it to Brooke.
Brooke received the contract with trembling hands as tears streamed down his face. In the end, he couldn’t fight against the powerful elites.
Brooke let out a long sigh and tried not to think about it. He was about to put down his signature when a hand stopped him.
He then heard a calm voice. “Dr. Busch, I’ll take Harmony Healers. I’ll pay 30 million for it!”
###Chapter 1393 by Marina Vittori
“30 million?” Everyone present was stunned. They only realized it was Dustin who spoke out when they looked up at the source of the voice.
“Bastard, what did you just say?” Ezra tilted his head, thinking his hearing had failed him. Eleanor was also frowning, looking extremely upset.
“Dr. Busch, I’m willing to purchase Harmony Healers for 30 million.
“Not only that, I’ll make sure that Harmony Healers will be rebuilt as is. You will continue to be the head doctor and oversee the management.”
Brook was stunned into silence, understanding the implications behind Dustin’s words. This proposition allowed Harmony Healers to maintain its current glory while he continued its benevolent mission.
Though he would forfeit any claim to its profits, that sum of money was insignificant in comparison to preserving the clinic’s reputation and his own peace of mind.
“D-Dustin, are you being serious?” Brooke was doubtful.
“Absolutely.” Dustin nodded firmly. “Harmony Healers exists to help the people. As a doctor myself, I cannot simply stand by and watch the clinic become a tool for capitalists to make money.
“That is why I’m going to protect it. It now depends on whether you will be willing to sell it.”
“Of course, I’m willing. It’s just…” Brooke’s gaze shifted to Ezra and the others. He didn’t care about the money. He would even offer it to Dustin for free since he saw him as his successor.
The issue lay in the fact that both the Swansons and the Welchs had set their sights on Harmony Healers. Dustin’s purchase of Harmony Healers would be a direct challenge against them. It was a dangerous act that would only harm Dustin.
“Bastard! Spare us the theatrics!” Ezra sneered.
“Just look at your tattered clothes. You’re no different than a beggar. You’ll never be able to scrape together 30 million in your whole life!
“What makes you think you can buy Harmony Healers? You’re clearly unqualified!”
In Ezra’s eyes, the two of them were clearly acting. Whether it was to protect Harmony Healers or drive up the price, Brooke had intentionally had Dustin up the price. It was an underhanded tactic he had seen far too often.
“That doesn’t concern you. But if I were to come up with 30 million, what will you do about it?” Dustin challenged.
“Hah! If you somehow manage to produce that sum, I’ll hand Harmony Healers over to you willingly! I’ll wash my hands of its affairs!” Ezra jeered in disdain.
“Do you even have that kind of money? Why don’t you sell your kidney to fund that amount? I’ll pay you one million for each kidney. How about it?”
Zion and the others laughed at Ezra’s mocking. They looked at Dustin as if he were a fool. Eleanor interjected in a cold and bitter tone, “Dustin, stop fooling around. Harmony Healers is in ruins. Passing it to us is the only sensible choice.
“First, you lack the funds, and second, you lack the influence. You’d be wise not to act as the hero.” Eleanor’s gaze was filled with hatred.
How would a mere doctor have 30 million? And what made him think he was qualified to challenge the wealthy?
“Fooling around?”
###Chapter 1394 by Marina Vittori
Dustin shook his head as he chuckled. Instead of explaining, he took out a red card. The front side of the red card featured a golden dragon that appeared powerful and intimidating. On the back of the card were two words in gold: Royal Empire.
“This is the Royal Empire Card from Langford Bank. Only those with assets exceeding a billion are worthy of this card.
“With this card alone, I can withdraw 50 million of cash from any bank in Dragonmarsh. So why don’t you tell me? Am I able to afford Harmony Healers? Am I able to produce 30 million?”
Dustin displayed the red card in his hands clearly, looking at them mockingly.
“What? The Royal Empire Card from Langford Bank?” Everyone widened their eyes in disbelief. Langford Bank was Dragonmarsh’s largest bank backed by the national treasury. It had multiple tiers of clients.
They had executive-tiered clients, gold -tiered clients, platinum-tiered clients, black-tiered clients, diamond- tiered clients, and the highest-tiered, royal empire clients.
Two minimum requirements needed to be fulfilled to achieve royal empire status. First, the person’s assets had to start from billions.
Second, they had to be prominent figures with significant social influence, for example, the patriarchs of wealthy aristocratic families, renowned philanthropists, or pillars of the nation.
It wasn’t an exaggeration that those who owned Langford Bank’s Royal Empire Card stood atop the wealth pyramid. Making money was just like breathing to them.
The issue was less than 50 people owned the Royal Empire Card in the whole of Dragonmarsh. They were all in the hands of major power players and were not used lightly unless absolutely necessary. O
“H-How do you have the Royal Empire Card?” Ezra was unsettled at the sight of the luxurious red card in Dustin’s hands.
Even though he was the scion of an influential family, he was only qualified to apply for a Black Card. He was several tiers lower in comparison to Dustin’s Royal Empire Card. He couldn’t understand how a poor loser like Dustin owned such a prestigious item.
“How I have it doesn’t concern you. I just need an answer. Do you think I would be able to produce 30 million?” Dustin said calmly.
Ezra’s mouth twitched. He was momentarily rendered speechless. Those with the card could easily take out 300 million, let alone 30 million.
“I-Impossible!” Eleanor suddenly screeched. “How could you own Langford Bank’s Royal Empire Card with your status? It must be fake!”
It finally made sense to the crowd after they heard Eleanor. The Royal Empire Card was an extremely prestigious card.
Even the children of influential families didn’t possess the qualifications to own the card. How could a nobody like Dustin possibly obtain a real Royal Empire Card?
“Great job, Rhys! I almost fell for it!” Ezra sneered after coming back to his senses.
“I wondered how a poor loser like you could have a Royal Empire Card. It turns out that it’s a forged card you made for the sake of showing off. How shameless!”
“Please open up your goddamned eyes and take a closer look! The patterns, the embossed steel graving, and the anti-counterfeit mark on it are as clear as day. How could it be fake?” Dustin retorted.
“Hmph! With today’s technology, it is easy to forge a card. Your Royal Emperor Card may seem real, but I can spot its flaws with just one look. It must be fake!”
Eleanor spoke with utmost confidence, not leaving any room for a rebuttal. She then put on a sorrowful expression. Oh, Dustin. I never thought you were this kind of person.
“It’s one thing to have no skills, but you actually enjoy employing these underhanded tricks to deceive the people.
“Did you know that forging the Royal Emperor Card is a grave offense? Using it to deceive the public is an even greater offense.
“Once the authorities find out, you’ll be spending your whole life in prison!”
###Chapter 1395 by Marina Vittori
“What? Prisoned for life?” Brooke’s face paled, and he broke out in a cold sweat. Eleanor’s threat had made him panic since he also doubted the card’s authenticity. He didn’t want Dustin to get into trouble because of him!
“Dustin, you need to put that away before it gets you into trouble!” Brooke said in a hushed voice as he tugged at his sleeve. Destroying the fake card in time should help avoid any potential problems.
“Rhys! You’ve got some nerve! You must be tired of living if you dared forge a Royal Empire Card!” Ezra’s hostile gaze was fixed on Dustin.
“Dustin, I’m giving you a chance to make amends. As long as you admit to your mistake, destroy that card, and leave this place, I’ll pretend like nothing ever happened.” Eleanor held her head high, and her tone was condescending.
“Why should I admit to a mistake? You’re the ones too blind to recognize an authentic card. If you don’t believe me, we can always take a trip to Langford Bank.” Dustin was unfazed. Austin had given him the card as a gift before his departure. It couldn’t be fake.
“Dustin! That’s enough!” Eleanor’s expression darkened. She rebuked him, “I’ve seen through your act, so why are you still being so stubborn? I’m giving you a chance to turn back. If you continue like this, don’t blame me for taking action!”
“What? Are you going to have me arrested?” Dustin raised his eyebrows slightly.
“If there’s a need for it, I will!”
Eleanor spoke with self-righteousness, “I won’t just stand by and watch as you go astray. Perhaps you’ll only learn your lesson and correct your ways if you are sent to prison.
“I’m doing this for your own good.”
“For my own good? Hahaha! That sounds really grating to my ears.”
Dustin sneered. “Eleanor Welch, don’t you find yourself incredibly hypocritical? Clearly, you’re the one causing harm. Yet you insist on making grandiose claims and putting on a virtuous facade.
“Your fake persona is making me sick.”
“H-How dare you!” His words irritated Eleanor.
“Dustin! I’ve shown you remarkable patience and leniency. You’d better not push your luck!”
“Bastard! I’m ordering you to apologize to Eleanor right now! Or you won’t like the consequences!” Ezra yelled.
“What? You’re going to get physical? Go ahead and try.” Dustin showed no fear. “You son of a bitch!” Ezra’s anger reached its peak. He was about to take action when Eleanor raised her hand to stop him.
In a lowered voice, she told him, “Hold on, there are many eyes here. You’ll only hurt our reputation if you hit him in public.”
“Are we just going to let him go, then?” Ezra frowned, somewhat unwilling.
“Stay calm. To achieve our ives, we must keep a cool head.” Eleanor remained surprisingly composed.
“South City is our territory with everything under our control. Dealing with a nobody like him would be a piece of cake.”
“Fine, for your sake, I’ll let this man roam freely for another day.” Ezra’s expression softened. The fire had attracted a significant crowd to the area. Many of them were recording videos and taking photos.
Acting out could have caused problems if it were exposed. It was better to be patient and seek retaliation later. “If you two are too afraid to take action, then please leave,” Dustin said indifferently.
“Also, I’ve bought Harmony Healers. Feel free to come at me going forward.”
“Bastard! You really intend on going against us? Fine! Let’s see how long you last!” Ezra smirked.
“Dustin. I’m giving you one last chance. Apologize to me and hand over Harmony Healers. “Then I’ll persuade Ezra to let you off the hook. What do you say?” Eleanor put on a generous front.
###Chapter 1396 by Marina Vittori
“Eleanor, don’t think too highly of yourself. I couldn’t care less about your so-called opportunity,” Dustin responded coldly.
From the moment Eleanor took advantage of him, and when Alistair and Joanne repaid his kindness with hostility, the relationship between the two sides had become irreconcilable.
“Fine, since you’re so stubborn, don’t blame me for moving on from our past friendship!” Elearnor’s expression darkened.
“The same goes for you. If both your families continue harboring ill intentions, you’ll bear the consequences!” Dustin retorted.
“How stupid!” With a disdainful snort, Eleanor turned around and walked away. She was about to get into her car when a thought struck her.
She turned back to ieer. “Oh, I forgot to mention. The Welch family and the Swanson family will be collaborating on the development and production of Dew Balm.
“It won’t be long before Dew Balm gains fame in Oakvale and the rest of the world, bringing us a continuous stream of wealth!
“Of course, this is all thanks to you. If you hadn’t provided us with the formula, we wouldn’t have had such a golden opportunity!
“How does it feel? Are you surprised? You should thank us for promoting Dew Balm on your behalf!” Eleanor looked smile. smug as she wore a cheerful
Harmony Healers was nothing compared to the value of Dew Balm. Taking the Dew Balm formula from Dustin was the best decision the Welch family could have ever made.
“Bastards!” Brooke gritted his teeth as anger welled up in him. He knew how valuable Dew Balm was since he had witnessed its miraculous effects..
Dustin could have achieved substantial wealth through Dew Balm. Instead, the Welchs had betrayed him and claimed the formula for themselves.
They were absolutely despicable!
“Eleanor Welch, do you really think you’ve won?” Dustin suddenly questioned.
“Haven’t we?” Eleanor retorted with a smile. “Don’t celebrate just yet. Even though you have the formula, mine is still the original,” Dustin said impassively.
“So what? Even if you have the formula, what can you do? Do you really think you’ll be able to sell it? Don’t be naive!” Eleanor snorted disdainfully.
“South City is our territory. Challenging us would be a foolish move. If you have any sense left, you’ll apologize to us. You might still have a way out, then.”
In this world, the act of copying and undermining original ideas was far from uncommon. What could a mere doctor do against two powerful and wealthy families?
“Since you’re so confident, let’s wait and see what happens.” Dustin remained unbothered.
“Hmph! I’m going to make you regret this!” Eleanor glared at him before leaving. A beggar dared go against her? He clearly didn’t know his place!
“Since you enjoy playing with fire, don’t blame me for responding in the same way.” Dustin narrowed his eyes, his gaze growing colder.
In fact, when he had made the agreement with the Welchs concerning the formula, he had kept a backup plan in case things went south.
He had intended to provide them with the complete formula after securing the other two precious herbs. He didn’t expect them to go back on their word and repay kindness with enmity instead.
He was going to make them pay a heavy price for their betrayal!
###Chapter 1397 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin, you shouldn’t have acted impulsively earlier.
“I’m afraid it’ll be difficult for you to remain in South City after provoking both the Swanson and Welch families.” Brooke expressed his concerns with a soft sigh.
“Dr. Busch, don’t worry. I have someone backing me. It won’t be easy for them to mess with me,” Dustin smiled faintly.
“Backing? From who?” Brooke perked up immediately. He wondered where Dustin got the courage to challenge powerful and influential families. It turned out that he had someone behind him.
It made sense when he thought about it carefully. How could he have acted the way he did without support?
“That’s a secret for now. You’ll find out when the time comes,” Dustin teased. He never took the Swansons or Welchs seriously. His intention was just to avoid any unnecessary attention and keep his identity concealed.
He wanted to avoid catching the attention of certain forces and preferred maintaining a low profile whenever possible.
After a strenuous rescue effort, the massive fire at Harmony Healers was finally extinguished. However, the once majestic and solemn building had turned into a run-down building.
Nothing remained but cracked walls, debris, and remnants of the fire’s destruction. The damage was so severe that it would need to be demolished and completely reconstructed.
The entire process would not only be expensive, but it would also be time- consuming and labor-intensive.
“Ezra Swanson is such an asshole!”
Brooke couldn’t hold back his tears as he stared at the ruin that was once Harmony Healers.
“Since things have already ended up this way, I hope you can keep your head up. I will do my best to help you rebuild Harmony Healers,” Dustin consoled.
“Rebuild?” Brooke shook his head. It looked like he had aged a few years.
“The Swansons and the Welchs already target Harmony Healers. Even if I rebuild it, they can always set it on fire again. I’m tired of constantly going against them.”
“Dr. Busch, if you trust me, please sell Harmony Healers to me. I promise I will have Harmony Healers regain its former glory,” Dustin said earnestly.
Medical establishments like Harmony Healers, which served to treat the people, were national treasures that should not be allowed to fade away.
Traditional medicine was already on the decline, with fewer and fewer practitioners. That was why every clinic had to be preserved.
“Dustin, your words bring me immense comfort,” Brooke wiped away his tears and smiled. “To be honest, I’ve been searching for a suitable successor. Your character and medical skills have always impressed me. You are undoubtedly the best choice.
“Now, I’ve decided to pass Harmony Healers to you as a gift.”
“A gift?” Dustin was taken aback. “Dr. Busch, that won’t do. Harmony Healers is extremely valuable and represents a lifetime of your hard work. I can’t just accept it for free!”
“Dustin, I don’t need money. I just wish for Harmony Healers to continue flourishing,”
Brooke continued sincerely, “I’m getting older and don’t have much time left. If you can inherit my legacy, it will fulfill one of my long-cherished wishes.
“Compared to the legacy of our ancestors, material wealth is not even worth mentioning.” If someone else were to buy it from him, it would be priceless. But for Dustin, he would give it away for free.
That was the only way to ensure traditional medicine knowledge would be passed down to the next generation.
“Dr. Busch, your integrity and principles are truly admirable,” Dustin expressed his profound respect for Brooke. He stated, “Since you have placed your trust in me, I will do everything in my power to uphold and expand the legacy of Harmony Healers!”
“This is great!” Brooke smiled with relief. Tears streamed down his face again, but this time, it was tears of happiness. Harmony Healers had finally found a worthy successor!
Dustin didn’t stay for long. After helping Brooke into the car, he returned to his own villa. Since Harmony Healers was destroyed, Cinna and Brooke were left without a place to stay.
Fortunately, Dustin had them settled in a villa he had newly purchased. That way, he could take care of them better and make sure they were safe.
After completing the arrangements, Dustin took out his phone and dialed a number. As soon as the call connected, he heard a charming voice on the other side,” Hello, handsome, do you miss me already?
“Are you going to ask me out on a date? Let me warn you: I’m bad at holding my liquor. I get drunk with just one drink.”
###Chapter 1398 by Marina Vittori
“Ms. Camron, I have a business proposal I’d like to discuss with you, one that’s sure to be absolutely profitable.” Dustin got straight to the point.
“Oh? What kind of business?” Lana was interested. “I can’t explain it over the phone. Let’s meet face-to-face at Regal Court in an hour,” Dustin suggested.
“Alright, see you there.”
After hanging up, Dustin got into his car and left the house. With Maximus keeping guard at home, he didn’t need to worry about what the Swansons and Welchs were up to.
It was noon when Dustin arrived at Regal Court. He walked through the front doors and was led straight to the second floor by a waiter. He eventually ended up in a private room.
Inside, Lana was sipping her tea leisurely in her tight-fitting red dress. She had put on light makeup and had a paper fan in her hand.
Her long hair was tied behind her back, and her red dress accentuated her voluptuous figure, making her exceptionally alluring. Her long, pale legs that were crossed were particularly eye-catching.
Despite her vintage and elegant attire, she gave off a sensual and captivating charm. The difference in style made her all the more desirable.
“Oh, handsome, you’ve arrived? Please, take a seat.” Lana stood up and welcomed Dustin as he entered, flashing a flirtatious smile.
“Ms. Camron, sorry for making you wait.” Dustin took a seat gracefully.
“It’s nothing. I just arrived myself.” Lana smiled faintly and poured Dustin a cup of tea.
“Here, I brewed it myself. Try it.”
Dustin brought the teacup to his lips and took a sip. He nodded. “It’s good tea, and it has a distinctive taste.”
“Of course, I prefer unique things,” Lana smiled meaningfully. Dustin hadn’t noticed when she slipped off her high heels, but her foot was now gradually making its way up his calf.
“Ms. Camron, shall we start talking business?” Dustin smoothly retracted his leg. He continued calmly, “I invited you out today to discuss a potential collaboration where we can make money together.”
“Make money?” The corner of Lana’s lips curved up into a smile.
“Now that you’ve brought this up, I don’t feel tired anymore. What’s the plan?!!
“Have you heard of Dew Balm, Ms. Camron?” Dustin asked.
“Nope.” Lana shook her head.
“Dew Balm is an ointment that works just like Harmony Healer’s golden salve. But it’s much more effective,” Dustin explained.
“Much more effective? How much more effective?” Lana was unconvinced. “It’s at least ten times better than the golden salve.” Dustin’s statement was astonishing.
“Ten times?” Lana’s heart skipped a beat, and she turned serious.
“You’re not joking, are you?”
“If you don’t believe me, I can prove it to you.” Dustin suddenly pulled out a knife as he spoke and slashed himself in the arm.
Instantly, his skin was sliced open, and blood began to flow. Without an energy armor, even a grandmaster was not immune to injuries.
“Hey! Are you crazy? Why would you cut yourself like that?” Lana was shocked and quickly pulled out her handkerchief to bandage Dustin’s wound.
She was extremely concerned.
###Chapter 1399 by Marina Vittori
When Dustin noticed Lana’s concerned look, he was momentarily stunned, and his thoughts drifted. It was as though he saw Natasha in her.
He wondered about her well-being and whether she might resent him for taking so long before getting in touch. Shaking himself back to reality, Dustin withdrew his hand.
Stopping Lana from tending to his wound, he explained, “It’s alright, Ms. Camron. It’s just a minor cut. It’ll heal soon after I apply some Dew Balm.”
With that, Dustin took out the Dew Balm he had prepared earlier and applied it to his wound. Unlike the previous versions, which were black in color, the Dew Balm he used this time was a clear emerald green. This was the improved, authentic version. It had no side effects and had a remarkable healing effect.
“Hey, handsome. Even if you wanted to test the medicine, you didn’t have to harm yourself. Look at how painful it looks.” Lana said with a hint of resentment.
“This was the fastest and most convincing way,” Dustin replied with a smile.
“You could have just told me directly. I would have believed you. Why did you have to hurt yourself? If it leaves a scar, your arm won’t look good,” Lana shook her head in bewilderment.
“This is also a point I’m trying to prove. Dew Balm not only heals but also removes scars. Pouring them both tea, Dustin continued with a faint smile. “If everything goes as planned, the wound will completely heal by the time we finish this pot of tea.
“Oh, is that so?” Lana raised an eyebrow, her curiosity piqued by his confidence. As they chatted and sipped their tea, Dustin smiled and said, “Ms. Camron, it’s about time. Please, take a look.”
He picked up a tissue from the table and gently wiped the green ointment off his arm. As the green ointment was wiped away, the once gaping wound miraculously vanished. It left not a single scar, only a faint red mark. It was the sign of newly healed skin!
“What?”
Lana was shocked and asked, “Where’s the wound? Why is it gone?”
“It’s not gone, it just healed.” Dustin corrected her. Lana froze in shock. “How is that possible? A gaping wound healed completely in such a short amount of time!”
“What do you think? Are you satisfied with its effectiveness?” Dustin smiled. “It’s amazing! It’s truly amazing!” Lana grabbed Dustin’s arm and examined it with wide eyes.
She exclaimed, “Handsome, this is the business proposal you were referring to?”
“That’s right. “Dustin nodded.
“Are you interested, Ms. Camron?”
“Of course, I’m interested! I’ve never seen such a miraculous ointment ever. If this can be mass-produced, it will undoubtedly become a bestseller!” Lana’s eyes sparkled with excitement.
Coming from a prestigious family and having been exposed to business from a young age, she recognized the tremendous value of this medicine.
With just a little marketing push, it could easily outperform all other ointments on the market. She had chanced upon a goldmine this time!
“Ms. Camron, don’t get too excited just yet. While Dew Balm is excellent, it also comes with significant risks,” Dustin cautioned.
“Oh? What kind of risks?” Lana asked with a smile.
“To be honest, before I contacted you, I had already sold the Dew Balm formula to the Welchs. However, they went back on our agreement, so I plan to reclaim my assets and teach them a lesson.”
Dustin did not hide any details and briefly explained the situation. Since he had decided to collaborate with Lana, the decision ultimately rested with her.
“So, you mean we have to go against the Welchs? Lana narrowed her eyes, seemingly considering her options.
“It isn’t just the Welchs. They’ve also collaborated with the Swansons,” Dustin clarified.
“What?” Lana was taken aback and chuckled bitterly.
“Handsome, you’re really putting me in a tough spot. You’ve managed to provoke two of South City’s top families.
“Won’t I be walking into a death trap if I were to agree to your proposal?”
With the Camron family’s influence, going against the Welches was already a daunting task, never mind challenging the Swansons, How could a lone wolf possibly win against two fierce tigers?
###Chapter 1400 by Marina Vittori
“Ms. Camron, since this is a collaboration, I won’t let you fight alone. I’ll shoulder most of the pressure.
“Your role would be to manufacture and market the product, using the Camron family connections to build up the reputation of Dew Balm,” Dustin explained earnestly.
Lana fell silent upon hearing this. While Dew Balm was indeed a valuable product, was it worth offending the Swansons and the Welchs over it?
“Of course, if you have your reservations, I won’t force you. Consider this jar of Dew Balm a gift from me to you,” Dustin said with a faint smile. Placing the medicine on the table, he pushed it toward Lana.
The Camrons held significant influence in South City, but even then, they only ranked third. The first and second were the Welchs and the Swansons, respectively.
To take on both of those major families simultaneously would be a tremendous challenge. It now only depended on whether Lana was willing to take the risk.
“Handsome, why did you choose to partner up with me?” Instead of answering directly, Lana responded with a question.
“First, you’re a good person. Second, we seem to share some kind of connection. And third, no family is more suitable than the Camrons,” Dustin answered.
Although they had only just met, Lana had already come to his rescue multiple times. There was no doubt that she was a good person.
Dustin was also willing to help the Camrons ascend to new heights and potentially replace the Swanson families’ and Welch families’ places. Dew Balm would serve as the catalyst and a key factor in the Camron family’s rise to prominence.
“Alright! Since you have so much faith in me, I’ll take the risk with you this time!” After a brief moment of contemplation, Lana finally nodded.
There were always risks when it came to doing business. Since the Camrons had been suppressed for a long time, it was time for them to rise.
“Thank you for your cooperation, Ms. Camron.” Dustin nodded with a smile. It was clear that Lana had strong ambitions and was willing to strive for success. Regular young ladies from prestigious families usually didn’t possess such determination.
“Here’s to a successful collaboration!” Lana raised her cup, flashing a charming smile.
“Cheers to a successful collaboration,” Dustin responded. He gently clinked his cup with hers before downing the whole cup.
“Now, let’s discuss Dew Balm in detail .” After a thorough discussion, they both left Regal Court.
Lana brought Dew Balm back home and approached her father. She used the same self-harm method as Dustin, demonstrating the miraculous healing effects of the ointment.
Matteo Camron, Lana’s father, was first shocked, then surprised by the miraculous ointment. However, upon hearing about the competition with the Swansons and the Welchs, his expression turned grave, and his brows furrowed.
In just a matter of minutes, Matteo’s emotions were a rollercoaster ride, and he found it hard to regain his composure.
“Dad, this is the best opportunity for us Camrons. We mustn’t let it slip away. We’ve been suppressed for so many years, it’s time for us to rise!” Lana persuaded him passionately.
“It’s not that simple. The Swansons and the Welchs have dominated for so many years that it would be hard to challenge them.
“Besides, they already have the formula for Dew Balm. How can we even compete with them?” Matteo could see the situation clearly.
If there were substantial profits at stake, he might have considered taking the risk. The problem was that they currently held no advantage whatsoever. They weren’t the only ones with the formula. How could they possibly stand a chance?
“Dad, Dustin told me that their formula is subpar. The ingredients are expensive, and the ointment also has poor efficacy. It also comes with certain side effects.
“On the other hand, our formula is exactly the opposite. It has a low production cost, excellent efficacy, and provides exceptional value for its price. It’s the epitome of a premium product!
“As long as we promote it with all our might, we’re bound to outshine their Dew Balm and leave them in the dust!” Lana declared confidently.
“Is that really true?” Matteo’s eyes lit up.
“Absolutely, I can swear to it!” Lana extended her pinky.
“No need. I believe in your judgment.” Matteo took a deep breath and finally made a decision.
“They say to become rich, you need to take risks. This time, I’ll take that risk with you!”
###Chapter 1401 by Marina Vittori
Back at the villa, Dustin appeared hesitant as he held up his phone. While he was discussing business with Lana earlier, thoughts of Natasha had surged through his mind. It consumed his every thought and left no room for anything else.
He had learned from Maximus that Natasha had accompanied her grandfather back to Oakvale. She wanted to extend her influence there.
It would take just one call for them to reunite. However, Dustin was worried. Oakvale was a different world from Southern Province. It was filled with brilliant individuals and lurking threats.
His ives in Oakvale were extremely dangerous, and he couldn’t bear to have Natasha involved.
“Maybe I can just meet her briefly and say hello,” Dustin murmured. After pacing back and forth on the balcony, he took a deep breath and dialed her number. The call rang for about five seconds before it connected, and he soon heard a familiar voice.
“Hmph! You jerk, you finally call me. Tell me honestly, where have you been these days? Have you gotten yourself another woman?
“I’ve missed you the entire time, yet you left without a single word, leaving me all alone. Don’t you feel guilty?”
Dustin was left speechless by Natasha’s rapid-fire questions. Her relentless barrage gave him no chance to speak the words he had carefully prepared.
“Hey, why aren’t you saying anything? Are you feeling guilty already?” Natasha finally stopped.
“You didn’t give me a chance to speak,” Dustin replied wryly.
“Oh! So you find me annoying now, don’t you? You think I’m too chatty, huh? Well, look at you, you unfaithful man!
“It’s only been a few days since we last met, and you’re already getting tired of me,” Natasha said with a hint of resentment.
Dustin quickly admitted his mistake. ” Alright, alright, it’s all my fault. Please accept my sincere apology. I hope you find it in your heart to forgive me this time.”
“Hmph! Considering your sincere apology, I’ll forgive you this time. But you’d better not do it again,” Natasha replied with a slight smirk.
In truth, over the past few days, she had wanted to call and ask about him many times. However, she had restrained herself, fearing she might be a bother. Now that Dustin had reached out to her, she could finally put her anxious heart at ease.
“Natasha, I heard that you’ve settled in Oakvale. How is your new company coming along?” Dustin asked.
“It’s going incredibly well, of course,” Natasha replied, smiling. She added, “Dash Corporation has already taken form and is growing stronger every day. I’m confident we’ll establish a significant presence in Oakvale within half a year!”
With her grandfather’s support, it was. hard for things not to go her way.
“That’s great.” Dustin chuckled. Then he asked, “By the way, do you have time tonight? I’d like to take you out for dinner.”
“Perfect timing, we’re having a celebration banquet at the company tonight. Just come straight over, and I’ll show you around afterward.”
“Alright, see you tonight.”
After they exchanged a few more words, Dustin hung up, feeling satisfied. He suddenly thought of something and went to his bedroom. He rummaged through his wardrobe and eventually found a designer suit.
This suit had been a gift from Natasha. He had cherished it too much to wear it out. Finally, the time had come to put it on and show it off.
Dustin was never one to pay much attention to his attire. His wardrobe. mostly consisted of ten-dollar clothes he’d found at thrift stores.
But today, since he was meeting Natasha, he was determined to dress up nicely. He didn’t want to embarrass her. At dusk, Dustin drove through Central City, following directions from his GPS.
Oakvale was divided into five major regions. They were the north, east, south, west, and central regions. Since each region covered an area as huge as a city, they were referred to as cities.
The north region was known as North City, the east region was known as East City, the south region was known as South City, and the West region was known as West City.
And right in the middle, protected by those four regions, was Central City, also known as the Inner City.
###Chapter 1402 by Marina Vittori
Within the Inner City was the City of Aylka, symbolizing supreme power. It was a sacred place that countless ambitious individuals dreamt of being in.
It was also where Dustin intended to seek the truth and justice. However, now was not the time for that.
Inner City was quite congested, as it happened to be rush hour. Even though Dustin had left an hour early, it was already dark when he finally arrived at his destination.
Natasha hosted the celebration at Skylight Heights Hotel, a luxurious five -star hotel. The venue was perfect for hosting a grand celebration as it offered a wide range of entertainment facilities.
It was a high-end establishment with excellent service, making it the ideal choice for hosting such an event. Meanwhile, inside Banquet Hall One on the top floor of the hotel, a group of young men and women had come together.
They were all elegantly dressed, toasting their drinks and chatting happily. On stage, song and dance performances were constantly entertaining the audience below. The entire banquet hall was abuzz with vibrant energy.
“Cody, do you think Ms. Harmon will show up tonight?”
In a corner, a man and a woman were holding their wine glasses as they looked around anxiously. It was as if they were searching for someone. They were none other than Harper and Cody.
“Of course, she will!” Cody said confidently. He continued, “I’ve asked around.. Today is Dash Corporation’s celebration banquet. As the chairwoman, she’s bound to be here.. She’ll probably arrive shortly.”
“I’m a bit worried. Can Ms. Harmon really help us?” Harper expressed her concerns. She had been traumatized by the arson at Harmony Healers today. If she hadn’t stayed out all night yesterday, she might have already died in the flames.
Most importantly, the Swansons were the culprits behind the fire. So, Harper didn’t even dare report it.
To protect herself, she could only turn to Cody for help and seek assistance from those with even greater influence. That was why Cody had brought her to this place.
“Harper, I’m not even exaggerating. If you can convince Ms. Harmon to get involved, not only the Swansons, even the Welchs would need to yield!” Cody said seriously.
“She’s that powerful?” Harper’s eyes widened in surprise.
She asked, “Cody, who exactly is this Ms. Harmon?”
Cody glanced around and whispered, ” Harper, did you know that beyond Oakvale’s eight great families, there are also the four ancient houses?”
“I’ve heard something about it.” Harper nodded. The prominent and wealthy families were already the limit of her social circle. She didn’t even dare think about associating herself with the ancient houses of Oakvale.
They stood as the most powerful force below the royal family, standing at the pinnacle of Dragonmarsh. They were the kind of families that ordinary people could only admire from afar throughout their lives.
“Since you know about the four ancient houses, it’s easier to explain.” Cody nodded He continued seriously, “In truth, Ms. Harmon is from the Ballard family, one of the four ancient houses. Her grandfather is none other than the Duke of Lachshire, a highly influential figure in Aylka!”
“What? The Duke of Lachshire?” Harper was so surprised that her voice unintentionally rose a few octaves.
“Keep your voice down!” Cody’s expression shifted, and he quickly covered Harper’s mouth. Once he made sure that no one heard them, he slowly removed his hand.
“This is confidential information. You must not divulge it, or you’ll be in great danger!” he warned.
“Alright, alright…” Harper nodded repeatedly as she covered her mouth with her hands. Within moments, she was drenched in cold sweat. The woman she was meeting today was the granddaughter of the Duke of Lachshire. That was far from what she expected.
The Duke of Lachshire was such a prominent figure that they could easily request an audience with the King. With just a single step, he could make Oakvale tremble.
In the presence of such an authoritative figure, the Swansons and the Welches were like ants. They weren’t even worth mentioning!
With that thought, Harper became excited. If she could impress Natasha, she could align herself with the towering giant that was the Duke of Lachshire. With that connection, she could potentially achieve anything in Oakvale.
###Chapter 1403 by Marina Vittori
“Harper, do you realize how powerful she is now?” Cody’s face displayed a hint of pride.
“As long as Ms. Harmon is willing to step in, the Swansons won’t be able to do anything,” he finished.
“You’re right…” Harper nodded enthusiastically. She was filled with delight. She had made up her mind. She was going to impress Natasha no matter what it took.
By doing so, she could turn her situation around. Plus, she could also rise to the upper circle of Oakvale’s elite.
“By the way, Cody, how do you know all this?” Harper suddenly became curious.
“To be honest, my uncle is a military advisor in the monarchy working under the Duke of Lachshire. He has a lot of connections. So it’s easy for me to learn about all these secrets,” Cody replied proudly.
In fact, Natasha’s identity was already publicly known within the powerful circles. It wasn’t much of a secret. Rather, it was something most ordinary people wouldn’t come across.
“Cody, you’re truly amazing!” Harper gave him a thumbs up, her sparkling with admiration. eyes The look of adoration on her face pleased Cody. Having a devoted fan girl following him around certainly boosted his ego.
“Cody, what does Ms. Harmon look like? What if she comes, and we don’t recognize her?” Harper’s eyes scanned around nervously. She was afraid of missing the opportunity if she made a mistake.
“I don’t exactly know what she looks like, but I’m sure she’s exceptionally beautiful!” Cody affirmed confidently.
“You’ve never even seen her, so how would you know she’s beautiful?” Harper was puzzled.
“Even though I haven’t seen her, I’ve heard about her beauty,” Cody replied. Taking a sip of his wine, he said calmly, “I believe you must be familiar with the Beauty Ranking?”
“I know about that.” Harper nodded. “The Beauty Ranking, also known as the Belle Hundreds, is a list of one hundred gorgeous women. They were all carefully selected from across the country.
“Their looks are the main basis for evaluation. Next is their family background, followed by personal talents.
“Women across the nation take pride in earning a spot on the Beauty Ranking. But the selection process is exceptionally rigorous, and only the most outstanding beauties make it to the list.”
When Harper finished speaking, a trace of sadness flickered in her eyes. She considered herself a woman with striking beauty and considerable talents, yet she couldn’t even make it to the lowest rank of the Beauty Ranking. There were too many beautiful women in Dragonmarsh.
“That’s right. Those who make it onto the Beauty Ranking are all stunningly beautiful, and Ms. Harmon is one of them!” Cody’s expression was full of anticipation.
“What? Ms. Harmon is on the Beauty Ranking?” Harper was both surprised and envious. It was no wonder Cody was so confident earlier.
“Not only is she on the list, but she also ranks among the top. She is currently in third place!”
Cody’s statement was astonishing.
“Third third place?” Harper’s eyes widened, and her voice began to tremble. Making it onto the Beauty Ranking was an impressive feat on its own. To rank among the top, however, was a whole different level of prestige.
Besides her remarkable background, Harper never expected Natasha to possess extraordinary beauty. The thought of competing with a woman like her was daunting.
“Ms. Harmon is third, the Goddess of War, Scarlet Spanner, is second, and the mysterious Grace Linsor takes the number one spot.”
Cody named the top three women on the Beauty Ranking as if he were listing his most cherished treasures. His admiration was evident. He would be satisfied with his life if he could marry any of the top ten women on the list.
“Cody, you’re quite handsome and talented. Why don’t you try and pursue Ms. Harmon?” Harper suddenly suggested.
She actually had some feelings for Cody and held him in high regard. However, she would give him up to align herself with Natasha.
###Chapter 1404 by Marina Vittori
“Stop joking. Ms. Harmon is pursued by many outstanding people in the industry. How could I compare to them? Cody shook his head. Even though he was flattered, he was self-aware. The gap between their social status was far too wide.
“Cody, if you put your heart into it, you can achieve anything. No matter what, you should give it a try. What if you happen to be Ms. Harmon’s type?” Harper encouraged him.
“Really?” Cody was somewhat uncertain.
“Why would I lie to you?”
Then, Harper added, “Look at yourself. You’re handsome, tall, poised, and charming,
“Most importantly, you’re skilled in medicine, attentive, and have great character. A man of your caliber is truly a rare find in this world!”
“Is that so?” Cody ran his fingers through his hair and straightened his tie. His confidence surged, and he looked delighted.
After all, he considered himself an outstanding and nearly perfect man. He also had tremendous potential. It didn’t seem too far-fetched to marry the granddaughter of the Duke of Lachshire, right?
“Cody, believe in yourself. You’re the best, and as long as you show her your charm, you’ll definitely win Ms. Harmon’s heart!” Harper continued to encourage him.
“Harper, you really understand me so well!”
Boosted by all the praise, Cody couldn’t stop grinning. He was completely inflated. “I’ve got the figure, the looks, and the talent.
“With this level of perfection, I’m more than enough for Ms. Harmon. That’s why I’ve decided to give her a chance to win me over!”
“That’s the spirit.” Harper smiled. If Cody managed to win Ms. Harmon’s heart, she could also share in his glory.
“Hey … are you two daydreaming?” They suddenly heard a dispassionate voice behind them. Both Harper and Cody were startled. They turned around and were greeted by a familiar face.
“Dustin, what are you doing here?” Cody was taken aback.
“Why? Can’t I be here?” Dustin retorted.
“Hmph! This is an upscale gathering place for the elite. Who are you to gain entry here? Are you even qualified to enter this place?” Harper said coldly. She had been holding a grudge against Dustin ever since he threatened to disfigure her.
“Your status isn’t much higher than mine either. If you’re able to get in, so can I.” Dustin shrugged.
“You-” Harper was about to lose her temper when Cody raised his hand to stop her. “Remember where we are. Don’t make a fool out of yourself.”
Harper took a deep breath and managed to hold back her anger. She had important matters to handle today. Dealing with Dustin could wait until after they won Natasha over.
“Dustin, when did you arrive?” Cody tried to force a smile. “Since you mentioned your uncle having a position in the monarchy,” Dustin said indifferently.
“What? Doesn’t that mean you heard everything?” Cody suddenly raised his tone. When he noticed other people looking their way, he coughed to ease the embarrassment.
“I overheard about half of it,” Dustin admitted calmly.
“You … How could you do that?” Cody sounded nervous.
“You were eavesdropping behind us without saying a word. It’s creepy!”
“I was just passing by. Who would’ve thought you’d start talking about such absurd matters and having inappropriate thoughts? I just couldn’t take it anymore.” Dustin shook his head.
“Hmph! What we talk about is none of your business!” Harper retorted.
“Dustin, don’t you think you’re being too nosy? I’m handsome and talented. Is there a problem with me pursuing Ms. Harmon?” Cody asked darkly.
“You can pursue anyone you like but her.” Dustin shook his head.
“Why?” Cody frowned.
“Because she’s mine,” Dustin said calmly, asserting his dominance.
###Chapter 1405 by Marina Vittori
“What? She’s yours?” Both Cody and Harper exchanged puzzled glances when they heard that. They began to wonder if they had heard him wrongly.
Natasha was, after all, a siren who ranked third in the Beauty Ranking. Besides, she was also the Duke of Lachshire’s granddaughter.
She was basically the dream of countless young men! How dare a poor loser like Dustin so shamelessly claim that she was his? Had he lost his mind?
“Dustin. Are you … serious?” Cody probed.
“Of course,” Dustin answered confidently. “Pfft!” Cody burst out laughing as though he’d just heard the greatest joke of the century.
“Oh, Dustin! Do you even hear yourself? Did you just say that Ms. Harmon is yours? Hahaha!” Cody clutched his belly as he laughed with an exaggerated expression.
“Hmph! How shameless!” Harper folded her arms in front of her chest as she huffed. “Don’t you have any self- awareness?
“Don’t go around thinking that your identity has changed just because you put on new clothes. A loser will always remain a loser! Someone like you isn’t even fit to hold Ms. Harmon’s shoes!”
Natasha came from a noble background. Not only that, she had the looks, a perfect figure, and was immensely capable. A woman as brilliant as her had no lack of suitors.
So how dare a poor beggar like Dustin even think of claiming Natasha as his? He was desiring someone way out of his league!
“Dustin, please be more self-aware. Though it’s good to be ambitious, you should consider if it’s reasonable!”
Cody snickered and said, “There’s a world of difference between you and Ms. Harmon. She’s like the brightest star in the sky, and you’re nothing more than an ant deep underground..
“No matter how hard you try, you’ll never reach her. So wake up, Dustin. Quit dreaming!”.
Even Cody, with his prominent background, dared not brag about calling Natasha his. How dare someone like Dustin do so?
“Hey, don’t make fun of others! There are some things you’ll never understand,” Dustin retorted calmly. He continued, “I still stand by what I said. Natasha is mine, so you both better not be getting any thoughts.”
“You’re lying! I’d like to see just how long you can keep up this act!” Harper pursed her lips in disdain.
“Dustin, making baseless claims comes at a cost. If Ms. Harmon hears the nonsense you’ve said, you might get into trouble! So you better watch your mouth.” Cody chuckled condescendingly.
“I’ve said all there is to say. It’s up to you whether you believe me.” Dustin didn’t want to waste his time on making further explanations.
There was no point in saying more to these narrow-minded people. He had given them the warning they needed. Just then, a commotion broke out near the entrance. When they looked over, their eyes lit up immediately.
A lady dressed in a black evening gown walked in elegantly in her black stilettos. Her stunning figure was to die for, and all eyes were on her.
Even without any make-up on, she still looked absolutely stunning. Her cold and aloof demeanor only enhanced her elegance. It did nothing to diminish her authority.
As she stood there, she looked like a high and mighty queen. The moment she made her appearance, everyone’s attention was on her, and no one was able to peel their eyes off her.
“What beauty!” Cody gaped, astonishment clear on his face.
“So this is what true beauty looks like.” Even Harper was startled by how charming the lady was. She even began to feel inferior when she compared the lady’s flawless looks and figure to her own. Harper was undoubtedly pretty. But she was no match for the unparalleled beauty before her.
There were a significant number of socialites and wealthy heiresses in attendance tonight. All of them had put in a lot of effort to look good, and they were indeed stunning.
However, the moment Natasha entered the hall, she instantly outshone them, stealing the limelight.
###Chapter 1406 by Marina Vittori
“Greetings, Ms. Harmon!”
“Hello, Ms. Harmon!” After a short moment of silence, the entire hall erupted in loud chatter. Everyone began crowding around Natasha to greet her.
Those who could show up at the event were either high-ranking officials or top executives of major corporations. It was only natural that they knew Natasha’s identity.
There were even some who had attended the event for the sole purpose of sucking up and currying favor from her.
“No need for formalities, everyone. Please make yourself comfortable.”
Natasha remained composed. She showed no reaction to the crowd, who flattered and fawned over her. Her alluring eyes swept across the hall as though searching for something.
“Cody, could that be Ms. Harmon?” Harper discreetly pointed at Natasha. “She should be. I cannot think of anyone who has such captivating beauty apart from Ms. Harmon!”
Cody’s eyes were bright, his face flushed, and his heartbeat accelerated. He had seen many beautiful women, but never one this enchanting.
In that moment, he finally understood what it was like to fall in love at first sight. He’d willingly give up ten years of his life to be able to marry such a bombshell!
“As expected of someone who ranks third in the Beauty Ranking. She truly is a feast for the eyes!” Harper could not seem to take her eyes off Natasha.
As a woman, she noticed that she felt no jealousy for Natasha. Instead, Harper was just blown away by her beauty. Right at that moment, Natasha, who was surrounded by people, seemed to have spotted something.
Joy came over her, and she hurried toward a particular direction. There was no concealing the happiness on her face. “Look, Cody! Ms. Harmon is heading our way! Could she be coming for you?”
When she saw Natasha approaching them, Harper was both excited and anxious.
“Coming for me? No way.” Cody was taken aback and at a loss. He had been full of confidence earlier. But when he saw Natasha in person, he couldn’t help feeling intimidated and inferior.
She was so perfect that she seemed like an angel, so flawless and pure. Cody couldn’t bring himself to even touch her.
“Why not? There are just a few of us here. If she isn’t coming for you, then who else?”
Harper’s imagination began getting the better of her, and she added, “I think you must have caught Ms. Harmon’s eye. That’s why she’s heading here to get to know you!”
“Really?”
Cody took a quick look around and found that it was exactly as Harper had said. There weren’t any people of importance around them that Natasha could be interested in. For a moment, he was both surprised and on edge. Could this be the day he lucked out?
“Be confident, Cody!” Harper quietly cheered him on from the side. “You’re handsome, smart, and very charismatic! It’s no surprise that you’d catch Ms. Harmon’s eye!
“If you grab hold of the opportunity and win her over, you’ll have a bright future ahead!”
With Harper’s flattery and encouragement, Cody grinned widely and regained the confidence he lost.
“Alright! If Ms. Harmon is interested in me, I can’t let her down! I’ll make sure I win her over today!”
Cody straightened his necktie and fixed his hair. Then, he puffed out his chest and walked up to Natasha with his head held high. He almost looked like a gallant knight out to marry his princess.
“Hello, Ms. Harmon. I’m—”
Cody walked up to Natasha and extended his hand. Just as he was about to introduce himself, he realized that Natasha paid him no attention. Instead, she walked straight past him.
Then, under everyone’s gazes, she jumped into Dustin’s embrace joyfully. “I’ve missed you, dear!”
###Chapter 1407 by Marina Vittori
“I’ve missed you, dear!”
Under the incredulous stares of the guests, Natasha jumped into Dustin’s embrace and hugged him tightly.
They truly looked like a pair of lovers who were finally reunited after having been apart for a very long time. They were both intimate and passionate.
However, their bold actions had everyone staring and gaping in shock and disbelief. Cody and Harper, especially, stood frozen in place as though they’d been struck by lightning. They simply could not believe what they saw.
What was going on? She was the chairperson of Dash Corporation and the woman who ranked third on the Beauty Ranking. And most importantly, she was the granddaughter of a duke!
What the hell was happening? Why was she so eager to show affection toward a poor loser?
Cody’s hand was still extended, but without realizing it, he had already turned his head to stare at Dustin and Natasha. The smile on his face stiffened, and his emotions churned.
He was shocked beyond belief. Could Dustin have told the truth? The charming Natasha was actually his?
But how was that even possible? Dustin was a nobody! At most, he knew some martial arts and some medical skills. There were countless people like that in Oakvale! He was as plain as plain could be!
But why? Why would someone like him deserve Natasha’s attention?
While Cody, who was handsome, young, capable, and talented, was completely ignored by her? Why?
“No… No way! How would this rascal even know Ms. Harmon? How is he even fit to stand beside her?” Harper’s eyes were wide. She refused to accept what she saw. In her mind, Dustin was just a country bumpkin who was out to make a living in Oakvale.
He didn’t have the right background, talent or connections. No matter how hard he tried, he would only manage to scrape by. He would remain stuck in the lower social circle for life, never to break out of it.
He wasn’t even good enough for Harper, much less the granddaughter of a duke! They were truly a mismatched couple.
Nobody could make any sense of what was going on.
“How do I look today, dear? Do I look good? I’ve spent a lot of effort looking good for you today.”
Natasha wrapped her arms around Dustin’s waist, lifting her face to look into his handsome one. There was pure joy in her eyes. It had only been several days since they last met, but to her, it felt like a century had passed.
“Of course you look good! You always do.” Dustin smiled and raised his hand to tuck a loose strand of her hair behind her ear.
All his worries and anxiety faded the moment he saw the beauty in front of him. Even the air around him seemed to change instantly.
“Well, if I look so good, why don’t you give me a kiss?”
Natasha lifted a finger and tapped on her luscious lips. Her smile was sexy and tempting.
“What?” Dustin’s smile froze. He lifted his gaze and looked at all the eyes on them coming from every direction. Would it be appropriate to display their affection so openly?
“I’m just pulling your leg.” Natasha chuckled. “I’d be shy with so many people watching too. We can continue this at home.”
A slight smile broke out on Dustin’s face. What a seductive vixen. She hadn’t changed at all. “Here, everyone, allow me to introduce you.” Natasha turned to the guests with her arm linked with Dustin’s.
She said with a smile, “This is my fiancé, Dustin Rhys.”
“Dustin Rhys?”
###Chapter 1408 by Marina Vittori
The crowd exchanged bewildered looks and began to whisper among themselves when they heard what Natasha said.
“Who’s Dustin Rhys? I’ve never heard of him before. Do we have such a person in Oakvale?”
“That’s weird. As someone with wide connections, I’ve never heard of him before, either.”
“So, do you mean to say that he’s not someone special? But why would Ms. Harmon be interested in someone like him?”
“Well, he does have decently good looks. Perhaps he’s just one of those men who pleases women and makes them feel good so that he can mooch off them?”
The influential elites whispered, all looking baffled. As people of the elite circle, they were always very well-informed. However, none of them had ever heard of the name Dustin Rhys. Thus, they deduced that he wasn’t someone from their circle, nor was he anyone of importance.
But what they did not understand was why the high and mighty Natasha would get involved with a small fry like him? Was it true love? Or was it just an infatuation?
“Mr. Rhys! I’ve long since heard of your name!”
A chubby, middle-aged man came up to Dustin with a smile. “I’m Stanley Withams, owner of Skylight Heights Hotel. It’s an honor to finally meet you after hearing so much about you!”
“Hello, Mr. Withams.” Dustin returned the smile. Though Stanley only said what he did to be courteous, it gave Dustin some comfort to hear something nice.
To be able to establish Skylight Heights Hotel and make it so successful showed that Mr. Withams wasn’t a simple- minded person.
“Mr. Rhys, I’m Randell Kymme, chairman of Goodman Corporations. Please show us some support in the future.”
“Mr. Rhys, I’m Rory Maze, assistant general of the City Defenders! If you ever run into any trouble in the future, just let me know! I’ll be sure to handle it for you!”
“Mr Rhys …”
After Stanley introduced himself to Dustin, more and more prominent figures crowded around him. They all flattered and complimented him, trying to gain his favor.
They didn’t know who Dustin was, nor did they care about his identity. Even if he was nothing but a pile of dung, they’d be polite and fawn over him so long as he had Natasha’s favor. That was just the way of the world.
Just moments ago, no one had paid Dustin any mind. But now, he was the center of attention because of Natasha. Everyone clamored to make his acquaintance. Dustin smiled politely at all of them, handling the situation perfectly.
“Why? Why is it him? Why isn’t it me?”
Seeing Dustin gaining everyone’s attention, Cody tightened his fists and clenched his jaw. He was jealous. But most importantly, he was frustrated to have been defeated by someone like Dustin.
Dustin was nothing more than a broke loser, and Cody deemed himself way better than him! So why was it that Natasha picked Dustin over him?
“Don’t be disheartened, Cody. He’s just a boy toy who only has the looks. Perhaps Ms. Harmon will lose interest in him after playing with him for several days.”
Harper continued to influence Cody even though her expression also seemed somewhat uneasy. She refused to believe that someone as excellent as Natasha would willingly marry a nobody like Dustin.
Others aside, the Duke of Lachshire himself would never approve of them. So she was convinced that they wouldn’t last long together. Their relationship was nothing but a short fling.
“Play? How is Dustin Rhys even fit to be played by Ms. Harmon?” Cody was still annoyed.
Dustin had truly lucked out, even if Natasha only saw him as a plaything. Natasha was third on the Beauty Ranking! What a waste of a gorgeous lady! Why was he not the one being played instead? Why?
“What are you doing?” A loud voice suddenly boomed at the entrance. The voice was so loud that it scared the attendees, and they collectively looked over. What they saw was a buff young man in military attire striding in menacingly.
His gaze was sharp, and he had a formidable presence. The golden shoulder badge on his uniform proved that he was a young general.
Natasha’s smile faltered when she saw the man. Her brow knitted together, and disgust was evident in her eyes.
All the elites who surrounded Dustin quickly scurried away as their expressions changed. They didn’t want to be implicated should anything nasty happen.
###Chapter 1409 by Marina Vittori
The entire event hall became silent as the man in military uniform made his appearance. Everyone moved aside to make way for him and avoided him like the plague.
After all, the young man was hot- tempered and unreasonable. He was known to have severe mood swings.
He also had a strong background. It allowed him to throw his temper around without facing any repercussions. Thus, nobody dared to cross him. People normally kept their distance from him to avoid getting into any trouble.
“Cody, who’s that? He looks impressive. Harper was both surprised and curious. The man must be a formidable character to be able to silence the whole event hall.
“If I’m not mistaken, he should be Dexter Fallon of the Fallon family!” Cody remarked as he narrowed his eyes ever so slightly.
“Dexter Fallon? You mean one of the four Chaos Demons?” Harper’s eyes widened in disbelief.
“That’s right. He’s the one.” Cody nodded. He dared not even look straight at Dexter and only stole a peek at him out of the corner of his eyes.
The Fallons were one of the four ancient houses within the city. They were as prestigious as the Ballard family. Plus, they held considerable power and influence.
As for Dexter, he was one of the best among the younger generation. Not only did he have the background, he was also exceptionally talented. At a very young age, he was already a Four-star Marshal. He had a very promising future ahead.
The only problem with him was that he was extremely hot-headed, which often landed him in trouble. He even earned himself the horrible reputation of being called a Chaos Demon.
“That’s weird. Why would an evil menace like him show up here? He looks fierce and downright scary! He isn’t here to raise havoc, is he?” Harper cowered in terror.
There were four Chaos Demons in Oakvale, each with a reputation worse than the next. Just hearing their names alone was enough to strike fear in most people’s hearts.
Dexter was one of them.
“I don’t think he’s here for that. I heard that he’s in love with Ms. Harmon. So he’s probably here for her,” Cody said thoughtfully.
“Hang on!” A thought suddenly came to Harper as she exclaimed, “If Dexter likes Natasha, wouldn’t that make Dustin his rival?”
“Hey… Now that you mention it, that does seem to be the case!” Cody was quick to react, no longer looking so down.
“Knowing Dexter, he’d never allow someone to get close to a woman he has his eyes on. Which means that the rascal, Dustin, is about to get into some serious trouble today!”
“Hah! He had that coming!” Harper huffed, crossing her arms smugly. ” That’s for wanting something he doesn’t deserve!
“How dare he get close to Ms. Harmon when he’s incapable of anything? This is his punishment! I’d like to see how he’s going to deal with this!”
“I knew it! How could such a loser get away with such a bombshell? He’s got such a great rival now. Let’s see if he’ll be able to handle it.”
Cody wore a nasty grin, looking ready to enjoy a show. If he wasn’t able to get her, then Dustin could only dream on!
“Natasha, who’s this rascal?”
Dexter walked in with long strides, his gaze fixed venomously on Dustin.
He had seen everything that had happened between Dustin and Natasha, how intimate and passionately they had behaved.
It went without saying that he was not the least bit pleased about having a love rival crop up so suddenly.
“Who he is has got nothing to do with you!” Natasha exclaimed coldly, not in the mood to entertain him.
“I heard everything that you said! So he’s your boy toy, isn’t he?” Dexter demanded.
“I’ll repeat myself one last time. It’s got nothing to do with you!” Natasha looked at him in disgust.
She had had many suitors, but Dexter was the type she hated the most. He was domineering, unreasonable, and had an inflated ego. He seemed to think that all the women in the world should revolve around him, that he was the center of the universe. Dexter was simply irritating.
“What do you mean it’s got nothing to do with me? You’re the woman I’ve got my eyes on, so you can only be with me! No other men are good enough for you! “Dexter declared firmly.
“And who do you think you are?” Natasha huffed. “You’re all brawns with no brains, and that makes you no better than a gorilla! Who would want to be with someone like you?” “You-“
###Chapter 1410 by Marina Vittori
Dexter raised his hand midair, ready to strike Natasha. However, he forced back the urge to do so. Never had a woman ever dared to speak to him like that. Had he not had his considerations, he’d have had his way with her.
“Hey, rascal! Who are you to snatch my woman away from me? Do you wish to meet your maker so soon?”
Dexter turned to Dustin and glared at him fiercely. He could not get rough with Natasha, but it would be easy for him to deal with a little boy toy. As long as he wasn’t royalty or part of the four ancient houses, Dexter could do anything he liked to him.
“It’s common courtesy to tell the other party your name before asking for theirs,” Dustin said casually.
“Hmph! You want to know who I am? Fine! I’ll tell you!”
Dexter shot him a vicious glare before saying, “Now, listen up, and listen well! I am Dexter Fallon of the Fallon family, one of the four ancient houses! I’m a Four-star Marshal, and they call me the Black Tornado!”
“Oh? So what?” Dustin responded impassively.
“So what?” Dexter was taken aback. He hadn’t expected such an answer from Dustin. Regular people would have gone weak in the knees when they heard about him. But this rascal wasn’t the least bit affected! He started to wonder if he wasn’t clear enough.
“Hey, rascal! Don’t you know the Fallon family, one of the four ancient houses?” Dexter narrowed his eyes on him.
“I do.” Dustin nodded.
“Then do you not know the power of a Four-star Marshal?” Dexter pressed on.
“I do.” Dustin nodded yet again. “Well, since you know of my identity and my powers, why aren’t you afraid of me?” Dexter asked exasperatedly.
“Why should I?” Dustin answered calmly. “You’re nothing but a spoiled and arrogant brat who takes advantage of your social status and power to mistreat others. Why should I be afraid of you?”
An uproar broke out among the guests. “Damn! Has he gone out of his mind? How dare he openly provoke Dexter! Does he have a death wish?”
“He’s too young to know what’s good for him. He really is seeking death to offend the Chaos Demon!”
“When Dexter flies into a rage, there is bound to be bloodshed. The young man’s done for!”
Everyone was shocked by the sudden turn of events. None of them had expected Dustin to be so bold as to openly insult Dexter without a care in the world.
After all, Dexter was a Chaos Demon who planted fear in people’s hearts. He wasn’t one to be messed with! Anyone who had ever crossed Dexter either ended up dead or severely harmed. None of them ever ended up well.
People usually stayed as far away from him as possible. But now, Dustin had actively gone and offended him. Wasn’t he out to make life difficult for himself?
“Hah! What an insolent bastard! How dare he challenge Dexter? He’s truly done for now!”
Cody and Harper snickered coldly, gloating at the misfortune that was about to befall Dustin. If Dexter were to lose his temper, not even Natasha could help him.
“Hey, bastard! What did you just say? I don’t think I heard you right. Say it again if you dare!”
Dexter’s expression darkened. He gnashed his teeth and shot daggers out his eyes. “I said, you’re nothing but an incompetent and incapable spoiled brat who misuses your family’s influence and power to mistreat others. Have I made myself clear now? Did you hear well?” Dustin asked.
The moment he said that, everyone began to have the same thought, There, he’s done it. There’s no hope for him anymore.”
###Chapter 1411 by Marina Vittori
“Hahaha!” Dexter suddenly began laughing. It started as a soft laugh and gradually grew louder and more maniacal. The onlookers felt their skin crawl, and they reflexively moved away to distance themselves.
Dexter was known to be very temperamental, with impulsive mood changes. When his signature laughter appeared, it meant there was bound to be blood soon.
“You’re quite ballsy, aren’t you, rascal? “After Dexter was done laughing, his expression instantly darkened.
“All these years, no one has ever dared to speak to me like that. Incompetent and incapable, you say? Very well, you shall pay for what you said today with your life!”
As he spoke, his hand reached for the gun on his waist.
“Dexter! I’m warning you, you better not act rashly!” Natasha stepped in front of Dustin and shielded him. She continued frostily, “Dustin’s mine. If you dare hurt him, I’ll never let you off!”
“What?” Dexter frowned, his expression turning from bad to worse. ‘Natasha Harmon, do you know what you’re saying? Are you going against me for this boy toy of yours?”
“So what if I’m going against you? Do you really think that you’re above the law?” Natasha wasn’t intimidated by him. Dexter’s reputation might be able to scare the average person, but it wasn’t going to scare her.
“Hmph! I’ll forget what you said because you’re a woman!”
Then, gritting his teeth, he turned his malicious gaze on Dustin.
“Hey, rascal, weren’t you very gutsy just a while ago? What are you doing hiding behind a woman now? If you’ve got what it takes, take me up on a match and let’s settle this between us like real men.”
“You’re no match for me,” Dustin said calmly.
“Fuck! You’re pretty arrogant, aren’t you?”
Dexter continued angrily, “I’m a Four- star Marshal who excels in both martial arts and academics. Who the hell are you to look down on me?”
“So what if you’re a Four-star Marshal? Haven’t you achieved all that you have because you have the entire Fallon family backing you up? Do you really think that you’d be able to enjoy such glory without your family’s support?”
Dustin huffed disdainfully. He had seen his fair share of spoiled scions like Dexter.
They all tend to think they were all that just because they were in positions of power. But they had only gotten those positions because of their family’s influence. In truth, they were just useless trash.
“You asshole! Do you dare take me up on my challenge?” Dexter roared in frustration.
“If you don’t, then get down on your knees and beg for forgiveness! Admit publicly before everyone here that you’re a wimp! I might let you walk away with your life!”
“Fine. If you insist on being beaten up, that’s what you’ll get today. It’ll also serve as a lesson to teach you not to be too full of yourself.” Dustin appeared calm and composed.
“Sure! I’d like to see what you’re made of!” Dexter huffed in contempt as he took off his jacket and tossed it to his subordinates. Then, he made his way up the stage. The performers on the stage immediately dispersed and got off the stage.
“Are you really going to fight him, dear? “Natasha asked.
“Violence is the only way to communicate with brutes like him. There’s no point saying anything else. I’ll just have to beat him into submission before he’ll listen to what we say,” Dustin commented.
“You’ve got a point there.” Natasha nodded. “But please be careful.”
“What? Are you afraid that I’d lose?” Dustin asked with a chuckle. “Of course not!” Natasha rolled her eyes. “What I mean is for you to go easy on him. Don’t batter him up too badly, or things will get messy.”
Natasha knew very well what Dustin was capable of, and he was more than capable of dealing with Dexter.
The only problem was Dexter had the Fallon family behind him, and they were one of the ancient houses. They’d end up in a sticky situation if things got out of hand.
“Don’t worry, I’m just teaching him a lesson so he knows to back off. He’ll be fine.” Dustin smiled. But of course, if Dexter doesn’t get the message, he couldn’t blame Dustin for taking things up a notch.
“Hey, bastard! Why are you stalling down there? Get your ass up here now!”
Dexter stood imposingly on the stage, giving off a ferocious presence. He stood at a height of 6’ 3″, with a buff and well-built physique. His threatening expression made him look truly formidable.
“What’s the rush? Are you in such a hurry to meet your maker?” Dustin shot him a cold glance before slowly making his way up the stage.
###Chapter 1412 by Marina Vittori
His actions elicited hushed whispers among the crowd. “Isn’t the guy a bit too bold? He actually has the gall to go on stage to take Dexter up on his challenge? Dexter’s a decent fighter! It’d be a futile attempt to fight someone like him in a match!”
“Though it’s a courageous act to fight to defend his woman, I still say he’s bringing trouble upon himself.”
“He should have known his place. Wouldn’t it have been better if he just behaved and played the part of the boy toy that he was?
“Why did he have to pretend to be all tough and insult Dexter? He’ll regret it when he ends up injured.”
The guests sighed and shook their heads at Dustin. From how they saw it, Dustin’s actions were no different from seeking out death.
He originally had Natasha defending him, so he’d be alright if he just yielded to Dexter. He could have just pretended like nothing had happened. But because of his ego, he had to offend Dexter. Now, he was stuck in a difficult situation with no way out. He might even lose his life!
“Hmph! What a fool! Wouldn’t it have been better to just cower behind Ms. Harmon? This is what he gets for trying to be the hero!” Cody sneered.
“He overestimates himself! Just because he’s trained in martial arts, he thinks he’s fit to go up against a Four- star Marshal. He’s really seeking trouble!” Harper gloated.
The two stood side by side, watching Dustin make his way up on the stage. They looked at him like he was already dead.
They had been madly jealous of him when they learned that Natasha liked him. But now, there was no need for that anymore. He didn’t have much time left to live anyway.
“This is your final chance, rascal! Get on your knees, beg for forgiveness, and get the hell away from Natasha. I will spare you only if you do that.”
Dexter stood on the stage with his hands behind his back. His expression was cold, and his gaze was sharp. He looked confident that he would win.
“And I’d say the same to you. Quit harassing Natasha, or I’ll beat you up real bad,” Dustin answered.
“You asshole! Let’s see if you’re still so gutsy when death stares you in the face! Dexter couldn’t hold it in any longer, and he flew into a rage.
With a quick leap, he launched himself through the air and threw Dustin a hard punch. His punch was aimed right at Dustin’s face. He packed enough force into it to shatter the hardest rocks. He had always won during military combat. So, dealing with a weak boy toy was a piece of cake.
However, Dustin did not flinch, nor did he duck when Dexter’s attack came straight at him. Instead, he raised his hand and caught Dexter’s fist in his palm.
The two collided with a dull thud. Dustin stood there unmoving. He wasn’t the least bit affected. Dexter, however, was astonished. He had disbelief written all over his face.
When his punch made contact with Dustin’s palm, he felt like his fist had simply melted into his palm. It did not even seem to create an impact!
He had always boasted of his strength. But it was completely ineffective against Dustin! How was that possible?
“If this is all you’ve got, you better admit defeat,” Dustin said casually.
“You’re really asking for it now!” Anger replaced the embarrassment that Dexter felt. He summoned all the internal energy he had within him.
Then, in one swift motion, he threw another punch straight at Dustin’s chin. The force of it was shocking, having increased many folds from his first attack.
“How pig-headed.”
Dustin shook his head and sidestepped Dexter’s blow. At the same time, he reached out to grab Dexter’s wrist and gave it a light tug. Dexter lost his balance and staggered forward.
Dustin stretched his foot out at just the right time, causing Dexter to stumble. He ended up falling forward. Then, with a loud crash, Dexter fell and planted his face on the ground. Gone was his magnificent and formidable image.
###Chapter 1413 by Marina Vittori
The guests gasped in astonishment. They were shocked to see Dexter falling flat on his face. No one had expected that to happen to the magnificent and arrogant Dexter.
Though he had a horrible reputation, no one doubted his abilities. No ordinary person could become a Four- star Marshal or be known as a Chaos Demon.
With Dexter’s abilities, he had no problem defeating ten, or even a hundred men, single-handedly.
For an impressive general with a fearsome reputation to fall in such a humiliating manner, it was truly embarrassing. The powerful image that he used to carry was now completely ruined.
“What’s going on? Why did Dexter suddenly fall?”
Cody stared with wide eyes, not comprehending what had happened.. Everything had happened so quickly that he did not catch what transpired.
“An accident… It must have been an accident!” Harper took a deep breath and began to convince herself that it had just been an accident.
How could someone like Dustin be a Four-star marshal’s opponent? It must have been a coincidence.
Up on the stage, Dexter was still dazed from the fall. It took him a few seconds before he scrambled to get back up on his feet.
His face was dusty, and his nose was broken. Blood trickled down in two small streams from his nose, soiling his white shirt. He looked a little ridiculous.
“Pfft!” Natasha failed to stifle her laughter and burst out laughing. Her laughter immediately resulted in a chain reaction. Many of the onlookers also burst out laughing at such an inopportune time.
Try as they might to hold it in, the laughter seemed contagious. Most of them were affected, and it caused quite a commotion.
“Shut up! Who gave you permission to laugh? Shut the fuck up! All of you!” Dexter was immediately agitated. He roared in frustration, “Whoever laughs again, I swear I’ll wipe out your entire goddamn family!”
At that threat, all the noise stopped. The entire hall was silenced once again. The people who had laughed earlier quickly lowered their heads, fear evident on their faces.
They seemed to have momentarily forgotten how vengeful and cruel Dexter was. Anyone who dared cross him was simply inviting trouble on themself.
“Fuck you!” Wiping the blood from his nose, Dexter’s vicious gaze was on Dustin once more.
“You son of a bitch! How dare you make a fool of me? I’ll make sure you die a miserable death today!” he yelled. And with that, he jumped forward like a feral beast. His bloodshot eyes looked like he would eat Dustin up alive if he could.
“Go to hell!” Dexter roared, not holding back in the least. He made a lethal move. With both his fists, he repeatedly punched Dustin, sending a torrent of blows. His punches were strong and fast, like an unstoppable storm. The whooshing sounds they produced were loud and eerie, making the guests’ skin crawl.
“That looks terrifying! Could that be the Infinite Shadow Fist, which is unique to the Fallon family?”
“You’re right! The Infinite Shadow Fist is a special technique that’s been inherited by generations of Fallons!
“Once they master the technique, they can break not just rocks but even gold! The technique is one of a kind and is so powerful that it’s practically unstoppable!”
“I guess Dexter’s really furious. He wouldn’t have used the special family technique otherwise. Dustin’s in danger now!”
Many of the guests were startled to see Dexter looking like he’d been possessed. To be recognized as one of the best in the Fallon family and a Four-star Marshal, he wasn’t one to be messed with.
“He should be done for this time round. Cody and Harper watched closely with anticipation. Now that Dexter had used the Fallon family’s special technique, it’d be strange if Dustin didn’t die.
“You’re just not giving up, are you?” Dustin raised a brow impatiently..
###Chapter 1414 by Marina Vittori
Dustin was already being nice by not hurting him, hoping that Dexter would retreat. However, he didn’t expect him to be this persistent.
Dexter looked ready to fight till the very end. It seemed that he had to show Dexter who had the upper hand by giving him a real fight.
At that thought, Dustin decided to fight back for real and sent a punch right away. It was a simple yet brutal punch.
With a loud explosion, Dustin punched through the powerful Infinite Shadow Fist. A surge of energy erupted, sending Dexter flying several yards away. He fell with a heavy thud and couldn’t even get up.
Dexter spit out a mouthful of blood as soon as he landed, and his face turned pale. He was in so much pain that it felt as if all his bones had been dislocated. He couldn’t even muster the energy to turn over.
“What?” Everyone was in an uproar when they saw that. All of them widened their eyes in disbelief. When Dexter decided to use his killer move, everyone thought that Dustin’s fate was sealed.
It didn’t occur to anyone that Dustin could be this tough. He easily destroyed the Fallon family’s killer technique and even sent Dexter flying without laying a finger on him. It was a resounding victory. His true potential was terrifying.
“Are my eyes playing tricks on me? Did Dexter lose a fight? What a disgraceful defeat!”
“A Four-star Marshal lost to a boy toy? No one would believe this.”
“My goodness! Are all boy toys this strong lately? This is so unbelievable?”
The guests looked at each other in confusion when they saw Dexter in bad shape. They had thought that Dustin was a good-for-nothing boy toy and had nothing under his belt.
They didn’t expect him to be this powerful and skilled in martial arts. He defeated Dexter, a decorated general, with just one punch. His true skills amazed everyone.
“How … how could this be? How did that guy y defeat Dexter?” Cody and Harper were dumbfounded and stunned beyond words. This sudden comeback felt like a sledgehammer violently crushing their heart.
They only wanted to see Dustin defeated, humiliated, and dead. However, things had gone against their wishes. Dustin not only emerged unscathed, but he also showed off his abilities in this fight. This feeling was worse than falling face -first in a pile of dung.
“Victory is mine. Remember to stay away from my woman,” Dustin remarked coldly. Then, he turned away to get down from the stage. At this moment, everyone was looking at him with a different gaze. This boy toy was extraordinary.
“Bloody bastard! You die now!” With a vicious look, Dexter growled at Dustin’s departing figure. He couldn’t care less as he drew out a gun from his holster and pulled the trigger.
“Watch out behind you!” Natasha was shocked and shouted. However, the gunshots sounded at the same time she raised her voice.
The crowd suddenly started howling when several gunshots were fired. The stray bullets had shot some of them, and they fell to the ground, groaning in pain.
However, Dustin, who was supposed to be the target, had disappeared without warning. When he reappeared, he was already standing in front of Dexter.
They were at an arm’s length from each other as they stared into each other’s eyes. At this moment, Dustin wore an icy expression with an enraged gaze. He looked murderous, “You… are courting death!”
###Chapter 1415 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?” Dexter, who had been firing shots, saw something flash before his eyes. Dustin suddenly reappeared in front of him. He was unbelievably fast, given the fact that he was already quite far away when he pulled the trigger.
“You … are courting death!”
Dexter’s expression changed when he heard a cold and stern voice beside his ear. He lifted his gun and wanted to fire another shot.
However, before he could pull the trigger, Dustin held his wrist and gave it a tight squeeze. With a loud crack, Dexter’s wrist limped downward immediately, and his fingers let go of the gun lifelessly.
“Ah!” After he recovered from his shock, Dexter let out a loud cry. Dustin gave him another punch in the stomach as he wailed.
He spit out another mouthful of blood. Dexter was like a ballistic missile when he was sent flying several yards away. He then slammed into the wall heavily, and it cracked in several places upon impact. His body was stuck to the wall momentarily before sliding down slowly.
His head was lowered, and blood dripped from his nose and mouth. No one had any idea how many bones inside him had been broken.
Dexter had been crippled with just one punch. The crowd was stunned beyond words when they saw it.
It began with Dexter withdrawing his gun for a sneak attack. Then, it was followed by Dustin’s retaliation, which led to Dexter being incapacitated.
It all happened too quickly. In the blink of an eye, it was over. It was so fast that some of the people present didn’t realize what was happening.
“Do you have no integrity? Pulling a sneak attack? It seems to be your favorite move.” Dustin approached him with a cold expression as he stepped on Dexter’s chest.
“You-” Dexter wanted to say something, but he spit out blood before he could. He felt like his chest was going to explode. His heart was being subjected to a lot of pressure. If Dustin applied more force, he might just explode.
“Stop!” At this moment, Cody stood up suddenly and shouted, “Hey! Dustin! How dare you? Let Mr. Dexter go!”
“Why? Are you getting yourself involved?” Dustin slowly turned to look at him with a sharp gaze.
Cody instantly felt scared and nervous. However, thinking about the wealth he could gain and the chance to curry favor with the Fallon family, he gritted his teeth. He mustered his courage and took a few steps forward.
“Dustin Rhys! You’ve gone too far! Mr. Dexter is from a prestigious family. There’d be serious consequences if you hurt him!
“If you know what’s good for you, let him go now! Apologize publicly, and maybe they’ll let you live!” Cody spoke with his nose in the air with a false sense of bravado.
If he could protect Dexter today, he would have earned some favor with the Fallon family. This could be the chance to bring the Ostrower family into the elite circle.
“That’s right! I demand that you let him go now! If not, you’d be in big trouble!” Harper followed suit.
Dexter might be a little down on his luck now, but he was still a decorated general. If she could win his heart, even just to be his mistress, it’d be an honor.
“And if I refuse?” Dustine smirked.
“You wouldn’t dare!” Harper glared at him. “Dustin Rhys! You’d better know your worth and know what’s good for you!” Cody exclaimed in a stern voice. Even though the rest didn’t voice their opinion, they all had the same thoughts.
Dustin might be skilled, but he was a nobody. Natasha might be on his side, but she could never challenge the Fallon family. The wisest choice to make was to stop before it was too late.
“Really?” Dustin slowly applied more pressure on his foot. Dexter, who was under him, felt suffocated as his eyes rolled backward and his face reddened. He was short of breath, and he felt as if his heart was going to jump out from his chest.
###Chapter 1416 by Marina Vittori
The fear of death enveloped him.
“Don’t… don’t kill me… Today was a misunderstanding,” Dexter croaked and spoke with great difficulty.
At that moment, he was really scared. When death was upon him, he couldn’t care less about his status and dignity anymore. If he could live, he would gladly renounce all those.
He still had a good life before him, and he could enjoy endless riches. He didn’t have to risk his life unnecessarily.
“Mr. Dexter, don’t be afraid! That guy wouldn’t dare do anything to you. He’s just trying to intimidate you!” Harper tried to comfort him.
“Intimidate?” Dexter’s mouth twitched, and he was almost tempted to start swearing. His chest was this close to being crushed by Dustin. How was that just intimidation?
“Mr. Dexter, please hold on! I’ve already called for backup. When they arrive, Dustin won’t be able to escape!” Harper continued to encourage him.
“Stupid motherfucker! Could you please shut up?” Dexter swore in his heart. His life now depended on Dustin. If he were to challenge Dustin any further, it’d be certain death. If he weren’t under constraint and powerless, he would have punched her brains out within moments.
He wanted her to pacify Dustin. Instead, she was hurling threats toward Dustin. Did she want him to die faster?
“Dustin, it’s funny how we got to know each other through this fight. How about you let me go, and I’ll pretend like today never happened?” Dexter suggested meekly.
“If I let you go, I don’t think I’ll live past today.” Dustin retorted coldly. “No, never.” Dexter quickly shook his head, “I swear I’ll never find fault with you for this.”
“It’s fine if you don’t blame me for this, but I need to teach you a lesson.” Dustin wouldn’t let him off easily.
He continued, “You disturbed my woman and behaved so arrogantly. Now, you want to get off scot-free? It’s not that simple.”
“What do you want then?” Dexter suddenly felt nervous.
“First, I want a public apology. Second, stay away from Natasha. Third, compensate me for my emotional distress. When you fulfill all these, I’ll let you go.” Dustin listed out his conditions.
“I”
Dexter was about to reply when Harper interrupted him. “Dream on! Who do you think you are? How dare you demand an apology from Mr. Dexter? You’re delusional!”
“Dustin Rhys! I’m warning you! You’d better know your limits! Let Mr. Dexter go and surrender yourself. If you do that, you might get to live. If you continue, death is your only way out!” Cody yelled.
Harper and Cody were in cahoots and had the same goal in mind.
“You… Both of you…” Dexter spit another mouthful of blood as he got more agitated. These two birdbrains were really going to get him killed!
“Mr. Dexter, don’t be too upset! Help is on the way. Hold on!” Cody tried to comfort him.
“Dustin Rhys, you’d better let Mr. Dexter go now! If not, I’ll not let you go!
“Harper shouted viciously. As she shouted, she stole a glance at Dexter. With her professional performance right now, surely she would have won some favors with Dexter?
Dexter was speechless. He gritted his teeth, and he looked as if he could eat her alive. His annoyance toward Cody and Harper was deeper than the anger he had for Dustin. These two idiots! He’d cripple them if he survived this!
“Dexter Fallon, are you going to agree to my conditions, or are you going to be stubborn till the very end? Make your choice now.” Dustin remarked coldly.
“Yes, I agree to your conditions.” Dexter gave in. If this continued, he’d have died from blood loss. “Very well. I hope you’re a man of your word.” Dustin nodded and lifted his foot off Dexter’s chest.
Dexter felt as if a heavy weight had been lifted as the fear of death slowly dissipated. He greedily took in big gulps of air. Dustin had applied too much pressure on him.
There was one thing he was sure of. If he had argued back or displayed any tendency to retaliate, Dustin would have killed him instantly! This guy was a lunatic!
###Chapter 1417 by Marina Vittori
Dexter took big gulps of air as he broke out in cold sweat. He felt as if he had survived an apocalypse.
Never in his dreams did he think that Natasha’s boy toy could be this strong. He was also ruthless and had no fear of the Fallon family. Was he ignorantly arrogant? Or did he have a powerful backing?
“Mr. Dexter, are you alright?” At this time, Cody and Harper finally dared to walk up to him to check if he was alright and to show him their loyalty.
They shouted at Dustin just to please him. If they could take this opportunity to become his confidantes, they would finally have the chance to join the elite. social circle.
They were very close to living the easy life they had dreamed of for so long!
“Mr. Dexter, there was nothing you should be afraid of. You could have continued fighting till the very end. I don’t think he would have done anything to hurt you!” Harper pointed her chin toward Dustin with an arrogant and disgusted look.
In her opinion, he was just feigning bravery. After all, if he were a normal person, he wouldn’t have openly challenged the Fallon family.
“Dexter Fallon, if you’re unhappy with how this turned out, you’re more than welcome to challenge me again,” Dustin said. Without any expression, he added, ” You try, you die!”
Harper glared at him and said, “Mr. Dexter, help is on the way! You just say the word, and I’ll make sure he pays dearly for this!”
“Just fucking shut up!” Dexter shrieked as he punched Harper in the face. Harper was punched so hard that her head was raised upward.
She fell limply on her bottom after staggering a few steps back. Her nose was flattened, her front teeth chipped, and blood dripped from her nostrils and mouth.
At the same time, she was dizzy and dumbfounded from the punch. She had no idea what just happened. In fact, if Dexter wasn’t weak now, she would have nearly died from that punch alone.
“Mr. Dexter … Why did you hit me?” Harper covered her nose and mouth, looking upset. She had no idea what went wrong. She was obviously trying to help. What did she do to deserve a punch?
She wasn’t the only one confused. Cody, who was observing from the side, was surprised as well.
What just happened? Had Dexter lost his mind because of the fight? Couldn’t he differentiate friends from foes?
“Punch you? I just want to kill you right now!” Dexter gritted his teeth and wanted to continue. However, before he could do that, his knees went weak, and he almost fell.
“Mr. Dexter, I don’t know what Harper did to upset you. But could you please do me a favor and-” Cody tried to help Harper, but before he could finish the sentence, Dexter backhanded him
“Fuck you!” Dexter yelled. “Who the fuck do you think you are? Asking for a favor from me? Do you even fucking deserve it? Get lost!”
“Huh?” Cody was caught off guard and almost lost his balance. He was a little lost as he held his burning face, Fuck! Had this guy finally lost his marbles after the fight? Why would he ignore Dustin, his enemy, and vent his anger on them? What was the logic behind his behavior?
“You piece of shit! If you keep spewing nonsense, I will rip your lips apart!” Dexter shouted angrily, looking vicious.
Cody and Harper were scared speechless and decided to keep quiet. What the hell? This guy was just unpredictable!
“Dexter Fallon, it’s time to fulfill your promise.” Dustin reminded him in a timely manner. Dexter took a deep breath and tried his best to calm down.
Then, he turned and started apologizing with an awkward expression. “I’m sorry. I acted too rashly and made a mistake. Please accept my apologies. I also promise never to disturb Natasha Harmon. Was that acceptable?”
Although he felt embarrassed and crushed, he had to lower his stance as he didn’t have the upper hand.
“What? Mr. Dexter actually apologized?
The crowd was in turmoil when they heard his apology. It should be made known that he didn’t earn his title as one of the Chaos Demons for no reason.
Even if he hit someone else, the other party would have to apologize instead. No one had ever seen Dexter issue an apology.
###Chapter 1418 by Marina Vittori
This had never happened before. Cody and Harper were speechless. They looked at each other in defeat. They had no idea that Dexter, the person they’d been trying their best to bootlick, could be this useless.
He actually apologized publicly because the boy toy threatened him. What an embarrassment! It looked like the Chaos Demon was nothing but a title.
Natasha quietly observed the whole event unfolding with a smile on her face. It was true that Dustin was unyielding. He’d never let these rich playboys have their way.
“How do you propose to compensate me for my emotional distress?” Dustin asked.
“Why don’t you give me a price?”
Dexter replied.
“I can see that the Fallon family is quite wealthy. How about three million?” Dustin said calmly.
“What? Three million? This is daylight robbery!” Harper yelled in surprise. “Dustin Rhys! You’re asking for too much!” Cody said with a gloomy expression.
Was this guy crazy? Besides injuring Dexter, he was now asking for a compensation of three million dollars right off the bat! He wasn’t even hurt in the fight! He must have pulled that number out of thin air.
“Why? Do you think it’s too little? I shall add a few million more then.” Dustin decided to increase the amount right away.
“You” Harper was about to protest loudly, but Dexter gave her a steely glare. Her face immediately paled, and she quickly covered her nose and mouth without saying another word.
“Please give me some time to prepare the money. I’ll give you the full amount this time tomorrow.” Dexter mumbled in a gruff voice.
“Cool,” Dustin replied with a smile. ” We have a deal then.”
Dexter nodded without saying another word. How humiliating. He had never been shamed like this. Regardless, he had no choice in this current situation.
“Hurry! Barricade the area!”
Suddenly, a whole troop of fully armored soldiers rushed in aggressively at the sound of a loud command. They blocked off all the entry points at the event hall as soon as they entered.
The troop leader was a stern-looking man in his forties or fifties, a burly figure dressed in army uniform. From the badge on his shoulder, his ranking was higher than Dexter’s.
“It’s Dante Fallon!” The crowd called out in surprise when they saw the middle-aged man. The Fallon family was a big family, as Mr. Fallon Senior had ten children.
Dante was one of the outstanding children. He was already a Cardinal Dragon Marshal in his forties. He controlled the elite army troops and was very powerful.
The most important thing was that Dante was infamous for being the family guardian. If anyone dared to hurt any Fallon family member, he’d hunt them down relentlessly.
No one expected Dante, who was known to be short-tempered, to show up after Dexter was defeated. Seemed like this matter had become very serious. If anyone dared to stand up against him today, they’d be asking for death.
“Here they come! Help has finally arrived!” Harper was very happy to see Dante and his troop. She had been waiting for so long for the help from the Fallon family to arrive. Her efforts were not in vain.
“Dustin Rhys, you’re dead meat today.” Cody snickered. Dante had always been the family guardian. Dustin must have seriously provoked Dante by beating Dexter up.
Natasha wouldn’t even be able to appease Dante once he was angered. Dustin was done for today!
“Uncle Dante! You’ve finally arrived!” Dexter was very glad to see his savior as he limped forward. “You piece of trash!” With a gloomy expression, Dante gave him a sound slap without saying another word.
###Chapter 1419 by Marina Vittori
Dexter was confused by the sudden slap. He was too shocked to react. Everyone else present was astounded as well. They had no idea what was happening. Didn’t Dante come to protect Dexter? Why would he slap his nephew as soon as he saw him?
“Uncle Dante, why did you slap me?” Dexter looked aggrieved as he held his burning cheek.
Out in public, he was the Chaos Demon. However, he was just a terrified mouse before Dante. After all, his uncle was the one who gave him everything he had today.
“Hmph! Don’t you have the faintest clue why I slapped you? How many fucking times have I told you? You can do whatever you want outside, be it picking a fight or finding faults.
“Whatever it is, the sky is practically your limit because you have the backing of the Fallon family! My only request is to never lose a fight!
“The Fallon family will not tolerate losers nor cowards! You’re a freaking Four-star Marshal, and you let a boy toy defeat you?
“You’re such an embarrassment to the Fallon family! Tell me, did you or did you not deserve that slap?” Dante was almost screaming at the end of his sentence.
“I-” Dexter was at a loss for words as he hung his head low in shame.
The Fallon family was a military family. They had been producing famous generals for generations. In the family, actions spoke louder than words.
The children of the Fallon family had to abide by an unwritten rule since young -they could be the worst in anything except for winning fights. If they ever lost one, they’d be punished at home.
“You’re fucking useless! When we go home, you’ll receive eighty lashes of the Fallon military whipping. After that, you’ll kneel in the courtyard for three days and three nights!” Dante yelled sternly.
“Yes, uncle.” Dexter lowered his head, not daring to challenge Dante’s decision.
Everyone in the banquet hall looked at each other with a strange expression upon seeing the enraged Dante. The Fallon family sure had an interesting way of educating their younger members.
In normal families, they’d always hem in the young and teach them to stay out of trouble. The Fallon family was the complete opposite. Instead of constraining the younger members, they encouraged them to pick fights.
The Fallons’ only request was they could never lose a fight and tarnish the family’s reputation. It was no wonder Dexter was titled the Chaos Demon. How could a normal person endure this weird educational philosophy?
“Who bullied my nephew earlier? Show yourself!” After teaching Dexter a lesson, Dante marched to the center as his sharp gaze swept across the room.
“It was him, Sir Dante! He hit Mr. Dexter!” Harper reacted quickly, pointing a finger at Dustin. She was trying to gain favor with Dante.
“Oh?” With narrowed eyes, Dante turned to look toward the direction she was pointing. However, when he finally laid eyes on Dustin, he was a little taken aback. This guy looked a little familiar.
“Sir Dante, all this was because of me. Please deal with me directly if you’re unhappy with anything.” Natasha walked forward and stood in front of Dustin.
Dante was an experienced general and a high-ranking one at that. His combat skills were impeccable. When compared to a rich playboy like Dexter, he was a hundred times stronger.
“This is between men. Women should stay out of it.” Dante looked at Dustin carefully and felt that he looked really familiar.
“Hey, you. What’s your name? What family are you from?” he asked inquisitively.
“He’s Dustin Rhys, and he’s a nobody,” Harper hurriedly explained. She’d never miss an opportunity to put Dustin down.
“Last name Rhys?” Dante’s eyelid twitched. He had an ominous feeling.
There wasn’t any big family in Oakvale that had “Rhys” as their last name. Even so, that didn’t mean that this last name was unimportant.
On the contrary, the last name “Rhys” was a presence above the four ancient houses. In fact, the Rhys could be in the same ranking as the royal family, the Linsors.
This was because the Prince of Theswe from West Lucozia, a very powerful and influential figure, was surnamed Rhys!
Generally, it wouldn’t matter too much. However, this guy looked too familiar and shared the same last name. It wasn’t his fault to overthink this.
“Hey, kid. Have we met before?” Dante asked with a hand on his chin.
###Chapter 1420 by Marina Vittori
“Have we? I don’t remember anything. “Dustin replied calmly.
“Let me ask you, do you know who I am?” Dante asked another question. “I just found out you’re Dante Fallon, a Cardinal Dragon Marshal,” Dustin replied.
“If you already know my title, why aren’t you afraid?” Dante was a little curious. Normal people would be trembling in fear whenever they saw him. And yet, this guy before him was calm and collected. It was as if he didn’t care about him.
Was he a fool? Or did he have a strong backing?
“Why should I be afraid?” Dustin replied calmly, “Oakvale is not a lawless place. Your nephew wanted to fight, and he lost. Everyone here witnessed it.
“Besides, the Fallon family is an ancient house in Oakvale. Are you trying to turn the heat on me based on your status?”!
“Haha, smarty pants.” Dante narrowed his eyes. Then, he said, “But you’re right. Dexter lost because he was useless. The Fallon family will not intimidate the weak just because we’re strong. Nevertheless, I can’t let you go because you hit one of us.
“What do you have in mind, Sir Dante? Dustin asked.
“One will rise where one fell,” Dante said calmly.
“Do you dare to fight the Fallons again in three days?” he asked. “A no-holds- barred match.”
The younger generation had embarrassed the Fallon family. Hence, it’d be their duty to repair the reputation. The Fallon family had always been very serious when it came to winning fights.
“I’d be much obliged if Sir Dante so wishes. However, I’d like to place a bet, “Dustin said.
“Is that so? What would you like to bet? Tell me more.” Dante held his chin. “It’s a very simple bet. If I win, the Fallon family will owe me a favor.”
“Win? Hahaha!” Dante laughed. “Hey, kid, do you know what you’re talking about? Who do you think the Fallons are? Sacks of potatoes?”
When compared to the rest of the family, Dexter’s combat skills were average. He’d at most rank tenth among them.
The real combat talents the Fallon family meticulously groomed and nurtured had never revealed themselves in public. How could a stray kid like Dustin Rhys defeat the gifted fighters of the Fallon family?
“Sir Dante, my only question is, are you willing to bet or not?” Dustin asked with a cool expression.
“You want to bet? Fine! Be my guest!” Dante agreed to the bet right away and turned the tables against Dustin. “But, what if you lose?”
“If I lose, I surrender my fate to you,” Dustin replied.
“Great! You’ve got guts! See you in three days!” Dante smirked. With so many adept fighters within the Fallon family, it’d be an embarrassment if they couldn’t defeat this stray. They’d be better off dead.
“It’s a deal,” Dustin replied with a faint smile.
“Retreat!” Dante waved and left with his troops without saying another word. “Wait…” Harper was suddenly nervous when she saw what was happening.
She ran forward in a hurry and said, Sir Dante! Don’t believe him! He’s lying to all of you. If you let him go today, he’ll be gone tomorrow!”
“Are you teaching me how to handle my business?” Dante looked upset.
“You’re an important person, and you have no idea how deceiving others are. I know Dustin Rhys very well. He’s very sly and shameless. You must not believe him!” Harper tried her best to get her advice across.
“There’s no one that the Fallon family cannot find. It doesn’t matter where they are,” Dante said coldly.
“But-”
Harper wanted to say something else, but Dante gave her a sound slap on the cheek before she could.
He shouted, “Are you done? How dare you speak in front of me? Are you tired of living? Get away from me!”
It was a very powerful slap. Harper was struck so hard that she could see stars, and she fell on the floor right away.
Her face became red and swollen at the speed that the naked eyes could see. Her lips were smacked to the side, and blood trickled out from the corner of her mouth.
“Sir Dante! Please don’t be angry, Sir Dante!” When Cody saw that things had taken a bad turn, he immediately ran forward with an apologetic smile.
He said, “I am from the Ostrower family, and she’s my mentee. Could you please do me a favor and spare her?”
“A favor?” Dante turned to glare at him and slapped him as well. “Who do you think you are? Asking for a favor from me? Do you deserve it?”
“No, it’s alright! No …” Cody covered his face nervously.
“Too late!” Dante waved his hand and ordered, “Take these two meddling fools away and give them eighty strokes with the whip! I want them crippled!”
Cody’s face paled, and his knees went weak as he collapsed on the floor right away when he heard that.
###Chapter 1421 by Marina Vittori
Cody and Harper were taken away, howling. It didn’t matter how much they explained or how much they begged for mercy.
Dante was already upset, and these two idiots provided him a channel to vent his anger. Cody and Harper only had themselves to blame. They met him at a bad time.
There was nothing to fight about. But they just had to stand up and pick a fight. Without a doubt, they brought it upon themselves.
Eighty strokes from the military whip were anything but fun. Even a sturdy army personnel would be out sick for at least two weeks after the punishment.
Needless to say, for a normal person who had never undergone training, it wasn’t rare for them to be crippled or dead after the punishment.
“Dear, those two seem to hate you a lot. Have you ever upset them?” Natasha asked curiously when she saw Cody and Harper being taken away forcefully.
“They’re just two crazy dogs. Let them be.” Dustin shook his head. Harper and Cody were typical bullies who looked down on the powerless and flattered the powerful.
They’d lower themselves and do everything to please those in power. On the other hand, they’d be haughty and look down on whoever they please.
To them, Dustin was just a poor country bum, and his place was below them. He should never have the opportunity to prove himself.
If he was a little better off, they would feel distressed. They would do all kinds of tricks to put him down and throw sarcastic remarks at him. In other words, they just didn’t want to see him get better in life,
They were the kind of shameless people with bad and conflicting intentions. They totally deserved this kind of outcome. After all, they brought it upon themselves.
“Dear, the Fallon family is a military family. The children of this family would practice martial arts from a young age. There are very talented fighters in the family. It’s a little risky if you want to fight with them.”
Natasha was a little worried. She knew that Dustin was great, but Oakvale was not Millsburg. Talented fighters were a dime a dozen. It’d turn out bad for him if he wasn’t careful.
“Don’t worry. If I dare to accept their challenge, I have the confidence to win. The Fallon family has nothing on me.” Dustin gave her a confident smile.
“I’m not afraid if it’s a fair and civil fight. I’m just afraid that the Fallon family will use dirty tricks.” Natasha raised her brows slightly.
Then, she suggested, “We’ll do it like this then. I’ll ask my grandfather to attend the battle. With him there, I don’t think the Fallon family will pull anything.”
“What? That’s not necessary. Besides, it’s just a small matter. Do we need to call in the Duke of Lancashire?” Dustin rejected politely.
“It’s a matter of your life and death! How can it be small?” Natasha’s pretty face became stern. She said seriously, “Listen to me, it’s been decided. If my grandfather disagrees, I’ll abduct him and make him go.”
Dustin was at a loss for words. He didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. Knowing Natasha, she was definitely capable of doing so. It was just that this method was a little too rough.
“Oh, that’s right. I found out something. But I’m not sure if I should tell you,” Natasha suddenly changed the subject.
“What is it? Just tell me.” Dustin smiled.
“I saw Dahlia in Oakvale two days ago.” Natasha suddenly said. “Dahlia?” Dustin’s smile faded. “What is she doing in Oakvale?”
“I’m not sure.” Natasha shook her head. “But I think she’s doing just fine.”
She added, “She was surrounded by the rich and famous, and everyone was busy fawning over her. Her status and identity have been elevated.”
“Maybe she met someone. It has nothing to do with me anyway.” Dustin shrugged.
“Why? Don’t you want to see her?” Natasha asked, smiling faintly.
“Why would I want to see her? It’s just going to add unnecessary stress to myself. Now, she can walk down her brightly lit avenue, and I’ll cross my wooden bridge. I think it’s best if we remain strangers,” Dustin replied calmly.
“That’s true. She’s lost her memory anyway. I don’t think she will bother you anymore.”
###Chapter 1422 by Marina Vittori
Natasha smiled and took Dustin by the elbow. “Let’s go. I’ll show you around, and we’ll drop by Dash Corporation.”
In South City, the Swanson family room was bright and spacious. Ezra sat across Eleanor at the table, talking and eating dessert.
“Ezra, why is Sir Crane still not here? Do you think he stood us up?” Eleanor looked at the time, appearing upset. She’d been waiting for an hour, but no one showed up.
“Eleanor, be patient. Sir Crane is a very busy man. Let’s wait for a little longer. He should be here soon.” Ezra flashed her a charming smile.
As soon as he was done talking, someone opened the door. Soon, an old man dressed in an all-black suit with a stern and cold expression strode in.
The old man had his hands behind him. His facial expression was icy, and his gaze haughty. He had this mysterious air around him..
“Sir Crane, you’ve finally arrived.” Ezra’s eyes lit up, welcome him. and he stood up to.
“Have you prepared what I requested?” Theodore sat down slowly. He spoke in a low and enigmatic voice.
“All ready.” Ezra nodded as he took out a shirt and put it on the table. He continued, “This is a shirt worn by Dustin Rhys. I asked someone to steal it.
“Very good. With this shirt, that guy won’t be able to escape.” Theodore nodded with a satisfying look. Dustin’s actions had embarrassed him to no end in front of the Welch family.
Now that Ezra was going to pay him to cast a spell on Dustin Rhys, it was just like he could get paid to avenge as well. Wasn’t it a sweet deal? himself
“Sir Crane, it’s just a shirt. What can it possibly do?” Eleanor was unimpressed.
“Why? Are you doubting my abilities?” Theodore looked displeased. “Please don’t misunderstand her, Sir Crane. Eleanor is just curious. We’ve never seen anything like this.” Ezra tried to smooth things over with a smile.
“Truth be told, a person’s scent will linger on their shirt. We can’t detect it, but there are some things that could accurately locate them just by their scent alone, even from hundreds of miles away,” Theodore explained.
“Really? What are these amazing things?” Eleanor was suddenly intrigued.
“This is a business secret. I can’t tell you anything,” Theodore replied coolly. Eleanor frowned and was a little annoyed. But she decided not to lose her temper.
“Sir Crane, let’s begin.” Ezra changed the topic.
“Alright.” Theodore nodded and retrieved two tightly sealed wooden containers. The wooden container on the left was covered with a green cloth, and the one on the right was covered with a red cloth.
“Something venomous is in the green wooden container. Once a person is bitten by this thing, they will experience excruciating pain. They’d feel like a whole army of ants were eating them alive. They’d be torn between living and dying.
“Something aggressive is in the red one. If bitten by this, the person will bleed to death through all their orifices within three minutes.
“Now, make your choice. Would you like him to suffer excruciating pain, or would you like him to die instantly?” Theodore introduced the different spell effects and gave them the right to decide.
“Eleanor, what do you think we should choose?” Ezra turned to ask.
“Killing him would be too easy on him. “Eleanor’s face was cold, and her eyes shone with a killer intent.
“He went against me. I want him to experience excruciating pain. I want him to regret the choices he made. I want him to kneel before me and beg for forgiveness and apologize for his mistakes!”
Ezra’s eyelid twitched when he heard that.
Fuck! Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.
###Chapter 1423 by Marina Vittori
Eleanor’s cruel expression gave Ezra the chills. He thought that she might hesitate. He never thought that she would want Dustin to experience excruciating pain from the beginning.
After all, Dustin did help her once. Wasn’t that too cruel?
When Ezra thought of what he had done before, he was a little frightened. It was lucky that he still had the support of the Swanson family.
If his fate was in the hands of this crazy woman, he knew he’d end up with a horrible ending.
“Ezra, is there a problem?” Eleanor looked at him again with an innocent smile. She looked completely different from the cruel and vengeful person a few moments ago.
“No, no problem at all!” Ezra laughed. This guy has it coming. He actually had the guts to upset my girl. He must pay for it!”
“I knew it! You love me most!” Eleanor smiled sweetly. Then, she pointed at the green wooden container and said, “Sir Crane, we’ll use the venomous thing in this. We must teach this goon a good lesson.”
“You’ve paid for this service. Your wish is my command.” Without saying another word, Theodore nodded in agreement.
They saw him cut out a corner of Dustin’s shirt and dripped a few drops of fresh blood on it before chucking it into the green container.
Theodore then started chanting softly and acting in a secretive manner. After the charade, he suddenly lifted the green cloth and called out firmly, “Go!”
At the moment when the green cloth was lifted, a venomous black insect escaped and flew out the door very quickly.
“Alright, that’s it. We’ll know the results in an hour.” Theodore folded his sleeves and sat down again as he started enjoying the light snack prepared.
“Thank you for your hard work, Sir Crane.” Ezra smiled. With a wave of his hand, he ordered, “Bring in the wine!”
Soon, a sumptuous feast was served. An ornate wooden box was also placed on the table. When it was opened, Theodore saw that it was filled with gold bars.
“Sir Crane, please accept my small token of appreciation.” Ezra nudged the wooden box filled with gold bars forward.
“You’re most welcome. It’s my honor to have been of service.”
Theodore flashed a rare smile and graciously accepted the gold bars. Compared to cold, hard cash, he preferred shiny and glittering s.
“Sir Crane, let me give you a toast. Here’s to more successful collaborations between us.” Ezra poured three glasses of wine for each of them. They drank every last drop after clinking glasses.
Very soon, the conversation started flowing, and they began to relax as they drank more wine. Ezra was very interested in the occult, so he asked questions to learn more about it.
As he was just paid handsomely with gold bars, Theodore was more than happy to divulge his knowledge.
After finding out more about the occult, Ezra found out that Theodore was from the Mystic Arts Order. Occultism was actually just witchcraft. The only difference was that one sounded better than the other.
Ezra was engaged in an interesting conversation with Theodore. Eleanor was a little annoyed sitting beside them because she felt neglected. After all, she wasn’t interested in their topic of conversation.
After the sumptuous feast, Eleanor asked impatiently, “Sir Crane, didn’t you say we would have results within an hour? It’s already been an hour. Why haven’t we heard anything? Did the insect you released fail?”
“Hmm?” Theodore stifled his smile when he heard that. “Why? Don’t you trust my abilities?”
“I’m just curious. I’m afraid that there could have been a mishap on its way.” Eleanor’s brow furrowed slightly.
“What mishaps could there be? My venomous insect has been bred especially for this purpose. It’s been trained well. There’s never been any mistakes. It could locate its targeted prey anywhere in the world.” Theodore was very confident.
“If that’s the case, why hasn’t there been any news till now? How do you know if it worked?” Eleanor asked again,
###Chapter 1424 by Marina Vittori
“y’see,” Theodore began. “The critters I keep need to feed on my blood to forge a bond. Over time, it forms a connection. Once that connection’s solid, I’ll know it in a heartbeat,” he explained. Eleanor raised a curious eyebrow.” Sounds pretty otherworldly.”
“It’s occult, something a high-society girl like you might not grasp,” he said with an air of secrecy.
“But what if it doesn’t work?” she prodded.
“Hmm?” Theodore furrowed his brow.
Was she trying to test his patience? “Don’t worry, Eleanor, you don’t need to worry about that,” Ezra chimed in, flashing a reassuring smile.
“Sir Crane’s mastery of the occult is legendary. There’s no room for failure.”
“But I’m talking about the ‘what if,”” Eleanor insisted.
“Hmph! There’s no room for ‘what ifs’! “Theodore’s expression grew cold. ” Unless that kid has the skin of steel and a spirit beyond, disaster is certain.”
“I don’t get all this magic stuff. I just want to know, will there be a sign if it fails?” She kept pushing.
Theodore was clearly exasperated. Was she intentionally trying his patience? He had already made it clear that failure wasn’t an option.
“Don’t be upset, Sir Crane. Eleanor’s simply curious,” Ezra interjected, looking slightly sheepish. After all, Eleanor was a sheltered, rich woman. She was quite inexperienced in such matters.
“Hmph!” Theodore raised his glass, drained it, and slammed it back on the table. He declared, “Even if it failed, I’d blame my inadequacies. If it backfired, I brought it upon myself!”
“Backfires? What kind of backfire?” Eleanor continued her inquisition.
“Dizziness, nauseousness, three days of weakness at worst,” Theodore replied, his tone reflecting his annoyance.
“I see.” She nodded with newfound understanding. If it failed, there would indeed be a sign.
“Miss Welch, are you satisfied now?” Theodore’s face contorted into a displeased expression. “Don’t get the wrong idea, Sir Crane. I was simply curious,” Eleanor replied with a smile.
“Wait a moment…”
Just as he was about to say something else, his expression suddenly froze. “I can sense it now. The poison is stirring. It must be getting closer to its target.”
“Really?” Eleanor and Ezra immediately snapped to attention, their eyes fixed on him, eagerly awaiting the next development.
“It’s close-very close to success!” Theodore closed his eyes, carefully sensing it. His emotions grew rather excited.
“Almost there … just a bit more,” he mumbled to himself.
Eleanor and Ezra were excited.
“Haha… it’s happening…”
Suddenly, Theodore’s eyes flew open. Just as he was about to share the good news, his body shuddered violently, as if struck by lightning.
The next moment, he coughed up a mouthful of fresh blood. His entire body went limp, and he collapsed to the ground, unconscious.
“Ah?” Seeing this scene, Eleanor and Ezra were utterly bewildered.
Wide-eyed, they exchanged astonished glances. What just happened? Weren’t they on the brink of success? Why was Theodore suddenly vomiting blood?
###Chapter 1425 by Marina Vittori
“Sir Crane!” Ezra shouted. His voice was filled with urgency as he rushed to Theodore’s side.
But as they gathered around Theodore, they witnessed an alarming transformation. His body convulsed uncontrollably, blood streaming from his nose, and a look of terror in his eyes.
“What’s happening to Sir Crane? Could he be possessed?” Eleanor’s eyes widened with shock. Theodore’s condition had changed abruptly. He was fine before, but now, he was convulsing strangely. It was utterly perplexing.
“Quick, to the hospital!” Panic swelled in Ezra’s voice as he gave orders to his assistants. They carefully carried the stricken Theodore out and rushed him to South City Hospital.
After all, Theodore wasn’t any ordinary person. He hailed from the enigmatic Mystic Arts Order. So, his untimely demise within the Swanson family’s estate could bring them huge trouble.
The night deepened as they arrived at South City Hospital. The doctors fought to stabilize Theodore in the ward. Ezra paced back and forth in the room, his unease palpable.
Meanwhile, Eleanor appeared relaxed. She calmly peeled and ate a banana, appearing as though she had no care in the world.
She seemed more concerned with whether Theodore’s mission had been accomplished than his well-being.
“Ezra dear, no need to fret. Sir Crane is a master of his craft. Nothing could go wrong,” she commented in her usual calm manner.
While Ezra acknowledged her words, the earlier events were nothing short of unnerving. What if Theodore met an untimely end on their watch? It would complicate matters significantly. This possibility weighed heavily on Ezra’s mind.
“What kind of trouble could there be? He’s just an occultist. With the power of the Welch and Swanson families, we can easily secure others if needed.” Eleanor dismissed Ezra’s concerns.
In South City, these two prestigious households held unmatched influence. But he was quick to refute, “Eleanor, things may not be as simple as you think-”
Just as he began explaining the complexity of the situation, Theodore coughed twice on the hospital bed.
Slowly, he opened his eyes.
“Sir Crane, you’re finally awake!” Ezra’s face lit up with hope as he rushed to Theodore’s side.
“How are you feeling? Do you remember what happened earlier?” he hurriedly asked.Theodore was still groggy. “Where am I? How did I end up here?”
“Sir Crane, don’t you remember? You were bleeding and collapsed earlier,” Ezra asked, his confusion deepening.
“Bleeding? Collapsed?” Theodore furrowed his brow. He tried to recollect the recent events. As he dug deeper into his memory, his expression shifted from bewilderment to fear.
“Oh my god!” Theodore suddenly exclaimed. He flung the blanket aside and jumped out of bed. Hastily fleeing the room, he stumbled as he went. His frantic behavior made it appear as if he’d seen a ghost. They were astonished by his reaction.
“What’s going on?” Ezra stood frozen, watching Theodore’s bizarre escape. Why are you running, Sir Crane?”
“Should I stay and face doom?” Theodore yelled back, his eyes wide with terror.
“Ezra, you have no idea what you’ve brought upon us. You don’t know who we’ve just crossed. A being of overwhelming power, capable of snuffing us out with a finger!”
“What?” Ezra was dumbfounded, his expression one of sheer disbelief. “Sir Crane, this can’t be real.”
“Look at me, Ezra! Do I seem like I’m joking?” Theodore’s voice trembled with fear.
Memories began to flood back, reminding him of the intense backlash he’d suffered earlier. The incident was unlike anything he’d ever experienced.
###Chapter 1426 by Marina Vittori
Usually, a mere backfire might leave you dizzy and disoriented. At worst, you’d feel a little under the weather for a few days. But the sheer force of the backfire Theodore had just experienced was enough to cost him his life!
That could only mean one thing-the person he had crossed paths with was not to be trifled with. If they came knocking for revenge, there would be nowhere to hide!
“Sir Crane, did you maybe take a knock to the head just now? What else could explain these nonsensical words of yours?”
Eleanor chimed in, her voice dripping with skepticism, “Dustin is just a doctor. What could he possibly do to reduce you to this quivering mess? You look like you’ve seen a ghost, for goodness’ sake. Is it really that terrible?
“Yeah, Sir Crane,” Ezra added, puzzled. He’d done a bit of digging into Dustin’s background. Dustin was nothing more than a rustic, real small-town guy. He had some fighting skills, some medical know- how, and a few tricks up his sleeve. Even so, those couldn’t justify this level of terror.
“You both are hopelessly na?ve!” Theodore retorted, exasperation oozing from every word.
“The one who just made me spew blood is no run-of-the-mill person. Their power dwarfs your wildest imagination! “he exclaimed.
Then, he added, “If I were you, I’d quit while I’m ahead and extend a formal apology to this man. Because if they decide to unleash their fury, you’ll regret it before you can blink!”
Theodore was a member of the Mystic Arts Order. Hence, he knew precisely what that kind of intense backfire implied.
When he claimed this person to be at least a master in the occult, he wasn’t blowing smoke. He might be even more powerful.
“Sir Crane, let’s not indulge in baseless speculations,” Ezra cautioned.
“Dustin is nothing more than an ordinary man, I assure you. There’s no reason for you to be so scared,” Eleanor stated coldly. She crossed her arms and eyed Theodore skeptically.
She had doubts about him ever since the incident at the Welch family. Theodore had previously made an error that cost him an ear, as well as her grandfather’s life. Still, Eleanor maintained a polite demeanor toward Theodore. It was primarily out of respect for Ezra.
However, this recent failure by Theodore completely shattered her trust and patience. In her eyes, he was nothing more than a sham who dabbled in the supernatural to deceive people.
“You… How can you doubt me?” Theodore fumed with anger. He had risked his life to offer his insights, only to be met with skepticism. Eleanor, in his view, had no understanding of the gravity of the situation.
“Sir Crane, let’s take it down a notch,” Ezra tried to mediate. “Maybe there’s a misunderstanding here.”
He continued, “I have complete faith that Dustin doesn’t have that level of power. Could there be a chance you made a misstep that led to your injuries?”
“Impossible!” Theodore scoffed. “My methods are flawless, tried and true. I’ve never made a mistake before. This time, I’ve genuinely met someone of superior caliber!”
“Hmph! Flawless, you say? That’s rich, “Eleanor snorted, her expression glacial.
“In the span of a few days, you’ve already messed up twice. It’s ridiculous that you claim you can’t make any mistakes. From what I can see, you’re simply inadequate!”
“You… You’ve crossed the line now!” Theodore was about to blow his top.
However, his emotions backfired against him. Suddenly, he coughed up a mouthful of blood, almost toppling over.
“Sir Crane, maybe you should get some rest,” Ezra suggested, reaching out to help. But Theodore swatted him away and said coldly, “I’ve told you all I can. If you don’t believe me, it’s your funeral.”
With that, Theodore stumbled out of the ward without looking back. He had warned them. If they chose not to listen, they’d have to face the consequences.
“Hmph! What a fraud, calling himself a ‘master’!” Eleanor rolled her eyes, her disdain on full display. “Eleanor, there’s something strange about this. We should look into it,” Ezra proposed.
“What’s there to investigate? He’s just a country bumpkin. He can’t possibly make a big fuss,” Eleanor replied nonchalantly. Then, she added, “If you’re not up to the task, I’ll find someone else. You don’t have to bother.”
“You say that, but serving you and looking out for my dearest is my honor, “Ezra said, playfully embracing her.
“Rest assured, I’ll spare no expense to bring in an expert. Dustin will pay the price!” he affirmed.
“That’s more like it,” Eleanor grinned. Any man who dared spurn her was in for a world of trouble.
###Chapter 1427 by Marina Vittori
As the clock struck midnight, Dustin bid Natasha farewell and returned to his villa in South City. Their parting carried a tinge of sorrow. Even so, it was necessary to avoid drawing attention.
Dustin was going on a dangerous journey. He was determined to keep Natasha out of harm’s way. From now on, they would meet in secret, or they would minimize their encounters.
Natasha was Simon’s granddaughter. That title made her shine too brightly. Thus, spending too much time with her risked exposing Dustin’s true identity.
The night faded away like mist in the morning sun. The following day, Dustin headed to the Regal Court to meet Lana. They sat in a private chamber, having tea and discussing their plans.
“Handsome,” Lana began. “The Camron family fully supports our
partnership. We’re committed to investing all our resources in developing and promoting Dew Balm.”
She skillfully made tea and filled two cups. The room was then engulfed in its delightful aroma.
“A wise decision,” Dustin nodded with a knowing smile. It was no surprise that any ambitious family would embrace such an opportunity.
“In addition, I’ve carefully organized the establishment of the pharmaceutical manufacturing facility, the procurement of medicinal herbs, and the recruitment of pharmacists.
Today marks the official start of our production. Even so, we face two significant challenges,” Lana explained.
“What are these challenges?” Dustin asked.
“Firstly, the formula you’ve provided is extremely challenging for regular pharmacists. It has a low success rate, making it difficult to maintain quality, “Lana elaborated.
“This problem is solvable. We can select talented and trustworthy pharmacists, and I will personally train them. In just three days, they’ll be self- sufficient,” Dustin assured with a warm smile.
“That sounds like a perfect solution,” Lana agreed. “But now, we need to address the second challenge.”
She continued, “The Swanson family dominates the medical industry in South City. They have a strong reputation, extensive networks, significant influence, and a long legacy. Plus, they had recently allied with the Welch family. That has made them even more powerful.”
“Even if Dew Balm outperforms other products and is more affordable, it won’t matter. The Swanson family has a tight grip on the market. Their connections are also unbeatable,” Lana emphasized.
Business success relies not only on quality but also on personal connections. The Swanson family’s dominance in the medical sector and alliance with the Welch family create a formidable barrier.
They needed to find an alternative approach.
“So, what’s your suggestion?” Dustin asked.
“I propose focusing our initial efforts on the other three major districts. By forming alliances with other influential families, we can share the burden. This way, we’ll have more allies to reduce the pressure and expedite our growth,” Lana explained.
She understood that Dew Balm’s potential was too massive for the Camron family to handle alone. Sharing it with other families was a smart move.
“An excellent idea that aligns with my thoughts. We’ll start in other districts. We’ll partner with strong allies and establish a foothold in the market. Then, we can take on the Swanson and Welch families,” Dustin agreed.
“Hehe… It seems we think alike,” Lana chuckled, giving a mischievous wink. “Have you identified suitable candidates for this endeavor?” Dustin asked, pretending not to notice.
“Among the Eight Great Families, the Dawson family in the Eastern District surpasses the Swanson family in medicine. They’re also relatively trustworthy,” Lana revealed.
“Dawson family? One of the Top Four?” Dustin raised an intrigued eyebrow.
“Yes,” Lana confirmed.
###Chapter 1428 by Marina Vittori
Lana’s lips curled into a sly smile.
“Among the Eight Great Families, the Langfords, Dawsons, Killians, and Sawyers stand as equals. Meanwhile, the Welches, Swansons, Carmens, and Forrests closely trail behind.
“If we secure an alliance with the Dawson family, it’ll make dealing with the Swansons and Welches much easier.
Dustin nodded approvingly. “Excellent choice to go with the Dawsons. It seems you’ve done your homework well. Have you already established contact with them?”
Lana cooed in a playful tone, her smile enchanting. “You’re quite clever, Handsome. You’ve guessed right. I’ve identified a target within the Dawson family. Convincing him to cooperate won’t be a problem.”
Dustin’s curiosity got the better of him. “So, who’s this person?”
“He’s the youngest son of the Dawson family’s patriarch, Bo Dawson,” Lana revealed.
“Bo Dawson?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. “A rather unique name, it?” isn’t Lana’s smile held a hint of mischief as she replied, “Handsome, don’t underestimate him. Bo is the apple of his family’s eye. They’ve cherished him since the day he was born. Imagine the weight he carries within the Dawson family.”
Dustin grew even more curious. “So, what makes Bo so extraordinary?” he asked.
Lana smiled and explained, “Well, you see, Bo’s exceptional quality lies in the luck of his birth. The head of the Dawson family had over a dozen daughters before he had his only son, Bo, later in life.”
She continued, “As the sole male heir of the Dawson family, from the day Bo was born, he was cherished beyond measure. He was held as delicately as porcelain. It was as if they were afraid he might slip through their fingers.
“His grandparents, parents, uncles, aunts, and those dozen or so sisters- all shower him with affection. Just picture how indispensable he is within the Dawson family.”
As Lana concluded her explanation, Dustin couldn’t help but wear a bemused expression. Having over a dozen sisters but only one son was indeed not common, even among prestigious families.
There was no denying it-Bo was born with a golden spoon. He didn’t need to compete or scheme.
Right from birth, he became the heir of the prestigious Dawson family, a person cherished by everyone. He had everything handed to him, making his status even more comfortable than being born into royalty.
Lana asked with a playful smile, “Are you satisfied with my choice?”
Dustin offered a thumbs-up. “There couldn’t be a more suitable option.”
He thought that once he successfully persuaded Bo, dealing with the Dawson family would become much more manageable.
Lana, however, remained cautious. ” Don’t get too excited just yet, Handsome. Bo has been pampered since childhood and has a rather unique personality. He’s hard to predict, which makes me uncertain.”
Dustin was undeterred. He said, “Even so, we must give it a try. Catering to his preferences might lead to success.”
Lana’s smile held a hidden meaning as she said, “In that case, it will depend on your skills. I’ve already gathered information-Bo is expected at the Regal Court for breakfast today. It’s about time. You better make a good impression.”
Dustin blinked in surprise. “I’m going?”
Lana raised an eyebrow. “Of course. Bo Dawson has unique tastes. I’ve heard he’s not interested in women but has a fondness for men. With your good looks and physique, a little sacrifice might just do the trick.”
Dustin’s eye twitched, and he almost let out a string of curses. Was Lana intentionally putting him in this situation?
“Alright… he’s here. Good luck.”
###Chapter 1429 by Marina Vittori
“Alright… he’s here. Good luck,” Lana said with a mischievous smile. She subtly jutted her chin in a certain direction.
Dustin followed her gaze and saw a young man dressed in a classy suit making his way to the second floor. With his long hair and a folding fan in hand, he exuded an old-school charm. It reminded Dustin of classic movie stars.
Surrounded by a group of bodyguards and attendants, it was clear that this guy was the center of attention. Anyone attempting to get closer was swiftly blocked. There was no doubt that these bodyguards meant business.
“How about it? He looks pretty good, right? If you’re into that sort of thing, you won’t be at a loss, either.” Lana chuckled, covering her mouth.
The excitement in her eyes couldn’t be concealed. The prospect of a showdown between two men really thrilled her.
She was eager to find an opportunity to sneak a film and enjoy it to the fullest. Dustin couldn’t help but roll his eyes at Lana’s playful antics. “Could you please be a bit more serious, Lana?”
But Lana just grinned, her eyes filled with excitement. “Hey, business meetings can be fun too, you know.”
Dustin, trying to maintain his professionalism, retorted, “Just so we’re clear, I’m not here to sell myself.”
Lana’s response was a mischievous wink. “Well, it might not come to that if you can convince Bo. Who knows, he might be interested in what you’re offering.”
Dustin raised an eyebrow. “Are you trying to get me into trouble, Lana?”
Lana feigned innocence, but her eyes sparkled mischievously. “Oh, come on, Dustin. I’m a perfectly respectable lady. I’m not into any of that stuff.”
Dustin let out a resigned sigh. “Alright, I’m going to go and feel out the situation.”
Taking a deep breath, he drained his teacup. Then, he stood up and made his way toward the private room where Bo was located.
Inside Bo’s private room, a squad of bodyguards maintained a tight security perimeter. They ensured that no strangers could get close.
Even the servers delivering food and tea were required to stop at the door. The Dawson family had clearly taken every precaution to eliminate potential risks.
“Who are you? Stop right there!” one of the bodyguards demanded sternly.
As Dustin approached the door, he was abruptly stopped by a wall of imposing bodyguards. These beefy guards were like human walls. They blocked Dustin’s line of sight and prevented him from seeing what was happening inside.
Dustin remained calm. He asked politely, “Is Mr. Dawson inside?”
The bodyguards remained vigilant, ready to react to any unusual movements. “So what if he is? Mr.
Dawson doesn’t meet with outsiders. Please leave immediately.”
They’d draw their weapons at the slightest hint of trouble from Dustin. “No need to be so uptight. I mean no harm,” he reassured them.
“Could you please tell him that I’m here to discuss a business matter? I believe he would be interested,” Dustin requested, attempting to get his message across.
“Business?” The bodyguards shared a brief glance before scrutinizing Dustin’s appearance.
He was a good-looking man, the type Bo usually liked. However, despite his looks, coming from an unknown source might not work in his favor.
“Meeting Mr. Dawson requires a formal request and identity verification. Once we’ve confirmed your identity, Mr. Dawson will decide whether to see you.”
Dustin furrowed his brow, a bit frustrated. “Is it really that complicated?”
“Complicated?” The guard scoffed. ” Every day, countless people request to see him. If you find it too bothersome, you’re welcome to leave.”
What was this man thinking? The Dawson family was top-tier, and Bo was the sole heir. It wasn’t just a matter of showing up unannounced and meeting up.
“Please inform Mr. Dawson that I have important business,” Dustin said, making a polite gesture.
###Chapter 1430 by Marina Vittori
“Whatever it is, you have to follow the rules!” the bodyguard sternly refused.
“Well, I’ll just speak directly with Mr. Dawson,” Dustin said.
“Sorry, guys,” he added apologetically. Then, with a swift motion of his hand, a row of silver needles shot out, precisely hitting the necks of several guards.
The bodyguards instantly froze, unable to move or even make a sound. Only their eyes were darting around in surprise.
“This is an unavoidable action. Please forgive me,” Dustin said with a nod. With that, he continued into the room.
As he entered the room, a sharp gaze immediately swept over him. It was accompanied by a chilling air that sent shivers down his spine. In the next moment, a black steel blade with a fierce blade aura swung viciously at Dustin’s neck.
Dustin raised his eyebrows and instinctively stepped back. He narrowly avoided the blade as it grazed his throat, sending a shiver down his spine.
The room’s door, upon being struck by the blade, shattered into pieces. It left deep marks on the wall behind it.
This swift and fierce strike was something only a Grandmaster martial artist could accomplish. The assailant seemed surprised that Dustin had dodged the fatal blow.
Just as she was about to strike again, Dustin quickly interjected, “Hold on! I’ve got business to discuss with Mr. Dawson.”
Without a word, the assailant swung for a second strike. This time, it was faster, more vicious, and undeniably at the level of a grandmaster martial artist!
“Wait a moment…” A lazy voice interrupted. The black steel blade froze midair, less than a foot from Dustin’s neck. Dustin breathed a sigh of relief.
If the attack persisted, there was a risk of causing irreversible harm. Sheathing her long blade, the assailant was revealed to be a young woman in her twenties. She was dressed ready to fight, and looked sharp and cold.
At her age and with her exceptional skills as a formidable grandmaster martial artist, even in a place as competitive as Oakvale … She stood among the very best.
Employing a naturally gifted martial artist as a personal bodyguard spoke volumes about how highly the Dawson family regarded Bo Dawson.
“Being able to evade Elara’s strike is proof that you’re no ordinary person,” Bo said as he sat in his chair, gently fanning himself.
His eyes bore into Dustin, now filled with interest. “Risking your life to meet me. So, tell me, what brings you here?”
“Today, I’ve taken the liberty to visit because I’d like to discuss a business matter with you, Mr. Dawson,” Dustin said with a slight smile.
“Business?” Bo replied with a hint of skepticism. “You’re not here to ask for an investment, are you? I may have money, but I’m not foolish.”
“Mr. Dawson, you’ve misunderstood,” Dustin explained. “The business I wish to discuss requires not a single penny from you. It only requires access to the Dawson family’s connections to expand the market.”
“Oh? What makes you think I’d be willing to help?” Bo raised an eyebrow with a touch of curiosity.
“Or perhaps you have some exceptional quality that could pique my interest?” he asked.
###Chapter 1431 by Marina Vittori
“Exceptional quality?”
Bo raised an eyebrow, giving Dustin a knowing look that sent shivers down his spine. Was this guy really eyeing him up?
Dustin took a deep breath, trying to steady himself. “Mr. Dawson, I’ve heard that the Dawson family has made significant advancements in the field of medicine.”
He added, “Well, I happen to have a miraculous topical medicine called Dew Balm. It not only stops bleeding and aids in wound healing but can also remove scars.
“Once it hits the market, it’s sure to bring in a fortune for the Dawson family.”
“Topical medicine?” Mr. Dawson said, raising his teacup to take a sip with a hint of disinterest.
“We have countless medicines like that in the Dawson family, such as Dawson’s Healing Balm. It was specially designed for healing wounds and removing scars, and it far surpasses any other similar product available.”
“Dawson’s Healing Balm, naturally, I’ve heard of it,” Dustin smiled. “But compared to my Dew Balm, it falls quite short.”
“Oh? Quite the self-assured man, aren’t you?” Bo raised a curious eyebrow. The Dawson family was a powerhouse in the pharmaceutical industry. Whether it was acquisitions or developing new drugs, they were top- tier in every aspect.
Their Dawson’s Healing Balm was a household name, with excellent sales figures. To challenge the Dawson’s Healing Balm with an unheard-of ointment left Bo curious. Where did this guy get his confidence?
“It’s not about confidence but facts,” Dustin said, dead serious. “To be honest, the healing effects of Dew Balm is at least ten times better than Dawson’s Healing Balm.”
“Ten times?” Bo’s voice raised, reflecting his disbelief. “Are you kidding me? Do I look that gullible to you?”
Dawson’s Healing Balm was already considered the best topical medicine available. Claiming that an unheard-of product like Dew Balm had ten times the efficacy was nothing short of calling him a fool.
“Mr. Dawson, let’s not be hasty. Whether it’s true or not, you can find out by trying it,” Dustin said with a hint of amusement, not offering any more explanations. Using the same method as before, he cut his arm and applied Dew Balm to it.
About half an hour later, Dustin wiped off the remaining Dew Balm to reveal his completely healed arm. The previous wound had been entirely restored.
“How is this possible?” Bo’s eyes widened in astonishment. Even with all his knowledge and experience, he found this sight unbelievable.
The previous long wound had vanished as if it had never existed. The efficacy of Dew Balm was indeed extraordinary.
Dawson’s Healing Balm had taken years of research and development to reach its current status. However, the performance of Dew Balm had surpassed it completely. Its effectiveness wasn’t just ten times superior but even more miraculous.
“Mr. Dawson, are you satisfied with Dew Balm?” Dustin asked with a smirk.
“Uh…” Bo hesitated.
Was he satisfied? Dew Balm had the potential to overshadow every other topical medicine on the market. It was like leveling the playing field.
“Mr. Dawson, be cautious. This might be a trick!” Elara, who had been silently observing, finally spoke.
“What concerns you, Ms. Elara?” Dustin asked in response. “Such a miraculous medicine? I suspect you’ve played a trick, creating an illusion,” Elara said sternly.
In her view, Dustin had likely used some sort of illusion or deception. It was similar to those stage magicians who cut people in half and then magically restore them. It was all a gimmick.
“Ms. Elara, it seems you don’t trust me. How about trying it yourself?” Dustin pushed Dew Balm toward the table.
“Alright, I will,” Elara said without hesitation. She drew her blade and sliced her thigh. As the blade passed, her thigh immediately opened up and began to bleed.
###Chapter 1432 by Marina Vittori
Looking at the wound, it was clear that the cut was deep. If it were an ordinary person, they probably couldn’t help but scream.
However, Elara remained expressionless throughout. She didn’t even furrow her brow. It was as if the blade didn’t touch her. This woman was undoubtedly a fierce warrior!
“Give me the medicine!” Elara stepped onto a chair. She tore off half of her pants, revealing a well-toned thigh that combined strength and beauty.
She scooped out some ointment from a jar and casually applied it to the wound.
Then, something magical happened. In just half an hour, the bleeding from the wound had stopped. The cold and numbing sensation made Elara, who had been emotionless, finally show a trace of surprise.
As a grandmaster martial artist, she could naturally feel the subtle changes in her body. She had to admit that this ointment was truly extraordinary. After about half an hour, Elara wiped the remaining ointment away with a towel.
The previous wound had mostly healed, leaving only a faint red mark. It was fresh, new skin.
“Ms. Elara, do you believe it now?”
Dustin smiled.
“Yes,” Elara nodded, holding her sword and silently retreating to the side, not speaking further.
“Mr. Dawson, what do you Dustin shifted his gaze. think?”
“It’s truly a fantastic item!” Bo beamed. “I may not be interested in money, but for the family business, I need to make some effort. About this Dew Balm, how do you propose we collaborate?”
Dustin laid out the terms. “In terms of production, I’ve already partnered with the Camron family. Mr. Dawson, your role will be sales and promotion. We will utilize the Dawson family’s connections and influence to turn Dew Balm into a blockbuster product.”
He added, “As for the profit distribution, we can go with a forty- thirty-thirty split. The Dawson family takes forty percent, and the Camron family and I each get thirty percent. What do you say?”
“I thought you’d be more demanding, but you’re quite fair.” Bo chuckled.
With the Dawson family’s influence, they could easily secure a forty percent share. However, hearing it from Dustin was another matter.
“In business, fairness and honesty matter. The Dawson family has contributed the most, so naturally, they should get the lion’s share.”
Dustin smiled.
“Right, I like your attitude.” Bo nodded in satisfaction. His face lit up even more, and the intense look in his eyes made Dustin’s skin crawl. Was he seriously suggesting something inappropriate?
“Mr. Dawson, Dew Balm may not have a smooth path ahead. We have two competitors to watch out for. I hope you’re prepared.” Dustin wisely changed the subject.
“Oh? Who dares to compete with the Dawson family?” Mr. Dawson raised an eyebrow.
“The Welch family and the Swanson family from the Eight Great Families,” Dustin briefly recounted the situation.
“I see. With the ethics of the Welch and Swanson families, it’s not surprising they’d resort to such low tactics.
“But you don’t have to worry about the market. Our product is good and affordable, and with my family’s connections and influence, we can easily outshine them,” Bo assured him.
“With your words, Mr. Dawson, I’m at ease.” Dustin nodded.
“Dustin, if you stick with me, you won’t be treated unfairly. I promise you a life of luxury and extravagance.” Bo placed his hand on Dustin’s shoulder, giving it a meaningful pat.
Dustin froze, not knowing whether to laugh or cry. This was supposed to be a business talk. Why was it suddenly taking an unexpected turn?
“Dustin, I must say you’re a good- looking man, with that flawless skin and all. Fits right into my tastes,” Bo commented.
“Once you accept a few conditions of mine, I assure you, a life of luxury and endless pleasures will be at your disposal.”
Bo’s gaze roved up and down, filled with a fiery desire as if he were appreciating a fine piece of art. Dustin found himself in an awkward and nerve-wracking situation.
“This is not how I envisioned this business meeting,” he muttered to himself, feeling his skin crawl.
###Chapter 1433 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin, why are you so nervous? I’m. not going to eat you.” Bo chuckled and gave Dustin’s sturdy shoulder a little squeeze.
He complimented, “You look slender, but you’re quite robust to the touch. It must be one of those cases where clothes make you appear slimmer, but underneath, there’s strength. Impressive, really impressive.”
Dustin shivered with discomfort and hastily pushed Bo’s hand away. “I appreciate the compliment, but let’s stick to business. I can’t accommodate any other requests.”
“Come on, Dustin! I’m only looking out for your best interests here. With the Dawson family behind you, you’ll practically own Oakvale. All you need to do is make a slight sacrifice. It’s not a big deal. Remember, most people don’t even get this chance.”
Dustin was bewildered and replied, Thanks for the offer, but I can’t accept that kind of ‘chance.””
“Man, you just don’t realize how lucky you are. If it weren’t for your good looks and talent, do you think I’d cut you any slack?” Bo shook his head and sighed.
“Do you have any idea how many people want to be my brothers-in-law? There are a ton of them. I’m giving you a chance!”
“Wait a minute!” Dustin blinked in confusion. “What did you say? Brother- in-law?”
It wasn’t the other motive, but a brother-in-law?
Bo’s expression turned serious as he began, “I’ve got seventeen sisters. Four of them are already hitched, but I’ve still got a dozen single siblings at home. Let’s face it, they’re not getting any younger. It’s been a constant source of worry for me.”
While most people might envy his situation, few understood the burden he carried. As the only son in the family, he had an array of responsibilities to manage. Each day was a juggling act, but he managed to excel in various areas, from his studies to his talents.
Yet, one thing constantly gave him a headache, and that was finding good matches for his sisters.
The requirements were high, calling for not just social compatibility but also good looks, impressive abilities, and impeccable character. The standards were through the roof.
And it got even more challenging when you realized he wasn’t on a quest to find just one brother-in-law, but thirteen of them. The difficulty of the task was beyond imagination.
That was why he kept his eyes peeled for potential candidates whenever he had a moment to spare. After observing Dustin, he thought,” Maybe he could be a suitable match.”
Dustin let out a sigh of relief. “Brother- in-law? You had me worried there. I thought-”
Bo Dawson interrupted him, asking, ” You thought what?” Then it struck him. “Oh, I see. You didn’t think I had ulterior motives, did you?”
Dustin felt somewhat embarrassed and replied, “Well…”
The way Bo had spoken and behaved earlier had indeed seemed a bit off. Bo continued, “Were there rumors about my preference for handsome men?”
Dustin hesitated, “Well, there might have been some talk.”
Bo smiled and admitted, “Those rumors aren’t entirely unfounded. I actually started some of them myself.
“You see, being as good-looking as I am, coming from a well-off family, and having all these talents, women would throw themselves at me every day. It was like an endless stream of admirers.
“To avoid all that hassle, I decided to claim I had a thing for men. Over time, those rumors began to circulate.”
Dustin nodded, understanding now.
The earlier confusion caused by Bo’s peculiar behavior had made him hesitate. But he was relieved they’d clarified everything in person.
Their future cooperation was less likely to be marred by misunderstandings now.
###Chapter 1434 by Marina Vittori
“Hey, Dustin,” Bo Dawson said with enthusiasm, “Have you ever considered becoming my brother-in-law?
“If you married into the Dawson family, you’d have our unwavering support. Rain or shine, we’d have your back.”
He leaned in a bit closer and added, What’s more, my thirteen sisters are not only beautiful but also accomplished in various arts and skills. You wouldn’t be at a loss for good company.”
Bo was playing the role of a matchmaker with all his might.
Dustin tactfully declined, saying, “Mr. Dawson, I’m just an ordinary guy. I don’t think I could ever reach the heights of the Dawson family.”
Bo waved off his concerns, saying, Nonsense! I don’t care about any of that. If you catch my eye, you could still be my brother-in-law. My sisters won’t refuse.”
With an enthusiastic grin, Bo pulled out his phone, displaying photos of his sisters. He began to introduce them one by one.
“Come on, have a look. These are pictures of my sisters. You can pick anyone you like, no reservations. Leave the rest to me.
Dustin’s lips twitched in amusement. He couldn’t help but feel like Bo was trying to sell him something, and it was all free of charge, no less. The eagerness was quite noticeable.
Bo, undeterred, continued his pitch. ” What do you think? Aren’t my sisters beautiful? If one isn’t enough for you, you can have two, as long as you can handle it. I’m all in!”
Dustin couldn’t help but chuckle. “Mr. Dawson, I appreciate the offer. But I’ve got a fiancée, so I’m unavailable.”
Bo frowned playfully. “A fiancée? As long as you’re not married, it’s all good. By the way, is she prettier than my sisters?”
Dustin nodded. “Indeed, she’s quite the catch.”
Bo’s face froze, and he was left momentarily speechless. “Well, I see,” he managed to respond, a bit taken aback.
“Yeah, never mind then. I won’t push you into something you’re not into. Guess we’re just not a match,” Bo said, with a tinge of disappointment, as if Dustin had missed an opportunity.
“Mr. Dawson, about the Dew Balm…” Dustin hesitated.
“Don’t sweat it. Business is business, and personal stuff is, well, personal,” Bo said, sounding self-assured. He then casually added, “Once you’ve got that Dew Balm going, you can count on the Dawson family for some solid support. We’ll make a great deal of money together. It’s a no-brainer, right?”
“Mr. Dawson, you’ve got a sharp mind. Here’s to a thriving business,” Dustin said, offering a smile and raising his cup.
“Cheers!” Bo raised his cup and clinked it with Dustin’s before downing it enthusiastically.
“Hey, Dustin,” Bo whispered, a mischievous glint in his eye. “Do you happen to have any other miracle potions in your arsenal? You know, something that can give a guy that extra edge, uh, below the belt?”
Dustin raised an eyebrow catching.
Bo’s drift. “You mean, like an aphrodisiac?”
“Shh, not so loud,” Bo urged, placing a finger to his lips. “You’re right on the money. It’s not like I need it, but who wouldn’t want to be a little more… robust, right?”
Dustin chuckled. “I’ve got just the thing, but I didn’t bring it with me today. Next time we meet, I’ll hook you up. You’ll be an absolute powerhouse.”
“Awesome, buddy!” Bo’s eyes sparkled with anticipation. “From today onwards, you’re like a brother to me now! If you ever need help, don’t hesitate to reach out.”
With Dustin’s Dew Balm being such a hit, his aphrodisiac shouldn’t disappoint, right?
He couldn’t help but feel a little pumped just thinking about it.
###Chapter 1435 by Marina Vittori
After reaching an agreement with Bo, Dustin immediately called Lana from the next room. The three of them had a detailed. discussion and signed the relevant contracts. With that, the tripartite alliance was officially established.
Over the next two days, Dustin juggled between teaching the pharmacists to make Dew Balm and working on the reconstruction of Harmony Healers.
He was busy and in high spirits, running from one end to the other. Fortunately, Lana’s assistance helped streamline the process. Then, things quickly fell into place.
On the side of the Welch and Swanson families, progress was even quicker. The production of Dew Balm had already entered the sales phase. They even rebranded it as “Rejuvenaid”.
The name signified a miraculous recovery. Although Rejuvenaid didn’t meet the drug content standards, the power of their wealth made these concerns practically irrelevant.
After a massive promotional campaign, the Welch and Swanson families’ Rejuvenaid had gained significant recognition.
Despite its high price, the response was excellent, especially due to its remarkable wound-healing effects. It attracted numerous pharmaceutical distributors.
It even piqued the interest of top military officials. A healing ointment like Rejuvenaid that could quickly stop bleeding and aid in recovery was invaluable to soldiers frequently injured in action.
As a result, various military departments took this matter seriously, and waves of people showed up to place orders. Within two days, the Welch and Swanson families had already accepted a considerable number of orders. Business was more booming than ever.
Medical experts were convinced that this groundbreaking Rejuvenaid would become an unprecedented hit.
It was noon in East City. Inside the office of the Dawson Medical Group, a poised and beautiful woman, sat in her swivel chair. She was attentively listening to her secretary’s report.
“Ms. Dawson, we’ve investigated thoroughly. It turns out the sudden appearance of Rejuvenaid on the market is a joint product developed by the Swanson and Welch families,” the secretary reported.
She added, “Its medicinal effects are miraculous and seem to surpass the Dawson’s Healing Balm.”
“Considering the current situation, our prospects don’t look very promising,” the secretary continued. She then placed the investigation materials on the desk.
Greta Dawson was the eldest daughter of the Dawson family. She was also the Chairwoman of the Dawson Medical Group.
Furrowing her delicate eyebrows, she carefully examined the report. “How could this happen? In just a few days, how could they possibly develop such a superior medicine?”
As someone who knew the Swanson and Welch families well, Greta had been quietly monitoring their development. She even had informants within their organizations.
Before Rejuvenaid appeared, she hadn’t heard any news or information about it.. It was as if it had appeared out of thin air. This was incredibly strange.
“Ms. Dawson, what do we do now?” the secretary asked. “Should we consider contacting the Swanson and Welch families to explore the possibility of cooperation?”
“It’s not that simple,” Greta replied, shaking her head.
She continued, “They’re obviously well -prepared this time. If we seek cooperation, they’ll likely take advantage and squeeze us.
“But if we don’t cooperate, the Dawson Medical Group will suffer significant losses. Over time, our market share will be eroded, and our clients will be poached. It’s a tricky situation.”
“Let me think…” Greta began to ponder. She massaged her temples gently, deep in thought. The decision was tough.
If she cooperated, the Welch and Swanson families would surely make greedy demands. They would seize Dawson’s market share and poach their business partners.
On the flip side, non-cooperation would mean severe losses for Dawson Medical Group. Eventually, their market share and business partners would still be poached.
It was truly a dilemma.
At that moment, the phone on her desk started ringing. Greta picked it up and recognized the voice on the other end.
“Ms. Dawson, Ms. Eleanor Welch and Mr. Ezra Swanson are here to visit. Do you have a moment?”
###Chapter 1436 by Marina Vittori
“Show them in,” Greta replied.
“Of course.”
The phone call ended, and a few moments later, the door to the office swung open. Ezra and Eleanor walked in together, both sporting smiles on their faces.
“Ms. Dawson, we hope we’re not disturbing you by coming unannounced,” Ezra said with an air of politeness. Eleanor, on the other hand, went straight for the couch and took a seat. She exuded a leader’s presence.
“Mr. Swanson, Ms. Welch, what brings you here today? Do you have any business with me?” Greta maintained her calm demeanor.
“Business? Yes,” Ezra responded with a not-so-subtle smile. “We wanted to discuss a business opportunity with you.”
“What kind of opportunity?” Greta asked, acting as if she was oblivious to their intent.
“Ms. Dawson, have you heard about our recent product, Rejuvenaid?” Ezra asked.
“I’ve heard of it, yes. What’s the matter?” Greta’s expression remained composed.
“Great, that makes things easier.” Ezra smiled. Then, he said, “Rejuvenaid, our latest creation, is a miraculous healing balm. Once we launch it widely, it will dominate the market. It would surpass all other external injury treatments, including your Dawson’s Healing Balm.
“Mr. Swanson, you seem overly confident, don’t you think? Your Rejuvenaid is impressive, but our Dawson’s Healing Balm is no slouch either,” Greta remarked.
“It’s not about overconfidence. It’s about reality,” Ezra replied with a meaningful smile.
He added, “Ms. Dawson, you’re a smart person. You should understand the difference between the two products. The trends are clear, and denying them won’t change that.”
“So, Mr. Swanson, what exactly are you here to discuss? Let’s get straight to the point.” Greta remained calm.
“Absolutely.” Ezra snapped his fingers and smiled.
“Ms. Dawson, our Rejuvenaid is set to dominate the entire market very soon. To ensure a smoother path to success, I hope we can collaborate with the Dawson Medical Group,” he offered.
“How would this collaboration work?” Greta asked with her fingers intertwined on the table, showing keen interest.
“It’s quite simple. Both of our families will handle the production. Meanwhile, the Dawson family will handle nationwide distribution through your sales channels.
“This way, Rejuvenaid can quickly gain a substantial market share, and we can all profit handsomely,” Ezra explained with a smile.
“That sounds promising, but how would we split the profits?” Greta inquired.
Rejuvenaid was set to become a smashing hit. Partnering with the Welch and Swanson families was the key to recouping their losses.
Of course, she couldn’t afford to wear her enthusiasm on her sleeve. Otherwise, they might just exploit that and offer an even smaller cut.
“We discussed it internally and were planning to offer Dawson Medical Group th-” Ezra was about to propose a 30% share and extended his three fingers. But then, Eleanor, seated on the couch, suddenly spoke up, “We’ll give you ten percent of the profits.”
“Hmm?” Greta furrowed her brow instantly upon hearing Eleanor’s offer. Ezra’s smile also froze.
Their initial discussion had suggested giving Dawson’s Medical Group 30% of the profits to facilitate quick market entry. Then, they would have the option to reduce it later once they had established themselves.
However, Eleanor had swiftly lowered the percentage to ten. A 30% profit share was suddenly reduced to 10%. It was quite a steep cut!
“Ms. Welch, is this a genuine negotiation for business?” Greta said with a cold tone.
“Ms. Dawson, 10% is our absolute limit, “Eleanor responded indifferently. She added, “After all, Rejuvenaid is the product of our combined research and production efforts. The Dawson family’s sole responsibility is sales. Ten percent is a generous offer.”
“If you’re not genuinely interested, then there’s no need to discuss collaboration any further,” Greta stated with a hint of frustration.
“Ms. Dawson, it’s in your best interest to think this over carefully before answering,” Eleanor huffed.
“If we collaborate, the Dawson family can still make some profit. If not, you’ll be left to struggle on your own,” she warned.
###Chapter 1437 by Marina Vittori
“Ms. Welch, are you threatening me?” Greta’s face darkened at Eleanor’s aggressive tone, and her eyes turned sharp.
The Dawson family had vast sales channels and significant influence in the pharmaceutical industry. It was reasonable to offer a profit share of 40 to 50 percent in a partnership, especially given the quality of the product in question.
But Eleanor was acting as if she was the one doing them a favor; she clearly didn’t understand the capabilities of the Dawson family.
It was an insult to the Dawsons for Eleanor to offer only ten percent profit. Her behavior was akin to trying to deceive the Dawson family, treating them as if they were naive.
“Ms. Dawson, please don’t misunderstand. Eleanor is just kidding. Ezra quickly attempted to defuse the situation, making eye contact with Eleanor, who seemed to miss the cues,
Damn it! Was Eleanor out of her mind? Earlier, they had agreed on a 30 percent profit, and now she was trying to squeeze Greta down to just ten percent. This wasn’t a negotiation; it was downright daylight robbery!
The Dawson family was one of the big players in the industry; they were way above the Welch and Swanson family in many aspects. They were the undisputed leaders in the medical field; messing with a giant like them was plain stupidity.
“Kidding?” Greta snorted, her gaze cold, “It doesn’t look like a joke, judging by Ms. Welch’s attitude.”
“Ms. Dawson,” Eleanor began, “Wise decisions are what make a successful leader. We’re generous enough to offer you ten percent profit.
“Our Rejuvenaid is bound to become a sensation, and no one can stand in its way. You must be aware of the potential losses the Dawson Family might suffer if you miss out on this opportunity.”
She thought, “According to our agreement, profits should be divided equally between our two families.
“Giving the Dawson Family 30 percent would leave only 35 percent for the Welch and Swanson family, which doesn’t seem fair.”
Eleanor believed this offer was more than generous, considering the Dawson Family had yet to contribute anything but sales. The miraculous effects of Rejuvenaid were certain to drive sales, so why should she offer such a big amount to the Dawson Family?
In her opinion, ten percent was already a good offer: any amount above five percent was more than reasonable.
“Since your Rejuvenaid is so exceptional, why come to the Dawson Family? You’re more than welcome to seek collaboration elsewhere,” Greta retorted coldly.
“We’re offering you an opportunity, Ms. Dawson. Most companies would kill for the chance to represent Rejuvenaid,” Eleanor replied, maintaining her arrogance.
Greta quickly declined, saying, “Thank you, but I’m not interested. I have other matters to attend to. I won’t see you out.”
“Ms. Dawson-”
“I said enough. Please leave!” Ezra was about to speak but was abruptly interrupted by Greta.
The Dawson Family had never been humiliated like this before. It was just a single medication, and it was absurd. she would think it could threaten the Dawson Family’s position.
At most, it would cause a small loss, but it was a minor disturbance the Dawson Family could handle.
“This decision of yours, Greta Dawson, do you even realize the extent of the losses it will bring to your family business? You should think long and hard,” Eleanor said with a slight frown.
This woman was utterly shameless, in Greta’s opinion.
“Even if the Dawson Family suffers significant losses, it’s none of your concern. If you expect us to be your stepping stone, you can forget it!” Greta responded firmly, shocking Eleanor.
Eleanor had never encountered such rejection and was surprised that Greta preferred her company to suffer loss rather than collaborate with them.
###Chapter 1438 by Marina Vittori
Greta’s stubbornness was outrageous! “Oh, we had some visitors!” At that moment, Bo walked in. He strolled in casually and confidently. The female grandmaster, Elara, followed, her sharp eyes scanning the surroundings for potential threats.
“Bo, you’re here?” Greta’s expression softened upon seeing her younger brother.
“Greta, you haven’t eaten yet, have you?” Bo said. “I’ve brought some food from Regal Court. You should try it out.
Bo took the container from Elara and placed various dishes on Greta’s desk. It was a well-rounded meal, ranging from salads to steaks.
“Bo, you’re a lifesaver. I’ve taught you well.” Greta smiled, her previous concerns now brushed aside. She was genuinely thankful for her thoughtful brother.
“Greta, do these guests have any urgent business here?” Bo looked over at Ezra and Eleanor. He recognized them as fellow scions of well-off families, although they weren’t exactly close friends.
“It’s all business, but we haven’t struck a deal yet,” Greta explained.
“Are you Mr. Dawson of the Dawson Family?” Eleanor approached Bo and said, “We’ve recently developed a game -changing product called Rejuvenaid that’s about to take the market by storm!
“We originally wanted to team up with the Dawson Family. But, unfortunately, your sister made an unwise move by turning down our invitation.
“I hope you can talk to the Dawson family’s management to reconsider our proposal.”
“Turned it down?” Bo raised an eyebrow and looked at both Greta and Eleanor. “What kind of deal are you offering us?”
“We’re talking about ten percent shares,” Eleanor said, holding up one finger.
“Ten percent?” Bo blinked, sounding surprised. “Did I hear that right?”
Eleanor nodded with unwavering confidence. “Absolutely. The Dawson Family can pocket a ten percent profit without breaking a sweat. Why pass up such a golden opportunity?”
“Ms. Welch, are you out of your mind? Ten percent? Do you think you’re giving out handouts to us?” Bo retorted, his voice laced with sarcasm. He found it hard to believe the audacity of Eleanor.
Dustin’s genuine Dew Balm granted him a 40 percent profit margin. This woman was suggesting just ten percent for an inferior product. It was as if she regarded the Dawson Family as an easy mark.
“Mind your manners, Mr. Dawson,” Eleanor replied, her irritation evident.
“Our Rejuvenaid is definitely going to be a hit, and the cash will flow. Ten percent profit is more than enough for the Dawson Family to make a hefty profit.”
“To hell with you! Do you really think you can make a hit without the Dawson Family’s distribution channels?” Bo shot back.
“You might have a fine product, but how do bitches like you plan to sell it without us? Do you think we’re gullible?
“I-Is this how you’re supposed to speak with me?!?” Eleanor’s frustration grew as Bo continued to challenge her.
She was used to being treated with respect and courtesy due to her status and beauty. Now, this guy was using profanity and derogatory terms without any hint of civility!
“This is how I talk; you’ll have to get used to it! If you don’t like it, you can leave!” Bo didn’t mince words.
“How dare you-!” Eleanor was fuming. Bo was undeterred. “Oh, you think I’m going overboard? I can do much more if that’s what you want.”
Bo snapped his fingers and instructed, ” Hey, show these two numskulls the door! If they put up a fight, give them a lesson by breaking their legs!”
###Chapter 1439 by Marina Vittori
As Bo gave the signal, his bodyguards rushed forward and surrounded Eleanor and Ezra. Their menacing expressions made them look like a group of sharks circling two helpless fish.
“What do you think you’re doing? I warn you not to make any rash moves. I’m from the Welch family, and if you lay a hand on me, you’ll pay dearly!” Eleanor sternly warned, her face showing a mix of anger and fear.
She hadn’t expected Bo to be so unreasonable. It was much better dealing with Greta than with him.
“Mr. Dawson, calm down. In business, there’s no need for hostilities. There’s no need to escalate this.” Ezra tried to defuse the situation with a forced smile.
Bo’s status was widely known among the elite circles of Oakvale. He was cherished and protected by the Dawson family, regardless of any mistakes he made.
Bo stood on a different level from the young heirs of the prominent families. In other words, even if Bo beat them up today, the Welch and Swanson families wouldn’t dare to retaliate.
“You two come barging into Dawson Medical Group, trying to flaunt to us. Do you really expect me to be polite? You better leave before I lose my temper!” Bo didn’t mince words. They were competitors, and there was no reason to hold back.
“Listen here, Dawson!” Eleanor snarled.
“You better watch out! Today, you ignored us, but tomorrow, you won’t even be able to keep up with us.
“When our Rejuvenaid becomes a hit, I promise you’ll regret this.” Her blood was boiling. She had never experienced such humiliation before, and nobody had spoken so disrespectfully to her.
Bo scoffed. “Fine, I’ll be waiting. I’m curious to see how amazing your Rejuvenaid really is.”
Eleanor glared at him and hissed, ” Humph! One day, I’ll make and beg for mercy.” you kneel
Leaving behind this threat, Eleanor stormed out in anger.
“Mr. Dawson, you’ve made a grave mistake this time. Take care of yourselves,” Ezra said before quickly following her out. The partnership between the two sides had completely fallen apart.
“Phew, what a bunch of amateurs!” Bo spat, his face full of disdain. “Bo, as despicable as they may be, we shouldn’t underestimate them,” Greta cautioned.
“I’ve already investigated the situation with Rejuvenaid. It truly has the potential to outshine our Dawson’s Healing Balm.
“If it becomes a hit, it could impact us significantly. You should go and inform Father to prepare for this.”
“Greta, don’t worry. Rejuvenaid? It’s just junk! I don’t even take it seriously. “Bo waved off her concern.
“Bo, you don’t understand the gravity of the situation. To avoid further losses, we must be prepared,” Greta. said, her expression growing serious.
“Trust me, Greta, I have a plan.” Bo smiled as he pushed the containers forward. “Right now, your most important task is to eat well and fill your stomach. Leave the rest to me.”
“You? What kind of plan do you have?” Greta looked at him with curiosity.
“To be honest, Rejuvenaid that the Welch and Swanson families developed is subpar and based on a stolen formula. It not only has poorer efficacy but also high production costs.
“Moreover, excessive use can lead to side effects. We’re better off without such subpar products,” Bo explained.
“How do you know all this?” Greta asked in surprise.
“The person who possesses the authentic formula approached me, and we’ve already established a partnership.
Bo grinned.
“What?” Greta exclaimed in shock. 11 Bo, you’re not joking with me, are you?”
“Greta, how could I joke about something like this?” Bo replied earnestly. He continued, “I’ve personally verified it. The medicine I have in my hands right now has a far better healing effect than Rejuvenaid.
“As long as the Dawson family promotes it vigorously, we can crush the schemes of the Welch and Swanson families.
“We’ll make sure they don’t even get a chance to regret their words!”
###Chapter 1440 by Marina Vittori
“That’s fantastic!” Greta’s face beamed with excitement, and she felt a renewed sense of optimism. She had been fretting about how to deal with the competition and minimize potential losses. However, to her surprise, good news had come their way.
The Dawson family already held a prominent position in the pharmaceutical industry, controlling nearly 70 percent of the Oakvale medical market. With their resources and connections, they never struggled to sell their products.
That was why the Welch and Swanson families had approached them for a collaboration to promote their Rejuvenaid. But, their greed and reluctance to compromise had caused the negotiations to fail.
Now, with the unexpected news from Bo, the Dawson Medical Group was no longer shackled. In fact, this could be an opportunity to go head-to-head with the Welch and Swanson families!
“Hold on a sec…” After the initial excitement, Greta seemed to recall something important. She suddenly asked, “Bo, who are these people you’re partnering with? Can we trust them? Are they reliable?”
“No need to worry. I’m not a pushover. I wouldn’t fall for any tricks,” Bo assured her and used a fork to pick up a piece of meat to eat, relishing in the taste.
He continued, “I’ve thoroughly checked it out, and I’m collaborating with a guy named Dustin, who comes from the Southern Province.
“He’s well-regarded in his area, knowledgeable and skilled. He’s also a top-notch doctor! He comes with a clean background, and he’s known for his integrity.
“Dustin’s working with me for two reasons: to make money and to get revenge. The Welch family got hold of his family’s secret formula but refused to pay up and even threatened him.
“He had no choice but to seek help and heard about the strong influence of the Dawson family. So, he decided to join us. I’ve checked him out, and I believe he’s trustworthy.”
As Bo spoke, he picked up another piece of meat again and added, “As for his character, he’s trustworthy.”
“Good to know,” Greta nodded, most of her concerns put to rest.
As the older sister, she naturally worried about her younger brother getting duped. But on second thought, despite his somewhat unreliable appearance, her brother had never let her down when it mattered.
He also had a keen eye for people, so someone he trusted was likely reliable. “Alright, enjoy your meal without any worries. Don’t overthink it; the food’s getting cold,” Bo urged.
“Okay, let’s dig in.” Greta smiled, picking up her fork and savoring the meal with delight. Between bites, she said, “Bo, if you get the chance, bring this Dustin over so I can meet him. A talented person like him should be well-received in our Dawson family.”
“Don’t tell me you’ve got an ulterior motive?” Bo suddenly gave her a sly grin.
“What?” Greta was momentarily taken aback.
“This guy is excellent in every way, except he’s just too serious.” Bo shrugged with a hint of frustration.
“Originally, I thought about using your beauty to charm him into becoming your husband and my brother-in-law.
“But this guy didn’t glance in your direction and rejected the offer. He wouldn’t even acknowledge a bit of flattery.”
Greta’s eye twitched, and she was speechless. “Don’t worry. I won’t give up. I’ll do whatever it takes to ensure your happiness. I will definitely persuade him!”
Bo declared, determined, “If push comes to shove, we’ll leave no stone unturned. We’ll make sure it happens, leaving him with no chance to reject!
“Hehe! I must be a genius!”
###Chapter 1441 by Marina Vittori
Inside a speeding Maserati, Eleanor was seated in the back. She poured herself a glass of red wine, which she chugged down. Her beautiful face was now tainted with anger and bitterness.
“Those damn Dawson siblings!” Eleanor fumed. “Kicking us out? I’ll make them pay for this!”
“Eleanor, take it easy. Dealing with the Dawson family won’t be a cakewalk. Let’s not make this worse,” Ezra advised.
“Hmph! We’re part of Oakvale’s eight great families and a force to be reckoned with! We shouldn’t fear them, “Eleanor argued.
“It’s not that I fear them; it’s just unnecessary to stir up trouble.” Ezra shook his head.
If the strengths of the Welch and Swanson families combined, it would give them an edge over the Dawsons. But if they faced the Dawsons head-on, it would only result in mutual damage.
“I still think it’s necessary!” Eleanor responded with determination in her eyes.
“In a competition of willpower, we should stand our ground. With Rejuvenaid at our disposal, we can use this opportunity to pressure the Dawson family.”
“Indeed, Rejuvenaid can deal them a significant setback, but it won’t be a knockout punch,” Ezra pondered.
“In fact, our original plan was that we would start by collaborating with the Dawsons. Then, when the time was right, we could seize their market share. That would have been a wiser approach.”
If it weren’t for Eleanor’s stubbornness, pushing the profit share to the minimum, the Dawson family would never have resorted to such a drastic measure. Eleanor raised an eyebrow, looking surprised. “So, you’re blaming me for this?”
“Of course not. I’m not blaming you,” Ezra quickly clarified.
“The blame lies mainly with the Dawson siblings for not recognizing our generosity. They were unappreciative and disrespectful.”
“Alright, I see your point,” Eleanor conceded, her expression softening.
“Eleanor, I noticed Bo appeared confident. What if they already have a plan in place?” Ezra suddenly brought up. Eleanor scoffed. “Their Dawson’s Healing Balm doesn’t hold a candle to our Rejuvenaid. How could they possibly fight back?”
But then Eleanor paused as if a thought had struck her. “Wait a second… I think we might have forgotten someone. “You mean… Dustin?” Ezra quickly caught on.
“Yes,” Eleanor nodded seriously, “With all the recent turmoil, we nearly forgot about him!
“We have the Rejuvenaid formula, but so does Dustin. If the Dawson family gets their hands on him, we’d lose our advantage!”
“Indeed, this guy is a ticking time bomb.” Ezra squinted his eyes.
“I asked you to hire some experts to deal with him. How’s that going?”
Eleanor asked.
“They’re on their way, and I expect them to arrive tonight,” Ezra replied.
“Very well, let’s deal with Dustin as soon as possible to avoid further complications,” Eleanor said, her gaze cold.
“Understood! This time, he won’t escape.” Ezra clenched his fists. Getting rid of Dustin was rather easy; all they needed was a skilled assassin. However, family interests required him to be captured alive, interrogated for any valuable information, and then, disposed of.
For this matter, the occult master from the Mystic Arts Order was the ideal choice. In a villa in South City, Cinna lay unconscious on a bed, his face pale, his body emaciated. His breath was faint, like a flickering candle in the wind, ready to extinguish at any moment.
Dustin stood by the bedside, administering acupuncture and infusing Cinna with pure energy.
Not long ago, Cinna’s condition had suddenly worsened, and he was on the brink of death. Dustin had intervened in time, using his true energy to extend Cinna’s life and pull him back from the brink of death.
“Phew…” Soon, Dustin let out a long sigh of relief, finally stabilizing Cinna’s condition. At this moment, he was drenched in sweat, having expended tremendous energy.
“Dustin, how is Mr. Shaffer? Is he going to be alright?”
###Chapter 1442 by Marina Vittori
Brooke, who had been standing behind Dustin, broke the silence. Brooke had been watching the situation unfold, but there was little he could do. Even with his impressive medical skills, he couldn’t help without the right ingredients.
“Mr. Shaffer is stable for now, but I can’t say for how long. We need to gather the ingredients and make the Sanctifix as soon as possible to cure him fully,” Dustin said, concern etched on his face.
Using true energy to prolong life was a temporary solution, not a permanent fix. With time, Mr. Shaffer’s condition would deteriorate. If they continued on this path, there would be no way out.
“It’s my fault for not being able to find the other two rare herbs,” Brooke said, filled with guilt. Despite his reputation in the medical field, he had hoped his connections could help locate the herbs, but he was disappointed.
“Don’t blame yourself, Dr. Busch. Precious herbs can be hard to come by. We can only do what we can and leave the rest to fate.” Dustin sighed softly.
“Let’s hope Mr. Shaffer recovers soon,’ Brooke whispered a silent prayer, his hands clasped together. Suddenly, a faint knock came from the door. Dustin opened it to find Maximus standing outside.
“What’s going on?” Dustin asked.
“Dustin, someone is looking for you outside,” Maximus replied.
“Who is it?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“I don’t know, but he looks pretty arrogant,” Maximus said.
“Alright, let’s go see.” Dustin decided to see who was it. A black Land Rover was parked at the front gate. A well-built, rugged- looking young man stood with his arms crossed, leaning against the car door. He gave off a cold and aloof demeanor. It was none other than Dexter.
“Bastard! You finally decided to come out? I thought you were going to play the hermit forever!” Dexter grumbled and huffed once he saw Dustin.
“What are you here for?” Dustin asked, puzzled. “What? Don’t you remember the duel we arranged three days ago?” Dexter narrowed his eyes.
“Duel? Oh, I remember now. There was something like that.” Dustin nodded and I gave Dexter a quick once-over.
“So, what’s the deal? Is the Fallon family sending you out to play their hand again?”
“Hmph! Of course, it’s not me. The one fighting you today is my older brother Declan!” Dexter proudly said.
“Is your older brother Declan very strong?” Dustin casually inquired.
“Strong? He’s not just strong; let me enlighten you! He is recognized as a martial arts prodigy! A few years ago, he joined Celestial Alliance and became a senior disciple of the Enforcement Hall.
“His cultivation is earth-shattering! Dealing with small fry like you is just child’s play!” Dexter sneered.
“Alright, enough chitchat. Let’s get in the car. The sooner we’re done, the sooner we can finish and go home. I have a lot of things to do,” Dustin said, uninterested in prolonging the conversation.
Dustin’s calm demeanor left Dexter flabbergasted. This bastard wasn’t afraid of death?
“What are you waiting for? Get in the car!” Dustin urged.
“Hmph! Don’t regret it!” Dexter gritted his teeth. He hopped into the car, and with a step on the gas pedal, they sped away.
###Chapter 1443 by Marina Vittori
An hour later, Dexter slowed down the Land Rover and parked in front of a huge martial arts dojo.
The dojo was almost like a school, with various facilities and activities. A stone plaque at the entrance bore the words ” Celestial Dojo”.
The Celestial Dojo belonged to the Celestial Alliance. There were three major factions that reigned the martial world: the Celestial Alliance, the Mystic Arts Order, and the Sword Union.
The Celestial Alliance boasted an impressive army of disciples, with a whopping hundred thousand members, most of whom were elites. Among these three factions, the Celestial Alliance stood out for its numbers and tremendous influence.
Conversely, the Mystic Arts Order was known for its mysterious and deadly techniques. They were a nightmare to those in the martial world. As for the Sword Union, they were famous for one thing-pure strength!
The Sword Union’s disciples might be few in number, but they’re unbelievably powerful. Their disciples were like supernatural prodigies!
They kept a low profile, but every time they stepped into the spotlight, it was like setting off a massive explosion.
Forty years ago, the martial world witnessed a colossal event that rocked the world. A high-ranking member of the Celestial Alliance crossed the line and picked a fight with one of the Sword Union’s disciples.
The Sword Union disciple, armed with a single blade, the Sword Union disciple stormed into the Celestial Alliance’s headquarters alone. He took on over a hundred of the Celestial Alliance’s best fighters in an incredible showdown.
In the end, the Sword Union disciple met his end. But the Celestial Alliance suffered enormous losses, with a hundred of their top warriors either dead or seriously injured.
After that, nobody dared to mess with the Sword Union disciples. The Celestial Alliance, which was once considered the strongest, endured a humiliating defeat and a lasting stain on their history.
“Is this the place for our showdown?” Dustin stepped out of the car and looked closely at Celestial Dojo. He had a decent knowledge of the Celestial Alliance.
Even though the Celestial Alliance was part of the martial world, it had ties to the government. After all, in order to establish and prosper in Oakvale, there had to be approval from someone at Aylka. No ruler would tolerate uncontrollable chaos so close to home.
Dexter didn’t hesitate to taunt Dustin. ” Feeling nervous now? If you’re scared, you can just surrender and beg the Fallon family for mercy. Maybe you’ll be spared.”
Dustin replied with a wry grin, ” Scared? I’m more concerned about the Fallon family disciples preserving their dignity once we finish.”
Dexter rolled his eyes, replying, “You and your retorts.”
“Let’s see how brave you really are,” Dexter sneered. “Follow me inside.”
Dustin entered the martial arts academy with his hands in his pockets, casually striding in.
Dante sat at ease inside the guild’s lounge, leisurely sipping his tea. Various men and women were standing beside him, a mix of Fallon family members and a group of elites from the Celestial Dojo.
As the two stepped into the dojo, they were met with unwelcoming gazes from the crowd.
“I didn’t expect you to show up here and face the music. I’ve got to give it to you. You’ve got some guts,” Dante remarked with a sly smile.
Over the past few days, he had already sent people to dig into Dustin’s background. Dustin came from the Southern province, not West Lucozia. Though he had some influence, it was nothing in the eyes of the Fallon family.
So, there was no need to hold back in this battle.
“Sir Dante, whether it’s a win or a loss, it’s too early for you to celebrate,” Dustin responded calmly.
###Chapter 1444 by Marina Vittori
“What an ignorant young man.” Dante shook his head.
“You should remember we’re not in Southern province but in Oakvale. It’s a place teeming with brilliant and gifted individuals. Your meager skills won’t cause a ripple here.”
“Sir Dante, if you’re itching for a fight, let’s not waste more time. I have a lot on my schedule,” Dustin yawned as he spoke, looking sleepy. He had been busy with a multitude of tasks lately.
He had been occupied with the reconstruction of Harmony Healers, staff training for Dew Balm production, and keeping his eyes peeled for information on the Emerald Corolla and Iceheart Lotus.
His relentless back-and-forth travels had nearly exhausted him. If it weren’t because the Fallons could be useful to him, he wouldn’t have been bothered with them.
“You insolent brat!” Dustin’s nonchalant behavior angered the Fallons. They’ve seen plenty of audacious individuals, but nothing like Dustin’s type, who didn’t take them seriously at all. He was asking for death!
“Rhys! Don’t be too arrogant. Once Declan gets here, you’ll be crying on the floor!” Dexter said darkly.
“What? He’s not here yet?” Dustin frowned slightly. “Why did you even call for me? Talk over tea? Do you know time is money? I’m a busy man!”
The crowd erupted in a frenzy with his words.
“Goddamn it! This brat is too much! He doesn’t respect us at all!”
“He’s too much! He’s absolutely crazy!”
“Fuck! If it weren’t because I hurt my leg yesterday, I would have killed him already!”
The Fallon disciples were angry and indignant, and even Dante frowned. Was this young man intentionally provoking them, or was he really that arrogant?
“Uncle Dante, I can’t stand by and listen to his nonsense! I’m going to rip him apart!” Right then, a burly man suddenly stood up.
He looked like he was made of pure muscle and had a scary-looking face. He was much bigger than Dexter and seemed no different than a mountain. This man was Samson Fallon.
Though he was not directly related to the Fallons, he was chosen as a core disciple and received special training due to his outstanding martial talent.
“Fatty, are you sure? What if you lose and embarrass the Fallons?” Dustin suddenly blurted out.
“Uncle Dante, this guy keeps insulting us! How could we show our faces if we let him go?” Samson was furious.
“Alright! You can take the lead and knock out all his teeth first!” Dante couldn’t take it any longer, either.
“No problem!” Samson grinned widely. He slammed the table so hard that it broke into pieces before taking big strides toward Dustin. His expression was menacing like he wanted to devour Dustin.
“Uncle Dante, Dustin is pretty skilled. Is Samson confident of taking him on?” Dexter asked.
“Don’t worry. Even though Samson isn’t as skilled as Declan, he is still the strongest among all of you. He’s also extremely gifted, so taking Dustin down shouldn’t be a problem,” Dante said confidently.
“That’s right! Samson’s skills are unparalleled. Ordinary divine-level martial artists are no match for him. That bastard is in for a thrashing!”
“I heard Samson can rip a bull with his bare hands. I’m itching to see this kid torn to shreds!”
The Fallons were excited and filled with anticipation. Samson was gifted and highly skilled. He easily ranked among the top three Fallon disciples. Taking on a scrawny guy like Dustin would be a piece of cake.
“Look! Samson is making a move!”
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, Samson charged forward like a tank as he roared. His arms reassembled giant iron hammers as they swung, aiming at Dustin’s head. If he landed this solid blow, even elephants would drop dead!
Just when everyone believed Dustin was doomed, a thud was heard. Samson, who had charged forward, was sent flying several meters away as if struck by a train. He crashed heavily into the wall, and blood gushed from his mouth and nose.
He fainted on the spot.
For a moment, there was only silence.
###Chapter 1445 by Marina Vittori
Samson had lost badly. His huge frame created a dent in the wall, and his upper body was stuck inside, rendering him utterly immobile. From a distance, he resembled a piece of artwork hanging on the wall.
“What?” The crowd was dumbfounded by the scene they had just witnessed. Their eyes widened in disbelief.
When Samson had charged forward, they thought the results were clear. But they didn’t expect Samson to be sent flying in such a fashion. They couldn’t wrap their head around the unexpected turn of events.
“What just happened? Samson … lost?”
“How is that even possible? With Samson’s strength, he couldn’t have lost to that kid!”
“It must have been an accident!”
After a momentary silence, the crowd erupted into a heated discussion. Nobody had anticipated the outcome before them.
Samson was gifted and highly skilled and was known for his nearly impenetrable defense. The fact that an elite fighter of his caliber couldn’t withstand a single strike from Dustin was simply unbelievable.
Dante’s cup slipped from his grasp and crashed to the ground, shattering it into pieces. The smile on his face froze, and he seemed unsettled by the outcome. This was the last thing he had expected. A single blow from Dustin had defeated a top-three-ranked disciple of the Fallons.
Dante questioned whether Samson had underestimated his opponent or if the gap in their abilities was truly that vast.
“God damn it! I knew he wouldn’t be easy to deal with!” Dexter gulped; his fear from their previous encounter still lingered.
They had both suffered the same fate at Dustin’s hands, but Samson’s injuries were more severe. It was obvious that previously, Dustin had held back on him. What a terrifying fellow!
“He’s big but pretty useless. I’d call him a walking target.” Dustin retracted his fist, maintaining a composed demeanor. It was as if he had pulled off something normal.
“Brat! What tricks did you pull?” Dante rose from his seat, his gaze sharp. Samson’s nearly impenetrable defense made it impossible for someone of the same age to injure him with a single punch. Dustin must have resorted to some sort of underhanded method!
“Sir Dante, the Fallons are not sore losers, are they?” Dustin remarked calmly.
“If you had won purely based on your skills, we’ll naturally acknowledge it. But your performance was clearly abnormal,” Dante retorted coldly.
“If you doubt my abilities, you can send a few more people. Or better yet, why don’t you all come at me together?” Dustin shrugged.
“How dare you!”
“Outrageous!”
The Fallons were enraged and indignant upon hearing him. They clenched their fists, itching to take Dustin down. This young man was blatantly insulting them!
“Brat! You’re playing with fire!” Dante’s expression darkened, and his gaze turned hostile.
The Fallons, as one of the ancient houses, had never been insulted before. If he didn’t make an example out of this insolent brat today, others would do the same in the future.
“Sir Dante, the sooner we finish this, the better. I’m really short on time,” Dustin said seriously.
“Since you insist on playing with fire, I’ll grant your wish!” Dante sneered and then pointed to several skilled fighters in the crowd.
He commanded, “All of you, get him! Let him experience the might of the Fallon family!”
“Yes, sir!”
The chosen individuals immediately stepped forward and advanced toward Dustin.
###Chapter 1446 by Marina Vittori
They weren’t confident about taking Dustin in a one-on-one battle. However, they were certain they could defeat him if they were to join forces.
“Hold it!” Right then, a group of people entered the dojo. Leading the group was a tall, white- haired elderly man. He was dressed in a suit and carried himself with an air of authority that had developed through the years.
There was a beautiful woman by his side. She possessed delicate facial features and an attractive figure. She carried herself elegantly like a queen.
The woman was none other than Natasha, who had arrived just in time.
“The audacity! Who are you people? How dare you intrude into Celestial Dojo?” one of the Fallons shouted angrily.
“Silence!” Dante paled as he delivered a harsh slap to the Fallon who had spoken out.
He then hurried up to the elderly man and bowed respectfully. “Greetings, Duke of Lachshire.”
“What? The Duke of Lachshire?”
The atmosphere shifted as realization dawned upon the crowd. The previously arrogant members of the Fallon family now appeared submissive as they lowered their heads in respect.
As the current Duke of the country, Simon’s status was exceptionally high, and held enormous power. He was far superior to many. Even Sir Fallon Senior had to show respect when meeting him.
“No need for such formalities. We’re not in Aylka,” Simon replied impassively.
“My Lord, may I be so bold as to inquire why you are here?” Dante asked nervously. Simon Ballard was known for keeping a low profile and seldom made public appearances. Naturally, his sudden appearance made others curious.
“Nothing much. I’m just here as an onlooker to the duel. Carry on, there’s no need to be bothered by me,” Simon stated emotionlessly.
“You’re here as an onlooker?” Dante’s expression stiffened, and he grew anxious.
Simon was a busy man. It was unusual for him to take time out to watch a duel. Moreover, why would he even be interested in a duel between young men?
Realization dawned on him when his gaze shifted to Natasha standing nearby. He almost forgot that Dustin was Natasha’s boy toy.
Simon couldn’t have personally come to back Dustin up, could he? It was ridiculous if he were here just to mediate a situation involving a mere boy toy.
“Sir Dante, I believed this was a pre- arranged duel. It seems inappropriate for your family to intimidate the opponent with numbers, don’t you think?” Natasha asked impassively.
“Well…” Dante appeared embarrassed.
“Ms. Harmon, this was just a misunderstanding. We were just joking around with Dustin!”
“That’s right, we were just joking.” The Fallons nodded in unison. Who would dare make a scene in the presence of the Duke of Lachshire?
“Hmph! That better be the case.” Natasha gave him a sidelong glance before walking up to Dustin.
“Dear, why didn’t you tell me you were coming here? What if something happened to you?”
“I forgot. It was a sudden decision,” Dustin explained, feeling slightly guilty.
“Besides, the Fallons can’t harm me.”
“That might be true, but it’s still risky that you came alone.” Natasha was upset.
“I promise not to do it again,” Dustin assured seriously.
“That’s more like it.” Natasha beamed.
She pulled Dustin by the arm and brought him to meet her grandfather.” Come, let me introduce you. This is my grandfather, a high-ranking official in Oakale.”
“Greetings, My Lord. My name is Dustin Rhys,” Dustin greeted Simon respectfully.
“Dustin Rhys?”
Simon observed him intently before asking, “You seem familiar. Have we met before?”
###Chapter 1447 by Marina Vittori
Dustin felt pressured by Simon’s scrutinizing gaze. However, he had already anticipated a situation like this and showed no outward signs of discomfort.
“My Lord, I’ve long heard of your name, but we’ve never met. Perhaps you find me familiar because I possess a rather unremarkable appearance,” Dustin explained humbly.
Over the past decade, his height, appearance, and temperament significantly changed. Even his closest friends from the past wouldn’t recognize him at first glance.
“Is that so?” Simon looked him up and down again.
He then replied impassively, “Perhaps that is true.”
“Grandfather, Dustin is an exceptional man. He excels in both the literary and martial arts and has outstanding medical expertise. He has also helped me out many times in the past.
“It would be difficult to find a young talent as outstanding as he is in all of Oakvale,” Natasha introduced Dustin proudly. She was always eager to highlight the merits of her man.
“Haha. Don’t you think you’re exaggerating a little too much, sweetheart?” Simon shook his head with a smile.
“Oakvale is full of talents. While this young man is capable, he still has a long way to go to match the top-tier geniuses.”
“Grandfather, I know you might be skeptical now, but you’ll understand soon,” Natasha said with a mysterious smile.
She didn’t elaborate because she believed some things had to be seen to be believed. She was confident that Dustin would pleasantly surprise her grandfather one day.
“Alright, let’s take our seats,” Simon suggested. They sat down gracefully while his guards positioned themselves on either side, remaining vigilant for potential disturbances.
“Sir Dante, you can begin now,” Natasha said with a faint smile, looking expectant.
“Begin?” The corner of Dante’s eyes twitched. How were they supposed to begin? Samson had been defeated, and no one else was skilled enough for a one-on- one duel with Dustin. Unless Declan made it in time, they would suffer a great loss today!
“What’s wrong, Sir Dante? Didn’t the Fallons arrange this duel? Why the hesitation? You wouldn’t want my grandfather to arrive excitedly and leave in disappointment, would you?” Natasha teased.
“Well…” .” Dante’s expression froze, and beads of sweat formed on his forehead.
They never expected a minor duel to catch the interest of someone as influential as Simon. The current situation had slipped beyond his control. With no room for retreat, he had no choice but to continue.
“Who’s willing to duel with Dustin?” Dante turned to the disciples of the Fallon family.
The disciples exchanged uneasy glances, looking hesitant. Who else would be a match for Dustin if even Samson was defeated? They would just be humiliating themselves if they went up now.
“What? Are the Fallon men all cowards? “Dante frowned slightly.
Losing was one thing, but fearing the duel was another. The Fallons hated defeat but hated cowardice more.
“Dexter! You go!” Dante pointed to Dexter, who was behind him. He didn’t want the situation to drag out. He intended to find a scapegoat to deal with the situation.
“What?” Dexter was left dumbfounded, his eyes wide with apprehension.
Dustin had just given him a good beating a few days ago, and now he had to face him again? How was that fair? “Don’t just stand there! Go, quickly!”
###Chapter 1448 by Marina Vittori
Dante glared at Dexter as he said, ” Today is a golden opportunity for you to redeem yourself.
“If you manage to defeat Dustin and overcome your inner demons, your martial arts cultivation will reach new heights!”
Dexter flinched. He wanted to retort but was too cowardly to do so. He could only beg, “Uncle Dante, I haven’t healed from my previous injuries. Why don’t you get someone else to go?”
“What do you mean someone else? You just suffered minor injuries. Go up now lest you embarrass us!” Dante rebuked.
“A-Alright…” Dexter looked miserable as he entered the battle ring. Why did he end up being implicated in this situation? His sole intention had been to just watch Dustin make a fool of himself.
“Dexter, are you sure you want to fight me?” Dustin smiled slyly.
“Dustin Rhys! The men of the Fallon family never back down from a duel. Even though I’m heavily injured, I’m not afraid of you! Give me the best you’ve got!” Dexter maintained a brave facade.
However, he was crying inside, “Buddy, go easy on me! We have nothing against each other. There’s no need for us to fight to the death. A couple of showy moves would suffice. I’ll treat you to a meal next time!”
“Wow! What a man!” Dustin gave him a thumbs-up.
“I underestimated you before, but you’ve got some guts. Impressive!”
“Hmph! Of course!” Dexter raised his head arrogantly, feeling smug.
“Men like you are rare! To show my respect, I’ll give it my all from here on out. Let’s embrace whatever fate awaits us!”
“What?” Dexter’s legs went weak, and he almost collapsed to the ground.
“Buddy, did you have to take me seriously? I was just joking!” Dexter thought to himself. Even Samson, who had a nearly impenetrable defense, was defeated by a single punch. He would undoubtedly suffer a worse fate than Samson did.
“Dexter, are you ready? I’m coming at you!” Dustin slowly raised his fists.
“Wait!” Dexter’s expression changed rapidly. He quickly stammered, “I-I suddenly have a t-terrible stomachache and need to use the restroom urgently! W- We’ll duel after I’ve finished my business!”
Without waiting for a response, he dashed off to the toilet. Dustin smirked, choosing not to expose bic obvious excuse.
“Hmph! What a pathetic excuse!” Dante scowled, visibly irritated.
The other Fallon disciples looked embarrassed by Dexter’s excuse but wisely decided to remain silent. They knew that Dexter was intentionally trying to buy time.
After witnessing Samson’s misfortune, they were not eager to enter the battle ring just to be beaten up. The best-case scenario would end with them having a few broken bones, while the worst case could be death.
Their only hope was for Declan to arrive soon. Otherwise, Dexter would never be able to escape his fate.
“Sir Dante, why is your nephew not out yet? Did he faint inside?” After a long wait, Natasha finally spoke.
“You, go and get Dexter over here!” Dante frowned, pointing to a disciple.
“Yes, sir.” The disciple ran for the toilet immediately.
It wasn’t long before he returned in panic, exclaiming, “Uncle Dante! I’ve got bad news. Dexter has disappeared!”
“Disappeared?” Dante was taken aback, struggling to understand what was happening.
“What do you mean?”
“I tried looking for him in the toilet, but he was nowhere to be found. I suspect… he might have run away!” the disciple replied.
“What? He ran away!” Dante stood blankly on the spot. He had thought Dexter was merely stalling for time. He didn’t expect he would make a run for it.
This was truly a disgrace!
###Chapter 1449 by Marina Vittori
Dante gritted his teeth and clenched his fists, anger written all over his face. How could a disciple of the prestigious Fallon family flee from a fight? This was a disgrace!
Most importantly, he fled in the presence of the Duke of Lachshire. If news spread out, it would tarnish the reputation of the Fallons, one of the ancient houses.
“Sir Dante, your nephew is quite smart! He knows when to give in,” Natasha teased. Dante’s eye twitched, and his expression turned sour. This was truly humiliating!
“Go and bring Dexter back here! He will suffer under the house law!” Dante shouted at the other Fallon disciples.
“Yes, sir!” They didn’t dare to hesitate and immediately scattered, searching for Dexter everywhere. They knew that Dexter had landed himself in big trouble this time. He would probably face severe consequences if not death.
“I’ve always heard that the men of the Fallon family were brave and fearless. But what I’ve seen today has disappointed me,” Simon remarked casually. He had traveled quite a distance for this event but didn’t even get to witness a fight. It was such a waste of time.
“I apologize that you had to witness that, My Lord. We are to blame for not being strict with our teachings and raising such a coward.” Dante smiled apologetically.
“Forget it, I’ve lost interest anyway.”
Simon dusted his clothes off and stood up slowly from his seat. “Sweetheart, it seems like there’s nothing else to see here today. Let’s head back.”
“I guess that’s the case.” Natasha nodded in agreement.
“My Lord, leaving so soon? Aren’t you in too much of a rush?” Suddenly, a group of people walked in through the door.
The person leading the group was a tall, middle-aged man with a slender build and fair complexion. He seemed to carry himself elegantly and was followed by two men and a woman.
One of the men was unmistakably Dexter, who had just escaped moments ago.
“Griffin?” Dante’s complexion improved when he saw the refined man. He hurried up to him and asked, ” Griffin, what brings you here?”
“The Duke of Lachshire has come for a visit. It’s only proper that I personally come to welcome him,” Griffin Fallon, Dante’s eldest brother, replied with a smile.
He then turned to Simon and greeted respectfully, “Greetings, My Lord.”
“There’s no need for such formality, Sir Fallon.” Simon nodded in response. Griffin was a first-ranking official. His current position might be slightly lower than Simon’s, but his younger age made him stand out. The royal family also favored him.
He could potentially surpass Simon’s career in the future.
“It’s rare to see you interested in a duel among the youth, My Lord. No matter what, I must ensure you will enjoy it.”
As Griffin spoke, he glanced back at the meek Dexter. “Dexter, as a member of the Fallon family, you can suffer heavy injuries, but you must never lose your integrity.
“Go up there and have a match with that young man. Regardless of the outcome, you must uphold the honor of the Fallons. Do you understand?”
“I understand…” Dexter was aggrieved.
He was currently shaking like a leaf. He had thought he managed to escape a dire situation, but to his surprise, Griffin had caught him right as he escaped the toilet.
Dexter was even more fearful because Griffin didn’t get angry at him. Griffin always maintained a calm and composed demeanor, never showing anger, regardless of the situation.
However, the entire Fallon family, Dante included, deeply respected Griffin. Nobody knew why exactly, but they were fearful of him.
No one in the family dared stand against Griffin’s orders. They would obey even if they were instructed to sacrifice their own lives.
“Dustin! Let’s do this! Show me how capable you are!” Dexter stepped forward, looking determined and ready to face the worst consequence.
“Have you forgotten that you’ve already lost once? Do you want to lose a second time?” Dustin asked calmly.
“Cut the crap! Today, only one of us can walk away from here! Take this!”
Dexter roared as he charged forward. Since he knew that escaping was futile, he decided to give it all he had.
“Fiery Storm technique!” As he got closer to Dustin, Dexter unleashed his ultimate skill without a second thought.
###Chapter 1450 by Marina Vittori
Dexter’s fists rained down relentlessly, and a series of punches descended upon Dustin. The force behind each punch was strong, resonating loudly.
“I didn’t expect Dexter to have improved again. His Fiery Storm technique is now comparable to Samson’s.”
“The Fiery Storm technique is the Fallon family’s signature move and is known for its destructive power. If Dexter manages to seize the right moment, there is a chance that he could defeat Dustin.”
The crowd was astonished and expectant as they witnessed those swift and relentless punches. Perhaps Dexter could pull off a miracle.
A suddenly thunderous crash shattered the crowds’ hopes. Before Dexter’s fists could land on Dustin, he was sent flying by Dustin’s palm strike. He struck him so effortlessly that it looked like he had swatted a fly.
With a loud thud, Dexter collided with a wall after flying more than ten meters. He lost consciousness almost immediately.
The Fallon disciples sighed deeply. Even though they had expected the outcome, watching Dexter’s swift defeat was still hard to accept. After all, he was an elite Fallon disciple. It was quite embarrassing to be defeated so badly.
“What?” Griffin frowned slightly but quickly regained his composure. He had never witnessed Dustin’s abilities before and assumed Dexter could hold his own against Dustin. He didn’t expect Dexter to be defeated with just a single move.
When did the Fallon disciples turn this weak?
“What useless trash! He couldn’t even withstand a single move. This is such a disgrace to our family!” At that moment, a young woman behind Griffin spoke up.
She was dressed stylishly and was beautiful but carried an air of arrogance. This was Griffin’s daughter, Daphne Fallon.
“Is it possible that … my husband is just too strong?” Natasha smiled faintly.
“Hmph! How can you be proud of defeating trash? The real elites of our family haven’t even made an appearance yet!” Daphne scoffed.
“Is that so? Why don’t you prove to us by bringing out your elite fighters?” Natasha challenged.
“Declan, it’s your turn now. You must bring glory to our family!” Daphne suddenly shifted her gaze to the young man standing beside her.
The young man stood with his hands behind his back. He had a calm expression and appeared indifferent, closely resembling Griffin. This man was none other than the Fallon family’s most talented genius, Declan Fallon.
“Declan, go and have a little fun with the young man. Remember, don’t go too hard on him,” Griffin instructed calmly.
“Alright,” Declan responded. He then went up leisurely, his hands still behind his back.
“This is great! Declan has finally stepped in. This guy is done for!”
“Declan is our family’s top talent and much stronger than Samson. He should have no problem dealing with Dustin!”
“Good luck, Declan! Teach this guy a lesson and show him the might of the ancient houses!”
Declan’s appearance gave hope to the Fallon disciples. As a core figure groomed by the Fallons, Declan alone had been the primary recipient of their resources.
His strength was far superior to his peers within the Fallons, making him an exceptional talent!
Finding a young talent who was comparable to Declan in the whole of Oakvale was like finding a needle in a haystack. In their eyes, as long as Declan took the duel seriously, he would effortlessly defeat Dustin.
“I’m Declan Fallon.”
Declan extended his hand and addressed Dustin indifferently. “To make it fair, I’ll let you attack me first with three moves. Please, go ahead.”
###Chapter 1451 by Marina Vittori
Declan had a nonchalant tone, exhibiting no signs of emotion. He even casually tucked one hand in his pocket, his body language showing that he barely considered Dustin a challenge.
After all, there were very few who could compel him to exert his full strength. The nobody before him clearly didn’t belong to that category.
“Three moves? Are you sure about that? “Dustin raised an eyebrow, wearing a faint, ambiguous smile.
These geniuses in Oakvale were shamelessly bragging when they couldn’t even estimate their opponent’s strength. Dustin wondered if they were really confident or just foolish.
“What? Three moves aren’t enough for you?”
Declan continued calmly, “Alright, I’ll give you ten moves then. If you can even touch a single strand of my hair within ten moves, it would be considered your victory.”
His remark drew laughter from the Fallon disciples.
“Hahaha! Declan is so ruthless!”
“He’s not just underestimating his opponent by giving ten moves as a head start. He’s showing pure contempt!”
“He truly lives up to his reputation. He has such strength and confidence that he can easily win even with giving Dustin a ten-move head start!”
The crowd snickered as they exchanged remarks among themselves. Even if Dustin was strong, how could he face their top talent?
“Hey! Aren’t you too cowardly? You refuse to duel even when given ten moves as a head start?” Daphne snickered.
“Dustin may be skilled, but he still falls short compared to true prodigies,” Dante said with a smile. This was their chance to redeem themselves from the previous humiliation.
“Declan, right? It’s good to have confidence, but sadly, you’ve chosen the wrong opponent,” Dustin said with a faint smile.
“Since you’re so fond of giving away free moves, I won’t hold back. I hope you won’t let me down.”
Dustin jumped lightly and gracefully ascended into the air. Then, he thrusted a palm strike across the air toward Declan.
“Too weak.” Declan shook his head. He stood motionless on the ground, not attempting even to dodge.
Just as Dustin’s palm strike was about to reach him, he calmly harnessed his energy into a protective energy sphere. The semi-transparent shield rippled as he breathed, resembling gentle water ripples.
When Dustin’s palm came into contact with Declan’s protective sphere, a resounding explosion rang out, and the rippling shield exploded instantly. It shattered as if a bullet had shot through glass.
“What?” Declan was dumbfounded. Before he could fully react, his instincts prompted him to defend himself by evading the attack. The force of the wind from Dustin’s palm narrowly grazed Declan’s chest and hit the floor.
Boom! Another deafening explosion reverberated. The sturdy floor was left with a deep palm-shaped indentation, sending debris flying in all directions. There were cracks sprouting from the palm- shaped indentation.
An unmistakable dent, about a three- meter radius, had been etched into the floor.
“What the fuck!”
The crowd was taken aback by the sight. No one expected Dustin’s seemingly light palm strike to carry such immense force.
It shattered Declan’s protective sphere and left a gaping crater in the ground. If that strike had hit someone, the consequences would have been unimaginable!
“What?” Declan quickly distanced himself. The previously calm expression on his face was instantly replaced by astonishment.
Even though he had only used half of his strength to create the protective sphere, it was supposed to be impenetrable by ordinary people.
However, Dustin could shatter it effortlessly, which was beyond his expectations.
###Chapter 1452 by Marina Vittori
This was enough to prove that Dustin’s skills were not far behind his own.
“What’s the matter? I thought you were going to allow me ten moves? Why did you dodge?” Dustin retracted his palm, a faint smile playing on his lips.
“He did say that, but that didn’t mean he was going to stand there and get hit! Daphne retorted indignantly.
“Dustin, I must admit, you’re stronger than I expected.”
Declan said seriously, “Honestly, I wasn’t taking you seriously since I didn’t think you were qualified to be my opponent. However, that strike you delivered just changed my perspective.”
“So?” Dustin smiled.
“So, from now on, I’m going to take this seriously,” Declan responded as he slowly took off his coat. His once indifferent gaze grew sharp.
“Take it seriously? Will that even make a difference?” Dustin was doubtful.
However, Declan ignored him and stated, “It’s been a long time since I’ve taken a duel seriously, and you’re one of them. Consider yourself honored to be defeated by me!”
With that, Declan took a sudden step forward.
Boom!
An overwhelming force surged from his body like a tidal wave. Fierce winds whipped around in an instant, and a bone-chilling coldness swept through the area.
Meanwhile, the crowd felt a heavy pressure on their shoulders. It was as if a massive boulder was bearing down on them, making it hard for them to breathe.
Declan’s hair stood on end, and his clothes rustled with the wind. He appeared like a deity descending from the heavens, exuding an imposing presence that made him seem invincible.
“What an immense presence! Did Declan make another breakthrough?”
“Damn! I can barely catch my breath!”
“He was already a fully developed divine-level martial artist a year ago. If he made another breakthrough, doesn’t that mean he’s a semi- grandmaster now?”
“As expected of the top talent of the Fallon family. He’s truly incredible!”
The Fallon disciples were amazed as they took in Declan’s overwhelming presence. They knew he was strong but didn’t expect him to be that strong.
In just one year, he had once again achieved a breakthrough, moving up to the rank of a semi-grandmaster.
In Oakvale, and even across Dragonmarsh, individuals who could reach such mastery before 30 were considered prodigies.
“Griffin, has Declan made another breakthrough? When did this happen?” Dante was delightfully surprised, looking at Declan in fascination.
“It was just recently. Declan went into seclusion for a few days and achieved the breakthrough,” Griffin replied with a proud smile.
“That’s great! Congratulations on the breakthrough!” Dante couldn’t contain his excitement.
Although the Fallons had a substantial number of youngsters, they were still far behind the other three ancient houses, especially the Spanner family, when it came to exceptional talents.
The Spanner twins were unmatched. and renowned worldwide. That was how the Spanners managed to surge to the top of the four ancient houses in a few years, leaving the other three ancient houses trailing far behind.
The Fallons, known for their numerous fighters, had failed to nurture youngsters capable of matching the Spanner twins. This had left the entire family frustrated. But now that Declan was close to becoming a grandmaster, the situation would take a different turn.
With further cultivation, it would only be a matter of time before Declan breaks through to the grandmaster level. With practical military exposure, future seemed promising and could rival the Spanner twins. his
“A semi-grandmaster?” Dustin raised an eyebrow and smiled.
“You’re pretty talented indeed, but it’s still not enough.” Declan was considered gifted for his age group.
However, he still lagged behind true prodigies.
Scarlet had achieved the rank of a grandmaster at just 18. Adam was weaker, but he followed suit at the age of 20.
Declan was around 26 to 27, yet he was still a half step away from becoming a grandmaster. Comparatively, Declan’s achievements were not particularly remarkable.
As for Dustin, if his memory served him right, he had already reached the level of a grandmaster approximately ten years ago during the upheaval in Aylka.
That year, he was just 15 years old.
###Chapter 1453 by Marina Vittori
“Good luck, Declan! Teach that insolent brat a lesson!” Daphne cheered enthusiastically as she admired Declan’s imposing figure.
Growing up as a Fallon, she had always admired powerful individuals. That was why she had always been close to Declan since childhood.
In her eyes, only exceptional people like Declan deserved to stand on equal ground with her.
“Sweetheart, looks like your boyfriend here might be in danger.”
Simon remarked, his eyes narrowed on the scene, “Declan is the top talent of their family. With his improved skills and ascent to the level of a semi- grandmaster, few among his peers can truly rival him.”
“Grandfather, let’s not jump to conclusions. Nobody knows how it will end yet,” Natasha said with a smile. While Declan was undeniably strong, she believed that Dustin had the upper hand.
“Oh?” Simon raised an eyebrow, looking intrigued.
“Sweetheart, you seem quite confident in this young man.”
“Of course,” Natasha replied with pride.
“The man I’ve chosen is undoubtedly exceptional.”
As long as the Fallons engaged in a fair duel without resorting to any underhanded tactics, none of their members would stand a chance against Dustin.
“I’m quite intrigued now. If this man can truly defeat Declan, he is undoubtedly a promising talent.” Simon stroked his beard. young
“Let’s wait and see. I believe he will pleasantly surprise you.” Natasha smiled.
Meanwhile, in the center of the battle ring, Declan’s energy was charged to its maximum, and his body was in peak condition. His presence was almost similar to a grandmaster.
“Dustin, to show my respect for you, I will give it all I have. If you can withstand my attacks for three minutes, I’ll consider it your victory,” Declan declared confidently.
Ever since he became a semi- grandmaster, the world seemed different to him. Any martial artist below the level of a grandmaster was longer a threat to him.
“Three minutes is too long. If you can withstand three of my attacks, I’ll surrender immediately,” Dustin returned the sentiment.
“The audacity! I will make sure you regret this!” Declan was enraged at being underestimated.
Without another word, he shot himself forward and transformed into a ghostly shadow. He charged straight at Dustin.
“That’s so fast!”
The crowd exclaimed in shock. In just the blink of an eye, Declan had traversed a distance of over ten meters. Their eyes couldn’t even catch what had happened.
“Fiery Storm technique!”
As Declan approached Dustin, he used the Fallon family’s special technique without hesitation. With a forward thrust of his fists, a barrage of countless fist shadows swept out toward Dustin like a tidal wave.
They were dense and overwhelming, making it nearly impossible to defend against or evade.
The relentless barrage of fist shadows distorted the air around them. In the eyes of the crowd, it seemed like Dustin’s body was also distorting and would shatter in the next second.
“What an imposing and terrifying punch!”
“Even though it’s the same Fiery Storm technique, the power unleashed by Declan surpasses Dexter’s by tenfold!”
“No wonder he’s the number one talent of our family! No one would be able to defend against that punch of his!”
The Fallon disciples were deeply impressed by Declan’s incredible fist.
“Is this the power of a semi- grandmaster? It’s truly exceptional.”
With a thunderous roar, the crowd watched as Declan’s rain of fist shadows struck Dustin’s body with full force.
In an instant, the ground cracked, sending debris and dust into the air. A wave-like energy ripple emanated from the point of impact, spreading outwards in all directions.
It was followed by a powerful gust of wind, causing those nearby to stagger back. The crowd wasn’t even able to keep their eyes open.
###Chapter 1454 by Marina Vittori
The blow from the battle was too much for the crowd to withstand. It must be over, right? Who could withstand such a terrifying punch?
At the moment of the explosion, they saw it clearly. Declan’s punch had struck Dustin. Even a person made of iron would surely have been obliterated by a semi-grandmaster’s punch.
When the dust settled, all eyes were firmly fixed on the battlefield. However, the scene that greeted them left them dumbfounded.
In the center of the battle ring, Dustin was standing perfectly still. He hadn’t dodged nor defended against the attack, allowing Declan’s punch to strike his chest.
His feet seemed rooted in place, and he showed no sign of being pushed back. The only evidence of the impact was the hollow ground around him that was surrounded by cracks.
“H-How is that even possible?”
The crowd couldn’t hide their disbelief as they looked at unharmed Dustin. Declan had delivered a full-powered special technique, yet Dustin blocked it with his body?
What kind of monster was he?
“My goodness! Is this guy made of steel or something?” Daphne exclaimed, her eyes wide with disbelief.
Declan was a semi-grandmaster who could easily shatter stone and metal with just a single punch. However, that same powerful punch that landed on Dustin’s body left not a single scratch.
It was truly mind-blowing!
“Who exactly is this guy?” Dante was bewildered. He had assumed Declan would secure an easy win, but it didn’t seem to go as he expected.
“What?” Griffin frowned. Although he remained silent, he couldn’t hide the surprise in his eyes. Dustin’s defense was nothing short of incredible if he could withstand a punch from a semi-grandmaster.
“Interesting.” Simon stroked his beard, looking at Dustin with interest. Meanwhile, Declan was in a state of shock. His fist was still firmly pressed against Dustin’s chest. He never could have anticipated such an unexpected turn of events.
He had put everything into that punch, intending to win the match with it. However, he was shocked to realize that his powerful strike seemed to dissipate without a trace and did no harm upon contact with Dustin’s chest.
The only explanation for this situation was that Dustin’s strength greatly surpassed his own, possibly reaching the level of a grandmaster.
“Are you done? Now, it’s my turn,” Dustin said with a faint smile. He then landed a gentle palm strike on Declan’s chest.
The strike didn’t appear to carry any force. But upon coming into contact with Declan, he was sent flying like he had been hit by a speeding train. With a loud thud, he crashed onto the ground several meters away and lost consciousness.
The entire dojo fell silent, stunned at the scene they just witnessed. The previously confident Fallon disciples were dumbstruck, unable to believe it.
The top prodigy of the Fallons, who was also a semi-grandmaster, was defeated just like that. And all it took was just a single effortless palm strike from Dustin.
It was absolutely ridiculous!
###Chapter 1455 by Marina Vittori
The sight of the seriously injured and unconscious Declan left the crowd at a loss for words. The outcome before them was beyond their expectations.
Even though it was difficult to accept, they had to admit that Declan had indeed been defeated, much like Samson and Dexter before him.
As one of Oakvale’s ancient houses, a family renowned for its martial and military powers, not one family member among the younger generation could hold their own against Dustin. This was undeniably an embarrassment.
“The outcome has been decided. Do we still need to continue with this duel?” Dustin smiled faintly, turning his attention toward Griffin and Dante.
He had deliberately chosen to secure victory with a single move so he could save his energy and intimidate the Fallons.
“Who exactly are you? How were you able to defeat Declan?” Dante furrowed his brows, and his expression grim. The Fallons’ reputation had taken a serious blow after three consecutive defeats.
“Is it shocking that I defeated him? I believe many people in Oakvale are able to achieve a similar feat.”
“You-!” Dante was at a loss for words. Only gifted individuals could defeat Declan among his age group. How could a nobody like him win against the Fallon family’s highly-trained prodigy?
Suddenly, Griffin stood up and applauded. With a smile, he said, ” Spectacular, truly spectacular. Today has been an eye-opener for me!”
“Griffin?” Dante was stunned, turning back at Griffin in disbelief. The Fallons had just suffered a major embarrassment, yet he still managed to smile. Had he lost his mind?
“Dustin, I never expected a young man like you to be a grandmaster. Remarkable. The Fallons happily acknowledge our defeat,” Griffin said candidly.
“What? This kid is actually a grandmaster?”
Griffin’s statement shocked everyone. They exchanged bewildered looks, looking utterly astonished.
Dustin appeared to be in his early twenties, yet he had already reached the level of a grandmaster. The level of talent he possessed was simply terrifying!
“It’s no wonder… So that was why Declan lost. It turned out that this kid is a skilled grandmaster.” Dante remarked, understanding now.
What happened just now was so sudden that he didn’t even have time to react. It was clear that nobody else would be able to defeat a semi-grandmaster other than a true grandmaster.
“Sir Fallon, you’re too kind. I just got lucky,” Dustin replied modestly.
“Dustin, I really admire your skills and talent. I hope that you can join the Fallons as my son-in-law,” Griffin dropped a bombshell.
“What?” Dustin was taken aback. Recruiting him was one thing, but the idea of being his son-in-law was simply outrageous.
“Dad! What are you talking about?” Daphne blushed, feeling shy. She stole a quick glance at Dustin. Since his victory over Declan, she had a completely different perspective of him.
She had always admired strong individuals, and Dustin’s strength and talent had earned her admiration. Coupled with his handsome looks and demeanor, the thought of marrying a man like him seemed perfectly befitting her status.
“Dustin, the Fallons are one of the four ancient houses with a rich heritage and extensive influence in the area.
“As long as you become my son-in- law, I guarantee you’ll receive training and resources from the Fallons.
“I’ll even pave the way for you to rise to fame and stand at the peak of the world in a few years!” Griffin persuaded.
Although the Fallons had many youngsters, Declan was the only child they were truly proud of. However, compared to those top-tier geniuses, Declan fell significantly short and wasn’t worthy enough of carrying the Fallon family’s legacy.
###Chapter 1456 by Marina Vittori
If things continued like this, the Fallon family would undoubtedly face a decline, and their status as one of the ancient houses would lose its prestige.
That was why Griffin had been recruiting young, gifted talents in recent years. Sadly, none of them had met his expectations.
That was until he witnessed Dustin’s skills earlier. He immediately developed a keen interest in him and was willing to entice him with power, influence, and fame.
“Damn! This guy is incredibly lucky! He gained Sir Fallon’s attention. And he also has a beautiful woman by his side. It’s like a double stroke of luck!”
The crowd was both envious and jealous of Griffin’s offer to Dustin. Even though they were disciples of the Fallon family, they only had limited resources provided to them. Their success depended solely on their own efforts.
However, Dustin was different. Once he joined the Fallons, he would become the star they would prioritize for future development, putting him in a completely different league.
“How about it? Are you satisfied with my offer?” Griffin asked with a smile. The right choice was crystal clear to anyone with common sense.
“Thank you, Sir Fallon. However, I’m currently not interested in joining any affiliation.” Dustin shook his head as he declined.
“What?” Griffin raised an eyebrow, evidently surprised.
“Dustin, you’re essentially gaining powerful support by joining the Fallons. With our support, you can do anything you choose to do! Why wouldn’t you consider it?”
“Sir Fallon, that’s a little unfair.” Simon suddenly stood up.
He said seriously, “Dustin belongs to the Ballards. Why would he join the Fallons? Don’t you think it’s inappropriate for you to steal him right before me?”
“The Ballards?”
Griffin narrowed his eyes and remarked knowingly, “My Lord, from what I know, Dustin is an independent individual. He’s no member of the Ballards. I don’t believe this is considered stealing.”
This old fox clearly had his eyes on Dustin and planned to intervene.
“He isn’t now but will be in the future.”
Simon stated calmly, “This young man is romantically involved with my granddaughter. I’ve decided to let them get married soon. He’ll naturally become part of the family when that time comes.
“Sir Fallon, you’re not planning on breaking us up, are you?” Natasha walked up to Dustin and publicly linked her arm with his. She wouldn’t let outsiders sway her man.
“What we say doesn’t matter. It’s all up to Dustin to decide.”
Griffin spoke seriously, “Dustin, the Fallons have a strong military background and are better suited for you than the Ballards.
“By joining us, you’ll have the opportunity to achieve great success and be generously rewarded!”
“Young man, the Ballards don’t fall far behind either. We’ll be able to support you whether you decide to serve in court or on the battlefield.” Simon countered.
While the Ballards excelled in civil service, they lacked in martial prowess. Dustin would help compensate for this weakness of theirs.
“Dustin, as long as you join the Fallons, we’ll grant every condition you put forth!” Griffin declared sternly. He didn’t mind clashing with the Ballards if that meant attaining this genius.
“Young man, you’ll be engaged to Natasha by tomorrow if you join the Ballards!” Simon was equally determined.
“Dustin, a true man should prioritize his career over women! Women will only hold you back!”
“Hmph! You’re supposed to build a family first before making a career! Get your priorities straight!”
“Nonsense! Men should focus on achieving success and building a legacy. Women are secondary. With power and influence, you can find any woman you want!”
“Brutes will be brutes. All you are interested in is fighting and killing. You should understand that there are more important things in the world! Relationships are paramount in life!”
Their back-and-forth bickering soon turned into a heated argument. Both seemed frustrated and exasperated, leaving the crowd dumbfounded by their antics.
Both of them were highly influential. figures who commanded power and respect. Why were they fighting like they were children? Did they completely abandon their image?
###Chapter 1457 by Marina Vittori
“Gentlemen, please stop arguing for now and calm down!” Dustin quickly intervened when he sensed the situation getting out of control. Otherwise, if they continued bickering, they might start fighting physically.
“Dustin, it’s time to make a choice. Are you going with the Fallons or the Ballards?” Griffin asked.
“Young man, think about it carefully. Don’t make a decision you will regret.” Simon added, stroking his beard.
For a moment, all eyes were fixed on Dustin. It was a rare sight to witness two influential figures vying for an individual. While it was an immense honor, it also caused a tremendous dilemma.
The Fallons were a family with a strong military background. They were an ideal fit for Dustin, given his status as a grandmaster. In terms of his future, the Fallons were undoubtedly the better choice.
However, as one of the ancient houses, the Ballards were as strong as the Fallons. When combined with Natasha’s influence, their proposition became even more persuasive.
Most importantly, selecting one side would inevitably upset the other. Both opportunities carried their own risks.
“I genuinely appreciate both of your generous offers. But I reiterate my stance. I’m not interested in joining any affiliation, so I can only apologize, “Dustin declined once more.
“What?” The crowd exchanged glances, looking baffled. Dustin had been presented with the chance of a lifetime by both families!
However, he opted to decline them both. The crowd couldn’t help but think he was foolish.
“Dustin, this is a rare opportunity. Are you sure you are going to pass it up?” Griffin asked in shock.
“I’m sure.” Dustin nodded. “Young man, do you realize that many people try their hardest to join the ancient houses but are brushed aside?
“You have two promising paths in front of you right now. Are you not going to walk on either of them?” Simon was puzzled.
“I have my own path to follow,” Dustin replied.
“Impressive, you’ve got ambition.” Simon nodded as he smiled.
“Alright, I won’t force you if you’re not willing. If you get into trouble in the future, feel free to come to me.” Simon had looked down on Dustin initially, but his refusal had earned his respect.
Men should carve out their own paths. Relying on others could easily cloud someone’s ambitions and aspirations.
“Thank you, My Lord.” Dustin nodded to express his gratitude.
“Dustin, I respect your decision. Of course, you’re always welcome to visit me if you change your mind. My doors are always open.” Griffin smiled faintly.
“Thank you, Sir Fallon.” Dustin nodded again.
“My Lord, I have other matters to attend to. I’ll be taking my leave now.’ Griffin shook Simon’s hand before turning around to leave.
Although he didn’t succeed in recruiting Dustin, he took solace in the fact that Dustin didn’t join the Ballards either.
That meant that the Fallons still had a chance to win Dustin over. After all, building a friendly relationship with a talent like Dustin posed numerous advantages without drawbacks.
“Sweetheart, I won’t play the third wheel any longer, either. Enjoy your time with him.” Simon left after saying his goodbyes. With his granddaughter around, Dustin wouldn’t be going anywhere.
“Dear, let’s go and have something to eat.” Natasha smiled sweetly. With her arms still linked with Dustin, they walked out of Celestial Dojo.
Today’s duel had helped Dustin make a name for himself. He defeated many of the Fallon family’s top talents and won the approval of Natasha’s grandfather.
He truly managed to kill two birds with one stone!
###Chapter 1458 by Marina Vittori
Natasha believed it wouldn’t be long before Dustin truly made a name for himself. Over the next few days, Dustin was pretty busy. He had to search for the medical herbs to treat Cinna, rebuild Harmony Healers, and monitor the situation regarding Dew Balm.
He also had to take some time out of his schedule to take Natasha out for meals and go shopping with her.
In general, Dustin rarely had time for himself. What was worth celebrating was that the production for Dew Balm was right on track.
The Camrons had used their family influence to establish a pharmaceutical company dedicated to selling Dew Balm.
After a round of advertising and word of mouth, their product was already competing with the Swansons’ and Welchs’ Rejuvenaid.
Since it was more affordable and had superior efficacy, its reputation had gradually spread within the industry. They were only waiting for the official launch to happen.
Meanwhile, the Welch family was holding an emergency meeting due to the latest news. The meeting involved the Welch core family members and senior members of the Swansons.
“I just heard that the Camrons have developed a new type of Dew Balm, which works better than our Rejuvenaid. Is that true?” Alistair glanced at Ezra and his group grimly as he spoke.
“That is true.”
A high-ranking Welch family member stood up and replied, “I had someone investigate. The Camrons’ Dew Balm is quite remarkable.
“It’s building up an excellent reputation that surpasses even our Rejuvenaid. Even though they haven’t officially launched the product, it’s gaining considerable popularity.
“It’s posing as a significant threat against our product!” His statement threw the entire meeting room into chaos.
“How is this possible? The Camrons’ strength does not lie in medicine. How could they produce such a remarkable product?”
“Has our formula been leaked? Is there a mole among us?”
“Damn it! We invested heavily in the production and promotion of Rejuvenaid. We didn’t expect to run into issues this early. What do we do now?”
The people present were in a heated discussion. All of them had invested significant capital into Rejuvenaid, hoping to make a substantial profit.
Naturally, the current situation had left them feeling anxious. Who wouldn’t be when the Camrons’ Dew Balm was cheaper and more effective?
“Everyone, quiet down!” Alistair slammed the table, stunning everyone. The commotion in the meeting room died down instantly.
“Alistair, considering the Camrons’ capabilities, it’s impossible for them to develop Dew Balm within such a short time. I suspect Dustin is responsible for this,” Joanne suddenly spoke up.
“Dustin?” Alistair frowned slightly. He had expected this outcome.
“Dustin holds a grudge against us and seems intent on using the Camron family’s influence to retaliate. I must say, this move is quite cunning,” Joanne said coldly.
She hadn’t initially paid much attention to Dustin, leaving Eleanor and Ezra to deal with him.
Little did she expect Dustin to have set up a backup plan and keep the complete formula to himself, giving her the subpar version instead.
Once the authentic Dew Balm was released, their Rejuvenaid would have little value. The Welchs and the Swansons would suffer significant losses if they didn’t do something soon.
The fact that a nobody could create such a predicament for two prominent families was unexpected. It was a situation they had never encountered before.
###Chapter 1459 by Marina Vittori
“Hmph! Dustin got nerves of steel. He actually dared provoke us? He’s asking for death!” Alistair’s expression was grim, and a murderous glint flashed in his eyes.
These days, the Welchs had mobilized all their resources to turn Rejuvenaid into a hot-selling item. They flooded the market with advertisements, offers, and discounts. They had invested lots of money into it.
The original plan was to use this opportunity to build its reputation, make substantial profits, and expand their network. Little did they expect Dustin to spoil their plans from the very beginning. It was infuriating!
“Eleanor, didn’t I ask you to deal with Dustin as soon as possible? Why is he still alive?” Joanne suddenly turned to her daughter, her tone scolding.
“I-” Eleanor was at a loss for words. Faced with her mother’s sharp gaze, she shifted the responsibility onto Ezra instead.
“Actually, Ezra has been the one handling this matter.”
Ezra’s lips twitched, and he could only respond in resignation. He stood up and said, “Ms. Welch, I’ve hired an expert to deal with him. However, Dustin is cunning and has evaded us cleverly like a mouse in the shadows, never showing himself.
“There’s nothing I can do about it either.”
He had hired multiple people to track Dustin down. However, every time they got a lead, Dustin would disappear. This had prevented him from taking action.
“You can’t even handle a country bumpkin. What a disappointment,” Joanne said coldly. Ezra and Eleanor hung their heads low, not daring to argue.
“Joaquin, go and personally lead a team to investigate. Capture Dustin and bring him back here. And the formula, make sure to obtain it at all costs,” Joanne turned around and instructed their butler.
“Understood,” Joaquin responded and left immediately.
“Joanne, since the Camrons already have the formula, capturing Dustin alone will not solve the root of the problem,” Alistair cautioned.
The Camrons were a larger threat than Dustin was.
“Capturing Dustin is just the first step. Next, we’ll need to gather the strength of both families and focus on suppressing the Camrons. We will not allow them to put Dew Balm on sale!” Joanne said.
“If we do that, we’ll have to invest more money and resources.” Alistair was deep in thought.
“Spare no expense. If we want to dominate the market, we need to eliminate all obstacles!” Joanne declared icily.
“It’s just the Camrons. They’re nothing more than an ordinary family. With our families’ power, we can put them right out of business!”
“That’s right! Let’s blacklist the Camrons! Put them out of business!”
Everyone voiced their support. Since they had already started this project, there was no turning back. They had to take back control no matter what it took!
“Alright, it’s settled then.”
Alistair slammed the table and declared, “How dare the Camrons challenge us? They have overestimated themselves. This time, I’ll make sure they’ll suffer irrevocable losses!”
“That’s easy to say, but how should we proceed?” someone asked.
“The official launch event is tomorrow. I plan to send them a huge present that they’ll remember for the rest of their lives!” Joanne suddenly smiled.
Everyone couldn’t help but shudder at what they just saw. Those who knew Joanne well knew that she rarely smiled. The last time she did, she had killed someone.
The next morning, at the entrance of Camron group, Lana was busy with preparations. Today was the official launch of their new company and the best moment to launch Dew Balm.
In order to promote Dew Balm more effectively, she utilized all of the Camron family’s connections and sent out a number of invitations.
If all went well, Dew Balm would become a widely sought-after miracle healing medication!
###Chapter 1460 by Marina Vittori
“Hey, hang the banner a little higher. Put them where they’re most eye- catching!”
“And the red carpet on the ground, unroll it outside!”
“Are the performers here yet? Have them get ready quickly. We’re starting soon!”
Lana kept giving out orders from time to time. She was very detailed in her work, going through everything herself to ensure things were done right.
Nothing could go wrong today, so she needed to see to it that everything was on the right track.
“Lana!”
Just then, a Maybach pulled up by the curb. Then, Matteo, who was all suited up, came out with a smile.
“Dad! You’re here!” Lana stopped what she was doing and went up to him.
“So how is it? Are things going well?” Matteo looked around, pleased with what his daughter had achieved.
“Of course they are. What problems can there be with me personally handling everything?” Lana smiled confidently.
“Good.” Matteo nodded before he continued, “I’ve talked to a few of my friends, and they’re interested in the Dew Balm. They’ll be coming over to support you.”
“Awesome! Thank you, Dad!” Lana was elated. Her father’s friends were all influential figures, so it would be great for them to attend the launch.
“I’m putting all my bets on you. Whether or not the Camron family can do better depends on you now,” Matteo said.
The Camron family had put a lot of their resources into producing the Dew Balm. It had been quite an investment on their end.
“Don’t worry, Dad. Everything’s going to be just fine!” Lana had full confidence.
Had it just been the Camron family alone, she might have been less confident. But now that they had the Dawson family’s help, she had nothing to fear.
“Good.” Matteo nodded with a smile. Then, he looked around and asked curiously, “Hey, where’s your friend Dustin? Is he not showing up today when he’s the creator of Dew Balm?”
“Speak of the devil. There he is!” Lana looked over and gestured in his direction. Matteo followed her gaze and saw a handsome and casually dressed young man coming their way.
“You’ve come at just the right time, handsome. Here, allow me to introduce you to my father, your future father-in- law.” Lana winked flirtily.
The smile on Dustin’s face froze. He couldn’t even say what he intended to say. This woman really liked to shock people with her words.
“Hey, young lady, what nonsense are you saying? Can’t you see that you’ve scared him?”
Matteo shot Lana a stern glare before he extended his hand toward Dustin. He said with a smile, “Matteo Camron. You can call me Mr. Camron.”
“Hello, Mr. Camron,” Dustin greeted.
“I heard from Lana that you’re smart, trained in martial arts, and really good- looking. Now that I’ve seen you in person, you really are as she had described!” Matteo observed Dustin. carefully with a smile on his face.
The young man had the looks and a nice character. Besides, he was also very capable.
The only issue was that he didn’t have a strong background. But that wouldn’t be a problem if he were to marry into the Camron family.
“You flatter me, Mr. Camron.” Dustin smiled. He felt slightly uncomfortable under Matteo’s gaze. Why does something feel weird around here?
As the three conversed, several luxury cars pulled up by the roadside. The doors opened, and several poshly dressed people came out. They strode over to Dustin and Lana.
However, when Lana saw who they were, the smile on her face disappeared in a flash. Matteo frowned, too.
###Chapter 1461 by Marina Vittori
“Why are they here?” Lana exchanged a look with Matteo. Their expressions turned grave.
The people who had just gotten out of the cars were not guests who were here to congratulate them on the launch. Instead, they were people from the Welch and the Swanson families.
They clearly did not come bearing good intentions. However, Dustin did not seem to show much of a reaction. He seemed to have expected this.
With how the Welch and the Swanson families were, they would not have allowed the Camron family to benefit from what they believed was theirs. They would surely send people over to mess up the launch.
“It’s been a long time, Mr. Camron. How are you?” Alistair approached with a group of his men following behind him. There was an insincere smile on his face.
“Welcome, Mr. Welch.” Matteo, too, had an insincere smile on his face.
“I heard that the Camron family has recently developed a miraculous remedial medicine and will officially launch today. Is that true?” Alistair asked with a smile.
“The young people are just trying their hand at it. It’s nothing worth mentioning.” Matteo waved his hand dismissively.
“You’re being too modest, Mr. Camron. Your medicine has a good reputation in the pharmaceutical field. In fact, it even trumps that of our Rejuvenaid!
“Now that you’re releasing it, I’m afraid you’ll be leaving us with no business now!” Alistair said meaningfully.
“You must be joking, Mr. Welch. We’re just playing around with our small business. How can it ever be a competition for the large-scale business you’re dealing with?” Matteo answered with a fake smile.
“Well, if there’s no competition, then you might as well join us. We can bring in the money together. What do you say?” Alistair’s eyes narrowed.
“Well…” Matteo looked hesitant. The old fox actually had his eyes on the fruits of their labor from the research they’ve done! How greedy!
“Mr. Welch, we, Camrons, are used to keeping to ourselves. We dislike joint ventures, so thank you for your kind gesture, but no thanks,” Lana politely declined.
“Lana, we are only inviting you to join us because we see potential in you. should know what’s good for you,” Eleanor quipped coldly.
“That’s right. Smart people should know how to adapt to circumstances.
“As long as you give us the formula of Dew Balm, we can be good partners. But if you do not, we will only be competitors from now on,” Ezra said.
Alistair watched quietly with a smile on his face. If the Camrons accepted their proposal while they were being civil, he didn’t mind sharing part of their profit. But if they do not, he would start taking action.
“What? Are you threatening us right now?” A frosty expression came over Lana’s face.
“So what if we are?” Eleanor huffed contemptuously.
“You, Camrons, aren’t even fit to be called elites. How will you even go against two influential families like ours?
“If you know what’s good for you, hand us the formula at once! You might be able to gain some benefits if you do. Otherwise, don’t blame us when things get nasty!”
How dare a second-tiered family challenge two elite families? They truly overestimated themselves! Lana frowned, her expression dark.
Beside her, Matteo’s smile faded away quickly, too. They knew there was bound to be a fallout between both parties, but they didn’t expect the Welch and Swanson families to straight up burn bridges.
“When things get nasty?” Dustin suddenly laughed. “You sound really confident! Do you, Welchs, really think you can do things as you please?”
“Dustin Rhys! So it was you!” Eleanor’s gaze zeroed in on him as she said frostily, “You shameless bastard!
“The Welch family has been nothing but nice to you! How could you betray us?
“You gave us a sub-par formula and even teamed up with the Camron family to bring our business down! You’re really heartless!”
“Shameless? Heartless?” Dustin smirked and looked at her like she was an idiot.
“Eleanor, are you hearing yourself? I saved your and your grandfather’s lives and even gave your family a formula that could make you rich!
“And what happens? You went back on your word and didn’t deliver what you promised! In fact, you even tried to murder me just to have the formula for yourself!”
###Chapter 1462 by Marina Vittori
“Had I not noticed it in time, I would have been a dead man by now!
“I’ve helped you so many times, but you, Welchs, repay my kindness with ingratitude! You went back on your word!
“So tell me, who’s the shameless one? Huh? Who’s the heartless one?”
Dustin’s voice got louder as he spoke, knowing that he was in the right. As the onlookers whispered among themselves, Alistair’s expression darkened.
It was indeed embarrassing to have their underhanded actions exposed publicly like that. He thought they should not have let Dustin leave the Welch residence in the first place had they known this would happen.
“You… That’s nonsense!” Eleanor shouted, upset. “Don’t think that I don’t know what you’re up to, Dustin.
“You harbor feelings for me and hold a grudge against me after I rejected you! This is your way of getting revenge! How despicable of you!”
“I harbor feelings for you? Do you think you’re worthy of of my feelings?”
Dustin smirked in disdain. “Look at your face. Look at your figure. Which part of you compares to that of Ms. Camron’s?
“You’re stubborn, difficult to deal with, unfeeling, and vicious! Not even a blind man would want to have anything to do with you!”
Lana snickered at that.
That was savage! What Dustin said was brutal for a woman as proud as Eleanor.
“Y-Y-You’re too much!” Eleanor was so embarrassed that she flew into a fit of rage. “You son of a bitch! You lowly vermin!
“How dare you insult me? I’ll rip your filthy mouth off!”
“Men! Get him!” Ezra ordered furiously.
If his fiancée was humiliated, then he was shamed, too! “You want a fight? Then, it’s a fight you’ll get!” Well-prepared, Lana whistled.
The next second, a large group of security guards with tasers rushed out from the building. There were several tens of them.
The security guards were all tall and strong. They were elites who had been specifically picked for the event. The moment they appeared, they surrounded the Welch family when they appeared and glared at them with sharp gazes.
“What do you think you’re doing? How dare you! Do you wish to get yourself into trouble?” Ezra shouted.
“If you’re here to congratulate us on our launching, then you’re most welcome. However, if you’re here to cause trouble, then don’t blame me when I do things my way!” Lana warned frostily.
She hired many trained security guards to keep things in order to prevent any unwanted situations. If things went south, she was ready to take them down.
“You-!” Eleanor had wanted to say more, but Alistair stopped her.
He said calmly, “Mr. Camron, your daughter is truly reckless. Have you ever considered the consequences of laying hands on the Welch and the Swanson families?”
“Mr. Welch, we’re simply trying to keep things orderly. If you do not cause trouble, they will not lay a finger on any of you,” Matteo said.
“I’m giving you another chance, Matteo. Are you really prepared to go against such prestigious families as ours for a nobody like him?” Alistair asked with his eyes narrowed.
“Dustin is an ally of the Camron family. Any business of his is business of the Camron family,” Matteo stated matter- of-factly.
There was no other way to this. When they decided to side with Dustin, there was no turning back for the Camron family.
“Fine! You’ve got guts!” Alistair huffed. “I’d like to see just how great the Camron family is!”
The moment he ended his sentence, a hearse sped up to them and pulled up right at the entrance of the building. There was a coffin in the hearse.
###Chapter 1463 by Marina Vittori
The hearse was a sleek, black vehicle. The Camrons frowned at the sight of the hearse pulling up in front of them.
They clearly weren’t here to congratulate them on the launch! Instead, they were cursing them! It was a sign of disrespect to have a hearse there!
As the hearse pulled up, two other vans followed suit. The doors opened, and dozens of people who were all dressed in black swarmed out.
At the same time, an intricately designed coffin was carried out and placed at the entrance of the building with a loud thud.
“Which one of you is the developer of the Dew Balm? Get the hell out here now!” Just then, a middle-aged man who was suited up in all black came forward and yelled angrily.
“Who are you? And why have you brought this here?” Lana stepped forward and asked coldly.
“Of course, I’m here to get an explanation from you, evil bunch!”
The middle-aged man looked anguished as he said, “This Dew Balm you’re selling is toxic! My father passed away after using it last night! I demand an explanation!”
As he spoke, he pushed open the lid of the coffin, revealing an old man lying in there. The old man was skinny, and his face was purple. There were even some dark blood stains around his nose and mouth. His chest was not moving, indicating that he was no longer breathing.
“Hey, you better not make baseless accusations! The Dew Balm had undergone strict examination, and there’s no way it’d be wrong!
“Your father’s death has got nothing to do with us!” Lana said with her brows tightly knitted. They had barely just burned bridges, and trouble had come knocking. This was clearly a ploy set up by the Welch and Swanson families.
They were trying to ruin the Dew Balm’s reputation by claiming that it was so toxic that someone had died using it. Once news got out, it would greatly affect sales, regardless of whether it was true.
“Are you going to deny it? I have all the evidence here!”
The man reached into the coffin and opened the old man’s shirt, revealing his thin torso. There was a dark wound on his chest. Around the wound, there were traces of a green ointment.
“Do you see that? That’s Dew Balm for you!”
He pointed at the green ointment and roared, “My father only suffered a minor wound! But after he used this Dew Balm of yours, he was intoxicated and died almost instantly!
“You evil bunch are just here to make money without caring for the consumers! You’re nothing but beasts!”
“What proof do you have to show that the Dew Balm killed him?” Lana asked.
“This is the receipt we got when purchasing the Dew Balm, and this is an autopsy report from the medical examiner. It clearly states that the Dew Balm killed my father!”
As he said that, he pulled out all sorts of documents to prove his point, obviously prepared.
“These can all be forged! They can’t be considered evidence!” Lana threw the documents to the ground after looking at them.
“Oh, I see you evil bunch aren’t going to admit that this is your doing, huh? I’ll report you to the authorities! I’ll see to it that you rot in prison!” he roared.
“Look here, everyone! This evil bunch is just out to get rich, and they have no care for consumer’s lives! They are utterly wicked!
“Quick! Film them! Let everyone see how despicable they are!
“How will you pay for my father’s life? Give my father back!”
###Chapter 1464 by Marina Vittori
A group of the deceased’s family members, who were all dressed in black, began to wail and clamor. They shouted, cried, and roared. The commotion attracted a huge crowd around them.
Some who didn’t know the full story began commenting based on what they saw. They reached for their cell phones and began recording videos of what was happening, ready to post them on social media. The place descended into utter chaos!
Lana frowned. Her expression didn’t look too good. She had expected that things would not run smoothly for the launch, but she didn’t expect it to get so messy.
She couldn’t get violent with them or scold them for what they were doing. There also wasn’t much point in explaining things. So, she was at a loss for how to handle the situation.
“Lana, I had thought that the Dew Balm was some sort of miraculous ointment. But it turns out that it’s a poisonous substance!”
Eleanor said sarcastically, “I thought the Camrons was a decent and reputable family.
“Who would have known that you’d stoop so low and do something so horrendous just for money! I’m so disappointed in you!”
“That’s right!” Ezra echoed, “We’re selling medication to help others, but look at you! What you’re doing is heartless, inhumane, and downright something that only scums would do!”
“We cannot let such toxic substances harm more people! It needs to be banned immediately!”
“Ban the Camrons! Ban Dew Balm!”
Agitated, the crowd began chanting.
“Please calm down, everyone,” Matteo finally spoke up. “There hasn’t been a clear investigation on the matter yet. It is far too early to jump to conclusions.
“I hope you can all give us some time to look into it. We promise that we will get to the bottom of it all!”
“Investigation my ass!” the man roared, “We have solid, irrefutable evidence here!
“You have only two options now. A life for a life, or admit your wrongdoings and give us a public apology! Then, pay us for our loss!”
Even Matteo frowned at that. There was no way they were going to pay with their lives. But if they admitted to it and apologized openly, they would be ruining themselves.
If they did so, not only would Dew Balm be banned, but there would also be huge blow to the Camron family’s reputation. They were clearly out to destroy the Camrons!
“Mr. Camron, this is your final chance to make a choice. Will you accept my conditions?” Alistair chose to speak up at this opportune moment. “You want us to give in to you? In your dreams!” Lana turned him down in a heartbeat.
She stood her ground and told them, I’ll be frank here. Even if we aren’t selling Dew Balm, you won’t be getting the formula!”
“Fine! You brought this all on yourself! “Alistair snickered and said nothing more. Then, Joaquin, who stood behind him, quietly pulled out his cell phone and made a call.
Soon, several black vans that had been lying in wait just around the corner zoomed up to them. The doors to the vans opened, and a hoard of reporters swarmed in. They immediately surrounded Lana, asking her all sorts of questions.
Flashes from cameras flashed continuously, and video cameras were pointed right at Lana.
“Ms. Camron, we have received information that someone had died after using the Dew Balm. Is that true?”
“Ms. Camron, you are selling toxic substances and breaking the law just for profit. Do you have a strong backer backing you up for you to be able to do this?”
“Viewers, we have received first-hand news that a subsidiary of the Camron Group is involved in manufacturing harmful drugs, which had resulted in the death of a 70-year-old man. We are reporting to you live from the scene…”
The reporters began asking questions non-stop. And with just some simple words, they seem to have confirmed that it was all the Camrons’ doing. All the comments were biased.
The flashes of the cameras blinded Lana, causing her to lose her composure. She had no idea how to answer their questions.
###Chapter 1465 by Marina Vittori
“Hmph! You’re trying to go against us, are you? You’re just making things difficult for yourself!” Seeing Lana in such a mess, Eleanor smirked.
Business was a warzone. The Welch family was familiar with using underhanded tactics to make things go their way.
In the past, those who failed to show proper respect and refused to align themselves with the Welch family were destroyed. Clearly, it wasn’t going to be any different for the Camrons.
“Those are just rumors! Nothing but fabricated lies!” Matteo stepped out when he saw that Lana couldn’t handle the crowd.
He stated solemnly, “I guarantee with the Camron family’s reputation at stake that the entire production of Dew Balm adheres strictly to regulations.
“There can’t possibly be any problems with our products. What happened today is because someone is out to frame us!”
“That’s rubbish! I have concrete evidence that you are the reason my father died!” the man bellowed. As he said that, a woman rushed up to the corpse and began wailing miserably, “Father! You have died a horrible death!
“You have done nothing but good deeds your entire life, but because of these evil people, you had your life taken away from you! How unfair!”
At the sight of that, camera shutters began clicking away again, capturing how woeful the woman appeared. Condemnation from the onlookers intensified, and things started to get out of hand.
“A life for a life! Since the Camrons have killed someone, they should bear full responsibility for it!” Ezra began to fan the onlookers’ rage.
“That’s right! The Welch and Swanson families are for the nation and the people! We will never watch on as the Camrons oppress and bully the weak!” Eleanor backed Ezra up.
Not only did she slander the Camrons, she even praised her family while at it. Just then, several cars sped up and pulled up by the roadside.
The doors opened up to reveal several men in uniforms. They marched in authoritatively. Everyone made way for them as they passed through.
“Who among you is the founder of Dew Balm?” A bald man who was at the forefront swept his gaze over them. He looked like he was up to no good.
“I am.” Lana stepped forward and asked, “May I know what seems to be the issue, sir?”
“We’re from the Food and Drug Administration. According to our research, we’ve found that the Dew Balm has a high content of harmful substances. That is a serious violation of the law.
“I now declare that your company shall permanently cease operations. The Dew Balm is to be banned and taken down from the market. It is not to be sold anymore!” the bald man announced loudly.
“What?” Lana’s expression fell. “The Dew Balm has been through a strict inspection. How can there possibly be any issues with it?”
“It isn’t up to you to decide whether there’s a problem with it. Now, I need you to come with me for further investigation!” The bald man stared at her icily.
“Sir, the Dew Balm has already taken a life. All relevant individuals must be appended, especially that person over there!”
Eleanor suddenly pointed a finger at Dustin and said viciously, “As far as I know, he’s the one who came up with the formula for Dew Balm.
“Now that someone’s dead because of it, he should bear the responsibility! He needs to be severely punished!”
“Oh? Is that so?” The bald man’s gaze swept over to Dustin sharply. Then, with a wave of his hand, he yelled, “I can tell just from his looks that he’s despicable. Arrest him at once!
Once they received his order, several men in uniform behind him immediately pulled out handcuffs.
“Wait a minute!” Lana stopped them. This has got nothing to do with others. If there’s anything wrong with Dew Balm, it is my responsibility to bear. No one else is to be implicated!”
“Lana, you better think this through. There’s a life involved, so this will be a serious case. If you get detained, you won’t be getting out any time soon.
“Is it worth it to take the blame for a little boy toy?” Eleanor asked nastily.
“Hah! I dare not claim to be a saint, but I will never repay kindness with ingratitude! I’m not so heartless!” Lana sneered.
“You!” Eleanor’s expression twisted with anger. “Fine! Do you like going to jail? Have it your way!
“Arrest her and punish her severely!”
“Arrest them!” The bald man gave orders to his men with a wave of his hand. He had Lana cuffed.
But just as they were about to haul her into their vehicle, Dustin, who had stood by watching, spoke up, “Hang on … I have something to say.”
“What? Are you going to obstruct the enforcement of the law?” The bald man shot Dustin a glare.
“The law? What law?”
###Chapter 1466 by Marina Vittori
Dustin said calmly, “You claim you’re from the Food and Drug Administration, but you don’t even have an arrest warrant. So, on what basis are you arresting her?”
“That’s true! You can seize the drugs, but you have no right to arrest her!” Matteo was quick to react.
Every department had its responsibilities. It was true that matters of medical products were under the control of the Food and Drug Administration. However, they had no authority to arrest people.
“You’ve broken the law. As a governmental department, we are responsible for taking charge!” the bald man declared.
“Oh, drop the act, will you? We didn’t break any laws. Besides, even if we did, it’s not your place to arrest us.” Dustin remained cool as a cucumber.
“How dare you?” The bald man glared at Dustin, feeling his authority challenged. He shouted in frustration, “Hey, bastard! I’m warning you, you better not obstruct us, or we’ll arrest you too!”
“Arrest me? Do you have the authority to do that?” Dustin scoffed.
“Insolent bastards! Arrest them all!” the bald man roared.
“Hold it right there!” Just then, a voice rang out from behind them. Everyone turned back to see a well- dressed young man approaching them.
The man had long hair and held a lighter in his hand. He looked like the perfect definition of a distinguished gentleman. It was none other than Bo Dawson!
As usual, Bo was surrounded by a team of bodyguards. He looked magnificent. Anyone who attempted to approach him was blocked.
“Bo Dawson?”
When they saw who it was, Eleanor and Ezra frowned. They felt unsettled.
They had had a fallout with him due to what happened with Rejuvenaid. Now that he suddenly showed up here, they worried he might not come with good intentions.
“Mr. Dawson? Why are you here?”
The bald man felt a bad premonition. He enthusiastically went up to welcome Bo. The Dawson family owned the largest drug manufacturing company in Oakvale. Their connections and their status were unshakable.
Even the highest authority in the Food and Drug Administration had been put in place by the Dawson family. It was clear just how powerful they were.
He was merely a manager in the Food and Drug Administration. Of course, he had to flatter and get into the good books of the future leader of the Dawson family!
“Mr. Zagatti, what authority do you have?”
Bo huffed. “So you overstep your authority and arrest people as you wish these days, do you? Without even bothering to find out the truth? Who gave you the fucking guts to do that?”
“What?” The bald man, Mr. Zagatti, was stunned and lost. He didn’t think he’d offended him before, so why was he questioning him immediately?
“What do you mean ‘what’? You’re nothing but a measly manager, and yet you’re already going around kicking up a fuss as you wish.
“If you were to be promoted to a higher position, wouldn’t you be strutting around and making a king out of yourself already?” Bo looked at him with displeasure.
“I-I Well-” The bald man was flustered, sweat beaded on his forehead.
“Mr. Dawson I’m only just acting in accordance with the law. Please forgive me if I’ve offended you in any way.”
With someone of Bo’s power, all it took was one word from him to get Mr. Zagatti fired. If Bo decided to take things up a notch, he might even end up imprisoned!
“Acting in accordance with the law? Like hell you are!” Bo berated him on the spot. “The Dawson family worked with the Camron family to develop the Dew Balm.
“It has been through rigorous checking in every relevant department, and they all turned out fine.
“But now you’re telling me that it contains harmful substances? Are you implying that the Dawson family is breaking the law knowingly?”
“What? The Dawson family?”
Mr. Zagatti was so shocked to hear that that his knees buckled.
Damn it! Didn’t they tell him he was only going up against the Camrons? How did the Dawson family get involved? He was in deep trouble now!
Oh, Ezra Swanson! You fucking got me in deep shit!
###Chapter 1467 by Marina Vittori
At that moment, Mr. Zagatti was shocked and flustered about what to do. Never in his dreams had he expected the Dawson family to be involved in this matter, too.
After all, the Dawson family ranked second among Oakvale’s eight great families, only second to the Langfords.
The Dawsons were the leading group in the medication field. Even the head of the Food and Drug Administration was backed by them. As a manager in the department, how would he dare cross the Dawson family?
His lips trembled as he said fearfully, ” M-Mr. Dawson, there must be some sort of misunderstanding going on!
“The Dawson family is a role model of the entire industry, having a great reputation throughout the years. There’s no way you’d break the law knowingly!”
“Is that so? Then what about the issue with Dew Balm? Weren’t you about to arrest people just a while ago?” Bo asked frostily.
“No, no, no! That was just a misunderstanding!”
Mr. Zagatti was so frightened that he waved his hands repeatedly. “The Food and Drug Administration is only responsible for matters pertaining to food and drugs.
“We’ve got no right to arrest anyone. Of course, I wouldn’t overstep my authority!
“As for the issue with Dew Balm, I’m sure that my subordinates have made a mistake! I’ll go back and conduct a thorough investigation!”
“Hmph! That’s more like it.” Bo flicked his lighter shut and said casually, Remember, as official personnel, you should handle affairs with justice.
“Do not heed the slander of malicious individuals in the future!”
“Yes, yes, yes! I understand!.” Mr. Zagatti nodded repeatedly, secretly heaving a sigh of relief. It was a good thing that things hadn’t gotten out of hand yet, or he’d be in deep shit.
“Hey, aren’t you here to arrest them? Why aren’t you taking action yet?”
All of a sudden, the man by the coffin called out impatiently. “Arrest? Who am I supposed to arrest?” Mr. Zagatti frowned and shot him a mean glare.
“The Dew Balm killed my father, so all relevant individuals must be arrested!” the man yelled.
“Hah! So we’re supposed to arrest people just because you say so? Who do you think you are?”
Mr. Zagatti continued impassively, Besides, what evidence have you got that it was the Dew Balm that killed him?”
“This is the receipt of purchase for the Dew Balm, and this is a report from the medical examiner. There are still remnants of the ointment on my father’s wound.
“All these are evidence that the Dew Balm killed him!” The middle-aged man took out a stack of various reports as evidence.
“Rubbish! These are all fake evidence!” Mr. Zagatti snatched the stack over and tore them into shreds.
“I don’t know where you got these from. But I’m warning you, if you dare cause a scene here again, don’t blame me when I take action against you lot!”
When he heard that, the middle-aged man couldn’t contain his anger, he yelled, “You corrupt officials! How dare you help this evil, money-making bastard take advantage of the people?
“You must have been bribed. I’ll sue you! I’ll sue all of yo-”
Smack! He had barely finished his sentence when a slap was delivered to his face.
Mr. Zagatti shouted at him, “How outrageous of you! Defaming an official is a serious crime! I’m warning you, if you continue making baseless accusations, you might be imprisoned for a very long time!”
“You-!” The man was livid. Unknowingly, his gaze fell on Ezra and Eleanor. Didn’t they agree to put up a show together? Why did that bastard pull out last minute? How the fuck was he supposed to keep up the act now?
“Mr. Zagatti, the corpse of the deceased is right here! And they have all the proof! Why aren’t you arresting them yet?” Ezra boomed.
Ezra had paid and hired him here to put up an act, but Mr. Zagatti was backing out and betraying them at the very last minute!
“Mr. Swanson, this is clearly a misunderstanding. I suspect someone is making a false report, so I must look into things carefully.” Mr. Zagatti tried to gloss things over.
Crossing the Swansons would mean just losing a financial backer. But offending the Dawsons might cost him his job or even as far as getting him imprisoned!
It was clear as day to him which one between the two that he should not mess with!
###Chapter 1468 by Marina Vittori
“They’ve got concrete evidence! What else do you need to look into?” Eleanor challenged with displeasure.
“Arrest them right now, or I’ll sue you for abuse of power! This is an order!”
“What?” Mr. Zagatti frowned, his expression darkened.
“Mr. Zagatti, look around you. Countless pairs of eyes are watching, and reporters are also present. Are you really going to cover up for these people?” Ezra demanded sharply.
“Well…” Mr. Zagatti found himself stuck between a rock and a hard place.
Though he dared not offend the Dawsons, the power of public opinion was equally as formidable. If any exaggerated news were to be reported, it would make things very messy for him.
“Ezra Swanson, you better watch your words, or I’ll sue you for defamation,” Bo said calmly.
“Mr. Dawson, this is something between us and the Camrons. Please do not interfere,” Ezra said.
“The Dawson family and the Camron family are now allies. Dew Balm is a joint production between both families. Do you think that I can stay out of this? “Bo rolled his eyes.
“Mr. Dawson, I’m just giving you a kind reminder. If you do not heed my advice, be prepared to face the consequences!”
As Ezra spoke, he suddenly raised his volume. “How much of a loss do you think it will bring to the Dawson family once the media reports about the news that Dawson Medical Group has killed someone?”
“I will sue whichever media company that publishes fake news for defamation. I will see to it that they get thrown into prison!” Bo had no fear of Ezra’s threats.
“Mr. Dawson, don’t go around thinking that just because the Dawson family is influential, you can stop the news from spreading! Now that there’s a life involved, there is no way you’d be able to cover things up!
“I’m afraid even you won’t be able to handle the consequences if things get blown out of proportion,” Ezra hinted.
“A life involved?” Bo’s gaze fell on the corpse in the coffin as he scoffed. “Who told you that this person died because of Dew Balm?”
“Hah! We have witnesses and evidence here! How could it possibly be fake?” the middle-aged man shouted. Bo did not attempt to explain. Instead, he simply snapped his fingers.
Soon, one of Bo’s bodyguards, Elara, produced a document. She said coolly,” According to our latest investigation, the deceased was intentionally poisoned. The substance that had poisoned him was arsenic.
“And here are the ingredients for Dew Balm. After official testing, it is proven that it contains no harmful substances.
“Hence, the claim that Dew Balm had killed someone is nothing but a false accusation. Look here, everyone!”
As Elara spoke, she unfolded a document and displayed it to all the onlookers and reporters. That elicited a series of whispers from them.
Dawson Medical Group had a great reputation, and now that they had evidence, people couldn’t help but wonder how true the accusation was.
“These are all fake evidence! Don’t trust them!” The middle-aged man was flustered. He reached out to grab the documents, but Elara kicked him, sending him falling to the ground.
Then, she pulled out another document and announced frostily, “This amazing son here bought a substantial amount of accidental insurance for his father yesterday and appointed himself as the beneficiary.
“Besides, he’s also a gambling addict with huge amounts of debt. He is notorious for that from where he came from. I have full reason to suspect that he murdered his father for the sake of money!”
Once Elara said that, the man’s expression changed immediately. He roared, “Nonsense! You’re spouting utter nonsense!”
“Nonsense?” Elara scoffed and pulled out a pack of drugs. “These are remnants of arsenic found in your house. Your fingerprints have been found on them.
“After a thorough investigation, we’re sure there is no mistake. We have solid evidence here, so there’s no use denying it anymore!”
When he saw that, the middle-aged man’s knees gave way. He slumped to the ground, his expression ashened. He was done for. He was completely done for now!
###Chapter 1469 by Marina Vittori
When Elara took out the final evidence, the middle-aged man fell on his knees in despair. Had it just been the insurance records, he could have worm his way out. But now that they found the poison, and it even had his fingerprints on it, there was nothing else he could say to save himself.
“So it turns out that this bastard had lied! How despicable!”
“He even murdered his own father! Does he have no conscience?”
“A beast! He’s a beast through and through!”
The onlookers who had gathered around began berating and condemning him.
They had thought that the victim had died due to the products of the vile sellers, but the man had intentionally framed them.
And the worst part was that he was evil enough to harm his own father! Not even an animal would do something like that. It was downright inhumane!
“What a good-for-nothing!” Eleanor muttered under her breath with her brows furrowed. Not only had he failed to accomplish his purpose, he even left behind such important evidence. It seemed like he was out to ruin himself!
“It seems like they came prepared.” Ezra’s eyes narrowed, his gaze dark. He had to admit that Bo knew what he was doing. They gathered so much evidence and easily put the pieces together in such a short time.
“Hmph! I could tell at a glance that you were up to no good!”
Seeing how the tides have changed, Mr. Zagatti quickly ordered, “Men! Capture this beast who murdered his father immediately! Send him to prison for further questioning!”
At his orders, several men in uniform approached the middle-aged man and cuffed his hands behind his back.
“Mr. Swanson! Save me! Please save me!” Flustered, the man shouted at Ezra hysterically. Once he was judged guilty, he might never be able to get out of prison anymore.
“Hmph! What’s anything got to do with me?” Ezra countered impassively, not wanting to get involved. “Mr. Swanson, you cannot desert me now! You were the one who-”
“Shut up!” Before the man could continue, Ezra rushed up to the man and punched him, glaring menacingly at the man.
“You rotten bastard! If you continue spouting nonsense, I’ll make your life a living hell!”
The middle-aged man was bleeding from his nose and lost two of his teeth. But he dared not utter another word. He knew that if he let slip that Ezra was involved, he might not live to see the next sunrise.
“Bring them away!” With a wave, Mr. Zagatti ordered his men to haul the man and those with him into their vehicles.
The crowd commented and discussed what had happened among themselves. It was shocking how the tables had turned within mere minutes. The victims had turned into the perpetrators, and vice versa.
“Ezra, why are you so worked up? Could this possibly have anything to do with you?” Bo asked thoughtfully.
“You must be joking, Mr. Dawson. The Swanson family has always been sincere and upright. How could I ever be involved in something like this?” Ezra forced a smile.
“That’s true.” Bo smiled. “Only scums of the earth would stoop so low as to frame another person for something they didn’t do. The Swanson family wouldn’t be so heinous to do something like that.’
The corners of Ezra’s lips twitched involuntarily. He was enraged, but there was nothing he could do about it.
Bo was obviously implying that they were scums, but Ezra had no way of retaliating. He could only hold his tongue and bear with it.
###Chapter 1470 by Marina Vittori
“Bo, what exactly have the Camrons offered you? Why are you helping them? “Eleanor asked with her brows furrowed.
“I have always stood up for people in unjust situations. Do you have a problem with that?” Bo lifted his chin and looked down his nose at them.
“There are never lasting enemies, Bo; Only lasting interests. No matter what benefits the Camrons have offered you; the Welch family will offer you double! “Eleanor tried to strike a deal with Bo.
“Double?” Bo chuckled at that, and a hint of contempt crept into his smile.
“Truth be told, I’m the biggest shareholder of Dew Balm. I hold 40% of the shares. So, if you were to double that, that’d be 80%. Are you able to afford that?”
“What?” When she heard that, Eleanor’s expression soured. She had assumed that Bo had been offered some form of benefit to assist the Camrons. It hadn’t occurred to her that they had formed such an alliance. It was impossible to get Bo to side with them now.
“So this is how it is.” Ezra frowned, his expression dark. He had thought that something was off from the moment Bo appeared.
“Why are you silent now? Didn’t you offer to give me double?” Bo taunted.
“Hmph! You better not be happy too soon! You may have Dew Balm, but we’ve got Rejuvenaid! Who’s to say your product is better?” Eleanor huffed.
The Dawson family might be powerful, but the Welch family and the Swanson family weren’t to be trifled with either.
“Haha! Rejuvenaid? That’s just a subpar product that isn’t even worth mentioning. How can it be compared to Dew Balm?” Bo asked in disdain.
“You claim that Rejuvenaid is a subpar product? Fine! Are you down for a bet?” Eleanor challenged.
“Oh? What kind of a bet are you proposing?” Bo seemed interested in what Eleanor was suggesting.
“Simple. We’ll just bet on our sales. Let’s see who makes the highest sales!” Eleanor lifted her chin proudly.
“And what happens when we win? Or what happens if we lose?” Bo asked.
“Winning will prove which product is the genuine one. Hence, the winner shall now be in control of the market.
“As for the loser, not only will they need to surrender their formula, but they will also have to sign an agreement never to sell any similar ointments again!” Eleanor declared.
Bo raised his brows at that.
The Welch family was clearly challenging them now. Not only would they be mocked and defamed if they did not agree to it, but it would also affect their reputation.
But if they were to agree, they would be subjected to the Welch family’s and the Swanson family’s underhanded tactics.
If they lost, not only would it be embarrassing, but they would also suffer a huge financial loss. That would only result in Dawson Medical Group falling into a crisis again. The consequences would be drastic.
“What? Do you not dare to take up the bet?” Eleanor pursed her lips contemptuously.
“You claim that yours is the genuine product, but you don’t even dare to compete with us? Are you not confident in your product, or are you just cowards?”
Bo frowned without giving her an answer. Instead, he turned around to look at Dustin and Lana. Dew Balm did not belong to him. He could not make the decision himself.
“You wanna bet? Sure. We’re down for it,” Dustin spoke up. Lana’s expression changed, and she quickly advised Dustin against it.” Dustin, this might be a ploy. Don’t fall into their trap!”
“Don’t worry. They’re bound to lose today. No matter what they try, they won’t be able to win.” Dustin smiled like he didn’t have a care in the world.
Eleanor was no doubt playing with fire when she suggested the bet. She was bringing the Welch and Swanson families closer to bankruptcy. And that sat fine with Dustin.
“What do you say, Mr. Dawson?” Lana turned to look at him.
“Since Rhys has decided to take her up on the bet, I fully support his decision. Our product is of good quality, and we sell it at an affordable price.
“If we do not win this bet, we might as well not sell the product anymore.” Bo shrugged. When Lana heard what Bo said, she nodded. “Fine! We’ll play their little game then! We accept the bet!”
###Chapter 1471 by Marina Vittori
Eleanor was secretly pleased to see that all three of them had agreed to it. A sly smirk graced her features.
What a bunch of idiots! All it took were a few words to agitate them, and now they fell into her trap. She would never have suggested such a bet if she was not fully confident that she would win!
Framing them with the dead body had just been Plan A. But now, they would go all out and deploy Plan B. As long as Dustin agreed to take her up on the bet, he’d be jumping head-first into the trap Eleanor had laid out for him.
“Draft us an agreement to sign now!” Eleanor ordered. The people who were with Eleanor immediately began busying themselves.
A while later, two copies of an agreement were brought to her. Relevant clauses of the agreement were clearly stated.
Not only would the losers need to surrender their formula, but they would also have to make a public apology and promise never to sell similar products again.
“Have you had a good look at it yet? If you have, then go ahead and sign it,” Eleanor urged. Dustin, Lana, and Bo said nothing. After checking that everything was correct with the agreement, they all proceeded to sign it.
Eleanor and Ezra exchanged a glance before signing on it, too. The agreement had officially come into effect.
“Hahaha! You three are such idiots! You actually agreed to the bet! I can’t believe it!”
Seeing that her ploy was working, Eleanor no longer felt the need to cover things up. She taunted mercilessly, “Rejuvenaid already has its own market, and we’ve also received a large number of orders. You, however, have only just launched. How can you compete against us?”
It was true that Dew Balm was sold at a cheaper price than Rejuvenaid, and it was also much more effective.
Given enough time and publicity, it would surely be a hit product with demands surpassing even that of Rejuvenaid’s.
But unfortunately, they no longer had such a chance. They were digging their own grave to compete against Rejuvenaid before they had a stable market!
“Dustin, everyone saw you sign the agreement. It’s too late for you to regret your decision now. It’d be best for you to give up now!” Ezra sneered.
With so many reporters and onlookers, they were not afraid that Dustin would deny accepting the bet. Besides, they had the signed agreement too.
“Don’t get ahead of yourself. We don’t know who will end up losing yet,” Dustin said casually.
“Is that so?” Ezra scoffed. “I see that you’re not one to regret until death stares you in the face. I’ll make sure that you’re totally defeated!”
With that said, Ezra raised his hands and clapped twice. A long, red banner was unrolled on the building opposite the road. A congratulatory message was printed on it in bold.
“Congratulations on the official launch of Rejuvenaid Pharmaceuticals!”
Once the banner was unrolled, things immediately became lively on both sides of the road. Two musical bands made their way toward Rejuvenaid Pharmaceuticals from both sides of the building. Their music attracted a huge crowd.
“Gather round and have a look, everyone! We’re having a company launching event today, so whoever buys Rejuvenaid will get a discount and a nice gift from Rejuvenaid Pharmaceuticals!
“The gifts are limited, so we’re giving them out on a first-come, first-served basis!”
An emcee with a microphone in hand hollered at the crowd opposite the road. People from several streets down could hear him clearly.
“They’re giving out gifts with every purchase? Let’s go and have a look!”
“Hurry, we should go check it out too! We have to get it before they’re out of gifts!”
The emcee’s announcement managed
to attract a lot of attention.
Several people in the crowd were brought by the Welch and Swanson families beforehand. They quickly urged the rest of the crowd to flock over to Rejuvenaid Pharmaceuticals.
After receiving a subtle nod from Ezra, the reporters, too, crossed the road and began to publicize the event and report it on their media.
Within mere minutes, it was deserted over at the Camrons. There were only a few staff left. All the crowd and excitement had gone over to Rejuvenaid Pharmaceuticals.
###Chapter 1472 by Marina Vittori
At the sight of that, Ezra beamed even brighter. “See that, Dustin? This is the surprise we’ve prepared for you!”
“So you guys came prepared! Isn’t this just cheating!” Lana criticized them.
“Haha! All is fair in war! You can’t blame me for your own stupidity! I can’t believe you actually took us up on the bet!” Ezra gloated.
“It’s jam-packed over on our side, but I can’t say the same for you. It’s pretty clear who’s going to be the winner now. You might as well just admit defeat.” Eleanor smirked.
Though their plan to frame Dustin and Lana with the dead body hadn’t worked, their strategy to provoke them had. Eleanor and Ezra’s plan had not gone to waste.
“What’s the rush? We’ve still got time before the day ends.” Dustin remained calm and composed.
“What? Are you still unwilling to admit that you’ve lost?” Ezra mocked with a taunting smile. “Fine, we’ll just take things up a notch and make sure that you acknowledge your defeat!”
Then, he pulled out his cell phone and made a call.
Three minutes later, a black Mercedes- Benz drove up to them from the corner of the street and pulled up on the opposite side of the road.
The doors opened, and a plump, well- dressed man and his secretary came out. Then, he shouted, “An order of Rejuvenaid worth five million dollars for the owner of Conray Medicals!”
Right away, the crowd at Rejuvenaid Pharmaceuticals was in a frenzy. Conray Medicals was a well-known pharmaceutical company with a booming business in Oakvale. They had over 100 stores and maintained an excellent reputation all along.
The owner of Conray Medicals was also known to be a billionaire. It was truly shocking for him to make a public appearance to place an order of five million dollars worth of Rejuvenaid.
Not long after the Mercedes-Benz pulled up, a Maybach followed suit. When the doors opened, an old man with white hair and his walking stick in hand came out.
“An order of ten million dollars worth of Rejuvenaid for the director of Gonfrey Group!” The emcee shouted into the microphone.
Another commotion broke out among the crowd once again. But before the commotion died down, another astonishing thing happened.
One by one, a whole lineup of luxury cars began appearing. There were Bentleys, Porches, Rolls-Royces, and every other imaginable luxury car.
As each car pulled up, a powerful and influential person would emerge. The emcee’s voice rang out loud and clear, announcing their arrival and orders.
“Mr. Frondir of Fayprod Medicals placed an order for Rejuvenaid worth 20 million dollars to congratulate the launch of Rejuvenaid Pharmaceuticals!”
“An order of 50 million dollars worth of Rejuvenaid from Mr. Wolsey of Safetrust Securities!”
“Mr. Lunday of LunPro Group has just placed an order for 100 million dollars worth of Rejuvenaid!”
Seeing the amount of the rich and powerful of the elite class were present, the crowd buzzed with excitement.
“Damn! They are placing orders by the millions! Isn’t that too much?”
“Is Rejuvenaid really so miraculous that all these rich men seem to rush to purchase it?”
“The elites have foresight in the market. Surely, they see the potential in Rejuvenaid! We better follow in their footsteps and buy the product!”
The crowd engaged in heated discussions. They had initially gathered around to join in on the excitement. None of them had expected things to get so exciting.
In the end, many of the onlookers were tempted, and they, too, placed their orders. For a moment, the sales for Rejuvenaid hiked steeply. Things did not look good for Dew Balm.
“Do you know the difference between us now, Dustin? Do you admit defeat now?” Ezra’s lip lifted into a confident smirk.
“Defeat?” Dustin gave a faint smile. ” Why don’t you turn around and have a good look to see who’s the loser?”
###Chapter 1473 by Marina Vittori
“Turn around? What? Are you able to change things up?” Ezra sniggered condescendingly. He turned around to have a look.
All he saw was how great business was for them at Rejuvenaid Pharmaceuticals. Customers were swarming in, and almost everyone in the elite circle of South City had come to show their support. Besides that, there was nothing out of the ordinary.
“Dustin, I think you’re too old for such childish gimmicks. Does such jokes humor you?” Ezra mocked.
“Hey! Are you just too much of a coward to admit defeat?” Eleanor asked sarcastically.
“We have witnesses, evidence, and the signed agreement! There’s no point saying more. Just surrender the formula already! It’d be less embarrassing for you that way.”
“Who said that we’ve lost? See for yourself, what’s that over there?” Dustin gestured in a direction down the road.
“Hah! Do you think I’d fall for the same trick again?” Ezra huffed without looking back. Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. Ezra wasn’t stupid enough to be tricked twice.
As they conversed, a black Land Rover sped up to them and stopped right in front of Camron Group’s subsidiary. A buff man in a black suit came out as the door opened.
“Raymond Yoldie of AurumDale Corporation would like to congratulate Camron Medicals on your launching! As a show of support, I would like to order ten million dollars worth of Dew Balm!” the man announced loudly.
Ezra and Eleanor’s smile immediately froze when they heard that. They had thought that Dustin was just bluffing. It turned out that he really had people coming over to support them.
“Thank you for your support, Mr. Yoldie! Please, come on in!” Lana was overjoyed and quickly ushered the man in.
A ten-million-dollar order might be nothing compared to the orders that Rejuvenaid Pharmaceuticals was getting, but it was a good sign for them nonetheless.
“Ezra, is there an AurumDale Corporation in South City? I don’t recall there ever being such a company,” Eleanor wondered aloud curiously. The Welch and Swanson families controlled the South City, so they knew almost all the rich and powerful elites in the area.
“AurumDale Corporation is from the East City. If I’m guessing it right, Bo must have invited this person,” Ezra explained.
“I see.” Eleanor nodded, unbothered. It was just a ten-million-dollar order. It was nothing. She would not let something so trivial get to her.
“Dustin, you can’t be thinking that you can compete against us with just the support of AurumDale Corporation, can you? You’d be too naive to think so!” Ezra smirked.
That was just a second-tier company. How could it ever be compared to the elites they have connections with?
“What’s the rush? The show is just beginning.” Dustin remained unfazed.
“Just starting? Haha! I’d like to see what you’re capable of!” Ezra looked at Dustin in disdain.
He had barely finished speaking when a long convoy of cars showed up around the corner-the convoy comprised of luxury cars, each worth at least millions. There were sports cars, sedans, SUVs, and many others.
The convoy showed up in an orderly manner, captivating the crowd’s attention. Finally, the cars all stopped at Camron Medicals as everyone watched on.
As the doors of the cars opened one by one, well-dressed elites and influential figures came out from the cars to congratulate them on the launch.
“Larry Yards of Shineford Corporation congratulates Camron Medicals on the official launch of your company! I’d like to place a 20 million dollar order for Dew Balm!”
“Harris Mortson of Dinsby Medicals here to congratulate Camron Medicals on your launching! I’d like to place a 30 million dollar order for Dew Balm!”
“Gathson Orms of Royals Group would like to order 80 million dollars of Dew Balm! Congratulations on the launch of Camron Medicals! All the best!”
More and more rich and influential figures came to congratulate the Camrons and placed huge orders for Dew Balm. Their popularity and orders began to match that of Rejuvenaid Pharmaceuticals.
Ezra and Eleanor could no longer keep the smiles on their faces.
###Chapter 1474 by Marina Vittori
Ezra and Eleanor didn’t expect so many wealthy people to support Camron Medicals’ launch. They began to grow anxious. If this were to carry on, they were beginning to doubt whether they would win.
“Gentlemen, thank you for showing up and giving us your support. Please, head on in.” Lana and Matteo beamed from ear to ear as they welcomed the guests and invited them in for a seat.
The Welch and Swanson families dominated the market in South City. With just the Camrons’ abilities alone, they would not have been able to get much support.
But now that they had help from the Dawson family, many of the wealthy merchants from Easy City turned up to support them. Had it not been for the Dawsons, Camron Medicals would have lost terribly.
“I never expected you to be prepared for this, Mr. Dawson. I guess now we can have a proper fight against the Welch and Swanson families!” Lana smiled brightly.
“These are all Dustin’s arrangements. I’m only doing things according to his plan.” Bo twirled a lighter around in his hand.
“Oh?” Lana raised a brow and looked at Dustin in astonishment. “How’d you know that the Welch and Swanson families were going to do something like this, Dustin?” 1
“Those ploys they’re trying aren’t exactly brilliant to begin with.” Dustin smiled.
“Besides, even if they weren’t going to do that, we’d be making good publicity for Dew Balm to invite these people to the launch. There was nothing wrong to invite them.”
“That makes sense.” Lana nodded before glancing over at Eleanor and Ezra.
She smiled and asked meaningfully, ” Ms. Welch, Mr. Swanson, not too sure who will win the bet anymore, don’t you think?”
Though the Welch and Swanson families came prepared, it seemed that Dustin had been one step ahead of them.
“Hmph! Don’t be too happy just yet! We’re still in the lead now!” Eleanor huffed.
“That’s right! We’ve got a lot of connections! Victory will surely be ours at the end of the day!” Ezra puffed his chest out confidently.
The Dawson family might have gotten the support of many wealthy figures, but ultimately, there was a limit on how many connections a single family had.
Since the Welch and Swanson families had joined hands, their connections and influence were much more than the Dawson family’s. Even if they had to compete financially, they had a high chance of winning, too.
“They’re just a bunch of insignificant people who aren’t worth mentioning. The real show’s just about to begin.”
Dustin flashed a slight smile.
“Hah! Stop acting all mysterious. No matter what powers you think you have, you’re still bound to lose today!” Eleanor shouted.
He had just finished speaking when a Rolls-Royce Phantom pulled up by the roadside. Soon after, a middle-aged man with a stubble came down from the car.
He had a squarish face and bold features. Even without showing any emotions, he gave off a commanding presence. His every move seemed to show what a formidable person he was.
Alistair’s brows furrowed when he saw the man. His expression fell instantly. Matteo, on the other hand, was elated. He looked like a kid on Christmas morning.
“Ethan Langford from the Langford family here to congratulate you on your launch and wish you a booming business!” the middle-aged man said. A commotion broke out among onlookers.
“What? Ethan Langford? Isn’t that the leader of the Langford family?”
“The Langford family is the head of Oakvale’s eight great families, and Ethan is a first-ranking minister! It speaks volumes about Camron Medicals for someone of his position to turn up and show their support!”
“My goodness! What exactly is going on? It seems like all the rich and powerful of the elite circle are here!”
Chaos descended over the crowd when they learned about Ethan’s arrival. The Langfords were acknowledged to be the strongest family out of the eight great families in Oakvale. Not only were they filthy rich, but they also had powers beyond any of the other families.1
Even among the eight great families, they were undoubtedly the most prestigious.
No one had expected Ethan Langford, who rarely showed up in public, to make an appearance in support of Camron Medicals. It was truly shocking!
###Chapter 1475 by Marina Vittori
Those from the Welch and Swanson families could no longer stay calm. They had planned and schemed for so long but never expected that the Langford family, the head of the eight great families, would support the Camrons.
There was a stark difference between the Langford family’s and the Welch and Swanson families’ statuses. They were not even on the same level! Was it possible that the Camron family actually had the Langfords backing them?
“H-How is this possible? Why would the leader of the Langford family show up here?” Eleanor’s eyes widened in disbelief.
That was Ethan, the leader of the Langford family! He was a powerful and formidable minister of the imperial court. Known to be haughty, he never formed alliances with others.
Even if Eleanor’s parents invited Ethan, he wouldn’t even show up! He wouldn’t even care for people like Bo and Dustin. So, who exactly managed to get Ethan to turn up in person?
“Things just turned bad for us!” Ezra broke out in a cold sweat, flustered. It was bad enough they had to go against the Dawson family. But now that the leader of the Langford family was here, things had just gone from bad to worse.
The Langfords ranked first among Oakvale’s eight great families, and the Dawsons came second. They were considered the Supreme Four families.
On the other hand, the Welchs and the Swansons could only be considered the Remarkable Four families. They ranked in the lower half among the eight great families.
If they were to compare their combined forces, the Langford and Dawson families definitely preceded that of the Welch and Swanson families. As such, they no longer had an advantage in the bet today. In fact, they were in a bad spot.
“How could this be? Did the Camron family actually join hands with the Langfords?” Alistair’s expression darkened, his brows furrowed.
Ethan’s appearance had completely turned the tables. Alistair was no longer sure if their ploy would work out anymore.
“Welcome, Mr. Langford! Please come inside!” Matteo personally came out to welcome Ethan and led him in. They did not even need the Langfords to purchase their product. Just his presence alone was already a tremendous help to them.
In no time at all, all the Langford family’s connections would swarm up to them in a show of support.
“What do you think, Ms. Welch? Do you like the surprise?” Lana was energized now. Honestly speaking, even Lana herself had not thought that Bo could get Ethan to show up for the company launch.
But now that they had the support of the Langford family, their chances of winning the bet increased by leaps.
“Why would Mr. Langford support you? What schemes have you deployed?” Eleanor frowned. Her expression turned sour like she’d eaten a lemon.
“That’s not something you need to worry about, Ms. Welch. You’re better off thinking about what you’re going to do after you lose the bet!” A wide smile spread out on Lana’s face.
“Hah! Even if you have the help of the Langford family, we won’t necessarily lose!” Eleanor retorted.
The Langford and Dawson families were undoubtedly more powerful than the Welch and Swanson families. But Ezra and Eleanor were prepared to give their all to win the bet. No matter what it took to win, they would do it!
Clearly, the Langford and the Dawson families would not be as relentless as them. And that was the key to their victory.
“Look! There’s another convoy approaching!” someone from the crowd exclaimed.
Everyone turned to see another convoy of luxury cars driving around the corner. This time, the convoy seemed even more grand than the one before. These were clearly no ordinary people.
“From the looks of it, they’re probably people of importance too!”
“Let’s take a guess. Who do you think invited them?”
“I can’t say for sure. Both sides have equally as many people in support of them right now. It could be either of them.”
“Oh, you’re no fun!”
###Chapter 1476 by Marina Vittori
With everyone’s gaze fixed on them, the convoy of luxury cars slowly made their way to the opposite side of the road. Finally, they stopped right at the front of Rejuvenaid Pharmaceuticals. Eleanor was elated at the sight of that.” Haha! They’re here for us! Our backup is finally here!”
“Yes! It’s time we show them what we’re capable of!” Ezra was also overjoyed. Though Ethan’s presence had changed things for them, they were fully prepared to reverse the tides.
“Who could it be?” Alistair mumbled as he rubbed his chin. Anticipation was evident in his eyes. Most of the Welch and Swanson families’ allies were already there. Could there be a surprise in store for them?
“Dustin! Lana! Bo!” Eleanor called them out one by one haughtily, “I told you, don’t be happy too soon!
“What do you think now? Not so happy anymore, are we?”
“I admit that you’re quite a worthy opponent. Unfortunately, we’re just much better than you!” Ezra said proudly.
As Ezra and Eleanor taunted their opponents, something out of the blue happened. The convoy that had just pulled up seemed to have sensed something amiss, and they drove off!
Not a while later, they made a U-turn and came to the entrance of Camron Medicals!
After the cars stopped, several prominent figures who were elegantly dressed stepped out of the cars. They slowly made their way to Lana and Dustin to congratulate them.
“Declan Fallon here with the rest of the Fallon family to congratulate Camron Medicals on your opening!” Declan, who was at the forefront of the group, led the rest of his family up to Camron Medicals and shook Dustin, Lana, and Bo’s hands.
When the crowd heard that the man was Declan Fallon, an uproar broke out again. “What? Even the Fallon family is here? They are one of the four ancient houses! Am I seeing things?”
“My goodness! One of the four ancient houses actually turned up for the launch of a small medical company? What is going on?”
The crowd buzzed with discussion and astonishment.
The Fallon family was on a whole other level than the Langford family! They were a distinguished family that was at the peak of Dragonmarsh!
Numerous warriors came from the family, and they held a lot of power in the imperial court. Their influence in the military sector was unrivaled.
Why would such a prominent family come and congratulate the Camron family on the launch of their company? It was unimaginable!
“The F-Fallon family? How is it possible?” Eleanor and the rest of the Welch and Swanson families stood frozen on the spot like they’d been struck by lightning. They stared with eyes wide in disbelief.
Wasn’t the convoy their backup? Why did they suddenly become the Camron family’s backup? And most importantly, how did a second-tier family manage to get the Fallon family to back them up?
Before they even got over the shock of seeing the Fallons, another convoy of luxury cars came around the corner.
This time, they did not go the wrong way. They headed straight for Camron Medicals and pulled up in front of the building.
As the doors opened, Natasha came down from the car wearing a stunning red dress, and behind her was a group of rich and influential men.
“The Ballard family here to congratulate you on the launch of your company! As a show of support, I’d like to place a ten billion dollar order for Dew Balm!” Natasha said with a smile. A ruckus broke out among the crowd.
“Oh my god! It’s not just the Fallons! Now even the Ballards, another one of the four ancient houses, are here! Am I dreaming?”
“Who exactly is it that managed to get two of the four ancient houses to show up at the same time?”
“How shocking! This is getting exciting!”
The crowd clamored excitedly. To have the Fallons show up was impressive in itself. But now, even the Ballards had come to show their support! Their influence was unfathomable!
Camron Medicals had undoubtedly won the bet. There was no way the Welch and Swanson families could turn the tables at this point.
Eleanor’s legs gave way, and she fell to the ground. Her face was ashen. She was in utter despair!
###Chapter 1477 by Marina Vittori
At that moment, not only Eleanor but everyone from the Welch and Swanson families were shocked. Never in their dreams had they expected things to turn out this way.
They had a chance at winning the bet had it just been the Langfords. But now, there were even two ancient houses involved. No matter their tricks or abilities, they were all rendered useless.
After all, there was a stark difference between wealthy families and ancient houses. They were on entirely different levels!
Wealthy families were just rich. But ancient houses wielded power and influence! The rich were nothing compared to the powerful and influential.
It would not be an exaggeration to say that ancient houses could wipe out any wealthy family within a night if they wished. That was how different the wealthy families and ancient houses were.
“The Langfords, the Fallons, and the Ballards… How could this be? What on earth has happened?” Ezra gaped in terror.
He simply could not comprehend how an insignificant company like Camron Medicals could get the support of ancient houses.
“Quick! Just admit defeat immediately, or we might end up in even more trouble than we already are!” Alistair was quick to recover from the shock.
Now that two ancient houses had shown up, he understood the severity of the situation. Though he did not know how Camron Medicals did it, it was clear as day that Rejuvenaid Pharmaceuticals had lost the bet.
If they held out to the end, it would not benefit them and might even anger the two ancient families. And if that happened, neither the Welch nor the Swanson family would make it. In the end, under Alistair’s urges, Eleanor and Ezra had no choice but to admit defeat.
“We’ve lost this time round. We admit our defeat! From now on, we shall stop all sales of Rejuvenaid, and the company shall be dissolved shortly. Are you satisfied now?” Eleanor spat through gritted teeth, looking resentful.
She might have lost, but she was unresigned to the defeat. From how she saw it, victory should have been hers had the two ancient families not gotten themselves involved.
“Ms. Welch, it’s still long before the day ends. Isn’t it a bit too early to admit defeat now? Why don’t you hold out a little longer?” Lana asked with a slight hint of a smile.
“Hmph! You just got lucky, that’s all! What’s there to be proud of? I’ll get back at you!” With that said, Eleanor turned and stormed off angrily.
“Let’s go.” Alistair gestured to his men, and they all left. Within just minutes, everyone from the Welch and Swanson families had left. Their company, which had just opened, was shut down quickly.
All the rich and famous people who had turned up to support Rejuvenaid Pharmaceuticals left as well. Ultimately, it was Camron Medicals that won the bet. However, things did not end there.
After the Langford, the Fallon, and the Ballard families turned up, many more prominent figures got the news and showed up to congratulate the Camrons too. They also placed huge orders for Dew Balm.
Camron Medicals was jam-packed with people for a moment, and the place was lively. Influential individuals from various sectors and wealthy figures kept showing up. Luxury cars lined down the whole road.
Dew Balm spread like wildfire, and by the end of the day, the whole of Oakvale knew about it.
The Welch family and the Swanson family’s Rejuvenaid was sorely defeated. Customers who had placed orders for it promptly chose to get a refund, resulting in heavy losses for them.
In order to promote their product, they invested massive amounts of funds and even worked overtime to ensure steady production.
###Chapter 1478 by Marina Vittori
The company was closed even before the Welch and Swanson families could profit from it. In addition to having a warehouse full of the ointment, the money invested had also gone down the drain because they couldn’t sell it.
Suddenly, the Welch and Swanson families were in deep waters. On the other hand, the Camron family was in a completely different situation. They had just joined the elite social rank right away because of the support shown by the two ancient houses.
Not only were they making money, but they had towered above the most influential families in the city in terms of networking.
If this continued, they’d finally be able to join the rank of influential families within three months! By that time, Oakvale would have nine great families!
It was nighttime in the Welch family meeting room. Alistair, the leader of the Welch family, and Barry Swanson, the leader of the Swanson family, were in a discussion. Only a few other core members, like Eleanor and Ezra, were also present.
“Alistair, what actually happened? You promised that as long as the Swanson family joined this venture, we’d make a lot of money together.
“Look at us now! The Swanson family has invested a lot of money, and the company is already a flop when it has just started!
“Most importantly, the clients who have placed their orders with us are asking for a refund. If this continues, the Swanson family will face a substantial loss!”
Barry was complaining obnoxiously. If he had not listened to Alistair and invested heavily in Rejuvenaid, the Swanson family wouldn’t be in this situation.
It should be made known that the cost of producing Rejuvenaid was very high. They were very confident as they received many purchase orders and didn’t mind spending a huge fortune to gather the required herbs to produce this ointment.
They had initially wanted to make a lot of money from this venture; they had no idea they would be losing so much money that it’d eat into their savings. Everyone in the family was full of complaints.
“Barry, I know you’re very worried. But please try to calm down.” Alistair sighed softly, “If the Swanson family has sustained a huge loss, do you think we, the Welch family, are better off?
“We’re in the same boat. We’re in this together, and we’ll have to weather this storm hand in hand.”
“It might seem like it, but don’t you think you’re a little too incompetent? You can’t even take on the Camron family, and you’re risking your family’s fortune and reputation with it.” Barry said while shaking his head.
“Barry, this is just a small mishap. We would have won if the ancient houses didn’t get involved.” Alistair replied.
“What? The ancient houses? What’s going on?” Barry was taken aback.
“Let me tell you what happened from the beginning,” Alistair explained what happened without missing out on any details.
Barry frowned after he heard the full story. With a stern expression, he said, “That’s weird. With their influence, why would the ancient houses help the ordinary Camron family?”
“Dad, to our knowledge, I think the Dawson family is related to this,” Ezra spoke up suddenly.
“The Dawson family may be influential, but to have support from the Fallon and Ballard families, I don’t think they’re capable of that.” Barry was a little doubtful.
The background of the eight great families was not a secret. The Langford family was the most powerful and were in a league of their own. The Dawsons would come after them.
On their own, they were more powerful than the Welch or Swanson family. However, it was unlikely that The Dawsons had connections to the ancient houses.
“Could it be that the Dawson family bought over the ancient houses with a handsome sum of money?” Ezra speculated.
“What do you think, Alistair?” Instead of replying to Ezra’s speculation, Barry turned to look at Alistair.
“I find this weird as well. But, other than the Dawsons, I couldn’t think of anyone else.” Alistair shook his head.
The Camrons, led by Lana, were just a mediocre family at best. They would never have the chance to rub shoulders with the ancient houses, much less ask for favors from them.
The Dawson family, led by Bo Dawson, who enjoyed a high social standing, was the biggest shareholder. Even though it was a long shot, that was still a possibility.
As for Dustin Rhys, he’d decided to ignore him as he was just a nobody. He wouldn’t even have the chance to serve the ancient houses as a housekeeper! How could he possibly hold such influence?
###Chapter 1479 by Marina Vittori
“That’s enough. There’s no point in discussing all these now. Let’s redirect our focus on finding a way out of the current situation.” Joanne, who had remained silent all this while, suddenly spoke up. She was decisive, swift, and wouldn’t give up easily. She would find ways to regain their losses.
“Obviously, we can no longer sell Rejuvenaid as two ancient houses have spoken.” Barry sighed as he looked up and said, “Alistair, you are always full of ideas.
“Do you have any ideas how we can recoup some of our losses?”
“This is too little time for me to think of anything.” Alistair looked helpless. If he had any ideas, he wouldn’t be worrying right now.
“Dad! I might have an idea!” Eleanor suddenly had a thought and spoke up.
“Really? What is it? Tell me.” Alistair was immediately intrigued. Everyone else turned to look at her and was ready to listen to her idea.
“Dad, we got the formula for Rejuvenaid from Dustin. Do you think he may have other similar formulas?” Eleanor said as she narrowed her eyes.
Alistair and Joanne glanced at each other and understood what their daughter meant. However, they didn’t reveal her true intentions because it was quite unsettling.
“Eleanor, did you mean to kidnap Dustin and force him to give up all his formulas?” Ezra speculated cautiously.
“That’s right!” Eleanor nodded, ” Dustin is a man with many secrets. I am confident that we’ll be pleasantly surprised when we kidnap him and put him through the wringer.”
“Haha, that’s a good idea!” Barry’s eyes lit up when he heard that. “We only promised not to produce and sell Rejuvenaid.
“It wasn’t explicitly mentioned that we couldn’t sell other medicine. If there’s really something unique, we can cover our losses and profit from it as well!”
“That’s right.” Alistair nodded his head and smiled. “There must be more than one. Dustin probably has other unique formulas.”
Dustin kept to himself when he did business with the Welch family. This was enough to prove that he knew more than he revealed.
“Eleanor, but Dustin is with the Dawson family now. Don’t you think it’s risky if we harm him now?” Ezra thought out loud.
The Dawsons and the Camrons were growing popular now with the support of two ancient houses. Dustin was quite close to Bo and Lana now. If they kidnapped him, they might get themselves in trouble. 1
“No pain, no gain. If we could recoup our losses and emerge victorious, what’s a little risk?”
Eleanor said nonchalantly, “Besides, Dustin is just a pawn. He’s probably of no value to them anymore. Why would the Dawsons and the Camrons care about his life and death?”
“Well…” Ezra furrowed his brows and thought long and hard because he felt indecisive.
“Ezra, are you scared? Have you turned into a coward?” Eleanor sounded upset as she continued, “You used to be the smartest and the bravest. You were relentless. Why are you acting so different today?”
“This is quite a big deal. It’s not wrong to be more careful.” Ezra smiled sheepishly. Fuck, he’d always be the first one to do anything! All of them would just stay behind to cheer him on.
Of course, they wouldn’t understand how dangerous it’d get. He’d be the first to go down if anything went wrong!
“Don’t worry, Ezra. This won’t be dangerous at all.” Eleanor said with a serious expression, “As long as we do this quietly and leave no trace, no one will know it’s us.
“Remember, there’s an expert on our side. Nothing will go wrong when we ask him for assistance!”
“Ezra, he’s just a nobody. You don’t have to worry at all. You have the support of two great families.
“Just go ahead and do it your way. I’ll take care of it if something goes wrong. “Alistair patted his chest and promised.
Their words instantly boosted Ezra’s confidence. He replied bravely, ” Alright! I’ll do my best and personally kidnap Dustin!”
Meanwhile, In a luxurious private suite in Regal Court.
###Chapter 1480 by Marina Vittori
Dustin, Lana, Bo, and others gathered around the table to drink and chit-chat. Their new company had just launched, and they had already profited quite a lot. It was the perfect end to their day. They decided to celebrate their success at the Regal Court after a busy day.
“Hahaha, what an amazing day! That bitch couple, Ezra and Eleanor, finally failed for once! I can’t help but laugh whenever I remember their faces when they lost.” Bo laughed loudly with his glass raised. 1
He always disliked Eleanor and Ezra. They even went to threaten his sister at her place a few days ago. He finally got his revenge today.
“This is all thanks to Mr. Dawson’s social network. You managed to invite the Fallon family and the Ballard family today. If not, we wouldn’t be this successful!” Lana raised her glass with a smile.
“Hold on “Bo was taken aback and frantically said, “I thought the Camrons invited the ancient houses? How is the Dawson family involved?”
“What?” Lana’s face froze. “Mr. Dawson, are you joking? We, the Camrons, are just a mediocre family. How would we ever have the opportunity to get support from the ancient houses?”
“The problem is, the Dawsons would never have the chance as well!” Bo commented with a curious expression.
He might have used his social connection to gather support from other influential families, but the Fallons and the Ballards were beyond him.
To be honest, he was incapable of doing so. It didn’t matter if his father had offered to help. The chance of success was slim. The difference between a great family and an ancient house was just too huge.
“If it was neither of us, who could it be? “Lana looked confused. She had assumed that the Dawsons paid the ancient houses a handsome amount of money to get their support. From the looks of it now, it wasn’t so.
“Dustin, could it have been you?” Bo suddenly turned to look at Dustin at that thought, his gaze full of disbelief.
“Me?” Dustin chuckled and replied ambiguously, “If even you couldn’t do it, how could I, a poor man, achieve the impossible?”
“That’s right.” Bo nodded thoughtfully. “Only the royalty and the dukes can get the support of the ancient houses.”
“That’s fine. Let’s not get caught up in these tiny details. It’s also possible that the ancient houses saw the potential in Dew Balm and decided to promote it.” Lana looked at Dustin carefully before changing the topic.
She had a feeling that Dustin was a person with many secrets. However, now was not the time to find out about his secrets.
“Alright, let’s drink up!” Bo got tired of thinking. He raised his glass and started chugging down. Soon, they had finished a bottle of red wine.
“Waiter! Please get us two more bottles of your best red wine!” Bo shouted toward the door. A few moments later, a waitress walked with two bottles of red wine, her head lowered.
“Here! Let’s drink!” Bo poured the wine into three glasses and got ready to chug it all down after clinking glasses. However, Dustin raised his hand to stop him as Bo was about to drink.
“Something’s fishy about the wine. Don’t drink it!”
###Chapter 1481 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Looking at the palm covering the opening of the glass, Bo was shocked.
“Fishy? How so?” He sniffed the wine and said confusedly, “The wine has a full-bodied fragrance and a lasting after smell. It’s fine.”
“The wine on its own is fine. But there is something else in it. If you drink it, you’ll die.” Dustin replied seriously.
“Is the wine poisoned?” Bo frowned and put down his glass of wine slowly. He turned to gaze at his bodyguards and asked coldly, “What’s going on?”
It was protocol that his wine would be tested for poison before it was served to him. It’d only be brought before Bo if it was deemed safe.
“Mr. Dawson, we tested the wine. There was no poison in it.” The bodyguards immediately shook their heads to confirm that the wine hadn’t been poisoned.
“I saw it with my own eyes. The test was negative.” Elara, the female grandmaster, said calmly.
“Dustin, could you have made a mistake?” Bo thought it was weird. He could choose not to trust his bodyguards, but he would never doubt Elara. They grew up together and had been through life-and-death situations. There was no secret between them.
“You were testing for poison. But the substance in the wine isn’t poison.” Dustin took out a needle as he spoke and pricked his finger lightly.
He then squeezed out a drop of blood and let it drip into the glass of wine. As soon as the blood dripped into the wine, something blood-curdling happened.
The wine started bubbling when the drop of blood fell into it. Suddenly, there were parasitic worms started wriggling and squirming as they fought to devour Dustin’s drop of blood.
These parasitic worms were transparent and tiny. If they were not moving, they could not be detected by the naked eye.
However, if there was blood, the parasitic worms would be attracted to it and become aggressive as they fought to feed on fresh blood. Everyone had goosebumps as they looked at the swarming parasitic worms in the glass.
“What… What is this?” Bo was so scared that his eye started twitching as he staggered backward. The small glass of wine actually contained so many parasitic worms. If they had drunk it, they would have been eaten alive from the inside!
“This is the zombie worm, one of the many venomous curses. Mystic artists will cultivate these worms using corpses,” Dustin explained casually.
“Zombie worms feed on fresh blood. Once they get into a human body, they will continuously reproduce as they devour human flesh and blood. “If the person wasn’t treated with an antidote, the person who has been cursed will die a slow death.”
“Fuck! This is such a brutal method! Who would be this cruel? How could they use this curse on another person?” Bo was shocked and angry. He had always been cautious.
Nevertheless, there were still things like this curse that he could never prevent.
“It was good that we found out in time. If not, it would have been a mess.” Lana also looked terrified.
The zombie worms could not be detected using a normal test. They would die without knowing the reason if they had consumed without realizing it.
Elara suddenly pulled a long sword from the sheath around her waist and immediately held the blade against the waitress’ neck. She shouted, “Tell me! Who’s behind this?”
“No, no, it wasn’t me! I don’t know anything about this!” The waitress was so scared that she shivered and fell to the floor. She looked terrified.
“You served the wine. Hence, you’re the biggest suspect. You should just be honest. If not, then prepare to die!” Elara glared at the waitress.
She had put Bo in danger due to her invigilance. If Dustin hadn’t noticed it, she could not have redeemed herself if anything happened.
“I-I really don’t know! I’m just a waitress, and I didn’t do anything!” The waitress was so startled that she started crying. Her tears fell like rain.
###Chapter 1482 by Marina Vittori
“Take her away for interrogation!” Elara ordered. With a wave of her hand, two of her subordinates dragged the waitress away. They couldn’t let any suspect escape in a situation like this.
“Both of you, check if there was any stranger in the kitchen tonight with the kitchen staff.
“As for the both of you, check the surveillance footage. Make sure you check every single person who came into the restaurant tonight.”
Elara wasted no time in giving out orders. Bo’s bodyguards immediately did as they were told.
“Mr. Dawson, all this was my mistake. I almost caused a disaster. I’ll gladly accept any punishment.” Elara apologized with a bow.
“It wasn’t your fault. Who would have expected such a wicked method?” Bo appeared stern.
“Have you upset anyone lately?” Lana asked suddenly.
“No one that I can think of.” Bo shook his head. “I rarely go out in public, so I haven’t had the chance to upset anyone. Bo’s eye suddenly twitched as he uttered, “Hold on! Could it be the Welch and Swanson families?
“We caused them a substantial loss today, and they’re upset about it. Could this be their attempt at revenge?”
“That’s possible!” Lana nodded in agreement. Judging from Eleanor and Ezra’s personalities, they would never give up easily, especially after suffering a huge loss. She just didn’t think that it would come this soon.
“What do you think, Dustin?” Bo turned to look at him and asked.
“What else is there to think about? Other than the Welch and Swanson families who are in cahoots, I couldn’t think of anyone else who is this petty.” Dustin gave a noncommittal comment.
“Fuck! These animals are really behind this!” Bo slammed the table angrily, shouting, “Elara, gather our people! I’m going to confront them now!”
“There’s no need to rush.” Dustin raised his hand to stop them.
“If you confront them openly, they would never admit to it. Do you really want to go to war with the Welch and Swanson families?”
“What should I do then? I don’t want to let this slide easily.” Bo was pissed. He was not one to tolerate nonsense. After all, an eye for an eye.
“Of course not.” Dustin replied calmly, “If they prefer to stay in the dark, then we shall meet them there.”
“Really? What do you have in mind?” Bo was immediately intrigued. The mystic arts were much more terrifying than normal assassination attempts.
It was not something that could be prevented. The only way was to find the culprit as soon as possible to end the curse.
“If my guess is right, the person who cast this spell should have a mother worm whose only purpose is to reproduce. There’s a unique bond between the person casting the spell and the mother worm.
“I can use the zombie worm to locate the mother worm. With that, I’ll be able to find the mastermind,” Dustin commented calmly.
“Alright! We’ll do it this way then!” Bo slapped the table. “Dustin, feel free to let me know whenever you need help.”
“You don’t have to do anything. You should just go home and sleep.” Dustin replied.
“What? Sleep?” Bo was caught off guard and confused. Lana and Elara looked at each other, perplexed.
“The enemy is in the dark, and we’re in the light. You’d tip them off if you show any reaction toward it. Just let me deal with this. This curse was meant for me anyway.”
As he finished his sentence, Dustin took a glass filled with zombie worms and chugged it immediately.
###Chapter 1483 by Marina Vittori
The night had grown darker on the outskirts of South City, inside an old and rustic mansion. Ezra paced restlessly in the living room with his hands clasped behind his back, clearly anxious.
To confront Dustin and his gang, he had enlisted a master from the Mystic Arts Order, someone even more powerful than Theodore, although slightly eccentric and unpredictable.
This man had a sadistic side, as seen by the three unfortunate women who had left his presence battered and on the verge of death.
Ezra didn’t tend to show unnecessary sympathy, but appeasing this man with a twisted personality proved to be quite a challenge. The threat to his life loomed large if he accidentally provoked him.
The door squeaked open, revealing a thin figure in a black robe with a satisfied grin. In the adjoining room, there was a horrifying scene: a woman bound and bloodied, her life cruelly taken from her.
Ezra turned away in shock. The master, Caspian Yuletide, sauntered out, visibly content. Ezra cautiously approached and asked, “Sir Yuletide, are you satisfied with the results?”
Caspian replied, taking a seat leisurely, “Not bad at all. These three individuals met my expectations. Tonight has been quite enjoyable, and you played your role well.”
Ezra quickly poured a cup of tea for Caspian. With a forced smile, he said, ” Sir Yuletide, about the favor I requested from you, any progress?”
Caspian responded nonchalantly, “I’ve assigned my disciples to the task, and it should be resolved soon.”
Ezra breathed a sigh of relief. “That’s great to hear.”
Caspian added casually, “Oh, by the way, we have a high-ranking member from the Mystic Arts Order visiting Oakvale soon.
“Prepare in advance and find suitable accommodations for this individual. If all goes well, your family will receive the protection of the Mystic Arts Order. IT
Ezra exclaimed with joy, “That’s fantastic! Thank you, Sir Yuletide!”
The Mystic Arts Order was one of the three major forces in the martial world, alongside the Sword Union and the Celestial Alliance.
They had many skilled experts, and their influence was so significant that they had direct access to the King. Even the four ancient houses of Oakvale were nothing to the Mystic Arts Order.
If the Swanson family could get their protection, they would have a powerful ally on their side.
Caspian cautioned, “Don’t get too excited. This individual has quite a temper. You better be careful when serving them. If you provoke them, not even god can save you.”
Ezra nodded earnestly. “Understood. We’ll ensure this person is pleased and content, no matter the cost!”
Caspian nodded in approval, “Good, you better do well.”
As they chatted, the door creaked open again, and a shadowy figure entered, carrying a bundle that dripped dark red droplets with every step. Ezra tensed at the sight.
Caspian sipped his tea, unfazed by the unfolding events. “No need to be alarmed; it should be my disciple returning.”
With a thud, the figure tossed the bundled package into the room.
###Chapter 1484 by Marina Vittori
The bundle had unfurled, revealing a spherical that rolled out-a severed human head!
“Holy crap!” Ezra jumped back, his face turning pale. To his shock, the decapitated head belonged to one of Caspian’s disciples.
“What?” Caspian’s face darkened, his gaze turning cold. “Who the hell are you? How dare you kill my disciple? You’ve got some nerve!”
“So, you’re the sicko who spiked our drinks with those zombie worms?” A figure emerged from the shadows, stopping at the living room doorway. The dim light exposed Dustin’s face, surprising Ezra. “Dustin? What are you doing here?!”
“You guys suck at hiding your tracks, so now, I’m here to settle the score,” Dustin said nonchalantly.
“Settle the score? Who do you think you are? Acting all tough in front of Sir Yuletide? You’re digging your own grave!” Ezra spat and quickly hid behind Caspian.
“Sir Yuletide! This bastard here is the one I want to deal with!”
“You killed my disciple, and now you dare to seek revenge? You truly don’t know your own limits!” Caspian sneered.
“Do you know my limits?” Dustin chuckled. “Do you know why I dared to show up here?”
“What? Do you have reinforcements?” Caspian scanned the surroundings. “No reinforcements. One person is enough to deal with the likes of you,” Dustin said nonchalantly.
“How arrogant!” Caspian glared and angrily declared, “You dare underestimate me? Today, I’ll make you wish you were dead!”
With a flick of a wrist, a large amount of black smoke sprayed out from Caspian’s long sleeves, pressing toward Dustin like a tidal wave.
Dustin lightly blew, and a strong wind rose, causing a whirlwind of sand and stones. The black smoke that had just rushed towards him was instantly blown away with even greater force.
“What?” Caspian’s expression changed slightly. He frantically waved his long sleeves, forming a true energy barrier that shielded him from most of the black smoke. However, a small portion of the residue drifted toward Ezra.
Ezra first froze, then felt an intense itch all over his body. He scratched uncontrollably. “Why is it so itchy? What was that thing just now?”
The more he scratched, the more unbearable the itch became. In a matter of seconds, his body was covered in bloody scratches, especially his face, which was torn and disfigured.
“Ah!” Ezra screamed in pain. He couldn’t control himself, relentlessly scratching as if he wanted to tear himself apart.
“Sir Yuletide! Save me!” he shouted in despair. At this rate, he might actually die from the scratch wounds.
“You’re truly useless!” Caspian frowned slightly, immediately taking out a bottle of potion and pouring it on Ezra. After a few moments, Ezra finally stopped scratching.
However, he now looked disfigured and covered in blood.
###Chapter 1485 by Marina Vittori
“Mystic Arts Order’s flea powder? That’s cool.” Dustin squinted, quickly catching on-it was clear that Caspian wasn’t any average mystic artist but an elite from the Mystic Arts Order.
“Oh? A mystic artist? No wonder you saw through my moves.” Caspian gave Dustin a once-over; his gaze shone with excitement.
That surprise attack moments ago would’ve been tough for a regular martial artist to handle. But Dustin had effortlessly diffused the danger with a slight breath, showcasing his skill.
“Ah! My face! My handsome face!” Ezra, now poison-free, howled in pain, covering his bloodied face. He roared, “Sir Yuletide! Take him down for me! I want to rip him to shreds!”
“You’re noisy!” Caspian’s face darkened, and with a backhand slap, he sent Ezra flying. He was a master at being unpredictable.
“As fellow mystic artists, why don’t you kneel and apologize to me, then become my disciples? What do you say? “Caspian proposed, a sinister smile playing on his lips.
His disciple was dead, and he needed someone to run errands and hunt for prey; someone as talented as Dustin was suitable.
“Become your disciple? You’re not even worthy.” Dustin sneered, “Why don’t you piss off and reflect on what kind of person you are? Trash like you don’t even deserve to be a human!”
“You’re asking for death!” Caspian instantly flared up. No more words were exchanged; he shot two black shadow-like projections at Dustin, aiming for his eyes.
Dustin drew an “X” in the air with his hand and effortlessly cut the two projections into four, causing them to fall to the ground, staining them with blood. They were two black snakes, severed in half.
“What?!” Caspian’s face changed. These two snakes were carefully cultivated over several years, highly toxic, and extremely fast. Even a grandmaster martial artist would find it hard to defend themselves against them.
Yet, this bastard didn’t even dodge; he just swung his hands twice and killed his precious snakes. It was downright terrifying!
“Who the heck are you?” Caspian dropped the attitude, and his gaze turned serious.
“Who I am is none of your business. Scums like you in the martial world don’t deserve to live.” Dustin raised his hand slowly, pointing it at Caspian from a distance.
“Swoosh!” A scorching white brilliance shot out instantly, like a sword unsheathing and thrusting straight at Caspian’s chest. This move seemed unremarkable at first glance, but it had the power to eradicate god.
“What?” Caspian’s breath hitched as if someone had gripped his throat, a wave of fear instantly shrouding him.
Without time to think, he immediately crossed his arms in front of his chest, exerting all his energy to form a protective shield.
“Bang! Bang! Bang!” There were three consecutive explosions. First, Caspian’s energy shield shattered. Then, Caspian’s arms exploded into pieces.
Lastly, Caspian was sent flying several feet away like a projectile fired from a cannon, crashing heavily into the wall. Blood streamed from his nose and mouth. His chest clothes were torn, revealing the damaged protective armor underneath.
But at this moment, the armor was already in tatters. At the point of impact, the chest armor was deeply concave and twisted, creating a gaping hole.
###Chapter 1486 by Marina Vittori
“What?” In the corner, Ezra stood wide -eyed, witnessing the unbelievable scene. The once-revered Caspian, an elite of the Mystic Arts Order, crumbled under a single strike from Dustin.
Caspian, someone close to reaching the grandmaster status, was easily overpowered by Dustin. It was unimaginable
“What? You’re not dead yet?” Dustin. raised an eyebrow, genuinely surprised. Even with just ten percent of the force, that last hit could’ve taken out anyone below the grandmaster level. The armor took the hit and saved Caspian from getting a chest-sized hole through him.
Caspian coughed up blood, and bones seemed to have shattered. Even with the protective armor, his chest crumbled like twigs, and his internal organs were severely damaged.
“H-How can you be so powerful? Are you a grandmaster?” Caspian questioned, shocked. Caspian’s face contorted in fear as he clutched his chest in pain.
Despite being halfway to becoming a grandmaster, he was defeated by someone so young as Dustin. It left him questioning Dustin’s mysterious origins and immense strength.
“No, you’ve got it wrong. I’m not a grandmaster martial artist,” Dustin replied, shaking his head.
“If you’re not a grandmaster, how in the world did you beat me?” Caspian questioned. “You’re mistaken. I’m not just a grandmaster; you need to add a word in front of it,” corrected Dustin.
“Add a word?” Caspian was puzzled, and then his body began to tremble.
“Y-You… are you the ultimate grandmaster?!”
“Congratulations, you got it right,” replied Dustin nonchalantly.
“No … that’s impossible!” Caspian shook his head frantically, refusing to believe.
“You’re so young; how could you be an ultimate grandmaster? Even the most outstanding prodigies can’t reach such a level at this age!”
For a martial artist in their twenties to be an ultimate grandmaster was unheard of in the history of Dragonmarsh. Caspian couldn’t wrap his mind around it.
“It’s up to you to believe it or not,” said Dustin. Without explaining further, he continued to approach.
“Add a word?” Caspian was puzzled, and then his body began to tremble.
“Y-You… are you the ultimate grandmaster?!”
“Congratulations, you got it right,” replied Dustin nonchalantly.
“No … that’s impossible!” Caspian shook his head frantically, refusing to believe.
“You’re so young; how could you be an ultimate grandmaster? Even the most outstanding prodigies can’t reach such a level at this age!”
For a martial artist in their twenties to be an ultimate grandmaster was unheard of in the history of Dragonmarsh. Caspian couldn’t wrap his mind around it.
“It’s up to you to believe it or not,” said Dustin. Without explaining further, he continued to approach.
“You done yapping? If so, then go ahead and die.”.Dustin showed no mercy as he raised his hand, delivering a powerful strike to Caspian’s head.
###Chapter 1487 by Marina Vittori
“Stop right there!” Just as Dustin was about to finish Caspian, a sudden shout cut through the air. At the same time, a projectile shot out of the shadows, a deadly dart aimed right at Dustin’s back.
Dustin raised an eyebrow, swiftly turned around, and caught the dart with two fingers. Upon taking a closer look, it was a poisoned dart. It emanated a dark aura, sporting the mark written “Mystic”. It was an from Mystic Arts Order!
“Who are you? You dare to attack a disciple of the Mystic Arts Order? You’ve got some nerve!” At this moment, an old woman in black robes emerged from the shadows.
The old lady had a weathered appearance, a petite figure that seemed ordinary. But her eyes were exceptionally cold and sharp, like venomous snakes. It instilled fear in anyone who caught her gaze.
“Madam Beatrix? Madam Beatrix, save me!” Seeing her, Caspian acted like he had just found a lifeline. He stumbled towards her, seeking refuge.
Though others might not know, he knew that Beatrix was an elder of the Mystic Arts Order, a grandmaster martial artist. Unlike regular grandmasters, her mastery of mystic arts had peaked, making her a formidable force with deadly techniques.
Eight years ago, three grandmasters tried to ambush Beatrix. She not only defeated them single-handedly, but one was dead, and the other two were severely injured. Since then, she gained a fearsome reputation, and none dared to provoke her.
“Useless! You got yourself into such a sorry state against a brat like him. You’re a disgrace to the Mystic Arts Order!” Beatrix frowned as she observed Caspian drenched in blood, clearly displeased.
The Mystic Arts Order, known as the top evil sect, had reached a point where its name struck fear into the hearts of everyone. When did they become so feeble?
“Madam Beatrix, you’ve no idea. This bastard is a grandmaster martial artist, he’s damn strong!” Caspian pleaded with a mournful expression.
“Oh? Is that so?” Beatrix scrutinized Dustin, surprised. Achieving grandmaster status at such a young age marked him as a top-tier talent, even within the Mystic Arts Order.
“Young one, what’s your name, and who is your mentor?” Beatrix inquired cautiously. A young prodigy like him would undoubtedly have an exceptional background. If she just exterminated him without thinking, it could stir up a whole mess of problems.
“Who I am doesn’t matter. I’m here for justice,” Dustin responded calmly. This person by your side tried to kill me. Hand him over, and today’s incident will be forgotten.”
“Humph! You sure got the guts to take my men?” Beatrix narrowed her eyes. ” It seems you don’t know the might of the Mystic Arts Order.”
“I won’t cause trouble with the Mystic Arts Order. But when someone crosses me, I settle the score. Otherwise, I can’t sleep soundly. So, today, he’s going down!” Dustin pointed at Caspian.
“You’re one cocky brat!” Madam Beatrix’s face darkened. “Looks like you don’t understand the power of the Mystic Arts Order!”
With those words, she shot forward, delivering a palm strike toward Dustin’s chest. Her bony hand emitted a poisonous aura, enough to deter even a grandmaster martial artist from taking it head-on.
Dustin huffed, and his expression turned cold. He pushed out a palm without dodging or evading, colliding head-on with Beatrix’s venomous strike.
“Boom!” A resounding explosion echoed. Dustin stood unfazed while Madam Beatrix was sent more than ten steps back, finally halting at the living room entrance.
###Chapter 1488 by Marina Vittori
In an instant, Beatrix’s arm felt numb, and her heartbeat quickened.
“What’s happening?” She watched her trembling arm in shock. Beatrix was skilled in both mystic and martial arts and had nearly achieved the rank of a grandmaster.
But now, she found herself at a disadvantage against Dustin. Just how strong was this kid?
“How about now? Still want to stand in my way?” Dustin remained indifferent, hoping to teach her a lesson so she’d back off for certain reasons.
“You’re formidable, young man. I admire that.” Beatrix took a deep breath, suppressing the surging blood within.
“Unfortunately, you’re destined to lose today. Look at your palm; it’s turning black, isn’t it?”
“Your poison is useless against me,” Dustin shook his head. His body was immune to poisons, especially after breaking through.
“Useless?” Beatrix sneered. “Young man, you’re overestimating yourself and underestimating the Mystic Arts Order!
“The toxin we’ve used is lethal even for grandmasters. Right now, you’re infected, and your time is running out!
“If you retreat promptly and seal your circulatory pathways, you might last for a few more days. But if you persist in challenging me, you’re sending yourself to an early death! You should consider the consequences!”
Hearing this, Caspian grinned. No matter how powerful someone was, they had to bow down in front of the Mystic Arts Order.
“Dustin! You’re already poisoned and have little time left. If I were you, I’d kneel and beg for mercy. Maybe you can save yourself!” Ezra mocked, reveling in Dustin’s predicament.
When Caspian was defeated earlier, it had frightened him to the core. Fortunately, Beatrix’s timely arrival had averted a crisis.
“I told you, and you don’t believe me. Go ahead, try again, but this time, I won’t hold back,” Dustin declared coldly.
“Fine! Since you wish for death so much, I’ll help you!” Beatrix raised her hand, gathering a black mist that formed a ball. It expanded slowly and seemed like a slowly opening abyss, ready to consume everything.
Caspian and Ezra instinctively moved back a distance. They knew that Beatrix was about to unleash a powerful move.
“Hold on…” Just as Madam Beatrix was about to strike a cold voice echoed at the entrance. A white-haired, red-clad, and gorgeous young woman strolled in nonchalantly.
Behind her, a group of intimidating figures in black robes followed. These were high-ranking members of the Mystic Arts Order, with some being elders and guardians.
Beatrix’s expression changed at the sight of the white-haired young woman. She quickly knelt. “I greet the Grand Sorceress!”
“Grand Sorceress?” Caspian and Ezra exchanged glances. They didn’t dare to hesitate and immediately knelt with their heads bowed, shouting in unison, “We greet the Grand Sorceress!”
The white-haired young woman paid no attention to the three and walked straight to Dustin, smiling sweetly.” Sir, what a coincidence. We meet again.
###Chapter 1489 by Marina Vittori
“Abigail?” Dustin stared at the sudden appearance of the white-haired young woman, genuinely surprised. The young woman was his only disciple, Abigail!
It was unexpected for them to meet again after so many years, and she had undergone noticeable changes. She had become more beautiful and exuded a profound and mysterious aura; her every move was graceful.
“Hi Sir, surprised to see me?” She smiled.
“Kid, it’s been so long! Not even a call to say you’re well,” Dustin said, intentionally keeping a stern face. He lightly tapped Abigail’s head with his knuckles, shocking the Mystic Arts Order’s high-level members. They couldn’t believe their eyes.
However, contrary to their expectations, the Grand Sorceress wasn’t angry. Instead, she looked a bit guilty.
She charmingly said, “Sir, I’ve been in seclusion. I just came out a few days ago, and things got a bit hectic. I genuinely forgot for a moment.”
The high-level members of the Mystic Arts Order were dumbfounded. What was going on?
Wasn’t this the same person who was ruthless and cold a moment ago? Wasn’t this the Grand Sorceress who suppressed many dissenters with an iron fist?
Wasn’t she the one who single- handedly destroyed several martial world sects opposing the Mystic Arts Order after she was out of her seclusion?
Yet, unexpectedly, in front of Dustin, she appeared gentle like a little bunny.
“Alright, regardless, it’s good to see you safe,” Dustin smiled. The Mystic Arts Order was like a labyrinth of power and influence. He had genuine concerns about Abigail joining them, fearing she might encounter unforeseen dangers.
However, it now appeared evident that she had the skills to handle any challenges that came her way.
“Sir, what’s going on here? Did someone mess with you?” Abigail asked casually.
“Nothing, just a minor issue.” Dustin smiled casually, saying, “Consider it settled for your sake; I won’t hold it against them.”
“Madam Beatrix, what just happened?” Abigail turned her gaze towards Beatrix.
“Well…” Beatrix hesitated momentarily, glancing towards Caspian, who was kneeling beside her.
“You tell.” Abigail nudged Caspian. Though anxious and fearful, Caspian had no choice but to explain the situation. He briefly recounted what had happened, not daring to hide anything.
In the eyes of the Grand Sorceress, he was like an insignificant ant. He had to be cautious of every word he uttered.
“Haha! So that’s how it is,” Abigail suddenly laughed. Her eyes, however, were chillingly indifferent. “Do you guys even know who you were dealing with?
Before anyone could reply, she declared confidently, “He’s my mentor, the one who saved my life, and the only family I have in this world!”
###Chapter 1490 by Marina Vittori
“What? Mentor?!” The room turned into a mess. Beatrix, Caspian, and Ezra stood frozen, shocked by the unexpected revelation.
The idea that Dustin and Abigail had a mentor-disciple relationship, especially with the latter being the Grand Sorceress, was beyond what they had expected.
“How is that possible? How could this guy be connected to the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order?” Ezra widened his eyes, his fear evident. He shook uncontrollably. Eleanor claimed that Dustin was just an ordinary guy. How could he have such a powerful backing?
“If you’re going to take down my mentor, it’s like taking me down,” Abigail declared coldly, walking forward. Her icy gaze swept across the three, making each of them shudder.” Assassinating the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order-do you realize the severity of that crime?”
“Grand Sorceress, please have mercy! Please have mercy on me!” Caspian quickly bowed, pleading for forgiveness. “Grand Sorceress, I’ve seen the error of my ways. I beg you to spare me this time!”
“Grand Sorceress, I’ve been falsely accused. Please spare me!” Beatrix joined in, repeatedly banging her head on the ground. As for Ezra, he was left in a state of shock, sitting on the ground with a face full of despair.
“Mercy?” Abigail’s voice remained indifferent. “You’ve committed countless atrocities and violated our rules. Trash like you is just wasting the air in this world.”
With a flick of her fingers, a black ray shot out like a bullet, piercing through Caspian’s forehead and leaving behind a bloody hole.
Caspian stiffened, his eyes wide. The next moment, his head exploded, and blood splattered everywhere. He was dead and dismembered.
Seeing this, Beatrix paled, continuing her desperate pleas for mercy. “Grand Sorceress, have mercy! I know nothing. I have done nothing wrong!
“I’ve always been loyal and followed the rules. Please, Grand Sorceress, I’m telling the truth!”
“Madam Beatrix, don’t be nervous. I’m in a good mood today, so I won’t kill you.” Abigail sounded like she was sparing Beatrix’s life.
“But while you escape death, you can’t escape punishment. Cut off one of your arms as an apology to my mentor.”
“Thank you for sparing me, Grand Sorceress!” Beatrix didn’t hesitate, immediately drawing a short knife and severing one of her arms. Despite the excruciating pain, she gritted her teeth, not daring to make a sound.
“Sir, is this punishment satisfactory?” Abigail turned around, her demeanor changing from the previous ruthlessness to harmless and innocent, like a diligent student seeking praise from her teacher.
“It’s fine,” Dustin nodded, but he felt mixed feelings inside. After not seeing each other for a while, it was clear that Abigail’s personality had changed significantly.
The previous Abigail wouldn’t dare harm a fly. But now, taking a life seemed as casual to her as picking what to have for lunch, as if it was a common occurance.
Her experiences, particularly the loss of her father, had led to this transformation, which made sense in its twisted way.
However, Dustin couldn’t be certain whether this change was for the better or worse. Was the Abigail standing before him the same girl he knew before?
###Chapter 1491 by Marina Vittori
“Sir, what about this guy? You decide.” Abigail glared at Ezra, who was on his knees. If looks could kill, Ezra would be dead by now.
At that moment, Ezra snapped out of his daze, pleading, “Dustin, please don’t kill me! I messed up; I won’t mess with you again. I swear, I won’t cross you from now on! Please, spare me!”
“Spare you?” Dustin chuckled, “After all your ploys to mess with me, you think I’d just let you off? Does that even make sense?”
Ezra crawled over, grabbed Dustin’s leg, and bawled, “Dustin! No, Sir Rhys! It wasn’t me; it was all Eleanor’s crazy idea! I just followed orders. Please, I’m begging you, let me off the hook!”
“Eleanor?” Dustin narrowed his eyes. ” Tell me, was this attempt on my life payback, or did you have another scheme?”
Ezra didn’t hesitate and disclosed,” Due to the Dew Balm issue, we faced setbacks. So, Eleanor proposed to kidnap and rough you up.
“They’re hoping to extract more of top- notch formula to recover our losses and rebuild our reputation.”
“That woman is cold-blooded. I did her favors multiple times and even saved her life. And she pays me back with this revenge!
“She’s pushing me all my buttons. I’d be in deep trouble by now if I were just a regular guy,” Dustin said, his gaze cold.
“Yeah! That woman repays good deeds with bad. I never liked her!” Ezra nodded vigorously.
“Sir Rhys! Spare my life, and I’ll be your right-hand man. I can help you deal with Eleanor and make her pay for her crap!”
“Eleanor is your fiancée. Are you really okay with betraying her?” Dustin asked in a knowing tone.
“What fiancée? We’re just in an arranged marriage for the alliance between our families. There is no personal connection. Plus, who could like such a conniving woman?” Ezra complained. He’d never be with Eleanor if it weren’t for his old man’s strict orders.
“Given your sincerity, I’ll allow you to make things right,” Dustin said coolly.
“Go back and tell the Welch family they’ve got three days to hand over the precious herb I need. If not, I’m tearing them down.”
“Okay, I got it! I’ll deliver the message! “Ezra nodded repeatedly.
“I don’t want anyone else to know about today’s events. Got it?” Dustin glared menacingly at Ezra:
“Got it, got it!” Ezra nodded repeatedly.
“Alright. Now, scram.” Dustin waved his hand.
“Thank you, Sir Rhys!” Ezra nodded a few times, then hightailed it out of the old mansion. He looked as if he’d been scared out of his mind.
“Sir, he tried to harm you. You just letting him go?” Abigail was a bit puzzled. “This guy still has some use. Let him stick around a bit longer.” Dustin said it casually.
He could have easily killed Ezra, but that would surely cause both the Welch and Swanson families to come at him. He was not scared, but it could complicate things and mess with the bigger plan. So, he chose to instill fear in Ezra.
With Ezra’s words, he could spread how formidable Dustin was and make the Swanson family realize how pointless it was to mess with him. Then, he could simultaneously cut ties with the Welch family. This would leave the Welch family on their own, making them easier to handle.
“Alright, as long as you’re happy, Sir.” Abigail sweetly smiled. A nobody like Ezra was just small fries, and whether he lived or died wasn’t a big deal.
“Abigail, how long have you been in Oakvale?” Dustin changed the subject.
“I just got here.” Abigail spilled.
“The Mystic Arts Order snagged a big business deal recently. Grandma told me to lead the team-a chance to gain experience and enjoy a little vacation. You know, let loose and have some fun out here.”
###Chapter 1492 by Marina Vittori
“Whoa! So many members from the Mystic Arts Order are involved in this business deal. It must be something big! “Dustin exclaimed, looking surprised.
Several grandmaster martial artists stood behind Abigail-some on the verge of becoming grandmasters and others who had become divine-level martial artists.
With such power, which was exceptionally rare, they were more than capable of taking on the Four Ancient Houses. “This is indeed significant because the person who initiated this deal is-”
Abigail was about to speak, but an elder behind her interrupted, “Grand Sorceress! This is a crucial Mystic Arts Order secret. It must not be disclosed to outsiders!”
“What?” Abigail glanced back; her gaze startled the elder, who visibly shivered. “Let me make this clear. This person is my mentor, not an outsider. You better watch your words.”
“I apologize.” The elder immediately lowered his head, genuinely fearful.
“Abigail, forget about it,” Dustin said, shaking his head. “Since it’s a secret, I won’t pry. I’m not a fan of trouble; sometimes ignorance is bliss.”
“Sure then.” Abigail flashed a smile, not pushing the matter further. Revealing this secret could indeed bring some risks for Dustin.
“Sir, I’m feeling a bit hungry. Would you take me for a late-night snack?” Abigail pouted, sounding playful.
“No problem! You just arrived in Oakvale; tonight, I’ll treat you to some good food and help you unwind!”
The next morning, in a VIP ward at South City Hospital. Ezra, covered in bandages, lay unconscious on the hospital bed. After narrowly escaping danger the previous night, he rushed home only to collapse, leading to an urgent hospitalization.
“Doctor, how is my son? Is there any danger?” Barry asked, looking worried.
“Mr. Swanson, please rest assured. Your son suffered superficial injuries only, and we’ve carefully treated them. It’s nothing serious,” the doctor reassured him.
“That’s a relief.” Barry sighed but asked again, “But why hasn’t my son woken up yet after all this time?”
“Your son experienced shock last night, and his emotions were unstable. We administered a sedative to let him sleep peacefully, aiding in his recovery. He should wake up soon,” the doctor explained. As the doctor finished speaking, Ezra slowly opened his eyes.
“He’s awake! He’s really awake!” Barry’s face brightened. He quickly approached the bed, asking with concern, “Ezra, how do you feel? Do you feel any discomfort anywhere in your body?”
“Dad, how did I end up here?” Ezra looked around, confused.
“When you came home last night, you were covered in blood, and it scared me! Fortunately, the timely treatment saved you from any life-threatening danger,” Barry explained sternly.
“Ezra, what exactly happened? Who hurt you like this? Tell me, and I’ll make sure justice is served for you!”
“Last night?”
Ezra first appeared puzzled, then seemed to recall something. His expression changed, and he exclaimed, “Dad! Notify everyone immediately! 2
“Cancel all collaborations with the Welch family. From now on, our ties with them are severed!”
###Chapter 1493 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Barry raised an eyebrow, puzzled. He observed Ezra, who appeared to be emotionally disturbed. Inwardly, Barry couldn’t help but wonder, “Is there something wrong with his head? Why is he spouting nonsense?”
“Dad, stop standing there and give the order quickly! Or our Swanson family will be in real trouble!” Ezra urged impatiently.
Ezra had been haunted by Dustin’s words from the previous night. He might have avoided one disaster, but it didn’t guarantee their safety. It could lead to deadly consequences if they continued associating with the Welch family.
He reminded himself that Dustin was not just a martial arts expert but also the mentor of the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order. With a single command, he could easily wipe out the Swanson family.
In the face of a powerful dark sect and a prominent family, even the four ancient houses would be no match for them.
“Doctor, you assured me my son was fine. Why is he talking nonsense as soon as he wakes up?” Barry turned to the doctor with a barrage of questions. The doctor remained speechless.
“Ezra, we’ve had a long-standing business relationship with the Welch family; we’re already deeply connected.
“Don’t forget, you have a marriage contract with Eleanor. It’s not that simple to break it off,” Barry shook his head. There would be a high price to pay if they cut ties with the Welch family without a solid reason, and Barry wasn’t willing to risk it.
“Ezra, were you threatened?” Barry furrowed his brow. His son had always been composed. Barry had never seen him act like this before.
“Dad, due to certain reasons, I can’t reveal all the details. Just trust my decision and sever all connections with the Welch family!
“And we shouldn’t confront Dustin. He’s not someone we can mess with!” Ezra spoke solemnly.
“Dad, when it’s a matter of life and death, we must make tough choices, even if it means heavy losses. We can’t afford to be associated with the Welch family anymore!” Ezra’s expression was serious.
“Well…” Barry rubbed his chin, starting to contemplate. It was clear that his son had suffered some kind of setback. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be so restless as the heir of a wealthy family. And all of this was connected to Dustin.
The problem was, could an ordinary guy have such capabilities? Or was he hiding something?
“Ezra …” At that moment, Eleanor walked into the ward carrying a fruit basket. “Eleanor, you’re here? Please have a seat,” Barry greeted with a polite smile, maintaining a calm demeanor.
“Mr. Swanson,” Eleanor greeted him, then turned her gaze to the bandaged Ezra, surprised. “Ezra! What happened? How did you get injured like this?”
“Humph! I’m like this, all thanks to you!” Ezra said unkindly.
“Me?” Eleanor was stunned, “Ezra, are you joking? What does it have to do with me?”
“All the trouble caused by the Welch family, I have to clean up after you! No matter what it is, I’m the first to deal with it. Now, I’m injured like this! You dare say it has nothing to do with you?” Ezra said it coldly.
In the past, they prioritized the big picture and tried to please Eleanor for the family’s engagement. Now, he had enough of that!
###Chapter 1494 by Marina Vittori
Enough was enough, and the tension between Ezra and Eleanor was about to spill over.
“Ezra, I get that things have been tough, but come on, be a man! You’re not seriously leaving me, a fragile lady, to deal with everything on my own, right?” Eleanor huffed, displeased with Ezra.
“Whatever! I’m done with your drama. From now on, don’t bother finding me. And about our engagement, consider it over!” Ezra declared with a cold tone.
“Over?” Eleanor widened her eyes, finding it hard to believe. “Ezra, are you joking? Are you aware of what you’re saying?”
“Didn’t you catch that the first time? Let me spell it out-I want to call off the engagement!” Ezra raised his voice.
“Call off the engagement?” Eleanor was utterly baffled. She never expected him to say such a thing. Just the night before, he was compliant and eager to please. It seemed like he had turned into an entirely different person overnight.
“Ezra! Don’t be ridiculous!” Barry scolded. Even if they were to cut ties with the Welch family, there was no need to publicly break off the engagement, turning it into an open feud.
“Mr. Swanson, is Ezra sick or something?” Eleanor cautiously asked. “I’m not sick! I’m perfectly fine!” Ezra snapped. He couldn’t hold back any longer.
“Eleanor, I’ve put up with you for far too long. Do you even realize how insufferable you are? You’re spoiled, petty, and easily jealous.
“Whenever you see a woman prettier or more talented than you, you go out of your way to tear her down. You’re nothing but a toxic person!”
“You… How dare you insult me?” Eleanor was shocked and furious. No one had ever dared to humiliate her like this and to make matters worse, it was her fiancé.
“Insult you? So what? I’m sick of playing along with your bullshit. Leave! “Ezra declared, showing no mercy.
“You insolent fool!” Eleanor seethed, landing a fierce slap on Ezra’s face.
“What the hell! You slapped me?” Ezra shot back, responding with a powerful slap that caused Eleanor to stagger and fall.
Her once fair complexion quickly turned red and swollen from the impact.
“You … how dare you lay your hands on me?” Eleanor covered her cheek, looking both astonished and resentful. No one had ever dared to raise a hand against her. 1
“Disgusting!” Ezra spat on the ground. “You think I’ll still tolerate your nonsense like before? I’ve woken up to reality. I’m done playing the lapdog. If you try anything, I won’t hold back!”
“Ezra! I demand you to apologize immediately, or you’ll face warth of the Welch family!” Eleanor threatened him with a stern voice.
Her family’s influence was greater than the Swanson family’s, giving her the confidence to make such a threat.
“Oh yeah? Bring it on! Do you think I’m afraid of you? I’d rather see the whole thing crumble than continue being your lackey! Fish or cut bait!” Ezra roared.
“Ezra! You’ve gone too far!” Eleanor was furious, her face contorted with rage. She thought using intimidation would make Ezra back down, but she was surprised to find him standing his ground, even ready to go against the Welch family.
“Enough, Eleanor! Go back and tell your parents to return what they owe Dustin. Otherwise, the Welch family will face a disaster soon! Now, get out!” Ezra ordered.
“Ezra Swansons! I’ll remember this and make you regret it!” The door slammed shut as Eleanor left, marking the point of no return for both families.
###Chapter 1495 by Marina Vittori
In the Welch family living room, Eleanor had just returned home and vented her frustrations about the incident in the hospital to her parents.
“Dad! Mom! Ezra Swanson is despicable! He not only wanted to call off the engagement but also wanted to break ties with our family. He even physically assaulted me when I asked a few questions!
“Look at my face; he beat me black and blue. I don’t care; you guys must avenge me this time!” Eleanor roared; her blood was boiling. As a daughter of a prestigious family, for her to be dumped and physically assaulted was intolerable.
“Calm down, Eleanor.”
Alistair raised his hand to calm her and asked, “This is unlike Ezra; he’s usually mature and composed. Did you two have a fight?”
“How would I know?” Eleanor pouted.” I heard he got injured last night. So this morning, I went to the hospital to visit him.
“But when he saw me, he went berserk, hurling insults and even physically attacking me. It’s just outrageous!”
“That’s strange.” Alistair rubbed his chin, puzzled.
“Ezra is not the type to act recklessly. What happened to make him change like this? What’s going on?”
The families have always had a good relationship. Even in the case of minor disputes between the couple, it wouldn’t usually escalate this far.
“Alistair, call Barry and ask what’s going on,” Joanne said firmly.
“They’re not even married yet, and he dares to use violence against Eleanor. What will happen after marriage? Our daughter can’t be bullied for no reason.
“We should check.” Alistair nodded, taking out his phone and dialing Barry’s private number. After several attempts, there was still no answer.
“He’s probably busy and doesn’t have time to take calls,” Alistair tried to reason.
“Busy my ass! What could they be busy with at the hospital? I think they’re intentionally avoiding our calls!” Eleanor declared without hesitation.
“Joanne, what do you think?” Alistair turned to his wife.
“This situation is peculiar. If what Eleanor said is true and the Swanson family is really severing ties with us, there must be more to this. We need to find out what happened.”
“Severing ties? How is that possible?”
Alistair furrowed his brow.
“Our families have been working together for years, and breaking such ties would cause both sides heavy losses. I can’t believe Barry would do something so foolish.”
“If it were under normal circumstances, he wouldn’t. But if the Swanson family is threatened, they might have no choice but to betray us,” she replied calmly.
“Threat? Who could threaten the Swanson family in South City?” Alistair was growing puzzled.
Joanne didn’t answer Alistait but looked at her daughter and asked, ” Eleanor, did Ezra explain the reason to you or give any hints about what’s going on?”
“He did say a few strange things before leaving. He warned me and told us to return what we owe to Dustin, or disaster will strike soon.” Eleanor recalled.
“Wait a minute! Dustin? Could it be that bastard causing trouble?” Alistair doubted.
“It’s likely because of the pressure from the Dawson and Camron families, right? I mean, how else would Dustin get that kind of influence?” Eleanor added.
“That makes sense.” Alistair rubbed his chin. With the Dawson and Camron families pressuring and the Dew Balm as a lure, the Swanson family chose to betray and sever ties with the Welch family. It all made sense now.
“It doesn’t matter what the reason is; we can no longer trust the Swanson family. We need to find a new ally!” Joanne declared.
“Mom, I’m close friends with Elena from the Forrest family. Our relationship has always been good. If we get support from the Forrest family, the Welch family will remain strong,” Eleanor suggested.
“The Forrest family? That’s indeed a good choice.”
###Chapter 1496 by Marina Vittori
Joanne nodded and said, “Eleanor, you go ahead and handle it. I’ll need to meet with Ms. Forrest for a chat.”
“Alright,” Eleanor replied. “Wait a moment … What about Dustin? Do we still need to address the situation with him?” Alistair suddenly asked.
“Absolutely,” Eleanor replied, looking frustrated, “He exploited the situation, created discord, and caused our falling out with the Swanson family. He must face the consequences!”
“To avoid arousing suspicion, we shouldn’t deal with this personally. Let’s hire someone to take care of it.” Joanne suggested.
“Don’t worry, I know how to handle these arrogant men,” Eleanor said, her eyes narrowed. “I have my ways!”
Meanwhile, outside Camron Medicals, a car came to a slow stop. Then Dustin and Abigail got out one after the other.
“Is this your new business, Sir? It looks quite bustling!” Abigail said, observing the scene with an innocent expression.
After the commotion from yesterday, Camron Medicals continued to flourish. Various big shots had gathered there, placing significant orders for Dew Balm.
The reason was simple: the product was affordable, and its healing properties were remarkable. With positive reviews pouring in, business was booming. “So, this is a venture I started with a couple of friends, and it seems to be doing well,” Dustin said with a smile.
“I heard about Dew Balm as soon as I arrived in Oakvale. I didn’t expect it to be your creation,” Abigail said, smiling.
“Our Mystic Arts Order frequently embarks on missions and sustains injuries, so we need this kind of ointment. Can you give me a discount since you’re the boss?”
“Kid, you’re here for business, and now you want to squeeze me dry? Seriously? “Dustin said, pretending to be offended.
“Hehe, well, you are my mentor after all,” Abigail said, playfully poking Dustin’s arm. “Can’t you give me a discount, please?”
“Alright, you drive a hard bargain. I’ll give it to you at the cost price. I won’t make any profit from you. Does that sound fair?” Dustin said, resigned.
“That’s fantastic! Thank you, Sir!” Abigail smiled sweetly.
“The Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order is a penny-pincher, huh? If this gets out, won’t people make fun of you?” Dustin shook his head.
“What’s wrong with being frugal? The Mystic Arts Order is huge, and there are many expenses. If we can save money, why not?” Abigail laughed.
Her words were true; the Mystic Arts Order lived modestly and was not wealthy. With considerable expenses, they were struggling to make ends meet. The disciples often had to take on extra work to support themselves.
“Make way! Clear the path!”
Suddenly, there was a disturbance at the entrance. Dustin turned around and saw a group of imposing bodyguards storming their way in. They forcibly pushed aside anyone in their way, prompting complaints from onlookers.
Upon entering, the bodyguards quickly cleared the path and stood on either side to maintain order. Following them was a woman dressed ostentatiously, exuding an air of luxury. She walked in arrogantly.
“What?” Seeing the woman, Dustin raised his eyebrows, surprised.
The woman was Julie, Dahlia’s cousin!
###Chapter 1497 by Marina Vittori
Amidst the bustling crowd, Julie strolled in confidently, flaunting a designer bag and expensive high heels. She was accompanied by two attentive male assistants and surrounded by a dozen bodyguards. It looked as if she was a wealthy heiress.
“Why is she here?” Dustin pondered. After a period of absence, Julie appeared to have undergone a substantial style upgrade, exuding an aura of affluence but lacking refinement. So, she looked more like a nouveau riche.
“Do you know her, Sir?” inquired Abigail, her curiosity piqued.
“An old acquaintance, but we’re not on good terms,” responded Dustin.
“No wonder… seeing her face, I already feel uneasy,” muttered Abigail, her displeasure evident.
“People of Camron Medicals, listen up! Get your boss out here; I want to discuss a major deal with her!” Julie declared as she removed her sunglasses, her voice echoing loudly.
“Hey! Who do you think you are? Don’t you understand the concept of first come, first served?” a man in a suit complained. “So many people are waiting to place orders; could you please line up?”
“Line up?” snorted Julie as she walked forward with her high heels and slapped the man in the suit.
“Who do you think you are? How dare you ask me to line up?”
“You slapped me? I’ll-“The man in the suit was about to retaliate, but several bodyguards immediately rushed forward and forcefully restrained him to the ground.
“You have a lot of nerve! How dare you touch me? Do you know who I am?” The man struggled and cursed.
“Oh? Let me ask you, who are you?” Julie looked down on him.
“Listen carefully! I’m from the prestigious Carmen family. If you dare touch me, you’re basically challenging the Carmen family. Can you bear the consequences?” The man shouted.
“What? The Carmen family?” The crowd began to murmur.
“That woman is in trouble for hitting someone from the Carmen family. Let’s see how she ends up!”
“Humph! She is just a nouveau riche, thinking that hiring a few bodyguards allows her to do whatever she wants. She’s asking for trouble!”
The Carmen family was one of the Eight Great Families. Although not as powerful as the Langford and Dawson families, it still ranked among the top families. For an ordinary nouveau riche to offend the Carmen family, it meant a dead end.
“What’s the matter? Scared? Release me immediately, or are you prepared to face the consequences?” The man in the suit threatened angrily.
“Scared?” Julie laughed and lifted her foot, stomping on the man’s face with her high heel. She said disdainfully, “The Carmen family? So what? How is that impressive? That’s not even worth mentioning!”
“Damn! How dare you look down on the Carmen family? Who are you?” The man in the suit was furious.
“Well, I am a member of the Moseys. Can you, from the small Carmen family, afford to offend me?” Julie arrogantly declared.
“What? The Moseys?” The revelation shocked everyone. Nobody expected that Julie had such a background. The Mosey family was one of the Four Ancient Houses. As the head of the family, Seamus Mosey had outstanding military achievements and a formidable reputation.
He was among the only three in Dragonmarsh with this uncommon family name. His influence was vast, his reputation was unparalleled, and even the King treated him with respect. If someone could establish a connection with Seamus, their entire family would ascend to new heights.
“What? You’re from the Moseys?” he stammered, disbelief on his face. The Moseys members were usually scarce and stayed in the inner city, so why was she here?
“What’s the matter? Do you doubt me? Open your eyes wide and see for yourself!”
Not one to back down, Julie swiftly took out a gold badge, holding it up for everyone to see. The badge had the word “Mosey”.
“Oh my god! Is that a badge from Sir Mosey? She truly is a member of the Mosey family!” the crowd exclaimed in awe.
###Chapter 1498 by Marina Vittori
“It’s really Sir Mosey’s badge! Looks like her status isn’t simple!” someone exclaimed.
“I heard Sir Mosey took in a god- daughter recently. Could it be her?” another speculated. After the gold badge was revealed, the crowd was buzzing with discussion.
Ordinary members of the Mosey family didn’t have the privilege of receiving such a badge. It was reserved for those highly favored by Seamus. This elevated the woman’s status even higher.
“Ms. Mosey, I apologize! I was wrong!” the man in the suit realized his mistake and immediately knelt, panic-stricken. “I was blind and spoke out of turn. Please forgive my rudeness, Ms. Mosey!
“Humph! Now you’re scared? Why didn’t you act this way earlier?” Julie raised her head high, reveling in the deferential gazes.
What was a scion of a prestigious family compared to her? They still had to bow down before her. This was real power!
“Ms. Mosey, I know I was wrong! I won’t dare behave so arrogant anymore. I have a family to support. Please, have mercy!” the man in the suit pleaded anxiously.
“Slap yourself ten times, and I won’t hold this against you,” Julie declared disdainfully.
“Y-Yes!” The man immediately started vigorously slapping his face without stopping.
“Enough, you can go now.” Julie waved her hand.
“Thank you for your mercy, Ms. Mosey! “The man bowed a few times before leaving, relieved.
“Now, who still dares to make me wait in line?” Julie, arms crossed, glared at the crowd. Everyone who met her gaze immediately lowered their heads, unwilling to speak up.
The Mosey family were a force to be reckoned with; who would dare to offend them? Even members of the prestigious Carmen family knelt and begged for mercy. What about them?
“Very well. Since no one is speaking up, I’ll go ahead.” Julie smirked, satisfied with the outcome. As she was about to cut in line, someone piped up, “Hold on.”
“What? Who’s talking?!” Julie’s expression darkened as she scanned the surroundings.
“It’s me.” Dustin emerged from the crowd, walking calmly. “Julie, doing business requires manners. Your high-handed approach doesn’t seem appropriate.”
“Dustin? Why are you here?” Julie was surprised, not expecting to see him.
“Why can’t I be here?” Dustin’s expression remained indifferent.
“Hmph! You just don’t know when to quit!” Julie’s face immediately turned cold.
“Rhys! Are you following my cousin to Oakvale? Let me make it clear: my cousin is now a distinguished figure who is leagues above you. You better give up on any ideas!”
“Don’t flatter yourself. I didn’t come to Oakvale for Dahlia,” Dustin replied.
“Humph! That’s better! If you dare harbor inappropriate thoughts, I won’t hold back!” Julie threatened.
“Enough, I’m not here to catch up with you. If you want to buy the ointment, you’ll have to wait in line like everyone else, Dustin dismissed.
“Wait in line? What a joke! Who do you think you are? You dare teach me how I should behave? Do you know my current status?” Julie sneered.
“I know exactly who you are,” Dustin exposed without mercy, “A phony pretending to be some wealthy heiress. Don’t overestimate yourself.”
###Chapter 1499 by Marina Vittori
Julie’s expression shifted as she snapped back, “Y-You’re out of line!”
She added, “Rhys! I’m with the Moseys now. I can’t believe you’d be disrespectful. Do you have a death wish?
Unfazed, Dustin shot back, “Cut the crap. We’ve known each other for a while. I’ve got you figured out.”
“Nonsense!” Julie glared, roaring, “You insolent dog! With my status, you’ll never make the cut! I order you to kneel and apologize or face the consequences!
“Dream on.” Dustin scoffed.
“You think climbing the social ladder gives you the right to be a bully?”
“So what if I’m a bully? Do you dare go against the Moseys?” Julie proudly displayed a gold badge. “Rhys! Take a good look. What is this?”
“Sir Mosey’s badge?” With a knowing grin, Dustin asked, “Did you steal it?”
The accusation caught Julie off guard, and she struggled to stay composed. The fact was that she actually stole it from Dahlia’s room.
She thought she could flex a bit with it, but things didn’t go as planned when she ran into the headstrong Dustin. She forcefully denied, “Nonsense! This badge is clearly mine!”
“Really? Then tell me, what’s your relationship with Sir Mosey? Why would he give you this badge?” Dustin persisted.
“None of your business! Why should I explain Sir Mosey’s actions to a nobody like you?” Julie retorted fiercely.
“Hey, watch your tone. If you don’t show respect to Sir, I might tear your mouth apart,” Abigail calmly warned. Though her demeanor remained composed, her eyes were threatening.
Julie felt a chill down her spine and toughened up. “You’re trying to intimidate me? Do you know who I am? Do you know who stands behind me? I can make the two of you disappear with a word from me!”
“You can try.” Abigail suddenly smiled, her eyes carrying a fierce determination.
“Alright! You asked for this!” Julie raised her hand, ordering, “Men! Arrest these two insolent fools!”
“Yes!” Following her orders, a group of burly bodyguards menacingly closed in. “This fool is incredibly bold! He actually dares to challenge the Moseys. Doesn’t he fear death?”
“I bet he has no idea how terrifying the Moseys’ influence is. This is just the inexperienced challenging the powerful!”
The crowd whispered, believing Dustin’s actions had pushed him to the brink of doom. Even elite members of the Carmen family bowed to Julie, let alone a seemingly poor guy like Dustin.
In the midst of the hushed murmurs and Julie’s bodyguards who were ready to pounce, Lana, dressed in provocative attire and joined by a small crew, boldly entered the hall, shouting, “Stop!”
###Chapter 1500 by Marina Vittori
Lana demanded seriously, “Who’s causing a ruckus on my turf?” Her strong presence made the tough bodyguards step aside as she passed.
“Who do you think you are, sticking your nose in my business?” Julie shot back, crossing her arms and defiantly lifting her head.
Suddenly, she realized the woman before her was even more stunning, poised, and sophisticated. Julie grew jealous as she looked at Lana.
“I’m Lana Camron, the chairwoman at Camron Medicals. Everything here falls under my watch,” Lana calmly stated.
“Chairwoman, huh? You showed up at just the right time,” Julie pointed at Dustin and declared, “I order you to kick them out immediately and ban them from here!”
“Kick them out?” Lana looked at Dustin and then back at Julie, saying, “Sorry, I can’t do that. Mr. Rhys here is not only my business partner but also a shareholder of Camron Medicals.”
“What? This guy’s actually a shareholder at Camron Medicals?!” Julie was shocked. Dew Balm had recently become a big deal, attracting attention.
Following Dahlia’s orders, she had come to make a deal with Camron Medicals, thinking of forming a long- term partnership. Little did she expect that Dustin had beaten her to it.
“How about it? Are you still planning to kick me out now?” Dustin asked, flashing a wry smile.
“What’s the big deal with being a shareholder? Are you more powerful than the Moseys?”
Julie took out her badge again and showed it to Lana. “Look closely! I have the Moseys’s gold badge. I order you to cut ties with Dustin immediately!”
“That won’t happen because Dew Balm is a product developed by Mr. Rhys,” Lana responded with a poker face.
“What? Dew Balm is actually his product?!” Julie’s expression froze. How could this be? “Julie, save your effort. Put away your badge and leave. We won’t do business with you,” Dustin said.
“You dare kick me out? I’m a member of the Moseys! Do you know the consequences of your actions?” Julie threatened loudly. After facing setbacks repeatedly, she found it challenging to maintain her act.
“Firstly, you don’t represent the Moseys. Secondly, if the Moseys behave as irrationally as you, we would still refuse to cooperate,” Dustin bluntly stated.
“What is this?! If you dare to refuse cooperation with the Moseys, I’ll ensure your company goes out of business today!” Julie fiercely threatened.
“Now, apologize to me immediately, then sign the contract obediently, or say goodbye to your company!”
“Julie, if you try anything funny, I won’t hesitate to deal with you!” Dustin’s demeanor turned serious. He had shown enough respect to the Moseys, but if she continued with her arrogant behavior, he wouldn’t put up with it.
“Humph! Let’s see what you can do!
Smash this place into pieces!” Julie shouted. Upon the command, the bodyguards immediately took action and started smashing.
“Take all of them down!” Lana wasted no time and ordered her company’s security personnel to confront Julie’s bodyguards.
Witnessing this, Julie angrily exclaimed, “You have the audacity to lay hands on a member of the Moseys! You must have a death wish!”
A loud “slap” echoed through the air as soon as she finished speaking. Dustin slapped Julie hard, knocking her to the ground.
###Chapter 1501 by Marina Vittori
Amidst the chaos, a sharp slap rang out, catching everyone by surprise. Julie, who had been making a scene just moments ago, now lay on the ground, bewildered and disoriented.
The crowd gasped, looking at the scene; their eyes widened in shock. No one expected Dustin to be so bold, daring to lay hands on someone associated with the Moseys.
The key thing was that Julie got that gold badge from the Moseys, proof of her high status. For Dustin to slap her was the same as offending Seamus. Was this guy out of his mind?
“Y-You really dare to hit me?” Julie clutched her cheek. Her face was a mix of shock, confusion, and disbelief.
Ever since she joined the Moseys’ circle of influence, she quickly climbed the social ladder. Soon, she became the popular one everyone looked up to. They went along with her, praised her, and did not dare to say anything harsh.
However, Dustin dared to slap her in public. What was wrong with this bastard? He was extremely bold to disregard the rules!
“What’s wrong with hitting you? You were causing a scene and being completely unreasonable. It had to be done,” Dustin stated matter-of-factly.
“Rhys! I’m with the Moseys!” Julie retorted. Without a word, Dustin delivered another resounding slap, causing Julie’s nose to bleed. “With people like you, the Moseys are truly unfortunate!”
“Bastard! How dare you hit me? You’ve done it now! I’ll make you pay!” Julie roared, grabbing her phone to make a call.
“Julie, if I were you, I wouldn’t make that call,” Dustin calmly advised.
“What? Scared now? Why didn’t you think of that earlier?” Julie snapped. “Rhys, even if you kneel and beg for mercy now, I won’t let you off easily! Just wait for your demise!”
“Am I scared? Scared of your false sense of power or your reliance on others?” Dustin chuckled.
“Julie, have you considered how you’ll explain about the stolen badge when reinforcements from the Moseys arrive?
At this, Julie froze, her fingers hovering over the phone. “Rhys! Stop spouting nonsense! Do you think I’d fall for your tricks?”
“Whether you believe it or not, you know the truth,” Dustin said.
“Stealing the Moseys ‘s gold badge is no small crime. Even if Dahlia forgives you, the Moseys won’t take it lightly.
“If this blows up, they’ll likely use you as an example. Imagine your fate, then. I don’t need to spell it out, do I?”
“Y-You’re just trying to scare me! I won’t fall for it! Stop fucking around!” Julie insisted.
“If you don’t believe me, go ahead and make that call. Let’s see who ends up in trouble,” Dustin said emotionlessly. Watching him, Julie suddenly felt uneasy.
Holding the phone in midair, she was hesitant to make the call, realizing that stealing the Moseys’ gold badge was a grave offense.
While Dahlia might let it slide, the Moseys might not. If Seamus caught wind of it, even her connection as Dahlia’s cousin might not be enough to protect her. The risk was too great.
###Chapter 1502 by Marina Vittori
After all that tough talk, Julie hesitated. If she stepped back now, she would be like shooting herself in the foot. How could she show her face in the social circle after that? Just as she felt lost, a crisp voice cut through the tension.
“Ms. Amberson, why use a sledgehammer on a mosquito? Leave this small-time troublemaker to us.”
Two sharply dressed, beautiful young women strolled in side by side. The one in red exuded arrogance-it was Eleanor Welch! The one in white radiated a cold demeanor-it was Elena Forrest, who had crossed paths with Dustin.
Back in Millsburg, down in the Southern Province, these two first crossed paths in kindergarten. Then, they ran into each other again at General Murray’s estate stables, causing quite a ruckus. Little did they know that after all these years, they’d meet again right here.
“Ms. Forrest?” Julie’s face brightened upon seeing them. Her backup had arrived.
“Ms. Amberson, let me introduce you. The lady by my side is the Welch family’s heiress and my close friend.”
“Nice to meet you, Ms. Welch,” Julie said, extending her hand. Only those from elite families like her could be considered friends.
“Hello, Ms. Amberson,” Eleanor greeted with a friendly smile and continued, “Ms. Amberson, it seems you’ve run into trouble. Do you need our help?”
“Just ran into a bit of a nuisance. I was about to handle it, but you two showed up right on cue,” Julie replied casually.
“Ms. Amberson, relax. He won’t stir up any big waves with the two of us here!” Elena said confidently. She then turned to Dustin and, with a cold tone, said, “Rhys! Are you surprised to see us again? Millsburg was your turf, and I never had the chance for revenge.
“Now that we’re on my turf, isn’t it time we settle the score?”
“Oh? How do you plan to settle it?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“Firstly, apologize to Ms. Amberson and beg for her forgiveness. Secondly, apologize to me and beg for my forgiveness.
“Lastly, apologize to Eleanor and beg her forgiveness. Once you’ve done all that, we’ll consider sparing you,” Elena said arrogantly.
“Apologize? Are you out of your mind?” Dustin chuckled.
“Rhys, I advise you to think before you answer,” Elena threatened. “I represent the Forrest family, Eleanor represents the Welch family, and Ms. Amberson represents the Moseys.
“Two of us are from elite families and one from an ancient house. In Oakvale, who can contend with us? If you don’t want to die miserably, follow our orders!”
These words caused quite a stir around them.
“Whoa! This guy is fearless! He actually offended so many influential families in one go?”
“Two elite families and an ancient house! How is he going to survive that?
“If it were me, I’d probably be scared stiff.”
Whispers filled the air, and everyone looked at Dustin with a mix of admiration and, more prominently, sympathy. He might have a grim tomorrow if he didn’t make amends with these three heiresses today.
“Two elite families and an ancient house may sound intimidating. But unfortunately, the three of you still can’t represent your own families,” Dustin replied calmly.
“So, are you going to resist to the end?” Elena squinted.
“And what if I do? Do you really think you’ve got me figured out?” Dustin remained unfazed.
“I advise you not to provoke me. Otherwise, you’ll regret it.”
“Hmph! Enough of your bullshit!” Elena snorted.
“Since you’re so ignorant, don’t blame me for what will happen! Guards, give him a good beating! Beat him until he begs for death!”
###Chapter 1503 by Marina Vittori
Under Elena’s command, the two groups of guards rushed in through the door. One group was the Forrest family guards, while the other was the Welch family guards.
Both groups consisted of carefully selected elite guards and outnumbered Julie’s guards. They surrounded the Camron Medical guards as soon as they appeared, turning the situation around instantly.
Onlookers retreated when they saw the standoff for fear of getting implicated in the conflict. No one dared to involve themselves in a confrontation with imposing forces consisting of two elite families and one ancient house.
“It seems like you came prepared with the number of guards you have.” Dustin narrowed his eyes, unafraid even as he was surrounded.
“Dustin, considering our previous friendship, I can ask Elena to spare you as long as you apologize and grovel before us,” Eleanor suddenly said.
The more arrogant Dustin acted, the more she wanted to crush him beneath her feet and humiliate him thoroughly! How dare a nobody at the bottom of society reject her?
“Eleanor, spare me your theatrics. It disgusts me.”
Dustin ruthlessly exposed her, “If I’m not mistaken, you arranged this entire setup. “Stirring up trouble behind the scenes, putting on a benevolent front in public, pretending to be compassionate- aren’t you tired of your little acts?”
“Dustin, I’m giving you a chance. Don’t be ungrateful!” Eleanor yelled.
“That’s enough. You can keep that fake persona of yours to yourself. I don’t care.”
Dustin continued coldly, ” Furthermore, the Welchs must return the things they owe me in three days. Otherwise, I will make you pay a very heavy price!”
“You ungrateful, insolent brat!” Eleanor’s expression darkened, and she glanced around. She yelled, “What are you all doing just standing there? Did no one hear what Elena said? Beat him up!”
“Yes!” The guards at the front were ready to pounce on Dustin, their gaze menacing. However, a faint white smoke wafted into the air before they could do so. It grew increasingly faint until it seemed to disappear completely, unseen to the naked eye.
After the guards breathed in the white smoke, it was as if the life had been sucked out of them as they collapsed to the ground instantly.
Their faces contorted in pain as they groaned. Their eyes were bloodshot, and veins were bulging on their necks.
“What’s going on?” The sudden turn of events left Eleanor and her group bewildered. In their eyes, the guards had just collapsed suddenly.
However, the situation didn’t end there as the mysterious phenomenon continued.Members of the Welch family, the Forrest family, and Julie’s ten or so guards began to fall one after the other. There were about 50 to 60 of them in total.
The guards fell like dominos, every one of them displaying identical symptoms. Their faces contorted in pain, their bodies convulsed, and their eyes were bloodshot.
Those with more serious symptoms were even bleeding from their nose. It was a terrifying sight. In just a few moments, the guards Eleanor, Elena, and Julie had brought were all lying on the ground.
“What happened? Why did they all collapse?”
“From the looks of it, they’ve been poisoned, and it’s a highly toxic poison!
“Highly toxic? Fuck! Will we be alright?
The onlookers were frightened as they watched the guards writhe on the ground, distancing themselves even further from the scene.
###Chapter 1504 by Marina Vittori
Although they weren’t sure what was going on, it was clear that the poison was extremely potent.
“What is going on?” Eleanor, Elena, and Julie exchanged puzzled looks, their brows furrowed. The hall was filled with people, yet only their guards were affected. It was astonishing to think that the poison could differentiate between friend and foe.
“Rhys! Are you responsible for this?” Julie was quick to conclude.
“Don’t blindly accuse me. I didn’t do anything.” Dustin shrugged.
“You still dare deny it? You clearly did this, you rotten bastard!”
“Rhys! You’d better hand us the antidote! Otherwise, if anyone dies here, I will send you with them!” Elena yelled.
The guards she brought today were from the elite ranks of the Forrest family. They weren’t only skilled but also extremely loyal.
The Forrest family had invested considerable resources in training these elite guards. She would be held accountable if they all died here upon her return. She might even be punished by house law. 1
“I told you. I didn’t do anything.”
Dustin continued calmly, “Even if I did, why would I hand over the antidote? Don’t forget, you are the ones stirring up trouble here.”
“I don’t care! You’ll be up against the entire Forrest family if you don’t hand over the antidote!” Elena threatened.
“It doesn’t matter. We’re already on bad terms. The worst that could happen is a fight till the end,” Dustin stated indifferently.
“You!” Elena was rendered speechless. She didn’t expect Dustin to be so hard to deal with. He was unfazed when threatened with the Forrest family name. It seemed as if he was intent on letting things worsen.
“Dustin, as long as you hand over the antidote, I’ll forget about what happened today,” Eleanor said.
“That won’t do.”
Dustin warned, “I want the three of you to apologize to me in public and reimburse me for the mental distress you’ve caused me. Otherwise, you’ll be in for more trouble.”
“Apologize? In your dreams!” Elena screeched.
“Rhys! You’re playing with fire!” Julie roared, her expression dark. “Dustin, we’ve been extremely patient with you! If you insist on being stubborn, you’ll suffer the consequences!” Eleanor threatened.
They were of high status, having power and influence. They would never apologize to the scum of society. If news spread that they did, how could they ever show themselves in public again?
“Wait! My body-“Suddenly, Elena noticed something strange. She was about to say something when her legs went numb, and she collapsed onto the ground.
“M-My head hurts!” Elena grabbed her head, looking miserable as she groaned.
“Elena!” Eleanor’s expression shifted dramatically. She was about to help her up when she collapsed, too. Julie was no exception.
They had the same symptoms as the guards that collapsed earlier. Their body convulsed, their head was hurting, and their eyes were bloodshot.
“D-Dustin… What did you do to us?” Eleanor yelled weakly.
“He didn’t do anything. It was me.” Right then, Abigail walked up to them. She continued with a smile, “I’ll be honest. This is my newest creation, so only I have the antidote.
“Those affected by it will find themselves weak all over, have a terrible headache, and finally bleed to death.
“Of course, there’s no need to be nervous. It’ll only take a short three to five minutes till death. So, hang in there. It’ll be over soon.”
###Chapter 1505 by Marina Vittori
Abigail looked just like the girl next door. However, Eleanor, Elena, and Julie felt a chill run down their spines as they gazed at her, breaking out in cold sweat.
Despite her harmless appearance, the words that came from her lips were horrifying. She poisoned them yet was telling them to endure it. What a psycho!
“Who are you? How dare you poison us? “Elena screamed fiercely.
“That’s not important. The issue now is, what will you choose?”
Abigail smiled. “You only have two options. Either you succumb to my poison, or you apologize to Dustin and pay reparations.”
“We’ll never apologize!” Elena declared indignantly. However, as soon as she spoke, her headache intensified, and she groaned.
“I don’t care who you are! Hand over the antidote right now! Otherwise, you’ll suffer the consequences!” Eleanor attempted to continue with her threats.
“Consequences?” Abigail squatted down with a smile and looked at Eleanor quietly. She then said, “Your last name is Welch, right? If … I poisoned your entire family, what consequences exactly would I be suffering?”
“You wouldn’t!” Eleanor’s eyes widened. She was shocked and angry. This woman must be a psycho to threaten the entire Welch family! However, she somehow felt that Abigail might actually carry out such a threat.
“Try me.” Abigail smiled.
“After you die, I’ll make sure your entire family follows you. That way, you won’t be so lonely down there. What do you think? Aren’t I considerate?”
“You… You’re crazy!” Eleanor gritted her teeth, feeling her blood curdle.
“You have five minutes left to think about it.” Abigail put up five fingers and waved them in front of the three women.
She continued with a smile, “The poison will kill you all after five minutes, and it’ll be too late for regrets then.”
“You bitch! I’m one of the Moseys. If you kill me, the Moseys will never forgive you!” Julie screamed cowardly, hoping the Mosey name would instill fear.
“Oh? So what?” Abigail remained unmoved, “You won’t be alive to witness anything anyway. Why do you care what happens to me after?”
“You-!” Julie was exasperated. She was exactly like Dustin, unafraid of threats and retaliation because they had nothing to lose.
“I can’t take this any longer! My head is going to explode!” Elena grabbed her head, screaming as blood oozed from her nose.
Her face contorted hideously from the pain. It was possible that she was suffering the most due to her being the weakest.
“Don’t worry. Take a deep breath. There are three minutes left. It’ll be over before you know it.” Abigail reminded them kindly. However, the onlookers felt a chill run down their spines at her words.
“Handsome, what if something really happens to them?” Lana looked at Dustin, feeling apprehensive.
Abigail appeared innocent and cute, but her actions were insane. If the three women died here, their families would be furious. Everyone involved would suffer dire consequences then.
“Don’t worry. I’ll deal with anything that happens.” Dustin was calm. The women were prideful and cherished their lives. He was certain that they would give in soon.
###Chapter 1506 by Marina Vittori
“The antidote … Give me the antidote!”
“I was wrong. I’ll apologize! Give me the antidote!”
Tormented by the pain, Elena couldn’t take it any longer and started to cry for mercy. Abigail remained squatted, her hands supporting her chin. She showed no signs of reaction.
“My head is killing me! I can’t take it anymore either! I’m willing to apologize and pay reparations! Now give me the antidote!” Julie gave in as well.
Suffering humiliation was nothing compared to losing their lives. It wasn’t the first time, anyway. Abigail continued looking at Eleanor without any reaction.
“Eleanor! H-Hurry up and apologize! This woman is insane! If you don’t apologize, we’re going to die here!” Elena panicked and shouted in desperation.
“If you don’t speak soon, your friends are going to die,” Abigail said with a smile.
“Eleanor! What the hell are you doing? Just apologize already! Even if you want to die, don’t bring us down with you!” Elena roared at her. Why did she insist on keeping up the act? They were all the same and would give in in the end anyway.
“Fine! I’ll apologize! Give us the antidote!” Eleanor said through gritted teeth.
“That’s a good girl.” Abigail smiled and waved her hand. A faint green dust rose in the air and slowly descended like fine rain, falling on everyone. Their excruciating headaches finally subsided as they inhaled the dust, but their bodies remained weak.
“It’s time for your performance now.” Abigail clapped and stood to one side.
“I’m sorry! We were wrong. We shouldn’t have stirred up trouble. We’re willing to pay for the damages incurred here!” Eleanor glared at Dustin.
Although she was apologizing, she uttered the words with a resentful gaze. How dare a lowly scum of society make her apologize? She was going to make him pay for this humiliation a hundredfold!
After catching their breaths, Elena and Julie apologized as well. There was nothing they could do for now, but they would seek revenge next time.
“Forget about it. I’m in a good mood today and won’t hold it against you. Just pay 100 million in compensation for my mental distress,” Dustin stated calmly.
“What? 100 million? Why don’t you rob the bank instead?” Julie exclaimed in shock.
“What? Are you unwilling to pay?” Abigail narrowed her eyes. She said with a smile. “I have over a hundred types of poison with me. Do you want to try them out?”
“I” The corner of Julie’s mouth twitched. Instantly, she was rendered silent. She could only make a call to ask for the money. Regardless, she just had to get through this.
A moment later, several cars stopped at the entrance of Camron Medicals. Soon after, a man and a woman strode in confidently, accompanied by several bodyguards.
The man had a slender figure and was quite handsome. He also had protruding cheekbones. He also had thin lips, giving him a somewhat unfriendly look.
The woman, on the other hand, wore a red dress. She had a cold air to her, but she was stunning. As soon as she appeared, she captivated everyone present.
Even though Lana was a beauty ranked on the Beauty Ranking, she was overshadowed by the woman in red in both looks and presence.
“It’s her?” Dustin couldn’t help but frown slightly at the sight of the woman. That was because it was none other than his ex-wife, Dahlia Nicholson.
###Chapter 1507 by Marina Vittori
“She’s so beautiful and dignified!”
“Who is this beautiful woman? Why haven’t I seen her before?”
“Just look at her posture and presence. She must be ranked high on the Beauty Ranking.”
Dahlia’s appearance caused quite a stir. Regardless of gender, everyone was captivated. Even though there were many beautiful women in the refined and sophisticated city of Oakvale, which was filled with talented individuals, a woman of her allure was a rare sight.
Her cool and noble temperament appeared almost otherworldly. It was as if she had just stepped out of a painting.
“Dahlia!” Upon seeing the newcomers, Julie’s face brightened as if she had encountered her savior. She immediately went up to greet them.
“I asked you to come here to discuss business. Instead, not only did you fail, but you also ended up having to pay 100 million for the damages. What exactly happened?” Dahlia asked coldly.
“I” Julie found herself at a loss of words. She couldn’t admit that she had flaunted the Mosey family’s badge, made a scene, and got schooled, could she?
“Ms. Nicholson, this was what happened…” Elena quickly reacted and exaggerated the situation as she explained.
When she was done, she added, “Ms. Nicholson, we were just offering him some friendly advice. Instead of being grateful, he even poisoned us and demanded compensation. He’s gone overboard!”
“Is that so? Who dares poison people so openly?” Dahlia questioned coldly.
“It’s Dustin and that woman! The two of them conspired all this!” Elena pointed at them. After seeing Dustin, Dahlia frowned. She was surprised. “It’s you? What are you doing here?”
Dahlia found it weird that she felt a sense of familiarity whenever she saw him. “Can’t I be here? I’m also a shareholder of Camron Medicals,” Dustin replied impassively.
“Dahlia, do you know this guy?” Suddenly, the mean-looking man beside her spoke up. This man was Scott Mosey, one of Seamus’s godsons. He was a brilliant businessman but was cunning and would do anything for profit.
“I’ve seen him a few times. We’re not close,” Dahlia said.
“I see,” Scott responded with a smile. His gaze toward Dustin turned colder. Since they weren’t close, he had nothing to worry about.
“Dustin, do you know the consequences of poisoning and extortion?” Dahlia asked coldly.
“I was the one who used poison. It has nothing to do with Sir. If you want to take revenge, come at me,” Abigail said bluntly.
“Dustin, are you not ashamed of letting a young lady take the blame for you?” Dahlia said with a sharp gaze.
“Ms. Nicholson, you accuse us as soon as you speak as if it was our fault. Why don’t you ask what your friends here have done?” Dustin asked calmly.
“Regardless of what they’ve done, it doesn’t justify your use of poison and harming people!” Dahlia claimed indignantly.
###Chapter 1508 by Marina Vittori
“So, what you mean is that only they can bully us, but we aren’t allowed to retaliate? So powerless people like us can only ever be terrorized and humiliated by powerful people like you?
“Is it a sin to even think about protecting ourselves?” Dustin mocked.
Despite losing her memories, Dahlia remained the same. She was still prejudiced and self-righteous. She never got the situation straight before jumping to conclusions.
“I don’t understand what you mean.” Dahlia frowned slightly.
“My people came today to discuss business. As a shareholder of Camron Medicals, you should treat them with courtesy instead of resorting to threats.
“We would naturally welcome them if they were guests. But if they are enemies, don’t blame us for being rude, “Dustin retorted.
“What? You’ve made a mistake and stirred up trouble, yet you don’t feel any remorse?” Dahlia frowned.
“Ms. Nicholson, this was a misunderstanding.” Lana suddenly stepped up and smiled apologetically.
“Ms. Amberson here insisted on cutting the line earlier. She even showed off the Mosey family badge, intimidating us in various ways.
“We resisted, but she threatened to damage our company instead. Dustin just acted impulsively in a fit of anger.”
“Is that so?” Dahlia turned toward Julie. Julie’s expression stiffened but she quickly put on a bold front and explained, “Dahlia, don’t listen to their nonsense!
“I came here to discuss business sincerely, but Dustin sought revenge and tried to kick us out. I was too angry and spoke a few harsh words, but nothing more!”
“That’s right, Ms. Dahlia. I can testify that it’s all Dustin’s fault!” Elena immediately spoke up.
“Dustin was not only acting unreasonably but also resorted to violence. Look at Julie’s face, it’s swollen!”
“Dahlia, I’ve never felt so insulted before. You must stand up for me!” Julie pleaded tearfully, looking aggrieved.
When Dahlia saw Julie’s swollen face with a clear handprint still visible, her expression grew dark. She questioned harshly, “Dustin, were you the one who hit Julie?”
“Yes, but only be-” Dustin was about to explain when Dahlia interjected.
“So, it was you! And here I thought others were pushing you around. It turned out that you were the bully! How dare you claim innocence?”
Dustin frowned, his expression turned grim. If it were any other person who said that, he wouldn’t have cared less. But it was from Dahlia, and her words cut him like a knife.
“Ms. Nicholson, everything has its reasons. You shouldn’t only listen to one side of the story.” Lana hurriedly explained when she saw the situation turning unfavorable.
“Everyone here witnessed the situation clearly. Ask anyone, and you’ll know the truth.”
“Alright! Then I’ll ask and find out who exactly is at fault!”
Dahlia glanced around before her gaze settled on a woman. She asked, “Miss, please tell me truthfully what happened earlier. Did Dustin initiate the fight?”
“Think carefully before you speak. Don’t fabricate stories. If you dare cover for Dustin, you’ll bear the consequences!” Elena warned.
The lady turned pale and nodded repeatedly. “That’s right, Dustin started the violence, and Ms. Amberson was the victim. I saw everything.”
“What?” Lana frowned when she heard her. She didn’t expect her to lie so boldly in public.
However, upon second thought, it seemed understandable. Who would dare offend two of Oakvale’s greatest families and one of the ancient houses?
Even if they did something wrong, it could be covered up with their influence.
“Dustin! What else do you have to say?” Dahlia’s expression turned cold when she got her answers.
She commanded, “I order you now to apologize and compensate Julie immediately. That way, you still have a way out. Otherwise, poisoning alone is enough for you to spend half of your life in prison!”
###Chapter 1509 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin, did you hear that? Get on your knees and apologize to me. Then, pay me 300 million in compensation for my mental distress.
“Otherwise, I’ll make sure you stay in prison forever!” Julie’s hands were on her hips, appearing domineering. With her cousin backing her, she had nothing to fear.
Julie might be a fake heiress, but her cousin was Sir Mosey’s favored god- daughter. He had entrusted over half of his businesses to her.
Dahlia’s current status was no less than that of Dragonmarsh’s princess. Everyone had to treat her with respect. Dustin might be capable, but he was nothing in front of Dahlia.
“Rhys! Dahlia is a prominent figure among the Moseys. You’d better think about your situation carefully!” Elena sneered, looking pleased with the turn of events..
Once Dustin apologized, she would take the opportunity to humiliate him. If he resisted, that would be even better. Because once he angered Dahlia, there would be no way out for him!
Dahlia wouldn’t even need to take action herself. There were plenty of people willing to lend a helping hand.
“Oh, Dustin, weren’t you pretty arrogant earlier? Finally, you’ve met your match. Let’s see how long you can keep that arrogance of yours!” Eleanor muttered to herself, her gaze filled with malice.
“Handsome, why don’t we just apologize? Otherwise, we might get into huge trouble. Being humiliated is better than losing our lives,” Lana advised softly.
She knew about Dahlia and Scott. Both of them were the core members of the Mosey family. They were powerful and influential and could dispatch the Mosey family forces freely.
Dahlia, in particular, controlled over half of the Moseys’ businesses and was set to inherit Seamus’s legacy. Lana couldn’t afford to offend such powerful people.
“Dustin! I’m giving you an opportunity right now, don’t be stubborn!” Dahlia ordered coldly. The act of poisoning is no small matter. But if Dustin admitted his mistake sincerely, she might consider letting the matter go.
However, if he remained stubborn, she wouldn’t bother showing mercy.
“I’m sick and tired of these words. The truth is clear to everyone present, so I won’t bother explaining further,” Dustin said indifferently.
“If you think I was wrong, so be it. As for apologizing and making amends, forgive me for being unable to do so. I’ve never had the habit of submitting to others.”
“A real man will apologize when they’ve done wrong. Your behavior is no different than a coward!” Dahlia rebuked.
She wouldn’t have said anything if it were anyone else. However, she felt a sense of resentment toward Dustin for failing to meet her expectations. She had hoped he would come to his senses rather than persist in his misguided courage.
“Dahlia, there’s no need to waste your breath on people like him. Just have him apprehended,” Scott suddenly sneered.
He continued, “People like him only bully the weak. He’ll come to his senses once we throw him into Azkaban.”
“That’s right! Apprehend him and throw him into Azkaban!” Julie and the other two women chimed in.
“Hey now You’d better not try anything foolish.”
Abigail stepped forward with a smile and said, “If you dare touch a hair on Sir’s head, I’ll kill all of you! And I’ll make sure it will be a very painful death.
Eleanor and Elena instinctively took two steps backward. They were still traumatized by their previous experience. This crazy woman couldn’t be dealt with using common sense. If they pushed too hard, it would only land them in trouble.
“Outrageous!”
Julie glared at her and yelled cowardly, “You crazy witch! Do you know who you’re talking to? This is my cousin. She is also Sir Mosey’s god-daughter! Threatening her is akin to suicide!”
“Is that so?” Abigail grinned and flicked her wrist, sending a black pill straight into Julie’s throat.
###Chapter 1510 by Marina Vittori
Julie subconsciously swallowed. After she realized what had happened, she immediately pushed a finger down her throat in an attempt to vomit the pill out.
However, no matter how hard she heaved, it was useless. The moment the pill went into her mouth, it had already dissolved. At that moment, her expression shifted, and her voice trembled, “W- What… did you just give me?”
“Nothing, just some supplements,” Abigail replied with a smile.
“You’re lying! It’s obviously poison!” Julie panicked. “Oh hey, it seems like you’ve guessed it. Sorry.” Abigail’s smile never faltered.
“You witch! Give me the antidote!” Julie roared.
“I’d advise you to calm down since getting agitated would only speed up your death. Oh, by the way, this poison won’t take effect immediately.
“It will slowly torment you until your intestines rot and you perish,” Abigail explained.
“What?” Julie’s legs went numb. ” Dahlia save me!”
“You witch! How dare you harm a Mosey? You must have a death wish!” Scott’s expression darkened, and he reached out to grab Abigail by the throat.
Almost all of the Moseys practiced martial arts, and among Seamus’s godsons and god-daughters, Scott’s martial arts cultivation was considered top-notch.
Instead of avoiding him, Abigail opened up her palms and blew lightly. A faint white mist billowed out, enveloping Scott.
“Be careful! That’s poison!” Julie warned, but it was too late. Scott’s attack was too fast, so he could not dodge. He could only defend against it with his energy armor. Unexpectedly, the white mist penetrated his true energy and wafted into his mouth and nose.
“Ah!” Scott let out a miserable scream and immediately fell to the ground. His body convulsed as blood spewed from his mouth. His face contorted in unbearable pain.
“Why are you so irritable? Can’t we discuss things calmly?” Abigail said.
“You witch! How dare you poison Sir Mosey’s godson? You’re digging your own grave!” Julie was shocked and furious.
“Don’t worry. Even if I die, I’ll make sure to take all of you with me,” Abigail said with a smile.
“You-!” Julie was frightened and remained silent. Seeing Scott in pain and bleeding from his mouth, Dahlia frowned.
She suppressed her anger and demanded coldly, “I don’t care who you are. Hand over the antidote, and I’ll overlook what happened earlier.”
“Hah… I’m afraid it’s not up to you.” Abigail shook her head slightly. “Dustin, it’s still not too late for you to turn back before things escalate further. If something happens to Scott, even I won’t be able to save you,” Dahlia warned.
“You don’t need to worry about me. Just take good care of yourself, Ms. Nicholson,” Dustin said indifferently.
“Dustin, you know you aren’t a match for the Moseys. So why are you so stubborn?”
Dahlia frowned. “Is your dignity really more important than your life? It’s time to face reality! You can’t afford to offend these people. And there are things you should never do.
“Once you cross the line, only a dead end awaits you! Wake up!”
She didn’t understand why he wouldn’t appreciate her well-intentioned advice. Was it really that difficult to apologize?
###Chapter 1511 by Marina Vittori
Looking at Dahlia’s familiar face from the past, Dustin took a deep breath and said coldly, “Dahlia Nicholson, I’m not being stubborn. You’re the one who thinks you can never be wrong.
“What makes you think everything is my fault? And why do you assume I can’t afford to offend these people?”
Dahlia responded with a frown, ” Things have already come to this, and you’re still trying to argue? I’ve already investigated the matter, and it’s clearly your fault.
“Don’t think you can act arrogantly in Oakvale just because you have someone backing you. This place is full of hidden talents and influential people. It’s not a place where you can run wild!”
“Forget it. I’m too lazy to continue this argument. Think whatever you want.” Dustin shook his head, feeling tired.
There was nothing left for him to complain about when she was exactly the same as she was before she lost her memory.
“Dustin, what’s with your attitude? I’m giving you sound advice, but you just won’t listen! Will you only regret it when you land yourself in real trouble? “Dahlia lectured.
She had been extremely merciful, giving him various opportunities in hopes that he would come to his senses. Unfortunately, the results were the same.
“Abigail, neutralize the poison and let them leave. Don’t let them interfere with our business,” Dustin said impatiently, unwilling to be involved with them any longer.
He felt frustrated every time he encountered Dahlia. It seemed like the two of them were just not meant to be.
“Alright, I’ve played enough anyway. I’ll let you off today.” Abigail smiled and waved her hand gently. A mist entered Scott’s nostrils.
The pain-stricken Scott quickly found relief, but he looked extremely disheveled. His hair was a mess, he was drenched in sweat, and his face was covered in blood. He had lost his previous dignified demeanor.
“God damn it! How dare you poison me? You-!” Scott was enraged. He was about to hurl insults and threats at them when Dahlia raised a hand to stop him.
“Alright, that’s enough. Don’t escalate the situation lest you get poisoned again.”
Scott gritted his teeth, managing to suppress his anger in the end. Even though he was a martial artist, he was wary of poison experts.
Since he was defenseless against Abigail’s poison, threatening them would serve no purpose and potentially drive them to more desperate measures instead. However, he would not forgive this incident easily.
“What about me? Where’s my antidote? “Julie pointed at herself, asking repeatedly. “No need to be anxious. You won’t die for now. To prevent you from retaliating, I’ll have someone send over the antidote in three days,” Abigail said.
“What? I need to wait three days? What if I can’t hold on for that long?” Julie panicked.
“Then, that’s too bad,” Abigail replied seriously.
“You-!” Julie was exasperated but was afraid of angering Abigail.
She could only turn to Dahlia and plead, “Dahlia, what should we do? They haven’t given me the antidote.”
“I trust they won’t try anything foolish. We’ll just wait three days,” Dahlia said impassively.
“What?” Julie’s expression stiffened, and she almost cried. The thought of the deadly poison lurking in her body, ready to take her life at any moment, made her legs weak. There were still three days left; it was pure torture!
“Dustin, I won’t hold today’s events against you. But I hope you won’t land yourself in trouble again!” Dahlia spat out before turning around to leave.
“This isn’t over. Let’s see what happens moving forward!” Scott glanced resentfully at Dustin and Abigail before leaving with his entourage.
###Chapter 1512 by Marina Vittori
“Hey, handsome, it seems like we’ve landed ourselves in big trouble.” Lana looked worried as she watched them depart.
“Dealing with the Forrest and Welch families might be manageable with Mr. Dawson backing us up, but the Moseys are a different story.
“Both Dahlia and Scott are not individuals we can afford to offend.” She wasn’t too concerned about Dahlia since she had a good reputation and usually lived up to her promises. She probably wouldn’t hold this matter against them.
However, Scott was different. He had a notorious reputation in the business world, known for his vengeful nature and relentless pursuit of his goals. Offending a powerful man like him would undoubtedly bring them trouble.
“There’s no need to worry, Ms. Camron. We’re responsible for this mess. It’ll likely be directed at us if they come looking for trouble. The company won’t be affected,” Dustin said.
“Handsome, I’m not worried about implicating the company. I meant that you should stay out of the limelight to avoid retaliation,” Lana advised.
“How long would I need to avoid them? It wouldn’t solve anything in the long run. Besides, I’m not afraid of them retaliating.”
Dustin continued indifferently, “If they choose to let it go, then this matter would be put to rest. But if they insist on fighting till the end, I’ll make them regret it.”
“That’s right!” Abigail grinned. She continued excitedly, “If they try anything reckless, I’ll poison them all to death!”
“I see “Lana paled. She was at a loss for words. Common sense seemed to be a foreign concept to this crazy girl. Was she going to poison members of the Mosey family? If she unleashed her full madness, nothing could stop her.
“Abigail, be careful when using your poison in the future.” Right then, Dustin said seriously.
“I won’t interfere with your decisions, but I hope you won’t lose yourself.” As his only student, he didn’t wish for her to turn into a murderous maniac.
“Okay, okay, I got it!” Abigail hooked her arm around Dustin’s and said cheekily, “I’ll be careful in the future. I won’t randomly kill innocent people. I promise!”
“As long as you understand,” Dustin replied with a faint smile. He then turned his attention to Lana.” Ms. Camron, this is my student. She’s here to place orders for Dew Balm. Can you give her a discount?”
“What do you mean? We’re practically family now. There’s no need for a discount. Just take it for free,” Lana offered generously.
“Hehe! Thank you, beautiful lady!” Abigail cheered, her face lighting up.
“Favors are favors, and business is business. You can’t just give it away for free. Let’s at least charge her the production costs,” Dustin said seriously.
Abigail pouted immediately. She said pitifully, “Dustin, I’m very poor. My family is in dire straits. Can’t you do me a favor? I’m begging you!”
“You little money enthusiast. Even if you’re poor, do you lack these meager stuff?” Dustin was exasperated.
“Of course, I lack them! Do you know how expensive it is to produce poison? I only have a few pennies left on me,” Abigail said with a weak, pitiful look.
“Alright, alright. I already said it’s for free. In the worst case, I’ll cover the expenses myself!” Lana supported her strongly.
“Beautiful lady, you’re the best!” Upon hearing her, Abigail brightened and hugged Lana’s arm.
She made a face at Dustin. “Dustin, I’m underage. How can you haggle with a minor? You’re such a stingy man!”
“That’s right! Very stingy indeed!” Lana joined in, trying hard to suppress her laughter. Dustin appeared helpless as he listened to their banter. He was just about to say something when his phone rang.
###Chapter 1513 by Marina Vittori
Dustin answered the call. It was from Ethan.
“Your Grace, I’m at the entrance of Camron Medicals. I have something important to report. Can we meet in person?” Ethan got straight to the point.
“Alright, I’ll be right out.” Dustin nodded and hung up without saying much.
“Ms. Camron, please take Abigail around for a stroll. I have something urgent to attend to,” Dustin said before walking out of the office.
He had only assigned Ethan two tasks. One was to find the medicinal herbs for treating Cinna, and the other was to investigate the truth from ten years ago. Both matters were crucial to him.
When Dustin stepped out of the building, he saw a plain black sedan parked across the street. The car window rolled down, revealing half of Ethan’s face as he waved to Dustin.
Dustin looked around and ensured no one noticed before entering the car. The car windows rolled up, and the car started. They began moving at a steady pace.
“Mr. Ethan, what’s the urgent matter that made you call for a meeting?” Dustin spoke first.
“Your Grace, I’ve already asked around for the whereabouts of the Iceheart Lotus and the Emerald Corolla. However, acquiring them poses a bit of a challenge.” Ethan didn’t beat around the bush.
“Oh?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, looking intrigued.
“With your connections, is it that hard to obtain two precious herbs?”
“If it were in the hands of ordinary dignitaries, I’d gladly present them to you without you needing to worry. Sadly, those two herbs are not someplace I can easily step into,” Ethan said solemnly.
“Where exactly are they that even you are so cautious?” Dustin grew more intrigued.
“Well, the Emerald Corolla you seek is currently in the Moseys mansion. It’s Anders Mosey’s personal item that he carries with him constantly.
“Since this treasure can enhance cultivation speed, Anders guards it closely and doesn’t allow anyone to touch it,” Ethan explained.
“Anders Mosey? Why does that name sound so familiar?” Dustin squinted, deep in thought.
“Anders is the Mosey family’s prodigy and one of Oakvale’s four princes. He is on par with Adam Spanner.
Extraordinarily talented and highly skilled, his military achievements reach far and wide.
“He is currently revered as the Veros Warrior by the people of Dragonmarsh, “Ethan explained with a serious expression.
Dragonmarsh had five Gods of War, each of them guarding a territory. Among them, the Goddess of War, Scarlet Spanner, was the most famous, demonstrating prowess no less than her male peers.
Meanwhile, the Veros Warrior, Anders Mosey, was hailed as the strongest. He was already a seasoned veteran of the battlefield in his early 30s, having spent over a decade in continuous wars. He was undefeated in countless battles, both large and small.
He had taken down tens of thousands of enemies, being the true adversary on the battlefield. His achievements and records made him unmatched among the younger generation.
Only the Spanner twins could barely top him.
“The Mosey family’s prodigy? One of Oakvale’s four princes?” After a few seconds of thinking deeply, Dustin suddenly remembered.
“Oh! I remember now! Isn’t he that guy who publicly challenged me all those years ago, only for me to end up defeating him in three moves?”
The corner of Ethan’s mouth twitched. For a moment, he was at a loss for words. Unintentional bragging was the scariest.
He almost overlooked the fact that the man before him was the Kirin who dominated all the young talents in Oakvale. He was an existence above all.
“Your Grace, times have changed. The Anders of today is no longer the naive youth of ten years ago.”
Ethan regained his composure and earnestly warned, “After a decade of honing his skills on the battlefield, Anders has become an unparalleled sword.
“His strength is indiscernible, and he’s nearly invincible in one-on-one combat.”
Ethan had sent his message across tactfully. Although Dustin was the Kirin, that was just his past glory.
###Chapter 1514 by Marina Vittori
Ten years had passed, and many things had changed. Even if Dustin was exceptionally talented, his growth was inevitably limited without the resources from the Rhys family.
Anders and the rest of them, however, were different. They received only the best resources and grooming, undergoing various specialized training and polishing. They were ahead of Dustin in every aspect, and that disparity would only grow more apparent with time.
Although Dustin was undoubtedly talented, he was slightly behind Anders. It would be tough to catch up on a gap of ten years.
“I understand what you mean, but I’ve never considered fighting him. I just want his Emerald Corolla,” Dustin said calmly.
“Your Grace, Anders sees the Emerald Corolla as a priceless possession. It would be challenging to take it from him.” Ethan shook his head. He had sent someone to inquire about it from Anders but only received one word in response-Scram!
“Since asking is not an option, we can resort to stealing,” Dustin said as he rubbed his chin.
“W-What?” Ethan was shocked.
“Your Grace, are you serious? Anders’ strength is beyond measure. Stealing something from him seems highly improbable!”
“Don’t worry about that. Just get someone to draw me a map of the Moseys’ mansion. I’ll find an opportunity to steal it,” Dustin said.
“Your Grace, isn’t it too risky? If you get caught, your identity will be exposed. When that happens, countless people will be out for your life!” Ethan broke out in a cold sweat.
The West Lucozian monarchy held considerable power and influence. However, for certain people, they posed a significant threat. As the Crown Prince of West Lucozia, Dustin was naturally a thorn in the eyes of these people.
The chaos from ten years ago was a clear example. It wasn’t an exaggeration to claim that Dustin would be fraught with danger and constant threats of assassination once. his identity was revealed.
Dustin remarked casually, “We must take risks to achieve our goals. Even if my identity was exposed, I’d make sure not to implicate the Langfords. You don’t need to worry.”
“Since this is what you have decided, I can only wish you the best of luck.” Ethan sighed in relief. As long as it didn’t implicate the Langfords, everything else was open for discussion.
“Oh, by the way, you only mentioned the Emerald Corolla. What about the Iceheart Lotus?” Dustin inquired.
“The Iceheart Lotus is in a place even more strictly guarded than the Moseys’ mansion,” Ethan said cryptically.
“According to the information I received, it should be hidden inside Aylka.”
“Aylka is huge. Where in Aylka exactly? “Dustin questioned.
“It’s most likely in … the national treasury,” Ethan said in a lowered voice. “The national treasury?” Dustin frowned slightly. “That truly poses a tougher challenge than the Moseys’ mansion.”
“Your Grace, you must never enter Aylka with your status. It’s dangerous there. Once you’re discovered, you might be unable to make it out!” Ethan warned.
“It looks like I’ll have to seek help.” Dustin narrowed his eyes. It was undoubtedly dangerous to enter Aylka before he investigated the place.
After all, Aylka was not only home to that unrivaled master within the palace gates but also to mysterious individuals with suspicious origins that not even the West Lucozian monarchy could trace.
“Who are you planning to seek help from, Your Grace?” Ethan inquired curiously.
“Mr. Ethan, are you sure you want to know? If you’re truly willing to step into these murky waters, I could tell you,” Dustin said with an ambiguous smile.
“No, no! I’d prefer not to know anything.” Ethan hastily waved his hands in fear.
To outsiders, he might hold a high position with overwhelming power. However, to the truly influential figures, he was nothing more than a pitiful pawn that could be discarded easily.
###Chapter 1515 by Marina Vittori
“Mr. Ethan, your cautious approach is truly commendable. It’s no wonder you are able to navigate the treacherous political scene skillfully,” Dustin teased.
“Your Grace, please, spare me. My life is practically hanging by a thread with me being in constant danger,” Ethan replied with a wry smile.
If it became known that he was assisting the West Lucozian monarchy, he would either be dismissed from his position or have his home raided.
But no matter the outcome, it would be a dead end for him. Navigating the court for so many years, he had offended numerous people. Once he lost power, countless people would surely seize the opportunity to take him down.
“Mr. Ethan, if I succeed in my goals, I’ll consider it a debt owed to the Langfords. If you run into trouble in the future, I will back you up,” Dustin assured.
“”Thank you, Your Grace!” Ethan’s expression brightened. At least he was getting rewarded. With the support of the West Lucozian monarchy, there would still be a way out for him even if something went wrong.
“Mr. Ethan, regarding the map of the Moseys’ mansion, it needs to be done as soon as possible. I don’t have much time left,” Dustin reminded.
“Don’t worry, Your Grace. I will make sure to deliver it to you before nightfall today.” Ethan promised.
“Oh, by the way, is Anders in Oakvale?” Dustin asked another question.
“It’ll be Sir Mosey’s birthday celebration banquet in a few days. He should be back by then,” Ethan replied.
“Very well, I need detailed information on him, including his interests, preferences, personal habits, and any special abilities he might possess. Find as much information as possible,” Dustin instructed.
“No problem.” Ethan nodded.
“Alright, that’s all for now. I’ll contact you if there’s anything else.”
Dustin raised his hand, signaling the driver to stop. He then hailed a taxi and headed back to Camron Medicals.
On the way back, Dustin dialed an unfamiliar number. After a moment, the call finally connected, and a woman’s voice came through. “Who are you?”
“Logan,” Dustin replied.
“Oh, it’s you.” The woman raised her voice slightly.
“I heard from Nestor that you were still alive, but I didn’t quite believe him. I didn’t expect it to be true. You actually survived your injuries. Impressive.”
“I didn’t call you to reminisce about old times. I need your help,” Dustin said indifferently. “My help? Let me be clear. If this is about what happened ten years ago, I won’t be of much assistance.
“Even though your mom helped me before, it doesn’t mean I’ll repay you with my life,” the woman said bluntly.
“Relax, it has nothing to do with that. I just need you to get me a medicinal herb from the national treasury,” Dustin said.
“Oh? Which herb?” The woman was curious.
“The Iceheart Lotus,” Dustin said.
“That wouldn’t be a problem.” Her tone then changed, “Are you sure, though? I only owe your family one favor.
“This will be the only time I will be helping you. Do you think it’s worth it to exchange my favor for a single medicinal herb?”
“Absolutely, I need it to save a life,” Dustin stated.
“Alright, since you’ve made up your mind, I won’t say more. I’ll get someone to deliver the herb to you tomorrow. Just give me an address,” the woman said.
“Regal Court. Just get your men to call me once they arrive.”
“Alright, that’s settled then. Good luck. “With that, the woman hung up.
Dustin put away his phone, looking deep in thought. Getting the Iceheart Lotus should be fine with that woman’s help. The biggest problem now was the Emerald Corolla.
Breaking into the heavily guarded Mosey mansion to steal was risky and likely to raise suspicions. His best option was to enter openly under the pretext of congratulating Seamus on his birthday. He would then discreetly approach Anders and seize the opportunity to steal the Emerald Corolla.
Since there would be many people on the day of the banquet, he would be less likely to be suspected, even if something went missing.
###Chapter 1516 by Marina Vittori
Of course, to be safe, he had to seek assistance from someone else. Time flew by quickly, and three days had passed. During this time, Camron Medicals became increasingly popular, with countless people coming to buy their ointments every day.
Some had initially anticipated a spectacle, thinking that offending the Moseys would surely bring calamity.
However, after three days, there was no movement from the Moseys, and everything remained calm and peaceful. Camron Medicals continued to thrive and made significant profits.
It was worth mentioning that Harmony Healers was rebuilt, and all that was left was to renovate and add the finishing touches.
Dustin only took care of the financial aspects and left the operational details to a professional team. There was nothing for him to worry about.
Additionally, with the help of the person from the palace, Dustin had gotten his hands on the Iceheart Lotus without trouble. All he needed left was the Emerald Corolla, which he had already devised a plan and made necessary preparations.
Three days later, early in the morning in the Inner City of Oakvale, the Moseys ‘mansion was already adorned with festive decorations. The atmosphere was joyful and celebrative.
Many high-ranking officials had come early to greet Seamus because today was his 50th birthday.
As one of the three great princes from a different lineage, Sir Mosey, also known as Seamus Mosey, might not be as powerful as the Prince of West Lucozia, but he had a widely renowned reputation.
He was granted the title of prince at age 35 and retired from the military at age 36. He was known for his generosity, fostering good relationships, establishing schools, adopting orphans, and dedicating his savings to charitable deeds.
Throughout Oakvale, it didn’t matter if it was a friend or foe; the mere mention of Seamus invoked the admiration of all. He was a hero serving both the country and its people, and his life fully embodied the spirit of chivalry.
The only regret was that, despite having numerous siblings, he had no children of his own. He lived alone up until now.
Perhaps, due to this, Seamus had adopted many foster sons and daughters, most of whom were exceptionally talented. Among them, Anders stood out the most.
Anders had been conferred the title of the Veros Warrior, with outstanding military achievements that echoed far and wide. He even surpassed Seamus’s achievement during his prime.
As time passed, more high-ranking officials and wealthy dignitaries arrived to greet Seamus on his birthday. After disguising themselves, Dustin and Abigail mingled within the mansion.
“Dustin, it’s really lively here. All these guests must be pretty rich.” Abigail was excited. With her disguise, she appeared more mature and average- looking.
“Of course. Those invited to the birthday banquet are either high- ranking officials or wealthy tycoons. There’s not a single ordinary person among them,” Dustin replied.
“Doesn’t that mean I could extort a hefty sum if I kidnap a few of them?” Abigail’s gaze wandered around, seemingly searching for potential prey.
The corner of Dustin’s eyes twitched, and he immediately warned her, ” Abigail, you’d better not try anything foolish. We have serious business to attend to.”
“Hehe! I was just joking. I’m a law- abiding citizen. How would I ever do such a thing?” Abigail chuckled.
She muttered to herself, “Only fools would kidnap them in public. I usually act in the dark.”
###Chapter 1517 by Marina Vittori
“Abigail, the Moseys’ mansion is filled with elite fighters. There will also be plenty of influential figures arriving. You must be careful not to expose yourself,” Dustin reminded her sternly.
Even though they had disguises on, there were plenty of extraordinary individuals among the Moseys. If their identities were discovered, it could lead to trouble.
Abigail, especially, was the Mystic Arts Order’s Grand Sorceress. In the eyes of the court and righteous individuals, she was a condemned witch that they would gladly eliminate. So, they must be cautious.
“Don’t worry, Dustin. I’m not a kid. I know what to do. Relax. I won’t put you in trouble.” Abigail scanned the area rapidly, almost drooling at the sight of the wealthy individuals.
“Relax? You must be joking!” Dustin was frustrated and knocked on Abigail’s head with his knuckles. He shouldn’t have brought her here. This little money enthusiast seemed to see everyone as a walking money tree.
“Dustin, look! It’s so lively over there.” Suddenly, Abigail noticed something and pointed at the entrance. Dustin followed her gaze and saw a fully armed, elite guard team entering grandly. Leading the group was a man in his early 30s.
He had sharp eyebrows and a stern face, giving off a fierce, domineering presence. He looked especially majestic and heroic in his gold-trimmed general’s uniform.
Wherever he went, the crowd automatically made way and greeted him with respect.
“Who’s that? How dare he lead soldiers into the mansion? He’s got nerves of steel!”
“Are you new to Oakvale? Don’t you even recognize the famous Veros Warrior?”
“What? That’s the Veros Warrior? No wonder he looks so imposing!”
The crowd whispered among themselves, unable to take their eyes off him. While many people had heard of Anders Mosey, few had actually seen him.
Most of the time, he was stationed in the eastern frontier, only returning to Oakvale to visit his adoptive father on special occasions. Since it was Seamus’s birthday celebration today, naturally, he would be present.
“I’m going to change. Bring the gift I prepared for Father into the hall,” Anders instructed as he entered the gates.
His guards immediately lifted a cage into the guest lounge. The cage was covered with a black cloth, so they couldn’t see what was inside, but Dustin caught the faint smell of a wild beast.
“Dustin, it seems like there’s a wild beast in the cage.” Abigail noticed as well.
“Gifting a beast instead of gold and jewels on his father’s birthday. Interesting.” Dustin chuckled, carefully observing Anders.
He had indeed changed drastically compared to ten years ago. Without prior knowledge of his identity, recognizing him would be a challenge.
“Dustin, is he our target?” Abigail sized him up.
“That’s right. Get your team ready. The Emerald Corolla is on him. But don’t take it by force; we have to resort to stealth,” Dustin whispered.
“No problem!” Abigail took out her phone and sent a message discreetly.
“Hmm?” Anders suddenly turned around at that moment as if he had sensed something. His sharp gaze locked onto Dustin and Abigail.
Dustin was surprised at his heightened senses but maintained his composure. He behaved like an ordinary guest, saluting immediately.
Instead of leaving, Anders headed straight for Dustin and Abigail. He asked coldly, “What are your names?”
###Chapter 1518 by Marina Vittori
As he spoke, his personal guards had already surrounded Dustin and Abigail. Their gazes were menacing.
“Greetings, Sir Anders.” Dustin lowered his head and replied, “My name is Rhet Adams. And this is my sister, Abigail Adams.”
“You look familiar. Have we met before? “Anders questioned. His gaze was as sharp as a knife as he scrutinized Dustin from top to bottom as if trying to see through him.
“When you returned victorious last year, Sir Mosey held a grand banquet. I had the honor to visit and witness your impressiveness.
“I didn’t expect you to remember me still. I’m truly flattered!” Dustin pretended to be fearful. His statement was partially true. It was true that Anders had won a significant battle last year and hosted a celebration banquet, inviting many guests.
Dustin, of course, had no time to attend. It was information provided by Ethan. To be on the safe side, he had memorized the details thoroughly, and it now came in handy.
“Is that so?” Anders narrowed his eyes, staring at Dustin intently. After a while, he finally looked away.
“Seems like I got the wrong person.” With that, he left with his entourage without hesitation.
“Dustin, it seems like this person won’t be easy to deal with.” Abigail’s expression grew solemn as she watched him leave.
To be able to sense an unfriendly gaze from such a distance was frightening. If an assassin were planning a sneak attack, they might be dead even before having the chance to make a move.
“He naturally isn’t ordinary since he could become Dragonmarsh’s God of War. How could he roam the battlefield for so many years if he lacked the skills?
“Dustin said with a faint smile. Anders Mosey was known as the strongest among the five God of Wars. Dustin couldn’t gauge his real strength without actually facing him.
Ethan was right. Ten years had passed, and Anders was no longer the same person. On the other hand, Dustin lacked resources and support from the West Lucozian monarchy, and his cultivation. had suffered a significant setback because of it.
Therefore, he didn’t have much of an advantage when facing similarly outstanding peers.
“Dustin, what if I use one of my poisons to knock him out? Then we can grab the Emerald Corolla,” Abigail suggested,
“No need. It’s too risky. Let’s just stick to our original plan,” Dustin declined flatly. Anders was undoubtedly a full-fledged grandmaster. Poisoning him would be a challenging feat, given his skill level. Besides, his sharp senses would likely alert him of any suspicious activity.
“Alright, we’ll go with your plan.” Abigail gave in without further insistence. Anders may be skilled, but the methods of the Mystic Arts Order could still be effective against him.
“Let’s sit in the guest lounge and observe how things unfold.” Dustin smiled and led Abigail into the banquet hall.
The banquet hall was filled with numerous high-ranking officials, with endless guests coming and going. Dustin and Abigail had just entered when several women headed their way.
One of the women was deeply engrossed in conversation and wasn’t looking at where she was going. She ended up colliding with Dustin on his chest. The woman exclaimed and staggered back a few steps before falling to the ground. She grimaced in pain.
“Who the hell is so blind to run into me? Do you have a death wish?” The woman on the ground cursed. Dustin frowned when he recognized the woman. It seemed fate was playing with him, for he had encountered another acquaintance.
The woman who fell was none other than his former mother-in-law, Florence Franklin.
###Chapter 1519 by Marina Vittori
Looking at that detestable face of the past, Dustin frowned. He had expected to encounter familiar faces at this place. And the whole reason he disguised himself was to avoid having his identity exposed.
However, he never expected to cross paths with Florence and her group in such an unfortunate manner. Fortunately, she didn’t recognize him. Intending to diffuse the situation, Dustin apologized, “I’m sorry for not paying attention just now. Are you hurt?
“Hmph! You must be blind!”
Florence dusted herself off as she got up from the ground. She shouted arrogantly, “Do you know who I am? How dare you run into me? You must be tired of living!”
Her social standing was no longer what it was before. Anyone who offended her now was essentially seeking their demise.
“Hey! You were the one who didn’t watch where you were going! How can you be so unreasonable and blame us when you were the one who ran into us? “Abigail was indignant.
“Who the hell are you? How dare you point fingers at me?”
Florence glared at Abigail, her tone becoming more aggressive. “I order you to apologize to me right now and compensate me for my mental distress. Otherwise, I’ll make sure you regret it!”
“Haha… Trying to intimidate us, are we? If we don’t, what are you going to do about it?” Abigail smirked.
“You wench! How dare you talk back? Do you know what I’m going to do to you?” Florence was aggressive.
“A word of advice-apologize and pay up. Otherwise, you’ll be in big trouble!” Suddenly, Julie, who was standing beside Florence, spoke up.
The Moseys’ mansion was their territory. No matter the person, everyone was expected to obediently comply with their orders.
“I’m sorry for my carelessness. I hope you won’t hold it against us. I’m willing to compensate for your distress,” Dustin said humbly.
Under normal circumstances, he wouldn’t have backed down. However, he had more important things to attend to today and was eager to pull himself out of this situation and this shrew of a woman.
“Your apology won’t cut it! She needs to apologize too!”
Florence pointed at Abigail and demanded, “She was disrespectful to me earlier and must be responsible for her actions!”
“Abigail, apologize,” Dustin signaled.
“Fine, I was wrong. I spoke out of turn and offended you. I’m sorry, okay?” Abigail apologized reluctantly.
“Hmph! Do you think a simple apology is enough? What do you take me for?”
Florence cocked her head up and demanded arrogantly, “I want you to kneel and apologize to me. Then slap yourself ten times. Only then will I let you go!”
Dustin frowned. This shrew was really pushing it. Did she really think she was nobility?
“Hey! I’m warning you. Don’t push it.” Abigail narrowed her eyes. If Florence didn’t appreciate her apology, she didn’t mind giving her a lesson.
“Hmph! So what if I do? I’m a distinguished guest here, and my daughter is Sir Mosey’s goddaughter.” What makes you insignificant people think you can challenge me?” Florence asked, hands on her hips.
The commotion had attracted the attention of quite a few people. And the distinguished guests had broken out into whispers.
“Lady, it’s Sir Mosey’s birthday celebration today. We bear no grudges against each other, so how about we resolve this peacefully? We wouldn’t want to spoil Sir Mosey’s mood,” Dustin tried to persuade her.
“Cut the crap! I told you to apologize! Don’t make me lose my temper!” Florence screamed, completely disregarding the occasion.
“If you insist on being this unreasonable, I have nothing more to say. I have a clear conscience, and I di refuse to believe you will make a scene here,” Dustin stated coldly.
He had been extremely tolerant, even lowering himself to apologize.
###Chapter 1520 by Marina Vittori
Florence didn’t know when to stop and insisted on escalating the situation. At this point, Dustin could tolerate no more.
“All right, seems like you won’t learn your lesson till you hit a dead end! Guards! Guards! These two troublemakers are causing a disturbance! They even resorted to violence against me! Arrest them immediately!” Florence shouted.
Following her orders, guards at the entrance immediately surrounded Dustin and Abigail.
Dahlia was now a prominent figure among the Moseys. As her mother, Florence was considered a distinguished guest who enjoyed a high status. There were not many people who dared to offend them.
“Hold on!”
Just as the two sides were about to clash, Dahlia suddenly walked in and exclaimed darkly, “What’s going on here? Why are you drawing weapons? Don’t you know what day it is today?”
“Dahlia, you arrived just in time!”
Florence began complaining immediately upon seeing her. “These two were deliberately causing a scene. They even laid their hands on me.
“They have absolutely no respect for the Moseys. Hurry up and arrest them before they disrupt Sir Mosey’s birthday celebration,” Florence lied, distorting the truth skillfully.
“Who are you people? How dare you cause trouble at the Moseys’ mansion? “Dahlia shifted her attention to Dustin and Abigail, looking upset.
“Ms. Nicholson, we aren’t the ones causing trouble. It’s your mother who’s being unreasonable,” Dustin said calmly.
“We came here to congratulate Sir Mosey on his birthday. However, as soon as we entered, your mother bumped into us.
“She demanded an apology and compensation. We apologized and were willing to compensate. But she went too far, asking us to kneel and slap ourselves. It’s just too much.”
“Huh? Is that so?” Dahlia frowned slightly as she turned to her mother.
“Dahlia, don’t listen to his nonsense! It was clear that he deliberately bumped into me and provoked me on purpose.
“Just look at him! He’s obviously not a good person!” Florence kept up the act. With the Moseys backing her up, even if she was in the wrong, she could turn it around.
“Ms. Nicholson, everyone present can tell right from wrong. I believe the Moseys are not people who misuse their influence,” Dustin remarked calmly.
Dahlia frowned at his words. The person before her spoke calmly and logically and didn’t appear to be lying. Considering the expressions of those around her, she could guess who was at fault. After all, no one would be so foolish to cause a scene at Moseys’ mansion.
“Dahlia, this guy is deceiving the public! Arrest him immediately and throw him into prison!” Florence yelled.
“Silence!” Dahlia glared at her. “Today is Godfather’s birthday celebration. All the guests here are high-ranking officials and nobles. Can you not make a scene?”
The Moseys had a great reputation far and wide. If it became known that the Moseys were terrorizing their guests, it would have extremely negative consequences.
“How am I making a scene? That brat is clearly at fault.” Florence appeared aggrieved. However, under her daughter’s stern gaze, her voice grew faint as she started feeling guilty.
“I don’t care whose fault it is! This matter ends here. Anyone who continues this argument won’t like what’s going to happen to them!” Dahlia said darkly.
Even though Florence was dissatisfied, she refrained from arguing. Everything she had today was thanks to her daughter. Naturally, she wouldn’t dare go against her wishes.
###Chapter 1521 by Marina Vittori
After dealing with Florence, Dahlia turned to Dustin and said calmly, “Dear sir, miss, I’m very sorry for what happened earlier. I assure you there won’t be a next time. My apologies again for the disturbance.”
After she spoke, she lowered her head slightly to show her sincerity. The crowd nodded in approval as they watched her apology.
As Sir Mosey’s goddaughter, her status was second only to him. And offering a public apology was a level of humility not easily found. Her awareness of putting the situation first made the public realize that Sir Mosey had put his trust in the right person.
“There’s no need for such formality, Ms. Nicholson. We never wanted to make the situation worse. Having this resolved peacefully was the best outcome we could ask for.” Dustin nodded slightly.
“Sir, you are indeed a sensible man. May I ask for your name?” Dahlia asked politely.
“I’m Rhett Adams. And this is my sister, Abigail Adams,” Dustin replied.
“Mr. and Ms. Adams, welcome. You are our guests, so please take a seat upstairs.” Dahlia nodded. As she spoke, she gestured for a waiter and arranged front seats for Dustin and Abigail.
“Thank you.” Without hesitation, Dustin led Abigail to their seats in the front row. They had drawn quite the attention, but luckily, it didn’t escalate into a full- blown conflict. It seemed unlikely to affect their plans.
“Dahlia, why were you so kind to them? I’d have kicked them out. They’re clearly no one important,” Florence complained.
“Are you not ashamed of your words?” Dahlia gave her a cold glance.
“Don’t you know what would have happened if the situation escalated? Once word gets out, the Moseys will be known as bullies. And the reputation Godfather had built for a decade would be tarnished!”
“It’s not that serious. We were just teaching two ignorant people a lesson. What does it have to do with Sir Mosey’s reputation?” Florence thought Dahlia was making a mountain out of a molehill.
“Not that serious? Open your eyes and look around you. Who are the people in attendance today?” Dahlia was disappointed.
She went on, “Creating such an absurd spectacle in the presence of these influential people is a slap to Godfather’s face.
“Did you even think of the consequences if someone with malicious intent took advantage of the situation and spread damaging news?”
As the saying went, “great power invited great scrutiny”. The Moseys drew considerable attention, and they had to approach every matter carefully. They had to prevent others from gaining the upper hand to prevent any potential threat.
“I… How would I know there would be consequences? Besides, it wasn’t my fault,” Florence said guiltily.
“That’s enough!” Dahlia frowned.
“I don’t care what the reason was, but all of you must remember one thing. You must think about the bigger picture today. Don’t do anything that would damage the Moseys’ reputation. Do you hear me?”
“We understand.” Florence, Julie, and the rest nodded repeatedly. They finally realized the gravity of the situation. While they were used to being arrogant in the past, they had to restrain themselves for today’s special occasion.
“Alright, now grab a seat for yourselves. And don’t cause any more trouble,” Dahlia reminded them before returning to her tasks.
As she was now in charge of more than half of the Moseys’ businesses, she had become the family’s de facto manager.
More guests had arrived as time passed. Influential figures were walking into the guest lounge one after the other.
As noon approached, Sir Mosey, the birthday star, finally made his formal entrance. Under the gaze of the crowd, a middle-aged man in traditional clothing walked in with a gentle smile.
He had a slightly plump figure, kind eyes, and lacked the imposing aura of an authoritative figure, appearing quite down-to-earth.
At first glance, he seemed like a regular middle-aged man from the neighborhood. However, as soon as he entered, all of the guests in the hall stood up.
“Greetings, Sir Mosey!” they said respectfully in unison.
“Alright, alright, there was no need for that. Please take a seat and make yourselves at home,” Seamus said with a warm smile.
###Chapter 1522 by Marina Vittori
While speaking, Seamus waved in all directions. He didn’t look authoritative whatsoever.
“That’s the legendary Sir Mosey? He looks different from what I imagined.” Abigail was puzzled as she gazed at the friendly, plump man in front of her.
She had imagined a prince to be imposing and dignified. A figure that would command respect with just a glance. She was slightly disappointed with Seamus’ appearance and temperament.
“Are you thinking that he doesn’t match the image of a prince?” Dustin asked with a smile.
“Yeah, he looks no different from a regular guy. Quite a contrast to Anders. “Abigail nodded.
“Your judgment might be a bit off.”
Dustin shook his head. “Anders is indeed impressive. Even so, his success is ultimately rooted in the support of an influential figure. That gives him not only a head start but a relatively smooth path.
“Sir Mosey, on the other hand, built himself from the bottom up. He rose to the status of a prince solely through his efforts. He is the true hero!”
Anders owed a considerable portion of his success to Sir Mosey’s connections and resources, making the two incomparable. “That does make sense.” Abigail nodded thoughtfully.
“As for his image, it’s simply not something someone of Sir Mosey’s caliber would concern themselves with.
Dustin sighed regretfully. “In fact, things like fame, wealth, prestige, and even power have lost much importance to them.”
“What could be more important than money?” Abigail asked.
“They care more about relationships and emotional fulfillment,” Dustin replied. It suddenly clicked for Abigail. “Oh, I understand now. So, that’s why he took in so many godsons and goddaughters.”
“I guess you can say that.” Dustin smiled.
“By the way, Dustin, how do you know so much?” Abigail was curious.
“Me? I was just guessing.” Dustin shrugged. For some people, relationships were just more important as they aged. They might have been indifferent in their youth, but relationships would take precedence over everything else in their later years.
“Ladies and gentlemen, it is truly an honor to host you at my modest home today. Kindly pardon any shortcomings on our part.”
As Seamus walked through the entrance, he greeted everyone back with courteous nods. Regardless of the guests’ status or influence, he treated everyone equally without a hint of favoritism. After exchanging pleasantries, Seamus finally took his seat.
Right then, Anders, who was now dressed in casual attire, strode into the room confidently. His entrance attracted everyone’s attention.
“Godfather, it’s your big day today. I wish you good health and a long life!” Anders greeted respectfully with a salute.
“Anders, you’re an important figure who guards the eastern frontiers. There was no need for you to rush home for such a small event,” Seamus said meaningfully.
“Your birthday is no small event to me. Besides, the eastern frontier is under control. There shouldn’t be any issues. There’s no need to worry, Godfather,” Anders replied respectfully.
“That’s good to hear,” Seamus nodded.
“Godfather, this time, I brought home a special gift from the eastern frontier as your birthday gift. I hope you like it,” Anders clapped his hands as he spoke.
Soon, a group of burly men carried a cage inside. It was covered with a black cloth. They lowered the cage to the ground, and it landed with a resounding thud. The impact shook the drinks on the table.
“Godfather, please have a look!”
Anders grabbed the black cloth and pulled it down forcefully, revealing the contents of the cage to everyone.
###Chapter 1523 by Marina Vittori
When the black cloth fell, a stir swept through the crowd. They were astonished to discover that the iron cage contained a ferocious beast-a creature resembling a tiger but with a much larger build.
It had pitch-black fur that emitted a metallic sheen and two long protruding fangs. Each was about a foot in length, resembling sharp swords. The claws on its paws extended like steel talons with traces of blood and flesh clinging to them.
It looked extremely intimidating, sending shivers down the spines of the onlookers. Fortunately, the beast remained in a deep slumber, displaying no signs of aggression.
“Godfather, this is an Onyxclaw that I captured from the ancient forests of the eastern frontier. It is the king of beasts and is extremely ferocious.
“It’s not only powerful, but its fur is also incredibly tough, immune to blades and bullets. It’s truly a rare creature.
“It took me quite the effort to capture this creature successfully. Do you like it?” Anders declared loudly as he patted the Onyxclaw’s head.
“Well done! My son is indeed a courageous man to be able to capture such a rare and formidable beast. I’m pleased.” Seamus laughed heartily.
“As expected of the Veros Warrior. It’s incredible that he was able to capture an Onyxclaw to keep as a pet!”
“Who else in Oakvale could do what he did?”
The guests showered Anders with praises. While traditional birthday gifts consisted of gold, silver, antiques, and the like, Anders had presented a rare beast as a gift. This unexpected choice highlighted his exceptional talents.
“Godfather, legend says that an Onyxclaw has spiritual abilities and is capable of distinguishing between good and evil. It can protect you if you keep it by your side,” Anders explained.
“Oh? Is that so?” Seamus was surprised.
“If you don’t believe me, you can try it out,” Anders said with a smile.
“And how should I do that?” Seamus was curious.
“It’s simple. I’ll open the cage later and release the Onyxclaw. It could detect a wicked person’s presence immediately, “Anders answered.
“Release the Onyxclaw?” Seamus raised an eyebrow. He was hesitant.
“Isn’t that too risky? It’ll be bad if it loses control and harms the guests.”
“There’s no need to worry, Godfather. I’ve tamed the Onyxclaw. Unless it encounters an extremely treacherous bastard, it won’t harm anyone. Besides, with me here, it wouldn’t dare act out of line.” Anders was confident.
“What do you all think?” Instead of responding directly, Seamus turned his attention to the crowd.
“It won’t hurt to try. It’s a rare opportunity for us to see such an exotic beast.”
“I agree. With the Veros Warrior here, I’m sure we’ll be safe.”
“Sir Mosey, since the beast has spiritual abilities, it might even unveil a few wrongdoers.”
The crowd expressed their support. While they’d seen plenty of treasure, it was the first time they’d seen an exotic beast of its kind. Since they had the chance to experience something new, they were unwilling to pass it up.
After all, there were numerous guards present, and they were Dragonmarsh’s strongest protectors. No matter how ferocious the beast was, they believed that the creature wouldn’t create much trouble.
“Alright, since everyone seems interested, let’s give it a try.”
Seamus nodded with a smile. “Anders, open up the cage and let the guests have a closer look. But be sure to ensure their safety at all times and prevent anyone from getting hurt.”
“Understood.” Anders answered and immediately asked for someone to unlock the cage.
After the cage opened, he took out a vial and twirled it in front of the beast’s nose. Soon, a faint green smoke emanated from the vial, wafting slowly through its nostrils.
###Chapter 1524 by Marina Vittori
After a moment, the slumbering Onyxclaw slowly opened its eyes. At the same time, a fully armed team of guards surrounded it, keeping vigilant for a reaction. They would restrain it immediately if they noticed any abnormality or aggressive behavior.
The Onyxclaw seemed aware of its surrounding threat and dared not make any sudden movements. It laid down obediently in the presence of the guards.
“Come out!” Anders shouted. The Onyxclaw snorted and walked leisurely out of the iron cage. Its massive body resembled a tiny mountain, giving off oppressive dominance.
Anders, tall as he was, appeared small in front of the Onyxclaw. It seemed as though it could swallow him in a single gulp.
“I heard you can discern good from evil. Now, show everyone your abilities. Of course, if you dare to misbehave, I’ll have you slaughtered for soup!” Anders ordered coldly.
Upon hearing this, the Onyxclaw’s fur bristled slightly. It instinctively moved away from Anders, clearly fearful of him.
“Go on.” Anders patted its body. The Onyxclaw dared not disobey and started roaming around under the surveillance of the guards. It occasionally sniffed the air as if looking for something.
Gazing at the Onxyclaw’s massive figure, many high-ranking officials and noblemen were both excited and nervous. After all, a creature of its kind was a rare sight. If they keep one as a pet, it would be a significant show of power.
“This thing looks really terrifying. Thank goodness the Veros Warrior has tamed it. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have dared get this close.”
“Considering its size, it’s probably two or three times larger than a regular tiger. It would just need one bite to eat a person whole.”
“Wow! This is truly exhilarating!”
The crowd whispered among themselves, expressing all kinds of emotions. Some were fearful, some were delighted, while others were amazed. A few daring youths even reached out to touch its fur.
While the Onyxclaw was displeased, it refrained from making a huge reaction. On the contrary, those who touched the Onyxclaw’s fur were ecstatic, their faces filled with pride.
“Dustin, can this Onyxclaw really tell good from evil as Anders claimed?” Abigail asked in a whisper.
“While it’s true that the Onyxclaw possesses spiritual abilities, it only has the intelligence of a ten-year-old child. If even humans find it challenging to tell good from evil, how could a beast pull off such a feat?” Dustin shook his head slightly.
“If that’s the case, why is Anders putting on this show?” Abigail was puzzled.
“We’ll find out soon enough,” Dustin replied with a faint smile. The West Lucozian monarchy used to keep exotic beasts too. Those beasts were highly intelligent creatures.
Even though they couldn’t speak, they were able to understand the human language with some training. The more docile beasts could even aid in combat. But that was about it.
Claims of them being able to distinguish good from evil were often exaggerated. And some exotic animal traffickers were able to inflate the prices of these creatures with the help of those rumors.
The attention-grabbing Onxyclaw continued to move through the crowd without stopping. It was only when it reached Dustin and Abigail that it suddenly stopped.
Its dark pupils emitted an eerie gaze as it stared directly at them. Its unusual behavior drew the crowd’s attention, and even Dustin felt slightly uneasy.
It couldn’t be. Was this beast really that impressive?
###Chapter 1525 by Marina Vittori
Abigail was weirded out and felt uneasy as she watched the Onyxclaw come to a stop. She wasn’t afraid. She was just worried that her identity would be exposed.
“Dustin, didn’t you say it couldn’t distinguish between good and evil? Why did it stop in front of us? Did it realize something?” Abigail squeaked through her teeth.
“It’s just a coincidence. Don’t worry, relax. It’ll leave soon,” Dustin reassured her gently. He had just finished speaking when the Onyxclaw suddenly lowered its head, and its long canine almost touched Dustin’s head.
It breathed heavily onto Dustin’s face. It felt warm but gave off a pungent smell. Dustin held his breath and muttered silently, “Buddy, you’d better not mess around, or I’ll kill you.”
Seemingly sensing Dustin’s threat, the Onyxclaw snorted and shifted its massive head toward Abigail. She clenched her fists, barely holding back the urge to strike.
The Onyxclaw was close to the size of an elephant. With its proximity, one bite could easily snap off Abigail’s head. This creature was stepping out of line.
“What’s going on? Why did the Onyxclaw stop in front of them? Are they the so-called wicked people?”
“Let’s see what it does next. If it acts further, their identities might indeed be suspicious.”
The guests whispered amongst themselves and pointed fingers. Since the Onyxclaw moved through the large crowd earlier without incident, it was odd that it chose to stop in front of Dustin and Abigail.
“Hmph! I knew from the start that they were no good. The Onyxcalw just confirmed my suspicions!” Florence crossed her arms, looking as arrogant as usual.
“It would be thrilling to watch the Onyxclaw bite off their heads,” Julie muttered to herself with an expectant look.
Dahlia, however, remained expressionless and showed no reaction. She still thought that Anders was merely putting on a show. How could a beast possibly discern right from wrong?
The atmosphere was growing tense when the Onyxclaw made a move again. It didn’t attempt anything special. It simply sniffed the air near Dustin and Abigail before turning around and walking away. Dustin and Abigail exchanged a relieved glance. That was close. Their cover was almost blown!
If the Onyxclaw had been aggressive toward them, they would have had to defend themselves, complicating the situation.
“Huh? Why didn’t the Onyxclaw eat them?” Florence frowned, displeased. She was still resentful at being bumped into and had hoped that the Onyxclaw would attack the two.
“Here it comes. It’s coming over. Should we try touching it?” Julie was nervously excited. If she could just touch the ferocious beast, she would have a thrilling tale to share for many years.
“We can try. After all, someone already touched it earlier. It should be fine.” Florence nodded.
“Nice, let me be a star for the day!” As the Onyxclaw approached, Julie took a deep breath and summoned the courage to reach out and touch it.
However, at that moment, something seemed to have set the Onyxclaw off. It let out a low growl and suddenly turned aggressive.
With a swift motion, it bit onto Julie’s outstretched arm.
“Ah!” Julie was stunned and didn’t fully process the situation at first. Only when she felt an intense pain shoot through her did she let out a piercing scream.
Mid-scream, the Onyxclaw swung its head violently, tearing Julie’s arm off. The tremendous force sent her flying several feet, and she crashed heavily to the ground.
In an instant, blood sprayed from her severed arm.
“Ah! My arm! My arm!”
###Chapter 1526 by Marina Vittori
Julie clutched her severed arm, screaming in agony. She couldn’t have dreamt that the Onyxclaw would suddenly attack.
“What’s going on?” Everyone was stunned by this turn of events. The Onyxclaw had been docile the entire time, showing no signs of aggression even when others had touched it. Why did it suddenly go berserk? Was the woman some heinous criminal?
The crowd was still when the Onyxclaw’s beastly pupils turned a bloody red. Instead of targeting Julie, it shifted its attention to Dahlia, baring its teeth and displaying a fierce expression.
The Onyxclaw let out a piercing roar, and its massive body lunged toward Dahlia.
“Quick, stop it!” Anders roared. The prepared guards immediately threw out a large steel net, securely trapping the Onyxclaw. Following that, they fired a barrage of potent tranquilizer darts at the creature.
However, the Onyxclaw had gone completely crazy and turned exceptionally irritable. Its massive body writhed violently, and its sharp claws tore through the specially made steel net with ease.
“Attack it together!” Witnessing this, the guards didn’t hesitate and pulled out their weapons. They attempted to use force to subdue the beast.
However, the guards were no match for the Onyxclaw’s speed and strength. Those who approached were sent flying with a single swipe.
In just a few seconds, the team of guards of over ten people was scattered on the ground, defeated. Some of them were dead, while others were injured.
After dealing with the guards, the Onyxclaw ignored everything else and continued to charge toward Dahlia. It was as if there was some deep-seated enmity between them.
“Help! Someone, come quickly!” Florence fell to the ground in shock, screaming repeatedly. Dahlia paled, expressing a mix of shock and fear. She couldn’t understand why the Onyxclaw singled her out when she hadn’t done anything.
The Onyxclaw roared ferociously and charged relentlessly. Dahlia felt a sense of despair, and her mind went blank.
Just when it seemed like the Onyxclaw was on the brink of tearing her apart, a figure suddenly descended from above, blocking its path.
A forceful punch landed on its head, producing a thunderous boom. The impact sent the massive beast flying several meters away.
It was as if it had been hit by a train. It crashed through two tables before finally coming to a stop. Dustin stood in front of Dahlia and declared coldly, “Evil beast! Don’t even think of harming anyone else!”
Undeterred, the Onyxclaw shook its head and stood up again. It took a menacing step forward and turned into a ghostly shadow, lunging at Dustin. Dustin snorted and leaped into the air, evading its attack. At the same time, he stomped on its head.
The Onyxclaw that had just soared into the air swiftly plummeted to the ground. The impact left a sizable crater.
Dustin stood on its head, unmoving as a mountain, even as the beast struggled violently.
For a moment, the crowd was in shock.
###Chapter 1527 by Marina Vittori
With its head forcefully pressed into the ground, the Onyxclaw’s furious roars were deafening. Its body thrashed wildly, and its limbs pounded the ground incessantly, sending gravel flying and leaving claw marks everywhere.
However, regardless of how hard it thrashed, it couldn’t break free. Dustin stood like an immovable force, completely subduing the beast.
The crowd was dumbfounded by what they were seeing. Nobody expected Dustin to be so strong that he could subdue the immensely powerful Onyxclaw on his own.
Just moments ago, even a dozen fully armed guards had failed to deal with the ferocious beast, showcasing its formidable nature. After all, to be able to serve the Veros Warrior, one would certainly have to be an exceptional fighter.
Despite the creature’s overwhelming strength, Dustin, a seemingly unremarkable young man, effortlessly controlled it. The astonishment among the spectators was palpable.
“Roar!”
“Roar!”
“Roar!”
The Onyxclaw continued roaring and struggling relentlessly. Its crimson eyes were fixed onto Dahlia as they burned with madness.
“You evil beast!” Dustin snorted disdainfully and raised his foot once more, stomping down forcefully.
The Onyxclaw’s head sank further from the powerful impact. Cracks spread across the ground within a radius of ten meters, resembling a vast spiderweb.
The Onyxclaw’s roars gradually diminished with the severe blow, and its massive body seemed to lose its strength. It finally stopped struggling. Only heavy panting and mournful sounds remained.
“Quick! Lock it up!” It was only then that Anders instructed someone to lend a hand.
The exhausted Onyxclaw was soon securely bound with chains and dragged into a specially-made iron cage. Finally, the cage was covered with a black cloth, concealing its fierce appearance. After making sure that there was no longer any danger, the crowd breathed a sigh of relief.
That was close!
When the Onyxclaw suddenly went berserk, it had been unstoppable. Fortunately, a brave soul had stepped up and intervened. Otherwise, many more might have been injured or killed.
“Godfather, I failed to tame the Onyxclaw well and caused people to be hurt. Please, punish me!” Anders didn’t hesitate to kneel and take responsibility.
Seamus frowned slightly before quickly regaining his composure. He said calmly, “It’s alright. A beast is still a beast. They are hard to tame in nature. You are not to blame for an accident like this.
“However, you must send those injured to receive the best medical care promptly. Do not neglect the situation.”
“Thank you for your forgiveness, Godfather. I will surely make amends for my mistakes!” Anders then immediately instructed his men to clear up the scene.
The Onyxclaw was soon brought away. All the injured people, including Julie, were sent to the hospital to be treated.
As for the guards who had lost their lives, they received honorary medals along with substantial compensation for their families. It appeared as if the issue had been dealt with, but it had sparked a small commotion within the ballroom.
“It’s strange. Why did the Onyxclaw suddenly go berserk? Isn’t it supposed to be intelligent?”
“I heard that Onyxclaws don’t randomly attack people. They only attack traitors and wicked people.”
“Wasn’t the woman who was attacked Sir Mosey’s most recent goddaughter? Could she be harboring wicked intentions?”
Whispers and speculations circulated among the guests.
###Chapter 1528 by Marina Vittori
Everyone now looked at Dahlia differently. Rumors had always been circulating about Seamus’ new goddaughter, ranging from being an illegitimate child to a reincarnation of a fox spirit, creating a myriad of speculations.
The earlier incident only intensified suspicions about her identity.
“Thank you for coming to my rescue, Mr. Adams. I am truly grateful.”
Dahlia approached Dustin and thanked him after regaining her composure. She would currently be inside a beast if it hadn’t been for him.
“It was nothing,” Dustin responded nonchalantly. He never intended to attract attention. But he couldn’t help but intervene when he saw Dahlia in danger.
“Young man, you are undoubtedly highly skilled and courageous. You single-handedly subdued the Onyxclaw. It’s truly remarkable!” Suddenly, Seamus spoke.
“You’re too kind, Sir Mosey. My skills are nothing worth mentioning,” Dustin replied humbly.
“You’re too modest, young man. I must offer you a toast for your brave act.” Seamus smiled and raised his wine glass, toasting Dustin from a distance. Dustin appeared flattered and quickly raised his glass in response.
The crowd was envious of the situation. To be singled out for a toast by Seamus was a tremendous honor. If this young man could gain his favor, his future would be boundless.
“Godfather, Mr. Adams here subdued the Onyxclaw and averted a disaster. To show our sincerity, how about rewarding him?” Anders suddenly stepped forward, actively trying to gain Dustin’s merit.
“Sir Anders, you’re too kind. I wouldn’t dare accept any rewards,” Dustin said with his head slightly lowered.
“Saving a life is no small matter. Regardless of the reward given, you definitely deserve it.” Anders smiled and patted Dustin on the shoulder.
Dustin eyebrows twitched slightly, sensing a chilling energy infiltrating his body through Anders’ palm. The chilling energy was so faint that it would be a challenge for an ordinary expert to notice.
However, as time passed, this chilling energy would gradually intensify until, one day, it would erupt. When that happened, one would either go to the extremes or, at worst, die a sudden death. It was a truly malicious measure!
Dustin was puzzled. Why would Anders resort to such measures when they had no apparent conflict? Did his earlier actions of saving Dahlia anger him?
Dustin suddenly came to a realization and glanced at Dahlia discreetly. The Onyxclaw had been calm the entire time. It only lost control after nearing Dahlia, as if it had been triggered.
Dustin hadn’t realized earlier, but it must have been the work of Anders. This man had nerves of steel to use the Onyxclaw to get rid of his competition on a birthday celebration.
Did he really think he could defy the laws just because he was a God of War?
“Anders is right. His noble actions deserve a reward.”
Seamus said with a smile, “Young man, if you have anything you need, just say the word. As long as it’s within my abilities, I won’t refuse you.”
“I…” Dustin put on a hesitant front. What he wanted was the Emerald Corolla, but it was clear that Anders would never give it to him.
“Godfather, I have a suggestion. May I speak?” Anders asked.
“Go ahead.” Seamus nodded.
“Mr. Adams is a talented, courageous young man. It’s a rare sight nowadays. Dahlia is also currently single. Why don’t we arrange for them to get married? It would make for a good story as well,” Anders said with a smile.
Dustin froze in place upon hearing him, displaying a mix of shock and disbelief.
How did he still manage to end up in a situation like this when he had a different appearance and identity?
###Chapter 1529 by Marina Vittori
“Marriage?” Dahlia frowned immediately upon hearing this. They had just met today, and she barely knew anything about “Rhett”. Even if he had saved her life, agreeing to a marital commitment was a big jump.
It was evident from Anders’ words that he saw her as a tool, a commodity that was up for sale. It made her extremely uncomfortable.
“Anders, marriage is a serious matter. You shouldn’t treat it lightly,” Seamus raised an eyebrow.
“Godfather, Mr. Adams and Dahlia are a match made in heaven. Coupled with his heroic actions, they seemed destined for each other. If they got engaged today, it would undoubtedly be a doubly joyous occasion,” Anders advised.
“Dahlia, what do you think?” Instead of giving a direct answer, Seamus turned to Dahlia for her opinion.
“Godfather, I’m extremely grateful to Mr. Adams for saving me, but to repay him with marriage is something I just cannot bring myself to do.” Dahlia shook her head gently.
“Dahlia, marriage is often decided by the parents. I’m afraid you have no say in this,” Anders said with a smirk.
“If I have no say, then you certainly have no say, either,” Dahlia retorted.
“Why not? An elder brother is just like a father.”
Maintaining his composure, Anders turned to Dustin with a smile and asked, “Mr. Adams, what do you think?
“I appreciate your goodwill, Sir Anders, but I’m afraid I’m not worthy of Ms. Nicholson with my humble status. There is no need for marriage,” Dustin declined politely.
“Mr. Adams, don’t underestimate yourself. Everyone here witnessed your heroic deeds earlier. With a little bit of effort, your future will be limitless. You and Dahlia are a perfect match.”
Anders continued persuading him, Think about it. If you marry Dahlia, you will become a part of the Mosey family. If you encounter any problems in the future, we won’t stand idly by.
“Moreover, Dahlia is an exceptional beauty ranked on the Beauty Ranking with countless admirers. This opportunity is one in a million. You should seize it.”
His words stirred a commotion. Plenty of young talents looked at Dustin with envy and jealousy.
“This guy actually managed to get a marriage proposal from the Veros Warrior. He’s really lucky!”
“Dahlia is a renowned beauty and Sir Mosey’s goddaughter. Anyone who marries her will not only have power and influence but also have a beautiful woman to go home to. It’s like hitting the jackpot!”
“Damn it! Why aren’t I that lucky?”
The crowd whispered among themselves. To become Seamus’ son-in-law was something countless people dreamt of. Not to mention, Dahlia’s beauty made it seem like a deal made in heaven.
“You’re right, Sir Anders, marrying Ms. Nicholson would definitely make my life easier
A sly smile formed on Anders’ lips when he heard Dustin. As expected, few men could resist the temptation of both beauty and power.
However, his smile froze with Dustin’s next words. “Nevertheless, I must decline because I already have a fiancée.
“What?” Anders frowned.
“Mr. Adams, are you sure you won’t reconsider? Is your fiancée more beautiful or influential than Dahlia?”
“It has nothing to do with appearance or influence. We love each other, and that is more than enough,” Dustin replied earnestly.
“You-” Anders found himself momentarily at a loss of words. This guy was like a block of wood, completely unresponsive to his efforts.
And it wasn’t only Anders. Nearly everyone present was astonished and confused. Dustin’s outright refusal was unexpected.
This was a golden opportunity that only came once in a lifetime. While others prayed and wished for this chance, Dustin appeared indifferent to the whole affair.
Was he genuinely in love, or just a complete idiot?
###Chapter 1530 by Marina Vittori
“Alright, since both of them are unwilling, let’s drop the matter,” Seamus finally spoke.
“Young man, you’re not only courageous but also possess an outstanding character. Your unwavering commitment to your principles is truly admirable. If you encounter trouble in the future, don’t hesitate to reach out to me.”
“Thank you, Sir Mosey!” Dustin immediately expressed his gratitude with a bow.
Dahlia sighed in relief. At the same time, she became curious about the seemingly ordinary man before her. Even though she wasn’t one to rely on her appearance, being rejected was an unfamiliar experience.
Unknowingly, she felt a twinge of jealousy as she thought about the man’s fiancée. It wasn’t easy to find such a capable and devoted man.
“I hope you won’t regret your choice,” Anders said in a lowered voice, his gaze growing more hostile. Dustin had inadvertently disrupted two of his plans in a row. What a stroke of misfortune! His hatred for him would not be resolved until he was dealt with.
“Come, everyone, enjoy the food and drinks. Don’t be shy,” Seamus called out, bringing the mood back to being lively.
Despite the incident, the celebration continued undisturbed. However, Dustin became the center of attention for many.
Since he had effortlessly subdued the Onyxclaw and declined the Veros Warrior’s marriage proposal, he seemed anything but ordinary. After a hearty meal, Seamus temporarily excused himself from the party to rest.
The guests moved from the ballroom to the lounge, enjoying spectacular performances arranged by the Moseys. Meanwhile, Dustin and Abigail followed the flow, maintaining a calm presence without drawing undue attention.
Their sole responsibility was to monitor Anders’ movements in case of unforeseen developments. The actual thief who would be stealing the Emerald Corolla was someone else entirely-Azalea, a master of the Face- Changing Art.
Azalea was once a disciple of the Dark Lord who later turned away from her dark path and became Abigail’s bodyguard.
After Abigail’s true abilities were awakened and she returned to the Mystic Arts Order, Azalea was also put in an important position.
In order to execute their plan more effectively, Abigail spared no effort in bringing Azalea from afar. She had been responsible for both Dustin and Abigail’s disguises.
“Dustin, there’s good news!”
At that moment, Abigail glanced at her phone and said happily, “Azalea just messaged, confirming that she has successfully obtained the Emerald Corolla. We can leave at any time.”
“Oh, that was smooth.” Dustin raised an eyebrow, pleasantly surprised. He had specially prepared two plans in case something went wrong, but it seemed like they wouldn’t be necessary.
“When Anders went to change earlier, he conveniently left the Emerald Corolla in his room. Azalea disguised herself as a Mosey member, effortlessly infiltrating the room and securing the Emerald Corolla,” Abigail explained.
“What luck!” Dustin’s expression brightened, and he secretly breathed a sigh of relief. With the Emerald Corolla in hand, he now had all three medicinal herbs required to refine the Sanctifix successfully. Tomorrow, he was going to awaken Cinna.
When the time came, he would uncover the truth behind the events from ten years ago. Regardless of who the enemy was, he would make them pay!
###Chapter 1531 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin, since we got what we came for, should we leave now?” Abigail asked.
“There’s no need to rush.” Dustin shook his head. “If we leave too soon, it might raise suspicion. Let’s stay a little while longer. We’ll leave when someone leaves.”
“Alright, there’s plenty to eat and drink anyway, and there’s performances to watch. And it’s all free. I think it’s a shame to leave now too.” Abigail chuckled.
With so many delicacies and fine drinks, they would have to spend tens of thousands of dollars for it themselves. But they could enjoy it all for free here. It was indeed a luxurious experience.
“Mr. Adams…” Dahlia suddenly approached them with a smile.
“Thank you for saving my life earlier. If it wasn’t for you, I would have been killed by the Onyxclaw. This is a small gift of my appreciation. I hope you’ll accept it.”
As she spoke, she took out an emerald badge and handed it to Dustin with both hands. The back of the emerald badge was exquisitely carved with dragons and phoenixes, displaying exquisite craftsmanship. On the front, the word ” Mosey” was carved on it.
“You’re welcome, Ms. Nicholson. But it was nothing really. Even if I hadn’t stepped in, I believe there would’ve been many brave heroes that would,” Dustin said, downplaying his role.
He made the risky decision to save her due to their past relationship and didn’t expect anything in return.
“No matter how you put it, you were indeed the one who saved me. It’s only right for me to express my gratitude.
“This is the Moseys’ consultant badge. If you require any assistance in the future, you can use this badge to reach out to me. I’ll be sure to offer my full support,” Dahlia insisted, pushing the emerald badge into Dustin’s hands once again.
“I” Dustin hesitated.
“This emerald badge must be very expensive, right?” Abigail asked expectantly.
“Expensive?”
Dahlia was slightly taken aback. She then nodded with a smile, “I suppose so.”
Moseys’ consultant badge was a priceless treasure far beyond the measure of mere money. Having it was akin to having the Moseys as an ally of support.
This was an opportunity for which even the wealthiest people would sacrifice their wealth.
“Hehe, then we’ll gladly accept it!” Upon hearing about its value, Abigail accepted the emerald badge without hesitation.
Even if they didn’t use it for themselves, they could sell it to someone else. There was no reason to refuse such a priceless treasure.
“Thank you, Ms. Nicholson,” Dustin gave in. If he continued refusing her, it might lead to her suspecting them instead.
“Mr. Adams, please enjoy yourselves. I won’t disturb you any longer.” After a slight nod, Dahlia prepared to leave.
“Ms. Nicholson, please wait a moment, “Dustin suddenly called out.
“Mr. Adams, is there anything else?” Dahlia turned back, looking puzzled.
“Ms. Nicholson, since you gave me the emerald badge, I’d like to offer you a few words in return.”
Dustin continued seriously, “I believe Onyxclaw suddenly losing control was not an accident but a deliberate setup.”
“A setup?” Dahlia furrowed her brow slightly.
“What makes you think so, Mr. Adams?
“Onyxclaw showed no signs of unusual behavior at first. But after approaching you, it seemed to have been triggered and suddenly turned aggressive. Don’t you find that strange?” Dustin asked in return.
“It was indeed strange, but I still don’t have an explanation for it.” Dahlia shook her head.
She didn’t believe in the idea that the Onyxclaw was spiritual and could distinguish between good and evil. Although she was no saint, she would never harm anyone.
“If I’m not mistaken, someone did something to you, “Dustin explained.
“What do you mean?” Dahlia was puzzled.
###Chapter 1532 by Marina Vittori
“Your perfume smells strange.” Abigail sniffed before she spoke unexpectedly.
“Really?” Dahlia sniffed but didn’t notice anything unusual.
“I’m using a regular perfume that many people use too.”
“It’s not the perfume that’s the problem. Someone added something to your perfume, probably a hint of blood.
“Abigail took another sniff and concluded.
“You’re right.” Dustin nodded in agreement.
“It would be difficult for an ordinary person to detect the faint scent of blood, but animals have a unique advantage in this regard. The Onyxclaw must have sensed it.”
“I see.” Dahlia nodded in realization. No wonder the Onyxclaw turned aggressive the moment it approached. It turned out that someone had tampered with her perfume.
“Rhett … I have another question.”
Abigail tapped her chin thoughtfully and asked, “You mentioned earlier that the Onyxclaw is an intelligent creature. It’s also been tamed. It shouldn’t have turned so aggressive if it had just been a hint of blood, right?”
“That’s the main issue, ” Dustin said with a serious expression.
“What if the scent of blood on Dahlia is of the Onyxclaw’s companion or offspring?”
“I get it!” Abigail suddenly understood.
“The Onyxclaw could smell its family and mistakenly thought Dahlia had killed them. That is why it suddenly went berserk.”
“Most likely.” Dustin nodded.
The Onyxclaw wouldn’t have gone so crazy unless driven by vengeance.
“What a cunning scheme!”
Abigail marveled, “First, they presented the Onyxclaw as a gift, then spread a rumor to lay the foundation. Next, they used the scent of blood to mark their target.
“If Ms. Nicholson had been killed, not only would she have died in vain, but she would also endure blame and suspicion. What a perfect scheme!”
Upon hearing this, Dahlia furrowed her brow, her expression turning grim. If they were right, then she had an idea who the mastermind was. The only person brave enough to pull off such a scheme among the Moseys’ was Anders.
However, she couldn’t understand his motive. They held no grudges, so why would he attempt to kill her?
“Ms. Nicholson, I believe you already know who is behind this. You must be extremely cautious in the days to come, “Dustin warned solemnly.
Someone as strong-willed as Anders wouldn’t give up easily once they set their minds on something. Even though his attempt today had failed, he would definitely find another opportunity next time. Even though Dahlia was protected by Sir Mosey, she was still powerless before Anders.
“Thank you for the reminder, Mr. Adams. I will always be alert.” Dahlia nodded. After a moment of hesitation, Dustin eventually pulled out a name card and handed it over. “If you ever encounter danger, calling this number should help.”
“Thank you,” Dahlia accepted it with a faint smile. Since he could subdue the Onyxclaw effortlessly, he must be no ordinary person. Being his friend would be an advantage.
While they were chatting, the door to the lounge suddenly swung open. Following closely, Anders walked in with a dark expression, accompanied by a team of guards.
“Halt the program, everyone, on your feet! A thief has robbed the Moseys’ mansion, and I’m conducting a search! “Anders’ authoritative voice immediately captured everyone’s attention.
###Chapter 1533 by Marina Vittori
“Robbed?” The crowd exchanged looks of disbelief upon hearing this. Who could be so bold as to steal something from the Moseys’ mansion? Were they not afraid of losing their lives?
“Ladies and gentlemen, I’m very sorry for being this rude, but the missing item is important to me. Please forgive me.”
Anders first apologized to the crowd before continuing, “I will now conduct a search with my hunting dogs. I kindly request that everyone stand where you are to prevent unnecessary misunderstandings.”
After speaking, he made a gesture, instructing his subordinates to secure all entrances and exits. Then, two well- trained hunting dogs arrived, and the inspection began.
Even though his actions had crossed a line, nobody dared speak out due to his identity. They could only cooperate obediently.
“Conduct a thorough search. Don’t miss any corner!” Anders commanded with a stern voice. He had returned to his room to rest, only to find his Emerald Corolla missing. This precious rare treasure of his could absorb spiritual energy and significantly enhance his cultivation speed.
He usually kept it on him at all times. But he had left it in his room today when he changed. He couldn’t believe someone would dare infiltrate his room and steal something from him.
The guards led the hunting dogs through a thorough search, moving through the crowd continuously. Since the Emerald Corolla had Anders’ scent, the thief would be swiftly identified if they carried it with them.
However, after an extensive search, the hunting dogs found nothing.
“Sir Anders, we’ve conducted a thorough search, but there’s nothing suspicious here,” one of the guards reported.
“Search again,” Anders insisted, feeling dissatisfied.
“Yes, sir!” The guards led the hunting dogs through another round of searching without hesitation. However, they still found no trace of the Emerald Corolla.
This outcome left Anders visibly displeased. They had scoured all the likely places but still found nothing, and this was the most suspicious place. If the thief didn’t hide it here, where would they hide it?
At that moment, Anders’ gaze landed on Dustin. He asked coldly, “Rhett Adams, was it? Please cooperate. I’ll need to pat you down.”
“A pat down?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“Sir Anders, I’ve been here the entire time and never went anywhere else. You’re not suspecting me, are you?”
“The innocent have nothing to fear. If you haven’t stolen anything, you have nothing to worry about. I’m just conducting a routine check, just in case, “Anders said with a straight face. His instincts told him that there was something off about this young man.
“Sir Anders, don’t you think it’s a bit inappropriate to only pat me down when others are present as well?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“Not only you, but I’m also searching this young lady beside you,” Anders pointed at Abigail.
“Why? You’re going to search us just because you want to? What do you take us for?” Abigail was upset.
“If both of you have nothing to hide, why are you resisting?” Anders asked darkly.
“So those with nothing to hide should agree to a pat down? What kind of twisted logic is this?” Abigail argued.
“Enough of your nonsense! If Sir Anders wants to conduct a search, you have no right to refuse!” one guard shouted sternly.
“The audacity!” Dahlia was angered and raised her hand to slap the guard. She declared, “Everyone present here is an esteemed guest of the Moseys. How dare a mere guard like you act so brazenly?”
“You-” the guard gritted his teeth. When he saw Anders’ lack of response, he held back his anger.
“Dahlia, I’ve lost a very important item. I can’t afford to overlook anything. I’d appreciate your cooperation.” Even though he was displeased, he maintained a calm fa?ade.
“Anders, if you’ve lost something, you should go after the thief instead of offending our guests. If this matter reaches Godfather’s ears, I’m afraid you won’t be able to explain yourself,” Dahlia asserted calmly.
“Oh, now you’re using Godfather to pressure me?” Anders’ gaze turned hostile.
“Today is his birthday celebration. It’s better not to create any unnecessary trouble. I hope you’ll consider the bigger picture,” Dahlia said, lowering her head slightly.
###Chapter 1534 by Marina Vittori
Even though she knew the man before her was out for her life, she showed no signs of it.
“The bigger picture?” Anders’ gave her a contemptuous gaze.
“Does someone like you understand what a big picture is? Other than Godfather, I have the final say in everything in this house! That is the bigger picture!”
“Perhaps you have the power and influence, but that doesn’t mean you have the right to act recklessly. After all, Godfather is still the one in charge here.” Dahlia stood her ground.
“Haha… Alright, very well!” Anders suddenly laughed, but his gaze was cold.
“Dahlia, you truly are smart. That’s probably why Godfather values you. Unfortunately, people like you usually don’t live long. Take care of yourself.”
Upon saying that, he patted Dahlia’s shoulder and walked away. How dare a powerless woman challenge him? She was digging her own grave!
“Ms. Nicholson, you probably have angered Anders for backing us up. I’m afraid you’ll have a harder life going forward,” Dustin warned.
“Even if I did nothing, he won’t let me off easily,” Dahlia was rational about the situation. She could tell that Anders was ambitious. Since she gained Godfather’s favor not long after joining the Moseys, it would undoubtedly lead to feelings of resentment among the others.
Perhaps her presence had threatened Anders’ position, leading him to see her as an obstacle that needed to be removed.
“No matter what, you must be extremely careful,” Dustin reminded.
“I will.” Dahlia nodded.
“Mr. Adams, you shouldn’t stay for long. I suspect Anders will use another opportunity to create trouble again. How about I escort you out?”
“That would be much appreciated, Ms. Nicholson.” Dustin nodded without refusing the offer.
“It’s nothing.” Dahlia smiled faintly, leading Dustin and Abigail safely out of Moseys’ mansion. There were many eyes watching them on the way, but they showed restraint, not making any rash movements.
“Ms. Nicholson, here will do,” Dustin thanked her after they were out of the mansion.
“Sure, see you again someday.” Dahlia nodded slightly and watched as Dustin and Abigail left in the car. She somehow had a strange feeling that she once knew who the young man named Rhett was.
Meanwhile, inside the car, Dustin and Abigail took off their disguises, revealing their faces.
“Dustin, we’ve got the Emerald Corolla. But why do you still seem a little gloomy?” Abigail was puzzled.
“It’s nothing, I was just thinking about something.” Dustin forced a smile.
“Dustin, you’re not worried about Dahlia’s safety, are you? Could it be that you like her?” Abigail sensed something unusual.
“We used to be close, sharing a close fate once,” Dustin explained.
“Oh, I see!” Abigail chuckled knowingly.
“You’re worried because she’s in danger, but you’re not sure how to help her since you already have a fiancée, right?”
“You seem to understand quite a lot,” Dustin said with a strange expression. In fact, he was indeed conflicted. On the one hand, he worried about Dahlia’s safety, but he was also reluctant to get involved.
“Don’t worry, Dustin. Leave this matter to me. I’ll send people to protect Dahlia discreetly so you can sleep soundly at night!” Abigail volunteered.
“Sounds pretty good,” Dustin nodded.
“Alright. Then I’ll leave this matter to you.” With experts from the Mystic Arts Order ensuring Dahlia’s safety, there shouldn’t be any problems.
“Hey! Don’t get too excited yet. Protecting someone comes with a fee. But considering our good relationship, I can offer you an 80% discount.” Abigail wiggled an eyebrow, raising eight fingers before him.
Dustin’s mouth twitched, and he was momentarily speechless. This girl was truly an unapologetic money enthusiast. It was impressive that she was always finding ways to make a profit.
###Chapter 1535 by Marina Vittori
Upon returning to the villa, Dustin began to make the necessary preparations. He had finally gathered all three precious herbs needed. The rest of the supplementary herbs were prepared beforehand. Next, it was time for the most crucial step-producing Sanctifix.
“Maximus, I’ll be locked up in there for a day. You need to keep watch vigilantly. No one is to enter and bother me,” Dustin reminded.
“Don’t worry, Dustin. Not even a fly will be able to enter these doors!” Maximus guaranteed with a confident pat on his chest.
Dustin nodded before looking over at Brooke. “Dr. Busch, I’ll leave Mr. Shaffer in your hands then. Nothing must happen to him before I come out of the room.”
“Rest assured. I might not be able to cure Mr. Shaffer, but I’m fully capable of keeping him alive for some time,” Brooke assured.
“Great. I’ll leave things to the both of you then.” Dustin gave them simple instructions and wasted no more time on words before entering the makeshift alchemy room.
He had all the herbs he needed. The furnace, coal, and all other required materials were already prepared.
However, Dustin didn’t rush into things. Instead, he calmed himself down and meditated for a while. It wasn’t until he was fully relaxed and at ease before he began to produce the pill.
Sanctifix was crucial in keeping Cinna alive. As a top-grade pill, producing Sanctifix was no easier than producing Longevitum. But as they were different pills, there was a great difference in the details that went into their production.
Dustin had gone through the procedure in his head many times. Hence, he remembered every step clearly. There should be no mistakes as long as things went smoothly during production.
First, he had to set up the furnace and put the cauldron in place. Then, he would have to go through the process of grinding up the herbs, roasting the sand, and settling the sand. Finally, he had to control the temperature of the furnace, extract the essence of the herbs, and combine them.
Every step was crucial, and there was no room for mistakes. Dustin did every step meticulously, putting all his attention on the task at hand.
As time slowly ticked by, Dustin focused on accurately controlling the furnace’s temperature. The fire blazed and dwindled according to his will.
The herbs in the furnace were repeatedly refined and combined. And just like that, time went by. The herbs went from a solid state to gaseous to liquid and finally solidified again.
After repeating the steps several times, Dustin came to the most crucial part of the entire procedure-solidifying the pill.
He took a deep breath and engaged his mystical pure energy, slowly channeling it into the furnace.
Creating Sanctifix required mystical pure energy to increase the chance of success in its production. It will also ensure that the pill turns out in good form. As the fire in the furnace blazed on, Dustin channeled more and more of his mystical pure energy into it.
Gradually, sweat began forming on his forehead as smoke surrounded him. It went on for about half an hour before Dustin suddenly struck the furnace with his palm. With a loud clang, the lid of the furnace flew off, and a strong, herbal fragrance escaped the furnace.
Dustin focused his gaze on the furnace and found a light blue pill lying at the bottom. There were still wisps of vapor coming off of it.
The pill was translucent and adorned with a ripple-like pattern on the surface. It looked very pretty, and one could even smell a distinct herbal scent coming from it.
“It’s done!” Dustin was overjoyed. He let out a long breath. Cinna was going to be alright now that they had Sanctifix.
Just outside the door, Maximus held onto the hilt of his sword with both hands. He stood vigilant, not letting his guard down for even a fraction of a second.
Brooke, on the other hand, paced back and forth in the living room anxiously.
Dustin had locked himself away in the alchemy room all day and night. Neither of them had heard from him yet. Hence, Brooke was extremely worried.
They had gone to great lengths to gather the three precious herbs. If Dustin failed to produce Sanctifix, Cinna would be a goner. After all, they had no more time to find an alternative method to save him.
This was their only bet.
###Chapter 1536 by Marina Vittori
“Do you smell that, Max?” Brooke seemed to sense something, and he took a deep breath.
“You mean the herbal scent?” Maximus tilted his head curiously. “It’s been there all along, hasn’t it? What’s wrong?”
“No, it’s different now. It’s quite special.” Brooke went up to the door of the alchemy room. Then, he crouched down to catch a whiff of the scent wafting out from the gap under the door.
He spent most of his time around herbs. Thus, he could easily detect the slightest change in scent. All of a sudden, the door creaked open.
Dustin was just about to step out of the room when he spotted Brooke crouching on the ground in a weird position. “Dr. Busch, what’s wrong? Are you having a stomachache?”
“Uhh…” Brooke smiled sheepishly before quickly reacting. He promptly asked, “Dustin, how is it? Did you succeed in producing Sanctifix?”
Dustin sighed and put on a dejected expression when he heard that. At the sight of Dustin in such a state, Brooke froze and paled. “You f-failed?” he asked with a tremor in his voice.
Oh no. If Dustin failed to produce Sanctifix, then all the herbs were wasted, and nobody would be able to save Cinna!
“Well, I wouldn’t say I failed. It’s just that I intended to produce a top-grade Sanctifix, but I only managed to come up with a good-quality one. There’s a slight difference in the quality, that’s all.” Dustin shook his head.
The corners of Brooke’s lips twitched involuntarily. He was exasperated. Was this the time to be fussy about quality? What did it matter what quality the pill was as long as it worked? And why was Dustin looking so dejected?
Brooke wasn’t young anymore, so couldn’t take such false alarms!
“So… You’ve succeeded?” Brooke asked.
“Of course! I wouldn’t do anything unless I’m confident I’d succeed.”
Dustin nodded with a smile and took out the blue Sanctifix. Brooke took the pill over to have a look. He was elated. “This is great! This is amazing! Mr. Shaffer will be alright now!”
The whole time that Dustin had busied himself with producing the pill, Brooke had also been waiting. He had waited for an entire day and night. He could finally be at ease now.
“Dr. Busch, let’s not waste any more time. Give Mr. Shaffer the pill,” Dustin reminded.
“Oh, right, right! We must save him first!” Brooke dared not waste another moment. Holding the pill carefully in both hands, he jogged into Cinna’s room.
Cinna still looked sickly thin and pale. His breathing was also light and shallow. He looked like a dead man.
“Dustin, are there any restrictions for consuming Sanctifix?” Brooke suddenly thought to ask.
“No. Just place it inside his mouth,” Dustin instructed.
“Alright.” Brooke slowly pried Cinna’s mouth apart and slipped the Sanctifix in. It dissolved into a blue liquid the moment it entered Cinna’s mouth. It flowed down his throat and slowly seeped into his body.
The medical properties of the pill gradually healed and restored Cinna’s ruined circulatory pathways. It started from his heart, to all his other vital organs, and then to his skin and bones.
After the healing of the Sanctifix, Cinna’s body seemed to slowly come alive like a tree receiving rain after a long drought.
They could see his pale face gradually regaining color, and his breathing got deeper. Impurities and dirt were discharged through every pore of his body.
After half a day, Cinna, who had been unconscious for a decade, slowly opened his eyes!
###Chapter 1537 by Marina Vittori
“He’s awake! He’s awake! Mr. Shaffer’s awake!” Brooke was so ecstatic that he cried tears of joy when he saw Cinna open his eyes.
It had been ten years. Ten whole years! The person that he’d been watching over had finally come around! It was a pure joy that was simply indescribable.
“Thank god everything went smoothly. “Dustin teared up when he saw Cinna slowly regaining consciousness. He could not contain his happiness.
It was as they had expected. Only Sanctifix was able to cure Cinna of his condition. All his efforts had not been in vain.
“Busch, where am I?” Cinna lay on the bed and looked around in confusion. Then, his gaze rested on Brooke, and he asked raspily, “And… Why do you look so old?” He sounded like he was in discomfort.
“Mr. Shaffer, you’re in a safe place. You have nothing to worry about. As for what you mentioned about me looking old…” Brooke touched his face and chuckled wryly.
“It’s been a decade since the last time you saw me. How could I still look the same?”
“A decade?” Cinna was briefly taken aback. Then, he quickly caught on to what Brooke meant, and his eyes widened. “You mean to say that I was unconscious for ten whole years?”
“That’s right.” Brooke nodded.
“For ten years, I’ve tried every possible means I knew of to wake you up, but I haven’t been able to. Thankfully, we’ve got Dustin here, who produced Sanctifix and saved you.”
“Dustin?” Cinna turned to look at Dustin and asked curiously, “Was it you who saved me?”
“It was.” Brooke smiled and praised him, “Dustin is not only knowledgeable in medicine but also well trained in alchemy and occult. He truly is an all- rounder!”
“Thank you for saving me, young man. “Cinna tried to sit up and thank Dustin, but his body was too weak to support him.
He had laid in bed for ten years. Even if Sanctifix had restored his health and rebuilt his circulatory pathways, it still wasn’t possible for him to recover his full strength within such a short time.
“Mr. Shaffer, are you not able to recognize me after ten years of not seeing each other?” Dustin held back his tears.
“What? Do you know me?” Cinna looked Dustin up and down, “You do look pretty familiar. Could you be the child of someone I know?”
“Mr. Shaffer, it’s me, Logan,” Dustin said with a quiver in his voice.
“L-Logan?” Cinna stared at him with eyes as wide as saucers. He was in disbelief. “You… You’re really Logan?”
“The one and only.” Dustin did not further explain. He simply took off his shirt and showed Cinna the beast tattoo on him.
The tattoo was all black with vivid red spots as the eyes. It looked so real, as if it was alive, glaring menacingly.
“Logan … You really are Logan!”
Seeing the familiar tattoo of the beast, Cinna broke out in tears. Trembling, he forced himself out of the bed. Then, with a loud thud, he got on one knee and bowed his head.
“Cinna Shaffer, general of the Valiant Troop from the Central Cavalry of West Lucozia, at your service, Your Highness!
Brooke, who was standing by the side, was stunned when he heard that.
Logan? Your Highness? Oh my god! Did he mean the legendary Kirin of the Rhys family, Logan Rhys?
###Chapter 1538 by Marina Vittori
“What are you doing, Mr. Shaffer? There is no need for such formalities! Please get up!” Dustin quickly helped Cinna up from his knees.
“Your Highness, it was my mistake for failing to protect you and the Princess Consort. I am ready to receive my punishment!” Tears rolled down Cinna’s face.
“Mr. Shaffer, what are you saying? Had you not risked your life to save me back then, I wouldn’t be standing here now! “Dustin consoled him.
“All of our friends in Valiant Troop are now dead. I’m the only one left. I have failed the Prince and the Princess Consort. I have failed all of you!” Cinna choked up.
“Mr. Shaffer, there is no need to blame yourself for what happened. You did your best, and I’m glad to see that you’re still alive.
“I was the one who brought all the trouble upon all of you. I’m the one to be blamed.
“Had it not been for me, you would not have laid unconscious for ten years.
“Had it not been for me, our friends in Valiant Troop would not have died. I am the one who should be apologizing to all of you!” Dustin’s eyes welled up with tears.
Memories of the incident all those years back were still vivid in his mind. He had seen with his own eyes how his friends and guards had collapsed in pools of their own blood just to protect him. They had been so courageous and resolute.
He had always remembered the names and faces of each and every one of them.
“You are a royal, Your Highness, and we are your people. It only makes sense for us to die protecting royalties.
“None of our friends who have been sacrificed have died in vain as long as you are well and alive.” Cinna wiped away his tears.
“What is this talk about royalties and commoners? That’s nonsense! You are all my family and friends. None of you should have died for me. I owe my life to all of you!” Dustin looked guilty at him.
“With your words, I believe our fallen friends must feel at peace even in death. “Cinna smiled through tears. Though it had been a decade since they met, they had changed a lot, but their relationship remained unchanged.
“Mr. Shaffer, this might not be the best time, but I’d like to ask, what exactly happened back then? Who is the main perpetrator behind it all?” Dustin’s expression became stern.
“Well…” Cinna hesitated when he heard Dustin’s question. A while later, he sighed.
“Your Highness, you should let go of what happened then. Do not investigate the issue anymore. What matters is that you’re alive and well, and that’s more important than anything else.”
“Mr. Shaffer, my mother was murdered, and so many of our friends died because of me. I cannot pretend that nothing has happened. No matter what, I will get to the bottom of it all!” Dustin’s gaze was unwavering.
He was never going to let the person who murdered his mother off.
“Your Highness, some things aren’t as simple as they seem. Even the Prince himself has let go of it. Why are you still so persistent?” Cinna looked conflicted.
“Rufus Rhys decides for himself. I am my own person! He has his considerations, but I do not! He dares not take revenge, but I will!”
Dustin was adamant. “I stand by my word. No matter who the true mastermind is and how powerful he is, even if he’s the King, I will make him pay!”
When he said that, even Brooke and Maximus, who were standing by the side, were alarmed. Wasn’t he being too reckless? He was challenging the King! Was he about to take on the entire nation of Dragonmarsh?
“Your Highness …” Cinna clenched his fists, looking torn.
He did not know if he should say what he knew. Based on Dustin’s character, he would get himself into trouble if he probed any further. This was too messy of an issue.
Even the ever-mighty Prince of West Lucozia was forced into silence. What more, Logan, who had no power and status?
“Mr. Shaffer, do not feel burdened. Just tell me what you know,” Dustin said righteously.
“But of course, should you choose to keep your silence, I will not force you into saying what you do not wish to divulge. However, I will continue investigating the matter. I will never give up!”
Cinna sighed softly before relenting. ” Since you wish to learn the truth, I shall not hide it from you. I just ask that you not act rashly.”
“I understand. I won’t act unless I have full confidence.” Dustin nodded.
“I do not know much about what happened back then. But I know someone who definitely does.”
“Oh? Who is it?”
“Donovan Linsor!”
###Chapter 1539 by Marina Vittori
“Donovan Linsor?” Dustin frowned when he heard the name. “That name sounds familiar. Who is he?”
“You might not be familiar with Donovan Linsor, but I’m sure you know the Prince of Carsonne, Your Highness, “Cinna said solemnly.
“So it was him!” Dustin saw red. The Prince of Carsonne, or Donovan Linsor, was the King’s younger brother. He was considered an exceptional among the royals.
Ten years ago, Donovan was acknowledged as an outstanding talent with a great strategic vision. But for some reason, he suddenly withdrew from the public eye. And till this day, his whereabouts remained unknown.
“Mr. Shaffer, are you saying that the Prince of Carsonne had something to do with the assassination back then?” Dustin pressed.
“I can’t say for sure that he had anything to do with it, but he definitely knows something about it,” Cinna answered.
“Oh? Why do you say so?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“The Prince of Carsonne had a close relationship with your father. When we were attacked outside Aylka back then, your father requested his help immediately. However, he never heard back from him.”
Cinna frowned. “After that, the Prince of Carsonne chose to retire from the public eye.
“From then on, he no longer got involved in politics anymore. Clearly, he was running away from something.”
“That is no doubt suspicious, but it’s not reason enough.” Dustin shook his head. There might be royals involved in the matter. But with Donovan’s powers alone, there was no way he’d be able to do that.
“Your father had already noticed something amiss before things happened, so he did some investigations in private.
“He even specifically reminded us to be extra careful and to not trust anyone, not even the Prince of Carsonne.
“That was because His Highness had noticed that the Prince of Carsonne was behaving strangely and not acting himself those few days.
“However, he had no solid evidence; it was only his suspicion. Hence, His Highness only took measures to strengthen defenses and took no other action.
“None of us had expected how immensely powerful the person behind it was.
“Not only had the person planted spies around His Highness, but they even falsely issued military orders to send His Highness to the borders temporarily.
“It was too late by the time His Highness realized what was happening. And the rest of it is what you already know.
“So I’m not just making baseless claims by saying that there’s something fishy going on with the Prince of Carsonne. It’s just that His Highness had suspected this person who used to be his close friend since the very beginning.
“Your Highness, this is all I know.” Cinna hid nothing from Dustin, telling him every detail that he knew.
After hearing what he had to say, Dustin’s expression darkened. As Cinna had said, Donovan might not necessarily be the mastermind behind it all, but he certainly knew something.
As long as he could locate Donovan, he’d be able to find out the truth behind what had happened all those years back.
“Mr. Shaffer, do you know the Prince of Carsonne’s whereabouts?” Dustin asked.
“I’ve been unconscious for ten years, so I can only remember what happened back then. As for what happened after that, I have no idea.” Cinna shook his head.
“Who was it that saved you then? And how did you end up at Harmony Healers? Do you recall that?” Dustin questioned.
“I do not know the identity of the person who saved me. I only know that his last name is Judd. Apart from that, I have no idea.” Cinna shook his head yet again.
“How about you, Dr. Busch? Do you know Mr. Judd?” Dustin turned to look at Brooke suddenly. 1
“Truth be told, Mr. Judd had shown up yearly for the past ten years. He would ask about Mr. Shaffer’s condition. But every time we met, Mr. Judd wore a mask, so I do not know what he looks like.” 1
“Seems like Mr. Judd is a key figure in this, too.” Dustin seemed lost in his thoughts.
He had two leads now. The first was Donovan Linsor, the Prince of Carsonne. And the other was the mysterious Mr. Judd.
But seeing how Mr. Judd had been willing to save Cinna, Dustin deduced that he wasn’t an enemy.
###Chapter 1540 by Marina Vittori
The most important thing was to find Donovan and ask him about the truth behind what had happened.
“Mr. Shaffer, you should rest up since you’ve just woken up. If there’s anything you need, just tell me any time.” Dustin helped Cinna lie back on the bed.
“Your Highness!” Cinna suddenly grabbed Dustin’s arm. He said earnestly, “What happened then is all in the past now. Forget about it.
“If you continue investigating, it will only put you in danger. I believe the Princess Consort would have wanted you to live your life peacefully!”
“Mr. Shaffer, this is an unresolved matter that weighs heavily on my heart, and I feel guilty for it. If I do not get to the bottom of it, I shall never find peace,” Dustin explained.
Seeing the look of determination in his eyes, Cinna could only sigh. He did not say any more. He knew that with Dustin’s stubborn personality, he would never back down on something when his heart was already set on it.
“Mr. Shaffer, all you need to do now is to rest well. Don’t put your thoughts on such trivial matters. I’ll deal with them. Just rest up.”
Dustin shot him a smile to reassure him before turning to walk out the door. Now that Cinna was safe, he finally felt at ease. His goal was to find Donovan Linsor, the Prince of Carsonne, who was now in hiding. And only the person in Aylka could help him with that.
After he left the villa, Dustin made a call to a mysterious number. Soon, the lazy voice of a woman could be heard. “Hey, why are you calling me again? Haven’t I given you the Iceheart Lotus you requested last time?”
“About the Iceheart Lotus, I’d like to thank you for it.” Dustin exchanged pleasantries before going to the main reason for his call. “I’m calling you to ask about something.”
“Stop right there!” The woman stopped him before he could continue any further.
“Logan Rhys, please do not overstep your boundaries. I made it clear the last time that I’ll only help you once. We’re even now. Are you going back on your word?”
“It’s true that we’re square now. But if you help me this time, I’d owe you a favor. If you ever run into a situation where you need help, I’ll be there in a heartbeat,” Dustin promised.
“I have my way in the palace. What can you help me with?” the woman asked.
“Everyone runs into trouble at some point or another. It’ll do you no harm having another ally.
“Take this as an investment, if you will. You should know that the Rhys family always keeps our word,” Dustin persuaded.
“Fair point.” The woman hesitated for a moment before continuing, “Alright, I’ll hear you out. If it isn’t too much of a hassle, I might consider helping you.”
“I’d like to ask you about the Prince of Carsonne.” Dustin cut straight to the point. “Ten years ago, he suddenly retired from the public eye.
“I’d like to know where he went. Where is he hiding now?”
“The Prince of Carsonne? Why are you asking about him?” the woman asked curiously.
“It’s a secret. It’ll do you no good knowing too much. It might get you in trouble,” Dustin answered secretively.
“Forget it then. I hate trouble.” She seemed to have lost interest.
“Do we have a deal then?” Dustin asked cautiously.
“I’ll help you out just this once for the sake of your mother. But remember, this is the last time I’m helping you!” the woman said sternly.
“Sure,” Dustin answered. “How long will it take to have an answer?”
“You’ll have your answer in three days. Wait for it.” With that, the call ended.
###Chapter 1541 by Marina Vittori
Dustin showed no sign of joy after getting a definite answer from the woman. Instead, he looked gloomy. The person in Aylka must have only agreed because she was certain she had ways to get the information he needed.
But somehow, he just had a nagging feeling that there was something odd about the whole thing. The closer he got to the bottom of things, the more uneasy he felt.
He didn’t even know what was the source of this unsettling feeling. It felt like intuition, but then again, maybe he was just overthinking things.
“Forget it. I’ll work things out as they come.” Dustin shook his head and did away with these troubling thoughts. Just as he was about to return to his room for a rest, his phone rang. It was a call from Lana.
“Hello, Ms. Camron. Is anything the matter?” Dustin looked around and noticed that the sun was already setting.
“Ms. Camron? Haha! I’m sorry, you guessed wrong.” Suddenly, a raspy voice could be heard through the phone.
“What?” Dustin’s brows furrowed instantly. “Who are you? Why do you have Ms. Camron’s phone?”
“It doesn’t matter who I am. What matters is that your lover is in my hands now!
“If you don’t want anything bad happening to her, you better get your ass over to the deserted cathedral at the north of the city.
“Oh, right, you better get moving now! My brothers here can’t wait to get their hands on her.
“If you come any later, I’m afraid I can’t promise that they won’t do anything nasty to her!” the person chuckled sinisterly.
“I’m warning you, you better not try anything with her. If you hurt Ms. Camron, I’ll make sure you pay for what you’ve done!” Dustin threatened.
“Haha! We’ll have to see if you’re capable of that then! Anyway, I’ll be waiting for you at the deserted cathedral in the north of the city.
“Remember, come here alone.” the man laughed maniacally, and then the call ended abruptly.
Without the slightest hesitation, Dustin sped there with his car. Clearly, the person on the call was doing this to get back at him. And the only people he’d crossed recently were Eleanor, Elena, Julie, and Scott.
Dustin deduced that Ezra would not try anything funny with them after being traumatized. As for Julie, she just had her hand broken at the Moseys mansion two days ago, so she should still be hospitalized now. It wasn’t likely to be her.
In that case, the person behind this could only be one of the few others left. But regardless of who it was, they had already crossed a line. He wasn’t going to go easy on them anymore. After 40 minutes, Dustin drove into a slum in the north of the city.
The deserted cathedral was built within the slums. The area was very dodgy and rampant with banditry. It was a place where many illegal activities took place.
Some criminals also tended to hide out in the slums. It would not be an exaggeration to say that it was basically a lawless zone. Arson, murder, and theft were regular occurrences in this part of town.
It was an area where regular people dared not set foot in. For Dustin to drive into the slum without a care in the world, it was obvious that he didn’t know how things worked around here.
Many eyes were on him the moment he showed up, viewing him as a potential victim. It was always easy to enter the slum, but the same couldn’t be said when they wanted to leave the place.
It wasn’t every day that they had an unsuspecting prey chance upon the place. Some underground gangs were already dying to pounce on him.
Dustin paid no attention to the malicious gazes on him. Instead, he drove straight to the entrance of the deserted cathedral.
It was located right in the middle of the slum. While it used to teem with believers, it was now abandoned. The only good thing about it was its strategic location, so some gangs liked gathering there.
As time went on, it started to become a central location within the slum where only prominent figures of the slum could enter and leave as they wished. “Hey! What are you doing here?”
###Chapter 1542 by Marina Vittori
Dustin had just gotten out of his car when he was blocked by two men with full tattoo sleeves.
“I’m here to meet someone,” Dustin answered coldly. “We need to run a body check on you!” the two men said before promptly patting Dustin down.
He did not resist their actions and simply stood there cooperatively without moving. He wasn’t going to do anything rash without ensuring Lana’s safety.
“Alright, go on in.” After checking Dustin and making sure that he didn’t have any weapons on him, the two men stood aside and let him in.
Dustin said nothing and entered the cathedral. In the cathedral, a burly man with unkempt stubble sat topless at a table.
He had a bunch of lackeys around him, and they were enjoying a huge feast of roasted lamb. There were also all sorts of alcohol on the table.
As they sat there, stuffing their faces with the lamb and chugging on alcohol, they looked like they were having the time of their lives.
Over in a corner, Lana was tied to a stone pillar with a blindfold over her eyes. Her shapely figure was further accentuated after being tied up. She looked really alluring.
The men watched her with undisguised lust in their eyes.
“Boss, the chick is too seductive. I can’t hold back any longer. Can I please have some fun with her already?” A bald man groped at his crotch with an evil grin. He kept running his eyes over Lana’s body lecherously.
“I haven’t even laid hands on her yet. Why are you so impatient?” the stubbled man snapped.
“It’s urgent, Boss. I haven’t had a release in a long time. If you let me have my way with her, I won’t take my pay this time!” the bald man said eagerly.
“Oh? Do you mean it?” The stubbled man raised a brow. The hostage was worth a lot, and the person who had hired them was generous, too. Hence, they were likely to each get at least several hundred thousand for this job.
The rascal was giving up a lot, paying hundreds of thousands to have his way with a woman.
“I mean every word! We’ve got so many witnesses here. I can’t possibly go back on my word, can I?” The bald man grabbed at his crotch yet again, appearing extremely restless.
It was a once-in-a-lifetime chance to meet someone as gorgeous as Lana. He wouldn’t even mind giving half his life away if he could have her, much less just spend a little fortune on her.
“Alright then, I guess you’re really desperate. I’ll let you have your fun first. But remember, don’t injure her in any way!
“That way, I can sell her off again for a good price,” the stubbled man instructed.
“No problem!” The bald man grinned and quickly made his way over to Lana. As he walked, he hastily removed his clothes. In no time at all, he was all naked.
“I’m here, honey!” The bald man stood before Lana and towered over her. Then, he gave a forceful tug on the hem of her dress. With a loud rip, most of the dress was torn off, revealing Lana’s fair, slender legs and lace underwear.
“What are you doing? Stop it!” Lana, who was still blindfolded, was flustered. She immediately began threatening the man, “I am a Camron! If you touch me, the Camron family will never let you off!”
“Haha! The Camron family? Even if you’re from an elite family, I’ll still have my way with you today!” He got even more excited, groping at Lana and tearing off what was left of her clothes.
Just as he was about to proceed further, a blinding glint of light flashed past. The bald man felt like something icy cold had come in contact with his lower body. When he looked down to see what it was, he was stunned.
His penis was on the ground!
###Chapter 1543 by Marina Vittori
“What?” The bald man looked at his penis on the ground, then at his crotch. The bald man was stupefied. His eyes widened in disbelief. What had just happened? Why was his penis on the ground?
“Ahh-!” After a moment, he came to terms with what he saw, and the man gave out a blood-curdling shriek. His knees gave way, and he fell on his butt. His nether region bled profusely.
“Ah! My dick! My dick!” the bald man shouted and groaned in pain as he rolled around on the ground. The sudden commotion shocked everyone.
“John! What’s going on?” the stubbled man immediately stood up and asked.
“My dick’s gone! Someone chopped my dick off!” the bald man, John, cried as he picked up his bloody dick and raised it high above his head, showing it to the rest of them.
“Damn it! Who the fuck did that? Who dares hurt my men? Get the fuck out here!”
The stubbled man scanned the room menacingly. All the other men pulled their weapons out, looking around warily.
“It was me.” Dustin walked out of the shadows with an indifferent look on his face. There were at least 20 to 30 men in the cathedral, and they were all law- breaking gang members. They could only be tyrants in the slum as they couldn’t get by in the city.
“Bastard, are you Dustin Rhys?” The stubbled man looked Dustin up and down. As the person who had hired them had given them a photo of Dustin, he could immediately recognize him.
“That’s right.” Dustin’s gaze swept across the place as he said coldly, “Who are you? How dare you abduct Ms. Camron?”
“Just so you know, I’m the leader of the Black Grizzly Gang, and these are my men!” the stubbled man shouted fiercely. “Someone has set a bounty on your life! This is where you will die today!”
“Who ordered you to do this?” Dustin asked.
“You wish to know?” The stubbled man chuckled. “I’ll tell you when you’re in your grave!”
“I’m giving you a chance now. If you reveal who’s behind this, I’ll spare your life,” Dustin said aloofly.
“You’ll spare us?” The stubbled man looked around him before bursting out in laughter.
“Hey bastard, are you dim-witted? There’s just one of you, and over 20 of us are here! How are you going to go against us?
“You’re really overestimating yourself. Do you think that the Black Grizzly Gang is to be messed with?”
The rest of the men sniggered among themselves, looking at Dustin like he was a fool.
The Black Grizzly Gang was one of the top three gangs in the slum, with members adding up to more than 100. And though not all of them were present today, those that were there were all elites.
Besides, this was their turf. It would be a piece of cake for them to wipe off a rascal like him.
“So, you’re not telling, are you?” Dustin’s gaze got increasingly cold.
“Like hell, I’m telling! Kill him!” the stubbled man ordered with a wave of his hand. He knew that divulging too much would put him in trouble. He firmly believed that actions speak louder than words.
“Charge!”
Without another word, the men from the Black Grizzly Gang unsheathed their knives and charged at Dustin.
“You’re asking for it!” Dustin huffed. He was not going to spare them. With the raise of his hand, the white flash of a blade sliced through the air in an arc.
The flash was like the scythe of Grim Reaper, and before anyone could see it, it sliced through the bodies of the men of the Black Grizzly Gang.
###Chapter 1544 by Marina Vittori
The members of the Black Grizzly Gang suddenly froze as they rushed forward. It was as if they had been turned into stones.
Soon, explosions could be heard, and all the members of the Black Grizzly Gang started swelling like balloons and exploded one by one. All of a sudden, severed limbs flew, and fresh blood splashed everywhere. It was a bloody mess in the deserted cathedral.
“What?” The stubbled man was stunned beyond words. The cigarette between his lips fell to the bloody ground.
Were they all dead? The fight was just about to start, and he had already killed 20 to 30 people! Was he really human? Only the devil could do such a thing!
His boss didn’t send them to a job; he sent them to their death!
“How could this be? Who is that person?” At this time, John looked terrified and could no longer care about the pain he felt.
They had initially thought this would be an easy kill with the support of their boss. There shouldn’t be any problem. They had never thought that their target would be this strong.
He could turn them into ashes with just the lift of his hand. It was truly terrifying! Severed limbs were scattered across the floor of the deserted cathedral, and its walls were painted with blood.
However, Dustin stood at the entrance, his clothes still as white as snow. His cold eyes gazed at them emotionlessly, like a higher being looking down upon lower lifeforms.
“It’s your turn now.” Dustin slowly turned and looked straight at the stubbled man. The man trembled and staggered backward, terrified. “Y-You! Stay away from me! If you dare to get any closer, I’ll kill her!” As he spoke, he took out a knife and held it against Lana’s neck.
The stubbled man felt more confident with the hostage in his hand. Dustin didn’t answer him; instead, with a swing of his arm, there was another flash of bright white light. Suddenly, the stubbled man’s arm was severed. His arm fell to the ground, still holding his knife.
“Ah!” After he recovered from the shock, the stubbled man hugged his severed arm and wailed painfully. All his threats sounded like a joke before this skilled fighter.
“I’ll give both of you another chance. The person who answers first will live. If not, you’ll end up like these corpses on the ground.” Dustin glanced coldly at John and the stubbled man. The men looked at each other nervously.
“I’ll ask again, who ordered you to kidnap Ms. Camron? And who planned all this?” Dustin questioned in a chilly tone.
Both of them fell silent when they heard Dustin’s question. Their boss was very powerful, and they would certainly be in trouble if they betrayed him. But of course, they weren’t sure if Dustin would keep to his words.
“John, don’t be fooled by him! He might not let us go even if we told him. As members of the Black Grizzly Gang, we must follow our principles or die trying!” The stubbled man shouted.
“That’s right! Death is nothing. Kill me if you can! I’ll go down in history anyway!” John was moved by the other man’s loyalty and looked ready to accept his fate.
“If you don’t want to tell me, then die!” Dustin didn’t want to waste time and was about to kill them.
“Hold on!” The stubbled man trembled in fear.
He immediately yielded and said, “I’ll tell, I’ll tell! I’ll tell you everything! Scott Mosey hired us to do all this! We were just following orders. Please spare me!”
“What?” John was dumbfounded at that. After all that, he was the butt of the joke.
###Chapter 1545 by Marina Vittori
John felt like thousands of wild horses were trampling his heart as he watched his leader surrender. Didn’t he say they would rather die than disgrace the gang’s principles? Didn’t he say they’d die trying?
Did he just fucking change his mind in a blink of an eye? Now that he could live, what would happen to him?
“Hey, didn’t you say we’d die together? Why did you suddenly change your mind?” John was shocked.
“Hey man, don’t blame me. I have a family to feed; I can’t die yet. Besides, you’re already infertile.
“There isn’t a purpose to your life anymore. I’ll take care of your siblings for you. You may leave in peace,” The stubbled man said compassionately.
“You asshole! You’ve betrayed our gang’s principles! You should fucking die!” John was furious as he unsheathed his knife and attempted to stab the stubbled man.
The stubbled man quickly reacted as he picked up a brick from the floor and aimed straight at John’s head.
“Bam!” It was a muted but sickening sound. The brick broke into pieces, and John’s head fractured. Blood gushed out from his wound as he staggered around dizzily before falling to the floor. However, the stubbled man didn’t stop. He continued to hit John’s head with the brick.
“Die! You should die!” The stubbled man looked hateful as he delivered blow after blow with all his might.
Very soon, John had stopped breathing completely. His head looked like a smashed watermelon as his blood and brain spilled out.
To make sure that John was really dead, the stubbled man picked up a knife and viciously stabbed it at John’s heart several times. He only stopped after he was sure there was no way John would be alive.
“You even killed your men. You’re really wicked,” Dustin commented calmly.
“Every man for himself. If he didn’t die, I’d be dead. He should have prepared himself when he decided to join the gang.” The stubbled man was breathless.
“You said it was Scott Mosey who hired you to do all this. Where is he now?” Dustin didn’t beat around the bush and went straight to the point.
“I wouldn’t have any idea about this. He’s our superior. Why would he tell us, the lowly gangsters, his whereabouts?” The stubbled man shook his head.
“How do you contact each other then?”
Dustin asked.
“Through his subordinates. They would contact us by phone. He’ll pay when we send a picture showing that we have completed the requested job.
“We never have to meet each other. It’s convenient and safer this way,” The stubbled man answered honestly.
“That’s a very foolproof arrangement.” Dustin narrowed his eyes. It was obvious that this wasn’t their first time working together. Scott must been used to hiring killers to take out his opponents. 10.
However, it was too bad that Scott was arrogant and underestimated Dustin.
“Good sir, now that I’ve told you everything I know, can I leave now?” The stubbled man said with a forced smile.
“My arm is severed, and I need to stop the bleeding. I need to rush to the hospital. If not, my life will be in danger.”
“It’s alright. Save yourself the trouble. I can help you,” Dustin said calmly.
“What? Are you a doctor as well?” The stubbled man asked inquisitively.
“Not by trade. But I know a little.” Dustin pointed his finger at the stubbled man’s forehead as he spoke.
“Bam!” At the sound of an explosion, there was a hole that looked like a gunshot wound on the stubbled man’s forehead.
“Y-You broke your promise!”
###Chapter 1546 by Marina Vittori
The stubbled man trembled and fell backward. He had never expected that.
“I don’t have to keep my promise with a piece of trash like you,” Dustin replied coldly.
After that, he stepped over the corpse and walked toward Lana. He untied her and took off the blindfold covering her eyes. He asked gently, “Ms. Camron, are you alright?”
“I’m fine. It’s a good thing you arrived in time. If not, I would have been defiled by these animals.” Lana let out a sigh of relief.
She might have seen a lot, but she had never gone through any experience like this. If Dustin had not saved her in time, they would have sold her off to another place after defiling her.
It would be terrible if that happened!
“I’m sorry, it’s all my fault.” Dustin felt a little guilty. He had upset Scott, so Scott kidnapped Lana to get back at him.
“What are you talking about? We’re partners! We’ll go through everything together! Isn’t that right?”
Lana laughed casually and continued, Besides, it’s all Scott’s fault. How is it your fault? We should get through this trouble together!”
“Let me handle Scott. You don’t have to worry about him.” Dustin said.
“Hey, Handsome, what do you plan to do?” Lana asked inquisitively.
“I’ll get rid of him, of course!” Dustin replied coldly.
“What?” Lana was shocked to hear that. “Handsome, please don’t do anything rash. Scott is Sir Mosey’s godson.
“He’s very powerful; we can’t afford to upset him. If you kill him, we’ll surely be in deep waters!”
“Don’t worry. I’ll make sure to erase my tracks, and no one will suspect a thing.” Dustin replied calmly.
“Besides, even if I don’t do anything, I don’t think he will leave us alone. Today’s incident is a great example. Rather than being kept on my toes, I’d rather make the first move and kill off the source!”
“Well…” Lana frowned slightly and was thinking hard about it. Scott was already infamous in the business world for doing anything to achieve his goal. This was not his first time, as he had kidnapped and killed countless others.
If Scott had decided to get rid of a person, they might escape only with severe injury, and that was if they survived the ordeal. Did Dustin really want to risk his life?
“Ms. Camron, don’t worry. This has nothing to do with you. I’ll take full responsibility if there’s any accident.” Dustin promised.
“What? Are you belittling me? Didn’t we say we would get through this together? How could I just stand at the side and watch?”
Lana said seriously, “Just tell me, what must I do? I’ll do my best to help!”
“You don’t have to do anything now. Just go home and get a good night’s sleep. We’ll talk about this tomorrow.” Dustin flashed her a smile.
“Hey, Handsome, I’m serious. Please do not take this risk alone. If anything should happen to you, I’d be very sad.” Lana sounded very serious.
“I know. Come on, let me drop you home.” Dustin smiled lightly and didn’t say anything else. He helped Lana get up, and they left the deserted cathedral together.
At this moment, there was already a crowd outside the cathedral. They were stunned to see Dustin walking out unscathed. They immediately made way for him.
The crowd knew very well that the Black Grizzly Gang was here for business today as they had gathered all their best fighters to ambush their target.
When they heard people screaming inside the cathedral, they knew something had gone wrong. No one had expected that Dustin, the Black Grizzly Gang’s target, would be the one walking out from the cathedral.
There was only one possible explanation for this. It would mean that the Black Grizzly Gang had been annihilated!
One person demolished the whole gang all by himself! Who would dare to upset a person as strong as Dustin?
###Chapter 1547 by Marina Vittori
The news about the Black Grizzy Gang’s doom spread quickly throughout the slum. The gangs who initially had set Dustin as their target avoided him like the plague.
The Black Grizzly Gang was one of the major gangs in the slum. No one expected them, especially their elite fighters, to be killed in the blink of an eye. Those who knew what was good for them wouldn’t dare to mess with Dustin.
With Lana by his side, Dustin drove out of the slum without any trouble. The story of the mighty warrior began to spread in the slum. After half an hour, they arrived at the entrance of Lana’s private mansion.
“Hey, Handsome, do you want to come in for a while?” As Lana got out of the car, she invited Dustin in with a smile. Her dress was torn. Her tattered clothes revealed her fair legs and sexy body.
“Thanks, but no thanks. It’s already late. You should get some rest.” Dustin rejected politely.
“Handsome, I’m a little scared to be alone now. How about you stay here with me for tonight? If a bad guy comes again, you can protect me better. How’s that?” Lana gave him another excuse.
“If you’re afraid, I can send a couple of bodyguards to stand guard in front of your house. It’s safer this way,” Dustin replied.
“I trust you more than anyone else.” Lana looked a little disenchanted as she continued, “Besides, the house is kind of dark.
“What if the bad guys are hiding inside? Why don’t you come in with me to have a look around? I’m not the strongest, you know? Are you afraid that I’ll eat you alive?”
“Well …” Dustin was put on the spot. In the end, he nodded reluctantly.” Alright then, I’ll go in with you and have a look around.”
“You’ve made the right decision. Welcome to my humble home!” Lana gave him a sweet smile and opened the door happily as she invited Dustin into her mansion.
The interior decoration of the house looked refreshing, with pastel colors as the main theme. It exuded the vibe of a youthful lady as dolls and soft toys were in every corner of the house.
There was also a shelf full of precious figurines. Dustin was quite surprised to see the decoration.
On any normal day, Lana had always exuded the vibe of a mature woman. He had no idea she was such a girlish and fun lady at heart. It was such a huge difference from her usual self.
“I don’t normally stay here. That’s why it’s a little messy. Hey, Handsome, make yourself at home. I’m going to shower and change into something else. “Lana walked up the stairs right away after informing Dustin.
Dustin didn’t stay idle. He went around the mansion to make sure that everything was alright. He feared Scott would keep a trick or two up his sleeves and kidnap Lana again. That’d be troublesome.
He walked around the house and checked every nook and cranny. He only returned to the living room when he was sure everything was fine.
A collection of family photos was at the center of the shelf in the living room. Dustin was curious and decided to look at the pictures.
Soon, he realized that the collection of pictures was a memoir of Lana’s childhood. The family had pictures together from when Lana was a baby until she graduated from college.
It was obvious that Lana was beautiful since young. Of course, she took after her mother’s good looks. The three of them looked jovial with their smiling faces. They were a blissfully happy family.
However, this bliss only lasted till Lana was 18 years old. There were only two people in the family photo after that. Only Lana and her father, Matteo Camron, were in the photo. Her mother was no longer in the frame.
There were only two possible explanations for this. It was either her mother passed away, or her parents divorced.
“What are you looking at?” With rollers in her wet hair, Lana walked down the stairs slowly, wearing a silky pink nightgown.
When she saw Dustin looking at the pictures, she smiled slightly and said, ” There’s nothing to see here as they are all old pictures. I was very young then and wasn’t the most eye-catching.”
###Chapter 1548 by Marina Vittori
“You look pretty even when you were young.” Dustin praised politely. Even though Lana captured everyone’s attention now, she was obviously eye- catching since she was young.
“Well, the past is the past.” Lana opened her fridge, turned around to look at Dustin, and asked, “Hey, Handsome, what do you want to drink?
“I’m good with anything,” Dustin replied.
“Alright then.” Lana took out a dozen cans of beer and put them on the coffee table. She also put some snacks on the table to go with the beer.
“Here’s to us!” Lana opened two cans of chilled beer and gave one to Dustin. After they chinked cans, they started drinking happily.
“This feels great!” Lana downed half a can of beer in one go. She smiled happily as her eyes crinkled in joy. The pleasure of having chilled beer on a hot summer’s evening was beyond description.
“Hey, Handsome, what do you think of me?” Lana drank and asked with a smile.
“A kind beauty.” Dustin gave her a simple answer. They had worked together seamlessly since they got to know each other. Lana might appear to be fickle-minded, but she had never disappointed them.
The most important point was that she had always treated him sincerely like a friend. Based on that alone, he thought their friendship was important.
“Haha! Your comment is pretty accurate. I thought you might think of me as a promiscuous woman.” Lana smiled coyly.
“Rumors aren’t always true. I rather trust what I see.” Dustin smiled.
“You know me best, Handsome. Here, let’s drink!” Lana picked up her can of beer, chinked with Dustin’s can, and sighed. “About those rumors, it’s mixed with the truth.
“Many say that I’m a promiscuous woman and that I like having boy toys around me. I’ll never admit that I’m a promiscuous person, but I’ll admit that I have quite a few boy toys.”
“What?” Dustin was taken aback. He didn’t know how to react to what Lana said.
“Are you very shocked?” Lana cocked her beautiful brows and laughed. “It’s not that I have a freaky hobby or anything. The only reason I keep a few boy toys is to maintain a bad reputation.
“What do you mean?” Dustin’s interest was piqued. He thought all women would prioritize their reputation. Why would Lana ruin her own reputation on purpose?
“I’m a woman and a pretty one at that. Life isn’t always rosy, especially for a woman from a reputable family like me.
“When I reached a marriageable age, I automatically became a pawn for my family for convenient marriage.
“Three years ago, when my family decided to expand their business, they wanted to marry me off to the Killian family.
“The person that I was going to marry was an infamous psychopath. Every woman that he’d been with would be tortured mercilessly. Some even almost died.
“I rejected the marriage proposal at first. However, personal preference was nothing compared to the benefit the marriage would bring the family.
“It didn’t matter if they knew that the Killian guy was an asshole. The elders in the family still agreed to the marriage for the family’s prosperity. Even my father couldn’t stop them.
“I had no options other than dragging my reputation through the mud. I had to become promiscuous, and I had to make others think of me as a loose woman.
“The Killian family then called off the marriage to protect their reputation. I escaped a bad marriage thanks to my bad reputation. This is why people talk badly about me and my bad reputation.”
Lana spoke in detail about her past as she drank. She had never had a heart-to -heart talk with anyone. Dustin was her first.
She had no idea why she didn’t want Dustin to misunderstand her. She didn’t like the idea of Dustin keeping a distance from her, nor did she want him to hold any grudges against her. Could it be that she was falling for him?
###Chapter 1549 by Marina Vittori
While listening to Lana’s story, Dustin couldn’t help but be astonished. Despite their privileged lives, some daughters of wealthy families still had to contribute value to their families.
Either they excelled in business, continuously earning profits for the family, or were strikingly beautiful, securing benefits through an arranged marriage.
Women like Lana, both beautiful and outstanding, were crucial pawns for their families to climb the social ladder.
Therefore, she couldn’t decide her marriage on her own. After all, the Camron family relied on her, and she carried the weight of the entire family.
Dustin finally understood why Lana was willing to endure gossip and tarnish her reputation. Ultimately, she had no choice, being forced into a situation beyond her control.
“Here, cheers,” Dustin said, raising his can.
“Cheers!” Lana smiled, clinked their beer cans, and finished the remaining beer. She then opened two more cans, handing one to Dustin.
“I consider myself lucky to have met you. You helped me and gave me a chance to choose,” Lana said with a smile.
“Since Dew Balm became popular, my status in the family has risen. The elders no longer forced me into marriage.
“They believe I can elevate the Camron family to a prominent position in Oakvale. If I can achieve that, the Camron family can’t force me into anything!”
“Really? Congratulations then,” Dustin replied with a smile.
“I never thought I would one day
decide my future. I can only say you’re
my lucky star,” Lana said.
“We’ve helped each other,” Dustin humbly added.
“Hey, handsome, now that you know me well, would you consider being my boyfriend? I think we get along well,” Lana suddenly blurted out, her eyes fixed on Dustin with a mixture of expectation and nervousness.
Despite her usual playful demeanor, today’s confession was a first for her.
“What?” Dustin’s smile stiffened, feeling awkward. “Ms. Camron, you’re a great person, but I already have a fiancée. Let’s just be friends.”
It was better to make things clear early to avoid unnecessary misunderstandings.
“Haha… I was just pulling your leg. Lighten up a bit.” Lana laughed, but disappointment flickered in her eyes.
She could fool others but not herself. She genuinely liked this intriguing and remarkable man, but he was already committed. They were meant to cross paths but not destined to be together.
“That was a joke? You startled me,” Dustin said, taking a sip to ease the tension.
“By the way, what does your fiancée look like? When are you going to introduce us? Maybe we can become good friends,” Lana teased.
“You’ve already met her at the company’s launch,” Dustin replied.
“Met her already? Who is she?” Lana was puzzled.
“Natasha Harmon,” Dustin revealed without reservation.
“What?” Lana was taken aback. “Are you saying your fiancée is the granddaughter of the Duke of Lachshire?”
“That’s right,” Dustin nodded. At this point, he had no intention of keeping things under wraps. It was better, to be honest, now.
“No wonder there were so many VIPs at the launch. It was all because of Ms. Harmon,” Lana remarked, her expression shifting to one of surprise.
“I honestly didn’t see that coming- for your fiancée to be her.” Other than shock, there was resignation in her eyes.
She had initially wondered what type of woman could capture Dustin’s attention. Now that she knew it was Natasha Harmon, the widely acclaimed beauty, everything suddenly fell into place.
Natasha Harmon, a radiant presence on the Beauty Ranking list, ranked at the forefront as one of the most stunning women. She outshined Lana in terms of looks, physique, and charm.
###Chapter 1550 by Marina Vittori
As if it was a fairy tail, Natasha turned out to be the granddaughter of the Duke of Lachshire. Her newfound identity commanded respect, as Natasha effortlessly overshadowed Lana.
For a moment, Lana couldn’t shake the feeling of inferiority. However, realizing that such an outstanding woman had chosen Dustin, Lana felt reassured in her judgment.
“Honestly, it caught me off guard because I didn’t know she was the Duke of Lachshire’s granddaughter when I first met her,” Dustin shrugged.
“So, you lucked out big time?” Lana teased.
“Something along those lines.” Dustin chuckled without explicitly confirming or denying it.
“Cheers to you two and a whole life of happiness!” Lana raised her beer, clinked it with Dustin’s, and then downed it in one go.
The two continued their conversation over drinks, feeling even more at ease without the complexities of a romantic relationship. Lana had tucked away her feelings for Dustin deep in her heart. In the grand scheme of life, regrets were inevitable.
Having a crush on someone didn’t mean you had to claim them as your own. Being friends, sharing a drink and conversation from time to time-now, wasn’t that nice?
As the night wore on, after a few more beers, Dustin decided to call it a night. Lana watched him drive away.
Lana stretched lazily on the bed and gazed at the ceiling. There were still some lingering attachments in her heart. Suddenly, her phone rang. Lana picked it up and saw it was a call from her uncle, Corey Camron.
“Hello, Uncle Corey, it’s already late. Can’t it wait until tomorrow?” Lana lazily asked.
“Lana, there’s an urgent matter at home. Hurry back!” The voice on the other end sounded tense.
“What happened?” Lana was curious.
“It’s hard to explain over the phone. You’ll know when you get here.” The voice urged her.
“Alright, I’ll be there in a while.” After hanging up, Lana didn’t dare to delay. She changed into another set of clothes and immediately left.
Thirty minutes later, Lana pulled up to Camron Manor. The place was pretty big, and it housed some key family members. Usually, family get- togethers and meetings took place here.
But a late-night meeting like this was rare. Lana stepped out of the car and headed toward the meeting hall with familiarity. The hall was well-lit, and the key members of the Camron family were seated, and the air was tense.
Behind them, a line of bodyguards in suits and sunglasses stood, their waists bulging, indicating concealed weapons.
“Uncle Corey, I’m here. What’s the urgent matter?” Lana walked in easily. However, the peculiar atmosphere in the meeting hall, especially the presence of unfamiliar bodyguards, immediately set off her alarms.
“Uncle Corey, what’s-“Lana was about to ask when a cold gun abruptly pressed against the back of her head.
###Chapter 1551 by Marina Vittori
“Ms. Camron, don’t move a muscle. You should be careful; bullets don’t care who they hit.” A chilling voice came from behind Lana. Lana turned around to the ominous sight of a gun barrel and a menacing face.
“Who are you? You think you can just waltz in here and stir up trouble in the Camron family?” Lana demanded, her tone firm.
“Ms. Camron, no need to get all riled up. We’re just following orders,” the gunman replied with indifference.
“Orders? Whose orders?” Lana pressed.
“Clearly, they’re my orders.”
At that moment, a slim man in a suit, wearing a stern expression, entered the meeting room. It was Scott from the Mosey family.
“You?” Seeing Scott, Lana’s expression shifted immediately. She had just escaped from the trouble at the slums. She didn’t expect Scott to track her down so quickly.
“Ms. Camron, we will meet again.”
Scott grinned as he approached, lifting Lana’s chin with his finger. “Quite the looker. I can’t help but be a little intrigued.”
“Mr. Mosey, we haven’t had any conflicts. Why are you doing this?” Lana furrowed her brows.
“No conflicts?” Scott chuckled. “You made a fortune selling Dew Balm but refused to cooperate with me. Doesn’t that count as holding a grudge?”
“Mr. Mosey, if it’s a business matter, we can discuss it calmly. No need for unnecessary drama,” Lana attempted to calm the situation.
“Business? It’s just a matter of making a little less money. But what I’m really mad about is the humiliation you brought upon me on your opening day!”
Scott snapped, his face full of anger, As a member of the Mosey family, you treated me like I was a dog. I’ve suffered enough humiliation. I can’t sleep peacefully if I don’t make you pay for your actions!”
“Mr. Mosey, Ms. Nicholson has assured that the matter won’t be pursued further. Aren’t you just disrespecting her decision?” Lana frowned.
“Dahlia?” Scott sneered. “My godfather highly regards her and chose her as the chief housekeeper, but it won’t be long before she loses power.
“I was wary of her, but soon she won’t be able to protect herself. So why would she care for people like you? So, your fate is now in my hands.”
“Mr. Mosey, this matter has nothing to do with the Camron family. It was all that bastard, Dustin, who did it! If you have a bone to pick, go after him. It’s none of our business!” Corey pleaded humbly.
“Yes, Mr. Mosey, we’re all innocent. Please spare us!” other members of the Camron family begged one after another.
The Camron family was just a second- tier family, not even noble. They were nothing compared to an ancient house family like the Moseys. With Scott’s standing, it would be easy for him to ruin them.
“There’s no rush. I’ll settle the score with Dustin on my own. For now, let’s deal with our business,” Scott strolled to the main seat, reclining into the chair. It was like a game of cat-and- mouse for him.
“Mr. Mosey, what exactly do you want? “Lana inquired with a solemn tone.
“Initially, I planned to handle Dustin through the Black Grizzly Gang discreetly, but I underestimated him a bit.
“I have to admit he has some skills to be able to eliminate all the elites of the Black Grizzly Gang effortlessly. So now, I must take him seriously and regard him as a formidable opponent.
“Of course. To avoid tipping Dustin off, I need your help. As long as you help me out, we’ll be friends from now on. How about it?” Scott grinned as he spoke.
###Chapter 1552 by Marina Vittori
Despite his smile, Scott looked far from trustworthy..
“What does Mr. Mosey want me to do?” Lana suddenly felt uneasy.
“Simple. Tomorrow, find an excuse to invite Dustin for dinner. Slip this bottle of Tranqurin into his drink.
“Once it kicks in, you can bail, and I’ll handle the rest,” Scott explained, putting a black medicine bottle on the table containing Tranqurin. It was a drug designed to take down martial artist masters.
“Mr. Mosey, please think this through. Is it necessary to go this far?” Lana’s face soured. Anyone could figure out what Scott was scheming. If she drugged Dustin, she’d be part of the scheme.
“Far?” Scott Mosey laughed, a mocking grin on his face.
“Ms. Camron, this is just the tip of the iceberg. I made many other more ruthless plans; interested to hear them?
“Like bankrupting your Camron family or framing you all and tossing you into prison. How about that?”
“Mr. Mosey, you’re pushing it! Oakvale isn’t a lawless place!” Lana was growing furious.
“Law?” Scott laughed heartily. “Ms. Camron, you’re not a kid anymore, stop spouting na?ve shit. I’m disappointed in you.”
The law shielded the powerful, leaving the powerless at its mercy. If an ordinary person committed a crime, they were immediately imprisoned, while the privileged could still evade justice. It had been a consistent pattern throughout history.
“Mr. Mosey! If you’re using me to kill someone, I’m not doing it. If you dare, then kill me!” Lana’s face turned cold, her gaze unwavering. She wouldn’t betray a friend, especially a friend who was more than a friend to her.
“Ms. Camron, you’re quite the gutsy woman.” Scott stood up, staring Lana down. “But I’m curious. Is it worth risking your life for a little boy toy?”
“It’s none of your business!” Lana shot back coldly.
“Fascinating. This is quite the spectacle.” Scott, still smirking, said, ” A woman who’s been with just about anyone now falling for someone. Truly a wonder of the world!”
“If you’re planning to kill me, just get on with it. No need for the chatter!”
Lana faced death head-on.
Considering Scott’s personality, he wouldn’t let her off easy, even if he dealt with Dustin.
“Ms. Camron, I respect your courage. You’re not afraid of dying, but what about your family? Will they go with you?” Scott suddenly turned to the Camron family members, smirking.
“You got three minutes to decide. If you disagree, I’ll kill off one Camron family member every minute until they’re all dead. Now, let the countdown begin!”
###Chapter 1553 by Marina Vittori
The Camron family instantly panicked as soon as Scott said those words. They had done nothing wrong but found themselves victims of this mess.
“Mr. Mosey! Mr. Mosey, please have mercy!” Corey pleaded, dropping to his knees in fear. “The Camron family has always followed the law. You can’t just harm innocent lives!”
“Mr. Mosey! You’re a person of great standing. Please spare us!” The Camron family members panicked and pleaded.
However, Scott remained unmoved. He casually remarked, “Your pleas won’t work on me. If you want mercy, ask Ms. Camron. Your fate rests in her hands.”
“Lana! What are you waiting for? Just agree!” Corey shouted in desperation, ” Are you going to stand there and watch your loved ones die?”
“Uncle Corey! Dustin saved my life; I can’t betray him!” Lana frowned deeply.
“Oh, screw that!” Corey erupted, “Our survival is more important! Dustin’s life can’t compare to the lives of your entire family!”
“Uncle Corey, our family is not insignificant. I refuse to believe Scott would dare to act recklessly!” Lana insisted.
Even if Scott were seeking vengeance, the Mosey family, being well-known and respected, wouldn’t resort to open and audacious murder.
“Not dare to act?” Scott chuckled and snapped his fingers.
The next moment, a gunshot rang out. A young man from the Camron family shuddered and looked down. A bloodied hole had appeared in his chest, and blood sprayed out continuously.
The man gasped, unable to utter a word. His vision darkened, and he collapsed on the ground, succumbing to death instantly.
Silence enveloped the entire area as the Camron family witnessed the scene. Everyone was stunned, and their eyes widened in disbelief.
They knew Scott wasn’t a good person, but they hadn’t expected him to be so ruthless. There was no hesitation, just cold-blooded murder.
“It can’t be true …” Lana stood frozen. It was at this moment that she realized Scott wasn’t bluffing; he was genuinely going to murder them.
“Ms. Camron, do you still think I’m joking?” Scott sneered, “I’m a man of my word. If you disagree, I’ll shoot each member of the Camron family here, one by one!”
“Scott Mosey! You monster!” Lana couldn’t contain her anger. Suddenly, she pulled out a knife and thrust it toward him. Before she could get close, a bodyguard nearby kicked her in the abdomen. Lana flew back a few feet away, drenched in sweat and pain, unable to stand.
“Ms. Camron, I advise you not to do anything foolish. If I get a scratch, your entire family will die,” he grinned.
“If you’ve got the guts, come at me instead of bullying the weak here! What kind of man are you?” Lana gritted her teeth.
According to the martial world’s rules, harm shouldn’t befall one’s family, but the man before them had no care for such a rule.
“I’m a peculiar person. The more you seek death, the more I deny it. It’s those who fear death that I refuse to let them live.” Scott smiled.
“Now, make a choice. Will you continue to protect Dustin, or will you safeguard your family?”
“I…” Lana hesitated, conflicted. On one side was the person she cared about; on the other was her family. She genuinely didn’t know how to choose.
“Judging by your indecision, it seems you haven’t made up your mind. Let me help you again.” Scott snapped his fingers, and a gunshot echoed.
###Chapter 1554 by Marina Vittori
Another gunshot shattered the room, and another member of the Camron family fell to the ground. There was a growing pool of blood marking the tragic scene. The meeting hall exploded in shock, cries, and pleas for mercy. It became a chaotic mix of sobs, shouts, and desperate appeals.
“You heartless monster! I’ll take you down!”
Lana’s eyes blazed with anger as she seized a knife from the floor and charged forward. Yet, Scott’s bodyguards ruthlessly kicked her back down before she could rise.
“Ms. Camron, it seems these ordinary family members don’t hold much weight for you compared to Dustin,” remarked Scott, clapping his hands. Soon, two burly bodyguards dragged in a middle-aged man. It was Matteo, Lana’s father.
“Dad!” Lana’s expression instantly shifted when she was her father; fear etched all over her face. She didn’t expect her father to be held hostage. It was a distressing turn of events.
“Ms. Camron, I’ll give you credit for bravery, but if it comes down to choosing between your father and Dustin, who gets the nod?” Scott inquired.
“N-No… Please, don’t-!” Lana vigorously shook her head, tears streaming down her face. Scott signaled, took the gun from his subordinate, and pressed it against Matteo’s temple.
Once more, he stated, “I’ll ask one last time. Will you agree or not? I’m running out of patience and don’t have time to waste. I’ll count down from three, and if you don’t answer, I’ll pull the trigger.”
“Three…”
“Two…”
“On-”
Before the final number could be spoken, Lana panicked and exclaimed, “Agree! I agree! Please, let my dad go!”
“That’s more like it.” Scott grinned, tossed the gun to his subordinate, and approached Lana. He lifted her chin, looking at her mockingly.
“Ms. Camron, I’m expecting good news from you tomorrow. Only success is acceptable. There is no room for failure. If Dustin is still breathing, I’ll be back, and it won’t be as pleasant as tonight.”
With that, he walked away, satisfied. He relished the sensation of manipulating others; it was simply delightful.
Lana’s legs gave way, and she collapsed on the ground, tears flowing like a river. She cared for Dustin but couldn’t sacrifice her father for him. Between family and love, she had to make a choice. It was painful and inevitable.
“Lana! This is all your fault! You’ve killed two members of the Camron family. If you had decided earlier, none of this would have happened!” Corey yelled in anger.
The shock made it hard for him to remain composed; he needed to release his pent-up emotions.
“You’re right! This ungrateful woman is willing to sacrifice our Camron family for a little boy toy. She’s a disgrace to our family!” Others joined in the accusations. In their eyes, Lana was a traitor.
Lana seemed oblivious to the condemnation and anger from others, sitting on the ground as if she had lost her soul.
As she stared at the drug on the table, her heart was a mess. Scott’s subordinates kept a close watch, ready to act if she showed any sign of resistance.
For now, it seemed she had no choice but to follow orders and become a puppet in his game.
However, poisoning Dustin with her own hands was even more unbearable than her own death. She didn’t know what to do; the decision was too difficult.
###Chapter 1555 by Marina Vittori
After a night without sleep, Lana reluctantly called Dustin. Then, she invited him for lunch at her place.
Dustin, unsuspecting, agreed without hesitation. After ending the call, Lana slumped into a chair, her face pale and eyes lifeless. Her worn-out appearance was proof of her sleepless night.
“Lana, how’d it go? Did you get a hold of Dustin?” Matteo walked into the room. She didn’t say a word and simply nodded.
Matteo couldn’t help but sigh as he observed Lana’s depressed expression. He reassured her, “Lana, I understand you’re upset, but we’re out of options.
“We can’t afford to mess with Scott. With the Moseys behind him, we can’t risk crossing him. Many members of the Camron family are already in his hands. If we resist, they will end up dead.
“So, this time, we’ve got no choice but to play the bad guys.” By the end of his speech, Matteo’s expression darkened.
He had a favorable view of Dustin- young, talented, and brimming with potential. Little did he expect Dustin to stir trouble with the Moseys. Now, Dustin was in serious trouble.
“Dad, are there really no alternatives? Can’t we seek help to resolve this conflict?” Lana inquired cautiously.
“I’ve tried, but it’s pointless.” Matteo shook his head.
“The moment my friends catch wind of ‘the Mosey family, they immediately hang up. You should understand the Moseys’ influence; hardly anyone in Oakvale dares to defy them.”
In Oakvale, the four ancient houses ranked with the Spanner family at the top, followed by the Mosey family. Then, the Ballard and Fallon families.
Moreover, the Mosey family wasn’t far behind the Spanner family in power and influence.
The Spanners’ twins were the main reason for their influence and power. Other than Aylka’s royalty, the Spanner family was the only family capable of rivaling the Moseys.
The Camron family were at Scott’s mercy with no escape route. If they resisted, it would inevitably lead to destruction. This was the harsh reality, and there was no way around it.
“Why? Why did it come to this?” Lana bit her lip, fists clenched, a face full of humiliation and reluctance. But ultimately, she felt helpless and despair.
As Matteo had said, no one dared to offend the Moseys. The critical point was that Scott held a considerable number of hostages. If she didn’t comply, her father and her family would all die.
“Lana, brace yourself. Dustin will be here soon. Don’t reveal any vulnerabilities; otherwise, we’re finished,” Matteo cautioned with a heavy heart.
“I know.” Lana nodded solemnly without saying a word. At this point, she had no choice but to go along with it. At noon, Dustin arrived at the Camron manor, and Lana and her father greeted him at the door.
“Hey, Dustin! You’re here? Please, come inside.” Matteo greeted him with a smile.
###Chapter 1556 by Marina Vittori
Lana, who was feeling gloomy and distracted, only snapped back to attention when Matteo nudged her arm. She forced a smile, saying, “Dustin, I’ve got some food and drinks ready. Please, come in.”
“Thank you,” Dustin replied with a smile. As they entered, the three exchanged pleasantries. The Camron family seemed unusually calm today, and few people were in the vast estate. They chatted as they walked to the dining room.
Soon, a spread of mouth-watering dishes was brought to the table.
“Ms. Camron, you didn’t just invite me for a meal, did you? Is there something on your mind?” Dustin inquired.
“I “Lana hesitated, momentarily lost for words. She had been in a daze the entire day. She didn’t plan what she was going to say.
Fortunately, Matteo swiftly intervened, deflecting the situation. “Dustin, can’t I invite you for a meal without any hidden agenda?
“Your Dew Balm has done us a great favor, opening the door for us to rise in status. Naturally, we want to express our gratitude.”
“Mr. Camron, you’re too kind. This is a mutually beneficial situation. Let’s toast to each other’s success,” Dustin humbly replied.
“Besides, Lana and I have become friends. There will be more opportunities for cooperation in the future, and I’ll need Mr. Camron’s support.”
“Haha, that’s great!” Matteo laughed and gestured, shouting, “Come, bring that bottle of fine wine I’ve been saving. It deserves to be drunk today with Dustin!”
Then, a cask of aged wine was brought to the table. Upon opening it, the rich aroma filled the air.
“This rich fragrance must be a wine aged for over 50 years, right?” Dustin sniffed.
“Exactly! This cask has been stored for 80 years. It was quite a challenge to acquire, and I’ve been reluctant to open it.
“But today, I decided to bring it out for a distinguished guest like you.” Matteo smiled.
“Oh? So, I’m in for a treat today?” Dustin grinned.
“Come, let me fill your glass!” Matteo was enthusiastic, pouring three glasses -one for each. They raised their glasses and toasted.”
Dustin, here’s to a pleasant collaboration in the future. Cheers!”
“Cheers.” Dustin immediately lifted his glass in response. However, just as it was about to reach his lips, he suddenly stopped and looked at Lana in confusion. “Ms. Camron, what’s going on with you today? You’ve been out of sorts. Are you feeling unwell?”
“W-What? Oh, I’m fine.” Lana forced a smile.
“Little tired from all the recent busyness, maybe?”
Matteo quickly intervened with a laugh. “Don’t worry so much now. Let’s forget our worries and enjoy a drink together!
He then shot a glance at Lana.
Struggling, Lana lifted her glass, her arm trembling uncontrollably. Unbeknownst to Dustin, the colorless and tasteless Tranqurin had been added to the drink-a potent relaxant.
Once consumed, it would leave the person utterly powerless and subjected to the whims of others.
“Ms. Camron, cheers!” Dustin smiled and raised his glass, bringing it to his lips.
“Wait!” Lana’s anxiety surged, making it hard for her to stay silent.
“What’s up?” Dustin looked confused.
“N-nothing… You’ve probably got things to do today, right? Maybe you should take it easy on the drinks,” Lana stammered, uncertain how to explain.
This made Matteo furrow his brows, though he didn’t reveal it.
“This is no big deal. I can handle a few drinks.” Dustin chuckled, undeterred, lifting his glass again.
Lana’s complexion drained as she witnessed this. She swiftly reached out, knocking his glass away, urgently exclaiming, ” Don’t drink it! The wine is spiked!”
###Chapter 1557 by Marina Vittori
The crisp sound of Dustin’s glass hitting the ground echoed through the room. Its contents spilled to the ground. Lana stood there, perplexed and uncertain; her actions were instinctive and beyond her control.
Even Lana couldn’t understand why she impulsively reacted as Dustin was about to take a sip. At that moment, Lana and Matteo went pale, with beads of sweat forming on their foreheads.
The very scenario Matteo dreaded had now become a reality. Initially, he could have secured his family’s safety by sacrificing Dustin. However, his daughter’s actions ruined the entire plan. It would spell disaster for the Camron family if Scott knew about it!
“Ms. Camron, what was that about? The drink is spiked?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, puzzled.
Lana swallowed hard. After a few seconds of contemplation, as if reaching a resolute decision, she urgently said, “Dustin, today is a setup. Someone spiked your drink; they intended to harm you. You need to leave now!”
With that, she grabbed Dustin’s arm, pulling him toward the door.
“Lana! Have you lost your mind?” Matteo slammed the table, shouting, ” Do you realize what you’re doing? Your actions could jeopardize the entire family!”
“Dad! I don’t care about that now. I just want Dustin to live. I can’t throw him into the fire!” Lana’s eyes welled with tears.
“If Dustin lives, we die. Don’t you understand? We have no choice!” Matteo roared.
“We can escape, leave Oakvale; maybe there’s still a chance for us,” Lana suggested.
“Don’t be naive! The Mosey family had their men watch us for a long time. Where can we escape to?” Matteo, frustrated, scolded. He hadn’t anticipated his daughter to be so infatuated with one man, even risking the entire family’s safety.
“I don’t know, I really don’t know. I just want to take Dustin away!” Lana cried. In her current state of turmoil, she had completely lost her composure.
“Lana! The family’s future can’t be decided by you alone! Regardless, Dustin must stay here today!” Matteo suddenly shouted.
Following his shout, a group of bodyguards rushed in and surrounded Dustin and Lana. As a precaution, he had made preparations. If Dustin drank, everything would be peaceful; if not, they would have to resort to force.
“Mr. Camron, what are you doing? What happened?” Dustin frowned.
“Dustin, I’m sorry. I didn’t want it to come to this, but for the safety of the Camron family, I have no choice.” Matteo looked conflicted.
“Mr. Camron, you can tell me if you’re facing trouble. I’ll help you resolve it. Why escalate it to this point?” Dustin said.
“You can’t solve this. Today, it’s either your death or our downfall. There’s no other choice. Take him down!” Matteo gritted his teeth and ordered.
“Stop! Everyone stop!” Lana suddenly pulled out a knife, holding it against her own neck. “Dad! I’ll die here with Dustin if you dare to act recklessly!”
“Y-You brat, what are you doing? Put the knife down!” Matteo was startled.
“Let us go, or I’ll die here with Dustin!” Lana, tearful, spoke with unwavering determination. She pressed the sharp blade against her skin, and a trickle of blood slowly seeped out.
“Lana, don’t do something reckless! It could cost lives!” Matteo pleaded urgently. She was his only daughter, whom he had pampered since she was young. His heart ached as he saw her bleed.
“Dad, I’m sorry. Your daughter is disobedient. Please allow me to be willful just this once,” Lana cried, tears flowing, yet her gaze remained resolute.
###Chapter 1558 by Marina Vittori
With the knife clenched tightly, Lana applied more pressure, and the wound on her neck deepened. Matteo’s heart ached as he saw that, helpless against his daughter. He eventually gave in. “Alright, I’ll let you two go. But starting today, you’re no longer part of the Camron family!”
He declared sternly, “From now on, we’re done. I’ll act like I never had a daughter like you, Lana.”
“Dad?” Lana quivered, her face etched with anguish.
“I’m not your father anymore! Leave now!” Matteo waved, signaling the guards to step back. Then he turned away, refusing to look at Lana.
Tears filled his eyes without him realizing it. He muttered, “Lana, live well. Go away from this treacherous place like Oakvale. I wish you happiness.
“Dad, I’m sorry.” Lana was hit with a wave of guilt as she saw Matteo’s hunched figure. After a brief hesitation, she wiped away her tears, grabbed Dustin, and rushed toward the door. Once out of the living room, Dustin couldn’t help but ask, “Ms. Camron, what’s going on?”
“No time to explain! The Moseys’ spies are everywhere; we need to leave quickly. If they find out, you won’t make it out today!”
With Dustin in tow, Lana hurriedly ran, her eyes darting nervously in all directions.
“The Moseys?” Dustin furrowed his brow slightly. He thought, “Is Scott up to something again?”
“Let’s use the back door!” Lana carefully led Dustin to the mansion’s back door, ensuring they weren’t spotted.
Lana opened the door and confirmed no unusual activity. Then Lana turned to Dustin. She quickly advised, “Follow this path straight ahead. You’ll soon reach the main road.
“Once you get home, pack your bags and leave Oakvale immediately. It’s not safe here anymore!”
“Ms. Camron, it may not be that serious. If you’re worried about Scott, I can handle him,” Dustin suggested.
“I know you have Ms. Harmon. But Mr. Mosey has the support of Veros Warrior and the Moseys. Even Ms. Harmon can’t afford to offend them. Just trust me, leave quickly!” Lana said with a solemn expression.
“I’m leaving, but what about you?” Dustin countered.
“I’ll find a way to escape and keep myself safe.”
With a forced smile, Lana added, “Scott is after you. He probably won’t harm me. Don’t worry about me; just go.”
Without waiting for Dustin’s response, she pushed him out the door.
“Ms. Camron, I-Dustin was about to explain when Lana saw something; her expression suddenly changed.
“Watch out!” Lana exclaimed and used all her strength to push Dustin away. Following that, a series of gunshots rang out. A barrage of bullets hit Lana, creating over a dozen bloody holes in her. Everything happened so unexpectedly that even Dustin couldn’t intervene in time.
“Go… quickly….” Lana, with blood flowing from her mouth, gazed at Dustin. She reached out her hand as if grasping for something.
But her body eventually gave way, collapsing into a pool of blood.
###Chapter 1559 by Marina Vittori
“Ms. Camron!” Dustin’s expression changed as he witnessed Lana falling to the ground after getting shot. Acting swiftly, he assisted her to her feet.
Lana was bleeding profusely, her complexion turning paler, and her pupils dilating. Without second thoughts, Dustin took a silver needle and closed Lana’s pressure points to stop the bleeding.
Just as he was about to channel his true energy for treatment, gunshots came from behind. Even more intense gunfire erupted from outside, enveloping Dustin and Lana in a barrage of bullets. Stones were sent flying, and dust billowed in the air.
After the onslaught, a fully armed team of assassins emerged from behind the trees.
“Thought they were tough, but it turns out they’re quite disappointing,” their muscular leader quipped as he lit a cigarette and exhaled smoke. A large number of assassins were standing by at all entrances and exits of the estate.
“Boss, with our firepower, who can stand up to us?” One of the assassins chuckled.
“That’s true.” The muscular man grinned. “Okay, gather the bodies, and let’s get the reward from Mr. Mosey. Tonight, we’re drinking till we drop!”
This announcement immediately boosted the morale of the assassins. The promised payment was generous enough to fund them for years.
“Boss! We’ve got a situation!” One of the assassin henchmen’s expressions suddenly turned grim. Following his gaze, everyone saw a man covered in blood emerging from the smoke.
It was Dustin!
“How is this possible? The bastard didn’t die!” The muscular man furrowed his brow, astonished. The other assassins exchanged glances, some finding it hard to believe. They had emptied dozens of rounds to turn even the toughest person into a hornet’s nest.
Yet, apart from some tattered clothes, Dustin was basically unscathed. The blood on him was from the woman earlier.
“What the hell! The bastard actually survived?” The muscular man tossed his cigarette to the ground and crushed it.
“All of you, today you must die,” Dustin uttered coldly. There was no anger, no shouting-just a steely detachment that sent shivers down their spines.
“Quick! Shoot!” The muscular man hastily changed his magazine. The other assassins raised their guns and fired.
But in the next second, Dustin disappeared from his spot. When he reappeared, he was already amidst the assassins. With a swift swing of his hand, he cut one assassin, along with his gun, in half.
A punch followed, piercing through another assassin’s chest before they could react. In the blink of an eye, two fully armed assassins were dead.
Dustin didn’t stop, continuing to reap the lives of the assassins. At this moment, he had transformed into a merciless force, using brutal and bloody methods. None of his victims were intact.
“He’s over there! Shoot!” The muscular man panicked. But he was too slow, unable to follow Dustin’s movements.
He could only desperately raise his gun and wildly shoot. The result was not only a failure to harm Dustin but also injuring his own people.
All the assassins were wiped out in just ten seconds, leaving only the trembling, muscular man. His gun had run out of bullets.
“How did this happen?” Staring at the scattered bodies, the muscular man was dumbfounded. As an assassin, he had never encountered someone as terrifying as Dustin!
###Chapter 1560 by Marina Vittori
After all that, it seemed like Dustin was a monster. He was as swift as lightning, tough as a rock, indifferent to bullet, and merciless-this guy was a demon!
“Where’s Scott Mosey?” Covered in blood, Dustin glared at the muscle- bound man, his gaze icy.
“Spare me! We are just following orders. We have no grudge against you, just-” Suddenly, the muscular man quickly whipped out a grenade and chucked it straight at Dustin.
His timing was spot-on; the grenade would practically explode in an instant. The muscular man believed that no matter how tough Dustin was, there was no way Dustin could withstand the impact of the explosion.
Victory seemed to be in the muscular man’s grasp. He was convinced he had executed the perfect sneak attack, celebrating silently.
However, Dustin intervened, snatching the grenade mid-air. In the next instant, a muted “bang” echoed as the hand grenade exploded instantly. But the expected bloodbath didn’t happen.
In Dustin’s hands, the grenade seemed as harmless as a fart. Its terrifying explosion was forcefully contained.
Smoke wafted between Dustin’s fingers, carrying the scent of gunpowder. His casual handling made it seem like he was crushing a simple chicken egg, not a grenade.
“H-How is this possible?” The muscular man was dumbfounded, eyes wide, face full of disbelief. For him to snatch a grenade barehanded and emerge unscathed- was this guy even human?
“Have mercy! Spare me!” Panic-stricken, the muscular man dropped to his knees, begging for his life. Resistance was futile against this monster; all he could do was plead for his life.
“Where’s Scott Mosey?” Dustin’s voice remained cold.
“I don’t know… I don’t know anything! I just follow orders. Please spare my miserable life!” The muscular man wailed.
“You don’t know? Then die.” Without further ado, Dustin raised his hand and whacked the muscular man’s head with a resounding “thud.”
The body shuddered, and his head exploded like a watermelon hit by a bat. After dealing with the assassin squad, Dustin returned to the entrance. Lana lay still on the ground, blood staining her clothes. Her eyes were slightly open but losing their light.
Her chest no longer moved, and her pulse had weakened. Multiple gunshot wounds had pierced her heart, creating a bloody sight.
Dustin kneeled on the ground, gazing at Lana’s lifeless body, lost in thought. He didn’t know what to say, unsure how to mend the sight before him. Lost and distraught, his mind wandered.
In a moment of reverie, he almost saw Lana rise again, smiling at him. Memories of their encounters flooded his mind.
“Handsome, are you interested in being my 108th boyfriend?
“How about spending the night at my place? The bed’s big and comfy, guaranteed to make you linger.
“Handsome, you came at the right time. Let me introduce you. This is my dad, your future father-in-law.
“Handsome, living alone here is a bit scary. How about you keep me company tonight?
“Those rumors, you know, are not almost all true. Many say I’m fickle and fond of keeping boy toys. I won’t admit to being fickle, but the boy toys thing is true.
“I’ll find a way out of this and protect myself. You should go, don’t worry about me.
“Go… quickly…”
Dustin’s eyes reddened as he recalled those moments; his lips trembled, and his heart ached. Lana’s final words echoed in his ears, refusing to fade away.
“Dustin… What should I do? I think I’ve fallen for you.
“Unfortunately, I guess we’re not meant to be.
“Please, don’t forget me … okay?
“Promise me … don’t forget about me … okay?
###Chapter 1561 by Marina Vittori
Amidst the chaos, Dustin kneeled beside Lana’s motionless form, lost in thoughts. Suddenly, approaching footsteps brought him back to the present.
Dustin gazed up to find Matteo, accompanied by others, rushing toward them urgently. The gunshots had alerted the Camron family.
Realizing Lana’s prolonged absence, Matteo swiftly sensed trouble and efficiently rallied a group for support. However, upon arriving and witnessing the grim scene, he stood frozen in disbelief as if struck by lightning.
Stumbling forward, he reached Lana’s motionless form. After confirming the grim reality, he released a gut- wrenching, mournful cry. “Lana! My daughter, Lana!”
Matteo collapsed beside her, and his cries filled with sorrow. Since his wife’s passing, he and Lana had been each other’s pillars of strength. He had envisioned witnessing Lana’s wedding, rejoicing in her motherhood journey, and holding his grandchildren.
But today, unexpectedly, marked a farewell to the living and the departed. In that instant, a sharp blade seemed to pierce his heart.
“I’m sorry; it’s all my fault,” Dustin confessed with his head down, guilt etched across his face. Were it not for him, Scott wouldn’t have targeted Lana. If Lana hadn’t tried to save him, she wouldn’t have met such a tragic end.
Dustin was always cautious about making friends. He was now faced with the harsh reality that fate had snatched that friend away right before his eyes after finally finding a kindred spirit.
In the aftermath of that crushing blow, Dustin found himself consumed by a blend of grief and self-reproach.
“Why! Why did this have to happen? Dustin! It’s because of you that Lana is dead!” Matteo seethed with resentment, delivering a forceful punch to Dustin’s face.
Choosing not to block the punch with his true energy, Dustin was propelled backward by the force. He landed heavily on the ground, and blood trickled from the corner of his mouth.
“I’m responsible for Lana’s death. You can hit me and yell at me -I deserved it, “Dustin confessed with a bowed head and a hoarse voice.
“Get out! I don’t want to see you again! “Matteo roared with red eyes and frustration.
“I’m sorry.” Dustin cast a deep gaze at Lana’s lifeless body before rising and departing.
All he could do now was seek retribution for Lana, making the wrongdoer pay, whether it was Scott or the Moseys. Even if it meant risking himself, he was determined to bring justice for Lana.
Back in his car, Dustin dialed a number back in his car. He stated bluntly, ” Adam, I need to know Scott’s whereabouts, and the sooner, the better.”
“Okay, give me ten minutes.” Adam didn’t say more and promptly ended the call. Ten minutes later, Dustin answered the ringing phone.
Adam delivered the information. “Scott is hiding out at Jadeleaf Manor. It’s Anders’s territory. Be careful.”
“Got it,” Dustin responded and hung up, slamming his foot on the gas pedal and heading straight for Jadeleaf Manor. Regardless of who protected Scott, today, he would face the consequences.
Meanwhile, inside Jadeleaf Manor, Anders, known as the Veros Warrior, was joyously celebrating with his friends and associates.
Almost all of them were high-ranking members of the Moseys, wielding power and influence across various industries. Though individually inconspicuous, their combined force was nothing short of terrifying.
###Chapter 1562 by Marina Vittori
Anders organized an exclusive gathering with two purposes-to win over them and gather intelligence.
“It’s an honor to have you all at Jadeleaf Manor. Let’s raise our glasses to a toast.” He grinned, lifting his glass for a round of toasts. Seeing this, the attendees, filled with respect, promptly stood up, toasting in return.
After all, the man in their midst was the God of War, the mightiest warrior in Dragonmarsh, and he was also the pride of the Moseys.
Anders was a figure who naturally commanded respect wherever he went, and today’s warm reception pleasantly surprised them.
“Sir Anders, we’re family. Your words make it sound like we’re strangers.
“Besides, if anyone should be toasting, it should be us to you. You are the backbone of the Mosey family!” Scott, seizing the moment, raised his glass passionately.
“Absolutely! Sir Anders, your combat skills are unparalleled, a real asset to the Moseys!” The crowd joined in with praises.
“Haha! Alright, let’s drink!” Anders laughed heartily, downing his glass in one go. Following suit, everyone emptied their glasses.
“Friends, the main reason for having you all here today is to discuss something crucial.”
After the toast, Anders gestured for everyone to sit and got straight to the point. “I’ve heard about recent changes in the Moseys.
“Our godfather unexpectedly assigned that woman to be chief housekeeper. Do you find that woman befitting for such a role?”
At these words, the crowd exchanged glances, some visibly puzzled. Clearly, Anders wasn’t pleased with Dahlia’s rise to power.
“Of course not!” Seeing the hesitation, Scott said, “Dahlia is just a woman from some small town.
“Why should she wield such authority right after joining the Moseys? I think our godfather is truly confused!”
“Scott, choose your words carefully!”
Anders kept a stern expression, pretending to be displeased. “Our godfather is kind and caring. I think someone must have tricked him into making this decision.
“As his godsons, it’s our job to help him see the true nature of these schemers!”
“Sir Anders is absolutely right. That devious Dahlia used sweet words to deceive our godfather. She’s just a schemer!”
In Scott’s eyes, the Mosey family was destined to be under Anders’ rule sooner or later. It was crucial to choose the right side to join to secure a prosperous future.
“Friends and relatives, do you think what I’m saying makes sense?” Anders’ gaze swept the room.
“Sir Anders has a discerning eye and is wise. He must be right!”
“Who does Dahlia think she is? This kind of person isn’t fit to hold power! I say, just kick her out of the Moseys!”
“Absolutely! How can a feeble person like her be compared to Sir Anders, the God of War? If she’s in charge of the Moseys, we would be in trouble sooner or later!”
The room hummed with voices, everyone voicing their discontent. They held a longstanding grudge over Dahlia’s ascent to power.
After all, they were the elders of the Moseys mansion, faithfully serving for many years. Why should a woman with no achievements suddenly take command and issue orders?
Because of Seamus’s influence, they didn’t dare to speak up. They could only grit their teeth and reluctantly comply.
Now, with the Veros Warrior back, expressing his intentions to vie for power, they no longer held back.
They openly declared their support, refusing to bow down any longer. They erupted in agreement and condemnation.
“I’m thankful for the support you’ve all shown me. Since we’re all on the same page, let’s work together to remove Dahlia from the Moseys!” Anders declared, drawing cheers from the crowd.
“We are willing to serve Sir Anders with all our hearts!”
“Good! Let me make it clear. As long as you support me wholeheartedly, I guarantee you won’t be mistreated!” Anders smiled.
“Thank you, Sir Anders!” The group expressed their gratitude, toasting once again. Dahlia’s stern policies had significantly damaged their benefits. Anders, with his significant power, promised a brighter future. Now, with everyone openly supporting Anders, they felt liberated.
“Urgent report!”
At that moment, a guard rushed in and reported to Anders, “Sir! Something bad has happened! Intruders have entered the manor, and they’ve injured many of us.
“The situation is critical. Please, we need reinforcements!”
###Chapter 1563 by Marina Vittori
Anders’s smile slowly faded and expressed his displeasure.
“Who dares invade my territory?” he sternly questioned.
“The intruder’s identity is unknown, but they’re tough! Our guys inside the manor couldn’t handle it. Sir, we need backup now!” a guard reported, respectfully bowing.
“Serious firepower? How many troops are we talking about?” Anders narrowed his eyes.
“Just one person,” the guard replied. “What?” Anders scowled. “You’re telling me you couldn’t handle one person? What good are you all?”
“We messed up, sir. Our apologies!” The guard hung his head in shame.
They should have had this under control with almost a hundred guards in the manor, and they were all elite warriors. But the intruder was exceptional, demolishing everything in his way, unstoppable in his drive.
“Sir Anders, whoever this intruder is, we can’t let them off easy. Anyone daring to trespass on Jadeleaf Manor needs to pay with his blood!” Scott, fueled with anger, declared.
“Let’s go. It’s time to deal with this intruder!” Anders raised his glass for a final swig, then led the crew of followers outside.
On the manor’s lawn, a bloodied figure slowly approached. Broken bodies of guards lay scattered, groaning in pain with severed limbs.
“Who are you? How dare you cause a ruckus in my territory! Are you looking for trouble?” Anders thundered, his voice echoing across the manor.
“Scott Mosey, get out here and face the consequences!” Dustin ignored Anders, his gaze fixed on Scott in the crowd.
Cold and menacing, Dustin’s eyes zeroed in on Scott.
“It’s you?” Scott squinted, surprised, “I never thought you would still be kicking. Lucky you!”
In theory, Scott’s plan was foolproof. Once Lana administered Tranqurin to Dustin, even if he was powerful, he would be a sitting duck.
Could Lana have betrayed him? Who would sacrifice friends and family for a little boy toy?
“Scott, you know this guy?” Anders turned to Scott.
“Sir Anders, Dew Balm’s making waves, right? This bastard here is the brains behind it. I wanted to collaborate with him.
“But not only did he say no, but he also had someone poison me, tarnishing the Mosey family’s reputation!
“I wanted to school him, but he not only survived but showed up here to mess up your day,” Scott explained, clueless about the gravity of the situation.
“I see.” Anders nodded.
“I’ve heard of Dew Balm. It’s a big deal in healing elixirs. I’m intrigued. That’d be a game-changer if we can monopolize it.”
With a three-hundred-thousand- strong army that was always in battle, Anders needed top-tier healing supplies.
###Chapter 1564 by Marina Vittori
“Don’t worry, Sir Anders. I got this.” Scott grinned.
“Once we capture this bastard, I’ll torture the Dew Balm formula out of him!.”
Anders hummed noncommittally.” This guy is not ordinary. Regular guards might not cut it. Are your people up for the task?”
“Don’t worry, Sir Anders. I’m prepared to handle this bastard,” Scott assured, clapping his hands. Soon, a man and a woman stepped forward from behind Scott.
The man was in a black tee. He stood strong and towered over six feet, muscles flexing. Unlike a regular human, a subtle rumble came from him with every breath.
The woman had a mask covering half her face, her lips showing a bluish tint, and her eyes purple. She wore a black robe, giving off a creepy and menacing vibe.
“Sir Anders, these two are exceptional individuals I brought. His name is Cooper Stiff-bulletproof and blade- resistant, unfazed by fire or water.
“Plus, he’s one tough cookie, unafraid of pain, and stares at death in the face. You’re not getting away if he’s got you in his sights.
“And this is Elysia Siren. She’s even more tough. A master at voodoo and poisoning.
“No matter the opposition’s strength or numbers, catch a dose of her poison, and it’s a one-way ticket to the death!” He proudly introduced them. The revelation stunned the onlookers.” Cooper Stiff? Elysia Siren? The notorious Undead Hexcasters?”
“What? Undead Hexcasters? Seriously? Didn’t they retire?”
“I heard the Undead Hexcasters were halfway to becoming a grandmaster. They specialized in dark arts and brutal techniques. Even a grandmaster martial artist would back off if these two teamed up!”
“Scott, I never thought you had this much influence, bringing the Undead Hexcasters out of retirement. Impressive!”
The crowd buzzed with amazement and admiration.
The Undead Hexcasters’ dark reputation aside, their strength was undeniable. Rumor had it they’d even taken down a grandmaster martial artist together.
“I heard Sir Anders values talent, so I pulled these two out of retirement. They’re big fans and ready to serve you, “Scott flattered.
“Oh? Really?” Anders raised an eyebrow, smiling. “You both got skills and mystical arts to boot. Under me, I promise you won’t get the short end.”
“Thank you, Veros Warrior!” Cooper and Elysia expressed their gratitude, bowing respectfully. Cooper and Elysia gazed at Anders in respect. As the powerhouse of Dragonmarsh, Anders’ strength was undeniable.
If they teamed up with a leader of such stature that promised them fortune and security, not even the Martial Arts Union would dare to take them lightly.
“Alright, you two, deal with that troublemaker,” Anders casually ordered, “Just leave him with a breath or two.”
“Yes, sir!” The duo responded. They understood this was their golden chance to demonstrate their worth as essential allies to Anders.
In order to secure a spot as trusted confidants, they needed to showcase significant strength. And the current target, Dustin, was their stepping stone to success.
“Rhys!” Scott jeered, lifting his head and defiantly pointing at Dustin. “If you’ve got the guts to take me down, come over here. I’d love to see what you’re made of!”
“I don’t just want to end you. I want to break you into a thousand pieces, grind your bones to dust!” Dustin advanced with a stern expression.
“Anyone who is not involved, step aside. Those who stand in my way will meet their end!”
###Chapter 1565 by Marina Vittori
“Those who stand in your way will meet their end? You watched too many dramas! Do you think you’re some kind of hero? Pathetic!” Scott jeered, smirking.
“Cooper, go entertain him. Just don’t kill him; Sir Anders might still have a use for him.”
Cooper, a powerhouse halfway to becoming a grandmaster with his metallic physique, considered dealing with Dustin an easy task.
“Got it!” Cooper nodded, then confidently strode forward. In his eyes, Dustin was already a lost cause.
“Today’s your unlucky day, bastard. If you cripple yourself now, I might spare you. Otherwise, you’ll wish you were dead once I make a move!” Cooper warned with a booming voice.
“Get lost, or die!” Dustin retorted, unfazed.
“Hmph! Fool. it looks like you need a taste of my power!” Cooper snorted, launching himself like a cannonball, heading straight for Dustin.
Given his physical prowess, that impact could break not only a person but even the bones of a bull into fragments.
This was his preferred offensive tactic, as it showcased power and brutality and exuded significant intimidation. Yet, Dustin stood firm, walking straight toward him without flinching.
“You asked for it!” Dustin’s casual demeanor prompted Cooper to step up his game. A metallic glint coated his sturdy frame.
There was a loud explosion, and Cooper, possessing a physique akin to steel, collided forcefully with Dustin. To everyone’s surprise, Dustin remained standing, with only two deep footprints beneath him.
Meanwhile, Cooper was thrown off balance upon impact. He staggered backward, disoriented. All he saw were stars.
“What?” Scott exclaimed, astonished by Cooper being thrown backward. Could Dustin be more tough than steel?
“Cooper, enough with the theatrics. Don’t ruin Sir Anders’ mood!” Elysia warned, recognizing that using brute force was unwise.
While such a bull-like charging attack might impress against weaker enemies, it lacked effectiveness against genuine experts.
They needed to exhibit substantial strength and avoid being underestimated to secure a spot under Anders’ command.
“Damn it!” Cooper shook his head, spat on the ground, and turned to Dustin.” Kid, I underestimated you earlier, but now, it’s time to get serious!”
With a vicious grin, he unleashed his full power. Muscles expanded, and an eerie glow radiated from him.
“You should count yourself lucky to be beaten by me. Now, behold my ultimate move!” With a wicked grin, Cooper sucked in a deep breath. And what followed was downright eerie.
His body suddenly swelled, growing more robust, resembling a brown bear on its hind legs. It was powerful, terrifying, and downright dangerous.
“Rigor Mortis Fist!” he roared, mustering his strength. Swiftly, Cooper lunged forward, his fist directed straight at Dustin’s face. This punch relied on his physical might coupled with a surge of true energy, doubling its impact.
“You asked for it!”
Unfazed by Cooper’s attack, Dustin confronted him head-on with his own fist. Upon contact, it caused a thunderous explosion that reverberated in the air.
###Chapter 1566 by Marina Vittori
A deafening explosion reverberated through the air. Dustin and Cooper both threw a punch, creating shockwaves of energy. Cooper was sent flying, like he was hit by a train, soaring over 30 feet before crashing down.
Before fully landing, his body suddenly burst with a resounding “pop,” like a balloon, transforming into a gruesome shower of flesh and blood.
His once robust physique now became a downpour of blood and flesh, with bones pulverized beyond recognition. The scene was akin to shoving a bomb into his belly. Following the explosion, an abrupt hush enveloped the entire area.
The onlookers gawked, looking in disbelief and astonishment. Was Cooper, famed for his impenetrable skin and iron bones, just annihilated by a single punch?
“H-How is this even possible? Cooper… he turned into freaking dust!”
“Damn! One punch, and Cooper’s gone. Who the heck is this brat?”
After a brief moment of stunned silence, chaos erupted in the crowd. Spectators stared at Dustin as if he was a monster.
Cooper, a powerhouse halfway to becoming a grandmaster, was considered nearly unbeatable for anyone below the grandmaster rank.
However, this formidable figure had been punched into oblivion by Dustin. It was an unbelievable sight. Was this kid some kind of grandmaster martial artist?
“No way! Is this guy really that powerful?” Scott widened his eyes, utterly astonished.
He had anticipated Cooper easily suppressing Dustin, only to witness Cooper pulverized by a single blow, leaving him in disbelief.
“What?” Anders furrowed his brow slightly, genuinely surprised. Cooper wasn’t to be taken lightly, and for Dustin to defeat him in one move indicated grandmaster-level prowess.
“Cooper? Cooper!” After witnessing the carnage, Elysia first froze and then let out a piercing scream. The two had been close for years. Yet now her husband, Cooper, was dead. She was overwhelmed with grief and fury.
“I’ll kill you! I’ll kill you!” Elysia roared, charging forward in a frenzy. At this moment, she cared little about Anders’ order to spare Dustin. Her sole focus was to tear Dustin apart as revenge for her husband, Cooper.
“Die!” Elysia raised her hand, and a swarm of venomous wasps surged from her sleeve like a barrage of bullets, relentlessly shooting toward Dustin.
Dustin remained expressionless, lightly stomping his foot. A powerful surge of true energy erupted from him.
The sound of explosions filled the air like fireworks. Every wasp struck by the true energy exploded into bits, not one escaping unscathed.
The pieces of the bodies of tens of thousands of wasps rained down from the sky, covering the ground like rainfall.
Undeterred, Elysia continued her assault. She pulled out a mysterious potion, drank it in one gulp, then opened her mouth and exhaled toward Dustin.
The exhaled breath had an icy chill and swept forward, covering the ground in a frosty layer. Even from a distance, everyone could feel the bone-chilling cold.
Dustin stood frozen at the attack and turned into an ice sculpture by the icy breath.
###Chapter 1567 by Marina Vittori
In an instant, everything changed. Elysia’s icy breath sent chills down the spine. Everything within 30 feet became solid ice, and even Dustin became an ice sculpture.
“Haha! Frozen solid! This bastard is a goner!” Scott laughed, clearly enjoying the spectacle. After Dustin pummeled Cooper with a punch, he couldn’t help but feel a bit shaken. Now, witnessing his opponent frozen, his confidence soared.
“True to Elysia’s reputation, her tricks are something else.” The astonished crowd noted. It was downright terrifying to freeze a martial artist master with a breath.
“Die!” Elysia, wide-eyed and merciless, threw a punch at Dustin’s chest. Freezing was her ultimate move; anyone she froze would shatter when hit.
An explosion echoed as Elysia’s fist hit Dustin’s chest. The ice shards scattered, but to Elysia’s surprise, Dustin remained intact, not a tear in his clothes.
“H-How is this possible?” Elysia’s eyes widened, struggling to believe her mystical arts did not affect Dustin.
“Get lost or die,” Dustin stated coldly, his expression emotionless.
“I’ll fight you till the end!” Elysia persisted, pulling out a dagger and thrusting it at Dustin’s throat. The poisoned and lethal dagger clashed against his protective true energy, shattering upon impact.
“A grandmaster’s protection energy?” Elysia’s eyes widened in horror. Her golden weapon was deadly sharp and usually couldn’t be blocked easily. Only grandmaster-level experts could block it. She hadn’t expected Dustin to be a grandmaster martial artist at such a young age.
While Elysia was still stunned, Dustin struck, and his punch hit her chest. She screamed and flew over 30 feet before crashing lifelessly to the ground.
“What?” Onlookers were dumbfounded.
Just moments ago, Dustin was frozen. And now, he emerged unscathed, defeating Elysia swiftly. And another one of the infamous Undead Hexcasters met their demise.
Dustin’s power was staggering. No wonder he dared to intrude on Jadeleaf Manor; he was unbeatable!
“Scott, it’s your turn now!” Dustin turned to Scott, locking eyes with him. His eyes burned with killing intent.
###Chapter 1568 by Marina Vittori
Scott’s eyes twitched as he took a few steps back. Acold sweat dripped down his body, and his hair stood on end. At that moment, he finally realized the severity of the situation. Dustin’s strength far exceeded his expectations.
For Dustin to take down the Undead Hexcasters with a single move showed that he wasn’t just some divine master but a true grandmaster martial artist! Fuck! How could an unknown kid be this powerful?
“Hey, pal, I appreciate your skills. I’m giving you a chance to rise to the top now.”
Anders, who had been watching coldly, suddenly spoke, “As long as you’re willing to join me, I can overlook today’s events.
“Not only that, I’ll get you into the military and give you a high position. From then on, everything will be under your control!”
“What?” Scott’s expression changed instantly upon hearing this. He hastily said, “Sir Anders, this bastard is a ticking time bomb. Keeping him around would be asking for endless trouble!”
After all, Scott and Dustin had a deep- seated grudge. If Dustin got on Anders’ good side, Scott would be dealing with a much stronger opponent. Obviously, he wasn’t too happy about that.
“I know my strength; don’t worry too much,” Anders said indifferently. Dustin’s strength had made Anders look at him with more respect. It would be a valuable asset to gain such a talent.
“But-!” Scott was about to say something when Anders shot him a cold look.
“Do I need to consult you about what I want to do?”
This immediately silenced Scott, who dared not say another word.
“So, what do you think of my proposal?
“Anders looked back at Dustin.
“If you wanna negotiate with me, you would have to take care of him first.” Dustin pointed at Scott. Scott’s eyes widened, feeling uneasy. Surely Anders wouldn’t come after him for the sake of an outsider?
Anders hummed and narrowed his eyes. “This condition is a bit too much. I don’t know what issues you and Scott have, but I’m happy to step in and settle your differences.
“From now on, you two can be like brothers, supporting each other through thick and thin. What do you think?”
“This peacekeeper role isn’t your thing, “Dustin said, shaking his head, his tone still cold.
“Scott took my friend’s life. And today, he will pay for it. Nobody can stop me.”
“What? You won’t even show me respect?” Anders frowned, displeased.
“Since you found Jadeleaf Manor, you should know who I am. I am picky with the people I want and I don’t appreciate being turned down. You better think it over.”
“Rhys! Sir Anders really admires you; it’s a blessing to be acknowledged. You shouldn’t disrespect him!” Scott shouted, trying to stir things up even more.
He didn’t want to see Dustin rising to the top, so he intentionally used his words to stir things up.
Dustin warned, “Anders, I recommend you to stay away from matters that don’t concern you, or you might get yourself in trouble.”
“Trouble?” Anders suddenly laughed, his eyes icy.
“I’ll give you props for being gutsy, but causing a scene in my territory? You aren’t all that!”
“So, you’re defending him?” Dustin asked.
“You bet!” Anders declared loudly. “Just so you know, I’ve got Scott’s back. If you step out of line, you won’t be walking out of here in one piece!”
“You hear that? Lay a finger on me, and you’re done for!” With Anders supporting him, Scott couldn’t help but grow confident and become full of himself.
Anders was the God of War in Dragonmarsh and led an army of three hundred thousand. Even if Dustin were a force to be reckoned with, he couldn’t hold a candle to Anders.
“Weren’t you talking big just a minute ago? Why so quiet now?”
Scott deliberately took a few steps forward, taunting, “Come on! Weren’t you itching to take me down? I’m right here. If you’re feeling brave, give it a shot!”
Dustin stayed silent, face expressionless.
“What’s the matter? You’re too scared to step up? Alright, I’ll come a little closer for you.” Scott took a few more steps forward.
His head was raised high as he sneered at Dustin while beckoning with his finger. “Come on! If you’ve got the guts, come over here! Let’s see if you-!
Before he could finish, Dustin suddenly raised his hand, and a brilliant white light burst forth. Like the scythe of the grim reaper, it sliced through Scott’s neck.
###Chapter 1569 by Marina Vittori
Scott trembled, his smile frozen as a blinding flash left him bewildered. Before he could comprehend what was going on, the light had vanished.
“What just happened? What’s going on? “Panic gripped him as his heart raced. He felt a chill on his neck. When he touched it, his hand was covered in blood.
Why was there blood? How was that possible? His thoughts were interrupted as the world around him spun.
A jarring thud of something hitting the ground caught his attention. In the next second, Scott was startled to see the back of his own body from the ground.
He was wearing a suit and standing tall, but there was no head on his shoulders. He had turned into a headless body.
“Where’s my head? Where is it?” Scott tried to scream, but there was no sound. All he could do was watch as his headless body fell to the ground. Darkness enveloped his vision, and he succumbed to unconsciousness.
Just like that, Scott was dead. His head had been severed in one swift move by Dustin. Everything happened so fast that Scott didn’t see his fate coming until the last moment.
He blamed himself for being too arrogant. If Scott had stayed close to Anders, Dustin wouldn’t have taken him out so quickly.
Scott thought he had everything under control. He even felt overly confident as he approached Dustin, planning to show he was unbothered by his threats.
“Dead? He’s dead?”
Everyone stared in shock and horror at Scott’s headless body. No one expected Dustin to be so ruthless, killing Scott right before the Veros Warrior.
This was downright challenging the authority of the Moseys.
“This is outrageous!”
“How unbelievable!”
“You’ve killed someone from the Moseys. How bold of you!”
After collecting themselves from the shock, people began shouting in anger.
Dustin’s actions were more than just revenge. But it was a direct challenge to the authority of the Moseys. If Anders left it be, the Moseys’ reputation would suffer.
At that moment, Anders’ expression had turned grim. His gaze was icy, and his killing intent was unmistakable.
Anders wasn’t bothered whether Scott lived or died. But when Dustin dared to kill someone in front of him despite his assurances, it carried a much deeper meaning.
After all, when targeting someone, you should be mindful of witnesses. For Dustin to kill Scott in front of Anders was a direct insult.
Anders, the respected Veros Warrior, wielded significant power and respect among the people. When had he ever faced such a bold challenge?
If he didn’t assert his authority, how could he lead his troops in the future?
“Bastard! You sure got the nerve!” Anders scowled, his gaze piercing. “You dare to kill my god brother. Do you know the consequences?”
Dustin stayed silent. Instead, he walked over to Scott’s lifeless body and stomped on Scott’s chest. A loud explosion echoed. Scott’s headless body exploded into pieces, turning into a pile of blood and flesh.
Dustin was explicitly expressing his intention by shattering the body into a thousand pieces. It left no room for doubt.
He obliterated the remains of Scott’s body and then grabbed Scott’s hair, lifting his severed head.
###Chapter 1570 by Marina Vittori
Lana had died because of them. Dustin planned to take Scott’s severed head to show he had avenged her.
“You’re dead meat!”
Dustin’s indifference and disdain annoyed Anders, leading him to throw a punch without exchanging further words. A scorching golden light shot out like a missile toward Dustin. Dustin raised his hand without dodging or evading, releasing a burst of blinding white light.
The golden light and white brilliance collided with each other, resulting in a deafening roar. The collision caused overwhelming waves of energy that were like a tidal wave. There was a strong blast of wind. It hit the crowd like a tornado.
The collision between two grandmaster -level experts was far beyond what an ordinary person could endure, even if it was just the aftermath of their battle.
Realizing the danger, people scattered immediately to keep a safe distance. “This bastard is indeed a grandmaster martial artist! No wonder he’s so confident.” Anders squinted his eyes. Even though he hadn’t used full force in that punch, only a grandmaster- level expert could withstand it.
“Anders, I don’t wish to fight with you today. If you dare to obstruct me again, don’t blame me for not holding back,” Dustin said coldly.
“Holding back?” Anders sneered.
“You think you can leave here alive today after killing someone from the Moseys? Your measly life won’t be enough to pay for what you’ve done. Prepare to die!”
With that, he threw two punches at Dustin using the Golden Fury Fists technique. Dustin stomped his foot, causing a flurry of stones to soar into the air as he waved his hand.
The stone shot forward like bullets toward Anders’ Golden Fury Fist. The attacks disintegrated, exploding in the air and dissipating into a powerful force. During this moment, Anders surged forward suddenly. His right fist gleamed brightly, shining like the sun.
“Celestial Fury Strike!” he shouted as his glowing fist struck with force. The crushed stones suddenly vanished, and the plants dried up as a powerful force shook the world’s foundations.
The golden light transformed the landscape, distorting the air itself. Caught in the onslaught, Dustin resembled a small boat in a storm on the edge of being torn apart.
“That punch is terrifying. And such overwhelming pressure, truly befitting the Veros Warrior!”
“This punch is earth-shattering. It’s unstoppable!”
“If this bastard dies at the hands of the Veros Warrior, he should consider it an honor!”
Anders’ technique excited the spectators. They all knew he was undoubtedly a formidable force on the battlefield.
“If we’re going to fight, then I’ll see it through to the end.” Dustin remained unfazed and unyielding. He threw a punch directly at Anders. His fist radiated a white glow and manifested into a fierce tiger, slamming head-on into Anders’ golden light.
A massive explosion echoed through the air. Two brilliant lights burst forth, turning into surging waves of energy that spread in every direction.
Everything crumbled-flowers, grass, trees, and even buildings were wiped out by the waves of energy. The bone- chilling destructive power sent shivers down the spectators’ spines.
They might have been completely obliterated if they hadn’t stepped back earlier, just like those plants and buildings. It was downright terrifying!
###Chapter 1571 by Marina Vittori
Once the dust settled, a massive crater appeared at the center of the explosion. It was roughly 30 feet in diameter, resembling a dried-up pond. It was a devastating sight. At the edge of the crater, Dustin and Anders locked eyes from a distance.
Dustin was expressionless, his gaze indifferent, still holding Scott’s severed head. Anders had a serious expression, facing a formidable opponent. The two stood in a tense standoff, neither making any sudden moves.
“Wait, did this bastard block Sir Anders earth-shattering strike just now?” someone exclaimed.
“Not only did he block it, but he also looks like he hasn’t suffered any injuries,” another added.
“Wow! Since when did Oakvale have a genius who can go head-to-head with the Veros Warrior? That’s pretty unbelievable!”
As the two contenders battled it out, members of the Moseys looked at each other in surprise. Anders had long been an idol to everyone. In Dragonmarsh, only a few could be compared to him, and each was a top-tier talent.
The only ones that came close were the Spanners’ twins from the Spanner family, Fenley Hudson from the Celestial Alliance, and Glenn Hadley from the Sword Union.
However, no one expected an unknown newcomer to match up to Anders.
“Who are you?” Anders asked in a low voice, his eyes devoid of disdain. Their exchange of blows had left him quietly concerned. He knew Dustin’s strength matched his own. The puzzling part was how this seemingly unremarkable person was so strong.
Was he hiding his identity? Could some influential figure be backing him, carefully cultivating an exceptional talent?
“I’ll let you know who I am in due time. But today, I’m not in the mood to play with you,” Dustin said coldly, making a casual remark before leaving. The severed head in his hand continued to drip blood.
Dustin was well aware of Anders’ influential position, almost on par with a grandmaster in terms of power and strength. Despite not being afraid, Dustin realized killing Anders would bring endless trouble.
While the Moseys might tolerate the loss of a pawn like Scott, Anders’ death would be a different story.
As the Veros Warrior, Anders held a status that the royal family wouldn’t ignore. Hence, it would cause a significant uproar in Oakvale.
Reluctant to engage in a prolonged confrontation, Dustin hoped Anders would be sensible. If push came to shove and turned into a life-or-death situation, Dustin wouldn’t show any mercy.
Seeing Dustin retreat, Anders frowned and clenched his fist. However, in the end, he gave up the idea of attacking.
Their strengths were likely evenly matched, and a head-on clash might result in mutual destruction. Risking so much for a dead pawn wasn’t worth it.
Without a guaranteed victory, he refrained from rash actions. A bald man approached, asking in a hushed tone, “Sir Anders, are you just going to let him go?”
“What do you suggest, then?” Anders swept a cold glance.
“This bastard dares to act recklessly in Jadeleaf Manor and even killed one of the Moseys. If we don’t deal with him now, it’ll be hard to settle our grievances!” the bald man exclaimed indignantly.
“That makes sense.” Anders nodded. ” Alright, I’ll give you a chance to prove yourself. Go and kill him, and I’ll reward you handsomely afterward.”
“What? Me?” The bald man’s face stiffened, and he quickly waved his hands. “Sir… I’m just a civilian with no combat skills. I have no clue about fighting.”
“If you have no clue, then why are you here blabbering? Get lost!”
###Chapter 1572 by Marina Vittori
Anders shot the bald man a stern look. The bald man quickly apologized and ran away. He had intended to curry favor with Anders but was instead shot down by Anders.
“Men! Come here!”
Anders gestured, and two guards rushed over, asking, “What are your orders, sir?”
“Deploy all resources and conduct a thorough investigation on Dustin Rhys. I want to know everything about him!” Anders commanded with a stern tone. “Yes, sir!” The guards responded and promptly departed.
“Acting recklessly on my turf. Let’s see who you really are!” Anders muttered, his expression cold. Knowing the opponent was a crucial part of a battle. With comprehensive information about his enemies, Anders believed he could deal with Dustin easily.
Dustin held Scott’s head and confidently exited Jadeleaf Manor. He knew that his bold actions might lead to problems in the future, but he couldn’t concern himself with that at the moment.
His priority was to avenge Lana’s death using Scott’s death. It wouldn’t be just Scott. Everyone involved would face the consequences. After wrapping the head in cloth, Dustin drove back to the Camron Manor.
As evening fell, the Camron Manor was full of wreaths for Lana’s funeral. The events greatly impacted the Camron family due to her status and its financial impact. Dew Balm’s immense popularity had made Lana a major shareholder and became her vital income source.
Her sudden death was a severe blow to the entire Camron family, shrouding their once-envisioned prestigious legacy in uncertainty.
In the hall, Lana lay peacefully in a centrally positioned coffin as if in a tranquil sleep. Matteo, kneeling beside it, had already dried his tears. The other Camron family members present looked sorrowfully at the sight, quietly sharing condolences.
Lana, who was perfectly fine just yesterday, unexpectedly passed away. It was a hard reality for her family to accept.
“Matteo, we’re truly sorry for your loss. Please accept our condolences.”
“Matteo, take care of yourself. The Camron family still needs you.”
The Camron family members came to express condolences. After spending some time with Lana, they offered words of comfort to Matteo. Matteo simply nodded, keeping his thoughts to himself. As the sorrow deepened, tears continued to flow.
“Hey! Why are there so many funeral wreaths? Who passed away?”
At that moment, a sharp voice was heard from the entrance. Two women, followed by a group of people, confidently walked in. It was Eleanor and Elena.
“What brings you two here?” Matteo’s expression darkened upon seeing them.
“Why are you mourning, Mr. Camron? Is it because your daughter is gone?” Elena mocked.
“Yeah, that’s right,” Eleanor chimed in, approaching the coffin with a sneer.
“It’s a real shame for a gorgeous lady like her to have her life cut so short. How unfortunate.”
As their words echoed, everyone in the mourning hall turned sharply toward them.
###Chapter 1573 by Marina Vittori
“What did you just say?” Matteo, who was still grieving, roared at Eleanor and Elena. His sorrow transformed into anger. Seeing things were getting out of hand, two of the Camron family members by his side quickly held Matteo back.
One of them whispered, “Matteo, these two are heiresses from the high society. You can’t afford to make a scene. Just let it slide.”
“Yeah, they’re trouble. If something happens here, it will affect our whole family,” another chimed in. Taking a deep breath, Matteo reluctantly suppressed his emotions.
“Mr. Camron, no need to get all worked up. You should watch your temper. It’s not good for your health,” Eleanor said, smirking. She was prepared for the occasion. She wasn’t about to let the Camron family intimidate her.
“What do you want? My daughter’s gone, and you’re here to add insult to injury?” Matteo shouted.
“Hey, Mr. Camron, don’t just accuse us like that. Lana was like a sister to us, and her passing genuinely saddens us,” Eleanor said, pretending to be sincere.
“That’s right. We came as soon as we heard about Lana’s passing to offer our genuine condolences,” Elena added, echoing Eleanor.
“Now that you’ve paid your respects, just leave,” Matteo said coldly.
“Mr. Camron, don’t be too hasty. We’re here to mourn for Lana. And while we’re at it to discuss some business with your Camron family,” Eleanor said, smirking.
“We’re still mourning. Business is the last thing on our minds. Please, leave!” Matteo said, his face stern, not caring anymore. With his daughter gone, he had nothing to fear.
“Mr. Camron, it would be wise to hear our terms before making any decisions. Trust me, if you brush us off now, you might regret it,” Eleanor warned with a smug expression.
“I don’t give a damn about your terms. Even if it’s a big deal, the Camron family isn’t interested!” he said firmly.
With Lana’s recent passing, Eleanor and Elena showed up at the funeral, cracking jokes and discussing business. It was an unmistakable disrespect to the grieving Camron family.
“Mr. Camron, it’s in the best interest of the Camron Group to consider our proposal. Are you sure you want to dismiss it?” Eleanor’s expression turned cold.
“What are you talking about?” Matteo’s face changed.
“The Camron family has stepped on the Moseys’ toes. You must be aware of that, right?” she stated plainly.
“What do you mean?” He furrowed his brows. He knew that his daughter’s death was linked to Scott, and considering the formidable backing of the Mosey Mansion family, seeking revenge wasn’t an option.
It wasn’t just about him. But the entire Camron family was at stake. Taking any drastic action would only spell doom for the Camron family.
“Mr. Camron, with the Moseys’ power, bringing down the Camron family would be a walk in the park. I’m sure you know that.” Eleanor began laying out the facts.
“The key issue is that your daughter, while working with Dustin, has offended Sir Mosey’s godson, Scott.
“If this feud isn’t resolved promptly, not only will your daughter pay the price, but your whole family will suffer!
Everyone was shocked by this. Lana’s suspicious death now made sense-she had offended Scott. It became evident why Matteo had been hesitating, reluctant to seek revenge.
“Oh, no! I’ve heard Scott Mosey is ruthless. If he decides to retaliate, we’re all in serious trouble!”
###Chapter 1574 by Marina Vittori
The Camron family members were in a frenzy, trying to figure out how they had attracted the attention of the Moseys. As a second-tier family, the Camrons knew they couldn’t match the influence of a powerhouse like the Moseys.
The Camrons knew that if the Moseys wished to, they could easily wipe the Camrons out overnight. Matteo’s expression soured as he asked, “What do you want?”
Despite his reluctance to admit it, the Camron family was still in serious trouble. They hadn’t fulfilled the conditions promised to Scott. Even with his daughter’s death, the threat loomed over them.
“Mr. Camron, no need to worry. We’re here to help you through this tough time.” Eleanor smiled.
“Yeah. Given our deep connection with the Moseys, if we vouch for you, the Camron family will be spared,” Elena added confidently.
“Why are you helping us when we’re not even related?” Matteo asked sternly. He wasn’t buying their seemingly kind acts.
“Well, that brings us back to the deal I mentioned earlier.” Eleanor chuckled. She added, “Your Camron family produces Dew Balm. I believe you hold the formula and related pharmaceutical information.
“My request is simple-hand over these things, and I guarantee the safety of the Camron family. How about it?”
“Dream on.” Matteo flatly refused.
“Dew Balm is my daughter’s hard work and a key factor in our family’s growth. Do you think I would let you snatch it away with just a few words? You bunch are just greedy!”
“Mr. Camron, Dew Balm is indeed priceless. But compared to the lives of your entire Camron family, it’s negligible.” Eleanor continued to press. “Think about it. Is Dew Balm more important, or the lives of your entire family?”
Matteo found himself momentarily at a loss for words. While he recognized the value of Dew Balm, it paled in comparison to his family’s safety.
However, the thought of surrendering the legacy left by his daughter, a symbol of hope for the family’s ascent, felt unjust.
“Mr. Camron, the lives of your entire family in exchange for the formula is a deal you should appreciate. Keep in mind that not everyone gets such an opportunity!” Elena remarked in a condescending tone.
“Matteo, maybe you should consider it? Family comes first; our lives matter more.” Some Camron family members tried to persuade him.
“Yeah, Matteo, you can always earn money back. If people are gone, there’s nothing left.”
At that moment, many Camron family members started advising Matteo. They were genuinely afraid of offending the Moseys mansion and facing dire consequences.
“Mr. Camron, you’ve got three minutes to decide. If you don’t agree, you’ll have to face the consequences!” Eleanor declared impatiently. She believed the Camron family had no other options and felt she could manipulate them easily.
“No need to decide. Don’t even think about getting the Dew Balm formula. Now, leave!” A cold voice suddenly came from the door.
Then, Dustin walked in, carrying a head wrapped in cloth.
###Chapter 1575 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin? What in the world are you doing here?” Eleanor furrowed her eyebrows, her expression turning icy at the sight of Dustin. Their past encounters had already made them sworn enemies.
“Rhys! Why do you keep showing up everywhere? Seriously, talk about bad luck!” Elena grimaced in disgust. Their last visit to Camron Medicals had been a disaster. Instead of gaining an advantage, they faced severe criticism, deepening her resentment toward him.
“If you two are here for the Dew Balm formula, I strongly advise you to drop that idea right now,” Dustin spoke coldly.
“What does it have to do with you? Stop butting into other’s problems!” Eleanor huffed.
“Exactly! Your life is hanging by a thread, and you dare to meddle in our affairs? Are you trying to speed up your death?” Elena mocked. They knew well that Lana’s death was linked to Scott, and they had come to take advantage of the situation.
As for Dustin, he was just a step away from death. Once Scott’s men went after him, he would undoubtedly meet a gruesome end. So, they didn’t think much of him.
“The Dew Balm is the result of my collaboration with Ms. Camron. Anyone trying to take it forcibly will face serious consequences.” Dustin asserted.
“What? Are you trying to scare us?” Elena scoffed, showing her disdain.
“You’re just a martial artist, nothing special. Do you really think you can go up against us? Dream on!”
“Dustin, I suggest you stay out of this. You don’t want to suffer the same fate as Lana, right?” Eleanor sternly cautioned.
“So, Lana’s death has something to do with you?” Dustin’s face darkened with a murderous glint in his eyes.
“Hey, don’t spout nonsense. We didn’t do anything!” Elena quickly denied it, panic creeping in.
“Dustin, don’t blame me for not sparing you. If you don’t leave right now, I’ll call Scott,” Eleanor threatened coldly, pulling out her phone.
She added, “Let me tell you, Scott has placed a hefty bounty on your head. Once he finds you, you won’t stand a chance!”
Eleanor recalled Abigail had used poison to stop Scott’s retaliation previously. But now, with the situation, Scott’s revenge was inevitable.
“You can try. Call Scott and see if he picks up,” Dustin replied indifferently.
“Dustin, are you not afraid of death?” Eleanor glared at him. “Sure, I’m scared. But let’s see whether you’ve got what it takes to make it happen,” Dustin retorted.
“Eleanor, this bastard is way too cocky. Quick, call Mr. Mosey to put him in his place!” Elena couldn’t take it anymore. To her, Dustin was just a martial artist; she couldn’t believe he could stand against the Moseys.
“Arrogant fool! I’ll make you regret this!” Eleanor’s expression darkened as she promptly dialed Scott’s number.
“Ms. Welch, hold on!” Corey panicked and swiftly intervened.
“Let’s talk this through. There’s no need to escalate things and bring the Moseys into it.”
“Yeah, yeah. Let’s sit down and discuss this calmly. Do we really want to trouble the Moseys?”
Several members of the Camron family attempted to mediate the situation.
They weren’t concerned about what would happen to Dustin, but they had to consider the safety of the Camron family, Scott’s ruthlessness could spell disaster for them, as demonstrated by Lana’s death.
###Chapter 1576 by Marina Vittori
The Camron family was terrified of what Scott was capable of. Eleanor’s expression softened as she heard the Camron family’s pleas.
She calmly stated, “I’m willing to give you a chance. I’ll hold off on that call and maybe even help the Camron family out of this mess.
“But, like I said, you’ve got to hand over the Dew Balm formula.”
“No problem, we’re good with that. We’ll hand over the formula.” Corey nodded eagerly. The Camron family’s life was flourishing, and they weren’t willing to risk their well-being for a simple formula. Eleanor turned to Matteo and asked, ” Mr. Camron, what’s your take on this?”
Matteo pondered, biting his lip, and eventually gave a reluctant nod. The Welch and Forrest families seemed well-prepared and determined. The imposing presence of the Moseys left the Camron family with few options.
The group with the secret that everyone desired now had to carry the weight of the sins of the guilty party that was aiming for their doom. This unexpected twist caught everyone off guard.
“Well done, those who grasped the situation are the sharp ones. You’ve made a smart choice,” Eleanor said with satisfaction.
“What are you waiting for? Hurry up and hand over the formula.” Elena urged.
“Sure, no problem.” Corey agreed, urging Matteo to get the formula.
“Wait!” Dustin interjected.
“The Dew Balm formula is the result of Lana’s and my hard work. You can’t just hand it over to them.”
“Enough already, okay? Don’t be so selfish. You might not fear death, but don’t drag the Camron family into this, “Eleanor said, stirring the pot.
“Mr. Rhys, have mercy. We can’t afford to provoke these people. Only by giving them what they want can we ensure our safety. I’m begging you, spare us any more trouble!” Corey pleaded.
“Dustin, Lana is already gone. I can’t bear to lose more of my family. Please step aside!” Matteo said raspily.
“Mr. Camron, this mess started because of me. I’ll handle it properly. I guarantee the safety of the Camron family,” Dustin spoke with solemn assurance.
“Guarantee?” At these words, Matteo couldn’t help but let out a bitter laugh, his face twisted into a wry smile.
“Dustin, what are you using to back up that promise? You don’t have any power or influence. How can you stand against these influential families?
“Don’t fool yourself. Your actions have already led to my daughter’s death! Do you want to bring down my entire family now?”
Matteo’s voice grew louder as he spoke, showing his frustrations. Dustin tightened his lips, guilt etched across his face. “Lana’s death is my fault.
“I’ll do everything in my power to make things right and ensure your family’s well-being for the rest of your life. That’s my promise.”
“I don’t need your promises, and I don’t need your attempts at making amends. All I ask is that you stay away from us and stop causing more trouble! “Matteo shouted.
“Rhys! You heard him-the Camron family doesn’t welcome you. Get lost, or we won’t hold back!” Elena roared.
“Not holding back?”
Dustin turned toward them, coldly saying, “Oh, really? Are you actually considering laying hands on me?”
“What if we are? We came prepared today!” Elena retorted and snapped her fingers. Soon, a group of thugs rushed in, surrounding Dustin. Each one looked eager and primed for a fight.
“Dustin, I know you’ve got some moves, but these guys are handpicked experts. I doubt you can take them all on by yourself!” Elena raised her head arrogantly.
She was convinced that he wouldn’t stand a chance as Dustin was just an ordinary martial artist and that little troublemaker, Abigail, was not around.
###Chapter 1577 by Marina Vittori
“Just this pathetic bunch that are trying to pass off as experts? Can’t imagine where you get that confidence. “Dustin scanned the group with indifference.
“How outrageous!”
“This piece of shit sure is daring!”
The thugs roared, clearly unhappy about being underestimated by someone younger.
“Still pretending to be all that, huh?” Elena huffed.
Then she ordered, “Guys! Kick him out!
“Yes, miss!” The thugs drew their knives and charged at Dustin.
“Get lost!” Dustin stepped forward, unleashing a powerful surge of energy.
As if struck by a truck, more than a dozen thugs were sent flying. They landed several feet away, struggling to get up and coughing up blood. Everyone was shocked seeing this.
The Camron family, Eleanor and Elena, were left speechless. No one expected Dustin to be that strong. He effortlessly sent a dozen skilled fighters flying with just one move.
It seemed unreal.
“H-How is this possible?” Eleanor and Elena exchanged bewildered glances. They had brought in a team of experts, thinking they could easily handle Dustin. However, with just one move, he shattered those expectations. How could this piece of shit be so powerful?
“Now, still thinking of making a move? “Dustin stepped forward, causing Elena to stagger back, her face draining of color.
Trembling, she stammered out, “Y- You! D-Don’t come closer! I’m Elena, the eldest daughter of the Forrest family. My family won’t let you off if you do anything to me!”
“Is that so?” Dustin snorted. He raised his hand and delivered a sharp slap across her face. He remarked coldly, “Now that I’ve made my move, what’s the Forrest family going to do?”
“You dare to hit me?” She covered her red cheek, eyes full of resentment.
“You’re finished, Rhys! I will make you pay!”
“Pay?” Raising his hand once more, he delivered another hard slap to her face, leaving her disoriented. He continued, “I want to see how you would make me ‘pay.””
“Y-You…” Elena’s face was red and swollen with anger, and hatred in her eyes. If she had the upper hand, she would tear Dustin apart.
“Dustin! That’s enough!” Eleanor couldn’t bear to watch any longer. She sternly shouted, “If you dare mess around again, don’t blame me for being rude!”
“Rude?” Dustin sneered, then delivered a forceful slap across Eleanor’s face, asking, “How rude are you planning to be?”
The slap was strong, causing Eleanor to stagger and nearly fall. Blood dripped from her nose and mouth. She looked like a mess.
“You … How dare you hit me?” She widened her eyes, finding it hard to believe.
“What’s wrong with hitting you? I’ll hit you if I want to. What can you all do about it?” Dustin’s words were domineering. At that moment, he had no intention of holding back.
If the Forrest family or the Welch family were related to Lana’s death, they would all pay the price!
###Chapter 1578 by Marina Vittori
“Rhys! You’re treading on thin ice!” Eleanor’s face twisted into a menacing expression.
“I’m warning you-kneel before me and beg for forgiveness! Or I’ll bring in Scott Mosey, and he’ll personally deal with you!”
The Camron family immediately panicked at her words.
“Dustin! You’ve really messed up this time! These two are the heiresses of influential families. If you lay a finger on them, it’s like poking a bear in the eye!”
“What are you waiting for? Get down on your knees and apologize! Otherwise, once Scott Mosey shows up, you’re dead meat!”
“It’s one thing to look for trouble, but dragging us into it? You’ve brought nothing but trouble to the Camron family!”
As Eleanor and Elena witnessed the panic-stricken faces of the Camrons, they grew smug. So what if Dustin could throw a punch? Could he really take on the Moseys’ army?
Once Scott showed up, even if Dustin had some extraordinary abilities, he would only be sending himself to an early death!
“What? Are you scared now? Kneel before us!” Eleanor demanded sternly.
“Scared?” Dustin looked at her as if she were a fool. “Why don’t you give it a try first and see if your call can get through?”
“You think I’m bluffing? Fine! You better not regret it!” Eleanor swiftly pulled out her phone and dialed Scott’s number.
After several unsuccessful attempts, she used Elena’s phone to call, only to encounter the same unresponsive outcome.
“What? Can’t get through? Want to try it with my phone?” He sneered.
“Don’t get too cocky! Scott is busy right now and can’t answer the call. I’ve sent him a message, and he’ll arrive soon.
“When he arrives, it’ll be the end for you!” Eleanor threatened menacingly. Her blood was boiling.
“No need to wait. Scott Mosey is already here,” Dustin said.
“Here? Where?” Eleanor and Elena scanned the surroundings.
“Right here.” He lightly tossed a wrapped head to their feet. The head, still wrapped in cloth, rolled a few times upon hitting the ground, freeing itself from its confinement.
A bloodied head lay there, clearly visible to everyone. Coincidentally, Scott’s face perfectly aligned with Eleanor and Elena’s gaze. Eleanor and Elena stared at each other, speechless.
The sight of the severed head initially startled them. Yet, shock gripped them once they confirmed its identity, leaving them rooted to the spot.
“H-How is this possible?”
“Scott Mosey… is dead?”
Eleanor and Elena stood in shock, struggling to believe the sight before them. Scott had been perfectly fine that morning. How could he suddenly be dead? Who did this? Who dared to kill Seamus’ godson?
“You wanted to make a call, right? Go ahead, speak to him directly.” Dustin approached and kicked Scott’s head.
“W-Was it y-you?” Eleanor managed to collect herself, her voice shaking. “D -Did you kill him?”
“That’s right, it was me,” he admitted bluntly.
“Scott Mosey had it coming. He was responsible for Lana’s death. I wished I could kill him a hundred times over!”
“You … Are you crazy? Did you really kill Scott Mosey? He’s Sir Mosey’s godson!” She was horrified.
“Whether he’s a godson or Sir Mosey’s biological son, he deserved to die!” he stated coldly.
“Mad! You’re a madman! You’re making enemies with the entire Mosey family!” she exclaimed.
Eleanor was genuinely scared now, even though she had seen a lot. Dustin was playing an unpredictable game with no reservations. He seemed capable of doing anything.
This piece of shit was a complete lunatic!
###Chapter 1579 by Marina Vittori
“Rhys! You’ve really messed up this time!
“Killing Sir Mosey’s godson is like stirring up a hornet’s nest! No matter how big Dragonmarsh is, there is nowhere for you to hide!”
Elena was clearly shocked by the turn of events. She always considered the Moseys her safety net, going out of her way to please Dahlia and Scott. Eleanor believed having their support would give her an advantage.
However, she never expected Dustin actually to dare go against her main support. His action wasn’t just bold; it was downright crazy!
“Dead… he’s dead? Scott Mosey is actually dead?”
“Dustin! Do you even realize what you’ve done? This time, you’ve really messed us up!”
After a moment of shock, the Camron family erupted in an uproar. They were filled with despair. With Scott dead, things had escalated. Once the Moseys started investigating it, the Camron family would be in deep trouble.
“One person had to the plunge. I was the one that killed Scott. I’ll face the consequences,” Dustin said calmly.
“You? Are you sure you can handle it?” Corey shouted in frustration. He added, “Mr. Mosey was part of Oakvale’s ancient house family, a giant. What makes you think you can take on such a behemoth?
“You might be asking for trouble for yourself, but why drag us into this mess? Y-You… You’re a walking disaster!”
“Exactly! All the Camron family wanted was to sort things out. But by killing Mr. Mosey and presenting his head to us, you’ve thrown us into the lion’s den! What were you thinking?”
The crowd expressed their anger toward Dustin. Scott had unresolved issues with the Camron family. If Dustin hadn’t shown up at their door with a severed head, they could have explained themselves and escaped from the situation.
But now, there seemed to be no way to clear their names.
“Dustin, you’ve really landed yourself in hot water. If you want to avoid dragging innocent people into this, return with us to the Moseys mansion and face the consequences!” Eleanor ordered firmly.
While Scott’s death wasn’t her doing, ensuring Dustin’s capture and delivering him to the Moseys would be a notable accomplishment.
“Rhys! You just mentioned you took the plunges. I now demand you to surrender yourself!” Elena joined in. She couldn’t fathom how a loser like Dustin dared to kill an elite figure. He was clearly asking for trouble.
“It seems you don’t quite get it,” Dustin stated nonchalantly.
“I did kill Scott Mosey, but that doesn’t mean I’m going to apologize for it.”
“Are you seriously not worried about the Moseys coming after you for revenge?” Eleanor asked.
“What do you think?” he retorted.
That left both Eleanor and Elena momentarily speechless.
After all, if Dustin feared retaliation, why would he have gone ahead and killed Scott? This loser that stood before them was undoubtedly a loose cannon.
“And there’s one more thing,” Dustin added with an air of indifference.
“Considering both of you were in cahoots with Scott, you’re not exactly saints. You share some responsibility for Lana’s death.
“I’ll give you two options: First, kneel in front of Lana’s memorial for three days and reflect on your sins. And then surrender half of your family fortune to compensate for the Camron family’s losses-”
Before he could finish, Eleanor quickly retorted, “You’re delusional! Lana’s death is none of our business. Stop making a fuss!”
“Exactly! Forget about surrendering half of our family’s fortune. I wouldn’t even consider kneeling!” Elena added firmly. A second-tier family like theirs would never stoop so low.
“If you don’t agree, then there’s only the second option is left.”
###Chapter 1580 by Marina Vittori
Dustin remained firm as he said, “I’ll do whatever it takes to bring down both the Welch family and Forrest family. You’ll be nothing but wreckage left!”
“Wreckage? What a joke!” Eleanor scoffed. “Rhys, who do you think you are? A countryside doctor challenging two major families?”
“Exactly! You’re barely keeping your head above water, yet you’re threatening us?
“Let me enlighten you. I’ve discreetly tipped off the Moseys. Once their forces show up, there’ll be no escaping for you!” Elena declared. In their eyes, Dustin was already a goner, struggling for his life.
“I gave you a chance, but you didn’t appreciate it. Well then, don’t blame me for being ruthless,” Dustin stated, grabbing his phone to send out a few messages.
He had already reached out to every connection he had in Oakvale, aiming to make the Forrest and Welch families pay a hefty price.
“Nice try!” Eleanor scoffed.
“Do you really think sending a few messages can rattle us? How pathetic! I’ve weathered storms you can’t even imagine. Your pathetic threats mean absolutely nothing!”
“If you doubt it, let’s just wait and see.” Dustin kept it brief. After all, actions spoke louder than words.
“Fine! I’m curious to see who’s going down today!” Eleanor remained unfazed.
“Rhys! If you have the guts, don’t run. The Moseys’ forces will be here soon. Let’s see if you’ll still be so cocky!” Elena warned sternly.
Just as she spoke, an armored convoy suddenly burst into the Camron manor. The convoy consisted of military jeeps, each loaded with armed personnel, exuding an air of solemnity.
A sizable yellow flag waved at the forefront, adorned with a single word- Mosey.
“They’re here! The Moseys’ forces have finally arrived!” Elena’s face lit up instantly. Her message had worked. The Moseys were indeed swift.
“Dustin, your time’s up. Now, we’re the ones in control!” Eleanor laughed triumphantly. She acknowledged his combat prowess, effortlessly taking down a dozen martial artists on his own. It was truly impressive.
However, she believed he couldn’t stand against a military force, no matter how skilled he was.
With dozens of fully armed elite soldiers and overwhelming firepower, even if Dustin had extraordinary abilities, daring to resist would be like stirring up a hornet’s nest.
In the end, this was just how things unfolded. When influence and power came into the picture, ordinary civilians could do nothing against them.
“It’s over, it’s all over now!”
“Dustin, you’re a walking disaster! You’ve led us to this wretched state!”
As the Moseys’ forces loomed, panic and despair swept through the Camron family members. Scott’s head still rested on the ground. Once the people from the Moseys saw the head, nothing could save the Camron family.
“Rhys! Weren’t you feeling cocky just now? Let’s see how things play out for you now!” Elena sneered, reveling in the misfortune she believed awaited Dustin.
###Chapter 1581 by Marina Vittori
The Moseys’ convoy stormed into the Camron manor, coming to a halt at the entrance. The assistant general leaped out and led a fully armed squad of soldiers. They advanced with authority.
“Who called us here?” With a stern expression, the assistant general scanned the memorial hall with sharp eyes.
“That was me! I’m Elena from the Forrest family.”
Elena quickly raised her hand and explained, “General, I have a strong connection with Mr. Mosey. I just witnessed someone killing him here. You need to catch the murderer quickly!
“Who was the murderer?” The assistant general asked in a low voice. Word of Scott’s death had quickly circulated throughout the entire Mosey family.
Dustin had stormed into Jadeleaf Manor. He openly attacked Scott and severed his head. Upon learning of this, Seamus was furious and personally ordered harsh punishment for the assailant. The Moseys’ forces were mobilized in no time, combing every inch of Dragonmarsh for the murderer.
So, when they received the tip, they hurried to the Camron manor. They had prepared to apprehend the culprit and avenge Scott.
“He’s the murderer!” Elena turned and pointed at Dustin. Then, she smiled coldly.
“Not just him. Everyone from the Camron family is his accomplice and must be arrested!” Eleanor suddenly chimed in. Upon hearing this, the Camron family members were instantly thrown into a state of panic.
“Ms. Welch! This has nothing to do with us! We’re in the dark here. You can’t make baseless accusations!”
“Yes, Ms. Welch! We have nothing to do with Dustin. You can’t falsely accuse us like this!”
“Ms. Welch, please spare us. We’re willing to give up the formula. Please, spare us!”
Many Camron family members were terrified, dropping to their knees and pleading for mercy. As soon as they were labeled as accomplices, they knew they would be in serious trouble.
Dustin furrowed his brows slightly, a glint of coldness in his eyes. He hadn’t expected Eleanor to be so ruthless, willing to drag the entire Camron family down in her quest for revenge against him. Eleanor was truly heartless!
“It’s too late for your pleas now. Mr. Mosey is dead, and none of you are innocent.” Eleanor remained unfazed.
“Perhaps you even manipulated Dustin into killing Mr. Mosey for revenge.” She knew very well that Scott’s death couldn’t be appeased with a mere Dew Balm formula.
“No, no! Absolutely not!” Corey’s face went pale, and he frantically denied it.
“Ms. Welch, even if we had the courage, we wouldn’t dare to harm Mr. Mosey. Dustin acted on his own, and it has nothing to do with us!”
“If it truly has nothing to do with you, then why is Mr. Mosey’s head in the Camron manor? How do you explain that?” Eleanor questioned.
“W-We don’t know. Dustin brought it here,” Corey said mournfully.
“Save your excuses! Without the Camron family’s meddling, how could a mere martial artist dare to pull off something like this?” she stated.
“That’s right! The Camron family is no different from Dustin. You’re all in cahoots!” Elena chimed in.
“This isn’t right… It’s so unfair!”
Corey, along with the entire Camron family, kneeled on the ground. They pleaded and cried. If they couldn’t shake off this accusation, it would mean the end for the Camron family.
At that moment, Matteo couldn’t hold back his rage and roared, “You vile woman! You heartless, vile woman!
“We did nothing to you! Why are you framing us?”
###Chapter 1582 by Marina Vittori
Matteo had promised to hand over the formula just to protect his family earlier. But Eleanor had betrayed them and now caused the doom of the Camron family with just a few words. She was absolutely evil!
Even in the face of pleas and rebukes from the Camron family, Eleanor remained unfazed. She nodded at the assistant general of the Moseys mansion and declared, ” General, Mr. Mosey’s death can’t be in vain.
“These suspicious people must all be captured and punished severely to set an example and establish authority.”
Upon hearing this, the assistant general nodded. He commanded and gestured to his men. “Men! Seize all these culprits and subject them to thorough interrogation!”
“Wait!” Dustin stepped forward suddenly, his tone icy. “I killed Scott, and it has nothing to do with the Camron family. I’m ready to bear all the consequences.”
The assistant general huffed. “You, the murderer, will naturally face severe punishment. But these accomplices won’t escape either!”
“If any of you dare to touch the Camron family, I guarantee you’ll end up just like Scott,” Dustin warned, his eyes were cold.
“What? Threatening me? You’re truly blind to your impending doom.” The assistant general narrowed his eyes and pulled out his gun.
“Rhys! Dozens of guns are aimed at you! Do you think that will make a difference? I seriously doubt it.” Elena sneered.
“Dustin, just surrender. You might get out of this with all your body parts intact.” Eleanor taunted sarcastically.
“I’ll say it again. Whoever dares to act recklessly will meet their end.” Dustin’s murderous intent filled the air.
“I see you won’t regret it until you’re staring death in the face.”
The assistant general ordered, “Men! Take him down! Anyone who dares to resist is to be killed on the spot!”
With that command, armed soldiers swiftly loaded their guns and aimed at Dustin and the others. The Camron family members, witnessing the scene, were struck silent, their nerves on edge.
Tension hung thick in the air. Out of the blue, a dozen armed helicopters appeared above Camron Manor, They hovered momentarily before lowering down ropes. Descending from the choppers were heavily armed elite soldiers.
Their arrival felt almost surreal. It was a squad of celestial warriors, incredibly imposing and awe-inspiring at first sight.2
Instantly, the Camron manor was swarmed with people again. The elite soldiers wasted no time in surrounding the Moseys mansion’s forces.
The Moseys’ troops responded by turning their guns toward the intruders. Despite the difference in numbers, the newcomers clearly had the upper hand.
“Who the heck are you people? How dare you point guns at the Moseys’ force? Are you asking for trouble?” The assistant general snapped, anger etching his face.
In Oakvale, there weren’t many brave souls willing to challenge the Moseys.
“Just because you’re from the Moseys doesn’t mean shit. You better clear out in three minutes or deal with the consequences!” A crisp, cold, feminine voice suddenly came from above.
“Who? Who’s talking?” The assistant general scanned the surroundings. Just then, a figure in fiery red leaped from the helicopter. With no ropes and no fancy equipment, she descended from the sky.
There was a loud crash as the red figure landed on the ground, creating a dust cloud. In the next moment, a woman dressed in a red combat suit, sporting short white hair and breathtaking beauty, emerged from the dust.
It was the Goddess of War, Scarlet!
###Chapter 1583 by Marina Vittori
“Scarlet… The Scarlet Warrior?!” The assistant general couldn’t help but tremble at the sight of Scarlet. Being in the military, he was well aware of Scarlet’s reputation as the one and only Goddess of War in Dragonmarsh.
Her military prowess and decisive actions on the battlefield were enough to command respect from any man.
“Quick! Drop your weapons.” After a moment of shock, the assistant general swiftly signaled his subordinates to put away their guns.
He was aware of Scarlet’s notorious temper. After all, pointing guns at her could easily lead to a bloodbath. They might even be accused of rebellion, facing death without a chance to put up a fight.
“Why is Scarlet here?” Eleanor and Elena exchanged surprised glances. Scarlet was a formidable figure that women in Oakvale knew. Not only was she powerful and noble, but she also wielded significant military influence, earning favor from the royal family.
In addition, Scarlet was exceptionally beautiful. She was ranked second on the Beauty Ranking List, stirring envy among countless women.
A woman who embodied beauty, strength, and high status-there was no one else like her in the world. In comparison, those so-called wealthy young ladies were completely overshadowed.
“I was the one talking. Are there any issues?” Scarlet approached the assistant general. Her vibe was full of authority. Her sharp gaze fixed on the assistant general.
“No … No ions.” The assistant general, visibly sweating, appeared meek before her.
“I unintentionally offended the Goddess of War. I apologize.”
“Enough with the excuses. Just get your people out of here,” Scarlet ordered with an icy tone.
“What?” The assistant general was stunned, looking flustered. He explained, “My Lady, we have wanted criminals of the Moseys here. I was ordered to apprehend them.”
“Wanted criminals? Where?” Scarlet inquired.
“Over t-there Goddess of Warrior. He’s the wanted criminal!” Elena quickly pointed at Dustin without waiting for the assistant general to respond.
Both the Spanner family and the Moseys mansion were ancient houses. They should collaborate to apprehend the criminal.
“And the Camron family are his accomplices. They should be arrested and thrown into prison!” Eleanor added. Without wasting words, Scarlet stepped forward and delivered two resounding slaps, leaving Elena and Eleanor bewildered.
“M-My Lady, why are you hitting us?” Elena covered her face, looking genuinely aggrieved.
Eleanor was equally puzzled. Was Scarlet out of her mind? Why would she resort to violence without any apparent reason? Did she not care about their reputation?”
“What did you say? Say it again,” Scarlet declared icily. Her authoritative demeanor rendered Elena and Eleanor speechless.
“I said… He’s the criminal.” Elena pointed at Dustin again. With a sharp slap, Scarlet sternly remarked, “Try saying that again.”
“My Lady, I-I-!” Elena stammered. She was on the brink of tears, feeling like she had been treated unfairly.
She couldn’t help but wonder what was happening.
###Chapter 1584 by Marina Vittori
Was Scarlet irritated? What was wrong with her?
Even though Elena was frustrated and seething with anger, she dared not utter a word.
The assistant general from the Moseys was puzzled. But he was relieved that he kept his mouth shut earlier. Otherwise, he might have gotten a few slaps.
“Now, listen up. I’m only saying this once.” Scarlet’s icy gaze swept over everyone.
“Dustin is my friend, and the Camron family is our business partner. If any of you start talking nonsense, don’t blame me for beating you up!”
“What? Friends?”
The crowd gasped, utterly astonished. Who would’ve thought Scarlet was here because of Dustin? What kind of connections did he have to get the Goddess of War here?
“My Lady, are you serious? You’re friends with this loser?”
Eleanor couldn’t believe it. To her, Dustin was just a doctor with some fighting skills. How could he be friends with the high and mighty Spanner family?
“Yes, My Lady! He’s just a loser. How could you be friends with him?” Elena blurted out.
“How dare you?” Scarlet’s expression soured, her irritation evident as she landed a hard kick to Elena’s gut. Elena was sent flying. She crashed into a wall, coughing up blood and groaning.
Earlier, Scarlet had given them a warning with a slap, but now she was genuinely angered. They were disrespecting Logan, and she was ready to show them the consequences of their words.
“Elena!” Eleanor was shocked and rushed to help her up. Scarlet scoffed. “Do I need your approval for my choice of friends?”
Elena coughed out another mouthful of blood, leaving her visibly pale and unsteady on her feet. Eleanor frowned. Her blood was boiling, yet she held back from saying anything.
Even though they were angry, facing off with someone like Scarlet wasn’t an option. They had no choice but to step back.
“What are you all still doing here? Scram!” Scarlet barked in a commanding tone.
The Moseys’ assistant general trembled and kept his mouth shut. He quickly led his troops away. Even if the mission was crucial, it wasn’t worth their lives. In all of Oakvale, few would mess with Scarlet.
“Go, go quickly!” Eleanor didn’t dare linger and helped Elena leave the Camron manor.
“Wait.” Dustin suddenly called out to them.
“What … What do you want?”
Eleanor felt a bit uneasy. She knew Dustin, backed by Scarlet’s support, could bring trouble for her and Elena if he sought revenge.
“When you return, pass a message to the Welch and Forrest families- they’re in for a rough ride.
“It’s all on you two. And make sure to prepare your coffins; you’ll need them soon. Now, you can leave,” he declared coldly.
“You!” Eleanor wanted to retort but caught Scarlet’s glare. Eleanor held back her words and said sternly, “Just because you have the Spanner family backing you doesn’t mean you can act recklessly. We’ll see how things play out!”
With that, she helped the injured Elena and quickly left the Camron manor. While their plan might have failed, it didn’t necessarily mean they had lost.
Even though Dustin had Scarlet supporting him, Elena and Eleanor had the Moseys behind them. The outcome was still uncertain if it came down to a real confrontation.
###Chapter 1585 by Marina Vittori
Eleanor and the others left, and the tension within the Camron family finally began to ease. Matteo and the rest observed Scarlet, who maintained an impassive expression, feeling uneasy. While they were grateful for Scarlet’s intervention, they couldn’t quite fathom why she chose to help.
In the eyes of the Camron family, who felt like mere ants compared to the towering giants of the Spanner family, they couldn’t fathom why anyone would be concerned about them.
Then, Scarlet offered a straightforward explanation. “Don’t overthink it. I helped you all because of Dustin.”
“Dustin?” The Camron family’s attention shifted to Dustin, their faces reflecting surprise and suspicion. Initially, Dustin was perceived as having no influence or background, merely a bold martial artist. But now, it seemed there was more to Dustin than they thought.
If someone like Scarlet was willing to help him, then perhaps he wasn’t as insignificant as they had presumed. In the face of everyone’s surprise and skepticism, Dustin remained silent. He picked up Scott’s head and placed it beneath Lana’s photo.
He whispered, “Lana, your death has been avenged, and those involved will pay the price. Also, I’ll protect your family so they won’t suffer. Please, rest in peace.”
In his heart, he silently said, “Lana, you’re one of the few friends I have. I’ll remember you forever.”
After the somber moment, Dustin shifted his focus and looked at Matteo.
“Mr. Camron, you might doubt my abilities, but I’ll do my best to make amends and eliminate any threats to the Camron family.
“Scott’s death is just the beginning. Anyone against the Camron family or with ill intentions will pay the price. Take care, and I’ll take my leave.”
Dustin nodded respectfully. Accompanied by Scarlet, he hopped onto the helicopter, which took off from the manor. The helicopter fleet gradually vanished into the distance.
Meanwhile, the Camron family exchanged puzzled glances. No one expected this outcome. Eleanor and Elena had arrived with threats and coercion to pressure the Camron family into surrendering the Dew Balm formula.
Unexpectedly, Dustin intervened, reprimanding the two women and avenging Lana’s death. Then, reinforcements from the Moseys arrived. Just when disaster loomed, Dustin called the Scarlet Warrior to the scene.
Everything unfolded so unexpectedly, leaving the Camrons’ emotions in a whirlwind. In the end, they came out unharmed and found protection from the Spanner family. It was truly a case of turning a crisis into an opportunity.
The person who made it happen was someone they had underestimated all along-Dustin.
“Lana, you were right about Dustin. He’s a responsible and capable man. Unfortunately, you can’t be together anymore,” Matteo said. His gaze fixed on Lana’s photo, and tears welled up in his eyes.
Despite the Camron family overcoming the crisis, Lana would never open her eyes again.
Silently, Dustin sat on the helicopter, gazing at the shrinking buildings below. His expression was somewhat melancholic.
“Logan, what’s our next move?” Scarlet asked tentatively.
She had rushed over without a second thought upon receiving his message. Whenever he needed help, she was always ready to lend a hand without needing any explanation.
“Scott’s death poses a problem. I shouldn’t reveal my identity for now, and I need you to help settle matters at the Moseys.” Dustin finally averted his gaze.
“No problem.”
###Chapter 1586 by Marina Vittori
Scarlet nodded. “Seamus has plenty of adopted sons and daughters. Losing one or two won’t bother him. I’ll handle it personally. If they put up a fight, we’re not afraid to go to war.”
She never accepted Anders to be called the God of War. If there were an opportunity, she’d be more than willing to have a showdown to prove who was truly stronger.
“And those two big-shot families, the Welch and Forrest families, acting all high and mighty. They really need a reality check,” Dustin remarked casually.
“That’s easy. Just dig up their family’s dark history, expose them, and send them to prison. No need for elaborate plans,” she replied.
For the Spanner family, it was easy to take down the Welch and Forrest family. There was no need for intricate schemes. A simple command could make them pay for what they had done.
This stark difference between the great families and ancient houses showcased the hierarchy. Even though the great families were incredibly wealthy, their riches and status didn’t compare to the true power and influence of the ancient houses.
That night, in a private hospital, Elena let out groans of pain. She would occasionally cough up blood.
Scarlet’s kick had caused internal injuries, and despite treatments by doctors, Elena was barely clinging to life. However, a full recovery seemed unlikely in the short term.
“That Scarlet bitch! She went too far! I hope she rots and turns into a complete monster!” Elena, grimacing in pain, couldn’t help but let out her frustration.
“Watch what you’re saying.” Eleanor, sitting beside her, was startled and quickly motioned for Elena to lower her voice.
“Elena, you can’t speak like that. If Scarlet hears it, you might be in even bigger trouble.”
Scarlet, the Goddess of War from Dragonmarsh, and one of the Spanners ‘ twins of the powerful Spanner family were not individuals they could afford to offend. Plus, considering her temper, retaliation was practically guaranteed.
“What’s there to fear? There’s no one else here. Can’t I complain a bit?” Elena spoke with bitterness, though she instinctively lowered her voice.
“Watch your words; you never know who might be listening. Trouble often starts with loose tongues,” Eleanor warned.
“If I can’t curse Scarlet, can I at least curse Dustin?”
Through gritted teeth, Elena said, ” That darn Dustin, he’s the reason I’m in this mess. Once I’m back on my feet, he will regret it!”
“Elena, times have changed. Now, Dustin has Scarlet backing him up. Going against him is too risky.” Eleanor shook her head.
While Eleanor shared Elena’s desire to destroy Dustin, considerations had to be taken into account. Scarlet’s protection made it a dangerous move, and they lacked the courage to challenge her.
“But we can’t just sit back and take it, can we?” Elena expressed her reluctance to accept the situation.
“Of course not!”
Eleanor suddenly lowered her voice and added, “Scott is Sir Mosey’s godson and Anders’ godbrother. Scott’s death won’t be left as it is.
“Once we report the situation truthfully, the Moseys will take care of Dustin.”
“But… Dustin has Scarlet protecting him, doesn’t he?” Elena asked, feeling a bit puzzled.
“Scarlet and Dustin are at most ordinary friends. I don’t believe she would openly oppose the Moseys for a small fry like Dustin,” Eleanor asserted confidently.
In her view, Dustin, without power or influence, wasn’t worth it for Scarlet to cause a major conflict.
“”That makes sense.”
Upon hearing this, Elena’s eyes lit up. I’ll give the Moseys a call. I’ll spice up the details a bit, and when they show up, Dustin is going to face the consequences!”
As she reached for her phone, ready to make a call, it suddenly vibrated. It was a call from her father. She quickly answered it, and a furious roar came through the phone.
“You troublemaker! What have you done? Our family’s in shambles because of you!”
###Chapter 1587 by Marina Vittori
The sudden, furious outburst left Elena in shock. Holding the phone, she looked bewildered and asked, “Dad, what’s happening? Is something wrong back home?”
Her father’s voice roared from the other end, “You got the nerve to ask? It’s all because of the mess you’ve stirred up!
“Just now, the authorities sent in a bunch of troops. They not only locked down all our assets but also arrested most of our key members!
“Now, the entire Forrest family is on the edge. If this keeps up, I might even end up behind bars!”
“What? How could this happen? Our family business is thriving, and we have extensive connections. Who could seize our family assets?” Elena widened her eyes in disbelief.
The Forrest family business had been thriving. With the extensive network connections, any issues could usually be resolved easily. It never escalated into such a dire situation.
“What the heck have you done? Do you have any idea what’s going on? Someone is dead set on putting you behind bars.
“You troublemaker! Who did you manage to piss off this time?” Owen Forrest, Elena’s father, was fuming.
“I… I haven’t crossed anyone! Why is all this happening?” She looked genuinely distressed.
“Don’t act innocent with me! I don’t care who you’ve offended, but you better beg for their forgiveness!
“If you don’t, the entire Forrest family is in deep trouble, and I’ll be the first one hunting you down!” He was visibly furious.
After a heated exchange, he abruptly ended the call. Elena held the phone, her face in disbelief. What in the world had happened? Why did her seemingly prosperous family suddenly face such a calamity?
“What’s going on?” Eleanor, seated beside her, mirrored the confusion. Even without knowing the details, the audible yelling from the other end of the phone left Eleanor perplexed.
“I… I don’t know… My dad just mentioned that the authorities have sealed off our family, and they’ve arrested many key members.
“Right now, the Forrest family is in serious trouble, teetering on the brink of collapse,” Elena said, panicked.
“Sealed off? Arrested? Is it that serious?
“Eleanor frowned, sensing something peculiar. The Forrest family was among the eight influential families, boasting significant sway and connections.
Whoever had the power to lock down the Forrest family’s assets must be an incredibly influential figure in Oakvale.
At that moment, Eleanor’s phone suddenly rang. Startled by her father’s incoming call, she felt a knot of unease forming. After a brief hesitation, she answered, ” Hey, Dad. What’s wrong?”
“Eleanor! Where are you? Find a place to hide quickly. There’s major trouble brewing back home.” Alistair urgently blurted out.
“Trouble? What happened?” Her anxiety deepened. He whispered, “Just now, authorities sent in a bunch of troops. They’ve surrounded our place, aiming to seal off all our properties and arrest key members of the Welch family. It’s just pure chaos now at home!
“Your mom and I managed to slip away in the confusion. We’re figuring things out. You focus on staying safe. Once we’ve weathered this storm, we’ll get in touch.”
“Dad, what’s going on?” Eleanor’s anxiety grew. The Welch family had faced its share of challenges, but the thought of a raid and being sealed had never crossed her mind.
Alistair replied, “I’m not entirely sure of the details. All I can tell you is that this is a grave situation.
“Some old debts of the family have resurfaced, and now we can either get arrested or find a way to escape. The whole family is in turmoil.
“Take care of yourself. I still have matters to attend to. I’ll hang up first.”
Before Eleanor could ask more questions, her father abruptly ended the call. Like Elena, Eleanor was left in a state of shock and bewilderment.
###Chapter 1588 by Marina Vittori
Eleanor had never imagined that the Welch family would be in such dire straits. With her parents desperately fleeing for their lives and the family teetering on the precipice of bankruptcy, the once -mighty great family had crumbled overnight.
This sudden and shocking downfall marked the end of her life of luxury and the days of carefree extravagance.
“Eleanor, is your family possibly going through a similar ordeal?” Elena cautiously asked.
“Just like you, authorities raided our home,” Eleanor replied, her expression grim, beads of sweat forming on her forehead.
“My family is in trouble, and your family is being raided, too. Is this really just a coincidence?” Elena furrowed her brow.
Overnight, two prominent families were targeted simultaneously. It was clearly a sabotage. But who could wield such immense power?
“Looks like someone from the four ancient houses is pulling the strings.” Eleanor mused.
“Are you suggesting… the Spanner family?” Elena quickly made the connection. Scarlett had just rebuked them, and the memory was still fresh. However, Scarlett’s ruthless actions took Elena by surprise.
“It’s likely them. I can’t think of anyone else apart from the Spanner family,” Eleanor stated calmly.
Apart from the recent clash with Dustin, they hadn’t offended any members of the ancient house. Scarlett’s status made it plausible for her to bring down both the Welch and Forrest families.
“This is bad… If it’s the Spanner family, we’re in deep trouble.” Elena panicked.
The Spanner family stood as the leader of the four ancient houses. They were a force to be reckoned with, and dealing with them would not be easy.
“We underestimated Dustin. It seems this loser has a close bond with Scarlett. Otherwise, the Spanner family wouldn’t be acting so aggressively,” Eleanor remarked, gritting her teeth.
She had initially brushed off Dustin’s threats, but the current situation that the Welch family was facing highlighted the seriousness of the matter. If things continued this way, the Welch family was on the brink of destruction.
“Eleanor, what should we do now?”
Elena was panicking.
“How about apologizing to Dustin? Begging for his forgiveness, offering some financial compensation might turn the tide.
“Apologize?” Eleanor’s expression grew icy.
“As daughters of noble families, we can’t stoop so low as to apologize to someone like him. Just think of the shame if this gets out.”
The memory of Dustin’s outrageous conditions flashed through her mind. He wanted to kneel in front of Lana’s memorial for three days and nights, followed by giving up half of the family’s wealth.
Such demands were just too much!
“What are our options? We can’t just watch our family fall apart, can we?” Elena was troubled. She hated the idea of apologizing to Dustin, but it seemed like there was no other choice.
“Do you think apologizing to him will make him spare us? Don’t be na?ve! He’s just toying with us. The more we fear, the bolder he gets!” Eleanor declared firmly.
“But-!” Elena was about to voice her thoughts, yet Eleanor sharply cut her off.
“We’re not cornered yet. Even if the Spanner family is trying to suppress us, we still have a chance to turn the tables!
###Chapter 1589 by Marina Vittori
“A chance? How?” Elena perked up instantly. With disaster looming for both their families, who else could save them?
“The Spanners may be powerful, but they don’t have absolute control. Also, the Moseys are still the most powerful among the four ancient houses.”
Eleanor said seriously, “Don’t forget that Dustin killed Scott. Even if the Spanners back him up, the Moseys won’t just let him get away with it.
“That is why we can work with the Moseys to turn the tables on Dustin. We won’t only protect ourselves that way, but we can also exact revenge. It’ll be a win-win situation!”
“You’re right, that’s a great idea!” Elena lit up. Why hadn’t she thought of it earlier?
Despite pressure from the Spanners, there might still be a chance for them with the Moseys’ support.
“Eleanor, I’ll call Dahlia immediately and ask her to find a way to help us through this crisis.” Elena picked up her phone and was about to make the call when Eleanor stopped her.
“Wait! Calling Dahlia may not help. Although she’s Sir Mosey’s god- daughter, she doesn’t hold as much influence as Scarlet.”
“If we don’t call Dahlia, then who should we ask for help from?” Elena was puzzled.
“The best person to seek help from is the Veros Warrior, Anders Mosey!”
Eleanor rationalized. “Ever since Anders returned to the Moseys mansion, the chess game has changed. Those who used to be loyal to Dahlia had switched sides to Anders. Scott is a prime example.
“I also heard that Dustin killed Scott right in front of Anders today. His bold move was a direct challenge to Anders’ authority.
“When had the renowned Veros Warrior ever suffered such humiliation? I’m sure he hates him to the core now!
“It’ll definitely be a big accomplishment if we perform well by helping him capture Dustin. Our problem with the Spanners’ will also be resolved together!”
Elena nodded in agreement. “You’re absolutely right. You’re definitely better at seeing the bigger picture.”
It can’t be denied that Dahlia’s status had taken a fall since Anders’ return. Of course, the main reason was that Anders had a high-ranking position and commanded the military.
His accomplishments were comparable to that of Scarlet’s, perhaps even better. Only an influential person like him could save them from danger.
“Don’t get too excited just yet. Since we’re not acquainted with Anders, he certainly won’t help us for free. We’ll need to prove our value, “Eleanor said.
“Value? What kind of value?” Elena was taken aback and looked at her curiously.
“Eleanor, you’re not suggesting we offer ourselves up that way, are you?”
“What nonsense are you spouting?” Eleanor glared at her.
“Did you think a woman’s charm would sway someone like the Veros Warrior?” Even if she was willing to make advances, Anders might not even give her a second look.
Numerous noblewomen, including those on the prestigious Beauty Ranking, have attempted to seduce him daily, but none succeeded. To become a God of War, he must have extraordinary self-control.
“If we’re not offering ourselves, what else of value can we offer?” Elena was puzzled.
“First of all, the Welchs and Forrests are prominent aristocratic families with abundant resources. If Anders is willing to help through this difficult situation, we’ll agree to become the Moseys’ vassals.
“While we might lose out on a substantial amount of benefits, it’ll help us gain a powerful ally,” Eleanor explained.
“Secondly, we know about Dustin’s weaknesses and secrets. By using this information, we can effectively help Anders remove that troublemaker. That is where our value lies!” Eleanor explained confidently.
“That makes sense.” Elena nodded in understanding. She said, “Let’s not waste time. We should go and look for him now!”
“But your injury “Eleanor hesitated.
###Chapter 1590 by Marina Vittori
“Don’t worry, I won’t die for now. Considering the gravity of the situation, I won’t be able to rest well anyway. If I visit while in a wheelchair, I’ll also appear more sincere,” Elena said.
“Alright then, let’s pay a visit to Jadeleaf Manor.”
Eleanor didn’t delay and quickly had someone bring a wheelchair over. After helping Elena into it, they got in the car and headed straight for Jadeleaf Manor.
It was late at night. Anders was at Jadeleaf Manor. He was in his study, poring over some documents in his hands with a serious expression.
Ever since Dustin created a scene at Jadeleaf Manor earlier in the day, he had mobilized all available resources to investigate him secretly.
After several hours of effort, he finally got his hands on some information. It was revealed that Dustin was originally from Swinton and had a prior marriage with Dahlia.
Initially, Dustin was just an ordinary individual with a basic knowledge of medicine. However, after his divorce, he transformed into a completely different person and rapidly ascended to prominence.
He was involved in medicine, martial arts, and business, excelling in all of them. He excelled, especially in martial arts. There was a record of him killing the Balerno Martial Arts Leader.
However, what was strange was that this person showed no interest in fame or fortune, displaying no typical arrogance associated with young men.
Although he achieved success quickly, he kept a low profile and never revealed his true identity. Without the involvement of special agencies, it would have been impossible to obtain this information.
“Strange… It’s really too strange,” Anders murmured as he looked at a photo of Dustin with narrowed eyes.
“My Lord, do you have questions?” his confidant asked cautiously.
“This Dustin seems to have appeared out of nowhere. He was a nobody before his divorce. But after that, he transformed into an unstoppable force, turning into a formidable martial arts master.
“Everything before and after seems not aligned.” Anders tapped his fingers lightly on his desk. He seemed to be seeking answers while deep in contemplation.
After a while, he seemed to have thought of something. He suddenly asked, “Oh, by the way, is this information complete?”
“My Lord, we’ve investigated everything we could,” the confidant replied.
“That can’t be right! There’s only information from the past ten years on here. What about ten years ago? What was he doing then?” Anders asked darkly.
“Ten years ago?” The confidant was momentarily taken aback.
“My Lord, now that you mention it, I do recall that no information on him exists from ten years ago. It’s like he didn’t exist.”
“Didn’t exist? How is that possible?”
Anders frowned. “How is it possible that Dragonmarsh’s intelligence agencies can’t find any information on a person?
“Unless… That person is an extremely important person that all records have been destroyed!”
“Are you sure?” The confidant was startled.
“There are only a few individuals for whom the authorities would destroy records in Oakvale. And every one of them is an unparalleled figure.
“Ten years ago, Dustin was only 15. How could he have possibly held such power?”
“It might not be possible for other people, but one person certainly can!” Anders’ gaze suddenly burned with intensity.
“Who?” the confidant asked.
“The Rhys family’s Kirin-Logan Rhys!
###Chapter 1591 by Marina Vittori
“Logan Rhys?” The confidant’s eyes widened in disbelief.
“That’s impossible. Wasn’t he reported dead?”
“He just disappeared. That doesn’t necessarily mean he’s dead. At least we haven’t found a complete body so far,” Anders said solemnly.
Ten years ago, the chaos happened suddenly and ended abruptly. After that night, Logan, who had all eyes on him, mysteriously disappeared.
The only thing the authorities found was a charred body that they suspected to be him. However, the body was so badly burnt that it was impossible to identify.
Due to the official announcement, many people came to believe that the body was indeed his. Only the sharp individuals were skeptical, as there were inconsistencies and uncertainties surrounding this issue.
However, people gradually accepted this outcome as time passed without any news of Logan.
It only came to his mind because he found a striking resemblance between Dustin and Logan. Not only were they both young and exceptionally talented, but they also shared the same surname -Rhys.
All these hints connected together and made him increasingly suspicious.
“If Logan is still alive, he should have returned to the West Lucozian monarchy. Why haven’t we heard the news?” The confidant was puzzled.
The West Lucozian monarchy was a central hub of power and was under constant surveillance by the government. Typically, any unusual movement would be reported back to Oakvale immediately. However, there was no information from either side.
“It’s too conspicuous to return there. Perhaps Logan has something important to do, so he hid his identity this entire time.” Anders stroked his chin, deep in thought.
Although he was known as the prodigy and the strongest God of War, there was still a hurdle in his life that he couldn’t overcome. It had to do with the Kirin, Logan Rhys.
Ten years ago, when Logan’s name shook Oakvale, Anders had challenged him to a duel but suffered a devastating defeat.
For him, it was a heavy blow and left a lingering resentment all this while. He had always hoped to have a fair, public rematch with Logan to wipe away that past humiliation.
If Dustin turned out to be Logan, his long-awaited opportunity for revenge had finally come.
“My Lord, what should we do now?” the confidant asked cautiously.
“Double-check and verify his identity.”
Anders continued solemnly, “I remember that Logan has a tattoo of a beast on his body. It’s the symbol of being the Kirin. Find someone to investigate whether Dustin has this tattoo on his body.”
“Understood, I’ll arrange it immediately.” The confidant nodded. He asked another question, “My Lord, if Dustin turns out to be Logan, what should we do?”
“The West Lucozian monarchy is like a parasite to our nation. As the rightful heir to the throne, Logan is a great threat to our nation. We have a duty to eliminate that threat.” A cold glint flickered in Anders’ eyes.
He did not wish for Logan to live under any terms.
“My Lord, Logan’s identity is a sensitive issue. If we take action, it could lead to serious repercussions afterward.” the confidant reminded.
The West Lucozian monarchy was not easy to deal with. If they found out that Logan died in their hands, they would undoubtedly retaliate.
Considering the Mosey family’s current power, they had a low chance of winning against the West Lucozian barbarians.
“You’re right. We have to think this through. We need to find a scapegoat,” Anders murmured.
It was the perfect timing to take action since Logan’s identity was still hidden. Once the truth came to light, the West Lucozian monarchy would undoubtedly send elite guards to protect him.
It would be too late to act by then.
“My Lord!”
A guard suddenly entered the room and announced, “My Lord, Eleanor Welch, and Elena Forrest have come to visit. They insist on discussing an urgent matter.”
“Eleanor? Elena? What are they here for? Tell them to leave,” Anders said impatiently. He was tired of the constant stream of women trying to earn his favor.
###Chapter 1592 by Marina Vittori
“My Lord, they claim that they can help you deal with Scott’s murderer and hope that you’ll meet them,” the guard said.
“Oh, is that so?” Anders raised an eyebrow.
After considering it briefly, he nodded. “Very well, let them in.”
“Understood.” the guard acknowledged and promptly left. Soon, Eleanor and Elena were brought into the room. Eleanor appeared relatively fine, only her cheeks were slightly red.
On the other hand, Elena appeared pale and disheveled. She struggled to move in her wheelchair and coughed occasionally. She looked especially weak.
“Greetings, Sir Anders!” Eleanor bowed immediately upon seeing Anders. Elena struggled to get up from her wheelchair but was stopped by Anders. “All right, that’s unnecessary. Please, both of you, straighten up.”
“Thank you, Sir Anders.” Eleanor stood up straight and lowered her gaze, maintaining a respectful demeanor. Elena, on the other hand, couldn’t help but steal glances at Anders from time to time, her heart racing.
He certainly lived up to his reputation as one of Oakvale’s four princes. Handsome and charismatic, he looked far more attractive than in photos.
He was handsome, held a prominent position, and wielded significant power, making him the perfect man. If only she could marry someone like him, she would consider it a dream come true.
“So tell me, why have you come to see me? Anders asked impassively.
“My Lord, we heard Dustin caused a commotion at Jadeleaf Manor today and even publicly killed Scott.
“We’re greatly outraged by this and have come to help you eliminate this threat.” Eleanor went straight to the point.
She understood well that pretenses were pointless before someone as influential as Anders. Her best chance at convincing him was being honest and open.
“I appreciate your goodwill. However, how exactly will you be able to help me? “Anders retorted.
“We know Dustin very well, including his weakness. With a little scheming, we can lure him into our trap.
“By then, you’ll be able to capture him easily with your forces lying in ambush, “Eleanor explained confidently.
“Sounds promising, but why would you want to help me?” Anders remained unfazed.
“To be honest, we have a deep-seated grudge against Dustin. He had used the power of the Spanners to oppress our families, making our lives miserable.
“We’d love nothing more than to tear that bastard apart!” Eleanor expressed her hatred.
“So, you plan to use my influence to seek revenge and simultaneously counteract the oppression from the Spanners?” Anders asked with a half- hearted smile.
“My Lord, we share a common enemy. If we work together, it’ll be beneficial for both parties.” Eleanor tried to explain.
“Work together?” Anders raised an eyebrow.
“What can you offer me? Why should I work with you?”
“My Lord, if you help both of our families through this difficult time, we’ll be your loyal followers and only obey you!” Eleanor bowed again.
“That’s right, we’re willing to provide you with support and resources.” Elena nodded repeatedly.
“Alright! Since you’re so sincere, I’ll help you this once. However, before that, you must get rid of Dustin for me, “Anders said.
“No problem! We’ll definitely eliminate that troublemaker for you!” Eleanor and Elena were overjoyed.
“Now, it’s time to discuss how to trap our prey.” Anders grinned. Although Anders was smiling, his gaze was chilling. It was as if he was looking at two corpses.
Just moments ago, he was worried about finding a suitable scapegoat. Unexpectedly, two individuals walked right into his hands. It was nothing short of perfect!
###Chapter 1593 by Marina Vittori
The night passed quickly.
The next morning, Dustin suddenly received a phone call from Eleanor.
“Hello, Dustin. We’d like to talk with you. Can we meet?” Eleanor sounded gentle.
“There’s nothing for us to talk about. You can only blame yourselves for everything that happened,” Dustin replied coldly.
“Dustin, I know I was wrong. I’m very regretful of my decisions. Please give me a chance to make amends.” Eleanor pleaded.
“Give you a chance? What about Lana? She didn’t do anything wrong, but because of you, she’s dead. Did you ever give her a chance?” Dustin remained unfazed.
“You’ve misunderstood the situation. Lana’s death has nothing to do with us. I swear that I knew nothing about it at first,” Eleanor spoke earnestly.
“Did you think I would believe you? You and Scott are birds of a feather,” Dustin said coldly.
Dustin had already experienced her cunning and selfish nature and how she never meant what she said. She would never have softened her stance if she hadn’t been pushed into a corner.
“Dustin, I know you doubt me, but I am truly innocent. To prove my innocence, I’ve investigated the real murderer.
“In fact, apart from Scott, there is another person directly related to Lana’s death,” Eleanor said mysteriously. Dustin raised an eyebrow. “Oh? Who?”
“If you want to know, come and meet me at Grace Brothel. We can talk face to face and clear up all misunderstandings. I’ll be waiting for you,” Eleanor said before swiftly ending the call.
Dustin held his phone, his brows furrowing. Lana’s death had been weighing on his mind, and if there was another person involved in her murder, he couldn’t simply ignore it.
The problem was, was Eleanor lying? Was she truly repentant or just setting a trap, planning for an ambush?
Dustin didn’t worry much about it and decided to meet with her after some thought. The Welch family and the Forrest family were on the verge of bankruptcy and wouldn’t be able to create any major issues.
If Eleanor honestly admitted to her mistakes, she might still be able to live. Otherwise, any tricks from her would only lead to her death. It was 8:00 pm. Grace Brothel was located at Inner City and was highly renowned in Oakvale.
It was different from the typical restaurants and resembled a classic brothel. It was also a large building with three floors, all of them appearing vintage in design.
The first floor was for dining and drinking, the second floor was for entertainment, and the third floor was a hotel.
The individuals in Grace Brothel were all specially chosen handsome men and beautiful women to suit various preferences. It was a place where celebrities and fashion models were a common sight as long as one could afford the price.
Because of its unique nature, many high -ranking officials and dignitaries enjoyed visiting Grace Brothel for entertainment. Naturally, Grace Brothel was an illegal establishment, but there were always exceptions to be made.
Grace Brothel was one of Celestial Alliance’s businesses and a significant source of their income. Because of that, it had become of a gray area after various arrangements behind the scenes.
The authorities tended to overlook its operations as long as no major incidents occurred. Meanwhile, Eleanor and Elena were seated in a luxurious room on the first floor of Grace Brothel. Their gazes occasionally shifted toward the door like they were waiting for someone.
“Eleanor, are you sure that Dustin will come? We’ve been waiting for an hour, and there’s still no sign of him.” Elena was getting nervous.
Since they had already made a pledge before Anders, they would be in big trouble if they failed to deal with Dustin.
“Don’t worry, Dustin will definitely come,” Eleanor said confidently.
“He’s the kind of person who values loyalty and would do anything to exact revenge for Lana. If he found out that there was another person involved in her death, he would definitely do something about it.”
“I know, but I’m worried that he saw through our plan and won’t dare to come,” Elena said as she looked around anxiously.
“He didn’t even hesitate when he killed Scott, so he’s not a timid person. Even if he has his suspicions, he will still come. Let’s just wait a little longer. He should be here soon,” Eleanor said seriously.
###Chapter 1594 by Marina Vittori
After spending time with Dustin, she had gained a good understanding of him. Leaving aside other aspects, the way he treated his friends was admirable.
“Look! He’s here!” Right then, Elena seemed to have noticed something and pointed at the entrance.
Eleanor followed her gaze and saw Dustin walking in slowly, dressed in white. To their delight, he had come alone. This would make it easier for them to execute their plan.
“Dustin, you’re here? Please have a seat. As Dustin approached, Eleanor quickly greeted him with a warm smile. Her enthusiasm made it seem like they were reuniting old friends.
Dustin just sat down without much courtesy and said coldly, “I’m here now. Just go straight to the point.”
“There’s no rush. Let’s have some drinks first, and we can talk slowly,” Eleanor said with a pleasant smile as she poured Dustin a drink.
However, Dustin remained seated quietly without any signs of movement.
“Are you worried that I poisoned the drink? I’ll drink first to prove my innocence,” Eleanor quickly responded, pouring herself a cup and downing it.
“I’ll drink, too!” Elena, not wanting to appear weak, also drank from her cup. They had dismissed the idea of using a lowly trick like poisoning. Someone as skilled as Dustin could easily find out if their drinks had been tampered with.
“See? Everything’s fine.” Eleanor smiled. She then continued, “Dustin, to be honest, I think we’ve always gotten along quite well. I hope we can continue to be friends.”
“Yeah, having more friends is always good, right?” Elena nodded in agreement. Dustin said coldly, “Forget about being friends. I can’t afford to be your friend.”
“Dustin, please give us a chance. We are truly sorry. Please, have mercy on us.” Eleanor pleaded weakly.
“Before discussing terms with me, you need to show your sincerity first,” Dustin said impassively.
Did they really think they could absolve themselves of guilt with just a few words?
“You want our sincerity? Alright!” Eleanor nodded, then clapped. The next thing they knew, a red ribbon suddenly dropped from the ceiling of Grace Brothel.
Following that, a stunning red figure jumped out from the third floor. Leaping into the air, she grabbed onto the red ribbon with one hand and descended gracefully.
The beautiful woman wore a classic red dress and a jewel on her forehead. Her feet were flawless and delicate, devoid of any imperfections.
She appeared serene and carried a mysterious allure in her gaze, embodying the grace of a fairy and the enchanting charm of a fox spirit.
Her appearance instantly drew everyone’s attention. A wave of astonishment rippled through the crowd from the first to the third floor. The men were completely mesmerized. It was as if their souls had been ensnared.
Even Dustin, who was known for his exceptional composure, found himself briefly entranced by the woman in red.
###Chapter 1595 by Marina Vittori
No one could deny that the woman was gorgeous and was considered an exceptional beauty. It wasn’t only her looks. Her most striking feature was her seductive charisma that entranced anyone who gazed upon her.
“The Art of Seduction?” Caught in a momentary daze, Dustin swiftly snapped out of it. The woman in red had exuded a subtle, entrancing fragrance as she descended gracefully, enough to draw in anyone who inhaled it.
That was just a small part of it. Her true strength lay in her gaze. Her every glance radiated a subtle light capable of stealing one’s soul.
This was one of the mystical arts of the martial arts world- the Art of Seduction. Clearly, the woman in red was far from an ordinary figure.
“It’s Holly Hudson! She’s appeared!”
“As expected of one of the top ten beauties ranked on the Beauty Ranking, she is truly breathtaking!”
“If only I could spend one passionate night with Holly, I would die a happy death!”
“Holly is Grace Brothel’s best card, but the only thing she sells is her art. No matter how rich you are, you won’t ever be able to get intimate with her, so stop dreaming.”
The crowd was in awe as they gazed at the woman descending from above. Regardless of gender, every single person present was utterly captivated.
Grace Brothel’s bustling business owed much of its success to Holly’s presence. As their best card, her appearance never failed to create a sensation.
There were rumors that anyone who could pass Holly’s test would be entitled to a free intimate night with her. However, until today, no one has succeeded.
First of all, to earn the right to take the test, the person must spend a significant amount of money to stand out among the many affluent wealthy individuals.
Afterward, Holly would ask questions for assessment. However, an opportunity like this was extremely rare, happening only once a month. The test was also unique and different every time. That was why, over the years, no one had managed to earn her favor.
Of course, there were instances in the past when certain high-ranking officials with nefarious intentions attempted to use force on her, but they only ended up dead in the streets the next day.
It was only later that people realized that the Celestial Alliance fully supported Grace Brothel. And that Holly was none other than the sister of the Celestial Alliance’s most talented individual, Fenley Hudson.
Fenley was one of Oakvale’s four princes and the Celestial Alliance’s guildmaster. He shared an equally renowned reputation with Adam Spanner, the God of War; Anders Mosey, the Veros Warrior; and the Sword Union’s Glenn Hadley.
Even the aristocrats and royal family members needed to treat them with great respect. Who would dare offend a person like him?
“Dustin, what do you think? Have we proved our sincerity?”
Eleanor smiled meaningfully. “Holly is Grace Brothel’s best card and seldomly appears in public. We spent a significant amount for your sake, inviting her here to entertain you.
“As long as you pass her test, you’ll be able to spend the night with her.”
“That’s right!” Elena grinned.
“Holly is the goddess that countless men dream of. It will be your honor to spend an intimate night with her.”
In their perspective, all the men in the world were the same. Men’s weakness was always women, especially gentle and alluring women. They believed nobody could resist Holly’s beauty and grace.
“What do you take me for? I’m here to discuss a serious matter, but this is the game you’re playing? What’s the meaning of this?” Dustin’s expression was cold.
“Don’t you like it?” Eleanor was surprised.
“When I said sincerity, I meant information on Lana’s murderer, not these empty relationships!” Dustin was getting impatient.
###Chapter 1596 by Marina Vittori
Dustin had seen all kinds of beautiful women. A mere seduction art would not ensnare him. Did they really think he was controlled by instincts only?
“Dear gentleman, why are you so mad? “After her descent, Holly wore an enchanting smile as she approached Dustin.
She poured two glasses of wine and remarked, “Guests are always welcome here, and it’s an honor to have you visit Grace Brothel. Allow me to raise the first toast.”
She lifted a glass from the table and downed the wine in one shot. Dustin grunted in acknowledgment and took a sip from his glass out of politeness.
“Dear gentleman, I’m friends with Ms. Welch and Ms. Forrest. I heard that there may have been a misunderstanding between both sides.
“I’ll be extremely grateful if you could overlook any past grievances,” Holly said with a smile.
“Ms. Hudson, there’s no need to involve yourself in our fight. It won’t benefit you,” Dustin said indifferently.
“Since you appear to be a talented gentleman, I’m certain you also possess great generosity. Why bother with trivial matters involving two women?
“If you can let this go for my sake, I’ll make sure to repay it doubly in the future.” Holly’s smile grew wider.
The radiant white light in her eyes intensified as she spoke, and her fragrance grew more potent. This made her turn even more charming and seductive. She was just like a seductress.
This was the effect of her Art of Seduction in motion. Once used, it was irresistible to any man. Over time, those with weak mental fortitudes would grow confused and only obey her orders. This skill of hers had a hundred percent success rate.
“Ms. Hudson, I’m sorry. I can’t do that. “Dustin remained unfazed.
“One more thing, I strongly advise you to stop deploying your Art of Seduction. That method doesn’t work on me and is extremely rude.
“Please have some respect for yourself! “Dustin emphasized the words loudly, resonating like a bell tolling in Holly’s heart.
Holly’s body convulsed as though struck by lightning, and the radiance in her eyes vanished instantly. Her expression betrayed a look of complete disbelief.
She never expected Dustin to be this powerful. Not only did he see through her tricks, but he also put an end to her skill with just a few words. Who exactly was this person before her?
“I didn’t expect you to be such an exceptional individual. I just made a fool of myself. Please forgive me.”
Holly took a deep breath and soon smiled again. The aura that surrounded her gradually dissipated until she finally returned to normal.
“Ms. Hudson, the Art of Seduction may be useful, but you should use it wisely lest you court disaster,” Dustin remarked impassively.
“Thank you for the advice.” Holly bowed courteously, then turned her attention to Eleanor and Elena.
“Ms. Welch, Ms. Forrest, this gentleman is a truly extraordinary individual. I’m sorry, I won’t be able to help you with this.”
“Ah, but…” Eleanor and Elena exchanged glances, at a loss of what to do. They initially intended for Holly to seduce Dustin before exacting their next steps. That way, they would have a higher rate of success. They didn’t expect their plan to fall apart at the very beginning.
“Ms. Welch, please carry on with your conversation. I’ll be taking my leave first.” Holly smiled apologetically before leaving upstairs.
Since her Art of Seduction was useless, there was no reason for her to stay any longer since she would be of no help.
“Eleanor Welch, go ahead and use up all your tricks. I’d like to see what else you can come up with, “Dustin said coldly.
“D-Don’t misunderstand our intentions. We just wanted you to relax a little here. We meant no harm.” Eleanor forced a smile.
“I’m relaxed now. Can we move on to the main issue?” Dustin’s gaze turned hostile.
“Of course, of course.” Eleanor checked the time on her phone and then handed over a key.
She said, “This is the key to diamond suite four. The murderer you’re looking for is inside. You’ll know who it is once you head in.”
###Chapter 1597 by Marina Vittori
Dustin glanced at the keys on the table and said meaningfully, “All this secrecy, just what are you scheming?”
“You sound as if two weak women like us are capable of plotting a scheme.” Eleanor forced a smile.
“Yeah, we’ve sincerely repented and have no other ulterior motives. We swear on our lives!” Elena swore, going all out to convince Dustin. Eleanor’s eyes twitched when she heard her, wishing she could slap her across the face.
“For heaven’s sake, why did you include me in your swear?” Eleanor muttered silently to herself.
“Since there’s no scheming involved, let’s head up together,” Dustin said casually.
Eleanor’s expression froze.
She glanced at Elena and was quick to come up with an explanation. “It’s not convenient for Elena since she’s in a wheelchair. I have to stay here and take care of her.
“Besides, the murderer is treacherous. It’s dangerous for us to go up there.”
“Exactly, it’s too dangerous and inconvenient.” Elena nodded repeatedly in agreement. Dustin could tell they were panicking. Instead of exposing them, he took out a bottle of medicine and placed it on the table.
He said coldly, “Honestly, I don’t trust you. Just in case, I need both of you to drink this poison. If anything happens to me up there, I’ll see the both of you in hell.”
“What?” Eleanor and Elena froze, breaking out in cold sweat. Already feeling guilty, they were now completely flustered. They didn’t expect Dustin to make such a demand.
“Dustin, is that really necessary? We’ll be waiting downstairs. Drinking poison is too extreme, isn’t it?” Eleanor swallowed nervously. 2
“That’s right, I’m in a wheelchair. I can’t exactly run away.” Elena forced a smile.
“What’s the matter? Do you not dare, or are you feeling guilty?”
Dustin looked at them suspiciously. “I can’t trust you if you refuse to drink it. So there’s no point in continuing this discussion.”
Upon hearing this, both of them exchanged glances and reluctantly nodded.
“Alright! Just to prove our sincerity, we’ll drink it!” Eleanor said through gritted teeth. After all, risks were necessary to gain success. It seemed like if they avoided drinking the poison, they wouldn’t be able to bluff their way through.
They would figure out their next steps later. With so many skilled doctors in Oakvale, neutralizing the poison shouldn’t be a problem.
Eleanor took a deep breath before finally grabbing the medicine bottle and taking a forceful sip. After swallowing, she handed the bottle to Elena.
“Do I really have to drink it?” Elena was almost in tears. If she had known that it would come to this, she wouldn’t have come along in the first place.
“Of course! We have nothing to hide!”
Eleanor shot her a glare.
“Alright…” Elena sighed in resignation. She reluctantly took the poison and took a light sip.
“Great, it seems like the both of you are truly committed to this.” Dustin smirked coldly. He then picked up the keys and headed straight upstairs.
There would only be two scenarios waiting for him on the third floor in diamond suite four. Either the murderer would be inside like Eleanor claimed, or it was a murderous trap.
Regardless, he was determined to find out. He was dying to see what kind of tricks they had up their sleeves.
The third floor of Grace Brothel was a special area made into rooms.
After a night of fun, the wealthy patrons would often find a charming companion and proceed to the third floor to have a private moment. The rooms on the third floor were soundproof and designed to provide a high level of privacy.
Some distinguished guests even had specially designed private passages for their access to prevent being noticed. Dustin made his way slowly upstairs and displayed the key card to the guard by the entrance.
“Sir, this way, please.”
Upon getting a closer look, the bodyguard quickly had a respectful demeanor and led Dustin inside personally.
Grace Brothel was separated into four sections-Diamond, Gold, Silver, and Copper. The diamond rooms were the most prestigious rooms that even ordinary wealthy individuals lacked the qualifications to enter.
###Chapter 1598 by Marina Vittori
Only those with absolute power and influence had the privilege to stay in the prestigious diamond suite.
“Sir, your room is ready. I wish you a delightful stay.” After the bodyguard escorted Dustin to diamond suite four, he bid Dustin farewell and departed.
Dustin approached the door and knocked gently, but there was no response. He sensed no apparent danger. At least, there was no imminent threat.
Dustin unlocked the door with the key and walked straight in. Inside, he could smell the fragrance of scented candles. The room was also decorated in warm colors, creating a romantic atmosphere.
Right across from the door was an elegant arrangement of sandalwood furniture adorned with fine wine and snacks.
On the left, a partition draped in red lace concealed an assortment of intimate items. While on the right, a similar partition with white lace covered a bed and a wardrobe.
Dustin’s gaze swept around the area, and he soon noticed someone lying on the bed on the right. However, he couldn’t tell who it was since they were covered with a blanket.
“Who are you? Why not reveal yourself? “Dustin spoke calmly. But the person on the bed remained completely still. It appeared as if they were asleep.
“Since you’re unwilling to show yourself, don’t blame me for being impolite.” Without hesitation, he approached the figure and lifted the blanket. However, the scene before him left him in shock. He could not wrap his mind around it.
That was because the person lying on the bed was none other than Holly, who was fully naked. Holly had the perfect figure and skin as flawless as snow. As she lay serenely on the bed, she resembled a perfect work of art.
It was an irresistible temptation to any man. However, Dustin had no room for such thoughts because she was already dead!
Holly was lying on her side, her body slightly curled up. There was a knife right in her chest, obviously a fatal blow, This meant that Holly had died without having the chance to utter a sound.
The surprising part was that she had only gone upstairs a few minutes earlier than he did before meeting a tragic end.
Who could have been the murderer, and what was their motive? Dustin was frowning as he scanned his surroundings but couldn’t find anything suspicious. He could tell that it was the work of a professional.
Wait a minute! Something was wrong!
Dustin seemed to have realized something and began walking away. However, he had just reached the door when two extravagantly dressed women burst into the room.
“Hey! Who are you? What are you doing in Holly’s room?” one of the women questioned.
Before Dustin could explain, the women’s attention shifted toward the right partition. When they saw Holly’s lifeless body, they froze. A second later, they let out high-pitched screams.
“Someone’s been murdered!” Their screams started a commotion throughout Grace Brothel.
Numerous bodyguards soon rushed in from all directions, drawing the attention of the guests who had been enjoying themselves.
It was only until this moment that Dustin was sure he had been set up. Although he had mentally prepared for it, he was still furious at this outcome.
###Chapter 1599 by Marina Vittori
“Y-You! You murderer! How dare you kill Holly? You just committed a grave crime!”
“Guards! Someone, hurry up and arrest him!”
The two Grace Brothel employees clamored, accusing Dustin of being the murderer. Their shouts soon resulted in a crowd that gathered around Dustin. Every one of them glared at Dustin angrily. They were filled with righteous indignation.
Since Holly was Grace Brothel’s best card and had countless admirers, her abrupt demise left the people feeling regretful. Of course, they were still mostly filled with hatred toward the murderer.
“How dare you commit murder in a place like this? You’re digging your own grave!”
“Grace Brothel is under the Celestial Alliance. And Holly is Fenley’s younger sister. There’s no way you’ll be able to get away with this!”
“Get down on your knees and surrender immediately, or else you’ll be dealt with accordingly!”
The crowd unleashed a series of accusations. Judging from the hostile expressions on their faces, it was clear that they wanted to tear Dustin apart.
“I didn’t kill her. She was already dead when I entered the room,” Dustin explained expressionlessly.
“Nonsense! You were the only one we saw in the room. Who else could it have been?”
“That’s right! We saw it with our own eyes! You killed Holly!”
The two women from Grace Brothel were filled with grief, refusing to believe Dustin’s words.
“Bastard! You’ve been caught in the act. Don’t try to argue your way out! If you know what’s good for you, surrender immediately!”
“There’s no need to waste our time on him! He committed a grave crime of killing Holly. Let’s get him together and avenge her!”
A few of Holly’s admirers fumed until they could no longer contain their fury. They roared and rushed forward, attempting to attack Dustin.
Dustin stomped on the ground forcefully, unleashing a powerful surge of energy. It sent everyone who was nearby flying, and they crashed and groaned in pain. For a moment, the crowd was shocked. Even though they were angry, nobody dared approach him.
Even a fool could tell that Dustin was not easy to deal with. He was undoubtedly a skilled martial artist if he was able to send over a dozen people flying with just a single stomp.
“Brat! Don’t get too arrogant just because you are good at fighting. I’m warning you, once the elite fighters from the Celestial Alliance arrive, they’ll surely tear you apart!”
“That’s right! No matter how impressive you are, you won’t stand a chance against the Celestial Alliance. You’ll be a dead man today!”
The crowd clamored, firmly holding their positions and guarding every entrance and exit. The situation came to a chokehold.
Dustin glanced around and noticed Eleanor and Elena huddled in a corner, observing the situation. Ignoring the crowd, Dustin jumped straight down from the third floor to the first.
“Hurry up, let’s go!” Eleanor knew they were in trouble and quickly pushed Elena, prepared to make a swift escape.
However, as soon as they turned around, they saw a flicker of movement. Dustin, who had been far away from them just moments ago was now standing right in front of them.
“Trying to set me up? This must have been part of your scheme,” Dustin said coldly, a murderous glint gleaming in his eyes.
“No … It has nothing to do with us. We have no idea what’s going on!” Eleanor shook her head repeatedly.
“You were the one who gave me the key, and there’s a dead body inside the room. Do you really think I’ll believe that you didn’t know anything about it?
“Dustin approached them slowly.
“Dustin, I know it’s hard for you to believe, but I’m not lying! I didn’t know Holly would end up dead in there,” Eleanor said with a panicked expression.
She had merely followed Anders’ instructions, doing her best to lead Dustin into diamond suite four on the third floor.
As for what was inside, she truly had no idea. She had initially suspected that martial arts experts would be waiting in ambush or that something similar had been prepared.
###Chapter 1600 by Marina Vittori
However, Eleanor never expected Anders’ so-called ambush would involve Holly’s lifeless body. Everyone knew that Holly was Fenley’s younger sister.
Now that Holly was dead, Fenley would undoubtedly take action, and everyone involved in the incident would face the consequences.
It wasn’t only Dustin that would suffer. They would have to suffer with him. It wasn’t until this moment that she realized Anders had used them. They were like pawns that could be discarded at any moment.
However, at this point, it was too late for regrets. All Eleanor could do now was to firmly hold her ground and try her best to extricate herself from the situation.
“Are you telling me this has nothing to do with you?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“That’s right. We know nothing!” Eleanor immediately shook her head.
“That’s right. We’ve been framed. Please don’t misunderstand!” Elena echoed repeatedly.
“Alright, since you claim it has nothing to do with you, then tell me, who exactly was behind this? Who instructed you to do this?” Dustin countered.
“I…” Eleanor paled and instinctively glanced at Elena. Elena avoided her gaze, looking guilty and unsure of how to respond.
“Are you not willing to tell me, or are you having trouble making up a story?” Dustin’s gaze was hostile.
“I gave you a chance, but you didn’t take it. If that’s how you want it, don’t blame me for being ruthless.”
With that, Dustin suddenly grabbed Eleanor’s throat and lifted her over his head. Eleanor struggled to breathe, her face flushing red while the veins on her forehead bulged. Her entire being was overwhelmed with a fear of death, causing her to tremble uncontrollably.
“Dustin! Don’t act recklessly! We-!”
Elena was about to do something about it and threaten Dustin when she felt her neck squeeze. Dustin had seized her by the throat with his other hand and lifted her up from her wheelchair.
“Both of you deserve to die!” Dustin grabbed them both in his hands like they were nothing.
“Stop it right there!” Right then, a furious roar erupted from the door. Following the noise, a group of martial artists dressed in formidable attire rushed into the room. Judging from their clothes, they were the Celestial Alliance’s elite fighters.
“You bastard! You’ve got quite the nerve to start a scene at Grace Brothel. Are you tired of living?” a man with a crew cut who led the group yelled angrily.
“Who are you?” Dustin released his grip, letting the two women fall heavily to the ground.
“My name is Allen Bosman. I’m the Celestial Alliance’s attendant, in charge of Grace Brothel.
“Anyone who stirs up trouble here is disrespecting me and the Celestial Alliance!” Allen glared at them as he yelled.
“Mr. Bosman, you’ve arrived just in time. We’ve got a big problem at Grace Brothel!” At that moment, a lady with heavy makeup rushed down the flight of stairs, looking anxious.
“There’s no need to worry, Madam Lynch. I just stopped this bastard from attacking someone,” Allen said, still oblivious to the situation.
“He didn’t just attack someone, he killed them!”
Madam Lynch pointed at Dustin and uttered with a trembling voice, “H- He… He just killed Holly!
“What? Holly is dead?” Allen was shocked and stood there in stunned silence.
He had only thought there was a disturbance, not a murder case. Not to mention, Holly had been the victim. She was an important member of the Celestial Alliance and held a higher position than he did.
With her sudden death, it was likely to send shockwaves across the Celestial Alliance!
###Chapter 1601 by Marina Vittori
“Madam Lynch, are you… You’re not joking, right? Holly… really died?” Allen still couldn’t quite believe it.
Holly was a member of the Celestial Alliance. She was powerful and skilled at reading people. How could she possibly be killed?
“Oh my! Why would I joke about something so serious? My two girls saw it clearly. Holly’s body is upstairs right now. If you don’t believe it, you can send someone to check,” Jennie said, breaking into a cold sweat.
“You two, go up and check!” Allen quickly ordered his henchmen to investigate. Soon, two henchmen rushed downstairs and delivered the same grim news. Holly was indeed dead. She was killed with a single blow.
Upon hearing the news, Allen erupted in anger. His fierce gaze turned toward Dustin, and he sternly said, “You! Do you even realize what you’ve done? You’ll pay for this with your life!”
True to his words, he commanded his men, “Get him! Tear him into pieces and feed him to the dogs!”
Holly’s death couldn’t go unpunished. If they didn’t avenge her today, they would all face consequences. “Attack!”
Without hesitation, the martial artists from the Celestial Alliance charged forward with their weapons.
Dustin emotionlessly raised a hand, and a large number of silver needles shot out from his sleeves, instantly immobilizing all the Celestial Alliance martial artists. Each had a needle stuck in their necks. No matter how they struggled, they couldn’t move an inch.
“What’s happening?” The crowd was baffled. All they could see was the Celestial Alliance martial artists running and suddenly freezing in place, as if under a petrification spell. Truly mysterious.
“Acupoint sealing technique?” Allen frowned as he figured it out.
With a simple wave, Dustin froze over a dozen martial artists. This acupoint sealing technique was truly mysterious. It was something not just any expert could achieve.
“I admit you’ve got some skills, but you’ve offended the entire Celestial Alliance. So, you’re as good as dead!” Allen’s face darkened as he slowly drew his sword from his waist.
“Let me repeat myself, Holly’s death has nothing to do with me. Someone framed me,” Dustin said calmly.
He was well aware of the Celestial Alliance’s reputation. It was one of the three giants in the martial world alongside the Mystic Arts Order and the Sword Union.
If there wasn’t a deep-seated grudge, he didn’t want to be enemies with them. So, he held back earlier to avoid causing harm.
“If you’re framed, then come with me to the Celestial Alliance headquarters. You can explain it there. But before that, you have to surrender!” Allen spoke coldly.
He didn’t believe Dustin, but he wasn’t confident about winning the fight right now. So, he tried to trick Dustin into the Celestial Alliance headquarters.
Once there, Dustin wouldn’t escape death even if he had great skills!
“I’m not one to entrust my life to others, so I can’t agree to your terms,” Dustin replied.
Suddenly, he brought Eleanor and Elena forward, tossing them to Allen’s side. “Holly’s death is linked to these two. The Celestial Alliance won’t have a hard time getting information out of them.”
###Chapter 1602 by Marina Vittori
“Hmm?” Allen slightly frowned as he looked at Eleanor and Elena.
“No … It’s not our fault. We didn’t do anything. We’re innocent!” Elena fearfully shook her head as she tried to explain.
“Mr. Bosman, we’re friends with Holly. How could we harm her? Please don’t let lies deceive you!” Eleanor cried.
Then, she pointed at Dustin, “It’s all him! He killed Holly and shifted the blame to us. We’re defenseless girls. We couldn’t fight back. Please, Mr. Bosman, stand up for us! Stand up for Holly!”
Allen was infuriated when he looked at their pitiful looks. “Own up to what you’ve done. What kind of man uses girls as scapegoats?”
“I speak the truth. Their hearts are more malicious than you can imagine. You’ll only harm yourself and others if you trust them,” Dustin warned.
“Nonsense!” Allen glared at him and shouted, “Everyone saw you kill Holly. How dare you argue? It seems you won’t confess until there’s bloodshed!”
Without a word, Allen charged at Dustin. His sword sliced through the air toward Dustin’s head. Still, Dustin didn’t move. And with a simple wave of his hand, the blade shattered instantly.
Allen seemed to have anticipated the attack. He seized the chance when the blade shattered and swiftly aimed another strike at Dustin’s neck. The attack was fast and fierce.
Just when it seemed Dustin was in danger, he suddenly extended two fingers and effortlessly caught the blade between them.
“What?” Allen was stunned, utterly incredulous. His blade was sharp, yet Dustin easily caught it between two fingers. How unbelievable!
“I have limited patience. Don’t lay a hand on me again, or I won’t be so kind, “Dustin said coldly.
He didn’t want any trouble, so he wasn’t going to offend the Celestial Alliance. But if they pushed too hard, he wouldn’t let them take advantage of him.
“I know you’re tough, but someone has to be responsible for Holly’s death. You’re not leaving this place today!” Allen persisted, his long knife deflecting Dustin’s fingers and then slashing toward his waist.
“You underestimate me!” Dustin snorted and swiftly delivered a palm strike to Allen’s chest.
Allen was sent flying. He crashed through a table and landed heavily on the ground. Spitting out blood, he couldn’t stand up.
The crowd was astonished at the sight. No one expected Dustin to be this strong. He could even take down a group of Celestial Alliance aces single- handedly.
As everyone exchanged puzzled looks, a frightening pressure suddenly loomed over them.
###Chapter 1603 by Marina Vittori
Someone in the crowd asked, “What’s happening? It’s like my body suddenly got heavier.”
Another agreed, “Such a strong pressure. Could it be an ace arriving?”
The unexpected heaviness in the air silenced the previously bustling Poise Brothel. A sense of impending disaster crept into everyone’s hearts.
“Hmm?” Dustin raised an eyebrow as he turned to glance at the entrance. Following the tension, a tall figure in white walked in.
He had sharp eyebrows, a majestic appearance, and a piercing gaze that radiated authority. He was so imposing that everyone looked at him in awe.
“It’s Fenley! It’s Fenley from the Celestial Alliance!” A surprised exclamation echoed through the crowd.
In an instant, the entire Poise Brothel buzzed with excitement. A surprised voice exclaimed, “Is that Fenley? No wonder he’s so extraordinary and imposing!”
Another chimed in, “Wow! Seeing Fenley here is a rare honor!”
Another agreed, “There’s no way this matter won’t be resolved today!”
The crowd erupted in a torrent of whispers at Fenley’s arrival. Fenley was one of Oakvale’s four princes, and he led the Celestial Alliance. He was talented and strong, earning admiration throughout the martial world.
Extraordinary talents like Fenley usually earned great respect. And his sudden arrival took everyone by surprise.
“Fenley?” Dustin’s eyes narrowed as his expression shifted. While he hadn’t met Fenley, being mentioned alongside Adam hinted he was extraordinary.
From the looks of it, Fenley’s presence was as strong as Anders, or maybe even stronger.
“Fenley’s here! Finally, we’ve got help! “After the initial surprise, Eleanor and Elena felt immense relief upon seeing Fenley. It was as if they saw their savior.
Eleanor and Elena knew Dustin was strong, but Fenley was even stronger. Fenley was like a superhero, especially in the Celestial Alliance.
Five years ago, he wiped out the fearsome Demonia Cult single- handedly. That was his most glorious achievement.
The Demonia cult was notorious in the martial world and caused suffering among the people in the borderlands. Under pressure, the authorities had to turn to the Celestial Alliance for help. And the alliance sent Fenley.
That night was a big mystery. But when the authorities went to the demon cult’s headquarters, they saw a lot of dead bodies and blood everywhere. Fenley was sitting on the throne, holding the leader’s head and watching the sunset quietly.
After that, Fenley became a legend. Not only did he become one of Oakvale’s four princes, but he was also named the successor of the Celestial Alliance. Everyone thought Fenley was like a monster. He was so strong that no one else could match him.
“I heard Holly was Fenley’s sister, and Dustin killed her. Looks like he’s doomed today!” Elena gloated.
“Hmph! Bad people will get what they deserve. Dustin is strong, but compared to mythical aces like Fenley, he’s not even close,” Eleanor sneered.
Now, she finally understood Anders’ plan. Anders wanted to use Fenley’s strength to get rid of Dustin. It was smart but risky. If Fenley found out, there would be big trouble for sure.
###Chapter 1604 by Marina Vittori
They had to stick to their accusation against Dustin no matter what happened today.
“Mr. Hudson?” Allen stumbled over and knelt in front of him. “I’m Allen Bosman. At your service!”
“Holly’s dead?” Fenley asked, cutting straight to the chase.
“She… she’s dead.” Allen looked ashamed. “I arrived late for the rescue, and I asked for Mr. Hudson’s forgiveness.”
“Worthless!” Fenley raised his hand and delivered a forceful slap to Allen’s face, sending him flying. Allen coughed up blood and struggled to get up.
“Whoever killed Holly, step forward and face your death,” Fenley said, his emotionless gaze sweeping the surroundings with a chilling coldness that cut to the bone.
“It’s him! He killed Holly!” Eleanor pointed at Dustin angrily. She wished she could skin him alive.
“That’s right, that’s right! We saw it with our own eyes. He’s the killer!” Elena chimed in loudly.
“Did you kill Holly?” Fenley looked at Dustin as a chilling light flashed across his eyes.
“I didn’t kill her. Someone intentionally framed me,” Dustin denied again.
“Mr. Hudson, don’t listen to him. We all saw it clearly. He’s the murderer!” Eleanor said sternly.
“That’s right! We can all testify!”
Everyone spoke up in agreement. Seeing this, Dustin sighed. There was no point in arguing anymore. Despite explaining three times, no one believed him. Everyone had already decided he was the murderer.
“How dare you kill Holly! Die!” Fenley waved his hand and sent a powerful gust of wind, akin to a roaring tiger, straight at Dustin.
Where the gust passed, tables, chairs, and dishes shattered, and drinks spilled everywhere. Dustin stood firm and raised his hand to meet Fenley’s attack. The collision shook the entire Poise Brothel.
A powerful energy wave surged from the clash like a tsunami, sending the crowd tumbling and filling the air with cries of agony.
The clash between the two mythical aces was enough to be deadly for ordinary people, even in the aftermath.
“Huh?” After the strike, Fenley was somewhat surprised when he saw Dustin unharmed. He was already a grandmaster, just a step away from being an ultimate grandmaster. Even though he had used only a small portion of his power, it was enough to kill a divine master.
Yet, Dustin had withstood the strike unscathed. So, this suggested that his strength might be at the grandmaster level.
There were many talents in Oakvale, but reaching the master level before the age of 30 was extremely rare.
“Who are you? Identify yourself!” Fenley coldly demanded.
Initially treating Dustin as insignificant as an ant, Fenley now carried a trace of curiosity in his tone. However, it was just that-curiosity. Nothing more.
###Chapter 1605 by Marina Vittori
“It’s not important to know who I am. If you don’t want to be used as a pawn, you should calm down and think. I have no grudge against you or your sister, so why would I want to harm her?” Dustin warned.
“That is my question to ask,” Fenley said, narrowing his eyes.
“I have to say this no matter if you believe it or not. Someone deliberately set this up to use you to kill me,” Dustin responded seriously.
“Who would have the guts to use me?” Fenley continued asking.
“The two people behind you know all about it. Why don’t you ask them?”
Dustin raised his chin slightly toward Eleanor and Elena, hinting at something. Upon hearing that, Eleanor immediately retorted, “Nonsense! Mr. Hudson, this person is deliberately accusing us to get out of trouble. Don’t fall into his trap. You should kill him quickly to avenge Holly!”
“That’s right. Holly won’t be able to rest in peace if you don’t kill him,” Elena added. They wouldn’t let go of the opportunity of using someone to kill Dustin.
“I don’t care what grudges you guys have. However, someone has to be responsible for Holly’s death. Since everyone thinks you’re the murderer, you can’t get away with it.
“Of course, don’t say that I’m bullying you. If you can block three of my skills, I’ll give you a chance to prove yourself. If you can’t, it’s the end for you.”
Fenley slowly gathered his energy. Suddenly, an energy vortex appeared around him. The vortex resembled a tornado. It constantly spun and greedily devoured its surrounding spiritual energy.
Soon, a massive human-like shadow emerged behind Fenley. The shadow was about 19 feet tall. It was exceptionally burly, exuding a daunting aura from head to toe. It was like a deity, causing one to feel scared just looking at it.
“How terrifying! Is this what they call the Four Elements of God’s Technique?
“What? The Four Elements of God’s Technique? I thought only the guildmaster of Celestial Alliance knew the technique. Did Fenley already master it?
“I heard the Four Elements of God’s Technique is so powerful that it could destroy everything. Even if you have thousands of troops and horses, you won’t be able to win against it!”
“Well, it’s an achievement for him to die in the hands of the Four Elements of God’s Technique.”
Watching the enormous god-like shadow behind Fenley, the onlookers couldn’t help but feel greatly shocked.
The Four Elements of God’s Technique was renowned as one of the five supreme skills in the martial world. It was one of the most elite techniques.
Once fully mastered, one could do anything, such as commanding the sky and earth, moving mountains and seas.
By that time, the person who mastered it could no longer be considered a human. They were almost invincible!
No one expected that Fenley would use such a deadly skill to deal with Dustin.
“Mr. Hudson has already used such a deadly skill. I’m sure he can kill Dustin! “Eleanor fixed her eyes on them menacingly.
“Die! He’d better die!” Elena laughed maniacally. Both of their families were in a dire situation. Thus, they could only solve their crisis by killing Dustin.
“Interesting.” Dustin narrowed his eyes challengingly. The Four Elements of God’s Technique was famed as one of the five supreme skills in the martial world. Thus, it was extraordinary.
Without exaggeration, this was a formidable martial art that could enable a martial artist to fight with another level’s martial artist.
If a fully developed divine-level martial artist learned it, they could fight with a grandmaster martial artist.
If grandmaster martial artists learned it, they would be even more formidable. They would be invincible within the same level and could even challenge ultimate grandmasters!
Of course, it was not an easy task to learn the Four Elements of God’s Technique. Only a genius would be able to master it.
“This is my first move. Watch carefully. “Fenley slowly raised a single hand, and the energy around him began to spin even faster.
A strong suction emerged from the vortex.
The onlookers felt a tightening sensation. It was as if a pair of invisible hands were constantly pulling at them, attempting to draw them into the center of the vortex.
###Chapter 1606 by Marina Vittori
From how imposing Fenley’s aura was, one would be torn into pieces if they were sucked into the vortex.
Everyone could only fearfully grasp onto any sturdy s near them to prevent them from being sucked into the vortex
“Fury of Wind God!” After gathering his energy, Fenley thrust out his palm. The deity-like shadow behind him mirrored the same movement.
With a loud boom, the air seemed to have been split apart. The majestic energy transformed into a massive palm shadow. It looked like it was going to wreck everything in its path as it hurled toward Dustin.
Wherever the palm shadow passed, a howling gale followed. The piercing wind directly sliced deep marks onto the ground. The damage it could cause was terrifying.
Dustin didn’t choose to dodge. Instead, he decided to challenge it head-on. He would like to see how powerful the Four Elements of God’s Technique was.
“Black Tortoise!”
With a tremble, the profound and pure energy inside Dustin instantly surged. In the blink of an eye, an oval-shaped protective shield formed on the surface of his body.
The protective shield looked like a giant tortoise shell, covered with mysterious runes and some patterns resembling tortoise shells.
Dustin practiced the Beast Cultivation Method, a unique and unparalleled existence. Although it was not one of the five supreme skills, it was better than it.
This cultivation method centered around the beast. Azure Dragon in the east, White Tiger in the west, Vermilion Bird in the south, and Black Tortoise in the north guarded the four cardinal directions.
Summoning each divine beast enhanced Dustin’s abilities accordingly. Black Tortoise could provide a strengthened defense.
“How stupid!” A mocking smile appeared on Fenley’s face when he saw Dustin’s actions. There was still a chance for Dustin to live if he dodged in time. However, he was just seeking death by fighting it head-on.
The blade-like wind shadow struck Dustin’s tortoise-shell-like protective barrier. Immediately afterward, a terrifying impact caused by two energy colliding erupted.
Tables and chairs within a radius of 30 feet were instantly turned into dust. A crater formed in the ground, causing the entire Poise Brothel to shake violently. It was as if there was an earthquake.
The initially ancient-looking first floor was half destroyed. It looked like it was a complete mess.
“Huh?”
After noticing the situation, Fenley furrowed his brow. There was a hint of shock on his face. Fenley thought his first move would blow Dustin to smithereens. He didn’t expect him to block it.
Not only did the tortoise-shell-like protective barrier not crumble when Dustin faced Fury of Wind God, but it also rebounded some of the attacks.
“The Four Elements of God Technique is truly amazing. It almost broke my defense,” Dustin remarked indifferently.
The corner of Fenley’s mouth twitched when he heard Dustin’s arrogant statement. Fenley was used to showing off before others. Unexpectedly, he was beaten by Dustin today.
This feeling caused him to feel a sense of displeasure.
###Chapter 1607 by Marina Vittori
“What happened? The guy didn’t die?”
Everyone looked at each other in shock when they saw Dustin standing in the middle unscathed.
The Four Elements of God’s Technique was widely acknowledged as a martial arts masterpiece. Each move and technique within it carried terrifying power. There was no way Dustin could possibly withstand it.
Perhaps Fenley had gone easy on him.
“What? He still isn’t dead yet? He’s as resilient as a cockroach!” Elena widened her eyes in disbelief. Fenley’s strike just now was extremely terrifying and destructive.
Even someone as sturdy as iron probably couldn’t withstand it. Yet, Dustin seemed unscathed. This was truly hard for Elena to accept.
“Mr. Hudson must have gone easy on them. That’s why Dustin was able to escape. However, there are still two more moves left. Dustin will definitely be killed by then!”
After a moment of shock, Eleanor soon calmed down.
Although Dustin was capable, he was nothing compared to Fenley. Eleanor was sure that Dustin would be dead soon if Fenley was serious about killing him.
“You’re quite capable if you can block my Four Elements of God’s Technique, “Fenley praised.
Then, he shifted gears and declared, ” However, your lucky days are over. I won’t go easy on you later. It’s up to you whether you live or die.”
“I heard that each move in the Four Elements of God’s Technique is more formidable than the other. I’d really like to witness it firsthand,” Dustin said indifferently.
The Four Elements of God’s Technique were represented by four elements- wind, fire, thunder, and lightning. The power of each element was almost cumulative.
So far, very few have been able to withstand Fury of Wind God. It was even rarer for one to be able to endure the Fury of Fire God.
When it came to Fury of Thunder God, no one had been able to take it on. Those who tried had all been killed.
No one had seen Fury of Lightning God before. Thus, nobody knew how scary it was. After all, the two moves alone were enough to win against everyone.
“You’ll have to gamble with your life if you want to see my other moves. Next up, my second skill.”
While saying that, Fenley raised both of his hands. His eyes suddenly turned red as if flames were blazing within them. Then, an extremely explosive aura burst forth from his body. In an instant, Fenley’s hair stood on end as his robe rustled.
With a loud bang, a scorching flame suddenly soared into the air, forming a massive divine shadow behind Fenley.
This divine shadow had discernible features and was much more solid than the last one.
It was a commanding figure of a fire deity. It was surrounded by flames, exuding an intense heat that seemed capable of incinerating everything.
“It’s so hot. I feel like I’m burning up.”
“What the heck? Why is it so hot? It’s like being burned alive. It’s so suffocating!”
When Fire God appeared, the temperature in Poise Brothel increased rapidly.
The initially cool room quickly became piping hot. Everyone felt like they were in a steamer. Even the breath they exhaled was scorching hot.
A lot of onlookers couldn’t handle the heat. Thus, they chose to leap from the window and save themselves.
Some onlookers tried to bear the discomfort. Although they reluctantly retreated a few steps, they kept their gazes firmly on Fenley and Dustin as they tried to discern the outcome.
A battle of this level was way too rare. Thus, one was very lucky to be able to watch the entire fight.
“Fury of Fire God!”
Fenley didn’t waste any time. When his aura reached its peak, he thrust both palms forward. The shadow behind him immediately mirrored the same pushing motion.
Following that, a crimson dragon surrounded by flames shot out. It roared and clawed at Dustin as it pounced toward him.
The flamed dragon bellowed with rage and collided head-on with Dustin. Its scorching flame carried a terrifying destructive power.
“Black Tortoise!”
Just like before, Dustin didn’t dodge. Instead, he activated mystical pure energy to reinforce his protective shield.
###Chapter 1608 by Marina Vittori
The turtle-shell-like protective shield trembled slightly. It emitted a layer of golden light that appeared dazzling against the backdrop of the flames.
With a loud bang, the terrifying fire dragon collided forcefully with Dustin’s protective shield. Flames scattered and surged everywhere in an instant.
A scorching fire instantly spread out from the center of impact and swept through the entire Poise Brothel.
Poise Brothel started to tremble violently. This caused many decorations to fall off. The green tiles on the ceiling started to shower down. The fire instantly ignited the surrounding wooden structures.
“Quick! Put out the fire!”
Jennie didn’t care about anything else. She instructed Poise Brothel’s employees to start extinguishing the fire. There was a saying that ordinary people were the ones who suffered when geniuses fought.
Fenley and Dustin had only exchanged a few moves. Yet, Poise Brothel was already a mess. If they continued fighting, the entire Poise Brothel would be in shambles.
Unlike the people putting out the fire, the onlookers were trying to spot Dustin. The crater became even deeper after the impact just now, turning into a pit.
Flames swirled in the pit as smoke billowed. Debris was everywhere.
“Hahahah! He’s dead! That good-for- nothing, Dustin Rhys, is finally dead!”
Seeing no response from the pit, Elena thought Dustin had been crushed into pieces. Thus, she couldn’t help but laugh excitedly.
“Suits him right! This is the consequence of provoking us!” Eleanor sneered smugly. They thought a nobody like Dustin could never beat a genius like Fenley.
It was just a matter of time before Dustin would be defeated and meet his end. Eleanor and Elena’s biggest problem was finally solved.
Just as the two women were smiling happily, a cold wind blew out the fire inside the pit. Immediately after, Dustin calmly emerged from the smoke.
He was neither dead nor heavily injured. He had walked out of the pit unscathed. Except for a bit of soot on his clothes, Dustin was untouched.
“Huh?” At the sight of him, the smile on Elena and Eleanor’s face froze. The duo widened their eyes. They seemed like they had seen a ghost by how shocked they were.
“How… How could this be?”
“Dustin… didn’t die?”
Eleanor and Elena were stunned. They couldn’t process what was happening. They wondered why Dustin was unscathed. After all, Fenley’s attack just now was enough to blow Dustin to bits.
It seemed that they had been happy for nothing. Not only was the duo shocked, but all the onlookers were equally stunned.
Everyone saw how powerful the Fire God was just now. Logically speaking, Dustin couldn’t have survived the impact. It was a bizarre turn of events. Not only did Dustin survive, but he wasn’t injured at all.
“Fury of Fire God is indeed like no other. I was almost hurt by it.” Dustin brushed the ashes from his clothes calmly.
He had to admit that Fenley was capable. Fenley’s last attack was on par with an ultimate grandmaster.
Since the Fire God was already so formidable, the third and fourth moves, Thunder and Lightning God, would be even scarier.
Dustin started to anticipate it.
His urge to fight had been awakened after a long time.
###Chapter 1609 by Marina Vittori
“You’re… You’re actually fine?”
Seeing the indifferent-looking Dustin, Fenley couldn’t help but freeze in shock. After all, Fury of Fire God was twice as powerful as Fury of Wind God.
Using it to kill a grandmaster martial artist was absolutely effortless. However, not only did Dustin not die, but he wasn’t even injured. His defensive power was truly terrifying.
“I’m fine. However, my clothes are burnt.”
Dustin grabbed the hem of his clothes and pointed at the charred spot. Fenley was rendered speechless. Fury of Fire God was capable of killing a grandmaster martial artist. Yet, it had only managed to char a bit of Dustin’s clothes.
At that, Fenley felt utterly humiliated.
“The Four Elements of God’s Technique is recognized as one of martial arts’ supreme skills. Yet, he managed to block two of the techniques. How amazing.”
“I have to admit he is quite capable!”
“I wonder which alliance this capable martial artist is from? His face doesn’t ring a bell to me.”
Everyone felt puzzled after the shock faded. The Four Elements of God’s Technique had always been unbeatable. It was unheard of for someone to withstand two techniques unscathed.
It was enough for everyone to respect Dustin’s skills. “Mr. Hudson, stop going easy on him. You should just use whatever deadly skills you have. You have to kill him!” Eleanor couldn’t help yelling.
“Mr. Hudson, good luck! Eliminate that murderer!” Elena followed.
At this moment, both of them felt uneasy. Initially, they thought they could use Fenley to kill Dustin. They didn’t expect him to fail over and over again.
Most importantly, Fenley had already claimed he would let Dustin after three moves. If that happened, both of them were doomed.
“You are very amazing. It’s been a long time since I met such a skilled person like you. To show my respect, I’ll give my all to show you how deadly my skills are!” Fenley was serious.
He felt embarrassed after suffering two consecutive defeats. However, his urge to win had been ignited. There were a total of four moves in Four Elements of God’s Technique, and all of them were fatal.
After Fury of Wind God and Fire God, there was an even stronger Fury of Thunder God.
Fenley had never used it after learning it. There were simply no opponents skilled enough for him to use such a deadly move. However, Dustin seemed to be a worthy opponent.
“Go ahead.”
Dustin stood up straight. He was not afraid, for there was only determination in his eyes.
“Sure.”
Fenley nodded. After scanning his surroundings, he said indifferently,” You guys better leave if you don’t want to die. Otherwise, you won’t have the chance to run when we fight.”
After hearing his words, everyone was stunned for a moment. Then, they quickly escaped from Poise Brothel.
Nobody suspected Fenley’s words. After all, it was simply a breeze for someone as capable as him to destroy Poise Brothel.
Even the reverberation of the battle alone was extremely deadly for ordinary people. Moreover, Poise Brothel was now on the verge of collapse after the two attacks. It was ready to crumble at any moment. Thus, anyone who stayed there would be buried alive.
Soon, the entire building was emptied. Everyone was hiding outside. They poked their heads and observed the situation inside through the windows and doors.
“This is the third move. If you can withstand it, I’ll let you go today,” Fenley said indifferently. Actually, Fenley had already believed Dustin after dueling with him just now.
With skills like Dustin’s, it was more than easy to kill Holly without anyone finding out about it. However, Fenley still had to fight with him despite trusting him.
Fenley had finally met a worthy opponent, after all. Thus, he couldn’t miss out on the chance to duel with him.
“Watch carefully!”
Fenley suddenly took a deep breath. His abdomen swelled rapidly as if he had inhaled the entire ocean water. Countless spiritual energies were absorbed into his body.
Following that, a dark cloud-like deity suddenly manifested behind him.
###Chapter 1610 by Marina Vittori
The black deity statue has a fierce and terrifying face, with a mouth full of sharp fangs. The energy that it emitted especially made one shiver in fear.
Everyone standing outside Poise Brothel felt suffocated. It was as if a huge rock was weighing down their chests, causing them to feel uncomfortable.
Some of the weaker ones started feeling wobbly on their knees. Cold beads of sweat even rolled down their foreheads. As they couldn’t take the overbearing energy, they started vomiting.
“Fury of Thunder God!” Fenley suddenly shouted. After that, he manipulated the black deity statue behind him to throw a punch into the air.
At this moment, the statue seemed to come alive. It swung its massive fist and smashed them toward Dustin’s head.
The punch was extremely shocking and unstoppable. Just as Dustin was about to activate energy armor, a frightening thunder blasted beside his ear. The thunderous sound rang directly into his heart, catching him off guard.
Dustin’s body trembled, and his mind went blank. His limbs seemed paralyzed as he couldn’t muster any strength.
Dustin could only watch the fist, which was the size of a mountain, coming toward him. He would be smashed into a pulp!
Almost instinctively, Dustin tried to defend himself. He crossed his arms and lifted them above his head. He decided to withstand this powerful blow with his physical strength.
With a loud bang, the fists of the black deity directly slammed Dustin into the depths of the earth like a sledgehammer driving a nail.
A terrifying burst of energy suddenly erupted, and another series of thunderous explosions echoed. The powerful shockwaves from the explosion instantly swept through the entire Poise Brothel.
Poise Brothel was already on the verge of collapse. After withstanding such an impact, it collapsed and crumbled into ruins.
The onlookers standing outside were also flung all over the place. Instantly, cries and moans rang out.
Although they were standing quite a distance away, the impact of Thunder God’s attack was hard to withstand. Once the debris settled, everyone took a closer look with the help of the moonlight.
The once luxurious Poise Brothel had now turned into a pile of debris. It no longer had the same glory as before.
If the onlookers didn’t back away in time, they would have been buried alive. Suddenly, a white figure soared into the sky from the ruins before landing gracefully.
It was Fenley!
Compared to before, Fenley looked a bit pale. There were beads of sweat on his forehead. Although he seemed indifferent, one could tell that he had used up a lot of energy for that attack. After all, he was breathing heavily.
“It’s a compliment to be able to die from my Fury of Thunder God.” Fenley let out a huge breath. Dustin was indeed capable. However, he was still lacking when compared to Fenley. It was considered a respect for a capable person to be killed using Fury of Thunder God.
“Hahaha! He won! Mr. Hudson won!”
Elena couldn’t help but feel ecstatic when she saw the imposing Fenley. She almost fell off her wheelchair because of how excited she was.
“Oh, Dustin. Even if you have nine lives, you should be dead now.” Eleanor sneered. She could finally relax now. Suddenly, something seemed to move from the ruins.
Immediately, everyone looked over. This was especially the case for Eleanor and Elena. Their hearts thumped furiously as they stared at it.
They wondered if Dustin was not dead yet.
###Chapter 1611 by Marina Vittori
Eleanor and Elena gulped nervously. They fixed their gazes on the spot where the strange noise came from the ruins. They feared that Dustin would suddenly pop up from it.
If that happened, it would be way too scary. After staring at it for a while, they let out a sigh of relief after confirming that nothing happened. They felt completely relaxed at this point.
“It looks like we’re overthinking. Nobody can withstand such a strong attack. I’m sure Dustin is already smashed to bits.” Eleanor wiped the sweat off her forehead.
“That’s right! Even someone made from iron couldn’t have survived!” Elena quickly nodded.
The noise just now must have been something else. Otherwise, there was no way Dustin wouldn’t have died. Fenley’s attack was terribly strong, after all.
In the end, the duo was just giving themselves a scare. Fenley also secretly let out a breath. Honestly, he was also shocked by the strange noise just now. He was thankful that Dustin was not alive. Otherwise, it would be embarrassing for him.
“Eleanor, the jerk is already dead. We must go and have a few drinks to celebrate when we return,” Elena said smilingly.
“No problem! I can finally sleep well after eliminating this problem,” Eleanor also grinned. Just as the two were in a celebratory mood, something suddenly happened.
With a bang, someone suddenly burst out from the ruins. It was as if he was a fish that jumped out of the water. After pausing in midair for a moment, the figure finally landed and stood atop the ruins.
It was Dustin!
“Am … Am I seeing this right? He’s not dead?”
“Oh my god! What kind of creature is he?”
Everyone was stunned at the sight. Nobody predicted that Dustin would still be alive after suffering such an intense attack. They couldn’t comprehend how he could survive that.
“He… How is he still not dead yet?”
Elena was horrified. Her lips trembled, and shock was etched all over her face.
“No … No way! How could Fenley not kill him? He had given it his all!”
Eleanor kept shaking her head. She could not believe it. After all, Fenley was one of Oakvale’s four princes and Celestial Alliance’s grandmaster. Everyone knew how capable he was.
Logically speaking, such a prominent figure should find killing Dustin as easy as stepping on an ant. However, Fenley had failed over and over again.
“Why is this happening?” At this moment, even Fenley was stunned. He was a fully developed grandmaster martial artist. Whenever he used Fury of Thunder God, he could temporarily boost his cultivation level.
In other words, Fenley’s attack just now was an ultimate grandmaster’s level. The power of his attack was enough to kill all grandmaster martial artists instantly.
Fenley couldn’t understand why Dustin was still alive. He wondered what background he had.
“Fury of Thunder God is true as what they say. Today truly has been an eye- opener for me.”
Dustin silently stood on top of the ruins. There was a hint of admiration in his eyes. Not only was Fury of Thunder God immensely powerful, but it also attacked Dustin mentally.
That thunderous roar had reverberated through his heart. It could instantly render a person immobile and unable to activate their true energy. Dustin had to admit that he was cutting it close just now.
Thanks to this body’s self-defense mechanism, he subconsciously made a blocking move. Otherwise, he might have died or have been severely injured if that punch had landed on his head.
The Four Elements of God’s Technique truly live up to its reputation as a supreme skill in the martial arts world. Each move was more powerful than the other.
If the third move, Fury of Thunder God, was already this extraordinary, the fourth move, Fury of Lightning God, would be even scarier.
###Chapter 1612 by Marina Vittori
“You… Who are you?”
Fenley furrowed his brow, his expression grim. Although Dustin looked a bit haggard in his battered clothing, there was not a single injury on him.
Most importantly, Dustin was breathing normally and looked refreshed. It seemed as if he got more and more energetic after fighting.
It was extremely terrifying!
“Huh?”
At this moment, Fenley spotted something and widened his eyes. Through Dustin’s battered clothing, Fenley discovered in shock that Dustin had a Kirin tattoo.
The Kirin was black, causing its red eyes to stand out. It emitted an eerie light under the moonlight. It was even more terrifying that Fenley felt an uncontrollable sense of fear when he looked into the Kirin’s eyes.
It was a kind of domination that originated from the depths of the soul. One would find it mysterious and difficult to resist.
“When Kirin appears, all other animals have to bow down to him. Are you perhaps Kirin, Logan Rhys?” Fenley asked after pausing for a moment.
He had long heard of the famed Kirin. He was a legendary character that none of the geniuses in Dragonmarsh could surpass. After all, Kirin completely outclassed all others.
Fenley first started his journey in the martial world ten years ago. However, Logan had already made his name and was very influential in the martial arts world.
Among all his peers, nobody in the world could match or surpass him. It was after Logan mysteriously disappeared that various talents emerged in Dragonmarsh. Almost a hundred families tried to compete for Logan’s position.
Although Fenley was arrogant and didn’t take anyone seriously, Logan was an exception to him. In his eyes, Logan was the only opponent to him.
Fenley didn’t know much about what happened ten years ago. However, Fenley was sure that Logan had a special Kirin tattoo. This was also why people had referred to Logan as Kirin.
Thus, Fenley thought of Logan the moment he saw the tattoo on Dustin’s chest. Dustin had the same surname as Logan, was also capable, and even had a Kirin tattoo. Thus, Dustin must be Logan!
The person in front of Fenley must be the Kirin, Logan Rhys!
“What? Kirin? Is that right?”
“No way. Isn’t Kirin already dead? Why would he appear here now?”
Fenley’s question caused a discussion to spark among the crowd. Everyone was especially shocked when they saw Dustin’s exposed Kirin tattoo.
“Oh my god! He even has a Kirin tattoo. Isn’t that too much of a coincidence?”
“Perhaps … Is he really the renowned Kirin?”
At this moment, the situation was chaotic. Compared to the duel just now, everyone was more curious about Dustin’s identity.
After all, Logan was a legendary figure. Plus, he was the Crown Prince of West Lucozia. Whether it was in terms of status, talent, or strength, he was among the absolute elite.
Most importantly, Kirin had already been missing for ten years. It was long rumored that he had died from sickness.
Now that everyone saw him standing in front of them, they naturally felt stunned. If this news were to get out, it would undoubtedly be shocking.
“Dustin is actually Kirin? How could that be?”
Eleanor and Elena were stunned. The duo widened their eyes and looked at each other. They couldn’t accept this at all.
This news was a bolt from the blue for them.
###Chapter 1613 by Marina Vittori
“No way… This isn’t possible!”
“Logan is such an outstanding martial artist. How can Dustin be compared to him? It must be a coincidence!”
Eleanor couldn’t believe this. She had known Dustin for some while. To her, Dustin was a low-life. Thus, there was no way he would suddenly become the unparalleled Kirin.
It was simply improbable!
“You must have gotten it wrong. A Kirin tattoo doesn’t symbolize anything. Anyone could tattoo this on their chest. Perhaps Dustin only got this tattoo to scare us off!”
After a moment of shock, Elena also looked suspicious.
Nobody knew Dustin better than her. When she first met him in Millsburg, Rosaline and Florence described Dustin as an absolute loser. The most he knew was a bit of fighting. Dustin was completely out of the unbeatable Kirin’s league.
Looking at the battered clothing that revealed his tattoo, Dustin couldn’t help but let out a sigh.
He didn’t expect that a small mistake on his part would expose his identity. It seemed there would be trouble for him in the future.
“I’ve heard of you for a long time. After meeting you today, I find that you really live up to your reputation.” Fenley clasped his hands together and lowered his head in respect
Only a few people could earn his respect, and Logan was one of them.
“You got the wrong person. I’m not Logan.” Dustin shook his head. Naturally, Dustin wouldn’t admit his identity in front of so many people. At present, he would do his best to hide his identity.
“As expected, it’s just a misunderstanding. How could Dustin be the Crown Prince of West Lucozia?” Elena immediately grinned after hearing Dustin deny it.
She had truly gotten a shock just now. Thankfully, it was just a misunderstanding.
“What a relief that it’s just a misunderstanding. We’re dead meat otherwise.” Eleanor also let out a deep sigh. She felt like she had just survived a disaster.
Eleanor and Elena had done so many things to harm Dustin. If Dustin really was the Rhys’ Kirin, they would be doomed. Not only that, but even their family would suffer the same fate. When that happened, it was the end for the two and their family.
“Logan, it’s useless even if you don’t admit to it. People like us are destined to live an extraordinary life. Even if you try to hide your identity, you’ll still expose yourself one day.
“Honestly, I was looking forward to fighting head-on with the former Kirin. However, you seemed to have changed.
“You lost the drive and vigor you once had. You’re not the arrogant and domineering genius I know of.” Fenley shook his head.
“I don’t know what you’re saying. Mr. Hudson, we’ve already exchanged three moves. According to the promise we had just now, you should stop here, “Dustin replied indifferently.
“Perhaps Holly’s death has nothing to do with you. However, we should have a duel. I want to know who’s more capable. Me, or the former Kirin,” Fenley answered in high spirits.
“I am nothing compared to you,” Dustin said.
“You proved your capability by blocking the first three moves of Four Elements of God’s Technique. However, I’m not sure if you can still withstand the fourth one.” There was a hint of mockery in Fenley’s eyes.
After learning the Four Elements of God’s Technique, Fenley had never used the fourth skill-Fury of Lightning God.
Firstly, the attack was way too overbearing and hard to control. Secondly, it would consume a huge amount of energy. Once Fenley used it, all of the energy in his body would be depleted.
Thus, it was a move that would lead to his downfall if he didn’t succeed.
Fenley wouldn’t easily use it if it was not a matter of life and death. However, he was willing to take a risk just to battle with Dustin.
“Mr. Hudson, we should stop fighting.” Dustin shook his head.
“What? Are you scared? Back then, Kirin was never afraid of challenges. However, you seem meek. You’re nothing like him. Honestly, I’m disappointed in you.” Fenley furrowed his brow.
“Let’s spar again in the future if we have a chance. However, let’s not do it today.” Dustin looked around his surroundings.
More and more people started to gather. If Dustin didn’t get away soon, it would get more troublesome for him.
###Chapter 1614 by Marina Vittori
“There’s no time better than the present. Let’s do it tonight!” Fenley was ready for battle.
As he spoke, he suddenly took a deep breath. A huge amount of spiritual energy from heaven and earth rushed in from all directions and flowed into him continuously.
Soon afterward, Fenley suddenly appeared bigger, more terrifying, and more shocking. His black eyes suddenly became white, all his hair stood on its end, and his clothes flapped loudly in the wind. Thunder rumbled, and lightning flashed around him without stopping.
In the next moment, Fenley’s feet suddenly lifted off the ground as he levitated. He looked like a celestial being and a devil at the same time.
He appeared very prideful and impressive. Even though the battle hadn’t started, his presence was domineering, and it left everyone breathless.
At this moment, all those present had the sudden urge to get on their knees to worship him. They felt the reverence for him deep within their beings. It was as if Fenley was no longer human. Instead, he was an almighty being.
“This is the most lethal move in the Four Elements of God’s Technique. It’s known as Fury of Lightning God. Keep your distance, people. Be careful not to get yourself caught in the middle of this move!” 2
Someone shouted excitedly, and the crowd immediately moved further backward out of fear. They didn’t need this reminder to know it was getting dangerous.
Compared to the first three moves, it was obvious that Fenley’s upcoming attacks would be more powerful.
All those present were panic-stricken, and they could feel their skin crawl even though the battle hadn’t begun.
“Mr. Hudson is finally going to use his secret weapon. Dustin Rhys is certainly dead meat this time!” Elena said viciously.
“Kill him! Please kill him! He must be killed!” Eleanor said through gritted teeth, her face twisted into a wicked expression.
The better Dustin became, the more threatened they felt. If he didn’t die tonight, it’d be a huge problem in the future. As such, they could only hope that Fenley could get rid of Dustin once and for all to prevent future problems.
“Stop!” A loud voice suddenly boomed from nowhere. Soon afterward, a gleaming golden arrow shot out from the darkness, heading toward Fenley with lightning speed.
The golden arrow tore through the air, casting a long and golden shadow in its trail. Even though it wasn’t very impressive, it was surprisingly fast, like lightning. It hit its target in the blink of an eye.
“Hmm?” Fenley’s eyelid twitched, and he instinctively raised his forearm to block it.
The arrow penetrated Fenley’s protection armor energy. In addition to puncturing his protection, the terrifying propulsion caused Fenley to stagger a few steps backward.
The potency of the upcoming attack instantly disappeared into thin air. The crowd was shocked by this sudden turn of events. No one expected anyone to sneak up on Fenley, much less cause him to retreat a few steps backward.
“Who’s that? Who shot me?” Fenley was somewhat miffed. His sharp gaze looked in the direction of where the arrow came from.
“It was me.” In the darkness, an elegantly dressed, handsome young man strode in with his head held high.
Behind him were two beautiful female assistants. One held his bow, and the other carried his quiver as they walked side-by-side.
“It’s you?” Fenley raised his eyebrows slightly in surprise when he saw the man. He was none other than Adam Spanner, one of Oakvale’s four princes!
###Chapter 1615 by Marina Vittori
“Oh wow! Isn’t he Adam Spanner, the God of Military? What is he doing here?
“Fuck! It really is the God of Military! This is going to be good!”
“Oh my! The God of Military is so handsome! He looks so much better in person!”
The sudden appearance of Adam Spanner caused a stir in the crowd. Some young women even appeared lovesick as their eyes shone with admiration.
Dragonmarsh had four Gods of War but had only one God of Military. The God of Military was someone who was brave and visionary. He was also well-versed in literary works and martial arts.
In addition to being above everyone in courage and martial arts, Adam Spanner was a highly intelligent person. The most important point was that he had a face that could captivate the attention of most women.
In terms of popularity, Adam Spanner was definitely at the top in Dragonmarsh. There would always be a huge uproar wherever he went.
“Fenley Hudson, it’s about time to stop. Don’t you have anything else to do? Why are you here fighting and killing in the middle of the night?” Adam said calmly.
“Adam Spanner, do you know the person in front of me?” Fenley gestured with his chin.
“Why does it matter? Everyone must obey the law under the princes’ rule. You’re causing too much of a ruckus. Don’t say I didn’t warn you if you continue to fool around,” Adam said expressionlessly.
“From the looks of it, I think you already know.” Fenley scanned the area and suddenly understood.
He added, “You came here on purpose to help Dustin Rhys, correct? But do you think you can hide what happened today?”
“Fenley Hudson, you’re part of the martial world. You drink and have fun every day. Isn’t it better for you to just be a selfless hero? Why are you so nosy? “Adam ridiculed him.
“Since you already know that I’m part of the martial world, then you should know that in my world, power is king,” Fenley said.
Then, he continued loudly, “All these years, I never lost in a battle. I’ve never met my match, and I feel very lonely.
“So, now, I really need a very strong opponent to ignite my will to fight. Kirin Dustin Rhys will be the ultimate proving ground. Once I defeat him, I’ll be second to none!”
“Second to none?” Adam laughed when he heard that. Then, in a sarcastic tone, he said, ” Fenley Hudson, forget about Dustin Rhys, you can’t even beat Glenn Hadley, your own peer. How are you going to be second to none?”
“Glenn Hadley from the Sword Union?” Fenley narrowed his eyes.
He added coldly, “Glenn Hadley may be skilled, but he might not be my match. When I get the chance to meet him, we’ll find out who’s better. However, right now, my target is Dustin Rhys!”
“Fenley Hudson, Oakvale is not ruled by the Celestial Alliance. You cannot do as you please. If you dare to do anything stupid, I might just put a few holes through you.”
“What? Are you challenging me?” Fenley raised his head slightly.
The God of Military might be very popular, but he was good at warfare and strategizing. If it was a one-on- one battle, Fenley was quite confident that he could win.
“Challenge? You’re thinking too much. I like to fight in groups.” Adam said honestly, “If you want to fight, you only have two options. Either you fight all of us alone, or we’ll all bash you together. Take your pick.”
Fenley was speechless, and his eyelid twitched. He had never thought that the Military God would say something so shameless in such a serious manner. He had no spirit of sportsmanship at all.
“Hey, are you done thinking about it? Are you going to fight?” Adam turned the tables against Fenley and started rushing him.
“You-” Fenley was quite annoyed. Dustin Rhys was already a handful. He wouldn’t be able to win if he had to fight Adam Spanner as well.
###Chapter 1616 by Marina Vittori
It was just that this opportunity was hard to come by, and Fenley really didn’t want to miss it.
“Aren’t you afraid people will laugh at you for bullying the weak?” Fenley tried to upset him on purpose.
“You may abide by the rules of the martial world, but I live by the rules at the frontline. You’re used to individual fights, and I respect that.
“However, we’re used to fighting in groups. Don’t you think you should show some respect to us as well?”
Adam asked matter-of-factly.
“You… You’re so unreasonable!”
Fenley was angry. Adam clearly lacked sportsmanship, yet he spoke in such a confident manner. He had never seen someone so shameless.
“Alright, alright. Stop yapping. If you want to fight, let’s fight. If not, just leave. Don’t waste my time.” Adam was getting a little impatient. His little speech successfully provoked Fenley to the point where he almost lost his composure.
For someone who was inarticulate, he knew very well that it wouldn’t do him any good if he continued this fight. He would only get himself into a lot of trouble. The best thing for him right now was to retreat.
“Adam Spanner, I’ll remember this. This won’t be the last of me. Your presence today has further enhanced Dustin Rhys’ status. I hope you don’t live to regret this. Farewell!”
With that, Fenley disappeared into the darkness in a flash. Adam glanced at Dustin and shrugged helplessly. As Fenley had said, it was no longer possible to keep Dustin’s identity a secret.
The incident that happened in Central City spread like wildfire throughout Oakvale within one night. Despite the Spanner’s family influence, it was impossible to stifle information about the incident. It would have the opposite effect if they decided to interfere.
“It doesn’t matter. Let’s go with the flow,” Dustin said, shaking his head lightly. He didn’t seem to mind too much.
He knew that this would happen and had already prepared himself to face the worst when he arrived at Oakvale. He could not run away from the inevitable forever. It was time for him to face his enemies.
“Eleanor, what are we going to do now? “In the crowd, Elena looked very nervous and broke out in cold sweat.
Fenley had already left, and their plan to kill Dustin had failed completely. They were now in great danger as they might lose their lives at any moment.
“We should leave as fast as we can. It’s better to stay alive!” Eleanor gritted her teeth and made up her mind. Even though she felt a little dissatisfied, their only way out was to seek help from Anders and plan their next move.
When they turned back and got ready to leave, they saw a flash before their eyes. Before they knew it, Dustin, who was initially quite far away, was already standing before them.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Dustin turned slowly and looked at them with a cold but murderous gaze.
“We… We were just going home as there’s a sudden emergency. We have to go now.” Elena forced a smile.
“Is that so? Do you guys want a ride?” Dustin asked with a cold expression.
“Thanks, but we don’t want to trouble you. We can get going on our own.” Elena’s face appeared frozen.
“No trouble at all.” Dustin suddenly smirked and said, “Besides, I’d like to send you to hell. You’re most welcome. Have a pleasant journey!”
###Chapter 1617 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?” Elena shivered and almost peed her pants when she saw Dustin’s eerie smile. When she regained her composure, she quickly begged for forgiveness, “Dus Dustin, please, can we talk about this? It was all a huge misunderstanding. Are you upset? We can certainly talk it over.
“Give me a reason not to kill both of you?” Dustin inched closer with a killer gaze.
“Reason? The reason is … keeping us alive is beneficial to you too!” Elena racked her brain and found an answer.
She continued, “Didn’t you want half of our inheritance? We’ll agree to all your requests. As long as you don’t kill me, we’ll agree to anything.”
“Too late.” Dustin shook his head. “If you had come to this realization earlier, I might have considered letting you live. However, I realized that both of you are very stubborn, and you are better off dead!”
“Dustin, it’s our fault. I know it’s all our fault now!” Elena was flabbergasted, tugging at Eleanor’s sleeve for support. “Eleanor, quick, say something! If not, we’re both dead meat!”
“Why are you so nervous? Useless!” At this moment, Eleanor suddenly became very haughty and refused to budge.
With her head held up high, she said, ” Dustin Rhys, I’ll never get on my knees to beg you! I’m the daughter of a great family, and I’ll never surrender to someone lowly like you!”
Elena’s face paled when she heard that. She growled, “Eleanor, are you crazy? Do you know what you’re talking about? Do you want to die?”
“Hmph! Do you think he’ll let us live if we beg for forgiveness? Dream on!” Eleanor said. With a solemn expression, she continued, “He’ll be more arrogant if we show fear. We must not boost his ego!”
“What if he gets angry if you keep upsetting him?” Elena asked, looking stricken. She had already witnessed Dustin’s true potential earlier. Even Fenley, one of the good fighters in the city, couldn’t take him on.
It was enough to show that Dustin was a force to contend with. Once he got angry, he could easily kill them.
“Hmph! There are so many people here. I don’t think he dares to do anything stupid!” Eleanor shouted.
“Do you think there are too many people? Not a problem, I’ll take care of it.” Dustin snickered as he turned around and winked at Adam.
Adam quickly understood what he meant and got his subordinates to disperse the crowd. Within a few minutes, the unusually busy place was now very quiet. Eleanor’s eyelid twitched, and she broke out in cold sweat at the sight before her.
“Eleanor! What are we going to do now? There’s no one around now.” Elena was distraught.
“Dustin Rhys! Don’t think you can scare me like this! You should know that I still have someone powerful to back me up!” Eleanor roared.
“A powerful backup? May I know who it is?” Dustin asked casually.
“The Veros Warrior, Anders Mosey!” Eleanor puffed up her chest slightly.
“No wonder both of you were so daring! You have Anders Mosey’s support.” Dustin nodded knowingly. “That is to say, Anders Mosey is the mastermind behind the plan to kill me with a borrowed knife?”
“Hey! I didn’t say that!” Eleanor’s facial expression suddenly changed, and she quickly denied it.
Before they executed the plan, Anders had made her promise not to reveal anything about him. If she did, he’d want her to take full responsibility.
“It’s fine if you deny it. I have all the time in the world tonight, and I can play your games.” Dustin glanced at Adam.
Instantly, Adam snapped his fingers after knowing what Dustin wanted. Adam’s female assistants didn’t waste time and immediately tied Eleanor and Elena up.
“Hey! What are you doing? Let me go now!”
Eleanor was flustered and started throwing threats around, “Let me warn you, if you dare to hurt even a single hair on our head, the Veros Warrior will not forgive you!”
###Chapter 1618 by Marina Vittori
“You really wouldn’t budge even in the face of death,” Dustin said sarcastically, “Do you think I’m afraid of Anders Mosey? If I was, why would I kill Scott Mosey?”
Eleanor was dumbfounded and stood rooted to the spot upon hearing that. She had almost forgotten about it. Dustin had the guts to kill even Scott Mosey. Why would he hesitate to kill them? This guy was just really crazy.
“That’s enough. I don’t want to waste my time on any of you. You’ll eventually spill when you go to prison,” Dustin said calmly.
“Take them away.” Adam gestured toward his female assistants. When they received his order, they dragged Eleanor and Elena away and were ready to leave in the car.
“No! I don’t want to go to prison!
Dustin, please let me go! I know that I’m wrong now! I will serve you, is that alright? I will always obey you and do whatever you ask me to. Please!” Elena was really afraid. She was howling and begging with tears streaming down her face.
Now, the Forrest family was in deep waters, and they couldn’t save her. If she went to prison, she’d be tortured alive.
When she saw that Dustin remained unmoved, Elena turned toward Eleanor and yelled, “Eleanor Welch! What are you doing? Apologize quickly! I don’t want to die with you!”
Eleanor finally came to her senses after Elena shouted at her. They were already at the losing end, and they had lost everything.
She could never defeat Dustin, who had the support of the Spanner family. Even though she was very unhappy, she had no choice but to surrender.
“I’ll tell. I’ll tell you everything! Dustin Rhys, as long as you let us go, I’ll tell you everything you want to know!”
Eleanor fessed up. She looked very depressed, like a shriveled leaf.
“You have no right to negotiate with me. Why don’t you tell me everything about your secret plan? I’ll consider your proposal if I think the information is worth it,” Dustin said calmly.
“Fine, I’ll tell you.” Eleanor nodded and was just about to speak. Suddenly, there was a flash of fire in the far depths of the darkness.
Soon afterward, there was a loud bang. A golden bullet lit up the night sky and shot through Eleanor’s forehead. The bullet entered between the eyebrow and left through the back of her head. Blood and brain splattered across the ground.
“Uh…” Eleanor trembled as her eyes widened in disbelief. In the next moment, she fell backward and was dead.
“What?” The sudden turn of events shocked Elena, who was beside Eleanor. She never expected that Eleanor, who was from a great family, would die this way. Who did it? Why would they assassinate Eleanor Welch?
“Hide quickly!” Adam frowned and ordered his assistants to shield themselves. The gunman must be highly skilled to hit his target in the darkness of the night from a few thousand yards away.
Adam couldn’t care less about the death of Eleanor Welch. He was more worried about the lives of his trusted assistants.
At this moment, another bang could be heard from afar. A second golden bullet appeared after the bright flash and killed Elena, who was still in shock!
She died the same way as Eleanor did. The bullet pierced through her forehead, between her eyebrows, and caused irreparable brain damage. There was no way she could be saved.
###Chapter 1619 by Marina Vittori
Dustin frowned as he looked at the two dead bodies on the ground. Skilled martial artists had keen senses, alerting them of any incoming attack. These heightened senses allowed their bodies to naturally dodge or block the attack.
Nevertheless, those two shots were very well-concealed. Besides, he wasn’t able to sense the shooter as the shots fired meant him no harm.
He was indifferent toward the deaths of Eleanor Welch and Elena Forrest. However, it was an obvious challenge as the shooter decided to kill them right in front of him.
Dustin raised his head and looked in the direction where the shots were fired. It was at a higher elevation where the shooter could have a clear view of his target. However, the person had already left by now.
“Hurry! Get someone to block the crime scene right now! We must capture the shooter!” Adam quickly gave a decisive order after regaining his composure.
“There’s no need for that. The shooter had already escaped.” Dustin raised his hand to stop Adam. Eleanor and Elena were better off dead. There was no need to investigate their cause of death. The only regret was they died too soon.
Dustin neither got valuable information from them nor was he able to properly express his anger toward them. It was kind of annoying.
“Dustin, do you know who’s behind this?” Adam asked.
“I can’t say for sure, but I can make a guess,” Dustin said calmly, “If my guess is correct, the shooter might be working for Anders Mosey.”
“Anders Mosey?” Adam raised an eyebrow and continued, “That’s weird. Why would he kill them? They weren’t anyone important. Was it worth the effort?”
“It’s probably because of me,” Dustin said.
He added thoughtfully. “If I’m not mistaken, Anders Mosey must have found out about my real identity. So, he set me up using these two women and got Fenley Hudson to do the dirty work of killing me.”
Dustin’s suspicion wasn’t unfounded. With his status, Anders Mosey didn’t have to jump through these many loops to get his revenge on a normal person.
All he had to do was to give the order, and it’d be taken care of right away. He didn’t have to kill Dustin with a borrowed knife.
The only possible explanation was that he had some concerns and wanted to avoid problems. A normal person wouldn’t have this capability.
Anders Mosey was concerned about Dustin’s real identity.
“Anders Mosey is so bold and fearless. He actually had the guts to assassinate you even after finding out your real identity! He really is disregarding the West Lucozian monarchy!” Adam narrowed his eyes, and his gaze became more threatening.
Anders Mosey really needed to be taught a lesson for setting up a trap to trick Dustin!
“As long as my true identity remains a secret, Anders Mosey just needed to find two scapegoats to bear the blame. If there’s any issue, it won’t be traced back to him,” Dustin explained calmly.
If he died tonight, the blame would only fall on Fenley Hudson, Eleanor Welch, and Elena Forrest. Dustin was certain that regardless of tonight’s outcome, Eleanor and Elena would be killed to avoid future problems.
“What a sly fox! His plan was perfect!” Adam gritted his teeth.
Suddenly, he looked serious. “Dustin, if Anders Mosey has already found out about your identity, there might be chaos in the next few days. You will be in deep waters then. Why don’t you leave the city for a while?”
Dustin may be of blue blood, but his royal lineage was also putting him in constant danger.
In the empire, more than half of the dignitaries saw the Prince of West Lucozia as a thief even though he had done a lot for the empire. Their intentions could be hidden or obvious, but most of them couldn’t wait to hear about his death.
As the heir to the Prince of West Lucozia, Dustin wasn’t treated any better. The assassination attempt a decade ago was the best proof.
“It’s alright. What will happen, will happen eventually. I’m done hiding.” Dustin shook his head.
He added, “I want to learn the truth about the incident that happened years ago. Perhaps by using myself as bait, I can lure out the scoundrels hiding in the dark and capture them one by one.”
“You’ve considered this plan carefully, haven’t you?” Adam asked with a slight frown.
###Chapter 1620 by Marina Vittori
“Of course!” Dustin looked determined. “I already have some clues to help me uncover the truth about the incident. I can’t leave no matter what.”
“Right! Since you’ve already made up your mind, I’ll give you my unconditional support. Just let me know if you need any help!” Adam said as he patted his chest.
“Of course. I’ll definitely need your help.” Dustin smiled lightly and added, “I’ll rely heavily on you for any tedious and difficult task.”
“What are you talking about? Am I only worthy of tedious and difficult tasks?”
Adam sounded disappointed.
“You’re the most capable man I know. You’re the God of Military! Is there anything you can’t do?” Dustin showered Adam with some flattery.
“That’s true.” Adam was beginning to sound a little pompous as he added, ” You might be a prince, but I’m still better than you in some other things.”
“You’re absolutely right.” Dustin nodded quickly and said casually, ” We’ll continue with this topic another time. For now, can you please deal with the dead bodies? I have to go now.”
With that, he patted Adam’s shoulder and turned to leave.
“Did you see that? The honorable prince of the Rhys family just asked me for a favor. Am I not the best?” Adam raised his head slightly and turned to look at his female assistants with a smug and proud expression.
“Yes… Yes, you are.” Both of the female assistants looked at each other and forced a smile.
They couldn’t help but think to themselves, was Mr. Spanner alright? Was he under the influence of some intoxicating substance?
It was obvious that he was doing someone else’s chore, so why was he so proud of it? Was he still the almighty and aloof God of Military that they knew? It was a little hard to decide now.
Dustin remained unaffected by the deaths of Eleanor Welch and Elena Forrest. He immediately returned to the mansion after he bade Adam goodbye, worried that Anders would harm the people close to him.
“Dustin, you’re back.” When Dustin got out of the car in front of the mansion, he saw Maximus walking toward him. He looked like he had something to say to him.
“What happened?” Dustin asked without waiting for Maximus to speak.
“Dustin, there’s a mysterious guest at home. She’s been waiting for a long time to see you,” Maximus replied.
“Mysterious guest? Who’s that?” Dustin was curious.
“No idea.” Maximus shook his head. ” The person is completely covered with a robe. I don’t know what she looks like, but I know for sure it’s a woman.”
“Come on, let’s go in to have a look.” Dustin didn’t say much else. After he greeted Maximus, he walked right into the mansion.
At this moment, a veiled woman dressed in white was sitting quietly on the couch in the living room. She didn’t speak, nor did she move. It was as if she was a statue. The glass of water and the plate of snacks on the table remained untouched.
“Who are you? How can I help you?” Dustin asked frankly, sitting across from the woman in white.
“My name is Grace Linsor. I came from the palace with a letter for you, Mr. Rhys.” A sweet and clear voice rang out slowly from behind the veil. There was a faint but clear trace of flowery fragrance in the air. N
“Grace Linsor?” Dustin cocked an eyebrow and finally understood what was happening.
The woman before him ranked first in the Beauty Ranking. She was the most beautiful woman in Dragonmarsh!
###Chapter 1621 by Marina Vittori
“It’s you, Ms. Linsor. I’ve heard a lot about you.” After a momentary surprise, Dustin quickly recollected himself.
He continued, “Ms. Linsor, as it’s quite late already, may I know the purpose of your visit and who sent you?”
He didn’t know Grace personally, but he had seen her side profile in a painting, Enchanting Elegance. He was curious to find out the reason for her sudden visit.
“You’ll understand after you read the letter, Mr. Rhys.” Grace didn’t explain. Instead, she took out a letter from her sleeve and gave it to Dustin with both hands.
“Thanks.” Dustin nodded slightly and took the letter.
As he opened the letter to read it, the content stunned him and made his heart beat faster. The letter wasn’t signed, and there was no greeting. Only a single sentence was written in the letter.
“Donovan Linsor, the Prince of Carsonne, currently living in the Scenic Monastery in Quandary Mountain, goes by Abbot Lumen.”
Dustin immediately knew who sent the letter when he saw the handwriting. He had no idea that this person was so effective. They actually completed the task within three days without any delay, as promised.
“Please thank them on my behalf. I owe you one for today’s favor. Just let me know if you need help in the future.” With the flick of a finger, the letter became dust and disappeared completely.
“Besides the letter, my aunt asked me to tell you something.” Grace’s angelic voice rang out again. “She said there’s been unrest in the palace recently. You mustn’t continue your investigation. If you do, your life will be in danger.”
“Thanks for the reminder. I know what I’m doing.” Dustin nodded.
It was impossible for him to stop investigating. It had taken him too long to find the clues, and he was very close to uncovering the truth. He would never give up this easily.
“Dustin Rhys, the past is in the past, and we can only live in the present. What happened ten years ago had already happened. Past incidents cannot be altered. This is fate,” Grace said.
“Fate?” Dustin laughed and shook his head. “I never believed in fate. I only believe in myself. Regardless of the outcome, I’d still give it a try.”
“If this ending entails you losing your life and your loved ones, would you still choose to continue?” Grace retorted.
Dustin suddenly fell silent upon hearing his question. He wasn’t afraid of dying, but he didn’t want to risk the lives of those he cherished.
“Dustin Rhys, I’ve read the oracle for you. The Scenic Monastery in Quandary Mountain is an obstacle you can’t overcome. If you insist, it will result in many deaths, and you will pay a heavy price.”
Grace sounded very serious. She had never misread the oracle, not even once. She took the risk of visiting Dustin in hopes of resolving the catastrophe.
“If you don’t want me to go, why did you tell me the truth?” Dustin suddenly asked.
“It has already been decided by fate, and I can’t change the outcome. But, you can! All of this started because of you, and if you choose to let it go now, everything will be at peace. If not, the whole of Oakvale will be awash in blood, “Grace explained.
“Sorry. I can’t give up now.” Dustin shook his head after a few moments of silence.
He continued, “I have too much burden on me. My life was no longer mine a long time ago. I’m so close to unveiling the truth now. It’s impossible for me to give up.”
Grace sighed softly at his words. Evidently, she was still unable to convince him. She knew this would happen, but she wasn’t convinced. She wanted to try and alter the course of fate.
Unfortunately, she couldn’t do it. There were only a handful of people who could change the fate of the world. Dustin Rhys was one of them.
For the chosen one who bore a heavy burden, every choice made would determine the life and death of many others.
###Chapter 1622 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin Rhys, if you insist on going to the monastery, I’ll not stop you. However, please accept this.” As she spoke, Grace took out a golden talisman from her pocket and gave it to Dustin.
The talisman looked very normal and unassuming. However, Dustin could feel a special energy emanating from it. It was very faint yet very fascinating. Yet, when he took a proper look at it, he found nothing.
“This is a talisman that I got for you. Maybe it could help you in times of need.” Grace explained.
“Talisman?” Dustin raised his eyebrows slightly, and his curiosity was piqued. “We don’t know each other, why would you help me?”
“Because you can’t die. Not now, at least,” Grace sounded serious.
Dustin’s life was very important as it was tied to the fate of Dragonmarsh. If he died in Oakvale, the city would be thrown into chaos.
She didn’t want to see this happen. As such, she decided to help Dustin overcome this difficult task. This was the responsibility of the Seers.
“I appreciate your thoughtfulness.” Dustin nodded slightly and received the talisman happily. From their earlier conversation, he could tell that she was probably from the Regal Observatory.
The Regal Observatory was a very mysterious department in Dragonmarsh. The people working in this department were very knowledgeable.
Through divination, they could foretell the future fate of a country. The best part was they could go anywhere they wanted to and eradicate evil!
However, the Regal Observatory would never interfere with common affairs. They wouldn’t reveal themselves unless something posed a danger to the fate of Dragonmarsh.
“Dustin Rhys, I’ve said and done what I needed to. I really hope that you’ll think before you act. Farewell.”
After giving him the talisman, Grace decided not to say anything more and got up to leave. She had done all that she could within her power. The outcome wasn’t within her control. 2
“This way, Ms. Linsor.” Dustin got up to send her to the door, and he watched her leave.
A sudden visit from the Regal Observatory showed the gravity of this matter. It was also a sign of great changes to come. He was getting closer to the truth.
“Your Highness …” Cinna walked out of his room at this moment. Compared to before, he had recovered a lot after a few days of meticulous care. He was able to go around on his own freely.
“Mr. Shaffer, it’s late. Why are you still up?” Dustin walked toward him and helped him to the couch.
“I’ve been sleeping for the past decade. I’ve slept enough. Now, I want to look at this beautiful world that we’re in.” Cinna flashed him a smile.
“You’ve just recovered. You should be resting,” Dustin advised.
“Don’t worry about me. I’m not dying anytime soon,” Cinna replied and suddenly changed the topic. “Your Highness, I heard your conversation with Ms. Linsor. I think she’s right. You shouldn’t take this risk.”
“Mr. Shaffer, I know you care about me. Bus, as I’ve said, I’ll get to the bottom of it regardless of the consequences,” Dustin said grimly.
“I’m worried. This trip is very dangerous. If there’s any accident, I wouldn’t be able to explain myself to your father.” Cinna looked troubled.
“No pain, no gain. I’ve already prepared myself for what’s coming. You need not worry, Mr. Shaffer.” Dustin smiled.
“Sigh … I knew you wouldn’t listen to me.” Cinna sighed as he asked again, ” When do you plan to go?”
“As soon as possible. Tomorrow, I’ll go to Quandary Mountain to finally find out the truth!”
###Chapter 1623 by Marina Vittori
The night passed quickly. The next morning, Dustin was ready to leave after washing up and changing into a set of clean clothes.
“Dustin, this trip will be dangerous. Why don’t I go with you? At least we can take care of each other.” Maximus came running after him from his room. There was a sword hanging behind his back as well.
He might not be very skilled, but he was still capable of keeping watch for Dustin.
“It’s alright. You stay at home. Protecting Mr. Shaffer is your top priority.” Dustin patted Maximus’s shoulder. “Remember, if something goes south, leave with Mr. Shaffer. Don’t take any risks.”
“Got it.” Maximus nodded heavily. “I’ll put my life on the line to make sure that Mr. Shaffer is safe!”
“Don’t say that. I’m just going out for a while. It won’t take too long. You guys just need to be careful. I’m leaving now.
With that, Dustin left the house.
The trip to Quandary Mountain would take around two hours as it was located on the city’s outskirts. Due to its sparse population, the area wasn’t well- known. As for the Scenic Monastery in the mountain, the place was unknown to the public.
If it weren’t for the information given to him by the person in the palace, Dustin wouldn’t know that the once powerful and glorious Prince of Carsonne would settle into the quiet monastery life. Still, some things that couldn’t be avoided.
When Dustin was on his way to the Scenic Monastery, an invisible force started circulating around in the center of Oakvale. All those in power were ready to move at a moment’s notice.
At this moment, in Jadeleaf manor, Anders was playing out a military strategy on a miniature sandfield in his study. However, his focus was on something else.
“Sir Anders!” One of his trusted subordinates walked quickly toward him and informed him respectfully, We just received an urgent confidential letter. Please read it now.”
“Really? Show me then.” Anders took the letter, and his eyes lit up when he read the content.
“Dustin Rhys is on his way to the Scenic Monastery in Quandary Mountain. He must be stopped at all costs. If necessary, kill on sight!”
Anders read the letter in a very low voice, and the smile on his face got wider with each passing moment.
“It looks like someone in the palace is getting impatient. They finally know that Dustin Rhys is a huge problem, and they want him dead before he finds out anything,” he said.
“Sir Anders, what should we do?” the subordinate asked.
“We listen to orders, of course.” Anders smiled knowingly. “As an army general, our priority is to obey orders. We’ll do as we’re told. We have someone to back us up if there’s any accident.”
He had been worrying about how to eradicate Dustin Rhys without leaving any trace a few moments ago. Now, things were in his favor. There was no need to worry.
He had received an order from his superiors, and he only needed to follow their orders.
“Why are you still standing there? Go and gather the Fang Legion quickly! We’re going to Quandary Mountain to kill the national thief!” Anders shouted.
“Yes, sir!” The subordinate left quickly when he got the order. Very soon, a team of elite soldiers was assembled and on their way to the mountain.
Meanwhile, at the headquarters of Celestial Alliance, Fenley was sitting cross-legged in deep meditation. He was in a room especially conducive for meditation.
The meditation room in Celestial Alliance had the Spirit Rally Formation to facilitate the meditation process. However, initiating the Spirit Rally Formation required a lot of rare resources. As such, every moment in this formation was very precious.
Normal members wouldn’t have this treatment. Only real big shots could enjoy this benefit of the meditation room.
Suddenly, there was a knock on the door.
###Chapter 1624 by Marina Vittori
A sudden knock echoed through the door. Fenley slowly opened his eyes and asked, “Who’s there?”
“It’s me.”
An old man in white robes entered and pushed the door open. The elder, with an air of otherworldliness, was none other than Alloy Marshall, the guildmaster of the Celestial Alliance.
“Master Alloy?” Fenley’s expression brightened as he quickly stood up.” What brings you here?”
“Just checking on you.” Alloy smiled faintly and asked, “Fenley, how’s your progress lately?”
“I’m now a grandmaster. Just one step away from being an ultimate grandmaster,” Fenley replied truthfully.
“Not bad. Achieving this at such a young age is quite a feat. I wasn’t as accomplished at your age.” Alloy nodded approvingly.
“Master Alloy, you’re too kind. If it weren’t for your guidance, I wouldn’t be where I am today,” Fenley said, lowering his head.
“No need to be humble. Your success is the result of your efforts.”
Alloy smiled and then asked, “Oh, I heard you had a fierce battle last night and even used the Four Elements of God’s Technique. Is that true?”
“It’s true,” Fenley admitted.
“The opponent was quite formidable. He managed to block the first three forms of the Four Elements of God’s Technique. Unfortunately, I didn’t have the chance to use the fourth form, Fury of Lightning God. Otherwise, I could have won!”
“Very good.” Alloy nodded in satisfaction. “Although you didn’t win last night, today you have a chance to redeem yourself.”
“Huh?” Fenley was momentarily stunned, not quite grasping the situation.
“The person you fought last night was Logan Rhys, also known as Kirin. I believe you’re already aware.” Alloy’s tone carried a deeper meaning.
“This morning, an old acquaintance sent a message. We need the Celestial Alliance to handle a certain matter. I think you are well-suited for it.”
“What does Master Alloy want me to do?” Fenley asked cautiously.
“To kill Logan for the sake of our country!” Alloy’s expression turned serious.
“What? Kill Logan?” Fenley’s eyes widened in disbelief.
“Master Alloy, are you joking?” Fenley asked. “Logan Rhys is the Crown Prince of West Lucozia. Killing him would bring immense trouble to the Celestial Alliance.”
In Dragonmarsh, the dominance of the West Lucozian monarchy was common knowledge. With its formidable 50 thousand Black Dragon Army, it stood as an invincible force.
Adding to the challenge, the Prince of West Lucozia was renowned for fiercely guarding his son. If news of his son’s demise reached him, he would undoubtedly mobilize his forces to obliterate the Celestial Alliance.
Despite the Celestial Alliance boasting the title of the world’s leading sect, it has yet to attain a position where it can openly challenge the formidable power of the West Lucozian monarchy.
“Don’t worry. I wouldn’t ask you to do this if I didn’t have a foolproof plan Just focus on the battle, and I’ll handle the rest,” Alloy said calmly.
“Master Alloy, I don’t understand. Who could be worth the risk you’re taking?” Fenley frowned.
“There are some things I cannot reveal at the moment. When you’re in my position, you’ll understand.” Alloy shook his head.
“But-” Fenley hesitated.
“Fenley, this is your chance to prove yourself. Once you’ve killed Logan Rhys, you’ll be unparalleled in the world,” Alloy encouraged. “Of course, if you’re unwilling, I can handle the task personally.”
“Master Alloy! Your old injuries haven’t healed yet. If you fight, you might worsen them,” Fenley said anxiously.
“There’s no choice. For the Celestial Alliance’s development, there are things that I must do.” Alloy shook his head with a hint of helplessness.
Seeing his master sighing, Fenley gritted his teeth and finally agreed, ” Master Alloy, let me do it. Youngsters should take care of their affairs.”
“Good. I haven’t raised you in vain.” Alloy nodded in satisfaction.
He added, “Logan Rhys is currently heading to Quandary Mountain Scenic Monastery. Go there immediately, and at any cost, prevent him from returning to Oakvale!”
###Chapter 1625 by Marina Vittori
On Breezecrest Peak, near Frosthaven Lake, a young man with a lean physique sat shirtless on the water’s surface. His body moved gently with the flowing ripples, resembling a light boat.
Overhead, a few birds flew around, carrying twigs and straw in their beaks, preparing to build nests.
Under the surface, a group of fish playfully swam around the young man, creating patterns of movement. At that moment, he seemed completely in tune with nature, resonating with the world around him.
Out of nowhere, a dark figure descended from the sky, landing gracefully on the lake’s surface. The resulting ripples scattered the fish below and startled a few birds into flight.
“Hey, time’s up. Master wants you down the mountain immediately, no time to dawdle,” said the dark-clad figure. The young man, still meditating, showed no reaction as if he hadn’t heard.
The dark figure arched an eyebrow and continued, “You’ve got a mission to take down Kirin, Logan Rhys. This is your chance to face him.”
At this, the young man, who had been motionless, slowly opened his eyes. A glint of energy appeared in those usually lackluster eyes.
“Where?” he asked casually.
“Scenic Monastery at Quandary Mountain,” replied the dark figure. Without further words, the young man rose from the water’s surface. He stretched lazily and, with a single step, launched into the air, disappearing as a streak of golden light.
“Turning the body into a sword, soaring through the sky. Did he have a breakthrough again?” mumbled the dark-clad figure in surprise.
In his early twenties, the young man stood as the ultimate grandmaster, unrivaled by any. Even Kirin, with his abundant aura and luck, couldn’t measure up.
The young man was truly unparalleled -second to none!
In Aetherburg’s Serene Village, a middle -aged man, covered in mud, made his way home carrying two wooden buckets filled with fish, shrimp, and crabs. It looked like he had quite the catch.
“Hey, Simple Ken, back so soon? It seems like you had a good haul,” greeted some neighbors warmly.
Simple Ken scratched his head, responding with a silly smile.
Reaching the village entrance, a group of children who had been eagerly waiting immediately surrounded him, chatting away.
“Simple Ken, I found a gemstone. Wanna trade it for two fish?”
A young boy handed him a goose-egg- sized stone with excitement. Without a word, he grabbed two fish and ran off.
“Simple Ken, I want crabs. If you give me a few, we’ll be best friends!”
“Best friends… best friends Grinning widely, Simple Ken swiftly tied several large crabs with a grass rope and handed them to the little girl.
“Simple Ken, I also have a gemstone. I want big fish in exchange!”
“And me! I want it, too!”
In a lively manner, the children used various tricks to quickly deplete Simple Ken’s supply of fish, shrimp, and crabs.
###Chapter 1626 by Marina Vittori
Simple Ken returned from a night of fishing with nothing but a pile of rocks and wood.
“Simple Ken, you’re too gullible! All your hard-earned catch got swindled by those little rascals the whole night,” a passing old man said, chuckling and shaking his head.
“Oh, by the way, there was a big wind last night. The roof tiles on my house got blown off. Get some in town and fix it for me, will you?”
With his trademark silly grin, Simple Ken remained silent.
“Ah, what a fool. Go back quickly. Your missus is waiting for you to have breakfast,” the old man waved him off.
Serene Village wasn’t large, totaling just over a hundred residents, and Simple Ken was a unique character.
Nobody knew where he came from. In everyone’s impression, Simple Ken was just a fool who never uttered a complete sentence. Whether he cheated or was bullied, he always wore a foolish smile.
Walking from the village entrance to the end, he entered a plain cottage with a fenced yard. Though it was small and somewhat shabby, it was neat. Inside the fenced yard, some chickens and ducks roamed, and an old brown dog lay at the door, dozing.
As he approached, the dog stirred, wagging its tail in welcome.
“Simple Ken, you’re back?” A middle- aged woman came out, frowning at the sight of him. “It’s rock and wood again. Where are the fish and shrimp? Have you been tricked again?”
Simple Ken didn’t say a word. He just grinned and scratched his head. Seeing this, the woman felt annoyed and helpless. She patted the mud on his shoulder and said, “Quick, take off your clothes. I’ll wash them for you. Look at how dirty you are. It’s like you fell into a mud pit.”
As he undressed, the woman continued, “By the way, breakfast is ready. Eat while it’s hot. Remember to wash your hands before eating.
“Also, I’m going to town to sell vegetables later. Don’t run around at home. When I come back, I’ll bring your favorite pastry.”
Simple Ken was grinning even more foolishly upon hearing it.
“What are you standing there for? Go eat.” The woman rolled her eyes and carried a basin of dirty clothes out, heading toward the stream.
He watched his wife leave. When she was out of sight, he went back inside to have his breakfast. The meal was sumptuous, including a bowl of oatmeal, meat pies, two eggs, and a pot of homemade pickled cucumbers.
Simple Ken relished his meal with a hearty appetite, delighting in every bite. At that moment, the dog at the door suddenly started barking.
He looked up and saw a white messenger pigeon fluttering its wings, landing on the table. It remained motionless. As he took the paper from the pigeon’s leg, his eyes showed a complex expression when he read the contents.
After a long silence, he sighed lightly and mumbled, “It’s been ten years, and the inevitable has finally come.”
Quietly standing up, Simple Ken burned the paper. He released the pigeon, tossed a meat pie to the dog, and went to the yard, retrieving a long wooden box. Upon opening the box, a rusty iron sword lay inside.
“Old friend, it’s been a while. Please accompany me on this final journey,” Simple Ken said, gently stroking the blade. He then flicked his finger.
The iron sword began to vibrate wildly, shedding rust bit by bit until it revealed a menacing edge.
There was a subtle resonance between them. This sword was unmistakably the number one sword in the world, Dragon Sparrow!
###Chapter 1627 by Marina Vittori
Simple Ken meticulously wiped down the Dragon Sparrow sword before sheathing it. After coming back inside, he cleaned up the plates and cutlery, meticulously tidying the entire house. He then proceeded to chop wood, fetch water, and attend to the chickens and ducks.
Once all chores were completed, Simple Ken changed into a fresh set of clothes. He stood at the doorway for a moment and eventually stepped out with the sword strapped to his back.
The moment he emerged, a little girl with braided hair hurriedly approached. Aged around five or six, she bore a slightly grimy face with delicate features that hinted at potential beauty.
Her cheeks showed signs of recent bruising, and a trace of blood near her nostrils suggested she had just been in a scuffle.
“Simple Ken!” The little girl, balancing a cluster of fish and a few crabs, reached him and proudly declared, ” Look, Simple Ken, I got your stuff back. Aren’t I amazing?”
“Another fight?” Simple Ken crouched before her.
“They were bullying you, trying to trick you out of your things. I made them give it all back, and when they refused, I gave them a good beating!”
The little girl, with an air of defiance, asserted, “Don’t think I’m weak just because I’m skinny. I’m really strong. I made them cry!”
“These things aren’t worth it,” he said, shaking his head.
“I don’t care! I won’t let them bully you! “The little girl, with determination in her eyes, stated, “You’re my friend, and if anyone dares to bully you, I’ll fight them for you!”
“Friend?” Simple Ken smiled, his eyes carrying a touch of indulgence. “Hazel, I’m lucky to have a friend like you. Before I leave, I want to give you a gift.”
Simple Ken took out a book from his pocket and handed it to Hazel Black. ” This is my life’s work. I’m passing it on to you, hoping it will be of help to you.”
“A book?” She scratched her head. “But I can’t read.”
“It’s okay. Read it when you learn to read.” He smiled.
“Okay.” Hazel nodded. Then, as if she realized something, she exclaimed, ” Simple Ken, you’re acting strange today. You usually don’t talk much.”
“What’s so strange?” Simple Ken asked with a smile.
“You seem … not silly anymore,” Hazel said, tilting her head.
“I was never silly.” He smiled and patted her head. “Let me tell you a secret. I’m not called Simple Ken. I have a name. Look, this is how you write them.” He wrote his name in cursive on the ground.
“How do I read this?”
Hazel looked left and right, completely puzzled.
“This is ‘Seth,’ and this is ‘Hughes.’ Together, they’re Seth Hughes,” he explained with a smile.
“Seth Hughes? That’s too weird. I think Simple Ken sounds better,” Hazel said with a pout.
“Okay, if you like calling me Simple Ken, then call me Simple Ken.” Seth laughed.
“Simple Ken, are you going out?” Hazel asked again.
“Yes, to a very distant place.” Не nodded.
“Very far? Are you going to the city? I’ve never been there. Can you take me with you?” she asked eagerly.
“Not this time. Maybe next time,” he refused.
“Oh…” Hazel felt a bit disappointed.
“Hazel, you have great potential and are destined for greatness in the future. Then, you can go wherever you want, and no one can stop you,” Seth consoled.
“Really?” Hazel wiped away her tears and smiled. Even though she didn’t understand, his words sounded amazing. “Of course, it’s true.”
###Chapter 1628 by Marina Vittori
Seth wiped the grime off Hazel’s cheeks. He grinned and said, ” Remember, Hazel, eat your meals on time and take care. I’m off.”
Hazel nodded as she watched him leave. Little did she know, many years later, that the book he gave her would become a priceless treasure coveted by many.
By the Serene Village stream, women chatted and laughed as they washed clothes by the stream. Their discussions covered family matters and local gossip. A shout drew their attention, “Look, a handsome guy!”
A few women turned around, their expressions shifting with slight surprise. “Isn’t that Simple Ken?”
“Simple Ken?”
The woman in yellow observed more closely and finally recognized him, exclaiming, “Oh, it really is Simple Ken. But why does he seem different today?”
“His clothes are clean, his hair is in order, and that goofy smile is gone. I have to admit, he looks kind of handsome.”
“Blossom, your Simple Ken is here!” yelled the woman in yellow.
“Huh?” Blossom Dale looked up, perplexed. In his usual good-natured manner, Seth strolled over with a smile. His once goofy appearance had transformed, with well-defined features and deep eyes that changed his whole presence. It was almost challenging for some to recognize him.
“Simple Ken?” Blossom cautiously called out.
“Blossom, I’m going on a lengthy journey. It might be quite some time before I return. I’ll be relying on you for things back home,” he said with a nod.
His coherent words left everyone taken aback. From what they knew, Seth had never strung together a complete sentence. Typically, he stuck to repeating a few simple words in a somewhat comical manner.
However, in that moment, he spoke with clarity and a resonant voice, presenting an unexpected change in character.
“You… you can talk?” Blossom stared in disbelief.
“Thank you for taking care of me all these years, Blossom. Being your husband is my greatest joy and fortune, “Seth expressed. His words flowed clearly and meaningfully.
He continued, “You’ve shown me warmth, taught me the meaning of life, and transformed my dull existence. I used to be arrogant and deluded, thinking I was extraordinary. Meeting you opened my eyes to what truly matters-three meals a day, happiness, and peace.” 1
He approached and handed her a crystal necklace. “I didn’t give you anything when we got married, so here’s a gift to keep you safe.”
“Where are you going, Simple Ken?” Blossom asked anxiously.
“I’m going to help someone and make amends for the past,” Seth replied, smiling.
“Will you come back for dinner?” she asked, trying to smile.
“I’ll try my best,” he promised her.
“I’ll cook grilled ribs tonight. Make sure to come back,” she said.
“Alright.” He nodded and, with a heavy heart, left. Blossom watched his gradually receding figure. She remained in a daze for a few moments and then, recalling something, took a few steps forward.
In a shaky voice, she shouted, “I still don’t know your name!”
“I’m Seth Hughes,” he answered without looking back, his voice echoing with a subtle resonance. “The Sword Whisperer of West Lucozia, Seth Hughes!”
###Chapter 1629 by Marina Vittori
At Zenith Society in the Serenity Hall, a well-dressed, refined man took out a parchment scroll from his treasure chest. The parchment’s cover boasted three bold words: Astonishing World List.
Zenith Society’s Astonishing World List housed the most elite warriors globally. There were no age restrictions, no gender biases, and no discrimination based on age. It was solely based on merit. However, it was a given that those who made it onto the list were celebrated and legendary figures!
Breaking the seal, the refined man carefully unfolded the parchment. The contents were concise, listing only ten names.
From top to bottom:
Top on the list: Arion Foyer of Sacred Wyrm Summit Second on the list: Alaric Drakon of Dragon Guard
Third on the list: Seth Hughes, the Sword Whisperer of West Lucozia Fourth on the list: Cyrus Hadley, Guildmaster of Sword UnionFifth on the list: Alloy Marshall, Guildmaster of Celestial AllianceSixth on the list: Penelope Solace, Leader of the Mystic Arts Order
Seventh on the list: Frost Bane, Guildmaster of Frostbane Citadel Eighth on the list: Cesar Fent, Head of the Martial Arts Union Ninth on the list: Elder Shade, Bounty League Leader Tenth on the list: Nestor Wilkins, Palace Attendant
Scanning the list, the refined man picked up a pen. He marked a check next to the name of Nestor Wilkins at number 10 and then moved the pen upward, checking next to Elder Shade’s name at number nine.
“Report!”
A disciple from Serenity Hall rushed in, handing over a slip with urgent news. ” Guildmaster, I just got word that Frost Bane, Guildmaster of Frostbane Citadel, has left the city.”
“Oh?”
The refined man raised an eyebrow, somewhat surprised. Frost Bane had guarded the city for ten years without stepping outside, and now, unexpectedly, he had broken his own rule.
“Where did Frost Bane go?” he asked.
“He’s heading directly toward Oakvale, likely going to Quandary Mountain,” the disciple reported.
“Scenic Monastery at Quandary Mountain?” The refined man quickly caught on and smirked.
“Interesting,” he said, “First Nestor, then Elder Shade, and now even Frost Bane is in motion. It seems that Logan Rhys is in for a challenging day.”
Serenity Hall, renowned for selling information, was well-connected and informed. In times of major events, Serenity Hall always knew first.
For instance, last night, the entire Oakvale was already in turmoil. But this morning, there was even more commotion from various directions.
“Report!”
While he was contemplating, another disciple from Serenity Hall hurried in and presented a message slip.
“Guildmaster, from the direction of West Lucozia, there’s a sword aura rapidly approaching.”
“Sword aura? Who is it?” the refined man immediately asked.
“Judging by the sword’s intent, it should be Seth Hughes, the Sword Whisperer of West Lucozia!” the disciple reported.
“Even Seth Hughes is making an appearance.”
The refined man narrowed his eyes and said, “With Seth in action, the one from Dragon Guard won’t stand idly by, and Martial Arts Union will also show some movement. The entire world is about to experience a seismic shift.”
The Astonishing World List, with five out of its top ten elite legendary warriors in action, was an unprecedented occurrence. The established world order was inevitably on the brink of disruption.
Whether this turn of events was a blessing or a curse remained uncertain.
At that moment, the refined man seemed to grasp the gravity of the situation and promptly instructed, ” You two, quickly notify our Chief Guildmaster. It appears that the Astonishing World List is on the verge of a major reshuffling.”
In Aylka at the Regal Observatory, a slender, white-haired Elder Sage gazed at the disarrayed divination charts on the table. His brows furrowed deeply.
“How could this happen?”
He found it hard to believe. He attempted divination several times, but all the results were the same. For a moment, Elder Sage’s expression became even more grim.
“Master, what’s wrong?”
Behind him, a veiled woman spoke up.
###Chapter 1630 by Marina Vittori
Grace had never seen Elder Sage so distressed.
“Grace, something big is about to go down. I just divined the outcome of the Scenic Monastery incident, and the signs are ominous. It might mess with the fate of the nation,” Elder Sage said with a heavy tone.
“Affect the fate of the nation? Does that mean Logan is going to die?” She raised an eyebrow. Last night, she had specifically reminded and even provided a talisman, hoping that nothing would happen to Logan. Because if he were to fall, it would undoubtedly lead to a cascade of battles, turning the land into a river of blood.
“It has nothing to do with Logan. When I speak of the nation’s fate, I’m talking about a vital force,” Elder Sage furrowed his brow.
He continued, “In this Scenic Monastery incident, someone might disrupt the vital force. If that happens, the nation will be in chaos. A great calamity will be imminent, and the entire Dragonmarsh will undergo a drastic change!”
“Is it that serious?” Grace’s eyebrows tightened.
As a member of the royal family and a disciple of the Regal Observatory, she naturally understood the importance of vital force. Once disrupted, it would lead to political unrest, power transitions, and, in severe cases, even a change of monarchy.
“Master, is there any way to rectify this?” She inquired.
“The die is cast, and there’s no changing it. From now on, we can only go with the flow of fate,” he shook his head with a sigh. Elder Sage had attempted to glimpse into the future, seeking a solution.
Yet, the instant that idea entered his mind, it was as though an unexplainable force had struck him, leaving him with a pounding headache.
It manifested as a premonition-a clear warning. If he were to proceed, he would undoubtedly face severe consequences, as if the universe itself resisted the change.
“The matter is grave. I must return and inform my father. I hope you can understand, Master.” Grace nodded with respect.
“Futile efforts-even the royal family can’t change anything.” Elder Sage shook his head again.
“Regardless, we have to try.” Her gaze remained resolute.
“Very well, you may go.”
Elder Sage no longer stopped Grace, sighing softly. “You carry a unique destiny. Although you can’t defy fate, you might be able to mitigate some losses.”
“Thank you, Master,” Grace said and decisively turned to leave. In Wyvern Ridge, within a grand palace, a majestic statue sat atop a sacred platform, enveloped in the sweet scent of smoldering candles.
Kneeling before the statue were more than a dozen people immersed in quiet contemplation as if they had long entered a state of deep meditation.
These were members of the Dragon Guard, the most mysterious and powerful force in the Dragonmarsh. Though their numbers were small, each was a grandmaster martial artist capable of withstanding armies.
The Dragon Guard remained hidden in the shadows, revealing itself only to the very few who were aware of its existence. Even many scions of the royal family were kept in the dark, let alone common dignitaries.
They were not subject to imperial jurisdiction. The Dragon Guard held a position above the throne.
While not involved in national affairs, every decision made by the organization was mandatory for the king. To put it simply, the Dragon Guard was the true ruler of the entire Dragonmarsh.
A red spear at the forefront of the palace began to shake. The crimson glow around the spear intensified, accompanied by a deep, resonant sound, as if it were about to pierce through the sky.
“Hmm?”
In an instant, the Dragon Guard members, who had been deep in meditation, opened their eyes. Confused whispers filled the air.
“What’s happening? Why is the founder’s spear moving?”
“The Inferno Fury Spear, which held the title of the world’s top spear, has long been divine. What could threaten its existence?”
“Could a formidable enemy have infiltrated Aylka?”
They exchanged uncertain glances, trying to make sense of the situation. As the crimson spear continued its persistent vibrations, cracks began to appear on the surface of the stone statue serving as the altar’s centerpiece.
These hairline fractures rapidly spread across its entire form. After a brief moment, the statue burst open with a loud explosion sound.
Subsequently, a white-haired, red- eyed man slowly rose from the altar. The man’s tall figure, cold demeanor, and fiery red eyes exuded a palpable intimidation.
“Congratulations, founder, for emerging from seclusion!”
The members of the Dragon Guard immediately paid their respects, their faces filled with awe.
The white-haired founder is none other than the Chief Guildmaster of the Dragon Guard and the second-ranked powerhouse on the Astonishing World List, Alaric Drakon.
###Chapter 1631 by Marina Vittori
“What’s going on?” Alaric brushed off the debris from his clothes as he descended from the altar. His crimson eyes betrayed no emotion, giving off a presence reminiscent of a god indifferent to his surroundings.
To regular people, Alaric’s existence was no different from that of celestial beings. With a mere snap of his fingers, he could turn someone into dust.
“Founder, Inferno Fury Spear just acted strangely, as if it reacted to something,” a member of the Dragon Guard reported.
“Strange signs?” Alaric turned to glance at the red spear behind him and extended his hand. The red spear emitted a soft hum, rising directly into his hands. Closing his eyes, he concentrated and soon obtained results.
“So, the Dragon Sparrow Sword has made an appearance. No wonder you’re so excited,” he muttered to himself. Upon hearing his words, members of the Dragon Guard expressed surprise, and some even showed signs of anger.
“The Dragon Sparrow Sword? Could it be the number one sword in the world?”
“As far as I know, the Dragon Sparrow Sword is currently wielded by the Sword Whisperer Seth Hughes. Has he arrived in Oakvale?”
“Hmph! The audacity. Without the Dragon Guard’s decree, he dared to trespass into Oakvale. He has blatantly defied the authority of the Dragon Guard!”
Upon hearing about the appearance of the Dragon Sparrow Sword, reactions varied from astonishment to resentment.
The Dragon Guard held imperial power and controlled the major affairs of the realm. Anyone or any force, regardless of who they were, had to bow in submission before the Dragon Guard.
Seth entered Oakvale territory without any prior notice, showing a complete disregard for the authority of the Dragon Guard. This act was a clear challenge to their organization’s power.
“Guard the vital force. I’ll go out and take a look.”
With that, Alaric’s figure flashed, turning into a streak of red light that disappeared into the sky. After his departure, the Dragon Guard members didn’t stand idle. They promptly activated the mountain protection array as a precaution.
Wyvern Ridge, housing Dragonmarsh’s vital force, served as the cornerstone for the Dragon Guard. This vital force not only influenced the nation’s destiny but was also an exceptionally rare resource.
Practicing it expedited the members’ cultivation, propelling them forward at an accelerated pace as compared to training outside the world. Moreover, the spiritual energy from the vital force had healing properties, addressing internal injuries and extending life.
Continued absorption promised a longer and more robust life. The founder was a prime example. Thanks to the vital force’s blessing, their founder became the second strongest in the world.
Upon arriving at Swallowvale Suburb in Quandary Mountain after a two-hour drive, Dustin reached his destination.
Quandary Mountain was secluded, showing minimal signs of human activity. The mountain road was singular, evidently untouched for quite some time, and adorned with overgrown weeds.
At the mountain’s foothills, he took a deep breath. Looking upward, he could faintly make out the contours of a monastery crowning the summit. Ascending the narrow path step by step, Dustin experienced the tranquil ambiance of Quandary Mountain.
He was occasionally accompanied by the gentle rustle of the wind and the subtle sounds of insects and birds. In stark contrast to the lively atmosphere of Oakvale, this place felt like entering a different world.
###Chapter 1632 by Marina Vittori
Dustin made his way unhindered to the summit of Quandary Mountain, finally stopping at the entrance of the monastery. Hanging above the entrance was a sign with two large words-Scenic Monastery.
The monastery was neither large nor small, and it appeared quite ordinary, showing signs of age and wear. Who would have thought that the once influential Prince of Carsonne would hide in such a small monastery?
Dustin lightly knocked on the monastery door but was met with no response. After a few seconds, he knocked again, with more force.
“Coming, coming,” a childish voice echoed from inside. The door opened, revealing a seven or eight-year-old novice monk who peered out and curiously asked, “May I help you, sir?”
“I got lost in the mountains and happened to see a monastery here. I thought it was convenient to ask for some water. Is that possible?” Dustin spun a tale.
“Of course, please come in,” the novice said without suspicion, opening the door and inviting Dustin inside. Rare to see an outsider, the novice was excited, bombarding Dustin with questions like, “Where are you from? How did you end up here?”
The novice added, “There are many wolves and leopards in Quandary Mountain. Luckily, you got lost during the day. If it were nighttime, it would be dangerous.
“Are you hungry, sir? There’s some vegetarian food in the kitchen. If you don’t mind, you can have some to fill your stomach.
“Oh, by the way, if you don’t know the way, I can guide you down the mountain later.”
“Thanks a lot.” Dustin smiled faintly. He found the novice monk quite interesting.
“Don’t mention it!” the novice grinned. “Master said monks should be compassionate. If someone is in trouble and we can help, we should. Saving a life is worth more than a gold mine.”
“May I ask how many people are in your Scenic Monastery?” Dustin asked, changing the topic.
“How many people?” The novice counted on his fingers and said, “We have abbot, our master, and two of master’s colleagues, plus me. So, that makes five of us.”
“Among your five, is there a monk named Lumen?” Dustin asked again.
“Lumen?” The novice was puzzled. ” Sir, do you know our abbot?”
“I don’t know him, but I’ve heard of him,” Dustin said casually. “Abbot Lumen has a great reputation, and I’ve always admired him.”
“I didn’t expect Abbot Lumen to have a great reputation. No wonder master and master’s colleagues respect him so much,” the novice exclaimed.
“Can you take me to meet Abbot Lumen? I have some doubts and would like to seek his advice,” Dustin said.
“No problem, follow me,” the novice readily agreed, leading Dustin straight to the monastery hall.
However, just as they reached the entrance of the hall, two muscular monks appeared out of thin air, blocking Dustin’s way. In their piercing gaze, wariness and suspicion were evident.
“Sir, please stop. This hall is a sacred ground, and outsiders are not allowed inside!” the monk on the left said in a low voice.
“I’ve come to see Abbot Lumen. I hope you can make an exception,” Dustin said calmly.
“Abbot Lumen is in seclusion and does not meet outsiders. Sir, please leave!” The round-faced monk on the left gestured with his hand.
Unmoved, Dustin calmly said, “If Abbot Lumen is in seclusion, then I’ll seek an audience with Prince of Carsonne- Donovan Lindsor.”
Upon hearing this, the expressions of the two monks swiftly changed.
###Chapter 1633 by Marina Vittori
“Who are you? Why are you here?”
In the solemn hall of Scenic Monastery, tension filled the air as the two monks swiftly positioned themselves to block Dustin’s path. Their eyes, sharp and vigilant, betrayed an unusual wariness.
These monks, having secluded themselves for years, rarely encountered outsiders. The sudden appearance of a stranger, especially one seeking the prince, heightened their concern.
“I’m Logan Rhys, here to pay my respects to the Prince of Carsonne. I hope you can let me through,” Dustin calmly stated.
“Logan Rhys?” The monks exchanged astonished glances, unprepared for the reappearance of the man who had been missing for a decade.
“Mr. Rhys, this is a monastery. There’s no Prince of Carsonne here. You’ve come to the wrong place. Kindly leave,” the round-faced monk said with a serious tone.
“Gentlemen, I’ve traveled a long way with genuine intentions. I’d appreciate it if you could announce my arrival inside. Thank you,” Dustin said respectfully.
“Don’t force our hand. Our monastery is small and can’t accommodate such an important figure. Please leave,” the round-faced monk sternly replied.
“What goes around comes around. Abbot Lumen planted seeds ten years ago, and now it’s time to reap what was sown. Endlessly avoiding the world is just denial,” Dustin declared.
“I don’t understand what you’re saying, “the round-faced monk retorted. “As I said before, our abbot is in seclusion and won’t see outsiders. Please leave!”
“I’ve spoken kindly enough. If you insist on stopping me, then I have no other choice but force my way in.” Dustin’s expression turned cold.
Regardless, he was determined to see Donovan Lindsor today.
“This is a sacred place. You can’t behave recklessly here!” the round- faced monk warned.
“If you don’t leave, be prepared to face our resistance!” The other monk grew impatient.
“You can try.” Dustin proceeded to the monastery hall impassively and disregarded their warnings.
“How impudent!”
The two monks, angered, prepared to attack, but a stern voice suddenly echoed within the hall.
“Stop!”
At the command, the two monks immediately ceased their actions.
“Both of you, don’t be disrespectful.” After scolding them, a monk in yellow robes walked out of the hall.
The monk approached Dustin and said, “Lord, have mercy. Mr. Rhys, your presence at Scenic Monastery is our honor. The abbot is aware of your visit. Please, come inside.”
With that, he stepped aside, allowing Dustin to enter.
“But!” The round-faced monk’s expression tightened. Then, he said, ” This Mr. Rhys has an unknown background. We must stay vigilant.”
“This is the abbot’s decision. You have no right to question it. Step back!” The monk in yellow robes commanded.
“Yes!” Reluctantly, the round-faced monk stepped back, but his watchful eyes remained fixed on Dustin.
“Mr. Rhys, please.”
With a slight nod, the monk in yellow robes led Dustin into the monastery hall.
###Chapter 1634 by Marina Vittori
In the modest monastery hall of Scenic Monastery, simplicity prevailed with no extravagant adornments. A statue of a saint, towering at ten to fifteen feet tall, was placed right in the center.
Despite its unassuming appearance, the hall was lit by the warm glow of candles. The area surrounding the saint statue was impeccably clean.
In front of the saint, a slender middle- aged monk sat with closed eyes. He was adorned in the distinctive attire of his order. Holding a strand of rosary beads, he quietly recited passages from the scripture in silent devotion.
The yellow-robed monk approached, whispering, “Abbot Lumen, Mr. Rhys has arrived.”
Donovan ceased his activities, stood up slowly, and greeted Dustin. “Greetings, Mr. Rhys. It’s been a while.”
“Indeed, ten years have passed.” Dustin nodded. “Should I call you Abbot Lumen or Prince of Carsonne, Your Highness?”
“I’ve left my former titles behind. Just Lumen is fine,” Donovan replied, lowering his head slightly.
“Alright,” Dustin said with a faint smile. “Lumen, I’ve come today with some questions that I hope you can help me unravel.”
“Are these questions related to events from ten years ago?” Donovan asked.
“That’s right,” Dustin confirmed. “A decade ago, you hadn’t embraced monkhood yet and wielded considerable influence in Aylka. You possessed information that could shed light on certain matters. I was hoping you could reveal the truth to me.”
“Mr. Rhys, why cling to the past?”
Donovan’s expression held a mix of emotions.
“The past happened, but seeking the truth isn’t wrong, is it?” Dustin replied.
“Some truths are better left unknown. Pursuing them might bring harm upon you,” Donovan cautioned.
“I am prepared for whatever consequences may arise,” Dustin asserted with unwavering determination.
“Mr. Rhys, let go of the past. Ten years ago was a different time.” Donovan sighed.
“Apologies, but I can’t let go of this matter,” Dustin said, shaking his head. “And it seems even you haven’t completely let go, hiding in this monastery, immersed in prayers and meditation.”
Donovan was once the Prince of Carsonne. But why would he suddenly become a monk? Ultimately, it was because of guilt.
Donovan sighed, his expression turning somber. “You are right. It’s my fault. If I hadn’t been so timid and had fulfilled my duties back then, things might not have turned out this way.”
Donovan and Rufus Rhys, Prince of Theswe, have been inseparable friends since their school days, sharing the battlefield and achieving feats together. They shared a deep bond, a camaraderie that surpassed the ordinary.
When Rufus was sent to the border, he sensed something unusual and entrusted him with the care of his wife and children.
Eventually, the Princess Consort was assassinated, the West Lucozian army suffered significant losses, and Logan vanished without a trace.
However, being the Prince of Carsonne, Donovan could do nothing to help. This had become a deep-seated regret and a lifelong guilt. Even now, he hadn’t forgiven himself.
“It is either a blessing in disguise or a curse we cannot escape. As you said, some matters need resolution,” Donovan said.
Finally, he made up his mind. “Mr. Rhys, ask whatever you want to know, and I will answer them truthfully.”
###Chapter 1635 by Marina Vittori
“Alright!” Dustin cut to the chase, his gaze unwavering. “Lumen, let’s get straight to it. Who was the puppet master pulling the strings behind the plot to wipe us out all those years ago?”
“As expected.” Donovan nodded, already anticipating the question. Instead of a direct response, he posed a question of his own, “Mr. Rhys, have you ever come across the Dragon Guard?”
“The Dragon Guard?” Dustin narrowed his eyes. “Rufus mentioned it briefly, but the details escape me.”
“In that case, allow me to shed some light,” Donovan said, his demeanor serious.
“The Dragon Guard, established in the early days of our nation, is a formidable institution that surpasses imperial authority. Its members are elite warriors, each a force to be reckoned with.”
He added, “Take their Chief Guildmaster, Alaric Drakon, for instance. His strength is immeasurable. In the entire realm, only the reclusive sage of Sacred Wyrm Summit could rival him.
“Most importantly, the current king owes his position to Alaric. In essence, the King is a puppet manipulated by Alaric. Imperial power and the throne itself are all controlled by his whims.
“That’s Alaric, and that’s the Dragon Guard.”
As Donovan spoke, a mix of bitterness and resignation flashed in his eyes. As a member of the royal lineage and the King’s younger brother, he understood the deep fear instilled by the Dragon Guard.
Even an ordinary member of the Dragon Guard could exercise unchecked influence over imperial matters, let alone Alaric.
Unfortunately, those who voiced dissent found themselves with no room for resistance and faced dire consequences.
Despite the organization’s apparent role as a protector, it had transformed into an unrestrained entity, committing numerous heinous acts.
The situation became even more intricate as there was no supervision, and nobody dared to step in and intervene.
“Abbot Lumen, are you suggesting that the events of that year were linked to the Dragon Guard?” Dustin quickly connected the dots.
“Precisely.” Donovan nodded. “At that time, Alaric, wielding imperial power, set a deadly trap with the intent of burying you and your mother outside Aylka. Many formidable members of the Dragon Guard were enlisted for this purpose.”
He went on, “I heard of your peril and wanted to lead reinforcements, but the forces of the Dragon Guard blocked my path. I was too weak and too afraid to defy their orders, so I could only watch from my residence.
“Logan, I’m sorry. It’s all my fault. If I had summoned the courage to lead the troops, your mother might have survived. I failed you, and I am a sinner.
Donovan’s frame quivered, tears pooling in his eyes. These words had lingered within him for a long time. He had thought that adopting a monastic life and engaging in annual repentance would serve as redemption.
However, it turned out that he was just in deep denial.
“Abbot Lumen, there’s no need to blame yourself. We all have to weather the storm in life,” Dustin comforted him, showing empathy.
He continued, “Even if you had commanded troops that day, it wouldn’t have made much difference. You could have ended up sacrificing yourself. I would’ve made the same decision if I was in your shoes.”
###Chapter 1636 by Marina Vittori
Dustin had never expected anyone to risk their lives for him. Donovan’s decision to stay silent to save himself wasn’t inherently wrong.
“Your father saved me countless times and put so much trust in me, but I did nothing. It’s genuinely embarrassing,” Donovan lamented.
If Dustin had scolded or hit him, it might have been easier for Donovan to bear. However, Dustin showed no intention of blaming him, intensifying his guilt.
“Abbot Lumen, I have a question. We had no issues with the Dragon Guard, so why were they trying to eliminate us? “Dustin asked again.
“The reason is simple. You pose a threat to the established order,” Donovan said helplessly.
“Ten years ago, your family’s West Lucozian monarchy dominated the scene, overshadowing imperial authority. For the organization, your existence threatened their status, something they couldn’t tolerate.”
“Such a slight threat and the organization chose to annihilate us?” Dustin furrowed his brow, a steely glint in his eyes.
“Logan, you’re underestimating the impact of your family.” Donovan sighed softly. He went on, “If it were only your father’s renown, the organization might endure or seek a diplomatic resolution. However, your entire family is exceptionally remarkable.
“Your father, Rufus, was a natural military genius, undefeated in countless battles. He was acknowledged as a king among kings, leading a formidable army of fifty thousand.
“Your mother, Alba Quinton, had exceptional prowess and was already an ultimate grandmaster in martial arts in her thirties. She was number five in the Astonishing World List, earning acclaim as unparalleled worldwide.”
Donovan continued, “And you are equally extraordinary. With a guardian beast since birth and a profound destiny, you achieved grandmaster status at just fifteen.
“Every member of your family surpasses the others in excellence. If allowed to grow unchecked, not even the organization could withstand the brilliance of your family.”
He concluded, “To secure their position and power, they orchestrated a brutal event targeting you and your mother, aiming to eliminate any potential future threats. This is the truth you sought.”
After hearing this, Dustin clenched his fists, his face darkening. He always thought his mother’s death was related to imperial authority, but he never expected an even stronger force behind it.
And this force, driven by fear of threatening its status and power, didn’t hesitate to commit a bloodbath that engulfed Oakvale.
“Dragon Guard!” Dustin gritted his teeth. There was a fierce glint in his eyes, and he seemed downright murderous. An organization that abused its power had no place to exist!
“Logan, the influence of the organization is overwhelming, and their leader is like a god. Many powers in the world are under their control.
“Even if you know the truth now, don’t act recklessly. Otherwise, the tragedy of the past will repeat itself,” Donovan warned sternly.
“Thank you, Abbot Lumen, for the reminder. I know what to do,” Dustin nodded. Taking a deep breath, he quickly suppressed the anger within him.
He had endured for ten years, so a couple more days wouldn’t matter. It was better to plan carefully, discern the weaknesses of the organization, and then strike.
“Oh, Logan, there’s another matter I must caution you about.”
At this moment, Donovan seemed to remember something and said, “The attack back then didn’t solely come from an external threat. According to my investigation, there was a traitor in your midst.”
###Chapter 1637 by Marina Vittori
“Traitor?” Dustin raised an eyebrow at the unexpected revelation. Although a similar notion had crossed his path before, the urgency in Donovan’s voice gave the matter newfound significance.
“Abbot Lumen…” Dustin pressed, ” Who’s this supposed traitor?”
“The culprit is none other than General Reston Rever, a key figure under your father’s command,” Donovan disclosed.
“Uncle Reston? That can’t be right! Didn’t he sacrifice himself?” Dustin’s face displayed disbelief. Reston Rever, a loyal general in his father’s service, stood as a brother-in- arms, sharing the trials of life and death.
A decade ago, Reston, who led the guard during their arrival in the capital, successfully foiled numerous assassination attempts. His bravery became even more evident during the Aylka Rebellion when he courageously guided Dustin and Alba out of the city, eventually sacrificing himself in a heroic act.
How could someone so gallant and virtuous turn out to be a traitor?
“When I first got wind of this, I was equally taken aback. However, after a thorough investigation, all signs pointed to Reston Rever. I can’t say why he did it-perhaps he was coerced or manipulated,” Donovan explained with a serious expression.
He went on, “But the truth remains that he’s involved. Regarding his alleged sacrifice, it was a staged event. I had the body examined later, and it turned out to be a decoy.”
“Reston Rever? He’s a traitor?”
Dustin’s fists clenched, anger welling up within him. He could handle being manipulated, even enduring ambushes. But the betrayal from someone within his trusted circle was unforgivable. Reston, a mentor-like figure, had imparted martial wisdom and shared invaluable experiences in leading troops.
Never could Dustin have imagined that someone as honorable and loyal as Reston would be the traitor.
“Abbot Lumen, do you have any information about Reston’s current location?” Dustin asked.
“I’m not aware.” Donovan shook his head and continued, “He might’ve adopted a new identity to stay hidden. But his disappearance after the incident suggests he’s still out there.”
“I get it. I’ll be on the lookout for him,” Dustin replied, his expression darkening with anger. “Abbot Lumen, is there anything else I should know?”
“I’ve shared all the pertinent information. My advice is to proceed cautiously. The Dragon Guard is formidable, and even your father couldn’t match their strength. It’s advisable to tread carefully,” Donovan cautioned earnestly.
The Dragon Guard, standing strong for a century, wielded immense power. Besides the formidable warriors within, their affiliated forces were enough to dominate effortlessly.
“Thank you, Abbot Lumen, for the heads-up. I know what needs to be done.” Dustin nodded respectfully. “I apologize for the intrusion. I’ll take my leave now.”
“Mr. Rhys, godspeed,” Donovan replied with a nod.
“Abbot, something terrible is happening!”
As Dustin prepared to depart, the round -faced monk rushed in with an urgent expression.
Donovan calmly inquired, “What’s the matter?”
“Abbot, a large force is approaching from the mountain and has surrounded the Scenic Monastery!” The round- faced monk stared at Dustin begrudgingly and continued, “The soldiers are fierce and seem to be drawn by Mr. Rhys!”
“Well, that escalated quickly,” Dustin remarked, not surprised at the turn of events. He had anticipated this when he entered the monastery.
The influence of the Dragon Guard was powerful, and information circulated effortlessly within its powerful network. With his identity now laid bare, there were certainly those keeping a vigilant eye on him. They had intended to capitalize on this situation to eradicate potential threats.
“Clarick, Fedrick, guard the mountain gate. Stall them as much as possible,” Donovan instructed.
“Abbot, there are too many of them, and some are formidable fighters. We might not be able to hold them off,” the round-faced monk protested. He wondered, “Risking so much for someone you don’t even know-is it truly worth it?”
Donovan determinedly replied, “We can only delay them for now.”
“Abbot…”
###Chapter 1638 by Marina Vittori
The round-faced monk was interrupted by Donovan’s raised hand.
“No need for more words. Just go,” Donovan said.
“Yes.” The round-faced monk shot Dustin a glare and left in a hurry. “Edvan, take Mr. Rhys to the back of the mountain. Make sure to protect his safety,” Donovan added.
“Abbot, what about you?” The monk in the yellow robe furrowed his brow in concern. Before becoming a monk, he served as the commander of the Prince of Carsonne’s guards. He had never left the prince’s side. Now, he was reluctant to leave the abbot and escort a stranger down the mountain.
“With Fedrick and Clarick here, I won’t be in danger. You two, go quickly. Don’t delay,” Donovan instructed.
“Yes,” Edvan said nothing more, immediately leading Dustin out the door. Before leaving, Dustin glanced back at Donovan, who had once again entered a state of meditation, continuing his recitation.
“Mr. Rhys, this way, please,” Edvan led Dustin into the monastery’s backyard, opened a hidden door, and went in first.
The secret passage was pitch dark, making visibility nearly impossible. Edvan, however, knew his way around and lit two torches in the corner, illuminating a small area.
Upon closer inspection, Dustin noticed it was a narrow tunnel descending into the depths. The tunnel was long, with no visible end, and only wide enough for one person to pass through.
“Mr. Rhys, this tunnel leads directly to the foot of the mountain. It’s very discreet, unknown to outsiders. I’ll safely guide you out, but please don’t come back again,” Edvan said while leading the way.
“Thank you, Master. Today, I came to seek answers and have now unraveled the mysteries. I won’t disturb the peace of your lives again,” Dustin replied candidly.
“That’s good to hear.” Edvan’s tone softened. The two proceeded along the secret passage, heading downward. After nearly half an hour, they finally reached a stone door.
“Mr. Rhys, the exit is outside. Please,” Edvan said, pressing a switch. With a rumbling sound, the heavy stone door slowly opened. Warm sunlight filled the cold, dim tunnel.
Accustomed to the darkness, Dustin squinted until he adapted to the light. When he could finally see, he stepped out of the door.
Outside, overgrown weeds and a lack of footprints indicated the area’s desolation. No buildings were in sight, and the direction was unclear. But the only certainty was that they had reached the foot of the mountain.
“Hahaha… Logan Rhys, you finally came out. We’ve been waiting for you for a long time.”
Suddenly, a burst of laughter echoed, and a group of masked assassins emerged from the bushes on both sides, quickly surrounding Dustin. The speed at which they closed in suggested a well-prepared ambush.
“Hmm?” Dustin furrowed his brows slightly and instinctively looked back at Edvan. Wasn’t it supposed to be secretive and unknown to others? Why were they ambushed?
“Mr. Rhys, I can’t let you jeopardize the prince. If you don’t die, the prince will be in big trouble. So, I’m sorry,” Edvan said coldly.
As he spoke, he pressed the switch again. The heavy stone door immediately descended, completely blocking Dustin’s retreat.
###Chapter 1639 by Marina Vittori
A resounding crash echoed as the stone door descended, deepening Dustin’s furrowed brows. It wasn’t fear that gripped him but the sheer displeasure at Edvan’s actions.
Entrusted by the Prince of Carsonne to ensure Dustin’s safe descent, Edvan had instead led Dustin into a well- prepared ambush. It was a betrayal far more infuriating than mere bystander apathy.
“Logan, no need to look around. This place is no man’s land-no savior will come for you. Today marks the end for you!” A masked man with a wolf’s head confidently stepped forward, his voice projecting loudly.
“Anders,” Dustin replied coldly, ” Hiding behind a mask, are you too ashamed to show your face?”
At these words, the man behind the wolf-head mask hesitated for a moment, then erupted into a boisterous laugh. Rather than denying it, he casually removed the mask, unveiling his true identity. It was Anders.
“Surprisingly, you have a keen eye, spotting my disguise,” Anders expressed his surprise. He hadn’t anticipated Dustin being able to recognize him immediately, especially considering he had concealed his presence and changed his voice.
“Looks can be concealed, voices can be changed. But that disgusting stench you carry remains unforgettable,” Dustin calmly retorted.
“Hmph! Playing word games at death’s door!” Anders’ face darkened. “Logan, you are surrounded, and there’s no escape for you now. Considering our past camaraderie, I’ll offer you a chance for a dignified end. It’s time for you to meet your demise.”
“Surrounded?” Dustin glanced around. “Do you really think this ragtag bunch can stop me?”
Back when he wreaked havoc at Jadeleaf Manor, Dustin had spared Anders out of respect for Sir Mosey. With this new threat, any remnants of goodwill were gone.
“Logan, I know you’re strong. Facing you alone would be challenging, so I came prepared.” Anders whistled loudly.
Suddenly, warriors swarmed in from all directions in the blink of an eye. While dressed in various attires, their imposing presence mirrored a pack of determined predators on the prowl, radiating an undeniable aura of expertise. It was clear that every one of them had been a genuine virtuoso in the art of combat.
“Logan, let me introduce you to our forces here. These folks are experts from the Skyshadow Sect, skilled in stealth and assassination. Their attacks are unpredictable and difficult to defend against.”
Anders added, “Regarding these fighters, they were affiliated with Nexus Gate. Their Nexus Dominator Fist proved unstoppable, wielding overwhelming power. The select few in this group were even more formidable. They were members of the Stormfire Order, experts in techniques that harnessed the might of the heavens.”
Anders introduced the reinforcements that had arrived.
“Skyshadow Sect, Nexus Gate, and Stormfire Order are renowned forces in the martial world. Quite an elaborate setup just to kill me,” Dustin remarked as his gaze swept through the crowd.
###Chapter 1640 by Marina Vittori
Grandmaster martial artists skillfully hid within the assembly, discreetly blending in with Anders and his formidable Fang Legion. The ambush was nothing short of imposing.
“Logan, think this is the end? Bit too optimistic.” Anders sneered and shook his head. “Truth is, we’ve prepared for the worst. What you see here is just the tip of the iceberg. More skilled warriors are on their way. Even if you have supernatural powers, today is your judgment day!”
The assembled group appeared to be sufficient for Dustin. However, a lingering unease persisted-the potential for enemy reinforcements. Maintaining vigilance was, as it had always been, a wise decision.
“Anders, is Moseys Mansion also a puppet for the Dragon Guard?” Dustin questioned.
“It’s an honor to serve the Dragon Guard. Unfortunately, it’s your misfortune,” Anders replied candidly.” You had the option to play dead and live a quiet life. But by delving into the truth of the past, your existence is now a threat and must be eliminated.”
Even the Dragon Guard held authority over the King, who was merely a puppet. Naturally, Anders aimed to impress. If he performed well and proved his loyalty, he might join the Dragon Guard, becoming a force more formidable than the Prince of West Lucozia.
“Looks like there’s no easy way out today,” Dustin remarked, beckoning with his hand. “Come on, whoever isn’t afraid of death, step forward. Let me see what you’re made of!”
“Hmph! It looks like you won’t accept defeat until you’re at the end of your rope,” Anders scoffed, about to issue the attack command.
Suddenly, a burly middle-aged man from the Nexus Gate spoke, “Mr. Mosey, why use a sledgehammer to kill a chicken? I alone am enough to deal with this kid. No need for a whole production.”
“Oh?” Anders raised an eyebrow, looking to the side. “Master Brock, Logan isn’t an ordinary person. He’s a renowned Kirin. Are you sure you can handle him?”
“Kirin? Just a wet-behind-the-ears kid. I, Brock, don’t even bother with such trifles!” The man, exuding confidence, raised his head proudly.
“Master Brock, Logan is already a grandmaster. Are you sure you can take him on alone?” Anders asked again.
“What’s a grandmaster? Nowadays, who isn’t a grandmaster?” the man dismissed it casually.
“Besides, there are different levels of grandmasters. I’ve been practicing martial arts for over 20 years, undefeated throughout. Dealing with this kid will be a walk in the park!”
“That’s right! My master’s is unparalleled. Dispatching this weakling with his Nexus Dominator Fist is as easy as pie!” the disciples of Nexus Gate taunted, completely dismissing the Kirin.
“Alright! Since Master Brock is so confident, go ahead and give it a try. Good luck, and may you be victorious!” Anders agreed without hesitation. He mainly wanted to use the leader of Nexus Gate to gauge Dustin’s strength. If he won, it would be ideal. If not, at least it would force Dustin to reveal some of his cards.
“Much obliged, Mr. Mosey!” The man gave a courteous nod, then advanced a few steps, fixing his gaze on Dustin.
He exclaimed with confidence, “Kid! I’m the leader of Nexus Gate, known far and wide for my martial skills. Brace yourself for the sheer force behind my meticulously trained fists-years of relentless dedication packed into each strike!”
###Chapter 1641 by Marina Vittori
“Up for the challenge to reach the end? Go ahead, take a spin,” Dustin remarked, his face impassive and his gaze indifferent.
“Hmph! Foolish thing that doesn’t know its place, I’ll teach you the might of the Nexus Dominator Fist today!” Brock snorted, poised to strike, when another voice interrupted.
“Hold on!”
Within the Stormfire Order, Silver Sage, in elegant attire, exuding an otherworldly presence, took a couple of steps forward and announced, “Master Brock, your strength is commendable, but you’re not Logan’s match. This situation is more complex than it appears. Allow me to handle it for you.”
The mission to defeat Logan was a confidential order from the Dragon Guard, and the one who achieved the first victory would receive significant rewards. Such opportunities were not to be missed.
“Master Elias, your words sound like you’re underestimating me,” Brock furrowed his brow, displeased. “The Nexus Gate has its reputation, and if I can’t handle this kid, I might as well shut our doors!”
“True! Even though the Stormfire Order is formidable, we, the Nexus Gate, aren’t pushovers!” the disciples of Nexus Gate shouted in agreement.
“Master Brock, I’m looking out for your well-being,” Silver Sage calmly stated. “If you lose to Logan today, not only will your reputation crumble, but your life will be in peril.”
“Thanks for your concern, Master Elias. If I lose, it’s because of my lack of skill, and I’ll accept the consequences,” Brock said coldly.
“Easy there, you two, no need to get all worked up.” A lively, alluring woman strolled out from the Skyshadow Sect, flashing a friendly smile. “We’re all on the same team here. Let’s not let a little squabble ruin the mood. How about I take the lead and test Logan’s mettle?”
Seeing a chance for some well- deserved credit, being the leader of the Skyshadow Sect, she wasn’t willing to let it slip away.
“Seems like everyone’s hungry for a piece of the action.” Silver Sage surveyed the scene with a casual air. ” But, with such a small feast and so many hungry guests, someone might leave with an empty stomach.”
“Given the ladies first’ rule, I reckon the honor of starting this showdown should be mine,” Brock insisted, showing no sign of backing down.
“Enough with the bickering. The three of you can come at me together,” Dustin interjected, his patience wearing thin.
Before any real confrontation, they were already squabbling over credit. Did they see Dustin as a defenseless target waiting to be carved up?
“Arrogant!”
“Outrageous!”
“Impudent!”
Dustin’s words elicited furious responses from representatives of different sects. Each of their leaders was a formidable presence in their regard. When had they ever been treated with such disrespect? It was nothing short of a clear humiliation!
“Insolent brat, if you’re so eager to die, I’ll grant your wish!” Brock no longer wasted any words. He lunged forward, propelled with incredible speed, heading straight for Dustin.
“Thinking of hogging all the glory? You must be dreaming!” Silver Sage refused to be outdone. With a single step, he transformed into a blur, electric sparks crackling between his palms-a terrifying sight to behold.
“And you two cunning foxes, don’t think you can leave me behind,” the woman from the Skyshadow Sect sneered, waving her hand-a barrage of concealed weapons shot forth from her sleeves, aiming directly at Dustin’s vital points.
The Skyshadow Sect excelled in the art of stealthy attacks with concealed weapons; close combat wasn’t exactly her forte. Plus, with the advantage of delayed projectile release, she might seize the chance to claim the credit if she could manage a swift and deadly strike.
The trio each had their ulterior motives, unleashing distinct forms of attack. Charging ahead was the fiery man, his fists ablaze with intense heat. His punches left a trail of scorched earth, showcasing his formidable power.
Trailing behind was Silver Sage, patiently waiting for his moment. Lightning crackled between the palms of his hands, creating a daunting display.
Meanwhile, the woman continued her relentless assault with concealed weapons, gearing up for a well-timed long-range strike.
“Nexus Dominator Fist!”
After closing the distance, Brock suddenly roared. Vast energy converged in his arms, causing them to swell abruptly, becoming even more formidable.
“Die!”
With a simple buildup, Brock unleashed a punch toward Dustin’s chest and abdomen.
A resounding boom echoed, and the surface around Brock’s body suddenly displayed the illusion of an elephant.
The massive creature, towering like a small mountain, exuded daunting pressure. As Brock’s iron fist struck, the illusory elephant raised its front hooves, slamming them heavily on Dustin.
“What a terrifying fist technique! Is this the legendary Nexus Dominator Fist? It’s impressive!”
“Master Brock has roamed the martial world for many years without defeat. Logan is no match for him.”
“Our master is mighty! Our master is awesome!”
Witnessing the powerful fist technique, disciples from various sects expressed amazement-especially the Nexus Gate disciples, their spirits soaring, shouted cheers.
Anticipation filled the air as they eagerly awaited the spectacle of their master, expecting Dustin to be obliterated. Dustin sneered, “You’re overestimating your abilities.”
As the incoming fist approached, he stood unyielding, meeting it head-on with a seemingly ordinary punch that revealed no visible surge of energy. However, unbeknownst to the crowds, this apparent normalcy concealed the true power within.
The clash ensued, shaking the ground, shattering stones, and obliterating plants and trees within a thirty-yard radius-a death zone. Powerful shockwaves surged, forcing everyone to shield their eyes. The woman’s concealed weapons were deflected, and even Silver Sage, preparing to seize credit, halted in his tracks.
Disciples from various sects were left awestruck by the force of that punch. Was this the full power of a grandmaster martial artist? It was truly terrifying. After a few moments, the residual shockwaves subsided, restoring calm to the surroundings.
However, as everyone directed their gaze forward, they were met with a jaw -dropping sight. Dustin stood several dozen yards ahead, the ground beneath his feet marked by a small crater. Unperturbed and untouched, he exuded an air of serenity.
Contrastingly, the leader of the Nexus Gate, who had mysteriously vanished moments ago, was now nowhere to be found. Not a trace of him remained, leaving the crowds to discern only a pit filled with blood, flesh, and torn clothing.
The esteemed leader of the Nexus Gate, Brock, had been utterly obliterated, leaving behind nothingness.
###Chapter 1642 by Marina Vittori
“Where’s Master Brock? What just happened? He was here a moment ago.”
“Weird, he vanished in the blink of an eye.”
“Could he have tunneled underground? Does Master Brock have some mystical tricks up his sleeve?”
The crowd looked around, engrossed in their discussions, completely oblivious to the gravity of the situation.
They found it perplexing-Brock, who had been commanding respect just moments ago, had suddenly disappeared.
“Where’s our leader? Where did he go?”
“Master! Master!” Disciples and elders of Nexus Gate shouted, trying to find their master, but their calls went unanswered. Only a few individuals from various sects understood the grim reality.
“No need to shout. Your master is already dead,” Silver Sage said with a heavy tone. While others were in the dark, being a grandmaster martial artist, he saw it clearly. After the clash of fists, Master Brock’s body exploded like an inflated balloon, leaving no trace behind.
“Dead? How is that possible?”
“Master Elias, don’t talk nonsense! Our master is invincible, undefeated in the world. How could he die?”
The disciples of Nexus Gate vehemently disbelieved. In their eyes, Brock was an invulnerable figure who could effortlessly triumph over anyone.
“Master Elias is right. Master Brock… He’s truly gone,” the woman spoke solemnly. “Whether you believe it or not, those bits of flesh on the ground are Master Brock’s remains.”
Her words caused an uproar. Nexus Gate disciples were struck dumb, refusing to accept the truth. Yet, with the confirmation from the leader of Stormfire Order and the Skyshadow Sect, they reluctantly acknowledged the reality.
Gazing at the fragments on the ground, Nexus Gate disciples lamented. Their sorrow turned into rage.
The Nexus Gate’s leader, Brock, was famous for the unparalleled mastery of the Nexus Dominator Fist. He could unleash a single punch capable of shattering the heavens and rending the earth. It was a force no one could withstand.
While a victory for Dustin using weaponry might have seemed reasonable, the fact that he obliterated the supposedly invincible Brock with his bare fists was nothing short of astonishing. The displayed strength was truly terrifying.
At that moment, the realization dawned on them-the once-renowned Kirin possessed an unparalleled might.
It now made sense why Anders had gathered experts from diverse sects. It wasn’t an overreaction but a justified response to a foe of such formidable prowess.
“What a disappointment!” Anders scoffed, feeling displeased. He thought Nexus Gate’s leader was formidable, yet he couldn’t even counter a single move from Dustin.
“Master Elias, fellow heroes, this villain is dangerous. You better give it your all and not hold back,” Anders warned.
Now, he could only rely on the experts from the Stormfire Order and the Skyshadow Sect to force Dustin to reveal his full strength. His Fang Legion couldn’t be sacrificed as cannon fodder.
“Master Elias, in the face of a formidable enemy, it seems we have no choice but to join forces,” the woman said with seriousness.
“Indeed, only by working together can we hope to defeat this foe.”
Silver Sage spoke gravely, “We’ll have the Stormfire Order’s main force attack, Nexus Gate disciples harass from the sidelines, and the Skyshadow Sect seize opportunities for covert strikes. Any ions?”
“All will follow Master Elias’s command,” the woman said.
“As long as it avenges our master, Nexus Gate is willing to face any danger!” Nexus Gate disciples voiced their unanimous support.
“Good! It’s settled, then! Everyone, heed my command-attack!”
Silver Sage waved, leading the aces from the Stormfire Order to charge toward Dustin.
“Attack!” Furious Nexus Gate disciples rushed forward, unwilling to fall behind. Under the woman’s guidance, disciples from the Skyshadow Sect strategically deployed hidden weapons, preparing for covert strikes from various directions.
###Chapter 1643 by Marina Vittori
In a relentless assault, a storm of poisonous needles and darts rained down on Dustin. It resembled a furious storm.
“Formation!” Silver Sage bellowed. In an instant, several aces of the Stormfire Order scattered, forming a tight encirclement around Dustin. Each of them clutched a golden talisman that materialized seemingly out of thin air.
“Golden Alchemy Sword! Attack!” Silver Sage commanded, tossing his golden talisman into the fray.
Simultaneously, the other aces mimicked the motion. Five golden talismans transformed into colossal swords, homing in on Dustin from various angles.
Without any prior warning, the talismans, appearing almost weightless, burst forth into a dazzling light. They underwent a transformation, morphing into five massive golden swords that exuded a chilling brilliance, sharp enough to slice through iron as if it were clay effortlessly.
Radiating a terrifying killing intent, even a grandmaster martial artist would hesitate before confronting them.
The Stormfire Order’s Fivefold Sevenbane Formation unleashed an unpredictable array of immeasurable power. The five martial artists were united. They exponentially increased their strength, revealing their trump card to ensure a swift and decisive strike against Dustin.
“Exerting such effort on petty skills,” Dustin scoffed as the five imposing golden swords approached. Without a change in expression, he stomped his foot.
A surge of white true energy erupted from within him, forming a protective energy sphere around him. The shield resembled an egg, enveloping Dustin within its confines. The five golden swords struck the protective shield.
There was the sound of clashing metals as the five golden swords crumbled upon colliding with his protective shield. They transformed into fleeting glimmers that dissipated into the air. The resilient barrier emerged unscathed, without a hint of damage.
“Hmm?” Silver Sage’s eyes widened in astonishment. The Golden Alchemy Sword was renowned for its sharpness, comparable to that of divine weapons. However, they failed to break through the protective armor energy surrounding Dustin -a truly perplexing outcome.
“Change the formation!”
Silver Sage swiftly directed the Stormfire Order’s aces to alter their formation without hesitation. The martial artists moved with incredible speed, making it challenging to track their positions.
“Emberstrike Saber!” Silver Sage made a swift motion with his wrist, and a red talisman suddenly appeared, hurtling toward Dustin. Simultaneously, the other aces threw their talismans. As the five red talismans were released, they immediately erupted in a burst of red light.
Five flaming swords materialized out of thin air. In contrast to the Golden Alchemy Sword’s razor-sharp edge, the Emberstrike Saber wielded explosive power with flames capable of melting steel and leaving nothing behind.
The heat was so intense that disciples from the Nexus Gate, standing nearby, felt as if they were being scorched. Hastily, they retreated, their faces flushed and beads of sweat forming profusely.
“Strike!” Silver Sage bellowed, commanding his disciples to control the flaming swords. With fiery determination, they swung the swords down and aimed to behead Dustin with overwhelming force.
###Chapter 1644 by Marina Vittori
Dustin stood his ground as he gazed at the five flaming giant swords descending from the sky. Instead of dodging, he calmly raised his palm and struck upward lightly.
“Boom!”
A powerful surge of energy was unleashed from the center of his palm, engulfing the giant flaming swords. With five explosive sounds, they burst apart simultaneously, resembling fireworks as they scattered into the sky.
“What? How can this be?” The Silver Sage was taken aback. The other elite martial artists of the Stormfire Order were equally shocked and exchanged stunned glances.
The explosive power and destructive force of the Emberstrike Saber far surpassed that of the Golden Alchemy Sword, and they had unleashed it with full force, not holding back whatsoever.
They had expected Dustin to suffer severe injuries even if he managed to withstand the onslaught. Instead, Dustin emerged unscathed and effortlessly dismantled the Emberstrike Saber with just one move.
It was truly unbelievable!
“Keep the formation going!” The Silver Sage was greatly astonished but didn’t dare stop. The Fivefold Sevenbane Formation was unpredictable, with seven different attack modes. They would try a different attack if the explosive Emberstrike Saber didn’t work.
He refused to believe that Dustin had no weakness.
“Terraquake Grasp!” The Silver Sage flicked his wrist, producing another yellow talisman, which he then forcefully smacked into the ground. The other elite fighters from the Stormfire Order followed suit, replicating the same move.
“Boom!”
A deafening explosion rang out as five yellow talismans hit the ground. The ground under Dustin’s feet quaked, and cracks raced across the ground. With another resounding crash, around ten square feet of land collapsed, forming a vast pit.
Caught off guard, Dustin fell into the pit.
“Stonepeak Shatter!” The Silver Sage immediately formed hand seals, activating another formation. At the same time, the recently formed pit sealed itself shut, burying Dustin alive in the blink of an eye.
But that wasn’t the end of it. The Silver Sage directed his disciples to use yet another formation to stack piles of massive boulders directly above the spot where Dustin had been buried alive.
The boulders had piled up into a towering mountain in just a few seconds. At this point, all signs of movement from Dustin had ceased.
“Hmph! Let’s see how you survive this! “With everything done, the Silver Sage finally let out a lengthy exhale.
Despite Dustin’s incredible strength and impenetrable defense, he still felt short before the Fivefold Sevenbane Formation.
This formation harnessed the forces of nature to suppress and defeat even the most formidable opponents.
No matter how strong a person might be, they would remain powerless against the might of nature. That was precisely what made the Fivefold Sevenbane Formation stand out.
Someone pressed his ear to the ground, listening closely. After making sure there were no unusual sounds, they announced triumphantly, “There are no signs of movement below. Logan has been crushed to death!”
In an instant, the whole area was filled with joy.
“Wonderful! He’s finally dead! We’ve avenged our Master!” The disciples of Nexus Gate were relieved and cheered loudly.
“As expected of the skilled fighters of the Stormfire Order. They have mastered various techniques and displayed a wide range of abilities. They are indeed formidable!”
“Even though Logan is strong, he’s still powerless before them.”
The disciples of the Skyshadow Sect were amazed and filled with admiration. The Stormfire Order held a prestigious position as one of the martial world’s top ten sects, renowned globally for its martial prowess.
Its influence ranked fourth, following closely behind the Celestial Alliance, Sword Union, and Mystic Arts Order, which stood as the three giants in the martial realm.
###Chapter 1645 by Marina Vittori
They were initially defiant, but upon witnessing the unpredictable and mysterious moves of the Stormfire Order’s experts, they finally came to realize the stark disparity between their respective sects.
It was undeniable that they lived up to their name.
“Master Elias, Stormfire Order’s Fivefold Sevenbane Formation is truly remarkable. It seems like there was no need for us to intervene. Stormfire Order was more than capable of handling Logan.”
The beautiful lady smiled as she approached the Silver Sage, giving him a respectful nod.
She had initially considered seeking the limelight. After witnessing Nexus Gate’s leader’s swift defeat, she quickly abandoned that thought.
“Logan is undeniably formidable. If we hadn’t invoked the Fivefold Sevenbane Formation, we might not have been able to deal with him.” The Silver Sage stood with his hands behind his back. He added with a hint of pride, ” Nevertheless, he should feel honored to have met his end through it!”
The fact that Dustin couldn’t be injured with both the Golden Alchemy Sword and the Emberstrike Saber was proof of his formidable strength.
Thankfully, the unpredictability of the Fivefold Sevenbane Formation allowed them to bury him with the power of nature.
“Master Elias, your martial skills are truly unparalleled. You have personally eliminated the traitor for the good of the nation and will undoubtedly be rewarded handsomely upon your return.
“We only hope that you won’t forget us allies when the time comes,” the beautiful lady remarked with a smile.
“Don’t worry, Madam Monroe. Your contributions will not be forgotten when we receive our rewards,” the Silver Sage assured confidently.
“Thank you, Master Elias,” Madam Monroe expressed her gratitude once again with a respectful bow. While they were celebrating their victory, something unexpected happened.
The towering mound of rocks before them began to tremble, causing the very ground beneath them to resonate with thunderous rumbles.
The next thing they knew, the mountainous pile of rocks exploded with a deafening boom. A white figure soared into the sky like an unsheathed sword from the shattered debris, radiating a formidable presence.
The figure landed softly on the ground after leaping dozens of feet into the air. It was none other than the resurfaced Dustin!
“What? He’s not dead?” The crowd stared at Dustin with widened eyes. They were gobsmacked to see Dustin emerge unscathed.
Who could have expected him to still emerge from the ground after being buried under earth and pressed under boulders?
“How … How is that possible?” The Silver Sage widened his eyes. He found it hard to believe that even the all- mighty power of nature wasn’t able to restrain him. Just what exactly was he made of?
“If this is all you’ve got, then this ends here,” Dustin said calmly, his expression unwavering.
“Master Elias! Do something, quick!” Madam Monroe grew worried and warned.
“Guys, reform the formation!” The Silver Sage shouted without hesitating, directing his disciples to activate the Fivefold Sevenbane Formation once more.
“Thunderstrike! Cyclone Slash! Torrent Wave!”
“Destroy him!” The veins on the Silver Sage’s face were bulging as he vigorously waved his hands, sending three different colored talismans hurtling toward Dustin with incredible speed. Meanwhile, several disciples of the Stormfire Order also launched their coordinated attacks.
The purple talisman turned into streaks of lightning, the white talisman turned into dense wind blades, and the blue talisman turned into ice spikes that covered the sky.
All kinds of attacks swept up overwhelmingly. This time, the Silver Sage and his disciples had unleashed their full potential to drive the Fivefold Sevenbane Formation to its limit.
The Skyshadow Sect disciples didn’t just sit by either. They hurtled numerous hidden weapons to disrupt Dustin’s focus.
“It’s time to end this farce.” Dustin inhaled deeply as he took in the relentless onslaught before unleashing a powerful strike of his palm. A massive white palm shadow materialized out of thin air, resembling a towering mountain, and pressed forcefully ahead.
As it traversed its path, the white palm shadow swept away everything in its wake, like a gust of wind sweeping fallen leaves.
It continued on its destructive path with unmatched momentum, heading straight for the crowd.
###Chapter 1646 by Marina Vittori
A series of deafening explosions rang out. Under the overwhelming force of Dustin’s massive palm strike, the intimidating lightning was devoured, the dense wind blades shattered, and the sharp ice spikes instantaneously melted away.
Every attack launched by the Stormfire Order was utterly crushed. Even the concealed weapons launched by the Skyshadow Sect rebounded, falling like rain and producing a melodious tinkling sound.
“Wh-What?”
The Silver Sage was dumbfounded to witness the Fivefold Sevenbane Formation rendered ineffective. His legs went weak, and he collapsed to the ground, his face filled with terror.
The other elite fighters of the Stormfire Order were also trembling, their faces drained of color.
Their intense assault had drained all of their strength, leaving them like lambs awaiting slaughter, utterly devoid of any means to resist. All they could do was await their fate.
“Hurry! Run!” Madam Monroe screamed before bolting. If they were to come into contact with Dustin’s palm strike, even if it were just a slight graze, it would lead to fatal consequences.
That wasn’t the kind of power a regular grandmaster could unleash. It seemed like Dustin had already reached the level of an ultimate grandmaster!
More deafening explosions reverberated through the air. The white palm shadow advanced relentlessly, claiming the lives of several experts from the Stormfire Order who couldn’t dodge on time.
Some Nexus Gate disciples, who were too close and hadn’t reacted in time were also obliterated into remnants. Even the Skyshadow Sect disciples who had launched concealed weapons from far behind were affected to varying degrees.
Dustin’s massive palm shadow was like a meat grinder, obliterating all enemies in its straight-line path.
For a moment, blood and flesh splattered while limbs were torn apart, leaving the ground with a long and gruesome trail of crimson blood.
After the palm strike, calm returned. Among the Stormfire Order disciples, only the Silver Sage managed to survive, but he was left in a state of paralyzing shock, trembling uncontrollably.
Due to their proximity to the strike, over half of the Nexus Gate disciples had either been killed or suffered severe injuries.
Even the Skyshadow Sect disciples who had been the furthest away, were implicated, resulting in the death or injury of several members.
The entire scene fell into an abrupt silence. Everyone stared wide-eyed at the unbelievable scene before them, too frightened to utter a word.
Nobody expected Dustin to be that strong. He had kept his skills to himself, and the moment he took action, he had eliminated nearly half of the people present with just one strike.
Just a moment ago, they had all been flashy and showy in their attacks, only to be defeated by a simple palm strike.
This immense gap in power was insurmountable.
It was at that moment that everyone felt a deep sense of fear. They finally understood just how terrifying the Kirin was. In the martial arts world, many self- proclaimed skilled fighters didn’t deserve their grandiose reputations. But Logan, the Kirin, was quite the opposite.
Most people assumed that Logan’s disappearance for a decade would have made him fade into obscurity.
However, contrary to these expectations, he avoided mediocrity and grew even more outstanding, powerful, and unfathomable.
“It’s over. Are we going to die here?”
“If we had known Logan was this difficult to deal with, we wouldn’t have come to vie for credit.”
“It’s too late for regrets now. Let’s focus on figuring out how to escape from this situation.”
After a brief silence, the crowd quickly grew restless once more. Many of those present had lost their courage to fight and only wished to escape as soon as possible.
“Anders, you’ve been watching this show for quite a while now. Don’t you think it’s time you get personally involved?”
Dustin ignored the terrified crowd, directing his gaze at Anders instead, who had been observing the battle from a distance.
Anders had been patiently waiting, conserving his strength. He had intended to wear Dustin down through the sheer number of people to fight.
It was indeed a cunning plan. Anders was clapping as he approached Dustin with a smile. “As expected of the Kirin, you truly live up to your name.
“I had initially planned to use these people to force you to reveal your true strength, but it seems like these folks are all useless trash. Seems like I can only step in personally now.”
“Anders, you’re quite the remarkable talent. I have no intention of killing you. If you retreat now, I can pretend that all these never happened,” Dustin said coldly.
“Hahaha “Anders laughed, firing back, “Oh, Logan, do you honestly think you’re unbeatable? I might have had my reservations a decade ago, but now, you’re a mere speck in my path!”
Logan’s past excellence wasn’t solely a result of his exceptional talent. The vast resources of the West Lucozian monarchy played a crucial role. 1
Everything within his grasp -the array of elixirs and rare treasures, including top-notch cultivation techniques and secret arts-were all of the highest quality in this world. In such a nurturing environment, not only a person but even a pig could soar to great heights.
This was precisely why Logan could establish widespread acclaim a decade ago, surpassing numerous prodigies. However, the present was an entirely different story.
Logan had disappeared for a decade, losing access to the West Lucozian resources and inevitably slowing down his progress. In contrast, Anders, fueled by the resources from the Mosey family, advanced rapidly.
After further honing his skills on the battlefield, he became unstoppable and was hailed as the strongest God of War.
While Logan remained stagnant for a decade, Anders had been on a continuous upward trajectory. The gap between them had widened significantly.
In his eyes, the so-called “Kirin” was nothing more than a flash in the pan.
“Anders, I’m giving you a chance. If you persist in your ways, today, here at the foot of Quandary Mountain, will be your grave!” Dustin said with an expressionless face.
“Logan, you managed to defeat me through sheer luck ten years ago, but today, I am determined to wipe away that shame!”
Anders puffed out his chest and declared loudly, “I will prove to the world that I am more outstanding, powerful, and gifted than you, Logan!”
“Since you’re so eager to meet your demise, then come at me.” Dustin didn’t say more, only beckoning with his hand.
Out of respect for Seamus, Dustin had considered letting Anders live. However, that was no longer possible at this point. Once the battle began, it would be a fight to the death.
“Logan, over these years, I’ve kept training, leaving no room for complacency, just to defeat you. Now, the time has come to test the results of my efforts.
“I will use your life as a stepping stone to becoming a legend. Once I’ve killed you, I will be the top talent in the world!
“So, go to hell, Logan!” Anders laughed maniacally and made the first move, officially commencing the life-and- death battle between the two talented geniuses.
###Chapter 1647 by Marina Vittori
Anders’ weapon was a sword named the Frostflame Demonbane. It was one of the three legendary blades in the world.
It enhanced the damage inflicted by each strike and possessed two types of elemental attacks, alternating between an icy frost or raging flames.
Each type of attack carried immense destructive power, with its power amplified with the wielder’s strength.
As Anders charged forward, the Frostflame Demonbane in his hand was unsheathed. A scorching red flame instantly covered the entire blade, resembling a fiery dragon that roared incessantly.
The flames scorched everything in its path, leaving a trail of withered and charred greenery on the ground.
“Flaming Surge First Form!”
Anders flicked his wrist and raised his flaming sword high above before slashing it down heavily toward Dustin’s head from a distance.
“Boom!” A thunderous explosion reverberated.
The flaming sword suddenly surged, forming a massive blade energy out of thin air. The blade energy extended over 32 feet in length and nine feet in width. It was surrounded by swirling flames, displaying astonishing might.
At first glance, it resembled an enormous cleaver slicing open the sky as it descended ruthlessly upon Dustin.
“That blade energy is so terrifying! Is this Sir Anders’ true strength? It’s incredibly powerful!”
“He certainly lives up to his reputation as one of Oakvale’s four princes. The power of this strike is probably close to that of an ultimate grandmaster, don’t you think?”
“It seems like only a prodigy like Sir Anders’ is able to compete with Logan.”
Witnessing the enormous blade energy in the sky, the crowd couldn’t help but reveal expressions of shock.
Anders’ attacks were in a completely different league from those of the Stormfire Order’s elite fighters. That was the difference between an ordinary elite fighter and a top prodigy.
“Blade!” Dustin suddenly reached into the air, and a fallen azure steel sword soared through the air, landing back in his grip. Holding it with one hand, he casually flicked the sword toward the descending flaming blade energy.
“Swoosh!” A burst of white sword aura erupted from the blade, colliding heavily with the flaming sword.
“Boom!” A deafening sound echoed as the sword and blade energies clashed. In an instant, the ground quivered, and a formidable energy wave emanated from the point of impact, leaving destruction in its path.
In the moment of contact, the white sword aura had burst into fragments, while the flaming blade energy split into two.
Both sides seemed evenly matched, with neither gaining the upper hand. However, Anders had exerted all his strength into that single strike. Yet, Dustin had casually blocked it.
“Flaming Surge Second Form!”
Without hesitation, Anders followed up with a second slash after the unsuccessful first strike.
This time, he unleashed a horizontal slash instead of a downward slash. It was faster, stronger, and with a more cunning angle.
Anders’ Flaming Surge Blade Technique possessed a unique characteristic. Each successive strike would surpass the previous one in strength, like waves growing in intensity.
Simply put, the more he fought, the more powerful his attacks would grow. Although facing the horizontal slash, Dustin remained expressionless and effortlessly raised his sword to parry.
Another intense collision occurred between the sword aura and the blade energy. Despite the grand spectacle, a winner hadn’t emerged.
“Flaming Surge Third Form!”
“Flaming Surge Fourth Form!”
“Flaming Surge Fifth Form!”
Anders fought more fearlessly as the battle progressed. He alternated between various blade techniques, executing each strike with a deadly precision.
His momentum reached its peak as he exuded an overwhelming presence.
However, unlike typical martial artists, Anders exuded a deadly countenance, the kind forged through fighting on the battlefield.
Relentless and unstoppable, Anders charged forward without hesitation. Even if a deity were blocking his way, he would strike them down in a heartbeat.
###Chapter 1648 by Marina Vittori
Faced with Anders’ relentless attack, Dustin only defended them calmly with his sword, seemingly allowing his opponent to dictate the pace.
However, from the crowd’s perspective, Anders seemed to be consistently overpowering Dustin, gaining the upper hand. He only needed to keep going with the aggressive attacks to win the battle.
“Damn! What kind of technique is Sir Anders using? Why does it seem like he is growing stronger with each strike?”
“Look at this battle. If it keeps on, Logan may be unable to hold on much longer.”
“So what if he’s the Kirin? After wasting ten years, he won’t be able to compete with a top prodigy like Sir Anders.”
“Go for it, Sir Anders! Finish him off!”
As the crowd watched Anders’ imposing figure ahead, they were filled with both surprise and admiration.
Some disciples from Nexus Gate were even cheering and encouraging him.
“Hell! Go to Hell!” Anders laughed maniacally, his blade slashing even faster and more fiercely, resembling a violent storm that left everyone dazzled.
“Oh, Logan, weren’t you quite arrogant before? Why so silent now?”
“Why aren’t you fighting back? Why aren’t you attacking?”
“You’re just like a tortoise, only knowing how to defend against my attacks!”
“Hahaha… You’re not afraid, are you?”
“You were so glorious once. But now, you’re only worthy of panting at my feet!”
“You’re the unparalleled Kirin? What a joke!”
“The current you is not even worthy of carrying my shoes!”
“How about it? Have you felt my strength? Isn’t it terrifying? Are you left feeling hopeless?”
“Unfortunately, today, no one can save you!”
Anders continued his verbal taunts while attacking, attempting to break through Dustin’s psychological defenses.
However, Dustin remained unresponsive, displaying no emotions on his face. In reality, his attention was not focused solely on Anders. While Anders was strong, it seemed he still couldn’t take Dustin down.
Considering the Dragon Guard’s ways, there was no way they had sent such a small force to kill him. That was why he was certain that there were elites still hiding in the shadows, waiting for the right moment.
‘Logan, I’ve had enough fun. Next, it’s time to finish you with one strike!”
After a fierce assault, Anders suddenly stopped advancing. Instead, he created some distance. It was obvious that he was preparing to unleash a powerful finishing move.
“Logan, I’ve never used this move on anyone since mastering it. It’s your lucky day today. You should consider yourself fortunate to meet your end under my finishing move.
“Open up your eyes. I’ll make you understand what true power is!”
As Anders spoke, he gripped the Frostflame Demonblade tightly, slowly raising it above his head.
A tremendous pressure instantly spread across the entire field. The energy of a grandmaster within him, along with the surrounding spiritual energy of nature, surged ceaselessly into his sword.
The Frostflame Demonblade started to tremble, its body alternating between bursts of red and blue light, which eventually merged into one.
“Flaming Surge Ultimate Form- Frostflame!” Anders’ roar echoed as he lifted the Frostflame Demonblade, slashing it at Dustin ruthlessly.
For a moment, the weather transformed. A red and blue sword energy materialized out of thin air. The red represented fire, and the blue represented water.
The originally incompatible elements of water and fire now strangely yet perfectly merged, forming a colossal blade akin to a mountain that descended ruthlessly upon Dustin. This slash was earth-shattering with an overwhelming and unparalleled momentum!
The crowd watching from a distance was stunned, with a surreal feeling that a calamity was imminent.
It felt like once this slash was brought down, everything in the world would turn to ashes. It was a feeling of fear and despair that emanated from the depths of their soul.
###Chapter 1649 by Marina Vittori
“An ultimate grandmaster… Sir Anders ‘strike is definitely one of an ultimate grandmaster’s!” The Silver Sage was looking up with awe and shock. He had thought Logan was a force to be reckoned with, but he didn’t expect Anders to be even stronger.
Reaching the realm of a grandmaster yet displaying the skills of an ultimate grandmaster was simply unimaginable!
Was this what they called an unparalleled prodigy? He would never be able to catch up to him in his lifetime.
“Wow! What a powerful strike. Just how many people in the world could defend against it?” Madam Monroe was left dumbfounded and utterly shaken.
She had considered herself skilled, but her skills felt inconsequential in the presence of a powerhouse like Anders.
“Incredible! If I had even half of Sir Anders’ skills, I’d be filled with pride!”
The disciples of Nexus Gate were both shocked, awed, and even slightly envious. They finally understood what it meant to be a true prodigy.
“Hmph! Nothing but showy moves!” Instead of dodging or avoiding the enormous blade that descended upon him, Dustin took a light step and charged forward with his sword. Dustin launched a simple and precise strike without any unnecessary movements or flashy techniques.
Compared to the enormous blade Anders unleashed, Dustin seemed like an ant standing before an elephant- insignificant and seemingly fragile. It appeared as if a mere breath could shatter him into pieces.
“Die!” Seeing Dustin confront him head -on, Anders put more strength into his attack. Gripping his sword with both hands, he slashed down heavily.
“Boom!”
A deafening roar sounded.
The tip of Dustin’s sword precisely pierced through Anders’ blade. At that moment, a horrifying energy surged out of nowhere, sweeping in all directions like an unstoppable force of destruction.
Everywhere it passed, flowers and trees evaporated. Even the rocky ground had a thick layer shaved off. As for the martial artists present, they were blown away by the storm, tumbling in all directions.
After the dust settled, the martial artists stood up and took a closer look. What they found was a massive crater in the center of the battlefield a distance away.
Inside the crater pit, two figures, one in black and the other in white, stood facing each other. Dustin was the white figure, while Anders was the black figure.
Contrary to everyone’s expectations, Dustin was standing there unharmed instead of meeting his demise. Only his azure steel sword had broken from the impact. Other than that, he suffered no injuries.
Anders, on the other hand, had a gloomy expression and was panting heavily. The Frostflame Demonblade in his hand was glowing erratically, flickering between light and darkness.
“What’s going on? Logan is still alive?”
“Oh, my God! Is this guy made of iron? How is he not dead after that?”
“Ander’s earlier attack was comparable to an ultimate grandmaster’s. How exactly did Logan manage to withstand it?”
The crowd erupted into a frenzy when they saw Logan unharmed. Everyone had been certain that Dustin was bound to meet his demise. No one expected him to defend against that earth- shattering blow.
Just how powerful was Logan?
“Logan’s sword has been destroyed. Sir Anders should have the upper hand now, right?”
“That’s right! Although he couldn’t finish him in one strike, at least he destroyed Logan’s weapon. As long as Sir Anders makes another move, he can surely take him down!”
After the initial shock, many of them began to console themselves. After all, a weapon’s presence could significantly determine a battle’s outcome.
Anders had the Frostflame Demonblade in hand, while Dustin was unarmed. If it came down to a life-or- death struggle, Anders’ chances of winning were undoubtedly higher.
###Chapter 1650 by Marina Vittori
Right then, Anders’ body convulsed, and he suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood. Instantly, his face turned pale, and the Frostflame Demonblade he was holding was thrust into the ground with a clang, used to support his slightly trembling body.
It was evident that Anders had been seriously injured in their last clash.
“What?”
The entire crowd was in shock at the scene before them. Their eyes were wide open, and everyone was in disbelief.
Anders had lost? How was that possible? Anders was the strongest of the four Gods of War, an enemy of thousands on the battlefield.
The power he displayed earlier had been comparable to that of an ultimate grandmaster. How could such a powerhouse be defeated?
Was Dustin really so strong that not even Anders matched him?
“You… You’ve been hiding your true strength all along?”
Anders gripped the hilt of his sword with both hands, looking incredulous. He had given it his all in the previous strike, thinking he could eliminate Logan easily. Instead, Logan had not only defended against his attack, he had also managed to injure him.
It was simply inconceivable!
Why? Why did this happen?
Logan had been missing for ten years. Without the resources of the West Lucozian monarchy, logically, his progress should have been slow. How could he remain that powerful? What exactly went wrong?
“It’s not that I hid my strength, but you are just too weak to make me take you seriously,” Dustin said indifferently.
“You-!” Anders gritted his teeth, almost spitting out another mouthful of blood.
“You should be the weakest of Oakvale’s four princes,” Dustin added another blow. In terms of strength, even Fenley from the Celestial Alliance would be much stronger than Anders.
“You’re too much!” Anders roared in frustration, “Fang Legion! Kill him!”
“Attack!”
Following the command, the Fang Legion, who were ready for battle, raised their swords and charged toward Dustin.
These warriors had been trained meticulously by Anders. They were not only fiercely loyal but were also powerful enough to take on a hundred opponents individually.
Of course, Anders did not expect the Fang Legion to actually kill Dustin. The command to attack was aimed at delaying time and wearing Dustin out.
With various forces in action for this siege, many powerful individuals were on their way. Since it wasn’t possible to claim all the credit, he could only use others to achieve his goals.
“Fools!”
Dustin showed no mercy to the approaching Fang Legion warriors. He transformed into a ghostly shadow and charged into the crowd, starting a massacre.
For a moment, limbs and body parts were scattered and strewn about while bodies dropped to the bloody ground.
In the face of absolute strength, even the well-trained Fang Legion weren’t able to hold out. They could only use their lives to stall Dustin.
After a few minutes, the hundreds of Fang Legion warriors had been completely slaughtered. Bodies were strewn on the ground, forming pools of blood that stained the entire area crimson.
After dealing with the Fang Legion warriors, Dustin let out a long breath. He then turned around to face Anders and said coldly, “Now, it’s time for you to die.”
###Chapter 1651 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?”
When Dustin’s gaze flickered over to Anders, Anders was taken aback, feeling inexplicably uneasy. Earlier, while the Fang Legion was buying him time, he had swallowed a pill to heal himself faster and restore his vitality.
After a few minutes of rest, the discomfort from his internal injuries had disappeared, and most of his energy had been restored.
In contrast, Dustin must have used up most of his energy from the continuous fighting. In this situation, he still had a chance of winning. Anders gained more confidence from the thought of this.
However, to be on the safe side, it would be best to overwhelm Dustin with numbers. Even if it wouldn’t be an honorable win, it was better than taking unnecessary risks alone.
“Dear heroes, Logan is almost out of energy. If we join forces, we will surely succeed in slaying him!” Anders declared loudly.
Upon hearing this, everyone exchanged doubtful glances. Dustin didn’t appear to be tired. If they approached him rashly, they would be seeking their own demise.
The dead bodies of the Fang Legion were still lying on the ground, serving as a bloody lesson. Who would dare act recklessly?
“Dear heroes, don’t forget your mission today. Wealth and honor come with risks. As long as we kill this traitor, we will enjoy endless wealth in the future!” Anders began enticing the crowd.
The crowd’s gazes grew fervent upon hearing Anders, eager to make the attempt. Even if Dustin was powerful, he was still human. After so many battles, he must have used up a significant amount of energy. As long as they teamed up, they should have a chance at victory.
“Anyone not afraid of death can step forward and try.” Dustin suddenly stepped forward, scaring the crowd as they retreated. The gruesome scene earlier had instilled fear in them.
“Logan Rhys! Allow me to fight you!”
Just as the crowd was at a loss, a clear voice echoed through the sky. Following the voice, they saw a man dressed in green coming from the east, riding the wind.
The man had a tall, straight figure and a handsome face. As he strolled in the air, he appeared majestic, like a divine being, evoking a sense of reverence.
“What a powerful presence. Who is that?”
“If I’m not mistaken, it looks like the Celestial Alliance’s guildmaster, Fenley Hudson!”
“What? Fenley Hudson? He’s actually here?”
After getting a clear look at the appearance of the man in green, the entire scene erupted into a commotion.
The Celestial Alliance was renowned as the number one sect in the world. It was a place where talented and skilled martial artists gathered and a sacred place coveted by countless martial artists.
As the young guildmaster, Fenley was publicly acknowledged as the prodigy. Achieving success at a young age, he had mastered the true teachings of the Celestial Alliance passed down by the previous guildmaster.
Holding the title of the best talent in the martial world, he had yet to encounter a worthy opponent since gaining fame. There wasn’t anyone who could last more than three moves against him.
In terms of strength, Fenley was much stronger than Anders, who was also one of Oakvale’s four princes. After all, Anders excelled in military strategy, while Fenley represented the true orthodox martial arts.
“Fenley Hudson?” Anders’ expression brightened when he saw help arrive.
Considering his current condition, his chances of defeating Logan were not high. However, that would be different with Fenley added to the mix.
Fenley was undoubtedly strong since he was the Celestial Alliance’s guildmaster. Even though they’ve never battled, Anders was certain that Fenley was no less powerful than he was.
As long as they teamed up, killing Logan wouldn’t be a problem.
“Hahaha… Sir Hudson has arrived! We’re saved!”
###Chapter 1652 by Marina Vittori
The Silver Sage was pleasantly surprised, looking like he had found a savior. Despite the Stormfire Order’s reputable status, they were leagues behind the Celestial Alliance.
As early as two years ago, there were rumors that Fenley had already glimpsed the threshold of an ultimate grandmaster. An extraordinary talent like him was truly unparalleled.
“With Fenley on our side, there’s no way for Logan to escape!” Madam Monroe’s eyes gleamed with delight.
Just moments ago, she had been considering seizing the opportunity to flee for her life. Now, such considerations were unnecessary since Fenley’s presence had instilled a sense of peace.
“Greetings, Sir Hudson!” The moment Fenley landed, the crowd immediately showered him with the utmost respect.
“Esteemed heroes, kindly step back and leave the battle to me,” Fenley announced with a resounding voice.
“Yes, sir!” The crowd acknowledged him in unison, promptly positioning themselves on both sides. They were eager to just stand on the sidelines and witness the battle unfold. It not only kept them out of harm’s way but also presented an opportunity to share in the glory.
They would also be able to witness Fenley’s imposing charisma personally. It was a favorable situation overall.
“Sir Hudson, Logan is not easy to deal with. It might be difficult to win in a one-on-one battle. How about the two of us team up and confront him together?” Anders extended an invitation.
“I appreciate your kind offer, Sir Anders, but I prefer to do things alone. So, please, rest briefly on the sidelines, “Fenley refused politely.
“Sir Hudson, considering the significance of this task, it would be best for us to team up, just in case,” Anders suggested once more.
“Oh? Are you looking down on me? Do you think I’m not a match for Logan?” Fenley raised an eyebrow slightly.
“Your skills are unquestionable, but now is not the time to seek the limelight and prove yourself. Our priority should be to complete the mission.
“Otherwise, should a hiccup occur, I’m afraid you won’t be able to bear the responsibility,” Anders warned.
“I am a person of the martial world and will naturally prefer to handle things the martial way. As for bearing responsibility, you won’t need to concern yourself with that,” Fenley replied calmly.
“You-!” Anders gritted his teeth, feeling slightly exasperated by his stubbornness and arrogance. Despite having a clear advantage if they teamed up, he insisted on making a show of his bravado. As expected, fighters were only fighters. They weren’t able to rise above the occasion.
“Hmph! Since you’re so confident, I’ll eagerly await the outcome!” Anders didn’t say anymore and took a few steps back, prepared to watch from the sidelines.
Since Fenley was unwilling to team up, he would let him wear Dustin down. It would be best if both sides suffered serious injuries. That way, he would reap the benefits from both sides.
“Logan, we meet again.” Fenley stepped forward, locking eyes with Dustin from a distance. He spoke loudly, “Our fight ended abruptly the last time, and it wasn’t satisfying. Today, we finally have the chance for a rematch.”
“Sir Hudson, I didn’t expect the Celestial Alliance to get involved. You’re clearly a person of the martial world, so why get involved in a governmental struggle?” Dustin asked.
“While the martial world and the government may seem like different realms, they are intricately connected.
“In fact, the Celestial Alliance was able to grow and expand with the help of certain individuals. So today, I have found myself here against my own wishes.” Fenley shook his head.
“It seems like you have made up your mind. In that case, let’s settle the score between us today,” Dustin said calmly.
“You’ve just finished a battle and must be somewhat tired. Why don’t you take a rest first? I can wait.” Fenley suggested.
Without violating his master’s orders, he hoped to have a fair fight with Dustin rather than take advantage of him in a weakened state.
“No need. I’ve only just warmed up. Sir Hudson, feel free to make your move,” Dustin replied with a nod. Although they were enemies, Fenley’s character deserved respect.
“Very well! Then let’s battle it out, with only one victor emerging alive!” Fenley nodded back, his gaze turning sharp instantly.
Having only previously unleashed three of the Four Elements of God’s Technique, he could finally unleash its full power today and determine the victor.
###Chapter 1653 by Marina Vittori
“Hey guys, who do you think is stronger between Logan and Fenley?”
“If both are at their peak, it’s hard to say. It would depend on how they improvise.”
“Nonsense! Of course, it’s Sir Hudson! Logan is already past his prime, and Sir Hudson is the true unparalleled genius now!”
“I also think Sir Hudson has a better chance of winning. After all, Logan had just finished a battle and must be tired.”
As the martial artists took in the confrontation between Dustin and Fenley on the field, they began to whisper and speculate.
Since both were top-tier talents and seemingly unattainable existences, their public face-off inevitably generated high expectations. However, most of them leaned toward Fenley.
Fenley had become widely renowned and seemingly unstoppable in recent years. He seemed poised to be invincible.
Although Dustin was powerful, he was still relying on his past glory. Compared to Fenley’s current dominance, he would still fall somewhat short.
“Get on with it, both of you. Fight like it’s a battle to the death. That way, I’ll be able to save some energy,” Anders sneered as if he were watching two fools. How were they in the mood to discuss the rules of the martial world in such a critical moment? Were they idiots?
Did they not understand the art of war? Did they not comprehend the idea of seizing victory at every opportunity?
“Logan, be prepared. I’m unleashing the Four Elements of God’s Technique next!”
“Take this!”
After the warning, Fenley immediately took action. His body shook, unleashing a powerful burst of internal energy, and a massive blue illusory image appeared behind him.
The illusory image stood at an impressive height of 19 to 22 feet, possessing an imposing and robust physique. Like a demon, it carried a frightening, oppressive air.
“Oh my God! Fenley unleashed the Four Elements of God’s Technique right off the bat! He’s aiming for a quick and decisive battle!”
“The Four Elements of God’s Technique is an unparalleled technique. Once the illusory image appears, it’s invincible. Seems like Logan is in trouble now!”
The crowd was astonished as they took in the massive blue illusory image. Nobody expected Fenley to take the battle that seriously by unleashing his ultimate move right from the start, leaving no chances.
“Fury of Wind God!” After a brief accumulation of power, Fenley suddenly thrust out his palm. The illusory image behind him mimicked his motion.
“Boom!”
In an instant, the air around them ruptured. A mighty surge of internal energy morphed into a massive palm shadow, carrying a destructive force that surged relentlessly toward Dustin.
Everywhere the palm shadow passed, the wind howled. Sharp wind blades sliced through the rocky ground, leaving behind a chaotic mess. The destructive power was terrifying.
“White Tiger!” Dustin cried out in a lowered tone, and a clear burst of internal energy surged forth, forming a huge illusory of a white tiger on his body. The white tiger didn’t appear like any ordinary creature, looking majestic with a fierce gaze.
“Attack!” With a single raised hand, Dustin forcefully struck forward. The illusory white tiger shot forward with a loud roar, charging toward Fenley’s illusory Wind God. Previously, Dustin had chosen to defend against the attack. This time, he struck back.
The Beasts Cultivation Method was not inferior to the Four Elements of God’s Technique, and the winner would be determined by their basic skills and strength.
A resounding bang echoed through the air. Both illusory images had clashed head-on under the watchful gaze of the crowd, unleashing a tremendous surge of energy.
For a moment, the earth shook, and a hurricane swept through. The two massive illusory images dissipated with the wind, neither gaining the upper hand.
After that, Fenley followed up immediately with another move. Both of his hands lifted toward the sky, forming a huge red illusory image behind him out of thin air.
###Chapter 1654 by Marina Vittori
The illusory image was enveloped in swirling flames. The scorching heat looked like it could melt the ground.
“Fury of Fire God!”
As his energy reached its peak, Fenley thrust both palms forward forcefully. The illusory Fire God behind him instantly mirrored his motion. Following that, a crimson-flaming dragon shot forth, lunging toward Dustin.
“Vermilion Bird!” Dustin’s energy transformed once more and materialized above his head into a massive, flaming divine bird.
“Soar!” The Vermilion Bird flapped its wings, making it rain sparks. Then, it shot forward like an arrow released from the bow, colliding with Fenley’s flaming dragon in a resounding clash.
Another explosion rang out.
While the Vermilion Bird exploded on the spot and dispersed into a myriad of firelights, the flaming dragon shattered into pieces upon impact.
Once again, both sides found themselves in a stalemate. Fenley was not surprised by the outcome, unleashing his third move instead.
He took a deep breath. As if swallowing the vast sea, his abdomen swelled up as he absorbed the spiritual energy of nature.
Following immediately, a black deity resembling a dark cloud emerged behind Fenley. The ominous-looking deity had sharp fangs that appeared terrifying. It also emanated an imposing air that sent shivers down the spines of the martial artists watching from afar.
They could feel their legs shivering as they broke out in a cold sweat. They weren’t able to withstand the oppressive force.
“Fury of Thunder God!” Fenley suddenly let out a long roar, thrusting his right fist through the air.
At the same time, the illusory Thunder God mimicked his motions, thrusting its right fist toward Dustin with unstoppable force.
“Azure Dragon!”
Dustin released another surge of clear internal energy, which transformed into a green, divine dragon above his head. It was incredibly lifelike that even its scales were sharply defined.
Its mighty deity aura left the crowd in awe.
“Take this!” Dustin extended two fingers, pointing forward forcefully. The Dragon roared, transforming into a streak of light, and collided forcefully with Fenley’s illusory Thunder God.
The entire area trembled as a thunderous explosion rang out. A powerful burst of energy surged forth in all directions like a tsunami, destroying everything it passed.
Dustin shook from the recoil after the impact. His feet forcefully imprinted two deep marks on the rocky ground.
Fenley, on the other hand, staggered back several steps. Every step created a crater in the ground. Clearly, he had ended up on the losing side in the last clash.
“Hahaha … so exhilarating!” Fenley was far from dismayed and was even filled with joy.
“Oh, Logan, you didn’t let me down. In all these years, I’ve never had such a satisfying and enjoyable fight like today!”
Since gaining fame, he had been yearning for a truly powerful opponent. However, the skilled fighters he had encountered in the past were utterly not worth mentioning.
None of them could make him take things seriously. But today, Dustin had achieved that. Finally, he could exert all his strength and indulge in a thrilling battle.
“I’ve heard that so far, no one has been able to defend against the fourth technique of the Four Elements of God’s Technique. I might not be overly skilled, but today, I’d like to experience it.” Dustin clasped his hands slightly.
“Very well! Then allow me to show you the strongest attack from the Four Elements of God’s Technique-Fury of Lightning God!”
Fenley took another deep breath, forcefully absorbing a large amount of spiritual energy of nature, transforming it for his own use.
Simultaneously, Fenley’s presence grew stronger as he grew even more terrifying. His original pitch-black pupils suddenly turned white, his hair stood on end, and his clothes rustled.
He was enveloped in thunder and lightning as the wind howled.
In the next moment, Fenley’s feet lifted off the ground, and he floated mid-air. Like a God or demon appearing, he was imposing and majestic, looking at Dustin arrogantly!
###Chapter 1655 by Marina Vittori
“Here it comes! The ultimate move of the Four Elements of God’s Technique is finally coming!”
“There’s a rumor that no one has ever witnessed the Fury of Lightning God since everyone who’s seen it is already dead. I can’t believe we will have the privilege of witnessing one of the five supreme skills of the martial world today.”
“Considering Logan’s identity, it’s an honor for him to die from the Four Elements of God’s Technique.”
Looking at Fenley rise gracefully into the air with an imposing and majestic aura, the crowd couldn’t help but feel awed as if looking up to a God.
The Four Elements of God’s Technique was not only the Celestial Alliance guildmaster’s signature skill, it was also recognized as one of the five supreme skills in the martial world.
They had only heard about it but had never witnessed it before. The previous three techniques were already very impressive, and now, as Fenley prepared to unleash the strongest move, nobody had an idea of how terrifying it could be.
“Fury of Lightning God!” Fenley, who was floating in mid-air, roared out suddenly. A Lightning God manifestation erupted from his body and rapidly expanded. It had transformed into a colossal giant in the blink of an eye.
Standing beneath it, Dustin appeared as tiny as an ant. It seemed like a mere lift of its foot could effortlessly crush him.
“Finish him!” Fenley raised his hand slowly, adopting a throwing stance before striking down forcefully.
The giant manifestation behind him replicated the same motion. However, the Lightning God manifestation held a spear that emanated a blue electric light during the throw!
The thunderous spear descended like a missile, crashing violently toward Dustin. The weather began to shift instantly, and even space itself contorted.
An overwhelmingly terrifying pressure instantly enveloped the entire area like divine retribution. It left the crowd feeling shocked, fearful, and in despair.
Before the spear even reached its target, its formidable power had already caused the ground to collapse and shattered everything within 300 feet.
The martial artists who were observing from a distance were frightened and made a hasty retreat. Their faces were filled with terror.
“Kirin!” The moment the thunderous spear descended, Dustin’s Kirin tattoo suddenly illuminated. Then, a black aura burst forth, forming a massive Kirin manifestation behind him.
This black Kirin possessed a dragon’s head, deer antlers, lion eyes, a tiger’s back, a bear’s figure, snake scales, horse hooves, and a pig’s tail.
Although it was merely a manifestation, it appeared real, exuding an imposing and noble countenance. The divine aura it gave off could even make all the beasts bow in submission.
Looking at the incoming lightning spear, the black Kirin let out a roar. Then, with a powerful leap, it transformed into a streak of black light, heading straight for the Lighting God manifestation.
“Boom!”
A thunderous sound echoed through the air. Upon collision, the powerful lightning spear shattered instantly like glass. With the remaining momentum, it continued on its path toward the Lightning God manifestation.
“Boom!”
Another deafening noise resounded. The Black Kirin had charged straight at the Lightning God manifestation, punching a massive hole through its chest.
Cracks began to surface on the Lightning God manifestation, rapidly disintegrating into fragments of energy that dispersed in the air.
The Lightning God manifestation had vanished completely into nothingness in just a few breaths. After defeating the Lightning God manifestation, the Black Kirin roared at the sky as if displaying its dominance.
The next moment, it transformed into a steak of black light, swiftly merging into Dustin’s body. The Kirin tattoo lit up faintly before quickly returning to a state of calm.
###Chapter 1656 by Marina Vittori
The moment the Lightning God manifestation crumbled, Fenley coughed up a mouthful of blood as if dealt a heavy blow. His face turned as pale as paper, and he staggered, appearing completely drained of vitality.
“How is this possible? How could I lose? “Fenley stared at his hands in disbelief. For years, he had stood unrivaled, making any genius pale in comparison. He believed he would be invincible, defeating all challengers.
However, today dealt him a resounding and harsh defeat. The Four Elements of God’s Technique were unleashed without reservation. Logan confronted each strike head-on, devoid of defense or evasion.
Every move represented a direct clash of absolute strength without compromise or trickery. Though it might seem unbelievable, Fenley must acknowledge that he had lost.
With his formidable strength, Dustin had openly shattered the Four Elements of God’s Technique and dismantled Fenley’s invincible myth. In this battle, Fenley genuinely accepted his defeat.
“My goodness! Did Logan win? Did he actually defeat Sir Hudson? How is that possible?”
“No one has ever been able to withstand the Four Elements of God’s Technique. Logan has truly accomplished a miracle!”
“Is this the legendary Kirin? It’s truly terrifying!”
As everyone gazed at Dustin standing proudly ahead, shock and disbelief etched across their faces. Even Fenley lost, so who among them could stand against Dustin?
“Damn it! This Sir Hudson from the Celestial Alliance is a disgrace!” Anders scowled, his expression notably unpleasant.
He had anticipated Fenley and Dustin mutually inflicting serious wounds on each other, a battle to the death. Now, that prospect appeared unlikely.
Despite Fenley’s injuries, Logan appeared completely unharmed, catching everyone off guard. One couldn’t help but wonder how much strength this guy had hidden beneath the surface.
“The Four Elements of God’s Technique lives up to its reputation. If you break through to the ultimate grandmaster realm, I might not be able to withstand this move,” Dustin said casually.
“I have lost, and there’s no need for further words.” Fenley shook his head with a bitter smile. “You’re several years younger, yet I’m no match for you. This proves the gap between us.”
Having hidden for ten years without the resources of the West Lucozian monarchy, Dustin relied solely on his cultivation to reach the ultimate grandmaster realm. This formidable talent left even the arrogant Fenley feeling inferior.
“Logan, I concede that you’re formidable. I acknowledge today’s defeat, but I won’t back down.” Fenley lifted his head with determination gleaming in his eyes. “I’ll redouble my efforts and intensify my cultivation. One day, I’ll openly triumph over you!”
“I anticipate that day,” Dustin remarked with a subtle smile. He thought that Fenley possessed exceptional talent and strength. Fenley’s future held boundless possibilities with his unwavering spirit. Perhaps, one day, he could even overcome Dustin.
“Logan, three years later, I’ll come find you. Until then, don’t die on me.”
“Until our next encounter!”
Fenley nodded, then swiftly ascended into the air, stepping on leaves as he vanished. Indeed, he came and went in a rush.
“That darn Fenley! What am I going to do now that he’s gone?” Watching the swiftly retreating figure, Anders couldn’t help but curse under his breath.
With the two of them working together, there was still some chance of success. Now that Fenley had left, leaving him alone to face Dustin, it seemed like a dead end.
###Chapter 1657 by Marina Vittori
Amid Anders’ internal turmoil, the ground beneath him trembled, accompanied by a distant, rhythmic thud.
“What in the world? Earthquake, maybe?” The crowd shared uncertain glances. Perplexed, Anders looked behind him and discovered a colossal army emerging from the wooded hills. It numbered in the tens of thousands.
Surveying the scene, he observed an expansive array of soldiers stretching as far as the eye could see. This formidable force wasn’t a singular entity. Instead, it comprised eight elite units encircling from all directions.
The trembling ground was the outcome of these eight units sprinting into position.
“Look over there! What is that?”
“Whoa! It’s like a massive tidal wave swallowing the entire mountain.”
“Check their banners. They seem to be our reinforcements.”
“Reinforcements? That’s incredible.”
Upon closer inspection, the crowd rejoiced. Logan was too formidable for them to face alone. They needed reinforcements, either in sheer numbers or through the intervention of top-tier warriors.
The colossal army that arrived comprised a force of a hundred thousand, capable of overwhelming Logan even if each soldier made only a minimal contribution.
“Haha… it’s the Eight Sovereigns. The Eight Sovereigns’ troops have arrived!” Anders couldn’t suppress his laughter upon realizing the situation.
Oakvale had three military forces. The City Defenders maintained order, and the Imperial Guardian protected the royal family within Aylka.
The additional force was a unique military unit jointly led by the eight commanders of the outer city. This specialized unit was dedicated to ensuring the safety of Oakvale and preventing any potential rebellions or uprisings.
Despite holding only a second-tier official rank, their practical power equaled that of regional leaders, earning them the title of the Eight Sovereigns. Many high-ranking officials treated them with utmost respect, knowing that challenging them could lead to dire consequences.
“Dear Logan, with the arrival of the Eight Sovereigns’s army, your fate is sealed today!” Anders felt invigorated, and his confidence was restored.
Throughout the conflict, he faced setbacks whenever victory seemed assured. Dustin, with his formidable strength, shattered Anders’ hopes repeatedly. But now, the dynamics have shifted.
Upon the arrival of the Eight Sovereigns and a hundred thousand elite soldiers, Anders was confident that Dustin’s exceptional abilities wouldn’t pose a significant threat.
After all, human capabilities have limits. Even the most outstanding grandmaster, who could take on ten thousand opponents, would have found it challenging to contend with such overwhelming numbers.
Therefore, even if Dustin was exceptionally strong, he couldn’t withstand the onslaught of a hundred thousand troops.
Only those holding top rankings on the Astonishing World List could effortlessly maneuver through a hundred thousand troops as if traversing an uninhabited terrain. Dustin didn’t fall into that category.
“Ah, the Eight Sovereigns have truly gone all out to get me.” Dustin furrowed his brow slightly, his expression growing more serious.
The recent intense battles had depleted much of his energy, leaving him with minimal chances against a siege by a hundred thousand soldiers. The Eight Sovereigns, leading the massive army, charged like a storm.
The immense army and its imposing presence chilled everyone to the bone. The majority of the onlookers were martial artists accustomed to smaller skirmishes, typically involving only a few or a couple of hundred individuals.
The influx of a hundred thousand soldiers was an unprecedented sight for them.
“What does it even mean to have a hundred thousand troops?” they wondered aloud. They couldn’t understand the intense shock and disbelief that gripped them at the core of their being without witnessing it firsthand.
###Chapter 1658 by Marina Vittori
The revelation struck them. A concealed truth existed despite the plethora of martial arts experts and the constant emergence of formidable figures. None dared to confront the authorities directly because of the vast disparity in strength.
As a massive force of several hundred thousand soldiers advanced, even the most extraordinary skills proved futile. In any sect, confronting the elite forces of the authorities meant certain doom.
The command echoed, “Surround them!”
Instantly, a hundred thousand troops encircled not only Dustin but also the surrounding onlookers, creating layers upon layers. Armed with guns and knives, each person exuded a piercing gaze and an unmistakable aura of hostility.
“I’m Anders Mosey, the Veros Warrior. Where are the eight commanders?” As Anders advanced, he showcased his imposing demeanor.
As a God of War, standing before a second-tier general was unquestionably a demotion. Even the influential commanders, acknowledged as the Eight Sovereigns, would lower their heads in his presence.
However, Ander’s inquiry received no response. All soldiers were prepared, seemingly oblivious to his presence.
“What’s going on? Where are your commanders?” Anders felt a bit dissatisfied.
Although he couldn’t bring his three- hundred-thousand-strong Fang Legion to Oakvale, his identity as a God should command respect from any commander.
“Sir Anders, as of today, the Outer City Forces fall under my sole command,” announced a voice.
Emerging from the central formation, an elderly man in white attire, his face beardless, strolled forward with composure. Tall and thin, his high- pitched voice left a distinctive impression.
“Mr. Wilkin?” Observing the man, Anders couldn’t help but feel his gaze tighten, swiftly masking his arrogance.
After all, despite holding a low official position, this person had a special status. He wasn’t just a close attendant to the king but also the top master within the palace, ranking tenth on the Astonishing World List – Nestor Wilkins.
“Sir Anders, you’ve worked hard today. Leave the upcoming matters to me.” Nestor nodded slightly, maintaining a composed attitude.
“Thank you, Mr. Wilkin.” Anders nodded in return and decisively stepped aside to observe the battle.
Anders hadn’t anticipated the Dragon Guard placing such significance on Dustin. They not only deployed a hundred thousand troops but also called upon Nestor, the unparalleled master within the palace gates, to suppress him.
Nestor had never easily revealed himself. His public appearance today not only indicated Dustin’s impending demise but also proved that the so- called King was merely a puppet cultivated by the Dragon Guard.
“Your Grace, we meet again.” Nestor shifted his gaze, smiling at Dustin.
“Yes. I didn’t expect the Dragon Guard to send you, a lapdog, to bite people.” Dustin’s face grew cold, a hint of hostility in his eyes. Nestor was a lackey of the Dragon Guard, undoubtedly connected to his mother’s death.
“Your Grace, you shouldn’t have come to Oakvale. It’s even worse to investigate the truth of the past. Why not live peacefully in Swinton as an ordinary person for the rest of your life? “Nestor spoke nonchalantly.
“Hmph! Even if I do nothing, will you spare me once the West Lucozian monarchy loses power?” Dustin retorted.
“Your Grace, you are an intelligent person. But sometimes, those who are excessively clever do not live long.” Nestor laughed noncommittally.
“So, are you here to kill me today?” Dustin sneered.
“Yes.” Nestor nodded decisively. “Your potential is formidable, posing a future threat to the Dragon Guard’s position. Hence, it’s necessary to eliminate you early.”
“Kill me? Have you considered the consequences? If I die in Oakvale, do you think Rufus will let it go?” Dustin coldly remarked.
He added, “The Black Dragon Army is invincible with 500 thousand soldiers. Once they reach Oakvale, can you stop them?”
“Previously, restraining them was challenging, but now, it’s not certain.” Nestor smiled faintly.
“Frankly speaking, the Prince of Theswe is in jeopardy and unable to safeguard himself now. You and your father will likely soon reunite on the road to the afterlife unless any unexpected events alter this course.”
###Chapter 1659 by Marina Vittori
“What did you say?” Amidst the rising tension, Dustin’s expression swiftly transformed.
He responded with resolve, “Rufus is stationed far away in West Lucozia, commanding a formidable force with numerous skilled protectors. How do you propose to confront him?”
Though the Dragon Guard wielded considerable influence, the West Lucozian monarchy proved to be a formidable adversary. They had tolerated this thorn for years, likely out of fear or caution.
As long as Rufus stood firm, the West Lucozian monarchy remained secure. It would dissuade the Dragon Guard from any bold moves.
From Nestor’s words, it seemed the situation had shifted.
“Your Grace, times have changed.”
Nestor smiled. “”The Dragon Guard has been preparing for a day when they could eliminate the West Lucozian monarchy. If we calculate the time, that day is coming soon.”
“What exactly do you want?” Dustin demanded.
“Your Grace, you don’t need to worry about these matters. Besides, you won’t leave here alive today,” Nestor replied nonchalantly.
“Hmph! You want to kill me? It will not be so easy!” Dustin remarked icily. ” Even if you have an ambush, I’m not fighting alone. My reinforcements are on their way, and the outcome is still uncertain!”
“Your Grace, the Dragon Guard has seen through your plans long ago. Your so-called reinforcements probably won’t arrive today. Now, you are like a turtle in a jar,” Nestor said calmly.
“Haha… Logan, did you expect this? Despite your extraordinary talent and strength, you are still facing imminent death!” Anders couldn’t help but mock.
The renowned 10th-ranked expert from the Astonishing World List has personally entered the fray, supported by a formidable force of a hundred thousand elite soldiers from the outer city. Now, Logan faced a dire struggle, testing his concealed strengths in the heat of battle.
“Even if I die, I will take a piece of you with me!” Suddenly, Dustin raised his hand and shouted, “Celestial Blade!”
With a single phrase, a sudden torrent of black aura cascaded from the skies. Where it traversed, eerie echoes reverberated, slicing through the air like a spectral curtain. Its astounding speed left behind a lingering trail of ghostly afterimages.
When the black aura hovered above Dustin’s head, it emitted a faint resonance, carrying a formidable pressure as it descended.
Observing this, everyone instinctively took a step back and was cautious of its potential impact.
However, rather than dodge or evade, Dustin calmly seized the black aura. Only then did everyone discern its true form-it was indeed a black sword. The sword emanated a mysterious radiance, enveloped in an icy aura, and it was clearly not an ordinary weapon.
“Nice sword.” Nestor smiled faintly. ” But Your Grace, relying on this sword alone to break out of the encirclement might be quite challenging.”
“Whether I can or not, you’ll know soon enough.” Dustin slowly raised the sword, pointing it at Nestor, “Today, you’ll witness the power of the Celestial Blade!”
The black sword trembled, making a buzzing sound as if responding to something.
“Take him down.” Nestor gave the order without much explanation.
“Charge!” With a resounding and earth -shattering battle cry, the hundred thousand elite troops surged forward like waves, one wave after another, converging on Dustin.
The battle of life and death had officially begun. Meanwhile, a swordsman in white attire was soaring through the sky a hundred miles away, moving at an incredible speed, covering a hundred yards in a single step.
###Chapter 1660 by Marina Vittori
The swordman’s robe billowed, and he gave off an aura like no other. If a normal person saw him, they would immediately kneel and worship him.
Just as the white-robed swordsman was on his way, a white sword suddenly shot up from the ground and pierced straight into the sky. Then, it blocked his path as if declaring war.
“Who is blocking my way?” the swordsman dressed in white asked indifferently.
“I’ve long heard that your swordsmanship is unparalleled. Thus, I’ve specifically come and ask for your guidance.”
At this moment, a handsome young man with a bare upper body slowly ascended into the air. Eventually, he stood on the sword.
The person and sword faced Seth Hughes while in the air.
“Who are you?” Seth eyed him up and down.
“My name is Glenn Hadley from the Sword Union. I came all this way just to learn a few moves from you.” Glenn clasped his hands together in a respectful way.
“Glenn? The ambassador of the Sword Union?”
Seth narrowed his eyes in shock. “I’ve heard early on that the Sword Union has an extraordinary genius. After meeting you today, I believe you’re quite worthy of that reputation. You’ve already reached the realm of a grandmaster at such a young age. Perhaps even Dustin can’t beat you.”
“You’re too kind.” Glenn’s expression didn’t change.
“Glenn, I have something to do today. If you want some lessons, let’s do it some other time,” Seth replied indifferently.
“It might as well be today. Since I finally met you today, I hope you can give me some guidance.” Glenn was unmoved.
“That’s why you deliberately stopped me today? Did the Sword Union also become Dragon Guard’s underdog?” Seth’s expression turned dark.
“My actions have nothing to do with Sword Union or Dragon Guard. It’s just my own interest,” Glenn said very calmly. “I started practicing the sword at the age of three. Up to now, I have reached the peak of sword combat. Therefore, I want to know who’s sword is faster. Mine, or yours?”
“Although you’re quite capable, you’re still not a match for me. Even if you add your teacher, Cyrus, to the match, you guys still can’t beat me,” Seth said indifferently.
“I’m naturally not your match. I’m your junior, after all. What I’m here today is to learn about the sword. I heard that nobody in Astonishing World List can resist your sword. I would like to give it a try. Please show your sword.” Glenn clasped his hands again.
“I never draw my sword easily. However, I must see blood if I do. Can you handle this responsibility?” Seth questioned.
“It’s my honor if I can die by your sword.” Glenn’s expression remained the same.
“Okay! I won’t hold back since you already know you’re going to die.”
Seth also stretched out his sword finger and pointed it to the sky. “Unsheath!”
The Dragon Sparrow Sword at his back instantly shot out. It spiraled in the air for a few rounds before settling steadily before Seth.
“So, this is the number one sword in the world? Truly extraordinary!”
Watching the resplendent Dragon Sparrow Sword, a hint of joy finally appeared on Glenn’s calm face. His eyes were filled with enthusiasm. As a sword enthusiast, his lifelong pursuit was to collect ten famous swords in the world.
It was a shame that he only managed to collect six of them. The cultivation technique Glenn practiced was very peculiar. The more swords he had, the more capable he was.
If he could collect all ten famous swords in the world, his cultivation level would undoubtedly advance to another level.
“Glenn, watch carefully. This is the first move!”
Seth slowly pulled back his sword finger before suddenly thrusting it forward.
The Dragon Sparrow Sword emitted a light hum as it instantly transformed into a formidable sword aura. Then, it pierced toward Glenn with a terrifying force.
###Chapter 1661 by Marina Vittori
While Glenn was challenging Seth, Adam was about a hundred miles to the east of Quandary Mountain as he led an elite force toward it.
As it happened suddenly, he didn’t bring many troops. He only had 500 soldiers with him.
However, these 500 men were his bodyguards. Thus, they were extremely capable. Many martial experts were among them.
If he put all of them together, they would not be at a disadvantage even if they faced 10 thousand soldiers.
“Quick! Go quicker!”
“Hurry up. We need to make sure we can get to Scenic Monastery as soon as possible!” Adam kept urging while sitting in the car. He seemed very anxious,
When the two officials saw that, they felt a bit astonished.
After all, Adam was known to be stoic. No matter what he encountered, he could handle it calmly.
Thus, they wondered what had happened today for him to be so agitated.
“How’s Scarlet? Is there any news about her?” Adam suddenly asked.
“Ms. Spanner has been suddenly called on a mission by the patriarch. Thus, we can’t get ahold of her at that moment. However, we’ve already left a message for her to come to support us once she comes back,” a female official answered.
“What kind of mission is she doing? I bet those stubborn oldies are just trying to prevent her from coming!” Adam couldn’t help but scold.
It was obvious what the oldies were trying to do. After all, they had lured the most powerful fighter, Scarlet, away at such a critical moment.
It could be seen that the Spanner family consented for Dustin to be killed just so they wouldn’t offend the royals.
“Mr. Spanner, Mr. Rhys is a lucky man. I’m sure he’ll be fine. There’s no need to worry too much,” the female official consoled.
“This isn’t so simple. The entire Oakvale is in turmoil. Even the forces behind the royalties have started to make a move. If I didn’t guess wrongly, the bloodshed from ten years ago is about to replay itself!” Adam replied seriously.
“What? Is it that serious?” The two female officials were stunned. The bloodshed ten years ago in Oakvale was so chaotic that nobody dared to bring it up till now.
It was difficult to imagine how many people would die again if something similar happened.
“Buddy, you have to hold on. I’ll be there soon!” Adam furrowed his eyebrows. Unknowingly, his body had gone stiff.
Ten years ago, Adam was not of age yet. He couldn’t help Dustin as he had no power or influence. Thus, he could only watch as the bloodshed happened.
However, it was different now. He was capable and had enough confidence to fight against such an unfair world with Dustin.
Therefore, Adam had to ensure Dustin did not die no matter what. He was even willing to go as far as to lose his official position-just like how Dustin had protected him many years ago.
Just as Adam was extremely anxious, the car in front of them suddenly stopped.
The car behind them also braked.
“What’s the matter? Why did you suddenly stop?” Adam immediately asked through the walkie-talkie.
“Sergeant Spanner, a car is blocking the road in front. We can’t go through.” A response soon came from the walkie- talkie.
“Someone is blocking the road?”
Adam furrowed his eyebrows and got out of the car. Sure enough, they discovered that a large truck was blocking the road about 300 feet ahead. This caused the entire road to be blocked off.
Meanwhile, a man with a faceless mask stood atop the truck.
“Who are you? How dare you block my way?” Adam yelled.
“God of Military, the road ahead is restricted. It’s better for you to turn back,” the masked man replied indifferently.
“What if I don’t?” Adam’s gaze was boiling with anger.
“If you don’t listen to me, don’t say that we didn’t remind you,” the masked man answered.
“Well, I would like to see if you could really block me!” Adam waved his hand and yelled, “Kill him!”
As they were in a critical situation, Adam wouldn’t go easy on anyone who tried to block his way.
###Chapter 1662 by Marina Vittori
“Kill them!”
500 elite soldiers jumped down from the vehicles and rushed forward, charging into battle. Just then, the cargo truck’s compartments opened from the side. It was filled with people inside.
These individuals were clad in black combat gear, wore faceless masks, and brandished steel knives. As they had a powerful aura, it was obvious they were skilled martial artists.
“Go!”
When the man in the mask waved his knife on the top of the truck, the martial artists inside the car rushed toward Adam without hesitation.
The two parties soon engaged in a violent fight. Adam had more soldiers and horses, not to mention that they were well- trained. Thus, they seamlessly executed their attacks and defenses with astonishing momentum.
However, the masked assassins were also capable of fighting. There were five of them in a team. Not only did they exhibit seamless coordination, but they were also ferocious in their attacks.
Both sides engaged in intense back-and -forth combat for some time. This resulted in a deadlock as neither gained a clear advantage.
“Martial Arts Union?” Adam soon found out something after observing them for a while. It was obvious that these masked assassins were specially hand-picked martial artists.
If they only came from martial world’s sects, there was no way they could attack so in unison. Only those martial artists who had passed vigorous training could achieve such quality. In the entire Oakvale, only the Martial Arts Union had the capability and motive to do such a thing.
It seemed that things were even worse than Adam thought. After all, even an important organization such as the Martial Arts Union was mobilized for this incident.
Meanwhile, Scarlet led an elite team on a mission to eliminate bandits in the remote mountains 500 miles away.
Initially, she thought they would face some troubles. However, the bandits were like mice meeting a cat when they saw them.
Immediately, they abandoned their strongholds and escaped. It seemed that they didn’t want to fight back at all. Thus, Scarlet finished the mission without any injuries or casualties from her team.
“Madam Scarlet, the bandits have run away. We’ve also successfully taken down their base. We’re now going to proceed to count the spoils of our victory,” Georgia reported.
Standing before the stronghold’s wooden wall, Scarlet furrowed her delicate eyebrows. Her expression was completely devoid of joy.
“Madam, what’s wrong?” Georgia was puzzled.
“Something seems off.” After thinking for a while, Scarlet replied, “It seems way too successful. They don’t look like bandits at all.”
“Madam, perhaps the bandits were terrified as they heard of you before. That’s why they don’t dare to fight back,” Georgia explained.
“We had already blocked off all their telecommunication systems before coming. Plus, we had never exposed our identity before. How will they know about us?” Scarlet questioned back.
“This… is indeed weird.” Georgia nodded. After all, the bandits had run away before even giving out a fight. Compared to those ruthless and vicious bandits they had encountered before, they looked nothing like them.
Plus, there was no way they could engage in vicious bandit activities if they were so timid.
“Switch on our telecommunications systems and ask the clan elder what’s wrong,” Scarlet ordered.
“Yes!” Georgia answered and immediately started to take a move. However, an emergency message immediately rang out as the telecommunications systems were switched on. “Dustin is in danger! Come to Scenic Monastery immediately!”
Scarlet’s expression turned grim after hearing that message. “Immediately gather everyone and head to Scenic Monastery as soon as possible!” she quickly ordered.
“Wait for a moment! Goddess of War, our mission is to eliminate the bandits. Now that the bandits have escaped, we should chase after them instead of abandoning the mission!” an army supervisor immediately jumped out and scolded.
“What I do is none of your business. Get lost!” Scarlet’s expression turned indifferent.
“Madam, this is the clan elder’s orders. If you dare to defy, be prepared for my report when I return!” the army supervisor threatened loudly.
Scarlet raised her hand without uttering a word. Then, she drew her sword and beheaded the supervisor in front of everyone.
After that, she quickly left with her team.
###Chapter 1663 by Marina Vittori
At this moment, roars and screams rang out at the bottom of Quandary Mountain. Dustin wielded a sword and maneuvered through the hundred thousand soldiers. His sword was unstoppable wherever it went.
With each swing, a dozen or more soldiers fell into a pool of blood. However, the troops beside him didn’t reduce, no matter how many he killed. Instead, it got more and more.
They were like surging waves, coming one after another. By how they kept coming, they were like an endless tide. It would take several days to finish killing them even if the hundred thousand soldiers stood still and allowed themselves to be killed.
However, these hundred thousand soldiers were all elite equipped with armor and shields. That made the task of slaughtering them far from easy. Although Dustin was capable, he couldn’t kill a hundred thousand soldiers on his own.
Humans were not robots. It was impossible for them to keep killing so intensely. Dustin would use a bit of energy every time he swung his sword.
It might not be apparent how exhausted he was in the short term. However, Dustin would eventually get more exhausted, and his stamina would dwindle.
In the end, he would succumb to the overwhelming number of soldiers and die from exhaustion.
“Go on and keep killing them. I would love to see how long you can hold on!” A distance away, there was a sneer on Anders’ face as he watched them fight. He did not feel anything, as his soldiers were not the ones being killed.
By the strength Dustin showed during combat, killing 10 thousand people was probably his limit. Once he used up all his energy, he would be completely powerless.
“I didn’t expect his cultivation level to increase so much. The last time I saw him was a year ago, after all. What a bane!” Nestor mumbled with an indifferent expression. With Dustin’s talent, he would be undefeatable a few more years down the road.
“Kill him! Go and kill him!” the eight commanders ordered the soldiers to charge forward relentlessly. It seemed that they weren’t scared of death at all.
They had received strict orders from their superiors to complete the mission at any cost. This also included no matter how many lives were sacrificed.
In the midst of the intense battle, a white mist suddenly appeared in the distant mountain forest. As the wind blew, the mist rapidly spread. In just a few short minutes, the mist had reached the battlefield. Then, it slowly infiltrated into the crowd.
“That’s weird. The sun is shining right now. Why would mist appear?” The surviving martial artists from the sects couldn’t help but be confused when they saw the swirling mist around them.
“There’s no need to feel strange. Phenomena like this often occur in deep mountain forests,” the middle- aged man replied calmly.
“Wait! This mist .. is kind of strange!” At this moment, a beautiful woman from the Skyshadow Sect immediately furrowed her eyebrows after taking a breath.
“What do you mean?” a white-haired elderly from Stormfire Order tried to ask.
“The forest is so big, yet this mist is coming directly toward us. What’s more, I smell a faint fragrance within this mist. Someone must be intentionally behind this mist!” said the beautiful woman with a serious expression.
“Someone is behind this … Do you mean that this mist is poisonous?” The white-haired elderly’s expression changed.
“It could be.” The beautiful woman nodded. Suddenly, she reacted and ordered, ” Quick! Go and inform Mr. Mosey to be careful of the mist!”
Just as she finished talking, something suddenly happened. Several weaker disciples from the Skyshadow Sect suddenly felt dizzy, and their limbs went weak.
After a few unsteady steps, they collapsed to the ground with a thud. Everyone’s expression turned grim when they saw that. Not having time to even think, they immediately sat down and controlled their breaths to expel the poison.
Those who had access to Curax immediately took one to avoid any unforeseen circumstances.
There was no room for carelessness as this was a matter of life and death.
###Chapter 1664 by Marina Vittori
Not long after the female martial artists fell to the ground, a few more also fainted. Moreover, this situation was spreading rapidly and was irreversible.
In the back, the soldiers standing in the back who first inhaled the white mist fell one after another like a row of toppling dominoes. A large number of soldiers displayed symptoms of poisoning. Plus, they were completely defenseless against it.
It seemed like a hurricane sweeping through fallen leaves where the white mist passed. Nearly half of the hundred -thousand-strong army had collapsed in just a few minutes.
“What happened? Why did the people at the back fall?”
The eight commanders soon noticed that something was off. They couldn’t help but feel shocked.
“There’s poison in the mist! Be careful, everyone!” a soldier yelled out. However, it was too late. More and more soldiers got poisoned and fell to the ground. There were no signs of stopping. If this continued to happen, they would be fighting a losing battle.
“Quick! Get them to take the detoxifying pills!” the eight commanders roared in unison. The medical team would usually have some detoxifying pills stored.
However, the supply of pills they had was nothing compared to the amount of soldiers they needed to cure. There was no time to consider all those, though. The top priority right now was to save as many soldiers as possible.
“Why did this happen? Why would such poisonous mist appear out of nowhere? Who is behind this?” Anders furrowed his brows and looked around.
As it was too chaotic, he couldn’t find out anything.
“Perhaps Dustin has a helper?” Nestor narrowed his eyes. A hint of viciousness appeared on his face. The poison in the white mist was mild. Thus, it didn’t have much effect on capable martial artists.
However, it was very effective for those armed soldiers. It was possible that 90 percent of the soldiers would faint after a few minutes. If that happened, their human wave strategy would fail.
“Get up!” Finally, Nestor couldn’t help but speak up. At that, his body trembled. Then, a ray of golden light shot out of his body.
The golden light seemed to be alive. It rapidly took shape and expanded. In the blink of an eye, it transformed into a huge Angry Ironfist.
Nestor suddenly roared. Angry Ironfist behind him also opened its mouth, emitting an earth-shattering lion’s roar.
Following that was a strong hurricane. The strong hurricane swept forward while being empowered by the sound waves. Wherever it passed by, the white mist was blown away. It mirrored a wind dispersing the clouds.
Nestor made a breakthrough and turned the losing situation around. Everyone couldn’t help but wonder that this was the capability of the martial artists ranked tenth on the Astonishing World List.
Nestor had dispersed half the overwhelming white mist just by a loud roar. Thus, he effortlessly got through the deadly situation.
His capability was extremely shocking.
“Who is playing games over here? Come out if you dare!” Nestor suddenly yelled. As there was a special sound wave in his voice, it soon spread throughout the entire mountain. It was also accompanied by a lingering echo.
It was so loud that birds started to scatter in all directions.
“You’re just a monarchy’s underdog! You’d better leave with your men right now. Otherwise, we’ll all die here!” a woman’s crisp voice rang out.
After that, a colossal black eagle shot out from a distance away, moving at an incredible speed.
As everyone fixed their gaze, they saw a young woman seated on the back of the giant eagle.
The person who managed to arrive was Abigail!
###Chapter 1665 by Marina Vittori
While riding the black eagle, Abigail circled on top of everyone. Her indifferent gaze was staring at the crowd below. As Nestor had acted in time, the poison mist only managed to affect half of them.
However, it was not difficult for her to poison the rest of them with her skills. The Mystic Arts Order was not afraid of human wave strategy at all.
“Abigail?” Dustin felt stunned when he saw the young woman riding the eagle. He did not expect her to arrive the soonest out of his other disciples.
“Sir, are you okay?” Abigail asked in mid-air.
“I’m fine. I can still hold on,” Dustin answered with a smile. While saying that, he took out a tablet and ate it. He depleted a lot of energy from his battle just now. Thus, he needed to replenish his energy and stamina.
Thankfully, he always had some tablets on him. That way, he could use them to replenish his lack of stamina.
“Young woman, who are you? How dare you stir up trouble over here?” Nestor asked while tilting his head.
“Are you trying to get something out of me? Do you think I’m stupid? You old thing, I’m going to repeat this. You’d better leave with your men right now. Otherwise, I’ll send all of you to hell once I pour poison on you!” Abigail sneered.
“You’re quite arrogant despite your young age! Do you know who we are?” Nestor’s expression was grim.
“That’s none of my business. However, I’ll poison you deaf if you continue blabbing!” Abigail screeched.
“How dare you!” Nestor was infuriated.
Then, he lifted his hand and slammed it toward the air.
A golden palm shadow instantly shot out, tearing through the sky. It was directly aimed at the giant black eagle Abigail was riding.
Just as it was about to hit its target, a white sword light cut in from the side. Then, it viciously slashed the golden palm.
A huge explosion sounded.
The sword’s light and golden palm exploded with a resounding sound. Then, it turned into scattered rays of light and dissipated.
The person behind the sword attack was naturally Dustin.
“How dare you try to sabotage me! How shameless!” Seeing that things were unfavorable, Abigail controlled the eagle to fly higher. While doing so, she took out a black ball and threw it down. “I’ll poison you all to death!” she scolded.
The black ball landed on the ground extremely fast. Then, it exploded right away.
Instantly, a vast amount of black mist gushed out like a flood. Instantly, it covered an area of about 300 feet in diameter and continued to expand.
When the soldiers came into contact with the black mist, their skin started to rot and peel off.
Not only would their flesh be peeled off, but their clothes and armory would also be eroded by the black mist.
One could only shudder at how potent the black mist was.
“Ah!”
“My body! It’s melting!”
“Save me! Someone, please save me!”
Screams and moans sounded at where the black mist passed. The armed soldiers fell to the ground and rolled around painfully.
The corrosion of this poison was more unbearable than torture. This was especially because fear would be instilled in one’s heart when they saw how the others were affected by the black mist.
“Quick! Move away! Don’t touch the black mist!” The rest of the survivors fearfully distanced themselves from the poisonous mist. They were afraid of the slightest contamination of the black mist.
###Chapter 1666 by Marina Vittori
The black mist bomb that Abigail had just dropped was way more potent than the white mist she had created.
The white mist was a slow poison. Once one was poisoned by it, their limbs would go weak, and they would faint. If they managed to get help in time, there was still a chance for them to live.
However, the blast mist was different. It had a potent erosion effect. It could turn a human being into a corpse in just seconds.
Plus, it would be the disfigured and bloody type of corpse.
“What a troublemaker!” Anders gritted his teeth when he saw Abigail in the air. A poisonous bomb that could kill soldiers within a 300 feet radius-it was terrifying how lethal the bomb was. Nobody would be able to survive if she threw a couple more down.
“So? Do you know how capable I am now? Oldie, get away now if you know what’s good for you. Otherwise, I promise you’ll be dead meat once I throw a few more down!” While riding the eagle, Abigail yelled from above.
While saying that, she took out a few more black balls. Then, she waved it threateningly. At that, the soldiers were so scared that they scattered away to find somewhere to hide.
However, there wasn’t any suitable place for them to avoid the poisonous mist in the wilderness. The hiding spots they found were merely just to comfort themselves.
“Mr. Wilkins, what should we do now? Should we retreat?” A commander ran over, sweating. His face was filled with fear. If they were up against Dustin, they could continue attacking as they were more in numbers.
However, Abigail’s bombs were too poisonous. They couldn’t even see her, but they had lost a considerable number of soldiers. Plus, all of them had died in such miserable ways.
It was truly overwhelming. He had trained all the soldiers himself. Thus, he couldn’t bear to see them sacrifice for nothing.
“Retreat?” Nestor shot him an indifferent look. “Our superior’s order is to kill Dustin no matter what. Are you guys planning to be a deserter?”
“Mr. Wilkins, we’re not planning on escaping. We just want to avoid the danger temporarily. It’s not too late to execute the mission once we find a way to detoxify the poison,” the commander explained.
“A young woman has caused a hundred thousand troops to run away. What will happen to your reputation and the reputations of the other seven commanders if this gets out? What about the royal family’s dignity?” Nestor retorted.
“Well, what do you think we should do then? We can’t let them sacrifice themselves just like that, right?” The commander was distressed. They couldn’t proceed or retreat. The commander wondered what he should do.
“Our superiors have made it clear that we cannot retreat even if all our soldiers died!” Nestor’s gaze was hostile.
“Huh?” The commander was stunned when he heard that. It seemed that they were just treated as cannon fodder. After all, they couldn’t retreat even if all of them died!
“There are times when military orders ought not to be followed. I can’t just watch my friends die in vain, so I have to go against your orders!” The commander clasped his fists. Without further ado, he turned and left.
At the same time, he shouted, ” Everyone from the Red Letter Camp, listen to my command. Retreat!”
“You deserve to die by escaping and causing chaos in the army!” Nestor suddenly reached out to the commander’s neck and gripped it hard.
A crisp sound sounded. The commander’s neck broke on the spot. His entire head was also torn off, and blood sprayed in all directions. The headless body trembled slightly before collapsing to the ground with a loud thud.
“Anyone who dares to disobey my orders will end up like him!” Nestor held the commander’s head and threw it to the army.
The gruesome scene caused everyone’s expression to turn grim. None of them dared to say anything. Not only would they be killed if they retreat right now, but they would also be shamefully labeled as deserters.
Plus, they would lose their pension and drag their family down. Thus, they didn’t have a choice right now. They had to fight with all their might, even if they ended up dying!
###Chapter 1667 by Marina Vittori
After stabilizing everyone, Nestor’s gaze turned to the sky. “Brat, I don’t believe that the poison in your hand can kill everyone here. If you’re really that capable, go ahead,” he sneered.
“What? You don’t even care about your subordinate’s lives?” Abigail furrowed her eyebrows.
She did have different kinds of poison with her. However, she didn’t have much of each.
She only had three of the corrosive poison she had thrown down just now. Even if she dumped all of them, she couldn’t eliminate all the enemies.
That was why she threw out different kinds of threats to make them back off. However, she didn’t expect Nestor to be so vicious. He didn’t care about his subordinates’ lives at all.
“All of them are brave soldiers who aren’t afraid of death. I’m sure they’ll be willing to sacrifice themselves just to complete the mission,” Nestor replied calmly.
“That’s right! What a troublemaker! You’d better not poke your head into this. If you know what’s best for you, you should leave immediately! Otherwise, you’ll be dead meat today!” Anders shouted.
“What a bunch of heartless people! Since you guys want to die so badly, don’t mind if I do!” Abigail’s expression was indifferent. Without further ado, she dumped the three poisonous bombs down to Nestor and the rest.
She was sure the soldiers would give up as long as she killed the ringleaders, Nestor and Anders. After all, the soldiers only listened to their orders.
“Mr. Wilkins, dodge!” Anders’ expression changed when he saw the bombs raining down. He quickly backed away, fearful to come into contact with it.
Although martial artists’ energy could defend against all poison, he didn’t dare to risk it. Anders had seen the miserable state the soldiers were in.
If his energy failed to block the poison, he would be disfigured at best when the poison landed on him. Moreover, there was a chance that his flesh would rot.
Nestor sneered and didn’t dodge. The huge Angry Ironfist emerged again. Then, it waved its humongous hand and slammed it on the three poisonous bombs.
The three poison gas bombs were like ping pong balls being smashed. They instantly flew several feet away and exploded loudly in the crowd. Instantly, a massive amount of black mist erupted once again.
A few thousand armed soldiers were engulfed in the black mist. Screams, moans, and calls for help resounded. Those who got poisoned ran around everywhere. Those who didn’t were scared of getting involved and quickly backed away.
Soon, the battlefield was in a mess.
After the terrifying experience just now, a lot of soldiers had lost their will to fight. They couldn’t help but shudder in fear.
Although they were well-trained, they were still human. Therefore, they would feel afraid and have all kinds of negative emotions.
Compared to being poisoned to death helplessly, they would rather face the enemy head-on and have their blood splatter on the battlefields.
“Let’s see how much you can block!” Abigail didn’t give up. With a wave of her hands, a row of white beads appeared between her fingers.
Then, she forcefully threw them downward.
The white beads exploded before they even hit the ground. A huge amount of white mist gushed out. In the blink of an eye, the white mist covered an area of several hundred feet in radius and blocked everyone’s sight.
Although the white mist was less potent than the black mist, it had a more significant amount and a wide coverage area.
“Sir, go now!” Taking advantage of the confusion caused by the black and white poison mists, Abigail rode the black giant eagle and dove down from a high altitude. After that, she headed straight toward Dustin.
She had used up most of the poison she had. Thus, the best choice was to escape along with Dustin.
Seeing Abigail swooping down, Dustin was quick to react. He soared into the air with a single leap and landed steadily on the giant eagle’s back.
“Blackie! Leave here- now!” Abigail patted the eagle’s back. The giant eagle cried, and its massive wings flapped vigorously. In an instant, it soared higher and swiftly flew away.
“Nice! We’re finally safe!” Abigail looked thrilled.
###Chapter 1668 by Marina Vittori
When Dustin and Abigail turned around to look, they realized Nestor and the others were still struggling in the white mist. The latter couldn’t even tell where they were.
“Be careful!” At this moment, Dustin’s expression suddenly changed. Then, he shielded Abigail. The true energy in his body oozed out, forming a Black Tortoise Shield.
In the next second, a black arrow shot across the sky. With lightning speed, it pierced through the body of the giant eagle. However, it didn’t stop until it collided with the Black Tortoise Shield.
A deafening sound resounded in the air. The Black Tortoise Shield exploded on the spot. The massive impact caused Dustin and Abigail to be blown away.
Meanwhile, the eagle that had gotten shot in the chest didn’t even manage to cry. It died on the spot and fell from the sky.
“Blackie!” Abigail cried out.
The black eagle was not only the transportation of the Mystic Arts Order’s Grand Sorceress but also a heirloom left behind by Abigail’s mother.
Abigail loved it very much, even becoming friends with the eagle. She didn’t expect that it would die today.
The sound of something cutting through the air was heard. The second black arrow was shot out of the woods and headed straight toward the duo.
This shot was even faster and fiercer, with an indestructible force. Wherever the arrow passed by, the air would become distorted.
“Celestial Blade!” Dustin pointed his finger forward. Instantly, Celestial Blade unsheathed and transformed into a black light. Then, it collided heavily with the arrow.
Another loud bang sounded.
Dustin’s Celestial Blade was blown several feet backward as the black arrow exploded and spun in the air.
“How powerful!” Dustin’s expression turned serious. His Celestial Blade was known to be indestructible and could break anything it met.
However, Celestial Blade had almost lost control and was blown away by a single arrow. It seemed that the person who shot the arrow was extremely powerful!
“Who’s the one secretly shooting the arrows? Show yourself!” Dustin shouted toward the woods. The sound of laughter could be heard. A well-dressed, middle-aged, skinny man suddenly jumped up. Then, he landed steadily on a tree’s leaf.
His body was as light as a feather, swaying with the wind.
There was no trace of human energy leaking from his whole body. It was as if he had merged with the earth, making it impossible to discern if he was real or just an illusion.
“You’re the one who killed Blackie just now?” Abigail asked through gritted teeth. Her face was filled with fury.
“It’s just a low-life. What’s dead is dead,” the well-dressed middle-aged man replied indifferently.
“How dare you kill Blackie! I want your life!”
Abigail roared in anger and was about to avenge Blackie. However, Dustin reached out and stopped her, “Don’t act impulsively! This person is no ordinary foe!”
“Hahaha… Your Grace, we finally meet again after ten years,” the well-dressed middle-aged man said with a smile.
“Who are you?” Dustin questioned lowly.
“Cesar, Cesar Fent.” The well-dressed middle-aged man cupped his hands.
“You’re Cesar Fent?” Dustin widened his eyes. His expression became more solemn.
Cesar was a mighty Ultimate Grandmaster and also the Head of Martial Arts Union.
Plus, he was ranked number eight on the Astonishing World List!
###Chapter 1669 by Marina Vittori
Dustin’s heart dropped when he saw the man smiling innocently in front of him.
Nestor was already difficult to deal with. He didn’t expect Cesar to pop up.
After all, Cesar had been in command of the Martial Artist Union for many years. Not only was he extremely skilled, but he was ruthless.
All unions needed to listen to Cesar’s command. The Martial Artist Union would oppress those who didn’t. In severe cases, their unions might even be eliminated.
“It looks like you still remember me. What an honor.” Cesar had a fake smile on his face.
“I didn’t expect the Head of Martial Arts Union to come over. It looks like Dragon Guard wants to kill me desperately!” Dustin started to gather his energy slowly.
Dustin had only just become an ultimate grandmaster. Thus, he wasn’t confident about going against experienced ultimate grandmasters like Cesar.
Now, he could only fight back with all his might.
“You shouldn’t have come to Oakvale alone. Without the protection of the three great generals of the Rhys family, you’re just waiting to be slaughtered,” Cesar said with a smile.
“I’m not that easy to kill.”
With a wave of his hand, Dustin summoned Celestial Blade. It flew several feet and landed steadily in his hand.
“Resisting is just futile for you. You should preserve your dignity. If you end your life right now, you can suffer a bit less,” Cesar sneered.
“Stop spouting nonsense! You have to go through me first if you wanna kill him!”
Abigail suddenly stepped forward. Black energy oozed out, and a phantom of a black phoenix was formed, hovering above her.
The black phoenix was vivid and majestic, exuding a formidable aura. A black flame would emerge between its flapping wings. It looked particularly terrifying.
“What?” When Cesar saw that, he furrowed his eyebrows in shock. “I didn’t expect you to have a cultivation level of ultimate grandmaster. I didn’t know that Dragonmarsh has such a genius like you.”
“Cut the crap!” Abigail glared at him.
“However “Cesar seemed to realize something.
“Your cultivation level is unstable. I don’t think you achieved this level by cultivating. It seems like you have inherited it.
“You have the Phoenix bloodline and are skilled in voodoo skills. If I’m not wrong, you’re the Mystic Arts Order’s Grand Sorceress.”
“So what?” Abigail didn’t deny it even when her identity was exposed. She decided to admit it instead. ” Asshole! Dustin is my master. If anything happens to him, I’ll kill everyone in Oakvale!”
After hearing that, Cesar laughed again. “Kid, it seems like you don’t understand what’s going on. Dustin is considered a traitor to the nation.
“If you dare to help him, you’ll be going against the entire Dragonmarsh. Can you bear the consequences of that?”
“I don’t care what the consequences are! I’ll kill anyone along with their family if they dare to hurt my master!” Abigail shouted.
Cesar shook his head. “How stubborn! It seems like I would need to teach Mystic Arts Order a lesson. That way, you guys will know who the leader of Dragonmarsh is.”
“Do you think I’m scared of you?”
Abigail was unfazed by his threats. The Mystic Arts Order’s headquarters were located in a forest. It was filled with dangers, making it easy for them to defend when their enemies attacked.
Regardless of how big of an army they brought, it was a one-way ticket for anyone who dared to intrude into Mystic Arts Order’s territory.
“Mr. Fent, you came just in time.” At this moment, Nestor walked out of the white mist. Then, he appeared behind Dustin and Abigail and chirped, “These two were extremely cunning and almost got away.
“Why don’t we join forces and eliminate the threat as soon as possible to avoid future trouble? What do you think?”
“Mr. Wilkins, you’re the unrivaled master within the palace gates. Can’t you even handle two kids like them?” Nestor had a half-smile.
“That’s just a title. I’m nothing compared to you. Plus, the most important task today is to complete the mission. We can’t afford anything to happen,” Nestor said humbly.
“Since you said that, you should make the first move. I’ll stand by and cover for you.” However, Cesar was unmoved.
###Chapter 1670 by Marina Vittori
Nestor furrowed his eyebrows at Cesar’s words. However, he soon relaxed his face and replied indifferently, “Okay. Anything you say, Mr. Fent.”
Although he wasn’t satisfied with Cesar’s indifference, dealing with Dustin and Abigail with his skills was not a problem. He would only need to use minimal effort to deal with them.
“Your Grace, you’re doomed! Go to hell! “Before Nestor finished speaking, he transformed into a shadow and darted toward Dustin.
“Keep an eye on me, Abigail! I’ll deal with this jerk myself!”
With a Celestial Blade in his hand, Dustin faced Nestor head-on. Their battle had been arranged a year ago. Today, they would use this chance to fulfill their long-awaited battle!
The two figures soon intertwined, and their fierce battle started.
Dustin had excellent swordsmanship, which he inherited from the Sword Whisperer. With the Celestial Blade, his attacks were much more vicious and deadly.
On the other hand, Nestor cultivated Angry Ironfist. It was a top-tier defensive technique.
Once mastered, the martial artist would be unharmed against anything, including blades. The Ironfist Statue would also protect them, almost making them invincible.
Most importantly, Nestor remained a virgin all this time. Thus, he had preserved his masculine essence and could master Angry Ironfist to its pinnacle.
Even with Dustin’s Celestial Blade, breaking through Nestor’s defenses would be difficult. When Dustin was engaged in a ferocious battle with Nestor, Abigail focused on dealing with Cesar. Although both were ultimate grandmasters, she reached her cultivation level due to Phoenix Energy.
She was considered skillful. However, she couldn’t fully master the skills, and it hadn’t been long since she had inherited them.
It wasn’t a problem for her to deal with ordinary ultimate grandmasters. However, she didn’t have any confidence when faced with experts like Cesar, who was also on the Astonishing World List.
Of course, she wouldn’t surrender even though she knew she couldn’t defeat him. If she ran away, Dustin would be up against two. That meant he would be fighting a losing battle!
“Kid, you’re going to fight me?” Cesar lifted an eyebrow.
“Is there a problem?” Abigail’s expression was indifferent.
Cesar laughed at her confidence. “How brave of you. Alright. I’ll give you a chance today. If you can defend against three of my shots, I’ll spare your life.” Cesar smiled.
“It’s uncertain who’s going to die yet!” Abigail mocked.
“This is the first shot. Get ready.”
Cesar’s lips curled into a playful smile. At the same time, he mimicked the action of drawing a bow.
Oddly enough, he didn’t have a bow and arrow in his hand. However, a black bow appeared out of nowhere as he drew a bow.
On the taut bowstring, there was even a sharp arrow emitting a sharp glint.
When Cesar loosened his grip, the black arrow immediately shot forward. Then, it soared toward Abigail, echoing like thunder.
Abigail’s eyes widened, and she immediately jumped to the side to dodge the incoming attack.
However, just as she dodged, the black arrow suddenly curved and hit Abigail in the chest. It was as if it had a mind of its own.
A huge explosion sounded.
Abigail was instantly sent flying over several feet. Finally, she crashed into a large rock. Her face was pale as she spat out blood.
###Chapter 1671 by Marina Vittori
“How could this happen?” Abigail clutched her chest and furrowed her eyebrows.
The arrow was too fast for her eyes to follow. Although she managed to dodge it, she didn’t expect the arrow to curve when traveling so fast.
The arrow had hit her chest without any warning. If she hadn’t worn the protective amulet her grandmother gifted her, she would have been dead!
As number eight on the Astonishing World List, Casper was indeed powerful.a
“Not bad. The Phoenix bloodline can actually withstand my attacks. Interesting.” Casper smiled. “However, I still have two more shots. Let’s see how you can block them.”
While saying that, Casper once again mimicked the gesture of drawing a bow. The black bow and arrow slowly materialized in his hands, entirely formed from his internal energy.
It was obvious that Cesar’s mastery of his internal energy had reached a profound level. He didn’t need any weapon. He could use his internal energy to make all kinds of weapons as he wished.
“Next up, the second shot!” Cesar released the arrow. The bowstring, made from his spiritual energy, instantly shot the arrow. Then, the arrow transformed into a bolt of black lightning and flew toward Abigail again.
“Phoenix!” Abigail shouted. The energy within her started to stir. Then, a black Phoenix emerged and collided head-on with Cesar’s arrow.
The eyes of the black phoenix were crimson, and flames surrounded its body. It created a gust of wind with a flap of its wings. The phoenix exuded a majestic and imposing presence.
A huge explosion sounded.
When the black arrow and phoenix collided, a ferocious black wave exploded. Whatever the black wave touched would be destroyed and disintegrated.
Whether it was plants or rocks, nothing could stand against it. Instantly, they crumbled into dust. With a groan, the black wave sent Abigail flying a few feet away. She crashed onto the floor and spat out blood. This time, she didn’t have the energy to even stand up.
There was a huge difference in the two’s strength. Abigail had just become an ultimate grandmaster, while Cesar was a fully developed divine-level martial artist.
There was a three-level difference between them. Thus, Abigail didn’t stand a chance at all.
“It was smart of you to use your Phoenix bloodline to block my second arrow. However, how are you going to fight against the third?”
With an indifferent expression, Cesar drew a bow again. Abigail might as well be dead in his eyes. Although he felt that it was a shame to kill her, he would rather kill any disobedient martial artist like her. This way, he could prevent any troubles in the future.
At that, Cesar shot out the third arrow without hesitation. The arrow flew toward Abigail with immense power. Abigail was utterly hopeless. She slumped on the ground, powerless to fight back.
She didn’t expect she would die there. She had experienced so many difficulties and was just about to reach the peak of her career.
She didn’t know she would meet a top martial artist like Cesar here. She couldn’t believe her rotten luck!
Abigail turned and looked at Dustin. She smiled bitterly as she watched Dustin fight. “Sir, it’s time to say goodbye.”
Just as Abigail was prepared to die, a dragon soared above her head. Suddenly, the golden dragon swooped down from the sky and blocked the arrow from Abigail at the last minute.
An explosion sounded.
The black arrow that Cesar shot out had exploded.
The golden dragon also dispersed, revealing the item inside it. It was a sword emitting golden radiance. The sword was suspended vertically in mid-air like a shield. It hovered before Abigail, protecting her against all attacks.
There were two words carved on the sword’s body-Dragon Sparrow!
“I-I’m not dead?”
Abigail was both stunned and thrilled. However, her attention was soon drawn to the Dragon Sparrow Sword.
She wondered who could block Cesar’s full blow with just a sword.
###Chapter 1672 by Marina Vittori
“Dragon Sparrow Sword?” When Cesar saw the sword hovering in the air, his eyes narrowed. The smile on his face instantly dropped as he turned serious.
Dragon Sparrow Sword was the top sword in the world. The person who owned it was the most prominent swordsman, the Sword Whisperer- Seth!
“Why don’t you show yourself, Mr. Hughes?” Cesar looked up and scanned his surroundings. His voice was like a resounding bell, echoing far into the distance.
Soon, a man in white slowly emerged from the clouds. Finally, he stood on a rock and stared at Cesar.
The man who was the Sword Whisperer -Seth!
When Seth appeared, it was as if an immortal had descended onto Earth. Although he didn’t look harmless, everyone was immediately drawn to him. Even Dustin and Nestor, who were engaged in a fierce battle, stopped fighting.
“Uncle Seth?” Dustin couldn’t help but feel thrilled when he saw him. Seth was the most capable out of the three great generals of the Rhys family. He was also the one who taught Dustin sword techniques.
Although Seth was not his master, he taught Dustin his sword techniques. In a sense, Abigail was also considered Seth’s disciple.
“Why did this weirdo show up?” Nestor furrowed his eyebrows. His expression had turned grim. The Sword Whisperer, Seth, was third on the Astonishing World List. No one could beat his sword skills.
Plus, nobody was able to survive three of his sword attacks consecutively. With Seth’s capability, Cesar and Nestor couldn’t beat him even if they worked together.
“You’ve come all this way, Mr. Hughes. I feel like I’m not respecting you for not welcoming you properly,” Cesar said with a fake smile.
“Cesar, you’re already quite old. Don’t you feel shameful to bully a young woman like her? If you have the courage, fight with me.
“I’ll only use three moves. If you can block them, I’ll spare your life,” Seth replied indifferently. Cesar’s eyes twitched at Seth’s taunt. He said the exact same thing to Abigail just now. Just now, Cesar had shown absolute disregard toward Abigail. His tone was disdainful with a hint of mockery.
“Although you’re the Sword Whisperer and extremely capable, I’m not weak either. You’re too arrogant to think you can beat me with three attacks!” Cesar sneered.
Both of them were on the Astonishing World List. Although there was a difference in their ranking, there was still a possibility that Cesar could win.
“Since you’re not convinced, should we give it a try?” Seth was unfazed.
“Okay! Let me see the skills of the Sword Whisperer firsthand!” A glint flashed in Cesar’s eyes as he started to gather the energy.
“The first move, Sevenbane.” Seth didn’t waste time and immediately pointed his sword upward.
Dragon Sparrow Sword instantly shot 300 feet into the sky. Then, the sword tip turned and aimed at Cesar on the ground.
Then, Seth pointed his sword finger downward. In the air, Dragon Sparrow Sword immediately emitted a dazzling golden light. Then, the golden light rapidly spread, forming a 30-foot-long golden giant sword. The giant sword soared toward Cesar like a missile.
“W-What?” Cesar’s eyes widened in shock. He immediately mimicked the motion of drawing a bow. Then, he shot out a black arrow.
The black arrow shot upward to the sky. Then, it forcefully collided with the golden giant sword.
A loud explosion echoed as the black arrow exploded on the spot. Meanwhile, the golden giant sword was unscathed and headed straight toward Cesar.
Cesar’s expression turned grim. Then, he immediately gathered all his internal energy and formed a thick protective sphere on his head.
A huge explosion could be heard. The huge golden sword collided with Cesar’s protective sphere. The strong impact caused a crater to be formed where Cesar stood.
The initially indestructible protective sphere instantly started to crack. The cracks caused Cesar to tremble in fear.
If the protective sphere shattered and the sword struck onto his head, he would die immediately.
###Chapter 1673 by Marina Vittori
Cesar roared as he gathered his strength, knowing he would lose if he did nothing. The internal energy inside of him oozed out like a tide. It kept reinforcing the protective sphere and repairing the cracks.
However, the golden blade grew stronger and stronger. The repaired cracks would appear once again.
Cesar felt that a mountain was weighing down on him. He would be crushed to death if he couldn’t bear the weight.
At this moment, he finally realized how scary Seth’s ability was.
“Boundless Zen! Borrowing the power of earth and heaven!” Seeing that he couldn’t hold on for any longer, Cesar used his energy and blood to summon a mysterious technique.
A vortex suddenly appeared on the surface of the protective shield when he stomped his feet. The vortex started to absorb the golden sword’s terrifying strength rapidly.
When the vortex absorbed enough power, it started to radiate golden light. Cesar gritted his teeth and pushed it upward.
“Break!” he yelled.
The golden sword suddenly started to buzz. It exploded with a pop, turning into specks of lights and dissipating.
The actual Dragon Sparrow Sword inside immediately flew back and hovered before Seth. Although Cesar managed to force the sword to retreat, he was exhausted. He was sweating profusely and panting heavily. He even felt weak in his knees.
The sword technique was way too terrifying. If Cesar hadn’t used the mysterious technique to absorb the power of the giant sword and rebound it, he might not have been able to withstand it.
“What? Are you tired already? I was just warming up.” Seth’s expression was indifferent. He lifted his hand and pointed forward. “The second sword. Kill the enemy.”
Dragon Sparrow Sword let out a buzz. Immediately, rays of golden light shot out from it. The golden light quickly transformed and took the shape of a golden dragon.
The golden dragon roared. Then, it charged toward Cesar fiercely.
“Boundless Zen! Borrowing the power of earth and heaven!” Cesar was shocked. Immediately, he used his mysterious technique again. He tried to absorb the golden dragon’s energy and rebound it.
However, the situation this time was completely different. When the golden dragon crashed through Cesar’s protective sphere, it shattered like glass. It couldn’t stand against the attack at all.
Meanwhile, the energy vortex summoned by the mysterious technique only managed to absorb some of the golden dragon’s energy. Then, it could no longer take the burden and collapsed.
“What?” Cesar was scared out of his wits. At such a critical point, he could only cross his arms over his chest. He decided to resist the blow with his body. A loud explosion sounded.
Under the golden dragon’s impact, Cesar flew several feet into the sky like a bullet fired from a gun. Then, he slammed into a rock.
The once sturdy rock had a human- sized indent from the impact. Cesar was pale, and blood flowed from his mouth and nose. It was a horrifying sight to see.
“Nice one!” Abigail couldn’t help but cheer. She didn’t expect the imposing and arrogant Cesar to be in such a miserable state after being beaten up. She wondered who the man they referred to as Mr. Hughes was.
“We’re doomed!” When Nestor saw that from afar, his expression turned grim.
Compared to ten years ago, Seth had become more powerful.
Cesar was the Head of the Martial Arts Union. However, he couldn’t even take two of Seth’s attacks. It was obvious how much stronger Seth was than Cesar.
“This is the third attack. Greedy wolf.” Seth stared at Cesar indifferently and lifted his hand. Dragon Sparrow Sword floated in the air again. Then, it emitted a breathtaking sword aura.
In an instant, the weather changed. The wind and clouds surged, and even the air became heavy.
Countless debris and fallen leaves flew toward the Dragon Sparrow Sword, surrounding it. All of them were resonating with the sword.
###Chapter 1674 by Marina Vittori
Although the sword was still gathering power to unleash its attack, it already emitted a destructive power. It was obvious that the power of this attack was more fierce and terrifying than the last two.
Cesar was so scared that he shook like a leaf. Goosebumps started to appear on his body. Cesar was overwhelmed with the fear of death.
“Why are you guys still hiding? Quickly come out and help!” Cesar used all his might to scream.
His voice was like thunder. It rang throughout the mountains. Just as he finished shouting, a blue figure suddenly emerged from the north. Then, he rushed toward them at an incredible speed.
At the same time, a black figure jumped out from the woods in the north. He turned into a dark mist and drifted over.
As the blue figure approached, everyone realized he was a handsome middle-aged man. The man held a sword with an indifferent expression, exuding a chilling aura. Wherever he went, the plants around him would freeze.
Even the ground he stepped on would be frozen for a radius of 300 feet. This made it impossible for anyone to approach him.
As for the black figure, nobody could see its appearance. They could only see a swirling black mist around the figure. None of them could tell if the figure was a man or a female.
“Oh my goodness! Isn’t that Frostbane Citadel’s Guildmaster, Frost Bane? Why is he here?”
“What? Frost? Isn’t he number seven on the Astonishing World List?”
“Not only is Frost here, but the figure with the black mist should be the Bounty League Leader! He’s number nine on the Astonishing World List, Elder Shade!”
“There’s the unrivaled master within the palace gates, Nestor, followed by the Head of Martial Arts Union, Cesar.
“After that, the Sword Whisperer Seth appeared. Now, even Elder Shade and Frost appeared. What the heck! It’s a battle of the best of the best today!”
“I can’t believe I’m seeing so many legendary figures at once. I can die without any regrets now!”
When Frost and Elder Shade appeared, there was a huge commotion. After all, the Astonishing World List consisted of the most powerful martial artists on earth. They rarely appeared. Thus, a person was considered lucky to be able to meet one.
Therefore, the crowd felt like they were dreaming when so many of them appeared at once.
“I’m Frostbane Citadel’s Guildmaster, Frost Bane. I’m here to seek guidance from you.” Frost held his sword and spoke indifferently. His expression was emotionless and as cold as ice.
“I’ve heard of the Sword Whisperer for a long time. The old me is here to seek some guidance for you.” Elder Shade hid in the black mist and let out a piercing laugh.
“It seems like both of you came here for me.” Seth’s expression was indifferent and emotionless.
“We’re only here as backup. However, we didn’t expect you would come all the way here. Well, you made our wish come true by doing so.” Elder Shade smiled evilly.
“If we can get rid of you now, it’ll be a huge achievement!”
“Do you all have what it takes to defeat me?” There was a hint of mockery on Seth’s face.
“Let’s try it out. Perhaps we can,” Elder Shade replied with a smile.
“Okay. I’ll give you all a chance today. Come at me if you dare.” Tapping his foot, Seth soared into the air and headed toward the top of Quandary Mountain.
With their cultivation level, it would be easy for them to hurt innocent people if they fought here. They needed a secluded area to fight.
“Mr. Bane, you’re the most capable. Why don’t you go first?” Elder Shade tried asking. Frost sneered and jumped without a word. Then, he shot into the air like an arrow and chased after Seth.
“Mr. Fent, are you okay? Can you fight another round?” Elder Shade looked toward Cesar.
“I’m not dead yet.”
Cesar took out a tablet and ate it. After he felt his strength return, he jumped up and rushed toward the mountain peak.
Cesar knew everyone here wasn’t a match with Seth if they fought a one-on -one battle. They had to work together to have a chance at taking him down.
“Mr. Fent, let me assist you!”
Elder Shade was the most alert out of them. After transforming into a puff of black mist, he followed behind Cesar calmly.
Once the four of them reached the summit, a world-shaking battle would soon be unfolded!
###Chapter 1675 by Marina Vittori
Seth led the three martial artists on the Astonishing World List to a life-and- death battle at the mountain peak.
Meanwhile, Dustin was still the center of attention at the foot of the mountain. However, Dustin felt much more at ease than having to feel Cesar’s stare.
“Abigail, consume this tablet quickly.”
Dustin took the opportunity to create some distance between him and the enemies. Then, he moved toward the injured Abigail and gave her a tablet for healing.
Abigail didn’t hesitate and swallowed it. Her initial pale complexion soon flushed with color. Although she was not fully recovered, the pill helped her regain some of her energy.
“Sir, who is that man just now? He’s so capable!” Abigail was curious.
“He’s the Sword Whisperer, Seth Hughes,” Dustin explained.
“What? He’s the Sword Whisperer, Seth?” Abigail widened her eyes in shock and joy. Although it hadn’t been long since she entered the martial world, she had also heard of Seth’s name.
Seth was someone even her grandmother respected. Seth’s sword skills were unparalleled. He had already reached the highest peak in swordsmanship. Throughout history, no one was comparable with Seth when it came to his sword skills.
Abigail thought that it was no wonder Seth was so formidable. After all, he was the famous Sword Whisperer!
“Don’t get too happy. Cesar, Elder Lane, and Frost are all competent people on the Astonishing World List.
“Uncle Seth will need to put in some effort to defeat them. As for us, we’re not entirely out of danger yet.”
Dustin stared at Abigail and muttered, ” Abigail, you got injured just now. It won’t do you good to fight. I’ll stall them later, and you should use the opportunity to escape. You shouldn’t stay back and fight!”
“Sir, what do you think of me? How could I leave you and escape? Plus, it’s not like I’m completely useless. I can help you a bit when we fight,” Abigail replied unhappily.
“Your life is important! I can’t let you be in danger anymore!” Dustin furrowed his eyebrows.
Dustin felt guilty that Abigail got injured. He didn’t wish for the latter to get into any other accidents again.
“I’m in charge of my own life. You don’t need to worry. Plus, I’m extremely capable. I’m the Mystic Arts Order’s Grand Sorceress, after all. There’s no way I would die so easily!”
“Abigail …” Dustin wanted to say more. However, Nestor had led a group of soldiers and horses and surrounded them.
“Your Grace, you’re already doomed. Instead of worrying about others’ lives, why don’t you think about how you should escape?” Nestor said with a smirk.
“Escape?” Dustin sneered. “Did I say I was going to escape? Only one can leave here alive today. It’s either you or me who would die!”
“What? Do you think you have a chance to win? Or are you hoping for Seth to come and save you?”
After looking in the mountain’s direction, Nestor continued with a smile, “Even if Seth is the famous Sword Whisperer, he would still be overpowered when fighting against three competent martial artists.”
“I don’t need Uncle Seth to kill you. Come and fight fair and square with me if you’re a man.”
Dustin looked at him mockingly as if realizing something. “Oh, I almost forgot. You’re not considered a man. You can only be considered a castrate!”
Upon hearing that, Abigail couldn’t help but laugh. Anders and the others looked at Dustin like he was a fool, their eyelids twitching. They thought that Dustin didn’t know what was good for him. After all, Dustin still dared to mock them even though he was in deep trouble.
It was a direct insult to call Nestor a castrate. He was the unrivaled master within the palace gates, after all.
“Dustin, you’ll only die more miserably if you provoke me.” Nestor’s smile disappeared. His gaze turned more and more vicious.
“Is that so? Let’s see if you can beat me, then!”
Without further ado, Dustin shot forward. Then, he turned into a shadow and attacked first.
###Chapter 1676 by Marina Vittori
Dustin flicked his wrist as he got closer. Immediately, Celestial Blade exploded into thousands of sword shadows. Then, all of them rushed toward Nestor.
“Angry Ironfirst!” Nestor yelled. A golden light burst out from his body. Instantly, it formed a three-feet-tall Ironfirst illusion. The Ironfist illusion was like an armor protecting Nestor inside it.
The sword shadows Dustin summoned slashed on the Ironfist illusion. However, it only sent sparks flying and did not manage to break it.
“You can’t even break my defense. How are you going to kill me?” Nestor stood there with an arrogant and imposing aura. Without a word, Dustin continued to attack.
As Celestial Blade slashed faster and faster, the sword shadows increased in numbers. When it collided with Ironfist illusion, both sides produced energy shockwaves that surged outward like waves.
The energy shockwaves got larger and more powerful than the last. Nestor didn’t just defend but also attacked back. His attacks were bold and powerful. Each of his attacks were strong enough to cause the ground to crack.
Although Nestor had no weapons, he didn’t lose against Celestial Blade. The two fought hard as the battle progressed. They sent attacks one after another.
Although Nestor seemed disdainful, he was secretly shocked. Dustin’s skills had improved immensely compared to a year ago.
Back then, Nestor only needed a bit of effort to defend against Dustin’s attacks. However, now, Nestor had to defend seriously against Dustin’s attacks.
The difference between the two battles was gaping.
When Nestor and Dustin were engaged in a fierce battle, Anders stood behind them and watched intently.
Anders was waiting for an opportunity. Once Dustin let his guard down, Anders would not hesitate to strike.
In Anders’ eyes, he didn’t care what measures he took as long he could achieve his goal.
In the end, it was the winner who would take all. It was an unspoken rule.
“Hey! I’m warning you, you better not mess around. If any of you do, I’ll make sure you’ll have a terrible death!”
Abigail warned.
While saying that, she took out two green toxic bombs. Ander’s eyelids twitched. Immediately, he backed away. A few commanders and their soldiers also quickly backed off. It was as if they had seen a snake.
Abigail’s poison had caused over ten thousand deaths, not to mention that tens of thousands were still in a coma. Only less than half of the army of 100 thousand were standing.
In their eyes, Abigail was a vicious and ruthless force to be reckoned with. She was a much more terrifying existence than the Grim Reaper!
As long as they weren’t foolish, nobody would act recklessly at this moment. As for the battle before them, the sword shadows raged as golden light flew everywhere.
Dustin and Nestor were still engaged in a fierce battle. Neither of them was able to gain an advantage. Meanwhile, the four top-notch powerhouses finally began their showdown on Quandary Mountain.
Frost was the one who made the first move. Frost slowly drew out his sword. Then, he pointed the tip at Seth and started indifferently. “Everyone says your swordsmanship is unparalleled, calling you the number one swordsman.
“As a fellow swordsman, I don’t believe it. That’s why I will fight you today!”
Seth didn’t answer him. Instead, he questioned, “Frost, have you lost a battle before?”
###Chapter 1677 by Marina Vittori
Frost raised an eyebrow and answered, “Lost? Ever since I started practicing swordsmanship, I have never lost.”
“You’re lucky. However, it’s a shame at the same time.” Seth shook his head.
“The world consists of many things and a balance of opposites. There will be ups and downs in life. That’s an unchanging rule.
“If you never experienced failure, how could you comprehend the meaning behind the way of the sword?”
“Did you lose before?” Frost questioned.
“Of course not,” Seth denied.
Frost was rendered speechless. It seemed that Seth was just uttering nonsense.
Seth had a mixed expression. ”
Although I’ve never lost a battle, I’m an utter loser as a person.
“In my early days, I only focused on sword training. Thus, I neglected many people and let many people down. In the end, I became a lonely man.
“Later, I hid my identity and lived a peaceful life in the fields. After I met someone I loved, I realized how beautiful life can be. Swordsmanship is way too boring.”
“Seth, I’m so disappointed in you! You should be passionate about your sword as a swordsman. However, you said that it’s boring! You’re not worthy of the title Sword Whisperer!” Frost replied angrily.
“Frost, try and let it go. Put down your sword and let go of your obsession. Find someone you like and have children. This life is way more meaningful than the path of the sword, “Seth advised.
“This is your life. It has nothing to do with me. I want to beat everyone and become the number one swordsman!” Frost retorted.
“So what if you’re number one? It’s nothing but just a title.” Seth shook his head.
“We’re swordsmen. The sword doesn’t control us. We can love the sword but can’t lose ourselves over it.
“Think about it. Do you still have family or friends that you’re close to? Do you have someone you can confide in?”
“Why are you uttering so much nonsense? Let’s just fight!” Frost grew impatient..
Frost was there to battle with Seth, not to ask for advice! Frost wondered why Seth was nagging him so much.
“Since you want to fight, I don’t mind. Bring it on.” Seth didn’t say anything more. Seth saw his younger self in Frost. That was why the former wanted to give him some advice.
“You two should just watch us fight from the side. Don’t come over. This is a battle between me and Seth!” Frost warned, turning around to look at Cesar and Elder Shade.
“Mr. Bane, you should consider the situation right now. Don’t act recklessly!” Cesar muttered. If the three of them cooperated, they could take Seth down.
However, Frost wanted to fight Seth alone. At that, Cesar wondered if he had gone mad.
“What? Do you think I’ll lose?” Frost narrowed his eyes.
“I just think there’s no need to take such a risk. We can definitely win if all of us work together. It’s unwise for you to be so reckless.” Cesar’s expression was solemn.
“I’ll be the new Sword Whisperer if I defeat Seth. Then, I’ll go to Sacred Wrym Summit and challenge the Ancient Sage.
“After that, I can become the number one swordsman on earth!” Frost was filled with ambition.
“Mr. Bane-”
Cesar was about to say something, but Frost interrupted him. “That’s enough! I’ve already made up my mind. If you guys dare to disturb our battle, I won’t go easy on you guys!”
When Cesar heard that, his expression turned grim.
Initially, Cesar thought it was a no- brainer they could win. He didn’t expect a situation like this to happen. Once Frost was defeated, there was a high chance they would lose. It would be troublesome if that happened.
“Mr. Fent, don’t worry. Mr. Bane’s skills are not inferior to those of the Sword Whisperer. Remember the battle that made Mr. Bane famous eight years ago? It had shaken the world.
“Not even the Sword Whisperer had such a famed moment before!”
As the Guildmaster of Frostbane Citadel, Frost had the reputation of being able to defend the city alone. No foreign enemy had dared to invade during his reign.
Eight years ago, a hundred thousand barbarian soldiers tried to attack the city on the northern border. They intended to burn, kill, and plunder Frostbane Citadel’s citizens.
Back then, Frost stood alone at the city gate. He had faced the onslaught of a hundred thousand soldiers with just his sword.
###Chapter 1678 by Marina Vittori
With just his sword, he broke through all layers of defense. The sky and the earth trembled, and all the soldiers fled the scene.
Since that battle, the small town was formally renamed Frostbane Citadel. As for Frost Bane, he became the leader of the citadel.
Until today, the residents of the citadel lived and worked happily and peacefully. Seth might have been famous, but he’d been living under the radar for the past decade. His past glory was long forgotten.
Frost was living a completely different life as he trained and continued improving his skills with each passing day. As such, no one knew for sure who would win this battle.
“Martial artists will always be martial artists. They’ll never look at the big picture. If you like to win this much, let’s see what you’ve got.”
Cesar narrowed his eyes with a gloomy expression. He didn’t care if Frost would die in the battle. All he cared about was for Frost to exhaust Seth’s strength.
It’d be helpful if Seth were exhausted from the battle. It’d be best if both of them were severely injured after the battle. However, this scenario was highly unlikely. Anyone who had never fought with Seth could never comprehend the hopelessness when faced with his might.
Before the battle began, Cesar was confident he could at least last a hundred rounds. However, he barely lasted three rounds.
They were both known for being very skilled martial artists on the Astonishing World List. However, the gap between them was just abyssal.
Frost may be good, but he was only eighth on the list. There was a real gap between him and Seth, who ranked third on the list. Regardless, he had already made up his mind that he’d help when it was necessary.
“Seth Hughes, this sword of mine was forged from the strongest steel, and it is named Starshine. It’s four feet long and two inches wide. It has tasted the blood of countless warriors.”
Frost took out his sword and showed it to the people around him. There was a blue glow surrounding the long sword and its sharp blade. It emanated a cold aura.
“That’s a good sword!” Seth couldn’t help but admire the sword. He lifted his sword with one hand and held it in front of his chest horizontally as he introduced his sword.
“This is the Dragon Sparrow Sword. It’s been with me for the past 20 years, and it has destroyed everything it came across.”
“This is the best sword in the world. It’s a great sword!” Frost slowly lifted his sword, Starshine, and said coldly.
“Nevertheless, it solely depends on the bearer of the sword to truly wield its full potential. Today, I’ll experience the true skills of the Sword Whisperer!”
After finishing his sentence, Frost rushed forward as he became one with his sword. The attack might have appeared slow, but it was actually too fast that human eyes could never catch up with it.
The attacker would appear before the opponent in the blink of an eye. It was as if they had traveled through time, catching their opponent off guard.
They would die instantly if they lost focus for even a moment. Most importantly, everything in the sword’s path would be frozen.
The extreme coldness it created would significantly impact the speed and reaction of the opponent.
“What a bizarre tactic!”
“He hasn’t yet revealed his true potential, but he’s already this strong. What a sneaky and dangerous move!” Cesar was secretly scared. He had underestimated Frost’s true potential.
“Interesting.” Seth smiled calmly and didn’t avoid the attack as he pointed his sword forward. The Dragon Sparrow Sword transformed into a golden light and surged ahead.
###Chapter 1679 by Marina Vittori
A loud explosion could be heard. Frost’s Starshine clashed vehemently with the Dragon Sparrow Sword.
A huge wave of energy was generated when the tips of the swords collided. The surge of energy rippled outward and left a trail of destruction as it broke rocks and trees.
The surrounding walls of the Scenic Monastery, which were located far away, started crumbling. The building shook in the wake of the energy ripple. At the base of the mountain, the crowd heard a loud explosion.
When they looked up, they saw a bright ring of light in the sky. The sky turned dark as the sun was hidden behind the clouds.
The people in that area could feel the terrifying pressure even though they were far from the battle. It was good that the battle was on the top of the mountain.
If it had happened near the crowd, there would have been a lot of casualties.
Frost didn’t stop after the first attack. Instead, he immediately followed up with another vicious attack. The first move was just to test the waters. The following rounds would be the real sword battle.
Frost held his sword in one hand and continued his violent attack. He was moving so fast that no one could see where he was moving as they saw only shadows.
Even Cesar and Elder Shade couldn’t keep up. Frost’s sword skills were very particular, and all his moves were unpredictable. Even in just one attack, he could move as he liked.
It was safe to say that his skills had been perfected to a godlike state. Frost would have easily defeated any ordinary grandmaster with his relentless attack.
Unfortunately for him, his opponent this time was the Sword Whisperer, Seth Hughes.
Regardless of his attacks, Seth could block his onslaught effortlessly with the Dragon Sparrow Sword. The most important fact was that Seth hadn’t even moved an inch to avoid his attacks.
Seth used a special ability and the Dragon Sparrow Sword to defuse all of Frost’s attacks. It was apparent who the stronger fighter was.
“Seth had already stopped practicing his sword skills for the past ten years. I wouldn’t expect him to be as skilled as before! It looks like Frost is in trouble!” Elder Shade said creepily.
“I already told him that a solo battle wouldn’t cut it. He didn’t want to listen. I want to see how he’ll handle this mess on his own!” Cesar looked annoyed.
Seth appeared very relaxed and didn’t even seem to be giving his all in the battle. In other words, Seth thought that Frost’s attacks were not worth his true power. This was the real difference!
“Mr. Fent, if the battle continues like this, it’s possible that Frost might lose. Should we help?” Elder Shade sent a telepathic message.
“It’s not time yet. Stay put for now,” Cesar also replied via telepathy.
“Seth is still very alert and defensive. Even if we attack him together, it’d be useless. We must let Frost tire him out. We’ll attack when he finally uses his killer move. It’s the only effective way to do this!”
“You’re right. Then, we shall continue to wait. I believe that Frost still has some tricks up his sleeves.” Elder Shade replied.
In the battle before them, Frost had already used most of his powerful attacks, but Seth still remained unscathed.
Seth was still blocking his attacks with just one hand to control the Dragon Sparrow Sword.
After a while, Seth finally spoke up, ” Frost, my patience is wearing thin. Please show me all your best moves. If the fight continues, I don’t think you’ll have any chance even to attack.”
“Fine! If you’re already impatient, I’ll show you my latest killer move!” Frost took a deep breath, and the sword in his hand suddenly a cold aura.
With a flick of his wrist, he drew a formation in the air with his sword. The sword left a blue trail after every movement.
When the blue trails were combined, an intricate formation materialized. This was the special Hexagonal Formation.
Colorful lights and water flowed freely in the formation. It was a captivating sight as it dimmed and glowed.
“Out!” Frost thrusted Starshine into the formation.
###Chapter 1680 by Marina Vittori
A loud buzz could be heard as a gigantic ice sword came out slowly from the middle of the Hexagonal Formation.
The ice sword was twelve feet long and five feet wide. It brought terrifying chills to those near it. It was as if it was a sword from the depths of hell.
The coldness spread quickly, and in one breath, it had already reached a few hundred feet away. Everything in its way was frozen. Even strong fighters like Cesar and Elder Shade shivered involuntarily when the cold air swept over them.
“What technique is this? I’ve never seen this before!” Cesar looked bewildered. Frost’s ice sword wasn’t derived from his internal energy. Instead, it was brought into existence through the formation.
As such, it was very powerful and could potentially destroy the earth. It was likely that even the Sword Whisperer couldn’t withstand attacks from this sword.
“This sword is called the Destroyer. I’ve maintained this sword in extreme cold for eight years with the sole purpose of defeating you.
“This sword can only attack once. After that, the sword will be demolished completely. Seth Hughes, do you think you can take a hit from this sword?”
Frost held the sword with both of his hands. There was an unknown but terrifying force hidden in the sword.
Frost’s hands were shaking slightly without him knowing. This attack was do or die.
“You’ll find out if I can take the hit when you attack,” Seth replied calmly.
“Alright then, I’ll let you have a taste of the true power of the Destroyer!” Frost shouted as his internal energy flowed into the Destroyer.
Then, he stomped his feet on the ground. After a loud explosion, a hole appeared in the ground. As for Frost, he was rushing toward Seth with the Destroyer.
Everything in its path became ice. It didn’t matter if it was a plant or a gaseous substance.
As for Seth Hughes, the target of this attack, he could already feel an invisible pressure before the Destroyer got any closer. He had never felt this for a long time.
It was undeniable that he had to use his true power to block Frost’s attack. Seth raised his sword with the flick of his finger. The Dragon Sparrow Sword, which was floating mid-air, suddenly shone brightly.
“Go!” Seth moved his sword forward. The Dragon Sparrow Sword transformed into a golden dragon as it sped toward the Destroyer with a roar.
It was as if time had stopped when the swords collided. From afar, the Dragon Sparrow Sword glittered in gold, and the Destroyer shimmered in blue.
The gold and blue light from each sword illuminated the sky. This scene looked fascinating yet peculiar.
In the blink of an eye, the gold and blue light slowly fused together. Then, a loud explosion could be heard.
At that moment, the sky turned dark, and the wind started howling. An extremely terrifying surge of energy exploded abruptly, leaving a loud echo.
The Scenic Monastery on top of the mountain was reduced to rubles by the surge of energy. Even Quandary Mountain started quaking violently.
There were a lot of rocks that rolled down from the mountain and killed a lot of unfortunate beings.
At the base of the mountain, the soldiers hurriedly fled from the scene. The whole situation was a chaos.
###Chapter 1681 by Marina Vittori
After the explosion, it was chaotic at the base of the mountain. However, it was eerily silent on top of the mountain.
When the dust settled, the whole top of Quandary Mountain was bald. It was as if a typhoon had torn through the top.
The Scenic Monastery was nothing but rubble, and most of the plants were uprooted. Even Cesar and Elder Shade, who were observing from the side, had to retreat further to avoid the aftermath of the explosion.
At this moment, Seth stood quietly in the middle of the mountaintop. The Dragon Sparrow Sword glittered and floated in front of him. A few yards away, Frost’s shimmering blue sword was stuck to the ground while he looked very pale.
The skin between his thumb and index finger was slashed open, and fresh blood dripped onto the rock. His arms were trembling involuntarily.
“Frost Bane, you’ve lost,” Seth said casually.
“Your sword skills are amazing, but unfortunately, you’re still not too weak.
“Who said I lost?”
With a determined look, Frost said through gritted teeth, “I still have one more trick up my sleeve! If you can block this attack, I’ll never practice swords anymore!”
“Why would you do that?” Seth frowned slightly. “You’re still young and have many options. Why would you torture yourself this way?”
“If I can’t be the first, my life would be meaningless!” Frost said nothing else as he forcefully pulled Starshine out from the ground and thrust forward.
As he attacked, a sudden and heavy bloody mist appeared around the surface of his body. There was a huge energy in the bloody mist, absorbing the spiritual energy around it.
At that moment, Frost’s aura was transformed instantly. His speed and strength increased exponentially.
The strength of his internal energy was escalated to another level as well. In a quick glance, it was as if he had reached a whole new level.
“Fuck, Frost is really risking his life!” Elder Shade yelled out in surprise when he saw what was happening.
“Elder Shade! Get ready, here’s our chance!” Instead of shock, Cesar looked happy. He was ready to fight.
It was difficult to defeat Seth in a one- on-one battle. They could only win by using sneak attacks. They would have to injure him when he least expected it.
“Did you have to drain your core energy and ruin the fruits of your training?” Seth sighed softly.
The bloody mist surrounding Frost was a result of him draining his core energy. Using this method would increase his power momentarily.
However, his body would be seriously injured regardless of the battle’s outcome. This injury would be very grave and irreversible.
This was very risky as they would have to put their life and martial arts skills on the line. They could deal a great blow to their enemy but would have to sustain a more serious injury themselves.
This method should only be used in extremely dire circumstances, as no sane person would use this method casually.
Clearly, Frost, a sword fanatic, could no longer be considered normal.
“Final Death Blow!” Frost let out a low growl, and the bloody mist surrounding him grew bigger. The bloody mist enveloped his body and Starshine.
All of a sudden, Starshine became a huge crimson sword. Frost rushed toward Seth with all his destructive might.
Seth suddenly looked more serious when he saw Frost’s new attack. He quickly drew a small gold formation in the air and used it on the Dragon Sparrow Sword.
The sword let out a soft buzz and suddenly glowed gold and bright with a blinding brilliance. Seth pointed the sword forward. As soon as he did that, the Dragon Sparrow Sword transformed into a gold light and flew out rapidly.
Once again, it collided heavily with Frost’s crimson sword. The collision resulted in a deafening explosion and sent everything flying.
###Chapter 1682 by Marina Vittori
When the swords collided, Frost’s crimson sword exploded into a bloody mist. As for Frost, he lay several feet away with a pale face and blood trickling out from the corner of his mouth.
The Dragon Sparrow Sword was sent flying far away in a different direction as well. It then got stuck in a huge rock.
“Great! Now’s our chance!” Cesar’s eyes lit up when he saw that the Dragon Sparrow Sword was out of control temporarily.
He quickly launched his attack without any delay. He put an arrow to his bow and channeled his internal energy into the arrow.
The arrow turned black, emitting a black light and extreme chills surrounding it. As it quickly gathered momentum, the black arrow was transformed into a sharp black light as it was aimed at Seth’s chest. It was a fast and deadly shot.
There was no warning, and it was fired at the right time. It could be said that it was the perfect sneak attack.
“Let’s see how you can dodge this!” Cesar snickered cruelly. Seth might be the Sword Whisperer but he had a huge weakness. He was afraid of others getting close to him.
Due to the collision earlier, he had temporarily lost control of the Dragon Sparrow Sword. Now that he had no weapon with him, he was defenseless. As for Cesar, he saw the weakness as his opening to defeat Seth with an arrow!
Elder Shade started his attack as well when Cesar launched his sneak attack. Elder Shade transformed himself into a black mist and disappeared into the shadows. When he reappeared, he was already standing behind Seth.
A sharp metal claw reached out from the black mist and went straight for Seth’s back. It was silent but deadly.
When the black arrow was close to hitting Seth’s chest, Seth reached out to stop the arrow by lightly holding it between his fingers.
The powerful black arrow stopped suddenly, and its shaft shocked. Nevertheless, it was unable to move forward.
As he caught the arrow, Seth turned around and grabbed Elder Shade’s metal claw. Seth defused their killer moves easily. It had no effects on him.
“What?” Cesar was extremely shocked to see that. Elder Shade was also very shocked as he abandoned his weapon and fled after transforming into a black mist.
They had no idea that Seth could deflect attacks effectively and emerge unscathed even without the Dragon Sparrow Sword. They had already put their best effort into the sneak attack.
What they thought was their best killer move was just child’s play in Seth’s eyes. He didn’t need a sword. He only needed to flick his fingers to completely defeat them. The gap between them was just too huge!
“Do you think your little tricks will work on me?” The black arrow exploded when Seth pinched harder on it.
He was regarded as the Sword Whisperer for his skills and not because he owned the Dragon Sparrow Sword. Not to exaggerate, Seth could still show off his unparalleled sword skills without a sword.
All he needed was a twig or even a strand of hair!
There was suddenly a thunderous roar in the sky. Following the roar, a red spear pierced through the clouds and flew at Seth. This attack was out of the blue and very shocking.
The spear moved so fast that it seemed to distort time and space, leaving the mountains quaking in its trail. It came rushing down as if it was a powerful and destructive punishment from heaven.
Seth’s face ashened when he saw the spear.
###Chapter 1683 by Marina Vittori
“Alaric?” Seth’s eyes widened as the fiery red spear pierced the sky. In an instant, he recognized the silhouette of the unexpected visitor.
The attack had a startling speed, catching Seth off guard. Unable to summon his Dragon Sparrow Sword in time, he had to resort to using his finger as an improvised blade against the incoming fiery red spear.
A thunderous collision reverberated through the air. His fingertip met the spearhead, and it released a powerful wave of energy that rippled outward.
The entire scene seemed to freeze at that moment, adding a dramatic intensity.
Seth held his arm up. Then, a golden sword rippled as it emanated from his fingertip in defiance of the fiery red spear.
A luminous spectacle unfolded as the golden sword rippled. The fiery red spear clashed, forming circles of energy that emitted a radiant glow.
At the spear’s shaft stood a white- haired older man with crimson eyes, poised on the weapon as though it were an extension of him. His gaze bore down on Seth with an air of superiority.
He was Alaric, Chief Guildmaster of the Dragon Guard and the formidable second on the Astonishing World List.
“Mr. Drakon?” Cesar couldn’t conceal his elation.
As the Ancient Sage at the Sacred Wrym Summit chose a path of seclusion, Chief Guildmaster Alaric of the Dragon Guard claimed the title, making him unrivaled.
While others were equal on the Astonishing World List, their difference with Alaric was immense. Their capabilities fell short even in dealing with Seth. How would they fare when faced with the formidable might of Alaric?
Fortunately, they were on the same side as him. The arrival of Alaric decisively shifted the balance of power, stabilizing the current situation. Even with Seth’s exceptional abilities, the challenge before him may be too much for him to handle.
“Thank god you arrived. Otherwise, we’d be in dire straits.” Elder Shade, concealed in shadows, voiced his relief.
“Who’d have thought this Old Beast would make a grand entrance?”
Frost observed from a distance, his expression grave. Blood continued to trickle from the corner of his mouth after the fight. Seth clearly outmatched them. The outcome now depended on the clash between Alaric and Seth.
“Alaric, a big shot like you should know better. Interrupting my fight- seriously? You’re turning this whole thing into a joke.” Seth’s tone was cold and sharp as he spoke.
“If you meet your end, who’s left to tell the tale?” Alaric retorted, devoid of emotion.
“Do you have what it takes to finish me off?” Seth showed no hint of fear.
“Ignorant fool!” Alaric snorted, leaping into the air. Coming down with force, he stomped on the shaft of the Inferno Fury Spear.
An explosion echoed. The Inferno Fury Spear thrust forward, exerting subtle pressure on Seth’s arm and cracking the ground beneath his feet.
“Dragon Sparrow!” Seth’s other hand summoned the Dragon Sparrow Sword that was inserted into the rock, pulled it out, changed its trajectory, and thrust it toward Alaric.
“That’s a feeble attempt.” Alaric made no effort to evade, extending his hand like a claw to halt the Dragon Sparrow Sword a few feet away from him.
The sword vibrated intensely, emitting audible hums, but couldn’t make further headway. Seth drew a deep breath, mustering strength for another push.
The vibrations intensified, and the dazzling golden light burst forth. The once-frozen sword slowly advanced, homing in on Alaric’s chest.
Alaric hummed and furrowed his brows, surprise flickering in his eyes. Seth’s strength proved unexpectedly strong, matching his spiritual energy.
The sharp sword aura, particularly challenging to control with one hand, added to the intrigue.
Alaric was faced with two options.
Either to amplify his strength for a decisive strike with the Inferno Fury Spear, risking potential injury. Or tactically withdraw, leveraging his advantages to wear down Seth steadily and prevent any comeback.
After a brief contemplation, Alaric opted for the latter.
###Chapter 1684 by Marina Vittori
Alaric smoothly jumped backward to create distance between himself and Seth.
The Inferno Fury Spear veered abruptly as a forceful kick struck its shaft, colliding with the airborne Dragon Sparrow Sword.
A thunderous explosion followed, unleashing a radiant burst of light. Both weapons recoiled into the hands of their respective wielders, signifying a temporary stalemate.
“Alaric, you missed an opportunity,” Seth said, now wielding the Dragon Sparrow Sword.
“If you had pressed your attack, I might not have emerged unscathed. Your reluctance reveals a fear of injury and accidents-it’s your weakness.”
As people aged, the fear of death often heightened. In Seth’s view, Alaric, secluded for years, had lost the essence of a true warrior despite his profound cultivation.
With his spear pointed diagonally, Alaric retorted, “Killing you is easy without unnecessary risks.”
“Is that so? Then, show me the might of a Chief Guildmaster of Dragon Guard! “Swiftly initiating an attack, Seth aimed to end the confrontation.
He was aware that prolonged engagement would only complicate matters.
Alaric’s sudden appearance was an unexpected twist in the unfolding events. It hinted that the skilled experts of the Dragon Guard were likely on their way there, hastening to join the escalating fight.
Sensing the imminent threat of being surrounded, Seth recognized the urgency for a swift end to the battle. Even if it meant facing potential grave injuries, he was determined to press Alaric into a retreat.
“You’re overestimating your abilities!” Alaric scoffed, confronting Seth’s sword head-on, his spear poised for a counterattack.1
The clash between these two exceptional warriors erupted into a dynamic and strategic confrontation.
Alaric was a master of spear techniques, displaying a commanding skill that unleashed a whirlwind of strikes. His moves seamlessly combined thrusts, parries, and piercing maneuvers with unpredictable finesse.
His immense strength and expert spear skills made him seem like a divine force in human form-an unstoppable power.
In contrast, Seth’s swordsmanship was sharp and agile. He tactically used his nimbleness to dodge Alaric’s potent attacks.
Even though Alaric held a higher rank on the Astonishing World List, it wasn’t solely based on individual cultivation levels.
Other factors like techniques, weapons, special moves, and hidden arts played crucial roles. Courage, determination, and sheer willpower were also important in determining these rankings.
When Seth and Alaric faced off against each other, their true strength shone through in the face of challenges. The key to victory lay in their wholehearted determination and willingness to give their all.
Even though Seth’s skills were not as advanced as Alaric’s, his readiness to sacrifice himself made up for any shortcomings.
So, as they clashed on the mountain summit, the outcome remained uncertain until the very end. The intense battle between these two strong opponents continued relentlessly. At the foot of the mountain, the battle between Dustin and Nestor had reached its climax.
Even though they were going at it fiercely and seemed evenly matched, they were both running on fumes and were on the edge of exhaustion.
With his Adamantine shield, Nestor managed to catch his breath and escaped major injuries.
On the other hand, Dustin, fueled by a combination of potent pills and unyielding determination, had pushed his body to its limits.
The intense battle had brought them to a critical point. If they kept at it, one of them might not make it out alive, and the other would be seriously hurt.
“Go to hell!” Dustin shouted, making a last, desperate move. He thrust the Celestial Blade toward Nestor’s chest.
A thunderous sound resonated as a colossal golden bell descended from the sky, enveloping Nestor. The Celestial Blade struck the bell, scattering sparks, but failed to breach its defenses.
Inside the bell, Nestor smirked.
“Logan, it’s no doubt that you’ve pushed me to my limits. But, sorry to say, you still can’t finish me. How does it feel? Angry? Frustrated?
“Just like ten years ago when you had to watch your friends and loved ones get slaughtered. Kirin? You’re nothing but a joke now!”
As Nestor burst into mocking and brazen laughter, he remained oblivious to the crimson glow that had consumed Dustin’s eyes.
###Chapter 1685 by Marina Vittori
“Go to hell!”
Nestor’s arrogance ignited fury in Dustin’s eyes, his blood boiling. In response, Dustin threw caution to the wind, using a forbidden technique.
Explosions echoed as bloody holes erupted across Dustin’s body instantly, drenching him in his blood.
The secret Rhys technique enhanced a person’s strength but came with severe consequences, especially when used under physical exhaustion.
It would worsen a person’s condition, and a slight miscalculation could lead to self-destruction. It was clear that Dustin was going all out.
“Have you lost your mind? Do you want to drag us both into the abyss of death? “Nestor, who had been arrogant just moments ago, now looked scared.
The secret Rhys technique was a desperate last move, sacrificing themselves to defeat an enemy. It was a risky move that only someone really determined to die would try.
Nestor now regretted getting on Dustin’s nerves earlier. If he had delayed a bit longer, Dustin would have worn himself out to the point of demise.
“If I’m going down, you’re coming with me!” Dustin grinned menacingly. His eyes were now a deep shade of red. Terrifying energy surged from every part of his body.
The Celestial Blade in Dustin’s hand began to vibrate wildly. Waves of ferocious sword energy relentlessly pounded against Nestor’s protective golden bell shield.
The force grew stronger, and the onslaught became more intense. Cracks started to appear on the seemingly indestructible shield under the relentless assault of the Celestial Blade.
“What?” Seeing that, Nestor panicked. He urgently infused his entire body with spiritual energy, attempting to reinforce the golden bell shield.
He knew that if he couldn’t endure Dustin’s final attack, he might end up seriously hurt or worse. On the flip side, if he held his ground, Dustin would be done for.
Nestor attempted to fortify the shield. But the cracks kept spreading, refusing to mend. In just moments, the once- solid shield resembled a web of fine fractures.
“Ah!” He let out a frustrated roar. Veins popped on his face, and his limbs shook uncontrollably.
“Quick, help him!” Sensing the urgency of the situation, Anders, who was watching from a distance, immediately called for help from nearby warriors.
“Let’s see who’s brave enough to make a move!” Abigail stood in their way and raised a vial of poison in the air. She warned, “Step forward, and I’ll turn you into a bloody mess!”
Her threat made everyone think twice, freezing them in their tracks. The fear of Abigail’s poison kept them from doing anything rash.
“Die!” Dustin roared.
With a powerful shove forward, a loud explosion followed. Nestor’s golden bell shield finally broke, and he was sent flying.
Dustin’s Celestial Blade went straight for Nestor’s chest. But instead of the expected fatal blow, it felt like hitting steel.
The blade couldn’t pierce him, but the powerful energy still sent Nestor flying, crashing into the rocks. He coughed up blood, looking beaten and pale.
###Chapter 1686 by Marina Vittori
At that moment, the crowd noticed Nestor was wearing a goldshade armor. Even though the armor had shattered, it saved Nestor’s life by blocking Dustin’s deadly strike. Nestor, coughing up blood, struggled to get up.
The toughness gained from practicing the Ironfist Technique and the damaged goldshade armor clearly made a difference. Without them, Dustin’s sword strike could have been deadly. Though he narrowly avoided death, he was badly hurt, and the chances of winning looked slim.
“Nestor, meet your end!” Dustin, not giving up, thrust his sword again. But as he moved, his legs gave out, and he had to use his sword as a crutch to stay balanced.
The last sword attack really took it out of Dustin, and now he could hardly move. The aftermath of using the secret Rhys technique hit him hard. He could barely even lift a finger, let alone go after his opponent.
Seeing this, Nestor went from being surprised to bursting into laughter.” Logan, I overestimated you. Looks like you’re totally drained. Can’t even stand up, can’t you?”
Dustin clenched his teeth, trying to steady himself bit by bit. 1
Nestor laughed manically. “The secret Rhys technique might be strong, but it has serious consequences. I bet you’re pretty much drained now.
“Even if I don’t do anything, you won’t be able to keep going for much longer,” Nestor said with a sly grin.
Despite Nestor’s serious injuries, he was in better shape than Dustin. Right then, Dustin found himself stuck with no way out.
Anders and the others were waiting to claim Dustin’s head once the battle on the mountain summit ended.
“Hmph! Don’t celebrate too soon. I’m still here!” Abigail threatened sternly.
“Drop the act, kid. You’re hurt, and there’s not much poison left in your hands. We’ve got tens of thousands of soldiers here. No matter how good you are, how many can you take down?”
Nestor smirked. “If I were you, I’d retreat now. Once the Dragon Guard’s warriors show up, running won’t help!”
“Abigail! You go first!” Dustin clutched his sword with one hand, holding himself up and trying not to fall.
“Sir, like I said, we will face death together!”Abigail was fearless and stood firm.
“Alright! If you guys really want to die, I’ll make it happen!”
Nestor slowly lifted his hand, signaling his troops. “Soldiers, listen up! Take them out! Anyone thinking about chickening out will deal with serious military consequences!”
With that command, the soldiers’ doubts went out the window, and they charged ahead. Military orders were absolute. Even if it meant facing certain death, they had to follow through.
Suddenly, a white sword dropped from the sky, cutting through the heart of the battlefield. When it landed, a powerful wave of energy shot out, sending hundreds of soldiers flying.
Bodies scattered in every direction, their cries of pain echoing through the air.
“Who the heck is this?” Nestor squinted, looking up.
A good-looking young guy, shirtless, descended gracefully. It was Glenn, the Sword Union’s ambassador!
“Haha, Mr. Hadley, right on time. Logan is on his last legs. Hurry up and finish him. From now on, you’ll be the top talent in Dragonmarsh!”
Nestor, seeing Glenn, wasn’t surprised but happy. After all, the Sword Union had always served the Dragon Guard.
“Great, another strong ally!” Anders was excited.
Glenn was stronger than the other four princes, and his natural talent matched Logan’s. With such a sword genius present, the overall situation was now certain.
“Sir, this guy is unpredictable. I don’t think I can defeat him. What should I do?” Abigail’s expression turned serious.
“Go now. I’ll try to hold him off.” With shaky hands, Dustin pulled out a tablet from his pocket and popped it into his mouth. He hoped to use his last bit of strength to give Abigail a chance to escape.
“Mr. Hadley, don’t hesitate. Deal with Logan quickly so we can finally end this nightmare,” Nestor urged.
“Stop talking,” Glenn replied, furrowing his brows slightly. He then swiftly swung his sword, cleanly beheading Nestor.
###Chapter 1687 by Marina Vittori
Suddenly, a flash of a sword appeared, swiftly piercing Nestor’s neck without any warning. It all happened so fast that no one had a chance to register what had happened.
Nestor stood there, frozen as if he had turned to stone. His eyes widened with shock and disbelief as he stared at Glenn, who was standing not far away.
It was hard for him to believe that Glenn, their supposed ally, would betray him like this.
There was no apparent grudge or issue between them, at least not that Nestor knew of. Was it because of something he said that angered Glenn, leading to this deadly outcome?
A thud echoed as Nestor’s head fell heavily to the ground. Even in death, his wide eyes reflected the surprise of his unexpected end.
Just when he thought he had narrowly escaped from Dustin’s grasp and that victory was near, Glenn’s swing of his sword changed everything. Fate was truly unpredictable.
“What just happened? Mr. Wilkins… Is he dead?”
Seeing Nestor’s sudden death left everyone bewildered. They were hopeful when Glenn showed up, thinking he was here to help, but now it had turned into a shocking tragedy.
In the palace, Nestor was a top contender and the tenth on the Astonishing World List. His death, caused by a lone sword, left a mysterious and eerie feeling.
“How … How could this happen?” Anders was terrified, his head buzzing with confusion. Nestor, a powerful figure in the palace and a member of the Dragon Guard, had both strength and support. Yet, with one swift motion, Glenn beheaded him. Was he mad?
“Sir… Did I see it right? Did that guy just kill Nestor?” Abigail almost dropped her poison vial, utterly confused. She couldn’t understand what was happening.
Weren’t they supposed to be allies? Why were they turning on each other? Was there some deep hatred between them?
“Yeah, you’re right. Nestor… is indeed dead.” Dustin nodded stiffly, feeling a mix of emotions. He wasn’t acquainted with Glenn, and there didn’t appear to be any apparent reason for Glenn to step in. Dustin couldn’t fathom why Glenn would offer his assistance.
“Glenn! Have you lost your mind?”
Anders burst out in anger. “Mr. Wilkins was a palace official and part of the Dragon Guard! How could you kill him? Do you understand the seriousness of the crime you just committed?
“Even if you’re a Sword Union disciple, you won’t get away with this!”
“Stop blabbering,” Glenn said with a straight face. He lifted his sword and swung it at Anders.
A bright white sword energy burst out, stretching over 30 feet. It was like a curved moon, slicing through the air at Anders.
Anders quickly lifted his sword to defend himself. There was a loud clash, and his sword was cleanly cut through.
Anders was sent flying back, crashing into the crowd. He coughed up blood, looking pale as a ghost, struggling to stand.
###Chapter 1688 by Marina Vittori
Anders narrowly dodged an attack that could’ve ended his life.
“W-What?” The crowd was shocked again. If Glenn slaying Nestor was seen as a sneaky move, this last attack was pure dominance!
It surprised everyone when Anders, one of Oakvale’s four princes and known as the God of War, couldn’t even block Glenn’s attack.
This stark difference in their strength revealed that Glenn, the seemingly unassuming disciple of the Sword Union, was actually the most powerful among Oakvale’s four princes.
“My sword doesn’t care about a nobody. Just scram!” Glenn said calmly. His words echoed through the mountain.
Some commanders hesitated, stuck between moving forward or stepping back. Dealing with Abigail was tough, and now Glenn’s sudden betrayal made things even trickier.
The chance of winning seemed to vanish. Yet, they couldn’t just retreat; military orders bound them, and leaving now would lead to trouble.
“Not leaving? Then prepare for death.” Glenn lifted his sword again, cutting through the air without hesitation. A powerful sword energy burst forth, carrying a terrifying force, and mercilessly sliced through the crowd.
Blood splattered, and cries of pain filled the air as Glenn’s single strike made a vacuum, leaving behind a gruesome scene of severed bodies. In an instant, Glenn took a thousand lives with one stroke, showing his frightening strength.
“Scram!” Glenn’s deep growl filled the air, and a scary vibe surrounded him. Suddenly, strong winds kicked up, tossing debris around and making it tough for everyone to keep their eyes open.
“Run! Everyone, run!” The eight commanders were completely scared, yelling orders and leading their groups to scatter in confusion.
They had a feeling that staying would mean destruction. Even if they faced consequences later, it seemed better than risking their lives on the spot.
After Nestor’s death and Glenn’s display of power, the tens of thousands of remaining soldiers sensed the threat. They abandoned their armor and weapons, fleeing in panic.
“Thank… Thank you,” Abigail managed a tight smile, showing her appreciation to Glenn.
Glenn remained silent, glancing back at Dustin, and calmly suggested, “Let’s go quickly. The Dragon Guard’s warriors are almost here.”
Dustin looked puzzled. “Why are you helping me?”
“Do you not know who I am?” Glenn raised an eyebrow.
“I know who you are. But I don’t get why you’d take the risk to save me,” Dustin replied.
“Your mom, Alba, is my aunt,” Glenn revealed.
“What? Aunt?” Dustin’s face tensed. What was going on? Was this person his cousin? Could it be? Was it really that coincidental?
“So, you’re my … cousin?” Dustin cautiously asked.
“Yes.” Glenn nodded.
“W-What …” Dustin was momentarily at a loss for words. He hadn’t expected this connection with Glenn.
The lingering question: Why hadn’t his mom shared this info before? It seemed like she had kept it a secret.
###Chapter 1689 by Marina Vittori
Sensing Dustin’s confusion, Glenn explained, “Aunt Alba had a conflict with the family years ago. So, she chose to leave and cut ties.
“After she passed away, my mom and I went to West Lucozia to pay our respects and told your dad who we were. But it seems he didn’t mention it to you.”
“I haven’t been back in ten years,” Dustin said with a complicated expression. The revelation about his mom’s past explained why she hadn’t returned to her home. He decided that once everything was sorted out, he would visit and pay his respects to her as well.
Trying to change the subject, Glenn said suddenly, “Your sword is impressive. Can I have it?”
Dustin, taken aback, asked, “What?”
“It looks like a no,” Glenn said casually.
“Well then, let’s find a chance to have a fight. If you lose, the sword is mine. If you win, my sword is yours.”
Dustin was left speechless. The sudden shift from family talk to suggesting a fight was confusing.
“Don’t worry. I won’t take advantage of your state now. Once you recover, we can have our match,” Glenn assured sincerely.
Throughout their talk, Glenn couldn’t take his eyes off the Celestial Blade in Dustin’s hands. Being a sword lover, he considered a great sword akin to unmatched beauty.
He believed that the more swords he owned, the stronger he became. His admiration for a splendid sword was hard to hide.
This situation mirrored Glenn’s previous encounter with Seth, driven by the allure of Seth’s Dragon Sparrow
Sword. Unfortunately, Glenn hadn’t had a chance to spar with him yet.
Suddenly, a loud bang echoed from the top of Quandary Mountain. After the earth-shaking noise, a bunch of rocks rolled down from the summit.
Luckily, the troops of the Eight Sovereigns had pulled back, avoiding serious injuries.
“What?” The three of them glanced up at the commotion.
On the mountain peak, a spear clashed with a sword. The Inferno Fury Spear glowed red, coloring half the sky, while the Dragon Sparrow Sword shimmered with a golden light, holding its own.
A spear and a sword danced skillfully, their golden and red glows weaving intricate patterns. The two fighters moved with precision, almost fading away in the midst of their exchange.
Glenn muttered, “Seems like they’re close to figuring out who’s winning.”
This was a duel between the world’s top -tier warriors. Once it was over, things were going to shake up, be it in the government or the martial world.
If Alaric won, the West Lucozian monarchy would go down, and there wouldn’t be anyone left to challenge the Dragon Guard.
If Seth came out on top, the Dragon Guard would lose its main support, and the whole monarchy would go into chaos.
So, it wasn’t just about honor. It was like deciding the fate of the whole world.
“Sir, who do you think will win?” Abigail cautiously inquired.
“It’s hard to say. They’re both evenly matched. Nobody can predict the winner until the very end,” Dustin replied seriously.
“But Uncle Seth still has a trump card he hasn’t played. That might turn the tide in his favor.”
“A trump card? What is it?” she asked curiously.
“I haven’t seen it. I just heard Uncle Seth talk about it once,” he said, shaking his head.
###Chapter 1690 by Marina Vittori
Abigail quietly prayed, “I hope Uncle Seth wins.”
At the top of the mountain, Alaric stood with the Inferno Fury Spear, his hair messy and his eyes glowing red. Terrifying waves of energy continuously surged from within him. The force was so intense that even the Inferno Fury Spear started to bend slightly, its tip vibrating wildly.
On the other side, Seth, holding the Dragon Sparrow Sword, was surrounded by a bright golden light, blending perfectly with the sword.
Both of them went all out, starting the final fight. They understood that whoever lost now would definitely face ultimate defeat.
The spear and sword collided incessantly, unleashing concentric waves of colorful light. It concealed destructive power potent enough to kill powerful grandmaster martial artists.
After struggling intensely for about three minutes, Alaric’s Inferno Fury Spear slowly gained ground, pushing back Seth’s Dragon Sparrow Sword. It was clear that Alaric had the upper hand in personal cultivation.
“Seth! You’re tougher than I thought. But in the end, you’re just not my match,” Alaric sneered with a triumphant smile.
He continued, “Your energy will run out eventually, weakening with each strike. Unlike you, I’m different! I can draw the vital force from the earth within Oakvale, replenishing myself in every battle.
“So, I don’t worry about getting weaker. I actually grow stronger! That’s the difference between us. Even Arion from Sacred Wrym Summit couldn’t outlast me!”
As the leader of the Dragon Guard, Alaric had spent years in seclusion, cultivating a resonance with the vital force.
Even from a hundred miles away, he could absorb the vital force’s essence. It wasn’t an exaggeration. Within Oakvale, he was unbeatable.
“Sure, you might have the edge in cultivation, but there’s one area where you fall short,” Seth declared coldly.
“And what is that?” Alaric didn’t seem interested.
“I’m ready to risk it all, and you’re not, “Seth said. With those words, he suddenly closed his eyes, and his body trembled violently.
Then, something strange happened. An illusory image of Seth slowly separated from his body. This image looked exactly like him.
But unlike a human form, it resembled some kind of ethereal soul state. It was elusive and mysterious.
“Astral projection?” Alaric’s face turned pale when he saw that, and his grip on the spear started to shake.
He knew better than anyone how terrifying astral projection could be. It exceeded the capabilities of ultimate grandmasters, a unique technique of terrestrial immortals.
In his whole life, he’d only seen it once by Arion from the Sacred Wrym Summit. The issue was that Arion stood out as an unmatched figure, the absolute best in the world.
Also, he was the only terrestrial immortal in Dragonmarsh to date. Even though Seth was impressive, comparing him to Arion was out of the question.
“How can this be? How can you perform astral projection? No! This is impossible!” Alaric freaked out, his inner confusion going wild, and fear rushed through him.
Only the peerless experts of the terrestrial immortal realm understood the art of astral projection.
He wondered how Seth, who appeared to be less powerful, could possess knowledge of these mysterious and supernatural methods. What was really going on here?”
###Chapter 1691 by Marina Vittori
At that moment, Alaric felt a mix of shock, confusion, and sheer panic. He couldn’t figure out how Seth mastered astral projection, but one thing was clear-it was a bad omen!
This technique bypassed physical defenses, energy barriers, and all forms of protection and struck directly at the soul. It was a force that defied resistance and left no room for defense.
Apart from Arion, no one else in the world could withstand such a formidable assault.
As Seth’s spirit projected, blood started oozing from his eyes, ears, nose, and mouth. His skin even cracked, showing how much this technique took a toll on him.
For a person to employ such an extreme measure before attaining the realm of terrestrial immortality would inevitably result in irreversible damage. This explained why Seth had only resorted to this desperate move at the eleventh hour.
“Alaric! Your unilateral decisions, causing harm to the innocent-today, I’ll be the one to guide you to the afterlife!”
Seth’s projected astral floated toward Alaric. As it advanced, the turbulent waves of energy dissipated.
The Dragon Sparrow Sword and the Inferno Fury Spear stopped shaking, just hanging there in the air. Everything around them-the dust, the fallen leaves, even the breeze-froze.
It felt like time had stopped.
“No … Stop!” Alaric screamed inwardly. He struggled to break free but found himself completely paralyzed. His limbs, eyes, ears, mouth, and nose- everything was beyond his control.
He could only watch as Seth’s astral form approached, slowly pushing him into an abyss. The fear of death quickly took hold, and he fought desperately to break free, but his efforts were in vain.
Profound despair quickly engulfed Alaric as he questioned whether that day would mark his end. After all, he had been the chosen one, the inheritor of vital force, the supreme ruler of Dragonmarsh. With his vast fortune and influence, only he could have shaped the destiny of Dragonmarsh!
How could someone of his stature have met his demise? No! He believed he couldn’t die now. He was supposed to live a long life, creating more glory and becoming the ruler of the world!
In Alaric’s mind, a desperate roar echoed incessantly. But in reality, he couldn’t even blink his eyes.
“Break!” As Seth’s astral drew near, he extended his sword finger, gently tapping Alaric’s forehead.
In the next moment, Alaric’s entire being began to distort. Inside him, a white soul shadow struggled frantically, emitting a silent howl.
It was clear that Alaric’s illusory image was rapidly fading, becoming transparent. If this continued, it would completely dissipate in less than three counts. Once the soul vanished, Alaric’s physical body would naturally turn into a corpse.
Just as Alaric was about to be exterminated, a black arrow carrying immense power shot out from behind, hitting Seth square in the back. It was Cesar launching a surprise attack!
There was a muffled explosion upon impact, and Seth’s body violently shook. The astral projection that had just occurred recoiled back into his body like a lightning strike.
After the astral returned, Seth spat out a mouthful of blood, his face turning pale. He looked completely drained, as if all the energy had been sucked out of him.
At that moment, Alaric screamed in pain as he staggered backward. Sweat poured down his face, and his body trembled uncontrollably.
###Chapter 1692 by Marina Vittori
Despite narrowly avoiding death, Alaric couldn’t shake off the pain lingering in his soul. The fear and despair felt impossible to shake off as they kept tormenting him.
“Mr. Drakon, are you okay?” Cesar hurried to Alaric’s side, standing protectively.
“I’m alive? I made it?” Alaric gawked in disbelief. He could not believe that he had escaped certain death when he witnessed Seth’s astral projection.
He believed that he was the chosen one, after all.
“Mr. Drakon, I sensed trouble and acted fast. So, I shot an arrow and got Seth injured. Thankfully, it saved you just in time,” Cesar boasted.
Hearing this, Alaric glanced at Seth, who looked weak. Seth was bleeding from seven orifices and struggling to stand.
At that moment, Alaric felt a mix of surprise and relief. He let out a triumphant laugh. “Hahaha! Well done. From now on, you’re an elder in the Dragon Guard!”
“Thank you, Chief Guildmaster!” Cesar said with a bright smile, nodding.
“Seth, bet you didn’t see that one coming?” Alaric studied Seth’s weakened form with a proud expression.
“You’re impressive, I have to admit. I couldn’t even counter that move. But you still missed the mark!”
Seth said nothing. He coughed violently, and his whole body shook uncontrollably.
“Despicable!” Frost sighed from a distance, looking displeased.
If not for Cesar’s sneak attack, Seth would’ve surely won. After all, battles between such powerful beings should be transparent, based on strength alone.
Cesar’s interference disrupted what could have been a historic duel, leaving the Dragon Guard with no honor.
“Seth! You’re on your last legs. Surrender now, or face ruthless death!” Cesar warned. Though the surprise attack succeeded moments ago, Cesar still hesitated to act rashly. He knew a powerhouse like Seth remained a threat as long as he was still alive.
“Seth, I don’t get how you pulled off that astral projection, but I’m sure it drained you. You’re probably running out of fumes now.” Alaric squinted.
“I should’ve finished you earlier. Maybe this is just how things were meant to be.” Seth glanced at the sky and let out a sigh.
Despite giving his all, he fell just short of killing the traitor and freeing the citizens from harm. The sudden twist of fate indicated that he wasn’t the true hero he had hoped to become.
“Hmph… I’m the chosen one, and challenging me means defying destiny. You don’t stand a chance,” Alaric boasted arrogantly.
“The chosen one?” Seth scoffed.” Alaric, your prowess comes from the protection of vital force. After all, you’re just an opportunist.”
“Pfft! Vital force chose me. I am the supreme ruler. People like you will forever be subservient to me!” Alaric boasted.
“Alaric, you’re way too full of yourself, “Seth shot back.
With that, he slowly stood up and straightened himself. Thick blood began to ooze from his body, and the spiritual energy in the surroundings trembled.
“Thinking vital force ensures your dominance? Well, I’m cutting that off and bringing light to the world!” Seth declared, taking a deep breath. His weak vibe from before disappeared, and now he was buzzing with energy.
At that moment, a formidable aura enveloped the mountain range. Dark clouds gathered, thunder roared, and purple lightning struck Seth incessantly.
It was a spectacle reminiscent of immortal crossing tribulations, incredibly awe-inspiring. Alaric and the others were dumbfounded, standing frozen in shock.
The divine might, thunder, and continuous marvels in the sky indicated a breakthrough. However, Seth was supposed to be on the brink of death!
How could he be transcending into the realm of terrestrial immortals? What on earth was he, anyway?
###Chapter 1693 by Marina Vittori
“Quick! Run for your life!”
Seth’s overwhelming power and growing intensity terrified Alaric. Alaric had lost all courage to resist and fled without a second thought.
Seth’s astral projection was the result of a risky technique, pushing him to the edge of injury. But what he faced now was a true breakthrough.
In an instant, he went from being the ultimate grandmaster to entering the realm of terrestrial immortals. At this level, each move had the power to shatter the world.
Even at his best, with vital force shielding him, Alaric wouldn’t dare to face Seth directly. So, the smartest move was to escape.
Alaric was convinced that Seth’s breakthrough was just a temporary surge. He anticipated that Seth would face a setback afterward, making him vulnerable and an easy target at that point.
“How dare you attempt a breakthrough in my presence? You’re just asking for trouble!”
Recalling his past successful sneak attack, Cesar quickly drew his bow and focused all his energy to create a powerful dark arrow.
When the right moment came, he aimed at Seth’s chest and released the arrow. The dark arrow transformed into a black light, speeding toward Seth. Upon impact, a surge of purple lightning burst forth, destroying the dark arrow and striking Cesar relentlessly.
With a loud boom, the lightning threw Cesar about three hundred feet away. His whole body was burnt, and his circulatory pathways were cut off. He tumbled down from the mountaintop, leaving his fate uncertain.
Seeing this, Elder Shade, who had considered intervening, transformed into a black mist. He quickly fled, unwilling to stay.
“Bearing the weight of my blood as a guide and my life as a conduit, I beckon heavenly thunder into my very being. It’s a pursuit to boost my cultivation to new heights.”
“Seth, you’re a madman who doesn’t cherish life!” Frost, watching from afar, had a mixed expression.
Besides being amazed, he admired Seth. Such an act, breaking into the realm of terrestrial immortals at the cost of one’s life, was akin to seeking death. Regardless of success or failure, the only outcome was death.
“Uncle Seth! No!” Dustin yelled desperately at the mountain’s base. When the celestial anomalies appeared, Dustin realized something was wrong. Seeing Seth pushing his cultivation with thunder around him, Dustin grasped the situation.
Seth was sacrificing himself to pave the way for him.
“The Sword Whisperer-no wonder they call him that!” Glenn, observing from a distance, was genuinely amazed.
The realm of terrestrial immortals was the ultimate goal for all martial artists, a realm both desirable and unattainable.
There were many ultimate grandmasters throughout the history of Dragonmarsh, but only one in the realm of terrestrial immortals-Arion Foyer from the Sacred Wrym Summit.
Aside from Arion, the world had gained another mythical figure. Seth was surrounded by purple light on the mountaintop, and thunder from the sky relentlessly struck his body.
His once heroic face rapidly aged, and his jet-black hair turned ashen white at a visible speed. In just a few moments, the once vigorous Seth became an elderly man with white hair.
Despite forcefully breaking through the realm, his vitality was completely drained, and his lifespan was on the verge of ending. Seth used his blood as a guide and his life as a conduit. His sacrifice granted him unparalleled strength.
“This sword technique-I call it the Draconic Edge. I hope that there will be lasting peace from now on, and the world will be free from any more conflicts or troubles.”
He raised the Dragon Sparrow Sword and gently waved it toward the sky. It was a simple, straightforward move without any unnecessary frills.
###Chapter 1694 by Marina Vittori
A vibrant purple sword aura zoomed through the air, racing toward Oakvale at an incredible speed. Starting at three feet, it grew an inch for every foot, rapidly expanding to over thirty feet in just a few moments.
As the sword aura moved, the sky and the ground changed colors, and thunder rumbled. It sliced through the clouds, leaving a smooth, mirror-like cut in its wake.
Growing and speeding up, the purple sword aura appeared to possess the power to reshape the very essence of reality. It instilled a bone-chilling awe in those who witnessed it.
As Seth unleashed this mighty stroke, Alaric, the second-ranked on the Astonishing World List, had wisely retreated ten miles away. The once- confident powerhouse was now sweating and panicking.
“Madman! You’re a madman! Risking soul and sanity to boost your cultivation? I won’t indulge your madness!”
Alaric cursed vehemently as he fled toward the Dragon Guard, seeking refuge in the protection of vital force and ancient formations.
He felt that even if Seth had made a breakthrough, he wasn’t much of a threat. The mountain protection array, a testament to Alaric’s life’s dedication, awaited activation. It was originally designed to thwart Arion, but it would be used today.
At that critical moment, a breaking sound echoed from behind. Alaric turned around. He saw a colossal sword aura, three hundred feet long, hurtling toward him with unstoppable force.
Wherever the sword aura went, it destroyed rocks and wiped out the forest. Surprisingly, it was locked onto Alaric, and there was no way for him to escape.
“How … How is this possible?” Alaric’s eyes widened in shock.
The sword aura was getting closer. In a desperate move, he raised his Inferno Fury Spear, creating a thick red barrier.
But the sword aura passed through effortlessly. It pierced both the barrier and Alaric’s body as it continued its trajectory toward the Dragon Guard.
The Inferno Fury Spear shattered into two pieces, falling to the ground with a crisp sound.
Alaric stood frozen. He looked down and noticed his clothes were torn apart. Then, blood started to ooze out. The bloodstain quickly spread, starting from the top and making its way down.
Soon, blood began to drip from his forehead, tracing a path down to his thigh.
“N-No… I-Impossible … I …”
Before Alaric could react, his body was abruptly cleaved in two by the emerging bloodstain. The left side toppled to the left, and the right side fell to the right, creating the appearance of wood split by an ax.
Two muffled thuds followed, and his lifeless body lay sprawled. His wide- open eyes carried an expression of disbelief. He never expected to be killed like this in the wilderness.
They were a silent testament to the fall of the second-ranked powerhouse, the supreme authority of Dragonmarsh.
With a mere wave of his hand, he could control the elements, deciding the fate of everyone. Destined and blessed with vitality, he should have lived a long and prosperous life.
Why? Why did he meet his end? Where did it all go wrong?
###Chapter 1695 by Marina Vittori
Alaric’s unexpected demise happened out in the wilderness. His lifeless body eventually became a meal for wild dogs.
Nobody expected that the second- ranked Astonishing World List powerhouse and Chief Guildmaster of Dragon Guard would end up as a meal for wild animals.
Ironically, not even his bones were spared from this undignified fate. Meanwhile, a pressing assembly unfolded in Dragon Guard, gathering esteemed venerated members, elders, and officials.
Two hours had elapsed since Chief Guildmaster Alaric emerged from seclusion, yet there was still no sign of him. Under normal circumstances, this wouldn’t raise an alarm.
They were aware that he was in a fierce battle with Seth, the Sword Whisperer, who matched him closely in strength.
Even though Alaric might have been stronger one-on-one, there was still concern about a possible surprise attack from the West Lucozian monarchy.
“Any updates from Chief Guildmaster’s side?”
Urgency marked the entrance of a white -bearded elder, joining the assembly of two or three dozen high-ranking members of the Dragon Guard.
These people were the backbone of the Dragon Guard, wielding power in the political arena, and their influence stretched far and wide. To them, the royal family was just a pawn, as they were the true rulers of Dragonmarsh.
“We dispatched someone to investigate, but there’s no information yet,” one of the officials responded.
“Is this how you manage things? Letting the Chief Guildmaster venture alone into danger? If something happens to him, who will take responsibility?” the white-bearded elder rebuked.
“Don’t worry, Elder Lucius. Our Chief Guildmaster possesses unparalleled skills and the protection of vital force. Unless Arion intervenes, no one can match him,” one of the officials reassured.
“People often say it’s a tough challenge. If the three aces from the West Lucozian monarchy team up, even Chief Guildmaster won’t have an easy time,” Elder Lucius explained seriously.
For years, the Dragon Guard had shown restraint toward the West Lucozian monarchy due to the threat of the Black Dragon Army and their three formidable aces: the Sword Whisperer, the Drunken Maniac, and the Executioner.
These three are formidable characters. When they join forces, they become an unstoppable and overwhelming force that no one can resist.
“Elder Lucius, stop worrying. The West Lucozian monarchy is struggling to protect itself. It’s unlikely they’d dispatch so many warriors,” the official dismissed.
The Dragon Guard had always been unstoppable, and the Chief Guildmaster, in particular, was unparalleled. Who could harm the Chief Guildmaster?
“Better safe than sorry,” Elder Lucius said, furrowing his brows. “And what about the Assistant Chief Guildmaster?
Why hasn’t he shown up yet?”
“Elder Lucius, the Assistant Chief Guildmaster, is still in seclusion. He even instructed that he should not be disturbed by anyone,” another person replied.
He remained unconvinced, stating, ” I’ll lead the reinforcements to Quandary Mountain to aid the Chief Guildmaster.”
As Elder Lucius was about to leave, a distressed Dragon Guard disciple rushed into the hall, sweating profusely.
He exclaimed, “Bad news! The life essence amulet in the Hall of Heroes, which Chief Guildmaster preserved, has shattered!”
“What?” The revelation shocked everyone. The assembled group stared in disbelief, their eyes wide, wondering if they had misheard.
“What did you just say? Repeat it!” Elder Lucius snapped, seizing a disciple of the Dragon Guard by the collar and lifting him.
Elder Lucius’ anger was visible.
“I-I saw it myself in the Hall of Heroes. Our Chief Guildmaster’s life essence amulet broke into two!” the disciple exclaimed.
In the House of Heroes, pivotal figures of the Dragon Guard each preserved a life essence amulet. When someone met their demise, the corresponding amulet would shatter without delay.
Elder Lucius had glimpsed this phenomenon on a previous occasion, but it was a regular official’s amulet breaking.
Little did he anticipate witnessing the Chief Guildmaster’s amulet shattering today-a grim omen pointing to the untimely demise of the Dragon Guard’s leader.
“No! It can’t be. Chief Guildmaster is unbeatable! This must be a mistake!” Elder Lucius shouted, refusing to accept the grim reality.
In a state of shock, he pushed the disciple aside and rushed with a group of members to the House of Heroes. The sight that awaited them was beyond anything they could have imagined.
###Chapter 1696 by Marina Vittori
In the upper echelons of the House of Heroes, the symbolic life essence amulet representing the Chief Guildmaster had split into two halves.
The life essence amulet, crafted from a unique material impervious to blades and flames, was nearly indestructible from external forces. Its vulnerability lay in self-shattering when the amulet’s owner met their demise.
Despite its incredibility, the undeniable truth unfolded before their eyes. The Chief Guildmaster Alaric had indeed met an inexplicable end with no forewarning.
“Chief Guildmaster!” Elder Lucius collapsed as he was overwhelmed with grief. Their friendship ran deep, and Alaric’s sudden death was an unbearable blow.
“Who did this? Who killed the Chief Guildmaster?”
“Whoever it is, we must avenge the Chief Guildmaster!”
“All disciples of the Dragon Guard, listen up! Immediately head to Quandary Mountain and annihilate the murderer!”
After a brief moment of astonishment, the entire Dragon Guard erupted into chaos. Members of various ranks hastily assembled, and a terrifying force began to coalesce.
At that moment, the sky seemed to echo with thunderous roars. A tremendous pressure suddenly descended upon the Dragon Guard, shrouding Wyvern Ridge.
“What’s happening?”
Wherever it passed, the earth quivered, all things fell silent, and the space itself distorted.
From a distance, it appeared as if the sky had been covered, blocking out the bright sunlight. The shadow of the sword aura enveloped the entire mountain range.
The sky, now completely darkened, sent shivers through everyone present. Under the oppressive weight of what felt like a colossal mountain, they all stood frozen, motionless, and breathless.
“This sword technique-I call it the Draconic Edge. I hope that there will be lasting peace from now on, and the world will be free from any more conflicts or troubles.”
At this moment, an ethereal voice resonated throughout the sky and earth, accompanying the astonishing sword aura that descended upon Wyvern Ridge.
“Quick! Activate the mountain protection array!”
Elder Lucius was the first to react, issuing a panicked and desperate cry. However, everything was already too late. The sword aura was simply too fast, taking only a few short seconds from its appearance to its arrival.
When the Guild members regained their senses, the colossal sword aura descended heavily, cleaving through the entire Dragon Guard. A deafening sound echoed, and the sword aura slashed apart the once extravagant Dragon Guard.
Magnificent buildings crumbled into dust, including Elder Lucius and other Dragon Guard warriors, who disintegrated without a trace beneath the impact of the sword aura.
Another earth-shattering sound followed. The sword aura that annihilated the Dragon Guard and its residual force continued to descend, striking Wyvern Ridge with incredible force. The vast Wyvern Ridge was directly split in two by the sword aura, reaching deep into the underground.
The vital force concealed beneath Wyvern Ridge did not escape unscathed and was severed by the sword aura. As the vital force of the land fractured, crystalline energy surged from within the cracks and ascended to the highest realms.
Gradually, it transformed into five streams of radiant light, dispersing into various corners of the world and fading into obscurity.
###Chapter 1697 by Marina Vittori
The Dragon Guard lay in ruins, and the entire Wyvern Ridge, along with the vital force beneath, was severed by a single strike from Seth’s sword. This powerful strike sent shockwaves throughout Aylka.
Within the Regal Observatory, the Elder Sage sat upon a massive compass, engaged in hushed recitations. Suddenly, the ground shook as if in an earthquake.
The central compass, under the impact, burst open with a resounding crack. Elder Sage trembled, spat out a mouthful of blood, and was visibly wounded.
“Master! What happened to you?” Grace, who had just entered, was startled and rushed to assist him.
“It’s an inevitable twist of fate! An inevitable twist!” Elder Sage sighed deeply and coughed.
“Master! What do you mean?” she asked.
“The vital force… has been destroyed!”
He said mournfully, “My earlier prediction has hit the mark. A single sword has sliced through the vital force of the Dragonmarsh.
“From now on, things in the government will be a mess, and the fate of the nation is on a downward spiral. Brace yourselves as our kingdom is on the verge of a major transformation.”
“What? The vital force is gone?”
Grace’s expression changed dramatically. Though mentally prepared, the actual arrival of this tragic news was still difficult to accept.
“Grace, without the vital force, unrest will quickly spread throughout the realm. You must inform the royal family early and try to stabilize the situation as much as possible,” Elder Sage advised.
“I’ve already informed my father about this matter, but he’s been unwell lately. My brothers are engaged in political intrigue, vying for the throne.
“They’re neglecting these issues,” she explained with a furrowed brow. Her father, weakened by constant exertion, had been bedridden recently. Rumors ran rife within the royal family, and several powerful princes were maneuvering to seize the throne.
At that moment, no one was willing to step forward and take charge.
“Alas… It’s all fate!” He seemed to have foreseen this and sighed again.
“The vital force affects the nation’s fortune and, in turn, influences the entire royal family. With the destruction of the vital force, Aylka will only become more chaotic. Be prepared for the tumultuous times ahead.”
“Master, is there really no room for recovery?” Grace asked with a furrowed brow. The Elder Sage remained silent, his gaze fixed on the celestial bodies as he sought signs and omens.
After a brief pause, he spoke with measured words, “The essence of the celestial path lies in restoring balance and addressing inadequacies while moderating redundancies.
“Though the rupture of the vital force has left a significant mark, it reassures us that destiny never leaves us without recourse.”
He went on, “I have deduced that the vital force has transformed into five streams of dracan essence, dispersed across various parts of the world. Whoever can harness this dracan essence will be the chosen one.
“If you can locate these five individuals, Dragonmarsh will not only avert decline but also ascend to unprecedented power. However, achieving such a feat is exceedingly difficult.”
He added, “The world is vast, and uncovering it is akin to finding a needle in a haystack. The crucial challenge lies in identifying individuals recognized by the dracan essence, a task nearly impossible to achieve.”
At the end of his words, Elder Sage sighed once more.
He pondered, “The destruction of the vital force was a disaster for the current government. Yet, as the saying goes, things get better with time.
“Perhaps in the future, there will be a better leader and a brighter era. No one can really predict how things will turn out.”
###Chapter 1698 by Marina Vittori
“Master, no matter how challenging it is, I’m determined to give it a try!” Grace declared resolutely. With her father bedridden and her unreliable brothers, she had no choice but to take up the responsibility and attempt to salvage Dragonmarsh’s losses as much as possible.
“Go then. Be prepared. You’re the only one with a chance to accomplish this,” Elder Sage advised, emphasizing the importance of her role.
“Take care, Master. I’ll visit you when I can.” Grace bowed deeply and quickly took her leave. The destruction of the vital force demanded immediate action.
“The cycle of generations has unfolded, with each era having its rulers and subjects. As head of the Regal Observatory, the time has come for me to take my leave.” Elder Sage sighed.
He stood up unsteadily, performed rituals, and changed into fresh clothes. After arranging everything, he returned to his seat, closed his eyes, and waited.
After some time, a gust of wind blew through, extinguishing the suspended lanterns. Elder Sage’s head drooped, bidding farewell to the world.
On the other side, on top of Quandary Mountain, Seth, who had unleashed the final strike, now resembled an elderly man on the brink of death.
His body was covered in fine cracks, like a porcelain vase about to shatter.
“Logan…” Seth’s gaze shifted to Dustin at the mountain’s foot, giving him a faint smile. “It’s been many years. You’ve grown quite a bit. I almost didn’t recognize you.”
“Uncle Seth…” Dustin’s eyes welled up, choked with emotion. He could keenly sense Seth’s life force rapidly dwindling. This irreversible outcome had been set in motion when Seth forcibly boosted his cultivation.
“I’ve led a righteous life, deserving an honorable living, but I owe a debt to your mother.”
Seth continued, “She saved my life, and I couldn’t repay that favor. Now, I’ll return that life to you, considering it a resolution.
“You’re my only disciple, and I don’t have much to give, but take this Dragon Sparrow Sword as a token of my goodwill.”
As he spoke, he tossed the Dragon Sparrow Sword high in the air, and it embedded itself in the rock in front of Dustin.
Despite the proximity of the renowned sword he had long desired, Dustin’s hands trembled, hesitant to touch it.
“Logan, I have a favor to ask you…” Seth’s body began to dissipate, his voice becoming ethereal. He continued, “If you get the chance, visit Serene Village in Aetherburg. Find a woman named Blossom and tell her I’ve traveled far and won’t be coming back. Let her find someone else to marry.
“Oh, right. There’s a girl in the village named Hazel who has a promising talent. Nurture her well. She could be of great use in the future. That’s about it.
“Take care, Logan. Be cautious in everything. I won’t be able to help you anymore. You’ll have to rely on yourself for everything.”
As those last words echoed, Seth’s body completely transformed into dust, vanishing into the expanse of sky and earth.
With a breakthrough in cultivation and a single stroke of the Draconic Edge, the world’s foremost swordsman, the Sword Whisperer Seth, met his demise.
###Chapter 1699 by Marina Vittori
“Uncle Seth… Uncle Seth!”
As Seth’s body slowly dissipated, Dustin’s eyes turned red, and his voice grew desperate. Having been severely injured earlier, he was overwhelmed, spewing another mouthful of blood before collapsing to the ground. In a daze, a dejected expression adorned his face.
In the relentless pursuit of truth and vengeance, he had sacrificed too much. Another loved one had departed.
Was his quest worth all the sacrifices? Would there have been so many casualties if not for his vengeance- driven choices?
“For a swordsman, perhaps this is the best ending,” Glenn said. His gaze fixed on the trembling Dragon Sparrow Sword, and he added, “The Sword Whisperer lived a brilliant life.
“Even in his final moments, he shone brightly-single-handedly slaying Alaric, destroying the Dragon Guard, and saving the world. A true hero, unparalleled.”
Glenn was typically arrogant and dismissive, even toward his own master, but found himself genuinely impressed by Seth. It was the true brilliance a Sword Whisperer should possess, something all swordsmen could only aspire to.
“It’s all because of me! Uncle Seth wouldn’t have died if it weren’t for saving me!” Dustin regretted his actions and lay on the ground with tears streaming down his face.
If seeking revenge meant losing more loved ones, he’d rather live his life as a nobody and drift aimlessly through it.
At that moment, he grasped the decisions his father made years ago – the death of his mother and his powerful father enduring humiliation.
Initially perceiving his father as weak and fearful of losing power and status, Dustin came to realize that his father’s fear wasn’t centered on losing power but on avoiding the sacrifice of more loved ones.
Some experiences were impossible to comprehend without walking in another’s shoes. Could it be that his father was the most helpless and tormented person back then?
“Logan, if you let this affect you, then I’ve misjudged you,” Glenn stated coldly.
“Seth’s death was his own choice, his decision. It has nothing to do with you. Also, do you think you can live peacefully by doing nothing? You’re terribly naive!
“Dragon Guard had strategically planned a decade ago, aiming to annex the West Lucozian monarchy. The moment has now arrived.
“Whether or not you were involved in these affairs, calamity is inevitable- just a matter of days sooner or later.”
Glenn continued, “As the Crown Prince of West Lucozia, you carry everyone’s hopes and should shoulder corresponding responsibilities!
“Instead of crying and blaming yourself, it’s better to stand up and continue your unfinished plans, even if they are wrong. Only then can the sacrifices for you have meaning! Do you understand?”
Then, Glenn grabbed Dustin’s collar and lifted him. Glenn rarely got angry, but seeing Dustin in such a pitiful state infuriated him.
After listening to Glenn’s words, Dustin’s desolate expression gradually eased. In his lifeless eyes, a glimmer of spirit returned.
Dustin said resolutely, “You’re right. I can’t let Uncle Seth’s sacrifice be in vain. I can’t disappoint those who sacrificed for me. I must continue forward. I must change everything!”
Rather than stumbling through life and shedding tears, he would continue walking, honoring his loved ones.
“Exactly. This is the dignified attitude a Kirin should have!” Glenn nodded in satisfaction.
###Chapter 1700 by Marina Vittori
Firstly, Glenn and Dustin were cousins. Secondly, encountering a worthy opponent was rare, and Glenn didn’t wish for Dustin to be disheartened.
After all, the solitary pursuit of victory was too monotonous.
“Logan, you’ll have to walk the rest of the way yourself. We’ll meet again someday,” Glenn said before swiftly vanishing from sight.
The Sword Union’s mission was to kill Dustin, but Glenn defied the order and provided assistance. He was well aware of the inevitable consequences awaiting him at the sect.
His explanation was concise: anyone who dared to challenge him could do so, and the sword in his hand would provide the answer.
“Sir, how’s your injury?” Abigail asked with concern.
“I’m fine.” Dustin shook his head, surveying the battlefield littered with corpses. He said, “This place is not suitable for a prolonged stay. Let’s head back.”
Though Alaric was dead, the Dragon Guard was not entirely wiped out. In case skilled warriors arrived, Dustin, in his current state, wouldn’t be able to handle them. They needed to retreat promptly.
After walking on the main road, they got into a car and headed straight for Oakvale.
However, when the car was halfway there, a large number of fully armed soldiers suddenly appeared ahead. These soldiers quickly surrounded Dustin’s vehicle.
Abigail’s expression changed when she saw them, and she immediately took out poison, saying, “This is unbelievable! Why are there still enemies?”
“Sir, stay in the car. I’ll deal with these guys!” With that, she was about to get out of the car to release the poison.
“Wait! They’re not enemies! They’re reinforcements!” He immediately intervened.
“Reinforcements?” She was momentarily stunned, not fully grasping the situation. Then, the door of the leading vehicle on the opposite side suddenly opened. Adam, his body stained with blood, rushed over urgently.
“Bro! My Bro!” Adam ran and shouted, looking extremely anxious. When he saw Dustin covered in blood, his expression changed dramatically.
“Oh my god! How did you get injured like this? Quick, hurry up! Medic!” He waved frantically to the back, signaling for medical assistance for Dustin.
“No need to make a fuss. I’m fine,” Dustin shook his head.
“You’re spitting blood, and you say you’re fine? Bro, you’re really something,” Adam said, looking amused.
“I’m a doctor. I know my own body. It’s not fatal for now,” Dustin replied.
“That’s a relief,” Adam sighed in relief.
“We encountered an interception on the road just now. Martial Arts Union soldiers tried to stop us. I managed to force them back, but it delayed us by an hour. Fortunately, you’re safe.”
“Logan!”
At that moment, a hurried call echoed. Dressed in a red martial outfit with flowing silver hair, Scarlet rushed over anxiously, bulldozing her way through and knocking down anyone in her path.
Her face, typically radiating elegance, now reflected panic and deep concern.
###Chapter 1701 by Marina Vittori
“Logan, what happened? Who did this to you? I’ll make sure to take care of them!” Scarlet rushed forward. Her eyes filled with both concern and anger as she saw Dustin covered in blood and visibly upset.
Upon learning about his situation, she promptly led her troops to rush over. Despite facing several obstacles along the way, she effortlessly eliminated the threat, even at the cost of some valuable time.
Prepared for any challenge, she was ready to confront opposition, even if it meant going against the nation.
“I’m not seriously hurt. Don’t worry, and besides, the person who hurt me is already gone.” Dustin forced a smile.
“Logan, you rest properly for now. I’ll take you to the hospital right away!” Scarlet remained concerned.
“Kid, no need to trouble yourself. I’m not in immediate danger. Besides, there’s something more important we need to focus on,” Dustin said, redirecting her attention.
“What is it?” she asked curiously.
“That sword strike from before, you all saw it, right?” he asked.
“We saw it.” Scarlet’s expression turned serious. “That strike was terrifying, beyond anything I could imagine. I never thought there could be someone so powerful in the world.”
“That was Uncle Seth’s final strike before his death.”
Dustin frowned, wearing a complex expression. “If everything went as expected, Dragonmarsh’s vital force would have been destroyed, and the Dragon Guard in power would have suffered significant blows.
“In the coming period, the entire Oakvale will be in turmoil. Your family, the Spanners, should make preparations.”
“What? Uncle Seth is dead?” Scarlet’s expression changed. “Who killed him?”
She had trained with Dustin and received guidance from Seth. In her eyes, Seth’s swordsmanship was unrivaled.
“How could a powerhouse like Uncle Seth possibly die?” Scarlet wondered.
“Uncle Seth sacrificed himself to save me. Faced with overwhelming odds, he forcibly boosted his cultivation. But in the end, he couldn’t bear the burden and vanished into thin air,” Dustin explained, his expression once again melancholic.
“Logan, my condolences,” Scarlet said with a heavy heart.
“Although Uncle Seth has passed away, his legendary charisma will remain in everyone’s hearts. I will also inherit his will and live on.”
Even as Dustin said those words, some things couldn’t be easily let go of in a short time.
“Buddy, you mentioned the Dragon Guard being destroyed, and Oakvale is about to fall into chaos. Is it true?” Adam cautiously asked.
“How much do you know about the Dragon Guard?” Dustin countered with a question instead of answering.
“Not much. We’ve only heard about it occasionally. It’s said the Dragon Guard is a very mysterious organization with immense power that can influence the royal family,” Adam replied.
“The Dragon Guard approached me once and wanted me to join them, but I declined. After that, I didn’t delve much further into it,” Scarlet explained.
At the age of 18, when she attained Grandmaster status and was acclaimed as the Scarlet Warrior, the Dragon Guard attempted to recruit her. However, she didn’t give it much thought at the time and simply dismissed the proposition.
“I only learned about the Dragon Guard today,” Dustin said solemnly.
He explained further, “This organization holds immense power, and its members are influential figures. Their influence spans the entire Dragonmarsh, even controlling the current King.”
“That powerful?” Adam’s eyes widened. Though he had heard of it, he didn’t know the specifics.
###Chapter 1702 by Marina Vittori
“Due to their power and the aftermath of the Dragon Guard’s demise, the repercussions are bound to be substantial. The exact outcomes are unpredictable, and I just hope none of you get entangled in the chaos,” Dustin cautioned.
“Being situated in Oakvale and belonging to the four ancient houses, we can’t avoid being affected. This upheaval seems inevitable,” Adam replied, shaking his head.
With the immense power that the Dragon Guard held, its downfall would inevitably cause chaos.
In the absence of a central authority, various factions and militant leaders would likely seize the opportunity to cause trouble. The Spanner family, as one of the ancient houses, couldn’t afford to stand idly by.
“The world’s affairs go through cycles of unity and division. The Dragon Guard ruled for so long, causing harm to countless loyalists. Any force that resisted or posed a threat was ruthlessly eliminated. Now that they are facing the consequences, it’s karma at play,” Scarlet stated coldly.
She remembered the Aylka Rebellion, where many lives were lost, including Logan’s mother, Alba.
Alba was an exceptionally kind and gentle woman, always involved in charitable acts and having helped countless people. She even treated beggars with respect.
That was the Alba in Scarlet’s memory.
However, this benevolent soul fell victim to the sinister schemes of the Dragon Guard. Alongside her, many loyal patriots who served the nation were also laid to rest.
Such organizations, as demonstrated by their actions, were bound for ultimate destruction.
“Even though the Dragon Guard has been destroyed, there are likely remnants at large. It’s still a force to be reckoned with, and I will continue to investigate,” Dustin declared solemnly.
Alaric met his end, and Seth’s sword strike took the lives of most of the Dragon Guard’s key members. However, completely rooting out the long-standing influence of the Dragon Guard in a short period proves to be an extremely challenging task.
Following today’s conflict, the West Lucozian monarchy and the Dragon Guard have severed their ties, setting the stage for an unavoidable and unwavering conflict between the two sides. His sole mission is to kill any remaining remnants of the Dragon Guard!
“Logan, besides the remnants of the Dragon Guard, you should also keep an eye on the royal family’s movements. With the current chaos, they might reclaim power,” Scarlet reminded him.
Then, she cautioned, “However, with the King ailing and the princes not being exemplary rulers, if one of them ascends, they might see you as a thorn in their side.”
The West Lucozian monarchy held considerable influence, having reached the zenith of dominance.
The current king demonstrated a sensible approach by acknowledging the loyalty of the Rhys family and refraining from unwarranted actions. However, the behavior of several selfish princes raised concerns.
If these princes were to assume the throne, there would be a significant risk of them perpetrating various forms of harassment, potentially reigniting the tragic events of a decade ago. It stood as Scarlet’s foremost concern at present.
“The royal family’s stance will determine mine. If they wish for peaceful coexistence, we’ll stay vigilant on the borders. But if they insist on being oppressive, we’ll have to rise,” Dustin said unabashedly.
“Agreed!” Scarlet pledged her unconditional support. “Whatever you decide, Logan, I’m with you!”
“And me too,” Abigail chimed in. “Sir, if the King dares to harm you, I’ll help you poison him!”
“Buddy, you really know how to give me a headache!” Adam shook his head, somewhat resigned.
He continued, “Well, I guess I’ll just sacrifice myself for a noble cause. Let’s hope the King doesn’t act foolishly. Otherwise, Dragonmarsh might change hands sooner than expected.”
###Chapter 1703 by Marina Vittori
As night fell, Dustin finally returned to the villa in the southern city of Oakvale. As for Scarlet, Adam, Abigail, and the others, they had gone back to prepare for the upcoming unrest.
So much had happened during his trip to Quandary Mountain. Although he had learned the truth and eradicated the Dragon Guard, Seth’s death left him in deep sorrow.
He was exhausted, both physically and mentally. He longed for a good night’s sleep, free from thoughts and responsibilities. He wanted to just drift into sleep and wake up naturally.
Perhaps tomorrow would be better.
Their car came to a stop at the entrance of the villa, and Dustin got off wearily.
He had just opened the door when he spotted a woman sitting in the living room. She was dressed in white, wearing a veil that covered her face.
The woman had a graceful figure and emitted a unique fragrance. Although her features were not visible, she gave off a gentle, outstanding allure.
“Grace?” Dustin recognized the woman seated on the sofa immediately. Her attire, demeanor, and distinctive fragrance were hard to forget.
“Dustin, you’re back?” Maximus poured a cup of tea and placed it on the table before approaching Dustin.
He informed him, “Ms. Linsor here has come to see you again, claiming it’s important. However, she’s being mysterious about it. Be careful.”
“Don’t worry, I know what to do. You can go and rest now.” Dustin nodded, signaling Maximus to leave. He then sat on the nearby sofa. “Ms. Linsor, may I know what brings you here at this hour?” he asked calmly.
“I know what happened at Quandary Mountain today,” Grace said.
“And?” Dustin was calm, not betraying any surprise. It was obvious that Grace was no ordinary person and was most likely a member of the royal family. It was not surprising that she had found out about the major events that happened today.
Not to mention, she was a disciple of the Regal Observatory and excelled in divination. She probably knew more than the average member of the royal family.
“Seth had severed the vital force. This significantly impacts the fate of the nation. To recover what has been lost, I must collect the five Dracan essences emitted by the vital force.
“However, this is an extremely challenging task that I cannot accomplish alone. So I hope you can help me.” Grace got straight to the point.
“And why should I help you?” Dustin countered.
“This happened because of you. You are involved and can’t just escape responsibility. Besides, you’ll also benefit greatly once we locate the Dracan essences. It’s a mutually advantageous deal,” Grace said earnestly.
“I’m sorry, I’m tired right now and not interested in getting myself involved in these matters. Please find someone else,” Dustin refused flatly.
“Logan, this is your destiny. You can’t escape it. For yourself, for West Lucozia, and for Dragonmarsh, we must find the Dracan essences. It is the only way to restore peace to the world!”
Grace insisted.
“Ms. Linsor, let me be clear that the severing of the vital force and the destruction of the Dragon Guard are not necessarily bad things to me. In fact, it also presents an opportunity for the royal family.
“As for restoring peace to the world, honestly, I’m not ready for that. I have a lot of troubles to deal with, and I don’t have the energy to worry about anything else. So, please leave,” Dustin ordered.
He wasn’t a saint and couldn’t bear the responsibility of saving the world. He still had blood feuds to settle and mysteries to unravel. Saving the world had nothing to do with him.
At least, not for the time being.
“Logan, you will help me. This is fate. There’s a bond between us that cannot be untied,” Grace said.
“Ms. Linsor, I have no interest in your art of divination, and I don’t even know if it’s real or fake. I’m very tired, and the only thing I want to do now is rest,” Dustin said wearily. “Please, let me sleep. Alright?”
“I’m afraid you won’t be able to sleep tonight.” Grace shook her head. ” Someone important wants to see you, and it cannot be delayed.”
###Chapter 1704 by Marina Vittori
“Someone important? Who?” Dustin asked.
“The King.” Grace dropped a bombshell.
“Huh?” Dustin frowned slightly, feeling puzzled. Wasn’t the King ill and bedridden? Why would he want to meet him?
Dustin wondered if it concerned the Dragon Guard or perhaps the vital force. Would this journey be dangerous? Would there be an ambush waiting for him in Aylka?
“You can stop the blind guessing,”
Grace said calmly, seemingly seeing through his concerns.
“If the King wanted to harm you, he wouldn’t have sent me here to invite you. He would have just sent the elite fighters from the palace or even the Imperial Guards. Given your current condition, would you even be able to fight them off?”
Dustin breathed a silent sigh of relief after hearing her. Admittedly, Grace had made a valid point. If the King truly intended to harm him, he wouldn’t have sent just one woman.
Considering the current circumstances, only a fool would aggravate the problem. After all, with the Dragon Guard eliminated, the highest priority for the royal family now was to consolidate power.
If anything were to happen to Dustin in Oakvale, it would undoubtedly escalate tensions. If the West Lucozian army invaded, it would be a fatal blow to the royal family.
However, since that was all in principle, he still had to make sure.
“Ms. Linsor, may I know why the King wishes to see me at this late hour?”
Dustin probed for information.
“I’m not sure either, but it’s important.
“Grace kept her response vague.
“If you won’t talk, I won’t be going.” Dustin became disinterested when he failed to fish for information.
“You-”
Grace was slightly frustrated, but for the greater good, she responded patiently, “I’m not sure about the details, but it probably has to do with important matters of the nation. For example, choosing the next successor or strengthening the borders.”
“I see.” Dustin nodded, seemingly deep in thought.
“Can you come with me now?” Grace asked.
“Seems like there’s no way to avoid it. But before we leave, I need to write a letter. Please hold on,” Dustin replied before finding a piece of paper to pen the letter.
Calling for Maximus, he instructed him, “Maximus, keep this letter safe for me. Find another place to stay tonight. If you don’t hear from me by daybreak, head to West Lucozia immediately with this letter.”
“Understood!” Maximus nodded and swiftly departed.
“You’re pretty cautious, Logan.” Grace frowned slightly but quickly schooled her expression.
She was aware that Dustin was just taking precautions against a potential ambush by the royal family, with the letter serving as evidence.
“What can I say? It’s better to be safe than sorry.” Dustin said impassively.
“Since you’ve done everything you need to do, can we leave now, Your Highness?” Grace said somewhat resentfully.
“Let’s go.” Dustin nodded.
Led by Grace, they headed straight for Aylka.
###Chapter 1705 by Marina Vittori
Late at night, an elderly man with gray hair and a stooped figure was reviewing official documents inside Galene Palace in Aylka.
He appeared pale and listless. Occasionally, he would erupt into violent coughing fits. After his coughing fits, his white handkerchief would even reveal faint bloodstains. The elderly man was none other than the reigning King, Valon Linsor.
“Your Majesty, you haven’t fully recovered from your illness. It would be wise to rest and prioritize your well- being!” an official attending to him urged.
The King had fallen ill precisely because of overexertion, resulting in excessive fatigue.
Despite having only a few days of rest and a slight recovery, he resumed the arduous task of reviewing official documents and handling various matters with unwavering dedication. How could his body possibly withstand such demands?
“No worries. I’ll be done in a little while. “Valon took a sip of tea from his cup before immersing himself back in work.
Ever since the vital force was severed, the whole nation had been in turmoil, with various rumors circulating constantly.
To restore stability, he had to announce that he had recovered from his illness and affirm his good health. That was the only way to thwart the opportunists trying to take advantage of the situation.
However, he knew full well that he didn’t have much time left. He had to make a swift decision and announce his successor to restore peace to the nation.
The attendant let out a soft sigh, pained to see the King in such a state. His Majesty had always exhibited diligence in his duties, displaying unwavering devotion to his nation and its people.
Sadly, his health was deteriorating due to exhaustion.
It was disheartening that none of his sons appeared reliable enough to share the weight of his responsibilities.
“Your Majesty…”
Right then, another attendant entered quietly and whispered, “Her Royal Highness, Princess Grace has arrived.”
“Oh? Grace is here? Please, invite them in.” Valon finally set aside his documents and freshened himself up to look more energized.
Soon, the attendant led Grace and Dustin into Galene Palace. To avoid attracting attention, Dustin had even changed into an attendant’s attire.
“Father, the person you wish to see is here.” Grace respectfully curtsied.
“Father?” Dustin looked at the person beside him in surprise. Although he had known that Grace was a member of the royal family, he didn’t expect her to be the princess.
“Both of you, leave us.” Valon signaled for the two attendants to leave. Then, he beckoned to Dustin, smiling. ” Logan, have a seat.”
“I wouldn’t dare, Your Majesty.” Dustin lowered his head slightly.
Valon laughed and teased, “You weren’t this polite back then. You even dared to sit on the throne back then.”
“I was young and ignorant back then. Please forgive me, Your Majesty,” Dustin responded.
“Alright, there’s no need to be so polite. Tonight, we’re not a ruler and his subject, just an uncle and his nephew. Have a seat,” Valon smiled.
“Thank you, Your Majesty.” Dustin nodded and eventually took a seat as instructed. Meanwhile, Grace took the initiative to pour them both a cup of tea.
“I haven’t seen you in ten years. You’ve changed a lot, Logan. I almost couldn’t recognize you,” Valon exclaimed.
“Your Majesty, you’re … still as spirited as ever.” As Dustin looked up, his pupils contracted slightly before he offered a compliment.
###Chapter 1706 by Marina Vittori
Valon looked like a completely different person compared to ten years ago. A decade ago, Valon exuded charisma and a vibrant spirit, commanding dignity befitting a ruler.
However, the Valon today appeared frail and listless, looking like an elderly person nearing the end of life. This was despite him being only in his fifties. At his age, he was supposed to be in his prime. Why did he appear so aged?
“When did you get so good at talking, kid?” Valon chuckled.
“Well, this might be for the better. You’ve lost a little bit of edge and appear calmer. Seems like you’ve grown mature.”
Dustin lowered his head slightly, remaining silent.
Before the tragic incident that occurred all those years ago, both families had shared a close relationship. Dustin’s father and Valon even considered themselves brothers. They were able to talk about everything.
However, all of that had changed. Even though the Dragon Guard were the ones who plotted the assassination, it did not rule out the possibility that the royal family took part in it. That was why he still didn’t know how to act before Valon.
If Valon chose to be honest, they would be able to continue their conversation. However, if Valon chose to be evasive, then tonight’s meeting would be meaningless.
“Logan, are you curious about the reason I asked to see you tonight?” Valon suddenly changed the subject.
“I’m not sure what I can help you with, Your Majesty,” Dustin responded with a neutral tone.
“One of the reasons I sought you out was to resolve past grievances. I also have a favor to ask.”
Valon said truthfully, “I believe you’ve learned some truths from your visit to Scenic Monastery today. I might look mighty as the King, but there are many things beyond my control.
“When your family became the target of the assassination attempt years ago, I should have provided full support and stood by your father in the fight against the Dragon Guard.
“But I was too afraid. I have always felt guilty about this incident. For the past ten years, I have spent every day and night in regret and self-blame.
“If I had been a bit braver back then, perhaps your mother wouldn’t have died, and the tragedy of that year wouldn’t have occurred.
“Unfortunately, there’s no remedy for regrets, and every step I took was a mistake. I just wanted to let you know that I’m truly sorry,” Valon said, lowering his head in guilt.
“Father?” Grace was stunned.
She didn’t expect her usually strong- willed father to apologize voluntarily. It was unprecedented for a ruler to apologize to his subject.
“Your Majesty, the past is in the past.” Dustin’s heart was in turmoil, but he appeared calm on the surface. Valon’s apology had come as a surprise, and that had diminished the slight hostility he carried for the most part.
If he thought from his perspective, Valon hadn’t actually done anything wrong. He had only acted in self- defense. However, while Dustin could forgive him, both families would never return to how they were before.
“Logan, in fact, I also have to thank you. Even though severing the vital force had impacted the fate of the nation, it had also led to the destruction of the Dragon Guard.
“For the past ten years, I’ve been amassing strength in secret to overthrow the rule of the Dragon Guard. Unexpectedly, due to a twist of fate, you’ve helped me accomplish that ahead of time. So, I must thank you.
“Of course, although the Dragon Guard has officially been eliminated, there are still some of them out there. You need to be extremely careful in the coming days.”
“From the way they work, they will definitely come for you, seeking revenge,” Valon warned seriously.
The influence of the Dragon Guard ran deep, and it was impossible to destroy them completely. It wasn’t an exaggeration to claim that almost half of the court officials had ties to the Dragon Guard.
If he wanted to eliminate them entirely, having a good plan in mind was important.
###Chapter 1707 by Marina Vittori
“Thank you for the reminder, Your Majesty. I’ve already made preparations. Even if the Dragon Guard does not come looking for me, I will seek them out,” Dustin said. “In short, I will not give up until the Dragon Guard is totally destroyed!”
“Your determination is commendable. I will support you fully and provide you with all the resources you may require, “Valon said seriously.
“Thank you, Your Majesty.” Dustin didn’t refuse his offer, only nodding in acknowledgment.
Regardless of the past, at least for now, both of them shared a common enemy and could work together temporarily. They would go their separate ways after everything was settled.
“Logan, I know you still have many questions. Just ask away, I will answer everything that I know of tonight,” Valon said.
“I do have a question that I’d like to ask, Your Majesty.”
Dustin appeared to have remembered something and asked, “Would you happen to know where Reston Rever is?
Although the Dragon Guard was destroyed, he still didn’t have the full truth of what happened that year. The Prince of Carsonne had mentioned that there was a traitor in West Lucozia- The General of the Central Cavalry, Reston Rever.
Reston excelled in both the literary and martial arts with outstanding military achievements and was also a close friend of Dustin’s father.
Dustin couldn’t understand why such a talented person would betray West Lucozia and work for the Dragon Guard. He needed a clear answer and reclaim justice from that year!
“Reston Rever?”
Valon’s pupils contracted, and he said meaningfully, “He’s not an easy person to deal with! He was the mastermind behind the assassination attempt incident back then.
“After that, he escaped by faking his death and assumed a new identity. He’s an extremely cunning man.”
“Does that mean you know where Reston is now, Your Majesty?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“I don’t know exactly where he is at the moment, but I’m aware of his identity after assuming a new persona,” Valon explained.
“Oh? What name does he go by now?” Dustin asked.
“Reston Rever now goes by Reagan Judd. The people refer to him as Mr. Judd,” Valon revealed.
“What? Reston is Mr. Judd?” Dustin’s expression hardened slightly. The revelation that the mysterious Mr. Judd was Reston’s alias deepened his sense of bewilderment.
Ten years ago, Reston, as Mr. Judd, saved the critically injured Cinna and visited him regularly. Why would he do that if he was a traitor? Had Reston used Cinna as bait to lure him out?
The alarming thing was that information on Cinna and his location was provided to him by his stepmother, Eloise. If this had been a trap, didn’t that mean Eloise was highly suspicious?
These thoughts left him deeply disturbed.
“Reston not only changed his name, but he also has another identity-the Dragon Guard’s Assistant Chief Guildmaster,” Valon said, dropping another bombshell.
“The Dragon Guard’s Assistant Chief Guildmaster?” Dustin’s brow furrowed even more.
“So, he betrayed West Lucozia and my father just for the position of Assistant Chief Guildmaster?”
“It’s not that simple.” Valon shook his head.
“To be precise, Reston was a Dragon Guard member from the very beginning. He had approached your father with ulterior motives. His betrayal back then had all been part of the Dragon Guard’s plan.”
“So, it turns out that Reston had been a mole the entire time. We trusted him wholeheartedly, but it turns out that everything had been a lie-friendship, loyalty, sworn brothers in life and death. It was all a joke!” Dustin’s expression darkened, and his eyes grew cold.
“Logan, I’ve already investigated today’s events. Even though the Dragon Guard has been destroyed with many key members dead or heavily injured, we didn’t find Reston’s body among them. It’s very likely that he is still alive,” Valon warned.
###Chapter 1708 by Marina Vittori
“It’s good that he’s alive! That way I can personally seek revenge and eliminate Reston and the rest of the Dragon Guard members once and for all!” Dustin said with fierce determination.
“This matter requires careful planning. You should not rush into it. Reston is a cunning man. It’s easy to fall into his trap if you act recklessly,” Valon said solemnly.
Upon hearing him, Dustin took a deep breath and suppressed the anger within him. He understood all too well that anger wouldn’t resolve any issues. It was going to be a challenge to deal with someone as cunning as Reston who hid in the shadows.
“Logan, I’ll constantly keep an eye on any updates about Reston and the Dragon Guard. I’ll let you know of any news immediately,” Valon promised.
“Thank you, Your Majesty,” Dustin expressed his gratitude with a respectful bow.
Valon had endured a decade of hardships and must have accumulated a massive influence during that time. Now, with the Dragon Guard’s downfall, he was finally Dragonmarsh’s true ruler.
With Valon’s unwavering support, it would only be a matter of time to have Reston captured and the rest of the Dragon Guard members eliminated.
“Logan, if you have no other questions, let’s talk about plans for the future,” Valon suddenly changed the topic.
“I wonder what you’re referring to, Your Majesty?” Dustin focused intently.
“Logan, you’re not an outsider, so I won’t hide it from you. The truth is, I’m seriously ill, and my time is running out.”
“Father…” Grace was shocked. She was just about to say something when Valon raised his hand to stop her.
“I know the state of my own health. The doctors have already examined me, but there is nothing they can do. Although I’ve kept this information under wraps, I’m not sure how long it can stay that way.”
“I’m worried that my sudden demise could disrupt the recently achieved political stability, plunging the nation into chaos once more.
“If that were to happen, it would only be our innocent citizens who suffer the most. Therefore, I hope you can help me this once.”
“Do you need my help to cure your illness, Your Majesty?” Dustin inquired cautiously.
From his observation, he could immediately tell that Valon was nearing death. Unless he took the nine- fold Longevitum, he would only have three months left, or at most a year.
However, the ingredients to produce the nine-fold Longevitum were extremely rare, with many of them having only one existing in this world.
It took him ten years just to gather all the ingredients and craft one Longevitum. It would be impossible for him to craft a second one.
Even Dustin would not be able to cure Valon’s illness.
“I just told you, my illness can’t be cured.” Valon shook his head.
“In that case, what exactly do you need my help with, Your Majesty?” Dustin asked again.
“It’s quite simple. Just help me decide on a successor,” Valon said with a smile.
“What? Decide on a successor?” Dustin was taken aback and betrayed a look of surprise.
“Your Majesty, you’re not joking, are you? Matters of such national significance are beyond my purview.”
“There’s no need to hold back. Tonight, we are not a ruler with his subject, only an uncle with his nephew. We’re not talking about national affairs, only family matters. So, feel free to speak your mind.”
Valon continued with a smile, “In your opinion, which of my sons is most suitable to succeed me? Or perhaps, who do you favor more?”
His words left Dustin completely bewildered. He never expected Valon to pose such a question.
What was going on? Dustin wondered if Valon was seeking an opinion or entrusting him with his family’s future.
###Chapter 1709 by Marina Vittori
Taking a moment to gather his thoughts, Dustin replied, “Your Majesty, I haven’t had the chance to interact with the princes. Thus, I lack the familiarity needed for a fair evaluation. Please, forgive me.”
“It’s alright if you’re not familiar with them. Let me provide you with more insights,” Valon said. He wasn’t one to back down and continued, “My eldest son possesses a calm temperament and grew up learning the ways of governance next to me.
“While he may not be able to expand our territory, he is more than capable of safeguarding what we have now.
“Unfortunately, his frail health and persistent illnesses make him unsuited as a ruler.”
By the end of it, Valon let out a sigh. His eldest son would be considered a wise ruler, but unfortunately, he didn’t have a King’s destiny.
A prophecy had predicted that his eldest son wouldn’t live past 36. If he passed the throne to him, he would probably meet his end within a few years of the taxing work.
“If the eldest Prince isn’t suitable, what about the second Prince?” Dustin asked.
“Although my second son is physically strong and courageous, his arrogance and disregard for others disqualify him as a wise ruler.” Valon shook his head.
Even though his second son had learned the martial arts from a young age, he lacked wisdom and was impulsive. This made him more suited to be a general rather than a king.
“I’ve heard that the third Prince is excellent in literary and martial arts. He should be suitable, right?” Dustin suggested.
“Yes, and many have said the same.”
Valon sighed, “My third son is smart and sharp-witted, making him seemingly the perfect candidate when considering various aspects.
“However, his lack of empathy concerns me. Someone like him would not lead the country well.”
Valon’s third son had both literary and martial talent, but unfortunately, he had a narrow-minded and suspicious nature. He would get jealous and suspect others easily.
Someone like him couldn’t withstand criticism nor tolerate the presence of talented individuals. In the long run, Dragonmarsh might face a decline if led by such a ruler. That was why he didn’t think his third son was an ideal choice for the throne, either.
“Your Majesty, there must be a more outstanding candidate among your many other children, right?” Dustin probed.
“My remaining sons either lack the ability or are too young to shoulder the responsibilities. That’s why I’m having a headache choosing between them.” Valon rubbed his temples.
Throughout history, the selection of the next King had always been a careful and deliberate process.
If he were still healthy, he wouldn’t have to rush. He could take his time to observe his sons and groom them into a suitable successor.
However, his time was running out. He needed to decide on a successor as soon as possible to stabilize the political landscape.
“If only Grace were a son, I wouldn’t be in such a dilemma.” Valon sighed again. While his sons fell short of expectations, he had a few exceptionally talented daughters.
Grace, especially, possessed both virtue and talent. She was outstanding in every aspect and was near perfect to be his successor. Unfortunately, being a woman, she wasn’t able to ascend to the throne. Fate was cruel sometimes.
“Your Majesty, if even you are troubled by this matter, then they are beyond my ability to solve.” Dustin shook his head.
Throughout the generations, the fight for the throne had often been accompanied by bloodshed and chaos. Dustin had his own troubles to think of and had no intention of getting involved in the conflict.
“While others may not be able to solve this problem, you surely can,” Valon said meaningfully.
“You are the future King of West Lucozia and a crucial pillar of the nation. Your opinion holds significant weight. I will choose whoever you recommend!”
“What?” Dustin’s expression stiffened, caught off guard.
While Valon initially sought his opinion, his words now implied that he was entrusting Dustin with making the final decision. He was now placed in an entirely different situation.
###Chapter 1710 by Marina Vittori
When Dustin thought about it carefully, he could guess Valon’s intentions. With the Dragon Guard eliminated, the royal family would gain true control of the nation.
However, due to the Dragon Guard’s influence over the years, the royal family found itself in a precarious position and needed substantial support.
It was clear that Valon had considered the West Lucozian monarchy the best choice to provide this support. On one hand, the West Lucozian monarchy boasted formidable military strength and wielded influence in the court.
On the other hand, since they considered the Dragon Guard their sworn enemy, collaborating with them seemed like the logical move.
As long as the royal family had the backing of the West Lucozian monarchy, their position would be fortified. This was the reason Valon had sought out an audience with Dustin.
Although it sounded absurd for Dustin to decide the next in line for the throne, it underscored Valon’s sincerity. He was indeed a strategist with a great vision.
“Logan, don’t feel pressured. Just choose whoever you think is suitable,” Valon said with a smile.
“Your Majesty, this is an important matter. I truly cannot make such a decision.” Dustin shook his head.
“There’s no need to rush. I’ve still got some time left. Take your time and think about it. Or you can discuss it with your father. Just let me know after you’ve made a decision,” Valon said, still smiling.
“I”
Dustin was in a tough spot. He wanted to refuse Valon flatly, but it appeared Valon was having none of it.
Valon suddenly changed the topic, “Oh, by the way, Logan, I heard you’re still single. Is that right? I just so happened to have found a prospective match for you.
“She’s not only beautiful and talented but also gentle and refined. She would make an excellent wife. You two seem like a perfect match.”
“Your Majesty, I appreciate your kindness, but these matters should be left to fate. There is no need to go as far as arranging a marriage,” Dustin politely declined.
“Speaking of fate, you two have known each other for quite a while and seem to get along quite well. I believe you’ll like her,” Valon said.
“Who exactly are you referring to, Your Majesty?” Dustin probed.
“She’s right here.” Valon smiled and turned to Grace.
“Her?” As Dustin followed his gaze, his eyes twitched.
“Me?” Grace pointed at herself, equally surprised. Neither of them expected the conversation to take a turn toward marriage.
“Look at you two. You’re just like two peas in a pod.” Valon chuckled.
“My sister married your father, and if my daughter marries you, it would further strengthen our familial ties. This is advantageous for both of our families.”
“Your Majesty, I’m very sorry. I already have someone I like. Therefore, I’m afraid I can’t agree to this marriage arrangement,” Dustin refused flatly.
“It’s alright. It’s common for men to have multiple wives. After marrying Grace, you can marry another woman. There’s nothing wrong with that,” Valon said with a smile.
Grace frowned when she heard her father’s words but chose to remain silent. As a member of the royal family, she was aware that she had no say in her marriage. It would be arranged based on political interests rather than her preferences.
Simply put, she was just a pawn in consolidating the power of the royal family. Even if she were reluctant, she wouldn’t be able to fight back.
In fact, marrying the Kirin was, in comparison to her sisters, already the most favorable outcome.
###Chapter 1711 by Marina Vittori
“Your Majesty, forgive me for being direct, but I don’t agree with you,” Dustin said. He continued seriously, “While it might be normal for you to have multiple wives, in my view, a monogamous marriage is the only way to go.
“Not to mention, a loveless marriage is a dead marriage. I don’t wish to put myself or another person in that situation.”
Grace was surprised at Dustin’s words and seemed to look at him in a different light after that.
Most powerful and influential men in Oakvale had multiple women. The remaining minority either had wives from influential backgrounds, making it unwise to cheat publicly, or struggled with impotence.
It was rare to find men like Dustin who had self-control and refrained from engaging in improper relationships.
“Logan, do you not like Grace? Or do you think that she is not worthy of you? “Valon probed.
His daughter dominated the Beauty Ranking. She was at the top, whether in terms of looks or talents. Countless young talents across the land aspired to catch a glimpse of her captivating beauty. In theory, a normal man wouldn’t refuse such an opportunity.
“Ms. Linsor is a beautiful and talented lady. I’m the one who’s not worthy of her. Moreover, my heart already belongs to someone else, and it cannot accommodate another,” Dustin said solemnly.
“I didn’t expect you to be so loyal. Well, let’s forget about it then. A forced marriage is meaningless. We can discuss this another time.” Valon backed down.
Valon believed that matters like this took time. Logan was only refusing because he hadn’t fully noticed his daughter’s charm. Their relationship would develop naturally once they spent more time together.
That was why there was no rush for now.
“Thank you, Your Majesty.” Dustin bowed in gratitude.
“Logan, it’s getting late. You should go back and rest. Take your time to think about my request. I’ll await your answer.”
He then turned to Grace. “Grace, please see Logan out for me.”
“Yes, Father,” Grace nodded and stood up.
“I’ll be taking my leave first, Your Majesty.” After Dustin bowed deeply, he followed Grace out of Galene Palace.
Valon had just taken another sip from his teacup when he started coughing violently again. The clear tea soon turned a bloody red.
“Ah… If only I had a bit more time. Three years. I just need three years to unite the world.”
Meanwhile, outside Galene Palace, Dustin was following Grace in his attendant attire.
“Thanks… For earlier,” Grace said after a brief silence.
She still had many things she wanted to accomplish and had no intention of getting married yet. Dustin’s refusal had bought her more time.
“Why are you thanking me?” Dustin was puzzled.
“It’s nothing. In any case, you’re a good person. If there’s anything you need help with in the future, just let me know,” Grace said with a smile.
“Since you brought it up, I do have something that I need your help with,” Dustin said without hesitation.
“Tell me, then,” Grace replied.
“Since you’re so good at divination, can you predict who will eventually ascend the throne for me?” Dustin asked.
Valon had presented him with a tough question, and he could only pose the question to someone else.
“I’m not God. Did you think I could predict anything I want?”
Grace rolled her eyes and replied somewhat irritably, “Besides, being the nation’s ruler is in accordance with the will of the heavens.
“Predicting the fate of someone who carries that destiny would likely cost half of my life, and it’s not even guaranteed to be accurate.”
“Is it really that difficult?” Dustin asked.
###Chapter 1712 by Marina Vittori
Dustin frowned slightly. “Then, who do you think is most suitable to be the next ruler among your brothers?
“Trying to get me to talk now, huh?”
Grace chuckled lightly. “Since Father presented this question to you, you should find the answer yourself. I won’t be able to help.”
“You’re pretty incompetent as a Regal Observatory disciple!” Dustin shook his head helplessly. The nation’s fate was going to be impacted by choosing a successor. Dustin never expected such a heavy responsibility to fall on his shoulders.
The key matter was that no matter who he chose, he would inevitably offend the other powerful princes. He would land himself in trouble if that were to happen.
“There’s no need to be so anxious. Father gave you time to think about it. You can observe them carefully before deciding which prince has better potential or perhaps aligns better with the West Lucozian monarchy,” Grace said meaningfully.
“What a bother.” Dustin sighed. He could feel a headache coming on.
“Oh, by the way, I have another question.”
Dustin suddenly thought of something and asked, “Why do you always wear a veil? Is there something you’re hiding when you’re ranked at the top of the Beauty Ranking?”
“My appearance brings a lot of trouble, so it’s better to keep it covered. Of course, if you wish, I can let you have a look. I’m just not sure if you’re brave enough to do it,” Grace said with a smirk.
“There’s nothing I haven’t gone through. Did you think I’d be afraid to look at you? What a joke!” Dustin scoffed.
“Are you sure you want to look?” Grace asked again.
“Of course! I don’t believe that you’ll be able to scare me!” Dustin said defiantly.
“Alright, then you can lift the veil yourself and reveal my true face.” Grace smiled meaningfully.
“But I’ve sworn that I must marry anyone who personally lifts my veil and sees my face.”
“What?” Dustin quickly retracted his hand in fright when he heard her. ”
Forget about it. I change my mind. Just take me back home so I can sleep.”
“Pfft, look at you.” Grace chuckled. Logan turned out to be more interesting than she had thought.
It was late at night when Dustin and Grace walked out of the palace gates. Suddenly, a group of people appeared at the corner ahead.
The person leading the group was a middle-aged man dressed in traditional attire who carried himself differently. The guards behind him were no ordinary people either. They appeared to be highly skilled martial artists.
“Greetings, Your Royal Highness, Princess Grace. Greetings, Your Highness, Prince Logan. My name is Milton Dyer.” The middle-aged man took the lead, bowing respectfully to both Dustin and Grace.
While his manners were impeccable, his simple introduction left both of them stunned. They had disguised themselves before entering Aylka and stealthily made their journey without alerting anyone.
How could they be intercepted as soon as they walked out of the palace gates? Milton had also confidently addressed them by their titles, seemingly knowing them well.
Aylka was truly filled with extraordinary individuals.
“Who are you?” Grace asked.
“Princess Grace, I’m His Royal Highness, Prince Tristan’s personal attendant. I’ve been sent here specifically to invite the Prince of West Lucozia to a meeting at Prince Tristan’s residence,” Milton replied with his head lowered.
“Prince Tristan?” Dustin and Grace exchanged glances, both having a sense of what this might entail.
The fact that Tristan was able to receive news that quickly and make the necessary arrangements meant that he had planted someone in Galene Palace.
This was a line that a prince shouldn’t have crossed.
###Chapter 1713 by Marina Vittori
“Mr. Dyer, may I know why Prince Tristan has invited me at this hour?” Dustin feigned ignorance.
“His Royal Highness heard you’d returned to Oakvale and is eager to catch up. Today is a beautiful night to have a conversation over drinks,” Milton said with his head lowered.
“Mr. Dyer, can we do this another day? I’m truly exhausted tonight and only wish to get back home and get some rest. I promise to visit another day,” Dustin responded respectfully.
This statement was not a lie. He had several intense battles that day and was still nursing significant injuries. He was genuinely longing for a good night’s sleep.
However, it seemed like fate had other plans. First, it was Grace, then the King, and now even Tristan’s men were inviting him over. They were not allowing him even a moment’s rest.
“Your Highness, Prince Tristan has prepared some food and is waiting in the mansion. If you feel tired, why not meet Prince Tristan first before resting there? I will make the necessary arrangements,” Milton suggested, smiling throughout.
Dustin sighed helplessly and glanced at Grace, hoping she would say something.
“Since Tristan is so enthusiastic about meeting you and has everything arranged for us, you should make an effort to meet him. Come on, let’s get on. I’ll go with you,” Grace said with a faint smile.
“Thank you, Princess Grace. Thank you, Prince Logan. This way, please.” Milton bowed and gestured toward their ride.
“Look at the trouble you’ve landed me in!” Dustin scowled at Grace and reluctantly climbed into their ride.
Given the current circumstances, it looked like there was no escaping it. Refusing Tristan’s invitation could lead to unnecessary trouble, and Dustin was not a fan of trouble.
“Weren’t you at a loss with who to choose? Perhaps you will have an answer after meeting Tristan.” Grace smirked.
“Maybe.”
Dustin had no mind to respond as he leaned against the car seat in a daze, his eyelids in a constant battle against drowsiness. Yet, he dared not fall asleep, forcing himself to stay as alert as possible.
After all, he was a thorn in the eyes of the Dragon Guard and might face an assassination attempt at any moment. That was why it was essential for him to stay vigilant to avoid trouble.
They journeyed for about 20 minutes before finally coming to a stop. When he looked out the window, the sight before him was an extraordinarily luxurious building.
Since the next in line to ascend the throne was not yet determined, there was a significant disparity in wealth among the princes.
If their maternal family held considerable power, they would enjoy endless prosperity and wealth. On the contrary, some princes who lacked powerful backing would receive much less favorable treatment.
Of course, it appeared evident that the eldest prince was an exception to this rule. Judging from his luxurious mansion and his wide network of information, it was clear that his background was far from ordinary.
“Princess Grace, Prince Logan, please come in. Prince Tristan has been waiting,” Milton bowed as he said respectfully, ushering both Dustin and Grace into the mansion.
The interior of the mansion was even more extravagant. Without even mentioning the precious ornaments or decorations, the flowers and plants themselves were rare varieties that were not easily found and were worth a fortune.
Even Dustin was secretly amazed at his financial power. Led by Milton, Dustin and Grace made several turns before they finally arrived at the main hall.
Inside the main hall, a handsome man in his early thirties was leisurely sipping tea. He had a somewhat pale complexion and appeared frail. He carried himself with a subtle hint of melancholy, giving him the bearing of a graceful scholar.
This was none other than Tristan Linsor, Dragonmarsh’s eldest prince.
###Chapter 1714 by Marina Vittori
Right then, Grace and Dustin walked in together.
“Tristan…” Grace said.
Tristan stood up to greet them with a smile. “Long time no see, Grace.”
He then turned to Dustin and said, “I’m guessing this must be Logan. It’s been ten years. You’ve changed so much. I almost couldn’t recognize you.”
“Greetings, Your Royal Highness.” Dustin bowed.
“There’s no need for such formalities. We’re cousins, after all.” Tristan immediately went and straightened Dustin’s back.
“Come, have a seat. Just make yourself at home.”
“Thank you, Your Royal Highness.”
“Thank you, Tristan.”
Dustin and Grace took a seat after thanking him.
“Logan, I’m sorry for ushering you here at this hour, but some things just cannot be delayed. I hope you understand,” Tristan took the initiative to apologize, showing great courtesy.
“There’s no need to apologize, Prince Tristan.” Dustin smiled faintly. “It’s an honor to be a guest at your residence.”
Tristan was about to say something when he saw Grace beside him.
He said with a smile, “Grace, I have a batch of precious jewelry that recently arrived. Why don’t you head over and have a look? Just pick anything that you like and take it with you.”
Grace glanced at Dustin before nodding. “Thank you for your generous offer, Tristan. I won’t be holding back then.”
Although she knew Tristan was intentionally diverting her attention, she couldn’t refuse.
“Milton, take Princess Grace to the treasury.” Tristan gestured.
“Princess Grace, please, follow me.” Milton bowed and led Grace away from the main hall.
After they left, Tristan poured Dustin a cup of tea. He then got straight to the point. “Logan, to be honest, I invited you here at this hour to clear my doubts.
“Please continue, Prince Tristan.” Dustin kept his tone neutral.
“I heard that you met with Father earlier. Did he say anything to you?” Tristan probed.
“That’s right. His Majesty did indeed see me, and we discussed the matter of the successor,” Dustin replied honestly.
Since Tristan had placed a mole in Galene Palace, he must have known what they talked about. His question was probably just a test.
“Oh? The successor?” Tristan raised an eyebrow. “Has Father made a decision?
“Not exactly.” Dustin shook his head. ” His Majesty said that all of you were outstanding individuals, and that made it hard to decide. That was why he asked for my opinion on who was most suitable.”
“So, who do you think is most suitable between us?” Tristan asked meaningfully.
“I wouldn’t dare interfere in such an important national affair, Prince Tristan,” Dustin replied ambiguously.
“No worries, just share your thoughts.
You can speak freely. There’s no need to hold back.”
“I…” Dustin put on a troubled expression.
Tristan caught on immediately and clapped lightly. Soon, a beautiful attendant brought in a golden box.
Tristan received the box and placed it on the table before opening it slowly. A translucent white pearl lay inside the box, emitting a soft radiance and a faint fragrance.
“Is this … the Celestial Eye?” Dustin’s eyes widened, betraying a look of shock.
###Chapter 1715 by Marina Vittori
The Celestial Eye was one of the three greatest sacred relics of the martial world. It shared a similar reputation with the Celestial Pearl and was a priceless treasure countless individuals dreamed of possessing.
The Celestial Eye was an extraordinarily mystical item with infinite uses. It could not only see through all kinds of illusions, but it could also break through numerous intricate spells. For example, one could immediately tell if they were trapped in an illusion or ensnared by a spell.
Not only that, it was also useful during battles. It could discern all of the enemy’s attacks. Not only that, it could also see through their weaknesses and lethal moves.
Plus, it was an advantageous item to have during treasure hunting. It could tell if something was a treasure, its exact value, and its precise location. The Celestial Eye would reveal them all. Dustin never expected Tristan to possess such a treasure.
“You have a good eye, Logan!” Tristan exclaimed.
He continued with a smile, “This is indeed the Celestial Eye. I’ve treasured it for many years, never showing it to anyone. Since fate allowed us to meet today, allow me to present this item to you as a token of our meeting.”
“Absolutely not, Prince Tristan!” Dustin waved his hands. “This is too precious of an item. I can’t possibly accept it. Please, take it back.”
“It’s okay. Treasures are meant for heroes, anyway. It will only gather dust in my hands since I don’t have any use for it. It will fulfill its purpose in your hands,” Tristan said.
He pushed the treasure box forward. ” Take it. No need to be shy.”
“Prince Tristan, I really can’t accept such a valuable item.” Dustin shook his head again.
“I’m several years your senior and see you as my little brother. What’s a little gift from an older brother?” Tristan didn’t mince words and pushed the box into Dustin’s hands.
Putting on an angry look, he said, ” Take it. I’ll get angry if you refuse again.
“I-” Dustin appeared troubled.
“Logan, this Celestial Eye will be of good use to you!”
Tristan suddenly said cryptically, ”
With the vital force severed, the five Dracan essences are now scattered across the world.
“If you want to find them, it’ll be like looking for a needle in a haystack. But that would change with the Celestial Eye.
“The Celestial Eye is able to sense the presence of unusual treasures within a ten-mile radius and lead you to it. With it, finding the Dracan essences would be a breeze!”
“Prince Tristan, why do you think I would go looking for the Dracan essences?” Dustin suddenly asked.
Grace had told him the exact same thing. He didn’t understand what was so special about it.
“The Dracan essence is an extremely rare unadulterated treasure that could only be found once in a millennium. You would need an immense stroke of luck to even discover one source.
“If you manage to gather all five of the Dracan essences, it’ll be enough to propel you straight into the realm of terrestrial immortals!” Tristan explained enthusiastically.
“Terrestrial immortals?” Dustin’s eyes widened in astonishment.
“Is it really that incredible?”
“Of course!” Tristan nodded emphatically.
“Information has already spread, and major sects are taking action. That includes the Sword Union, the Celestial Alliance, and the Mystic Arts Order.
“All of them have joined in the race to find the treasure. Whoever finds it first would be hailed as the supreme leader of the world!”
“If that’s the case, why aren’t you leading your men on the search, Prince Tristan?” Dustin asked. “With the Celestial Pearl, you should have a better chance at success.”
###Chapter 1716 by Marina Vittori
“I’ve been frail and ailing since childhood and can’t deal with taxing work, not to mention trekking through mountains or waters, “Tristan explained.
“Besides, I’m just a scholar. Why would I need the Dracan essence to enhance my cultivation?
“Stop hesitating and just take it. You’re the future King of West Lucozia and a pillar of our nation. The stronger you become, the more prosperous our country will be. 1
“If I get the chance to inherit the throne, I will share the world with you, and together, we will create glory!”
Tristan patted Dustin’s shoulder with a smile, his last sentence implying a clear message. Since Dustin had accepted his treasure, he should support Tristan’s ascension to the throne, and it would be a mutually advantageous situation.
“Prince Tristan, I appreciate your generosity. Thank you,” Dustin said. Since Tristan had already put it that way, Dustin couldn’t find another reason to decline.
But the main reason was because the Celestial Eye would help him greatly in his search for the Dracan essences.
The Dracan essences would rapidly enhance his cultivation and allow him to breakthrough into a terrestrial immortal.
It was a tempting offer to any martial artist. Even if it went against his morals, he had to accept the gift. Dustin and Tristan continued chatting in the main hall after that, solidifying their collaboration.
It wasn’t until Grace picked a treasure and returned to the main hall that Dustin decided to bid farewell. He was utterly exhausted and only wanted to go back and sleep.
It was already past midnight when they left Tristan’s residence. Dustin was so sleepy that he had a hard time keeping his eyes open as he yawned repeatedly.
Once in the car, Grace glanced at the treasure box in Dustin’s arms and smirked. “It looks like you’ve made a deal with Tristan.”
“I had no choice-he offered too much. I didn’t know how to refuse.” Dustin shook his head.
“I can’t believe the Kirin would be blinded by treasures,” Grace teased. Then, she asked. “Have you ever considered that if you agreed to back Tristan, my other brothers would see you as a thorn in their eyes?”
“I’m aware of this, of course. That is why I will never back him publicly, only behind the scenes. Otherwise, it would be too troublesome,” Dustin responded.
“As Father said, Tristan is indeed a wise, empathetic ruler, but unfortunately, he is frail and ailing. He can’t live long. Are you sure you want to choose him?” Grace asked.
“What can I do? It’s all because of that old fox-your father’s absurd idea.” Dustin changed his tone. “If it weren’t for him, I wouldn’t be in this dilemma.”
“Father is under tremendous pressure. He’s just acting out of helplessness. The monarchy is unstable and facing internal and external threats. If the new King cannot gain the West Lucozian monarchy’s support, he will be doomed.
“That is why Father is letting you make the decision. He is showing his sincerity while also trusting you unconditionally,” Grace explained.
“I may not be able to handle this level of sincerity and trust,” Dustin sighed softly. “Forget it. I can’t be bothered with these matters. I’m going to let Rufus deal with this difficult problem.”
Dustin leaned back in the seat, closing his eyes and preparing to rest when suddenly, the car screeched to a stop.
Dustin lost his balance and fell straight into Grace’s arms. He was enveloped in warmth and a gentle fragrance.
###Chapter 1717 by Marina Vittori
“What happened?”
Dustin was in a daze and only felt a gentle fragrance envelop him. When he finally came to his senses, he realized he was lying in Grace’s arms.
Grace was dressed in loose attire, so he didn’t notice it at first. But the intimacy of their close proximity finally made him realize the true meaning of firmness and suppleness.
“What are you doing?” Grace frowned in anger and embarrassment.
“Sorry, it wasn’t on purpose. The car suddenly stopped, and I lost my balance, so…” Dustin felt awkward.
“How long are you going to touch me? Get your hands off me!” Grace yelled.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry.” Dustin was so shocked he retracted his hands immediately. Sure enough, being too tired would only lead to delayed reactions.
“What’s going on outside?” Grace asked in a slightly louder voice.
“Your Royal Highness, someone has blocked the way,” the driver replied.
“Blocking the road at this late hour? Is it an assassin?” Grace was the first to get out of the car. Dustin patted his face a few times to wake himself up before getting out of the car to0.
At the intersection ahead, a group of fully armed guards had appeared. They were clad in silver armor from head to toe. With sharp gazes and an imposing aura, they were clearly a force consisting of only the best of the best.
“The Silver Armor Army? What are they doing here?” Grace was puzzled.
“The Silver Armor Army? Who are they? “Dustin was curious.
“They are the private army of my brother, Matthias,” Grace explained.
She added, “Matthias had practiced the martial arts since he was a child. Physically strong and courageous, he has achieved remarkable feats on the battlefield.
“That is why he has his own private army, known as the Silver Armor Army.
“Prince Matthias’ men?” Dustin frowned slightly. “I don’t have any grievances with Prince Matthias. Why would he send his army to apprehend me?”
“Perhaps he’s not here to apprehend you but to invite you.” Grace understood immediately. As soon as she finished speaking, a burly general walked out from among the group of army personnel.
He approached Dustin and Grace and saluted, “Greetings, Your Royal Highness, Princess Grace, and Your Highness, Prince Logan. My name is Neville Elrod.”
“General Elrod, would you mind explaining the reason you’ve blocked the road in the middle of the night?” Grace asked calmly.
“Your Royal Highness, I’m acting under the orders of His Royal Highness, Prince Matthias, to invite Prince Logan to the mansion,” Neville replied bluntly.
Dustin and Grace exchanged glances, aware of the reason for the invitation.
They had just left Tristan’s residence when Matthias’ men appeared almost immediately. It was clear that Matthias had also received the news.
“General Elrod, please inform Prince Matthias that I’m seriously injured and need immediate rest. I promise to visit after my recovery,” Dustin said with droopy eyelids.
When would this end? Just when would they let Dustin sleep?
They should be resting after dinner, not inviting people over for tea. They might not want to sleep, but he did!
Dustin grumbled silently but maintained a cordial expression.
“Your Highness, Prince Matthias has many famous and skilled doctors back at his place. They will be able to nurse you back to health no matter the severity of your injury,” Neville said calmly.
“My injuries are secondary. I need to return home urgently to deal with some matters. Let’s do this another time, please,” Dustin declined again.
“Your Highness, Prince Matthias has been waiting for quite some time. No matter the urgency of your matters, it’ll be best to meet with him first. You can rest assured that it won’t take long. Prince Matthias only wants a short chat with you,” Neville said.
###Chapter 1718 by Marina Vittori
“If I insist on going home?” Dustin’s expression grew cold.
“We’re just following orders. I hope you won’t make things difficult for us.” Neville stood still, not making any indication to move.
The Silver Armor Army behind him also looked at them with burning gazes. Based on the grand scene, it appeared Dustin would be forcibly taken there if he refused to go.
“Your Highness, since they’re already here, there’s no harm in going. Having another friend is always a good thing.” Grace gently nudged Dustin as a reminder.
This wasn’t the time to be stubborn. No matter how tired he was, he had to endure it. After all, it would be a clear lack of courtesy if he agreed to visit Tristan but refused to visit Matthias.
With Matthias’ personality, there was no saying what he would do.
“Fine, please show the way, General Elrod.” Dustin took a deep breath, holding in his temper. While he wanted to refuse them flatly, it would trigger a chain of problems afterward.
“Thank you, Your Highness. This way, please.” Neville cleared the road and led Dustin and Grace into the car.
30 minutes later, their ride came to a stop in front of a magnificent mansion. Compared to Tristan’s luxurious mansion, Matthias’ mansion appeared grand and imposing. It boasted everything from statues of war gods, a material arts arena to an armory.
Dustin and Grace got off and followed Neville inside. The security was extremely tight as they saw guards and hidden scouts everywhere they went.
After passing through numerous checkpoints, Dustin and Grace finally arrived at the main hall. In the main hall, several armored generals were discussing military matters with a young man.
The young man was tall with a heroic appearance, exuding the air of an authoritarian. This was none other than the second Prince-Matthias Linsor.
When Matthias noticed Dustin and Grace, he immediately ended the conversation and stood up to greet them with a smile, “Welcome, welcome! It’s good to have you here, Grace, Logan.”
“Hello, Matthias.” Grace nodded in greeting.
“Greetings, Your Royal Highness.” Dustin bowed slightly.
“Come on in, there’s no need to be distant. Have a seat.”
As Matthias invited them to sit, he yelled, “Bring in the tea!”
Soon, the finest aromatic tea and delicious pastries were served. Dustin didn’t hold back and finished his tea in one gulp. He couldn’t help it. He was too tired and needed something to keep himself up.
“Logan, it’s been years since we last met. You still look impressive!” Matthias said with a smile.
“Thank you. But you look even better, Prince Matthias. I’m not even worth mentioning when compared to you.” Dustin forced a smile.
“You’re getting better with words. I like it!” Matthias grinned.
“Prince Matthias, may I know why you wanted to see me?” Dustin went straight to the point.
“Logan, I heard you went to see Father, then visited Tristan at his mansion. I wonder if this is true?” Matthias blew lightly on his tea.
“That’s right.” Dustin nodded, admitting it outright.
“Oh?” Matthias raised an eyebrow, surprised by Dustin’s frankness.
After a moment of silence, he decided to ask, “Logan, could you share what Father and Tristan told you?”
“Don’t you know what we talked about, Prince Matthias?” Dustin questioned him in return instead of replying directly.
It was highly unlikely that Matthias had not heard anything if he decided to invite him over in the middle of the night.
###Chapter 1719 by Marina Vittori
Upon hearing Dustin’s ambiguous answer, Matthias narrowed his eyes and chuckled.
“Logan, my old friend,” he said, “let me be honest with you. I’m just a warrior. I’m skilled in combat but inexperienced at being a crafty politician.
“I’m especially bad at getting hold of information and have much to learn from Tristan. That is why there are not many things that I am fully aware of.”
“I see.”
Dustin nodded and continued with a smile, “Actually, His Majesty and Prince Tristan didn’t discuss anything important with me. They just wanted to catch up since we haven’t met in so long.”
Matthias’ expression hardened, clearly displeased with Dustin’s answer. A bearded military officer next to him shot up in anger, rebuking, “Rhys!
What do you mean by catching up? Do you take His Royal Highness as a fool? I’m going to take you down!”
As he spoke, he looked like he was about to draw his sword.
“Show some respect!”
Matthias glared at him and scolded, ”
Logan is the Crown Prince of West Lucozia and our esteemed guest. You’d better watch your manners!”
“Your Highness! This guy is leading you on without a single word of truth. In my opinion, he needs to be taught a good lesson before he talks!” the bearded officer ranted.
“Silence!”
Matthias was furious and slapped him across the face heavily. “If you act out again, I will have you punished by the military law!”
“Hmph!” The bearded officer was defiant but eventually backed down. However, he gave Dustin a deathly glare, showing clear hostility.
“Logan, I’m so sorry about that. It’s my fault for not teaching my subordinates well. Please forgive us,” Matthias said with a forced smile.
“Your general is an outspoken man who acts on emotions. It’s understandable,” Dustin responded lightly.
“Logan, we’re not strangers. Let’s just get to the point.”
Matthias continued with a meaningful tone, “It’s obvious the reason my father and Tristan invited you over was not to have a catch-up session over tea. You must have discussed something important.
“While I may not excel in other areas, I’m a capable man when it comes to handling matters. If you need any help, feel free to discuss it with me.”
“Thank you for your kind offer, Prince Matthias, but I don’t require any assistance for now.” Dustin shook his head.
“It’s okay. While you may not require assistance for now, you might just need it soon.” Matthias smiled, then snapped his fingers lightly.
Following that, the door opened. A group of beautifully dressed attendants brought in various treasures. Among them were gold and silver jewelry, antique jewels, divine weapons, and even a few rare treasures.
In several batches, the attendants had brought over a hundred items.
Under the illumination of the lights, the treasures shone brilliantly with a dazzling display. Most importantly, every single item was a valuable treasure. Simply picking one of them would be enough to make an ordinary person wealthy for a lifetime.
Dustin looked at the treasures that had piled up like a mountain. The total value of everything was simply immeasurable. If they were exchanged for cash, it would be enough to build an entire army.
“Logan, we’ve hit it off from the start. These treasures are a gift from me to you, a token of our newfound friendship. Please accept them,” Matthias said with a smile.
“Prince Matthias, these are too much. I feel unworthy of such generosity. I kindly ask you to reconsider.” Dustin put on an anxious expression.
“Hey, don’t say that. We’re brothers, and what are a few gifts between brothers? As long as I achieve great success in the future, you’ll definitely share in the benefits!” Matthias said with enthusiasm.
“I…” Dustin pretended to hesitate.
“No need to hesitate. Just accept it. We’ll be conquering the world together in the future, for better or for worse!” Matthias patted Dustin on the shoulder.
###Chapter 1720 by Marina Vittori
“Matthias…” Seeing the situation turn unfavorable, Grace was about to speak up.
However, Dustin spoke first, “I would appear rather ungrateful if I didn’t show my appreciation for your generosity. Very well, I’ll accept all these treasures!”
“Huh?” Grace was stunned and swallowed back her words.
What was going on? What was Dustin thinking?
First, he accepted Tristan’s gift, promising to back him in the shadows, and now he was accepting Matthias’ treasures without hesitation. What an opportunist! Was the West Lucozian Crown Prince that weak against temptations?
“Hahaha… Great! You’re really candid! “Matthias laughed heartily when Dustin agreed.
“Guards! Pack up everything here and send them to Logan’s residence later!”
“Thank you for your generosity, Prince Matthias!” Dustin bowed in gratitude.
“It’s nothing.” Matthias chuckled.
He then changed the subject, “But speaking of which, did Father really not bring up anything special during your conversation?”
Hearing this, Dustin glanced around and hesitated. Matthias caught on immediately and ordered, “All of you, leave us. We’re going to have a private conversation.”
“Right away, Your Royal Highness!” Everyone responded and left one after another. Matthias then turned to Grace. “Grace, go and get some rest in the next hall.”
“Alright.” Grace cast a doubtful glance at Dustin before leaving.
“Logan, it’s only us left. You’re free to speak your mind,” Matthias said.
Dustin closed the door and lowered his voice. He spoke mysteriously, “Prince Matthias, I’ll be honest with you. His Majesty did indeed tell me a secret. However, it’s an important matter and concerns the fate of the nation, so you mustn’t leak this information.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll keep it a secret!” Matthias promised, patting his chest. While he was aware that Dustin had a private discussion with his father and brother, the specifics remained unknown to him.
However, he was certain it was an important discussion that would determine the future political landscape. That was why he spared no expense in buying Dustin off, determined to be one step ahead.
“Prince Matthias, His Majesty has been in poor health lately and is considering abdication. However, His Majesty has yet to decide on a rightful successor, and this has been troubling him deeply.
“The reason he had asked to see me was to seek my opinion on identifying the most fitting heir for the throne,” Dustin whispered.
“Heir to the throne?” Matthias’ gaze sharpened, his attention now fully captured. Matthias had been right. His father was gravely ill and had to decide on the rightful successor. He must have sought Logan’s opinion due to the West Lucozian monarchy’s influence.
“Logan, how did you respond?” Matthias was both nervous and hopeful. He believed he would be favored by his father for his courage and outstanding achievements.
“Each of the royal princes has their own strengths, so I wasn’t able to decide either. His Majesty had asked me to consider it carefully before giving him an answer.” Dustin put on a troubled front.
“Logan, my brother!” Matthias suddenly became excited and grabbed Dustin’s hand.
His eyes gleamed as he continued, “We hit it off from the moment we met. Although we’re not related by blood, our bond is stronger than that of real brothers. If I were to contend for the throne, you would surely support me wholeheartedly, wouldn’t you?
###Chapter 1721 by Marina Vittori
Matthias fixed his gaze intently on Dustin, his expression brimming with enthusiasm and anticipation.
He had only intended to obtain crucial information from Logan, but he didn’t expect him to hold such significant influence that directly affected his father’s decision.
In other words, Logan played an equally important role in determining whether he could ascend to the throne. This realization brought him immense joy.
“Your unparalleled courage and outstanding military achievements make you most fitting for the throne. However, the final decision ultimately lies in His Majesty’s hands. I can only offer a suggestion,” Dustin explained.
“That’s fine. I’m satisfied as long as you give me your full support!”
Matthias exclaimed excitedly.
“With your generosity and our shared camaraderie, I will definitely endorse you as the next King,” Dustin stated.
“Excellent! I can rest easy with your assurance.”
Matthias laughed. “Logan, from today onwards, you are my true brother. If you ever encounter trouble in the future, don’t hesitate to seek me out!”
“Thank you, Prince Matthias,” Dustin nodded appreciatively.
“Guard! Bring in the wine!” With a hearty shout, Matthias ordered wine to be sent in to celebrate.
“Prince Matthias, it’s getting late. I’m truly tired. May I be excused to return and rest?” After three shots, Dustin promptly requested leave.
“Of course. You’ve had a tiring day. You should get some rest.” Matthia nodded with a smile. He then called out, “Guards! Escort Prince Logan back to his residence!”
“Goodbye, Prince Matthias.” After a bow, Dustin left the mansion with Grace.
He had to admit that their journey that night had been incredibly fruitful. While Matthias’ treasures were slightly inferior to Tristan’s Celestial Eye, they made up for it in quantity.
The hundreds of treasures filled several large boxes, each item worth a fortune. With this wealth, Dustin now had more than enough resources for his various endeavors.
On their way back, Grace could hold back no longer and asked, “Logan, I can’t believe you didn’t turn down his offer.
“You first accepted Tristan’s gift, and now you’ve accepted Matthias’ treasures as well. Do you think it’s appropriate to play both sides like that?
“What about it? Tristan and Matthias insisted on giving me those things. I can’t just refuse their goodwill, don’t you think?” Dustin replied with a yawn.
“You’re supposed to align with whoever gives you an incentive. How are you going to choose now that you’ve accepted gifts from both sides?” 1
“What does that have to do with me? The decision lies in your father’s hands. I’m merely conveying the message.” Dustin shrugged.
“Are you saying you’re only after the perks but none of the responsibility?” Grace asked.
“You can’t put it that way. How can I be responsible with my lowly status? As for the so-called perks, just consider it my fee for conveying the message,” Dustin said lazily.
“What an expensive messenger fee.” Grace was left somewhat speechless. How did she not notice his shamelessness earlier?
“But, think about it. In the current situation, I would only bring myself more trouble if I declined the gifts. To satisfy both your brothers, I can only accept them. That will also make things easier for me,” Dustin explained, struggling to keep his eyes open.
“Aren’t you afraid that they’ll find out, and in the end, you’ll lose favor with both sides?” Grace asked meaningfully.
“What is there to be afraid of?” Dustin asked indifferently.
He added, “Your brothers are smart. No matter what I do, they would never confront me. Instead, they’ll think of me as a simpleton that is easily bought off and offer me more treasures the next time. After all, I still hold some value to them.”
###Chapter 1722 by Marina Vittori
“So, that’s your plan.” Grace was slightly surprised, finally understanding Dustin’s behavior.
It was just as Dustin said, declining Tristan’s and Matthias’ invitations would undoubtedly anger them, leading to unnecessary trouble.
On the contrary, if he could please both princes and keep them happy, it would not only be advantageous for him but also prevent conflicts.
While Dustin might appear greedy on the surface, Grace had to admit that his approach was the most sensible solution. After all, it was wiser to not take sides and offend either party.
“Well, I’m in a difficult position too. If I had a choice, do you think I’d willingly accept these treasures? They’re like hot potatoes and represent a heavy responsibility. But for the greater good, I have to make sacrifices,” Dustin explained, shaking his head.
“Next time, wipe that smirk off your face before saying something similar,” Grace said, rolling her eyes at him. Dustin’s shamelessness knew no bounds. Despite gaining an advantage, he still acted innocent.
“Your Royal Highness, I’m not one who hoards everything for himself. Pick whatever you like from those treasures in the boxes. Take whatever catches your eye,” Dustin said generously.
“Hmph! That’s more like it.” Grace responded with a satisfied smile. After accompanying him all night, it was only fair to receive some level of compensation.
“Grace, I’ll be taking a short rest in the car. Wake me up when we get home. I’m really struggling to stay awake,” Dustin said wearily, leaning back in his seat and quickly falling into a deep sleep.
However, within just three minutes, their vehicle suddenly came to a halt. Dustin tilted forward once again. Grace reacted swiftly this time, pressing Dustin’s forehead to prevent him from getting too close.
“What’s going on? Are we home already?” Dustin opened his eyes in a daze. He was so exhausted that his eyelids were trembling involuntarily.
“Logan, seems like you won’t be getting any sleep tonight.” Grace stepped out of the car and noticed another group of people up ahead.
The entire intersection had been completely blocked off, and it appeared like they had been patiently waiting for quite some time.
“No way … Is someone blocking the road again?”
Dustin shook his head, attempting to wake himself up before following Grace out of the car. Unsurprisingly, it was just as he expected.
“Fuck! Will this ever end?” Dustin cursed.
He had barely left Matthias’ residence when trouble showed up once again. If this continued, he might just be tormented to death.
“Don’t be so irritable. It seems like they’re here to offer you more money. The more the better, right?” Grace teased.
Seeing Dustin all worn out and tired, she couldn’t help but chuckle. How could a young man not manage to stay up for one night?
###Chapter 1723 by Marina Vittori
“All these money offers are exhausting me!”
Dustin sighed heavily, wearing an expression of helplessness. Every cell in his body was exhausted. Why was it so difficult to get a good night’s sleep?
“Logan, long time no see!”
While Dustin and Grace were whispering to each other, a young man dressed lavishly approached them, accompanied by an imposing entourage.
The man had a dignified and graceful demeanor. When he smiled, it was like a breath of fresh air. This man was none other than Dragonmarsh’s third prince, Nathaniel Linsor.
“It’s been ten years. You look amazing as ever, Logan,” Nathaniel greeted him warmly as if finally meeting a long-lost friend.
He continued, “I remember we used to hunt together back when we were kids. But my aim left much to be desired compared to yours.”
“Long time no see, Your Royal Highness.” Dustin forced a smile.
“Hello, Nathaniel,” Grace greeted him.
“Oh, Grace, you’re here too? That’s great. Both of you can come over to my place for a visit.” Nathaniel extended an invitation with great enthusiasm.
“Prince Nathaniel, I have some pressing matters to attend to at home. Can we do this another day?” Dustin attempted to decline.
He wasn’t refusing money, rather he desperately wanted to sleep.
“Logan, why don’t you share the details of that pressing matter of yours? I might be able to help with your troubles. While I may not have absolute control over Oakvale, it’s enough to get things done,” Nathaniel said with a smile.
“I couldn’t possibly trouble you with my affairs, Prince Nathaniel,” Dustin declined.
“Come on, what do you mean? We’re not strangers. Feel free to confide in me. I won’t turn down your request.”
“Thank you for your generous offer, Prince Nathaniel, but it’s nothing too urgent. I can handle it on my own.” Dustin smiled.
“Since it’s not urgent, let’s return to my place. It’s been a while since we had a chance to catch up,” Nathaniel extended the invitation once again.
“Alright then.” Dustin nodded helplessly. He knew he wouldn’t be able to avoid it today. Since he’d met Tristan and Matthias, refusing Nathaniel’s offer would be disrespectful.
Ten minutes later, Dustin and Grace entered Nathaniel’s mansion. Compared to Tristan’s luxurious mansion and Matthias’ magnificent estate, Nathaniel’s residence appeared relatively plain.
However, Dustin could tell that Nathaniel’s mansion was filled with hidden intricacies.
It wasn’t merely a humble home-it housed numerous elite fighters and was fortified with traps. Anyone who dared trespass would only find themselves dead.
“Logan, you must be hungry after such a long journey. I’ve already instructed my men to prepare a feast. This way, please.”
Nathaniel smiled, leading them into a dining hall filled with the aroma of freshly cooked food, perfectly timed for their arrival.
After all the commotion, Dustin was famished, and the enticing smell of food made his tummy rumble.
“Logan, we’re practically family, so there’s no need to hold back. Please, help yourself to as much food as you want,” Nathaniel said, maintaining his friendly smile.
“Then I won’t hold back,” Dustin responded, diving into his meal. Even though he was tired, he wasn’t about to add hunger to his list of woes.
“After you, Grace.”
“After you, Nathaniel.”
Following a round of pleasantries, both Grace and Nathaniel joined in the meal.
###Chapter 1724 by Marina Vittori
Nathaniel and Grace were much more refined compared to Dustin, who was wolfing down his food. They savored each bite and ate in moderation.
Half an hour later, Dustin finally had his fill. His previously flat belly was now protruding, and he couldn’t have been more satisfied.
After the last sip of wine, Dustin couldn’t help but let out a long, satisfied burp. At this point, a good nap would be perfect.
Suddenly, Dustin felt himself feeling more tired. That meal had left him even sleepier.
“Logan, are you satisfied with your meal?” Nathaniel asked with a smile.
“Absolutely. I had a feast today with you serving up rare delicacies.” Dustin looked extremely satisfied. Everything tasted good to him when he was hungry.
“That’s good.” Nathaniel nodded, the smile still on his face.
“Logan, if I may ask, why were you wandering around so late at night instead of resting? A lot has happened today, and there are checkpoints both inside and outside of Oakvale. You need to be careful.”
“Oh, I just came back from Prince Matthias’ residence,” Dustin answered frankly. He was tired and just wanted to get things over with. The earlier he finished, the earlier he would be able to get some sleep.
“Oh?” Nathaniel feigned surprise. ” Was there something important for you to visit Matthias’ place this late at night?”
“His Majesty has trouble deciding on the next heir to the throne, and Prince Matthias had invited me over to discuss the matter,” Dustin explained.
“The next heir to the throne?”
That got Nathaniel’s attention, and he immediately asked, “Is Father considering Matthias for the throne?”
“Not exactly.” Dustin shook his head.
“His Majesty mentioned that each of you has your own strengths. Since he couldn’t make a decision, he sought my advice.”
“Oh? So, who do you think is most fitting to be the King among the three of us?”
“I don’t believe it matters. After all, it’s ultimately up to the King to decide.” Dustin shook his head.
“Logan, there’s no need to be modest. If Father invited you to the palace late at night for advice, he must seriously value your opinion. A few kind words from you could make a significant impact,” Nathaniel said solemnly.
“I don’t think so. Do my words really carry that much weight?” Dustin feigned ignorance.
“Absolutely!”
Nathaniel continued seriously, “Logan, I’ll be honest. I’m highly interested in the throne. As long as you support my ascent, I’ll reward you greatly when I succeed.”
“I…” Dustin put on a troubled front, but in reality, he was silently looking down on Nathaniel.
Tristan and Matthias had tried to win him over with valuable gifts, demonstrating their sincerity. Nathaniel, on the other hand, only made promises without substance. How stingy.
“What’s the matter? Do you not trust in my abilities?”
Nathaniel stated confidently, “Tristan and Matthias might be older than me by a few years, but I definitely surpass them in terms of talent and abilities.
“If I become King, I would undoubtedly lead Dragonmarsh to new heights. When that day comes, you’ll be my right-hand man and receive great benefits.”
“I admire your ambition, Prince Nathaniel. However, as a commoner, I have limited influence and find it challenging to shoulder such a great responsibility.” Dustin shook his head again.
While doing so, he silently urged Nathaniel to step up and show some commitment.
How could he offer his support if there was nothing substantial? Was Nathaniel aiming for a free lunch?
###Chapter 1725 by Marina Vittori
“There’s no need to be humble, Logan. You were once the renowned Kirin. Even if you’ve been out of practice for a few years, you’re still remarkable. I trust in your abilities!”
Nathaniel patted Dustin’s shoulders like an elder brother would. Dustin wondered whether it was even about his abilities. Clearly, it was the money that was lacking.
If only Nathaniel were as generous as his brothers, Dustin wouldn’t need to play along like this
Despite his inner thoughts, Dustin remained composed on the surface. ” Prince Nathaniel, you’re too kind. My reputation is nothing compared to yours.”
“Logan, why don’t you consider working with me?”
Nathaniel continued meaningfully, “I have the highest chance of ascending to the throne among my brothers. With your support, my chances would be even greater. Backing me would be the wisest choice and the most rewarding investment.”
“I…” Dustin appeared pensive.
Typically, at this point, anyone with common sense would recognize the need to present rewards to entice him and take advantage of the opportunity.
However, Nathaniel remained unfazed. He merely wore a smile and sipped on his wine, giving Dustin some time to mull it over.
In Nathaniel’s view, regardless of Dustin’s identity, he was just a subject. And a subject should act like a subject.
As a prince, Nathaniel believed he was already showing Dustin great respect by extending courtesy and warmth. How could Dustin dare refuse him?
Unable to tolerate the situation any longer, Grace spoke up, “Nathaniel, don’t you think you should demonstrate your sincerity if you want Dustin’s support?”
Nathaniel pretended to suddenly realize and slapped his forehead. “Oh, look at me! I almost forgot.”
As he spoke, he produced a pendant and handed it to Dustin. “Logan, this pendant is an extraordinarily valuable piece of blue diamond. Consider it a token of our meeting.”
“Blue diamond?” Dustin’s eyes twitched, momentarily at a loss for words.
Tristan had gifted him a prized treasure of the martial world, the versatile Celestial Eye. Matthias had gifted him several boxes of valuable treasures. Each treasure was worth tens of thousands and was enough to build an army.
In contrast, all Nathaniel gifted him was a blue diamond pendant. Did Dustin look like a beggar in need of a blue diamond pendant? How was a prince this stingy?
A miserly man like him, who wouldn’t even spend money to fight for the throne, o didn’t seem fit to be a ruler.
“Prince Nathaniel, this is too valuable. I can’t accept this.” Dustin waved his hands. Even though he didn’t explicitly show disdain, his cold and indifferent attitude hinted at his disappointment.
“Come on, what’s with the formality? As long as you support my ascension, there’ll be more treasure like this waiting for you!” Nathaniel declared grandiosely. While it sounded impressive, it lacked substance.
Dustin forced a smile and accepted the gift. “Thank you for your generosity, Prince Nathaniel.”
Despite his stinginess, there was no reason to refuse the gift. After all, money-however small-was still money. Nathaniel chuckled. “Here’s to a pleasant collaboration!” he said, extending his hand.
“Cheers.” While Dustin maintained the smile on his face, he was extremely disappointed.
###Chapter 1726 by Marina Vittori
After a relentless effort to stay awake, Dustin’s only reward was a piece of blue diamond. What a meager outcome.
All three of them were princes, but why were they so different? Dustin decided it didn’t matter, only wishing to head home and get some rest.
“Prince Nathaniel, it’s getting late. I’ll be taking my leave first.” Dustin excused himself.
“Go ahead. I’ll come to you when I need your help.” Nathaniel nodded with a smile. Dustin and Grace left soon after a simple exchange of pleasantries. Back in the car, Dustin held the unremarkable pendant, shaking his head and sighing.
“Grace, your brother is so stingy. How does he expect to win me over with just a pendant?” Dustin complained.
“Nathaniel is a cautious man. He doesn’t commit too readily until he’s absolutely certain. He’s already quite generous by presenting you with a fine blue diamond pendant considering his nature,” Grace explained with a smile.
In fact, had she not spoken up, Dustin probably would have left empty- handed. Knowing Nathaniel’s personality, he would have merely made grand promises without concrete offerings.
“The contrast wouldn’t have been this stark if there had been nothing to compare it with. Compared to the treasures from your older brothers, this feels somewhat lackluster.” Dustin shook his head.
“Alright, stop acting like you’ve been wronged after gaining so much tonight. Count your blessings.” Grace rolled her eyes.
“Grace, you can’t blame me for this. Your brothers were so persistent in winning me over that I couldn’t bring myself to refuse their treasures.”
Dustin shrugged.
His initial plan was to head home for a restful sleep after leaving the palace. Little did he expect the series of invitations that followed. Although it exhausted him, the gains were substantial enough to make the journeys worthwhile.
“Logan, now that you’ve reaped the benefits, isn’t it time to contribute?” Grace suddenly remarked.
“What do you mean by ‘contribute’? I’m just a messenger. The ultimate decision lies in our fathers’ hands. They are the ones determining the fate of the nation.”
“That might have been true before, but it won’t be the same for long,” Grace said with a solemn expression.
She added, “Father’s health is deteriorating, and we don’t even know if he’ll live through the year. I’ve also heard that your father is not in good shape, and conflict is starting to brew in West Lucozia.
“They say the wicked outlive the virtuous. Since Rufus has committed many evils with who knows how much blood on his hands, he won’t die that easily,” Dustin remarked casually.
Although those were his words, his heart inexplicably quickened. He vividly recalled when Nestor mentioned that the Dragon Guard’s plan was reaching its climax. If Nestor had spoken the truth, then the West Lucozian monarchy was likely on the brink of a catastrophe.
Regardless, Dustin needed to return home to check on the situation. In the past, he deeply resented his father’s inaction, but after everything that had happened, he finally understood the challenges his father faced.
“Hopefully, that’s the case. But you should visit home nevertheless. Perhaps you can be of some help,” Grace reminded him.
“Grace, you don’t have to worry about me. The heir to the throne is still undecided. If it’s not handled properly, it may lead to a bloodbath,” Dustin said as he stretched lazily.
“There seldom is calm whenever there is a succession of the throne. I just hope it won’t be too serious this time,” Grace said, sighing softly.
The current situation was not optimistic for both the royal family and the West Lucozian monarchy. Therefore, it would be best for them to cooperate and stabilize the situation as much as possible.
The Dracan essence was key to achieving this. Everything would change once they gathered all five Dracan essences. They might even be able to rule the world.
###Chapter 1727 by Marina Vittori
“Grace, there shouldn’t be anyone else disturbing me tonight, right?” Dustin asked as he leaned back into his seat.
The repeated disturbances had left him mentally exhausted.
Each time he attempted to return home and get some sleep, someone would block his way, making him feel like a jumpy rabbit. Even though he was on the verge of exhaustion, he dared not close his eyes.
He was afraid of being rudely awakened once he did, as that made it more unbearable. Dustin compared it to the feeling of being interrupted while in the middle of relieving himself.
“Why? Have you not earned enough?” Grace chuckled.
“Though making money is important, my life takes precedence. I’m truly exhausted. All I want to do now is sleep, “Dustin said, rubbing his tired eyes.
“Don’t worry. The only ones worthy of vying for the throne tonight were the three princes who approached you. My other brothers fall a bit short in various aspects and won’t be joining in on the fun,” Grace assured.
“Great.” Dustin let out a long sigh. ” Finally, I can have a peaceful night’s sleep.”
“Don’t celebrate just yet. I reckon you won’t be getting any sleep tonight.” Grace shook her head.
“Why? Didn’t you say no one else is going to disturb me?” Dustin sat up abruptly, looking agitated.
“No need to be anxious. All I meant is that day is breaking. Look out the window for yourself.” Grace pointed toward the horizon.
Dustin followed her gaze and noticed a faint glimmer at the edge of the dark sky, a sign that the sun was about to rise. Just to make sure, Dustin pulled out his phone and checked the time-it was now past five in the morning, with less than an hour until sunrise.
“Ugh… I can’t believe I was tormented the entire night!” Dustin sighed deeply. When it was just getting dark, he was so exhausted and only wanted to sleep. However, from the moment Grace showed up, it felt like he’d been cursed.
Various troublesome matters kept cropping up without a moment of peace. Just when he thought everything was finally over, the sun was rising. He spent the entire night enduring it all that way.
Strangely, he could feel himself becoming more alert. Even though his body was tired and his eyes were fighting to keep themselves open, his mind was the exact opposite. All Dustin begged for was a good night’s sleep.
“Young people are supposed to be strong. It’s not a big deal to stay up all night. Didn’t I also keep you company through the night?” Grace consoled.
“Is our situation even comparable?”
Dustin retorted, somewhat annoyed, ” Normally, I’m able to stay up for three to five days. But I’m genuinely exhausted this time!”
From the moment he climbed up Quandary Mountain, he hadn’t had a chance to relax. As he went through countless deathly battles, his body was already at his limit.
He had also sustained serious injuries. The fact that he made it to this point was already a miracle.
“You can nap in the car if you’re tired. I’ll keep watch for you and wake you up when we arrived,” Grace said with a smile.
“The problem is I can’t fall asleep now! “Dustin grieved. Dustin wondered if it was a psychological problem. Once he found out that dawn was approaching, his energy appeared to surge.
He couldn’t fall asleep even if he wanted to. It was truly torturous.
“I’ve learned a few tricks to aid sleep. Maybe I can help, “Grace said.
“Are you serious?” Dustin was doubtful.
“Just give it a try. Perhaps it’ll help you get a good night’s sleep.” Grace smiled.
“Fine. Desperate times call for desperate measures.” Dustin nodded helplessly. Right now, nothing was more important than sleep.
“First, you have to close your eyes, then relax your entire body,” Grace instructed gently.
“Dustin leaned back in his seat and closed his eyes slowly. He then began gradually relaxing his body.”
“Pay attention to your breathing. Try your best to relax yourself. More…
“Put down all your defenses. From head to toe, relax
“Very good, just like that.”
###Chapter 1728 by Marina Vittori
“Now, imagine yourself lying on the serene sea, gently swaying with the waves. A soft breeze whispers by your ears, dancing through your hair.”
It was as if Grace’s soothing voice was imbued with magic. After only a few words, Dustin drifted into a deep slumber, snoring loudly.
“That was fast.” Grace chuckled.
She scooted over to Dustin and supported his head with her shoulder. At the same time, she held his chin with one hand to prevent him from suddenly falling.
Their vehicle continued to move at a steady speed. However, instead of heading to Dustin’s villa, it traveled to an unfamiliar place.
Dustin had a very long dream. In his dream, he stood alone on the battlefield as the corpses by his feet piled up like mountains, and the land was stained a bloody red.
There was not a living soul in sight, leaving only a desolate scene. It was as if he was the only person left in the world. Everyone was lying in the pool of blood, including his family, his friends, and his enemies alike. 2
He didn’t know what had happened, nor the reasons that led to such a bloody scene. The only emotions he felt were fear and loneliness. Dustin wondered if this was war. No matter how hard they fought, there were no victors, only death.
“Logan … Logan ….” Dustin wasn’t sure how much time had passed when he heard a familiar voice. Suddenly, he broke free from his nightmare and jolted upright in bed.
Unbeknownst to him, he was drenched in sweat and panted heavily.
“Grace?” When Dustin’s gaze came into focus, the first sight that greeted him was a woman dressed in white with a veil over her face.
“Did you have a nightmare? I heard you uttering commands to attack and kill,” Grace asked gently.
“I did have a strange dream.” Dustin sighed, feeling a chill down his spine. Fortunately, it was just a dream. He couldn’t have imagined the consequences had it been real.
“Dreams are usually an inverse of reality. Don’t worry.” Grace chuckled. Dustin glanced outside the window and realized that it was already noon. Curious, he asked, “By the way, how long have I been asleep?”
“Two days and one night,” Grace replied.
“What?” Dustin was shocked. “I was gone for that long? Why didn’t you wake me up?”
“You were sleeping so soundly that it didn’t feel right to wake you up. Besides, your snoring was so loud that I wouldn’t be able to wake you up even if I tried,” Grace teased.
“Wait a minute… This isn’t my place. Where am I?” Dustin glanced around, noticing the unfamiliar and feminine decor in the room. Even the bed had a fragrant smell.
“This is my home.”
Grace explained, “There had been an unexpected incident. For your safety, I didn’t send you home and could only have you stay here temporarily.”
“An incident? What happened?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
Grace dropped a bombshell, “Last night, someone tried to kill you.”
###Chapter 1729 by Marina Vittori
“Kill me?” Dustin frowned. “Was it someone from the Dragon Guard?”
He and the Dragon Guard were now sworn enemies, so the remnants of the Dragon Guard would not let him go easily.
“We’re still not sure for now.” Grace shook her head. “We were ambushed that night. However, I was prepared and already moved you to a different vehicle. Fortunately, everything went well.”
“It must have been the remnants of the Dragon Guard.”
Audible cracks could be heard as Dustin stretched lazily. He sighed, ” Thankfully, you were quick-witted. Otherwise, I would have been in danger.
“Since I brought you to the palace, it is my duty to keep you safe.”
Grace chuckled lightly. “Besides, you’re now a key figure in the limelight. If anything were to happen to you, Dragonmarsh would be thrown into chaos.”
“Your Royal Highness, please stop putting pressure on me. I’m just a normal guy without grand ambitions. You’d better not place your expectations on me,” Dustin said with a yawn.
Even though he had slept for two days straight, it still didn’t feel enough.
“This is your destiny and the will of the Gods. There’s no escaping it. Even if you do nothing, trouble will find you.
“Rather than finding yourself cornered with no escape, why not prepare in advance? At least then, you could carve your own path,” Grace said profoundly.
She had performed divinations on Logan several times. Although she couldn’t foresee the exact outcome, she was able to infer that all major events in Dragonmarsh were intertwined with Logan. Even a small decision of his would influence the overall situation.
“Carve my own path?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, suddenly reminded of the dream he just had.
If he could choose, he would never opt for war. War only brought death and would claim the lives of his dearest friends and family.
“Grace, after that night, I now have a rough understanding of your three brothers.” Dustin suddenly changed the subject.
He continued, “They not only have the ability to fight for the throne, but they also possess great ambition.
“They’re the type of people who would use any means to achieve their goals. However, honestly, compared to your father, they fall quite short.”
To the West Lucozian monarchy, Valon’s actions might be unrighteous, but at least he worked for the good of his country and its people.
In contrast, his three sons were each harboring hidden agendas. Over the years, they never attempted to build their reputation and hadn’t achieved anything that would earn the people’s respect.
All their energy was spent on their internal struggle for power, keeping an eye on their father, and guarding against their siblings. They had thoroughly mastered the art of politics, but what they lacked was a compassionate heart.
“It’s not entirely their fault. Since they grew up in the royal family surrounded by many powerful ministers, the instinct to vie for power and gains had become almost inherent to them,” Grace explained.
“You’re pretty good at defending them. “Dustin chuckled.
He continued, “But you’re right, your brothers are not necessarily incompetent. However, I still think they lack the ability and wisdom to be a true ruler. Your father is clearly aware of this, and that’s why he’s struggling with a decision.”
“People grow up. Nobody is born a King. Perhaps, they would change once they ascend to the throne,” Grace remarked.
“That’s nearly impossible! It’s also too risky to bet Dragonmarsh’s future on your brothers’ transformation. Once we lose the bet, the consequences would be unimaginable.” Dustin shook his head.
“What exactly are you trying to say?” Grace quickly sensed something was amiss.
“It’s nothing,” Dustin said.
He smiled faintly and added, “I just wanted to ask if you’ve ever thought of becoming Queen? If you do, I would consider supporting you.”
###Chapter 1730 by Marina Vittori
“What did you say?” Grace was taken aback, thinking she had heard Dustin wrong.
“Honestly, I think you’d be great as Queen, and the King probably agrees. That is why, if you’re interested, I’ll represent the West Lucozian monarchy and back you fully,” Dustin said with a smile.
“Logan, stop joking! It’s not funny.” Grace’s tone grew serious. “I’m just a woman. I’m not qualified to sit on the throne. The monarchy would never accept me.”
“So what if you’re a woman?” Dustin asked. He continued seriously, “Who said women weren’t allowed to ascend to the throne? Queen Mary I is an example.
“Even though you’re a little younger than when she became queen, you still have space to grow. As long as you’re willing to work hard, I don’t see a problem.”
“Logan, I appreciate your trust in me, but the thought never crossed my mind. So, please abandon that idea,” Grace refused firmly.
Throughout history, there have only been a handful of queens. And even then, everything aligned perfectly for them to have that glimmer of hope.
Grace didn’t think she was comparable to those legendary queens. Most importantly, once she decided to fight for the throne, it would undoubtedly shock the world.
If that day came, it would lead to another storm of bloodshed and chaos. This was not something she was willing to witness.
“If you don’t want to, then just forget about it. I just brought it up casually. However, if you ever change your mind, just let me know anytime,” Dustin said with a faint smile.
As Valon had said, Grace was actually the most fitting candidate among the royal heirs to ascend to the throne.
Unfortunately, she was a woman, and her path to power would be fraught with difficulties. It wouldn’t be only her brothers-the entire monarchy would never accept this outcome.
Of course, it still depended on Grace. If she had the ambition, Dustin would support her wholeheartedly. If she didn’t, then she should just consider it a playful remark.
“Your thoughts are so erratic. Why bring up such a random thing?” Grace was puzzled.
“It’s nothing. I just think you’re the most suitable. Perhaps, if you become Queen, the world would change.”
Dustin chuckled.
“Don’t be silly. It’s impossible. You should focus on my three brothers.” Grace shook her head.
“There’s no need to rush. Choosing the next heir isn’t something that’s going to happen overnight. Let’s just go with the flow.”
Dustin patted his stomach and asked, ” Grace, do you have anything to eat here? I’m hungry again.”
“Wait a moment, I’ll make you something,” Grace responded.
“Really? A princess can actually cook?” Dustin was surprised.
“Is it that surprising?” Grace rolled her eyes. “I left the palace a long time ago and spent most of my time exploring the outside world. Isn’t it normal for me to know how to cook?”
“I see.” Dustin chuckled. “Seems like it’s my lucky day. I’m actually getting to try the princess’ cooking.”
“Don’t tease me!” Grace was slightly annoyed. “There are fruits in the living room. Have a snack if you’re hungry. I’ll be done in a while.” 2
With that, she left the bedroom and started busying herself in the kitchen.
Dustin rolled out of bed. Facing the sunlight streaming in through the window, he stretched lazily and felt refreshed.
Since the situation with the Dragon Guard had been settled for now, it was time to return to West Lucozia.
###Chapter 1731 by Marina Vittori
After a hearty meal, Dustin took his leave. There was a pile of things he had to attend to after sleeping for two days and one night. Thus, he had to head back quickly to make arrangements.
Before he got into the car, Grace suddenly called out to him. She warned, “Logan, the cards told me last night that you’re not entirely out of danger now. You have to be careful.”
“Rest assured, I know what I’m doing. I’ll get going now,” Dustin replied as he nodded.
His car took off in a haste.
In the car, he called Natasha to assure her of his safety. Then, he proceeded to brief Adam and Scarlet about what had happened.
He told them to prepare the Spanner family for the fight over the throne. Once the fight began, the entire
government would be involved. As one of the ancient houses, it was simply impossible for the Spanner family to stay out of this. After an hour, Dustin was back at the mansion.
Caitlyn was cooking while Cinna and Brooke were doing ink painting.
With his eyes closed, Maximus was meditating.
“Who is it?”
Once Dustin opened the door, Maximus was the first to react. His eyes opened instantly, and he pointed his sword swiftly toward the door.
“It’s me,” Dustin replied, revealing his identity.
“Dustin? You’re finally back!”
Maximus’ eyes lit up as he asked, ”
Where have you been for the past two days? There hasn’t been any news from you!”
“I’ve got something urgent to tend to. That’s why I was two days late,” Dustin answered as he flashed a smile. He couldn’t have said he had been sleeping for two days straight.
“Dustin, I’ve delivered the letter you gave me to West Lucozia.”
“Sure. No need to worry about it.” Dustin was unbothered. Instead, he asked, “Oh yeah, how’s Mr. Shaffer and Dr. Busch?”
“They’re fine. I’ve been extra vigilant for the past two days because I was worried something might happen. Fortunately, everything went well,” Maximus replied.
“Great. Thank you so much,” Dustin remarked while nodding.
“Is Logan back?”
Just then, Cinna and Brooke emerged from the study. They had been home, so they were clueless about what had been going on lately. Thus, they didn’t look too concerned.
“Mr. Shaffer, you look so much better now. You’re healing incredibly quick.”
After careful observation, Dustin realized Cinna’s face was dusted with a healthy shade of pink. His breathing was steady, and he was not any different than a normal person.
“It was all thanks to your medicine. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have recovered quickly.” Cinna chuckled.
He added, “Right, you weren’t here yesterday. The West Lucozian monarchy sent a messenger over to ask about you. Do you want to meet him personally?”
“A messenger from the monarchy? Who is it?” Dustin raised his eyebrows.
“No idea. I haven’t gone back in the last decade, and I bet there weren’t many of my old subordinates left. There must be a lot of fresh faces by now,” Cinna replied.
“Since he came for me, I’ll have to meet him then. Where is this messenger now?”
It seemed like his letter asking for help garnered attention from the monarchy. Thus, a messenger was sent to check up on him.
He found this opportunity to be a blessing as well since he intended to ask about the monarchy.
“I have no idea about his whereabouts. But he gave us his contact before he left. I’ll go ask him now,” Cinna said as he ran back to the room.
Once he got the number, he immediately called and asked.
After a while, he reappeared and said, ” Logan, the messenger said he’ll be waiting for us at the Regal Court by 8: 00 pm tonight.”
“Sure, we’ll head over tonight,” Dustin answered with a nod.
He was very familiar with the place since he had visited it multiple times lately. 1
Time flew. Soon, it was getting dark.
Dustin left at 7:00 pm. Along with Maximus and Cinna, they arrived at the Regal Court within half an hour.
###Chapter 1732 by Marina Vittori
The Regal Court wasn’t brimming with activity as it usually was. It seemed pretty deserted. It was even more so on the second floor since the entire floor was reserved. Outsiders weren’t allowed to enter.
After Dustin disclosed his identity, he led Cinna and Maximus upstairs. Meanwhile, only a man was seated in the VIP lounge on the second floor.
He was dressed in all black, and everything about him was plain. His looks and physique were extremely ordinary, even more so for his demeanor.
There was nothing unique about him. No one would pay any attention to him if he stood in a crowd.
“Your Highness!”
The moment he saw Dustin, he immediately knelt with one knee on the ground and lowered his head.
“Who are you?” Dustin asked airily.
“I’m Rodrigo, the prince’s personal guard. When he found out that you were in trouble, he sent me over to assist you,” Rodrigo stated with his head hung low. 1
“His personal guard?”
Dustin’s gaze swept across the man and questioned him again, “How are you going to prove your identity?”
He wasn’t an amateur. He knew it was important to make things clear in the first place. There was no way that he would believe whatever the man said.
“This is the emblem the prince gave me. Please have a look, Your Highness.”
Rodrigo whisked out an emblem from his pocket and handed it over to Dustin with both hands.
When Dustin laid eyes on the emblem, he finally let his guard down. It was indeed an emblem of the West Lucozian monarchy. Only the extremely trustworthy guards deserved to own this emblem.
This was more than enough to prove Rodrigo’s identity.
“General Rodrigo, since you’re one of us, there’s no need to be this formal. Please get up.”
While Dustin handed the emblem back to him, he got down and helped him up. Utterly dumbfounded, Rodrigo said, ” Thank you, Your Highness.”
“General Rodrigo, let me introduce you to the Vice Commander of the Central Cavalry, General. Cinna Shaffer,” Dustin said as he gestured toward Cinna.
“General Shaffer, I’ve heard of you. It’s truly an honor to meet you,” Rodrigo greeted politely.
“General Rodrigo, you’re being too modest. I’m already getting on in years. The world belongs to the younger generation now,” Cinna replied as he flashed a smile.
“This is my friend, Maximus,” Dustin continued as he gestured toward Maximus.
“Maximus, it’s my pleasure to meet you,” Rodrigo greeted him politely again. He was well aware that Dustin’s friends wouldn’t be someone ordinary.
“General Rodrigo, it’s my pleasure as well,” Maximus returned a polite greeting.
“Alright, since you all know each other now, let’s take a seat.” Dustin waved and signaled them to be seated. Then, he said, “General Rodrigo, I have a few questions for you.”
“Please go ahead, Your Highness. I’ll tell you everything I know,” Rodrigo replied, lowering his head.
“I heard there has been some trouble in the West Lucozian monarchy. Is this true?”
“It’s not really a problem, just some spies. They have been pretty active lately, so we caught quite a number of them.”
“How’s … Rufus doing?” Dustin finally asked the question he had longed to ask.
“The prince has been as fit as a fiddle,” Rodrigo replied as he forced a smile.
“Be honest with me! Do not deceive me! “Dustin suddenly bellowed. Startled, Rodrigo fell to the ground on his knees and exclaimed fearfully, ” Your Highness, the prince hasn’t been feeling well lately.
“He had been coughing blood at midnight, and nothing could be done despite us getting all the best doctors.
“The prince doesn’t want you to worry so he has been trying to hide from you. Plus, he told us not to breathe a word of it to you. I was left with no choice! Your Highness, please forgive me!”
“Coughing blood at midnight? Can’t the best doctors in West Lucozia cure this mere illness?”
“The miracle doctor said it’s an incurable disease. There’s no way to treat it,” Rodrigo replied with a sullen expression.
“Incurable?”
Dustin’s expression darkened.
“How long can he live?”
“The prince has two weeks at minimum. And at most, he has one year.”
Rodrigo’s shocking words left Dustin appalled as if he was struck by lightning. His face turned ashen in an instant.
###Chapter 1733 by Marina Vittori
“Two weeks at least? The longest being one year? What happened?”
Dustin was so stunned that he could barely react. There was a horrified look in his eyes.
Although he resented Rufus, he was still his father. When he heard that he didn’t have much time left, a wave of panic suddenly washed through him.
With only a few family members left, he couldn’t imagine how he was supposed to face Rufus’ death if he was gone.
“Is this news reliable?” Dustin asked in a hushed tone. He tried to keep his composure, yet his fists were clenched tight under the table.
“Your Highness, not a lot of people are aware of it now, but it’s definitely true. Even if the prince doesn’t want me to tell you, I thought you should have the right to know,” Rodrigo replied with his head hung low.
“The prince has always been healthy. Why did things suddenly turn out this way?”
“Throughout the past decade, the prince has been working too hard! Not only does he have to watch over West Lucozia to prevent the savages from invading, but he still has to prevent internal conflicts from the court. He really reached his limit!” Rodrigo exclaimed, his voice trembling.
As Rufus’ personal guard, he was well aware of the situation.
In the past, the Prince of West Lucozia was truly majestic and domineering. Even a slight move of his would have an immense impact on the government.
Yet now, he was getting on in years and didn’t have much time left. It was certainly lamentable.
“Ah… it’s true that the prince really had too much on his shoulders throughout these years. He had the entire West Lucozia on his back.
“It was nearly half of the territory of Dragonmarsh. Although he was unparalleled, things had really been too hard on him,” Cinna sighed, his expression sullen.
“Did Rufus mention anything else?” Dustin suppressed his emotions, trying to make himself appear indifferent.
“The prince said if you feel tired or wronged, you can always go back. West Lucozia will always be your home!” Rodrigo said in a trembling voice.
“Go back?” In a daze, Dustin stared at the teacup on the table as he continued, “It’s been so long. Maybe it’s about time to go back to visit.”
“Great! I’ll arrange it immediately!”
Rodrigo was over the moon when Dustin agreed to go back.
Over the years, Rufus had been longing for his return. However, he showed no signs of returning due to the conflict that happened between them years ago.
Of course, Rodrigo would be overjoyed when Dustin finally agreed to go back. After a decade, Rufus and Dustin could finally reunite with each other.
“Don’t be in a hurry. I still have something to tend to. After three days, I’ll take my leave for West Lucozia,” Dustin interrupted as he gestured to Rodrigo to return to his seat.
“Sure! As long as Your Highness is willing to go back, anytime is fine,” Rodrigo replied as he nodded repeatedly.
“Did the monarchy only send you to Osnal?” Dustin suddenly asked.
“No, A team of undercover agents tagged along as well.”
With a solemn expression, Rodrigo continued, “These are all extremely skilled agents trained by the monarchy. Each member could take on an army.
“However, I disbanded them once we entered Osnal to avoid drawing any attention. If Your Highness would like to meet them, I can get them now.”
“No need for the hassle. Since they’re undercover agents, just let them stay hidden,” Dustin replied, shaking his head.
These undercover agents were truly exceptional. Not only did they possess skills and strategy, they were all equipped with special abilities.
Be it gathering information or assassinating important figures, they had to rely on these agents.
A lot of these agents had to remain unknown for the rest of their lives as they could only live with fake identities. Even after they died, they couldn’t receive the recognition they deserved.
###Chapter 1734 by Marina Vittori
They were a team of warriors who triumphed in the dark. Each of them was precious and should be protected at all costs.
“Thank you very much for your understanding, Your Highness.” Rodrigo heaved a sigh of relief.
Given Dustin’s special status, a lot of people had been keeping a close eye on him. They would be easily exposed if all the undercover agents gathered together.
“You should be familiar with what’s going on in the monarchy. Tell me, what is the current situation?” Dustin asked again.
“Your Highness, it’s-”
Just as Rodrigo was about to speak, a series of hurried footsteps was heard downstairs.
They exchanged glances and immediately grew vigilant.
Before they could even act, a horde of masked assassins charged at them, each with a fierce look in their eyes. Given their formidable presence, they were clearly not ordinary men.
The one taking the lead was dressed in red, and he was accompanied by another four individuals dressed in white. The rest were all dressed in black.
“Who are you guys?” Maximus drew his sword and stood in front of Dustin.
“Your Highness, you should go first. I’ll hold them off.” Rodrigo gradually unsheathed his dagger at his waist. His eyes were flaring with murderous intent.
“Logan Rhys! You destroyed the Dragon Guard and killed our old Chief Guildmaster! You’ll be very sorry for that!” the assassin in red roared furiously.
“Do you think you can take me down with just the few of you?” Dustin remained seated, being utterly calm. He even took a sip of his tea. It seemed like he was unfazed at all.
“What an arrogant brat! You’ll get a taste of how powerful the Dragon Guard is now!”
The Red Cloak Assassin suddenly flung his hand in the air as he roared, “Get into formation! Kill him!”
“Yes!”
Without further ado, the remaining White Cloak Assassins drew their swords and charged at Dustin in an instant. They moved so fast that only glimpses of their silhouettes could be seen as they lunged at him.
Moreover, they cooperated seamlessly. Both their offense and defense worked well. Once they got into formation, they were even more formidable.
“I’ll take care of you!”
Maximus threw the scabbard at them and seized the chance to charge at the four White Cloak Assassins. He entered their formation.
“You’re asking for death!” the Red Cloak Assassin sneered, looking at him as if he was already dead.
The Dragon Guard was highly organized, with hierarchical levels ranging from ordinary members, officials, guardians, honored members, elders, and assistant chief guild master to the chief guildmaster.
He was one of the honored members, who was also considered one of the higher-ups. The four men who just charged out were the guardians of the Dragon Guard. One had to have at least half the capability of a grandmaster in order to qualify as a guardian.
When the four White Assassins got into formation, even a grandmaster martial artist couldn’t be compared with their strength.
As expected, Maximus was instantly thrown back just as he broke into their formation. He screamed as he fell to the ground with a loud thud, spitting out blood.
Although he was close to half a grandmaster’s abilities, he was still considerably inferior to the four Guardians of Dragon Guard in formation.
“Maximus, get back now. Leave them to me.”
Once Rodrigo saw the situation was turning unfavorable, he immediately dashed toward the information with his sword in hand. In an instant, an intense fight broke out between him and the four Guardians.
###Chapter 1735 by Marina Vittori
Rodrigo was incredibly fast with his sword. It moved so quickly that it was almost impossible to see clearly.
His technique was fierce and forceful, like a tough military approach, without any fancy moves. Each move of his seemed crafted with lethal intent. It was simple, effective, and brutally violent. Despite the mysterious spells of the four guardians, Rodrigo’s fast sword made them useless.
Whenever they attempted to change formation, Rodrigo quickly saw the weakness and broke through with his quick strikes.
After a series of clashes, he beat the four guardians.
“I didn’t expect General Rodrigo to be such a powerful grandmaster martial artist,” Cinna exclaimed in surprise.
“He is Rufus’s personal guard and leads a team of spies,” Dustin said calmly. “It shows how skilled he is.”
From their first meeting with Rodrigo, Dustin sensed his impressive abilities.
Given that Rufus entrusted Rodrigo to travel to Oakvale, it was evident that he possessed significant skills and abilities.
Cinna narrowed his eyes and said, ” General Rodrigo is only in his 30s, but reaching this level is amazing. Prince Rufus surely has some hidden talents.”
“The battle is about to end,” Dustin suddenly said. And just like that, Rodrigo attacked even faster. His moves were like big waves, hitting again and again.
The already retreating four guardians faced increased pressure. Before they could last ten moves, Rodrigo’s swift blade sent them flying. They were hurt and fell down, coughing up blood.
“Hmph! Trying to hurt Prince Logan? You have to deal with me first!” Rodrigo looked really strong and ready to fight. It was so different from when he was scared of Dustin.
“I didn’t expect you to be so strong,” the Red Cloak Assassin said, raising his hand to halt the Four Guardians who were ready to continue their assault.
“Now, it’s your turn!” Rodrigo lifted his blade, pointing it at the Red Cloak Assassin’s face.
“Hmph! Do you think beating those four is enough to challenge me? You really overestimate yourself!” the Red Cloak Assassin snorted. “Today, I’ll show you how powerful a Dragon Guard can be!”
After saying that, he pulled out his sword, turned into a shadow, and jumped at Rodrigo. Rodrigo too refused to back down. He leaped and collided head-on with the Red Cloak Assassin.
The two grandmaster martial artists quickly engaged in a fierce clash. The second floor of the Regal Court was nearly destroyed in an instant.
Their fight extended into the courtyard, leaving it in ruins. Their swords glinted in the dark, a clash of gold and iron, creating a dazzling spectacle.
“Dustin, who do you think will win between them?” Cinna suddenly asked.
Dustin narrowed his eyes and said, “In terms of strength, the Dragon Guard’s member has a slight advantage, but General Rodrigo is more daring and ready to risk it all. It’s a showdown where the brave prevail.”
He paused and continued, “However, General Rodrigo’s boldness narrows the gap in strength between them. The actual winner depends on how they perform.”
He wasn’t in a hurry to intervene because he wasn’t sure if the Dragon Guard had any hidden moves.
Attacking rashly might lead to falling into a trap, especially if there were other aces lurking nearby.
After a short fight in the courtyard, the Red Cloak Assassin grew impatient. The momentum shifted against the Dragon Guard, and their enemies seized the opportunity in the chaos.
The royal forces, in particular, started covertly surrounding them.
His first plan to quickly beat Dustin and get revenge for Alaric was now in jeopardy. If things took too long and the skilled royal warriors showed up, he might not be able to get away.
To prevent more trouble, he needed to quickly deal with the troublesome Rodrigo and then eliminate Dustin.
###Chapter 1736 by Marina Vittori
Furious, the Red Cloak Assassin yelled, “I don’t have time for this, get lost!”
His temper flared, and he abandoned caution to launch a relentless attack. This left the once evenly matched Rodrigo quickly at a disadvantage.
There was indeed a gap in their strengths. Rodrigo’s previous ability to stand firm against the Red Cloak Assassin was solely based on his bold courage.
Now, with the Red Cloak Assassin fighting desperately, that advantage was gone. The upcoming battle was all about raw power.
“Die!” the Red Cloak Assassin shouted, intensifying his increasingly fierce attacks. Forced into a defensive retreat, Rodrigo could only block without a chance to counter.
If this continued, he would be completely defeated in less than three minutes.
“We can’t wait any longer!”
Upon seeing this, Dustin’s expression turned cold. Just as he was about to step in and help, a sudden sense of caution struck him.
Before he could react, he heard a bang, and a black mist erupted beneath his feet. Instinctively, Dustin activated his energy armor. However, a strange and eerie scene unfolded. The black mist penetrated Dustin’s energy armor and relentlessly seeped into his body.
The horror intensified as the mist invaded his eyes, ears, mouth, nose, and even the pores on his skin.
“How can this be?” Dustin exclaimed in shock.
Even with Dustin’s vast experience, he had never encountered a situation like this before. The energy armor couldn’t withstand it.
What on earth?
Dustin immediately channeled his energy to force out the poison. Despite the eerie nature of the black mist, pushing the poison out wasn’t impossible for him.
“Dustin! Are you okay?” Cinna’s worried voice came from outside the mist.
“Mr. Shaffer! Don’t come over! This mist is poisonous!” Dustin immediately warned, but it was too late.
Cinna dashed into the mist without a second thought. In less than three seconds, he turned pale and collapsed. Having recently recovered from a serious illness, Cinna was already weakened, and the potent poison further exacerbated his condition.
“Mr. Shaffer!” Dustin’s face quickly changed. Without thinking about himself, he grabbed Cinna from the toxic mist and started meditating to heal him.
Under Dustin’s treatment, the poison that had entered Cinna’s body started to dissipate gradually. On the contrary, Dustin’s situation was dire. The toxic mist had invaded his organs. Any further delay would result in severe injury, if not death.
Unfortunately, with his focus on detoxifying Cinna, he couldn’t tend to himself. He could only allow the mist to invade his body.
Amidst this tense moment, the Red Cloaked Assassin had already settled the battle with Rodrigo. After a fierce fight, he severely injured Rodrigo at the cost of his arm.
“Dustin! Prepare to die!”
The Red Cloaked Assassin saw Dustin helping Cinna and took the chance. He charged forward, aiming a fierce blow at Dustin’s head.
###Chapter 1737 by Marina Vittori
The Red Cloaked Assassin attacked fast and hard, catching Dustin by surprise from behind. Dustin was still busy helping Cinna and couldn’t defend himself.
When the assassin’s blade came, Dustin quickly activated his energy armor, creating a protective shield.
“Clang!”
The Red Cloaked Assassin’s blade hit Dustin’s energy armor, creating a faint ripple. The immense recoil sent the assassin’s weapon flying, making him stagger backward.
“How is this possible?”
The Red Cloaked Assassin’s eyes widened in shock. His full-force surprise attack should have at least gravely wounded Dustin.
Yet, Dustin sat unscathed, while the assassin was pushed back. He was surprised that Dustin’s strength might be even greater than his.
“Pfft!”
Suddenly, as Dustin was still healing, he spat out black blood. His face turned ashen. The poison from earlier was potent. Even with his robust body, Dustin couldn’t resist it.
The primary reason was the extensive energy consumption in treating Cinna. It left him unable to suppress the toxins invading his organs.
In addition to that, the Red Cloaked Assassin’s surprise attack prompted Dustin to defend himself forcefully. As a result, he got hurt and ended up coughing blood.
“Haha… It looks like you’re almost finished!”
The Red Cloaked Assassin mocked, thinking he had dealt a significant blow to Dustin.
“This strike will be the end of you!”
The Red Cloaked Assassin reached for his flying blade. He closed the gap and swung it at Dustin.
“Your Highness!” the heavily wounded Rodrigo roared. With a powerful kick, he used his body as a weapon and crashed into the Red Cloaked Assassin’s back.
With a grunt, the assassin was sent flying several meters. He landed in a sorry state with his sword dropped to the ground.
As for Rodrigo, the forceful collision caused him to spit blood and fly backward. Already suffering from severe injuries, he lay on the ground, unable to move.
He was left incapacitated.
“Damn! You’re asking for death!” the Red Cloaked Assassin cursed.
He stood up and glared at Rodrigo.
“Since you enjoy playing the hero, I’ll take you out first!”
With a sudden leap, the Red Cloaked Assassin raised his palm and aimed a fierce strike at Rodrigo’s head. Unable to move, Rodrigo could only raise his arms in a feeble attempt to block.
A loud bang echoed. Rodrigo’s arms fractured instantly. He was thrown like a ragdoll, crashing into a wall and coughing up blood incessantly.
“Run, Your Highness! Run!” Rodrigo shouted hoarsely despite his condition.
“Run? Where to?”
The Red Cloaked Assassin turned to glance at Dustin. His eyes were filled with murderous intent. He had almost forgotten that Rodrigo was just a minor character. Killing him held no significance. Dustin was the key figure.
To avoid complications, he had to be dealt with swiftly.
“Dustin! Prepare to die!”
Once again, the assassin leaped into the air, delivering a full-force palm strike toward the back of Dustin’s head. It was a vital attack. Even if Dustin had his energy armor on, it wouldn’t withstand this blow.
“Whoosh!”
The strike distorted the air.
Just as the Red Cloaked Assassin was about to succeed, Dustin, who had been healing Cinna, seemed to sense something. He abruptly turned around and struck out with his palm.
“Bang!”
###Chapter 1738 by Marina Vittori
Two powerful strikes collided, creating a loud boom. Dustin merely shivered slightly and easily stopped all the force.
Dustin’s strike sent the Red Cloaked Assassin flying. He crashed hard onto the ground with blood pouring from his mouth. Most of his circulatory pathways shattered.
“How-How can you be this powerful?”
The Red Cloaked Assassin clutched his chest. He looked terrified. Despite being poisoned and heavily injured, Dustin triumphed with just one hit. The Red Cloaked Assassin couldn’t help but wonder if Dustin was truly that much stronger.
“Did you not investigate my strength before ambushing me?”
Dustin’s voice was cold, and a bit of black blood stained his lips. Cinna got rid of all the poison in his body, so he wasn’t in danger anymore. Dustin was hurt and poisoned, but because he was really skilled, he could endure it for a little while.
“Although you’re just a grandmaster martial artist, we are more than enough to kill you!” the Red Cloaked Assassin interrupted.
On the day the Dragon Guard was destroyed, most of its high-ranking members were obliterated. The few left were scattered and couldn’t regroup.
A recent message about Dustin meeting with monarchy spies led the assassin to believe that Dustin was behind the West Lucozian monarchy’s plan.
He thought he could seek revenge, but he had underestimated Dustin’s formidable strength.
“Ha! I’d probably be dead by now if I were just an ordinary grandmaster martial artist. Do you think I’d have survived till today?”
“Really?”
The Red Cloaked Assassin’s eyes widened in disbelief.
“Are you an ultimate grandmaster?”
Dustin being only in his early 20s and reaching the status of an ultimate grandmaster seemed unbelievable and frightening.
“I have one question. How did you find us?” Dustin asked seriously. He was extra careful not to be followed, but as soon as he arrived at the Regal Court, he was ambushed. Something odd was taking place.
“I’ll take you on!”
The Red Cloaked Assassin clenched his teeth, fought through his injuries, and charged at Dustin once more. But as soon as he got close, Dustin grabbed him by the neck and lifted him up. Trapped by Dustin’s energy, the assassin couldn’t move or fight back.
“If you don’t want to die, just tell me the truth,” Dustin warned, squeezing the Red Cloaked Assassin’s neck.
The assassin’s face turned red. He struggled to breathe, and his veins popped out. The fear of death took over him instantly.
“I… I’ll talk… Someone mysterious sent us a secret message to let us know where you were hiding,” the Red Cloaked Assassin replied hoarsely.
“Who’s this mysterious person?”
Dustin pressed on.
“I… I don’t know. He didn’t reveal anything, but he knew our secret code. Probably a spy from the Dragon Guard, “the assassin replied raspingly.
“A spy?”
Dustin’s face turned serious.
The message arriving right on time hinted at someone knowing their plans beforehand. In other words, there might be a traitor among them.
Rodrigo was the brave royal guard protecting Dustin and therefore seemed reliable.
Dustin wondered about the traitor’s identity.
Suddenly, Dustin felt a sharp pain in his back. A knife had stabbed through him. The blood on the blade carried faint black traces.
Dustin stared at the knife in disbelief. When he turned around, he was shocked to see that it was Cinna who was holding the knife.
###Chapter 1739 by Marina Vittori
Dustin was baffled. He stared at Cinna after the sudden attack. He had suspicions about many people, such as Maximus and Brooke, but never about Cinna.
Cinna had risked his life for Dustin beforeand had sacrificed so much for the West Lucozian monarchy. Even at the risk of his own poisoning and injury, Dustin felt indebted and went all out to save him.
Cinna was like family to him. As a death warrior for the monarchy, it was unbelievable that he would betray him.
“Mr. Shaffer? What-what are you doing?” Dustin asked with a trembling voice.
Even now, he could hardly believe what was happening.
“Dustin, I’m sorry, but I had no choice, “Cinna said with a complex expression and a hint of guilt.
“I told you not to dig into the past. It would bring deadly consequences. Why didn’t you listen? You could have lived a peaceful life. Why did you choose this path?”
“You… Who are you, really?”
Dustin frowned deeply.
“I am Cinna, the Vice Commander of the Central Cavalry in West Lucozia. But before that, I was a spy for the Dragon Guard,” Cinna explained with a sigh.
Dustin struggled to digest this unexpected revelation. He had never imagined Cinna to be a spy for the Dragon Guard.
So it was Cinna who had informed the Red Cloaked Assassin’s group about their location. He was the one who caused the mysterious black fog. He had even poisoned himself to create an opening for the Red Cloaked Assassin’s ambush.
The complicated deceit had completely caught Dustin off guard. Even now, he questioned if he had made a mistake somewhere.
“Truthfully, when your father became the Prince of West Lucozia, the Dragon Guard had already started plotting. Reston, the former General of the Central Cavalry, and I were all part of their plan,” Cinna explained helplessly.
Learning of their collusion shattered Dustin’s trust.
“You and Reston planned the massacre! I trusted you and never once thought you were involved in that attack!”
Dustin’s eyes turned red.
“Why? My mother was generous to you, my father treated you as family. Why betray them?”
“I’m sorry, it’s my duty,” Cinna admitted guiltily.
“I’m a spy for the Dragon Guard. I’m indebted to you and the West Lucozian Monarchy. But I had no other choice. I owe you in this lifetime. If there’s another one, I’d gladly serve you.”
“I don’t understand. The Dragon Guard is destroyed. Why do you still work for them?”
Dustin struggled to comprehend.
Despite being a spy, Cinna could have avoided danger if he had stayed hidden. He could even use the situation to clear his name and live peacefully.
Cinna sighed.
“Dustin, once you become a spy, there’s no turning back. Reston is my superior. He’s still alive, and is now the Assistant Chief Guildmaster of the Dragon Guard. He’ll come back stronger. It’s fated that neither of us can escape.”
“Nonsense! Fate is what we make of it, “Dustin retorted angrily.
“You choose your path. You’ve betrayed us and the sacrifices of the West Lucozian soldiers. We’ll await you in hell!”
In a fit of rage, Dustin snapped the Red Cloaked Assassin’s neck and punched Cinna. From the moment his chest was pierced, Dustin was on the brink of death.
This punch, filled with anger and resentment, marked his final strike. He had never expected to die at the hands of his most trusted ally.
###Chapter 1740 by Marina Vittori
The only option for Dustin now was to go down with Cinna.
“Huh?”
Facing Dustin’s swift iron fist, Cinna instinctively raised his arms to block it.
“Thud!”
A muffled sound echoed as Dustin’s punch directly broke Cinna’s arms. Cinna flew like a sandbag. He crashed 20 feet away and spat out blood.
“Traitor!”
Dustin’s rage made his eyes bulge as he prepared to pursue.
Cinna realized the danger and swiftly formed hand seals. With a stomp of his foot, he instantly disappeared, leaving only a pile of clothes.
That was undoubtedly an extraordinary vanishing technique.
Dustin started coughing up lots of blood as soon as Cinna vanished.
Dustin was in critical condition due to old wounds, potent poison, and a blade in his chest. He was on the verge of collapsing.
“Your Highness!” Rodrigo roared in frustration, but he couldn’t move due to his severe injuries.
“Dustin!”
Maximus was barely able to stay upright either.
They were all in dire states and there were still many Dragon Guard assassins around.
“Maximus, take Rodrigo and leave!”
Dustin barely supported his shattered body. He tried not to collapse. As long as the knife wasn’t pulled out, he might be able to hold on for a short while.
“Dustin! What about you?”
Maximus was panicking.
Among the three, Dustin’s injuries were undoubtedly the most severe.
“Don’t worry, I’m skilled. I won’t die.”
Dustin forced a smile through the pain.
Nevertheless, Maximus was worried.
“But-”
“No more words! Take Rodrigo and go!”
Maximus was about to say something, but Dustin interrupted him with a shout. Maximus helped Rodrigo up and staggered away with him.
The Dragon Guard assassins didn’t chase after them. Instead, they surrounded Dustin.
Their goal was clear. Maximus and Rodrigo were out of their hunting range. There was no need to waste energy on them.
“Dustin, you’re at the brink of defeat. Surrender immediately!”
Four assassins in white brandished their knives. They eyed Dustin fiercely. Behind them stood a group of black- clad aces from the Dragon Guard. They were all skilled fighters.
“Remnants of the Dragon Guard, come at me if you’re not afraid to die!”
Dustin grinned. His eyes reflected a resolute acceptance of his fate.
“Kill him!”
At the command, all the Dragon Guard assassins surged forward and closed in on Dustin for another life-and-death battle.
###Chapter 1741 by Marina Vittori
Three minutes later, all the Dragon Guard assassins lay in a pool of blood. Dustin was drenched in blood. He staggered, barely holding himself up.
His life signs weakened, and his powerful energy dissipated. He was on the verge of collapse. The surroundings grew hazy. His heartbeat was near silent.
“After everything I’ve been through, I die at the hands of my own people. How ironic!”
Dustin chuckled softly as he looked at the knife in his chest. He grabbed it with both hands and pulled it out.
In an instant, blood sprayed.
Since death was inevitable, he didn’t want to have a knife stuck in him. As he pulled it out, the world spun. With a final thud, he collapsed.
Everything went black.
At that moment, Dustin’s pendant glowed and vanished into his forehead. As the pendant entered his body, it instantly transformed into a powerful energy coursing through Dustin’s limbs and bones.
The strange poison Cinna unleashed swiftly dissipated upon contact with this energy. Dustin’s previous internal injuries, including the fatal wound from the knife, gradually began to repair under the influence of this energy.
A vibrant life force emerged within this energy. It pulled Dustin back from the brink of death. Meanwhile, at a distant house, Grace suddenly shuddered and coughed up blood. Her once flawless face turned pale.
“What’s happening? Has the pendant been damaged?”
Confusion marred her expression.
“This is bad!”
Without hesitation, Grace immediately cast a spell and transformed into a streak of light, heading straight toward a certain destination.
In the secret base of the Dragon Guard headquarters, a man in a ghostly mask lounged on a fancy golden dragon throne. He briefly closed his eyes for a break. He gave off an air of supreme authority, as if he owned the world.
On both sides of him stood a team of death warriors with grim faces. These death warriors were trained aces of the Dragon Guard.
They not only practiced dark magic but also constantly fortified their bodies with poisons. They rendered themselves tireless, impervious to pain, and fearlessly resilient to death.
From the moment of their training, their emotions were sealed. In their eyes, there was no distinction between men and women, no difference in age, and certainly no concept of right or wrong.
They only obeyed orders, ready to sacrifice their lives without hesitation to fulfill their missions. These death warriors were no longer considered human. They had been transformed into killing machines, becoming the most potent force within the Dragon Guard.
Suddenly, a hurried sound of footsteps echoed outside of the courtyard.
Shortly after, a figure somersaulted into the courtyard. The figure was injured and left a few drops of blood with every two steps.
The sound of persistent coughing resonated.
The figure emerged from the shadows and entered the hall.
###Chapter 1742 by Marina Vittori
Cinna, visibly injured from Dustin’s attack, stood before the masked man on the dragon throne.
“Mr. Shaffer, are you hurt?” the masked man asked in a deep, raspy voice.
“Just a scratch won’t kill me,” Cinna replied.
He coughed up blood in between words.
“Looks more than a scratch. Take this medicine.”
The masked man waved his hand and a black tablet shot out.
“Thanks.”
Cinna caught the tablet and swallowed it right away. This medicine from the Dragon Guard was exceptionally rare. It could heal serious injuries really fast, but only high-ranking members got to use it.
“Mr. Rever,” Cinna began, but Reagan raised a hand and interrupted him.
“I’m now Reagan Judd. You can call me Mr. Judd or Sir Judd. The past is best left behind.”
“Yes, Sir Judd.”
Cinna nodded respectfully.
“Mr. Shaffer, how did the task I assigned you go?” Reagan inquired.
“I stabbed Dustin’s heart. He should be dead by now,” Cinna reported.
“Excellent!”
Reagan nodded approvingly.
“Mr. Shaffer, you’ve accomplished a great feat.”
“Sir Judd, can you release my daughter now?” Cinna pleaded.
His loyalty to the Dragon Guard was due to manipulation. His beloved daughter was held captive by the Dragon Guard. Cinna was only allowed to meet her briefly every year.
Any act of defiance would not only cost him his life, but also bring torment upon his daughter. The Dragon Guard’s means of controlling spies were simple yet brutally effective.
In order to ensure his daughter’s safety, Cinna had no choice but to kill Dustin.
“Mr. Shaffer, your daughter is safe and well cared for. No need to worry,” Reagan stated casually.
“Sir Judd, you promised to let us go once this was done,” Cinna said while frowning.
“I’ll keep my promise, but now isn’t the time.”
Reagan’s voice became rough.
“You took down Dustin, but the West Lucozian Monarchy remains. We won’t stop until it crumbles.”
“The West Lucozian Monarchy is powerful. How can we easily defeat them?” Cinna asked puzzledly.
“I’ve planned this for ten years,” Reagan calmly replied.
“Rufus is dying, and he won’t last long. When Dustin is gone, chaos will follow. I’ll place a puppet in power and seize control.”
Reagan’s ambition was clear in his words. The Oakvale royalty was insignificant compared to the true threat of the West Lucozian Monarchy. Once he controlled it and the mighty Black Dragon Army, the world would be at his feet.
“Sir Judd, must we be so ruthless?”
Cinna’s expression was conflicted.
“Remember, back in the day-”
Before he could finish, Reagan cut in.
“Are you having second thoughts? To achieve greatness, one must be ruthless. Softness achieves nothing. Consider your future and that of your daughter. Some actions can’t be undone.”
“I understand.”
Cinna reluctantly complied when at the mention of his daughter.
“Sir Judd, what are your orders?”
Reagan raised his glass.
“Everything’s set. We just need the final blow. Tomorrow, we head to West Lucozia. After all this planning, it’s time to close the trap.”
###Chapter 1743 by Marina Vittori
It was unclear how long it had been when Dustin slowly regained consciousness. His upper body was wrapped in thick bandages. His limbs were feeble and weak, and his breath was visibly frail.
“Didn’t I die?”
Dustin glanced at his palm, then around the room. The place seemed somewhat familiar. It was as though he had been there before.
“You’re awake?”
Grace entered the room carrying a bowl of soup.
“You were severely injured. Fortunately, you’re resilient. It wasn’t easy to save you.”
“Did you save me?”
Dustin was astonished.
“Who else?” Grace said lightly.
“The pendant I gave you protected your vital organs. It infused powerful vitality into your body when it mattered most. It was a close call, but it pulled you back from the brink of death.”
“I didn’t expect that that pendant could bring me back from the brink. Do you have any more of those treasures? Maybe give me a couple?” Dustin shamelessly asked.
“Haha! Do you think I have them lying around?” Grace replied irritatedly.
“Creating a pendant takes ten years off my life. If it gets destroyed, I feel the pain too. I’ve only given the pendants to two people in my life. That’s Father and you.”
“Ten years of life? That’s incredibly valuable,” Dustin exclaimed in surprise.
Such treasures made using life force were extraordinary. But they were equally risky as they disappeared after a single use.
“Do you think I’m joking with you?” Grace replied calmly.
“If your life weren’t at stake, I wouldn’t have given you that pendant.”
“Your Royal Highness, I am deeply grateful,” Dustin expressed his gratitude.
“Is that all for saving your life?”
Grace teased.
“If Your Royal Highness faces any trouble, I’ll give my all to assist you,” Dustin vowed earnestly.
“That’s more like it.”
Grace chuckled.
“By the way, how long have I been unconscious?” Dustin suddenly asked.
“Three days,” Grace replied.
“What? That long?”
Dustin frowned.
“Don’t worry, your friends are all safe and sound. I’ve reached out to them and have arranged safe houses. They should be fine for now,” Grace reassured him.
“That’s a relief.”
Dustin sighed. He feared that Cinna might have led the Dragon Guard to wipe out everyone while he was unconscious.
“Dustin, considering your strength, very few in Oakvale could match you. I examined your body. You were poisoned and stabbed in the chest. What happened?” Grace asked cautiously.
Dustin was an ultimate grandmaster. After Alaric’s death and the destruction of most of the Dragon Guard aces, there weren’t many in Oakvale who could fatally wound him.
“Let’s not dwell on it. There was a traitor by my side who took advantage of my vulnerability and stabbed me.”
Dustin’s expression turned cold. It would have been understandable if he faced a powerful enemy and sustained severe injuries due to a lack of skill.
However, being betrayed by someone he trusted turned the situation into more than just a simple injury.
###Chapter 1744 by Marina Vittori
It was actually his self-confidence that took a real hit.
“Dustin Rhys, let me remind you, a camel that starved to death is still bigger than a horse. The Dragon Guard might have been destroyed, but the remnants of this organization are still powerful. You have to be very careful.”
Grace sounded very serious.
“I know that.”
Dustin nodded.
“I have learned my lesson. I’ll never allow this to happen again.”
“I hope so,” Grace replied.
“Anything special happened in the three days that I was unconscious?” Dustin asked.
“You reminded me of something!”
Grace suddenly thought of something and exclaimed.
“According to the information I received from the royal family, the remnants of Dragon Guard appear to have left Oakvale. They even shut down all of the secret businesses they owned.
“They left Oakvale? Where did they go? “Dustin continued asking.
“I can’t say for sure. But according to the information gathered from all over, the Dragon Guard remnants might have moved on to West Lucozia,” Grace replied.
“No way! I have to go back right now!”
Dustin tried to get up from bed as he spoke. However, he gasped in pain as he accidentally yanked on his wound in haste.
“Stop moving around!”
Grace reached out to hold him down.
“You were gravely injured. It’s also a penetrating wound. I have already applied Dew Balm on it. Still, you need a few more days to completely recover.”
“There’s no time for that! The Dragon Guard is very well prepared. They are going to West Lucozia with an ulterior motive. I have to stop them!” Dustin said in a low voice.
“How are you going to stop them in your current condition?”
Grace frowned and continued, “Reagan Judd is not someone you can take on haphazardly. He also has a few trained professionals assisting him. You couldn’t even defeat him when you were healthy. How would you do it now that you’re down with a serious injury?”
“Even if I couldn’t defeat him, I could at least inform the West Lucozian monarchy so they could prepare themselves,” Dustin replied.
“You don’t have to worry about that. I have already sent your father a secret letter when you were unconscious. I believe that he’s made some arrangements and is all prepared.”
Grace had predicted this. Dustin was a little taken aback when he heard that. He had no idea that Grace was such a conscientious person. She had prepared for everything beforehand. It was no wonder that Valon Linsor was so proud of his daughter.
“Your Highness, thank you for all that you’ve done. Nevertheless, I still need to return to West Lucozia.”
Dustin slowly sat up straight. He seemed to have calmed down a little.
“Regardless, West Lucozia is my home. I can’t just spectate while there’s a great impending danger.”
“You can certainly go home. But, you must do so with a plan. If not, your presence will be the Achilles heel of the West Lucozian monarchy,” Grace warned.
From her understanding, Rufus was someone who cared very deeply for his son. If Dustin was in any danger, he’d lose his mind. If that happened, it’d give the remnants of Dragon Guard an opportunity to defeat him.
“I know that.”
Dustin nodded.
“I will keep a low profile when I return this time. I won’t have contact with anyone from the West Lucozian monarchy as well. I’ll just investigate this covertly. I’ll expose Dragon Guard’s evil plan when the time is right.
“That’d be best,” Grace agreed.
She continued, “Still, I don’t think you can do this alone. You’ll need some help.”
“Rufus sent a SWAT team to Oakvale. They’re under my command,” Dustin said.
“A SWAT team is not even enough to scratch the surface.”
Grace shook her head.
“How about this? I’ll go with you. We have quite a few people with special talents and abilities at Regal Observatory. They’re all under my command and they should be able to help you.”
###Chapter 1745 by Marina Vittori
“You?”
Dustin was surprised to hear that as he looked Grace up and down.
He said, “Your Highness, you’re a very cherished princess. You mustn’t put yourself at risk, and I can’t involve you in this.”
“What? You don’t think I can do it?”
Grace smiled and waved her hand. Suddenly, a sharp and white light shot out the window. It destroyed the artificial mountain in the garden.
There was a loud explosion. The artificial mountain was blown to ashes.
“The internal energy of a grandmaster?
Dustin’s pupil constricted.
“You’re actually a grandmaster martial artist?”
Female grandmasters were very rare. It was hard for women to undergo the training to become a grandmaster due to their bodily limitations.
Dustin really had no idea that Grace was actually a grandmaster because she looked so fragile. The most important point was that he had failed to realize this despite spending so much time with her, even with all his experience. He thought that this woman was very good at hiding her talents. 2
“I may not be as strong as you are, but I’m not that bad. I can absolutely help you shoulder some problems.”
Grace smiled lightly.
“If you were a man, you’d definitely be the heir to the throne!” Dustin praised her sincerely.
It should be made known that the people from Regal Observatory were not good at martial arts. They mainly studied divinatory practices. If Grace was a grandmaster martial artist, she must be a real whiz when it came to the divinatory practices. He already had a vague idea when she gave him the revival talisman.
“Stop joking around. I’ll only help you on one condition.”
Grace changed the topic.
“What would that be?” Dustin asked.
“It’s very simple. You have to help me find Dracan Essence.”
Grace cut straight to the point.
“Of course, I would play it fair when we find it. We’ll split it evenly.”
“You’re not going to be king anyway. Why are you looking for the Dracan Essence?”
Dustin was a little curious.
“Everyone’s responsible for the rise and fall of their country,” Grace replied frankly.
“Sure, you’ve helped me so many times. I must repay you. When West Lucozia is at peace again, I’ll help you find Dracan Essence.”
Dustin finally agreed. Grace had helped him so much. She even saved his life once. He must repay her, one way or another.
“Alright! We have a deal then!”
Grace smiled.
“Your Highness, I must leave for West Lucozia as soon as possible. Could you please help me arrange it?” Dustin asked.
“No problem, leave it to me,” Grace replied as she turned to leave.
There was a private jet taking off from Oakvale the next morning. It was headed toward West Lucozia. Dustin looked at the clouds from his window on the plane. At this moment, the sun was just rising. It was a beautiful sight to behold. The sun’s fiery red rays illuminated the layers of cloud, and the whole sky had a reddish glow.
“Dustin Rhys …”
Grace suddenly walked over with some documents in her hands and sat next to him.
She said, “The Zenith Society just announced some new changes to three of their lists. It’s quite interesting. Would you like to take a look at it?”
“List? What list?”
Dustin turned to look at her.
“The lists that were renewed this time were the Divine Weapon List, the Legendary List, and the Astonishing World List. I’ll start with the first list they published, the Divine Weapon List.
“First on the Divine Weapon List is the Celestial Slay which belongs to Arion Foyer.
“Second on the list, the Dragon Sparrow Sword which belongs to Dustin Rhys.
“Third on the list, the Inferno Fury Spear which belongs to Reagan Judd.”
###Chapter 1746 by Marina Vittori
“Fourth, the Snow Breeze Sword which belongs to Cyrus Hadley.
“Fifth, the Almighty Dagger which belongs to Alloy Marshall.
“Sixth, the Starshine Sword which belongs to Frost Bane.
“Seventh, the Thunder Blade which belongs to Taylor Quinton.
“Eighth, the Hell Sword which belongs to Glenn Hadley.
“Ninth, the Celestial Blade which belongs to Dustin Rhys.
“Tenth, the Storm Needles which belongs to Sam Dawson.”
Grace read the information available on the list aloud. The Divine Weapon List was quite complete as it included the names of the weapons as well as their respective owners.
“I don’t know if I should be happy or sad. I had no idea that I would own two of the ten weapons listed on the Divine Weapon List.”
Dustin shook his head when Grace finished reading the list. To be on the Divine Weapon List might be something to be proud of, but it also spelled danger for the bearer of the weapon.
As the old saying went, a man’s possession would be his own ruin by causing another’s greed. It wasn’t enough to just own the weapon, the owners must have the ability to keep the weapons as theirs. Otherwise, other skilled martial artists would come around and fight for the ownership of the divine weapons.
“You should just be happy to be the owner of two divine weapons.”
Grace smiled slightly.
“Do you know that there are many skilled martial artists without a suitable weapon? You? You have two divine weapons! You are the envy of everyone.”
“I don’t like trouble. With this Divine Weapon List published, I think that there will be many skilled martial artists who would challenge me for them. It’d be a hassle then.”
Dustin sighed.
“Don’t worry. They would have to know their weight before they challenge you. If not, they’d just be courting death. No one would be this stupid.”
Grace laughed a little.
“Why would you say that?”
Dustin cocked his brows slightly.
“We still have two lists to go through. You’ll find out, just keep listening.”
Grace continued reading the next list.
“Next, I’ll announce the Legendary List. Let me explain a little about this list. This list is arranged in accordance with the capability and strength of the Chosen Ones below 30 years old. Listen closely.”
“First on the Legendary List are Dustin Rhys and Glenn Hadley.”
“Hmm?”
Dustin was stunned.
“There are two people listed as the first?”
“That’s right.”
Grace nodded.
“According to the Zenith Society’s explanation, you and Glenn are both great grandmasters. Both of you are at a similar level in terms of capability. No one can decide who’s stronger before a real battle. As such, they have listed both of you as number one.”
“That makes sense.”
Dustin nodded. In all honesty, he wasn’t sure if he could defeat Glenn. The technique he used to instantly kill Nestor Wilkins was enough to show off his prowess.
“Let’s continue. Second on the list, Abigail Robinson.
“Third on the list, Taylor Quinton.
“Fourth, Scarlet Spanner.
“Fifth, Fenley Hudson.
“Sixth, Adam Spanner.
“Seventh, Anders Mosey.
“Eighth, Kendricks Lang.
“Ninth, Sam Dawson.
“Tenth, Jude Leith.”
Grace read the list without missing any details.
After listening to it, Dustin asked curiously, “I’ve heard of most people on the list but not Taylor Quinton. Who is he?”
“Taylor Quinton is kind of related to your mother.”
Grace explained, “Your mother and Taylor share the same last name because they are from the same family. But this person is more mysterious and is very well protected by the Quinton family. He recently became famous. We still don’t know what his specialty is.”
“He’s from the Quinton family…”
Dustin narrowed his eyes with a thoughtful look. He didn’t know much about his mother’s family. She didn’t talk much about them either. One thing was for sure, the Quinton family was no ordinary family.
###Chapter 1747 by Marina Vittori
“Regardless, for Taylor Quinton to be number three on the Legendary List, he must have his edge. You can get to know him if an opportunity presents itself. After all, you and him are family, “Grace said jokingly.
“I don’t even know if he’s a friend or foe. I never liked the Quinton family,” Dustin said calmly.
His mother was such a gentle and kind person. Yet, she was kicked out of her own family. She didn’t talk about it even after so many years.
From that alone, it was obvious that the Quinton family was no good Samaritan. As far as Dustin was concerned, he and Taylor Quinton had nothing to do with each other. However, it must be said that the Quinton family did have their own special way of nurturing talents.
“Oh, right. Your Highness, with your ability, shouldn’t you be on the Legendary List as well? Why isn’t your name listed?” Dustin suddenly asked.
“This is a list for the martial world. The royal family isn’t taken into consideration.”
Grace smiled.
“Actually, although the Zenith Society might have a huge intelligence department, they can’t guarantee the information they publish to be absolute and ultimate. All the lists are for reference only, and they are non- exhaustive. Dragonmarsh is a huge country with many talents. It’s possible that there are some remarkable talents hidden somewhere that we haven’t yet discovered.”
“That’s true as well.”
Dustin nodded. There would always be something or someone better. Who could guarantee that there wouldn’t be another chosen one that hadn’t been discovered?
“Now I’ll announce the last list, the Astonishing World List.”
Grace started explaining again, “This list includes only the best of the best in Dragonmarsh. Those on the list are big shots.
“First on the Astonishing World List is, as expected, Arion Foyer, the old grandmaster of the Sacred Wrym Summit. The second and third place on the list have been changed drastically. It used to be Alaric Drakon, the leader of Dragon Guard and Seth Hughes, the Sword Whisperer.
“Now, Cyrus Hadley, the leader of Sword Union is second on the list.
“Third on the list is the leader of Celestial Alliance, Alloy Marshall.
“Fourth, the leader of Mystic Arts Order, Penelope Solace.
“Fifth, the new leader of Dragon Guard, Reagan Judd.
“Sixth, the heir to Sacred Wrym Summit, Katy Foster.
“Seventh, the leader of Frostbane Citadel, Frost Bane. 2
“Eighth, the leader of Bounty League, Elder Shade.
“Ninth, the leader of Greendust, Randy Green.
“Tenth, Dustin Rhys and Cyrus Hadley.
Grace smiled and paused.
She said, “How’s that? You’re the tenth best fighter in Dragonmarsh. Do you still think that others will casually challenge you for your weapons?”
The Astonishing World List was more trustworthy than the Legendary List. Dustin and Cyrus currently ranked first on the Legendary List. They also made it to the Astonishing World List. It was a feat that no one had achieved before.
“If what you say is true, does that mean that the Astonishing World List has a deterrent effect as well?”
Dustin raised his brows slightly.
“Of course! You know, those listed in the Astonishing World List are basically grandmasters and really skilled fighters. Unless they are courting death, who would dare to challenge them?” Grace replied.
###Chapter 1748 by Marina Vittori
“That sounds about right.”
Dustin nodded.
“There’s been a huge change in the Astonishing World List. Alaric Drakon and Seth Hughes passed away one after another. Cesar Fent is still missing, and Nestor Wilkins was killed. We lost four of the ten best fighters from last year. It’s a huge loss. We’re lucky to have found new and strong fighters to replace them. It’s true that new talents will always replace old ones,” Grace said.
“Do you know anything about the new people who just made it to the list?” Dustin suddenly asked.
“The fifth one on the list, Reagan Judd. He is the new leader of Dragon Guard. My father told you about him before. He used to go by Reston Rever. He finally got what he wanted when Alaric Drakon died.”
“I know Reagan Judd. What I don’t understand is, he was never on the list before. How did he make it to the list after Alaric’s death and how did he make it to the top five?”
Dustin was slightly curious.
“How should I explain this? Reagan has never revealed much about himself. When Alaric was still alive, Reagan was overshadowed and no one paid much attention to him. After Alaric’s death, Reagan succeeded him as leader. He quickly took control of the remnants of Dragon Guard with an iron fist. When that happened, the Zenith Society finally realized that Reagan was no ordinary person and ranked him fifth. This was based on their conservative estimation. His true potential should be no weaker than the leaders of the three major sects,” Grace spoke in a serious tone.
“Really?”
Dustin frowned slightly. The gap between those listed on the Astonishing World List was huge. Seth Hughes still won despite taking on three of the fighters on the Astonishing World List alone. From this, the gap was obvious for all to see.
Besides, Dustin had fought against Nestor Wilkins. His and Nestor’s abilities were on par with each other. Dustin had to use the secret Rhys technique just so he could win by a little. Even Nestor who ranked tenth was very strong. He couldn’t imagine how terrifying Reagan would be, given that he ranked fifth. He wasn’t sure if he would survive the match if he really met Reagon, much less win the fight.
“He must be extraordinary to become the next-in-command of Dragon Guard.”
Grace said seriously, “Besides, there are many talents in Dragon Guard.
Although Seth might have defeated half of the force, those that remain still pose a real risk. Our trip to West Lucozia this time is very dangerous.”
“What? Are you scared? If you regret coming with me, we can still turn back. 11
Dustin flashed a smile.
“I will, of course, fulfill what I have promised you. Besides, you might not be able to go up against the remnants of Dragon Guard without my help,” Grace said.
“Your Highness, you’re absolutely right. When we arrive in West Lucozia, I’ll depend on you entirely.”
Dustin poked fun at her.
“Stop joking around. You’re the mastermind. You have to do your part, my job is to assist only,” Grace said in an exasperated manner.
“You’re the more able-bodied one among us. I’m a patient now, and I need to rest.”
Dustin pretended to be weak.
“Haha, look at you now! You’re so healthy that you could fight a bull. How are you a sickly patient?”
Grace rolled her eyes. She was amazed at the speed of Dustin’s recovery. His wound had already almost recovered in just one night. He should be able to make a full recovery in another two to three days. It was very rare to have such a healthy body.
“Your Highness, we still have a long way to go. Why don’t you rest for a while? I’ll wake you up when we arrive in West Lucozia.”
“Sure, I’ll nap for a while.”
Grace nodded. She sat beside Dustin and closed her eyes.
Time flew. Soon, it was noon. The plane slowly landed when it was near evening. They were finally in West Lucozia.
###Chapter 1749 by Marina Vittori
In the realm of West Lucozia, within Celestria, Dustin and Grace discreetly boarded a business car to avoid any attention after landing.
Their undercover agents and guards had arrived in West Lucozia the previous night after traveling separately by plane. This added an extra layer of secrecy and safety to their journey.
Grace observed the bustling scenery outside the window. She found the streets of West Lucozia quite intriguing. It was a different sight compared to the hustle and bustle of Oakvale.
She seldom ventured beyond Oakvale. She found the distinct regional landscapes and cultural customs to be a source of fascination and novelty.
“I didn’t expect West Lucozia to change so much. When I visited here as a child, most of the buildings were low. Now, in just over a decade, it’s as prosperous as Oakvale,” Grace remarked, marveling at the view.
“Yeah, the changes in West Lucozia are significant. Even I find it hard to recognize the roads now,” Dustin replied with a complex expression.
Upon returning to his homeland a decade later, he found that everything had changed. Even if he returned to the castle now, he wouldn’t be able to recognize the people in it.
“I have to say, your father is truly remarkable.”
Grace sighed, reminiscing about the tales.
She added, “I’ve heard from my father that West Lucozia was a barren land over 20 years ago. Plagued by constant warfare, the people here were suffering back then. It was a vast, empty space, with famine and hardship everywhere. Then Rufus, the Prince of West Lucozia, appeared, and everything changed.”
She went on, “Rufus was born into the prestigious families of Oakvale and displayed extraordinary military talent from a young age. Upon joining the military, he achieved remarkable feats. He remained undefeated in countless battles. He was often hailed as unparalleled and earned titles and honors at a young age. He was destined to be a prominent figure once he returned to Oakvale.”
She continued, “However, no one could have predicted the shocking decision made by this almost godlike man. He chose to settle in the wild and chaotic West Lucozia, guarding the border.
During that period, West Lucozia suffered as a wild and desolate region. It grappled with militant leaders, internal conflicts, and recurring invasions by hostile savages. No one among the civil and military officials in the court was willing to tackle this chaotic situation. Yet, Rufus chose to do so.”
Grace recalled, “Settling in West Lucozia with only 300 guards, within a short span of three years, he subjugated all the militant leaders’ forces across the 18 cities in West Lucozia. When the news reached Oakvale, it caused a sensation. No one knew how Rufus accomplished such a seemingly impossible task. From that point on, he began recruiting soldiers and forming his first army, the Black Dragon Army.”
She went on, “Initially underestimated, the Black Dragon Army shocked everyone in their first battle against the western savages. With just eight thousand West Lucozian cavalry, Rufus routed a staggering two hundred thousand savages’ army. This marked a spectacular beginning.”
She added, “Over the next decade, the western savages attempted multiple invasions. They engaged in numerous battles against the Black Dragon Army. The most iconic battle was when Rufus led a hundred thousand cavalry, chasing down five hundred thousand of the savages’ army, crossing borders, and conquering 15 cities before reaching the gates of the savages’ chieftain palace.”
Grace gushed, “Their chieftain was terrified. He fled for his life and sought peace with Dragonmarsh. If not for the interference of the Dragon Guard, who issued nine decrees to urgently recall Rufus to Oakvale, the savage nation would have likely perished.”
She recounted, “After that battle, the savages were thoroughly defeated. For over a decade, they dared not invade us. The people of West Lucozia were able to recover and rebuild their homes, thanks to Rufus’ strategic brilliance.”
“The once barren West Lucozia has now become a prosperous land, rivaling the prosperity of Oakvale. This was an unprecedented and magnificent achievement, unmatched by anyone before or since. I must say, your father, Rufus, is truly a great man. He deserves the title of Prince of West Lucozia,” Grace concluded with a tone of admiration.
A hero of Rufus’ caliber was truly a rarity that occurred once in a millennium.
“I’m surprised you’re so well-informed.
Dustin sighed, taking a deep breath.
He went on, “To be honest, he never mentioned these matters to me. I’m aware of his status and influence, but his life details remain a mystery to me. Whenever I’m around, he maintains a lighthearted and unserious demeanor, completely lacking in any form of seriousness or authority.”
“He’s not only a good leader, but also a good father. The past is over. I hope you will cherish the time ahead,” Grace advised with heartfelt sincerity.
The stability and prosperity of Dragonmarsh owe much to Rufus’ contributions. She sincerely hoped that this legendary prince could find happiness and enjoy a fulfilling, peaceful life until the end of his days.
“The future? Is there still a chance to cherish the time ahead?” Dustin muttered to himself, a sense of melancholy overshadowing him.
Rufus, having dedicated his life to the country and its people, now faced the approaching end. As his son, what could Dustin do in the face of life and death?
Suddenly, he realized that the past misunderstandings were trivial. Reflecting on his actions, he acknowledged how willful and heedless he had been.
“Dustin, where are we going next?” Grace suddenly asked.
“Rhys Memorial Park,” Dustin replied, turning to look out the window.
“It’s been ten years. I need to pay my respects to my mother.”
She nodded and refrained from saying anything.
The Princess Consort of West Lucozia was a rare female heroine. Her story with the Prince of West Lucozia was a well-known and cherished tale. However, fate had been unkind. Her life had been cut short by the schemes of Dragon Guard. If not for their conspiracy, she would likely still be alive today.
###Chapter 1750 by Marina Vittori
Nestled within an expansive 800 acre Rhys Memorial Park, or the Ancient House Memorial Park, was a scenic panorama. Wide pathways wandered beneath the cool shade of abundant trees, and the amenities were extensive.
Across the changing of seasons, the park transformed with an array of flowers, plants, and trees.
Spring painted a lively spectacle with blooming cherry blossoms, while summer invited a refreshing ambiance with flourishing greenery. In autumn, a mesmerizing array of cascading maple leaves took center stage, and winter cloaked the landscape in a pristine blanket of white snow.
Rhys Memorial Park opened its gates to the public. It provided a final resting place not just for the Rhys family, but also as a tribute to the soldiers who were instrumental in the monarchy’s prosperity.
Annually, on Memorial Day and All Saint’s Day, the memorial park transformed into a lively center. It attracted visitors who came to honor departed loved ones or express gratitude to fallen heroes.
This practice carried profound meaning for the West Lucozian monarchy. It recognized that the current peace and prosperity were indebted to the sacrifices of these heroes.1
An hour later, Dustin and Grace reached the main entrance of Rhys Memorial Park. They took precautions to conceal their identities through simple disguises.
Grace, wearing a textile human-skin mask, adopted a more ordinary appearance to avoid attracting attention. Despite the attempt to blend in, she exuded an extraordinary charm. It captured the attention of many as they strolled through the memorial park.
Guided by memory, Dustin made his way toward the inner depths of the park. If he remembered correctly, his mother’s grave should be situated in the most secluded section. After approximately 15 minutes of walking, Dustin finally found the tomb of the Princess Consort of West Lucozia.
Her tomb stood out with its grandeur compared to the others. A stone wall enclosed the tomb, with an arched stone gate at its center. In front of the gate stood a stone statue of the Princess Consort of West Lucozia. It was intricately carved and adorned with fresh flowers-a clear sign of regular visitation and worship.
Alba held immense prestige in the West Lucozian monarchy, second only to Rufus. During the period when Rufus dedicated himself to military endeavors, defending against external threats and suppressing bandits, she efficiently managed all internal affairs of the West Lucozian monarchy.
Whether it was economic development, improvement of living conditions, or maintenance of social order, Alba organized everything meticulously. In challenging times, she worked alongside the common people, sharing labor and meals. It was devoid of the airs of royalty.
Her efforts laid a solid foundation for the legendary life of Rufus, the invincible myth of the Black Dragon Army, and the current prosperity of the West Lucozian monarchy. Alba and Rufus collaborated to shape this world.
Even after a decade, people continued to visit her tomb every day, expressing gratitude. Dustin felt his eyes moisten as he stood before the statue. The familiar visage and warm smile of his mother seemed as though it was frozen in time.
Dustin didn’t typically dwell on such thoughts, but in the current moment, a sense of warmth and nostalgia rushed over him as he observed the surroundings.
“Mom, I’m sorry. Your son has been absent for far too long.”
Dustin approached the stone statue, sinking to his knees with a resounding thud. His eyes were slightly reddened, and his lips trembled.
He went on, “It’s hard to believe that ten years have passed in the blink of an eye. I’ve been a bad son. I regret not visiting you for such a long time.”
He added, “I made a vow, swearing to find the culprit and avenge you. Until then, I couldn’t face you. It’s been ten years, and now the mastermind is defeated. The accomplices from that time are either dead or incapacitated,
with only a few remnants left.”
Dustin promised, “I promise you, Mom, I will eliminate those who harmed you. I’ll make those beasts pay the price in blood!”
###Chapter 1751 by Marina Vittori
Dustin quietly reflected on memories of his mother as he bowed his head. With the identification of the instigator, Alaric, and the dissolution of Dragon Guard, only Reagan and Cinna remained. Once this remaining threat was eliminated, he would have avenged his mother.
“Mom… I really miss you!” Dustin whispered, gazing at the stone statue before him.
In his recollections, Rufus was always engrossed in state affairs, seldom returning home. It was Alba who worked tirelessly to raise him.
During his rebellious childhood, Dustin often perceived his mother as being too strict. He occasionally earned a few cane lashes for minor missteps. Now mature, he understood his mother’s well-intentioned discipline.
As the Crown Prince of West Lucozia, born with a silver spoon, he could have easily devolved into a pampered playboy without his mother’s guidance. She had nurtured him in martial arts, military strategy, medicine, and even some divine esoteric techniques. She not only gave him life, but also paved the way for his future.
Dustin sighed.
Grace let out a soft sigh as she watched the grief-stricken Dustin. She wisely chose to give him space. She understood that a mother and son needed time to converse after being reunited after many years.
An hour later, Dustin finished pouring his heart out. After taking three deep bows before his mother’s statue, he finally stood up. The sky had darkened, and only a few scattered figures roamed the vast cemetery. They were occasionally accompanied by mournful cries.
“Sorry for keeping you waiting,” he said, regaining composure as he walked over to Grace.
“No worries.”
She shook her head slightly.
“I’ve always admired your mother. Seeing her statue here is an honor for me.”
“It’s getting dark. Let’s find a place to stay.”
Dustin changed the subject.
“I’ve arranged that already with an old mansion to the west of the city. Our cover is that of siblings returning to their hometown. As long as we don’t draw too much attention, no one should suspect us,” Grace informed.
“Sounds good.”
He nodded.
Dustin was impressed by Grace’s efficiency. He admired her thorough consideration of every detail. As the two were preparing to leave the park, a mournful wail suddenly reached their ears.
“Dad! Why did you have to leave us so soon? If you hadn’t fallen on the battlefield and lost your life, our family wouldn’t have endured such disgrace after your death.”
“Dad! Those bullies not only crippled my leg, but also killed Mom and disgraced my sister. If you’re watching from above, punish those bastards!”
The cries were loud. They were filled with despair and resentment. Dustin and Grace exchanged glances, then approached the source.
In front of a general’s grave, a young man in his 20s kneeled, crying bitterly. He was covered in wounds. His left leg was already broken and wrapped in thick bandages, and he looked severely battered.
Dustin’s gaze lifted. As he looked at the tombstone in front of the young man, his eyes involuntarily narrowed.
###Chapter 1752 by Marina Vittori
Dustin raised an eyebrow as he took in the information on the tombstone. He was surprised that the name etched on it belonged to Leo Ashen, the former Vice General of the renowned Black Dragon Army’s vanguard.
The vanguard army was composed of elite soldiers that were chosen with meticulous care. Attaining the rank of vice commander required an exceptional level of prowess.
In Dustin’s recollection, Leo was renowned for his inherent strength and ferocity on the battlefield. He had a distinguished career, and had made significant contributions to Rufus’ efforts to stabilize West Lucozia.
Leo’s sacrifice resulted in a posthumous promotion, securing the position of vanguard army General-in- Chief. The grandeur of his funeral underscored his importance.
Leo’s descendants had enjoyed privileges and benefits. Hence, it was perplexing to witness the family in such dire straits. This raised the question of what had transpired.
Dustin was intrigued. He approached slowly, eager to unravel more about the situation.
“Who’s there?”
Sensing movement, the young man at the grave turned with a wary expression.
Dustin was quick to diffuse the tension, He assured the man, “Don’t be nervous. We’re here to pay respects to our loved ones like you.”
“Pay respects?”
The young man relaxed slightly but maintained a cautious demeanor.
Dustin explained, “We heard some commotion and came to check.”
“Apologies for the emotional outburst earlier. I appreciate your understanding,” the young man said, extending an apology.
“No problem at all. Emotions can be overwhelming.”
Dustin nodded.
The discussion then turned toward the tombstone.
Dustin feigned surprise.
“Wow! Isn’t this the renowned General Leo Ashen’s grave? Are you, by any chance, his descendant?” 1
“I’m Lucas Ashen, and my father is Leo Ashen. Do you happen to know him?” the young man asked cautiously.
Expressing genuine admiration, Dustin acknowledged, “General Leo’s accomplishments are widely recognized. His reputation is known far and wide. Who in West Lucozia doesn’t know of him? Among the generals, he’s the one I admire the most.”
While the sentiment might sound somewhat complimentary, it held complete truth. The generals of West Lucozia sacrificed generously for the nation, and Dustin genuinely admired that.
“My father did have a glorious past, but it’s unfortunate that he left us too soon.
Lucas sighed deeply.
“Mr. Ashen, as a descendant of General Leo, you should have rightfully enjoyed the glory associated with him. Why has it turned out this way?” Dustin inquired.
“It’s those heartless bullies!”
Lucas began to curse, then seemed to hesitate as he recalled something. He chose not to elaborate.
“Mr. Ashen, I have immense respect for General Leo’s character. If you ever face any challenges, don’t hesitate to inform me. I have considerable connections in West Lucozia and should be able to offer assistance,” Dustin said.
“It’s useless. Those bullies have both power and influence. Their backing is formidable. You can’t beat them. Just forget about it,” Lucas said bitterly as he shook his head.
###Chapter 1753 by Marina Vittori
“Even if I can’t handle it, isn’t the Prince of West Lucozia there for such matters? Their influence can’t possibly overshadow the West Lucozian monarchy, can it?” Dustin asked.
Lucas wore a mournful expression.
“It’s not as straightforward as you might think. Those bullies have deep ties with high-ranking officials and the West Lucozian monarchy. It’s not just socially but their interests also intertwine. No one is brave enough to touch them.”
Dustin frowned.
“Shouldn’t the prince take action against such individuals?”
Considering Rufus’ character, it was highly unlikely that he would tolerate such incidents.
Lucas shook his head.
“The prince is overwhelmed with his duties, and these corrupt officials cover up such ugly deeds. The prince is unlikely to be aware, let alone have the chance to seek justice for us.”
“I never imagined West Lucozia would deteriorate to this extent,” Dustin remarked, his expression darkening.
As the Crown Prince of West Lucozia, Dustin found himself deeply angered as he witnessed the descendants of once- respected heroes being subjected to oppression. Their pleas even fell on deaf ears.
Even someone like Lucas, a general’s son, had not been spared from such hardship. This grim reality hinted at the broader suffering endured by ordinary people.
“Present-day West Lucozia isn’t the same as before.”
Lucas sighed.
He went on, “The prince is aging, and many matters slip beyond his direct control. Corrupt officials exploit this, and what seems prosperous on the surface conceals internal corruption. Incidents like these are becoming all too common.”
Dustin adopted a serious expression.
“Mr. Ashen, I can’t turn a blind eye when faced with such injustice. If you’re in trouble, speak up. I’ll ensure justice is served for you.” 1
Lucas paused, reflecting on his next words. While he could feel the determination radiating from the young person across from him, the apprehension of burdening them lingered heavily in his thoughts.
“Mr. Ashen, no need to worry. My friend wields considerable influence in West Lucozia. If you speak up, we can certainly help. But if you remain silent, we can’t assist. This is your only opportunity,” Grace reassured him.
Lucas nodded after some contemplation. With no other options, he felt compelled to take this chance. He hoped for some divine intervention in this memorial park encounter.
“Alright, I’ll talk.”
Lucas inhaled deeply before recounting the torment.
He continued, “Our trouble stems from Russo Vern, a profligate with strong ties to the influential Vern family. He’s backed by a group of privileged individuals, collectively forming the Hero Alliance. Their influence is unparalleled in the city, creating a reign of terror where no one dares to oppose them.”
He added, “Some time back, Russo fixated on my sister. He relentlessly pursued her for her hand in marriage. Faced with her resistance, he resorted to coercion and enticing tactics. Three days ago, my anger got the best of me as I witnessed Russo harassing my sister once more. I landed a punch.”
Lucas recounted, “That same night, he orchestrated an arson attack on our home. The flames claimed my mother’s life, and I endured a brutal beating. Worse, my sister was abducted and subjected to unspeakable humiliation. Her fate remains unknown. Russo even threatened that if I reported him and took legal action, my entire family would meet a grim end.”
“These people have abandoned all moral compasses!” he concluded, his eyes ablaze with fury and bitterness.
He detested Russo and his gang of oppressors. His sense of powerlessness intensified the pain of failing to shield his loved ones.
Grace, her countenance now icy with anger, remarked, “Committing murder, arson, and kidnapping innocent women-these villains know no bounds.”
Dustin’s expression turned notably grim as well. He approached Lucas with a determined demeanor. He then offered a helping hand to assist Lucas to his feet.
“Mr. Ashen, you can trust me. I’ll take care of this situation. I’ll ensure that these perpetrators face the consequences they’ve earned.”
###Chapter 1754 by Marina Vittori
Dustin’s pledge stirred a deep sense of gratitude within Lucas.
Lucas said, “If you can genuinely assist in rescuing my sister and seeking retribution for my mother, I will forever be in your debt. I’m more than willing to repay your kindness in any way possible.”
He felt overwhelmed and instinctively inclined to bow.
Interrupting the gesture, Dustin earnestly declared, “Mr. Ashen, there’s no need for such formality. When faced with injustice, it becomes our duty to step in. No resident of West Lucozia would stand idly by in the face of such wrongdoing.”
“Mr. Ashen, this isn’t the place for discussion. There’s a coffeehouse outside the memorial park. Let’s head there to strategize,” Grace suggested.
“Alright.”
Lucas nodded.
Lucas used a cane for support as he left the memorial park with Dustin and Grace. They arrived at a coffeehouse named Aroma Haven Cafe.
The coffeehouse had two bustling floors. The first was a hub of activity- coffee, entertainment, and music. It created a lively atmosphere. The second floor was quieter and offered more privacy.
Dustin opted for a private room, and the trio settled in. He ordered coffee and some exquisite pastries.
“Mr. Ashen, to understand the situation better, I need to ask you a few questions,” Dustin said, extending a cup of coffee to Lucas.
Parched from the emotional recounting, Lucas eagerly drank it.
He responded, “Feel free to ask. I’ll tell you everything.”
“Good. Do you know where Russo is currently?” Dustin inquired.
“Russo’s unpredictable. He’s often found in places like nightclubs, bars, and KTV joints,” Lucas shared.
Then, he recalled, “Oh, I remember. Russo owns a bar called Russo Lounge. He hangs out there, socializing and engaging in shady deals.”
“Russo Lounge?”
Dustin nodded.
“And how is your sister doing now? Do you have any information about her?”
At the mention of his sister, Lucas tightened his grip on the cup, revealing a mix of sorrow and anger.
“Since they abducted my sister, her whereabouts remain unknown. I’ve tried asking friends, but once they hear Russo’s name, they become too scared to be involved with me.”
“It seems that Russo indeed has quite a reputation. Mr. Ashen, stay calm. I’ll do my best to rescue your sister,” Dustin assured.
Dustin turned to Grace.
“Pri-Grace, dispatch someone to Russo Lounge. Let’s check if Russo is hanging around there.”
“No problem.”
Grace nodded and rose from her seat. She exited the room to coordinate with the undercover agents.
“Mr. Rhys, considering Russo’s influence, are you sure about this?” Lucas cautiously asked.
“Mr. Ashen, don’t worry. Regardless of Russo’s influence, justice will prevail. Once we rescue your sister, I’ll report this to the Prince of West Lucozia. He will ensure justice is served,” Dustin replied earnestly.
“That would be fantastic,” Lucas said with a glimmer of hope in his eyes.
Lucas felt that the person before him displayed remarkable confidence. He was brimming with assurance. He thought that even without directly opposing Russo, there was surely hope for the Ashen family with the influence of Celestria. Just conveying their plight to the Prince might be their salvation.
Grace interrupted, entering the room.
“We’ve found him. According to our sources, Russo is indeed at Russo Lounge.”
“Good. Let’s go there now.”
Dustin stood up, ready to leave.
“I’m coming with you,” Lucas said, trying to keep up despite his limited mobility.
“Mr. Ashen, since you’re not in the best condition, rest here. We’ll inform you immediately once we have any updates, “Dustin suggested.
“But…” Lucas hesitated.
“Mr. Ashen, don’t worry. I’ll keep my promise to you,” Dustin reassured, patting Lucas on the shoulder.
###Chapter 1755 by Marina Vittori
“Alright.”
Lucas nodded, acknowledging the reality of his ailing leg. Joining the action in his current condition would be more of a hindrance than help. He’d end up a liability.
“By the way, Mr. Ashen, do you have a photo of your sister? Let us take a look to avoid any confusion,” Dustin said.
“Sure, here it is!”
Lucas swiftly retrieved his phone and presented a photo of him and his sister.
Dustin nodded. Unquestionably, Lucas’s sister possessed beauty-fair skin, a charming visage, and a radiant smile that exuded vibrancy and cheerfulness. Perhaps it was her striking beauty that drew the unwanted attention of bullies like Russo and his gang.
“Mr. Rhys! Be cautious of Russo’s subordinates. They are formidable!” Lucas earnestly warned.
As the son of a general, Lucas had received martial training from a young age, boasting significant strength. Handling ordinary individuals, even 100 at once, was a manageable feat.
However, when faced with Russo’s subordinates, he couldn’t endure beyond three moves. The gap in prowess was simply too significant.
“Rest assured. I know my limits. Wait here for our updates,” Dustin assured with a confident smile.
He briskly departed with Grace.
In the car, Grace suddenly suggested, ” Logan, it’s best to inform your father and let him handle it if we want to quickly resolve this matter.”
“We can’t involve Rufus for now.”
Dustin shook his head.
He went on, “If Rufus steps in, it might prematurely alert Russo. The Vern family is a prominent force in West Lucozia. They are connected to various factions. Even within the castle, many are in cahoots with the Vern family.”
He added, “If I inform Rufus to settle this before he sets out, Russo and his group might receive word and slip away. In that case, dealing with this matter will become even more troublesome. We should take this matter into our own hands.”
Grace nodded in agreement.
She said, “That makes sense. If they’re protected at high levels, capturing Russo could be challenging. If we take direct action first, catching Russo and then unraveling the rest of the criminal network becomes feasible.”
“Also, the remnants of Dragon Guard are lurking in the shadows. Until we investigate their whereabouts, I can’t meet Rufus too soon. Revealing our plans too early could have dire consequences,” Dustin added with a serious expression on his face.
There undoubtedly were spies of Dragon Guard within the castle. They could possibly even be Rufus’ close aides. In such a perilous situation, he couldn’t act rashly or he might expose his identity.
“Your thinking is meticulous. So, what’s your plan?” Grace inquired curiously.
“What’s the plan?”
Dustin turned to look at Grace.
He calmly stated, “Do I need to explain? Meet and beat. A good beating solves everything.”
“Huh?”
Grace was slightly taken aback.
“That’s your plan?”
“What else?” Dustin said earnestly.
Grace’s mouth twitched. She was momentarily rendered speechless. She wondered if a plan with no strategy, but just a straightforward confrontation was too reckless.
###Chapter 1756 by Marina Vittori
Half an hour later, an SUV pulled up outside Russo Lounge. Dustin and Grace, adeptly disguised, emerged confidently. They were indifferent to the risk of their covers being blown.
Russo Lounge, boasting a substantial size, had a line forming outside.
Fortunately, Dustin and Grace navigated smoothly with the assistance of the undercover agents. They gained entrance without a hitch.
Inside, the ambiance was raucous. It was illuminated by dazzling lights. A crowd of people danced enthusiastically to the music, unleashing their fervor. Dustin’s expression soured. He wasn’t one to relish in such a raucous setting.
“Why? Is the bar scene not your usual haunt?”
Grace teased.
“I can only say that this place isn’t my preference,” Dustin replied.
He’d prefer the serenity of home with a good book over the ordeal of such a locale.
“You should give it a shot sometime. Look at how joyously they dance,” she suggested with a smile.
“The vibrant nightlife is but a fleeting spectacle. If everyone indulges in it, the nation won’t prosper,” he remarked casually.
“You’re quite the killjoy. The people in West Lucozia are presently enjoying peace and prosperity. Isn’t that a positive development?” Grace countered.
“Peace and prosperity are indeed commendable, but we mustn’t forget where we come from. The current success of West Lucozia is thanks to the sacrifices of our ancestors.”
“If even descendants of heroes like Lucas are being mistreated without any justice, we need to address the underlying issues. After achieving success, too many challenges emerge,” Dustin asserted with a serious demeanor.
Amidst their conversation, the undercover agent beside them discreetly pointed to a spot on the second floor.
“Look, that’s Russo!”
Dustin followed the indication. He spotted a flamboyantly styled young man with earrings seated in a booth on the second floor.
Russo sported a slicked-back hairstyle and an earring. He was joyfully indulging in drinks with a vibrant group of friends. Two attractive women accompanied each person. Amidst the revelry, there were playful interactions.
It added to the lively and enjoyable atmosphere.
“You stay at the entrance. If anything unusual happens, inform us immediately,” Dustin instructed the undercover agent.
With that, Dustin led Grace toward the second floor. However, they were intercepted at the staircase by two muscular bodyguards.
“Upstairs is a private area. Outsiders aren’t allowed,” one of the bodyguards declared.
“I’m here to see Russo. There’s something we need to discuss,” Dustin calmly stated.
“You know Mr. Vern?”
The bodyguard scrutinized him suspiciously.
“What’s it to you?”
Dustin coldly scanned them. His haughty demeanor managed to unnerve the two bodyguards. After all, those who associated with Russo were either affluent heirs or influential personalities.
The fact that Dustin casually addressed Russo by name hinted at his non- ordinary status.
“Wait a moment. I’ll inform Mr. Vern.”
One of the bodyguards ascended and relayed a message to Russo before gesturing toward Dustin. Russo glanced at Dustin. His gaze lingered on Grace’s alluring figure.
Despite the disguise, Grace, who topped the Beauty Ranking list, still possessed significant magnetism for men.
“Let them come up.”
Russo nodded.
Numerous individuals came to pay their respects to him each day. From Russo’s perspective, Dustin and Grace appeared to be seeking favor. While he typically had no interest in such encounters, the woman, in particular, had a certain uniqueness. She radiated an enticing charm.
“Mr. Vern invites you both to come upstairs.”
The bodyguard returned, extending an invitation gesture.
###Chapter 1757 by Marina Vittori
Dustin wordlessly ascended the stairs. Then, he sat across from Russo with his legs casually crossed. Russo’s irritation flared at this unabashed display.
“Hey! Kid! Who do you think you are? Did I invite you to sit?”
He glared at Dustin, visibly annoyed.
“Are you Russo?” Dustin inquired straightforwardly, pouring himself a drink.
“Outrageous!”
“Bold!”
“How dare you address Mr. Vern directly? Are you out of your mind?”
The entourage erupted in protest before Russo could respond. There were the sons of officials. They formed their own Hero Alliance. They often acted recklessly with a reputation that discouraged any challenges.
“I’m asking you, are you Russo?”
Dustin was unfazed. He took a sip and repeated the question.
“You little 11
Anticipating a reaction, Russo raised his hand to halt his companion.
He then sneered, “Kid, do you know who you’re talking to? Calling me by my name-do you have a death wish?”
“It seems that you are Russo.”
Dustin nodded, placing his glass down.
He continued, “I’m asking you, where’s Lisa Ashen?”
“What’s with Lisa Ashen? I’ve never heard of her.”
Russo lounged against the couch with his arms outstretched, wearing a superior smirk.
“Kid, the way you talk suggests that you’re not here for a casual drink. But rather, itching for a confrontation.”
Russo’s bodyguards subtly reached for their holsters as he spoke. Their handguns were faintly visible.
“Lisa Ashen, Lucas’ sister and General Leo’s daughter,” Dustin stated coldly.
“Some time ago, you coveted Lisa’s beauty. Failing to win her over, you kidnapped her. You not only burned down the Ashen residence, but also caused the death of Mrs. Ashen. Do you remember any of this?”
“Oh… so that woman is called Lisa Ashen. It rings a bell.”
Russo smirked.
“You’re right. I did burn down the Ashen residence. I kidnapped Lisa, but so what? Are you here to defend the Ashen family?”
“I’ll give you a chance. Release Lisa immediately, and I might spare your life,” Dustin said coldly.
“Spare my life?”
Russo burst into laughter.
“Did you all hear that? This kid wants to spare my life. I’m so scared!”
The surrounding people joined in laughter, viewing Dustin as a fool. Russo was born into a great family and was a member of the Hero Alliance. He had an immense influence. This audacious kid seemed oblivious to the gravity of the situation.
“Kid, it seems that you have a connection with Lisa. Is she your girlfriend?”
Russo grinned and taunted, “Speaking of her, she has a unique fragrance, like a spirited horse. When we had our turn, everyone took a shot. I don’t know if she survived. If she did, I might show mercy and let you have a turn too. Haha…”
At this point, Russo continued to laugh. He dismissed Dustin entirely.
“You’re asking for it!”
Dustin finally snapped. He grabbed Russo’s hair and forcefully slammed his head onto the table.
###Chapter 1758 by Marina Vittori
The room echoed with a thunderous crash as Dustin forcefully drove Russo’s head beneath the shattered remnants of the glass table. Blood adorned Russo’s face, and his cries of pain reverberated through the room.
A wave of surprise seized everyone. They were taken aback by the audacious assault on Russo. They tried to process the events. They wondered if Dustin possessed a death wish by taking on Russo.
Russo, a scion of the great family with immense influence, commanded utmost respect. Even a slight disrespect risked catastrophic consequences. They thought that this kid was undoubtedly audacious.
“I’ll ask again, where is Lisa?” Dustin demanded.
His grip on Russo was unwavering. An ominous air enveloped him. Russo’s face was adorned with glass shards. He winced in pain, rendering his ordinary features even more grotesque.
“Damn it! How dare you touch me? Do you know who I am? Do you know who my dad is?” he bellowed.
His voice was strained and furious.
“Bastard! I warn you. Let go, or I’ll kill your whole family!”
“Kill my family?”
Dustin snorted and delivered a stinging slap to Russo’s face.
The impact rattled Russo, embedding glass fragments into his flesh and intensifying the flow of blood. The excruciating pain prompted Russo to scream involuntarily.
“What are you all waiting for? Slaughter this kid for me!” Russo shouted at his bodyguards.
“You dare lay a hand on Mr. Vern? You’re asking for death!”
The bodyguards were now alert. They swiftly drew their guns and aimed at Dustin. Dustin grabbed Russo’s hair and lifted him as a shield from the barrels pointed at him.
“Don’t-don’t shoot! Be careful. He’s holding me hostage!”
Russo quivered in fear at the sight of the black muzzles. He screamed to avoid being mistakenly shot. The bodyguards exchanged glances. Ultimately, they abandoned their firearms for batons and advanced aggressively.
Although they were trained elites, the bodyguards’ attacks seemed like child’s play to Dustin. With a casual wave of his hand, a series of resounding slaps echoed. The bodyguards crumpled to the ground, blood streaming from their noses and mouths.
“Damn!”
The crowd was shocked by Dustin’s unexpected prowess. Who would have thought he could effortlessly deal with Russo’s close protectors? They thought that Dustin was an elite.
“You! Who the hell are you?” Russo shouted, his voice filled with rage.
“I’m the nemesis you folks have been waiting for. Now, surrender Lisa immediately, or I’ll make you wish you were dead,” Dustin declared coldly.
“You dare!” Russo snarled menacingly.
He added, “Listen up, you bastard! My father is a high-ranking general, commanding thousands of troops in Celestria. He’s in a crucial position, trusted by the Prince of West Lucozia. If you mess with me, my father will annihilate you and your entire lineage!”
“Is that so? I’d love to see how formidable your dad really is.”
Dustin snorted. He gripped Russo’s elbow and snapped it with a crisp crack.
The bone broke through the skin, horrifying the crowds. After a moment of stunned silence, Russo screamed in pain.
A noble scion shouted angrily, “You’ve really done it now! You won’t find refuge anywhere in Celestria!”
###Chapter 1759 by Marina Vittori
A crash echoed through the air. In a swift motion, Dustin’s hand propelled the noble scion several feet away. He crashed heavily into the wall with an uncertain fate. The remaining nobles wore expressions of shock but refrained from expressing their anger.
Dustin’s martial prowess was apparent. They had no choice but to bide their time and suppress their indignation when faced with such a formidable opponent. Some astute individuals had already discreetly summoned reinforcements, anticipating Dustin’s imminent demise.
“You wretch! How dare you break my hand? You’re dead! Your whole family is dead!” Russo’s face contorted as he roared furiously.
“I won’t just break your hand. I’m going to break your leg too.”
Dustin showed no mercy. He raised his foot and stomped forcefully on Russo’s knee.
A resounding snap followed. Russo’s knee bent in an unnatural direction. He let out a louder scream and writhed on the ground in pain.
“Where’s Lisa? Hand her over,” Dustin demanded, gripping Russo’s hair and lifting his upper body.
“I’ll give you three seconds to consider. If you refuse, I’ll castrate you right here.
“You-you dare!” Russo gritted his teeth with a menacing tone. Dustin chuckled and reached for a fruit knife with a swift motion. He pointed it at Russo’s groin.
“No, no, no! I’ll talk! I’ll spill everything,” Russo exclaimed in fear. He finally relented and pleaded for mercy.
He went on, “Come on, man, she’s just a woman. Why go through all this trouble? If you’re into her, I’ll just give her to you.”
“Where is she?”
Dustin, uninterested in Russo’s rambling, pressed the fruit knife against Russo’s manhood.
“I-I don’t know where Lisa is.”
Russo shook his head. He quickly changed his tune as he felt the cold blade.
“Although I don’t know where she is, one of my gang members surely does. I’ll call him right now and have him bring her over!”
“Call now!” Dustin said coldly.
“Alright, alright, I’ll call…”
Russo didn’t hesitate. He took out his phone and dialed the number.
“Hey! Is that girl named Lisa still alive? Yes, her. Bring her to me immediately, and make sure she’s safe. Remember, she must be safe!”
The last four words were emphasized, clearly carrying a veiled threat.
Dustin was well aware of these manipulations, but he paid them no mind. Whether it was Russo, the Hero Alliance, the Vern family, or their backers, anyone involved in this matter would be eliminated.
Ten minutes later, the lively music in the bar came to an abrupt halt. The lights suddenly brightened, and a team of enforcers in suits efficiently started clearing the space. Within minutes, all the bar’s customers were escorted outside. The previously vibrant atmosphere was hushed.
“Who dares to be so audacious, causing trouble on the Vern family turf?”
With a furious shout, a bald man in a flowery suit strode in, accompanied by dozens of followers. The bald man was burly and possessed a fierce demeanor. A flower tattoo adorned his head, giving him a unique look.
“Great! Rowan Archer is here! Mr. Vern might have a chance now!”
“I heard Rowan used to be a captain in the Black Dragon Army, but he was dismissed for violating regulations. Now, he’s a top enforcer for the Vern family. He’s fierce and formidable!”
“Of course! A captain from the Black Dragon Army isn’t ordinary. The number of people who’ve died at Rowan’s hands over the years, if not a thousand, must be close!”
“This is going to be interesting!”
Rowan’s presence sparked discussions among the nobles present. The initial tension and panic dissipated. It was replaced by mockery and amusement. In their eyes, Dustin was already a dead man. As for the manner of his death, it all depended on Rowan’s preferences.
###Chapter 1760 by Marina Vittori
“Rowan! Quick, save me!” Russo yelled as reinforcements arrived.
“Huh?”
Rowan squinted, visibly surprised.
“Mr. Vern? How did you get into this mess?”
“Damn it! It’s all this guy’s doing!”
Russo pointed at Dustin with resentment.
“This audacious punk dared to break my limbs. Today, you must help me seek revenge!”
“Rest assured, Mr. Vern. Anyone who harms you won’t leave this place today, “Rowan said solemnly.
“You wretch! The Vern family’s reinforcements are here. Even if you have supernatural abilities, you won’t escape death today!”
Russo grinned menacingly.
“Of course, I can give you a chance if you don’t want to die. Just kneel. Bow to me, and maybe I’ll spare your life.”
Dustin’s actions had sealed his fate. However, before killing him, Russo intended to humiliate his opponent to vent his pent-up anger.
“Where’s the girl?” Dustin asked coldly. He ignored Russo and looked at Rowan.
“The girl?”
Rowan suddenly laughed.
“Kid, you’re struggling with your own survival. Yet, you’re concerned about others?”
“If you don’t hand her over, not only Russo but also the Vern family, including all of you, will face destruction!”
Dustin’s eyes were icy.
“Hmph! Such arrogance! Do you have the capability to destroy the Vern family?”
Rowan sneered repeatedly.
“You’ll find out soon enough,” Dustin replied.
“You arrogant brat! I think you won’t shed tears until you see your coffin! Men, kill him!”
Rowan raised his hand, issuing a direct kill order.
“Kill!”
Following Rowan’s command, dozens of Vern family guards drew their swords. They advanced to surround Dustin.
Then, a shocking scene unfolded. Dustin extended his sword finger and lifted it upward.
As if controlled by an invisible force, all the weapons in the guards’ hands were released and floated into the air.
“Huh?”
Everyone was stunned. They glanced at their empty hands and then at the floating weapons above. They were momentarily at a loss and wondered what had just happened.
Just as everyone was bewildered, Dustin turned his hand. The floating knives changed direction. They pointed their tips at the Vern family guards.
“Go!”
Dustin pointed his sword finger across the air.
Dozens of steel blades shot out. They aimed diagonally at the Vern family guards. In an instant, blood sprayed, and cries filled the air. The once formidable family guards now lay on the ground. Some were missing hands and legs and were unable to stand.
“What is happening?”
Everyone was shocked at what they just witnessed. Their eyes widened. They couldn’t believe it.
With just a wave of his hand, Dustin had disarmed them all. Also, with a gentle touch of his finger, he had manipulated the weapons to attack the guards.
They could not help but wonder if Dustin was even a human at that point.
“Damn! Who is this guy? He’s so powerful!”
“A move disarming all Vern family guards is terrifying!”
“Trouble is brewing tonight!”
The group of noble scions was astonished. They exchanged astonished whispers. Even Russo was dumbfounded, finding it hard to believe.
###Chapter 1761 by Marina Vittori
“You knew manipulation arts? Who the heck are you?”
Rowan furrowed his brow. He assumed a stance that indicated that he was confronting a formidable adversary.
The art of manipulation was one of the Eight Miraculous Arts. It was an exceptionally rare skill beyond the reach of ordinary martial artists. Typically, those proficient in this art controlled one or two weapons at most. However, Dustin’s ability to manipulate dozens of blades simultaneously was unheard of, making it evident that he was no ordinary opponent.
“You don’t even qualify to ask for my name,” Dustin retorted coldly.
“Being a former captain of the Black Dragon Army and now working as a lackey here, you’ve truly brought shame to the Black Dragon Army.”
“Shut up! Who do you think you are? How dare you dictate to me? Even if you’re skilled in manipulation arts, so what? Countless extraordinary individuals have died under my blade, and today will be no exception. Prepare to die!”
Rowan was furious and embarrassed. He drew his sword.
With a couple of quick steps and a powerful leap, he aimed a formidable strike at Dustin’s head. Thanks to the resources provided by the Vern family, Rowan was now halfway to becoming a grandmaster. Once he unleashed his swordsmanship, even facing a grandmaster martial artist would not be a challenge.
“Ignorant fool!”
Dustin snorted and pointed his finger into the air.
A white light shot out and pierced through Rowan’s body.
“Ah!” Rowan screamed.
He fell from the sky in a chaotic tumble, as though he was struck mid- air. A fist-sized hole appeared between his chest and abdomen. Blood spurt out incessantly.
“Huh?”
The crowd erupted in shock once again. Rowan, renowned and powerful, a former captain of the Black Dragon Army and a top enforcer for the Vern family, had been defeated with a single move. It seemed beyond belief.
“How-How can you be so strong? Are you a grandmaster martial artist?” Rowan asked shakily as he clutched his wound.
In West Lucozia, where martial arts were highly regarded, there were many martial artist masters. But individuals as young as Dustin who reached the level of a grandmaster were extremely rare. Such prodigies were usually either intensely cultivated by the military, or fiercely sought after by major aristocratic families. They couldn’t stay unknown.
“I’ll ask one last time-where is she?”
Dustin’s eyes remained cold.
Rowan remained silent. He directed his gaze toward Russo.
“What … Why are you looking at me? He’s asking you!” Russo, pale and trembling, stammered.
When Rowan and his men had arrived, Russo had thought victory was assured. In the blink of an eye, Rowan, along with the Vern family guards, now lay dead or injured. They were unable to stand. It was at this moment that Russo realized he had kicked a hornet’s nest.
“The person you’re looking for is in the Hero Alliance’s basement,” Rowan replied.
“Lead the way.”
Dustin didn’t waste any words.
Rowan nodded. He staggered to his feet, aware that Dustin had spared his life intentionally. Otherwise, he would have been a dead man by now.
“And you!”
Dustin grabbed Russo by the hair, lifting him up.
“Sir… sir, if he can guide you, do I really have to go? Look at my broken hands and feet. I can’t move easily,” Russo pleaded with a mournful expression.
“You don’t have to go if you don’t want to. But then, you’ll die here,” Dustin said with a frigid gaze.
“No, no, no I’ll go! I’ll go, alright?” Russo agreed repeatedly in a panic. Ultimately, they proceeded toward the Hero Alliance’s headquarters with Dustin grabbing Russo.
###Chapter 1762 by Marina Vittori
In the northern part of Millsburg, the headquarters of the Hero Alliance stood prominently. This alliance consisted of affluent and profligate young noble scions from West Lucozia who had come together.
Their interactions were characterized by shared interests. In times of trouble, they offered mutual assistance. They possessed considerable influence that deterred most from challenging them. In their social circle, their call resonated with a resounding response.
Within the assembly hall of the Hero Alliance, a group of extravagant profligates embraced their companions. They were immersed in a combination of drinks and dance. Various tables were adorned with unmentionable substances.
As the festivities continued, some of them even leaned down, inhaling the mysterious white powder on the tables.
Their bodies trembled instantly. Their pupils dilated. Their faces were filled with ecstasy as their mouths adorned with foolish smiles. It was as though they had entered a hallucinatory realm and were unable to extricate themselves.
The scene unfolded as a chaotic blend of men and women indulged in either the white powder or participating in lewd activities. This wasn’t merely a gathering hall. It resembled more of a den of profligacy.
“Mr. Linden! Something’s not right!”
At that moment, a guy in white rushed in, looking visibly nervous.
“How many times do I have to tell you to call me President?”
A muscular man lounged lazily on the couch, enjoying the company of a woman beneath him. This man was Aster Linden, the president of the Hero Alliance. He was a prominent figure among these affluent profligates.
“President! It’s a disaster! A major disaster!” the man in white spoke urgently.
“Someone broke into the Hero Alliance, kidnapped Mr. Vern, and is heading this way. What should we do?”
“Hmm?”
Aster furrowed his brow, suddenly sitting up.
“Who’s bold enough to intrude on the Hero Alliance? Have they grown tired of living?”
“I don’t know who it is, but they’re really powerful. Our Hero Alliance guards couldn’t stop them.”
The man in white swallowed nervously. If he hadn’t run fast, he’d likely be in the same state as those guards who were missing their limbs.
“Damn it! Daring to cause trouble on our turf. Even if it’s the king himself, he’ll die here today!”
Aster slammed the table.
He roared, “Stop fooling around! Grab your weapons!”
His authority was imposing. With just one shout, most of the profligates snapped out of their stupor. The few still laughing foolishly were rewarded with a couple of slaps from Aster, bringing them back to reality.
“Grab your weapons!”
The profligates didn’t hesitate, immediately activating a mechanism.
Suddenly, a wall split open, revealing a hidden chamber filled with various weapons. On the left, there were cold weapons such as knives, spears, and swords. On the right, there were firearms such as handguns, rifles, sniper rifles, and even two anti-tank rocket launchers.
The room was like an armory, packed with all sorts of weapons. Most of the affluent profligates chose firearms, while a few picked up blades just for show.
As they prepared for action, a loud explosion echoed. The assembly hall’s door burst open into pieces. Following that, Dustin entered single-handedly with Russo in tow. He walked confidently. Behind them were Grace and the injured Rowan.
“Who the hell are you? How dare you cause trouble in the Hero Alliance? Who gave you the guts?”
Aster looked ferocious as he held a spray can in both hands with a cigarette dangling from his mouth. Behind him, more than a dozen profligates raised their guns. They aimed at Dustin.
“Mr. Linden! Save me!”
Russo’s eyes lit up as though he had seen hope.
“Mr. Vern, how did you get into this state? What the hell happened?”
Aster was momentarily stunned as he looked at the battered Russo.
###Chapter 1763 by Marina Vittori
With severed hands and feet, a face marred by glass shards, and blood flowing freely, Russo looked downright miserable.
“Mr. Linden! This matter is complicated. You must take this guy down right away!” Russo yelled.
“Release Mr. Vern, or I’ll blow you to bits!” warned Aster with a fierce edge to his voice.
“Where’s Lisa?” Dustin spoke coldly.
His expression remained unchanged.
“Who the heck is Lisa? I’ve never heard of her. I command you to release him, or I’ll spray you!”
Aster pressed back on the gun, the bullets loading with a metallic click.
“Mr. Linden! This thing has serious firepower. Be careful not to hit me accidentally.”
Russo’s eyes widened in fear.
It was a shotgun, commonly known as a “sprayer” or the great equalizer. One shot unleashed hundreds of steel balls with immense power and caused wide- ranging destruction. If Aster fired, there was a high chance of collateral damage.
“Mr. Vern, rest assured. My marksmanship is precise. I guarantee you won’t get hurt.”
Aster exuded confidence.
“Marksmanship?”
Russo’s lips twitched, momentarily at a loss for words.
He didn’t think that Aster possessed marksmanship of any kind with hands that couldn’t even hold a gun steadily. He felt that anything Aster could hit would depend entirely on luck. He thought that if the sprayer missed, Aster might as well gouge out his own eyes.
“I’ll ask one last time, where’s Lisa?”
Dustin grabbed Russo by the throat. His patience was wearing thin.
“In… in the basement of the assembly hall.”
Russo pointed downward as his face turned red.
“Open the basement and release her!”
Dustin’s voice was stern.
“Fuck! You think you can just order us around? Who do you think you are?”
Aster glared, his eyes wide.
“Irritating!”
Dustin’s eyes turned cold as he pointed a finger.
There was a loud bang, and Aster’s body sailed through the air as if colliding with a truck. He crashed heavily into the wall. Blood sprayed from his mouth and nose, and he wailed in agony.
The sudden turn of events left everyone in shock. No one could quite grasp what had just happened. They had only witnessed Dustin raising his hand, and Aster was sent flying. It was downright eerie.
Aster was curled up on the ground.
He roared, “Why the heck are you all standing there? Shoot this guy! Kill him!”
“President, Mr. Vern is still in his hands.”
The profligates hesitated.
“Stop the nonsense! I told you to shoot, so shoot him!” Aster shouted in frustration.
“Fire… fire!”
The profligates exchanged glances, ultimately making a decision.
The intruder was already here. They couldn’t just swallow their pride. As for Russo, it was best if he stayed alive. But if he didn’t, he couldn’t blame them.
The dense gunfire echoed in the assembly hall. Sparks flew, and shell casings scattered. The profligates initially believed they were having a grand time. They assumed Dustin was as good as dead.
However, they were dumbfounded by the sight before them.
Dustin stood quietly amidst the hail of bullets, completely unfazed. In front of him, a semi-transparent force field appeared.
The bullets struck the force field, creating a cacophony of pops and clatters. Despite the apparent commotion, the force field remained unscathed. Upon contact, the bullets morphed and fell to the ground, utterly ineffective.
###Chapter 1764 by Marina Vittori
In that critical moment, Dustin assumed the role of an untouchable otherworldly being. Despite the relentless firing and assaults from the profligates, not a single scratch landed on him.
The two sides seemed to exist in different worlds as though they were separated by an insurmountable chasm.
“What in the world?”
The profligates gazed at the strewn shell casings and the seemingly unaffected Dustin. They stood frozen with their faces etched with disbelief. They held their firearms, struck dumb in amazement. They had never imagined such a spectacle.
Even an elephant would be turned into a hornet’s nest with their firepower. They wondered how Dustin was left completely unscathed.
“What… What’s happening? What’s that force shield?”
“Good grief! He can even evade bullets. Is this guy a human or a ghost?”
The profligates were in a state of panic and fear. Some were trembling so violently that their guns dropped to the ground.
While they had encountered numerous martial artists, some formidable enough to deflect attacks, they had always safeguarded their vital points.
Witnessing Dustin stand motionless and repel all assaults with a semi- transparent force shield was beyond their comprehension. They could not help but wonder how strong he was.
“Damn it! Die!”
At this juncture, Aster emerged from a concealed room. He wielded an anti- tank rocket launcher, and pressed the fire button aimed at Dustin.
The rocket shot forth, trailing a fiery tail, hurtling directly toward Dustin. Dustin was unfazed. He extended a solitary hand, seizing the rocket’s warhead and crushing it. A loud explosion ensued as the rocket detonated. Once the smoke dissipated, he stood unharmed, not a single scratch on him.
“Ah?”
Aster was dumbfounded, wearing an expression of disbelief.
The rocket launcher in his hand clattered to the ground. In his current state, he trembled with fear, both mentally and physically. Aster wondered if Dustin was even human after witnessing him crush a rocket with bare hands.
“You’re overestimating yourself!”
Dustin snorted, pointing his finger once more.
Another explosion sounded and Aster was sent airborne again. He crashed heavily into the wall, leaving a dent. Half of his body was embedded in the wall, with only his limbs protruding. It resembled a pitiful painting on the wall.
“Open the basement!” Dustin spoke again.
“Hurry! Open it!”
The profligates, as if awakening from a dream, hastened to press the mechanism.
With a muffled roar, a bookshelf by the left wall suddenly rotated. It revealed a dim passage. The passage descended with clear steps. Every few feet was adorned with an oil lamp.
“Lead the way!”
Dustin held onto Russo and proceeded down the passage.
At the end of the passage was a locked iron door. Upon opening it, a foul odor immediately assailed their senses. Dustin frowned but remained silent. He stepped inside.
On the other side of the iron door was a spacious underground chamber. It was roughly 600 square feet in size.
###Chapter 1765 by Marina Vittori
As soon as he stepped inside the basement, Dustin’s face went cold. There were dozens of iron cages scattered throughout the basement, each holding one or two teenage girls.
The girls, all stripped to the waist, wore expressions of pure terror. Most of them were covered in bruises, cuts, and other signs of abuse. It was a pitiful sight to behold.
Two of the cages held the bodies of two young girls. They were curled in a fetal position. Their stench wafted through the air. They were left alone for too long, and their bodies had already become food for vicious rats.
The sight ignited a surge of anger within Dustin.
“Are you responsible for bringing all these people here?”
His gaze turned sharply toward Russo.
“No … I swear it’s not me,” Russo stammered, gesturing frantically.
He explained, “Aster is the one behind this. He has a twisted obsession, deriving pleasure from tormenting these girls. Every month, he captures one or two slaves and locks them in the basement. It just piled up over time.”
“You’re all despicable for treating others as slaves. You deserve to die!”
Dustin gritted his teeth and exuded an aura of intense fury.
“I truly had nothing to do with this. I’m an innocent civilian!” Russo nervously protested.
“Where’s Lisa?”
Dustin, uninterested in unnecessary conversation, cut to the chase.
“In-over there,” Russo stammered, trembling as he pointed toward a corner. Dustin followed his finger, observing a metal cage tucked in the corner.
Inside, a disheveled girl covered in bruises huddled. She was shivering. Around her neck, a dog collar was fastened, and her eyes were blindfolded with a black cloth. She had been brutally raped, and the lower part of her body was covered in blood.
“You monster!” Dustin exclaimed.
After seeing Lisa’s plight, he grabbed Russo by the throat and pinned him against the wall.
Russo begged, “Don’t kill me! I know I did something wrong. I’m sorry.”
“Killing you like this is just too easy on you. I’ll make sure your existence becomes a living nightmare.”
Dustin’s face turned into a grim mask as he suddenly moved. He grabbed Russo’s lower region and squeezed it hard.
There was a loud crack as Russo’s manhood ruptured. It was reduced to a shredded mass of flesh. Russo emitted a haunting scream. He foamed at the mouth and convulsed. His head tilted before he fainted.
Dustin tossed Russo to the ground and then walked over to the iron cage. With a gentle touch, he pulled open the cage door.
He softly called out, “Lisa, is it you?”
Lisa was scared.
She pleaded, “Please don’t hit me … I know I was wrong.”
“Don’t be afraid. I won’t hurt you. I’m a friend of your brother, Lucas. I’m here to rescue you,” Dustin reassured her, swiftly revealing his identity.
“Lucas?”
Lisa’s entire body tensed.
Slowly lifting her head, she trembled and stammered, “You… you really know my brother?”
“Absolutely. Your brother is outside waiting for you. I’ll get you out right away.”
Dustin removed the chains and unfastened the collar. He then took off his jacket and draped it over Lisa.
“Can I really get out alive?” Lisa asked, her body still tense. Her hands gripped the jacket tightly, conveying her fear and uncertainty. At that moment, it was almost surreal for her to believe that she was truly being rescued.
“I promise. I will ensure your safe escape!”
Dustin’s tone was solemn.
“What… what about them?”
Lisa nervously looked around in concern.
In the underground room, dozens of teenage girls were locked up. All of them were forcibly brought here and were subjected to all kinds of torture, just like her. They were all unfortunate souls.
“Fear not. I am committed to rescuing each and every one of them,” Dustin asserted with a grave expression.
He went on, “While I cannot erase the suffering you’ve endured, I solemnly vow, in the name of Logan, to ensure those perpetrators face the consequences they rightly deserve!”
###Chapter 1766 by Marina Vittori
Dustin walked out angrily as he emerged from the underground chamber. He noticed that the profligates in the meeting hall were sprawled on the floor, writhing in agony.
Meanwhile, Grace stood silently near the entrance.
“These guys never learn. They were just about to ambush me, so I gave them a little lesson,” she said.
“Too lenient,” he remarked, scanning the room. All the profligates had only lost a leg. It was a trivial consequence compared to the atrocities they committed.
“How about Lisa? Have you found her?” she asked.
“I found her in the basement. But she’s not alone. There are dozens of innocent girls,” he responded with a grim expression.
“Huh? What’s going on?” Grace asked, puzzled.
“You’ll know when you see it for yourself,” Dustin replied without further explanation. Grace nodded and headed into the basement.
Dustin then pulled out his phone and dialed a number. After a moment, Rodrigo entered with several female undercover agents, each carrying two suitcases.
Following the incident of the Dragon Guard ambush, Rodrigo’s loyalty and effectiveness garnered Dustin’s approval. This time, upon returning to West Lucozia, Dustin chose to keep him by his side.
“Your Highness, the items you requested are ready for your inspection.
Rodrigo bowed and gestured for the female undercover agents to open the suitcases. Inside were various women’s clothes.
“There are many girls imprisoned in the basement. Dress them in these clothes and arrange a safe place for them,” Dustin instructed.
“Yes,” Rodrigo acknowledged, immediately setting the plan into motion. At that moment, Grace emerged from the basement. Her face was unusually grim. It was accompanied by unrestrained anger.
Grace’s fury was unmistakable as she declared, “These despicable animals treated people as slaves. It’s a heinous crime!”
As a woman, she felt a deeper sense of empathy. In this sunless place, these girls not only endured violations, but also suffered inhumane torture daily. They were stripped of dignity and freedom and were living worse than dogs.
“Also, I just found out that these monsters would ruthlessly kill their parents and relatives after kidnapping the girls to avoid trouble,” Dustin said solemnly.
“What? That’s outrageous!”
Grace’s eyes widened, almost spewing fire. 1
“These heartless creatures, killing innocent lives without mercy, deserve to die!”
In her anger, she kicked one of the profligates nearby.
“Yes, they deserve to die,” Dustin said.
His eyes were filled with killing intent but his face was surprisingly calm. To him, these profligates were already as good as dead.
“Your Highness, all the girls are safely in the car. Any further instructions?”
Rodrigo approached again.
At this point, the girls from the basement had changed into the provided clothes and were seated in the vehicles waiting outside.
###Chapter 1767 by Marina Vittori
Dustin’s voice rang out, filled with an unyielding determination, “Bring out the leaders, Aster and Russo. The rest can be killed.”
“Understood,” Rodrigo responded promptly.
His blade rose to cleanse the room of its corrupt occupants. Chaos erupted in the meeting hall. Cries, pleas, and threats filled the air as the entitled profligates faced their impending demise.
“Please, spare my life! I’m wealthy, incredibly wealthy! Name your price, and I’ll pay whatever you want!”
“You punk! My dad is a deputy general with a vast army. If you harm me, he’ll shred you into pieces!”
“Good sir, spare my life! It’s a mistake. As long as you let me go today, I promise unimaginable wealth and prosperity!”
Faced with the imminent threat of life and death, the once arrogant profligates now wore expressions of fear and panic. At that moment, their former audacity had been completely stripped away. However, Dustin remained unmoved. He observed silently.
Rodrigo and the undercover agents showed no mercy. Their blades were relentless in cleansing lives tainted with corruption.
These profligates had become parasites in West Lucozia, abusing their power and committing heinous acts. Such scum needed to be eradicated.
After the slaughter, the profligates lay in a pool of blood. None was spared. Dustin glanced at the plaque above that read “Hero Alliance”. He found it bitterly ironic.
“Set it ablaze. Burn it all,” Dustin coldly ordered, then turned away.
Soon, flames roared. It engulfed the Hero Alliance’s headquarters. The surviving profligates who were barely clinging to life, were consumed by the fire. As the fire intensified, it devoured the den of filth, leaving no trace behind.
Dustin and his group departed discreetly. After ensuring the safety of the innocent girls, he and Lisa proceeded to the agreed-upon coffeehouse.
Lucas anxiously waited in the private room, unable to conceal his restlessness. Due to his limited mobility, he found himself with no other alternative but to endure a painful wait. He felt a great deal of distress.
“Lucas?”
The door swung open abruptly, revealing Lisa. Her eyes were filled with tears.
“Lisa? Is it really you?”
Lucas trembled, almost unable to believe.
“Lucas, it’s me. I’m back!”
Lisa’s voice trembled as she rushed into her brother’s arms, sobbing uncontrollably. All the pain and fear found release in that moment.
“It’s good to be back… It’s good,” Lucas whispered, gently patting his sister’s back.
“Lucas, I was so scared, so scared. I thought I’d never see you again,” Lisa sobbed.
She refused to let go of her brother.
“It’s okay now. It’s all over. From now on, I’ll protect you,” Lucas comforted.
He was fully aware of the horrors his sister had endured. Although she had returned safely, the indelible scars of her ordeal would linger.
###Chapter 1768 by Marina Vittori
Dustin closed the door quietly, allowing Lucas and Lisa the time and space they needed for their heartfelt reunion. For most people, the aftermath of such an experience would take a considerable amount of time to erase the haunting memories.
“Logan, what are your thoughts on what happened today?” Grace asked, breaking the silence as she studied the man beside her.
“I’d eradicate every last scum like them if I could.”
His tone held an icy determination.
She said solemnly, “West Lucozia is larger than Oakvale. What occurred today is likely not an isolated incident. In places beyond our view, there may be more people suffering oppression and hardship.”
She went on, “With your current abilities, you can save one or two, maybe even ten or a hundred. But you can’t save thousands or tens of thousands.”
“What do you mean?”
Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“I know you don’t like authority and that you lean more toward the martial world, but some things require a high position. Vermin like those cannot be eradicated with personal strength alone,” Grace reminded.
“I understand your point, but I’m not thinking about that right now.”
He shook his head.
“You may not be thinking about it, but you should be prepared. West Lucozia is in chaos, and you need to shoulder this responsibility,” she said.
The Prince of West Lucozia was critically ill, and the various factions within were already in turmoil. With the impending demise of the prince, chaos would not only engulf West Lucozia but also the whole of Dragonmarsh. So, she hoped that Logan would ascend to the throne soon and suppress the petty factions.
“Talking about this now is useless. Our immediate concern is dealing with the remnants of the Dragon Guard,” Dustin said.
“That’s true.”
Grace nodded and said nothing afterward. After a while, the door to the private room opened again. Lucas and Lisa walked out shoulder to shoulder. They stood directly before Dustin.
“Thank you both for saving us. From now on, my sister and I are willing to be your humble servants to repay this great favor,” Lucas said.
He brought Lisa to express their gratitude.
“Mr. Ashen, please stop.”
Dustin quickly said, “I greatly admire General Leo’s character. When faced with such a situation, I couldn’t just stand by. Moreover, those wastrels deserved severe punishment. What I did was merely to uphold justice.” 2
“Whatever the case, you are our lifesavers. If you have any orders in the future, my sister and I will not hesitate to follow, even if it means going through hell,” Lucas said solemnly.
“Alright, enough of these ominous words.”
Dustin patted his shoulder and advised, “Mr. Ashen, go back and pack up. Given what happened, for your safety, it’s best to leave Celestria immediately. Go somewhere else to lay low. After some time, I’ll arrange for your return.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Lucas nodded to Dustin and Grace again. He then quickly left with Lisa.
Although he didn’t know how Dustin had managed it, he was sure that he had offended Russo. With the Vern family’s influence, retaliation would be severe. He was now a cripple and couldn’t be of much help. So he could only take his sister somewhere safe for the time being.
“Russo and Aster are still in the trunk. How do you plan to deal with them?” Grace suddenly asked after watching the Ashen siblings leave.
“Just killing them would be too easy for them. For committing such heinous acts, I want them to regret living in this world,” Dustin spoke coldly.
A hint of menace flashed in his eyes.
Be it the Vern family or the Linden family, regardless of their power, whoever was involved in this matter would pay with their blood.
###Chapter 1769 by Marina Vittori
Under the shroud of midnight, a sleek black SUV screeched to a sudden stop at the Vern residence.
The car door swung open, tossing out a weighty burlap sack saturated in blood, potentially containing a person.
“Hey! What the heck are you doing?” The guards stationed at the Vern residence entrance swiftly detected the anomaly and shouted at the vehicle.
The black SUV roared to life, swiftly departing from the scene.
The guards cautiously approached, nudging the sack with their feet. The burlap sack quivered, revealing a face stained with blood. It was Russo who was severely injured and hovering on the brink of death.
“H-Help… S-Save me P-Please save me… “Russo groaned, his life hanging by a thread. Upon closer scrutiny, the guards’ expressions underwent a dramatic shift. “It’s Mr. Russo! Quick, get him to the hospital!”
Without hesitation, the guards rushed the critically injured Russo to the hospital for immediate attention.
Soon, the entire Vern family was plunged into turmoil. In the predawn hours, they were at the hospital in the Celestria region. After hours of emergency treatment, Russo was finally wheeled out of the operating room.
A crowd had gathered outside the operating room. This included the patriarch of the Vern family, Reuben Vern, and other high-ranking family members, anxiously pacing at the entrance.
“How is he? Is my son going to be okay?
“Reuben anxiously inquired as Russo emerged.
“Mr. Vern, we’ve stabilized your son, and he’s out of immediate danger, but…” The doctor hesitated.
“But what?” Reuben’s just settled heart tensed once more.
“Your son’s reproductive organs sustained severe damage. He won’t be able to engage in any intimate activities from now on,” the doctor explained in a regretful tone.
“No intimate activities? Doesn’t this mean he is essentially impotent?” Reuben’s face turned pale. He pleaded desperately, “Doctor, he’s my only son! Please find a solution. No matter the cost, you must find a way to cure him!”
“Mr. Vern, we’ve exhausted all efforts. The damage is too severe, and there’s no viable treatment. It’s beyond the capabilities of any medical intervention.” The doctor conveyed a sense of helplessness.
“How could this happen? Is my son really going to be unable to continue our lineage?” Reuben’s complexion turned ashen.
With his only son losing the ability to have children, the fate of their familial heritage hung in the balance.
“D-Dad… R-Revenge… H-Help me get revenge…” Weakly, Russo opened his eyes, his words filled with a lingering sense of vengeance.
Despite his dire condition, the fire of hatred burned unabated in his gaze.
“Russo!” Reuben clutched Russo’s hand, his eyes welling up with tears. Urgently, he asked, “Tell me, who did this to you? I swear I’ll make them pay for what they’ve done!”
###Chapter 1770 by Marina Vittori
Russo’s countenance reflected weakness as he explained, “I don’t know… I’m not familiar with that person.
“But he’s connected to the Ashen family. He came after me to rescue a woman named Lisa Ashen.”
“Ashen family? Lisa Ashen?” Reuben’s face darkened, prompting him to issue a swift command.
“You’ve got an hour. Fetch Lisa and her family immediately. We need to extract the truth from them!”
“Yes, sir!” Acknowledging the order, the Vern family members dispersed promptly. In the heart of Celestria in West Lucozia, the Vern family commanded substantial influence.
Beyond their wealth and prosperity, Reuben, as the family patriarch, held the dual roles of city general and commander of a formidable army numbering over ten thousand. His authority, which entailed control over the lives and deaths of ordinary citizens, was unquestionable.
Seeing Russo battered and bruised, Reuben was resolute. He was determined to capture the assailant and ensure severe consequences for anyone associated with the wrongdoer.
“Russo, don’t worry. Whoever harms you will pay with their blood!” Reuben declared firmly. At that moment, a phone call demanded attention.
After noticing the caller ID, Reuben’s expression shifted to seriousness. He gestured for medical staff to attend to Russo before hastening to a corner to answer the call discreetly. Soon, a composed voice relayed, “Mr. Vern, the prince requests your presence at the castle.”
“The prince?” Reuben queried cautiously, “General Steele, why would he summon me in the dead of night? What’s the matter?”
“The prince’s intentions are beyond our speculation. Hurry up, and don’t keep the prince waiting!” the voice responded before abruptly ending the call, leaving no room for further inquiries.
Reuben held the phone, his brow furrowed in contemplation. The recent seclusion of the prince made this summon unusual.
Could it be related to some mistake he had made? It didn’t make sense. He had been diligent and hadn’t committed any errors recently. Why would the prince seek him out of nowhere?
Could it be that the prince had a different purpose, perhaps entrusting him with an important task? If so, Reuben saw an opportunity for further advancement.
Despite his son’s tragic condition, the prospect of a promotion softened the blow.
“Take care of Russo. I have urgent matters to attend to,” Reuben instructed before leaving the hospital and heading straight to the palace.
On the other side, at the Linden family’s opulent residence, Ambrose Linden was abruptly awakened by insistent knocking.
“What is it?” Ambrose growled impatiently. As he was turning 60 years old, his commitment to a regimen of retiring early and rising with the dawn was an integral part of his wellness strategy.
He despised being disturbed during his sleep. If there wasn’t a pressing matter, the person responsible for waking him might receive a sound thrashing.
“Sir Linden! Something terrible has happened to the young master!” The panicked voice of the butler reached Ambrose.
“Young master? Which one?” Ambrose mumbled, struggling to comprehend fully.
He had three sons, each causing their fair share of trouble. He often found himself dealing with the consequences of their actions.
Fortunately, Ambrose was the current regional governor and wielded substantial influence. With the princess supporting him, he effectively dominated the political landscape throughout West Lucozia.
###Chapter 1771 by Marina Vittori
“Sir, it’s Mr. Aster!” The butler conveyed the report through the closed door.
“Aster?” Ambrose’s brow furrowed. ” What trouble has that boy stirred up now?”
Among his sons, Aster posed the greatest challenge when it came to keeping him in line.
“It’s not another trouble. Mr. Aster has been assaulted!” the butler hastily clarified.
“Assaulted?” Ambrose leaped out of bed upon hearing the alarming revelation. He swung open the door and demanded, “What happened? Who dared to assault my son?”
Ambrose could wrap his head around his son getting into trouble. But if his son was physically harmed, that was a line he couldn’t bear.
“The details are unclear, sir. We found Mr. Aster at the doorstep, injured. The assailant had already fled,” the butler explained.u
“Take me to him!” Concern etched Ambrose’s face as he rushed out without even donning his coat. Upon entering the estate’s infirmary with the butler, he was confronted with a grim scene.
Aster lay on the sickbed, pale and bloodied. His bones were shattered, and his limbs contorted in a grotesque manner.
“My son! Oh, my son!” Ambrose wept at the sight, initially thinking it was a mere scuffle and not expecting this level of brutality.
“Sir Linden, the doctor has examined him. Although Mr. Aster is critically injured, there’s no immediate threat to his life. It appears the assailant had attempted some form of treatment,” the butler shared.
“How could this happen? Who would do this to my son?” Ambrose’s eyes ablaze with fury as he demanded answers.
“I’ve dispatched investigators. We should have results soon.” The butler assured.
“Anyone who harms my son will pay dearly! Assemble the household troops. Be ready to apprehend the culprit at a moment’s notice!” Ambrose commanded.
“Yes, sir!” The butler promptly set the arrangements in motion.
“Hurry! Get my son to the hospital!” Ambrose issued another order. While the Linden family had private physicians, Aster’s injuries demanded comprehensive treatment available only at the hospital.
While en route to escort his son to the hospital, Ambrose received an unexpected phone call.
Initially irritated, his expression changed upon seeing the caller ID- Jaxon Steele, the captain of the prince’s royal guard.
Despite being a mere captain of the royal guard, the words he conveyed held the weight of the highest authority in West Lucozia.
Regardless of one’s rank-be it a governor, a general, or even a governor -general-everyone was obligated to show the utmost deference when in the presence of this captain.
Suppressing his emotions, Ambrose answered, “General Steele, what brings you to call at this hour?”
“Mr. Linden, the prince requests your presence at the palace,” Jaxon informed him curtly.
“Now?” Ambrose raised an eyebrow.
“Yes, immediately,” Jaxon responded.
“Very well … I’ll be there shortly.” Ambrose couldn’t refuse an invitation from the prince, especially at this hour.
He changed vehicles and headed toward the castle, leaving his concerns for Aster’s well-being behind.
In the darkened night, Reuben and Ambrose were grappling with their respective family issues. They made their way to the castle, oblivious to the intricate traps set for them.
###Chapter 1772 by Marina Vittori
At the crack of dawn, within the grandeur of West Lucozia Castle’s central hall, Rufus draped himself in a robe adorned with the sinuous coils of a serpent.
The stoic captain of the royal guard was seated at the epicenter with his left guarded by Jaxon. And on his right stood Albert, a figure more known as the Executioner than by his given name.
The harsh brilliance of overhead lights illuminated Rufus as he meticulously sifted through the abundance of letters strewn across the table.
Each missive held revelations from the covert efforts of the castle’s undercover agents. These written accounts unfolded tales of bloodshed, and the table groaned under the weight of hundreds of letters.
The damning dossier was evidence exposing both the Vern and Linden families, even their shared history of criminal exploits.
As Rufus delved deeper into these missives, concern etched lines on his forehead. The unveiled misdeeds within his jurisdiction pointed to corrupt officials who had ruthlessly sacrificed lives, and the mountain of evidence painted an incriminating tableau.
“Perhaps, Your Highness, a moment’s respite would be wise. Your well-being is paramount,” Albert suggested. His usual reserve gave way to an unusual note of compassion.
“Rest? How can I, when faced with such matters?” Rufus slammed his hand on the table, his countenance darkening.
“Reuben and Ambrose have been bold, exploiting their influence and deceiving even me! They’ve truly underestimated my resolve!”
“Your Highness, what has stirred such anger?” Eloise, the demure princess consort of West Lucozia, entered the room.
“See for yourself!” Rufus tossed the letters toward her. Eloise picked them up and couldn’t help but react with surprise.
“These detail Mr. Vern’s misdeeds?” Eloise cautiously inquired.
“Not only Reuben’s but Ambrose’s as well!” Rufus pushed the towering pile of letters toward Eloise.
He went on, “These two have embezzled, violated the law, and committed heinous acts, including atrocities against innocent lives!
“What you see here is just a fraction of the evidence I’ve gathered. Their actual transgressions go far beyond this!”
“How could this happen?” Eloise furrowed her brow. “Your Highness, Reuben and Ambrose have served you for many years, and there’s never been a hint of betrayal. Could there be a misunderstanding?”
“Misunderstanding?” Rufus snorted.” These findings are the result of my own undercover agents’ investigations. There’s no room for misunderstanding.
“Look at this. Three years ago, the Vern family kidnapped the patriarch of the Garrison family to seize their property, torturing him for three days and nights, ultimately leading to his wife’s suicide by hanging!
“And this, Reuben’s son Russo, driven by lust, publicly humiliated a woman in her husband’s presence, later burying the couple alive, and even their three- year-old child was not spared!
“Most despicable of all, Vern’s eldest son, Russo, and Linden’s third son, Aster, led a group of profligates, forming some kind of ‘Hero Alliance,’ engaging in rape, plunder, arson, and countless murders.
“Over the past three years, they’ve perpetrated over a hundred homicides, earning the wrath of both god and men!
Rufus opened each letter, pounding them in front of Eloise, his anger palpable. “Now, do you still think there’s a misunderstanding?”
“This…” Eloise was momentarily speechless. She hadn’t anticipated the audacity of Reuben and Ambrose.
While a bit of embezzlement might have been tolerable, the revelation of numerous murders spelled imminent disaster for both the Vern and Linden families.
###Chapter 1773 by Marina Vittori
Rufus’s resolute warning cleaved through the air. “I’m well aware of your ties with Ambrose, but today’s events won’t find an effortless path to absolution.”
Standing unwaveringly beside Rufus, Eloise spoke with resolute conviction, ” When both the powerful and the humble defy the law, consequences must be confronted.
“The Vern and Linden families have perpetrated numerous wrongs and should face severe punishment.”
Visibly angered, Rufus hinted that pleading wouldn’t sway him at this moment. Eloise, astute to the gravity of the situation, chose her words judiciously.
“You know precisely what actions are necessary,” she stated firmly. Rufus nodded and chose to remain in contemplative silence. At that very moment, a guard entered, bowing respectfully. “Your Highness, Mr. Vern has arrived.”
“Hmph! Bring him in!” Rufus ordered with an icy demeanor. The guard promptly responded with a curt “yes” and left.
Shortly after that, the guard silently escorted the compliant Reuben into the room. A subtle unease washed over him as he laid eyes on Eloise and Albert.
Eloise, bearing the title of princess consort, usually refrained from meddling in West Lucozia’s military affairs.
Albert, known as the Executioner, wielded the power of punishment within the royal enclave and was a figure dreaded by all.
“Your Highness, I’m at your service,” Reuben greeted him humbly, sensing the ominous atmosphere.
“Do you comprehend why I summoned you here late at night?” Rufus spoke coldly, his expression inscrutable.
“I have no idea. Please enlighten me, Your Highness.” Reuben, now anxious, bowed to show deference.
“See for yourself!” Rufus didn’t elaborate, tossing a letter at Reuben’s feet.
Picking up the missive, Reuben paled upon absorbing its contents. “Your Highness! This is a misunderstanding! My son is good-natured and virtuous. He wouldn’t commit such heinous acts!
“Good-natured? Virtuous? You’ve got some nerve saying that.” Rufus slammed the table, his anger palpable.
“Your Highness, I am unsure where you acquired this information, but I assure you, my son is law-abiding. This accusation is a malicious attempt to sow discord!” Reuben passionately defended his son.
“Reuben, your deceitful tactics persist. Trying to shift blame with a few words won’t suffice. Do you take me for a fool? “Rufus spoke sternly.
“Your Highness, my loyalty to you is unwavering. I wouldn’t dare deceive you. Please don’t heed the words of the schemers!” Reuben pleaded, genuinely aggrieved.
“Seriously, Reuben? I can’t believe you’re still trying to argue. You’re truly incorrigible!” Rufus scowled.
“Let me shoot it straight-the letter you’re holding? My undercover agent uncovered it through a thorough investigation! No one tipped us off. I’m fully aware of the crimes your son has committed.”
“What?” Reuben was thunderstruck and turned even paler. Assuming a rival had reported them, he hadn’t realized they were Rufus’s castle undercover agents.
In this critical moment, there was no room for excuses.
“Your Highness! My son’s misjudgment stemmed from intoxication-a brief lapse in discernment. I implore you to consider my unwavering loyalty and extend mercy to my son.” Reuben kneeled on the ground, groveling.
“Your family would have already faced extermination if not for your past loyalties.” Rufus abruptly pounded the table, startling Reuben.
###Chapter 1774 by Marina Vittori
As Rufus unleashed his sudden burst of anger, Reuben felt a surge of fear, his face drained of color. In his experience, the prince seldom displayed joy, making his furious outburst all the more unexpected.
After all, Russo had only been involved with an ordinary woman. Surely, it didn’t warrant such fury?
“Your Highness, it’s my fault for not disciplining him properly. If my son has erred, I’m prepared to shoulder all the blame!” Reuben knelt on the floor, presenting an image of righteousness.
“Can you handle that responsibility?” Rufus, abruptly seizing a handful of letters, delivered them with a swift slap to Reuben’s face.
The force sent Reuben sprawling. His face was aflame. “What’s all this about? “Perplexed, Reuben gathered the scattered letters and began to examine them.
The deeper he delved, the more his panic intensified. His entire body shook like a sieve, with cold sweat forming.
“No way! This can’t be … It’s impossible!” Reuben shook his head repeatedly, utterly unwilling to believe what was unfolding.
The letters laid bare the transgressions of the Vern family, encompassing not just his son Russo but also numerous influential members, even detailing Reuben’s misdeeds.
From embezzlement to murder, every crime was explicitly listed. Many of these deeds he had long forgotten, only to find them now on Rufus’s desk.
What was happening? Why had Rufus resorted to agents to investigate the Vern family? Had he made any mistakes?
“Reuben, do you understand now? Do you have anything left to say?” Rufus demanded sternly.
“Your Highness, spare me! Spare me, Your Highness!” Wide awake to reality, Reuben knelt on the floor, frantically begging for mercy.
His head banged against the floor with each word, even if it meant bleeding and no respite.
Finally grasping why Rufus was so furious, the Vern family’s myriad crimes could lead to their complete annihilation now that it was exposed.
“Spare you?” Rufus scoffed. “When the Vern family was committing those murders and arsons, did you think of sparing the lives of innocents?”
“Your Highness, I acknowledge my mistake! I promise to reform. Please, considering my many years of dedicated service and hard work, show mercy!” Reuben, still bowing, begged desperately, intertwining apologies with emotional appeals.
He knew today marked a catastrophe for him. He didn’t hope for complete safety. He just wanted to preserve his life.
“Your Highness, Mr. Linden is here!” A guard abruptly entered, bowing to report.
“Bring him in!” Rufus ordered coldly.
“Understood!” The guard acknowledged and swiftly departed.
After a while, the slightly hunched Ambrose entered with a submissive demeanor.
###Chapter 1775 by Marina Vittori
As Ambrose entered the grand hall, the unfolding scene left him utterly stunned.
Rufus, the Prince of West Lucozia, stood imposingly with hands behind his back, an air of displeasure evident on his face. The princess consort, who stood by his side, wore a stern expression.
Albert, the Executioner, maintained a facade of respect, yet his eyes hinted at a concealed threat.
Jaxon, the captain of the royal guards, positioned his hand on the hilt of his blade, subtly indicating preparedness to draw his weapon.
The most surprising sight was Reuben, kneeling on the ground, wearing a panicked expression and bowing repeatedly-a clear portrayal of impending doom.
“Your Highness!” Ambrose promptly kneeled, saluting respectfully without fully grasping the situation. Typically, Rufus would allow him to rise immediately, but this time was an exception.
“Mr. Linden, do you understand why I summoned you in the middle of the night?” Rufus began, echoing his earlier opening statement.
“I do not, Your Highness. Please enlighten me,” Ambrose replied, swallowing nervously. He could sense an unexpected tension.
“If you’re unaware, then see for yourself!” Without much elaboration, Rufus snatched a letter from his desk and tossed it at Ambrose’s feet. As Ambrose reviewed the contents, his expression underwent an instant transformation.
“Your Highness, I’m innocent! This is a baseless accusation! A deliberate attempt to tarnish my name! I implore Your Highness to conduct a thorough investigation!”
Witnessing this, Reuben, still kneeling nearby, couldn’t help but roll his eyes. He knew this wouldn’t work from his own experience. Ambrose had to try something new.
“Baseless accusation? Tarnishing?” Rufus sneered. “Seems like you and Reuben are cut from the same cloth. You’ll remain unconvinced until faced with grim reality.”
“Your Highness, though my son may be wayward, he would never commit such atrocities, let alone form some Hero Alliance. There must be a misunderstanding!” Ambrose vehemently asserted.
“Mr. Vern, enlighten him on whether there’s a misunderstanding.” Rufus redirected his gaze, glancing at Reuben.
“Mr. Linden, in this situation, deceit won’t avail you. Confess, and perhaps His Highness may show mercy,” Reuben suggested with a mournful expression.
“Mr. Vern! What nonsense are you spouting?” Ambrose retorted, indignant, “Though I may not be the most talented, I’ve always been honest. I won’t let you besmirch my reputation! 11
In Ambrose’s eyes, this was clearly Reuben’s attempt to drag him down. In such a situation, he naturally wouldn’t admit guilt.
“Honest? Never lied?” Rufus coldly chuckled.
“Ambrose, I’m giving you a chance to admit your mistake. I didn’t anticipate your stubbornness. I’ll ask you one last time-did your family commit these heinous acts?”
At this point, Reuben, still kneeling, signaled desperately with his eyes. However, Ambrose seemed to ignore it, persisting in denying any involvement.
“Your Highness! I’ve always been diligent in my duties and would never let my son run amok. If such things have indeed happened, I’m willing to atone with my life!” Ambrose portrayed an image of righteousness.
Eloise sighed as she heard this. She knew Ambrose had effectively cut off his only escape route. Why would the usually shrewd man act so foolishly in a critical moment?
“Very well!” Rufus was infuriated and grinned.
“Ambrose, it seems you’re fond of seeking death. If you desire, I’ll grant your wish. Take him away! Tomorrow at noon, he’ll be executed in public!”
###Chapter 1776 by Marina Vittori
The phrase “public execution” struck Ambrose like a lightning bolt, leaving him frozen in his tracks. At that moment, the severity of the situation fully sank in.
For ordinary offenses, it was either a pay cut or the worst would be a demotion. But, it had escalated to the point of facing execution. What on earth was happening? How could a governor, in his right mind, order a beheading?
“Your Highness! This is a grave injustice!” Realizing he was about to be apprehended, Ambrose pleaded desperately and bowed repeatedly.
“Even if I failed in my duty as a governor, does that warrant losing my life?”
“Failing in your duty? Hmph! You’re trivializing it,” Rufus said with a stern expression.
“Your Highness! What crime have I committed that deserves such drastic punishment?” Ambrose questioned with a mournful face.
“Over the years, what unsavory deeds have you done? Haven’t you kept count? “Rufus interrogated.
“I truly don’t know. Please, Your Highness, enlighten me.” Ambrose maintained his stubborn stance.
“Fine! I’ll make it crystal clear for you! “Rufus grabbed another batch of letters from his desk, tossing them at Ambrose’s feet.
He went on, “These are the collected pieces of evidence obtained through covert investigation. See for yourself the heinous crimes committed by you and the Linden family!”
Ambrose picked up the letters. His face turned pale, frozen with shock. He thought there was only one charge, but Rufus had amassed a damning collection. Staring at the irrefutable evidence, Ambrose felt a sense of panic.
“Your Highness! I was confused! I’m truly guilty! I beseech you, spare my life for the loyalty and dedication I’ve shown over the years!” Ambrose continued to bow incessantly, devoid of his previous stubbornness.
“Please, Your Highness, show mercy!” Reuben joined in, repeatedly banging his head.
Both were now teetering on the edge of the abyss. Without Rufus’s forgiveness, the weight of these charges alone could warrant multiple beheadings.
“Reuben, how long have you been with me?” Rufus inquired abruptly.
“I’ve been in Your Highness’s service for over 20 years,” Reuben quickly responded.
“It’s 23 years,” Rufus corrected.
With a solemn expression, he continued, “During my campaigns and battles, pacifying militant leaders, exterminating savages, securing internal peace and external stability, you’ve been by my side.
“I watched you rise from a soldier to a general. Even after your retirement, I didn’t mistreat you. I elevated you to a commanding position, overseeing the safety of a city.
“Reuben, I had high hopes for you!”
“Your Highness’s favor is unforgettable!” Reuben, still kneeling, quivered in his voice.
“Ambrose, though not of a military background, my expectations for you were no less than for Reuben,” Rufus turned to Ambrose, speaking with gravity.
He added, “Back then, I saw your administrative talent going to waste. I requested the capital to transfer you from Oakvale to West Lucozia.
“At that time, you were just a minor official in the ministry. Upon arriving in West Lucozia, I defied public opinion and promoted you to the position of a provincial administrative official.
“Later, recognizing your exceptional abilities, I petitioned the capital to appoint you as the governor of a province.
“Now, in all of West Lucozia, you stand in a position superior to many, having risen above the masses.”
“I owe my current standing entirely to Your Highness’s guidance. I’ll repay you with unwavering loyalty in the future, even if it costs my life!”
Ambrose choked with emotion and shed tears freely.
“Reuben, Ambrose, do you still remember the oaths you initially made? “Rufus spoke with profound seriousness.
He continued, “To commit to moral and just actions aligned with universal principles, to give meaning to the people’s lives, to inherit the wisdom of past teachers, and to bring everlasting peace to the world!”
“We… remember!” Reuben and Ambrose nodded simultaneously.
“Do you truly remember them?” Rufus sighed, shaking his head.
He added, “If you truly remember, why have you committed such heinous acts? We used to despise corrupt officials, but somehow, you’ve become the very people you once detested.”
The irony is profound-those once dedicated to justice and righteousness were now perpetrators of injustice.
###Chapter 1777 by Marina Vittori
Reuben and Ambrose descended into a somber silence. Their heads were bowed, burdened by the weight of guilt. Tears traced down their cheeks.
Along their journey, they succumbed to the temptation of wealth, pleasure, and the heady allure of power.
While manipulating forces and wielding authority, they lost touch with the ideals that once guided them, metamorphosing into the very embodiment of the individuals they once scorned.
Did they harbor regret for their choices? Undoubtedly. Yet, redemption now seemed like an elusive pursuit. Once certain actions were taken, there was no turning back.
“Reuben, Ambrose, having committed such grave crimes, how should I deal with you?” Rufus suddenly inquired.
Reuben trembled as he spoke, “I acknowledge my profound guilt and am willing to atone with my life. I only ask Your Highness to spare the Vern family.
“Innocent lives will be spared, but those who have committed severe wrongs shall face death,” Rufus replied without turning around.
“Thank you, Your Highness!” Reuben managed a forced smile, bowing respectfully and hitting his head on the floor.
“Serving under Your Highness has been an honor. If I could turn back time, I would have strived to live an honorable life.
“Your Highness, take care. I will now seek redemption,” Reuben said, grabbing a guard’s sword and swiftly slashing his own throat.
Blood splattered across the hall as he collapsed, a look of relief on his face. “Mr. Vern!” Ambrose exclaimed, shocked by Reuben’s ruthless act.
He never expected such determination -a quick, unhesitant act of self- destruction. Unlike a seasoned soldier, he, a civilian, lacked the resolve to face death in such a manner.
“He left with dignity.” Rufus sighed, feeling a complex mix of emotions. Losing another of his former subordinates was a painful reminder of the dwindling numbers.
“Ambrose, your turn.” Rufus shifted his gaze to the visibly trembling Ambrose.
“Your Highness, have mercy! Have mercy on me!” Ambrose pleaded, bowing repeatedly.
“I’m old! Also, I only have a few years left. Please spare my life! I’m willing to resign as governor and donate all my wealth. I only ask for Your Highness’s mercy beyond the law!”
“Everyone must be accountable for their actions. Those who commit wrongs must face punishment,” Rufus shook his head.
“Princess! Princess, save me!” Ambrose turned to Eloise, desperately crying.
He went on, “I’ve been loyal for years. Please, in the name of our past bonds, spare my life. I promise to serve you wholeheartedly in the future!”
“Mr. Linden, it’s futile. Save yourself some dignity. If you don’t die, the Linden family won’t survive,” Eloise advised solemnly.
“Why? What have I done wrong?” Ambrose, his eyes red, shouted in frustration.
He added, “I’ve served as an official for over 20 years, toiling day and night. Now that I’ve finally climbed to a high position, why can’t I enjoy it?
“Those who died were just commoners! How can they be compared to me? Over these years, West Lucozia wouldn’t be as prosperous as it is today without my governance.
“Why should I be condemned for them? Rufus, have you lost your mind?”
###Chapter 1778 by Marina Vittori
In this pivotal moment, Ambrose had utterly forsaken all rationality, succumbing to a reckless frenzy.
He staunchly believed that his tireless efforts had been instrumental in Rufus’s effective governance of West Lucozia.
In Ambrose’s perspective, reveling in the privileges of power and authority was a well-deserved entitlement.
Why hold such a position if he couldn’t relish its benefits? Sacrificing the lives of a few commoners seemed trivial compared to his role as governor. He failed to perceive any wrongdoing on his part, attributing the entire crisis to Rufus’s lack of wisdom.
“Ambrose, do you still refuse to accept it?” Rufus shook his head, disappointment etched across his face.
He went on, “Your son ran rampant, lives were callously taken, and the people were treated as if they were inconsequential. Your actions mirror those of ancient savages-burning, killing, and pillaging!”
“I’ve achieved greatness! I built West Lucozia’s prosperity, ensuring its citizens’ well-being! What harm is there in removing a few inconsequential lives?” Ambrose bellowed.
“Ambrose, your accomplishments don’t absolve you of your crimes. Your contributions don’t justify your malevolence. The honors you earned won’t shield you from facing the consequences.” Rufus rebuked.
He added, “We’re here to seek justice for the people, not to oppress them. If everyone adopted your logic and behaved as you did, West Lucozia would crumble.”
“Ambrose, face the consequences for your mistakes. Your guilt is undeniable, and there’s no escape,” Eloise said icily.
“I refuse! I refuse to accept it!” With fiery eyes, Ambrose continued to rage, having completely lost his reason in the face of life and death.
“Your refusal won’t change anything. The evidence is solid. No matter how you try to defend yourself, it’s futile,” Rufus declared, shifting his gaze to Albert.
“According to West Lucozia’s laws, how should we deal with Ambrose’s crimes?”
“Hanging, drawing, and quartering,” Albert replied casually. The mention of this execution made even Eloise, who stood nearby, visibly tense.
It was the cruelest form of punishment, involving hanging by the neck but not to the point of death.
Then, the person would be drawn behind a horse to the execution site and have their four limbs tied to different horses, pulling their limbs in various directions before it ended the condemned life.
Only the most heinous crimes warrant such a punishment.
“Ambrose, considering your years of service, take up the blade and end it yourself!” Rufus commanded sternly, offering a last chance for self- redemption. 2
“Rufus, you scoundrel! I served you faithfully for so many years, and now you want to kill me? I curse you to a miserable death!” Ambrose continued to shout, resembling a madman.
“Ignorant fool!” Rufus’s face darkened.
“Take him away! According to the law, execute him!”
“Yes, sir!” Two guards entered, restraining Ambrose and forcibly dragging him away.
“Rufus, you ungrateful scoundrel! You sever the ties and betray my trust! I refuse to accept it!” Ambrose, with a frenzied struggle, continued his protests.
Despite his furious curses and defiant cries, Ambrose couldn’t escape the inevitable fate of death.
“Albert, issue the order. Ambrose is to be executed according to the law, and the Linden family is to be eradicated as a warning to others,” Rufus commanded once more.
The occurrence signaled the decay within West Lucozia, demanding a severe deterrent. “Yes, sir.”
###Chapter 1779 by Marina Vittori
Albert responded with a quick acknowledgment and left promptly. As the Executioner, he had refrained from significant bloodshed since the era of peace in West Lucozia.
However, Ambrose’s recent actions compelled him to step back into the role. Ambrose’s foolishness harmed himself and dragged the entire Linden family into a perilous situation.
“Reuben offers a sacrificial redemption through death, demoted to a commoner, and permits a dignified burial.
“Punish all the Vern family criminals according to the law. Spare the innocent ones,” Rufus spoke again.
“Understood!” Jaxon bowed and gestured, instructing someone to carry Reuben’s lifeless body away.
Soon, only Rufus and Eloise remained in the hall. Once everyone had left, Rufus finally couldn’t hold back, succumbing to intense coughing. His body swayed, teetering on the edge.
“Your Highness! Are you okay?” Eloise was startled and quickly rushed forward to support him.
“It’s nothing, just an old ailment.” Rufus shook his head, wiping away the blood from the corner of his mouth with a handkerchief.
“Your Highness, you’re coughing blood? I’ll call for a doctor right away!” Eloise’s face showed a hint of panic. She was ready to leave, but Rufus held on to her.
“No need to make a fuss. I know my own condition. Summoning a doctor would just mean taking a few more doses of medicine. It won’t make much of a difference.”
“Your Highness-“Eloise was about to offer more words of concern, but Rufus interrupted, “Enough worrying. I won’t die just yet. Sit down and chat with me for a while.”
Upon hearing this, Eloise could only nod helplessly.
“Eloise, these years have truly been challenging for you. You could have lived a comfortable life in Oakvale, yet you chose to be here in this wild place, laboring day in and day out.
“It’s all because of my shortcomings,” he said gently.
“Your Highness, what are you saying? You’re a hero, and I’m content just being by your side.” Eloise held Rufus’s hand.
“Hero? Look at me now. Just an old man past his prime.” Rufus chuckled self-deprecatingly.
“Your Highness, no matter how you change, you’re still the unparalleled man in my heart,” Eloise said earnestly.
Since her teenage years, she idolized Rufus. She even went so far as to persuade her brother to arrange her marriage to Rufus when he was not yet a prince.
At that time, Rufus already had Alba. However, Eloise was blinded by her admiration. She willingly embraced the infamy and pressure that came with her decision.
She never regretted marrying for love, especially to the man she considered a hero.
“Eloise, you’re a good wife, a good mother, and a good princess consort. I have a question to ask you now, and I hope you’ll answer truthfully.” Rufus changed the topic abruptly.
“Your Highness, please ask, and I’ll be honest with you.” Eloise nodded.
“My time is running out, and the position of Prince of West Lucozia needs a successor. What do you think about Austin?” His tone turned serious.
“Austin may seem carefree on the surface, but he possesses courage and strategy. He has great potential.
“If Your Highness is willing, I believe Austin can be a good Prince of West Lucozia,” Eloise replied.
She knew that this was the moment for Rufus to make a decision, and she had to advocate for her son.
###Chapter 1780 by Marina Vittori
“You’re right about Austin. He’s truly exceptional.” Rufus nodded approvingly.
He went on, “His combat prowess in the Black Dragon Army ranks is at the top, even surpassing my skills back in the day. Moreover, his military strategies make him an invaluable talent.
“The commanders often report Austin’s achievements to me, and I’ve watched him grow. Having a son like him makes me proud,” he expressed with satisfaction.
Hearing this, Eloise breathed a sigh of relief, feeling a surge of joy. She hadn’t expected him to pay such close attention to their son’s development despite his busy schedule.
“Eloise, Austin is an outstanding young man, no doubt about it. He can become a great general, leading West Lucozia to expand its territory and achieve extraordinary feats.
“However, being the Prince of West Lucozia is a different story, at least not for now.” He suddenly shifted the conversation.
Upon hearing this, she paused, a hint of confusion crossing her face.
“Eloise, if I had more time, I’d slowly groom Austin until he becomes a qualified Prince of West Lucozia. Unfortunately, time is not on my side anymore.” Rufus shook his head.
“Your Highness, are you saying…” Eloise anticipated the result yet hesitated to voice it.
“I’m thinking of passing the throne to Logan.” His expression became complex.
“In terms of character, strength, strategic insight, and military talent, Logan is the best choice. He’s more suited for this position than I am.”
“Your Highness, from what I know, Logan is devoted to the martial world, uninterested in authority matters. He might not like this decision.” She tried to explain.
“He indeed doesn’t like it, but there are things a person must do, even if they don’t like them. That’s called responsibility,” Rufus spoke with a stern tone.
“For justice, the people of West Lucozia, and the world at large, I believe he will shoulder this heavy burden.”
“Your Highness, why not let Logan make his own choice?” Eloise asked.
“Of course, I won’t force Logan, just as I won’t force Austin. They’re both my sons, and I’ll let them compete fairly. I just hope you understand that Logan is the better choice.” Rufus emphasized.
“I understand.” Eloise nodded reluctantly.
Though she was unwilling to admit it, she knew deep down that, from every perspective, Logan was more outstanding and better suited to be the Prince of West Lucozia than Austin.
However, as a mother, she naturally hoped for her son to ascend to a prominent position, surpassing the multitude.
Therefore, she had to compete for this throne, not for herself but for her son’s prospects.
“Eloise, this position isn’t as glamorous as people imagine. Claims of wielding authority and commanding power are all illusory things.
“Since ascending to this position, I no longer live for myself but for all the people of West Lucozia. The pressure and responsibilities I carry, outsiders can never understand,” Rufus explained.
“If I had a choice, I really wouldn’t want to be the damn Prince of West Lucozia. It’s too damn exhausting,” he said, coughing again.
She quickly raised her hand, gently patting Rufus’s back to help him ease the cough. At this moment, she suddenly noticed that her husband seemed much older.
The once majestic and awe-inspiring man had faded away, replaced by an elderly figure on the verge of decline.
Looking at Rufus’s graying hair, Eloise couldn’t help but feel a pang of heartache. What happened to the man who used to be so full of vigor and unparalleled?
“Eloise, you must be tired too. Go back to rest in your room. In two days, let’s gather as a family.” Rufus smiled.
“Your Highness, take care of yourself,” Eloise reminded.
“I know, go on.” Rufus waved his hand. “I’ll take my leave then.”
###Chapter 1781 by Marina Vittori
Eloise executed a graceful bow and turned to depart when a sudden upheaval disrupted the calm.
A resounding crash echoed through the hall as the ceiling gave way, and a shadowy figure dressed in black descended dramatically. The assassin was wielding a sharp sword.
“Your Highness, look out!” Quick on her feet, she immediately raised her voice to warn Rufus of the imminent danger.
“Rufus! Your time has come! Die!” The assassin’s cry reverberated as he thrust the sword.
The motion was so swift, leaving only a momentary glint of light. As the radiance faded, the assassin’s sword had already punctured Rufus’s chest.
Rufus stood frozen, staring at the sword that had impaled him, seemingly unable to grasp the reality of the situation.
Eloise, positioned by the doorway, watched in disbelief, questioning how an assassin had managed to breach the heavily fortified castle.
The assault was meticulously timed, occurring during Albert and Jaxon’s absence, as if the assassin had orchestrated the plan with utmost precision.
“Rufus! This is the consequence of opposing the Dragon Guard!”
The assassin withdrew the sword, causing blood to spurt from Rufus’s chest wound. Rufus staggered backward, eventually collapsing to the ground, his complexion drained of color.
“Help! There’s an assassin!” Eloise screamed, and the entire castle was promptly alerted. Guards converged from all directions, but the assassin skillfully leaped out the window and made a swift escape.
Accomplished warriors from the castle pursued the assailant.
“Your Highness! Your Highness!” Eloise rushed to Rufus, who was coughing up blood. Each cough expelled more blood.
“Don’t speak, Your Highness! You’ll be fine! You’ll be okay!”
Eloise pressed her hand against Rufus’s wound while shouting urgently toward the door, “Doctor! Where is the doctor? Hurry, we need help!”
Struggling, Rufus seized Eloise’s arm and weakly uttered, “Eloise … I won’t be able to make it, so listen to me… after I’m gone, West Lucozia will be in chaos.
“As the princess consort, you must stabilize the situation. My trusted commanders will assist you. West Lucozia … relies on you.”
“Your Highness! Don’t speak nonsense! You’ll be fine. West Lucozia can’t be without you, and I can’t be without you. You must hold on!” Eloise sobbed uncontrollably and trembled.
“Eloise, I’m tired. I just want to sleep peacefully. The life of battles and wars it’s time to end.” Rufus managed a faint smile before closing his eyes, his arms lifelessly dropping.
He had breathed his last breath, leaving the world behind.
###Chapter 1782 by Marina Vittori
“Your Highness? Your Highness! Wake up! Wake up!” Eloise, witnessing Rufus devoid of life, was plunged into inconsolable grief, wailing with profound sorrow.
The suddenness of it all caught her completely off guard. Never in her wildest dreams did she imagine Rufus would die in her arms.
Those who rushed to the scene were similarly moved to tears, for Rufus was not only the heart of the castle but also the linchpin of the entire West Lucozia.
As time passed, the dawn gradually broke, casting a somber atmosphere over the entire castle. The hall, once a place of bustling activity, was now transformed into a memorial hall adorned with white lilies.
A finely crafted black coffin took center stage, containing the peacefully laid- out Rufus in resplendent attire.
Mourners, which consisted of mostly loyal castle personnel and members of the Rhys family, dressed in mourning attire filled the hall.
Eloise, kneeling at the forefront, gazed at Rufus’s portrait with tears silently streaming down her face.
Albert, entering the hall, approached Eloise after paying his respects to Rufus. He bowed deeply.
“Your Highness, the prince’s arrangements have been completed as per your instructions. The news is sealed, and precautions are taken to prevent unnecessary panic,” he whispered.
“Have they caught the assailant?” Wiping away her tears, she now exuded a fierce determination. Witnessing her husband’s assassination, she yearned to exact revenge on the perpetrator.
“The assailant’s cultivation is formidable. Our pursuit was unsuccessful,” Albert replied.
“This is related to the Dragon Guard’s remnants. Dispatch someone to investigate immediately and bring the assassin to justice. If necessary, deploy the Black Dragon Army,” Eloise ordered.
“Understood.” He nodded and discreetly left.
“When is Austin returning?” She asked the female guard.
“Sir Austin has been conducting exercises at the border. I’ve already sent word; he should arrive by afternoon,” the guard replied softly.
“Inform everyone: the castle is on high alert. No one is allowed to leave without authorization,” Eloise commanded.
“Yes!” The guard saluted and departed.
“Your Highness, rest assured, I will avenge you!” Eloise, gazing at Rufus’s portrait, murmured before leaving the memorial.
In the castle’s garden, a fully armed contingent of castle guards led by General Steele awaited Eloise’s orders.
“General Steele, are all preparations in order?” Eloise scanned the elite force of a hundred soldiers known as the Draken Guardians.
These personal guards, cultivated within the castle, were chosen meticulously from the Black Dragon Army. Each member was not only exceptionally skilled but also unwaveringly loyal.
They were ready to sacrifice their lives for the castle without hesitation. Eloise was reluctant to deploy the Draken Guardians unless it was necessary.
“Yes, Your Highness. The Draken Guardians are assembled and ready for your command.” Jaxon lowered his head and nodded.
“The attempt on His Highness’s life was not by chance. Without internal assistance, the assassin couldn’t have infiltrated the castle undetected.
“The crisis within the castle remains unresolved. We must be vigilant!” Eloise declared.
###Chapter 1783 by Marina Vittori
“Your Highness suggests we root out the traitor?” Jaxon inquired.
“No, exposing the traitor and tracking the killer is Albert’s task. Your mission is even more critical,” Eloise said with seriousness.
She went on, “These years, the situation in West Lucozia has been unstable. With His Highness gone, the castle is vulnerable.
“I’ve gathered you, the Draken Guardians, to protect the castle. Whoever dares to plot against it, eliminate them without mercy!”
“I understand!” Jaxon replied. In times of crisis, extraordinary measures were necessary. With the prince gone, the castle faced imminent challenges.
“General Steele, you were a trusted aide to His Highness and are a pillar of our castle. It’s up to you now,” Eloise said solemnly.
“I am willing to sacrifice everything to safeguard the castle,” Jaxon declared, fully aware of his responsibility.
The prince’s assassination placed the blame squarely on him as the captain of the royal guards. Were it not for the castle’s current staffing requirements, he would undoubtedly have sought redemption through his own sacrifice.
“General Steele, I’ve sealed the news. His Highness’s death is known to only a few. Be vigilant. Most people offering condolences are likely to have ill intentions.
“Apprehend anyone acting suspiciously,” Eloise commanded once more.
“I understand.” Jaxon nodded. The news of the prince’s demise would inevitably spread, and those with malicious motives would soon approach.
In the western city stood an antiquely adorned old mansion. Dustin had just woken up to find a dozen young girls waiting outside.
Each was exceptionally beautiful, resembling contestants in a beauty pageant.
“Didn’t I tell you to go home? Why are you all still here?” Dustin was perplexed. These girls, rescued from the Hero Alliance the previous night, had been sent home with a generous sum. Surprisingly, half of them chose to stay.
“We have no homes to return to, sir. Please, shelter us,” a bold girl in yellow pleaded.
“Shelter?” Dustin was puzzled.
Grace approached suddenly and said, ” Dustin, my brother, these are all unfortunate souls. Why not take them in?”
Their current cover story portrayed them as brothers and sisters. In public, they must still have played along with this charade.
“What are you up to?” He pulled her aside, questioning her in a hushed tone.
“Dustin, their parents were murdered, and they have no relatives left. They are truly homeless. Most of them are underage.
“After going through such dark experiences, they can only trust you now. If you don’t take them in, they might lose the will to live,” Grace persuaded.
“I’m dealing with enough trouble already. I don’t have the energy for this. Are you trying to complicate things for me?” Dustin furrowed his brows.
Rescuing and providing financial help was already a significant effort for him with his current situation.
###Chapter 1784 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin, I understand you’re dealing with a lot right now. But before you make any decisions, let me finish,” Grace said with a smirk.
She went on, “These girls trust you completely. If you take them in, it could be beneficial for you in many ways. You know, when you’re feeling lonely or … Well, you get the idea.”
“Hey! No jokes. Get to the point!” Dustin retorted impatiently.
“Alright, I’ll get straight to it,” Grace said, her tone turning serious.
She added, “Logan, these girls are exceptional. I’ve screened them, and each one is intelligent, resilient, and will become remarkable individuals with a bit of nurturing.”
“What do you mean?” He squinted.
“I believe you understand the importance of undercover agents, especially female ones. They possess unique advantages in certain aspects.
“If you train these girls as undercover agents, it could be a significant asset,” she explained.
“Easy for you to say. Training an undercover agent takes a lot of time and effort. I’m struggling as it is, and I don’t have the luxury for this.” Dustin shook his head.
In reality, he hoped these girls could lead a peaceful life rather than being used as pawns.
“Loyalty is crucial for undercover agents, and they already have it. You saved them and became their beacon of light in their dark world. They see you as a god-like figure.
“As for time and effort, don’t worry. You don’t need to teach them yourself. Find a good mentor for them. Rodrigo, the guy around you, seems suitable,” Grace suggested with a slight smile.
“Is this all your idea? Have you asked them about it?” he asked.
“Of course, I asked. They’re all willing. They’re even willing to sacrifice their lives for you when necessary,” she replied.
“They’ve had enough hardship. Why put them through this?” Dustin furrowed his brows.
“Logan, some people, despite their dark circumstances, aspire to be the light. Why not ask them yourself and hear what they have to say?” Grace said mysteriously.
“Please, sir, accept us. We’re willing to do anything!” The girl in yellow suddenly kneeled on the ground.
“Please, sir, accept us!” The other girls followed suit, showing sincerity.
“Do you know what you’re getting into? “Dustin asked coldly.
“We do. We’re willing to be pawns for you,” the girl in yellow said.
“You’re grateful. I get it, but I don’t want to endanger you. This is a one- way road. Once you step on it, there might be no turning back. You deserve a good life, not risking your lives.” Dustin shook his head.
As an undercover agent, they were destined to linger in the shadows, treading on thin ice every day and burdened by constant anxiety.
A momentary lapse could have led to dire consequences. The strain and torment of that life were challenges that exceeded the resilience of an ordinary person.
“Sir, our parents are dead, and our families have been wiped out. We have nothing left. If our worthless lives can help you achieve greatness, it’s our honor and privilege,” the girl in yellow said.
“Think it through. Some things are not as simple as you imagine.” Dustin shook his head again.
“Sir! We’ve thought it through! Our lives are worthless, and we can help you in the dark and aid those who are suffering.
“We aspire to create a world where justice prevails, where those in power exercise responsibility. And most importantly, where innocent girls are spared from the horrors of losing their homes and lives!
“This is not just our wish; it’s the vision we strive for in the days to come. We sincerely hope for your acceptance, kind sir!” The girl in yellow became emotional and knocked her head hard on the ground.
“Please accept us, sir!”
###Chapter 1785 by Marina Vittori
The other girls bowed and kneeled. Their sincerity was evident in the gesture. As Dustin observed the scene, he was momentarily stunned. The words spoken by the girl in yellow carried a profound impact.
He hadn’t expected that, after enduring such traumatic experiences, these girls weren’t merely concerned about their own situations.
But they were contemplating the fate of all vulnerable groups worldwide. Their noble aspirations and heightened awareness resonated deeply, even touching Dustin deep in his heart.
In alignment with Grace’s earlier insight, these young women were forced into the darkness but still harbored aspirations to be the light. Their exceptional courage was genuinely commendable.
Who claimed women fall short of men? In the domain of true righteousness, these female heroes stood tall, contributing noble deeds to uphold their share of the world.
With such a group of virtuous fighters, how can West Lucozia not thrive? How could the world not find its equilibrium?
“Dustin, make a decision. If you don’t take them in, they won’t have a hope to live.” Grace urged earnestly.
“Will you regret your choice?” Dustin asked seriously.
“Never!” all the girls replied unanimously.
“Good! I take you all in,” he said earnestly.
He went on, “Starting today, I’ll arrange special training for you. If you can endure it, I’ll do my best to help you achieve your aspirations. If not possible, find a place to live peacefully.”
“We won’t let you down, sir!” the girl in yellow affirmed.
“We won’t let you down, sir!” the other girls echoed. Raven nodded and looked at Grace. “I’ll leave them to you for now. I’ll make more comprehensive arrangements for their next location tomorrow.”
“No problem,” Grace said with a slight smile as she led the group of girls away. As they left, Rodrigo rushed in anxiously, looking flustered as if something terrible had occurred.
“Your Highness! Bad news!” Rodrigo exclaimed, his eyes welling with emotion.
“There’s been a disturbance at the castle. His Highness was attacked by assassins and has succumbed to his death.”
“What?” Dustin was thunderstruck, rooted in place.
After a moment, he snapped back to reality, grabbing Rodrigo angrily. ” What nonsense are you spouting? The castle is heavily guarded by skilled fighters. Rufus couldn’t possibly be assassinated!”
“Your Highness, I can’t believe it either, but this information came from inside the castle.
I’ve double-checked, His Highness… – He really was assassinated,” Rodrigo said, his voice trembling as tears welled in his eyes.
“No, it’s impossible, absolutely impossible!” Dustin kept shaking his head. “Rufus was a master strategist and was always able to escape danger. How could he possibly die?”
“It’s remnants of the Dragon Guard! They assassinated him!” Rodrigo said, full of grief and anger.
“The Dragon Guard … It’s the Dragon Guard again!” Dustin gritted his teeth, his mouth almost breathing fire.
“I swear I’ll tear them apart into a million pieces!”
###Chapter 1786 by Marina Vittori
At this moment, Dustin’s eyes burned with determination. His eyes reflected a silent resolve. Though once estranged from his father, the passage of time had woven a deeper comprehension of the choices he made.
Particularly upon learning of his father’s deteriorating health and limited time, any residual discord had gracefully dissipated.
His singular aspiration now was to address the concerns surrounding the Dragon Guard. Then, in his father’s remaining days, he would do his duty as a son with utmost sincerity. 3
Unexpectedly, a tragedy struck, and now his father fell victim to an assailant before their reunion. This sudden and devastating event left him profoundly shaken.
“Celestial Blade!” Dustin roared in a burst of emotion, beckoning the Celestial Blade to his side, readying himself for the challenges outside.
Fueled by the profound grief of the loss of his father, he was determined to eradicate every remnant of the Dragon Guard.
“Your Highness! Please calm down!” Seeing Dustin on the brink of emotional turmoil, Rodrigo quickly stepped in, halting his advance.
In a somber tone, he advised, “The Dragon Guard is well-prepared. Charging out recklessly won’t bring justice for your father. It might only put you in harm’s way.”
“Step aside!” Dustin’s eyes blazed with anger as the Celestial Blade’s edge pressed against Rodrigo’s neck. There was a sharp cut, creating a small wound where blood trickled out.
“Your Highness! Even if you kill me, I must stop you. I cannot watch you head straight to death!” Rodrigo declared.
“His Highness is gone, and you cannot afford any mishaps. Our efforts will be in vain if you jeopardize yourself.”
Rodrigo bravely stood in front of Dustin, ready to face the consequences.
Dustin clenched his teeth, his sword trembling mildly. After a few tense moments, Dustin took a deep breath and lowered the blade. Rodrigo was right; he needed to remain calm.
With Rufus dead, the castle was undoubtedly in a state of chaos.
The remnants of the Dragon Guard would likely make their move. Losing his composure now would hinder his revenge and put him in danger.
To neutralize the remnants of the Dragon Guard, he understood the importance of restraint.
The timing was crucial-waiting for the opportune moment when the vulnerabilities of the Dragon Guard would reveal themselves. Only then would he unleash a precise and decisive strike.
“What’s the situation at the castle now?
“Dustin asked with a stern tone.
“The castle is on lockdown, only allowing entry, not exit. They’re probably searching for the traitor,” Rodrigo replied solemnly.
“His Highness’s death was too sudden. The assassins couldn’t have infiltrated the castle so easily without an inside connection.”
“Who do you think the traitor could be? “Dustin inquired.
“It’s hard to say,” Rodrigo shook his head. “For the assassins to infiltrate the castle, the traitor must have significant authority.
“Everyone from the castle steward Albert to the captain of the royal guards, Jaxon, and even lower-ranked officers is under suspicion.”
“What about Eloise?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“Her Highness?” Rodrigo’s eyes constricted. Then, he quickly denied, “Highly unlikely. If she were the traitor, she would have struck long ago.
“Besides, as the eldest princess of Dragonmarsh, she has no motive, both publicly and privately, to do such a thing.”
“I guess I’m letting my imagination run wild.” Dustin nodded.
Since the betrayal by Cinna, he couldn’t help but harbor suspicion toward everyone. Even though he knew Eloise was the least likely culprit, he still couldn’t shake off the habit of thinking the worst.
“Rodrigo, can you arrange a disguise for me so that I can infiltrate the castle? I want to see him one last time,” Dustin suddenly requested.
“This…” Rodrigo furrowed his brow, hesitating. He feared that Dustin might lose control, creating more problems.
“Don’t worry, I’ve regained my composure. I know what to do. I just want to go in and take a look. I won’t expose my identity,” Dustin assured solemnly.
###Chapter 1787 by Marina Vittori
“Alright, I’ll set you up with a guard’s identity. But before you head in, you’ll need to change your appearance,” Rodrigo finally conceded.
Though it came with some risk, it was better than doing nothing. At noon, inside West Lucozia Castle, news of Rufus’s death had been sealed off.
But many officials still gathered upon hearing it. Some came to offer condolences with heavy hearts, while others had different motives.
“The Grand General of the Supreme State has arrived!”
“The Grand General of the Sentinel has arrived!”
Two shouts echoed from the entrance. And two middle-aged men in combat gear, each leading a troop of soldiers with menacing swords at their waists, swaggered in. These soldiers looked fierce and had an evil glint in their eyes.
Everett Caide and Shane Gilby, holding the ranks of Grand General of the Supreme State and Grand General of the Sentinel, respectively, entered grandiosity.
“Generals, you must disarm before entering the castle,” a castle guard told Everett and Shane, bowing respectfully.
“Humph! I’ve never taken off my combat gear when going out. Get lost!” Everett sneered.
“General Caide, it’s a rule of the castle. Please comply,” the castle guard insisted.
“Rule? Screw your rules!” He slapped the guard’s face, scoffing, “Who do you think you are? Daring to use rules to suppress me? Are you tired of living?”
“General Caide, I am just following orders.” the castle guard stood firm.
“Quit the damn nonsense. Get out of my way, or I’ll chop off your head!” Everett drew his sword, holding it at the guard’s neck, looking extremely domineering.
“Even if you chop off my head, you still have to follow the rules.” The castle guard remained unyielding.
“You damn dog! I bet you won’t give up until you see the gallows!” Everett was enraged. He raised his sword and slashed at the guard’s arm.
“Stop!”
A sharp rebuke echoed, and Eloise, dressed in simple black attire, accompanied by Jaxon and others, rushed over.
“Everett! How dare you draw your sword in the castle? Have you no respect for the castle rules?” Eloise rebuked angrily.
“Your Highness.” Everett quickly sheathed his sword, bowing slightly, and then forced a smile.
“Your Highness, I was just joking. How could I actually intend harm?”
“Joking?” She snorted, “If I had arrived a moment later, that guard’s arm might already be severed!”
“Your Highness, I was just teasing this young fellow. I had no intention of hurting him.” Everett grinned insincerely.
“Yeah, Your Highness, Everett here has a peculiar temperament. Please don’t take it to heart,” Shane, who had been watching from the sidelines, finally spoke up.
“General Gilby is here too.”
Eloise glanced around, coldly saying, Two generals, clad in combat gear, armed with swords, brazenly broke into the castle. Are you planning a rebellion?”
With this statement, Everett and Shane’s expressions instantly changed.
###Chapter 1788 by Marina Vittori
Everett’s and Shane’s expressions instantly changed at those words. Their initial intention to display authority now clashed with Eloise’s unexpected assertiveness, immediately casting them as rebels.
The potential consequences of such a charge were severe, and leaving the castle gates alive would be doubtful.
Shane hastened to explain, “Your Highness, please don’t joke. It’s an exaggeration to call it a rebellion. Even if you give us the courage, we wouldn’t dare undertake such a thing!”
“Exactly, our loyalty to His Highness has always been unwavering. Why would we commit treason?” Everett added.
Though both harbored a hint of ambition, it was clear they were not ready to reveal it openly. At least, the timing wasn’t right.
“If you’re not planning a rebellion, why come armed? Don’t you understand the rules?” Eloise scolded mercilessly.
They were just two second-rate generals, relying on military power yet daring to act insolently within the castle. When His Highness was alive, would they have dared to be so audacious?
“Oh! My apologies. I forgot about the castle rules.” Everett chuckled, then removed his gear and handed his sword to the castle guard.
He went on, “We came in a hurry and didn’t think much. It was an oversight, but Your Highness has a big heart, and I believe you won’t mind.”
“We rushed here and didn’t consider much. It was unintentional, Your Highness, and I believe you won’t hold it against us.” Shane smiled, promptly removing his gear and sword.
Eloise’s expression slightly eased at their actions, though her tone remained cold. “Why did the two generals suddenly come? What is the purpose?”
“We heard about the attempt on His Highness’s life, so we came to inquire after his health.” Shane pretended to be concerned.
“Your information is accurate but late, “Eloise replied coldly.
“Late? What do you mean?” Both acted confused.
Eloise didn’t bother explaining. She turned and walked away, heading straight for the memorial hall.
Though there was no commotion outside the castle, the white flags and her simple black dress attire made it clear something had happened.
These two were obviously pretending to be ignorant. She had no patience for their nonsense.
“Let’s go, follow her, and see.” Everett and Shane exchanged a glance, then followed Eloise into the memorial hall.
Inside the hall, several people were still kneeling. Rufus’s body lay peacefully in the coffin.
Upon entering the hall, Everett and Shane felt slightly relief. They had only received the news before and couldn’t confirm it. Now, seeing it with their own eyes, they could finally put their anxious hearts to rest.
Of course, although relieved, they had to maintain appearances.
“What? His Highness is dead? How could this happen?” After seeing the portrait, Everett exaggerated his expression, feigning grief.
“His Highness was blessed and destined for greatness. How could he die?”
With that, Everett suddenly threw himself at the coffin, starting to wail dramatically. “Your Highness! How tragic it is for you!
“It’s all because I arrived too late to save you, failing to protect your safety. I’m truly ashamed!
“Your Highness! You’re still the lord of the castle and the ruler of West Lucozia. How can you leave us like this? Your Highness, wake up, wake up!” Everett continued his display, shedding not a single tear.
It was an act; the performance was too apparent. Eloise watched coldly, showing no reaction.
“Your Highness! You will be remembered fondly!”
###Chapter 1789 by Marina Vittori
Shane exclaimed loudly as he fell to his knees, bowing. His eyes welled with tears, looking like he was in pain at just having lost a loved one.
Although it was an act, it was much more convincing than Everett’s.
“General Rhys of the Iron Stallion Cavalry has arrived!” Right then, they heard a loud announcement from the door.
Following closely, a heroic-looking, middle-aged man walked in imposingly. He carried various weapons with him and was clad in golden armor.
This person was none other than the Iron Stallion Cavalry’s first-ranking Grand General-Julius Rhys!
Julius Rhys was not only the Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry but also Rufus’ cousin.
From a young age, he excelled in both the literary and martial arts, displaying exceptional talent in various aspects.
If not for Rufus’ existence, he would have been the Rhys family’s most outstanding genius.
Unfortunately, in the face of an unparalleled hero like Rufus, even the most formidable talents would pale in comparison.
“Greetings, Grand General Rhys!”
Upon seeing Julius, both Everett and Shane dropped their affected demeanor and bowed respectfully.
Both of them held influential positions due to Julius’ support and were his most trusted generals. Similar to the dynamics between Rufus and Jaxon, they went through triumphs and challenges together.
“Rufus!” Julius ignored his two trusted aides and dropped to his knees as soon as he entered the funeral hall. With reddened eyes and trembling lips, his expression was a mix of sorrow and resentment.
“How could this happen? How could Rufus have died? Who did this?” Julius roared in anger.
“It was the remnants of the Dragon Guard. They sent assassins to infiltrate the castle and assassinated Rufus last night.” Eloise’s face showed a mix of emotions.
“The Dragon Guard?”
Julius gritted his teeth in anger and roared, “Guards! Gather all the troops and search the entire city. We must capture the killers and bring them to justice!”
“Wait!” Eloise stopped him.
“Julius, I know you’re deeply saddened, but we can’t afford to escalate things right now.”
“My brother is already dead! There’s no more reason to be afraid! The killers must pay for what they have done!” Julius exclaimed in anger.
“It is because Rufus has passed away that we need to remain calm!”
Eloise’s expression was grave. “The situation within West Lucozia is not stable yet. Once news of Rufus’ death spreads out, it will inevitably have a huge impact and potentially even trigger a war.
“West Lucozia will be plunged into chaos by then.”
“Then what should we do? We can’t just let the killer go free, can we?” Julius was indignant.
“I’ve already sent Albert to investigate.
You don’t need to worry about it.”
Eloise shook her head and continued, ” You command half of West Lucozia’s military forces as the Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry.
“What we need from you now is to stop the internal strife and stabilize the situation.”
“Eloise! The Black Dragon Army only obeys Rufus’ orders. Even though I am the Grand General in title, I won’t be able to mobilize the Black Dragon Army without the military insignia.
“It might be difficult for me to deal with any trouble that arises.” Julius looked troubled.
“That’s right, Your Highness. I think it would be better to entrust the insignia to Grand General Rhys. It would ensure the security of the castle,” Shane echoed.
“Indeed. It is said that a nation cannot be without a leader for a day, and an army cannot be without a commander for a day.
“Now that His Highness has departed, only Grand General Rhys is fit to take on the role of Grand Marshal!” Everett stated in a meaningful tone.
Watching the pair, it suddenly dawned on Eloise that they came not to offer their condolences but to seize power!
###Chapter 1790 by Marina Vittori
“The Grand Marshal of the West Lucozian army plays an important role. We need to conduct an internal vote and report to the royal family to decide on a successor.
“Ultimately, the final decision lies with the royal family. It’s not something we can decide on our own,” Eloise said, evidently wary against them.
She initially assumed Julius had arrived due to his familial ties with Rufus. However, a few words from Everett and Shane made her realize that the situation was more complex than she had thought.
Julius’ reputation in the Black Dragon Army was second only to Rufus. As the Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry, he had numerous trusted aides and commanded half of the military might.
With Rufus’ demise, Julius was undoubtedly the primary beneficiary.
What caught Eloise’s attention was Julius’ unmistakable display of ambition. His eagerness to seize power immediately after Rufus’ death raised suspicions about his true intentions.
Eloise even contemplated the possibility that they had colluded with the remnants of the Dragon Guard, contributing to Rufus’ death.
If that were the case, the consequences would be unimaginable once Julius gained full control of the military.
“Your Highness, urgent situations demand swift action. Given the current situation, there’s no time to wait for the royal family’s decision. We must expedite the process to bring stability!” Everett emphasized.
“That’s right!” Shane nodded, agreeing with Everett.
“Without a general leading the army, there would be a lack of order among the troops. The royal family is unaware of the situation and won’t be able to make a timely decision. We must take control to not give our enemies an opportunity!”
“Even if we don’t report to the royal family, an internal vote is necessary to gain the support of the troops,” Eloise added.
“A vote? Is that even necessary? Who else is more fitting to be the Grand Marshal other than Grand General Rhys?” Everett stated.
“That’s right, Your Highness! In terms of achievements, prestige, qualifications, and military prowess, no one is comparable to Grand General Rhys except for His late Highness.
“The title of Grand Marshal undoubtedly belongs to Grand General Rhys!” Shane insisted.
“I still think it’s too hasty. We can defer the selection of the next Grand Marshal for a more appropriate time.
“Let’s first resolve the troubles within the castle before discussing it further.” Eloise tried to change the subject.
She had to admit that Julius was indeed the second most influential person within the Black Dragon Army after Rufus.
However, if he was truly conspiring with the remnants of the Dragon Guard, his appointment as Grand Marshal could lead nefarious elements into the heart of the monarchy, posing a serious threat.
“The turmoil in the castle persists because there’s been a lack of authority to rein in the chaos. With Grand General Rhys taking command, who would dare act recklessly?” Shane asserted with a touch of arrogance.
“Precisely! With Grand General Rhys at the helm, we can promptly apprehend the culprit and avenge His late Highness.
“Simultaneously, we can restore stability to West Lucozia and deter any potential threats. It’s a flawless strategy!” Shane continued to commend Julius.
Eloise frowned as she watched them persist in their arguments. With Julius currently holding substantial power, she didn’t dare offend him either.
If he really decided to turn against them, no one would be able to stop him.
“Your Highness! Why are you still hesitating? If His late Highness were still alive, he would surely agree to this! “Everett began urging Eloise.
“Rufus just passed away. Let’s wait until after the funeral before deciding anything else,” Eloise said sternly.
“This matter can’t wait any longer! What if the remnants of the Dragon Guard attack again? Your life might be in danger!” Everett emphasized. 1
“That’s right, Your Highness! Right now, we can only rely on Grand General Rhys. We have no other option. You should come to a decision as soon as possible!” Shane added.
The two echoed each other, and their words carried a hint of threat. As for Julius, he remained silent, ignoring the fuss his subordinates were making.
With Rufus dead, there was no one left in West Lucozia who could restrain him.
“If the remnants of the Dragon Guard dare act, I will kill them all!” At that moment, a cold and stern voice suddenly rang out from the entrance of the funeral hall.
###Chapter 1791 by Marina Vittori
The crowd turned around and saw a young man dressed in all-black entering with a determined and solemn expression.
His very presence emitted a commanding aura that even those experienced on the battlefield, like Everett and Shane, adopted a serious demeanor. The newcomer was none other than Austin, Rufus’ youngest son.
Austin was born with a silver spoon in his mouth, living a pampered life that earned him the title of being West Lucozia’s top playboy.
However, over the past two years, Austin seemed to have undergone a remarkable transformation. He no longer spent his days in leisure, choosing instead to join the military and pursue excellence.
At first, everyone believed that Austin wouldn’t last more than three days in the military. After all, how could the pampered prince endure the hardships of the army?
Surprisingly, Austin not only endured but also excelled. In just two years, he rose from a common soldier to becoming the deputy general in the Black Dragon Army. Despite his privileged upbringing, his accomplishments were undeniably impressive.
Only then did people realize that Austin wasn’t merely a pampered playboy but a true military genius with outstanding talent.
“Austin, you’ve returned at last!” Eloise’s eyes welled with tears upon seeing her son. The suppressed sadness finally overwhelmed her.
“Mom, I know everything already. Don’t worry. Let me handle this.”
Austin assured his mother before directing his attention to Everett and Shane. “Generals, my father has just passed away. Is it appropriate for both of you to force your opinions here?”
“We…”
Everett exchanged a glance with Shane and awkwardly replied, “Your Highness, please don’t misunderstand.
“We’re just considering the bigger picture. We still need someone to take charge, or there will be numerous troubles.”
“That’s right, Your Highness. We’re only thinking of the greater good!” Shane added, feigning loyalty.
“The greater good?” Austin sneered, then shifted his gaze to Julius instead.
“Uncle Julius, don’t you have anything to say?”
“Rufus’ death deeply saddens me, but we cannot dwell in grief. The people of West Lucozia still need us.” While speaking, Julius approached the coffin and fixed his eyes on Rufus’ lifeless body.
His voice was choked with emotion as he said, “I believe my brother would want us to protect the castle and the people of West Lucozia.
“Though I may not match my brother’s skills, I hope to fulfill his wishes by contributing in my own way.”
Julius had chosen his words carefully, taking a righteous stance that made it difficult for others to dispute. He portrayed his intention to assume the position as a commitment to the well-being of West Lucozia’s citizens.
Anyone who opposed him would be perceived as harboring ill intentions and neglecting the people.
“Uncle Julius, while I agree with you, my father had already designated the new Grand Marshal before his passing. I’m afraid you’ll have to be disappointed,” Austin said calmly.
Julius frowned. “A decision has already been made? Who is it?”
“Your Highness, you don’t mean yourself, do you?”
Everett scrutinized him and continued sarcastically, “Forgive me for being rude. But despite your exceptional qualities, your qualifications, capabilities, and prestige still fall short of Grand General Rhys.
“If you assume the position of Grand Marshal, I’m afraid the people of West Lucozia won’t accept it!”
“I agree. I don’t have what it takes to assume the position of Grand Marshal, but there is someone who does!” Austin declared loudly.
“Oh? Who would that be?” Everett asked.
“The Rhys family’s Kirin, Logan Rhys!” Austin dropped a bombshell.
###Chapter 1792 by Marina Vittori
“Logan Rhys?” Austin’s declaration engulfed the scene with silence. Once upon a time, the Rhys family’s Kirin was renowned throughout the world.
However, he had disappeared ever since the turmoil in Aylka ten years ago. There had been no news of him since.1
Now, with his name suddenly brought up, everyone was astonished.
“Your Highness, is this a joke? His Highness, Prince Logan, is still missing. No one knows where he is. It’s utter nonsense to suggest him as the next Grand Marshal of West Lucozia!” Everett shrugged.
“That right, Your Highness. Let’s be practical. It’s better to rely on Grand General Rhys instead of pinning our hopes on Prince Logan,” Shane chimed in.
They had thought Austin was referring to himself, but he brought up someone who had been missing for ten years instead. It sounded like utter gibberish!
“With Father’s demise, Logan will definitely return. It would be perfectly reasonable for him to take up the position of Grand Marshal then!” Austin declared coldly.
“Your Highness, please forgive me for being blunt, but what if Prince Logan has already met his end out there?
“Are we going to leave the position of Grand Marshal of the West Lucozian army empty forever?” Everett retorted sarcastically.
“My brother is alive and well, so you do not need to worry about that,” Austin said.
“If he’s still alive, then where is he?
Why hasn’t he shown up?” Everett made a show of looking around.
“I’ve sent him a message. I trust that he will be back in time,” Austin replied.
“Your Highness, you’re not stalling for time, are you?”
Everett spoke meaningfully, “You should know that once news of His Highness, Prince Rufus’ death spreads, West Lucozia will be in turmoil.
“We don’t have the luxury of waiting for him. We must decide on someone who can stabilize the situation right now!”
“Exactly, Your Highness. We must prioritize the overall situation!” Shane advised seriously.
“To have Logan ascend to the throne was my father’s last wish. Are all of you trying to defy his wishes?” Austin’s gaze turned cold, and he gave off an imposing air.
Everett and Shane felt an inexplicable sense of guilt and turned their gazes to Julius. After all, the ultimate decision was in his hands.
“We will naturally comply with Rufus’ last wish, but what if Logan is unwilling to take on the throne?” Julius said impassively.
“Uncle Julius, you won’t need to worry about that. We’ll talk about this again after Logan’s return,” Austin stated firmly.
“We can wait, but the remnants of the Dragon Guard and the sovereigns may not have the same patience. If something were to happen, who would bear this responsibility?” Julius countered.
“If anything happens, I will take responsibility and resolve everything. Don’t worry about it, Uncle Julius,” said Austin.
“Very well! Since you’re so confident, I’ll wait and see what happens.”
Julius’ gaze grew cold. “I still have military affairs to attend to and need to take my leave. I’ll visit Rufus again tomorrow. Farewell.”
With that, he turned around and went straight out the door.
“Your Highness, Princess Eloise, Your Highness, Prince Austin, we’ll also take our leave.” Everett and Shane didn’t say anything more and turned to follow Julius.
“Austin, thank god you returned just in time. Otherwise, these people would have created a big disturbance!” Eloise said with a slight frown.
###Chapter 1793 by Marina Vittori
“Uncle Julius has harbored ambitions for years, lying low and waiting for the right moment.
“With Father’s sudden demise, he’ll undoubtedly seize this opportunity to consolidate his power. This matter is far from over,” Austin stated with a grave expression.
“You’re absolutely right. Even if they yielded publicly, they’ll resort to cunning schemes. We’re likely to face numerous challenges ahead,” Eloise sighed.
If Rufus had not met such an abrupt end, these individuals wouldn’t have dared to act so brazenly.
“If only Logan were here,” Austin lamented.
“Austin, your abilities are no less than Logan’s. I believe you can achieve what he accomplished as well,” Eloise encouraged.
“Mom, I’m aware of my abilities. In many aspects, I still fall short compared to Logan.” Austin shook his head.
“Don’t underestimate yourself!”
Eloise’s voice turned serious. “Your father has passed away. After the funeral, I’ll immediately report to the royal family for your ascension to the throne.
“You will be the Prince of West Lucozia. This is a weighty responsibility that you must bear!”
“Mom! The throne rightfully belongs to Logan. I’ve never thought about inheriting it. Only Logan is worthy of being named the Prince of West Lucozia!” Austin declared firmly.
“Austin! You can decline other responsibilities, but not this one!” Eloise exclaimed sternly.
“Do you realize how many people dream of holding this position? Once you miss out on it, you will regret it for life!”
“I won’t regret my decision. I’m not interested in power. I prefer a life of freedom rather than enduring the burdens Father faced.” Austin shook his head.
What was the use of being a Prince? It was a position that came with a multitude of troubles. He would rather live a carefree life and relish each day.
“Foolish son! Things are not as simple as you think. You were able to live freely before because of your father’s protection.
“Now that he’s gone, if you don’t assert your position, you’ll end up in misery!” Eloise spoke earnestly.
As the eldest princess of Dragonmarsh, she had grown up witnessing the political deceits and power struggles. Some individuals would go to any lengths, even betraying family, to pursue power.
That was the driving force behind her fear of her son meeting a tragic fate. It was also the reason she wished for him to claim the throne.
Real power lay only in one person’s hands; the rest was inconsequential. The winner had the last laugh, while the loser suffered misfortune.
“Mom, I understand your concerns, but I believe Logan is not driven by power and greed,” Austin asserted confidently.
“Austin, you can’t be entirely sure of that!”
Eloise grew anxious. “You shouldn’t gamble your life on Logan’s goodwill. Once you lose the gamble, it’ll be too late!”
“If Logan wanted to harm me, I would have been dead a long time ago. I would have never survived until today.”
Austin shook his head. “Besides, if Logan is really power-hungry, my fate would be the same even if I take the throne. Instead of fighting each other, it’ll be better for me to step back willingly.”
“Why are you so stubborn?” Eloise was frustrated.
“Mom, you should face reality. The rightful title of Prince of West Lucozia belongs to Logan!
We should be supporting his ascension instead of fighting internally. Otherwise, it will only play into the hands of the ambitious,” Austin said solemnly.
“I don’t know what more to say to convince you. You’ll come to understand in the future.” Eloise sighed, choosing not to press the matter further.
Her son was as stubborn as his father. Once they set their minds on something, it was pointless to change their stance.
Austin would likely only understand her well-intentioned advice through firsthand experience.
###Chapter 1794 by Marina Vittori
Meanwhile, at the castle gates, Julius and his entourage were walking out in haste. After they left the castle, Everett spoke up, “Grand General Rhys, Eloise, and her son are truly ungrateful. Are we simply going to let this matter slide?”
“Of course not, but we can’t act too overtly either. Most commanders of the Black Dragon Army are loyal to the monarchy.
“It won’t be advantageous for us to start a conflict,” Julius replied, his eyes narrowing.
“Then, what should we do?” Everett asked again.
“Since we can’t make a move openly, we’ll apply pressure on them discreetly.
Julius stated meaningfully, “Once turmoil erupts in West Lucozia, and the monarchy faces imminent danger, they’ll naturally realize who’s the true pillar of support for the monarchy!”
“I understand! I’ll arrange for people to stir up trouble immediately. When the people’s grievances peak and the monarchy can’t manage, you’ll emerge as their savior.
“At that moment, West Lucozia’s citizens will be grateful, naturally electing you as the new Prince of West Lucozia!” Everett caught on swiftly.
“Not bad, you’re pretty smart. When I ascend to the throne, the position of Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry will be yours.” Julius nodded with a smile.
Everett’s face brightened. “Thank you, Grand General Rhys!”
“Go ahead and take care of it. The sooner, the better. Make sure not to leave any traces,” Julius instructed.
“No problem! I’ll make sure to handle things with finesse.” Everett saluted and left promptly.
“Grand General Rhys, merely causing a disturbance might not be sufficient to shake the monarchy’s foundation. We need something impactful,” Shane reminded him.
“I’m well aware of that.” Julius nodded.
“I’ve been in the shadows for many years, cultivating a network of confidants. Almost half of the Eight Great Sovereigns are my people. Once I issue the order, they will rise without hesitation to assist me.”
“Seems like you’ve made early preparations. Forgive me for worrying too much.” Shane chuckled.
“No need to worry. Once I ascend to the throne, you won’t be overlooked,” Julius said with a smile.
“Thank you, Grand Gene-Oh, that’s not right. I should address you as Prince of West Lucozia now,” Shane corrected.
Julius laughed joyfully at Shane’s words.
“After enduring for 20 years, it’s finally my turn to ascend to the throne!” Julius was in high spirits, exuding confidence.
He believed in his ability to take on such a significant role since he possessed both literary and military talents. However, he had long been overshadowed by Rufus.
With Rufus gone, he saw no competition to claim the throne. He was determined to seize it no matter what!
Time passed swiftly, and night descended gradually upon the West Lucozian castle halls, wrapping them in an unusual silence.
Eloise, Austin, and a group of monarchy members lingered in the funeral hall, their hearts heavy with grief.
Throughout the day, the castle witnessed a continuous stream of visitors. From influential figures like Julius to modest officials, they paid their respects one after another.
Despite Eloise’s orders to keep Rufus’ demise a secret, news of the tragedy managed to circulate. Officials of all ranks were already aware of what had happened.
For a while, the entire bureaucratic landscape of West Lucozia was filled with an air of uncertainty and anxiety.
The passing of the Prince of West Lucozia, coupled with the absence of a clear successor, cast uncertainty over the future.
Even in the event of a new Prince’s ascent, there was a likelihood of the cards reshuffling, and the very foundation they had diligently laid out would be at risk of crumbling.
Panic and fear consumed them. How could they remain unaffected?
While many visitors conveyed condolences, their underlying motive was to gauge the political climate.
If the situation were indeed taking a turn for the worse, they would have to take a side as soon as possible.
###Chapter 1795 by Marina Vittori
That was the only way for the officials to maintain their current positions. Presently, the only person most qualified, capable, and powerful enough to succeed the Prince of West Lucozia was the Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry, Julius Rhys.
Firstly, being a Rhys, Julius was a legitimate member of the royal family, making his claim for the throne unquestionable.
Secondly, as the Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry, Julius commanded half of West Lucozia’s military forces, wielding significant power.
Thirdly, with years of accumulated strength, Julius possessed ample influence, prestige, and accomplishments to ascend to the throne. It wasn’t an exaggeration to claim that everyone expected Julius to succeed Rufus.
Right after offering their condolences, many officials rushed to the Grand General’s residence to pledge their loyalty.
These actions naturally didn’t escape the monarchy’s attention, but Eloise was in no state of mind to concern herself with such matters.
“Mom, you’ve been here all day. You should go back to your room and rest. Don’t overexert yourself,” Austin reminded her after seeing her worried and tired expression.
“Your father just passed away. How can I think of resting?” Eloise shook her head.
“Exactly! Because Father passed away, you should take better care of yourself.
“The monarchy is in turmoil and needs you, the princess, to take on the responsibilities. You absolutely cannot fall ill!” Austin advised sternly.
“But-” Eloise wanted to say more, but Austin interrupted her.
“Mom! Listen to me just this one time! Go back to your room and rest. You can come back tomorrow morning.”
Before Eloise could respond, Austin called for two female attendants and instructed, “Both of you, escort my mother back home and take good care of her.”
“Yes, Your Highness.” The attendants bowed, then helped Eloise up. Eloise stumbled as she got up since her legs had grown numb from sitting too long.
“Austin, you need to take good care of yourself too. Be careful,” Eloise cautioned.
“Don’t worry, I know what to do.” Austin nodded.
After seeing his mother off, he turned to the group behind him and instructed, “You should all head back as well. I’m going to stay back and keep watch here myself.”
The group looked at each other, uncertain of what to do.
Austin swept them a cold glance. ”
What? You’re not going to listen to me?
The group exchanged silent glances again before excusing themselves. Soon, only Austin and the monarchy’s guards were left in the funeral hall.
“Hey, you up there on the roof. You’ve been hiding up there for quite some time now. Don’t you think it’s time to show yourself?” Austin suddenly said.
All he heard was silence. There was no response.
“What? Do you want my men to bring you down forcefully?” Austin spoke again.
A few seconds later, a sudden breeze swept through the funeral hall, and a man dressed in a guard’s attire materialized in the hall.
“I didn’t think you’d be so perceptive. You actually noticed my presence.” The man was somewhat surprised.
“Who are you? You’ve got nerve infiltrating the castle.” Austin narrowed his eyes, his hand resting on his sword’s hilt.
His personal guards who were beside him became instantly vigilant, shooting fierce glances at Dustin.
Instead of speaking, the man took off his mask. Upon seeing the man’s face, Austin’s eyes widened, registering a look of astonishment.
###Chapter 1796 by Marina Vittori
“Logan?” Austin was stunned as he watched the man remove his mask, then his eyes lit up with joy. The man who infiltrated the castle was no stranger. It was Dustin, dressed in a guard’s attire.
“Austin, you’ve truly come far on your own. You can handle matters independently now,” Dustin praised, a glint of pride in his eyes as he observed his step-brother.
Having overheard Austin and Eloise’s entire conversation, Dustin appreciated Austin’s trust in him. He acknowledged Eloise’s concerns as well.
Throughout history, it wasn’t uncommon for siblings and family members to vie for power. Eloise’s protective instincts for her child were entirely justified.
“Logan, when did you return?” Austin asked.
“Just two days ago,” Dustin replied.
“Do you already know what happened to Father?” Austin’s voice trembled slightly. Dustin glanced at his father’s picture near his coffin and nodded in silence.
The last time they had met was back in Swinton a year ago. Little did they know that it would be their final farewell. Now, Dustin was standing in the funeral hall while Rufus lay inside the coffin. Life was truly unpredictable.
Dustin approached the casket and gazed at Rufus through the half-open lid. Rufus’ expression was peaceful, indicating a departure free from suffering.
For some reason, as Dustin looked at the face he once despised, a wave of sorrow engulfed him. If only he had returned to West Lucozia and met with his father sooner, perhaps things wouldn’t have turned out this way.
Why? How did it come to this? Dustin’s fists involuntarily clenched, and his eyes reddened.
“Logan, Father’s health had deteriorated over these two years. He relied solely on the panacea to sustain his life. The doctor said that Father suffered from Celestial Decay and was nearing his end.
“Rather than a decline into death, this outcome might be considered a form of liberation,” Austin said with his voice choked with grief.
“Have they caught the murderer?” Dustin turned around to ask him.
“Albert is investigating the matter.”
“How about the spy in the castle?”
Dustin asked again.
“We have a suspect, but with the uncertainty surrounding the current situation, I haven’t taken any drastic actions to avoid alerting them,” Austin said.
“Good job. Keep an eye on the spy for now. Once we expose the mastermind, we can apprehend them all at once.” Dustin nodded.
“Logan, since you’re back, things will be easier. Father always hoped that you would ascend to the throne. From today onward, you are the Prince of West Lucozia.
“I’ll fetch the royal seal and military insignia immediately!” Austin said, ready to leave, but Dustin raised his hand to stop him.
“Austin, I’m not interested in the throne. Besides, after being away from West Lucozia for ten years, I’m no longer the person I used to be. You are the rightful heir.”
“Logan, I’m aware of my abilities. I’m not fit to be the Prince of West Lucozia. On the other hand, you are the one who everyone expects to ascend to the throne.
“And you are the only one who can take up this responsibility!”
“Austin, you’re not weaker than me. As long as you put your heart to it, there’s nothing you can’t do,” Dustin insisted.
###Chapter 1797 by Marina Vittori
“I really can’t do it! Logan, the throne belongs to you!” Austin was growing anxious.
“Alright, that’s enough. We’ll talk about this later. With so much trouble we’re facing, our immediate priority is to resolve all these issues.” Dustin changed the subject.
“Logan, as long as you take charge and stabilize the situation, I will assist you wholeheartedly!” Austin said with utmost sincerity.
“I can’t show myself yet.”
Dustin shook his head and explained, ” Julius and his group are still unaware of my return, so they are not on high alert. I can react in time if they harbor any ill intentions.
“Not to mention, the remnants of the Dragon Guard are still lurking in the shadows. I need to find an opportunity to eliminate them all!”
“I see.”
Austin quickly grasped the situation and said, “I understand. I will act as the spokesperson of the monarchy while you unravel all the conspiracies.”
“Good, it’s settled then.” Dustin nodded.
“Oh, right. There’s this.” Austin suddenly took out a gold emblem and handed it to Dustin.
“This is my military badge. You’ll be able to command 800 of my death warriors with it. It should be of help during a crucial moment.”
Austin’s 800 death warriors were all the cream of the crop. Since the day he was born, his mother had trained them in secret, accumulating strength to prepare for unforeseen circumstances.
Twenty years later, these warriors had grown into a formidable force.
“Alright. I’ll hold onto the badge for now and return it to you later.” Dustin accepted.
Even though he had Grace’s support, it was still not enough to deal with the remnants of the Dragon Guard. With Austin’s army, both sides were finally on a level playing field.
“Austin!” Suddenly, they heard someone shout from the door.
Eloise had returned, hastily rushing into the funeral hall. Dustin immediately put on his mask and stood to one side, pretending to be a guard.
He could be honest with Austin because he trusted him as a brother, but he still didn’t trust Eloise fully.
“Mom, didn’t I tell you to go and rest? Why are you back?” Austin was puzzled.
“There’s trouble outside!”
Eloise entered the funeral hall with a grave expression. “I just received news that half of the Eight Sovereigns have declared their independence and won’t obey orders from the monarchy from now on!
“They’ve also assembled their armies, preparing for a direct confrontation with the castle!”
“What? Declared independence? How dare they?” Austin’s expression darkened.
“They’ve initiated a rebellion right after Father’s passing. Do they really think we’re easy targets? Mom, fetch me the military insignia. I’m going to lead the troops to suppress them personally!”
If it were just a minor disturbance, he might have overlooked it. However, with the Four Sovereigns declaring independence, it amounted to an open rebellion. It was an intolerable act!
“Absolutely not!” Eloise quickly stopped him.
“The Four Sovereigns each control significant military forces. Once a war breaks out, it will inevitably result in a devastating loss of life!
“Moreover, the Black Dragon Army must secure the major fortresses. If internal strife occurs, the Western savages will seize the opportunity to invade!
“When that happens, the whole West Lucozia will be plunged into dire straits!
“Then what should we do? Are we just going to let them trample on us? Austin frowned.
“I’ve already sent envoys to negotiate. We’ll try to appease them as much as possible. After your father’s funeral, you will ascend to the throne immediately as the new Prince of West Lucozia.
“If those people have any sense, they will naturally surrender,” Eloise stated.
“Mom, I don’t think things are that simple.” Austin shook his head. Contemplating, he said, “It shouldn’t be a coincidence that the Four Sovereigns are rebelling simultaneously.
“There must be someone manipulating them behind the scenes. They’re obviously trying to force us to stand down!”
###Chapter 1798 by Marina Vittori
“Are you suggesting that someone is inciting the simultaneous rebellion of the Four Sovereigns?” Eloise frowned.
“That’s right!”
Austin continued with a solemn expression. “Currently, only one person can make the Four Sovereigns obey orders in West Lucozia.”
“Julius!” Eloise blurted out.
“Uncle Julius is an ambitious man and is adept at scheming. He intends to force us to surrender the military insignia through the Four Sovereigns.”
Austin narrowed his eyes as he analyzed the situation. “If we refuse, the Four Sovereigns would start a rebellion, compelling us to deploy troops to quell the unrest.
“At that point, he will interfere and hinder our military campaign to ensure we fail. Once our military campaign fails, our prestige will be greatly damaged.
“When public outcry reaches its peak, he will emerge as the savior, rescuing the people from turmoil and subduing the Four Sovereigns successfully.
“By then, he will be hailed by the masses and become an uncrowned king. They say those who win the people’s hearts will win the world.
“The moment Julius achieves prestige similar to Father’s, he will naturally become the new Prince of West Lucozia.
“What a calculating man!” By the end of his analysis, Austin’s expression had turned exceptionally grave.
Julius’ strategy wasn’t a conspiracy; it was a well-thought-out plan. Even knowing the ins and outs of the situation, it was still challenging to unravel.
Such was the frightening aspect of a well-executed strategy!
“In that case, Julius must have planned this for a long time,” Eloise said with a frown.
“Now, how do we foil his plan? We can’t deploy the army, nor can we recruit enemy support. What should we do?”
“In my opinion, we must unite with the other Four Sovereigns, along with Father’s former subordinates, to compete with Julius,” Austin suggested.
“That makes sense.” Eloise nodded.
“I’ll send someone to invite the other Four Sovereigns immediately to discuss this matter together.”
“Mom, let me go personally. It’ll show our sincerity better that way.” Austin volunteered. It was crucial to obtain the other Four Sovereign’s support, and he needed to go in person for reassurance.
“Alright, be careful. If anything seems amiss, withdraw immediately,” Eloise cautioned.
She had to remain at the castle. In the current situation, only her son’s appearance would better persuade the other Four Sovereigns.
“I understand.” Austin nodded, then pointed to a few guards.
“You guys, come with me. Remember, don’t alert anyone.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” they responded.
Following Austin, they left discreetly through the castle’s secret passage, Dustin included.
There were spies everywhere, both inside and outside the castle, and walking through the main gate would undoubtedly alert them. After they left the castle, Austin found an inconspicuous car and headed northwest.
He was not worried about the few guards he brought with him leaking news since they were all close, loyal confidants he had grown up together with.
“Logan, where are you staying? Do you need me to send you home?” Austin asked when they were in the car.
“I’m not going back. I’ll accompany you tonight to meet the Four Sovereigns,” Dustin responded. With the current unpredictable situation, he was worried about sending Austin there alone.
“Alright, then, let’s resolve this together as brothers!” Austin gained confidence instantly. Since childhood, Dustin was always been his pillar of support. Whenever he got into trouble, his brother was the first person he sought. And every time, Dustin would save the day.
Even though they hadn’t seen each other for ten years, he knew deep down that his brother was still his brother. Nothing ever changed.
It was late at night at Summitville.
###Chapter 1799 by Marina Vittori
Summitville was a border town in West Lucozia. It was also the Marquis of Sunfire, Wyatt Mitchell’s territory. Wyatt was a military general and had fought alongside the Prince of West Lucozia for many years.
He achieved numerous merits and was later given the title Marquis of Sunfire, entrusted with guarding the border of West Lucozia. Over the years, he had been diligent and responsible in his duties.
Right then, a black SUV came to a stop at the entrance of the Marquis of Sunfire’s residence. Dustin, Austin, and a few other people stepped out of the vehicle.
“Logan, this is the Marquis of Sunfire, Wyatt Mitchell’s residence.”
Austin introduced Wyatt briefly.”
Wyatt is a loyal and valiant person and has been managing Summitville for many years. He is extremely dedicated in his work.”
“Who’s there sneaking around outside? “two guards standing at the entrance quickly noticed the anomaly and shouted.
Austin took the lead and approached them, presenting his identification badge. He declared calmly, “I am the Prince of West Lucozia’s second son, Austin Rhys.”
“Prince Austin?” Upon seeing his badge, the two guards were frightened and immediately got down on one knee.
“Please get up. There’s no need for the formalities.”
Austin put away his badge and continued, “I have an urgent matter to discuss with Sir Mitchell. Please let him know.”
“Right away, Your Highness! Please, wait a moment,” one of the guards responded and hurriedly ran inside.
Before long, a slightly portly middle- aged man clad in luxurious clothing walked out in haste, followed by a few men. The newcomer was none other than Wyatt Mitchell, the Marquis of Sunfire.
“Greetings, Uncle Wyatt.” Austin was the first to greet him. Although he was the Prince’s son, the person before him was a Lord and was a much more respectable figure than he was.
The fact that Wyatt came out to greet him was already a considerable show of respect.
“Austin, what brings you here at such a late hour?” Wyatt was puzzled.
“Uncle Wyatt, there’s been an incident involving the monarchy, and we need your help,” Austin said with a solemn expression.
“An incident? What happened?” Wyatt frowned.
Austin glanced around in silence.
“Come on in. We can talk inside.” Wyatt caught on immediately and invited Austin and his entourage inside.
They moved to the main hall, where Wyatt dismissed most of his men, leaving only a handful of confidants in attendance.
“Austin, can you share the details now? “Wyatt asked.
“Uncle Wyatt, let me explain…” Austin recounted the unfolding events. Wyatt’s expression shifted dramatically after hearing Austin.”
What? Prince Rufus was assassinated? And four of the Eight Sovereigns rebelling?”
“That’s right.” Austin nodded gravely.
“I had heard whispers about Prince Rufus’ assassination but dismissed it as baseless gossip. I can’t believe it’s true. “Wyatt frowned, and his expression hardened.
Rufus’ death would undoubtedly thrust West Lucozia into a state of turmoil.
“Uncle Wyatt, the situation is dire, and we earnestly seek your assistance!” Austin implored, rising and bowing deeply.
“I’m indebted to your father. Naturally, I won’t just stand idly by and do nothing in such circumstances. Whatever you require of me, just say the word,” Wyatt declared without hesitation.
“Great! With your support, we will definitely be able to overcome this challenge,” Austin exclaimed with a sense of relief.
He then outlined his plan to Wyatt in detail.
###Chapter 1800 by Marina Vittori
Austin’s plan was simple. The initial approach involved diplomacy before resorting to force, primarily focusing on persuasion and amnesty.
If the four rebelling sovereigns were willing to submit to the monarchy, they would be pardoned and their existing positions of power safeguarded.
However, if diplomatic efforts failed, they had to resort to force to suppress the rebellion. In that case, the monarchy would join forces with the other Four Sovereigns and West Lucozia’s allied powers to eliminate the traitors and quell the rebellion.
If war became inevitable, then a swift resolution would be their best option. After hearing Austin’s plan, Wyatt nodded solemnly and said, “The power and influence I have today were bestowed by your father.
“Whether it’s to deploy troops to quell the rebellion or offer my own life, I will not hesitate!”
“Uncle Wyatt, your commitment is deeply appreciated. With your support, we will certainly overcome this crisis!” Austin responded.
Offering more than mere words, Wyatt took out his military insignia and handed it over. “This is my marquis badge. With it, you can command the troops of Summitville at your discretion.”
Austin hesitated for a moment, not expecting Wyatt to hand over his insignia without hesitation. The act itself spoke volumes about Waytt’s loyalty.
“Don’t refuse. In times of urgency, extraordinary measures are necessary. My marquis badge will help your plans, “Wyatt insisted, pressing the insignia into Austin’s hands.
“Uncle Wyatt, your sense of duty is truly admirable!”
Expressing his gratitude, Austin affirmed, “Once we get through this hurdle, I’ll make sure to have a proper visit to convey my gratitude.”
“Alright, enough with the formalities. Time is of the essence. I won’t keep you here any longer. Go now.” Wyatt waved his hand.
“Farewell, Uncle Wyatt.” With a respectful bow, Austin left with his entourage. Their first stop of the night unfolded unexpectedly smoothly. In just half an hour, they secured Wyatt’s support and obtained a marquis badge to command his troops.
It would be great if they could maintain this momentum.
“It’s been years since I last saw Uncle Wyatt. Even though he’s doing better, his loyalty remains,” Austin mused as they left Wyatt’s residence.
“Rufus has been in control of West Lucozia for many years, earning the people’s respect. While a few ambitious individuals have lurked within, the majority are loyal and valiant,” Dustin remarked.
“You’re right. With Father’s authority, if he had continued to govern West Lucozia, there would have been lasting peace. What a pity .” Austin shook his head.
Whether it was Julius or the four rebelling sovereigns, West Lucoiza remained peaceful over the years due to their fear of their father.
Now that their father had passed away, these individuals had nothing left to fear, and their ambitions were beginning to surface.
“Where to next?” Dustin asked.
“Based on the optimal route, our next destination would be Quintonia to meet the Marquis of Ravenwood, Tyrus Storm,” Austin responded.
“Let’s go.” Dustin nodded. Without another word, they got into the car and left.
The Four Sovereigns each guarded a city and had substantial military forces under their command. In the past, they only answered to their father and no one else.
With Rufus’ demise, it would not be easy to persuade the Four Sovereigns to send their troops to quell the chaos, given their status.
Tonight was destined to be a sleepless night.
In the early hours of the morning, their vehicle entered Quintonia and finally stopped before the Marquis of Ravenwood’s mansion.
Tyrus Strom, the Marquis of Ravenwood, was also an influential figure. Having fought alongside Rufus in his youth, Tyrus was etched with scars that had earned him his current glory.
“Austin, I’m familiar with Tyrus. Unlike Wyatt, who is loyal and valiant, he’s more shrewd, with the mind of a savvy businessman. Convincing him to offer full support won’t be easy,” Dustin cautioned.
“Logan, I know what to do. I’ll do whatever it takes to persuade him,” Austin declared determinedly.
“Good. Execute your plan when the time is right.” Dustin nodded.
Austin approached the mansion and took out his identification badge, prompting a stir. Then, the guards swiftly ushered them inside.
Seated in the main hall, attendants graciously presented pastries and tea. After a brief wait, the Marquis of Ravenwood, Tyrus, finally entered wearing his pajamas.
“Oh, Your Highness, what brings you here?” Tyrus feigned surprise upon seeing Austin.
“Uncle Tyrus, my apologies for the early visit, but I have something urgent to discuss,” Austin apologized.
“Your Highness, are you facing difficulties?” Tyrus asked.
“Indeed, significant difficulties…” Austin proceeded to explain the entire situation in detail.
After listening, Tyrus was shocked.”
What? Prince Rufus was assassinated, and the Northern Four Sovereigns are rebelling? The situation is unexpectedly dire.”
“I wouldn’t have troubled you if the circumstances were different,” Austin stated.
“This is indeed a significant difficulty!” Tyrus grimaced. After thinking about it for a moment, he asked, “Your Highness, what is it that you require of me?”
“Uncle Tyrus, the Northern Four Sovereigns have shown ingratitude by openly rebelling. I’ve sent people to negotiate. If they’re willing to submit, all will be well.
“But if they remain stubborn, we must prepare for the worst. When that time comes, I hope you can deploy your troops and stand with the monarchy to quell the rebellion!” Austin bowed.
“I see “Hearing this, Tyrus wore a troubled expression.
“Your Highness, I’m getting old. I just want to live my remaining years peacefully. I’m afraid leading troops into battle is beyond my current capabilities.”
“Uncle Tyrus, with your reputation and the military strength at your disposal, you need not personally engage in the conflict.
“I only seek your support for the monarchy in suppressing the rebellion, “Austin compromised.
“Your Highness, it’s not that I’m unwilling to help. It’s just that war entails casualties, and my resources are limited.
“I have plans to secure the future for generations to come. Exhausting them now leaves me with nothing to pass down.” Tyrus shook his head.
“Uncle Tyrus, if West Lucozia falls into chaos, I’m afraid even Quintonia won’t escape unscathed.”
Austin continued solemnly, “Under the circumstances, everyone will be affected once trouble arrives.
“Your contribution won’t only be for the monarchy but also yourself and the peace of future generations!”
###Chapter 1801 by Marina Vittori
Austin’s words were powerful and filled with emotion. The potential chaos in West Lucozia would undoubtedly affect not only the Eight Sovereigns but also numerous high-ranking officials and millions of citizens.
They all grew up in West Lucozia, and it was where their roots were. That was why anyone with a sense of patriotism could never turn a blind eye.
“Your Highness, your reasoning is sound, but I’m a timid and cautious person. I tend to weigh the consequences carefully.
“What if my forces suffer heavy losses while quelling the rebellion? What happens then?” Tyrus appeared hesitant.
“Uncle Tyrus, I can assure you that if you incur any losses, we will compensate you twofold!” Austin declared earnestly.
He understood that Tyrus was seeking tangible benefits. After all, this was a gamble with his entire wealth, and the potential losses could be substantial. His actions seemed reasonable, given the circumstances.
“Your Highness, it’s not that I don’t trust you. But in matters like this, words alone may not suffice,” Tyrus said, sending a hint.
“Uncle Tyrus, feel free to ask for anything. I won’t refuse you as long as it’s within my means,” Austin asserted confidently, showcasing his sincerity.
“Very well. Your words have reassured me.”
Tyrus smiled faintly. “In truth, I don’t seek soldiers or wealth. My only concern is for my daughter. She’s 25 years old this year and hasn’t found a suitable match. It would be a blessing if she could marry you, Your Highness.”
“Marry me?” Austin raised his eyebrows in surprise.
“That’s right.” Tyrus nodded with a smile.
“My daughter, Danielle, may not be the most beautiful, but she possesses charm and intelligence. If you marry her, I believe you’ll gain an excellent companion.”
He possessed wealth and influence and only lacked supreme power. The recent demise of the Prince of West Lucozia made Austin the likely successor to the throne.
If his daughter married Austin, she would become the Princess of West Lucozia, elevating Tyrus’ status significantly. By then, he would be the strongest among the Eight Sovereigns.
“Uncle Tyrus, I don’t exactly have the best reputation. I’m afraid it might be unfair for your daughter,” Austin said tactfully.
“Your Highness, your talents in both literary and military affairs are exceptional. My daughter has admired you for a long time. Marrying you would be an honor for her.”
Tyrus continued earnestly, “Once our families are united through marriage, we will stand together through thick and thin.
“Regardless of the challenges the monarchy faces, I will offer my assistance wholeheartedly, even if it means sacrificing my life or risking my entire fortune!”
“I .” Austin frowned slightly, unsure of how to respond. Tyrus’ conditions had exceeded his expectations.
“Your Highness, since Sir Storm is unwilling to support us, perhaps we should consider other options,” Dustin whispered. Although Tyrus’ assistance was crucial, Dustin didn’t wish to gamble away his brother’s happiness.
“Your Highness, please take your time to think about it. I’m not forcing you,” Tyrus said with a shrug.
“There’s no need for that. I agree!” After a moment of contemplation, Austin finally nodded.
“Can I take your word for it?” Tyrus’ eyes lit up.
“I may not be a gentleman, but I’m a man of my word,” Austin said solemnly.
“This is great! I admire your commitment, Your Highness!” Tyrus exclaimed. “Let’s not delay any longer. To enhance our cooperation, how about we formalize the engagement now?”
###Chapter 1802 by Marina Vittori
“Someone, bring me some paper and pen!” Tyrus was impatient and immediately ordered his men to bring him these materials to establish a marriage contract.
After all, an opportunity like this was extremely rare. Once his daughter married into the monarchy and became the future princess, his grandchildren could possibly become the next Prince of West Lucozia.
This gamble was advantageous to him, no matter how he saw it. It would bring him unprecedented wealth and power.
“Wait! Your Highness, this is a major life event. You must think about it carefully,” Dustin reminded Austin.
“Hmm?” Tyrus frowned, feeling displeased.
How dare a mere guard voice their opinion? He should be well aware of his place! Tyrus would have disciplined him much earlier if it had been his men.
“It’s fine. I’ve already made a decision.”
Austin smiled at Dustin and said, ” Uncle Tyrus’ daughter is a beautiful and intelligent woman. I consider myself fortunate to be able to marry her. How could I possibly refuse such a generous offer?”
“Your Highness, you have a discerning eye!” Tyrus praised him.
“Your Highness…”
Dustin was about to speak when Tyrus interrupted him sternly, “The nerve! How dare you interfere in your master’s affairs? Show some respect!”
Dustin narrowed his eyes, ready to retort, when Austin raised his hand to stop him. “Alright, that’s enough. I’ve made my decision.”
Without hesitation, Austin put down his signature on the marriage contract.
Dustin sighed, feeling a twinge of distress. His younger brother had matured, considering the broader implications of his decisions. It was a level of maturity that Dustin believed surpassed even his own.
“Uncle Tyrus, with the marriage contract in place, I hope you can fulfill your promise,” Austin said.
“Don’t worry, Your Highness. We’re family from now on. No matter the challenges the monarchy faces, I will offer my assistance!” Tyrus promised as he patted his chest.
“Thank you, Uncle Tyrus. I have other matters to attend to, so I’ll be taking my leave now,” Austin said.
“Have a safe journey, Your Highness!” Tyrus smiled and personally escorted Austin out.
Dustin removed his mask when they got in the car and left the mansion. He sighed and said, “Austin, you didn’t have to sacrifice yourself. We could have found another way.”
“Logan, you and Father have protected me my whole life. It’s time for me to stand on my own.”
Austin flashed a playful smile. ” Besides, I’m more than happy to marry a beautiful woman. This is hardly a sacrifice.”
Throughout history, noble families often engaged in intermarriages to strengthen their influence for mutual benefits and provide support for each other.
Even though he was the son of the Prince of West Lucozia, Tyrus’ daughter also held an esteemed status, making them a suitable match.
“Alright, Logan, don’t overthink it. Our current focus is on quelling the rebellion. We can discuss future matters at a later time,” Austin said with a smile.
Dustin nodded and changed the topic. ” Are we going to Southvista to meet the Marquis of Silvercrest next?” 1
“That’s right!” Austin confirmed.
“The Marquis of Silvercrest is the most influential among the Southern Four Sovereigns. However, he’s also the most challenging to deal with. Our plan’s success hinges on the Marquis of Silvercrest, Elijah Valor!”
###Chapter 1803 by Marina Vittori
Dustin and Austin opted to skip sleep, and the following morning, they swiftly arrived at Southvista. This territory belonged to Elijah Valor, the Marquis of Silvercrest.
It was renowned for having the largest military force and the strongest economy among the Southern Four Sovereigns.
However, Elijah was a stubborn and unpredictable man. There were instances where he showed no respect, even to Rufus. This unpredictability made Austin doubtful about convincing him.
“Logan, we’ve arrived at the Marquis of Silvercrest’s residence,” Austin informed as they, along with a few others, disembarked from the car.
“It’s been two days. We can’t keep your absence from the castle under wraps much longer. We need to speed up our efforts,” Dustin reminded.
“I understand.” Austin nodded.
“Elijah might not be easy to deal with, but he’s not entirely without integrity. With the right incentives and an emotional appeal, we should be able to convince him.”
Dustin nodded. “Alright, let’s head in.”
Austin adjusted his attire and refreshed himself before approaching the mansion. He then identified himself to the guards and, as expected, gained a smooth entry.
However, unlike previous encounters, they were directed to Elijah’s personal training ground instead of the main hall.
It was common knowledge that Elijah was a martial enthusiast. He personally led the training of his troops on a regular basis, resulting in a formidable and well-trained force.
“Your Highness, Lord Valor is currently training inside. Please, head in,” a guard said. He led them to the entrance of the training ground before leaving.
As they entered, they noticed a muscular middle-aged man in the center of the arena, engaged in a sparring session with several elite guards.
Wielding a long spear, the middle-aged man exuded a commanding presence.
His spearplay demonstrated a blend of agility and dominance, effortlessly pushing back the elite guards armed with swords and shields that surrounded him.
These elite guards were the cream of the crop from the monarchy, trained to fight as a cohesive unit. They were capable of taking on a hundred enemies on their own.
Despite their exceptional skills, the middle-aged man showcased his overwhelming strength as he effortlessly repelled their advances. That man was none other than Elijah Valor, the Marquis of Silvercrest.
“His technique is impressive!” Austin was visibly astonished as he observed Elijah closely.
Elijah’s spearplay was devoid of unnecessary movements, appearing both straightforward and unpredictable. It embodied a perfect balance of battlefield might and sophisticated finesse, nearing perfection.
“It is indeed quite remarkable.” Dustin nodded in agreement, casting an admiring glance.
Elijah’s skills had reached the pinnacle of a Grandmaster’s, making him one of the top ten martial practitioners in West Lucozia.
Despite receiving the title of marquis, Elijah remained steadfast in his dedication to martial arts. He showcased exceptional willpower, mental resilience, and determination beyond ordinary standards.
“Warrior’s Cascade!” After demonstrating his prowess, Elijah suddenly roared, grabbing the spear’s end with one hand.
He then swept it around himself, knocking down the elite guards in all directions.
###Chapter 1804 by Marina Vittori
Only Elijah remained standing after his spear completed its sweeping motion.
“You are all becoming increasingly incompetent. From now on, you need to practice diligently. Do you understand?” Elijah reprimanded the guards.
“Yes, sir!” The guards responded while on their knees.
“Alright, you can all leave now.” Elijah waved, signaling the guards to depart. Only then did he turn his attention to Austin and his entourage.
“Uncle Elijah, your spear technique is truly exceptional. No one in West Lucozia comes close. It’s admirable,” Austin said as a way of greeting.
“Your Highness, I’m certain your presence holds a purpose after such a long journey. What instructions do you have for me?” Elijah wiped himself off with a towel, “I dare not give instructions, Uncle Elijah. I come with a request,” Austin responded.
“Is this about your father?” Elijah was not surprised. It was as if he had anticipated it.
“You already know about it?” Austin raised an eyebrow.
“The Prince of West Lucozia was assassinated. How could I not know about such a significant event?” Elijah drank some tea, seemingly indifferent as he settled into his seat.
“Then, have you heard about the Northern Four Sovereigns’ rebellion?” Austin asked.
“I’ve heard some rumors.” Elijah nodded.
“Uncle Elijah, given your loyalty and valor, I seek your aid in the monarchy’s time of crisis,” Austin said, lowering his head respectfully.
“Because of my admiration for your father’s character, I would have readily offered assistance had it been him who visited. However, as for you the qualifications.” You lack
After delivering his blunt and merciless statement, Elijah downed his tea in one gulp.
Austin frowned momentarily but quickly regained his composure. He had long understood Elijah’s pride and unpredictability. That was why he had already mentally prepared for the challenges ahead.
“Uncle Elijah, I acknowledge that compared to my father, I am indeed inadequate and not qualified to make requests of you.”
Austin suddenly shifted his tone. ”
However, I carry the Rhys family name.
And more importantly, I am a man of West Lucozia.
“I cannot stand idly by while West Lucozia is in turmoil, watching the people become displaced. As long as I can calm this turbulence, I am willing to pay any price!”
“Oh?” Elijah raised an eyebrow slightly, quite surprised. He didn’t expect the once idle playboy to blurt out such words. It was somewhat unusual.
“Did your mother teach you to say that? “Elijah probed.
“These are words from the bottom of my heart!” Austin said with a serious expression.
“It’s been a few years since I last met you. You seemed to have changed. Elijah scrutinized him before continuing, “To be honest, before you came, Grand General Rhys had already sent me a letter. Can you guess what he said in the letter?”
“Grand General Rhys?” Austin’s pupils dilated, and his expression grew solemn.
“I’m not sure. Please enlighten me, Uncle Elijah.”
Elijah picked up his spear and wiped the tip with a white cloth. In a low voice, he answered, “Julius said that if I kill you and erase all evidence, he will give me two cities after all is done.”
Austin’s expression shifted dramatically with Elijah’s revelation. He didn’t expect Julius to be prepared to kill.
“Two cities!” Elijah stood up slowly and pointed his long spear at Austin.
A faint smile played on his lips. “This is a huge temptation. What do you think?
Should I agree?”
###Chapter 1805 by Marina Vittori
Seeing Elijah’s piercing glance and his raised spear, Austin was not afraid at all. He continued to keep his back straight.
“Uncle Elijah, the temptation of acquiring two cities is indeed huge. I probably wouldn’t refuse if I was you. If you want to use my life in exchange for the two cities, I’m willing to make that sacrifice.”
Austin clasped his hands calmly.
“What? Aren’t you afraid of death?” Elijah narrowed his eyes. “Or do you think that I don’t dare to kill you?”
“Of course, I’m afraid of death. If I could choose, I wouldn’t choose to die either,” Austin replied calmly.
He continued, “Plus, you’ve been on the battlefield for many years, killing all kinds of enemies. If you want to kill me, it won’t take much effort for you to do so.”
“Since you’re afraid of death, why are you so calm?” Elijah was a bit confused.
“Fear of death is one thing, but having the courage to face death is another. I’ve prepared myself for the worst ever since I entered,” Austin replied seriously.
“Plus, there’s no way I can escape if you want to kill me. It’s better to face you head-on, not to mention I can avoid some suffering.”
“Interesting.” Elijah suddenly smiled and slowly lowered his spear. “They said a fierce father would not raise a tame son. I finally got to witness this today. The Rhys family does not have a single weakling.”
“Thank you for your praise.” Austin tilted his head.
“Alright. I’ll stop joking around. Julius’ men did indeed come looking for me. However, I already killed him.”
With a snap of his fingers, a few guards soon dragged a corpse to Austin’s feet.
“This is the man that Julius arranged.” Elijah kicked the corpse in disdain.
“Uncle Elijah, are you not planning to take over Julius’ offer of two cities? I can’t beat his proposal,” Austin said.
“Although I’m not a good person, I won’t do something so treacherous. I owe your father a favor. If I killed you, wouldn’t it make me the same as an animal?” Elijah replied indifferently.
“You’re such a righteous person. I respect that.” Austin clasped his hands respectfully. Austin was so confident partly because his eldest brother was there. Other than that, he also knew Elijah well.
Elijah was a decisive person. If he truly wanted to kill someone, he wouldn’t waste so much time talking. Instead, he would kill the person as soon as he saw them.
“Alright. Stop praising me. Although I didn’t kill you, it doesn’t mean I’ll help you,” Elijah replied indifferently. “I do respect your father. However, you haven’t gotten my recognition yet.”
“Feel free to state any conditions. If I can do it, I’ll definitely not refuse!” Austin said earnestly.
“Okay. Let’s forget about all personal affairs and only talk about business!” Elijah replied meaningfully.
“I believe you know the dangers involved if I follow you to betray and resist Julian, Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry.
“My troops will suffer heavy losses with a single mistake. How do you plan to compensate for that?”
“I can represent the royal family and give you a city!” Julian answered.
The Eight Sovereigns of West Lucozia had their own territories. Usually, neither side was willing to yield to the other when there was interference.
Gifting Elijah a city would mean disrupting this balance. It would cause plenty of trouble in the future. However, Julian couldn’t take it into consideration right now.
“A city is still not enough.” Elijah shook his head.
“Uncle Elijah, what else do you need? You can just let me know,” Julian replied.
“I want 800 soldiers in the Black Dragon Army. Pick the best of them!” Elijah answered.
“800 best soldiers in Black Dragon Army?” Julian furrowed his brow.
West Lucozia’s Black Dragon Army were extremely experienced soldiers, the elite among the elite.
Elites in the Black Dragon Army could refer to themselves as the king of soldiers.
For Elijah to want 800 kings of soldiers was going too far.
After all, each king of soldiers would undergo years of training. All kinds of rare resources would be used for them to train.
The manpower, money, and materials used on the soldiers were immeasurable.
“What? Are you not willing to?” Elijah asked. “You should know that if this was Julius, he would accept if I asked for 3000 elite soldiers, not to mention
800!”
“Julius has a large army and many soldiers. I don’t have a foundation, so I naturally cannot compete with him.” Austin sighed.
“That’s why I only want 800 elite soldiers. I’ve already considered your father when I proposed this condition.”
Elijah yawned. “Of course, you can discuss it with your mother if you cannot decide. However, I’m not sure if it’ll be too late by then.”
After hesitating for a moment, Austin nodded in the end. “Okay. I agree! If you can help us in the rebellion, I agree to give you 800 elite soldiers from the Black Dragon Army!”
“Very good!” Elijah couldn’t help but laugh after hearing that. “A man should be fearless. What’s 800 elite soldiers to you? When you inherit the throne, the entire West Lucozia will be yours!”
“Is it a deal, then?” Austin narrowed his eyes.
“Of course!” Elijah answered proudly. ” I don’t have many virtues except for being able to keep my word. From now onward, my troops are at your disposal!
“Thank you!” Austin let out a sigh of relief.
“Also, I decided to gift you something since you didn’t dilly-dally,” Elijah ordered some writing materials and quickly wrote a letter.
Then, he gave the letter to Austin with a smile.
“If I guessed correctly, you’ll be going to Marquis Lincon’s territory later. I have a good relationship with him. With this letter, your chances of convincing him will greatly increase.”
“Thank you, Uncle Elijah!” Austin clasped his hands gratefully.
“Alright. Time is ticking. Go on with it. “Elijah waved his hands in dismissal.
“Goodbye!” Austin said before leaving with his men.
Elijah had agreed to team up with him. This meant only one person was left- Lincon, Marquis of Riverside!
Lincon was different from powerful military commanders like Elijah. He was originally a civil servant.
He rose from a humble position to become a regional marquis.
Lincon was capable and extremely smart. No one could outwit him in West Lucozia!
If Austin could get Lincon’s support, he could add a strategist to his cause.
###Chapter 1806 by Marina Vittori
In the evening, Austin, Dustin, and a few others arrived at the border fortress, Peace City. Peace City was Lincon’s territory. A decade ago, it was still a deserted small town.
However, under Lincon’s leadership, it became West Lucozia’s top-five city in less than ten years. Peace City was one of the best in the military, economy, politics, culture, education, and even medicine sector.
It could be said that Peace City’s achievements were all thanks to Lincon’s knowledge and outstanding capability.
If Elijah was considered a hero in chaotic times, Lincon was a capable marquis in peaceful times.
A black SUV slowly stopped beside the road outside the Marquis of Riverside’s residence. The car door opened, and Dustin and Austin got out of the car one after another.
“Dustin, this is the last stop.” Austin looked at the Marquis Riverside’s door plate and sighed.
He continued, “Lincon has quite a good relationship with Dad, not to mention he’s also righteous, and we have Elijah’s letter. It should go smoothly.”
“It’s hard to say.” Dustin shook his head. “We must put our guard up despite approaching the last step. Lincon is a schemer. Even Rufus can’t see through him. Nobody knows what he’s thinking.”
“Are you scared that something will happen?” Austin tried asking.
“Since Julius has already contacted Elijah, he must have talked with Lincon as well. I’m scared that Lincon has already agreed to join Julius’ side. If that’s the case, we’re just voluntarily walking into a trap by coming here,” Dustin analyzed.
Julius was not stupid. It could be said he was both intelligent and a good fighter. He was the Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry, after all.
With his intelligence, Julius surely would be able to guess what they were thinking. Thus, he wouldn’t just sit back and watch them trying to get people on their team.
This was attested when Julius offered two cities in exchange for Elijah’s support.
Among the Southern Four Sovereigns, Wyatt and Arthur had handed over their military insignia. Thus, they were definitely on Dustin’s side.
Meanwhile, Tyrus had already signed a wedding agreement with the royal family. With mutual interests binding both sides, there shouldn’t be a problem.
As for Elijah, he rejected Julius’s condition and even killed his men. Thus, there was no way the two could work together anymore.
Now, only Lincon was left. What choice he would make was still uncertain. If Lincon agreed to side with the monarchy, Dustin would have the capability to confront Julius.
However, Dustin would be in big trouble if Lincon agreed to side with Julius.
“Dustin, your concerns aren’t without reason. However, we don’t have a choice. We must give it a try and hope Lincon will side with us,” Austin said with a sigh.
“Okay. With me around, at least I can ensure your safety.” Dustin nodded.
He had already prepared for the worst.
If Lincon sided with Julian and set a trap for them, Dustin would destroy his residence and support new personnel to take over.
Of course, he didn’t want to use violence to solve problems unless it was absolutely necessary.
“Let’s go and meet Lincon.” Austin became more confident and marched up to the door.
“Greetings, Your Highness!” When Austin got close, an old butler immediately greeted him.
“Huh?” Austin was stunned for a moment.
He didn’t introduce himself or take out his badge. Thus, he wondered how the butler recognized him with just a glance.
“You… You know me?” Austin felt a bit strange. After thinking for a moment, he remembered he had never entered the Marquis Riverside residence before.
###Chapter 1807 by Marina Vittori
“Sir Blaze knows that you’re coming, so he asked me to wait for you,” the old butler admitted with a nod.
“He knows that I’m coming?” Austin raised an eyebrow. Then, he took a look at Dustin uneasily.
There were only two possibilities why Lincon could guess they were coming beforehand. Either Elijah made a phone call to inform, or Julius’ envoy arrived ahead of them.
“Your Highness, Sir Blaze has been waiting. Please come inside.” The old butler bent over and extended his hand, beckoning them inside.
Austin nodded. Then, he made his way inside without a word.
Since they were already here, there was no way they could just leave. Austin must gave it a shot, even if it meant they were going inside the lion’s den.
They followed the old butler inside. After passing through various rooms, they arrived at the dining hall.
At that moment, the dining hall was already set with a table of delicious food. The aroma of food mixed with the smell of wine stirred their appetite.
Austin and the others had traveled for a day and a night without having time to eat. After seeing such a sumptuous meal, their stomachs couldn’t help but growl.
“Your Highness, you must be starving after traveling for so long. Please enjoy the meal first,” the old butler said respectfully.
“How about Sir Blaze?” Austin asked.
“He’ll be here soon. Please wait,” the old butler replied, keeping his head lowered.
“If that’s the case, don’t mind if I do.” Austin smiled and waved. “Come over, you two. Come and eat.”
“Yes!” the few bodyguards answered. Then, they picked up the cutlery and started to taste the food.
As well-trained bodyguards, they could go without food or drinks for three days straight. The main reason they ate right away was to test for poison on behalf of Austin.
One should always be cautious. If Lincon had added poison to the food, they would be able to find out right away.
“Sir Austin, it’s safe.” After trying out all the dishes, the bodyguards nodded at Austin. Austin smiled faintly. Then, he didn’t hold back and started to gobble down the food.
After not eating anything for a day and night, he was indeed hungry. It would be a waste not to eat so many delicious dishes.
After an hour, they emptied the dishes. They even drank a few glasses of alcohol, truly having their fill.
“Your Highness, are you full? Do you want to add more dishes?” At this moment, a well-dressed middle-aged man walked in with a smile.
The middle-aged man wore glasses and had a refined temperament. He looked kind and appeared like an educated teacher.
The person who arrived was the famous Lincon Blaze!
“Uncle Lincon, thank you for your warm welcome. I’m afraid I cannot eat anymore.” Austin rubbed his round belly and even burped.
“There’s not much good food or wine I can offer in such an impoverished village. I’m glad to hear that you had your fill. It makes me feel like my efforts were not in vain.” Lincon smiled.
“You’re too kind.” Austin smiled and continued, “Since you know we’re coming, you should also know what happened in the monarchy recently.”
“That’s right. I’ve generally understood what happened.” Lincoln nodded.
Afterward, he continued frankly, “To be honest, the Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry’s envoy had already visited me this morning before your arrival.”
“Huh?” Austin narrowed his eyes. Immediately, his expression turned serious. “What answer did you give him?”
Lincon’s support was very important to them.
There would have been dire consequences if Lincon had sided with Julius!
###Chapter 1808 by Marina Vittori
Lincon didn’t reply to Austin right away. Instead, he sat down and poured wine for himself and Austin. After gently clinking glasses, Lincon downed the wine.
“Nice wine!” Lincon clicked his tongue and smiled in satisfaction. Austin wasn’t in a hurry, either. He also drank the wine and stared at Lincon, waiting for his reply.
“Julius invited me to join his team and even promised to give me a lot of benefits. However, I rejected him.”
Upon hearing that, Austin couldn’t help but show a hint of joy on his face. However, Lincon’s following words caused him to feel stunned.
“Your Highness, don’t get so excited. Although I rejected Julius’ invitation, I won’t send my troops to help you, either. I don’t like war, so I’ll choose to remain neutral,” Lincon said frankly.
“Neutral?” Austin furrowed his brow. Then, he quickly advised, “You’re a citizen of West Lucozia. How could you bear looking at the country being split up?”
“Your Highness, my abilities are limited. Thus, I can’t be of much help.” Lincon shook his head.
He continued, “I’m not ambitious, either. I only want to live a peaceful and happy life. That’s why I don’t want to participate in this war. I’ll be satisfied if I can keep my little piece of land.”
After pausing for a moment, he continued, “To be honest, both you and Julius are legitimately of the Rhys family bloodline. Thus, it doesn’t make a difference which of you becomes the ruler of West Lucozia. In my eyes, this so-called rebellion is just a struggle for the throne.”
“Well “Austin was rendered speechless for a moment.
Although he didn’t want to admit it, Lincon had a point.
“Your Highness, I’ve always been quite blunt. I apologize if I offended you in any way.” Licon nodded calmly.
“It’s reasonable that you want peace. However, if war breaks out, I’m afraid you won’t be able to stay out of it,” Austin said persuasively.
“Peace City is a small town at the border. It’s quite impoverished and has nothing to offer. Even if there’s a war, it won’t reach here,” Lincon replied indifferently.
He added, “Plus, I’ve already come to terms with Julius. As long as I don’t get involved in the war, he can assure me that Peace City won’t be impacted by it.
“I can promise you that if you help the monarchy suppress the rebellion and we succeed, I will reward you with a city.” Austin made an offer, trying to entice him.
However, Lincon immediately shook his head without giving it some thought. “Your Highness, I’m satisfied with just Peace City. I don’t have time to manage another city, either. Thus, I can only reject.”
“You must have something you want, right? Just tell me. I’ll definitely try my best to fulfill it!” Austin was a bit anxious.
Lincon seemed indifferent to both power and money. He had no ambition or desire and was satisfied with what he had now.
A person like him was way too difficult to persuade.
“I don’t have anything I want. I only want to get away from any trouble. Please understand,” Lincon said calmly.
“Uncle Lincon, I heard from my father that you’re best friends with him. Now that my father has passed away and something happened in the monarchy, are you sure you want to just ignore it?” Austin asked, deciding to use his father to persuade Lincon.
Lincon was not heartless. Austin still had a chance if he showed enough sincerity.
“Your Highness, although I’m good friends with your father, he wouldn’t force me to do something I don’t want, “Lincon said indifferently.
“To be frank, your father is talented and strategic, commanding respect from all citizens in West Lucozia. However, you fall short in many aspects. In my eyes, Julius is more suitable to be the ruler of West Lucozia than you.”
“You’re right. I’m indeed not capable of becoming the ruler of West Lucozia.” Austin nodded indifferently.
He added, “To be honest, I never thought of inheriting the throne. I only want to suppress the rebellion for the peace of West Lucozia.”
###Chapter 1809 by Marina Vittori
“Since you don’t want to inherit the throne, why do you want to fight for it? “Lincon remained indifferent.
“Although I’m not capable enough to become the ruler of Lucozia, someone is. That person is even more suitable than Julius!” Austin said with determination.
“Oh? Who is it?” Lincon raised an eyebrow.
“It’s my eldest brother, Logan!” Austin replied.
“Logan?” Lincon narrowed his eyes and nodded. “You’re right. He’s more than suitable to become the ruler of Lucozia.
“However, the problem is that he has been missing for the past ten years. There has been no news about whether he was alive or not. How can he inherit the throne?”
“Logan is still alive. Plus, he has already returned to West Lucozia. The throne should definitely be his!” Austin said seriously.
“Talk is cheap. Do you have evidence?” Lincon asked.
If Logan really returned to West Lucozia, everyone would have known about it. In Lincon’s eyes, Austin was trying to find an excuse to get him on his side.
“I can provide you with evidence. However, let me ask you something. If Logan inherits the throne, will you fully support him?” Austin shot back.
“Well…” Lincon furrowed his brow in hesitation.
Seeing Austin so confident, Lincon became somewhat uncertain.
“West Lucozia needs a good ruler. Nobody is more suitable to inherit the throne than my eldest brother. I’m sure you understand this,” Austin said.
“Okay! If I can see His Highness with my own eyes, I promise to support you all. Otherwise, please find another person to support you!” Lincon said seriously.
“No problem! It’s a deal then!” Austin smiled after hearing that.
Then, he turned and looked at Dustin. ” Logan, it has come to the point where you have to reveal yourself.”
Dustin nodded. Without a word, he removed his prosthetic mask and revealed his face.
“You’re…” Lincon instantly widened his eyes. He found it hard to believe.
“Uncle Lincon, long time no see.” Dustin smiled faintly.
“Your … Your Highness?” Lincon was shocked, unable to react. He never thought that Dustin would disguise himself as a bodyguard and hide by Austin’s side.
Nobody would have figured it out if Dustin didn’t expose his identity.
“Uncle Lincon, what do you think? What a surprise, right?” Austin smiled. He added, “You’re the second person besides me to know about his identity. We are now being open and honest with you, not hiding anything.”
“Your Highness, you’re … still alive?” Lincon’s voice was shaking. He got a bit emotional as tears welled up in his eyes.
As Austin might as well be a stranger to Lincon, he didn’t plan on supporting him at all. However, Lincon felt a sense of familiarity with Dustin.
The reason was simple. Back then, Dustin’s mother, Alba, had shown him kindness and even saved his life.
Lincon always wanted to repay her kindness. However, he never got the chance. He always felt regretful, especially after Alba passed away.
When Dustin stood right in front of him, Lincon felt like he was seeing the late Alba.
###Chapter 1810 by Marina Vittori
“Uncle Lincon, thank you for worrying about me. I’m indeed still alive.” Dustin nodded. Dustin didn’t know about Lincon’s past. Thus, he felt a bit taken aback by how emotional Lincon got.
“It’s a good thing that you’re still alive! “Lincon was both surprised and happy. “Ten years have passed so quickly. You’ve gotten so tall. I almost didn’t manage to recognize you.”
“That’s right. It’s been ten years. A lot of things are different now,” Dustin replied with a sigh. Ten years ago, his mother passed away, and his father was also assassinated ten years later.
Over the course of ten years, both of his parents were no longer around. It was a tragic fact.
“Uncle Lincon, you said you would fully support the monarchy if you met Logan. Now that you’ve seen my eldest brother, you won’t go back on your word, right?” Austin tried asking.
“If His Highness is willing to inherit the throne, I’ll support him to ascend the throne even if I have to sacrifice myself!” Lincon replied earnestly.
Compared to his previous calm and indifferent demeanor, Lincon exuded a spirit that had never been seen before.
“Okay! You’re surely a trustworthy person!” Austin smiled, letting out a huge sigh of relief. Alas, Dustin could only be the one who could get the job done!
Austin had tried his best but still failed to convince Lincon. Yet, the man had agreed instantly after seeing Dustin.
Although it had been ten years, the name of the Rhys family’s descendant still resonated deeply in many’s hearts and commanded respect.
“Uncle Lincon, nobody knows that I’m returning to West Lucozia. I hope you can help keep it a secret until I find out who killed my father!” Dustin reminded him.
“Don’t worry. I’ll definitely keep my lips sealed!” Lincon nodded. Lincon was a smart man. Naturally, he knew Dustin’s intentions.
The remnants of the Dragon Guard had assassinated Rufus, causing West Lucozia to be in chaos. Plus, Julius was now vying for the throne.
If Dustin exposed his identity right now, he would become the target of criticism. On the contrary, it would be better for him to hide in the shadows and bide for time.
“Thank you, Uncle Lincon.” Dustin clasped his hands.
“Your Highness, I have a suggestion if you want to beat Julius,” Lincon said. An idea had suddenly popped into his head.
“Oh? Please enlighten me.” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“Julius has considerable influence in the military. However, he still falls far short of the late prince.
Although the Northern Four Sovereigns are Julius’ men, more than 80 percent of the Black Dragon Army are faithful to the late prince and the monarchy.”
“If we use Your Highness’ name to secretly contact the late prince’s faithful comrades, I’m sure you’ll be able to gather a strong team. This team alone will be enough to crush Julius!” Lincon explained seriously.
After hearing that, Austin’s eyes lit up. “That’s right! Why didn’t I think of that? If I use Dustin’s name to issue a command, I’m sure a lot of people will support us!”
Although Julius was influential, he was not unbeatable.
As long as they partnered up with all the generals, they could completely sideline him without even going to war!
“It might have been possible ten years ago. However, I’m not certain about it now.” Dustin shook his head.
Ten years ago, he was at the peak of his influence and commanded widespread support in West Lucozia.
However, it was different now. A lot of things had changed after he disappeared for ten years.
Not many people would recognize and support him.
“Don’t underestimate yourself. For people like us, you’re the hope for the future of West Lucozia. As long as you inherit the throne, I’m sure many will be willing to support you!” Lincon was confident.
###Chapter 1811 by Marina Vittori
“Well…” Dustin furrowed his brow, seemingly hesitating.
“Your Highness!” Lincon suddenly clasped his hands and claimed, “I’m willing to help you with anything you face.
“If you trust me, let me handle this for you. I will secretly contact those loyal ministers and gather them. When the timing is right, we’ll surely assist you. You only need to give us a call!”
“You’re indeed a righteous person. I respect you for that!” Austin couldn’t help but praise.
“If that’s the case, thank you.” Dustin clasped his hands back at him.
“It’s my pleasure to be able to do something for you,” Lincon replied.
“Sir Blaze, something bad has happened!” a guard ran inside and shouted. “We got the news that soldiers have surrounded West Lucozian castle.
The monarchy is in a dire situation!”
“What? It’s being surrounded?” Austin and Dustin’s expressions went grim when they heard that.
They were only out of the castle for two days. However, they didn’t expect a change to happen so quickly.
“What happened? Tell us in detail!” Austin asked anxiously.
The guard took a look at Lincon. After his superior nodded in approval, he continued, “The Northern Four Sovereigns led a team of elite soldiers to infiltrate the castle last night. All castle guards at the rank of colonel and above were held hostage.
“The entire military force is immobilized. The Northern Four Sovereigns used the excuse of saving the country in times of danger to besiege the castle.
“They claimed to be purging traitors to avenge the late prince. In reality, they’re just trying to seize power!”
Austin was so angry that he slammed the table. “How dare all of them! How could they surround the castle with their soldiers? They’re going too far!”
Austin thought the most the Northern Four Sovereigns could do was a siege to put pressure on them.
He didn’t expect that they would be so ruthless. The Northern Four Sovereigns had pulled the rug out from under them!
If the monarchy fell and Julius got the military insignia, it was over for them!
“It seems like Julius is well-prepared.” Dustin furrowed his brow and fell into deep thought.
This unexpected move indeed caught them off guard. Dustin planned to ally with the Southern Four Sovereigns and persuade some loyal ministers to go against Julius.
However, he didn’t expect Julius to go ahead of them and took complete control. There would be severe consequences once the monarchy fell!
“Dustin, what should we do now?” Austin was a bit anxious.
“There’s no time to think. We have to return quickly and resolve the monarchy’s crisis,” Dustin said in a low voice.
“But the soldiers we have now are not enough to go against Julius. Even if Uncle Lincon and the others help us, it’ll take time for them to mobilize their troops. We might not have enough time.” Austin furrowed his brow.
“We don’t have a choice. All we can do now is take a gamble!”
Then, Dustin looked at Lincon and said seriously, “Uncle Lincon, please contact my father’s previous military department and aid the monarchy with the other three marquis. I will try to buy time until support comes!”
“Your Highness, isn’t this too risky?” Lincon frowned.
“We’ve already lost the chance to act first. Thus, we have to take this risk.” Dustin lowered his back and said seriously, “Uncle Lincon, I’ll have to count on you for everything that comes afterward!”
“I’ll… definitely not disappoint you!” Lincon nodded.
“Thank you.” After glancing at Austin, Dustin said, “Let’s go back to the castle and meet Julius!”
###Chapter 1812 by Marina Vittori
It was late at night, and a large number of armed soldiers formed a human wall outside the castle, surrounding it.
A dense crowd stood outside the castle, easily numbering tens of thousands! These were only the vanguard forces. There was still a team of armed military forces outside of the castle.
They were the soldiers of the Northern Four Sovereigns. Among them were also Julius’ guards.
However, they had disguised themselves to blend in.
Meanwhile, Eloise was wearing mourning clothes and a hat inside the castle. She had an indifferent expression as she stood outside the gate.
She was also holding a sharp sword. This caused her to look formidable and full of killing intent.
As the princess consort, she stepped forward unhesitatingly at the most critical moment. She stood alone at the forefront.
Jaxon stood behind her, along with Draken Guardians dressed in combat gear.
Although there were not many of them, they were the most powerful force in the monarchy.
Behind the Draken Guardians were a bunch of guards and servants.
The guards were armed with knives, while the servants had sticks. All of them were prepared for what was going to happen, ready to face death.
Further back in the inner courtyard, a group of elderly, weak women and children wore mourning hats and wielded knives. Their eyes were fixed firmly on the gate.
Once the Draken Guardians were wiped out and most of the servants and guards were killed, they would lunge forward unhesitatingly. All of them swore to live and die with the monarchy.
“Dad… Mom… I’m scared.” A young child of about ten years old wielded a knife in the crowd. He was shivering with fear, and his face was pale.
He had been pampered for his entire life. Thus, he had never experienced something like this before.
After knowing that thousands of soldiers surrounded the castle, he finally understood that the monarchy was going to fall. He would most likely lose his life tonight.
“You loser!” A middle-aged man glared at him and shouted, “All men of the Rhys family have traversed battlefields and been buried in them. If you dare to back away, I’ll kill you first!”
“Dad?” The child shivered, tears forming in his eyes.
“Stop crying! Men don’t cry when they bleed. You just got a scar the size of a bowl on your head. Wipe your tears!” the middle-aged man shouted.
The child didn’t dare to talk, immediately wiping his tears.
The woman beside him turned to look at him. She squeezed out a smile. ” Maverick, there’s nothing to be afraid of. Dad and Mom will be by your side no matter what happens.”
“Maverick, the more scared we are, the more we need to be strong. We can’t let people look down on us!” At this moment, a 14 or 15-year-old teenage girl spoke determinedly.
“Okay!” The child gritted his teeth and nodded.
“Tiana…” The woman took out a bottle of medicine and placed it in the teenager’s hand.
She urged, “Take care of your younger brother. In case we can’t hold on, consume the medicine. It can spare you from some torment.”
“I understand!” Tiana nodded while clutching the medicine in her hand.
She knew well that it was a bottle of poison.
If the castle’s soldiers couldn’t withstand the invasion, she could only drink the poison.
Otherwise, her fate might be even more terrifying than death.
A solemn atmosphere enveloped the entire castle.
Everyone knew that a huge disaster was about to befall the monarchy. However, nobody ran away despite feeling afraid and knowing they were about to die.
At this moment, the soldiers outside the castle started to bang on the doors.
###Chapter 1813 by Marina Vittori
The heavy castle door was banged on relentlessly, and the noise echoed with a resounding impact. Each strike resembled the blow of a giant hammer, resonating deeply in the hearts of everyone within.
“Open the door!” Eloise shouted, ordering the servants to open the door. The unexpected move caused the soldiers attempting to break in to be completely baffled. They had no idea why Eloise would do such a thing.
At this time, it made more sense for Eloise to close the door and defend till the end. Thus, they wondered why Eloise took the initiative to open the door.
Perhaps there was a trap inside.
“Draven, Atticus, Mortimer, Ignatius, come out!” Eloise called out while holding her sword. The soldiers outside were reluctant to approach because of her formidable presence.
The four names she called out were the Northern Four Sovereigns, the main forces behind the rebellion.
“What’s the matter? Do you guys not dare to admit what you’ve done? Are you guys just a bunch of cowards?” Seeing that nobody answered, Eloise called out again. Her voice resounded in the entire castle.
After a few seconds, the military forces outside the castle suddenly scattered and formed a wide path.
Following that, four middle-aged men of different sizes walked side by side. They wore combat gear and were draped in capes.
The people who came were the Northern Four Sovereigns.
“Draven is here to visit Your Highness!”
“Atticus greets Your Highness!”
“Your Highness, this is Mortimer!”
“Greetings, Your Highness. I’m Ignatius!”
The four walked up to the door and greeted her.
“Do you still regard me as the princess consort?” Eloise asked indifferently.
“What are you saying? You’re always the princess consort,” Draven said, smiling slightly.
“If you view me as the princess consort, why are you still starting a rebellion?” Eloise shouted.
“You’ve misunderstood. We’re not starting a rebellion. Instead, we’re trying to help the monarchy,” Draven answered with a smile.
“That’s right!” Beside him, Atticus also nodded. “His Highness’ death is too mysterious. We heard that someone was plotting against him. Thus, we sent some soldiers to try and catch the murderer!”
“That’s right! We’re loyal to His Highness. Now that something happened to him, we can’t sit by and watch,” Mortimer added.
“I also think the same.” Ignatius’ answer was short and simple.
“We’re currently undergoing a thorough investigation about his assassination. You don’t need to worry about it. If you still have a shred of conscience, withdraw your troops immediately!” Eloise bellowed.
“We’re the marquis, and we’re obliged to come and help when the monarchy is facing trouble. Why are you reacting so strongly? Are you scared? Or guilty?”
Draven said meaningfully.
“How dare you suspect me?” Eloise glared at them.
“Naturally, we don’t doubt you. However, it’s hard to say the same about the people around you. To avenge His Highness, we need to search the castle and question all suspicious individuals!” Draven declared loudly.
“It’s the rule that outsiders cannot enter the castle armed!’ Eloise shouted.
“One must take extraordinary measures in extraordinary times!” Draven gestured. “Go in and search!”
“I’d like to see who dares!” Eloise suddenly stepped forward. She lifted her sword and pointed it at Draven’s throat. “If any of you dare to step into the castle today, I won’t go easy!”
After seeing such a scene, the soldiers who had just taken a step forward were frozen on the spot.
After all, Eloise was the princess consort of West Lucozia. After being in power for a long time, she exuded a subtle air of authority.
“Your Highness, we’re just trying to avenge His Highness. If you insist on stopping us, don’t blame us for being disrespectful!” Draven narrowed his eyes, a hostile glint flashing through them.
###Chapter 1814 by Marina Vittori
“The only way into the castle is over my dead body!” With a huge sword in her hand, Eloise stood alone with great courage at the main entrance to defend the castle.
She wasn’t actually a strong fighter. At most, she could pass as a divine-level martial artist. However, her current presence was stronger than that of a grandmaster.
The common soldiers and even Draven were stunned. His brow was locked in a deep frown, and he didn’t dare to move. The only thing he could do was to look at the three other sovereigns.
Threats and the palace revolution aside, they needed a valid reason to attack Eloise. If they didn’t, the people would protest and turn against them.
They surrounded the castle in the name of staking out the killer. They’d be able to get off the hook if they acted a little brashly.
They could use overwhelming sadness and being overly emotional as their excuse for their rude behavior. However, they’d never be able to explain themselves if the princess died in the revolt. If that happened, there would be a public outcry.
In addition, the powerful figures of West Lucozia would be shaken. Oakvale would also send military backup to quell the riot. After all, Eloise was the Princess Consort of West Lucozia as well as the eldest princess of Dragonmarsh.
Given her identity, they wouldn’t dare to do anything foolish. Simply put, they could kill anyone in the castle, but not Eloise, As such, when Eloise was determined to fight them, they were a little taken aback.
“Generals? What should we do now?” Draven looked at the three sovereigns and asked in a low voice.
“It’s too late to turn back now,” Atticus said coldly.
“That’s right. We’re so close to success. We can’t give up now,” Mortimer agreed.
“I understand that very well. What I’m asking about is what should we do about the princess?” Draven asked quietly.
“There won’t be any issue as long as we don’t put the princess’s life in danger,” Ignatius said suddenly.
“Do you mean … kidnap?” Draven raised an eyebrow slightly.
“Do you have a better way?” Ignatius retorted.
Draven said nothing, but he turned to look at Atticus and Mortimer with a doubtful gaze.
“This is the only way for now.” Atticus nodded.
“I agree.” Mortimer nodded as well.
“Alright, we’ll kidnap her then!”
When consensus was reached, Draven shouted, “Listen up! The princess is confused as she has been deceived by a traitor. Your duty is to protect the princess and send her to the hospital for treatment. Understood?”
“Understood!” the soldiers shouted their answer in unison.
“Listen to my orders now! Charge into the castle and save our princess!” With a wave of his hand, a huge troop of soldiers put their weapons down as they rushed forward.
Eloise was a respected princess, and they didn’t want to bring any weapons. They’d be in trouble if they hurt her.
“Stop!” When the four sovereigns were about to enter the castle, a loud and angry voice thundered across the sky.
At the same time, Austin descended from the sky in golden armor and blocked the main entrance. When he landed, his feet generated a huge energy wave, sending a few dozen soldiers flying.
A vast space was cleared before him.
“How dare you!” Standing at the entrance, Austin brandished his sword to block their entry.
His aura was unusually strong. It was as if he was a soldier sent from above, and his presence struck fear in those around him. “Austin?”
###Chapter 1815 by Marina Vittori
Eloise was delighted to see her son’s safe return. However, her happiness was soon replaced with gloominess.
She quickly realized that Austin came back with the same number of people and didn’t bring extra military support.
“Did he fail?” Eloise frowned slightly, and her heart was getting heavier by the minute.
Their only hope was to get military support from the Southern Four Sovereigns. Only then could they fight the Northern Four Sovereigns. From the looks of it, things were not looking up.
“How dare you! Who gave you permission to enter and search the castle? Are you courting death?” Austin shouted.
His voice was as loud as thunder, and everyone present could hear him. It was almost deafening. The soldiers under the leadership of the four sovereigns were suddenly afraid to move.
“Oh, it’s Prince Austin. You have returned.” Draven let out a short laugh.
He added, “We, the Four Sovereigns, have discovered that the killer is in the castle. To avenge Prince Rufus, we need to search the castle for the killer. Your Grace, please let us in.”
“Search my ass!” Austin growled. “Do you know where you are? The castle is not somewhere you can come and go as you please! Get lost!”
“Your Grace, we are loyal and sincere. We’re doing this for the country and the people. Why are you trying to stop us?” Draven replied calmly.
“Hmm! You can drop your act in front of me! Everyone knows you came with an evil intent!” Austin said coldly.
“Your Grace, we don’t know what you’re talking about,” Draven replied.
“Draven Vice! I’ll give you one last chance. Leave now, and I will pretend this never happened.
“You can still keep your titles as the West Lucozian sovereigns, and you’ll still enjoy your wealth for the rest of your lives.”
Austin suddenly changed his tone when he finished speaking and continued, ” However, if you insist on having your way, I guarantee you’ll live to regret this!”
“Your Grace, we’re just looking at the bigger picture. Please let us through!” Draven was adamant.
The other Three Sovereigns looked determined and had no intention to surrender as well. They had no real reason to surrender now that they were knee-deep in this revolt.
They’d be considered national heroes as long as they helped the new ruler rise to the throne. They would be more powerful than they were now.
In their opinion, Julius Rhys, the grand general, was the next best royal candidate to ascend to the throne after the death of Rufus Rhys, the Prince of West Lucozia. As for Austin, they saw him as just another punk. Austin had no right to order them around.
“Let me warn you now. If you dare to step forward, I’ll make your head roll!” Austin shouted furiously.
“Hm?” Draven raised his brows slightly and gave a signal to the royal guards behind him. The guards nodded and moved forward slowly.
“You asked for it!” Austin’s face darkened as he wasted no time lifting the sword in his hand and waving it in the air.
A sharp glint shot forth from the blade and sliced through the necks of a few of the royal guards with lightning speed.
The royal guards stood frozen in place. In the next moment, their heads fell and rolled around like a ball.
Draven narrowed his eyes, and instead of showing surprise, he shouted in delight, “Did all of you see that? The Crown Prince has gone crazy, and he is killing ruthlessly.
“As patriots, we should do our part to treat the Crown Prince’s insanity so he wouldn’t hurt the innocent!”
“Come quick! Arrest the Crown Prince! Search for the killer in the castle!” Atticus yelled.
“Arrest the Crown Prince! Search for the killer in the castle!” The Four Sovereigns started yelling one after another. In the next moment, a large troop of soldiers rushed toward Austin like a metal tidal wave. The battle had officially begun!
###Chapter 1816 by Marina Vittori
“Fuck!” Austin was suddenly filled with anger when he saw the fully armed soldiers rushing in. He no longer had any mercy for them as he charged forward with his sword in hand.
He had already achieved the grandmaster status, and with his experience in the battlefields, he was ready for action. He stormed ahead with determination and courage.
“Protect the Crown Prince! Charge!” Eloise pointed her sword toward the sky. The Draken Guardians behind her quickly withdrew their weapons.
“Charge!” Waving his longsword, Jaxon led the Draken Guardians into the battlefield.
The Draken Guardians might be a small team, but each member was a trained elite fighter. They were an invincible force under the guidance of a grandmaster, Jaxon.
The team of around a hundred was like a sharp and long knife. It didn’t matter if their opponent’s numbers were in the tens of thousands as they’d be able to besiege the core of the army.
The Four Sovereigns retreated under the protection of the royal guards to prevent any assassination attempts.
“I had no idea the West Lucozian monarch had such a powerful team.” Draven was a little surprised as he narrowed his eyes and observed the Draken Guardians in action.
“It’s a good thing that it’s a small team of around a hundred. If not, we’d be in for a real match.” Atticus sounded quite relieved.
“If my guess is correct, this is the legendary Draken Guardians. Rufus Rhys personally selected the elites of the Black Dragon Army to be part of the team. Every one of them is the best of the best,” Mortimer said.
“No wonder they are so strong.” Ignatius nodded.
“It doesn’t matter how powerful they are. They are a very small team. It’s not a real threat to us. Don’t be fooled by their valor now. They’ll eventually get tired. When that happens, their fate is in our hands,” Draven added.
“Do you think something unexpected will happen?” Atticus suddenly asked.
“What could go wrong? The castle is surrounded. It will eventually fall into our hands. Our army is also stationed outside the city. If there’s any news, we’ll hear it first. Don’t you worry!” Mortimer reassured him.
“That’s right! All we have to do now is wait. It’s only a matter of time before victory is ours. Eloise Linsor and her son won’t change anything.
“Besides, we have the support of the grand general. It won’t matter if all of the Southern Four Sovereigns come to help. They won’t make any difference!” Draven was very confident.
After the death of Rufus Rhys, the monarchy was now left in a power vacuum. The weak would never be able to compete with Julius Rhys, who was very powerful.
It wouldn’t matter even if Austin managed to convince the Southern Four Sovereigns. Their troops couldn’t even enter the city, much less save the monarchy. Based on the current situation, victory was certainly theirs.
As time passed slowly, the battle only intensified. Austin and Jaxon led the Draken Guardians and fought relentlessly to defend the monarchy.
They were very valiant in the beginning. The army of the Northern Four Sovereigns was unable to stop them.
However, as the battle dragged on, the Draken Guardians were beginning to show signs of lethargy. The difference in strength was slowly appearing.
The Draken Guardians might be brave, but they were outnumbered. The army of the Northern Four Sovereigns had strength in numbers.
It didn’t matter how many soldiers the Draken Guardians killed, as there would be more soldiers rushing toward them.
After a few rounds of battle, the Draken Guardians were beginning to slow down and even suffered a few casualties. The Northern Four Sovereigns felt encouraged to see that.
Draven laughed, smiling gleefully. “Do you see that? The monarchy’s elite team can no longer defend themselves. Soon, they’ll be finished by us.”
“They were just too weak.” Mortimer shook his head.
“What a waste of talent. It’d be great if they were under my command.” Atticus sighed.
###Chapter 1817 by Marina Vittori
Just when Ignatius got ready to speak, he pointed to a direction while narrowing his eyes and shouted in surprise, “Look! What is that?”
The others looked in the direction he was pointing. They saw a dark in the sky heading straight down, and it crashed in the middle of their troops.
The explosion was deafening, and everything quaked as dust rose. There was a gigantic wave of energy spreading outward from the point of explosion like tsunami waves.
The energy wave left a trail of destruction and painful moans wherever it passed. This attack killed and wounded at least a few hundred soldiers.
“The fuck! What the hell was that?” Draven squinted his eyes. He couldn’t see what attacked them due to the thick clouds of dust.
“Could it be a meteorite?” Atticus sounded a little confused.
“A shooting star? How could there be such a coincidence?” Mortimer refused to believe it.
“I can see it clearly now! It’s a person!” Ignatius had good vision and pointed at where the fell. Then, he shouted, “He’s charging toward us!”
As soon as he said that, a dark shadow emerged from the clouds of dust and was running toward the Four Sovereigns.
The dark shadow held a black sword and was moving very fast. He was unstoppable and was undeterred by the obstacles on the way.
The fully armored soldiers were nothing to him as he defeated them easily. There were suddenly a lot of casualties.
“An assassin! Quick! Stop him!” Ignatius came to his senses quickly and gathered the royal guards as he charged toward the shadow.
“Hmm! He’s only one, and we have thousands of soldiers to protect us! He might be able to fly, but he’ll never get to us with the number of soldiers around us!” Draven said haughtily with a cold look.
Even though the most effective way to defeat an enemy was to kill the leader, it was actually the most difficult thing to achieve.
It could only be achieved through covert means. It was a suicidal act for this lone assassin to attack the leader of the enemy so openly.
They all had a team of royal guards to protect them. Even if there was a real threat, they could escape unscathed under the protection of the royal guards. They didn’t have to fear for their lives.
“Draven! Things are not looking up. That assassin is too powerful. The common soldiers couldn’t take him on, “Ignatius said with a frown.
He had very good eyes. Hence, he was able to see that the assassin was killing everyone blocking his way.
“Why are you flustered? It’s just an assassin. I doubt he could make any difference.” Draven’s attitude remained haughty.
He was one of the four esteemed sovereigns. He mustn’t show fear before an assassin.
“Draven! No, the assassin is getting too close. He’s just a few feet away from us. We must retreat to safety!” Ignatius shouted urgently.
“Well…” Draven frowned slightly and looked displeased. He had thought that the assassin would never get this far.
He had no idea that the assassin could actually penetrate this deep. The assassin had immense potential!
The problem was that he had just claimed the assassin wouldn’t get far. If he retreated now, wouldn’t it be a blow to his ego? It’d be very embarrassing for him if this got out.
“Fuck it! Whatever, retreat!” Ignatius decided to give the order to back down when Draven couldn’t make up his mind.
He immediately got ready to leave with the royal guards. They were so close to success tonight! It’d be the joke of the nation if they were killed by an assassin!
###Chapter 1818 by Marina Vittori
Ignatius was very alert. He quickly retreated with the royal guards when he saw the assassin advancing closer.
Keeping himself alive was a priority now. He just needed to avoid the assassination attempt. When the assassin grew tired, he’d order the soldiers to kill him. This was the safest option.
“Draven, I think Ignatius is right. Safety first. I’ll retreat for now.” Atticus didn’t dare to stay any longer as he slowly retreated with the royal guards when he saw Ignatius leaving.
“Hmm! All of you are just scared!” Draven frowned slightly with a disgruntled look. He then turned to look at Mortimer and expressively said, “Mortimer, you’ve always been a brave fighter. You’re certainly not retreating like those two, right?”
“Of course not!” Mortimer stretched a little bit and smirked, “It’s just an assassin. There’s nothing to be afraid of!”
He became a sovereign after a bloody and hellish experience. There was nothing he had not seen. A worthless assassin was not enough to scare him.
“Good! We’ll see how good this assassin is!” Draven happily nodded as he signaled his royal guards. “Get into formation! Capture that assassin!”
“Yes!” Behind him, a few hundred royal guards withdrew their longswords immediately and charged forward to surround the assassin.
“Capture the assassin!” Mortimer was eager to show off as well. He quickly withdrew his sword and led his team of royal guards to attack the assassin from another direction.
The royal guards were selected from the very best. Each of them could fight a hundred opponents on their own and was much stronger than an ordinary soldier.
The assassin might appear very skilled as he could defeat the common soldiers easily, but that was because he wasn’t fighting the elites.
When the royal guards entered the fight, it was impossible for him to kill and attack as easily. As expected, when the royal guards of the two sovereigns showed up, the assassin slowed down visibly. 1
The royal guards were much better than ordinary soldiers in terms of skills, armor, and experience. Even though they might not be able to take on the heavy hitters, they were able to wear them down effectively.
The ordinary soldiers wore only metal armor, but the royal guards wore steel armor. In terms of defense, both of them were at different levels. A grandmaster would spend much more energy killing ten of these royal guards than killing a hundred ordinary soldiers.
“Hmm! I thought he was really good. He couldn’t even fight our royal guards. “Mortimer snickered when he saw the assassin being surrounded by the royal guards. He was sure that they would win.
“Of course! We spent good money to train the royal guards. How could an ordinary soldier compete against them? “Draven laughed lightly.
“I’ll reward ten thousand gold coins to the person who killed the assassin!” Mortimer shouted, raising his sword to the sky.
Tens of thousands of soldiers got very excited when they heard that. All of them rushed toward the assassin as fast as they could.
The fear they felt earlier had melted into desire. Ten thousand pieces of gold coins were enough to drive anyone crazy.
“Quick! Kill him!” The soldiers shouted angrily and charged forward fearlessly. As they rushed forward, a weak link appeared unintentionally in the defense formation that they were in.
The shadow assassin saw the opening and sped up as he rushed toward Draven and Mortimer before they could close the weak link.
“Don’t rush! Steady yourself!” Draven frowned and quickly gave out orders. However, it was too late. The shadow assassin was too fast for them. When he saw the weak link, he was unstoppable as he rushed forward.
There was a trail of severed limbs wherever he passed. The royal guards of the two sovereigns tried to stop him but to no avail. The shadow assassin was on a killing spree.
“Shit! The assassin kept his abilities hidden. We fell for his trap!” Mortimer was mortified as he realized something was wrong.
The assassin feigned being weak and lured them to surround him when he fought with the royal guards.
###Chapter 1819 by Marina Vittori
When the royal guards surrounded the assassin, he suddenly revealed his true abilities. The reason behind this was simple. He just wanted to lure the royal guards away from Mortimer and Draven, weakening the defense around them. As such, it’d be easier to assassinate them.
“Fuck! He’s quite crafty! Retreat!” Draven was flustered when his team of royal guards couldn’t counter the assassin’s attack.
He started moving backward with the royal guards covering him. However, at this point, they had already lost their best opportunity to defend themselves.
The dark shadow was rushing forward faster than they could retreat. The assassin was just a few feet away from them within a couple of minutes.
“Sir Vice! We’ll block the assassin! Please leave now!”
A few royal guards withdrew their swords decisively and charged toward the assassin when they realized they weren’t going to make it. However, they didn’t even last ten seconds against him.
“Fuck it! Die!” Mortimer growled. Instead of retreating, he withdrew his sword and ran toward the assassin.
“Mortimer! Calm down!” Draven’s face paled, and he tried to stop him. But it was too late.
Mortimer rushed forward and swung his sword toward the assassin’s neck. However, the dark shadow caught his blade instantly as his sword pierced Mortimer’s shoulder.
“Who are you?” Mortimer asked, gritting his teeth. He didn’t yell as he tried to suppress the pain. The dark shadow said nothing. He suddenly grabbed Mortimer’s collar and flung him skyward.
Mortimer soared through the air like a cannonball. He was flung a few hundred yards away beyond the castle’s main entrance, landing heavily in the front yard.
A loud noise followed his crash, and Mortimer left a human-shaped hole on the ground. He spat out blood as he wailed in pain. The impact had fractured many bones in his body.
“Mortimer!” Eloise, who was standing guard at the main entrance, quickly turned. She held her sword against Mortimer’s neck and shouted, “Ask your army to surrender now or die!”
Standing outside the castle, Draven was stunned to see Mortimer being
thrown away. He quickly threw his weapon down and started running. He regretted being arrogant. If he had known the assassin was this strong and powerful, he would have retreated in time like Atticus and Ignatius. He wouldn’t have put his life at risk.
“Still trying to escape?” The dark shadow smirked and moved at lightning speed. He grabbed Draven’s collar from behind and lifted him up.
“Please… don’t kill me! I’ll give you anything you want!” Draven was scared and quickly pleaded, trying to strike a deal.
“Kill you? Isn’t that too easy on you?” With one smooth motion, the dark shadow assassin flung Draven skyward. He then leaped upward and kicked him in the stomach.
Draven was sent flying a couple of hundred yards away like a ball above numerous soldiers. He sailed past the main entrance of the castle and landed inside. Many injuries and bruises covered his body. And he coughed up blood as he groaned in pain.
“Seize him!” Eloise, who had been waiting for quite a while, quickly ordered her soldiers to tie Draven up.
They had already captured two of the Four Northern Sovereigns. The castle would no longer be at risk when the other two were captured.
“Your turn now!”
Outside the castle, Dustin lifted his head suddenly. His sharp gaze landed on Atticus and Ignatius in the distance. Lifting his sword, he charged toward them.
###Chapter 1820 by Marina Vittori
Dustin’s plan was simple. He wanted to capture the leaders before anything else. When the battle started, he let Austin and the Draken Guardians take on the majority of the enemy. Then, he would take the opportunity to attack the core and capture the Four Northern Sovereigns.
With his abilities, he might not be able to fight the large troops, but he could easily capture the leaders among the soldiers.
To prevent the Four Northern Sovereigns from running away, he kept his true potential hidden when he first’ got into the battle. He wanted to show them that he was weak.
He kept this cover until Draven and Mortimer’s royal guards were lured away, at which point he revealed his true abilities and captured both of them.
Now that Draven and Mortimer had been captured, he only had to deal with Atticus and Ignatius. The army surrounding the castle would surrender when the two were captured.
“It’s your turn now!” Dustin focused his gaze, and as soon as he found them, he charged toward them with his sword.
“Quick! Stop him!”
“Over here! Hurry! Don’t let him get any closer!”
Atticus and Ignatius were shouting for help, looking panicked. They had seen many skilled fighters on the battlefield. Yet, even the best fighters would die when surrounded.
However, this assassin was completely different. Instead of showing signs of fatigue, he was getting better and more formidable by the minute!
It was unbelievable that the troop of at least a few thousand soldiers couldn’t stop the lone assassin!
This person was comparable to Seth Hughes, the Sword Whisperer. When did the West Lucozian monarchy acquire such a skilled fighter?
“Protect the sovereigns!”
Atticus and Ignatius’ royal guards quickly formed a defensive formation in hopes of slowing Dustin down when they saw him rushing toward them with an unstoppable momentum.
They knew that they were unable to Dustin. They only wanted to buy more, time for Atticus and Ignatius to escape safely.
“Sir! Ignore the commotion! Get in the car!”
A few trusted royal guards pushed Atticus and Ignatius into the car without hesitation.
They had already sealed the roads around the castle when they surrounded it. There would be no obstruction on the road, and their journey should be smooth sailing.
The royal guards only had to hold on for a few minutes longer for Atticus and Ignatius to get to a safe area and hide. It wouldn’t be too late if they showed up after the soldiers had killed the assassin.
“Not so fast!” When he saw them leaving, Dustin swung his sword, and it transformed into a dark light. He dashed forward, aiming toward the car.
“Ultimate defense!”
A few hundred royal guards threw their weapons away and drew their shields, forming a sturdy human wall. They knew they couldn’t fight the enemy and had chosen to defend with full force.
“Get lost!” Dustin didn’t avoid it and crashed right into the human wall.
His sword danced, and blood splattered on the ground. Wherever his blade struck, everything would be split into halves. It didn’t matter if it was a human or a shield.
Even though he was unstoppable, it was obvious that there was more resistance. Dustin’s speed had been slowed down significantly.
“Hold your ground! We must not retreat!” the leaders of the royal guards shouted to their team.
They were buying time with the lives of other human beings. However, their difference in strength was obvious.
They could all sacrifice themselves, but they still wouldn’t be able to stop Dustin’s attack. They could, at most, slow him down.
“Start the car! Start it now!” Atticus and Ignatius cried urgently in the car.
One of the royal guards got into the driver seat, revved the engine, and floored the accelerator. The car drove away like a cheetah sprinting and left the battlefield quickly.
The people in the car let out a long sigh of relief as they got further away from the battlefield.
“Fuck! That was dangerous! We were so close to being captured!”
###Chapter 1821 by Marina Vittori
Atticus wiped the cold sweat from his forehead and could still feel the fear within him. It was a good thing they left first.
He was fortunate to have his royal guards sacrificing themselves to buy him time. If that assassin got any closer, they might just end up being captured alive, just like Draven and Mortimer.
If that happened, all their efforts would go down the drain, and they might even lose their status and lives.
“That’s weird. When did the monarchy acquire such a skilled fighter? Even a few thousand soldiers couldn’t stop him.” Ignatius frowned, lost in thoughts. According to their investigation, the monarchy had two skilled fighters- Jaxon Steele and Albert Horst.
Albert Horst was held captive by Julius Rhys, and Jaxon Steele was on the battlefield. Even if there was another elite team hidden in the castle, the Four Northern Sovereigns wouldn’t be caught off guard. The assassin was the only factor that was beyond their expectation.
It wouldn’t be an issue if it was a normal assassin. However, the assassin was too powerful. He was so skilled that he could easily behead them despite the troops surrounding them.
The terrifying sense of doom was beyond what Albert Horst and Jason Steele could instill. It was a serious threat for them.
“I think we should report this to Grand General Rhys as soon as possible. We must be very careful. This assassin is too powerful. If he was on a mission to behead us, we wouldn’t be able to prevent it!” Atticus said with a grave expression.
“That’s right! Contact Grand General Rhys immediately. We’ll ask him to quell the battle himself with his troops. We must use this opportunity to kill the assassin. If not, we’d be in a lot of trouble!” Ignatius said in a low voice.
“Right away!” The royal guard on the passenger seat heard the order and immediately took out his phone to send a message.
Suddenly, the driver stepped on the brake. The tires skidded across the road, leaving four long tire marks.
Atticus and Ignatius jolted forward in the car, and their heads slammed against the back of the front seats.
“What’s going on? Why did we stop?” Atticus massaged his head, sounding annoyed.
“Sir, there’s someone blocking the road ahead!” The driver pointed to the front.
When they finally got a closer look, they saw a middle-aged man in black armor with a spear in his hand standing fearlessly at the crossroad.
“It’s Elijah Valor, the Marquis of Silvercrest!”
When they saw him, Atticus and Ignatius frowned immediately. They had no idea that Elijah Valor would take part in this battle. And from the looks of it, he wasn’t on their side.
It must be made known that in the West Lucozian sovereigns, Elijah had always ranked first when it came to fighting skills among the eight of them. Even if the remaining seven joined forces, they’d still lose to Elijah Valor.
It might be worth a try if they still had their royal guards with them. However, they only had two of their royal guards with them. It was impossible for them to fight Elijah.
“Atticus Gleam and Ignatius Vance! How dare you stage a rebellion! Get out of the car now and surrender! If not, don’t blame me when I have to kill both of you!” Elijah bellowed. His voice was like thunder as it echoed continuously around them.
“Sir! Should I run him over?” the driver asked.
“Heck no!” Atticus said exasperatedly, “Elijah is a very skilled fighter. He’s never lost in a battle. If we run him over, we’d be dead meat!”
“What should we do then? Are we really going to surrender?” Ignatius was a little nervous.
“Back up! We’ll escape from another direction!” Atticus ordered.
“Yes, sir!” The driver stepped on the accelerator and made a turn, speeding away.
However, a dark figure descended from the sky. Like a harbinger, he landed just a hundred yards away from the car and blocked its way.
The figure was none other than Dustin, who had just fought his way out of a siege!
###Chapter 1822 by Marina Vittori
Dustin was bathed in blood, exuding a dangerous presence. His black shirt was now dark crimson from the enemy’s blood. The Celestial Blade in his hand was quivering and buzzing softly. It felt as if he would attack anytime.
“Damn! How is he so fast?”
Atticus’ face paled when he saw Dustin standing before them. He thought that the royal guards would keep Dustin occupied for a while.
He had no idea they had been defeated, and Dustin was already catching up with them.
“We’re trapped! We’re in trouble now!” Ignatius was getting anxious. They were fighting alone now. They were trapped between two skilled fighters and couldn’t fight back.
It’d be better if it were just Elijah. He might not kill them due to their status. However, this assassin was different.
They saw how he killed ruthlessly and efficiently on the battlefield. If they resisted him, he might just kill them immediately.
“Atticus, what should we do now?” Ignatius asked, gulping in fear. Atticus sighed when he heard Ignatius and said with despair, “What else can we do? We have nowhere to run now. If we don’t want to die, we can only surrender.”
“Surrender?” Ignatius frowned. ”
Atticus, we just staged a rebellion. If we surrender, we’ll be exiled if we’re lucky. If not, they’ll publicly execute us! Regardless of the outcome, we’re doomed!”
“Of course I know that. However, we really have no other choice.” Atticus glanced at Dustin, who was ready to kill and looked at Elijah, who was still standing bravely.
He said bitterly, “Rather than being killed, we would at least be alive if we surrender. Besides, Grand General Rhys hasn’t made his move yet. As long as we’re alive, we can still regain what we lost!”
Ignatius suddenly lit up when he heard that. “That’s right! Grand General Rhys is still on our side! We haven’t lost completely!”
“Let’s surrender. We just need to be patient for a while longer before we welcome a brighter future!” Atticus took a deep breath.
“Alright, we’ll surrender!” Ignatius nodded. It might be humiliating to surrender, but they could at least stay alive.
They only needed to be patient and wait for the right moment to start again. Then, they would work together with Julius Rhys to take over West Lucozia.
After a short discussion, Atticus and Ignatius got out of the car one by one and shouted, “Hold on! We are ready to negotiate! Don’t attack!”
Their shout stopped Dustin and Elijah, who were getting ready to attack.
“Hmph! Old foxes like you know what’s good for you. If you were a few minutes slower, I would be leaving spear marks all over your bodies.”
Elijah dragged his spear on the road as he walked toward them, leaving sparks flying.
“Marquis of Silvercrest, what are you doing here?” Atticus asked inquisitively.
“The Four Northern Sovereigns started a rebellion, and I am a loyal servant to the country. How could I possibly ignore this? I rushed here through the night to quell the insurgency caused by you bastards!” Elijah huffed.
“Marquis of Silvercrest, there must have been a misunderstanding. We’re avenging the prince. We’re here to capture the killer with our soldiers,” Atticus tried to explain.
“Atticus Gleam, do you take me for a fool? Look at where we are now. Do you still think that you can escape?” Elijah sneered coldly.
###Chapter 1823 by Marina Vittori
A perfunctory speech like this would only fool the public. If they thought it could fool Elijah, it’d be an insult to his intelligence.
“Elijah, let us be honest with you now that it has come to this. We’ll tell you everything.”
Ignatius took two steps forward and said seriously, “After the death of the prince, we need a new leader. Who do you think is most suitable to be the new ruler of West Lucozia?”
“What are you trying to say?” Elijah sneered.
“I believe you’re well aware that the best candidate is Julius Rhys, the Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry!” Ignatius said, raising his head.
He added, “Only when the grand general becomes the ruler of West of Lucozia can we have better development, more land, and more military reserves.
“This is inevitable, and there’s nothing you can do to change it. You’re smart. I trust that you know what is in your best favor?”
“Are you saying that I should join forces with you?” Elijah wore a cryptic smile on his face.
“That’s right!” Ignatius nodded.
He said proudly, “The grand general is very skilled in martial arts, powerful, and talented. He’s more than qualified to be the new ruler.
“As the saying goes, a wise man will choose their leader. If you pledge your allegiance to the grand general, your future will be in good hands. You’ll have everything you ever wish for!”
“That’s right, Marquis of Silvercrest.” Atticus followed suit. “We used to serve the same prince, and we got along just fine. As long as we serve a wise leader, our lives will definitely become better!”
“That doesn’t sound too bad.” Elijah’s lips curved upward.
“Does that mean you’ll join us?” Ignatius’ eyes lit up when he thought he had successfully persuaded Elijah.
“Marquis of Silvercrest! You’re an excellent fighter. If you help us deal with this assassin, we’ll definitely put in a good word or two for you with the grand general,” Atticus said and pointed toward Dustin.
“Hey, hold on. Who said I agreed to join forces with you?”
With a devilish smile, Elijah added, ” I’m a very loyal servant to my country, not like you bastards. Please do not impose your corrupt thinking on my noble sentiments.”
“Elijah Valor! Don’t you know what’s good for you? How dare you go against the grand general?” Ignatius growled.
“So what?” Elijah shrugged and said indifferently, “I’ve already consulted the oracle. Julius Rhys is not fated to be the new ruler. You have placed your bets on the wrong person.”
“Nonsense! The grand general was born to be a ruler! There’s no one like him. The grand general is destined to be the new prince of West Lucozia!” Ignatius shouted with his eyes wide open.
Elijah laughed and said with a vague smile, “Are you sure you’ll succeed this time?”
“Of course!”
Ignatius puffed up his chest and said confidently, “The grand general is now fully prepared. No one will be able to go against him.
“Let me be honest with you. In addition to the 50 thousand soldiers inside the city, we have a troop of 100 thousand soldiers stationed outside the city.
“We have the whole kingdom surrounded. It doesn’t matter if you can fly. You won’t be able to make any difference!”
“Is that so? If you’re this invincible, why are you in a ditch now?” Elijah laughed.
“We underestimated our enemy and fell into their trap. But it’s not a big deal. It won’t change the final outcome, “Ignatius said.
He continued, “Elijah Valor, if you know what’s good for you, you should help the grand general ascend to the throne together with us. As such, you’ll get to enjoy the riches with us.”
Then, he threatened in a low voice, “If not, I’m afraid that you’ll suffer a terrible fate!”
“A terrible fate?” Elijah suddenly burst out laughing.
“Oh, Ignatius. You’re already dead meat! And yet, here you are, still spewing bullshit. I’m not sure if you can call this confidence or foolishness.
“Let me tell you a cruel truth. The Southern Four Sovereigns have already formed an alliance, and we have gathered a lot of loyal servants of the country.
“As we speak, your troops outside the city have been surrounded, and they have already surrendered. Death is the only thing waiting for people like you!”
###Chapter 1824 by Marina Vittori
Upon hearing Elijah’s words, Atticus and Ignatius were visibly taken aback, finding it difficult to accept.
“Impossible!” Ignatius immediately rejected the idea. “Our well-trained and well-equipped army of 100 thousand, surrendering? No way!”
“You’re absolutely right!” Atticus scoffed. He added, “Even if the Southern Four Sovereigns combined their forces, there’s no conceivable way they could defeat our hundred thousand troops overnight. You’re just trying to make us panic!”
The combined military might of the Southern Four Sovereigns hovered around two to three hundred thousand.
Even if they mobilized their entire force, swiftly overcoming their substantial force of 100 thousand proved to be a formidable challenge. After all, the defenders had strategically fortified their positions, providing considerable resilience even against odds multiple times their own.
Moreover, the Four Sovereigns couldn’t afford to deploy their entire military strength, as a portion had to be held in reserve to safeguard their cities from unforeseen threats. Given these circumstances, triumphing against their formidable army became an even more difficult task.
“A direct confrontation might not work, but if we shift our strategy, the scenario changes entirely,” Elijah said, his tone hinting at amusement.
He continued, “Consider your soldiers. They have loved ones, family, and friends. Imagine the reaction if their close ones learn about their rebellion.
“And suppose we bring the family and friends of those officers to persuade them in the military camps. What do you think the outcome might be?”
Elijah’s words left Atticus and Ignatius momentarily stunned, their bodies frozen in place. Beads of cold sweat formed on their foreheads.
Their initial covert siege on Celestria, though shrouded in a veil of loyalty, would inevitably be perceived as a rebellion by the general public.
As rumors spread, the military ranks were already plagued by doubt. Though bound by orders, each soldier harbored uncertainty.
In the face of unexpected circumstances, especially if Elijah’s plan unfolded with officers’ families influencing sentiments in the camps, the entire army might crumble in spirit. In such a scenario, surrendering without a fight became a stark reality.
As seasoned warriors, Atticus and Ignatius recognized the critical importance of morale. When doubt permeated the ranks about the righteousness of their cause, victory was already slipping away.
“How about it? Scared?” Elijah sneered, his eyes watching them as if they were jesters performing on a stage.
“No! That’s impossible! You must be lying. If our hundred thousand troops truly surrendered, why haven’t we received any news at all?” Ignatius remained incredulous.
“That’s your problem, not mine.” Elijah shrugged.
“Humph! Stop trying to intimidate us! Even if you say all that, it’s useless. You can’t deceive us because your words have a glaring inconsistency, an unexplainable gap,” Atticus said, narrowing his eyes at Elijah.
“Oh, really? What inconsistency?” Elijah asked with a smile.
“If the Southern Four Sovereigns really joined forces and your colossal army is advancing, and you’ve persuaded our hundred thousand troops. Then, where are the people?” Ignatius sneered.
He continued, emphasizing the lack of evidence. “You’ve said so much, yet we only see you here. Where are the other three sovereigns? Where are your thousands of troops? Are they hiding, or do they simply not exist? Everything you’re saying is just a lie.”
“That’s right! If you’re up for it, bring them forward, and let’s have a face-to- face conversation!” Atticus chimed in.
Undoubtedly, Elijah’s words packed a punch, adeptly pinpointing their most vulnerable spot. Yet, the challenge remained, as he was merely talking without providing any concrete evidence.
###Chapter 1825 by Marina Vittori
Hence, Elijah’s words lacked credibility. Elijah chuckled, treating them like jesters. “Even in such dire straits, the two of you refuse to give up?”
He continued, “Fine, since you insist on seeing the evidence, I’ll show you.” He raised his hand and flicked his fingers.
A golden streak shot into the sky, exploding with a resounding bang. It transformed into a myriad of golden specks, gently descending like confetti.
After a moment, rhythmic footsteps echoed from the distant end of the street. Growing louder as they approached, Atticus and Ignatius could feel the ground beneath their feet subtly vibrating.
As the footsteps advanced, the ground tremors intensified. Upon sensing this, Atticus and Ignatius felt an unsettling premonition.
Before they could comprehend what was happening, a multitude of silhouettes appeared on the horizon. The sheer number covered the entire street, extending beyond their line of sight.
“How … how is this possible?”
Staring at the densely packed soldiers ahead, Atticus and Ignatius were dumbfounded. They had harbored a glimmer of hope, thinking Elijah’s words were just an attempt to sow fear. Now, any remaining defiance was drained from their faces.
Their 100 thousand-strong army guarded the city gates. External forces could not have breached them. The sudden appearance of this formidable new force meant only one thing-their own troops had indeed surrendered.
Elijah had spoken the truth. Ultimately, it was Atticus and Ignatius who had been deceiving themselves.
“Atticus, Ignatius, what you see now is only a fraction of it,” Elijah said. “Our alliance has three more armies, led by the Three Sovereigns, advancing rapidly from three directions toward the castle.”
He went on, “If I’m not mistaken, their forces should already be near the castle, perhaps even clashing with your people. Your forces are now trapped.”
“Unless you surrender, complete annihilation is only a matter of time. I say your situation is hopeless, with no chance of turning the tide.”
Elijah spoke with conviction, rendering the two men pale and drenched in sweat. Overwhelmed by a fragile mental state, Atticus sank to the ground in defeat.
“We’re done for, completely done for. The army outside the city is captured, and the army inside is surrounded. We’re defeated on all fronts!” Atticus lamented, his face drained of color.
“No! We haven’t lost yet!” Ignatius swallowed hard, feigning composure.
He added, “Though our army may have faltered, as long as Grand General Rhys remains undefeated, we still have hope to turn the tables!”
“Exactly! As long as Grand General Rhys is alive, we still have hope.”
Atticus nodded. He had found a new hope.
Julius commanded a significant share of West Lucozia’s military might. With credible justification, he held the ability to activate the military insignia and deploy the formidable Black Dragon Army, totaling 200 thousand soldiers.
The military strength of the Four Sovereigns in the south paled in comparison to the might of the Black Dragon Army.
Atticus and Ignatius just needed Julius to lead the charge, and the tables would turn completely.
###Chapter 1826 by Marina Vittori
“Alright, enough of your squabbling. Whether Julius becomes prince or not, you’ll find out tonight,” Elijah said impatiently, waving his hand.
He ordered his men, “Bring these rebels in and keep a close eye on them!”
“Yes, sir!” A squad of guards promptly approached, tightly binding Atticus and Ignatius.
“Elijah! We’re all sovereigns here. It’s disrespectful to treat us like this in public,” Atticus protested.
“Disrespectful?” Elijah sneered. “Both of you are now prisoners. What respect are you talking about?”
“Elijah! The outcome is still uncertain. Have you considered the consequences if Grand General Rhys ascends the throne, and you’ve treated us like this? “Atticus frowned.
“He’s right! You’re in power now, and that might not last forever. It’s wise to leave room for future interactions. Don’t go too far!” Ignatius chimed in.
“Whether you two will live through tonight is questionable. Don’t dare to rant in front of me. Gag them! I don’t want to hear any more noise,” Elijah ordered again.
“You-”
Before Atticus and Ignatius could say more, their mouths were forcefully sealed, and they could only make muffled sounds.
“Take them away!” Elijah gestured, and the two were escorted onto a waiting car.
Then, Elijah’s gaze shifted to Dustin. ” You look familiar. Have we met before?”
“We have. I’m from the castle,” Dustin replied.
“Oh, really?” Elijah narrowed his eyes, expressing skepticism. “I’m familiar with all the top talents in the castle, but you? I don’t recognize you. What’s your background?”
“My identity will be revealed in due time. Farewell, sir!” Dustin saluted Elijah, then with a swift step, he turned into a shadow and vanished down the street.
“Such speed!” Elijah was surprised.
With a deep understanding of martial arts, he deemed himself to be among the top five fighters in all of West Lucozia.
The person who had just left gave Elijah a sense of profound mystery. Vaguely, he even saw shadows of the Sword Whisperer, Seth Hughes.
“Move! Reinforce the castle!” Without dwelling on it, Elijah immediately led a considerable force toward the castle. At the castle gates, Draven and Mortimer, the two sovereigns, were bound and suspended at the entrance.
“Halt! Cease all actions!” Eloise brandished her sword and shouted, “If you don’t stop, I’ll kill your lords!”
As soon as she spoke, half of the soldiers halted their movements. They hesitated and were uncertain. The tumultuous battlefield suddenly quieted down.
“Drop your weapons!” Eloise commanded once more. Soldiers glanced at each other, undecided, their gazes focusing on their respective generals.
“Drop your weapons!” she reiterated. She swung her longsword, placing it against Draven’s neck.
The sharp blade cut through the flesh, and a trickle of blood seeped out, dripping along the edge of the blade.
Feeling the cold sensation on his neck, Draven nearly wet himself. He immediately shouted, “Are you all deaf? Drop your weapons!”
“Quick! Drop your weapons!” several commanders bellowed, alarmed by the peril their lord faced.
The clatter of discarded weapons resonated through the air.
###Chapter 1827 by Marina Vittori
After the command was issued, Draven’s soldiers dropped their weapons.
“And you! Tell your men to drop their weapons!” Eloise turned her attention to Mortimer, her blade now pressed against his throat.
“Drop your weapons!” Faced with her fierce gaze, Mortimer shouted for his men to surrender. The metallic clatter of weapons hitting the ground echoed as Mortimer’s soldiers followed suit.
Approximately 60% of the battlefield had yielded. Meanwhile, the remaining 40%, though still armed, displayed a palpable sense of unease and confusion.
In warfare, diminished morale posed the greatest risk. Upon witnessing their comrades surrendering, it left them hesitant to initiate an attack.
Furthermore, the absence of their lord added a critical dimension to the situation. With tens of thousands of soldiers left without a leader, the lack of command left them uncertain about their next course of action.
“Soldiers, your lord has abandoned you. Will you still fight for him?” Eloise’s powerful voice resonated across the scene.
She continued, “I understand you acted under orders, but if you surrender now, I can overlook today’s events. However, resist, and I will ensure severe consequences for all of you and your families.
“Consider your choices carefully!”
A palpable sense of authority emanated from her.
“Did our lord actually manage to escape? What’s our next move?”
“Don’t look at me. Who am I supposed to ask?”
“This war shouldn’t have happened in the first place. It’s clearly a rebellion. If the truth comes out, we’re all in trouble!”
“The followers of Sir Vice and Sir Thorne have already surrendered. Maybe we should surrender, too? Her Highness has assured us there won’t be any further repercussions.”
The soldiers whispered among themselves, grappling with the situation. The absence of military orders kept them from making rash moves.
Suddenly, a rhythmic and thunderous sound of marching footsteps emerged from all directions.
A large contingent of fully armed troops appeared at the end of every street, creating a formidable encirclement around the castle. Their superior numbers and imposing demeanor contrasted sharply with the demoralized rebels.
“What’s happening? Where did these people come from?”
“Look at their flags. They seem to be troops from the Southern Four Sovereigns.”
“What? Didn’t our forces secure the city gates? How did these foreign troops breach our defenses? Could it be that our external forces have been defeated?”
In the face of the sudden appearance of reinforcements for the castle, the rebel forces were visibly shaken, and their panic was evident.
“Those who surrender will be spared!” Eloise declared once more, her voice ringing out with authority.
“Those who surrender will be spared!” Austin declared as he lifted his sword, the call echoing with authority.
“Those who surrender will be spared!” Jaxon and the Draken Guardians shouted in unison.
“Those who surrender will be spared!” The surrounding castle reinforcements added their voices to the powerful chorus.
Their voices reverberated through the skies, lingering in the air.
###Chapter 1828 by Marina Vittori
The echo of “Those who surrender will be spared” lingered in the airspace above the castle, casting a shadow over the panic-stricken rebels who now seemed utterly devoid of any fighting spirit.
A symphony of clattering ensued as an increasing number of soldiers dropped their weapons. Even the most tenacious were swiftly subdued, rendering the once defiant castle defenses feeble.
The capture of the four sovereigns, along with the remaining rebels scattering for their lives, left the besieged forces with limited options. Either surrender or face imminent demise.
In the face of an unidentified adversary, they were unwilling to lay down their lives in a futile struggle.
“I will honor the promise I just made. Anyone who willingly surrenders will be pardoned,” Eloise assured. Her tone was now gentler, devoid of the earlier imposing aura.
The surrendered soldiers were both relieved and embarrassed.
“Thank you, Your Highness, for your mercy!”
Many military officers humbly kneeled on the ground to express their heartfelt gratitude.
“Thank you, Your Highness, for your mercy!”
Officers and soldiers alike kneeled in submission, transforming the once tumultuous battlefield into a sea of capitulation. They were sincerely grateful for Eloise’s kindness.
She turned her attention to Draven and Mortimer, who were still suspended at the castle gate, looking thoroughly disheveled. “How about you two?”
“We… we surrender!”
Draven and Mortimer exchanged glances, choosing to yield. With the arrival of reinforcements for the castle, it became evident that their external forces had suffered a resounding defeat.
The vanguard attacking the castle now kneeled in submission, turning Draven and Mortimer into hostages.
At least, putting on the fa?ade of surrender seemed to be their only recourse in this situation.
However, deep down, a sliver of hope remained. If Grand General Rhys could lead the Black Dragon Army to their aid, there might still be a chance to turn the tide.
The Black Dragon Army was formidable against the forces of the Eight Sovereigns. However, they were confined to various major fortresses without military insignia, making large -scale troop movements impossible.
Moreover, it necessitated Julius’s direct intervention. This was the primary reason for his delayed return. Of course, the most critical aspect was the unforeseen flaws in what seemed like an infallible plan.
Firstly, the military forces of the Southern Four Sovereigns arrived too swiftly. The hundred thousand defending troops outside the city mysteriously surrendered after an unexplained defeat.
Additionally, the existence of an unknown top-tier warrior within the castle caught them off guard, leading to the capture of the Four Sovereigns and the flight of the rebels.
This resulted in the surrender of tens of thousands of troops.
###Chapter 1829 by Marina Vittori
Now, Draven and Mortimer’s only hope rested on Julius leading the Black Dragon Army to their aid.
“Though you two may not be the masterminds, you are accomplices. Capital punishment is avoidable, but you won’t escape judgment,” Eloise declared coldly.
She went on, “Take them away and guard them closely. No one should approach without my orders.”
“Understood!”
Several guards approached, forcefully taking the bounded Draven and Mortimer away.
“General Steele, handle the surrendering forces. Too many lives have been lost today, and I don’t want to see more casualties,” she instructed, looking at Jaxon.
“Understood!” Jaxon nodded solemnly.
“Your Highness, your compassion is admirable!”
Four figures emerged from the army, creating a path as they walked. They were the Southern Four Sovereigns- Elijah, Lincon, Tyrus, and Wyatt.
“We arrived late to the rescue. Apologies for startling you, Your Highness,” Lincon humbly greeted.
“Sir Blaze, no need for apologies. Without your timely arrival, the castle would have been in danger. You all are deserving heroes!” Eloise said and walked toward Lincon.
The swift deployment of reinforcements by the Southern Four Sovereigns caught her by surprise. It was evident that these men arrived promptly, traversing through the night without any delay.
“Protecting the castle and defending West Lucozia is our responsibility,” he remarked with a smile.
“Absolutely! If it weren’t for His Highness saving my life back then, I wouldn’t be enjoying the good days I have now. As long as we can ensure the castle’s safety, I’m more than willing to risk my life for it!” Wyatt declared boldly.
He was known for his straightforwardness and loyalty among the Southern Four Sovereigns.
“Your Highness, from now on, we are family. If the castle is in trouble, I will wholeheartedly support it,” Tyrus said with a warm smile.
“Family?” Eloise raised an eyebrow, glancing at Austin beside her. Then, she smiled. “Yes, you all are His Highness’s dear brothers, so naturally, we are family.”
“Your Highness, forgive my directness. Although the immediate crisis is resolved, there’s still a significant threat,” Elijah interjected.
“What do you mean?” She pretended not to know.
“Grand General Rhys is the real danger. The rebels were his men. Even though we’ve caught some, he remains a major threat.
“You all understand Julius commands a vast army. So, losing a few underlings means nothing to him. He might even launch a more intense attack,” he warned.
“True, Julius is cunning and daring. We must be cautious,” Tyrus agreed, nodding.
“Why fear? We’ll stand our ground. With the four of us and the castle’s strength, it’s possible to handle Julius alone.” Wyatt shrugged dismissively.
“Sir Mitchell, have you considered if Julius calls upon the Black Dragon Army? How will we react?” Elijah countered.
“The Black Dragon Army?” Wyatt frowned.
He added, “No way. The Black Dragon Army only recognizes His Highness and the military insignia. Even Julius, as the grand general, has no authority for large-scale mobilization without ongoing warfare.”
“True. But now that His Highness is deceased and until a new one ascends, Julius is the most influential figure in West Lucozia,” Elijah explained.
He went on, “Additionally, having served as the grand general of the Black Dragon Army for years, he likely has gathered a group of loyalists. For a good reason, he could easily mobilize tens of thousands of troops. It’s not a big issue.”
“A good reason? Julius rebelled and committed grave crimes. What reason could there be? The Black Dragon Army consists of loyal soldiers. I don’t believe they’d join a rebellion,” Wyatt argued.
“Julius rebelled, but except for us, who would know? As for the reason, it’s simple. After His Highness’s death, the Eight Sovereigns rebelled to seize power,” Elijah said with a shrug.
He added, “As the grand general, Julius could call upon the Black Dragon Army to quell the rebellion. It’s only a matter of killing all who know the truth. Ultimately, he decides the narrative.”
###Chapter 1830 by Marina Vittori
“What? Kill to cover it up?” Wyatt’s face instantly darkened.
He added, “You’re not joking, are you? The Northern Four Sovereigns are all Julius’ people. How could he possibly indiscriminately slaughter them?”
“Those who achieve great things must be ruthless. For someone like Julius, with extensive military experience, sacrificing some soldiers is nothing,” Elijah said calmly.
He went on, “Of course, this is the ultimate plan. Suppose the Northern Four Sovereigns successfully seize power and retrieve the Marshal’s military insignia. In that case, he won’t need to take such risks. He can ascend directly.”
He concluded, “However, if the Northern Four Sovereigns fail, for the sake of his grand ambition, I believe Julius will resort to any means necessary.”
The more ambitious someone was, the more unconventional their actions could become. Previously, under Rufus’ rule, Julius concealed his true intentions, patiently biding his time.
Now, with Rufus gone, Julius was free from constraints and emerged as an unstoppable force akin to an unleashed tempest.
“If that’s the case, we should indeed be cautious,” Wyatt said.
The Black Dragon Army was the strongest force in West Lucozia and possibly the world. Whoever controlled the Black Dragon Army could dominate them all.
As the grand general, if Julius exploited the pretext of restoring order in the name of loyalty to the throne, there would be a considerable likelihood of controlling the Black Dragon Army.
In the inevitable conflict that followed, the lines between right and wrong blurred. Only the victorious could lay claim to the throne, while the vanquished were relegated to the status of the defeated.
“Esteemed lords, as the pillars of West Lucozia, your insights are invaluable. Do you have any strategies to suggest?” Eloise inquired cautiously.
“I’m good at fighting, not so much at strategizing,” Wyatt said helplessly.
“Me neither,” Tyrus said, shaking his head.
“Sir Blaze, you’re wise and experienced. How about offering some insights?” Elijah looked at Lincon.
They successfully persuaded the army at the castle gates to surrender due to Lincon’s strategy of influencing officers through their friends and family.
Many officers, although unafraid of death themselves, cared about the well- being of their loved ones. Through this emotional approach, they managed to subdue the hundred-thousand-strong army without a single loss.
“I may not be a genius, but I do have two immature ideas,” Lincon said.
“Oh? Sir Blaze, please share,” Eloise’s eyes lit up.
Julius was a massive threat, and the sooner they dealt with him, the better.
“The first idea, for the simplest and most effective stabilization of the situation, is to immediately select a new Prince of West Lucozia and announce it to the world,” Lincon suggested.
He went on, “This way, even if Julius wants to seize power, he won’t find any excuse to deploy troops. Otherwise, it would be considered rebellion. The Black Dragon Army’s leaders won’t heed his orders.”
“Great idea!” Wyatt’s eyes sparkled. ” Once the prince is decided, Julius won’t stir up much trouble unless he burns all bridges and risks everything to rebel. But that’s basically a suicidal path.”
“Exactly.” Tyrus nodded. “In my opinion, we might as well have Austin ascend tonight. Then, announce it to the world tomorrow morning.”
His daughter was already engaged to Austin. The sooner Austin ascended to the throne, the sooner Tyrus’ daughter would become the new princess consort.
###Chapter 1831 by Marina Vittori
“While the idea has merit, there’s a drawback,” Elijah said.
He went on, “For a new prince to ascend, we need the king’s approval and officials’ testimony. Without it, convincing people is challenging.”
He added, “Also, obtaining the king’s consent and officials’ testimony would take at least three days. In our current situation, we simply can’t afford to wait that long.”
“Really? Is it that complicated for a new prince to ascend?” Wyatt frowned.
He added, “Everyone knows Austin is Prince Rufus’ son. It should be a natural choice for him to become the next Prince of West Lucozia.”
“Yeah! They say desperate times call for desperate measures,” Tyrus chimed in.
“Do you two think ascending the throne is like choosing a mountain king? Just planting a flag, having a few drinks, and saying some bold words will get the job done? Don’t be ridiculous!” Elijah said, somewhat exasperated.
He went on, “The position of Prince of West Lucozia is not just about the people of West Lucozia. It affects all the people in the world.
“If West Lucozia is in chaos, the world will be in chaos. If West Lucozia is stable, the world will be stable.
“To put it bluntly, the weight of West Lucozia’s throne is not inferior to the king’s position. It’s such a crucial position. Do you really think it’s as simple as making a choice? Just sit down and become one?”
“Sir Valor has a point. Although I’d like Austin to ascend to stabilize the military, inheriting the throne is no child’s play. If it’s too rushed, it might backfire and give others an excuse to meddle.” Eloise shook her head.
Without proper procedures, the throne of West Lucozia carried too much weight. It wouldn’t count without the king’s decree and officials’ testimony.
“You guys are too bound by rules, overthinking everything and missing opportunities,” Wyatt retorted.
“If Austin can’t ascend now, once Julius ‘ army presses in, won’t we be done for? “Tyrus furrowed his brow.
“Sir Blaze, don’t you have another solution? Just spit it out. No need to beat around the bush,” Elijah said, looking at Lincon again.
“The second method is a bit more complicated and riskier, with a success rate of around 50%,” Lincon said.
“50%? That’s low but worth a shot.
What’s the plan?” Wyatt asked cautiously.
“Execute a targeted decapitation operation,” Lincon said, dropping a bombshell. He continued, “Right now, our biggest threat is Julius. If he dies, his generals won’t pose much of a threat. The crisis in the castle would naturally be resolved.”
“Decapitation operation?” Wyatt rubbed his chin, his expression serious.
He added, “It seems feasible, but the risk is too high. Julius has numerous troops and skilled individuals. Assassinating him is an immensely challenging task, given the substantial forces and formidable experts surrounding him.”
“Yeah! With the war already underway, Julius will undoubtedly be cautious and guard against assassinations. Among us, the strongest is only the Marquis of Silvercrest,” Tyrus said, looking at Elijah.
“Hey! Why are you looking at me? I’m not eager to go and die,” Elijah flatly refused.
Considering the ultimate grandmasters possibly present in Julius’s inner circle, attempting an assassination raised doubts about its possibility and posed significant risks.
Undertaking such a mission could have ultimately led to dire consequences for those involved.
“If the Marquis of Silvercrest won’t go, who else is suitable?” Tyrus furrowed his brow. He continued, “We don’t have anyone powerful and fearless enough to be an assassin. Where can we find one on short notice?”
“Let me go. I have some confidence. I can go one-on-one with Julius.” Jaxon suddenly stepped forward. 1
As the captain of the royal guards, his strength was approaching the level of an ultimate grandmaster. He might even have a fighting chance against a true ultimate grandmaster if he went all out.
###Chapter 1832 by Marina Vittori
Jaxon’s announcement immediately captured the attention of everyone present. Eloise hesitated for a moment, opening her mouth as if she wanted to say something.
After all, he was the captain of the royal guards and someone she trusted. Hence, she didn’t want to see him risking his life in this situation. However, given the circumstances, there didn’t seem to be a more suitable candidate.
“General Steele’s strength is unquestionable, and his loyalty is unwavering. There’s indeed a chance of successfully assassinating Julius with him.” Wyatt nodded.
As the captain of the royal guards, Jaxon’s strength was beyond doubt, and his loyalty was unwavering.
“General Steele, I don’t mean to underestimate you, but relying solely on you might not be enough,” Elijah suddenly said.
“Wait! What about that legendary Executioner?” Tyrus asked suddenly. He added, “The name Executioner is famous far and wide. In terms of strength, he should be no less than General Steele, right?”
“No, Sir Albert surpasses me by far,” Jaxon said truthfully.
Despite being the captain of the royal guards and considered the top warrior in the castle, Rufus’ true trump card was Albert, known as the Executioner.
The three great generals of West Lucozia-Sword Whisperer, Drunken Maniac, and the Executioner.
With the Sword Whisperer fallen and the Drunken Maniac missing, the Executioner had become one of the top- tier warriors in West Lucozia, approaching the level of an ultimate grandmaster.
At that thought, Jaxon couldn’t help but feel inferior to Albert.
“Great! Since the Executioner is more powerful than General Steele, it’s better to have him on the mission for a higher chance of success,” Tyrus said excitedly.
“Sorry, but Sir Albert has been missing since he left the castle. It’s unlikely we can get him to help,” Jaxon said.
“Missing?” Wyatt furrowed his brow.
He asked, “What is Sir Albert up to? The castle is in imminent danger, and this guy disappears. How outrageous!”
“Could the Executioner have sensed the danger and fled?” Tyrus asked tentatively.
“Sir Storm, choose your words carefully.” Jaxon’s face turned cold.
He added, “Sir Albert is dedicated. He served the country and the people. He wouldn’t possibly desert his post.”
“My apologies. My mouth sometimes runs faster than my brain.” Tyrus chuckled sheepishly. He had almost forgotten that Albert, the Executioner, had a significant reputation among the people of West Lucozia.
Although Albert had been in the background for many years, his glorious achievements could never be erased.
The name Executioner might be menacing to enemy nations. However, in the eyes of the people of West Lucozia, Sir Albert, the Executioner, was undoubtedly a savior.
“If Sir Albert isn’t around, the chances of assassinating Julius are quite low.” Elijah shook his head.
“I’m willing to give it a shot, even if it costs me my life,” Jaxon declared with determination.
“General Steele, I’m willing to assist you in succeeding.”
A dark-clad man stepped forward from the crowd. The man holding a black sword covered in blood was Dustin.
“You?” Eloise scrutinized him and suddenly realized his identity. “You’re the mysterious fighter who single- handedly broke through the enemy ranks, capturing Draven and Mortimer, right?”
“Mysterious fighter?”
With this revelation, everyone’s gaze focused on Dustin. Except for Austin and Lincon, no one present was aware of Dustin’s true identity.
Capturing two sovereigns like Draven and Mortimer from among tens of thousands of troops showcased his formidable strength.
###Chapter 1833 by Marina Vittori
“No way! This is too risky!”
Upon witnessing Dustin’s inclination for a dangerous undertaking, Austin swiftly stepped in to stop his brother.
Austin acknowledged Dustin’s formidable strength, but Julius had gathered a considerable number of skilled individuals. Facing multiple challenges or opponents was always challenging.
If the assassination failed, Dustin could find himself surrounded by those formidable adversaries. As the prospective Prince of West Lucozia, Austin couldn’t permit such a hazardous venture.
“Your Highness, sometimes risks must be taken. In crucial moments like this, sacrifices are inevitable,” Tyrus remarked casually. “Besides, he’s just a guard. Why are you so uptight about it?
“I said it’s not happening!” Austin almost shouted.
A formidable wave of intimidation surged, prompting Tyrus to step back in shock.
It wasn’t just Tyrus. Everyone looked at each other and was baffled. No one anticipated such a strong reaction from Austin.
Seemingly aware that he had let his emotions get the better of him, Austin took a deep breath, suppressing the turbulence within.
He calmly stated, “Uncle Tyrus, a guard’s life is as valuable as ours. We can’t let someone sacrifice themselves in vain. How can we earn the people’s trust in the future if we let such a thing happen?”
“Yes, Your Highness, you’re absolutely right.” Tyrus chuckled sheepishly, though silently. He assessed the situation and wondered if Austin had lost his mind. Tyrus couldn’t help but wonder if making such a fuss over a guard was really necessary.
“We can’t do this, can’t do that, what should we do now? Just sit around waiting to be defeated?” Wyatt sighed.
“Well, I actually have a good idea,” Elijah suddenly spoke up.
“Oh? What is it?” Eloise raised an eyebrow.
“Julius’s confidence lies in the Black Dragon Army. We can exploit that,” Elijah suggested.
He continued, “As you all know, aside from wartime, only His Highness and the Marshal’s military insignia can command the Black Dragon Army.
“Even if Julius can mobilize troops in the name of quelling unrest, the priority is still far below the Marshal’s military insignia.”
“If Your Highness wields the Marshal’s military insignia, you can find a few key generals of the Black Dragon Army overnight and persuade them to join our cause.
“In that case, Julius will lose his strongest support. Without the Black Dragon Army, he won’t pose much of a threat.”
While listening to this, Wyatt’s eyes lit up. “That makes sense! Why didn’t I think of it before?”
He added, “As long as we control the Black Dragon Army with the Marshal’s military insignia, even if Julius has extraordinary abilities, he won’t be able to stir up any trouble.”
“Oh, by the way, Your Highness, the Marshal’s military insignia should still be here, right?” Elijah suddenly asked.
“It’s here. His Highness’s military insignia is hidden in a secure place.” Eloise nodded.
“Great.” Elijah nodded. “To resolve the crisis, we need Your Highness to bring out the Marshal’s military insignia!”
“Bring out the military insignia?” Eloise frowned slightly. She had considered this before, but the Marshal’s military insignia was important.
In the past, Julius resorted to various forms of coercion and enticement, all in the pursuit of acquiring the Marshal’s military insignia.
If it was mishandled and fell into his hands, they would lose their last hope to turn the tables. In that case, he would be able to take the throne legitimately.
Even if the king intervened, it wouldn’t salvage the situation.
“Your Highness, this is our only option now,” Elijah persuaded.
“Mom, bring out the military insignia. It’s the only way to minimize unwarranted sacrifices,” Austin said solemnly.
“This…” Eloise hesitated for a moment, ultimately nodding.
She went on, “Alright, given the circumstances, we have no other choice. Please wait in the hall, everyone. I’ll go get the military insignia.”
She knew that, despite the risk involved, avoiding unnecessary conflict was the best option.
###Chapter 1834 by Marina Vittori
In the castle’s side hall, the Southern Four Sovereigns sat in a row, quietly waiting. Each of them bore a different expression, lost in contemplation.
Elijah casually sipped his coffee, Lincon rested with closed eyes, Tyrus observed the hall’s arrangement, and Wyatt paced impatiently.
After some time passed, Eloise entered the hall with Austin and Jaxon, carrying an exquisite purple rosewood box.
“Gentlemen, the Marshal’s military insignia has arrived,” she announced and delicately placed the rosewood box on the table. Upon unveiling its contents, it revealed a striking golden tiger token.
The meticulously crafted tiger token emanated a regal and imposing presence. Adorning its surface in resplendent gold were the words: ”
Symbol of Armor, with the Prince on the left and Lucozia on the right.”
“Indeed, it’s the Marshal’s military insignia!” Wyatt exclaimed, his eyes lighting up. He added, “With this insignia, we can command the Black Dragon Army. Julius’s scheme will crumble without a fight.”
“Your Highness, time is of the essence. Hurry, take the insignia to the Black Dragon Army’s base, meet with their leaders, and explain your identity. Don’t let Julius proceed any further,” Tyrus urged.
“The Marshal’s military insignia is crucial. Julius won’t sit idly by. Your Highness, this mission will be exceptionally dangerous. Be fully prepared,” Lincon reminded.
“I understand. I’ve discussed it with my mother. I’ll dispatch ten covert teams from various directions, and I’ll blend in among them,” Austin declared solemnly.
He added, “Even if Julius is vigilant, he won’t find me so easily. By the time he realizes the danger, I should already be at the Black Dragon Army’s base.”
“Very good. Your Highness, only you and Her Highness should know about this mission. Don’t disclose it to a third person to avoid any mishaps,” Lincon advised.
“Thank you for the reminder, Uncle Lincon. I’ll be careful.” Austin nodded.
“No time to waste. Let’s get to work,” Lincon said.
“Wait a moment …” Suddenly, Elijah spoke up. “Is there something wrong with this insignia?”
“Huh?” Austin frowned. “What’s wrong with it?”
“I remember the military insignia doesn’t seem to look like this. Could it be swapped?” Elijah said.
“Impossible!” Eloise dismissed the idea. “The military insignia is placed in a secure room. Only he and I know about it. It couldn’t have been swapped.
“That’s strange.” Elijah narrowed his eyes, carefully examining the insignia.
“Uncle Elijah, could you be mistaken?” Austin asked.
“I can’t say for sure. Let me take a closer look,” Elijah responded, taking the military insignia from Austin to examine it carefully.
At that moment, Lincon appeared to sense something. His expression abruptly changed. “Your Highness, exercise caution with the military insignia!”
As he spoke, Elijah suddenly flashed a wicked grin. Then, with a twist on his wrist, the military insignia disappeared.
“Your Highness, thank you!” he said. Then, he stomped on the ground, catapulting through the roof and vanishing into the darkness at an astonishing speed.
Everything unfolded so rapidly that no one present fully comprehended it. From Elijah taking the military insignia to disappearing, only two seconds had elapsed.
In the momentary daze, he, along with the military insignia, was gone.
“Elijah is a traitor! Retrieve the military insignia quickly! Otherwise, the castle is in danger!”
###Chapter 1835 by Marina Vittori
Lincon was the first to react. “Quick! Go after the military insignia!” he shouted. Eloise immediately commanded, “Go after it!”
Jaxon drew his sword abruptly. He led a squad of Draken Guardians in the direction where Elijah disappeared, racing after him.
“How could this happen?” Austin was bewildered, standing frozen, unsure of what to do. He hadn’t expected Elijah to snatch the military insignia, so he was completely unprepared. By the time he realized it, Elijah had already made a swift escape.
“Your Highness, Elijah is likely working for Julius,” Lincon explained with a grave tone.
He added, “His unwavering support for you and helping the castle maintain order was just a ploy to make you drop your guard. When the time was right, he’d seize the military insignia and push us into a corner.”
“Damn it! I never thought Elijah would be a traitor. How despicable!” Wyatt fumed.
“No wonder he kept suggesting using the military insignia to control the Black Dragon Army against Julius. He was laying the groundwork to snatch it. This guy is truly cunning!” Tyrus angrily exclaimed.
“If we can’t retrieve the military insignia and it falls into Julius’ hands, then we’re completely defeated!”
Eloise frowned. Her expression turned grim.
The Marshal’s military insignia determined the command of the Black Dragon Army. In the past, Julius used to pull strings and exert his influence to command the Black Dragon Army.
With the military insignia, he could openly order the entire army. In the face of 50 thousand troops at the city gates, no one across West Lucozia and beyond would be able to resist.
“Mom, I’m sorry. It’s all my fault. If I had been more careful, this might not have happened.” Austin looked guilty. After all, losing the military insignia from his hands was a mistake for which he felt responsible.
“This has nothing to do with you. Elijah hid his true nature too well. None of us anticipated that he would be a traitor.” Eloise managed with a forced smile.
“I’ll go after him right now. I’ll definitely retrieve the military insignia! “He unsheathed his sword, ready to dash outside.
“Wait!” Lincon immediately stood in front of Austin. He said sternly, “Your Highness, Elijah, is exceptionally powerful. With your current strength, chasing him would be futile, and you might put yourself in danger.”
“Shouldn’t we do something rather than just sit here?” Austin frowned.
“General Steele has already gone after him. If he catches up, there’s hope. If not, we must prepare for the worst,” Lincon said solemnly.
“The worst? What do you mean?” Tyrus asked.
“If the military insignia falls into Julius ‘hands, what consequences do you think we’ll face?” Lincon asked.
“Well…” Tyrus furrowed his brow, his expression turning grim.
“We all opposed Julius. For him, we’re like thorns in his side.” Lincon looked at Austin and Eloise, his tone heavy.
He continued, “Once he takes power, we won’t escape death! As for you, Your Highnesses, while you may not lose your lives, you’ll be confined for life, never to see the light of day again!”
“If that’s the case, we might as well confront them head-on!” Wyatt declared indignantly.
“Can you take on 50 thousand Black Dragon Army soldiers?” Lincon retorted.
“What do we do then?” Wyatt frowned.
“I suggest we prepare for an escape,” Lincon said, looking at the group.
He added, “If General Steele can retrieve the military insignia, that’s the best scenario. If not, we escape the castle and West Lucozia for now and reconsider our options later.”
###Chapter 1836 by Marina Vittori
“What? Abandon West Lucozia? That’s like handing the throne to Julius!” Austin’s expression turned grim.
“As long as we’re alive, there’s still a chance. We need to stay resilient. There are opportunities, and we must not lose hope,” Lincon said with heartfelt sincerity.
“The throne is stolen, the military insignia is taken, and 50 thousand Black Dragon Army soldiers are all following Julius’ orders. In this situation, where do we have a chance?” Tyrus shook his head.
If he had known it would come to this, he wouldn’t have been so greedy by forming an alliance through marriage with the Rhys family. Now, he didn’t gain any advantage and only managed to entangle himself in a difficult situation.
“I think Sir Blaze is right. We must prepare for the worst in case of unforeseen events.” Eloise nodded. Though reluctant to admit it, the current situation was highly unfavorable for them.
If the military insignia truly fell into Julius’s hands, they would lose any chance of turning the tide. Leaving West Lucozia seemed inevitable.
With the esteemed title of the eldest princess of Dragonmarsh, even if she departed West Lucozia for Oakvale, she would undoubtedly find a place of honor. It would spare her son from any undue hardship.
“Of course, don’t be too pessimistic. General Steele’s strength is no less than Elijah’s. If he manages to retrieve the military insignia, we still have hope, “Lincon encouraged.
“You’re right. Nothing is absolute in this world. We haven’t lost yet, so don’t look so gloomy. Cheer up!” Wyatt declared.
“Everyone, I’ll excuse myself for now.” Austin nodded toward the group and walked out of the hall.
At that moment, he was overwhelmed, and his first thought was of his elder brother, Logan.
To avoid exposing Dustin’s identity, Austin called his brother, who was disguised as a guard, into his room. He then instructed those around him to secure the courtyard and prevent anyone from approaching.
Once confirming it was safe, Dustin was the first to speak up. “Austin, did something happen? I saw a figure flash across the rooftop earlier.”
“Yes, something did happen.” Austin nodded, saying solemnly, “Elijah is a traitor. He had taken the Marshal’s military insignia and escaped.”
“What? The military insignia was stolen? How did this happen?” Dustin furrowed his brow.
“It’s my fault. I was too careless.” Austin didn’t hide anything and briefly recounted the events. After hearing that, Dustin nodded thoughtfully. “So, Elijah was a pawn planted by Julius. We’ve all miscalculated.’
“Logan, what do we do now? Suppose we can’t retrieve the military insignia. In that case, the position of the Prince of West Lucozia might fall into Julius’s hands,” Austin said gravely.
“Julius won’t easily become the prince. “Dustin shook his head.
He continued, “Let’s wait and see. If General Steele can’t retrieve the military insignia, I’ll personally deal with Julius.”
“How will you deal with Julius?” Austin asked cautiously.
“I can’t reveal the entire plan. You’ll know when the time comes.” Dustin patted Austin’s shoulder with a smile.
He added, “Alright, stop overthinking. These past few days have been exhausting for you. Get some rest and recover. We’ll face this challenge together as brothers.”
“Yeah.” Austin nodded heavily, seeming to regain some confidence.
After a few more words of advice, Dustin left the room.
Those words were meant to console Austin, hoping he wouldn’t feel too disheartened. As for the plan, Dustin had yet to figure it out.
The unexpected loss of the military insignia had caught them off guard. Even Dustin hadn’t anticipated that Elijah would collude with Julius.
When they went to the Marquis Silvercrest residence, Elijah voluntarily confessed without hiding anything, even killing Julius’s envoy to show his determination.
###Chapter 1837 by Marina Vittori
It appeared to be a desperate move, a gambit that Austin and the others unwittingly fell into. Julius not only tracked their every movement but also discerned their intentions from the beginning.
Unwittingly, they stumbled into Julius’s trap, with all their actions unfolding exactly as he had anticipated.
Julius’s foresight allowed him to set up this intricate trap, enticing them unsuspectingly and maneuvering them into a precarious position. The ultimate goal was to seize the military insignia.
Moreover, Austin and the others’ actions led the wolf to the door, falling victim to Julius’s scheme and resulting in the loss of the military insignia.
Admittedly, achieving the esteemed rank of Grand General Rhys in West Lucozia was truly an exceptional accomplishment. However, in the intricate game of strategy, they proved to be inexperienced.
Time passed quickly, and dawn arrived. After a night of cleaning, the bodies in front of the castle gates were cleared.
However, the bloodstains seeped into the ground and resisted all attempts to wash them away.
The forces of the Four Sovereigns were stationed in the defense camp, not far from the castle, ready to provide support if needed.
Due to the loss of the military insignia, most people in the castle had spent a sleepless night.
Jaxon and the Draken Guardians he led had been chasing through the night but hadn’t returned. After breakfast, Eloise gathered the other three Sovereigns to discuss strategies and gather information.
However, with the situation still unclear, any discussion seemed futile.
Just when everyone felt at a loss, Jaxon, who had disappeared for the night, finally returned. He led a group when he left, but now only he returned, wounded and alone.
As soon as he entered the council hall, he fell to his knees, spitting blood.
“General Steele! How did you get injured like this?” Eloise’s expression changed. She quickly ordered someone to help him to a chair.
“General Steele, what’s the situation? Did you retrieve the military insignia?” Tyrus immediately inquired.
Compared to Jaxon’s injuries, Tyrus naturally cared more about the whereabouts of the military insignia.
“Your Highness, I failed in my mission, “Jaxon weakly confessed.
He added, “Not only did I not catch Elijah, but we were ambushed on the way, resulting in the sacrifice of a Draken Guardians squad. The military insignia is lost. Please, Your Highness, forgive my failure.”
“What? You didn’t catch him?” Tyrus frowned, his face showing displeasure.
“General Steele, you’ve done your best. No need to blame yourself.” Eloise forced a smile.
She knew Elijah must have been well- prepared to seize the military insignia. Catching up to him would prove quite the challenge for Jaxon, and there was the risk of getting even more entangled in the mess.
“Your Highness, on my way back, the Black Dragon Army has mobilized. You must leave quickly. Do not delay.” Jaxon’s emotions were somewhat agitated, and he coughed up more blood.
He added, “Otherwise, when the army arrives, it will be too late for regrets!”
“General Steele, we’ve made the necessary preparations. You don’t need to worry. You’re severely injured. Go rest first.” Eloise gestured for someone to help the heavily injured Jaxon.
As Jaxon left, a palace guard rushed in with a panicked expression. “Your Highness! This is bad!
“A large number of Black Dragon Army soldiers have suddenly appeared at the Celestria Gate. They’ve sealed all the entrances and exits!”
With these words, the faces of everyone present changed drastically.
###Chapter 1838 by Marina Vittori
“What? The Black Dragon Army sealed the city? How did this happen so quickly?” Tyrus’s face changed. He nearly jumped out of his seat.
They thought they could delay for a few days. But overnight, Julius had already brought his army to their doorstep. The efficiency was terrifyingly fast.
“Quick! Assemble the troops immediately, prepare to escort Her Highness and His Highness out of the city!” Wyatt shouted.
“It’s too late. The Black Dragon Army has already sealed the city. We can’t escape.” Eloise shook her head, her expression grim. Despite being mentally prepared, facing this was still hard to accept.
“We have to try. We can’t just sit and wait for our demise.” Wyatt urged anxiously.
“It’s futile.” She shook her head again.
She added, “With the military insignia in Julius’s hands, our fate is sealed. Instead of scurrying around like mice, it’s better to face it head-on, at least with some dignity.”
“Your Highness-”
Wyatt was about to say more but was interrupted by Eloise. “Sir Mitchell, you and your loyal companions are a blessing to West Lucozia. So, there’s no need to sacrifice yourselves in vain.
“In my opinion, surrendering would be wiser. We should preserve your lives first.”
“Surrender?” Wyatt frowned with a hint of determination in his eyes. Having fought all his life, he had never surrendered. This time would be no exception, even if he knew defeat was inevitable.
“Report!”
“Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry, Julius, accompanied by many generals, is outside the castle gate.
“We request instructions from Your Highness!” Another guard rushed into the council hall, reporting the situation.
“So fast? It seems Julius couldn’t wait any longer.” Eloise took a deep breath.
She lifted her sword and walked out of the hall, calling, “Open the gates! Let’s welcome our guest!”
The heavy castle gates slowly opened. Then, she walked out with her sword in hand.
Julius, clad in golden armor, stood outside the castle gates with an imposing group of warriors. His countenance remained composed, his gaze piercing, enveloped in an unseen aura of authority.
Elijah, who had seized the military insignia the previous night, stood at his left, while two trusted generals, Everett and Shane, flanked him on the right.
And behind them was a contingent of officers from the Black Dragon Army, a formidable force comprising of several hundred highly skilled warriors.
An individual was required to have an illustrious military record and considerable strength and earn the respect of fellow soldiers to ascend the ranks within the Black Dragon Army.
Consequently, every officer and leader in the Black Dragon Army was a formidable martial artist.
It was no exaggeration to assert that with just a few hundred individuals, they possessed the capability to cut through an army of ten thousand on the battlefield.
“Grand General Rhys, you brought so many people to my doorstep. What’s the meaning of this?” Eloise stood at the entrance, asking loudly.
“Your Highness, you’re a smart person. You should know what to do. If we lay everything out, it might not look good on both sides,” Julius said calmly.
At that moment, with the Marshal’s military insignia and leading the Black Dragon Army, he was like an uncrowned Prince of West Lucozia. Anyone daring to oppose him faced only a dead end.
“Grand General Rhys, you indeed have the upper hand. We concede defeat.” Eloise dropped her sword to the ground, her face serious.
She added, “I can support you in ascending the throne. I can even help you seek a royal title, allowing you to become the Prince of West Lucozia legitimately.”
###Chapter 1839 by Marina Vittori
“Your Highness-”
Wyatt, standing behind, was about to speak, but Eloise raised her hand to stop him.
“Oh? Is that so?” Julius smirked slightly, showing some interest. “Your Highness, are you here to negotiate with me?”
“That’s right.” She was straightforward. “As long as you agree to three things, we will all support you as the prince. We will ensure you ascend without a worry in sight.”
“Your Highness, even without your support, I can still become a prince. So, what qualifications do you have to negotiate terms with me?” He grinned slyly.
“Grand General Rhys, I believe you are someone who values your reputation. Smoothly ascending to the throne without any opposition, isn’t that preferable?” she stated.
“Fine, I’ll give Your Highness some respect and hear what conditions you propose.” Julius chuckled.
He was in a winning position now. It wouldn’t hurt to agree if he could avoid some trouble by agreeing to a few conditions, provided these conditions weren’t excessively demanding.
“First condition: once you ascend the throne, you must treat all the civilians and soldiers well. West Lucozia has come a long way to reach today. You must cherish the people,” Eloise said solemnly.
“No problem.” He nodded and said, ” Once I’m crowned, I will bestow favors and work for the welfare of West Lucozia.”
A new prince needed to win hearts, so it was necessary to provide benefits. Even without her mentioning it, he would do it. Thus, he readily agreed to this condition.
“The second condition is that you should show mercy and not pursue the crimes of the affiliated forces of the castle. They were just following orders. “She looked at the three sovereigns and some castle officers behind her.
These people had served the castle loyally, and she felt responsible for protecting them.
“Accepted.” Julius nodded again. “As long as they repent and turn over a new leaf, I promise not to pursue their crimes.”
“Thank you, Grand General Rhys.” Eloise nodded and continued, “My third condition is to allow my son and me to return to Oakvale. I promise that from then on, we will never set foot in West Lucozia again.”
“Return to Oakvale?” Julius squinted his eyes and said, “Your Highness, if you want to go back, I won’t stop you. In fact, I’ll even send someone to escort you. But, as for Austin, that’s a different story.”
“Why?” She frowned. She was willing to sacrifice everything for the safety of her son.
“Your Highness, are you truly clueless or pretending to be ignorant?” he said casually. He went on, “What’s Austin’s identity? Everyone knows he’s the son of the prince of West Lucozia. In terms of bloodline, he’s even stronger than me, his uncle.
“Do you think I’d let a potential threat go freely?”
He couldn’t help but ponder that even though Austin was still young at the moment, he had already demonstrated significant potential.
Moreover, being Rufus’s descendant, there was an expectation among certain old courtiers for the son to inherit the father’s position.
While Julius was only assuming the throne now, he knew that allowing Austin to return to Oakvale, amass influence, and potentially stage a comeback would mean leaving behind a substantial threat.
So, why would Julius willingly create trouble for himself?
“Grand General Rhys, Austin is still young. He poses no threat to you.” Eloise tried to persuade him.
She added, “I assure you that after returning to Oakvale, we won’t have any other thoughts. We just want to live peacefully for the rest of our lives.”
“This is only your perspective. How can you expect anyone to believe it?” He said indifferently, “I’ll repeat it: you can go back, but Austin can’t.”
###Chapter 1840 by Marina Vittori
“Grand General Rhys, I have only one son. I cannot leave him behind and return to Oakvale alone. I implore you to show mercy!” Eloise bowed deeply.
At that crucial moment, she had cast aside all concerns for her pride.
The sole focus was on extracting Austin from the raging inferno, a sacrifice she deemed worthwhile even if it meant surrendering her own life.
“If Your Highness does not wish to return to Oakvale, you can stay here,” Julius said indifferently.
He went on, “I can find a beautiful place in West Lucozia for both of you to spend the rest of your lives carefree. How about that?”
“If you become the Prince of West Lucozia, it might not be appropriate for us to stay here. It would be better if you allowed us to return to Oakvale. That way, everyone would be happy,” she suggested.
“There’s nothing inappropriate about it. Austin is my nephew,” he said with a faint smile.
He added, “So, having him assist me in West Lucozia is normal. If he performs well, he might even be rewarded with higher ranks and titles, enjoying endless prosperity and wealth.”
“Grand General Rhys, I beg you, please spare us, mother and son, for the sake of His Highness!” Eloise suddenly dropped to her knees with a thud, surprising everyone.
No one expected the dignified Princess of West Lucozia to kneel and plead for mercy.
“Your Highness! What are you doing? Please get up!” Wyatt’s face turned pale as he ordered attendants to help, but Eloise pushed them away.
On the other hand, Julius wore a smirk, finding the scene somewhat amusing. The once high and mighty princess was kneeling before him, begging for mercy.
“Mom!” Suddenly, Austin rushed out. Seeing his mother forced to kneel at the door, his eyes turned red with fury.
“Julius! You scum! How dare you humiliate my mother? Today, I’m going all out against you!” he roared and charged forward with his sword.
“Austin! Stop!” Her face turned pale. She wanted to reach out and stop him, but it was too late. Austin, merging seamlessly with his sword, launched a formidable strike toward Julius, accompanied by a gust of wind.
Despite the assault, Julius stood unfazed with his hands behind his back as if he didn’t consider Austin a threat.
“Hmph! A bit presumptuous, aren’t you?”
At that moment, Elijah, on the left, suddenly took action. His spear picked up, thrusting forward with one hand. Without any visible strength or fancy moves, he simply hit Austin’s sword.
There was a loud explosion, and Austin was directly sent flying more than 30 feet away. His sword fell to the ground with a clatter.
The tremendous impact made him retreat seven or eight steps before barely stabilizing himself. A trace of blood slowly flowed from his nose.
Although Austin had reached the level of a Grandmaster Martial Artist, he was still far behind Elijah, who was close to the rank of an Ultimate Grandmaster. Just a simple thrust caused Austin to be injured.
“Austin! Are you okay?” Eloise hurriedly approached and commanded the castle’s Draken Guardians to protect her son.
“It’s just a minor injury, nothing serious.” Austin wiped the blood from his nose. He took a deep breath, forcibly suppressing the surging blood.
He glared fiercely at Elijah and said, ” Elijah, my father treated you generously. Why are you working for Julius?”
###Chapter 1841 by Marina Vittori
In West Lucozia, only a few could match Elijah’s strength. If Elijah hadn’t seized the military insignia last night, Julius wouldn’t have been able to advance his forces.
Ultimately, the outcome depended on Elijah’s choices.
“Your Highness, the wiser man adapts to circumstances. Grand General Rhys is more suited to be the Prince of West Lucozia than you. Is there a problem with me serving him?” Elijah asked with a faint smile.
“I thought you were a loyal subject, but you turn out to be a vile person!” Austin accused.
“The victor becomes the king, and the loser is the enemy. Whether I’m loyal or vile depends on the one who prevails. “Elijah shrugged.
“Even if we lose, I won’t let you off easy!” Austin declared. He reached out and effortlessly retrieved the fallen long sword with a swift motion through the air, bringing it back into his hand.
“You want to continue fighting?” Elijah shook his head, chuckling. “Even if you go all out, it’s just a joke to me.”
“Whether it’s a joke or not, you’ll find out when I give my all!” Austin took a step forward, ready to attack. Suddenly, a figure descended from the sky, blocking Austin. It was Dustin, wearing a prosthetic mask.
“I’ll deal with him. You step back,” Dustin calmly said to Austin.
Austin glanced at Elijah, then at Dustin, and finally stepped back. If it came to a one-on-one fight, Austin knew his brother’s strength was no less than Elijah’s.
“So, it’s you?” Elijah scrutinized Dustin, his face showing a hint of wariness. “I always felt you were extraordinary and wanted to spar with you. Now, finally, I have the chance.”
“Marquis of Silvercrest, who is this guy?” Julius asked casually.
“A hidden expert in the castle. Draven and the rest were captured because of him,” Elijah explained.
“Really? I never expected the castle to hide such a character.” Julius squinted, carefully examining Dustin.
Julius felt it was strange. The face was entirely unfamiliar, yet there was this odd sense of recognition as if he’d encountered it somewhere in the past.
“Elijah, you shouldn’t have betrayed us, “Dustin said, pulling out the Celestial Sword from his back, his eyes sharp. “I hate traitors to the core. So today, you must die!”
“Die at your hands? Let’s see if you’re capable!” Elijah sneered.
“They say you’re the number one spear master in West Lucozia. Today, I’ll be learning from you personally!” Dustin shot forward.
His entire body shot out like a cannonball, morphing into a blurred streak as he fiercely lunged at Elijah.
“So fast!” Elijah’s eyes widened, wisely avoiding any underestimation of the situation.
In a swift motion, Elijah dual-wielded spears. He swirled in a frantic dance, conjuring a myriad of phantom spear shadows that saturated the air.
These elusive yet substantial illusions surged like an unyielding storm, overwhelming Dustin from every conceivable angle.
“Insignificant skill!” Dustin didn’t dodge. His body suddenly turned and merged with his sword into a white sword light, violently colliding with the storm of spear shadows.
With a series of explosions, wherever the white sword light passed, the spear shadows exploded one after another, completely unable to resist.
Elijah himself was forced to step back continuously. Each step left a deep footprint on the ground.
“Such powerful swordsmanship!”
While witnessing this scene, everyone’s faces turned pale in disbelief. Elijah was among the top five in West Lucozia, and his spear skills were unparalleled and unstoppable.
Now, a young man was forcing him to retreat repeatedly, which was inconceivable.
###Chapter 1842 by Marina Vittori
“Who is this guy? He actually pushed Elijah back. That’s impressive!”
“Having such formidable strength is mind-boggling at such a young age. He’d undoubtedly be a great asset if we could have him on our side!”
“Don’t be so quick to judge. Elijah has yet to show his true strength. The outcome remains uncertain.”
As the crowd watched the intense confrontation between Dustin and Elijah, they couldn’t help but discuss the extraordinary scene.
As the top martial artists of West Lucozia, the crowd was familiar with each other’s strengths. Hence, they found this mysterious young man intriguing.
No one recognized Dustin as if he appeared out of thin air, adding an element of curiosity. Top-notch warriors like him were indeed rare, capable of single-handedly influencing the course of a battle.
“Austin, where did you find this young expert? I’ve never seen him before,” Eloise asked while supporting her son, looking puzzled.
“Mom, the time isn’t right yet. I can’t tell you for now.” Austin shook his head. Dustin had been concealing his identity, and today’s intervention was a last resort. Revealing his identity now would make him a target in Julius’s eyes.
“Not even me?” She grew more curious.
“Sorry, Mom, I have to keep my promise.” He shook his head again.
“That’s fine. I’ll ask you one thing-Is he reliable?” she probed.
“Absolutely reliable!” Austin replied without hesitation.
“Good!” Eloise nodded. “He’s powerful, slightly surpassing Elijah. If things go south, let him lead you to break out of the city!”
“Mom-”
He was about to speak when his mother interrupted, “This time, you must listen to me. Julius won’t let you off, so you must preserve your life.
“Once you leave West Lucozia for Oakvale, there will be plenty of opportunities for a comeback.”
Since negotiations failed, Eloise had to find another way out.
With the mysterious expert’s assistance, along with the Draken Guardians and the 800 warriors, there was at least a 50 percent chance of successfully escaping.
“Mom, if I leave, what about you?” Austin frowned.
“Don’t worry. I have protection from my status as the eldest princess of Dragonmarsh. Julius won’t dare harm me.” She forced a smile. She didn’t care about her own life as long as her son was safe.
“Mom, we’re not at our wit’s end yet. Perhaps things will turn around.” he comforted his mother.
After all, he had full trust in Dustin. Austin believed that his brother still had hidden strategies and could turn the tide at a critical moment.
“A turnaround? Let’s hope so.” Eloise sighed softly, but in her heart, there was no expectation. After all, facing 50 thousand Black Dragon Army soldiers outside was an insurmountable task, even for this mysterious expert.
In the central battlefield, Dustin’s sword continued its relentless assault without a moment’s pause. On the other hand, Elijah blocked and retreated, beads of sweat forming on his forehead.2
“How can this bastard be so strong? The pressure is almost comparable to Seth, the Sword Whisperer!”
Elijah’s face grew serious, and his brows furrowed.
The long spear continued to swing, attempting to stop Dustin’s relentless attacks. However, no matter how Elijah’s spear technique transformed, the opponent always had a way of deflecting with one sword.
It was a simple sword deflection, yet it forced Elijah to continuously step back, leaving him unable to counterattack.
He had only felt this overwhelming pressure from Seth, the Sword Whisperer, many years ago, when he was still arrogant and challenged Seth after breaking through to become a grandmaster. 2
Back then, Seth defeated Elijah effortlessly with just one sword.
###Chapter 1843 by Marina Vittori
After years of relentless training, Elijah’s martial prowess had surged. Yet, he never anticipated being overpowered by a younger opponent. It was an utterly embarrassing situation!
“This is beyond insolence!” As the situation escalated, he roared in frustration and unleashed a deadly move.
Swiftly stepping back and turning, he tightly gripped his spear, launching a fierce counter-strike. His entire being pulsated with formidable energy.
“Astral Crescent Strike!” Elijah bellowed, the spearhead vibrating intensely. Countless shadows of the spear shot forth like meteors, carrying a devastating force, all aimed at Dustin.
The spear shadows distorted the air and shattered the ground, creating a terrifying spectacle.
Dustin was undeterred. He humphed and didn’t evade. With a swing of the Celestial Blade, a sharp sword aura burst forth, colliding with the myriad spear shadows.
A series of explosions echoed. Dustin’s sword aura effortlessly crushed all the spear shadows, accurately piercing Elijah’s spearhead.
Then, a loud explosion followed. Elijah’s long spear couldn’t withstand the strain, exploding into over a dozen pieces.
The powerful shockwave sent Elijah flying several feet away, and he crashed heavily to the ground. Blood oozed from his mouth, and he coughed incessantly.
“What?”
While witnessing this, the crowds were horrified. Although they knew Dustin had the upper hand, they expected a more evenly matched fight.
How did Elijah lose so abruptly and miserably in the blink of an eye? They felt the outcome seemed too sudden.
Watching Dustin defeat Elijah with a single sword strike, Julius squinted his eyes, his interest piqued. “This guy is indeed formidable. If I can recruit him, that would be excellent.”
It showed prowess with limitless potential, as Dustin was able to defeat Elijah at such a young age.
“With Grand General Rhys’s reputation, if we reach out to him and promise immense wealth and glory, it should easily win him over,” Everett suggested, his words carrying a significant undertone.
“A talent like this is worth cultivating.” Shane nodded.
In West Lucozia, where martial prowess mattered, martial strength greatly influenced an individual’s future achievements.
Elijah staggered to his feet, wiping away the blood from the corner of his mouth. He no longer displayed the calm demeanor from before but wore an expression of shock.
He asked, “The sword fighting technique you used is remarkably similar to Seth, the Sword Whisperer. Who are you?”
“I’ll tell you the truth after you’re dead! “Dustin didn’t waste any words. With a swing of the Celestial Blade, he shot forward again, fiercely attacking Elijah.
“Grand General Rhys, save me!” In fear, Elijah, disregarding his image as a martial artist, swiftly hid behind Julius, seeking protection. Realizing he wasn’t Dustin’s match, Elijah sought refuge at the fastest speed possible.
“Young man, please hold on!” Julius spoke loudly, attempting to defuse the conflict between the two. However, Dustin showed no response. The Celestial Blade continued its direct thrust, seemingly determined to fight to the end. Seeing this, Julius furrowed his brows slightly.
While eager to recruit the young expert, Julius wouldn’t want to keep Dustin if he proved uncontrollable.
###Chapter 1844 by Marina Vittori
“Someone! Take him down!” Julius finally issued a command in the face of Dustin’s unrelenting assault.
While it would have been best to recruit such a highly skilled individual, Dustin’s refusal made him a potential threat that had to be eliminated since there was the risk of him joining the enemy.
“Charge!” Everett and Shane both signaled with a wave of their hands. Instantly, hundreds of elite warriors surged toward Dustin.
These were the Black Dragon Army’s generals who possessed exceptional strength. As they attacked in unison, their combined power exceeded multiple-fold.
“Halt!” Suddenly, a black shadow descended from the sky like a shooting star, crashing into the crowd with unparalleled speed.
Following the thunderous impact, the ground shattered, and debris scattered. A powerful shockwave emanated from the point of impact, forcing those in its path to stagger back and almost lose their footing.
“Who is that?” The crowd looked closely and saw that 50 feet ahead, an elderly man with graying hair had materialized.
Clad in formal attire, he exuded an air of indifference. A red mist enveloped his body, emanating a strong intent to kill. The newcomer was none other than Albert Horst, also known as the Executioner!
“Albert? He finally showed up!” Eloise’s eyes lit up.
Since Rufus’ passing, Albert had vanished, not showing himself for several days. Despite their attempts to locate him, there was no sign of his whereabouts. His arrival was indeed well-timed.
As one of the three great generals of the Rhys family, Albert’s true strength remained a mystery. While his actual power was unknown, anyone targeted by him was destined to meet their end.
“This is fantastic! With Albert here, we now have a fighting chance!” Wyatt felt invigorated. Albert was a legendary figure and one of Rufus’ most trusted lieutenants. Although he always kept a low profile, no one dared underestimate him.
After all, the glory of the Executioner title was earned through the blood of thousands of enemy soldiers.
“Albert the Executioner?” Julius narrowed his eyes, treating the situation with heightened seriousness.
In West Lucozia, the person he feared most was Rufus, who had now passed away. And the person occupying the second spot was the seemingly inconspicuous Executioner standing before him.
“His Highness, Prince Rufus, commands the members of the Black Dragon Army to withdraw to the fortress immediately and resume their duties guarding the borders!” Albert declared loudly. 2
His voice resonated like thunder, asserting dominance over the scene.
“An order from Prince Rufus?” The generals of the Black Dragon Army exchanged shocked glances upon hearing Albert’s proclamation.
Summoned through the military insignia, a command bearing the Grand Marshal’s insignia was equivalent to a personal order from the Prince.
As soldiers, they were duty-bound to obey Julius’ commands. Now, they were left perplexed by the unexpected order from Prince Rufus.
“Hmph! An order from the Prince? What utter bullshit!” Julius took two steps forward, his tone cold.
“Albert! The Prince has long passed away, so where did this order come from? You must be concocting a lie to deceive us all!”
“That’s right!” Elijah chimed in.
“The Prince is dead, and the military insignia is now in the hands of Grand General Rhys. Everyone in the Black Dragon Army must obey Grand General Rhys’ commands. How dare a mere butler dictate the situation here?”
“Allow me to repeat myself. His Highness Prince Rufus commands all members of the Black Dragon Army to retreat to the fortress!” Albert spoke with a stern expression, raising his voice even louder than before. His aura became more imposing.
Rather than wasting words, Julius issued a direct order. “Someone take down this scoundrel!”
###Chapter 1845 by Marina Vittori
If Julius allowed Albert to continue his speech, it could potentially affect the army’s morale. The generals of the Black Dragon Army exchanged hesitant glances.
Albert had once been the Grand General of the Black Dragon Army, and his reputation was second only to Prince Rufus.
After suppressing the West, he had decided to retire from the frontline. Yet, some of the older generals remembered his illustrious legacy and held great respect for him.
“What’s the matter? Have you all lost your hearing? Or are you planning to defy orders?” Julius took out the Marshal’s military insignia and brandished it high above his head as he spoke.
He shouted, “I have the insignia with me! Who dares disobey me?”
When the generals saw the military insignia, they no longer hesitated. They swiftly drew their swords and surrounded Albert.
However, Albert just stood there with his hands behind his back, projecting an air of indifference and fearlessness.
“I’m right here! Who dares make a move?” Suddenly, a thunderous roar shattered the air, causing the soldiers to instinctively halt and turn their attention to the source of the noise.
What unfolded next left everyone utterly dumbfounded.
At the entrance of the castle, a middle- aged man in royal attire emerged slowly, his hands folded behind his back.
He had a slightly hunched figure and a limp in his walk. He didn’t carry an imposing air, nor did he have a strong presence. If it weren’t for his royal attire, he would have been mistaken for a common farmer.
However, the appearance of this unassuming middle-aged man cast silence upon the scene. Those present were filled with shock as their eyes widened in disbelief.
The newcomer was none other than Rufus, the resurrected Prince of West Lucozia!
“Ru-Rufus?” Eloise stammered in shock when she noticed the familiar face, finding it hard to believe. She had witnessed his supposed death, so how could he stand there alive?
What was going on? Was she … dreaming?
“Dad?” Even Austin was stunned as his sword dropped to the ground with a loud clatter. He rubbed his eyes repeatedly to make sure he wasn’t hallucinating.
“Oh my god! Isn’t Prince Rufus dead? Am I seeing a ghost?” Wyatt, Tyrus, and Lincon exchanged bewildered looks.
They had seen Rufus’ lifeless body for themselves the night before and were sure that he was dead. How was he alive now? Was dark magic involved?
“Ru-Rufus?” Julius felt as if thunder had struck him. He stood there dumbfounded as beads of sweat formed on his forehead and began trembling uncontrollably.
Suppressed by Rufus throughout his life, Julius had harbored a deep-seated fear. The moment he heard news of Rufus’ death, he was overjoyed.
After enduring for so many years, he finally saw a chance for a new beginning-the chance to rise to higher heights.
He immediately executed his plan to seize power, preparing to take control of West Lucozia’s military.
He knew that without Rufus’ suppression, he would be invincible.
His plan had been progressing smoothly. He had the military insignia in hand, the castle surrounded, and even Eloise at his mercy.
He had been that close to ascending to the throne and achieving unparalleled glory.
However, he never expected that Rufus would suddenly come back to life at this critical moment!
Why? How could this happen? How could someone who was already dead come back to life?
###Chapter 1846 by Marina Vittori
Julius found himself thoroughly unsettled. Despite his meticulous planning and calculated moves, Rufus’s return alive was an unforeseen twist he found difficult to accept.
In fact, it wasn’t Julius alone who was unsettled. Elijah and the other generals were equally stunned, their faces drained of color.
The only reason they found the courage to join Julius in his rebellion was due to Rufus’ death. They would never have dreamed of committing such treasonous acts if Rufus had been alive.
“What a lively day. There’s so many familiar faces in the crowd,” Rufus remarked as he took his time walking out of the gates.
The crowd instinctively made way for him.
“Rufus! But you-!” Eloise struggled to find words, her expression a mix of bewilderment and disbelief.
She had personally witnessed Rufus being impaled through the chest with a sword and saw him take his last breath. She had even arranged his funeral. She couldn’t understand how a dead man could come back to life!
“Don’t worry. I’m not a ghost,” Rufus assured with a faint smile.
“The assassin’s strike nearly took my life. Fortunately, I was able to survive by protecting my heart with internal energy.”
“Rufus! Why didn’t you inform us earlier? Do you realize how heartbroken we were?” Eloise’s eyes welled up with tears.
After Rufus’ supposed death, she had endured profound grief. Yet, she had to restrain her emotions for the sake of the monarchy.
As she arranged his funeral, she still had to navigate the world of politics and guard against those with ambitious intentions.
“Eloise, thank you for your hard work over the past few days.” Rufus reached out to wipe away her tears.
He then smiled and said, “The reason I faked my death was to take the opportunity to recover from my injuries. On the other hand, I also wanted to see if chaos would ensue after my death.”
As he said this, his gaze suddenly shifted over to Julius and his cohorts. ” Unfortunately, things did not unfold in the right direction. Some of you have truly disappointed me.”
After the attempt on his life, Rufus decided to turn the tables and fake his death to gauge the reactions of those around him.
Unexpectedly, the monarchy underwent a significant transformation in just a few days. And at the same time, it revealed the true colors of those harboring sinister motives.
Given the current circumstances, he had no choice but to reveal himself and put an end to the unfolding drama.
“Dad! I’m glad you’re okay!” Austin’s initial shock transformed into excitement.
He then reported, “While you were recovering from your injuries, Julius had joined forces with the Northern Four Sovereigns and started a rebellion.
“He even seized the Marshal’s military insignia. His actions are audacious!”
“I’m already aware.” Rufus nodded and gazed calmly at Julius.
“Julius, as the Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry, you wield unparalleled authority. Was that not enough to satisfy your ambitions?
“Why did you stray down this misguided path? Do you know how many lives have been lost because of your actions?”
Julius’ face darkened, and he remained silent. Whether it was due to nervousness or fear, his body trembled slightly. And the sword in his hand wobbled.
###Chapter 1847 by Marina Vittori
“Julius, we’re family. As long as you put down your sword, I will spare your life.”
“Why? Why didn’t you just die? You’re clearly gravely ill and on the brink of death. Why are you still occupying the throne?” Julius gritted his teeth as his eyes turned bloodshot.
He looked somewhat frightening.
“Julius, I know you all too well. While you’re extremely talented in both the literary and martial arts, you lack a compassionate heart. You’re also ruthless in your ways.
“That is why you are not suited to be the Prince and also the reason you will never be the Prince,” Rufus explained bluntly.
“Nonsense!”
Julius suddenly roared, “You’ve been the Prince for decades! Once you die, it’ll be my turn next! Who else is more fitting than me throughout West Lucozia?”
“I’ve already decided the next-in-line for the throne, and it isn’t you.” Rufus shook his head.
“You’ve decided?” Julius laughed manically.
Julius scoffed with arrogance, “Austin is just a childish brat! How can he compare to me in terms of talent, ability, and prestige? What makes you think he’s worthy of taking the throne from me?”
Rufus responded calmly, “I don’t mean Austin.”
“Who else could it be if not Austin? You can’t still be pinning your hopes on Logan, who has disappeared for ten years? We don’t even know if he’s still alive!
“How can you think of passing down the throne to him? Are you out of your mind?” Julius mocked.
“How dare you!” Albert was about to retort when Rufus raised a hand to stop him. Compared to Julius’ roaring madness, Rufus remained unusually calm.
“Julius, I can only tell you that Logan is still alive and doing well. He’s far more outstanding than I was back then and is much more suitable to be the Prince,” Rufus stated earnestly.
“So what if he’s not dead? Considering his age, Logan is only a few years older than Austin. In the end, he’s still an inexperienced brat!
“As for me, I have extensive experience on the battlefield, and the prestige I’ve earned among the military and civilians surpasses Logan’s by a thousandfold!
“In a fair competition, he wouldn’t even be worth mentioning before me!” Julius screeched.
He never took the Rhys family’s Kirin seriously. If it weren’t for Rufus’ support, suppressing Logan would have been as effortless as swatting a fly.
“Julius, your arrogance blinds you to the reality that there will always be someone superior out there.”
Rufus looked at him in pity. “You should expand your horizons, Julius. Don’t just confine yourself to the world of West Lucozia. The world is much bigger than you think.”
“Enough of your nonsense! You’re just selfish!”
Julius’ disdain was evident as he roared, “You preach about serving West Lucozia and its people, but all you care about is your son! In your opinion, the throne is only meant for your son to inherit.
“Just admit it! You’re just a hypocritical egoist!”
“You’re right. My actions are influenced by personal considerations, but they are rooted in the pursuit of the greater good.”
Rufus continued calmly, “If either of my sons were incapable or unfit for the throne, I would never allow them to inherit it.”
“Hmph! All this righteousness is just a guise for your children’s benefit.”
Julius’ face darkened, “If you truly cared for the country and its people, you would step down from the throne and let us compete on equal grounds!”
“So, a fair competition is what you desire?
Unexpectedly, Rufus nodded. “Very well, today, I will grant you the chance to engage in a fair competition with my son!”
###Chapter 1848 by Marina Vittori
“A fair competition?” Everyone exchanged surprised glances. They never expected Rufus to agree to Julius’ idea.
Rufus had already turned the situation around. All he had to do was command the generals of the Black Dragon Army to capture Julius and put an end to this crisis.
Instead, he offered Julius a chance to turn the tables, leaving everyone confused.
“Rufus-” Eloise was about to say something when Rufus raised a hand to stop her.
“It’s fine. I know what I’m doing.”
“Rufus, are you really going to allow your son a fair competition against me? “Julius was taken aback.
He had been ready to fight to the death, but he never expected Rufus to allow him a fair fight. What was this bastard up to?
“Since you want a fair fight, I’ll give it to you. I’m going to make you accept defeat on your own terms,” Rufus said calmly.
“You’ve said it!” Julius’ eyes narrowed slightly with a touch of satisfaction. He continued, “In West Lucozia, we value martial prowess. To become the Prince, one must prove their skills. Let’s settle this according to military rules. The winner will rightfully ascend to the throne!”
“Julius Rhys! Your audacity knows no bounds!” Eloise exclaimed in response.
“You’ve spent years on the battlefield, showcasing impressive martial skills. In West Lucozia, few can rival you. How is it fair if you’re tailoring the duel to your own strengths?”
“In this world, strength reigns supreme. Especially in West Lucozia, how can one command the loyalty of thousands of soldiers without formidable skills?
“Don’t tell me you believe a feeble scholar is fit to be the Prince of West Lucozia?” Julius asserted solemnly.
“That’s right! We will never accept a weakling as our Prince!” Elijah added.
“If the strongest automatically becomes King, then the world would have descended into chaos long ago!” Eloise countered.
“I can’t speak for the entire world, but to earn respect in the Black Dragon Army, a person must either possess formidable skills or boast numerous military achievements.”
Julius sneered, “If we base our competition on military achievements, the combined efforts of both Logan and Austin wouldn’t even amount to half of mine.
“That was why I proposed a martial arts duel to determine the winner through pure skill.”
“You-”
Eloise was about to retort when Rufus intervened. “Alright, I accept your proposal for a competition based on military rules. Whoever wins will be the future Prince of West Lucozia.”
“I’ll hold you to your word!” Julius’ eyes gleamed with excitement. He hadn’t disclosed to anyone that he had broken through to the level of an ultimate grandmaster several years ago.
With his current skills, he had 60 percent confidence in defeating Albert the Executioner.
As for Austin and the long-lost Logan, Julius believed they wouldn’t stand a single chance against him. Despite the appearance of a fair competition, victory already seemed assured in his hands.
“Rufus, you’ve always been wise but made a foolish decision this time. Let’s see how you deal with the consequences after your sons’ defeat.” Julius sneered inwardly.
He wasn’t concerned about Rufus regretting his decision, as many Black Dragon Army soldiers were present. Going back on his word would result in him losing all respect.
Simultaneously, Julius could seize this opportunity to consolidate support and establish his own prestige.
“Austin, how about it? Are you willing to give it a try?” Rufus turned his attention to Austin.
“How does Julius compare to Elijah?” Austin countered.
“While Elijah is strong, he pales in comparison to your uncle. How else do you think Julius has handled him?” Rufus chuckled lightly.
“Since Julius is stronger than Elijah, then I think I’ll pass.” Austin shook his head.
How was he supposed to fight Julius when he couldn’t even defeat Elijah?
###Chapter 1849 by Marina Vittori
If Julius did that, it would be akin to walking into his own demise.
“Hmph! At least you’re self-aware.”
Julius sneered and continued, “Rufus, your youngest son has already admitted defeat. So, where is your eldest son?”
“Logan, you’ve hidden long enough. Don’t you think it’s time to reveal yourself?” Rufus spoke loudly.
Although he hadn’t laid eyes on Logan, he sensed his presence. In the previous case involving Russo, it was Logan’s tip -off that provided him the opportunity to eliminate the pests.
Now, with such a significant incident happening in the monarchy, given his son’s character, he would definitely not stand by idly. 2
“I can’t believe you not only deceived Julius but also all of us, you sly fox. And now, you’re even having me serve as your scapegoat. Is this really appropriate?”
After a brief moment of hesitation, Dustin finally removed his prosthetic mask. With Rufus still alive, the monarchy remained in power. Dustin had no choice but to reveal himself in the current circumstances. 1
Despite feeling somewhat cornered, he recognized that Rufus had made this decision in his best interest, as today presented the best moment to solidify his standing and prestige.
Defeating Julius, the Grand General of the Black Dragon Army, in front of his troops, would pave the way for his future succession by removing significant obstacles.
“What? Logan is actually him?” The revelation of Dustin’s true identity left everyone in shock.
No one had anticipated the mysterious and skilled master who defeated Elijah earlier to be the Kirin who had been missing for a decade. 2
The impact of this revelation rivaled that of Rufus’ resurrection. It seemed cunningness ran in the family, with both father and son proving to be masters of surprises.
“It’s you? How is that possible?” Julius’ expression conveyed shock.
He had thought Logan was gone for good, never expecting him to be so close. Moreover, he lacked confidence in securing a sure victory based on the skills Logan displayed earlier.
“Dear all, I apologize for concealing my identity. However, it was necessary at the time. I hope you understand.” After revealing his identity, Dustin bowed toward the members of the monarchy.
“Logan, when did you come back?” Eloise was stunned. After looking at Dustin, she shifted her attention to Austin. Austin smiled awkwardly, pretending not to notice.
“I’ve been back for a few days now. I heard the monarchy was facing a crisis, so I helped out in secret. But due to certain reasons, I couldn’t expose my identity.
“Unfortunately, I was still unable to hide it from this sly fox.” Dustin swept a gaze over to Rufus, his expression reflecting various emotions.
When he had heard the news of his father’s supposed death, he had struggled to contain his emotions. However, it all turned out to be part of Rufus’ elaborate scheme.
Rufus had orchestrated his own death as a way to lure out those with ulterior motives and eliminate them.
Dustin had to admit that it was a cunning move. It was so well executed that it even deceived those closest to him.
Although Julius excelled in both civil and military affairs and had remarkable strategic acumen, he remained significantly outmatched by the visionary Rufus.
Whether orchestrating his fake death or meticulously planning this duel, Rufus had manipulated Julius unwittingly from start to finish.
This was Prince Rufus of West Lucozia’s strategic depth!
###Chapter 1850 by Marina Vittori
“You rascal, you’ve been back for a while but never showed yourself. How could I have drawn you out if not through some clever means?” Rufus grumbled.
“Alright, enough of the small talk. We’ll settle the matter of your fake death later. Let’s first address the current issue.” Dustin’s sharp gaze shifted toward Julius.
Rufus’ assassination attempt was the work of the Dragon Guard remnants. After the attempt, Julius swiftly rebelled and sought to seize power. For Dustin, this hinted at a likely connection between Julius and the Dragon Guard.
Whether it was planning the rebellion or colluding with the remnants of the Dragon Guard, both were grave crimes in his eyes.
“Logan Rhys! “After the initial shock, Julius’ expression darkened.
It dawned on him that he had been manipulated. Rufus was undoubtedly aware of Dustin’s presence among them, hence his quick agreement. It was also his way of acknowledging Logan’s strength.
He had to admit that although he hadn’t seen Logan in ten years, Logan hadn’t faded into obscurity.
On the contrary, he had become even more outstanding. He could tell he was extraordinary from how he defeated Elijah earlier.
With skills nearing that of an ultimate grandmaster, Elijah ranked high in West Lucozia. Logan defeating Elijah indicated that his cultivation had reached the level of an ultimate grandmaster.
For Dustin to achieve such mastery at just over 20 years old showcased his terrifying talent.
If Julius didn’t destroy Logan today and allowed him to continue growing unchecked, even if Julius became the Prince of West Lucozia, he would live in constant anxiety.
After all, should an ultimate grandmaster like Logan attempt to assassinate him and fail, escaping would be a trivial matter for them.
“Uncle Julius, it’s been a long time. I trust you’ve been well,” Dustin said with a wry smile.
“Indeed. Ten years have passed in the blink of an eye. I almost couldn’t recognize you,” Julius responded with narrowed eyes, secretly on guard.
“Uncle Julius, let’s stop this. If you repent, considering your seniority, I can plead your case with Rufus on your behalf and spare you from a death sentence,” Dustin said calmly.
“At this point, do you think I can turn back?” Julius slowly unsheathed his sword, his expression unusually cold. It was impossible for him to give up now when he was just a step away from the throne.
Following the rules established earlier, defeating Logan would pave his way to power smoothly. He wouldn’t risk missing such a rare opportunity.
“As long as you’re willing to let go of your obsession, there’s still a chance of redemption,” Dustin remarked.
“It’s not an obsession. It is my lifelong ambition. I’m willing to sacrifice even my life for it!” Julius declared with a determined gaze.
“Is living not worth it? Why must you seek death?” Dustin shook his head.
From the moment Rufus came back alive, Julius had already lost.
Even though the Marshal’s military insignia could command the Black Dragon Army, it couldn’t surpass the authority of the Prince of West Lucozia.
With just a word from Rufus, all of Julius’ previous support would turn against him.
“The final victor remains uncertain until our battle is fought!” Julius declared, raising his sword and aiming it directly at Dustin.
“Logan, I acknowledge your skills, but I have been invincible on the battlefield for many years. I have never experienced defeat.
“I’m afraid you’re still not qualified to vie for the throne against me!”
“Uncle Julius, you might be formidable in leading troops on the battlefield. But in a martial arts duel, you may not necessarily be my equal,” Dustin earnestly responded.
###Chapter 1851 by Marina Vittori
“You insolent brat!” Julius glared at Dustin.
“Even though we’re both ultimate grandmasters, I refuse to believe that a brat like you will defeat me when I have decades of experience!”
“Since you’re so stubborn, don’t blame me for disregarding seniority. Please!” With a single outstretched hand, Dustin made a gesture for him to strike first.
“Behold my blade!” Without hesitation, Julius propelled forward with a tap of his feet, launching a fierce assault.
Julius’ swordplay exhibited swiftness and strength, with each strike aiming at vital points with deadly precision. Despite the lack of elaborate techniques, it was highly practical, leaving no vulnerabilities.
Julius was blessed with innate talent. With his years of battlefield experience and the integration of various refined sword techniques, Julius could be described as having mastered all schools of martial arts.
Having shed all imperfections, he had forged a unique sword technique of his own. His approach was based on speed, precision, and ferocity.
Once unleashed, every one in its path had to dodge the formidable, razor- sharp onslaught.
In the face of Julius’ formidable onslaught, Logan’s figure flickered continuously. He was elusive like leaves in the wind. It made it difficult to predict his movements.
In the exchange of back-and-forth attacks, the two showcased exceptional martial prowess, leaving onlookers transfixed and amazed.
Everyone maintained a safe distance to avoid being caught up in the fray, providing ample space for Dustin and Julius to exhibit their skills.
After all, since they were ultimate grandmasters, every strike carried the power to split mountains and shatter rocks. Even the residual effects of their combat could easily claim lives.
“I didn’t expect Julius to reach the level of an ultimate grandmaster already. Combined with his extensive experience on the battlefield, Logan is in for a tough fight,” Eloise commented, her gaze fixed on the unfolding battle.
She could barely distinguish the combatants and couldn’t make out their movements since they were too fast.
“Julius, that bastard has been hiding his true strength. A decade ago, we were evenly matched. It’s hard to believe he’s grown to such a terrifying level within ten years,” Wyatt said with a frown.
He had barely achieved the rank of grandmaster two years ago. However, Julius had long been an ultimate grandmaster. The disparity in their skills was akin to a gaping chasm.
“Julius is no ordinary person since he was able to rise to the esteemed position of Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry,” Lincon remarked casually.
“Besides, those carrying the Rhys bloodline are typically outstanding individuals. Comparatively, Prince Logan is the true monster.”
“You’re absolutely right!” Tyrus nodded in agreement.
“Even though Julius is extremely talented, he’s already over 40. Reaching the rank of an ultimate grandmaster at his age can be considered within the norm.
“On the other hand, Prince Logan is just in his twenties. To be able to showcase such extraordinary strength at his age truly sets him apart on a global scale.”
“That does make sense.” Wyatt grinned, acknowledging Tyrus’ remark.
Despite Julius’ remarkable abilities, he paled in comparison to the true genius that was Logan. If Logan ascended to the throne, West Lucozia would undoubtedly experience unprecedented prosperity.
“Don’t start celebrating just yet. Although Logan surpasses Julius in matial talent, he’s still young. There’s a gap of more than 20 years between them.
“Regardless of skill foundation or combat experience, Julius holds the upper hand. Thus, the outcome of today’s battle remains uncertain,” Eloise spoke solemnly.
In consideration of the monarchy’s interests, Eloise naturally wished for Logan’s victory. However, given the current circumstances, it was evident that Julius had the advantage.
###Chapter 1852 by Marina Vittori
“The princess consort is right. Even though Prince Logan is formidable, he’s still too young. The odds are not in his favor when faced with Julius, the cunning, sly fox,” Wyatt said thoughtfully.
Logan was a genius, but Julius was no ordinary opponent. After more than 20 years of cultivation, it would produce a terrifying gap between them. Hence, it was still uncertain as to who would emerge as the final victor.
“I have a different view,” Lincon spoke up again.
“Lincon, do you think Prince Logan has a higher chance of winning?” Tyrus probed.
“Yes.” Lincon nodded.
“Prince Rufus has remarkable strategic acumen and wisdom. He must be highly confident of winning this deal since he agreed to this competition. We should trust His Highness’ judgment.”
“Although that’s true, there are too many variables in a martial duel, especially between opponents of the same level. A tiny mistake can completely alter the course of the battle.
“Until the last moment, no one can predict the outcome definitively, not even His Highness,” Wyatt commented.
“That’s not the only reason I think Prince Logan has a higher chance of winning. There’s another crucial reason,” Lincon added.
“Oh? What would that be?” Wyatt raised an eyebrow.
“Have you heard of the Astonishing World List?” Lincon suddenly asked.
“No.” Wyatt shook his head. Since his expertise lay more in military affairs, he had limited knowledge of the martial arts world.
“I know about it,” Tyrus interjected.
“The Astonishing World List is the most prestigious martial arts ranking. Anyone who makes it onto the list is among the top martial artists.
“I remember the top three on the list are Arion Foyer of Sacred Wrym Summit, Alaric Drakon of the Dragon Guard, and the Sword Whisperer of West Lucozia, Seth Hughes.”
“What? The Sword Whisperer Seth Hughes is only ranked third?” Wyatt widened his eyes in surprise.
In his view, The Sword Whisperer, Seth Hughes, wasn’t just the foremost power in West Lucozia but also the strongest in the world.
His awe-inspiring swordplay stood unmatched, and no one had survived three strikes from him. A near god-like existence, ranking only third on the Astonishing World List, was genuinely astonishing.
“Although the Astonishing World List doesn’t claim to list every powerful individual on earth, the best of the best are undoubtedly included.
“It’s not an exaggeration to say that the top ten martial artists on the Astonishing World List are the strongest individuals in the world!” Certainty laced Lincon’s words.
“If the Sword Whisperer can only rank third, then the might of this list is truly formidable. But why bring it up now? Does it concern us?” Wyatt was puzzled.
“I forgot to mention that the Astonishing World List has been updated. His Highness Prince Logan currently holds the tenth position!” Lincon dropped a bombshell.
“What? Prince Logan is a top martial artist ranked on the list? Are you serious?” Wyatt’s eyes widened even further.
“Sir Blaze, you’re not joking, are you? Prince Logan actually made it to the list?” Tyrus found it hard to believe.
Wyatt might not fully grasp the significance of the Astonishing World List, but he understood well enough that it was the aspiration of all martial artists and the ultimate goal in their lives.
If the list was accurate, that meant Prince Logan was the tenth-strongest martial artist in the world. It was terrifying to think about!
“The list was only updated recently, so not many are aware yet. But Prince Logan has indeed secured a spot on the list.” Lincon asserted earnestly.
“That’s remarkable if true! I never expected Prince Logan to develop at such an astonishing rate when he’s been missing for ten years. It’s truly awe-inspiring!”
“Wait a minute! If Prince Logan is on the list, then what about Julius?” Wyatt suddenly asked.
###Chapter 1853 by Marina Vittori
“Of course not.”
Lincon shook his head and added, “In fact, there’s an unwritten rule for the Astonishing World List. High-ranking royal officials are not allowed on the list.”
“So, is Julius not strong enough to be on the list, or is he not allowed?” Wyatt questioned further.
“He’s not allowed on the list, and he’s not qualified either,” Lincoln responded.
“That puts my mind at ease.” Wyatt breathed a sigh of relief.
“If the Astonishing World List is accurate, then Prince Logan must be stronger than Julius. As long as he doesn’t underestimate his opponent, he should be able to secure a stable victory,” Tyrus analyzed. 2
“That may be true, but we should still exercise caution,” Eloise murmured to herself.
She felt a mix of emotions witnessing Logan’s excellence. On one hand, she hoped for his victory to restore the monarchy’s dignity. On the other hand, she harbored concerns.
If Logan were to assume the throne, she worried he might follow in Julius’ footsteps and take action against her son.
After all, her son unconditionally trusted Logan, bordering on dependence. If Logan chose to sever ties, her son would face dire consequences.
Meanwhile, the clash between Dustin and Julius was escalating. Both parties moved with incredible speed.
They were so fast that ordinary soldiers could only vaguely see two blurred figures entwined in combat. Occasionally, thunderous explosions resonated, generating powerful shockwaves.
“They’ve been at it for quite a while now. Given the Grand General’s prowess, he should have won already. Why has he yet to defeat Prince Logan? “Elijah squinted, quietly observing the unfolding battle.
On the surface, it appeared that Julius was pressing the offensive, forcing Logan into a defensive stance.
Normally, Julius would have defeated his opponent within three minutes with his aggressive approach. However, it had been ten minutes, and the outcome remained uncertain. It was an odd situation.
“Logan is a fellow ultimate gr. ndmaster. Dealing with him is undoubtedly no easy task. Grand General Rhys will need to go all out to win,” Everett commented.
“At this point, going all out is the only option. Grand General Rhys would be in danger should he face defeat.” Shane shook his head.
“Generals, if Grand General Rhys is defeated, what would be your course of action?” Elijah asked abruptly.
“What else can we do? Naturally, it’s to stand by Grand General Rhys till the end,” Everett declared, showing no fear of impending death.
“Exactly! As the Grand General’s trusted confidants, we should face life and death alongside him,” Shane declared righteously.
“Why must both of you be so resolute?” Elijah’s words carried profound meaning.
“The Grand General and we are separate beings. Each individual has the right to survive. Sacrificing ourselves for others seems unnecessary.
“What do you mean by that, Sir Valor?” Everett raised an eyebrow.
“It’s undeniably the best outcome if Grand General Rhys emerges victorious. But if he doesn’t, we must also be prepared to protect ourselves,” Elijah whispered.
“Are you suggesting we surrender?” Shane’s expression darkened as he exclaimed.
“Wise men adapt to circumstances. Shouldn’t we value our own lives?”
Elijah began to persuade them.”
Generals, we’ve worked hard to reach our positions today. There’s still a bright future ahead for us, with endless glory and wealth to revel in. Are you willing to sacrifice all of that here?
“Besides, think about your families and friends if you won’t consider yourselves. If you die, what will happen to your family? Who will care for them?
“Well…” Everett and Shane exchanged glances, evidently waning in their initial determination.
###Chapter 1854 by Marina Vittori
“General Caide, what do you think?” Shane probed, clear hesitation in his voice. Even though he aligned with Julius, he deeply respected Prince Rufus of West Lucozia. If Rufus were dead, he would have readily joined Julius in his rebellion.
However, Rufus was alive, altering the dynamics. This forced Shane to contemplate the consequences.
It was as Elijah had pointed out. He might dismiss thoughts of self- preservation, but he had to think about his family and friends.
“General Gilby, we shouldn’t rush into a decision until the final moment. I have faith that Grand General Rhys will emerge victorious in the battle against Logan.
“If Grand General Rhys secures victory, we still have a chance for a turnaround.
“Everett expressed with depth.
“That’s right! Grand General Rhys has unparalleled martial prowess. He’ll surely win. How can Logan be a match for Grand General Rhys?” Shane nodded repeatedly.
“Sir Valor, please stop undermining the military’s morale here. We’re all in the same boat, sharing both success and failure.
“In case of an unexpected result, you won’t be able to escape the consequences alone either,” Everett admonished.
“I’m just offering a friendly reminder. If you don’t find it helpful, then let it be.
“Elijah shrugged.
Their ideals diverged, and as the two generals failed to grasp his intentions, it was futile to say more. To him, survival was paramount. Power and wealth came second, and everything else didn’t matter.
While they conversed, the dynamics on the battlefield suddenly shifted. Perhaps due to exhaustion, Julius’ attacks had noticeably slowed down. In contrast, Dustin maintained his vigor, seemingly unaffected in the slightest.
In fact, Dustin had yet to unleash his full strength, allowing Julius to execute his attacks freely. On one hand, it was to test Julius’ limits. On the other hand, it was a measure of caution.
If Julius had genuine connections to the Dragon Guard, Dragon Guard members could be hiding within the vicinity.
In other words, formidable individuals from the Dragon Guard could be lying in wait, anticipating an opportune moment.
While Julius posed no threat to him, the Dragon Guard was different. Their current leader, Reagan Judd, ranked fifth on the Astonishing World List, far surpassing him in strength.
If they were to launch a sneak attack, he could end up severely injured or even killed if he didn’t remain vigilant.
While evading and maneuvering, Dustin remarked casually, “Uncle Julius, let’s end this here. You’re no match for me. There is no purpose in continuing this fight.
“We both belong to the Rhys family. There’s no need for a fight to the death. Repent, and you’ll remain the Grand General and enjoy prosperity.”
“Do you think I’m a child? If I surrender, I won’t be seeing the light of day tomorrow!” Julius shouted. Throughout history, the struggle for the throne had always ended with either success or death, with no third option. If he failed today, death was the only path.
“I know it’s the Dragon Guard pulling the strings, and you’ve been misled by deceivers. Your actions were impulsive.
“I can assure you that if you reveal the true culprits, I won’t hold your mistakes against you,” Dustin spoke earnestly.
“Hmph! Do you think I’ll believe you?” Julius’s expression was cold, but his attacks involuntarily slowed.
“Uncle Julius, you must realize you’re in a hopeless situation. If you want to avoid dire consequences, agree to my conditions. This is your chance to make amends,” Dustin stated.
“If Rufus had told me this, I might have believed it to some extent. But from a brat like you?” Julius shouted.
“You can choose not to believe me, but do you have any other options?”
Dustin said indifferently, “I’m only telling you this because we are family. If it were someone else, they’d be dead by now.”
“Trying to scare me, are you? Do you think you can defeat me? Stop dreaming!” Julius retorted.
###Chapter 1855 by Marina Vittori
“Uncle Julius, my patience has its limits. Will you accept my conditions or not?” Dustin’s expression turned icy.
“You want me to agree to your conditions? Fine, but you must defeat me in a fair fight, or there’s no deal!” Julius shouted.
West Lucozia valued martial prowess. As a grand general who had fought his way through countless bloody battlefields, he understood the importance of strength.
It was a world where respect and reason were reserved for the strong, while the weak had no right to argue.
“Alright, since you insist on a showdown, I’ll fulfill your wish!”
Dustin declared loud and clear, “I’m going to strike three times. If you can defend against all three of my attacks, I’ll admit defeat!”
“You insolent brat! I’m going to teach you a lesson!” Julius, incensed by the apparent disrespect, intensified his attacks. Blades filled the sky, sweeping toward Dustin like a storm.
With a light tap of his toes, Dustin lifted off the ground, soaring more than a hundred feet into the air.
“First strike, Sevenbane!”
After hovering in the air for a few seconds, Dustin abruptly changed directions. Gripping his sword with a single hand, he dove headfirst, unleashing a powerful strike. In an instant, the Celestial Blade emitted an intense black radiance.
The black radiance expanded rapidly, giving rise to a colossal black sword stretching ten feet. It gave off an icy glow as though it could consume everything in its path and descended toward Julius on the ground.
“W-What?” Julius’ expression hardened as he sensed the terrifying aura emanating from the giant sword.
Without much time to think, he held his sword firmly with both hands. Channeling all his internal energy, he struck fiercely at the colossal black sword in the sky.
A golden sword aura shot out with lightning speed, colliding forcefully with the black sword.
A resounding explosion echoed.
The moment Julius’ sword aura made contact with the colossal sword, it detonated, releasing energy that rippled in shockwaves in all directions.
In contrast, the colossal black sword remained undeterred, steadfastly advancing on its course toward Julius.
“What?” Julius exclaimed in shock and swiftly raised his sword to defend against the incoming attack.
At the same time, he channeled his internal energy to form a thick protective armor, attempting to confront the impending strike head-on.
“Boom!” A thunderous explosion reverberated, causing the earth to tremble.
The colossal black sword collided forcefully with Julius’ protective armor, and the sheer impact blasted him into the ground, carving out a pit several feet wide in the flat ground.
The violent shockwave, originating from the epicenter of the explosion, radiated in all directions like a cascading landslide.
Debris scattered through the air, and gusts of strong wind forced the onlookers to channel internal energy to protect themselves.
###Chapter 1856 by Marina Vittori
Meanwhile, in the pit, Julius was still struggling. The protective armor around him flickered, with cracks rapidly spreading across its surface. Overhead, the colossal black sword vibrated slightly, pressing down on him relentlessly.
Julius felt as if an entire mountain was weighing down on him. The immense force caused his hands to tremble and his knees to buckle.
Yet, he had no other option but to clench his teeth and endure it. He knew that a strike from the colossal sword above would inevitably lead to his demise.
It was only at this moment that Julius realized how strong Logan was. It appeared that Logan had been holding back from the start.
Now, with Logan taking the fight seriously, Julius found it exceedingly challenging to withstand the onslaught.
“Ah-!” Sensing the imminent threat of death, Julius let out a piercing roar. A surge of energy erupted from within him like a tidal wave, desperately trying to reinforce the protective armor. However, no matter how hard he tried to mend it, the cracks multiplied continuously.
“Damn it! It’s all or nothing now!” Realizing that he couldn’t hold on any longer, Julius growled and activated the secret Rhys technique.
In an instant, his eyes blazed crimson, and his muscles swelled, releasing waves of overwhelming energy from every fiber of his being.
The secret Rhys technique could swiftly unleash the latent potential of the human body, achieving maximum strength and a breakthrough. It stood as a divine survival skill, a means to destroy enemies in critical moments.
However, this divine technique had a fatal flaw. After the brief surge, the body would grow extremely weak.
In other words, if the opponent couldn’t be defeated within the designated timeframe, the only inevitable outcome would be death.
Julius never thought he would be forced into such a desperate situation. But now, with no other options, he had to activate the secret technique to save his life.
“Break!” Suddenly, a golden wave of energy burst forth from his chest.
At that moment, something extraordinary happened. The colossal black sword, which had loomed overhead, was finally knocked away, disintegrating into faint black lights and dissipating.
Dustin, who had become one with his sword, reverted to his original form, gracefully descending from the air. The Celestial Blade in his hand flickered unpredictably, ready for another strike at a moment’s notice.
Despite barely fending off Dustin’s onslaught, Julius was left drained, panting heavily. His complexion had paled, beads of sweat covered his forehead, and even his legs quivered uncontrollably.
The last strike was truly horrifying.
He might not have endured it if he had not resorted to the secret Rhys technique, forcibly breaking through and significantly boosting his strength.
“Logan! Is that your strongest move? It seems rather unimpressive!” While catching his breath, Julius taunted with a smirk.
“My strongest move?” Dustin shook his head with a wry smile.
“Uncle Julius, you must be mistaken. I was merely warming up. The real excitement is still up ahead.”
“What? A warm-up?” Julius’ expression stiffened, and the corner of his eye twitched.
That last strike nearly took his life. How could it be a mere warm-up? Was this some kind of joke?
“Logan Rhys! Don’t try to scare me! If you truly have the skills, come at me!” Julius exclaimed through gritted teeth.
He refused to believe that Logan was genuinely that strong. It had to be an act.
“Alright. Since you’re so eager, it’s time I get serious.”
###Chapter 1857 by Marina Vittori
Dustin slowly raised the Celestial Blade and pointed it straight at Julius. ” Second strike, Conquest Breaker!”
In the next second, Dustin vanished and turned into a dark silhouette. He became one with his sword as he surged toward Julius with great momentum. Although this strike lacked the imposing aura or bone-chilling presence, its swiftness was unparalleled.
Within the blink of an eye, the dark radiance had traversed dozens of feet, materializing right in front of Julius’ chest.
“What?” Julius’ eyes widened. With no time to react, he could only instinctively channel his protective energy armor.
A resounding explosion echoed as the dark radiance forcefully collided with Julius’ protective armor, unleashing a torrent of terrifying energy.
The typically indestructible protective armor shattered like glass, offering no resistance. After the armor shattered, the residual force of the dark radiance hammered into Julius’ golden armor.
The mystical gold-forged armor dented from the powerful impact. Julius was sent hurtling a hundred feet away like a projectile. He crashed heavily into a knight’s statue at the entrance.
The knight, crafted from several tons of stone, fractured instantly upon impact.
On the other hand, Julius spewed blood from his mouth and nose, his complexion growing even paler. Lying motionless on the ground, he felt as if his body had been reduced to fragments. The onlookers erupted into a frenzied buzz at the spectacle that just unfolded.
No one expected Dustin to be that strong when he decided to get serious. Even Julius, who had unleashed the secret Rhys technique, was effortlessly sent flying with just a few moves.
The glaring difference in strength between the two was undeniable.
“Oh my goodness! Is Prince Logan really that powerful? Even the Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry couldn’t match him?”
“The Rhys family’s Kirin lives up to its name. He’s truly an unparalleled genius standing above all!”
“Grand General Rhys is indeed unfortunate to encounter such a monstrous opponent. How did any of this make sense?”
The crowd fervently discussed the scene as they witnessed Julius spit out blood.
Dustin had effectively shattered Julius’ once-invincible reputation in the Black Dragon Army, revealing his terrifying talent to the world.
“Well done!” Wyatt couldn’t contain his excitement, erupting into hearty laughter at Dustin’s victory.
Even though Lincon had previously stated that Prince Logan had a higher chance of winning, he had to see it for himself to feel at ease. Now that he did, Prince Logan’s true strength left him in awe.
“Hmph! That’s what you get for challenging my brother to a duel!” Austin asserted proudly, a satisfied grin on his face.
“The young man has made remarkable progress,” Rufus remarked with a satisfied smile, his eyes squinted in approval.
“This is bad. He’s thoroughly defeated this time.” Elijah’s expression turned serious as he spoke.
“Generals, it’s time you make a decision.”
Everett and Shane exchanged frustrated glances in silence.
“Uncle Julius, there’s one more strike left. Would you like to try it out?” Dustin extended two fingers and made an upward motion.
With a whoosh, the Celestial Blade flew to a height of a hundred feet, its tip pointing downward, firmly fixed on Julius below it.
A dark radiance flickered unpredictably on the jet-black blade, resembling a beast ready to devour its prey.
“This third move of mine is known as Ravenous Wolf. It’s twice as strong as the second strike. If you’re interested, I’ll allow you a taste,” Dustin said as he abruptly gestured two fingers downward.
The Celestial Blade, suspended a hundred feet above, instantly transformed into a dark radiance, descending with formidable force toward Julius.
A resounding symphony of roars and growls echoed as it sliced through the air, carrying an intimidating might.
“Enough! I concede! I concede!”
Confronted with the imminent threat of death, Julius screamed in terror, finally surrendering.
###Chapter 1858 by Marina Vittori
A resonant hum filled the air as the majestic Celestial Blade came to a halt just inches above Julius’ head.
Julius could vividly feel the icy aura emanating from the blade, sending shivers down his spine and beads of cold sweat trickling down his back.
“Withdraw!” Dustin motioned again with his two fingers. In a swift motion, the Celestial Blade transformed into a dark radiance and returned to his grasp.
“Uncle Julius, you lost,” Dustin commented indifferently.
“I can’t believe you defeated me.”
Julius gazed forlornly at his own hands, finding it hard to accept reality.
Devoting himself to martial arts since childhood, he never allowed room for slack. His unwavering dedication, coupled with a natural talent for cultivation, propelled him to breakthrough to the level of an ultimate grandmaster by the age of 40.
Within West Lucozia, he stood among the elite.
He had thought he could secure an easy win with his strong foundation and rich combat experience. However, Logan’s three strikes made him understand that there was a staggering disparity in their abilities.
Even when he had tried his best and activated the secret Rhys technique, he wasn’t able to inflict the slightest harm upon Logan. He was met only with a resolute defeat.
This blow struck Julius profoundly. The pride he held in his talent seemed insignificant before Logan’s prowess.
“Uncle Julius, your skills are impressive. Not only in West Lucozia, but I doubt there are many who can rival you throughout Dragonmarsh,” Dustin said.
“No need for consolation. The fact is, I lost. I’m not one to be a sore loser,” Julius said self-deprecatingly.
“Uncle Julius, our agreement still stands. As long as you tell me the truth and the whereabouts of the Dragon Guard remnants, I promise not to make things difficult for you.” Dustin asserted. Instead of responding, Julius turned his gaze toward Rufus.
“Logan’s words are mine,” Rufus affirmed casually.
“I’ll agree to your conditions as long as you promise not to punish my subordinates.” Julius negotiated.
“No problem. As long as the information proves useful, I won’t kill them.” Dustin nodded.
“Alright, it’s a deal!” Julius breathed a sigh of relief.
Even with Logan’s assurance not to kill him, Julius knew his fate was far from favorable. His crimes would land him in Azkaban, or his core would be destroyed, and he would be condemned to a lifetime of house arrest.
The former was a fate worse than death, while the latter offered a chance to enjoy his remaining years.
He was cornered and with no room for resistance. Julius had to leverage the information he possessed for a more favorable outcome.
“You’re correct. A member of the Dragon Guard did contact me.” Julius revealed after calming the turbulent emotions in his chest.
“Initially, I paid them no attention, but it wasn’t until I saw a familiar face that I was truly shaken.”
“Whose face did you see?” Dustin asked.
“The former general of the Black Dragon Army, Reston Rever!” Julius declared solemnly. The revelation sent the crowd into a frenzy.
“Reston Rever? Isn’t he supposed to be dead?”
“Exactly! Reston died ten years ago. How could he still be in West Lucozia?”
###Chapter 1859 by Marina Vittori
“Could Julius be lying?” Everyone exchanged puzzled glances, unable to comprehend the situation. Even Rufus appeared surprised.
Reston Rever was considered a legendary figure in the Black Dragon Army, sharing camaraderie with Rufus in battles that defended their homeland and achieved greatness together.
However, he disappeared ten years ago during the upheaval in Oakvale.
A charred corpse with Reston’s insignia was found in the midst of the blaze. Later, a ceremonial tomb was erected in the cemetery to commemorate him.
To their surprise, the familiar name resurfaced after many years, and even more shockingly, the person was alive. What in the world was happening?
“Surprised, aren’t you?” Julius grinned.
“When I first saw Reston, I was just as shocked as you are now. I never expected a person declared dead for ten years to stand before me alive.
“Curiosity got the better of me, so I had a good chat with him. Do you want to know what I found out?”
After scanning the crowd, Julius continued, building suspense, “The Reston from ten years ago is no more. He goes by Reagan Judd and is now the new guildmaster of the Dragon Guard.”
“What? Reston is the Dragon Guard’s guildmaster?” The revelation left the onlookers in renewed shock.
Although there was no clear evidence during the upheaval in Oakvale back then, many clues pointed to the mysterious organization known as the Dragon Guard hidden behind the royal family.
Due to their immense size and influence, even the then-mighty Prince of West Lucozia dared not openly engage in war. He had chosen to endure in silence instead.
No one could have imagined that the former Grand General of the Black Dragon Army would become the Dragon Guard’s guildmaster. This shift in identity was truly astonishing.
“Go on.” Dustin’s expression remained unchanged. He needed detailed information since he was already aware of Reston.
“After Reston-I mean, after Reagan came looking for me, he proposed a deal.
“He claimed that as long as I formed an alliance with him, we could enjoy the world together, becoming its co-rulers.
“I didn’t believe him at first. I even thought he was crazy. However, to convince me, he solemnly promised to support me in ascending to the throne of West Lucozia.
“Having been a Grand General for so many years, I must admit, I harbored a genuine desire to take that extra step and experience the life of the Prince of West Lucozia.
“So, I asked him how he planned to support my ascent. His plan involved assassinating Rufus, paving the way for my rebellion and the chance to claim the throne.
“I was hesitant at first. One, I didn’t believe him, and two, I couldn’t bring myself to do it. So, I didn’t agree right away.
“However, the lunatic said that he already had it all planned out and just told me to make preparations.
“Of course, I didn’t believe he had that ability. After all, there have been countless attempts to assassinate the Prince of West Lucozia every year, but none have succeeded.
“I never dreamed that he actually managed to do it in less than three days!
“When I heard the news that the Prince of West Lucozia had been assassinated, my heart was mixed with emotions.
“On one hand, I felt sad for losing a brother. And on the other hand, I was consumed with desires for power and status.
“I knew that as long as I cooperated with Reagan, there was a great chance that I would not only become the Prince of West Lucozia but even the ruler of the world.
“So, I couldn’t resist the temptation, chose to form an alliance, and made such a foolish decision.” Having said this, Julius sighed deeply, looking regretful.
Of course, his regret wasn’t about rebelling. It stemmed from the fact that Rufus survived. Otherwise, he would have ascended to power by now.
###Chapter 1860 by Marina Vittori
After Julius finished saying that, Dustin finally spoke. “Uncle Julius, we already know about your experience. You only did this as others misled you.
“However, I only want to know where Reagan is. Plus, where did you hide Dragon Guard’s remnants?”
Despite saying so much, Julius did not talk about the main point at all.
“Honestly, I don’t know about Reagan’s whereabouts despite having partnered with him.” Julius shook his head.
“You don’t know?” Dustin furrowed his eyebrows.
This meant that Dustin had basically wasted all his efforts. “Don’t get anxious. Although I don’t know where Reagan is, I can contact him.” Julius changed the topic.
“I agreed to meet him somewhere after succeeding. We’ll go there to discuss matters.”
“Really? Where did you guys plan to meet?” Dustin furrowed his eyebrows.
“Are you sure you want me to answer now?” Julius scanned his surroundings meaningfully.
“Come and help Uncle Julius inside!” A few guards immediately appeared with Dustin’s shout. Then, they helped the heavily injured Julius inside the castle.
“Albert, go and handle the people outside. Remember not to kill anyone.” Dustin also entered the castle after ordering him.
“By the decree of His Highness, listen up, all soldiers of the Black Dragon Army! Return to your base immediately and guard the fortress!” Albert spoke.
“Yes, sir!” The Black Dragon Army replied in unison. None of them hesitated at this moment. They immediately gathered and returned back to their post.
They only came with Julius because of the Marshal’s military insignia. They would naturally listen to his orders now that Dustin was still alive.
“Stop right there!”
At this moment, Albert fixed his gaze on Elijah, who was about to escape. ” Elijah, who said that you could leave?”
“Didn’t His Highness say that he wouldn’t blame us for what we did in the past?” Elijah swallowed hard.
“Although His Highness spared your lives, it doesn’t mean you can leave just like that,” Albert replied indifferently.
“The crime of rebellion is enough to warrant the extermination of nine generations. Although His Highness is unwilling to cause more blood to shed, you still need to pay for your crime!”
“What … What are you trying to say? I’m only following orders. I didn’t do anything. Blame Julius! He’s the one who ordered me to do this!” Elijah tried to get out of it.
“His Highness would naturally decide how to punish Grand General Rhys. As for you all, we’ll talk after you spend a few days in the dungeon.”
Albert waved his hands. “Arrest all these rebels and interrogate them thoroughly. Let’s see if there are any more accomplices!”
“Yes, sir!” A team from the Black Dragon Army rushed forward and surrounded Elijah and the others.
Elijah and his team were all trusted commanders of Julius and were very loyal to him. If this incident wasn’t handled properly, Albert knew it could potentially stir up more trouble.
“Albert, don’t abuse your authority! His Highness said not to hurt us!” Elijah exclaimed sternly.
“That’s right! We’re willing to surrender, and His Highness agreed not to pursue it any further. Don’t go so far!” Everett, Shane, and the others’ expressions changed. They looked like they had seen a ghost.
Everyone in West Lucozia knew about Albert’s ruthlessness.
Although Albert no longer fought on the battlefield, he was now in charge of the criminal justice system in West Lucozia. He specialized in interrogating serious criminals.
Albert’s methods were ruthless and merciless. Thus, everyone was fearful of him.
Those who fell into Albert’s hands were practically doomed. Even death became a luxury to them. The criminals would find themselves in a situation where they were unable to die even if they wanted to.
Thus, everyone became anxious when they heard Albert was sending them to jail.
###Chapter 1861 by Marina Vittori
After all, Albert was the one in power once they were in jail. Even if he wanted to do something to them, nobody would know. Even if Albert killed them, he could come up with an excuse that they had taken their own lives.
“Don’t worry. I’m only asking. I don’t mean any harm,” Albert said indifferently. “Of course, don’t blame me for being ruthless if you guys dare to resist. Bring them away!”
With his order, the Draken Guardians immediately tied Elijah and the others with Draken Rope.
Draken Rope was specially made for martial artists. Even grandmaster martial artists would find it difficult to break free from it.
Plus, even if Elijah could break free from it, he didn’t dare to do so.
Albert was way more powerful than everyone else. Thus, Elijah and the group knew they would be worse off if they provoked Albert.
Thus, they could only pray Albert would keep his word and not torture them.
“Clean up and be alert to your surroundings. Don’t let anyone suspicious get away!” Albert ordered again. Then, he escorted Elijah and the others to the prison bus and headed straight to jail.
In the castle’s meeting room, Rufus sat indifferently in the corner and held a cup of hot coffee in his hands.
Eloise stayed beside him without a word. Clad in golden armor, Austin guarded the door vigilantly. Dustin and Julius sat across from each other with coffee and snacks on the table.
“Uncle Julius, can you speak now? You can speak freely here.” Dustin pushed a cup of coffee before Julius calmly. After coughing twice, Julius drank the entire cup of coffee.
“I didn’t expect you to be so powerful after not seeing you for ten years. The two moves back there almost killed me. “Julius sighed.m
“Uncle Julius, stop beating around the bush. Just say what you want to say.” Dustin remained indifferent.
“Dustin, I know you won’t forgive me so easily. Thus, I want to use this opportunity to redeem my sins.” Julius’ expression turned serious.
“What do you mean?” Dustin asked.
“It’s simple. I can help you catch Reagan and even destroy Dragon Guard. However, you’ll need to grant me freedom for the rest of my life,” Julius replied.
“Are you suggesting that you want to use yourself as bait to set up a trap and capture Reagan?” Dustin quickly understood what he meant.
Julius nodded hard. “That’s right! I know what Reagan did and how dangerous he is to West Lucozia. As a member of the family, I am responsible for getting rid of this threat!”
“Are you confident?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“Although I don’t dare to say that I’ll definitely succeed, I have about a 50 percent chance.” Julius raised five fingers.
Dustin didn’t reply right away. Instead, he looked toward Rufus.
“Okay! Julius, tell us about your plan. If I think it’s doable, I can let you out of West Lucozia.” Rufus was straightforward.
Julius’ eyes lit up. He immediately replied, “My plan is simple. I’ll come up with an excuse to lure Reagan out.
“Then, we’ll set up an ambush in advance. As soon as Reagan enters the encirclement, we’ll attack immediately and get rid of him!”
###Chapter 1862 by Marina Vittori
“You want to set an ambush for Reagan? I don’t think it’ll be that easy. Reagan is more capable than me.
“He’ll definitely find out if something is off. We won’t be able to stop him if he wants to escape either,” Dustin said indifferently.
Reagan was number five on the Astonishing World List. In other words, he was ranked number five in the world. Thus, it was extremely hard to kill someone like him.
A simple ambush plan like that would not work at all. Julius must have been unsure of Reagan’s capability or he was playing dumb. Otherwise, there was no way he could come up with that plan.
“Naturally, we can’t kill him just like that. We can poison him.”
While saying that, Julius looked toward Rufus. “There are many rare treasures in your treasure room. I remember there’s a poison called Deicide Venom.”
“Deicide Venom? The top poison of the ten deadliest poisons?” Dustin was stunned. The ten deadliest poisons were so terrifying that it would make an individual tremble at the mere mention.
Among them, the top-ranked Deicide Venom could make everyone shudder regardless of their cultivation level.
Moreover, it was undefendable, irremediable, and irremovable. However, Deicide Venom only existed in rumors. Nobody had seen it with their own eyes before.
Dustin didn’t expect such a weapon to be hidden in his father’s treasure room. “That’s right. Deicide Venom is the most deadly poison in the world. Anyone affected by it would be dead regardless of their capability or cultivation level.
“Of course, the one from Sacred Wrym Summit would be the only one not affected,” Rufus said. Rufus added the last sentence because the one from Sacred Wrym Summit could not be considered human.
“I didn’t expect you to be so well- informed. You even know about the treasures I collected,” Rufus replied meaningfully.
“I only got to know it by chance. It’s purely coincidental.” Julius smiled. Naturally, he wouldn’t reveal the fact that he had planted a spy beside Rufus.
It would only invite more suspicion on Julius.
“Although Deicide Venom is more powerful, it has quite a disadvantage. You need to get about ten feet close to the enemy, not to mention discreetly.
“If the enemy is on guard, the success rate will greatly decrease,” Rufus explained.
“You don’t need to worry about this. I’ll meet Reagan at the secret spot according to our promise. At that time, I’ll use Deicide Venom on him unexpectedly.
“It wouldn’t matter if Reagan had extraordinary abilities or not. He’d be doomed either way. With him gone, the remnants of the Dragon Guard would not have a leader.
“It’ll just be a matter of time when they’ll wipe out,” Julius claimed confidently.
“Dustin, what do you think?” Rufus looked toward Dustin.
“We can try his plan. If he succeeds, we can get rid of a big threat.” Dustin nodded in agreement. Now that Reagan’s whereabouts were unknown, only Julius had a chance to get close to him. Thus, it wouldn’t hurt to give it a try.
Naturally, it would be best if he succeeded. If he failed, however, it wouldn’t be too much of a loss to them.
“Okay. Let’s proceed with Julius’ plan.”
Rufus nodded and looked toward Eloise beside him. “Eloise, head to the third floor of the treasure room and take Deicide Venom to use.”
“Okay,” Eloise answered and quickly left.
“Uncle Julius, this will be a dangerous mission. For your safety, I have a gift for you.”
Dustin suddenly took out a black pill and handed it to Julius. With a smile, he said, “This is Rejuvenatium which I prepared for you.
“After taking it, not only can it quickly heal injuries, but it can also increase your cultivation level. It has many advantages.”
“Rejuvenatium?”
###Chapter 1863 by Marina Vittori
Julius raised an eyebrow. Staring at the black pill, he felt a bit suspicious. Thus, he forced a smile and replied, ” Dustin, thank you. However, you should keep it for yourself. I don’t need it.”
“I have a lot of Rejuvenatium. It’s not anything precious. Feel free to take it. If one is not enough, I have many more.” Dustin continued to smile.
“Well…” Julius was a bit hesitant.
“What is it? You don’t believe me? Do you think I’ll poison you?” Dustin suddenly asked.
“Of course not. You’re such a righteous person. There’s no way you would do something like that.” Julius forced a smile.
“Eat it, then.” Dustin pushed the black pill to him. The corners of Julius’ eye twitched. After taking a deep breath, he took the black pill and swallowed it. Julius had to eat it regardless of what it contained. Otherwise, he couldn’t obtain Dustin’s trust.
“Uncle Julius, how do you feel?” Dustin questioned with a smile.
“Not bad. It’s no wonder that it’s such an amazing pill. I can feel a warm sensation flowing in my body right after consuming it.
“The circulatory pathways that were previously blocked are all clear now,” Julius praised.
“Since you’re feeling well, let’s set the ambush plan tonight,” Dustin added.
“What? Tonight? Isn’t it too rushed?” Julius furrowed his eyebrows.
Julius’ injuries couldn’t be recovered in a short period. If the ambush plan went wrong and Reagan attacked him, it would be difficult for Julius to escape with his condition.
“Uncle Julius, an opportunity like this is hard to come by. News about the monarchy will be revealed soon.
“I’m sure Reagan will notice that something is off too. We need to act quickly to avoid unnecessary complications. Otherwise, it won’t be good if Reagan escapes.” Dustin urged.
“That’s true. However …” Julius hesitated.
“Don’t worry. We’ll try our best to ensure your safety. If you encounter any danger, you just need to yell.
“Our team that will hide in the shadows will make a move immediately. We won’t let you face any danger alone.” Dustin consoled.
When Julius heard Dustin telling him to yell, the corner of his eyes twitched.
It was basically a joke to Julius.
“Julius, I’ll give you a golden spirit armor to protect yourself. With that, you can block Reagan’s full-fledged attack.” Rufus spoke up at the correct time.
“Thank you! I’ll gladly accept if that’s the case!” Julius’ expression brightened as he thanked him. Julius could at least defend himself with the armor.
“Julius, you should go and rest. We’ll notify you once we finish the necessary arrangements,” Rufus replied.
“Okay!” Julius answered before leaving.
Naturally, Julius couldn’t leave the castle right now. He could only live in the castle’s standalone villa under the supervision of Draken Guardians.
After Julius left, Rufus spoke again. ” Dustin, do you think Julius’ words can be trusted?”
“No. However, he still has his value,” Dustin replied straightforwardly.
“Julius has many ideas. I’m afraid he won’t do as he says,” Rufus reminded.
“I understand that.”
Dustin smiled. “Thus, I add something special to Rejuvenatium. If he dares to betray us, he’s doomed!”
###Chapter 1864 by Marina Vittori
“Oh? It seems like you got prepared in advance.” Rufus smiled meaningfully. Dustin was indeed cunning. After all, he only did all of this to pressure Julius.
After eating Rejuvenatium, Julius wouldn’t dare to reveal any of his hidden intentions if he had any.
“I don’t trust Uncle Julius, so I must take precautions. That way, our efforts won’t be in vain if he acts recklessly and rebels again.” Dustin shrugged.
“It’s a good thing to be on alert. However, is it reliable to use your uncle as bait?”
Rufus added thoughtfully, “Reagan is very capable and cunning. It’s difficult to be able to deceive him.”
“We cannot succeed with Uncle Julius alone. There’s no way Reagan would trust someone that he had just partnered with. Thus, we will need to prepare another plan,” Dustin replied.
“Oh? Do you have a good plan?” Rufus raised an eyebrow.
“I cannot reveal it. You’ll get to know when the time comes,” Dustin teased.
“You brat! You’re going to hide from your father?” Rufus said irritably.
“I’m not hiding from you but from the people around you. Nobody knows if there’s a spy around you. There’s no harm in being cautious.” Dustin smiled.
“Alright. You’re all grown up now and can act independently. Thus, I’ll leave this matter entirely in your hands.”
Rufus yawned. “I’m tired, so I will head to my room and rest. You two brothers should discuss this thoroughly. West Lucozia’s future relies on the both of you.”
After saying that, he waved his hands and left.
“Austin, change your outfit and head out with me. If everything goes as planned, there should be a blood bath tonight.
“We need to get prepared for it in advance.” After informing the others, Dustin left with Austin in their disguises.
Only a few people were worthy of their trust in the entire castle. Dustin had to be careful of the others. After Cinna betrayed him, Dustin was now suspicious of everyone.
It was soon nighttime.
At this moment, Julius was dressed elegantly in a Stonian restaurant located on the outskirts of the castle. He was sipping on coffee, seemingly calm. However, Julius would occasionally scan his surroundings cautiously.
After consuming the Rejuvenatium that Dustin had given, Julius’ injuries recovered by half. However, he felt that there was something else in his body.
However, he didn’t find anything odd after examining it. It was quite weird.
Actually, Julius had been faking his surrender all along. He planned to defect from West Lucozia and become a member of the Dragon Guard after meeting with Reagan.
However, Julius changed his mind after taking Dustin’s pill.
After all, Julius couldn’t risk his life. Julius’ biggest problem right now was how he should poison Reagan and redeem his sins.
Deicide Venom was different from ordinary poisons that could dissolve in water. Instead, it needed to be used through weapons.
Its effective range was ten feet.
If Julius were beyond ten feet away from the enemy, it wouldn’t be that effective. Plus, it was hard to succeed if the enemy was on guard.
Julius and Reagan weren’t friends. They were only partnering for their own interests. Thus, Julius couldn’t win over his trust fully.
Julius had to find a way to make him let down his guard.
Suddenly, the restaurant’s door swung open.
###Chapter 1865 by Marina Vittori
Following that, a group of men in black shirts walked inside calmly. The leader was a middle-aged man dressed in a black, oversized attire and a hat.
The middle-aged man had his head lowered, and his hat was pulled down low. Thus, no one could see his face.
However, he appeared to have a slender figure. After heading inside, the middle-aged man with the hat made a beeline to Julius and sat down opposite him.
The group of people behind him began to scan their surroundings alertly.
“Who are you?” Julius felt a bit confused looking at the middle-aged man before him. Julius had seen Reagan before. He was tall and buff, not slender like the man before him.
“Grand General Rhys, long time no see. “The middle-aged man took off his hat and revealed his appearance.
After looking closely, Julius was stunned. “You’re Cinna?”
“You have a good eye. It’s been ten years since I last saw you. I didn’t expect you to still recognize me.” Cinna smiled.
Compared to his robust figure ten years ago, Cinna had changed completely.
“Wait! Weren’t you already dead? Why are you still alive?” Julius blurted out. In the rebellion at Aylka that year, everyone who represented the monarchy was sacrificed except for Dustin and Dobson.
Cinna was one of the deceased.
Thus, Julius didn’t expect Cinna to be alive after ten years.
“I got lucky and was saved. Thus, I managed to keep my life,” Cinna explained.
“So, you’re also a member of Dragon Guard like Reston?” Julius soon understood what was going on.
“That’s right. We’re all Dragon Guard’s spies who have been hiding in West Lucozia for many years. Now, we can finally reveal ourselves.” Cinna forced a smile.
“I didn’t expect you to keep it so well. You deceived all of us.” Julius narrowed his eyes.
Cinna had kept his identity hidden for ten years and deceived everyone. He was truly scary.
“Grand General Rhys, let’s not talk about the past. We should talk about some serious matters.”
Cinna changed the topic and asked, ” Why did you ask to meet Sir Judd?”
“Now that we’re talking about this, I’m curious. Why are you here instead of Reagan?” Julius tried asking.
“To be honest, Sir Judd is a bit busy. Thus, he can’t come over today. That’s why I came and met you. If there’s anything you need, just let me know. I’ll try my best to help you,” Cinna replied with a smile.
“General Shaffer, I’m not looking down on you. However, I need to talk with Reagan personally about this matter,” Julius said sternly.
Julius was well-prepared, only needing Reagan to appear before him. However, Reagan had stayed hidden in the shadows and arranged a scapegoat to meet Julius instead.
Julius thought that Reagan was extremely cunning.
It was indeed a difficult task to obtain the trust of someone like Reagan.
“Sir Judd is really busy. Please understand.” Cinna shook his head.
“Since Reagan isn’t sincere about this, let’s forget about it and call off the partnership. There’s no need for further communication.” After saying that, Julius stood up and left determinedly.
In such situations, Julius had to retreat to advance. Otherwise, he would lose all initiative if he blindly followed the Dragon Guard.
###Chapter 1866 by Marina Vittori
Seeing that Julius was about to leave, Cinna couldn’t take it anymore. “Wait for a second! Grand General Rhys, we can just talk it out. Why are you being so rash?”
“What else is there to talk about? You don’t even trust me. It’s clear that you’re just disrespecting me!” Julius acted like he was angry.
“Don’t get so worked up. It’s not that Sir Judd doesn’t want to meet you. It’s because he doesn’t have time. If it’s possible, please wait for a moment. I’ll go and ask about his thoughts.” Cinna forced a smile.
“Hurry up if you want to ask. I don’t have that much time to wait.” Julius stood with his hands behind his back arrogantly.
“Of course. Please sit. I’ll go and ask right away.” After consoling Julius, Cinna went to a corner and started calling someone.
Cinna nodded after being on the phone for about two minutes. With his single gesture, his subordinates immediately scattered around to check their surroundings.
After a while, everyone returned without any findings. Cinna and Reagan talked lowly for a while before they hung up the phone.
Then, Cinna forced a smile and walked up to Julius. “Grand General Rhys, I’ve already asked Sir Judd. He’s almost done with his matter.
“However, he still needs some time to wrap it up. If you can wait, we can talk somewhere else.”
“You want to change a place? Where?” Julius raised an eyebrow.
“Naturally, it’s the Dragon Guard’s secret base in West Lucozia.”
Cinna answered with a smile, “To be honest, only the higher-ups in Dragon Guard know about our secret base. Sir Judd is showing you how sincere he is by allowing you there. What do you think?”
Upon hearing that, Julius stroked his chin hesitatingly. Although Julius didn’t know what Reagan was thinking, he was sure that the latter was hard to deal with.
If Julius entered Dragon Guard’s secret base, he couldn’t get away if anything happened.
However, this was the only chance for Julius to meet Reagan. If Julius gave up, it would be difficult for him to explain to the monarchy.
“What is it? Do you have any concerns?
You said that we need to show our sincerity and trust toward you. We’re just doing as you say. Now, it’s time for you to show your sincerity,” Cinna said with a smile.
“Okay, Since we’re going to partner up, I’ll trust your word on this!” Julius agreed in the end after pondering for a while.
He didn’t have a choice right now. Therefore, he could only adapt to the situation and take a risk.
“Grand General Rhys, come with me.” Cinna invited Julius into the car with one hand. With the roar of the engine, the car soon accelerated and disappeared.
About a few hundred feet from the restaurant, two spies were observing Julius’ every move through night vision binoculars.
After seeing Julius being taken away, one of the spies immediately pressed on his earphones. “Your Highness, Julius is being taken away by the members of the Dragon Guard.
“We heard that they’re going to the Dragon Guard’s secret base. Please advise on what to do next.”
“Continue to follow them. Remember not to reveal yourselves.” An answer sounded from their earpiece.
“Of course!” the spies answered before making a move.
At this moment, Dustin and Austin sat silently in a café near the restaurant. While drinking coffee, they waited for an opportunity. 1
All the capable martial artists in the castle were hiding quite a distance away to avoid being found out. Only a few spies were left to observe Julius’ whereabouts, They would make a move once the time was right.
Seeing that Dustin’s expression was off, Austin couldn’t help but ask, ” Dustin, did something happen?”
“Reagan is extremely cunning. He didn’t reveal himself but asked his subordinate to come on his behalf. If Julius wants to meet Reagan, he needs to go to the Dragon Guard’s secret base.
Dustin had secretly instilled a listening device and tracking device in Julius. Thus, he had heard all of Julius’ conversation with Cinna.
“Isn’t this a good thing? As long as we find Dragon Guard’s secret base, we can capture all of them!” Austin replied excitedly.
However, Dustin shook his head. “It’s not that simple. Reagan is a very meticulous person. He must be confident if he invited Julius to his base.
“If we make a move without planning it out, we might end up losing more than we gain.”
Since it was a secret base, it was heavily guarded. Apart from the fact that Dragon Guard had many skilled martial artists, the secret weapons, traps, and various defensive measures alone would make it difficult to breach.
With their current manpower, taking down the Dragon Guard’s secret base would be challenging without the Black Dragon Army.
It would be even more impossible to eliminate the remnants of Dragon Guard completely. Moreover, the enemy would easily be alerted if they mobilized the Black Dragon Army.
Thus, this was both an opportunity and a significant challenge before Dustin.
“Dustin, what should we do now? Should we mobilize the Black Dragon Army?” Austin asked.
“Dragon’s Guard spies are located in all of West Lucozia. They’ll know if we mobilize our troops and will probably escape before the Black Dragon Army arrives.” Dustin shook his head.
“Since it’s impossible to attack head- on, we can only prepare an ambush. If we use training as an excuse to deploy forces secretly, it shouldn’t be a problem as long as we don’t leak any information,” Austin suggested.
“Okay. Let’s do as you say. Organize an elite team first and wait for an opportunity.” Dustin nodded.
It was impossible if they wanted to openly mobilize their troops. Thus, they could only secretly gather their troops and wait for a chance to capture all of the Dragon Guard’s remnants.
“I’ll do it right away,” Austin answered before leaving.
“Uncle Julius, it’s all up to you if we can succeed today. Please don’t let us down. “Dustin looked outside the window while holding a cup.
The weather tonight was suitable for an ambush. It depended on Julius whether they could succeed today.
As long as Reagan was affected by Deicide Venom, they had a chance to get rid of him. The remnants of Dragon Guard would no longer be a threat once he was dead.
###Chapter 1867 by Marina Vittori
At this moment, Cinna took out a black cloth inside the moving SUV. Then, he handed it over to Julius with a smile. ” Grand General Rhys, it’ll be a long journey. Please close your eyes and rest.
“What? What do you mean?” Julius furrowed his eyebrows.
“This is our rules. Any outsides that come to our base must be blindfolded just in case,” Cinna explained.
“What? Do you not trust me?” Julius pretended to be discontented.
“Don’t misunderstand. Everyone will be treated the same way. Please understand.” Cinna did not back down.
“Alright. Go ahead. I just happened to be tired, so I’m going to lie down and rest.” Julius didn’t want to waste any time.
Thus, he closed his eyes, shifted comfortably, and lay in the car.
“Thank you for your cooperation.” Cinna smiled and blindfolded him.
Time was slowly going by.
The car initially traveled smoothly. However, the road became winding almost an hour later. The car’s rockiness could cause a person to feel sleepy.
“General Shaffer, are we out of the city? “Julius suddenly asked. Cinna didn’t plan to hide. “That’s right. The base is outside the city for our safety. Although it’s a far journey, it’s quite hidden.”
“I didn’t expect Dragon Guard to be so cautious,” Julius commented.
“It doesn’t hurt to be more careful. Please hold on for a little longer. We’ll be here soon,” Cinna replied with a smile. The car continued its journey as the duo chatted.
Around half an hour later, the car finally stopped.
Cinna finally untied the black cloth on Julius’ face.
When Julius got out of the car, he found himself in a deep mountain. There were towering mountains on all sides that resembled giant beasts. When Julius stood in the valley, Julius felt as tiny as an ant.
“That’s…” Julius’ gaze swept into the distance and was quickly drawn by the scene ahead.
A hundred feet away from him, there was a wall several feet high. The wall was made from reinforced concrete, causing it to be tall and thick. Even artillery wouldn’t be able to penetrate it.
On top of the wall, there were dozens of watchtowers and rows of modernized firearms. Everything, such as cannons, anti-aircraft guns, and heavy machine guns, was present.
Its defense was so tight that it resembled a war fortress. As the wall was situated in the middle of the valley, it was strategically positioned. Even a massive army wouldn’t be able to conquer it. At this moment, Julius finally understood how powerful the Dragon Guard was.
Dragon Guard had built such a war fortress at the border of West Lucozia with many heavy weapons. Plus, nobody had even found out about it after so many years. It was truly a scary sight.
If Julius hadn’t seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn’t have believed that Dragon Guard had established such deep roots in West Lucozia.
“Grand General Rhys, please come with me,” Cinna called out before leading Julius forward. Upon reaching the wall and declaring their identities, the thick door slowly opened.
After taking a closer look, Julius found the tunnel behind the door about 30 feet long. In other words, the foundation wall’s thickness was about 30 feet wide.
Even missiles might not be able to penetrate it, not to mention artillery shells.
###Chapter 1868 by Marina Vittori
The level of defense in the Dragon Guard’s base was indeed formidable. After passing through the wall, it was a different scene before Julius.
From its size, the base behind the wall could be considered a town. There were all kinds of buildings, such as barracks, training grounds, labs, armories, bunkers, and military airports.
There were also many facilities for the civilians there.
After scanning around, Julius predicted that the military base could accommodate at least 50 to 100 thousand people based on the size of the buildings.
Counting out the logistical personnel, this was still an extremely powerful army! With so many weapons and troops, it could take down a city in no time.
Despite having experienced many ups and downs, Julius couldn’t help but secretly be alarmed at that moment.
The Dragon Guard had kept it too well. Without revealing any signs, they had accumulated a substantial military force.
Plus, even West Lucozia’s spies didn’t notice anything.
Suddenly, Julius was a bit regretful of his choice. He wondered if he could escape in one piece if he poisoned Reagan in this base.
It was practically impossible.
“Grand General Rhys, please come with me.” Cinna’s voice interrupted Julius’ thoughts.
Then, Cinna led him to the command room located in the middle of the military base. There were very few knew that a military bunker was built deep beneath the command room.
At this moment, Reagan was silently sitting in the command room while wearing a mask. The old version of Titanic was playing on the television before him.
Meanwhile, Reagan’s eyes were glued to the screen.
At this moment, someone knocked on the door.
“Come in,” Reagan answered casually. The door to the command room was opened. Then, Cinna and Julius walked inside one after another.
“Grand General Rhys, we meet again. Come and sit.” Reagan stood up and shook hands with Julius warmly.
“Sir Judd, your base is truly well- hidden. Despite being West Lucozia’s Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry, I’ve never noticed it for so many years.” Julius sighed.
Reagan smiled and answered, “You’re too kind. They’re all left behind by the previous descendants. I’m only taking it over. Right. Why did you want to meet me so anxiously?”
“To be honest, I’m here to ask for help. Today should have been the day that I ascended to the throne. However, I didn’t expect such a big change to happen.
“Now, all my efforts have been in vain. As I’m at wits’ end, I can only come to you for help,” Julius said with a sigh.
“What? What exactly happened?” Reagan looked confused.
“Rufus didn’t die. He’s still alive and well!” Julius replied lowly.
“What? He didn’t die? How is that possible? My subordinate gave him an attack that should have taken his life. There’s no way he’s still alive.” Reagan’s voice was filled with shock.
“I saw it with my own eyes. There’s no way it’s fake. Rufus is a cunning man. After the assassination attempt this time, he deceived all of us by pretending to be dead.
“This caused our plan to fail and all of our efforts to turn futile,” Julius explained seriously.
###Chapter 1869 by Marina Vittori
“He faked his death? Is that even possible?” Reagan raised an eyebrow.
“I wouldn’t have believed it either if I didn’t see it myself.”
Julius shook his head and sighed. “All in all, we’re still lacking compared to Rufus. That’s why he managed to fool us.
“Now that my subordinates are all under his control, it’s impossible to turn the tables. Thus, I came to you for help.”
After thinking for a moment, Reagan replied, “Give me some time to think it through. You’re saying that our mission failed and that Rufus didn’t die.
“Plus, all your troops have been captured, leaving you with no way out.”
“You’re correct. That’s about what happened.” Julius nodded.
“Honestly, I’m a bit curious. If the mission failed and all your men were captured, how did you manage to get away?” Reagan asked.
“To be honest, I pretended to surrender just to get away,” Julius replied.
“Pretended to surrender? What do you mean?” Reagan’s curiosity was piqued.
“I hope you won’t mind if I say this.”
After reorganizing his thoughts, Julius continued, “I pretended to defect to Rufus and the others, lying that I could help them capture you.
“As they were desperate to apprehend you, they released me to lure you.”
Reagan smiled indifferently. “Oh. Is that so? It turns out that your meeting with me was a trap. Did Rufus set this up?”
“That was the plan at first. However, I knew that aligning with Dragon Guard was the best choice now that West Lucozian monarchy was doomed.
“Thus, I took the opportunity to fool them without revealing any crucial information,” Julius promised.
“So that’s what happened.” Reagan nodded before continuing, “However, Rufus is extremely cunning. Will he really believe you?”
“He naturally didn’t believe me. That’s why he poisoned me as a threat. If I didn’t do as he said, I’d probably die within three days.” Julius sighed.
“He poisoned you? I’m quite skilled in medicine. Can you let me take a look?” Reagan stretched out his hand and said.
“Sure.” Julius didn’t hesitate to put his hand on the table. Reagan checked Julius’ pulse with his finger. After a few seconds, the former nodded. “Your body does seem a bit weird.
“It seems like you’ve been poisoned by parasitic poison. Moreover, the person who poisoned you is very skilled; ordinary people cannot undo this.”
Julius’ eyelids twitched. “Parasitic poison? Sir Judd, do you know how to get rid of it?”
If Reagan knew how to neutralize the poison, Julius had nothing to worry about.
“I could neutralize normal poison without a problem. However, I don’t specialize in this kind of parasitic poison.
“Even if I forcefully use my cultivation to treat it, the success rate is only about 30 percent,” Reagan said honestly.
“What should I do? Am I dead meat?” Julius was dreadful.
“No need to worry. I’ll definitely find a way to cure you. We’re allies, after all.”
Reagan smiled and added, “The Mystic Arts Order is the most knowledgeable in parasitic poison. I can arrange for someone to contact the Mystic Arts Order.
“We’ll let a skilled person cure you. The price doesn’t matter.”
“That’s great! Thank you!” Julius was ecstatic as he quickly thanked him.
“You’re too formal. We’re already acquaintances. Now that we’re also on the same side, how could I possibly stand by without trying to help?”
Reagan gestured to Cinna and ordered, “Cinna, send a capable subordinate to the Mystic Arts Order. No matter what price we have to pay, make sure to bring back an expert in antidotes!”
“Yes, sir!” Cinna answered before leaving.
“Grand General Rhys, you should stay here and rest. I’ll definitely get rid of your poison within three days,” Reagan promised.
“Thank you, Mr. Judd.” Julius smiled.
“Report!”
###Chapter 1870 by Marina Vittori
At that moment, a Dragon Guard’s spy suddenly walked over.
“What’s the matter?” Reagan asked indifferently.
“Sir Judd, we found two spies that should be from West Lucozia outside. May I know how we should take care of them?” the Dragon Guard spy asked.
“Spy?” Reagan raised an eyebrow. After shooting a meaningful look at Julius, Reagan replied, “Bring them over. I want to question them!”
“Yes, sir!” The Dragon Guard spy nodded before gesturing to those standing outside.
Soon, two tied-up men in black clothes were brought over.
Just as the adhesive tapes were ripped off from their mouths, one of them started to yell, “You traitor! How dare you betray us! I hope that you’ll die miserably!”
“Slap him,” Reagan spoke calmly.
“Yes, sir!” The dragon guard spy walked over and slapped the man in black on both cheeks.
The blows caused blood to spill from the man’s mouth and nose. He was left dizzy and missing several teeth before the beating ceased.
“I’ll ask, and you guys answer. If you dare to hide anything, you’re doomed.”
Looking down at them, Reagan continued, “Are you guys from West Lucozia?”
The battered-up man in black spat blood onto Reagan. Then, he screamed, “Kill me if you can! Don’t even think that you can get anything out of me. Dream on!”
“Okay. I’ll spare you the trouble.” Without another word, Reagan smashed the head of the man in black into a pulp.
Even Julius couldn’t help but feel shocked by such a ruthless move.
“It’s your turn. Are you going to talk?” Reagan turned to look at the other man in black.
“I don’t know anything. I’m just someone picking herbs on the mountain. I was just passing by when I got caught,” the other man in black answered.
Reagan replied expressionlessly, ”
You’re still going to lie at this point? I can do you a favor and kill you quickly and painlessly. Otherwise, I have a lot of inhuman methods I can torture you with.”
“Sir, I really don’t know anything! You got the wrong person!” The man in black was desperate.
Reagan sneered, “So you want to do it this way? Take him away and torture him until he reveals everything!”
“Of course!” The spy from Dragon Guard answered.
Just as he was about to drag him away, the man in black started to convulse and foam at the mouth. In less than five seconds, he dropped to the floor and died.
Reagan was not surprised. He raised an eyebrow and said indifferently, “It looks like he poisoned himself to death. Leave his body to the wolves.”
The Dragon Guard’s spy nodded, immediately ordering his subordinates to drag the corpse away. In the meantime, he also cleaned up the mess.
“Grand General Rhys, these two spies seemed to be tailing you. How do you explain this?” Reagan suddenly turned to look at Julius with an unreadable expression.
###Chapter 1871 by Marina Vittori
“Sir Judd, it’s true that they’re spies. However, I truly don’t know anything about this.
“I’ve told you everything that happened these two days. May lightning strike me if I hid anything from you,” Julius promised.
Reagan chuckled at his response.
“Don’t be so anxious. I’m just joking.” Reagan patted his shoulder and smiled.
“Of course, I believe you. The two spies should be under Rufus. He had them secretly follow you as he feared you would run away.”
“Rufus is a cunning man that could do anything. It’s normal for him to have such a plan. It’s fortunate that you arranged everything properly and managed to find out the spy in time.
“Otherwise, the location of the base would have been revealed,” Julius said in relief.
“We still don’t know how much information did they get. However, West Lucozian monarchy should have already gotten the base’s location,” Reagan replied calmly.
“They already know? What should we do? Should we retreat?” Julius raised his eyebrow. With a smile, Reagan replied, “Retreat? There’s no need to be frantic. Although the monarchy already knows where our base is, they don’t know how many troops and weapons we have.
“To be honest, with our base’s defense system, even the West Lucozia’s strongest Black Dragon Army would require over a hundred thousand troops to break through.
“There’s a problem, though. There’s no way I wouldn’t be informed if they mobilized that many troops. Thus, Rufus should be the one worrying, not me.
“He isn’t aware of the situation in our base, so he wouldn’t dare to send any troops here. If he sent too few soldiers, he’d be walking right into my trap and incurring unnecessary losses.
“If he mobilized a large army, I would quickly notice it and retreat in time. In other words, Rufus is powerless against me.
“I can choose if I want to fight or retreat. I’ll fight back if I can and escape if I can’t.
“After all, it’s just a base. I can build it back in no time. Grand General Rhys, what do you think Rufus is going to do? “In the end, Reagan shot the question back to Julius.
Julius shook his head helplessly. “Well The location of your base is very strategic. It’s up to you if you want to fight or retreat. If I were Rufus, I would be at a loss on what to do.”
“That’s why you don’t need to worry at all. You just need to stay here. Once we get rid of the poison in your body, we should increase our influence.1
“With your influence in West Lucozia, I’m sure a lot of people will support you, “Reagan replied, smiling.
“That’s true. However, I won’t have any chance if Rufus doesn’t die.” Julius sighed.
“Don’t worry. Rufus won’t live for long. Although he managed to escape this time by faking his death, he has depleted his energy.
“In simpler terms, his body is gradually declining. He only managed to prolong his life by relying on his substantial resources and panacea these years.
“Now that panacea has lost its effect, Rufus will get weaker. If he’s lucky, he can live for another half-year. Or else, he’ll be dead in days.
“This means we can rise again without waiting for too long. By that time, you’ll be the influential king of West Lucozia. The entire world will be under our control!” Reagan uttered like a psychic.
Julius was thrilled when he heard that. ” Fantastic! As long as Rufus dies, I’ll have the chance to make a comeback. I can snatch everything back that I lost!”
“That’s right. Here’s to a successful partnership.” Reagan stretched out his hand.
“A successful partnership!” Julius felt rejuvenated.
“Bring out the wine! Julius and I won’t be returning until we get drunk!”
###Chapter 1872 by Marina Vittori
At Reagan’s order, the subordinates quickly served the alcohol and food. Just like that, Reagan and Julius started to indulge in the food and wine.
At that moment, Dustin and Austin sat in the villager’s house located beyond the mountain ranges. They sipped on coffee as they waited for news.
Ever since Julius had been taken away, they had been secretly following him. At last, they arrived at a place called Bronx Mountain Range. Bronx Mountain Range was vast and boundless, not to mention it was situated at the border.
Half of its territory belonged to West Lucozia, while the other half was under the control of an enemy nation. The two countries remained at peace in recent years. There wasn’t any obvious conflict other than some disputes from the countries’ spies.
Due to Bronx Mountain Range’s unique geographical location, no one would go there except for a few farmers and hunters who relied on the mountains for their livelihoods.
“Dustin, it’s been the entire night. The signal on Julius is lost, while our spies didn’t send back any updates. Could it be that something happened?” Austin seemed solemn.
“Let’s wait a bit more. I don’t think Julius dares to betray us. I’ve given him some parasitic poison. The signal probably got lost as Dragon Guard installed many signal jammers in Bronx Mountain Range.
At that moment, someone knocked on the door. Austin immediately ran and gently opened the wooden door, revealing the castle’s top-grade spy standing outside the door.
“How is it? Did you manage to find out anything?” Austin quickly asked.
“I’ve already been to No.3 and No.4 Spy’s hiding place and found traces of struggle there. It’s most likely that they have been captured,” the top-grade spy answered.
“How could this happen? Did Julius leak this information?” Austin furrowed his eyebrows.
“Julius didn’t know that we arranged spies to follow after him. Even if he managed to guess, he wouldn’t know their exact location either.
“They probably got caught, as Dragon Guard’s spies are more capable than us, “Dustin said thoughtfully.
“Our spy has been caught, and Julius is missing. What should we do, Dustin?” Austin furrowed his eyebrows.
They didn’t have any direction on what to do. They didn’t have any clues, and the Dragon Guard even ambushed their spies.
“Increase manpower to continue searching along where the spies went missing. Remember to be more careful, “Dustin ordered.
“Yes, sir!” the top-grade spy answered before quickly leaving.
“Austin, the ambush might not go smoothly. I have a letter here. Find someone reliable and send it out for me. It must arrive at the receiver!”
Dustin took out a letter and handed it to Austin.
“No problem. I’ll get it done right now! “Austin didn’t dare to delay.
Immediately, he dashed out the door.
“We’re running out of time. I hope we can still make it.” Dustin narrowed his eyes. His face was serious as he fell deep in thought.
###Chapter 1873 by Marina Vittori
It was midnight in West Lucozia castle. Rufus sat on the edge of the bed and coughed violently. His body trembled from how hard he coughed. Blood would dribble on the floor with his every cough.
“Your Highness, the medicine is here!” After hearing Rufus coughing, Eloise quickly rushed into the room with the medicine in hand.
Eloise placed the medicine down and gently patted Rufus’ back. Her eyes were filled with worry and distress.
After Rufus finally stopped coughing, the floor had a pool of blood. His complexion was as pale as a sheet. Plus, there were beads of sweat on his forehead.
“Your Highness, you should quickly drink the medicine.” Eloise picked up the medicine and handed it to him with both hands.
“It’s too bitter. I feel nauseous just smelling it.” Rufus furrowed his eyebrows, seemingly unwilling to drink the medicine.
“It’s good for you. You should drink it,” Eloise advised gently.
“I’m going to die soon, anyway. It doesn’t make a difference if I drink it or not.” Rufus shook his head.
“Stop talking nonsense! You can definitely live until you’re 100 years old! “Eloise said seriously.
“You’re right.” Rufus smiled with resignation. He furrowed his eyebrows, looking at the medicine. In the end, he gritted his teeth and drank all of it.
Rufus was someone who remained calm during the war. However, his face became distorted after drinking the medicine.
He only breathed a sigh of relief after eating a sweet.
“Your Highness, do you feel better?” Eloise took a white towel and gently wiped his sweat.
“I feel much better.” Rufus smiled, trying to console her. Although the medicine was made from precious ingredients, it lost its effectiveness as time passed. Rufus was unsure how long he could hold on.
“Your Highness, you haven’t fully recovered after your previous injury. You should rest earlier,” urged Eloise. However, Rufus shook his head. “I can’t sleep. Oh, right. How is Austin and Dustin doing?”
Eloise sighed. “It’s not going well. Reagan has cunningly never revealed himself. He even changed his meeting place with Julius to the Dragon Guard’s secret base.
“Ever since Julius entered Bronx Mountain Range, his signal completely disappeared. There have been no signs of him at all.”
Rufus narrowed his eyes. “Bronx Mountain Range? That place is right at the border. It looks like the Dragon Guard has kept themself well hidden.”
Eloise said worriedly, “I think Julius might betray us again. If Julius chose to work with Reagon and set up an ambush for Austin and Dustin, they’d be in danger.”
“There’s no need to worry too much.”
###Chapter 1874 by Marina Vittori
Rufus smiled indifferently. “We poisoned Julius. If he wants to live, he needs to listen to us.”
“What if he has a way to treat the poison?” Eloise asked. Rufus shook his head and smiled. “It doesn’t matter if he can neutralize the poison. Julius is a smart person. He knows that working with Reagan is like partnering with a lion.
“Julius could act confidently before as he had some influence. However, he has absolutely nothing now. He’s not on equal footing with Reagan at all. Once Julius loses his value, Reagan will not spare him.
“We’re different, though. Julius is from the Rhys family and is a blood relative to me. I can still spare his life even if he betrayed us.
“If he performs well and manages to redeem himself through his mission, we can offer him a life of prosperity. What do you think he would choose?”
“Your Highness, you’re right. However, it’s difficult to tell what he is thinking. What if Julius refuses the opportunity and insists on going down the wrong path? What should we do?” Eloise asked.
“If that’s the case, Julius is just seeking for death,” Rufus replied indifferently.
“I don’t care if Julius dies or not. But Austin…” Eloise was hesitant to continue.
“Don’t overthink. They’re no longer kids. They long have the ability to handle things by themselves. Exterminating Dragon Guard can be considered a test for them this time.
“If they can successfully complete it, I can entrust West Lucozia to them with confidence.” Rufus smiled.
His two sons were not ordinary individuals. Although they were young, they were way more capable than him when he was their age. They would surely become outstanding figures with some training.
“Don’t look so solemn. I’ve already called Albert over. If anything happens, he will make sure they’re safe,” Rufus consoled.
“So you’ve already prepared in advance.
“Eloise let out a sigh of relief.
“They’re my sons. There’s no way I wouldn’t be concerned about them. However, I hope they can take on more responsibility.
“That’s why Albert wouldn’t help them unless it’s a life-and-death situation. It’s all up to them whether they succeed,” Rufus said.
“What a good strategy. It seems like I’ve been worrying too much.” Eloise nodded. Eloise didn’t care if they could exterminate Dragon Guard. She only wished for her son’s safety. That was all she hoped for.
In a villager’s house located at Bronx Mountain Range, Dustin sat and closed his eyes. He was patiently waiting for the outcome of the investigation.
After a long time, the door suddenly swung open.
Austin and the top grade spy rushed inside.
After Austin came inside, he sat down and took out a map. Then, he started to explain. “Our spies did a comprehensive research along this region. Finally, we discovered something unusual in a quite dangerous location. Here!”
Austin pointed to the middle of the map with his index finger. Then, he continued, “This is a massive valley with entrances at both ends.
“The entrance at the front is in our territory, while the back entrance is at the border of our enemy nation. This valley spans two countries.
“Of course, this isn’t the main point. The most important part is that our spies found a tall and thick wall at the entrance of the valley.
“There were also many firearms on top of it. It’s similar to a fortress in times of war from it looks. If I’m not mistaken, this should be the secret base of Dragon Guard.
“However, due to the number of Dragon Guard spies around it, our spies didn’t dare to get close. They hurried back to report to us after confirming its location.”
After hearing that, Dustin nodded.” Good job. We finally found where their base is.”
“Although we found where their base is, its location makes it easy for them to defend and hard for us to attack. It’s going to be challenging to capture all of them.
“Most importantly, we don’t know what it’s like behind the wall. How many troops does Dragon Guard have? If we recklessly attack, we might face heavy losses!” Austin explained seriously.
###Chapter 1875 by Marina Vittori
Dustin smiled and replied, “Austin, it seems like you’ve learned a lot in the army these past few years.
“You’re right. We can’t barge into the base so recklessly. At least, we need to find out what’s inside.
“The castle’s spies can’t continue any further. There are way too many capable people in Dragon Guard. Thus, I decided to go investigate by myself.”
Austin was a bit worried. “Isn’t this too dangerous? You need to remember that you’re the future king of West Lucozia.
“Let me go instead. I’m also a grandmaster martial artist. I can get away in time even if I encounter a dangerous situation.”
Dustin rejected, “No way! Although you’re capable, you can’t confront those top martial artists in Dragon Guard on your own. If Reagan finds you, you won’t even have the chance to run away.”
“But-” Just as Austin was about to say something else, he was cut off by Dustin raising his hand.
“No ‘buts.’ I’m the one in command for this mission. Thus, I order you to stay here and wait for my update.”
After saying that, Dustin was out the door with the top-grade spy. Although Austin was worried, there was nothing he could do.
Austin knew that Dustin was the only one who could sneak inside the Dragon Guard’s base. Thus, he could only hope that Dustin could proceed smoothly.
Under the spy’s lead, Dustin moved swiftly. After traversing mountains and hills, they quickly reached the Dragon Guard’s base.
Just as Austin said, there was a huge wall at the front of the base. The wall stood in front of the valley like an insurmountable barrier.
After taking a closer look, Dustin found that there were many Dragon Guard spies lurking around. If it were an ordinary martial artist, they would have been noticed before even nearing the wall.
“Hide yourself, and don’t get yourself caught. I’ll go in by myself,” Dustin whispered to the spy. With a light step, he transformed into an indiscernible black shadow and jumped onto treetops.
The surrounding tall trees provided a good spot for Dustin to hide and obstruct one’s line of sight.
Although Dragon Guard had placed many spies around the area, Dustin could effortlessly evade their surveillance with his cultivation level.
Dustin’s figure moved silently in the silent night. He glided over the tops of the trees like a ghost. He was so fast that it was almost like he was imperceptible.
Others might find it difficult to spot him during the day, not to mention at night. At that moment, a Dragon Guard spy dressed in night attire was about 650 feet away from the wall. He was silently sitting on a rock, observing his surroundings.
The spy seamlessly blended with his surroundings. If he didn’t move, they might not even notice him even if they looked closely.
At that moment, the spy felt a cold wind brushing past his head. When the spy looked up to see, he didn’t manage to find anything. The sky was quiet, without even a single bird flying across.
“Number three, did you find anything unusual?” the spy whispered while placing his finger near the earpiece.
There was another spy situated about 300 feet away. They were in a pincer formation. That way, they could provide mutual support and observe their surroundings without having any blind spots.
“It’s calm and peaceful here. No anomalies detected.” An answer sounded from the earpiece.
“I might be overthinking. Never mind. Let’s stay focused.” The spy didn’t say anything more. He started to scan his surroundings again, not wanting to miss any movement.
Unbeknownst to him, Dustin had already flown across his head. After avoiding all the spies, he climbed along the wall and crossed over it. Then, he entered Dragon Guard’s secret base.
When Dustin saw the scale of the base, he couldn’t help but feel shocked. He didn’t expect to find such a large military facility in such a desolate place, not to mention it was equipped with comprehensive facilities.
There were tanks, airplanes, cannons, and various types of heavy and light weapons. Moreover, there were at least 50 thousand troops in the base based on the size of its buildings.
With such an abundance of heavy weaponry and elite soldiers, the base could be described as impregnable!
If Dustin had attacked hastily, the West Lucozian monarchy would have suffered heavy losses.
“Thankfully, I came to see it for myself. Otherwise, we would be facing significant losses.” Dustin furrowed his
eyebrows.
Nobody would have expected such a powerful force to be hidden in a remote place. It was no wonder Dragon Guard dared to assassinate Rufus so brazenly. They had solid backing, after all.
With such a powerful fortress, they were fearless of their enemies. Most importantly, the place was strategically defensible and easily guarded.
If something happened, Reagan could escape overseas to avoid any trouble.
“With how tight the defense is here, we need at least 100 thousand soldiers from Black Dragon Army to win.
“The problem is that Dragon Guard will definitely get wind of us mobilizing so many soldiers. All of our efforts will be in vain if we let the cat out of the bag. What should we do?”
Dustin furrowed his eyebrows as he fell deep in thought.
It was too difficult to just attack without a strategy. Plus, it would incur significant costs.
If they wanted to defeat Dragon Guard with minimum cost and the quickest way possible, there was only one way – eliminating the head!
Dustin would need to kill Reagan, the head of Dragon Guard. This way, Dragon Guard would be left without a leader.
After that, Dustin would capture all of them.
However, there was a significant drawback to that plan. Dustin must have a capable assassination team, and each member must be a grandmaster martial artist.
Otherwise, it would be difficult to implement this plan. Naturally, the most important point was to get rid of Reagan.
As the fifth most formidable martial artist in Astonishing World List, Reagan’s skills were unquestionable. If Dustin failed to kill Reagan first, his plan would definitely fail.
In the end, it all depended on Julius if he could successfully poison Reagan.
“Right. Julius!” Dustin raised an eyebrow. Immediately, he started searching inside the base. The signal on Julius had been disconnected. Thus, there was a high chance he was hidden in the base.
Dustin needed to check if Julius would do as planned.
In other words, he wanted to see if Julius would betray the West Lucozia monarchy.
In the pitch-black night, Dustin’s figure moved erratically like a phantom.
Wherever Dustin went, nobody noticed him. Just like that, he successfully avoided patrol teams and all prying eyes.
“Who’s there?” Just as he passed by an armory, a soldier seemed to sense him. Suddenly, the soldier became alert and drew the blade at his waist.
###Chapter 1876 by Marina Vittori
“What happened? Why did you freak out?”
The soldier’s other companion was completely bewildered. He had no clue what was going on at all.
“I seemed to have heard something just now. Perhaps someone managed to get in!” The soldier scanned his surroundings alertly, trying to get some clue.
“I’m sure you heard it wrongly. Our base has such tight security, with multiple checkpoints and both hidden and patrolling guards.
“There’s no way someone can sneak inside. Don’t joke around.” The soldier’s companion dismissed his idea. The security was tight outside the wall. There was also a 24-hour patrol inside the base.
A fly probably wouldn’t be able to enter, not to mention a person. Besides, it was located in the middle of nowhere. Only Dragon Guard members were able to find their way here.
“It’s better to be safe than sorry. I’ll go look around. You should stay alert.”
The soldier didn’t let his guard down. Instead, he began to circle the armory and carefully inspect it. However, he didn’t manage to find anything after searching around.
“That’s weird. Could it be that I misheard it?” the soldier mumbled.
The soldier finally returned to his station after another fruitless inspection. Meanwhile, Dustin stood on top of the rooftop and watched his movements.
“Dragon Guard does indeed have a lot of capable martial artists. A mere soldier like him has such a keen perception. It looks like I have to be careful.” Dustin’s figure disappeared from the rooftop.
He transformed into a gust of wind and floated around. Suddenly, Parasite’s Mother twitched when Dustin arrived at a certain spot. It seemed to have sensed something.
Dustin had added something special to Rejuvenatium he gave to Julius, which was Parasite Mother’s egg. After the eggs entered the human body, it would quickly hatch and reside in an unnoticeable location.
In the end, it would establish a connection with Parasite Mother.
In simple terms, the child and mother were linked.
If Dustin wanted to kill Julius, he only needed to crush Parasite Mother. This way, the myriad of insects would go berserk inside Julius’ body and devour his internal organs.
Other than that, Parasite Mother and the insects would have a special connection. Once they were within less than 1000 feet distance from each other, they could contact each other.
Thus, Parasite Mother had twitched because it had sensed the other insects’ presence.
“So he’s here .” Under Parasite Mother’s perception, Dustin quickly identified the correct direction and eventually arrived at a villa.
Although it was a military base, there were also corresponding living areas and entertainment facilities.
Julius was living in a villa with a courtyard. This was usually a privilege only meant for the Dragon Guard’s higher-ups.
Meanwhile, Julius reclined on the sofa in the villa’s living room. He was enjoying a foot massage from a beautiful maid, seemingly relishing it.
Plus, there were sliced-up fruits and exquisite pastries on the table.
“Grand General Rhys, how do you find the massage?” the beautiful maid asked affectionately.
“Not bad.” Julius smiled in satisfaction.
“Actually, I’m also good at other services other than foot massage.” The beautiful maid winked provocatively. “Oh, really?”
###Chapter 1877 by Marina Vittori
Julius slowly opened his eyes. Just as he was about to say something, he saw something in the corner of his eyes. Someone was standing outside the window.
That person was Dustin!
“What the heck!” Julius was so startled that he shuddered. Julius never expected that Dustin would be able to find the Dragon Guard’s secret base.
“Grand General Rhys, what happened? Was I too hard?” The beautiful maid was a bit scared.
“It’s nothing. I’m a bit tired, so I would like to rest. You may leave.”
Julius soon calmed down. Then, he gestured for the beautiful maid to leave.
“Yes, sir.” The beautiful maid didn’t dare to reject, immediately leaving. After she left, Dustin swiftly entered the room and sat in front of Julius.
“Dustin, why are you here?” Julius was shocked.1
Dustin smiled calmly. “I was scared as you didn’t have any updates. Thus, I got here after searching around. However, it seems like you’re having a good time. Someone was even giving you a massage.”
Julius replied calmly, “It’s all Reagan’s arrangement. I suppose he wants to lure me to stay here by doing so.
“However, I’ve seen plenty of such methods in my life. Naturally, I wouldn’t pay them much heed. I’m just playing along.”
Dustin looked at him meaningfully. “Is that so? So you’ve already seen Reagan. If that’s the case, how’s the progress on the poisoning?”
Julius felt a bit helpless. “Dustin, poisoning is one thing. However, I can’t lose my life over it, right?
“Look at how tight the security is and how many martial artists are guarding the place. Even if I got lucky and killed Reagan, I’ll be dead meat.”
“Do you have other plans, then?” Dustin tried asking. Julius did indeed make sense. With how strict the security was, it would be hard to escape if they were surrounded.
“I can’t say it’s a plan. However, we have a chance to make a move tomorrow. I heard that Reagan would leave the base and head to Celestria. He’ll also bring me along.
“When that comes, I’ll inform you in advance. You guys should set up an ambush halfway through his journey and catch him off guard!”
“That seems like an opportunity.” Dustin nodded thoughtfully.
“You should bring more men tomorrow just to make sure. We can’t let Reagan get away,” Julius reminded.
“I will make the necessary arrangements. However, it mostly depends on you if we can succeed. Reagan is way too powerful. If he wants to escape, probably no one can stop him.
“Of course, it’s a different story if he was poisoned with Deicide Venom.”
“Don’t worry. As long as your ambush goes successfully, I’ll seize the opportunity and deliver a fatal blow to Reagan!” Julius promised.
“Okay! I’ll wait for your good news tomorrow. It’s now or never to exterminate Dragon Guard!” Dustin said seriously.
“You should head back. You can’t stay here for long. It’s dangerous here. If you get caught, even I can’t save you,” Julius replied.
“Thank you. Once we succeed, I’ll give another Rejuvenatium to you.”
After smiling meaningfully, Dustin left without a trace.
His final words held a ting of warning. Dustin didn’t fully trust Julius. There was a chance Julius would betray him if Dustin didn’t have something to threaten him.
Now that Parasite Mother and its children were linked, Julius would face a gruesome death if he were to betray Dustin.
###Chapter 1878 by Marina Vittori
Dustin left the Dragon Guard base immediately after talking to Julius for a while. It wasn’t a place that he should stick around.
He only took the risk to verify some information. It was a good thing that he entered and left quietly.
However, after Dustin had left for a while, Julius picked up the phone on the table and called the control room. Five minutes later, Reagan walked into the villa with a few of his trusted subordinates.
“Grand General Rhys, I heard that you wanted to see me urgently,” Reagan spoke first.
“Sir Judd, someone from the West Lucozian monarchy just snuck into your secret base,” Julius said frankly.
“Oh, is that so?” Reagan was a little surprised as he looked around and said, “Grand General Rhys, are you sure?”
“Of course, he was just standing in front of me.” Julius looked serious.
“Who is it then? Why did this person come to see you?” Reagan pursued the matter further.
“That person was the Crown Prince of West Lucozia, Dustin Rhys!” Julius answered honestly and continued, “He snuck in to rope me in his plan to annihilate you.”
“Dustin Rhys?” Reagan nodded. “If it were him, it’d be only normal if no one realized that he was here.”
As the tenth-best fighter on the Astonishing World List, it’d be hard for others to detect him if he didn’t want people to notice him. Even for Reagan, Dustin would have to be within a hundred yards radius of him for Reagan to detect his presence.
“Sir Judd, Dustin doesn’t know that I have joined forces with the Dragon Guard. As such, he was discussing his plans with me.”
Julius flashed a creepy smile and said, ” I lied to him. I told him that you were leaving the base tomorrow and would be going to West Lucozia.
“I asked him to form a team so he could ambush you halfway. Who knew he actually believed what I said! He said that we’d be working together to attack and kill you.”
“Looks like I’ve become the thorn in the flesh for the West Lucozian monarchy. They can’t wait to get rid of me.” Reagan burst out laughing.
“Sir Judd, why don’t we use this opportunity to kill Dustin Rhys? We can definitely use his plan against him,” Julius said creepily.
“Now that Rufus Rhys already has one foot in the grave, he doesn’t have much time left. Dustin Rhys will be the heir to the throne of West Lucozia.
“If we kill Dustin, there’d be no heir left. When that time comes, it’d be much easier for us to take over West Lucozia!”
“That’s right!” Reagan’s eyes lit up. ” Dustin Rhys was born with special abilities, and his potential is endless. He’s a serious threat to our future. If we can eliminate him, it’d solve a huge worry for us!”
“My thoughts exactly!” Julius smiled.
“Grand General Rhys, very good. You have made a great contribution this time.” Reagan nodded with a smile.
“To be honest, I actually doubted your loyalty before this. You have just proven your immense loyalty to me.
“As such, I’ve decided to officially appoint you to be the elder of the Dragon Guard. From now on, you’ll enjoy only the best benefits of the Dragon Guard!”
“Thank you, Sir Judd!” Julius was overjoyed.
“Grand General Rhys, you’ll have full command of the operation tomorrow. You can use anyone in the Dragon Guard.
“I only ask of you is that you must kill Dustin Rhys at all cost!” A killer intent flashed across Reagan’s eyes.
“Don’t worry, Sir Judd! I’ll make sure that we accomplish our mission!” Julius spoke with confidence.
“Good! I want Rufus Rhys to be heirless by tomorrow!” Reagan laughed loudly.
In Oakvale, he had sent Cinna Shaffer to kill Dustin. He had no idea that someone else would save Dustin. Now that he was given this opportunity, he’d do anything to make sure that Dustin had no escape.
The next morning, Dustin, Austin and a team of good fighters hid themselves on both sides of a deserted route at the edge of the Bronx Mountain Range.
It was a narrow and dangerous place.
Mountain peaks flanked two sides of the road. In the middle of the mountain range was an unpaved dirt road. Rocks piled up on both sides of the unpaved dirt road. It was the best place for an ambush.
“Dustin, can we really trust Uncle Julius? Will Reagan Judd really come this way?” Austin looked around suspiciously. This dirt road was overgrown with wild plants, and it was obvious that not many had passed here.
“I have put a curse on Julius Rhys. If he wants to live, he won’t betray us. If not, he’ll die before us.” Dustin replied.
“I still find him quite unreliable.” Austin remained doubtful.
“Don’t worry. I have already sent out informers around this area. We’d be the first to know if there’s any movement.” Dustin comforted him.
“That’s good.” Austin nodded.
“Oh, and the thing I asked you to do… How is it?” Dustin asked suddenly.
“I’ve already sent out the letter. The person you invited is on their way here. “Austin replied.
“This person is part of my later plans.
If our ambush is successful today, we can ride on its wave and annihilate the Dragon Guard all at once!” Dustin said with narrowed eyes.
“Fuck! We can finally get our revenge after such a long time!” Austin licked his lips, and a killer glint flashed across his eyes. The Dragon Guard had long been the West Lucozian monarchy’s thorn in the flesh.
It didn’t matter if it was the revolution in Aylka a decade ago or the assassination attempt on his father a few days ago; the Dragon Guard was behind everything.
Now that they finally had a chance to destroy the Dragon Guard, he was ready for action.
It must be made known that they had gathered almost all of the good fighters from the castle. They even took a few of the elite fighters from the Black Dragon Army to form a team. As long as Reagan was surrounded, he’d never be able to escape.
“Your Highness, the informer had just informed us that someone is coming in from the east three miles away.”
When everyone was waiting in silence, one of his trusted subordinates suddenly rushed next to Dustin and spoke to him in a low voice.
“Inform everyone to keep their cover and don’t make any sudden movement, “Dustin replied quietly as well.
“Yes, understood!” The subordinate answered and informed everyone on the team of Dustin’s orders immediately.
Every member of the ambush team hid themselves, and some even held their breaths. After a long while, a procession of horses was visible at the entrance to the dirt road. It was a group from the Dragon Guard!
###Chapter 1879 by Marina Vittori
“The target is in sight. Get ready!” Austin was on high alert when he saw the group of Dragon Guard members. He even withdrew his sword a little from its scabbard.
“Calm down. Give them another minute. We have to wait till they get into the area surrounded by us.” Dustin reached out and patted Austin’s shoulders lightly.
He had cast two spells a few hundred yards before their hiding spot. As soon as the group of Dragon Guard members walked into the area, they’d be trapped.
The first spell was the Disorientation Spell, and it covered the widest area. This spell had a dumbfounding and dizzying effect.
The second spell was the Octennial Array. This spell had two sides to it. The first side could be used to attack the opponent, whereas the flip side could defend. It could attack and defend simultaneously, making it a very adaptable spell.
Dustin had chosen to use this spell to attack. He had arranged for eight very skilled fighters to be situated in every direction of this octagonal formation.
Under this spell, these eight fighters would become infinite illusory images. The shadows would attack anyone who came into the area of this spell.
If they couldn’t find the source of the spell and break it, they’d be trapped inside it. They’d be attacked continuously until one of them died.
In addition to these two spells, Dustin had ordered his subordinates to bury a huge amount of explosives in a nearby area.
Even if the Dragon Guard members could break his spells, they wouldn’t be able to protect themselves from an explosion. With this setup, the Dragon Guard members would have suffered a huge loss before fighting them head-on.
“They have already entered the spell area. Activate the spell now!” Dustin quickly gave out an order when the time was right.
“Activate the spell!” Austin shouted, and the monarchy’s elite fighters started getting into positions.
When the Disorientation Spell was activated, white fog rapidly rose from the ground. The white fog had already enveloped a few hundred yards of radial area within minutes, and it continued to expand rapidly.
“What’s this? Why is it suddenly foggy?
“Fog is a very common phenomenon in the mountainous areas, especially in the morning. There’s nothing to be scared of.”
“No! This fog is weird. Everyone, stay alert!” The Dragon Guard members suddenly became very alert when the fog appeared out of nowhere.
All of them withdrew their weapons and looked around warily. They were on guard against any potential ambush.
However, everything remained still after a while. The only difference was that the fog was getting thicker by the second.
“Guys, do you feel dizzy and tired?” A man in gray clothes asked suddenly.
“Me too! I don’t feel too well.” Another man in black replied.
“Stop talking! This fog is poisonous. We have to get out of here!” The leader, a red-robed elder, shouted and immediately led everyone back to their starting point.
Even though he had no idea what was going on, it was obvious that this white fog was not a natural phenomenon. It was man-made.
The Dragon Guard members moved quickly and ran in the opposite direction for around 15 minutes.
However, they were unable to leave the foggy area. Instead, they were even more tired than before as they inhaled more of the fog while running. They decided to move further away, but the results were the same.
“What’s happening? We have been running around for so long, and why are we still trapped in the fog?”
“Look around, guys. Don’t you think it looks familiar?”
“Not only that! We’ve been running around in the same spot!” They finally realized that something was wrong at that moment.
It didn’t matter how far they ran. Their surroundings remained foggy, and they couldn’t see the sun or the sky. They couldn’t even tell where they were.
One of them made a special mark on the tree as they were running back to their starting point. However, they made it back to the special mark on the tree once again!
###Chapter 1880 by Marina Vittori
The problem was that the group of Dragon Guard members were moving in a straight line. They didn’t make any turns, nor did they move backward.
As such, the only plausible explanation was that they had been trapped. They had been walking around in circles and were unable to leave.
“I know! This is the Disorientation Spell!” The man in gray had a thought and said suddenly.
“It was said that people under this spell would feel dizzy and disorientated at the beginning. As time goes by, their abilities will deteriorate greatly. If they remain under the spell, they will eventually die!”
“Disorientation Spell? I thought that this mystical spell had been lost as time passed. There’s someone who actually knows how to cast this spell!
“It looks like the person behind this is not easy to deal with!” The red-robed elder looked serious.
“Elder Reed, what should we do now?” The man in black asked.
“We have to find a way to break the spell, of course! If not, we’d all die in this trap.” The red-robed elder narrowed his eyes and looked around with a faint white light flashing in his eyes.
As one of the elders of the Dragon Guard, in addition to achieving the status of being a grandmaster martial artist, he also had a special ability, which was his eye technique.
This technique was mainly used to control others. It was like forced hypnosis. The secondary function was supervision, which could be used to look at the minor details of the s in sight.
Whenever this technique was used, he would not miss any single detail or any anomalies in his surroundings.
“Found it!” After observing carefully, the white light in the red-robed elder’s eyes shone brightly as he pointed in a direction and shouted, “That’s our way out! Follow me closely!”
The red-robed elder quickly led the team eastward after shouting. As he ran, the white light in his eyes shone like light bulbs.
The thick white fog seemed to have lost its confusing properties in his eyes. At that moment, Dustin was in an area not affected by the spell with a compass in his hands.
There was a yellow light shining out from the middle of the compass. This yellow light on the compass indicated the area affected by the Disorientation Spell.
In the yellow light were a few dozen dots which served as indicators for the Dragon Guard members. In the beginning, these dots were in the center of the spell, going around in circles. It was obvious that they were trapped.
After a long while, these dots seemed to have found the exit, and they moved toward the exit quickly. The Disorientation Spell had lost its efficiency.
“They saw through the spell already? They are really good at this!” Dustin narrowed his eyes and appeared surprised.
The Disorientation Spell may not have been his killer move, but it could effectively tire out his opponents. The longer they stayed in the spell, the better its effect.
It didn’t matter if someone as good as Reagan Judd was under the spell. If they stayed in the spell for three days and three nights, they’d certainly be killed by this spell as well.
With that said, Dustin didn’t expect all of them to be killed by this spell. It was already good enough that this spell could tire them out. The only problem was that he didn’t expect the Dragon Guard members to break the spell so soon.
“Activate the Octennial Array!”
When he saw that the Dragon Guard members were already running toward the exit, Dustin immediately ordered his subordinates to activate another spell, which was stronger without any hesitation.
The Octennial Array was one of the killer moves he had planned to use. The efficacy of the Octennial Array could be maximized when used together with the Disorientation Spell.
When this spell was activated, no one below the rank of grandmaster would survive. Even a grandmaster would be gravely injured if they were not careful when dealing with this spell.
###Chapter 1881 by Marina Vittori
The Octennial Array was quickly activated under Dustin’s order. A white light shone from each side of the octagonal formation at the edge of the foggy area. The white lights soared skyward, eventually converging high above.
Then, it descended into a vast curtain of light, enveloping the entire foggy area. The light curtain was translucent. When viewed from the outside, it looked like a giant eggshell.
At this moment, within the spell’s area, the Dragon Guard members could feel the ground beneath them rumbling as they ran. The hard ground suddenly became soft, like a mud pool.
Besides that, there seemed to be a strong suction force coming from underground. They felt like they were being sucked into the mud pool with every step they took.
“What’s going on? Why is the ground so soft?” The sudden change threw everyone in the Dragon Guard members off guard.
Even though they were skilled martial artists, they had never been in a situation like this. Regardless of where they stepped, the ground would turn into a mud pool and pull them under. The more they struggled, the stronger the pull became.
To save themselves, they could only turn to their internal energy to resist the strong pulling force.
However, this would tire them out even faster. If they were unable to leave this mud pool before their internal energy was used up, they would be pulled into the mud pool and die of suffocation.
“Elder Reed, could this be due to the Disorientation Spell too?” The man in black asked.
“This is most certainly not due to the Disorientation Spell. It’s another spell, “The red-robed elder frowned and said quietly.
“If my guess is correct, we’re in a spell within a spell. The person who cast the Disorientation Spell added another stronger and more bizarre spell on top of it!”
“A spell within a spell? There’s someone on earth who is proficient in spells like these?” The man in black paled.
It was already very rare to use the Disorientation Spell. For a person to cast another spell on top of it would be a task that was one hundred times more difficult.
He really had no idea who would be behind this.
“Elder Reed! Help me! Save me, please!
“At this moment, a weaker member of the Dragon Guard team could be heard screaming nervously.
The red-robed elder looked in the direction of the screams and saw that the person was already halfway sunk into the mud pool. As he looked, the person continued sinking.
It didn’t matter how much he struggled. It was still useless. At this rate, this person would be buried alive within the next moment.
“Useless!” The red-robed elder frowned and looked very displeased. Nevertheless, he didn’t ignore his cries for help.
He raised his hand and lifted him up without touching him. It was a very strong pull from above as the person was forcefully extracted from the mud pool.
However, after saving him, the rest of the team was being sucked into the mud pool as well, one after another.
“Elder Reed! I’m going under! Save me, please!”
“Elder Reed! Someone’s pulling on my leg!”
“Fuck! There’s someone under there!”
After the first call for help, screams and cries for help rose in all directions. The whole team was a mess.
Due to the Disorientation Spell before, most of them were already quite scared and had been weakened. With a new spell activated, they had no idea how to handle the sudden change.
“Quick! Call for backup!”
“Right away!” The man in black took out a distress signal flare and shot it to the sky.
###Chapter 1882 by Marina Vittori
The red flare left a long, bright trail as it shot skyward. However, the translucent ceiling of the Octennial Array lit up for a while, and the red flare stopped halfway.
The red flare exploded loudly. The fiery explosion was absorbed by the translucent ceiling and left no trails.
The Dragon Guard members could only see a flashing red light before it completely disappeared. Other than the explosion, everything else remained the same.
“We can’t even send a distress signal! It looks like we’re completely trapped in this spell,” The red-robed elder said with a frown. He couldn’t find the spell’s breaking point even with his eye technique in this situation.
That was enough to prove that this spell was more bizarre and advanced than the Disorientation Spell, especially when both spells were used together. They complemented and enhanced each other’s efficiency.
“Oh no! An ambush from the enemy!” Just as the red-robed elder was thinking of ways to break the spell, he heard a shrill scream.
Black shadows started appearing in all directions. These shadows took the form of a human, but they weren’t real. It was as if they were made from the thick fog. They moved in a strange manner, and their movements were elusive.
As soon as these shadows got closer to them, their hands transformed into sharp blades, and they started attacking the Dragon Guard members.
“Kill them!” Before they could coordinate their attack, the Dragon Guard members rushed forward with their knives.
Even though their movements were limited, they could only die trying for now. To their relief, these shadows were not very skilled, as they fought like low- level martial artists. Only a few of them were at the entry-level of becoming a divine martial artist.
The Dragon Guard members consisted mainly of divine masters. They had been through rigorous training, and they worked together seamlessly. They were able to defeat the shadows very quickly.
After destroying all the shadows, they lost only two of their team members, and a handful of them were severely injured.
“Hahaha… I thought they would be better than this! Who knew they were all trash!”
“That’s right! There were many shadows, but they were very weak and couldn’t even take a hit!”
“Looks like this bizarre spell isn’t as scary as we thought it’d be.”
Having destroyed all the shadows, the Dragon Guard members were joyous and celebratory. It was as if they had won a big battle.
However, their laughter soon died down. Before they could take a breather, more shadows attacked them again from every direction.
“Fuck! There’s more? Kill them!”
The Dragon Guard members had no time to think as they rushed forward with their blades to continue the battle. After five minutes, the Dragon Guard members successfully eliminated all the shadows, although they did incur more casualties.
After the second wave, the subsequent waves followed one another closely. A huge amount of shadows started appearing endlessly from all directions.
Regardless of how many of the Dragon Guard members were killed, the shadows continued to appear without stopping.
Every wave of the shadow attack would bring more casualties to the group of Dragon Guard members.
As the old adage went, little strokes fell great oaks. The shadows might have been weak, but even the best fighters couldn’t endure the persistent attacks.
As the battle dragged on, the Dragon Guard members became more and more nervous as despair started sinking in.
If this continued, they’d probably die of exhaustion!
###Chapter 1883 by Marina Vittori
“Damn! What the heck are these things? Why are there so many of them?
“I can’t kill them all! It’s like a relentless wave, one after another.”
“We have to find a way out. If we continue like this, we’ll exhaust ourselves and die here!”
“”The fog is everywhere. I can’t even see which way to go, and these shadows just keep coming. How can we find a way out?”
Chaos engulfed the Dragon Guard members, transitioning from disdain to shock and fear. Ultimately, it descended into despair. The issue wasn’t their incapacity to defeat the shadows but the absence of hope for survival.
With each shadow they vanquished, two more emerged, steadily increasing in numbers. As their comrades fell in each assault, the attrition pushed them closer to total annihilation.
To them, escape seemed impossible.
“Elder Reed, the situation is worsening. What should we do now?” The black- clad man, fending off enemies, sought assistance from the red-robed elder beside him.
The black-clad man had to fend off shadow attacks while navigating the surroundings carefully. A single misstep could leave him mired, restricting movement and making him an easy target for the shadows. After all, most of their fallen companions had succumbed to this trap earlier.
The red-robed elder replied irritably, ” Why are you asking me? Who the heck else should I turn to?”
If it were a simple fog formation, breaking it with his eye technique would have been easy. However, the complexity arose from an additional, more intricate layer of the formation over the fog.
Hence, it made the challenge a hundred times more difficult. Despite pushing his eye technique to its limits, identifying a weakness remained elusive. At that moment, he found himself in a dilemma.
While the shadows didn’t present an immediate threat, being ensnared with no escape plan wasn’t a viable solution.
If all their elite subordinates succumbed, the red-robed elder would be helpless. Despite his power, continuous assaults from the shadows would eventually drain his energy.
Soon, it would lead to his demise.
“Damn it! Who’s playing tricks on us, ambushing Dragon Guard members like this? When I escape, they’ll pay dearly with their blood!” the red-robed elder swore, persistently attacking the shadows.
The black-clad man shouted hysterically, “Show yourselves, you cowards! If you’re brave enough, confront us directly!”
As a Dragon Guard official, he had faced numerous challenges. Still, nothing had prepared him for a situation where he felt utterly powerless.
The prospect of death without ever laying eyes on the enemy was a frustrating agony that he had never experienced before. He added, “Since we’re all going to die, let’s go all out against these guys! Charge!”
Driven by desperation, the black-clad man, in a moment of madness, led his team in a futile charge. Despite their hopes, luck wasn’t on their side, and the impregnable formation proved insurmountable.
Even a grandmaster martial artist would find breaking it an impossible feat. After a futile struggle, each of them was surrounded and killed by the shadows. They eventually disappeared into the ground without a trace of their bodies remaining.
Soon, a group that initially numbered dozens was ultimately reduced to only the red-robed elder.
“Ah!”
“Go to hell, everyone!” The red-robed elder, consumed by anger and descending into madness, frenziedly darted around within the formation.
He launched wild and furious assaults on everything in his path. However, instead of breaking the formation, this action only hastened the depletion of his energy. Before long, he was exhausted and sweating profusely.
Yet, the shadows persisted, seemingly endless and relentless. Filled with despair and resentment, he questioned who had betrayed them.
Following the Chief Guildmaster’s orders, the red-robed elder undertook a covert mission where discretion was paramount. This top-secret assignment was known only to a select few high-ranking officials in the Dragon Guard.
At that moment, he suspected that there was a traitor within their ranks. In the area outside the formation, the experts remained on standby while waiting for the order.
Equipped with a compass, Dustin analyzed the situation within the array by observing the points of light and shadows.
It became clear that the points of light representing human lives were rapidly diminishing. Ultimately, only one light remained. Even that light gradually faded after persevering for nearly an hour.
Finally, all signs of life within the formation were extinguished.
“Clear the formation and inspect the area,” Dustin ordered. After ensuring everything was in order, he directed his subordinates to dispel the fog and deactivate the octagram array formation.
As the formation dissipated, the shadows vanished, and the lingering white smoke quickly cleared. Within minutes, everything returned to normal, as if nothing had happened.
The Dragon Guard members who were present moments ago had vanished. Everybody, including that of the red- robed elder, disappeared into the ground, leaving only weapons and bloodstains.
“Inspect all areas thoroughly and determine if there are any survivors,” Dustin ordered.
A team of guards immediately began a meticulous search, scouring the entire battlefield. However, they found no traces of life.
“Your Highness! The remnants of the Dragon Guard that entered the ambush circle have been eradicated,” a guard reported.
“Logan, something feels off,” Austin spoke up suddenly. He added, “Being an ultimate grandmaster, Reagan shouldn’t be so easily defeated with just two formations.”
“Yes, it does sound fishy,” Dustin acknowledged.
He went on, “I sensed a powerful figure within the formation. But the difference between that person and Reagan, the top-tier expert, was significant. So, I suspect that Reagan was not in that team earlier.”
Austin’s eyes widened, and he couldn’t help but blurt out, “Are you saying we’ve been tricked?”
###Chapter 1884 by Marina Vittori
“It’s still uncertain,” Dustin replied with a serious expression.
He added, “There are only two potential scenarios in this situation. First, Julius might not have earned the Dragon Guard’s trust. Alternatively, Reagan could have sent this team to test Julius.”
“And the second?” Austin asked.
“The second possibility is that Julius betrayed us. It could be a trap orchestrated by the Dragon Guard, using a decoy team to draw us out and setting up a full-scale ambush,” Dustin replied.
He solemnly added, “Julius is the only one at risk in the first scenario. As for the second scenario, we might have walked into an enemy trap.”
Austin quickly analyzed the situation and ordered, “Stay alert, everyone!”
The castle’s elite forces promptly scattered, staying on high alert.
At that moment, laughter resonated through the sky, causing a disturbance that sent countless birds into flight.
“It’s too late to be on guard now!”
Shortly afterward, a formidable force of soldiers and horses emerged from all directions-an unexpected and significant arrival.
The sheer numbers were staggering, with thousands densely packed in view.
Dustin led a thousand elite warriors, yet the Dragon Guard’s ambush outnumbered them tenfold. It was evident that the Dragon Guard had meticulously planned it from the start.
“Damn it! We’ve walked right into the enemy’s trap!”
Austin’s face changed, and he immediately commanded his guards to form a defensive formation. Initially, they believed they were setting the trap, only to realize they had become the prey.
“Surround them!”
A commanding shout echoed as the numerous forces of the Dragon Guard encircled the elite castle warriors. Despite both sides deploying their best warriors, the Dragon Guard had the numerical advantage.
“Fuck, it was Julius! He actually betrayed us!” Austin exclaimed with gritted teeth, seething with resentment.
Unbeknownst to them, their carefully planned decapitation operation had fallen into the treacherous trap set by Julius. The intention was to minimize attention, but the unfolding events proved otherwise.
“Logan, you didn’t see this coming, right? Here we are, meeting at last.”
Reagan walked out from the crowd, laughing. Adept members of the Dragon Guard flanked him. Cinna stood to the left and Julius to the right, forming a united front.
“Reagan?” Dustin squinted at the tall, masked man before him. Dustin’s eyes revealed a hint of hostility.
The grudge between them ran deep, fueled by a matricidal vendetta. Reagan, the mastermind behind the Aylka incident, was deemed even more despicable than Alaric.
“That’s right. It’s me.” Reagan laughed.
He went on, “What’s the matter? Surprised? It’s like a praying mantis capturing its prey, unaware of the looming bird. And behind that bird, which is you, there’s a hunter-me.”
“Logan, I feel bad to say this, but opportunities must be seized. Sir Judd offered me too much, and I couldn’t resist. Therefore, I had no choice but to betray you.” Julius grinned.
“Bastard! The castle extended an opportunity for your redemption; in return, you betrayed us. Do you have no conscience?” Austin yelled.
“Conscience?” Julius sneered and laughed manically. He went on, “Austin, you’re too naive. What value does conscience hold? Is it more important than power and status?
“If I remain in West Lucozia, I’d never have an opportunity to ascend, particularly after this failure. You might even condemn me to a life of obscurity.
“But with Sir Judd, it’s a different story.
I can revel in wealth, power, and an elevated status. If I eliminate all of you, I will become the future Prince of West Lucozia!”
“Dream on!” Austin retorted, “You, a sellout seeking glory, can never become a ruler in your life!”
“Save your breath! I only know one rule -the winner takes all. I’ll use any means to achieve my goal.” Julius countered.
“Hmph! Talking about being despicable with such pomp, I’ve never seen someone as disgustingly shameless as you!” Austin scoffed.
“Go ahead and curse all you want. You’ll be dead very soon.” Julius remained completely unfazed.
“Julius! Don’t get too cocky. The winner of today’s showdown is still up in the air.” Austin’s expression turned cold.
Indeed, the Dragon Guard boasted significant numbers, but the elite warriors Austin brought this time provided a glimmer of hope.
While an outright victory wasn’t assured, the possibility of a full-force breakthrough remained.
“I’ve already exposed all your trump cards. How do you intend to take me on now?” Julius sneered coldly.
“Logan, I must admit, your formations were impressive. If I got caught in them accidentally, I might not be able to escape for a while.” Reagan started with a few words of praise but swiftly shifted the topic with a sly grin.
He continued, “Well, no matter how you crunch the numbers, in the end, you’re just one step slower. I’ve got a soft spot for talent, so I’m throwing you a bone.
“So, drop your weapons and swear allegiance. I might spare your life and throw in a lifetime of riches and glory.”
Dustin scoffed. “Drop my weapons? Swear allegiance? Do you truly believe you’re worth that?”
A conniving character like Reagan wouldn’t let a potential threat off the hook. If Dustin dared to surrender, he’d be a goner in the blink of an eye.
After all, both sides had hit the point of no return.
“Logan, you really should learn from Julius. Submitting to the stronger is a survival strategy, perhaps your only way out,” Reagan remarked with a smile.
“I know exactly what kind of person you are. I don’t believe a word you say. Let’s settle our score right here, right now,” Dustin retorted with unwavering determination.
“Very well! Since you’re so eager to die, I’ll grant your wish!” Reagan slowly raised his hand, then lowered it as he shouted, “Kill them! Spare no one!”
Following the command, the Dragon Guard members roared and charged directly. “Charge!”
“Let’s give it everything we’ve got!” Austin swiftly unsheathed his sword, rallying the elite warriors from the castle to face their enemies head-on.
The two forces collided in a fierce, desperate battle for survival.
###Chapter 1885 by Marina Vittori
The elite warriors of the castle clashed fiercely with the numerically superior Dragon Guard, escalating the battle into a brutal confrontation.
Austin led the castle forces, while Cinna commanded the Dragon Guard.
In the midst of the chaotic battle, Dustin and Reagan faced each other in a standoff. They cautiously observed without taking immediate action.
The ongoing combat hindered Dustin from strategically deploying formations. Both the fog formation and octagram array attacked indiscriminately.
The earlier planted bombs appeared useless unless the situation reached a critical juncture where mutual destruction became the only choice.
After a brief observation, Dustin issued a decisive command, “Austin, the ambush plan failed. Retreat with your men now!”
As he gauged the situation, he observed that the castle’s elite warriors, though brave and individually skilled, faced a roadblock in advancing further.
Despite each warrior’s capacity to handle three to five opponents, achieving victory in the battle proved to be elusive.
The Dragon Guard’s forces, ten times larger, cast a continual shadow, capable of wearing down the castle’s elite through attrition.
The prudent decision now was to pull back while their strength remained undiminished. Consequently, Dustin couldn’t allow these elite fighters to sacrifice themselves in vain.
Upon receiving his brother’s command, Austin wasted no time and commanded, “Form the Delta Formation! Follow my lead for the breakthrough!”
Then, he swiftly directed his team into formation and led them, charging toward the vulnerable point.
The castle’s elite warriors, already showing superiority and exceptional coordination, skillfully broke through. They created a gap in the encirclement meticulously formed by the Dragon Guard.
“Quick, go after them! Don’t let them get away!” Julius shouted.
“Go after them!” Cinna’s command was swift as he led a sizable group in pursuit of the castle’s elite warriors.
The intense life-and-death struggle transformed into a pursuit through the mountainous forest as they navigated the challenging terrain.
In an instant, they had moved far from the initial battlefield. At that moment, Dustin stood alone on the castle’s side of the battleground.
On the Dragon Guard’s front, three grandmaster martial artists-elders of the Dragon Guard-stood firm alongside Reagan and Julius, each possessing formidable and unique skills.
Fortunately, moments before his demise, Seth’s final sword strike had decimated most of the Dragon Guard’s elite force.
Without this fortunate turn of events, Dustin would have had to face a much larger elite force.
“Logan, why aren’t you making a break for it?” Reagan sneered. His expression resembled a predator sizing up its prey.
“Why should I? I came here today to kill you,” Dustin replied coldly.
“Kill me?” Reagan laughed loudly.
He went on, “Logan, credit is given where it’s due-you’ve got exceptional talent and strength. Landing in the top ten of the Astonishing World List at your age is no small feat.
“But you’re still a bit inexperienced in my book. You should realize the gap between the tenth and the fifth on the Astonishing World List is considerable.
“The rankings on the Astonishing World List are rough guidelines, not absolute measures of strength. The death of your former Chief Guildmaster Alaric is the best example,” Dustin retorted coldly.
In the previous Astonishing World List, Alaric held the second rank, and Seth was third. However, following Seth’s breakthrough, Alaric proved no match and didn’t even get the chance to escape.
“Alaric?” Reagan snorted coldly.
He continued, “Don’t overestimate yourself. First off, I am not Alaric, and you are not Seth. Exceptional swordsmen like Seth come around once in a lifetime. You’re still a long way from reaching that level!”
###Chapter 1886 by Marina Vittori
“My strength may not measure up to Uncle Seth’s, but it’s still more than enough to take you on!” Dustin asserted.
“Take me on? Do you really have what it takes?” Reagan sneered.
According to the information Reagan acquired, Dustin had recently attained the status of an ultimate grandmaster, mastering some unique techniques.
However, Dustin was currently at the mid-stage of ultimate grandmaster, whereas Reagan was approaching completion.
The gap between them was almost two levels, resembling a significant divide. This posed a considerable challenge for Dustin to overcome, even with his exceptional talent.
“You’ll see soon if I’ve got what it takes, “Dustin replied. He lifted his sword, and the Celestial Blade smoothly slid out from its sheath on his back, firmly held in his grasp.
“Fine! If you’re that confident, I’ll let you challenge me today!” Reagan waved his hand, conjuring a fiery-red spear into existence-the Inferno Fury Spear.
It was ranked third on the Divine Weapon List, formerly owned by Alaric.
He added, “None of you better interfere. Today, I’m going to crush this so-called Kirin, praised by everyone, with sheer strength!”
Then, he swung his spear, and his aura surged. A crimson light shot from his body, tearing through the sky and summoning thunder above the clouds.
The wind roared, making every lush greenery within hundreds of feet bow low. This imposing aura prompted supernatural occurrences, an unspoken recognition of his might.
“Hmm?” As Dustin sensed Reagan’s imposing aura, a serious expression crept across his face, furrowing his brow.
In his martial journey, he had rarely encountered foes of such formidable nature, usually navigating through challenges with relative ease.
However, facing Reagan, Dustin felt unparalleled pressure, realizing that this upcoming battle was not going to be a walk in the park.
“Come on, show me what you’ve got!” Reagan beckoned, gesturing him to come at him. Dustin humphed and wasted no time. He stepped forward, transforming into a streak of light, charging directly ahead.
The Celestial Blade in his hand erupted with dark radiance, emanating a chilling aura.
“Desert Mirage!” As Dustin launched his attack, Reagan made no move to evade. Instead, he aimed his spear forward, unleashing a barrage of sharp spear auras.
These auras resembled artillery shells, possessing a fearsome power as they surged toward Dustin. Their unstoppable advance wreaked havoc, causing trees to explode and the ground to upheave wherever they passed.
Dustin’s eyes narrowed as he swung the Celestial Blade, conjuring a dense layer of sword aura in front of him. The interwoven sword aura clashed fiercely with the spear auras emanating from Reagan.
Amidst a thunderous collision, the sword aura and spear auras exploded, scattering brilliant and lethal lights in all directions.
The intense waves of energy radiated outward, obliterating everything in their path.
In the ensuing moments, Dustin’s figure shot out from the epicenter of the explosion. Upon landing, he staggered back several steps, each step imprinting a deep footprint on the ground.
Conversely, Reagan appeared unruffled, with not a single strand of hair out of place.
In this initial clash of their moves, Dustin was unmistakably at a disadvantage.
###Chapter 1887 by Marina Vittori
“I’ll have to admit that you’ve got the skills,” Reagan remarked, wielding his spear with an imposing presence.
He continued, “Not many can block my ‘Desert Mirage,’ and it seems you’re one of the few. With time, you might even surpass me.”
In the previous strike, Reagan put in at least 50% of his strength. He sensed that Dustin had only slightly lagged after displaying his power in the direct confrontation earlier.
However, Reagan felt that Dustin still had a long way to go to catch up.
“I expected someone holding the fifth rank on the Astonishing World List to be more impressive. Guess I overestimated you,” Dustin commented, a tinge of disappointment evident in his expression.
“What did you just say?” Reagan shot him a cold glare. He couldn’t fathom how Dustin would dare to underestimate him.
“What? Did you not catch that? Allow me to repeat.” Dustin raised his voice. ” Your strength is pathetic, way weaker than I anticipated!”
Upon hearing this, Reagan instantly boiled with anger. “Kid! Do you have a death wish or something?”
His spear quivered, and his body’s internal energy surged. With a tap of his feet, he transformed into a red streak, charging directly at Dustin.
He pondered, “Who does this guy think he is? How dare he disrespect me? He’s going to pay the price with his life!”
“Sunset Flow!”
Halfway to his target, Reagan swung his spear, unleashing 18 spear auras that swiftly rotated around him.
Ultimately, these 18 spear auras coalesced into a colossal, intense radiance, hurtling toward Dustin. In the wake of the fierce radiance, the air distorted, and the ground bore a deep mark.
Despite Dustin’s earlier dismissive tone, he avoided overconfidence. When confronted with this formidable attack, he promptly mobilized his true energy. He concentrated it in the Celestial Blade and executed his unique killer move.
“Conquest Breaker!” Dustin shouted. He seamlessly blended with the sword, transforming into a black aura, and collided head-on with Reagan’s intense radiant light.
This sword technique didn’t flaunt grandiosity but possessed one crucial attribute-speed. And not just any speed, but an extraordinary swiftness.
In an instant, a collision of two brilliant lights echoed with a thunderous boom, shaking the very earth beneath them. The sky seemed to protest, changing its colors dramatically.
This clash unleashed a terrifying energy wave that swept wildly in all directions.The impact crumbled everything in its path, forcing even spectators like Julius to retreat several steps due to the turbulent waves.
After the intense collision, Dustin was forcefully propelled tens of feet away. Upon landing, he struggled to regain stability, retreating continuously for more than a dozen steps.
Upon closer scrutiny, signs of strain manifested in his grip. The hand that held the sword trembled uncontrollably. It was evident that this potent strike had taken a toll, leaving him at a disadvantage.
“Kid! How many moves do you reckon you can block?” Reagan remained spirited, speaking as he launched another attack on Dustin.
“Let’s go all out!” Dustin gritted his teeth.
He swiftly pulled out a silver needle and stabbed it into the back of his head. As the silver needle vibrated, it stimulated his pressure points.
In response, his eyes turned crimson, blue veins bulging across his body, and his muscles swelled with newfound power.
It was the secret Rhys technique, a method capable of temporarily unlocking one’s potential and significantly boosting strength. However, the consequences were harsh.
With Dustin’s current level of cultivation, the enhancement could only be sustained for a maximum of 15 minutes. If he couldn’t conclude the battle within that limited time, death awaited as the inevitable outcome.
His eyes turned crimson, and he roared, raising his sword once more to launch another attack. “Kill!”
Soon, the two were locked in a fierce battle. With Dustin’s strength doubled, he was no longer inferior to Reagan.
In head-on collisions, neither side showed any weakness. Each clash and strike sent forth powerful energy waves, wreaking havoc on the surrounding environment.
As the battle unfolded, Dustin grew more daring. He swung the Celestial Blade with heightened speed and fierceness, pushing his spirit and energy to the limit.
Despite Dustin’s relentless attacks, Reagan stood firm like a rock, neither hastening nor slowing down.
In the current situation, it was evident that defeating or even killing Reagan within 15 minutes was a challenge.
“The secret Rhys technique is indeed impressive. Achieving this level of strength is truly remarkable,” Reagan remarked.
He added, “But how long can you keep it up? Five minutes? Ten minutes? Maybe 20? Once the secret technique’s effects wear off, you’ll be vulnerable, an easy target for me!”
While engaged in battle, he still found room for mockery. His primary ive was to undermine Dustin psychologically.
With Dustin’s current strength, Reagan knew that winning wouldn’t be easy. Even if Dustin succeeded, it would likely come at a cost.
Hence, Reagan wanted Dustin to reveal his own weak points. Dustin declared, “Then, I’ll bring you down within the secret technique’s time frame!”
His momentum surged again. The Celestial Blade in his hand moved faster, and his attacks became more merciless. Energy surged from every part of his body, a relentless and vigorous torrent.
“Relying on the secret Rhys technique won’t narrow the distance between us.
Despite the considerable strength boost, you’re still no match for me,” Reagan commented.
Then, he brandished the Inferno Fury Spear. In the midst of their intense battle, they exchanged defensive moves and unleashed powerful attacks.
Dustin suddenly shouted, “Albert! What are you waiting for? Act now!”
He swung the Celestial Blade to restrict Reagan’s movements as much as possible. Then, a gigantic golden palm shadow appeared in the sky. Suddenly, it pressed onto Reagan’s head.
This palm shadow, akin to a mountain, bore immense weight, exuding a pressure that felt capable of world destruction.
The moment the palm imprint materialized, it unyieldingly locked onto Reagan. No matter how he maneuvered to dodge it, he couldn’t escape its grasp.
Reagan furrowed his brow, sensing the pressure from above, his expression turning serious. Yet, he remained composed.
With one hand gripping the spear to parry Dustin’s assaults and the other swiftly raised, Reagan struck toward the golden palm shadow in the sky.
His intention was clear-to confront the attacks of two grandmasters head- on with his strength.
###Chapter 1888 by Marina Vittori
“Sneak attack? You honestly believe that’ll succeed?” Reagan roared.
He deftly maneuvered his spear and iron palm, and both were enveloped in a fiery red aura. The attacks were aimed at Dustin and the massive golden palm shadow above Reagan’s head.
Two thunderous sounds echoed.
The force of the spear attack propelled Dustin backward, and Reagan’s assault shattered the golden palm shadow in the sky like fragile glass, dispersing it into scattered golden light.
Albert, hidden within the golden palm shadow, was thrown high into the air. Upon landing, he retreated more than 30 feet away.
In contrast, Reagan quickly stepped back to readjust his stance following the unexpected assault. He retained the advantage even when facing two opponents, showcasing his impressive strength.
Even though they were top-notch grandmasters at the pinnacle of their field, Dustin and Albert observed Reagan effortlessly handling them.
They noticed Reagan displayed no signs of tiredness.
Standing beside Dustin, Albert commented, “The fifth-ranked powerhouse on the Astonishing World List is truly as formidable as they claim.
Both of them focused their gaze on Reagan. They couldn’t refute the fact that Reagan’s strength was impressive, establishing him as a formidable presence in West Lucozia.
“Albert the Executioner?” Reagan squinted, then smirked.
He went on, “I’ve been looking forward to meeting you. Today’s a two-for-one deal. First, I’ll take care of Logan and then deal with you.”
He added, “Once both of you are out of the picture, the West Lucozia castle will be weakened. That’s when I’ll seize the opportunity to take complete control!”
“Oh, really? We’ll see if you’re up to the challenge!” Albert snorted and quickly pulled out a silver needle, stabbing it into the back of his head.
Similar to Dustin, Albert opted to employ the secret Rhys technique to unleash their potential for the fight.
Albert was aware that winning under regular circumstances would be a daunting task for both of them. He was determined to conclude the battle as quickly as possible.
“Oh? Ready to give it your all now? Alright, bring it on. Let me see what you’ve got!”
Undaunted, Reagan flicked his spear, and his aura surged once again. His hair billowed without a breeze, giving him a majestic appearance reminiscent of a descended angel.
“We’ll attack together!” Dustin exchanged a silent glance with Albert. Without uttering another word, both rushed toward Reagan with their weapons drawn.
Half of the time allotted for Dustin’s unleashed potential had already elapsed, and every passing minute and second now carried immense significance.
It was crucial that they had to wager their lives for a chance.
Albert chuckled. “It’s been a while since I’ve felt so invigorated.”
His eyes gleamed red as he transformed into a black shadow, launching a swift and decisive attack on Reagan.
Albert was renowned for his bone- crushing grip technique. His iron palms were akin to divine weapons in their formidable strength.
His fighting skills and understanding of human anatomy were unparalleled in close combat.
“Good timing!” Confronted with the combined assault, Reagan didn’t step back. Instead, he pressed forward. His hands skillfully wielded the spear, releasing a flurry of spear shadows resembling cannonballs, consistently hurtling toward Dustin and Albert.
Brandishing his sword, Dustin faced the spear shadows with a sword aura. Simultaneously, Albert’s hands emitted bursts of milky-white aura, relentlessly countering the approaching spear shadows.
Before the two sides could even draw near, the initial collision unfolded in the air.
Powerful energy waves erupted like fireworks, sweeping in all directions akin to a tidal wave. Destruction trailed in its wake, leaving a path of chaos wherever it passed.
“Albert! This won’t work. Use your trump card to end this fight as quickly as possible!”
At that moment, Dustin realized the problem. Engaging in this level of energy collision wouldn’t harm Reagan at all. If they persisted and the secret technique’s effects wore off, death would be inevitable.
“Understood!” Albert replied.
Launching off the ground with a forceful push of his foot, he ascended into the sky, reaching a height of three hundred feet. Flipping upside down, he then directed a palm strike toward Reagan.
“Adamantine Wisdom Palm!” Albert bellowed.
Next, a burst of dazzling golden light radiated from his entire body.
The brilliance quickly took shape in the air, materializing into the colossal Ironfist Statue, which appeared truly majestic and awe-inspiring.
###Chapter 1889 by Marina Vittori
The Ironfist Statue and Albert held their imposing stance, both exerting immense pressure on Reagan.
In the colossal shadow of the Ironfist Statue, Reagan appeared minuscule- like an ant, seemingly vulnerable to a gentle touch that could effortlessly crush him.
“Sevenbane!” As Albert launched his attack, Dustin swiftly sprang into action. His eyes were filled with rage and energy concentrated within the Celestial Blade. Stepping forward, Dustin fused with his sword, transforming into a black streak aimed unerringly at Reagan’s heart.
“Noble Force!”
Witnessing Albert and Dustin going all out, Reagan couldn’t afford to take any risks. He immediately activated his defensive technique. His body trembled, and a white energy burst forth, creating a circular force field around him.
Albert’s Adamantine Wisdom Palm clashed with the force field above Reagan’s head, creating a loud noise.
Ripples coursed through the force field, resembling flowing water, and the cryptic runes on its surface glowed mysteriously. 1
Another resounding noise reverberated as Dustin’s lethal strike connected with the white force field. Like Albert’s experience, the Celestial Blade didn’t penetrate the force field but caused ripples on its surface.
Albert’s Adamantine Wisdom Palm applied relentless pressure on the force field. Simultaneously, Dustin’s Celestial Blade thrust forward persistently.
Applying unyielding force from two different directions, they launched their most formidable assault.
If they failed to shatter the force field and inflict severe damage on Reagan, it would render all their efforts futile.
A surge of powerful energy emanated from Dustin and Albert’s bodies, each wave surpassing the last. Both exerted their utmost, relentlessly assaulting the force field, depleting their final reserves of potential.
Under the relentless onslaught of Dustin and Albert, cracks finally appeared on Reagan’s protective force field, and these cracks spread rapidly.
“H-How is this possible?” Reagan’s countenance changed, and fear crossed his face.
His ‘Noble Force’ was widely recognized for its unmatched defense. He never anticipated that when Dustin and Albert unleashed their full strength, they would pose such a formidable threat to him.
Reagan came to the realization that the secret Rhys family technique could not be underestimated.
“Why are you just standing there? Come over and give me a hand!”
Reagan, unable to contain himself any longer, sought assistance from those behind him. Initially thinking he could easily triumph against two opponents, he now found himself in a tight spot, having underestimated their strength.
“Sir Judd! Let me help you!” Seizing the opportunity, Julius took a step forward. He transformed into a shadow as he hastened to the center of the battlefield.
“Perfect!” Reagan’s face brightened.
He promptly directed, “I’ve entangled Logan and Albert. They’re helpless now. Focus on Logan first, and I’ll
handle Albert.”
“No problem!”
As he approached, Julius’s eyes flashed with a resolute glint.
Suddenly, he withdrew a hidden weapon, pointed it at Reagan’s back, and thrust it forward. A poisoned needle shot out, penetrating the force field’s cracks and directly into Reagan’s body.
Without a doubt, it was the Deicide Venom!
###Chapter 1890 by Marina Vittori
The Deicide Venom, a projectile with a range of ten feet, was almost a sure hit when launched unexpectedly.
So, when Julius produced the projectile from behind and executed a surprise attack, the poisoned needle, carrying the Deicide Venom, effortlessly pierced Reagan’s body.
“Finally got it done.” Julius let out a long breath as if accomplishing some crucial task.
On the other hand, Reagan was left bewildered. He turned around, staring at Julius with disbelief, shock, confusion, and deep suspicion.
“W-Why?” Reagan’s eyes widened, his face reflecting shock, bewilderment, and an undeniable sense of betrayal.
He couldn’t comprehend why Julius, who had already cut ties with West Lucozia castle and joined the Dragon Guard, would betray him.
“Sir Judd, I’m sorry. I’m still a member of the Rhys family. I can’t stand idly by while my family falls.” Julius smirked.
He went on, “Besides, Logan is my nephew. How could I bear to harm him?
“So, right from the start, it was all an act? The betrayal, the leaked information-everything was staged?” Reagan asked, astonished.
“If we hadn’t taken this approach, how could I earn your trust? Without your trust, how could I accomplish this now? “Julius asserted confidently. 1
He added, “Sir Judd, your perceptiveness and caution forced us to orchestrate this scheme. Despite the intricate process, the outcomes speak for themselves.”
“Y-You-!”
Seething with rage, Reagan gritted his teeth, and his neck veins pulsed visibly. In his anger, it hastened the effects of the Deicide Venom within his body, causing him to spit out a mouthful of black blood.
At that moment, he resembled a deflated balloon, his aura wilting and on the verge of collapse. The protective force field, already riddled with cracks, shattered with a resounding bang under the pressure of Albert’s Adamantine Wisdom Palm.
Reagan didn’t waste a moment, channeling all his energy as he swiftly raised his palm to deflect Albert’s forceful strike. The impact sent Albert flying dozens of feet away.
Then, Reagan coughed up a mouthful of black blood, his complexion turning alarmingly pale.
Then, Dustin swiftly plunged his Celestial Blade into Reagan’s chest, dealing a severe and impactful blow that pierced through from front to back.
“Ah!” Reagan howled in pain, unleashing a surge of energy at a grandmaster level with a terrifying impact. Dustin was sent flying, and even the Celestial Blade slipped from his grasp.
“Go to hell, everyone!”
Reagan’s gaze transformed into a fiery red, his hair in disarray as he unleashed continuous, thunderous roars. The mask on his face burst open, unveiling a horrifying and grotesque countenance.
He wielded the Inferno Fury Spear with unbridled force, releasing powerful spear auras in all directions without discrimination. Each strike carried enough might to subjugate the entire world.
At that instant, Reagan succumbed to a fit of frenzied anger, and his power surged. If he had previously restrained himself, avoiding self-infliction, now he was prepared to take a bold and desperate stance.
“Quick, retreat! He’s been poisoned with Deicide Venom, and he won’t last much longer!” Dustin ordered everyone to keep their distance to avoid Reagan’s desperate counterattack.
Albert and Julius withdrew, watching the unfolding chaos with cautious eyes.
###Chapter 1891 by Marina Vittori
The Deicide Venom, ranked as the most lethal among the top ten toxins, was deemed insurmountable within the realm of terrestrial immortals.
Simply put, aside from Arion of Sacred Wrym Summit, no one in the world was resilient enough to withstand this venom’s effect.
Hence, Reagan’s demise was inevitable, making it imperative to avoid hasty decisions at this juncture.
“Sir Judd!”
The three grandmaster-level elders were visibly alarmed when they saw Reagan poisoned. Without missing a beat, they hurried forward, prepared to step in.
“Get out of the way!” Reagan shouted, sweeping his Inferno Fury Spear sideways.
The force, comparable to a massive weight, propelled the three Dragon Guard elders into the air. Each of them spat up blood, sustaining serious injuries.
Teetering on the brink of madness, Reagan harbored distrust for anyone approaching following Julius’s earlier sneak attack. So, he regarded anyone who approached him as his enemy.
“I’ll kill every one of you!”
Reagan relentlessly swung the Inferno Fury Spear, sending out razor-sharp spear auras that turned the three- hundred-foot radius around him into a lethal zone.
Anything that was living or inanimate within this range would be destroyed by the menacing spear shadows.
After this frenzy, he spat out another mouthful of black blood, revealing signs of weakness and disorientation. Only at this point did the red glow in his eyes gradually fade, and the frenzied momentum finally waned.
“You bunch of scum, I’ll kill all of you sooner or later!”
Reagan left behind a menacing ultimatum before swiftly turning to flee. He transformed into a shadow and headed toward the base.
He was debilitated by the potent poison and weakened by Dustin’s earlier sword attack. Reagan needed to withdraw urgently for recovery and detoxification.
As long as Reagan returned to his territory, even with Dustin and the others possessing extraordinary abilities, they couldn’t breach the base’s defenses.
“Chase after him!” Dustin commanded, spurring his team to pursue Reagan. Reagan’s current isolated and weakened state was the opportune moment for a decisive strike that couldn’t be missed.
“Albert! Take this!”
In the heat of the pursuit, Dustin casually tossed a Rejuvenatium pill to Albert.
Unlike the one given to Julius earlier, this particular pill was a potent concoction designed to swiftly replenish spent energy and counteract the adverse effects of the secret Rhys technique.
“Thank you, Your Highness!” Albert promptly consumed the pill. The moment it entered his system, a comforting warmth permeated his body, dispelling fatigue and revitalizing his energy.
“Keep up the pace! We can’t afford to let Reagan slip away!” Dustin ordered.
“Logan, Reagan has been poisoned with the Deicide Venom, and his demise is inevitable. So, there’s no need to rush, right?” Julius cautioned.
His main worry focused on Reagan’s desperate retaliation against himself.
“Although the Deicide Venom is potent, I cannot assure you with absolute certainty that it will be fatal for Reagan. Until we verify his demise, we must remain vigilant and avoid any negligence!”
Dustin upheld a serious attitude. Following thorough preparation and anticipation, this juncture offered a pivotal chance that brooked no margin for error or the slightest chance.
In Dustin’s perspective, that day was the day Reagan must die.
###Chapter 1892 by Marina Vittori
“Almost there! Just a little further!”
Fueled by survival instincts, Reagan sprinted desperately ahead, leaving a trail of blood and vomit.
There was no indication of him slowing down. In a frenzied sprint, he eventually glimpsed the towering walls of the base.
He understood that once he passed those walls, safety awaited him. The base held the promise of an antidote among its stockpile of elixirs and remedies.
A spark of hope lingered, and the prospect of survival felt attainable.
“Open the gates! Hurry, open the gates!
Reagan staggered to the base of the towering wall, his resolve on the brink of collapse.
Every fiber of his being trembled with instability, and the toll of his struggle manifested prominently on his face.
Black blood oozed persistently from his mouth and nose.
As his plea reverberated, a multitude of ballistae released a storm of hefty bolts from the fortress walls. Each ballista packed formidable power and had the potential to inflict substantial damage.
Reagan’s eyes flickered, and he skillfully evaded the approaching projectiles. The bolts struck their target, lodging themselves a yard and a half ahead of him.
The tremendous force buried the bolt’s shaft in the earth, and the remaining half protruded, generating a reverberating roar.
“Hey! Have you lost your mind? I’m the Chief Guildmaster of the Dragon Guard!
Open your damn eyes and see clearly!” Reagan roared angrily at the soldiers on the wall.
Nevertheless, the soldiers stayed unresponsive, brandishing their weapons and directing them at Reagan.
Several formidable weapons also sprang into action-cannons and barrels all aligned toward Reagan beneath the wall, poised to annihilate him at a moment’s notice.
“You bunch of ignorant fools! Do you not recognize me? Open the gates now, or none of you will be spared!” Reagan continued to bellow, initially hopeful for rescue, only to find himself barred at his own doorstep.
He wondered what these people were scheming.
“Reagan, your death is imminent. Surrender now, and I might give you a swift end!” A chilling, resolute voice echoed from behind. Dustin and his companions had caught up, blocking Reagan’s path to escape.
“Quick! Open fire! Kill them!” Reagan recovered his composure and angrily gestured toward Dustin’s group.
On the wall, the soldiers remained unmoved, displaying no reaction, as if they were oblivious to the command.
“Are you all deaf? I told you to open fire! “Reagan yelled frantically. His heightened emotions led to him coughing up more dark blood, intensifying his weakened state.
“The Deicide Venom is no joke. Even a tough guy like Reagan can’t stomach it. It’s absolutely mind-blowing!” Observing Reagan on the verge of dying, Julius was silently impressed.
Ranked fifth on the Astonishing World List, Reagan’s formidable strength was unquestionable. Even with Dustin and his team joining forces, securing a straightforward victory against Reagan proved impossible.
But now, after being poisoned with the Deicide Venom, Reagan’s life force was quickly diminishing, and he teetered on the edge of exhaustion.
“Stop shouting. The soldiers on the wall aren’t from the Dragon Guard,” Dustin spoke coldly.
###Chapter 1893 by Marina Vittori
Reagan’s eyes glowed with intensity, bloodshot and aflame with defiance.
“Nonsense! If they aren’t from the Dragon Guard, are they from your West Lucozia castle?” he bellowed.
“Yes, they’re under my command,” Dustin admitted bluntly.
He went on, “While you were busy ambushing us, my forces had infiltrated, capturing your base. Now, this place belongs to me.”
“Cut the crap, Logan!” Reagan retorted fiercely.
He went on, “Even though I brought out many elites this time, there are still at least 30 thousand troops in the base.
“With diverse defensive measures in place, taking it over without an army exceeding a hundred thousand is unfeasible!”
He added, “I’ve kept a close eye on your Black Dragon Army in West Lucozia. Mobilizing such massive troops wouldn’t escape my notice!”
“Who said I mobilized the Black Dragon Army?” Dustin responded indifferently.
He continued, “Whatever crosses your mind, I’ve already considered. So, to eliminate your remnants, I deliberately sought external assistance.”
The night before, Dustin had sent a letter to Austin, urgently imploring his brother to request reinforcements. Fortunately, the reinforcements arrived in time, completing all his plans. 1
“External assistance? What kind of assistance?” Reagan frowned, feeling uneasy.
“The closest large force to West Lucozia is the White Tiger Army in the southwest. Their commander, the God of Military, Adam, happens to be my close friend,” Dustin said casually.
“White Tiger Army? Adam? Impossible! You’re lying!” Reagan shook his head frantically, refusing to believe Dustin’s words.
“Don’t believe me? See for yourself.” Dustin didn’t explain much and gestured toward the wall behind Reagan.
Reagan’s instincts tingled, prompting him to turn around. He saw the city gate slowly opening.
Following that, a young man in silver armor with a handsome face walked out with an elite group of soldiers. The young man was none other than the God of Military, Adam!
“Reagan, are you surprised? Unexpected, isn’t it?” Adam said.
He went on, “In order to deal with you, I’ve assembled an impressive force of 200 thousand soldiers from the White Tiger Army.
“Furthermore, we’ve reinforced our position with an additional 30 thousand troops from the Black Dragon Army stationed in West Lucozia.
“As of now, your base is under our control.”
His gaze remained cold and unwavering. The person before him had grand ambitions, aiming to control West Lucozia castle, wield imperial authority, and become the ruler of the land.
Unfortunately, in the end, Reagan fell short. The main reason was his arrogance, underestimating Dustin, the Kirin.
“Adam? Is it really you?” Reagan’s body trembled as if struck by lightning.
Seeing Adam walking out of the base, he understood that Dustin wasn’t lying. The base had completely fallen, and he was utterly defeated.
“How could this happen? W-Why?” Reagan kept shaking his head, finding it difficult to accept the reality.
“No … this can’t be right! To mobilize 200 thousand troops without the royal family decree is simply impossible!
“I’ve already placed spies by the King’s side, and I should have known if he intended to mobilize the army!”
Adam smiled and explained, ”
Mobilizing the army doesn’t require a direct order from the King. A military insignia is sufficient.”
“To get a military insignia, you need to go from West Lucozia to Oakvale and then back again. It’s impossible to do it in just one night!” Reagan denied it again.
“You don’t have to travel to Oakvale to obtain a military insignia. Logan has a key ally who can represent the King,” Adam stated, moving aside and offering a bow.
“Your Royal Highness, if you may.”
As he finished speaking, a woman dressed in white with a veil covering her face walked out slowly and elegantly.
The woman was none other than the Dragonmarsh princess, Grace, who was at the top of the Beauty Ranking list!
###Chapter 1894 by Marina Vittori
“Reagan, your actions have brought disaster upon the nation. The gravity of your offenses demands immediate capture.
“Failure to comply will result in your execution without leniency!” Grace declared sternly, her tone authoritative.
At that instant, she clutched a gold badge representing imperial authority.
She and Dustin had left Oakvale to deal with the remnants of the Dragon Guard. Hence, she was thoroughly prepared for the task.
The gold badge, personally granted by Valon, played a crucial role in calling for reinforcements when needed.
Thankfully, it enabled her to swiftly mobilize 200 thousand troops from the White Tiger Army across provinces.
Reagan staggered backward, his face etched with despair, questioning, “Why is this happening?”
The sense of distress deepened as black blood continued to flow from his mouth and nose.
“Reagan, it’s over. The tide has turned, and today marks the end of the Dragon Guard. You and your kind, hidden in the shadows, will finally face the consequences of your actions!” Dustin declared coldly. T
“No way! I refuse to accept defeat! It’s inconceivable!” Reagan roared in defiance.
He went on, “I’ve worked too hard to reach this point, to seize the chance to become the ruler of the world. I won’t accept defeat from inexperienced youngsters like you!”
After enduring for many years, Reagan had climbed the ranks to become the Chief Guildmaster of the Dragon Guard.
He harbored dreams of attaining supreme power. But soon after, severe injuries struck, bringing him to his current desperate situation.
The reality was hard to accept. Hence, he refused to admit defeat, especially against a group of young people.
“Reagan, can’t you see?” Adam spoke calmly.
He continued, “Since Seth eradicated the Dracan force and wiped out the Dragon Guard, you lost the support and the divine favor.
“If you have chosen to remain hidden, perhaps you could have prolonged your existence.
“However, yielding to greed and setting your sights on the West Lucozia castle sealed your fate. The instant you made that choice, failure became inevitable.
“It’s fate, an immutable aspect of the world. So, accept it!”
“How absurd is this twist of fate! I refuse to acknowledge it! I will not stand for it! I am the chosen one! I am the ruler of the world! None of you can ever overcome me!”
Reagan bellowed, “I’ll kill every one of you!”
His roar of rage resounded as he sprinted toward Dustin.
The Inferno Fury Spear in Reagan’s grasp quivered, and he transformed into a crimson shadow. Knowing his imminent demise, he intended to bring a few enemies down.
“Go to hell!” Reagan’s eyes turned bloodshot, his entire essence ablaze with vital energy. Black blood continued to flow from his eyes, ears, nose, and mouth. Yet, at this juncture, he remained indifferent.
Dustin snorted and said, “Ignorant fool!
Defiantly holding his ground, he wielded the Celestial Blade as he and his opponent engaged in a lightning- fast exchange.
In the span of a moment, they covered 300 feet, their weapons colliding with a thunderous boom.
An immense shockwave burst forth when the sword and spear tips made contact. Everything within the 300- foot radius vanished, and a formidable shockwave rippled out in every direction.
Following the brutal collision, Dustin staggered backward, coughing up blood.
###Chapter 1895 by Marina Vittori
After the collision, Reagan was propelled more than ten yards backward, coughing out blood.
His entire arm was shattered, causing the Inferno Fury Spear to be hurled away, ultimately leaving him sprawled on the ground, struggling to breathe.
“Are you alright, Your Highness?” Albert quickly advanced, assisting the trembling Dustin.
“I’m fine .” Dustin sensed a rush of blood and vitality coursing through him, his arm tingling, and he struggled to maintain a steady grip on his sword.
Despite Reagan being in critical condition, Dustin couldn’t overlook the potency of his recent forceful attack- it had compelled Dustin to spit out blood.
Fortunately, Reagan’s body had already succumbed to the Deicide Venom. Otherwise, the fight’s outcome might not have been in Dustin’s favor.
Reagan sprawled on the ground and let out a feeble growl. “Why? I refuse to accept defeat!”
His hands clawed into the soil, marking it with deep imprints. His already fierce visage took on an even more menacing look.
“Any last words?” Dustin advanced with the Celestial Blade in hand, gazing down at the defeated Reagan.
Once a prominent figure, Reagan now seemed like a dying elderly-pitiful, miserable, and with a hint of ferocious struggle in the face of impending death.
In the grip of insanity, he bellowed with a feral gaze, “Logan! You despicable scoundrel! If not for your scheming, I wouldn’t have lost. I certainly wouldn’t be in this situation now!
“I refuse to accept this! I will not yield to it even in the face of death!”
Reagan’s adversary was the renowned Rufus, Prince of West Lucozia and the current ruler of the realm.
Surprisingly, Reagan succumbed to defeat against a group of inexperienced youths. This fact proved challenging to acknowledge and intensified his determination not to yield.
“Despicable?” Dustin snorted.
He added, “How ironic that you’re the one saying this! You orchestrated the assassination of my father, sowed discord, and manipulated my uncle into rebellion, plunging West Lucozia into chaos!
“Is there anything more despicable than that?
“Now, with your looming defeat, you dare to speak of high principles. It’s laughable. Besides, I don’t care whether you accept it or not. I only want you dead!”
Upon hearing this, Reagan suddenly burst into maniacal laughter. “Logan, even if you kill me, what does it change? Do you believe you’ve triumphed? It’s nothing but a fantasy!
“The roots of the Dragon Guard run deep, and its members are scattered far and wide. Even after my demise, others will rise to avenge me, wiping out your West Lucozia castle.”
“Your words prompted me to issue a nationwide decree, marking all Dragon Guard members as wanted after your demise.
“Surrendering might save them from a fatal fate, but those who resist will meet a destiny akin to yours,” Dustin said coldly.
“With the vast population on Earth, is it possible to kill them all? As long as there’s even one Dragon Guard member left, there remains a possibility of resurgence.
“I might not survive, but our spirit will endure eternally!” Reagan chuckled heartily.
“Really? Let’s find out if your resilience matches your words.” Then, Dustin raised his sword and swiftly beheaded Reagan.
Even in his demise, Reagan’s countenance displayed a contorted grin and insanity.
Dustin raised Reagan’s head, proclaiming to the sky, “I announce that as of today, the Dragon Guard no longer exists!”
###Chapter 1896 by Marina Vittori
Reagan was dead, and the Dragon Guard’s base lay in ruins. The entire organization had been eradicated, leaving only the scattered remnants with minimal threat potential.
Despite this, Dustin remained vigilant, having issued pre-emptive orders. Anyone linked to the Dragon Guard was now on his wanted list. Surrendering offered an opportunity for leniency, while resistance meant facing a grim fate.
Adam stepped forward and kicked Reagan’s lifeless body. Upon confirming Reagan’s demise, Adam smiled. “Hey, Bro, we finally got rid of this trouble. Congratulations!”
“Thanks to your 200 thousand White Tiger Army troops, which effectively blocked Reagan’s escape.
“Without that, this guy might have had a shot at survival.” Dustin conveyed his appreciation for the support.
Ending Reagan’s life had been daunting, and Dustin staked his own life. Still, Dustin was fortunate that he ultimately succeeded.
“I didn’t contribute significantly. If you feel grateful, express your thanks to Her Royal Highness,” Adam remarked, casting a suggestive smile over his shoulder.
He added, “She was visibly anxious and actively involved on your behalf. It seemed she was pushing us as if participating in a marathon.”
“What are you muttering about, Adam? “Grace approached, giving him a stern look.
“No, nothing at all. Simply commending your wisdom and beauty, “Adam replied with a flattering smile.
“Ugh, flattery won’t get you anywhere! “Grace rolled her eyes.
“Thank you, Your Royal Highness,” Dustin said, bowing in acknowledgment.
“Relax, no need for formality. We committed to supporting you, and we’ll follow through,” Grace said calmly.
She continued, “After all, Reagan was a mutual enemy. Helping you is akin to aiding my own cause, ultimately contributing to the greater good.”
“Your sense of justice, Your Royal Highness, is truly admirable,” Dustin remarked with a smile.
“Enough with the compliments. Although Reagan is dead, there are still matters to attend to, like Cinna…” She changed the topic.
“Cinna?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.” My people should have him surrounded. If the plan unfolds smoothly, we ought to capture him.”
“Cinna could prove valuable concerning our ives.” Grace hinted. She went on, “With Reagan no longer in the picture and the Dragon Guard destroyed, there are still some affiliated forces.
“If we manage to bring these forces under control, it will be beneficial in the future.”
“So, you’re suggesting using Cinna as a pawn to control the affiliated forces of the Dragon Guard, essentially having him work for me?” Dustin quickly grasped the idea.
“Exactly.” She nodded.
She added, “After the Dragon Guard falls, various forces in Dragonmarsh will be eyeing their territory. Dominant factions and opportunistic entities may resort to aggressive takeovers.
“It’s wiser to safeguard our interests rather than allowing others to capitalize on them.”
“You make a valid point, but I don’t trust Cinna,” Dustin said nonchalantly.
In his view, anyone who had been unfaithful to him remained untrustworthy. Since Cinna betrayed Dustin, their relationship had been marked by inevitable enmity.
Regardless of its reasons, the betrayal completely severed all ties between them.
“You don’t need to place your trust in Cinna. You can just simply manipulate him,” Grace said.
She added, “Cinna is married with a daughter and has been controlled by Reagan.
“With Reagan out of the picture, Cinna’s family is now in your hands. He is now at your disposal, so manipulate him as you see fit.”
Dustin calmly asserted, “His family should be spared from harm. While I may not claim to be a saint, I refuse to engage in such reprehensible actions.
“Otherwise, how would I differ from those individuals in the Dragon Guard?”
“I’m merely putting forth an idea. It’s entirely your decision how you choose to address it,” Grace responded with a subtle smile, opting not to delve deeper into the matter.
She was not only suggesting but also subtly assessed Dustin’s principles. To foster future collaboration, she needed to grasp his underlying core values. “Bro, your men are here.”
###Chapter 1897 by Marina Vittori
Adam subtly motioned toward the front, prompting Dustin to direct his gaze in that direction.
Before them emerged the Black Dragon Army, a formidable force of tens of thousands, fully armed and clad in black armor.
Each soldier wielded a menacing longsword, exuding an overwhelming sense of power and intimidation even from a distance.
This was the elite force of West Lucozia, known as the Black Dragon Army!
“It seems Cinna has been caught,” Grace noted. Her gaze narrowed as she noticed Austin guiding the Black Dragon Army.
Once assigned a retreat mission, Austin skillfully led the elite forces of the Dragon Guard into a meticulously set trap.
Possessing overwhelming numerical superiority, they decisively defeated the opposition, resulting in the death of over five thousand enemies and the capture of the remaining forces.
The approaching Black Dragon soldiers, marching in the thousands, produced an increasingly audible drumming sound.
Even the White Tiger Army stationed on the city walls couldn’t hide their unease, sensing the tension in the air.
The Black Dragon Army, rumored to be the most formidable in Dragonmarsh, fully lived up to its reputation, exuding a fierce and commanding presence.
Observing them firsthand erased any uncertainties regarding their legendary prowess.
“Logan, the mission is accomplished. Every remnant of the Dragon Guard has been captured, and none managed to escape,” Austin reported as he approached.
“Well done.” Dustin acknowledged with a nod. Austin surveyed the surroundings and inquired, “What about your side? Is Reagan dead?”
“He’s lost his head. You could say he’s quite lifeless,” Adam replied. He lightly kicked Reagan’s severed head, which had rolled to a stop at Austin’s feet.
“Ugh, getting a closer look at him only amplifies his hideousness. It’s no surprise he hid behind that mask.”
Austin spat on the ground. The hatred for someone who had assassinated his father and wreaked havoc in West Lucozia was deeply ingrained.
“Reagan is dead, and his elite forces are all captured. The Dragon Guard is officially eradicated.” Dustin heaved a sigh. His decade-long vendetta finally came to an end.
“Oh, by the way, here’s the traitor!”
Austin beckoned, and his men brought forth Cinna, bound and restrained. They shoved him in front of Dustin.
“Kneel!” Austin commanded, administering a quick kick to the back of Cinna’s knee.
With a muffled groan, Cinna fell to his knees.
“Cinna?” Dustin frowned, his demeanor growing somber. Dustin had regarded Cinna as family, but Cinna had deceived him and even put his life in danger. Such betrayal from a trusted family member pierced deeper than any retaliation from a foe.
###Chapter 1898 by Marina Vittori
“Your Highness?” Cinna kneeled on the ground, observing the frosty Dustin with mixed feelings. Cinna felt joy at the sight of Dustin but also carried a profound sense of guilt.
When the Black Dragon Army ambushed Cinna, he realized the dire state of the Dragon Guard. As anticipated, a retaliatory scheme ensued, resulting in the destruction of the Dragon Guard’s base and the death of Reagan.
Yet now, Cinna found himself in captivity. Surprisingly, he bore no grudges. Instead, a feeling of relief swept over him.
Despite being a part of the Dragon Guard, West Lucozia had been his home for countless years, with many individuals becoming like family.
His actions, often driven by necessity, had led to an ongoing internal conflict. His current situation seemed like a fitting consequence.
“Cinna, I bet this isn’t how you saw things playing out. Reagan didn’t make it, and neither did your plan. What do you have to say now?” Dustin said coldly.
“I have no words in the presence of defeat. If you decide to proceed with my execution, I’ll accept it. My only wish is that you spare the innocent,” Cinna pleaded.
“Do you think you have the right to negotiate with me?” Dustin replied impassively.
“I’ve committed a crime worthy of death, but my wife and daughter are innocent. They’ve done nothing wrong.
I beg you, please spare them,” Cinna pleaded, humbling himself and bowing before him.
“They are innocent, yet as a consequence of your deeds, they now carry the weight of your sins. Do you honestly think your family can escape unharmed after committing such heinous acts?” Dustin remained indifferent.
“Your Highness, I’m willing to make amends.” Cinna bowed desperately, displaying a palpable unease in his demeanor.
He added, “I am at your disposal for any service you may require, as long as you spare my family. I’ll do anything!”
His fear extended beyond personal well -being. His primary focus was safeguarding his family. The betrayal and choices he made were prompted by Reagan’s ruthless strategy of taking his wife and daughter hostage.
“Make amends? I’d like to hear how you plan to do that. How will you serve me?” Dustin inquired. Cinna lowered his head and said, “The Dragon Guard boasts a robust and well- established influence.
“In Dragonmarsh, three treasuries hold immense riches amassed over many decades, akin to the wealth of a small nation.
“I am prepared to disclose the whereabouts of all three treasuries, provided you spare my family.”
“Treasuries?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, showing a hint of interest.
The long-standing supremacy of the Dragon Guard suggested significant wealth. So, if he could acquire it, the Black Dragon Army would secure substantial funds for many years.
“Logan, this seems like a good deal to me. I believe it’s justifiable to exchange a handful of inconsequential lives for wealth that can compete with a nation’s.” Austin persuaded his brother.
“Tell me the locations of the treasuries. If what you say is true, I can consider sparing your family and even grant them a life of luxury,” Dustin said nonchalantly.
“Thank you, Your Highness!” Cinna bowed repeatedly.
“Don’t get too excited. While I might spare your family, I have no intention of sparing you. Your actions are unforgivable,” Dustin said coldly.
As an undercover agent of the Dragon Guard, Cinna not only betrayed Dustin but also played a part in the Aylka incident, making him an accomplice to the murder of Dustin’s mother.
The grudge ran deep, and the vendetta was personal.
“I understand. I carry the weight of my wrongdoings, and my demise is justified. As long as my family is safe, I’m ready to face the consequences,” Cinna declared earnestly.
Despite his numerous misdeeds, he held no remorse, as everything he did was for the sake of his wife and daughter.
“Good! I’ll give you another chance.” Dustin nodded.
“Now, tell me the exact locations of the treasuries.”
“I’m not certain about the precise whereabouts of the treasuries, but I know Reagan had a treasure map.
“This map details the exact positions of the three treasuries. Once you find the map, you’ll find them,” Cinna replied.
###Chapter 1899 by Marina Vittori
“Where’s the treasure map?” Dustin demanded.
“It’s in Reagan’s underground secret chamber. I can take you there,” Cinna replied.
“Underground secret chamber?”
Austin narrowed his eyes and warned in a low tone, “Cinna, I warn you not to play any tricks. Otherwise, I won’t hesitate to get tough on you.”
Secret chambers were usually equipped with potential traps and hidden weapons. He was concerned that Cinna might have some malicious intentions.
“Now that I’m backed into a corner, I won’t even think about deceiving you,” Cinna said, his expression filled with discomfort.
“Lead the way.” Dustin nodded, signaling his guards to escort Cinna.
Cinna suddenly said, “Wait, I need one of Reagan’s hands to open the secret chamber’s vault.”
“No problem!” Austin unsheathed his knife, swiftly severing Reagan’s right hand and handing it to Cinna.
“There you go, a gift for you.”
Cinna winced but stayed silent as he led the way.
Dustin and his companions trailed behind Cinna as they entered the base. When they reached the command room entrance, Cinna opened the door and casually strolled to a hanging painting.
He took it down, revealing a hidden compartment that blended seamlessly with the wall. Then, he pressed it lightly, and the entire wall split open, exposing an elevator.
Then, he led the group inside, pressed a button, and the doors closed smoothly as the elevator descended.
After about half a minute, the elevator abruptly stopped with a thud. The doors opened, revealing a spacious and luxurious underground chamber.
Despite being labeled a secret chamber, it resembled more of a luxurious mansion. It was decked out with various amenities and had enough supplies, including food and water, to last for decades.
“Is this some kind of fallout shelter?” Austin marveled at the luxury.
“Turning a shelter into a luxurious haven-Reagan spared no expense.”
“Why bother spending so much for this? I mean, he’s already dead,” Julius casually remarked.
“Uncle Julius, let’s not badmouth the departed. Weren’t you just about walking the same path as Reagan?” Austin quipped with a sly grin.
“This…” Julius hesitated momentarily, finding it awkward when his involvement in the elaborate scheme was brought up.
Despite putting his life on the line to penetrate Reagan’s inner circle, he bore the brunt of the responsibility for the greater good.
“Austin, show some respect,” Dustin said half-heartedly, trying to sound serious.
He added, “Uncle Julius went through so much, risking his life, facing hardships, and taking all the blame to cleanse the castle of treachery. It’s a noble deed, and we should appreciate what he did.”
Julius was rendered speechless, and his lips twitched. He couldn’t help but sense that the compliment sounded more like an insult to him.
###Chapter 1900 by Marina Vittori
“Cinna, why are you standing there? Lost in thought? Come on, we need to find that treasure map!” Julius, his face contorted with frustration, unleashed it all on Cinna.
“Okay.” Cinna promptly headed straight for the big alloy door. He took out Reagan’s severed hand and placed it on the central sensing area.
The heavy alloy door opened, revealing a metallic vault of about 300 square feet.
In the center was an impressive stack of gold bricks. Surrounding it were an assortment of precious rarities that were closely packed, each worth a fortune.
“This is Reagan’s private gold vault. Anything he took a liking to ended up in here,” Cinna said.
“Wow, look at all this treasure!” Austin exclaimed, glancing around in amazement. “Imagine if we cash in on this haul, we could practically own an entire city!”
“These treasures can’t compare to the three treasuries of the Dragon Guard. The treasures here are merely a drop in the ocean,” Cinna remarked seriously.
“Really?” Austin’s surprise and delight were evident.
“Are you telling me that the treasuries of the Dragon Guard are like massive piles of wealth?”
“I haven’t witnessed it firsthand. But considering the Dragon Guard’s wealth amassed over decades, calling their treasuries mountains wouldn’t be an overstatement,” Cinna stated earnestly.
“Okay… I can’t wait to get my hands on the Dragon Guard’s treasures!” Austin was excited.
“Let’s cut to the chase. Where’s that treasure map?” Julius inquired, his impatience evident.
“It’s here.” Cinna strolled over to a shelf toward the back. He reached for a sandalwood box and handed it over to Dustin carefully.
Dustin opened it to find three parchment maps.
Each map outlined a specific route, with a shiny golden mark pinpointing the treasury’s location at the center.
If they could trust the accuracy of the treasure map, following the outlined route seemed like the key to reaching the treasury.
“Your Highness, just a gentle reminder that the treasuries will have the watchful eyes of our skilled Dragon Guard warriors.
“They won’t open those treasuries unless the Chief Guild Master is around, “Cinna added.
“The Dragon Guard is history now. A handful of warriors won’t cause much trouble,” Dustin said casually.
“Your Highness, I’ve finished my task. Is it possible for me to visit my family one last time?” Cinna pleaded.
“I’ll give you three days. Spend some time with your family. After that, come back and be prepared to face the consequences,” Dustin stated coldly.
“Thank you, Your Highness,” Cinna said.
His face lit up with joy as he dropped to his knees and bowed to Dustin. Cinna figured three days should be enough for him to take care of everything.
It was a huge relief knowing he could ensure his family’s safety and fulfill his final wish at the same time.
“Albert, escort him out and ensure he leaves with dignity,” Dustin instructed.
“Yes, sir.” Albert nodded, freed Cinna from his shackles, and guided him out of the secret chamber.
“I can’t believe that the guy who seemed so loyal to West Lucozia turned out to be a traitor.” Austin shook his head in disbelief.
Dustin said calmly, “We all have to deal with the outcomes of our choices. He did what he believed was right, and now he has to accept the repercussions.
From Cinna’s point of view, he believed that any action was justified if it meant protecting his family. On the other hand, Dustin saw such treacherous behavior as entirely unforgivable.
###Chapter 1901 by Marina Vittori
“Exactly! Cinna took one misstep, and this is where it led him. His choices ultimately sealed his fate. Unlike someone in this room who still has a shot at redemption,” Austin remarked, casting a meaningful glance in Julius’ direction.
Rufus actively discouraged killing their own kin, and Julius was Austin’s uncle. Without these circumstances, the consequences of Julius’ rebellion would have been severe, even without significant losses.
Not even Julius’ death would have sufficed to alleviate the gravity of his actions.
Julius cleared his throat, sensing the intensity of Austin’s stare. Then, he quickly changed the subject. “Logan, these three treasuries are incredibly valuable with high stakes. So, how do you plan to deal with it?”
“Of course, we’re bringing everything back to West Lucozia. Did you think we’d just leave it for anyone to grab?” Austin said, rolling his eyes.
“We shouldn’t hog all three treasuries, “Dustin said, shaking his head.
He continued, “Taking down the Dragon Guard wasn’t just our doing. We had some outside help this time, and the benefits should be shared among everyone.”
“Shared? Logan, seriously?” Julius exclaimed, a mix of surprise and excitement in his voice.
He added, “You’ve heard what Cinna said earlier, right? The Dragon Guard’s vaults hold decades’ worth of treasures, enough to sustain a nation. This is an incredible opportunity, and you’re considering sharing it? Just what are you thinking?”
This time, wiping out the Dragon Guard was a remarkable accomplishment for Julius. It might even score him some extra commendations.
The more treasures West Lucozia acquired, the more perks he’d get. Of course, he wasn’t about to let go of that opportunity.
“While the treasures are enticing, upholding our principle is more important,” Dustin said calmly. “They came all the way to assist us. If we hoard the treasures, won’t we seem ungrateful?”
“Yeah, I understand, but do we have to share everything with them? Maybe just throw them a few token benefits,” Julius proposed.
“I’ve made up my mind. If you have any concerns, Uncle Julius, you can pass them on to Rufus and see how he deals with it,” Dustin stated impassively.
“You-” Julius’s face stiffened. He had never encountered someone so naive as to part with hard-earned riches.
“Uncle Julius, we shouldn’t judge others by our own standards. Logan’s way of thinking is unique. It’s not comparable to the usual mindset,” Austin said, fully backing Dustin’s decision despite having some reservations.
“Let’s go.” Dustin, not wanting to delve into the conversation any longer, simply closed the wooden box and gestured for Austin and the rest to follow him.
To him, gold, silver, and jewels held no value-they were merely material possessions. He believed the path ahead would only become more challenging if even friendships could be betrayed.
Back outside, Dustin took out two treasure maps, handing one to Adam and another to Grace.
“What’s the meaning of this, buddy?” Adam looked puzzled, examining the treasure map.
“The Dragon Guard has three treasuries, and each treasure corresponds to one treasure map. Since there are three of us, we each get our hands on one of those treasuries,” Dustin explained.
“Seriously? You’re just handing out treasures like it’s no big deal?” Adam’s eyes widened in disbelief.
“Without your help in taking down the Dragon Guard, things wouldn’t have gone as smoothly as they did,” Dustin said.
“Well, okay. I’ll gladly accept your generous offer.” Adam didn’t hesitate and tucked the treasure map away.
Grace glanced at the treasure map before handing it back to Dustin. “I don’t need this thing. You can keep it.”
Dustin replied, “Don’t get me wrong here. I’m not handing this over to you.”
He smiled and added, “I’m planning to present it to the royal family as a gesture of goodwill, hoping to receive their continual support.”
He was adamant about offering the treasure map to Grace.
Grace hesitated. “This-”
“Your Royal Highness, it’s a gesture of goodwill from Dustin. Don’t be shy,” Adam reassured.
He added, “We’re looking forward to working together in the future, so there will be plenty of chances for collaboration.”
“Okay, I express gratitude on behalf of my father.” Grace nodded and accepted the treasure map.
###Chapter 1902 by Marina Vittori
After handing out the treasure maps, Dustin and his team got to work and efficiently organized the Dragon Guard’s base.
The base’s location was pretty strategic, hidden, and easy to defend. It gave them a tactical edge as it sat right on the border between two nations.
It made sense to turn this stronghold into a military fortress. That way, it could be a strategic hub for launching surprise maneuvers in future conflicts with Western nations.
It wasn’t an urgent need, but being prepared ahead of time was always a smart move. After sorting out these issues, Dustin and his team returned to the West Lucozia castle.
With the threat eliminated and victory secured, Rufus, the Prince of West Lucozia, arranged a lavish feast at the castle. He invited everyone who played a part in resolving the recent events.
The whole castle was alive with excitement, inside and out. Everyone was thrilled to hear that Rufus had survived.
The additional news of wiping out the remaining Dragon Guard members only added to the joy, turning it into a moment deserving of celebration.
As the night set in, the castle came alive with activity. Distinguished guests and notable figures from West Lucozia-generals, high officials, and influential personalities-came together for a lively evening of feasting and celebration.
“Allow me to say a few words as one of the youngest here.” Austin stood up and raised his glass to address the crowd.
“Thank you for standing by the castle during its challenging moments. Your commitment and assistance have been truly priceless. Here’s a toast to all of you.”
With that, he downed his drink in one go.
“Your Highness, no need for all the formalities. As West Lucozia’s subjects, we stand by the castle no matter what. Our actions were just what we ought to do,” Wyatt, the Marquis of Sunfire, replied with a faint smile.
“He’s right. We’ve been by His Highness’ side for years, through thick and thin. When the castle faced danger, it was only natural for us to step in. We gave it our all, and we’d do it all over again if the situation called for it!” echoed Tyrus, the Marquis of Ravenwood, raising his glass.
Though he was driven by his own interests, he still placed great importance on connections. He couldn’t help but feel genuinely pleased about the successful suppression of the rebellion, the elimination of the Dragon Guard, and the restoration of power.
“Excellent!” Austin laughed. “With dedicated and honorable people like you, West Lucozia is bound to thrive! Come, everyone, cheers!”
He filled his wine glass again, raised it in a toast to the crowd, and downed it.
“Cheers!”
Glasses clinked as everyone raised their drinks in a toast, and the atmosphere buzzed with liveliness. They all breathed a sigh of relief as Rufus narrowly escaped danger. With Dustin’s return to West Lucozia, it seemed like the future of this region was set to prosper.
“Before we continue the celebration, I’d like to say a few words,” Rufus said as he rose from his seat with a smile.
He continued, “I want to express my gratitude for your loyalty and bravery, which played a crucial role in keeping the castle safe. It’s been an honor working alongside every one of you.”
“To serve Your Highness is our honor.”
“Yes! Thanks to Your Highness, we’re relishing these wonderful times. All the wealth and prosperity we’re experiencing today, it’s all thanks to Your Highness.”
“No matter what happens, we pledge our unwavering loyalty to Your Highness!”
Various generals and high officials echoed their sentiments.
“Alright, I understand your sentiments. “Rufus nodded with a smile. He added, “Besides expressing my gratitude, I have an announcement to make. I intend to choose a successor and abdicate the throne.”
At this declaration, a sudden hush fell over everyone.
###Chapter 1903 by Marina Vittori
For a moment, the people exchanged puzzled glances.
While most of them were aware that Rufus wasn’t in the best of health, they believed he still had several years ahead of him.
Rufus deciding to step down just as they had resolved all their issues caught everyone off guard.
“Rufus, aren’t you moving this too hastily?” Eloise advised.
“I agree, Your Highness. You’re full of vigor and likely to live a long life. There’s no need to step down at this time,” Wyatt said with straightforward honesty.
While the others were filled with uncertainty, they dared not speak. They were afraid of offending the future Prince if they urged Rufus to stay on the throne.
Those wise enough knew it was best to remain silent and observe the unfolding situation.
“I know my condition best. I don’t have much time left. With everyone gathered here, it is my final wish to make arrangements for the time after my departure,” Rufus said with a faint smile.
“Rufus-” Eloise began to speak, but Rufus raised a hand to stop her.
“Alright, enough now. I’ve made my decision. There’s no need to try to change my mind.”
Rufus turned back to the crowd and addressed them solemnly, “Dear all, selecting the heir to the throne is an important matter that impacts the future of West Lucozia. I cannot make this decision alone.
“I’d like to ask all of you here. Who do you believe is most qualified to take on my role in the future?”
“Uh…” The crowd shifted uncomfortably at his question. It appeared like Rufus was contemplating an internal vote, and whoever garnered the most support would be the future Prince of West Lucozia.
Now, the question was, who should they choose? Logan or Austin?
In terms of talent and skills, Logan undoubtedly had the upper hand. However, when taking familial background into consideration, Austin held a distinct advantage.
To begin with, Austin’s promising future was undeniable, owing to his exceptional performance in the military over the past years.
Additionally, his mother, Eloise, was the eldest Princess of Dragonmarsh.
She held substantial influence not only in West Lucozia but also in Oakvale. The forces allied with her were even more formidable.
From a comprehensive standpoint, it was evident that Austin stood a greater chance of assuming the throne. After all, the key factor in becoming the new Prince lay in amassing a multitude of supporters instead of merely having remarkable capabilities.
“Your Highness, I personally believe that Prince Austin is most suitable to assume the throne.” A Black Dragon Army general suddenly stood up.
“I agree!”
A second general from the Black Dragon Army stood up and declared, ” We’ve witnessed Prince Austin’s performance in the military in recent years. His excellent performance far surpassed us old generals.
“I believe it would undoubtedly be a good decision for West Lucozia to be entrusted to Prince Austin!”
“Absolutely! All of us support Prince Austin as the Prince of West Lucozia!” More people began to chime in.
On the one hand, it was due to his outstanding qualities, and on the other hand, it had to do with Princess Eloise’s influence.
“How about the others?” Rufus didn’t comment and glanced around instead.
“Your Highness, I have a different opinion.” Right then, Lincon, the Marquis of Riverside, spoke up.
“Even though Prince Austin is outstanding, there is still room for improvement when compared to Prince Logan. Therefore, I believe Prince Logan is more fitting to be the Prince of West Lucozia.”
###Chapter 1904 by Marina Vittori
Lincon’s statement drew many curious glances. Anyone smart enough could clearly tell that Austin had more supporters. Therefore, selecting Austin would be the wisest choice.
As the brains behind West Lucozia, Lincon was seen as the strategic advisor of the region. It appeared rather unusual for him to go against the trend and support Logan.
“Sir Lincon, I respectfully disagree.”
Tyrus countered, “Prince Logan’s martial talent is indeed unparalleled in West Lucozia. However, the title of Prince of West Lucozia is not merely bestowed upon a formidable warrior.
“Prince Austin, on the other hand, not only excels in both martial and literary arts, but he also has widespread support. Having years to hone his skills in the military, he has demonstrated excellence in various aspects.
“If Prince Austin assumes the throne, he will undoubtedly lead West Lucozia into an era of prosperity like never before!”
Austin was the King’s nephew and also his future son-in-law. Given the impending marriage between both families, Tyrus was unwavering in his support for Austin.
That was because once Austin became the Prince, his daughter would be the Princess, and his status would naturally be elevated alongside them.
“I agree with Sir Storm,” voiced a general from the Black Dragon Army.
“I acknowledge Prince Logan’s excellence, but His Highness has been absent from West Lucozia for many years and is no longer familiar with the intricate affairs of our region.
“However, Prince Austin is different. His Highness grew up here and has a comprehensive understanding of all aspects, be it personal connections or military affairs.
“Therefore, having Prince Austin assume the throne is the most fitting choice.”
“That’s right! Prince Logan’s prolonged absence makes it challenging for him to win the hearts of our people. I support Prince Austin as our future ruler!”
At that moment, most of the military generals began to choose sides. Despite Logan’s exceptional abilities, his prolonged absence had created a sense of unfamiliarity among them.
On the contrary, although Austin had been less reliable in the past, his outstanding performance in recent years and their familiarity with him played a significant role.
Considering Austin’s character, the generals believed he was unlikely to jeopardize their interests once he assumed the role of Prince.
For them, choosing the Prince boiled down to a simple calculation of weighing the pros and cons.
“Prince Logan possesses extraordinary talent and vision. His future achievements are bound to surpass even those of Prince Rufus. I believe that most present here are well aware of this. My choice remains to support Prince Logan,” Lincon asserted once more.
His support for Logan wasn’t solely driven by gratitude toward Princess Alba. He genuinely believed that Logan would be the ideal Prince of West Lucozia. In his view, Logan had the potential to surpass even Rufus of the past.
“Prince Austin has my support!” Tyrus declared loudly.
“Prince Austin has my support as well! “The Black Dragon Army general followed suit.
“Prince Austin has all of our support!” dozens of influential figures echoed in agreement. It appeared as if there was overwhelming support for Austin compared to Logan.
“Adam, what do you think?” Rufus, yet to reveal his stance, turned his attention to Adam instead, who was in the midst of dining.
Adam’s two hundred thousand White Tiger Army had already returned to their stations, but he took the opportunity to relax, planning to linger around West Lucozia castle for a few days.
Now, Rufus’ unexpected question in front of everyone left him bewildered. He had been enjoying his meal and didn’t anticipate being interrupted.
Sensing the crowd’s attention, Adam wiped his mouth with a napkin and said with a smile, “Your Highness, I’m merely an outsider. It would be improper of me to intervene in matters within West Lucozia.”
###Chapter 1905 by Marina Vittori
Rufus smiled. “No need to be so reserved. Today is a private gathering, and everyone here is part of the family. Feel free to express your thoughts openly. There’s no need to hold back.”
“Since Prince Rufus has spoken, I won’t decline,” Adam said.
He rose slowly, offering a courteous nod to those around him before speaking. “These are my personal views. If they inadvertently cause offense, I hope everyone here won’t take it to heart.”
“God of Military, you’re too humble. You’re an important contributor to the nation’s strength, and your insights undoubtedly carry extraordinary weight.”
“Absolutely, God of Military. Why don’t you enlighten us on your preferred candidate?” The crowd chimed in with curiosity.
Adam’s significance required no explanation. As Dragonmarsh’s God of Military and the future heir of the royal Spanner family, his influence was immense.
Surveying the room, he stood among the most distinguished attendees.
“Very well, I shall express my thoughts, “Adam began, clearing his throat before speaking earnestly.
“Taking into consideration Logan’s comprehensive abilities and virtuous principles, I find him to be better suited for the role of the Prince of West Lucozia.
“Certainly, Logan is not without his flaws. Firstly, his prolonged absence from West Lucozia has left him unfamiliar with the current state of affairs.
“Secondly, he lacks a strong foundation here, making it challenging to garner widespread support.
“Yet, let us not overlook the fact that Prince Rufus himself started from humble beginnings. No one believed in him initially, but look what happened.
“Prince Rufus, through his exceptional personal abilities, expanded the territory of West Lucozia, earning renown and achieving the esteemed status he holds today.
“Disregarding other factors, Logan’s personal capabilities are by no means inferior to those of Prince Rufus in his early days. It would be difficult to find anyone comparable not only in West Lucozia but throughout Dragonmarsh.
“I firmly believe that given time, Logan has the potential to be a remarkable Prince for West Lucozia and lead you all to greater heights.
“This is my stance. If anyone has a different opinion, please feel free to voice it. I have shared my thoughts.”
With that, Adam returned to his seat with a gracious smile and resumed his meal. Nevertheless, Adam’s words stirred a subtle ripple among the gathering and altered the perspectives of some.
Many of them had been loyal followers of Rufus for a considerable time and were intimately acquainted with his journey. The undeniable truth was that Logan bore the closest resemblance to Rufus in many aspects.
Logan exhibited exceptional prowess in both intellect and martial skills. He had also evolved from his impulsive nature to a more mature demeanor through the trials of external challenges over the years.
Putting aside various other considerations, it was apparent that Logan appeared more fitting for the role of the Prince compared to Austin.
However, the matter of the throne held substantial weight, impacting the interests of many. Therefore, any decision had to be approached with careful consideration.
“Julius, who do you think is more suitable, Logan or Austin?” After asking Adam, Rufus shifted his attention to Julius beside him.
“Rufus, I am but a criminal. I’m not qualified to comment.” Julius said, shaking his head repeatedly.
Even though he had redeemed himself through his contributions, many remained dissatisfied with his previous behavior. Even as he sat down for a meal, the piercing gazes of many were fixed upon him, seemingly eager to tear him apart.
It would be wise not to place himself in the limelight at this time.
“We’re all family here, just having a casual chat. There’s no need to feel burdened,” Rufus said with a smile.
After a moment of hesitation, Julius finally said, “Spiritually, my support lies with Austin. However, if I really had to choose, I would probably lean toward Logan.”
###Chapter 1906 by Marina Vittori
Julius’ remarks attracted many sidelong glances. As the former Grand General of the Iron Stallion Cavalry, while his character was highly controversial, his capabilities were unquestionable.
After all, he was only able to assume his current position through numerous hard-fought battles.
If someone as charismatic and visionary as Julius similarly believed that Logan was the most suitable for the throne, they would have to reassess their views.
Initially, they supported Austin because of Logan’s perceived lack of influence. However, that didn’t seem to be the case now.
With the support of influential figures like Adam, the God of Military, and Julius, the Iron Stallion Cavalry Grand General, many were reconsidering their decisions.
“Julius, could you please elaborate on your reasons for choosing Logan?” Rufus asked with a smile.
“My reasons are similar to Sergeant Spanner’s. I value a person’s talent and capability.”
Julius earnestly explained, “In the recent eradication of the Dragon Guard remnants, I believe each of you witnessed how Logan successfully took out the cunning Reagan Judd through his strategic planning and execution.
“At the same time, he managed to seize all the treasures belonging to the Dragon Guard. This is an undeniably significant achievement.
“In essence, Logan possesses both bravery and strategic acumen, making him the best candidate for the throne.
“As for Austin, he’s more than qualified to be the Grand General. But as a Prince, he still falls short in comparison.”
Before Rufus could respond, Tyrus rose angrily and rebuked, “Nonsense! The success in eliminating the remnants of the Dragon Guard wasn’t solely Prince Logan’s achievement. Prince Austin had also made significant contributions.
“How would the plan have proceeded smoothly without Prince Austin’s assistance? In terms of talent and capability, Prince Austin is absolutely comparable to Prince Logan. He is also younger and has more potential!”
“Sir Storm, there’s no need to get worked up. This is a family conversation, and I was just speaking
casually. I have no decision-making power. The real authority lies with my brother,” Julius responded calmly.
While he never intended to get involved, Julius sensed Rufus’ clear preference for Logan and went along with it to show his support.
After all, their opinions were merely suggestions, and the ultimate decision rested with Rufus.
“You didn’t express yourself clearly, which could easily lead to misunderstandings. I have to clarify your explanations,” Tyrus said coldly.
How did a traitor dare speak so shamelessly? What a complete lack of awareness.
“I’ve heard all of your suggestions,” Rufus spoke again, interrupting the discussions.
“Some of you are in favor of Logan, while others support Austin. This indicates that both my sons are exceptionally outstanding. However, there’s only one throne, and I must choose only one of them.”
With that, Rufus shifted his attention to Logan and Austin. “Logan, Austin, do you think you have the capability to take on the role?”
“Dad, I can’t be the Prince since I lack the knowledge and experience. You should pass it to Logan,” Austin stated bluntly.
As long as Dustin was around, he would never think about becoming the Prince. To him, family was much more important than the throne.
However, his sincere declaration left his supporters anxious. Tyrus and the others, in particular, displayed noticeable shifts in their expressions.
What kind of joke was this?
After ardently supporting Austin for the throne, he now voluntarily relinquished it when the throne was within reach. What was wrong with him?
“And you, Logan?” Rufus asked. 1
“I’m not interested in the throne. I’ve only returned to eliminate the remnants of the Dragon Guard. With that problem dealt with, I have no more reason to stay.
“I’ll be leaving in a few days, so it’s most fitting for Austin to assume the throne,” Logan commented indifferently.
###Chapter 1907 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?” The crowd was dumbfounded by Dustin’s response and exchanged perplexed glances.
What was going on?
The position of the Prince of West Lucozia was an immensely prestigious role, a supreme authority coveted by countless individuals.
Based on previous successions, they had expected the two brothers to engage in a ruthless struggle for the throne.
Why were things taking such an unexpected turn?
Not only were they not competing for the throne, but they were also willingly relinquishing it. It was as if the throne held no significance to them.
Never in history had they witnessed such an occurrence. At that moment, both Austin’s and Logan’s supporters were frozen in disbelief. They stood there, mouths agape, uncertain of how to react.
While they passionately debated in support of their chosen prince, the brothers were turning away from the throne instead. Was this some kind of joke?
“Logan, didn’t we agree on this? You would take the throne, and I would serve as your general to assist you. Why are you singing a different tune now?” Austin expressed his discontent.
“When did we ever agree on that? I never committed to anything,” Dustin replied indifferently.
He added, “I’m used to a lazy life and don’t like being tied down. The throne is a burden for me. Besides, you have more supporters than I do. It’s more fitting for you to be the Prince.”
“Fitting my foot!” Austin snapped. ” I’m aware of my capabilities. I’m simply not cut out to be the Prince.”
He continued, “But you’re different. You excel in every aspect. You’re the perfect heir, the only one with the ability to inherit the empire our father built.”
“Austin, don’t underestimate yourself. You’re not inferior to me. Given time, you’ll become a great leader. Passing the throne to you is the wisest choice.”
“I don’t care! Anyway, you must become the Prince of West Lucozia!” Austin slammed the table in frustration.
“It’s no use forcing me. I don’t have grand ambitions, noble ideals, or the determination to be the Prince. So, I won’t take the throne.” Dustin shook his head once more.
He had no desire to dominate the world, nor did he want to dedicate himself to the country and its people like his father. He simply wanted to live his own life and walk his own path, unrestrained, enjoying a carefree existence.
“Logan, If you won’t take the throne, then I won’t either. We’ll just leave West Lucozia without a successor!” Austin declared defiantly.
The others were left in shocked silence. Why did it sound like the throne did not represent wealth, power, and prestige? Rather, it seemed like a hot potato that no one wanted.
“If you two spoiled brats don’t want it, you could just give it to me!” Julius’ eyes twitched as he grumbled silently.
He had fought with his life and risked everything to assume the throne. But in the brothers’ eyes, the coveted throne was worthless, and no one was willing to take it.
At that moment, he felt like a clown. His previous efforts had turned into a complete joke.
###Chapter 1908 by Marina Vittori
Though Julius was displeased, he dared not speak. While the two brothers continuously declined the throne, unwilling to become the Prince, the reality was that the throne could only be claimed by one of them.
Julius was aware of this fact and dared not entertain improper thoughts lest he meet the same fate as Reagan.
“That’s enough, you rascals! I’m allowing you to inherit the throne, and you act as if it’s a punishment. Is it that difficult to accept?” Rufus scolded, irritated by Dustin’s and Austin’s behaviors.
Neither of his sons wanted the throne, making it seem as if the position was worthless. Rufus felt embarrassed to have this many dignitaries witness the spectacle.
“I’m really not interested. You might as well pass it to Austin.” Dustin shrugged.
“I’m incapable of taking up the responsibility. The Prince of West Lucozia has to be you!” Austin asserted sternly.
“Silence! Both of you!”
Rufus slammed the table and snapped, “I will decide on this matter and will not tolerate your stubbornness! If it weren’t for my ailing health, you would have had to wait a few more years for the throne!”
Seeing Rufus upset, Austin kept his mouth shut. However, his determined expression revealed his stance. Dustin, on the other hand, remained indifferent.
It took Rufus a couple of deep breaths to calm down. Forcing a smile, he addressed the group, “My sons are not meeting expectations, and I apologize for the spectacle. Let’s talk about the throne another time. Tonight, let’s just enjoy the food and drinks.”
“Come on, everyone, let’s raise our glasses!” Wyatt chimed in with a smile, attempting to diffuse the tension.
He remained impartial and supported Rufus’ decision, whichever that might be. Gradually, the frosty atmosphere dissipated, but the assembly was now divided into three camps.
Led by Lincon, the Marquis of Riverside, a faction emerged in support of Logan. Led by Tyrus, the Marquis of Ravenwood, another faction emerged in support of Austin.
The remaining people, headed by Wyatt, the Marquis of Sunfire, maintained a neutral stance. They chose not to participate in the struggle for the throne and would pledge allegiance to whoever took charge.
Although their decision would not bring them any advantages, it spared them from any unnecessary risks.
After the celebratory feast, everyone returned home.
Rufus summoned Dustin to his study. After a decade apart, the father and son could finally have a peaceful conversation.
Two cups of tea were served, and Rufus broached the topic first. “Logan, now that you’ve settled an old score and fulfilled your long-standing desire, isn’t it time to come back home?”
“I’m back now, aren’t I?” Dustin picked up his cup of tea and blew on it lightly.
“You know what I mean. I meant settling down for the long term, not just staying for a few days,” Rufus said.
“I still have things to do.”
Dustin spoke without hesitation, “I promised Grace to help her in her search of the Dracan essences after wiping out the Dragon Guard. Now that everything is resolved, it’s time I fulfill my promise.”
“I can send someone to help you search for the Dracan essences. There’s no need for you to go personally,” Rufus suggested.
###Chapter 1909 by Marina Vittori
“This is not something your men can help me with. Besides, this was a promise I made, and I can’t just break it,” Dustin said, sipping on his tea.
With the Celestial Eye, he had a significantly higher success rate in searching for the Dracan essence. For anyone else, it would be like searching for a needle in a haystack.
“Fine, you’re free to pursue the Dracan essences. But what about after you find it?” Rufus asked again.
“I’ll cross that bridge when I get to it. I haven’t thought that far ahead.” Dustin shook his head.
“Since you haven’t considered it, I’ll take the liberty of doing so for you!”
Rufus asserted sternly, “Once you fulfill your promise, you’ll return home and assume the throne. I’ll ensure everything is well-arranged to spare you any concerns.”
“I told you. I don’t want the throne,” Dustin refused outright.
“You’re my son. If you don’t become the Prince, who will? Austin?” Rufus snapped.
“Austin is talented in all aspects. So, why not?” Dustin retorted.
“Austin is undeniably outstanding. However, his skills are better suited for the role of Grand General, not the Prince of West Lucozia!”
Rufus continued solemnly, “Even though West Lucozia wields great power, internal conflicts are rampant.
“Once I’m no longer here, various factions will vie for control, and dangers will surround us from all directions.
“How is Austin supposed to keep them at bay? Entrusting him with such a responsibility would only expose him to significant risks!”
“And how can you be certain that I can handle them?” Dustin countered.
“You are destined for greatness and possess a great amount of luck. There is no one more suited to be The Prince of West Lucozia than you in the entire world.
“I’m not the only one who thinks that way. Even the people in Oakvale share the same view. Once you assume the throne, you’ll stabilize the overall situation.
“If anything happens to West Lucozia in the future, you’ll be able to shoulder the heavy burden!” Rufus declared determinedly.
“So, essentially, what you need is a pawn to bring stability to the situation, “Dustin remarked, frowning slightly.
“Logan, everyone’s destiny is unique, and from the day you were born, you were destined for greatness,” Rufus spoke with a mix of emotions.
“You’ll be able to accomplish many things and save countless lives. Every action and decision you make, no matter how small, determines the life and death of countless people.
“I’m not asking you to sacrifice yourself for others. I just hope you’ll stop avoiding it and accept your role calmly. It wasn’t easy for West Lucozia to get this far today.
“It’s the result of years of hard work between your mother and me. If possible, I hope you can carry forward our aspirations.”
“If Mother were alive, she probably wouldn’t force me to do something I don’t like,” Dustin remarked casually.
“You-” Rufus began, struggling to find the right words. Eventually, his words transformed into a long sigh, and he looked profoundly weary. It was as if his energy had been drained away.
“You’re right. I was too impatient. I shouldn’t have pushed you.” Rufus forced a smile.
With a somber expression, he continued, “I always envisioned you as the perfect successor, capable of taking over West Lucozia, leading the Rhys family to glory, and ensuring the well- being of the people.
“I was considering the big picture but neglected your feelings. In retrospect, what matters most is that you’re safe and happy. It’s not important whether you become the Prince.
“I was wrong. I shouldn’t have imposed my wishes on you. So, I will support whatever decision you make. No matter what it is that you decide to do. I just hope that when you have the time, you can visit home more often.”
Dustin found himself at a loss for words upon hearing Rufus. As he gazed at his father’s graying hair and weathered face, a swirl of mixed emotions enveloped him.
For the first time, he questioned if he made the right decision. Born into the lap of luxury in West Lucozia, he wondered if the time had come for him to shoulder some responsibilities.
###Chapter 1910 by Marina Vittori
“Alright, it’s getting late. You should go back to your room and rest,” Rufus said wearily, waving his hand.
The decision to appoint his eldest son as the heir to the throne was not only because he recognized his capabilities. He was also driven by a sense of guilt, wanting to make amends.
Unfortunately, Dustin lacked ambition and harbored no aspirations to rise above others. Therefore, Rufus refrained from pressing too hard.
As a dying man, his only wish was for the well-being and happiness of his sons. The rest was no longer a concern.
Dustin opened his mouth as if to speak but ultimately remained silent. He then stood up and left.
He had no desire to become the next prince, at least not now. To the outside world, the title of Prince of West Lucozia symbolized supreme power, boundless wealth, glory, and the pinnacle of prestige. However, to Dustin, it represented a burdensome role.
Assuming the throne meant bearing an overwhelming load. He would no longer be able to consider only himself. His responsibilities would extend to include all of West Lucozia and its people.
Being just an ordinary man, Dustin felt incapable of shouldering such a heavy responsibility. Thus, he decided to be selfish just this once.
In the ensuing days, Dustin spent his time within the castle. After quelling the rebellion, which included the eradication of the Dragon Guard, countless trivial matters demanded attention.
Since Rufus was not in good health, Dustin took on his father’s responsibilities, fulfilling his duty as the son. The first task on Dustin’s list was Julius ‘affairs. Dustin offered him two options.
The first option was for Julius to surrender his military insignia and remain within West Lucozia. He could enjoy the leisure life of a noble, strolling through parks, engaging in horseback riding and archery, and living a life of wealth and luxury.
The only condition was that he couldn’t maintain any affiliated forces, and the number of his guards must not exceed one hundred.
The second option allowed Julius to leave West Lucozia with a substantial sum of wealth and establish himself elsewhere.
Regardless of the outcome, he would bear the full responsibility, and the monarchy would refrain from interfering.
It was easy to understand what the two options pertained-either lead an idle life or venture forth into uncertainty.
Dustin only extended the privilege of choice to Julius primarily due to their familial relationship and his significant role in the successful elimination of the Dragon Guard.
Ultimately, after considering the advantages and disadvantages, Julius opted for the second alternative-to set out on a new journey.
He preferred taking his chances outside of West Lucozia rather than leading a mundane life within.
Perhaps one day, he could rise again and establish his own sphere of influence. A highly ambitious person, Julius was unwilling to be subservient indefinitely.
He would rather lead a humble organization than be a follower within a prosperous one. He was going to seize control of his own destiny.
Respecting Julius’ decision, Dustin provided him with a substantial sum of money and personally bid him farewell from West Lucozia. Their paths diverged from that point onward, with no anticipation of further interaction.
After settling matters with Julius, Dustin proceeded to prison to confront Elijah and the Northern Four Sovereigns.
Rufus had been merciful and promised not to end their lives. It was a promise that Dustin upheld. However, their escape from the death penalty didn’t grant them immunity from punishment.
Whether it was Elijah or the Northern Four Sovereigns, they had committed the grave offense of leading a rebellion and mobilizing their forces, resulting in severe ramifications.
Naturally, they would not be let off easily. Otherwise, their actions would set a precedent and plunge West Lucozia into chaos.
Therefore, Dustin decided to confiscate their assets as punishment. Firstly, they were stripped of their official positions, and all accumulated wealth over the years was seized.
Moreover, anyone who had benefited from the five individuals shared the same fate-complete confiscation of assets.
As a way to ease public concerns, all the funds seized from them would be allocated to local development and distributed among the people.
Ultimately, aside from the confiscation of assets, the Northern Four Sovereigns were sentenced to prison for 20 years. Elijah, facing a life sentence, would spend the remainder of his days behind bars.
###Chapter 1911 by Marina Vittori
The main reason was that Dustin detested traitors, and backstabbing individuals deserved harsh punishment.
After dealing with the five rebels, the remaining generals who had sided with the rebellion faced various consequences. Depending on whether they had voluntarily participated or were coerced, they were either demoted, assimilated into the monarchy’s forces, or sent to prison.
In the course of addressing the rebellion, Dustin also tasked Albert with leading a unit of the Draken Guardians to the Dragon Guard’s hidden treasure vault based on directions from the treasure map.
The entire process went smoothly. Despite the presence of the Dragon Guard’s elite fighters, they proved no match for the ultimate grandmaster, Albert.
With ease, he wiped out the remnants of the Dragon Guard and brought back all the treasures from the vault.
Cinna had told the truth. The treasures inside the vault were piled up like mountains. It took the monarchy over a hundred large trucks and tens of thousands of men to clear out the vault completely.
The sheer quantity and value of the treasures were beyond calculation. A conservative estimate suggested that the West Lucozian military expenses could be covered for the next 20 years.
With a single vault containing so much riches, the three vaults combined would be enough to rival a small kingdom.
The first thing Dustin did when the treasures were brought back was to distribute rewards based on merit.
Three of the Southern Four Sovereigns -Lincon, the Marquis of Riverside; Wyatt, the Marquis of Sunfire; and Tyrus, the Marquis of Ravenwood- received substantial rewards for their significant contributions.
Generals and soldiers under their command were also granted various degrees of rewards.
After concluding all the affairs, three days had passed.
During Dustin’s afternoon meal, he received an unexpected visit from Albert, who carried a wooden box in his hands.
“Your Highness, I have something to report,” Albert announced with a bow, exuding an air of utmost deference.
“Sit down and talk.” Dustin gestured, inviting Albert to take a seat.
“I wouldn’t dare.”
Albert noticed the dishes on the table and said with his head still lowered, “It seems Your Highness is having your meal. I’ll return later.”
“It’s alright. Just say what you need to say.” Dustin didn’t mind being interrupted.
“Yes, Your Highness,” Albert replied and placed the box on a nearby chair.
He reported, “Cinna Shaffer has fulfilled his promise and ended his life. This box contains his head. Would you like to inspect it for yourself?”
Dustin’s utensils halted midair, and a fleeting expression of regret crossed his eyes. However, he quickly regained his composure.
“No need. Send it back and ensure he receives a proper burial,” Dustin said calmly.
“Yes, Your Highness.”
Albert picked up the wooden box and was about to leave when Dustin raised his head and added, “Don’t make things difficult for his family.”
“I understand.” Albert nodded and excused himself.
“Yet another departure,” Dustin said, sighing softly. A mix of emotions flitted across his face.
While he harbored disdain for Cinna’s betrayal, he understood his decision. From a different perspective, Cinna had acted to safeguard his family, and in that light, he had committed no wrongdoing.
They merely had different stances and made opposing decisions.
###Chapter 1912 by Marina Vittori
After lunch, Dustin received an unexpected call from Grace. She had something important to discuss, and they were to meet at the old house in the western city.
Dustin had acquired this particular residence specifically for the training of undercover agents. These women, once victims of Russo’s abuses, willingly joined the West Lucozia undercover agent camp.
They were prepared to sacrifice their lives to make sure no one else would go through the same experiences they did. Dustin admired their sense of justice and honored their wishes.
Under Rodrigo’s training, these women had been inducted as official agents. However, they still required at least three years of further development before they could take on missions.
Dustin fervently hoped that he would never have to deploy them as it would signify peace in the region. Undercover agents were only deployed in the face of potential threats and only had a 10% survival rate.
Half an hour later, Dustin arrived at the old house in the western city and entered the meeting room where Grace had long been waiting.
Grace wore a green dress that day, her beautiful face still concealed by a veil. Even with her features hidden, her alluring figure exuded undeniable charm, sparking the imagination of those around her.
“You’re here. Have a seat,” Grace said, pouring Dustin a cup of tea.
“What is it that you need to discuss, Your Highness?” Dustin said as he took a seat.
“Why do you sometimes address me that way? Aren’t we considered close now?” Grace smirked.
“How should I address you then? Ms. Linsor? Princess Grace?” Dustin was puzzled.
“Come on! Haven’t you been calling me Grace all this time?” Grace rolled her eyes.
“I was just worried that you might not like it. Fine, Grace, then.” Dustin shrugged.
Dustin guessed they could address each other more familiarly since they’d had life-and-death experiences together.
“Hmph! Why does it seem like you don’t like it?” Grace narrowed her beautiful eyes.
“What do you mean? Of course, I’m delighted. It’s my honor to be friends with the Princess of Dragonmarsh.”
Dustin gave her a professionally courteous smile.
“Hmph! I don’t feel the sincerity!”
Grace grumbled but didn’t dwell on it too much. Instead, she immediately revealed the reason for their meeting, ” I invited you here today mainly to discuss our next steps.
“West Lucozia has now been stabilized, and the remnants of the Dragon Guard have been wiped out. According to our previous agreement, it’s time for you to help me search for the Dracan essences.
“Don’t worry, I will fulfill my promise. As soon as there is information on the Dracan essences, I’ll leave with you immediately to investigate,” Dustin replied earnestly.
He had a rough idea of her intentions the moment she called. However, with no information or leads on the whereabouts of the Dracan essences, he couldn’t just roam around aimlessly like a headless chicken.
“Great. I’m relieved at your assurance, “Grace responded.
She wore a satisfied smile. “To be honest, my men have been searching for the Dracan essences, and they finally found a lead two days ago.”
“Oh?” Dustin raised an eyebrow in surprise. “Do you mean they’ve found one of the Dracan essences?”
“I wouldn’t say definitively that they’ve found it. I can only say that there’s a high probability that they’ve found it.” Grace shook her head.
“What do you mean?” Dustin was puzzled.
“According to their findings, there’s an unusual phenomenon near the southwest borders. An oasis has emerged in what was once a desolate desert, and the most remarkable part is its rapid expansion.
“I suspect that a Dracan essence might be concealed within the oasis, and we’ll need to investigate closer to confirm,” Grace explained.
“An oasis forming in the middle of the desert? That’s indeed unusual.”
Dustin stroked his chin and asked, “Did your men discover anything else?”
“No.”
Grace’s tone turned somber, “The oasis seems like a different realm. Once my men entered, they either vanished completely or lost all communication.
“So far, I’ve dispatched three groups, but every one of them vanished without a trace.”
“It’s that serious?” Dustin was taken aback. “Doesn’t that mean the oasis is an extremely dangerous place?”
The three groups of scouts have likely met an unfortunate end. It suggested that what appeared to be an oasis was, in reality, a treacherous abyss.
“Why would I need your help if it weren’t dangerous?” Grace said matter of factly.
“Well, uh…” Dustin’s mouth twitched, momentarily at a loss for words.
“As a formidable martial artist ranked 10th on the Astonishing World List, with the exception of a few dangerous locations, there are hardly any challenges in the entire world that pose a threat to you.
“So, you won’t need to worry about your safety,” Grace said with a smile.
“Hardly doesn’t mean none,” Dustin muttered. The world was vast and full of surprises. What does it matter if he was ranked 10th on the Astonishing World List?
Even Reagan Judd, who was ranked 5th, died by the Deicide Venom. Anything could happen.
“Logan, are you scared?” Grace asked.
“What a joke! How can a grown man like me be scared? Be it an oasis or a lion’s den, I’ll go with you!” Dustin declared boldly. He couldn’t back down now after what he said earlier.
“Great! It’s a deal, then!” Grace said with a smile.
“When do we set out?”
“We have no time to delay. We leave tonight.”
“That soon? Shouldn’t we make preparations?” Dustin was taken aback.
“I’ve already prepared everything we need. Various forces are already eyeing the oasis, thinking there’s treasure inside. We must be quick. It’ll be bad if someone gets there before us.” Grace’s tone was somber.
“Alright, we’ll proceed as you’ve suggested. I’ll return to inform everyone and start packing as well. Tonight, we’ll head to the deserts in the southwest!”
###Chapter 1913 by Marina Vittori
After Dustin returned to the castle, he avoided alerting anyone and wrote two letters instead. He left one letter in Rufus’ study and the other in Austin’s bedroom.
Dustin considered it his unspoken farewell. He wasn’t great at expressing sentimentalities, and at times, leaving in silence was the better choice.
As dusk settled, Dustin headed straight for the southwestern desert, riding in Grace’s car. The largest desert was known as the Deadlands.
It had earned its name due to its harsh and dangerous environment. Survival seemed nearly impossible for those who mistakenly ventured within.
In spite of its dangers, the Deadlands were home to a wealth of hidden treasures, including gold mines. Hence, there were frequent expeditions from teams that risked their lives to tempt fate.
If lucky, one might stumble upon valuable treasures and become wealthy overnight. However, if luck was not on their side, the consequences could be fatal.
It wasn’t a stretch to claim that more than a hundred individuals lost their lives each year in the Deadlands, searching for treasures or digging for gold.
Despite the grim reality, there were still continuous streams of courageous exploration teams that willingly plunged into the perilous journey, dreaming of overnight riches.
Grace was well aware of the notorious Deadlands. She spared no expense in hiring a seasoned exploration team with a proven track record of navigating and surviving the Deadlands to increase her chances of locating the mystical oasis.
She had also brought with her a team of security detail amounting to over a hundred men and a convoy of more than 30 vehicles.
Half of the convoy was loaded with supplies-food, water, compasses, communication devices, first aid kits, sun-protective clothing, and various rescue tools. Grace had ensured an ample supply of everything that could be required.
Night fell, and their group pressed on their journey without pause. Dustin leaned back in his seat, his gaze fixed on the moonlit sky outside the window, his expression blank.
“What’s on your mind?” Grace pulled out a bottle of water and handed it to Dustin.
“Thanks.” Dustin took a sip and said, “I was wondering what obstacles would await us on our journey to the desert.”
“Obstacles are unavoidable,” Grace remarked calmly.
“News of the Dracan essences has circulated worldwide. It’s not only Dragonmarsh pursuing it. The allure has caught the interest of various foreign powers.”
She added, “In essence, our competitors this time will hail from different corners of the world. It won’t be an easy task to rise above all these formidable opponents.”
“Given your extensive preparations, you must be quite confident, aren’t you? “Dustin probed.
“Absolutely. I have a secret weapon, you see,” Grace smiled faintly.
“Oh? What is it?” Dustin’s curiosity was piqued.
“I can’t reveal it just yet. You’ll learn about it when the time arises.”
“Fair enough. I’m here to be your tool, following your lead.” Dustin shrugged, appearing indifferent.
Working alongside Grace was effortless as she managed everything well, leaving him with no concerns.
“We still have ways to go before reaching our destination. Get some rest. I’ll wake you when we’re near,” Grace said considerately, handing him an eye mask and earplugs.
“Sure.” Dustin accepted, putting on the eye mask and inserting the earplugs. As he reclined his seat and found himself in a comfortable lying position, he quickly succumbed to a deep sleep.
Grace took out a blanket and gently covered Dustin, then quietly immersed herself in a book.
###Chapter 1914 by Marina Vittori
Their vehicle cruised steadily, maintaining a consistent speed. Eventually, by noon the next day, they reached the outskirts of the Deadlands.
There was a large village with around five to six hundred households on the outskirts. The village boasted amenities like an inn, a gas station, a supermarket, and the like. Though not sprawling, it had the essentials.
It also served as a supply station for the exploration teams and a lifeline in critical moments. Whether it was entering or exiting the desert, people would stop there to rest and gather information.
It was worth mentioning that, given the challenges in transporting goods, the prices within the village were several times higher than in the city.
Upon entering the village, Grace’s convoy finally came to a halt in front of a rural inn named House of Hope. The inn had once been a primary school, with enough rooms to accommodate over a hundred people.
“Ms. Linsor, we’ve arrived.” After the convoy stopped, a man appearing to be a mercenary knocked on Grace’s car window.
In his 30s, he wore a yellow camouflage uniform paired with leather boots. He had a tall, large frame and presented a rugged and imposing demeanor.
This man was Garrett Wilder, the captain of the expedition team. Having led two successful expeditions into the Deadlands and emerging unscathed, Garett was a formidable figure.
He was also the guide Grace had hired at a considerable cost, in charge of leading their expedition into the desert.
“Captain Wilder, is this Dusthaven Village?” Grace opened the door and glanced around. The village was large and mainly comprised of low-rise buildings. It had been weathered by constant wind and sand, looking somewhat dilapidated.
However, the inn before them, House of Hope, seemed to be the exception. It appeared clean and well-maintained, suggesting regular upkeep.
“Yes, this is the only village within a hundred miles radius. It’s named Dusthaven Village due to all the sand that blows from the Deadlands.
“But don’t be fooled by its size. It has everything you need. As long as you’re willing to pay good money, there are many things available here that can be found in big cities.
“Visitors from all over, basically anyone who plans to venture into the Deadlands, would stay in this village for a few days to restock and gather intel,” Garrett explained with a smile.
“Great, we’ll stay here for now and evaluate the situation.” Grace nodded. After a day and night of travel, most of the group were exhausted. They needed a good rest before embarking on their mission with renewed energy.
“Have we arrived?” At that moment, Dustin took off his eye mask and stepped out of the car groggily.
“Yes, we’ll be staying at this inn tonight,” Grace confirmed.
“Ms. Linsor, this is …?” Garrett frowned, displeased at the sight of Dustin emerging from Grace’s car.
“Oh, I forgot to make introductions.”
Grace motioned toward Garrett, saying, “This is Garrett Wilder, the captain of the Black Scorpion Squad. He is experienced and capable and has ventured into the Deadlands twice. Не will be leading our expedition.”
Then, she motioned to Dustin, ” Captain Wilder, this is my friend and bodyguard, Dustin Rhys. If you encounter any trouble, feel free to seek his help.”
“Hello, Captain Wilder. Nice to meet you,” Dustin greeted with a smile, extending his hand.
“Bodyguard?”
Garrett scrutinized Dustin and commented indifferently, “Ms. Linsor, did he trick you? Look at the size of his body. How is he supposed to protect you?”
###Chapter 1915 by Marina Vittori
Dustin was taken aback and slightly puzzled at Garrett’s sudden hostility. Considering that it was their first meeting, Dustin couldn’t fathom the reason for his animosity. Why did the guy before him have such a lofty attitude?
“Captain Wilder, have we met before?” Dustin slowly lowered his hand that had been left hanging.
“No,” Garrett said with an icy expression.
“Since we’ve never met, what makes you say that?” Dustin countered.
“I’m just concerned about Ms. Linsor.”
Garrett asserted with a self-righteous tone, “The Deadlands is extremely dangerous, and those who enter face almost certain death.
“Without considerable strength, professional knowledge, and extensive experience, ordinary people wouldn’t last a day inside.
“Ms. Linsor has paid a considerable sum to bring me here, and it’s my responsibility to ensure her safety.
“Judging by your physique and behavior, it’s evident that you’re not a professional bodyguard. So, I have serious doubts about your abilities.
“In case we come across danger in the Deadlands, I worry that you might not be able to protect Ms. Linsor and bring harm to all of us instead.”
Garrett’s words were blunt and devoid of any courtesy.
“Captain Wilder, Grace invited me here for a reason. Your duty is to guide us and help us navigate potential risks. That’s all you need to do.
“The rest is none of your concern. Just do your job, and don’t overstep your boundaries. You have no right to lecture me on my abilities.” Dustin’s tone was indifferent.
Although he had an easy-going personality, he disliked being bossed around.
“Even if your aim is to earn money, you still require a certain level of capability. Our safety is at stake here, so we can’t afford to be careless.”
Turning his gaze toward Grace, Garrett added with a serious tone, “Ms. Linsor, regarding your need for a bodyguard, I happen to know several highly skilled experts.
“If you trust me, I can arrange for them to join us, but it will come at an additional cost.”
“Captain Wilder, I appreciate your concerns, but I completely trust Dustin’s abilities. With him around, I have absolutely no qualms about my safety,” Grace responded calmly.
Ranked tenth on the Astonishing World List, if the dangers of the Deadlands were beyond Dustin’s capabilities, then the rest of them were in dire straits.
“Ms. Linsor-”
“Alright, that’s enough, Captain Wilder, “Grace said, raising her hand to stop him. “Go ahead and gather relevant information on the Deadlands. Gather as much information as possible. We’ll talk later.”
“Understood.” Garrett could only nod in agreement. However, before leaving, he cast Dustin a disdainful glance, clearly not taking him seriously.
“Grace, the guide you found appears quite arrogant,” Dustin teased.
“He may be a bit arrogant, but he does have the skills. Since we’re entering the Deadlands, we’ll need his help. You’re a gracious man. Please don’t hold it against him,” Grace replied with a faint smile.
“As long as he doesn’t cross my boundaries, a few sarcastic remarks and a stern expression are nothing.” Dustin shrugged.
He had a certain level of tolerance, having encountered numerous individuals with an inflated sense of self -importance. Most of them were all talk and no substance, and he hoped that Garrett wasn’t one of them.
“Alright, let’s drop the subject. Let’s pick a room first. If everything goes as expected, we’ll be staying here tonight, “Grace said, changing the topic.
“Sure, that works. I’m hungry anyway.
Let me freshen up, and then we can grab a meal,” Dustin said, patting his slightly deflated stomach.
He knew that among Grace’s team, there were two renowned chefs skilled in various cuisines. Coupled with the ample supplies they’d brought, there was no need to worry about going hungry.
Inside a tavern in Dusthaven Village, Garret and several members of the Black Scorpion Squad took a seat around a table. They drank, chatted, and occasionally observed their surroundings.
The tavern was now crowded with various people. Judging from their attire, most of them appeared to be small groups of expedition teams, each occupying their own space. It was a diverse gathering.
“Captain, I don’t think we’ve encountered this many expedition teams in our previous two visits. What’s going on this time?
“Since we entered the village, we’ve already come across at least five groups, “a bald, burly man said, a cigar between his lips as he observed the surroundings.
“Normally, there wouldn’t be this many people. The gathering of so many forces suggests there might be a treasure about to be uncovered. And it seems likely related to that oasis that suddenly appeared,” Garrett explained.
News of the oasis appearing in the Deadlands had spread within the circle. Many international expedition teams were showing unusual activity, and they were likely to arrive soon.
“Captain, do you know what exactly is inside that oasis?” the bald, burly man probed.
“The specific details remain unclear.” Garrett shook his head. “But from what I know, that oasis is much more dangerous than the desert. Anyone who entered has never returned.
“However, since so many people are willing to risk their lives to explore it, the treasures inside must be invaluable.
“Alright, alright. No matter what’s inside, it’s none of our concern. We’ve been paid to escort them in and out safely. Whether they find treasure or not isn’t our problem,” a short-haired woman in tight-fitting attire spoke up.
“That’s true.” The bald, burly man nodded. Having received one-third of their payment already, they would receive the remaining amount as long as their clients stayed alive. The rest of the matters were of little consequence to them.
“Captain, but who exactly is Ms. Linsor? How does she have such deep pockets? We’ve been in this business for ten years and never came across such a generous client,” the short- haired woman asked curiously.
“If Ms. Linsor chooses to hide her appearance, it’s likely she wishes to conceal her identity. There are professional boundaries, and we can’t pry too much,” Garrett responded, shaking his head.
“Captain, you’ve been eyeing Ms. Linsor throughout the entire journey. Are you interested in her?” the short- haired woman teased.
“I don’t know how to explain it either. It’s like she has a special pull to her. Every time I see her, I feel a sense of familiarity, as if we share some fated destiny,” Garrett said with narrowed eyes.
“Fated destiny? Oh, I get it!”
The short-haired caught on swiftly and playfully teased, “Captain, watch out! It seems like you’ve fallen in love!”
###Chapter 1916 by Marina Vittori
“I’ve never been through anything quite like this before. It feels different this time,” Garrett admitted, taking the teasing in stride. After having been through life-and-death situations together, there was nothing they couldn’t talk about.
“Ms. Linsor is truly unique. Although I haven’t seen her in person, the vibe she gives off suggests she’s an extraordinary beauty,” the bald, burly man said excitedly.
“Dozer, Captain has his eye on Ms. Linsor. Don’t even think about going down any inappropriate rabbit holes, okay?” the short-haired girl cautioned.
“Oh, come on, I was just throwing it out there casually. I wouldn’t dream of competing with the captain for a woman.” Dozer chuckled sheepishly.
She gave Garrett confidence and said, ” Captain, finding someone who really gets to you doesn’t happen daily. Don’t overthink it, and just go for it. Your charm is bound to do the trick!”
“I’m afraid it could be too late.” Garrett sighed, shaking his head.
He added, “Ms. Linsor has her own personal bodyguard, and they’re always together. The nature of their relationship seems a bit unclear. I doubt I’ll get a chance.”
Before, most of the jealousy seemed to be aimed at Dustin. Just by observing Grace’s protective demeanor, it was clear that their connection went beyond ordinary friendship.
The short-haired girl narrowed her eyes and said, “Captain, ‘Where there’s a will, there’s a way.’ Have you never heard of that?”
“Oh? You got a solid plan in mind?” Garrett’s interest was suddenly piqued.
“It’s easy. Once Ms. Linsor’s bodyguard is out of the picture, you’ll get your shot,” she said, much to their surprise.
Garrett’s face momentarily stiffened at her words. After glancing around to ensure privacy, he lowered his voice and said, “Silva, cut the crap. We have rules. We’re an exploration team, not mercenaries. Engaging in killing and scheming like that would tarnish our reputation if word got out.”
“Captain, who will find out if we handle it quietly?” Silva said, smirking.
After years of wandering the martial world, deceiving and battling for survival, they’ve taken many lives. For them, ending someone’s life was just a routine.
“Being Ms. Linsor’s personal bodyguard requires some serious skills.
Taking him out discreetly won’t be a walk in the park, especially with her security team in place. The risks are too high if we decide to make a move,” Garrett mused.
“Captain, you’re missing the bigger picture here. I wasn’t suggesting we act right away. We shouldn’t forget where our advantage lies.” Silva flashed a meaningful smile.
“You’re talking about … Deadlands?” Garrett swiftly grasped the idea after a momentary pause.
“Exactly!” She snapped her fingers.
She continued, “Deadlands is a dangerous place. People die there every year. Taking out that bodyguard shouldn’t be too hard if we play our cards right and find the perfect moment. Once that’s done, you can kick back and enjoy a blissful life with Ms. Linsor.”
Dozer couldn’t help but burst into laughter. “I get it! We’ll deal with him when the chance pops up in Deadlands!
These peculiar statements in the tavern certainly turned heads and drew the interest of quite a few.
“Hey, could you tone it down a bit? Why don’t I get you a megaphone so you can let loose outside? How about that?” Silva said with a hint of annoyance in her tone.
“I guess my voice is just naturally loud, “Dozer said, scratching his head as he quickly lowered his voice.
“Captain, what do you think? There’s a golden opportunity right in front of us. Once we deal with that troublesome guy, you’ll be able to bring the lady home,” she said, tempting and persuading at the same time.
“All right! Let’s go with your idea,” Garrett declared with a determined glint in his eyes.
His expression turned serious as he muttered, “Well, Dustin, I’ve got to be decisive for my own sake. So, don’t blame me for being ruthless. Point the finger at your unlucky fate for getting in my way!”
###Chapter 1917 by Marina Vittori
In the inn, Dustin changed into clean clothes and sneezed. “I wonder who’s talking about me,” he mumbled, rubbing his nose.
Then, he left the room and headed to the dining hall. The dining area, originally a school cafeteria, was quite spacious. It covered around 600 to 700 square feet and easily fit over a hundred people.
“Over here.”
Grace waved at him as he walked in. He made his way over, noticing a table adorned with more than a dozen mouth -watering dishes.
“Our chef whipped up these dishes, so feel free to dig. They’re not just tasty but also safe,” she assured.
“You’re playing it safe and all.” Dustin chuckled, sliding into a seat before diving into the food without a second thought.
“It’s always a good call to be careful when you’re out and about, especially in the outskirts of the Deadlands. You never know what kind of dangers lurk around, and a single misstep could be fatal,” Grace explained as she enjoyed her meal.
Suddenly, a group of young men and women dressed in green, wielding swords, barged into the inn. They exuded a powerful presence and had sharp gazes. It seemed they were disciples of the martial world’s sect.
A slender man in his 30s was at the forefront. He had a sharply curved nose and fierce expression.
“Bran, doesn’t this place look a bit rundown? I mean, there’s so much filth around. How can we even eat here?” a girl in a ponytail remarked, clearly not impressed.
“We don’t really have a choice. The circumstances are special this time around. We’ll just have to make the best of it,” the man with the sharply curved nose, Bran, gently explained.
“Fine. Since we’re already here, let’s just grab a bite. I’m starving.”
Then, she spotted a tidy table and said, “Hey! Waiter! Serve me your finest dishes!”
“Sure thing!” the waiter replied with a bright smile, signaling the chef to whip up some exquisite dishes for them.
After taking a bite, she promptly spat it out. “Ugh! What’s this? Why does it taste so terrible? It’s gross!”
“This is outrageous!” Bran slammed the table and shouted, “Are you trying to mess with us on purpose with this awful food?”
“Do you even know who we are? You’ve got some nerve to treat us like this! Keep it up, and we might have to bring this whole place down!” The ponytailed girl stood up, giving the waiter a warning with a menacing tone.
A few other disciples chimed in, all sporting fierce expressions.
“Dear guests, we sincerely apologize. These are the finest ingredients our small establishment has to offer. If anything falls short, we appreciate your understanding,” the waiter apologized, looking a bit nervous.
“You’re lying!” she exclaimed, rising from her seat.
She pointed at Dustin and Grace, raising her voice. “Why does their food look tastier than ours? You’re clearly looking down on us!”
###Chapter 1918 by Marina Vittori
Dustin and Grace were just watching the scene unfold when, suddenly, the ponytailed girl turned her focus on them. It took them a moment to shake off the surprise.
“Exactly! Just look at their dishes. Each is a culinary masterpiece. Compare that to what we’ve got on our table-it’s just garbage!”
“I don’t care! Swap our food right now, or we’ll cause a scene!” the group shouted. In the middle of their protest, they angrily tossed the food from their table onto the floor, making a mess.
“I’m afraid our small establishment has a few constraints when it comes to swapping these exquisite dishes,” the waiter explained, wearing a regretful and apologetic expression.
“You can’t swap them? Are you suggesting that we can’t afford it?” Bran frowned.
“Damn! Are you seriously discriminating against us? Do you even know who we are?” the ponytailed girl shouted.1
“We are disciples of the renowned Frostwing Sect. If you piss us off, we might just have to give your inn a bit of a makeover, you know?” she threatened.
“I’m sorry. It looks like there’s a bit of a misunderstanding,” the nervous waiter clarified.1
He continued, “The other guests’ personal chefs prepared those dishes. We provide only the kitchen facilities.”
“What? Personal chefs? Seriously? Who in the world hires a chef while traveling?” The ponytailed girl seemed skeptical.
She knew that those who explored the Deadlands were typically treasure- hunting adventurers. However, bringing a personal chef on such a journey was unheard of.
“It’s true. I witnessed it myself. I wouldn’t lie to you,” the waiter earnestly insisted. Upon hearing this, the Frostwing Sect disciples exchanged glances. They eventually directed their attention toward Dustin and Grace.
“Hey, are these dishes prepared by your chef?” The ponytailed girl approached, inspecting their table with a curious gaze.
“Yes.” Grace nodded. “We decided to bring our chef because we couldn’t get used to the local cuisine.”
“Really?” The ponytailed girl scrutinized the dishes on the table and couldn’t hide her awe.
She continued, “Shrimp Avocado Salad, Pecan-Crusted Trout Fillet, Spicy Chicken Tacos, Maple-Glazed Pork Bites, and even Clam Chowder. There’s a variety of mouthwatering dishes. Do you think you guys can finish all of this?”
Without giving Grace a chance to reply, the girl snagged a fork and sampled a bit of the filet. In an instant, her eyes sparkled, and a look of pleasant surprise flashed across her face.
“This is so tasty!”
She quickly motioned for the others to join, not noticing Dustin and Grace’s reactions. “Hey Bran, check this out! We’ve got something delicious here. Come over and give it a try!”
Disregarding Grace and Dustin’s feelings, the ponytailed girl rallied her fellow sect members.
Faced with the irresistible spread of dishes, they couldn’t resist the temptation. Their delight was immeasurable after traveling a significant distance and being utterly hungry.
“We’re taking over this table, so you guys might want to scout out a different table for your meal,” Bran declared. He casually tossed a gold bar onto the table arrogantly.
“Huh?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, shooting them a disdainful look. “Got an issue here? Just barging in without an invite and now trying to boot us out? Do you think you own this inn?”
If these people were a bit more easygoing, maybe a friendly drink or meal could have been in the cards, and friendship might have blossomed.
However, their arrogance and lack of respect just made Dustin see them in a less favorable light.
“What’s your problem? Not satisfied? Okay, let me throw in some more.” Bran flaunted his arrogance, tossing another gold bar onto the table. “Is this enough for you now?”
“Is this all we get? Seriously, treating us like we’re begging for scraps?” Dustin casually waved his hand, sending the two gold bars soaring in the air. He didn’t bother giving them a second look.
“Wow, he’s pretty bold!”
“This is unacceptable!”
“Unbelievable!”
Dustin stirred things up with his actions, sparking some intense protests from the disciples of the Frostwing Sect.
Being part of such a highly regarded sect in the martial world, they were used to being treated with respect wherever they went. But Dustin showed no consideration for their reputation.
“Hey, what’s up with you?” the ponytailed girl snapped, slamming the table in frustration.
She added, “Do you know who we are? We’re disciples of the Frostwing Sect, one of the big three sects in the Southwest. Check the whole martial world, and nobody dares to disrespect us!”
“Frostwing Sect? So what?” Dustin said impassively, and he took a sip of his drink.
“So what? Listen up. We’re claiming this table today. If you’re smart, grab those gold bars and scoot, or things might get a bit less friendly around here!” she warned.
“Oh? How uncivilized of you,” Dustin said with a sneer.
He’d dealt with his fair share of arrogant people, but facing a scenario where someone was ready to resort to violence over a meal was new for him.
Without hesitation, the ponytailed girl drew her sword and issued a stern warning, “Here’s your last chance. Leave now, or I’ll make sure you end up with a few extra holes!”
“You might want to reconsider waving that sword around. If you decide to swing, I won’t be pulling any punches, and you could end up regretting it,” Dustin calmly said, his gaze not even meeting her directly.
“You’re pushing your luck here!”
Fuming with anger, she swiftly swung her sword at him. The strike was quick and accurate, which could pose a challenge for an ordinary warrior.
However, he didn’t budge. He held his drink calmly in one hand and effortlessly intercepted the blade with the other.
The whole exchange seemed practiced and effortless, as if they had rehearsed it before. Dustin never made direct eye contact with the ponytailed girl throughout it all.
“Hmm?” She was taken aback by the unexpected turn of events. Her full- force attack had been effortlessly caught between two fingers, leaving her momentarily stunned.
Her mind buzzed with questions-how could this be happening? Though she might not stand out in the sect, she was far from an average martial artist.
Considering her age was close to Dustin’s, she should have been able to outmatch him effortlessly. So, why was he now suppressing her?
She couldn’t help but wonder just who exactly was this guy.
“Flaunting your power with that little strength of yours, huh? It’s like you’ve never faced the harsh realities of the real world,” Dustin remarked with a sneer.
He couldn’t help but wonder how a low- level martial artist, who hadn’t even broken through to the next level, could muster the audacity to behave so arrogantly.
###Chapter 1919 by Marina Vittori
After Dustin’s taunts, the ponytailed girl grew even more infuriated.
“This is ridiculous!” she exclaimed. Despite the obvious difference in their physical abilities, she tapped into her internal energy and advanced with renewed determination.
However, her efforts proved futile as her sword became entangled in his grip as if he had a vice-like hold on the blade.
“You’re really overestimating yourself. “Dustin chuckled, tightening his fingers around the sword.
With a distinct snap, her sword broke, sending her stumbling back a few feet. Upon hitting the ground, she winced in pain, her face contorting with discomfort as a wave of dizziness swept over her.
“Bran! He bullied me!” Feeling helpless, the ponytailed girl turned swiftly to those nearby for assistance.
“How dare you lay your hands on my junior? Are you asking for trouble?” Bran snapped. He unsheathed his sword, intending to teach Dustin a lesson.
“Stop!”
A commanding voice echoed at the entrance. The man in red strolled in, his sword strapped to his back, leading a group of people. His bold eyebrows, solid physique, and undeniable charisma seized everyone’s attention.
Bran furrowed his brow at the sight of him.
“Bran Kingsley, your sect knows how to leave a mark. Bullying in broad daylight -do you really believe you can escape consequences?” the man in red commented sharply.
“Jackson Hawk! This guy is picking a fight with our sect. I strongly advise you to stay out of it,” Bran warned with a serious expression.
“Hmph! I witnessed everything. You were clearly bullying him. I can’t stand people like you-so arrogant and overbearing!” Jackson exclaimed.
“Bullying? What goes on in our sect is our concern, and the Embersteel Order should keep its nose out of it!” Bran retorted.
“What if I decide to get involved?” Jackson asked, narrowing his gaze.
“If you choose to step in, don’t be surprised if I don’t hold back,” Bran warned. He grimaced, raising his sword and directing it menacingly at Jackson.
As the tension rose, the disciples of the Frostwing Sect instinctively unsheathed their swords, showing their support for Bran.
“Hmph! So, a challenge, huh? Let’s see who’s not afraid of a little confrontation this time!” Jackson wasted no time, swiftly drawing his blade and pointing it directly at Bran.
The disciples of the Embersteel Order mirrored his action, drawing their blades and setting the stage for a battle. Tension thickened as both factions poised for an imminent clash.
“Seriously? Can’t I just enjoy my meal in peace? If you want a brawl, do it elsewhere. Make a fuss here, and I’ll kill you!”
A sudden cold voice filled the room.
All eyes shifted to the corner, where a man in a cloak and straw hat sat.
Bran swung his longsword at the man with the straw hat, shouting, “Who the hell are you? What gives you the right to meddle in our sects’ business? Are you asking for trouble?”
Bran was well aware of the Embersteel Order’s significant standing, similar to their sect’s prominence among the three major sects in the Southwest.
Although Jackson challenging him was acceptable due to their evenly matched strengths, the man with the straw hat scolding him seemed like an open invitation to trouble.
“You’re too arrogant!” The man in the straw hat slammed the table, making a fork soar into the air. With a swift wave, the fork shot toward Bran with powerful force.
The attack happened so quickly that ordinary people wouldn’t have time to react.
Sensing the imminent danger, Bran instinctively raised his sword in defense. The fork struck forcefully against the blade, causing his weapon to bend like a bow.
The force knocked him back, making him retreat over ten steps and nearly lose his balance. His hand gripping the sword shook uncontrollably for a moment.
“Bran!”
As the Frostwing Sect disciples witnessed the unexpected twist, their astonishment was clear. A mere fork had compelled Bran to retreat, prompting them to doubt the full extent of his opponent’s strength.
This astonishment wasn’t limited to the Frostwing Sect alone. Even the members of the Embersteel Order were caught off guard.
Despite Bran’s dubious reputation, his strength rivaled Jackson’s. The idea of overcoming such a skilled martial artist with a single strike left everyone in stunned silence. The ponytailed girl hurried over, her face filled with concern. “Bran! Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Bran reassured, taking a deep breath to calm the turbulent force within him. He shifted his attention to the man in the straw hat. “Mind telling me who you are? What’s your issue with the Frostwing Sect?”
In a determined tone, the man in the straw hat introduced himself, “I’m Aidan Ridge, but you might know me better as Sandscale.”
“Huh? Sandscale? Aidan Ridge?”
The crowd’s expressions visibly changed at his revelation. In the harsh southwestern region, marked by vast desolation, three major sects and five formidable individuals emerged.
The Drakes Dominion Order claimed the pinnacle of power, casting shadows over the evenly matched Frostwing Sect and Embersteel Order.
The influence of the five formidable individuals ranked just beneath that of the major sects. Their strength was comparable to the guildmasters of these influential factions. None dared to provoke them lightly despite their infrequent appearances.
Aidan held a position as one of these influential figures.
When Aidan’s name was mentioned, Bran and Jackson’s expressions changed. It was clear that they recognized Aidan’s considerable strength, a power that likely surpassed the combined abilities of all the disciples in their sect.
“Mr. Ridge, I want to express my apologies for any offense earlier. Please forgive my ignorance,” Bran said, swiftly subduing his arrogance.
He showed respect, acknowledging Aidan’s skill to be on par with his master’s. Bran was well aware that he couldn’t afford to offend him.
“Enough with the flattery. I just want to eat in peace. If you’re hungry, eat. If not, scram. Don’t bother me again, or you’ll regret it!” Aidan declared, showing no patience for further disruption.
“We’re sorry for interrupting your meal. We’ll leave now.”
Suppressing his anger, Bran lowered himself and decisively led his people out. While leaving, he gave Dustin a stern look, suggesting a possible showdown down the road.
###Chapter 1920 by Marina Vittori
Despite Bran’s intense glare, Dustin nonchalantly shrugged it off. He knew he could have easily emerged victorious in their fight without any intervention.
After handling a couple of minor disturbances, Aidan resumed his meal. Jackson, accompanied by the disciples of the Embersteel Order, chose to keep a low profile and settled into nearby seats.
Grace stood up and approached Jackson’s table. “Hello, everyone. Thank you for your timely assistance,” she expressed her gratitude. Jackson dismissed it coolly, saying, ” Just helping out, no biggie.”
He added, “I’ve always had a thing against those who prey on the weaker ones. Our sect consistently stands against injustice.”
“The Embersteel Order truly lives up to its reputation as a haven for true heroes,” Grace remarked admiringly.
“Why not join us at the table for a few drinks?” she asked, warmly inviting them. “I’ve got a couple of bottles of premium wine in my collection.”
At the mention of premium wine, Jackson’s eyes widened with interest.
“No need for all the formalities. I’m in, “he quickly said, motioning for his sect’s disciples to merge their table with Grace’s.
“Mr. Will, could you ask the chef for a few more dishes and grab some extra bottles of wine?” Grace instructed her assistant.
“Of course,” Mr. Will responded promptly and left.
Soon, the table was brimming with a variety of delectable dishes and premium wines. Without hesitation, Jackson poured himself a glass and downed it in one go. “This wine is amazing!”
His face lit up with pleasure after the first sip, and he couldn’t resist licking his lips. “I’d bet this has to be a century -old vintage, am I right?”
Considering himself quite the seasoned drinker, he reveled in the unmatched richness and flavor of the wine. The 50- year-old vintage he had shared with his master paled in comparison to the exquisite drink in his hand.
“It looks like our distinguished hero here knows his wines well,” Grace said with an ambiguous smile. After all, savoring a royal fine wine, especially one as rare as this, wasn’t an everyday experience for most.
“I’m not trying to come off as some kind of hero or anything. By the way, the name’s Jackson Hawk. If you want to keep things casual, just call me Jackson,” he said boldly.
“I’m Grace Linsor, and this is my friend, Dustin,” Grace introduced.
“Your fearless stand against the Frostwing Sect is truly admirable. Facing their power head-on makes you a genuine hero. Here’s to you!” Jackson raised his glass, nodding approvingly at Dustin.
In the entire southwest region, Jackson knew that not many dared to confront the Frostwing Sect. Regardless of the opponent’s strength, Dustin’s bravery was commendable.
“Compared to you, I’ve still got a long road ahead.” Dustin returned the gesture, raising his glass.
“In the world of martial arts, we value kindred spirits who share similar principles,” Jackson remarked.
He continued, “Fate has brought you two across our paths. If you ever encounter challenges ahead, don’t hesitate to seek me out. I’ll be more than willing to lend a hand!” He patted his chest reassuringly.
“Thank you,” Dustin replied.
###Chapter 1921 by Marina Vittori
Grace raised her glass and smiled.”
Cheers, everyone! No need for formality. Dig in and enjoy yourselves.”
Seeing the tempting array of dishes, the disciples of the Embersteel Order eagerly indulged, savoring each bite without hesitation. As rounds of wine flowed, their camaraderie began to flourish.
“Ms. Linsor, Dustin, judging by your appearances, you’re not locals. Are you also on the hunt for the treasure?” Jackson subtly asked.
“Yes, we heard of treasures in the Deadlands, so we assembled a team for the challenge and to gain some experience,” she replied candidly.
It was universally understood that anyone braving the dangerous Deadlands was on a quest for its hidden treasures. Considering the treacherous nature of the terrain, the idea of visiting for leisure was entirely dismissed.
“Ms. Linsor, pardon my directness, but venturing into the Deadlands carries significant risks,” Jackson cautioned, eyeing them both.
He added, “A single misstep could prove fatal, and it seems neither of you is accustomed to handling such dangers. You should rethink your decision.”
Grace smiled in acknowledgment of his concern. “Jackson, I appreciate your warning, but we have our reasons for this trip.”
“If you’re set on going, you could tag along with us. That way, you’ll have someone looking out for you,” Jackson suggested. Dustin, intrigued, joined the conversation. “Are you guys on a treasure hunt in the Deadlands too?”
“Not exactly,” Jackson replied honestly. “Our sect’s current mission is to explore the sudden emergence of an oasis in the Deadlands.”
“Be mindful of your words, Jackson,” an Embersteel Order’s disciple interjected cautiously. The caution stemmed from a reluctance to reveal too much about their mission.
Sensing the hesitation, Dustin reassured, “If there’s something you can’t share, don’t worry about it.”
“No problem. We’re friends. There’s no need for secrets,” Jackson said, casually dismissing the caution.
“Our mission involves investigating that mysterious oasis that recently appeared in the Deadlands. Word is, it’s expanding rapidly and might be hiding some epic treasures.”
He added, “Where there’s abnormality, there might be something supernatural. Our sect has tasked us with exploring it thoroughly to unravel the mystery.”
“We’ve heard about the oasis, and we’re planning to explore it too,” Grace replied.
Jackson said, “Seems like we’re on the same page. Rumor has it that once you step into the oasis, it’s a one-way ticket -no one ever makes it out. We’re in the dark about what really happens inside.”
His tone grew serious as he whispered, “The real concern isn’t just the dangers within the oasis. It’s the skilled people. Some have good intentions, but others are driven by malicious motives. They are the real threat.”
In the martial world, people of all kinds existed. Alliances could quickly turn into rivalries, even with strangers. Pursuing treasures without strong power or reliable support was futile.
“You’re right.” Grace nodded in agreement. “This treasure hunt will draw in a lot of experts, and if conflicts arise, things could get messy.”
“Don’t worry too much. Stick with our Embersteel Order, and I’m confident you’ll be safe,” Jackson reassured her confidently.
The Embersteel Order commanded considerable power and influence in the southwestern territory. Unless dealing with notorious troublemakers, most sect experts hesitated to cross paths with them.
They were enjoying their drinks and having casual conversations when Garrett and the members of the Black Scorpion Squad approached hastily.
“Ms. Linsor! Great news!” Garret reported, “Intel just came in- someone has returned from the oasis!”
###Chapter 1922 by Marina Vittori
“What? Someone actually made it out? “Grace perked up immediately, firing off questions. “Who is it? Where can we find this person?”
The mysterious oasis was a labyrinth of unknowns, and anyone managing to navigate their way out likely possessed valuable insights. Hence, getting hold of such information wouldn’t just reduce risks but also boost the chances of a successful treasure hunt.
Garrett replied, “The person in question is Ryan Gale, a member of the Arcane Path Guild. He is known for his expertise in escape techniques.”
He continued, “His disappearance raised concerns three days ago when he ventured into the oasis and went completely off the radar.
“Unexpectedly, he has now reappeared in Dusthaven Village with severe injuries. The village chief is taking care of him right now.”
“Ryan Gale from the Arcane Path Guild? “Jackson arched an eyebrow. “I’ve heard of him. He holds quite a reputation in the martial world and has attained an advanced stage of divinity -an undeniable prodigy.”
Although the Arcane Path Guild wasn’t affiliated with the Southwestern forces, it possessed strength on par with the Embersteel Order.
“Ms. Linsor, who are these people?” Garrett looked at Jackson’s group with intrigue.
“They are skilled members of the Embersteel Order-friends I’ve just made,” Grace replied.
“Embersteel Order?” Garrett furrowed his brow, visibly surprised. He knew it was risky to offend the Embersteel Order, a major sect in the Southwest. Still, he was surprised at how quickly she befriended their disciples.
Despite his initial reservations, he couldn’t ignore the idea that traveling under the sect’s protection would make their journey much safer.
“Let’s not dwell on that. Guide me to the village chief’s house. I need to talk to Ryan,” Grace urged. Upon hearing that, Garrett promptly led her there.
Given Ryan’s crucial role and the broad interest from various groups, she needed to act promptly to prevent another party from seizing the opportunity.
Five minutes later, they arrived at the village chief’s residence. It was a charming two-story cottage with a courtyard adorned with a variety of flowers and plants. As they approached the courtyard gate, a middle-aged man promptly blocked their path.
“What brings you here? Outsiders are strictly forbidden!” The middle-aged man, brandishing an iron rod, blocked their path with a stern demeanor.
“Sir, we have an urgent matter and need to meet the village chief. Could you please inform him?” Grace politely requested.
“The village chief has made it clear that he won’t be seeing anyone today. Please leave,” the middle-aged man replied coldly.
“We’re Ryan’s acquaintances. We’ve heard he’s severely injured and currently in the village chief’s residence, so we’ve come to visit him,” Garrett lied.
“No outsiders, no exceptions. Leave immediately!” The middle-aged man impatiently gestured for them to leave. Garrett’s expression darkened.”Listen! I’m warning you not to overstep your bounds!”
He couldn’t fathom how a nameless man dared to block his path, a move that hinted at impending trouble.
“Oh? Planning to get physical, are you? “the middle-aged man challenged, slamming his iron rod into the ground. He went on, “Come at me! If you’ve got the guts, give it a try. Let’s see if you can leave this place in one piece!”
Dusthaven Village, standing strong over the years, showcased its enduring influence. Although it had encountered disturbances from troublemakers in the past, the community had successfully dealt with such disruptions.
“Captain Wilder, please calm yourself,” Grace intervened, stopping Garrett in his tracks. She swiftly removed her pendant and approached the middle- aged man.
She handed it to him and said, ” Consider this a small token, a gesture of goodwill. We urgently need to discuss important matters. Your kindness would be greatly appreciated.”
The middle-aged man’s eyes lit up as he examined the pendant. “Ah! This pendant seems to be of exceptional quality. It must hold significant value, right?”
###Chapter 1923 by Marina Vittori
“Of course! That’s a blue jadeite, and it’s also an antique that’s worth a fortune!” Garrett snapped.
“Worth a fortune? What a treasure!” The middle-aged man’s face lit up with joy as he carefully put away the pendant.
“We left in a hurry, so I didn’t manage to bring anything else with me. The pendant is valuable, so I hope you’ll like it,” Grace said with a slight smile.
“Miss, considering your sincerity, I’ll pass on the message. But whether Mr. Zaeske decides to see you is beyond my control,” the middle-aged man said cautiously.
“Thank you.” Grace nodded slightly.
“Alright, please wait a moment,” the middle-aged man said and entered the courtyard.
After three minutes, he reappeared with a smile on his face. “Miss, Mr. Zaeske has agreed to see you. However, for safety reasons, you can only bring one person with you.”
“Garrett, please keep watch here. I’ll be going in with Dustin,” Grace instructed. She then headed inside with Dustin.
Ryan lay unconscious inside a bedroom, his face pale. The village chief, Kayson Zaeske, was by his bedside, discussing his condition with a village doctor.
“Bob, is there really no hope of saving this young man?” Kayson’s expression was somber.
As the only survivor to emerge from the oasis alive, Ryan was an extremely valuable person. He could bring prosperity to the village if he played his cards well.
“Mr. Zaeske, this young man is seriously injured and has also been extensively poisoned. I lack the skills to treat him.” The village doctor shook his head. He was adept at managing minor ailments but found himself utterly helpless when faced with perplexing conditions.
“It seems like we’ll have to send him to the hospital.” Kayson frowned.
“Mr. Zaeske, our village is at least a day’s journey from the hospital in the city. With his current condition, he might not be able to make it,” Bob said with a sigh.
“We’ll have to try. We don’t have any other options.” Kayson was helpless. The money bag that was at hand was now on the verge of death. It was a pity.
“Mr. Zaeske, my friend here is highly skilled in medicine. Why don’t you let him try?” Grace suddenly said, arriving at the door.
“I heard from Paco that you’re friends with this young man?” Kayson probed.
“We’re not exactly friends. I just have some questions to ask him,” Grace replied truthfully.
“Well, you seem like an honest person. “Kayson nodded in satisfaction. “If you had lied, I’d have kicked you all out. 11
“Mr. Zaeske, you’re a wise man. We wouldn’t dare lie to you.” Grace took the opportunity to flatter Kayson.
“Hahaha… You’re quite good with words.” Kayson grinned widely.
“Mr. Zaeske, Ryan’s in critical condition. It’s probably too late to send him to the hospital now. My friend has been studying medicine since young and specializes in various complicated illnesses. Perhaps he can help heal Ryan.” Grace shifted the focus to Dustin.
“He’s quite young.” Kayson scrutinized Dustin skeptically.
Their conventional thinking had led them to believe that older doctors possessed higher medical skills. Convincing them of Dustin’s capabilities when he was only in his 20s would prove to be a challenge.
“I may be young, but it doesn’t diminish my skills. I’m confident of waking Ryan up within 10 minutes,” Dustin said calmly, looking extremely confident.
###Chapter 1924 by Marina Vittori
“Young man, you haven’t even assessed the patient’s condition, and yet you claim confidence in healing him. Isn’t that a bit presumptuous?” Bob was evidently displeased.
Although he was a rural doctor, he had over ten years of medical experience and had saved numerous lives. How could a young, inexperienced man be able to cure Ryan when even he couldn’t do so?
“The patient has 13 external injuries, the most serious being the wound that penetrated his chest and exited through his back. Fortunately, his exceptional physical condition allowed him to survive.
“The real challenge lies in the extensive poisoning. His internal organs have sustained varying degrees of damage. If we don’t remove it swiftly, he won’t make it through tomorrow,” Dustin explained Ryan’s injuries in detail.
“How … How did you figure that out?” Bob was shocked.
He had to perform a thorough examination and read Ryan’s pulse to arrive at his diagnosis. So how did the young man before him achieve the same?
“Many ailments can be understood with just a glance,” Dustin replied indifferently.
“What? A mere glance?” Bob was astounded.
“It’s not some incurable disease, so a single glance is enough.” Dustin remained unfazed. The corner of Bob’s mouth twitched. He was speechless. Dustin’s calm and confident gaze was hinting at his abilities.
“Young man, are you truly confident?” Kayson asked.
“You’ll find out if you let me try. It’s better than doing nothing at all,” Dustin replied.
“Alright, then I’ll leave him to you.” Kayson made way for Dustin, inviting him forward.
Judging from Ryan’s condition, it seemed like he probably wouldn’t make it through tomorrow, and it was already too late to send him to the hospital. This attempt marked their final effort.
Approaching Ryan, Dustin took out a Curax and fed it to him. Then, with a wave of his hand, a row of silver needles shot out, precisely penetrating Ryan’s vital pressure points.
As the silver needles entered his body, Dustin waved his hand again. The needles began to rotate rapidly, channeling streams of mystical pure energy into Ryan’s system through the puncture points.
This process cleared his circulatory pathways and dispelled stagnant blood.
Dustin’s miraculous healing techniques left the doctor in awe. Although he possessed acupuncture skills, he had to meticulously locate and pierce each pressure point one by one.
In contrast, Dustin effortlessly guided over a dozen silver needles with a mere wave of his hand, accurately targeting the specific pressure points like a spectral force. Throughout the entire procedure, he didn’t even touch the patient.
Such extraordinary proficiency was unprecedented for the doctor. He couldn’t fathom how someone so young could display such advanced skills.
After a short while, color returned to Ryan’s face.
“Get up!” Dustin waved his hand once more, and the dozen silver needles embedded in Ryan’s body swiftly
retracted into Dustin’s sleeve.
Almost immediately, Ryan, who had been unconscious on the sickbed, began to cough violently. With a loud retch, he expelled a significant amount of dark blood.
“He’s awake, the patient is awake!”
Bob was both shocked and delighted at what he just witnessed. He now held a deep admiration for Dustin.
With just a few needles, Dustin had managed to revive a critically ill patient, proving himself as a prodigious miracle doctor.
“Young man, you’re truly amazing! You’ve managed to completely heal the patient within ten minutes!” Kayson exclaimed in amazement.
Even with his extensive experience and knowledge, encountering a young genius like Dustin, who possessed extraordinary medical skills, was an exceptionally rare occurrence.
“I can’t claim to have fully healed him, but the patient is no longer in immediate danger. With the right medication over the next few days, he should make a full recovery,” Dustin said calmly.
“Who… are you guys?” Ryan struggled to sit up on the bed. He appeared extremely weak, but his gaze was unusually alert.
“I’m Kayson Zaeske, the village chief of Dusthaven Village. I’m the one who saved you. You were severely injured and on the verge of death.
“Fortunately, I sought the assistance of this skilled doctor. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have survived.”
“Huh?” Dustin raised an eyebrow and looked at Kayson with a meaningful glance. He couldn’t help but quietly sneer at Kayson’s shrewdness. The old man had effortlessly claimed credit for everything with just a few words.
Despite his irritation, Dustin decided to let it slide. He could see through Kayson’s intentions. He was attempting to win Ryan’s favor and gain some advantages.
“Thank you, Mr. Zaeske. Thank you, doctor.” Ryan expressed his gratitude politely, acknowledging both Kayson and Dustin.
“Young man, how did you end up with such serious injuries? What exactly happened?” Kayson asked the question that was on everyone’s mind.
“I…” Ryan began, but he appeared hesitant.
“Young man, don’t worry. We’re not the bad guys. We just want to help,” Kayson reassured him with a gentle smile, looking benevolent and caring.
“Ryan, I didn’t save your life for nothing. We need information about the desert, especially that mystical oasis!” Dustin went straight to the point.
With time running out and news of Ryan’s survival likely spreading, Dustin had no patience for beating around the bush.
“Did you come for the oasis as well?” Ryan’s pupils constricted, a sudden surge of fear evident on his face. He seemed to be recalling something unsettling.
“That’s right. You’re the only person to ever walk out alive from that oasis, and we need to know the details. That was why I saved you.
“Plus, if you provide valuable information, we’ll reward you generously,” said Dustin.
“Don’t go in there… Never go inside … It’s incredibly dangerous. There are monsters that devour people everywhere!”
Something seemed to have triggered Ryan, and he grew increasingly agitated. He covered his head, trembled, and screamed, appearing like someone pushed to insanity.
Dustin and Grace exchanged a concerned glance. What could possibly be hidden inside that oasis to induce such a reaction from a talented disciple of the Arcane Path Guild?
###Chapter 1925 by Marina Vittori
Observing Ryan’s distressed state, Grace quickly reassured him, “Ryan, calm down. You’re safe now. Nothing can hurt you here. You don’t have to be afraid.”
If she didn’t, they wouldn’t be able to extract any useful information from him with his current emotional state.
However, Ryan remained engulfed by fear, unable to calm down. He continued clutching his head, trembling, and muttering to himself.
“Is he … losing his mind? What do we do now?” Kayson grew anxious. The money bag that was at hand was now mentally unstable. What a headache.
“Dustin, is there any way to calm him down?” Grace asked, giving him a sidelong glance.
“Easy.” Without much ado, Dustin produced a silver needle and inserted it right into the nape of Ryan’s neck. Almost instantly, Ryan shuddered and then peacefully fell unconscious on the bed.
“This is your method?” Grace looked at him quizzically. While Ryan was now calm, how were they supposed to question him while he was unconscious?
“Ryan is too distressed right now to provide any answers. This needle will help him relax. Let him sleep for an hour, and when he wakes up, he should be back to normal,” Dustin explained.
“That’s good to know.” Grace breathed a sigh of relief.
The Dracan essences were extremely important to her, so she had to make sure she gathered sufficient information.
If the Dracan essences were truly hidden inside the oasis, she would spare no effort to obtain it.
“Mr. Zaeske! Things are not looking good. There’s a disturbance outside!”
At that moment, Paco, the middle- aged man who was guarding the courtyard, suddenly rushed in. He looked flustered, and his cheek was swollen, clearly having been slapped.
“A disturbance? Who dares to cause trouble in Dusthaven Village?” Kayson’s expression darkened.
To manage a village so efficiently in such a harsh environment required certain abilities. Not only was he acquainted with many martial arts experts, but he had also formed a security team.
In the past, ignorant troublemakers who acted recklessly in the village would be beaten half to death and then expelled.
“The intruders seem strong. We were no match for them and were defeated within minutes.” Paco appeared depressed, completely losing his previous arrogance.
“Hmph! Useless!” Kayson scolded before leaving the room.
Dustin and Grace exchanged glances and followed Kayson outside. Any disturbances in the village at that moment were likely related to Ryan.
A crowd had already gathered at the courtyard entrance, with numerous forces surrounding the gate and blocking the entryway.
The Embersteel Order, Frostwing Sect, Sandscale Aidan Ridge, and various other sects from the southwest, both big and small, including expedition
###Chapter 1926 by Marina Vittori
The Drakes Dominion Order led the three major sects in the Southwest. It was considerably stronger than the Embersteel Order and the Frostwing Sect.
Kayson could not afford to offend such a large sect. After all, Dusthaven Village relied on their protection to survive.
“Mr. Zaeske, I’ll be blunt. The guy you saved, we want him!” Yonah said with his head raised.
In an imposing manner, he declared, ” As long as you hand him over to us, you’ll be a friend of the Drakes Dominion Order!”
“I…” Kayson looked contemplative.
His initial intention to make a quick profit through Ryan had unexpectedly attracted many powerful forces. Now that the Drakes Dominion Order had spoken up, he lacked both reason and courage to refuse.
“Yonah, we all have the same goal here. Don’t you think claiming it all for yourself is inappropriate?” Right then, Bran Kingsley from the Frostwing Sect chimed in.
“Why? You have a problem with that?” Yonah narrowed his eyes, his gaze hostile.
“It isn’t just me who has a problem. I believe everyone here harbors discontent.” Bran raised both arms, cleverly including everyone in his camp.
The Drakes Dominion Order was a strong sect, and the Frostwing Sect was at a disadvantage in a one-on-one battle. However, with a few allies, the situation would change entirely.
“What’s this? Are all of you going against us too?” Yonah cast a threatening glance around. Everyone exchanged glances but remained silent, showing no intention of leaving. Clearly, they were unwilling to allow the Drakes Dominion Order to monopolize the situation.
“Jackson, what do you say?” Yonah turned to Jackson, initiating the conversation.
He disregarded most of the people present, but Jackson from the Embersteel Order was an exception. It would be a tough situation to handle if he allied with Bran.
“I don’t care about your past grievances, but you can’t just take Ryan away,” Jackson said calmly.
“That’s not up to any of you to decide. It all depends on Mr. Zaeske.”
Yonah turned his attention back to Kayson, his gaze sharp.
“Mr. Zaeske, make up your mind. As long as you hand the guy over to me, the Drakes Dominion Order will take care of any troubles you encounter in the future!”
“Mr. Zaeske, you’d better weigh your options carefully. Hand the guy over to the Drakes Dominion Order, and you’ll be provoking not only the Frostwing Sect and the Embersteel Order but also all the forces present here,” Bran threatened.
“Uh…” Kayson froze, glancing around and feeling utterly lost.
What was he supposed to do now?
Handing Ryan over to the Drakes Dominion Order would upset the Embersteel Order and the Frostwing Sect. However, if he didn’t, he would offend the Drakes Dominion Order instead.
Either way, Kayson found himself in a precarious position.
Right then, Kayson’s eyes landed on Dustin and Grace. Almost immediately, he had an idea.
“Dear guests, I wasn’t the one who rescued the man inside, so I have no authority to hand him over. His real savior is this doctor right here. You can discuss any matters with him.”
Kayson suddenly pointed at Dustin, shifting the focus onto him.
###Chapter 1927 by Marina Vittori
It was human nature to prioritize one’s own well-being. Kayson knew he couldn’t afford to offend either side and decided that getting a scapegoat to bear the blame was for the best. That way, he could free himself from the burden of the outcome.
“Hmm?” Dustin frowned when Kayson singled him out. What a shrewd old man, quick to take credit and even quicker at deflecting blame.
“Hey, you, hand over that guy inside, and I will reward you handsomely.” Yonah turned his attention to Dustin, his tone authoritative.
“Do I know you?” Dustin replied calmly.
“I’m Yonah, the second disciple of the Drakes Dominion Order.”
He continued proudly, “As long as you cooperate and hand over the guy without a fuss, the Drakes Dominion Order will always have your back.”
“And if I refuse?” Dustin countered.
“Refuse? Hmph!” Yonah snorted. “If you don’t hand him over, that would be a direct challenge against us. Can you bear the consequences?”
Anyone foolish enough to challenge the Drakes Dominion Order would only find death awaiting them.
“Hearing you say that, I really don’t feel like handing him over.” Dustin remained unfazed.
“Ryan’s condition is still unstable. As a doctor, it’s my duty to ensure his safety. Whether it’s the Drakes Dominion Order or any other force, none of you will take him from me today.”
“You brat! Do you have any idea what you’re saying?” Yonah’s expression darkened.
He threatened, “You’re seeking death by going against us. In the Southwest region, no one will be able to save you! I’ll give you one more chance to change your mind. Are you handing him over or not?”
“Nope,” Dustin said coldly.
“You have a death wish!” Yonha flew into a rage.
He waved his hand and ordered, “Break his legs!”
“Yes, sir!” Two disciples from the Drakes Dominion Order unsheathed their swords in response to the command.
“Stop!”
Right then, Jackson abruptly intervened, “Yonah, this young man is my friend. You better not touch him!”
“I’m warning you not to get involved, Jackson! Anyone who goes against the Drakes Dominion Order will pay the price!” Yonah said darkly.
“That’s right.” Bran suddenly chimed in, “This brat is arrogant, ignorant, and utterly disrespectful to our three major sects. He needs to be taught a lesson. This time, I’m siding with Yonah.”
“Bran Kingsley! Don’t make this personal. If you have a problem, take it up with me. Bullying the weak proves nothing!” Jackson rebuked Bran with a stern glare.
“Hmph! We’ll settle our scores sooner or later, but not at this moment.”
Bran redirected his attention to Yonah and said with a smile, “Yonah, I’ll handle the Embersteel Order. Go ahead and deal with that brat. Once everything is settled, we’ll share the information between us.”
“Excellent. I appreciate your help, Bran! “Yonah nodded, accepting the offer. Given the current circumstances, claiming everything to themselves would not be easy.
However, allying with the Frostwing Sect would enable them to control the situation without reservations.
“Attack!” Yonah commanded without hesitation.
“Seize him!” The two disciples from the Drakes Dominion Order exchanged glances and attacked Dustin simultaneously.
“How dare you!” Jackson was furious, unsheathing his sword and preparing to lend his support.
###Chapter 1928 by Marina Vittori
“Jackson, you’re mine.” At the same time, Bran drew his sword, blocking Jackson’s path. They were equally skilled and would be evenly matched in battle.
Despite Jackson’s desire to intervene, he lacked the strength to confront the united might of the two major sects.
He could only stand by helplessly as the disciples of the Drakes Dominion Order launched their assault on Dustin. Just when it seemed like Dustin was at a disadvantage, something unexpected happened.
Two distinct, crisp slapping sounds echoed through the air. The disciples who had approached Dustin were sent flying with just a single slap each. They landed heavily, struggling to rise to their feet.
The entire sequence unfolded so quickly that no one had a chance to react.
“What?” Jackson was stunned, showing a look of astonishment.
The disciples of the Drakes Dominion Order were considered the elite. They weren’t supposed to be defeated by any ordinary martial artist.
Since Dustin had subdued the two disciples with just two moves, it indicated that he had already achieved divinity. Even within the major sects, he would be deemed an outstanding disciple.
“What? How is this possible?”
Bran, Yonah, and the others mirrored Jackson’s stunned reaction. They had assumed Dustin was an insignificant man that could be easily dealt with.
However, it turned out that Dustin had some skills, effortlessly defeating two elite disciples from the Drakes Dominion Order on his first encounter.
It was truly unexpected.
“Brat! I have to admit, you have skills. No wonder you’re so arrogant. But unfortunately, you’ve messed with the wrong person today!”
Yonah slowly took off his coat, his arrogance evident. “I only intended to teach you a lesson, but you seem ungrateful. You’ve even injured two of my juniors. Today, you must pay the price with your blood!”
“I’d advise against attacking,” Dustin said impassively.
“Why? Are you scared now? It’s already too late!” Yonah sneered.
“You only have two options. Either you break your legs and apologize to my juniors, or I’ll personally tear you apart!
“Scared?” Dustin laughed. “You’re right. I’m truly scared that I might end up accidentally killing you.”
The crowd erupted into a frenzy with his words. Nobody had anticipated Dustin’s audacity, as he seemed to dismiss Yonah entirely.
Yonah was a prodigy of the Drakes Dominion Order and a prominent figure within the sect. His skills sat at the advanced stages of a divine-level martial artist, far surpassing the capabilities of the two elite disciples from earlier.
Anyone who dared challenge such a formidable opponent would be seeking their own death.
“You insolent fool! You truly have a death wish!”
Enraged, Yonah swiftly unsheathed his sword, launching a fierce assault against Dustin.
Yonah displayed remarkable speed. Moving like the wind, he appeared in front of Dustin in the blink of an eye.
The sword in his hand emitted a sharp sword aura, destroying the vegetation in its path. For a moment, dust and debris flew everywhere, displaying an astonishing momentum.
“Dustin, be careful!” Jackson’s expression shifted as he warned Dustin.
Just when everyone thought that Yonah’s lethal strike would land, Dustin made a sudden move. Instead of dodging, he simply extended two fingers and clamped down on Yonah’s blade.
The once formidable sword was instantly immobilized, frozen in place.
The onlookers were left in sheer disbelief.
###Chapter 1929 by Marina Vittori
Yonah’s sword quivered, emitting a faint buzzing sound. Its sharp blade remained trapped between Dustin’s fingers, and no matter how much Yonah forced it to move, it didn’t budge.
“What? He actually blocked it?”
Everyone was shocked by the scene before them. No one expected Dustin to have the ability to fend off a deadly attack with his bare hands. Just how formidable was he?
“How… how is this possible?” Yonah’s expression underwent a dramatic shift, displaying evident unease.
Even though he hadn’t unleashed his full strength, he had exerted 70% of his power. Ordinary divine-level martial artists wouldn’t stand a chance against his assault.
He had never met anyone like Dustin who could neutralize his attack with just two fingers.
“Is this the only move he has?” A ponytailed girl from the Frostwing Sect frowned, her expression grim.
Earlier at the inn’s dining hall, Dustin had similarly used two fingers to clamp down on her sword, dealing her a considerable blow.
It was daunting to witness him employ the same technique against a formidable opponent like Yonah.
“And here I thought you could pose a challenge, but it turns out that this is all you’ve got,” Dustin mocked, shaking his head.
“How dare you underestimate me! I’ll kill you!”
Enraged by the disdainful look, Yonah swiftly drew a dagger from his waist, aiming to stab Dustin’s heart. The dagger gleamed with a sinister darkness, indicating its poisoned nature.
“You’re overestimating yourself!” Dustin’s expression hardened. Moving like lightning, he pointed his sword right at Yonah’s chest.
Before his dagger could touch Dustin, Yonah was sent flying more than ten meters away like a projectile, slamming into the courtyard wall. Blood sprayed from his mouth and nose, presenting a miserable sight.
“Yonah!” The Drakes Dominion Order disciples were shocked at the scene they just witnessed.
They hadn’t anticipated a strong martial artist like Yonah to be defeated with just a single move. Even their sect’s most powerful genius, their eldest senior, likely didn’t possess such remarkable abilities.
“Who is this guy? How is he so strong?” Bran frowned, his expression hardening. He had initially expected Yonah to help him vent his frustrations, not end up severely injured.
The realization that he had nearly clashed with Dustin earlier sent a shiver down his spine. If Dustin could defeat Yonah, there was a high possibility that he could subdue him as well.
Before the sect elders arrived, it seemed unwise to act rashly.
“You truly can’t judge a book by its cover. I never expected Dustin to possess such strength,” Jackson remarked, both astonished and delighted.
Just moments ago, he had believed Dustin was in serious trouble, but the tables had turned dramatically.
If news spread about Dustin’s one- move victory against Yonah, his reputation would undoubtedly soar throughout the Southwest region.
###Chapter 1930 by Marina Vittori
“So, do you still want me to hand Ryan over?” Dustin walked up to Yonah and looked at him condescendingly. His expression betrayed no emotion.
Coughing up blood, Yonah struggled to get up from the ground. His tone was bitter as he exclaimed, “W-Who are you? How dare you go against the Drakes Dominion Order.”
“You don’t have the right to know.”
Dustin continued calmly, “Now, before I lose my temper, run as far away from me as you can. Otherwise, you won’t be just coughing up blood.”
“You-!” Yonah gritted his teeth. With difficulty, he held himself back from attacking.
Dustin was clearly stronger. It wouldn’t be wise to challenge him right now. After all, it wouldn’t be too late to seek revenge after their Elder arrived.
“You brat! I’m going to remember this! Just you wait. I’m going to make you pay a hundredfold for the humiliation I suffered today!”
With that, Yonah left gloomily with the rest of his group.
“What are you still standing around for? Do I need to send you off personally?” Dustin shifted his gaze to the disciples of the Frostwing Sect.
“You punk! Don’t get too arrogant! The world is unpredictable. You’ll get into trouble sooner or later!” Bran glared at Dustin before leaving with his fellow disciples.
Wise men avoided unnecessary trouble. Since even Yonah had left, there was no point in staying any longer. With the disciples of the Drakes Dominion Order and the Frostwing Sect gone, the remaining forces also scattered.
Despite their dissatisfaction, they knew it wouldn’t be easy to take someone away from Dustin.
Since he had defeated Yonah, no one else would be a match for Dustin. Now, they only had two options: resort to cunning schemes or bring in more formidable experts.
“Dustin, I didn’t expect you to be this strong. It’s truly impressive!” Jackson walked up to Dustin with a smile.
Initially driven by enthusiasm, Jackson’s sentiment had transformed into genuine admiration.
“It’s just a modest skill. Nothing worth boasting about,” Dustin responded with a smile.
“Dustin, you’re too humble. With your talent and abilities, joining any sect would earn you great respect,” Jackson commented sincerely.
Once news of Dustin effortlessly defeating Yonah and compelling Bran to retreat spread, various factions would surely seek his allegiance.
“Kid, don’t get too excited. Even though you’re skilled, nothing good will come out of offending the Drakes Dominion Order. ” a middle-aged man in a cloak and a straw hat suddenly said. The man was none other than Aidan Ridge, the Sandscale.
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Ridge,” Jackson greeted him immediately.
“What can I do for you, Mr. Ridge?” Dustin asked calmly.
“The Drakes Dominion Order is the top sect in Southwest, boasting formidable experts. Yonah, the one you just defeated, is merely a disciple.
“The true powerhouses, the Guardian and the Elder, have yet to reveal themselves. With your current skills, you won’t stand a chance once they enter the fray. Your path will only lead to a dead end,” Aidan warned.
“What are you really trying to say, Mr. Ridge?” Dustin asked.
“The Drakes Dominion Order is a force to be reckoned with, and you won’t be able to take them on alone.
Fortunately, you’ve crossed paths with me. I happen to possess the means to help you resolve this impending disaster,” Aidan said confidently.
“Nothing is free in this world. What’s your condition?” Dustin arched an eyebrow.
“You’re smart!” Aidan smiled faintly.
“I recognize your talent and fearlessness toward authority, and your temperament aligns with my preferences.
“Since I lack a successor, should you agree to become my disciple, not only will I guarantee your safety, but I’ll also pass down all the knowledge I’ve accumulated throughout my life!”
###Chapter 1931 by Marina Vittori
While Dustin did not react to Aidan’s invitation, Jackson suddenly became excited.
“Dustin, why are you silent? Hurry up and agree! This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!” Jackson prodded Dustin eagerly.
Aidan Ridge was the Sandscale. He was one of the five most powerful martial artists in the Southwest and on par with Jackson’s master, reaching the level of a grandmaster.
Every year, countless martial artists vie to become Aidan’s disciples. However, his disdain for ordinary weaklings, due to his proud and unpredictable temperament, kept him a solitary figure.
Unexpectedly, the proud Sandscale had chosen to take on a disciple of his own accord today.
“Thank you, Mr. Ridge. However, I have no intention of taking on a master. “Dustin declined while shaking his head.
“Young man, I don’t just take in anyone. You should think it over.” Aidan raised an eyebrow in surprise.
Due to his status, there were countless people eager to become his disciples every day. He didn’t expect to be refused outright.
“Dustin, opportunities like this are rare. If you accept Mr. Ridge as your master, the Frostwing Sect and the Drakes Dominion Order will never dare harm you. Hurry up and agree!”
Jackson urged Dustin anxiously.
Jackson believed Dustin must have declined due to his unfamiliarity with Aidan’s strong reputation. Apprenticing under a grandmaster was an enormous opportunity in the martial world.
Considering that Aidan had never taken on a disciple before, accepting the offer meant Dustin would be a true disciple with limitless prospects.
“Thank you, Mr Ridge, for your kind offer, but I genuinely have no intention of having a master.” Dustin shook his head once more.
“Dustin! You really … Ugh!” Jackson was both frustrated and anxious as he stomped his feet. Since Dustin had provoked both the Frostwing Sect and the Drakes Dominion Order, he would be in constant danger if he had no powerful backing.
Accepting Aidan’s offer would not only guarantee his safety, but his martial arts cultivation would also skyrocket. It was a win-win situation.
He couldn’t understand why Dustin was so stubborn, especially when he had openly hinted at the advantages.
“Alright, if you’re unwilling to be my disciple, I won’t force it. I can certainly find another worthy disciple. It seems like fate is not upon us,” Aidan remarked indifferently.
He had given Dustin two chances, which the latter didn’t seem to appreciate. With his status, he couldn’t beg someone to be his disciple.
“Let’s put this matter aside for now. Let’s talk about the person inside instead.”
Aidan changed the subject and continued, “I believe you should be aware that the person inside is a highly coveted prize. Major forces will be fighting for him.
“With the few people you have here, I doubt you can keep him safe. However, it will be different if I join you.”
“Are you proposing a deal?” Dustin caught on quickly.
“More or less.” Aidan nodded. “I can ensure your safety and assist in handling various challenges. The only condition is that you share information with me.”
“Share information?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
Rather than making a decision on his own, he looked at Grace. Since Grace was leading the team, he didn’t want to overshadow her authority.
“No problem,” Grace replied with a smile.
“We are short on manpower and will be stronger with your assistance. So, why not?”
As a martial arts grandmaster, Aidan was considerably powerful, and in crucial moments, he would be an asset.
However, Grace valued Aidan’s reputation even more.
As one of the top five most powerful martial artists in the Southwest, the name Sandscale carried enough weight to deter any troublemakers.
With Aidan by their side, she would face fewer troubles, so she chose a temporary alliance.
“A wise choice.” Aidan nodded in satisfaction.
“When we enter the oasis and get a hold of treasure, I assure you that your contributions will be duly rewarded. You won’t find yourself at a disadvantage.”
“In that case, we appreciate your generosity,” Grace responded with a subtle smile. Her primary focus was on the Dracan essence. She didn’t mind relinquishing the other valuable treasures to him.
One hour later, Ryan regained consciousness. Following Dustin’s treatment, his mental state had returned to normal, and the earlier agitation seemed to have subsided.
“Ryan, how are you feeling? Is your body improving?” Grace brought him a glass of warm water.
“Thank you. I’m feeling much better now.” Ryan nodded, holding the glass of warm water in both hands and drinking it in one gulp.
After traveling for a day and night through the desert, he was tired and thirsty.
“Ryan, I know this may not be the best timing, but we have some questions for you.”
Observing Ryan’s calmer demeanor, Grace delved into the matter, “What exactly is inside that oasis? What did you see?”
Ryan shuddered involuntarily at her question, his expression betraying lingering fear. Fortunately, it wasn’t as intense as before, and he managed to keep his composure.
“Monsters… There are numerous monsters inside the oasis. Anyone who ventures in is devoured by those monsters!” Ryan’s voice quivered slightly.
“Devoured?”
The expressions of those present shifted.
Many who explored the oasis were divine-level martial artists. If even they succumbed, the strength of the monsters within must be unimaginable.
“Tell us more. What did these monsters look like, and where did they come from?” Dustin pressed on. 1
“There were all sorts of strange creatures, and their numbers were overwhelming. It’s impossible to defend against them. Nobody knows where they come from.” Ryan swallowed, visibly shaken.
“Is there anything else besides the monsters?” Jackson interjected suddenly.
Having come on his master’s orders to search for treasures, he was fearless in the face of danger.
If Ryan confirmed the presence of treasures, the Embersteel Order would deploy highly skilled experts to explore the oasis.
“I understand what you’re trying to ask. Like you, I entered seeking treasures,” Ryan admitted candidly.
He added, “To be honest, there are countless treasures inside the oasis. However, the problem is that formidable monsters lurk near these treasures. Once you get close, there’s no chance of surviving!”
###Chapter 1932 by Marina Vittori
“No chance at surviving? Is it really that dangerous?” Jackson was shocked. Ryan was the Arcane Path Guild’s prodigy, possessing strength comparable to Jackson. The monsters in the oasis must be exceptionally formidable for him to say that.
“I’m not trying to scare you. It’s genuinely horrifying in there. My seniors and juniors were eaten by those monsters.
“If I hadn’t run fast enough and been lucky, I might have suffered the same fate,” Ryan said with a pained expression. He had watched helplessly as his fellow disciples were killed, and the feeling was unbearable.
“Seems like our mission this time is teeming with danger!” Jackson appeared pensive.
Although the Arcane Path Guild wasn’t a Southwest sect, their strength rivaled that of the Embersteel Order.
The fact that their team of elite disciples that were sent on the exploration barely survived indicated the extreme danger within the oasis.
It would be a challenge for Jackson to venture in with his current abilities. He would have to seek the assistance of their sect’s formidable experts.
“Opportunities come with great risk. If you want treasures, you’ll have to put your life on the line. There’s no such thing as a free lunch. If any of you are afraid, feel free to back out. I won’t stop you,” Aidan said indifferently.
As a martial arts grandmaster, his formidable strength was his greatest confidence. Those monsters were nothing in his eyes.
“Mr. Ridge, we’ve prepared ourselves for the risks when we came here. We’re not afraid of death, but we also don’t wish to die in vain.
“If what Ryan said was true, the oasis is an extremely dangerous place. I just think it’s necessary to seek more help, just in case,” Jackson suggested.
“What you do is none of my concern. Once inside the oasis, feel free to go your own way.” Aidan Ignored his concern.
Most of them present were burdens in his eyes, but for now, these burdens still had some use for him.
“Ryan, I have another question,” Grace said. “Did you notice anything special inside the oasis? For example, an area with strong spiritual energy or particularly lush vegetation?”
Her question was driven by the Dracan essences’ ability to absorb energy from around it, gathering the spiritual energy of nature.
Wherever the Dracan essence exists, spiritual energy becomes exceptionally dense, and various flora and fauna undergo transformations of varying degrees.
“Your question reminds me of something.” Ryan nodded. He continued, “The spiritual energy inside the oasis is indeed unusually thick. Training inside would bring rapid progress. If it weren’t for the danger, I wouldn’t have wanted to leave.”
With his talents, staying inside for a year and a half would likely lead him to a breakthrough to the level of a grandmaster. Unfortunately, he didn’t possess the courage or skills to stay inside.
“If that’s the case, the thing I’m looking for must be in there,” Grace whispered to herself. She had confirmed her previous suspicions. The oasis must be concealing a Dracan essence.
“I’ve shared all the information I have. Whether you heed it or not, I must emphasize, don’t venture inside.”
Ryan’s expression was grim. “There’s nothing better than being alive. There’s no need to risk it for material gain.”
“”Thank you for the concern, but we know what we’re doing,” Grace said with a smile.
She added, “There’s one more thing. We’ve informed your guild, and they’ll be arriving tomorrow to bring you back. In the meantime, you can rest here and recover.”
“Thank you, everyone.” Ryan expressed his gratitude with a slight bow.
“Hey, kid! Our team just so happens to be lacking a guide. Since you’ve been inside once, why not lead us again? As long as we find treasure, you’ll get a share,” Aidan suddenly suggested.
“Mr. Ridge, it was with difficulty that I escaped alive. I’m not willing to risk my life again. Please understand,” Ryan replied in anguish.
###Chapter 1933 by Marina Vittori
Ryan’s experience inside the oasis was like a never-ending nightmare. Just the thought of it sent shivers down his spine, and he lacked the courage to venture back inside.
“What is there to fear? With me around, nothing would hurt you. No matter how dangerous it is, I can keep you completely safe,” Aidan declared confidently.
“Mr. Ridge, please don’t take the oasis lightly,” Ryan said, shaking his head.
“We only roamed the outskirts for a while but already encountered various dangers that resulted in injuries and casualties.
“The inner areas remain unexplored, but I can assure you that the deeper you venture, the more dangerous it becomes. The monsters also grow stronger, and even grandmasters should proceed with caution.”
“Kid, aren’t you exaggerating a bit? You’re just a divine-level martial artist and may not fully grasp the true strength of a grandmaster.”
Aidan continued dismissively, ” Besides, I’m not your average grandmaster. I can deal with a few monsters within minutes.”
“I have no doubt about your abilities, Mr. Ridge. However, there are too many uncertainties within the oasis, so you will still need to be careful,” Ryan cautioned.
“Forget it. It seems like you’ve had quite the scare. I won’t press you. Just draw me a map of the routes and everything you’ve observed. It might come in handy sometime.” Aidan compromised.
“Now that won’t be a problem.” Ryan nodded. Compared to risking his life, drawing a map was a trivial task.”
Meanwhile, inside a tea house in the village, Yonah and Bran were having a private conversation. The disciples of the Drakes Dominion Order and the Frostwing Sect had formed a temporary alliance because of Dustin.
“Yonah, you were injured earlier. This is our sect’s Frostgenix. It has miraculous effects on internal injuries. You should give it a try.” Bran took out a bottle of medicinal pills and handed them to Yonah.
“Thank you, Bran!” Yonah accepted them without hesitation. Opening the bottle, he swallowed two pills.
Frostgenix was the Frostwing Sect’s exclusive formulation. It was known to promote meridian circulation and remove blood stasis.
As anticipated, upon consuming the pills, the coursing blood and energy within Yonah’s body achieved a smoother flow.
“I’ve asked around. The person who injured you is Dustin Rhys, the masked woman’s bodyguard. Although he’s young, he possesses extraordinary skills.
“Fortunately, he doesn’t seem to have much of a background, so dealing with him shouldn’t be too difficult.” Bran quickly shared all the information he had gathered.
“Hmph! I don’t care about his background. Anyone who dares challenge us must pay the price in blood!” Yonah hissed.
“How do you plan to approach this? Are you going to seek help from your seniors?” Bran probed.
“There’s no need to involve them for such a trivial matter. I can handle it alone.”
“With Dustin’s considerable skills and the added resistance from Jackson of the Embersteel Order, confronting them directly won’t be easy.”
“There are many ways to kill someone, and a direct confrontation is the least favorable option.” Yonah shook his head.
“Oh? Do you already have a plan?” Bran raised an eyebrow.
“Open threats are easier to evade than hidden schemes. A little scheming is all I need to take his life. Just wait and see! “Yonah’s eyes gleamed dangerously.
“Is that so? I’ll be eagerly waiting then.
“Bran smiled.
Dustin possessed talent, skill, and great potential. If they were allies, he could be a valuable asset.
However, if he turned into an enemy, he would pose a significant threat that must be eliminated swiftly.
###Chapter 1934 by Marina Vittori
Night quickly descended over Dusthaven Village as an increasing number of factions gathered. Among them were reputable sects, dark factions, renowned martial arts grandmasters, and infamous villains.
Despite their divergent identities and viewpoints, they all shared a common ive-venture into the oasis in pursuit of treasures.
As the village crowded with people, tensions flared and conflicts rose. Members of dark factions engaged in acts of murder and theft, while those from reputable sects exploited the pretext of combating evil to eliminate rival contenders.
After nightfall, a gruesome scene unfolded silently within the village. Several people had met their demise even before embarking on their quest for treasures.
Meanwhile, inside an inn near the village entrance, Dustin, Grace, Jackson, Aidan, Garrett, and a few others carefully examined the map Ryan had drawn.
Given its somewhat sloppy nature, they had to study it closely to understand it. It was also mainly because Ryan had sketched the map solely from memory, and not everything was entirely accurate.
“What in the world is this map? I can’t make heads or tails of it!” Jackson scratched his head in frustration.
“Don’t count on me for anything that requires using my brain. I’m only responsible for fighting.”
Aidan hated complicated stuff. He sat to one side and casually drank his beer.
“Assuming Dusthaven Village is the starting point of the map, it will take us at least a day to reach the oasis. Along the way, we’ll encounter two dangerous zones.”
She pointed to the hastily drawn map, explaining while she studied it, “Here is the quicksand area. We must proceed with caution since getting stuck could lead to suffocation.
“The environment is even worse since ground temperatures could exceed 160 degrees. If luck isn’t on our side, we might even run into a sandstorm.”
“No way! You can actually decipher this map?” Jackson exclaimed in amazement.
“Before arriving here, I had studied the topography of the Deadlands. Combining that knowledge with Ryan’s map, I can roughly deduce the oasis’ location,” Grace replied.
“I have to admit, women tend to be more meticulous than us clueless men, “Jackson said, sincerely praising Grace.
While he came in search of treasures for his sect, he didn’t thoroughly prepare before arriving, merely going with the flow and taking each step as it came.
However, Grace was different. She not only had a professional team with her but also possessed expert knowledge, meticulously planning each step.
She seemed capable of handling any unforeseen circumstances. Leading such a large team as a woman truly showcased her astounding capabilities.
“Now that we’ve figured the map out, when do we leave?” Aidan asked.
“The Deadlands pose harsh conditions, making it unsafe to enter by car.
Therefore, before we depart, we’ll need to secure enough camels for all of us as transport.
“I’ve already reached out to Mr. Zaeske, requesting his assistance in making the necessary preparations at double the usual price.
“If everything proceeds as planned, he should be able to complete the task tonight. Otherwise, we’ll have everything ready by tomorrow,” Grace explained.
As soon as they arrived at Dusthaven Village, Grace had tasked someone with contacting Kayson, offering a substantial sum of money to purchase a considerable number of camels for transporting supplies.
Considering the time passed, they should be receiving news soon.
While they were in the midst of their discussion, the overhead lightbulb began to flicker erratically. After a few seconds, it extinguished abruptly, plunging the room into complete darkness.
“What’s going on? Did the power just go out?”
A few of them exited the room and found the entire inn engulfed in darkness. It became clear that there was a power outage.
Soon, complaints echoed from the neighboring rooms.
“This is ridiculous! This rundown place doesn’t even have electricity?
“What a miserable inn! I demand a refund!”
“Who’s the person in charge here?”
###Chapter 1935 by Marina Vittori
“Sir… Sir, I don’t know what you’re saying. Let go of me. I can’t breathe.”
The middle-aged woman was lifted off the ground, and her face was beet red. She kept struggling to break free, but it was to no avail.
She was like a weak chick in Dustin’s hands-he could kill her at any second.
“Dustin, what are you doing?” Jackson furrowed his brow in confusion. It was not appropriate for a civilized person like Dustin to make a move on innocent civilians.
“Are you crazy, Dustin? She was kind enough to send us candles. Yet, you’re trying to hurt her. How cruel.” After seeing that, Garrett scolded Dustin indignantly.
On the other hand, Aidan was sipping on wine relaxedly. It was as if he was an outsider in this situation. Grace wore a confused expression. However, she didn’t say anything. She knew Dustin had his reasons.
“This person is suspicious. She wants to harm us!” Dustin glared at the middle-aged woman, not wanting to let go.
“Sir, I… I didn’t do anything. It must be a misunderstanding.” The middle- aged woman seemed horrified. Her voice was hoarse, and she looked weak.
“Dustin, do you have any evidence for that?” Jackson asked.
“That’s right! She’s just a villager. How could she have any evil intentions? Aren’t you just making things up?” Garrett scolded.
Garrett didn’t like Dustin the moment he met him. Thus, he wanted to use this opportunity to bring Dustin down.
“The candle she lit is poisonous. You’ll feel dizzy after inhaling it for more than three minutes, and you’ll die after five. Do you still think that she’s innocent?” Dustin asked, turning to look at Garrett.1
Upon hearing that, the middle-aged woman narrowed her eyes, and shock appeared on her face. 2
However, Garrett didn’t believe Dustin and continued to rebuke, “Nonsense! It’s just two candles. What poison can it contain? I think you’re just being overly suspicious!”
“If you think there’s no problem with it, you can get closer and inhale it. Let’s see if you’ll be alive or dead in five minutes,” Dustin replied indifferently.
“You-“Garrett gritted his teeth.
Although he wanted to retort, he didn’t want to risk his life. Dustin was confident in his stance. Thus, one would find it difficult to doubt him.
“This candle is indeed weird.” Jackson marched up to the candle and sniffed it.
“Even if the candle is poisonous, it doesn’t mean that she’s the one behind it. Perhaps someone had used her,” Garrett could only rebuke.
“If she’s not the one behind it, is it you? “Dustin sneered.
“Hey! Don’t falsely accuse me!”
Garrett’s expression changed.
Although he wasn’t the one behind it, he did think of poisoning Dustin. Thus, he felt a bit guilty.
“You better shut up, if you have nothing to do with it. Don’t disturb me questioning her.” Dustin glared at Garrett. Then, he turned his attention back to the middle-aged woman. “Tell us who wanted to kill us. If you do, I can spare your life.”
“Sir, I don’t know anything. I’m not involved in it…” The middle-aged woman kept shaking her head innocently.
“Do you think I’m easy to fool?” Dustin suddenly gripped her wrist and turned her palm over.
“Look at your hand,” he said indifferently. “There are thick calluses on your finger and the part between your thumb and index finger.
“This is something a person wielding a knife long-term will have. If you’re just a waitress, why do you have these calluses?”
The woman’s expression immediately changed after hearing Dustin’s questions.
She didn’t expect Dustin to be so alert. Not only did he immediately notice the candle was poisonous, but he also saw through her act.
Dustin was only about 20 years old, after all. Yet, he seemed even more difficult to deal with than an experienced old man.
“Let me ask you one last time. Who ordered you to kill us?”
Dustin gradually tightened his grip, causing the woman to go green. She was beginning to suffocate, and the fear of dying spread through her body.
After struggling for a few seconds, the woman finally agreed, “I’ll talk… The person who asked me to poison you is…
Before she could finish talking, a burst of wind sounded outside the window. Then, a large number of projectiles shot through it.
It was like a violent storm targeting everyone inside.
“Be careful!” Dustin panicked. He immediately let go of the woman and shielded Grace.
A true energy force field appeared with a shudder of his body, blocking all the projectiles.
However, Dustin soon noticed that something was wrong. He turned to look and found that the woman was dead, killed by the projectiles.
It was obvious that the projectiles were not to target him, but to get rid of the woman. The other party was well- prepared.
“It seems like the blackout was not a coincidence. Thankfully, Dustin found out in time. Otherwise, we would be in danger,” Jackson said grimly.
“We just arrived here and didn’t offend anyone. Who’s cruel enough to kill us?” Garrett’s expression darkened. The projectiles just now were all poisonous. Garrett would have been dead if he didn’t dodge in time.
“There are two possibilities. Perhaps someone intended to kill us and snatch the goods. Or, someone is taking revenge,” Jackson said.
He glanced at Dustin and added, ”
Dustin, you’ve offended Yonah, so you have to be careful in the future. Perhaps tonight’s incident has something to do with him.”
“I’ll be more alert.” Dustin nodded.
Dustin couldn’t be bothered about Drakes Dominion Order’s Yonah or Frostwing Sect’s Bran. If they wanted to cause trouble, Dustin didn’t mind killing them.
“Captain Wilder, I prepared a bottle of Curax. You should let everyone consume one, just in case.” Grace took out a bottle of medicine and handed it to Garrett.
“No problem,” Garrett answered before leaving.
As Grace expected, everyone in the room with the lit candles was poisoned.
The culprit was adamant to get rid of all of them!
###Chapter 1936 by Marina Vittori
Five minutes later, Garrett returned to the room pooled with sweat.
“Ms. Nicholson, you were right. Most of our men were poisoned. Thankfully, you gave us a bottle of Curax. Otherwise, we’d be in deep trouble.”
“Nobody died, right?” Grace asked.
“There’s a few people that were severely injured and couldn’t move. However, it’s not life-threatening,” Garrett answered.
“That’s good.” Grace let out a sigh of relief.
There was a hint of anger in her eyes.
Grace never provoked anyone, but she was not one to let things slide, either. The culprit had used such a sinister way to harm them. There was no way she could let it go.
“Captain Wilder, pick a few subordinates to investigate who’s behind this. Let me know once you find something,” Grace ordered.
“Yes!” Garrett answered before going out the door. His Black Scorpion Squad members were also poisoned, so he was similarly furious.
“Ms. Linsor, something bad has happened! The village chief is in danger!” Osley, Grace’s private butler, exclaimed as he hurried inside.
“What happened?” Grace raised an eyebrow.
“The village chief called me just now to take the camel and pay the balance. However, his house was a mess when I got there, with many people injured or dead.
“I’m not sure what happened to Ryan. He suddenly went berserk and killed anyone in his way. He was so fierce that nobody could stop him,” Osley explained anxiously.
“How could this happen? Wasn’t Ryan just fine a while ago?” Grace furrowed her brow.
“I’m not sure what exactly happened, either. However, all of the village’s forces have been informed of this matter,” Osley replied.
“Let’s go and take a look!” Grace led them out the door after a brief contemplation. A few hundred armed young men were surrounding a man with messy hair in the village center.
The man’s eyes were bloodshot, and veins were bulging on his face. His muscles swelled, making him seem like a crazy beast.
The man was no other than Ryan from Arcane Path Guild. However, he was no longer as sickly as before. He was now energetic and powerful, not to mention he had completely lost his mind.
He would tear anyone’s limbs apart if they got close to him. In just a few minutes, multiple corpses lay on his feet, blood staining the ground.
“Die! I want all of you to die!” Ryan roared, mirroring that of a beast.
At one point, a black line appeared on his body. The lines were like earthworms and looked extremely strange. It started from Ryan’s chest and kept spreading.
Ryan’s skin and bories would be strengthened tremendously wherever the black limes touched.
Nobody there was able to stop him.
“Quick! Tie him up now!” Kayson was ordering the village’s young men.
Those young men were all part of the envoy team he formed, specially trained by skilled teachers. They were a team of elites that could deal with bandits effortlessly.
However, they were not a match against Ryan. Almost ten of their men had been killed.
“Use the golden net!”
The head of the envoy team immediately ordered someone to get a golden net. Then, they hurled it toward Ryan.
“Monsters! You monsters! I want to kill all of you!”
After being trapped in the net, Ryan was struggling wildly. He was pulling several people forward because of how powerful he was.
“Quick! Let’s all try to stop him!”
With Kayson’s order, a few hundred people pounced on Ryan and grabbed the net. They were all trying to stop him. Some even took out wooden stakes and nailed the net to the ground.
Ryan let out inhumane roars.
With the help of the sturdy golden net and the efforts of over 100 people, they finally managed to trap Ryan temporarily.
“That was close!” Kayson let out a sigh of relief. Beads of sweat had covered his forehead.
In his frenzy, Ryan’s strength had increased. It made him extremely hard to deal with. If they didn’t have the golden net, they might not be able to capture him.
“Mr. Zaeske, what happened?” Grace and the others finally arrived.
“Ms. Linsor, you came here just in time. I don’t know what happened to Ryan. He suddenly went berserk and hurt several of our men.
“If we weren’t well trained and armed, we probably wouldn’t be able to control him,” Kayson immediately replied after wiping the sweat off his forehead.
“Why did he become like this?” Grace furrowed her brow as he looked at Ryan. Ryan’s eyes were bloodshot as he remained trapped inside the net. He bared his teeth and wore an unusual ferocious expression.
His huge and muscular body caused him to look completely different than before. If Ryan was about 5.5 feet before, he was about 6.5 feet now!
His muscles bulged, and black lines covered his skin. Some of his body parts even grew scales, causing him to look like a monster.1
“Could it be that he got poisoned before?” Kayson tried asking.
Dustin immediately shut that idea. “I don’t think so. I healed Ryan myself. I’ve also cleared up all the poison in his body. Thus, there shouldn’t be any side effects.”
Kayson furrowed his brow and asked thoughtfully, “That’s weird. How could he suddenly go berserk?”
“Mr. Zaeske, did Ryan act unusually after we left?” Grace suddenly asked.
“Unusually?” After thinking for a moment, Kayson shook his head. “I don’t think so.”
He continued, “After you guys left. Ryan went back to his room and slept. Nothing strange happened during that time. We only found out that he had gone berserk when I ordered someone to send him food an hour ago.”
“Dustin, what do you think?” Grace looked at him.
“Ryan’s body has undergone changes that caused him to be more powerful. However, this kind of enhancement is lethal. If this continues, Ryan’s body might blow up, and he’d die,” Dustin said grimly.
Although Dustin had read many ancient medical books, he had never encountered a case like Ryan’s.
“Oh no! The golden wire is about to break!” someone shouted from the crowd.
###Chapter 1937 by Marina Vittori
“Oh no! The golden net is about to break!” A shout suddenly sounded.
When everyone looked over, Ryan’s body seemed to grow bigger in the golden net. He was covered in black lines from head to toe.
His teeth and nails had become sharper while his eyes turned from red to black. He was even letting out roars like a beast.
Ryan’s roar grew louder after each one, and his expression contorted into an ugly snarl.
His back slowly arched, causing the golden net’s wires to snap one by one. Ryan let out another roar. His sharp nails grabbed the net and ripped it apart.
The sturdy golden net was torn into half, revealing a huge gap in it. Due to inertia, the young men holding onto the net crashed to the ground.
“Oh no! This crazy man is about to escape!”
“Quick! Find a way to trap him!”
Everyone was startled. They quickly took out ropes, looped them around Ryan, and swung it around swiftly. They planned to tie him up that way.
Ryan roared up to the sky, and his robust body shook violently. With a series of cracking sounds, the thick ropes broke one after another. None of them managed to hold him down.
“We can’t hold him back anymore! Everyone, run!” The young men in the village were startled. They quickly dumped their weapons and started to run away.
They could still remember how brutal Ryan was when he killed their men. Thus, they knew they were doomed once Ryan got close to them. They were helpless against such an indestructible and powerful monster.
“What a bunch of losers! Make way!” At this moment, a man wearing a green shirt soared into the air from the crowd and landed before Ryan.
The man in green was carrying a spear. He stood tall with his robe fluttering. He exuded a powerful aura, causing him to stand out.
“Look! It’s Sebastian Zaffino!”
“Sebastian? Isn’t he the Deadly Spear that dominated Southwest?”
“That’s right. I heard he’s already a fully developed divine-level martial artist at just 30 years old!
“His spear technique is even at its peak. He’s also a prodigious figure that all martial clans would like to have!”
“That’s great! I didn’t expect Sebastian to be here. We’re saved!”
A lot of people were thrilled with Sebastian’s arrival. It was as if they had seen their savior. Southwest didn’t lack capable martial artists, for they emerged one after another.
Sebastian was one of the famous martial artists in the circle. It would not be a problem for a skilled martial artist like him to suppress Ryan.
“Ryan, your act of killing innocent people is unacceptable! Surrender immediately, or I won’t hold back!” Sebastian pointed his spear and shouted.
Ryan didn’t talk but let out a monster- like roar.
He dropped down onto all fours and shot forward forcefully.
Ryan turned into a black shadow and pounced toward Sebastian.
“How dare you!” Sebastian’s expression turned gloomy. He didn’t hold back anymore, thrusting his spear forward.
Immediately, lights and shadows shot around, and a howling wind ensued.
The beams of spear aura targeted Ryan from all directions like a venomous snake.
Then, the beams pierced Ryan from all sides.
###Chapter 1938 by Marina Vittori
Sebastian’s attack caused Ryan to back away, huffing. Ryan had already gone mad. Instead of using true energy to protect himself, he took on the attacks head-on.
Therefore, Ryan was injured all over by Sebastian’s ruthless spear aura. The former was bloody and covered in wounds.
When everyone thought the heavily- injured Ryan was about to drop to the ground, a shocking thing happened.
Having no disregard for his injuries, Ryan rushed toward Sebastian after an angry roar. It was as if Ryan didn’t feel any pain.
More terrifyingly, Ryan’s injuries were recovering quickly.
They were all terrified by how quickly his injuries healed.
“How dare you! Let’s see how I’ll kill you with this one shot!” Sebastian wasn’t deterred when he saw Ryan pouncing toward him.
With a swing of his spear, a dazzling silver light burst out and illuminated their surroundings.
“A Stunning Shot!” Sebastian narrowed his eyes. He swiftly pulled his spear backward before thrusting it forward.
There was a resounding roar.
The silver spear in Sebastian’s hands was immediately illuminated. It transformed into a silver dragon and rushed toward Ryan with a roar.
Sebastian’s attack was swift and ruthless. It carried a force that seemed like it could destroy anything in its way.
“His skills are amazing yet terrifying at the same time!”
“Is this how the Deadly Spear attacks? How powerful!”
“Nobody can be able to block his attack. Ryan is going to die soon!”
Seeing the silver dragon manifested by Sebastian, everyone was shocked. Although they had heard of Sebastian’s reputation, they had rarely seen him fight.
His attack finally made everyone understand how powerful he was. Ryan didn’t move away when faced with Sebastian’s attack. Instead, the former rushed straight at him.
A huge blast sounded.
Sebastian’s silver spear pierced right into Ryan’s stomach. The sharp spear pierced through his abdomen and straight through his back. It had penetrated his body. Oddly, the blood smeared on Sebastian’s spear was black and not red.
“Move away!” Sebastian shouted. While holding the spear with both hands, he rushed forward and rammed into Ryan.
With a thud, Sebastian pinned Ryan onto a tree. Ryan roared as he struggled manically. However, he was being pinned onto the tree with his legs dangling.
As he had no leverage, he could only bare his teeth and struggle in rage. However, it was worth mentioning that Ryan was still energetic despite having a spear pierced through his stomach.
“That’s the Deadly Spear, alright! How amazing. He finished this maniac with just two moves!”
“It’s such a relief that Sebastian is here. Otherwise, we’ll be in danger!”
“Brillant, Sebastian!”
Everyone was thrilled when they saw Ryan being suppressed. They immediately started to praise Sebastian. Even when more than 100 people attacked together, they still couldn’t beat Ryan earlier.
Yet, Sebastian had solved it so easily.
His powerful capability was truly admirable.
“What’s there to be so surprised about? He’s just a crazy man. I didn’t even use half of my strength just now.”
Sebastian spoke proudly.
Sebastian found little satisfaction in winning Ryan. After all, Ryan was merely an aggressive madman who lacked defensive skills.
Even if Ryan was not crazy, Sebastian could still triumph over him.
“Sebastian, watch out! Behind you!” Just as Sebastian was enjoying the flattery from those around him, a companion suddenly exclaimed.
“What?” When Sebastian instinctively turned to look, a gleam directly slashed onto his neck.
###Chapter 1939 by Marina Vittori
“What?” When Sebastian turned around, he was met with a gleam of light. It came at an extremely fast speed, bringing along a faint smell of blood.
The person who made the move was Ryan!
After being pinned to the tree, Ryan failed to break free. In the end, he grabbed the gun barrel with both hands and pulled himself forward by a foot.
When he got close to Sebastian, he targeted his neck.
His sharp nails were like blades of steel, extremely deadly.
“How pathetic!” Sebastian sneered when faced with the sudden attack. He punched right at Ryan without paying him any heed.
An explosion sounded.
Ryan’s nails cut through Sebastian’s energy armor. This caused Sebastian’s entire wrist to be cut off. Blood splattered everywhere at that moment.
“Ah!” Sebastian was taken aback seeing his hand on the ground. Immediately, he let out a shrill scream. Sebastian never expected Ryan’s nails to be that sharp. It could be compared to a divine weapon.
Ryan had broken his energy armor easily.
“My hand! My hand!” Sebastian covered his bleeding severed hand. He felt a mix of shock and anger, though he was more anxious than anything.
Sebastian thought he could easily suppress Ryan.
However, Sebastian found that his fists were practically useless in the battle. When faced with Ryan’s sharp claws, his hand had been cut off just like that.
Sebastian was startled by such a brutal attack.
Without giving Sebastian time to react, Ryan swung his fists and broke the gun barrel. With that, Ryan was freed. 2
Then, Ryan roared and rushed toward Sebastian.
“D-Don’t come over here. Get away!” Blood drained from Sebastian’s face. Without caring about his image, he turned around and ran away.
Sebastian was scarred from Ryan’s attack just now.
Now that Sebastian had lost a hand and that his spear was hanging on the tree, he didn’t have the courage to fight back.
Sebastian’s first instinct was to run away in the face of intense pain.
If he knew that this was going to happen, he wouldn’t have acted arrogantly earlier. Instead, he would have killed Ryan once and for all.
Nobody could have expected that Ryan was fearless after going berserk. He fought like he didn’t fear dying. Ryan was out of his mind!
Seeing Sebastian running away, Ryan naturally wouldn’t let him go. With a roar, Ryan chased after Sebastian.
“Somebody! Go and block this madman!” While running, Sebastian would turn and look back from time to time.
Soon, Sebastian was horrified to discover that Ryan was much faster than him. Ryan was charging forward like a tank as he ran.
Wherever Ryan passed, he left destruction in his wake. Nobody dared to stop Ryan when they saw such a scene. Everyone quickly scattered away, fearing to get involved.
“Save me! Somebody!” Seeing that Ryan was about to catch up to him, Sebastian screamed miserably. At that moment, Ryan had already caught up to him. He ripped Sebastian’s clothes with his claw-like fingers, leaving several deep bloodstains on his back.
“Ah!” Sebastian screamed.
Due to inertia, Sebastian stumbled and toppled to the ground. He fell flat on his face and was covered in dirt.
Ryan didn’t hold back at all. He pounced up to Sebastian like a beast. With his sharp fangs, he aimed straight at Sebastian’s neck.
Sebastian wanted to block it with his hand. However, Ryan bit at his arm instead, tearing large chunks of flesh.
Sebastian’s face became distorted from the pain he felt. His screams rang through the entire night sky. At this moment, Sebastian was terrified by the ferocious and sharp-teethed Ryan.
Sebastian couldn’t think of anything. He could only keep struggling to try and break free from Ryan. Ryan alternated between his hands and claws to ravage Sebastian violently, leaving the latter bruised and injured.
Just as Sebastian was about to be ripped apart, a figure suddenly swooped forward and gripped Ryan’s neck.
Then, the figure flung Ryan like a sandbag. After flying for about 30 feet, Ryan slammed into a tree.
The person who attacked was Dustin!
“Don’t kill me! Don’t kill me!” Sebastian lay on the floor and kept flinging his limbs anxiously in an attempt to protect himself.
After finding that there was no one on him, Sebastian snapped to his senses. Upon closer inspection, Sebastian found that Ryan was lying 30 feet away. The person standing beside him was a stranger.
“Can you still stand up? If you can, get away from here,” Dustin spoke indifferently while keeping his gaze on Ryan.
Dustin had witnessed the entire situation. It was clear that Ryan’s condition was more than just turning crazy.
Ryan’s speed, strength, defense, and even recovery skills had been strengthened. His limbs, skin, and five senses all exhibited varying degrees of mutation. At that moment, Dustin couldn’t find any trace of humanity in Ryan.
“Fuck! Why didn’t you make a move earlier? I was about to die just now!” After returning to his senses, Sebastian scolded Dustin first instead of thanking him.
Dustin furrowed his eyebrows and looked at the man lying on the ground confusedly. “What? What are you saying?”
Sebastian scolded frankly, “You almost killed me! I wouldn’t have been this injured if you weren’t so slow! Look at all the blood on me. It’s all your fault!”
“Are you crazy? Why are you blaming me when I saved your life?” Dustin asked indifferently.
Dustin had never seen someone as ridiculous as Sebastian. Not only was Sebastian not grateful, but he even bit the hand that fed him.
“What’s wrong with blaming you? Am I wrong? You could have saved me, yet you waited until I was severely injured to help. You’re just helping me for show!” Sebastian scolded, venting out all his anger.
Upon hearing that, Dustin sneered.
Someone who repaid kindness with enmity was truly disgusting.
“Why so silent? Do you feel guilty as I hit the nail on the head? I knew you had evil intentions!” Sebastian snorted.
“Okay, then. It’s true that I have other intentions. You can handle him by yourself, then.” Dustin turned around and left, not bothering to say more.
At that moment, Ryan was already back on his feet. His black orbs were glaring right at Sebastian indifferently.
###Chapter 1940 by Marina Vittori
Ryan roared lowly as an unknown black liquid oozed from his mouth. With his ferocious expression and a mouthful of fangs, he looked like a monster.
Sebastian shuddered in fear after locking his eyes with Ryan. Instantly, the former’s legs went weak.
“Hey, you! Where are you going? Save me now!” After seeing Dustin leave, Sebastian immediately shouted.
Sebastian no longer dared to attack after seeing Ryan in a frenzy just now. Even now, a mere glance from Ryan would send shivers down Sebastian’s spine.
“Weren’t you being so arrogant just now? You even said that I didn’t save you on purpose. Thus, this isn’t any of my business anymore. Face the consequences of your own actions,” Dustin said indifferently.
After all, Sebastian had bitten the hand that fed him. Dustin shouldn’t have helped such an ungrateful person. It didn’t matter to him whether Sebastian died or not, anyway.
“Stop right there! I’m ordering you to chase that crazy man away!” Sebastian screamed. However, Dustin kept walking like he didn’t hear him at all.
“Hey! Do you know who I am? I am Deadly Spear, Sebastian Zaffino. My mentor is one of Southwest’s five most powerful martial artists, the Gun King, Yannick Haberl!
“If you don’t save me, my mentor will definitely not let you off!” Sebastian tried to threaten Dustin.
In the entire Southwest, no one dared to offend his mentor.
“What? Yannick? He’s one of the top three in the entire Southwest!”
“I didn’t expect Sebastian’s mentor to be Yannick. No wonder Sebastian has been in the limelight these years, and no one dares to provoke him!”
“I heard Yannick is ruthless and is extremely protective. If his disciple dies here, I wonder if he’ll vent his anger on us!”
The onlookers in the distance chatted.
Yannick was even more reputable than Sandscale.
Therefore, Yannick undoubtedly dominated the entire Southwest. If Sebastian were really Yannick’s disciple, things would get complicated.
With Yannick’s personality, he would kill every single person involved, no matter if they were innocent or not.
At that moment, Jackson suddenly stepped forward and reminded seriously, “Dustin… Yannick is really powerful. Even Mr. Ridge treats him respectfully. You’d be in trouble if Sebastian dies.” 2
“I’m not the one who killed him, so what does it have to do with me?” Dustin asked indifferently.
“That’s true. However, Yannick is an unreasonable and protective person. If he knew that you stood by without helping, he’d definitely kill you,” Jackson replied.
Although Jackson didn’t like Sebastian, he had to consider who was backing Sebastian.
Even the Embersteel Order didn’t dare to provoke Yannick, not to mention a lone wolf like Dustin.
After seeing Dustin stopping in his tracks, Sebastian sneered. “So? Are you scared now? Come over now and protect me. If anything happens to me, everyone here will be doomed!”
Everyone went silent after hearing that. Nobody expected Sebastian to be so domineering. He had used his safety to threaten everyone’s lives.
However, Sebastian’s words were not baseless. With Yannick’s capability, he could get rid of everyone there.
“Yannick? Is he very powerful?” Dustin was expressionless.
“Of course! My mentor is one of the top three most powerful martial artists in the entire Southwest! What do you think?” Sebastian chortled while glaring at him.
“Since he’s so powerful, let him save you.” Dustin crossed his arms and backed away, seeming to be watching a show.
Sebastian froze before yelling, “You’ brat! Are you challenging me? You’re going to die a terrible death if you provoke my mentor!”
“Oh. So what?” Dustin remained unfazed, showing no hint of fear.
###Chapter 1941 by Marina Vittori
“You-” Just as Sebastian was about to give him an earful, a roar suddenly sounded. When he turned around, Ryan had already pounced on him.
Ryan was using his hands and legs to run at lightning speed. With every push off the ground, his nails would scrape and leave deep marks on the ground.
His nails were as sharp as steel blades.
“Someone! Save me! Don’t let this monster get close to me!” Sebastian’s expression turned horrified.
As Sebastian was injured too badly, he didn’t even have the strength to stand up. He could only manage to drag his battered body backward.
“What are you waiting for? Move!” Sebastian turned around and shouted at Dustin. However, Dustin didn’t move at all. He only looked at Sebastian silently.
“Dustin, don’t act recklessly. Sebastian can’t die here!” Jackson was a bit anxious.
“It’s none of my business.” Dustin remained unfazed.
“Fine. Looks like I need to make a move! “Jackson shook his head helplessly after seeing Dustin being stubborn.
Thus, Jackson drew his sword to save Sebastian. Sebastian couldn’t control Ryan despite being way more capable than Jackson. Thus, Jackson was unsure if he could subdue Ryan.
Attracted by the scent of blood, Ryan pounced on Sebastian.
“Don’t kill me! Don’t kill me!” Sebastian screamed as he covered his face with his hands. The crotch of his pants was already wet. The prestigious Deadly Spear had frightened himself to the point of wetting himself.
“You beast! Stop being so arrogant!” Just as Sebastian was about to be torn apart, Jackson stepped in and blocked in front of him.
Then, Jackson engaged in a bloody battle with Ryan. Ryan’s physical strength had been greatly enhanced. Thus, Jackson was completely outmatched against him.
Thankfully, Ryan had already lost his sanity and attacked without any strategy. He didn’t even know how to use true energy.
Thus, this gave a chance for Jackson.
Jackson managed to control Ryan with his agile footwork and the sword in his hand. However, Ryan was oblivious to pain and fatigue. He was still energetic no matter how serious his injuries were, making him practically indestructible.
If they continued this stalemate, Jackson would lose once he tired himself out.
“Someone! Get Sebastian away!” While facing Ryan’s ferocious attacks, Jackson ordered the Embersteel Order’s disciples to save Sebastian.
“Save him!” The Embersteel Order’s disciples reacted quickly. As Jackson stalled Ryan, they quickly brought Sebastian to somewhere safe and even gave him some medicine.
However, Sebastian was not grateful at all after being saved.
Instead, he yelled at Dustin, “You brat! How dare you try and harm me! It’s over for you and your entire family!
“Once my mentor gets here, I’m going to slice you up! I’ll even feed all your friends to the dogs!”
Dustin narrowed his eyes and said indifferently, “Is that so? It’s sad that you no longer have a chance to do so.”
“You-” Just as Sebastian wanted to continue yelling, a black light suddenly flashed and pierced directly through his neck.
Sebastian froze and widened his eyes.
In the next second, his head dropped to the ground.
Just like that, Sebastian was killed!
###Chapter 1942 by Marina Vittori
Sebastian’s head fell to the ground and rolled like a ball. Then, it came to a stop at the feet of the Emberson Steel’s disciples.
Sebastian’s widened eyes were filled with shock, disbelief, and bewilderment. Until his death, Sebastian never expected he wouldn’t meet his end at Ryan’s hands but would instead have his head severed by Dustin.
Sebastian wondered why this would happen. Sebastian was the well-known Deadly Spear and was Yannick’s disciple. With such a background, Sebastian’s future was bright.
Sebastian had gone to Deathlands to look for treasure, improve his cultivation level and reputation,
He had it all. Thus, his life was supposed to be smooth sailing and the of envy for everyone. He couldn’t understand why he would be defeated in such a small village.
Sebastian wanted to scream that he couldn’t accept his fate. However, he couldn’t utter a word. His brilliant life flashed through his head like a revolving lamp.
From a young age, Sebastian was gifted and blessed. He would succeed in anything he did without facing any obstacles.
According to his mentor, Sebastian had the potential to enter the Astonishing World List with his talent and become a top-tier martial artist. By that time, he could be admired by everyone.
Sebastian had anticipated such a wonderful thing to happen one day.
However, none of this would happen anymore. Sebastian finally knew he was not the protagonist and wasn’t a man of destiny. In the end, he could still die. In the midst of regret, Sebastian’s consciousness gradually descended into the darkness.
“W-What?” The few Emberson Steel’s disciples were frightened when they saw Sebastian’s severed head.
They were frozen on the spot, not knowing what to do. They used a lot of effort to save Sebastian. Yet, the latter’s head had been cut off in a blink of an eye.
None of them knew what had happened. When they looked over in shock, they found blood dripping down from Dustin’s black sword.
Obviously, Dustin was the one who killed Sebastian.
“Y-You actually killed Sebastian?”
“Dustin, you’re in huge trouble!”
“Sebastian is Yannick’s disciple. By killing him, you’re provoking Yannick! Yannick won’t let you off no matter where you escape!”
The several Emberson Steel’s disciples blabbed anxiously.
They didn’t expect Dustin to be brave enough to kill Yannick’s disciple.
Blood would be shed if Yannick was angered.
“Didn’t you hear him? He already wants to kill me. I’m being stupid if I let him live.” Dustin spoke indifferently.
Sebastian already wanted to kill Dustin. Thus, the latter had to get rid of a petty person like him quickly. Otherwise, there would be more trouble in the future. As for Yannick, Dustin didn’t pay him any heed.
“Dustin, as you’re friends with Jackson, I advise you to escape now. Once Yannick arrives, your life will be in great danger!” an Emberson Steel’s disciple advised.
“It doesn’t matter. I’ll deal with it when the time comes.” Dustin shrugged. The few Emberson Steel’s disciples exchanged glances. Then, they shook their heads and sighed.
Dustin was way too young. He had no idea how terrifying Yannick was.
Yannick was a powerful grandmaster martial artist. He could conjure a terrifying attack with just a casual strike. Thus, killing a Divine-level martial artist for him was as easy as stepping on an ant.
“Dustin, I admire your courage. I still stand by my word. If you become my disciple, I can ensure your safety.” At this moment, Aidan walked up and suggested.
“Thank you. However, I can take care of such a small issue like this myself.” Dustin didn’t put it to heart. 2
“Really? I’ll wait and see, then.” Aidan didn’t insist.
###Chapter 1943 by Marina Vittori
Aidan felt unhappy after Dustin rejected him so many times. However, Aidan was also a proud individual. Thus, Aidan wouldn’t continue to pester him. Aidan was sure Dustin would give in when he was on the brink of death.
“Don’t just stand there. You guys should go and help Jackson.” Dustin looked toward the few Emberson Steel’s disciples and reminded them. At this moment, Jackson was engaged in a back-and-forth battle with the frenzied Ryan.
However, Jackson’s speed and strength were noticeably depleting as he used his energy. On the other hand, Ryan showed no signs of fatigue and continued to fight in full force.
If they continued to fight like that, Jackson would soon lose.
“Quick! We should go and help Jackson! “The few Emberson Steel’s disciples exchanged glances. After drawing their sword, they rushed forward.
“Wait! Use this!” At that moment, Grace tossed a golden rope to one of the disciples. The golden rope was unusually sturdy. It looked special from how it emitted a glow.
After seeing the golden rope, Aidan widened his eyes and exclaimed, “Little Miss, could this be … the Draken Rope?”
“Mr. Ridge, you have a keen eye.” Grace nodded, not denying it. Upon hearing that, the few Emberson Steel’s disciples were stunned. “What? Draken Rope?”
Any martial artist with a bit of knowledge would know how precious Draken Rope was.
It was a famously rare item in the martial world.
It was so tough that it was resistant to blades, swords, fire, and water. Even a grandmaster martial artist wouldn’t be able to break free from it.
However, Draken Rope was rare to find in the entire martial world.
Plus, those of owned one were from major sects.
They didn’t expect that such a normal- looking woman would have such a precious item.
They wondered what was her identity.
“Stop staring at it. The most important thing is to save Jackson!” urged Grace.
“Oh, right!” The few Emberson Steel’s disciples snapped to their senses. Without hesitating, they immediately approached Ryan and tied him up using Draken Rope.
Although Ryan was extremely strong, he couldn’t resist against Draken Rope. After all, the rope could be used against grandmaster martial artists.
After being tied up, Ryan couldn’t break free, no matter how much he struggled or roared.
“Hang him up!” The disciples of Emberson Steel pulled the rope and suspended Ryan on a tree. This way, the latter would have no leverage to move.
“That was close!” Jackson let out a sigh of relief.
Jackson could tell that he was running out of energy. If he continued fighting, he might be in danger.
Even after being suspended in mid-air, Ryan didn’t stop struggling and yelling. Ryan’s facial veins bulged, his body size increased, and his muscles had reached their utmost limit. Plus, cracks appeared all over his body.
He looked like an overinflated balloon.
“Oh no! He’s about to explode! Get away!” Jackson’s expression turned grim. Immediately, he pulled his disciples backward.
However, Ryan suddenly exploded just as they retreated halfway.
A terrifying energy wave swept in all directions from the explosion point. Wherever it passed, it caused a hurricane and dust to billow all over.
It was unstoppable, mirroring a natural disaster.
###Chapter 1944 by Marina Vittori
The sudden explosion caught everyone off guard. Especially when the energy wave hit, many martial artists were thrown into disarray. Instantly, moans sounded throughout.
Thankfully, Jackson and the others managed to get away. Otherwise, they would be heavily injured if they were close to the explosion spot.
When the dust settled, everyone found that the village head’s house had been destroyed. The ground was filled with debris and wreckage.
Meanwhile, Ryan had disappeared along with the tree. The only thing left was the Draken Rope lying on the ground.
Plus, the ground was covered with black crystals that scattered around like cobblestones.
Dustin saw that those crystals shot out of Ryan’s body after he exploded.
The smell of the crystals signified that it was made from blood. A normal human’s blood was usually in liquid form, but Ryan’s blood had become crystals before he died.
It was an abnormal phenomenon.
Dustin always thought he was quite knowledgeable. However, everything that happened today was outside of his knowledge.
First, Ryan had gone crazy. Then, his body got stronger. He no longer feared pain or death, resembling a mad beast.
Most importantly, Ryan’s body had undergone weird changes. He had sharp teeth and nails, and black scales even appeared on his skin. This caused him to be nearly impervious to blades and swords.
Ryan couldn’t be considered a human by his appearance, but a monster!
The black solid crystals were enough to prove that there was something wrong with him.
Dustin wondered what had happened to Ryan for him to become like this.
Ryan was completely normal when Dustin performed a check-up on him. Yet, the former had undergone such big changes in just a few hours.
Perhaps Dustin had missed something.
Dustin furrowed his eyebrows thoughtfully.
Although Dustin was unsure of the reason, he felt that Ryan’s mutation had something to do with the mysterious oasis.
However, Ryan had already been killed. There was no way for Dustin to investigate about it now. It was just like the rumor. Those who entered the oasis would either go missing or dead. Nobody had been able to escape from this fate.
“Are these things the legendary eclipse spiritstone?” Grace picked up a black crystal on the ground. There was a hint of surprise in her eyes.
“What? Eclipse spiritstone? Are you sure?” This perked Aidan’s interest.
Eclipse spiritstone was a crystal infused with spiritual energy. Martial artists could absorb it and convert the spiritual energy inside into their own cultivation.
While there were also similar spiritual energy crystals in the martial world, they were extremely rare. Plus, they were not as effective as an eclipse spritstone. Bluntly put, the small eclipse spiritstone in Grace’s hands was worth billions of dollars if auctioned!
However, there was not only one eclipse spiritstone. Instead, the entire ground was scattered with it, making up about a thousand of them.
Their immense value made it difficult to calculate how much it was worth.
If someone were to absorb all of them, it could help a fully developed divine- level martial artist advance into a grandmaster martial artist.
Therefore, even a grandmaster martial artist like Aidan got excited when he saw the eclipse spritstone.
“I got an eclipse spritstone before, so I shouldn’t be wrong.” Grace held the black crystal and examined it.
Then, she changed the topic. ” However, this looks a bit different from the one I had last time.”
“It doesn’t matter as long as it’s an eclipse spritstone. I can feel the immense spiritual energy fluctuating inside of it!”
###Chapter 1945 by Marina Vittori
Aidan’s expression was thrilled. Without a care for his image, he immediately picked it up. All of these were precious crystals worth billions of dollars! It would be a good choice no matter if the person decided to sell or keep it.
“Eclipse spiritstone? This is actually an eclipse spiritstone?”
“Guys, quick! Let’s grab them!”
At this moment, many people recognized the black crystal on the floor and quickly snatched it. Although some didn’t know what was happening, they also joined in after seeing everyone grabbing it.
“I saw this eclipse spiritstone first! Give it to me!”
“No way! It belongs to me now that it’s in my hands. Let’s fight if you’re not content!”
“Fuck off! I’ll kill anyone who dares to snatch with me!”
A place with interests would always create war. After knowing the eclipse spiritstone’s value, everyone started to seize it. They were following the law of the jungle precisely.
The capable ones could get a few more pieces, while the weaker ones could only obtain some leftover scrapes.
If both parties were capable and unwilling to back down, they would engage in a fight and end up injured.
In just a few minutes, what was once a relatively peaceful situation had now escalated with significant injuries.
“People die to become wealthy, while birds die while fighting for food.” Grace shook her head while seeing the people fighting around her.
Just a few pieces of eclipse spiritstone could make these people fight for their lives. If they stumbled upon an even more precious item, Grace couldn’t imagine what the scene would look like.
“Hey, you! Hand over the eclipse spiritstone. Otherwise, there’ll be consequences!” At this moment, two men surrounded Grace from the front and back.
They fixed their gaze on the eclipse spiritstone she was holding.
“How dare you!” Upon seeing that, Grace’s several personal bodyguards drew their swords.
They were all high-level martial artists. Naturally, they could deal with these minions easily.
“Wait for a moment.” Grace raised her hands to stop her personal bodyguards. Then, she threw the eclipse spiritstone to them. “If you guys want it, you guys can have it.”
“What?” The two men exchanged glances in shock after getting the eclipse spiritstone. They didn’t expect Grace would hand over such a precious item so easily. Thus, they were taken aback.
“I’ve already given it to you. Why are you still standing there? Go away.” Grace was a bit annoyed.
“Let’s go.” The two men didn’t waste any time. After snatching the crystal, they turned around and left.
They would be targeted by other forces if they were to continue staying there.
“Ms. Linsor, it’s just two thieves. We can just kill them. Why are you letting them off?” the bodyguard asked in confusion.
“It’s not anything precious. Thus, I don’t mind giving it to them.” Grace was nonchalant.
Actually, there was something she didn’t say.
The eclipse spiritstone was a bit different from the one she got before.
Although it was filled with heavy spiritual energy, there was a hint of evil in it.
If a person absorbed it recklessly, they would probably become like Ryan.
They would lose their sanity and turn into a beast. Then, they would explode and die!
###Chapter 1946 by Marina Vittori
“Ms. Linsor, did those two steal your eclipse spiritstone? I’ll go and get it back for you right now!”
After noticing what had happened, Jackson was prepared to make a move. If it weren’t for Grace’s Draken Drope, Jackson wouldn’t have defeated Ryan. In fact, Jackson might even be killed by him.
“Jackson, there’s no need to go after him! I gave them the crystals myself. I don’t really need it,” Grace quickly called out and explained after seeing Jackson ready to chase after them.
Jackson was stunned. He stopped in his tracks, turned around, and asked in confusion, “What? Those are eclipse spiritstones.
“It’s extremely precious to us martial artists! It can increase your cultivation level. Even if you don’t need it, you can still sell it for an exorbitant price.”
“I don’t need money.” Grace smiled faintly.
“Well…” Jackson didn’t know what to say. Jackson had almost forgotten how rich Grace was. After all, she even had the Draken Rope.
Thus, it was normal for her not to pay a few pieces of eclipse spiritstones any heed. However, even if she didn’t need money, Jackson did!
If Grace didn’t want the eclipse spiritstone, she could have given it to Jackson. That way, the latter would have at least owed her a favor. It was wasteful for her to give it away like that.
“Dustin, I’m not looking down on the treasure. It’s just that the eclipse spiritstone was a bit off. Look closely at the crystal in your hand. Do you find something special with it?” Grace continued to explain.
Jackson picked up the eclipse spiritstone and examined it for a while.
However, he failed to find anything and asked, “Special? In what way? The spiritual energy inside is very rich and can be directly absorbed. There shouldn’t be any problem using it for cultivation.”
“Jackson, I don’t think you can live for more than three days if you use it to cultivate.” At that moment, Dustin slowly walked up.
Then, he pinched the eclipse spiritstone that was the size of a fingernail in his hand.
“Did you also notice?” Grace wasn’t surprised. Dustin was more capable than her, not to mention he was an expert in mystical arts. Thus, it was normal for him to find something was off.
“What riddle are you guys trying to say? Why would I not live more than three days?” Jackson looked around in confusion.
“Jackson, did you ever wonder where all the eclipse spiritstones came from?” Dustin asked instead of answering his question.
“It … It should be something that Ryan dropped, right?” Jackson couldn’t be sure. The eclipse spiritstone had appeared out of nowhere after Ryan exploded.
Nobody thought of where they came from as everyone was too busy snatching them.
“These eclipse spiritstones do indeed have something to do with Ryan. However, he doesn’t own them.
“The eclipse spiritstones were formed after his blood and flesh crystallized.” Dustin’s words were shocking.
“What? Do you mean that those eclipse spiritstones are Ryan’s blood and flesh? “Jackson was stunned. Dustin nodded and answered, “You can understand it that way. Take a look around you. Did Ryan leave behind any remains after exploding?”
Scanning his surroundings, Jackson failed to find Ryan’s remains.
Normally, there would still be leftover fragments of a person’s body if they self -exploded. However, Ryan had no remnants at all.
Perhaps the eclipse spritstone they had was really made from Ryan’s flesh and blood.
This was way too bizarre, though.
However, Jackson found it not that hard to accept after thinking about it.
###Chapter 1947 by Marina Vittori
Ryan had already mutated just now. Thus, it wasn’t hard to believe that the eclipse spiritstone was his flesh and blood.
“Even if the eclipse spiritstones were formed by Ryan’s blood and flesh, what’s the problem with it? Why did you say I cannot live more than three days?” Jackson asked again.
“The eclipse spiritstone has already been contaminated. You’ve seen Ryan’s condition just now. He suddenly became crazy, lost his sanity, and mutated.
“The eclipse spiritstones were formed by his blood and flesh when this happened. Do you think it’s safe?” Dustin explained seriously.
“Dustin, this is your mere speculation. I’m afraid you can’t convince others about something as serious as this. Do you have any evidence?” Jackson asked.
The members of the Embersteel Order had picked up eight sizable eclipse spiritstones. Thus, it could be said they would have a handsome profit.
If the eclipse spiritstones couldn’t be used, they would be facing huge losses. Thus, Jackson couldn’t accept such an explanation without concrete evidence.
“There’s a trace of dark energy in every eclipse spiritstone. It’s difficult to notice it from the outside. You can find it after I refine the spiritual energy from it.”
While saying that, he opened his palm and revealed the eclipse spiritstone in his hand. After that, he tapped the crystal softly with another hand.
A crisp sound echoed.
The eclipse spiritstone, the size of a fingernail, instantly burst open. And rich spiritual energy oozed out from the middle.
Dustin was well prepared. After slightly curling his fingers, a transparent energy barrier appeared and enveloped the surging spiritual energy. The spiritual energy was milky white and incredibly dense. It was swirling around constantly like mists.
If a marital artist were to absorb all of it, it would provide a lot of benefits to their cultivation.
“Look closely at it. What is hidden inside this cluster of spiritual energy?” Dustin reminded. When Jackson and others took a look, they widened their eyes.
They were shocked to discover that there was a wisp of black gas hidden inside the white spiritual energy.
The thread of black gas was deeply hidden, surrounded by the milk-white spiritual energy. Thus, it was difficult to notice if they didn’t look closely.
Fortunately, Dustin had channeled out all of the spiritual energy.
If the thread of black gas had been concealed in the eclipse spiritstone, nobody would have been able to notice as it blended right into its color.
“What is this black mist?” Jackson tried asking.
“This is the dark energy that caused Ryan to go berserk,” Dustin explained.
“It looks normal. Can such a tiny bit of dark energy be so powerful?” Jackson stepped forward and tried to look more carefully at it.
“Don’t underestimate it. This is what it’s like when it’s calm. It’ll become different when it’s provoked.”
While he spoke, he clenched his fingers and caused the energy barrier to compress and deform.
Soon after, the black gas became restless as if it had been threatened.
It darted around and constantly attacked Dustin’s energy barrier, trying to escape.
After several unsuccessful attempts, the black gas suddenly inflated and rapidly devoured the white spiritual energy around it.
It was like a tiger stumbling on a flock of sheep.
In just a few seconds, all of the milky white spiritual energy was completely engulfed and assimilated.
In the end, what appeared before everyone was not the dense white spiritual energy. Instead, it was the black dark energy that carried an aura of death and destruction!
###Chapter 1948 by Marina Vittori
“How … How could this happen?” Seeing the black mist in Dustin’s hands, everyone was stunned.
The eclipse spiritstone was fine just moments ago. Yet, its spiritual energy had been devoured in just a second!
Everyone was stunned that a dark energy that was thinner than a hair could be so powerful.
“I didn’t expect this thing to be so terrifying. How eye-opening!” Jackson gulped, feeling a bit scared.
Thankfully, Dustin had warned them in time. Otherwise, there would be trouble if he absorbed the spiritual energy along with the dark energy in the eclipse spiritstone.
Once the dark energy exploded, Jackson would probably have the same fate as Ryan.
“It’s just as I thought. This thing is quite ferocious.”
As Dustin exerted more and more force, the dark energy surrounded by the energy barrier became ferocious.
It surged and thrashed wildly, relentlessly slamming into the energy barrier to try and break free.
They could faintly hear roars that resembled a beast’s growls.
It was obvious that the dark energy had its own life.
“What a pity that a precious crystal like this got tainted by dark energy. What a waste!” Jackson sighed and threw the eclipse spiritstone to the floor.
Then, he crushed them with his foot to prevent the dark energy from harming anyone else.
“There must be a catch when something goes wrong. Ryan’s fate should be linked to the oasis. We need to be careful later on.” While saying that, Dustin suddenly clenched his hand.
The dark energy in his hand instantly exploded and disappeared. After Dustin got rid of the eclipse spiritstone in his hand, everyone turned to look at Aidan.
Aidan was the first to seize the eclipse spiritstone just now. He has accumulated almost 40 of them, each the size of an egg and good quality.
The value of all of them combined was shocking.
“Why are you guys looking at me?”
Aidan furrowed his eyebrows.
“Mr. Ridge, the eclipse spiritstone has dark energy hidden inside it. We can’t use it. You should just destroy it,” Jackson urged.
“You want me to get rid of it? Are you crazy? Do you know how much they are worth?” Aidan was displeased.
Aidan had worked hard to obtain the precious crystals, even disregarding his image and pride. Thus, there was no way he could get rid of them.
“Mr. Ridge, we’re doing it for your own good. If you use the eclipse spiritstone, you might become like Ryan. You’ll go berserk, self-explode, and die!” Jackson advised.
“That’s right. Although eclipse spiritstone has a lot of benefits, your life is more important. You shouldn’t risk your life for this,” a few Emberson Steel’s disciples urged.
Now that everyone was on the same boat, they hoped Aidan would be safe and sound. After all, they counted on Aidan to protect them.
Seeing Aidan remaining silent, Jackson asked curiously, “Mr. Ridge, are you planning to sell the eclipse spiritstone to others?
“You’re someone highly respected by others. I don’t think you’ll do something to harm others, right?”
“N-No way! I’m not such a person!” Aidan immediately denied. Although he declared it so loudly, he felt a bit guilty. He did indeed think of selling it to others if he couldn’t use it.
Since most people couldn’t tell what was wrong with it, Aidan could earn buckets by ordering someone to sell it below market price.
As for the dangers the buyers would encounter, Aidan would have nothing to do with it. Of course, he couldn’t let others know about such shady dealings.
“You’re such a righteous and upright person. I doubt you’ll do something as selfish as that. Based on your personality, I believe that you’ll definitely get rid of such an evil item!” Jackson buttered him up.
With such lofty praise, Jackson placed Aidan in a difficult position.
“Mr. Ridge, this eclipse spritstone is nothing much. I believe we can find way better items in the oasis. Although you’ll lose the crystal, more things are waiting for us.” Grace tried to smooth things over.
Naturally, she could tell Aidan was unwilling to get rid of the crystal. Thus, she could only persuade him by using something even better.
Otherwise, a lot of people would be harmed if the eclipse spiritstone were sold in the market.
“Alright. It’s just a few eclipse spiritstones and nothing much. I can just get rid of it. It’s not like I’ve never seen things better than this.” Aidan finally relented after being praised and urged.
Aidan got rid of all the eclipse spiritstones that he collected.
“How righteous! I respect you, Mr. Ridge.” Jackson immediately clasped his hands together to show his admiration.
“Okay. Stop buttering me up. The eclipse spiritstones we have were only a small portion of what was picked up. There are still hundreds of them being divided among several forces outside.
“However, it’s quite impossible to ask them to destroy their eclipse spiritstones,” Aidan said in a deep voice.
“I’ll notify all the forces about how dangerous it is. We should try our best to save as many people as possible,” Jackson replied.
“Do you think that will work?” Aidan snorted. Greed was a part of human nature. There was no way one would easily destroy a hard-earned treasure just based on a stranger’s words.
If Aidan didn’t see it for himself, he wouldn’t believe there was dark energy in the eclipse spiritstone either.
“I can only do what I can and leave the rest for them to decide. That way, I can at least live without remorse.” Jackson sighed.
Naturally, Jackson knew that it wouldn’t be easy to convince them. However, he can’t bear to sit back and do nothing.
“Jackson spread the news that I’m willing to purchase eclipse spritstones for a high price. Anyone who has it can sell it to me. It’ll be more believable this way,” Grace suddenly said.
Jackson was stunned. Then, he asked in shock, “Ms. Linsor, you’re not kidding, right? It’ll be a lot of money to buy all the eclipse spiritstones. Are you sure you want to buy all of them?”
“I lack everything but money. Plus, I’m just doing good deeds by saving people. “Grace smiled faintly.
“Ms. Linsor, you’re such a righteous person. I respect you.” Jackson clasped his hands with a serious expression.
At this moment, he deeply respected the woman before him.
Grace was willing to fork out a large amount of money for several strangers. Jackson truly admired such a noble action, feeling that he fell short in comparison.
###Chapter 1949 by Marina Vittori
After an hour, Jackson walked into the hotel room carrying a whole sack of eclipse spiritstones and poured all of it on the table.
“Ms. Linsor, these are all the eclipse spiritstones that I managed to collect. This is around 70% of all the eclipse spiritstones out there.
“Those who have the remaining ones are either uncontactable or they refused to sell.” Jackson gave her a simple explanation of what happened.
Initially, he didn’t want to spend any of Grace’s money. Hence, he tried to explain the gravity of the issue to those who had the eclipse spiritstones.
Unfortunately, no one believed him. It was useless even when he tried to use the Embersteel Order’s reputation to convince them.
Most of the people he approached thought that he was a liar. They thought that he was jealous of them for having the eclipse spiritstones in their possession.
As such, he was trying to steal the eclipse spiritstone from them by lying.
In desperation, he could only follow Grace’s idea of purchasing the eclipse spiritstones at a high price.
Most people became less suspicious when they heard that he was willing to pay them for the eclipse spiritstones.
However, there were a skeptical few who still refused to sell the eclipse spiritstones to him. They remained steadfast even though he tried his best to convince them.
In the end, he could only give up as he had run out of ideas. He had done his very best. It was unfortunate that they didn’t believe him.
“Thank you for your hard work, Jackson. We have done all we could. We’ll let fate deal with the rest.” Grace wasn’t surprised to hear that.
She had never thought of saving everyone. She did it out of her love for the country and the people. As such, she had done all she could.
“I was just the messenger. It’s not a big deal. It’s just that I think you have spent too much money on this.” Jackson appeared a little guilty.
He thought he could convince others with his fame. However, he had thought wrong. The people didn’t care for him and were only persuaded when money was mentioned.
“It’s just money. It’s not a big deal. We’ll try to save as many people as we can.” Grace was quite nonchalant about it.
“Ms. Linsor, there’s one more thing,” Jackson seemed to have remembered something as he suddenly said.
“When I was out purchasing the eclipse spiritstones, I heard something interesting. There were rumors that Ryan brought these eclipse spiritstones as treasures from the oasis.
“To gain more benefit, many powerful people have come to Dusthaven Village, and they are already rushing to Deadlands. They’re ready for a treasure hunt in the oasis.”
“Is that so? I had no idea that they’d be moving so fast.” Grace frowned a little and was surprised to hear that.
She had assumed that they could spend more time observing and assessing the situation before embarking on their treasure hunt journey in Deadlands.
Nevertheless, the appearance of the eclipse spiritstones ignited their desires and galvanized everyone into action.
After all, arriving earlier at the oasis meant that they would have a better chance to gain more treasure. The risk involved could be disregarded as the benefit to gain was greater.
“Ms. Linsor, when are you going to Deadlands?” Jackson asked inquisitively. He had unknowingly regarded Grace as the backbone.
“As soon as possible, naturally.” As she spoke, Grace turned her gaze toward the door where Osley stood and asked, ” Mr. Will, are the camels and the rest ready?”
“We’ve already made the final payment to the village chief. The camels are ready,” Osley replied with his head lowered.
“Good. Send my word. Ask everyone to hurry up and get ready. We’ll rest for another couple of hours at the hotel. We leave at midnight.” Grace gave her order.
“Right away!” Osley answered and left quickly.
After two hours, a very long procession of heavily saddled camels was headed toward Deadlands. Daytime and nighttime in Deadlands were polar opposites.
###Chapter 1950 by Marina Vittori
At night, Deadlands was very cold, with a bitingly cold wind that stung the face. In the morning, it would become extremely hot, like a fire pit. If a person cracked an egg on a rock, it’d be cooked in a minute.
The average person wouldn’t be able to endure the extreme weather in Deadlands. They’d only be barely surviving, even with enough resources. The real test was on one’s determination and the ability to endure stress.
Dustin, Grace, and the rest of the team moved steadily forward, following Ryan’s map. They walked from night till morning and vice versa.
Due to their group size, the team wasn’t going very fast. The good thing was that Grace had prepared everything well in advance, and the team consisted of only the elites in their own trade. They were able to resolve any trouble that they ran into quickly.
As night descended, Grace instructed the team to set up camp when she found a suitable spot.
They had been traveling for quite a long time, and everyone was physically and mentally exhausted. They needed a good rest tonight to re-energize.
When the tents were all set up, Grace ordered the chefs to prepare dinner.
The kitchen crew, headed by two great chefs and a dozen kitchen helpers, quickly got busy preparing dinner. The team of around a hundred people waited eagerly for dinner to be ready.
The two days in Deadlands had been tough. However, it was amazing to be able to enjoy a delicious meal and have some wine when they were tired.
In one of the big tents, Dustin, Grace, Garett, and a few others sat around the table after dinner to discuss their next steps. Due to the cold, they even had a bonfire in the tent.
“Ms. Linsor, it’s been smooth sailing for us till now.
“If we keep this pace, we should reach the border of the oasis around tomorrow afternoon.
“However, please be reminded that sandstorms are frequent at the border. Therefore, we still have to be very careful.” Garett pointed to the map on the table with his finger and gave everyone a simple explanation.
“Alright, thanks for the information, Captain Wilder. Please rest well.” Grace nodded in reply.
“Good night, Ms. Linsor.” Garett nodded slightly and glanced at Dustin, who remained in the tent. Although he was quite upset about it, he could only leave.
“Dustin, you sleep here tonight. I have already prepared the mattress on the floor for you,” Grace said suddenly as she drank some water.
“What?” Dustin was stunned. “I don’t think it’s right for a man and a woman to be alone in the same tent.”
“What’s wrong? I won’t eat you.” Grace rolled her eyes. “Besides, you’re my bodyguard. It’s your job to protect me at all times. I am just a weak woman. What if something terrible happens at night?”
“Weak?” Dustin’s mouth twitched, and he was speechless for a moment.
Grace may appear weak, but she was actually a grandmaster and well- versed in all kinds of mystical arts. Excluding te normal martial artists, not even Aidan Ridge, the Sandscale, could fight her.
“Hey, stop overthinking. Let’s get some rest. We have to wake up early tomorrow.”
Before Dustin could reply, Grace took off her jacket and revealed her graceful figure momentarily before she quickly snuck into the sleeping bag and closed her eyes.
Dustin was dumbfounded. He could only yield in for the night.
###Chapter 1951 by Marina Vittori
Dustin was awakened by footsteps outside the tent at the break of dawn. He quickly turned around to get up and was watchful.
Soon, he heard Osley speaking. “Ms. Linsor, something bad happened!” Instead of barging into the tent, Osley stood outside to report the incident to Grace.
“W-What?” Grace slowly opened her eyes when she heard the commotion. She slipped out of the sleeping bag and slipped into her jacket.
She then asked, “What happened, Mr. Will?”
“When I was doing my routine check, I saw a lot of desert rats around our camp. I followed their trail and realized that the rats had destroyed our supplies!” Osley replied anxiously.
“What?” Grace’s expression instantly became serious when she heard that.
She quickly walked out of her tent and questioned in a serious tone, “Didn’t I arrange for someone to stand guard through the night? How did the desert rats get to our supplies?”
“I have no idea as well. It was already too late when I discovered the problem. “Osley appeared disheartened.
“Let’s go have a look!” Grace didn’t say much as she immediately walked toward where the supplies were stored.
To play it safe this time, she had prepared all the supplies needed for survival and hired a caravan of camels to transport the supplies.
Before the night set in, she even ensured that people were standing guard. She had no idea that she would wake up to a problem with the supplies.
When Grace and a few others got to the supply storage tent, she saw thousands of desert rats running around. Food, water, and other resources were all over the ground.
A few from the security team were busy chasing away the desert rats. Nevertheless, these rats were still going after the food supplies without fear.
Grace frowned slightly when she saw the situation. Desert rats were normally timid and careful. It was very rare to see them invading the human food supplies.
The most important factor was, in addition to the sheer number of desert rats, their frenzied and continuous invasion despite attempts to chase them away.
The desert rats had destroyed more than half of the supplies she brought for the journey. If Osley hadn’t discovered this problem, the desert rats would have emptied their supplies by daybreak.
“These darn animals! How dare they invade our supplies! Kill all of them!” Osley yelled angrily. When they heard the order, the security team quickly took out their weapons and started killing the desert rats.
Amidst the sounds of guns firing and knives hacking, one after another, the desert rats fell into the pool of blood.
The desert rats that overran the food supplies were scared and started breaking up and running away. They were all gone in a short while.
All that remained were the carcasses of hundreds of desert rats. This loss was almost nothing for the desert rat colony.
The gunshots woke everyone in the camp, and they were disgusted to see the aftermath on the ground.
They had been through many troubles, such as sandstorms, quicksand, and venomous snakes and scorpions, since the beginning of their journey.
Nevertheless, they had always resolved the issues without suffering any loss.
However, a desert rat invasion had robbed them of more than half of their food supplies.
###Chapter 1952 by Marina Vittori
This was, without a doubt, very bad news.
“”Ms. Linsor! What happened? Where did the desert rats come from?” Garret asked as he walked toward her.
“Captain Wilder, shouldn’t I be the one asking that question?”
Grace said indifferently, “You’ve been to Deadlands many times and are very familiar with this place. You even chose this place for us to set up camp.
“Don’t you know that there would be desert rats around this area?”
“Ms. Linsor, I had no idea this would happen.”
Garett quickly explained, “Normally, desert rats will only appear at the border of the oasis, and even then, they are only active in a specific area.
“The place that we chose to set up camp is not in that area. The invasion shouldn’t have happened.”
“Ms. Linsor, accidents are inevitable. Once we’re in Deadlands, you should have prepared yourself for all scenarios. Our captain has done his best. No one knew that there’d be desert rats here.
“If you want to blame anyone, you should blame your subordinates for not guarding the food supplies well.” The short-haired girl from the Black Scorpion Squad spoke up.
“That’s right!” The bald guy agreed and continued, “Your subordinates were responsible for looking after the food supplies. Don’t blame us when there’s an accident!”
“Mr. Will, who was responsible for guarding the food supplies? Get all of them here,” Grace said coldly.
“Right away!” Osley answered and left quickly.
After a few moments, he came back with a few others from the team and reported, “Ms. Linsor, these are the five who were on night guard duty.”
“What happened? Why didn’t you realize the problem in time?” Grace sounded very calm but cold.
This expedition was of utmost importance as the fate of Dragonmarsh depended on it. She wouldn’t tolerate any apathy from her subordinates.
“Ms. Linsor, we fell asleep.” The leader of the night guard said with a guilty expression.
“Fell asleep? All five of you?” Grace raised her eyebrows.
“Yes.” The leader lowered his head as he explained, “I have no idea what happened. As soon as night descended, we felt very tired and dozed off in a daze.
“The desert rat invasion was our fault, and we’re ready for punishment!”
As he spoke, all five of them got on their knees in unison and readied themselves for any punishment.
As army men, their mistakes had caused irreparable damage, and the only way to atone for their mistakes was to offer their lives in penance.
“There’s something fishy about this incident, and all of you are not entirely responsible for it.” Grace frowned slightly with a thoughtful expression.
She had selected only trained elites for this expedition. They were able to go without sleep for three days and three nights straight.
If one of them dozed off, she could probably chalk it up as laxness. However, it was difficult to justify the situation with laziness if five of them fell asleep at the same time.
The most important factor was that the desert rat invasion started as soon as five of them fell asleep. The timeline of events was too much of a coincidence.
It was so coincidental that she suspected foul play.
“Mr. Will, gather a few people with you and conduct a rigorous search in the vicinity of the incident.
“Please check for any signs of irregularity. Remember not to disregard any clues!” Grace immediately ordered.
“Right away!” Osley responded quickly and immediately instructed a few others to conduct the search. He suspected that this was no simple accident from Grace’s tone.
“Ms. Linsor, we found something!” After a while, Osley came jogging back with a pile of black stuff in the palm of his hands.
###Chapter 1953 by Marina Vittori
“Ms. Linsor, this is what we found around the camp. It has a strange smell, and it must have attracted the desert rats.” Osley held a pile of black stuff in his hands and walked over to Grace and others.
The pile of black stuff was the size of green peas. It appeared to be some sort of bait and had an awful stench.
“What’s this?” Grace was a little curious. She moved forward and gave the foul-smelling substance a sniff.
“It looks like a mixture of food and chemical substances. I experimented with it just now. The stench of this mixture can quickly attract desert rats, “Osley explained.
“Hence, the desert rat invasion of our food supplies wasn’t an accident. Is someone plotting against us?” Grace’s suspicions were quickly confirmed. It was obvious that this bait for the desert rats was not produced naturally.
“That’s very possible.” Osley nodded and replied, “This black substance was sprinkled around the camp of our food supplies. It was an obvious attempt to lure the desert rats here.
“Besides, all of our night guards dozed off almost around the same time. It’s very likely that they were drugged. Judging from all available evidence, I think there’s a rat among us!”
“They followed us all this way and decided to destroy our supplies when we took a break.
“In doing so, they know very well that we’ll be left without a backup plan. The mastermind is really cruel!” Grace’s gaze was chilly as she narrowed her eyes.
She was sure that she made no enemies, but it was also true that someone was out there to thwart her plans. First, it was the poisoning at the hotel. Now, it was the desert rat invasion. They were really out for blood!
It didn’t matter if she was a generous person. No one would tolerate this constant pestering.
“Damn it! If I find out the person behind this, I’d skin them alive!” Garett shouted angrily.
“The martial world is a dangerous place, and people are cruel. The trail that we followed is quite hidden, and how would an outsider find out?” Dustin’s question struck a chord.
They left around midnight, and there was a sandstorm on their way here. It’d be very hard to track them down, given that the sandstorm blew away any telltale signs of their existence. The possibility of having an inside rat was high, given the situation.
“Are you saying we have a mole?” Grace frowned and quickly understood what he meant.
“I’m not sure, but it’s highly likely. There isn’t any other plausible explanation.” Dustin nodded.
“Dustin, are you suspecting us?”
Jackson quickly explained himself to prove his innocence.
“The members of the Embersteel Order are all honorable people, and we’ll never do such a despicable deed. If you don’t believe us, you can search our tent!”
“Jackson, calm down. Of course, I believe you!” Dustin smiled lightly.
“Hmph! If it were up to me, I’d never do anything as lame as this.
“If I wanted revenge, I would have just crushed my enemies with a fight. I have no need for cowardly acts like this.” Aidan crossed his arms in front of him and huffed.
With his status as a grandmaster, who could stop him if he really wanted to commit a crime?
“Mr. Ridge is a respectable figure, and you’ll naturally not commit such a crime.” Dustin seized the opportunity to flatter him.
“Dustin Rhys, this is just your suspicion. If you don’t have concrete evidence, I suggest that you keep your suspicions to yourself. Don’t even try to pick a fight,” Garett said unhappily.
“That’s right! We should be more united than ever now that this happened. We shouldn’t be suspicious of one another.
“We’d have fallen into the enemy’s trap if we got into a dispute.” The short -haired girl agreed.
“I was just guessing. We can’t harbor ill thoughts toward others, but at the same time, we must remain vigilant,” Dustin said casually.
Using the desert rats to destroy their food supplies was a very clever move as it would leave no evidence behind. This was a safe and skillful plan. The mastermind must be very smart.
“Everyone! Now is not the time to play the blame game. Can we please think of ways to overcome this situation?” Osley decided to divert the topic.
“Mr. Will, how much supply do we have left?” Grace suddenly asked.
“I just asked someone to take inventory. We can only survive for around three days with what we have left.” Osley sighed lightly.
They initially had enough supplies to survive in the desert for a month. They didn’t have much left after the desert rat invasion.
“Three days?” Grace frowned slightly.” That’s too little for us even to continue our journey. Not to mention going back.
They were only reaching the oasis tomorrow, and she had no idea how long they would stay there. The supplies they had were obviously insufficient.
“Ms. Linsor, what should we do now?” Osley asked inquisitively.
“Get two teams with you and return the way we came to replenish our supplies. When you have purchased enough, meet us at the oasis. I will leave marks along the way.” Grace quickly decided.
Time was now of the essence. Everyone was searching for the oasis. If they went back as a whole team to restock their supplies, they wouldn’t make it in time. They could go only separate ways now.
As long as Osley worked quickly enough to replenish their supplies and could meet them at the oasis in time, they would not have to worry about the possible scenarios that might happen due to the scarcity, thereby avoiding some uncontrollable variables.
“Ms. Linsor, if I’m taking away two teams, who would take care of your safety?” Osley hesitated.
“It’s alright. With Mr. Rhys here, no one could hurt me. Please do as I said as soon as possible.” Grace said calmly.
“Right away!” Osley glanced at Dustin and eventually nodded.
Others might not know Dustin’s identity, but he knew very well who Dustin was. With such a skillful grandmaster beside Grace, he needn’t worry about her safety.
In the end, under Grace’s command, Osley started his journey back along with two smaller teams and a few dozen camels.
“Everyone, it’s not safe to stay here. Please pack up, and we’ll be on our way. “Grace didn’t ruminate over the loss of food supplies. Instead, she chose to press forward.
The sky had become a little brighter, and the weather was just perfect for them to continue their journey. If they delayed any longer, the sun would be out, and it’d be too hot for them to move.
The team walked and stopped in between. They spent almost the whole day walking in the desert.
They finally arrived at the oasis near evening. All of them were stunned beyond words when they finally saw the oasis with their own eyes.
There was only one word in their mind. Spectacular!
###Chapter 1954 by Marina Vittori
The group traveled through a desolate expanse of endless sand, a monotonous scene void of life.
However, a surprising change awaited them as the barren landscape transformed into a vibrant oasis filled with flowers, plants, and trees.
It was a stark contrast to the lifeless terrain they had just crossed. Up ahead, an expansive and endless forest emerged, an unusual sight in the expectedly barren Deadlands.
The sudden appearance of this flourishing oasis left them in awe.
The oasis ahead looked like two different worlds. On one side, yellow sand stretched out, barren and desolate. On the other side, lush greenery extended as far as the eye could see.
“Wow! Who’d have thought we’d find this in the middle of Deadlands?”
“Is this really an oasis? It looks more like a forest!”
“With all these green trees, sweet- smelling grass, and blooming flowers, it’s like stumbling upon a hidden paradise!”
Amid their amazement at this unexpected sight, the group couldn’t contain their astonishment. The earlier oasis they had come across was a grove with a pond and diverse flora and fauna.
Yet, the oasis standing before them now resembled a forest, presenting an extraordinary spectacle with its expansive and flourishing landscape.
“Captain, remember when we ventured into the Deadlands last year? There was no trace of this oasis, right?
“It’s mind-boggling how much has transformed in just a year!” the short- haired girl from the Black Scorpion Squad commented.
Looking at the flourishing vegetation, she found it hard to believe that these tall plants had sprung up so quickly in the unforgiving desert.
“Maybe it’s the earth’s crust shifting, causing underground rivers to overflow and shape this landscape,” Garrett replied. However, his explanation sounded doubtful.
In the tough conditions of the Deadlands, where harsh weather dominated, it was unlikely that abundant vegetation could thrive, even with enough rain and sunlight.
Yet, to their surprise, a forest appeared in the midst of this arid landscape, seemingly defying nature’s laws.
“Wow, what a hidden gem!” Jackson exclaimed with enthusiasm. “There must be so many treasures inside!”
Initially skeptical of Ryan’s earlier statements, Jackson was now fully convinced.
“Sure, there might be treasures, but there are probably many dangers, too,” Grace warned. “Just be cautious when entering.”
“With our numbers and skilled experts, even if we come across danger, I’m confident we can overcome it,” Jackson said optimistically.
With Aidan at the forefront, Jackson felt completely secure.
They could strategically steer clear of conflicts and patiently wait for reinforcements from the Embersteel Order, as he had already notified them.
“Since it’s still early, why don’t we head inside and explore?” Aidan suggested eagerly, taking the lead into the forest.
“Sure,” Grace responded concisely, leading the team as they trailed behind Aidan.
A large group of almost a hundred people entered the lush oasis. As they stepped in, the intense heat vanished, replaced by a refreshing coolness.
The gentle breeze brought a distinct floral fragrance, creating a serene atmosphere. This was a stark contrast to the tough conditions they had faced in the desert over the past few days.
###Chapter 1955 by Marina Vittori
Upon entering the lush oasis, it felt like stepping into paradise, eliciting smiles on nearly everyone’s faces as they ventured further.
Grace led the way, with Dustin closely following, keeping a watchful eye on their surroundings. Despite the seemingly serene environment, hidden dangers lurked beneath the surface and within the trees, taking the form of poisonous creatures.
Though currently unseen in the daylight, as night fell, it would be their opportune moment to emerge and hunt.
“Hey, look over there! What’s that?”
The excitement in the voice of a Black Scorpion Squad member rang out, drawing everyone’s attention as he pointed ahead.
As they turned to look, they discovered three fruit trees nestled amidst dense vegetation. The tree branches were laden with vibrant red fruits that glistened like rubies in the sunlight.
“Are these revitalberries?” someone asked.
“Revitalberries? The ones that boost cultivation and extend life?”
“Wow! Look at all these revitalberries! We’ve hit the jackpot!”
The group couldn’t help but feel a surge of excitement at the sight of those vibrant red fruits. Martial artists highly valued Revitalberries, considering them akin to rare treasures.
These berries contained spiritual energy comparable to eclipse spiritstones, enhancing physical strength and prolonging one’s lifespan.
In the martial world, these berries were considered priceless treasures and fetched high prices whenever they were available.
The sight of even one revitalberry was enough to be deemed precious, but seeing hundreds or thousands was truly exhilarating.
“Quick, pick those revitalberries!”
Garrett urged his team, prompting them to climb the trees. Their expedition’s main ive was to amass wealth, and harvesting these revitalberries was crucial to securing a lifetime fortune.
“If I were you, I’d be more cautious,” Dustin advised.
“What’s that supposed to mean? Are you trying to keep them all to yourself? “Garrett’s gaze hardened.
He perceived any interference with his pursuit of wealth as a serious transgression. Consequently, if Dustin intervened to obstruct their progress in harvesting the revitalberries, a clash was bound to occur.
“I’m just saying we should be cautious, “Dustin said calmly. He added, “This oasis probably attracts a lot of wildlife. If those fruits were really safe to eat, would they still be untouched?”
“Oh, quit trying to spook us. I’m pretty sure you just want them all to yourself! “Garrett scowled.
“Believe what you want.” Dustin decided not to push the argument any further.
“Let’s grab those fruits!” Garrett ordered. Seven or eight members of the Black Scorpion Squad quickly ditched their bulky equipment. They effortlessly climbed the fruit trees with impressive agility.
“We’ve hit the jackpot! This is our lucky break!”
The Black Scorpion Squad members were buzzing with excitement, eagerly harvesting revitalberries with one hand and clutching bags with the other.
The disciple from the Embersteel Order anxiously urged, “Jackson, if we don’t act soon, they’ll harvest every last revitalberry from these trees.”
“Go ahead.” Jackson hesitated briefly before giving the decisive command.
But as the disciples of the Embersteel Order prepared to pluck the fruits, an unforeseen incident happened.
###Chapter 1956 by Marina Vittori
A Black Scorpion Squad member was perched on the tree. He plucked the first revitalberry and reached for the second.
Suddenly, his arm spasmed involuntarily in response to the sharp sting. Upon closer inspection, he noticed a red bug on his palm, roughly the size of an ant.
The red bug tore through his skin with razor-sharp mandibles and burrowed into his flesh. Panic surged as he tried to swat it away, but his efforts proved futile.
In a matter of moments, the red bug had embedded itself deep into his arm, gnawing at his flesh while laying eggs.
The intense pain forced the Black Scorpion Squad member to scream, and he fell from the tree. His arm rapidly decayed, swarming with countless red bugs, creating a nightmarish scene.
“Help! Somebody, please help!” The Black Scorpion Squad member cried out in distress, writhing on the ground.
His body seemed to wither before their eyes as if he were turning into a desiccated corpse.
In a heartbeat, the once-muscular man transformed into a skeletal figure with wrinkles etched across his shrunken form.
“What the heck?”
The crowd, witnessing this horrifying spectacle, gasped collectively.
What seemed like a healthy person just moments ago was now teetering on the brink of death, his dried-up appearance implying that his blood had been sucked dry.
“Look at his hand!”
An observant onlooker pointed out the Black Scorpion Squad member’s arm, which was now entirely rotten, with visible bones and a surge of red bugs crawling between flesh and bone. The bugs were reproducing at an alarming rate, continuously hatching new ones.
The red bugs laid eggs in batches, ranging from dozens to hundreds. As they fed more on flesh and blood, their reproduction accelerated.
Soon, almost half of the Black Scorpion Squad member’s body was overtaken by the red bugs, creating a horrifying spectacle.
“Save me Save me…” The screams of the Black Scorpion Squad member gradually faded into feeble moans.
His attempt to seek assistance faltered as his remaining hand, raised in desperation, was gnawed by the relentless red bugs. In a matter of minutes, the once-living man turned into a lifeless skeleton.
“What … What on earth are those bugs? Where did they come from?”
“Oh my goodness! Did that person just get devoured like that?”
The crowd, shocked by the horrific scene, trembled in fear. With no understanding of the unfolding events, they just witnessed a Black Scorpion Squad member suddenly fall from the tree, devoured by a swarm of red bugs.
Amidst the confusion, another squad member suffered a similar fate, falling from the tree. This grim sequence continued, with more members experiencing the same unfortunate outcome.
Soon, all the squad members who had climbed the tree to harvest revitalberries fell to the ground, writhing in pain.
“Ah! My hand! My hand!”
“Bugs! There are bugs inside my body!”
“Captain! Save me!”
The squad members cried and pleaded, writhing on the ground in agony. After all, the pain of being devoured by countless bugs was unbearable for ordinary individuals.
Garrett’s face changed, and he urgently directed his two trusted aides to assist.
“Quick! Cut off their arms!”
Due to the swift reproduction of the bugs, he realized that those infected would turn into skeletons within minutes. With no time to devise a better plan, he had to act quickly to save his squad members.
So, he and his two aides armed with knives rushed forward to sever the infected arms, preventing the bugs from spreading further.
The contaminated arms were promptly devoured by the red bugs, leaving only bones behind. As they observed the horde of red bugs, Garrett and his aides couldn’t shake off the chill running down their spines.
A delay of just a few seconds would have resulted in the entire squad meeting the same grim fate.
“Medics! Bandage those wounds and stop their bleeding!” Grace quickly took charge, directing her team to care for the injured.
Despite limited resources, they were fortunate to have ample medical supplies.
“Captain! What’s going on here? Where did these strange poisonous bugs come from?” the bald, burly man exclaimed, clearly taken aback.
“It’s the revitalberries!” she asserted firmly. “Anyone who touches it ends up getting infected. I suspect these strange berries to be the root cause.”
“Revitalberries?”
Garrett frowned and walked over to a fallen member. He peered into the bag with the revitalberries.
His complexion paled immediately upon discovering that the once- translucent berries had ruptured open. Inside, red bug larvae squirmed within the now murky flesh, turning it into their breeding ground.
“Hurry! Get rid of those revitalberries! There are bugs in them! Don’t use your hands!”
Garrett swiftly beckoned his two loyal aides, instructing them to use the sword handles to toss the bags away. Unexpectedly, the seemingly valuable revitalberries harbored a swarm of flesh -eating bugs.
This discovery prompted a collective hesitation, particularly among the Embersteel Order disciples, who wore expressions of relief, having narrowly escaped death.
Fortunately, their cautious approach prevented them from suffering a fate like that of the Black Scorpion Squad members-severed limbs or even death.
The bleeding from the severed limbs of Black Scorpion Squad members finally ceased after bandaging.
Yet, a significant setback loomed as they grappled with the loss of their dominant hands. The pursuit of treasure now took a back seat to the pressing challenge of survival.
The bleeding from the severed limbs of the Black Scorpion Squad members finally stopped after bandaging.
Despite this relief, they encountered a significant setback-the loss of their dominant hands. The pursuit of treasure, once their primary goal, now took a backseat to the formidable challenge of survival.
As Garrett witnessed his comrades suffering and perishing, a dark expression of remorse clouded his face. However, he realized that regret was a futile sentiment at that point.
###Chapter 1957 by Marina Vittori
After tending to the wounds of the injured members of the Black Scorpion Squad, their combat abilities and mobility were severely impacted due to the loss of their arm.
Even simple self-defense became a challenge.
Grace surveyed the wounded squad members before turning her gaze to Garrett. “Captain Wilder, should I arrange the return of our injured team members?”
Since they had just entered the oasis, she could still assist the wounded in returning. Yet, if they opted to press forward, there would be no turning back.
“Captain, we’re fine! Just lost an arm, no big deal!”
“Yeah, we’ve faced worse. This injury means nothing to us.”
“Captain, trust us. We can pull off the mission without a hitch!”
Facing the prospect of returning, the injured members of the Black Scorpion Squad reassured Garrett promptly.
They understood that going back meant giving up the treasures the others would obtain in the oasis.
Although the mission promised a good reward, dividing it among the team didn’t give them enough money for retirement. This was especially tough for those missing a limb.
So, to ensure a stable future in their later years, they had to collect more treasures. With this goal in mind, they were determined not to be dismissed.
Garrett affirmed, “Ms. Linsor, my team consists of experienced individuals who fully understand the risks involved, including the possibility of losing their lives.
“They’ve dealt with tough situations before, and these minor injuries won’t slow them down. I promise that they won’t be a liability.”
He fully grasped the sentiments of his injured comrades. Although the oasis was dangerous, it held a trove of treasures.
The saying “fortune favors the bold” resonated with them. With a rare chance for wealth, they couldn’t afford to miss it.
After years of living on the edge, the thought of retirement had crossed the minds of his squad members.
If they succeeded in the mission, they would retire comfortably with sufficient funds. At that critical juncture, no one was prepared to give up after having come so far.
“Okay, they’re your squad members, so it’s your call. If there’s nothing else, let’s keep moving.” Grace kept her words brief and directed the group to continue their journey.
She respected his choices and refrained from interfering. Before leaving, she instructed her subordinates to gather materials and post a sign cautioning future explorers about the dangers of touching the revitalberries.
With her contribution complete, it was now in the hands of future explorers to decide whether to heed her caution.
After the earlier incident, the group resumed their journey with heightened caution. No one dared to touch anything along the way.
After walking for miles, the sky darkened, bringing a bone-chilling cold and a cutting wind that made people shiver.
Grace ordered a camp to be set up immediately to ensure safety, complete with defensive structures to ward off wild animals.
With a large team, they quickly cleared the surroundings and set up animal traps.
At the outer perimeter, a trench was dug to hold kerosene as a defensive measure. If necessary, they could quickly ignite the kerosene to repel wild beasts.
Despite being elite warriors unafraid of ordinary beasts, the mysterious nature of the oasis demanded extra caution.
After setting up the camp, most sought refuge in their tents for warmth. Only two patrol teams stayed, circling the campsite to guard against unexpected events.
As night fell, the oasis underwent a transformation with the emergence of buzzing insects, chirping birds, roaring beasts, tremors in the earth, and other peculiar sounds. This lively atmosphere was a stark contrast to the daytime silence, making everyone realize the oasis’s ominous nature.
The darkness unveiled the true face of the oasis, exposing more than their daytime experiences had revealed.
Dustin and Grace sat across from each other inside the tent. They were warming up by the fire and drinking tea.
“We’re in the oasis now. Did your Celestial Eye pick up on anything?” She was the one to break the silence and initiate the conversation.
She enlisted Dustin for security and his Celestial Eye. The relic could not only see through illusions and break spells but also served for treasure hunting. The Celestial Eye would respond when valuable items entered its range.
Dustin calmly took a sip of tea before stating, “It senses a faint response in both the southeast and northwest, but it’s not obvious. Furthermore, it doesn’t match with the Dracan essence you described.”
A faint response might suggest either a considerable distance or just a regular treasure. The Celestial Eye wouldn’t respond to items such as eclipse spiritstone or revitalberries.
“Looks like we need to go deeper.”
Grace nodded.
She realized finding the Dracan essence wouldn’t happen in a day. However, considering the situation, the sooner they finished the mission, the safer they’d be.
He said casually, “Honestly, I’ve got a bad feeling. This time, finding the Dracan essence might not be easy.”
She replied, “If it were a breeze, I wouldn’t have reached out to you. The fate of our nation is tied to the Dracan essence. Regardless of the challenges, I must get it back.”
“Sure, whatever you say,” Dustin said with a shrug. He was ready to fully commit to seeing the mission through.
As they chatted, a sudden whistle sliced through the air, a clear warning of impending danger. Soon after, the deep growl of a beast reached their ears.
A resonant roar abruptly shattered the tranquility of the camp, jolting everyone into action. Weapons in hand, they hastily exited their tents, ready to confront an unknown threat.
“What’s going on?”
Grace frowned as she and Dustin stepped out, coincidentally encountering the captain of the royal guards.
“Ms. Linsor, there’s an unknown creature approaching. Please stay in the tent for a moment!” the captain advised.
“A creature?” She raised an eyebrow. ” Lead the way.”
“Ms. Linsor, it might be dangerous!” The captain hesitated.
“With Mr. Rhys by my side, that creature won’t pose a threat to me.”
She spoke briefly and headed directly toward the source of the sound. She couldn’t wait to find out which creature dared to attack the camp at night.
###Chapter 1958 by Marina Vittori
On the camp’s outskirts, two elite squads stood watch with their eyes fixed on the darkness ahead.
The distant roars of approaching creatures echoed, accompanied by the rumble of their thunderous run. Everyone in the camp had assembled, prepared to face the unknown threat.
“Protect Ms. Linsor!” The captain of the royal guard quickly assembled his men when he saw Grace step forward. They formed a protective circle around her as a precaution.
“Draw your swords!” Excitement and nervous anticipation mixed within Jackson as he directed the disciples of the Embersteel Order to form a defensive stance.
While sparring in the martial world was familiar, facing a creature was entirely new and anxiety-inducing.
“Stay sharp and adapt to the situation, “Garrett urged.
The Black Scorpion Squad took a strategic position at the back. Despite their diverse skills, their combat strength fell short compared to the Embersteel Order disciples.
“Making a fuss over nothing.” Aidan leaned casually against a tree, jug of warm wine in hand, appearing indifferent.
Despite his status as a grandmaster martial artist, he radiated pride and paid little attention to common creatures. Yet, he couldn’t help but be curious about the peculiar beings hidden in the mysterious oasis.
Suddenly, a thunderous roar echoed through the air, and a strange creature, neither deer nor horse, emerged from the shadows.
It had two horns, scales that adorned its body, a tail resembling a steel whip, and razor-sharp teeth, creating an intimidating spectacle.
“Set the fire ablaze!” the captain of the royal guard commanded. The outer perimeter’s kerosene was immediately ignited. The camp’s surroundings came to life, casting away the earlier chill and enveloping the area in comforting warmth.
The deer-horse-like creature emitted a startled neigh in front of the wall of fire. It paused in its advance and lifted its front hooves in fear. After all, nearly all creatures displayed an instinctual aversion to fire.
“Hah! That really got me! I thought this creature was some powerhouse, but no, just this scaredy-cat!”
“This creature seems menacing, but it couldn’t even handle a wall of fire. Classic case of appearances being deceiving.”
“This creature’s definitely one of a kind. Imagine if we manage to capture it alive! It could fetch a hefty sum in the market, don’t you think?”
“Yes! Let’s catch it alive and cash in big time!”
Excitement bubbled within the group as discussions erupted. The realization that the rare creature before them could fetch a substantial sum at auction heightened the anticipation, surpassing the value of most treasures.
Amidst their discussion, a sudden movement emerged from the darkness. The creature resembled a panther but was notably larger. Its black fur shimmered like a coat of armor in the flickering firelight.
The black panther swiftly lunged at the deer-horse-like creature, clamping its jaws onto its neck.
Overwhelming in size and strength, the panther tore into its prey, and the cries of the deer-horse-like creature weakened with each passing moment.
As the struggle wore on, the deer-horse -like creature’s attempts to break free proved futile against the relentless assault of the black panther.
The vast difference in size allowed the panther to immobilize the deer-horse- like creature easily with a single swipe, keeping it pressed to the ground.
As the deer-horse-like creature let out a final wail, its struggles stopped, leaving its blood to stain the ground.
Unperturbed, the black panther continued to feed on its prey, the pungent smell of blood rapidly permeating the surroundings.
“What … What in the world is this?”
“Damn! This creature looks seriously tough!”
The group’s eyes widened in a mix of astonishment and dread as they observed the ferocious black panther.
Its sheer size, towering over a tiger, exuded an intimidating presence that held them in awe. The aggressive attack added to the spectacle as it pounced with lightning speed, catching everyone off guard.
The black panther’s razor-sharp claws and fangs effortlessly pierced through the scales of the deer-horse-like creature.
In the blink of an eye, it demonstrated a lethal prowess that, if directed at a human, could lead to immediate dismemberment with a single swipe.
Initially, they assumed the intruder in the camp was a deer-horse-like creature. However, they soon realized it was the prey being pursued by an even more ferocious creature.
“Ms. Linsor, what should we do? Should we try to capture it alive or take it down?” The captain of the royal guard asked cautiously.
The creature, resembling a black panther, could have been a captivating sight for Oakvale had they succeeded in capturing it.
Nevertheless, its fierce temperament and formidable strength presented a considerable challenge.
Although killing it appeared to be the simpler choice, trying to capture it entailed the potential harm to their team.
“Let it be. If it finishes its meal and moves on, just act like nothing happened,” Grace replied calmly. Initially alarmed by the possibility of a camp attack, she soon recognized the situation as a predator simply hunting for its prey.
Understanding that such events were part of the oasis ecosystem, she chose to refrain from interference as long as there was no imminent threat.
Laughter echoed through the air, and Aidan, holding his wine jug, approached with a spark of excitement. “This creature is extraordinary. I want to make this creature my mount.”
His eyes glittered with enthusiasm, clearly fascinated by the black panther creature.
“Mr. Ridge, this creature is quite fierce. Are you sure about this?” Jackson inquired cautiously.
“What? Are you doubting my ability to tame it?” Aidan raised an eyebrow, a hint of displeasure crossing his face.
“No.” Jackson shook his head decisively.
He added, “Mr. Ridge’s strength is unparalleled. Taming a creature like this would be a breeze. My only worry is that taking such a wild creature out of the oasis might lead to some troubles.”
“Cut the nonsense! I couldn’t care less about trouble. This creature is mine, and nobody is taking it away from me!” Aidan declared with authority.
In his eyes, having such a majestic creature as his mount meant the name “Sandscale” would echo far and wide.
###Chapter 1959 by Marina Vittori
“Mr. Ridge, since you’re determined, I won’t insist further,” Jackson conceded as his advice went ignored.
He knew that revealing these unknown creatures would create chaos once they were taken outside the oasis. However, the outcome remained uncertain.
Suddenly, Aidan turned to Grace.”
Little Miss, I’ve got a plan to catch this critter alive. Can I borrow your Dragon Rope?”
Despite having enough skills to handle the creature, the real challenge was capturing and taming it.
Understanding that regular ropes wouldn’t work against such a strong beast, Aidan realized that only the Dragon Rope could do the job.
“Since you’ve asked, I won’t say no,” Grace said. She signaled to the captain of the royal guard to get the Dragon Rope. Once he returned, she handed it to Aidan.
Aidan’s mood improved as he took the Dragon Rope. “Thank you, I really appreciate it. Remember, if you ever run into any trouble, don’t hesitate to reach out to me!”
Just as he was about to approach the creature, an unexpected event occurred.
The black panther, focused on its meal, suddenly sensed something and raised its head alertly. Its emerald-green eyes scanned the surroundings, and its steel -like black fur stood on end, anticipating danger.
Suddenly, the ground in front of the black panther erupted, creating a massive crater.
Emerging from the hole was a giant python, its body as thick as a water tank and stretching over 30 feet. Its scales resembled armor, gleaming with a metallic sheen that gave it the appearance of a train from afar.
“What the heck!”
The unexpected scene surprised everyone.
The menacing black panther and an even more imposing giant python seemed to appear out of nowhere. It made them wonder how many other creatures were lurking in the oasis.
The brown giant python slithered out from the earth, hissing as it charged toward the black panther. The black panther was unfazed and stood its ground, meeting the python head-on.
And a fierce battle began.
The black panther displayed its speed, razor-sharp claws, and agile movements to counter the giant python’s attacks.
Meanwhile, the python used its size, strength, and defense. The survival struggle between these two creatures continued.
The black panther tactically focused on tearing and swiping, executing each strike with precision before retreating to avoid prolonged engagements.
On the contrary, the giant python utilized its body and tail, capitalizing on its colossal size, immense strength, and robust defense.
The struggle for survival between these two creatures persisted. The black panther had the advantage, inflicting scratches on the giant python with each attack.
However, the python’s size made it somewhat clumsy, temporarily hindering its ability to retaliate against the nimble black panther.
“Heh… Looks like my mount’s got the upper hand!” Aidan chuckled, enjoying the spectacle. He knew that making the black panther his mount would boost his prestige significantly.
“The giant python hasn’t fully unleashed its power yet. It’s tough to predict who’ll come out on top,” Dustin remarked casually.
He could see that the seemingly fierce black panther was struggling against the giant python’s well-protected scales.
“Kid, you might want to get those eyes checked. If you can’t see the clear advantage in this fight, mark my words – within three minutes, that giant python will be slithering away in defeat! “Aidan confidently declared.
“Oh, really? Well, we’ll just have to wait and see,” Dustin replied with a subtle smile, keeping his words brief.
The clash between the two creatures intensified, causing havoc as they fought. Soon, the defensive structures at the camp’s entrance crumbled under the force, proving futile against the powerful beasts.
In response, everyone present unanimously decided to keep a significant distance as a precaution.
During the intense battle, the black panther saw an opportunity and bit a vulnerable spot on the giant python. As it tore at the giant python, aiming for a fatal blow.
However, the giant python had anticipated this move. It quickly turned its head upon being bitten, releasing a black mist from its mouth that swiftly shrouded the black panther, completely enveloping it.
Now howling in distress, the black panther hesitated to attack and chose to retreat.
Unfortunately, the poison had taken its toll, slowing the once-swift black panther down and rendering it unable to evade the pursuing giant python.
With a forceful lash of its tail, the giant python struck the black panther, sending it flying and crashing into two large trees.
Struggling to regain its footing, the black panther found itself trapped by the giant python.
Coiling around the black panther, the giant python began squeezing it. The giant python intended to use its strength to strangle the black panther to death.
Facing imminent death, the black panther howled and fought desperately, but its movements were confined, rendering it powerless.
It could only watch as the giant python constricted, squeezing the life out of it.
Three minutes later, the black panther had gasped its last breath. In this life- or-death battle, it succumbed to defeat.
The significant gap in size and strength left no room for error. Once trapped by the giant python, it became prey.
“What happened here? Did my mount lose the battle?” Aidan’s face contorted into a displeased frown.
He had been confident that the black panther would win, but to his surprise, it was defeated by the giant python.
Despite the giant python’s superior strength, Aidan realized it wasn’t a suitable choice for a mount. The idea of riding a snake frustrated him, as it just didn’t make sense.
“This giant python seems to be quite smart, using strategies and tactics.”
Grace marveled.
She realized that the giant python had initially held back its full strength, pretending to be weak and patiently waiting for the right moment.
Unbeknownst to the black panther, it had walked into the giant python’s trap. The true strength of the giant python lay not only in its immense strength but in its poison mist.
Given the black panther’s swift movements, direct assaults were a challenge, prompting the python to wait for the perfect opening.
When the black panther couldn’t evade the impending strike, the giant python delivered a lethal blow. It was a display of intelligence that highlighted the giant python’s cunning and adaptability.
###Chapter 1960 by Marina Vittori
Dustin smirked at Aidan. “Well, that Dragon Rope of yours seems pretty useless now, huh?”
The rope, initially effective in restraining the panther-like creature, proved useless against the formidable brown giant python. In simpler terms, it couldn’t even be used on the giant python.
Aidan’s irritation grew as he spoke, ” This devilish creature killed my mount. It must be dealt with.”
As he prepared to face the brown giant python, an unexpected twist unfolded.
Suddenly, a massive shadow swept across the sky, casting everything into darkness. A breathtaking black eagle materialized, its body a marvel of obsidian beauty, and its feathers gleamed like polished steel.
When it spread its wings, they stretched over 30 feet, resembling a commercial airplane at a glance.
The eagle dove from the sky, reaching an incredible speed and covering several hundred feet in the blink of an eye.
As it descended, the gusts of wind caused trees to topple as sand and stones scattered around. The winds created by the eagle’s descent left everyone swaying, struggling to maintain their balance.
The majestic black eagle let out a piercing scream as it dove toward the giant python. Its massive talons, like steel claws, snatched the serpent.
Caught off guard, the giant python spewed black poisonous mist from its mouth. However, the majestic black eagle seemed prepared for this.
As the mist billowed, its colossal wings flapped vigorously, swiftly dispersing the toxic cloud.
Suddenly, the majestic black eagle’s talons fiercely gripped the giant python’s body. Its sharp claws, nearly two feet long, effortlessly pierced through the serpent’s scales and into its flesh.
The giant python writhed desperately in agony, unable to escape the powerful grasp.
A piercing scream echoed as the majestic black eagle soared into the sky, its wings creating powerful hurricanes. With swift grace, it lifted the giant python, which struggled against its grasp.
Despite the python’s resistance, the black eagle, using its long beak, relentlessly pecked at the serpent’s head, creating a gaping, bloody wound.
After a series of spasms, the giant python went still. The majestic black eagle, gripping its conquest, gracefully took flight, leaving the scene.
The entire scene unfolded rapidly- from the sudden appearance of the majestic black eagle, its quick hunting, to its departure-all happening in just a few seconds. Those watching were left amazed, struggling to comprehend the fast- paced events.
The giant python, thought to be the top predator reigning over the food chain, was unexpectedly overpowered by the black eagle.
In the jungle, it seemed like the rules were unpredictable, with the roles of hunter and prey constantly changing.
A creature might play the role of a hunter in one instance, only to find itself being hunted shortly after.
As the black panther chased the deer- horse-like creature, it didn’t expect the giant python to turn its attention to it.
Similarly, while the giant python hunted the black panther, it didn’t realize the looming threat of an even more powerful black eagle.
In just a few minutes, everyone witnessed the ruthless enforcement of the jungle’s law. In this unforgiving oasis, no creature could claim safety as the hierarchy of predators and prey shifted relentlessly in a cycle.
###Chapter 1961 by Marina Vittori
A minor miscalculation could result in a fatal outcome. The earlier series of struggles vividly illustrated the ruthless nature prevailing in the untamed jungle.
“Wow, can you believe that giant python got taken down so easily?”
“Yeah, it was a powerful python, but it ran into its natural predator.”
“That’s pretty scary! If even a strong python can be defeated so quickly, are we in even more danger?”
Staring at the wreckage scattered around them, the group felt a mix of shock and unease.
The place exuded brutality and danger, leaving them on edge. The fear of becoming prey to the exotic beasts lurking around loomed large, with a high chance of meeting a sudden demise. It finally dawned on them why Ryan had succumbed to madness.
Facing such a dangerous and horrifying environment would be daunting for anyone, and it was still early in the night.
The looming uncertainty of whether more creatures would emerge in the later hours only added to their apprehension.
“Looks like this place is turning out to be riskier than we expected,” Jackson observed, a faint sigh escaping him as his expression shifted to a more serious tone.
“Well, they do say, ‘no pain, no gain.’ After all, where’s the thrill in seeking rare treasures without a bit of danger?” Aidan responded, maintaining his calm composure.
Confident in his strength, he realized that facing the black eagle earlier wouldn’t have been a problem. Therefore, there was really nothing to be concerned about.
“Yeah, it’s unnerving, risking our lives for treasure, only to miss out on enjoying them later,” Jackson admitted with a shake of his head.
Despite his concerns, he found solace in the fact that they held the numerical advantage, and Aidan’s expertise as a grandmaster martial artist gave them a valuable edge.
However, if a lone disciple from the Embersteel Order had ventured into the oasis alone, facing a powerful creature could have led to significant casualties.
“Listen up, everyone! This isn’t a safe spot for us to hang around for too long. Let’s pack up and find another place to stay,” Grace cautioned.
She knew the earlier commotion might attract more creatures. Also, the pungent smell of blood only increased the risk if they continued to stay. Therefore, she opted to seek a safer location.
“Why is everyone just standing here? Did you not catch what Ms. Linsor said? Let’s get moving!” Jackson hollered, instructing the disciples of the Embersteel Order to start packing up.
“Damn! Had I known it was this risky, I would’ve bailed when the sun was still up!” A member of the group expressed his regret.
The man in yellow reassured him, “Cut the negativity. We’ve got Jackson and Mr. Ridge, plus so many experts. We’re bound to make it back safe and sound.”
As he wrapped up his words, a swift vine unexpectedly surged from the ground, piercing through his chest with lightning speed.
It emerged seamlessly, passing from his back to his chest as effortlessly as slicing through cheese.
“Ugh .” The man in yellow shivered, his body frozen in place. His wide-eyed gaze fixated on the vine that had impaled him, an expression of disbelief etched across his face.
As he grappled with the shock, he couldn’t fathom where this sudden onslaught had come from. He stiffly turned his head, attempting to discern the source of the ambush. In the next moment, a gruesome sound of flesh tearing filled the air.
More vines shot out, mercilessly riddling him with holes. The man in yellow’s head tilted, and he met his demise on the spot.
Right up to the end, he never imagined that his words from just moments ago would be his final testament.
###Chapter 1962 by Marina Vittori
“H-Hey?” the man stammered. His jaw dropped as he watched the man in yellow getting skewered by those vines. In a daze, he stood frozen, unable to grasp the sudden death of someone lively who was just talking moments ago.
Rhythmic drips filled the air as the vines hoisted the lifeless body, letting fresh blood spill out and eagerly devour the body.
Before their eyes, the once withered vines transformed into a more nourished and glossy look with a faint crimson hue accentuating its surface.
As the vines greedily absorbed the fresh blood, the man in yellow underwent a swift and noticeable transformation. His once vital body rapidly withered, leaving behind nothing but a desiccated corpse.
“Help! Somebody, help! Monsters!”
Finally, the other man snapped out of his stupor. He started yelling and desperately tried to escape, not even caring about the weapon he had dropped.
As he turned to run, a vine shot up from the ground.
Swift as lightning, it speared through the man’s head like a javelin, entering from the back and exiting through his mouth. It immediately pinned him to the ground.
His eyes widened in terror, face contorted with fear as he met his demise with open eyes. If he had known the danger, he wouldn’t have come in search of treasure. Sadly, regret struck him too late.
“Attack!”
The deaths of two Embersteel Order disciples spurred everyone around into action. They swiftly armed themselves and prepared for a counterattack.
After draining the blood of two Embersteel Order disciples, the vines remained unsatisfied. A dozen thick vines, each resembling a child’s arm, emerged.
These agile appendages, reminiscent of an octopus, swiftly launched a ferocious attack on the other martial artists.
“How dare you kill my comrades? I’ll make sure you pay for it!” Enraged by the demise of his companions, the burly man unsheathed his sword. With fearless determination, he charged at the vines.
“Die!” he roared, swinging his large blade ferociously.
The sharp blade aura surged forth, effortlessly slicing the two nearest vines into segments. His swordsmanship, a perfect blend of precision and intensity, made him nearly impervious.
Amid the assault, he skillfully dodged the retaliatory strikes, defending himself with finesse. As the two vines were severed, the remaining ones swiftly changed direction, converging towards him.
Although the vines were fast and powerful in their attacks, they were inherently fragile.
While capable of unleashing great power in a sneak attack, confronting a martial artist master head-on left them vulnerable to being cut.
Undeterred, the burly man continued his relentless swordplay, forming a net of white blade aura in front of him. With each swing, he sliced through every approaching vine with ease, reducing them into distinct sections.
“Impressive swordsmanship!”
The scene drew gasps and admiration from everyone present. The Embersteel Order’s disciples were well-known in the southwest for their exceptional swordsmanship.
The burly man, clearly a standout member, demonstrated formidable strength and flawless swordplay. He skillfully cleared the area of vines, showcasing his skill with each precise cut. Remarkably, he emerged unscathed throughout the entire process.
His exceptional skill surpassed everyone present, and his confidence in leading was well-founded.
“Go to hell!” With a powerful swing, the burly man cut the last vine at its roots.
He sheathed his sword, stood, and caught his breath. However, the effort had clearly worn him out, and his true energy was struggling to recover from the exertion.
###Chapter 1963 by Marina Vittori
“Hah! These darn vines dare to ambush my comrade. I shall set you ablaze!” The burly man, enraged by the stubborn, still-moving vines, swiftly grabbed a nearby torch.
He was ready to set it on fire. Jackson, watching from afar, noticed a looming danger and quickly shouted, ” Hey, look behind you!”
“What?” Upon heeding the warning, the burly man swiftly turned. A silver vine, gleaming unlike its dull gray counterparts, approached him like a spear. It was thicker, tougher, and faster.
“Go to hell!” With a quick wrist flip, he swung his steel blade, aiming to cut the silver vine in half.
The blade clashed with the silver vine, creating sparks and a loud metal clash. The vine’s attack paused, making the burly man stagger back in shock.
“This is tougher than I expected.” His eyelid twitched as he examined his steel blade, noticing a clear nick from his recent strike.
Realizing the vine was tougher than his blade, he wondered about its origin and concluded it must be a divine weapon.
Without granting the burly man a moment to react, the silver vine swiftly launched another piercing attack, moving as swiftly as a lightning bolt.
The burly man acted cautiously, promptly raising his blade in defense. Soon, an intense battle unfolded.
Despite his adept sword techniques and lethal moves, he found himself incapable of inflicting any damage upon the resilient silver vine. Even with a forceful strike, his efforts merely repelled the vine, leaving it unscathed.
Following a sequence of collisions, the silver vine displayed no signs of damage. In contrast, the man’s blade was riddled with notches and breaks.
Eventually, in the aftermath of another powerful clash, the burly man’s blade yielded to the strain and snapped.
“Retreat quickly!” Jackson urgently warned as he witnessed the dire situation. He rushed forward with the intention of supporting the burly man.
“Hmph! There must be a way to deal with you!” Unfazed, the burly man tossed his shattered blade aside and grabbed the silver vine firmly with both hands.
A tug-of-war unfolded, with the silver vine retracting desperately and the strong man exerting force to pull it outward. There was a brief moment where both sides appeared evenly matched.
“I must pull you out!” He gritted his teeth and stomped on the ground. His true energy surged through his body and limbs, causing his muscles to swell and veins to bulge.
His face turned crimson, and his eyes turned bloodshot. With his colossal strength, the silver vine began to inch out.
“Great job!” Jackson cheered as he watched, unsheathing his sword blade to cut the silver vine. But just as he was about to act, everything changed.
As the burly man struggled to pull away, a silver vine suddenly shot up from the ground, swiftly piercing through his chest. In quick succession, more vines emerged, numbering over a dozen.
They broke through the earth from different directions, relentlessly assaulting him and leaving his body riddled with countless holes.
###Chapter 1964 by Marina Vittori
Dealing with one silver vine was already challenging. However, what caught everyone off guard was the sudden appearance of a dozen equally strong ones.
The burly man, momentarily caught off guard, found himself impaled by the silver vines. In an instant, his body became a gruesome canvas of blood and wounds.
“What-” He couldn’t believe his eyes.
He thought he had faced the vine’s deadliest move, only to discover it was just a setup for an even more ominous threat. The monstrous entity’s origin and unmatched strength puzzled him.
Dozens of silver vines, like tentacles, lifted the burly man into the air. The silver vines ruthlessly tore his body apart with a resounding crack.
Blood sprayed and mingled with the dismembered pieces. Unlike the previous vine that drained blood, these silver vines seemed to assert dominance.
“No!” Jackson roared at the gruesome scene before him. Unhinged by the sight, he wasted no time and charged forward with his sword drawn.
“Die!” With relentless swings, he unleashed a fierce white blade aura, creating a storm that swept toward the silver vines.
The clash of metal echoed as he intensified his attacks, forcing the dozen of silver vines to retreat. Jackson’s cultivation, swordsmanship, and weaponry prowess surpassed those of the dismembered burly man.
Each of Jackson’s strikes held powerful energy, causing the silver vines to reveal vulnerabilities under his relentless assault.
“Jackson, we’re here to help!” shouted one of the disciples of the Embersteel Order as they rushed to support him without hesitation. With their elite training and practiced teamwork, they could alleviate his pressure.
Jackson shouted, “Bastard! I’ll uproot you!”
His comrades joined in, boosting the ferocity of his attacks. With their support, he no longer had to worry about defending himself.
Hence, it allowed him to unleash relentless strikes with full confidence in his comrades covering his back.
Jackson focused on precise blade techniques, repeatedly targeting the same vulnerable spots. While less efficient, this approach proved effective. Applying his full force, he gained the upper hand, severing each silver vine.
After a few minutes, he managed to cut down all the silver vines. The severed pieces bounced on the ground, displaying an unyielding spirit despite being severed.
Jackson gasped heavily, sweat dripping from his entire body. The silver vines proved exceptionally tough, demanding his full strength for each strike.
In a short time, he had depleted a significant amount of his energy. Despite that, he successfully dealt with all the silver vines. However, he realized he couldn’t handle another dozen if they were to reappear.
One of the Embersteel Order’s concerned disciples asked, “Jackson, are you okay?”
“I’m fine,” Jackson said, shaking his head. He quickly commanded, “Burn all these vines now. We can’t risk any unexpected attacks!”
“Got it!” Several disciples promptly went to get kerosene.
Their despair took hold as the ground rumbled softly. Countless gray vines burst forth, multiplying rapidly and shooting skyward.
As the gray vines emerged, they swiftly enveloped the entire camp, creating a massive cage that seemed to encase everyone like a mouse.
The ground trembled again, and from below, numerous silver vines erupted, easily numbering a few hundred at first glance.
“W-What?” Jackson stood there, horror etched across his face as he processed the scene.
Severing a dozen vines had already taken a toll on his energy. Now, confronted with hundreds of silver and thousands of gray vines, he wondered how he could attack or protect himself.
The shock wasn’t limited to Jackson alone. Every member of the Embersteel Order, each member of the Black Scorpion Squad, and even the envoy teams led by Grace were petrified by the unfolding nightmare.
The sheer number of vines was beyond belief for all of them. Having witnessed the Embersteel Order disciples in action before, they understood the threat posed by these vines.
The gray vines, though delicate, could swiftly penetrate the body with just one wrong move. On the other hand, the silver vines were more formidable, boasting increased speed, attack strength, and resistance to swords.
Dealing with gray vines demanded utmost care, and confronting silver vines was even more hazardous. This was especially challenging when the vines were in limited numbers.
However, the situation had changed. Now, they were faced with an unimaginable multitude of vines sprawling across the sky and ground.
As soon as the attack started, it became clear that their fate was sealed. Death was inevitable, and the only variable was the speed at which it would happen.
“What’s going on? Why are there so many vines?”
“This place isn’t an oasis. It’s a living nightmare!”
Everyone felt hopeless confronting a sea of vines. Each one looked like a lethal threat, poised to craft the fabric of their downfall.
“Calm down, everyone! Get your forces together, and get ready to break out!” Grace attempted to reassure the group, but her words were cut short by a loud boom.
A golden vine sprouted from the ground, stretching over 300 feet high and towering into the sky. With a thickness akin to that of a water barrel, it resembled a giant python.
It emitted an intimidating spiritual energy, and its strength surpassed that of the silver vines by more than a hundredfold.
Upon emergence, the golden vine arrogantly surveyed everyone. It exuded an air of dominance, like a king observing his subjects.
###Chapter 1965 by Marina Vittori
“What on earth is happening?” A collective gasp filled the air as the group laid eyes on the majestic golden vine soaring into the sky.
The gray and silver vines had already stunned them, but the dense and commanding presence of the golden vine took the spectacle to new heights.
If the gray vines were akin to soldiers and the silver ones acted as generals, the golden vine now assumed the role of a commanding king.
A haunting stillness surrounded the golden vine, sending shivers down the spines of all those present.
“I’ve got a bad feeling about this. That golden vine might surpass the strength of all the silver vines combined!”
“What should we do? What’s the plan now?”
“Are we going to die here?”
A sense of impending doom and unease gripped the disciples of the Embersteel Order, members of the Black Scorpion Squad, and Grace’s envoy teams. The overwhelming presence of the vines rendered them utterly helpless.
“Fear not, everyone! Mr. Ridge is here. He’s got this!” a voice reassured, diverting everyone’s attention to Aidan. A wave of optimism swept through the crowd as if they had found a savior.
“Exactly! With Mr. Ridge here, these vines don’t stand a chance!”
“Yes, Mr. Ridge is the Sandscale, a grandmaster martial artist. These vines might be powerful, but he can effortlessly cut through them!”
“Thank goodness, we’re safe now!”
Aidan’s status as a grandmaster martial artist significantly boosted the group’s confidence, emphasizing the formidable ally they had.
No matter how impressive these vines might be, they couldn’t match the might of a grandmaster martial artist.
Jackson declared, “Mr. Ridge, the situation is dire. We can only rely on you now.”
He stepped forward with a respectful nod. Dealing with a dozen silver vines had already pushed him to his limits. He believed Aidan was the only one who could turn the tide in the current predicament.
Aidan calmly stated, “Dealing with thousands of vines here is quite a challenge.” He knew that tackling them alone would be exhausting, especially given the unknown strength of the golden vine.
“Mr. Ridge, slicing through all these vines isn’t practical. Even if it were possible, we’d probably face significant losses. Our best bet is to break through, “Grace stated.
She added, “To minimize casualties, we need you to handle the golden vine and restrain some of the silver ones to buy time for the team.
“Once we escape the encirclement, you can retreat without getting fully involved in a battle.”
“She’s right!” Jackson chimed in.
He went on, “Mr. Ridge, we’re just asking you to buy us some time. Half an hour would be great, but even 10 minutes would work!”
“I’m open to your request, but what do I gain from it?” Aidan questioned abruptly.
Given his cultivation, he could easily go alone and leave everyone behind. Therefore, he wondered why he should deal with these strange vines, investing effort without receiving any benefits.
“What’s in it for you?” Jackson seemed puzzled.
He pondered for a moment before asking, “Mr. Ridge, aren’t we allies? Allies share both good fortune and face adversity together.”
“Allies?”
###Chapter 1966 by Marina Vittori
Aidan raised an eyebrow, commenting, “Let’s be clear-we’re just fellow explorers with our own goals. We’re not allies, and even if we were, why do we have to share both good and bad times?”
Jackson hesitated, momentarily lost for words. It dawned on him that the rumors about Aidan’s unpredictable nature were indeed true.
“Mr. Ridge, state your conditions. If it’s something we can accommodate, we won’t turn you down,” Grace replied promptly. She sensed Aidan’s longing for some sort of benefit.
“Great!” Aidan grinned, impressed by her quick understanding.
He went on, “I can help you in getting out of this situation and guarantee your safety. However, in return, I’d need you to give me the Dragon Rope.”
“What? The Dragon Rope?” Jackson frowned at the unexpected mention. The Dragon Rope could restrain even grandmaster martial artists, making it invaluable. Aidan’s request at this moment appeared to exploit their vulnerable situation.
Hence, the unexpected behavior from such a respected grandmaster martial artist was truly disheartening.
“Why? Are you not willing to part with it?” Aidan spoke calmly.
He added, “Little Miss, the Dragon Rope is just an . You hand it over, and I’ll ensure everyone’s safety. It seems like a fair trade, doesn’t it?”
“You-” Dustin was about to say something, but Grace raised her hand to stop him.
She turned to Aidan and said, “Alright, you have a deal. As long as you help us, the Dragon Rope is yours!”
“Hehe… Well, you’re one sharp cookie. I love striking deals with sharp individuals like yourself. So, we’ve got ourselves a deal!” Aidan grinned widely.
The Dragon Rope meant a lot to him, and he saw it as a valuable asset for facing tough opponents down the road.
“Mr. Ridge, the ball’s in your court now. “Grace nodded respectfully.
“No need to fret, just a handful of vines. Let me show you how I deal with them!” Aidan confidently declared. As he spoke, his hand swiftly moved to grasp his weapon.
His weapons were the unique crescent- shaped dual blades known for their unusual but razor-sharp design.
“Begone, foul creature!” he yelled. He charged toward the golden vine with his dual blades.
“The Dragon Rope isn’t your average possession. Why are you giving it away? “Dustin expressed his concern.
Despite Grace’s wealth, he knew acquiring such a precious item wasn’t easy.
Grace casually dismissed. “The situation right now is a bit uncertain, so it’s best not to show your cards just yet. Plus, it’s only a Dragon Rope, and I don’t mind letting it go.”
As they had just entered the oasis, she could tell different factions would start competing for dominance down the line.
If Dustin revealed his strength too soon, he might attract unwanted attention from all sides. In the bigger picture, sacrificing a mere Dragon Rope meant nothing.
“Sure, you’re in charge. I trust your plan,” Dustin conceded without further argument. He understood she had a plan, and his role was to assist, not to question every detail.
“Everyone, gather up! Prepare to break through!” Grace, watching Aidan confront the golden vine, quickly decided to instruct the group to form a defensive formation and prepared to charge forward.
###Chapter 1967 by Marina Vittori
Aidan demonstrated remarkable strength as he skillfully wielded his crescent-shaped dual blades.
With a swift motion, he released a barrage of blade aura toward the golden vines. Each blade carried enough force to split mountains, accompanied by a powerful gust of wind and vibrant lights.
In response to his attack, the silver vines transformed into long spears, hurtling rapidly toward him with astonishing precision.
These spears adeptly intercepted every blade aura, triggering a sequence of explosions. The countless blade auras shattered, forcefully pushing back the silver vines.
“Hmph! Let’s see how tough you are!” Aidan charged forward, crossing his dual blades. With a swift swing, he shouted, “Destruction Slash!”
A crackling sound filled the air as two crescent-shaped blade auras swiftly slashed toward the golden vine.
Initially three feet in length, these razor -sharp blade auras expanded to a towering three yards as they closed in. Appearing like unstoppable blades, they cut through the air with incredible force.
As the imminent threat loomed, the silver vines sprang into action.
Half of them formed a defensive net in front of the golden vine, while the other half turned into long spears, colliding aggressively with the approaching crescent-shaped blade aura.
The clash produced a series of impacts, compelling the proactive silver vines to retreat. They couldn’t withstand the force of the advancing blade aura.
Finally, the relentless crescent-shaped blade aura struck the woven net of silver vines, cutting through the once- impenetrable defense.
The net, renowned for its resistance to blades and imperviousness to fire and water, now bore a significant gap- severed by Aidan’s blade in a single, powerful strike.
This demonstration of destructive power highlighted the prowess of a grandmaster martial artist, effortlessly severing dozens of silver vines with a single stroke.
“Those blade auras are razor-sharp!”
“Sandscale truly lives up to its reputation. Impressive!”
“With Mr. Ridge in action, it looks like we’re in good hands!”.
As Aidan pressed forward with an unstoppable force, everyone couldn’t contain their joy.
The once formidable silver vines, once a daunting challenge, now appeared mere trivial obstacles in the face of the grandmaster martial artist.
It clearly showcased a significant contrast in strength-a powerful demonstration of skill that left no room for doubt. This was true power, an undeniable gap in ability.
“It’s a cakewalk!” Slicing through the gap, Aidan wasted no time seizing the opportunity.
He headed straight for the root of the golden vines, recognizing them as the true danger-the essence of the monster.
By tackling this primary threat first, he aimed to render the remaining silver and gray vines powerless. With a bit of time, he could eliminate them all. At that critical moment, the silver and gray vines launched a relentless and unavoidable assault on him.
“Are these critters trying to show off their feeble skills again?” Aidan sneered, holding his ground defiantly.
He swiftly wielded his dual blades, conjuring a protective shield of blade aura. With determination, he charged directly into the approaching vines.
Upon touching his blade aura shield, the vines were instantly severed. Whether silver or gray, none could harm him.
Within a ten-foot radius, the area turned into a deadly zone where anything approaching would be shredded into pieces.
Aidan left destruction in his wake, an unstoppable force that earned cheers from onlookers. Amidst the chaos, the once motionless golden vine finally stirred. Suddenly, it raised its front end like a whip, swiftly lashing out toward Aidan.
The golden vine, with incredible speed, sliced through the air, emitting a sharp sound as it viciously descended.
The impact was earth-shattering, altering the atmosphere and sending shivers down the spines of witnesses.
Aidan narrowed his eyes as he sized up the situation. In response, he swiftly assumed a defensive stance, crossing his dual blades to confront the oncoming golden vine directly.
The clash erupted in a loud explosion upon impact, unleashing a powerful shockwave that rippled outward. Its force scattered debris and stirred up a cloud of dust, creating a chaotic spectacle.
Gray and silver vines in the vicinity were torn apart, adding to the tumult. As the dust gradually settled, a massive crater marked the point where the golden vine had struck.
Within the deep crater, Aidan stood, visibly tired, sweat-soaked, and panting heavily. His arms felt numb, his hand was injured, and a trickle of blood slowly dripped from his finger to the ground.
His expression turned serious, losing all signs of ease as the golden vine’s downward strike proved too powerful.
Despite his efforts to block, minor injuries were unavoidable. It became evident he couldn’t match the strength of the golden vine. The realization hit him that direct confrontation would be futile now.
“I didn’t expect this thing to be so powerful,” Aidan murmured. He frowned as he cautiously eyed the imposing golden vine.
It was a surprising revelation, something no one in the entire realm could have anticipated -a mere vine possessing the attack and defense capabilities of a grandmaster martial artist.
Aidan turned to the group, shouting, ” Why are you just standing there? Hurry up and escape!
“This thing is tough. I can only buy you ten minutes. After that, it’s every man for himself!”
Upon hearing that, chaos ensued, creating a stir in the entire scene. Aidan, with his commanding presence, had given them confidence in assured victory. However, the situation took an unexpected turn, catching everyone off guard.
The group was in disbelief as they witnessed Sandscale, a formidable grandmaster martial artist, unexpectedly finding himself at a disadvantage after a direct confrontation. They couldn’t help but wonder about the true power of that golden vine.
“Run!” Without hesitation, everyone quickened their pace, understanding that if Aidan couldn’t hold his ground, it could mean the end for all of them.
Grace led the main force, acting like a sharp sword, fiercely fighting through the encircling gray vines and moving swiftly toward the outside.
At that moment, the golden vine launched another attack.
###Chapter 1968 by Marina Vittori
The initial assault proved ineffective, prompting the golden vines to launch another attack. The front end of the vine elevated, resembling a fully drawn bowstring.
After a moment of gathering strength, it struck down toward Aidan in the crater.
The follow-up strike demonstrated increased speed and force compared to the previous one.
Before reaching full power, the air itself seemed to tear apart, resonating with the anticipation of the impending strike.
The velocity and strength exhibited by the golden vines far exceeded those of the silver ones. Each strike carried a seismic impact as if the earth trembled.
Aidan noticed the approaching golden vines and chose not to confront them again. With a strong push from his legs, he moved sideways.
At that moment, the powerful strike of the golden vines hit precisely where he had been standing moments ago. The impact was thunderous, shaking the earth and creating a powerful shockwave. It resembled a gust of wind clearing away fallen leaves.
The newly formed crater sank several feet again, leaving a deep trench that seemed to appear out of nowhere.
Aidan staggered back, shaken by the powerful force. As he looked at the spot he had just vacated, he couldn’t help but feel fortunate to have avoided a direct hit, which could have been fatal.
Although the persistent golden vines missed their initial target, they continued their pursuit. The vines transformed into a menacing whip, sweeping along the ground, ruthlessly lashing out at him.
In their wake, the ground lost a substantial layer, and debris, mixed with mud, flew toward him like projectiles.
“W-What?” Aidan’s frown deepened as he pushed off the ground, using both feet to leap into the air and evade the sweeping attack of the golden vines.
At the same time, the silver vines in the surroundings sprang to life, thrusting relentlessly toward him like spears while he remained suspended mid-air.
Wielding his dual blades, he created a swirling circle of blade aura around him, efficiently severing the assaulting silver vines. Just as he thought he had dealt with the silver vines, the golden ones on the ground quickly launched another attack.
The golden vines shot up like massive pillars before slamming down toward him. Caught in mid-air and still dealing with the silver vines, Aidan found himself unable to evade, forced to watch as the golden vines smashed down upon him.
“Crap! It’s do or die!” He gritted his teeth, making a decisive move as he unleashed his renowned technique. ” Destruction Slash!”
Crossing his dual blades, Aidan infused them with internal energy before swiftly swinging toward the golden vines.
Instantly, two crescent-shaped blade auras shot out, forming an “X” and slashing rapidly at the golden vines.
The blades grew larger in the wind, transforming into massive waves that reached 30 feet in a blink. This sudden change doubled their destructive power.
The golden vines faced Aidan’s slashing blades head-on and took a solid hit without evading.
Subsequently, two explosions resonated as the heavy impact caused the two massive crescent waves to explode, dispersing into the sky. 1
Despite Aidan’s powerful strike, he couldn’t penetrate the defense of the golden vines. The attack only managed to slightly impede their movement, leaving two faint marks on their surface.
“What the heck?” Aidan’s expression changed as he observed the relentless golden vines.
At that point, evasion wasn’t an option. He had to brace himself, confronting the situation by wielding his blades. The golden vines struck his dual blades with great force, resulting in a powerful impact. Upon contact, he was forcefully thrown backward and propelled several feet as if by an immense power.
Eventually, he crashed heavily onto the ground. With blood trickling from his nose and mouth, his entire body experienced a momentary paralysis, leaving him looking thoroughly disheveled.
Aidan tried to stand, but before he could, the golden vines struck again, this time with even more force. The attack was swift and powerful, surpassing the intensity of the previous assault.
His energy churned inside him, rendering his limbs feeble and unresponsive. Completely immobilized, he could only watch as the golden vines descended upon him, fear evident in his expression.
Aidan, a grandmaster martial artist, never anticipated the formidable might of the golden vines. The setback he faced was beyond his expectations.
Helplessly, he could only watch as the vines slammed down on him.
Had he known, he shouldn’t have interfered in the first place. Knowing he could have easily escaped on his own, he questioned why bother with the life and death of others.
“Ah!” Aidan involuntarily let out a roar. He exerted all his strength to lift his arms in a final struggle.
Just as he was prepared for an imminent collision, a swift black sword aura emerged from the distance. It swiftly struck the golden vines with tremendous speed.
The black sword aura effortlessly cut through the golden vines, its trajectory continuing until it disappeared into the darkness.
With a sharp, tearing noise, the golden vines split in two as the black sword aura pierced through them. The separated segment crashed to the ground, mere feet from Aidan.
The primary section of the golden vine, firmly anchored to the ground, writhed violently, resembling a thrashing python. It relentlessly expelled golden fluid, some of which splattered onto his face.
Aidan gasped in shock at the unfolding scene. His mind went blank, struggling to process the events.
Questions swirled in his head about what had just happened and how the golden vine got severed by the sword.
Aidan couldn’t believe it – he had just witnessed the incredible resilience of those golden vines. Despite his strongest efforts, he couldn’t make a dent.
Then, out of nowhere, a black sword aura appeared and effortlessly sliced through the sturdy vines, like cutting through a tomato.
The sheer destructive force of the event left him astonished. He couldn’t help but wonder about the person possessing such formidable strength.
###Chapter 1969 by Marina Vittori
At this moment, Dustin was trailing behind the group 300 feet away. He secretly unsheathed his sword.
Dustin purposely stayed at the back when he saw Aidan in danger. Then, Dustin threw out a shot as fast as lightning.
The shot was so subtle that nobody noticed. It easily sliced the golden vine into two, saving Aidan.
The reason why Dustin saved him was because they were in the same group. Plus, Aidan still had some use to him.
As Grace said, all of the forces had already entered the oasis. Moreover, most of them were skillful martial artists.
Before Dustin found Dracan essence, he shouldn’t expose his identity.
After all, Aidan’s existence could help get rid of a lot of problems. Aidan was a grandmaster martial artist. Thus, he was more than capable of dealing with petty martial artists.
Dustin only sent out that shot after considering that factor.
Although the golden vine was powerful, it was only at a grandmaster martial artist’s level. Thus, it couldn’t withstand an ultimate grandmaster’s attack.
In the middle of the battlefield, the silver and gray vine started to buzz after the golden vine was chopped off.
The sound of swooshing over the air could be heard as all of the vines crazily aimed toward Aidan.
The attacks were continuous and overwhelming. It left no room for defense or time for Aidan to find a place. to hide.
Aidan didn’t have time to think. Immediately, he picked up the twin blades and activated his internal energy. Then, he began to cut down the vines that were attacking.
The golden vine was swift and powerful, making it hard to break through. However, the normal vines were different.
The silver and gray vines posed no real threat to Aidan. The latter could still easily deal with them despite being injured.
Just as Aidan thought he was no longer at risk, he felt scared after seeing something. He found that the golden vine that was chopped didn’t die.
After oozing out a large amount of golden liquid, the golden vine’s injury began to heal at a visible speed. Plus, the end of its vine grew rapidly.
Its vitality was truly shocking!
“How could this be?” Aidan’s eyes widened anxiously. Aidan didn’t know who was the expert who chopped off the golden vine and saved him from danger.
Unexpectedly, the golden vine didn’t die but continued to grow. If the golden vine were to heal and return to its original state, Aidan would be in big trouble.
Thinking of this, Aidan immediately wanted to retreat. As he was injured, he could no longer fight against the golden vine. He had to retreat immediately.
“Fuck off!” Aidan shouted. The twin blades immediately erupted with a blade aura that shot toward its surroundings like rain.
The vines that got close would be sliced by the blade aura.
The remnants of the vines rained down and scattered on the ground. Within a radius of 15 feet of Aidan, it became like a death zone. Any living being that approached would be diced up.
While attacking, Aidan ran at the same time. He couldn’t pay attention to his energy consumption, and the internal energy in his body gushed out like a tidal wave.
The vines that blocked his way were split up.
Aidan knew well that he had to break through the encirclement in one go. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to escape if the golden vine recovered.
After a frantic battle, Aidan finally rushed out of the encirclement and met up with the team ahead.
Perhaps it was out of their attack range, for the vines didn’t go after him. After showing their fangs at them, the gray and silver vines returned to the ground while protecting the golden vine.
Everything returned to normal as if nothing had happened just now.
However, they could tell how bad the fight was just by the remnants of the vines and human corpses on the ground.
“That was close. I finally managed to escape!” Aidan wiped the sweat on his forehead and sighed in relief.
Thankfully, he didn’t stay and fight. Otherwise, there would be huge consequences if he got caught.
“Mr. Ridge, you’re indeed amazing! You actually made the vines retreat by yourself. How admirable!”
“That’s Sandscale, alright! You live up to your reputation!”
“It’s all thanks to you for saving us. Otherwise, a lot of people would have died this time!”
After seeing that the crisis was averted, everyone surrounded Aidan and started to praise him.
They didn’t manage to see what happened as they were busy running. When they successfully broke out of the encirclement, they turned around and saw the golden vine had been severed into two.
Meanwhile, Aidan was wielding the twin blades and fought fiercely. He had forcefully got rid of all the vines in his way with his formidable skills.
They couldn’t help but respect him after seeing such a scene.
“What?” Aidan couldn’t help but look at them oddly as everyone praised him. He was unsure if he felt happy or sad.
Although the others didn’t know what happened, he knew it well. Aidan would have died if the expert hadn’t secretly helped him.
Judging by how the expert had sliced the golden vine easily using sword aura, the expert was way more capable than him.
Aidan even had a brave speculation. The expert might be an ultimate grandmaster!
However, the problem was that they were currently in the middle of nowhere. There were no outsiders around, either.
It was too much of a coincidence that an ultimate grandmaster would stumble upon them.
Perhaps the expert might be hidden among them!
When Aidan thought that, his breath hitched, and he scanned his surroundings to try and find the expert.
However, all he saw were unfamiliar young faces. Some of the older individuals seemed subpar compared to the experts.
Perhaps an expert really saved him by coincidence.
“Mr. Ridge, what happened? Your expression seems a bit weird.” Jackson asked in confusion.
“Not much. I feel a bit tired after using too much energy just now. I’ll be fine after a rest.”
Aidan shook his head before suddenly asking, “Oh, right. Who helped me block that attack just now?”
###Chapter 1970 by Marina Vittori
“Helped you?” Everyone looked around curiously after hearing Aidan’s words.
All of them were busy escaping just now. They didn’t have the time to think about anything else.
Perhaps something had happened just now.
“Mr. Ridge, your skills are superb. I doubt you’ll need any of our help.”
“That’s right. We wouldn’t be much help in a battle of your level.”
“Mr. Ridge, did someone step in and affect your performance just now? How terrible of them!”
Not knowing what happened, the crowd gossiped among themselves.
They thought that only a grandmaster martial artist like Aidan would have the ability to defeat the vines.
If Aidan didn’t make a move just now, many people would be dead right now.
“Mr. Ridge, what happened?” Jackson tried asking.
“Nothing… Nothing much. Since nobody admitted to it, it’s fine.” Aidan shook his head without another word.
He was just probing with his question earlier, not expecting an outcome from it. Aidan couldn’t accept if an ultimate grandmaster was hidden among them, either.
Thus, Aidan only reckoned that a capable martial artist happened to pass by and save him. If Aidan had the chance to meet the person again, he would definitely repay him for his kindness.
“Mr. Ridge, thank you. Here’s the Draken Rope that you want.” Grace walked up and passed the Draken Rope which she had prepared.
Aidan was moved. After hesitating for two seconds, he took the rope from Grace’s hands. Draken Rope was a treasure that he had sought out for a long time. Thus, he naturally wouldn’t refuse it. If the capable martial artist did appear, Aidan would find another way to compensate him.
“Little Miss, thank you. Since you’ve kept your promise, do come and look for me if you run into any trouble!”
Aidan smiled in satisfaction.
Although Aidan had been in a life-and- death situation just now, it was worth it as he got such a valuable treasure.
Looking at Aidan’s excited look, Dustin raised his eyebrows. Dustin was shocked that Aidan actually accepted it. Aidan almost lost his life just now. Yet, all he could think about was the Draken Rope.
If Dustin hadn’t considered the situation, he would have been reluctant for Grace to give out such a treasure.
“Everyone, it’s not safe to stay here for too long. Let’s find a safer place to discuss.”
Grace didn’t dwell on these matters. Instead, she urged everyone to leave the dangerous area. They had been constantly fighting since the night fell, leaving no time for them to rest.
In the beginning, everyone was just looking from the sidelines. However, the weird vines almost wiped them all out.
More than ten people were killed after the battle. Among them, there were Embersteel Order’s disciples, members of the Black Scorpion Squad, and Grace’s envoy team. There were many casualties and injuries on their team.
They had lost over a dozen people in just the first night. There would be more casualties to come. At this moment, everyone knew that this treasure-hunting journey was filled with danger!
After changing a place to rest, everyone no longer had the desire to sleep. Thus, they stayed up until the morning.
As the first rays of sunlight penetrated through the split of the leaves, everyone couldn’t help but let out a sigh of relief. It was as if they had survived a disaster.
The night was lurking with danger, making it extremely difficult to endure..
They had to be cautious against all kinds of monsters at all times.
In such an environment, everyone felt stressed out.
They could finally feel at ease when the morning came.
Most of the monsters would only come out at night. Thus, it was way safer and quieter during the morning.
“Start the fire to make food! We’ll continue on our journey once we’re done eating!” Under Grace’s command, all of her subordinates started to busy themselves.
Although the oasis was dangerous, they still had to do what they had to- search for treasures.
Nobody had a choice at such a stage. They could only grit their teeth and move forward.
On one hand, they had to make money. On the other hand, they wanted to have a bigger chance of surviving.
Following the main team and having a grandmaster martial artist guide them would ensure them a better chance of survival.
Not only would they miss out on opportunities if they gave up halfway, but they would be in danger if they bumped into a monster on the way back.
After satisfying their hunger, the team moved further into the oasis under Grace’s leadership.
Everyone became extra cautious this time. They proceeded carefully with each step, fearing to bump into anything nearby.
Just like that, they continued to walk for another two hours.
Suddenly, shouts could be heard from far away. Grace immediately raised her head and gestured for everyone to stop.
Then, she sent someone to check on what was happening.
About 15 minutes later, the spy returned and told what happened. “Ms. Linsor, two forces ahead are fighting. It seems like they’re fighting over a treasure.”
Grace raised her eyebrows. “Fighting over treasures? Can you tell what it is?”
“I was afraid of getting caught, so I didn’t get too close. Thus, I don’t know what exactly is the treasure,” the spy replied.
“Guys, what do you think?” Grace turned around to ask what the others thought.
“I think we should go and take a look since there’s treasure.” Aidan’s answer was straightforward.
“I agree with Mr. Ridge. Since everyone is here to hunt for treasures, we can’t miss out on any.” Jackson nodded.
“Nothing will happen if we just go and take a look. After all, we can retreat if necessary,” Garrett agreed.
“Okay. Let’s go and take a look!” Grace immediately commanded the team to head forward.
She needed to confirm for herself if the treasure the two forces were fighting over was the Dracan essence.
When everyone arrived at the scene, they found several martial artists surrounding a few young women and men. There were even several corpses around them, indicating that a brutal battle had taken place.
By working together, the few young men and women actually managed to fight against the several martial artists.
Unfortunately, it was difficult for them to fight against so many people. As time passed, the few young men and women succumbed to fatigue and started to sustain injuries.
If they continued to fight, all of them would be wiped out in less than half an hour.
###Chapter 1971 by Marina Vittori
Instead of making a move, Grace chose to understand the situation first. ” Captain Wilder, can you tell who are the two groups of people there?”
“Based on their outfits, the team that has more people looks like they’re from Fantasy Sea Alliance.” Garrett soon found out after taking a closer look.
“Fantasy Sea Alliance? Who are they?” Grace continued asking. Narrowing his eyes, Garrett explained, “The three major sects in the Southwest are Drakes Dominion Order, Embersteel Order, and Frostwing Sect.
“Under these major sects, there are six influential sects, and Fantasy Sea Alliance is one of them.
“However, Fantasy Sea Alliance is different from normal sects. The way they do things is extreme. Thus, they don’t have a good reputation. They have all sorts of members inside too.”
Jackson couldn’t help but sneer upon hearing that, “To put it simply, Fantasy Sea Alliance is formed by a bunch of immoral martial artists.
“They try to make themselves righteous, but they secretly like to engage in robbing and looting. They’re a bunch of scoundrels in the martial world!”
Grace nodded before questioning, “So, that’s the case. Who’s the person being surrounded, then?”
“They don’t have any noticeable logos on their clothes. I can’t tell who they are.” Garrett shook his head.
Most disciples would wear similar uniforms when they were out. This would make them easily recognizable when they were making a name for themselves.
“Wait for a moment. Jackson, don’t you think they look familiar? The woman in red is Harmony Sect’s Ms. Jaden!” Suddenly, an Embersteel Order’s disciple exclaimed.
“Harmony Sect?” Jackson raised his eyebrows. After going forward to take a look, he yelped, “It really is Sophia!”
“Jackson, is one of them your friend?” Grace tried asking.
“They’re more than friends. Harmony Sect’s Ms. Jaden is Jackson’s fiancée!” The disciple’s words were shocking.
“Fiancée?” Everyone exchanged glances when they heard that. It was indeed an extraordinary fate for them to meet at such a weird place.
“Everyone, I’m sorry, but I need to save them today!” After confirming her identity, Jackson drew his sword without a word.
Then, he pointed to the front. ” Embersteel Order’s disciples, follow me!”
After saying that, Jackson charged forward. He couldn’t just sit by and watch when his fiancée was in danger.
“Get them!” Embersteel Order’s disciples didn’t hesitate when they saw Jackson charging forward. They immediately drew their swords and joined the battle.
The Fantasy Sea Alliance had a terrible reputation. As righteous individuals, the Embersteel Order had been long fed up with their actions.
Now, the Fantasy Sea Alliance was even bullying Jackson’s fiancée. It seemed that the former wanted to stir up a hornet’s nest!
“Ms. Nicholson, the Embersteel Order has a good relationship with the Harmony Sect. Thus, they would often have intermarriage between the two sects.
“Jackson’s fiancée is the Harmony Sect’s senior member, Sophia Jaden,” Garrett explained straightforwardly.
Grace nodded. Then, she gestured and ordered, “Understood. Team one and two, go and support them.”
“Yes!” The two envoy teams immediately withdrew their sword after getting the order. Then, they started to confront the enemy together with the Embersteel Order’s disciples.
The sudden arrival of reinforcements caught the Fantasy Sea Alliance off guard. They didn’t expect someone to jump in on them when they were almost going to win.
“Who are you? How dare you bastards poke your nose into our affairs! Are you guys not afraid of death?” a skinny middle-aged man yelled, standing among the group of Fantasy Sea Alliance members.
“I can’t stand by and watch people like you outnumbering the weak! Get lost now if you’re smart enough. Otherwise, I won’t go easy on you!” Jackson yelled.
“How dare you! Do you guys know who are? We’re from Fantasy Sea Alliance!” the middle-aged man shouted.
“Who cares? Do you think the Embersteel Order is afraid of you?” Jackson yelled angrily.
“What? You’re from Embersteel Steel?” The middle-aged man narrowed his eyes, and his expression turned serious.
Embersteel Steel was one of the three major sects in the Southwest. They were way more powerful than Fantasy Sea Alliance.
If it were back then, Fantasy Sea Alliance naturally didn’t want to provoke the Embersteel Order.
However, things were different now. There was no way they would willingly hand over the treasure they found.
“Elder Lucius, they seem to be Embersteel Order’s disciples based on the logos on their shirts,” a Fantasy Sea Alliance member muttered.
“Since you know our reputation, you should retreat quickly!” Jackson yelled.
Fantasy Sea Alliance had more people on their side. If they engaged in a fight, Emberson Steel might be at a disadvantage.
Therefore, it would be best if Jackson could just scare them away.
“Fantasy Sea Alliance and Embersteel Order have always minded our own business. Why do you have to meddle in this matter and become enemies with us?” the middle-aged man asked lowly.
“You were attacking Harmony Sect’s disciples just now. Harmony Sect are close allies of us! If you want to deal with them, you have to fight with us too!” Jackson stood firmly, exuding a powerful aura.
“Okay! I can spare their lives considering that you guys are from Emberson Steel. However…”
The middle-aged man suddenly demanded, “They have to return all of the treasures that they stole from us just now!”
Upon hearing that, A woman in red yelled, “Nonsense! Those were treasures that Harmony Sect found! Fantasy Sea Alliance was the shameless one trying to snatch what was ours!”
That was Harmony Sect’s most important disciple, Sophia. She was also Jackson’s fiancée.
“Stop fucking talking! You only have two choices. Give us the treasure, or we’ll chop you guys up!” a member of the Fantasy Sea Alliance yelled impatiently.
###Chapter 1972 by Marina Vittori
“How dare you! Who do you think you are to speak like this?” Jackson couldn’t help but feel furious seeing Sophia getting threatened.
Initially, Jackson wanted to solve it calmly and avoid unnecessary conflicts.
However, he didn’t expect the members of Fantasy Sea Alliance to be so arrogant. The latter had disregarded Emberson Steel and attempted to forcefully seize Harmony Sect’s treasure.
They were simply going too far!
“You-” Just as the Fantasy Sea Alliance’s member was about to speak, the middle-aged man raised his hand to stop him. “Everyone, treasures are worldly things. It’s nothing compared to your own life. I doubt you guys wouldn’t understand this, right?”
“So what if we do understand?” Jackson narrowed his eyes.
The middle-aged man replied indifferently, “Since you understand, you should hand over the treasure. You lose some, but you win some.
“We’ll immediately leave once we get the treasure, and we won’t make things difficult for you guys. How about it?”
At that, Sophia glared at him and shouted, “In your dreams! Even if I die, I won’t give the treasure to despicable scoundrels like you!”
Upon hearing that, the middle-aged man’s expression turned gloomy. The group of Fantasy Sea Alliance members immediately shot daggers at her.
“Elder Lucius, why are we wasting time with them? We should just kill all of them!”
“That’s right. We’re more in numbers. There’s no way we would be scared of nobodies like them!”
“It’s not the first time we killed people to get the goods. There’s nothing much to worry about!”
The members of Fantasy Sea Alliance shouted one after another.
In their eyes, Jackson and Sophia were just sheep waiting to be slaughtered.
They could still spare the duo if they hand over the treasure. However, Jackson and his team were doomed if they refused their terms.
“Elder Lucius, I don’t think you should be scared of Emberson Steel’s influence. Although they are powerful, they are fewer in numbers. We don’t need to be scared of them at all.
“If we can get rid of all of them without leaving a trace, nobody will suspect that we did it,” a member of Fantasy Sea Alliance whispered. Upon hearing that, the middle-aged man raised his eyebrows. It was obvious he was tempted.
The reason why the middle-aged man didn’t make a move was because of Emberson Steel’s influence.
However, upon second thought, nobody would know what they had done. They were in the middle of nowhere, after all.
Thus, there was nothing to be worried about if they just got rid of everyone.
With that in mind, the middle-aged man puffed out his chest. His gaze turned icy. “I’ll give you one more chance to give up the treasure. I can still spare your life.
“Otherwise, you’ll need to bear the consequences!”
“Let’s see if you can actually snatch our treasure!” Sophia was not scared at all.
Sophia unsheathed her dual blades, gesturing for them to attack.
The dual blades were called Harmony Saber, with one shorter than the other. This was a unique weapon of the Harmony Sect.
The two blades shone brilliantly, dazzling in the light.
“You don’t know what’s good for you. Kill all of them! Don’t miss out on a single one!” the middle-aged man shouted with a gloomy expression.
“Yes, sir!” After getting his order, several Fantasy Sea Alliance members charged toward them.
They were unfazed for having to kill someone to get the treasures, after all, they were in a deserted area.
“Sophia, I’ll take care of them!” Seeing the members of Fantasy Sea Alliance making a move, Jackson immediately charged toward them himself.
Jackson was someone who wouldn’t sit by and watch a stranger getting bullied, not to mention his fiancée was the target.
“Kill them!” The Emberson Steel’s disciples followed closely behind them. They faced their enemies fearlessly.
“Sophia, let’s go and support them!”
Just as the few Harmony Sect’s disciples were about to attack, Sophia stopped them. “Wait! We used up all our energy just now and even got injured. Let’s not drag them behind. Instead, we should just leave.”
“What? Leave?” The few Harmony Sect’s disciples were stunned to hear that.
The Emberson Steel’s members were fighting because of them. Thus, it would be ungrateful for them to leave right now.
“Sophia, Mr. Hawk stood up for us. Isn’t it inappropriate for us to leave just like that?” A female disciple from Harmony Sect furrowed her eyebrows.
“What’s wrong with that? We’re not in our best state right now. If we join in the fight, we’re just going to die. Thus, we should just take this chance to retreat.
“Let’s preserve our strength and wait for another time to take revenge,” Sophia said matter-of-factly.
“Sophia, Emberson Steel has a good relationship with Harmony Sect. Now that Mr. Hawk is in danger, how could we just leave?” The female disciple couldn’t bear it.
If Jackson hadn’t helped them just now, they would have been wiped out by Fantasy Sea Alliance.
Now, Jackson was protecting them and facing the enemy all by himself.
If the members of the Harmony Sect just sat by and watched, it would make them no different from those petty people.
“I’ll remember his kindness. However, I need to consider the entire situation.
“Not only would we not be much help, we might even die if we go and help them. The best choice we have is to escape!” Sophia replied seriously.
“As long as we’re alive, there will be many opportunities. Thus, I’ll definitely avenge Jackson once we get through this and bring the treasure back to the sect!”
“Take revenge?” The expressions of the few Harmony Sect seemed off.
There was no use in taking revenge if Jackson was already dead.
“Sophia, but he’s your fiancé!” The female disciple furrowed her eyebrows.
Sophia’s expression was indifferent as she replied lowly, “So what? I already said I prioritize the overall situation. We should retreat right now.
“Don’t blame me for leaving you behind if you refuse to listen to me!” Finishing her sentence, Sophia turned around and left without hesitation.
After glancing back to see Jackson fighting with all his might, the few Harmony Sect’s disciples gritted their teeth and left.
“Sophia, you guys should leave now! I’ll hold them off for you…” Jackson was still worried about Sophia and the other’s safety amid the fierce battle.
However, Jackson turned around and found that there was nobody behind him.
###Chapter 1973 by Marina Vittori
Looking at the several figures escaping a distance away, Jackson was stunned. ” W-What?”
He didn’t expect Sophia and the others would leave so quickly. They even left without informing Jackson.
Even if they needed to retreat, they should have at least told Jackson.
By doing this, it seemed that they were leaving Jackson and his team to fend for themselves.
“Jackson risked his life to save them. Yet, the Harmony Sect’s disciples just left like that. How ungrateful!” Hiding nearby, Garrett couldn’t help but shake his head in disgust.
“It’s hard to predict what people are thinking. It looks like Jackson’s fiancée isn’t a good person.”
“How pitiful. Jackson ended up in this situation just because of a few ungrateful brats.”
The crowd gossiped among themselves. Emberson Steel and Harmony Sect were alliances, while Jackson and Sophia were engaged.
Normally, they should work together to face the enemy when in danger. They could even create a remarkable love story this way.
Unexpectedly, Sophia had betrayed Jackson without hesitation.
It was chilling how ruthless she was.
“Jackson, Ms. Jaden has already run away with the others. What should we do now?” The Emberson Steel’s disciples soon found that something was off while fighting.
Instantly, their expression turned gloomy. They risked their lives for Harmony Sect’s disciples. Yet, the latter had escaped without a word, leaving them to fend for themselves.
Nobody could accept such a betrayal.
“Things have already come to this. We don’t have a choice but to fight with all we’ve got!” Jackson gritted his teeth and fought even more fiercely.
“Hey! Are you guys dumb? They betrayed you, yet you’re still risking your life over here. Is it worth it?” the middle-aged man scoffed.
It was unlucky for Fantasy Sea Alliance to stumble upon such stubborn people.
“Stop talking nonsense! If we’re going to fight, let’s fight for real!” Jackson yelled.
“Fuck! What a bunch of maniacs!” While yelling, the middle-aged man ordered his subordinates, “You two, each lead a team and go after that woman. The treasure is still in her hands. Don’t let her get away!”
“Yes, sir!” The duo answered. Then, they led several Fantasy Sea Alliance members in the direction where Harmony Sect’s members disappeared.
The rest of Fantasy Sea Alliance’s Members continued to fight against Emberson Steel’s disciples. Even if several people had left, Fantasy Sea Alliance still overpowered with their numbers.
Thankfully, Jackson and his team were capable and fought courageously. At this point, the members of Fantasy Sea Alliance didn’t even fight them seriously.
Of course, the biggest reason was that fighting the disciples of Emberson Steel was like shooting a fish in the barrel in their eyes. Thus, they didn’t find the need to risk their lives. The best choice was to hold them off with their human wave tactic.
“They can’t hold on any longer. Everyone, go and support them!”
Seeing the disciples of Emberson Steel in danger, Grace didn’t wait anymore and ordered everyone to attack.
Instantly, almost a hundred people rushed toward the battlefield.
Fantasy Sea Alliance was stunned by the sudden turn of events.
“What happened? Where did these people come from?”
“Fuck! They’re here to help Emberson Steel!”
“Damn it! Another team of forces is here. We’re so unlucky today!”
The members of Fantasy Sea Alliance grumbled angrily.
They only wanted to snatch the treasure from the Harmony Sect. They didn’t expect Emberson Steel to appear, followed by a bunch of martial artists from out of nowhere.
Not only did Fantasy Sea Alliance not gain anything, but they even lost a bunch of subordinates.
“Elder Lucius, what should we do now? They’re all well-trained, and obviously not easy to deal with!” one of the members asked anxiously.
“What else we can do? They’re more in numbers than us, so we can only retreat!” the middle-aged man replied in annoyance.
There would always be an opportunity as long as they were alive. Since there were no sort of treasures they could get here, they didn’t need to risk their lives over it.
“Quick! Retreat now!” After receiving the order, the members of Fantasy Sea Alliance immediately escaped.
Before leaving, they didn’t forget to dump a bunch of smoke bombs to mask their exit.
They were quite professional in escaping.
“Don’t go after them!” Grace stopped the envoy team, who was preparing to chase after them.
Grace only wanted to save the Emberson Steel members. Thus, there was no need to complicate things.
“Jackson, are you okay?” Grace went forward and asked.
“I’m a bit injured, but it’s fine.” Jackson took a look at the cut on his arm, not paying it any heed.
Jackson had taken the lead just now and bore most of the pressure. Thankfully, he was extremely skillful and managed to hold his ground.
“Someone come and bandage Jackson! “Grace called a medic to heal the injured people. At this moment, a shrill shout sounded from far away.
“Oh no! Sophia is in danger!” Jackson’s expression changed. He immediately took his sword, not even paying attention to his injury.
An Emberson Steel’s disciple immediately stopped him. “Jackson! The disciples from the Harmony Sect are a bunch of ungrateful people. Do you still want to go and help them?
“Don’t forget that they’re the ones who dumped us and escaped by themselves.
They brought it upon themselves if they encountered any danger right now!
“Don’t put it that way. They were also heavily injured. Perhaps they chose to retreat as they were scared of dragging us down.” Jackson tried to argue.
“Don’t be so foolish, Jackson. They don’t care whether we die or not!” the Emberson Steel’s disciples shouted.
Anyone with a sense of gratitude and loyalty wouldn’t have betrayed Emberson Steel like that.
Even if they wanted to retreat, they should have at least told Jackson.
“Let’s talk about this later. I can’t stand by and watch Sophia in danger!” Jackson was a bit anxious. After pushing his disciple away, he rushed toward the source of the scream.
“Jackson, you fool!” The few Emberson Steel’s disciples gritted their teeth resentfully. However, they had no choice but to follow them despite being injured.
Although they despised Sophia for her betrayal, they couldn’t just look on as Jackson risked his life.
###Chapter 1974 by Marina Vittori
When Jackson and the others rushed over to the source of the sound, they saw Sophia surrounded by the members of Fantasy Sea Alliance.
The other disciples from the Harmony Sect had already fallen into a pool of blood, leaving Sophia to fend for herself.
Sophia was already injured, not to mention she had used a lot of her energy. Now that she had been surrounded in such circumstances, it was easy to guess what would happen to her.
“Guys! This woman is so pretty! I think it’s a shame if we kill her like that. We should let her live. Then, we can have fun with her today!” the man taking the lead shouted.
He was looking at Sophia’s curvy body with delight.
“Agreed!” The bunch of Fantasy Sea Alliance members grinned sinisterly.
Harmony Sect’s Sophia was a well- known beauty in the martial arts world. If they could have a taste of her, it was worth it for them to risk their lives.
“How shameless! I’ll kill all of you!” Sophia was angered as she swung the Harmony Saber in her hands with deadly force.
However, Sophia was fighting alone right now. She was exhausted and could not escape from them. Thus, she was left at the mercy of her tormentors.
The man leading Fantasy Sea Alliance cackled, teasing her, “Continue to struggle. The more you struggle, the more excited I am! Let’s see how long you can hold on!”
From time to time, he would inflict moderate-size cuts on her to wear her down.
The man had played with numerous women throughout the years he was in Fantasy Sea Alliance. However, it was the first time he met such a challenging woman.
Since he finally got the chance today, he was determined to thoroughly enjoy the experience.
Seeing his fiancée getting teased, Jackson was furious. “You bastards! How dare you all!”
“Jackson, save me!” Sophia seemed like she had seen a savior. She was overjoyed as she called for him.
“Fuck! It’s you, the troublesome guy again!” The leader spat on the ground and yelled with a darkened expression, “Since Elder Lucius didn’t finish you all off, it’s my turn to deal with you. Guys, kill him!”
After saying that, the leader signaled with his hands. Immediately, the members of Fantasy Sea Alliance followed him to charge toward Jackson.
Suddenly, a huge number of crossbow arrows shot from a distance. After flying past Jackson and the others, they accurately hit the members of Fantasy Sea Alliance.
At this moment, the members of Fantasy Sea Alliance screamed one after another. Some of them dropped to the floor, heavily injured, while some of them lost their lives on the spot.
Just after a round of shooting, Fantasy Sea Alliance had lost almost half of its members.
“Fuck! What happened? Where did the arrows come from?” The leader grew livid.
“Perhaps Emberson Steel’s backup has arrived.” One of the members panicked.
The leader’s expression changed as he quickly said, “Back-up? Oh no! Retreat now!”
At this moment, the leader finally understood how Jackson and the others survived. They managed to escape death and even came over to help.
It turned out someone was secretly aiding them.
“Retreat! Retreat now!” Seeing the ground filled with corpses, the rest of Fantasy Sea Alliance’s members turned around without hesitation.
A round of simultaneous arrows shot out from a distance. Then, it rained down on the members of Fantasy Sea Alliance like a storm.
###Chapter 1975 by Marina Vittori
Screams filled the place.
The leader was the only one skillful enough to block all the arrows. Meanwhile, the other members of the Fantasy Sea Alliance were lying in a pool of blood.
“Fuck! How dare you kill my members! Just wait for it. I’ll be back!” After the leader yelled this, he quickly ran away.
“Jackson, don’t let him get away!” Sophia immediately shouted.
“You bastard! Let’s see how you’re going to escape.” Without even thinking about it, Jackson ran after him with his sword.
Then, they engaged in a fight.
The leader of Fantasy Sea Alliance was indeed capable. However, he still could not be compared to a gifted martial artist like Jackson.
After the duo exchanged several moves, Jackson knocked him to the ground, risking his arm getting slashed in the process.
Then, Jackson pressed the long knife against his neck, causing him unable to move.
“Please! Please don’t kill me I know I was wrong! I have a wife and a newborn child. Please spare my life. I promise to turn over a new leaf!” The leader pleaded desperately.
“You know about the consequences, so why do this in the first place?” Jackson’s expression was indifferent.
“It’s not like I have a choice in the martial arts world! I was also forced into this situation. If you let me go, I can give you all the treasures I’ve acquired!” the leader begged sadly.
“You-” Just as Jackson was about to say something, a flash from a blade could be seen. A long knife had suddenly pierced into the leader’s chest.
The person who made the move was Sophia!
“Jackson, why are you talking so much nonsense? You should just kill shameless people like him!” Sophia had an indifferent expression.
Sophia seemed dissatisfied as she delivered several more blows to him. She finally stopped after the man became motionless.
Jackson furrowed his eyebrows, but he didn’t say anything else. The members of Fantasy Sea Alliance deserved to die from the atrocities they had committed.
“Jackson, thank you. I would have been in danger if you didn’t make a move just now.” Sophia tucked away her knife and shot a grateful smile to Jackson.
They couldn’t deny that Sophia was beautiful and had a graceful demeanor. With just a simple smile, the unpleasant feelings Jackson felt before had dissipated.
“It’s nothing. Just a small effort from my side.” Jackson smiled.
“Ms. Jaden, Jackson risked his life to save you. How about you? You escaped without informing us! Do you think what you did was right?” an Emberson Steel’s disciple questioned angrily.
Although the others didn’t say anything, their expressions were grim.
Obviously, all of them felt dissatisfied by how ungrateful Sophia was.
“Don’t misunderstand. I only retreated just now as I knew I was exhausted and could be no help to you all. I would just be a burden if I stayed there.
“It was a difficult decision for me, but I had to leave to not distract you all. Rest assured. I don’t have any ulterior motives behind my actions,” Sophia replied righteously.
“Are you saying that we should thank you?” the disciple from Emberson Steel mocked.
“You’re being too serious. Emberson Steel always has a good relationship with Harmony Sect. It’s only natural for us to aid each other.
“If I had done anything wrong, please forgive me.” Sophia clasped her hands together earnestly, looking pitiful.
“You-” Just as the disciple was about to speak, Jackson interrupted him by raising his hand. “Alright! What’s done is done. As long as Sophia is safe, that’s all that matters.”
“Thank you for your understanding!” Sophia nodded, seemingly extremely grateful.
However, a subtle smile flashed by the moment she lowered her head.
###Chapter 1976 by Marina Vittori
Although Emberson Steel’s disciples were discontent with Sophia’s actions, they had to endure it for Jackson.
Therefore, Sophia safely joined the team under Jackson’s protection.
“Sophia, let me introduce you to Ms. Linsor. Not only is she beautiful, but she’s kind-hearted too. She’s also the one who drove the members of Fantasy Sea Alliance away and saved us.
“We’re only safe right now because of her.” Jackson brought Sophia forward and did a simple introduction.
“Thank you, Ms. Linsor. I don’t know how to compensate you for saving our lives. I’ll definitely report to my elders for them to repay you once I return!” Sophia said in gratitude.
“There’s no need to be so polite, Sophia. You’re Jackson’s fiancée, which means you’re also my friend. Thus, it’s just right for me to save you.” Grace smiled faintly.
“Ms. Linsor, Emberson Steel, and Harmony Sect owe you a favor no matter what.” Jackson thanked her sincerely.
Fantasy Sea Alliance wasn’t an easy group to deal with. Despite meeting them by chance, Grace took the risk of offending Fantasy Sea Alliance to save Jackson.
Jackson would forever remember this.
“Sophia, the person beside Ms. Linsor is Dustin. He’s young, capable, and highly skilled in martial arts.
“He even managed to defeat Drakes Dominion Order’s Yonah.” Jackson then gestured toward Dustin and introduced him.
“Oh? You must be very capable to be able to defeat Drakes Dominion Order’s Yonah. You’re so young, too. May I know which sect are you from?” Sophia clasped her hands and asked in admiration.
The man in front of her was handsome and had a dignified demeanor. He was truly a rarely good-looking young man.
“I’m a lone martial artist who didn’t join any,” Dustin answered indifferently.
“That’s perfect. Harmony Sect needs talented young martial artists like you. Would you be interested in joining us?” Sophia asked earnestly.
If Dustin was able to defeat Yonah, it meant that he was on the same par as Jackson.
Dustin was so capable at such a young age. If Sophia could persuade him to join Harmony Sect, it would undoubtedly be a big achievement.
Most importantly, Dustin was way too nice-looking. He was Sophia’s ideal type, too.
“I’m used to being alone. Thus, I’m not interested in joining any sect.” Dustin shook his head in refusal.
“Dustin, it’s easy for a martial artist to be bullied if you only have yourself. It’s different if you have protection from Harmony Sect, though.
“With your talents, you’ll definitely be highly regarded once you join us!” Sophia tried to persuade.
“Even I can’t persuade him, not to mention Harmony Sect.” Aidan suddenly spoke from behind. Aidan always felt discontent that Dustin refused to be his disciple.
“This is …” Sophia glanced over and furrowed her eyebrows. However, she controlled herself to not throw a fit.
“Oh. I forgot to introduce him to you. This is Aidan, also known as Sandscale, “Jackson immediately said.
“What? Sandscale? The top five martial artists in Southwest?” Sophia widened her eyes in shock.
Aidan was a really powerful grandmaster martial artist. Plus, he was way more powerful than his sect’s leader.
However, it was rumored that Aidan rarely appeared. Thus, Sophia wondered why he was here, even teaming up with Jackson and the others.
“What? Is there a problem?” Aidan glanced at her indifferently.
“Nice to meet you! I heard my mentor saying that your martial skills are unparalleled.
“In fact, you’re so powerful that nobody can rival you. I’m really lucky to be able to meet you today!” Sophia immediately clasped her hands.
“Haha… You sure know your way with words.” Aidan’s expression softened a bit. Even if Aidan knew that Sophia was trying to flatter him, it still felt good to hear.
“All I’m saying is true. My mentor respects you a lot too. If you have the time, you can come to visit us at Harmony Sect.” Sophia invited.
“Let’s talk about it later,” Aidan said indifferently.
“Sophia, Fantasy Sea Alliance surrounded you all for a treasure. Thus, I was wondering about the treasure you managed to find. How about letting us take a look?” Garrett suddenly asked.
Fantasy Sea Alliance risked their lives to get the treasure from Harmony Sect.
Thus, Garrett was curious about the treasure. After all, the disciples from the Harmony Sect would rather lose their lives than hand it over.
“Treasure? What treasure?” Sophia pretended to know nothing.
“Sophia, why are you pretending? We all saw what happened just now. Why would Fantasy Sea Alliance want to kill you all if it wasn’t for a treasure?” Garrett asked meaningfully. 2
“That’s right. All we want is to take a look. We’re not going to snatch it away. Why are you being so stingy?” a short- haired woman from Black Scorpion Squad mocked.
“Don’t misunderstand. It’s not that I don’t want to let you all see, but I don’t have the treasure right now. Thus, I can’t show it to you all.” Sophia shook her head.
She understood that she had to keep the treasure hidden. If she really showed it to everyone, it might attract the attention of those with ill intentions.
“How could you not have it on you? It’s a treasure that you risked your life to protect, after all. What if you lose it?”
“I’ve already hidden the treasure so that nobody can find it. Once the backup from Harmony Sect arrives, I can show it to you all.
“If you guys want to have a look, please wait for a few more days,” Sophia said with a smile.
“Since you already put it this way, let’s just wait for a few days.” Garrett didn’t continue to argue.
He could tell that Sophia was very cautious. She wouldn’t easily reveal any information about the treasure.
Thus, she might get suspicious if Garrett continued pressing.
“Sophia, it’s dangerous over here. Why don’t I send you back first?” Jackson suddenly asked. All of Harmony Sect’s disciples had been killed. Now that Sophia was also injured, it would be dangerous for her to continue to stay here alone.
“Thank you, Jackson. However, I cannot leave yet.” Sophia shook her head.
“Why?” Jackson felt a bit odd.
“It’s because I found a place with treasures!” Sophia’s words were shocking.
###Chapter 1977 by Marina Vittori
“A treasure trove? Where?” Everyone became excited upon hearing that.
They entered the oasis just to find treasures. However, not only did they find nothing, but many had lost their lives over it.
Thus, they felt very excited upon hearing that there was a place with treasures.
“Actually, I planned to explore the treasure trove after backup arrives.” Sophia seemed reluctant.
“Sophia, time waits for no one. By the time the elite members of your sect come, there’s a chance that someone has already discovered the treasure trove!” Garrett felt anxious.
They finally had a chance to obtain treasures. Thus, they naturally didn’t want to miss out on it.
“That’s right. We’re in the same boat right now. Why don’t you tell the truth so that we can look for the treasure together?
“We can split it among ourselves once we find it. Deal?” the short-haired woman added.
“I can tell you, but we have to set some ground rules. Harmony Sect is the one that found the treasure trove.
“If you find any treasure, Harmony Sect needs to have half of it. As for the other half, you guys can take it. How about that?” Sophia put forward her conditions. 1
The treasure trove was located at a perilous place. Even if the Harmony Sect were lucky enough to get the treasure, they would suffer from heavy losses due to their limited power.
Therefore, Sophia intentionally brought up the topic to pique their interest. That way, she could find a bunch of scapegoats to check out the place.
Naturally, it would be best if they succeeded. After all, half of the treasure was enough to make Harmony Sect thrive. However, she wouldn’t lose anything if they lost. In any way, she didn’t lose out on anything.
Upon hearing that, Garrett furrowed his eyebrows. “What? You want to have half? Aren’t you being too greedy?
“We have so many people, while there’s only one of you. How can we split it among ourselves when you already want half?”
“That’s right! That’s just daylight robbery!” The short-haired woman was dissatisfied. It was greedy that Sophia wanted half when she didn’t do anything.
“Everyone, you can’t put it this way. Only I know about this treasure trove.
“If it weren’t for you guys, I only need to wait one or two days for the disciples from my sect to arrive. Then, I can collect all of the treasures inside.
“I’m only telling you all as you guys saved me. Thus, it’s considered a generous offer that we only want half of it,” Sophia said indifferently.
She made her intentions quite clear. Although she could have collected all the treasures for herself, she was being generous by letting go of half of it.
“Well…” Upon hearing that, the members of the Black Scorpion Squad exchanged glances.
Although they were discontent, they didn’t know how to rebuke. After all, they still needed Sophia to lead the way if they wanted to find the treasure.
“Ms. Linsor, what do you think?” Garrett turned around and passed the question to Grace. All in all, Grace was the leader of this team. Both Aiden and Jackson had to follow her decision.
“I only came here for one treasure, so I’m not interested in anything else. If Sophia can let me choose first, I can give the rest of the treasure to you all,” Grace replied indifferently.
“No problem!” Sophia agreed.
Sophia could tell Grace was quite important in this team. If the latter agreed, her plan could go as planned.
“Mr. Ridge, how about you?” Garrett turned to look at Aidan.
Although Grace was the leader of the pack, Aidan was the most powerful out of all of them. Aidan’s decision would affect the entire situation.
“Lonely old me won’t ask for a lot of treasures either. I’ll pick out two if I see something I like, and the rest is all yours.” Although Aidan seemed carefree, he actually kept an eye out.
Nobody knew what was inside the treasure trove. If he could pick two treasures first, it would undoubtedly give him an advantage.
He wouldn’t lose out at all.
“Since Mr. Ridge has requested that, I’ll definitely agree.” Sophia nodded again. As long as she took care of Aidan and Grace, the others were just left at her mercy.
“Since Ms. Linsor and Mr. Ridge have agreed, we don’t have any reason to reject. Let’s do it like that.” Garrett nodded helplessly.
Although Garrett felt discontent, the Black Scorpion Squad was weak. Plus, he didn’t have a say in this matter.
Thus, he could only go with the flow.
“Okay! You guys are quite straightforward. That’s a promise, then!” Sophia smiled, secretly pleased. Sophia thought that they were easily fooled, for she had convinced them without any effort.
“Sophia, let’s get a move on. It’s better to head to the treasure trove earlier, so let’s not drag,” Garrett urged.
The oasis was safer during the day. All kinds of monsters would become active in the evening. It would be very dangerous by then.
“Everyone, come with me.” Sophia didn’t waste time. After consuming a tablet, she led the way.
The group headed to the treasure trove together.
The crowd spent the entire journey walking and stopping at times. They finally reached the vicinity of their destination around three hours later.
It was a lake hidden in the vast forest.
The lake was huge, so deep that it appeared bottomless. The sky above the water was covered with clouds and mist, making it seem surreal.
Plus, the lake was exceptionally quiet, to the point of eeriness.
When they looked at the lake, they couldn’t find any signs of life, including insects, fishes, or birds. There was just deathly silence.
It looked like a painting when one looked at it.
It was just when the wind blew that ripples would appear on the lake’s surface.
“What?” When Dustin got closer to the lake, his Celestial Eye seemed to have sensed something. It started to buzz and emit a faint glow.
Celestial Eye’s obvious reaction indicated that there was an extraordinary treasure hidden near the lake.
Perhaps the Dracan essence they wanted to find was there!
###Chapter 1978 by Marina Vittori
“What’s happening?” Grace quickly noticed Dustin’s abnormal behavior.
“The Celestial Eye has detected something,” Dustin replied in a lowered voice.
“Hmm?” Grace’s eyes lit up and her heart was in her throat. “Could it be the Dracan essence?”
“I’m not sure.” Dustin shook his head lightly.
While it was true that the Celestial Eye could sense other treasure nearby, it couldn’t accurately tell what the treasure was. Hence, he couldn’t be certain if the hidden near the lake was Dracan essence.
The only thing that he was sure of was that the treasure was extraordinary as there was a huge reaction from the Celestial Eye.
“Whatever it may be, I have to go check it out myself. Later, we’ll play by ear and please pay attention to even the smallest detail,” Grace said seriously.
If the Dracan essence was really hidden nearby, she’d do anything to get her hands on it.
“Got it.” Dustin nodded and didn’t say too much. Instead, he paid extra attention to the Celestial Eye’s reaction as it had never stopped. The closer they got to the lake, the stronger the vibration.
As such, it could be concluded that the treasure was hidden in the lake.
The only problem was that it was a huge lake and it was very misty on the surface. Treasure hunting in such a deep lake wasn’t going to be an easy task.
“Sophia, is this what you call the treasure trove? Why does it look so normal?” Jackson looked around curiously. Other than the lake and some plants, there was nothing special around this area.
If there was anything special about the lake, it’d be the skeletal remains of some animals around the lake which were quite scary.
“Ms. Jaden, could we be at the wrong place? This is just a lake. Where is the treasure?” Garrett narrowed his eyes, looking displeased.
He had assumed that there’d be mounds of treasure waiting for them. However, he thought it was a waste of time when he saw just the lake.
“Everyone, please calm down. This really is the treasure trove. It’s just that you can’t see it now.” Sophia looked confident.
“What do you mean? Is there something else that we don’t know?” Garrett continued asking.
“That’s right!” Sophia nodded and continued, “It’s quiet and peaceful here during the daytime. However, it’s different at night.”
“How different could it be? Don’t tell me that the treasure would just reveal itself?” Garrett said jokingly.
“You guessed it. The treasure is hidden at the bottom of this lake!”
Sophia said with an ambiguous smile, ” We’re standing on peculiar terrain. At night, the water in this lake would reverse its flow, creating the illusion of receding tides.
“At that time, the scenery at the bottom of the lake will be completely revealed!”
“Oh, is that so?” Garrett cocked an eyebrow and was suddenly intrigued. It was no wonder that everything appeared normal on the surface. The real treasure was hidden at the bottom of the lake!
“How would you know about this so clearly?” Aidan asked casually.
“I was very fortunate to have caught a glimpse of this wonderful phenomenon last night. That’s why I’m very sure of it,” Sophia answered honestly.
Last night, she came across this lake when she was leading the members of the Harmony Sect on a treasure hunt. She was very lucky to see the water in the lake flowing back.
The most important factor was that she saw a large palatial building at the bottom of the lake. The interior of the building was very vibrant and colorful.
It was obvious that countless extraordinary treasures were hidden within.
Unfortunately, there were too many monsters surrounding the lake and she didn’t want to risk her own safety. Therefore, she had been waiting for the right moment.
###Chapter 1979 by Marina Vittori
No one knew that the lake would be filled with water again when morning came and the palatial building was completely hidden beneath.
Sophia didn’t dive into the lake as she couldn’t determine what was in the water.
“Are you sure that there is treasure hidden at the bottom of the lake?” Aidan asked again.
“It’s true! I swear!” Sophia appeared very certain.
“Alright, we’ll wait here then. We’ll see what is really at the bottom of the lake tonight.” Aidan nodded.
“Mr. Ridge, why do we have to wait till nightfall? Isn’t it better to just explore the lake now?” Garrett suggested.
Everyone knew that the monsters were most active at night. It might appear quiet and peaceful now, however, there might be many different monsters appearing by the lake at night. It’d be dangerous then.
“The lake is deep and we can’t see the bottom. If you go in now, you can’t even see where you’re going. How are you going to search for the treasure?” Aidan commented casually.
“Mr. Ridge, to be honest, my team members are very experienced and skilled. They are especially skilled divers. Why don’t we check out what’s below first?” Garrett sounded quite proud.
The members of the Black Scorpion Squad might not be the best in terms of combat skills, but they were all professionals in survival skills.
If not, Grace would not have hired them with a handsome sum to lead this expedition.
“Oh, really?”
Aidan raised his eyebrows slightly and said with a laugh, “If your team members could find out where the treasure is located, I can guarantee that you’ll get more than your fair share of the treasure!”
“Thank you, Mr. Ridge!” Garrett was happy to hear that. That was what he wanted to hear.
His team was nothing compared to the elite martial arts sects. If he didn’t work harder, how would he get a share of the treasure?
“Captain Wilder, in my opinion, we should wait longer,” Grace suddenly spoke up.
“No one knows what’s hidden at the bottom of this lake. I think it’s really risky if you go into the lake without any preparation.”
On land, they still had a chance to escape if they ran into any monsters. However, it was certain death if they ran into any danger in the lake.
“Please don’t worry, Ms. Linsor. All of my team members have at least five years of diving experience. They know very well how to conduct themselves underwater.
“I believe that they’d be able to handle any situation that arises in the water.” Garrett sounded very confident.
He had an ulterior motive for insisting. If they were to split the treasure normally, the Black Scorpion Squad wouldn’t get anything based on their status in the group.
If they explored the lake before anyone else did, they could hide some treasure for themselves. The Black Scorpion Squad would then be the biggest winner at the end of the expedition.
“If Captain Wilder feels confident about this, please go ahead,” Sophia said with an ambiguous smile.
“Dozer! Bring two people with you to explore the lake. Report back immediately if you see anything weird. “Garrett turned back and shot the bald, burly man a look.
The man, Dozer, nodded and understood what Garrett meant.
“You two, come with me!” Dozer got two members from the Black Scorpion Squad and walked to the lake right away.
As they reached the shore, the three of them took off their clothes, put on their goggles, and dove into the lake with their knives between their teeth. They completely disappeared from sight.
###Chapter 1980 by Marina Vittori
As Dozer dove in, the rolling waves quieted down slowly. Everyone stood and waited quietly at the shore, each lost in their own thoughts. It was a very quiet lake with emerald water.
The visibility in the lake was very low as no fish were seen. It was obvious that it was a little abnormal. Time ticked by slowly and very soon, five minutes had passed. The surface of the lake remained calm and there was no movement under the surface as well.
The trio that dove in had disappeared completely and they made no waves.
“It’s been five minutes since they dove in, right? Why aren’t they surfacing yet? Could there have been an accident?
“Likely impossible. If there was any monster in the lake, they must have put up a fight with it. However, there isn’t any sign of struggle. It’s enough to prove that they’re alright.”
“An undercurrent could have pulled them under and drowned them?”
Looking at the calm surface of the lake, everyone started discussing and guessing. Martial artists might be stronger than ordinary people. However, they could only hold their breath for around five or six minutes.
If they were doing a strenuous activity, they wouldn’t be able to hold their breath any longer than that. The trio that dove in earlier had no diving equipment with them except for their goggles.
It was quite strange that none of them had resurfaced after five minutes.
“Captain Wilder, how long can your team members hold their breath underwater?” Grace asked suddenly.
“Under normal circumstances, eight minutes,” Garrett replied.
“We’ve reached the six-minute mark. If they don’t resurface soon, I’m afraid that they’d be in real danger.” Grace checked the time.
She couldn’t see the situation underwater. She wasn’t sure if the team members of the Black Scorpion Squad had an accident or they had found the treasure.
They would have to consider the trio as collateral damage if they didn’t resurface by the eight-minute mark.
“Ms. Linsor, I have faith in my team members. They’ll be alright!” Garrett remained very confident.
If his guess was correct, Dozer and the other two must have found the treasure trove and were now hiding some of it. They’d definitely resurface when they were done hiding.
“Splash!” When everybody else was staring at the surface of the lake and waiting, a head suddenly emerged from the lake and it caused a huge splash. It was Dozer!
The other two Black Scorpion Squad members resurfaced soon after Dozer with huge splashes.
“They are back!” The eyes of those present lit up and they appeared happy.
“Captain! We found something!” Dozer took off his goggles and wiped the water off his face.
He laughed and said, “I saw a palace at the bottom of the lake. It looked very stately. I’m sure it’s a treasure trove down there!”
“An underwater palace?” Everyone was suddenly in chaos when they heard Dozer.
It was obvious that it was no ordinary building if it could be called a palace. It might even be a historical site. Additionally, rare treasures could normally be found in historical sites like this.
They wouldn’t have to worry about money for generations to come if they could get their hands on a couple of pieces of the treasure.
“Hahaha, that’s great! There’s an actual treasure trove at the bottom of this lake!”
“Looks like Ms. Jaden was telling the truth. This really is the treasure land!”
“Brothers! What are you waiting for? Take your clothes off and go treasure hunting!”
Everyone around the lake was very excited when it was confirmed that there was treasure under the lake. All of them rubbed their hands together and appeared impatient.
“Dozer! You’ve done a good job! After this is done, Mr. Ridge will reward you handsomely!” Garrett laughed heartily.
The Black Scorpion Squad made a great contribution to the expedition as they were the first to discover the palace at the bottom of the lake.
“Thank you, Mr. Ridge!” Dozer waved while still in the lake.
“No need to thank me! I always keep to my words. You were brave enough to explore the lake first. I’ll naturally reward you with more treasure.” Aidan smiled lightly. Everyone was in high spirits. They had finally found the treasure after such a long and arduous journey!
“Listen up, Black Scorpion Squad! Get into the lake now!” Garrett gave an order with a wave of his hand.
“Members of the Embersteel Order, follow me!” With all the commotion happening around him, Jackson didn’t hesitate as he led his team to the lake in a hurry.
He came here with a mission, he mustn’t lose out. Just when everyone was getting excited to search for the treasure in the lake, something happened.
A very large fin suddenly appeared in the middle of the lake. It was nine feet tall and it looked just like a small ship.
The fin was moving very fast toward Dozer and his teammates. It moved silently without causing any splash.
“Dozer! Get out now!” Garrett quickly noticed that something weird was happening and he immediately warned Dozer. If the fin alone was nine feet tall, it must be a gigantic fish under the surface.
“What’s wrong, captain?” Dozer and his teammates didn’t notice anything unusual behind them. Instead, they appeared confused.
“Behind you! Watch out!” Garrett pointed at the center of the lake with his finger.
“Behind us?” Dozer and his teammates were stunned as they turned around to look behind them together.
Simultaneously, the fin that had been moving rapidly suddenly dove down, as if on cue. It disappeared completely, leaving behind just a tiny ripple.
“Captain, are your eyes playing tricks on you? What’s there behind us?” Dozer looked around with a puzzled expression.
“Stop yapping and get out now!” Garrett frowned as a sense of discomfort spread across his heart.
“Alright, let’s get out!” When they saw Garrett’s serious expression, Dozer and his teammates swam toward the shore without hesitation.
“Thump!” Behind them, a gigantic monster leaped out of the water suddenly, causing tidal waves. It was a black and huge mutant piranha!
The mutant piranha was around three hundred feet long with red eyes, sharp teeth, and a fin that resembled a steel blade.
The mutant piranha reached a height of several yards high as it leaped out.
Then, under the horrified gaze of those present, it swallowed a member of the Black Scorpion Squad in one gulp before diving into the lake and disappearing completely.
###Chapter 1981 by Marina Vittori
Everything occurred in a flash, from the appearance of the mutant piranha to the swallowing of a Black Scorpion Squad member, and then the disappearance of the mutant piranha.
It was so fast that no one could wrap their head around the incident.
The Black Scorpion Squad member that was swallowed disappeared before he could shout for help. All that was left were splashes on the lake’s surface as blood gurgled up rapidly from below.
“W-What?” Dozer and the other member were shocked beyond words. Both of them widened their eyes in terror and looked around with a frightened expression.
What just happened? Where did their team member go? Why was there blood gurgling up from below?
“Why are you two still there? Swim for your life!” Recovering from his shock, Garrett yelled loudly.
“Yes… save ourselves!” Dozer and the other team member suddenly came to their senses. They started flailing their arms and legs around as they swam toward the shore as fast as they could without a second thought.
At this time, everyone who was getting ready to jump into the lake was so stunned that they remained rooted to the ground.
Even though they didn’t see what happened clearly, one thing was for sure. There was danger lurking in the lake.
The black and huge shadow that flashed through earlier, the Black Scorpion Squad member that disappeared, and the gurgling blood were enough to prove that there was a man-eating monster in the lake!
The mutant piranha leaped out again from the lake causing waves as Dozer and the other team member were trying their best to swim to safety.
This time, the mutant piranha was faster as it attacked from behind and it chomped on the head of the remaining Black Scorpion Squad member.
“Ah!” The other Black Scorpion Squad member turned around as he felt that something was off. He only saw a big and bloody mouth looming very rapidly. Then, he was swallowed.
His blood-curdling screams fell silent as he was dragged down into the lake. Other than the blood gurgling upward, there was nothing left of the person.
“Fuck!” Dozer was horrified. His arms and legs started moving faster like a motor. He didn’t stop swimming as he was trying his best to get to the shore. On land, he still had a fighting chance even if there was a monster.
However, in the water, his arms and legs were tied. He wasn’t able to do much, especially when confronted with this man-eating mutant piranha. He wouldn’t stand a chance against it.
“Fuck! How dare you eat my men! I’ll kill you!” Standing by the shore, Garrett was pissed as he took out an automatic rifle and aimed it behind Dozer.
If the mutant piranha showed itself again, he’d make sure the mutant piranha would be riddled with bullets.
“Thump!” After a short while, water started splashing around as the mutant piranha resurfaced from the depths of the lake. It was going after Dozer with an open mouth.
“Go to hell!” Garrett opened fire with gritted teeth. The shooting continued for a while as bullets poured out like torrential rain, with the majority hitting the mutant piranha.
However, what Garrett didn’t expect was that the bullets didn’t pierce through the scales. Instead, they seemed to have struck against iron armor, producing a crisp sound of metal collision.
At the same time, sparks scattered in all directions. His attack was futile.
“What?” Garrett was stunned to see that. He really hadn’t expected the scales of the mutant piranha to be this strong. He couldn’t even puncture it with bullets. It was too scary!
“Captain! Save me!” Dozer shouted for help reluctantly. The mutant piranha showed no mercy as it opened its bloody mouth and went after Dozer violently.
“You freak! Get away from me!” Dozer shouted angrily as he wielded the knife from his waist and stabbed straight at the mutant piranha’s head with all his might.
There was a loud and sharp noise as the blade collided with the scales of the mutant piranha. Sparks flew but the mutant piranha was unharmed.
The mutant piranha, taking advantage of the momentum from his lunge, swallowed Dozer in one swift movement.
Dozer was a tall and burly man. He was bigger than the average person. The mutant piranha didn’t swallow him all at once, instead, Dozer’s legs were left hanging outside.
Everyone could hear Dozer’s painful screams coming from the gaps between the mutant piranha’s sharp teeth. His screams were awful and everyone could hear his fear.
The mutant piranha lifted its head and finally swallowed Dozer whole with a flip of its head. After swallowing three people, the mutant piranha didn’t leave immediately.
Instead, it silently lingered about ten yards from the shore. It was as if it was waiting for its next prey around the shore. Everyone was shocked beyond words at this point.
The excitement and surprise earlier had completely dissipated and in its place was fear and reluctance. Three skilled martial artists were eaten by a mutant piranha easily.
It was just downright terrifying!
“Ah!” Having lost three of his team members to the mutant piranha, Garrett was enraged and kept firing shots at the lake to vent his anger.
The bullets rained down on the lake and created big splashes. Nevertheless, it was useless.
“Damn! It was a good thing that we didn’t jump right in. If not, we’d be dead now!”
“Right? I thought the lake was quite safe. I had no idea there’d be a monster like that in it.”
“I think that the trio that died were quite unlucky. They were actually eaten alive and there are no remains of them. It makes my skin crawl just thinking about it!”
Everyone started whispering as they looked at the fading bloody trail on the lake. They felt relieved and scared at the same time.
“Look! What’s that?” A man suddenly pointed to the center of the lake and shouted. Everyone turned to look at the direction he was pointing and was stunned to see what was before them. They were terrified.
Fins as huge as ships started appearing one by one from the depths of the lake. Initially, there were only three to five fins.
Soon, there were around thirty to fifty fins. Slowly, the fins multiplied and it became three to five hundred of them. Finally, hundreds and thousands of fins crowded the surface of the lake!
These mutant piranhas seemed to have detected the scent of blood, awakening one by one and were gathering rapidly.
Within a few short minutes, the misty lake was filled with mutant piranhas. The sheer amount of mutant piranhas left those present at a loss for words.
It was already difficult to defeat one mutant piranha. What horrors would befall them if the mutant piranhas amounted to the thousands?
If all of them had gone into the lake earlier, they would already have been eaten by these mutant piranhas.
###Chapter 1982 by Marina Vittori
Garrett was dumbfounded. Staring at the densely packed mutant piranhas, his fury was replaced by sheer horror.
Who would have thought that human- eating monstrous creatures would be hiding in the seemingly calm lake? Had he known earlier, he never would have allowed his team to dive into the waters.
“There’s danger lurking everywhere!” Sophia feigned a sigh.
In fact, she already knew about the mutant piranhas when she saw them tearing apart and devouring two massive mutant wolves the previous night.
She didn’t warn the others of the danger to prioritize her chances of securing valuable treasure. After all, the more casualties there were, the fewer individuals she would have to divide the treasures with.
“Diving in with so many mutant piranhas around is impossible. We’ll wait for the tide to recede at night,” Grace commented, instructing her guards to set up camp nearby.
Given the unusual behavior of the Celestial Eye, there was a strong possibility that the Dracan essence was hidden beneath the lake. Leaving at this point was out of the question for Grace.
“I’m going to catch some shut-eye. Wake me up when it’s time.” Aidan yawned, then leaped onto a branch of a large tree, settling in for a nap.
Although his cultivation level allowed him to make the risky dive, it was unnecessary. While submerged, he would face restrictions, but on land, he could unleash his full strength.
It would be most wise to avoid unnecessary trouble in case they encountered formidable aquatic creatures underwater.
“Sophia, you still haven’t fully recovered from your injuries. Let’s rest over there.” Jackson called out to Sophia, finding a clean patch of grass for them to sit down.
Before Sophia could sit, Jackson gallantly took off his jacket and placed it beneath her, displaying a warm and considerate gesture.
Sophia merely responded with a smile and occasionally stole glances at Dustin. Rather than Jackson, she found herself more intrigued by Dustin.
After all, with her appearance, Sophia attracted attention effortlessly. Men, whether young talents or distinguished figures, would often gaze at her, becoming captivated in the process.
However, Dustin was the exception. Since they met, he hadn’t spared her a single glance. It was as if she didn’t even exist. Though it stung her pride, it also sparked a sense of curiosity within her.
Was Dustin simply not interested in her, or was he indifferent to women altogether? She needed an opportunity to test it out.
“Captain, Rino is dead, and over half of our remaining members are gone. What should we do now?”
The short-haired woman from the Black Scorpion Squad frowned and her expression became particularly solemn.
Since entering the mysterious oasis, the Black Scorpion Squad, initially consisting of over ten members, had steadily dwindled down to just five, including her. Losing so many teammates before securing any treasure was a bitter pill to swallow.
“From now on, we’re laying low and not taking the lead anymore,” Garrett declared with a somber tone.
After experiencing the perils within this mysterious oasis, Garrett had come to a realization. One wrong move could mean the end of their lives.
Instead of seizing treasure, their main goal now was to survive. They would only contemplate treasures once they ensured their survival.
Otherwise, even if they managed to obtain the treasure, they wouldn’t be able to walk out alive.
Time crawled by, and as dusk approached, a rustle echoed from the bushes by the lake.
“Who’s there?” Jackson was the first to notice since he was the nearest to the sound. He swiftly drew his sword, prompting everyone else to heighten their alertness.
“It’s us!” a commanding voice declared. Gradually, two groups emerged from the bushes, one on the left and one on the right.
The group on the left, donned in green, comprised about a dozen people. They appeared imposing as they wielded their swords.
Their leader, a man with a sharply curved nose, had a ponytailed woman by his side. The group was none other than disciples of the Frostwing Sect.
On the right, a larger group of over 20 individuals dressed in yellow, also armed with swords, exuded a more formidable aura. They were unmistakably disciples of the Drakes Dominion Order.
“Bran? Yonah?” Jackson frowned at the sight of the two lead disciples.
He didn’t expect to encounter members of the Drakes Dominion Order and Frostwing Sect here. Their appearance complicated matters as it seemed like they had formed an alliance.
“Jackson, what a surprise, isn’t it?” Bran smirked, crossing his arms with his sword in hand.
“Why are you here?” Jackson asked coldly.
“For the treasure, of course.”
Bran flashed a meaningful smile as he continued, “I heard that countless treasures are hidden beneath this lake, so Yonah and I came to try our luck.”
“Hmph! What a load of crap! What treasure? There’s nothing here,” Jackson denied it outright.
“If there are no treasures, then why are you and your team here?” Bran retorted.
“We’re just tired from traveling. Can’t we rest here?” Jackson snapped back.
“Oh Jackson, your lies are as poor as ever.” Bran shook his head, sneering.
“To be honest, we’ve been keeping a close eye on you all this time. I had someone tailing your every move. I know everything you’ve done on this journey.
“Did you really think you could deceive me? What a joke!”
From the moment they left Dusthaven Village, Bran had dispatched a skilled tracker to shadow Grace’s team, fully aware that they possessed the most detailed information.
By tailing them, they were bound to stumble upon treasure sooner or later. And just as he anticipated, after days of surveillance, the rewards finally came.
“You’re utterly despicable!” Jackson clenched his teeth, nearly unsheathing his sword.
They had risked their lives in search of treasure, only to realize they had unwittingly become pawns in someone else’s game.
###Chapter 1983 by Marina Vittori
“Despicable?” Bran shook his head as he chuckled.
“Jackson, you’re the lead disciple of the Embersteel Order. I’m really disappointed to hear you say something like that.” He was gratified to see Jackson deflated.
“Bran, you know the saying-first come, first served. We’ve staked our claim here. You should go somewhere else.” Sophia asserted.
It would become increasingly disadvantageous for her if more people found out about the treasures beneath the lake. If she couldn’t outcompete them or was beaten to it, then all her efforts would be in vain.
“Oh? It’s Sophia from Harmony Sect. It’s been two years since we last met, and you’ve grown even more beautiful. “Bran grinned.
“Thank you for the compliment, Bran,” Sophia replied with a faint smile.
“Bran, Harmony Sect discovered this place first. Can you let us have it?”
“Sophia, it’s not that I don’t want to, but this is a mission given to us by our sect. I have no choice.”
Bran suddenly changed the subject, ” But of course, if Harmony Sect is willing to befriend Frostwing Sect and bestow you to me, I might consider making concessions.”
Sophia frowned slightly at that but quickly regained her composure.
However, Jackson, who was standing beside her, grew angry and shouted, ” Kingsley! What the hell do you mean by that? Shove that disgusting attitude back up your ass! I swear I’ll cut you into pieces!”
All the sects in Southwest knew that the Embersteel Order and Harmony Sect had formed a marriage alliance and that Sophia was Jackson’s fiancee. Bran’s words were a clear attempt to humiliate them.
“Cut me into pieces? Hahaha…”
Bran sneered as he scrutinized Jackson, mocking, “Jackson, just look at your current state. Do you really think you can win me in a fight?”
“Even if I’m injured, I can still deal with you easily!” Jackson was furious and brandished his sword, ready to attack.
“Wait!” Sophia grabbed Jackson and held him back. She commented calmly, “Jackson, they have strength in numbers. Rushing in like this would put you at a disadvantage.”
It would have been manageable if Jackson was only going against the Frostwing Sect. However, the Drakes Dominion Order was also watching from the sidelines.
Although Jackson was strong, he couldn’t possibly take down the elite disciples of two major sects alone.
“That bastard is getting on my nerves!” Jackson gritted his teeth in indignation.
“Bran, get to the point. Don’t waste your time with them,” Yonah finally spoke up, his expression cold.
He was displeased that Bran couldn’t get his priorities straight. How could he think about flirting when they were so close to the treasures?
“Alright, calm down, Yonah. I’ll go up and negotiate.”
Bran smiled slightly as he walked up to Grace. “Ms. Linsor, since you’re leading this team, we’d like to negotiate a deal with you.”
“Oh? What deal?” Grace was unperturbed.
“We’re all here for treasure hunting, and there’s no need for any unnecessary conflict between us. So, why don’t we cooperate and benefit together?” Bran suggested with a half- smile.
Grace didn’t refuse outright and asked, “What do you have in mind?”
“It’s simple. We have three factions here and can all work together to find the treasures. Once we obtain them, we’ll split them evenly among our three groups.
“No one loses out that way,” Bran proposed with a smile.
In the past, he wouldn’t have entertained such notions. However, considering Grace’s sizable group and the formidable Sandscale on their side, relying solely on force would be impractical.
The best solution was to collaborate.
“Split it evenly among our three groups?” Grace raised an eyebrow.
“So, one share for the Frostwing Sect, one for the Drakes Dominion Order, and another for me?”
“Yes, exactly.” Bran nodded.
“What about the Embersteel Order and Harmony Sect?” Grace asked in return.
“Even if you combined both of their groups, they only make up a few people. What makes them qualified to share the treasures?” Bran sneered in disdain, casting a provocative glance at Jackson.
“What the hell are you saying?”
Jackson glared at him and shouted, ” Who do you think you are? What makes you think you can look down on us?”
“I’m just stating facts,” Bran said with a smirk.
“Look at the group of weaklings around you, what can they do? What makes you think you can compete with us?”
“Go to hell! How dare you claim we are not good enough? Fight me if you have the guts!” Jackson taunted.
“Shame on you. I’m not even interested in bothering with you at all.”
Bran shook his head and then turned to Grace. “Ms. Linsor, what do you think?”
“I find it inappropriate.”
Grace continued calmly, “If we’re going to share, it should be a fair distribution among everyone. How can we favor one side over the other?”
She saw through Bran’s attempt to sow discord and divide their forces under the guise of cooperation. However, those tactics wouldn’t work on her.
“Ms. Linsor, it’s the survival of the fittest. We’re already making a significant concession by offering you a share. We will absolutely not agree to give out another share!” Bran’s expression grew solemn.
In a world where the strongest ruled, both the Embersteel Order and Harmony Sect were not worthy of standing on equal footing with them. Bran refused to accept this outcome.
“If that’s the case, then there’s no need for discussion,” Grace flatly refused.
“What?” Bran frowned.
His expression turned dark as he said, ” Ms. Linsor, you should know that the Frostwing Sect and the Drakes Dominion Order are the top two sects in Southwest.
“If you become our ally, you stand to benefit. But if you choose to be our enemy, only death awaits you! Consider the consequences yourself!”
In the end, Bran issued an open and blatant threat.
###Chapter 1984 by Marina Vittori
“Are you threatening me?” Grace asked calmly.
“You could consider it… a friendly advice.” Bran’s chuckle carried a meaningful tone.
“Ms. Linsor, you’re an intelligent woman. I’m sure you understand the right decision to make in this situation. In the Southwest, numerous factions existed, but only three major sects held supreme authority.
Among them, the Drakes Dominion Order was universally acknowledged as the most powerful, followed by the Frostwing Sect, and then the Embersteel Order.
The Frostwing Sect was already dominating the region with their influence, adding to that their alliance with the Drakes Dominion Order, their combined strength was unstoppable. Who would dare confront them head- on in the entirety of Southwest?
“Sorry, but I’m afraid you’ll have to be disappointed. My stance remains the same. We either share it all or there’s nothing else to talk about.” Grace was unfazed.
“Hmm?”
Bran’s face darkened, and he spoke sternly, “You bitch! I’m being kind here. Don’t be ungrateful!”
“How dare you!” Grace’s chief guard was furious at his words, drawing his sword and facing him aggressively. How dare he disrespect Grace?
As the chief guard made his move, dozens of elite guards behind him followed suit, unsheathing their blades and getting ready to strike.
“Mr. Kingsley, it would be wise to choose your words carefully. My subordinates are capable of anything once provoked.” Grace’s gaze grew cold.
“Ha! Absolutely fabulous!”
Bran gritted his teeth and spoke ominously, “It seems like you haven’t realized the gravity of the situation.
“Do you know what happens to those who offend the Frostwing Sect and the Drakes Dominion Order?”
“Don’t mess with me, and I won’t mess with you. But if you do, you can bet I’ll fight back.” Grace remained unfazed.
“Hmph! You need to be taught a lesson! “Bran was furious and about to lose his temper when Yonah raised his hand to stop him.
“Bran, calm down. Let me handle this.”
Yonah stepped forward, his gaze proud as he stared at Grace. He said calmly,” Ms. Linsor, I’ll be honest. Our elite fighters are on their way to join us. They will probably be arriving soon.
“If you choose to work with us, not only will you be safe, but you’ll also gain a share of the treasures. However, if you insist on being our enemy, then you’ll be digging your own grave!
“You should know your limitations. There’s no need to invite trouble to yourself for the sake of irrelevant parties.”
“You’re the irrelevant party to me. Why would I abandon my friends to cooperate with a group of irrelevant people like you?” Grace countered.
“Did you really think that you would still be able to obtain the treasures without working with us?” Yonah squinted slightly.
“That’ll depend on our ability,” Grace replied calmly.
“So, you’re refusing to cooperate?”
Yonah’s expression grew cold.
He shifted his attention to Aidan, who appeared to be dozing off on a tree branch, and called out, “Mr. Ridge, what’s your take on this?”
Yonah might disregard everyone present, but Aidan is the exception. As a grandmaster and one of the five strongest martial artists in Southwest, Aidan’s strength and prestige placed him at the forefront.
Unless absolutely necessary, even the Drakes Dominion Order would avoid a conflict with him.
“I’m not interested in your past conflicts. My only concern is being the first to choose three items from the treasures. The rest is up to you to sort out.
“It’s none of my business.” Aidan reclined on the tree trunk with his hands behind his head, appearing indifferent.
“That’s good to hear!” Yonah nodded, already forming a plan. He turned back to Grace and said, “Ms. Linsor, did you hear that? Without Aidan’s support, how do you plan to contend with us?”
As long as Aidan didn’t get involved, the elites from the Drakes Dominion Order and the Frostwing Sect were more than enough to deal with the rest of them.
Of course, there might be casualties, but Yonah was ready.
“Even without Mr. Ridge’s intervention, you won’t gain any advantage against us,” Grace said calmly.
“That’s right!” Jackson brandished his sword and took a few steps forward.
He shouted, “With the Embersteel Order and Harmony Sect here, we won’t allow you to act recklessly!”
Several disciples from the Embersteel Order also stepped forward with determination. Although their numbers were small, their presence remained formidable.
Grace’s act of loyalty had earned their respect. For the sake of their interests, she had bravely confronted the Drakes Dominion Order and the Frostwing Sect head-on.
Her courage was truly admirable and something that Sophia could never compare to.
“Yonah, it seems like negotiations are impossible now. Let’s just take them down!”
Bran whispered, “Jackson is already injured and not much of a threat. We will just need to join forces and focus on dealing with that Dustin guy first. The rest of them are not even worth mentioning!”
Yonah licked his lips when he heard Bran, an ominous glint flickering across his eyes.
Since Aidan had made it clear he wouldn’t interfere, the only significant threat left was Dustin, who had defeated him before. But as long as he teamed up with Bran, dealing with Dustin shouldn’t be a problem.
At that moment, the sky gradually darkened. The tension between the two sides reached its peak, and a fight seemed inevitable.
Yonah’s expression was grim as he slowly unsheathed his sword. Just as he was about to give the order to attack, something unexpected occurred.
Water splashes suddenly began emerging from the depths of the lake. They emitted loud gurgles as they surged continuously. Right at the center, ripples spread rapidly in all directions, gradually converging into waves.
Then, a loud buzz rang out, followed by a dazzling white light that shot up from the depths of the lake, piercing through the sky.
That white light shone brilliantly, like a pillar connecting heaven and earth, illuminating the entire lake and making it as bright as daylight.
After the appearance of the white light, the area where the water splashes surged eventually formed a huge vortex that expanded continuously.
The vortex spun faster and grew larger, drawing a large amount of lake water into it.
Under everyone’s astonished gazes, the water in the lake began to recede at a visible speed. In just a few minutes, it had retracted over a range of more than 30 feet.
“Look! The water is receding! The treasures beneath the lake are about to be revealed!” Sophia pointed to the center of the lake in delight.
###Chapter 1985 by Marina Vittori
Everyone was shocked by the scene unfolding before their eyes. The pillar of light shooting into the sky, the enormous vortex at the center of the lake, and the receding water-all signs pointed to a major change.
The tension between the two factions was forgotten as their attention shifted toward the extraordinary phenomenon in the lake, silently hoping for the revelation of treasures.
The central vortex in the lake spun faster, expanding its reach as the receding water vanished into the vortex. In just half an hour, the lake had dried up significantly.
Finally, a palace-like structure hidden beneath the lakebed unveiled itself. The grand building was cloaked in an eerie black hue and covered in moss.
Standing in quiet majesty, it resembled a dormant ancient colossal beast, emitting an overwhelming sense of oppression.
“There really is treasure here! This is fantastic!” The sight of the palace excited everyone. Judging by its size, the previous owner must have been incredibly wealthy, possibly even a royal family member from ancient times.
Such a distinguished figure would likely boast an extensive collection of treasures, enough to establish dominance over others.
Right then, the resonance of Dustin’s Celestial Eye intensified, signifying the presence of invaluable treasures concealed within the palace.
After another half an hour, the entire lake had completely dried up, exposing a dark lakebed. At the heart of the lakebed was a massive hole with a raging underground river underneath it.
Clearly, the lake’s waters, along with its monstrous inhabitants, had been drawn into the underground river. The entire lake now resembled an enormous sinkhole, with the black palace standing proudly in the center.
Other than the black palace, the lakebed was also filled with a multitude of animal skeletons in all shapes and sizes. Intricately arranged, they presented a creepy sight.
In the wake of the pillar of light’s emergence, various factions were drawn towards the lake from different directions. All of them were groups who were in search of treasure.
The pillar of light was so conspicuous that anyone who entered the oasis would be alerted of its presence. Some groups who were in close proximity had already arrived at the scene, while others who were farther away were en route.
Even though nobody knew what had caused the phenomenon, its sudden appearance naturally piqued their curiosity.
In less than an hour, several forces had already converged around the lake. Among them were exploration teams, martial arts sects, governmental authorities, and even foreign entities. It was truly a diverse mix of groups.
“Damn it! So many people showed up? This is going to be a problem!” Bran surveyed the surroundings, his wariness increasing.
Their initial strategy was to convince Grace to join them in exploring the lake.
Once the treasures were found, they planned to seize the opportunity to eliminate her group and claim the treasures for themselves.
However, with such intense competition, monopolizing the treasures seemed impossible now.
“Adarna, Shadow Isle, Mistral Valley, Elysian Sect… Almost all major forces from Southwest and Northwest are here!” Jackson frowned, his expression growing serious.
The Drakes Dominion Order and Frostwing Sect were hard enough to deal with, and now the arrival of significant forces from both Southwest and Northwest made it even more challenging.
It seemed like they would have to fight their way through to secure treasure.
“Ms. Linsor, it’s too late for regrets now. We’ll let fate decide our course from here on out!” Yonah declared darkly.
###Chapter 1986 by Marina Vittori
The sudden emergence of numerous forces disrupted Yonah’s plans completely.
“It’s getting more lively.” Aidan raised an eyebrow and finally leaped down from the tree. It seemed like he couldn’t stay aloof any longer.
“Jackson, it’s getting chaotic here. Let’s hold back for now and let them battle it out.
“We’ll capitalize on the situation once they engage in their deadly struggles,” Sophia whispered as she huddled next to Jackson.
Given her current predicament, a direct confrontation with these forces would lead her nowhere. Unwilling to give up, she could only hope for the right opportunity to gain some of the treasures.
“I understand. Stand behind me later. I’ll make sure to protect you!” Jackson promised.
The combined forces of the Embersteel Order and Harmony Sect were merely a few people, making them relatively weak. Engaging the stronger forces head-on was clearly unwise at the moment.
“Brothers! There’s treasure here! Let’s go grab it!” Suddenly, someone shouted, breaking the tense standoff.
Two forces simultaneously sprang into action, leaping into the lakebed and charging towards the palace from both sides.
It was clear that they aimed to seize the opportunity and be the first to claim the treasure.
With more individuals than treasures available, being slow meant leaving empty-handed. Naturally, those lacking patience found it hard to stand back.
“Damn it! We can’t let them get ahead. Charge forward!” With the first two forces taking the lead, the entire situation plunged into chaos.
Successive waves of forces surged forward, making a beeline for the palace entrance.
No one knew the extent of the treasure within, so everyone was determined to grab whatever they could. Staying idle meant risking getting nothing in the end.
“Yonah! What’s the plan? If those guys make off with a substantial amount of treasure, all our previous efforts will be for nothing!” Bran clenched his fists, his impatience palpable. While hoping for an effortless reward, the current circumstances appeared dire.
With hundreds, or even thousands, of people rushing into the palace, if they all seized the treasures and fled, what would they do?
“Fuck! We’re not waiting any longer! Seize the treasures!” After a brief moment of hesitation, Yonah could no longer resist and led the disciples of the Drakes Dominion Order forward.
“Frostwing Sect, follow me!” Bran closely trailed behind, afraid of falling behind.
“Ms. Linsor, it’s time we make a move as well. Otherwise, it’ll be too late,” Garrett urged, anxious about Grace’s inaction.
If all the treasures were taken, their efforts would have been in vain.
“There’s no rush. We’ll let them fight among themselves first,” Grace responded calmly, unperturbed.
It was crucial to remain calm. The more anxious they were, the more likely things would go wrong.
“Ms. Linsor, I understand that you’re trying to take advantage of what’s happening, but it’s too chaotic. If we don’t act soon, we might just end up with nothing.” Garett urged.
“Be patient. I know what I’m doing.” Grace remained unfazed.
Garett grew anxious at her reaction, but there was nothing he could do. The Black Scorpion Squad had only five members left.
Without the protection of Grace’s large army, they wouldn’t be able to grab anything if they rushed into the fray recklessly. They would be placing themselves at a huge disadvantage instead.
“Quick! Stop them! Don’t let them enter the palace!”
“Damn it! I’ll kill you for blocking my path to riches!”
“Brothers! To arms!”
As various forces converged upon the palace, clashes erupted, with each faction unwavering in their resolve.
Battle cries and wretched screams filled the air. For a moment, the ground was littered with bodies, and blood flowed like a river.
###Chapter 1987 by Marina Vittori
Before any faction could enter the palace, a massive battle had already erupted. Each group was determined not to yield to others, with everyone vying for the first entry.
The logic was simple-the first one inside would naturally secure the most treasures.
At that moment, over a dozen forces were clashing violently, creating a scene of intense carnage.
In the face of tremendous wealth, the struggle for dominance reached a point where even strangers, let alone brothers, could turn on each other.
“The Drakes Dominion Order has business here. Retreat immediately!” Yonah led his group as they charged forward, announcing their identity.
It was an attempt to intimidate the competitors with their sect’s prestige.
“”To hell with the Drakes Dominion Order! We of Shadow Isle aren’t afraid of you!”
“Hmph! The Drakes Dominion Order may be formidable, but we from the Elysian Sect are no weaklings either! Whoever dares block our path to wealth will meet their end!”
“Damn it! Who the hell ambushed me? Brothers, let’s take them down!”
Using the name of the Drakes Dominion Order didn’t cause much of a stir, given that the forces that managed to make their way here naturally had respectable backgrounds.
Although the Drakes Dominion Order was considered king in Southwest, they weren’t the sole dominant force. Not to mention, martial sects from Northwest and foreign factions were also in attendance.
In the event of a full-blown conflict, everyone had a fair chance.
“Bran! Let’s join forces and forge a path through the chaos. We’ll seize the opportunity to enter the palace first!” Yonah glanced over at Bran.
“Alright!” Bran nodded resolutely.
“Charge!”
Upon receiving the signal, Yonah, without a second thought, brandished his sword and charged toward the entrance of the palace.
Bran, along with disciples from the Frostwing Sect, provided cover on the side.
“Quick! Stop them! Don’t let them enter first!”
Witnessing the aggressive advance of the Drakes Dominion Order and the Frostwing Sect, other factions quickly joined the fray, anxious about being left behind.
“Those who stand in my way will die!” Yonah roared, leading the disciples of the Drakes Dominion Order and the Frostwing Sect into a fierce battle with the surrounding forces.
The scene grew even more chaotic as martial artists fell one after another into the bloody pool.
“Oh my God… I can’t believe they’re fighting so desperately. They’re completely disregarding their lives.” Outside the lakebed, Jackson watched the intense battle ahead in silent astonishment.
Fortunately, he hadn’t rushed forward. Otherwise, if he got trapped in the chaos, there would be no way out but death.
These people were absolutely nuts!
“In the pursuit of material gain, they chose to sacrifice their lives. At this point, there’s no turning back for them. “Sophia narrowed her eyes in contemplation, teetering on edge.
The more intense and chaotic the scene grew, the more advantageous it would be for her. Only when these forces engaged in a mutually destructive struggle would she be able to seize an opportunity.
However, remaining on the sidelines carried its own set of risks-if someone else claimed the treasures first, she could end up with nothing.
In the end, it all came down to patience and luck. As long as she held her ground and managed to catch a fortunate break, she could potentially turn out to be the ultimate victor.
“Kid, why aren’t you making a move yet? If you keep on waiting, the treasures inside will all be taken,” Aidan suddenly said.
Instead of answering, Grace countered, “How about you, Mr. Ridge? Why aren’t you making a move?”
“I’m a grandmaster after all. How would I look if I competed with these juniors?” Aidan smiled lightly.
“While I understand that you’re upholding your reputation, I have a different perspective.” Grace smiled.
“Oh? Have you noticed something?” Aidan raised an eyebrow.
“To be honest, I think there’s something unusual about this palace. Charging in without caution could potentially jeopardize our lives,” Grace said candidly.
In her eyes, the grand and antique palace seemed more like a royal tomb. The fact that the tomb remained intact for many years while submerged underwater hinted at a cleverly crafted design.
Such tombs were often equipped with traps and various anti-theft mechanisms. Entering without a clear understanding of the situation would not only be dangerous but potentially lethal.
“Surprisingly, you’re pretty insightful. “Aidan nodded approvingly.
“You’re right. These external threats are nothing compared to the hidden dangers within the palace. Even I wouldn’t dare claim to move freely inside.”
As a grandmaster, his perception far exceeded that of ordinary martial artists. If he could sense a threat, it was undoubtedly significant.
“Mr. Ridge, you have a discerning eye, and I admire that.” Grace nodded with a smile.
“You’re not simple either, kid.” Aidan shot a meaningful look at the person beside him. Despite being young, she demonstrated an uncommon calmness and keen insight, qualities that were truly rare.
Inexplicably, he found himself contemplating the idea of taking her as a disciple. As their conversation unfolded, a loud, resonant howl suddenly reverberated through the surroundings. The howl echoed like rolling thunder, both deafening and enduring.
For a moment, a momentary pause fell upon the battlefield. All eyes turned toward the origin of the noise, where they found a massive silver wolf king emerge proudly from the forest.
Cloaked in a mantle of silver-white fur, the wolf king possessed emerald-green beast eyes, exuding a commanding presence.
Its silver coat shimmered brilliantly under the moonlight, presenting a mesmerizing sight to behold.
Behind the silver wolf king were approximately a dozen giant gray wolves, each comparable in size to lions and boasting sharp claws and teeth.
The silver wolf king itself towered two sizes larger, standing shoulder to shoulder with an average man. It was the very source of the fearsome howl earlier, brimming with an air of intimidation.
“This is bad! It’s a wolf pack!” someone exclaimed.
If it had been an ordinary wolf pack, as martial artists, they wouldn’t have been afraid. However, the creatures within the oasis were mutated beasts and exceptionally ferocious.
Dealing with one was challenging enough, and now with a pack suddenly appearing, uneasiness washed over everyone.
Right then, another earth-shaking roar echoed through the surroundings.
From a different direction, a crimson- hued, imposing Onyxclaw emerged slowly. The tiger-like creature was exceptionally massive, comparable to the size of an elephant.
Even while just standing there without making any threatening movements, it exuded an oppressive air.
Its bell-like eyes especially felt like an icy abyss, sending shivers down the spines of whoever locked onto them.
The majestic authority emanating from this king of all beasts left the crowd trembling in fear.
###Chapter 1988 by Marina Vittori
“Damn it! Where did these creatures come from? They’re absolutely horrifying!”
“We’re surrounded by beasts! We’re in big trouble!”
“Stop fighting! We must deal with these creatures first!”
The sudden turn of events sent a shiver down everyone’s spine.
The appearance of the mutated wolf pack had already posed a challenge, and now an Onyxclaw emerged. The situation would leave anyone unsettled.
If they continued to fight amongst themselves, their outcome would be dire.
In silent agreement, all factions ceased their fighting and united to confront the impending onslaught of the beasts.
“Darkness has fallen, and this place has turned into a haven for monsters.” Grace’s eyes narrowed with a grave expression.
The current situation had slipped beyond everyone’s control.
Initially, it was a clash between different factions, and now the beasts had entered the scene. With so many looming uncertainties, no one knew what could happen next.
“Howl-!”
At that moment, the silver wolf king let out a long howl.
The giant gray wolves, as if receiving a command, leaped forcefully from the ground, hurtling toward the crowd at incredible speed. In their eyes, these humans were the perfect prey.
Unable to resist any longer, the crimson -hued Onyxclaw made its move as well. With a low roar, it dashed forward like a flash of lightning, pouncing on the nearest person.
“Slaughter these beasts!”
With the Onyxclaw and wolves initiating their onslaught, the martial artists couldn’t be outdone. They raised their weapons and charged forward, confronting the creatures.
These creatures were valuable resources themselves, and killing them could potentially yield substantial gains. In a swift charge, the two sides collided in a fierce and intense fight.
The wolf pack, led by the silver wolf king, was particularly ferocious, violently tearing into the crowd as soon as they entered.
In a matter of moments, over a dozen martial artists lay fallen in pools of blood.
Fortunately, the martial artists had greater numbers, and the presence of divine-level martial artists among them helped stabilize the situation.
While the humans suffered casualties, the wolves fell one by one. However, the crimson-hued Onyxclaw seemed unstoppable.
Immensely strong and invulnerable, conventional weapons barely scratched its fur and only served to intensify its ferocity.
Ordinary low-level martial artists found themselves utterly defenseless against the Onyxclaw, waiting to be slaughtered.
Even divine-level martial artists could only focus on self-preservation, unable to inflict any harm on the Onyxclaw.
“Damn it! This giant Onyxclaw is too powerful! We can’t even harm it!”
The Onyxclaw rampaged through the crowd, leaving chaos in its wake. Within a mere two minutes, it had already torn apart over a dozen people. For a moment, the martial artists were too scared to approach.
“We’re obviously no match for it if we attack it separately. If you ask me, we should attack together and just hack him to death!”
“Fellow martial artists, let’s stop thinking about monopolizing the treasurers. The quicker we deal with these monsters, the sooner the treasures will be ours.
“Let’s not drag this night out any longer lest it bring more trouble!”
“That’s right! Let’s kill it swiftly!”
After a round of rallying, various forces temporarily formed an alliance. All the divine-level martial artists joined forces, launching a collective assault on the Onyxclaw.
Though the Onyxclaw was formidable, it couldn’t withstand the collective attacks, especially when all of them were divine-level martial artists.
After being besieged, the Onyxclaw sustained several wounds. However, compared to its massive body, these random wounds posed no immediate threat.
While everyone was engaged in battle with the Onyxclaw and wolves, a massive monstrous bird silently descended from the sky.
The monstrous bird was entirely black, with feathers as sharp as knives and talons like steel. Under the moonlight, it emitted a chilling gleam.
Dustin sensed something and looked up abruptly. There, he saw the gigantic monstrous bird that soared right across his head, resembling a small airplane. It glided into the crowd with lightning speed.
Dustin recognized the monstrous bird. It was the apex predator that had captured the yellow python the previous night.
The bird’s dive exceeded the speed of sound, reaching the heart of the battlefield in the blink of an eye.
With its sharp, hooked talons, the monstrous bird effortlessly pierced the chests of two martial artists and lifted them off the ground.
With a flap of its wings, it soared into the air once more, reminiscent of a dragonfly skimming the water.
The entire sequence unfolded so rapidly that the surrounding people couldn’t react in time. A mere shadow passed, and their comrades had vanished.
As the monstrous bird beat its wings, it generated a hurricane, causing the people to stagger and struggle to maintain their balance.
“Another creature!” Grace’s eyes widened. She could easily tell that the strength of the gigantic monstrous bird was comparable to that of a grandmaster.
“Grace, we can’t afford to wait any longer. We must seize an opportunity to enter the palace and explore.
“If we continue like this, the number of monstrous creatures will only grow,” Dustin, who had been silently observing, finally spoke.
The dangerous creatures within the oasis remained unknown. While Dustin was able to deal with the current creatures, the uncertainty of encountering stronger ones loomed.
After all, the creatures here defied common sense. Grace glanced at the gigantic monstrous bird hovering in the sky and ultimately nodded.
Night had fallen, and the disturbance would surely attract a multitude of monsters. If they waited any longer, it would only complicate the situation.
“To the palace!” Grace commanded, leading her guards straight toward the palace gates.
“Jackson, quick!” Sophia urged eagerly, pulling Jackson along as they followed closely.
“They’ve finally made a move. I’ll let them test the waters.” Aidan smirked, leisurely trailing behind.
“Damn it! Trying to avoid the hard work? Stop them!”
The entrance of Grace’s team heightened the alertness of the surrounding forces. Some even abandoned their fights with the beasts and turned to attack Grace’s team instead.
###Chapter 1989 by Marina Vittori
“Form up!”
Upon seeing the various forces closing in, Grace issued a swift command. Her nearly hundred-strong guard team immediately shifted their formation, arranging themselves into a charging wedge.
Unlike the ordinary martial artists of the martial world, Grace’s guards were well-trained and had seamless coordination.
While they might not be a match for the martial artists in one-on-one combat, they could unleash extraordinary combat strength on the battlefield.
Especially in their formation, they were an unstoppable force.
As the martial artists advanced, they were violently pushed back by the large formation, unable to withstand the impact.
Grace’s entire team resembled a gigantic wedge, slicing through the crowd and rapidly approaching the palace gates. Under normal circumstances, Grace’s group wouldn’t have advanced so smoothly.
Fortunately, most of the factions were engaged in fierce battles with the beasts, diverting their attention away from Grace’s team. As a result, their advance was unstoppable.
“This is great! Following them was the right decision!” Sophia, who hid behind the charging formation, observed the nearing palace gate with growing joy.
She had anticipated fierce resistance, but the situation turned out surprisingly smooth. The chaos had played to her advantage.
“Break the door!” As they closed in on the palace gate, Grace issued another command. Several divine-level martial artists stepped forward, channeling their internal energy. Simultaneously, they struck the palace gates with force.
A loud bang echoed, and the palace gate quivered, shedding layers of dirt and revealing its original bronze hue. It exuded an ancient and mysterious aura.
“What?” The divine-level martial artists exchanged bewildered glances as they stared at the seemingly immovable bronze gate.
They had strong internal energy with force equivalent to ten thousand pounds.
However, despite their collective strength concentrated in a single palm strike, the gate remained resolute. Just how sturdy was this gate?
“Again!” Grace’s determination remained unshaken. The divine-level martial artists took a deep breath, channeling the internal energy from their entire being, before striking the bronze gate simultaneously with their palms.
Another loud bang echoed, causing the bronze gate to shake more violently with more layers of dirt falling off.
However, after the shaking, the bronze gate stood firm, showing no signs of yielding.
Meanwhile, other martial artists had noticed the scene, particularly Yonah and Bran. Their expressions hardened as they realized Grace’s group was attempting to breach the door.
Abandoning their ongoing battles, they and the disciples of their sects swiftly moved toward Grace’s group.
They would never allow anyone to seize the treasures before they did.
“What a useless bunch! Allow me!” Aidan, who had been standing at the back, grew anxious to see Grace’s men fail to break the door.
He took large strides forward, gathered his strength, and then threw a powerful punch at the bronze gate.
The earth shook as a loud explosion echoed.
The bronze gate began vibrating violently. Cracks started to form from the point of impact, spreading rapidly and soon covering the entire gate.
However, the bronze gate didn’t shatter.
“It’s pretty tough!” Aidan raised an eyebrow, delivering another punch, putting more force this time.
Another resounding explosion echoed, and the robust bronze gate finally cracked, revealing a dim entrance.
“It’s breached! It’s finally breached!”
“Aidan is truly formidable!”
A wave of joy swept through the crowd.
The bronze gate was exceptionally robust, and it wouldn’t have been breached without the strength of a grandmaster.
“Let’s explore the place!” Grace signaled, and a few people in front immediately ignited torches before cautiously entering the palace.
The palace turned out to be a royal tomb. No one knew what traps might be hidden inside. If they accidentally triggered any of them, it could possibly lead to fatal results.
Suddenly, a gust of wind blew out from the depths of the palace. It stirred up dust and smoke, extinguishing the torches held by those at the forefront.
Simultaneously, a pungent stench, reminiscent of decaying fish and shrimp, filled the air.
“It’s foul here! What the hell is this smell? It’s so disgusting!” The sudden putrid stench prompted everyone to reflexively shield their mouths and noses.
At that moment, Dustin frowned, sensing imminent danger. He shouted, “This is bad! It’s not safe! Retreat!”
Soon after, two red “lanterns” materialized in a dim section at the palace’s end. The lanterns hovered eerily in midair, emitting a strange glow. A single glance sent shivers down everyone’s spine, instilling a sense of chilling dread.
After its appearance, it swiftly advanced toward the group, accompanied by the sound of metal scraping against the ground.
“Fall back! Retreat immediately!” Upon seeing the red lanterns, Grace’s expression shifted dramatically, issuing a swift order to retreat.
Despite the uncertainty, her well- trained guards followed her command implicitly.
However, before they could make a complete retreat, the two floating red ” lanterns” swiftly reached the palace entrance.
A massive shadow swept by, and several guards who couldn’t escape in time were swallowed by the shadow, disappearing without a trace.
It was only when the shadow came to a halt that everyone saw its true form-a giant black python, measuring about 70 to 100 feet long.
The python had a single horn on its head, boasted a body thicker than a water tank, and sported jet-black, armor-like scales. Beneath its abdomen, two razor-sharp black claws extended.
The red lanterns everyone thought they had seen were, in reality, the eyes of this monstrous black python.
With claws, a horn, and lantern-like eyes, it transcended the mere categorization of a python, resembling more of a legendary black serpent!
###Chapter 1990 by Marina Vittori
“W-What is this monster? It’s gigantic! “Eyes widened in disbelief as everyone took in the size of the monstrous creature that resembled both a serpent and a python.
Nobody expected to find such a monstrous beast within the palace.
With its enormous body, blood-red eyes, gaping, blood-filled mouth, and imposing presence, a single glance sent shivers down their spines, inducing fear.
It didn’t matter if they were a low-level martial artist, a divine-level martial artist, or a grandmaster like Aidan, they felt like they had come face to face with a formidable enemy.
Even the mutant wolves and Onyxclaw, previously engaged in frenzied combat with humans, halted their aggression.
They trembled uncontrollably, intimidated by the serpent’s aura. It was a suppression rooted in bloodlines and a fear ingrained in biological instincts.
The black serpent let out a thunderous roar, and a row of bone spikes suddenly shot up behind its head.
In an instant, a violent gust of wind swept through, tossing sand and stones into the air. An overwhelming dominance radiated from its massive body.
Several dozen massive wolves nearby howled in agony and collapsed to the ground, with urine and feces flowing freely.
Even the silver wolf king, with its tail tucked between its legs, shivered and howled incessantly.
As for the Onyxclaw that was drenched in crimson from head to toe, it turned around as if it had faced its ultimate enemy and bolted away, disappearing without a trace.
The majestic king of beasts had been scared into a hasty retreat. While the humans were not as perceptive as the monstrous beasts, they were still greatly shaken and filled with panic. The serpent’s presence was just too overwhelming.
Its massive body stretched out horizontally, resembling a speeding train.
“Damn it! This monster looks seriously tough. What do we do now?”
“What can we do? The monster is guarding the entrance to the palace. If we want to get in and grab the treasures, we’ll have to take it down!”
“Alright, brave souls! Let’s take it on together. Anyone who hesitates is a damn coward!”
Although the black serpent appeared fearsome, the group swiftly rallied their determination, fueled by personal self-interest. Cracking their knuckles, they readied for the confrontation.
However, despite their aggressive stances, no one dared make the first move. After all, the extent of the serpent’s strength remained unknown.
The only certainty they had was that this black serpent was more formidable than the Onxyclaw they had faced earlier
“Mr. Ridge, you’re a martial arts grandmaster and the strongest amongst us. Why don’t you make the first move and show us how it’s done?” suggested a man in gray clothes.
Ordinary martial artists rushing forward would be akin to courting death. They needed someone as powerful as Aidan to take the lead.
“What? Are you ordering me?” Aidan squinted, his expression unfriendly.
“I wouldn’t dare, Mr. Ridge.” The man in gray smiled apologetically.
“I just think that it would be safer if you led the charge. Once you succeed, you can freely select treasures as the primary contributor. We just ask for a little share.”
“Hmph! You’re quite the smooth talker. With just a few words, you expect me to risk my life at the forefront. What a crafty plan!” Aidan’s expression darkened.
He disliked being ordered around and certainly detested the notion of being treated like a pawn.
The man’s ulterior motives intensified Aidan’s displeasure, particularly the idea of having him risk his life by taking the lead.
“Mr. Ridge, you’ve misunderstood. I just…” Before he could finish his sentence, the black serpent, guarding the palace entrance, seemed to lose patience and roared once more.
With a sudden motion, it whipped its long tail to the side.
A black shadow flashed by and two unsuspecting martial artists who couldn’t dodge in time were struck by the black serpent’s tail.
This was followed by two explosive bangs.
Their bodies had exploded like overinflated balloons, turning into flesh and blood and splattering in all directions.
“What?” The groups stood in stunned silence as they witnessed the unbelievable scene.
The two martial artists who exploded had been prominent figures in the martial world. Yet, with just a sweep of its tail, the black serpent effortlessly annihilated them.
It was absolutely shocking!
Some martial artists who were eager to make a move felt a chill. Were they truly a match for the serpent?
Before they could react, the serpent swung its tail once more. Like a gigantic whip, it mercilessly struck down three martial artists on the right.
Three thunderous explosions echoed, and the three martial artists disintegrated into pieces, leaving nothing behind. Blood and flesh splattered like rain on more than a dozen people nearby.
“This is our chance! Attack!” Taking advantage of the black serpent’s distraction, a group of disciples from the Elysian Sect immediately seized the opportunity and charged forward.
All sorts of weapons, concealed tools, and poisons were hurled at the serpent without reservation.
“Let’s see how you survive this!”
The Elysian Sect disciples secretly celebrated. If their sneak attack succeeded, the formidable weapons at their disposal would surely leave the black serpent in a miserable state.
A symphony of clinks and clangs echoed as the Elysian Sect struck the serpent’s scales. However, instead of inflicting serious harm, it merely created tiny sparks and didn’t even leave a mark.
Those scales were tougher than the finest armor, impervious to any damage.
“What?” The disciples of the Elysian Sect were dumbfounded at what they were seeing, wearing expressions of disbelief.
“This is not good, run!” The lead disciple shuddered as an icy chill ran down his entire body.
Looking up, he met the blood-chilling eyes of the black serpent and his pupils contracted. Without much time to think, he swiftly turned around and bolted.
The black serpent opened its mouth wide, breathing out a torrent of black flames that engulfed the disciples of the Elysian Sect.
The malevolent and overpowering black flames left destruction in their wake, obliterating everything in their path.
The air echoed with agonizing screams as the martial artists collapsed to the ground. In a matter of moments, they were reduced to ashes, leaving no trace of bones or remnants behind.
###Chapter 1991 by Marina Vittori
With just a breath of fire, the black serpent killed over ten disciples from the Elysian Sect, leaving nothing in its wake.
“W-What!” Shock and terror gripped those who watched. Each face mirrored the horror of seeing a ghost.
The Elysian Sect’s disciples, renowned for their strength, couldn’t measure up to top-tier factions like the Drakes Dominion Order. Yet, the Elysian Sect held a solid reputation in the martial world.
Despite their combined efforts and diverse techniques, the Elysian Sect’s disciples couldn’t even scratch the black serpent. Unfortunately, a single breath of the black serpent’s flames incinerated them entirely.
The terrifying sight made everyone wonder if other factions could defeat the creature.
“What on earth is this? What creature breathes fire like that?”
“That flame is so unsettling! A single breath and it turns people to ashes. It’s terrifying!”
As the group gazed at the ground covered in black ash, panic swept through them.
The terror of facing the fiery wrath of the black serpent drove them to retreat, distancing themselves from the imminent danger.
In past monster encounters, they usually dealt with threats through physical combat. However, the black serpent had a unique ability to spew flames, catching everyone off guard with its overwhelming power. This unforeseen strength exceeded their initial expectations, prompting a unanimous decision to retreat.
Despite the allure of the tempting treasure, the black serpent stood in their way, leaving them with no viable choice. It became evident that continuing forward would only result in losing their lives.
“Let’s pull back for now,” someone suggested.
Upon witnessing the downfall of the Elysian Sect’s disciples, the other factions quickly retreated. They were unwilling to confront the black serpent.
“Hmph! Useless fools! Looks like I’ll have to handle this personally.” Aidan snorted at the terrified groups and decided to take matters into his own hands.
Although his initial plan was to capitalize on the situation without getting involved, it turned out that the disciples from the major sects lacked combat skills. As a result, he had no choice but to step in.
“Prepare to face your opponent, you abomination!” he shouted.
Instantly, his powerful aura erupted, causing the wind to roar and sending sand and stones scattered in all directions.
Aidan’s invisible pressure stopped the retreating factions, compelling them to redirect their attention.
“It’s Sandscale! He’s about to make a move!”
“Great! With Mr. Ridge here, that black serpent won’t stand a chance!”
“Let’s watch and wait. We can search for the treasure once Mr. Ridge deals with that monster.”
Aidan’s appearance boosted everyone’s morale.
Although the crowd comprised elites, most hovered between low and high level martial artists. Only a handful had achieved the halfway to becoming grandmaster level.
Yet, the gap between those at that level and the grandmaster martial artists remained significant. Those below the grandmaster level appeared inconsequential, and the challenges they encountered hardly registered with the powerful grandmaster martial artists.
Witnessing Aidan in action renewed their optimism. They thought that if Aidan took care of the black serpent, they might gain some advantages.
Aidan’s burst of powerful aura quickly grabbed the black serpent’s attention. Its maw abruptly opened, and the snake spewed a long black flame that surged toward him like a tidal wave.
“Hmph! This is child’s play!” Не scoffed, showing no fear as he forcefully struck the black serpent with his palm.
A massive white shadow palm, accompanied by a fierce gust of wind, pressed down on the black flame.
Upon contact, there was a loud explosion, and energy burst forth with sparks flying. With that, Aidan’s single palm strike had obliterated the black flame spewed by the black serpent.
“Sandscale lives up to his name, as expected. He’s truly amazing!”
“Is this the power of a grandmaster martial artist? It’s truly astonishing!”
“Mr. Ridge is awe-inspiring!”
Aidan effortlessly blocked the black serpent’s attacks, earning cheers from the crowd. The spectators knew the lethal power of the serpent, making it a formidable opponent that no one dared to confront head-on. Even the slightest touch could result in instant death.
While demonstrating his skill, Aidan faced the black serpent head-on and deflected its attacks. This highlighted the marked difference between an ordinary martial artist and a grandmaster.
The black serpent was provoked and spewed another burst of black flames. This time, the flames were faster, fiercer, and longer. At a glance, the flame appeared like a black fire dragon.
“I don’t have time to mess around with you,” Aidan declared, smoothly sidestepping the flames and closing in.
He had observed the black serpent’s impenetrable defense and realized regular attacks wouldn’t work. To counter, he channeled his internal energy into his weapon for close- quarters combat, aiming to break through the black serpent’s defense.
As Aidan advanced, the black serpent ceased its fiery assault. Its lengthy tail transformed into a black lightning bolt, striking him with a forceful swing.
He roared, “Meet your end!” His dual blades swiftly flipped upside down and descended forcefully upon the black serpent’s tail.
With unrestrained power, he infused his entire body with internal energy. The dual blades in his hands glowed red -hot, showcasing incredible destructive power.
Aidan’s merciless slashes targeted the black serpent’s tail. To his surprise, instead of a clean cut, his precious dual blades snapped apart upon impact with the serpent’s scales.
“What the heck?”
His expression changed as he tried to grasp the situation. Without a chance to respond, the black serpent’s lengthy tail struck his chest.
Aidan was sent soaring like a sandbag, covering several dozen feet before crashing heavily to the ground, blood spilling from his mouth.
A momentary hush enveloped the scene, leaving everyone momentarily speechless.
###Chapter 1992 by Marina Vittori
Aidan sprawled on the ground. He was coughing violently and spitting out blood.
His face, pale and shocked, reflected the agony in his wide eyes. It appeared as if his body was falling apart, leaving him unable to stand.
The immense power of the black serpent caught him off guard. In just one hit, its tail, heavy as a mountain, inflicted severe injuries on him.
Even his precious dual blade could only leave minor scratches on the black serpent’s tough body. Its incredible physical strength and formidable defense surpassed his imagination.
“Whoa, did Mr. Ridge just get thrown like that? Am I imagining things?”
“I don’t get it. Mr. Ridge is a grandmaster martial artist with incredible strength. How did he go down with just one hit from that creature?”
“This is bad! Who else stands a chance if he can’t handle the black serpent?”
Everyone couldn’t hide their disbelief. Their shocked expressions reflected the unexpected turn of events.
Aidan, widely recognized as Sandscale, was a renowned figure and one of the five formidable individuals in the southwest. As a legendary grandmaster martial artist, he was considered the strongest among them.
However, the current events painted a different story. During the face-off, Aidan failed to gain an advantage.
Instead, he suffered severe injuries from the black serpent’s attack, leaving everyone astonished. They questioned their chances against the black serpent, given Aidan’s inability to defeat it.
“Oh no, what should we do?”
“I say we make a dash and save ourselves!”
After a moment of confusion, the crowd swiftly snapped out of it and promptly fled. Even the grandmaster martial artist had been defeated, and escaping seemed their only option.
“Ah, this is frustrating! We were just inches away from grabbing that treasure!” Yonah glared at the gigantic black serpent, grumbling his frustration with a reluctant face.
“Yonah, as long as there’s life, there’s hope. We can’t face this monster alone.
“Let’s wait for the skilled elites from our sect, and then we’ll tackle it together.” Bran squinted, his face showing a determined seriousness.
He understood that Aidan’s unexpected defeat could be a blessing in disguise. The silver lining was that Aidan couldn’t claim most of the treasures.
Plus, with the arrival of skilled elites from the Drakes Dominion Order and the Frostwing Sect, the advantage would shift in their favor.
Despite the black serpent’s strength, it was just a creature. While it could take on a grandmaster martial artist, handling two or three opponents seemed doubtful.
Moreover, Drakes Dominion Order and Frostwing Sect had many halfway to becoming grandmaster martial artists, along with numerous mystical formations.
Once these resources were utilized, dealing with the black serpent wouldn’t be an issue.
“Damn, this black serpent is no joke!” Jackson grimaced, wiping sweat off his face. “Ms. Linsor, we have to fall back. If we stay, we might not make it out alive.”
“I agree, Ms. Linsor. Aidan has its attention. Let’s use this chance to get out of here. The consequences could be disastrous if we stay.” Garrett urged, looking worried.
They hadn’t anticipated the black serpent being this strong, stronger even than a grandmaster martial artist. In the face of such strength, they questioned the logic of continuing the fight.
“We’ve come too far to give up now,” Grace stated coldly.
“Ms. Linsor, this isn’t the time for recklessness. Our lives are on the line!” Jackson urged, his anxiety evident.
“He’s right!” Garrett chimed in, echoing the sentiment. “A smart person doesn’t take unnecessary risks. Our lives are in jeopardy if we don’t leave now.”
After seeing Aidan’s defeat, they were terrified and had no plans to face the black serpent.
“Even though the black serpent is strong, it’s not unbeatable,” Grace stated. She turned to Dustin and said, ” Now it’s your moment, Dustin.”
“Okay, I’ve got this. Time to deal with the serpent,” Dustin replied. He drew his Celestial Blade and approached the black serpent carefully.
He had been holding back his true strength all this time, worried it might disrupt Grace’s plan. But now that she had given the sign, he no longer saw a reason to hold back his abilities.
“Dustin, what’s going on in your head?”
Jackson’s expression changed as he exclaimed, “That black serpent is terrifying. Even Mr. Ridge can’t handle it. And you’re going against that thing? It’s like volunteering for a one-way ticket to hell.”
He believed it wasn’t smart for Dustin to approach when everyone else was trying to escape. It seemed like a foolish move.
Dustin turned around with a faint smile. “Don’t worry, Jackson. It’s just a little snake. I don’t consider it a threat.”
“You… are you crazy? Come back immediately!” Jackson’s voice quivered in fear. He could not believe Dustin would say it was just a little snake when it was clearly a giant serpent.
“Hmph! What an ignorant fool, completely lacking self-awareness!” Garrett snorted. His expression conveyed the belief that Dustin was as good as dead.
At that critical moment, Garrett found Dustin’s attempt to steal the spotlight somewhat unwise and almost irrational.
He pondered, “Does Dustin really believe he’s more powerful than Mr. Ridge, a grandmaster martial artist?”
“Hey! It’s me you’re up against!” Dustin shouted confidently at the black serpent, brandishing his sword. His booming voice echoed, drawing the gaze of everyone around.
“Wow, who’s that guy? He’s taking on the black serpent and not escaping. That’s some serious bravery!”
“He seems clueless about the danger. He’s probably a fool. Won’t survive for too long, though.”
“Hey, hats off to you! You’re a real hero!
As Dustin approached the black serpent, the crowds exchanged surprised whispers.
After witnessing Aidan’s fate, they couldn’t understand why anyone would confront the black serpent at such a crucial moment.
The black serpent hissed, its scarlet tongue slithering. With lantern-like eyes, it slowly turned towards Dustin, exuding a cold, ferocious aura tinged with confusion.
It questioned why Dustin, an insignificant being, dared to challenge it.
Without hesitation, the serpent opened its maw wide, spewing scorching black flames that completely engulfed him.
###Chapter 1993 by Marina Vittori
The black serpent spewed forth a torrent of dark flames, resembling a black dragon that swiftly engulfed Dustin. Instantly, the nearby riverbed dried up, leaving behind a charred and desolate path.
His fate seemed grim, and everyone shook their heads, convinced of his impending doom. The deadly flames of the black serpent were evident to all.
Even those at the divine level martial artists would turn to ashes instantly.
Despite this, Dustin faced the flames head-on without flinching. They wondered if he was knowingly walking into his demise.
Garrett sneered and thought, “This kid talks big but can’t back it up. Completely clueless.” He knew Dustin would end up burned to ashes.
“It’s over. Dustin is gone.” Jackson sighed, unable to bring himself to witness the scene anymore.
He admitted that Dustin’s strength was impressive, surpassing even Yonah. The issue, though, was that the black serpent possessed strength comparable to that of a grandmaster martial artist.
Jackson had witnessed Aidan suffer severe injuries from just one blow. Therefore, Jackson concluded that Dustin’s fate looked grim.
Yonah sneered as he watched the figure in the flames. “Hmph! Let’s see how you’re going to survive this.”
His defeat at the hands of Dustin marked the most significant shame in his life. Despite harboring a desire for revenge, Yonah found himself thwarted by Dustin’s formidable strength and a host of allies.
Surprisingly, Yonah no longer had to seek vengeance, as Dustin voluntarily walked into his demise.
“Ha! Finally getting a taste of your own medicine?” Bran chuckled, reveling in Dustin’s misfortune.
He had been nursing a grudge against Dustin for a while, and seeing him burned alive brought Bran great satisfaction.
“This kid… is surprisingly bold for a newbie,” Aidan remarked as he staggered to his feet.
He felt a sense of relief, knowing that Dustin had managed to redirect the black serpent’s attention. Otherwise, Aidan might have ended up engulfed in flames.
The black serpent spewed flames for a few seconds, but when the dust settled, a surprising sight awaited.
Dustin, who had been engulfed in flames, emerged unscathed. His clothes were intact, and he appeared completely unharmed.
“W-What? What’s happening? The bastard isn’t dead?”
“He’s alive, and his clothes are still intact. It’s unbelievable!”
“Am I imagining this? How the heck did he pull that off?”
When Dustin emerged unharmed, everyone was astonished.
It seemed almost unbelievable that he had faced flames capable of melting steel, something even the grandmaster martial artists might struggle with.
It seemed almost unbelievable that Dustin had emerged from the ordeal without a scratch. This led everyone to ponder whether Dustin possessed some sort of miraculous technique.
At that moment, everyone, including the fire-spewing black serpent, was shocked. The black serpent was surprised to see Dustin standing strong against its flames, a sight it hadn’t anticipated.
It started contemplating the idea that if the initial flame didn’t finish him off, it was now considering launching another attack.
The black serpent’s belly expanded, and it spewed a burst of potent black flames that quickly spread like a wave over a 30-foot area.
The blazing black fire immediately consumed Dustin. The flames then shot up into the sky, casting a mysterious glow around.
“Shouldn’t he be toast by now?”
The crowd stared with anticipation.
The flames spewed by the black serpent covered a wide area that soared three yards high. They quickly felt the inevitability of the situation, realizing no one could escape the inferno.
At that moment, everyone perked up at the distant footsteps. To their amazement, Dustin walked out of the flames unscathed. He appeared calm and composed, strolling as if he were on a leisurely walk.
This unexpected tranquility contradicted the idea of facing a formidable creature.
“Impossible! Is he immune to fire?”
The crowd was surprised by yet another unexpected sight. At first, they believed Dustin had survived solely by luck, but now it was evident that he wasn’t afraid of the flames.
Everyone wondered how did he pull that off. Was there some sort of magical protection involved?
“Is fire your only trick? It won’t do much if it can’t hurt me. Not a single hair on my head has felt the heat so far, “Dustin remarked casually, advancing without a hint of concern.
The black serpent seemed utterly harmless in his eyes.
The black serpent roared angrily. Instead of spitting fire this time, it swung its long tail fiercely at him.
The incredible speed of the black serpent, coupled with the immense force in its long tail, swept through everything in its path.
Dustin snorted, and his expression hardened. In a swift move, he jumped into the air, skillfully dodging the serpent’s sweeping tail.
At the same time, he thrust his sword downward with precision, piercing through the black serpent’s tail and firmly planting the blade tip into the ground.
His immense strength held the black serpent’s tail firmly to the ground, rendering it immobile. As the blade cut through its flesh, blood gushed out.
In agony, the serpent roared, and its body trembled. It was surprised to find that Dustin had effortlessly thwarted its previously powerful tail strike.
As everyone watched in disbelief, their jaws dropped at the scene unfolding before them. However, before anyone could react, the black serpent, writhing in pain, launched another attack.
The black serpent, furious and with its hood flared menacingly, swiftly recoiled its massive body, resembling a taut bowstring. Suddenly, its upper half shot out like an arrow, imitating the release of a bowstring.
With its blood-filled mouth wide open, the black serpent lunged downward, clearly aiming to devour Dustin. It was determined to swallow him whole.
Dustin’s gaze hardened as he unsheathed his Celestial Blade.
With a swift swing, a dark sword aura shot out, effortlessly piercing the black serpent’s vital point. The aura vanished into the sky at astonishing speed.
As the sword aura faded, the colossal black serpent’s body suddenly stopped, frozen in time.
After a brief moment, a gentle breeze swept through, causing the serpent’s head to fall to the ground with a violent spray of blood.
###Chapter 1994 by Marina Vittori
From the moment Dustin unsheathed his sword, the entire sequence unfolded in an instant. The swift beheading of the black serpent left everyone in disbelief.
Even after the serpent’s head hit the ground, it continued to snarl menacingly, seemingly oblivious to the gravity of the situation. It only recognized the severity of its decapitation when the truth finally sank in.
Confusion enveloped the creature as it questioned what had just transpired, trying to comprehend how this seemingly insignificant human had managed to decapitate it.
The royal family held the black serpent in high esteem. They saw it as a divine being that had spent centuries cultivating its power, establishing dominance over everything.
Its path was meant to be unimpeded, and all living beings were destined to be its prey. The creature couldn’t comprehend why it now lay lifeless, defeated by the hands of a mere human.
The massive body of the black serpent convulsed a few times before crashing heavily to the ground. Blood gushed out, swiftly coloring the surrounding area in a vivid red hue, spanning several dozen feet.
“Dead… Is it dead?”
Everyone was frozen, eyes wide with disbelief, as the serpent’s head separated from its body. The shocking sight left them speechless, struggling to make sense of the unexpected turn of events.
Dustin’s victory over the black serpent took everyone by surprise, especially since it happened with just a single stroke of his sword. This formidable creature had proven to be a challenging adversary, even for Aidan.
Everyone couldn’t fathom how a nobody could wield such extraordinary power.
Garrett couldn’t believe what he was witnessing. He shook his head in disbelief, trying to process the shocking truth before him. “No way… This can’t be happening. It’s just not possible!”
He had always underestimated Dustin, thinking of him as nothing more than a scammer in the martial world.
Garrett’s resentment towards Dustin, fueled by his feelings for Grace, had even led him to contemplate silencing Dustin for good.
Little did Garrett anticipate that beneath Dustin’s unassuming facade lay extraordinary power. A power that now instilled fear in Garrett’s heart.
Bran stood there, completely shocked, his voice trembling. “Wait, did I really see that correctly? The black serpent is actually dead, and Dustin took it down?
Just moments ago, Bran had witnessed the black serpent’s incredible strength -a force so formidable that even hundreds of people couldn’t make a scratch on it.
Even Aidan, also known as Sandscale, had suffered serious injuries from the serpent’s attack. Simply surviving an encounter with such a terrifying creature was considered fortunate in itself.
Yet, Dustin not only survived but managed to slay it.
Bran found it hard to grasp the fact that a young, unknown young man had single-handedly killed the fearsome black serpent. If he hadn’t witnessed it with his own eyes, he wouldn’t believe such an extraordinary event could occur.
“Wait, seriously? Dustin took down that black serpent, the one even Mr. Ridge struggled with.
“Is he, like, already a grandmaster martial artist?” Yonah exclaimed. His face displayed sheer shock, with cold sweat trickling down.
Yonah had seen the black serpent seriously injure Aidan, but it met its end at Dustin’s hands.
This not only indicated Dustin’s strength surpassing Aidan’s but also hinted at Dustin having achieved grandmaster martial artist status.
The idea of a young grandmaster in his early twenties, unparalleled in the entire southwest, was hard for Yonah to fathom. He wondered, “Who is this guy, damn it?”
Recalling his earlier intention to confront Dustin, Yonah couldn’t help but shudder. Had Yonah provoked Dustin, he might be dead already.
“This brat… he’s good at masking his strength.” Aidan frowned, his face displaying a serious demeanor.
Moments ago, the black serpent had dealt him a severe injury. He had somewhat underestimated the enemy, and victory seemed unlikely despite his utmost efforts.
However, Dustin effortlessly defeated the ferocious black serpent with a single sword stroke, showcasing unparalleled strength. What added to Aidan’s sense of intimidation was Dustin’s youthful prowess.
Aidan’s realization struck suddenly, and his eyes widened. “Could it be… him?” he muttered.
His pupils narrowed, and his breath quickened as he connected the dots. The sword aura that Dustin unleashed resembled the one that severed the golden vine the night before.
The revelation hit Aidan like a tidal wave. He pondered the mysterious elder who had aided him the previous night-was it Dustin all along?
His thoughts spun into chaos, considering the mysterious elder’s strength, seemingly at the ultimate grandmaster level.
Aidan couldn’t help but question, “Is Dustin the hidden ultimate grandmaster? But… how is that possible? He can’t be older than 30. What kind of extraordinary being is this?”
Jackson was briefly bewildered, but then he jumped up, his excitement evident. “Oh my god! Dustin is seriously amazing!”
When Dustin confronted the black serpent, Jackson believed certain death was imminent. To his surprise, after a few rounds, Dustin managed to defeat the mighty serpent with a single stroke.
The stark contrast between before and after left Jackson momentarily speechless. He mumbled, “If I had known you were that powerful, I wouldn’t have been so worried.”
Sophia gasped, her hand instinctively covering her mouth. “A grandmaster… he’s a grandmaster martial artist!”
Her eyes sparkled with surprise, excitement bubbling within. It wasn’t just shock or disbelief, but it was the thrill of discovering a hidden gem.
Dustin’s charm and strength had completely enchanted her. She recognized the rarity of such a combination and felt compelled to seize the opportunity, even if it meant going against the Embersteel Order.
While the Embersteel Order did have a grandmaster martial artist, he was already in his fifties. In contrast, Dustin, just over 20, possessed immense promise and limitless potential.
The decision between the two options was glaringly obvious.
Grace smirked, acknowledging. “No wonder he’s at the top of the Legendary List. Truly impressive.” She found solace in having such a powerful bodyguard.
At that moment, Dustin stood tall as he brandished his sword with an imposing and majestic presence.
Despite not exuding a formidable aura, he held a powerful and almost mythical presence in everyone’s hearts.
Waving the Celestial Blade to flick off some blood, he then approached Grace and impassively said, “Task accomplished.”
“Great work, everyone,” Grace said with a slight smile.
She then directed Teams Five and Six, ” Now, let’s focus on skinning the black serpent and extracting its innards efficiently.
“The hide is valuable for crafting resilient armor that can withstand blades and the elements.
“Additionally, the serpent’s gallbladder is a potent tonic that enhances cultivation. We can’t afford to waste any part of it.”
###Chapter 1995 by Marina Vittori
Grace’s envoy team acted swiftly, efficiently peeling away the black serpent’s skin in a matter of moments. The gallbladder was also meticulously placed into a box.
She had personally observed the black serpent’s impressive defense, which had withstood a powerful strike from Aidan, a grandmaster martial artist. The durability of its scales was undeniable.
Considering the serpent’s colossal size, she anticipated that it could potentially provide materials for over a hundred sets of resilient armor.
Armed with these resources, she envisioned the formation of an unstoppable personal guard-a treasure that couldn’t be easily obtained through conventional means.
“Here’s your reward, a potent boost for cultivation,” Grace said, handing Dustin the black serpent’s gallbladder stored in the box.
However, he seemed uninterested and shook his head. “This thing won’t do much for me. You should keep it.”
The black serpent’s gallbladder has potent benefits for a grandmaster martial artist, but for an ultimate grandmaster like him, its impact on cultivation would be somewhat limited.
Rather than letting it go unused, he preferred allowing her to make the most of it.
“Are you sure you don’t want this treasure?” she asked, surprised.
“I believe its value falls short compared to Dracan essence,” he said with a slight smile.
He added, “If you manage to collect all five Dracan essences, I might have to borrow them. I hope you won’t turn me down when that time comes.”
The Dracan essence, derived from the potent dracan force within Dragonmarsh, represented the essence of the country’s dragon veins.
It held the key to Dustin’s ultimate ambition-breaking through to the supreme realm of terrestrial immortals.
In contrast, the significance of a mere black serpent’s gallbladder paled in comparison to his lofty aspirations.
Grace, seizing the opportunity, asserted. “Alright then, I’ll take it.”
Having secured the gallbladder, she swiftly issued orders. “Everyone, follow me! We need to search the palace immediately, and there’s no room for mistakes!”
The envoy team responded promptly,”Yes!”
Guided by Grace, they effortlessly entered the ancient and dim palace.
“Jackson, come on! Don’t just stand there.” Sophia acted swiftly and urged Jackson to join the team.
While her interactions with Grace were limited, the mere presence of Jackson created a sense of alliance between them.
Sophia believed that leveraging the current situation for mutual benefits was a reasonable course of action.
As Dustin and Grace’s group entered the palace, the various factions inside suddenly snapped out of their daze.
The solemn expressions on everyone’s faces reflected the impact of Dustin’s remarkable sword strike. It was an image etched in their minds, impossible to forget.
Despite Dustin’s young age, everyone knew he was a grandmaster martial artist, even more powerful than Aidan.
They found themselves incapable of resistance when faced with such a formidable opponent. All they could do was watch helplessly as Dustin and his team explored the palace in search of treasures.
“Yonah, what should we do? Should we just stand by and let someone else claim those treasures?”
Bran watched Dustin disappear into the darkness. His teeth were clenched, revealing a hint of reluctance.
Yonah replied, “What else can we do? We’re out of options.”
###Chapter 1996 by Marina Vittori
Yonah frowned, and his expression turned grim. “That bastard’s holding back his real strength. He’s powerful and practically unstoppable. If we attempt to confront him, we could end up dead.”
As he recalled Dustin’s astonishing feat of effortlessly slicing through the black serpent with a single sword, Yonah couldn’t help but feel intimidated.
He felt a sense of relief knowing that Dustin hadn’t fully unleashed his power in their last encounter. Otherwise, Yonah might not have survived to share the story.
“You’re right. Tackling him by ourselves might be a challenge, but let’s not overlook the support from our sects,” Bran said.
Lowering his voice with a hint of malice, he added, “Dustin may have the skills of a grandmaster martial artist, but he’s outnumbered.
“When the two major sects unite against him, taking him down becomes much more manageable.”
He was well aware that both the Drakes Dominion Order and the Frostwing Sect boasted a grandmaster martial artist at the forefront. Within these sects, there were also numerous hidden experts.
Furthermore, the grandmaster martial artists from both the Drakes Dominion Order and the Frostwing Sect surpassed Aidan in strength. When they united, their combined force was unstoppable.
While Dustin is undoubtedly powerful, Bran anticipated that facing two ultimate grandmasters, along with several halfway-to-becoming grandmasters and numerous divine experts, would likely prove challenging for him.
“Well, that’s the theory, but our sect’s experts haven’t shown up. Any idea how we’re supposed to handle Dustin?” Yonah rubbed his chin, frustration etched on his face.
He hesitated, aware of his limitations, and the reinforcements from the sect were still nowhere in sight. All he could do was stand by, feeling helpless, and watch the situation unfold.
“Yonah, I wasn’t suggesting an immediate move,” Bran said with a sly grin. 1
He added, “Let’s allow Dustin and his group to explore first. Once they discover the treasure, we’ll quietly trail them, leaving subtle marks as we go.
“When our reinforcements arrive, we can capitalize on the situation, ambushing them and securing the treasures for ourselves.”
“Oh?” Yonah’s eyes lit up.
“Bran, you’re quick-witted. I never thought of that.” Still lost in a daze, he couldn’t concentrate on making plans.
Bran smirked and said, “Yonah, sometimes observers grasp the situation better than those directly involved.
“Right now, there’s no need for immediate action. We should just bide our time. Once we secure the treasure, our two sects will wield significant power.”
“Okay, let’s go with your plan!” Yonah nodded enthusiastically.
He acknowledged that their current strength wasn’t enough to handle Dustin. However, he was confident that once the reinforcements arrived, they could turn the tables.
“Hey! What’s with the hushed conversation?” Aidan interrupted as he approached with a serious expression.
He continued, “Let me give you some advice about that young man, Dustin. It’s better to steer clear. Trust me, you don’t want to tangle with him.
“If you’re smart, drop it now and go search for a different treasure.”
“Mr. Ridge, we acknowledge that dealing with Dustin is beyond our capability. However, let’s not overlook the support we have from our sects.” Bran assured confidently.
“When I mentioned your inability to handle him, I was referring to the combined might of the entire Drakes Dominion Order and Frostwing Sect!” Aidan’s tone turned serious.
While others might not grasp the gravity of the situation, Aidan fully comprehended the fear-inducing nature of Dustin’s earlier strike.
“Mr. Ridge, isn’t that a bit of an exaggeration?” Bran squinted, casting doubt on the statement.
He added, “While we recognize Dustin’s prowess, let’s not forget that he’s just one person. Our two major sects are filled with skilled experts. Dealing with him should be a piece of cake!”
“He’s right!” Yonah added, “Once my master steps in, handling that bastard will be a breeze!”
Aidan casually warned, “Just thought I’d let you know. Whether you believe it or not, it’s your call.” With that, he slowly walked away with his injured body.
If Dustin had truly achieved the status of an ultimate grandmaster, not only the Drakes Dominion Order and Frostwing Sect but all the forces in the Southwest combined would have been easily defeated.
The distinction between a grandmaster and an ultimate grandmaster was akin to an insurmountable gap.
###Chapter 1997 by Marina Vittori
Jackson strolled through the palace corridors, his excitement uncontainable. “Dustin, I had no idea your skills were so impressive. Your sword technique just now was truly epic!”
While aware of Dustin’s formidability, Jackson never comprehended the extent of his power. He could sense Dustin’s cultivation level surpassing even Aidan’s, leaving him utterly astonished.
Sophia smiled and remarked, “He’s right. That single swing of your sword took down the black serpent.
“It caused a ripple effect, shaking things up in both the southwest and northwest forces. Your name is about to become a global sensation!” Her eyes held intense admiration for Dustin.
To her, Jackson was undeniably impressive, but he served as her backup. Now, with Dustin, a peerless genius, by her side, she felt confident in her next move.
“I just happened to stumble upon the black serpent’s weak spot.” Dustin smiled faintly.
Jackson intervened. “Don’t downplay yourself, Dustin. The black serpent’s defense is solid, and only a grandmaster martial artist can break through it.
“But you, with just one sword strike, effortlessly severed its head. That’s a truly heroic feat, something we’ve never seen before!”
Dustin, trying to deflect compliments, chuckled. “Cut me some slack, Jackson. I’m shy, and compliments make me squirm.”
Grace scoffed in disagreement.
“Seriously, though, your talent and strength deserve all the praise.” Jackson laughed.
Sophia inquired, “Dustin, you’re truly impressive. Could you share some tips with me?”
With a flirtatious tone, she batted her eyelashes, saying, “I’ve been having issues with my Harmony Saber, it doesn’t seem as powerful as it should.”
However, Dustin didn’t spare her a glance. “I’m a swordsman and don’t know much about blade techniques.
“But for that, you should spar and exchange skills with Jackson. I’m confident you’ll make quick progress in that area.”
With a delicate demeanor, she acknowledged. “Jackson’s swordsmanship is impressive, but overall, he falls behind in skill compared to you.
“So, for matters related to martial arts, I’ll be relying on your guidance.”
Dustin responded casually, “We’ll talk about it when the time comes.”
Having observed her betrayal before, leaving them behind when cornered, he didn’t appreciate that kind of behavior. This indifference made him wary of her seeming two-faced nature.
“Hmph! What’s so special about him?” Garrett mumbled disdainfully.
As he walked behind them, his face darkened with jealousy as he couldn’t help but notice how everyone adored and admired Dustin. Garrett, having learned about Dustin’s strength, even lost the courage to approach Grace.
The group, holding torches, cautiously walked through the palace corridor. They proceeded slowly, being mindful of potential traps. Luckily, the passage was free of any mechanisms, ensuring a smooth journey.
Interestingly, considering the menacing black serpent that guarded the place, setting traps inside the palace seemed unnecessary.
After passing through the corridor, they entered a spacious and magnificent hall. The hall was decorated with an array of gold, silver, and jade artifacts, as well as jewelry. Rows of unique earthen guardians lined the space.
Among them, half were cavalrymen mounted on horses, brandishing long spears in a striking charge formation.
The remaining half featured mythical beast sculptures, including towering armored bears, flame-spewing phoenixes, centaurs with weapons, winged white tigers, and more.
This created a diverse and fantastical display within the hall.
“Wow! Check out all this gold and silver bling. We’re set for life!”
“Haha… we’re blessed, truly blessed!”
As their eyes feasted on the treasure- filled hall, excitement bubbled up within them. Simply by snagging all these treasures, they’d be living the good life forever.
The saying “fortune favored the bold” echoed in their minds as they surveyed the abundance of gold and silver jewels.
At that moment, the difficulties and dangers they had encountered along the way seemed insignificant compared to the incredible rewards that now stretched out before them.
“Ms. Linsor, let’s talk about splitting the treasure. How do you want to handle it? I’ll leave that decision to you, “Jackson said, flashing a wide grin.
“Everyone gets an equal share. Take as much as you want; it doesn’t matter to me,” Grace replied. Her eyes wandered the surroundings, seemingly preoccupied with something other than the jewels.
“Heard that, everyone? Ms. Linsor has made the call. Help yourselves to whatever you fancy!” Jackson exclaimed with a cheerful laugh.
“Thank you, Ms. Linsor!” everyone chimed in, nodding appreciatively.
With that, they eagerly delved into the grand ceremony, each person on the lookout for treasures. Thankfully, the abundance of wealth made the search civilized, avoiding any chaotic grabbing.
However, Dustin and Grace maintained their disinterest. As the Crown Prince of West Lucozia and the Princess of Dragonmarsh, they possessed substantial wealth.
Ordinary jewels scattered around failed to capture their attention. Their singular focus only rested on the Dracan essence.
“Dustin, does the Celestial Eye detect anything?” She looked around but didn’t notice anything suspicious.
“Yes, it does. The signal is quite strong, ” he said, pulling out the Celestial Eye. He showed it to her, its bright glow and continuous vibrations signaling the presence of an extraordinary treasure nearby.
“Any idea where it might be?” she asked.
“Yes, let me give it a try.” With the Celestial Eye in hand, Dustin began strolling around the grand hall.
As he neared the hidden treasure, the Celestial Eye’s reaction heightened. It helped him to discern the general direction of the Dracan essence.
After a few rounds of searching, he stopped in front of a mural. The artwork depicted people worshiping gods, seamlessly integrated into the surroundings and looking completely ordinary.
Yet, as he approached the mural, the Celestial Eye vibrated more intensely, and its emitted white light grew brighter.
“It’s here!” Dustin declared with determination, looking up suddenly.
“I believe the exotic treasure is concealed behind this mural.”
“What?” Grace raised an eyebrow. “Are you saying there’s something behind this mural?”
“Yeah, that’s the gist of it.” He nodded. He was confident that if the Celestial Eye’s sensing was accurate, the odds were in their favor.
She immediately commanded her envoy, “Send someone over and break down this mural!”
###Chapter 1998 by Marina Vittori
Chapter 1998
These past few days, I’ve been hit with the flu and dealing with some recurring health issues. Additionally, I’ve been experiencing mild dizziness, and even sitting down gives me a spinning sensation.
Today, I tried to write while lying in bed, managing to put together 300 words, but unfortunately, I had to take breaks to deal with nausea.
I’ll take a couple of days off to recover. Once I’m feeling better, I promise to make up for the content I owe you from these past few days.
Just plain water.
###Chapter 1999 by Marina Vittori
Grace commanded, “Send someone over and break down this mural.”
A group of bodyguards swiftly drew their weapons and began pounding on the mural. It crumbled under a barrage of forceful blows, revealing an ancient and sturdy bronze door.
At the center of the door, a fist-sized eye held everyone’s gaze with its unsettling deep red glow, resembling a gem.
From the eye, a fan-like pattern spread out, breaking the bronze surface into eight sections. Each section was adorned with unique images.
The surface of the door featured unusual frog-like symbols. Their twisted and contorted shapes contributed to the overall mystique of the scene.
The leader of the envoy team turned to Grace, his expression curious. “Ms. Linsor?”
He paused, eyeing the red gemstone on the bronze door. Its value was apparent, making him cautious about any impulsive actions.
“Smash everything!” Grace was concise in her command.
They couldn’t afford to give up if there was something behind that door easily. As for a single red gemstone, she didn’t find it significant.
The leader of the envoy team signaled, prompting the team to grab their weapons swiftly.
They hacked and smashed the bronze door, but despite their persistent efforts, the sturdy door remained unyielding. It stood like an immovable mountain, rendering their attempts futile.
“Darn it! How is this possible? We can’t even make it budge.”
“What the heck is this door made of? I smashed it with a sledgehammer, and it didn’t even scratch. It’s ridiculously tough!”
The group of guards stared at the undamaged bronze door, exchanging bewildered glances.
Unsure of what to do, they had just exerted all their strength, using every weapon available. Some broke, others rolled, but the door showed no signs of damage.
“Alright, let’s use dynamite!” The leader of the envoy team decisively issued the command.
Frustrated with the door’s resilience, he figured dynamite might be the only way to break through. He refused to believe that a mere bronze door could withstand the explosive force of dynamite.
“Everyone, step back! We don’t want anyone caught in the blast.”
Heeding the leader’s advice, the team swiftly arranged the dynamite. A thunderous explosion ensued, causing the entire palace to shake violently. Dust billowed, and debris scattered around.
As the dust cleared, everyone was astonished to see that, despite the blast, the bronze door stood firm, showing no signs of budging.
The walls of the palace exposed a metallic structure, mirroring the resilience of the door.
“What on earth! Dynamite didn’t do the trick either?”
The guards stood there, utterly perplexed, exchanging bewildered glances. Not only did their weapons fail to budge the bronze door, but now, even explosives were ineffective, leaving them in complete shock.
“Ms. Linsor, there’s something unusual about this bronze door. It looks like we’ll need to figure out a smarter way to open it,” the leader of the envoy team remarked, his expression turning serious.
###Chapter 2000 by Marina Vittori
Despite employing a substantial amount of explosives, the bronze door remained impervious, showcasing its exceptional durability. Even sheer brute force proved ineffective.
Grace, with a slight furrow in her brow, suggested, “Search for mechanisms or anything that might assist us.”
“Got it!” The envoy team leader promptly responded, directing his team to explore. Despite an extensive search within the grand hall, they discovered nothing.
“Ms. Linsor,” Garrett interjected.” Save your efforts. The solution to open this bronze door is right here.”
Grace turned around, her eyes sparkling with curiosity, “Oh? Captain Wilder, do you recognize the symbols on the door?”
“I’ve been on quite the journey, exploring historical sites and immersing myself in the study of intriguing symbols for many years. It’s become second nature to me.” Garrett proudly shared.
He walked forward confidently and added, “If I’m not mistaken, this underwater palace was built by the ruler of Sceptoria a thousand years ago.
“Those tadpole-like symbols on it represent the written language of Sceptoria.”
Jackson exclaimed, offering a thumbs- up and a sincere compliment, “Who would have guessed that you possess such extensive knowledge, even about a culture from a millennium ago? Impressive.”
When it came to such matters, he admitted he was completely clueless.
“Well, our captain was a brilliant archaeology prodigy before founding the Black Scorpion Squad. His expertise in the history of various eras is unparalleled,” Silva stated proudly.
“Oh, that’s ancient history now. A genuine hero focuses on the present.” Garrett modestly dismissed the praise, waving his hand.
After years of being looked down on, it was finally his time to showcase his knowledge.
“Captain Wilder, given your expertise with Sceptoria’s script, do you reckon there’s a way to unlock this door?” Grace asked.
“Sure thing.” Garrett approached the bronze door, gently running his fingers over the various symbols.
“Based on the inscriptions here, it looks like the key to opening the door is this ruby-like gem that resembles an eye.”
Garrett then placed his hand on the ruby and pushed down firmly. There was a satisfying “click” as the gem sank about an inch.
He then took hold of the ruby, making three turns to the left and three turns to the right.
With a total of six twists, the bronze door had activated some mechanism inside. The central area began to rotate, emitting a rhythmic “clink-clink” sound that shook off specks of dust with each movement.
“Haha… did you see that? The bronze door is moving!”
The sight brought forth a burst of joy from everyone present.
“Garrett, you’ve got some skills!” Jackson complimented.
“Captain Wilder deserves all the credit! Tackling a bronze door that explosives couldn’t budge on, he made it seem like a walk in the park. Quite impressive!”
“Bringing in the Black Scorpion Squad for backup turned out to be a smart move!”
Garrett basked in the applause from the crowd, a touch of delight creeping into his demeanor.
Though his combat skills were not exceptional, his keen mind had guided the Black Scorpion Squad to remarkable success.
“Ms. Linsor, any thoughts on my performance? I hope I didn’t disappoint,” Garrett quipped with a proud smile.
Grace acknowledged. “Captain Wilder, your prowess in both intellect and combat is truly remarkable.” She couldn’t deny that Garrett possessed some impressive skills.
“I’m not claiming to be a master at both, but compared to those relying solely on brute force, I’d say I’ve got a couple of brains,” Garrett mentioned, giving Dustin a meaningful look.
He pondered, “Sure, he’s good in a fight, but at the end of the day, he’s just a martial artist without much strategic thinking. When it comes to handling situations, he still needs my cunning and wit.”
As Garrett savored his contentment, an unexpected turn of events took place.
###Chapter 2001 by Marina Vittori
The symbols on the bronze door abruptly stopped rotating, as if caught in a jam. It swayed back and forth with an unsettling creaking sound.
“Huh? What’s happening? Why did it stop moving?”
Everyone exchanged puzzled glances.
“Captain Wilder, what’s going on?”
Grace furrowed her brow in unease.
“Ms. Linsor, calm down. After all, it’s been over a thousand years, and it’s normal for the mechanisms to show some signs of aging. Just give it a moment, and it’ll be fine,” Garrett said with a faint smile.
He had encountered similar situations before. In the past, he had dealt with traps that, even when triggered, remained inactive due to years of neglect.
As he examined the bronze door’s material, he felt assured that its internal mechanisms were likely undamaged, albeit possibly less responsive.
Given the earlier smashing and explosions, he reasoned that there must have been some impact. Then, the symbols and characters, which were initially rotating clockwise, suddenly began to turn counterclockwise.
“Ah! It’s rotating again!” Silva exclaimed in relief. Just a moment ago, she had feared something went wrong, but it turned out to be a false alarm.
“Ms. Linsor, you see? Everything will be okay soon-” Garrett began to smile, but his words were abruptly cut off.
In an instant, symbols on the bronze door sank, revealing rows of thumb- sized dark openings.
Simultaneously, countless golden steel arrows shot out from these openings. The flurry of arrows, swift and unexpected, took everyone by surprise.
Garrett, who happened to be standing closest to the door, found himself becoming the main target.
“Captain, be careful!”
Silva acted quickly, shoving him aside and shielding him from the barrage of arrows. As a result, she took hits to her shoulder and arm from the golden steel projectiles.
If it weren’t for her selfless intervention, Garrett, who was reveling in his victory, could have been fatally struck then and there.
“Silva!” he exclaimed upon spotting her injuries. His expression changed as he hurried over to check on her.
“Captain, I’m okay. It’s just a scratch,” she reassured him, forcing a smile.
“Here, take this sanguine tablet quickly!” Garrett urged.
He retrieved a red tablet from his pocket and handed it to Silva. As he swiftly wrapped a bandage around her, he felt a sense of relief-it wasn’t a critical injury. With the sanguine tablet, he knew she would recover in a few days, but it might temporarily affect her movements.
“Captain, what happened? Everything was fine a moment ago. Why did the mechanism trigger unexpectedly?” Silva asked, looking puzzled.
“Most likely, there was a malfunction in some internal components, leading to a misfire in the mechanism,” Garrett explained, furrowing his brow.
It was rotating clockwise and then suddenly switched to counterclockwise.
Clearly, something was off.
“Captain Wilder, the rune on this door has stopped rotating. Can it still be opened?” Grace asked. Her heart raced from the sudden turn of events.
Garrett hesitated and was momentarily thrown off by the unexpected question. Once brimming with confidence, he now found himself in an awkward position due to the unexpected setback.
“Ms. Linsor, what happened earlier was just an accident. I believe the captain can still open this bronze door,” Silva spoke up, offering her support for him.
“Ms. Linsor, I’ll give it another shot. No problem,” Garrett said, taking a moment to collect himself. He cautiously approached the bronze door and studied it carefully.
After ensuring it was safe, he replicated the previous procedure, pressing the ruby eye and turning left three times, then right three times. Despite his efforts, this time, the bronze door remained unresponsive.
Garrett attempted the process multiple times, knocking and testing, but to no avail.
Somewhat embarrassed, he turned to Grace and admitted, “It appears that the mechanism inside this bronze door is either malfunctioning or broken.”
“Broken?” Grace furrowed her brow.” So, you’re saying this door won’t budge?”
“You’re right.” Garrett nodded.
He added, “This door has been around for ages, and now the mechanism is unresponsive. The recent explosion might have caused internal damage. At this point, I’m powerless to do anything about it.”
“Isn’t there any other way?” Grace’s brow tightened even more.
“I can’t open it, and honestly, I doubt anyone else in the world could.” Garrett sighed.
Dustin, unable to hold back any longer, stepped forward. “Let me give it a try.”
“You?” Garrett sized up Dustin with a smirk. “Dustin, I recognize your strength, but when it comes to mechanisms, you’re not on my level. If I can’t open it, you’d be better off saving your energy.”
“You won’t know if I can’t do it unless you let me try,” Dustin said calmly.
“Hmph! Enough with the showboating. Even our captain, who’s quite knowledgeable, is stumped. Why do you think you can figure it out?” Silva sneered.
Garrett had clearly explained that the internal mechanisms were damaged. No one on Earth could unlock the door.
“Dustin, know your limits. If you’re not up for it, don’t go grabbing attention,” Garrett quipped sarcastically. Dustin brushed off the sarcasm, heading straight for the bronze door and examining it closely.
“Save yourself the trouble. It’s a lost cause. You can’t even decipher the symbols above, and you want to open this door. Good luck with that,” Garrett said.
Then, he declared with a touch of bravado, “If you manage to unlock it, I’ll gladly slam my head against the bronze door.”
“Really?” Dustin smirked. Then, he clenched his fist and delivered a powerful blow to the bronze door.
The impact resonated, making the ground tremble and sending a cloud of dust into the air. The strong shockwave pushed everyone back, almost knocking them off balance.
As the dust cleared, the once- unyielding bronze door now lay in pieces, shattered by his mighty punch. Everyone was stunned by the sight.
###Chapter 2002 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?”
Everyone stood in shock, their eyes fixed on the shattered bronze door. Mouths hang open, faces reflecting pure disbelief.
They never imagined that the supposedly indestructible bronze door, resistant even to explosives, could be obliterated by a single punch from Dustin.
There were no flashy moves, no grand display of power-just a simple, direct punch, and the bronze door shattered instantly. It was truly unbelievable.
“Wait… Seriously, how is this even possible?” Garrett’s eyes widened in disbelief, his face revealing an indescribable shock.
Only moments ago, he witnessed dozens of people taking turns attacking the bronze door with weapons and explosives. Despite their relentless efforts, the door remained as it was. However, with just one punch, Dustin managed to shatter this seemingly indestructible door.
“Holy crap! Is he a monster?” Silva blurted out, her hand instinctively covered her mouth in shock. Her eyes were practically about to pop out.
Just moments ago, she was mocking Dustin, not giving him any credit. But reality had slapped her in the face.
She pondered whether this was the prowess of a grandmaster martial artist. It surpassed all her expectations by a mile.
“Whoa! Did he really just punch it into pieces? That’s so badass, right?” Jackson exclaimed, his mouth wide open in amazement.
Earlier, when Dustin slashed the black serpent with his sword, it was terrifying, but Jackson thought it was the sharpness of the weapon that did the trick.
Jackson considered it logical for Dustin to be able to decapitate the black serpent with a single swing, given his divine sword and grandmaster martial artist strength.
Yet, to Jackson’s surprise, Dustin opted not to use his sword this time. Instead, he punched through the seemingly indestructible bronze door with his bare fist. The sheer force of the blow was so powerful that it sent shivers down the spine of anyone witnessing it.
“Dustin, wow, you’re incredible!” Sophia exclaimed, her excitement evident as she jumped up. After a brief moment of shock, she seamlessly embraced the role of being his close friend or ally.
“He took down the black serpent with one swift sword stroke, then smashed the bronze door with a mighty punch. Mr. Rhys, truly impressive!”
At that instant, everyone admired Dustin’s strength again. While the defeat of the black serpent might be credited to the divine sword, what had just occurred was undoubtedly the display of sheer raw power.
Dustin smiled as he turned to Garrett. ” It appears my fist works better than your methods.”
To him, in the face of sheer strength, any mechanical traps or tricks were useless.
“Um…” Garrett’s expression froze in embarrassment. He had expected Dustin would employ tricks to unlock the door, not a punch. It dawned on him that strength was the deciding factor in this situation.
“Captain Wilder, recall when you boldly claimed you’d slam your head into the bronze door if Dustin managed to open it? What do you think now?” Sophia teased.
Garrett’s eyes twitched at the corners, and his face flushed a deep shade of red. He regretted his earlier bragging and wished he could just vanish into thin air. The embarrassment was palpable.
“Alright, let’s cut the chatter. The door’s open. Let’s head in and check it out,” Grace interjected, breaking the awkward silence.
Following her lead, everyone entered the room. The rest exchanged meaningful glances with Garrett and quietly followed suit.
Behind the bronze door lay a spacious chamber. The layout was simple, and an echoing emptiness filled the room.
Aside from some murals, the main focus was a circular altar at the center.
The altar, roughly 50 feet wide, had a bronze coffin on each side. In front of each coffin was a unique pool. These pools weren’t large, only about 10 feet in diameter, and contained a milky- white liquid, emitting a pleasant fragrance that they could smell.
“What is this place? It looks kinda strange.”
“Yeah, it’s like a hidden burial chamber, but surprisingly bare. No treasures or anything.”
“Do you think the treasures might be stashed inside those coffins?”
Everyone surveyed the surroundings, quickly focusing on the two bronze coffins on the altar.
The tomb appeared strangely vacant, featuring only the two coffins and a pool containing a milky-white liquid that demanded attention. Besides that, there was nothing else worth noting.
Typically, valuable burial items would be placed inside the coffins. Hence, they were eager to uncover the potential treasures hidden within the bronze coffins.
“Everyone, be cautious and avoid triggering any traps,” Grace warned. Despite the relatively smooth journey so far, it was essential to remain vigilant, especially in this tomb. Its simplistic decor raised suspicions.
“Let’s test it out.”
Rather than advancing directly, they cautiously tossed stones around to check for hidden mechanisms. Once they were confident that there were no traps, a collective sigh of relief escaped their lips.
“Okay, go ahead and open the coffins, but be careful,” Grace instructed, motioning for a few guards to approach and inspect them.
The chamber contained only two bronze coffins. If the Dracan essence was indeed present, she speculated it might be inside one of them.
“Got it!” The guards acknowledged, approaching the bronze coffin with caution.
They gingerly pushed the lid open. In the glow of the flickering flames, a myriad of jewels and treasures sparkled with dazzling and vibrant colors.
“Whoa, check out this massive black diamond!”
“Look at this top-notch blue diamond. It’s even bigger than my face! How much do you think it’s worth?”
“We’re really hitting the jackpot here. I mean, all of these items are priceless treasures!”
The guards were filled with excitement as they opened the coffin and beheld the extraordinary treasures inside. They paid little attention to the two mummies lying beside them.
One, a female mummy, wore a phoenix crown and luxurious attire. The other, a male mummy, donned a golden robe and an imperial crown.
Based on their regal outfits, it was evident that these two mummies were likely the king and queen of the Sceptorian kingdom from a thousand years ago.
Grace approached, peering inside, her brow furrowing involuntarily. “Hmm?”
Despite the coffins holding numerous rare treasures, she couldn’t find the Dracan essence she sought. No trace of the Dragon Essence could be felt. She wondered if she had been mistaken.
###Chapter 2003 by Marina Vittori
Unlike the joyful ambiance surrounding her, Grace wore a somber expression. She furrowed her brow, and her eyes revealed disappointment.
When she discovered that the Celestial Eye had picked up on something, excitement surged through her. She thought the Dracan essence would probably be hidden in the underwater palace.
However, after an extensive search, both inside and outside the palace, all she uncovered were intricate jewels and precious metals. There was no sign of the Dracan essence.
Despite putting in so much time and effort, it ended up being a wild goose chase. Grace found this outcome unacceptable.
She turned to Dustin, her expression shifting as a realization dawned.”
Dustin, is the Celestial Eye detecting anything?”
He nodded in response. “Yes, and it’s quite strong.”
“These accompanying treasures, though valuable, don’t appear to be extraordinary. What causes the Celestial Eye to react so strongly?” Grace asked.
She inspected the gold and silver treasures within the two bronze coffins multiple times.
Each item could provide a lifetime of comfort for an average person. However, in her perspective, these possessions seemed insufficient to elicit a strong response from the Celestial Eye.
Dustin glanced around, his confidence unwavering. “While these items alone might not scream extraordinary treasures, trust the Celestial Eye. It doesn’t lie.”
He added, “I believe there’s something special hidden in this tomb. Let’s search diligently and look for any clues.
“Alright, everyone, let’s comb through the tomb meticulously and watch out for any hidden traps or mechanisms,” Grace directed, gesturing with her hand.
The guards felt the allure of the treasures within the coffins, but they resisted the urge to give in to greed. Then, they began to conduct a meticulous search.
“Ms. Linsor, I’m curious. What exactly are you looking for?” Jackson asked out of the blue.
They had already uncovered a considerable amount of treasure since entering the palace. Yet, he couldn’t help but notice Grace’s disinterest in the riches, making it quite strange. Thus, his curiosity grew about their true purpose.
“I’ve mentioned it before. Feel free to take any gold, silver, or jewels you find. I only have my eyes on one or two specific items, and I can’t reveal what they are,” Grace replied, shaking her head.
After all, the Dracan essence was crucial to the fate of the nation. It was not something she could casually disclose to others.
“Got it,” Jackson replied with an awkward smile. He understood that everyone had their secrets, and he didn’t want to pry too much.
“Ms. Linsor, if these treasures don’t pique your interest, how about we split them evenly among the rest of us?” Sophia asked. Her eyes gleamed with enthusiasm.
She knew that bringing these treasures back to Harmony Sect could secure the sect’s finances for decades. It could also be her ticket to becoming the next sect leader.
Grace smiled and replied, “Feel free to take whatever you like. I won’t mind.”
“Ms. Linsor, your generosity knows no bounds. In that case, we won’t hold back!” Sophia exclaimed.
She smiled appreciatively at Grace and immediately hurried toward the coffin to choose from its treasures. Her eyes quickly landed on a black diamond the size of a fist, a face-sized blue diamond, and several other rare valuables.
“Quick, everyone! Don’t miss out on these treasures!” Garrett urged as he observed Sophia making her selections. He swiftly rallied members of the Black Scorpion Squad to compete with Sophia, knowing that the first person to grab a treasure would own it.
“Hey, save some for the rest of us!” Jackson chimed in, unwilling to fall behind.
The Embersteel Order disciples also joined to search for their share of collectibles.
The treasures within the bronze coffin were evidently of superior quality compared to those outside, making them the top priority choices.
###Chapter 2004 by Marina Vittori
After everyone finished plundering the treasures from the coffin, Grace’s envoy team carefully combed through the tomb again. However, their efforts yielded nothing.
“Ms. Linsor, we’ve searched the entire tomb. We couldn’t find any hidden mechanisms or secret compartments,” the leader of the envoy team reported.
“None?” Grace frowned slightly, shifting her gaze to the pool in front of the coffin. “Could there be something hidden in this pool?”
Having explored every accessible corner, only the small pool filled with milky-white liquid remained. She sensed a potential connection between this pool and the rare treasure she sought.
“The liquid here possesses an unusually dense spiritual energy, almost unfathomable level. If I’m not mistaken, this should be a pool of Soul Elixir!” Dustin scooped up a handful of the milky-white liquid, giving it a sniff.
“What? Soul Elixir?”
The sudden mention of Soul Elixir brought everything to a standstill. Jackson, Sophia, Garrett, and the rest stopped their activities, directing their attention to Dustin.
“Dustin, are you sure these are Soul Elixirs?” Jackson asked, his skepticism growing. He wondered if he might have misheard.
In this world, anything infused with spiritual energy is considered a rare treasure. People eagerly seek items such as precious spirit medicines and rare spirit stones.
These items are highly coveted not just for their ability to heal and save lives but also for their potential to enhance the cultivation of martial artists.
Similar to the revitalberry they had encountered earlier, which harbored spiritual energy and was exceptionally valuable. Items infused with spiritual energy were inherently alluring, and Soul Elixirs of a higher caliber had the potential to drive people insane.
Soul Elixirs symbolized the pinnacle compression of spiritual energy. A minuscule droplet of Soul Elixir equated to the potency of ten revitalberries.
If the milky-white liquid in the pool happened to be the fabled Soul Elixir, it would signify an unimaginable wealth for everyone in attendance.
“It’s gotta be the one,” Dustin affirmed, nodding. “Even though this pool conceals its energy, my instincts can’t be deceived. If you doubt it, give it a try.”
Encouraged by Dustin’s words, Jackson boldly scooped up some of the milky- white liquid and took a sip.
The moment the liquid touched his throat, it underwent a remarkable transformation, unleashing a potent stream of spiritual energy that swiftly surged through his entire being.
The waves of energy flowed like a relentless tide, impacting every limb and bone, leaving no corner untouched.
Jackson felt his breath quicken, and his face flushed with intensity. It felt as if his circulatory pathways were on the brink of breaking.
In response to the surprise, he swiftly activated his cultivation technique, absorbing the rushing spiritual energy at a rapid pace. When the absorption was complete, his cultivation had significantly advanced, teetering on the edge of a breakthrough.
“Jackson, how’s it going? Are you okay? “Sophia asked, observing the shift in Jackson’s complexion.
“Haha… we’ve struck gold! Dustin’s instincts were spot on. This pool is brimming with Soul Elixir, perfect for boosting cultivation!” Jackson exclaimed, jumping and dancing in excitement.
The revelation that it wasn’t merely a drop or a bottle but an entire pool of Soul Elixir added an extra layer of thrill to the discovery. If news of this spread, it would cause ripples not just in the southwest but across the entire realm.
###Chapter 2005 by Marina Vittori
“Soul Elixir? Is this the real deal? Oh my god!”
Jackson couldn’t contain his excitement as he danced around. Initially puzzled, the people around him soon caught on, their faces lighting up with joy.
Emotions soared, and one by one, they dropped the jewels they held, rushing toward the pool to eagerly consume the Soul Elixir.
Being martial artists, they grasped the unparalleled value of Soul Elixir-a treasure surpassing gold and silver. It promised unimaginable wealth and prosperity.
Without exaggeration, every sip equated to consuming a thousand-year -old herb. Beyond cultivation improvement, it extended life, enhanced physique, and could even reshape circulatory pathways, facilitating profound transformations.
The allure of such a treasure was undeniable. At that moment, everyone abandoned their composure, leaning eagerly over the pool’s edge. Cupping the Soul Elixir in their hands, they greedily indulged in its benefits.
Their expressions mirrored those of someone stranded in the desert for three days, stumbling upon a sweet oasis-impatient to consume every drop.
Sophia took a sip of water, her expression filled with enthusiasm.
“This pool of Soul Elixir is more than enough for all our factions to benefit from. Venturing here and risking our lives wasn’t in vain,” she exclaimed.
However, her enthusiasm was tempered with a note of caution. Among the gathered factions, Grace’s group stood out, and Sophia couldn’t shake the fear that they might become overly greedy, monopolizing the entire pool of Soul Elixir.
Unlike ordinary jewelry, Soul Elixir held unparalleled value. While gold and silver meant little to the wealthy, Soul Elixir, capable of enhancing cultivation and extending life, was a treasure worth exhausting fortunes for.
Sophia’s earlier words subtly reminded Grace about the abundant Soul Elixir. It seemed more practical to share it among the factions rather than hoarding it for personal use.
“Yes! Bringing a portion of this Soul Elixir back to our sect will undoubtedly catapult our influence to unprecedented heights!” Jackson exclaimed excitedly.
After taking a few sips of the Soul Elixir, he found it increasingly challenging to endure. The abundance of spiritual energy overwhelmed him, making digestion a daunting task. Drinking more could potentially result in a fatal explosion.
The other martial artists also recognized the Soul Elixir’s extraordinary nature. While some felt a bit unsatisfied, they refrained from pushing their limits.
Adhering to the wisdom of the saying, they understood the perils of excessive greed leading to downfall. Being mindful of having discovered a valuable treasure, they exercised caution to avoid overindulgence and potential harm.
Some martial artists, having partaken in the Soul Elixir, dedicated themselves to earnest practice. They meditated diligently to assimilate the surging spiritual energy within them.
“Could it be that this Soul Elixir triggers the Celestial Eye?”
Grace scooped the Soul Elixir, taking a gentle sip and feeling a surge of spiritual energy coursing through her body. It seemed to be loosening the bottlenecks in her previous cultivation.
After a few more sips, she had a hunch that a breakthrough to the mid-level of grandmaster might be within reach. However, the current environment wasn’t ideal, so she decided to endure.
The value of this pool of Soul Elixir was evident, causing intense vibrations in the Celestial Eye. Despite not finding the Dracan essence, bringing back the Soul Elixir could create a formidable personal guard.
“Wait a second,” Dustin exclaimed, his attention locked onto the pool. ” There’s something at the bottom.”
His gaze remained fixed on the pool as he sensed a faint presence beneath the Soul Elixir. It was subtle, almost elusive, making it hard for anyone to notice.
“Huh? What is it?” Grace asked, a hint of confusion in her expression.
The rest of the group joined in. Their curiosity and anticipation grew as they, too, directed their attention toward the pool.
###Chapter 2006 by Marina Vittori
Dustin pondered whether a mysterious element lurked at the depths of the Soul Elixir pool.
“Everyone, please step back,” he exclaimed without an explanation. As he approached the spiritual pool, he extended his palm toward the center and firmly grasped it.
Instantaneously, the liquid in the entire pool began to tremble and swiftly rotate. In just a few seconds, a giant vortex materialized at the spot where his palm had been, stirring the Soul Elixir ever more rapidly.
Guided by Dustin’s mystical pure energy, a colossal swirling mass of Soul Elixir gradually ascended from the water. Everyone soon saw a remarkable sight.
With a single hand, he seemingly plucked the Soul Elixir from the pool like one would pull out a radish. Surrounded by mystical pure energy, the Soul Elixir gathered in mid-air, forming a massive milky-white sphere.
The sphere, with a diameter ranging from 10 to 13 feet and substantial weight, effortlessly hovered above his head without spilling a drop. This remarkable display of control left everyone astonished again.
Having secured all the Soul Elixir, Dustin’s attention returned to the pool, revealing a milky-white pearl at the bottom. The pearl, about the size of a fist, was semi-transparent and emitted a faint white glow.
Upon closer inspection, a small white snake wriggled inside, exuding an extraordinary presence. Dustin extended his other hand and gently grasped the white pearl. The pearl emitted a gentle white glow and landed securely in his palm.
Dustin muttered in disbelief, “Who would’ve thought that such a tiny bead could hold such terrifying power?”
As he examined it more closely, his eyes twitched in surprise.
The bead, small as it was, contained an overwhelming amount of energy. The mystical pure energy he had infused into it just moments ago disappeared as if it were a drop in the ocean.
“Let me take a look,” Grace said, stepping forward to receive the white bead from Dustin’s hand.
As she examined it closely, a smile spread across her face. “This is it! The Dracan essence we’ve been searching for!”
He arched an eyebrow at the mention of Dracan essence. “What’s up with its appearance?” he asked.
In his mind, Dracan essence was supposed to be some kind of energy flow. However, what lay in front of him was just a bead. The conceptual idea and the physical reality seemed different.
“Dracan essence is profoundly spiritual. It actively seeks precious materials, embedding itself within, nurturing its growth gradually,” Grace shared with excitement.
She added, “Notice the small white snake within the Spirit Core? That’s the true form of Dracan essence, though it’s not fully developed yet.”
“In a few hundred, or perhaps a thousand years, this Spirit Core will give rise to a new Dracan force!” she continued, her enthusiasm undiminished.
The value of this Spirit Core far surpasses that of an entire pool of Soul Elixir, be it by a hundred or even a thousandfold. The crucial factor lies in the Dracan essence residing within the Spirit Core, which plays a pivotal role in determining the fate of Dragonmarsh.
As long as the royal family holds onto it, Dragonmarsh will stand strong. In fact, this might be the opportunity to ascend and usher in an era of unprecedented peace and prosperity.
###Chapter 2007 by Marina Vittori
Grace held the Spirit Core in her hands, and her face lit up with joy. As she looked at it, a small white snake swam within the Spirit Core.
On closer inspection, the snake had dual horns on its head and razor-sharp claws on its belly-a clear sign of a dragon’s transformation. It was this transformation that convinced her it was the Dracan essence.
Dustin noted her expression and sighed with relief, saying, “Looks like the trip wasn’t in vain after all.”
The guidance from the Celestial Eye turned out to be accurate, leading them to discover a hidden treasure. The Dracan essence was concealed within the Spirit Core, a find made possible by the Celestial Eye.
“Ms. Linsor, this treasure is stunning! What is it?” Sophia asked, her curiosity evident in her smile.
She wasn’t foolish, but she observed that even the rare and precious Soul Elixir failed to evoke a response from Grace and Dustin.
Surprisingly, this simple white pearl had succeeded in bringing smiles to their faces. The pearl clearly held greater value than the Soul Elixir. Naturally, Sophia was intrigued and eager to learn more.
“This is known as a Spirit Core-a crystallization born from the fusion of Soul Elixir. It’s what I’m after on this journey,” Grace explained.
The Spirit Core was a solid substance gradually formed through the condensation of the Soul Elixir. She chose not to disclose the truth about the Dracan essence, skillfully weaving a narrative that was part truth and part fiction.
“Spirit Core, huh? Isn’t it more valuable than Soul Elixir? What makes this treasure special?” Sophia asked with sparkling eyes, expressing her curiosity.
Soul Elixir comes in liquid form, whereas the Spirit Core is a solid. The core was created through the concentration and condensation of Soul Elixir. There was a significant distinction between the two.
“The Spirit Core and Soul Elixir share similar effects. Both are used for cultivation. However, I’m not entirely certain about their specific applications,” Grace responded.
Sophia, with an innocent smile, stated, “Oh, really? I find this treasure intriguing. Would you mind lending it to me for a couple of days?”
“Hmm?” Grace raised an eyebrow.” Sorry, this item serves a greater purpose for me, so I can’t lend it to you.
While speaking, she took out a wooden box and delicately placed the Spirit Core inside.
Sophia’s eyes betrayed a hint of greed, a detail that Grace effortlessly picked up. When it came to the destiny of the nation, Grace wasn’t willing to take any risks by entrusting the Dracan essence to someone else.
“Come on, Ms. Linsor, lighten up a bit. I’m just borrowing a few things for a couple of days. No need to get all worked up, right?” Sophia raised an eyebrow, showing a hint of displeasure.
“Ms. Jaden, I made it clear before we entered the palace that I would only take one treasure,” Grace stated coldly.
She added, “The rest is fair game for all of you. I won’t compete with you, so it’s wise for you not to entertain any thoughts about my share.”
She considered herself quite generous. Despite having the authority to claim all the treasures, she chose to honor her promise and relinquish the majority of the loot. If anyone felt the urge to be greedy, they couldn’t accuse her of lacking politeness.
“I-” Sophia began, but Jackson Stone quickly stepped in and smiled at Grace.
“Ms. Linsor, no need for any misconceptions. Sophia was merely expressing curiosity, with no intent to compete or offend. Please understand.”
He shared a meaningful glance with Sophia after his words. After all, it was through Grace and Dustin’s efforts that they gained access to the palace and obtained such valuable treasures.
###Chapter 2008 by Marina Vittori
Jackson believed that receiving something for free was a generous offer in itself, and anticipating more seemed ungrateful.
“Let’s hope things stay that way,” Grace responded indifferently.
Sophia’s insatiable greed irked Grace. She understood that some people are never satisfied-the more you give, the more they want.
“Let’s forget about it. If she doesn’t want to, I won’t insist,” Sophia stated, giving a pointed look at Grace.
Shifting her focus to Dustin, who was overseeing the soul elixir, she continued, “As per our previous agreement, I’m entitled to half of the treasures here, including these soul elixirs. I expect my share.”
“Hey, isn’t that a bit much?” Garrett and his friends expressed their displeasure, countering, “You’ve just been tagging along, not contributing or taking any risks. Now you want half? On what grounds?”
“Yeah!” Silva interjected. “If Ms. Linsor takes half, count us in. Speaking of which, do you even have the right to make a claim?”
“Let’s not forget, would you have stumbled upon the treasure without my intel? We had a deal in place before. Are you really going to go back on our agreement?” Sophia narrowed her eyes.
“Plans can change,” Garrett insisted.
He argued, “Even without the information you provided, we might have discovered this through our visions. Frankly, your existence holds no value for us, let alone deserving a share.”
He was firm in his stance despite the sacrifices they made to explore the lake’s hidden treasure. They had endured losses and sacrifices, unwilling to let someone without significant contributions take away most of the spoils.
“Jackson, what do you think about these people burning bridges?” Sophia asked astutely, seeking opinions rather than speaking up herself.
“Well…” Jackson hesitated.
A disciple from the Embersteel Order chimed in, “I agree with Captain Wilder’s point. It’s not fair to keep half the loot to yourself. We should divide it equally among all of us.”
“He’s right! No one should be so greedy. With so much treasure, everyone deserves a fair share. Taking half for yourself? I won’t stand for it!” Another Embersteel Order disciple voiced strong support for equal distribution.
They sided with the Black Scorpion Squad, which wasn’t solely a matter of safeguarding personal interests but also a reflection of Sophia’s character. They had rescued her previously, but she returned it with betrayal.
Out of respect for Jackson, they didn’t make a big fuss, but that didn’t mean they were letting it slide.
Sophia’s frustration morphed into anger as she voiced her discontent. “I can’t believe you guys are actually taking sides with outsiders. We, the Harmony Sect, have always been on good terms with the Embersteel Order. This is outrageous!”
A few disciples from the Embersteel Order sneered. “On good terms? Hmph! If that’s the case, why did you burn bridges before?”
Sophia, momentarily speechless, grasped Jackson’s arm and pleaded, ” Jackson, look at them. They completely disregard me. As their senior, you should educate them properly.”
Jackson intervened, saying, “That’s enough. The previous incident was just an accident and shouldn’t be brought up again.”
He continued, “As for how to divide the treasure, I think we should listen to Ms. Linsor’s opinion. She should make the decision.”
As Jackson spoke, all eyes shifted toward Grace.
“Me?” Grace hesitated, glancing around. She was about to speak when an abrupt, chilling laughter resounded from the tomb’s entrance.
“Save your breath. None of you will be leaving with any treasures from here!”
###Chapter 2009 by Marina Vittori
“Save your breath. None of you will be leaving with any treasures from here!” The taunting words echoed, followed by laughter.
A horde of martial artists streamed in, swiftly sealing off the exit. Among these martial artists, two distinct factions emerged – the elites of the Drakes Dominion Order and the Frostwing Sect.
Notably, familiar faces like Yonah and Bran stood out in the crowd.
The combined forces of the Drakes Dominion Order and the Frostwing Sect not only boasted increased numbers but also featured a substantial influx of skilled elites. Virtually every official, guardian, and elder from both sects was in attendance.
It wouldn’t be an overstatement to say that more than 80% of the total strength of both factions had been assembled.
“Ms. Linsor, we meet again!” Bran sneered, and his eyes filled with greed.
Upon entering the palace, the floor sparkled with gold and silver treasures. The tomb, in particular, held precious items, like the tempting pool of soul elixir. The allure was irresistible.
Despite the need to share the spoils with the Drakes Dominion Order, the gains promised enough power to elevate the Frostwing Sect into a force to be reckoned with-a sect renowned across the world.
Yonah advanced, drawing his sword with a menacing presence.
“Put down your weapons, hand over your jewelry, and maybe you’ll get to walk away in one piece. Anyone brave enough to resist will be handled without mercy.”
The elites from the Drakes Dominion Order and Frostwing Sect had just arrived, and Yonah remained undaunted. Not even Dustin posed a concern for him. After all, despite Dustin’s strength, he was just one person.
The combined forces of the Drakes Dominion Order and Frostwing Sect comprised dozens of accomplished elites, some halfway to becoming a grandmaster and even two grandmaster martial artists. With this formidable force united, dominating the southwest seemed within their grasp.
“Ah, shoot! They’ve got the elites from both the Drakes Dominion Order and the Frostwing Sect in the mix. This just turned into a real mess,” Garrett muttered, wearing a grim expression. Just as they laid their hands on those treasures, unexpected hurdles popped up.
Sophia’s voice trembled as panic set in. “Jackson, what should we do?”
The potential loss of the treasures weighed heavily on her. She found herself outnumbered and helpless against the elites from the Drakes Dominion Order and Frostwing Sect.
Even with potential reinforcements from the Harmony Sect, there was no guarantee it would be enough to change the situation.
“I didn’t anticipate them showing up so soon. Fate’s got a knack for throwing curveballs,” Jackson mused with a frown.
Facing off against both the Drakes Dominion Order and Frostwing Sect with their current strength was a surefire way to end up with no gains whatsoever.
The odds were against them, and victory seemed unlikely without the timely arrival of the Embersteel Order’s experts.
The real dilemma lay in not knowing how long they could endure. The catch was waiting for the elite Embersteel members, which might prove to be too much of a gamble.
“What? Do you really think there’s still a chance for you to turn this around? If anyone disagrees, speak up now. Let’s see how far your confidence goes!” Yonah exclaimed, fixing a stern gaze on the group.
Bran smirked and said, “True heroes are those who understand the situation. I advise you not to resist recklessly. Blades and swords have no eyes. So, don’t gamble your lives for a measly sum.”
“What should we do? Should we confront them?” Garrett whispered to Grace. He felt a spark of optimism, knowing that Dustin, a grandmaster martial artist, was part of their group.
“Stay calm. Let’s try negotiating,” Grace replied.
She took a step forward, raising her voice. “Dear elders, we’ve gathered here for the pursuit of wealth. Let’s avoid unnecessary conflict. In my view, we can collaborate and share the treasures.”
A skeptical voice responded, “Share? Ha! Do you even deserve it?”
###Chapter 2010 by Marina Vittori
In the Drakes Dominion Order sect, Tobias Blackwell, a senior in a green robe, snorted disdainfully.
As an elder within the sect, he was halfway to becoming a grandmaster. With a formidable background and impressive combat prowess, he could even match with a grandmaster martial artist.
“Mr. Blackwell is right. None of you even deserve to negotiate with us,” Yonah declared coldly.
They were resolute in their determination to succeed. Hence, surrendering their precious treasures was out of the question.
“We’re not to be underestimated despite the challenges posed by the Drakes Dominion Order and the Frostwing Sect. The outcome of a showdown is still uncertain,” Grace stated coldly.
She didn’t desire an all-out war, but if the opposing side persisted, she wouldn’t hesitate to unleash her full force.
“Hmph! You’re giving yourselves too much credit! What makes your ragtag team think you can match up to us?” Tobias sneered.
He believed a team of inexperienced newcomers had no right to challenge the Drakes Dominion Order.
“Hey, mind your words. It’s better to be respectful. Otherwise, I won’t hesitate to silence you,” Dustin warned sternly, stepping up beside Grace.
He had been annoyed by the members of the Drakes Dominion Order for a while. But he refrained from confrontation to avoid jeopardizing their quest for the Dracan essence. Now that the mission was accomplished, there was no need to hold back any longer.
“Insolence! Who dares to spout such nonsense in my presence?” Tobias roared, projecting an imposing presence.
“Mr. Blackwell, watch out for this young man. He took down the black serpent by himself, and I believe he’s at the level of a grandmaster martial artist,” Yonah cautioned.
In Yonah’s eyes, Dustin was the only one among the opponents who truly posed a threat. The rest weren’t even worth acknowledging.
“What? Is this kid a grandmaster martial artist? Seriously?” Tobias was taken aback, and the intimidating presence he had just exuded quickly faded, replaced by sheer astonishment.
He couldn’t wrap his head around the idea of Dustin, barely in his twenties, being a grandmaster martial artist.
Tobias pondered whether such an exceptional talent truly existed in the Southwest region. Despite his best efforts, he couldn’t recall ever hearing about Dustin before.
“Well, as unbelievable as it may sound, it’s the truth,” Yonah affirmed with a nod.
“No wonder this kid acts so cocky,” Tobias remarked, his brow furrowing in slight embarrassment.
While he was undeniably strong, taking on a grandmaster martial artist was a challenge that seemed a bit out of his league.
The middle-aged man was dressed elegantly, and he clapped his hands. ” Achieving grandmaster level at such a young age is truly impressive.” As he approached, the crowd parted, acknowledging his authority.
Dustin asked calmly, “And who might you be?”
The middle-aged man smiled and replied, “I’m Damien Howler, the master of the Drakes Dominion Order.”
Upon hearing that, Jackson, Sophia, Garrett, and the others displayed a noticeable change in their expressions.
Damien’s name was familiar to all- not just as the master of the Drakes Dominion Order but also as the ultimate grandmaster in the Southwest.
He was a powerhouse known for his unmatched strength and an unbeaten record. The unexpected personal intervention by someone of Damien’s stature was about to complicate things.
###Chapter 2011 by Marina Vittori
“Even Master Howler is here. It looks like we’ll be leaving empty-handed.”
“Plans don’t always unfold the way we want.”
“I thought we could forge ahead, but now it appears surrendering is our only option.”
Everyone shook their heads and let out collective sighs.
Damien’s reputation preceded him as one of the top elite in the southwest, and his status seemed unmatched. Despite Dustin being a young grandmaster, everyone thought he would be powerless in the presence of such top-tier individuals, considering the significant gap that exists between grandmasters.
Dustin raised an eyebrow. “The master of the Drakes Dominion Order, right? You’re the top elite in the southwest, often referred to as the peak level of martial arts?”
While observing Damien’s presence, Dustin sensed that he was likely in the late stages of being a grandmaster. Undoubtedly, Damien’s strength positioned him as a regional overlord.
With his hands casually tucked behind his back, Damien downplayed his skills. “I wouldn’t claim to be among the top elite, but so far, no one has managed to last ten moves against me.”
Despite his feigned modesty, pride gleamed in his eyes. As the leader of the top five ultimate grandmasters in the Southwest, he hadn’t faced a worthy opponent in over a decade.
Dustin, giving a light applause, commented, “Impressive, indeed. I didn’t expect Master Howler to engage in a match with the juniors over some worldly possessions. It’s a bit disappointing.”
“Young man, your provocation doesn’t faze me. Possessions like these naturally fall into the hands of the capable,” Damien stated calmly.
Dustin squinted and asked, “So, no room for negotiation today?”
Damien’s tone shifted as he flashed a smile. “If you’re up for negotiating, it’s definitely doable. I’ve always had an eye for talent and enjoy bringing in promising individuals.”
He continued, “Join the Drakes Dominion Order, and not only will I make you the deputy master, but you’ll also have the freedom to pick any treasures you fancy.”
The declaration sent ripples of surprise through the crowd. Jackson and the others were caught off guard, and even the members of the Frostwing Sect were left bewildered. Damien’s unexpectedly generous offer took everyone by surprise.
The role of deputy master in the Drakes Dominion Order holds tremendous prestige, second only to the master. It commanded respect, even from senior elders who typically wouldn’t bow down.
Moreover, Damien’s offer went beyond expectations by allowing Dustin to choose treasures freely. The level of favor extended was beyond anyone’s anticipation.
“Master Howler! What are you doing? How can a kid like him become our deputy master?” Tobias ed.
“That’s right! He’s just a stranger with no notable achievements. We can’t accept him as the deputy master.”
As the leaders of the Drakes Dominion Order shared their dissatisfaction, the consensus emerged that appointing an inexperienced person was unacceptable.
“At the Drakes Dominion Order, we’ve always emphasized strength in our decisions. He is already a grandmaster martial artist, fully qualified for the role of deputy master,” Damien asserted with a flat tone, yet his words resonated with unquestionable authority.
His assessment of Dustin extended beyond his current strength to his remarkable potential. Seeing a grandmaster martial artist in his 20s was rare, and Damien was determined not to overlook such an extraordinary talent.
“Master Howler-“Tobias began, but Damien quickly raised his hand, cutting him off.
“Enough! I’ve made my decision, and that’s final,” Damien declared sternly.
In the face of his decisiveness, no one dared to utter another word.
###Chapter 2012 by Marina Vittori
Judging by the expressions on the faces of the members of the Drakes Dominion Order, they were dissatisfied with the decision.
Damien turned, fixing his gaze on Dustin. “Young man, what do you think?”
Contrary to the majority, Damien had granted Dustin the position of deputy master, a gesture of significant respect.
Dustin bluntly rejected the offer, stating, “I’m not interested in being a deputy master. I definitely don’t want to be involved with the Drakes Dominion Order.”
Damien’s smile froze. His words carried a deeper meaning as he responded, “Hmm? Young man, opportunities come only once. Are you certain you want to decline my invitation?”
Dustin nodded confidently. “Yeah.”
Damien’s expression turned cold. “If that’s the case, then I have nothing more to say.” He felt a bit embarrassed, having extended an olive branch only to be rejected.
“Tch! Shameless!” Tobias sneered, his expression fierce. “Master Howler extended an invitation to you, and this is how you repay it? I order you to hand over all your valuables now. Don’t blame us if things turn nasty.”
Yonah joined in, shouting, “Hand over your treasures, and I’ll spare your lives!
“Enough talk. Let’s fight. Besides, nothing here today will leave with you, “Dustin calmly declared.
“Arrogant brat! You have no idea about the vastness of the world!” Tobias fumed, unable to suppress his anger.
Tobias glanced at the elderly man in a green robe and suggested, “Elder Greene, what do you say we team up and teach this kid a lesson? Let’s showcase the might of our Drakes Dominion Order!”
He knew that challenging Dustin solo might shake his confidence, but with Elder Greene’s assistance, the odds would tip in their favor. After all, Elder Greene’s strength far exceeded Tobias’s.
Even though Tobias hadn’t officially reached the grandmaster level, his solid foundation made facing an ordinary martial artist grandmaster seem effortless. Together, they believed overcoming Dustin was within reach.
“Alright! Today, I’ll stand by your side to handle this kid,” Elder Greene promptly agreed.
“Hey, kid! Check this out!”
Tobias and Elder Greene exchanged glances before taking charge. They unsheathed their swords and made a simultaneous move toward Dustin.
Tobias wielded his sword with remarkable speed, leaving only a fleeting shadow in its wake.
On the contrary, Elder Greene showcased his prowess, propelling himself into the air.
From a distance, he delivered a powerful strike with his palm, creating a substantial white shadow that expanded like a door panel, bearing down heavily on Dustin.
As the imposing palm shadow descended, Tobias’s swift sword found its mark on Dustin’s chest. Their coordination was flawless. It left Dustin with no chance to defend or dodge the combined assault.
“Hmph!” Dustin scoffed, showing his disdain, too indifferent to draw his sword. Instead, he lazily raised his hand and delivered a swift slap.
His forceful palm wind burst forth like a collapsing mountain and a surging tsunami, sweeping ahead with unstoppable power.
Elder Greene’s silhouette exploded instantly. He was sent flying more than 30 feet away, blood spraying from his mouth and nose, his face drained of color.
Tobias fared even worse.
Upon the impact of Dustin’s palm wind, not only did his cherished sword disintegrate piece by piece, but his entire arm transformed into a mist of blood. His internal organs, including the circulatory pathways, suffered severe damage.
It was as if he had collided with a speeding truck, hurtling him several yards before crashing into the wall with a resounding thud. Most of his bones were now shattered.
Tobias clung to the wall. His body resembled mush, and his life hung in the balance.
The shocking scene left everyone in stunned silence.
###Chapter 2013 by Marina Vittori
Tobias hung on the wall in a precarious life-or-death situation, and Elder Greene of the Drakes Dominion Order spat blood due to severe injuries.
Everyone stood frozen in shock, their attention fixed on the distressing scene.
The elites from the Drakes Dominion Order and the Frostwing Sect were left dumbfounded. They struggled to come to terms with the unbelievable sight before them.
Tobias and Elder Greene had long been acknowledged for their formidable strength. While not officially recognized as grandmaster martial artists, their prowess was on par with those who held such prestigious titles.
Years of dedicated refinement and experience had bestowed upon them a distinctive advantage.
Even when confronted by ordinary grandmasters, they possessed the capability to put up a formidable fight. Their collaborative efforts had yielded a remarkable track record of overcoming grandmasters together.
Tobias and Elder Greene weren’t expecting victory, but at the very least, they could hold their ground against Dustin. What transpired, however, defied their predictions.
In a single exchange, both elites were defeated-one left severely injured, the other teetering on the brink of death.
The match was far from equitable. The gaping difference in strength was as stark as night and day.
“How… is this even possible? I mean, Mr. Blackwell and Elder Greene, taken down like that?”
“Just one move. He took down both of the Drakes Dominion Order elders with just a single move. How strong is this kid?”
“Damn it! He has such incredible strength, and he’s so young. Can you imagine what he’ll be like in a few years?”
As they observed Dustin’s formidable prowess, the elites from Drakes Dominion Order and Frostwing Sect couldn’t help but discuss among themselves. A sense of wariness and fear began to show on their faces.
Tobias and Elder Greene were considered outstanding among them. However, they couldn’t even come close to Dustin’s level.
Unless the sect leaders stepped in, it seemed like no one was capable of handling Dustin.
“I didn’t expect this kid would be so strong. We really underestimated him, “Yonah admitted, his expression serious.
He was aware Dustin was a grandmaster martial artist, but he hadn’t expected him to be this powerful. The two elders from the Drakes Dominion Order couldn’t even handle a single move, and that was hard to comprehend.
“Yonah, calm down. With two sect masters around, this kid won’t be much of a problem, even if he’s got some impressive skills,” Bran reassured, his expression remaining cold.
He quickly regained his composure after a brief moment of surprise. Despite Tobias and Elder Greene being formidable, they didn’t quite match up to a grandmaster martial artist.
Now, with both sect masters present- both widely recognized figures- handling Dustin shouldn’t pose a challenge.
Damien’s frown deepened as he glanced at the heavily injured elders.” You went too far, young man,” he remarked with a hint of disapproval.
Tobias and Elder Greene were the backbone of the Drakes Dominion Order, and witnessing them in this condition was unacceptable for Damien.
“They came at me with deadly intent from the get-go. Should I have held back?” Dustin responded in a composed manner.
He added, “If anything, what I did could be seen as merciful. Otherwise, they’d be goners by now.”
“Brat! You’re ruthless. Well, don’t blame me for not holding back!”
Damien’s eyes turned cold. He was about to step forward when a voice from the Frostwing Sect interrupted.
“Mr. Howler, considering your esteemed status, there’s no need for you to handle this trash personally. Let me take care of it,” said a middle-aged man in white clothes.
He calmly approached with a long sword. Despite his clean-shaven face giving off a refined and scholarly feeling, the chilling gaze in his eyes contradicted his appearance.
This man was Alexander Forge, the leader of the Frostwing Sect.
“Alexander, this kid is no pushover. Don’t underestimate him,” Damien warned.
###Chapter 2014 by Marina Vittori
As Alexander took on the role of the challenger, Damien felt at ease. However, Dustin’s skill surpassed that of a mere grandmaster, more akin to the mid-level of a grandmaster.
“Don’t worry, Mr. Howler,” Alexander reassured confidently.
He added, “This kid’s got talent, but I’m no pushover. In the southwest, you’re the only one who might outclass me. The rest aren’t even worth considering.”
Damien was the top dog in the southwest. Alexander had lost three sparring matches and felt he couldn’t measure up to Damien. As for the other contenders, Alexander dismissed them without a second thought.
Despite Dustin’s impressive talent and strength, Alexander considered him too young to pose a real threat.
Unlike Dustin, Alexander had been honing his skills for over a decade, firmly standing at the grandmaster level. He was not someone a young buck like Dustin could easily shake.
“Sure thing! Since Mr. Forge is ready to jump in, go ahead and have some fun with this kid.” Damien nodded. In his eyes, Alexander had at least an 80% chance of winning.
“No worries! Just watch me in action!” Alexander grinned.
He locked eyes with Dustin. “Hey, do you even realize that even among grandmasters, there’s a significant gap? Considering your age and current level, it’s probably due to some drug use, right?”
He continued, “People like you, with an unstable mastery and a weak foundation, are just for show. You might intimidate some lower-level martial artists, but when facing powerful opponents, your true colors will be exposed!”
“Oh? Is that so?” Dustin smirked, finding it somewhat amusing. He noticed Alexander’s lack of awareness.
The slap Dustin delivered earlier revealed his edge, but Alexander remained oblivious and continued boasting. He wondered about the source of Alexander’s confidence.
“Kid, don’t accuse me of bullying the young. I’ll let you make the first three moves. Once that’s done, I’ll take you down,” Alexander declared. He stood with hands on hips, radiating confidence and arrogance.
“Did you catch that? The Frostwing Sect’s leader’s style is to offer three moves upfront,” Bran boasted confidently.
Given Alexander’s unwavering assurance, Bran felt confident there was a solid plan for victory, making it natural for him to rally behind his sect leader.
“Three moves, huh? Are you sure about that?” Dustin smirked, having heard such boasts before on numerous occasions.
“Cut the nonsense! Show me what you’ve got. Let’s see your skills!” Alexander taunted as he beckoned with his finger.
“Alright, I’ll give you a chance to see my strength.” Dustin wasted no time. With a nimble step, he transformed into a blur and closed in swiftly. Just before reaching Alexander, he unleashed a palm strike.
A thunderous roar reverberated as a translucent palm shadow shot forward, aiming directly for Alexander’s chest.
Although the Ivory Shadow Palm wasn’t massive, its incredible speed made it akin to a bullet-something ordinary people couldn’t react to in time.
“Hmph! Childish tricks!”
As Dustin unleashed the Ivory Shadow Palm, Alexander held his ground, seemingly uninterested in dodging or evading. He faced it with complete disregard until, at the last moment, he activated his grandmaster’s energy, forming a protective shield.
A resounding noise followed as Dustin’s Ivory Shadow Palm forcefully collided with Alexander’s protective shield. In an instant, the shield shattered like glass. Alexander, propelled by the impact, soared twenty or thirty yards before crashing heavily into a wall.
The sturdy wall bore a deep dent upon the collision, with Alexander’s body partially embedded into the pit. Blood streamed from his nose and mouth as he clung to consciousness, mirroring Tobias’ earlier brush with death.
Now, side by side, they adorned the wall like two comical and pitiful paintings-one on the left and the other on the right.
###Chapter 2015 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?”
The sudden change threw everyone off guard. Everything happened in a split second, and they barely had any time to react.
Dustin took Alexander down in a blink of an eye. In an instant, Alexander was already seriously wounded.
To most of the martial artists, Alexander, the leader of Frostwing Sect, was flung toward a wall in a heartbeat.
The entire situation happened too rapidly.
“H-How is this possible?” Bran was dumbfounded when he saw how badly injured Alexander was. His eyes widened in disbelief.
He had never imagined that Alexander would be defeated tragically, let alone lose in a fight.
After all, Alexander was one of the five strongest people in the Southwest. He was a grandmaster martial artist with excellent abilities.
Aside from Damien, the master of Drakes Dominion Order, no one could rival him in the entire southwest.
Bran thought it was a sure victory for Alexander in this battle. However, things seemed to have taken an entirely different turn.
Not only did Alexander lose, but he was also taken down by Dustin with a single strike.
The drastic change was unbearable to Bran.
“Am I possibly seeing things? The leader of Frostwing Sect lost? Lost to a brat, a mere nobody?”
“What happened? What exactly happened earlier?”
“A single strike! That brat took Mr. Forge down with a single blow. How absurd! Ridiculous even!”
“Damn it! Who is this guy? Why is he so strong?”
The crowd broke into a clamor after a brief moment of silence. The Drakes Dominion Order, Frostwing Sect, Jackson, and his companions were equally astounded by Dustin’s power.
It was still understandable when he beat Tobias and Elder Greene. After all, he was a grandmaster martial artist and had the upper hand due to his level.
However, things weren’t quite the same in Alexander’s case. He had gone past the level of grandmaster for more than a decade now, and he was incredibly skilled.
Yet, he was still taken down by Dustin with one blow despite his ultimate skills. It was beyond words for them to comprehend how flabbergasted they were from the situation.
It was marvelous. Simply amazing.
“How is this possible? Why is he so powerful?”
Yonah was slightly flustered. He was sweating profusely, and his breathing was heavy. He felt like there was a weight weighing down on his chest.
Even his father, Damien, couldn’t defeat Alexander with one blow.
Although it was partly Alexander’s fault for underestimating Dustin, it was undeniable that he was a powerful grandmaster martial artist. It demonstrated just how terrifyingly strong Dustin was since he could take Alexander down in a breeze.
Yonah began to suspect that Dustin’s strength was beyond his father’s.
How could he possibly not be terrified? He needed someone to tell him how. Most importantly, Dustin was only in his 20s. It was alien for him to possess such cultivation at such a young age.
He was literally a monster.
“He surely did keep a low profile,” Damien exclaimed as he frowned, finally recovering from his shock.
His expression turned sullen. Given his excellent sight, it was a piece of cake for him to tell how strong Dustin’s cultivation was.
This could be proven by how Alexander’s protection shield was easily shattered earlier. It fell apart in an instant, completely incapable of defense.
In light of this, Dustin was way stronger than Alexander in terms of cultivation.
It was safe to say that he was at least at the advanced level of grandmaster or even a fully developed divine-level martial artist.
A fully developed divine-level martial artist who was only in his 20s was extremely rare in the whole world, let alone in the southwest.
Damien couldn’t understand why Dustin, being as mighty as he was, would show up here. And worst of all, why was he the one witnessing it?
What should he do about it now?
“Goodness gracious! Is this what he’s been hiding all along? He’s terrifying!”
Jackson swallowed hard. Aside from being stunned, a surge of respect rose in him.
He knew Dustin was strong, but his strength went far beyond his imagination.
Dustin had taken down Alexander, the leader of Frostwing Sect, with a single blow.
###Chapter 2016 by Marina Vittori
If word got out, everyone would be stunned.
“Awesome! That was a great fight!” Sophia squealed in delight. Her eyes lit up as she realized not only was Dustin handsome, but he was also incredibly powerful.
He had a bright future awaiting him. Sophia had to seize her chance and do whatever she could to make him fall in love with her, even if it meant breaking her engagement with Jackson.
“Fuck! He’s at it again!” Garrett snarled, wariness evident in his eyes although he wore a surly expression.
The chances of him getting his revenge were becoming slimmer once Dustin showcased how strong he really was.
At this point, he had given up on the idea of revenge. He just hoped that Dustin wouldn’t come after him.
“And he said he was going to let me strike him thrice first before he made a move. But he can’t even endure a single blow. Well, it seems like the leader of Frostwing Sect isn’t exactly that great either,” Dustin said nonchalantly.
There was a hint of sarcasm in his tone.
The elites of Frostwing Sect were infuriated. Though their faces were scrunched up in anger, they didn’t dare to utter a single word. They were well aware that they wouldn’t stand a chance against Dustin when even their leader had been defeated.
Now, Damien was their only hope. It was possible for him to beat Dustin since he was the top elite in the southwest.
“Master Howler, this brat has gone too far! You have to teach him a lesson to save us from embarrassment!”
“Exactly, Master Howler. His victory was pure luck since he caught Mr. Forge off guard. I’m positive you’ll win once you face off against him!”
“Master Howler, please do us justice!”
All the disciples begged Damien earnestly, trying to ask for his help.
Damien felt it would be tough for him to get out of this situation as he met their hopeful gazes. After all, he wasn’t confident that he would win because he couldn’t exactly tell how strong Dustin was.
If he was unexpectedly defeated, his reputation would be instantly ruined. He would no longer be the ace of the southwest.
Nonetheless, people would point fingers at him if he didn’t do anything when everyone had their attention on him.
Suddenly, he felt at a loss.
“Master Howler, there’s no need to make things difficult for both parties since you weren’t particularly involved in our matters. Why don’t you follow my suggestion earlier, where you can just take half of it?”
Grace attempted to smooth things over when she sensed that it was the right timing to do so.
She could tell that Damien wanted a way out. If she offered him one, they could’ve possibly avoided causing a scene and resulting in less trouble.
“Hmph! Do you still think it’s possible to negotiate with us when you’ve hurt one of us?” one of the guardians of the Drakes Dominion Order chided.
Although Dustin was unexpectedly powerful, he was certain that Damien would win.
“Shut it! You don’t have a say in this,” Damien snapped as he turned back and glared at him.
Quickly, he spun around and smiled at Grace again.
“You’re right. I figure it’d be better for us to prosper together rather than fight to our deaths. So, I agree to your conditions.”
“Master Howler, you are indeed a sensible man. I respect you for that,” Grace replied politely, nodding at him.
“Master Howler, are you really going to negotiate with them?” The same guardian from the Drakes Dominion Order complained.
“Or what? Are you capable enough to fight their grandmaster martial artist?
“Damien retorted defiantly.
“I-” The guardian was silenced.
“That man isn’t to be underestimated. Even if I can win, I’ll probably suffer from a few injuries. It’s dangerous here, and monsters are lurking.
“If I was injured, can you guys handle the situation if we’re in danger? In the end, you’ll still have to rely on me,” Damien said, huffing righteously.
“You’re right, Master Howler. I wasn’t thinking straight,” the guardian replied, not daring to say another word.
He would be doomed if he were to disobey and humiliate Damien again.
“Leave half of the Soul Elixir and jewelry, then you may go, ” Damien remarked as he waved indifferently when in fact, he silently heaved a sigh of relief.
Fortunately, they gave him an out. He was positive that things were going to end badly if he had fought. That brat was truly formidable.
###Chapter 2017 by Marina Vittori
“Show Master Howler some respect. Leave half of everything behind and let’s get going.”
They started moving upon Grace’s orders. Some took the jewelry with them, while some loaded themselves with the Soul Elixir. Though they were instructed to leave half of them behind, they all took more than they should.
Nevertheless, Damien turned a blind eye to this even though he already saw right through them.
Dustin’s power was so intimidating that everyone was extremely wary of him now. They dared not take the risk, nor did they want to go against him. If a commotion broke out, they would most likely end up with nothing.
After all, the palace was surrounded by different forces. If the fight didn’t end well for both parties, there would be other forces who would gladly benefit from it.
As a result, Grace and her companions stepped out of the Underwater Palace with their loaded bags.
Though the elites of Drakes Dominion Order and Frostwing Sect were itching to lunge at them, they didn’t budge. All of them wouldn’t stand a chance against Dustin unless Damien was willing to put his life at stake to fight him.
“I didn’t expect us to be able to get out this quickly, and we’re even loaded with these goods. This is really a blessing in disguise!”
Jackson still barely recovered from the terror even after he left the palace.
After all, they had just faced off against the elites of Drakes Dominion Order and Frostwing Sect. Even the top elite in the southwest, Damien, was present too.
Their forces were enough to tear a place to pieces. Even the Embersteel Order would be overshadowed by them.
Thus, he didn’t have any hope in the beginning. He thought he was already fortunate enough for his life to be spared.
However, the outcome wasn’t like anything they expected. Not only did they get out safely, they even secured most of the Soul Elixir and jewelry. They were thrilled.
“It’s all thanks to Dustin that we were able to get out of there safely! If he didn’t defeat the elites of Drakes Dominion Order and Frostwing Sect, we’ll probably be in deep waters by now.
Sophia shot multiple coquettish glances at Dustin as she flattered him. She was eager to show her affection for him.
“You’re right! It’s all thanks to Dustin that we had all these goods with us. Thanks, Dustin!”
Jackson expressed his gratitude earnestly. At this point, he didn’t just admire Dustin-he respected him.
He had a bright future laid since he could defeat the guild of Frostwing Sect at such a young age. Dustin seemed so distant yet mighty to Jackson.
“We are all on the same boat, so it’s only right that we look after each other. There’s no need for the pleasantries. If you really want to thank someone, thank Ms. Linsor. I’m merely obeying orders,” Dustin said with a smile.
“Thank you so much, Ms. Linsor!” they all said in unison.
“Don’t mention it, everyone. This isn’t exactly the safest place to linger, so let’s leave now.”
Without further ado, Grace led them away from the dried lake and took shelter in the woods.
She gave away half of their spoils, now wanting to cause further trouble. There were spies everywhere. If they didn’t make it out of there in time, they would be in deep trouble.
Now, she would have to leave Drakes Dominion Order and Frostwing Sect to deal with the problems.
They didn’t rest. Grace led them throughout the night, retreating to the same route they used when they came.
They had earned treasures that would allow them to live the rest of their lives luxuriously, so there was no longer the need to put their lives at stake.
Furthermore, Grace was delighted since she obtained the Spirit Core and Dracan essence. Their temporary team did return from a rewarding journey indeed.
They spent the night without any lurking dangers. At the crack of dawn, they were back at the borders of the oasis.
###Chapter 2018 by Marina Vittori
Fortunately, Grace’s assistant, Osley, just happened to arrive with lots of supplements.
After a brief rest, they departed again. After three days, they finally made it out of the Deadlands in the afternoon of the third day. They were back at Dusthaven Village, where they had briefly stayed before.
They had been particularly cautious in the past three days. They tossed and turned in their sleep, worried about the possible dangers they might encounter on their journey,
They were finally relieved once they were back at Dusthaven Village.
“It’s getting late now, so we’ll stay here tonight. If you’re in a hurry to go somewhere else, please go ahead,” Grace at the village entrance. “Now, if you’ll excuse me.”
After that, she stayed at the inn she had reserved with her envoy team.
Since they had accomplished their mission, it was about time for their team members to go their separate ways.
All of them benefited from the journey, and each of them was loaded with plenty of treasure. Now, they would just leave each other alone and part ways.
“Dustin, I need to talk to you. Can we go somewhere else?”
Just as Dustin was about to leave, Sophia stopped him. She was looking particularly shy and coy. Anyone could tell what she was trying to say.
“I’m tired. Just say it here,” Dustin answered nonchalantly.
Frankly, he disliked her.
“Alright, then I’ll get straight to the point,” Sophia said with a sweet smile.
“Dustin, you’re talented and strong. The Harmony Sect needs someone like you. So, I just wanna know if you’re interested in joining us?
“If you do, I can assure you that you’ll be given the ultimate treatment in the sect. All your demands will be fulfilled!”
“Sorry, I’m not interested,” Dustin immediately refused.
He turned and prepared to take his leave.
“Wait!”
Sophia was obviously flustered. She blocked his way and smiled sheepishly as she continued, “Dustin, don’t be hasty. Let me finish, okay?”
She added, Most of the disciples at Harmony Sect are all women, and they’re all stunning. Some of them excel in the ways of the bedroom. I can assure you that you’ll live your life to the fullest if you join us.”
All the bystanders were leering at her words. They were envious.
It was known that the Harmony Sect mainly took in female disciples, and they had exceptionally high requirements for their appearance and talent.
The elites in the three major sects in the southwest would be proud of marrying a Harmony Sect disciple.
It was every man’s dream to join the Harmony Sect. Given Dustin’s strength, all the other disciples would be leering at him once he joined the sect. He wouldn’t have to worry about spending the night alone.
The thought of this was utterly thrilling.
Usually, it was hard for a man to reject a gorgeous woman. Sophia was certain any man wouldn’t turn down her offer when she hadn’t been beating around the bush.
“Are you done?” Dustin asked, his calm gaze bored into Sophia. He wasn’t losing his composure at all.
“Dustin, if you’re not satisfied with what I said, why don’t we spend some time talking again later tonight?”
Sophia drawled, flashing a suggestive smile at him.
She seemed coy as her face was painted with a shade of red. She wasn’t even beating around the bush-she was literally throwing the invitation at him.
“No need for that. I’m not interested in the Harmony Sect at all. Goodbye,” Dustin said with a stoic expression.
Without a trace of hesitation, he turned and took his leave. Not only was Sophia dumbfounded, but the bystanders were equally stunned.
She was well aware that her appearance was stunning. No man could refuse her once she talked to them in a honeyed tone and shot them several suggestive glances.
Yet, Dustin seemed like he hadn’t been paying attention to her since the beginning. He completely ignored her, and his expression had been stoic. Was he even a man?
###Chapter 2019 by Marina Vittori
“Hmph! He’s just putting on a show! What’s so impressive?” Garrett grumbled under his breath as he watched Dustin’s receding figure.
A man wouldn’t reject the advances of a beautiful woman who approached willingly. Garrett believed that Dustin was merely putting on a noble act, presenting one side while hiding his true intentions in the shadows.
However, while he was displeased, he dared not act recklessly due to the significant gap in strength between them.
After muttering to himself, he departed with the members of the Black Scorpion Squad. Their expedition to the Deadlands this time had resulted in heavy losses.
Fortunately, they managed to secure a considerable amount of treasure. After selling their loot, it would undoubtedly leave them with wealth enough to last a lifetime.
“Seems like you got the wrong idea, Sophia. Dustin was never interested in you,” a disciple from the Embersteel Order mocked.
Sophia was undeniably beautiful but had a nasty character, marked by a malicious personality. Getting entangled with a woman like her would only lead to trouble.
“Hmph!” Sophia’s smile vanished, replaced by a cold expression.
Her attempts to use her charm on Dustin had failed repeatedly, fueling not just her anger but also a tinge of resentment. She refused to accept that she couldn’t capture a man’s heart.
“Sophia, it’s likely that Dustin’s heart already belongs to someone else. Moreover, he doesn’t even take the Drakes Dominion Order seriously with his abilities, let alone our sects,” Jackson reminded her.
Five years ago, Jackson fell for Sophia at first sight and couldn’t get her out of his head.
He was even so shameless as to beg his master to propose on his behalf. After paying a considerable price, the marriage proposal was finally accepted.
While he felt uncomfortable seeing Sophia’s attitude toward Dustin, he didn’t want to force anything on her.
It was reasonable for Sophia to be interested in someone as talented as Dustin, but they were worlds apart. A prodigy like Dustin was beyond the reach of a small sect like Harmony Sect.
“Sophia!” Right then, a voice called out from behind them.
When they turned, they saw a group of women dressed in Harmony Sect uniforms enter briskly.
At the forefront was a charming middle -aged woman adorned in lavish attire. She had the bearing of a strong, confident woman, causing onlookers to hesitate to meet her gaze directly.
Following closely behind her were two formidable-looking elderly ladies and a group of women spanning various ages.
They were the elites of Harmony Sect, and the middle-aged woman leading the group was none other than the sect leader, Bertha Peach.
While Bertha wasn’t one of the top martial artists in the Southwest, she was a grandmaster with a substantial reputation in the martial world.
“Master Peach? You’re finally here!” Sophia lit up in joy when she noticed the newcomers and hurriedly went to greet her.
“I immediately brought people over as soon as I received your call for help. Unfortunately, I couldn’t reach you all this time, so I had to wait in Dusthaven Village.
“How are you? Are you hurt?” Bertha examined her disciple, looking worried.
Sophia was her personal disciple and also the future successor of the Harmony Sect. Bertha had trained her since childhood, giving her special attention and guidance.
That was why Bertha was particularly concerned about her.
“Thank you for your concern, Master Peach, but I’m fine. There was no signal in the Deadlands, and we also encountered many challenges along the way. I’m sorry I didn’t get the chance to inform you,” Sophia explained.
“It’s okay. Everything is fine as long as you’re safe.”
Bertha smiled and then asked, “Oh, by the way, where are your juniors? Why haven’t I seen any of them?”
###Chapter 2020 by Marina Vittori
“They… didn’t make it!” Sophia choked back her tears. Filled with grief, she briefly recounted the events.
“So you’re saying that the Fantasy Sea Alliance ambushed your group for treasure?” Bertha’s expression turned cold instantly.
“That’s right! They were greedy and heartless. They took advantage of their numbers and slaughtered everyone.”
Sophia burst into tears by the end of it.
“Those damned bastards! How dare they kill our people? I’m going to make them pay a heavy price one day!”
Bertha seethed, gritting her teeth.
The disciples she dispatched as their trial had been Harmony Sect elites. Naturally, she was devastated to find that almost all of them were dead.
“If it weren’t for Jackson and his group intervening, I would have joined them too!” Sophia sobbed.
“Jackson, thank you for saving my disciple. Harmony Sect is indebted to the Embersteel Order,” Bertha expressed her gratitude.
“You’re welcome, Master Peach. Our sects have always been on good terms. Sophia is also my fiancée, so it’s only natural for me to help her in times of trouble.” Jackson said with a slight nod of the head.
“Good! I knew I had a good eye!” Bertha nodded in satisfaction.
She continued, “Oh, by the way, your master and his group arrived just this morning. They’re currently staying right at the edge of this village. You should hurry and go check on them.”
“Thank you for the reminder, Master Peach. We’ll take our leave now!” Jackson nodded again before heading toward the edge of the village with the rest of his group.
With so many valuable treasures on them, they would only be completely safe after reuniting with the elites of their sect.
“Sophia, since you were in the Deadlands for so long, was there anything you brought back?” an elderly woman with gray hair asked suddenly.
She was none other than the elder of Harmony Sect, Madam Pauline.
Sophia lowered her voice, “Madam Pauline, I did indeed bring back substantial gains this time. It should be enough to make our sect stronger.”
“Oh? Is that so?” Everyone perked up instantly.
Although Harmony Sect had suffered heavy losses this time, it might not be a bad thing if they were able to secure a substantial amount of treasures.
“Master Peach, Madam Pauline, please, take a look.” Sophia brought down two large bags from the camel’s back and opened them up carefully, revealing a variety of treasures.
When they noticed the contents, everyone lit up in joy. Inside the two bags were dozens of priceless treasures. If they were converted to cash, it would be enough to cover their expenses for decades to come.
“Well done! Excellent job!” Pauline was delighted, and everyone else was equally ecstatic.
“Sophia! You’ve made a significant contribution to Harmony Sect this time! When we return, I’ll make sure to reward you generously!” Bertha said with a smile.
“Master Peach, these are nothing. I’ve kept the truly invaluable pieces on me.” As Sophia spoke, she gently patted the water bottles hanging on her body.
She had a total of eight large water bottles hanging on her, with each bottle filled to the brim with Soul Elixir.
The Soul Elixirs were far more valuable than the jewels, possibly by a hundredfold or more!
“Sophia, are those water bottles carrying something else?” Bertha probed.
“Master Peach, why don’t you try drinking it and see for yourself?” With a faint smile, Sophia opened one of them and handed it to Bertha.
Bertha received the bottle and took a sip. Moments later, her body began to tremble.
Her eyes widened in shock, and her voice quivered when she asked, “Is… Is this the legendary Soul Elixir?”
###Chapter 2021 by Marina Vittori
“What? Soul Elixir?”
The Harmony Sect members were shocked.
For martial artists, Soul Elixir was considered a highly coveted treasure for cultivation. With enough of it, even an ordinary martial artist could progress rapidly and break through to the realm of a grandmaster.
Unfortunately, Soul Elixir was an exceedingly rare precious substance, typically only found in the most extraordinary treasures of nature. Obtaining it was also an arduous process involving intricate refinement and purification.
It wasn’t an exaggeration to claim that even a single drop of Soul Elixir was worth a fortune, and a small bottle of it could potentially spark a bloodbath.
If Sophia’s water bottles contained Soul Elixir, the disciples couldn’t even begin to imagine their value.
“You’re right, Master Peach. These bottles are indeed filled with Soul Elixir, and it’s not just one bottle either. I have eight of them!” Sophia revealed.
“Eight… Eight big bottles of Soul Elixir? “Bertha was stunned that her hands trembled slightly.
The rest of the disciples also doubted their hearing, expressing disbelief.
If all the bottles contained Soul Elixir, it would present an unparalleled opportunity for Harmony Sect. With the precious substance, the sect could easily elevate itself to the status of a first-tier sect!
“Excellent! This is incredible! With the Soul Elixir, Harmony Sect will finally rise to prominence!”
“Sophia! You truly are our lucky star!”
“Starting today, I declare you as the successor to the sect leader. You shall enjoy the same privileges as the elders! “Bertha was overjoyed. In her excitement, she declared Sophia as the successor.
The elders and guardians had no ions to her decision since Sophia was Harmony Sect’s most talented disciple and would eventually replace the sect leader.
With her significant contribution today, her position was even more secure. Bertha was merely acknowledging her future role ahead of time.
“Thank you, Master Peach! I will make sure to work my hardest for Harmony Sect going forward!” Sophia lit up and bowed respectfully.
She knew she wouldn’t be able to monopolize the treasures alone, and it would be better to hand them over to her sect. That way, she would not only earn merit but also receive special treatment.
“Excellent! I knew you were special!” Bertha patted Sophia’s shoulder, feeling gratified.
With the amount of Soul Elixir that Sophia brought back, Bertha could finally break through the constraints that had hindered her progress for several years.
“Master Peach, there is something else I wish to report.”
Sophia seemed to have remembered something and continued, “Even though I gained a lot on this journey, the best treasure was taken by someone else.”
“Oh? By who?” Bertha’s gaze hardened.
“She’s only known by her last name, Linsor. I don’t have information on her background, but she doesn’t seem to be from the Southwest.
“She also has a very formidable bodyguard with her. He’s a young grandmaster and is much more skilled than the leader of Frostwing Sect,” Sophia reported solemnly.
“A young grandmaster who is even stronger than the leader of Frostwing Sect?” Bertha frowned.
Although she was also a grandmaster, she was weaker than Alexander, the Frostwing Sect’s leader.
If the young grandmaster could defeat Alexander, he definitely wasn’t someone Harmony Sect could easily provoke.
“Master, I think we should rope in that young grandmaster. With him on our side, we won’t just gain a significant ally, but we could even seize the treasure from Linsor,” Sophia whispered.
“Good idea. If a young grandmaster like him were to join us, we would only stand to benefit.” Bertha nodded in agreement.
She then asked, “Sophia, do you already have a good plan in mind?”
“I wouldn’t claim it’s a good plan, but I could try. As long as I can capture his heart, there’s no doubt he’ll be on our side,” Sophia said with a meaningful smile.
She believed Dustin had rejected her earlier because there was a crowd, and he wasn’t willing to show that side of him in public. Therefore, she intended to make a more private attempt. She was confident in her charms and was sure that no man could resist her with a little scheming.
“Excellent! I’ll leave this matter to you. It’ll be great if it works, but if it doesn’t, we’ll find another way.”
With Sophia’s outstanding looks and figure, Bertha was confident that she would be successful in her seduction.
“Sophia, I’m curious. What exactly is the treasure that woman possesses?” Pauline asked suddenly.
“It’s a Spirit Core!”
Sophia kept her tone mysterious, “The Spirit Core was created by the vitality of a large amount of Soul Elixir and can continuously generate spiritual energy. Its value is a thousand times greater than the Soul Elixir we have on hand!”
“A Spirit Core?” Upon hearing this, everyone’s expressions shifted dramatically, and their breaths became rapid.
With the Soul Elixir already an exceptionally precious treasure, the Spirit Core, claimed to be even better, would be the true invaluable treasure.
If they could bring it back to Harmony Sect, they would be able to train many martial arts experts within just ten years.
Some of the elders might even get the chance to break through to the level of a grandmaster, turning Harmony Sect into the strongest sect in Southwest.
“Sophia, are you sure?” Bertha asked in a lowered voice.
“Absolutely, I saw it with my own eyes. That woman pulled the most weight but only took the Spirit Core. It must be an extraordinary item.” Sophia nodded seriously.
“Who else knows about the Spirit Core? “Bertha asked again.
“Many people saw it, but I doubt many recognize its significance,” Sophia explained.
“Excellent! Keep this matter discreet for now. Try your best to win over that young grandmaster. No matter the outcome, leave the rest to me!” Bertha whispered.
“Understood!” Sophia responded.
“Enough standing around. Hurry and make preparations. There’s likely to be a significant battle tonight.” Bertha narrowed her eyes, a murderous glint flashing through them.
At that moment, she had already decided to resort to violence for the treasure.
While the Soul Elixir was valuable, it would eventually be depleted. However, the Spirit Core was different. It could provide a continuous source of spiritual energy for martial artists to cultivate.
It was just like an endless treasure trove. A treasure like that was compelling enough for her to consider risking the entire Harmony Sect to obtain it.
###Chapter 2022 by Marina Vittori
Night soon fell, and back at the inn, Grace’s team of guards returned to their rooms to rest after dinner. However, just to be safe, two groups stayed behind to patrol the area.
They had been physically and mentally exhausted during their time in the Deadlands. Now that they’ve come out from that place, they could finally get a good night’s sleep.
In one of the rooms on the second floor, Dustin took a refreshing hot bath before sitting on the bed with his eyes closed to recuperate. Their mission this time was finally complete.
As for the treasures, Dustin was not slightly interested in them. All he took was a bottle of Soul Elixir. He had never tried it before, and he was purely curious about the taste.
At his level, he would not be able to benefit greatly from it.
Not to mention, he still possessed the greatest treasure in the martial world, the Celestial Pearl, which allowed him to cultivate at an astonishing speed. That was why he wasn’t particularly crazy about the Soul Elixir.
In fact, consuming too much Soul Elixir could burden the body. In a sense, it was a way to prematurely use up the body’s potential.
Although Soul Elixir could boost cultivation and help in breaking through the realms in a short amount of time, it was an unstable advancement.
Without the proper conditioning, they would easily go to extremes in training. Moreover, they would be weaker than those who achieved a breakthrough through their own efforts.
However, these drawbacks were often overshadowed by the benefits of Soul Elixir. Just the fact that it could enhance cultivation and extend one’s lifespan was enough to make it an irresistible temptation.
After all, it was a challenge for many martial artists to achieve a significant breakthrough in their lives.
Using the Soul Elixir to break through the realms and enhance their cultivation would be like a dream come true.
With his eyes still closed, Dustin heard a knock on the door. Opening it, he was greeted by Sophia, wearing a charming smile.
She was dressed in a silver miniskirt and showcased her long and slender legs adorned in black pantyhose. Her makeup accentuated her beauty, giving her a seductive allure.
Sophia already had an above-average figure and appearance. After taking extra care to enhance her looks, she looked even better, radiating an irresistible charm.
“Are you looking for me?” Dustin scrutinized Sophia, betraying no emotion.
While she was attractive, she still fell short compared to the top ten stunning women on the Beauty Ranking. Grace, in particular, held an unparalleled charm even without revealing her face.
“Dustin, I have something to talk to you about. Can I come in for a moment? “Sophia asked with a smile. She tucked strands of hair behind her ear as she spoke, adding a seductive touch to her movements.
“Sorry, it’s not convenient inside. If you have something to say, let’s discuss it here,” Dustin replied impassively.
“It’s not convenient?” Sophia blinked suggestively. “Are you hiding someone inside and are afraid others might see?”
“Sophia, I’m a little tired and would like to rest early. If you have something to say, please go ahead.” Dustin maintained his indifference.
“Come on, don’t be so cold.” Sophia appeared aggrieved.
She continued, “Can’t you sense my intentions when I’m here this late at night? From the first moment I met you, I’ve been captivated by your unparalleled charm. Every time I close my eyes, all I see is you. Tell me, what should I do?”
###Chapter 2023 by Marina Vittori
As Sophia spoke, she gradually closed the distance and touched Dustin’s robust chest. Her bright eyes glowed subtly, emanating an enchanting allure capable of ensnaring one’s soul.
For ordinary martial artists, just a mere glance was enough to succumb to its captivating influence. This was Harmony Sect’s distinctive Art of Seduction, Blushing Intoxication.
The reason Harmony Sect was able to prosper in the Southwest for so many years was closely tied to the practice of this seductive art.
The more beautiful one was, the higher their proficiency in this art, and the more irresistibly they attracted men.
Sophia had been honing Blushing Intoxication since young, perfecting it over more than a decade.
Coupled with her exceptional figure and looks, few men could resist her charm. Even someone like Jackson from the Embersteel Order couldn’t escape her seductive technique and fell victim to her enchantment.
Sophia believed that if Dustin harbored any affection, or even the slightest desire, she could seize the opportunity and break through his mental defenses, completely captivating him.
“Hey, are you done flirting? If so, go back and rest. Don’t disturb my sleep.”
Dustin remained indifferent in the face of Sophia’s suggestive gestures, his expression even betraying a hint of disgust.
“Huh?” Sophia’s smile stiffened, and she found herself at a loss. Her Art of Seduction had a 100% success rate. Even the most resolute men would show signs of desire when sne teased them.
However, Dustin remained cold as ice, resisting temptation and casting a disdainful gaze at her.
It was an unprecedented situation for her.
“Dustin, I’m lonely and scared to be left alone at night. Can you keep me company?” Sophia feigned vulnerability, transitioning from her previous sexy allure to a pitiable demeanor.
“No,” Dustin snapped.1
“Uh…” Sophia was stumped.
Despite displaying her seductive techniques to the extreme, Dustin showed no signs of desire.
Sophia began to doubt her desirability. How was it that her usually foolproof Blushing Intoxication had no effect on Dustin?
Sophia wondered if he wasn’t interested in women. Yes, That must be it! Only gay men would remain indifferent to her.
Sophia finally realized why her tricks had been ineffective against Dustin. He must have a special preference.
“Dustin, to be honest, Harmony Sect not only has beautiful female disciples but also some handsome male disciples as well.
“If that’s your preference, I can arrange for them to come up, and you can take your pick.” Sophia gave him a knowing smile.
“Huh?” Dustin frowned, finally losing his patience.
“Sophia, let me be clear. I’m not interested in men, and especially not in you. I don’t care what you’re planning, but you’d better abandon them. Now, please leave!”
As soon as he finished speaking, a subtle quiver ran through Dustin’s body, and a powerful surge of energy pushed Sophia several steps backward, nearly causing her to lose her balance.
Dustin then slammed the door shut and retreated to his bed. After receiving the cold shoulder, Sophia’s once amiable expression grew dark and hostile.
She had put in her utmost effort, including compromising her dignity. Yet, Dustin ignored her completely and kicked her out instead.
She felt humiliated.
“Fine! Since you’d rather do it this way, we have no choice but to play rough!” Sophia clenched her fists and left angrily.
###Chapter 2024 by Marina Vittori
Dustin had just slammed the door and was about to climb into bed to meditate when he noticed a woman in his room.
The woman wore a veil and a hood, obscuring her features, leaving only her lively eyes visible. She gave off an air of graceful nobility that was hard to look away from.
She was none other than Grace.
“Hmm? When did you come in?” Dustin was puzzled and slightly surprised. He had been preoccupied with Sophia and didn’t notice when Grace entered.
“Dustin, I’m lonely and scared to be left alone at night. Can you keep me company?” Grace teased, imitating Sophia’s tone.
“Can you be more serious? You’re a princess, for god’s sake…” Dustin rolled his eyes.
Grace laughed. “Oh, Dustin, I didn’t expect you to be so popular with the girls. Even beautiful women are willingly offering themselves to you.”
She added, “If it had been me, I would have taken advantage of the opportunity. After all, there’s no harm in accepting, or do you prefer to have them suspect you of having different preferences.”
“Do you think I’m that easy?” Dustin chuckled dryly.
He then poured two cups of tea and handed the first cup to Grace. “Alright, tell me. What brings you here at this late hour?”
“Nothing much. I just wanted to let you know we’ve been targeted,” Grace said.
She brought the cup of tea to her lips and blew on it gently before continuing, “Earlier, when Mr. Will was patrolling, he noticed someone lurking around our inn and acting suspiciously. They’re clearly up to no good.”
“Oh? Is that so?”
Dustin walked to the window. Gently lifting a corner of the curtain, he peeked outside. As expected, he noticed several people lingering around their inn. They seemed to be spying on them.
“Who are these people?” Dustin asked.
“We’re not sure for now, but it’s highly possible that they’re targeting our treasures. Anyway, be careful tonight. Don’t fall victim to their scheming.” Grace took a sip of her tea.
“Hmph! They must be tired of living for daring to target us!” Dustin said with narrowed eyes.
He had already sensed something was wrong since Sophia’s visit, and he was now certain that this matter had something to do with her.
A group of Harmony Sect elite fighters, led by Bertha, had gathered in the main hall of a private residence, awaiting news.
Not long after, Sophia walked in with a gloomy expression.
After greeting Bertha, she reported helplessly, “Master Peach, my seductive tactics failed. That young grandmaster was so stubborn and disregarded me completely.”
“To become a grandmaster, one must possess superior mental strength and resilience compared to ordinary individuals. It’s normal that Blushing Intoxication had no effect on him.”
Bertha nodded, seemingly expecting tine outcome.
She continued, “Don’t dwell on it too much. I’ve already planned our next steps that are guaranteed to be foolproof.”
“Oh? May I know what your plan is, Master Peach?” Sophia was curious.
“I’ve already reached out to various factions, including the Embersteel Order, to form an alliance and seize the treasure together. After our success, we’d only take the Spirit Core, leaving the lesser gains for our allies,” Bertha said, confident with her plan.
“Great idea!” Sophia’s eyes lit up.
“We’ll allow them to face the risks ahead while we wait to reap the benefits. This way, we not only minimize our losses but also maximize our gains.”
“Relying solely on our combined forces may not be enough. That is why I’ve prepared Tranqurin specifically to deal with that young grandmaster.”
As Bertha explained, she took out a black porcelain bottle from her pocket.
She continued with a cold smile, “With this treasure, even if that young grandmaster has incredible skills, it won’t help him at all!”
###Chapter 2025 by Marina Vittori
Tranqurin was a colorless and tasteless drug. It was famous in the martial world and specifically used to restrain grandmasters.
Anyone who was affected by it would become powerless. Unable to muster the slightest internal energy, they would be at the complete mercy of others.
“I didn’t expect you to be so well- prepared, Master Peach. This is great!” Sophia was ecstatic.
“With this bottle of Tranqurin, our plan will succeed for sure!”
Dustin was the greatest threat among Grace’s team. As long as they dealt with him, the rest of the group would be easy prey.
“Master Peach, people from the Embersteel Order are here!” a Harmony Sect disciple announced as he entered.
“Hurry up and invite them in.” Bertha lit up and gestured for the disciple to bring them to her.
Soon, led by the Harmony Sect disciple, a group of around ten people entered briskly.
At the forefront of the group was a burly, middle-aged man wielding a golden broadsword. He had a rugged appearance and an imposing presence.
As he strode through the room, his overpowering presence forced the Harmony Sect disciples to retreat backward.
The person in question was none other than Chester Newberry, the leader of the Embersteel Order.
“Chester, long time no see. I trust you’ve been well?” Bertha smiled as she led the Harmony Sect team forward to pay their respects.
Chester far surpassed her in both strength and prestige, making it only natural for her to extend courtesy.
“Bertha, we’re old friends, and our disciples often get married to each other. There’s no need for formalities. If you need anything, just say the word. We will never refuse!” Chester chuckled with confidence.
Every year, Harmony Sect would send two beautiful female disciples for his enjoyment and for the practice of the dual cultivation method.
Now that the Harmony Sect was in trouble, it was only right that he helped out.
“Excellent! Your cooperation brings me relief.”
Bertha nodded and went straight to the point. “I invited you over today to seek your collaboration in securing treasure.
She added, “I trust you’re aware that, aside from our two sects, another faction reaped the most benefits from the journey within the Deadlands.”
“Are you referring to the group led by Ms. Linsor?” Chester raised an eyebrow.
His chief disciple, Jackson, had already recounted the events of their journey to him. Hence, he had a certain understanding regarding Ms. Linsor and the grandmaster, Rhys.
“That’s right!” Bertha nodded.
She then whispered, “The treasures we acquired were nothing compared to the real treasures snatched by that Linsor woman. I believe we should reclaim them!”
“To be honest, I share the same intention. The Southwest is our territory. We shouldn’t let outsiders take advantage.”
Then, he added contemplatively, ” However, I heard that Grandmaster Rhys is extremely formidable. It won’t be easy to take him on.”
According to Jackson’s description, Dustin’s skills surpassed even Alexander’s. Even if he joined forces with Bertha, it would not be a guaranteed victory.
“You don’t need to worry about that Chester. I’ve made preparations.”
Bertha smiled and handed him a black medicinal bottle.
“Is this… Tranqurin?” Chester’s expression brightened as he recognized the substance inside.
“Excellent! With this precious bottle and our combined forces, we’ll definitely succeed!”
###Chapter 2026 by Marina Vittori
Chester wouldn’t have dared to act recklessly without the Tranqurin.
Now that they had this precious bottle in hand and the support of numerous highly skilled fighters from the Embersteel Order and Harmony Sect, it would be enough to take Dustin and his group down.
“After we succeed, we’ll split the spoils evenly between our sects. What do you think?” Bertha asked with a smile.
“No problem!” Chester agreed readily.
Naturally, he wouldn’t refuse such a good opportunity where they would only need to take the smallest risk to gain the greatest benefit.
“Wait!” Jackson, who was standing behind them, suddenly spoke up.
“Master Newberry, Dustin and Ms. Linsor were once our partners. We’re also indebted to them. I don’t think it’s appropriate to plot against them.”
Jackson always had a clear sense of morality and gratitude. If it weren’t for Dustin and Grace’s protection throughout their journey in the Deadlands, they would have been long dead, let alone acquire treasure.
He found their actions despicable for repaying kindness with enmity upon leaving the Deadlands.
“Why would it be inappropriate? They’re strangers to us. Nothing we do would be considered extreme.”
Chester added with righteousness, ” Besides, the martial world is inherently a survival of the fittest. They greedily hoarded so many treasures and don’t have the means to keep them safe anyway.
“Even if we don’t act, other forces would covet them. Those forces might even resort to violence. We only seek their treasures, not their life. We are already doing them a favor.”
“But Master, you’ve taught us to be upright and to have a clear conscience from a young age. Look at our actions now. How are we any different from those despicable people?” Jackson argued reasonably.
“How dare you!” Chester flew into a rage and slapped Jackson.
He yelled, “You’ve gotten bolder after traveling around for a few days. How dare you talk back to me? Have you lost all respect for me?”
“I’m just telling the truth.” Jackson was indignant.
“You-!” Chester was furious and raised his hand to slap him again.
However, Bertha stopped him and advised, “Calm down, Chester. Jackson is still young and doesn’t know better. He just needs proper guidance.”
“Hmph! This kid hasn’t seen me in a while, and now he doesn’t even obey orders!” Chester grumbled.
“Chester, let me try talking to him.”
Bertha gave Chester a knowing look and smiled at Jackson. “Jackson, the martial arts world is not as simple as you think. Not everything has a clear distinction between right and wrong.
“Your master’s actions are all aimed at strengthening your sect and protecting disciples like you.
“It wasn’t easy for Embersteel Order to achieve their current standing, and your master has shouldered a significant burden of it.
“As the chief disciple and the future leader of Embersteel Order, you should be more understanding of your master.
“Everything he does is to pave the way for you and the development of your sect. I hope you understand the intentions behind his decisions.
“Also, I’d like to let you know that once we complete this operation, we’ll thoroughly prepare for your wedding with Sophia, solidifying your union as a family.
“I’m willing to allocate a substantial share of the treasures acquired this time as Sophia’s dowry. You won’t refuse, will you?” By the end of her message, Bertha was patting Jackson’s shoulder, smiling knowingly.
“I…” Jackson was momentarily at a loss for words, unsure of how to respond. He really liked Sophia and couldn’t wait to get married to her, his firm conviction beginning to falter under Bertha’s proposition.
“Jackson, for my sake and the sake of our sects, can’t you just agree?” Sophia coquettishly tugged at Jackson’s arm, swaying gently.
Jackson was about to say something but ultimately chose to remain silent.
“Jackson, if you don’t say anything, I’m assuming you agree!” Sophia pushed her luck.
“Jackson, if you don’t like it, you can choose not to participate in this operation. Go back and rest,” Chester said coldly.
“Then I’ll be taking my leave!” Jackson bowed slightly and left right after. In the end, he couldn’t bring himself to go against his principles and engage in vengeful actions.
“Chester, your chief disciple is too upright. I’m afraid he’s going to have a difficult journey ahead.” Bertha sighed as she watched Jackson leave.
“He’s always been like that. Without experiencing bloodshed, he wouldn’t understand the dangers of the martial world.” Chester shook his head helplessly.
“Sophia, take the time to get to know each other better. After all, we’ll be family in the future,” Bertha advised.
“I understand.” Sophia nodded slightly.
Since she couldn’t capture someone as remarkable as Dustin, Sophia could only settle for Jackson. Even so, Jackson was already considered outstanding among the younger generation.
What mattered most was that Jackson was easy to manipulate, allowing her better control over him.
“Bertha, let’s discuss the specific plan. When should we act?” Chester steered the conversation back to the topic at hand.
“There’s no rush. We’ll wait until it’s late at night and they’re all asleep. We can make our move then,” Bertha said with a smile.
Even with Tranqurin in hand, she dared not be overconfident to prevent mistakes.
As the night deepened, most of the lights in the inn had been extinguished. Dustin sat on his bed in the darkness, resting with his eyes closed.
After Grace’s warning, he had been on guard. However, he wasn’t concerned about ordinary thieves.
Right then, Dustin heard a subtle sharp whistle from outside the window, and his eyes opened abruptly.
Soon after, it was followed by the sound of a deep thud as a hidden arrow pierced through the glass and embedded itself on the wall inside his room.
Attached to the end of the hidden arrow was a rolled-up piece of paper.
Dustin walked up to it and retrieved the paper. Four large words on it read, ” Beware of an ambush!”
Dustin turned around and glanced outside the window, where he caught sight of a familiar figure flashing by.
“Jackson?” Dustin raised an eyebrow in surprise.
He wasn’t sure who had been lurking around suspiciously outside earlier, but it now seemed like it was someone related to the Embersteel Order and Harmony Sect.
Otherwise, Jackson wouldn’t have needed to send a warning discreetly. Regardless, it appeared like Dustin was destined to have a sleepless night tonight.
###Chapter 2027 by Marina Vittori
In the wee hours of the morning, a group of individuals dressed in black encircled the inn. With light movements, they moved without a sound.
Resembling a pack of wolves hunting for prey, they were cautious, stealthy, and filled with the intent to kill.
Currently, there were two guards stationed at the main entrance of the inn. However, they failed to notice anything unusual due to the darkness.
Suddenly, a gentle breeze wafted through, carrying a faint mist with a unique fragrance.
Moments later, the two guards felt dizzy. Before they knew it, their vision went dark, and they collapsed onto the ground.
After dealing with the two vigilant guards, the elite fighters from the Embersteel Order and Harmony Sect, dressed in all black, swiftly surrounded the inn.
To avoid alerting anyone, they continued the use of drugs to clear their path instead of launching a direct assault, spraying the sedative mist through door and window slits of every room.
The sedatives were Harmony Sects’ secret concoction. While scarce, they were extremely potent. Even divine- level martial artists would be incapacitated once exposed to it.
“Chester, how is it going?” After administering the sedatives, the two factions met in the corridor to exchange information.
“The small fry have all been knocked out. Now, we just need to deal with that grandmaster,” Chester whispered.
“I’ve gathered information. Dustin’s room is located on the far eastern side of the second floor. I’ll administer Tranqurin shortly while you seize the opportunity to inflict significant damage.
“We should be done after that!” Bertha whispered back.
“Understood.” Chester nodded. Bertha fell silent and made a gesture, leading a few highly skilled individuals with her upstairs. They moved stealthily.
Chester and his group followed closely behind, leaving most of their martial artists downstairs to handle any unexpected situations.
Only semi-grandmasters were allowed to head up with them. Both Chester and Bertha were grandmasters, and they were further backed by six semi-grandmasters.
Together, their combined forces would prove more than enough to deal even with Damien, the number one martial artist in the Southwest.
The group held their breath as they ascended the stairs quietly to the second floor, halting outside the room at the far east.
After exchanging a nod with Chester, Bertha carefully pulled out a bamboo tube from her pocket and inserted it under the door crack, giving a gentle blow.
A semi-transparent mist billowed out from the bamboo tube, entering the room and spreading rapidly.
The bamboo tube contained. Tranquirin, which Bertha had manipulated into a colorless and odorless mist. It was especially hard to detect at night.
After releasing Tranqurin, the group took out the masks they had prepared beforehand and covered their faces. At the same time, it would prevent them from inhaling the substance.
They waited at the door for three minutes until the effects fully kicked in when Bertha suddenly signaled, “Break in!”
Without hesitation, Chester forcefully kicked the door open, leading his skilled fighters as they charged into the room. However, halfway through, the unexpected sight inside left him stunned. The room was empty!
“What’s going on? Where is he?” Chester widened his eyes and turned back to Bertha, who had entered after him.
Bertha was equally puzzled, scanning the area with a bewildered expression, but there was no trace of Dustin anywhere.
“Bertha, did we get the wrong room?” Chester asked with a frown.
“Impossible!” Bertha denied it immediately.
“I sent Sophia to check earlier. Dustin is staying in this room.”
Bertha had always been careful. How would she make such a rookie mistake?
“Why is there no one here if he’s staying in this room? He can’t be answering nature’s call at this time, can he?” Chester snapped.
He cursed inwardly. They had been on edge the entire time, only to find the room empty. They had even wasted half a bottle of Tranqurin.
“Hey, are you looking for me?” An icy voice rang out from behind them. The group was startled and turned to look, only to find a newcomer by the door. That person was none other than their target-Dustin!
“How did you end up behind us?” Bertha was shocked and puzzled. Dustin’s elusive nature left her inexplicably uneasy.
“I was in the next room and heard a noise, so I came out to check,” Dustin responded indifferently.
Chester’s expression darkened at his words, and he gave Bertha a questioning glance.
He grumbled silently, “Didn’t you say you were sure you got the right room? Well, fuck, it turns out he was in the room next door! How incompetent!”
Dutin’s response made Bertha doubt herself. Did she really make a mistake?
What they didn’t know was that Dustin had already changed rooms early on to be on the safe side, and it appeared like he had been in luck.
“What are you still standing there for? Attack!” Bertha commanded sternly. Despite her misjudgment, she had to press forward at this point.
“Attack!” Two semi-grandmasters nearest to the door unsheathed their swords without hesitation and lunged at Dustin with ferocious slashes.
With the sudden attack at such a close range, even a grandmaster would find it challenging to react without prior preparation.
Two blades struck Dustin’s shoulders solidly. However, Dustin stood motionless, unaffected. Instead, the two blades were shattered on impact.
“What?” Staring at their broken blades, the two men were dumbfounded. Their precious blades were forged through countless refinements and were supposed to cut through everything like butter.
Yet, when they slashed at Dustin, they didn’t even manage to cut through his skin. Just how strong was his energy armor?
“Ignorant fools!” Dustin sneered before raising his hand and slapping them.
Two thunderous claps echoed, and the two men were sent flying more than 30 feet away. They crashed right through the walls and windows before falling heavily outside the inn.
Their bones had shattered, and blood spewed from their noses and mouths as they lay there on the brink of death.
###Chapter 2028 by Marina Vittori
“What?”
Everyone was astounded to witness Dustin sending the two semi- grandmasters flying with only two slaps.
After all, given their formidable skills, they definitely stood a chance against an ordinary grandmaster. Instead, a single encounter was all it took to leave them seriously injured.
This demonstrated Dustin’s terrifying strength and hinted that the rumors of him defeating Alexander, the Frostwing Sect’s leader, held some truth.
“Attack!”
Bertha and Chester shared a determined look before launching a simultaneous assault on Dustin from both sides.
Bertha, wielding the Harmony dual swords, employed deft and crafty moves.
Each strike of her blade targeted vital points, making it challenging to defend against. The execution resembled a butterfly dance. It was a lethal and mesmerizing display.
On the other hand, Chester wielded a golden broadsword capable of slicing through iron like butter. His weapon was a precious treasure passed down to him through generations in his sect.
Refined and cultivated by three successive sect leaders, it not only amplified one’s cultivation but also multiplied its power when paired with the exclusive blade techniques of the Embersteel Order.
Every move carried tremendous force, seemingly capable of shaking the Earth’s foundation. The sheer might of his strikes compelled even those more skilled than him to dodge his attacks.
As Bertha and Chester initiated their attacks, the remaining semi- grandmasters refused to be outdone and launched their assaults simultaneously.
From all directions, they converged on Dustin. In the face of their encirclement, Dustin suddenly stomped forcefully on the ground and shot into the sky like a cannonball, crashing through the roof and disappearing from sight.
“Where do you think you’re going?”
With their attacks missing their target, Bertha immediately soared into the air, passing through the hole in the roof, and chased after Dustin. Everyone else followed closely behind.
Upon exiting the inn, they found that Dustin hadn’t fled far. Instead, he was seen standing in the courtyard, waiting in silence.
“Surround him!”
On Bertha’s command, the figures of several skilled fighters flickered, forming yet another encirclement and trapping Dustin within.
Dustin was unfazed in the face of their movements. Standing with his hands behind his back, he wore a calm expression. He didn’t appear to take them seriously.
In fact, he had left the inn because he felt restrained by the confined space. He would inadvertently harm his allies if he lost control of his strength.
However, it was different now. Dustin was in a spacious courtyard with surrounding walls. It provided ample room for a proper battle.
“You’re from the Embersteel Order and Harmony Sect, aren’t you?”
Dustin glanced around and said coldly, “We have no grievances, so why this assassination attempt?”
“Huh?” The group was shocked to have their identities exposed.
They wore masks and were covered in all black, so how did Dustin recognize them?
“We’re here for the treasures. We might consider sparing your life if you surrender them without resistance!” Bertha growled.
“So, you’re here for treasure?”
Dustin shook his head as he responded, “It’s a pity. You’re too late. I’ve already shipped all my treasures away from here. I have nothing on me now.”
“Nothing?” Bertha snorted.
“Did you think we would believe you?”
Bertha had sent someone to monitor the inn the entire time. Nothing would have escaped her watchful eyes.
She was certain that nobody from Grace’s team had ever left the village.
“Kid, if you know what’s good for you, you’d hand over the treasures. It’s better for everyone that way. There’s no need to risk your life for worldly possessions!” Chester proclaimed, wielding his golden broadsword with a piercing gaze.
“Seems like there’s no way to settle this peacefully today.” Dustin’s momentum grew. “I never intended on resorting to violence, but if you push me, don’t blame me for being merciless.
Dustin desired no conflict, but he wasn’t afraid of it either. If these people retreated now, he could pretend nothing had happened. Otherwise, it would only lead to bloodshed. “Hmph! Obstinate fool!”
###Chapter 2029 by Marina Vittori
Bertha’s expression darkened. She then signaled Chester and the others with a glance, yelling, “Attack!”
Getting the signal, Chester yelled back, welding his golden broadsword and leaping toward Dustin.
At the same time, Betha seized the opportunity and closed in, wielding her Harmony dual swords and slashing at Dustin’s neck.
With two grandmasters leading the assault, the remaining semi- grandmasters showcased their skills, launching a barrage of attacks on Dustin.
In an instant, Dustin became the target of their combined onslaught.
However, Dustin neither evaded nor dodged. Instead, his body shook violently. Then, a powerful surge of energy armor erupted with a deafening roar, forming a semi-transparent shield.
The shield, responsive to the slightest disturbance, expanded rapidly, swelling to a radius of nine feet in the blink of an eye. Resembling a gigantic eggshell, it enveloped Dustin within.
The attacks from the group struck Dustin’s protective shield, creating a symphony akin to corn popping and generating a large amount of sparks.
Whether it was Chester’s broadsword, Bertha’s dual swords, or the rest of the semi-grandmaster’s attacks, they were all blocked by Dustin’s energy armor, leaving him completely unharmed.
“What?” Chester’s pupils contracted, and a look of surprise was etched on his face.
His strike against Dustin’s energy armor merely created a ripple on the shield. It did not inflict any substantial damage.
Dustin’s strength was astonishing if he could defend against their attacks without a weapon and rely solely on his inner cultivation.
“Chester, cover me! I have a way to break through his energy armor!”
Bertha shouted when she saw their attacks rendered ineffective.
Chester glanced at Bertha and raised his sword once more without hesitation, launching a frenzied assault.
This time, he exerted all of his strength, not holding back.
His muscles swelled as internal energy surged out of him like a tsunami wave, and the golden broadsword in his hands emitted a dazzling brilliance.
“18 Forms of the Golden Sword!”
Chester roared, waving his broadsword with both hands, unleashing the Embersteel Order’s strongest move.
18 Forms of the Golden Sword grew increasingly powerful with each form, possessing terrifying destructive force.
Once he unleashed it fully, it was invincible. It would even be strong enough to go against Damien, the top martial artist in the Southwest.
The only drawback was that he needed time to build it up. Nevertheless, it was the best choice against martial artists skilled in defense. Chester slashed at Dustin’s armor energy relentlessly, creating ripple after ripple.
“Frost Needle!”
While Chester kept Dustin occupied, Bertha suddenly flicked her hand. A blue needle made of ice shot out, piercing right through Dustin’s energy armor and aimed straight for the back of his head.
“Huh?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, sensing danger. He never expected Bertha to actually breach his energy armor. Dustin dared not be overconfident and immediately drew his Celestial Blade, placing it behind him.
As the blue ice needle struck the Celestial Blade, it shattered instantly and released a gust of cold air.
This freezing gust of air spread along the Celestial Blade and engulfed Dustin’s arm. With his arm and sword frozen, Dustin’s movements were temporarily hindered.
“This is the perfect opportunity!” Bertha’s eyes lit up.
She immediately took out the remaining half-bottle of Tranqurin and hurled it at Dustin’s face. It was a direct hit!
###Chapter 2030 by Marina Vittori
The moment Bertha exposed Dustin to Tranqurin, Chester’s 18 Forms of Golden Sword had reached its peak. Each strike was exceptionally fierce and unstoppable.
At that moment, with Dustin’s energy armor shattered, his sword and right arm frozen by ice, and Chester launching frenzied attacks, he could no longer evade Bertha’s sneak attack.
Dustin could only hold his breath.
The Tranqurin turned into a white mist, lingering around Dustin. Even though he held his breath in time, the white mist still entered his body through his skin and pores, spreading inward continuously.
“Hmph!” Dustin stomped on the ground forcefully, leaving the ground with a dent three inches deep.
A powerful surge of energy erupted from his body. For a moment, rocks and debris flew around, and strong winds howled.
Tranqurin instantly evaporated away, and even Chester, who was still launching continuous assaults, was pushed back by the energy wave, forcing him to stagger back several steps.
Bertha, on the other hand, was flung more than 30 feet away by the shockwave. Upon landing, she staggered several steps before barely regaining her foothold.
She felt as if a huge stone was pressed on her chest, and her blood and energy surged erratically within.
For a mere eruption of internal energy to have such tremendous power, Bertha had to admit that Dustin was much stronger than she had anticipated.
“Your inner cultivation is so strong. It seems like we’ve underestimated you.”
Bertha took in a deep breath, and a cold smile appeared on her lips. “However, it’s a pity. No matter how strong you are, you’ve been exposed to Tranqurin.
“Even if you manage to hold your breath, it will permeate your body through your skin. You must be feeling physically weak now, with your internal energy diminishing.”
“Well done, Bertha!” Chester burst out into laughter at Bertha’s words.
He added, “This kid is truly an odd one. The internal energy that surged out earlier was majestic. Thankfully, you had the wits to use Tranqurin. Otherwise, we would have been at a disadvantage if we clashed head-on.”
His 18 Forms of Golden Blade had reached its peak earlier. However, he still wasn’t able to take Dustin down. Instead, he was forced to retreat several steps back from Dustin’s surge of internal energy.
Had they continued the fight, they would have been in dire straits. However, the situation was different now. Dustin had been poisoned by Tranqurin. Even if he was highly gifted, he wouldn’t be able to muster even a fraction of his strength.
After all, Tranqurin was specially developed to be used against grandmasters and was extremely precious and rare.
At a critical moment, it even had the potential to reverse the situation.
“Did you really think you could take me down with this insignificant poison? If so, you’re too naive.” Dustin remained standing in place, expressionless.
“Drop the act. You’re now at your weakest. In a moment, you probably won’t even be able to stand. If you had any sense, you’d surrender immediately. Otherwise, you’ll only face death!” Bertha sneered.
“That’s right!”
With his golden broadsword resting on his shoulder, Chester said imposingly, ” Kid, it’s rare for someone as young as you to possess your level of cultivation.
“It’s a pity to kill off talent like you, so we’ve decided to give you a chance. As long as you surrender and hand over the treasures, we’ll let you go safely!”
“Hmph! Sounds nice, but once I hand over the treasures, I’ll probably be killed to keep things quiet!” Dustin snorted.
These so-called righteous sects would resort to any means necessary for their interests.
Since they haven’t secured the treasures, they harbored certain reservations. However, once Dustin handed them over, it would be the end of him.
People like them resorted to murder and betrayal, so how could they be trusted?
“You don’t have a choice. Agree to our demands, or we’ll have everyone in the inn killed with you!” Bertha barked.
“Seems like you’re certain to get me today.” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“Of course! Why else do you think I’m wasting my breath with you? I’m just waiting for the poison to take full effect.
“The longer we wait, the more advantageous it is for us. And you will only grow weaker and weaker.” Bertha gloated.
Even though Dustin had been exposed to Tranqurin, his strength wouldn’t dissipate instantly. If they rushed their attacks, he might even launch a counterattack before his demise.
###Chapter 2031 by Marina Vittori
It was different now. The slight delay in time was enough for the poison to take full effect.
Dustin was dead meat.
“Since you’re so confident, why don’t you make a move?” Dustin slowly raised his sword and pointed the tip toward Bertha.
“Don’t try to deceive me! I doubt you’re as powerful as you say!” Bertha leaped off the ground. Instantly, she attacked him at the speed of light.
With a flip of her hand, two sabers shot out. They stealthily slashed toward Dustin’s neck.
One with a keen eye would notice two specially-made steel wires attached to the saber handle.
“Bertha, let me help you!”
Just as Bertha attacked, Chester didn’t want to be left behind either. With a sudden leap, he summoned a powerful strike aimed at Dustin’s head.
The two attacked Dustin from the front and back. Each of their moves was deadly and with impeccable timing. Thus, this made it difficult to defend against both front and back assaults.
“Fools!” With a flick of Dustin’s wrist, Celestial Blade instantly shot out.
A black crescent-shaped sword aura fired out instantly.
The black sword aura expanded upon encountering the wind to about 32 feet long. It was like a gigantic, deadly sword, enveloping Bertha and Chester in it.
Bertha’s sabers were diced into fragments upon impact, as easy as cutting butter.
“What?” Bertha’s expression changed abruptly. Before she could think, an overwhelming sense of danger caused her to twist her body in mid-air.
When she dodged, the terrifying black sword aura brushed past her body.
Although she didn’t face it head-on, the sword’s chilling aura caused her to feel like she had fallen into an ice cellar. This caused goosebumps to appear all over her body.
If she hadn’t ducked in time, she was sure she would have been dismembered!
“Fuck!”
Although Bertha managed to get away, Chester was in danger. He didn’t expect Dustin’s sword aura to be that terrifying. After all, Dustin was still under the influence of Tranqurin. Yet, his attacks were absolutely shocking.
When Chester raised his broadsword, he was still in mid-air. Thus, he couldn’t dodge at all. He could only choose to stop attacking and defend himself.
He placed the golden broadsword in front of him and activated the internal energy in his body, creating a thick protective energy sphere.
With a huge explosion, the sword aura slashed onto the golden broadsword. Its tremendous power caused the golden broadsword to bend like a bow.
Faint cracks appeared on the broadsword that had undergone many fights.
At the same time, the energy in the sword’s aura exploded. It penetrated through the golden broadsword and heavily collided with Chester’s chest.
“Ah!” Chester screamed. He was thrown 30 feet away, and he spat out a mouthful of blood in midair. This caused a mist of blood to scatter down. Everyone was stunned.
###Chapter 2032 by Marina Vittori
“What?”
After seeing Chester being blown away by Dustin’s sword aura, the few elite martial artists opened their mouths wide in shock.
Chester was the leader of Embersteel Order and was one of the five ultimate grandmasters of the Southwest. Therefore, it didn’t take much to prove that he was extremely powerful.
Yet, Chester couldn’t even block a mere sword aura. How shocking.
Everyone wondered how powerful Dustin exactly was.
After being slammed to the ground, Chester’s body shuddered, and he spat out a mouthful of blood. His face was as pale as a sheet, and he couldn’t stand up.
“How… How could you? Aren’t you already poisoned by Tranqurin?”
Chester raised a finger tremblingly and pointed it toward Dustin. His face was filled with disbelief.
He had seen with his own eyes that Dustin had been poisoned by Tranqurin. At this moment, the drug should have shown its effect.
Under normal circumstances, Dustin should be weak and powerless right now. There was no way he could muster any powerful attacks.
However, Dustin’s attack just now was not weak at all. Instead, it was extremely powerful.
It was truly chilling!
Chester wondered what was going on. Although Dustin was under the influence of Tranqurin, he could still fight back so powerfully.
“What made you think I was poisoned by Tranqurin?”
Dustin held his sword with one hand and looked at him indifferently.
His body’s immunity to all poisons was enough to neutralize the drug’s effect, not to mention that his high cultivation level made him heedless of Tranqurin.
Except for the ten deadliest poisons, no drug could harm him in this world.
“You… You didn’t get poisoned?” Chester was stunned.
After looking around, he looked at Bertha. He couldn’t understand what happened. He started to wonder if Bertha had slipped up.
“No! No way! I saw Tranqurin penetrating your body just now. There’s no way you wouldn’t be affected by it. What trick are you trying to pull?” Bertha immediately shook her head.
Tranqurin was different from normal poisons or sedatives. It was specially developed to target grandmaster martial artists.
One’s cultivation would decrease if they just had a whiff of it.
As Dustin’s protective energy armor had broken just now, there was no way he wouldn’t be affected by Tranqurin.
Unless he already had the cure!
“I’m sorry to let you all down. I’m immune to all poisons, so Tranqurin is useless on me,” Dustin replied indifferently.
“What? You’re immune to all poisons?”
Everyone was shocked upon hearing that. They never could have expected Dustin to have this talent. With this ability, Tranqurin was practically useless on him.
They wondered if he was actually human.
Bertha kept shaking her head, unable to accept it. “You’re lying! There’s no such thing as being immune to all poisons. I’ve never heard of someone like that before!”
“It’s up to you whether you want to believe. I don’t want to waste my time trying to convince you, either. Let me return all the words you said to me just now. If you hand over your treasure, I’ll spare your lives. Otherwise, I’ll kill all of you!” Dustin said indifferently.
Upon hearing that, everyone exchanged glances alertly.
If Dustin wasn’t poisoned, he could wipe all of them there based on his attack just now. They would probably lose more than they gain today.
“Don’t pretend to be more than you are! I know very well that your attack was just a last-ditch effort. I’m sure you’ve already depleted all your energy!
Bertha’s gaze was hostile. It was as if she knew exactly what he was thinking.
“Is that right? If you think I’m already exhausted, you can come and test it out, “Dustin mocked.
###Chapter 2033 by Marina Vittori
“Do you think I’m scared? Chester, this jerk is just acting. Don’t be fooled. If you can help me again, we’ll definitely win!” Bertha replied with a gloomy expression.
Chester’s eyelids twitched, and he almost wanted to scold her.
After all, Chester was already heavily injured and vomiting blood. Yet, Bertha still wanted him to fight. Chester wondered if she thought he was stupid.
Plus, Dustin didn’t seem exhausted by how energetic he looked.
If Dustin summoned a powerful attack like just now, Chester would be dead.
“Chester, you’re the leader of the Embersteel Order. Everyone knows how powerful you are. Are you telling me that you’re scared of that brat?”
Seeing Chester not replying, Bertha started to provoke him. If someone could take the lead and fight Dustin, Bertha naturally wouldn’t need to risk her life.
“Bertha, I’m already heavily injured and don’t have any energy to fight. I can only assist you from the side. However, since you’re sure that Dustin is powerless, I’m sure you can take him down yourself.
“Harmony Sect is quite a powerful sect under your leadership, after all. Thus, there’s no need for me to take part in this.” Chester coughed and pretended to be weak.
In fact, he was scolding Bertha in his heart for trying to use him. Since Bertha wanted to fight Dustin, she should go for it herself.
“Chester, don’t you believe in me?” Bertha furrowed her brow.
“It’s not that I don’t believe you, but I really am powerless.” Chester covered his chest and started to cough violently.
It was obvious he didn’t want to risk his life anymore.
“Okay! Since you don’t want to fight, I’ll fight him myself!”
Although Bertha was displeased, she couldn’t act out openly. Thus, she ordered the two Harmony Sect’s semi- grandmasters beside her, “The two of you, attack together! I’ll wait for an opportunity from behind.”
“Huh?” Upon hearing that, the two semi-grandmasters turned stiff and anxious.
Even Embersteel Order’s Chester was heavily injured from Dustin’s attack. Thus, they wondered what would happen to them.
If Dustin wasn’t poisoned, they would be taking their own lives by fighting him.
“What? Are you not going to listen to me, either?” Bertha’s expression darkened.
“Master Peach, are you sure he got poisoned?” one of the semi- grandmasters asked.
“Are you kidding me? Did I ever lie to you all? Make a move right now! If you continue to drag, the effects might wear off!” Bertha urged.
Tranqurin’s effects wouldn’t last a long time on powerful grandmaster martial artists. Thus, Bertha wouldn’t give Dustin the chance to bluff his way through.
“Let’s go all out!” The two semi- grandmasters exchanged glances. Then, they charged fiercely toward Dustin.
Meanwhile, Bertha held her Harmony dual swords and stood at the same spot. She waited patiently for the right moment.
If Dustin showed any hints of fatigue or weakness, Bertha would immediately rush forward to deliver a fatal blow!
“Die!” The two semi-grandmasters attacked Dustin’s left and right simultaneously. They targeted Dustin’s upper and lower body at an extremely fast pace.
With an indifferent expression, Dustin swung his sword.
A crescent-shaped black sword aura shot out again. Then, it slashed toward the two semi-grandmasters at the speed of lightning.
Dustin was simply too fast. The two aces couldn’t react in time despite being prepared.
They felt a flash of black sword aura subtly slashing through their neck. It was an eerie yet fatal move.
The semi-grandmasters suddenly froze. Their corpses were separated as their heads fell to the ground.
The two widened eyes stared right at Bertha’s direction. Their gazes were filled with resentments.
###Chapter 2034 by Marina Vittori
The two Harmony Sect’s semi- grandmasters had been slashed to death by Dustin. They had died in resentment.
After seeing the two elder’s heads rolling on the ground, Bertha was stunned. Instantly, cold beads of sweat rolled down her forehead.
Bertha thought Dustin was powerless and had fabricated everything he said. Now, she finally understood how powerful Dustin was.
Dustin could kill two semi- grandmaster martial artists with just a strike. Obviously, this wasn’t something a person poisoned by Tranqurin could do.
Perhaps Dustin was really immune to all the poison.
“Fuck! Thankfully, I didn’t move just now. Otherwise, I would have been dead!” Chester gulped. He looked at Dustin with a terrified expression.
Chester had never met such a formidable figure before. Despite being in his 20s, Dustin was so powerful.
Damien, the most powerful martial artist in the Southwest, might not be able to win against Dustin in a one-to- one fight, either.
“You… How could you…” Bertha was so stunned that she couldn’t even begin to form words. She started to shudder from fear.
The two strikes Dustin summoned just now were way too terrifying.
His first move heavily injured Embersteel Order’s Chester.
His second move killed two semi- grandmaster martial artists.
Dustin had turned the tide with two moves while forcing Bertha into a dangerous situation at the same time.
At that moment, she didn’t know what to do.
“You’re quite smart. Instead of fighting me yourself, you let your two subordinates die for nothing. How could you call yourself their leader?” Holding the sword in one hand, Dustin slowly neared her.
“Die!” Bertha became highly alert. With a wave of her sleeves, she launched the first attack.
A large number of concealed weapons shot out and went straight toward Dustin, among them was a Frost Needle.
Frost Needle was a treasure passed down by Harmony Sect’s elders. It was extremely destructive and had a freezing effect.
Even a grandmaster martial artist would have their meridians sealed off if a Frost Needle struck them. This would cause their body to freeze.
However, Frost Needle was extremely limited. There were only three in the entire world.
Bertha had used one when she encountered danger many years ago.
Just now, she had used the second one when she tried to destroy Dustin’s protective energy sphere. She had only one left right now. This was her only chance to turn the tables.
If the Frost Needle could hit Dustin, Bertha could win.
It didn’t matter if Dustin was immune to all poison. Nothing could save him if the Frost Needle struck him.
Dustin didn’t waste any time when faced with this many concealed weapons. He raised his hand and attacked with his sword again.
The black sword aura shot out again. With an indestructible force, it cut many concealed weapons into pieces.
However, just as the black aura swept through, a blue needle shone faintly. Like a fish breaking through water, the blue needle passed through the sword aura and went straight toward Dustin’s forehead.
“Consider it an honor for you to die from the Frost Needle!” An indifferent smile appeared on Bertha’s lips.
Frost Needle could deal with all internal energy. Thus, it could easily pass through all sword aura.
At this moment, Dustin had already swung his sword and didn’t have time to dodge. As Frost Needle could break through internal energy, it was a lethal strike once it hit its target!
Therefore, Bertha was sure that Dustin would face his downfall!
“Huh?” At this critical moment, Dustin furrowed his brow. He raised his hands immediately and caught the Frost Needle that was dangerously close with two fingers.
He was so close to getting hit.
Dustin had to admit that the weapon was indeed mysterious. It was silent, stealthy, and was even able to bypass the sword aura’s strike. Thus, he could only use his physical strength to catch it.
If not for his sharp perception, he might not be able to catch it.
###Chapter 2035 by Marina Vittori
Although Dustin managed to catch the Frost Needle, the chill emanating from it penetrated deep into his bones.
Dustin’s fingers and arms started to freeze at visible speed. He couldn’t seem to muster a trace of true energy in the areas affected by freezing.
It was no exaggeration to say that one would become an ice statue if the needle pierced into one’s body. Any level of cultivation would be rendered useless at this point.
Although he didn’t regard Bertha and the others highly, he was quite shocked by their attacks.
Bertha seemed to be using lethal moves one after another, with Tranqurin followed by Frost Needle.
If it wasn’t for Dustin’s cultivation level, he might lose. Indeed, one should not underestimate any enemy. There was a chance that one might lose against someone weaker than them.
Dustin’s body shook. Then, the ice layer on his arm shattered and dropped to the ground.
“How could this be?” Bertha was stunned, looking terrified.
It was a life-and-death situation just now. Normally, nobody would be able to react in time. However, not only was Dustin fine, but he was even able to catch the Frost Needle.
Bertha couldn’t understand how he managed to do it.
“You like sneak attacks, huh? Have a taste of your own medicine, then!” Narrowing his eyes, Dustin flicked his finger.
With a light hum, the sharp Frost Needle shot toward Bertha at an even faster speed.
Compared to Bertha’s soundless attack, the Frost Needle reflected by Dustin was dominant. It was even accompanied by the sound of wind and thunder.
Everything in its way began to crumble -nothing could withstand its force.
Bertha was so scared that she screamed. Immediately, she placed her dual swords in front of her chest to protect herself.
With a loud bang, the Frost Needle easily penetrated through the dual swords. In the end, it landed heavily on Bertha’s chest.
Following that, Bertha was sent flying several feet away as if she had been hit by a train. Blood shot out from her mouth and nose, and her face turned pale.
If she didn’t wear her protective amulet, she would probably lose her life.
Although she didn’t die, the terrifying force brought by Frost Needle and its ability to destroy internal energy was enough for her to be heavily injured. Plus, her meridians were also severely damaged.
Bertha was even worse off than Chester.
“Who… Who are you?” Bertha asked, supporting her heavy body with her arms as she partially laid on the ground.
There was shock and a sense of fear on her charming face.
Dustin was way stronger than she thought. His oppressive presence, as well as his destructive power, had already surpassed the limits of a grandmaster.
Even the most powerful martial artist in the Southwest, Damien, didn’t give off such a fearful vibe.
Suddenly, an alarming thought popped into her head. Perhaps Dustin was already an ultimate grandmaster.
Bertha thought it was outrageous. After all, Dustin was only in his 20s.
“It doesn’t matter who I am. Most importantly, you guys were wrong in wanting to kill me.” While saying that, Dustin slowly raised his Celestial Blade.
“Don’t… Don’t kill me! Let’s end on good terms as we may meet again in the future. If you agree to spare my life, I’ll immediately give you all of Harmony Sect’s treasures!” Bertha started to panic and begged.
“I already gave you all a chance. However, you guys didn’t cherish it. I have no choice but to be ruthless!”
Unmoved, Dustin was just about to attack when a stern voice suddenly rang out. “Stop! If you dare to act recklessly, I’ll immediately kill this woman!”
###Chapter 2036 by Marina Vittori
“Stop right there! If you dare to move, I’ll kill this woman!” A stern voice sounded behind Dustin.
When Dustin turned to look, he saw Embersteel Order and Harmony’s Sect elites coming out of the hotel while holding Grace hostage.
Meanwhile, Sophia was pressing the knife against Grace’s neck with a fierce expression.
Dustin furrowed his brow, feeling a strong urge to kill. He could tell that Embersteel Order and Harmony’s Sect’s sudden ambush today was all because of Sophia.
Old habits die hard, that was for sure.
Sophia would have long been dead if Grace hadn’t saved her from Fantasy Sea Alliance. Not only was Sophia not grateful, she even pressed a knife against Grace’s neck.
Sophia had a death wish!
“Why are you still standing there? Put down your sword!”
Sophia hid behind Grace carefully while the knife in her hand pressed against Grace’s neck.
Sophia knew Dustin had feelings for Grace. Thus, he wouldn’t stand by and watch her die.
Without a single hesitation, Dustin flung the Celestial Blade to the ground.
Whether Dustin had a sword made no difference when dealing with people like them.
“Kick over the sword, but be mindful not to be too near you!” Sophia ordered again.
Dustin nodded and kicked the sword.
Celestial Blade slid for several feet along the ground before stopping in front of Sophia.
After seeing that, everyone let out a sigh of relief.
Dustin’s few moves just now were way too terrifying. Even the two sect leaders couldn’t withstand it. They would have lost despite fighting him together if he had his sword.
The uneasiness in their hearts diminished slightly after Dustin lost his sword.
“Nice! That’s my disciple, alright! Nice job!” Bertha was ecstatic after seeing the hostage.
She thought she was about to die just now. Unexpectedly, Sophia showed up with a hostage and pulled her out of danger. At that, Bertha felt more than proud of her.
“Master Peach, are you okay?” Sophia asked.
“I still can manage.” Bertha struggled to stand up and stared at Dustin. “He’s quite strange. We can’t let our guard down.”
“Don’t worry. As long as we have this woman, Dustin can’t do anything to us! “Sophia said confidently.
Even heroes had their weak spots. Although Dustin was very capable, he still had a soft spot for someone.
Grace was his weakness.
“Sophia, you have a death wish. Let her go, and I can still spare your life. Otherwise, you’re dead meat!” Dustin said indifferently.
“How dare you threaten me! Your woman is still with me, so you must obey all my orders. You don’t have any right to go against me!” Sophia shouted, pressing her knife harder against Grace’s neck.
“Do you really think you can win?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
Sophia sneered. “What else? I doubt you’ll dare to mess around now that I’ve taken her hostage!”
“You’ll regret it.” Dustin glanced at Grace and didn’t make a move.
“Chester, I heard that Embersteel Order has a secret technique that can seal a person’s meridians. Please restrain them first,” Sophia declared loudly.
Although Dustin didn’t have his sword, his high cultivation level still made it hard for anyone to fight him.
Thus, Sophia would only feel at ease after Dustin’s meridians were sealed off and his cultivation level was suppressed.
“You two, go and have a try.” Chester turned around and shot a look at two of his sect’s elders.
###Chapter 2037 by Marina Vittori
“What?” The two people gulped anxiously. They still remembered what the Harmony Sect encountered. Thus, they knew they were dead meat if they went forward.
“Why are you panicking? There’s no way he’ll when we hold Grace hostage!” Chester encouraged.
The two Embersteel Orders looked at the restrained Grace while looking at the motionless Dustin. After hesitating for a few seconds, they finally forced themselves to walk forward.
They were in a sticky situation right now.
If they didn’t get rid of Dustin, they might lose their lives. They would never have the chance of seizing treasures anymore.
They had to take a risk no matter what. If they could seal Dustin’s meridians, he would be absolutely useless and no longer a threat to them.
“Dustin, don’t worry about me. Go ahead.” Grace suddenly spoke at this moment.
Naturally, she didn’t wish Dustin to risk his life for her. Plus, she had many ways to get away in situations like this.
“Shut up, you bitch! If you dare to say something else, I’ll scratch your face!” Sophia roared.
“Ms. Jaden, you’ve made a terrible mistake. You thought you had abducted me, when in fact, I’m just playing along. However, I’ve lost interest now,” Grace spoke indifferently.
While speaking, she formed hand seals with one hand and said lowly, ” Disappear!”
After she said that, she disappeared into thin air.
“What happened? Where is she?”
“That’s weird! She was here just now! Where did she go?”
Everyone was shocked by the sudden turn of events.
Sophia’s eyes widened in shock as she stood stunned. She was still holding the knife in mid-air. However, the person she held hostage had already vanished.
“Look! There she is!” At this moment, a sharp-eyed person suddenly pointed toward the hotel’s entrance.
When everyone turned around, they saw a beautiful figure slowly moving. It was none other than Grace!
However, she was now several feet away from Sophia and the others.
“Shit! Get her!” Sophia’s expression changed as she shouted. The aces from Harmony Sect and Embersteel Order didn’t dare to delay. They immediately rushed up and leaped on her.
They knew that Dustin would be unbeatable once they lost their hostage.
“Mr. Will,” Grace said indifferently when seeing the group of people surrounding her.
“I’m here!” A shout could be heard. A hunched elderly man, Osley, jumped down from the second floor’s window, landing steadily before Grace.
Osley no longer seemed honest and kind. His gaze was sharp, and he had an intense and bloody aura.
The fierce aura he gave off was extremely condensed!
It sent shivers down their spine because of how terrifying he was.
“How dare you provoke Ms. Linsor! You must die!” He took in a huge breath and lifted his right palm above his head. Then, he slammed it toward the ground.
Thunder sounded, and the sky suddenly turned into another color.
A huge red shadow plam suddenly descended from the sky. Then, it pressed toward everyone like a heavy mountain.
When the shadow palm pressed downward, houses shook, the ground cracked, and trees were split open.
It seemed like it was indestructible! Nobody could seem to stop it. Before most martial artist aces could react, they had been squished to death by the shadow palm.
Those who died didn’t even leave a corpse!
Half of Harmony Sect and Embesteel Order’s aces suffered heavy casualties by just a palm!
###Chapter 2038 by Marina Vittori
After the palm attack, Osley stood there proudly. He looked unworldly, exuding unparalleled dominance and majesty.
Meanwhile, the 100 feet crater which had appeared out of thin air was just in front of him.
The pit was filled with severed limbs and bloody flesh. There wasn’t a single complete corpse spotted, resembling hell on earth.
This was the might of Osley’s single palm attack.
With a single slap, a crater in the shape of a hand was created. Plus, numerous martial arts experts had been squished to death by his attack.
The remaining few, despite being lucky enough to keep their lives, had been blown several feet away. They were sprawled on the ground by the force of the palm.
However, they were stunned when they stood up and saw what happened.
They were rendered speechless as sweat dripped down their faces when they saw the horrendous sight inside the pit.
Most experts of the Harmony Sect and Embersteel Order, no matter if they were young, old, or in a high position, were killed.
“A-Am I seeing the right? How could this be?”
“Dead… They’re all dead. Dozens of experts from two sects were killed by a single slap! Is he human? He looks more like a monster!”
“Harmony Sect and Embersteel Order are in great danger!”
The several survivors were stunned on the spot. They shuddered in fear. Osley’s palm robbed them of any courage to resist. They only felt fear in their hearts.
“Ultimate grandmaster? This old crook is an ultimate grandmaster?” Chester widened his eyes, and even his lips started to tremble.
Osley’s palm attack was as unworldly as a punishment from god. It was unparalleled, not something a normal martial artist could achieve.
Only those standing at the pinnacle of the world, the ultimate grandmasters, could achieve such a terrifying feat.
Dustin was already difficult enough to deal with. They didn’t expect an unknown ultimate grandmaster to join him.
They didn’t know if they were considered lucky or not to meet two top -notch martial artists at once.
Bertha dropped to the ground, her face pale. At this moment, she was completely hopeless.
With dangers from both sides, she had nowhere to escape now. Therefore, she could only sit and wait for death.
“N-No way! It’s impossible!” Sophia was so terrified that she shook her head while backing away. Her face was filled with fear and astonishment.
Sophia could never expect that the timid servant beside Grace was a legendary ultimate grandmaster.
Grace was someone who had the proud Dustin as her bodyguard, and the ultimate grandmaster as her servant.
Sophia wondered who Grace exactly was.
“Ms. Linsor, there are still some survivors. Should I finish them off?” Osley’s stern gaze scanned the several survivors. Those who met his gaze felt like they had fallen into an icehouse. Thus, they couldn’t help but shudder.
They were like a fish on a chopping board, at the mercy of others.
“D-Don’t kill me! I know I was wrong. I won’t dare to do it again! Please have mercy on me and let me go!” Chester knelt on the floor and begged.
Chester thought there was still a chance to win when he fought against Dustin. However, the former felt completely helpless when Osley appeared.
Chester didn’t have room to think about anything else, only having the desire to beg for his life.
“Spare us! Please spare us!” With Chester taking the lead, everyone else fell to the ground and begged.
“So you’re scared now? Where were you just now?” Osley stared at them indifferently, giving off the same terrifying aura as just now.
Osley didn’t feel an inch of sympathy for the group of people who tried to kill them to seize treasures.
“We were blind to have offended all of you. We’re willing to hand over all the treasures, so please spare us!” Chester continued to beg with a depressed expression.
At this moment, he didn’t look like the head of Embersteel Order at all.
“Never mind. We didn’t lose anything, anyway. We don’t need to kill all of them,” Grace spoke indifferently.
###Chapter 2039 by Marina Vittori
“Yes, miss,” Osley answered. His momentum immediately subsided as he obediently retreated behind Grace.
His back was arched, and he lowered his head timidly. Just like that, he became an inconspicuous servant.
If they hadn’t seen it with their eyes, nobody would believe that this quiet old man was a capable ultimate grandmaster.
“Thank you, Ms. Linsor! Thank you!” Seeing that there was a chance to live, everyone thanked her happily.
“Don’t get too happy. Although I’m not going to kill you all, I won’t let you all go either. I can spare your lives, but you still have to be punished.
“Osley, go and seal their meridians and tie them up. Let the Martial Arts Union deal with them,” Grace said indifferently.
“What? Martial Arts Union?” Everyone was stunned upon hearing that.
Martial Arts Union was Dragonmarsh’s official institution. They managed martial artists, major martial alliances, and all of the sects. Thus, all of them had to obey their directives.
Anyone involved in major crimes would be captured and detained by them.
The Martial Arts Union was something that would make every martial artist go pale at the mention.
“Ms. Linsor, please spare us! Don’t send us to the Martial Arts Union!”
“We’ll never get out once the Martial Arts Union captures us!” Everyone wailed and started to beg Grace.
All kinds of ruthless and vicious martial artists were detained in the Martial Arts Union. Therefore, it could be said they were doomed once they entered. A person may only endure some physical suffering if they only committed something minor.
If someone committed something horrendous, they would suffer from all kinds of torture and lead a life worse than death.
“Tie them up!” Osley ignored their begging. He swiftly went forward and sealed off their eight vital meridians. Then, he ordered the envoy team to tie up all of the two major sect’s survivors.
Chester thought of something clever. ” Wait for a moment. You won’t benefit from anything if you capture us and send us to the Martial Arts Union.
“However, if you spare our lives, we’ll be at your beck and call in the future. You can command us as you wish!”
“That’s right! We’re willing to obey your every order!”
Everyone else nodded their heads. They didn’t have any other choices now. If they wanted to live, they could only submit to Grace.
“Oh. Really?” Grace raised her eyebrows and looked toward Dustin. ” What do you think about this suggestion?”
“Their capability is just so-so. However, recruiting them for our use seems like a good idea. We just have to turn a blind eye to their loyalty. It’s up to you how you want to handle them.” Dustin shrugged, appearing indifferent and uninvolved.
Usually, Martial Arts Union wouldn’t be in the picture. He would have already killed all of them.
However, Dustin didn’t want to reject Grace’s idea since she brought it up.
“Don’t worry about their loyalty. I have a way to control them.” Grace shot a meaningful look at Osley. The latter understood her intentions and took out a vial from his pocket. Then, he fed a poisonous pill to the survivors.
The poison was a royal secret formula specifically designed to control spies and prevent them from betraying.
Those who got poisoned would need to take the cure every month. Otherwise, they would suffer excruciating pain akin to being devoured by insects.
“I’ll give you a chance to live. However, I hope you guys can mend your ways and start afresh.” Grace scanned their faces.
“No problem! We’ll turn over a new leaf and never commit any more heinous acts!” Chester immediately nodded.
The remaining people naturally didn’t dare to go against Grace.
“That’s all.” Grace didn’t say anything else. She waved her hands, motioning everyone to leave.
“Thank you, Ms. Linsor!” Everyone was relieved. After getting up, they immediately started running.
“Wait for a moment. You guys can go, except for her!” Dustin blocked in front of them and ordered indifferently.
While saying that, he slowly pointed toward Sophia.
###Chapter 2040 by Marina Vittori
“Me?” Sophia was stunned when Dustin pointed at her. She asked instinctively, “Why?”
The discussion earlier went well, she had no idea why things turned sour abruptly.
“Because I really hate people who repay goodwill with ill will. That’s my reason. Happy?” Dustin replied coldly.
He had never liked Sophia’s behavior. However, her behavior hadn’t affected him before, as such he was able to let it slide. However, it was different now.
If Sophia hadn’t caused subversion, they wouldn’t be in this mess today. If they were any weaker, they might have been murdered for profit. Hence, he was unable to forgive Sophia for what she’d done.
“Dustin, please listen to my explanation. This wasn’t my fault, I had no other options!” Sophia was flustered and appeared pitiful.
“Not your fault? You had no other options? There are only a handful of people who know that we have treasure with us.
“If it wasn’t you, who else could it be? Who could work with Harmony Sect and Embersteel Order simultaneously? “Dustin asked.
“It wasn’t me… It really wasn’t!” As Sophia thought of something, she suddenly said, “It was Jackson Hawk! Jackson was behind all this, I was just following orders. If you’re unhappy about this, please bring it up with Jackson. It’s not my fault!”
It was difficult to convince them without any evidence. She needed to find a scapegoat. Jackson wasn’t around now and he was also involved in this incident. He was the best fall guy.
Chester frowned slightly when he heard Jackson’s name but he said nothing. It wouldn’t be wise for him to speak up in a situation like this. The smart way was to keep quiet and save himself.
“Jackson?” Dustin smirked, “Do you think I’m an idiot? If Jackson was involved, why isn’t he here now?”
Discounting the fact that Jackson had already sent him a message in secret prior to this, he wouldn’t even suspect
Jackson if he didn’t.
“He has already escaped when he saw that things have gone awry!” Sophia was still trying to push the blame on Jackson.1
“Is that so? Since Jackson has already escaped, then you should take the blame. I feel uncomfortable if you’re not dead.” With a chilly expression, Dustin reached for his Celestial Blade with an outstretched arm.
The sword which was located more than ten yards away, transformed into a black light and reappeared in Dustin’s hand.
“Don’t… don’t kill me!” Sophia was getting anxious and kept begging. “If you let me live, I’ll do anything you ask me to. I’ll be your slave!”
When she saw that Dustin remained unfazed by her begging, she turned to look at Bertha, her mentor, and shouted while crying, “Master Peach, please save me! I’m still young, I don’t want to die yet!”
Bertha sighed and didn’t say much when Sophia begged for help. She wasn’t even able to save herself, how would she be able to save someone else?
“You should have known better before you did it. Time for you to be on your way!” Dustin didn’t want to waste any more time so he raised his sword and got ready to swing it down.
“Hold on!” Suddenly, someone shouted loudly in front of the hotel. Dustin raised his eyebrows slightly and turned to look, only to see Jackson running frantically toward them.
As he ran, he kept shouting, “Hold on! Hold on!”
Jackson ran forward as fast as he could and stood in front of Sophia with his arms outstretched to protect her.
He begged nervously, “Dustin, Sophia didn’t know any better. Please forgive her and let her live!”
“Jackson, she’s a toxic woman. Why are you protecting her?” Dustin frowned slightly.
He found Jackson’s personality and behavior quite admirable. As such, he’d hoped that Jackson would realize this before it was too late.
“Dustin, Sophia is my fiancée! It’s my duty to protect her! Please forgive her on the grounds that we went treasure hunting together!” Jackson knelt on the floor right away.
“Jackson, did you know that she blamed it all on you? You’d be better off without a back-stabbing woman like her!” Dustin said.
“Dustin, it was all my fault. I should have stopped her. You can kill me if you want to, I’d gladly take Sophia’s place under your sword!” Jackson said sincerely.
“Why are you doing this?” Dustin was a little helpless. He had seen fools in love but never this foolish.
He clearly knew that Sophia had been using him, and yet, he still stood by her side regardless. He was too deep in love.
“Dustin! I have never begged anyone in my life. Now, I beg you to spare her!” Jackson got on all fours with his head lowered to show his sincerity.
“Fine! I’ll spare her today because you asked me to.” Dustin shook his head and lowered the Celestial Blade.
“Thank you, Dustin!” Jackson looked grateful.
“Thank you for showing me mercy today!” Sophia appeared delighted.
“Don’t be too happy just yet. I won’t let you off easy just because I’ve spared you.” As Dustin finished his sentence, he sent a heavy slap on Sophia’s abdomen from a distance.
Sophia grunted softly and staggered a few steps backward. Then, her knees buckled and she collapsed on the floor with blood streaming down from her nostrils and mouth.
“You… you actually destroyed my cultivation!” Sophia clutched her abdomen with a surprised and angry look.
“If I didn’t do it, you’d continue your despicable behavior,” Dustin replied with certainty.
Sophia gritted her teeth but was too afraid to say anything.
“Get lost!” Dustin snorted coldly.
“Sophia, let’s go!” Jackson helped Sophia up without hesitating and walked away with great difficulty.
“Alright, disperse!” Grace waved her hand and everyone from the Harmony Sect and Embersteel Order left immediately.
Many powerful parties got wind of the incident at the hotel. However, they were frightened when they saw the skilled fighters from those two sects running away.
The ability to subdue two of the major sects was enough to prove that there was a very strong martial artist at the hotel. They would be courting death if they decided to be greedy.
The night passed by peacefully after the chaos. However, a piece of shocking news greeted Dustin as soon as he got up in the morning the next day.
###Chapter 2041 by Marina Vittori
In the morning, Dustin heard a loud knock on his door as soon as he woke up.
When he opened the door, he saw Grace standing outside with breakfast in her hands. She bought milk, bagels, sausage, scrambled eggs, and a lot of other things.
“Have some breakfast. I have to talk to you.” Grace smiled slightly as she put the breakfast set on the table and sat on a chair.
“Thanks.” Dustin didn’t shy away. He started wolfing down as soon as he sat down next to her. Even though it was a normal breakfast, everything tasted surprisingly good.
“What do you want to tell me? I’m listening,” Dustin asked as he munched on the bagel.
“I got some news this morning. In a nutshell, there are three pieces of important news.” Grace stood up and made two cups of coffee. One for herself and another for Dustin.
She then continued, “First, there’s been a series of strange phenomena at the Sacred Wrym Summit for the past few days. According to my informants, it could be due to Dracan essence!”
“Really?” Dustin raised his eyebrows slightly and said thoughtfully, “The Sacred Wrym Summit is a good place. It’s not surprising if Dracan essence is detected there.”
“Second, there’s news that there will be a Combat Tournament at the Sacred Wrym Summit in five days. The winner will receive a secret treasure from the Ancient Sage!” Grace spoke up again.
“Combat Tournament?” Dustin was a little curious. “The Sacred Wrym Summit has always kept a low profile and they aren’t concerned about world events.
“Why would they host a Combat Tournament? Also, what’s this secret treasure from the Ancient Sage?”
“I’m curious about that too.” Grace sipped some coffee and continued, ” The Sacred Wrym Summit has always kept a distance from the rest of the martial world.
“This time, it’s shocking that they are doing the exact opposite. Everyone in the martial world is very astonished to hear this as well.
“As for the secret treasure, no one knows anything about it. The only thing that we know for sure is that this treasure is very special due to the importance it holds for the Sacred Wrym Summit.
“Everyone in the martial world is making their way to the Sacred Wrym Summit as soon as they hear about the competition.”
The royal family was wary of only two places, one was the West Lucozian monarchy and the other one was the Sacred Wrym Summit.
The monarchy had control of a very large and elite army and the latter was ruled by Arion Foyer, a very old Ancient Sage.
Even though these two places were in the territory of Dragonmarsh, they were not under the rule of the royal family. Well, to be exact, the royal family had no authority over them.
“There must be a reason behind this change. It’s possible that it’s related to the strange phenomena.” Dustin speculated.
“We’ll find out the truth when we make a trip to the Sacred Wrym Summit.” Grace smiled lightly.
“What about the third piece of news that you wanted to tell me?” Dustin asked.
“This is just hearsay. It hasn’t been confirmed.” Grace continued, “There’s news that Arion Foyer, the Ancient Sage, has reached the Empyrean State and is about to attain celestial glory.”
“Attain celestial glory?” Dustin was suddenly quiet after hearing that.
Arion Foyer was a legendary figure and his status as a living god was well established. He had lived a very long life, he was already approaching the age of 200 years old.
It was very shocking for the martial world as well as the authorities to hear about Arion Foyer attaining celestial glory.
“What do you think… Is the Ancient Sage attaining celestial glory? Or is he dying?” Grace asked in return.
“I don’t know.” Dustin shook his head. “The Ancient Sage has reached a level that is beyond our comprehension. I think it’s normal if anything extraordinary happens to him.”
“That’s true.” Grace nodded in agreement.
There might have been past incidents of other ultimate grandmasters attaining celestial glory, but they were all a farce. However, it was a different case when it came to Arion Foyer.
For the commoners, Arion Foyer was a godlike existence. They wouldn’t even bat an eyelid if something divine and miraculous happened to him.
###Chapter 2042 by Marina Vittori
“When are we leaving?” Dustin asked.
“I’ll arrange for two people to go with you to the Sacred Wrym Summit to find out more. I have to go back to Oakvale to protect the Spirit Core and to take care of some personal affairs.
“But, you don’t have to worry, I’ll meet you there before the Sacred Wrym Summit Combat Tournament,” Grace replied.
“Alright, it’s been decided then!”
Dustin nodded in agreement. He’d been wanting to visit the Sacred Wrym Summit, but he didn’t have the chance. He could finally visit the place thanks to the Combat Tournament. 11
“Laurel, Willow.” Grace turned to the door and called out loudly. Very soon, two female guards dressed in racy dresses walked in with a cool demeanor.
Dustin realized that they were twins when he observed them carefully.
They were about 20 years old and they were tall and pretty. Their martial arts skills had also reached the latter stage of divine level. They’d be among the best if they were associated with any martial arts sects.
“Both of you will go to the Sacred Wrym Summit with Mr. Rhys. Please take good care of him on the journey there and please listen to his instructions,” Grace ordered.
“Yes, understood!”
“Yes, will do!” Laurel and Willow accepted their mission right away.
“What are you doing?” Dustin appeared confused.
“Nothing. The Sacred Wrym Summit is far from here. You’ll need someone to look after you during the journey,” Grace said with an ambiguous smile.
“Laurel and Willow are my personal bodyguards who have been specially trained. You don’t have to worry about their loyalty. You can also give them minor tasks to complete without any worry.”
“Alright then, it’s decided.” Dustin nodded without saying anything else.
After breakfast, Grace packed her luggage and left Dusthaven Village with the rest of the team. Dustin and the two female guards went in a different direction, heading straight to the Sacred Wrym Summit.
After two days, they arrived at the ancient town of Clearville in the Sacred Wrym Summit. Dustin, flanked by Laurel and Willow, walked into Breezy Drunk, a restaurant. This unique and antique-looking restaurant had three stories. The first two floors were for dining and the third floor provided accommodation.
It was very full at Breezy Drunk right now. Some of them were tourists whereas some of them were martial artists who came for the Combat Tournament.
“Mr. Rhys, we’ve already made room reservations for our stay. Should we get something to eat first?” Laurel suggested.
“Sure.” Dustin nodded, found an empty table, and placed their orders.
As they ate, they listened to the quiet discussions around them. The conversations of those from the martial world basically revolved around the Combat Tournament.
After all, it was the first Combat Tournament in the history of Sacred Wrym Summit. All those who practiced martial arts would attend to pay respect to the Ancient Sage.
“Three of you are not regular customers here. Are you here for the Combat Tournament as well?” As they were eating, they heard a clear voice speaking beside them. Dustin looked up and saw an extremely handsome young man with fair skin standing in front of him.
The young man was dressed in white and held an accessory in his hand. He had flawless skin and cherry-red lips, he was more beautiful than a woman.
He was so beautiful that after seeing him, Dustin stole a glance at his chest as he couldn’t determine his gender. It was flat, so this person should be a man. It was just that this man’s appearance was too captivating.
###Chapter 2043 by Marina Vittori
Laurel’s and Willow’s eyes lit up when the handsome young man appeared.
Even though they had gone through professional training and wouldn’t be seduced easily, they had to admit that this young man standing before them was too handsome.
He was so good-looking that they were ashamed of themselves. If he was a woman, he’d rank among the top few in the Beauty Ranking.
“Who are you?” Dustin asked coldly after a quick observation.
The Sacred Wrym Summit was different from other places. Here, there were many hidden talents and skilled martial artists. They had to be very careful whenever they were approached by strangers.
“I’m Dalen Shade from Arque Stream. I came here to join in the fun because I heard about the Combat Tournament happening at the Sacred Wrym Summit. “Dalen flashed an irresistible smile.
Most of the customers, irrespective of their genders, dining at the tables around them turned around to look at them.
Dalen was extremely gorgeous, and so were Dustin, Laurel, and Willow. They were all good-looking people. Needless to say, these beautiful people caught everyone’s attention.
“Arque Stream? Dalen Shade?” Dustin raised his eyebrows slightly and asked inquisitively, “Are you a member of the Shadow Citadel?”
“Oh? How did you know?” Dalen was somewhat surprised.
“Mr. Rhys is a very intelligent man. It’s no surprise that he knows who you are, “Laurel said proudly.
“Shadow Citadel is a very powerful association in Arque Stream. They have branches all over the globe.
“Besides, those who decided to join the association must change their last name to ‘Shade.’ It’s enough for us to surmise just from those two facts alone.
“I understand now.” Dalen nodded his head in surprise and smiled as he said, ” You’re a very knowledgeable man with a keen eye for details. I admire your abilities.”
“It’s nothing. I just saw your badge by coincidence,” Dustin said suddenly.
“What?” Dalen was a little stunned and he looked down subconsciously to check. He immediately realized that his badge had fallen out of his pocket.
His last name, Shade, was displayed boldly on the front of the badge. It was the Shadow Citadel membership badge!
Dalen coughed to ease his embarrassment. “You’re such a candid and honest person. I have more respect for you now!”
Dalen quickly kept his badge as a fleeting moment of embarrassment flashed across his face.
“Save the small talk. Tell me why are you here,” Dustin asked frankly.
“Nothing much. I just think that we’ll get along just fine.” Dalen laughed lightly and continued, “We all know that friends and family are important wherever we go.
“If it’s alright with you, I’d like to befriend the three of you and we can all have lunch together.”
“Thanks, but no thanks.” Dustin refused right away.
In these few years, the Shadow Citadel had become a very influential association and it was growing very fast.
Its ranking was just below the Mystic Arts Order, the Sword Union, and the Celestial Alliance. It was especially powerful in Arque Stream.
Even though the Shadow Citadel was a powerful association, it had a questionable reputation. Dustin wasn’t interested in getting involved with them.
“You don’t have to worry. I come in peace. On the contrary, I can help you achieve your goal,” Dalen said with an ambiguous smile.
“Help me?” Dustin said with a cold expression, “All the martial artists who gathered at the Sacred Wrym Summit are here for the Combat Tournament.
“It’s the only reason why you and I are here. In other words, we’re competitors. How will you help me?”
“I just said it. I came here for fun and to make new friends. I’m not interested in the prize. If you’re joining the competition, I’ll do my best to support you!” Dalen said seriously.
“Is that so?” Dustin smiled thoughtfully. “You and I are strangers. Why would you help me? How would helping me benefit you?” He was not a greenhorn and he wouldn’t trust anyone easily.
“It’s fate that brought us together. It’s fated that we should be friends. Do I need any reason to help a friend out?” Dalen explained altruistically.
“Friends?” Dustin found it a little funny. “You don’t even know who I am and you want to be my friend?”
“All men are kin and friends don’t care about each other’s past!” Dalen replied quickly as he turned to look at Dustin with a slight bow and asked, “May I have your good name, sir?”
“I’m Dustin and my last name’s Rhys,” Dustin answered truthfully.
“Nice to meet you, Dustin.” Dalen flashed a smile.
“Dustin, you look like a dignified and intelligent man. You must be someone special. I’m very fortunate to have met you today. Cheers!” As he said that, Dalen quickly poured himself a glass of wine and gulped it down in one go before Dustin could react.
“Hey! You-” Laurel was about to say something but Dustin lifted his hand to stop her. He had no idea if Dalen was playing or being serious. Since he had time to kill, he’d play Dalen’s little games to find out what he was getting at.
“Waiter! Please serve me the best dishes and wine this restaurant has to offer. Dustin and I aren’t going home until we’re drunk!” Dalen shouted and ordered a few extra dishes to their table.
With his enthusiasm, others would think that they were long-lost best friends.
“Mr. Rhys, please be careful as we know nothing about him.” Willow reminded Dustin in a low voice when Dustin was gulping down a glass of wine.
“It’s alright. I know what I’m doing.” Dustin smiled casually.
They still had three days before the Combat Tournament. He could actually use Dalen’s unconcealed style of communication to his advantage and glean some information about the tournament from him.
“Sir! Sir!” When Dalen was eating happily, five men and women dressed in black, each with a different appearance, rushed in violently.
One appeared very sturdy, one was as round as a ball, one was lanky, one was pretty, and there was an ugly one. Their appearance attracted the attention of all the customers at the restaurant.
The facial expressions of some very experienced martial artists darkened as soon as they saw the group of five. They didn’t dare to stay any longer and ran away before finishing their food.
From the looks of it, it was as if they had seen a ghost.
###Chapter 2044 by Marina Vittori
When the quintet appeared, many experienced elites retreated in fear. Although the remaining elites didn’t flee in panic, they wore expressions of astonishment.
“Isn’t that the Shadow Citadel’s Evil Quintet? Why are they here?”
“What? The Evil Quintet? Are those the guys who enjoy feasting on human flesh?”
“Damn it! I really should’ve checked my horoscope before leaving today. Why did I run into these troublemakers?
An uneasy hush spread through the crowd, unsure about what was happening.
The Evil Quintet of the Shadow Citadel had a notorious reputation. Many stories spread about these five people, calling them ruthless and severing other’s limbs at the slightest provocation.
What made them even more disturbing was their unusual taste.
They supposedly enjoyed eating human flesh as a delicacy. Just these rumors alone were enough to send shivers down the spines of various factions in the martial world.
The Evil Quintet wasn’t just brutal. They were also powerful, and each member possessed exceptional martial skills.
In the past, some righteous individuals tried to ambush the Evil Quintet to rid the world of their menace.
However, not only did they fail, but they also suffered heavy casualties, with some losing their sanity outright.
Since that incident, the Evil Quintet’s fearsome reputation spread far and wide, and no one dared to provoke them.
Wherever they went, most people fled in fear, afraid of becoming the Evil Quintet’s target. It was why some experienced martial artists chose to retreat.
After all, who in their right mind would want to provoke five powerful lunatics with a taste for human flesh?
“Dalen! There you are!”
As the Evil Quintet entered the tavern, they searched around and eventually fixed their gaze on Dalen. They immediately swarmed around him with flattering smiles.
Their expression left the onlookers bewildered. Weren’t the Evil Quintet supposed to be ruthless? Why were they so happy? Also, who was that handsome man?
“Dalen, what brings you here? We’ve arranged a lakeside villa for you, surrounded by beautiful scenery. You don’t have to stay with these regular people,” the chubby man said with a smile.
Although the chubby man looked short and stout, he was the leader of the Evil Quintet, known as Terra Shade.
The skinny man behind Terra was the second member, Aqua Shade. The gorgeous woman, Zephyras Shade, was the third member.
The unattractive man was the fourth member, Pyro Shade.
And the burly man was the fifth member, Aether Shade.
Their names mirrored the traditional Western elements: earth, water, air, fire, and aether.
“Hey! I’ve repeatedly told you to stop acting like we know each other in public. Look at how you’ve frightened the customers around us.
“Some might mistakenly believe I’m involved in your questionable activities!
“Dalen frowned, visibly displeased.
“Dalen is a kind person, as gentle as an angel. You wouldn’t hurt a fly. So, why would anyone think you’re a bad guy?”
Terra laughed, then shot a fierce look at Dustin.
“If any miserable soul dares to tarnish your name, I will make sure to reduce their existence to mere fragments.”
Dustin just smirked in response, completely disregarding the threat.
“Okay, stop yelling and making threats. Our sect has a new way of doing things. Let’s try to win people over with kindness, no matter what we do, okay?
“Dalen reprimanded.
“Got it. Kindness is our approach to winning people over.” Terra nodded and straightened up, softening the fierce expression he had before.
“Dustin, let me introduce them to you. “Dalen smiled and gestured to the five people.
He went on, “These five are the disciples of Shadow Citadel.
“The chubby man is Terra, the skinny one is Aqua, the pretty girl is Zephyras, the unattractive one is Pyro, and the burly man is Aether.
“Don’t be fooled by their appearances. They are all good-hearted people.”
“Good-hearted?” Laurel and Willow couldn’t help but twitch their eyes at these words.
They had heard of the Evil Quintet from Shadow Citadel. If these five were considered good-hearted, then there wouldn’t be any bad people around.
###Chapter 2045 by Marina Vittori
“Earth, Water, Air, Fire, and Aether? Cool names.” Dustin casually complimented. He never expected Dalen, with his status, to be the Evil Quintet’s senior member.
“You’re giving me too much credit. I thought of these names on the spot,” Dalen said with a slight smile. With his fair and delicate face, he looked quite charming.
“Hey! Why are you sitting at Dalen’s table? Who do you think you are?” Pyro asked aggressively and slammed the table.
He hated men who looked more handsome than him, especially ones like Dustin. The longer he stared at Dustin, the more annoyed Pyro became. He even wished he could disfigure Dustin.
“Talking to me?” Dustin asked, pointing at himself.
“Who else? Anyone else around?” Pyro sneered, lifting his chin arrogantly.
“You’re Pyro, right? Did you just eat something nasty? Your breath is awful. Can you please freshen up? You’re grossing everyone out.” Dustin waved his hand in front of his nose, looking disgusted.
Zephyras burst into laughter upon hearing that. It was the first time she had seen someone talk to Pyro like that.
“Do you have a death wish?” Pyro became furious. Without uttering a word, he threw a punch straight at Dustin’s face.
“So rude!”
“How dare you!”
Before Dustin made a move, Laurel and Willow sprang into action. With one on the left and the other on the right, they lifted their legs together and directed kicks at Pyro’s head.
Their long legs moved like whips, creating a fierce wind. The force behind the kicks was unexpectedly strong.
Pyro frowned, cautious not to underestimate the situation. He quickly withdrew his fists, crossing his arms to protect himself.
Laurel and Willow’s powerful kicks hit Pyro’s arms, but he stood firm.
Surprisingly, the impact forced the twin sisters back three steps, while Pyro emerged without a scratch. Dealing with a two-on-one challenge and still prevailing showcased Pyro’s strength.
“Not bad, but still not good enough!” he taunted.
Then, Pyro drew a short ax from his waist and swung at Dustin. Although the strike wasn’t fatal, it was enough to disfigure Dustin.
“Stop!”
Laurel and Willow’s expressions changed as they tried to intervene, but it was too late. The sharp ax descended heavily, accompanied by a streak of arc light.
As everyone anticipated bloodshed, Dustin casually raised his hand and effortlessly caught the ax that Pyro had swung down, using only a fork.
Dustin didn’t even bother to glance at Pyro as he leisurely sipped his drink.
“W-What?” Pyro’s expression turned from confidence to surprise. He never imagined that his ax, which could cut through iron effortlessly, would be stopped by a fork.
What surprised him even more was that when he tried to pull his ax, it wouldn’t budge. The fork’s prongs acted like a clamp, firmly holding the ax. No matter how hard Pyro tried, he couldn’t break his ax free.
This sight shocked Pyro and left the other four members of Evil Quintet bewildered.
###Chapter 2046 by Marina Vittori
“Did he block it with a fork?”
Terra and the others frowned, and their expressions turned serious. At first, they didn’t think Dustin was good enough to be friends with Dalen. But they soon realized Dustin was far from a mere weakling.
Terra and the others knew how strong Pyro was. Even a Divine-level martial artist couldn’t get close to Pyro in a battle.
And then, there was that crazy moment with a fork stopping an ax attack. It was pretty unbelievable. Terra and the others acknowledged Dustin’s strength was much stronger than Pyro’s.
“Release it!” Pyro bellowed, frustration building as his ax remained firmly lodged. A surge of anger roared within him.
He quickly grabbed another ax from behind and swung it fiercely at Dustin. The attack was faster and more powerful, sharp enough to cut a person in half.
“You’re getting in over your head,” Dustin said coldly. With a casual flick of his finger, he sent the wine glass hurtling toward Pyro’s face.
“Ah!” Pyro screamed in pain, tumbling backward ten or 15 feet.
He crashed into a table and ended up sprawled on the ground. His once unappealing face was now marred by blood, a broken nose, and two missing teeth, rendering him even more menacing.
“Pyro!” Terra and the others’ expressions changed when they saw Pyro defeated. They rushed forward to help him up.
When they met Dustin’s gaze, fear filled their eyes. With just a wine glass, they saw Pyro was quickly taken down. It became clear that Dustin possessed an overwhelming strength.
“Damn it! I’ll take you on!” After getting up, Pyro became furious.
He shoved aside those around him. Then, he wielded his ax with both hands and charged at Dustin. It was intolerable to be humiliated by Dustin.
“Stop!” Suddenly, Dalen stood up and slapped Pyro across the face.
The sharp sound of the slap echoed, leaving Pyro stunned. His gaze met Dalen’s, a mixture of shock and surprise.
“You’ve got some nerve!” Dalen exclaimed coldly.
He continued, “Dustin is my friend. If you dare lay a hand on him, you’re disrespecting me. If you keep acting up, don’t blame me for being blunt!”
Watching the pretentious Dalen, Dustin just smiled faintly without saying anything. Dustin was aware of Dalen’s sly nature.
Throughout the time, Dalen stayed silent to test Dustin’s abilities using Pyro. Now realizing Pyro couldn’t win, he promptly stepped forward, pretending to be righteous.
Unbeknownst to many, Dalen’s cunning scheme easily ensnared those unfamiliar with his true intentions.
“Dalen, take it easy. Pyro acted on impulse. Please don’t take it to heart.” Terra quickly stepped in with a smile, trying to diffuse the escalating tension.
“Why are you still standing there? Apologize to Dustin!” Dalen urged as he kicked Pyro. Pyro clenched his teeth, choosing silence as his gaze focused on Dustin.
###Chapter 2047 by Marina Vittori
“Hey! Are you mute? I might have to give you a wake-up slap.” Dalen pretended to be mad, lifting his hand as if he were going to hit Pyro.
Terra stepped in, urging. “Dalen, let’s talk it out. Pyro has had enough. Look at his bloody face.”
“What’s the fuss about a bloody face? He brought it on himself!” Dalen pushed Terra aside, shouting, “If he doesn’t apologize to Dustin, I’ll break his legs!”
“Alright, that’s enough. Let’s stop this and grab a bite. We haven’t eaten yet,” Dustin interrupted, putting a stop to the commotion.
Although it was an act, Dalen respected Dustin and didn’t argue further. ”
Dustin, you’re generous. I appreciate that.”
Dalen nodded at Dustin. Then, Dalen glanced at Terra and the others, saying sternly, “The five of you, take a hike. Don’t ruin my chill time with Dustin!”
“Dalen, we were tasked this time to…” Terra paused in his words.
“I know what to do. You don’t have to remind me. Get lost!” Dalen shot a cold glance at Terra.
Terra was startled and refrained from saying anything. He quickly gestured for the others to leave.
As they exited the tavern, Aqua protested. “Terra! That bastard injured Pyro so badly. Shouldn’t we do something about it?”
Typically, only the Evil Quintet from the Shadow Citadel bullied others, and nobody dared to disrespect them like this.
If Dalen hadn’t stopped them just now, Aqua would have shown Dustin the power of his Heartrend Grip technique. Terra said calmly, “That youngster is surprisingly strong for his age. He’s got some impressive roots for sure.
“Let’s concentrate on the mission and avoid unnecessary problems. We can talk about this again after the Combat Tournament.”
Upon hearing this, the others just nodded. As Shadow Citadel disciples, they knew it was crucial to focus on their tasks. Worrying about revenge would be the least of their concerns since failing the mission meant losing their lives.
Back inside the Tipsy Tavern, Dalen apologized to Dustin, feeling embarrassed. “Sorry about their earlier behavior, Dustin. They’re a bit rough around the edges. I apologize on their behalf.”
“No worries, Mr. Shade. You did the right thing. If you hadn’t intervened in time, things might have taken a bloody turn today,” Dustin responded with a wry smile.
“Dustin, your martial skills are unparalleled. They wouldn’t stand a chance against you. Let’s consider this drink an apology,” Dalen said as he raised his glass and downed it in one go.
As the strong liquor went down, Dalen’s originally fair and exotic face quickly flushed with a rosy hue, making him look alluring. Dustin raised an eyebrow, feeling a strange sensation inside him.
Dalen’s complexion was even more appealing than a woman’s. His expressions and smiles were truly captivating. It was easy to be drawn in if a person was not careful.
“Dustin, if you’re participating in the Combat Tournament, keep an eye out for a few specific people,” Dalen added, getting straight to the point after finishing his drink.
“Oh? Who are they?” Dustin asked.
Dalen shared with a serious tone, “The Sacred Wyrm Summit is organizing the Combat Tournament, and this time there’s an age limit.
“Those over 40 can’t join, so we won’t be against experienced elites. Our main rivals will be those mentioned in the Legendary List.
“Those who make it to the Legendary List are not just super talented but incredibly strong. Each person on the list is considered a true genius. This year’s list is powerful, with individuals showing off exceptional skills.
“Take Jude, who’s number ten on the list. He’s a master of spear techniques and effortlessly defeated three martial artists from abroad who were grandmasters.
“Then, there’s Sam, ranked ninth. He’s from the Dawson Clan and is a super rare talent. He mastered all sorts of hidden weapons when he was only eight.
“By the time he hit 20, he was a grandmaster. He was awarded the Storm Needles, which can break through internal energy and take out grandmasters.
“And Kendricks, who’s at number eight, has some wild rumors about him. People say he’s a ruthless demon who doesn’t think twice about killing.
“When he entered the martial world, he single-handedly wiped out three major sects in the north and beheaded three grandmasters. He’s got quite a reputation.
“So, we’ve got to keep an eye on these three and be careful. I got word that they were seen near Sacred Wrym Summit, and it looks like they’re planning to participate in the Combat Tournament.”
###Chapter 2048 by Marina Vittori
Upon hearing Dalen’s words, Dustin nodded. “There seems to be a lot of excitement about this Combat Tournament.”
Dustin came to Sacred Wrym Summit to look into the Dracan essence’s information. Additionally, he wanted to check out the ancient secret treasures.
Despite staying focused on his mission, he planned to join the Combat Tournament to meet different heroes.
Dalen remarked, “It’s common for such events to create a buzz. Besides, the name Arion can attract top-notch elites to Sacred Wrym Summit!”
Arion, a legendary figure widely acknowledged as the best, had more influence than a royal family. The notion of such a prominent figure organizing a Combat Tournament echoed within the martial arts community and instilled fear and apprehension among those in power.
Dustin suddenly asked, “Are there other people, aside from the three you mentioned, that we should keep an eye on?”
“Yes.” Dalen nodded.
He continued, “Basically, anyone listed as Legendary is a strong contender for winning the Combat Tournament.
“However, I can’t be sure who will participate and who won’t. We still have three days until the tournament, and anything could happen then.”
Dalen seemed to remember something and added, “Oh, and there’s someone at Sacred Wyrm Summit we should be watching out for!”
“Who?” Dustin asked with great interest.
Dalen smiled ambiguously. “Have you heard of Kaden Foyer?”
Dustin replied candidly, “I’ve heard a bit. Kaden is the disciple of Arion, the Ancient Sage, Arion. Kaden became the successor to the Ancient Sage only two years ago.
“However, he has always kept a low profile, staying out of the limelight.
“There are few rumors about Kaden in the martial world. I only learned about him when I saw the Astonishing World List. He’s quite a remarkable figure.”
Kaden stood out as one of the best on the latest Astonishing World List, truly a deserving surprise contender. He didn’t have any outstanding accomplishments.
But being the successor to the Ancient Sage of Sacred Wyrm Summit was enough to secure his spot on the list. This was enough to showcase his extraordinary status.
“You seem to know a lot.” Dalen smiled faintly.
He continued, “Yes, Kaden is Ancient Sage’s successor. He’s now ranked fifth on the Astonishing World List, just below Penelope, the leader of the Mystic Arts Order.
“But remember that this ranking is from the Zenith Society and might not be accurate. Kaden might be even stronger than Penelope.”
Dustin narrowed his eyes. “Are you saying Kaden might participate in the Combat Tournament, too? If that happens, everyone else will be overshadowed.”
“That might not be true.” Dalen shook his head.
He continued, “As I mentioned, there’s an age restriction for this Combat Tournament. Those above 40 are not allowed to participate. Kaden is already over 40, so he won’t shamelessly compete with the younger generation.”
Dustin was a bit puzzled. “Why talk so much about Kaden if it’s not about him?
After all the anticipation, saying Kaden wouldn’t participate made the earlier conversation seem pointless.
Dalen said, “Although Kaden won’t be competing, he has an incredibly talented son named Caleb Foyer.
“Rumor has it that Caleb achieved grandmaster status at just 17, mastering the Ancient Sage’s technique flawlessly.
“Particularly in Glow Incantation and Stormcraft, he’s reached a level of skill that surprises everyone on Sacred Wrym Summit. None of his peers can match him, and even the Ancient Sage praises him.”
Dustin scratched his chin. “Caleb Foyer? That name doesn’t ring a bell.”
“He is only 18 this year. He doesn’t draw as much attention as his dad, Kaden. Even though he hasn’t hit the Legendary List, I think he’s as strong as Jude, Sam, or Kendricks!” Dalen said, looking serious.
“Oh, really?”
###Chapter 2049 by Marina Vittori
In a deep and meaningful way, Dustin shared. “I didn’t think you knew so much. Honestly, you seem as impressive as Caleb.”
Dalen’s deep knowledge of the Sacred Wyrm Summit set him apart from the ordinary.
Smiling humbly, Dalen responded, ” You’re giving me too much credit. I’m just someone who likes to stay informed and gossip a bit. I don’t possess any remarkable skills.”
He added, “But if you’re keen on entering the Combat Tournament, I’ll do my best to support you in winning.”
“Mr. Shade, I appreciate the compliment, but entering the Combat Tournament is more about expanding my skills than winning. I can’t imagine competing with legends, given my limited abilities,” Dustin said nonchalantly.
Dalen smiled subtly. “Dustin, don’t sell yourself short. I’m good at judging people.”
He continued, “You have a strong presence and a unique way about you. Even from a distance, I feel a sort of royal presence. I don’t know your background, but trust me, you’re not just ordinary.”
“I didn’t expect such confidence from you. It’s flattering, but I come from humble beginnings and possess modest abilities. I worry I might let you down,” Dustin replied with a smile.
“Don’t worry. Kirins aren’t common creatures. When the moment arrives, you’ll shine in tough situations.
“Even if your name isn’t big right now, I’m sure there will be a day when you rise to greater heights!” Dalen assured Dustin with confidence, showing his faith in him.
Despite Dustin’s calm exterior, he was actually quite confused.
He wondered, “What’s up with this little boy toy? We just met, but it feels like we’ve known each other for years. Could my cover be blown? That shouldn’t be!
“I disguised myself before coming here. Even if someone I know saw me, they shouldn’t recognize me. I can’t figure out where Dalen is getting all this confidence.”
While chatting, a group of burly men suddenly burst into the tavern, causing a ruckus.
They were shirtless, showing off their muscular bodies, and each had a machete strapped to their waist. They looked tough and not someone to mess with.
“Hey! Where did this beauty come from? He looks surprisingly handsome!
11
“Come on, let me take a closer look!”
As the burly men entered, they were drawn to Dalen, who naturally possessed a captivating beauty. Their faces lit up, and cheeky grins appeared like hungry wolves spotting a tasty treat.
The leader, a bearded-burly man, boldly lifted Dalen’s chin. He couldn’t help but be mesmerized by Dalen’s exquisite and flawless face.
“What a delicate beauty! I’ve lived for so many years and this is the first time I’ve seen a face so tempting. Truly something else!” The bearded-burly man marveled.
The others joined in with teasing remarks, unable to resist their mischievous thoughts.
Seeing Dalen surrounded by these burly men, Dustin couldn’t help but chuckle. Indeed, being good-looking wasn’t always a blessing, especially when Dalen was a man.
###Chapter 2050 by Marina Vittori
At times, appearing beautiful might draw unwanted notice.
Despite being a man, Dalen possessed a face more enchanting than some women. At that moment, he was confronted by a gang of burly men making unwanted advances.
Amid the commotion, Dustin opted to pay no mind to the situation and casually enjoyed his drink.
“Hey, beauty. Why stick with this weakling? Join us for a few drinks, and we’ll ensure you have a blast!” The bearded-burly man traced his finger along Dalen’s jawline with a lecherous grin.
“I suggest you back off, or you’ll regret it,” Dalen cautioned, his expression turning cold.
Although he often dealt with advances from both men and women due to his good looks, direct harassment like this was a rare occurrence.
“Beauty, are you upset?” The bearded- burly man rubbed his chin and teased, ” I’ve got to admit, the way you get all riled up is downright alluring. It’s a real spectacle, a feast for the eyes!”
In response, everyone erupted in laughter.
Dustin couldn’t help but smirk at the bearded-burly man’s flirting skills. He pondered what would happen if the bearded-burly man discovered Dalen’s true gender.
“I’ll count to three. If you don’t leave, watch out-I might just stab you!” Dalen warned sternly.
“Stab me? Haha…” The bearded-burly man chuckled, “I didn’t expect this beauty to be so fierce. How about this? Let’s go upstairs, get a room, and you can take your time stabbing me. What do you say?”
“Yeah, there are lots of rooms upstairs. We can wait in line for you!”
The others joined in the laughter.
“Three…” Dalen didn’t waste words and began counting down.
“Beauty, come on up without any worries. I’ll make sure you’re well taken care of,” the bearded-burly man said, showing off his yellow teeth with a grin.
Dalen remained cold, counting, “Two…
“If you’re not up for it, I might just have to carry you upstairs,” the bearded -burly man threatened, making a move.
Dalen frowned. He was prepared to act when a stern voice rang out from the entrance.
“Stop!”
With the shout, three well-dressed people, two women, and a man, swiftly entered the tavern.
At the forefront was a tall and striking woman in emerald. Walking by her side, a girl in red, around 16 or 17 years old, had her hair tied up neatly. On the other side, a tall and attractive young man dressed in blue.
The trio carried a sword, displaying a noble air that distinguished them from regular martial artists.
The young man in blue stepped forward and shouted, “You’ve got some nerve! Harassing a woman in broad daylight. It’s absolutely outrageous!”
As he glanced at Dalen’s beautiful face, a protective instinct kicked in as if he was ready to be a hero to rescue the distressed damsel.
The bearded-burly man spun around, looking hostile. “Who does this punk think he is, meddling in my affairs?”
“Chief, we’ve got two more beauties joining the party. It looks like we’re in for a treat today!”
The other burly men chuckled maliciously, their greedy eyes roaming over the woman in emerald and the one in red. They completely ignored the young man in blue.
The alluring woman at the table was the bearded-burly man’s prey, and the women in the blue and red dresses were their spoils.
Though the other two women fell slightly short in looks, their well- proportioned figures promised a delightful experience in bed.
“You shameless bunch! Today, I, Miles Young, will teach you a lesson!” The young man in blue was infuriated by the shameless banter of the burly men.
Without hesitating, he swiftly drew his sword and launched into an attack. Miles swung his sword rapidly, delivering strong blows.
As the blade came forth, a subtle resonance accompanied its appearance, highlighting the forceful impact.
“You’re asking for it!”
###Chapter 2051 by Marina Vittori
Seeing Miles sprang into action, two burly men jumped out from behind the bearded-burly man.
They brandished their machetes, which carried a distinct scent of blood and an intangible air, a result of years of bloodshed.
They called this practice “nurturing the weapon” in the martial world. Sadly, the machetes wielded by these burly men were still in their early stages, lacking the commanding presence.
Miles took the lead with his sword, facing off against the two burly men. Their machete swings were forceful but lacked finesse, appearing somewhat clumsy.
In contrast, Miles displayed a refined skill set, clearly benefiting from mentorship and substantial practical experience.
His speed, strength, and technique proficiency showcased a comprehensive and advanced development.
In the three-way clash, it was evident that Miles outclassed the two burly men.
With just ten moves, Miles defeated them, leaving them sprawled on the ground. Miles also punished them by stabbing each of their legs.
“Hmph! Do you believe you can be tough with such strength? That’s thinking too highly of yourself!” Miles sneered and roared with a commanding voice, pointing his sword at the beaten, burly men. “Leave now, or don’t whine when I don’t hold back with my sword!”
“Great job! Excellent!”
Cheers erupted from the onlookers as Miles triumphed. Even though they didn’t have the guts to step in, clapping to express encouragement was easy for them.
“You, punk! I’m surprised you’ve got moves. No wonder you dare to mess with us!” The bearded-burly man squinted, casually taking out his machete.
He threatened, “You made a mistake today for messing with us. When you cross paths with the Butcher Guild, there’s only one way out – a dead end!”
“The Butcher Guild? I’ve never heard of them!” Miles responded with a touch of arrogance.
“Hehe… It’s okay. After I drain your blood, you’ll know why we’re called the Butcher Guild!” The bearded-burly man laughed wickedly.
Without wasting words, he dove right in.
With a strong kick, he charged like a predator. The bearded-burly man’s machete turned into a crimson streak and mercilessly slashed Miles.
Unlike the other two burly men before, this bearded-burly man’s machete had an extra strong vibe of murder. As it swished through the air, it made a sharp, piercing sound.
“He’s too quick!” Miles’ eyes narrowed, realizing the seriousness. He immediately raised his sword to defend himself.
A light clang rang out, and sparks flew. The bearded-burly man’s machete hit Miles’ sword hard, sending Miles stumbling back a few yards.
“Die!” The bearded-burly man shouted as he relentlessly pursued Miles. Taking advantage of Miles’ unstable stance, the bearded-burly man delivered a heavy blow.
Miles managed to lift his sword in a desperate attempt to block. Another clash of metal echoed as the machete struck Miles’ sword again.
Miles felt a numbness in his wrist as the sword, blocked over his head, was forcefully rebounded and pressed heavily onto his shoulder.
“Kneel before me!” The bearded-burly man roared.
He increased the pressure on Miles’ sword. The strength behind the machete continuously battered Miles.
With a heavy thud, Miles couldn’t withstand the pressure. His knees buckled, and he kneeled on the ground.
The overwhelming strength of the bearded-burly man kept Miles pressed down, making it impossible for Miles to stand tall.
This unexpected turn of events left the onlookers tense and anxious. Nobody expected Miles, who seemed unbeatable moments ago, would be subdued by the bearded-burly man in such a short time.
###Chapter 2052 by Marina Vittori
“Ah!” Miles clenched his teeth and growled, veins popping on his face.
He tried hard to push the machete away from his shoulder by pressing both hands against his sword. Despite his efforts, the machete stayed in place, and the pressure on it kept growing.
This unyielding force was so powerful that it caused his knees to create cracks in the floor directly beneath them.
The bearded-burly man sneered.”
Hmph! Do you think you’re skilled enough to challenge the Butcher Guild? You’re overestimating yourself!”
“Chief is great!”
“Chief is strong!”
The other burly men couldn’t help but cheer at the situation.
The Butcher Guild was a respectable faction in the North, not to be messed with by someone insignificant.
“You, punk! Trying to act like a hero in front of me is the dumbest thing you’ve ever done. Today, I’ll teach you a lesson by breaking your wrist!” The bearded- burly man grinned wickedly. He swung his machete toward Miles’ wrist.
Just as Miles was about to lose his wrist, an emerald sword suddenly appeared and blocked the machete.
The bearded-burly man furrowed his brow and looked up in surprise.
The woman in emerald held the sword and stared at him coldly.
“Crystal!” Miles was overjoyed when he saw the woman in emerald. He had almost lost his hand a moment ago but was relieved she had shown up just in time.
“Missy, you want to get involved in this?” The bearded-burly man smirked.
Crystal Wesley replied coldly, “How dare you injure Miles! I won’t let you get away with it.”
The girl in red drew her sword and shouted, “That’s right! Scum like you from the martial world should be eradicated!
“Crystal, I’ll help you cleanse the world of this evil!”
Crystal said impassively, “No need. You and Miles stay back. I can handle them on my own.”
“Feeling confident, huh?” The bearded -burly man smirked.
He added, “Missy, with that petite frame of yours, I doubt you can withstand my machete. How about we drop the weapons and have some fun in bed?”
His words sparked laughter among the Butcher Guild’s members, Evil glances continued scrutinizing Crystal, accompanied by various comments.
“Stubborn fool! Today, I’ll take matters into my own hands!” She remained stoic, her expression cold.
Without wasting words, she moved her wrist and skillfully deflected the machete. Then, she swiftly thrust her sword toward the bearded-burly man’s chest and abdomen.
Her strike was fast, silent, and deadly, outclassing Miles’s sword skills by a wide margin.
“Good timing!” Unfazed, the bearded- burly man showed no fear. He swung his machete in the air, making a half- circle motion and poised to intercept Crystal’s sword.
The machete and the sword clashed, producing a light ringing sound. Onlookers believed that the bearded- burly man’s immense strength would surely give him the upper hand in a direct confrontation. However, the reality was different.
The machete did not manage to push back Crystal’s sword. Instead, in the moment of impact, her sword, like a nimble serpent, swiftly thrust toward the machete.
At a breakneck pace, her sword cut a deep wound on the bearded-burly man’s arm, causing blood to flow. Grimacing in pain, he took several steps back to create distance.
However, Crystal didn’t give him a chance. With a quick step, she closed the gap, and her sword thrust toward the bearded-burly man again.
Despite his attempt to block with the machete, she skillfully bounced it away with a flick of her wrist, accurately stabbing into the bearded-burly man’s shoulder.
“W-What!” His expression changed, and he retreated again.
Crystal kept going, swinging her sword and launching precise attacks relentlessly.
###Chapter 2053 by Marina Vittori
Every time Crystal swung her sword, it left a bleeding gash on the bearded- burly man. Within moments, he had been stabbed over a dozen times, left without any means of defense.
Despite his strength, she outclassed him entirely in skill. The spectators were amazed and impressed as her advanced swordsmanship shone brightly.
“Ah!” the bearded-burly man cried in agony.
With his tendons severed, he collapsed onto the ground. He was now crippled, covered in blood and numerous wounds, though they were not fatal.
“Chief!” The Butcher Guild disciples were shocked and enraged to witness their typically imposing and unstoppable chief suffering in such a manner.
“Damn it! How dare you hurt our chief? You’re pushing your luck!”
“Everyone! Let’s teach this bitch a lesson!”
The Butcher Guild disciples roared, brandishing their machetes and charging at Crystal with anger.
She snorted coldly and mercilessly thrust her sword into the attacking crowd. “Ember Strike!”
In less than a moment, the Butcher Guild disciples were screaming and collapsing to the ground. Some had broken hands, others broken feet, and blood splattered everywhere.
“Great job with that sword, Crystal!” the girl in red cheered.
“Hmph! These troublemakers dared to challenge the mighty Sword Union. They don’t know their place!” Miles spat disdainfully.
“What… what? You’re the Sword Union disciples?” Upon hearing this, the faces of the Butcher Guild members turned pale with fear.
The Sword Union was one of the three major sects in the martial world, alongside the World Society and the Mystic Arts Order. Although the Sword Union had few disciples, each one was exceptional.
A standout among them was Glenn. He was young but already on the Legendary List, ranking tenth on the Astonishing World List. This made him one of the top elites in the world.
The Sword Union claimed two spots in the top ten of the Astonishing World List, solidifying their leadership among the three major factions.
The Butcher Guild disciples were unaware they would run into the Sword Union disciples. If the Butcher Guild disciples had known, no amount of bravery would have encouraged them to be so daring.
Miles stepped forward, planted his foot on the bearded-burly man’s chest, and said condescendingly, “What’s the matter? Are you feeling scared now? Weren’t you guys pretty arrogant just a moment ago? Let’s see if you can keep up the tough act.”
“We messed up, and we won’t do it again! Please have mercy and let us go! “The bearded-burly man, looking worried, pleaded for forgiveness.
Crystal spoke coldly, “Don’t let me catch sight of you again. Hurry up and scram!”
“Yes, we’re leaving!” The bearded- burly man nodded and hastily signaled his companions to carry him out.
Soon, the troublemakers disappeared without a trace.
“Crystal, why did you let them go? They’re all scum of the martial world,” the girl in red asked, looking confused.
“They’re already crippled. They won’t cause any trouble in the future. Let them live,” Crystal replied calmly.
No intense hatred existed, so there was no reason to kill the Butcher Guild members.
“Thank you for the help, Miss. We’re truly grateful.” Dalen promptly stood up and expressed his gratitude.
Crystal shook her head slightly and said, “Just a small gesture, not a big deal.”
“You’re gorgeous, miss. Be careful when you’re out and about,” the girl in red sweetly warned.
“Miss, are you hurt? I know about medicine. Would you like me to check?” Miles approached with a gentle smile, appearing like a caring man.
Upon hearing this, the corner of Dalen’s mouth twitched, and with a strange expression, he said, “I’m a man.”
###Chapter 2054 by Marina Vittori
“W-What!”
Dalen’s words surprised the few people standing there. It took them a moment to process the unexpected revelation.
Miles, who had been expressing his feelings, stood still with an awkward smile. His eyes widened, hands hovering in confusion.
How could that happen? Could it be that his daring rescue mission, intended for a damsel, was actually for a man?
“A man? You’re… kidding, right?” The girl in red scrutinized Dalen with disbelief on her face. How could someone with such an attractive face be a man?
Crystal hesitated, mouth slightly agape, unsure of how to react.
So, the troublemakers from the Butcher Guild, who had caused a ruckus earlier, weren’t harassing a woman but a man? This unexpected turn of events was truly one of a kind.
“I’m not kidding. I’m a real gentleman, “Dalen affirmed with a nod: Mistaking his identity wasn’t new for him when he ventured outside.
The girl in red hesitated before stating, “But your appearance…”
“I’ve got a male body with a female appearance, can’t do much about it.” Dalen shrugged, feeling somewhat helpless.
“What a shame.” The girl in red shook her head.
For him to have such a pretty face, wouldn’t it be awesome if it were hers?
“Miles, what’s wrong with you? Are you okay?” The girl in red patted Mile’s shoulder when she saw him still in a daze.
“What? Oh, I’m fine, just… a bit surprised, that’s all.” Miles quickly snapped out of his daze.
However, his gaze continued to size up Dalen, still finding it hard to believe that such a seductive and charming face belonged to a man. What a waste of beauty.
“Hi, I’m Dalen. What’s your name?” Dalen greeted, reaching out for introductions.
“I’m Crystal Wesley,” replied the woman in green, offering a friendly gesture.
“I’m Ruby Wesley.” The girl in red smiled sweetly. Although Dalen was a man, he still looked handsome.
“I’m Miles,” Miles greeted with a nod, his expression somewhat peculiar. Thoughts about the earlier incident still lingered in his mind.
“Nice to meet all of you. Why don’t we sit down and have a drink together?” Dalen invited, extending his hand.
He introduced, “This is Dustin, and these two are his personal guards…”
Laurel and Willow stood up at the same time, introducing themselves.
“Nice to meet you.” Crystal nodded, exchanging greetings.
“Please, take a seat.” Dalen smiled faintly.
Then, he called out, “Waiter, bring us a few more bottles of good wine!”
Dalen was a typical outgoing man. Crystal and her companion carried out a heroic rescue, and that deed made a lasting impression on him.
###Chapter 2055 by Marina Vittori
After a few drinks, everyone loosened up and started chatting. Dalen asked, “Ms. Wesley, I’ve heard you’re the Sword Union disciples. Are you here for the Combat Tournament at the Sacred Wrym Summit?”
Crystal nodded. “Yes, that’s right.” She was reserved and not much of a talker.
Ruby, the lively one, chimed in with a smile. “Dalen, truth be told, we’re here because our guildmaster told us to.
“The Ancient Sage is hosting the Combat Tournament at the Sacred Wrym Summit this time. It’s creating quite a buzz.
“Not only Sword Union, but other groups like the Celestial Alliance and the Mystics Arts Order are sending their top disciples to participate.”
“Ruby, did the Sword Union only send the three of you?” Dalen asked curiously.
“Not really,” Ruby shook her head. ” We’re here just for fun. The real Sword Union contestants are someone else.”
Ruby and Miles were only at the later stages of being divine-level martial artists. Crystal, while strong, was only halfway to becoming a grandmaster.
They weren’t up to the level of legends. So, they couldn’t be the Sword Union’s representatives in the tournament.
“Someone else? Could it be Glenn?” Dalen asked, raising an eyebrow.
“I don’t know about that.” Ruby chuckled.
She added, “Glenn is quite unpredictable. Whether he’ll participate in the Combat Tournament, no one can say for sure.
“But if he does decide to join, the championship will undoubtedly belong to our Sword Union.”
Glenn was not only at the top of the Legendary List but also made it to the Astonishing World List at a young age, making him the pinnacle talent of the Sword Union.
Unfortunately, Glenn was known for his arrogant and solitary nature, showing little regard for anyone except his guildmaster.
“Ruby, let’s not speak too soon,” Crystal interjected.
She continued, “Glenn is indeed formidable, being the top talent of the Sword Union. However, don’t forget there’s another person who stands equal with him.”
“Who is it?” Ruby looked surprised.
“Kirin, also known as Logan,” Crystal calmly stated.
“Logan? Is he stronger than Glenn?” Ruby asked.
“They’re evenly matched, whether you’re talking about the Legendary List or the Astonishing World List. We won’t know for sure who’s stronger until they face off for real,” Crystal explained.
“Crystal, you’re boosting someone else’s morale while undermining your prestige.” Miles protested.
He added, “What’s this about Kirin being comparable to Glenn? Kirin is just a name without substance. How could he be on par with Glenn?”
Glenn, the pride of Sword Union, became the ultimate grandmaster at 20.
In terms of talent and strength, he surpassed everyone in the Sword Union’s century-long history, even making the guildmaster of that time feel inadequate.
To Miles, such an outstanding talent had no equal.
Crystal, with a serious expression, emphasized. “Anyone who shares the top spot with Glenn on the Legendary List is no ordinary person. You may not like it, but you can’t underestimate Kirin.”
As a person’s cultivation level increases, they would realize the significance of being on the Legendary List.
“Ms. Wesley is right. Logan is indeed extraordinary.” Dalen concurred.
He added, “I haven’t seen him in person, but I’ve heard plenty of rumors. He’s the kind of person who makes the geniuses in Oakvale feel inferior.”
“Wow! He’s that impressive?” Ruby’s eyes lit up.
“Of course.” Dalen smiled. “I’ve heard that Logan not only has great talent and an impressive background but also has a charm that captivates many women.”
“I never thought he’d be handsome. That’s awesome!” Ruby exclaimed happily.
Good-looking, skilled in combat, and with an impressive background-men like that were hard to find.
“Don’t daydream. Someone like Logan wouldn’t even notice you.” Crystal dashed Ruby’s hopes with a dose of reality.
“Crystal! Seriously? What’s wrong with me? Why wouldn’t he be interested?” Ruby proudly defended herself, highlighting her looks, intelligence, and popularity.
She continued, “I’m everyone’s dream girl, and you just can’t see it!”
Crystal looked at Ruby and said, “If you had Dalen’s face, maybe you’d stand a chance.” 1
After hearing this, both Dustin and Dalen spit out their drinks.
###Chapter 2056 by Marina Vittori
Dustin glanced at Dalen. No matter how gorgeous Dalen was, Dustin couldn’t imagine himself liking another guy.
Dalen coughed uncomfortably as he sipped his drink, his face contorted in discomfort. He grinned wryly and remarked, “Ms. Wesley, I can’t tell if you’re praising me or teasing me with that remark.”
“It’s a compliment! Your gorgeous face could win over any man,” Crystal said with a straight face.
“Oh, well…” Dalen was momentarily speechless.
Did she have to say that to his face? Something didn’t feel right.
“If you don’t believe me, just ask Miles, “Crystal said.
At that moment, Miles was staring right at Dalen. When Crystal mentioned his name, he slightly tensed, swiftly shifting his gaze away with a nervous and guilty expression.
“W-What? Me?” Miles awkwardly responded. “Quit joking around, Crystal. What does this have to do with me?”
“You seem a bit off, Miles.” Ruby raised an eyebrow. She looked around mischievously and smirked. “You’re not bewitched by Dalen, are you?”
“You… you brat! What nonsense are you spouting?” Miles blurted out, flustered. “I’m a man, and Dalen is also a man. There’s no way anything like that could happen between us.”
“Miles, loosen up. I’m just teasing.” Ruby chuckled. “And hey, love is love. If you guys have feelings for each other, I’d give you my blessing.”
“Hey, you’re really getting more outrageous with your words!” Miles said, looking annoyed and ready to throw a punch.
Ruby immediately hid behind Crystal, giggling uncontrollably.
Dalen, being the one involved, just felt speechless upon hearing that.
While Miles was messing around with Ruby, he would occasionally sneak a glance at Dalen. What started as a joke became quite intriguing with those sneaky looks.
“Dustin, Ms. Wesley, is this your first time at Sacred Wrym Summit? How about I show you around and help you get familiar with the place?” Dalen promptly changed the topic after sensing something was off.
“Sure.” Crystal nodded.
“We appreciate it, Mr. Shade,” Dustin added with a subtle smile.
His main task on this trip was to find the Dracan essence. But with his current strength, freely entering Sacred Wrym Summit was not feasible.
After all, both the Ancient Sage Arion and his successor, Kaden, were not opponents Dustin could handle.
Plus, the situation was unclear, and he needed to hide his identity. Following Dalen’s group would be less conspicuous.
Dalen walked through the ancient town. He fanned himself while enjoying the scenery. He asked, “Do you guys know why Sacred Wrym Summit is hosting the Combat Tournament this time?”
“I know!” Ruby volunteered.
She said, “I heard they’re organizing the Combat Tournament to select talents and bring glory to the nation!”
Hearing this, Miles couldn’t help but burst into laughter. “Ruby, you’re way too na?ve to believe such nonsense, aren’t you?”
###Chapter 2057 by Marina Vittori
“Isn’t that the case?” Ruby asked, tilting her head in confusion.
“Sacred Wrym Summit has been around for years without getting involved in martial world matters.
“Now, they’re suddenly organizing the Combat Tournament. There must be a hidden reason,” Miles explained.
Organizing talent recruitment to bring honor to the nation might have been fitting for the Martial Arts Union. But with the Sacred Wyrm Summit as the host, it seemed implausible.
“So, tell me, what’s the hidden reason? ” she asked.
“How would I know? I’m just a bystander.” He shrugged, well aware of his role.
“Dalen, since you raised this question, you must have some insider information, right?” Crystal asked.
Dalen replied, “I don’t have any insider information, but I did manage to gather some news.”
He added cryptically, “Word is, there’s a rare treasure appearing in the forbidden area behind Sacred Wrym Summit.
“This treasure doesn’t just impact the destiny of the martial world in the next century. It is also crucial for the fate of our nation.”
Ruby asked excitedly, “What kind of treasure could be so powerful?”
Crystal and Miles shared a surprised look, not quite expecting this.
Whether it was the martial world’s ups and downs or the nation’s fortunes and misfortunes, these were essential matters. Dalen lowered his voice and said, “I believe this treasure is related to the Dracan essence.”
Dustin raised an eyebrow upon hearing this but quickly returned to his usual demeanor.
Curious, Ruby asked, “What’s a Dracan essence?”
With a serious tone, Crystal explained, ” Dracan essence is the core power of the Dracan force.
“When the Dragon Guard was destroyed some time ago, the subterranean Dracan force transformed into five strands of Dracan essence, scattering across the world.
“There’s a rumor that whoever gets hold of the Dracan essence is destined for greatness. They will achieve remarkable success!”
The Dragon Guard got wiped out, and the Dracan force got isolated. It created a big commotion when this happened, and Crystal naturally got wind of it.
“Really? Is it that incredible?” Ruby’s eyes widened.
“I’ve read relevant records in ancient books. Anyone who obtains the Dracan essence becomes a powerful sovereign or a king ruling the land,” Crystal explained.
“Ms. Wesley is right,” Dalen added. ” The Dracan essence is a valuable treasure that can change fate. Even a beggar can rise to the top with it.”
“Hold on!”
Miles seemed to have realized something and suddenly said, “If the Dracan essence is the extraordinary treasure hidden in the forbidden area of Sacred Wrym Summit, could this Combat Tournament be about deciding who gets it?”
“It’s possible.” Dalen nodded.
He continued, “Although Sacred Wrym Summit usually stays above worldly matters, the appearance of this treasure is a twist of fate. They can’t go against destiny.
“Fortunately, they decided to hold a Combat Tournament, allowing us to compete for it. Whoever wins will be deemed as chosen by destiny!”
“Oh, I get it,” the group murmured, looking thoughtful.
If Dalen were right, this Combat Tournament at Sacred Wrym Summit would be exceptionally intense.
Rare treasures that could change a person’s fate were hard to come by, and no faction would easily let it slip.
“Hurry up! There’s a fighting stage ahead. Let’s go check it out!”
As they walked, they heard a commotion ahead. They saw a crowd gathering, indicating that something significant was happening.
“What’s all this excitement? Come on, let’s go take a look!” Dalen suddenly became interested. He folded his fan and headed toward the commotion.
###Chapter 2058 by Marina Vittori
In the center square of the ancient town, a crowd of onlookers, primarily martial artists, had gathered.
All eyes were on a young man in warrior gear, rocking wooden sandals and a bun hairdo. He chilled on a bench with only a bottle of wine and a sword on the table.
The man sipped his drink casually, not bothering about the talks around him. Behind him stood a middle-aged man in a suit and white gloves, dressed like a butler.
Though the butler seemed meek around the young man, his eyes scanned the crowd with a snobby air.
The butler spoke loudly to the gathering crowd, “Listen up, people from Dragonmarsh!
“Meet our young master, Marco Alessandro! We’re from Kimboku and came to Sacred Wyrm Summit to challenge the best fighters from Dragonmarsh.
“We’re having a three-day tournament. If anyone can beat Mr. Alessandro, they’ll get the ‘Demon Sword,’ one of Kimboku’s top ten swords!
“But if you’re not up for it, you’ll have to cancel the tournament and accept that you’re just a bunch of eastern scoundrels!”
As soon as he said this, the whole crowd went wild. Those with a short fuse started throwing insults right away.
“What the heck! You’re incredibly arrogant. I’m not going to let you off!”
“Bastard! How dare you display such
arrogance in Dragonmarsh? You’re practically begging for trouble meddling with us in this place!”
“Damn it! Don’t even think about holding me back. I must confront these two imbeciles head-on!”
The butler’s words turned everything chaotic, with insults and angry remarks filling the air.
Some hot-headed youths even brandished their weapons, gearing up for a fight. Challenging the martial artist of Dragonmarsh openly at the foot of Sacred Wrym Summit was like walking into a death trap.
“If you’re not satisfied, feel free to challenge Mr. Alessandro on the stage. But be warned, if you fight unfairly by outnumbering us, we won’t back down either,” the butler said impassively.
He knew his words would stir anger, but he never saw these people as a real threat from the moment he spoke.
“Stop!”
Suddenly, a gray-haired elderly man stepped forward, halting the eager youths who were about to launch an attack.
The elderly man, clearly of noble stature, spoke with authority, instantly shushing the crowd.
Surveying the surroundings, the old man declared, “As representatives of the mighty nation of Dragonmarsh, we won’t allow ourselves to be disturbed by the provocations of a small country.
“If warriors from Kimboku want to challenge us, let’s have a fair fight. They should admit our victory with sportsmanship.”
“Elder Douglas is right! If we rush in and defeat them hastily, it’s not honorable. People will mock us. Since they want a stage, let’s give it to them! Let’s defeat them on the stage!”
“Exactly! Dragonmarsh has many skilled martial artists. We can openly beat those Kimboku warriors on the stage and completely embarrass them!”
Many people agreed with these thoughts. Although they wanted to teach these two arrogant Kimboku warriors a lesson, they knew they had to win in a fair and honorable way.
The butler stared at the elderly man and asked, “By the way, who are you?”
###Chapter 2059 by Marina Vittori
“I’m Quincy Douglas, the guardian of the Celestial Alliance!” declared the elderly man, standing with his hands clasped behind him.
“What? He’s Quincy Douglas?”
“The Celestial Alliance is the top martial arts group in the martial world. It has ten guardians, each overseeing a specific region. Who would’ve thought we’d be lucky enough to meet Elder Douglas here today?”
“Elder Douglas has been the guardian of the Celestial Alliance for many years, holding a high-ranking position. With him here, those two Kimbokurats won’t be causing much havoc!”
Conversations buzzed among the crowd, with eyes showing particular reverence toward Quincy.
While many hadn’t seen Quincy in person before, they were familiar with his reputation.
As one of the elite top ten guardians of the Celestial Alliance, Quincy was undeniably a significant presence in the martial world.11
Not only was he strong and experienced, but he also commanded great respect wherever he went.
“So, you’re the elites of the Celestial Alliance. I’ve heard about you.” The butler nodded. His attitude was less arrogant than before.
The Celestial Alliance’s name was well- known in Kimboku, with its Ten Guardians and Four Elders catching the attention of various factions. Meeting such influential figures in their first battle was unexpected, making their trip worthwhile.
“Let’s skip the small talk. You Kimboku warriors want a face-off, and we Dragonmarsh martial artists are up for it!” Quincy proudly raised his head. ” So, how do you want to do this?”
“A one-on-one showdown on the stage, of course.”
The butler gestured toward Marco, sitting and drinking on the side.
The butler announced, “Mr. Alessandro will have three matches with you today. You can pick any martial artist to challenge him. If you can beat Mr. Alessandro, the legendary ‘Demon Sword’ is yours.”
“We don’t care about that so-called legendary sword of yours. We’ll show you how foolish your actions are today with our strength!” Quincy stated coldly.
“Let’s just see,” the butler replied with a subtle smile.
He added, “For the first challenge, would you like to join and compete against Mr. Alessandro?”
Quincy glanced disdainfully at Marco and snorted. “Hmph! A kid without a beard doesn’t deserve my personal involvement. Beating him would be too easy.”
Marco, in his early twenties, was simply ignored by Quincy, a respected guardian of the Celestial Alliance. Quincy, known for his high virtue and reputation, had no interest in facing off against Marco.
With the recent influx of talented young individuals at Sacred Wrym Summit due to the Combat Tournament, Quincy was confident he could find a suitable contender.
“Anyone here confident enough to defeat this person and bring honor to our nation?” Quincy shouted, looking around for someone up to the challenge.
“I can do it! Let me try!”
“Come on! Your strength won’t cut it. You’ll just end up embarrassing yourself. I’m the best choice for this!”
“The Alessandro family is a big deal in Kimboku. The fact that Marco is daring to challenge us all the way at Sacred Wyrm Summit means he’s no ordinary guy. Those with average strength should steer clear.”
“Exactly! Losing wouldn’t just be a personal embarrassment but a disgrace for all Dragonmarsh martial artists. Only talents like me can ensure a victory. Move aside, everyone!”
At this point, many talented young people and martial arts experts in the martial world were trying to get noticed.
Some were fed up with the Kimboku warrior’s arrogance and were set on giving them a reality check.
On the flip side, this was the Sacred Wyrm Summit-a place known for producing legends and elites gathered.
If they could defeat the Kimboku warriors and bring honor to the nation, it would surely get them recognized.
They didn’t want to pass up this chance, not just for personal reasons but also for the greater good.
###Chapter 2060 by Marina Vittori
“I’m the disciple of the Sword Union! Let me deal with that bastard!”
Suddenly, a loud shout came from the crowd.
It was Miles, who had just arrived at the scene. He had come for some fun but ended up witnessing a warrior from the Kimboku being all boastful. Being a passionate young man and a disciple of the Sword Union, he couldn’t stand it anymore.
“Miles, that guy is pretty tough. Dealing with him won’t be easy. Don’t rush into things,” Crystal, standing next to him, advised.
Even though Miles was talented and had joined the Sword Union for a few years, he still lacked experience and finesse.
While handling a Divine-level martial artist presented no issue for him, dealing with an elite would prove to be a more demanding task.
He shrugged it off, saying, “Crystal, isn’t he just a brat? What’s so great about him? While my sword skills might not match up to yours, handling that brat is a breeze!”
Miles jumped into the martial world not too long ago, full of big dreams. Now, with a great opportunity in front of him, he wasn’t about to back down.
Crystal warned earnestly, subtly reminding him, “Miles, don’t make the mistake of underestimating your opponent. Think before you act.
“This warrior from Kimboku daring to challenge martial artists near the Sacred Wyrm Summit isn’t just anybody, Charging in recklessly might lead you right into their trap.”
Seeing Marco daring to challenge martial artists at the Sacred Wyrm Summit indicated that he must be an exceptional individual from Kimboku.
Given Miles’ current strength, it was obvious that he was not a match for Marco.
“Crystal, have some faith in me, okay? I’m the same age as that brat. I can’t believe I’m inferior to him.” Ignoring the advice, he kept raising his hand for the challenge.
Due to the Sword Union’s excellent reputation, many people turned their attention toward them.
“Young man, are you the disciple of the Sword Union?” Quincy asked, drawn by Miles’ loud voice.
“Yes!” Miles promptly showed his Sword Union disciple badge to confirm his affiliation.
“Great… You’re indeed the Sword Union disciple!” Quincy nodded in satisfaction upon seeing the badge. ” Young man, what’s your name?”
“I’m Miles. Nice to meet you, Elder Douglas!” Miles nodded respectfully, full of excitement. Now in the spotlight, he could feel his adrenaline pumping.
“Miles, do you think you can beat Marco?” Quincy inquired.
“Well, I can’t promise for sure, but I believe I have a good chance!” Miles replied confidently.
“Great! That’s excellent!” Quincy chuckled.
He added, “I’ve heard that Sword Union disciples are outstanding, and today, I see it’s not all talk.
“Since you’re so confident, you’ll be representing Dragonmarsh in the battle. Remember, only victory is acceptable. There’s no room for defeat!
“No problem!” Miles nodded respectfully. “Even if I have to risk my life, I’ll defeat the warriors from Kimboku and bring glory to our nation!
“Excellent! Well said!”
The crowd applauded to show their support for Miles’ determination. 1
Although the Celestial Alliance held the most influence and members in Dragonmarsh, when it came to elite disciples and master quality, the Sword Union clearly stood out at the top.
The Sword Union recruited disciples with extraordinary talents, though they were few in number but high in quality.
Glenn was a prime example. In his twenties, he not only became an ultimate grandmaster but also climbed the ranks of the Astonishing World List.
The prestige of such achievements was enough for all sects to admire.
###Chapter 2061 by Marina Vittori
Given Glenn’s exceptional track record, who would underestimate the Sword Union’s disciples? So, when Miles courageously volunteered for the challenge, most people were confident.
“Miles, listen up! Be cautious, and don’t make any hasty moves!” Crystal frowned with concern.
This time, she took Miles and Ruby along to gain experience and see what talents Dragonmarsh had produced in recent years.
As for attention-grabbing situations like this, Crystal personally didn’t like them.
As a Sword Union disciple, it was essential to focus on improving sword skills and character. Crystal knew that if they cared too much about getting famous quickly, they wouldn’t get very far.
Competition in the Sword Union was tough, and they didn’t keep members who weren’t useful. Failing the yearly assessment meant getting kicked out of the sect.
Those who thought joining the Sword Union guaranteed a carefree life ended up as abandoned disciples.
“Crystal! I’ve got the arrow ready, and I gotta let it go. Trust me this time. I won’t let you down!” Miles declared. Without waiting for a reply, he marched forward with his sword drawn.
“Wait, Miles-”
Crystal was about to stop him, but Ruby interrupted, “Crystal, Miles is good with a sword. If he gets serious, defeating Marco shouldn’t be hard.
“Plus, with so many people watching, if Miles backs off now, what will others think of us, the Sword Union disciples?
Let’s give him a shot.”
“You don’t get it, do you? I don’t want Miles to take this risk because it’s about the Sword Union’s reputation. If he loses, he might get expelled from the sect!” Crystal frowned.
If it were just a minor skirmish, that would be one thing. But the situation involved a conflict between two nations.
If Miles lost, the consequences would be severed, and it was something he couldn’t have shouldered.
“Crystal, the fight hasn’t started yet. How can you be sure Miles will lose? Have faith in him, okay? We, from the Sword Union, are all talented!” Ruby said proudly.
“You really don’t get how serious this is, don’t you?” Crystal sighed, feeling a bit helpless.
After all, there was a big gap in talent.
Sure, Crystal was proud of her skills and brought honor to her family. But when compared to someone like Glenn, the difference was huge.
In this challenging situation, all she could do was hope that Miles would do amazingly well and bring back some honor to the Sword Union.
“Go, Miles! Defeat that brat!”
“Miles! You are the pride of the Sword Union and Dragonmarsh. Win decisively and make Kimboku surrender!”
“Don’t waste time talking, just go for it!
Miles confidently stepped forward to take on the challenge, and the onlookers erupted in cheers with words of encouragement.
At that moment, there were no distinctions between different sects or factions. Everyone shared the same goal of defeating the warriors from Kimboku.
The first to speak was the butler, asking, “Who goes there?”
“I’m Miles from the Sword Union, here to teach you some manners!” Miles looked radiant and spirited, relishing the praise he hadn’t heard in a while.
The butler turned and bowed deeply, saying, “Mr. Alessandro, the challenger from Dragonmarsh has arrived.”
Marco raised his glass, took a sip, and then looked at Miles. In a somewhat broken Dragonmari, he said, “You… are too weak. It’s not worth my time. Send someone stronger.
His disdainful words immediately caused a commotion in the crowd.
###Chapter 2062 by Marina Vittori
“Damn! This brat is so full of himself, completely disrespecting the Sword Union disciple!”
“Son of a bitch! Blabbering away without even throwing a punch. Let’s see how he handles it when he loses!”
“I can’t take it anymore! Get me my sword!”
Marco’s arrogance and disrespect angered many, especially Miles, whose expression instantly turned dark.
Being a Sword Union disciple meant the world to him, and usually, he earned respect wherever he went. Now, Marco had publicly embarrassed him and Miles couldn’t bear it any longer.
Miles declared aggressively, “Brat! I don’t care who you think you are. Here, you play by my rules, whether you stand strong or surrender like a defeated warrior!”
He added, “How dare you challenge us near the Sacred Wyrm Summit? Today, I’m going to teach you a lesson myself. You’ll find out there’s always someone stronger!”
With that, he pulled out his sword, pointing it straight at Marco. His clothes rustled without wind, giving him a commanding and extraordinary presence.
“Well said! Go for it, Miles! Crush this brat!” Onlookers cheered and shouted in support.
Putting his drink down, Marco picked up the sword from the table, got up slowly, and stared at Miles. “Are you sure you want to challenge me?” Marco asked coldly
Miles declared confidently, “I’m not challenging you. I’m teaching you a lesson!”
He added, “Don’t think you can run wild in Dragonmarsh with just a few tricks. With your skills, you’re far from being my opponent!”
“Alright, I admire your confidence. Show me what you’ve got.” Marco nodded and slowly unsheathed the Demon sword.
The Demon Sword ranked among Kimboku’s top ten famous swords. It was entirely red with elegant water- like patterns, measuring three feet four inches. When illuminated by sunlight, the red patterns seemed to come alive, emitting a mysterious glow.
“Keep your eyes on the sword!” Miles wasted no time and thrust his sword forward.
His goal wasn’t just to win. He aimed to win impressively, earning cheers from the crowd. This way, he wouldn’t ruin the Sword Union’s reputation or disappoint the onlookers.
Amidst the crowd, Crystal sighed softly as she observed the unfolding scene. While some may not realize it, she was fully aware of Miles’ abilities.
Dealing with a Divine-level martial artist would be a breeze for him at his current strength. However, facing an elite would be a whole different story.
Marco, the one who had set up a challenge near the Sacred Wyrm Summit, was no ordinary person. Winning against him wouldn’t be an easy task for Miles.
Dalen, casually fanning himself, turned his gaze toward Dustin and asked, ” Who do you think will win in this battle?
Dustin replied calmly, “They’re not even in the same league. There’s no comparison.”
“Oh? So, you believe Miles can come out on top?” Dalen asked mischievously.
“Of course! Miles is a sword genius, second only to Crystal. Handling that brat should be a breeze!” Ruby confidently chimed in.
“Win?” Dustin shook his head with certainty. “Honestly, Miles doesn’t stand much of a chance. If he can just manage to keep himself alive, that would be considered lucky.”
“Hey! How can you say that?” Ruby immediately got upset, placing her hands on her hips. 1
She added, “Miles is a martial arts genius. He reached an advanced divine level at 20, with intense training and excellent sword skills.
“He’s way better than you, like ten or a hundredfold better! Why do you underestimate him?”
She believed that nobody in the martial world should dare to criticize Miles. He was truly shameless!
“I’m not underestimating anyone. I’m just stating the facts,” Dustin replied calmly.
He added, “Considering Miles’ age and current level, he’s indeed outstanding. But compared to the top geniuses, he still has a long way to go.
“Unfortunately, his opponent today, Marco, happens to be among the best at the very top of the pyramid.”
###Chapter 2063 by Marina Vittori
With a scornful look, Ruby retorted, ” Hmph! Your feeble words suggest a lack of strength. Is that why you talk like that?”
She added, “What’s so great about that brat? Is he deserving of your admiration? I doubt Miles would lose to him!”
“You’ll see as it unfolds.” Dustin didn’t bother explaining or arguing further. After all, it was all about raw strength in these stage duels. The stronger one would win.
“Hmph! Once Miles takes down that brat, let’s see how you defend him!” Ruby exclaimed, frustrated.
In a moment like this, everyone should be cheering for Miles, but Dustin not only showed no support but also made sarcastic remarks. It was truly infuriating.
“Look! They’ve started!” Dalen’s words instantly grabbed everyone’s attention.
At that moment, Miles had already charged at Marco with his sword. With a flick of his wrist, his sword trembled, creating two blossoming flowers-one on the left and one on the right- thrusting toward Marco’s arms.
Marco’s face remained blank as if he knew it was coming. He took two steps back and effortlessly dodged Miles’ attack.
After the initial miss, Miles swiftly launched a barrage of sword techniques, each one with precision and speed. These strikes targeted Marco’s weak points directly.
With thrusts, slashes, strikes, feints, presses, sweeps, and parries, Miles’ swordplay carried a relentless intensity. All his movements aimed at different vital points on Marco’s body, creating a forceful gust of wind.
Miles’ sword skills were swift and impressive, leaving spectators in awe.
In contrast, Marco maintained a calm expression. He skillfully evaded Miles’ attacks with his body without unsheathing his sword.
To most observers, it appeared as though Miles was consistently pressing and gaining the upper hand against Marco.
“Such great swordsmanship! Truly impressive as a disciple of the Sword Union!”
“He’s so young, yet so skilled with a sword. Miles has a bright future ahead!”
“Miles is amazing! Crush that brat!”
The crowd was thrilled, cheering and shouting, feeling confident in an impending victory,
Miles wore a progressively serious look as he battled on. Despite unleashing a flurry of sword strikes one after another, not a single one found its mark on Marco.
No matter how he attacked, even using all his tricks, Miles felt powerless against his opponent.
He knew deep down that if the fight continued like this, he would tire himself out and ultimately be defeated, even if Marco didn’t make a move.
“Hey, brat! Can’t you face me like a real warrior? Stop dodging like a mouse!” Miles taunted, hoping to find an opening.
“If that’s all you’ve got, I won’t waste my time.” Marco swiftly dodged a strike and countered with a rapid slash at Miles.
The speed of the strike was astonishing, with only a glimpse of a mysterious red light. By the time Miles reacted, the red light had closed in on him.
Miles was caught off guard, his eyes narrowing in confusion. Without a second thought, he quickly raised his sword to defend himself.
A red light collided with Miles’ sword, making a metallic clash sound, followed by a burst of energy and a loud bang.
In an instant, his sword shattered, and he was thrown through the air as if struck by a truck. He crashed heavily on the ground a few feet away, coughing up blood before losing consciousness. Everyone fell into silence.
###Chapter 2064 by Marina Vittori
“W-What?” Everyone was confused, staring at the unconscious Miles. Their eyes widened in shock because nobody expected this to happen.
With just one swift slash, Marco sent Miles flying.
Wasn’t this too much? Just moments ago, Miles seemed to have the advantage. How did everything change so quickly? What had happened?
“Did I… did I really see that? A Sword Union disciple taken down in just one move?”
“How is that even possible? Aren’t Sword Union disciples supposed to be elites? How come they couldn’t defend against a single attack?”
“No way! That brat can’t be that strong!
After a short silence, chaos erupted throughout the entire scene.
Initially, when Miles challenged Marco, everyone thought victory was assured. There were cheers and shouts of encouragement. However, the outcome was disappointing beyond imagination.
The Sword Union disciple, who was highly anticipated, couldn’t match up to Marco. It was embarrassing and disgraceful!
“Wait, Miles lost? How is that even possible?” Ruby stared in disbelief, finding it hard to believe.
Considering Miles’s talent and strength, he was definitely among the top in his age group.
In her opinion, even if he couldn’t win, he shouldn’t have lost so miserably, right? But just one slash and he was severely hurt, coughing up blood. It was truly humiliating.
“He’s too weak,” Marco said, his tone filled with disdain as he slowly put away his sword.
He added, “I’m so disappointed. If this is the best Dragonmarsh has to offer in martial arts, it’s hardly a challenge.”
The butler chimed in, smiling. “Did everyone catch what Mr. Alessandro just pointed out?
“I knew Dragonmarsh’s martial artists were weak, but I didn’t think it was this bad. He can’t even block a single strike from Mr. Alessandro. Quite embarrassing, isn’t it?”
The moment these words were spoken, the crowd erupted in insults and shouts. Eager young individuals clenched their fists, ready to rush forward and teach Marco and his butler a lesson.
Despite the barrage of insults, not many dared to step up. They had just seen Miles, a Divine-level martial artist and elite disciple of the Sword Union, fail to defeat Marco.
If others like him were to challenge Marco, it would undoubtedly lead to embarrassment and humiliation.
“You’ve got two more shots at this challenge. Any brave martial artists from Dragonmarsh willing to step up?” The butler sneered.
He continued, “If you’re scared, you can give up. But, you’ll just have to admit that you’re nothing more than eastern scoundrels!”
“To hell with you! Stop acting all high and mighty, you brat. Dragonmarsh has plenty of skilled martial artists, and dealing with you is a walk in the park!”
“This is too much! I can’t handle it anymore! Where’s my sword?”
“Why waste time talking to them? Let’s charge together and take them down!”
The crowd seethed with anger and curses. Some even drew their swords, ready for a fight. To them, these two Kimbokurats were nothing more than a nuisance. 1
However, in the face of national pride and hatred, only a few could keep their cool. 3
“Everyone, calm down!”
###Chapter 2065 by Marina Vittori
Quincy paused, took a deep breath, and spoke with authority to the gathered crowd. “Our nation has always believed in winning with virtue.
“If we’ve decided on a duel, it must be an honorable one-on-one fight. Even if we win, it won’t truly be a victory if it’s not done fairly!”
Upon hearing this, the commotion slowly began to calm. The crowd might disagree, but they understood the importance of fair play in this martial art contest between the two nations.
“Elder Douglas! You hold the highest status here. We all respect you. Choose a skilled martial artist to teach those two a lesson, and let Dragonmarsh rise in pride!”
“That’s right! We can’t take this lightly. We must give it our all this time!
Amidst the clamor, everyone urged Quincy to pick another martial artist for the challenge.
Quincy nodded and looked at the crowd. He then thundered, “The opponent is strong, and we shouldn’t take them lightly!”
He added, “I’ve got a condition this time: only those who are at the advanced divine level or higher can participate.
“Now, all you heroes and brave ones, who’s up for the challenge to bring honor to our nation?”
As he spoke, the noise in the venue suddenly went down by half. Meeting the requirement of being at an advanced divine level or higher was tough.
Most of the people there were low-level martial artists, and only a few had reached the divine level. Those at the advanced divine level were considered elites and were rare.
The key point was that even with an advanced divine level, winning was not guaranteed. So, for a while, very few people dared to speak up, and everyone looked around.
In this situation, maybe only those big shots who rule the scene could break the deadlock. For example, Quincy himself.
At this moment, Ruby suddenly said, ” Crystal, why don’t you go up there and teach that brat a lesson.”
She added, “You’re a fully developed divine-level martial artist, perfect for the task. Dealing with that brat should be a breeze.”
Crystal stayed quiet, glancing at Miles, who had just woken up looking pale. Miles lost earlier, making the Sword Union look bad and attracting a lot of criticism.
Even though she wanted to get revenge, she wasn’t sure she could win. She hadn’t been able to gauge Marco’s depth throughout the entire duel.
After all, Miles couldn’t even block a single blow, making it impossible to discern the opponent’s true strength.
If she volunteered and ended up like Miles, it would be a devastating blow to the Sword Union’s reputation. Crystal didn’t want to take that risk, so she decided to stay silent.
Dalen turned his attention to Dustin with a grin. “You want to give it a shot? Show us your skills and represent the nation?”
“Me?” Dustin grinned slightly. “Mr. Shade, why do you think I can beat Marco?”
“Just a gut feeling,” Dalen said, casually waving his folding fan.
“Dalen, I think you would be disappointed. If Miles couldn’t handle it, what chance does he have? It would just be embarrassing.” Ruby scoffed at Dustin.
An unknown person couldn’t be compared to a Sword Union disciple, right?
“Hmph! Just because Miles failed doesn’t mean Mr. Rhys won’t succeed!” Laurel retorted.
“What’s the matter? You think you’re more outstanding than us Sword Union disciples?” Ruby glared at Laurel.
“So what if you’re from the Sword Union? Besides Glenn, who else stands out?” Willow joined in with a mocking tone.
This comment struck a nerve, infuriating Ruby.
At that moment, Miles spat out blood. His eyes rolled back, and he passed out again.
###Chapter 2066 by Marina Vittori
“Y-You-” Ruby’s face turned bright red, angered by Laurel and Willow’s words. Just as she was about to respond, there was a soft thud. Miles, who had just regained consciousness, collapsed on the ground again.
Ruby was startled and shouted, “Miles! “She quickly squatted down and administered medicine, massaging pressure points in a rush.
Dustin looked at Miles. Then, he casually flicked his fingers and inserted a silver needle into Miles’ body. The mystical pure energy carried by the needle swiftly penetrated Miles’ limbs and body, clearing his circulatory pathways.
After a few seconds, Miles finally opened his eyes again. Though weak, he seemed to be fine.
“I didn’t expect Mr. Rhys to be a skilled doctor. I’m impressed!” Dalen exclaimed with surprise.
It was not easy to accurately hit pressure points to save a person, even though injuring someone with a flying needle wasn’t difficult.
Dustin casually mentioned, “It’s just a small trick, not worth mentioning.”
“Thank you, Mr. Rhys, for lending a hand,” Crystal said politely.
Even if there was a disagreement with Ruby, and Dustin stepped in to help, it clearly showed he was a good man.
“Crystal, why are you thanking him? They’re the ones who made Miles cough up blood. Being lenient with them is already generous!” Ruby expressed her displeasure.
She didn’t find Dustin’s medical skills impressive. To her, it was just some underhanded tactics.
“Ruby, show some respect!” Crystal scolded.
Ruby started the argument initially. But after dealing with the consequences, responding rudely seemed a bit too much.
“Hmph!” Ruby glared at Dustin, but she decided not to say anything.
Meanwhile, the onlookers continued their quiet gossip. Many of them desired to bring honor to the nation and face the challenge, but their lack of strength would only lead to trouble.
Attempting the challenge not only risked embarrassing themselves but also bringing shame to their sects and factions.
Quincy scanned the surroundings and asked, “Anyone else want to give it a try?”
The Sacred Wrym Summit, filled with hundreds of martial artists, provided a stage for potential challengers. Surely, there were skilled individuals among them.
Quincy pondered if he had to intervene personally, considering that even if he won, it wouldn’t be honorable.
“I…” Crystal hesitated, about to step forward to challenge.
However, a loud voice interrupted, “Let me give it a try!”
All eyes turned to a confident young man in white, tall and muscular, confidently walking with a silver spear. The crowd even made way for him.
“Elder Douglas! I’m Vincent Lenim, and I’ve come to challenge that brat!” Vincent planted the spear on the ground, steadied himself, and nodded respectfully to Quincy.
“What? He’s Vincent Lenim, the Spearhawk from the Celestial Alliance?”
Gasps echoed through the crowd.
“Wait, who’s Vincent Lenim? Is he powerful?”
“Oh, definitely! Vincent is one of the top three among the younger Celestial Alliance members. His spear technique is unparalleled, earning him the nickname Spearhawk!”
“Not just that, Vincent is almost halfway to becoming a grandmaster, and his cultivation is so deep that he could break through anytime!”
“Wow, he’s halfway to becoming a grandmaster at such a young age. He’s bound to become the best in martial arts with time!”
“That’s awesome! With Vincent on our side, we’re sure to win!”
“Brat! Get ready to meet your end!”
###Chapter 2067 by Marina Vittori
Vincent’s arrival brought energy to the once-quiet scene. The crowd saw him as a hero, thrilled at the idea that with Vincent in the mix, defeating Marco would be easy.
“Great! Now that you’re here, I can finally relax!” Quincy exclaimed with relief as he watched Vincent step forward. As the guardian of the Celestial Alliance, he was familiar with Vincent’s skills.
Vincent, at just 25, was already halfway to becoming a grandmaster-a standout talent in the entire Celestial Alliance. Only exceptional individuals like Fenley could match his strength. 2
Vincent declared confidently, “We can’t let warriors from Kimboku act recklessly on Sacred Wrym Summit, whether it’s morally or logically, in public or private. We, the Celestial Alliance, can’t just stand idly by!”
He added, “Even if the younger generation may lack experience, we aim to bring glory to our nation and eliminate evil for the world!”
“Well said! With young talents like you in the Celestial Alliance, our sect is bound to thrive,” Quincy praised with a pleased expression.
If Vincent were to face Marco, it would significantly boost the reputation of the Celestial Alliance.
“I didn’t expect Vincent to show up. This will be interesting,” Dalen said with a light smile, gently casually waving his folding fan.
While Vincent might not match up to Fenley’s exceptional skills, he still stood among the top young disciples of the Celestial Alliance and presented a fitting challenge for Marco.
Crystal let out a small sigh of relief.
Finally, she could let go of the idea of challenging Marco.
Her cultivation level surpassed Vincent’s, who was only halfway to becoming a grandmaster. The chances of Vincent winning against Marco were much higher than hers.
“Is that Vincent, the Spearhawk? He looks really handsome!” Ruby admired Vincent, the tall guy in white with a silver spear. Her heart fluttered at the sight.
Unlike Dalen’s beauty, Vincent was handsome and charming, emitting a heroic presence that appealed to Ruby. Vincent stood out in looks, charisma, and talent, perfectly fitting the image of her dream lover.
“I’m Vincent from Celestial Alliance. I’ve come to challenge you!”
With Quincy’s approval, Vincent confidently advanced, lifting his silver spear. His sharp eyes and imposing presence released an invisible pressure, directly hitting Marco and his butler.
Marco squinted, signaling the butler to pause before he advanced to confront Vincent.
“Heh! Finally, Dragonmarsh has a decent martial artist!” Marco assessed Vincent, nodding with satisfaction. A spark of determination flickered in his deep-set eyes.
Vincent said indifferently, “In Dragonmarsh, there are many martial artists like me, and others are stronger than me. It just happened that today, I ran into you first.
“If you’re smart, surrender now and apologize. That way, you can keep your life. Otherwise, once the battle starts, I won’t hold back!”
“There’s a saying in Dragonmarsh, “To the victor go the spoils.’ If you can beat me, I’ll apologize willingly,” Marco retorted.
“Fine! Since you’re so stubborn, I’ll keep fighting until you give up!” Vincent cut the talk short.
With a flick of his feet, the spear’s shaft bounced up. Holding it with one hand, he fiercely thrust it toward Marco.
An explosion resounded, accompanied by a burst of energy as the silver spear thrust forward. In an instant, silver light overflowed, and a silver dragon roared toward Marco. It was a deadly move.
###Chapter 2068 by Marina Vittori
“Great marksmanship!” Quincy was immediately impressed by Vincent’s quick and accurate shot.
As they said, a person couldn’t judge the skill of an elite until they were in action.
Compared to Miles, a disciple of the Sword Union, Vincent surpassed him in cultivation, technique, and combat experience by more than tenfold.
With a simple shot, Vincent not only possessed astonishing power but also concealed countless variations, making it nearly impossible to defend against.
His strength was on par with that of a grandmaster martial artist – a true genius, no doubt.
Despite Vincent’s aggressive attack, Marco remained cool. Marco drew his Demon sword and slashed forward fiercely. The attack was simple and direct, without any fancy moves.
However, as the blade descended, it emitted a brilliant red light, thickening the air around it.
It was as if blood was flowing along the path of the Demon sword, creating a mysterious arc in the air. The blade then heavily collided with the silver spear.
An explosion ensued.
The clash of blade and spear unleashed a powerful energy wave that swept in all directions like a tidal wave. In an instant, debris flew, and dust filled the air.
Many people struggled to keep their eyes open against the blowing sand.
Following the intense clash, the two disengaged.
Vincent’s body trembled as he absorbed the recoil force. Without stopping, he followed the silver spear’s movement and, with a sweeping motion, aimed at Marco’s forehead.
This strike carried an immense force capable of shattering rocks. When it hit the person’s head, it felt like smashing a watermelon with a hammer, effortlessly crushing it.
Marco seemed to anticipate the attack, tilting his head to avoid the spear’s attack while slashing with his sword.
Vincent blocked it with his spear, neutralizing Marco’s powerful force, and then retreated to create distance. Leveraging the advantage of the spear’s length, he launched a fierce counterattack.
The sound of metal striking metal resonated, accompanied by numerous sparks.
Vincent relentlessly unleashed a series of powerful attacks, using various moves like thrusts, jabs, sweeps, flicks, spins, blocks, and lunges.
His spear moved so fast that it turned into a blur, making it nearly impossible for ordinary martial artists to distinguish between reality and illusion.
Vincent’s attacks were not only fast but also incredibly sharp, with deceptive angles. Each move was unpredictable.
In his hands, the silver spear seemed to possess a life of its own, responding to his every command. His mastery of spear techniques had reached an unparalleled level, even awe-inspiring from a distance.
“He truly lives up to the Spearhawk name!”
“Every thrust unleashes a dragon! It’s absolutely stunning! His spear techniques are beyond comparison!”
“Keep it up, Vincent! Uphold the honor of our Dragonmarsh martial artists!”
As Vincent showcased his skills, the crowd felt a surge of joy, and some couldn’t resist cheering. After enduring the taunts from the Kimboku brats, Vincent’s performance brought relief and pride.
“I never thought Vincent would be so brave, making those bullies lower their heads. Victory seems certain now!”
Ruby exclaimed, her eyes shining.
###Chapter 2069 by Marina Vittori
Miles had thought Fenley was the only hero in the Celestial Alliance, but now, another figure appeared-the Spearhawk, Vincent.
It was worth mentioning that Vincent was roughly the same age as Miles, but his skills far surpassed Miles. After all, Miles couldn’t even withstand a single blow from Marco.
Vincent not only held his own against Marco but also appeared to have the upper hand. This was enough to showcase Vincent’s formidable skills.
“Dustin, who do you think would come out victorious?” Dalen asked as he observed the battle.
“Vincent’s techniques have undoubtedly reached peak mastery. He also has rich combat experience. If they were at the same level, Vincent has a better chance of winning,” Dustin commented.
“Hmph! Please, even a blind person could tell,” Ruby snorted.
Vincent’s attacks were so aggressive that Marco couldn’t even fight back. Anyone could tell who was the stronger party between them.
Dustin shot a glance at Ruby and responded calmly, “Vincent would only win if they were martial artists of the same level. However, Marco’s true cultivation far surpasses Vincent’s.”
“Nonsense!” Ruby snorted, growing annoyed.
“If that brat is as good as you claim, why isn’t he retaliating? Why is he constantly pushed back by Vincent’s attacks? You’re just pretending like you know what you’re saying to sound impressive!”
Ruby equated Dustin’s actions to a traitor. How could a martial artist from Dragonmarsh praise the enemy?
“We’ll see.” Dustin didn’t bother explaining since it wouldn’t change anything.
Following the earlier battles, Dustin had already noticed that Marco was actually a martial arts grandmaster with a cultivation much stronger than Vincent’s.
Marco had merely held back his strength, intending to compete with Vincent on equal footing.
However, on equal footing, Marco was completely outmatched by Vincent’s formidable techniques, leading to the current situation where Marco found himself always on the defensive.
But this was just what could be observed from the surface. In reality, Marco could fight back anytime he wanted and overpower Vincent with the formidable cultivation of a grandmaster.
In other words, Marco could win whenever he chose to.
“Surging Dragon!” Having run out of patience, Vincent went all out and unleashed his ultimate skill.
Holding his spear with both hands, he gathered momentum by pulling back before thrusting forward with tremendous force.
A thunderous blast rang out.
A dazzling light burst forth from Vincent’s silver spear, releasing vast amounts of true energy which transformed into a colossal silver dragon head.
The dragon head appeared lifelike, with bared fangs and claws, carrying an overwhelming presence as it roared at Marco.
Everywhere it passed, winds howled, debris flew, and the sky changed color.
“What a great skill!” Marco suddenly burst out into laughter. He stood firm as he watched the dragon head charge at him.
With both hands gripping his Demon sword tightly, he tapped on the ground. Leaping high into the air, he slashed down heavily on the dragon’s head.
At that moment, the energy of a grandmaster surged from his body, forming a phantom of an armored warrior.
The warrior stood about ten feet tall and was unusually robust. His armor was black, and in his hands was a blood -red curved longsword.
The moment Marco swung his sword down, the black-armored warrior mirrored his actions. In that instant, the blood-red, curved longsword and the silver dragon head collided.
###Chapter 2070 by Marina Vittori
A deafening blast echoed through the air. The blood-red curved longsword wielded by the black-armored warrior had severed the silver dragon’s head in half.
The shockwave generated by their collision swept out in all directions like a tidal wave, blowing up debris in its path.
The crowd was forced to retreat by the gusting wind, struggling to keep their eyes open. Moments later, after the chaos subsided, a transformation had already taken place on the battlefield.
On the left, Vincent held his silver spear with a solemn expression, his clothes torn. His hand that was gripping his spear trembled slightly.
On the right, Marco stood in silence. The eerie red glow of his Demon blade faded as he sheathed it slowly.
They stood 30 feet apart, gazing at each other across the field without uttering a word. It seemed as if time had frozen.
“What happened? Who won?” The crowd exchanged looks of confusion.
That final blow had been too quick for ordinary martial artists to follow. They only saw a flash of light, followed by a thunderous explosion and a surging shockwave.
When they finally returned to their senses, the battle had already ended, and they couldn’t tell who had emerged victorious.
“Why aren’t they moving? Did Vincent win?” Ruby asked curiously.
“Seems like it.” Miles nodded.
“Vincent’s last strike was incredible. That brat couldn’t possibly have withstood it. He might look unharmed, but he must be seriously injured and will collapse soon!”
“That’s great!” Ruby was overjoyed. ” As expected of the legendary Spearhawk. Let’s see if that brat still dares to act haughtily after this battle!”
The outcome of this battle not only concerned Vincent’s reputation but also represented the nation’s dignity. If Vincent won, it would undoubtedly mark a remarkable achievement.
Despite their optimism, Crystal frowned slightly, appearing solemn.
If her eyes hadn’t failed her, during that final strike, it had been the black- armored warrior who severed the silver dragon head.
“Hey! You enemy bootlicker!” Right then, Ruby shifted her attention to Dustin.
“Didn’t you claim that the brat would win? What do you have to say for yourself now?”
“The outcome has been decided. There’s nothing more to say,” Dustin replied indifferently.
“Hmph! So, you’re finally at a loss for words? Realized you’re in the wrong, did you? Own up to your mistakes next time. Don’t constantly submit to others. It’s embarrassing,” Ruby said with a smirk.
Just as she finished her sentence, Vincent’s silver spear suddenly snapped into two pieces. The spearhead clattered to the ground, igniting a few embers.
Following that, a gaping hole materialized on his shirt. Beneath his shirt, on his chest, a red laceration appeared.
At first, the laceration was as thin as a strand of hair, but within moments, it expanded into a horrifying gash, unleashing a torrent of blood.
Vincent’s body convulsed. Finally reaching his limits, he expelled a mouthful of blood. Unsteady on his feet, he eventually collapsed to the ground.
Despite his struggles to rise, he remained on the ground. His face turned pale, and he was drenched in sweat.
The surroundings plunged into silence as the crowd witnessed the scene before them. They were dumbfounded, finding it hard to believe. No one expected Vincent to suffer such a devastating defeat.
“How is this possible? Spearhawk lost?”
“No! It can’t be! Vincent has unparalleled spear techniques. How could he lose to that brat?”
###Chapter 2071 by Marina Vittori
“What just happened? How did it end up like this?”
After a brief silence, the scene erupted into chaos. What happened was out of everyone’s expectations.
Vincent, coming from a prestigious family with exceptional spear techniques and profound cultivation, had maintained the upper hand against Marco.
So, how was he defeated after just a single strike? What exactly happened?
“He… lost?” Ruby was stunned. She stood with her eyes wide open, she was at a loss.
From the moment Vincent made his appearance, she had been watching him. His handsome appearance, noble charisma, powerful cultivation, and unparalleled spear techniques had captivated her.
She had imagined countless scenarios of Vincent winning the battle, but she never expected this outcome.
“How could this be…” Miles was rendered speechless and appeared somewhat embarrassed.
His earlier confident declaration that Vincent would emerge victorious and that Marco would be defeated now seemed misplaced.
“Vincent is a semi-grandmaster with extraordinary spear techniques. If Marco was defeated, it could only mean “Dalen hesitated, furrowing his brow.
“That’s right, Marco is a grandmaster, “Crystal suddenly said.
If Marco defeated Vincent even with Vincent’s current cultivation, the only possible explanation would be Marco’s cultivation surpassed Vincent’s.
Crystal gave Dustin a meaningful look. She had to admit that everything Dustin had said came true.
While Vincent was undoubtedly more formidable on an even playing field, the reality was that Marco, as a grandmaster, proved to be a much more formidable opponent.
No matter how impressive Vincent’s talent and techniques were, the gap in cultivation between them was insurmountable.
Vincent leaned on his silver spear that had snapped in half, coughing up blood. Finally, he managed to rise to his feet.
“Vincent of the Celestial Alliance, you are strong, and I admire your courage. However, you are no match for me,” Marco said, shaking his head.
He had intended to compete with Vincent by relying only on his exceptional skills and suppressing his cultivation. However, during the battle, he found himself unable to defeat Vincent. So, he could only unleash his true cultivation to secure victory.
This realization made him admire Vincent’s talent. It seemed that not all martial artists from Dragonmarsh were weak and incompetent.
“It’s not over yet! I can still fight!” Vincent gritted his teeth, challenging Marco again even though he was severely injured.11
“Enough! This battle is over. Stop pushing yourself!” Quincy couldn’t bear to watch any longer and quickly intervened to stop Vincent.
If they continued the fight, Vincent wouldn’t merely be injured, he might even lose his life.
Quincy couldn’t bear to watch a talented individual like Vincent throw himself into such a dire situation.
“Elder Douglas, give me another chance! I can continue!” Vincent pleaded.
Since this battle involved the weight of national pride and the honor of the Celestial Alliance, Vincent was determined to fight until the very end.
“Just give up. You won’t be able to win.”
Quincy shook his head and advised sternly, “The disparity in your cultivations is too vast. It’s not something mere skill and experience can overcome.
“You’ll end up dying if you continue!”
“I’m going to fight even if it costs me my life!” Vincent declared through clenched teeth, emphasizing each word.
With the animosity between their countries, Vincent refused to bow before a Kimboku warrior.
Although he wasn’t Marco’s match, he was going to make Marco pay in blood even if it cost him his life!
###Chapter 2072 by Marina Vittori
Many among the crowd were moved by Vincent’s fearlessness. Despite his defeat, he still held his head high, refusing to submit to Marco.
It was a commendable spirit that served as a lesson for everyone present.
However, with Vincent now seriously injured, and his weapon snapped in half, he would only end up jeopardizing his life if the battle continued.
A prodigy like Vincent should not just meet his end here.
“Vincent Lenim! The results are clear. Stop being stubborn and withdraw immediately!” Quincy rebuked.
Even though the Celestial Alliance had numerous disciples, only a few of them were truly talented, and Vincent was one of them.
As a semi-grandmaster, Vincent should feel proud for holding his ground against a grandmaster for that long, and Quincy did not wish to see him endanger his life recklessly for a momentary outcome.
“As long as I’m still standing, I won’t admit defeat!” Vincent roared, the broken half of his spear still in hand. With that, he took a step forward and charged at Vincent.
“Nonsense!” Quincy couldn’t take it any longer and moved forward instantly, striking at Vincent’s nape with a knife hand strike.
Vincent groaned and went limp, passing out.
“Someone get him treated this instant! “At Quincy’s order, two Celestial Alliance disciples lifted Vincent up and carried him away.
Vincent’s departure plunged the atmosphere into desolation. They had lost two battles. It was embarrassing to see the brat suppress the crowd even with the number of martial artists present.
If they didn’t win the third battle, they would turn into a worldwide joke.
“It’s the second battle, and once again, my master claimed victory. You have one last chance. If it still ends in defeat, don’t blame me for ridiculing the lack of talent in Dragonmarsh!” the butler gloated.
“Who else wants to give it a try?”
Quincy scanned his surroundings, hoping to find a suitable contender.
Despite the murmurs that swept through the crowd, no one dared to step forward. Those who caught Quincy’s gaze, especially, lowered their heads inexplicably.
Who would dare step forward and risk humiliating themselves when even a formidable expert like Vincent the Spearhawk was defeated?
In the current situation, it seemed like only those ranked on the Legendary List would be able to defeat Marco.
However, were any of them among the crowd now?
“Crystal, what should we do now? That brat is too strong. If even Vincent couldn’t defeat him, who else would be able to take him on?” Ruby was growing anxious.
As a patriotic youth, she couldn’t tolerate that brat’s arrogance on Dragonmash soil.
“It looks like we would only be able to turn the situation in our favor if Elder Douglas intervenes personally.” Crystal appeared solemn.
She now knew that Marco was a grandmaster, and only Quincy would be his match among the crowd.
“Elder Douglas would undoubtedly claim victory with his skills. However, with his seniority, his win won’t be an honorable one.” Miles shook his head.
Quincy was the Celestial Alliance’s guardian and held a high prestige in the martial world. It would be outrageous to have such a prominent figure duel a young brat.
“It doesn’t matter! We just need to claim victory and regain our dignity! We can’t just let him carry on with his arrogance!” Rudy exclaimed indignantly.
Since they had lost two consecutive matches, they couldn’t afford to lose the final match as well. They had to win, even if it was through unfair means.
###Chapter 2073 by Marina Vittori
“I’ll ask once more, who else wishes to challenge the Kimboku warrior?” Quincy spoke up again.
He truly wished for a skilled martial artist to come forward voluntarily, defeat Marco, and bring honor to the country.
Otherwise, he would have to step in himself.
“What’s the matter? Is no one brave enough to challenge our master?”
The butler sneered and continued his provocation, “It looks like the rumors are true. You Dragonmarshians are just weak and cowardly eastern scoundrels! 11
His statement stirred an uproar among the crowd.
“You fucking asshole! What did you just say? I’ll fucking kill you!”
“You son of bitch! Don’t you mess with us!”
“How dare you insult us! I swear to god, I’ll kill all of you!”
The martial artists roared in fury, clenching their teeth with simmering resentment.
Several impulsive young men even made a move to charge forward, but Quincy stopped them.
Even in the rare case that they were able to defeat Marco, turning the duel into a brawl would undoubtedly stain the reputation of Dragonmarsh’s martial artists.
They would not only be labeled as eastern scoundrels but also be branded as martial artists without principles who couldn’t accept defeat gracefully.
“All you Dragonmarshians seem to know is how to rage. If you really got the skills, then prove it in a duel,” the butler taunted.
“Enough!” Quincy’s expression turned icy. He said darkly, “You want a fight? Then fight me!”
“Ha! Couldn’t hold back any longer, huh?” The butler smirked. “Quincy Douglas, you’re a prominent figure in the Celestial Alliance.
“If you suffer defeat today, it won’t just be a personal humiliation but a disgrace to the entire Celestial Alliance. Have you really made up your mind?”
Defeating a few insignificant individuals was nothing special. Marco’s reputation would only soar if he could defeat someone of Quincy’s stature.
“Hmph! I’ve traversed the realms of martial arts for countless years. While I won’t say that I’m invincible, I’m certainly not someone who would suffer defeat in the hands of just anyone,” Quincy declared coldly.
“Oh, is that so? Well, let’s wait and see, “The butler sneered before stepping to the side.
“Hold on.”
Just as Quincy was about to start the duel, Dustin suddenly stepped forward and declared confidently, “Elder Douglas, you stepping in is overkill. Allow me.”
As soon as the words left his lips, all eyes were on Dustin. A murmur of surprise rippled through the crowd as they scrutinized him.
No one expected Dustin to take on the challenge at this crucial moment.
“Hey! Do you even realize what you’re saying? Even Vincent was defeated. What makes you think you are a match for that brat? Come on, just take a look at yourself!” Ruby snorted.
How dare an unknown martial artist issue a challenge? He was overestimating himself!
“As someone who went through the experience, let me offer you a piece of advice. Don’t embarrass yourself.
“You aren’t even my match, how could you possibly go against that brat?” Miles rebuked him like an elder lecturing a junior.
“This battle carries significant consequences. Just to be safe, it’s better to let Elder Douglas have this fight,” Crystal cautioned.
Dustin might have the skills, but right now, Dragonmarsh could no longer afford to lose.
“Who are you?” Quincy turned around and sized Dustin up carefully. He frowned slightly, “Young man, which sect are you from, and who is your master?”
“I belong to no sect and have no master. I’m just a lone wanderer,” Dustin replied truthfully.
“No sect and no master?” Quincy’s brows furrowed deeper.
It was utter recklessness for someone to challenge Marco without even having a proper martial sect.
###Chapter 2074 by Marina Vittori
“Hey! Who the hell are you? Can you not mess around here? Get out of here!”
“That’s right! You don’t belong to a sect and yet you dare take on the challenge? What gave you the courage to do so?”
“And I thought it was someone exceptionally formidable, but turns out he’s just a nobody!”
Dustin’s declaration not only frustrated Quincy, it also invited the crowd’s insults.
They might have shown him respect if he were from a prestigious sect. However, Dustin was merely a wanderer without a name for himself.
A nobody like him had no right to issue a challenge.
Since this was the final battle and concerned the honor of the country, their defeat would be a disgrace to all martial artists in the nation. They would never place their hopes on an unknown martial artist.
“Young man, this battle is not a game. If you’re not fully confident, just give it up.” Quincy shook his head, appearing somewhat disappointed.
While having courage was admirable, it had to be accompanied by skill. With even a talent like Vincent falling to defeat, how could Dustin stand against Marco?
To put it bluntly, he would only be inviting humiliation.
“Elder Douglas, since I’ve asked for a challenge, naturally, I’m confident of winning. Please give me a chance,” Dustin spoke again.
His decision to step forward was not only to uphold the honor of the country but also fueled by a deep-seated resentment toward the people of Kimboku.
Of course, it was also because Quincy might not necessarily be a match for Marco. If Quincy were to lose today, it would be a great shame for all martial artists in Dragonmarsh.
As a fellow Dragonmarshian, he couldn’t just stand by and do nothing. Even though he was not a virtuous person, he couldn’t simply ignore the enmity between their nations.
“Hey! Are you done? You don’t really think you’re stronger than Vincent, do you? Know your limits, for god’s sake, and stop embarrassing yourself!” Ruby snapped.
How could Dustin act this way in the current situation? He should have known better.
“That’s enough. You’ll only embarrass yourself further if you continue like this,” Miles said darkly.
Even as a disciple of the Sword Union, he had been defeated by Marco. What were the chances that Dustin could win?
“Hey, you! Be sensible and back off. Quit trying to show off!”
“Exactly! This battle is crucial! You’re not qualified to represent us!”
“Hmph! Young people nowadays are so eager for fame that they throw all dignity out the window!”
The crowd started to chime in with disdainful remarks. Clearly, they didn’t trust Dustin’s skills.
“Hey! That’s enough!” At that moment, Dalen retorted, “No matter what, at least Dustin dares to step forward. What about the rest of you? Apart from all the yapping, what else are you good at?”
There was a momentary silence upon Dalen’s declaration before the crowd erupted into a frenzy once more.
“Who the hell are you? This is none of your business!”
“If he doesn’t have the skills, he shouldn’t step on stage. Otherwise, he’ll just become a joke!”
“Hmph! Do you call that courage? He’s just seeking attention!”
A few martial artists who were irritated clamored even louder.
“Silence!” Quincy shouted, instantly drowning out all the voices.
When the surroundings became quiet again, he turned to Dustin and said seriously, “Young man, I appreciate your courage in volunteering, but now is not the time to make a gamble. Dragonmarsh can’t afford to lose another duel.
“Elder Douglas, I haven’t even tried, how do you know I will lose?”
Dustin spoke calmly, “Today, I’m not only fighting for Dragonmarsh but also for my own dignity. I can’t bear being treated like a doormat by that brat.”
“Are you aware of your opponent’s realm?” Quincy countered.
Dustin nodded. “Since he defeated Vincent, I naturally have an understanding of his strength.”
“With that knowledge, you’re still asking for a challenge? Are you really that confident?” Quincy raised an eyebrow.
“Confidence comes from strength.” Dustin gave a faint smile, then flicked his finger. A silver needle shot out abruptly, flying past Quincy’s cheek with a speed not discernible by ordinary people.
Quincy narrowed his eyes. All he felt was a gust of cold wind, and the next thing he knew, a strand of his beard fell gently to the ground.
“What remarkable speed!”
###Chapter 2075 by Marina Vittori
Quincy’s eyes widened in astonishment. It was shocking that he wasn’t able to react in time to Dustin’s silver needle with his skills.
If used against Marco, Dustin might just have a chance of winning. Not to mention, Quincy had sensed the faint aura of a grandmaster through the silver needle that flew by.
He wondered if the unknown young man before him could actually be a martial arts grandmaster.
“Elder Douglas, I think I qualify for a duel now, don’t you think?” Dustin asked.
After a moment’s hesitation, Quincy eventually nodded. “Alright, since you’re this confident, I’ll give you a chance. I hope you won’t disappoint us.
If Dustin was a grandmaster, coupled with his amazing hidden weapon techniques, there was a good chance
that he might just emerge victorious.
“Elder Douglas, is this a joke? You’re really going to allow him to duel?”
“Elder Douglas, that kid is just a lone wanderer! How is he worthy of representing Dragonmarsh in a duel?”
“It’s such an embarrassment that we’re sending someone like him to fight!”
Many among the crowd were displeased with Quincy’s decision. Dustin neither had the background, the prestige, nor the skills to represent Dragonmarsh in a duel.
“Everyone, please calm down.” Quincy tried to placate the crowd. “This young man has an extraordinary temperament and a rich cultivation. He is certainly no ordinary martial artist, and I believe in his abilities.
“Elder Douglas, this is a bad decision!” Ruby retorted, “It’s all just a front! Don’t be fooled!”
Quincy was the Celestial Alliance’s guardian, and Ruby couldn’t understand the reason behind his trust in an insignificant character like Dustin.
“Elder Douglas, this is our last chance! If he loses, who will take up the responsibility?” Miles questioned.
“That’s right! Who will take responsibility?” The crowd echoed.
“This was my decision. If he loses the battle, I’ll cut off an arm as an apology to everyone!” Quincy declared loudly.
With that, the crowd quieted down. Nobody expected Quincy to be so supportive of Dustin that he would go as far as severing his arm as a guarantee.
At that moment, even if they were displeased, there was nothing more that could be said.
“Young man, it’s your time to shine.” Quincy walked up to Dustin and patted him on the shoulder. He said meaningfully, “Remember, victory is crucial! Dragonmarsh can’t afford any more losses.”
“Don’t worry, Elder Douglas. I will do my best.” Dustin nodded solemnly.
He never expected such unwavering support from Quincy. Whether it was for personal or public reasons, he was determined not to let him down.
“Elder Douglas made a foolish decision. I can’t believe he trusted him.” Miles shook his head in resignation.
“I know, right? It’ll be the ultimate disgrace if we lose three consecutive matches!” Ruby was both anxious and frustrated.
“What are you two worried about? Dustin has a chance of winning.” Dalen smirked.
“Dalen, how can you still back him in this situation?” Ruby frowned as she complained, “Even my senior and Vincent were defeated. Just how is he going to win?”
“We shouldn’t judge a book by its cover. Since Dustin dared issue a challenge, I’m sure he’s confident of winning,” Dalen responded.
“Hmph! Confident my foot! He’s just seeking attention!” Ruby snorted.
“Since you don’t believe in him, why don’t we make a bet?” Dalen smiled faintly.
“What kind of a bet?” Ruby countered.
“We’ll make it simple. We’ll just bet on who wins or loses.”
Dalen continued with a smile, “If Dustin wins, you’ll have to apologize to him and admit to your mistakes.”
“And if he loses?” Ruby asked with her head held high.
“If he loses, I’ll present you with a sword from the Renowned Treasure List,” Dalen responded.
“For real?” Ruby’s eyes lit up.
While the Renowned Treasure List wasn’t as prestigious as the Divine Weapon List, it still housed valuable treasures.
Among them was the Flame Sword, a prized possession cherished by her master. As a disciple of the Sword Union, she was deeply passionate about swords and had always longed for one listed on the Renowned Treasure List.
Now that she had the chance to get ahold of one herself, it excited her immensely.
“I never go back on my words.” Dalen. assured as he fanned himself.
“Alright! I’m in!” Ruby agreed immediately.
“I’m dying to see just how badly he loses!”
###Chapter 2076 by Marina Vittori
“I’m dying to see just how badly he loses!” Ruby was indignant. She didn’t believe that an attention seeker would manage to turn the tide when even a talented prodigy like Vincent was defeated.
She was confident that the precious sword on the Renowned Treasure List was as good as hers.
“Who are you? Identify yourself!” the butler demanded as Dustin approached. He had expected Quincy to take matters into his own hands, not the sudden appearance of a young man.
With an unknown figure stepping forward, even if Marco emerged victorious, it wouldn’t enhance his reputation.
“My name is Dustin Rhys. I’m here to witness the prowess of a Kimboku warrior for myself,” Dustin declared calmly.
“You’re no match for our master. Get Quincy to duel our master,” the butler replied haughtily.
To Marco and his butler, the nobodies from Dragonmarsh were simply not worth the effort. Fighting them would only be a waste of time.
It was only by defeating prominent figures like Quincy that would they succeed in intimidating the Dragonmarshians and gaining recognition throughout the world.
“Sending Elder Douglas to fight you people is overkill. I can defeat you myself,” Dustin said indifferently.
“The audacity!” The butler’s expression grew cold. “Do you have any idea who my master is? How dare you speak so arrogantly! From your accent, I’m guessing that you’re from Dragonmarsh?”
Dustin commented impassively, “I don’t get how a grown man like you would willingly take orders from a brat. Master this, master that, all that yapping is embarrassing!”
“Who do you think you are? How dare you look down on me?”
The butler sneered, “I’ll be honest. I was indeed a lowly Dragonmarshian before, but I’ve since changed nationalities, rising to the esteemed ranks of Kimbokuan nobility! I now stand apart from the likes of you!”
“At the end of the day, a yapping dog is still a yapping dog. What a pity, you could have been an ordinary human,” Dustin mocked mercilessly.
“Y-You bastard!” The butler flew into a rage, pointing at Dustin as he roared, ” Lowly Dragonmarshian! Do you want to challenge my master? Fine! Today will be the day you lose without complaints! 11
The butler then approached Marco and began fanning the flames. “Master, this Dragonmarshian is an arrogant bastard and dares underestimate you.
“Please teach him a lesson and show him the might of a Kimboku warrior!”
“What an interesting fellow. I hope he can withstand my blade.” Marco grinned.
His first opponent was so weak that they couldn’t withstand a single blow. His second opponent, though possessing admirable strength, lacked in cultivation, preventing him from going all out.
In both battles, it was merely a warm- up for him. He truly hoped that his third opponent would surprise him. Otherwise, the duels would be disappointingly dull.
“Bastard! This final duel might also cost you your life. You should be prepared for death for daring to challenge my master!” the butler warned.
“Stop the nonsense and just make your move already,” Dustin said, beckoning them with a look of provocation.
“You, Dragonmarshian, wield your weapon!” Marco slowly raised the Demon sword in his hand.
“There’s no need. I don’t need a weapon against you,” Dustin stated calmly.
The crowd was shocked at his words.
“Damn! Is this guy insane? He dares
duel Marco with only his bare hands?”
###Chapter 2077 by Marina Vittori
“What the hell? The brat may be despicable, but Dustin shouldn’t underestimate him either! What the hell is he thinking?”
“He might not even win with a weapon. Fighting without a weapon is just foolish!”
The crowd exchanged remarks among themselves. No one expected Dustin to utter such arrogant words even after two consecutive defeats.
“Is this bastard crazy? Fighting with bare hands against Marco is just like suicide!” Miles was both surprised and puzzled.
“Hmph! He must be trying to find an excuse when he loses. This is his way of escaping the situation. He knows he can’t defeat the brat and will use his lack of a weapon as an excuse for losing.
“I’ve seen through his petty tricks!”
Ruby spoke as if she had figured out Dustin’s clever plan.
“Is that so?” Realization hit Miles.
It was a cunning move from Dustin. Despite knowing he would be defeated, he still insisted on basking in the limelight. His shameless tricks seemed to know no bounds.
“Dragonmarshian, if you don’t use a weapon, I won’t accept your challenge since it’s unfair that way,” Marco said seriously.
He believed a warrior should achieve victory with honor and fairness to leave no room for doubt. Otherwise, setting up a duel at the foot of Sacred Wrym Summit would lose its meaning.
“Brat, you should treat this battle seriously. Utilize any weapon at your disposal!” Quincy advised.
A flying needle could only be considered a concealed weapon. In a direct confrontation, it was still necessary to wield a conventional weapon like a sword, spear, staff, or something similar.
“Fine, then I’ll choose a weapon right now.” Dustin nodded and glanced around. Soon, he found his target.
He walked up to a large tree and snapped off a sturdy branch. Waving it lightly, he nodded contently. “Here, this shall be my weapon.”
The corner of Quincy’s lips twitched. For a moment, he was at a loss for words.
Everyone else was similarly dumbfounded. After they witnessed Dustin wielding a tree branch as a weapon, silence engulfed the scene.
They never expected Dustin to choose a weapon like that. Was this a joke?
Opting for an ordinary tree branch against the famous Demon sword from Kimboku was no different from fighting barehanded.
It was not only a reckless choice, but it also carried an additional layer of humiliation compared to fighting barehanded.
“Look! Just look at that! I told you that everything he does is just to gain attention. He never thought about winning!” Ruby was extremely frustrated.
“What a clown.” Miles shook his head continuously.
Even Crystal was frowning, though she remained silent. She wondered how Dustin was so confident since his actions meant he didn’t take Marco seriously.
“You insolent bastard! You will pay for your actions!” the butler roared.
It was just too much! How dare a lowly Dragonmarshian look down on the noble Kimbokuans? He must be seeking death!
“Dragonmarshian, what do you mean by this?” Marco frowned, his expression growing hostile.
“This is more than enough against you, “Dustin said as he waved the branch.
“Is this an insult?” Marco’s expression was dark. 11
“What do you think?” Dustin responded nonchalantly. “You challenged Dragonmarsh’s martial artists in public and expect me to be polite?”
“Dragonmarshian, you’ve achieved your aim of angering me. Now, prepare to die!” Marco said through clenched teeth, making a move without hesitation.
###Chapter 2078 by Marina Vittori
Marco stomped forcefully on the ground, causing multiple cracks to form. He then propelled himself forward like a released arrow, charging at Dustin with a vindictive glare.
In the first two battles, Marco refrained from making the first attack, allowing his opponents to showcase their skills.
However, Dustin’s words ignited his fury, leading him to desire a swift and brutal end to the duel as a warning to all martial artists in Dragonmarsh.
Midway, Marco suddenly drew his sword and executed a horizontal slash.
The next thing they knew, Marco’s Demon sword emanated a brilliant crimson glow. An eerie blood-red sword light whistled through the air, slashing toward Dustin at the speed of light.
Along its path, the very air seemed to distort, and the ground was left with a deep, scorched gash as if it had been seared by flames.
“What remarkable speed!” Quincy’s eyes narrowed in astonishment.
While Marco’s maneuver appeared ordinary, in reality, it was exceptionally swift and brutal, surpassing his previous attacks by more than tenfold.
In other words, Marco had been restraining his full strength from the start. It was only when he grew furious at Dustin’s provocation that he chose to unleash his true strength.
This spelled trouble!
At that moment, Quincy wasn’t the only one feeling anxious, the majority of the crowd was worried for Dustin.
Even though they looked down on him, he was ultimately a Dragonmarshian. Regardless of the circumstances, they hoped he wouldn’t die at the hands of the brat.
“Puny skills.” In the face of the blood- red sword light, Dustin stood firm. Raising the tree branch in his hand, he swung it gently from top to bottom.
A crescent-shaped, white sword light burst forth, meeting Marco’s blood-red sword light head-on. Marco’s sword light had burst forth horizontally, while Dustin’s descended vertically.
A red and white pair of lights momentarily formed a cross in the air before colliding violently. A thunderous explosion echoed throughout the arena, causing the ground to tremble.
The moment both lights met, they exploded into fragments. The resulting shockwaves surged out like a tidal wave, impacting the onlookers.
Weaker martial artists were forced to retreat, while strong martial artists struggled to keep their eyes open.
Soon, the shockwaves dissipated. In the first exchange between Dustin and Marco, unbelievably, they ended up evenly matched.
This outcome defied expectations since they had believed that Dustin was not a match for Marco, and a head-on clash seemed futile.
Yet, Dustin not only defended against Marco’s attack but also appeared to gain a slight advantage.
The reason they thought Dustin held a slight advantage was due to the significant differences in their weapons and the resulting outcome.
After all, Marco wielded the renowned Demon sword while Dustin only had a tree branch.
“Amazing! Looks like that guy has skills. I can’t believe he actually withstood the brat’s strike.”
“We really shouldn’t have judged him and made early assumptions. This kid is remarkable!”
“Can a nameless martial artist really possess such skills? The brat must have held himself back.”
“That actually makes sense! It was just like his battle against Miles. He never took the battle seriously and played him the entire time. Once he got serious, he ended the duel with a single strike!”
Noticing that Marco and Dustin were equally matched, the crowd broke out in murmurs. Some thought Dustin was a hidden talent, while others thought Marco had held back on purpose.
“Ruby, what do you think? Dustin didn’t disappoint, did he?”
###Chapter 2079 by Marina Vittori
Dalen smirked at Ruby.
Ruby snorted, “Hmph! What’s so impressive about that? That brat was just testing the waters. He didn’t even unleash his full strength. Even a pig could defend against it!”
Dalen merely smiled in response. However, Miles, who was beside them, had a strange look on his face.
Even though he knew she was referring to Dustin, her words felt particularly cutting.
After all, he had been defeated by a single strike. Didn’t that imply he was less capable than a pig? It was a stinging remark.
“Dragonmarshian, you’re stronger than I thought. However, it’s a pity that today, you are still going to suffer defeat!” Marco was momentarily stunned before quickly composing himself with seriousness.
Despite unleashing 70% of his power in that last strike, Dustin had effortlessly defended against it. This proved that Dustin was a formidable opponent, even more so than Vincent from the earlier rounds.
Vincent only had exceptional spear techniques and failed to put any pressure on him.
However, the sword light that Dustin displayed earlier made him realize how formidable of an opponent Dustin was.
“What’s with all the nonsense? Just give me all you got.” Dustin beckoned Marco forward once more with a provocative look.
“Alright, it’s time you bear witness to a true Kimbokuan skill!” Marco sheathed his sword slowly.
Lowering his body into a forward- leaning stance, he lunged one leg and slightly bent the other. His one hand pressed against the sheath of his sword, while the other gripped the hilt.
In an instant, he exuded an entirely different demeanor as wisps of blood- red smoke slowly emanated from his body, resembling steam.
Marco exhaled deeply, slowly closing his eyes. Enveloped in the blood-red smoke, he looked like a crouching beast ready to strike at any moment.
“What’s going on? Is he unleashing his ultimate skill?”
“He’s giving off a totally different vibe, he must be preparing to go all out!”
“This is bad! This is Jump Force’s initial stance. The young lad is in danger!” Someone in the crowd understood what was going on, and their face turned pale with concern.
“Jump Force? Isn’t that Luca Alessio, the Kimboku Sword Sage’s renowned skill?”
“That’s right! Luca is Kimboku’s strongest Sword Sage, and his creation, Jump Force, is legendary. It’s said that once unleashed, no one can withstand its might!”
“Luca even managed to slay an ultimate grandmaster from Glorian with that skill.”
“Goodness gracious! Is Jump Force really that powerful? Can it really take down ultimate grandmasters?”
“If Marco knows this technique, then he must be Luca’s personal disciple. While he may not match Luca’s strength, defending against Jump Force won’t be easy by any means!”
“Crap, this is bad! Dustin is as good as dead with Jump Force unleashed!”
When the crowd recognized that it was Jump Force’s initial stance, they finally alluded to Marco’s identity. At that moment, Dragonmarsh’s martial artists began to panic.
Luca, known as the strongest Sword Sage of Kimboku, was a legendary figure for the Kimbokuans.
It was clear that Marco, being Luca’s disciple, possessed immense prowess, especially when he had mastery of Luca’s ultimate skill.
In such a scenario, Dustin had zero chance of victory and might not even survive the encounter.
Jump Force was notorious for its speed, precision, and lethality. Its swiftness was such that opponents often found themselves decapitated before they could react.
###Chapter 2080 by Marina Vittori
“I didn’t expect Marco to be the successor to Jump Force. Dalen, it looks like your friend is in danger!” Crystal’s gaze hardened, and she grew particularly solemn.
Luca had a widely renowned reputation, even in Dragonmarsh. If Marco had direct knowledge of the skill, he was basically already in part a Sword Sage.
It was obvious that he had visited Dragonmarsh and called for a public duel to make a name for himself.
“No wonder he’s so formidable. It turns out that he’s a disciple of the strongest Sword Sage in Kimboku. It was reasonable that I lost.” Miles straightened his chest, appearing proud.
If he had lost to an unknown person, it would have significantly impacted the Sword Union’s reputation. However, it would be a different story if he lost to Luca’s direct disciple.
Luca’s prowess was equivalent to Dragonmarsh’s top ultimate grandmaster, and his influence was comparable to the Sword Union’s leader, Cyrus Hadley.
Since Cyrus’s direct disciple was Glenn Hadley, Marco’s opponents were formidable figures like Glenn. Miles losing to Marco was understandable.
“Jump Force is indeed powerful. But with how calm Dustin is, perhaps he’s already found a way around it,” Dalen commented calmly.
“Hmph! Calm my foot! He’s either completely clueless or scared out of his wits,” Ruby sneered.
“Dalen, have you known Dustin for long?” Crystal asked out of curiosity.
“Today is the first time we met,” Dalen answered truthfully.
“You just met him, and yet you have so much trust in him. Why is that?” Crystal was puzzled.
Everyone had doubted Dustin from the moment he issued a challenge, and Dalen had been the only one consistently supportive of him. She couldn’t fathom how Dalen could put so much trust in Dustin.
“It’s just a feeling.” Dalen continued frankly, “I possess a strong sixth sense, and I have a feeling that Dustin is no ordinary person.”
“Hmph! Even if he’s no ordinary person, would he be more formidable than a disciple of the Sword Sage?”
Ruby crossed her arms and said coldly,
“If I were you, I would immediately advise him to surrender. Otherwise, once Marco unleashes Jump Force fully, he will only end up dead!”
With Marco yet to make a move, there was still a glimmer of hope for Dustin. Once Marco unleashed his ultimate skill, it would be unstoppable, and Dustin would be dismembered before he knew it.
Although Ruby disliked Dustin’s attention-seeking behavior, she also didn’t wish for him to die at the hands of the brat.
“Let’s keep watching. There might just be a miracle.” Dalen smiled faintly.
Suddenly, an elderly man in the crowd exclaimed. “Oh no! The brat is about to draw his sword!”
Those who were in the midst of their whispering instantly fell silent and focused their attention on the center of the arena.
Marco, who had been ready to strike, finally opened his eyes. At that moment, his eyes turned bloodshot.
“Jump Force, First Maneuver -” Marco growled, launching himself off the ground like a blood-red shadow with incredible speed, too swift for ordinary martial artists to perceive.
“That was so fast!” Quincy’s expression hardened in shock.
Even though he had long heard of the legendary Jump Force, this was his first time witnessing it personally.
Marco’s sword was unsheathed, but he was already several times quicker than before. Even Quincy wouldn’t be able to match Marco’s agility.
“Sword Cut!” As Marco closed in on Dustin, he swiftly unsheathed his Devil Sword.
With lightning speed, Marco executed a diagonal slash aimed at Dustin’s left shoulder toward his right abdomen. The strike, if landed, would dismember Dustin in an instant.1
All the crowd saw was a blood-red streak flashing by. Marco’s unimaginable speed had left them unsure of what they witnessed.
###Chapter 2081 by Marina Vittori
When everyone could see what was happening, Marco had already appeared behind Dustin. Plus, the former was slowly sheathing his Demon sword.
To Marco, the slash just now was enough to eliminate Dustin. There was no need to strike for the second time.
This was how confident he was with his ability and his sword.
“What happened? Did it end already?” Seeing the furious Marco standing straight there, everyone exchanged confused glances.
Everything happened way too fast just now. From Marco leaping into the air and drawing his sword to sheathing his sword, it happened in the blink of an eye, Before the crowd could react, the battle had ended.
“That’s the rumored Jump Force, alright. He’s way too quick!”
“That guy isn’t dead, right? I don’t see him moving!”
“I heard the corpse can still continue to move even if the head is cut off, provided that the sword reaches its peak speed.”
“Looks like he’s dead. They should get ready to bury the corpse.”
The crowd whispered among themselves. Some onlookers had directly pronounced that Dustin was dead. They were sure that Marco’s lightning-fast strike had already claimed his life.
“Crystal, did you manage to see if he’s dead?” Ruby furrowed her eyebrows tightly seeing the two people frozen there. She felt extremely anxious.
At that moment, she didn’t know if she should feel happy or worried.
If Dustin was dead, she could get a sword from the Renowned Treasure List. However, Dragonmarsh’s martial artists would be called the eastern scoundrels and be laughed at by the Kimbokurats.
“I didn’t see properly. Marco was too fast.” Ruby shook her head, her expression becoming serious.
Jump Force was way too scary. A person would feel hopeless just by the first strike.
“There’s no need to look anymore. That guy is dead meat. Nobody here can defend against the brat’s sword-cut technique except for Elder Douglas.
“Look closely. The brat has already kept his sword. This means that the battle has ended. Mr. Shade, it seems like your prediction was wrong.” Miles shook his head.
Unwilling to give up, Dalen narrowed his eyes and observed the battlefield. A hint of nervousness appeared on his handsome face.
After seeing how fast Marco’s sword was just now, he started to wonder if he had predicted wrongly.
Under everyone’s gaze, Marco kept his sword and slowly turned around. Then, he lifted his hand and tapped the air while facing Dustin’s back.
“Fall!” A surge of internal energy burst forward and transformed into a powerful gust of wind that blew onto Dustin’s body.
However, the gruesome dismembered scene Marco expected didn’t appear.
Marco continued to stand there motionlessly. The strong gust of wind had only stirred his hair and clothes.
“What?” Marco furrowed his eyebrows and tapped the air. “Fall!”
This time, he used more internal energy to create an even stronger gust of wind.1
However, the result was the same as just now. Dustin continued to stand there unaffected by the wind.
The crowd exchanged confused glances, not knowing what was going on.
“Fall! Fall! Fall!” Marco felt shameful when faced with everyone’s suspicion. Thus, he started to tap the air furiously.
Wave after wave of powerful wind surged out and hit Dustin’s back. However, the effect that Marco wanted didn’t appear.
“Fuck you!” Finally, Dustin couldn’t stand it anymore. He swung a tree branch toward Marco’s face, rendering the latter dazed.
###Chapter 2082 by Marina Vittori
Without any warning, Dustin raised the branch and slapped Marco’s face with it.
Marco, who was chanting an incantation, was shocked. He widened his eyes and stood there at a loss.
Meanwhile, there was a bloody mark on where the branch hit. The surrounding area of the bloody mark was instantly swollen.
“W-What?” Everyone was stunned by the sudden turn of events.
Nobody expected Dustin to be fine from Marco’s sword-cut technique, not to mention the former even hit his face.
“What happened? What exactly happened just now?”
“No way. Did that dude actually manage to dodge Jump Force?”
Everyone exchanged glances and whispered suspiciously.
When they saw Marco putting away his sword, they were sure that Dustin was dead. Their thoughts were confirmed when Marco kept chanting the word ” Fall”.
However, Dustin wasn’t injured at all despite Marco’s chanting for so long. Dustin even managed to hit Marco’s face. Everyone was taken aback by such a hilarious scene.
Although the way Marco maneuvered his sword was cool, the effect he produced was way different from the rumored one-hit kill.
The terrifying Jump Force didn’t seem so intimidating right now.
“Am… Am I seeing this clearly? That brat actually hit him with a branch?” Ruby widened her eyes in disbelief.
She thought Dustin was surely doomed.
However, she didn’t expect such a turnaround.
“How did he manage to do it?” Crystal was also taken aback.
Marco’s sword-cut technique was too fast for her to even see clearly. Under normal circumstances, Dustin wouldn’t be able to dodge it. However, he was safe and sound.
“What the heck? He actually didn’t die. Or did the brat slip up?” Miles was confused.
“Dustin surely didn’t let me down!” Dalen’s eyes lit up as he let out a sigh of relief.
It was enough to prove how capable Dustin was as he was able to dodge Jump Force. Dalen didn’t misjudge his skills.
“You’re… still alive?” Marco caressed his burning face and looked toward
Dustin in shock. Marco’s sword-cut technique had hit his target, yet Dustin wasn’t injured at all.
“Dead?” Dustin sneered and slapped the tree branch on Marco’s face again.
A crisp sound resonated. Another bloody mark appeared on the other side of Marco’s face. There were bloody marks on both of his cheeks, perfectly symmetrical.
Marco paused for a moment, and his face instantly turned gloomy.
As the saying went, it was better to die in honor than the live in shame. Being publicly whipped by Dustin twice in a row was a great humiliation for him.
“Fuck you! I’m going to kill you!” Marco was furious. He drew his sword and started to wildly slash toward him.
Marco was still using Jump Force. However, his attack was more violent and fierce than the previous lightning- speed move. Marco looked like a crazed beast.
“Jump Force, Dragon Flash!” Marco shouted angrily. Then, he delivered a brutal slash toward the ground and an explosion sounded.
###Chapter 2083 by Marina Vittori
With a huge bang, the ground started to crack.
A blood-red knife aura stemmed from the ground. Then, it headed straight toward Dustin while following the direction of the crack.
Wherever the knife aura passed, a huge amount of debris shot out. Then, it rained toward Dustin like bullets.
The intensity of the attack was like a relentless storm, overwhelming and unavoidable.
Dustin sneered and stood his ground. With a light stomp, a semi-transparent true energy sphere formed out of mid- air and blocked before him like a shield.
Debris from all directions hit the true energy sphere. However, it only created subtle ripples and didn’t break the energy sphere.
Meanwhile, the blood-red knife aura forcefully slashed toward Dustin’s protective sphere.
An explosion sounded.
The protective sphere trembled, and ripples emanated from the point of impact.
“What? He managed to block it?” The butler was stunned.
Although Dragon Flash was not as fast as the sword-cut technique, it was way more powerful and destructive.
He thought Dustin dodging the sword- cut technique was just a stroke of luck. However, it seemed that Dustin was truly capable.
“Jump Force, Dragon Nest’s Flash!”
“Jump Force, Dragon Tornado Flash!”
“Jump Force, Dragon Hammer Flash!”
“Jump Force, Dragon Soar Flash!”
Marco got angrier after seeing that his attacks didn’t work. Thus, he started to throw out different attacks toward Dustin like a tsunami.
Dragon Nest’s Flash was a chaotic method. It was characterized by rapid and unrelenting strikes, leaving no room for opponents to counterattack.
Dragon Tornado Flash was a spinning sword technique. Marco would leap into the air, utilizing the inertia to deliver a powerful blow with the sword. Its speed was as fast as the sword-cut technique but way more powerful.
Dragon Hammer Flash was a chopping motion. Marco would jump up and deliver a deadly downward strike by utilizing the strength from his waist and legs’ movements. This move was specifically designed to break through the opponent’s defense.
Dragon Soar Flash was an upward sweeping technique, striking from the opponent’s lower position to the upper position. It was quite similar to Dragon Hammer Flash. However, Dragon Soar Flash was more flexible and offered more variation compared to Dragon Hammer Flash.
Marco was throwing whatever he got in his attacks.
In the past, his opponents would have lost their lives under Jump Force’s attack, even if they were stronger than Marco.
However, Dustin successfully counteracted his attacks by using simple movements to block, dodge, or hide.
It was the first time Marco failed to gain an advantage over his opponent despite using Jump Force. Especially after seeing the mocking smile on Dustin’s face, Marco became frustrated to the point of anger.
“Fuck! I’m going to go all out!” Marco roared. Despite knowing he would use all his energy and cause a physical toll on his body, he decided to unleash Jump Force’s most powerful attack.
“The ultimate technique of Jump Force, Nine-Headed Dragon Flash!”
Marco gripped the blade with both hands. After that, he slashed nine consecutive strikes with a speed surpassing the sword-cut technique.
Each of the nine strikes was faster and more ferocious than the last, featuring cunning angles and sharp movements. It had incorporated all of the advantages from the past few moves.
When Marco started the attacks, the atmosphere changed and the earth seemed to shake.
When the onlookers watched from afar, they couldn’t help but shudder from fear.
Even Quincy felt afraid after seeing Marco throwing out the ultimate technique from Jump Force. He knew he couldn’t block such a terrifying move.
It seemed that Dustin was in danger!
###Chapter 2084 by Marina Vittori
When Marco summoned the ultimate attack, nine ferocious blood-red knife aura shot toward Dustin from all directions. The attack was unstoppable and overwhelming!
“How petty!” Dustin sneered. Without dodging, he waved the tree branch in his hand.
Using the same movements, Dustin slashed toward Marco nine times. Instantly, nine white sword aura popped out. Then, it collided head-on with the nine blood-red knife auras Marco summoned.
When the sword aura collided with the knife aura, an explosion sounded. Two different kinds of energy collided using the same attacking method.
As the white and red lights flickered, a powerful shockwave spread toward the surroundings from the point of impact like a tidal wave.
Wave after wave appeared, with one overpowering the next. In an instant, dust and debris filled the air within a radius of 300 feet.
All the onlookers were blown back, unable to open their eyes. Some weaker martial artists turned pale from the impact, feeling unwell.
“You’re doomed!” There was a sneer on the butler’s face as he blocked the dust with his hand.
Till now, no one was able to block Jump Force’s ultimate attack, Nine-Headed Dragon Flash.
When the Sword Sage, Luca, used this move the last time, he had directly killed an ultimate grandmaster. Thus, he had made a reputation for himself!
Although Marco was not as capable as Luca, he was still at the level of a Sword Sage.
The Nine-Headed Dragon Flash summoned by Marco was enough to kill a powerful grandmaster martial artist.
Although Dustin was powerful, the butler didn’t think he could block such an attack. A minute later, the debris settled and the hurricane subsided.
When the butler paid a closer look, his smile dropped. He was surprised to see that Dustin was still alive! Not only was Dustin still alive, he wasn’t injured at all!
On the other hand, Marco was pale and covered with sweat. He was heaving heavily, seemingly exhausted.
It was obvious that Marco had depleted all his energy after unleashing the ultimate skill. His hand that held the knife was also trembling.
“How could this be? Did that despicable Dragonmarshian really manage to block Jump Force’s ultimate attack?” The butler widened his eyes in shock.
Not only him, but even Marco was taken aback. He never expected Dustin to defend against the Nine-Headed Dragon Flash so easily.
After attacking for so long, Marco was so tired that he was almost exhausted. However, Dustin seemed to not be affected at all. Marco felt hopeless after seeing such a drastic difference in their energy levels after the battle.
“Who… Who are you? How could you block my Jump Force?” Marco asked, his voice trembling.
Dustin didn’t answer, only asking, “Are you done?”
“What?” Marco furrowed his eyebrows, looking uneasy.
“Since you’re done, it’s my turn to make a move.” After Dustin finished speaking, he hit Marco’s face with the tree branch.
A crisp sound resonated in the air. Marco was spun around by the force. A deep bloodied mark appeared on his cheek, which soon became swollen.
“You-” Marco caressed his throbbing face. Just as he was about to fly into a rage, he got hit again.
Dustin didn’t hold back and hit the branch on Marco’s face again. The immense force caused Marco to stagger backward. He struggled to maintain his balance.
However, Dustin didn’t let up. He continued to strike the branch again and again on Marco.
###Chapter 2085 by Marina Vittori
While beating Marco, Dustin questioned, “You like cursing, right? How about your Jump Force and Nine- Headed Dragon Flash?
“Aren’t you Luca’s distinguished mentee? How dare you call us eastern scoundrels and open challenges at Sacred Wrym Summit?”
Dustin’s hits got quicker and faster. With every strike, he would ask a question. The once proud Marco found himself whipped and battered from the tree branch, screaming in agony.
In the end, he rolled around on the ground from how painful the hits were. He no longer cared about his image.
The crowd went silent after seeing Marco being beaten up. There were no other sounds except for the sound of the tree branch whipping Marco.
Everyone was taken aback by what was unfolding before them. The onlooker stood there with their mouths agape in disbelief.
Some even questioned their own eyes. They kept rubbing their eyes to make sure they were seeing clearly. The butler was especially stunned. He stood frozen in place, not knowing what to do.
Nobody could have expected the outcome of Dustin and Marco’s battle. From the beginning, everyone thought Marco would surely win. Dustin was practically fighting a losing battle against Marco.
However, everyone found that something was off during the battle.
The supposed weakling, Dustin, didn’t get defeated right away. Instead, he managed to withstand the repeated attacks.
If it had just been that, the crowd would have accepted it despite being shocked.
However, it was a different case now. Not only did Dustin manage to block Jump Force’s ultimate attack, but he was even beating Marco up to a pulp, causing the latter to wail in pain.
What was happening now was practically impossible!
If they didn’t see it for themselves, they would never believe a nobody like Dustin would be able to defeat the mentee of Kimboku’s strongest Sword Sage.
“Weren’t you very confident just now? Why aren’t you talking right now? Go ahead!” While mocking Marco, Dustin didn’t stop his movements.
Dustin couldn’t believe a brat like Marco dared to challenge all Dragonmarsh’s martial artists at the Sacred Wrym Summit. Plus, Marco even degraded them as eastern scoundrels.
Dustin had to teach him a good lesson.
“Am… Am I seeing this right? The brat is the one being punched?” A teenager in the crowd found it hard to believe that Dustin was the one beating Marco up.
Seemingly thinking of something, the teenager slapped his friend’s face. His friend was taken aback. While touching his swollen face, he asked in confusion, “Why did you slap me?”
“I’m trying to see if I’m dreaming or not,” the teenager replied seriously.
His friend was rendered speechless, delivering a punch straight at the teenager’s eyes. “Are you clear now?” he asked seriously.
While covering his blackened eye, the teenager nodded seriously. The pain he felt was evidently not a dream.
###Chapter 2086 by Marina Vittori
“Crystal… Is the person rolling on the ground actually the brat?” Ruby widened her eyes as she looked at the unbelievable scene.
At this moment, Dustin was still whipping Marco continuously. The duo seemed funny yet absurd.
“It… It should be.” Crystal looked carefully before nodding.
She never expected Dustin to win, not to mention winning by a landslide. She found it hard to believe that Luca’s mentee, an ace in Jump Force, was being to a pulp.
“What the heck! This is seriously shocking. How is he so capable?” Miles gulped, looking stunned.
Those who had never fought Marco before didn’t know how capable he was.
Even if Miles tried his best, he was still defeated by Marco in a strike. Not only him, but even Vincent, was not even close to beating Marco. Marco didn’t even go all out when dealing with the both of them.
On the contrary, Marco unleashed all his deadly moves when battling Dustin. The former even used Jump Force’s ultimate technique.
However, Marco still lost despite doing so.
Although it was hard to believe, they had to admit that Dustin was way more capable than they expected him to be.
“Dustin is really impressive! He only used a tree branch to defeat Marcon and his Demon sword. How amazing!” Dalen tutted. Despite being mentally prepared, Dalen was still taken aback by Dustin’s performance.
Not only did this battle improve the martial artist’s reputation in Dragonmarsh, but it also diminished Kimboku’s standing.
“Nice! What a fantastic battle!” Quincy couldn’t help but laugh after a moment of shock. Quincy didn’t expect such a scene to unfold.
When Marco summoned Nine-Headed Dragon Flash, he thought Dustin was in grave danger.
In the blink of an eye, the situation had reversed.
Dustin not only blocked Nine-Headed Dragon Flash, but he even delivered a humiliating beating to Marco when he was at his most vulnerable. The once imposing Marco was now wailing in anger.
Dragonmarsh’s martial artists finally had their moment of triumph in their third match.
“How could this be?” Seeing Marco wailing, the butler kept shaking his head. He couldn’t accept such an outcome.
Marco was a distinguished Kimbokuan and the mentee of Luca. There was no way he would lose to a despicable martial artist from Dragonmarsh.
“Stop hitting me! I admit defeat!” Marco curled his body together and blocked his head with his hands. As he could no longer endure the pain, he started to beg for mercy.
The tree branch finally broke.
“You should have admitted defeat earlier. This way, you won’t have to endure a beating for nothing.” Dustin threw the branch to the ground, finally ceasing the torment.
Marco writhed in pain. He was covered with bloody marks all over his body, for Dustin didn’t miss a single spot.
The onlookers felt their skin crawl after seeing Marco’s blood oozing and flesh torn apart. They could hardly recognize Marco.
“Sir!”
###Chapter 2087 by Marina Vittori
The butler yelped and quickly helped Marco up. At the same time, the former shouted at Dustin, “You lowly Dragonmarshian. How dare you mistreat Mr. Alessandro. I’ll make you pay for that!”
“Pay for it?” The corner of Dustin’s lips curled. Then, he slapped the butler a few feet away and sneered. “You good- for-nothing! How dare you threaten me? You don’t know what’s good for you!”
“Well done! Those spineless people that worship foreign power deserve a harsh lesson!”
“That’s right! He’s way more despicable than that brat. Just beat him to death!”
Seeing the butler getting punched, all the hot-blooded youngsters immediately cheered. Although Marco was despicable, their hatred mostly stemmed from his nationality.
Meanwhile, the butler, originally from Dragonmarsh, willingly served as a lackey for the brats. Thus, this made him a genuine disgrace to Dragonmarsh, a traitor whom everyone despised.
Plus, the butler even humiliated his former countrymen by calling them eastern scoundrels after joining Kimboku. The butler deserved to die!
The butler stood up and shouted at Dustin, “You… How dare you! We’re from the Alessandro family and a part of Kimboku’s royal family!
“If you dare to provoke us, you’re aggravating the entire Alessandro family. We’ll definitely make you pay for it!”
Dustin sneered, “What? Are you bringing up your backup because you can’t defeat me? Who cares about the Alessandro family?
“You guys should lay low in Dragonmarsh. If you do anything suspicious, I’ll ensure there’s no way back for you!”
Quincy stepped forward and said, ” That’s right! If Kimboku wants to have a fair challenge, we’re all for it. However, if you guys dare to use any dirty methods, we won’t let it slide!”
Quincy was not only warning Kimboku, but he was also supporting Dustin.
“J-Just wait for it!” The butler gritted his teeth. He didn’t dare to stay for long. After saying that, he immediately ran off while carrying Marco.
“We won!” Seeing the two running away, all the martial artists cheered.
After two consecutive defeats, their dignity was shattered. Thankfully, Dustin’s arrival brought them hope and revived the glory of Dragonmarsh.
At this moment, Dustin was their hero. His identity or social standing didn’t matter at this point.
“Dude, well done! You didn’t let the martial artists of Dragonmarsh down!”
“I didn’t expect you to be so capable at such a young age. How admirable!”
“I heard that you haven’t joined any sect. Would you be interested in joining our Heaven and Earth Sect? We offer many benefits!”
As soon as the battle ended, a huge number of martial artists gathered around. They bombarded Dustin with questions and tried to get closer to him.
Everyone saw Dustin’s performance just now. He had definitely reached the level of grandmaster by how he managed to defeat Marco. A grandmaster martial artist in his 20s was highly sought after everywhere.
Dustin was even more valuable to recruit as he wasn’t popular and didn’t join any sect. After all, it was too rare to see such a genius.
Usually, a genius like him would be asked to join major sects before they could even make a name for themselves. Now that they stumbled on a lone wolf, they naturally couldn’t miss out on the chance to recruit him.
“Ruby, the match has ended. Don’t forget our agreement just now.” Seeing Dustin being in the center of attention, Dalen smiled faintly.
“Well…” Ruby froze and the tip of her ears soon turned red.
Ruby had agreed with Dalen that she would apologize to Dustin if he won.
However, she was arrogant and never submitted to a man. Thus, she finds it difficult to apologize to Dustin.
###Chapter 2088 by Marina Vittori
“Ruby, are you going to go back on your word?” Dalen asked with a half-smile.
“Who said that I regretted? It’s not like I can’t afford to lose.” Ruby rolled her eyes and quickly stepped forward.
After pushing through the crowd and standing before Dustin, she said quickly yet stiffly, “Well… I misunderstood you before. I’m sorry.”
After saying that, Ruby turned around without giving a chance for Dustin to reply. Dustin was taken aback, confused about what was happening. Although Ruby was apologizing, she seemed unwilling to do so.
“I already apologized. Are you happy now?” Ruby returned to Dalen’s side and pouted.
Dalen shook his head with a smile. He didn’t pursue it any further.
At this moment, Dustin was at the center of attention.
Various sects and experts were scrambling to recruit Dustin. Plus, the conditions they offered were extremely enticing. It was obvious that they were scared of missing out on such a golden opportunity.
Some even tried to seduce Dustin, hoping they could claim Dustin as theirs.
Dustin felt a headache upon facing everyone’s enthusiasm. However, he politely declined them one by one.
If Kimboku didn’t provoke them, Dustin didn’t want to be in the spotlight. He found it troublesome after winning.
“Alright, everyone. Dustin must be tired after that battle. Let him have a rest first. We can talk about it later.” Quincy walked forward and smoothed things over.
As the Guardian of Celestial Alliance, Quincy was well-respected for his reputation and his capability.
Although everyone was unwilling to leave, Quincy had already spoken up about it. Thus, they could only leave out of respect after wishing Dustin goodbye.
Actually, people who were smart enough knew that Quincy harbored goodwill.
If Celestial Alliance wanted to recruit Dustin, minor sects like them didn’t stand a chance. No matter if it came to benefits or prestige, Celestial Alliance was unparalleled in the martial world.
After the crowd dispersed, Quincy spoke with a smile, “I’m impressed by how you brought glory to the country. I was wondering if you would like to have a meal with me?”
“I still have a few friends.” Dustin turned around and looked at Dalen and the others.
“It’s fine. You’re the future of Dragonmarsh. We can take this opportunity to get to know each other, “Dalen replied.
“Well then, don’t mind if I do.” Dustin nodded. From their interaction just now, Dustin could tell Quincy was a good person. Thus, the former didn’t mind getting to know him.
Meanwhile, the butler carried the severely injured Marco and jogged to a private courtyard. The courtyard was big and surrounded by tall walls. It was adorned with lush greenery, creating a tranquil atmosphere.
“Come quickly! Sir is injured!” The butler shouted after entering the courtyard. The butler was covered with sweat, running all the way there without stopping.
Upon hearing his shout, a bunch of people soon emerged in the yard. All of them were Kimboku’s aces wearing martial arts uniforms, and holding curved longswords.
The leader was a middle-aged man with a robust physique, carrying two curved longswords at his waist. A hint of beard adorned his chin, which was a distinctive feature of Kimbokuans.
The man was no other than Marco’s father, the head of the Alessandro family, Anthony Alessandro. He was also one of the ten Sword Sages in Kimboku.
“What happened? Why is Marco severely injured?” Anthony questioned with a gloomy expression.
###Chapter 2089 by Marina Vittori
“Sir, Mr. Alessandro put up a challenge at the center of the ancient town.
“He wanted to challenge Dragonmarsh’s martial artists to dampen their nation’s spirit. He also wanted to gain a name for himself and bring honor to the Alessandro family.
“Everything was going well at first. Two Dragonmarsh’s aces lost against him. Unexpectedly, a nameless person appeared at the third match.
“He took advantage when Mr. Alessandro was at his weakest and defeated him unfairly. He even tortured and humiliated him. Please avenge him and kill that lowly Dragonmarsh martial artist!”
The butler knelt on the floor and quickly recounted the events, embellishing the details for added effect.
“Fuck!” Anthony was furious after hearing that. Then, he slapped the butler’s face. “Who let you set up a challenge at Sacred Wrym Summit? Do you know that it’ll ruin our plan?”
“Sir, it’s not my fault. Mr. Alessandro said that his family had been dormant for so long. He wanted to use this chance to make a name for himself and reclaim the honor they once had,” the butler cried.
“Stupid!” Anthony kicked the butler to the floor and shouted. “As his servant, you should keep an eye on him and stop all his reckless actions. Instead, you’re here begging for my mercy after he lost!
“I…” The butler was speechless.
No matter what, the butler was somewhat responsible for Anthony being beaten like this.
“Bring Marco back to his room for treatment!” Anthony motioned and ordered his subordinate to bring the heavily injured Marco away.
Then, Anthony turned around and glared at the butler. “You good-for- nothing! You failed to protect your employer, even bringing shame to the Alessandro family.
“You should cut off one of your hands as a punishment!” After saying that, Anthony took out a blade and threw it to the butler’s leg.
“What?” The butler’s face turned pale, and his legs shuddered. The butler only had two hands. If he lost one of them, he would become useless!
“What? Are you scared?” Anthony’s gaze turned gloomy as he pressed his hands on his sword.
If the butler dared to refuse, he wouldn’t hesitate to cut off his head. Anthony could still forgive the butler for losing. However, he couldn’t tolerate a coward in his family.
“Thank… Thank you for going easy on me. I’m willing to be punished!” Seeing the Kimbokuan martial artists staring at him, the butler gulped and aimed the knife at his wrist.
“Ah!” The butler shouted. After mustering up his courage, he cut off his wrist.
The knife was sharp. Thus, it cut off his wrist easily. Instantly, blood oozed out and splattered all over the floor.
The butler gritted his teeth, emitting a wail of agony from his throat. He was drenched in cold sweat, and his entire body was convulsing in pain. He almost fainted from the pain.
“You useless person! Go and get yourself treated!” Anthony shouted.
“Thank you!” The butler thanked before exiting the room while covering his broken hand.
“Mr. Alessandro, what happened? Why is there blood everywhere?” At this moment, a shrill voice sounded at the door.
All the Kimbokuan martial artists became alert as they looked over.
A group of black-shirted tall men and women with golden hair and blue eyes stepped inside confidently.
Although they didn’t exude any particular aura, their presence weighed heavily on the Kimbokuan martial artists’ chest.
It was as if they were a pack of beasts instead of human beings.
“The Hall of Gods?” Anthony narrowed his eyes. He immediately gripped the hilt of his sword, as if he was facing a formidable enemy.
###Chapter 2090 by Marina Vittori
Anthony and the Kimbokuan warriors held on tightly to their swords with alert looks on their faces as they observed the unexpected appearance of the individuals.
It appeared as if they were up against a strong opponent. They had no choice as these men and women with blonde hair and blue eyes were very imposing.
“Mr. Alessandro, how have you been? It’s been a long time.” A sturdy, middle -aged man with a neat beard and a greasy hairdo walked forward and greeted them with a smile.
“Bailey? It’s you!” Anthony looked carefully and was very surprised, ” Aren’t you being held prisoner at the Hall of Gods? Why are you…” He looked around and decided it was best not to ask.
He remembered that Bailey, the Grizz Lord, was the nemesis of the Hall of Gods.
He was on the most wanted list of the Hall of Gods and he was finally caught with the help of many skilled fighters. After that, he was imprisoned in a secret location at the Hall of Gods.
No one had expected that Bailey would be released and was now on good terms with the members of the Hall of Gods. What a shock!
“Mr. Alessandro, you’re outdated. I regained my freedom a year ago.” Bailey smiled and revealed his pearly whites. “Now, I hold a very important position at the Hall of Gods. I am now the new God of the Underworld!”
“What? You’re now a member of the Hall of Gods and you’re also the new God of the Underworld?” Anthony’s eyes widened in sheer disbelief.
The elite fighter team of the Hall of Gods consisted of twelve major gods and four royal gods. Hades was one of the royal gods. He was one of the most powerful people in the organization.
It was true that Bailey, the Grizz Lord, possessed the potential to be the God of the Underworld.
However, the problem was that Bailey used to be a prisoner of the Hall of Gods. It was unbelievable that he had now become one of the royal gods at the Hall of Gods.
This was just like sworn enemies who suddenly became best friends. It was very strange!
“Mr. Alessandro, there’s nothing shocking about this. The Hall of Gods appreciates talent. Anyone would naturally move up the ranks if they had an iron fist.
“How about that? Are you interested in becoming a member of the Hall of Gods?” Bailey lit a cigar as he grinned.
“Mr. Bailey, stop joking around. Traditions are very important for the Alessandro family. We’ll never work for an outsider.” Anthony shook his head.
“Oh, what a waste of talent!” Bailey uncrossed his arms and continued, ” With your potential, you’d easily become one of the major gods. You know this as well.
“A year ago, many talents were lost when the Hall of Gods invaded Dragonmarsh and failed to kill the Crown Prince of Lucozia. We need more members now.”
In all honesty, he was grateful that the failed mission dealt a huge blow to the Hall of Gods. If not, he wouldn’t have regained his freedom and become God of the Underworld.
“Mr. Bailey, I don’t think you came all this way just to tell me this, right?” Anthony asked inquisitively.
“Mr. Alessandro, I came to pay a special visit as I heard that you were around the Sacred Wrym Summit. I’ve something to discuss with you as well.” Bailey said with a smile.
“What might that be?” Anthony was eager to find out.
“Kimboku and the Hall of Gods share the same goal. However, it’d be difficult to achieve this goal if we work alone. I think that we should team up.”
Bailey took two long drags on his cigar and continued, “Dragonmarsh is very different now. It’s developing too rapidly and it currently ranks second in the world.
“Dragonmarsh is just slightly behind Artea. Besides, at the rate of its development, Dragonmarsh will definitely surpass Artea in under ten years and become the strongest country in the world! I think this is something neither of us would like to see.
“After all, when compared to Artea, the people of Dragonmarsh hate Kimboku more. It’d be a huge threat to our nations when Dragonmarsh becomes a strong country!”
Anthony’s expression became serious when he heard that.
###Chapter 2091 by Marina Vittori
A few decades ago, Dragonmarsh was indeed a weak country. Kimboku was ahead of Dragonmarsh in all areas of development.
However, they must admit that the two countries had completely switched places. If Dragonmarsh was allowed to develop freely, Kimboku would have to pay dearly in the future.
As such, Kimboku had been trying their best to thwart the development of Dragonmarsh. They couldn’t afford to miss any chance at weakening Dragonmarsh.
This was also the reason why he came to the Sacred Wrym Summit.
“Mr. Bailey, what’s your plan?” After a moment of silence, Anthony finally spoke up.
It was very risky to attack the Sacred Wrym Summit if he relied solely on the power of the Alessandro family. It’d be a different story if he had help.
“I’ve got two plans. If we do everything according to my plans, Dragonmarsh will certainly suffer a serious setback,” Bailey said meaningfully.
“Mr. Bailey, can you please elaborate on your plans?” Anthony was a little curious.
“My first plan will be carried out in broad daylight,” Bailey said with a laugh.
“Under the guise of participating in the Combat Tournament of the Sacred Wrym Summit, we can send in a few good fighters to disrupt the tournament.
“Once we win, we’ll have the secret treasure from the Ancient Sage and we’ll dash the hopes of the fighters from Dragonmarsh as well.”
“Mr. Bailey, there are many talented fighters from the new generation of Dragonmarsh. It’s not an easy task to defeat them and emerge as champion.” Anthony shook his head.
He knew this very well because he’d been paying attention to news about Dragonmarsh, including the events happening in the martial world. He knew that it was impossible to defeat the many talents of Dragonmarsh.
“You don’t have to worry about that, Mr. Alessandro. I have found a few good candidates who will surely surprise the fighters of Dragonmarsh.” Bailey flashed a confident smile.
“Of course, it’d be best if your son, Marco, could join the tournament. I heard that he was Luca Alessio’s best disciple and he has already mastered Jump Force. It’s time for a talent like him to shine.”
“Well…” Anthony’s expression froze when he heard that. He didn’t know how to respond.
“Why? Is your son not with you here?” Bailey was a little puzzled. According to his informant, Marco and Anthony were both at the Sacred Wrym Summit.
“Marco is here. However, he just had a slight accident.” Anthony sounded a little hesitant.
“Accident? What happened?” Bailey pursued the matter.
“Marco set up a fighting arena in the town center and challenged a fighter from Dragonmarsh. He sustained some injury as he was overconfident and fell for a trap,” Anthony explained politely.
“This brat sounds pretty brave. His only fault was using the wrong method. He must have more practice.” Bailey laughed heartily.
“That’s right. He’s in over his head.” Anthony shook his head helplessly.
“It’s good to see the fighting spirit in the young ones. It’s the survival of the fittest, after all,” Bailey said.
“Let’s not talk about him. Mr. Bailey, what’s your second plan?” Anthony decided to change the topic.
Bailey looked around and said mysteriously in a lowered voice, “I’ll have to keep mum about this for now. I’ll bring some friends over tonight at eight and we’ll discuss this together. You’ll find out then.”
“Mr. Bailey, do you have to be this careful?” Anthony’s interest was piqued.
“There’s a saying from Dragonmarsh and it goes like this, better safe than sorry. I’ll see you at eight tonight.” As Bailey finished his sentence, he gave a signal before leaving in a hurry with a group of his men.
###Chapter 2092 by Marina Vittori
“Sir, is Bailey trustworthy?” After the departure of the members of the Hall of Gods, a one-eyed warrior asked in a lowered voice.
“Trust no one except for those from the Alessandro family.” Anthony shook his head.
The Grizz Lord, Bailey, whom he knew before was a loud and proud but mindless person. However, he seemed to have changed a lot now.
“Sir, if Bailey isn’t trustworthy, are we still going to work with him?” The one- eyed warrior continued asking.
“Of course.” Anthony narrowed his eyes and continued, “It doesn’t matter if it’s Kimboku or the Hall of Gods from the West, we have the same enemy which is Dragonmarsh!
“What we need to do is to wreak havoc on Dragonmarsh and impede its development. With this pretext, it doesn’t matter if we have our own plans. We’ll work together as long as we share the same goal!”
“Understood!” The one-eyed warrior nodded heavily. In other words, the supposed corporation was just them using each other to achieve their own goal.
“Hurry up and go get ready. The meeting tonight is very important. You must pay attention to everything in our environment and don’t say a word of this to others,” Anthony ordered.
“Alright, noted!” The one-eyed warrior responded and left with the rest of the team. Soon, it was nightfall. Anthony had prepared some snacks in anticipation of Bailey’s visit.
The Grizz Lord, Bailey, knocked on his door a little bit before eight.
The only difference was that Bailey had kept a very low profile for this visit when compared to his visit in the morning. In addition to wearing a hood and a mask, he only brought along two of his trusted subordinates.
“Mr. Bailey, I’ve been expecting you. Please come in.” Anthony got up to welcome Bailey and his subordinates and invited them into the living room.
“Mr. Alessandro, I’m sorry to have kept you waiting.” Bailey sat down comfortably and reminded him, ” Please be sure to keep tonight’s meeting a secret. Please inform your warriors to be on high alert and say nothing about this to anyone.”
“Please don’t worry, Mr. Bailey. I have my informants all over the place and nothing can happen without me knowing.” Anthony reassured him.
“Very good. It’s my pleasure to be working together with reliable partners like you.” Bailey nodded with a smile.
“Mr. Bailey, didn’t you say that you were going to bring some friends over? Why are you here alone tonight?”
Anthony asked curiously. “Relax, Mr. Alessandro. My friends are on their way here and should be arriving shortly.” Bailey lifted his glass to sip some wine.
As he spoke, a huge and dark shadow that was shaped like a crane flew across the night sky above the yard. It was very silent and very fast. It was very hard to trace like a ghost.
“Who’s that?” The pupil of the one- eyed warrior constricted as he ran after the shadow with his sword.
Anthony was about to get up when Bailey stopped him by raising his hand. “Mr. Alessandro, calm down. I smell a familiar scent, that should be my old friend arriving.”
“Old friend?” Anthony raised his eyebrows slightly and didn’t say too much.
As he ran out of the living room, the one -eyed warrior kept his eye on the moving shadow. He wasted no time as he leaped up high and swung his sword at the shadow.
The sword glistened in the dark as it sliced through the shadow. However, instead of blood splattering everywhere, the shadow that was sliced through transformed into a cloud of bats and flew away.
The cloud of bats swarmed the sky and earth as they scattered. Very soon, they gathered and formed a dark silhouette of a human behind the one-eyed warrior.
The silhouette wore a blood-red cape and remained hidden in the dark. As such, it was difficult to see the face. Only very skilled fighters could detect the imposing and terrifying aura emanating from the silhouette.
After the silhouette reappeared, it ignored the one-eyed warrior and walked into the living room right away.
###Chapter 2093 by Marina Vittori
The one-eyed warrior was furious when he was being ignored. He quickly moved forward with his sword in his hands and delivered a powerful blow to the silhouette.
The silhouette didn’t turn around nor did it avoid the attack. Instead, it simply lifted its hand and caught the curved longsword aiming at him.
Sparks flew when the silhouette’s pale and weak-looking hand caught the one -eyed warrior’s curved longsword. It was as if the hand was made of steel.
“W-What?” The one-eyed warrior’s eyes widened in shock.1
He didn’t think that the silhouette would be able to block a strike this strong with bare hands. He couldn’t even retrieve his sword no matter how hard he tried. Who was this person?
The one-eyed warrior’s sword was broken into many pieces as the silhouette clenched its fist around the sword tighter.
In the next moment, the silhouette turned around abruptly and revealed its pale and sickly face. Its blood-red eyes shone with a demonic glow in the dark.
The silhouette growled and opened its bloody mouth as it rushed forward, aiming for the one-eyed warrior’s jugular vein. It moved so fast that the warrior wasn’t able to react.
“Willem! That’s enough!” Bailey spoke up in time to stop the silhouette when he saw that the one-eyed warrior’s neck was about to be devoured.
The silhouette suddenly froze in place when it heard Bailey talking. Its sharp fangs had already grazed the skin of the one-eyed warrior’s neck.
The silhouette was very close to sinking its fangs into the one-eyed warrior’s jugular vein. The one-eyed warrior was so terrified that he stood rooted to the ground. He was so afraid to move that he even held his breath.
He felt as if he was in a nightmare at that moment, he could only feel fear in his heart. He knew that the silhouette standing before him wasn’t a human, it was a bloodthirsty monster!
“Bailey, I had to travel very far for this appointment. It seems that your friend doesn’t welcome me. I may be a gentleman, but I don’t like having a sword in my face.” Willem, the silhouette, turned around slowly and replaced his menacing and violent look with a seemingly kind and gentle smile.
“Willem, if you had come in through the front door, this misunderstanding wouldn’t have happened.” Bailey laughed.
“This is something that is unique to me. Plebeians like you wouldn’t understand.” Willem chucked away the broken pieces of the curved longsword in his hand and deftly took out a white silk handkerchief to wipe his hands.
“Mr. Alessandro, please allow me to introduce my friend.” Bailey turned toward Willem as he stood up. “This is my old friend, Willem. He’s the Vice Commander of Esmington’s Royal Knights.”
“Esmington’s Royal Knights?” Anthony frowned and blurted, “Are you the legendary Blood Devil Willem?”
The Kimbokuan warriors were shocked to hear that, especially the one-eyed warrior. He couldn’t disguise the horror he felt.
Blood Devil Willem was a frightening existence in Esmington. He consumed human blood for sustenance. He was also a very powerful and cruel person.
In addition to that, he was immortal! Regardless of the severity of the injury he suffered, including decapitation, he could be revived with fresh blood. This was the ghastly trait of the Blood Devil!
They never thought they could see the Blood Devil with their own eyes!
###Chapter 2094 by Marina Vittori
Dread often stemmed from the unfamiliar. The Kimboku warriors were skilled and brave in facing ordinary enemies. However, their courage faltered when confronted with the formidable Blood Devil Willem.
Willem was a figure of mystery, endowed with immortality and the remarkable ability to transform into a bat. The mention of his name alone was enough to send shivers down the spines of many.
“Blood Devil?” Willem shook his head.
He continued, “I’m not particularly fond of that moniker. I come from the distinguished royal lineage of the Esmington Empire, holding the honorable title of Earl.
“You can call me Willem or Earl Willem. “A sly grin spread across his face, revealing two sharp fangs.
“Willem, no one cares about your noble status. You’re Blood Devil, plain and simple,” Bailey stated bluntly.
He then gestured toward Anthony. “Let me introduce you to Mr. Alessandro, one of the ten Sword Sages of Kimboku.
“Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Alessandro. “Willem extended his hand, presenting a seemingly harmless appearance.
“Take a seat, Mr. Willem.” Anthony courteously invited, ushering him into the living room.
Despite Willem’s infamous reputation, his undeniable strength was evident. Employing such assistance showcased Bailey’s ambitious plans.
“Mr. Bailey, is anyone else joining us tonight besides Mr. Willem?” Anthony asked.
“Yes! I’ve invited friends from Eskus, Alabastria, and Glorian for this gathering. They’re on the same page as us.” Bailey shared without hesitation.
“Eskus? Alabastria? Glorian?” Anthony was taken aback. He didn’t expect Bailey to reach out to neighboring nations so soon, let alone get everyone on the same page.
The gathering of elites from five nations at the Sacred Wrym Summit in Dragonmarsh hinted that something big was about to happen.
Bailey sensed something and turned to look out of the courtyard. “Look, our friends from Eskus are here!”
Three figures emerged from the darkness, clad in black and moving with nimbleness, becoming one with the night.
They seemed spectral and enigmatic in the moon’s glow. With a swift motion, they leaped into the courtyard.
Seeing this, the one-eyed warrior instinctively drew his sword. But Anthony raised his hand to stop him. “Welcome, friends from Eskus!” Bailey stood up with open arms, warmly greeting the newcomers.
The trio raised their hooded cloaks, unveiling faces reminiscent of Streuqua descent.
Unlike Bailey’s fair hair and blue eyes, their skin had a deeper hue, and their hair was a rich black. It seemed they hailed from mixed backgrounds.
“Hello, Mr. Bailey, it’s been a while,” the trio greeted respectfully.
“It certainly has, my friends.” Bailey embraced each of them.
He then introduced them to Anthony, saying, “Meet Mr. Alessandro, the Sword Sage of Kimboku, and Willem, a member of the Royal Knights of Esmington.”
“Mr. Alessandro, Mr. Willem, it’s our pleasure to meet you,” the trio greeted politely.
###Chapter 2095 by Marina Vittori
“Mr. Alessandro, meet Vanzan, Noir, and Shyvan. They are notable figures from Eskus, each possessing impressive skills.” Bailey introduced.
“Vanzan? Noir? Shyvan?” Anthony raised an eyebrow, growing more surprised by the moment.
In Eskus, the Silent Specters, a mysterious and powerful assassin organization, operated discreetly. They would kill anyone for the right price. One of their notable targets was a former ruler of Glorian.
The organization comprised three elite assassins-Vanzan, Noir, and Shyvan- named after Eskus’s deities.
Their mission success rate was an astonishing 100%. The assassination of the Glorian ruler was attributed to their skills.
Their unparalleled ability to kill such a highly guarded Glorian ruler and evade capture spoke volumes about their prowess.
Anthony was surprised by the arrival of Blood Devil Willem and Eskus’ three elite assassins. Each of them was capable of unleashing a tempest of bloodshed and chaos.
“Welcome, gentlemen. Come on in,” Anthony greeted, recognizing the trio.
He swiftly ordered some wine and snacks, understanding the importance of showing proper hospitality to these esteemed guests.
“Sir, there are several people from Alabastria outside. They claim to know Mr. Bailey,” a Kimboku warrior informed.
Upon hearing that, Bailey laughed heartily. “Seems like we’ve got more friends joining us.”
“Invite our esteemed guests inside, pronto!” Anthony commanded. It was clear that those invited were no ordinary individuals.
As the courtyard door swung open, a group of casually dressed men entered, each wearing rope-bound headbands.
These Etherians had slightly tanned skin and were not tall, but their well- built frames hinted at hidden strength.
Upon closer inspection, the calluses on their fists, knees, and elbows revealed their martial arts skills. The leader, especially, stood out-a seasoned elder whose muscles and bones seemed perfected, his skin emitting a unique metallic sheen.
“Mr. Batuul, welcome!” Bailey greeted. He approached and warmly shook hands with the elder.
“Bailey, it’s been a few years, and you look even stronger.” Batuul smiled.
“I’m just a big guy. Compared to a grandmaster martial artist like you, I still have a long way to go,” Bailey modestly admitted, shaking his head.
Batuul praised, “You’ve got remarkable physical skills. Mastering our Alabastrian Ancient Nomadic Fist would make you even more formidable.
“Thank you for the kind words, Mr. Batuul. I’ll come to you for guidance when I can,” Bailey replied.
Switching topics, he proceeded to introduce the group. “Mr. Batuul, allow me to introduce the Sword Sage from Kimboku, the Vice Commander of Esmington’s Royal Knights, and the three elite assassins from Eskus.”
“I’m Anthony. Nice to meet you, Mr. Batuul!” Anthony bowed respectfully.
Anthony had heard tales of Batuul, the ultimate grandmaster of the Alabastrian Ancient Nomadic Fist. Batuul’s reputation stretched far and wide, with disciples scattered nationwide.
Renowned for his unmatched physical prowess, Batuul possessed a body akin to bronze and bones as resilient as iron, rendering him impervious to the sharpest weapons.
In Alabastria, Batuul was hailed as the Fist Sage. His influence could even rival Luca of Kimboku.
With the inclusion of Willem, the Blood Devil, one of Eskus’s top assassins, Batuul, and the formidable Bear King Bailey, their combined might promise to breach the defenses of Dragonmarsh effortlessly.
###Chapter 2096 by Marina Vittori
Batuul’s arrival lifted Anthony’s spirits. Anthony realized that Bailey, sent by the Hall of Gods, had a well-thought- out plan for gathering strong individuals from various nations in such a short time.
Willem, clad in a red robe, suddenly spoke with a smile. “Mr. Batuul, I’ve heard that you have perfected your body with Adamantine Body Art, which is quite impressive. I wonder if you could show us?”
Before Batuul could respond, a bald disciple behind him sternly interjected. “My master is the Fist Sage of Alabastria, not a circus clown. Show some respect!”
“I’m particularly intrigued because Mr. Batuul is the Fist Sage. I’d like to see the authenticity of the Adamantine Body Art he teaches.” Willem grinned, revealing his two fangs.
Batuul responded calmly, “Feel free to test it yourself, Mr. Willem.”
“Alright then.” Willem turned into a crimson blur, and he swiftly lunged forward.
His left hand’s black nails shot out instantly, extending 40 inches like sharp blades. With a fierce swing, the sharp nails gleamed coldly as they ruthlessly slashed across Batuul’s chest.
Willem’s nails were as sharp as iron. If his opponent had been an ordinary grandmaster, such a strike would have cleaved them in two.
However, upon striking Batuul, it caused no harm other than tearing his clothes and leaving a few shallow white marks on his skin’s surface.
Willem hummed and raised an eyebrow in surprise at Batuul’s calm demeanor.
Despite his sharp fangs and formidable nails, which were as lethal as divine weapons, Willem’s attack had barely made a dent. He had exerted 70% of his strength, yet Batuul’s defense remained unscathed.
Willem couldn’t deny that Batuul’s body defense had reached the Adamantine Body Art level.
“Fist Sage Batuul, your reputation is well-earned. I apologize for my earlier disrespect.” Willem placed his left hand over his chest and bowed respectfully.
The Royal Knights of Esmington, renowned for their reverence toward strength, had already acknowledged Batuul’s prowess.
“It was just a friendly sparring. No need to apologize, Mr. Willem.” Batuul smiled faintly.
Bailey laughed. “Willem, now you’ve witnessed Mr. Batuul’s might. Even without using his abilities, no one here could beat him, not even if we all teamed up.”
Alabastria gained global acclaim for its mastery of martial arts, with Batuul, the Fist Sage, leading the way to unprecedented heights.
Batuul’s expertise extended beyond mere defense. Even his speed, strength, and reflexes had surpassed imagination.
Among Alabastria’s martial artists, Batuul stood unmatched, achieving the ultimate grandmaster level through sheer physical prowess. Like the Blood Devil Willem, Batuul defied human description.
“Bailey, it looks like you’re gearing up for quite a show by inviting Mr. Batuul, “Willem said, his expression a mix of amusement and curiosity. “What’s the plan this time?”
“Be patient. Our friend from Glorian hasn’t arrived yet,” Bailey teased.
“Glorian?” Willem shook his head, displaying undisguised disgust.
He added, “A pompous little nation full of thieves who only know how to steal from others. What could they possibly bring to the table?”
Glorian had two standout traits. Firstly, they were incredibly arrogant. Despite lacking real power, they always held themselves in high regard and dismissed everyone else.
Secondly, they were shamelessly bold, often claiming others’ accomplishments as their own without a hint of remorse.
Hence, Glorian earned the mocking moniker of the “thieving nation” among other nations.
“Willem, it’s great to hear your thoughts when it’s just us. But once our Glorian friends arrive, let’s avoid any tense discussions. We should aim for a friendly atmosphere,” Bailey cautioned.
###Chapter 2097 by Marina Vittori
The Hall of Gods, with approval from Artea, arranged a meeting of influential leaders from various nations. This collaboration, if fruitful, would pave the way for future gatherings of a similar nature.
“I can just ignore the representative from Glorian as long as they don’t get under my skin,” Willem remarked, lifting his wine glass and savoring it quietly.
After brief introductions and getting acquainted, the attendees engaged in casual conversations.
As time passed, the clock struck 8:30 pm, half an hour past the agreed-upon time. Still, there was no sign of the Glorian delegation.
While the other powerful nations refrained from openly criticizing, discontent was visible on their faces. They arrived promptly for this significant gathering, anxious not to miss any crucial information.
However, the Glorians had the nerve to show up late-not just a few minutes late, but a considerable delay of half an hour, as if it didn’t matter.
Artea, as the world’s leading nation with abundant resources and clout, might have been excused for such behavior.
However, Glorian, the weakest nation, dared to keep everyone waiting, displaying a profound lack of awareness of their position.
“Bailey, time’s ticking. Glorian’s representative probably won’t show up. Shall we begin?” Willem’s impatience was evident as he swirled the drink in his glass.
“Let’s give them a little more time.
They might have run into some trouble. “Bailey glanced at the time, feeling increasingly annoyed.
Being so late for such an important matter only confirmed Glorian’s unreliability. He began to question whether including Glorian in the alliance was a mistake.
“How much longer are we supposed to wait? We need an answer,” Willem said blandly. “Are we just supposed to keep waiting if they never show up?”
“Mr. Bailey, we can handle anything with our strength without Glorian’s help. So, whether they come or not, it doesn’t make a difference.” Vanzan interjected.
He didn’t have a favorable opinion of Glorian’s people either. Previously, it was just hearsay, but now, experiencing it firsthand, he felt nothing but disgust.
“Let’s wait another five minutes. If the Glorian representative doesn’t arrive by then, we’ll count them out,” Bailey declared firmly. He had organized this meeting, and Glorian’s continued absence was a direct insult.
“Okay, let’s wait another five minutes, “Willem relented.
As the minutes dragged on, the anticipated time quickly passed.
Noting the absence of the Glorian delegation, Bailey rose with a stern countenance. “In light of Glorian’s unexplained absence, the Hall of Gods hereby revokes their alliance status. The subsequent actions will be a collective effort among the five nations.
Before Bailey’s words could fully sink in, the tranquility of the courtyard was disrupted by the sound of heavy footsteps approaching the door.
A middle-aged man in shining golden armor entered, flanked by an entourage of silver-armored guards. With longbows in hand, silver spears at their sides, and a demeanor of authority, they exuded an air of dominance and pride.
“I’m sorry for the delay, Mr. Bailey.” The man in golden armor chuckled as he approached Bailey with a handshake.
Bailey frowned, staying silent before posing his query. “Mr. Jasper Crest, I reminded you that this meeting was set for 8:00 pm with discretion. Why the large entourage?”
For a clandestine gathering, bringing two trusted aides would have sufficed.
Yet, Jasper had arrived with over a hundred people, seemingly unconcerned about attracting attention from Dragonmarsh.
In response, Jasper shrugged and pretended to have a headache. Then, he bragged, “Mr. Bailey, I’ve been trying to stay unnoticed, but my skills tend to draw attention! In Glorian, we’re blessed with abundant talent and resources.”
###Chapter 2098 by Marina Vittori
Jasper’s words left everyone feeling uneasy.
Their faces soured at his shameless behavior, an audacity they had never witnessed. Not only was he late, but he also exuded an arrogant, self- important demeanor, making it difficult to stomach.
“Abundant talent and resources? That’s a laughable claim. What notable figures does Glorian even boast?”
Willem scoffed, eyeing Jasper with disdain.
Jasper’s face darkened at the remarks. ” And who are you to question the strength of my nation?”
He went on, “Our nation’s history is long, stretching back five thousand years. We were once a mighty superpower with a vibrant culture that still shines today.
“Over the years, we’ve given birth to many heroes. Even the Dragonmarsh was once under our rule, a testament to our strength.”
Willem cut him off bluntly, “Your tall tales might impress your people, but they won’t work on us.
“Everyone knows the truth about Glorian. Your so-called cultural heritage is nothing but borrowed. Even your prized spiced cole recipe is stolen from Dragonmarsh. What else can you possibly boast about?”
This remark elicited laughter from those present.
Glorian had gained quite a reputation for “stealing” – be it history, culture, or dignity, they seemed to take anything within reach.
What was ironic was their push to claim the stolen goods as their own, even boldly promoting it for credibility.
As time passed, their past misdeeds came to the surface. It even became the butt of jokes in many nations.
Willem’s accusation sparked Jasper’s anger. “How dare you insult my country, you pale simian! I challenge you to a duel!” He couldn’t tolerate the affront to his homeland.
“Duel? Heh… I’m game.” Willem’s voice carried a dark undertone, his crimson eyes gleaming.
“Stop this nonsense! We’re allies. No need for violence over trivial matters!” Bailey promptly interjected.
Though irked by Jasper’s outburst, Bailey intervened to prevent the situation from escalating into a physical confrontation.
The idea of dueling with someone as notorious as Blood Devil Willem seemed utterly absurd to Bailey.
“Mr. Bailey, this isn’t trivial. It’s about my country’s dignity!” Jasper’s tone was resolute.
He added, “Outsiders shouldn’t undermine the reputation of our nation. This pale simian insulted us, and he must be held accountable!”
Wilhem remained composed, casually sipping his red wine in response to Jasper’s strong words.
“Mr. Jasper, do you understand who you’re confronting?” Bailey arched his brow.
“Whoever this pale simian is, I couldn’t care less. He either apologizes or fights with me today. There’s no other way!” Jasper stated firmly.
As one of Glorian’s top three warriors, Jasper was nearly unbeatable in his nation. Even the ruler held him in high regard. With his strength, dealing with a frail pale simian like Willem appeared effortless.1
“Mr. Bailey, here’s an opportunity to witness something remarkable. How about letting Mr. Park and Mr. Willem have a duel? It could be enlightening for all,” Vanzan suggested with a smile.
“Yes! I’m also quite curious about Mr. Jasper’s skills from Glorian,” Noir chimed in.
Shyvan stayed quiet but nodded in consent.
It was evident that the three elite assassins from Eskus desired the spectacle.
“Mr. Jasper, let me ask you again: Are you truly set on challenging Willem?” Bailey asked seriously.
“Of course! I want him to pay for his disrespectful actions!” Jasper declared with determination.
“Alright then! You two will settle this like warriors through a duel. Let your skills determine the outcome!” Bailey relented, accepting the duel.
With his golden spear raised high, Jasper strode confidently into the courtyard, fixing his gaze on Willem.
“Pale simian! Today, I will make you acknowledge defeat!” he declared, his voice echoing through the open space. ” Draw your weapon!”
###Chapter 2099 by Marina Vittori
Willem declared confidently, “My hands are my weapons.” As he stepped forward, his fingers parted slightly, revealing sharp black nails that sprung out like blades.
Jasper, wielding a long spear, retorted, “Hmph! Looks like you haven’t trimmed those nails in ages. Today, I’ll give you a hand!” He wasted no time and thrust directly.
The speed was blinding, leaving only a flash of golden light visible. Willem didn’t retreat but charged forward, colliding head-on with the golden spear in a crimson blur.
“You’re courting death!” Jasper sneered as his spear erupted into a flurry of shadows.
In the courtyard, the dazzling light made onlookers squint. Each movement was swift, slicing through the air effortlessly.
The golden spear shadows, tightly packed, resembled a volley of cannonballs, tearing through Willem’s crimson afterimage and shredding it. The process unfolded with merciless simplicity, encountering no resistance.
“Hmph! Pathetic!” Jasper scoffed.
His smug expression oozed confidence as he withdrew his spear. He felt proud, utterly sure that anyone daring enough to challenge it with their body meant courting death.
“Mr. Bailey, I must apologize sincerely. I exerted too much force and accidentally ended the life of the
person you invited. Please forgive me,” Jasper said, turning to Bailey with an air of self-satisfaction.
“Mr. Jasper, could you please confirm? Did you truly strike Willem?” Bailey asked impassively.
“What?” Jasper’s eyebrows shot up in surprise, his gaze fixating on the scene before him.
The crimson afterimage he’d seen moments ago now lay in tatters, descending slowly like confetti. These remnants were nothing more than shreds of fabric, lacking any trace of a body or blood.
Had he been striking at thin air just moments earlier?
The cry of a silver-armored guard rang out consecutively. “General! Look behind you!”
Jasper’s senses heightened instantly. Without even a glance backward, he spun his spear and thrust behind him. Yet, as his body twisted with the spear’s motion, he encountered nothing in his wake.
“Are you looking for me?” A demonic whisper slithered into Jasper’s ear, accompanied by a hand with black claws resting on his shoulder.
Jasper’s hair stood on end as a chill ran through him, from his toes to his scalp. Reacting instinctually, he swiftly rolled forward, creating distance from the unseen danger while thrusting his golden spear.
The clang of metal reverberated. Willem’s fingernail barely brushed against the tip of Jasper’s weapon, sending sparks flying upon contact.
“You’ve ruined my clothes, so now you’ll pay with your life,” Willem growled, his grin revealing menacing fangs. The red glow in his eyes intensified like that of a bloodthirsty demon.
###Chapter 2100 by Marina Vittori
“Go to hell!” Jasper shivered as he locked eyes with Willem, whose piercing red gaze sent a chill down his spine. Gripping his spear tightly, Jasper swiftly spun it around.
With a deft movement, the spearhead dodged Willem’s clawed reach and shot up his arm. Like a striking serpent, it aimed for Willem’s chest with remarkable speed and precision.
Then, the sickening noise of flesh tearing echoed through the air.
With no hindrance, Jasper’s forceful thrust drove the spear straight through Willem’s heart. It pierced him from front to back, leaving a grim pool of blood staining the ground.
“General, you’re incredible!” Hundreds of silver-armored guards cheered in unison, visibly thrilled. They knew insulting Glorian would end in death.
“Haha… I thought you were tough, but you’re weaker than I thought. One spear thrust and you’re done! Truly disappointing!” He withdrew the spear, leaving a bloody hole in Willem’s chest.
To his surprise, Willem didn’t collapse. Instead, he fixed his gaze on Jasper, like a predator watching its prey.
Bailey and the others stayed calm, not showing any surprise.
“Do you think you’ve won?” Suddenly, Willem laughed with a sinister smile on his pale face. “Your attack merely tickled me.”
“W-What?” Jasper furrowed his brow.
He was horrified to witness the bloody hole in Willem’s chest visibly healing at an astonishing speed. In just a few breaths, the fatal wound had recovered entirely, leaving no trace of a scar.
“How… How is this possible? What kind of monster are you?” Jasper gasped in shock.
Being stabbed in the chest not only caused no harm but healed instantly- was this even human?
“Monster? Hehe… Your nightmare has just begun.” Willem grinned wickedly. Then, he lunged forward. His claws were poised to strike Jasper’s face.
Jasper, reacting on instinct, thrust his spear forward in defense. But in a sudden and unexpected twist, Willem’s body burst apart.
It morphed into a swarm of thousands of black bats that descended upon Jasper in a frenzied assault.
Caught off guard, Jasper panicked. He flailed his arms and shouted in confusion as he desperately tried to fend off the relentless swarm with his spear. He had never anticipated such a bizarre trick from his opponent.
The sky filled with the fluttering of black wings as the bats relentlessly attacked Jasper, leaving behind a trail of fine scars on his exposed limbs and face.
Despite the protection of his golden armor, Jasper was overwhelmed by the sheer number and speed of the bats.
In just moments, he was left battered and wounded.
As the swarm dispersed, Willem reformed behind Jasper in his human shape, a wicked grin on his face.
“Let me taste the blood of Glorian’s people. I wonder what it tastes like.” With lightning speed, Willem grabbed Jasper’s head and sank his fangs into his neck.
###Chapter 2101 by Marina Vittori
Jasper was startled and instinctively raised his arm to stop Willem’s advance.
Despite his efforts, the vast power gap between them rendered Jasper helpless against Willem’s relentless pressure. He could only watch in horror as Willem’s fangs inched closer to his neck.
Jasper panicked and urged, “What are you fools waiting for? Get in here and help!”
“Quick! Help the General!”
In an instant, the Glorian silver- armored guards, numbering in the hundreds, swiftly responded as if awakened from a deep slumber.
Some drew their bows, releasing a volley of arrows, while others advanced with spears raised, ready to strike.
The arrows were unleashed from bows.
Each carried an explosive force as it rained down on Willem without mercy.
In an instant, his back turned into a pin cushion, resembling the spines of a hedgehog. Blood stained his clothes, reflecting an eerie sheen in the moonlight.
“Isn’t a duel supposed to be fair? And you’re calling for reinforcements? Are Glorians so devoid of honor?” Willem turned and glared at the silver- armored guards.
“I agreed to duel with you, but I never said it had to be one-on-one!” Jasper seized the moment to break free.
Then, he boldly asserted, “My subordinates are under my command. They are willing to face whatever comes our way. It’s perfectly reasonable for them to engage you. I see no issue!”
“Outnumbering me, huh?” Willem sneered, his contempt evident.
For ages, he had been warned of the Glorians’ ruthless tactics and disregard for honor in pursuing victory. Today’s encounter only cemented those warnings into grim reality.
With unabashed pride, Jasper retorted, “Who cares if we outnumber you? It’s a matter of pride for us Glorians to have strength in numbers!”
“Bailey, did you catch that?” Willem raised his head. His eyes fixed on Bailey.
“Mr. Jasper, you’ve already lost,”
Bailey urged, his brow furrowed. “Just apologize to Mr. Willem. So, we can put an end to this whole charade.”
Willem could have easily incapacitated Jasper with just one bite if nobody intervened.
“Why should I apologize? We had the upper hand. Why should we admit defeat?”Jasper challenged defiantly.
“A duel isn’t about outnumbering your opponent,” Bailey reminded, his tone icy.
“Hmph! Our strength in numbers is our skill. If this pale simian can’t handle it, he should gather more people to face us!” Jasper proclaimed.
“Mr. Jasper, I’m trying to uphold Glorian’s best interests. Don’t betray our principles,” Bailey cautioned.
“Mr. Bailey, your bias is showing. You know this pale simian can’t defeat us, so you’re obstructing us at every turn!” Jasper countered.
“Jasper Crest, are you sure you want to keep going?” Bailey’s expression darkened.
“Yes!” Jasper declared firmly. “Today, I’ll teach that pale simian a lesson he won’t forget!”
“Very well,” Bailey conceded, his tone edged with frustration. “I’ll give in to your demand. This duel has no bounds and no regulations. Survival rests solely on your skills. I won’t interfere.”
With those words, the gravity of the situation became clear to everyone.
Bailey was the referee in the previous duel between Willem and Jasper. While his involvement wasn’t decisive, it ensured that neither combatant faced fatal consequences. 1
Initially, the confrontation was meant to be controlled to determine a clear winner. However, the stakes had now escalated to a fight for survival.
With no rules as a guide, it had devolved into a battle of life or death, where victory depended solely on individual skills.
In such dire circumstances, Willem’s combat abilities would prove incredibly advantageous. As an immortal sustained by blood, he wasn’t worried about facing multiple opponents. 15
To him, they were merely prey, regardless of their numbers.
###Chapter 2102 by Marina Vittori
“Thanks, Mr. Bailey,” Jasper said with a triumphant chuckle. He was blissfully ignorant of the imminent danger lurking ahead.
The influential figures from various powerful nations watched in silence. They showed no interest in intervening as they were only there for the spectacle. After all, the outcome didn’t concern them.
“Heh… Looks like I’ll have a feast tonight!” Willem smirked wickedly.
His body quivered as each arrow lodged in his back dislodged and fell to the ground. His bloody wounds began to heal rapidly.
“Hmph! Not even all those arrows were enough to kill you. It seems like you’re quite a tough monster!” Jasper’s expression turned fierce as he narrowed his eyes at Willem.
Despite being pierced through the chest and riddled with arrows from behind, Willem appeared unscathed except for a few drops of blood. His resilience surpassed even that of a cockroach.
“Did no one tell you I’m immortal?” Willem said, his fingernails extending further.
“Ha! ‘Immortal’ my foot!” Jasper jeered.
He added, “I see right through you. You’re just a vampire with all your fancy powers and quick healing. I’ll take you down once I find your weak spot!”
Despite never encountering one himself, Jasper had heard plenty about Streuquan vampires. Witnessing Willem’s transformation into a bat and surviving a seemingly fatal wound only fueled his suspicions.
After all, vampires were notorious for their vulnerabilities-sunlight, fire, and silver s. Fortunately, Jasper’s troops were armed with silver-tipped spears, perfect for dealing with such monsters.
“Oh really? Then come on. Give me your best shot!” Willem taunted, spreading his arms in mock invitation.
“Swap weapons!” Jasper commanded, tossing aside his golden spear in favor of a silver one. Armed with the gleaming silver weapon, he was confident he could defeat Willem unassisted.
“Listen up! Raise your spears and attack!” Jasper’s command echoed ‘through the chaos as he thrust his silver spear forward, signaling the advance.
“Charge!” echoed the cry as hundreds of silver-armored guards hallowed in unison. They brandished their weapons and surged toward Willem.
Each of these Glorian elite warriors was handpicked and honed to perfection in combat. Their synchronized charge resembled an unstoppable tidal wave.
“Come forth, my prey!” Willem laughed. His voice tinged with madness as he boldly advanced.
In a swift motion, he transformed into a mysterious red blood shadow, disappearing into the midst of the oncoming guards.
The battlefield instantly became a cacophony of screams, battle cries, and curses. Willem’s speed was such that the silver-armored guards couldn’t react in time.
The silver-armored guards barely caught sight of a blur of crimson before their limbs were severed or their heads rolled to the ground in the blink of an eye. Amidst the chaos, they couldn’t decipher Willem’s swift movements.
His strikes were swift, akin to a passing breeze. Their sturdy silver armor, designed to withstand swords and spears, proved as fragile as porcelain against his onslaught. A mere touch was enough to shatter it entirely.
They couldn’t land a blow on Willem, rendering their defense futile. Thus, the confrontation became utterly one- sided.
Willem was akin to a tiger amidst sheep, ruthlessly dispatching them all. Limbs littered the ground, and blood painted the area in gruesome hues.
“Form ranks! Protect yourselves!”
Jasper’s voice, laced with shock and fury, rang out as he desperately sought to stem the tide of slaughter.
Willem’s speed was beyond expectation. He was like a specter slipping through their grasp unpredictably.
Jasper realized his finest soldiers would be annihilated in less than ten minutes if they continued this fight. Under his frantic command, the silver-armored guards abandoned their reckless charges. Instead, they formed a tight defensive ring with shields raised.
However, their defense proved futile against overwhelming might.
###Chapter 2103 by Marina Vittori
The silver-armored guards, though formidable, were no match for Willem’s relentless attack. Their efforts only briefly stalled his rampage as he continued to claim lives without pause.
Bodies accumulated rapidly, and the courtyard was stained with a chilling hue of red. Panic gripped the guards as they belatedly grasped the gravity of the threat.
Willem’s strength far surpassed their expectations. He wasn’t merely an ordinary vampire. To them, he reigned supreme among his kind, a true king of the night.
“Hey, bastard! Face me if you’ve got the guts!” Jasper’s voice echoed through the chaos. His words were filled with curses as he desperately tried to divert Willem’s attention.
He understood his pivotal role in stopping Willem’s rampage and preventing further bloodshed. If he could engage Willem alongside the efforts of his men, they could bring down this menace.
“Hmm?” The shout pierced through Willem’s fury, and he stopped. 1
In his hand was the head of a silver- armored guard. Willem’s pale face, smeared with blood, bore an ominous expression with fangs protruding from his mouth.
“Hey, asshole! Bullying the weak isn’t something to be proud of! Show some courage and face me fair and square!” Jasper taunted as he brandished his silver spear.
Willem chuckled and licked the blood from his lips. He smirked and said, “I was planning to deal with these meddling fools first and then deal with you later. But I won’t refuse if you’re eager to meet your end.”
“Bring it on! You think I’m scared of you?” Jasper’s expression hardened.
“I wonder what your blood tastes like,” Willem mused, dropping the severed head he held before disappearing in the blink of an eye. His speed was so fast for the naked eye to follow.
“What?” Jasper’s eyes widened in disbelief. His senses heightened, scanning the surroundings for any trace of Willem.
A sudden breeze whispered past him, raising the hairs on his neck. Reacting instinctively, he thrust his weapon backward. The silver spear found its mark, striking Willem’s chest and rendering him immobile.
A grin spread across Jasper’s face. “Heh You won’t be escaping this time!”
Silver, the bane of vampires, inflicted irreparable damage. It sapped their strength and robbed them of their regenerative powers. Once wounded, they were vulnerable to fire, their only fate reduced to ashes.
“You do have quick reflexes, but unfortunately… it’s no use.”
Willem lowered his head and looked at the silver spear impaling his chest. He advanced stoically, the wound pressing against the shaft without evoking a response. Blood trailed behind as the silver pierced through his back.
Jasper’s expression froze in shock, his heart racing in his chest. “Wait… what? “he stammered internally. “Aren’t ‘vampires supposed to be weak against silver? Why isn’t he affected at all? Have all those stories been misleading?
His voice trembled as his eyes widened in disbelief. “How… how can this be?”
“I’ve already told you,” Willem replied with a smirk, his gaze unwavering. ” I’m immortal.”
With a swift motion, he raised his claws and lunged at Jasper.
###Chapter 2104 by Marina Vittori
Willem’s attack came swiftly, and its speed surprised Jasper.
A blur of movement, a flash of crimson, and suddenly, a chill crept up Jasper’s arms. He glanced down, only to find his arm guards cracked, and blood seeped out.
The clang of metal hitting the ground echoed as his spear fell, followed by the crisp sound of his arms hitting the floor.
“What?”
His eyes widened in shock as he gazed upon his severed limbs. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. With a surge of disbelief, he slowly lifted the two severed parts, blood spurting from the wounds, each drop adding to his agony.
“Ah!”
After a moment of silence, Jasper’s piercing scream shattered the calm. It echoed hauntingly like a ghostly wail.
Unlike Willem, who possessed immortality and limb-regeneration abilities, Jasper was completely defenseless. With his arms severed, he felt utterly helpless and useless.
Willem’s ominous chuckle filled the air. His figure, drenched in blood, resembled a demon emerging from the depths of hell.
Fear overwhelmed Jasper, and he collapsed to the ground. His legs scrambled backward in a desperate attempt to retreat, and his face contorted in sheer horror.
“D-Don’t come any closer!” he pleaded desperately, his voice tinged with thinly veiled threats. “I’m a high- ranking general of Glorian! If you dare to kill me, Glorian will hunt you down and make you pay!”
“Really? I can’t wait to see how Glorian plans to retaliate,” Willem taunted.
His expression twisted with sadistic delight as he extended his tongue to lick the blood off his nails. “Your blood is delicious. I can’t wait to suck you dry!
“You… you dare!” Jasper’s voice trembled with panic. “If you dare kill me, Glorian will stop at nothing to hunt you down!”
“Food delivered right to my doorstep? That’s perfect.” Willem chuckled darkly. With eyes glowing a deeper red, he slowly advanced toward Jasper.
“You monster! Get away from me!” Jasper’s cries for help echoed as he backed away. “Someone! Quickly! Kill this monster!”
In response to Jasper’s distress, the remaining silver-armored guards abandoned their defensive formation. They dropped their shields and raised their spears as they charged toward Willem.
“Attack!” Their collective roar filled the air as they fearlessly charged.
“Ah, this is just perfect!” Willem laughed heartily. He licked his lips in anticipation of the feast before him.
Then, his body morphed into a swarm of bloodthirsty bats and descended upon the silver-armored guards like a dark cloud. The slaughter unfolded swiftly.
In less than three minutes, the ground was painted crimson with the blood of the fallen guards, not a single one left standing.
As the bats regrouped, Willem emerged again in his human form. He stood drenched in blood, and his presence was even more menacing than before.
“Now, it’s your turn,” Willem declared, fixing his intense stare on Jasper again.
Quaking with fear, Jasper abandoned all pretense of courage. “P-Please… spare me… I surrender!”
At that moment, he finally understood that Willem was indifferent to his pleas and empty threats.
###Chapter 2105 by Marina Vittori
Willem was nothing but a bloodthirsty maniac.
“What’s the matter? Lost your nerve?” Willem taunted, his voice dripping with mockery.
He added, “I thought Glorian folks were tough. Weren’t you the ones who wanted to bully others? Weren’t you just boasting about taking me down? Come on, get back on your feet and face me!”
“I… I won’t fight anymore.” Jasper shook his head vigorously. 2
He continued, “It was my mistake. I offended you, and I’m sorry. Please, find it in your heart to forgive me.” With a gesture of submission, he dropped to his knees.
“Your apology means nothing now. You’re worthless, even if you manage to survive,” Willem jeered, edging closer with his nails bared and a menacing glint in his eyes.
“Mr. Bailey! Help me, please!” Jasper cried out, desperation evident in his voice and sweat trickling down his face. He knew pleading was futile, but Bailey was his only hope in a crowd of strangers.
“Mr. Jasper, I’ve repeatedly warned you, but you chose to ignore my advice. You even resorted to using numbers to intimidate others,” Bailey spoke coldly.
He added, “Now, I can’t help you anymore. You’ll have to deal with the consequences on your own.”
Bailey had tried to intervene when Jasper confronted Willem, but Jasper remained obstinate, worsening the situation further. Ultimately, Jasper brought the consequences upon himself.
“Mr. Bailey, I admit my mistake! I deeply regret it! I promise not to repeat it!” Jasper pleaded desperately.
He implored, “If you could save me, I’ll comply with your demands. The hundred thousand troops under my command will follow the orders of the Hall of Gods!”
“But if I die, you gain nothing!” Jasper argued hastily, trying to sway Bailey.
Yet, Bailey remained resolute and shook his head indifferently. “Your fate doesn’t alter the course of events. Your troops will rally behind a new leader. Still, nothing would change.”
“Bailey, you’re a heartless monster!” Jasper’s frustration erupted into a shout. “Are you just going to stand there and watch me die?”
Bailey said nothing and scanned the crowd. “What do you think? Any pleas for Mr. Jasper?”
A heavy silence filled the air, unbroken by any response. The influential figures representing different nations exchanged glances and chose not to intervene.
Jasper’s tardiness was the initial misstep. Even a genuine apology for his lateness might have been excusable. However, his subsequent behavior, steeped in arrogance and disrespect, exacerbated the situation.
What ensued was a degradation of the duel into a collective assault-a lamentable turn of events.
Jasper’s demeanor, a combination of incompetence and arrogance, rendered him unfit for collaboration or consideration. Thus, the consensus was clear-it wasn’t worth risking offending Blood Devil Willem over someone like Jasper.
“You… all of you!” Jasper’s voice quivered, but no one dared to respond. Anger surged within him, yet words failed to escape his lips.
With a mocking laugh, Willem, now transformed into a menacing red shadow, taunted, “Seems like you’ve upset everyone. How about you become my meal, willingly?”
With a swift motion, he lunged, his fangs bared and sank at Jasper’s neck.
A strangled cry escaped Jasper’s lips as he found himself immobilized, as though bound by an unseen force.
As Willem greedily drank his blood, Jasper’s once-plump form began to wither before their eyes. In just two minutes, Jasper’s flesh clung to the bone, and his features contorted into a ghastly visage.
With hollowed cheeks, bulging eyes, and wrinkled skin, he resembled nothing short of a desiccated corpse. Finally, drained of every last drop of blood, Jasper’s lifeless body slumped to the ground. His eyes were forever frozen in a wide-eyed stare.
###Chapter 2106 by Marina Vittori
Jasper, the once-mighty general of Glorian, met his demise through a fatal encounter with the Blood Devil Willem, all because of his overbearing arrogance.
This tragic incident overshadowed what had begun as the gathering organized by the Hall of Gods.
“Sorry to keep you waiting, everyone. I’ll go and freshen up a bit.” Willem’s lips curled into a satisfied smirk after draining Jasper off his last breath.
He nodded to the assembled group before making his way to the restroom.
“Mr. Alessandro, could you find someone to clean up this mess?” Bailey glanced at Anthony.
“Sure,” Anthony agreed with a nod. A team of Kimboku warriors was assembled to commence the cleanup. They swiftly buried the bodies and scrubbed away the bloodstains, ensuring everything was neat and orderly.
Everyone present was a seasoned veteran and was accustomed to facing adversity. Thus, such a minor incident failed to elicit any surprise.
As the Kimboku warriors diligently worked to clear the area, Anthony led the group back to the living room.
Upon their return, Willem had changed into another set of fresh clothes. He reclaimed his seat with an air of satisfaction following a hearty meal.
“Everyone, I’ve gathered you here on behalf of the Hall of Gods to propose the formation of a Crusaders Alliance,” Bailey announced once everyone had settled in their seats.
He added, “Our target is Dragonmarsh. Over the years, each of us has felt the looming threat posed by this nation. If left unchecked, it could jeopardize the safety of our own lands.
“Hence, we cannot afford to remain passive. We must take action. And now, the time has come to seize the moment.
Bailey paused to gauge everyone’s reaction and continued, “Our Crusaders Alliance has two primary ives.
“Firstly, to defeat Dragonmarsh’s emerging talents and emerge victorious in their Combat Tournament, thereby showcasing the prowess of our martial artists and weakening their nation. Secondly, we aim to seize Dragonmarsh’s treasure.”
“Treasure?”
The word sparked everyone’s interest.
While it was important to keep Dragonmarsh in check, getting everyone to work together wasn’t always easy without some personal incentive. But the mention of treasure changed the game.
With the prospect of valuable loot, people might be more willing to take risks, even putting their lives on the line.
“Mr. Bailey, what exactly do you mean by treasure?” Anthony asked.
Bailey’s expression turned serious as he replied, “I’ve got some reliable intel that a hidden treasure trove is tucked away in the forbidden area behind Sacred Wyrm Summit.
“Lately, things have been getting pretty peculiar up there-nine lightning bolts in a row, then bam, the mountain cracks open, unveiling some mysterious loot.
“Despite Sacred Wrym Summit’s efforts to keep it under wraps and increase security, our spies managed to snag some useful clues.
“Now, if our Crusaders Alliance gets hold of this treasure, we’ll not only put a dent in Dragonmarsh’s dominance but also gear ourselves up for some serious strength boost!”
Everyone was stunned by the revelation.
“Heh… this sounds intriguing.” Willem chuckled. “There must be plenty of precious jewels hidden in Dragonmarsh’s treasure. I’m quite interested in those pretty things.”
“Now that we’ve found the treasure, we must snatch it away from Dragonmarsh. We can’t let those Dragonmarsh folks get away with it scot-free!” Vantian clenched his fist.
“I agree.” Batuul nodded. “Alabastria needs this treasure. No matter the cost, we’re getting our hands on it!”
“Sacred Wrym Summit has many formidable elites, especially the Ancient Sage Arion,” Anthony remarked thoughtfully. “He’s a legendary figure. Trying to snatch the treasure under their noses won’t be easy.”
He pondered further, “Arion has long held the title of Dragonmarsh’s top elite. Even our strongest Sword Sage, Luca from Kimboku, isn’t a match for him. Trying to seize the treasure in the presence of such a heavyweight will undoubtedly be very challenging.”
Bailey’s calm voice filled the room. “If this task were easy, I wouldn’t have called upon all of you. Each of you is among the best in the world. I have full faith in your abilities. Together, with our cooperation, success is inevitable.”
Anthony nodded, showing his support. “Mr. Bailey, whatever plans you have, we’re with you. Our family stands ready to follow your lead.”
The others echoed their agreement.
They knew the extent of Grizz Lord Bailey’s influence, especially since his ascension to God King in the Hall of Gods. His authority was absolute, and they respected it without question.
“Alright, everyone. Since you trust me, I’ll be honest with you.” Bailey spoke in a subdued tone, conveying his message with seriousness.
He continued, “The Combat Tournament at Sacred Wrym Summit kicks off in three days. For now, just lay low. When our champion clinches the victory, that’s our cue. Then, I’ll lay out the details for our next steps.”
Winning the tournament meant more than just glory. It was the alliance’s ticket to infiltrate the inner sanctum of Sacred Wrym Summit and uncover the secrets of the Ancient Sage’s treasures. This would streamline their coordination efforts and enhance the precision of their plan execution.
“Mr. Bailey, what happens if we don’t win?” Anthony asked tentatively.
“The team I’ve assembled consists of top talents from various nations. They’re as skilled as Dragonmarsh’s best martial artists. If we stick to my plan, our chances of winning are high,” Bailey replied confidently.
His tone shifted suddenly. “However, even if we fail to secure the championship, it won’t derail our entire plan. The treasure hunt will continue. We might just need a different approach.”
“What approach would that be?” Anthony inquired.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Alessandro. To ensure the smooth execution of the plan, I can’t reveal that yet,” Bailey replied, shaking his head.
Some things were better kept under wraps, not because he didn’t trust Anthony, but to avoid potential leaks.
“I understand.” Anthony nodded.
“Now, all you need to do is gather your strength and await my command. When the time comes, we’ll launch a full-scale attack on Dragonmarsh!” Bailey declared, rising from his seat and raising his glass.
“Cheers! Here’s to a successful cooperation within our Crusaders Alliance!” he exclaimed.
Everyone stood up and clinked their glasses together before drinking. The Sacred Wyrm Summit faced a looming crisis as five nations joined forces to form an alliance.
###Chapter 2107 by Marina Vittori
In the lively ambiance of Breezy Tavern, Dustin was immersed in a cheerful gathering with Quincy and other people. The occasion was a party organized by Quincy in honor of Dustin’s victory over Marco in honor of the Celestial Alliance.
Dustin’s remarkable feat spread like wildfire throughout Sacred Wrym Summit. It even drew the attention of many curious and aspiring talents.
Dustin’s intervention in defeating Marco had averted potential humiliation for martial artists across Dragonmarsh. Thus, it was no surprise that numerous individuals were eager to meet the emerging hero.
“Here’s to your bright future and continued success, Dustin!” Quincy exclaimed, lifting his glass in a toast.
As the night wore on and the drinks flowed freely, even Dustin succumbed to the pleasant haze of merriment.
“Thank you, Elder Douglas,” Dustin replied warmly. He raised his glass with a smile without any hint of submission.
“Dustin, have you truly ruled out joining our Celestial Alliance?” Quincy changed the subject abruptly.
He added, “Given your talent, joining us would provide access to top-notch resources and guidance. I bet that surpassing Fenley in the future isn’t an unrealistic goal.”
He had persistently invited Dustin throughout the gathering, but each time, Dustin declined. Yet, Quincy couldn’t shake off the desire to make one more attempt. After all, rare talent like Dustin’s shouldn’t be dismissed lightly.
“I’m grateful for your kindness, but I still prefer to forge my own path. Also, I have no desire to align myself with any sects, so I must respectfully decline.” Dustin shook his head.
“Ah, I see. What a shame,” Quincy lamented.
Despite repeated invitations falling on deaf ears, it was evident that Dustin remained unmoved by the allure of the Celestial Alliance’s prestige.
Sitting across from Quincy, Crystal unexpectedly chimed in, “The Celestial Alliance has rules and restrictions, which can be somewhat restrictive.”
She added, “But the Sword Union is different. We don’t have those kinds of constraints. It’s all about following your own path. Why not consider joining us?”
Like Quincy, she admired Dustin and hoped he would join the Sword Union.
Quincy blinked in surprise at Crystal’s sudden interjection, his brow furrowed in confusion. He hadn’t anticipated such a direct recruitment pitch, especially one that seemed to critique the Celestial Alliance indirectly.
“Ms. Wesley, I appreciate the offer, but I’m firm in my stance. I’m not keen on joining any sects,” Dustin replied, shaking his head.
While observing the exchange quietly, Ruby couldn’t help but interject with a hint of frustration. She pouted and said, “Hey! It’s not every day that the Sword Union opens its doors to recruit new members. Think about it before turning down such a rare opportunity!”
Crystal, usually distant and not one for extending invitations, had surprised everyone with her proactive offer to Dustin. It was a rare moment of warmth from her, and his lack of appreciation disappointed Ruby.
“Ruby, mind your manners!” Crystal scolded and shot a stern glance at her sister.
Witnessing Dustin’s triumph over Marco was clear evidence of his grandmaster martial artist status. With such talent, even if unreachable for recruitment, warranted respect, not antagonism.
Ruby responded with a dismissive huff and fell into a sullen silence as she sipped her drink.
“Alright, everyone, it’s getting late. Let’s wrap up with one final drink before calling it a night. Tomorrow’s the Combat Tournament registration, so let’s not dilly-dally,” Dalen announced with a smile, rising from his seat.
“Cheers!”
Everyone raised their glasses in response.
After a delicious meal and warm goodbyes, the group prepared to leave for the night. With their glasses raised one last time and a toast shared, Dustin guided Quincy and his friends out.
Outside the tavern, the streets were already deserted. The rain had begun to fall from the sky, accompanied by a biting wind that chilled the bones and sobered up the tipsy group.
“Hey, guys, look… Who’s that?” Miles suddenly pointed toward the street up ahead.
Everyone turned to see a figure approaching through the rain. It was a man draped in a raincoat and a straw hat with a knife in his hands. His head was bowed against the downpour, and his features were obscured in the darkness, casting an air of mystery.
Crystal’s alertness kicked in immediately. “I can feel danger emanating from him. Stay alert, everyone.” Her beautiful eyes narrowed as she instinctively tightened her grip on the sword hilt.
The approaching figure’s ominous demeanor left no doubt that he wasn’t there with friendly intentions.
As he advanced, his footsteps echoed in the puddles, creating a rhythmic sound accompanied by water splashes.
Soon, the man stood before them. Then, he slowly raised his head, revealing a pair of icy eyes, and asked, ” Who among you goes by the name Dustin?”
“Hmm?” Dustin narrowed his eyes as he scrutinized the unfamiliar man before him. His lack of recognition struck him as odd.
He wondered if this stranger was a hired assassin from Kimboku.
“Who are you?” Dalen asked.
The man in the raincoat didn’t respond. His eyes wandered as he asked, “Who is Dustin? Come forward now!”
Dustin stepped forward and said, ” That’s me. And who might you be?”
“Aldric Lang,” he stated coldly.
“Aldric? I’ve never heard of you.” Dustin shook his head.
“That’s okay. You’ll remember this name soon enough and tremble in fear! “Aldric said proudly.
Dustin squinted slightly. “Are you here to kill me?”
“I’ve come to challenge you,” Aldric stated with unwavering resolve, calm yet determined. “You defeated Marco, claiming the glory that rightfully belonged to me. But now, I’ll reclaim it for myself.”
Dustin stood there, stunned by Aldric’s declaration. It dawned on him that Aldric’s desire was simply for fame.
“Hey! Are you out of your mind?” Miles interrupted, his voice filled with annoyance. He added, “He defeated Marco to honor our nation. What’s your problem? Are you deliberately causing trouble?”
“I wasn’t talking to you. Get lost!” Aldric replied bluntly.
Miles bristled with anger. “Hey, kid! Who do you think you are? How dare you act so arrogantly here? You want to challenge Dustin, huh? Fine! Face my sword first!”
As a disciple of the Sword Union, he wasn’t intimidated by someone like Aldric.
“You asked for it!” Aldric snorted coldly. Without another word, he drew his blade. With no warning, a sharp blade aura sliced toward Miles like lightning.
###Chapter 2108 by Marina Vittori
With a swiftness that was almost impossible to track, Aldric’s blade sliced through the air, leaving only a fleeting glimpse of its sharp edge. Everywhere it went, raindrops evaporated instantly, creating a void in its wake.
Miles’s eyes narrowed as he swiftly raised his sword to defend himself.
The clash echoed through the air. Aldric’s blow landed heavily against Miles’s blade. It sent Miles stumbling backward, and his grip wavered for a moment.
“That power…” Miles’ expression turned grave.
Aldric’s last attack had been unexpectedly strong. Miles might have been seriously injured if he hadn’t reacted in time.
Aldric sheathed his blade decisively, his expression cold as he spoke. “You’re no match for me. Move aside,” he said firmly, showing no concern for Miles’ presence.
Miles, undeterred, raised his sword defiantly. “Hmph! Don’t get too cocky, “he retorted.
He added, “I’m a disciple of the Sword Union. Maybe I’m not as gifted as Dustin, but I’m no ordinary fighter. And you? You’re just a nobody who dares to start trouble!” 22
Strength alone didn’t guarantee victory. Some individuals possessed natural strength but lacked true prowess in combat.
“If all Sword Union disciples were like you, it would be truly disappointing,” Aldric remarked, shaking his head in disappointment.
With fury burning inside him, Miles advanced and brandished his sword. ” Such arrogance! How dare you look down on the Sword Union! I’ll show you the consequence of your disrespect!
His attack was swift and precise, carrying a fierce intensity. The blade trembled slightly, hinting at its deadly potential.
“You’ve overestimated yourself!” Aldric scoffed as he unsheathed his long blade with a cold glare.
A surge of blade aura burst forth and enveloped Miles like a sudden avalanche. He instinctively stopped his attack and raised his sword to block.
He swung his weapon repeatedly to fend off the relentless blade aura. But with every block, he was pushed back, and his movements became more frantic as he fought to keep up.
“Get lost!” Aldric’s voice pierced the air as he swiftly closed in and kicked Miles’s abdomen.
Miles cried out in pain as he was sent flying several feet away. He crashed heavily onto the ground like a limp ragdoll.
“Miles!” Ruby’s expression changed as she rushed to his aid.
“Ugh!” Miles groaned as he forced himself upright, but his stomach roiled with nausea. Suddenly, he lurched forward, expelling the remnants of his meal in a messy splatter. In that instant, he looked quite disheveled.
Aldric’s expression remained icy as he looked at Miles with contempt. “Can’t even withstand a single hit!”
Miles’s anger flared, and he retorted, ” You’re taking advantage of my injury!
If I were at full strength, a mere amateur like you wouldn’t stand a chance against me!”
Earlier that day, he had faced Marco in a fierce battle, enduring serious injuries that weakened him to just 70% of his usual strength. Thus, accepting defeat at the hands of Aldric proved hard to swallow.
Aldric’s sneer deepened as he remarked, “Skill speaks for itself. Making excuses and refusing to acknowledge defeat-what future do you envision for yourself?”
“You” Miles found himself at a loss for words. The discomfort in his stomach worsened, and it caused him to retch involuntarily again.
Aldric brushed off Miles, considering him unimportant, and focused on Dustin.
“Your turn!” he declared, dismissing Miles as a minor figure. His real challenge lay with Dustin, the one who had defeated Marco.
“I have no interest in the pointless duel. If you’re here for fame, there’s no need to fight. I concede,” Dustin responded casually.
There were just too many people caught up in the ruthless pursuit of fame. They fought relentlessly, solely for the sake of recognition.
###Chapter 2109 by Marina Vittori
Driving away one challenger would only invite others to take their place. Hence, this would only create an unending cycle.
Dustin disliked pointless duels and chose to yield rather than be pulled into endless fights. He was willing to forgo the glory of defeating Marco if it meant avoiding continuous conflict.
Aldric’s demeanor soured. “Do you take me for a beggar?”
His tone chilled. “For me to win, it must be an honest victory, with you admitting defeat unequivocally. There can be no room for uncertainty!”
His pursuit of fame spurred him on and fueled his determination to achieve victory solely through merit. As a swordsman, he took great pride in this endeavor.
“What if I decline the duel?” Dustin asked.
Aldric’s face contorted into a menacing expression. “If you don’t make a move, then I’ll kill everyone around you. Let’s test your resolve then!”
Dustin furrowed his brow at the threat. He thought, “This man knows no bounds. Seems there’s no escaping this confrontation today.”
“Alright, since you’re so eager, I’ll play with you,” he said with a grin, accepting the umbrella Laurel offered and stepping into the rain. 1
The steady downpour drummed against the umbrella, creating a soothing sound.
“Where’s your weapon?” Aldric asked.
“I don’t need one to deal with you,” Dustin replied calmly.
“Such arrogance!” Aldric exclaimed. He unsheathed his blade and swiftly lunged at Dustin. But then, a thunderous roar filled the air. A massive blade aura emerged, stretching over 30 feet, its destructive power aimed squarely at Dustin.
The rain seemed to shy away from its path, scattering in fear, while the ground quivered beneath its force.
“Wow! Is he using the Bloodfiery Rampage technique? That’s the signature move of the Bloodfiery Legion!” Dalen exclaimed, astonished by the display.
Crystal frowned upon hearing that. ” The Bloodfiery Legion?”
She possessed some knowledge of the Bloodfiery Legion, a secretive sect renowned for its elite members. Despite their small numbers, each disciple was formidable.
What set them apart was their fierce combat skills. They thrived on challenges, often taking on elites from different sects.
Their technique, the Bloodfiery Rampage, fueled their strength through continuous battle. They earned the moniker “Bloodfiery madmen” due to their fearless approach to combat, showing little concern for their own well-being.
One standout figure among them was Kendricks, ranked eighth on the Legendary List.
“Interesting,” Dustin said calmly as he observed the imposing blade aura closing in on him. With a slight grin, he lifted his hand and swiftly countered with a palm strike.
A burst of shadow erupted as it collided forcefully with the blade aura.
An explosion echoed through the air as the shadow palm dissipated, shattering the blade aura into fragments and scattering energy waves that sent water splashing in all directions.
“Check out my blade!” Aldric exclaimed as he lunged forward with the speed of a cheetah.
His sword struck the ground, leaving sparks in its wake as he approached his target. He swung his blade diagonally, unleashing a fierce attack.
The air trembled with echoes that filled the moment with intensity. 1
The blade’s aura wrapped around the weapon, bearing down on Dustin as if it weighed a thousand pounds.
Dustin reacted quickly, smoothly sidestepping the incoming strike as he moved back a few paces. As he retreated, a water droplet fell from the edge of his umbrella.
With a flick of his fingers, the droplet transformed into a sword. It zipped forward with remarkable speed, piercing Aldric’s shoulder and spraying blood.
Aldric grunted as his arm trembled in pain. His attack stopped abruptly, replaced by a look of shock and horror that swept across his face.
###Chapter 2110 by Marina Vittori
Aldric grunted and staggered. The force of the impact almost caused him to lose hold of his blade.
He looked down at his shoulder and saw a bloody hole, feeling the warmth of blood seeping through his raincoat. The rain mixed with the blood as it trickled down, creating a chilling sight.
A water droplet turned into a sword that effortlessly breached his defenses, showcasing Dustin’s unexpected strength. It was more than Aldric had bargained for.
“Nice shot!” Miles cheered after seeing Aldric wounded. He felt his pride was redeemed after the previous humiliation.
“Hmph! You’re tough, but one strike from Dustin, and you’re reeling. Looks like the so-called tough disciples of the Bloodfiery Legion aren’t living up to their reputation.” Ruby scoffed, her tone laced with mockery.
“Ruby, don’t underestimate those Bloodfiery Legion members,” Dalen cautioned, his gaze steady.
He continued, “Once they’re in the thick of battle, they only get tougher, especially when wounded. They’ll push their martial arts skills to the brink and flip the tables on you.”
“Mr. Shade’s right,” Crystal added gravely. “I can sense Aldric’s energy surging.”
Members of the Bloodfiery Legion were relentless fighters. Hence, surrender wasn’t in their vocabulary.
“Great job! You’ve really got me fired up,” Aldric declared.
Ignoring his injured shoulder, he swiftly grabbed a red tablet and gulped it down. Immediately, a surge of wild energy erupted, scattering the raindrops around him.
His eyes blazed with intensity, his muscles bulged, his veins throbbed, and his bones shifted with audible cracks. He stood taller and exuded an even more intimidating presence.
“Now, I’ll show you the full might of the Bloodfiery Legion!” Aldric announced. With a deep breath, he clutched his blade tightly to his chest.
Slowly, his crimson eyes closed. Then mist, glowing with a fiery hue, began to envelop him, swirling around his form like a scarlet whirlwind.
“Behold the Bloodfiery Rampage technique-First Stance: the Demon’s Slash!” Aldric’s eyes snapped open, and his body was enveloped in a crimson glow. He soared into the air like an eagle, pausing briefly before bringing his blade down heavily toward Dustin.
A loud roar filled the sky. A crimson blade aura sliced through the rain with immense force, bearing down on Dustin.
Undaunted, Dustin stood firm as he spun the umbrella in his hand.
Like bullets, countless water droplets shot through the air, relentlessly pelting Aldric’s crimson blade aura.
The collision of water droplets and blade aura echoed like firecrackers- each impact creating miniature explosions.
Gradually, under the relentless assault of water, the blade aura began to fragment, dissolving into ethereal wisps before it could fully descend.
Without hesitation, Aldric unleashed his next move, the “Bloodfiery Rampage technique-Second Stance: the Demon’s Bane!”
A swift horizontal slash followed, more aggressive and rapid than the last. Like a sinister blood moon, the crimson blade aura released a chilling energy. It even parted the dense rain curtain as it surged forward.
Facing Aldric’s onslaught, Dustin stood firm and raised his hand. Instantly, the rain in front of him converged, forming a massive shield that securely protected him.
As the crimson blade aura collided with the makeshift barrier, it unleashed a thunderous roar. The blade aura exploded upon impact, leaving a deep mark on the shield. However, the shield quickly repaired itself and regained its original form.
Undeterred, Aldric pressed on with his assault, unleashing the “Bloodfiery Rampage technique-Third Stance: the Immortal’s Demise!”
###Chapter 2111 by Marina Vittori
“Bloodfiery Rampage technique- Fourth stance: the Godslayer!”
“Bloodfiery Rampage technique- Ultimate stance: the Skyfire!”
Aldric’s voice boomed, echoing through the area as he declared his stances one by one. With every swing of his blade, he showcased the culmination of his lifelong training.
He understood that Dustin posed the greatest challenge he had ever faced. To have any hope of victory, Aldric resolved not to hold back. Each strike he delivered was imbued with a fierce intensity that sent waves of destructive force toward Dustin.
The spectators, gripped by fear, could feel the sheer force emanating from Aldric’s attacks, even from afar.
His strength was undeniable as each swing carried an unstoppable momentum that seemed to shake the ground. It was evident to all watching that only a genius like Dustin could match him.
Despite the fierce onslaught, Dustin remained composed. “Your technique shows promise but lacks finesse,” he remarked with a faint smile. He pointed his finger at Aldric like a sword from afar.
Suddenly, a radiant white sword aura burst forth from Dustin’s fingertip. This aura, thin as a strand of hair, paled in comparison to Aldric’s imposing blade aura. It was like comparing a firefly’s light to the full moon’s brilliance-simply incomparable.
Yet, despite its size, Dustin’s sword aura effortlessly pierced through Aldric’s defenses. Each clash resounded with explosive force as Aldric’s blade aura crumbled upon impact, resembling porcelain shattering beneath a heavy blow.
Aldric’s expression changed as his composure slipped away entirely. He hadn’t expected Dustin to counter his all-out assault.
Defeat surged over him like a tidal wave, impossible to deny at that moment. As the last of his blade auras dissipated into nothingness, Dustin’s sword aura surged forward with unrelenting momentum as it aimed straight at Aldric.
Aldric’s eyes widened, and he raised his blade instinctively, bracing for impact. The collision between the two auras erupted into a deafening explosion, unleashing a formidable force.
Aldric was hurled backward, tumbling over 30 feet before crashing onto the ground with a heavy thud. He coughed out blood, and his face drained of color as he struggled to stand.
His sword, too, was sent flying, its metallic ring piercing the air as it embedded itself in the sodden earth, sending ripples across the rain- drenched landscape.
Across from him, Dustin stood unperturbed beneath his umbrella, his demeanor calm and collected. His attire remained pristine, untouched by the persistent rain.
In stark contrast, Aldric’s straw hat lay discarded, his raincoat torn, leaving him soaked and bedraggled, resembling a drowned rat.
Aldric muttered in disbelief and dismay, “How could this be? Did I really lose?” He grappled with the defeat, his emotions shifting between despair and uncertainty.
Despite years of intense martial arts training, achieving mastery felt futile after such a thorough loss to Dustin, a seemingly ordinary martial artist not even listed among the Legends. 1
Doubt consumed Aldric as he reflected on his inadequacy.
How could he challenge his brother, Kendricks, if he couldn’t surpass Dustin? How could he hope to establish a legacy in a world that now appeared vast and indifferent?
###Chapter 2112 by Marina Vittori
Aldric’s gaze flickered from his blade, embedded in the sodden earth, to Dustin’s calm form.
Suddenly, a wave of defeat washed over him. He had nurtured lofty ambitions of shining brightly, of making a mark at the Sacred Wrym Summit Combat Tournament. And now, it struck him hard that he had overestimated his abilities.
He understood that many others surpassed him in skill in this vast world. Despite his earnest endeavors, his modest talents and inflated ego proved futile.
The current outcome embodied this harsh truth. Despite pouring his heart into it, he couldn’t land a single strike on Dustin, who effortlessly outmatched him.
This sobering realization left him struggling for composure, lost in the whirlpool of his emotions.
After a brief silence, Aldric relented, ” Okay, you win. I admit defeat.” He struggled to speak, the weight of his admission evident in his voice.
Dustin responded calmly, “Your skills are impressive. Among your peers, you’re certainly exceptional.”
Aldric had just showcased the prowess of a grandmaster martial artist, a remarkable achievement considering his age. It spoke volumes of his cultivation skill. Yet, it was clear that he and Dustin were not evenly matched.
“Win or lose, I always accept the outcome with grace. But remember that I’ll return to challenge you again!” Aldric turned and left without sparing a glance at his blade.
Even though he lost, his fighting spirit stayed strong. He was determined to train harder and surpass Dustin as quickly as possible.
“That guy might come off as cocky, but you can’t deny his skills. The way he handled that blade gives me chills,” Ruby confessed, still feeling a bit jittery.
Despite her disdain for Aldric’s attitude, she had to admit his prowess. In a showdown, even Spearhawk Vincent might find himself outmatched.
“Aldric undoubtedly has talent, but, unfortunately, he encountered Dustin. Despite his abilities, he is simply outmatched.” Miles sighed.
“I guess you could say he lost with dignity,” Crystal agreed, nodding in approval.
If Aldric was talented, then Dustin was on another level entirely. Whatever he tried, Dustin effortlessly countered. They were simply not on equal footing.
She began to wonder if Dustin was hiding his true identity. With his talent, he should be on the Legendary List, a figure of widespread admiration.
“Crystal, Miles, what’s gotten into you? You just shared dinner, but now you’re talking like Dustin’s biggest fans,” Ruby remarked with a pout, seemingly disgruntled.
Though she acknowledged Dustin’s strength, her previous clashes with him left her skeptical.1
“Mr. Rhys is undeniably the ideal candidate, regardless of his physical prowess or moral fiber,” Crystal asserted. “We must acknowledge and honor the potential of promising individuals like him.”
“Yeah,” Miles agreed, his head bobbing with enthusiasm.
He added, “Meeting someone as gifted as Dustin is like stumbling upon a gem. With his talent, he’s sure to shine at the tournament. We’re lucky to have crossed paths with him. We shouldn’t let this opportunity pass us by!
“Building relationships today is like sowing seeds for tomorrow. One will never know that the kindness we’re exchanging now could prove invaluable when we least anticipate it.”
“Hmph! Sucking up to others? Not my style!” Ruby rolled her eyes with an air of nonchalance. She refused to compromise her principles just to gain favor with someone.
“Ruby, you’re still too young to understand.” He sighed deeply. “The martial world isn’t just about fighting. It’s also about relationships. Making friends can benefit us in the long run.”
“Friendship isn’t just about getting something out of it. It’s about finding common ground. Without that connection, all the chatter is pointless, “she countered.
“Forget about what I just said,” Miles said, shaking his head. “You’ll get it eventually.” He decided not to push the conversation any further.
Aldric’s challenge posed no real obstacle, as everyone anticipated Dustin’s victory. After exchanging brief pleasantries, they went their separate ways.
Dustin retired to his room at the tavern, settling in for the night without giving the day’s events a second thought.
As the rain poured down relentlessly, Aldric walked alone along the deserted street. His clothes were soaked, and his appearance was somewhat disheveled, giving him a battered look.
###Chapter 2113 by Marina Vittori
As Aldric wandered the streets, lost in contemplation, his mind was consumed by memories of his earlier duel with Dustin. Each replay brought a stark realization-the gap in their abilities was insurmountable.
Despite his relentless efforts, victory over Dustin seemed an elusive dream. No matter how many times he envisioned it, the outcome of their duel remained a bitter defeat.
As Aldric wandered through the winding streets, lost in his thoughts, the steady beat of his footsteps danced with the gentle splashes of water in the puddles. Amidst his contemplation, a feeling of unease crept over him.
Suddenly, he stopped and spotted a dark figure emerging at the far end of the road. Dressed in dark attire and carrying a long sword, the mysterious figure exuded an air of foreboding.
Even the rain seemed to avoid touching it, veering away as if repelled by an unseen force, leaving its attire miraculously dry.
Aldric’s concern deepened as he confronted the mysterious figure, his brow furrowing. An eerie chill ran down his spine. “Who are you?” he asked.
The figure stayed calm, showing no emotion as it spoke. “I’m here for your life.”
“My life?” Aldric scoffed. “Think you can take me on?”
“We’ll see,” the figure retorted, steadily inching closer.
“Hmph! Ignorant fool! Finally, I can vent all this pent-up rage, and you’re about to taste its wrath!” Aldric’s hand darted down and scooped rainwater from the ground.
In an instant, the water coalesced into a sharp blade in his hand. With the finesse of a grandmaster martial artist, anything could become a lethal weapon in his hands.
“Bastard! Prepare to meet your end!” Aldric bellowed as he charged forward with his makeshift water blade.
The figure said nothing, but their sword carved a path through the sodden earth as it gained momentum.
“Behold the Bloodfiery Rampage technique-First Stance: the Demon’s Slash!”
Aldric wasted no time to unleash his signature move. Leaping forward with a fierce determination, he gripped his blade firmly with both hands, ready to strike.
Yet, just as his blade descended, the mysterious figure retaliated with their own technique. “Prepare for the Galactic Rift!”
With a tap of their foot, they shot upward like a shooting star.
The two dashed through the air, meeting briefly before touching the ground, standing back-to-back. No earth-shattering blasts or overwhelming forces ensued. Their swift fight concluded almost as soon as it started, as they parted ways with a single strike.
The figure landed, swiftly sheathing their sword before leaving.
“Hey, who the hell are you?” Aldric shouted.
The figure didn’t bother to glance back and retorted, “You’re not worthy to know my name.”
And with that, the figure disappeared into the night.
As soon as the mysterious figure departed, Aldric’s water blade shattered in his grasp, and his head rolled from his shoulders, leaving him bewildered.
In his final moment, he hadn’t expected the figure’s sword to move so swiftly. Its speed caught him off guard, rendering him defenseless.
###Chapter 2114 by Marina Vittori
The following morning, Dustin was deep in meditation and practice. Suddenly, a sharp knock broke his concentration. He opened the door to find Dalen, Miles, Crystal, and Ruby standing outside.
“Dustin, something happened last night!” Miles exclaimed urgently, barely waiting for the door to open fully.
Perplexed, Dustin asked, “What’s going on?”
He found it unusual to see them all assembled at his doorstep at such an early hour with troubled expressions.
“Aldric’s dead! He was beheaded last night!” Miles burst out, revealing the shocking news.
“Aldric?” Dustin was stunned. “The swordsman who dueled me just yesterday?”
“Yeah, that’s the one!” Miles nodded vigorously. “They found his body this morning, headless. It seems like he was taken out with just one clean strike!”
“One strike?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, puzzled. “But Aldric was no amateur with a sword. Who could have had the skill to kill him so effortlessly?”
“Well…” Miles hesitated, uncertain how to continue.
Dalen interjected, “Dustin, rumors are circulating outside linking Aldric’s demise to you.”
Dustin raised his eyebrows in surprise and pointed at himself. “Me?” he exclaimed.
He continued, “Are you kidding? After last night’s encounter with him, I returned to the tavern to rest. I haven’t stepped out since then. How could I possibly have killed him?”
“We also don’t believe it was you, but rumors spread like wildfire. Many have already pegged you as Aldric’s murderer.” Dalen sighed.
“Yeah, last night you managed to defeat him. Plenty of people saw it. And since you were the last person to face him, you’re the main suspect now,” Miles added, his tone serious.
While Dustin hadn’t wielded a sword, his movements mirrored sword techniques. With Aldric’s formidable strength, it was no wonder people were suspicious.
“Aldric’s death has nothing to do with me. I won’t let the gossip get to me. Let them talk. I’ve got nothing to hide,” Dustin said nonchalantly.
Considering Aldric’s penchant for conflict, it could be someone seeking vengeance unrelated to Dustin.
“Dustin, you need to understand the gravity of the situation,” Dalen said, his expression grave.
He went on, “Aldric wasn’t just anybody. He had the full backing of the Bloodfiery Legion. Now that he’s dead, they’ll stop at nothing to find the one responsible. They’re a relentless bunch and won’t hesitate to seek revenge.”
The Bloodfiery Legion members were known for their ferocity and unity. Any attack against them would surely invite swift and merciless retaliation.
“So, you’re saying I’ve gotten into a serious mess?” Dustin asked, feeling confused.
Last night, he never intended to confront Aldric. It was Aldric who challenged him for a duel. And now, unfairly accused of Aldric’s death, Dustin realized he was in a precarious situation.
“Listen up, this isn’t something to take lightly. In my opinion, you must be prepared. Try to avoid getting into trouble for as much time as you can. There’s no reason to put yourself in danger against those lunatics,” Dalen advised.
###Chapter 2115 by Marina Vittori
“If the Bloodfiery Legion wants to talk, sure, I’m open to it. But even if they don’t, I’m not backing off,” Dustin remarked nonchalantly.
He was consistent in his demeanor, whether facing the Bloodfiery Legion, the Sword Union, or the Celestial Alliance. He was indifferent about potentially offending any of them.
“Dustin, I know you’re strong, but remember, there’s always someone stronger. You can’t just go charging ahead without thinking!” Dalen cautioned, his tone sincere.
He continued, “Did you know Kendricks is Aldric’s brother? He’s ranked eighth on the Legendary List and already at Sacred Wrym Summit. When he learns about his brother’s death, he’ll definitely seek revenge!”
The Legendary List featured individuals of remarkable prowess. Each one was capable of dominating any situation.
While Dustin was impressive, Kendricks, ranked eighth on the list, surpassed him. If Kendricks sought vengeance, Dustin’s chances of success seem bleak.
“Yeah, Dustin!” It’s better to live to fight another day. You can lay low until the Bloodfiery Legion tracks down the real culprit. No harm in waiting it out,” Miles chimed in, trying to persuade him.
He could tell that Dustin, despite his skills, didn’t have many reliable allies. That fact made him vulnerable to manipulation.
“The Combat Tournament at Sacred Wrym Summit kicks off in two days. Can I really afford to cower away now?”
Dustin asked, dismissing the idea.
“But what if Kendricks decides to seek vengeance?” Dalen’s concern was evident in his furrowed brow.
“When trouble comes, we’ll face it head -on, and we’ll adapt to any challenges that come our way,” Dustin replied.
“Hey, why won’t you listen?” Ruby couldn’t help but speak up.
She went on, “We’re just trying to look out for you. Can’t you see? Being stubborn won’t help. You have only one life. What if you end up in trouble with the Bloodfiery Legion? That’d be a huge loss!”
Dodging the obvious dangers was easy, but defending against the unseen ones proved tougher.
Dustin’s path would be dangerous when the Bloodfiery Legion marked him as a target. Despite his skills, he was still mortal and vulnerable. Any slip in alertness could spell disaster.
“The Bloodfiery Legion can’t kill me, and I won’t unjustly take the blame for someone else, ” Dustin stated firmly. Where’s Aldric’s body? I want to see the scene for myself.”
Ruby couldn’t believe her ears. “What? You still want to go there?”
Her voice rose with disbelief. “Are you kidding? The Bloodfiery Legion is collecting Aldric’s body. If you go there now, you’ll be walking into their trap!”
She shook her head in disbelief. Was Dustin truly considering this?
Even those with a modicum of sense would do everything to avoid such a dangerous situation. Yet here he was, refusing to hide and marching straight into danger. It seemed beyond foolish to her.
But Dustin remained resolute. ” Whether it’s luck or misfortune, hiding won’t change anything,” he explained earnestly.
He added, “If I went into hiding, it’ll only make me look guilty. It’s better to confront the situation head-on and resolve this as soon as possible.”
“Hey! Why are you so stubborn?” Ruby exclaimed with frustration etched on her face.
Before Ruby could continue, Crystal interjected as she raised her hand to stop her sister. “I believe Mr. Rhys has a point. Avoiding the situation will only make things worse. It’s better to be honest and clear up any misunderstandings. That’s the only way to resolve the issue.”
“But Crystal! Those Bloodfiery Legion fanatics are unpredictable! If Dustin can’t clarify things, they might just resort to violence on the spot!” Ruby’s worry heightened.
Crystal reassured her, “Relax, Ruby. We’re at Sacred Wyrm Summit, not their turf. They can’t just kill innocents here. And with us, disciples of the Sword Union, vouching for Mr. Rhys, they wouldn’t dare to act recklessly.”
Thoughts swim in Ruby’s head. If the Sword Union stepped in to clear Dustin’s name, the Bloodfiery Legion would have no choice but to abide by their judgment.
“Alright! Since Dustin is prepared to confront this, we’ll support him through it!” Miles proclaimed boldly, making a sweeping gesture as if ready to lay down his life.
It was their chance to strengthen their bond with Dustin. By helping him, they could solidify their friendship. In times to come, Dustin would likely return the favor if they ever found themselves in a bind.
###Chapter 2116 by Marina Vittori
Dustin and a few others exited the tavern after making the decision. They headed straight to the site of the murder. The location where Aldric met his demise lay just a short mile from the tavern.
With Dustin and his companions setting a brisk pace, they swiftly arrived at the scene. Surrounding the area, a sizable crowd of onlookers had gathered alongside a group of Bloodfiery Legion disciples working to clear the space.
At their helm stood a man dressed in green, his complexion pale and his gaze sharp. Despite appearing around 30 years old, he bore a broken blade on his back with an icy presence.
This man was Kendricks, ranked eighth on the Legendary List.
He was examining Aldric’s body. His expression was inscrutable, yet his eyes revealed a simmering anger.
Despite their usual lack of conversation, their bond as siblings from the same sect ran deep. With Aldric’s beheading, Kendricks, as the older brother, harbored a profound sense of resentment.
“Who’s responsible for this? Who could’ve done such a thing?” Kendricks ‘voice boomed with anger as he gathered the remains of his brother’s body.
“From what witnesses say, Aldric was in a scuffle last night. I bet that someone is likely the culprit,” one of the Bloodfiery Legion disciples reported.
“And who might that be?” Kendricks inquired, his voice tight with rage.
“Our investigation leads to a man named Dustin. He bested Marco, a Kimboku warrior, yesterday, gaining quite a reputation,” the Bloodfiery Legion disciples elaborated.
“Dustin?” Kendricks’ tone turned stern as he narrowed his eyes slightly.” Mobilize everyone. Bring him to me now. If he resists, kill him immediately.
“Yes!” The Bloodfiery Legion disciples nodded in unison.
Just as they prepared to depart, a voice rang out amidst the crowd.
“No need to search anymore. I’m already here.” Dustin calmly pushed through the crowd, maintaining an unruffled expression.
All eyes swiftly fixated on him.
“Hmm?” Kendricks turned around with hostility etched on his face. “What did you say?”
“I’m the one you seek,” Dustin responded truthfully.
“Did you kill my brother, Aldric?” Kendricks’ tone was low and ominous.
“If I denied it, would you believe me?” Dustin countered evenly.
“I only trust the dead,” Kendricks replied coldly.
With his words, the Bloodfiery Legion disciples drew their swords, poised for action. After their shared experiences, Kendricks needed only a glance to convey his orders, and they understood exactly what was expected.
“Wait!” Dalen interjected, sensing the tension escalating.
Stepping forward, he raised his voice, attempting to defuse the situation.” Let’s not rush into things here. There seems to be a misunderstanding.”
A disciple from the Bloodfiery Legion fired back, “And who are you to intervene? You think you can just waltz in and meddle with Bloodfiery Legion’s business?”
Dalen countered calmly, “Listen, there’s a principle at play. ‘Where there’s a debt, there’s a debtor.’ Dustin isn’t responsible for Aldric’s death. The true culprit lurks elsewhere, and I can vouch for that.”
Echoes of support joined his words.
“That’s right! We can vouch for him, too!” Crystal, Ruby, Miles, Laurel, and Willow stepped up alongside Dalen, their voices united.
But skepticism prevailed among the Bloodfiery Legion disciples. “Bah! You’re all working together. Aldric’s death is surely linked to your involvement!”
With tensions mounting, one of the disciples suggested, “Kendricks, shouldn’t we just catch them?”
The clamor of voices underscored the discord, highlighting the urgency of the situation.
“Capture them.”a
###Chapter 2117 by Marina Vittori
Kendricks acted swiftly as he issued a clear command. He was determined not to let Aldric’s death be in vain. So, he ordered anyone suspected to be questioned without delay.
“Get moving!”
The Bloodfiery Legion disciples obeyed without hesitation. They charged forward and caused onlookers to scatter in fear.
“Who dares?” Miles exclaimed.
He drew his sword and stepped forward with a fierce shout, “We are disciples of the Sword Union. If you Bloodfiery Legion folks dare to cause trouble, you’re challenging the entire Sword Union. Can you handle the consequences?”
With those words, the Bloodfiery Legion disciples immediately froze in their tracks. Their apprehension was evident as they looked around.
They might disregard ordinary sects, but the Sword Union held a different status. As one of the three major sects in Dragonmarsh, its power and reputation far surpassed that of the Bloodfiery Legion. Thus, they wouldn’t openly confront the Sword Union unless absolutely necessary.
“Being disciples of the Sword Union doesn’t exempt you from the consequences of killing. It’s only fair. You’re responsible for my brother’s death, and you need to answer for it,” Kendricks stated coldly. His hand inched toward the hilt of his sword as he spoke.
Despite the Sword Union’s reputation, Kendricks was not intimated. He felt a deep-seated need for justice after Aldric’s demise.
Crystal’s response was measured and somber, “The death of your brother is shrouded in mystery. If we were truly responsible, would we be so reckless as to confront you today?”
“Perhaps you’re aiming to cast yourself as the victim, hoping to absolve any blame,” Kendricks speculated.
Ruby couldn’t hold back her frustration. “Hey, can you use your brain for a second? We have no grudge against your brother, so why would we want to kill him? Who would willingly invite trouble for no reason?”
Even to a child, it was clear that this wasn’t a simple situation. Jumping to violence without understanding was just plain reckless.
Kendricks, despite his aggression, knew better than to act foolishly. His sudden silence spoke volumes.
The circumstances surrounding Aldric’s death raised eyebrows. But without concrete evidence, Dustin remained the prime suspect. Naturally, Kendricks couldn’t dismiss the matter.
“If you Bloodfiery Legion folks don’t trust us, you can investigate yourselves to see what happened last night. Finding the culprit might not be easy, but proving my innocence should be simple enough,” Dustin spoke up again.
After the duel last night, Dustin retreated to the tavern and remained there without venturing out. The tavern staff can confirm this without a doubt. Should the Bloodfiery Legion inquire, they would find consistent testimony. 1
“I don’t want to debate this with you here,” Kendricks stated with a cold edge to his voice.
He added, “Nothing simply materializes out of thin air. Given this kid is the prime suspect, I must interrogate him thoroughly.”
Dustin chuckled in response. “Let’s get this straight. I’m not here because I’m scared of you but because I won’t stand for false accusations. I’ve said my piece. Whether you believe me or not is up to you. But are you qualified to interrogate me?”
His words ignited a sudden uproar in the area. No one anticipated his audacity in addressing Kendricks so brazenly.
Kendricks was a formidable figure, acknowledged on the Legendary List, a pinnacle of strength. To challenge someone of his stature seemed akin to courting death.
“This kid’s got the nerves! Daring to provoke Kendricks? He must think he’s invincible!”
“A fresh face brings boldness! He seems oblivious to Kendricks’ might!”
“Dustin may have bested Marco, but Kendricks is on a different level!”
Onlookers marveled at Dustin’s courage.
Those on the Legendary List were once- in-a-generation prodigies, surpassing ordinary talents by leaps and bounds. Though skilled, Dustin paled in comparison to Kendricks. Their levels weren’t even comparable. Dustin’s actions were akin to throwing eggs at a rock.
###Chapter 2118 by Marina Vittori
“Hey! Are you crazy? We agreed to sort out the trouble, and now you’re only making it worse!” Ruby exploded after hearing Dustin’s words.
They had put a lot of effort into helping Dustin with his problem, but now he seemed completely indifferent. Despite everyone’s efforts, he was adamant about not giving in to Kendricks and even seemed prepared to face him directly.
Dustin’s actions left her feeling frustrated. She also realized that if Kendricks got upset, they wouldn’t stand a chance against him.
“Hey, kid! Do you have any idea who you’re talking to?” Kendricks narrowed his eyes with a hint of menace creeping into his gaze. He had expected boldness, but Dustin’s audacity caught him off guard.
“I know who you are. But I want to reiterate that Aldric’s death isn’t on me, regardless of what you think,” Dustin replied calmly, showing no signs of backing down.
“Okay, fine!” Kendricks suddenly chuckled, his smile sending shivers. 1
He glanced at Crystal and the others as he spoke. “I admire your guts, kid. For the sake of the Sword Union, I’m willing to offer you a chance. If you can take one strike from me and live, I’ll let you go. How’s that?”
Dustin was just a nobody. He wasn’t much of a concern to Kendricks, but those Sword Union disciples complicated things.
After all, Kendricks’ offer was a way out for them all, a chance to avoid things getting uglier. But if they insisted on causing trouble, he wouldn’t hold back.
“Are you sure you could finish me with just one strike?” Dustin asked.
“Confidence comes from strength. When dealing with scum like you, a single strike is all it takes,” Kendricks retorted coldly.
“Alright, let’s see what you’ve got,” Dustin smirked.
“Dustin, be careful! Kendricks is no pushover,” Dalen whispered behind him.
Miles advised, “Yeah, Dustin! Those Legendary List guys are no joke. You can’t take them lightly.’
He added, “Anyway, give it your all, and don’t hold back. Just endure that one strike.”
Dustin was facing Kendricks in a direct showdown, and his chances were slim. However, if he could withstand just one blow from Kendricks, there might be a chance to make it through.
“Don’t worry, I’ve got this,” Dustin reassured with a slight nod.
He didn’t bat an eye at Kendricks or the whole Bloodfiery Legion. Even if Kendricks ranked eighth on the Legendary List, Dustin remained unrivaled at the summit. With sheer ranking alone, he could effortlessly outmatch any challenger.
“Good luck!” Crystal’s words were brief.
Kendricks’ concession to just one strike demonstrated his respect for the Sword Union. Now, the weight of the situation rested on Dustin’s shoulders. If he could withstand Kendricks’ blow, the crisis would be averted. However, failure would cost him his life.
In the martial world, rules existed, but strength ultimately prevailed. The one with the stronger fist held sway, while those without powerful allies had no recourse to justice.
“Fine, I’ve had enough of this. Sort it out on your own!” Ruby muttered in annoyance before moving aside.
She had already given all the warnings she could. Dustin always seemed to find trouble, and there was little she could do to prevent it.
###Chapter 2119 by Marina Vittori
“Anyone who doesn’t want to end up six feet under, clear out! Don’t blame me if you get caught in the crossfire and push daisies!”
With that warning, the Bloodfiery Legion disciples cleared the area, preparing for the impending duel.
They were all too familiar with the bone -chilling might of Kendricks. His blade aura alone could claim lives.
As shouts erupted, the spectators scattered. Only Dustin and Kendricks stood within 300 feet apart, facing each other.
One stood proudly as the eighth- ranked legend, a powerhouse in his own right. The other had recently defeated Marco, a rising star in their domain.
Excitement surged as news of the impending duel spread. It even attracted numerous martial artists eager to witness the outcome firsthand.
“Everyone, what’s your take on Dustin’s chances against Kendricks’s blade?”
“I’m not so sure! Kendricks is eighth on the Legendary List. He’s formidable. If he’s daring enough to issue the challenge, he must be confident in his victory!”
“You’re right! I remember seeing Kendricks wield his sword once, and let me tell you, it was mind-blowing. Dustin doesn’t stand a chance.”
“I’m not so sure. I saw Dustin defeat Marco yesterday, and he’s surprisingly strong.”
“Dustin doesn’t stand a chance against Kendricks. I mean, come on, they’re not even in the same league! Kendricks’s spot on the Legendary List speaks volumes. Dustin? He’s nowhere near that level!”
Excitement filled the air as the spectators chattered eagerly, anticipating the fight. Many were confident in Kendricks’ victory, while a few still held onto hope for Dustin’s resilience against his opponent’s skillful blade.
“What are you waiting for? Draw your sword.”
Dustin stood with his hands behind his back, calmly observing Kendricks before him. His expression remained steady, unwavering.
Kendricks scanned Dustin, noting the absence of a weapon, and asked, ” Planning to face my blade empty- handed?”
Dustin shrugged. “Why not?”
His casual response made Kendricks frown, his demeanor turning icy. “Kid, are you trying to provoke me? I’ll make sure you regret it!”
“Enough talk, let’s get on with it. I’ve got things to do and no time to waste on you,” Dustin urged.
Once again, his daring words ignited the crowd’s enthusiasm.
They thought that Dustin didn’t know his limit. Despite facing someone as formidable as Kendricks, he boldly stepped forward, oblivious to the danger ahead.
Kendricks chuckled with anger, his voice dripping with sarcasm. “Kid, you’re quite cocky, aren’t you? But mark my words. Soon, you’ll learn the cost of such arrogance.”
With a deliberate motion, he withdrew the weapon strapped to his back. It was a simple black blade, its edges worn and chipped, hardly more than an inch long, resembling an ordinary dagger.
However, appearances were deceiving, for this unremarkable blade had been his faithful companion, guiding him to countless victories without ever knowing defeat.
“Keep your eyes peeled! This blow is going to be the end of you!” Kendricks tightened his grip on the hilt with one hand while steadying the blade with the other.
After a brief pause, he lunged forward with lightning speed. “City Crusher!”
As he charged forward, he paused briefly to draw a deep breath. With a mighty swing, his black blade sliced through the air with ferocity.
Instantly, a menacing crescent-shaped blade aura burst forth, pulsating with a destructive energy capable of annihilating everything in its path.
It surged relentlessly toward Dustin, spanning over 30 feet long. This towering force resembled an unstoppable giant’s blade, poised to cleave through anything in its path.
###Chapter 2120 by Marina Vittori
Wherever the blade aura passed through, the ground shook as if the air was distorted. A huge pressure began to envelope the entire place.
The onlookers could feel the pressure on them. It was as if a huge stone had landed on their shoulders. Those who were weak even had trouble breathing, their legs trembling.
“What a powerful slash! Was that the power of a person ranked eighth on the Legendary List? That was eye-opening! 11
“That slash was astounding! No one could possibly take that! Dustin’s in big trouble!”
“Poor guy. He shouldn’t have offended Kendricks. He’s so dead.”
Everyone was overwhelmed by Kendricks’ slash.
They could feel the sharpness of the blade aura as well as its tremendous power just by the look of it. Many of them thought that Dustin was as good as dead.
“Dustin! Show them what you got! You must withstand that pressure!” Dalen gripped his lighter tightly, tensing up.
He knew Dustin had high potential, but this was Kendricks, ranked eighth on the Legendary List, they were talking about.
Even a genius was no match for such a monstrous opponent.
No one dared to say that they could withstand Kendricks’ blade.
Even Quincy Douglas, a powerful grandmaster martial artist and the guardian of Celestial Alliance, was no match for Kendricks, either.
“Not bad,” said Dustin as he stared at the blade aura heading toward him. Then, he reached out and clenched his fist in the air.
Ruby’s sword, which was about a mile away, came from its sheath and flew right into Dustin’s hand.
“Huh?” Ruby was startled as she looked at the sheath in her hand.
“Lend it to me for a while,” Dustin said.
He swung the sword, and a crescent- shaped white sword aura was released. It headed straight to Kendricks’ black blade aura in a flash.
The sword aura was a radiant shade of white, in stark contrast to the ominous black blade aura.
Based on their appearances, Kendricks’ blade aura seemed greater and stronger. Dustin’s sword aura might be smaller, but it seemed more impenetrable.
The two auras collided violently against each other and let out a loud bang. It was so loud that it shook the ground.
The collision created a tempestuous shock wave, releasing an explosive surge. The overwhelming surge was unstoppable, like a hurricane. Wherever it passed, it blasted sand and rocks, creating dust haze everywhere.
All obstacles were bulldozed. The trees and flowers on the street were all broken into half, one after another. Even the stone bricks paved on the ground were overturned.
The onlookers, who were about a mile away, could feel the strong wind gusting toward them.
The gust was so strong that it pushed them back forcefully. They could barely open their eyes, even when they were covering their faces with their hands.
A few unlucky onlookers were hit by stones. They looked pathetic and miserable.
“What a terrifying aura wave! Luckily, we’re far away, or else we might end up crippled or even dead!”
“That’s crazy! I almost got killed by the gust of a battle!”
“Can anyone see what’s going on in there? Did Dustin block Kendricks’s blade aura or not?”
The crowd was discussing frantically, squinting to look.
###Chapter 2121 by Marina Vittori
The onlookers were astonished by the powerful surge, but they also wondered if Kendricks had successfully taken Dustin down with just one slash.
After all, Kendricks was ranked eighth on the Legendary List. He was capable of breaking a mountain with a single slash.
It was almost impossible to withstand his slash.
“Crystal, can you see? How is it? Is Dustin dead?”
Ruby tried to take a peek at the battleground while blocking the wind with her hand. Her stomach was in knots.
Although she and Dustin were at odds, it didn’t mean that she hated him or wanted him dead.
“I can’t see clearly. Let’s wait a little longer.”
Crystal stared into the distance, trying to see what was happening in the dust haze.
The crash of the auras was so strong that it caused a massive dust haze within a mile radius. No one could see clearly.
A moment later, the dust haze lifted. Everything was back to normal again. The figures on the battleground were visible to the audience again.
Kendricks, who stood there silently with his black blade in his hand, seemed gloomy and solemn. Yet, he still had that intimidating aura on him.
On the other hand, Dustin stood calmly and casually. There was not a single dust on him, let alone visible wounds. The onlookers turned silent for a while before bursting into an uproar.
“Damn! Did Dustin actually block Kendricks’ blade aura? Seriously?”
“Am I seeing it right? That guy is standing there alive and without a scratch!”
“Awesome! That guy defeated Kendricks’ one-hit kill. He’s a legend!”
Who would have thought Dustin would remain unharmed under Kendricks’ ferocious attack?
Many of them had thought Dustin was as good as dead when he agreed to battle Kendricks.
Some had assumed that Dustin would survive but with severe injuries. However, never in a million years did they expect him to be alive and unharmed!
Everyone was shocked by the outcome.
Dustin had successfully withstood Kendricks’ lethal attack without any harm.
How outrageous!
“Your skill isn’t half-bad. Way better than your brother’s,” Dustin said calmly.
“You’re not half bad yourself. Not many people can withstand my slash without harm,” Kendricks said coldly as he glanced at him.
Compared to his previous disdain and arrogance, Kendricks was taking Dustin more seriously now.
He had intended to avenge his brother, so he had used almost 80% of his power on that slash. He thought it was enough to kill Dustin, but Dustin managed to block it.
Apparently, Dustin was no weaker than him.
“According to our deal, I’ve won. I hope you’ll keep your promise,” Dustin said coolly.
“I’m a man of my word. Since you’ve taken my hit, I’ll let you go this time, but…”
Kendricks suddenly shouted, “My brother shall not die in vain! If I find out that you’re the real murderer, the disciples of Bloodfiery Legion shall hunt you down!”
He promised not to kill Dustin, but it didn’t mean that the Bloodfiery Legion wouldn’t seek revenge for the murderer.
“Again, I’ve nothing to do with your brother’s death. If Bloodfiery Legion insists on holding me accountable for it, I won’t hold back,” Dustin replied coldly.
He didn’t want any trouble, but it didn’t mean he was afraid to handle it.
It would be great if they could solve this peacefully. But if that was impossible, he would have no choice but to resort to violence.
“I’ll look into this matter thoroughly. We shall find out whether you’re the murderer or not sooner or later,” said Kendricks before he turned and left.
Although he was still unsure who was the murderer, he had ruled Dustin out.
He had a hunch that Dustin was not the murderer.
###Chapter 2122 by Marina Vittori
Kendricks left with the disciples of Bloodfiery Legion.
Everything was back to normal, at least for now. Once again, Dustin’s unexpected performance became the center of attention.
He had gained some reputation for defeating Marco Alessandro. Now, his reputation grew stronger after he withstood Kendricks’s slash without harm.
Dustin had earned a place in Sacred Wrym Summit, where all the strongest warriors were gathered, with only two battles.
“Thanks for the sword.” Dustin turned and raised his hand with the sword. The sword flew out of his hand and returned to Ruby’s sheath.
Everyone was amazed.
“Dustin! Congratulations!” Miles walked toward Dustin with a smile. ” That was a beautiful strike! To think you could block Kendricks’ blade aura with a sword aura! Fancy that!”
Miles might sound a bit flattering, but he meant what he said. No ordinary warrior could take Kendricks’ attack head-on.1
“Hmph! Good thing my sword is still intact.” Ruby raised her chin as she acknowledged Dustin’s skill for the first time.
She thought Dustin was gone for good when Kendricks released the blade aura. Imagine her surprise when he could block that slash with just a sword. He was amazing!
“Dustin, you’re sure full of surprises! That was eye-opening.” Dalen smiled so beautifully that he looked even more alluring than usual.
Dustin’s spectacular performance had proven that he had an eye for extraordinary warriors. And he was right about Dustin!
“Thanks to Ms. Wesley’s sword, or I might not be able to take that slash,” Dustin said humbly.
In fact, he could take Kendricks’ attack with his bare hands, but that would be too terrifying to the audience, so he borrowed Ruby’s sword to cover his skills.
Since the Combat Tournament had not begun, there might still be some powerful warriors hiding somewhere.
Extensive attention might attract unnecessary trouble. Hence, he preferred to lay low, if possible.
“You’re right about that!” Ruby raised her head and said proudly, “In fact, my sword’s made of grimsteel. It’s way more solid than Kendricks’ tattered blade. You’re alive because you borrowed my sword!”
Kendricks used an ordinary blade, whereas Dustin used a sword made of grimsteel. Thus, Dustin did have a better advantage in terms of weapons.
“Face it, Ruby. We all know Mr. Rhys is alive because of his excellent skills, not your sword,” Crystal chimed in, bursting her bubble without mercy.
Then, she said to Dustin, “Mr. Rhys, even though you’ve resolved the crisis, I’m afraid we haven’t seen the last of the Bloodfiery Legion yet. Someone might frame you so that you and the Bloodfiery Legion will fight each other to the death!”
“I’m well aware of that. Though I’m not afraid of Bloodfiery Legion, I’m not taking the blame for something I didn’t do. If someone tends to frame me, I won’t sit back and wait for it.”
Dustin then threw a meaningful glance at Laurel and Willow.
The two understood his order immediately. They nodded and left.
With Grace’s power and intelligence, she must know what had happened around Sacred Wrym Summit.
Dustin believed he would find out what was going on in no time.
“Dalen! Help, Dalen! Something terrible happened!”
###Chapter 2123 by Marina Vittori
A stout man ran to them hurriedly. He was Terra Shade, the head of the Evil Quintet of Shadow Citadel.
Terra appeared disheveled and was covered in wounds, looking rather pathetic compared to his previous dignified appearance.
“Terra? What happened to you?” Dalen looked at him from head to toe and frowned. He had a bad feeling about this.
“Dalen, you must avenge us! My brothers and sisters… the four of them were all murdered!” Terra fell to his knees with a thud and started bawling like a baby.
It was a heartbreaking sight.
“Murdered?” Dalen furrowed his brows and asked, “What happened? Why were they murdered? Have they offended someone powerful?”
The Evil Quintet of Shadow Citadel was well known in the martial world. Each of them had their own unique skills.
If the five of them worked together, ordinary grandmaster martial artists might not be able to take them down.
Apparently, the murderer was not any ordinary warrior since the four of them were killed and Terra was severely injured.
“Dalen! We have followed your orders since we entered Sacred Wrym Summit. We behaved ourselves and didn’t cause any trouble! I don’t know why someone would want to kill us!” Terra cried.
They might be domineering, but they were aware that Sacred Wrym Summit was no place to run wild. Thus, they had been keeping their noses clean.
Never in a million years did he expect a swordman would kill his brothers and sister while they were drinking the previous night.
He managed to escape because he used his invisible breath technique to feign death.
“Who’s the murderer? Where’s he from?” asked Dalen in a low tone. Although Evil Quintet was infamous, they were still the disciples of Shadow Citadel. As the successor to Shadow Citadel, Dalen certainly could not sit this one out.
“I’ve no idea who it is. The murderer was dressed in black and wore a mask. He had a three-foot-long sword. He started killing the moment we saw him. He didn’t even say a word!”
Terra couldn’t help but shiver. Then he said with a horrified expression, “His movement was fast. I’ve never seen anyone swing a sword as fast as him.
“My brothers and sisters were all dismembered in just the blink of an eye! If I hadn’t faked my death, I might be dead by now!”
“A person dressed in black and with a mask? Instant kill with a sword?”
Dalen realized something. He turned to Dustin and asked, “Dustin, doesn’t that remind you of someone?”
“Are you saying… the one who murdered the disciples of Shadow Citadel is the same person who murdered Aldric Lang?” Dustin got what he meant.
“We don’t know for sure, but that’s probably the case!” Dalen nodded.
Both mysterious murderers used a sword and were equally skillful. On top of that, both incidents had happened the previous night when it was raining.
It could not be a coincidence. The murderer was most probably the same person.
“If that’s the case, we’ve got some serious problems on hand.”
Dustin narrowed his eyes as he said, “If the murderer is seeking revenge, that would be understandable. But if he has other agendas, I’m afraid he would continue to kill.”
He sensed something was brewing since his duel with Marco the previous day.
“Exceptional warriors murdered before the Combat Tournament of Sacred Wrym Summit… Something smells fishy.”
Dalen ordered with a serious expression, “Terra, gather our people and start investigating. Find out who the killer is, then report to me at once!”
“Yes, sir!” Terra said and left hurriedly. Something was definitely brewing.
###Chapter 2124 by Marina Vittori
It was dusk, and in a private room of Poise Brothel, Dustin and the others gathered to listen to Terra’s report.
Although the murderer was still at large, Terra had found out something through his investigation.
“Dalen, based on our Shadow Citadel’s intelligence report, I’ve found something out,” Terra began.
He continued, “Someone saw the killer last night. According to the witness, the killer was skinny, and his face was hideous. There’s also a black mark on his forehead.
“I’ve hired an artist to draw a portrait of the killer based on the witness’s description. Here it is.”
Terra took a portrait out from his pocket and handed it to Dalen carefully.
Dalen looked at the portrait and frowned.
The person in the portrait was indeed hideous, skinny, and bony. There was a palm-sized black mark on his left forehead, which looked like snake skin.
His creepy appearance was hard to ignore, let alone forget.
“You sure this is the murderer?” Dalen asked, puzzled. He knew almost all the swordsmen in the martial world. Yet, he had never seen nor heard of such a person before. The man just came out of nowhere.
“I’m quite sure.” Terra nodded and said, “I took a glimpse at the murderer. Although I couldn’t see his face under the mask, I did see the black mark on his forehead. It matches the witness’s description.”
“Dustin, Ms. Wesley, have any of you seen this man before?”
Dalen placed the portrait on the table so everyone could take a good look.
“I’ll never forget such an ugly face if I’ve seen one,” Ruby said.
“I don’t think I’ve seen this person before.” Crystal shook her head.
Crystal had a good memory, so she would recognize him immediately if she had seen the man.
“Something’s weird about this guy… but where?”
Miles stared at the portrait while rubbing his chin, trying to figure out what was wrong.
“If the artist drew the details correctly, this man is either a genius or a lunatic!”
Dustin pointed at the portrait and said seriously, “Look, his shoulder is higher than the other. His left hand is longer than his right. He’s a bit hunched too.
It seems like he was born with defects.
“Despite that, he managed to master sword technique and even killed warriors of grandmaster level. It takes more than just determination to achieve that!”
“Oh, yeah! That’s it! I knew something was wrong with this guy. He has uneven hands!” Miles finally realized.
“Born with defects?”
Everyone exchanged glances. Their expressions became more serious.
There were three kinds of martial artists in the world.
First were the geniuses, who could master any technique within a short period of time. Second were ordinary people, who could master a technique after a long training. And the third, the untalented crowd, who could barely complete the training, let alone mastering a technique.
As long as the martial arts geniuses kept on training, they would eventually become masters.
Ordinary martial artists could achieve martial arts geniuses’ standards only if they trained a hundred times harder than the geniuses.
As for the untalented crowd, like the one shown in the portrait…
Technically, they were not capable of practicing swordsmanship.
###Chapter 2125 by Marina Vittori
Even if these untalented people insisted on practicing swordsmanship, there would be huge obstacles along the way.
Yet, they had found an exception.
Despite his deformity, this man’s sword technique had surpassed many martial arts geniuses.
How unbelievable!
This man was out of the ordinary. There might be thousands of martial arts geniuses in the world, but there was only one untalented martial artist who overshadowed the geniuses!
No one could imagine what the man had gone through in order to achieve his current state.
“Looks like we have a tough fight ahead.”
Dalen took a sip of tea. Then, he glanced at Terra and asked, “Anything else besides the killer’s portrait?”
“Yes, according to our investigation, the killer killed seven people last night!
Terra’s words surprised everyone.
“Seven? Who were they?” Dalen raised his brows.
“Aside from Aldric Lang of Bloodfiery Legion and four of Evil Quintet, Spearhawk Vincent of Celestial Alliance was murdered too,” reported Terra.
“What? Vincent is dead?” Ruby was so shocked that she jumped out of the chair.
She always wanted to meet Vincent, who was said to be a noble, honest, and extremely talented young man.
But it was too late now. She never thought he would be murdered before she could meet him.
Ruby couldn’t believe that this was happening.
“Messing with Bloodfiery Legion, Shadow Citadel, and Celestial Alliance in one night? This killer’s sure got a lot of nerves!” Miles sighed.
Vincent was the rising star of the Celestial Alliance. Now that he was murdered, the Celestial Alliance wouldn’t let go of the murderer that easily.
“Why did this man mess with so many major sects at one time? He’s risking his own life.” Crystal frowned, puzzled.
The victims were from different places and different sects. They didn’t seem connected.
Theoretically speaking, the killer was not seeking revenge.
If so, what could he possibly gain from all this?
“There’s only six victims, including Vincent. Who’s the last one?” Dalen suddenly asked.
“The last one was Simpson Danton of Sacred Wrym Summit, Kaden Foyer’s best student.” Terra sounded extremely serious.
“Damn!” cursed Miles. “Did I hear it right? That guy didn’t just kill a member of Sacred Wrym Summit. He killed Kaden Foyer’s best student?”
After Arion Foyer took over Sacred Wrym Summit, no one dared to mess with it, let alone kill a senior disciple!
This killer, who suddenly came out of nowhere, had beard the lion in his den!
“Who exactly is this guy? How dare he mess with Sacred Wrym Summit!”
Ruby was outraged.
“I think this is no longer our concern. Sacred Wrym Summit would surely hunt the murderer down. No matter how skillful the murderer is, he’s destined to die in the hands of Sacred Wrym Summit,” said Crystal coolly.
No one in the martial world dared to challenge Sacred Wrym Summit. This man was as good as dead.
“Agree. However, the murderer might continue to kill before Sacred Wrym Summit catches him.”
“Seven people died. All of them were excellent disciples of major sects,” Dustin said, narrowing his eyes.
“If I’m guessing correctly, this murderer is trying to get rid of all the martial arts geniuses in Dragonmarsh. And this Combat Tournament is his hunting ground!”
###Chapter 2126 by Marina Vittori
“What?” When they heard Dustin’s analysis, they found it hard to believe.
The idea that someone wanted to kill all of Dragonmarsh’s martial artists, regardless if the person could succeed, was scary enough. Only a maniac would think of something like that.
Crazy people like them were the most fearsome.
“Terra, did all of those people that were killed sign up for the Combat Tournament?” Dalen couldn’t help asking.
Terra nodded. “That’s right. Although they come from all sorts of sects, they had a common goal. All of them wanted to show their prowess at the Combat Tournament.”
Aldric, Vincent, Simpson, and even Shadow Citadel’s Evil Quintet, had signed up for the tournament. They planned to show off their skills at Sacred Wrym Summit.
However, their young life had ended before the tournament began.
“If that’s the case, Dustin’s speculation should be right.”
Dalen stood up and circled the table while beating his folding fan on his palm. Then, he said thoughtfully, “Any martial artist who had registered and possessed considerable talent will become the assassins’ target, including us. Thus, we have to think of a way to get rid of the threat!”
“I’m sorry to interrupt, but I didn’t sign up.” Dustin suddenly raised his hand.
“Huh?” Upon hearing that, Dalen froze and replied in shock, “Dustin, didn’t you know that tomorrow is the last day to sign up? Why haven’t you signed up yet?”
“I’ve been too busy the past two days. I forgot.” Dustin shrugged.
Initially, he planned to register after he found somewhere to settle. However, he stumbled onto multiple things that caused him to delay obtaining a spot in the competition.
“Uh…” Dalen was at a loss for words.
Every contestant took an event like this very seriously. Thus, all of them had gotten prepared early.
However, Dustin didn’t even seem to care. Not only did he not prepare early, but he even forgot to register.
Thus, Dalen didn’t know what to say.
“It’s okay. It isn’t a problem. You can continue.” Dustin raised his chin, gesturing for Dalen to continue.
The edge of Dalen’s lips twitched. His expression turned resentful before replying, “All of us have become the murderer’s target. Plus, we aren’t sure if the killer is killing people randomly or if he has some sort of list.
“So, we should attack instead of waiting for the murderer. We should gather all our strength and wipe out the killer once and for all!
“The best defense is offense. In a situation where we don’t even know who our enemy is, it’ll be easy for them to pick us off one by one if we choose to defend ourselves.
“Why don’t we change our approach and bring the killer out in the open? It’ll be easy for us to deal with him this way.
“If one-on-one combat doesn’t work, we should just attack him altogether! There are so many experts around Sacred Wrym Summit. It’ll be easier for us to deal with one person.”
“Mr. Shade, do you already have a plan? “Crystal asked.
Dalen lowered his voice and replied, “I do. We should lure him out! Since the killer’s target is all of the young and talented martial artists, we should bait him and let him come to us!”
“Dalen, can you be more specific? I don’t think I understand.” Crystal scratched her head confusedly.
“Firstly, we’ll choose a capable martial artist from among the competitors to act as bait. Then, we’ll spread the word and build up his reputation. That way, we can attract the killer’s attention as much as possible.
“We can set up a place suitable for him to kill while all of us hide nearby and wait. Once the killer appears, we can take him down!” Dalen explained, clenching his fists.
“Good idea!” Miles slammed the table and laughed. “Mr. Shade, you’re so smart to have thought of such a brilliant plan! How impressive!”
###Chapter 2127 by Marina Vittori
“I don’t dare say it’s a brilliant idea, but it’s simple and effective. If we can grab the opportunity, it shouldn’t be difficult to catch the killer.” Dalen said with a smile.
“Mr. Shade, your idea isn’t bad. One question, though. Who’s going to be the bait?” Crystal quickly grasped the main problem.
The most difficult part was to choose who to be the bait.
The person must be a contestant and extremely skilled, daring to take the risk. This way, the bait could come out unscathed when faced with the killer’s attack.
Otherwise, they might lose the bait and let the killer escape.
“Well…” Dalen shook the folding fan and looked toward Dustin meaningfully.
Although he didn’t speak, it was obvious who he chose.
Crystal suddenly patted Dustin’s shoulder and announced, “There’s no need to choose. I think Dustin is a good fit! He can even block Kendricks’ attack. I’m sure he’ll be safe when faced with the killer’s attack!”
“That’s right! If Dustin agrees to take part, I’m sure he can get rid of the killer without our ambush!” Miles nodded with a smile.
Without anyone noticing, Miles had flattered Dustin again.
Dustin raised his eyebrows and rebuked, “Me? I’m not trying to reject, but the killer’s target is the contestants. I haven’t even signed up, so I’m not his target.”
Crystal grabbed his arm and replied hurriedly, “It’ll just take a few minutes to register. Let’s go! There’s still time, and the sun hasn’t set yet. Let’s go and register!”
“Is there a need to be in such a rush?” Dustin was quite speechless.
“It’ll be a shame if we miss this opportunity. After tonight, it’s unsure how many young and talented martial artists might die. You’re now a hero respected by many, so you should shoulder this responsibility!” Crystal advised.
“Wait a minute! I’m no hero. Plus, heroes usually are short-lived. What if I got killed on this mission?” Dustin answered.
“You don’t need to worry. We’ll definitely protect you, so just relax and go!” Crystal patted her chest, trying to get Dustin to rely on her.
A weird look appeared on Dustin’s face. He wondered how they were going to protect him if they couldn’t even protect themselves. They were basically talking nonsense.
“Dustin, we’re not going to force you if you’re not willing to. However, we should all work together to overcome this difficulty in such a situation.”
Dalen was serious.
Among all of them, Dustin was the most suitable.
Plus, Dustin had gotten rather famous after the battle with Marco and Kendrick. With just a little embellishment, he could easily attract the killer’s attention and successfully carry out the bait plan.
Of course, Dalen understood if Dustin thought it was risky and refused. After all, nobody would be willing to bet on their lives.
“I can be a bait. However, I have a condition,” Dustin suddenly said after thinking it over.
“Do tell us. I won’t refuse as long as I can fulfill it,” Dalen declared resolutely.
“It’s simple. Let me handle the killer once we capture him. I’m quite interested in him.” Dustin’s face was solemn.
“No problem. As long as he doesn’t threaten the martial world anymore, you can deal with him as you want!” Dalen agreed.
Everyone glanced at each other and nodded.
They didn’t care who was the killer as long as they could get rid of him.
###Chapter 2128 by Marina Vittori
A moment later, a bunch of martial artists dressed in various styles were lining up to register at the registration booth of Sacred Wrym Summit’s Combat Tournament. Dustin was also among them.
After they confirmed their plan, Dustin was led by Dalen and the others to the registration booth.
Although the sun was going to set soon, there were still many people there to sign up.
However, the Combat Tournament had specific requirements this time. One had to pass a trial to sign up.
The test was simple. One must demonstrate the ability to lift a cauldron.
Sacred Wrym Summit prepared three bronze cauldrons weighing ten thousand pounds, 50 thousand pounds, and 100 thousand pounds.
One would be qualified if they could raise a ten thousand pound cauldron and would be assigned to Group C. If they won after competing with their peers, they could advance to Group B.
Those who could raise a 50 thousand pound cauldron would be considered outstanding, directly advancing to Group B. After winning against their peers, they could advance to Group A.
As for those who could raise a 100 thousand pound cauldron, they were considered top seeds and could directly advance to Group A.
Those from Group A wouldn’t need to take part in Group B and C’s battle.
Once the winners from Group B and C were selected, they would qualify to compete against Group A’s contestants.
In simple terms, the heavier the cauldron one lifted, the higher the rating and the greater the advantage. This allowed contestants to save a lot of physical and mental energy, avoiding meaningless battles.
“Contestant 843 has failed. Next!”
On the square, a medium-sized man gripped the bronze cauldron with both hands. He gritted his teeth, and his face flushed red. Although he mustered all his strength, he failed to lift the ten thousand pound cauldron.
In the end, the referee announced his failure. A ten thousand-pound cauldron could set the difference between a Divine- level martial artist and a Low-level martial artist.
Setting aside those martial artists who were born talented, a Low-level martial artist could only lift a few pounds at most.
In other words, only a Divine-level martial artist could lift a ten thousand- pound cauldron. This threshold directly eliminated those who wanted to give it a try.
If one couldn’t even lift a ten thousand- pound cauldron, they weren’t eligible to compete in a competition filled with talented and skilled martial artists.
“Go away! Let me have a go!” A burly man pushed aside the sighing Contestant 843 and bravely stepped forward.
The burly man wore a blank tank top and had a rugged appearance. His muscles bulged prominently, indicating he was a powerful man.
Firstly, the burly man circled the ten thousand-pound cauldron twice. Then, he grabbed the two sides of the cauldron and lifted it. The heavy bronze cauldron was directly lifted up, dangling several feet above the ground.
“Simply lifting it isn’t enough. You need to raise it over your head!” someone reminded beside him.
“It’s so light! How could it possibly be a challenge for me?” The burly man smiled confidently and lifted the cauldron once more.
“Up you go!” he shouted.
Without pausing, the burly man directly raised the cauldron over his head.
The burly man circled the ground a few times to show off his strength. Many people cheered after seeing how easy it was for him.
“Amazing! You can lift a ten thousand- pound cauldron so easily!”
“He doesn’t seem to be using all his energy, too. He’s quite something.”
“What’s the use of raising a ten thousand-pound cauldron? He just barely passed the test. He should try and lift the 50 thousand-pound cauldron if he’s that capable!”
The contestants lining up to register began to murmur. Their expression varied as some praised him while some looked down on him.
“Contestant 844 has successfully passed the test! Here’s your advancement token. Please take good care of it.”
The examiner handed over a wooden token expressionlessly. The front of it was carved with Sacred Wrym Summit symbol, while the back was his new contestant number.
Instead of taking over the wooden advancement token, the burly man exclaimed, “Wait for a moment! A ten thousand-pound cauldron is too light for me. I want to try this 50 thousand- pound cauldron!”
His words caused even more discussion around him.
“50 thousand pounds? Can he really do it?”
“He might just pull it off judging by his robust physique and how confident he is.”
###Chapter 2129 by Marina Vittori
“It’s not easy to lift a 50 thousand- pound cauldron. Thousands of people register daily, but only a few can lift it!”
The burly man’s words caused many to doubt him. A 10 thousand-pound cauldron was way different from a 50 thousand- pound cauldron.
A lot of people could easily lift a 10 thousand-pound cauldron. However, they couldn’t even lift a 50 thousand- pound cauldron at all. Plus, one had to lift it over their head to succeed. It was obvious how difficult it was.
“You should consider it carefully. It’s not easy to lift a 50 thousand-pound cauldron,” the judge reminded.
“I’ve trained hard for a decade just for today. I’m determined to lift this 50 thousand-pound cauldron! You guys just need to watch me perform!” the burly man said confidently before walking over to the second cauldron.
The second cauldron was twice the size of the first cauldron. It was almost 10 feet tall.
One felt helpless just looking at it.
The burly man walked over to the 50 thousand-pound cauldron. After inspecting it for a while, he reached out and grabbed the base of the cauldron.
“Up you go!” the burly man shouted. Instantly, his muscles tensed as he exerted all his strength to lift the cauldron.
Surprisingly, he managed to lift the cauldron off the ground.
“What the heck! He actually lifted it.” Everyone’s expression turned to one of shock after they saw that.
However, in the next moment, the bronze cauldron suddenly dropped to the ground after being lifted a little.
The burly man’s first attempt had failed.
“What a shame. He almost managed to lift it.”
“He overestimated himself. I already told him he couldn’t do it, but he still insisted on challenging it.”
“No matter what, he’s still amazing to lift it a little.”
The contestants commented. Some of them felt pleased, while some pitied him.
The burly man heaved heavily. As he used too much energy, his eyes were a little bloodshot. Although he only managed to lift the cauldron by a little, he had already exerted much of his energy. It was indeed a challenge for one to be able to lift a 50 thousand-pound cauldron.
“Contestant 844 has failed to lift the 50 thousand-pound cauldron,” the judge announced expressionlessly.
In the past few days, many martial artists who successfully lifted the 10 thousand-pound cauldron tried to lift the 50 thousand-pound cauldron. However, most of them failed.
Thus, the burly man was considered quite impressive to be able to lift it a little.
“Wait for a moment! Let me challenge it for one more time! I can definitely succeed this time.” The burly man was unwilling to give up.
He had already managed to lift it. If he could give it his all and take a bet, he might have a chance to pass the test.
“That’s enough. You can’t lift the 50 thousand-pound cauldron.” The judge shook his head.
“I refuse to accept this! I want to try again!” The burly man directly stepped forward without waiting for the judge’s reply.
The man spat onto his palms and grabbed the large bronze cauldron’s base. He adopted a horse stance and channeled all his strength to his arms.
Instantly, the man’s arms swelled. His muscles bulged while his veins popped.
“Up you go!” The burly man gritted his teeth. His face was red as he lifted it with both of his hands.
The bronze cauldron vibrated twice before slowly rising from the ground.
In the end, the burly man was at his limit when the cauldron ascended 6 feet up. His feet trembled and his eyes became bloodshot.
Two seconds later, the burly man was unable to bear the weight any longer. He spat a mouthful of blood and dropped to the ground, unconscious.
###Chapter 2130 by Marina Vittori
The burly man collapsed to the ground. As he had gone beyond his limits, his blood vessels burst. After spitting out a large amount of blood, he fell deeply unconscious.
His muscles were torn and his eyes were red. His internal meridians were also heavily injured. It was a problem for him to get out of bed for the past few days, let alone competing.
“See! I said he couldn’t do it, yet he still wanted to show off. Look what happened!”
“Indeed, not anyone can challenge the 50 thousand-pound cauldron.”
“He already passed the test just now. Now he’s done it. He pushed himself too hard and even vomited blood. He truly overestimated himself!”
Seeing the burly man dropping to the ground, the crowd burst into discussion.
Some were laughing at him, while others pitied him.
It was already impressive for him to be able to raise a 10 thousand-pound cauldron. As for the 50 thousand- pound cauldron, only those with extraordinary abilities could lift it.
After all, it was two different things for one to be able to lift the cauldron up and for one to raise it over their heads.
It was easier for one to lift it. As for raising it over their heads, it would need way more energy.
For example, one could only raise a 50 thousand-pound cauldron if they were able to lift a 60 to 70 thousand-pound cauldron.
“Bring him away for treatment.” The judge shook his head helplessly. Then, he ordered two staff to bring the burly man away.
Although it was not life-threatening that his meridians burst and he vomited, he was basically out of the competition. He didn’t even have the chance to show his face on the stage.
This was the consequence of being self- righteous and not listening to other’s advice.
Only Divine-level martial artists or fully developed divine-level martial artists had the right to challenge a 50 thousand-pound cauldron.
“Next, Contestant 845,” the judge shouted expressionlessly, continuing the next test.
He was used to seeing contestants getting hurt.
At this moment, Dustin was lining up in the crowd.
He was Contestant 850, and there were still five contestants before him.
“Hello. I think I never see you around before, so I’m wondering which sect are you from?” In front of Dustin, a woman dressed in white suddenly turned around.
The woman was tall and lean. She was beautiful, and her smile was bright and exuded warmth.
“I’m a lone martial artist, not belonging to any sect,” Dustin replied politely.
“It must be tough for you to learn independently since you’re not from any sect.” The woman in white smiled while reaching out her hand. “Hello. My name is M-e-l-i-s-s-a Y-o-n-d-e -1-s. Melissa Yondels. I’m from Baleron’s Boulderthorn.”
“Hello. My name is Dustin Rhys.” Dustin nodded with a smile.
“Nice to meet you, Dustin.” Melissa smiled even warmer. “After you sign up, I’m wondering if you would have the time to have a meal and exchange some martial arts insights?”
“Huh?” Dustin was stunned.
He didn’t expect her to be so straightforward.
###Chapter 2131 by Marina Vittori
Dustin had already altered his looks so that he didn’t stand out so much. Thus, it was weird that a beautiful woman would hit on him.
“Melissa, the martial world is filled with dangers. Don’t simply talk to strangers. There’s a lot of hypocritical people in this world nowadays.”
At this moment, the two young men before Melissa turned around.
One was dressed in green, while the other wore yellow. The man in green was tall and muscular, giving off an impressive aura.
The man in yellow was short and had a gaunt face. One would think he was malnourished.
“Krel, Jimmy, this is Dustin Rhys. He’s also here to take part in the Combat Tournament,” Melissa quickly introduced.
“So many people signed up for the competition, but not all can pass the test. Some are destined to be also-rans and watch from the crowd,” the man in green, Krel Webb, replied indifferently.
There was a hint of indifference when he glanced at Dustin.
“Krel is right. Only a few out of many here can pass the test. Someone who doesn’t belong to a sect isn’t even qualified to compete. He’s just here for the fun of it. How could Boulderthorn’s elites like us associate with normal people like him?” The man in yellow, Jimmy Olsen, looked arrogant.
Boulderthorn was one of the top sects in Balerno.
Thus, they were all elites handpicked to represent Boulderthorn in taking part in the competition.
Naturally, they wouldn’t pay normal martial artists any heed.
“You can’t put it this way. It’s all about participation. It’s a lucky opportunity to be able to witness talents from all walks of life. There’s no need to be so hung up on winning or losing,” Melissa rebuked.
“Melissa, you’re wrong. As a man, we need to make a name for ourselves and dominate the world. That way, we can make the most of our lives. Thus, Boulderthorn needs to win in the Combat Tournament. I’ll also use this chance and make a name for myself!” Krel exclaimed while puffing his chest.
“Krel is indeed a genius of his generation. He’ll definitely become famous throughout the world for his participation in this event!” Jimmy added.
“Melissa, you shouldn’t get yourself associated with the wrong people. You’re an elite disciple of Boulderthorn, and you have a bright future ahead of you. Thus, you shouldn’t get involved with nobodies.”
While saying that, Krel even glanced at Dustin meaningfully.
“Krel, how can you say that? All of us are just human beings in the martial world. Nobody is more superior than the other.” Melissa furrowed her eyebrows.
“Melissa, there’s still a lot you don’t know since you just entered the martial world. Although some people seem friendly, they actually have sinister intentions. You need to be careful,” Krel advised.
Jimmy added, “That’s right. You won’t go wrong if you listen to Krel. He’s knowledgeable and experienced in the martial world. Plus, we’re from the top sect in Balerno. You shouldn’t stoop down to befriend some nobodies.”
Hearing their mocking words, Dustin couldn’t help but laugh.
However, he didn’t rebuke them but looked at them as if they were clowns.
“Hey! Why are you smiling? Do you think we’re wrong?” Jimmy was displeased seeing Dustin laugh.
“I don’t know about that. I’m only curious if all disciples from Boulderthorn are so arrogant,” Dustin replied.
“How dare you disrespect our sect! Do you want to die?” Jimmy glared at him.
“There’s no need to bother with such riffraff. We don’t need to stoop to his level. He wouldn’t even have had a chance to meet us if Sacred Wrym Summit hadn’t organized this tournament. Thus, we won’t each other again after the trial today. He can only look up to us from now on, so there’s no need to pay him any heed.” Krel raised his hand to stop Jimmy from getting angry disdainfully.
“That’s true.” Jimmy nodded before sneering. “You brat! Once we raise the cauldron, you’ll naturally understand the difference between us. Let’s see how you’re going to defend yourself by then!”
“Let’s wait and see, then.” Dustin smiled mockingly.
The two were just Divine-level martial artists. Yet, they were acting so prideful.
###Chapter 2132 by Marina Vittori
“Hmph! You must have never seen real power! You’ll soon know we’re a thousand times better than you!” Jimmy scoffed.
Someone like Dustin, who belonged to no sect, didn’t even deserve his attention.
“Contestant 846 has failed. Next.”
Right then, the judge’s loud voice sounded again.
Another martial artist failed the sign- up test and left the square dejectedly.
“Jimmy, it’s your turn next. Don’t embarrass Boulderthorn,” Krel said, raising his chin.
Jimmy was No. 847, Krel was No. 848, and Melissa was No. 849.
“Don’t worry. Boulderthorn’s elite disciples aren’t weak! If I can’t even pass the first test, I might as well kill myself!” Jimmy patted his chest confidently.
The cauldron-lifting test was only the most elementary test. If he couldn’t even pass this level, how could he compete with the warriors of the world? How could he make a name for Boulderthorn?
“Very well. Go ahead and unleash your power.” Krel nodded.
“Krel, Melissa, just watch my performance!”
Jimmy smiled proudly, then strode to the ten-thousand-pound cauldron.
The ten-thousand-pound cauldron was as tall as a man. For ordinary martial artists, it was indeed difficult to lift it above their heads.
Only after breaking through divinity and receiving the blessing of true energy could one be qualified to lift it.
Jimmy came on the stage, spit on his hands, and then rubbed them vigorously a few times.
After the saliva dried on his hands, he reached out to grab the two handles of the bronze cauldron.
“Up!”
Jimmy took a deep breath and exerted force. His muscles tightened, and his true energy exploded. Soon, he successfully lifted the ten-thousand- pound bronze cauldron.
“Hahaha! It’s just a little cauldron, not a big deal!”
Holding the cauldron in both hands, he walked back and forth, showing off his strength. He looked calm and relaxed, without any strain.
The sight attracted the attention of the people around him.
Although many martial artists could lift a ten-thousand-pound cauldron, only a few could lift it as relaxed as Jimmy. In other words, he was qualified to challenge the 50-thousand-pound cauldron.
“Contestant 847 passed,” the judge announced expressionlessly.
“Krel! Jimmy was shortlisted!” Melissa couldn’t help but look excited. As they were from the same guild, she was naturally happy that Jimmy could pass the test.
“The ten-thousand-pound cauldron is nothing to Jimmy. The real challenge is the 50-thousand-pound one. If he can lift it successfully, he’ll have better chances in the Combat Tournament,” Krel said calmly.
He didn’t take the ten-thousand- pound cauldron seriously at all. The 50- thousand-pound cauldron was his goal.
“I hope Jimmy can continue his efforts and succeed in one fell swoop.” Melissa looked expectant.
“Punk! Do you see my power?” Jimmy held up the cauldron and walked to Dustin majestically.
He then put it down hard, leaving three holes on the floor, and said provocatively, “Weren’t you arrogant just now? Come on, try to lift it!”
“The ten-thousand-pound cauldron isn’t difficult for me. If you want to compete, bring the 50-thousand- pound cauldron here,” Dustin said calmly.
###Chapter 2133 by Marina Vittori
“Hah! You worthless punk! How dare you be so arrogant!” Jimmy sneered, looking contemptuous.
He continued, “You can’t even lift a ten -thousand-pound cauldron. How dare you propose to lift a 50-thousand- pound cauldron? Stop bragging!”
“Jimmy, since he wants to lift the 50- thousand-pound cauldron, let him, ” Krel chimed in. “Move it in front of him. Let’s see what he’s capable of!”
He thought Dustin was just looking for excuses to scare off Jimmy with the 50- thousand-pound cauldron.
“Okay! Then I’ll show my power again! Let this punk know he can’t lift it!” Jimmy said enthusiastically.
As he spoke, he lifted the ten-thousand -pound cauldron back to the original place, then turned to the judge. “I want to challenge the 50-thousand-pound cauldron!”
“Contestant 844 has failed to lift it. Are you sure you want to challenge the 50- thousand-pound cauldron?” the judge asked.
The cauldron-lifting test had certain risks, especially if the martial artist with insufficient strength tried to lift it. It would lead to burst circulatory pathways and serious injuries.
Contestant 844 was the bloody example.
“I’m Boulderthorn’s elite disciple! How can I be compared to that man? Just watch my performance!” Jimmy was brimming with confidence.
“Since you’re confident, let’s begin.” The judge didn’t say much and took a step aside.
Jimmy adjusted his breathing, then walked straight to the 50-thousand- pound cauldron. It was nearly nine feet tall. The handle was out of reach, so he had to lift it from the base.
As before, he spit into his hands, then crouched down and held the bottom of the cauldron.
“Up!” he shouted, lifting the cauldron with all his explosive strength. His feet sank slightly due to the pressure, leaving two footprints on the ground.
The 50-thousand-pound cauldron began to rise slowly.
Jimmy gritted his teeth, holding his breath. His face turned red, and the veins bulged on his neck. He looked somewhat ferocious.
When he lifted the 50-thousand- pound cauldron an inch higher, his legs had begun to tremble, and his eyes were bloodshot.
His flushed face gradually turned pale, and blood trickled from his nose. It was clear that he had reached his limit.
Finally, after holding on for two seconds, he gave up on the heavy load and let go. All the energy in his body dissipated, and the 50-thousand- pound cauldron fell heavily, making the ground tremble.
“What a pity. Jimmy almost succeeded. “Melissa shook her head. He had already lifted it an inch. He would succeed if he tried hard to lift it above his head.
“Jimmy’s agility is superb, but he slightly lacks strength. Still, his performance is commendable.” Krel nodded.
Jimmy was slender and wasn’t built for strength, so he was at a disadvantage in this test.
“Aren’t you going to move the 50- thousand-pound cauldron to me? You can’t move it? Do you want me to help you?” Dustin said with a meaningful smile.
“I-I’m not in a good condition today! I haven’t eaten enough! I’m exhausted! Otherwise, I would be able to lift it!” Jimmy said.
His pride was at stake. He couldn’t give in, or he would look more embarrassed.
“You haven’t eaten enough?” Dustin said, raising an eyebrow. His eyes glinted mischievously. “You’re just not good enough, aren’t you? How about I give you a chance to eat something and try again?”
“You-” Jimmy’s face reddened, and he shouted angrily, “You punk! Don’t be too arrogant! Go on and do it if you can! If you can’t, stop talking nonsense!
He didn’t believe that Dustin could lift the cauldron. Even he couldn’t do it, so how could an unknown person with no sect perform such feats?
###Chapter 2134 by Marina Vittori
“You’ll soon know whether I can do it or not.” Dustin smiled lightly and didn’t continue to argue. To him, Jimmy and Krel were just arrogant clowns.
“Fine, then! I’ll watch you make a fool of yourself!” Jimmy glared at Dustin. If looks could kill, Dustin would be dead by now. 1
Jimmy had never been so embarrassed before. He must teach Dustin a lesson.
If Dustin couldn’t even lift a ten- thousand-pound cauldron, he would take this opportunity to humiliate Dustin and vent his frustration.
“Jimmy, calm down. Don’t lose your temper over some insignificant punk.” Krel stepped forward and patted Jimmy’s shoulder.
He said calmly, “You have amazing speed and skills. It’s normal for you to slightly lack in strength. Don’t worry about it. Watch my performance next.”
“Krel, you must shock that punk! Show him the might of Boulderthorn’s elite disciple!” Jimmy said aggressively.
“Rest assured. I’ll make him feel utter despair.” Krel smiled proudly, glancing at Dustin with deep disdain and contempt.
Dustin was a loser with no sect but was bold enough to flirt with Melissa. He’d be dreaming if he thought he could be with her.
Krel believed he could put Dustin to shame with little effort.
“Contestant 847 has failed the 50- thousand-pound test. Next, contestant 848,” the judge announced.
“Krel, it’s your turn!” Jimmy respectfully gestured for Krel to proceed.
Krel straightened his clothes, putting his hands behind his back, and stepped forward proudly.
“Dear warriors! Here is the chief senior disciple of the Boulderthorn’s Forsakenstriders, the true genius! Let’s see how he makes a splash today!”
Jimmy’s loud announcement attracted the attention of the spectators. Sure enough, all eyes turned toward Krel with a mix of curiosity and skepticism.
Krel stood out too much during the test. He would only be the laughingstock if he didn’t have the capabilities.
After attracting much attention, he finally took action. He extended his right hand and slapped the ten- thousand-pound cauldron.
With a dull smack, the cauldron instantly soared up three feet high. As it began to fall, he slapped the bottom of the cauldron.
The cauldron soared again. Its downward momentum immediately turned upward, shooting up six feet high.
“Wow! What an amazing strength!”
“As expected of the chief senior disciple of Boulderthorn’s Forsakenstriders. He’s so powerful!”
“Damn it! He could make it fly with just a slap. Isn’t that too outrageous?”
Seeing Krel slapping the cauldron away twice, the audience was in an uproar, filled with surprise.
It was already difficult for them to lift a ten-thousand-pound cauldron, let alone slapping it away. So far, it was the most amazing yet shocking method they had seen.
The chief senior disciple of the Boulderthorn’s Forsakenstriders truly lived up to his reputation!
When the cauldron flew up, Krel just stood in place, unmoving. He looked calm and elegant. His demeanor soon attracted many female martial artists who liked him. Their hearts began to flutter.
His amazing performance was indeed handsome and charming.
“Krel! The cauldron is coming down! Be careful!” Melissa suddenly shouted..
The cauldron had flown nine feet high. After spinning in the air, it began to fall rapidly, aiming directly at where Krel was standing.
###Chapter 2135 by Marina Vittori
If the ten-thousand-pound cauldron hit an ordinary martial artist, he would probably die on the spot.
However, Krel remained calm, facing the falling cauldron without dodging or showing any fear. It was as if it were of no concern to him.
It wasn’t until it was about to hit his head that he slowly stretched out a hand, easily lifting the ten-thousand- pound cauldron.
After the cauldron fell slightly, he held it midair with one hand.
Judging from his calm demeanor, it seemed as if he was holding cotton instead of a ten-thousand-pound cauldron.
“Look, he’s lifting the cauldron with one hand! Krel, you’re awesome!” Jimmy clapped wildly and almost jumped with excitement.
“Holy shit! This guy held the cauldron up with one hand? He’s too strong!”
“There are many people who can lift a ten-thousand-pound cauldron, but he’s undoubtedly the best I’ve ever seen!”
“It’s Divine Strength! He’s amazing!”
All the martial artists couldn’t help but marvel at Krel’s stunning performance. They couldn’t stop talking about it.
He could hold the cauldron with one hand while swatting it away, which wasn’t something ordinary people could do.
He either had Divine Strength or was very powerful. It could even be both. But no matter what it was, his performance amazed everyone.
“As expected of Krel, he’s indeed amazing!” Melissa breathed a sigh of relief and smiled.
Krel’s actions were incredibly risky when he stood motionless under the cauldron. He would have gotten crushed if the cauldron hit him by mistake. Thank goodness that it was just a false alarm.
“Punk! Did you see Krel’s strength? That’s the power of the chief senior disciple of Boulderthorn’s Forsakenstriders!”
While Jimmy was happy, he didn’t forget to humiliate Dustin. Apart from Krel, he believed no one else could lift the cauldron with one hand.
“It’s just a ten-thousand-pound cauldron, nothing special. Why doesn’t he try to lift a 50-thousand-pound cauldron with one hand?” Dustin said indifferently.
“What nonsense are you spouting? Do you think the 50-thousand-pound cauldron is cotton? Or do you think you can lift if you wish?” Jimmy sneered.
“If you can’t do it, don’t yell here. Others might think you broke the record or something,” Dustin said, digging his ears casually.
“You!” Jimmy gritted his teeth in anger, but he was at a loss for words and didn’t know how to refute.
With a muffled thud, Krel dropped the ten-thousand-pound cauldron. Looking at Dustin, he said coldly and arrogantly, “Punk, you talk big. Do you dare to make a bet with me?”
“What kind of bet?” Dustin asked.
“It’s simple. If I can lift a 50-thousand- pound cauldron, I’ll throw it to you. If you can catch it, I lose. If you can’t, well, we’ll see how tough you really are. “Krel sneered.
Upon hearing that, the spectators’ expressions began to change.
A ten-thousand-pound cauldron could already crush someone to death, let alone a 50-thousand-pound one.
If it smashed Dustin, it might break his bones. If he dared to catch it, there’d only be one outcome-his body would be broken into pieces!
Krel was setting a trap for Dustin. If Dustin agreed, it would be a one-way ticket to an early grave.
“Punk! Weren’t you so confident before? Why are you saying nothing now? Make a bet with Krel if you dare! Let’s see how capable you are!” Jimmy raised his chin and started to provoke Dustin.
Dustin had only two choices-back down or fight to the death.
If he chose the former, Jimmy could humiliate and embarrass him. If he chose the latter, that was better-he would get crushed and die.
###Chapter 2136 by Marina Vittori
Dustin smiled, looking unfazed in the face of Krel and Jimmy’s provocation. He readily agreed to the challenge, Want a bet? Sure. I’ll play along.”
“Great! You’ve got guts. I can’t wait to see you defeated!” Jimmy cackled aloud.
Dustin could have backed down. It might be humiliating, but at least he wouldn’t have to risk his life. Jimmy couldn’t believe that Dustin had agreed to the challenge-he essentially had a death wish.
“Dustin, don’t!” Melissa’s face fell when Dustin risked his life for the challenge. She advised, “A 50-thousand -pound cauldron is no joke. You’ll be crushed if you can’t support it. Please think it over!”
Dustin might look intimidating, but he was nothing more than an amateur who didn’t hail from any established guild or sect. His capability would certainly fall short of Krel’s. Taking on the challenge against Krel was just an act of self-destruction.
All she wanted was to befriend Dustin. Never had she thought that she’d get him into such trouble.
“Melissa, don’t bother with him! He’s too full of himself. Imagine challenging Krel! He’s asking for it,” Jimmy sneered.
“We’re all martial artists here. We can always iron out any disagreements through discussion. Why do we have to resort to fighting?” Melissa shook her head with a tight frown.
She wouldn’t have stopped Krel and Dustin from fighting if it was a friendly competition, which was commonplace in the martial world.
However, she felt compelled to stop any form of fighting that involved the risk of death. Any slip-up would cost them their lives.
“Melissa, we got to teach arrogant guys like him a lesson! He deserved what happened to him!” Jimmy argued.
“But-”
Jimmy raised his hand and cut her off, ” Enough, Melissa. You’re from Boulderthorn. You shouldn’t speak up for an outsider. Since he’s agreed to the bet, he’ll either live or die.”
Melissa was at a loss for words. She cast a worried look at Dustin in an attempt to convince him to give up.
“I appreciate your kind advice, Ms. Yondels, but save your worries for Krel. A 50-thousand-pound cauldron is a huge challenge for him, “Dustin remarked with an unbothered smile.
“Hmph! You ignorant fool. Lifting a 5-= thousand-pound cauldron is a piece of cake for Krel. Open your eyes and watch for yourself!” Jimmy snapped with a disdainful look.
He might not be capable of lifting a 50- thousand-pound cauldron, but he believed that Krel could do it. After all, Krel wasn’t appointed the chief senior disciple of Forsakenstriders for nothing.
“Punk. I’ll make you regret your decision today,” Krel threatened.
Without further ado, he made his way to the 50-thousand-pound cauldron and announced loudly, “I will take up the challenge of lifting the 50- thousand-pound cauldron.”
“Good luck to you.” Unlike before, the judge didn’t attempt to talk Krel out of it. Instead, he merely nodded with a look of approval.
Perhaps, as an insider, the judge could tell that Krel was the real deal.
His previous performance had gripped everyone by surprise. He indeed seemed capable of taking on the challenge.
After scanning the faces around him, he coldly said, “Ladies and gentlemen, please keep your distance from me. I worry I might injure the innocent when the cauldron falls.”
Upon hearing that, the contestants behind Dustin quickly scattered, worried they might be injured.
Even a rolling 50-thousand-pound cauldron on the ground was enough to crush one’s limbs and head, let alone one falling from the air.
“Open your eyes, punk. I’ll introduce you to absolute force today!” Snickering at Dustin, Krel turned to face the cauldron and clapped his hands.
A loud thud echoed in the venue. The 50 -thousand-pound cauldron trembled from the impact, causing dust to fall off its surface.
“Up!” When the cauldron was shaking, Krel took the chance to hold its base and lift it. True energy was released from his body. A shocking force exploded from within.
The heavy cauldron rose slowly but steadily under Krel’s robust force.
###Chapter 2137 by Marina Vittori
Unlike Jimmy’s reaction when he lifted the cauldron, Krel appeared comparatively at ease. His expression didn’t change much. As he lifted the cauldron, his arm muscles tensed up, and his veins bulged like worms.
In a few seconds, he had raised the cauldron to the height of his chest, about three feet off the ground. This had placed him far ahead of the previous contestants.
Everyone’s eyes were glued to Krel, their hearts in their throats. Some wished for his success, while some couldn’t wait to see him fail. Most of them were merely shocked at his strength.
“Krel, you’re amazing! Keep going and lift it over your head!” Jimmy cheered him on.
Krel was so close to success.
“Up!” Suddenly, Krel screamed and increased his strength. The heavy 50- thousand-pound cauldron started rising again after a short pause.
At this point, Krel’s expression finally crumbled. He gritted his teeth. The veins on his neck bulged as he breathed laboriously.
After a few seconds, he lifted the cauldron over his head with a quiver and stood steadily. The venue exploded in applause.
“Yes! Krel did it!” Jimmy clapped excitedly.
“Damn it! He’s fucking amazing for lifting that 50-thousand-pound cauldron.”
“Over ten contestants took on the challenge today, but all failed. I didn’t expect him to succeed. Not only that, he has some strength left in him. That’s pretty admirable.”
“Is this the power of Boulderthorn’s chief senior disciple? It’s truly eye- opening.”
Everyone murmured in astonishment. They had anticipated Krel’s victory, but it was a wholly different experience to witness it in person.
The strength required to raise a 50- thousand-pound cauldron over one’s head was more than the gravitational pull on the cauldron itself. The spectators were left speechless by Krel’s power.
“Not bad. Someone has finally passed the test today,” the judge said with an appreciative nod and deemed him as at least an advanced-level Divine martial artist.
Seeing that Krel still had some force to spare, one might even assume that he was a fully developed Divine-level martial artist. No matter what, he was excellent.
“Krel, it’s time!” Jimmy reminded Krel while shooting a malicious glance at Dustin.
“Punk, time for you to catch the cauldron!” Holding the cauldron, Krel turned toward Dustin and bent his knees. Then, he pushed upward with an explosive force from his body.
Two loud explosions later, the ground cracked. Even the shirt on Krel was torn by the force.
Then, he hurled the cauldron toward Dustin like a missile, to the shock of the spectators.
###Chapter 2138 by Marina Vittori
“Damn! That guy’s dead meat!”
The spectators looked horrified as the cauldron hurtled toward Dustin. Never had they expected Krel to be so decisively merciless. The impact of the cauldron was enough to crush a man.
“Dustin, look out!” Melissa cried out in alarm.
Jimmy stood there, waiting for Dustin’s fate to be sealed. There was no escape from the impact of the cauldron. He couldn’t wait to witness Dustin’s demise.
“Hah!” Dustin smiled fearlessly at the cauldron. He stood in the same spot without flinching. As the cauldron approached, he suddenly extended his hand and caught one of its feet.
Leveraging the force, he guided the cauldron to gravitate around him. Finally, with much ease, he directed the cauldron to land steadily on the ground.
A dull thud was heard when the cauldron landed. As the earth shook, the dust and rocks jumped into the air from the impact. The spectators were caught by surprise.
Everyone expected Dustin to die when Krel threw the cauldron in his direction. Therefore, they were shocked to see Dustin surviving and even casually landing the cauldron on the floor.
He might have made use of the resistive force, but he was smart for doing so. Not only did he save himself, but he also won the bet, killing two birds with one stone.
“I’m surprised that he caught the cauldron.”
“He just pulled some tricks. He didn’t win with his skills.”
“Sure, but he couldn’t have caught the cauldron without a certain level of skill.
The spectators discussed among themselves when they saw Dustin safe and sound. Some praised him for his wits, while others looked down on him for his dishonorable win.
“What now? Are you disappointed?” Dustin stared at Jimmy and the others with a sarcastic look.
“Y-You cheated!” After recovering from the shock, Jimmy fell into a state of panic. He had expected Dustin to be crushed by the cauldron, not coming out unscathed.
“Did I cheat?” Dustin broke out laughing and stared at Jimmy like he was a clown. “You didn’t specify the method of winning, as long as I caught the caldron. Besides, I didn’t use any external force. How could you accuse me of cheating?”
“This is a competition of strength. You won through a sneaky move, and that’s shameful!” Jimmy growled, glaring at him.
“Does an honorable victory entail getting crushed by the cauldron?” Dustin retorted.
“Hey! Are the Boulderthorn members acting reasonably here? You clearly said it was a victory as long as he caught the cauldron. When he caught it, you refused to acknowledge his victory. Shame on you!”
“Isn’t that right? How dare you call yourselves warriors when you can’t even keep your word? You’re disappointing!”
The martial artists who spoke up for Dustin hailed from unknown or unpopular guilds and were regularly looked down upon, even bullied by disciples of major guilds.
When they witnessed the Boulderthorn disciplines openly bullying others and even refusing to accept defeat, they were riled up and stepped in.
“Shut up! This is none of your business! Shut up, all of you!” Jimmy barked at those who spoke up.
As a disciple of the esteemed Boulderthorn guild, he couldn’t bring himself to admit that a nobody had humiliated them.
“Punk, you have brains. I admit that you have won,” Krel began with a grim expression. “However, a victory won through dishonest means is an act of cowardice in my eyes. Say whatever you want. It doesn’t change the fact that you’re a weak loser.”
“He’s right!” Jimmy agreed. “You’re just a weak loser who doesn’t dare to face Krel fairly and squarely! You might have won the bet, but you remain a coward!”
Dustin laughed even louder. “I wasn’t taking this game too seriously, but it seems like you are. How about another bet? This time, we up the ante and sign a deadly duel agreement and subject ourselves to our fates.”
“What? A deadly duel agreement?”
People started gossiping. Any martial artist would know that a deadly duel agreement was just like what it sounded -one party would end up dead.
The winner would live, while the loser would die. Not only that, the family and friends of the dead were prohibited from taking revenge, or they would risk being denounced by fellow martial artists and even held responsible by the Martial Arts Union.
Under usual circumstances, no one would request to sign a deadly duel agreement.
“Did I hear you right? You want to sign a deadly duel agreement with Krel?” Jimmy, caught by surprise, put on a look of joy as he stared at the idiot in front of him.
He didn’t expect such a ridiculous request from Dustin, who had narrowly escaped death and won some recognition. He failed to understand why Dustin would get himself into trouble again.
That’s right. I suggest we sign a deadly duel agreement. Do you have the guts?” Dustin looked at them in amusement.
“Of course! Bring it on!” Jimmy puffed his chest.
“Tell me the details of the bet. I don’t want any tricks,” Krel interrupted with some suspicion. Although he was confident in his capability, he’d rather be safe than sorry.
“The rules are simple. Just like before, players will take turns throwing the cauldron at each other. Whoever fails to catch it loses,” Dustin explained calmly.
He continued, “To avoid any accusations of foul play, we’ll switch up the rules. The player can’t dodge, use any weapons, or utilize any resistive force. The cauldron also can’t touch the ground. Players are required to catch the cauldron with their own force. How does that sound?”
Krel couldn’t help but laugh. “Great! If flirting with death is what you enjoy, I won’t go easy on you. I’ll make you pay for your idiocy and arrogance… with your life!”
###Chapter 2139 by Marina Vittori
When Krel saw Dustin catch the cauldron, he thought he had lost his chance for revenge. But to his surprise, Dustin wanted to make another bet and even gave up his advantage.
The man clearly had a death wish!
“Alright, so it’s settled. Who goes first, you or me?” Dustin joked with a laugh.
“We go first, of course!” Before Krel could speak, Jimmy chimed in, “You brought up the bet. Letting us go first isn’t too much to ask, right?”
Since cheating wasn’t allowed, Krel only had to lift and throw the 50- thousand-pound cauldron again, which would surely defeat Dustin.
“Okay, you guys go first,” Dustin agreed without a fight. It didn’t matter to him who went first.
“Let’s sign a deadly duel agreement first. Anyone who backs out is a coward! “Jimmy sneered.
“No problem.” Dustin nodded.
Soon, the deadly duel agreement was brought over.
Krel signed it first, then tossed the pen to Dustin with an evil smile. “Your turn, punk.”
As Dustin picked up the pen to sign, Melissa tried to stop him. “Dustin, maybe you should reconsider? Krel is very strong and has a lot of backing. You’re sure to lose against him. It’s not worth risking your life.”
Signing the deadly duel agreement meant that if defeated, one’s fate was no longer in their own hands. She felt it was too risky for a moment of pride.
“Ms. Yondels, thanks for your concern, but I might not lose. In fact, you should worry about Krel. I’m afraid he won’t be able to handle it,” Dustin said with a calm smile, signing the agreement confidently.
“Dustin-”
Melissa tried to say more but was interrupted by Jimmy, “Enough, Melissa. Why care about such an ungrateful guy? Just enjoy the show.”
“Melissa, as a Boulderthorn disciple, you shouldn’t be helping outsiders,” Krel said, displeased.
He had always had a soft spot for Melissa. Seeing her chatting and laughing with Dustin made him jealous.
“I…” Melissa hesitated.
She just wanted to make a friend, never expecting it would cause such a conflict. Now, she was caught in the middle, between a rock and a hard place.
“Krel, let’s not delay any further. Start now!” Jimmy was getting impatient.
“Melissa, step aside. Don’t get hurt by accident.” Krel waved his hand, signaling Melissa to move back. Then, he walked up to the 50-thousand- pound cauldron again, starting to gather energy.
Lifting and throwing the cauldron before had used up a lot of his energy. Fortunately, he recovered quickly due to his strong foundation. Even throwing it again, he was still full of vigor.
Krel took a deep breath. His hands slowly touched the base of the cauldron, then his muscles tensed up all at once, and the true energy surged through his body.
In the next second, the heavy cauldron began to move slightly.
“Up!” Krel yelled, exerting force with his hands.
The 50-thousand-pound cauldron made a loud sound as it lifted off the ground and rose quickly. In the blink of an eye, it had already reached Krel’s chest.
“Up!” After a brief pause, Krel gritted his teeth and exerted force again, lifting the cauldron above his head in one go.
“Great! Krel is so strong!” Jimmy kept clapping, praising Krel to the skies.
“The chief senior disciple of Boulderthorn’s Forsakenstriders is really powerful. Lifting the cauldron a second time even more easily than the first time. It’s truly eye-opening!”
“Looking at it this way, the guy challenging Boulderthorn seems to be in danger.”
“No dodging, no using any resistive force, and no letting the cauldron touch the ground. He had to catch it using his own strength. It’s too much pressure. He’s truly risking his life.”
###Chapter 2140 by Marina Vittori
“It wasn’t a big deal until that guy wanted to win and push it to this point. He asked for it!”
The spectators were buzzing as they watched Krel lift the cauldron.
Some were amazed by Krel’s strength, while others felt pity for Dustin. Of course, there were also those who were just there for the drama.
“Your turn, kid! Catch!”
Krel, holding the cauldron, spun around and then hurled it toward Dustin’s head. The 50-thousand- pound cauldron zoomed through the air, heading straight for Dustin.
Dustin stood there, hands behind his back, as if he didn’t see it coming. Just as the cauldron was about to hit, he suddenly struck it with his palm.
A loud bang erupted, and Dustin’s palm left a deep imprint on the bronze cauldron. The force sent it flying and spinning in the air like a top, shedding loads of rust and dust.
“What?”
Everyone’s jaw dropped at the sight of the spinning cauldron in the air. They couldn’t believe their eyes, especially Krel and Jimmy, who were completely shocked.
The bronze cauldrons used at the Sacred Wrym Summit were reinforced with special materials, making them not only super heavy but also extremely hard.
But Dustin, with a single palm strike, not only sent the 50-thousand-pound cauldron flying but also left a deep imprint on it.
It was unbelievable!
No one expected Dustin to have such terrifying power. No wonder he was so confident. He had been hiding his true strength.
“Here, take this back!”
Before anyone could recover from their shock, Dustin made his move again. He struck the spinning bronze cauldron in midair as if he were playing with a top.
Another loud noise echoed, and the cauldron received another palm imprint from Dustin. The heavy and massive cauldron was propelled back at an incredible speed toward Krel, like a football that had been kicked.
“What?” Krel’s face changed. He stumbled back in fear.
However, he quickly realized that backing off would make him look weak. As the chief senior disciple of Boulderthorn’s Forsakenstriders, he couldn’t afford to humiliate himself.
No matter what, he had to withstand the pressure.
“Bring it on!” Krel shouted, channeling all his true energy into his palms and striking the incoming bronze cauldron with all his might.
If Dustin could do it, so could he.
Krel’s palms hit the cauldron hard. The heavy cauldron paused for a brief moment before smashing into Krel with so much force, bending his arms and hitting him right in the chest.
“Agh!” Krel screamed in pain as he was sent flying several feet back. He crashed heavily on the ground, coughing up blood.
###Chapter 2141 by Marina Vittori
The bronze cauldron sent Krel flying after the collision and heavily crashed onto the ground with a rumble, causing debris to fly and dust to rise.
For a moment, the whole venue was dead silent. No one had expected such an outcome in the fight between the two.
Dustin not only withstood the impact of the cauldron head-on but also managed to counter-attack and severely injure Krel. It was simply unbelievable!
“Damn, this guy is amazing! He actually kicked around a cauldron weighing 50 thousand pounds like a ball!”
“Holy shit! He is truly extraordinary to slap away the cauldron with one hand!”
“We have to admit that we’d completely underestimated him. This guy is definitely not ordinary!”
After a brief silence, the venue erupted into an uproar.
Everyone was astonished by Dustin’s immense power. The cauldron, which wouldn’t even budge when they tried to lift it, was being tossed around by him as if it were a toy. It was a truly terrifying sight to behold.
“No… Impossible… This can’t be happening!” Looking at Krel lying on the ground and coughing up blood, Jimmy kept shaking his head in disbelief.
“Krel was born with extraordinary strength, and his cultivation is profound. How could he lose to this kid?
Dustin was just a nobody who didn’t belong to any sect or guild. How could he be compared to the elite disciples of Boulderthorn, especially an ace like Krel?
It was hard to believe that someone with exceptional talent like Krel would lose to such a person.
“Who… who are you?” Krel coughed as he struggled to stand up and point at Dustin, his face filled with bewilderment.
The force from the cauldron’s collision had been too great. He couldn’t block it head-on at all.
If he hadn’t activated his energy at the last moment to form a protective shield around his body, he might not have been able to stand up now.
Along with his shock, he couldn’t comprehend why the thin and frail- looking Dustin could unleash such a powerful force. Could it be that he truly possessed the Divine Strength?
“Who I am is not important,” Dustin said indifferently. You look like you’re about to pass out anytime.”
He offered, “Well, as long as you apologize and admit that you’ve misjudged me, I’ll consider letting you off the hook. How about that?”
“Nonsense!” Krel was infuriated by his words and shouted, “You little brat, do you think you’ve already won? Let me tell you, that’s impossible!”
“What? So you want to continue the fight?” Dustin asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Of course, we must continue! The winner has yet to be determined, and I may not necessarily lose to you!” Krel said sternly.
“That’s right! Don’t get too cocky, kid.
Krel has plenty of tricks up his sleeve. Defeating you is a piece of cake for him! “Jimmy cheered on the side.
“Oh? Is that so? Then I’ll wait and see,” Dustin said with a smirk.
Originally, he only intended to teach Krel a lesson and make him back down. He didn’t expect him to be so ungrateful.
Not only did he not appreciate his mercy, but he also insisted on pushing things to the limit. Since this was the case, he shouldn’t blame Dustin for being ruthless.
“Punk, you do have some skill. I must admit that I underestimated you, but unfortunately, you’ve met me…” Krel said with a grim expression.
He reached into his shirt and retrieved a square box made from cedar wood. When he opened the box, a purple tablet was revealed. It emitted a strong fragrance.
Krel took a deep breath. A hint of reluctance flickered in his eyes, but it was quickly replaced by determination.
“This Tigazuril was originally my trump card prepared for the final duel. I didn’t expect to use it today because of you.
“Although it’s somewhat regrettable, I’m willing to use this precious tablet as long as I can annihilate you!”
He picked up the purple tablet and threw it into his mouth. The tablet melted upon contact with his tongue. The Soul Elixir contained within instantly permeated his limbs and nourished every circulatory pathway in his body.
All his fatigue dissipated, and he became revitalized as if he possessed boundless energy. Supplemented by the Soul Elixir, the energy in his body began to increase substantially.
“Ah-!” Krel roared, and a terrifying energy erupted.
In an instant, his hair stood on end, and his body expanded, tearing his tight-fitting clothes into pieces and revealing a sturdy physique underneath.
At this moment, his cultivation had boosted, and he had leveled up from a fully developed Divine-level martial artist to halfway becoming a grandmaster. His strength had undoubtedly multiplied significantly!
“What a powerful oppressive force! It seems he has achieved a breakthrough!
“As expected from the ace of Boulderthorn’s Forsakenstriders, he even has the Tigazuril. What a formidable presence he is!”
“What is a Tigazuril? Is it very powerful?”
“Of course! Tigazuril is extremely powerful and rare because of its complex refining process. Those who consume it will likely achieve a breakthrough to reach a higher level. Gems like this are priceless. Even with money, they’re hard to come by!”
“He’s willing to use even the Tigazuril. It seems today will be a fight to the death!”
Seeing Krel’s soaring momentum, the crowd couldn’t help but discuss him among themselves. Previously, they thought the outcome was already determined, but they didn’t expect him to have a trump card.
By leveraging the power of Tigazuril to break through his cultivation level and greatly increase his strength, it was obvious that he was going all out.
“Do you see this, punk? This is how powerful Krel is!” Jimmy boasted as he laughed wildly after noticing the situation reversing.
He continued, “I admit that you have some skills, but so what? Now that Krel has achieved a breakthrough, his strength has greatly increased.
“Dealing with you will be easy. If you’re smart, kneel and beg for mercy now. Otherwise, prepare to face your death!”
He didn’t expect Krel to take Tigazuril so easily. It seemed that he was determined to kill today.
“Kneel and beg for mercy?” Dustin scoffed and said, “Do you really believe that swallowing a tablet could change anything? I must say that you’re quite naive.”
“Hmph! Even at the brink of death, you still act tough. Soon, you’ll know the power of Tigazuril!” Jimmy sneered, wearing an expression that showed his excitement to watch Dustin’s death. 2
“You should pride yourself on making me take the Tigazuril. But now, I must make you pay with your blood!” Krel howled with anger before kicking the 50 -thousand-pound bronze cauldron in Dustin’s direction.
With a rumble, the gigantic bronze cauldron shot up in the air and flew at incredible speed toward Dustin. Wherever it passed, dust rose, and nothing could stand in its way!
###Chapter 2142 by Marina Vittori
Krel’s strength had multiplied after taking Tigazuril. With one kick, the 50- thousand-pound bronze cauldron flew up into the air like a football, unstoppable.
The sudden turn of events caused the expressions of the spectators to change drastically, and they scattered in all directions, afraid of being hit.
If hit head-on by a cauldron weighing 50 thousand pounds, coupled with the terrifying impact, one would most likely be crushed into pieces.
“Holy shit! Who could possibly stop this kick?”
The crowd was secretly shocked and filled with dread. They hadn’t expected Krel to become so powerful after taking the tablet that he could kick around a 50 -thousand-pound cauldron like a ball.
His erupting force had reached an unimaginable level.
“Punk, you’re finished this time!” Jimmy said, wearing a vicious grin.
Even if Dustin had supernatural abilities, he couldn’t possibly withstand the immense impact of the 50-thousand-pound cauldron. He had only two options-surrender and evade or be smashed into a pulp.
“Ha!”
Watching the approaching cauldron, Dustin only smirked and remained standing without even flinching. Until the moment of imminent impact, he suddenly extended his hand and grabbed the cauldron.
With a deafening boom, his palm collided solidly with the 50-thousand- pound cauldron. The powerful shockwave instantly stirred up a violent air current, sweeping toward the surroundings. Wherever it passed, dust rose, and debris flew.
The spectators were pushed back by the air current, unable to keep their eyes open. When everything finally calmed down, the scene before them was truly astonishing.
Dustin was still steadily on his feet, not retreating even a single step. With his left hand behind his back and his right hand gripping the bronze cauldron, his expression remained calm and composed.
His incredible finger strength had left several deep marks on the bronze cauldron.
With just one hand, he had lifted the heavy cauldron and suspended it in midair. It was as if he was holding a large ball. His grip was steady as a rock and couldn’t be budged even a fraction.
Silence. The entire venue was surprisingly quiet.
Everyone stared wide-eyed at Dustin holding the cauldron with one hand, their faces filled with disbelief.
They couldn’t believe their eyes. Facing the ferocious impact of the 50- thousand-pound cauldron, Dustin not only emerged unscathed, but he also managed to catch it with just one hand!
Was he even a human to be able to do that?
“Am… am I seeing this right? This guy actually caught the cauldron with one hand?”
“Oh my God! How much strength does he have to do it so effortlessly?”
“A monster… He’s a monster!”
After a brief silence, the entire venue erupted into chaos.
Everyone was dumbfounded by Dustin’s impossible act. They had thought that after taking Tigazuril, Krel would be able to turn the tables. The fact that Dustin would still be stronger wasn’t something they expected.
Since the beginning, he had been concealing his strength. The 50- thousand-pound cauldron looked like a toy in his hand, and he seemed to be holding it without the slightest pressure.
There was only one explanation for how he could achieve such a feat-he truly possessed the Divine Strength!
“He… he blocked it? How is that possible?”
Compared to the shock of the onlookers, Jimmy felt more fear. After taking Tigazuril, Krel had doubled his strength. The kick he just delivered was incredibly powerful and unstoppable.
In his view, Dustin had only one way to go if he couldn’t evade-death.
However, the result once again exceeded his expectations. He not only survived but also blocked the attack stunningly, astonishing the audience.
“What?”
“How can this be?”
At this moment, Krel was the most shocked of them all.
He was already halfway to becoming a grandmaster, and the kick he just delivered carried at least 80 thousand pounds of force. Along with the inertia of the cauldron, it would be impossible to block it if one didn’t have at least 100 thousand pounds of force.
Who exactly was this kid? How could he be so terrifying?
Just as everyone was in shock, cracks suddenly appeared in the bronze cauldron in Dustin’s hands. The cracks began to spread rapidly, covering the entire body of the cauldron in the blink of an eye.
In the next second, there was a loud explosion, and the bronze cauldron exploded into countless fragments, scattering on the ground.
Everyone was dumbfounded once again, including Dustin, who was slightly stunned. The cauldron seemed a little too fragile.
“It’s not my fault, sir. The cauldron broke on its own,” he said, shrugging and looking innocent.
The judge’s jaw almost dropped. He was momentarily at a loss for words.
Ordinary Divine-level martial artists would struggle to even lift a 50- thousand-pound cauldron, yet the two in front of him were treating it like a toy, kicking it around like soccer.
The worst part was that they had broken the specially forged cauldron for testing. How was he supposed to explain this to his superior now?
“I’ll compensate for the cauldron. Whatever the cost, put it on my account,” said a clear voice.
At that moment, the beautiful young man, Dalen, leisurely walked over. He was accompanied by several others, including Crystal. They had already registered and were waiting for Dustin in the rest area outside.
After waiting for a while without seeing him, they decided to come and see what was going on. They just happened to witness Dustin and Krel having a duel with the cauldron.
“Who are you?” asked the judge while scanning Dalen from head to toe.
“I’m Dalen Shade from the Shadow Citadel,” he replied and showed his badge to prove his identity.
He continued, “Dustin here is my friend. Whatever he breaks, Shadow Citadel will pay for all of it.”
“Shadow Citadel?”
Hearing this, many people in the crowd began to stir.
Shadow Citadel was one of the top sects in the country, second only to the Celestial Alliance, the Sword Union, and the Mystic Arts Order. Its influence in Dragonmarsh was even stronger than that of Boulderthorn.
Although Shadow Citadel practiced both divine and dark magic and had a somewhat shady reputation, few dared to provoke them in the martial world.
This was because they were extremely protective of their disciples. If any disciple was wronged outside, they would go to any lengths to seek justice.
“Dustin, continue the match. Feel free to go all out with us backing you up!”
Dalen said, full of confidence and boldness as he folded his arms.
So what if Krel was the chief senior disciple of Forsakenstriders, the subsidiary guild of Boulderthorn? In the face of true genius, he wasn’t even worth mentioning!
###Chapter 2143 by Marina Vittori
“You actually dare to challenge Dustin? Do you have a death wish?” Miles took a couple of steps forward and glared fiercely at Krel and Jimmy, exuding a strong presence.
Although Crystal and the others remained silent, they all stood beside Dalen, showing their stance.
As Sword Union’s disciples, they had no fear of the Boulderthorn.
Jimmy exclaimed in anger, “Hey! We’re elite disciples of the Boulderthorn. Are you going against us for this random punk?”
Dalen said coldly, “Does it matter if we are? Do you think Shadow Citadel is afraid of you?”
Miles said loudly, “Not only Shadow Citadel’s disciples, but Sword Union’s disciples are also ready to stand with Dustin!”
Jimmy’s expression changed instantly upon hearing his words. “What? You’re Sword Union’s disciples?”
Dealing with the Shadow Citadel alone would be easier as the Boulderthorn wasn’t afraid of the Shadow Citadel.
However, the situation would be entirely different if the Sword Union was added to the mix.
Jimmy initially considered Dustin to be a random nobody. He was taken aback when he discovered that Dustin had connections to the Shadow Citadel and the Sword Union.
He realized that the situation had become more complicated.
“This is absurd! Do you think I’m joking?” Miles quickly presented the Sword Union disciple badge, confirming their identity.
The revelation stunned Jimmy, extinguishing the last glimmer of hope in his heart.
At that moment, Krel’s face turned ashen. He never anticipated that an unknown person, without any affiliation, would possess remarkable strength and backing from elite disciples of major sects.
It seemed that the upcoming confrontation would indeed be a life-or -death battle.
“I have signed a deadly duel agreement with this kiddo,” Krel said solemnly. ” Whether you are part of the Shadow Citadel or the Sword Union, no one is allowed to intervene. Any interference could ruin the deathmatch’s rules!”
Jimmy chimed in quickly, saying, That’s right! Everyone here can be a witness. This kiddo and Krel are engaged in a deadly duel. No one is permitted to lend any help during this match!”
As long as the Sword Union’s and Shadow Citadel’s disciples refrained from getting involved, there was still a chance for victory.
Dalen said calmly, “Don’t worry. We won’t interfere in the match between you two. Our role is merely to ensure the smooth progression of the competition. Whether it’s life or death, it all depends on your skills.”
“Good! You better keep your word!” Jimmy’s eyes lit up with instant motivation.
“Fools! Do you really think you can defeat Dustin? Stop daydreaming!” Miles sneered.
Although Dustin’s reputation wasn’t prominent, his strength was undeniable.
He could hold his own against Kendricks, who ranked eighth on the Legendary List, without risking his life. Therefore, handling a few Boulderthorn disciples would be a piece of cake.
Krel said fiercely, “Don’t be too confident. The outcome is still uncertain!”
He recognized Dustin’s strength but felt confident in himself after the breakthrough.
Right then, looking worried, Melissa tried to mediate, “Krel, Dustin, the cauldron has already shattered. There’s no way to proceed with the competition. Shouldn’t we just call it off?”
“The 50-thousand-pound cauldron is broken, but there’s still a 100-thousand -pound cauldron. We can continue the competition,” Dalen said, gesturing at the cauldron.
“A 100-thousand-pound cauldron?”
Everyone turned their gaze simultaneously toward the other side upon hearing his suggestion. They all stared at the massive bronze cauldron.
The bronze cauldron stood nearly 16 feet tall, resembling a small mountain. It instilled fear in those who beheld it.
Many had attempted to challenge the 50-thousand-pound cauldron since the test began, yet none had dared to approach the 100-thousand-pound cauldron.
Attempting to challenge the 100- thousand-pound cauldron was no longer within the realm of possibility for a Divine-level martial artist. Only a grandmaster martial artist could undertake such a feat.
Interestingly, grandmaster martial artists participating in the competition were exempt from this challenging process. They could directly sign up for the competition and be placed in the highest-level Group A.
This situation led to the perception that only grandmaster martial artists could lift the cauldron, but they were not required to prove their strength in this manner.
Therefore, the 100-thousand-pound cauldron had essentially become nothing more than a decoration. Until now, no one had attempted to lift it.
Upon hearing Dalen’s words, a question arose in the martial artists’ minds.
Could Dustin and Krel manage to lift the 100-thousand-pound cauldron?
If they couldn’t lift it, how would the competition proceed?
“What nonsense are you talking about? Who can lift a 100-thousand-pound cauldron? Don’t be ridiculous!” Jimmy snorted.
Even Krel, who had taken the Tigazuril, couldn’t possibly lift a 100-thousand- pound cauldron. Not only was it incredibly heavy, but it was also exceptionally large, making the task challenging.
Lifting it would require a minimum of several thousands of pounds of strength.
Dalen taunted, “Just because you can’t, it doesn’t mean others are the same. With such a narrow vision, how could you understand Dustin’s strength?”
“You’re spouting nonsense!” Jimmy glared and retorted, “If this punk can lift the 100-thousand-pound cauldron, I’ll eat the cauldron!”
“What? Trying to get a free meal again?
Dalen smirked and turned to Dustin. ” Dustin, given his large appetite, why don’t you showcase your skills and let him enjoy a feast!”
“No problem.” Dustin smiled.
With no other words, he made his way to the 100-thousand-pound cauldron.
Standing in front of the cauldron, which was nearly 16 feet tall, Dustin appeared particularly small.
“Is he really going to challenge the 100- thousand-pound cauldron?”
“I think he’s just seeking attention. Only a grandmaster can move the 100- thousand-pound cauldron!”
“Exactly! This massive cauldron has been here for days, untouched. Even if this person is powerful, succeeding in the challenge is impossible!”
A heated discussion erupted among the martial artists. They perceived Dustin’s actions as a clear overestimation of his abilities.
Believing that Dustin’s actions were driven by the pride stemming from his earlier victory over Krel, they thought that Dustin was unable to recognize his limit.
“He’s truly a fool! Let’s see just how capable he really is!” Krel sneered, anticipating Dustin’s failure.
If Dustin dared to challenge the 100- thousand-pound cauldron, there was a high likelihood that he would suffer burst circulatory pathways, severe injuries, and end up spitting blood.
Krel believed that he had a winning chance against Dustin in this situation.
###Chapter 2144 by Marina Vittori
Krel wasn’t confident he’d win against Dustin in a head-on confrontation.
However, if Dustin were severely injured by attempting to lift the 100- thousand-pound cauldron, it would turn the situation around completely.
He would easily win this gamble and finally vent his pent-up resentment.
“Hey, punk! Weren’t you going to make me enjoy a feast? Why are you just standing there? Come on! Show some guts, and try lifting it!” Jimmy began taunting Dustin after noticing his inaction.
He thought that Dustin was panicking, unsure of how to proceed in the face of the massive .
“There’s no need to rush. I’m just considering where you should start from.” Dustin assessed the massive cauldron from top to bottom.
“Hmph! You’re all talk!” Jimmy sneered in disdain. “If you really have the skills, stop babbling and let your strength do the talking. As long as you can lift the cauldron, I’ll devour it clean in front of everyone!”
“You must be really hungry.”
Dustin shook his head with a smile. ” Alright, since you want to eat it that badly, I’ll grant your wish.”
With that, Dustin grabbed the bottom of the cauldron and lifted it forcefully.
A thunderous rumble echoed through the air, and even the ground shook as clouds of dust billowed from the massive cauldron.
The crowd looked on in disbelief as the cauldron began to rise slowly.
“It’s moving! The massive cauldron is moving!”
“What the hell? No way! Can he really lift it up?”
“Oh my goodness! This guy has Divine Strength!”
The crowd broke into a frenzy as they watched the cauldron gradually rise into the air, staring wide-eyed and in utter shock.
Nobody expected Dustin to be capable of lifting the massive cauldron since it had remained on the ground until now.
“Wait! Are my eyes playing tricks on me? H-He actually lifted it up with just one hand?”
“What? With just one hand?”
“Oh my God! Is he even human?”
“A monster! He’s an absolute monster!
When the crowd noticed that Dustin had lifted the cauldron up with only one hand, their excitement reached a fever pitch.
Their expressions reflected sheer astonishment, as if they were witnessing a monster.
Lifting a 100-thousand-pound cauldron was beyond the capabilities of anyone below the level of a grandmaster. Yet, Dustin not only lifted the cauldron, but he did so with just one hand.
How else could they describe him, if not a monster?
“H-How is this possible? He actually lifted it up?” Jimmy was frozen in disbelief and felt goosebumps rising on his skin. He never expected Dustin to possess such extraordinary strength.
That cauldron weighed 100 thousand pounds, for heaven’s sake! It was an achievement no one had managed to pull off before.
However, Dustin did the impossible. He even made it look easy.
Was he even human? 2
“No… That’s impossible! Absolutely impossible!” Jimmy shook his head frantically in disbelief. “This must be an illusion! He couldn’t possibly lift a 100-thousand-pound gigantic cauldron.”
Jimmy broke down completely. Initially, he still held on to hope, thinking Dustin was merely overconfident and exaggerating his words.
It wasn’t until now that he realized he had been terribly wrong.
Lifting a 100-thousand-pound cauldron was an impossible feat.
However, Dustin not only lifted it, but he did so with just one hand.
Jimmy couldn’t wrap his head around – the situation. It was so far beyond his expectations that his mind went black, and despair washed over him.
He knew deep down that he had been utterly defeated by a monster.
Jimmy’s legs gave way, and he collapsed to the ground, his face ashen. After witnessing Dustin’s unparalleled might, all thoughts of resistance drained from him.
“Up!” Still holding the cauldron in one hand, Dustin lifted it up effortlessly above his head. The 100-thousand- pound heavy cauldron appeared as light as a feather in his hands.
“This is incredible! Absolutely incredible!”
“Even a grandmaster wouldn’t be able to make it look that easy!”
“I dare say that the strong contenders on the Legendary List have serious competition!”
The crowd of martial artists could feel their hearts race as they looked up at Dustin with the cauldron above his head.
Even Dalen and his group were stunned by Dustin’s display of strength.
Even though they knew Dustin was strong and could lift the 100-thousand- pound cauldron, they didn’t expect it to be that easy for him.
It was truly astonishing to them that Dustin could lift it with just one hand.
“Hey, you there!”
With the cauldron still in one hand, Dustin looked at Jimmy and teased, ” I’ve lifted it. You seem pretty hungry.
It’s all yours now. Eat it!”
“Eat it?”
Jimmy froze, his face turning a deep shade of crimson instantly.
How could anyone possibly eat a 100- thousand-pound bronze cauldron that resembled a small mountain?
The problem was, he had said those words himself, and in front of everyone, no less. With the situation unfolding as it did, it felt like a slap to his face.
It was humiliating! As an elite disciple of Boulderthorn, he had never experienced such disgrace.
“What’s wrong? Do you want me to feed you?” Dustin chuckled.
“Men should keep their promises. You said it yourself. Surely, you wouldn’t go back on your word?” Dalen smirked.
“That’s right! We all heard you clearly. As long as Dustin lifts the cauldron, you’ll devour it clean. Now, it’s time for your performance!” Miles said loudly.
“Eat it! Eat it!” Ruby began shouting, fanning the flames.
“Eat it! Eat it!” The rest of the crowd joined in as they pumped their fists in the air.
Right then, Jimmy had become the target of everyone’s criticism.
###Chapter 2145 by Marina Vittori
“Ah… I…” Jimmy was extremely flustered amidst the clamor of the crowd, sweating profusely as he retreated nervously.
He had carelessly said those words since he never expected Dustin to lift the 100-thousand-pound cauldron.
That was how he found himself in the current predicament, urged by the crowd to eat the massive cauldron.
It was made of solid bronze! Even if it were made of chocolate, he would end up stuffing himself to death.
“Everyone, what I said earlier was out of line. I spoke words I shouldn’t have and have realized my mistake. Please forgive me,” Jimmy said, smiling faintly as he clasped his hands together.
“You’ve realized your mistakes? A little too late for that now, don’t you think?” Miles glowered at him.
“To be honest, I preferred your unruly behavior more. This meekness doesn’t suit you,” Dalen said as he shook his head.
They might as well go all out if they were going to humiliate him.
“Hmph! Boulderthorn elites, my ass! You’re nothing but a bunch of cowards who bully the weak, hiding behind empty words!” Ruby mocked mercilessly.
She utterly despised those who abused their power. Those who had no real abilities but constantly flaunted the name of their guild, using it to terrorize vulnerable people.
They were the scum of the martial world.
Jimmy gritted his teeth at the insults thrown at him, holding back his anger as best he could. However, his face had contorted into an expression of extreme disgust.
He had never been this humiliated before, but since they had powerful backgrounds, there was nothing he could do.
Coupled with the fact that it was his own wrongdoing, he could only endure the humiliation.
“Dustin, what about this guy who’s been scared shitless? What are you going to do with him?” Right then, Dalen cast a sidelong glance at Krel, who was slumped on the ground.
Krel had lost his earlier grace and strength. His face was drained of color, and his eyes held a vacant stare. Tremors occasionally shook his body, evidence of the fear that gripped him.
His disoriented demeanor clearly indicated that he had suffered a huge blow and was struggling to accept reality.
“Dustin, scumbags like him who look down on others deserve a harsh lesson. You’ve already signed a deadly duel agreement, anyway. Even if you were to crush him with the cauldron, Boulderthorn wouldn’t hold you accountable,” Miles said.
Melissa, who was beside Krel, panicked when she heard him.
“No!” She quickly stepped forward with her arms wide open, shielding Krel.
She begged, “Dus- Mr. Rhys, Krel wasn’t thinking straight earlier. I hope you don’t take it to heart. Please spare his life!”
“Spare his life? When he was terrorizing others, did he even think about sparing them?” Miles scoffed.
“That’s right!” Ruby chimed in support. “Judging from his arrogant demeanor, it’s clear that he’s not a good person. Had his opponent been anyone else, they would have been pushed to their deaths!”
It was fortunate that Dustin was strong enough to defeat Krel easily. Otherwise, who knew how far Dustin would have been bullied?
Melissa fell to her knees, begging tearfully, “Mr. Rhys, Krel has learned his lesson. He won’t make the same mistake ever again. Please, spare him! I’m begging you!”
Then, she bowed deeply, banging her head so hard on the floor that her head was bleeding within moments.
Her actions touched the hearts of many in the crowd.
“What a compassionate soul. It’s a pity she’s stuck with that kind of senior.”
“Absolutely. Before they signed the deadly duel agreement, she was constantly talking them out of it, trying to resolve their conflict. Unfortunately, her words fell on deaf ears, and she wasn’t taken seriously.”
“She’s remarkable. If I had a junior like her, I’d heed her words for sure.”
The crowd whispered among themselves as they watched Melissa’s heartfelt pleas, feeling pity for her. After all, they had witnessed everything that had happened earlier.
When Dustin and Krel clashed, it was Melissa who tried to mediate between them. Even though she failed to persuade the stubborn Krel, her kind heart had touched the hearts of many.
“Young lady, I think you’d be better off leaving Boulderthorn soon. Staying with a senior like him would only land you in trouble one day,” Miles advised.
“He’s right, and the Sword Union is recruiting too. You seem qualified. Why don’t you join our sect?” Ruby chimed in.
However, Melissa ignored them, continuing to bow and plead. She knew very well that Krel’s survival fell on Dustin’s hands.
Despite Krel’s excessive behavior, he was still her senior. She couldn’t just stand by and watch him die.
“Dustin, what do you say?” Dalen turned back to Dustin.
Dustin remained silent, still lifting the cauldron in his hand. Suddenly, he threw it forward forcefully.
Under everyone’s astonished gaze, the heavy bronze cauldron cut through the air, heading straight toward Krel.
“Oh my God! He’s going for the kill!”
“That guy is going to turn into a meat patty once the 100-thousand-pound cauldron lands on him!”
“It’s over. That Boulderthorn guy is done for!”
The crowd erupted into an uproar as they watched the flying cauldron cut through the air.
Everyone was convinced that Dustin was going all out for the kill.
“No!” Melissa’s expression shifted for the worst as she lunged toward Krel, attempting to shield him from harm.
However, it was evident that it was a futile attempt.
The ground began to shake as the heavy bronze cauldron crashed heavily onto the bluestone pavement, creating a gaping pit. The sound was deafening.
The impact sent debris flying and kicked up a cloud of dust.
Once the dust settled, everyone focused on the scene and were slightly stunned. Contrary to expectations, there was no bloodshed.
Melissa and Krel were both hunched on the ground, looking disheveled.
The mountain-sized cauldron had landed just an inch away from them. Had the cauldron landed just a bit further, that would have been the end of them.
Melissa was dumbfounded, her face pale with shock as she struggled to comprehend what had just happened.
Krel, on the other hand, trembled uncontrollably. He had wet his pants, clearly scared out of his wits.
“What a shame. I missed,” Dustin lamented, shaking his head.
With that, he turned and left, never looking back. The crowd exchanged perplexed glances in his wake.
###Chapter 2146 by Marina Vittori
Dustin left.
Leaving behind the massive cauldron, he casually walked away. His enigmatic silhouette faded into the distance. It left the crowd wondering if Krel and Melissa got lucky, or if Dustin had done it intentionally.
The crowd leaned toward the latter. After all, how could someone capable of lifting a 100-thousand-pound cauldron make such a rookie mistake?
“Thank you, Mr. Rhys!” Melissa was both moved and delighted as she watched Dustin’s retreating figure. She knew that Krel had been spared.
“Dustin, are you really going to just let him off the hook?” Dalen asked as he caught up with Dustin.
“A frightened coward is no longer a threat,” Dustin said with a faint smile. ” Besides, he’s still a Boulderthorn disciple. Killing him would only bring trouble, and I hate trouble.”
“I beg to differ. Perhaps you simply have a soft spot for beauty?” Dalen smirked.
Had it not been for Melissa’s plea and her willingness to give up her life to protect him, Krel would have met his demise much sooner.
“Dustin, hold up!” Miles, who had been lagging behind, suddenly quickened his pace and caught up to them.
He took out a gold number tag and passed it to Dustin, saying, “Dustin, this is the ID tag for Group A contestants. The judge asked me to pass it to you.”
“Thanks. I almost forgot.” Dustin received the tag with a smile.
The front of the tag bore the Sacred Wrym Summit’s mark, while the back was engraved with a bold “18”. That meant that Dustin was the 18th contestant in Group A, based on the registration order.
Only martial artists at the level of a grandmaster could join Group A. In other words, this meant there were 17 other highly skilled grandmasters ahead of Dustin.
However, being a grandmaster was merely the basic requirement. There could even be a few ultimate grandmasters among them.
It proved that competition during the Combat Tournament would be particularly intense. Standing out and emerging victorious wasn’t going to be an easy task.
“Dustin, with that ID tag, you won’t need to participate in the preliminary trials ahead. It’ll save you a lot of trouble. Now, all you need to do is conserve your strength and make a stunning performance on the day of the competition!” Miled said enthusiastically.
“This competition has brought a lot of skilled fighters together. I’m just here to join in the fun and see where I stand, “Dustin replied with a faint smile.
“You’re too humble. As long as you don’t encounter those monsters on the Legendary List, you’ll definitely rank well!” Miles declared proudly.
They never had to entertain thoughts of winning the championship since that was a game for the top legends.
It was already a significant achievement for people like them to have a chance to showcase their skills.
After all, the Combat Tournament organized by the Scared Wrym Summit had attracted talents from all over the country and held considerable prestige.
Making it into the top 100 would be a remarkable feat-they’d be highly sought after. Meanwhile, breaking into the top 10 was the coveted goal of various sects and guilds.
With Dustin’s skills, he was guaranteed to make it into the top 100. If he was lucky, he might even have a good chance to break into the top 10.
“Let’s talk about aiming for the rankings later. We have more pressing matters, and that is to deal with that assassin lurking in the shadows.”
Dalen steered the conversation back on track.
“That’s right! If we don’t root out that assassin, all of us will be in danger!”
Ruby said solemnly.
###Chapter 2147 by Marina Vittori
Vincent’s murder weighed heavily on Ruby’s mind. She knew that she wasn’t stronger than Vincent, so if the assassin could kill Vincent, then it would be just as easy for the assassin to kill her.
“We’ve already discussed our plans for luring the assassin out. Coupled with Dustin’s impressive performance during the test, I believe we’ll soon get their attention.
“Who knows, the assassin might act tonight!” Dalen said in a whisper.
“The sun has set. We should start making preparations.” Crystal looked up at the sky.
Only twilight lingered on the western horizon, and in half an hour, the land would be shrouded in darkness.
“Dustin, good luck.” Dalen’s expression was serious as he continued, “But don’t worry, I’ve contacted Quincy from the Celestial Alliance. He’ll fully support our plan.
“Once the assassin shows themselves, we’ll attack together. We won’t let you bear the risk alone.”
“Don’t worry. Since I’ve agreed to be the bait, I’ve made preparations accordingly. You just need to worry about the arrangements. There’s no need to worry about my safety,” Dustin replied with a faint smile.
“Alright. Then, we’ll proceed with our plan!” Dalen nodded and left first with the others in tow.
After the cauldron-lifting incident, Dustin’s heroic deeds would spread quickly.
Based on the assassin’s modus operandi, a young and talented martial artist like Dustin would become their primary target. They wouldn’t spare him easily.
As long as the assassin targeted Dustin, they would have a chance to capture them. And to lure out the assassin sooner, they needed to create a perfect situation for the assassin to carry out the assassination.
Although it was risky, it was worth a try.
Night soon fell.
Inside the tavern, Dustin sat by the window, drinking alone. His face was flushed, and he appeared slightly intoxicated.
As the night grew deeper, the streets outside grew desolate, with few pedestrians wandering about. The chilly wind rustled the tree branches as leaves fluttered to the ground.
“Dustin, any sightings?” came Dalen’s voice through Dustin’s earpiece.
In order to avoid alerting the enemy, Dalen and his group had hidden themselves well, communicating only through earpieces.
“I haven’t noticed anyone suspicious for now,” Dustin whispered.
“How is that possible? It’s well past midnight. Why hasn’t the assassin shown up? Could they have caught wind of our plan?” Ruby’s voice could be heard from the earpiece.
“That’s impossible! Only a few of us are aware of the plan. It couldn’t have been leaked!” Dalen denied it immediately.
Aside from a few key members, nobody knew what they were up to.
“Could it be that the assassin doesn’t consider Dustin their target?” Crystal spoke up.
“That’s hard to say. The enemy isn’t aware of our plan. Right now, all we can do is wait patiently and hope the assassin takes the bait,” Dalen sounded resigned.
Even though their plan was to lure the assassin out, there was no guarantee they could apprehend them.
They still needed luck on their side and could only hope the assassin would present them with a good opportunity.
“Wait! I’ve spotted a suspicious target approaching the tavern!” Miles exclaimed suddenly, getting everyone’s attention.
###Chapter 2148 by Marina Vittori
“Where’s the target? How far are they from the tavern?”
Dalen’s voice raised a couple of decibels in the earpiece, evidently excited. Besides the elite fighters lying in ambush, there were also numerous scouts lurking around the tavern, with Miles being one of them.
If there was any movement, they would be the first to know.
“At the entrance to East Alley, about 200 meters away from the tavern,” Miles’ voice rang out once more, accurately pinpointing the location.
“What are they wearing?” Dalen asked.
“Looks like they’re dressed in black with a mask. It’s hard to see clearly from this distance.”
Since it was already dark, visibility was low, making it difficult to make out the details.
“That should be the assassin!” Dalen lowered his voice. “Everyone, listen to my command. Once the assassin gets close enough, we’ll surround him immediately and have him apprehended!”
After a long, anxious wait, they finally caught sight of the assassin.
Dustin glanced outside the window as he listened to the voices through his earpiece. Just as they mentioned, a blurry figure had appeared at the entrance of East Alley.
The figure moved slowly, hiding within the darkness. Occasionally, he would glance around, appearing highly vigilant.
Suddenly, the figure seemed to notice something and stopped in his tracks, remaining motionless.
After standing still for a good three minutes, the figure turned and picked up the pace, leaving without hesitation.
“Oh no! He’s heading back!” Miles suddenly exclaimed.
“What? He’s heading back? Has our cover been blown?” Ruby asked.
“He’s too vigilant. He must have caught onto something,” Miles explained.
“Mr. Shade, what do we do now? Do we go after him?” Crystal asked.
“This is our only chance. Get him!” Dalen didn’t hesitate and gave the order to attack. He knew that if they missed this opportunity, their chances of apprehending the assassin again would be slim to none.
“Charge!” Following Dalen’s command, the elite fighters lying in ambush came out of hiding and rushed toward the figure.
Upon realizing he was being ambushed, he immediately sprinted away at once with astonishing speed.
The martial artists chased after the figure while also taking shortcuts to encircle their target. For a moment, the alley was bustling with noise-footsteps, shouts, and curses filled the air.
Dustin remained in the tavern. Looking out the window at the receding crowd, he was deep in thought.
Instead of joining the chase, he continued drinking. He had a feeling that the figure wasn’t the real assassin. If Dalen’s intel was accurate, the real assassin should bear congenital defects.
Even though they were extremely skilled, their movements would have betrayed some level of clumsiness due to their physical constraints.
Yet, the person who just fled exhibited agility without any discernible impairments. Therefore, it was highly unlikely that they weren’t the true assassin.
It was, however, possible that they were an accomplice to the assassin. That raised the question-if the assassin wasn’t here, where would they be hiding?
Suddenly, a slow, rhythmic sound of footsteps echoed from behind Dustin.
The tavern, now empty, felt eerily quiet, with only Dustin seated alone. Even the slightest sound of footsteps seemed jarring.
“Hmm?” Dustin’s head snapped at the noise.
###Chapter 2149 by Marina Vittori
Dustin saw a masked man in black with a sword in both hands as he walked up the stairs slowly.
“Are you Dustin?” the man in black grunted.
“That’s me.” Dustin nodded.
“You had a pretty good plan to lure us out, but unfortunately, we saw right through it.”
The man in black sneered. “You’re all alone now without any help. Only death awaits you.”
“Likewise. You may not necessarily gain the upper hand in a one-on-one fight against me,” Dustin remarked flatly.
“Who said I’m going to fight you alone?
“The man in black chuckled before clapping twice.
As soon as the claps rang out, two figures suddenly leaped through the windows on either side. Two more masked assassins dressed in black had appeared.
The three of them stood in formation. They weren’t only dressed the same but were also similar in height and build, making it difficult to distinguish between them.
“Three against one. We have the advantage now.” The man in black in the middle smirked.
“Who exactly are you? Why are you killing elite disciples of various sects?” Dustin asked calmly.
He had initially thought that there was only one assassin. He didn’t expect them to be part of an organized group. It seemed like the situation was far graver than he had anticipated.
“Who we are is none of your concern. Besides, you’re a dead man walking. Why bother asking so many questions?
“The man in black sneered.
“It doesn’t matter if you won’t tell me now. You’ll confess soon enough.” Dustin got up slowly, his gaze turning cold.
“Kill him!” the man in black ordered without hesitation.
The two assassins on either side drew their swords simultaneously. With a light step, they transformed into two blurred shadows and charged at Dustin.
Their attacks were so fast that ordinary divine-level marital artists would struggle to follow their movements.
In the face of the attacks, Dustin kicked over a table and retreated toward the window before gracefully launching himself out onto the streets below.
Meanwhile, the table he had kicked spun through the air, hurtling towards the two assassins. Only the sound of splintering wood could be heard as the two assassins tore the wooden table into pieces with their sword aura.
“Get him!” The three assassins launched themselves in pursuit immediately upon Dustin’s escape. However, as soon as they landed outside, they halted abruptly.
They realized that instead of fleeing, Dustin appeared to be waiting, standing still about 30 feet in front of them.
“What? Realized you can’t escape, so you gave up struggling?” the man in black in the middle taunted.
“Escape?” Dustin shook his head with a smile. “Who said I was trying to escape? I was just worried about damaging things inside the tavern and having to pay for them later.”
“You’re dying soon, but you’re worried about trivialities?” The man in black thought Dustin was a fool.
“What can I say? I have a sense of responsibility.” Dustin shrugged.
“You imbecile! I’ll send you to your demise right now!” The man’s frustration grew irrational at Dustin’s indifference, prompting him to swiftly draw his sword and lunge at Dustin.
The two other assassins followed suit, launching their own attacks. For a moment, slashes rained around them, and the wind howled.
###Chapter 2150 by Marina Vittori
Dustin didn’t dodge when the three assassins attacked him. He simply lifted his foot and lightly stomped the ground.
A dull thud resounded as his foot left a deep imprint in the ground.
At the same time, a surge of powerful energy burst forth from his body, and it quickly formed a translucent protective shield in front of him.
The three assassins swung their swords, but they struck the shield instead.
A low hum filled the air, accompanied by a deep rumble.
Despite their relentless efforts, the assassins couldn’t breach the shield. All they managed to do was push it back by a mere three inches.
Dustin’s protective shield was as strong as steel wire mesh. Even when swords pierced and bent it, it remained intact.
“What?” The man in black’s face went white when he saw his attacks weren’t working.
After taking a miracle cure earlier, he reached the level of grandmaster. Armed with a shadowsteel sword, he was accompanied by two elites halfway to becoming grandmasters.
The man in black thought Dustin wouldn’t stand a chance against their attacks without strong defensive gear.
To his surprise, Dustin could effortlessly block their attacks with only his energy armor. It left him wondering just how powerful Dustin really was.
“Break it!”
The man in black refused to back down. With a furious roar, he summoned all his energy and thrust forward with all his might to break through Dustin’s defense.
The other two assassins aided the attack upon seeing this.
The three swords trembled violently and unleashed waves of sword aura toward the protective shield. As the tips of the swords pressed against the translucent barrier, they edged closer to Dustin’s chest, now a mere foot away.
The three assassins clenched their teeth and gripped the sword hilt tightly as they kicked against the ground with all their might, aiming to intensify their assault.
However, the protective shield remained intact despite the ground crumbling beneath them and sweat drenching their faces.
Dustin didn’t even budge an inch and stood there with a calm expression.
After a minute of stalemate, he finally made a move. He slowly raised his hand and flicked at the protective shield before him.
A powerful shockwave surged as the shield erupted with a thunderous explosion.
The three swords immediately shattered into fragments. The assassins were hurled six miles away and landed hard on the ground, coughing up blood.
They were left incapacitated, unable to rise to their feet.
“You probably won’t be able to kill Aldric with your skills,” Dustin said. He stood with his hands behind his back and looked at the three assassins.
Although Aldric may come off as arrogant, he possessed exceptional swordsmanship and had achieved advanced cultivation. At a young age, he had already attained the rank of grandmaster.
After all, the man in black was the only assassin who could be considered a grandmaster, while the other two were far from reaching that level.
Even with their combined strength, they stood no chance against someone as skilled as Aldric.
“You… you’re so strong? Who are you?” The man in black, clutching his chest, looked incredulous.
Just one blow had left all three of them severely wounded and coughing up blood. Dustin’s strength far surpassed his expectations.
“Huh? You didn’t even bother to check me out before launching your attack?”
Dustin scoffed.
“We knew about your feat of lifting the cauldron. That’s why the organization sent the three of us. We just didn’t expect…” The man paused, unsure what to say.
“You didn’t expect that I’m as tough as nails, and the three of you couldn’t budge me, huh?” Dustin smirked.
The man in black remained silent. His expression shifted between gloom and uncertainty. He had to admit that their organization had made a grave error in judgment, leading them to underestimate their opponent.
If they had known how strong Dustin was, they would have sent that beast instead.
Dustin said sternly, “Okay, let’s cut to the chase. I’m not going to waste any more time on this.
“You’ve got two options-either you spill the beans willingly, or I’ll have to resort to more drastic measures to get the information out of you. It’s your call.”
The man in black sneered. “Hmph! Do you think you’ve won? Well, let me tell you, anyone we set our sights on doesn’t make it out alive!”
He reached into his pocket and retrieved a signal flare. With a swift motion, he pulled the tab and aimed it skyward.
The red distress signal shot straight up into the sky, reaching about 300 feet before erupting with a thunderous explosion.
A dazzling display of fireworks burst forth in the night sky, mesmerizing and lingering for a long while.
In an instant, everyone’s attention within a radius of approximately six miles was drawn to this spectacle.
Meanwhile, a group of shadowy figures lurking near the Sacred Wrym Summit began to advance toward the source of the signal. These individuals were hidden assassins.
“Calling for backup?” Dustin raised his head and watched the fireworks with a smirk. He had been wondering how to take down this assassin organization.
Things would be easier for him now. With that signal, he didn’t need to look for them since they would come to him.
The man in black barked, “Hey kid, see this distress signal? It’s how we notified our organization. Soon, our members will be swarming in. If I were you, I’d leave now. ‘Cause once they show up, you’re toast!”
He didn’t warn Dustin because he cared but because he was worried about himself. After all, he knew he couldn’t win the fight, so his best shot was to intimidate Dustin into backing off.
“Honestly, I wasn’t sure where to find you at first. But now, you’ve walked right into my trap.” Dustin smirked slightly.
The man in black sneered. “Kid, don’t get too confident. Sure, you’ve got some skills, but our organization is filled with top-notch elites.
“There are plenty of others who are way more skilled than you. You’re just a pawn. Can you bring down our entire organization? In your dreams.”
They were bold enough to stir up trouble near the Sacred Wrym Summit, showing they had the power and confidence to support their actions.
How could they hope to face the whole martial world if they couldn’t handle a single kid? And achieving their big goals seemed impossible if they couldn’t manage this small challenge.
###Chapter 2151 by Marina Vittori
“Oh yeah? Let’s wait and see who wins in the end.” Dustin smiled faintly, but his eyes conveyed a chilling indifference.
Though he didn’t know the identity of these assassins, he could tell they were Dragonmarsh’s enemies.
“Hmph! Kid, I hope you don’t regret this!” The man in black sneered at Dustin. His expression suggested that Dustin’s days were numbered.
To him, Dustin was the epitome of ignorance and arrogance. He was overly dependent on his skills and prone to reckless behavior.
The man in black was convinced that Dustin was unaware that there were always stronger individuals out there. After all, there was always a bigger fish in the sea.
Moreover, Dustin was just a young man in his 20s. So, no matter how talented he was, the man in black knew Dustin couldn’t be compared to the renowned Old Beast.
“Whether I regret it or not, you’ll find out soon enough. But before that happens, I must deal with the three of you.” Dustin slowly approached the three assassins.
“You… What are you going to do with us?” The man in black’s face paled. ” You better not mess around. Once our reinforcements arrive, you’ll wish you were dead!”
“Why are you so nervous? I’m not going to kill you. At least not until your reinforcements show up,” Dustin said and waved his hand.
Three silver needles shot out from his sleeve and accurately hit the three assassins’ necks. Instantly, they were rendered immobile.
“Quick! Move faster! Don’t let any suspicious individuals get away.”
Following the shout, a group of righteous martial artists chasing the assassins returned in full force.
Despite their efforts to surround and capture the assassin, they ended up with nothing, as the assassin escaped by jumping into the river.
“Look! There are three men in black over there!”
The other martial artists spotted the trio alongside Dustin and hurried over to him.
When they saw Dustin unscathed and the three assassins subdued, the martial artists couldn’t contain their astonishment and respect.
Despite their numbers, they had failed to capture even one assassin, yet Dustin had single-handedly subdued three.
Evidently, there was a stark contrast in skills between Dustin and them.
“Dustin, are you okay?”
After receiving the news, Dalen and his group rushed back immediately.
They finally realized they had fallen for the assassins’ diversionary tactic. Using one assassin to lure them away and try to assassinate Dustin was quite cunning.
Yet, they were relieved that Dustin was strong enough to subdue the three assassins successfully. Otherwise, the consequences would have been dire.
“I’m fine. These three little pests couldn’t touch me.” Dustin shook his head.
Upon hearing Dustin calling them little pests, the man in black gritted his teeth, visibly annoyed.
As a grandmaster martial artist, he was a key member of his organization. Yet, he was treated with such disdain. How frustrating.
“Good to hear you’re alright.” Dalen sighed and was overwhelmed by guilt. ” My plan went awry and nearly got you killed. I’m truly sorry.”
His initial plan involved Dustin acting as bait to draw out the assassins and then ambush them together.
However, they were outsmarted by the assassins. Not only did they fail to capture anyone, but they also endangered Dustin in the process. It was unquestionably a double failure.
“No, your plan seems solid, but it’s the people we need to watch out for.”
Dustin shook his head slightly.
“You mean… there’s a traitor among us?
“Dalen’s eyebrows shot up as he quickly understood the situation.
He found it surprising that despite their seemingly flawless plan, the assassin had fled before entering the ambush circle.
Upon further reflection, Dalen finally realized it was likely due to someone leaking information from within their group.
There weren’t many people who knew the detailed plan, but there were plenty of martial artists participating in the ambush. If an investigation were to be launched, suspicion would fall on each of them.
“Dustin, we owe it to you tonight. Otherwise, our efforts would have been in vain.”
At that moment, Quincy stepped out from the crowd, followed by several elite members of the Celestial Alliance.
Most of the martial artists participating in the ambush had been gathered by Quincy.
As the guardian of the Celestial Alliance, he wielded significant influence, possessed formidable skills, and boasted extensive connections. Whatever decision he made was sure to garner widespread support.
Moreover, the murder of Vincent, also known as Spearhawk, had angered the Celestial Alliance.
The faction had granted Quincy special authority to hunt down the assassin. Hence, he showed his unwavering determination not to let the perpetrator escape easily.
“Elder Douglas, you’re too kind. I just got lucky and caught three mice.” Dustin nodded slightly. His words were neither humble nor arrogant.
Quincy replied, “Dustin, there’s no need for modesty. Your strength speaks volumes. These assassins aren’t your average enemies. Even I might not have been able to capture them. You subduing three of them is impressive.”
Then, he raised his hand and said, ” Come and take those three men. Use whatever means necessary to extract information about the mastermind behind them!”
“Yes, sir!”
Several elite members of the Celestial Alliance behind him responded and stepped forward to take the three assassins away.
“Hold on.”
Suddenly, Dustin raised his hand to stop them. “Elder Douglas, tonight’s business isn’t over yet. These three mice still have their uses.”
Quincy raised an eyebrow and asked curiously, “Oh? Do you have a plan?”
“Elder Douglas, did you notice the distress signal earlier?” Dustin replied.
“Yes. I saw it and rushed here with the reinforcements. Wait, are you implying that you didn’t set it off?” Quincy looked puzzled.
“But I don’t have any signal flare with me. He’s the one who set it off.”
Dustin pointed at the man in black and added, “This guy is a coward. After I injured him, he fired off the signal flare for backup. I reckon all the assassins within a ten-mile radius are probably on their way here.”
“Are you suggesting…” Quincy rubbed his chin, unsure of Dustin’s intentions.
“Well, instead of playing hide and seek with them, why not confront them head -on?” Dustin said firmly, “What I mean is, we’ll use these three mice as bait and wipe out all the assassins who come rushing in!”
Upon hearing that, Quincy’s expression changed slightly.
He thought Dustin had the nerves of steel. Did he think they could take down the whole assassin organization with just a handful of men?
He was playing with fire. One slip-up and it would be game over for all of them!
###Chapter 2152 by Marina Vittori
“Dustin, we don’t know how many people there are in this assassin organization. Isn’t this too risky?” Quincy appeared hesitant.
Before laying the ambush, he thought there was just one assassin. Now, however, he realized there was a whole group.
Handling a lone assassin was manageable since they could kill him with their numbers. But facing a group of assassins was an entirely different scenario.
After all, these assassins were extremely strong, well beyond the caliber of ordinary martial artists. Moreover, as a temporary team, they had a significant skill gap.
Engaging in direct combat might not tip the scales in their favor. Even if they emerged victorious, the casualties would likely be significant.
So, Quincy wasn’t sure whether to engage in a life-or-death struggle with this group of desperados.
“Elder Douglas, tonight is our best chance to uproot this assassin organization. If we miss it, it’ll be hard to catch them next time,” Dustin said solemnly.
The assassins’ strength lay in their ability to strike from the shadows. He knew they wouldn’t have the advantage if they engaged them openly.
On the contrary, if they played hide and seek with them, they would likely be defeated individually.
“I understand the logic, but I don’t think we can win with our current strength.” Quincy frowned.
“If you’re not confident, then please call for reinforcements. It’d be best to bring in elites from Sacred Wrym Summit,” Dustin suggested.
“But going now might not be feasible.” Quincy sighed.
The small town they were in was at least a half-hour to and from Sacred Wrym Summit. It might be too late when they brought the elites over.
“Elder Douglas, go ahead and call for backup. I’ll do my best to buy us some time,” Dustin assured.
“What about them?” Quincy glanced around. “I’ve called them here and am responsible for their safety, too.”
“You’re right,” Dustin said calmly. “I won’t force anyone. Those who wish to stay can stay. If you want to leave, no one’s stopping you.”
After all, having assistance would be ideal, but he would still manage if he had to face the enemy alone.
“Everyone, did you hear that?” Quincy spoke up loudly. “Those willing to stand with Dustin against the enemy, raise your hands. The rest will follow me to the Sacred Wrym Summit.”
Upon hearing that, everyone fell silent. They looked at each other and began to hesitate.
Most of them were brought here by Quincy and should logically follow him. But fleeing without a fight would tarnish their reputations.
“Everyone, there’s no need to feel pressured. It’s entirely up to you whether you stay or leave,” Dustin said.
Seeing nobody respond, the man in black, whose acupoints were sealed, couldn’t help but scoff. “You fools are nothing but scattered ants. How do you plan to take us on?”
Dustin said nothing and waited for the others to respond. After all, fighting against the assassin organization wasn’t a one-man job-it required everyone’s effort.
Moreover, these assassins specifically targeted elite martial artists of Dragonmarsh. Hence, it would threaten the lives of most people present.
If they stayed, the outcome would only end in defeat. This was a principle everyone understood, but how many were willing to take the risk?
Many thought they could get away with things, believing someone would save them even if something bad happened. Little did they know if one one fell, they all fell.
Dalen raised his hand and said loudly, ” These assassins have committed countless atrocities, indiscriminately killing innocents. As disciples of noble sects, it’s our duty to uphold justice. I’m willing to stay and fight alongside Dustin!”
“That’s right! Punishing evil and upholding justice are our responsibilities. I’m also willing to stand by Dustin and face death together!” Miles raised his hand high.
“Count me in,” Crystal said curtly and raised her hand.
“Me too! Me too!” Ruby exclaimed eagerly, brandishing her sword in anticipation of the fight.
After all, she didn’t want to miss out on having a chance to fight and show off her skills.
“We’re staying too.” Laurel and Willow raised their hands in unison.
With these people volunteering, the atmosphere heated up.
“Damn it! Isn’t it just a fight? Who’s afraid of who? If those assassins dare to show up, I’ll take them down!”
“Guys, we’re all armed. We’re not a bunch of cowards, are we?”
“That’s enough! I’m staying here tonight. Let’s see who dares to come!”
Some passionate youngsters chimed in and raised their hands one after another. After all, they were new to the martial world. So, they were filled with courage and a sense of heroism.
On the contrary, some veteran martial artists hesitated and weighed the pros and cons.
“It seems the decision has been made.” Dustin glanced around. “Elder Douglas, time is of the essence. Please make haste.”
“Be careful, everyone. If things go south, retreat immediately. Stall for time and wait for reinforcements,” Quincy cautioned solemnly.
“Got it.” Dustin nodded.
“Let’s go! We need to get reinforcements from Sacred Wrym Summit!”
Quincy didn’t waste any time. After rallying a group of martial artists, they set off toward the Sacred Wrym Summit.
There were about 50 people who had participated in the ambush earlier. Quincy took 20 with him, leaving Dustin with about 30. Together, they still formed a considerable force.
“To all the heroes and righteous individuals here, I admire your courage!
“Dustin turned and bowed to the remaining crowd.
He continued, “Please, scatter around and lay low. Wait for the right moment.
“Okay!” the martial artists replied and quickly dispersed.
Only Dalen and a few others remained by Dustin’s side to provide support.
“Dustin, looks like we’re in for a big fight tonight.” Dalen stood with hands behind his back with a calm expression.
“I’m starting to regret this,” Dustin said suddenly. “What if we can’t handle them?”
“Hey, this is no time to be pessimistic. We’re all counting on you!” Miles exclaimed nervously, his eyes wide with fear.
“Don’t worry. I’m just joking to lighten the mood.” Dustin chuckled.
“That’s not exactly lightening the mood, you know? You’re scaring us!” Dalen looked at him strangely.
The others exchanged looks, unsure whether to laugh or cry.
“They’re here!”
Crystal’s eyes narrowed as she drew her sword.
###Chapter 2153 by Marina Vittori
“They’re here!” Crystal said, and soon, black figures emerged around the tavern.
These figures were scattered in pairs or small groups. Some perched on rooftops, some lurked at street corners, others hid among the trees, and a few even stood on lampposts.
Their movements were as quiet and nimble as stealthy cats. At the same time, their precise positioning effectively sealed off all entrances and exits.
From an aerial perspective, they had inadvertently formed a large circle surrounding Dustin and the others.
After all, these black figures were skilled assassins who had promptly reacted to the distress signal.
In just two minutes after their arrival, they formed the encirclement. It showcased their exceptional training.
“Damn it! So many assassins showed up. Looks like we’re in for a tough fight tonight.”
Miles slowly drew his sword and vigilantly looked at the surrounding black figures. Over a dozen assassins were out in the open, and he suspected more were hiding in the shadows.
After all, these assassins were elites as each possessed extraordinary skills far superior to the martial artists present. If it came down to a brawl, Miles knew they might not be able to defeat them.
“It’s been a while since I’ve had a good fight. I’m curious to see what these assassins are capable of,” Ruby said, drawing her sword. She was eager for action.
As someone new to the martial world, she hadn’t encountered anything dangerous. Yet, instead of fear, she exuded a bold, almost naive confidence.
The prospect of life-or-death combat excited her more than anything else. After years of dedicated training, today was her chance to unleash her skills and prove herself.
“I’m not one to pick fights, but it seems like I’ve got no choice today,” Dalen said, swinging his folding fan downward. Then, a sharp blade sprang out from the tip of the fan.
“Fools! Do you think outnumbering us gives you an advantage? Dream on!” the man in black said with a sneer.
He added, “Let me spell it out-we’re all top-tier elites, trained through hellish regimes. Dealing with the likes of you is child’s play!”
“Cut the chatter.” Dalen frowned and tapped at the man in black’s throat, silencing him. He had enough of the man’s nonsense.
Suddenly, an assassin spoke from atop the roof. “Release my men, and I might spare your lives.”
The speaker was a tall man clad in black, wielding a giant sword. Embroidered on his chest was the image of a majestic lion. It added to his imposing presence.
He was the leader of The Fangs, an assassin group, and the formidable late -stage grandmaster known by the code name Predator.
“Is your entire organization here?” Dustin asked.
“Hmph! Dealing with small fry like you doesn’t require our entire organization, “Predator retorted icily.
“Does that mean you have other plans? “Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“Kid! Don’t play games with me. I’ll give you one last chance. Let our men go now or die!” Predator slowly raised his giant sword and pointed it squarely at Dustin with a lethal glare.
“Your men are right here. If you have the guts, come and save them yourself, “Dustin said as he kicked the man in black to the ground and stepped on his chest.
“You’re asking for it!” The Predator’s eyes narrowed, and he roared, “Kill them!” 6
“Attack!”
###Chapter 2154 by Marina Vittori
Upon hearing the command, over a dozen assassins immediately charged forward with their swords drawn.
These assassins were swift and incredibly agile. They darted and weaved in unpredictable patterns, making it difficult to track their movements.
Their unpredictable footwork was honed through hellish training. It was specifically designed to counter long- range attacks and had become almost instinctual for them.
“Everyone! Attack!”
As the assassins launched their assault, martial artists in the vicinity drew their weapons and charged into the battle.
“Let’s take them on!” Dalen shouted, charging forward with a bladed folding fan.
Crystal and the others followed closely behind. They quickly formed a flying wedge to create a simple offensive formation.
The sudden ambush briefly threw the assassins into chaos, but they quickly regained control. Swiftly, they divided into two groups to attack the enemies from front and rear.
The clash erupted instantly as both sides engaged in combat. However, only two figures stood still and observed the fight unfold.
One was Dustin, and the other was Predator standing on the rooftop.
As they locked eyes, the intensity of their mutual hostility filled the air. around them. An invisible pressure from their confrontation seemed to freeze the atmosphere in a 32-foot radius.
“Kill them! Let’s show these guys our might!”
With a roar, a young martial artist swung his long sword, channeling all his might into the powerful strike. But in an instant, a flash of steel cut through the air, and the assassin in black darted past him. 1
The young martial artist froze in shock, his eyes widening as his sword slipped from his grasp and clattered to the ground. Moments later, his head followed suit, hitting the ground with a thud.
The battle raged on relentlessly.
Despite being outnumbered, the assassins had the upper hand with their strength and hellish training. Unfazed by pain or the looming death, they unleashed their strikes with lethal precision.
In contrast, the martial artists from Dragonmarsh were mostly young and inexperienced. With limited strength and combat expertise, they relied heavily on their unyielding determination.
But soon enough, they found themselves outmatched. The situation looked grim as they struggled to keep up.
“Hmm?” Dustin couldn’t help but furrow his brow at the unfolding scene.
Assassins usually excelled at sneak attacks, but he hadn’t expected them to be so proficient in direct combat. If the martial artists continued to fight at this level, Dustin knew they would soon be wiped out.
With unwavering resolve, Dustin extended his hand and effortlessly summoned a long sword from the ground. Then, he blurred into motion and charged headlong into the battleground.
“Hey, kid! Your opponent is me!”
As Dustin sprang into action, so did Predator.
Predator stepped forward and launched himself into the air like a cannonball. Gripping the sword tightly with both hands, he aimed a distant slash at Dustin.
A fiery red sword aura burst forth, leaving a long trail in its wake and illuminating the entire street.
The sword aura, spanning over 30 feet, resembled a towering giant blade. Its speed was akin to a meteor crashing to earth, carrying an unstoppable momentum as it bore down on Dustin.
“Dustin, look out!” Dalen and the others exclaimed, their expressions turned pale.
They hadn’t anticipated Predator to possess such terrifying strength. His strike seemed capable of rending heaven and earth apart.
###Chapter 2155 by Marina Vittori
Predator had reached the late-stage grandmaster. So, his strength was comparable to that of the guildmasters of major guilds in Dragonmarsh.
With a single swing of his sword, the power and destructive force were so terrifying that it sent shivers down the spines of Dalen and the others.
Their greatest concern was the possibility that Dustin might not be able to withstand Predator’s onslaught and end up being killed.
Seeing the giant sword aura descending toward him, Dustin acted without hesitation. He swiftly raised his hand and countered with an upward strike.
A thick white sword aura appeared, clashing with the red sword aura.
Dustin’s white sword aura spanned a mere three feet, dwarfed by the Predator’s red sword aura, which stretched over 30 feet.
The odds seemed overwhelmingly against him, like an ant challenging an elephant. However, Dustin’s white sword aura effortlessly shattered the Predator’s red sword aura upon collision.
A deafening blast followed as the white sword aura pierced through the red one like a bullet. Continuing its trajectory, it aimed directly at the airborne Predator.
“What?” Predator’s expression paled, and he immediately raised his giant sword to block.
The collision between the white sword aura and the giant sword ignited a shower of sparks. The powerful impact sent Predator hurtling toward the ground. His body crashed with a resounding thud.
Upon impact, his feet struck the ground, creating a deep crater. Spiderweb cracks radiated from the center of the pit, extending across the ground in a 30-foot radius.
“Holy crap!” Miles exclaimed. “Dustin blocked the attack?” He couldn’t help but be amazed by the sight.
When Predator’s giant sword descended, it seemed like a mountain was crashing down on Dustin. Miles thought that Dustin would be crushed like a bug.
However, to his astonishment, Dustin effortlessly deflected the attack with a simple sword move.
“Dustin didn’t block it. But he knocked the opponent back!” Dalen exclaimed with a mix of surprise and delight.
He continued, “Though his strike wasn’t very powerful, it was incredibly precise and solid. By prioritizing precision over force, he deflected the attack. That catches the other man off guard and knocks him back!”
Dustin’s consistent ability to defy expectations was remarkable. Whenever danger arose, he adeptly turned the tables and regained control of the situation.
He was truly skilled at hiding his true abilities.
“Move aside!”
Dustin didn’t pursue further confrontation after knocking Predator back with his sword strike. Instead, he raised his sword and charged into the crowd to deal with the black-clad assassins.
He knew that dragging the battle would only raise the death toll on their side.
“Bring it on!”
Two of the black-clad assassins saw Dustin charging toward them. They wasted no time and lunged at him. With their swords drawn, one attacked from the left and the other from the right.
Their movements were swift as lightning, and their strikes were lethal. The surrounding martial artists could barely track their actions. All they witnessed was a blur as the two a?sassins swiftly passed by.
Dustin didn’t evade and confronted the assault head-on. He raised his sword to counter their attacks.
With a clang, the assassins’ swords snapped in two, stunning them. “Huh?”
Before they could react, Dustin had already sliced through their necks with his second strike. As the sword flashed past, both assassins stiffened and remained motionless. In the next moment, their heads rolled off their shoulders, and blood splattered everywhere.
“How dare you kill my men? I’ll make you regret ever meeting me!” Predator roared furiously as he witnessed his two top assassins being slaughtered.
With a thunderous stomp, he charged at Dustin like a cannonball. With every step, deep imprints were left on the ground. His explosive power was truly astounding.
“Go to hell!”
As Predator closed in, he tightened his grip on the giant sword and swung it downward at Dustin.
The strike was imbued with a controlled sword aura, concealing its intensity while still carrying impressive sharpness and weight.
The air warped as the blade sliced through, and the ground trembled under its force.
However, Dustin remained unfazed by Predator’s attack. Without even glancing in his direction, Dustin effortlessly swept his sword backward.
The collision of the two blades sent sparks flying, accompanied by a sudden burst of energy that swept outward like a raging storm.
Dustin stood firm despite his robes billowing and hair standing on end.
In contrast, Predator grunted as each impact pushed his burly frame backward. His hands trembled uncontrollably as he struggled to maintain his grip on the sword.
“How is this even possible?” Predator’s eyes widened in disbelief.
Dustin gained the upper hand in the initial clash with his superior skill and technique, defeating Predator’s sword aura. However, as the battle progressed, it evolved into a test of skill and strength.
Predator possessed Divine Strength and used a giant sword with exceptional ferocity. His prowess was unmatched, particularly in head-on confrontations where he seemed unrivaled.
He was confident that a single swing of his sword would kill Dustin. Yet, he was taken aback when Dustin effortlessly pushed him back several feet with a single strike.
This undeniable show of strength demonstrated that Dustin’s power surpassed Predator’s.
“Go to hell!”
After knocking the Predator back with one strike, Dustin wasted no time. He swiftly attacked the assassins in the crowd.
With two swift slashes, two black-clad assassins couldn’t react before Dustin’s sword aura tore them apart.
“Ah! I’ll fucking kill you!” Predator roared furiously as he witnessed his subordinates being cut down. Disregarding everything else, he grabbed his giant sword and swung it recklessly.
The sword, over six feet in length, sliced through the air with each ferocious swing and stirred up powerful gusts of wind.
It whipped debris into the air, sending sand and stones flying within 30 feet and momentarily halting Dustin’s advance.
“Tempest Sword Rage!” Predator roared as he launched into a spinning frenzy with his giant sword.
Sword shadows materialized around him, seemingly conjured from thin air. With each rotation, he picked up speed and ferocity, resembling a spinning top.
Soon, his sword transformed into a swirling vortex of wind and blades. The storm, composed of razor-sharp sword aura, initially towered over 30 feet tall, began to expand.
Wherever it swept through, devastation followed. Even the ground was scarred deeply, leaving behind a trail of destruction.
“What… What the heck is that?”
“Quick! Get out of the way, and don’t go near it!”
Seeing the terrifying tornado, everyone scattered in fear.
Unfortunately, one martial artist failed to dodge in time and was pulled into the vortex.
In an instant, the swirling sword aura surrounding him shredded his body like a meat grinder. All that remained was blood and flesh strewn across the ground.
###Chapter 2156 by Marina Vittori
At that moment, Predator transformed into a terrifying bladestorm with his giant sword. Wherever the storm swept, man or would be torn to shreds without mercy.
The two warring parties, previously locked in fierce combat, were scattered and forced to stop fighting in the face of the relentless onslaught.
This indiscriminate attack showed no mercy, sparing neither friend nor foe. Anyone caught in its path was doomed to certain death, a fate everyone desperately avoided.
With each passing moment, the bladestorm intensified, growing larger and swirling faster as it approached Dustin.
“Hmm?” Dustin’s eyebrow arched in surprise.
Predator’s move unleashed devastation that surpassed Dustin’s cultivation. If used on the battlefield, it would be a deadly weapon capable of wreaking havoc.
Even in one-on-one combat among the grandmasters, only a few could withstand such an attack. Dustin couldn’t help but admit that Predator. was indeed skilled.
“Cross Slash!” Dustin immediately raised his hand and countered the howling bladestorm with two strikes.
Two white sword auras shot out simultaneously, converging to form a cross-shaped attack aimed at the bladestorm.
With a deafening explosion, energy surged, and sword aura scattered. Upon impact, Dustin’s cross-shaped sword aura exploded into a shower of sparks.
At that moment, powerful shock waves radiated outward in all directions, resembling a tidal wave. Darkness enveloped the sky as sand and stones were sent flying.
The martial artists and the black-clad assassins were forced to retreat as neither side dared to draw near.
Soon after, the storm gradually subsided, leaving the area within a 100- foot radius in ruins. The once solid rocky ground had been transformed into a funnel-shaped crater.
At that moment, Dustin stood stoically at the edge of the pit. His pristine white clothes were dust-free, and he radiated a suave charm like a dashing gentleman.
In contrast, Predator stood raggedly within the pit and panted heavily. The giant sword in his hands remained defensive in front of him. It trembled slightly from the residual energy from the earlier encounter.
Unexpectedly, a cross-shaped bloodstain marred Predator’s chest. The wound was deep, nearly exposing bone, with blood flowing from it. Predator had been defeated, and his injuries were severe after the last clash.
“What? How is this possible?” The man in black’s eyes widened in disbelief.
Predator wasn’t just the leader of The Fangs. He was one of the top assassins in the organization and ranked among the top five in terms of strength.
The man in black had anticipated that Predator’s deadly bladestorm move would kill Dustin. However, Dustin’s ” Cross Slash” technique shattered the bladestorm and inflicted severe wounds on Predator.
Despite this outcome, the man in black couldn’t comprehend how someone in their 20s like Dustin could possess such incredible strength. Even the toughest beasts on the Legendary List paled in comparison to Dustin.
At that moment, shock spread beyond the man in black to the other assassins. They all wore expressions of utter disbelief. They never imagined their undefeated leader would lose so miserably.
“Haha! Well done!” Miles exclaimed, breaking the brief silence with an unusually enthusiastic expression.
These formidable black-clad assassins proved to be tough opponents. Despite outnumbering them, Miles knew they were at a disadvantage in the battle.
Fortunately, Dustin’s remarkable skills prevailed and led to the defeat of the assassins’ leader. This victory boosted the morale of the martial artists.
“As expected of Dustin, he has never let us down.” Dalen sighed in relief.
“I have to admit, this kid has some serious skills.” Ruby nodded approvingly. Her initial disdain for Dustin had gradually turned into admiration.
“Hold on! Did any of you notice something off about the assassins’ leader?” Crystal’s expression turned serious as if she’d caught onto something important.
“Off? What do you mean?” Ruby seemed puzzled.
“With that deep wound across his chest, it’s obvious something is off. That guy’s practically hanging on by a thread now.” Miles shrugged it off.
“No.” Dalen’s eyes narrowed as he observed keenly. “Crystal is right. He’s behaving strangely. Instead of weakening after receiving such heavy injuries, his energy keeps getting stronger.”
Typically, one’s energy would diminish significantly after enduring severe injuries. However, Predator was defying the norm. His energy didn’t weaken but appeared to intensify, suggesting he was on the brink of unleashing something explosive.
Suddenly, Predator burst into laughter.
His voice deepened as it grew wild and raucous. “Kid, I’ll give you credit where it’s due. You’re strong, stronger than anyone I’ve ever faced. Under normal circumstances, I wouldn’t stand a chance against you.”
As he spoke, he ran his fingers through his disheveled golden curls. Slowly, he smoothed them back into a slicked- back style, revealing a mixed-race face.
With ruggedly handsome features, he exuded a hint of devilish charm in his demeanor.
He continued, “Now, consider yourself lucky to witness my other form. As a sign of respect, I’ll drop the pretense and unleash my full power for a no- holds-barred showdown with you!”
Predator grinned wickedly as his eyes underwent a sinister transformation.
His original blue irises quickly turned into yellow beast-like eyes that looked ferocious and bloodthirsty.
Upon witnessing this scene, the martial artists from Dragonmarsh remained unfazed. However, the black assassins began to retreat from the battleground as if facing a formidable enemy.
While outsiders might be unaware, the assassins knew too well that their leader would soon reveal an exceedingly terrifying side. In the aftermath, the battleground would descend into chaos, and many lives would be lost.
“What’s going on? Why are those assassins running away?”
“Are they scared? Maybe they know they’re outmatched, so they’re trying to make a run for it?”
“This doesn’t feel right. Something seems off.”
As the assassins fled the scene, the martial artists exchanged puzzled glances, uncertain of what was happening.
However, at that moment, something shocking happened.
###Chapter 2157 by Marina Vittori
Suddenly, Predator let out a thunderous roar that echoed throughout the entire battleground. But what was truly unsettling was that it sounded more like a beast’s growl than a human.
Then, a shocking scene unfolded before everyone’s eyes. Predator’s body began to bulk up. His muscles bulged and tore through his ragged clothes and shoes.
With another deafening roar, he propped his limbs on the ground and arched his back high. Thick, coarse black fur sprouted from his skin and soon covered his entire body.
At first glance, Predator resembled a giant black bear but there was more to his transformation.
As the black fur continued to grow, his facial features underwent a drastic change. The area below his eyes rapidly protruded while his teeth sharpened into pointed fangs. His hands and feet morphed into claw-like appendages that completed his terrifying transformation.
When Predator roared for the third time, he had fully transformed into a ferocious beast.
This beast defied classification as either a bear or a wolf. Its appearance was grotesque yet menacing, radiating an air of utter destruction. Just one glimpse sent shivers down the spines of all who beheld it.
“What… What in the world is this thing?
“Holy cow! How did a perfectly normal person suddenly turn into a beast?”
“I get it! This guy isn’t from Dragonmarsh. He’s one of those genetically enhanced soldiers from Streuqua!”
“But aren’t those genetically enhanced soldiers just boosting physical traits? How the heck did he transform into a fucking beast? This guy’s definitely some kind of freak!”
Predator’s transformation left the martial artists dumbfounded and trembling with fear. They never imagined that a seemingly ordinary person could morph into a massive beast. Everyone present found the transformation terrifying.
“Damn it! Forget if he’s human or beast. Let’s team up and bring him down!” a martial artist shouted as he brandished his sword. But his rallying cry fell on deaf ears.
After all, Predator was already formidable in his human form. Who knew how much more terrifying he could become in beast mode?
Though no one rallied behind him, the martial artist’s shout caught the attention of the beastly Predator.
With another roar, Predator launched itself forward with a powerful push of its limbs, scattering rocks and crumbling the ground beneath its weight.
Moving like a blur, it streaked past the martial artist at such incredible speed that the surrounding onlookers couldn’t even register his movement.
When Predator finally came to a stop, a bloody human head was already tightly grasped in its sharp claws. It was the head of the martial artist who had shouted earlier.
After a brief pause, the headless body slumped to the ground and stirred up a cloud of dust. The beastly Predator lifted the martial artist’s head high before opening its jaws wide and swallowing it whole.
The gruesome scene left everyone frozen in shock.
Predator moved so quickly that they. couldn’t even track his movements. But what truly chilled them to the bone was watching him feast on human flesh. The sight of such bloody brutality left them traumatized.
At that moment, the martial artists finally realized why the assassins had suddenly backed off earlier.
It wasn’t because the assassins couldn’t handle them but because they were terrified. They were scared to face the beastly Predator and feared being mercilessly slaughtered by him.
Suddenly, someone yelled, “Run… Run for your lives!”
The once quiet scene descended into chaos.
Without a moment’s hesitation, countless martial artists scattered and fled for safety. They were known for their fearlessness and were always prepared to confront enemies head-on.
But now, their opponent was a daunting and terrifying beast. Facing this creature, they felt as small and helpless as ants.
The martial artists understood that fighting back seemed futile. Any delay in escaping could mean becoming prey. It was a threat to their lives, and the fear was almost unbearable to endure.
As the crowd scattered in panic, the beastly Predator launched another attack. With a powerful leap, it shot forward like a blur.
In a flash, a blurry figure streaked past. With one quick swipe, Predator’s claws ripped through a martial artist running behind the group. Soon after, a gruesome mess of blood and guts was left behind.
Predator’s strike was swift and precise. His strength had multiplied tenfold since he transformed. Once just a late- stage grandmaster, now he possessed the power of an ultimate grandmaster.
As a result, even a martial artist at the grandmaster level had no hope of survival when facing such a fearsome beast.
Dustin’s expression darkened as Predator claimed two more victims. ” Damned beast! Stop your rampage!” he shouted.
After drawing Predator’s attention toward him, he lunged forward with his sword. Predator roared, baring his sharp fangs, and swiftly lunged forward. His claws swiped aggressively toward Dustin’s chest in an attempt to maul him.
But Dustin didn’t dodge. Instead, he raised his sword and countered Predator’s attack as he aimed at his claws.
The clash of metal echoed as Predator was forcefully knocked back several yards. His claws dug into the ground, leaving deep marks as he struggled to regain his footing.
Dustin’s body trembled slightly, yet he effortlessly absorbed the impact. Glancing down at his sword, he frowned at the several nicks on the blade.
Typically, his mystical pure energy would make even an ordinary sword in his hands as effective as a divine weapon. However, the earlier clash had visibly damaged the blade, showcasing the razor-sharpness of Predator’s claws.
Dustin couldn’t believe that the beastly Predator could breach his defenses. He knew that achieving such a feat required an ultimate-grandmaster- level skill.
He was surprised by Predator’s leap of three tiers in a single transformation. From a late-stage grandmaster, he became an ultimate grandmaster. Dustin found it truly mind-boggling. 12 It was the true definition of a beast.
###Chapter 2158 by Marina Vittori
Dustin was well-versed and knowledgeable about creatures like werewolves and vampires in Streuqua. But facing something like Predator, who turned into a beast and became ten times stronger, was completely new to him.
It showed that the mysterious assassin organization held significant power and influence. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been able to nurture so many elites.
Thrown back by the impact, Predator tapped into his primal instincts. His form expanded even more, akin to an elephant’s, while a dark haze enveloped him and radiated a sinister air.
With its four limbs forcefully pushing off the ground, it lunged forward like a cannonball toward Dustin at terrifying speed.
“Hurricane Slash!”
Dustin gripped his sword with one hand and swiftly delivered five consecutive slashes. The resulting sword auras intertwined, forming a massive net that bore down on Predator.
A thunderous crash filled the air as Predator charged headlong into the net without hesitation.
Five sword auras shattered upon impact and dispersed them into energy.
The beastly Predator was sent flying over several yards. He crashed heavily to the ground, creating a deep crater upon impact.
He emitted a low growl as it rolled to its feet, and his beastly eyes gleamed with ferocity.
After the collision, he was covered in blood and sustained serious wounds. One of his muscular arms was severed, and three deep sword gashes marred his chest.
While these injuries would prove fatal for most creatures, they were mere scratches to the beastly Predator.
With its massive frame, Predator boasted formidable defense and a terrifying regeneration capacity. In mere seconds, the wounds on its chest stopped bleeding and began to heal rapidly.
Yet, the most chilling sight was the severed arm visibly regenerating at an alarming rate. Such monstrous regenerative abilities instilled pure terror in onlookers.
“Holy shit! What the heck is that thing? His arm just grew back by itself? That’s scary!”
“Damn it! This guy is like a fucking cockroach that just won’t die!”
“I wonder if Dustin can handle this beast?”
Witnessing Predator’s wounds heal rapidly left the martial artists dumbfounded.
Earlier, when Predator was knocked back, they felt a glimmer of hope and thought they had a chance. But now, they were filled with doubt.
The beastly Predator was fast, strong, and tough and had an unbelievable ability to recover. Anyone encountering something like this would feel despair.
At that moment, they could only hope that Dustin could hold on. Otherwise, the whole town would be drenched in blood if this beast went berserk.
“What a pain in the neck,” Dustin muttered. His expression grew serious as he furrowed his brow. He hadn’t anticipated Predator’s post- transformation would possess such terrifying regenerative abilities.
Witnessing severe wounds almost fully heal in just a matter of seconds was mind-boggling. He knew he’d be worn down to nothing if the fight continued like this.
“It looks like I can’t spare your life today.” Dustin shook his head, and a glint of menace flashed in his eyes.
Initially, he had planned to capture Predator alive and extract some information from him. But now, that plan seemed out of the question.
After all, it was kill or be killed. If Dustin didn’t act now, it would spell endless trouble.
Predator roared, and at that moment, his severed arm had fully regenerated.
It looked just as muscular as before. Then, he scraped the ground with his newly grown claws and lunged at Dustin again.
Dustin took a deep breath and slowly raised his sword in front of his chest. With a slight tremor in his body, his mystical pure energy surged instantly.
A thunderous explosion reverberated through the air as a powerful wave of energy erupted from Dustin’s feet. It swept out like a tidal wave and engulfed everything around.
In an instant, Predator’s body trembled. He felt crushing pressure like a mountain bearing down on his back, and his speed slowed down significantly.
“Conquest Breaker!”
Dustin unleashed his true strength and underwent a significant change in his energy field.
Seamlessly merging with his sword, he transformed into a sharp, lethal blade aimed directly at Predator’s chest.
A streak of light zipped through as Dustin, sword in hand, swiftly pierced through Predator’s body. A large gaping wound was left in its chest.
The charging Predator shuddered, then toppled to the ground. His massive body skidded across the ground for over 30 feet before gradually coming to a halt, leaving behind a long trail of blood on the cobblestone pavement.
“Is… is it over?”
“Holy shit! Is that for real? Did he. actually take down that monster?”
“What a lightning-fast sword! Such a fierce attack! That’s seriously impressive!”
Chaos ensued as Predator was brought down. Nobody had anticipated Dustin emerging victorious against such a terrifying beast, let alone do it so effortlessly.
With a single, decisive stroke, he ended the battle. It was a truly remarkable feat.
Now the question lingered-who was the true beast here?
“Wait! That beast isn’t dead yet. I saw it move!”
“No way! Even with no heart, he’s still alive?”
“Hey, look! He’s moving! He’s actually moving!”
With a chorus of gasps, Predator started twitching incessantly on the ground. The gaping, bloody wound on his chest was visibly healing at a startling pace.
This sudden twist in the situation left everyone stunned.
Seeing the beast, with its chest pierced and heart destroyed, not only surviving but recovering, was utterly mind- blowing.
It wasn’t just the martial artists who were taken aback. Even Dustin found it surreal that a beast could survive without a heart.
With sword in hand, Dustin approached Predator slowly and looked down at him.
Despite being certain that he had destroyed Predator’s heart, his body continued to recover. It was utterly incredulous.
“I don’t believe that I can’t kill you!”
Dustin raised his sword again and prepared to strike at Predator’s head.
Since Predator could survive without a heart, he wondered what the fate of Predator would be if his head were crushed.
“Hold your blade!”
Just as Dustin was about to deliver the fatal blow, a thunderous shout suddenly erupted out of nowhere.
At the same time, three Frost Needles pierced through the air, aiming directly at Dustin’s three vital pressure points.
###Chapter 2159 by Marina Vittori
Three Frost Needles streaked through the night sky, each carrying a biting cold as they targeted Dustin’s upper, middle, and lower vital pressure points.
“Hmm?” Dustin frowned and immediately raised his sword to block.
The three needles struck the sword and instantly exploded into clouds of frost. Upon contact with the frost, the sword was immediately encased in ice.
Simultaneously, a biting cold followed the frozen blade, spreading rapidly along his arm. In the blink of an eye, his hand holding the sword was frozen solid.
“Frost Needle?” Dustin’s face darkened as his mystical pure energy surged within him.
The icy mist around him quickly dissipated, and cracks formed on his frozen arm. With a shiver, the ice on his arm swiftly broke apart, reverting it to its normal state.
Fortunately, he managed to avoid a direct hit from the Frost Needle. If it had struck him, it would have significantly damaged his body’s functions.
Despite his considerable strength, such an injury would have been severe. For someone less resilient, it could have been fatal or turned them into an ice sculpture.
It was evident that the assailant had intended to kill him.
Dustin shifted his focus away from the beastly Predator toward the direction of the voice.
On a nearby rooftop, a figure was sprinting toward Dustin. As the figure drew closer, he paused and leaped into the air gracefully, gliding like a bird before lightly landing 30 feet away from Dustin.
Dustin looked closely and saw an elderly man with white hair. The elderly man was slender and dressed in elegant attire. His eyes were sharp as a hawk and exuded an intimidating presence.
“Who are you?” Dustin asked coldly.
“I’m Acheron Wood, an elder of the Celestial Alliance,” the elderly man with white hair replied. He stood proudly with his hands behind his back.
“Acheron Wood?” Dustin’s eyes narrowed slightly.
He was familiar with the name. After all, Acheron was one of the top elders of the Celestial Alliance, ranking just below the guildmaster, Alloy.
Acheron was known for his arrogance and quick temper. Despite his strength and influential background, few dared to provoke him in the martial world.
“Elder Wood of the Celestial Alliance? I didn’t expect him to show up.”
“This is great! With Elder Wood on our side, those assassins are as good as dead!”
“There’s something strange about Elder Wood’s actions. It doesn’t seem like he’s here to help.”
Acheron’s appearance sparked a flurry of discussions among those present.
After Vincent’s murder, it would be expected for the Celestial Alliance to seek vengeance and hunt down the murderers.
However, instead of pursuing revenge, Acheron’s decision to intervene and prevent Dustin from killing Predator showed that he may not be aligned with their goals.
“Kid, this ends here. Hand over this beast to me, and you can walk away,” Acheron said in a commanding tone, his expression serious.
“Hand him over? Why should I?” Dustin’s face remained stoic.
“Huh?” Acheron frowned. “What? You dare refuse me?”
As a veteran of the martial world and an elder of the Celestial Alliance, few dared to defy him.
“Give me a reason,” Dustin said flatly.
“A reason?” Acheron snorted. “Well, because I’m an elder of the Celestial Alliance, I’ve got some power and influence. Let’s face it, I’m stronger than you. Is that reason enough?”
“It sounds like you’re just trying to assert yourself,” Dustin said with a faint smile, but his gaze remained cold.
“What if I am? If you’re smart, you’ll hand over that beast to me. Otherwise, don’t blame me for not being nice!” Acheron’s patience was running thin.
As they said, the night was young and full of surprises. If they continued to delay, things would likely take a turn for the worse. And by that point, capturing the beast wouldn’t be so easy.
Dustin replied firmly, “I really don’t appreciate being threatened. If you had approached me differently, I might have been open to discussing handing over the beast.
“But instead, you came aggressively at me, using sneak attacks with those Frost Needles. No matter what you say now, I’m not giving the beast to you!”
“Hey, punk! Looks like you won’t learn until you’re staring death in the face!” Acheron said. His expression hardened as he prepared to take action.
Without saying anything else, he quickly moved his sleeve. Then, three Frost Needles shoot out, aiming at Dustin’s vital points.
“Hmph!” Dustin stood his ground. He raised his sword and swung it fiercely.
A crescent-shaped white sword aura shot forth from his blade and collided with the three Frost Needles.
The impact caused three explosions as it shattered the Frost Needles into a flurry of icy mist, which slowly drifted down.
As the mist cleared, the ground beneath was left covered in a thick layer of ice.
“Hmm?” Acheron couldn’t help but frown as Dustin blocked his attack again. “I didn’t expect you to be so strong. No wonder you’re being so cocky.”
“The Celestial Alliance sure knows how to waste their resources. Those precious Frost Needles are gone in an instant,” Dustin taunted.
“You dare to mock me, punk? I’ll send you to your grave!”
The proud Acheron’s anger surged in an instant. He clenched his fists and unleashed a strike into the air.
Suddenly, a mighty roar resounded.
A giant golden tiger burst forth from Acheron’s body and bared its teeth as it lunged toward Dustin.
The golden tiger stood around 23 to 26 feet tall and radiated a dazzling golden light with an intimidating presence. It seemed capable of devouring Dustin in one gulp.
“That’s Acheron’s signature move, the Behemoth Punch!” Crystal’s expression shifted as she observed.
“Uh-oh, Dustin is in serious trouble against Acheron, that Old Beast!” Miles exclaimed, his agitation evident.
“What a disgraceful display from a Celestial Alliance elder, resorting to bullying and intimidation!” Ruby fumed with anger.
None of them had anticipated facing another formidable opponent so soon after dealing with a beast, especially not Acheron, an elder of the Celestial Alliance.
And to make matters worse, this old geezer was utterly unreasonable. He resorted to violence at the slightest provocation. In his arrogance, he showed a blatant disregard for boundaries.
###Chapter 2160 by Marina Vittori
“So, you know the Behemoth Punch? Well, so do I!” Dustin snorted coldly.
He didn’t draw his sword but raised his fist instead. He gathered his mystical pure energy and punched the gilded tiger in the air.
With a deafening roar, a large ivory tiger emerged from Dustin’s body and ferociously charged at the gilded tiger. Both tigers were of similar size and equally intimidating.
As they collided, a resounding boom shook the earth and flooded the surroundings with energy.
The white and golden light erupted simultaneously and covered half the sky each. Powerful hurricanes radiated outward from the point of impact and demolished everything in their path.
When the dust settled, everyone looked on in astonishment.
Dustin and Acheron stood unscathed despite the clash and couldn’t gain the upper hand over the other.
“No way! Dustin can actually go toe-to- toe with Acheron?” Miles’s eyes widened, disbelief written all over his face.
Acheron was one of the eight elders of the Celestial Alliance. He ranked higher than Quincy and just below the guildmaster, Alloy. Rumor had it that Acheron was a fully developed grandmaster.
Hence, Miles found it hard to believe that Dustin could survive when facing someone as powerful as Acheron.
“It seems like we’ve been underestimating Dustin’s abilities,” Dalen remarked, his eyes narrowing in thought.
“Wait, if Dustin can stand his ground against Acheron, does that mean he’s as skilled as our mentor?” Ruby was taken aback.
She had always known Dustin was strong but hadn’t realized he was this capable. It made her realize that it was hard to understand someone’s abilities without a point of comparison.
“It’s odd. Considering Mr. Rhys’s abilities, he should have been on the Legendary List. Why isn’t his name there?” Crystal murmured to herself.
She wondered if Dustin was downplaying his skills or if the Zenith Society had overlooked something. important.
“Kid, how do you know the Behemoth Punch? Who the hell are you?” Acheron’s expression darkened, and his eyes filled with hostility. For the first time, he felt a hint of danger from someone so young.
With such immense power in just his 20s, Acheron couldn’t help but wonder how much stronger Dustin could become.
If they hadn’t already clashed, he could have tried to befriend Dustin. But now that battle lines were drawn, reconciliation seemed impossible.
Faced with the potential threat Dustin posed, Acheron knew he had to take action to deal with it before it escalated further.
“I’m just a nobody, naturally not on your radar,” Dustin said calmly.
“Listen, kid. This is your last chance. If you back off now, I can pretend nothing happened. I’ll even let bygones be bygones. What do you say?” Acheron narrowed his eyes.
“Who’s stepping on whose toes here? It seems like you’re a bit confused. And let’s not forget, this beast isn’t something you can control. Keeping it around will only lead to trouble for everyone,” Dustin said impassively.
Acheron was just a fully developed grandmaster, while the Predator, once unleashed, had the strength of an early -stage ultimate grandmaster.
Once the Predator regained its strength, Acheron wouldn’t be able to control it. At that point, there would undoubtedly be bloodshed.
“Kid, don’t you have an ounce of shame?” Acheron’s eyes filled with malice.
“Elder Wood, enough. Don’t dig your own grave,” Dustin said impatiently.
“Fine! Since you’re so ignorant, I’ll oblige!” Acheron fumed and stopped talking.
In one swift motion, he brought his hands together before slowly pulling them apart. A golden light began to swirl in his palms, gradually taking shape.
###Chapter 2161 by Marina Vittori
In an instant, a golden broadsword materialized out of thin air.
Everyone was stunned by Acheron’s unusual technique. Without a word, Dustin effortlessly retrieved the sword lodged in the ground with a swift motion of his hand.
“Kid! You’re going to regret your choices!” Acheron growled and raised the sword above his head.
With a sudden burst of speed, he lunged forward like a cannonball and swung the sword fiercely toward Dustin’s chest.
Suddenly, Acheron’s sword expanded to an impressive 30 feet in length, resembling a colossal blade of judgment.
With incredible force, it hurtled toward Dustin.
Dustin didn’t dodge and stood his ground as he raised his sword to block the attack. The clash of blades sent sparks flying and unleashed a powerful explosion of energy.
Despite the force of the impact causing the ground beneath him to collapse and crumble into a pit, Dustin remained unfazed and stood firm throughout the ordeal.
“How long do you think you can keep this up?”
Acheron gripped the sword with both hands as he exerted pressure against Dustin’s sword. He sought to use his superior cultivation to overpower Dustin and crush his defense.
“Elder Wood! Show some mercy!”
Suddenly, a shout rang out from a distance.
Acheron abruptly turned and saw Quincy leading a group of people marching toward them. Among them were some elite martial artists from the Sacred Wrym Summit.
“Great! The people from Sacred Wrym Summit have finally arrived!” Miles exclaimed with relief.
“Once Sacred Wrym Summit steps in to uphold justice, that old geezer won’t be so arrogant anymore,” Ruby said indignantly.
“Something’s not right. Acheron doesn’t seem like he’s backing down,” Dalen said, frowning.
“Is he planning to strike before the Sacred Wrym Summit people intervene? “Crystal quickly realized the severity of the situation.
With Acheron’s domineering personality, such a move wouldn’t be out of character.
“Go to hell!”
At that moment, Acheron’s eyes burned with ferocity as his grandmaster’s internal energy surged like a tidal wave, flowing relentlessly into his golden sword.
His sword began to tremble, and its surface glowed brilliantly. Powerful forces hammered relentlessly against Dustin’s sword like a catastrophic onslaught.
Crystal’s guess was right. Acheron had resolved to kill. He was fully committed to killing Dustin before Quincy’s group arrived.
To achieve this, he exerted all his internal energy, forgoing defense and launching a relentless attack.
“Heh!” Dustin smirked coldly as he faced the ferocious Acheron. Instead of confronting him head-on, he swiftly sidestepped to avoid the attack.
Acheron’s blade crashed into the ground with tremendous force, carving out a deep gash in the earth.
“Roar!”
Suddenly, a massive shadow lunged forward, knocking Acheron to the ground and pinning him down with terrifying strength.
Surprisingly, the beastly Predator had kept Acheron subdued and prevented him from getting back up.
###Chapter 2162 by Marina Vittori
Acheron was caught off guard by the beastly Predator’s sudden attack. Before he could react, he was already thrown to the ground.
After transforming, Predator wielded immense strength. He pressed Acheron down with claws resembling darksteel.
Despite his efforts, Acheron couldn’t break free. He had to resort to using his golden broadsword to defend against the beast’s claws.
The beastly Predator continued to roar and snarl viciously. Its bloodied jaws dripped a thick green liquid with a foul odor.
As the liquid dripped onto Acheron’s face, it sizzled and caused his skin to corrode. “Argh!” He gritted his teeth and cried out in agony.
Yet, Acheron couldn’t believe how fast the beastly Predator had recovered after being impaled in the chest earlier. It astounded him that the beast’s wound had fully healed within minutes.
Still, he couldn’t understand why the beast targeted him.
“Get off me, you damn beast!” he shouted as his hands pushed against the blade with all his might. He tried to shove the beast away, but it was futile.
Following its transformation, Predator had reached an early-stage ultimate grandmaster level and possessed extraordinary strength. In a direct confrontation, Acheron would be outmatched.
The beastly Predator let out a thunderous roar. Its claws pressed down on the golden broadsword as its head edged closer to Acheron’s face.
Its menacing teeth loomed nearer, and with a flick of its barbed tongue, it ripped a chunk of flesh from Acheron’s cheek.
It was a sight that sent shivers through the onlookers.
“I can’t believe that beast ended up saving Dustin,” Miles remarked, astonished by the unexpected turn of events.
Dalen narrowed his eyes. “Looks like Acheron’s really struggling to keep his ground.”
Ruby chimed in with a hint of satisfaction, “Well, he’s always been the bully. Guess it’s catching up to him now.”
“What a slick move by Mr. Rhys, leading trouble straight to Acheron’s doorstep,” Crystal said as she observed quietly. There was a touch of admiration in her voice.
While others might have missed it, she could tell that Predator’s initial target was Dustin. But he had anticipated the ambush, dodging just in time as the beast lunged toward Acheron.
With both of them now locked in combat, Dustin could easily kill them if he wanted to.
Acheron’s fury erupted as he shouted, ” Punk! How dare you use this beast against me? Get it off me now!”
At that moment, the beastly Predator pinned him down. He couldn’t move, no matter how hard he struggled. With each passing moment, he dreaded becoming the beast’s next meal.
“Elder Wood, don’t try to blame this on me. Your own actions have caught up with you, and this beast is just the universe balancing things out,” Dustin said, standing nearby with a look of amusement.
“Cut the crap! Deal with this beast now, and I’ll pretend nothing has happened tonight!” Acheron spat out angrily.
Dustin was unfazed by his anger. ” You’re strong, so why should I bother? Handle it yourself.”
Dealing with someone like Acheron, always thirsting for vengeance, required a swift hand. Naturally, Dustin didn’t want to get his hands dirty, so he decided to exploit the situation.
With a deafening roar, the beastly Predator’s jaws inched closer to Acheron’s face.
Acheron’s strength faded, and he knew he could no longer aid Quincy. He accepted the inevitable outcome of his fate. Faced with imminent death, the once-arrogant Acheron finally relented.
“Dustin, I… I apologize for what I said earlier. Please, kill this beast, and I’ll reward you generously!” His tone shifted from authoritative to desperate.
“Are you serious about this?” Dustin arched an eyebrow.
“Yes, I am!” Acheron’s face lit up, and he thought Dustin would agree.
So, he hurriedly continued, “Dustin, I’m an elder of the Celestial Alliance, with power, influence, and status. If you save my life, I’ll fulfill your request.
“Words alone won’t cut it. You need to swear on it,” Dustin said calmly.
“Okay, okay… I swear, I’ll keep my
word. If I don’t follow through, I’ll be damned… Is that good enough?” Acheron’s forehead glistened with sweat. His hands trembled, clearly at his breaking point.
“Even with that, I still don’t trust you.” Dustin shrugged, showing no intention of rescuing him.
“Are you messing with me?” Acheron was so angry he nearly spat blood. In a momentary lapse of concentration, his internal energy became chaotic.
Predator’s jaws closed in again, this time biting off Acheron’s nose.
“Aargh!” Acheron screamed, his face covered with blood.
“Feeling the reality sink in yet? Too bad it took you this long.” Dustin sneered, his gaze icy with resolve. He knew jerks like Acheron-a tyrant full of arrogance -didn’t deserve an ounce of sympathy.
“Argh!” Acheron bellowed, his defiance teetering on the edge of madness. “You punk! I’ll rip you apart!”
His words had barely left his lips when his strength drained along with his final breath.
Simultaneously, the beastly Predator opened its gaping jaws and swiftly bit down. There was a sickening bone- snapping crunch, and the beast swallowed Acheron’s entire head in one gulp.
Blood gushed from the severed neck.
The surroundings suddenly fell quiet. Even Quincy and his group, who had just arrived, involuntarily stopped in their tracks. They stood in shock, unable to comprehend what had just unfolded.
None of them had imagined that Acheron, the esteemed elder of the Celestial Alliance, would meet his end here and die in such a gruesome manner.
His head was devoured by the beast, leaving nothing behind but a headless body.
###Chapter 2163 by Marina Vittori
“Dead… dead? How is that possible?”
“I never expected Elder Wood from the Celestial Alliance, a prominent figure in the martial world, to die at the hands of a beast. It’s truly unbelievable!”
“Well, he’s too arrogant and overbearing. Guess karma finally caught up with him.”
The death of Acheron caused a stir throughout the crowd. Nobody expected such a mighty and arrogant figure to meet such an abrupt end.
Predator took him down, pinned him, and bit off his head.
What struck everyone as particularly unsettling was that Acheron didn’t even have a chance to fight back.
“Elder… Elder Wood…?” Quincy, who had just arrived, stood frozen in place as he looked at the headless corpse before him.
Acheron had always been a figure of power and authority, towering above Quincy and many others. Within the Celestial Alliance, his status was unrivaled.
All the disciples from the Celestial Alliance who showed up for the tournament at Sacred Wrym Summit were under Acheron’s supervision.
Yet, the once-resplendent figure now lay as nothing more than a headless body. It was truly a lamentable sight.
After feasting on Acheron’s head, the beastly Predator lifted his head and unleashed a deafening roar. The sound was so intense that many martial artists winced in pain, instinctively covering their ears.
At the level of an ultimate grandmaster, even a simple sound wave attack was beyond the defense of ordinary martial artists.
After its roar, Predator’s massive body seemed to weaken and collapse to the ground.
Following that, his body quickly shrank, and his black fur, along with all his beastly features, gradually disappeared.
Soon, the terrifying black-haired monster had completely reverted to his human form.
Upon seeing this, everyone let out a collective sigh of relief.
After all, the beastly Predator was simply too terrifying. Its speed, strength, defense, and healing ability were beyond comprehension.
Regenerating severed limbs and healing a broken heart, Predator seemed like an unstoppable force of nature.
If even elites like Acheron could have their heads bitten off, what chance did ordinary martial artists have?
Luckily, the beast seemed to have worn itself out. If not, who knew how many more lives it would have claimed?
“Dustin, are you guys alright?”
After a brief moment of shock, Quincy finally led the group forward.
“I’m fine, but it seems Elder Wood from the Celestial Alliance had an unexpected encounter,” Dustin replied casually.
Quincy’s mouth twitched, and momentarily, he was left speechless. ”
Unexpected encounter? More like a decapitation!” he muttered incredulously.
A young female disciple of the Celestial Alliance suddenly demanded, “Hey! You were standing right next to Elder Wood when the beast attacked him. Why didn’t you help?”
Dressed in white and quite attractive, she had a somewhat sharp gaze.
“Why should I?” Dustin shrugged and said boldly, “What does it have to do with me if he was attacked? Why would I risk my life to save him?”
“You…”
The female disciple, Marcia, was visibly taken aback and said sternly, “You saw Elder Wood being attacked. As a martial artist, you lack any sense of chivalry.
Aren’t you afraid of being mocked?”
“Why didn’t you lend a hand if you’re all about chivalry?” Dustin shot back.
He despised people like her, constantly preaching but never lifting a finger to make a difference. All they did was sit on their high horse and pass judgment. His stomach turned just thinking about it.
“I was too far away. If I had arrived on time, I definitely wouldn’t have stood by like you!” Marcia argued.
“Oh?” Dustin sneered.
He added, “Elder Wood’s head is still in that beast’s belly. You’re so brave and righteous. Why not help retrieve his head and make it a complete corpse?”
“What… what did you say?” The color drained from her face.
“What’s wrong? Didn’t you hear me? Let me repeat myself.”
Dustin pointed to Predator lying on the ground, saying, “This guy ate Elder Wood’s head. As a disciple of the Celestial Alliance, helping your Elder find his head to make a complete corpse shouldn’t be too much to ask, right?”
Wasn’t this just a moral lecture? Well, he could play along with that, too.
“I…” Marcia hesitated.
Her heart raced with a mix of revulsion and fear. She couldn’t bring herself to step closer, not after witnessing Predator’s brutal attack.
The mere thought sent shivers down her spine. This beast had killed Acheron with ease. If he woke up now and decided to turn his deadly gaze toward her, what could she possibly do?
“What’s wrong? Are you scared? As a martial artist and a disciple of the Celestial Alliance, can’t you even handle this little task?” Dustin taunted sarcastically.
“Who… who said I’m scared? It’s just retrieving a head, right? What’s so hard about it!”
Provoked by Dustin’s sarcasm, Marcia immediately agreed to do it.
“You’re so brave, then go ahead.”
Dustin gestured with one hand and stepped aside to watch.
Quincy and his group exchanged uneasy glances, unsure of what to do.
As disciples of the Celestial Alliance, retrieving their elder’s head to ensure a proper burial seemed logical.
However, attempting to cut open the still-unconscious Predator posed undeniable risks. If they were to rouse the beast inadvertently, the outcome could be catastrophic.
Marcia swallowed nervously and tightened her grip around her sword.
With caution, she advanced toward the motionless Predator. At that moment, the Predator lay naked, completely still except for its heaving chest as it breathed heavily.
“Go to hell!” Gritting her teeth, Marcia stabbed Predator’s chest. Before retrieving the head, she had to kill this potential threat to ensure everything went smoothly.
###Chapter 2164 by Marina Vittori
Marcia demonstrated her intelligence with a strategic move. Choosing to cut open the abdomen to reach the head could have startled the unconscious Predator, potentially putting herself in danger.
That was why opting to kill him outright was a sensible choice. However, she overlooked a critical detail-the vast difference in their strengths.
Taking down a grandmaster-level opponent, especially one with significant physical power, was no simple feat, even if they were unconscious.
With a swift motion, Marcia drove her sword toward the Predator’s chest.
Before the sword tip could penetrate more than half an inch, Predator’s reflexes kicked in. His muscles tensed instantly, exerting a powerful force that effectively trapped her sword in place.
“Hmm?” Marcia frowned and applied more pressure to push forward with her sword.
But to her surprise, it wouldn’t budge any further. Even more astonishing was that she couldn’t withdraw her sword.
She didn’t know that Predator’s muscles clamped around the sword tightly.
“What the…?” Her expression darkened.
With so many eyes on her, failing to deal with an unconscious opponent made her position in the Celestial Alliance questionable.
“Getting cold feet, huh? Need a hand?” Dustin sneered.
“Hmph! Save your taunts. We’ll avenge Elder Wood on our own!” Marcia said defiantly.
With steely resolve, she grasped the sword hilt tightly and used all her might to push it down.
Inch by inch, the sword made its way through the Predator’s muscles, and a trickle of blood marked its progress.
Unbeknownst to her, Predator sensed danger, and his eyelids suddenly twitched.
However, she continued to push her sword and drove it deeper into his chest.
Just as her sword tip was more than an inch into the chest, Predator frowned and suddenly opened his eyes.
Caught off guard, she jumped in fright. Predator roared furiously before she could even react and slammed his palm onto the sword blade.
The blade snapped, and the force of his strike toward her chest sent her hurtling backward.
Screaming and spitting blood, she flew through the air before crashing heavily to the ground. She couldn’t even get up due to the impact.
Pale-faced and terrified, she coughed up more blood and was severely injured.
Even though Predator was not in beast mode, and his strength was only at the late-stage grandmaster level, it was still no match for a regular martial artist.
If it hadn’t been for Predator’s weakened state, drained of internal energy, he would have pushed to his limit.
The force of that single palm strike was enough to flatten Marcia.
With another ferocious roar, the Predator surged forward. His eyes were ablaze with primal fury as he charged toward her.
His transformation had boosted his strength, but it came with a dangerous trade-off-the risk of losing his sanity, especially when wounded.
In such a state, he could become nothing more than a savage beast, even if he returned to human form.
At that moment, Predator was completely overtaken by his animal instincts. He viciously targeted Marcia, who had stabbed him.
“Elder Douglas! Help me!”
The cry for help echoed through the chaos as the injured Marcia pleaded for assistance. After all, her movements were hindered by her wounds.
“Don’t be reckless!” Quincy responded promptly after shaking off his momentary hesitation.
Stepping forward, he positioned himself protectively in front of Marcia. Then, he delivered a powerful strike toward the charging Predator.
Predator didn’t dodge but continued to charge forward relentlessly. As Quincy’s palm struck him, Predator’s claws sliced through Quincy’s flesh, leaving bloody gashes.
Quincy’s strike sent the crazed Predator flying more than 30 feet away.
Quincy was shocked, staggering back a couple of steps. Despite having the advantage, he had come dangerously close to being gutted.
He hadn’t expected Predator’s grip to be so strong that it effortlessly broke his defense. Even in his weakened state, Predator posed a significant threat to him.
The retreating Predator ignored everything, roared, and charged forward. But now, he began to target Quincy instead of Marcia, whom he deemed a greater threat.
“Insolent!”
“Daredevil!”
Suddenly, the members of the Sacred Wrym Summit sprang into action.
Two disciples in blue leaped from the crowd and attacked Predator-one from the left, one from the right.
Both in their thirties, they seemed ordinary but were exceptionally strong.
They were grandmaster-level fighters. Individually, they were on par with Quincy, but together, they were unstoppable.
The Predator roared, and his claws slashed toward the two disciples.
Undaunted, the two disciples in blue emanated a golden glow and blocked Predator’s attacks.
Then, they grabbed Predator’s shoulders and dislocated his arms. 2
With just two crisp sounds, Predator’s arms instantly dislocated, rendering them limp and powerless at his sides.
###Chapter 2165 by Marina Vittori
The two disciples from Sacred Wrym Summit moved with lightning speed, swiftly dislocating Predator’s arms. In an instant, he was left powerless, his arms hanging limp after just one clash.
But Predator wasn’t about to give up. Despite his dislocated arms rendering him immobile, he still snarled and lunged at one of the disciples with his mouth wide open.
The disciple held his ground, and a shimmering golden light enveloped his body.
With a sharp impact, Predator rammed headfirst into the golden light and staggered back several feet. His face was a mess of blood and flesh, a few teeth knocked loose, leaving him dazed and swaying.
“What was that golden light just now? It looked so powerful,” Ruby remarked, her eyes widening with surprise.
She was familiar with Predator’s strength. Even without his transformation or in his weakened state, he could still hold his own against formidable opponents like Quincy.
Yet, his two attacks were effortlessly blocked by the golden light surrounding the Sacred Wrym Summit disciples, causing harm to Predator instead.
It was clear that this golden light was no ordinary defense.
“The golden light flashing on them is one of the Eight Sacred Incantations of the Pathfinder Sect, called the Glow Incantation,” Crystal explained.
She went on, “The essence of heaven and earth was the source of all energy. Bathed in golden light, our bodies become impervious, demons lose their nerve, and malevolent beings lose their shape. Concealed within is the power of thunder.
“The Glow Incantation is a formidable defensive technique, notoriously challenging to master. But once mastered, it shields its wielder from conventional weaponry and elemental assaults. 1
“Given their proficiency, they’ve probably achieved mastery. Even an experienced grandmaster would find breaching their defense a daunting task.
Upon hearing this, Ruby couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow. “So powerful? Does that mean they’re unrivaled in combat?”
“Ruby, who in their right mind would pick a fight with Sacred Wrym Summit? “Miles shook his head.
Even the three most powerful sects wouldn’t dare challenge them.
Sacred Wrym Summit towered over both the martial world and the authorities, untouchable and beyond question.
They possessed an abundance of skilled elites and were bolstered by the unparalleled influence of the Ancient Sage, Arion.
In the martial world, it was widely speculated that not even the combined might of the top nine figures on the Astonishing World List could match Arion’s prowess.
The Ancient Sage was a force to be reckoned with.
Predator regained his senses, and his ferocity undiminished as he pressed on.
He showed no intention of backing down. With a relentless charge, he aimed for the two Sacred Wrym Summit disciples.
His mind had descended into madness, driving him forward with unbridled rage.
“Irrational!”
The two disciples’ expressions darkened, poised to strike, when a lazy voice suddenly cut in, “This guy still has some use. Don’t hurt him.”
With the voice came a ragged yet handsome young monk, descending gracefully from above and landing beside the pair.
The young monk, with a toothpick dangling from his lips, seemed to be in a perpetual state of drowsiness as he squinted.
“Greetings, Master Caleb!” The two Sacred Wrym Summit disciples immediately bowed respectfully.
“Enough, both of you step back. I’ll handle this guy,” the young monk lazily waved his hand.
“Yes!” The two disciples responded promptly and retreated to the side.
“Where did this little monk come from? Is he any good?” Ruby asked skeptically.
After all, even in his weakened state, the Predator was still at a grandmaster level. So, his strength was far beyond the capability of an ordinary disciple.
“Don’t worry, with him around, that rampaging killer won’t cause much trouble,” Dalen reassured with a smile.
“Oh? Do you know this little monk, Mr. Shade?” Miles asked curiously.
“If I’m not mistaken, he should be Caleb Foyer, the son of the heir to the Heavenly Sage, Kaden Foyer,” Dalen stated.
“Caleb Foyer?”
Miles and Ruby exchanged puzzled looks. They clearly hadn’t heard of this name before.
“Members of Sacred Wrym Summit tend to keep a low profile. So, it’s normal if you haven’t heard of Caleb,” Dalen explained.
He added, “But I can assure you, this man is extraordinarily talented, with a profound mastery that surpasses ordinary limits.
“He is deeply versed in the teachings of the Ancient Sage. Though he’s not on the Legendary List, I believe his true strength surpasses even Kendricks, who ranks eighth on that list!”
With this revelation, the faces of those around him changed. To be stronger than Kendricks was quite intimidating.
“Dalen, are you serious? Can this young monk be that formidable?” Ruby asked skeptically.
Caleb appeared to be 17 or 18, younger than her. How could he possibly compare to the formidable figures on the Legendary List?
“Whether it’s true or not, you’ll find out soon enough,” Dalen replied coolly, not elaborating further.
At that moment, the rampaging Predator had already charged toward Caleb.
His face twisted into a ferocious expression, ready to devour someone.
But Caleb seemed unperturbed, yawning lazily as he casually tossed out a yellow talisman.
“Summit Shift.”
The yellow talisman suddenly emitted a soft glow. Simultaneously, a giant ” summit” symbol flashed in the air.
After that, as if possessed by some unseen force, the talisman descended swiftly from above, landing precisely on Predator’s back.
There was a resounding crash as the charging Predator was forcefully slammed to the ground by the talisman. Its impact created a human- shaped pit.
The pressure didn’t just feel like a mere weight on Predator’s shoulders. It felt like an entire mountain bearing down on him.
Predator roared ferociously, and he showed no signs of relenting. But despite his head’s slight mobility, the talisman had rendered his body completely paralyzed. Not even his fingers could twitch.
“Soul Bind.”
Caleb tossed another blue talisman, swiftly attaching it to the Predator’s forehead.
Predator instantly stopped roaring. His expression froze, his eyes losing their ferocity and turning vacant. It was as if his very essence had been drained away.
Despite the intense moment, Caleb remained composed, his demeanor tired but unwavering, showing no trace of exhilaration.
The onlookers were stunned by the sight before them.
So, this was the power of Sacred Wrym Summit disciples? It was beyond anything they had ever imagined.
###Chapter 2166 by Marina Vittori
Caleb’s impressive techniques left the martial artists in awe. They couldn’t believe that two simple pieces of paper had such immense power, effortlessly subduing the Predator.
“No way! He took down the leader just like that?” Ruby’s eyes widened in astonishment. She hadn’t taken Caleb seriously before, thinking he was too young and probably not very strong.
However, the outcome surprised her greatly. The ferocious Predator was already knocked down before she could even process what was happening.
Throughout the whole ordeal, Caleb hadn’t even budged from his spot. He just casually waved his hand a few times.
“So this is the strength of the new generation genius from Sacred Wrym Summit? Truly remarkable!” Miles exclaimed in admiration.
Sacred Wrym Summit was renowned for its array of esoteric techniques, including Glow Incantation, Stormcraft, and Divine Talisman.
However, mastering any of these was extremely difficult.
Most disciples of Sacred Wrym Summit primarily focused on mastering Glow Incantation. Only after mastering this could they move on to Stormcraft.
Similarly, only after mastering Stormcraft could they qualify to study Divine Talisman.
In other words, those who could use Divine Talisman were experts in Glow Incantation and Stormcraft. But at Sacred Wrym Summit, such individuals were scarce.
It typically took a grueling 50 years of training to master Glow Incantation and Stormcraft alone. Hence, mastering the Divine Talisman was an even greater feat.
Caleb, at such a young age, was effortlessly commanding Divine Talisman. He showcased talents and cultivation far surpassing those of self- proclaimed elites.
“To have mastered Divine Talisman to this extent, at least reaching a proficient level, at merely 17 or 18 is truly monstrous!” Crystal shook her head in disbelief, feeling a sense of powerlessness creeping in.
As an elite disciple of the Sword Union, she always had her pride. However, recent events had dealt her a heavy blow.
There were just too many geniuses around, whether it was Dustin, Kendricks, or Caleb, they were all much more formidable than her.
Even in encounters with the deceased Vincent and Aldric, she might not necessarily be a match for them.
She used to be the center of attention. But now, she felt overshadowed by these true prodigies, like a mere follower. It was somewhat lamentable.
Dalen narrowed his eyes and murmured, “The rumors were true after all. This little monk is definitely someone who could make it to the Legendary List.”
If he had any doubts before, he was certain now that Caleb would easily make it onto the Legendary List.
“Now that the job’s done, you two, take that guy back.”
After dealing with the Predator, Caleb yawned and directed two Sacred Wrym Summit disciples to clean up the scene.
As they were about to carry the Predator away, Dustin suddenly stepped forward.
“Wait.”
Approaching the Predator, Dustin stood in front of him and said calmly, ” Gentlemen, there’s an order to things. This guy is my prey. Taking him away like this wouldn’t be appropriate, would it?”
“Hmm?”
Upon hearing his words, Caleb, who was about to leave, immediately stopped and looked at Dustin with some curiosity.
The others exchanged puzzled looks. None of them expected Dustin to compete with Sacred Wrym Summit over an assassin.
The round-faced disciple from Sacred Wrym Summit said politely, “Sir, this man is extremely dangerous. He’s a huge threat. Keeping him around puts you in constant danger.
“It would be better for everyone if we, from Sacred Wrym Summit, take care of him. It’s for your own good.”
“You’re overthinking. If I can defeat him once, I can defeat him a hundred times. He won’t stir up much trouble in my hands,” Dustin replied with a smile.
“Sir, we’re doing this for your own good. Please cooperate,” the round- faced disciple insisted politely.
“Thank you for your concern, but this man is valuable to me. I can’t hand him over to you.” Dustin shook his head.
The Predator held too many secrets, whether it was about the assassination or his abilities after transformation. He needed to examine it thoroughly.
“Hey! You’re being unreasonable! If it weren’t for Master Caleb’s intervention, you might not have been able to capture this man!” Another tall disciple from Sacred Wrym Summit couldn’t help but interject.
Sacred Wrym Summit typically stayed out of worldly matters, but their presence commanded respect in the martial world. Wherever they went, they earned some respect.
However, they were taken aback by Dustin’s blatant disregard for respect.
Dustin said calmly, “Firstly, I appreciate the support of Sacred Wrym Summit, and I’m not being unreasonable.
“It’s just that we’ve worked so hard for so long to capture this man. If you take him away now, wouldn’t all our efforts be in vain?”
With that, the two disciples from Sacred Wrym Summit were at a loss for words, turning their gaze toward Caleb.
In truth, they didn’t quite understand why the usually aloof Caleb was interested in the assassin.
“You’ve got a point there, and honestly, I don’t know what to say.” Caleb nodded, agreeing with Dustin’s argument.
But then, in the next moment, he changed his tone, saying, “However, taking this guy back is my old man’s order.
“I can’t do anything about it. Consider it a favor owed to you today. How about that? If you ever need help in the future, feel free to ask us.”
With that statement, the scene became lively. Everyone’s gaze toward Dustin was filled with envy and jealousy.
What did a favor from Sacred Wrym Summit imply?
It was a golden opportunity that countless people dreamt of. If utilized properly, it could not only be a lifesaver but also a stepping stone to great success.
Moreover, it could even lead to becoming a dominant figure in the region.
As beings transcending both the martial world and the authorities, it wasn’t an exaggeration to say that anyone who received a favor from Sacred Wrym Summit could change their lives.
They never expected Caleb to be so generous, easily making such a promise.
Even the most foolish person wouldn’t reject such an opportunity for unprecedented wealth and glory.
###Chapter 2167 by Marina Vittori
“The offer from Sacred Wrym Summit sure is tempting.” Dustin nodded in agreement.
Then, he suddenly said, “But I’m more interested in the person in front of me, so I’ll have to apologize to you all.”
Everyone was shocked to hear this, finding it difficult to believe. They couldn’t understand why Dustin would refuse such an opportunity.
They found it baffling. It was an opportunity that could change someone’s fate. Opportunities like this didn’t come knocking often, yet Dustin brushed it off like it was nothing.
They couldn’t help but wonder if he had lost his mind.
“What’s wrong with you, Dustin? Why would you turn down such a golden opportunity?” Miles asked, bewildered.
If it were him, he would be jumping for joy. But Dustin’s refusal seemed to go against the natural order of things, leaving Miles scratching his head.
“It seems Dustin thinks that the value of that assassin leader is higher than the favor from Sacred Wrym Summit,” Dalen remarked thoughtfully.
“What? What value could that assassin possibly have? He’s just a villain,” Ruby dismissed.
“Ruby, things aren’t always as they seem. If that person truly had no value, would Sacred Wrym Summit had their eyes on him?” Crystal said cryptically.
Sacred Wrym Summit usually stayed out of worldly affairs, but their decision to capture Predator hinted at something out of the ordinary.
They suspected that Dustin’s relentless pursuit was fueled by his insight into the underlying reasons behind it.
“Pal, you’re making it really difficult for me.” Caleb shrugged helplessly.
He figured a few smooth words would sway Dustin. Unexpectedly, Dustin was stubborn and had zero regard for the prestige of Sacred Wrym Summit.
Caleb couldn’t help but find it both amusing and infuriating.
“Sacred Wrym Summit has quite the reputation. Surely, it wouldn’t bother with a nobody like me.” Dustin smiled, putting on a humble act.
Caleb replied, “I don’t know about you, but dealing with the old man back home can be a hassle. If we don’t bring this guy back today, I’ll never hear the end of it.”
He scratched his head, seeming to have an idea, then added, “How about we make a bet? Whoever wins gets to take this guy away.
“That way, we won’t damage our relationship, nor will we have to rack our brains. What do you say?”
“What are we betting on?” Dustin asked, amused.
“It’s simple. We bet whether you can move this guy,” Caleb said innocently. He went on, “He’s currently pinned down by my Divine Talisman. If you can move him, you win. If not, you lose.
“Of course, I won’t make it too hard on you. You can ask for help, but you only get three chances. Are you game?”
“Since you’re so keen, I’ll play along,” Dustin agreed.
“Alright, it’s settled then. Go ahead.” Caleb gestured with one hand.
Behind him, two disciples of Sacred Wrym Summit exchanged knowing glances. They were well aware of the power of the Divine Talisman on Predator’s back.
Dustin alone, much less everyone there, couldn’t budge the Predator. Even the two disciples acknowledged that they were powerless against it.
“What’s this little monk up to? Just moving a person, what’s the big deal? Why would he deliberately bet like this? It’s like he’s conceding defeat?” Ruby wondered.
“You’re mistaken, Ruby.”
Miles pointed at the yellow talisman on the Predator’s back. “See that yellow talisman? That’s the renowned Summit Shift Divine Talisman of Sacred Wrym Summit!”
“The Summit Shift Divine Talisman? Is it really that powerful?” Ruby looked puzzled.
As someone new to the martial world, she certainly had some gaps in her knowledge.
“Of course, it’s powerful!”
###Chapter 2168 by Marina Vittori
Miles eagerly explained, “Don’t let the thin yellow paper fool you because it holds immense power. Once it latches onto someone, they’ll feel like they’re being crushed by a massive boulder.
“As long as this talisman remains intact, that person won’t be able to move a muscle for the rest of their life!”
“Wow, really that incredible?” Ruby widened her eyes in astonishment.
“Absolutely! Though I’ve only heard of it and never seen one. After all, there are very few who can wield the Summit Shift Divine Talisman,” Miles said.
“Should we help?” Ruby asked.
“If even Mr. Rhys can’t budge it, our efforts would be in vain. Let’s just wait and see.” Crystal shook her head.
They hadn’t reached grandmaster level, so they weren’t qualified for this kind of confrontation.
“Mr. Rhys, how about letting the two of us give it a try?”
Laurel and Willow stepped forward, offering themselves up for the task.
Wary of the potential for deception, they decided to take the initiative and offer to go first before Dustin.
“Sure.” Dustin nodded and didn’t refuse their offer. With three attempts at their disposal, he was not in a hurry.
Laurel and Willow exchanged glances, then walked straight to Predator. He lay motionless, his gaze had become vacant. He even looked like a corpse.
After confirming there was no threat, Laurel grabbed its arms, while Willow grabbed its legs.
“One, two, three! Lift!”
They exerted force simultaneously as they tried to lift Predator out of the pit. But soon, they were surprised to find that their combined strength had no effect.
Not only could they not lift the Predator out of the pit, they couldn’t even move its limbs.
Despite Predator’s imposing frame- weighing only around 440 pounds lifting him should have been easy with their strength. Hence, they concluded that it wasn’t his weight that hindered them from lifting him.
Soon, Laurel and Willow fixed their gaze on the yellow talisman behind Predator. They figured the problem was the talisman.
“Remove the talisman!”
Laurel and Willow shared a quick glance before both reached out to tear it apart.
But the moment Laurel’s fingers brushed the talisman, it flashed. It unleashed a powerful shockwave that sent her staggering back several steps as if she’d been struck by lightning.
“Let me try!” Willow, unwilling to be outdone, also made an attempt.
But the outcome remained unchanged. The moment her fingers grazed the talisman, she jerked back as if jolted by electricity, and her entire body trembled.
“What’s going on?”
Laurel and Willow frowned in concern. They hadn’t expected to be unable to tear a piece of paper.
“It’s no use. Unless you know your way around Divine talisman techniques, you won’t be able to break Master Caleb’s Summit Shift Divine talisman,” the Sacred Wrym Summit disciple cautioned.
Tearing the talisman forcefully would trigger a powerful backlash. The more force applied, the more intense the repercussions. A single misstep could cost them their lives.
###Chapter 2169 by Marina Vittori
“Let’s try again!”
The Sacred Wrym Summit disciple’s words failed to dissuade Laurel and Willow.
The sisters exchanged glances before unsheathing their swords. With swift motions, they targeted the Summit Shift Divine Talisman on Predator’s back. 1
Despite their persistent efforts, they quickly realized that removing the talisman was impossible. Thus, they redirected their efforts toward destroying it.
After all, it was just a talisman. They were confident that breaking it wouldn’t be any more challenging than shattering darksteel.
When Laurel and Willow’s swords struck the talisman, it instantly ignited with a brilliant burst of yellow light.
A powerful shockwave erupted in a flash and shattered the swords upon impact. The sheer force of the blast sent the sisters flying backward, causing them to cough up blood.
Stunned and bewildered, they exchanged incredulous looks. They hadn’t expected that such an ordinary- looking talisman could withstand their attacks.
It was truly unbelievable.
“I warned you before, but you didn’t listen. It’s like playing with fire.” The round-faced disciple of Sacred Wyrm Summit sighed helplessly.
He couldn’t help but wonder about the purpose of their rigorous training if ordinary swords could easily destroy the talisman.
“Even swords couldn’t destroy it. What material is this talisman made of?” Ruby marveled.
Dalen responded, “The Divine talisman of Sacred Wrym Summit possesses unique characteristics beyond its material composition. It’s infused with a special energy.”
He continued, “As far as I know, disciples at Sacred Wrym Summit who master the Glow Incantation and Stormcraft can practice the Primordial Energy Surge. This technique serves as the foundation of the Divine Talisman.”
“What’s that?” Ruby asked curiously.
Dalen explained, “Primordial Energy Surge is one of the Eight Mystical Arts of the martial world. Mastering this technique can unleash incredible power beyond imagination.”
He shrugged and added, “However, the specific effects of this power remain a mystery to me.”
“Sounds pretty mysterious.” Ruby nodded thoughtfully.
Miles smiled and explained, “Ruby, the Primordial Energy Surge is a secret technique of Sacred Wrym Summit. Only a select few are deemed worthy of learning it, which adds to its mystique.”
“So, do you guys think Dustin can lift that man up?” Ruby asked curiously.
Dalen explained, “Trying to lift it with brute force is useless.
“With the Summit Shift Divine Talisman pressing down on Predator, strength alone won’t help. The best way is to break the talisman’s restriction first.”
“But how?” Ruby asked.
“How should I know?” Dalen shrugged. He said seriously, “If I could do it, do you think I’d be standing here chatting with you?”
She couldn’t find the words to retort and rolled her eyes. After listening to him talk at length, she couldn’t shake the feeling that he had essentially said nothing of substance.
“Now, it’s all up to Dustin.” Dalen narrowed his eyes slightly and waved his folding fan.
He began to question if Dustin could be considered ordinary. After all, ordinary individuals couldn’t possibly break through the Divine Talisman.
“Mr. Rhys, we’re sorry. We failed our task and are ready to receive your punishment.”
With their broken swords in hand, Laurel and Willow approached Dustin to apologize. As his bodyguards, they felt deeply embarrassed for their failure to handle even such a simple task.
Dustin smiled faintly. “It’s okay. This talisman is indeed formidable. It’s not something you two could’ve handled alone. Don’t be too hard on yourselves.”
The round-faced disciple from Sacred Wrym Summit urged again, “Sir, I strongly advise you to reconsider. Master Caleb’s Divine Talisman is incredibly powerful. Persisting will only harm yourself and others.”
“The Divine Talisman of Sacred Wrym Summit may be potent, but it’s not invincible,” Dustin responded calmly.
“What? You’re not giving up?” The round-faced disciple frowned.
He cautioned, “Don’t say I didn’t warn you. The greater your force on destroying the talisman, the stronger the backlash. You might even be risking your life if you push too hard.”
“Thanks for the reminder. I know what I’m doing,” Dustin replied tersely before advancing toward Predator.
Everyone fell silent as they watched intently and murmured among themselves.
“Do you think he can do it? He looks pretty confident.”
“Just being confident doesn’t mean much. The Divine Talisman isn’t something just anyone can remove. Even if he’s strong, can he move a mountain?”
“You’re right! Besides those from Sacred Wrym Summit, only a handful of people can remove this Summit Shift Divine Talisman.”
“If he’s smart, he should give up now. Otherwise, the talisman’s backlash will hurt him.”
The group behind Quincy lacked confidence in Dustin for two main reasons.
Firstly, they hadn’t seen Dustin’s earlier encounter with Predator.
Secondly, the sheer power and renown of Sacred Wrym Summit were ingrained in their minds.
Those practicing the Divine Talisman technique were considered top-tier elites within the Sacred Wrym Summit. After all, their every action radiated unmatched strength.
“Dustin, you’ve got this! Don’t let us down!” Ruby nervously clenched her fists and mumbled to herself. She hoped he would win since he was on their side.
“Primordial Energy Surge, huh? Well, I happen to know about this technique,” Dustin said with a faint smile.
Then, he bent down and reached toward the Summit Shift Divine Talisman. Just as his fingertips were about to touch the talisman, a faint ring of white light appeared.
The light was soft, nonaggressive, clear, and gentle. It seemed almost alive as it swiftly penetrated the Summit Shift Divine Talisman.
The talisman shimmered briefly before returning to its serene state.
At that moment, Dustin’s fingers delicately pinched the edge of the talisman and pulled it.
The Summit Shift Divine Talisman, deemed untouchable by ordinary people, came off in his hand effortlessly. It left onlookers dumbfounded and in disbelief.
“How… How is this possible?” The round-faced disciple of the Sacred Wrym Summit’s eyes widened in disbelief.
Another person mirrored the same expression. He seemed to doubt his eyes as he rubbed them. He couldn’t believe the talisman was torn off just like that.
“Uh…” Caleb froze in disbelief. His pinky finger remained held up, caught in the middle of picking his nose, lending a humorous touch to his expression.
###Chapter 2170 by Marina Vittori
“Huh? How is this possible?”
“Weren’t we just saying that the Summit Shift Divine Talisman couldn’t be removed? How did he tear it off like it was nothing?”
“Well, that’s unexpected! What exactly did he do?”
Everyone was dumbfounded as their eyes fixed on the talisman in Dustin’s hand.
The Summit Shift Divine Talisman of Sacred Wrym Summit was revered for invincibility. Its strength was likened to a mountain, seemingly impervious to human efforts.
Any endeavor to forcibly remove it was typically met with severe backlash. It was a lesson Laurel and Willow had painfully learned from their previous attempts.
Yet, Dustin effortlessly tearing the talisman off went against all expectations. It was truly baffling.
Ruby asked, “Wait, what just happened? It was torn off just like that? Looks like the Summit Shift Divine Talisman you mentioned wasn’t that impressive.”
She was bewildered. She had believed in the talisman’s invincibility, but now, her faith seemed misplaced.
Dalen’s mouth twitched, and he was momentarily at a loss for words.
The power of the Divine Talisman was unquestionable.
Aside from the disciples of Sacred Wrym Summit, only two scenarios could explain how someone else could effortlessly remove it.
Either the person tearing it was far stronger than the one who made it, or they were well-versed in Pathfinder techniques.
There simply wasn’t any other plausible explanation. If Dustin could effortlessly tear off the talisman without receiving a backlash, then it strongly hinted at his mastery of Pathfinder techniques.
However, these techniques were closely guarded secrets not shared with outsiders. So, Dalen wondered where Dustin acquired such knowledge.
“Dustin is so strong. Tearing off that talisman like it’s nothing? That’s pretty impressive!” Miles exclaimed, giving Dustin a thumbs up.
He couldn’t help but wonder if there was anything Dustin couldn’t do. It seemed like Dustin wasn’t just a great fighter but also had a mastery of all sorts of esoteric techniques.
“It appears we’ve underestimated Mr. Rhys. I’m confident he’ll make a splash in the Combat Tournament.” Crystal’s face lit up with a rare smile.
She realized she couldn’t match up to talents like Dustin’s. All she could do now was to admire him.
“I’ve removed the Divine Talisman. So, according to our bet, this guy is mine now, right?” Dustin held the talisman in one hand and lifted Predator with the other.
“Not bad. It looks like the old man was right. The martial world sure hides some talent.” Caleb chuckled as he recovered from his surprise.
He continued, “I wasn’t itching to sign up for this tournament, but you’ve piqued my curiosity. I hope to meet you in the battle ring.”
“Oh? Then, I’ll be waiting for you.”
Dustin nodded slightly.
“Let’s call it a night and head back,” Caleb said, stretching before leaving. He seemed completely at ease about the whole situation.
Two disciples from Sacred Wrym Summit glanced at Dustin before trailing after Caleb. Though they couldn’t quite comprehend Dustin’s techniques, they sensed something extraordinary about him.
Caleb had always embodied a laid-back attitude, and challenges were often shrugged off with an air of nonchalance. So, when he displayed genuine interest in someone for the first time, it caught the disciples off guard.
However, the notion of him considering participation in the Combat Tournament was even more astonishing.
“Dustin, I didn’t expect that from you. Pretty impressive!” Quincy exclaimed. A glint of admiration shone in his eyes as he glanced at Dustin.
“Oh, it’s just some esoteric techniques I picked up. It’s nothing to brag about,” Dustin said with a faint smile.
“You’re being too modest. If what you just did was ordinary, then I must be way behind,” Quincy said, shaking his head.
“Elder Douglas, I’m sorry for your loss regarding Elder Wood’s death. But as you can see, it has nothing to do with me.” Dustin spread his hands in a gesture of innocence.
“Uh…” Quincy’s expression froze momentarily before nodding. “Of course, Elder Wood’s death was purely accidental. The Celestial Alliance is rational and fair. We won’t blame an innocent person.”
“Mr. Douglas!”
Just as someone behind Quincy was about to speak up, he swiftly raised his hand to silence them.
“Everyone here saw clearly that Elder Wood was killed by a beast. Do you have any ions?” Quincy asked coldly.
“N-No, of course not.” The man immediately lowered his head. He certainly wouldn’t offend Quincy for the deceased Acheron.
Besides, blaming Dustin for this incident didn’t make sense since he hadn’t committed murder. He simply didn’t intervene to save a life.
“Come and take Elder Wood’s body away and give him a proper burial!” Quincy gestured to a few Celestial Alliance disciples.
“Yes!” Several disciples immediately stepped forward and carried Acheron’s headless body away.
“Dustin, thank you for your help tonight. I have some matters to attend to, so I’ll take my leave.” Quincy smiled. He nodded respectfully before departing with his group.
He could see that Dustin was brimming with potential and certainly not someone to be underestimated. So, someone as talented as Dustin naturally had to be befriended.
Moreover, pursuing retribution against Dustin for Acheron’s death would only result in trouble with no tangible benefits.
After all, Quincy and Acheron weren’t exactly on friendly terms. Their encounters had often been tense and unpleasant.
Acheron’s arrogance consistently grated on Quincy’s nerves. However, due to his superior position, Quincy had to swallow his frustrations and bear with them.
With Acheron dead, Quincy felt a weight lifted off his shoulders. Furthermore, Acheron’s demise opened up a prime opportunity for Quincy to advance his status. Naturally, he was eager to seize upon it.
After Quincy and his group departed, Dustin swiftly retrieved several silver needles from his pocket. He deftly inserted them into Predator’s head, neck, and back.
These needles played a vital role in sealing off Predator’s pressure points. This would ensure no further transformations or unpredictable behavior.
As long as these needles remained lodged in its body, Predator’s strength would be effectively nullified.
Even with the cultivation of a grandmaster martial artist, Predator would be rendered as powerless as any ordinary person.
After dealing with Predator, Dustin called for Laurel and Willow.
“Here!” Laurel and Willow immediately approached and saluted.
He instructed, “Take this guy away. Deliver him to Ms. Linsor’s place tonight. Make sure she interrogates him thoroughly. If there’s any news, report back immediately.”
“Yes, sir!”
Without hesitation, the sisters carried Predator and left.
As Dustin watched them leave, he drifted into contemplation. Predator held many secrets, whether it be the assassin organization backing him or his beastly abilities.
Dustin understood the importance of each tidbit of information. He knew that once unraveled, these secrets could unexpectedly prove invaluable.
###Chapter 2171 by Marina Vittori
The overnight uproar was soon forgotten in the light of day.
The following morning, Sacred Wrym Summit hummed with activity as people thronged in. It was the much-awaited day-the official kickoff of the Combat Tournament.
Participants and onlookers flooded the area. They were eager to witness something truly remarkable.
This unprecedented event had become the talk of the martial world. It attracted representatives from all major sects and guilds.
Even those not participating in the tournament found themselves drawn to the excitement.
Because everyone knew this was a rare chance to witness extraordinary talent, a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity not to be missed.
The Combat Tournament at Sacred Wrym Summit lasted five days. During the initial three days, Groups C and B participants would compete.
Following several rounds of elimination, the standout fighters earned their ticket to join Group A.
They would then confront the group’s brightest talents.
By the fourth day, the tournament had whittled down to the elite eight out of the initial 32 contenders.
The fifth and final day featured the eagerly anticipated semifinals and the ultimate showdown.
However, the opportunities for advancement from Groups C and B were limited. It was determined by the number of participants in Group A.
In essence, the combined total of contestants from Groups B and C, alongside those from Group A, had to be 32.
If Group A had more than 20 participants, Groups B and C would have fewer than ten advancement slots.
Thus, they had to battle through a pool of 1000 contestants to secure one of the final ten slots. It was an arduous climb.
After all, every participant in the tournament had achieved divinity and no weaklings among them.
Many martial artists were hailed as geniuses in their home turfs. Yet, upon reaching the Sacred Wrym Summit, such acclaim often fell short.
It was akin to the experience of high- achieving students in their school.
They were admired and stood out as top performers.
However, once they entered the prestigious university, they quickly realized they were just one among many.
The truth was plain to see among a cohort of exceptional students drawn from far and wide.
This reality check was harsh, yet it fueled their determination to improve themselves.
Meanwhile, Dustin and his group had already secured their seats early in the audience section at Sacred Wrym Summit.
As participants, they could enter the viewing area in advance with their number tags to rest. Otherwise, they’d be stuck standing once the rest of the audience arrived.
With such a huge turnout, it felt like the entire world had converged on the summit. Hence, Sacred Wrym Summit disciples and government personnel were dispatched to keep things under control.
After all, such grand spectacles were a rare occurrence.
“This Combat Tournament is truly a gathering of talents, with remarkable individuals from every corner,” Miles remarked.
He looked around and said excitedly, ” Take a look over there. Those are the disciples from the Harmony Sect, all pretty as flowers and tough as nails.
“And those bald monks over there? They’re from the Aureate Monastery and proficient in the 72 Zen techniques. They can take on a hundred opponents single-handedly without breaking a sweat!
“See those people on your left! They’re all disciples of the Esoteric Sword Sect. Despite their flaws, their cultivation is incredibly powerful. And rumor has it, they’re experts in the legendary Sword Mastery technique!”
Miles pointed as he shared his insights about the various sects. He seemed especially excited about the Esoteric Sword Sect, as if he had uncovered a hidden gem.
Dustin and the others couldn’t help but take notice.
Three figures, two men and a woman, stood out from the Esoteric Sword Sect. They were dressed in black robes that hid everything but their eyes.
“Miles, their faces are covered. How do you know they’re from the Esoteric Sword Sect?” Ruby asked curiously.
“It’s because their faces were covered, and they seem mysterious,” Miles replied.
“Huh? That’s your reasoning?” She narrowed her eyes, feeling a bit puzzled. She found his explanation somewhat odd, almost unbelievable.
“Heh… I was just messing with you.” He laughed.
He shook his head and continued, 11 Even though I haven’t seen the Esoteric Sword Sect disciples, I know their swords bear a distinct magnolia emblem. And that emblem is the signature of the Esoteric Sword Sect.”
“A magnolia emblem?” Ruby narrowed her eyes and looked closer.
She finally saw the hilts of the three swords carried by the masked individuals bore engravings of white magnolias. Above each magnolia, a sword hung inverted, giving it an odd appearance.
“Ah, it’s true! But how do you know all this?” she asked.
Crystal interjected abruptly, “The Sword Union’s library contains comprehensive information on swords from around the globe.
“Among them is the Esoteric Sword Sect, a subject of significant interest. If you’re unaware, it’s because you often waste your time instead of studying.”
“Crystal, I’ve just joined the sect not long ago. Why are you being so strict?” Ruby pouted, feeling a bit aggrieved.
Crystal lectured firmly, “As Sword Union disciples, we face an annual assessment. Fail, and you’re out. It’s like rowing against the current. You either push forward or get left behind. Even with talent, laziness equals mediocrity.”
“Okay, okay, I got it. After the tournament, I’ll buckle down and not slack off!” Ruby vowed.
“That’s what I want to hear.” Crystal nodded, ending the conversation there. Her words weren’t just for Ruby’s benefit but also a reminder to herself.
Crystal knew she had to push herself even harder in a world teeming with geniuses and countless individuals more talented and diligent than her.
Otherwise, she’d be left far behind by those top geniuses.
###Chapter 2172 by Marina Vittori
“Speaking of which, those disciples from the Esoteric Sword Sect are really worth paying attention to,” Miles mused.
He rubbed his chin and looked at the three figures in black robes. “Their sword mastery technique is both mysterious and powerful.
“Beheading enemies from miles away is child’s play for them. And challenging opponents above their level? That’s just routine.
“If only I could learn their technique, I reckon I could make a name for myself in the martial world.”
Crystal chimed in, “The sword mastery technique is their best-kept secret. It was never shared outside their sect. Our elder once tried to exchange it with three of our top secrets, but they refused.”
She sighed and shook her head.
The Sword Union was unwaveringly dedicated to anything sword-related.
Whether it was renowned blades, ancient sword manuals, intricate techniques, or swordsmanship principles, they would spare no expense in obtaining them.
“I happen to know a thing or two about sword mastery techniques,” Dustin suddenly interjected.
“Huh?” Miles blinked in surprise, his face showing disbelief. “Dustin, are you serious? You’re skilled in sword mastery techniques?”
“I’m not skilled, just familiar with the basics.” Dustin smiled faintly.
Growing up surrounded by the vast collection of ancient books in West Lucozia Castle’s library, he had developed a deep love for reading.
With an uncanny ability to remember every word he read, each page became imprinted in his mind.
His childhood dedication to swordplay further fueled his passion for knowledge, leading him to delve into the depths of swordsmanship.
Therefore, it was only natural that he had acquired some understanding of sword mastery techniques along the way.
“Sword mastery technique is a legendary secret skill. Even having a basic understanding is impressive!” Miles exclaimed.
He added, “I had no idea you were so well-versed. If you have the time, could you share some of your insights with us? We’d greatly appreciate it.”
“Yeah, that’d be amazing! We’d reward you generously if you could pass on some of those secrets to the Sword Union,” Ruby chimed in eagerly.
It was a golden opportunity for recognition. They were certain that mastering those sword techniques would bring significant rewards upon their return.
Dustin smiled warmly. “No need for rewards. If you’re interested, I’ll share what I know.”
He sipped his drink before continuing, Actually, there’s more than one approach to mastering sword techniques. But it all begins with something called sword nurturing.”
“Sword nurturing? What do you mean?
“Ruby asked, looking confused.
Miles and Crystal exchanged equally puzzled looks.
On the contrary, Dalen appeared lost in thought as he unfolded his fan.
Dustin explained, “Sword nurturing is about cultivating your sword core.
“Before it’s fully forged, you must feed your essence to it daily and keep refining it. This will purify the impurities in the sword core and nurture its spirit.
“It’s a long and arduous process, no shortcuts. It requires relentless effort and gradual accumulation.
“Normally, it takes at least ten years of diligent work to cultivate the sword core into a spirit sword capable of flying.
“During these ten years, there’s no room for slacking, laziness, or mistakes. Otherwise, all previous efforts will be in vain!
“Only with their own spirit sword can the wielder truly embark on learning sword mastery technique.
“In other words, ten years of hard work is just the foundation for learning the technique. There’s still a lot more to learn.”
After his explanation, Dustin casually took another sip of his drink.
“Huh? Ten years just for the foundation? That sounds incredibly tough.” Ruby sighed, feeling daunted.
With that, any interest she had in the subject disappeared.
The thought of forging sword cores every day for ten years was too daunting. She believed most martial artists would feel the same.
“This technique might be impressive, but it’s impossible to learn without natural talent and perseverance.” Dustin shrugged.
He had once found the sword mastery technique fascinating and had even given them a shot for a while. But life got in the way, and he never quite mastered them.
While he could use his cultivation and skills to achieve similar effects in combat, it didn’t qualify as mastering the technique. It lacked the flexibility and power of true sword mastery.
“Ah, forget it. I’m not cut out for this. I’ll just stick to being lazy.” Ruby stretched out her arms in resignation.
Miles lamented, “No wonder sword mastery elites are like rare gems in the martial world. Turns out the learning curve is sky-high. At our age, starting from scratch is just not feasible.”
He shook his head in defeat.
It was like the saying-a moment of glory onstage required ten years of dedication behind the scenes.
While the sword mastery technique seemed impressive, the reality was that it was incredibly challenging to learn. One wrong move could have rendered years of hard work futile.
“What a pity.” Crystal sighed.
She had been eager to get stronger, especially when she first heard about the sword mastery technique. But now, faced with its daunting difficulty, she felt disappointed.
Even those with exceptional talent needed at least a decade of relentless practice. With so much time required, she realized she could easily master the Sword Union’s techniques instead of reaching for something so distant.
“Well, I do remember some basics about sword mastery technique. If you’re interested, I’ll write them down tonight after we return to the tavern,” Dustin offered.
“I’m not interested. You should ask them.”
Ruby grabbed a lollipop and half- lounged on the chair with her headphones on.
“I appreciate your kindness, but I’m not cut out for this.” Miles politely declined with an awkward smile.
He knew his limitations, and learning the sword mastery technique was simply out of the question. He couldn’t see the point of owing Dustin a favor for something he couldn’t even attempt.
“Don’t look at me. I’m not into swords. What use would I have for it?” Dalen shrugged.
“I don’t need it either, but the Sword Union could make good use of it. If you’re open to trading, I can help make it happen.” Crystal nodded slightly.
“No trades needed for now. We’ll discuss it later if it comes up.” Dustin chuckled.
Sword mastery technique could be a friendly gift, but he wasn’t interested in trading it for petty gains.
Besides, he didn’t lack anything at the moment.
###Chapter 2173 by Marina Vittori
As Dustin and the others chatted, a commotion suddenly erupted nearby. The bustling crowd swiftly scattered. They immediately cleared a wide path as if something dreadful was approaching.
Then, a stunningly beautiful woman, accompanied by several mysterious figures in white robes, entered the tournament arena.
Her white hair and eyes gave her an otherworldly appearance, and her demeanor exuded a chilling authority.
Within a 30-foot radius, no one dared to approach her willingly. Their faces betrayed a mix of reverence and fear, as if they were avoiding a venomous serpent.
Yet, when Dustin saw the white-haired woman, he couldn’t help but pause momentarily. He was surprised as he hadn’t expected to encounter a familiar face.
“Hmm, that’s strange. That woman looks pretty, but why’s everyone acting so scared around her?” Ruby scratched her head in confusion.
“Yes, she’s beautiful. But take a closer look at the emblem on her clothes. She’s from the Mystic Arts Order,” Dalen pointed out.
“What? The Mystic Arts Order?” Ruby’s eyes widened as she instinctively took a step back. Though she hadn’t crossed paths with them, she had heard the rumors.
As one of the three major sects, their stance differed entirely from the Sword Union and the Celestial Alliance. Many regarded them as a cult.
After all, the Mystic Arts Order practiced techniques that involved constant association with poisonous creatures.
Their disciples were also known for their ambiguous conduct. They had a reputation for flouting the rules of the martial world. A spat with them could mean disaster for a whole family.
With rumors swirling, just hearing Mystic Arts Order” was enough to make people keep their distance. Over time, they became a name that struck fear into even the bravest souls.
“Who would’ve thought the Combat Tournament would attract Mystic Arts Order disciples, too? Now, the pressure’s on.” Miles scratched his chin, deep in thought.
Aside from the big names on the Legendary List, many top contenders were vying for rankings in the tournament,
The pressure was already high with the Celestial Alliance in the tournament. And now, with the Mystic Arts Order participating, it became even tougher for Sword Union disciples like Miles to stand out.
“Miles, you’ve got it wrong. That woman isn’t just any disciple of the Mystic Arts Order,” Dalen said with a smirk.
“Wait, do you know her?” Miles was surprised.
“If I’m not mistaken, she’s Abigail, the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order. Ranked second on the Legendary List,” Dalen revealed.
“What? The Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order? Ranked second on the Legendary List?” Miles’ eyes widened in disbelief.
Crystal and Ruby shared his astonishment.
They never would’ve guessed that Abigail, who seemed so gentle and unassuming, held such a prestigious position.
The authority that came with being the Grand Sorceress and ranking second on the Legendary List was enough to command respect and awe from everyone.
“Ah, so that’s Abigail. She looks even better than the rumors.” Ruby’s surprise quickly turned into admiration.
Ruby had only two female idols on the Legendary List-Abigail and Scarlet, the Goddess of War from Dragonmarsh. So, it was no surprise that seeing one of them in person left her beyond excited.
She might have approached Abigail for a chat if they were in a less crowded place.
But amidst the crowd’s watchful eyes and as a disciple of the Sword Union, Ruby knew striking up a casual conversation wasn’t an option.
It would raise unnecessary suspicions and potentially cause trouble for both parties.
“Whoa, I didn’t expect the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order to be so young. Thought she’d be older,” Miles blurted out excitedly.
For him, catching even a glimpse of the second-ranked legend on the Legendary List was already a great honor.
“Wait… she seems to be heading our way,” Crystal observed. Her gaze sharpened as she quickly noticed something off.
Abigail, who had been strolling alone, suddenly spotted something intriguing. A mischievous smirk played on her lips as she abruptly changed course.
She marched purposefully toward them with a hint of excitement in her stride.
“Hmm, she really is coming over. What does she want with us?” Ruby glanced around but didn’t spot anyone else nearby.
Abigail was definitely making a beeline for them.
“Maybe she’s into my charm?” Miles ran a hand through his hair, adjusting his clothes with a hopeful expression.
“Come on, Miles, let’s be real. If anyone’s catching her eye, it’s Dalen, not you,” Ruby countered, bringing down his excitement a notch.
She couldn’t deny Miles had some charm, but compared to Dalen, he didn’t stand a chance.
“Everyone, be careful! People from the Mystic Arts Order are not to be trifled with!” Crystal frowned slightly and instinctively gripped her sword’s hilt.
Abigail was the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order. She ranked second on the Legendary List and carried immense weight with her reputation.
That added pressure on Crystal, making her extra cautious in her actions.
Amid everyone’s astonishment, confusion, and curiosity, Abigail dashed forward. Her face lit up with excitement and surprise, and she flung herself into Dustin’s embrace.
“Sir, we meet again!”
Abigail’s sweet smile melted her icy exterior, replacing it with warmth and liveliness. But this unexpected display left everyone gaping in disbelief.
“Huh?”
Miles stood frozen with a bewildered smile.
Ruby blinked and rubbed her eyes in disbelief.
Crystal, caught off guard, froze with her sword halfway drawn.
Even Dalen, usually so perceptive, looked astonished.
None of them had expected Abigail, the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order, to throw herself affectionately into Dustin’s arms with such carefree abandon.
Questions raced through Dalen’s mind as he pondered about Dustin’s identity and how he could be so familiar with Abigail.
###Chapter 2174 by Marina Vittori
“Wait… am I seeing things? The Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order is actually in another man’s arms?”
“They say she’s ruthless, cold-blooded, but she doesn’t seem quite like the rumors.”
“Who is that guy? How could he make the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order fall for him? Is he some big shot?
The sudden turn of events sparked whispers and finger-pointing among the onlookers.
They never expected the notorious Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order to have such an innocent and adorable side. At that moment, she looked just like any ordinary woman.
If it weren’t for the several guardians of the Mystic Arts Order standing behind Abigail, they would have doubted her identity.
“Hmm?”
Abigail’s behavior startled Dustin just as much as it did the rest of the crowd. After all, he had completely changed his appearance with his disguise, looking nothing like his usual self.
He couldn’t help but wonder how Abigail had managed to recognize him at a glance.
“Sir, what’s wrong? You don’t look too thrilled to see me.” Abigail tilted her head and smiled.
“Erm… no. I’m just surprised.” Dustin’s hand instinctively reached for his face. He wanted to ensure his face-changing art remained intact, but his confusion grew deeper.
“No need to touch your face. I don’t even need eyes to know it’s you. Your smell gives you away,” she said, pointing to her nose.
She continued, “Your scent is strong. I could sniff you out from miles away. Pretty impressive, right?”
He smiled and praised, “Yes, it’s impressive. You’re even better than a dog.”
“Are you complimenting me or mocking me?” Abigail rolled her eyes.
“I’m just joking.” Dustin laughed. “So, are you here for the Combat Tournament too?”
“The tournament hosted by Sacred Wrym Summit is a big deal. So, of course, we’re here to support and scout new talent,” she said honestly.
“It’s indeed a great opportunity with many skilled participants gathered here.” He nodded in agreement.
“And what about you, sir? You’re not just here for the fame, right?” she teased with a grin.
Dustin admitted openly, “I’m here to enjoy myself but also to take care of some business for a friend.”
“Got it, lips sealed!” Abigail winked playfully.
Her astuteness made her realize that his presence at Sacred Wrym Summit had deeper motives than mere interest in the tournament. After all, he wouldn’t have used face-changing art.
“Are these your friends?” she asked, looking at Dalen and the others.
“Yes, I met them at the Sacred Wrym Summit. Let me introduce them to you.
Dustin extended his hand and introduced, “This is Dalen Shade, the heir apparent of Shadow Citadel. He’s knowledgeable in both arts and sciences and very friendly.”
“Hello, Mr. Shade,” Abigail greeted with a smile.
“Dustin, you flatter me. I’m just an ordinary man who can’t reach the highest halls of sophistication.” Dalen returned the gesture with a nod, though he was a bit surprised.
He hadn’t mentioned he was the successor of Shadow Citadel, yet Dustin had seen right through him.
Dustin continued his introductions, ” These three are elite disciples of the Sword Union, gifted with exceptional talent and extraordinary skills.
“Crystal Wesley, Miles Young, and Ruby Wesley.”
###Chapter 2175 by Marina Vittori
“Your reputation precedes you, Grand Sorceress. Meeting you today confirms it.” Crystal nodded respectfully, her demeanor composed and full of respect.
“You’re too kind, Ms. Wesley,” Abigail replied with a gentle nod.
“Uh… Greetings, Grand Sorceress,” Miles stammered, visibly nervous as he hastily nodded.
“You’re friends with Mr. Dustin, so you’re my friend too. No need to be so formal.” Abigail’s warm smile was devoid of any trace of arrogance.
“I’m Ruby Wesley, pleased to meet you! “Ruby exclaimed eagerly and extended her hand.
Abigail wasn’t just the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order but also ranked second on the Legendary List. Hence, Ruby felt honored to be acquainted with someone of her caliber.
“Pleasure’s mine.” Abigail smiled as she shook Ruby’s hand.
However, this simple act caused Crystal and Miles’s expressions to change.
After all, rumors circulated that Abigail was filled with parasitic poison. Any physical contact with her was perceived as potentially life-threatening.
“Don’t worry. Mystic Arts Order disciples aren’t savage beasts. We don’t harm without reason,” Abigail reassured them with a knowing smile as if she had sensed their concerns.
Crystal and Miles exchanged a sheepish glance. They realized their inner concerns hadn’t gone unnoticed by Abigail.
Once introductions were exchanged, they all settled into their seats. Yet, with Abigail among them, Dustin and his companions inevitably became the focal point of attention.
Whispers and speculations rippled through the crowd of martial artists as fingers subtly pointed their way.
Mystic Arts Order disciples typically kept to themselves, seldom mingling with others. So, seeing someone like Dustin engaged in lively conversation with the Grand Sorceress was a rare sight.
Abigail suddenly suggested, “Sir, I’ve heard many formidable contestants this time, including some remarkable individuals. While you’re strong, it might be tough to excel through all the challenges.
“But fear not, for I have a solution that could easily ensure your victory and secure favorable rankings for your friends.”
Dalen and the others instantly perked up at her words.
They had journeyed to Sacred Wrym Summit with aspirations to carve out a name for themselves. The prospect of Abigail offering a means to secure a favorable ranking was immensely appealing to them.
“Oh? What’s your plan then? I’m all ears.” Dustin chuckled. He was all in if it meant conserving his energy to pass the challenges.
“It’s simple,” Abigail replied, her grin widening with confidence. “Identify those who pose a threat to us, then secretly poison them to destroy their cultivation. That way, we’ll have nothing to worry about!”
“Huh? Poison them?”
Dalen and the others exchanged dumbfounded glances, unsure how to react to the suggestion. They couldn’t find the words to respond.
Was this supposed to be a joke? The plan seemed like a surefire disaster waiting to happen.
With the Combat Tournament attracting elite martial artists from diverse sects, poisoning them would undoubtedly provoke the ire of every faction.
If their plot were to be uncovered, their survival, let alone their participation in the tournament, would be uncertain.
They concluded that only a madman would entertain such a suicidal scheme.
###Chapter 2176 by Marina Vittori
“Abigail? Are you for real?” Dustin raised his eyebrows in disbelief.
Since discovering her hidden abilities, she had become bolder than usual. He thought he was ready for anything, but her boldness surprised him.
On the day of the Combat Tournament, she suggested poisoning all the skilled disciples from different sects.
Dustin felt uneasy about taking such a risky step. He came to understand that Abigail’s way of thinking was beyond conventional norms.
She exclaimed proudly, “Of course, I’m serious! With us poisoning those formidable opponents, winning the championship will be a breeze, don’t you think? I feel like a genius for coming up with this brilliant plan!”
Dustin fell silent while Dalen and the others tensed up. They felt like they were treading on thin ice.
Abigail was loud and caught all the nearby martial artists’ attention.
Everyone cast wary glances in their direction, and some even started to reach for their weapons.
If Abigail continued to speak boldly, Dustin and the others would soon be considered enemies in the martial world.
It became evident why disciples of the Mystic Arts Order were so despised. Their frequent tactic of using poison made it difficult for them to be accepted.
“Abigail, abandon this idea. The tournament should be about fairness and skill, not underhanded tactics,” Dustin stated earnestly.
He intentionally raised his voice to help ease the tension among the martial artists nearby.
“Sir, are you doubting my plan?” She tilted her head to look at him.
“I’m not, but I’m concerned about the risks involved,” Dustin replied.
He discreetly glanced around and whispered, “Everyone heard you. If things go wrong, we’ll all be in hot water. Let’s stick to fair play and rely on our abilities.”
“What’s there to be afraid of? If anyone challenges us, we’ll poison them!”
Abigail declared confidently. She glanced at the martial artists nearby.
However, those who looked back at her seemed shaken, as if they had encountered a strong opponent.
“Alright, young lady. Tone down on the violence. A gentler approach might be better for you, especially if you’re thinking about settling down.” Dustin redirected the conversation.
She retorted, “Settle down? No way! Men are the worst!”
She quickly changed the topic and smiled. “Except for you, that is. You’re the exception, the cream of the crop!”
“You little rascal!” Dustin shook his head and smiled helplessly. Dalen and Miles exchanged looks and grinned wryly. After all, Abigail’s comment about men had quite an impact on them.
“Ms. Abigail, I’ve heard your Mystic Arts Order’s venomous curses are legendary. Can you show it to me?”
Ruby’s curiosity bubbled up unexpectedly.
“We’ve got quite the collection of venomous curses. Which one are you interested in?” Abigail smiled.
Most people would avoid her once they realized who she was, but Ruby appeared unaffected.
“Anything’s fine, but I want something unique,” Ruby replied enthusiastically.
“Unique, huh?” Abigail raised an eyebrow and smiled. “Alright, I’ll show it to you. But I need a pair of male and female volunteers.”
“I’m in! And as for the other volunteers ..” Ruby glanced at Miles. “Miles, let’s help Ms. Abigail.”
“Huh? Me?” He froze. He was caught off guard and wondered how he had been roped into this.
“It’s a chance to try something new. Help satisfy my curiosity,” Ruby said eagerly.
“Is it… safe?” His eyes darted around nervously.
Everyone knew how dangerous the Mystic Arts Order’s curses could be. What if he ended up being the test subject?
Miles naturally wasn’t willing to gamble with his life.
“Don’t worry, you won’t die,” Abigail reassured, though her tone lacked conviction.
“Miles, you’re usually the picture of bravery and wisdom. You’re not about to chicken out now, are you?” Ruby quickly resorted to psychological coercion when she noticed his lingering hesitation.
“Who said anything about chickening out? It’s just helping out, right? Let’s do this. Let’s go. If I waver, then I’m no longer Miles Young!”
Miles puffed his chest to display his bravery. As a man, he couldn’t afford to back down in situations like this.
Abigail said, “Okay, let’s proceed.”
She smirked and reached for her waistband. From there, she pulled out two pills, one black and one white. They looked ordinary, about the size of a pea.
“Here, one for each of you,” she said. Then, she handed Miles the black pill and Ruby the white one.
“What is it?” Ruby asked curiously.
“Swallow it, and I’ll tell you,” Abigail said with a mischievous grin.
“Okay.” Ruby nodded and downed the white pill without a second thought.
In contrast, Miles hesitated as he eyed the black pill warily.
“What are you waiting for, Miles? Gulp it down!” Ruby urged.
After a deep breath, he gritted his teeth and reluctantly swallowed the black pill.
“Ms. Abigail, can you tell us now?” Ruby asked eagerly.
Abigail replied, “This is the Echoed Curse, also known as the Affliction Curse. Once you ingest it, your lives will be bound together.”
She smiled and explained, “From here on out, you two are bound together, for better or worse.”
“Bound together? What does it mean?” Miles looked perplexed.
“Oh, it’s simple,” Abigail replied casually. She unwrapped a lollipop and popped it into her mouth. “It means you’re now sharing a life. One dies, the other will also die.”
As they understood what she meant, the mood grew somber.
###Chapter 2177 by Marina Vittori
“What?” Miles was shocked. He jumped from his seat, thinking he must have misheard.
He could not believe he was sharing a life with Ruby because of a pill. How ridiculous. Who would ever believe this?
The others looked bewildered after hearing Abigail’s unexpected revelation.
The Echoed Curse was a powerful and rarely seen spell. It could change destinies and even save lives.
But Abigail had turned it into a joke and bound Miles and Ruby’s lives together. This prank had gone too far.
“Ms. Abigail, can we undo this Echoed Curse?” Ruby’s voice quivered.
Her initial curiosity now filled her with dread and uncertainty. She disliked the idea of sharing her fate, especially with Miles.
As she pondered, a troubling realization struck her. What if he got into trouble one day? Would she be pulled down with him?
“No, the Echoed Curses are for one- time use only. Once taken, their effects can’t be undone,” Abigail explained.
She smiled faintly and added, “From now on, your destinies are linked, so take care of each other.”
“What?” Ruby’s face tightened, and tears welled up in her eyes. “This… is too sudden, doesn’t it?”
“What’s wrong? Didn’t you want something unique?” Abigail asked innocently.
“Unique?” Ruby’s eyes narrowed, showing her bitterness.
How could this be unique? She was clearly putting their lives in danger.
“Ruby! You… you’re such a fool!” Miles fumed as he smacked his thigh in frustration.
If Ruby hadn’t insisted on trying it, would he have risked his life like this? Now, he had to deal with the consequences and couldn’t even complain.
Ruby pursed her lips. She admitted her mistake and chose to remain quiet.
Abigail reassured, “Don’t worry. The Echoed Curse offers more than just binding your lives,” she explained. ” You’ll gain telepathic skills to improve teamwork.
“Plus, your abilities will grow faster when training together, achieving double progress in half the time. With perseverance and time, your hard work will lead to success.”
Miles and Ruby felt relieved upon hearing this. They knew they couldn’t change the fact that their lives were bound together. But they found solace in the advantages of the Echoed Curse.
“Mr. Harding, they’re over there. I could see them, no doubt about it!”
Suddenly, a group of burly men dressed in black stormed into the venue with an intimidating air. Their intimidating appearance and long swords hinted at trouble.
Standing at a towering six feet five, the leader looked rough and menacing, like a thug.
Miles sensed trouble and said, “Hey, aren’t those guys from Frostzard Manor? Looks like they’re heading our way.”
“Frostzard Manor? Are they strong?” Ruby asked, looking confused.
“They’re known as one of the strongest factions in the northwest,” he said, scratching his chin. “But there are rumors that their elder passed away recently in strange circumstances.
He continued, “It’s surprising to see them here after their mourning period just ended.”
As Miles spoke, the Frostzard Manor group approached.
“Ah, found you at last, troublemaker!” The leader pointed at Abigail. “You’ve got some nerve showing your face here! With plenty of other options, you chose to walk right into the lion’s den. Today, I’ll avenge my father’s death!”
“Huh?” Abigail raised an eyebrow, looking at him like he was crazy. “Who are you? Have we met before?”
The leader replied, “I’m Luke Harding from Frostzard Manor!”
He added angrily, “Recently, my father, Maurice Harding, died under mysterious circumstances. And it’s supposedly because of your Mystic Arts Order! You’ll pay for it since you’re associated with them!”
“Frostzard Manor?” Abigail’s expression turned cold. “What does your father’s death have to do with me? Take your vengeance elsewhere.”
Luke retorted, “Hmph! Enough with your excuses! All those Mystic Arts Order disciples are wicked, horrible scoundrels!”
He declared angrily, “Today, you’ve crossed paths with me, and I’ll ensure to avenge my father’s death. Justice will be served!”
“Justice? Ha… How noble.” Abigail scoffed. “These supposed righteous groups, how many of them really care about fairness?
“They’re just hypocrites, pretending to be noble. They talk about doing the right thing while acting horribly-it makes me sick!”
“Stop talking!” Luke glared at her. ” You won’t change my mind. Surrender or face the consequences!”
“If you’re not afraid to die, then let’s do it. I’ll wipe your faction off from the face of the earth,” Abigail said flatly.
Unlike her behavior with Dustin, she now showed the authority and toughness of the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order.
“You insolent troublemaker! We’ll make you pay today! Attack!” Filled with anger, Luke ordered his disciples to attack.
“Attack!”
In response, the Frostzard Manor disciples drew their swords.
“Stop!”
A loud shout rang out as tensions rose when both groups prepared for a fight.
The powerful voice echoed loudly, making everyone shiver and stop moving.
The Frostzard Manor men, ready to attack just moments ago, froze in place as if struck by lightning.
At that moment, a middle-aged monk arrived. He gracefully descended and landed among the two groups.
Though unassuming in appearance, his strong presence affected everyone around him.
Under this imposing figure, not a soul dared to move.
###Chapter 2178 by Marina Vittori
The arrival of the middle-aged monk instantaneously hushed the entire training ground.
It was only when he gradually tamed his imposing presence that whispers began to ripple through the crowd.
“Who is that? He looks powerful.”
“Of course he is. He’s Oron Foyer, the disciple of the Ancient Sage!”
“Ah, that explains it. I’ve heard he’s incredibly strong, nearly on par with Kaden, another disciple of the Ancient Sage. It seems the rumors are true.”
“Well, with Master Oron here, I doubt anyone will start any fights today.”
As Oron stood in the center, the crowd started murmuring. Today was the Combat Tournament held by the Sacred Wrym Summit, so security naturally was the top priority.
If things got out of hand, it wouldn’t just be a feud between sects-it could turn into a big fight.
Alliances were frequent in the martial world, and a skirmish between a few could drag others in. If that happened, matters would quickly spiral out of control.
So, when the Frostzard Manor was about to throw the first punch, Oron stepped in promptly to avert a riot.
“Today is the day of the Combat Tournament at Sacred Wrym Summit. If you’re eager for a fight, let’s settle it in the battle ring. Remember to follow the rules and keep things civil.”
Oron bowed respectfully to the Frostzard Manor group. Then, he turned to Abigail and her friends and bowed again. Though polite, his tone was firm.
“Who is this blasted monk blocking our path? Do you have a death wish or something?” Luke glared fiercely at Oron and ignored his words.
His bold attitude made his disciples uneasy. Despite Frostzard Manor’s power, they knew they weren’t ready to challenge Sacred Wrym Summit.
Lambert Ramsfeld, an elderly man with a distinguished goatee, stood behind Luke. He whispered, “Mr. Harding, this man is Oron Foyer. He’s from Sacred Wrym Summit, a disciple of the Ancient Sage. We shouldn’t mess with him.”
Lambert was ready to face the Mystic Arts Order for Maurice’s sake, but he wouldn’t risk angering Sacred Wrym Summit. After all, no one in the martial world dared to mess with the Sacred Wrym Summit.
“Oron? Who cares? I don’t care who he is. Anyone who tries to stop me from getting revenge will regret it!” Luke shouted angrily.
“What an idiot,” Abigail muttered as she ignored Luke. She sat down and watched the situation unfold like it was entertainment.
With Oron from Sacred Wrym Summit present, she knew she didn’t have to do anything.
“Mr. Harding, we’re in Sacred Wrym Summit’s territory. It’s not smart to ?tir up trouble with so many powerful sects around,” Lambert warned.
Despite Frostzard Manor’s influence in the northwest, they couldn’t risk angering other major sects at Sacred Wrym Summit.
“I have to avenge my father, don’t I? What does being wise have to do with it? Should I just sit back while the killer gets away?” Luke yelled angrily.
“Well…” Lambert hesitated.
He didn’t pay much attention to Luke when Maurice was alive. He just thought Luke was a bit impulsive.
###Chapter 2179 by Marina Vittori
But now Lambert realized Luke wasn’t just impulsive, but foolish. He thought that Luke just couldn’t see the bigger picture.
“Sir, any personal issues between you two can be resolved in the battle ring or discussed privately later. But causing trouble here isn’t acceptable,” Oron said calmly.
Luke glared at him and yelled, “You, meddling monk! My affairs are none of your concern. If you know what’s good for you, stay out of it, or things might turn ugly!”
Lambert was left speechless and astonished upon hearing that.
The Frostzard Manor disciples wiped their brows nervously. They weren’t sure whether to praise Luke for his bravery or criticize him for recklessly challenging Sacred Wrym Summit.
They knew their sect wouldn’t survive much longer at this rate.
“Sir, if you don’t comply, I’ll have to ask you to leave Sacred Wrym Summit, “Oron said sternly.
“You think I’ll just leave because you say so? I’m staying here. I doubt you’ll do anything about it!” Luke said defiantly and glared at Oron as if he were invincible.
Oron frowned at Luke’s rudeness. Although he usually kept his temper in check, Luke’s arrogance irritated him.
“Fine! You want me to leave? Show me what you can do! Let’s see if you can walk the talk!” Luke challenged arrogantly and waved his sword.
The Frostzard Manor disciples exchanged uneasy glances. They were visibly distressed by the situation. The martial artists around them smirked mockingly and were excited to see what would happen next.
After all, it had been a while since they had seen a maniac daring enough to challenge the Sacred Wyrm Summit. Naturally, they were eager to watch the spectacle.
“This is your final warning to leave Sacred Wrym Summit,” Oron said sternly. An invisible force seemed to emanate from him.
Suddenly, a strong wind whipped around them, kicking up dust and debris.
“You want me to leave? Fine! But you’ll have to fight me first!” Luke snarled.
Upon hearing that, Oron lost his temper. Anger flashed in his eyes, accompanied by a power capable of causing destruction.
“Master Oron, you don’t have to deal with this riffraff. Let me handle it.” Suddenly, a casual voice came from the crowd.
Then, a young monk wearing a worn- out outfit and flip-flops stepped forward. It was Caleb. He casually approached Oron as he picked his nose. Caleb’s eyes were half- closed as if he had just woken up.
“Master Oron, why don’t you take a break? I’ve dealt with these types before,” Caleb said lazily.
“Then, I’ll leave it to you.” Oron nodded and calmed down. He knew confronting someone younger wouldn’t be appropriate for someone of his status.
But Caleb was different, being ten years younger than Luke. So, it wouldn’t be considered bullying.
“Hey, Big Guy, I’ll give you two options, ” Caleb said, holding up two fingers. ” Either you leave on your own, or I’ll kick you out!”
###Chapter 2180 by Marina Vittori
Caleb held up two fingers and said casually, “I’ll give you two options. Either you leave on your own, or I’ll kick you out!”
“Hmph! Who do you think you are to order me around? Do you have a death wish?” Luke’s eyes narrowed with disdain.
“If you don’t leave, I’ll have to take action. You might end up with broken bones and bedridden for a while,” Caleb said as he continued to pick his nose.
“Are you threatening me? Do you think I’m scared? If you’re brave, go ahead and try it! I’d like to see what you can do!” Luke said arrogantly and waved his sword.
Caleb continued, “The old man used to say, ‘Be polite before using force.’ Well, I’ve tried being nice, but if you keep being like this. So, don’t blame me for getting rough.”
He raised his hand and pointed at Lukes from a distance. “Stormcraft.”
Then, a bolt of blue lightning shot forth from his fingertips and hit the furious Luke.
The lightning bolt was incredibly fast, striking Luke in the chest before he could react.
There was a loud explosion, and Luke’s shirt ripped apart. The force sent him flying and crashing heavily to the ground 30 feet away.
“Mr. Harding!”
The disciples of Frostzard Manor gasped and paled as they ran toward him. The other martial artists exchanged uneasy looks but were amazed by what had just happened.
Nobody expected the monk from Sacred Wrym Summit to be so skilled. With just one use of Stormcraft, they witnessed Caleb easily defeat Luke.
Even though Luke was arrogant and halfway to becoming a grandmaster elite, it was surprising to see him defeated so effortlessly.
Electric sparks crackled in the air as Luke lay unconscious on the ground. His clothes were ripped, his chest burnt, and his limbs frozen, leaving him unable to move.
As he lay there, sparks flickered over his body, causing several Frostzard Manor disciples to recoil in shock when they tried to touch him.
“Mr. Harding? Mr. Harding?”
The disciples gathered around Luke and shouted continuously but hesitated to get too close. As the shock wore off, Luke started to stir from his paralyzed state.
“What happened?” He shook his head in confusion.
Everything had happened quickly, leaving him no time to react before Caleb’s Stormcraft hit him. Then, he blacked out and couldn’t remember what happened.
Lambert pointed at Luke’s chest and said, “You got hit by Stormcraft.”
Looking down, Luke saw his chest covered in blood and burned flesh with a charred smell. Instantly, he was furious.
“What the hell!” He slammed the ground hard and pushed himself up. As he stood, he pointed his sword at Caleb.
“You rotten monk! I didn’t expect you to stoop so low and do a sneak attack! Is this the style of your Sacred Wrym Summit?”
“A sneak attack?” Caleb smirked. “I’m attacking you directly, so where’s the sneakiness? But you’re tough, so I’ll give you that. You took a hit from Stormcraft and are still standing.”
“What the hell is this Stormcraft? It couldn’t even hurt me! Your Sacred Wrym Summit’s skills aren’t that impressive!” Luke retorted.
“Not impressive?”
Caleb flicked the booger he had picked onto the ground, immediately creating a hole.
He said lightly, “I only used ten percent of my strength to teach you a lesson. Keep up this act and don’t be surprised if I get tougher.'”
“Hmph! Quit your damn yapping! Today, I’m going to take you on!” Luke replied boldly. He brandished his sword and rushed toward Caleb.
“Mr. Harding! No!”
Everyone from Frostzard Manor was terrified. Their faces turned pale as they shouted to stop Luke, but it was too late.
Luke was already blinded by anger and couldn’t stop himself.
“Go to hell!” he roared. He gripped the sword hilt tightly and swung it at Caleb’s head.
“Still as stubborn as ever.” Caleb shook his head and pointed at Luke’s sword from afar.
Suddenly, a bolt of blue lightning shot out and struck the sword.
With a loud crack, Luke’s sword shapped in half. The force caused him to tremble and freeze in place.
Before he could do anything, Caleb’s finger emitted another burst of blue light.
The light formed into a ball as it gradually grew to the size of a basketball. It crackled with lightning and brimming with energy.
“Ah?” Luke’s expression darkened.
He felt the weight of the pressure bearing down on him. Shivers ran down his spine, and goosebumps covered his body.
He had a gut feeling that taking a hit would cause serious injuries.
“Stormcraft.” Caleb acted quickly and lightly tapped the blue lightning ball with his finger.
The ball shot toward Luke with incredible speed.
Sensing imminent danger, Luke instinctively raised his broken sword to block.
A loud explosion filled the air as the lightning ball shattered the sword. The intense energy erupted suddenly.
Luke was thrown backward like a cannonball, flying over 30 yards before crashing into a boulder.
The impact split the rock into fragments with another loud blast.
Luke lay on the ground, coughing up blood. He was barely conscious. His body felt limp, as if he was barely holding onto life, with multiple broken bones.
“Damn… Damn it!” He spat blood and cursed before his head dropped to the side, and he passed out.
“Mr. Harding!”
The Frostzard Manor disciples rushed forward. They quickly gave him tablets and channeled true energy to revive him.
Caleb said calmly, “He’ll be fine, but he’ll need to stay in bed for at least six months.”
“Why you-” Lambert clenched his teeth in anger but held back from attacking. He ordered Luke to be taken away before leaving with a displeased expression.
This encounter made all factions present realize the power of Sacred Wrym Summit. Seeing the strength of techniques like Stormcraft filled them
with awe and caution.
It was clear that only a fool would provoke the Sacred Wrym Summit.
###Chapter 2181 by Marina Vittori
“The fight is over, so let’s call it a day. Master Oron, the stage is yours.”
Caleb yawned and left after he chased away the Frostzard Manor.
With his tired appearance, it seemed like he hadn’t slept in days.
“Let me reiterate that you must abide by our rules while at Sacred Wrym Summit.” Oron’s gaze swept the surroundings as he spoke with authority.
He continued, “No matter your grievances or grudges, settle them in the battle ring or privately after the tournament. If anyone starts trouble here, Sacred Wrym Summit won’t stand for it and will act accordingly.”
“Master Oron is right. I’ll be the first to stop anyone who breaks the rules!”
“Exactly! Disrespecting Sacred Wrym Summit is like disrespecting me! I’m right here. Let’s see who has the guts to stir up trouble!”
“I think the people from Frostzard Manor are just asking for trouble. They deserve whatever they get, even death!”
The crowd erupted into a cacophony of voices, expressing solidarity with Sacred Wrym Summit.
They made it clear that breaking the rules would have consequences. While it might have sounded like empty talk, at least the spirit was there.
“Thank you all for being here.” Oron began with a respectful bow. “The first day of the tournament is about to start. Now, let me explain the rules.
“The goal of this Combat Tournament is friendly sparring and pushing each other to our limits.
“If one participant falls off the battle ring or concedes, the other must stop their attacks. Breaking this rule leads to immediate disqualification.
“Furthermore, there are no restrictions on weapons or techniques. So, feel free to showcase your skills. However, malicious intent to kill is prohibited. The referee can end the match if necessary.
“Lastly, I hope everyone can use this opportunity to exchange martial arts skills and improve together.”
As soon as the words were spoken, the crowd erupted into applause.
It was unclear if anyone paid attention to the rules, but applause seemed fitting.
Oron continued, “Today’s tournament is for Group C participants. If your number is called, please head to the designated battle ring for your match.
“Absence or tardiness will result in disqualification, with the other participant advancing to the next round.”
“That’s all for now. Let the battle commence!”
Oron quickly outlined the rules before officially starting the tournament.
Soon, the entire venue became lively.
Sacred Wrym Summit had set up eight battle rings to accommodate the large number of participants.
Matches took place simultaneously in each ring, with a monk from Sacred Wrym Summit serving as referee.
Participants would enter the ring to begin their battles when their numbers were called.
In the first three days, matches from Group C took place. While this group might not be as strong as Groups B and A, all participants were carefully chosen elites.
One needed strength equivalent to lifting thousands of pounds to sign up for the tournament.
Usually, only Divine-level martial artists could reach this level unless they were exceptionally talented. So, most of the contestants in Group C were Divine-level martial artists at different skill levels.
Being a Divine-level martial artist would make anyone stand out in major sects. They were also seen as top talents in smaller sects and got special attention for training.
So, paying attention to the matches with Group C contestants was important. After all, there might be some outstanding individuals among them.
The major sects were proactive for two main reasons. First, it allowed them to show off their prestige and strength in battles. Second, it gave them a chance to find and recruit talented people.
The Combat Tournament at the Sacred Wrym Summit was the perfect place for this.
It brought the best martial artists from all over the region so that the sects could select the best.
For sects fortunate enough to recruit one or two of these exceptional talents, they would undoubtedly be a significant asset to the sect.
Abigail suddenly proposed, “Hey everyone, isn’t just watching the matches a bit boring? How about we spice things up with a bet?”
“Betting? How?” Ruby’s interest was quickly piqued.
Abigail replied, “It’s quite simple. We’ll bet on the matches’ outcomes. I’ll be the banker, and you’ll be the players.”
She explained eagerly, “There are eight battle rings, so I’ll split them into eight pots. Before the matches start, you can place your bets however you like-pick your favorites. If you win, I’ll double your winnings. How does that sound?”
“Sounds interesting. Why don’t we all give it a try?” Ruby chirped and looked at the others around her.
“Sure, why not? It’s not like we have anything better to do. It’s just a harmless bet.” Dalen chuckled and nodded in agreement.
“Count me in!” Miles chimed in, raising his hand. “I might not be good at much, but I’ve got a good eye for these things. Just follow my lead!”
“What are we betting?” Crystal asked curiously.
“Gold, jewelry, valuable techniques, divine weapons-anything of worth is fair game. I’m open to all offers!” Abigail smiled.
“Looks like you’re going to lose big today, Ms. Abigail,” Ruby said with a playful smile.
“As long as you’re willing to bet, I will match it. After all, the Mystic Arts Order has plenty of treasures,” Abigail said casually.
When they heard that, everyone got excited.
The Mystic Arts Order, known for its wealth and influence, had a treasure trove. It was rivaled only by the Celestial Alliance.
Moreover, Abigail was the Mystic Arts Order’s Grand Sorceress. She likely possessed many such treasures.
So, this was their chance to make a small bet turn into a big win. Seeing everyone agree, she quickly instructed her subordinates to get things ready.
They set up eight bowls in a row, each numbered from 1 to 8, representing the eight battle rings. Next, they gathered slips of paper for betting.
Those wishing to place bets on a participant would jot down their number on a slip and toss it into the matching bowl.
And just like that, a betting pool was officially set up.
As soon as everything was prepared, Abigail announced, “Come on, everyone, the tournament is about to begin! Get ready to place your bets.
Take your chances, and let luck decide the outcome.”
Her words drew the attention of many martial artists around.
After all, opening a betting pool at Sacred Wrym Summit was a novel idea.
###Chapter 2182 by Marina Vittori
Abigail’s words immediately caught the attention of the crowd. Among them, martial artists with a penchant for gambling were particularly eager to join in.
However, everyone hesitated to approach her due to her status as the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order.
“Alright, let me start things off!” Taking the initiative, Miles took a pendant and placed it on the table as his bet.
He continued, “I’m betting on Number 28 in the third battle ring. He’s a disciple of the Vanguard Sect, and from what I know, he’s quite formidable. His odds of winning are high.”
Then, he grabbed a piece of paper and jotted down the number 28 before tossing it into the designated matching bowl.
The tournament organizers randomly paired martial artists against each other rather than following a predetermined order to ensure fairness.
When the referee called out a name, the respective participant had to step onto the battle ring promptly. Failure to do so or arriving late would result in disqualification.
Ruby said, “I’ll follow his lead and go with Number 28.”
She pulled a bottle of tablets from her pocket and placed it on the table. ” These haemoplenish tablets work wonders to treat internal and external injuries.”
“Great! I’m open to any bet as long as the item holds value,” Abigail said with a smile.
As the bookie, she wasn’t worried about losing money. Instead, her concern lay in the potential lack of participants. After all, each additional bet would add to her earnings.
Dalen chimed in, “Count me in.”
He opened a sandalwood box that contained a dazzling ruby that looked quite valuable. “I’m betting on Number 15 in the fifth battle ring.”
He scribbled down the number and tossed it into the bowl.
Dalen wasn’t worried about the outcome of the bet. Instead, it was about showing deference to Abigail and spicing things up.
To him, winning was a bonus, and losing would only mean parting with a gemstone, so he didn’t see it as a big deal.
“I don’t have anything valuable except this.” Crystal pulled a short sword from her waist and placed it on the table.
The sword, forged from dark steel, was a foot long with intricate carvings on the hilt and embedded gemstones.
Ruby was surprised and asked, ” Crystal, are you sure you want to bet with this dark steel sword?”
“I hardly ever use it, so why not try my luck?” Crystal replied indifferently.
After all, she already had a long sword. The short one was leftover material from when her long sword was forged, so it didn’t serve much purpose.
“So, who are you betting on?” Ruby asked curiously.
Crystal replied, “I’m placing my bet on Number 6 in the first battle ring.”
“Number 6?” Ruby glanced over to see a female martial artist and seemed
puzzled. “Any particular reason?”
“Just a gut feeling,” Crystal replied, keeping it short and to the point.
“Oh, I see…” Ruby was momentarily at a loss for words. After all, Crystal’s response was hard to argue with.
“Would you like to bet, Sir?” Abigail suddenly turned to Dustin and smiled coyly. “Well, you’re loaded anyway, so losing a bit won’t hurt.”
“You think I’m going to lose?” Dustin smirked. “I’m more concerned about winning and making you nervous.”
“Then, let’s make a bet. Who’s afraid of a little challenge?” She raised her chin defiantly.
He smiled and reached into his pocket to retrieve a bottle of tablets, which he placed on the table. “These are Tigarius tablets. They enhance physical abilities, boost cultivation, and breakthrough realms. This is my wager.
“Tigarius tablets? Now that’s some good stuff!” Abigail’s eyes lit up. “So, who are you betting on?”
###Chapter 2183 by Marina Vittori
“I’m going with Ms. Wesley’s choice-
Number 6 in the first battle ring.” Dustin wrote on a slip of paper before tossing it into the designated bowl.
“Okay, good luck!” Abigail smiled and shouted, “Come and place your bets! The tournament is about to begin!”
The martial artists nearby were eager to participate, yet not a single one dared place a bet.
Their hesitation stemmed from uncertainty about the legitimacy of the betting pool. They questioned whether the Mystic Arts Order would truly honor double payouts if they won.
So, they held back and waited for the outcome of Dustin and the others’ initial bets. Only after seeing the result did they contemplate joining the action.
“Alright, the tournament has begun, so betting is officially closed. Let’s all sit tight and await the results.” Abigail signaled the end of the betting phase with a sweeping gesture.
Soon, all eyes returned to the battle rings.
At that moment, all eight battle rings burst into action simultaneously as sixteen participants engaged in fierce combat.
Despite that, Dustin’s attention remained fixed on the first battle ring.
In the first battle ring, a male and female martial artist faced each other.
Dressed in black, the man was muscular and imposing. With a tight grip on his long shadowsteel staff, he effortlessly executed the Night Shade technique.
Each swing showcased his raw power and aggression, accompanied by a fierce gust of wind and the ominous rumble of thunder. His strikes left a lasting impression on the crowd.
On the other side stood a woman in red. Despite her small stature, she unexpectedly exuded great strength.
Standing at a mere five feet two inches, she held an impressive weapon-a halberd about six to ten feet in length.
The sheer weight of the halberd was undeniable. However, it seemed as light as a feather in her hands as she wielded it with effortless grace.
Her command over the imposing blade left spectators in awe.
They squared off on the battle ring, one with a staff and the other wielding a halberd.
Their clash was intense, with sparks flying and blows exchanged fiercely.
Neither seemed to gain the upper hand as they traded blows.
Armed with long weapons and adopting an aggressive style, their fighting techniques were remarkably similar. They fought without holding back, and each strike landed with force and precision.
Despite her petite frame, the woman in red displayed surprising strength, and she gained a slight edge in each clash.
However, the man in black had more combat experience. He incorporated tactics alongside his aggressive approach.
He had mastered the Night Shade technique and was showcasing impressive skills. His moves were fluid and versatile, seamlessly transitioning between offense and defense with precision and grace.
As the battle raged on, he began to gain the upper hand.
“Dustin, it looks like your pick isn’t pulling through. Keep going like this, and she’s bound to lose sooner or later. “Miles glanced at him.
“Don’t worry. The tide of battle can turn in an instant. Until the final moment, nobody can predict the outcome,” Dustin replied with a faint smile. To him, a bottle of Tigarius was just pocket change.
“Dustin, you should’ve followed my lead with the bet. Look at my pick. Victory is just around the corner. He’ll defeat his opponent in ten moves,” Miles boasted confidently.
“Oh yeah?” Dustin looked at the third battle ring and raised an eyebrow.
He added, “Mr. Young, you might want to hold off on the celebrations. Your pick might not have it in the bag just yet.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. My pick already got his opponent pushed to the edge of the ring. Victory’s all but guaranteed.” Miles didn’t believe Dustin’s words.
“Pushed on the edge, huh?” Dustin chuckled lightly. “How can you be sure it’s not just a bait-and-switch, luring your pick in for the knockout?”
###Chapter 2184 by Marina Vittori
“Luring him in?” Miles’s stomach sank a beat at the words.
He stared at the third battle ring, feeling a bit uneasy. “Dustin, are you serious? I’ve got a lot riding on this.”
“You bet on Number 28, right?” Dustin asked.
Miles nodded. “Yeah, why?”
Dustin explained, “Well, Number 28 does have some skill, but he’s being too aggressive.
“At first glance, it seems he’s dominating and pushing his opponent back. But if you pay attention, you’ll notice his opponent’s composed movements and steady breathing.
“There’s no hint of panic. It’s like his opponent has been prepared for this. So, I’m guessing he’s luring Number 28 by deliberately showing weakness.
“And when Number 28 lets his guard down, that’s the moment he’ll strike.”
“Are you sure?” Miles was dubious. He narrowed his eyes as he carefully observed the battle, and his expression immediately changed.
To his surprise, the battle matched Dustin’s description perfectly.
Despite Number 28’s relentless attacks, he hadn’t gained any significant ground. His continuous assaults had drained a considerable amount of his stamina and left him vulnerable.
If he continued to attack recklessly, he would eventually wear himself out and likely end up losing.
Miles cursed, “Damn it! What is this guy thinking? Doesn’t he know that it’s a trap? He just attacked without a plan. This is really getting on my nerves!”
He was frustrated after uncovering the truth. After all, his prized pendant was worth a fortune. He was so confident in Number 28 that he placed such a bold bet.
If Miles lost, not only would he lose the pendant, but he would also lose his credibility. After all, he encouraged others to join in on the bet.
“Miles, Number 28 won’t lose, right? I’ve bet a bottle of haemoplenish on him.” Ruby also seemed pretty tense.
“Hey, Number 28! Don’t let it go to your head! Watch out for traps!” Miles yelled at the top of his lungs.
But with the intense atmosphere at the scene, the sounds of fighting and cheering drowned out his voice.
“Surrender now!” Number 28, having cornered his opponent at the edge of the battle ring, made a bold move.
Leaping high into the air, he gripped his blade with both hands and brought it down forcefully. He aimed to finish the fight with flair and dominance.
However, his opponent grinned wickedly. Swiftly rolling on the ground, he darted behind Number 28. Then, with a powerful palm strike, he unleashed a thunderous palm wind technique.
Number 28’s expression changed when he realized he couldn’t evade while in mid-air. He was left with no choice but to block with his blade.
Soon, the clash of metal echoed in the air.
The palm strike exploded. It unleashed a raging shockwave that blasted Number 28 several yards away.
Since the fight between the two was at the edge of the battle ring, Number 28 was pushed back by the force of the palm strike. He ultimately landed outside the ring upon impact.
Despite escaping injury, Number 28 had technically lost the match according to the rules.
“Thanks for the match!” The victorious man smiled graciously.
“So, you’ve been playing possum all along, you sneaky bastard!” Number 28 spat out. He could’ve won with his strength but didn’t expect his opponent to outsmart him.
“All’s fair in love and war. A battle in the ring is not always about brute force. Sometimes you gotta use your brain.” The victorious man tapped his temple.
“Why, you-” Number 28 was too agitated to respond. Ultimately, the referee declared his defeat.
“Fuck! What was Number 28 thinking? It was obvious the opponent was luring him in. I can’t believe he fell for such a simple trap. This is so disappointing!”
Witnessing his chosen contestant’s defeat, Miles cursed under his breath.
“Miles! Is this the contestant you had faith in? What a letdown!” Ruby pouted, clearly displeased with the result.
###Chapter 2185 by Marina Vittori
Ruby thought Miles had a keen eye for these things, so she went along with the bet. But she didn’t expect the outcome.
“You can’t blame me for this, Ruby. It’s all on that loser for letting us down and making us lose everything.” Miles chuckled wryly.
“Hmph! I’m done betting with you!” she said, rolling her eyes at him.
A bottle of haemoplenish could fetch a good amount on the market. She had hoped to make some extra cash, but now it seemed impossible.
“Well…” Miles looked embarrassed and tried to change the subject. “You know how it goes with winning and losing. It’s all unpredictable. Just like Dustin and Crystal’s pick, Number 6. They’re also on the losing end, aren’t they?”
“Huh?” Ruby raised an eyebrow suspiciously, then glanced at the first battle ring.
At that moment, Number 6, the woman in red wielding a halberd, was locked in combat with the man in black wielding a shadowsteel staff.
Despite her strength, the woman lacked speed and technique, so she gradually fell behind. She occasionally took hits from his weapon.
While an ordinary martial artist might have been knocked down by one of those hits, she was an exception. Even after enduring about ten hits, she remained unscathed and still brimming with energy.
“You see that? That woman is having a hard time keeping up. If this continues, she’ll be defeated soon,” Miles commented.
“Really? She looks pretty tough,” Ruby said skeptically.
He retorted, “Ruby, you’re missing the point.”
Then, he started to boast again, “Don’t be fooled by her lively appearance. It’s all a facade. She’s taken a dozen heavy blows, so I’m sure she’s seriously injured. She’s just toughing it out. Once she runs out of steam, she’ll collapse.”
“Really?” Ruby narrowed her eyes.
“Just watch. I’m not lying,” Miles said confidently.
As they talked, contestant number 6 on the first battle ring suddenly stopped attacking.
“Wait!” Number 6 quickly raised her hand to stop the man in black from continuing his attack.
“What? Are you giving up?” He sighed in relief and set down his staff.
He couldn’t deny her strength. After their intense fight, he was already worn out. Even though he had the upper hand, he knew he would have to use everything he had to win outright.
But if she wanted to surrender now, that would be fine with him as it would save him some energy for the next round.
“Who told you I’m giving up? It’s too hot, and I need to remove a couple of layers.” Number 6 slipped off her jacket to reveal a darksteel armor underneath.
With a quick unbuckling, she removed the armor and tossed it onto the battle ring floor. A loud crash rang out as the heavy armor smashed into the ground, leaving a dent.
The man in black was stunned at the sight.
###Chapter 2186 by Marina Vittori
At that moment, the man in black wasn’t the only one surprised. All the spectators fixated on the first battle ring were also shocked.
Nobody had anticipated that Number 6 would wear such heavy armor.
The darksteel armor that weighed several thousand pounds was typically used for weight-bearing training. Even for the Divine-level martial artist, wearing it for just ten minutes would be taxing on the body.
Even the most skilled martial artists would wear it for only a few hours. Yet, she wore the dark steel armor as if it were nothing. She even wore it into the battle ring to fight.
Wasn’t her decision to wear this armor during the fight foolish?
“You… you’ve been wearing this while fighting with me?” The man in black couldn’t believe his eyes as he pointed at the darksteel armor lying on the ground.
“Yeah, what about it?” She stretched her neck and hips as she gradually moved her lithe body. Once the armor was removed, she felt much more agile.
He couldn’t help but ask again, “How long have you been wearing that armor?
“Every day,” Number 6 replied.
She added earnestly, “My mentor instructed me to wear it at all times unless I’m in danger. So, even when sleeping, I have to wear it. It’s been several years, but it wasn’t this heavy initially.”
“Uh…” The man in black’s mouth twitched. He was momentarily at a loss for words.
He couldn’t believe it when she mentioned wearing the armor daily for years. It made him question if this was how she lived her life.
“I didn’t plan to remove the armor. But when I realized you’re lightning fast, I had to shed some weight and see if it helps,” she said.
After wrapping up her warm-up, she raised her halberd again and was ready for action. “Alright, let’s continue for another 300 rounds!”
The man in black took a deep breath and suppressed his uneasiness. Despite his formidable opponent, he couldn’t afford to back down now that he had come this far.
“Alright! Let’s go for another 300 rounds!” He raised his shadowsteel staff and adopted an offensive stance.
“Watch out, here comes my swing!” Her words barely left her lips before she suddenly darted forward. Her speed had doubled since their last exchange.
“What the…” The man in black’s eyes widened, and he instinctively raised his staff to defend himself.
A loud boom filled the air as her halberd clashed against his staff. Sparks flew as a surge of power and true energy burst forth.
The man in black stumbled backward, and his hands trembled from the impact as his staff hummed.
He was taken aback and murmured, ” She’s so fast! And so strong!”
He had previously thought Number 6’s movement was somewhat sluggish, which made her relatively easy to handle.
But now, without her darksteel armor, she moved with newfound speed and agility. And with her inherent strength, her increased speed posed a far greater threat.
His arm was still numb, but Number 6 swung her halberd again.
###Chapter 2187 by Marina Vittori
The man in black didn’t dare to stand his ground. Instead, he swiftly dodged to the side.
At that moment, Number 6’s halberd nearly grazed his shoulder, but it only left a tear on his clothing. If he had been any slower, he might have lost an arm.
She intensified her assault as her speed and strength increased with each strike. Each swing of her blade carried the sound of thunder, which made her attacks unstoppable.
On the contrary, he continuously evaded her attacks. Even when he managed to block, his arms were left numb, and he was forced to retreat several steps with each blow.
With no opportunity for a counterattack, he had no choice but to focus on defense.
“Hey, Miles, didn’t you say she would lose? Looks like she’s gaining momentum and might win.” Ruby watched the fight with growing surprise from outside the battle ring.
Initially, the man in black seemed to have the upper hand. But once Number 6 removed her outer clothing, she turned the tables. Surprisingly, her relentless assault couldn’t be stopped.
“Well…” Miles’ smile froze, and his face revealed some embarrassment. He hadn’t expected Number 6 to wear darksteel armor underneath her clothes.
Her sealed strength was unleashed with the armor removed, greatly enhancing her abilities. It just proved tha? predictions didn’t hold up until the very end.
Miles suddenly turned to Dustin with a curious expression. “Hey, did you already know that Number 6 was wearing darksteel armor?”
“Nope.” Dustin smiled and explained, ” I figured a petite woman like her swinging a halberd had to be special. It’s not every day you see women handling weapons like that.”
“Yeah! Why didn’t I think of that?” Miles finally caught on.
When someone was doing something out of the ordinary, there was usually a good reason behind it.
A petite woman wielding heavy weaponry indicated either exceptional talent or extraordinary strength. Such individuals were naturally more formidable than ordinary martial artists.
Ruby suddenly shouted, “Hey! Looks like the first battle ring’s about to wrap up!”
Everyone around them immediately turned their attention to the battle ring.
At that moment, Number 6 had already pushed the man in black to the edge of the ring. He was panting heavily and drenched in sweat, clearly reaching his limit.
In contrast, she remained lively and aggressive. With one last powerful swing of her halberd, she sent his shadowsteel staff flying.
He staggered backward. His foot hovered dangerously close to the edge of the ring as he struggled to maintain his balance.
At this crucial moment, the man in black was defenseless, and victory was within her grasp. But Number 6 surprised everyone by stopping her assault and lowering her halberd.
“You gave me a chance earlier. So, consider me returning this favor. Let’s keep fighting.” She gently kicked the shadowsteel staff on the ground.
The staff shot up into the air and landed right in his hand.
She even took a few steps back to ensure her opponent had ample room to fight, showing her commitment to a fair fight.
The crowd silently admired her gesture. While it was often said that friendship should trump competition, few actually abide by that principle.
Who would willingly give their opponent a chance to stage a comeback when victory seemed within grasp?
The man in black glanced at her, then down at the staff in his hand. Finally, he let out a resigned sigh and shook his head. “You know what? I’m calling it quits. I’m no match for you. I concede.”
Her display of respect had won him over, so he saw no point in dragging the fight. After all, there was no shame in admitting defeat when he knew he was outmatched.
###Chapter 2188 by Marina Vittori
The man in black gracefully accepted his defeat.
It was evident that Number 6 outclassed him. However, she allowed him a dignified exit rather than swiftly knocking him off the battle ring.
After all, refusing to acknowledge defeat would have been unbecoming.
“Thank you!” She nodded respectfully.
Ultimately, the first battle ring concluded with Number 6 emerging victorious.
“Dustin, you’ve got a keen eye. You nail the first match right off the bat. I’m impressed!” Miles exclaimed.
“It’s just luck,” Dustin replied nonchalantly. His bet was purely for fun, as the outcome didn’t concern him.
Miles lamented as he shook his head, ” Luck is also a form of skill. I just lacked a bit of it. If Number 28 had been cautious enough and not underestimated their opponent, I might have won the bet.”
“Miles, it’s not that you have bad luck. Your judgment is clearly off,” Ruby shot back and rolled her eyes. “You were sure Number 28 would win, so I trusted you, but he lost. Then, you said Number 6 would lose, and she won.
“Making one mistake could be chalked up to bad luck, but messing up twice? That just shows you’re not great at reading people.”
“Well…” Miles’s expression froze, and he felt embarrassed. “Everyone slips up now and then. Those two matches were just flukes. But don’t worry, I’ll win in the next round. You can count on me!”
“Really?” She sounded skeptical.
“Yes! I guarantee it with my honor!” Miles declared confidently.
“Okay, I’ll trust you one more time.” Ruby nodded reluctantly.
Upon witnessing this, Dustin simply smiled without saying a word.
Soon, all eight battle rings had concluded their matches.
In addition to Dustin and Crystal’s successful bet on Number 6, Dalen’s choice, Number 15, also came out on top.
Three of the five bets resulted in victories. Hence, this marked a promising start for the betting pool.
“Not bad! Congratulations to the three of you on your wins.” Abigail smiled as she lightly applauded. Then, she gestured to a guardian from the Mystic Arts Order standing behind her.
The guardian immediately understood and retrieved a square sandalwood box. Then, he placed it on the table.
Abigail opened the box that contained a collection of white celestial stones. Each stone was no larger than a fingernail. It was swirling with mist and emitting a dazzling glow under the sunlight.
“Wow! Are these celestial stones?” Miles’ eyes widened in amazement and delight.
Abigail explained, “You’re right. The Mystic Arts Order refined these celestial stones. They’re packed with highly concentrated spiritual energy. It allows direct absorption during cultivation, significantly speeding up the process.”
Everyone was excited upon hearing that.
Celestial stones were exceedingly rare in the martial world. They were usually reserved for disciples of major sects as rewards for their exceptional achievements.
As a result, ordinary martial artists wouldn’t have the chance to obtain or even see such treasures.
Celestial stones’ greatest advantage was their pure and potent spiritual energy. They didn’t require any further refinement and could be absorbed directly.
Martial artists traditionally drew spiritual energy from their surroundings and painstakingly converted it slowly through their meridians.
This process was excruciatingly slow due to the scarcity of spiritual energy in the world and the necessity of repeated refinement and tempering to integrate it into the core.
Unfortunately, only a tiny portion could truly be integrated into the core. Thus, the advancement of martial artists to another level was a gradual accumulation process.
However, with celestial stones, the process was expedited. The spiritual energy within was so pure and abundant that it could merge directly with the core.
So, with enough celestial stones, one could potentially break through to a higher level in a single night.
###Chapter 2189 by Marina Vittori
Naturally, this breakthrough was only achievable for those below the grandmaster level. After all, breaking through to that level demanded not just accumulation but also a significant qualitative leap.
Regardless, the celestial stones held an irresistible allure for martial artists below the grandmaster level.
Even grandmaster martial artists would envy them. They knew they could exchange celestial stones for other treasures, even if they didn’t need them.
It wouldn’t be an overstatement to call celestial stones the premier currency in the martial world, as they could be exchanged for various treasures.
So, Miles and the others were excited when they laid eyes on boxes brimming with celestial stones.
“I may not have any weapons or tablets now, but I have several boxes of celestial stones. I’ll assess the value of the treasures you had bet earlier and then exchange them for celestial stones. How does that sound?” Abigail asked.
“Wow, that’s awesome!” Miles couldn’t contain his excitement at the news.
Jewelry might be a dime a dozen, but he knew that celestial stones were as rare as hen’s teeth. For him, the chance to exchange jewelry weapons for celestial stones felt like striking a jackpot.
“I have no ions.” Crystal nodded, and her anticipation grew.
Given her current cultivation level, she desperately needed celestial stones. Plus, having already won a round, she saw no reason to reject the offer.
“The Mystic Arts Order sure is loaded! Using celestial stones as betting chips, now that’s impressive!” Dalen gave a thumbs-up.
Initially, he entertained the idea, but now he was genuinely interested. After all, celestial stones were treasures. He wouldn’t pass up the chance to collect as many as he could.
“Ms. Abigail, aren’t you concerned about the potential loss of using celestial stones as bets for our items?” Ruby looked somewhat puzzled.
Abigail replied, “Don’t worry. As long as everyone’s enjoying themselves.”
She smiled and added, “Remember, only the winner can cash in on celestial stones. If you lose, then you lose everything.”
“Well, that’s true,” Ruby agreed with a nod.
The martial arts tournament’s matches were a roller coaster ride. Until the final bell, no one could predict the outcome.
Abigail’s offer of celestial stones was tempting, but winning them was far from guaranteed.
“Mr. Shade, that’s a fine-looking ruby you’ve got there. How about I trade you two celestial stones for it?”
Abigail eyed the gem Dalen had laid out on the table and promptly made an offer.
“Sure.” He nodded. After all, trading one gem for two stones was a win for him.
Abigail turned to Crystal. “Ms. Wesley, this darksteel short sword is quite the treasure. How about three celestial stones for it?”
“Okay,” Crystal nodded.
Darksteel might have been valuable, but she could have purchased it with money. Celestial stones, on the other hand, weren’t as readily available. So, getting three stones in return was more than enough for Crystal.
Abigail finally looked at Dustin. “Sir, your Tigarius tablet is a high-quality medicine. I’ll give you five celestial stones for it.”
“Sounds good to me.” Dustin nodded.
After the negotiations, Abigail began to distribute the celestial stones.
Dalen’s ruby was worth two stones, so he won four. Crystal received six stones for her sword, and Dustin won ten stones.
Abigail said, “Alright, celestial stones have been distributed. Now, onto the second round of betting.”
She scanned the crowd and announced loudly. “Anyone interested can join in. I have plenty of celestial stones, so it’s up to you to win them!”
With that, the atmosphere around them quickly became lively.
###Chapter 2190 by Marina Vittori
The news of winning celestial stones sent a wave of excitement through the crowd of martial artists. If they were only mildly interested before, now they were practically buzzing with anticipation.
After all, chances to win celestial stones were as rare as finding a four- leaf clover. Plus, the chance to double their earnings was a once-in-a- lifetime opportunity.
There was no way they would let this opportunity slip through their fingers.
Furthermore, any lingering doubts disappeared when they saw Dustin and the others win the celestial stones. So, some of the more daring martial artists started to step forward when Abigail beckoned.
Despite the Mystic Arts Order’s less- than-stellar reputation, the irresistible allure of celestial stones outweighed any reservations. They were ready to take the risk.
After all, they were at the Sacred Wrym Summit. Hence, they wondered if anyone from the Mystic Arts Order would be bold enough to stir up trouble over the payout.
“Can we place the bet?”
Two young men in their twenties who closely resembled each other were the first to step forward. They appeared to be brothers.
They weren’t participants in the competition. Instead, they were spectators to enjoy the fight.
They couldn’t resist trying it since encountering such an enticing betting opportunity.
“Sure.” Abigail nodded with a smile. ” Anyone interested can join the betting, but I’m curious about the items you will wager. By the way, I don’t accept just any ordinary items.”
The two men exchanged glances before reaching into their pockets. They each pulled out a fist-sized iron orb.
The iron orbs were completely black and appeared plain at first glance. However, those with keen eyes would notice something unique.
The surface of the orbs was riddled with countless tiny holes resembling pinpricks. These holes were densely packed and covered every inch of the iron orbs’ surface.
“What are they?” Abigail asked curiously.
“These are the Dawson Clan’s specially crafted hidden weapons, the Phantom Blooms!” the man on the left said.
He continued explaining, “Don’t be deceived by their appearance. Once you press the switch and toss them out, the 888 poisoned needles concealed inside this iron orb will erupt with formidable force in just two seconds!”
“And that’s not all!” the man on the right added, “The poisoned needles from these orbs can pierce through energy armor. So, any martial artist below the grandmaster level hit by these needles will be immobilized!”
“Phantom Blooms?” Abigail raised an eyebrow and smiled. “Sounds like quite the valuable discovery!”
The Dawson Clan was well-known for their expertise in crafting hidden weapons and poisons.
The Phantom Blooms was one of their eight renowned hidden weapons. Its fame spread throughout the martial world.
“I wonder how many celestial stones can our Phantom Blooms fetch?” the two men asked curiously.
“While they are impressive, they’re consumables, after all. Once used, they’re gone. How about one ‘Phantom Blooms’ in exchange for three celestial stones? What do you think?” Abigail proposed.
“Deal!” Both men grinned excitedly.
They had plenty of hidden weapons like these in the Dawson Clan, but they took time to craft.
However, treasures like celestial stones were scarce, and the brothers desperately needed them. After all, refusing the offer would be unreasonable.
Trading two Phantom Blooms for six celestial stones was a lucrative proposition. If they managed to win another round, those six stones would double to 12, resulting in a substantial profit.
With 12 celestial stones, one of them could make a breakthrough.
“I also want to bet. This is the Alchem Sect’s Divinix. Pop one of these tablets, and you’ll see a major boost in strength in no time. How many celestial stones is this worth?”
Another martial artist stepped up. He placed a bottle of tablets on the table with eager anticipation gleaming in their eyes.
“Divinix? That’s a solid item. How about four celestial stones?” Abigail proposed.
“Deal! It’s settled then!” The man’s face beamed with joy.
The quality of Divinix fell somewhere between standard and high-grade tablets, making it quite rare for ordinary martial artists to come by. However, it wasn’t a prized possession for the Alchem Sect.
Still, getting four celestial stones in exchange was undoubtedly a pleasant surprise.
“Count me in! Feast your eyes on the Bloodbane Sword from the Sacred Armory Order. Sharper and tougher than the average darksteel blade-it’s a true gem!”
“Me too! Check out this Mistwalker Technique from the Nimbus Clan. It turns you into a shadow in combat- elusive as a ghost, making you a tricky target and boosting your combat skills.
“Count us in on the action! We can’t let Terra Haven be left out of this exciting bet. Presenting our specialty, the Dusk Giltfish. It’s mouth-wateringly delicious and replenishes your life force and vitality upon consumption-a truly top-notch delicacy!”
With disciples from the Dawson Clan and the Alchem Sect leading the way, many martial artists gathered around. They were eager to place their bets.
Soon, Abigail’s betting table was packed with people. She welcomed anyone willing to put up treasures as bets.
In the betting world, it often boiled down to nine losses out of ten, with the bookie coming out on top every time.
Most people struggled to rein in their desires, but there was no stopping once greed took hold.
Winning one round left them already itching for the next, but winning the second had them thinking about the third.
Even if luck favored them for a few rounds, a losing streak always awaited in the wings.
Once they lost, the urge to recover their losses intensified. This often led to further losses, financial ruin, or even debt.
Except for a fortunate few, the majority of gamblers found themselves in dire straits.
Despite knowing the odds were stacked against them, many still gambled. They clung to the hope of being the exception and were convinced they were lucky.
As long as Abigail, the bookie, had substantial assets, she could easily take advantage of over 80 percent of the present gamblers. Then, she would make a lot of profits.
“Sir, quit standing around like a statue. We’ve got a crowd itching to place their bets. Come on over and lend a hand.”
She deftly managed the bets from the martial artists as she called for Dustin to help her.
Her guardians were already on the job, assessing treasures and handling bets, but they seemed short-handed.
“Kid, it looks like you came prepared.” Dustin was slightly bemused by Abigail’s readiness.
He had underestimated her penchant for profit. She wouldn’t let a chance slip by, even at the Combat Tournament.
It was evident that Abigail had meticulously planned today’s betting arrangement. Otherwise, why would she bother hauling crates of celestial stones?
Initially, Dustin hadn’t paid much attention. But after observing the flood of martial artists taking the bait, he realized Abigail’s scheme-she was ready to cash in big time.
###Chapter 2191 by Marina Vittori
Abigail explained, “The more the merrier, right? I’m just here to amp up the excitement for everyone.
“After all, betting adds some thrill to the mix. Let’s have fun with a few rounds while we watch the tournament matches. Doesn’t that sound like a blast?”
She was busy counting the treasures handed over by the surrounding martial artists. Despite her pleasant words, she couldn’t hide her greedy expression.
After all, she was a bookie, not running a charity. There had to be some perks involved, or else why would she be so eager?
“I’m just watching your back, kid. I don’t want you to lose all those celestial stones you brought along in a bet,” Dustin reminded him.
In a casino, the odds were always stacked in favor of the house against the players. Even with a slight edge, the house always won as long as there were plenty of betting rounds.
So, the casino wasn’t sweating bullets about players pocketing some cash, but its biggest concern was an empty house.
But with Abigail’s betting pool, the house had no upper hand. If someone had eagle-eyed observation skills and luck, they could rack up wins back-to- back.
With everyone else jumping on the betting bandwagon, just a few wins could clean out Abigail’s stash of celestial stones.
After all, this was a risky move. She could either hit the jackpot or go bust.
Abigail winked and leaned close to Dustin, whispering, “Don’t sweat it.
I’ve got a trick up my sleeve. I won’t be walking away empty-handed tonight.”
If she was going to run this betting pool, she damn well had confidence in winning. After all, she knew taking a risk without that certainty was just plain foolish.
He smiled and said nothing. Soon, he began rallying the martial artists to place their bets.
The battle rings were cleared ten minutes later, and the second round began.
As eight battle rings hosted different match-ups, the martial artists began betting on their favored contestants.
“Hey, listen up. Number 10 is a beast. Put all your chips on him!”
“Don’t fall for it. Number 10 is just a scrub. Trust me, Number 14 is where it’s at!”
“Stop squabbling. Bet on Number 36. He’s my senior and a fully developed divine-level martial artist. Among his peers, he’s undefeated. I guarantee he’ll come out on top!”
As the chatter continued, the crowd buzzed with differing opinions.
Some fully backed Number 10, while others had their bet on Number 14. A select few were adamant that Number 36 was the powerhouse of the bunch.
In short, everyone had their take, and nobody was budging. Ultimately, most people stuck to their initial choice, while a few remained on the fence.
They weren’t rushing to place their bets. Instead, they preferred to sit back and see how things unfolded before making their bet.
Miles said, “Hey Ruby, listen up. Trust me on this one. Bet on Number 68. I’ve got a gut feeling he’s going to win.”
He gestured toward a man on the eighth battle ring. The man was built like a tank and wielded a massive battle ax. He looked intimidating.
“Are you sure about this?” Ruby narrowed her eyes as she observed the man, feeling unsure. After all, she didn’t have much left to bet. Another loss would be tough to handle.
Miles said, “No doubt about it. That Number 68 fighter? He’s got a big name in the martial world. They call him the Ironclad Titan!”
He went on, “He got raw strength and mastered body forging technique. He’s like a human tank, practically invincible against swords and spears.
“Even I might struggle against him. Betting on him is like picking up free cash!”
“Really? Is he that good?” Ruby’s eyes sparkled.
Today was the Group C showdown, while Miles was in Group B, a notch above in skill. If Miles gave Number 68 such high praise, that contestant had to be special.
“Absolutely! Trust me, this bet’s a lock! “Miles thumped his chest confidently.
“Alright! I’m betting on Number 68!” Ruby made her decision as she pulled out her sword and placed her bet. “I’m betting my life on this!”
“Now, that’s some real guts! Ruby, you’re one brave friend.” Miles gave her a thumbs-up. He then confidently placed his darksteel sword on the table as his wager.
He and Ruby had exceptional darksteel swords, each valued at five celestial stones. If they won this bet, they could recoup all their previous losses. However, another wrong guess would result in a total loss.
Seeing their confident demeanor, Crystal shook her head helplessly. But she refrained from discouraging them. She believed that firsthand experiences often imparted lessons more effectively than any advice.
Surprisingly, she opted out of placing a bet this time. The bustling crowd made her uncomfortable, and she preferred to avoid the commotion.
On the other hand, Dalen went all in. He placed all the celestial stones he had just acquired on Number 36.
“Sir, care to join the bet?” Abigail turned to Dustin.
“Why? Are you trying to fleece me?” he teased.
“Come on, do I seem like that kind of person? I’m just watching your back.” She blinked innocently and feigned sincerity.
“Alright, I’ll place my bet. Let’s see what you’ve got up your sleeve.” Dustin chuckled. Then, he put all his celestial stones on Number 36.
Contestant number 36 commanded attention with his imposing presence clad in green. He was tall and lean with sharp features, projecting an air of unwavering resolve.
He brandished a long spear crafted entirely from darksteel, its lethal spearhead concealed by a leather sheath.
Dustin’s decision to wager on Number 36 stemmed from the man’s undeniable strength.
As a fully developed divine-level martial artist, the man in green stood as one of the top contenders in Group C. With his skills, he could effortlessly advance to Group B.
His presence in Group C posed a significant challenge for most martial artists.
After all, Group C primarily comprised martial artists at the entry or mid-level of divine martial arts. Only a sparse few possessed the advanced or fully developed divine-level skills.
“Alright, everyone! The tournament’s about to begin! Place your bets now, and once they’re locked in, there’s no turning back!”
Abigail’s voice echoed as the contestants were called up to the battle rings. After a few more announcements, she decisively closed the betting.
To maintain fairness, no further bets were allowed once the matches started. Predicting the winner all boiled down to sharp observation and a sprinkle of luck.
In the world of betting, it was a given that the house held the upper hand and rarely relinquished any advantages.
Nevertheless, Dustin couldn’t shake off his curiosity about how Abigail ensured a consistent profit without risking losses.
###Chapter 2192 by Marina Vittori
The second round of matches soon began. Fights were underway simultaneously across the eight battle rings.
Among the audience sections, Abigail’s side was undeniably the liveliest. Nearly a hundred people gathered around a large table, with most of them having already placed their bets.
As the matches commenced, the excitement among the spectators eclipsed even that of the contenders in the battle ring.
The venue reverberated with cheers and chants, with each successive wave amplifying the intensity.
The crowd who had placed their bets passionately cheered for their selected fighters. Their shouts reverberated through the air, echoing at the top of their lungs.
As the matches progressed, it became evident that the stakes were much higher than mere entertainment.
It was all about personal gain now. Victory promised a hefty haul of celestial stones, while defeat spelled utter loss and disappointment.
Given the high stakes involved, it was no surprise that emotions ran so high. As time passed, the atmosphere grew increasingly tense.
Two battle rings had determined their victors, which led to jubilation and frustration among the spectators.
Though sharing the same environment, the emotions among the crowd varied greatly.
“Number 68! Attack! Keep pushing forward. Don’t give your opponent a chance to catch his breath!” Miles bellowed enthusiastically from the stands.
His face flushed with adrenaline, and his entire being pulsated enthusiastically.
“Come on! Go, Number 68!” Ruby beside him seemed equally caught up in the excitement. Her cheeks were flushed as she waved her fists enthusiastically.
Their attention was fixed on contestant number 68 in the eighth battle ring. Number 68 was built like a tank, and he wielded a battle ax that he swung with unstoppable force.
His opponent was a man in his 30s armed with a broadsword, and he followed a similarly aggressive style.
Typically, martial artists wielding a broadsword possessed remarkable strength. This made it challenging for opponents to engage in direct clashes during intense exchanges.
However, the battle ax was an exception. Renowned for its power and weight, the battle ax sacrificed agility for brute force, rendering it nearly invincible in confrontations.
Unless someone had natural superhuman strength, only a few would choose such a cumbersome weapon.
It might not have been advantageous if the battle ax was used against lighter, more agile weapons. But fate had it that the battle ax met the broadsword, resulting in a clash of titans.
Moreover, Number 68 was stronger in physique and strength than his opponent. Therefore, as the fight progressed, he quickly gained the upper hand, relentlessly launching a barrage of attacks.
The man with the broadsword was forced to retreat, and he could barely defend himself. After several minutes of endurance, he was ultimately knocked out of the battle ring.
On the other battle ring, Number 36 effortlessly slashed his opponent down the ring.
In this match, Number 68 emerged victorious.
“Haha… We did it, we did it!” Seeing Number 68 emerge victorious, Miles jumped up excitedly.
“Great! We’ve not only recouped our losses but also made a profit!” Ruby exclaimed. She was ecstatic with the victory.
“How about that, Ruby?” He grinned triumphantly. “Didn’t I tell you? Number 68 was sure to win!”
“You’re right on the bet, Miles!” She gave him a thumbs-up.
Soon, any lingering doubts vanished instantly and were replaced by eager anticipation for the next betting round.
###Chapter 2193 by Marina Vittori
Gambling was a slippery slope, especially once they tasted victory. For those lacking restraint, it was easy to get sucked in.
“Congratulations on your wins! Here’s your stash of celestial stones.” Abigail beamed as she handed over the winnings.
“I just bet with my darksteel sword and get five celestial stones, right? Can I redeem it?” Ruby asked.
“Sure.” Abigail nodded and motioned for someone to retrieve Ruby’s sword, which had been used as a bet earlier.
“Not so fast!” Miles intervened just as Ruby reached for her sword. “Ruby, hold up. The real action is yet to unfold.
“If you redeem now, we’ll have less to play with later, meaning fewer wins. Let’s stack up some more celestial stones first, then redeem your sword. Sounds good?”
“Hmm…” Ruby hesitated.
He reassured her, “What’s the matter? Trust me, betting with me is like finding cash on the sidewalk. Win a few more rounds, and we’ll have enough stones to make a breakthrough.”
“Okay, Miles, I’ll go along with your suggestion.” She chuckled and ultimately decided against redeeming her sword.
With ten celestial stones in hand, cashing in the sword would leave her with only five. It would cut her potential winnings in half. So, she opted to bide her time a little longer.
She thought, “Just three more wins… no, just two more, and I can redeem my sword.”
Watching the two of them get pumped up, Abigail kept smiling. She stuck to her mantra that customers were always right. After all, she had long learned about human greed.
When faced with such immense gains obtained effortlessly, most people couldn’t resist and quickly became ensnared.
She wasn’t concerned about gamblers winning. Instead, she feared they wouldn’t continue to bet.
She was sure she could get them to cough up their winnings as long as they kept playing. But it came at a heavy price.
After a heated battle, the second round of matches officially wrapped up.
As expected, Dustin’s bet on Number 36 cruised to victory. Even with his opponent pulling out all the stops, their efforts were in vain.
“Congratulations again, Sir.” Abigail handed the celestial stones to him.
At this point, most of the celestial stones in her box had been exchanged.
Some were won, while others were traded for various treasures. She had incurred a loss, but it was still within an acceptable range.
“Kid, if you keep at it, you’re gonna burn through your stash of celestial stones,” Dustin warned.
“No sweat, I’ve got a few crates of them tucked away,” Abigail said with a laugh and shrugged off the concern.
Celestial stones weren’t exactly a rare find for the Mystic Arts Order. They had a whole mine brimming with them that could last for decades.
A few crates of celestial stones were peanuts for someone like Abigail, the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order.
Her primary mission this time was to use celestial stones to purchase various rare supplies. But to her, just trading with stones seemed like a rip-off.
On the other hand, setting up a betting pool like this was a savvy move. Not only could she score rare treasures from different factions, but she could also save a ton of celestial stones.
So, why would she spend money when she could get what she wanted for free?
###Chapter 2194 by Marina Vittori
After the second round of betting concluded, there was a mix of joy and frustration at Abigail’s betting table.
Winners were on cloud nine, feeling like they had struck gold, while losers were kicking themselves for their choices.
“Damn it! I didn’t think that guy would lose so badly. I should’ve gone with Number 36 from the start!”
“I only have myself to blame! I lost a whole bottle of Zen Pellets for nothing!
“Same here. I lost all my loot in one fell swoop!”
“Hmph! I told you to bet on Number 36, but no one listened. Now we’ve got to pay the price!”
Amidst the collective groans, a jarring voice broke through the noise. All heads turned toward a man dressed in gray.
He strode arrogantly with a longsword strapped to his back. In his hand, he tightly gripped a fistful of celestial stones he had just won from his bets.
“Hey! Looks like you made quite a haul earlier,” someone piped up.
“Nah, just a dozen or so. But if I had more capital, I’d have gone all in. I could’ve won even more!” the man in gray boasted.
Soon, his response grabbed everyone’s attention.
The allure of winning a dozen celestial stones in a single bet was irresistible. They could sustain their cultivation for years with the abundant spiritual energy stored within those stones.
“Hey, how’d you know Number 36 would win?” the man asked again.
The battle ring action was fast-paced and intense. Unless one fighter was utterly dominating, certainty about the outcome remained elusive.
“I don’t have any other special talents, but I’ve got a keen eye, and I know my stuff,” the man in gray boasted, “Truth be told, I know everything about every renowned and promising martial artist in the martial world.
“I know who’s tough, who’s skilled in what, and who’s likely to come out on top. No exaggeration, today’s betting pool was practically tailor-made for me.”
The crowd immediately got pumped upon hearing that.
“Damn! You’re freaking amazing! It’s like you’ve got some kind of cheat code!
“Say no more. I’m riding with you on this bet. I hope you’ll make us rich!”
“Hell yeah, count me in too! We’ll follow your move!”
The crowd’s excitement soared as they surrounded the guy in gray. They showered him with compliments and treated him like a money-making kingpin.
With so many extraordinary characters in the martial world, if the man in gray could assess every fighter’s strength, today’s betting scene would be unstoppable.
If they could seize the opportunity, they could also make a big haul. Naturally, they were pumped upon hearing that.
“Following my lead on this bet isn’t a bad idea, but I have to be honest-I can’t promise we’ll win every time. If we lose, don’t point fingers at me.” The man in gray didn’t elaborate much.
“Don’t worry! There’s no such thing as a sure bet in gambling. We get it.”
“Yeah. If you could lead us to wealth, we’re grateful for that. How could we blame you?”
“Don’t worry. If anyone messes with you today, they’re messing with me. I won’t let them off easy!”
The crowd chimed in as they voiced their support one after another.
If the man in gray had claimed he could win every time, they wouldn’t have believed him anyway. At least the way he said those words earlier sounded more genuine to the crowd.
“Everyone, the third round is about to start. So, please get ready.”
###Chapter 2195 by Marina Vittori
At that moment, Abigail’s voice rang out. After the second round of betting, many martial artists were drawn over.
Initially, there were bystanders just there to watch. But as they got caught up in the excitement, they found it intriguing. Eventually, they decided to jump in and participate.
As more and more of them racked up celestial stones, those who hadn’t joined in yet were getting envious.
After all, chances to snag celestial stones were rare. So, when the opportunity finally presented itself, they couldn’t resist.
As a result, the betting pool attracted an increasing number of gamblers.
Abigail kept accumulating rare treasures, even as the celestial stones in her box decreased. Regardless, she remained content and unfazed as long as people were willing to bet.
“The contestants are in the battle ring, and the third round is about to begin. Hurry up and get those bets in before it’s too late!” Abigail continued to shout.
Nearly half of the crowd relied on their gut instincts and judgments to avoid missing out. They placed bets on the players they believed had a high chance of winning.
The rest were split-some hesitated while they scoped out the scene, while others kept their eyes peeled on the man in gray.
“Hey, the match is about to start. Who should we bet on?”
The crowd surrounded the man in gray, and their faces were filled with anticipation. For them, each match was a big gamble -losing hurt, but winning was a huge payoff.
“I am very optimistic about Number 33, so I’ll bet on him!”
The man in gray’s gaze swept over each battle ring. He finally settled on contestant number 33 in the second battle ring.
Contestant number 33 was a man dressed in white and armed with a long whip. He was slender and looked rather ordinary, with no standout features.
But the only thing that seemed unique was the long whip in his hand.
“Number 33?”
The crowd glanced over, and their expressions reflected a hint of uncertainty.
Number 33 was a mystery to them. They wondered about his strength and the techniques he possessed. Unfortunately, they had no answers.
Plus, betting everything on an unknown martial artist seemed like a risky move.
“So, what’s the deal with Number 33? Can you give us some insight?” one person cautiously inquired.
The man in gray retorted, “What? You don’t trust my judgment?”
He raised an eyebrow and said coldly, ” If you don’t believe me, that’s fine. Consider I said nothing earlier. You can bet however you want. But I’m still betting on Number 33.”
Then, he swiftly wagered all the celestial stones in his hand.
As they observed this, the crowd exchanged glances and felt somewhat torn.
The man in gray’s confidence in his bet suggested he was confident in himself. However, the problem lay in the lack of further explanation, which left the crowd feeling uncertain.
“Alright, everyone! You’ve got just ten seconds left. So, place your bets. It’s now or never!” Abigail shouted again.
The pressure mounted as the seconds ticked away, and people succumbed to the urge to place their bets.
Some threw caution to the wind, going all in and risking everything they possessed. Others adopted a more conservative approach, wagering only a portion of their assets.
Meanwhile, a few chose to stay on the sidelines, preferring to observe and await the outcome before committing themselves.
Ten seconds later, the betting closed. Soon, the third round began.
###Chapter 2196 by Marina Vittori
“Miles, do you think we should trust the man in gray and bet on Number 33? “Ruby whispered.
She had intended to follow Miles’s lead in placing her bet. But to her surprise, he went with the man in gray’s recommendation and chose to bet on contestant number 33.
After all, she didn’t trust strangers. Despite Miles’ assurance, she only bet half of her celestial stones just to be on the safe side.
He assured her, “I’ve looked into Number 33. He’s really strong and with a high chance of winning. You can bet on him without any worries.”
He wasn’t the type to blindly follow others. But after listening to the man in gray hype up Number 33, Miles took a closer look.
Despite Number 33’s unassuming appearance, anyone skilled enough to wield a shadowsteel whip was far from ordinary.
A whip, being such an unconventional weapon, was tough to master. Just getting the hang of it wasn’t easy, and becoming a true expert required dedication far beyond the norm.
Those who had truly mastered it could unleash devastating power that would surpass ordinary weapons.
The whip’s flexibility enabled various attacks. Hence, it made predicting and defending against them nearly impossible.
With Number 33 showing off his skills with the shadowsteel whip in the battle ring, Miles could tell he wasn’t someone to be underestimated.
Also, the man in gray seemed to have some insider information that boosted his confidence. So, Miles decided to give it a shot.
Just like Ruby, he only bet half of his celestial stones. He knew he wouldn’t lose everything even if he made the wrong choice.
“Dustin, who did you bet on this round? “Dalen suddenly turned to Dustin.
“Number 33,” Dustin replied honestly.
“Me too.” Dalen chuckled, then glanced at Crystal. “What about you, Ms. Wesley?”
“Same,” Crystal replied succinctly.
“No way? All of you went for Number 33? Is he really that good?” Ruby was surprised.
She had been talking with Miles earlier. So, she hadn’t noticed that her sister and the others had all bet on the same contestant.
“There are so many people betting on him, I guess I can’t be too off the mark. And if I lose, well, at least I won’t be alone in that.” Dalen shrugged.
“Seriously? That’s your reasoning for betting on Number 33?” Ruby was a bit skeptical, then turned to her sister.-” Crystal, what about you?”
“I just got a gut feeling that he’s going to win,” Crystal said matter-of-factly.
Ruby’s lips twitched, and she was momentarily at a loss for words.
“Dustin, why did you bet on Number 33? “Miles asked curiously.
“That man in gray seemed to have a keen eye, so I figured I’d follow his lead, “Dustin explained.
“All in?”
“Yes. I’m going all in.”
“Bold move, man!” Miles gave him a thumbs up.
While he had faith in Number 33, he wasn’t entirely sold and had only wagered half his celestial stones.
Miles hadn’t expected Dustin to be so decisive and bet his entire stash.
The matches in the eight battle rings continued to rage on, with some contestants already celebrating victories while others faced defeat.
Yet, everyone at the betting tables remained steadfastly fixed on Number 33. Those who had placed their bets on him hoped he would win the fight.
After all, he was quite impressive. The shadowsteel whip in his hand moved with a fluidity that mirrored his arm’s flexibility.
###Chapter 2197 by Marina Vittori
When the shadowsteel whip was swung, it crackled with power and delivered precise strikes that were impossible for anyone to dodge.
Despite the strength of Number 33’s opponent, he was forced to retreat and unable to close the distance.
In mere minutes, the opponent endured a relentless barrage of lashes. His body was marked with bloody welts.
He gritted his teeth and persevered for another two minutes before being knocked off the battle ring by Number 33’s whip.
The sight sparked cheers at the betting tables as many people jumped up excitedly.
“Haha… I won! Number 33 is the winner!”
“Heh… Awesome! I finally picked the right horse!”
“Damn it! If I’d known, I would’ve gone all in. This measly payout is hardly satisfying!”
Number 33’s win had the whole crowd cheering and celebrating. Most of the gamblers were thrilled by their newfound winnings.
But for some, there was a pang of regret for playing it too safe. When they held the celestial stones in hand, that regret only intensified.
They could’ve hit the jackpot if they hadn’t been so cautious. It was a missed chance that stung.
“Sir, you’re awesome! You said Number 33 would win, and he really did. You’re our lucky charm!”
“Hell yeah! From now on, whoever you bet on, I’ll follow. Anyone dares to doubt you, I’ll smack them!”
Number 33’s victory filled the pockets of most gamblers and boosted the man in gray’s reputation. Everyone gathered around him and praised him like he was some sort of good luck charm.
After all, predicting the winner twice in a row was no coincidence. It took real skill to pull that off.
“Whoa! Number 33 actually won!” Ruby exclaimed. “Isn’t that man in gray amazing? Just a glance, and he’s got the whole game figured out. He’s like a freaking oracle!”
Miles said excitedly, “Yes, he’s amazing! Following his lead is a guaranteed win!”
He regretted betting half of his celestial stones earlier. But in the next round, he was prepared to go all out.
“You’re right. He’s got a knack for this
and can spot winners better than us.”
Ruby nodded in agreement.
Dustin chimed in unexpectedly, “You should be satisfied with what you win. Don’t let greed cloud your judgment.
“In gambling, the biggest mistake is getting greedy. Knowing when to call it quits is the smart move.”
Miles said enthusiastically, “Dustin, you’re missing the point. This is our chance to hit the jackpot. We’ve got to seize it and stack up those celestial stones. Passing this up would haunt us forever!”
“He’s right! How can we stop when there’s a chance to earn celestial stones!” Ruby added.
The pair had gotten caught up in the moment. After scoring two wins, they were riding high. And with the prospect of more celestial stones on the horizon, they weren’t ready to call it quits.
It was a case of now or never. Once this chance slipped by, there was no second shot.
Confronted with their stubbornness, Dustin merely shook his head and stayed silent. He had already reminded them, but whatever happened next was beyond his control.
If they kept betting, they were bound to lose everything.
###Chapter 2198 by Marina Vittori
After the third round of matches wrapped up, the fourth round began.
At that moment, Abigail was surrounded by an ever-growing crowd. Even the martial artists watching from afar couldn’t resist joining in.
Some came for the thrill, while others couldn’t help but feel a pang of envy.
With many martial artists raking in the celestial stones, word spread like wildfire. Soon, a steady stream of new faces was eager to participate in the betting pool.
Abigail’s first box of celestial stones had been completely doled out as winnings. This prompted her to bring out her second and third boxes.
The nearby martial artists couldn’t hide their excitement as they gazed upon the boxes full of celestial stones.
Human desires knew no bounds; even those who had already accumulated a decent haul of celestial stones craved more.
These treasures that offered a direct path to enhancing their cultivation were simply irresistible.
“Sir, have you figured out who to bet on yet? Who’s your pick this round?”
As the contestants stepped into the battle rings, all eyes in the gambling crowd fixated on the man in gray.
They had complete faith in him after witnessing his predictions in the last two rounds. He was practically their lucky charm.
If the man in gray threw down a bet, they were ready to jump on board without hesitation.
“Let’s see…” The man in gray scanned each battle ring and honed in on the eighth. Then, he pointed and said, ” Number 95!”
“Number 95?”
All eyes turned to see contestant number 95, a skinny guy hobbling with an iron crutch. At five feet two inches, he didn’t look like Hercules.
“Yes, Number 95,” the man in gray affirmed. He tossed all his celestial stones into the betting bowl without a second thought.
The bold move made the crowd fidgety. They couldn’t help but admire his confidence in throwing everything in without explanation.
“Well, if he’s betting on Number 95, I’m in!”
“Me too!”
“We’re rolling with him! What’re you waiting for? Let’s go all in!”
The crowd around the man in gray wasted no time in following his lead and laying down their bets.
After all, opportunities like these were one-time deals. And in this game, hesitation was a surefire way to lose out.
Fueled by his assurance, they all bet on contestant number 95. Miles, Ruby, and Dalen were no exceptions.
There were also the more cautious types who held off on betting and chose to play it safe by waiting.
Number 95 wasn’t exactly a picture of confidence. He was a thin and feeble man who had trouble walking unassisted.
How on earth was he going to fight in the ring?
“Get those bets in quick! It’s now or never!” Abigail shouted and urged those hesitant gamblers to make a choice.
Three minutes later, the fourth round of the tournament began.
The betting frenzy had everyone’s eyes glued to the eighth battle ring. That was where Number 95 squared off against Number 24.
Unlike the slender Number 95, contestant number 24 was a real powerhouse. With his muscular physique, he looked strong. Even his wrists were thicker than Number 95’s thighs.
Standing side by side, they looked like a grown man next to a kid. With such a huge size difference, the crowd wasn’t confident about Number 95’s odds.
Even those who followed the man in gray’s lead were feeling unsure of their bet at that moment.
“Hey, kid! You better surrender now. With your skinny arms and legs, I could snap them like twigs with just a light tap.”
###Chapter 2199 by Marina Vittori
Number 24 folded his arms and sized up Number 95 with scorn and disbelief.
He couldn’t help but scoff at the sight of the skinny, hobbling kid stepping into the ring. He felt that Number 95 had underestimated the challenge ahead.
“Although you’re tall and muscular, it doesn’t mean you can beat me,” Number 95 stated flatly.
“I can’t beat you?” Number 24 chuckled.
He taunted, “Kid, do you even know what you’re saying? With your twig- like frame, I could squash you with one hand!”
“Really? Why don’t you give it a try?” Number 95 remained unfazed as he stared at Number 24 without flinching.
Despite his smaller stature, he emitted a strong presence.
“Fine. It seems like you won’t get it until I school you!” Number 24 sneered as he drew his long blade out of its sheath.
Meanwhile, Number 95 remained unfazed as he casually leaned on his crutches.
“What are you waiting for? Draw your weapon!” Number 24 pointed his blade at him aggressively.
“I don’t need a weapon to deal with you, “Number 95 replied calmly and dominantly.
“What?” Number 24’s expression hardened, and his eyes flashed with anger. “Kid, you will regret this!”
Feeling underestimated by his opponent, he wasted no time and charged forward with his blade.
There were no fancy moves or tricks. He just gripped the hilt and brought it down hard on Number 95’s shoulder.
It was a simple yet effective strike with no frills, but it packed a punch.
Number 95 had only two choices- attack or dodge. Given their size difference, he knew launching an attack wasn’t the wisest choice.
But dodging would just give Number 24 more room to keep pressuring him. For Number 24, no matter which option his opponent chose, there was only one possible outcome: defeat.
Faced with Number 24’s blade, Number 95 didn’t dodge or step back. Instead, he lifted his crutch and aimed it at Number 24 from a distance.
Three poison needles shot out from his crutch, which targeted Number 24’s vital spots.
“Hmm?” Number 24’s eyes narrowed as he swiftly shifted his attack to defense.
The blade deflected the first needle. Still, its impact caused his body to tremble and left his arm numb.
The second needle struck his blade, and it knocked it from his grip.
At the same time, the third needle swiftly hit Number 24’s chest while he was defenseless. He cried out and was thrown several yards before crashing hard to the ground, leaving him immobilized.
Upon witnessing this, everyone was stunned. They struggled to comprehend what had just transpired.
Nobody expected the fight to end so abruptly. With just one move, the imposing Number 24 was left sprawled on the ground.
The victory was obtained with surprising ease.
###Chapter 2200 by Marina Vittori
“You… You used poison?” Number 24 clenched his teeth. His face burned with fury and disbelief.
He tried to push himself up, but he felt weak. Even wiggling his fingers felt like a Herculean task.
“In the battle ring, fair play reigns supreme,” Number 95 said calmly. ” Even resorting to tactics like poison or hidden weapons is deemed acceptable within the rules.”
He added, “Moreover, I wasn’t out for blood. I just want to incapacitate you momentarily. If my aim had been lethal, you’d be dead already.”
“Why you-” Number 24 was left speechless. Although he was reluctant to admit defeat, he begrudgingly accepted it.
The rules didn’t forbid the use of poison, and his opponent’s frontal assault couldn’t be deemed an ambush.
His failure to defend himself boiled down to his own lack of strength.
“This round winner is contestant number 95!” With Number 24 incapacitated, the referee swiftly announced the match’s outcome.
Soon, the venue erupted in applause.
“Haha… We did it again! Another win in the bag!”
“One move, and it’s game over. Contestant number 95 is awesome!”
“When it comes to being impressive, it’s gotta be our lucky charm! He calls the shots, and bam, there’s our winner. Truly amazing!”
Cheers and excitement filled the air at the betting table as everyone reveled in the moment.
Those who had placed their bets on contestant number 95 were celebrating. Initially, they doubted the man in gray. But now, they held him in absolute trust and admiration.
To them, he had transcended from a mere acquaintance to their lucky charm. They considered him a true bringer of fortune.
“Great! We won again!” Ruby beamed with delight.
“See? Trusting my instincts always pays off! Betting with that guy is like finding a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow!” Miles grinned with pride.
“I think we’ve made enough for now. It’s time to stop betting,” Crystal chimed in unexpectedly. She had a feeling that pushing their luck further might end in losses.
“Relax, Crystal. We’re just getting started here. With our lucky charm on our side, we just ride the wave and rake in the winnings!” Miles waved off her concern.
“Come on. Opportunities to earn celestial stones like this are once in a blue moon. We can’t afford to let this slip!” Ruby added excitedly.
Crystal frowned and advised, “But let’s not get too greedy. In games like these, regret usually sets in when it’s too late.
Miles and Ruby had already amassed a substantial stash of celestial stones. It would be enough for them to make a breakthrough from their current levels if they absorbed them.
“Crystal, you’re always playing it safe. They say fortune favors the bold. With all these celestial stones laid out before us, turning a blind eye would be a huge mistake,” Miles argued.
“Yes, stop worrying so much. Today’s our lucky day. We will hit the jackpot.” Ruby looped arms with her sister and smiled sweetly.
She added, “I promise that I’ll call it quits once I’ve bagged 300 celestial stones. I swear I won’t be greedy.”
“Okay, fine. If you insist, I won’t stand in your way. Joy or regret, it’s all on you. “Crystal shook her head and dropped the subject.
She knew Ruby and Miles were completely hooked after winning their bets. Trying to dissuade them now felt like a lost cause.
Yet, a flicker of hope remained within her. She wondered if this was their lucky streak and if they would keep raking in the wins.
She reasoned that stopping them from betting would cut off their potential earnings. Hence, she stopped persuading them.
Ten minutes later, the fourth round ended.
The winners of earlier bets walked away with a haul of celestial stones.
It ignited a surge of interest that drew a crowd around the betting table. Spectators were eager to participate in the thrill and to try their luck.
After all, the allure of celestial stones was simply irresistible. With many winners parading their success, these newcomers were eager to get their share.
Abigail couldn’t help but smile at the growing crowd of gamblers. Even though the second crate of celestial stones had been emptied, she remained unfazed.
Instead, she hoped these people would increase their wagers. She was confident that soon she would reclaim all the celestial stones she had distributed.
As the fifth round approached, the venue buzzed with renewed excitement. In addition, the gamblers at the betting table were practically buzzing with anticipation.
At that moment, all eyes were glued to the man in gray. His three consecutive wins had elevated him to near- legendary status among the gamblers.
Regardless of his choice, they would follow without hesitation, even if it seemed like a risky bet.
“Sir, who’s your pick for this round?”
The gamblers gathered around the man in gray, and their eyes gleamed with anticipation.
The man in gray surveyed the battle rings as he weighed his options. After a thoughtful pause, he decisively pointed toward the first battle ring.
“Contestant number 13!” he announced confidently.
Excitement rippled through the crowd as they gazed over the battle ring.
Number 13 was a man armed with a silver spear. With chiseled features and a ruggedly handsome face, he looked intimidating.
“Number 13 seems oddly familiar. Could he be a disciple of the Celestial Alliance?”
“You’re right. He’s Brandon Swift, one of the Celestial Alliance’s top ten talents!”
“What? One of the Celestial Alliance’s top ten talents? Shouldn’t he be competing in Group B? Why is he here in Group C?”
“Looks like Brandon intentionally downplayed his skills when signing up, which is why he ended up in Group C. But with his talent, he’ll dominate Group C effortlessly. Hardly anyone was a match for him.”
“So, what are we waiting for? Let’s place our bets!”
With Brandon’s name in the mix, excitement surged through the crowd as they scrambled to place their bets on Number 13.
Some were swayed by the recommendation from the man in gray, while others trusted in Brandon’s abilities. With these boxes checked, hesitation was out of the question.
The gamblers didn’t hold back. They bet all their celestial stones and rare treasures without a second thought.
As Abigail watched this unfold, a fleeting smile crossed her lips before her expression turned serious again. It was time to spring her trap!
###Chapter 2201 by Marina Vittori
“Get those bets in, quick! Trust me, put your bet on Number 13, Brandon Swift!”
“Hey guys, it’s time to hit the jackpot! Don’t miss this golden opportunity!”
“Hey, does anyone have treasures to spare? I’ll pay you back with interest once I win those celestial stones!”
The gamblers clamored. They jostled forward and were eager to place their bets. Anything valuable was thrown into the betting table without a second thought.
Soon, the atmosphere crackled with excitement. This round was like hitting the jackpot for the gamblers, so doubling down was a no-brainer.
“Hey, make some room! We’re here first, so let us get our bets in!”
As the crowd of gamblers grew denser, chaos broke out.
Miles and Ruby were momentarily taken aback and surrounded by eager gamblers. The duo had to push through the crowd to get to the betting table.
After all, opportunities like this only came once. Plus, with only a few minutes remaining until the start of the fifth round, they couldn’t afford to miss out.
It would mean a significant loss for them if they failed to place their bets before the betting pool closed. Thus, they disregarded decorum and pushed forward relentlessly.
“Don’t fret, guys. There’s plenty of time for everyone. Let’s maintain order and take turns.”
“We’ve got plenty of time. Everyone will get their shot at placing a bet.”
“Hey, you in the purple! Quit climbing on someone’s back! Get down from there!”
Abigail stood before the betting table and tried to calm the crowd and keep things orderly. She hadn’t expected the situation to escalate like this.
At that moment, a crowd of hundreds had gathered around the table. It was packed tight with people, leaving no room for movement.
Luckily, the crowd stayed composed and refrained from causing trouble or getting rowdy. But if they had misbehaved, Abigail would have had to step in and assert her authority.
Indeed, the Mystic Arts Order’s formidable reputation loomed over the crowd like a dark cloud. Those even considering causing trouble in their presence were flirting with danger.
Everyone knew that the Mystic Arts Order was the last sect anyone would want to mess with among the three major sects.
Crossing them meant risking their life, and there was no telling how they would meet their end.
Five minutes later, the fifth round began.
Most gamblers had already placed their bets, with only a few stragglers left.
Abigail even extended the time by two minutes to accommodate them. She hoped to attract more gamblers.
“Dustin, why aren’t you betting? This is a golden opportunity to win some celestial stones.” After returning to his seat, Miles was curious about Dustin’s lack of participation.
“I prefer to gamble for fun. Taking it too seriously can lead to trouble. It’s all about enjoying the game,” Dustin replied with a casual smile.
“You’re way too laid-back. Life’s not just about chilling out. Sometimes, you must dive in, stir things up, and keep it exciting. Otherwise, it’s just dull.” Miles chuckled.
“He’s right. Passing up such an easy celestial stone-earning opportunity? I can’t understand what’s going on in your head.” Ruby shook her head, eyeing Dustin as though he were a fool.
Dustin simply smiled and said nothing.
“Easy earning opportunity? Let’s not count our eggs before they hatch. Whether Number 13 wins this match is still up in the air,” Crystal interjected, offering Ruby a reality check.
Just like Dustin, she didn’t place any bets either. She opted out of it, partly due to the hassle of dealing with the crowd and partly due to a nagging sense that something was off.
The smooth sailing of events troubled her.
Typically, the bookie would cut their losses and minimize risks when faced with a losing streak like this. But the Mystic Arts Order acted differently. They remained friendly, even offering loans to gamblers.
The fact that they were willing to lend celestial stones, even to those without any, struck her as peculiar.
After all, the Mystic Arts Order wasn’t known for acts of charity. This behavior only heightened her suspicions.
“Crystal, we’ve seen Brandon’s strength. Even I might have trouble facing him, let alone some unknown underdog. I believe he could secure victory in just ten moves,” Miles asserted confidently.
“You’re just too skeptical. If everyone’s betting on Brandon, it means he’s strong and likely to win. Don’t you think our collective judgment outweighs yours?” Ruby shrugged, seemingly unperturbed.
“I’m not saying Brandon isn’t good, but there’s always someone better. Until the fight ends, nobody can guarantee he will win,” Crystal replied.
“Don’t worry, Crystal. This time, everything will be fine. Look at us. We’ve been on a winning streak for several rounds,” Ruby reassured.
“I’m just reminding you to know when to quit while you’re ahead,” Crystal sighed helplessly.
“After this round, we’ll call it quits once we win another,” Miles chimed in confidently.
“Well, I hope you can keep winning,” Crystal said and shook her head.
The two beside her were completely obsessed with winning, and no amount of persuasion could sway them.
Brandon stood ready on the first battle ring, confidently assuming his stance. Across from him, his opponent was armed with a long sword.
His opponent had an average physique and an unremarkable appearance, but a glint of cold determination shone in his eyes.
“Who are you? State your name.” Brandon’s spear held at an imposing angle toward his opponent.
“I’m Carter Lane from Northland,” the man responded impassively.
“Carter Lane from Northland? I’ve never heard of you before,” he said arrogantly, “You’re no match for me. Surrender now, or you’ll lose more than just the fight.”
“Really? Let’s see if you’ve got what it takes.” Carter remained unfazed.
“I’m giving you a chance. Don’t underestimate me. Once I make my move, you’ll regret it.” Brandon narrowed his eyes.
“Heh… Then, I’ll show you what I’m capable of.” Carter smirked as he slowly drew his sword.
“Hmph! Stubborn fool! Don’t blame me if I have to get rough!” Brandon growled and thrust his spear forward.
His attack was fast, like a bolt of lightning, packing a powerful punch.
###Chapter 2202 by Marina Vittori
Carter smirked while looking at the spear thrust toward him. With a swift motion, he faced the attack head-on with his sword.
Their weapons collided and created a shockwave of energy. The waves rippled outward like a tide, and it caused their robes to flutter and their hair to stand on end.
Both combatants stood firm. They were locked in a tense standoff as neither was willing to back down.
Brandon gripped his spear with both hands as he channeled his true energy while he tried to overpower Carter with his strength. But no matter how hard Brandon pushed, Carter held his ground.
The spear clashed with the sword, and the two were locked in a fierce struggle.
The air crackled with bursts of energy as their weapons strained against each other.
“Hmm?” Brandon’s brow furrowed with surprise.
As one of the top ten talents of the Celestial Alliance, he should have easily dominated his opponent in Group C. However, he hadn’t anticipated this relatively unknown figure to match him so evenly.
“Celestial Glide!”
As Brandon realized he was losing ground, he swung his long spear and knocked Carter’s sword aside. Then, he swiftly unleashed a fierce sweeping strike aimed at Carter’s waist.
In the end, every inch mattered. The long spear’s advantage lay in its wide- reaching attack range. It could strike before the opponent’s sword closed in.
Brandon had made up his mind. Since he could not overpower Carter with sheer strength, he would rely on his marksmanship and extensive combat experience to defeat Carter.
As the spear swept toward him, Carter leaned back. He narrowly dodged the attack like a falling plank.
“Serpentine Evasion!”
With his initial strike missed, Brandon swiftly thrust his spear again and aimed toward Carter’s chest. The timing was perfect, just as Carter’s body was about to touch the ground.
Most martial artists wouldn’t have been able to react in time if they were in such a situation.
But Carter seemed to anticipate Brandon’s move. As the spear came at him, he slammed his hand onto the ground and launched into the air.
Brandon’s spear jabbed into the ground and created a hole. As Carter regained his footing, he utilized the spear shaft as a foothold and lunged forward.
His sword aimed straight for Brandon’s throat.
Brandon’s eyes widened, and he instinctively took two steps back. Using his spear, he deflected Carter’s attack. However, the force of the blow sent him staggering back several paces.
The onlookers gasped in shock at the sight. Their faces were filled with fear and disbelief.
“Holy shit! What’s happening? Why is Brandon being pushed back?”
“No way! His opponent is just a nobody. Brandon can’t be losing, right? I’ve bet a fortune on him!”
“Everyone, calm down. The match has just begun. Brandon hasn’t shown his true strength yet. I believe he’ll turn the tide in the end.”
“Yeah, the predictions have never failed us. Let’s not freak out and just watch the match.”
Brandon’s unexpected performance left the gamblers nervous. They watched with bated breath. They had expected Brandon’s skill to secure an easy victory.
How did he end up at a disadvantage after just a few exchanges with Carter? What happened?
“Miles, do you think there’s something unexpected going on in this match?” Ruby asked nervously from her seat in the audience.
She had just wagered all her celestial stones earlier. She knew that winning would bring a huge reward, but she also realized that losing would mean losing everything.
“Don’t worry. It’s just a minor hiccup and won’t affect the overall result,” Miles reassured confidently.
He understood that slip-ups are part of being human. So, he figured Brandon might have been a little careless earlier.
Miles was confident that defeating Carter would be a breeze once Brandon got serious.
At the first battle ring, Brandon’s expression turned grave. At first, he had underestimated Carter, but their recent exchange showed him that Carter was just as strong as him.
Brandon understood that victory might slip away if he didn’t give his best.
“You’re tougher than I thought,” Brandon remarked.
He adopted an aggressive stance with a piercing gaze. “I underestimated you earlier and almost paid the price. But I won’t make that mistake again. Because now, I’ll unleash my ultimate move and end this fight.”
“Really? I’ll be looking forward to it,” Carter replied with a faint smile.
“Thunder Spear’s First Form- Thunder Wrath!” Brandon shouted. He drew back his spear before thrusting forward with a mighty force.
As the spear shot out, it was as if thunder cracked.
A blinding flash of white light burst forth, fierce and unstoppable, heading straight for Carter.
“Wow, what a powerful move! Brandon’s proving why he’s one of the Celestial Alliance’s top ten!”
“Thunder Spear packs a serious punch. Once Brandon lets it loose, there’s no stopping it. Seeing it in action today proves why it got such a fearsome reputation!”
“Carter should take pride in being bested by Brandon’s Thunder Spear.”
Brandon’s display of power stirred the crowd into a frenzy.
The gamblers, in particular, were thrilled, their eyes gleaming with anticipation.
Amidst the display of the Thunder Spear technique, the spectators grew confident in Brandon’s impending victory.
“Pfft! Thunder Spear? It’s nothing special.” Carter stayed composed and smirked at the incoming spear.
With a quick movement of his foot, he surged forward like lightning, slashing his sword with astonishing speed.
The crowd couldn’t track Carter’s sword movements. Instead, they only saw a blur before their eyes.
As the scene paused again, Brandon and Carter had already crossed paths.
At that moment, they were standing back-to-back several yards apart. Brandon’s frown deepened. His expression darkened while his grip on the spear trembled slightly.
Meanwhile, Carter maintained a calm expression, and blood dripped from his sword.
As the crowd looked on in confusion, Brandon suddenly coughed up blood and collapsed to the ground.
The spectators were left dumbfounded.
###Chapter 2203 by Marina Vittori
Everyone was stunned as they watched Brandon suddenly collapse to the ground. Their eyes widened in disbelief, and their mouths hung agape.
Nobody had anticipated Brandon, a renowned talent of the Celestial Alliance’s top ten, to be defeated by an unknown opponent.
With his reputation, he should have been dominating Group C. They couldn’t understand how he could be defeated so quickly.
The spectators began questioning Brandon’s ability and wondered if Carter was stronger than him.
“It’s over! We’re screwed!”
“Dammit! What’s Brandon doing? How can he lose to a nobody? What a useless bastard!”
“The top ten talents of the Celestial Alliance? Bullshit!”
“Fuck you, Brandon! You’ve really messed me up this time!”
“Shit! I’ve lost all my celestial stones!”
After a moment of silence, the venue erupted into a chorus of sorrowful cries and frustrated curses.
Brandon’s defeat dealt a heavy blow to the gamblers who had placed their bets earlier. They faced devastating losses, not just forfeiting their winnings but also their initial bets.
Some had gone as far as taking loans. They were expecting a windfall, only to end up losing everything.
“How could this happen?” Ruby’s eyes widened in disbelief.
She struggled to come to terms with the outcome. Plus, she had wagered her entire fortune on the bet. Such a turn of events was beyond her imagination.
“No… it can’t be! It was supposed to be a sure win! How could Brandon lose?” Miles was devastated. His face paled, and his fingers trentbled.
In the previous rounds, he had held back and refrained from betting everything due to his lack of confidence in winning.
But this time, his certainty in Brandon’s victory led him to wager all his celestial stones, only to face bitter disappointment.
For a moment, he struggled to accept reality.
“Miles, didn’t you say earlier that we’d win? What do we do now?” Ruby was devastated.
After all, high hopes often led to big letdowns. Brandon’s loss had dragged her from cloud nine to rock bottom.
“I…” Miles was rendered speechless by the question. He wondered what else they could do now.
They had already lost, so they could only chalk it up to bad luck.
They couldn’t imagine snatching the celestial stones from the Mystic Arts Order. Who would dare to provoke them? What if they failed to retrieve the stones and ended up losing their lives?
With Brandon unable to continue, the referee promptly declared the match’s result, “This round winner is contestant number 54, Carter Lane!”
In an instant, the arena echoed with a chorus of curses.
Brandon endured a barrage of curses and insults that even involved his family. Even the Celestial Alliance’s reputation took a major hit.
After all, for Brandon, ranked among the top ten in the Celestial Alliance, to be defeated by an unknown newcomer was undeniably humiliating.
“Too bad. You were so close to winning. “Abigail shook her head, feigning regret while inwardly feeling overjoyed.
This round, she recovered her initial investment and emptied the gamblers’ pockets. She had quite a lucrative outcome.
“Sir! You said we’d win, so why did things turn out like this?” one person turned accusingly to the man in gray.
“Yeah! I bet everything I had, and now it’s all gone. What am I supposed to do?
“It’s all your fault! If you hadn’t given us such a terrible choice, we wouldn’t be in this mess!”
“That’s right! You must compensate us for our losses today!”
The gamblers grew more agitated and directed their anger toward the man in gray.
“Are you blaming me? Did I force you to go all in?” the man in gray retorted.
He continued, “You were smiling when you were winning. But now that you’ve lost, you’re pointing fingers at me? That’s some twisted logic.
“Besides, I never promised a guaranteed win. You were greedy enough to follow my lead. And don’t think you’re the only one who lost. I’ve also lost everything!”
His words silenced the accusations around him.
Though they struggled to accept it, the man in gray was right. After all, he hadn’t forced them to follow him. If they lost, they couldn’t point fingers anywhere but at themselves.
“Damn it! What a bunch of backstabbers! I’m done playing with you all!” After his outburst, the man in gray stormed off.
The gamblers exchanged confused looks and sighs.
But nobody noticed that when the man in gray left, he glanced at Carter in the ring.
“So, that’s the plan, huh? Pretty slick,” Dustin muttered with a smirk.
Earlier, he couldn’t quite decipher Abigail’s strategy and pondered how she managed to turn her losses into wins. But now, he finally understood her plan.
She had it all planned out. Even before the betting began, she had everything prepared.
First, she arranged for her people to be in Group C. These individuals deliberately hid their true abilities while waiting for the right moment to act.
Then, Abigail arranged a guiding beacon, the man in gray. She bolstered the man’s reputation through a series of consecutive wins.
Then, she orchestrated him to entice the gamblers into mindlessly following his lead in betting.
When the man in gray gained enough popularity and credibility with his words, it would signal the time to spring the trap.
In simple terms, the betting pool was just a meticulously designed scheme from start to finish.
Whether it was the man in gray or the recently victorious Carter, they were both pawns in Abigail’s game. The outcome hinged on her manipulation.
Her confidence stemmed from her control over the situation. She wasn’t worried about the gamblers winning the bet.
Instead, she knew that manipulating the outcome of a single game could easily help her recoup her investment.
Essentially, all the present gamblers were her harvested crops. The timing of her actions depended entirely on her preferences.
“One failure means nothing. Come on, everyone, keep betting. You’ll win it back sooner or later,”
Abigail shouted and continued to entice more bets.
With plenty of spectators present, she could harvest one batch of crops now and another later.
She knew the gamblers would refuse to accept defeat and try to recoup their losses. Even if they were penniless, they could still borrow money. This fact made them valuable targets for Abigail to exploit.
“Crystal, you still have some celestial stones, right? Lend me some, and I’ll pay you back as soon as I win!”
Suddenly, Miles turned to Crystal beside him. His eyes were brimming with eagerness.
She could tell he had become addicted to gambling.
###Chapter 2204 by Marina Vittori
Crystal frowned as she met Miles’s intense gaze. “Miles, you should call it quits. If you continue to gamble, it’ll only lead you deeper into trouble.”
Gamblers often found themselves trapped in a cycle of addiction, and they were never content with their winnings.
Their insatiable desire for more drove them to risk everything. Hence, it often led them to stray from the right path.
At that moment, he appeared to be showing signs of addiction. If left unchecked, it could lead to disaster.
“Just one more bet, Crystal. I promise. If I win this time, I’ll quit for good,” Miles pleaded earnestly.
“Yes, I’m with him. I’ve even wagered my sword. I need to win it back,” Ruby chimed in.
Their hopeful eyes bore into Crystal’s.
“Have you considered the consequences if you lose?” she countered.
“It won’t happen, I swear. I’ll be cautious this time and only bet when I’m confident. I won’t lose again,” Miles assured.
“Yeah, we were led astray before. If we had trusted our instincts, we’d be winning by now,” Ruby added.
“Don’t you get it? Gambling never ends well. If you keep going, it’ll only end badly,” Crystal said sternly.
“Crystal, just one more try. If we break even, we’ll quit for good! I promise,” Miles pleaded.
“You’ve got plenty of celestial stones. Just lend us some. We’ll pay you back if we win,” Ruby added.
“Why are you so stubborn? Can’t you see what’s at stake here?” Crystal scolded.
“Crystal, you’ve seen how many times we’ve won before. What happened earlier was just bad luck. If you lend us some celestial stones, I’m sure we can turn things around!” Miles insisted.
“I just want to get our swords back. Please, give us one more shot?” Ruby pleaded.
“I’ll get your swords back, but I won’t lend you any celestial stones for gambling,” Crystal stated firmly.
Upon hearing that, Miles and Ruby exchanged a helpless glance. They knew Crystal’s resolve and that lending celestial stones was off the table.
Despite their significant losses, they couldn’t bring themselves to give up. They still hoped to recover the celestial stones they had lost in the bet. Unfortunately, they had depleted their funds.
Ignoring their pained expressions, Crystal approached the betting table and redeemed the swords they had wagered.
“Here are your swords. No more gambling.” She tossed the swords back to Miles and Ruby.
A heavy sigh escaped from them as they looked at their swords. It wasn’t happiness they felt but rather a profound sense of melancholy and regret.
The harsh reality was that the celestial stones lost in their bets were irretrievable.
“Don’t be disheartened. Crystal is right. If you keep gambling, you’ll only dig yourselves into a deeper hole,” Dalen chimed in unexpectedly.
“You’ve already racked up a bunch of celestial stones. Obviously, you can afford to walk away. But we haven’t gained anything,” Ruby retorted sharply.
“You see, Mr. Shade knows when to walk away. But you? You win once, and suddenly, you’re hungry for more. How do you expect not to lose? Your insatiable greed is what’s blinding you in the end!” Crystal scolded.
Miles and Ruby exchanged a glance and opted to stay silent.
Abigail’s gambling scheme continued. With her enthusiastic urging, another batch of new gamblers joined in.
And so, the cycle began again.
First, she would allow the gamblers to win a few rounds. Then, she would let them savor success and gradually get addicted. Then, by manipulating the outcomes, she would reclaim everything.
Only a few could win the celestial stones, while the remaining ended up as her harvested crop.
Even after their losses, the gamblers hoped that luck could still be on their side. One defeat didn’t dampen their optimism. They remained determined to keep going, fueled by the chance of a win.
This downward spiral led them deeper into the abyss of addiction, leaving them unable to break free in the end.
Abigail keenly understood the gamblers ‘ mindset, which kept her composed. She knew that addicted gamblers rarely knew when to quit, and the greedy ones often ended up losing everything.
At sunset, the first day’s battle tournament ended.
There were many potential talents in Group C. As soon as the matches ended, these individuals became prime targets for numerous major sects.
Offers of tempting promises, generous rewards, and attempts to recruit them flooded in.
Major sects found it easier to retain disciples due to their abundant resources. However, smaller sects faced a different challenge.
With better prospects and resources, major sects enticed talent away with promises of lucrative rewards.
In contrast, Abigail, representing the Mystic Arts Order, wasn’t interested in recruiting talent. Her focus was on treasures and alchemical secrets.
After a day of betting, she amassed several batches of profit and was pleased with her earnings.
“Alright, everyone, today’s matches and bets are over. Let’s reconvene tomorrow. Remember, the more rare treasures you prepare, the greater your potential earnings!” Abigail directed her subordinates to gather the treasures.
Despite using up a crate of celestial stones, the treasures she obtained were worth ten times that amount. After collecting them, Abigail warmly invited Dustin and his companions to dinner.
It was time to celebrate her big haul!
###Chapter 2205 by Marina Vittori
Under the night sky of Sacred Wrym Summit, Abigail, well-heeled and in high spirits, had booked the second floor of Heighten Tavern for a celebratory feast.
The attendees were Dustin and his companions. After all, making a fortune through unscrupulous means wasn’t that honorable. So, it was crucial to keep a low profile.
“Sir, I’m in a great mood today. We’re not leaving until we’re all plastered!” Abigail poured the wine and clinked glasses with Dustin before downing it in one gulp.
He smiled in response and took a sip.
“Come on, everyone. Dig in and enjoy! Don’t be shy about it.” She warmly encouraged Crystal and the others after downing her drink.
Dalen smiled and asked, “Ms. Robinson, that smile of yours tells a story. I bet today was a profitable day, right?”
“Just a small haul and nothing too extravagant,” she replied modestly.
“Ms. Robinson, it seems luck is always on your side. You always manage to turn the tide at the critical moment,” Crystal remarked. Her tone seemed to suggest something.
“Luck has nothing to do with it. It’s all about my ability to turn the tide with my smarts.” Abigail tapped her temple with her finger.
She continued, “I’ve strategically positioned several elites among the Group C contestants. Whenever they take the stage, I have complete control over the outcome. I determine the winners and losers, which gives me an unbeatable edge.”
Crystal was taken aback upon hearing that. She had noticed a few clues throughout the day but wasn’t sure about her assumptions.
However, she never anticipated Abigail’s blunt admission. It even led her to question if she had misheard. Miles and Ruby exchanged incredulous glances and were equally taken aback.
They believed winning and losing in the bet depended solely on intuition and luck. However, Abigail’s revelation completely shattered that belief.
“M-Ms. Robinson, are you telling us you manipulated today’s betting pool?” Miles asked tentatively.
“Not every game, but I did manipulate the outcome. Even so, it’s enough for me to gain the upper hand,” Abigail replied.
“But… aren’t you deceiving us?” Ruby asked and sprang to her feet.
After all, she was also one of the victims.
Abigail smiled ambiguously and said, ” Deceiving? I don’t see it that way. I’m just using my smarts to make some money. What’s wrong with that?”
She continued, “And let’s face it, if those gamblers weren’t so greedy, they wouldn’t have ended up as losers.
“Crystal also made a nice haul of celestial stones. You would’ve won a lot if you had listened to her advice earlier.
“You-”
Ruby was about to say something, but Crystal interjected, “Ms. Robinson is right. Being too greedy never ends well.
“If you know when to stop, you won’t lose everything. Today, Ms. Robinson has taught you both an important lesson, so you should thank her.”
“Of course, it’s Crystal who’d understand,” Abigail remarked with a faint smile.
She added, “I’m only being upfront because you’re Sir’s friends. Otherwise, I wouldn’t even bring it up.”
Miles and Ruby exchanged a glance of resignation. Despite their annoyance, they knew they had to acknowledge the reality before them.
They blamed themselves for lacking the sharpness to detect the deception and yielding to greed. Perhaps the result could have been different if they had been more perceptive.
Abigail suddenly asked, “Oh, by the way, are you Group B contestants?”
“Yes. Why?” Miles nodded.
“Group B contestants, huh? That’s great. It just so happens I could use your help,” she said.
Then, she took out several bags of celestial stones and placed them on the table. “I’ll be running betting pools for the tournament, but I’m a bit short on staffing for the acting part.
“If you can pitch in, I’ll reward you generously. These celestial stones are the down payment. Once everything’s settled, I’ll give you more.”
“Um…”
The group couldn’t help but look at each other upon hearing that. They hadn’t expected Abigail to make such a
request. “Isn’t this match-fixing? We’re disciples of major sects, after all. How could we stoop to such a level?” Ruby frowned and rejected the idea.
“Ms. Robinson, if we’re caught, it won’t just be our reputation on the line. The entire standing of our sect will suffer. That’s a risk we simply can’t afford to take.” Miles shook his head.
“If you feel like these celestial stones aren’t enough, we can always negotiate, “Abigail offered with a smile.
Miles couldn’t help but feel tempted by the offer. He knew he wasn’t among the top contenders in the Combat Tournament, so the outcome- whether he won or lost-didn’t trouble him much.
Yet, the prospect of accumulating a bunch of celestial stones in just a few matches was too enticing to ignore.
As a member of the Sword Union, he felt obligated to uphold the sect’s honor, which prevented him from taking any action that might tarnish it.
“Ms. Robinson, we appreciate the offer. But as the Sword Union disciples, we can’t compromise our sect’s integrity. I hope you understand,” Crystal declined politely.
Celestial stones were valuable, but not at the expense of their integrity.
“Don’t sweat it if you’re not interested in my offer. Integrity matters more than anything else. If you ever change your mind, just give me a shout. There’s no rush.” Abigail smiled warmly and left it at that.
As they chatted, a loud shout echoed from outside the tavern.
“Troublemaker! Come out and face the music!”
The booming voice reverberated out of nowhere.
Abigail’s smiling expression couldn’t conceal the icy glint in her eyes.
###Chapter 2206 by Marina Vittori
“Troublemaker! I know you’re in there, so come out and face the music!”
The loud shout echoed through the tavern again. It sent waves of unease rippling through the patrons.
Miles and the others instinctively turned their gaze toward Abigail.
To them, she was the only one who fit the bill of a troublemaker. But who would dare to be so bold as to challenge the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order so openly?
“Everyone, please continue enjoying your meal. I’ll take care of this.” Abigail smiled as she dabbed her mouth with a napkin. Then, she rose from her seat and descended the stairs.
Miles and the others exchanged glances and hurried to the window to see what was happening outside.
On the street, a burly man surrounded by a gang of 20 to 30 men was shouting threats. They wielded their weapons menacingly as if they were ready for action.
“Hey, doesn’t that man look familiar?” Ruby arched her eyebrow as she recognized the burly man. She had seen him at the Combat Tournament, but his name momentarily escaped her.
“It’s Luke Harding from Frostzard Manor!” Miles chimed in.
“You’re right! It’s him!” Ruby nodded. ” This punk caused a scene at the Combat Tournament earlier, and Caleb blasted him with Stormcraft magic until he was a mess. I didn’t expect him to recover so quickly. He’s quite resilient.”
“Luke’s got the skills, but he’s not the brightest bulb,” Dalen remarked.
He unfolded his fan and said casually, ” Caleb spared his life back at Sacred Wrym Summit, but now he’s out looking for trouble again.”
“People like him, sheltered from reality, have no idea how dangerous the Mystic Arts Order can be.” Crystal shook her head in disbelief. She shared Dalen’s view on Luke’s futile provocation.
“Frostzard Manor is a major sect. By looking at the group of men that Luke’s brought along, I’m worried that Ms. Abigail might be outnumbered.” Ruby observed the situation from above.
She noticed that the men accompanying Luke were elites. Despite Abigail’s status as the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order, Ruby couldn’t help but worry about her confronting them alone.
“Ruby, don’t underestimate them. Regular martial artists might fret over being outnumbered, but not the Mystic Arts Order. Think about it-what’s their specialty?” Miles hinted.
“Witchcraft and parasitic poison?” Ruby quickly caught on.
“Exactly!” Miles nodded.
He went on, “Let’s not talk about witchcraft and those dark arts. We haven’t encountered anything like that. But just the parasitic poison alone is terrifying enough to make the top martial artists quake in their boots!
“Given the size of the crowd at Frostzard Manor, if Ms. Robinson were to use her parasitic poison, she could incapacitate them effortlessly.”
“Is the poison really that deadly?” Ruby asked skeptically.
“More than deadly-it’s downright unpredictable!” Miles shuddered.
He added, “Do you know how many elites from the martial world have fallen victim to parasitic poison?
“It can kill its victim without leaving a trace. Plus, its eerie menace has haunted countless martial artists’ nightmares.
“The Mystic Arts Order has many enemies, yet no faction dares to pick a fight with them. That’s because the terror of parasitic poison has deeply ingrained itself in everyone’s minds.
“Even our sect would avoid confrontation unless provoked by profound animosity.”
The Mystic Arts Order thrived in outnumbered scenarios and employed various unorthodox tactics. Those who provoked their disciples would meet their end without understanding how it happened.
“So, Luke and his gang are walking into a hornet’s nest?” Ruby raised an eyebrow.
She asked, “Are they really that oblivious? They’re still eager for a fight despite knowing the risks of crossing paths with the Mystic Arts Order?”
“We’ll see soon enough,” Miles remarked as he glanced out the window.
At that moment, Abigail confidently stepped outside the tavern’s entrance.
“Troublemaker! So, you’re here!” Luke angrily brandished his sword at her.
“It seems like you haven’t learned your lesson from this morning. And you dare to swagger in front of me? Aren’t you afraid of the consequences?” Abigail smiled, but her eyes betrayed a chilling coldness.
“Hmph! We’ll see who’s left standing in the end,” Luke sneered.
Then, he shouted, “The men behind me are martial arts experts I’ve paid handsomely. You might be tough, but you can’t take us all on alone!”
“Martial arts experts?” Abigail scoffed as she scanned the group. “A bunch of amateurs think they’re experts? This is freaking hilarious!”
“Outrageous!”
“How dare you!”
“This is absurd!”
Abigail’s words sparked anger among the martial arts experts, who began to curse her behavior. After all, these martial arts experts were prominent figures in the martial world.
Luke had invited them to join forces in defeating her. Their mission was fueled by the belief in wiping out evil and safeguarding the people.
Yet, they never imagined Abigail would be so bold as to disregard them.
“Hey, troublemaker! Don’t you dare get ahead of yourself! We’re all geared up for this. Regardless of your skill, you won’t throw us off track!” Luke’s voice boomed.
“Really? Then, bring it on. Let’s see just how tough you are. I’m curious how many lives you think you’ve got to throw around.” Abigail looked at them disdainfully and beckoned them with her finger.
“Hey Luke, she’s just a kid. There’s no need for all the other big shots to jump in. With just us two, we’ll have her tied up in no time.” The Bovens brothers- twin siblings-volunteered for the showdown.
“I’ve heard you two have been experimenting with poisons for years and have built up immunity to all sorts of toxins?” Luke asked.
“You’re right!” The twins nodded in unison.
Then, one of the twins added, “Yeah, we might not have many talents, but we’re the go-to guy for poisons. So, dealing with this troublemaker should be a walk in the park for us.”
“Great! You two take the lead, and let’s capture this troublemaker together.” Luke’s face lit up with determination.
The Mystic Arts Order’s most dreaded weapon was their mystic poison.
Coincidentally, the Bovens brothers were immune to all poisons and utterly fearless. Hence, they were the perfect counter to Abigail’s technique.
###Chapter 2207 by Marina Vittori
“Don’t worry, Luke. Since you hired us, consider your troubles taken care of. We’re here to help,” one of the Bovens twins reassured him.
“That’s right. You just sit back and watch how we deal with this troublemaker,” the other chimed in.
The twins bantered back and forth confidently as if victory was already in their bag.
Luke glared at Abigail and shouted, ” Hey, troublemaker! Did you hear that? If you’re wise, surrender now. Otherwise, today will be your last.’
“Enough with the chatter. Let’s get this over with. I’ve got dinner waiting upstairs,” she retorted impatiently.
“Arrogant fool!”
“Get ready to face our wrath!”
Enraged by her words, the twins quickly grabbed their weapons and charged forward.
Their choice of weapons was rather peculiar. One brandished a spear, while the other wielded an iron abacus.
The iron abacus beads were released with a flick of the wrist. They shot out like hidden weapons as it rained down on Abigail.
Simultaneously, the spear lunged forward like a charging lance aimed directly at her.
Their coordination was flawless as they hid their deadly intent.
First, they used the barrage of abacus beads for distraction. Then, it was swiftly followed up with the spear for the finishing blow.
For an ordinary martial artist, countering such a tactic would be next to impossible.
But Abigail was far from ordinary. As the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order, ranked second on the Legendary List, she didn’t even bat an eye at the Bovens brothers’ attack.
“Is this the best you can do?” She snorted contemptuously and raised her hand.
A surge of internal energy exploded like a crashing wave and scattered the incoming abacus beads in all directions. It sounded like hailstones were pelting the surroundings.
“Go to hell!”
Taking advantage of Abigail’s momentary distraction, the elder Bovens brother lunged forward with his spear aimed at Abigail’s chest.
Yet, she remained unfazed. She effortlessly intercepted the spear midair with two fingers.
His eyes widened in disbelief, and he was shocked at what had happened. He couldn’t believe their meticulously trained killing technique had been effortlessly thwarted.
“Is that the best you can do?” Abigail’s eyes glinted with deadly intent.
“You’ve walked right into our trap, troublemaker!” The elder Bovens brother’s grin turned sinister as he swiftly triggered a hidden mechanism on the spear.
Suddenly, a Frost Needle shot out from the spear’s tip.
The Frost Needle was among the top ten hidden weapons. It was crafted to pierce through protection armor energy and had a freezing effect.
Once it struck a vital point, it spelled doom regardless of how advanced one’s cultivation was.
This Frost Needle was the Bovens brothers’ last resort. They kept it as a last line of defense.
When he sensed the imminent threat of death, the elder Bovens brother decided it was time to unleash it.
At such close range, he knew it was impossible to evade it. “Hmph! Let’s see you survive this!”
Just when the Bovens brothers believed victory was assured, Abigail surprised them by clamping down on the Frost Needle with her teeth.
“What? How is this possible?” The twins’ faces paled in shock.
Before they could react, she took a deep breath and forcefully spat out the needle. It pierced straight through the elder Bovens brother’s throat.
“Ugh…”
The elder Bovens brother’s eyes widened in disbelief as he stood frozen in place. His entire body was immediately enveloped in ice and transformed into a frozen statue within moments.
Then, he toppled backward and broke into countless pieces. There was nothing left but fragments scattered across the ground.
“No!” Watching his brother’s shattered remains strewn across the ground, the younger Bovens brother was filled with shock and fury.
He thought they had everything under control. But he never expected their attempt at a sneak attack would claim one of their lives.
“How dare you kill my brother? I’ll make you pay!” the younger Bovens brother snarled.
With fury blazing in his eyes, he swung his iron abacus fiercely. All the beads were unleashed, and a relentless barrage was aimed straight at Abigail.
She stood motionless and raised her hand before swiftly sweeping her sleeve.
Suddenly, a surge of her grandmaster’s internal energy exploded. It propelled the abacus beads backward with tremendous force.
The beads, like bullets discharged from a firearm, pierced through the younger Bovens brother’s body. His body was riddled with gaping wounds.
After spitting out a mouthful of blood, he collapsed onto the ground and drew his last breath.
The whole fight lasted only three moves.
“Dead… he’s dead?”
The sight of the two mangled bodies on the ground left everyone stunned.
They thought Abigail was just skilled with poison, and the supposedly immune-to-poison Bovens brothers were her perfect counter.
But no one expected that the twins would die so easily, with no chance to put up a fight.
It was clear the two sides were simply not on the same level.
“The Bovens brothers?” Luke spat on the ground in disgust. “Those guys were a joke!”
He thought the twins were tough but couldn’t even last three moves against Abigail. How pathetic.
“Who else is itching for a one-way ticket to hell?” Abigail stood in silence. Her gaze pierced the group with a bone- chilling coldness.
In the past, she would have skipped the small talk and gone on a rampage. But now, she was at Sacred Wrym Summit.
In the days ahead, she had to run her betting pool. She knew too much bloodshed would damper her profits. That was why she hesitated to escalate things too far.
Regrettably, while she might show some leniency, others might not be as willing to relent.
“Let us take you down!”
At that moment, four members of the Greenfield Gang stepped forward behind Luke. They were varied in height and build but exuded an air of dominance as a group.
“The Greenfield Gang? I’ve never heard of you.” Abigail scoffed.
She added, “Why don’t you all come at once? Don’t waste my time. I’ve got places to be.”
###Chapter 2208 by Marina Vittori
“Listen here, troublemaker! Don’t you dar? get cocky! Do you think you can look down on us? Well, mark my words, this time next year, people will gather to remember your death!”
“Hmph! We’ve been around the block in this martial world for years. Naturally, we’ve seen it all. Yet, a mere troublemaker like you strut around like you own the place. You’ve got no clue what you’re up against!”
“If you know what’s good for you, drop to your knees and beg for mercy, or else we’ll kill you!”
The Greenfield Gang was shouting and yelling at her. They were all filled with righteous anger. Abigail’s contemptuous words had enraged them.
Though the title of Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order might sound imposing, the Greenfield Gang was ruthless. They had stared death in the face and lived to tell the tale, so they were fearless in the face of danger.
But their confidence mainly stemmed from her young age. They doubted that someone barely 18 or 19 could have reached such a high level of mastery. She needed to have started training practically from birth.
Moreover, Abigail was alone and had no guardian by her side.
Meanwhile, they had a whole squad of heroic comrades backing them up. No matter how powerful she was, she was still outnumbered.
“You’re so damn noisy!” Abigail frowned
Then, she said impatiently, “Looks like you won’t get the message until there’s some bloodshed.”
“Enough with your chatter! It’s time for us to teach you a lesson!”
The Greenfield Gang exchanged silent glances. They immediately drew their weapons and charged forward.
Their movements were swift as they formed an avian formation before launching their attacks.
It was a tactical arrangement where they positioned themselves in a formation resembling the flight pattern of birds. Typically, it involved two leading the charge and two providing backup.
This formation allowed for dynamic movement, both in offense and defense. It was a versatile formation that allowed them to change strategies and keep their opponents on their toes.
In situations where the opponents were outnumbered, the avian formation offered a tactical advantage that was difficult to overcome.
“Talk about laying it all out on the table. You can tell right away that the Greenfield Gang isn’t messing around. They were much stronger than the Bovens brothers!”
“You bet! The Greenfield Gang has been the top dog for as long as anyone can remember. With all four members teaming up, taking down one troublemaker should be a breeze.”
“This troublemaker is too young. She even dares to fight alone without a guardian in sight. Today is going to be her last.”
Watching the Greenfield Gang radiating confidence, the martial arts elites behind Luke couldn’t resist whispering among themselves.
In contrast to Abigail, the recently appointed Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order, they believed the Greenfield Gang would win the fight.
“Prowling predator!”
“Call of the wilderness!”
“Primal fury!”
“Titans clash!”
After surrounding her, the Greenfield Gang launched their attack from all angles.
One swung blades, the other tossed daggers, another flung hidden weapons, while the last one used poison.
The scene unfolded like a whirlwind of action, and their movements were hard to follow.
“Ignorant fools!” Abigail snorted and brought down her palm in one swift motion. Her palm wind ripped through the air like a thunderclap. It carried a tremendous force as it pressed on the Greenfield Gang.
The Greenfield Gang suddenly felt a heavy weight bearing down on them, and their movements slowed to a crawl.
And then, like a mountain collapsing into the sea, a colossal palm wind slammed into them head-on.
The four men let out a cacophony of screams as they were hurled through the air. They crashed to the ground over ten yards away and coughed up blood.
The Greenfield Gang was defeated with just one move.
The onlookers were left in disbelief as they witnessed the turn of events.
“How… How could this happen? They have been defeated?”
“She took down the Greenfield Gang in one swift move. Just how powerful is she?”
The crowd exchanged incredulous looks.
It made sense when Abigail effortlessly defeated the Bovens brothers earlier. After all, the twins were known for their immunity to poison, not their combat skills.
But the Greenfield Gang was in a league of its own.
Each member was a force to be reckoned with, and they became an unstoppable powerhouse when they teamed up. They rarely encountered a worthy opponent.
Hence, witnessing them sustain serious injuries from just one move was terrifying.
“Troublemaker! You… you destroyed our cultivation?”
The Greenfield Gang lay sprawled on the ground. They were shocked and terrified as they couldn’t rise to their feet.
“And what if I did? Count yourselves lucky I didn’t finish you off,” Abigail said coldly.
“Why you-”
One of the Greenfield Gang members spat out another mouthful of blood in a fury.
The gang thought they would strike gold with this opportunity and hoped to make some cash and earn respect. Instead, their plan completely backfired.
Not only did they return empty- handed, but they also ended up shooting themselves in the foot.
“Now, it’s your turn!”
Abigail’s gaze swept over Luke and his group.
Her intense stare sent shivers down their spines, and it stirred up a primal sense of panic.
Luke and his group were not dumb. They had witnessed Abigail take down the Greenfield Gang with a single move, so her strength spoke for itself.
Pushing around weak opponents was one thing, but facing off against a powerhouse like her was akin to playing with fire.
“Troublemaker! I didn’t expect you to have any tricks left, but I underestimated you. Do you think you can handle these elites alone? That’s just wishful thinking!” Luke shouted.
He added, “Now, I’ll show you what it looks like to face a united front! Everyone, let’s take down this troublemaker together!”
He raised his longsword high in the air and shouted, “Take out the troublemaker! Finish her off!”
His words spurred the others into action as they raised their weapons and joined the battle cry.
“Charge!”
Luke thrust his sword forward as he led the charge with Frostzard Manor’s elite martial artists at his side.
At that moment, martial ethics took a backseat to the burning desire for revenge. Thoughts of his father consumed him entirely as he would stop at nothing to settle the score.
“Charge!”
Fueled by a shared purpose, the martial arts experts echoed Luke’s cry with thunderous roars as they charged forward.
After all, they had taken Luke’s money and couldn’t just back out now that things were heating up. Even if it was all for show, they had a reputation to uphold.
In their line of work, reputation meant everything.
###Chapter 2209 by Marina Vittori
“You’re overestimating your abilities!”
Abigail sneered as she watched Luke and his group charging at her. Without a second thought, she whipped out a fist-sized iron orb and hurled it their way.
The orb belonged to the Dawson Clan’s collection of eight hidden weapons, known as the Phantom Blooms.
There were 888 poisoned needles packed inside the iron orb. Each needle could penetrate an energy armor.
Should any martial artist below the grandmaster level be struck by these poisoned needles, they would instantly be immobilized.
When the Dawson Clan lost their bet, Abigail acquired this weapon. Finally, she had the opportunity to put it to use.
The moment the Phantom Blooms orb was thrown, it emitted a faint hum. It signaled the activation of its mechanisms.
In an instant, the 888 poisoned needles were primed and poised for release.
“Hah! Do you think a puny hidden weapon can harm us? Dream on!”
When Abigail threw the iron orb, Luke didn’t hesitate and raised his sword to jab it. Upon impact, the orb erupted, and countless poisoned needles were released.
The needles shot out like an arrow as they scattered in all directions.
“Watch out!” someone shouted, but it was too late.
The activated poisoned needles of the Phantom Blooms transformed the surrounding area into a deadly zone spanning a radius of 30 feet.
Luke, leading the charge, bore the brunt of the attack. He had reacted swiftly and activated his energy armor for protection, but it was futile.
Unbeknownst to him, the poisoned needles were designed to breach even such defenses.
Some succumbed instantly, while others lay wounded.
Luke was pierced by a barrage of needles, with over 100 needles penetrating his body. Behind him, the other experts suffered similar fates.
The power of the Phantom Blooms proved devastating as it caught them completely off guard.
Despite their knowledge of the Mystic Arts Order’s mastery of poisons, they never imagined Abigail possessed the Dawson Clan’s hidden weapons.
This lack of preparation made them vulnerable and turned them into easy prey.
Those with greater resilience managed to shield their vital points with weapons and thus narrowly escape death. Meanwhile, the weaker ones succumbed instantly to the onslaught.
In just one encounter, over 20 bodies were strewn across the ground.
The air echoed with the sounds of agony and curses as the wounded writhed in pain.
“The Dawson Clan’s Phantom Blooms truly live up to their reputation. They’re devastatingly effective,” Abigail remarked.
She smirked as she surveyed the casualties around her.
Her choice to employ the Phantom Blooms had been spontaneous since it was driven by a desire to gauge its effectiveness. However, the results surpassed her expectations.
She had incapacitated more than 20 martial artists with a single activation of the Phantom Blooms. It proved that it was a formidable weapon for mass destruction.
Abigail knew she would be undefeatable in a fight if she had a few more Phantom Blooms.
“Holy cow! What just happened down there? Why did everyone collapse so suddenly?” Ruby exclaimed.
Her eyes were wide with astonishment as she peered through the window from the second floor.
Everything had happened so quickly that she couldn’t process it. All she saw was Abigail throwing something dark, and then Luke and his group were writhing in agony on the ground.
“It’s the Dawson Clan’s Phantom Blooms-one of their deadliest hidden weapons,” Miles explained. “It’s incredibly powerful and designed to pierce through energy armor. Anyone below the level of a grandmaster would struggle to defend against it.”
Though he had heard of the Phantom Blooms before, witnessing its devastation firsthand made him realize its terrifying potential.
Previously, he had regarded the Dawson Clan’s claims with skepticism. He even dismissed them as mere boasting with a touch of exaggeration.
However, witnessing the devastating power of the Phantom Blooms firsthand made him realize the true extent of the threat posed by these hidden weapons.
“The Dawson Clan’s Phantom Blooms? That’s terrifying,” Ruby murmured as she felt a shiver run down her spine. She might not have lived to tell the tale if she had been the one down there.
“While the Phantom Blooms are formidable, their range is limited to about 100 feet,” Dalen explained.
He narrowed his eyes and continued, ” Within that range, they’re lethal, but their power diminishes significantly beyond it. Additionally, they’re equipped with a delayed release mechanism to avoid unintended harm.
“So, defending against them is relatively straightforward. Either flee swiftly or find solid cover for protection.
“While the Phantom Blooms can pierce through energy armor, their penetration power isn’t formidable. Rocks, steel-anything sturdy can weaken or even block the poisoned needles.
“In essence, it’s a matter of running or hiding. And if you are a grandmaster martial artist, you can simply ignore them.
“The poisoned needles can pierce energy armor but can’t penetrate a grandmaster’s internal energy. In the end, hidden weapons are merely decorative if you’re strong enough.”
While the Dawson Clan’s hidden weapons proved effective, they came with their own set of drawbacks.
Firstly, crafting such potent weapons required rare materials and intricate manufacturing processes, making mass production impractical. Moreover, only a select few elite disciples could possess them.
Secondly, the Phantom Blooms were a consumable item. Once deployed, they couldn’t be reused.
Lastly, their effectiveness was limited to martial artists below the grandmaster level.
Most hidden weapons could be easily disregarded at the level of a grandmaster martial artist. While rare hidden weapons could harm them, they were exceedingly scarce and known to few.
“Despite their drawbacks, the Dawson Clan’s hidden weapons are still formidable. It would be wise to exercise caution if we ever encounter them in the future,” Crystal remarked solemnly.
She even doubted her chances of survival within 100 feet of the Phantom Blooms.
Furthermore, the Dawson Clan’s hidden weapons had no restrictions. Even an ordinary person could defeat a martial arts expert.
Decades of dedicated training couldn’t compare to the deadly potential held by an average individual.
That was the true terror of the Dawson Clan.
###Chapter 2210 by Marina Vittori
Outside the tavern, the martial arts experts led by Luke lay sprawled on the ground. Many were either dead or wounded.
Amidst the aftermath, only Abigail stood unscathed.
The effectiveness of the Phantom Blooms had surpassed her expectations. She even contemplated further trades with the Dawson Clan for additional hidden weapons.
After all, traded weapons often held unexpected surprises.
Luke, sprawling on the ground, struggled to speak. “Troublemaker! You you’re despicable!”
His resilience was remarkable despite being pierced by countless poisoned needles.
“You’re still alive?” Abigail raised an eyebrow and was surprised that he survived.
He was just three feet away when the Phantom Blooms unleashed its barrage of poisoned needles. At that range, he should have been gravely injured.
For anyone else, it would have likely been a fatal blow. Yet, despite his severe injuries and immobility, Luke displayed astonishing resilience.
“Without your cowardly ambush with hidden weapons, would you even stand a chance against me?” His tone dripped with bitterness and defiance.
“Even on death’s doorstep, your defiance remains. I can’t help but wonder what thoughts swirl in your stubborn head.” Abigail approached and looked at him condescendingly.
She added coldly, “In the past, you would have met your end by now. But today, I’m feeling generous. I’ll offer you a chance. Kneel before me, beg for mercy, and perhaps I’ll consider sparing your pathetic life. What do you say?”
Luke spat in response, and the glob landed on her clothes. “Whether you aim to kill or maim, it’s your call. But if I hesitate today, they won’t see me as their hero anymore!”
Abigail glanced at the spittle staining her clothes. She frowned briefly before regaining her composure. “If death is what you seek, then I’ll grant it.”
With a flick of her wrist, a long sword on the ground shot up into the air and landed neatly in her hand. Then, she swung it and sliced him cleanly in two across his midsection.
“Listen up, troublemaker! Even in the afterlife, you won’t escape my wrath!”
Luke’s final words were drowned out as he gasped his last breath.
He died with his eyes wide open and his face frozen in a grimace of rage.
Abigail dropped the sword and turned toward the survivors. Before she could speak, they fell to their knees and begged for mercy.
“Please, Grand Sorceress, have mercy!”
“We were just doing it for the money. We have no vendetta against the Mystic Arts Order. Please, Grand Sorceress, spare us! We’ll never cause trouble again!”
Several survivors’ bodies were battered, and their movements were sluggish from the poisoned needles.
With no strength left to resist, their only chance of survival was to beg for mercy. Otherwise, they could risk facing the same fate as Luke.
“You’re not completely clueless.” Abigail nodded in satisfaction. “Now get lost, and don’t let me catch you again.”
“Okay! We’ll leave now!” They scrambled to their feet and bolted away.
Just when they thought they had cheated death, they felt a sudden wind swept over them.
Several people saw a mysterious figure clad in white soaring overhead. With a backflip, the figure landed squarely in their path.
Upon closer inspection, they were shocked that the figure in white blocking their path was the guardian of the Mystic Arts Order.
“How dare you attack the Grand Sorceress? Go to hell!” After the outburst, the guardian in white struck down with a powerful palm.
With a roar, the guardian’s internal energy morphed into a dark phantom, which pounced ferociously toward the group with its teeth and claws bared.
“W-Wait! The Grand Sorceress has promised to spare us-”
Before they could finish explaining, the dark phantom lunged forward and tore them apart with a single ferocious swipe. Limbs were torn asunder, scattering across the ground in a gruesome display.
The Mystic Arts Order’s guardian wielded the might of a grandmaster, rendering the entry-level divine martial artists utterly helpless in the face of his powerful strike.
“Grand Sorceress, the pests have been dealt with.” After taking care of the few remaining individuals, he immediately approached Abigail and bowed respectfully.
“Good job.” She nodded approvingly.” Make sure this place gets cleaned up pronto. I don’t want anything ruining my appetite.”
“Yes, Grand Sorceress,” the guardian replied with a nod.
Abigail dusted off her clothes. With a subtle sense of awareness, she lifted her head to glance at Ruby and the others on the second floor with a slight smile.
However, to Ruby, that smile seemed unsettling.
After returning to the second floor, Abigail acted as if nothing had happened and maintained her cheerful demeanor.
“Sorry to keep you waiting. The issue has been dealt with. Let’s get back to drinking.” She poured herself a glass of wine and downed it in one gulp.
The others exchanged glances and raised their glasses in response. But Ruby stood there and stared at Abigail with mixed emotions.
“Ruby, what’s with the look? Do you have something on your mind?” Abigail asked with a smile.
“Ms. Robinson, those people were already incapacitated and pleading for mercy. Why did you feel the need to be so ruthless?” Ruby frowned.
She found Abigail’s brutality distasteful. Even her tone had turned noticeably colder toward Abigail.
“What’s the matter? Do you think I went too far?” Abigail smiled faintly.
“Yes!” Ruby didn’t hold back. “You had already won. Why did you kill them?”
“Have you considered what would have happened if I hadn’t been strong enough? I was outnumbered today.
What fate would have awaited me if I hadn’t fought back?” Abigail countered.
“I-” Ruby was at a loss for words.
Luke sought vengeance for his father. If he had defeated Abigail, he would have surely killed her.
“Looks like you’ve got your answer.” Abigail smiled faintly.
She continued, “Today, they were the ones trying to kill me. I was merely defending myself. What’s wrong with that?
“Besides, do you truly believe they are righteous individuals? They’re just mercenaries committing heinous acts like arson, murder, and robbery. Letting them live would only invite trouble.
“Killing them is actually doing society a favor, don’t you agree?”
###Chapter 2211 by Marina Vittori
“I…”
Abigail’s words left Ruby speechless, and she blushed. Ruby suddenly realized she was too naive.
Grudges and alliances often defied reason in the martial world-either kill or be killed.
If Luke intended to kill Abigail, then it was only natural for her to defend herself by retaliating against him. Her actions were justified.
Furthermore, as Abigail pointed out, those who acted solely for profit were hardly virtuous. Therefore, it was not worthwhile to advocate for justice on their behalf.
“Ruby, judging by your demeanor, you’re likely new to the martial world,” Abigail began. “Holding onto your good intentions is commendable, but you must choose your allies wisely. Blindly playing the role of a saint will only bring harm to yourself and others.”
She offered a knowing smile. “Let’s let bygones be bygones. There’s no need to let tension brew between us over strangers’ affairs. Come, let’s continue with our drinks.”
Then, she lifted her glass and nodded toward Ruby.
Ruby hesitated briefly before raising her glass and downing its contents.
As the tension dissipated after the brief commotion, the atmosphere in the tavern returned to its former merriment as if nothing had happened. Laughter and chatter resumed, accompanied by the clinking of glasses.
Meanwhile, members of the Mystic Arts Order swiftly cleaned up the aftermath outside the tavern.
With the streets littered with bodies and blood, they worked diligently to erase any traces of the night’s violence. Even if their actions were in self- defense, they had to ensure no lingering consequences.
For them, preserving their reputation and ensuring their gambling activities could continue uninterrupted was paramount.
As the night swiftly progressed to morning, the atmosphere at Sacred Wrym Summit remained lively.
Even, at this early hour, the venue buzzed with anticipation as crowds filled every available space. They were eagerly awaiting the start of the tournament.
To capitalize on profits, Abigail invested a significant sum to secure a prime spot. She had set up ten gambling tables to accommodate the growing number of gamblers.
With an extensive range of wagers available, covering everything from match outcomes to timing and fighting styles, the variety offered was unparalleled.
Additionally, she had arranged for crates of celestial stones to be delivered overnight from the Mystic Arts Order for the preparations.
In contrast to the trivial disputes on the previous day, Abigail appeared resolute to leave a lasting impression this time.
With tens of thousands of spectators, including elite members from various major sects, gathering at the Sacred Wrym Summit, there was ample opportunity for profit.
For Abigail, cultivating these potential gamblers would lead to untold wealth. She naturally had taken precautions just in case.
Sacred Wrym Summit had turned a blind eye to the gambling activities as long as they didn’t disrupt the tournaments.
This provided Abigail with the perfect environment to make a profit. Thus, her new round of harvesting commenced.
While Abigail busied herself with her schemes in the tournament venue, Dustin was not around. Rather than joining the crowd at Sacred Wrym Summit, he ventured alone to a secluded, unfamiliar location.
His decision was influenced by a letter he found slipped under his door that morning. The letter’s content was simple. It was a request for a private meeting.
Normally, Dustin would have dismissed such a request without much thought. However, this time was different.
The letter bore a peculiar mark-a distinct emblem of the Hall of Gods, West Lucozia’s archenemy.
Over the years, the Hall of Gods had been relentless in their efforts to sow discord and assassinate key figures within the palace. Their reason was to hinder Dragonmarsh’s development.
Dustin vividly recalled their audacious attempt to assassinate Rufus in Swinton, where they had even deployed the Four Gods and a God King.
Despite their failure on that occasion, the Hall of Gods persisted in their clandestine machinations. But their sudden appearance near Sacred Wrym Summit hinted at hidden agendas.
Dustin pondered why the Hall of Gods members sought him out before he had revealed his identity. To uncover the mystery, he reluctantly agreed to the meeting.
Following the instructions in the letter, he arrived at a private estate.
The sprawling mansion, adorned with opulent decorations, resembled a grand courtyard-style home, its imposing gates and intricate facade reflecting the wealth and influence of its owner.
He approached and rapped gently on the scarlet doors.
The door cracked open with a creak. A beautiful maid with an exotic air peered out, and she asked, “May I ask who you’re looking for?”
“I’ve been invited to a private meeting. “Dustin presented the emblem from the letter.
“Ah, a distinguished guest. Please, come in,” she said. She smiled as she swung the door wider and gestured for him to enter.
He nodded and entered without saying anything.
They walked through the garden and across a bridge adorned with faux rocks until they reached the entrance to the living room.
“Please wait here for a moment, sir. My master will join you shortly.” The maid offered a polite bow before excusing herself and leaving swiftly.
Dustin entered the living room and noticed it was already occupied by over a dozen individuals. The room was filled with men and women of diverse appearances that looked imposing.
It was clear that any of them could be an advanced-level divine martial artist, and some might even be grandmasters level.
“It appears I’m not the only one who received an invitation,” Dustin mused as he discreetly surveyed the room. He remained composed and chose to sit at the far end.
“Hey! Who the hell allowed you to sit there?”
Suddenly, a burly man with a thick beard rose abruptly. He slammed his hand onto the table and glared at Dustin menacingly.
###Chapter 2212 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?” Dustin was taken aback by the sudden outburst and felt a bit bewildered.
He glanced around the living room and noticed the intense glare from the burly man, Donny Zedd. Then, he asked tentatively, “Are you talking to me?”
“Who else would I be talking to?” Donny shot back.
He glared at Dustin and shouted, Don’t you have any manners? You waltz in here without so much as a ‘ hello’ and plop yourself down like you own the place. Do you have no respect for us?”
“Manners?” Dustin arched an eyebrow skeptically.
He replied icily, “Do we even know each other? Why should I bother with pleasantries? And even if I don’t hold you in high regard, what’s it to you?”
“Hey! Are you looking for trouble, kid?” Donny bristled with anger, ready to throw a punch, but was intercepted by a man in white, Lucian Whitman, with a sly grin.
“Easy there, don’t get all worked up. This kid just seems clueless about etiquette. Let’s show him the ropes. No need for violence, especially with the host around. We wouldn’t want to cause any awkwardness.”
Lucian motioned for Donny to take a seat, then turned his gaze to Dustin with a friendly smile.” You must be new around here. Let me fill you in on the customs.
“You know, in these circles, it’s customary to show a little respect to your elders. A nod, a greeting, nothing too demanding, right?”
Dustin responded calmly, “If you truly are martial world veterans, a simple greeting would suffice. But your actions lack the dignity one would expect. The way you intimidate others, one might mistake you for bandits.”
Lucian’s smile faltered at Dustin’s words, and a glint of annoyance flickered in his eyes.
Meanwhile, Donny slammed his hand on the table. He rose to his feet and roared, “You disrespectful bastard! Time to learn some manners the hard way!”
“If you don’t know how to show some basic respect, then you’re on your own. “Lucian shook his head and returned to his seat.
The others chuckled, and they were enjoying the spectacle.
In the past, a rookie had swaggered in, exuding the same cocky arrogance.
However, in the end, he was unceremoniously dragged out by his heels.
“I’d advise you to tread carefully. Otherwise, you’ll regret it,” Dustin warned.
He had intended to keep a low profile and observe if there were any conspiracies within the Hall of Gods. But as soon as he walked in, he encountered these troublemakers.
“Regret? Ha! I bet you won’t change your tune until you’re six feet under!”
Donny sneered, wasting no time as he lunged forward with a punch aimed straight at Dustin’s face.
The punch came fast and furious, and the air whistled with force. Dustin remained unfazed. He easily caught the incoming fist just before it could make contact with his face.
“Huh?” Donny’s eyes widened in surprise. Though he hadn’t gone all out just now, he had still put about 70 percent of his true energy into that punch.
Such a blow would have seriously injured most ordinary martial artists. Yet, Dustin effortlessly caught his fist, which struck him as rather strange.
“With such limited skill, you’re still bold enough to be so cocky. You really don’t know your own limitations.” Dustin snorted coldly.
With a sudden, forceful grip of his fingers, he twisted Donny’s fist, and all his bones were shattered.
“Ah!” Donny froze momentarily before releasing a blood-curdling scream that pierced the air.
“Get lost!” Dustin shouted and kicked him in the abdomen.
Donny was sent flying several yards. He crashed into the wall, coughing up blood and wailing in agony.
“What?”
Everyone’s expression changed as they witnessed this scene.
No one expected Dustin to be so formidable that he could send Donny flying with just one blow.
It was worth noting that Donny was at the advanced-level divine martial artist stage, which made him quite a prominent figure in the martial world.
“Punk! How dare you act so recklessly! Who gave you the courage to attack someone?”
After a moment of shock, everyone rose from their seats. Their expressions were filled with anger and resentment.
Although they didn’t have a deep bond with Donny, they were at least acquaintances.
Now, a newcomer who didn’t know his place dared to challenge their authority. It was something they couldn’t tolerate.
Dustin sneered. “When he attacked just now, you all turned a blind eye. Now that I’ve defeated him, you’re all here cursing and jumping around. What’s this? You only allow me to be beaten but not to fight back?”
His words angered them.
“Look at the way you talk! I think you need a lesson!”
“Everyone, let’s not waste any time. Let’s take this kid down!”
Several hot-tempered martial artists shouted and were ready to make a move.
“Hold on.”
At this moment, a dignified voice suddenly rang out. The speaker was an elderly man with a white beard seated at the head of the table on the left.
The elder was thin, had piercing eyes, and looked imposing. Just uttering two words made the previously hot- tempered martial artists immediately stop in their tracks.
They stood respectfully by the side without daring to utter another word. After calming everyone down, the elder picked up a cup and leisurely took a sip of tea.
He said lightly, “Young man, too much aggression can easily lead to downfall. Since you’re still young and inexperienced, I won’t hold it against you too much. Now, apologize to everyone, and we’ll let this matter slide.
###Chapter 2213 by Marina Vittori
“Elder Mason, you think an apology will cut it? Aren’t you letting this punk off too easy?”
“Yeah, just look at Donny. He’s coughing up blood. If we let this slide, what’ll happen to our reputation?”
“Elder Mason, this punk deserves punishment. Even if we spare his life, he shouldn’t escape justice. In my opinion, we should break his legs first!”
Everyone voiced their anger. Their eyes burned with hostility as they glared at Dustin.
“What’s wrong? Don’t my words mean anything to you?” The elder raised his head and glanced at everyone. His expression was calm yet commanding.
That single glance had the power to silence everyone present. It instilled fear in them that prevented anyone from expressing discontent.
After all, the elder was Garrett Mason, the infamous Cosmos Demons. He was a grandmaster martial artist, feared and renowned throughout the land.
He was known to be merciless, as he would wipe out entire families at the slightest provocation.
Just mentioning his name was enough to instill fear in the martial world. Hence, none dared to act out of turn when facing Garrett.
“Young man, what are you waiting for? Apologize now,” Garrett urged. His tone was plain but firm.
“Did I say I was going to apologize?” Dustin remained composed.
He added, “They were the ones who started it. I don’t see why I should apologize. If anyone owes an apology, it’s them to me.”
Dustin’s words sparked further outrage among the crowd.
How dare he strike first and then act like he was in the right? They would have taught him a lesson if Garrett wasn’t here.
“Hmm?” Garrett frowned slightly at Dustin’s response.
He appeared displeased. “Young man, I’m giving you a chance here. Without my intervention, you’d already be at their mercy. Think carefully now. Do you want to apologize?”
“I appreciate the offer, but I won’t be apologizing to them,” Dustin replied firmly.
“Hmph! Ignorant fool!” Garrett’s expression turned cold. “Since you’re so stubborn, I won’t interfere anymore. Let’s see how tough you are!”
With a nod to Lucian beside him, Garrett signaled his intent.
Lucian picked up on the subtle cue, and his expression shifted to one of aggression.
“You punk! Elder Mason tried to be civil, but you’re too arrogant to see that. Looks like you won’t learn until you’re put in your place!”
Lucian snapped his fingers. “Guys, teach him a lesson! Don’t stop until he begs for mercy!”
As soon as the command was given, several burly men exchanged glances and lunged forward with malicious grins.
They had been itching for an opportunity to put Dustin in his place, and now they wouldn’t hold back.
“You little punk! Today, I’m going to make sure you regret crossing us!”
“Arrogant kid! I’ll show you who’s boss around here!”
The men shouted as they simultaneously launched a barrage of punches and kicks directed at Dustin.
Having learned their lesson from Dustin’s fight with Donny, they knew better than to hold back. They unleashed their full force to end the fight quickly.
“What a bunch of clowns.” Dustin scoffed.
He stood firm as the punches and kicks came his way. In an instant, his body trembled, and a surge of true energy burst forth.
There was a loud blast as a powerful wave of energy erupted from his body and slammed into his assailants with tremendous force.
“Ah!”
The men cried out in pain as they were sent flying several yards away.
They crashed onto the ground and spat out blood as their faces drained of color. They couldn’t even muster the strength to stand.
“How can this be happening?” Lucian was taken aback, and his eyes widened in disbelief.
The other martial artists were equally dumbfounded. They couldn’t comprehend what they had just witnessed.
They had thought Donny had underestimated Dustin and held back, which was why he lost.
The men Dustin faced were at the same level as Donny. They hadn’t expected that they would be gravely injured by his counterattack.
It was unbelievable. They began to ponder how strong Dustin was.
“Huh?” Even Garrett, a grandmaster martial artist, raised an eyebrow in surprise.
Dustin must be at least halfway to the grandmaster level to take down several advanced-level fighters with just one move. And considering Dustin’s young age, likely in his 20s, his potential seemed limitless.
Garrett finally understood that Dustin had the skills to back up his confidence.
“Anyone else feeling lucky?” Dustin stood confidently with his hands behind his back.
His gaze was cool and commanding. He knew he could assert his dominance against these opponents to keep them in line. If he didn’t, they’d just keep coming at him.
“Elder Mason?”
After a moment of disbelief, Lucian turned to Garrett for assistance.
Dustin’s strength had far surpassed Garrett’s expectations. He wouldn’t even fancy his chances of a fight against Dustin now. Only a grandmaster -level martial artist could hope to subdue Dustin.
###Chapter 2214 by Marina Vittori
“Kid, you’ve certainly surprised me with your skills,” Garrett admitted as he stood up slowly.
He continued, “But that doesn’t justify your boldness in my presence with your limited skills.” As he spoke, an imposing energy surged from within him.
The martial artists felt the air grow heavy, and each breath became a struggle.
“This grandmaster’s strength is no laughing matter! Is this what Elder Mason is capable of?”
They couldn’t help feeling a mix of awe and apprehension. Just a mere display of power had them rooted in place. After all, that was the might of a grandmaster martial artist.
Despite the tension in the air, Dustin stayed composed. His eyes locked on Garrett’s with unwavering resolve.
“You’ve got talent, kid.” Garrett stood with his hands clasped behind his back.
He added arrogantly, “I’m willing to offer you another chance. I’ll let this incident slide if you swallow your pride and apologize. I might even make an exception and take you under my wing.
“What? Take him as a disciple?”
The others exchanged bewildered glances.
“How on earth did this kid manage to impress Elder Mason?”
“With Elder Mason as his mentor, this kid might start acting like he’s above everyone else in the martial world.”
“Too bad I didn’t luck into that golden opportunity.”
Murmurs filled the room. It was thick with envy and bitterness as everyone looked at Dustin.
Garrett Mason was one of the infamous Cosmos Demons and a grandmaster martial artist with unrivaled strength. His name commanded respect and fear in the martial world.
He had strict standards when it came to taking on disciples. Unexpectedly, he made a rare exception and offered to mentor an inexperienced kid like Dustin.
“What are you waiting for, kid? Elder Mason’s offering to take you as his disciple is a rare opportunity. Don’t just stand there. Show him your gratitude now,” Lucian reminded Dustin.
Though Garrett’s decision irked him, he dared not oppose it.
“Let me clarify two things,” Dustin said calmly. “Firstly, I haven’t done anything wrong, so apologizing is out of the question. And secondly, I have absolutely no interest in becoming anyone’s disciple.”
“Huh?” Garrett’s frown deepened, and his expression turned grim.
He had been sought after as a mentor for years but had never actively offered mentorship before. But when he finally extended the offer, he never expected Dustin to reject it.
Naturally, Garrett felt irked by the unexpected refusal.
“Kid, do you have any idea what you’re saying? Being chosen by Elder Mason is like hitting the jackpot. I didn’t expect you to be so ungrateful.”
“Exactly! Getting the chance to be Elder Mason’s disciple is something people would kill for. Who do you think you are to refuse it?”
“Geez! You’re sitting on a goldmine and don’t even realize it!”
Seeing Garrett’s displeasure, the others burst into angry reproaches. Their expressions twisted with a sense of righteous indignation.
A grandmaster had extended the offer to take on a disciple, but it was turned down in front of everyone. If word of this got out, it would undoubtedly become a subject of mockery.
Garrett began, “Do you have any idea who I am? People come to me all the time and beg to be my disciple, like I’m a God. But I’ve never taken them seriously.
“Now, I’m offering you a chance to rise above the rest, but you’re pushing it away. So, let me ask you one last time. Do you want to be my disciple?”
His tone turned serious, and he gazed sharply at Dustin. As he spoke, the pressure emanating from him suddenly intensified.
The people nearby felt like they had been hit by lightning. Sweat dripped down their faces as they struggled to catch their breath. Some, with weaker constitutions, trembled with fear.
The power of a grandmaster could cause havoc within arm’s reach. Just the weight of this imposing presence was chilling.
“Whether others choose to be your disciple is up to them. But I have no interest in being one,” Dustin replied firmly.
“Fine! You’ve gone too far now!” Garrett’s expression darkened, and his eyes flashed with anger.
He continued, “You’ve turned to violence today, and I was willing to overlook it. But your lack of gratitude and repeated refusals have changed my mind. Don’t blame me for showing you some tough love!”
Then, he stomped the ground with force. It caused cracks to spiderweb out across the floor. Simultaneously, a surge of powerful internal energy erupted from within him.
The force threw those nearby off balance. Some were sent flying, and their wailing echoed in the air.
When Garrett’s internal energy collided with Dustin, it was deflected by an unseen force. Hence, Dustin was protected from harm.
“Elder Mason, I’d advise against getting physical. Let’s not escalate things unnecessarily. It wouldn’t reflect well on you,” Dustin warned calmly.
He preferred to keep the situation from spiraling out of control. But if Garrett insisted on confrontation, Dustin was ready to stand his ground.
“Arrogant brat! I’ll teach you some manners!” Enraged by Dustin’s defiance, Garrett unleashed his internal energy and struck Dustin from above.
###Chapter 2215 by Marina Vittori
Garrett struck his palm toward Dustin. A thunderous crash echoed through the room, changing the surrounding area.
A white shadow palm surged forward with the force of lightning and pressed on Dustin. Accompanied by the fierce howling wind, everything seemed to warp as it tore through the air.
Everyone in the room turned pale with fear. They scattered in all directions to avoid being caught in the chaos. After all, the sheer power of a grandmaster martial artist was enough to kill them with a single blow.
Despite Garrett’s attack, Dustin didn’t flinch. His expression remained composed. But as he prepared to retaliate, a commanding shout interrupted.
“Stop!”
Suddenly, another burst of internal energy materialized into a shadow palm as it shot from the doorway. It narrowly missed Dustin before colliding with Garrett’s shadow palm.
The impact echoed with a loud crash, unleashing a torrent of terrifying energy. The living room quaked violently as the furniture splintered and drinks splashed over.
The martial artists around were thrown about like rag dolls in a storm. They crashed and tumbled helplessly.
The impact knocked Garrett back several steps, and his expression turned sour. “Who dares?” He frowned as he gazed toward the doorway.
Soon, a refined middle-aged man entered. He was dressed in a sleek black suit with gold-rimmed glasses.
“Elder Mason,” the middle-aged man greeted with a faint smile.
He continued, “We’ve all journeyed a long way to gather here today, and everyone in this room is an acquaintance. Let’s not let a minor
issue escalate into something more.”
Despite his unassuming demeanor, he exuded an air of mystery.
“And you are?” Garrett’s eyes narrowed as he scrutinized the middle-aged man.
The fact that the man had countered his strike suggested he, too, was a grandmaster martial artist. However, Garrett couldn’t recall ever encountering him before.
“I’m Hank Styles, a member of the Hall of Gods,” the middle-aged man introduced himself. “Today, I’ve gathered everyone to discuss matters of importance.”
“Hank Styles?”
Everyone exchanged confused glances as the name was unfamiliar to them.
“I’m the newly appointed god of the Hall of Gods. I’ve only taken up the position a few months ago, so it’s understandable if you haven’t heard of me yet,” Hank said, displaying his identity badge to them.
“It’s been a while since I’ve encountered the elites of the Hall of Gods. You certainly live up to their reputation.” Garrett’s expression softened as he acknowledged Hank’s identity.
He wasn’t surprised that Hank had been able to go toe-to-toe with him earlier, considering that all members of the Hall of Gods were grandmasters.
“Oh, it’s you, Mr. Styles. My apologies for the oversight.” Lucian led the group of martial artists and greeted him respectfully.
In the esteemed Hall of Gods, the god was revered above all others. Their power and authority were unquestionable. They could determine anyone’s fate with a single word.
“Elder Mason, everyone gathered here are my esteemed guests. The incident earlier was just a minor misunderstanding.
“How about we extend some grace to each other and turn things around for the better?” Hank suggested with a smile.
“Since you have spoken, I won’t argue with this kid.” Garrett shot a wary glance at Dustin. His expression was cautious but controlled.
After all, the purpose of their gathering was for business discussions. Allowing temporary anger to spoil their opportunities would be unwise.
“Thank you, Elder Mason.” Hank nodded appreciatively before casting a meaningful glance at Dustin.
He realized that staying composed during an assault from a grandmaster martial artist was quite impressive. So, he surmised that Dustin was no ordinary guy.
“Mr. Styles, now that everyone is here, can we get down to business?” Garrett got straight to the point without much preamble.
“Elder Mason, one more guest hasn’t shown up yet. Please bear with us for a moment.” Then, Hank clapped his hands.
Soon, a group of maids swiftly entered with trays of assorted fruits and snacks. Even the damaged furniture was also replaced.
“Okay, we’ll wait.” Garrett didn’t say much and took his seat.
The rest followed suit, and they ate the snacks and fruits. Despite the outward calm, occasional glances toward Dustin were filled with hatred.
On the contrary, Dustin calmly sipped his tea. He was unperturbed by the occasional hostile glances thrown his way.
As time passed, anticipation turned into impatience. What was expected to be a short wait had stretched into midday.
Whispers of discontent circulated throughout the room. Even Garrett, known for his composure, couldn’t hide his irritation.
As Garrett finished yet another pot of tea, his frustration boiled over. “Mr. Styles, your guest’s tardiness is beyond rude. It’s already midday, and he’s still nowhere to be seen. It’s obvious he thinks little of us.”
Hank looked embarrassed and forced a smile. “Please, let’s stay calm. The guest may have encountered delays. We’ll wait a bit longer. In the meantime, help yourselves with another round of tea.”
“Another round of tea? I’ve already downed three pots! Any more, and I’ll be fit to burst!” Garrett’s frustration boiled over as he slammed his hand onto the table.
He couldn’t believe the nerve of their tardy guest. The sheer audacity was more than enough to fuel his temper.
###Chapter 2216 by Marina Vittori
When Garrett slammed his hand on the table, the other martial artists stood up and expressed frustration.
“Mr. Styles, you know there’s a code in the martial world. We can tolerate waiting, but leaving Elder Mason waiting like this? That’s downright disrespectful.”
“You’re right! It doesn’t matter who they are since nobody should keep us waiting like this!”
“Mr. Styles, this guest’s behavior is completely unacceptable. We should just show him the door!”
The room was filled with frustration and anger.
Garrett’s remarks ignited a spark while they had shown patience out of deference to the Hall of Gods. The other martial artists wasted no time in releasing their bottled-up frustration.
“It’s not about disrespecting you, but it’s evident that this guest lacks respect for the Hall of Gods,” Garret said.
He emphasized, “He has kept us waiting well beyond the agreed-upon time. Such arrogance shouldn’t be tolerated.”
“Elder Mason and esteemed guests, I apologize for mishandling this matter. As a token of apology, I’ve prepared a gift for everyone.” Hank knew explanations were futile, so he ordered his subordinates to present the prepared gifts.
A stunning array of treasures and rare artifacts were unveiled before the eager crowd.
Their eyes lit up with excitement as they gazed upon the dazzling display. Surprisingly, their earlier frustration seemed to vanish in an instant.
Driven by the desire for wealth, the prospect of acquiring a valuable treasure after just a brief wait was incredibly enticing.
“Looks like the Hall of Gods knows how to impress. I could live off this treasure alone for years!”
“And check out this crimson opal bracelet-it’s one-of-a-kind! You won’t find anything like it anywhere else,” another added with awe.
“No doubt about it. Today’s trip was totally worth it, even with the wait.”
They whispered excitedly among themselves.
Rumor had it that the Hall of Gods was a place of immense wealth, akin to a kingdom in its luxury. After experiencing it firsthand, it was evident that the tales weren’t mere exaggerations.
Contemplating the prospect of working for such an institution in the future, one couldn’t help but imagine the abundance of wealth that could await.
Garrett couldn’t help but clear his throat when he sensed some overexcitement among the group. It was important to remind them that while the treasure mattered, maintaining their dignity was crucial.
After all, swinging from righteous indignation to cheerful smiles in the blink of an eye would be quite the spectacle if word got out.
Garrett’s cough sobered the group, and their expressions turned serious again. However, the greed in their eyes as they eyed the treasure betrayed their intentions.
“Mr. Styles, we’re grateful for your offer, but I must emphasize the importance of maintaining boundaries.
Welcoming someone who lacks a sense of punctuality into our group purely for short-term gains would only invite chaos.”
Garrett maintained his serious tone despite his softened demeanor.
“Your advice is duly noted. Allow us another half an hour. If our tardy guest fails to appear by then, we’ll proceed with our plans as intended. Is that acceptable?” Hank smiled politely.
“Okay. We’ll wait another half hour out of respect for you,” Garrett asserted firmly. Considering Hank’s generosity with the treasure, he felt it was only fair to extend courtesy.
A lazy voice drifted in from outside as the room fell into a tense silence.
“Here’s to life’s fleeting moments amidst yesterday’s abundant troubles. How to find peace? With nothing but the comforting touch of classic wine.”
Accompanying the voice was a disheveled figure. He reeked of alcohol as he stumbled into the room with a bottle of wine.
“Who let this drunkard in? Kick him out!”
The foul odor from the drunkard wrinkled noses across the room. It prompted Lucian to voice his disdain with a sharp command.
The drunkard hesitated briefly upon hearing that. Then, he staggered toward Lucian and took a swig from his bottle.
With a mouthful of yellowed teeth, he let out a thunderous belch. He sprayed a toxic mixture of alcohol and saliva directly at Lucian.
In an instant, the overwhelming stench filled the room.
Lucian inadvertently took a breath just as the foul odor engulfed him. His face turned an unsettling shade of green, and he nearly keeled over from the sheer revulsion.
His revulsion overwhelmed him as he gagged uncontrollably and doubled over in disgust.
With a boisterous laugh, the drunkard found the situation highly amusing.
“Fuck you! Go to hell!” Unable to contain his rage, Lucian unleashed a furious punch straight at the drunkard’s face.
He threw his punch with unbridled force, and its intensity was unmatched. The sheer power behind his fist created a thunderous roar as it tore through the air, infused with Divine Aura.
“Wait!” Hank tried to step in, but it was too late.
Lucian’s blow landed squarely on the drunkard’s face with a resounding thud.
The room exploded into pandemonium as the drunkard, seemingly unaffected, stood his ground.
Lucian was sent flying several yards backward, propelled by an unseen force before crashing heavily into the wall. Blood poured from his mouth as he writhed in agony.
Everyone watched in shocked silence as the events unfolded.
###Chapter 2217 by Marina Vittori
The room fell into a sudden hush like time had frozen. Everyone’s eyes widened in disbelief at the sight before them.
First, they glanced at Lucian, who was seriously injured and spewing blood. Then, their attention shifted to the drunken man swaying unsteadily.
Confusion clouded their minds. They had witnessed Lucian delivering a decisive blow directly to the drunkard’s face.
Yet, why was the drunkard unharmed while Lucian suffered serious injuries?
“What the heck just happened? How did Lucian get tossed like that?”
“It… it must be the drunkard’s protective armor energy! Thunderbolt Fist’s punch went smack into that armor!”
“Protection armor energy? Wait, could this beggar be a grandmaster martial artist?”
After a brief moment of silence, the room exploded into chaos.
No one could have predicted that this disheveled, stinking drunkard would be a formidable adversary.
Lucian, alias Thunderbolt Fist, was a legend in the martial world. He was renowned for his bone-crushing blows, which could exert tens of thousands of pounds of force.
To endure one of his strikes without a scratch or counter with such ferocity attack required the skill of a grandmaster martial artist or higher.
“Who do you think you are? How dare you cause such mayhem here!”
Garrett’s expression darkened as he beheld Lucian’s grievous injuries.
“Haha… Excellent wine!” The drunkard chuckled. He was oblivious to Garrett’s presence and continued to sip his drink as if nothing had occurred.
“Hey, I’m talking to you! Are you listening?” Garrett channeled his grandmaster-level internal energy to amplify his voice.
In a flash, the entire room resounded with a thunderous boom. Ears rang, heads spun, and the less experienced martial artists hurried to cover their ears from the piercing noise.
The drunkard burped. He stirred slightly at Garrett’s outburst. His tired eyes reluctantly opened as he pointed to himself. “Are you talking to me?”
“Of course! Who else would I be talking to?” Garrett nearly lost his composure and raised his voice again.
He noticed that the filthy beggar, with his tattered appearance and revolting stench, had completely ignored him.
“Why are you shouting like that? I’m not deaf.” The drunkard scratched his ear lazily. “Oh, what were you saying just now?”
“I-”
Garrett began, but the drunkard waved him off. “Forget it. Don’t bother me while I enjoy my drink.”
With that dismissal, the drunkard settled into the seat. He nonchalantly resumed his drinking and was seemingly unfazed by Garrett’s presence.
Garrett’s eyes narrowed in anger, and his fists clenched tightly in fury. No one had dared to treat him disdainfully since he gained fame.
Even the highest ranks at the Hall of Gods showed him deference when they encountered him.
Yet, the ragged beggar blatantly disrespected him, treating him as if he was invisible. It infuriated him.
“Filthy beggar! You’re going to regret crossing me!” Garrett exploded as his patience wore thin.
In one swift motion, he thrust his hand toward the drunkard’s head and unleashed his internal energy.
A loud boom echoed through the air. Then, a colossal white shadow palm descended upon the drunkard like a mountain.
Instantly, the air warped, and the ground quaked. Before the shadow palm even landed, everyone felt their breath catch, as if there was a boulder sitting on their chests.
“Oh my god! What intense pressure! Elder Mason must be seriously ticked off!”
“Why did this beggar mess with Elder Mason? He’s toast now!”
“Hmph! This arrogant fool deserves whatever’s coming to him!”
As Garrett unleashed his fury, the others were stunned yet secretly pleased.
After all, the unknown drunkard, with his audacity and impressive strength, had utterly disregarded them.
Wouldn’t it set a dangerous precedent if his behavior went unchecked?
While Garrett launched his attack, the drunkard remained unperturbed. He calmly sipped his wine as though he were indifferent to the situation.
It wasn’t until Garrett’s strike was inches from his head that the drunkard finally reacted. He retaliated with a powerful blow.
A thunderous boom echoed through the room as Garrett’s attack was met with unexpected resistance. His palm shadow shattered instantly, sending shockwaves rippling through the air.
Nearby martial artists were sent flying like leaves in the wind. They crashed to the ground with cries of pain.
Even Garrett, a grandmaster martial artist, was knocked back several steps. His expression was a mixture of surprise and frustration.
Meanwhile, the drunkard who had been attacked remained unperturbed and continued with his drink. He was unfazed and sat there as though he were an outsider observing the chaos around him.
“He’s unscathed? How is that even possible?”
“To withstand a blow from a grandmaster and walk away unscathed Just who is this beggar?”
“Looks can be deceiving. I never would’ve guessed a beggar could pack such a punch.”
Everyone observed in disbelief and astonishment as the extraordinary scene unfolded before them.
###Chapter 2218 by Marina Vittori
“Who the hell are you? Tell us your name!” Garrett’s face tensed as he frowned.
Despite his attack, the beggar remained unruffled and composed. Not only did the beggar’s counterattack neutralize Garrett’s strike, but it also sent him stumbling back.
Garrett realized the beggar’s skill surpassed his. It was hard for him to fathom how someone so unassuming could wield such power.
“Ah… excellent wine!” The drunkard remained indifferent to Garrett’s question and fully engrossed in his drink.
Sensing Garrett’s mounting frustration, Hank stepped in. “Let’s not get worked up, gentlemen.”
He stood between the two parties with a smile. “You know what they say about a friendly spar can break the ice. After our little tussle earlier, I bet we all better understand each other now. Allow me to make the introductions.”
With a gesture toward the drunkard, he said, “This gentleman here is the esteemed Mr. Willard Lent. He is also known as the Wein Sage. I’m sure many of you are familiar with his reputation.”
“Wait! He is Willard Lent, the Wein Sage?”
The others couldn’t hide their surprise.
Willard was a well-known figure in the martial world. Rumors abound of his insatiable love for wine and his indifference to fame, fortune, and power. Yet, his martial prowess was unrivaled.
He was ranked at the forefront among grandmaster martial artists.
Willard was infamous for his elusive behavior. It was characterized by movements akin to a phantom marked by unmatched stealth and agility.
Numerous attempts to locate him had proven futile. Hence, stumbling upon him at today’s gathering was quite unexpected.
The individual before them bore little resemblance to the esteemed figure they had envisioned. After all, he looked like a beggar.
If not for his display of formidable power against Garrett earlier, they might not have believed that this ragged beggar was indeed the famed Wein Sage.
“Mr. Styles, are you sure he’s the Wein Sage?” Garrett’s frown deepened as he eyed Willard with suspicion.
Garrett was familiar with the reputation of the Wein Sage. He knew that on the grandmaster rankings, the Wein Sage’s position surpassed even that of the Cosmos Demon.
He couldn’t comprehend why someone of such high stature appeared as destitute as a beggar.
“Elder Mason, you’ve just sparred with Mr. Lent. What do you think?”
With a smile, Hank added, “You can try to assume a role, but genuine strength always reveals itself. If it weren’t Mr. Lent, with his legendary reputation as the Wein Sage, who else could stand on par with you?”
His words were tactful. He subtly boosted Garrett’s ego and diffused any tension between them.
As Hank’s praise lifted Garrett’s spirits, he asked, “So, is Willard the one we’ve been expecting?”
“Yes,” Hank confirmed with a nod. ” Wein Sage enjoys his drink. He likely got sidetracked on his way here. Elder Mason, I’m sorry for his tardiness.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Garrett replied casually. “Mr. Lent is a big shot. A little tardiness won’t ruffle any feathers.”
Despite feeling annoyed by Willard’s behavior, Garrett refrained from confronting him due to the man’s strength.
After their recent bout, Garrett clearly understood Willard’s capabilities. He knew he wouldn’t stand a chance against Willard in a one-on-one fight.
It would require both Cosmos Demons to join forces to suppress him effectively.
However, Monde Liam, Garrett’s wife, was still on her way and couldn’t join them immediately. Therefore, he had to be patient for the time being.
“Mr. Styles, now that everyone is here, how about we get down to business?” Dustin, who had been quietly observing, finally spoke up.
He wasn’t particularly interested in the martial world’s conflicts among these individuals. But his primary concern was uncovering any schemes from the Hall of Gods.
“Sure.”
Hank smiled and adjusted his glasses. ” Each of you is a top-tier martial artist, respected and valued by the Hall of Gods. Your skills are impressive, and that’s exactly why we’ve approached you.
“Our goal is collaboration, and if you lend your aid to the Hall of Gods, we’ll make sure you’re well-rewarded.”
“Oh? And what kind of collaboration are you referring to, Mr. Styles?” Garrett raised an eyebrow.
“We’ve heard rumors of valuable treasures emerging in the forbidden ground of Sacred Wrym Summit. We are intrigued and seek the help of skilled individuals like yourselves to explore and uncover these treasures,” Hank explained plainly.
Upon hearing this, the martial artists frowned and looked uneasy. They were hesitant to speak.
They knew that venturing into the forbidden ground of Sacred Wrym Summit was like walking into a lion’s den. One wrong move, and they might not make it out alive.
“Mr. Styles, you must understand the immense danger of Sacred Wrym Summit. It’s not something we can take lightly. This business proposition might be too risky for us,” Garrett said seriously.
“Exactly, Mr. Styles. Sacred Wrym Summit is too powerful for us to meddle with. We may have to pass on this opportunity,” another agreed.
“Yes, Mr. Styles. We’re willing to help with information gathering, but venturing into the forbidden ground of Sacred Wrym Summit is too much of a gamble,” added a third.
Upon hearing that, the martial artists collectively shook their heads. While they were no strangers to danger, it didn’t mean they were eager to court it.
They might tolerate risks for the right price in ordinary circumstances. But the forbidden ground of Sacred Wrym Summit was a whole different story.
It was shrouded in mystery and peril, where even the most skilled martial artists hesitated to venture.
Whether divine masters or grandmaster master artists, they knew better than to provoke the Ancient Sage of Sacred Wrym Summit, who commanded unparalleled respect in the martial world.
Getting involved in any dubious dealings under the watchful eye of such a formidable presence would be nothing short of inviting disaster.
###Chapter 2219 by Marina Vittori
Hank remained unperturbed when confronted with everyone’s apprehension. It was as if he had foreseen their anxieties.
Despite his affiliation with the Hall of Gods, his upbringing in Dragonmarsh had endowed him with a profound understanding of the strength of Sacred Wrym Summit.
Even the most renowned elites wouldn’t dare to challenge the Sacred Wrym Summit.
Hank reassured, “Fear not, everyone.”
Then, he gestured for silence and waited until the room fell quiet before continuing, “I understand your worries. But rest assured, we won’t send you into danger unprepared.
“Even if we venture into the forbidden ground of Sacred Wrym Summit, we’ll take all necessary precautions to minimize risks.”
“Mr. Styles, what’s the Hall of Gods’ plan? It’s better to be straight with us so we know where we stand,” Garrett asked.
“Yeah, let’s have some transparency here. We need to know what we’re getting into,” the others chimed in.
They weren’t eager to be sacrificial lambs and charged mindlessly into the danger of Sacred Wrym Summit’s forbidden ground. Hence, they needed assurance of a solid plan for their safety before committing to anything.
Hank said, “Alright, I’ll explain it to you.” He paused briefly before saying, ” You all know the Combat Tournament at the Sacred Wrym Summit, right?
“They had all hands on deck for security, which left many spots wide open. They’re practically deserted at the back mountain. So, sneaking in at night should be doable without raising any alarms.”
“Is that your plan? Sounds a bit risky, doesn’t it?” Garrett raised an eyebrow, looking skeptical.
Even with the distraction of the Combat Tournament, he knew there were probably many elites patrolling Sacred Wrym Summit’s back mountains. Sneaking in carelessly risked tipping them off, and if they got caught, it would be the end for them.
Hank replied, “Elder Mason, there’s no need to rush. What I’ve outlined is just the first step.”
He smiled and continued, “Once we approach the forbidden ground of Sacred Wrym Summit, we’ll have additional teams to create diversions.
“When the time is right, these teams will set fires across the mountain. This will draw their elites’ attention away.
“That’s when we seize the moment to infiltrate the forbidden ground and uncover the rare treasures. In simpler terms, it’s a strategy known as ‘smoke and mirrors.””
“Smoke and mirrors?”
The martial artists pondered and were intrigued by the plan’s ingenuity. It sounded promising to them.
By employing multiple teams to set fires and diverting the Sacred Wrym Summit’s elite, they could minimize the risks associated with their mission.
Garrett asked again, “Mr. Styles, the plan sounds promising. However, troubling rumors about the dangers within Sacred Wrym Summit’s forbidden ground are circulating.
“Word has it there’s a mysterious, enigmatic fighter who calls it home year-round. Facing this individual alone would be no small feat.
“And then there’s the matter of hunting down rare treasures. We might be biting off more than we can chew.”
Hank’s strategy could draw the focus away from most elites at the Sacred Wrym Summit. But confronting the enigmatic fighter within the forbidden ground posed a significant challenge.
Plus, with the mission of uncovering rare treasures, the task grew even more daunting.
“Elder Mason, you can count on the Hall of Gods to have your back,” Hank reassured.
He added, “We’ve gathered a team of heroes beyond those here today.
Unfortunately, we can’t disclose their identities for security reasons. But trust me, they’ll be there to lend a hand if you run into trouble!”
The tension in the crowd eased upon hearing that.
The Hall of Gods seemed well-prepared and hadn’t placed all their hopes solely on them. Instead, they had organized several treasure-hunting teams.
It lessened the pressure on them significantly.
With the Hall of Gods taking care of arrangements, joining one of the treasure-hunting teams sounded sensible. The only concern now was what the Hall of Gods offered in return.
After all, trespassing into the forbidden ground of Sacred Wrym Summit posed a constant risk to their lives. They would need to reconsider if the rewards didn’t outweigh the risks.
“Mr. Styles, it’s not that I’m unwilling to help, but…” Garrett hesitated. His hand absentmindedly stroked his beard with a troubled expression.
Seeing his hesitation, Hank quickly clapped his hands.
Soon, a group of maids entered carrying chests of various sizes. With a nod from him, the maids began unveiling the treasures in each chest.
Suddenly, the room became a dazzling spectacle of riches that captivated everyone.
The martial artists were awestruck as they beheld the treasures before them. Their eyes sparkled with excitement, and their breath quickened with anticipation.
Each rare and valuable item elicited a flicker of greed across their faces. It was unlike anything they had seen, leaving them utterly mesmerized.
“We won’t let your efforts go unrewarded,” Hank said with a smile. ” If you agree to help, all these treasures will be yours.”
Indeed, few could resist the allure of such wealth, and it seemed that everyone had their price.
“The Hall of Gods certainly doesn’t hold back regarding rewards!”
“This is beyond incredible!”
“We’re honored to serve the Hall of Gods, Count us in!”
After a moment of awe, the martial artists eagerly accepted. With riches like these on offer, they were willing to face any danger, even the forbidden ground of Sacred Wrym Summit.
###Chapter 2220 by Marina Vittori
“Elder Mason, what do you think?” Hank turned to Garrett as the tension eased.
“If the Hall of Gods is extending such sincerity, it would be impolite of us to refuse,” Garrett replied with a smile.
With all these rare treasures being presented, they couldn’t possibly refuse such an offer. They knew completing the mission would set them up for a comfortable retirement.
Though risky, the potential rewards made it a gamble worth taking. Besides, they would be an unstoppable force with the Cosmos Demons on their side.
After all, they never backed down from danger, even when faced with the toughest challenges.
“Elder Mason, your decisiveness is admirable.” Hank smiled and turned to Willard. “Mr. Lent, what about you?”
“As long as there’s good booze, then we’ve got a deal,” Willard slurred with drunken cheer.
“Perfect! Then, it’s settled.” Hank perked up with a bright smile.
“Wait! I’ve got a question.” Dustin, who had been observing quietly, spoke up.
“Oh? What’s on your mind?” Hank raised a curious eyebrow.
He brought Dustin on board due to his clean record and remarkable skills.
After seeing Dustin defeat Marco previously, Hank suspected him to be a grandmaster martial artist. Someone so young and skilled was definitely worth recruiting.
“Mr. Styles, you’ve tasked us with finding treasure. But we’re in the dark about what exactly we’re after. Can you give us some insight? It would ease our minds,” Dustin said calmly.
The others nodded in agreement. Their initial excitement had blinded them to this crucial detail.
The meticulous planning of the Hall of Gods raised questions about the purpose behind venturing into the forbidden grounds of the Sacred Wrym Summit.
“I must admit that even I’m unsure of what treasure we’re seeking,” Hank confessed and shook his head.
“What? You’re clueless, too?” Garrett was shocked by the revelation.
Tasking them to search for treasure without knowing what they were looking for seemed like a fool’s errand.
“I must confess that the God King organized this treasure hunt. I’m simply following orders, and the details are unclear to me.” Hank shrugged helplessly.
“What? The God King is involved?”
“Goodness! Do we really need all this grandeur?”
“It seems the Hall of Gods is dead set on this mission!”
The martial artists exchanged murmurs and were astonished by the revelation.
Four God Kings governed the Hall of Gods. Each of them commanded immense power, much like the Celestial Alliance’s guildmaster.
Their direct involvement in the quest for the treasure hinted at its profound significance.
“Mr. Styles, this mission won’t be a walk in the park.” Garrett frowned and hesitated again.
The God King’s involvement underscored the seriousness of the situation. In the presence of a figure of such stature, they were merely insignificant.
Garrett doubted if they were being treated merely as expendable bait.
“Elder Mason, don’t worry,” Hank assured him upon sensing his concern.
He smiled and added, “While the God King has devised the plan, he won’t be directly involved. He’s just keeping an eye on things from the sidelines.
“With him watching over everything, I’m sure the plan will work out fine. As for why he hasn’t disclosed everything, it’s likely to maintain secrecy and prevent leaks.
“So, no need to worry too much. I’ll be right there with you on the mission. If anything goes south, I’ll step in and make sure you’re all safe.”
Garrett and the others breathed a collective sigh of relief at Hank’s reassurance. It seemed their concerns had been unnecessary, given Hank’s sincerity.
“With your reassurance, we’re all in. Just give us the word when you need our help later.” Garrett patted his chest.
“Exactly! We’ve accepted the Hall of Gods’ payment, so we’ll do our best to fulfill our end of the deal!”
“Even if it means going all out, we’re committed to uncovering that treasure for the Hall of Gods!”
The martial artists voiced their agreement. They were prepared to confront whatever challenges awaited them.
“You’re all honorable heroes, and I have full faith in each of you.” Hank smiled before turning to Dustin. “Any lingering doubts or questions? Feel free to speak up.”
Dustin seized the opportunity and said, “Now that you mention it, I do have a question.”
“Huh?” Hank’s expression tensed. His words had been mere pleasantries, but he was caught off guard when Dustin took them to heart.
“Hey, kid! What’s with all this nonsense?” Garrett slammed his hand on the table and was visibly annoyed.
“Hmph! We haven’t even started yet, and you’re already causing a fuss. You really don’t know when to quit, do you?
The other martial artists sneered, and their faces twisted with disdain.
“Don’t worry. If you have any questions, don’t hesitate to ask. I’ll try my best to answer all your doubts,” Hank said with a faint smile. He tried to maintain a polite demeanor.
“You mentioned earlier that the God King of the Hall of Gods has arrived. I’m curious, which God King is it this time?” Dustin asked.
The Hall of Gods had already lost one God King. So, who would dare to come to Sacred Wrym Summit now?
###Chapter 2221 by Marina Vittori
“I’m sorry. I can’t answer that question because I don’t know, either.” Hank shook his head. He was already breaking the rules by telling them about the God King’s involvement.
Furthermore, disclosing the God King’s identity or whereabouts was out of the question.
In Dragonmarsh, even someone as powerful as the God King had to tread carefully. Any hint of their whereabouts, followed by an ambush from elites, would spell disaster.
“No problem. It’s just a random question out of curiosity.” Dustin simply shrugged it off with a faint smile.
“If there aren’t any questions, how about we break for lunch? I’ve arranged a feast, and we can continue our conversation over food.” Hank extended an invitation with a neutral expression.
“Sure.” Dustin nodded.
“Let’s go, everyone!” Hank called out before leading the group to the dining hall.
Everyone was famished after waiting all morning. They immediately indulged in the feast laid out before them.
Once they were full, Hank organized various entertainment to keep everyone occupied. Yet, he kept the mission timing vague and advised them all to stay on standby.
Dustin understood it was a precaution by the Hall of Gods against leaks.
After lunch, he came up with an excuse and left. He deemed the visit quite fruitful.
He had discovered the Hall of Gods’ plan to infiltrate Sacred Wrym Summit’s forbidden ground and became a spy in the process. He was prepared to adapt to unforeseen circumstances.
He also knew he couldn’t take on the entire Hall of Gods team by himself. But he was ready to alert Sacred Wrym Summit if necessary and stopped the Hall of Gods’ scheme.
Back at the tavern, Dustin was surprised to see someone inside. It was a woman with a pretty face but a strange presence.
“You’re finally here?” he exclaimed in surprise.
As he assessed her appearance, he soon recognized who it was.
It was Grace, but she seemed different. She had changed her appearance again and assumed a different guise. If it weren’t for his keen insight, he might not have recognized her.
“Oh? You figured it out fast? I was hoping to tease you a bit,” she said with a faint smile. Then, she poured two cups of tea.
“Your appearance might change, but your vibe doesn’t. Unless you can hide it, I can always tell.”
Dustin sat down and took a sip of tea. ” So, how did it go? Are you finished with the task? Does the progress look promising?”
Grace smiled and replied, “Despite a few setbacks, everything’s been sorted out. The timing couldn’t be better, and I won’t miss the Combat Tournament.”
“Oh! What about that assassin I sent you? Is the beast transformation natural, or is it the result of elixirs?” he asked.
Predator’s beast transformation ability was unnerving. It directly broke through three levels from a grandmaster martial artist to reach the level of an ultimate grandmaster.
Even for someone as knowledgeable as Dustin, encountering such an anomaly was unprecedented.
“It’s still being analyzed, and I’m not certain of the details yet. But rest assured, I’ll keep you updated,” Grace assured him.
Equipped with a detailed report of that night’s events, she promptly assembled a team of experts for a thorough investigation.
If Predator’s beast transformation ability could be cultivated, it would be a groundbreaking discovery.
Moreover, if every soldier on the battlefield could access beast transformation through elixirs, it would lead to a massacre with one side dominating completely.
“This assassin is extremely valuable, and you have to keep an eye on him. It would be a huge loss if he had been rescued by others,” he reminded.
“Don’t worry. I’ve found a secure location. No one will discover it.” She smiled.
“There’s one more thing I need to discuss with you,” Dustin said. “This morning, I saw people from the Hall of Gods. They’re planning to break into the forbidden ground of Sacred Wrym Summit to search for treasures.”
“The Hall of Gods?” Grace raised her eyebrows.
She said, “These guys have never had good intentions. I anticipated they would cause trouble at the Combat Tournament, but I didn’t expect their target to be the rare treasures within the forbidden ground.”
“The news about the rare treasures has already spread, so it’s not surprising that the Hall of Gods is taking action. Although we’re unsure of when they’ll strike, I estimate it will be within the next few days. How do you plan to handle this?” he asked.
The Hall of Gods will only act during the Combat Tournament because it’s the busiest time at Sacred Wrym Summit and the easiest to exploit.
“We’ll wait and see,” Grace said solemnly. “The members of the Hall of Gods are lurking everywhere, and if we try to clear them out one by one, it’ll alert them. So, we must wait for the right moment.
“I’ll prepare in advance for this. For the next few days, I need you to keep an eye on the members of the Hall of Gods. Once the timing is right, we’ll capture them all at once!”
###Chapter 2222 by Marina Vittori
“Sure. I’ll go along with your plan.” Dustin nodded.
The rare treasures hidden in the forbidden ground of Sacred Wrym Summit were likely the Dracan essence.
A treasure linked to the fate of the nation should never fall into the hands of the Hall of Gods. Who knew what kind of trouble that might cause?
Dustin had initially braced himself to tackle this challenge alone. But now, he felt much more confident about taking on the Hall of Gods with Grace by his side.
As a representative of Dragonmarsh royalty, she had the influence to rally allies and back them up.
Grace said, “Okay, enough about the Hall of Gods. You need to stay focused on bringing your best at the Combat Tournament.”
She added, “And remember, Sacred Wrym Summit wouldn’t organize something meaningless. The top three competitors are in for some serious perks and rewards.”
“I’ve already registered. I’m fully committed to giving it my all. You can count on that,” Dustin replied with a smile.
In fact, he was excited about facing off against strong opponents in the tournament.
“By the way, there’s another important matter I need your help with,” she said, changing the subject.
Dustin looked curiously at her. “Oh? What’s that?”
“I have a close friend who came for the Combat Tournament. But she suddenly felt sick yesterday. Despite consulting several renowned doctors, they couldn’t do anything. That’s why I’m coming to you.”
She knew Dustin was a medical genius. Unless someone was at death’s door, he could handle any tough case with ease.
“Close friend? What’s the story there?” He raised an eyebrow.
Since she was the princess of Dragonmarsh, he knew anyone who could be friends with someone of her stature must be pretty remarkable, too.
“You know Alloy Marshall, the Celestial Alliance’s guildmaster, right? Well, my friend happens to be his daughter, Alicia Marshall,” Grace stated.
“Ah, I see.” Dustin nodded.
“Huh? You know her?”
“I don’t, but I’ve heard about her. She’s fifth on the Beauty Ranking list and has a solid reputation in the martial world, ” he said.
Every young talent in the Celestial Alliance was vying for Alicia’s attention. It was partly because of her status but also because of her undeniable beauty.
Described as breathtaking and mesmerizing, she had everyone under her spell. Even Fenley, one of the Celestial Alliance’s brightest talents, couldn’t resist her charm.
That just showed how irresistible she was.
“Yes. I can’t deny her beauty caught my eye,” Dustin admitted.
Grace smiled mischievously. “Well, if you’re interested, I could totally set you two up,” she teased and playfully winked at him.
“No thanks!”
Dustin quickly refused. “Thanks for the offer, but let’s not stir up any unnecessary drama. I’ve got enough problems as it is, and I don’t need any more.”
Alicia wasn’t just a knockout on the Beauty Ranking. She was also the daughter of Alloy, the guildmaster of the Celestial Alliance.
With plenty of men trying to win her over, any special attention toward her could stir up drama and envy.
To Dustin, she was the classic femme fatale that he preferred to steer clear of.
“Geez, you look like you’ve seen a ghost Was all that fuss really needed?”
Grace chuckled.
Most men would try to cozy up when they saw a beautiful girl. But she wondered why Dustin was doing the exact opposite.
“I’m here to heal the sick and save lives, not get involved in romance,” Dustin said earnestly.
“Fine. I won’t try to set you up. But if you can cure Alicia’s illness, think of it as a favor from the Celestial Alliance. They’ll owe you one if you ever need their help.”
“Let’s go. We should check on the patient,” Dustin said, not saying much else.
His decision to help wasn’t just about obligations to the Celestial Alliance. It was also a sign of respect for Grace.
Otherwise, convincing him to step in wouldn’t have been so simple.
Half an hour later, Dustin and Grace pulled up to a lakeside villa in their car.
The villa was close to Sacred Wrym Summit. It was nestled amidst lush green mountains with a stunning view of the lake. It was an excellent place to reside.
The place was also fortified with walls and guarded heavily to keep out unwanted visitors.
As Dustin and Grace approached the gate, they were stopped by several vigilant guards.
“This is a private residential area. You can’t enter without an invitation.”
The guards were all on high alert as their hands were already on their weapons as they spoke.
If Dustin and Grace made any sudden moves, they wouldn’t waste a second before taking action.
“Don’t worry. We’re here to treat Alicia’s illness,” Grace reassured with a polite smile and showed them the golden emblem.
It was a gift from Alicia. The emblem granted Grace special access within the Celestial Alliance.
“Oh, you’re Ms. Marshall’s esteemed guests. My apologies for the earlier misunderstanding. Please come in.”
The guards nodded respectfully at the sight of the emblem and opened the gate to let them through.
Grace’s emblem marked her as a VIP within the Celestial Alliance. It was reserved for the highly esteemed or those who had made substantial contributions.
When the guards saw it, they couldn’t afford to be anything less than respectful.
Passing through the gates and strolling through the garden, Grace and Dustin approached the villa. Just then, a middle-aged woman dashed out anxiously.
“Ms. Linsor, you’re finally here. Ms. Alicia’s condition has worsened. Please, come quickly!”
When the middle-aged woman spotted Grace, she seemed to view her as a savior and promptly ushered her indoors.
###Chapter 2223 by Marina Vittori
Grace and Dustin followed a middle- aged woman into the villa.
In the bedroom, a woman of striking beauty and regal presence lay unconscious on the bed.
She was in her early 20s, with flawless skin and captivating features, even in her unconscious state. Her name was Alicia Marshall, and she held the fifth spot on the Beauty Ranking list.
Each of the top ten women on the Beauty Ranking had a unique appeal. Alicia’s beauty was like a rare alpine flower, pure and captivating, even without makeup.
Aside from the unconscious Alicia, there was also a man and a young woman standing in the room.
The man, around 30, dressed sharply in a suit. He was tall and handsome with a piercing gaze.
The young woman, about 17 or 18, bore a strong resemblance to Alicia. She was equally beautiful and exuded a youthful energy. She was Alicia’s younger sister, Aurora Marshall.
“Brian, Alicia’s condition is worsening by the minute. When will that renowned miracle doctor you call arrive?” Aurora asked. “We can’t afford to wait much longer!”
She was visibly anxious as she glanced at Alicia lying on the bed.
The sisters had sneaked out without their father’s knowledge. They intended to participate in the Combat Tournament for fun and to meet the talents from across the region.
However, Alicia suddenly fell sick a few days ago and slipped into a coma. Her condition deteriorated rapidly.
Aurora had tried to summon several renowned miracle doctors from the martial world, but none of them could help. Alicia remained unconscious, and her condition continued to worsen.
Aurora was at her wit’s end. If anything happened to Alicia, how would Aurora explain it to Alloy?
Brian Stern frowned and said earnestly, “Dr. Kenan Quake is on his way. He should be here soon.”
Brian was the chief senior disciple of Alloy. Although he wasn’t as talented as Fenley, he wielded considerable influence within the Celestial Alliance.
Moreover, he had fallen for Alicia for a long time. So, he was naturally worried when he saw her in this state.
“Ms. Aurora! The miracle doctor is here. “Martha Burke, the middle-aged woman, rushed in with Dustin and Grace.
“The miracle doctor?” Aurora’s face lit up. “Where is he?”
“He’s right here.” Martha gestured toward Dustin.
“Huh?” Aurora blinked in slight confusion. She scrutinized Dustin with a hint of skepticism. “Martha, are you sure you haven’t mistaken someone else for the miracle doctor?”
She had always pictured miracle doctors as wise elders with charisma. But Dustin appeared entirely ordinary, and he seemed a bit older than her. There was nothing about him that screamed “miracle doctor”.
“This is the miracle doctor brought by Ms. Linsor,” Martha hurriedly explained.
“Faith Linsor?” Aurora’s gaze lingered on Grace before she recalled the name.
“Hi, Aurora. It’s been a while.” Grace smiled faintly.
Grace went by the name “Faith Linsor” when she first met Alicia.
“No need for pleasantries. I only have one question. Is this person you’ve brought capable?” Aurora asked sternly.
Aurora never really warmed up to Grace. She always sensed Grace had some hidden agenda. But because Alicia was so close to Grace, Aurora had to ignore her gut feelings.
“Yes,” Grace said solemnly. “Dr. Rhys is known for his miraculous healing abilities. He’s capable of resurrecting the dead. I believe he can cure Alicia.”
Upon hearing this, Dustin glanced at Grace. It made him feel awkward to be spoken of so highly.
“Resurrecting the dead? Hmph! Is that so miraculous?”
Brian, standing nearby, eyed the pair suspiciously. He wondered how someone in their 20s could have such advanced medical skills.
Even a miracle doctor wouldn’t dare to claim the power to resurrect the dead. So, Brian naturally doubted their credibility when they boldly made such claims.
“Why don’t you let us try?” Grace didn’t elaborate further. She believed actions spoke louder than words.
“Hmph! Alicia is the heiress of the Celestial Alliance. How dare you treat her like some guinea pig? If something goes wrong, can you handle the consequences?” Brian said coldly.
“I’m her friend. I’d never do anything to hurt her,” she replied firmly.
“Alicia has plenty of friends. How do I know who you really are? As her senior, I have to ensure her safety,” he said and blocked their path.
To him, Grace and Dustin seemed like opportunists. They probably caught wind of Alicia’s illness and figured they would take a shot at curing her.
If they failed, no harm was done. But if they succeeded, it would boost their reputation.
“Alicia’s in a critical condition. If we don’t act fast, her life is in danger. Also, if you care about her, please don’t get in our way.” Grace frowned.
“I’ve already called a miracle doctor. Her illness is none of your concern. I demand that you leave immediately!”
Brian’s tone was firm as he ordered them out.
###Chapter 2224 by Marina Vittori
“Are you telling us to leave?” Grace asked.
She narrowed her eyes and added, ” We’re here to save Alicia, yet you’re trying to drive us away. What’s the matter? Don’t you want her to wake up?
“Ridiculous!” Brian scowled. “I’m her senior. Of course, I want her to wake up.
“Then, why are you stopping us from treating her?” she countered.
“Because I don’t trust you!” he asserted. “Who knows what your intentions are? What if you make her condition worse?”
“If I’m not confident, I won’t do it,” Dustin chimed in abruptly.
“Do you hear that? Regardless, let us diagnose Alicia first,” Grace insisted.
“No! The miracle doctor I’ve called will be here soon. Your help isn’t necessary!
“Brian rejected them firmly.
“Aurora, what do you think?” Grace stopped arguing with Brian and turned toward Aurora instead.
As Alicia’s younger sister, Aurora had absolute authority in this situation. If she agreed, Grace would take action and disregard Brian’s ions.
“How about… we let Dr. Rhys treat Alicia first, Brian?” Aurora paused briefly but ultimately chose to trust Grace.
The miracle doctor Brian had arranged hadn’t shown up yet, and Alicia’s condition was deteriorating rapidly. If they delayed any longer, who knew what consequences it might bring?
Now, she could only hope for a miracle.
“Aurora, you’re so foolish!” Brian snapped. “The martial world is dangerous, and people may have hidden motives. What if they’re out to harm Alicia? We can’t take that chance!
“But Alicia’s life is hanging by a thread. If we keep stalling and something goes wrong, who’s going to shoulder the blame?” she countered.
“Well…” Brian hesitated.
“How about we wait for another five minutes? If your miracle doctor hasn’t arrived by then, let Dr. Rhys treat Alicia. How does that sound?” Aurora asked, offering a compromise.
The five-minute window was her way of giving Brian an alternative. Ideally, Kenan would arrive within that time. But if not, Dustin would be her choice.
“Okay. We’ll wait five minutes!” Brian glanced at his watch and reluctantly nodded.
With the discussion reaching this point, he realized he couldn’t keep stalling without causing misunderstandings. Five minutes later, he couldn’t shake off his growing anxiety when Kenan hadn’t arrived.
“What’s taking Dr. Quake so long? Where is he?” Brian frowned and peered out the doorway.
“Mr. Stern, time’s up. Since your requested doctor isn’t here, let’s leave it to Dr. Rhys.” Without waiting for Brian’s response, Grace winked at Dustin.
Dustin got the hint and approached the bed to diagnose Alicia.
Brian’s expression darkened, but he said nothing.
“Hmm?” Dustin frowned after diagnosing Alicia.
His reaction made Grace somewhat nervous. “How is she? What’s wrong with Alicia?” she asked cautiously.
“She’s not sick, but she’s been poisoned,” he replied gravely.
“Poisoned?” Grace was taken aback. She immediately turned toward Aurora. “Has Alicia eaten anything unusual recently while you two were near Sacred Wrym Summit?”
“We’ve been wandering around Sacred Wrym Summit for the past few days, eating and sleeping together. Nothing unusual happened.” Aurora shook her head.
They had been sharing the same food. So, if Alicia had been poisoned, Aurora would have been affected too.
“Poisoning isn’t just about what you eat. Insect bites, unusual scents, and even contact with certain individuals can all lead to poisoning,” Dustin added.
A poison expert didn’t just target food. They would use all sorts of sneaky methods that were hard to guard against.
“I don’t understand any of this. My only concern is whether you can cure my sister,” Aurora said anxiously.
“The poison in your sister’s system is pretty unique. I can treat it, but I’ll need some time to prepare the antidote, “Dustin replied.
“How long will it take?” she asked.
“Two days,” he stated.
“Two days?” Aurora frowned. “Given my sister’s current condition, I’m afraid she might not last that long.”
“Don’t worry. While I can’t make your sister wake up immediately, I can keep her alive for the time being.”
With a flick of his wrist, Dustin sent a series of silver needles shooting out from his sleeve. Each needle was aimed at the vital pressure point on Alicia’s body.
As the silver needles spun wildly, wisps of mystical pure energy swiftly flowed into Alicia’s circulatory pathways to keep her alive.
“I’m using the ethereal resurgence technique with these needles. As long as they remain in place, Alicia will be safe for three days,” Dustin explained.
“Is it that impressive?” Aurora raised an eyebrow. “What if the needles are removed?”
“She’ll die within three hours,” Dustin stated bluntly.
###Chapter 2225 by Marina Vittori
“Huh?” Aurora was startled by Dustin’s words.
Removing the needles would mean death within three hours. Wasn’t that practically a death sentence?
“Hmph! I don’t care about your ethereal -whatever technique. If you can’t cure Alicia, you can only blame yourself for the pain you’ll be in!” Brian said coldly.
Dustin glanced at him and retorted, “If you can’t be of any help, then please keep quiet. Your constant blabbering is getting on my nerves.”
“Why you-” Brian gritted his teeth but ultimately restrained himself from lashing out.
If Dustin had managed to cure Alicia, Brian would have had nothing to say. But if he failed, Brian would undoubtedly teach Dustin a lesson.
“Dr. Rhys, what do we do now?” Aurora changed the subject.
“Take good care of your sister, and make sure nobody touches her. I’ll go back and prepare the antidote now,” Dustin said.
Then, he winked at Grace before leaving the room.
“Aurora, remember what Dr. Rhys said, “Grace reminded her before following him and exiting the room.
Once outside the villa and ensuring there were no eavesdroppers, she couldn’t contain her curiosity any longer. “What’s going on? Is there something suspicious about Alicia’s illness?”
She could tell he wasn’t telling them everything earlier.
“Yes.” Dustin nodded solemnly. “Alicia isn’t poisoned, but she is under witchcraft.”
“Witchcraft?” Grace raised an eyebrow.
He said solemnly, “I’ve examined Alicia earlier, and there was a dark energy within her. It’s potent and defensive, which makes it difficult to remove. It’s a powerful spell that drains vital energy. At this rate, she’ll have about three days left.”
He had just engaged in a battle of energies using his mystical pure energy against the dark energy within Alicia. But she might die before he succeeded.
“With such potent witchcraft, does it mean the Mystic Arts Order is involved? “Grace began to speculate.
As a disciple of the Regal Observatory, she knew her way around witchcraft pretty well. Dealing with regular witchcraft was a breeze, but whatever was inside Alicia seemed next level.
Apart from the high-ranking members of the Mystic Arts Order, she couldn’t think of anyone else with such abilities.
“Does Alicia have any vendetta against the Mystic Arts Order?” Dustin asked.
“I’ve never heard of any.” Grace shook her head. “But the members of the Mystic Arts Order are known for their impulsiveness and tendency to engage in questionable activities.”
He remarked, “While the Mystic Arts Order may not adhere to conventional morality, they’re not entirely unreasonable. Without a deep-seated grudge, they wouldn’t resort to such drastic measures.”
Casting a spell as powerful as the one on Alicia would not only drain the caster mentally and physically but could also cause harm.
Nobody would undertake such an act without a compelling reason. Hence, they were either driven by personal gain or fueled by deep-seated animosity.
“If it’s not the Mystic Arts Order, who else could it be?” Grace pondered.
“Compared to the Mystic Arts Order, I’m more inclined to suspect the Hall of Gods,” Dustin said, narrowing his eyes.
“Since the start of the Combat Tournament, the Hall of Gods has disrupted proceedings more than once. They targeted talented individuals from various sects. It’s their modus operandi.”
“Alicia’s martial talents aren’t particularly outstanding, so why would the Hall of Gods invest so much effort in targeting her?” she asked curiously.
He argued, “She might not directly threaten the Hall of Gods, but who she is matters. She’s a key player. If she suddenly dies, how do you think Alloy, the guildmaster of the Celestial Alliance, would respond?”
“He’d be furious,” she replied without hesitation.
Alloy had two daughters, and he treated Alicia as his most precious treasure. If anything were to happen to her, he might lose his mind.
“What if Mystic Arts Order were to blame for Alicia’s death?” Dustin asked again.
“In that case, the two major sects would engage in a bloodbath!”
After a brief pause, Grace quickly grasped the situation. “I got it! The Hall of Gods is trying to create conflict.
“If Alicia died from witchcraft, the Celestial Alliance would inevitably suspect the Mystic Arts Order. With some fabricated evidence, the enraged Alloy might choose to go to war directly.
“By then, the entire martial world would be plunged into chaos and bloodshed!”
If a large-scale conflict were to erupt between the Celestial Alliance and the Mystic Arts Order, the stability of the realm would be threatened.
And this was the scenario that the Hall of Gods was anticipating.
“First, they disrupt the martial world. Now, they’re aiming to disrupt the government. That’s the Hall of Gods’ main ive,” Dustin said.
A cold gleam flashed in his eyes. “These power-hungry wolves need to be taken down.”
“If it’s indeed the Hall of Gods causing trouble, then I must warn the Celestial Alliance to beware and not fall into their trap,” Grace said with a grave expression.
“Wait.” He raised a hand to stop her. ” These are all speculations without any evidence.
“Gaining trust won’t be easy, and how can you be sure there isn’t a mole from the Hall of Gods within the Celestial Alliance? If we expose them now, we’ll only alert the enemy.”
“What do you suggest then?” Grace asked, intrigued.
“Since the Hall of Gods intends harm, why don’t we turn the tables and eliminate their influence in one fell swoop!” Dustin clenched his fist fiercely, his eyes ablaze with determination.
###Chapter 2226 by Marina Vittori
“What’s your plan?” Grace arched her eyebrow.
“First, we need to find a way to dispel the witchcraft from Alicia’s body. Then, we’ll use her as bait to lure out the mastermind,” Dustin replied succinctly.
Once they pinned down the culprit, they wouldn’t have to do anything more. The Celestial Alliance members would handle it. After all, Alloy wouldn’t just let those who hurt his daughter off the hook.
“What do you need me to do?” Grace asked.
“I need you to gather some medicinal herbs for me as quickly as possible. I plan to use poison to counteract the dark energy and force it out of Alicia’s body.”
Dustin quickly jotted down a prescription and handed it to her.
She glanced briefly and nodded. “No problem, I’ll gather everything within three hours.”
With the power of Dragonmarsh royalty, she would have no trouble getting her hands on rare medicinal herbs.
After Dustin and Grace left the lakeside villa, they got busy with their respective tasks.
Just shortly after the two departed, a white-haired elder with a beard in a vintage suit entered the villa with two disciples. He exuded an air of elegance and wisdom.
“Dr. Quake! You’re finally here? Please, come in!”
Brian, standing at the door, greeted the white-haired elder with a big smile as he ushered him into the villa.
“Mr. Stern, I’m sorry for the delay. I had some unexpected matters to attend to. Thank you for your patience,” Kenan Quake, the white-haired elder, apologized for being late.
“It’s okay. I’m just glad you could make it,” Brian said courteously.
Kenan was renowned as a miracle doctor in the martial world. He had close connections to the Celestial Alliance.
Moreover, he had healed countless influential figures with mysterious illnesses, which earned him the moniker “Master Healer”.
When dealing with such a skilled doctor, proper respect was a must, especially for martial artists who often faced injuries or health issues.
“Mr. Stern, how is the patient?” Kenan asked.
“The situation is looking grim. Alicia’s still in a coma, and her condition is getting worse. We’ve tried everything, but no doctor’s been able to help,”
Brian replied. His tone was tinged with concern.
Brian seemed to recall something and abruptly changed the subject. “Oh, by the way. A young doctor came by earlier and performed some sort of ethereal technique on Alicia.
“He jabbed her with those ‘ethereal- whatever’ needles and then left abruptly without explanation. I’m not sure if it had any effect.”
“How outrageous!” Kenan frowned.” The patient’s condition is critical. How can you allow unidentified doctors to diagnose and treat her recklessly?
“If anything goes wrong, who will take responsibility? Hurry up and take me to her.”
“Come with me.” Brian quickly led Kenan and the others into Alicia’s room.
“Brian, who are these people?” Aurora was curious as she looked at the three unfamiliar faces entering the room.
“Aurora, this is the renowned Dr. Quake I mentioned earlier. And these two are his disciples,” Brian briefly introduced them.
“It’s an honor to meet you, Dr. Quake. I’ve heard of your great reputation,” Aurora greeted.
“Let’s skip the pleasantries and focus on the patient.” Kenan got straight to the point.
“Dr. Quake, this is my sister, Alicia. She just got some acupuncture. Can you make sure it’s legit?” Aurora motioned toward Alicia as she spoke.
“Hmm?” Kenan approached and studied Alicia closely. His frown deepened.
“Where did you find this amateur? Allowing him to treat her without understanding the situation first? What if something goes wrong?” he asked.
“An amateur?” Aurora blinked. She exchanged a glance with Brian and hastily asked, “Dr. Quake, does that mean there’s something wrong with his treatment?”
“Of course, there’s a big issue here, and it’s serious,” Kenan said gravely.
“The patient looks weak, pale, and blue -ish. She was obviously poisoned. In a case like this, the first step should be using a tonic to boost the body’s strength.
“Then, silver needles are used to draw out the toxins by stimulating specific pressure points. But whoever treated her did the opposite.
“He didn’t give the tonic but used silver needles to block the vital pressure points. This would trap the toxins inside the body. This isn’t healing, and it’s harming the patient!”
At this revelation, Brian’s and Aurora’s expressions changed.
If Dustin’s incompetence were the problem, it’d be one thing. However, if he was deliberately causing harm, that changed everything.
“Hmph! I knew that guy was up to no good. He’s downright evil!” Brian gritted his teeth. His expression clouded with anger.
“Dr. Quake, are you sure these silver needles aren’t for healing but for harming?” Aurora asked again.
“I’ve been practicing medicine for many years; I wouldn’t make a mistake, “Kenan replied solemnly.
“Either the person administering the needles is an amateur who knows nothing, or they’re intentionally causing harm. Either way, these silver needles have no benefit for treating illness.”
With that, Kenan stepped forward and prepared to remove the needles.
“Wait!” Aurora quickly raised her hand to stop him. “Dr. Quake, that person said these silver needles are meant to prolong my sister’s life. If they’re removed, she might not live for more than three hours!”
“Prolong her life? Hah! What a joke!” Kenan sneered.
He added, “Toxins are accumulating in the patient’s body, and they’re unable to be expelled. And now he is using silver needles to seal the vital pressure points?
“Is he trying to hasten the patient’s death? If we follow his logic and leave the silver needles in place for three hours, the patient will undoubtedly die!
###Chapter 2227 by Marina Vittori
“What? Alicia will die?”
Kenan’s words sent shivers down Aurora’s and Brian’s spines. They hadn’t anticipated the severity of the situation.
“That damned bastard! How dare he harm Alicia? I’ll get someone to bring him in right now!” Brian immediately pulled out his phone to make a call.
Assassinating the Celestial Alliance’s guildmaster’s daughter was like inviting death.
“Dr. Quake, what do we do now? Can my sister be saved?” Aurora panicked as she processed the news.
She had turned to Dustin out of sheer desperation and hoped for a miracle since she had no other options.
However, she regretted her decision after hearing Kenan’s assessment. Comparing a nobody to a highly skilled doctor in the martial world, Kenan was the obvious choice.
“If it were anyone else, your sister would be beyond saving. But fortunately, I’m here today. As long as she’s still breathing, I can bring her back from the brink,” Kenan said confidently.
“Then, please, Dr. Quake, save her immediately. We’ll be forever grateful for your assistance.” Aurora’s face lit up with hope.
“Dr. Quake, we’re putting our trust in you.” Brian clasped his hands respectfully.
“Don’t worry, you can trust my expertise.” Kenan stroked his beard and stepped forward. He began removing the silver needles from Alicia’s body.
As soon as the needles were out, Alicia began convulsing violently, and thin streams of black blood started trickling from her nose.
“Dr. Quake, what’s going on? My sister’s condition is getting worse.” Aurora panicked.
Just moments ago, everything seemed fine. But now, Alicia was exhibiting strange symptoms and even had a nosebleed as soon as the needles were removed.
“Relax, it’s just a minor issue, ” Kenan said calmly.
He continued, “Her circulatory pathways were blocked and caused toxins to build up. Now that the needles are out, these reactions are normal. Once she takes my medicine, she’ll be fine.”
“Don’t worry. Dr. Quake’s skills are known around the world. With him here, you can relax,” Brian reassured her.
“That’s great.” Aurora breathed a sigh of relief.
Kenan was renowned for his skills, and his confidence was reassuring.
“Sanny, bring me the Enigma Mist,” Kenan called out.
“Yes, sir.”
One of his disciples opened a medical kit and carefully took out an intricately designed green bottle.
The bottle was small and about the size of a fist. Its surface was engraved with mysterious patterns, which gave it an extraordinary appearance.
After receiving the bottle, Kenan said, ” Bring me a bowl.”
Another disciple quickly brought over an empty bowl and handed it to him.
Kenan uncorked the bottle and slowly poured a milky-white liquid into the bowl. He stopped when it was about a third full.
“Do you two know what’s in this bowl? ” he asked while holding the bowl up to show Aurora and Brian.
“This liquid is pure white and has a unique fragrance. It must be something special,” Brian responded cooperatively.
“Yes,” Kenan said.
He added proudly, “This is my meticulously concocted Enigma Mist. It aids in healing the wounds and removing toxins from the body. It will also prolong life.
“Don’t be fooled by the size of this bottle. It holds immense value, as it took me three years and over ten thousand rare herbs to perfect its formulation.
“By using ancient methods, it had to be brewed for 49 days. During this time, I had to monitor the temperature consistently.
“It was a labor of love and not something I would share lightly. But for the daughter of the Celestial Alliance guildmaster, it’s worth it.”
“Thank you so much, Dr. Quake. We will never forget your kindness.” Brian placed his hand on his chest, showing his respect.
“As long as you can heal Alicia, we will do anything you ask,” Aurora added.
As Alloy’s daughter, Aurora was no fool.
Kenan’s lengthy explanation made it clear that the Enigma Mist was incredibly precious. Also, curing Alicia would require a significant reward from the Celestial Alliance.
However, Aurora wasn’t concerned about the cost since she only cared about her sister’s recovery.
“Good, very good. With your assurances, I’m relieved,” Kenan said while stroking his beard with a satisfied smile.
Seeing that Brian and Aurora understood his hint, he handed a small bowl of Enigma Mist to her and said, Ms. Marshall, feed this to your sister. In less than ten minutes, she’ll be out of danger.”
Aurora nodded and accepted the bowl of tonic with care. She used a spoon to feed it to Alicia, one small sip at a time.
The moment Alicia swallowed it, she reacted suddenly. Her body spasmed as if jolted by electricity.
In the next moment, she coughed up a mouthful of blood. Some of it splattered on Aurora’s face.
###Chapter 2228 by Marina Vittori
Aurora’s eyes widened in shock. She touched the blood on her face and looked over at Alicia on the bed, who was coughing up blood.
Kenan and Brian were equally shocked by the sudden turn of events. No one anticipated that after drinking the Enigma Mist, Alicia’s condition would deteriorate.
“Dr. Quake! What… What’s going on?” Brian asked anxiously.
“Dr. Quake! You assured us that the Enigma Mist would bring my sister back from the brink. Why is she coughing up blood now?” Aurora was frantic.
“Don’t worry. It’s just a minor setback. Let me check her again,” Kenan reassured them.
He quickly approached Alicia to take her pulse and frowned. “This is unexpected. Her pulse is weak, and her blood circulation is poor.
“These symptoms suggest poisoning. The Enigma Mist should have detoxified her. But why isn’t it working?
The Enigma Mist was supposed to cure any poison and extend life. Just a sip should have stabilized Alicia’s condition. But this unforeseen reaction left him perplexed.
“Dr. Quake, what’s going on with my sister? Do you truly have the ability to cure her?” Aurora’s expression was a mix of anxiety and fear.
A moment ago, Alicia was fine. But after Kenan removed the silver needles and fed her the medicine, her condition worsened. It raised Aurora’s doubts about Kenan’s medical skills.
“Of course. I can.” Kenan took a deep breath and said calmly, “Although the Enigma Mist didn’t have the desired effect, I have other methods to remove the toxins from her body.”
“Whatever it takes, just cure my sister first!” Aurora urged.
“Don’t worry. My acupuncture technique is highly regarded in the martial world. Handling this case of mild poisoning is a breeze,” Kenan said confidently.
Being known as a miracle doctor wasn’t without reason. If the Enigma Mist didn’t work, he would use silver needles to remove the poison.
“Aurora, don’t worry. With Dr. Quake here, everything will be fine. Just stay calm and don’t distract him,” Brian said.
Aurora nodded upon hearing that. Though anxious, she managed to keep her emotions in check.
“Sanny, bring the silver needles.” Kenan stretched out his hand.
His disciple swiftly understood the gesture. He retrieved a packet of silver needles from the medical kit and laid them out before Kenan.
With a flick of his wrist, Kenan had three needles between his fingers. Then, he precisely inserted them into Alicia’s shoulders and chest.
“Hold her up,” Kenan commanded.
Aurora didn’t hesitate. She quickly propped the unconscious Alicia into a sitting position with her back facing Kenan.
“Pay attention. This technique is called the Styx Passage,” Kenan remarked.
He flicked his wrist as five silver needles appeared between his fingers. The needles shot out and hit Alicia’s neck, back, and waist with precision.
“Again!” he said as he sent five more needles flying toward Alicia.
Every needle hit its mark, which showcased Kenan’s mastery of the technique. Such skill couldn’t be attained without decades of practice.
“Breakthrough!”
After the needles were in place, Kenan used his index and middle fingers to press firmly on the midline of Alicia’s back.
Her body convulsed, and she suddenly spat out a mouthful of dark, clotted blood. It splattered on the wall.
With that, her spasming body gradually returned to normal. Even her lips, once pale, started regaining color.
“Most of the toxins in her body have been cleared out. Keep feeding her the tonic, and I believe she’ll be fine soon,” Kenan said. He wiped the sweat from his forehead, and he looked somewhat tired.
Despite the impressive display, the technique drained him significantly, and it left him with barely any true energy. It would take him at least a few days to recover.
If it hadn’t been necessary, he wouldn’t have resorted to using the Styx Passage technique. However, for now, the results seem promising.
“As expected of Dr. Quake. You’re incredible!” Brian gave him a thumbs- up.
He praised, “I’ve heard about the Styx Passage technique-how it’s said to perform miracles and even bring the dead back to life. Seeing it demonstrated today, it absolutely lives up to its reputation!”
“Bringing the dead back to life might be an overstatement. But as long as the patient is still breathing, I can cure them,” Kenan said with a proud smile.
“You’re too modest. If it weren’t for you, Alicia might not have made it through today.” Brian clasped his hands together and looked at him in admiration.
“Dr. Quake, is she really going to be okay?” Aurora frowned as she looked at Alicia, who was still unconscious.
Alicia’s complexion had improved slightly. But her breathing and pulse remained faint and showed no signs of improvement.
“What? You don’t trust my medical skills?” Kenan sounded displeased.
He put his hand behind his back and continued, “I’ve been in the martial world for so many years. There’s never been a disease I couldn’t cure.
“I can assure you that as soon as she takes another sip of the Enigma Mist, she’ll wake up immediately. If you don’t believe me, try it yourself!”
###Chapter 2229 by Marina Vittori
“Of course, we trusted you. We believe you,” Brian said with an apologetic smile. He went on, “If it weren’t for you, Alicia would probably be dead by now.”
“It’s just a small effort on my part. So, it’s nothing to fuss over,” Kenan said while stroking his beard.
He added, “Sanny, feed her a bit more of that Enigma Mist and let Ms. Marshall witness my capability.”
“Yes, sir!” Sanny replied. He then carefully fed Alicia a couple more sips of the Enigma Mist.
After swallowing the tonic, Alicia’s legs twitched, and then she went still.
Sanny was stunned upon seeing that. Then, he cautiously checked Alicia’s breathing. In an instant, he jerked back as if electrocuted, and his face contorted in fear.
He stammered, “Dr. Quake! The… the patient has stopped breathing.”
“What?”
The revelation sent shockwaves through the room. Even the self- assured Kenan looked shaken.
“Stopped breathing? How is that even possible?”
Kenan pushed his disciple aside and checked Alicia’s pulse. It had indeed stopped.
“How could this be? This shouldn’t have happened!” He panicked.
He had carefully followed the steps.
First, the Styx Passage technique was used to extract the toxin from Alicia’s body. Then, it was supplemented with the Enigma Mist. Everything should have proceeded smoothly.
In theory, Alicia should have at least regained some vitality after drinking the tonic and begun to recover. But she remained unconscious, and she had also stopped breathing entirely. What went wrong?
“Dr. Quake! Didn’t you say everything would be fine? Why has my sister stopped breathing?” Aurora was agitated and grabbed Kenan’s shirt.
Before the treatment, he made grand promises. However, as soon as he began, everything went terribly wrong.
First, there were convulsions, followed by blood vomiting. And ultimately, she stopped breathing. What kind of skilled doctor was this? He was a quack doctor.
“Dr. Quake! What… What the heck is happening?” Brian frowned and eyed him suspiciously.
“Don’t worry. It’s just a coma-like state. She can still be saved. She can-be saved!” Kenan wiped the sweat off his brow and tried to stay calm.
In his years of experience in the medical field, he had treated countless patients and faced situations like this. However, this case was different.
Alicia was a patient with powerful connections and influence. Failing to save her wouldn’t just mean losing his reward. It could also tarnish his reputation.
The pressure was immense.
“You better bring my sister back, or you’ll pay with your lives!” Aurora screamed.
If she had known Kenan was this incompetent, she would never have listened to him and removed the silver needles. If her sister died, Aurora wouldn’t let Kenan off the hook.
“Sanny! Hurry up and get the Revivex!” Kenan didn’t hesitate. He promptly instructed his disciple to retrieve his precious possession.
Revivex was a top-grade tablet. He had acquired it from the Stoneray Order at a great expense and with a significant favor. It was rumored to bring people back from the brink of death, hence the name.
No matter the severity of the injuries or the absence of pulse and breath, Revivex could temporarily sustain life.
This tablet was Kenan’s prized possession. It was reserved for a critical moment to save his own life.
Despite countless offers from wealthy elites, he had always refused to sell it. However, he had no choice but to use it to save Alicia and protect his own life.
“Dr. Quake! Here’s the Revivex!”
Sanny opened the medical kit’s hidden compartment. He swiftly retrieved a delicate wooden box and handed it to Kenan.
When Kenan opened the box, a golden tablet was inside. It gleamed transparently under the sunlight and resembled a piece of fine gold. It also had a unique fragrance that was refreshing and invigorating.
“Is this the legendary Revivex that can bring people back from the brink of death? It’s truly extraordinary.”
Brian’s eyes sparkled with amazement.
He had heard of the tablet from the Stoneray Order. It was a priceless treasure that couldn’t be bought regardless of the amount offered.
Due to the rarity of its ingredients, Stoneray Order could only produce one Revivex every ten years. Hence, its value was beyond measure.
Kenan brought out his most precious possession and said, “With Revivex, she will be safe.”
He took a deep breath and reluctantly fed the tablet to Alicia. Revivex was a treasure worth more than gold. He would never part with it unless the situation were dire.
Now, he could only hope that the tablet lived up to its legend and could pull Alicia back from death’s door. Otherwise, he would be in serious trouble.
Failing to save the daughter of the Celestial Alliance’s guildmaster could cost him more than he could afford.
###Chapter 2230 by Marina Vittori
The Revivex dissolved in Alicia’s mouth. Its golden liquid smoothly slid down her throat.
A surge of vitality coursed through her body and reached every cell. Her heart, which had stopped, gradually resumed beating.
With each heartbeat, Alicia’s chest rose and fell gently as her breathing returned to normal.
“She’s breathing! Alicia’s breathing!” Brian exclaimed happily.
“This is amazing! My sister is alive again!” Tears of happiness streamed down Aurora’s cheek.
Kenan breathed a sigh of relief. He was grateful for the miraculous effect of the legendary Revivex tablet that revived Alicia.
Without it, his reputation would have been at risk. Though using such a precious tablet caused him some discomfort, the outcome justified it.
“No wonder they call it Revivex,” Brian marveled.
The ability to revive someone from the brink of death indeed demonstrated Revivex’s extraordinary nature.
“Though it was a bit of a rollercoaster, thankfully, everything turned out okay. “Kenan forced a smile, though sweat dampened his back.
He still couldn’t understand why the Enigma Mist and Styx Passage technique had no effect on Alicia. In fact, they exacerbated her condition.
It was just a case of mild poisoning, yet why was it so challenging to treat? What went wrong?
“Dr. Quake, something’s not right,” Aurora remarked and frowned. “My sister’s breathing is getting weaker.”
“What? How is that possible?” Kenan rushed over to check Alicia’s pulse, and his face turned grim.
Just as Aurora had observed, Alicia’s pulse was weakening again despite her earlier revival.
It seemed that Revivex’s effects had only offered a fleeting spark of life. At this rate, Alicia would be gone within half an hour.
“Dr. Quake, what are we going to do now? You need to figure something out fast,” Aurora urged anxiously.
“I… I…” Kenan hesitated and was unsure of how to respond.
He had used the Enigma Mist for detoxification and tried the Styx Passage acupuncture for purging toxins. Plus, he even turned to his last resort, the Revivex pill, in a desperate bid to save Alicia’s life.
But despite exhausting all his methods, there was no improvement. What had begun as a minor illness had only worsened with each treatment attempt.
He was at a loss.
“Dr. Quake! Why are you just standing there? Save her!” Aurora raised her voice.
Kenan sighed. “The patient’s condition is just too strange. The illness is unlike anything I’ve encountered in all my years of practice. I’m afraid there’s nothing more I can do.”
His face was clouded with shame and helplessness.
“What do you mean, nothing you can do?” Aurora immediately grew agitated.
She spat, “You were so confident earlier and promised to cure Alicia. And now you’re saying you can’t do anything? You’re a fucking skilled doctor, for goodness sake!”
“I…” He was speechless under her reproach.
“Dr. Quake, do you have any other miracle cures? Bring them out, no matter the cost, as long as they can save Alicia,” Brian urged.
“It’s useless.” Kenan shook his head, and his face turned grim.
He went on, “I’ve tried everything I could think of, and I’ve exhausted all my resources, including the Revivex tablet.
“Yet, the patient’s condition shows no signs of improvement. It seems like there’s nothing more I can do for her. You… you should prepare yourselves for the worst.”
“Stop your mourning nonsense!”
Aurora fumed.
She grabbed Kenan by the collar and roared, “You quack doctor! You’ve turned my sister Alicia into this mess. And now you think a few words will absolve you of responsibility? If my sister doesn’t make it today, every single one of you will pay the price!”
“Ms. Marshall, you… you’re being unreasonable,” Kenan stammered. He looked desperate.
“I don’t care about that. Today, you must cure my sister,” she roared.
“Aurora, calm down. Let’s think this through. We’ll find a way to save Alicia, “Brian reassured her.
“Save? This quack doctor pulled out the silver needles, and now her condition had worsened. How the hell are we supposed to save her now?”
As she yelled, Aurora seemed to have a sudden realization. “Wait a second! Dr. Rhys had stabilized Alicia’s condition before. If we bring him back, maybe there’s a chance after all.”
“Even Dr. Quake couldn’t do anything. You think that kid can?” Brian responded skeptically.
“We have to try,” Aurora said firmly. Martha, get in touch with Faith and ask her to bring Dr. Rhys back to save Alicia!
She was at her wit’s end and resorted to desperate measures by bringing Dustin back to cure Alicia. Though the odds were slim, there remained a glimmer of hope.
What if a miracle were to occur?
###Chapter 2231 by Marina Vittori
As dusk fell, Dustin stood before the alchemy furnace in the tavern’s kitchen. With mystical pure energy, he meticulously controlled the fire’s temperature.
Grace worked efficiently and gathered all the precious herbs within just an hour. She even arranged for a top- quality alchemy furnace to be delivered.
Following ancient methods, he began crafting the tablet to dispel Alicia’s witchcraft.
Witchcraft was similar to parasitic poison, but it was even more mysterious and unpredictable.
Fortunately, Dustin had considerable knowledge of witchcraft and an extensive understanding of secret techniques. So, concocting the antidote presented no challenge for him.
Suddenly, Grace entered the kitchen and said solemnly, “We have a crisis. I’ve received word that Alicia’s condition has suddenly worsened, and she’s on the brink of death. We must leave now.”
“Her condition has worsened? How did this happen?” He frowned and continued, “I’d already contained the voodoo in Alicia’s body with the ethereal resurgence technique.
“As long as they didn’t remove the needles, a couple more days would’ve been fine. How come her condition deteriorated in just a few hours?”
Grace quickly explained, “Someone took matters into their own hands and brought in Kenan Quake, a skilled doctor from the martial world.
“Without knowing the whole situation, he removed the silver needles and caused Alicia’s condition to worsen.
“He tried everything, but nothing worked. That’s why Aurora called me just now and urged us to rush over and save Alicia.”
“I told them not to remove the needles. Why wouldn’t they listen? It’s just making things worse!” Dustin rubbed his temples.
He had initially intended to craft the tablet and gradually dispel the voodoo using his mystical pure energy. However, this complication significantly complicated the task.
She frowned. “This isn’t the time to dwell on that. You need to come with me right away and do everything you can to save Alicia.”
“Give me a few more minutes to finish crafting these tablets.” He didn’t budge.
Dealing with Voodoo was difficult. Even if he went there without the tablet, there was little he could do.
Grace, though anxious, could only wait by his side. All she could do now was hope that Kenan would do something to prolong Alicia’s life.
In a surge of urgency, Dustin channeled his mystical energy with full intensity. The flame beneath the alchemy furnace burst into life instantly, and the surrounding temperature spiked rapidly.
Even Grace, standing nearby, felt parched and flushed from the intense heat.
The flames blazed with such ferocity that the alchemy furnace began to vibrate and emit a loud hum. Ordinarily, an alchemist would immediately lower the heat to prevent an explosion, but Dustin couldn’t afford to do so at that moment.
Time was pressing. He needed to raise the temperature to expedite the tablet’s crafting, even if it meant risking an explosion.
Five minutes later, cracks began to appear on the furnace’s surface, signaling its approaching limit. The mystical flames, fueled by pure energy, burned intensely hot. It pushed the high -quality furnace to its limits.
Grace’s expression changed to concern as she hurriedly warned him, “Dustin! The furnace is about to explode.”
Without uttering a single word, Dustin concentrated on channeling his mystical pure energy. The flames beneath the furnace roared with undiminished intensity.
Eventually, the trembling alchemy furnace reached its limit and erupted with a resounding bang. Shards scattered in all directions, and dust clouded the air.
At the epicenter of the explosion, Dustin’s body trembled as his energy armor burst forth and shielded him from the flying debris.
Then, something astonishing happened that left Grace speechless.
Despite the explosion, Dustin pressed on. He used his mystical pure energy to conjure a new, translucent alchemy furnace seemingly out of thin air.
This furnace of true energy shimmered and subtly shifted color when touched by the flames.
As Grace watched closely, she noticed an irregular purple tablet floating within the furnace. The remaining medicinal liquid swiftly gathered and filled the tablet.
Eventually, the purple tablet finally took shape.
“It’s done!” Dustin’s eyes lit up.
With a swift motion, he stretched his arm inside the furnace of true energy and grabbed the tablet. The furnace dissipated into a gentle breeze, and the flames beneath it vanished instantly.
He let out a long breath, and his body soaked in sweat.
It had been exhausting to channel his true energy to sustain the flame. He also had to prevent the catastrophe of the furnace exploding and ruining the tablet.
Ultimately, he had to summon every ounce of his true energy to conjure an alchemy furnace from nothing, a feat that drained most of his energy.
His success was owed to his strong cultivation foundation. Fortunately, the tablet was successfully crafted, and all his hard work paid off.
“Hurry! We need to save Alicia now!”
Without stopping to rest, Dustin pocketed the tablet and hurried off with Grace to the Celestial Alliance’s Lakeshore Villa.
###Chapter 2232 by Marina Vittori
At the Celestial Alliance’s Lakeshore Villa, Alicia lay unconscious on the bed. Her breathing was growing weaker by the minute.
Aurora and Brian were pacing anxiously by her side while Kenan, drenched in sweat, worked frantically.
Kenan was using his Styx Passage technique to prolong Alicia’s life, but it was barely making a difference. It could only delay her death, but it couldn’t improve her condition.
If Alicia died, he knew his own life might be forfeit as well.
“How is she, Dr. Quake? How is Alicia doing?” Brian couldn’t hold back his worry as he saw Kenan struggling.
“I’m doing my best… I’m still trying…” Kenan replied, wiping his brow. He was so nervous that his hands trembled.
If the patient were from an ordinary household, he could just say he did his best and move on.
But Aurora had made it clear that if Alicia didn’t survive, neither would he. The pressure was intense, and fear was a constant companion. All he could do was try his hardest to keep Alicia alive a little longer.
“Martha, why aren’t Faith and Dr. Rhys here yet? It’s been so long!” Aurora asked impatiently, glancing at the time.
“They should be here soon. I’ll call and check again,” Martha said. She nervously pulled out her phone and dialed Grace’s number.
Before the call was connected, two people walked into the villa.
“There’s no need to call. We’re already here,” Grace said as she and Dustin hurried into the room.
They came as fast as they could after preparing the tablet and were relieved they made it in time.
“Dr. Rhys, you’re finally here. Please check on my sister. I’m afraid she’s not doing so well.” Aurora skipped the pleasantries as she grabbed Dustin’s hand and pulled him to the bedside.
She shoved Kenan aside in the process. He looked angry but didn’t dare say anything.
Dustin took one look at Alicia and immediately frowned. “Didn’t I tell you not to remove the needles? Why didn’t you listen?”
“It was this quack doctor’s fault!” Aurora snapped.
She pointed accusingly at Kenan and continued, “He said your silver needles were trapping the poison in Alicia’s body and making her condition worse.
“But after he removed them, her condition deteriorated. And now, he’s unable to save her. He’s nothing but a fraud!”
“Why you…”
Kenan’s face turned from red to pale with anger. But because of Aurora’s status, he didn’t dare to retort and just endured the humiliation.
“Dr. Rhys, you said earlier you had a way to cure Alicia’s illness. You’re the only person I can turn to,” Aurora pleaded and looked at Dustin hopefully.
“If you hadn’t removed the needles, there might have been a chance to cure her. But now, the voodoo has spread throughout her body. I’m not confident
I can bring her back from the brink,” Dustin said solemnly.
At that moment, Alicia appeared to be teetering on the brink of death. Even with his exceptional medical skills, he dared not claim he could save her.
“Dr. Rhys, please think of something. Money won’t be an issue. Just save my sister, please! I can pay you, no matter the price,” Aurora exclaimed urgently.
“It’s not about the money.” He shook his head. “I can only assure you that I’ll do everything within my capabilities to treat your sister. However, the outcome ultimately depends on her will to survive.”
Although Aurora appeared worried, she refrained from further questioning him. In contrast to Kenan’s arrogance, Dustin’s words conveyed sincerity and reliability, which reassured her.
“Everyone, please step aside.” Dustin gestured for the people by the bed to move.
As he prepared to start treatment, Brian interjected, “Wait! Are you sure you’re capable of this?
“Bear in mind that Alicia hails from a distinguished lineage. If you make her condition worse, there’ll be serious consequences.”
“If you don’t trust me, then I won’t treat her. You should do it yourselves.” Dustin decisively stepped back with a ” your call” expression on his face.
“Why you-” Brian was speechless, and his expression turned sour.
“Brian, stop talking nonsense!” Aurora snapped.
She glared and shoved him aside without any politeness. “Dr. Rhys is trying to save my sister, and you’re threatening him?”
“Aurora, I’m just concerned about his lack of medical expertise. What if this kid fails to treat Alicia and makes things worse?” Brian tried to explain.
He lacked confidence in Dustin’s medical abilities. After all, even the renowned Kenan couldn’t cure Alicia’s illness. What could this unknown kid possibly do?
“Alicia is already teetering on the brink of death. What could be worse than that?” she retorted.
“I…” He was momentarily speechless.
“I don’t care what you think. If anyone dares to get in Dr. Rhys’s way today, there will be hell to pay!” Aurora warned angrily.
Brian frowned, and his face darkened. Eventually, he said nothing and stepped aside.
Despite his doubts about Dustin, given the dire situation, he had no choice but to allow him to proceed. However, If anything went wrong, Brian wouldn’t let him off easily.
###Chapter 2233 by Marina Vittori
After Brian stepped back, Dustin stepped forward to start treating Alicia. Because of Kenan’s misdiagnosis and treatment, the voodoo had spread throughout her body.
The tablet Dustin had just crafted wasn’t enough to remove the voodoo. He also needed to use silver needles to draw it out first.
However, the voodoo was like a spirit and would evade detection, making it challenging to extract with needles alone.
The best plan was for Dustin to use himself as bait. He had to absorb the voodoo from Alicia’s body into his own. It was risky, but there was no other choice. To save her, he had to give it a shot.
He told Grace, “I’ll use silver needles to gather the voodoo energy in one spot on Alicia’s body later.
“Then, I’ll use my hands to draw most of it into my own body. The whole process has to go perfectly, so I need you to watch over me and make sure nobody interrupts.”
He looked back at Grace to stress how serious he was. Among everyone there, she was the only one he truly trusted.
The process was dangerous. While he could handle it because of his strong foundation, Alicia couldn’t. If something went wrong and the voodoo turned against them, it could kill her instantly.
She was worried and asked, “You’ve already used up a lot of energy crafting the tablet. Are you sure you can handle this?”
She knew that he had already used up most of his mystical pure energy earlier to speed up making the tablet. Now, he was about to tire himself out even more by drawing out the voodoo, which wasn’t an easy task.
“Don’t worry. I know my limit. Just keep an eye out for me,” he said calmly.
“Okay.” Grace nodded earnestly. Anyone who dared interrupt Dustin while he was saving lives would have to deal with her.
“Ms. Marshall, help your sister up,” he instructed Aurora with a glance. She quickly complied and helped the unconscious Alicia sit up.
He took a deep breath. Then, with a swift motion of his hand, a row of silver needles shot out from his sleeve.
Five silver needles struck Alicia’s left leg in a straight line. Then, Dustin waved his hand again, and another five needles hit her right leg.
Next, it was her left arm, right arm, and finally her chest. With each wave of his hand, he released five silver needles. Soon, her body was covered in silver needles.
The voodoo within Alicia had spread extensively, so Dustin needed to use the needles to seal off specific points and draw out the voodoo.
Once all the needles were in place, he sat cross-legged behind her and placed his palms gently on her back.
A low hum filled the air as Alicia’s body began to tremble slightly. Wisps of black mist slowly seeped from her skin.
Dustin kept his eyes closed and breathed steadily. Using his mystical pure energy, he was gradually absorbing the voodoo from her body.
His vital energy was much stronger than her. Hence, it made him an irresistible feast for the voodoo since he had let down his defenses.
To avoid alarming the voodoo, he drew it out slowly, using his life force as bait. He proceeded cautiously to avoid rushing things.
Time passed, and the black mist seeping from Alicia’s body grew thicker and denser. Her face turned as pale as paper, and she sweated profusely.
Her previously blank expression showed pain. She had been unconscious, but now she showed signs of reaction.
On the contrary, Dustin’s condition also deteriorated. He frowned as sweat dripped down his cheeks and seeped into his clothes.
He had to draw out the voodoo while also using his true energy to protect her pulse. Juggling these tasks was draining his mental and physical strength, as well as his true energy.
But for now, he could only grit his teeth and keep going.
“Dr. Quake, is this kid for real? He seems pretty mystical,” Brian whispered to Kenan as they watched.
Initially doubtful of Dustin’s medical skills, Brian’s skepticism began to fade when he observed the black mist seeping from Alicia’s skin. He found Dustin’s medical skills to be increasingly convincing.
“It doesn’t look good.” Kenan shook his head and sighed.
He said softly, “Ms. Marshall doesn’t have much time left. That brief improvement was just a terminal lucidity. Even if I put in my best effort, it wouldn’t help. There’s no way that this nobody can succeed where I can’t.”
“Is this kid just putting on an act?” Brian scratched his chin with a skeptical look.
“I’ve seen plenty of con artists in the martial world,” Kenan said disdainfully.
He added, “Their usual trick is to bluff as much as they can. If that doesn’t work, they just claim they did their best and collect some money for their ‘ efforts.’
“Don’t be fooled by his performance now, as his true intentions will become apparent soon.”
He thought that if he couldn’t cure the illness, why should they trust some young man in his 20s? He believed Dustin was probably just trying to make a quick buck.
But then again, this might turn out well for Kenan. If Alicia died, he could easily shift all the blame onto Dustin and avoid any repercussions.
With that realization, he sensed that this turn of events might actually work in his favor.
###Chapter 2234 by Marina Vittori
Aurora paced anxiously while Brian and Kenan whispered to each other. She wanted to ask questions but held back, worried it might distract Dustin and interfere with Alicia’s treatment.
At that moment, Grace stood silently by Dustin’s side and acted as his guardian.
As time passed, Alicia looked visibly uncomfortable and began sweating profusely. The black mist gradually surrounded her, and it soon enveloped Dustin.
Time dragged on until he finally opened his eyes and took a deep breath. A vortex of true energy swirled in his mouth as he absorbed the surrounding black mist. His complexion shifted from pale to flushed, and he frowned deeply.
Dustin absorbed most of the voodoo from Alicia’s body. Despite his strong cultivation and incredible resilience, he still felt the strain. Afterward, he placed his palms on her back.
She suddenly raised her head and spat out a mouthful of black blood before collapsing onto the bed.
“Alicia!” Brian’s expression changed as he rushed to check on her, but Grace blocked him.
“Dr. Rhys is treating her. No one is allowed to interfere,” she said coldly.
“Treating her? He just made her cough up blood. Move aside!” Brian shouted.
“She was expelling poisonous blood. This will speed up her recovery.”
“This is nonsense!” he said, seething. Alicia’s life is invaluable. If anything goes wrong, you will face the repercussions!”
“If you want her to recover, step back and let Dr. Rhys do his job.”
“Of course, I want her to recover. But I don’t trust this kid. Who knows what he’s up to?”
“I’m warning you for the last time. Back off, or you’ll regret it.”
“Hmph! Who are you to threaten me? Do you have any idea how easily I could kill you?” Brian glared at her menacingly.
“Try if you want,” Grace said indifferently.
“You’re asking for trouble!”
Just as Brian was about to make a move, Aurora suddenly stepped between them. “What’s going on? Alicia’s in critical condition, and you want to fight?” she scolded.
“Aurora, those treatments aren’t helping. He’s already made Alicia cough up blood. If this continues, she’ll die,” Brian said, trying to incite her.
Aurora glanced at Dustin, and for a moment, doubt flickered in her eyes. Yet, she swiftly reaffirmed her stance. ” I’ve brought Dr. Rhys here because I believe in his expertise. If anything goes wrong, I’ll take full responsibility.
She had placed all her hopes on Dustin and knew there was no turning back.
“Aurora…” Brian’s expression darkened.
He was ready to protest, but Aurora silenced him. “Enough! Alicia is my sister, and I’ll be the one to decide.”
“You must be out of your mind!” He sighed and was exasperated by her resolve. Yet, he reluctantly relented after seeing her unwavering determination.
Dustin ignored the troublesome Brian and focused on suppressing the raging voodoo within him. He lifted Alicia’s head with one hand and gave her the tablet he had prepared earlier.
The tablet wasn’t a conventional antidote but a poison. Given the urgency, the only way to counteract the voodoo was through poison-induced therapy.
He planned to use a risky technique involving two different poisons. By letting the poisons battle inside her body, they would neutralize each other quickly.
However, this method was dangerous, as a single mistake could be fatal. Dustin had to continuously use his mystical pure energy to protect Alicia’s pulse and prevent severe damage.
Once the poisons had nearly neutralized each other, he was ready to make his final move.
An ordinary doctor couldn’t manage such a complex procedure. Only someone of Dustin’s ultimate grandmaster caliber could attempt such a daring treatment.
As he had predicted, the poison and the voodoo in Alicia’s body clashed violently. They began to devour each other and caused her circulatory pathways and blood vessels to rupture. Consequently, Alicia’s nose started to bleed.
Despite his powerful true energy, Dustin couldn’t keep Alicia completely unscathed. He could only protect her main circulatory pathways as much as possible to prevent severe injury.
Ultimately, Alicia’s life depended on her will to survive.
###Chapter 2235 by Marina Vittori
As the two poisons battled fiercely within Alicia, blood trickled from her nose, and her body convulsed slightly.
Dustin kept his hand on her back as he continuously channeled mystical pure energy into her. Her circulatory pathways were damaged and repaired repeatedly in this process, which lasted about half an hour.
Eventually, the poisons were neutralized. Her body calmed, her expression relaxed, and the nosebleed stopped.
Though still pale, her steady pulse and smooth breathing indicated she was out of danger. Only then did Dustin slowly remove his hand and end the treatment.
“The voodoo in Alicia’s body has been cleared. She’s stable now, but she needs to rest and avoid strenuous activity,” Dustin said as he rose to his feet. He looked tired, drenched in sweat.
“Alicia… Is she really okay?” Aurora’s eyes widened with a mix of nervousness and hope.
“Why don’t you check for yourself?” he said, his words brief.
Dustin slumped onto a chair and gulped down the tea. No matter how strong he was, the prolonged use of his mystical pure energy had drained him.
Yet, he found solace in knowing his efforts had paid off and Alicia was safe.
Aurora took a deep breath and cautiously approached the bed to check on Alicia. She finally smiled when she felt her sister’s steady breathing and strong pulse.
“This is great! My sister has been cured. “Tears of joy welled up in her eyes.
She had sought Dustin’s help as a final resort but didn’t hold high expectations. To her astonishment, he successfully cured Alicia. This event reminded Aurora not to judge people hastily.
“Dustin, thank you so much.” Grace breathed a sigh of relief and was grateful for his efforts.
She knew the risks he took, and she wasn’t oblivious to his sacrifice. His commitment, driven partly by respect for her, deeply touched her. She knew he had willingly risked his life for her sake.
“There’s nothing more rewarding than saving a life, so the hard work was worth it,” Dustin replied with a faint smile.
“Is she cured?” Brian was taken aback and somewhat doubtful.
He immediately stepped forward to check Alicia’s pulse. His disbelief deepened as he felt her once weak pulse now strong and steady, akin to a healthy individual’s.
Brian pondered how this could be possible and questioned whether Dustin was a skilled doctor.
“Dr. Rhys… You’re a miracle worker!” Once Aurora confirmed that Alicia’s condition was stable, she promptly said to Dustin, “Thank you for saving my sister. Your kindness won’t be forgotten. We’ll make sure to provide anything you require!”
“I’m here because Ms. Linsor asked me to help treat Alicia. You should thank her.” Dustin redirected the praise toward Grace.
“Thank you so much, Faith.” Aurora clasped her hands in gratitude toward Grace. Any prejudice she had with Grace before was now replaced by deep gratitude.
“Don’t mention it. Alicia is a close friend of mine. How could I stand by when she’s in trouble?” Grace smiled.
“Regardless, both of you are the Celestial Alliance’s valued benefactor. Should you ever require assistance in the future, count on us to be there for you,” Aurora pledged sincerely.
“Wait…” Brian suddenly interjected and asked, “Alicia’s vital signs are stable, but why hasn’t she woken up yet? What’s the reason for that?”
Despite Dustin’s apparent success in saving Alicia, Brian couldn’t shake off his lingering doubts. He suspected that Dustin might have employed a deceptive tactic to create a temporary improvement in her condition to fool them.
“Her body is still weak. Although the voodoo has been dispelled, she still needs proper rest,” Dustin explained calmly.
“Hmph! That’s just your excuse. How do I know you’re not lying? What if Alicia never regains consciousness?” Brian eyed him suspiciously.
“What do you mean by that? Are you trying to pick a fight?” Dustin frowned.
He found Brian like an annoying fly, buzzing incessantly since Dustin started treating Alicia. Even after her recovery, Brian persisted in causing trouble, which only fueled Dustin’s frustration.
“I’m merely being cautious to prevent anyone from exploiting the situation,” Brian said as he feigned righteousness.
He added, “If what you claim is true and Alicia indeed wakes up today, I’ll gladly recognize your abilities and compensate you generously.”
Then, he threatened, “But if she doesn’t wake up, it will prove you’re a fraud, and you’ll have to deal with me!”
###Chapter 2236 by Marina Vittori
“Allow me to clarify something. Your approval isn’t necessary, nor is your gratitude,” Dustin stated calmly.
He continued, “Also, in matters of healing and saving lives, your interference is unwelcome. If you don’t agree, feel free to demonstrate the capabilities of the Celestial Alliance disciples.”
A cold glint flashed in his eyes as he spoke. He wasn’t typically one to engage in conflict, but Brian’s persistent provocations had tested his patience.
Dustin was confident he could handle Brian despite his waning true energy reserves.
“Oh, did I hit a nerve? Is that why you’re so worked up? I knew you were a fraud!” Brian sneered..
He added, “Trying to deceive us? Well, kid, you’ve messed with the wrong faction. Today, you’ll learn just how unforgiving we can be.”
With that warning, he made a sudden move and grabbed Dustin’s throat.
“Stop it!” Aurora’s expression paled as she attempted to step in, but it was too late. Brian’s strength overwhelmed her, and his unexpected attack on Dustin caught her off guard.
“Fool!” Dustin’s expression turned cold as he prepared to retaliate.
However, before he could act, a stunning figure stepped in. She wielded a silver hairpin and jabbed at Brian’s palm pressure points.
With a muffled groan, Brian recoiled from the sharp pain. He looked down to see blood seeping from where the hairpin had jabbed his palm.
“Huh?” Brian frowned and looked at Grace with a mixture of shock and disbelief.
His Adamantine Palm was renowned for its resilience against conventional assaults, so he didn’t feel the need to dodge. However, he was taken aback when she shattered his energy armor and pierced his Adamantine Palm with a mere silver hairpin.
Despite being armed, he knew underestimating her strength would be a grave mistake.
“We came to heal and save Alicia. Is this how the Celestial Alliance treats us? “Grace said coldly. Her expression was icy as blood dripped from the silver hairpin she held.
“Please accept our sincerest apologies. Brian acted impulsively, and I sincerely apologize for any offense caused. Please, don’t let this incident tarnish your view of us.”
Aurora turned to Dustin to express her regret before confronting Brian. “What were you thinking? Dr. Rhys saved Alicia’s life, and instead of showing gratitude, you’re planning to hurt him. Your actions have disgraced the Celestial Alliance.”
“Aurora! This guy is a fraud. He never cured Alicia’s illness. Don’t be fooled!” Brian hurriedly defended himself.
“Shut up!” Aurora snapped. “If we’re talking about frauds, shouldn’t we mention Dr. Quake, the one you invited?
“Despite treating Alicia for hours, he not only failed to cure her but nearly cost her life. If Dr. Rhys hadn’t arrived in time, my sister would probably be dead by now!”
Upon hearing that, Kenan, standing nearby, turned pale. He looked embarrassed and guilty.
“Aurora, you can’t judge so quickly. Alicia hasn’t woken up yet, so we can’t say she’s cured. What if her condition is just momentary? We need to be cautious,” Brian said seriously.
“What momentary? That’s nonsense! I may not be a medical expert, but I’m not blind!” Aurora retorted.
Since Alicia had vomited the poisonous blood, her complexion and overall condition had stabilized significantly. This was a stark contrast to the unpredictable fluctuations during
Kenan’s treatment.
Moreover, it was clear to everyone that Dustin had exhausted a lot of his true energy during the treatment. There was no way he was faking it.
“Unless this kid can wake Alicia up, all this talk is meaningless. I won’t trust his medical skills!” Brian insisted firmly.
“You… You’re being utterly unreasonable!” Aurora was visibly frustrated.
“Well, Mr. Stern raises a valid concern. In matters of life and death, there’s no margin for error. If Dr. Rhys is as competent as he claims, waking the patient shouldn’t be too difficult, right? “Kenan interjected unexpectedly.
“You quack doctor! Who asked for your opinion?” Aurora glared at him.
“Aurora, please show some respect!” Brian exclaimed. “Dr. Quake is a reputable figure in the medical community. While he may have slipped up this time, it doesn’t discredit his vast expertise.”
He asserted, “Moreover, his priority is Alicia’s well-being. We cannot afford to gamble with her ?afety!”
Aurora’s frown deepened as she hesitated.
Despite Brian’s overbearing demeanor, she understood he had a genuine concern for Alicia’s well-being. The uncertainty lingered until Alicia regained consciousness.
“Dr. Rhys, may I know how long it will take for Alicia to wake up?” she asked.
“Your sister is very weak right now. It’s typical for her to remain asleep for three to five days. The exact duration hinges on her physical well-being,” Dustin said calmly.
“Three to five days? Isn’t that a bit too long?” Aurora frowned.
“Do you hear that, Aurora? This kid is just trying to buy time. He’ll be long gone if we wait three to five days!” Brian incited from the sidelines.
“If you insist on waking up your sister now, there is a way. But it might prolong her recovery and lead to some lingering complications. The choice is yours,” Dustin said, letting her decide.
Alicia was still fragile, and forcing her awake would likely worsen her condition. If Aurora, as a family member, insisted on it, he wouldn’t oppose it.
After all, he had done everything he could; his conscience was clear.
###Chapter 2237 by Marina Vittori
Dustin’s words left Aurora feeling conflicted. While she had faith in his medical expertise, concern for Alicia’s health lingered.
It was a classic dilemma of prioritizing caution over potential regret. What if Alicia remained unconscious? What would their next move be?
“Aurora, I brought Dr. Rhys here, and I trusted him. Right now, Alicia needs rest. Forcing her awake won’t help,” Grace advised sincerely.
“Hmph! You two are obviously working together, of course, you’d say that!” Brian continued to stoke the fire.
He continued, “Aurora, don’t listen to their smooth talk. Your sister waking up is the only real solution. Everything else is just empty talk!”
“Exactly. A patient’s condition can change suddenly. Just because things seem stable doesn’t guarantee they’ll stay that way. Lives are on the line, and we need to proceed cautiously,” Kenan added as he echoed his support for Brian.
Kenan was a renowned doctor in the martial world. He felt his pride sting as a newcomer took over his spotlight. Given the opportunity, he vowed to reclaim his status without hesitation.
“Dr. Rhys, could you… awaken Alicia as soon as possible?” Aurora hesitated before making the request.
Despite Brian’s brashness, she felt a kernel of truth in his words.
“Sure. However, let me clarify that if there are any complications after your sister awakes, I can’t be held accountable,” Dustin stated calmly.
“Hmph! Enough with the scare tactics! I’ll take full responsibility for whatever happens as long as Alicia wakes up!” Brian retorted defiantly.
“Dr. Rhys, I’m curious to see whether you’re a rising star or just another pretender,” Kenan quipped sarcastically.
Dustin nodded and said nothing. He returned to Alicia’s bedside and extracted a silver needle. Then, he swiftly jabbed it into her forehead.
The trembling silver needle transmitted wisps of mystical pure energy into her. Instantly, discomfort clouded her features, and her eyelids twitched.
Despite her weakened state, the abrupt awakening instinctively triggered resistance. This was evident in the rapid movement beneath her closed eyelids.
Three minutes later, Dustin removed the silver needle and exhaled. “Almost there. In about half an hour, your sister Alicia will wake up.”
“Hmph! This is all just for show! I don’t believe you have the skill.” Brian sneered.
“Believe what you want. I’ve done my part. Whatever happens next, it’s on you,” Dustin said impassively.
He had removed the voodoo from Alicia and fulfilled Grace’s request. Any aftermath was beyond his concern.
“Alright, I’m tired. I’m heading back to rest. You guys keep an eye on her.” Dustin yawned as he turned to leave.
“Stop right there!” Brian demanded as he blocked him with a fierce expression. “Kid, who said you could leave? I told you clearly, you’re not going anywhere until Alicia wakes up!”
“I told you, she’ll wake up within half an hour. Can’t you understand plain language?” Dustin’s patience was wearing thin.
“Don’t give me that ‘half an hour’ nonsense! I won’t accept it, not even for a second.”
“Move aside, or don’t blame me for what happens next.” Dustin’s tone turned icy.
He had been eyeing Brian with disdain for a while. If the man didn’t start showing some respect, Dustin wouldn’t hesitate to teach him a lesson.
“What’s the matter? Feeling guilty and thinking of running away? Well, let me tell you, that’s not an option!” Brian threatened. “If anything happens to Alicia, I’ll make sure you pay with your life!”
“My life? Do you even have the nerve?” Dustin countered.
“Hmph! You arrogant fool, today I’ll show you what the Celestial Alliance is capable of!” Brian’s expression turned icy as he prepared to take action.
Suddenly, Alicia, lying on the bed, moaned softly and opened her eyes.
Brian was stunned, at a loss for words, at the sight.
“Alicia’s awake! She’s finally awake!” Aurora exclaimed. She was brimming with joy and marveled at Dustin’s ability to awaken her sister.
“She’s awake? How is that possible?” Kenan was dumbfounded.
He had long suspected Dustin of using deceitful tactics, but Alicia waking up shattered his doubts. It became evident that Dustin possessed genuine skills he wasn’t a fraud.
The realization that Kenan, a renowned skilled doctor, paled compared to Dustin left him surprised and deeply embarrassed. He reluctantly admitted that Dustin’s skills were better than his.
“Mr. Stern, you wished for Alicia to wake up, right? Well, there you have it. Any doubts about Dr. Rhys’s medical prowess now?” Grace’s gaze bore into Brian. He was flustered and speechless.
###Chapter 2238 by Marina Vittori
Brian’s face displayed confusion and embarrassment as Alicia stirred awake. Although her regaining consciousness surprised him, the bruise on his ego stung him even more.
The way Dustin and Grace eyed him only made him feel more like a fool. Now that Alicia was awake, everything he had done before seemed like a farce, and he had never felt so humiliated.
At that moment, his hatred toward Dustin and Grace reached its peak.
“Alicia, how are you feeling? Do you feel any discomfort?” Aurora asked, leaning in with concern.
“My head’s throbbing…” Alicia grimaced and massaged her temples. Then, she asked, “Why am I here? What happened?”
She felt disoriented. Her mind was shrouded in fog, and she had no memory of what had happened, which left her utterly bewildered.
“You were poisoned and in critical condition. Faith and Dr. Rhys came to your aid just in time, or you might not have made it,” Aurora recounted the harrowing experience.
Upon hearing that, Alicia’s gaze shifted to Grace, and she was surprised to see her. “Faith, what brings you here?”
“I heard about your illness and brought a skilled doctor with me. Luckily, we arrived just in time. Otherwise, who knows what might have happened.” Grace smiled faintly.
“That’s very thoughtful of you.” Alicia returned the smile before turning her attention to Dustin. “So, you’re Dr. Rhys? Thank you for saving my life. If you ever need anything, just let me know.”
“No need to thank me. I acted at Faith’s behest,” Dustin replied promptly.
“Oh? Looks like there’s more going on between Dr. Rhys and Faith,” Alicia teased and winked at Grace.
“Even in your state, you’re cracking jokes? Just lie down and get some rest,” Grace responded in exasperation.
“I’ve been stuck in bed for days. If I don’t move, I’ll fall apart. I need to get up and move around,” Alicia insisted with a faint smile as she rose from the bed.
However, she felt dizzy, and her whole body began to sway.
“Take it easy,” Aurora said as she supported her sister.
“I’m okay,” Alicia dismissed Aurora’s concern, closing her eyes briefly and taking a deep breath.
After the dizziness passed, she opened her eyes with a smile. “Just stood up too fast and felt light-headed. Nothing serious.”
“Ms. Marshall, I need to be honest with you. The poison affecting you isn’t ordinary. It’s a potent form of voodoo,” Dustin stated thoughtfully.
He continued, “The person behind this is a highly skilled mystic artist. While I might be able to save you once, doing it again could be dangerous. To protect yourself, we must locate this person and either make them an ally or kill them.”
“Alicia, have you recently offended anyone? Or perhaps had any past conflicts with someone?” Grace asked tentatively.
“Offended anyone?” Alicia frowned and pondered before shaking her head.
She added, “I don’t usually go out much. But I heard about the Combat Tournament at Sacred Wrym Summit, so I decided to join in for fun. I’ve been sightseeing along the way and didn’t cause any trouble with anyone.”
“That’s strange,” Grace remarked. She turned to Dustin, who nodded in response.
Though no words were exchanged, they both understood each other’s thoughts. If it wasn’t revenge, it was likely a scheme from the Hall of Gods.
They intended to use Alicia’s death to incite a war between the Mystic Arts Order and the Celestial Alliance. Thereby, the Hall of Gods would benefit from the ensuing chaos.
“Wait! I remember now!” Alicia suddenly exclaimed as if recalling something.
She raised her voice and said, “A few days ago, a strangely dressed person approached me and asked for directions. I caught a whiff of a peculiar scent during the conversation.
“I didn’t think much of it at the time. But shortly after, I passed out. Could it be that person used voodoo on me?”
“It’s possible.” Dustin nodded.
“Do you still remember that person’s features?” Grace asked.
“Yes, I do. I could even sketch it.” Alicia turned to Aurora and said, “Could youfetch some paper and a pen?” “Sure thing,” Aurora replied and quickly left. Soon, she returned with the supplies.
Alicia paused to think before drawing. Soon, a clear portrait emerged before everyone.
Dustin was impressed by the exquisite artwork.
The ability to remember someone’s features after just one encounter and sketch them out so accurately was genuinely remarkable.
“Here, this is the guy.” Alicia handed the sketch to Grace.
Grace glanced at it and passed it to Dustin, who then handed it to Aurora.
The sketch showed a man in his 40s with an unremarkable appearance. Without Alicia’s sharp memory, recalling such an ordinary face would have been difficult.
“Hey! Get this sketch photographed and send it to all nearby members of the Celestial Alliance. We need to catch this guy within three days!” Aurora promptly ordered.
Whoever dared to harm Alicia would face severe consequences, no matter who they were.
###Chapter 2239 by Marina Vittori
“Alicia, the person you’re seeking is a highly skilled mystic artist with formidable powers and used cunning methods. You need to be careful,” Grace warned.
“Don’t worry. The Celestial Alliance has extensive surveillance and a team of elite fighters. Once we find his whereabouts, we’ll mobilize and capture him. He won’t slip away,” Aurora assured confidently.
“You’ve already saved my life, Faith. So, you don’t need to stress about capturing the perpetrator,” Alicia said with a smile.
“Looks like I’ve been worrying too much.” Grace nodded, acknowledging their abilities.
The Celestial Alliance wasn’t to be underestimated. Once they gathered their elite fighters, capturing a mystic artist should be relatively easy. Even the Hall of Gods wouldn’t dare to confront them head-on in Dragonmarsh.
“Dr. Rhys, you saved my life. I should properly thank you. What can I do to repay you?” Alicia asked.
She disliked being indebted to anyone. But since Dustin had saved her, she felt obligated to repay him generously.
“You don’t have to thank me. If anyone deserves gratitude, it’s Faith. I don’t need any reward,” Dustin replied.
“Okay. Since we’re all friends, there’s no need for formality. If you want to show your appreciation, just treat us to a meal. I’m starving,” Grace said with a smile.
“Alright. Let’s enjoy a meal together,” Alicia agreed.
Then, she turned to Aurora. “Please tell Martha to prepare a lavish dinner and bring out the finest wine from our collection. We’re hosting special guests tonight.”
“No problem,” Aurora replied and promptly left the room.
As the sun dipped below the horizon, night descended. A luminous full moon illuminated the sky, casting a silver sheen over the lake.
Lights illuminated every corner of the villa, and the housekeepers bustled about. In less than an hour, a spread of fine wines and dishes were laid out on the table.
Dustin and Grace were offered the seats of honor, while Kenan had already departed from the villa in embarrassment.
“Here’s to you, Dr. Rhys and Faith,” Alicia said enthusiastically. She poured wine for everyone before standing up and raising her glass in a toast.
“You’ve only just recovered, and it’s not wise for you to drink,” Dustin stated firmly.
“Huh?” She paused and hesitantly asked, “Not even a small amount?”
“No.” He shook his head.
“But…” Alicia was speechless. She loved drinking, particularly with close friends, and the thought of not having a few drinks was torturous.
“Come on, Alicia. Dr. Rhys is right. It’s not the best time for alcohol with your health. How about some tea instead?” Aurora signaled for a pot of tea to be brought over and reached for Alicia’s wine glass.
Despite Aurora’s attempts, Alicia held onto her glass firmly and looked reluctant. “I won’t drink it, but can’t I just keep it nearby to savor the aroma?”
“Why put yourself through this?” Aurora rolled her eyes. “I know how much you enjoy drinking. Just smelling it will only intensify your cravings. You’ll eventually give in.”
“Alicia, your health should come first. There will be many opportunities to drink in the future,” Grace chimed in with a smile as she tried to persuade her.
“Well, okay…” Alicia relented. With that, she set down her wine glass and reached for her tea cup.
The tea had an exquisite aroma and richness that hinted at its premium quality. However, despite its apparent quality, it tasted dull to her palate. Plus, the inability to indulge in the wine before her seemed like torture.
While observing her sister, Aurora tactfully changed the topic. “Dr. Rhys, you possess such impressive medical skills at such a young age. Have you ever considered joining our faction?” Aurora asked.
“I’m more of a free spirit and prefer to chart my own course. I don’t have any intentions of joining any particular faction.” Dustin shook his head and declined politely.
“But we have a lot to offer. Joining us would ensure you’re well-supported. Wouldn’t you reconsider?” Aurora insisted.
“Yes, Dr. Rhys. Your talents would be a valuable addition to our faction. Should you be interested, I can offer you a consulting position,” Alicia proposed.
“What? A consultant?” Brian finally spoke up. “Alicia, are you serious? A consultant in the Celestial Alliance holds almost as much power as an elder. Does this kid truly warrant such a position?”
Brian had only reached the status of principal disciple. While he held some authority, it was nothing compared to a consultant’s. He couldn’t accept Dustin becoming the Celestial Alliance’s consultant.
“Why not?” Alicia responded firmly. ” You’ve witnessed Dr. Rhys’s prowess in medicine. Even Dr. Quake acknowledges his superiority.
“Besides, Dr. Rhys is exceptionally young with boundless potential. A medical prodigy like him is precisely what our faction requires. Granting him the status of the consultant is entirely fitting.”
“I beg to differ,” Brian argued.
He continued, “Our faction has always valued strength above all. This kid’s expertise lies solely in medicine, and he doesn’t fit the criteria of a consultant. If word of this gets out, it’ll be met with widespread disapproval.”
###Chapter 2240 by Marina Vittori
“We set the criteria, and they can be changed at any time. Considering Dr. Rhys’ exceptional talent, we should give him special attention,” Alicia asserted firmly.
“Exactly!” Aurora chimed in. “Dr. Rhys not only has remarkable medical skills but also saved Alicia’s life. Offering him a consultancy position is the least we can do.”
At first, she had reservations about Dustin and doubted his abilities due to his age. However, her perspective changed after he cured Alicia.
A young doctor with skills surpassing even Kenan’s was a valuable asset anywhere.
“Alicia, Aurora! Rules are in place for a reason. If we start bending them for one person, how can our faction maintain its credibility?” Brian argued.
He added, “Moreover, only the elders and the guildmaster have the authority to appoint a consultant. Neither you nor I have the power to make that decision.”
“My dad values talent. If he knew about Dr. Rhys’ abilities, he would certainly support us,” Alicia insisted.
Though the Celestial Alliance had many martial artists, they lacked people with exceptional talents like Dustin’s. A skilled doctor capable of miraculous feats was precisely the type of recruit they sought.
“Alicia! You…” Brian’s agitation propelled him to his feet. Before he could speak, shouts and chaos erupted from outside.
Everyone exchanged puzzled glances.
“What’s happening outside?” Brian shouted furiously.
Then, a disciple of the Celestial Alliance clad in blue hurried in. “Brian, we have a problem! We’re suddenly surrounded by a group of assassins.”
“Assassins?” Brian’s frown deepened, and he growled, “Who are these people? How dare they challenge us? Do they have a death wish?”
“They’re all dressed in black, and they’re masked. We can’t identify them, but they’re clearly well-prepared and powerful,” the disciple reported promptly.
Upon hearing that, Dustin and Grace exchanged glances, silently acknowledging their shared concern.
“Fools! How dare they cause trouble in our territory! I’ll teach them a lesson they won’t forget!” Brian’s anger flared.
He was already in a bad mood, and these intruders provided him with an opportunity to vent his frustration.
“There are too many of them, and we’re outnumbered. It might not be wise to confront them directly. Shouldn’t we consider retreating?” the disciple suggested.
The Celestial Alliance’s elite fighters have all been deployed to pursue the mystic artist. Given the villa’s weakened defenses, engaging the assassins head-on wouldn’t be advisable.
“Retreat?” Brian’s expression turned icy.
He slapped the disciple and seethed, ” Pathetic! We’ve ruled the martial world for years. We’ve never backed down. Are you afraid of a few assassins? You disgrace the Celestial Alliance!”
“I… I was just worried about the safety of Ms. Alicia and Ms. Aurora,” the disciple mumbled. His head was lowered, and he tried to explain.
“Ha! With me here, Alicia and the others are perfectly safe. After all, it’s just a group of assassins. I can easily crush them. Lead the way!” Brian shouted.
“Okay.” The disciple refrained from further comments and promptly escorted Brian outside to face the threat.
“Alicia, should we call for reinforcements?” Aurora asked tentatively.
“No. Brian can easily handle any regular assassins. Let’s just sit back and watch,” Alicia shook her head.
It was the first time someone had dared to attack the Celestial Alliance’s territory, and she couldn’t help but feel curious.
“Faith, Dr. Rhys, it’s dangerous out there. Perhaps you should consider taking refuge in the secret room?”
Aurora suggested to Grace and Dustin.
There was a secret room beneath the villa. It was impenetrable, and even a grandmaster martial artist would struggle to breach it. Therefore, it served as an ideal place to seek shelter.
“That won’t be necessary. We’re also curious about what’s going on.” Grace
smiled faintly.
Aurora glanced at Alicia as she silently sought her sister’s input.
“Don’t worry. Faith has the skills to defend herself. If things get out of hand, she can take care of herself,” Alicia reassured with a smile.
While others may not have been aware, Alicia knew that beneath Grace’s gentle exterior lay a skilled martial artist. Grace was anything but the fragile figure she appeared to be.
“Alright then.” Aurora nodded and chose not to dwell further on the matter.
Soon, they exited the dining room and followed Brian’s lead toward the source of the commotion.
Beyond the villa gates, Celestial Alliance disciples clashed with a group of black-clad assassins, who quickly gained the upper hand in numbers and strength.
Forced into a defensive stance, the Celestial Alliance disciples could only withdraw.
In that critical moment, the assassins pushed forward and intensified their assault as they penetrated the villa’s defenses.
“Stand aside! Let me handle this!”
Suddenly, a thunderous roar reverberated. Brian emerged with a massive halberd and stepped forward boldly.
###Chapter 2241 by Marina Vittori
When Brian approached, the Celestial Alliance disciples quickly stepped aside to make way for him.
As the chief senior disciple, his strength was undeniable. In his 30s, he was already a grandmaster martial artist and held in high esteem within the Celestial Alliance.
If not for Fenley’s exceptional talents, Brian might’ve been considered for the position of the guildmaster’s successor.
“Hmph! They’re nothing but clowns and unworthy of my attention.” With a halberd in hand, Brian strode past the crowd
His expression was cold, and he said arrogantly, “Listen up! I don’t care who you are or what you want. Trespassing on our territory is a serious offense.
“I’m giving you the chance to surrender. If you don’t, you have only yourselves to blame for what happens next.”
The assassins’ leader made a silent hand gesture in response. Then, the assassins surrounded Brian and looked at him with deadly intent.
“Protect Brian!” The disciples of the Celestial Alliance were about to intervene, but Brian raised his hand to stop them. “No one moves. I can handle this trash alone!”
The disciples exchanged looks but ultimately backed off. They couldn’t defy Brian’s orders, so they stood in wait.
“I’m offering you a chance to escape, yet you insist on fighting. It appears you’re determined to learn it the hard way!” Brian’s expression grew grim.
He leisurely brought his halberd forward, revealing its imposing size and the intricate golden dragon etched upon it. In the moon’s glow, the dragon appeared almost animate, and its claws extended with a chilling gleam.
“Attack!” The assassins’ leader commanded. It was direct and to the point.
“Attack!” A squadron of assassins dressed in black charged forward with their weapons drawn.
Suddenly, the atmosphere resonated with the clash of metal and the intensity of their energy.
“Ember Strike!” Brian sneered.
He opted to advance rather than retreat. With determined strides, he dragged his halberd along the ground before lifting it with one hand and unleashing a swift horizontal slash.
A colossal crescent-shaped blade aura burst forth, which carried a terrifying lethality as it clashed with the approaching assassins.
The assassins didn’t retreat. Instead, they raised their weapons to counter the blade aura.
With a series of explosive sounds, their weapons shattered upon contact, and the shockwave sent them reeling. Before they could react, Brian’s blade aura had already pierced through their chests.
They only saw a flash passed before their eyes.
Several assassins at the front were instantly dismembered. Blood splattered everywhere, and severed limbs scattered across the ground.
Everyone was left dumbfounded as they watched the scene unfold.
“Holy crap! Is this what Brian is capable of? It’s absolutely frightening.”
“I’ve heard rumors of him being a grandmaster martial artist. But witnessing it firsthand, I can attest to its truth.”
“No wonder he didn’t want us to interfere. With his prowess, taking down these assassins is child’s play.”
After a moment of shock, the Celestial Alliance disciples were ecstatic.
They knew Brian was formidable, but they hadn’t fully grasped the extent of his power. With just one stroke, he had dispatched more than a dozen skilled assassins, which left them in awe.
“It’s been a while since I’ve seen Brian in action, and it seems like he’s only gotten better,” Alicia remarked upon arriving and witnessing his prowess.
“Considering his current prowess, he should easily rank among the top three in the young generation of the Celestial Alliance, right?” Aurora narrowed her eyes thoughtfully.
“Yes. He could easily ascend to the position of guardian within our sect if he chose to. However, it appears he has other aspirations.” Alicia shook her head.
“His hesitation to advance is because of you,” Aurora teased with a knowing smile.
She continued, “If he remains as the principal disciple, he could seek Dad’s permission to propose to you. But if he were to become a guardian, the situation would change.”
The Celestial Alliance strictly adhered to hierarchy, with clearly defined relationships between different ranks.
As the principal disciple, Brian referred to Alloy as “Mentor.” However, if Brian were to be promoted to guardian, he would be required to address Alloy as Guildmaster,” which indicated a significant change in their relationship.
“Rascal! Don’t talk nonsense!” Alicia glared at her sister, then looked thoughtfully at Brian’s figure. “His interests go beyond just romantic pursuits. There’s a powerful ambition within him.”
She knew that while his attentiveness seemed genuine, it was more about her status than affection.
Despite appearing indifferent to fame and fortune, Brian had greater ambitions than anyone else. He wasn’t content with the role of guardian, and she could tell he was aiming for the highest position.
###Chapter 2242 by Marina Vittori
Brian’s lethal strike sent a chilling message to the group of assassins.
Despite their numbers, around 30 or 40 carefully chosen elites, nearly half of them were killed with just one blow.
Brian’s formidable strength instilled fear in the remaining assassins.
Prior to their arrival, the assassins had gathered intelligence that the elite fighters of the nearby Celestial Alliance had been deployed elsewhere.
Seeing the vulnerability in the defenses surrounding Alicia and Aurora, they perceived an opportunity for assassination. Unbeknownst to them, a young powerhouse lay concealed within the villa.
After delivering the strike, Brian forcefully drove the handle of his halberd into the ground, creating a crater between them.
“Who else dares to step forward and face their end?” he demanded coldly,
His words resounded like thunder and caused the assassins to recoil instinctively.
“Hmph! You fools dare to act recklessly on the Celestial Alliance’s territory. Who gave you the audacity?” Brian continued to taunt. It was as if he was a lone defender against an unbreakable force.
He bellowed, “Here’s your chance. Get down on your knees, surrender, and reveal the mastermind. Perhaps I’ll spare your lives. Otherwise, expect no mercy.”
“At such a young age, your voice certainly carries quite a presence!”
Suddenly, a wise and authoritative voice sounded out of thin air. It commanded attention despite its volume, which overshadowed Brian’s words and was clearly heard by everyone.
“Who’s there? Hiding in the shadows doesn’t make you a hero. Show yourself!” Brian’s sharp gaze scanned the surroundings.
“I am directly above you. Did you not notice me?”
As the voice sounded again, a figure clad in black, with a head full of white hair and a ghostly mask, descended from the treetops. Silent and stealthy like a phantom, Shadowcloak landed without a sound.
If Shadowcloak hadn’t chosen to reveal himself, Brian would have remained unaware of the presence hidden above him. The ability to conceal one’s presence so skillfully was often a hallmark of elite assassins.
“Who are you? State your name!” Brian shouted.
His eyes narrowed as he instinctively aimed his halberd at Shadowcloak. He deduced that anyone capable of eluding his perception and senses must be an elite assassin.
“Who I am is none of your concern. If you don’t want to die, step aside right now. Otherwise, I won’t mind adding one more soul to my collection,” Shadowcloak said indifferently.
Despite his calm demeanor, his words dripped with arrogance.
“Hmph! Who do you think you are to speak with such audacity? Today, I’ll test your true abilities!”
Brian kicked the handle of his halberd and sent it spinning into the air. He caught it with one hand and thrust it at Shadowcloak.
Despite the halberd’s bulkiness, it felt weightless in Brian’s grasp, and his thrust was incredibly fast. Most opponents wouldn’t have time to react.
“Rookie skills.” Shadowcloak scoffed with his hands behind his back.
As the halberd thrust approached, he tapped his toes lightly on the ground. Then, he transformed into a wisp of smoke and vanished from sight. In the blink of an eye, he reappeared five yards away.
“Your attacks are too slow, and you couldn’t lay a finger on me,”
Shadowcloak taunted disdainfully and shook his head. His arrogant demeanor made it clear he didn’t see Brian as a threat.
“Slow?” Brian’s eyes narrowed, and a surge of deadly intent flashed through them. “You’re about to understand the meaning of fast.”
He gripped his blade’s hilt tightly with both hands and felt his grandmaster’s internal energy surge wildly within him. Instantly, his muscles bulged, and veins stood out on his arms.
“Die!” With a burst of speed, Brian propelled himself forward like a lightning bolt. His halberd arced high over his head before crashing down heavily toward Shadowcloak.
The strike was swift and powerful, with a tremendous impact. All anyone could perceive was a blur. In the blink of an eye, Brian’s halberd cleaved through Shadowcloak from top to bottom.
The others were shocked by the spectacle.
“Damn! Did he just take him out in a split second?”
“It’s no surprise he’s the principal disciple! His skill is remarkable!”
“I thought that assassin was tough, but Brian made it look easy. What a joke!”
The Celestial Alliance disciples were amazed and impressed again by Brian’s strength.
But while they cheered, Brian’s expression remained solemn and devoid of any joy in victory. When his strike connected, it felt as though he encountered no resistance, as if he had sliced through nothingness.
“That was a decent hit but too slow,” a ghostly voice echoed.
Everyone looked up in shock.
Shadowcloak, apparently cleaved in two by Brian, slowly dissipated into thin air and transformed into a wisp of smoke. Simultaneously, the air ahead distorted, and Shadowcloak materialized seemingly out of nowhere.
The eerie spectacle sent shivers down everyone’s spines. They couldn’t discern whether Shadowcloak was human or a ghost.
###Chapter 2243 by Marina Vittori
“What the heck? Didn’t Brian just land a blow? How is that man still standing?
“He’s too fast. Brian’s sword seemed to hit, but it only struck the man’s afterimage.”
“Damn! Who is this guy? Pulling off moves like some ghost.”
The Celestial Alliance disciples were stunned to see Shadowcloak emerge unharmed.
Brian was a master martial artist, and his strikes were incredibly swift. Yet, he didn’t even graze Shadowcloak, which bewildered them.
They had never witnessed such fluid movements. It was as if he was teleporting, which made it impossible to track.
“Alicia, can you decipher that elderly man’s techniques?” Aurora asked with a deep frown, and her expression turned serious. She prided herself on keen observation, yet she struggled to follow Shadowcloak’s movements.
“He’s too fast, and I couldn’t see clearly.” Alicia shook her head. Then, she said somberly, “It looks like Brian has met his match today.”
Even among grandmaster martial artists, there were differences in skill.
Just from Shadowcloak’s evasive maneuvers, it was clear he outmatched Brian. Unless Brian had some hidden tactics, it would be tough to gain the upper hand.
Suddenly, Grace whispered, “Dustin, did you notice anything strange about that elderly man?”
“You mean his technique?” He raised an eyebrow.
“Yes, his techniques are remarkable. But his energy fluctuates unpredictably, sometimes solid as a rock, other times light as a feather. It’s contradictory,” she said thoughtfully.
Typically, one’s appearance might change, but their energy waves were challenging to manipulate. For discerning martial artists, energy waves could swiftly unveil a person’s prowess.
However, Shadowcloak was an exception. His energy fluctuated unpredictably, appearing strong one moment and weak the next. This inconsistency made it difficult for others to assess his true strength accurately.
“I’ve noticed it too.” Dustin nodded.
He continued, “Given the circumstances, there are only two potential explanations. Either this man possesses an incomprehensible level of strength, which enables him to manipulate his energy waves at will. Or he’s just a master of disguise without real strength.”
In the martial world, some martial artists spent decades perfecting a single skill. While they might achieve mastery in one aspect, they often struggle in others.
For instance, a martial artist might possess tremendous strength but lack agility, speed, or technique. Great power alone didn’t equate to overall prowess. Even with tremendous strength, if they couldn’t land a hit, it was useless.
Such specialists have clear strengths but also significant weaknesses. If Shadowcloak were truly a well- rounded expert, that would be noteworthy. However, if he had been just an extreme specialist focused on agility, then the fight could have been interesting.
“Young man, you’re quite powerful. But you’re still miles behind compared to me,” Shadowcloak spoke again. “I appreciate your talent and don’t wish to kill you. Step aside now, and I’ll spare your life.”
“Hmph! If you seek a fight, then let’s engage in one. Enough with the chatters. Take this.” Brian was infuriated by his two failed strikes. So, he swung his halberd again.
Shadowcloak stood calmly with his hands behind his back. As the weapon swung toward him, he lightly tapped his toe and soared into the air.
“Go to hell!” Brian’s gaze narrowed as he shifted his attack from a horizontal swing to an upward thrust, which aimed directly at Shadowcloak’s groin.
As Shadowcloak hovered mid-air and had no place to dodge, Brian saw his chance for a decisive strike.
Despite acknowledging Shadowcloak’s formidable strength, Brian also discerned a flaw in his opponent’s arrogance, which ultimately left him vulnerable. It appeared that Shadowcloak had inadvertently set the stage for his own demise.
Just as Brian poised to deliver what seemed to be a fatal blow, Shadowcloak’s form abruptly erupted into a swirling cloud of dark mist and dispersed into the air. Brian’s blade sliced through empty air again.
“You’re moving at a snail’s pace. With that kind of sluggishness, do you even think you can land a hit on me?” The voice echoed from above.
All eyes turned upward to see Shadowcloak, who had transformed into dark mist and was now perched atop a tree. He stood there with his hands casually tucked behind his back. His white hair billowed in the breeze, and his form swayed.
His demeanor exuded a sense of detachment and superiority. It was particularly evident in his disdainful gaze, which only served to stoke Brian’s fury further.
“Argh!” Brian couldn’t contain his anger, and his eyes turned bloodshot. He lunged forward with his halberd aimed at the tree.
A tremendous blade aura erupted as it swiftly penetrated the tree and relentlessly slammed into the wall.
A thunderous noise reverberated as the wall, standing several feet high, collapsed. Debris scattered and enveloped everything in swirling clouds of dust. With a sharp crack, the tree, cleaved in half by the blade aura, crashed down.
The crowd scattered in shock.
As for Shadowcloak, perched on the treetop, he had vanished without a trace.
Brian’s strike had once again missed its mark.
###Chapter 2244 by Marina Vittori
“Come out! Get out here now!” Brian’s fury intensified as he repeatedly missed his target.
His eyes blazed with rage as he swung his halberd wildly. Blade aura shot out from his weapon and shredded everything within a 65-foot radius.
The Celestial Alliance disciples were terrified and instantly retreated to avoid being caught in the mayhem.
Brian had lost control as he attacked indiscriminately and disregarded the potential harm to anyone nearby. Those in close proximity were at serious risk of being hit by mistake.
“Argh! Show yourself, coward!” he yelled. His eyes were ablaze with fury as his attacks grew more frantic.
“Young man, you’re too sluggish. You can’t even discern my true form. How do you expect to challenge me?”
Shadowcloak’s laughter echoed all around, shifting in direction and distance, which made it impossible to pinpoint his location.
The taunting laughter only fueled Brian’s fury and drove him to the brink of madness.
Suddenly, Shadowcloak appeared ten yards to Brian’s left.
“I’ll kill you!” Brian roared. He charged without hesitation and swung his halberd down hard.
With a loud bang, Shadowcloak vanished just before Brian’s blade struck and left a deep gash in the ground where he had been standing earlier.
“I’m here,” Shadowcloak’s voice echoed from behind.
Brian turned around and swung his blade, only to find it pass through nothing but Shadowcloak’s lingering afterimage.
“Hey, who are you swinging at? I’m right behind you,” Shadowcloak taunted.
He added, “Oops, missed again. I’m actually on your left. You’re too slow. It’s hard to believe you’re the chief senior disciple of the Celestial Alliance. You’re quite a letdown.”
Shadowcloak’s mocking voice seemed to come from all directions. His form darted around Brian like a phantom, appearing first on his left, then on his right, which was impossible to predict.
Consumed by rage and losing his rationality, Brian struck out wildly like a frenzied animal. Yet he couldn’t land a single blow. His cries of frustration echoed through the courtyard.
The Celestial Alliance disciples watched, and their expressions clouded with a mixture of shame and fear. Brian was being toyed with, and they were powerless to help.
“Alicia, this isn’t looking good. If Brian keeps this up, he’ll exhaust himself without even touching that man.”
Aurora frowned as she watched his frantic and ineffective attacks wreaking havoc in the front yard.
“He is beyond reasoning now. There’s no stopping him.” Alicia sighed and shook her head.
Despite his talent and strength, Brian was known for his volatile temper. When provoked, he would lose all sense of control and indiscriminately lash out even at those trying to help.
“So, what do we do? Just stand here and watch him burn out?” Aurora was baffled.
“Dr. Rhys.” Alicia suddenly turned to Dustin. “Your medical skills are extraordinary. Do you have any way to calm Brian down quickly?”
“Calm him down?” Dustin arched an eyebrow. He pondered momentarily and nodded. “Yes, I do.”
“Really?” Her face lit up. “Please, help Brian immediately.”
“Are you sure?” Dustin asked.
“Yes.” She nodded. “He looks exhausted. If he keeps getting agitated, he’ll wear himself out. We really need your help.”
“I can help, but you’ll need to deal with any consequences,” Dustin replied.
“No problem!” Alicia agreed instantly.
“Okay, I’ll take care of him.” Then, Dustin swiftly approached Brian from behind. Suddenly, he delivered a precise hit to the back of his neck.
Brian’s eyes glazed over, and he slumped unconscious to the ground.
“Done.” Dustin dusted off his hands and returned to Grace’s side.
“Huh?”
Alicia, Aurora, and the others were shocked. They hadn’t expected Dustin’s approach to handling Brian to result in him being knocked unconscious.
“Dr. Rhys, is this your method of calming someone down?” Alicia glanced incredulously from the unconscious Brian to Dustin.
“Well, isn’t this method quick and effective?” Dustin said with a straight face.
“Uh…” Alicia’s eyes twitched. She was momentarily at a loss for words.
###Chapter 2245 by Marina Vittori
Dustin’s method was quick and effective, but the approach was unexpected.
Alicia wanted Brian to swiftly regain composure to prevent him from succumbing to exhaustion. She understood that if Brian were incapacitated, no one would be able to confront Shadowcloak.
However, she hadn’t anticipated Dustin would knock Brian unconscious. While it resolved the immediate issue, it left Alicia pondering the implications.
“Brian!”
After a moment of stunned silence, the Celestial Alliance disciples hurried to lift the unconscious Brian and move him away. Despite their attempts to rouse him by shaking and calling out to him, Brian remained sound asleep.
“Dr. Rhys, you knocked him out. So, who is going to deal with the assassins now?” Aurora frowned and felt a headache coming on.
“You only asked me to calm him down quickly. You didn’t say that he had to stay conscious.” Dustin shrugged.
“Uh… well, can you wake him up?” Alicia asked.
“Sure.” Dustin nodded.
“We’d be grateful if you could wake him up,” Alicia breathed a sigh of relief. As long as Brian awakened, they stood a chance to confront Shadowcloak and the assassins.
“Okay,” Dustin responded and promptly pulled out his silver needles.
“Wait!” Aurora interjected cautiously. ” Dr. Rhys, are you certain this won’t go wrong again?”
“It won’t. Trust me, I’ve done this before,” Dustin said confidently.
“Okay then,” Aurora said with a relieved smile.
“Here we go,” Dustin said. He held a silver needle between his fingers and swiftly inserted it above Brian’s upper lip.
Brian’s eyes snapped open, and he sprang to his feet. “Kill! I’m going to kill all of you!” he shouted frantically. With his halberd in hand, he swung it wildly as if in a frenzy.
Aurora’s face turned pale with fear at the sight. She quickly copied Dustin’s earlier move and delivered a sharp blow to the back of Brian’s neck. He groaned and collapsed again.
“That was close. It could’ve been disastrous.” She breathed a sigh of relief and looked at Brian, now lying peacefully.
Given Brian’s strength, she knew no one could have stopped him if he had gone on a rampage.
“Aurora…” Alicia was shocked. She felt that knocking him out again right after he woke up seemed extreme.
“Yeah, Alicia, but what choice did we have? Brian hadn’t calmed down yet,” Aurora replied helplessly. If they let him lose control, countless people could have been hurt.
“It’s strange, though. Brian may be impulsive, but he’s never been this volatile. Why did a couple of taunts push him over the edge?” Alicia frowned in confusion.
“The problem lies with that man,” Grace chimed in. “He probably drugged Brian and made him irritable and easily manipulated.”
“That explains it. No wonder Brian seemed off.” Alicia nodded thoughtfully.
“What a vile person to use such underhanded tactics to hurt others.” Aurora’s expression turned cold.
Brian was the strongest among them. It would spell disaster if he lost control and couldn’t distinguish friend from foe.
“Faith, what should we do about that man? He seems pretty formidable.”
Alicia frowned and eyed the cloaked figure who had appeared out of nowhere.
“Don’t worry. With Dr. Rhys here, that man won’t be causing any trouble,” Grace said with a faint smile. She seemed unfazed by the situation.
“Dr. Rhys?”
Alicia and Aurora turned to Dustin with a blend of curiosity and skepticism in their expressions.
Despite Dustin’s remarkable medical skills, he was just a doctor. They questioned how he could compete with a grandmaster martial artist. Their skill levels seemed worlds apart.
“Why does it always have to be me?” he exclaimed in exasperation.
Since encountering the Marshall sisters, he hadn’t experienced a single moment of respite-juggling between alchemy, treating Alicia, and dealing with Brian’s messes. And now, he was being roped into fights too.
“Well, the capable ones get all the tasks, right? You can’t expect the defenseless girls to handle the fighting, “Grace said with a playful wink.
“Faith, Dr. Rhys looks pretty skinny. Can he really take on that man?” Alicia asked while giving Dustin a once-over.
“Yeah, Faith. That man is a grandmaster martial artist. Even Brian isn’t a match for him. Can Dr. Rhys really handle it?” Aurora chimed in. She was equally skeptical about Dustin.
“Don’t worry. If Dr. Rhys is willing to step up, he’ll handle that man with ease,” Grace assured them with a smile.
“Really? Does Dr. Rhys have some hidden skills?” Alicia was taken aback by Grace’s confidence.
She knew Grace wouldn’t make unfounded claims. Alicia was curious if Dustin had some secret talent to confront a grandmaster martial artist.
“Whether there’s a hidden skill or not, you’ll see soon enough.” Grace grinned, then raised an eyebrow at Dustin. “The stage is yours. Show us what you’ve got.”
###Chapter 2246 by Marina Vittori
“Well, thank you,” Dustin replied, annoyed.
He had initially come to cure Alicia, but now he had to fight as well. After an exhausting day of hard work with no reward, he felt completely shortchanged.
“Don’t be so grumpy. Show off your heroic side in front of these two beauties. Who knows, you might win their hearts,” Grace teased in a low voice.
“Yeah, right. These two are nothing but trouble. I want no part of it.” He rolled his eyes.
“Hey! What are you two whispering about?” Shadowcloak couldn’t stay silent anymore and declared, “I’m giving you two options: surrender now, or I’ll kill you.”
“Kill me? You sure talk big.” Dustin stepped forward and stared at him.
He continued, “You might be fast, but your strength is laughable. The guy lying there could defeat you easily if he were a bit smarter.”
“Arrogant brat! What the heck are you talking about?” Shadowcloak snarled.
“Drop the act. You may fool others, but I can see right through you,” Dustin said with a straight face.
He continued, “If I’m not mistaken, you’ve spent decades honing your agility. You’ve mastered it to a level that surpasses many grandmaster martial artists. But unfortunately, you lack strength in combat.
“Sure, you can handle divine-level martial artists with ease. However, when facing grandmaster level opponent, you’d resort to underhanded tactics and intimidation.”
After careful observation, Dustin noted that Shadowcloak’s cultivation was only halfway to becoming a ga grandmaster and hadn’t broken through yet. Despite that, Shadowcloak lacked the strength to match Brian.
However, his key advantage was his remarkable agility, which made him practically untouchable.
It enabled him to adopt the persona of a phantom, striking fear into his opponent’s hearts and forcing them to retreat. Hence, his energy waves’ fluctuation was just a form of disguise.
The reason Shadowcloak drugged Brian was that he couldn’t defeat the man. So, he relied on his cunning tactic to drive Brian into madness and eventually exhaust himself.
“You… You’re just talking nonsense!” Dustin’s words seemed to hit Shadowcloak’s nerve, and he seethed in anger.
He roared, “Bastard! How dare you question my strength? You must have a death wish. Come forward if you dare.
And I’ll crush you with a single strike.’
“Really? I’d like to see what you’ve got. “Dustin scoffed. He was unfazed by the threat as he approached Shadowcloak.
Dustin’s casual approach caught Shadowcloack off guard. Given his earlier skill demonstration, which was on par with a grandmaster, others would have hesitated and felt intimidated.
Shadowcloak had planned to seize that moment to showcase his abilities. But he never anticipated Dustin’s boldness as he advanced toward him.
He wondered if Dustin was simply fearless or had something up his sleeve. Shadowcloak frowned, and he began to waver.
“Hey! Aren’t you going to crush me with a single strike? Well, here I am. I’ll stand right here and let you do it.” Dustin stood with his hands behind his back. His tone was calm yet defiant.
“Reckless fool! Since you have a death wish, I’ll gladly oblige.” Shadowcloak shook with rage. He lunged forward without hesitation and aimed a powerful palm strike directly at Dustin’s head.
With a thunderous roar, a massive, translucent hand materialized from thin air and slammed down on Dustin like a sledgehammer.
Shadowcloak was only halfway to becoming a grandmaster. Although he could easily deal with most divine-level martial artists, he still harbored lingering fear when facing grandmaster -level opponents.
He knew with his agility, he could always escape even if he couldn’t win. So, he attacked Dustin without hesitation.
“Die!”
When he saw Dustin standing his ground without flinching, his murderous intent surged, and his attack intensified. But just as his hand was about to strike Dustin’s head, a protective force field armor suddenly appeared.
Shadowcloak’s full-force strike collided with the force field and exploded. His true energy shadow palm shattered on impact and dispersed into the wind.
He was propelled backward and retreated several paces. His limbs went numb, and he felt a rush of adrenaline coursing through his body.
Meanwhile, Dustin was still standing with hands behind his back. He was unaffected by the impact.
“How is this possible?” Shadowcloak’s face twisted in horror. He was bewildered. Despite striking Dustin with all his might, the man appeared completely unscathed.
“Is that all you’ve got? Pathetic.” Dustin shook his head and eyed him disdainfully. As he had expected, Shadowcloak was nothing more than a hollow threat.
###Chapter 2247 by Marina Vittori
“What’s going on? Did Dr. Rhys just block that strike?”
“Oh my God! He took the grandmaster’s attack head-on without a scratch! This is unbelievable.”
The Celestial Alliance disciples were in awe and disbelief after witnessing Dustin block the attack like it was nothing.
After all, Brian couldn’t even defeat Shadowcloak. So, when the alliance’s disciples saw Dustin step forward, they didn’t hold much hope at first.
Some even thought he was walking into a death trap. But they never anticipated that Dustin had such profound cultivation.
“Faith, could it be that Dr. Rhys is a grandmaster?” Alicia was also surprised by Dustin’s skills. Although Grace had mentioned it before, she still had doubts.
After all, possessing extraordinary medical skills was already quite rare. Many doctors spend their careers without achieving half of Dustin’s expertise.
What truly distinguished Dustin was he was knowledgeable in both medical skills and martial arts. Alicia had never encountered a dual-skilled genius before.
“A grandmaster?” Grace smiled faintly. She neither confirmed nor denied it. ” You could say that.”
Dustin was more than just a grandmaster martial artist. He was a once-in-a-millenium genius, topping the Legendary List and standing at the pinnacle of the martial world.
His cultivation had long surpassed the level of grandmaster, so he wouldn’t need to break a sweat to deal with someone so insignificant.
“A skilled doctor and a grandmaster? Just who is Dr. Rhys?” Aurora was surprised and confused by the revelation.
She had heard of almost every young talent in the martial world, yet Dustin’s name didn’t ring a bell.
A genius with such prowess in medical skills and martial arts would normally be widely renowned. So, his sudden appearance struck her as odd.
Aurora surmised that Dustin was either a hidden master uninterested in fame or deliberately concealed his identity.
“Kid! Who are you? State your name!” Shadowcloak’s face darkened since he was facing a formidable enemy.
He had initially underestimated Dustin. However, after witnessing his strength firsthand, Shadowcloak realized that the unassuming young man was even more powerful than Brian.
“It doesn’t matter who I am,” Dustin said casually. “What matters is, who sent you?”
“Hmph! Trying to trick me into answering your question? Dream on!” Shadowcloak scowled. “I don’t care who you are or where you come from. Be smart and get lost now. Otherwise, you’ll get a taste of my ruthlessness.”
“Are you seriously trying to play tough at this point?” Dustin sneered.
“Don’t get too cocky, kid. I only used about ten percent of my strength earlier. That’s why you got away with it. Once I go all out, you’ll be dead.” Shadowcloak shouted.
As he spoke, his entire demeanor became more imposing. The wind howled around him, and an oppressive force erupted and enveloped everyone present. They felt their bodies weigh down as if an invisible force pressed on their shoulders.
“Kid, can you feel that? That’s the power of a grandmaster. Once I go all out, you’ll be squashed like a bug.” Shadowcloak’s fury flared. His cloak billowed in the wind, and he looked intimidating.
“I didn’t expect that elderly man was hiding such strength. It looks like Dr. Rhys is in trouble.” Alicia’s expression darkened at the sight.
Though Dustin was a grandmaster, she felt he was still young and lacked experience. When facing the tougher grandmasters, he could be at a disadvantage.
She could tell Shadowcloak, with his menacing presence, was clearly no ordinary grandmaster.
“Let me call the reinforcement. We can’t let Dr. Rhys risk his life for us,” Aurora said as she pulled out her phone to make the call.
“You don’t have to,” Grace said with a faint smile. “That elderly man might seem tough, but he’s not as skilled as he appears. Once he made a move, Dr. Rhys would easily deal with him.
“That’s impossible.” Aurora frowned and eyed Shadowcloak. “His energy waves are as strong as the alliance’s elders. What makes you think he isn’t that skilled?”
“Energy waves can be manipulated,” Grace said with a smile.
She explained, “There’s a secret technique that allows the practitioners to hide and manipulate their energy waves. Although it doesn’t boost one’s strength, this skill can certainly intimidate others.”
“So, you’re saying… that man is just a fraud?” Aurora quickly caught on.
“Yes.” Grace nodded. “If he was truly a skilled martial artist, why waste time talking? Don’t forget that he’s an assassin. If he’s confident in taking out his target, why did he hesitate until now?”
“You’ve got a point,” Aurora agreed with a nod.
Assassins were known for their dishonorable tactics and disregard for rules. They would resort to any means to kill their target.
However, she noticed that Shadowcloak’s actions were suspicious. Despite his constant chatter upon showing up, he didn’t make any moves. When he eventually attacked, Dustin effortlessly knocked him back.
“Hold on! If that man didn’t have the strength, how do you explain his agility?” Alicia chimed in.
Grace smiled and said, “Dr. Rhys had just explained it earlier. Despite the man’s cultivation, he had spent decades honing his agility.
She continued, “He had mastered it to a level that surpasses many grandmasters. That’s how he has been following everyone. 1
“Sure, his agility gives him the upper hand in fights, especially against divine -level martial artists. But against a grandmaster, his skills won’t be enough to break through their defense. “
###Chapter 2248 by Marina Vittori
“Now it makes sense.”
Alicia and Aurora nodded.
After all the fuss, Shadowcloak was just a fraud. Despite his intimidating facade, he crumbled under pressure, which revealed his cowardice. He could intimidate the vulnerable, but his bravado faltered when confronted with a powerful opponent.
The sisters finally understood why he never made a move against Brian earlier. It wasn’t due to his supposed strength but rather his weakness and fear of taking action.
“Kid, this is your last chance. Get down on your knees and surrender. Perhaps I’ll spare your life. But if you resist, I’ll crush you right now.” Shadowcloak’s voice thundered with menace.
At that instant, his imposing demeanor looked like that of a grandmaster martial artist.
“Stop your blabbering, and let’s fight. I want to see what else you’ve got up your sleeve.” Dustin smirked and eyed him disdainfully.
Shadowcloak’s performance was impressive, even though his facade had already been exposed. It was easy for those unaware to be deceived by his act.
“Stubborn fool! I’ll finish you off right now,” Shadowcloak shouted. In a flash, his figure split into multiple shadows and appeared behind Dustin.
He aimed to finish Dustin with a lethal blow. Plus, he knew he couldn’t defeat Dustin in a direct confrontation, so he opted for a sneak attack. With his agility, he believed he could easily outmatch Dustin.
After all, winning would solidify Shadowcloak’s reputation as a grandmaster. Even if he were defeated, he had an escape plan. Either way, he was invincible.
“Go to hell!” When he noticed Dustin didn’t dodge, Shadowcloak’s true energy surged. He gathered it in his palm before striking Dustin from behind.
The swift, fierce strike seemed unavoidable with Shadowcloak’s agility. Before the onlookers could react, his iron palm had already struck Dustin with a muffled thud.
Surprisingly, Dustin still stood there. He didn’t even activate his energy armor to protect himself and relied solely on his body to withstand the attack.
On the contrary, Shadowcloak’s hand went numb from the impact as if he had struck a piece of darksteel.
“How… how is this possible?”
Shadowcloak was dumbfounded. His eyes widened in disbelief as if he had seen a ghost.
Dustin had activated his energy armor earlier, so it made sense that he wasn’t affected by the attack. But this time, he didn’t have time to activate his energy armor since Shadowcloak’s attack was lightning-fast.
There wasn’t a single grandmaster martial artist who could endure such a powerful blow with just their body. Yet, Shadowcloak was baffled by Dustin’s ability to withstand his attack without a scratch.
He wondered if Dustin was a grandmaster with versatile cultivation. The thought sent shivers down his spine, filling him with dread.
Shadowcloak wouldn’t feel so intimidated facing a regular grandmaster. However, confronting a versatile cultivation grandmaster was different. They had no weakness and possessed profound cultivation along with an incredibly strong physique.
Their speed, strength, defense, and reflexes surpassed the regular grandmasters. A versatile cultivation grandmaster could easily take on multiple opponents of the same level.
Moreover, the process of becoming a versatile cultivation grandmaster was not easy. It required several times the effort and dedication compared to becoming a grandmaster.
In all his years in the martial world, Shadowcloak had only heard of a handful of these grandmasters. Each of them stood as a dominant force in their respective regions.
Yet, he never anticipated he would encounter a versatile cultivation grandmaster who was only in his 20s. Plus, someone so young and had such terrifying strength was nothing short of monstrous.
His panic intensified with each passing second, and his body began to tremble uncontrollably. Despite his agility, facing such a grandmaster made him feel like a sheep waiting to be slaughtered. He knew one wrong move could mean the end of him.
“Is that the best you’ve got? You’re so weak.” Dustin turned and looked at him like a tiger sizing up its prey.
Shadowcloak trembled with fear and screamed before fleeing. His figure blurred into several illusions that scattered in all directions.
This was his secret technique, the Illusionary Split. It was reserved for dire situations. He only used it when facing a formidable opponent or when he was in mortal danger.
He relied on illusions to confuse his pursuers and buy him time to escape when he knew he couldn’t win the confrontation. After all, fleeing was his only recourse. No matter how agile he was, he knew it would be a futile struggle if he were caught.
Everyone exchanged puzzled glances when they saw Shadowcloak suddenly flee. They were utterly bewildered by the sudden turn of events.
###Chapter 2249 by Marina Vittori
What happened? Just moments ago, Shadowcloak was boasting and swaggering with bravado. But now, he scattered like a mouse at the sight of a cat.
Everyone was stunned by the sudden turn of events.
One moment, he was acting all high and mighty, but the next second, he was hightailing it at unbelievable speed. With several figures darting off, it was hard to tell which one was actually him.
“Huh?” Dustin was shocked by Shadowcloak’s sudden retreat. He thought the man was going to rely on his agility to continue the fight.
The quick exit after just two strikes caught Dustin off guard.
“He’s quite cunning.” He chuckled and acknowledged Shadowcloack’s sharp instincts.
His swift departure showed a keen sense of trouble and adaptability without concern for his reputation. He was fortunate to have run away. Otherwise, Dustin would defeat him.
Moreover, thriving in the martial world through deceitful means demanded a certain level of skill and cunning tricks.
“Fine. I’ll let you off tonight.” Dustin shook his head and chose not to pursue Shadowcloak. He was confident in his ability to catch up, but the prospect didn’t appeal to him.
After all, driving away Shadowcloak and resolving Alicia’s crisis was already going above and beyond the call of duty. Further involvement would only invite trouble, especially since this was the Celestial Alliance’s affair.
“What’s going on? Why did that man suddenly run off?” Alicia was bewildered, and she looked at Grace and Aurora.
Everything had happened in a flash, from Shadowcloak’s sneak attack to his hasty retreat. Alicia struggled to keep up with the whirlwind of events.
“He fled because he knew he couldn’t win,” Grace said. She smiled and explained, “He was just talking big. All bark and no bite. When he realized he couldn’t intimidate Dr. Rhys, he had no choice but to flee.”
“Yeah, lucky he took off. Otherwise, I would have broken his legs.” Aurora angrily swung her fists.
“Everyone retreat!”
As soon as the surrounding assassins saw Shadowcloak’s hasty departure, they promptly scattered. After all, he was their leader and key strategist. Seeing him flee made it clear that they would end up dead if they lingered.
“Go after them!”
The command spurred the Celestial Alliance disciples into action. They drew their weapons and were ready to hunt down the assassins.
However, Alicia immediately stopped them. “Forget it. Stop chasing after them.”
Those assassins were just pawns, and she didn’t see any merit in pursuing them. She understood that falling into their trap would only result in severe losses. Thus, she deemed the risk unworthy of pursuit.
Then, Aurora ordered, “Clean up and alert the guild to send some elites to protect Alicia.”
“Understood, Ms. Aurora.”
The Celestial Alliance disciples acknowledged and quickly cleaned up the area.
The ambush had been unsettling, but it was non-threatening. Though some were injured, the disciples managed to protect Alicia. Otherwise, if anything happened to the Marshall sisters, they knew they would be punished.
“Dr. Rhys, what should we do with Brian?” Aurora looked at the unconscious Brian on the ground.
“The ground is cold. Take him inside.” Dustin simply glanced at him.
“Will he go berserk again when he wakes up? She frowned and was confused when Dustin mentioned the cold ground. She wondered if he was worried about Brian catching a cold.
“How would I know? Just wake him up and find out.” Dustin shrugged nonchalantly.
“What if he goes berserk again?” Aurora asked again.
“Then, knock him out again,” he replied earnestly.
Aurora was speechless. Although she found some logic in his response, she still felt strange nonetheless.
“Let me handle this,” Grace said. She stepped forward and silently chanted before extending her index and middle fingers.
Then, she pressed them firmly against Brian’s forehead, and a burst of gold light gleamed. His body convulsed as if struck by lightning, and he opened his eyes.
Aurora and the others tensed up upon seeing that. They instinctively reached for their weapons. If Brian made any odd behavior, they would act without hesitation.
“What happened?” Brian scrambled to his feet and looked around in confusion.
He only recalled chasing after Shadowcloak. In the midst of his pursuit, his mind went blank, and he lost consciousness. He had no recollection of anything that followed.
“Brian, are you okay?” Aurora asked tentatively.
“What could be wrong with me? I…” Suddenly, he rubbed his neck and frowned. “Why does my neck hurt so much? It feels like it’s been hit.”
Aurora and Dustin exchanged glances. They maintained their poker faces and pretended not to know anything.
###Chapter 2250 by Marina Vittori
“Um… Brian, you were drugged earlier. Thank goodness Dr. Rhys saved you. Otherwise, you might be in grave danger.” Alicia quickly spoke up to break the awkward silence.
“What? He saved me?” Brian looked at Dustin in disbelief. “Are you sure about that? I don’t remember any of this.”
“You lost your senses because you were drugged and almost caused a disaster. If Dr. Rhys hadn’t intervened, the consequences would have been unimaginable,” she said earnestly.
“Yes. You should thank Dr. Rhys,” Aurora chimed in with a nod.
“Hmph! Who asked him to save me? He’s just sticking his nose where it doesn’t belong!” Brian scoffed and glared at Dustin disdainfully.
“I’m tired. I’m heading back to my room to rest,” he added coldly before leaving.
He had looked down on Dustin since meeting him. Hence, it was a blow to his pride when he learned that Dustin had saved him. Naturally, Brian couldn’t accept this outcome, and apologizing to Dustin was out of the question.
“Dr. Rhys, I’m sorry about Brian’s attitude. He’s stubborn and terrible with words. Please don’t take it to heart.
“Alicia smiled apologetically.
“It’s okay.” Dustin shrugged. He never expected Brian to shower him with gratitude. As long as he didn’t cause any trouble, Dustin would be grateful.
“Dr. Rhys, what do you think about my earlier proposal at the dinner table?”
Alicia suddenly changed the subject.
She continued, “As long as you become our consultant, you’ll enjoy plenty of benefits without any obligations.
Basically, you’ll just be affiliated with us without having to do anything.”
“Oh? Is that so?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. He was quite surprised upon hearing that.
“Well, it’s not for anyone. You’re the only one to get such an offer,” she said with a smile.
Typically, consultants for the Celestial Alliance could enjoy many benefits, but they were also expected to handle a few tasks each year. However, Alicia could tell that Dustin didn’t like being tied down or ordered around.
So, she offered him such generous terms. He deserved it. Plus, she valued his talent and wanted to befriend him.
A young genius skilled in medical and martial arts was highly sought after anywhere. Alicia knew that bringing Dustin into the Celestial Alliance, even in name only, would bring great benefits.
“Since Ms. Marshall invited me so warmly, I’ll gladly accept it,” Dustin agreed after glancing at Grace, who nodded in approval.
His biggest concern with joining any guild was the hassle and restriction, but Alicia’s offer was perfect-benefits without obligations. To him, it was an ideal arrangement.
“Welcome, Dr. Rhys, as a consultant of Celestial Alliance!” Alicia smiled and extended her hand.
“Thank you. I’m looking forward to working with you.” Dustin shook her hand.
“Alicia, congratulations on recruiting another valuable member to the Celestial Alliance.” Grace smiled.
“Thank you, Faith. If you hadn’t brought him here, I would never have discovered such a gem,” Alicia replied.
“Okay, enough with the formalities. Let’s continue our dinner,” Aurora said as she ushered everyone to the dining room.
Brian went inside a room near the courtyard and gently closed the door behind him. He peeked outside through the edge of the curtain to ensure nobody was around.
Then, he quickly drew the curtains shut and pulled out his phone to make a call. “Hey! What’s going on? I gave you the address, dispatched some elites away, and even played dumb to give you the opportunity.
“And what do I get? You can’t even manage to kidnap one person. I’m disappointed with how the Hall of Gods planned things.” His tone was full of dissatisfaction.
A deep voice responded from the other end. “Mr. Stern, today’s event was unexpected. We made a mistake in choosing the wrong people which led to the plan’s failure. But rest assured, we’ll find a way to fix this and ensure it doesn’t happen again.”
“Fix it? How?” Brian frowned.
He went on, “After what happened today, the Marshall sisters will only become more cautious. They’ve already called for reinforcement, and more skilled elites will arrive tomorrow to protect them. Kidnapping them will be nearly impossible!”
The person on the other end replied, ” Please calm down. We already have a plan in place. You just focus on participating in the Combat Tournament as usual.
“On the days of the finals, we’ll stir up a storm at Sacred Wrym Summit. Then, we can go ahead with the kidnapping plan.”
“What do you mean by stirring up a storm?” Brian raised an eyebrow.
“I’m sorry. It’s confidential information, and I can’t tell you. I hope you understand.”
“Fine. I’m not interested in your confidential stuff anyway. But don’t forget our collaboration,” Brian reminded him.
“Mr. Stern, rest assured. Once this plan succeeds, we will fully support you in ascending to the position of guildmaster.”
“Okay.” Brian smiled. Becoming the Celestial Alliance guildmaster had been his lifelong dream, but Fenley was always in his way.
The hope of inheriting the position seemed dim. So, he had to find another way, even if it meant betraying the guild or his country. He was willing to do whatever it took to achieve his goal.
###Chapter 2251 by Marina Vittori
The following morning, Dustin left his room and went to the villa’s garden to appreciate the lush scenery.
He and Grace accepted Alicia’s invitation to stay at the villa overnight to ensure the sisters’ safety after the recent assassination attempt. Plus, Grace wanted to catch up with Alicia. Thankfully, the rest of the night passed without any disturbances.
Alicia’s condition remained stable. She showed no adverse effects due to her good foundation.
Dustin strolled through the garden and noticed the villa’s gate opening. A convoy of luxury cars drove in and came to a stop. Then, a group of uniformed Celestial Alliance disciples quickly exited the vehicles.
Unlike the regular disciples, these were the elite enforcement team. They were specially selected for their exceptional skills and loyalty.
The team was seldom deployed as they were reserved exclusively for dire circumstances at the discretion of the guildmaster and the elders. Their appearance always signaled the seriousness of the situation at hand.
Seeing the intimidating team, Dustin quietly stepped aside. He deduced that the failed attempt on Alicia and Aurora’s lives the previous night had likely alerted Alloy. So, he dispatched the enforcement team to protect his daughters.
While Dustin wondered about the team leader’s identity, he noticed the door of the car in the lead swung open. A sharp- suited young man, radiating authority, emerged. Every member of the enforcement team bowed in deference.
“Huh? It’s him?” Dustin raised an eyebrow in surprise.
The young man was Fenley, one of the top talents of the Celestial Alliance and ranked fifth on the Legendary List.
His status was second only to the guildmaster and the elders. Although he was still technically a disciple, he was widely recognized as the guild’s future successor.
Before he was 30, he was already halfway to becoming an ultimate grandmaster, towering above his peers. His actions commanded both respect and attention within the Celestial Alliance.
Fenley’s prominence wasn’t solely a result of his remarkable talent but also stemmed from his unwavering loyalty to the guild and his almost paternal bond with Alloy.
Dustin had faced Fenley in a match before. He acknowledged Fenley’s impressive skill. He found his mastery of the Four Elements of God’s Technique noteworthy.
“Fenley!”
Upon hearing the commotion at the entrance, Alicia and Aurora dashed out joyfully. They rushed toward him and affectionately linked arms with him, each on one side. Their actions starkly contrasted with their treatment of Brian.
“Fenley, what brings you here? Aren’t you in seclusion training?” Alicia asked curiously.
“My training has ended. I’m here for the Combat Tournament and because of you two,” he replied with a smile.
“Because of us?”
Alicia and Aurora exchanged knowing glances. They figured Alloy must’ve been concerned about their safety, prompting him to dispatch the enforcement team and arrange for Fenley’s early arrival.
“I heard about what happened last night. I won’t tolerate any threats around you. So, I’ll eliminate any dangers and show those with ill intentions what it means to cross our guild,” Fenley said calmly, though his words carried a clear sense of menace.
Attempting to assassinate and kidnap Alicia was a direct affront to the Celestial Alliance’s dignity. If this weren’t thoroughly addressed, their authority would be undermined.
“Don’t just stand there. Let’s go inside and talk.” Alicia and Aurora tugged Fenley’s hand and led him toward the villa’s living room.
As they passed by Dustin, Alicia stopped and introduced him enthusiastically. “Fenley, let me introduce you to someone remarkable.
“This is Dr. Rhys, the one who saved me yesterday. He’s a genius in both medicine and martial arts. Plus, he is now our guild consultant.”
Aurora chimed in, “Dr. Rhys, this is Fenley Hudson. The top disciple of our guild. I’m sure you’ve heard of him.”
Given Fenley’s status as the future successor of the Celestial Alliance, his reputation preceded him. Anyone familiar with the martial world would recognize his name.
“It’s an honor to meet you, Sir Hudson, “Dustin said respectfully.
“Dr. Rhys?” Fenley scrutinized him and raised an eyebrow. “You look familiar. Have we met before?”
###Chapter 2252 by Marina Vittori
Upon hearing Fenley’s words, Alicia and Aurora glanced at him before shifting their gaze to Dustin. Curiosity and confusion etched across their faces as they pondered whether Fenley and Dustin knew each other.
“Sir Hudson, you’re quite a notable figure. How could someone like me ever cross paths with you? If you think I look familiar, it’s likely because I have a common face,” Dustin replied calmly, though his heart was racing.
His current appearance was a skillful disguise through Face-Changing Art that made him look different from his usual self.
Upon encountering Fenley, Dustin consciously suppressed his energy waves and ensured no anomalies were revealed. Yet, he didn’t expect Fenley to be so perceptive and sensed something amiss with just a glance.
After scrutinizing Dustin, Fenley smiled. “It seems I’ve mistaken you for someone else. But you’re certainly not just anybody. You must possess remarkable talent to garner such acclaim from the Marshall sisters.
“After all, there aren’t many in our guild who could match you. I’m sure you’ll soon make a name for yourself with your talents.”
Despite Dustin’s unassuming appearance, Fenley couldn’t shake the feeling that there was more to him than met the eye. He had a hunch that the so-called Dr. Rhys was anything but ordinary.
“Thank you, Sir Hudson. I look forward to that day,” Dustin responded politely.
As they conversed, Brian suddenly emerged from the villa. When he saw the gathering, he paused and frowned upon spotting Fenley.
A hint of resentment flashed in his eyes. But as Fenley glanced his way, Brian quickly masked his emotions and approached with a friendly smile.
“Febley, when did you get here? Why didn’t you notify me in advance? I could’ve set up a proper reception for you.” Brian smiled and greeted him warmly.
“Master Alloy sent me to deal with the troublemakers targeting our guild,” Fenley replied bluntly.
“I’ve already initiated an investigation about the assassins from last night. We should have some answers soon, so you don’t need to worry.” Brian still maintained his smile.
“I’m not worried. I’m simply following Master Alloy’s instruction,” Fenley said indifferently.
He added, “It seems your handling of matters has been less than satisfactory. Alicia was poisoned and narrowly escaped an assassination attempt under your supervision.
“If it wasn’t for Dr. Rhys timely intervention, she could have lost her life. Master Alloy is extremely upset and has tasked me with ensuring their safety.”
Fenley’s words held a tone of accusation. Brian’s inability to protect Alicia amounted to negligence. According to the Celestial Alliance regulations, he must be punished.
“I admit my oversight about last night’s incident, but I promised there won’t be a next time.” Brian forced a smile.
As the senior disciple, he felt humiliated after being reprimanded by Fenley openly. Yet, given his status, he had no option but to bear it.
“Brian, your duties here are finished. Return to the guild with the enforcement team and report back to Master Alloy,” Fenley said impassively.
Brian frowned. “Fenley, isn’t this a bad time for me to leave? I’ve got a lot of stuff to deal with, and I’m slated to represent the guild in the Combat Tournament.”
“Whatever you’re tied up with, set it aside. As for the tournament, leave it to me. You don’t need to worry about anything.” Fenley stepped aside and gestured for him to get in the car.
Brian’s eyes narrowed at the enforcement team ahead as he felt an inexplicable sense of unease. He knew boarding that car now would make his careful planning and scheming pointless. He had invested too much effort to abandon everything at the moment.
“Fenley, are you seriously trying to steal my credit?” Brian asked in an annoyed tone. “We’ve always had each other’s backs. But now, just because I made a minor mistake, you’re disregarding our camaraderie and criticizing me. Isn’t that a bit too harsh?”
“Fenley, regarding last night, Brian truly gave his all. It’s not fair to blame him. If we’re pointing fingers, it’s those cunning enemies who caught us off guard,” Alicia quickly interjected upon sensing the tension.
After all, Fenley and Brian were comrades in the guild, so there was no need to let these issues strain their relationship.
“Yeah, Fenley. Brian’s been putting in serious effort these past few days and hasn’t been slacking off. Can’t you just overlook this?” Aurora pleaded.
The accusation of negligence, no matter its magnitude, carried significant consequences. The punishment would be inevitable if Brian returned with the enforcement team to the Celestial Alliance.
Conversely, the outcome would change if Fenley opted for leniency toward Brian.
“Alicia, Aurora, this is Master Alloy’s order. I can’t do anything about it,” Fenley said, shaking his head.
“I’ll speak with my dad. I assure you that he won’t complicate matters for you,” Alicia replied.
“This matter is more complicated than you think. Rules exist for a reason. If you slip up, there are consequences, no ifs, ands, or buts.” Fenley shook his head again.
“Fenley-”
Alicia was about to say more, but he raised his hand to silence her. Then, he turned his gaze to Brian and said coldly, “I’m running out of patience. I’ll ask you one last time. Will you enter the car willingly, or must I force you?”
His ultimatum carries an undeniable threat.
###Chapter 2253 by Marina Vittori
Brian’s face darkened at Fenley’s words. He hadn’t anticipated Fenley’s ruthlessness, which lacked respect for Brian’s seniority within the guild.
“Fenley, you’ve crossed the line!” Brian’s expression turned grim. “I hold the seniority in this guild, so watch your tone!”
“I’ve extended enough courtesy to you. You better not put me in a tight spot,” Fenley said icily.
“Putting you in a tight spot? You’re just out for revenge!” Brian’s tone turned hostile.
“Brian, there’s no use in dragging this out. You need to make a decision today.
“Fenley remained unfazed.
“What if I refuse to go with the enforcement team? What will you do, huh?” Brian narrowed his eyes.
“Then, I will have to take action against you,” Fenley retorted coldly.
“You dare?” Brian’s anger flared instantly. “Just because you’re strong doesn’t mean you can throw your weight around. If we really fought, I might not lose to you!”
“You’re welcome to try,” Fenley said impassively.
“You’re going too far!” Brian gritted his teeth.
“Alright, that’s it from both of you.” Alicia immediately positioned herself between them. She wanted to diffuse the escalating tension.
She continued, “We’re all from the same sect. There’s no need for things to escalate into violence. Fenley, do me a favor, and let’s call it off today. I’ll speak to my dad later and ask him to revoke the order.”
“Alicia, it’s not that I lack sympathy, but Brian’s crimes are unforgivable. Master Alloy has ordered that Brian must be apprehended and brought back for trial,” Fenley said sternly.
He added, “If he refuses, he can be executed on the spot to uphold the rules of our guild!”
“What?”
Upon hearing that, Alicia and Aurora’s expressions instantly changed. The prospect of instant execution, as per the Celestial Alliance’s rules, changed their perspective on the entire situation.
Generally, only disciples who committed heinous crimes would receive such severe punishment. The issue at hand was Brian’s negligence in protecting Alicia.
Even if the Celestial Alliance decided to enforce punishment, the repercussions would likely be no more than a verbal reprimand or a few lashes, considering Brian’s status.
Nevertheless, the sisters were shocked to discover that Alloy would impose such a strict order and treat Brian like a criminal.
As the central figure involved, Brian was flooded with emotions. If he had nothing to hide, he wouldn’t be panicking. But he did, and that left him feeling anxious.
Upon hearing Fenley’s words, Brian’s mind raced, and he wondered if Alloy had discovered something. Had his collusion with the Hall of Gods and betrayal of the guild been completely exposed?
Then, he realized it seemed unlikely since he had always been cautious. He had met Hank only once and communicated through encrypted calls.
It wasn’t likely that he had been exposed. Yet, Brian couldn’t grasp the reason for his punishment.
“Fenley, are you serious? Why would my dad give such a strict order?” Alicia frowned in disbelief.
“Yeah, Fenley. Even if Brian neglected his duty to protect Alicia, it should warrant only a minor punishment. Why is he being punished so severely?” Aurora voiced her confusion.
The sisters had initially assumed Fenley brought the enforcement team to ensure their safety. Now they realize the team’s presence was solely to apprehend Brian.
Still, they wondered why Brian faced severe punishment when he hadn’t committed any wrongdoing.
“Master Alloy issued this order for a purpose. As for the reason behind it, you should ask Brian about the merits of his actions.” Fenley glared at him coldly.
“Brian…” Alicia and Aurora looked at him with confusion and disbelief written all over their faces.
“No… I haven’t done anything.” Brian shook his head.
Then, he pointed accusingly at Fenley. ” It’s you! You’re the one who is creating a conflict and deliberately slandered me in front of Master Alloy. You’re a despicable hypocrite!”
“Brian, are you seriously still going to talk your way out of this?” Fenley asked coldly.
He went on, “If you confess now and repent, I can plead for leniency with Master Alloy because of our shared brotherhood within the guild. But if you insist, don’t expect me to go easy on you.”
“Nonsense! What crime could I have committed? I’ve lived honestly and uprightly. Stop spouting nonsense!” Brian snapped, though his confidence appeared to waver at that moment.
“I wanted to spare you some dignity in front of Alicia and Aurora. But since you insist on being so stubborn, today I’m going to expose your true colors!”
Fenley pulled out his phone and played the audio clip.
Soon, Brian and Hank’s voice echoed from the device.
“Hey! What’s going on? I gave you the address, dispatched some elites away, and even played dumb to give you the opportunity.
“And what do I get? You can’t even manage to kidnap one person. I’m disappointed with how the Hall of Gods planned things.”
Hank replied, “Mr. Stern, today’s event was unexpected. We made a mistake in choosing the wrong people which led to the plan’s failure. But rest assured, we’ll find a way to fix this and ensure it doesn’t happen again.”
“Fix it? How? After what happened today, the Marshall sisters will only become more cautious. They’ve already called for reinforcement, and more skilled elites will arrive tomorrow to protect them. Kidnapping them will be nearly impossible!”
“Please calm down. We already have a plan in place. You just focus on participating in the Combat Tournament as usual. On the days of the finals, we’ll stir up a storm at Sacred Wrymm Summit. Then, we can go ahead with the kidnapping plan.”
“What do you mean by stirring up a storm?”
“I’m sorry. It’s confidential information, and I can’t tell you. I hope you understand.”
“Fine. I’m not interested in your confidential stuff anyway. But don’t forget our collaboration.”
“Mr. Stern, rest assured. Once this plan succeeds, we will fully support you in ascending to the position of guildmaster.”
###Chapter 2254 by Marina Vittori
Fenley’s recording captured every word between Brian and Hank, the god of the Hall of Gods, including their elaborate schemes, with remarkable clarity.
Upon hearing that, Alicia and Aurora were stunned as their eyes widened in disbelief.
Brian felt as if he had been hit by lightning, which left him rooted to the spot. He didn’t expect his conversation with Hank from the previous night to be recorded.
He briefly entertained the idea that Hank might have betrayed him. But he quickly dismissed it, considering their shared interests and Hank’s lack of motive for betrayal.
Brian’s expression alternated between worry and panic. Alongside his confusion, he was flooded with alarm. With the proof of his betrayal revealed, he pondered his next course of action.
“So, what do you have to say now?” Fenley asked coldly.
Celestial Alliance had been suspecting Brian’s unusual behavior and had preemptively installed a bug on him, just in case. It turned out their suspicions were correct when they discovered Brian’s collusion with the Hall of Gods-a blatant betrayal toward their guild.
“Brian, I can’t believe you set me up.”
Alicia looked at him incredulously. We’ve practically grown up together and I even treated you like a brother. I don’t understand why you’d do such a thing?”
“I…” Brian was at a loss for words.
“The guild has shown you nothing but kindness. We offered you special privileges and nurtured you. And yet, you’ve conspired with outsiders to betray us. You’re so ungrateful. I’ve misjudged you!” Aurora fumed.
While she had suspected a traitor among them, she had never doubted him because of their strong, decade- long bond.
However, the recording earlier had shattered her trust in him. His actions were like the adage, “You may know someone’s face, but not their heart.”
“Brian, return to the guild with me and come clean to Master Alloy. If you sincerely confess your mistakes, there’s a chance he might show you mercy and spare your life, given our years of friendship,” Fenley urged.
“Return to the guild?” Brian’s eyes twitched with a momentary gleam of aggression. “After all that has happened, how could I return? Betraying the guild means facing either death or a lifetime of guilt and punishment.
“They could strip me of everything I’ve cultivated or sentence me to a lifetime of imprisonment. If I return with you, my life will be over.”
“You’re out of options. So, don’t force me to take action on you.” Fenley’s expression was devoid of emotion.
As he spoke, internal energy coalesced in his palm. He was ready to subdue Brian if he tried to resist or escape.
‘Do you think you can catch me? In your dream!” Brian clenched his teeth. Then, he raised his hand to release a dark, poisonous mist that engulfed Fenley.
“Watch out, Fenley!” Alicia’s expression changed.
“Hmph! Stubborn fool!” Fenley said coldly. He didn’t dodge but struck with his palm. His powerful internal energy swiftly dispersed the poison mist, and the residual force surged toward Brian.
Suddenly, Brian darted behind Alicia, and his hand gripped her throat. He threatened, “Fenley! Make one move, and I’ll kill her.”
“Huh?” Fenley’s expression darkened. He quickly withdrew his hand and shouted, “Let Alicia go. You’re only making things worse!”
“Let her go? And let myself be killed?” Brian’s face contorted with rage.
As he held Alicia captive, he retreated cautiously. “Back off, everyone! If anyone tries to come closer, I’ll take her down with me.”
The enforcement team was ready to take action but froze in fear upon hearing that. While they might disregard the lives of others, they couldn’t overlook Alicia’s safety.
“Brian! Have you lost your mind? How dare you hold my sister hostage?” Aurora’s anger flared.
“Yes! I’ve lost it! But it’s all because of you!” Brian spat out through gritted teeth. “I’ve dedicated years of my life to the guild, risking everything, and what do I get in return? Nothing!
“Instead, it’s Fenley, who joined years after me, that Master Alloy favors and promotes. Everyone showered him with praise. Why?
“I’m the senior disciple of the Celestial Alliance. I’m the guild’s future guildmaster! I’m the one destined for greatness.
“Why did Fenley get to steal all the spotlight the moment he showed up? I won’t stand for it. I refuse to spend my life being overlooked.
“If you don’t give me what I deserve, I’ll take it myself. I’ll fight for it! Even if it means colluding with the Hall of Gods and turning against the guild.
“Because, in the end, it’s survival of the fittest. I’ll do whatever it takes to achieve my goals. Anyone who tries to stop me will die.”
Brian’s words crescendoed into near- yells as he reached his breaking point. The madness etched on his face deepened.
With his emotions running high, his grip around Alicia’s throat tightened. Her face flushed as she struggled to breathe and couldn’t utter a word.
“Brian! Calm down! Let’s talk this out without hurting Alicia, okay?” Fenley quickly pacified Brian’s escalating emotions. He feared Brian might lose control and snap her neck.
###Chapter 2255 by Marina Vittori
“What more is there to discuss? Back off! Everyone, just back off!” Brian’s voice boomed as he motioned for everyone to retreat.
He decided not to return to the Celestial Alliance and confess his wrongdoing. His sole recourse now was to keep Alicia captive and seek sanctuary at the Hall of Gods.
“Brian, there’s no escaping this. Release Alicia and I assure you, I’ll find a solution.” Fenley’s expression grew solemn.
He was confident that he could swiftly defeat Brian in a direct confrontation. However, with Alicia held captive, Fenley hesitated and was reluctant to take the risk. If anything were to happen to Alicia, he’d be the one to blame.
“Brian, it’s not too late to repent. Stop making one mistake after another,” Alicia pleaded, her voice strained with anguish. “If you stop now and confess willingly, I can plead with my dad to be lenient in his judgment.”
“Mistakes? Where have I gone wrong?” Brian snarled. “Survival of the fittest is the rule of nature. Everything I’ve undertaken is for my own future and advancement.
“If anyone is at fault, it’s all of you. You all favor Fenley regardless of my efforts. Since you’re all so oblivious, I’ll ensure you regret it!”
“Is your so-called power really worth it? Is it more important than family and friendship?” Alicia frowned.
“Family and friendship? They mean nothing to me!” Brian yelled. “I’ll sacrifice anything, even your life, to seize the guildmaster’s throne.”
“Ungrateful bastard!” Aurora seethed with anger. “If it weren’t for my dad taking pity on you and giving you shelter when you were starving, you would’ve been dead in the streets.
“He gave you a second chance at life, treated you as a family, taught you martial arts, and nurtured you. And what did you do?
“For your selfish ambitions, you betray our guild, betray him, and even turn against your comrades. Are you even human?”
Brian, an orphan, was discovered severely ill and unconscious by Alloy during his travels. He brought Brian home for treatment.
Alloy eventually took Brian in as a disciple and nurtured him. But nobody expected this so-called disciple to be such an ungrateful bastard.
“Don’t you dare lecture me!” Brian roared. “Yes. Alloy did save me, but I’ve risked my life for him over the years. I’ve repaid all the debts I owed. Now it’s him who owes me, not the other way around!”
“You’re right. Even if you don’t feel indebted to Master Alloy or the guild, what about Alicia?” Fenley asked. “She looked up to you as a brother and respected you. Why would you hurt her now?”
“I don’t have a choice! You’ve backed me into a corner.” Brian’s expression contorted with malice. “If I could leave here, Alicia would be safe. But if any of you dare to stop me, I’ll take her down with me!”
As he spoke, his emotions intensified, and he seemed determined to drag her down with him.
“Calm down. I’ll let you go,” Fenley hastily promised after sensing the urgency. “As long as you don’t harm her, I can let this matter slide. But I won’t let you off the hook if she’s in danger.”
At that moment, his priority shifted from capturing Brian to ensuring Alicia’s safety.
“Quit the chatter and step aside!” Brian shouted as he retreated while still holding Alicia hostage.
The enforcement team surrounding him hesitated to advance. They scattered around to prevent provoking him.
“You!” He pointed at one of the Celestial Alliance disciples. “Come here and drive the car.”
The disciple hesitated and glanced uncertainly at Fenley.
“Do as he says.” Fenley nodded.
“Okay.” The disciple complied and reluctantly stepped forward to act as the driver. Since Fenley had his back, he didn’t have to worry about taking the blame.
“Heh… thought you had me, huh? Not today!” Brian laughed triumphantly. When he saw the others keeping their distance, he prepared to hop into the car and leave.
Just as he relaxed his hold on Alicia’s throat to get in the car, Fenley sprang into action. He swiftly threw a dart aimed straight for Brian’s forehead. If it hit, it could kill him instantly.
Fenley took the risk because he knew that if Brian took her to the Hall of Gods, her fate would be grim.
“How dare you!” Brian exclaimed as the dart sailed through the air.
Despite briefly lowering his guard, Brian had kept his eyes on Fenley and didn’t overlook his subtle movements. With the dart flying toward him, he couldn’t afford a direct hit and promptly dodged sideways.
The speedy dart narrowly missed Brian’s ear and blasted a big hole in the wall behind him.
Brian’s eyes widened in shock, but a surge of anger quickly replaced it. ” Fenley! You brought this on yourself!” He gritted his teeth, and his features contorted with rage.
Amid the shocked spectators, he abruptly lunged toward Alicia and struck her head. He intended to bring her down with him.
“No!” Fenley’s face paled in terror. However, he was too far away to stop Brian.
###Chapter 2256 by Marina Vittori
Just as Alicia was about to be struck down by Brian’s deadly palm strike, a silver needle suddenly hit his wrist with precision.
The force of the impact caused him to stagger backward several steps. Then, a wave of excruciating pain surged through his arm. His body trembled uncontrollably and left him momentarily incapacitated.
“Crap!” Brian cursed. He quickly yanked the silver needle out from his wrist, which eased his pain slightly.
“Alicia, run!” Aurora shouted.
Freed from his grasp, Alicia snapped out of her daze and bolted at full speed.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Brian, now recovered from the pain, refused to give up.
With a sudden burst of speed, he transformed into a blur and lunged toward her. Even if he was going to die, he was determined to take her down with him.
“Bastard! How dare you!” Fenley’s eyes widened in fury upon seeing that. He immediately propelled himself into the air, then delivered a palm strike toward Brian from above.
The air erupted with a thunderous boom. Suddenly, a colossal illusory image materialized behind Fenley. It radiated a commanding presence that set shivers down on everyone’s spine.
When he thrust his palm downward, the colossal illusory image mirrored his movement instantaneously. In a flash, the energy surged, and debris scattered.
A golden palm shadow hurtled toward Brian like a projectile. At that moment, Fenley was consumed by a killing instinct.
“Four Elements of God’s Technique?”
Brian’s face paled as the golden palm shadow hurtled toward him. As a Celestial Alliance disciple, he understood the terror of this technique.
Alloy’s Four Elements of God’s Technique was the skill responsible for propelling the Celestial Alliance to global dominance.
Brian was incredulous that Alloy had passed it down to Fenley. And judging by Fenley’s energy, he could tell Fenley had mastered it.
With no time to spare as the golden palm shadow closed in, Brian swiftly channeled his internal energy to form a protective shield. Then, he crossed his arms over his chest and assumed a defensive stance.
A thunderous crash echoed as Fenley’s shadow palm slammed solidly into Brian’s energy armor. Brian was instantly sent flying like a ragdoll. He was hurtled over 30 feet before crashing into the garden rockery.
Another resounding boom followed as the rock formation shattered from the impact. He continued to skid across the ground for another eight or nine yards before stopping.
Brian’s mouth gaped as he coughed a torrent of blood. He lay on the ground and couldn’t crawl to his feet.
His complexion turned ashen, and his attire was torn to shreds. Blood dripped from his arms, and he looked miserable.
He had always known Fenley was formidable, but he hadn’t anticipated the extent of his strength.
After all, Brian was at least one of the top three grandmaster martial artists among the elite disciples of the Celestial Alliance.
Despite not being as skilled as the top- ranked Fenley, Brian hadn’t expected such a stark difference between them. It was a sobering realization for him as he finally grasped the extent of his misjudgment.
His meager strength paled in comparison to Fenley’s. With just one move, Fenley had inflicted grave injuries upon him, which highlighted the unbridgeable chasm in their strength.
Brian struggled to come to terms with the reality before him. Despite his relentless efforts, he wondered why he remained powerless against Fenley. Rather than closing in on his rival, Brian felt his efforts pushed him further away.
“Surround him!”
As Brian collapsed from his injuries, members of the enforcement team swiftly encircled him. Swords were drawn, and their gaze fixed on him. Yet, they refrained from hasty actions.
After all, he was a grandmaster martial artist. They understood the danger he still presented, even in his weakened state. A final, desperate move from him could result in casualties among them.
“Alicia, are you okay?” Aurora breathed a sigh of relief when she saw her sister narrowly escape danger.
“I’m fine, thanks to Fenley.” Alicia swallowed nervously, as her composure still rattled from the ordeal. She hadn’t anticipated Brian’s ruthlessness or expected him to take her down with him.
Once Fenley confirmed Alicia’s safety, he approached Brian with a grim expression.
Upon seeing him, the enforcement team parted to let him through.
“Any last words?” Fenley towered over Brian and looked at him coldly.
“Fenley, I admit my mistake. I know I was wrong. I’ll return to the guild with you and plead for forgiveness from Master Alloy. Please, spare my life!” Brian’s voice strained as he coughed up blood.
His once arrogant demeanor had now completely softened and devoid of his former arrogance. Yet, he could still sense Fenley’s killing intent.
“Before you took Alicia hostage, there was still hope. I would have pleaded with Master Alloy on your behalf based on our guild’s solidarity. But now, that opportunity is lost.” Fenley’s voice remained icy and resolute.
He continued, “You’ve sealed your fate with your own actions by committing such heinous crimes. Today, you must die.”
Then, he struck Brian’s head with a fatal blow.
A thunderous explosion filled the air as Brian’s head erupted like a melon struck by a cannonball.
###Chapter 2257 by Marina Vittori
Brian was dead.
The enforcement team stood indifferent to the scene before them and showed no sympathy for his fate. His headless body slumped to the ground, and blood started to pool around it.
Brian was the elite disciple of the Celestia Alliance. But his fate was sealed when he colluded with the Hall of Gods and betrayed the guild. He had even tried to harm Alicia.
Given his accumulated crimes, his death was inevitable. Even if Fenley hadn’t killed him, the guild would have punished him.
“Brian got what was coming to him.” Aurora grimaced as she looked at his lifeless body and spat on the ground.
She had regarded him as a brother and a decent person. Yet, she never anticipated he would turn out to be such a hypocrite and involved in all sorts of misconduct for his own gain.
He had even colluded with the Hall of Gods and betrayed the Celestial Alliance. When confronted, he showed no remorse and even tried to hold Alicia hostage.
Aurora believed someone like him deserved to die.
“Who would have thought he’d go astray and end up like this? Human nature is so unpredictable.” Alicia sighed with conflicted emotions.
She found Brian’s actions appalling. Yet, she was heartbroken seeing him like that since they had grown up together.
“Bundle up Brian’s body and bring it back to the guild,” Fenley ordered. He looked at the headless body before turning away.
Soon, the enforcement team bundled up Brian’s decapitated body and took it away. Even though he was dead, they needed to investigate his crimes and send a clear message to the others.
“Thank goodness you are here, Fenley. Otherwise, Alicia would have died,” Aurora said gratefully.
He had saved the day with his remarkable skills by incapacitating Brian with a single blow, thus averting potentially serious consequences.
“I am just doing my duty.” Fenley shook his head.
He was disappointed with himself and continued, “Honestly, my mistake had endangered Alicia. I’m relieved that nothing serious has happened. Otherwise, I wouldn’t know how to face Godfather.”
He regretted underestimating Brian’s ruthlessness. He thought of persuading Brian to repent but ended up pushing him into a corner.
“Don’t blame yourself. Nobody anticipated Brian’s actions,” Alicia comforted him.
“Let’s stop talking about him,” Fenley said, changing the subject. “By the way, you should thank Dr. Rhys for intervening and saving you. Looks like you owe him another favor.”
“Dr. Rhys?” Alicia was surprised and turned to Dustin. “Did you save me earlier?”
She had only seen Fenley intervene to save her, not Dustin.
“Yes, he did.” Feneley nodded with a smile. “When Brian was about to strike you, Dr. Rhys threw the silver needles and aimed at his pressure point. This stopped Brian’s attack and gave you a chance to escape.”
Although Alicia was unaware, Fenley saw everything. His dart had missed Brian, but Dustin’s silver needles struck Brian’s wrist and disrupted his movement. It allowed Alicia to escape and Fenley to subdue Brian.
So, Fenley knew it wasn’t him who rescued Alicia but Dustin.
“It’s really nothing. Plus, even if I hadn’t stepped in, Sir Hudson could’ve handled it easily,” Dustin replied humbly. As a consultant for the Celestial Alliance, he couldn’t stand idly by when Alicia was in danger.
“I can’t express how grateful I am for saving me again,” Alicia said. Her appreciation grew as she pieced together the entire situation.
“Celestial Alliance has a lot of rare treasures. How about giving Dr. Rhys a few as a way to show your appreciation? “Grace suggested as she walked over. She had seen everything and felt relieved that Dustin was there to handle the situation.
“Of course, a gift is necessary. But a common treasure wouldn’t match Dr. Rhys’s stature. We do have Novem Bloomadol. I think it would be perfect for him.” Alicia smiled.
“Novem Bloomadol?” Grace arched an eyebrow. “Isn’t that the legendary top- grade pill crafted from nine rare flowers?”
“That’s right.” Alicia nodded. “It enhances cultivation and strengthens the body. The pill’s effectiveness scales with the user’s potential. We searched far and wide and found just this one.”
Novem Bloomadol was a special gift from Alloy to help Alicia reach the level of grandmaster. However, her martial arts skills were average. Since she was nowhere near that level yet, the pill didn’t serve its purpose for her.
Alicia decided that giving it to Dustin as a gesture of gratitude would ensure it was put to good use. After all, she owed him a lot and wanted to express her appreciation properly.
###Chapter 2258 by Marina Vittori
“Aurora, bring me the Novem Bloomadol,” Alicia said with a knowing glance.
Aurora couldn’t resist asking, “If you give it to Dr. Rhys, how will you cultivate later?”
While others might not know its value, she knew the rarity of the Novem Bloomadol. It was a precious treasure that martial artists could only dream of obtaining to break through to the grandmaster level.
Aurora never expected Alicia to part with it willingly.
“I don’t have any use for it anyway. I’m sure Dr. Rhys would put it to good use.” Alicia smiled faintly.
The higher one’s martial aptitude, the better the effects of the Novem Bloomadol. With Dustin’s exceptional talent and cultivation, she knew he would gain far more from it than her.
“Don’t just stand there. Go get it,” Alicia urged.
Despite her reluctance, Aurora knew that the pill belonged to her sister. She couldn’t decide for Alicia, so she simply nodded. Shortly afterward, she returned with an exquisite sandalwood box.
“Alicia, are you sure about giving this away?” Aurora asked again.
“Yes. Stop dawdling. After all, no treasure is worth more than a life- saving favor,” Alicia replied casually.
She took the box and handed it to Dustin with a smile. “Dr. Rhys, please accept this as a token of my gratitude.”
As she spoke, she opened the box to reveal the Novem Bloomadol.
The pill gleamed in vibrant green, transparent, and lustrous as a precious gemstone. Upon opening the box, a fragrant scent filled the air. Everyone took a deep breath, and they instantly felt refreshed.
“No wonder they called it a top-grade pill,” Grace complimented. “Even the scent alone is remarkably extraordinary.”
Novem Bloomadol was exceedingly rare and sought after by many martial artists who would go to great lengths to obtain it. This pill was desired by many but accessible to very few.
Even as the Dragonmarsh princess, Grace found acquiring one was immensely challenging.
“This pill is probably the only one of its kind in the entire martial world. Its value is beyond words,” Aurora said reluctantly. She would rather give Dustin ten treasures than part with this single pill.
“Dr. Rhys, what are you waiting for? You should accept such a treasure without hesitation,” Grace said, arching an eyebrow.
“Ms. Alicia, I appreciate your generosity,” Dustin acknowledged with a rare smile. He looked at the Novem Bloomadol inside the box and instantly pocketed it.
While other treasures didn’t appeal to him, this top-grade pill was an exception. It promised a significant cultivation boost, enhanced strength, and unlocking hidden potential.
As a martial artist and alchemist, he valued such a rare and valuable pill. After all, it was difficult to craft.
Dustin understood that even with his expertise, crafting one would require loads of rare medicinal herbs, and success was far from guaranteed.
“Okay, now that we’ve got that out of the way and handled everything else, the Group B match begins today. How about we head to the venue and watch it together?” Aurora suddenly proposed.
The Marshall sisters had already signed up and been selected for Group B. However, due to Alicia’s current condition, she couldn’t take part. However, she could still join in the fun.
“Dr. Rhys, Faith, what do you think?” Alicia asked.
“I was thinking the same,” Grace replied with a smile.
“Fine by me,” Dustin agreed, though his eyes remained fixed on the Novem Bloomadol.
“Let’s go then!” Aurora exclaimed. She directed the enforcement team to escort them to the Combat Tournament at Sacred Wrym Summit.
Sacred Wrym Summit’s arena was packed as usual.
Unlike Group C, which had eight battle rings, Group B had only two matches held simultaneously. However, this reduction in quantity is offset by a noticeable improvement in the overall tournament quality.
This was because all Group B participants were advanced-level divine martial artists, with several halfway to becoming grandmasters. Plus, some exceptionally talented individuals often triumphed against stronger opponents.
While Group C served as a filtering round, Group B’s matches were where the true contenders distinguished themselves.
These martial artists were renowned figures in the martial world. They were either elite disciples of major guilds or seasoned wanderers with rich battle experience.
Those who advanced from Group C to Group B were battle-hardened martial artists, and each commanded respect in their own right.
The tournament on that day was particularly grand. Senior members of major guilds attended in person as they were eager to scout and recruit top talents from Group B.
For them, the tournament was like a recruitment fair. As for the participants, it was an opportunity to make a name for themselves on a grand stage.
###Chapter 2259 by Marina Vittori
Besides the battle ring matches, Abigail’s gambling business was thriving. She had set up two temporary betting rings to attract more patrons.
One accepted cash, and the other VIP betting ring only accepted rare treasures and valuables. These betting rings catered to different gamblers and ensured everyone’s preferences were accommodated.
The spectators became Abigail’s prime targets. Her strategy remained unchanged. First, lures the gamblers with small wins. When they grew complacent, Abigail would reclaim everything in one decisive move. Her tactic proved to be effective.
Over the past few days, she had amassed a fortune and emerged as the biggest winner.
Although some savvy individuals knew her schemes, they refrained from exposing her due to her stature. So, they simply turned a blind eye.
Gamblers would still cling to their hopes even if her schemes were revealed. When they saw others hit the jackpot, this only fueled their urge to try their luck. They were convinced that they could also be among the lucky ones.
The matches were already in progress when Dustin and the others arrived at the arena. The Celestial Alliance’s senior members had reserved seats with great views and refreshments highlighting their status.
“Hello, Sir Hudson, Ms. Alicia and Ms. Aurora.”
Fenley’s arrival with his companions caused quite a stir. Everyone from the Celestial Alliance, from senior to ordinary members, respectfully greeted them.
At that moment, Dustin spotted Quincy.
Quincy was momentarily surprised upon seeing him. However, he quickly regained his composure when he noticed Dustin chatting with Fenley and the others.
“It’s so lively here. All the major guilds are present. I wonder who will emerge as the champion.” Alicia looked around excitedly.
As the guildmaster’s daughter, she had always been sheltered and seldom ventured outside. So, sneaking out to register for the Combat Tournament had been a rare act of defiance.
However, her excitement was short- lived as she fell victim to voodoo and slipped into a coma before the tournament even began.
“As long as Fenley makes his move, the championship will be ours,” Aurora declared confidently.
Fenley was revered as the most exceptional figure in the Celestial Alliance over the past century, and all the disciples respected him.
His prestige within the guild was second only to Alloy. In Aurora’s recollection, Fenley had never been defeated. So, she felt the so-called geniuses of the martial world were insignificant compared to him.
“Aurora, don’t get too ahead of yourself.” Fenley shook his head and smiled.
He added, “This Combat Tournament at Sacred Wrym Summit has really shaken up the martial world. All the major guilds and top talents are here.
It’s set to be a fierce competition where anyone could come out on top.”
While confident in his own abilities, Fenley wasn’t naive. After all, he was only ranked fifth on the Legendary List.
He acknowledged several formidable opponents were ahead of him on the list, especially Logan and Glenn, who were tied for first place. They had even reached the Champ-Tier List and were among the top ten strongest in the world.
Fenley didn’t have much confidence facing those two. However, he wasn’t one to shy away from a challenge either. His seclusion training had significantly boosted his cultivation. He believed he could hold his ground if he were to face Logan and Glenn.
“Fenley, you’re so amazing. With your skills, who could possibly compete against you?” Aurora remained confidently supportive.
In her eyes, he was just being modest. She believed that he could easily outshine all other geniuses once he unleashed the Four Elements of God’s Technique.
“There’s always someone better, no matter how good you are. We can’t afford to be complacent,” Fenley cautioned himself while imparting wisdom to Aurora.
Fenley reflected on his intense battle with Logan. Despite unleashing the full force of the Four Elements of God’s Technique, he gained no advantage.
Then, he realized he wasn’t the unrivaled hero he had thought himself to be. There were talents out there who could match or even surpass him.
However, this realization only intensified his resolve. What had once seemed isolating now motivated him to strive for excellence.
The pressure he felt spurred him on in his training. In hindsight, he saw it as a blessing in disguise.
Alicia glanced around and suddenly spotted something intriguing. She pointed and exclaimed excitedly, ” Faith, Aurora, check that out! It looks pretty lively over there!”
Following her gesture, they all turned to see two outdoor betting rings set up in the western direction. The betting rings were surrounded by crowds of people whose voices created a bustling and energetic atmosphere.
“Wow, I never expected there would be betting rings here,” Aurora exclaimed in surprise.
“Betting rings?” Alicia’s eyes lit up with interest. “Let’s go take a look!”
Without hesitation, Alicia grabbed Grace and Aurora and hurried over.
###Chapter 2260 by Marina Vittori
XdwAlicia, who rarely ventured outside, had only heard about betting rings without ever stepping into one. Seeing one today at the tournament was a new experience. With her curious nature, she couldn’t resist diving into the excitement.
“She still can’t change her reckless personality.” Fenley shook his head in exasperation and followed closely behind.
Since the incident involving Brian, Fenley had become the personal bodyguard for the Marshall sisters. He was constantly vigilant about their safety now.
Abigail, the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order, actively promoted her business and shouted enthusiastically, “Come on, everyone! Place your bets and pick your favorites!
“No risk of getting ripped off here-bet as much as you want, win or lose fair and square! Our reputation speaks for itself!”
She oversaw the VIP section where rare treasures could be exchanged for celestial stones used in gambling.
They started by appraising the treasures bettors brought and exchanging them for celestial stones. Bettors then used these stones for their bets. If they lost, that was it. But if they won, they could reclaim their treasures.
“Hey, Sir! Bringing friends along today? Please, have a seat,” Abigail greeted warmly. Her keen eyes noticed Dustin and his friends approaching and promptly arranged seats.
Noticing their distinguished attire and demeanor, she figured they were no ordinary guests and deserved the utmost respect as VIP clients.
“Your business is thriving,” Dustin remarked with a smile.
In just a few days, what was once a small operation has blossomed into a full-fledged betting ring with separate areas for regular patrons and VIPs. The expansion has been almost tenfold in size since then.
With the Combat Tournament at Sacred Wyrm Summit, it was clear to him that Abigail was the undeniable winner.
Abigail humbly responded, “I’m just trying to keep things going. Managing such a large guild and providing for my members means I have to stay resourceful.”
“My friends are interested in your betting options. Can you set them up?” Dustin smiled.
“Sure, no problem!” Abigail said cheerfully. “Sir, your friends are my friends, and I’ll make sure they have a great time.”
She snapped her fingers at the female guardian beside her and instructed, ” Give these lovely ladies some chips so they can enjoy themselves.”
“Okay,” the guardian replied promptly. Then, she distributed 20 celestial stones to Grace, Alicia, and Aurora.
Giving away sixty celestial stones all at once was quite a generous gesture, but Abigail was wealthy enough not to worry about it. She believed that what she gave would eventually return to her.
“I hope this isn’t too much trouble. We could have gotten our own chips,”
Alicia said awkwardly. She felt that Abigail’s generosity was excessive for a first meeting. Yet, she was unsure how to reciprocate.
“Meeting you is a stroke of fate. It’s just a small gift. Enjoy yourselves and consider it a gesture of friendship,” Abigail replied cheerfully.
She knew the more chips she handed out, the more likely she would reel in a big fish. Abigail understood this strategy perfectly.
“Well…” Alicia hesitated.
“Ms. Marshall, are you unhappy with the amount? Or do you not want to be friends with me?” Abigail feigned disappointment.
“Of course not.” Alicia quickly shook her head.
“Ms. Marshall, this is a kind gesture from Abigail. You should accept it,” Dustin encouraged.
“In that case, we won’t refuse,” Alicia conceded. She realized it was hard to decline such generosity.
“The next round is about to begin. Ladies, take a good look. Which contestant do you think has the best chance of winning?” Abigail asked with a smile.
They turned their attention to the two large battle rings in the center. The battle rings were labeled One and Two, with referees randomly selecting two contestants for each round.
This round featured contestants 5 and 18 in battle ring one and contestants 12 and 34 in battle ring two.
“Huh, it’s him?” Dustin’s gaze settled on contestant number 12 and raised an eyebrow in surprise.
The contestant turned out to be Miles from the Sword Union. Though his strength didn’t quite measure up to Crystal’s, he still ranked above average among the competitors in Group B.
Alicia followed Dustin’s line of sight and asked curiously, “Do you know him?”
“Yes. He’s my friend.” He nodded.
“How strong is he?” Aurora asked.
“Among the contestants in Group B, he’s pretty decent,” Dustin replied.
“If you vouch for him, he must be good. I bet on Number 12,” Alicia said confidently. Then, she took out ten celestial stones and placed her bet on Miles.
“Me too!” Aurora quickly followed her sister’s lead and bet with ten celestial stones.
“I’m in too.” Grace smiled and joined them.
Dustin frowned when he saw them place their bet on Miles. So, he quickly added, “I only said he’s decent, not a guaranteed winner. I won’t be responsible if he doesn’t win.”
As a disciple of the Sword Union, Miles was indeed talented among his lower- ranked peers. He was somewhere in the middle-promising but not guaranteed to come out on top.
Dustin wasn’t confident that Miles could win.
###Chapter 2261 by Marina Vittori
“Dr. Rhys, don’t worry. Even if Number 12 loses, no one’s going to blame you,” Alicia said with a reassuring smile.
“Yeah, we’re just here for the fun of it. Winning or losing doesn’t really matter, “Aurora chimed in.
“That’s a relief.” Dustin nodded.
Gambling could remain harmless if one didn’t become too engrossed in it. However, once addicted, it was easy to lose one’s rationality. Therefore, it was wise to clarify matters beforehand to prevent unnecessary complications.
“Fenley, do you want to join us?” Alicia suddenly turned to Fenley beside her.
“No thanks. You guys go ahead. I’m not into it.” Fenley smiled and shook his head. He was passionate about martial arts. Aside from training and fighting, nothing else piqued his interest.
“What about you, Dr. Rhys?” Alicia asked Dustin.
“I’ll just watch the match,” he declined politely. He knew that Abigail’s role as the dealer could manipulate the outcome. Plus, those who placed their bets would eventually lose everything.
“Come on, place your bets. The match is about to start,” Abigail shouted as she urged more gamblers to place their bets.
When the referee in the battle ring announced the start of the match, the betting was officially closed.
“Go, Miles! You have to win and make our guild proud!” Ruby’s voice echoed through the crowd. She cheered on Miles as he fought on the second battle ring.
Crystal and Dalen sat nearby. Their expressions were calm as they watched the match with minimal reaction.
Upon hearing Ruby’s voice, Dustin turned his head toward her direction. Dalen, sensing something, swiftly turned to Dustin and greeted him with a nod and a friendly smile.
Miles stood confidently in the center of the battle ring. His expression was serious as he gripped his sword with determination. He exuded an impressive and poised demeanor.
His opponent, a burly man named Atlas Brude, was quite the contrast. Standing six feet three inches tall and with a big, muscular build, he brandished two battle axes. His exposed, hairy chest gave him a resemblance more akin to a gorilla than a man.
On the contrary, Miles, though in good shape, looked slender next to ATlas’ imposing figure.
“Hey kid, what’s your name? I don’t spare any nameless spirits under my axes.” Atlas swung his two battle axes onto his shoulders with an arrogant stance.
“I’m Miles Young from Sword Union,” Miles replied coolly.
“Oh? You’re a Sword Union disciple?” Atlas raised an eyebrow, and his fighting spirit grew stronger.
He continued, “I’ve heard they only accept elites. All their disciples are tough martial artists capable of taking on 100 opponents. I wonder if those rumors are true.”
Atlas had heard about the Sword Union’s reputation but hadn’t expected to encounter one of their disciples so soon. If he could defeat Miles in the ring, it would add another impressive notch to his belt.
“Why don’t you find out for yourself?” Miles slowly raised his sword and pointed it straight at him.
“Great! Today, I’ll see just how skilled you Sword Union disciples really are!” Atlas sneered. Then, he charged forward like a human tank. Each step sent tremors through the battle ring.
“Take this!” He roared as he closed in and swung his axes down on Miles’ shoulders with tremendous force. Given Atlas’ strength, even a rhinoceros would be torn apart on impact.
Seeing the axes descending, Miles knew he couldn’t take the attack head- on. So, he twisted his body and swiftly dodged the blow.
A loud explosion echoed through the arena. Two axes crashed down simultaneously onto the battle ring, which sent the sparks flying in all directions. The once-solid surface of the battle ring now bore two deep jagged marks.
“Go to hell!” Atlas wasted no time after his initial strike missed. He swiftly transitioned into a sweeping motion instead.
His axes scraped along the ground for about 15 feet before slashing upwards at an angle. Miles was caught off guard with his astonishing speed.
“Hmm?” Miles’ pupils constricted as he quickly raised his sword to block.
A resounding clash rang out as Atlas’ axes forcefully struck against Miles’ sword. Sparks flew from the impact, and the force of Atlas’ blow sent Miles staggering back several steps. He barely managed to regain his balance.
Atlas’ immense strength surprised Miles. His grip on the sword trembled involuntarily, and his knuckles throbbed from the sheer force of Atlas’ strength, which far surpassed his expectations.
Since confronting Atlas head-on wouldn’t work in his favor, Miles knew he had to change his fighting strategy.
“Heh… Looks like you Sword Union disciples aren’t as impressive as I thought. You’re weak. How disappointing!” Atlas shook his head and smiled mockingly.
His earlier probing attacks had already revealed Mile’s weaknesses. So, Atlas felt confident in winning the match.
“Strength isn’t everything. A bull may be stronger than a tiger, but it still ends up as the tiger’s prey,” Miles retorted.
“Hmph! You think you’re a tiger, but you’re just a sickly cat? You’re really overestimating yourself! Today, I’ll teach you a lesson you won’t forget! Take this!”
Atlas lunged forward. His axes, one on the left and one on the right, swung like giant crab claws toward Miles’s head.
###Chapter 2262 by Marina Vittori
Atlas’ attack came with fierce momentum as he swung his axes with enough force to shatter stone.
Miles focused intently and chose to advance rather than retreat. He deftly ducked under Atlas’ swinging axes, his hair barely missing their deadly arc.
As Atlas’ axes missed their mark, Miles sword was already in motion.
A sharp clang echoed through the air. While taking advantage of his momentum, Miles’ sword sliced fiercely across Atlas’ chest and abdomen as he skimmed past him.
The blow shredded Atlas’ attire and exposed the padded armor beneath, marked with a faint white streak.
“Hmm?” Miles frowned.
His sword strike had been cunningly angled, executed swiftly and accurately. He had anticipated it would incapacitate Atlas immediately. But to his surprise, Atlas’ padded armor absorbed the critical blow.
“Kid, I hate to admit you’ve got skills,” Atlas remarked. He looked down at his torn clothes with a serious expression.
He added, “If I hadn’t been prepared, you might have had me there. But you only get one sneak attack. From here on out, I’ll crush you with my full strength!”
He had initially underestimated Miles and didn’t take him seriously. However, after Miles’ cunning and precise strike, Atlas was now on high alert.
It became clear to him that Miles, a disciple of the Sword Union, was a formidable opponent. At that instant, Atlas knew he must go all out to ensure victory.
“Crush me? Ha! Let’s see if you’ve got what it takes!” Miles raised his sword slowly and looked at his opponent sharply.
Despite Atlas’ protective armor, Miles was confident his sword skills could triumph without a fatal strike. It just meant he’d have to put in a little more effort.
“Come on!” Atlas roared as he charged forward again.
His hefty double axes felt weightless as he swung them relentlessly and unleashed a barrage of ax shadows at Miles. Some shadows were solid strikes fueled by true energy, while others were mere afterimages.
Miles narrowed his eyes. He swiftly wielded his sword to create a flurry of blade shadows around him. Each stroke created powerful gusts of wind that tousled his hair and fluttered his robes.
Miles’ sword shadows matched Atlas’s ax shadows in intensity without faltering. After a brief clash, the two collided fiercely.
The sound of metal clashing reverberated loudly through the air. In a split second, sparks erupted as two figures plunged into a fierce and relentless battle.
Atlas’ attacks were heavy-handed and direct. His axes swung with overwhelming force that proved challenging to defend against.
In contrast, Miles relied on agility by executing precise, rapid strikes with evasive footwork.
They pushed their strengths to their limit to outmatch the other. It was a close and intense duel where neither seemed to gain the upper hand.
Despite their comparable cultivation levels, Miles held the edge in swordsmanship and combat skills.
However, Atlas fought cunningly. He relied on his protective gear to embrace a daring, full-throttle fighting approach.
Miles couldn’t risk trading blows, so he was forced to relinquish chances for a definitive strike.
This prolonged match tested martial artists’ abilities, stamina, and resolve. The winner could endure longer, as exhaustion meant an inevitable loss.
Two contestants fought fiercely inside the battle ring while the atmosphere outside was equally intense.
With heavy bets placed on Miles and Atlas, their victories and defeats carried immense weight for the gamblers. The outcome was pivotal for the gamblers’ hopes and investments.
The crowd passionately cheered on their favorites, shouting until their faces turned red and their voices grew hoarse.
“Go, Number 12!”
Alicia and Aurora, caught in the thrill of the moment, joined the exuberant cheers of the crowd. Initially hesitant, their voices quickly rose to match the enthusiastic roar surrounding them.
Fenley glanced at them and shook his head. He couldn’t understand why they were so emotionally invested in a mere fight.
Dustin, sitting nearby, was equally unfazed. He calmly sipped his tea while watching the match.
Their high level of cultivation and strong mindset made them remarkably resilient, which allowed them to remain composed even amidst chaos.
“Miles! Don’t hold back and give it your all!” Ruby’s voice rang out the loudest from the crowd.
As a disciple of the Sword Union, she felt personally invested in the fight. His victory or defeat would affect the reputation of the guild and her own as well. Naturally, she had to cheer him on with all her might.
“Mr. Shade, who do you think is going to win?” Crystal asked solemnly, her gaze unwavering.
With keen eyesight, she carefully observed every detail of Miles and Atlas ‘match. She knew this was a tough fight for Miles.
“It’s a tough call. Mr. Young has the upper hand in cultivation, but his strategy seems to be holding him back. Without the guts to go all-in, it won’t be easy for him to defeat his opponent, “Dalen remarked casually while fanning himself with a folding fan.
Crystal nodded without saying a word. She knew Dalen was right-Miles needed to be willing to gamble everything to overcome his opponent’s control. Otherwise, the current situation was decidedly unfavorable for him.
###Chapter 2263 by Marina Vittori
“That’s odd. Number 12 is clearly stronger than Number 34. So, why hasn’t he won yet?” Aurora wondered as she watched the intense match in the battle ring.
“Because he’s holding back,” Alicia replied.
She narrowed her eyes and continued, ” Look closely at Number 34. His fighting style is ruthless and aggressive, as if he has nothing to lose.
“Even though Number 12 is stronger, he’s struggling. As the saying goes, Fortune favors the brave.'”
Everything changed when a match in the battle ring escalated into a fight for survival. In standard bouts, martial artists often held back. Winning was great, but losing wasn’t the end of the world. With that mindset, most wouldn’t risk their lives.
However, the stakes were clear in a fight for survival-victory or death. Hence, martial artists would give their all to win the match.
Number 34, Atlas, fully embraced this mindset, while Number 12, Miles, hesitated and didn’t unleash his full strength.
“At this rate, aren’t we going to lose our bet on Number 12?” Aurora frowned.
While betting was a casual pastime, nobody enjoyed losing, and she was no exception.
“It all depends on him,” Alicia said thoughtfully.
She added, “If he can muster his courage and give it his all before he runs out of energy, he has a good chance to win. But if he keeps holding back, he’ll likely lose.”
“It seems raw strength alone won’t suffice. He needs the courage to risk everything,” Aurora remarked.
The crowd below the battle ring cheered wildly as the fight intensified.
Atlas grew more aggressive with each blow as he showcased his immense strength.
In contrast, Miles struggled to fend off Atlas’ relentless assaults. He was clearly outmatched.
For a martial artist, hesitating and losing confidence can significantly weaken their performance. As Miles’ confidence waned, Atlas’ dominance became increasingly overwhelming. He nearly pushed Miles into a corner.
“Is this the best the Sword Union disciple has? I overestimated you!”
Atlas taunted between attacks. “Your weak skills won’t save you. Surrender now if you want to live. Keep this up, and you’re finished.”
When his relentless assault failed to secure a quick victory, Atlas resorted to verbal barbs to provoke Miles. Martial artist elders knew losing one’s cool could lead to fatal mistakes. It could even turn the best techniques into clumsy moves.
Atlas was ready to exploit any opening and deliver a decisive blow to defeat Miles.
“What’s the matter? Still planning to fight to the death? I’m giving you a chance to live. Losing to me should be an honor for you. Accept it and spare yourself the humiliation,” Atlas continued to jeer.
Miles seethed with anger as his mind was consumed by fury. “Do you have a death wish?”
At that moment, he finally lost his temper. Contrary to Atlas’ expectations, Miles didn’t lose his mind. Instead, his anger fueled his courage.
He shed all hesitation and restraint. His demeanor underwent a stark transformation as his attacks turned fiercely aggressive.
Facing Atlas’ strategy of trading injuries, Miles disregarded caution and confronted him directly. If Atlas aimed for his head, Miles targeted his neck. If Atlas attacked his chest, Miles aimed for his skull.
Atlas had previously relied on his armor to absorb blows, but now Miles was fighting as if he had nothing to lose. He was even prepared to risk his life to defeat Atlas. This relentless aggression caught Atlas off guard and forced him into a defensive stance.
“Holy crap! Has this kid lost it?” Atlas’ eyes widened in shock. He quickly switched from offense to defense.
He had intended to expose Miles’ weakness by provoking him, but his strategy backfired. He had triggered Miles’ reckless onslaught that forced him into full defense mode.
Atlas’ armor protected most of his vital areas, but Miles’ relentless strikes targeted his neck and head. Atlas just wanted to win the fight and not gamble with his life. However, Miles’ all-or- nothing assault left him feeling utterly bewildered.
Miles’ eyes blazed with fury as he roared, “Is that everything you got? Let’s do this. Worst case scenario, we both go down!”
His attacks were fierce and relentless, with no regard for defense. On the contrary, Atlas kept retreating and struggled to fend off Miles’ onslaught.
Miles had always been stronger than Atlas, but fear of injury had held him back. Now, anger had stripped away his hesitation.
Determined to prove himself and uphold the Sword Union’s honor, he fought with all his might. Gradually, he began to turn the tide of the match.
“Damn it! You’re insane!” Atlas shouted. “Referee, I quit! I surrender!”
He was terrified by Miles’ ferocity. He knew he couldn’t win.
Terrified by Miles’ ferocity and knowing he couldn’t win, he promptly jumped out of the battle ring and conceded defeat. He understood that persisting in the fight would endanger his life against Miles’ relentless aggression.
###Chapter 2264 by Marina Vittori
Atlas conceded defeat decisively. However, even after he jumped out of the battle ring, the enraged Miles pursued him with his sword. He looked like he was out for blood.
“Hey! What are you doing? I already surrendered! What else do you want?” Atlas cried out in fear as he dodged each vicious strike.
He hadn’t expected Miles to go berserk. Miles was fighting with a relentless fury as if he were willing to go down with him. If he had known, he wouldn’t have provoked Miles earlier.
Atlas’ pleas fell on deaf ears as Miles’ sword continued its relentless assault. Each blow aimed at Atlas’ throat.
Upon seeing Atlas in danger, the referee finally stepped in. With a swift movement, he effortlessly caught Miles sword between two fingers.
“Contestant Number 34 has conceded. The match is over. No fighting outside the battle ring,” the referee said calmly. His commanding voice snapped Miles out of his rage.
Miles’ anger gradually faded as he regained his composure. “Sorry, I got carried away.” He quickly sheathed his sword and apologized.
Yet, he was astonished that the referee had effortlessly stopped his powerful thrust with just two fingers.
This unassuming referee was clearly a hidden expert. It was a reminder not to underestimate the monks of Sacred Wyrm Summit.
“Damn it! How did I end up fighting a psycho like you? This isn’t fun anymore. I’m out,” Atlas cursed and quickly stormed off.
“The winner is contestant number 12,” the referee announced loudly.
The crowd immediately burst into cheers. Those who had bet on Miles rejoiced and celebrated their victory.
“We did it. Miles won!” Ruby shouted as she jumped up in excitement.
Miles’ victory wasn’t just a personal triumph. It was also a source of pride for the Sword Union. As a guild member, preserving honor was paramount, and he had certainly upheld their reputation in the match.
“I never expected Mr. Young to be so brave. This calls for celebration,” Dalen remarked with a smile and fanned himself.
He had always believed that if Miles fought bravely, victory was within reach. It all hinged on whether Miles dared to risk everything. His sudden surge of strength had certainly impressed Dalen.
In the martial world, one couldn’t expect to go far without the courage to risk it all.
“Miles has finally broken through his limits. From now on, his mindset and skills will soar to new heights.” Crystal, typically stoic, smiled warmly. She was proud of Miles’ victory.
“Number 12 really pulled it off! I thought he was going to lose, but in a surprising twist, he won. That’s impressive,” Alicia cheered from the stands.
She had placed her bet on Miles, so she had been rooting for him to win. Despite the rollercoaster match, it ended on a high note.
“Fortune favors the brave. Once he went all out, it completely turned the match around,” Aurora agreed with a nod.
While skill mattered, courage was equally important. She had definitely gained some valuable insights that day.
“Fuck! What the hell? Number 34 was all aggressive earlier in the match and now he’s chickened out? What a coward!”
“Ugh! If I knew this was going to happen, I wouldn’t have bet on him. I’m broke now.”
“Screw this! Give me my money back!”
In every match, there were winners and losers. Those who had placed their bets correctly celebrated in joy, while those who hadn’t cursed their luck and regretted their choices. Once the match result was announced, it was final and immutable.
The battle ring was a whirlwind of changing fortunes. What seemed like a certain victory one moment could turn into sudden defeat the next. It was this unpredictability that made the match so captivating.
As applause filled the arena, Miles returned to his seat. He was visibly exhausted as he gasped for breath.
His impressive performance had already started to earn him recognition. He could rise to fame if he kept winning and made it into Group A.
After Miles’ match ended, the next round began. The referee called up contestants number 5 and 19.
Contestant number 5 was a priest. He was clad in a tattered robe adorned with a circlet and rosary beads around his neck. In addition to his attire, he also wielded a blade.
He was an ascetic priest. These special beings rigorously trained their minds and bodies through asceticism. Despite their rarity, they were known for their incredible strength.
They could endure unimaginable pain and suffering. Plus, they could remain calm and unfazed even under extreme torture or the threat of death. Their extraordinary willpower surpassed that of ordinary people and had reached an awe-inspiring level.
Ascetic priests usually shunned fame and fortune. Instead, they focused solely on practicing asceticism. Therefore, it came as a surprise when one of them appeared at the tournament.
Soon, whispers began to ripple through the crowd.
###Chapter 2265 by Marina Vittori
“What’s going on? Isn’t that man supposed to be an ascetic priest? What is he doing at a Combat Tournament?”
“They say ascetic priests aren’t interested in power or wealth. Yet, here he is, stepping into the battle ring. It’s really strange.”
“Wait! I know him. He’s the renegade among the ascetic priests, Thaddeus Savier.”
“What? Father Savier? Are you talking about the same guy who slaughtered an entire family in a fit of rage eight years ago?”
The mention of Thaddeus’ name caused a stir in the crowd. There were only a few ascetic priests in the world, and he stood out distinctly among them.
No one knew what had happened. But rumors circulated that he had allegedly slain 17 members of the guildmaster’s family from the Sable Order in one night eight years ago.
Since then, Thaddeus had forsaken his vows entirely. He indulged in all sorts of vices-drinking, women, and money.
His temper was notoriously explosive. Plus, he was quick to resort to violence at the slightest provocation. Due to his background in asceticism and formidable strength, hardly anyone dared to confront him.
Thaddeus entered the battle ring to win the tournament and establish his reputation. Once inside, he paid no mind to appearances. He casually took a swig from the flask at his waist and savored every drop.
Soon after, a handsome, refined young man with a folding fan entered the battle ring. His movements were deliberate and composed, with the number 19 tag hanging from his waist.
As Dustin looked closely at the handsome young man, he raised an eyebrow with interest. He quickly recognized Dalen, who possessed a beauty that rivaled most women.
Dalen not only had very striking looks but also had a profound cultivation skill that kept everyone guessing.
As the successor of the Shadow Citadel, Dalen had been deliberately kept out of the public eye. Therefore, when he entered the battle ring at Sacred Wyrm Summit, he intended to seize the opportunity to make a memorable impression.
“Wow, Number 19 is such a hottie! I’m totally crushing on him.”
“He’s definitely handsome. It would be amazing to marry someone like him.”
“Oh no! I think I’m in love.”
Dalen’s presence caused a stir among the female spectators in the stands. Their eyes seemed to sparkle as they couldn’t tear themselves away from him.
Some daring ones even edged closer to the battle ring to express their admiration. At that instant, any sense of restraint or decorum was thrown out the window.
When a man was exceptionally handsome, he didn’t need to make much effort. A smile or a glance could easily captivate numerous women. That was the allure of good looks.
“Hmph! What’s the point of being handsome? He’s just a pretty boy toy. A real man speaks with strength.”
“You’re right. Look at his skinny arms and legs. Where’s the strength in that? If there’s a fight, he’ll probably end up with a black eye.”
“Fuck! How dare he flirt with my girlfriend! He’s probably not even good in bed!”
Dalen’s good looks attracted countless women and aroused plenty of jealousy among men. It was a mixed blessing for him.
“Alicia, do you know who contestant number 19 is?” Aurora asked excitedly. “He’s really handsome.”
As a woman, she couldn’t help but appreciate his good looks. She wasn’t infatuated with Dalen, but she just admired his allure.
“He doesn’t look familiar. I’ve never seen him before.” Alicia shook her head.
Like Aurora, she was also mesmerized by his beauty. Alicia knew that if Dalen were a woman, her fifth place on the Beauty Ranking list would likely drop a few spots.
“He is Dalen Shade, the successor of Shadow Citadel,” Grace interjected. Her intelligence network was extensive, including anyone with strength and potential.
“The successor of Shadow Citadel?” Alicia and Aurora exchanged glances.
Their curiosity was piqued.
The Shadow Citadel was a mysterious guild that straddled the moral divide between good and evil. While not as influential as the Celestial Alliance, they wield significant power in their domain.
However, their reputation leaves much to be desired. They were primarily involved in shady dealings, with many members working as assassins. Their experts could also be hired as bodyguards at the right price.
Despite their tarnished image, no one doubted their strength. They thrive in a ruthless world where only the most skilled survive.
“Here we have the successor of Shadow Citadel up against a powerful ascetic priest. Who do you think we should bet on?” Aurora couldn’t help but ask. Since winning her bet on Miles, she started to enjoy the thrill of gambling.
“The successor of Shadow Citadel sure is handsome. But looks don’t win battles. You need real strength. My bet’s on the ascetic priest, Number 5,” Alicia replied thoughtfully.
In a beauty contest, Dalen might outshine Thaddeus easily. But in the ring, Thaddeus was the more formidable one.
“I think Number 19 has better odds of winning,” Dustin suddenly said.
His words instantly grabbed everyone’s attention.
###Chapter 2266 by Marina Vittori
“Number 19?” Alicia looked at Dustin with a puzzled expression. “Dr. Rhys, why do you think he can win?”
Aurora commented, “Number 5 is the ascetic priest. Even though they’re evenly matched, he seems almost unbeatable. Number 19 may be the successor of Shadow Citadel, but he seems inexperienced. In every aspect, he’s clearly no match for Number 5.”
Despite Dalen’s handsome appearance, he paled in comparison to Thaddeus in strength. They couldn’t understand why Dustin’s opinion differed so much from theirs.
“I know Number 19. Despite his gentle appearance, he’s quite skilled. He shouldn’t have much trouble defeating that ascetic priest,” Dustin replied casually.
“Really?” Alicia raised an eyebrow in surprise. She hadn’t anticipated Dustin knowing Dalen, let alone being so confident in his assessment.
“In that case, let’s bet on him,” she decided without hesitation.
Regardless of whether Dustin was truthful or accurate in his assessment, Alicia felt compelled to respect his opinion. Even if she ended up losing, she wouldn’t complain. After all, earning his favor meant more to her than losing a few celestial stones.
“Dr. Rhys has a lot of faith in Number 19, so he must be strong. Let’s bet on him.” Aurora quickly understood Alicia’s intent and voiced her support.
“If that’s the case, count me in too.” Grace joined in enthusiastically. Soon, the three women bet all their celestial stones on Dalen to show their trust in Dustin.
Their bold move didn’t go unnoticed among the nearby gamblers. Despite their striking beauty, many considered them naive for betting everything on Dalen. They knew it was risky, especially with Thaddeus holding overwhelming odds in the match.
Even a grandmaster martial artist would find it daunting to defeat Thaddeus. Therefore, betting on Dalen seemed like throwing money away. The wise choice was clearly to bet on Thaddeus.
Miles, driven by his gambling urges, couldn’t help but ask, “Crystal, should we bet on Mr. Shade or the ascetic priest?”
He typically relied on his own judgment and rarely sought advice. However, after making several bad choices, he endured crushing defeats and accumulated debts.
Crystal was known for making insightful predictions that proved consistently accurate. Miled had to reluctantly acknowledge her skill since he had no other viable options.
“Even though we should support Mr. Shade, doesn’t the ascetic priest have a better chance of winning? Logically, Number 5 would be our best bet.” Ruby rubbed her chin thoughtfully.
“The ascetic priest is strong, but Mr. Shade isn’t your average opponent. I still can’t quite gauge his abilities. If you’re placing bets, my money would be on him,” Crystal said.
Miles asked tentatively, “Crystal, are you supporting Mr. Shade out of obligation?”
“Do you honestly think I’d do something like that?” she retorted sternly.
“Of course not,” Miles replied with an awkward smile. “If you’re betting on Mr. Shade, count us in.” With those words, he glanced at Ruby.
“Let’s give it a shot,” Ruby said and nodded.
Each took a handful of celestial stones and placed their bets on Dalen. Their stakes were modest so that any potential loss wouldn’t sting too much.
Their hesitant gestures revealed their uncertainty about Dalen’s abilities. Crystal influenced their decision more than their confidence. After all, they hadn’t witnessed Dalen in action often enough to gauge his true strength.
“Come on, everyone. The match is about to begin. Get your bets in now,” Abigail shouted. A few hired helpers joined her to amp up the excitement in the crowd.
“I’m betting on Number 5, Father Savier.”
“Me too, Number 5.”
“Get out of the way! I’m going all in. No way a boy toy can beat the ascetic priest.
The gamblers rushed to place their bets. Thaddeus was the undeniable favorite, with only a handful betting on Dalen.
Surprisingly, many young women placed their bets on Dalen, even though they knew he was likely to lose. They enthusiastically supported him and were willing to accept the result. It was a testament to the irresistible appeal of good looks.
“Are the contestants ready?” The referee stepped between Dalen and Thaddeus. He waited for their nods before raising his hand and sharply dropping it.
“Let the match begin!”
###Chapter 2267 by Marina Vittori
After the referee signaled the start of the round, the crowd was cheering and rallying enthusiastically. Most were rooting for Thaddeus due to his formidable strength and put off by Dalen’s appearance.
“Kid, you should just give up now,” Thaddeus said while sipping his drink. ” Otherwise, you’re going to end up with broken limbs once the fight starts.”
He didn’t take Dalen, a guy in his 20s, seriously at all. Thaddeus’ goal was to defeat the top contenders in Group A. To him, the elites in Group B were just stepping stones.
“Father Savier, isn’t it inappropriate for a priest to enter a battle ring against younger opponents?” Dalen smiled and lightly waved his folding fan.
“What’s wrong with that?” Thaddeus countered. “Priests are human too, with the same emotions and desires as anyone else. Those you see claiming to be above it all are just hypocrites.
“Sure, they act pious, but who knows what they’re up to in private? At least I’m honest about my desires. Like they say, ‘live life to the fullest.'”
“I don’t agree with your view.” Dalen shook his head and smiled. “Weren’t you once a devoted priest before you broke your vows?”
Thaddeus, an ascetic priest, had endured rigorous physical and spiritual training. Only a major provocation could shake his steadfast faith.
He scoffed. “The past is behind me, and now I see things clearly. I used to be naive and too trusting, which led to unnecessary suffering.
“Now I have awakened to this realization. I’m living comfortably and enjoying life. Life is short. So, why endure hardship when we can enjoy wealth and comfort? Doesn’t it seem foolish to choose otherwise?”
“It seems you have forsaken asceticism for a different path.” Dalen was unfazed.
“True. I’m no longer an ascetic priest. But my skills are as sharp as ever. If you insist on suffering, I won’t hesitate to oblige,” Thaddeus replied coldly.
“In that case, I’m ready to learn from you today,” Dalen said respectfully.
“Hmph! Have it your way!”
Thaddeus raised his flask, took a swig, and spat a mouthful of liquor in Dalen’s direction.
Suddenly, flames erupted from the liquor. It swirled like a living creature and transformed into a flaming red dragon that charged at Dalen.
Dalen smiled faintly. He didn’t dodge or flinch. Instead, he calmly raised his folding fan and waved it toward the flaming dragon.
A powerful gust of wind burst forth. It sliced through the air with razor-sharp blades that tore the flaming dragon into pieces. The scattered flames vanished without a trace.
Their first clash ended in a draw, with neither gaining the upper hand.
“Hmm?” Thaddeus raised an eyebrow in surprise as he watched Dalen neutralize the flaming dragon he had unleashed. He begrudgingly acknowledged Dalen’s skill.
“Again!” Thaddeus declared defiantly. He took another swig of his liquor, then spewed another blast at Dalen.
But unlike the flame dragon earlier, this spray transformed into a swirling icy fog that swept toward Dalen. The temperature plummeted sharply, and it froze everything in its path.
“Oh? Now this is getting interesting,” Dalen remarked. He was intrigued by the unusual blend of fire and ice.
As the icy fog closed in, he remained still. With a wave of his folding fan, he unleashed a powerful gust of wind. A surge of raw energy burst forth, accompanied by a tornado that crashed into the fog.
Crackling sounds echoed through the air like popped corn.
The icy fog crystallized into tiny ice shards that rained like hailstones onto the ground below. In mere seconds, the icy fog dissipated entirely. It left behind scattered fragments of ice in its wake.
“Impossible!” Thaddeus frowned in frustration as his attacks failed again.
The skills he had just displayed were more than enough to deal with most divine martial artists. Yet, Dalen proved a different challenge. He effortlessly neutralized Thaddeus’s every move. It was perplexing.
“Father Savier, resorting to such tactics seems disrespectful for an ascetic priest. If we’re to spar, demonstrate your true skills.” Dalen smiled faintly as he casually waved his folding fan.
His confident and elegant demeanor caused a group of women in the stand to scream excitedly.
###Chapter 2268 by Marina Vittori
“Wow! He’s so charming. He really embodies the saying, ‘Like a gem among men, unmatched in the world.'”
“Not only is he handsome, but he’s also a great fighter. I’m in love.”
“Go, Honey! You’re the best.”
Every move Dalen made stirred waves of excitement among the crowd. Young women were completely captivated. Their eyes gleamed with admiration as they watched him in action.
If Dalen were just a pretty face, it wouldn’t matter much. But his effortless deflection of Thaddeus’ attacks twice demonstrated his formidable skill.
His striking good looks and exceptional talent naturally drew the attention of the women in the stands.
“Screw that! He just lucked out dodging a few moves. What’s the big deal? He’s just trying to show off.”
“He looks like a sissy but doesn’t seem to have any real skills. Once Father Savier got serious, he’d crush him in seconds!”
“Go, Father Savier! Take down this boy toy.”
The male spectators grumbled discontentedly, unlike the female fans. They questioned the worth of Dalen’s good looks. To them, strength mattered most.
They wanted him to demonstrate his worth by defeating Thaddeus rather than just striking poses, which they found irritating.
“Kid, looks like you’ve got some skills after all. You handled my ‘ice and fire’ combo quite nicely. Perhaps I underestimated you.” Thaddeus narrowed his eyes.
“Father Savier, being careless isn’t a good habit. Even though I’m a newcomer, I’m no pushover. Let’s see what you’ve got. I’m eager to find out,” Dalen replied.
“You want to see my moves? I’m not sure you’re ready to handle it.” Thaddeus shook his head.
“Oh? So, you’re confident of an easy win?” Dalen smirked.
“I’m going to make a move. If you can handle it, I’ll show you what I’m really capable of,” Thaddeus said calmly.
“Fine. Go ahead.” Dalen folded his fan and gestured with his hand.
“Kid, watch closely.” Thaddeus drew a deep breath. His muscles swelled, and veins bulged under his skin.
Suddenly, a brilliant golden light burst forth from his body and enveloped him completely. He seemed almost mythical as he radiated a magnificent power that swept through the arena.
Some spectators near the battle ring felt an unsettling heaviness in their chests as though burdened by a massive weight.
At that moment, Thaddeus was bathed in a brilliant golden light. The light quickly transformed into a towering, 90 -foot-tall figure of an Angry Ironfist. He slowly raised his hand, and the massive figure mirrored his gesture perfectly.
“Fenley, what move is this? It seems familiar,” Alicia couldn’t help but ask as she watched.
“This is the Zen ultimate technique called Zenith Skill,” Fenley explained. ” When mastered, it enhances defense and boosts strength significantly. The unique aspect of Zenith Skill is its ability to synergize with other martial arts techniques to produce unexpected effects.”
“Really?” She raised her eyebrow in surprise.
“I think Father Savier is just warming up with his Zenith Skill. The real attack is still to come,” Fenley said, watching the two figures on the battle ring with keen interest.
“That handsome guy looks like he’s in trouble.” Alicia couldn’t help but worry. She didn’t want to see someone so attractive get hurt.
“Zenith Skill? This is interesting,” Dalen remarked impassively as he swayed his folding fan.
Among the 36 ultimate techniques of Zen, the Zenith Skill held considerable renown in the martial world. Yet, Dalen sensed it didn’t reveal its true power when used alone. He surmised that Thaddeus likely had other moves up his sleeve.
“Palm of Justice!” Thaddeus roared after gathering his strength.
He raised his hand and slammed it down fiercely toward Dalen. The Angry Ironfist that encased Thaddeus replicated the attack in perfect synchrony.
A thunderous explosion echoed through the air.
Suddenly, a colossal shadow of a golden palm materialized out of thin air, towering like a mountain, slamming toward Dalen. As it swept across the arena, fierce winds roared and sent sand and stones scattering everywhere.
Dalen faced the enormous palm without flinching. His hair whipped wildly in the tumultuous wind, and his robes fluttered loudly around him. Yet, he remained calm and lightly swayed his folding fan with a faint smile.
“Damn! Is this kid out of his mind? He’s not even trying to dodge!”
“He looks frozen like he doesn’t know how to fight back.”
“The Zenith Skill combined with the Palm of Justice is deadly. Even grandmaster martial artists wouldn’t dare take it head-on. This pretty boy is toast today!”
Dalen’s bold move ignited a storm of whispers among the audience. Concerned young women gasped and urged caution while male spectators watched eagerly.
After all, Thaddeus’ devastating palm strike was something only a grandmaster martial artist could withstand.
###Chapter 2269 by Marina Vittori
Amid the crowd’s intense anticipation, Thaddeus’ Palm of Justice finally crashed upon Dalen’s head with immense force.
A loud roar echoed through the arena as a tidal wave of terrifying energy erupted outward. The spectacle was awe -inspiring, and the pressure was unfathomable.
A sudden gust of wind hit the spectators. It caused their hair to stand on end and forced them to squint against the unexpected rush of air.
As the tension settled and silence descended, all eyes turned to the battle ring, where a startling scene unfolded.
They thought Thaddeus’s strike had sealed Dalen’s fate unless he dodged it. To their surprise, Dalen emerged from the attack unscathed, not a hair out of place nor a mark on his pristine clothes.
The sight stunned everyone as they struggled to comprehend what had transpired in that crucial moment.
Why was Dalen unharmed? Could Thaddeus have held back? Such thoughts raced through their minds, even as the lingering shockwave from their clash reverberated through the arena.
“What’s going on? That boy toy didn’t die?”
“That’s weird. He took both the Zenith Skill and the Palm of Justice head-on. He shouldn’t have survived that.”
“Damn it! Is this some kind of supernatural trick?”
Seeing Dalen completely unscathed, the spectators exchanged bewildered glances. They were displeased with the outcome.
Alicia’s eyes widened in disbelief. “Am I seeing things? The handsome guy, blocked Father Savier’s attack?”
She had been certain that when Thaddeus unleashed the Zenith Skill with the Palm of Justice, Dalen would be doomed. To her surprise, he emerged unscathed.
“I just saw a flash of white light around Number 19. Could that be the reason?” Aurora frowned in confusion.
“That’s the Shadow Citadel’s defense arts, the Evasio Incantation,” Grace explained.
“The Evasio Incantation? Is it really that effective?” Alicia was intrigued.
“Yes,” Grace replied with a smile. “It’s on par with Sacred Wrym Summit’s Glow Incantation. Once mastered, you’ll become impervious to blades and flames.”
Alicia was in awe. “On par with the Glow Incantation? No wonder he could block Father Savier’s Palm of Justice earlier.”
Despite her unfamiliarity with the Evasio Incantation, she was familiar with the Glow Incantation. Its ability to rival such a renowned Glow Incantation was noteworthy.
“If Number 19 has that Evasio Incantation protecting him, today’s match might get more interesting,” Aurora said eagerly.
Thaddeus’ fierce attacks were met with Dalen’s equally resolute defense. Their confrontation resembled a clash between spear and shield.
Would Thaddeus break through Dalen’s defenses, or would Dalen withstand the onslaught? It was an eagerly anticipated match.
“Father Savier, what do you think? Have I earned the chance to see your true skills?” Dalen twirled his folding fan with a gentle smile. His charismatic and handsome presence captured the attention of many young women in the stands.
“Was that the Evasio Incantation you just used?” Thaddeus frowned. His demeanor was now serious rather than dismissive.
“You have a keen eye. Yes, it was the Evasio Incantation,” Dalen admitted openly.
“I didn’t expect you to be from the Shadow Citadel,” Thaddeus remarked as he eyed Dalen. “Mastering the Evasio Incantation at your age is truly impressive. Looks like I’ll need to bring my A-game today if I want to stand a chance against you.”
The Evasio Incantation was infamous for its impenetrable defense. It was akin to an unconquerable fortress once unleashed. Breaking through it demanded sheer determination and relentless effort.
“Father Savier, please.” Dalen smiled and extended his hand.
Thaddeus reached for the blade at his waist.
The weapon was not long. It measured just over two feet in length and had an icy-blue surface adorned with undulating patterns reminiscent of ocean waves. In the sunlight, it gleamed with a deep, almost mystical blue hue.
He said, “This is Voidcleaver. The blade measured two feet and three inches in length, with a width of two inches.
“It was forged from meteoric iron and boasted indestructibility with a sharpness that could cut through iron. It’s been my companion for 13 years, and vanquished countless evil spirits.”
Thaddeus ran his fingers along the dagger’s edge as he held it horizontally.
“It’s an impressive blade.” Dalen examined it closely and admired its craftsmanship.
“Yes. It is finely crafted, but I seldom use it. Once unsheathed, blood must be spilled,” Thaddeus said impassively.
He went on, “Since you’ve pushed me to this point, be prepared to face this blade. We have no grievances, and I’m reluctant to resort to violence.
“This is your final chance. Surrender now, and your life will be spared. But if you choose otherwise, be prepared for the consequences.”
“I appreciate your kindness. But in the battle ring, surrender is not an option. Let fate decide our fates,” Dalen replied calmly.
“Well said. Let fate decide.” Thaddeus’s eyes turned cold. “Since you won’t heed my advice, blame only yourself for what follows.”
With that, he shot forward with Voidcleaver in his hand. Then, he slashed toward Dalen’s head with lightning speed.
###Chapter 2270 by Marina Vittori
Thaddeus’ blade moved with blinding speed. It was so fast that it was almost a blur of blue light.
Unlike the previous techniques, the Zenith Skill and the Palm of Justice, this was pure physical power-extreme speed and explosive force.
The blade sliced through the air and tore it apart without making a sound.
“What an incredible speed,” Crystal said, her eyes widening in shock.
The saying “experts recognize expertise “couldn’t have been more apt. Though Thaddeus’ strike seemed simple, it showcased terrifying speed and power.
At that moment, she truly understood the formidable nature of the ascetic priest.
Thaddeus’ cultivation was profound. But even his physical body was honed to perfection. He was a rare martial artist who excelled both internally and externally. Such a person could easily challenge a grandmaster martial artist.
Before anyone could react, Thaddeus’ blade was already inches away from Dalen. However, just as Voidcleaver was about to land, a white light flashed around Dalen.
Dalen had used the Evasio Incantation again. Thaddeus’ blade merely caused ripples across his body without harming him.
Undeterred by the ineffective strike, Thaddeus immediately followed up with another slash aimed at Dalen’s chest. The strike was fast and powerful. It was nearly impossible to defend against.
Dalen was again enveloped in a bright white light, which blocked Thaddeus’ second strike.
Thaddeus, seemingly unfazed and prepared, continued his relentless assault. He began to swing his Voidcleaver wildly.
The air was filled with streaks of blue light darting back and forth, mixed with occasional bright white flashes.
The Evasio Incantation, renowned for its impenetrable defense, shielded Dalen from all physical harm-blades, bullets, water, and fire. Thaddeus was well aware of its formidable power.
He knew breaking through the Evasio Incantation with the Voidcleaver was no simple feat. His only hope lay in exhausting Dalen’s true energy, leaving him unable to use it.
With a focused strategy, Thaddeus planned to overpower Dalen with a relentless flurry of swift strikes. As soon as Dalen’s stamina faltered, Thaddeus would seize his opportunity.
Thaddeus, an ascetic priest, had pushed his physical limits to the extreme. He was capable of unleashing terrifying force without relying on true energy. His endurance was unmatched.
Unlike most martial artists who would falter once their true energy was exhausted, he thrived in prolonged combat. The longer the fight, the stronger he became.
Thaddeus knew the Evasio Incantation was no match for his relentless assault. He was confident he would eventually break through if he kept attacking fiercely. With this mindset, he launched a barrage of vicious strikes at Dalen.
On the contrary, Dalen was constantly on the defensive. He allowed Thaddeus to attack freely.
At first, the audience didn’t notice anything unusual. They thought Thaddeus seemed to be exerting effort in vain.
As time passed, many began to sense something was wrong. The Evasio Incantation was undeniably powerful and nearly impervious in its defense.
Regardless of how powerful the Evasio Incantation might be, it had a significant downside. It consumed a lot of true energy, and without a deep reservoir, sustaining it for long periods was impossible.
Despite Dalen’s skill, he was still young. If he continued to use the Evasio Incantation at this rate, he would be completely exhausted in less than half an hour. At that point, he’ll be like a lamb to the slaughter.
“Why isn’t Mr. Shade fighting back, Crystal? Isn’t he at a disadvantage?”
Ruby asked, staring intently at the battle ring.
“Thaddeus’ strikes are too fast and relentless,” Crystal replied solemnly. ” Mr. Shade is relying on the Evasio Incantation. If he tries to counterattack, Thaddeus will easily exploit any weaknesses.”
“Thaddeus is insanely strong, like he never tires out. How can anyone withstand that?” Miles frowned. “If this drags on and Mr. Shade exhausts himself or can’t use the Evasio Incantation, it’s game over.”
“That’s the terrifying aspect of ascetic priests.” Crystal sighed.
The ascetic priests balance both inner cultivation and astonishing physical strength. In a prolonged battle, nobody stood a chance against them.
“It looks like the handsome guy, Number 19, is struggling,” Alicia said. ” Even though the Evasio Incantation is powerful, the ascetic priest is relentless. His strikes keep getting stronger, and it doesn’t even look like he’s using his full strength. He is such a beast.”
“Ascetic priests are exceedingly rare, and each one is exceptional.” Grace sighed. “We’re fortunate that Thaddeus hasn’t reached the grandmaster level yet, or it would be even more terrifying.”
Thaddeus was halfway to becoming a grandmaster, yet his strength matched that of a Grandmaster. Even a regular grandmaster martial artist might struggle against him.
“So, are you saying the handsome guy will be defeated?” Aurora asked anxiously.
“Not necessarily,” Dustin replied calmly. “Thaddeus is indeed formidable, but Dalen is no slouch either. They’re just warming up. The outcome is still uncertain.”
###Chapter 2271 by Marina Vittori
“Oh? Dr. Rhys, are you that confident? Does Dalen have some secret moves?” Alicia raised an eyebrow. Her curiosity was piqued.
“Shadow Citadel’s skills aren’t limited to just the Evasio Incantation. If Dalen is brave enough to enter the tournament, he must have some tricks up his sleeve. I believe that with his strength, he won’t stop here,” Dustin said calmly. He could tell Dalen had yet to show his full potential.
Despite his carefree demeanor, Dalen was hiding his true abilities. Therefore, advancing to Group A would be effortless for him.
“Since you think so highly of him, let’s wait and see what surprises Dalen has in store.” Alicia smiled faintly and didn’t press further. She didn’t doubt Dustin’s assessment but wondered what made him think so highly of Dalen.
Meanwhile, Thaddeus continued his relentless assault in the battle ring. He swung the Voidcleaver in a frenzy. Each swing left behind a mesmerizing trail of deadly blue arcs.
“Kid, surrender now! Your Evasio Incantation won’t last forever. Once your true energy runs out, you’re finished.” Frustrated by the lack of progress, Thaddeus began to use psychological attacks.
Even though he had the upper hand, he didn’t want to waste his stamina and true energy on Dalen, as he had more matches ahead. Overexerting himself now would undoubtedly impact his performance later on.
“I doubt you can drain my true energy so easily, Father Savier. You’ll need stronger moves than these weak attacks.” Dalen smiled and casually fanned himself. He seemed entirely at ease, as if he were just a bystander watching the fight.
“I’m giving you a chance, kid. Don’t be so ungrateful.” Thaddeus’s voice turned icy. “We have nothing against each other. I don’t want unnecessary bloodshed, so I’ve been holding back. But if you insist, you only have yourself to blame for what follows.”
“In this battle ring, life and death hang in the balance. So, please give it your all. If I lose, it’s simply because I wasn’t good enough. It’s not your fault, Father Savier,” Dalen said with a smile.
“Fine. If that’s how you want to play it, I’m not holding back.”
Thaddeus was infuriated with Dalen’s attitude. He intended to save some killer moves for the tougher opponents later, but it seemed he had no choice but to use them now.
If he continued to be worn down by Dalen’s Evasio Incantation, Thaddeus knew he would be defeated.
Thaddeus suddenly paused his attack and took a deep breath. At that instant, the blue glow of his Voidcleaver blade flared and emitted a sharp, piercing sound. Then, a terrifying, oppressive force burst out from Thaddeus’s body.
Thunder seemed to rumble in the sky. The next second, fierce winds whipped around, and a chilling cold enveloped the entire arena.
The spectators shivered involuntarily. They instinctively pulled their clothes tighter as if they had been transported from a sunny area to a frozen wasteland.
“What’s going on? Why did it get so cold all of a sudden?”
“There’s something strange about that blade. The cold radiated from it is incredible.”
“Looks like Father Savier is about to make a lethal move!”
The sudden turn of events caused an uproar among the spectators.
Unlike his previous aggressive strikes, Thaddeus now seemed like a predator lying in wait. He was ready to unleash a fatal blow at any moment.
“Frostfire Strike!” After a brief buildup, Thaddeus shouted. He swung his Voidcleaver from above and aimed at Dalen’s head.
At the same time, a strange scene unfolded.
As the blade descended, the cold blue glow suddenly turned fiery red, and the temperature around them began to rise rapidly.
The spectators felt like they had gone from a freezing blizzard to a scorching heat wave in the blink of an eye. The swift change from extreme cold to intense heat left many with racing hearts and nausea.
A resonant hum filled the air as the Voidcleaver released a wave of energy that distorted the air and made the ground tremble.
“Impressive move!” Dalen’s eyes sparked with interest as he observed the sudden change in Thaddeus’ blade technique.
Dalen unexpectedly stopped using the Evasio Incantation and dropped his defensive stance. Instead, he swiftly thrust his folding fan like a sword toward the Voidcleaver.
“You fool!” Thaddeus sneered.
He increased the force of his strike. His blade came down with even more deadly power. He felt that Dalen’s actions were nothing short of suicidal.
Even if Dalen concentrated solely on his Evasio Incantation, Thaddeus knew his attack wouldn’t be strong enough to break through. Yet, Dalen’s choice to go on the offensive seemed akin to a moth flying into a flame.
###Chapter 2272 by Marina Vittori
Under the intense gaze of the spectators, Thaddeus’ Voidcleaver clashed with Dalen’s folding fan. To be precise, Dalen’s fan struck Thaddeus’ blade.
A thunderous bang echoed as their weapons collided. It unleashed a powerful energy wave that radiated from the point of impact.
The shockwave swept through the surroundings, sending dust and debris flying. Spectators near the battle ring had to shield their eyes from the whirlwind of grit.
The two men were locked in a standoff on the battle ring. Dalen’s folding fan, like a sword, tapped against Thaddeus’s blade. One was striking downward, the other thrusting upward, creating a deadlock in midair.
The spectators were stunned.
“Whoa! He actually blocked it? What’s going on?”
“Father Savier’s attack had the power of a grandmaster. It was a devastating strike, yet that pretty boy managed to counter it with finesse. Impressive!”
“Damn! How is the boy toy still alive?”
The spectators buzzed with mixed reactions. Some were shocked, some were frustrated, and others were disappointed. Most of them were dissatisfied with the outcome.
Some harbored an unexplained animosity toward Dalen, while others had placed heavy bets on Thaddeus, staunchly believing in him.
They initially thought the previous strike would end the fight. Surprisingly, the underestimated Dalen possessed extraordinary strength.
Despite Thaddeus’ ferocious attacks, Dalen pinpointed its weaknesses and countered with precision.
Dalen was unquestionably impressive. Even Alicia and the others couldn’t help but hold him in high esteem.
They had previously questioned why Dustin had so much confidence in Dalen. But now they understood that Dustin’s belief in him was justified. Dalen was indeed a hidden talent.
“Hmm?” Thaddeus frowned as he looked at Dalen, who stood unharmed despite being so close to him.
Like everyone watching below the battle ring, Thaddeus thought he could kill Dalen. Yet, he didn’t expect Dalen to deflect his powerful strike with just a folding fan. At that moment, he was curious about Dalen’s identity.
Thaddeus didn’t relent. He gripped the hilt of his blade with both hands and pressed downward with all his might.
His Voidcleaver trembled slightly, and the blue light intensified. At that instant, his blade aimed directly at Dalen’s neck and shoulder.
Thaddeus could overpower Dalen’s weapon with sufficient strength and inflict severe injury. After all, he was an ascetic priest. His physical strength was beyond ordinary martial artists, especially in raw power.
Yet, his confidence faltered when he noticed something amiss. Despite his efforts, his blade didn’t move. He noticed he wasn’t up against just a folding fan but an immovable mountain.
Dalen’s strength proved greater than Thaddeus had anticipated.
“Impossible!” Thaddeus’s eyes narrowed, and he was taken aback.
He had always been confident in his strength. Still, he couldn’t understand why he couldn’t gain any advantage over Dalen. He wondered whether Dalen was naturally gifted with Divine Strength.
“I don’t believe you don’t have any weaknesses!” Thaddeus was undeterred and spoke through gritted teeth.
His Voidcleaver abruptly changed course and slashed horizontally toward Dalen’s neck. The strike lacked overwhelming force but aimed for sheer speed to catch him off guard.
Instead of dodging or defending, Dalen countered fearlessly. His folding fan became a sword-like weapon and thrust toward Thaddeus’ chest.
It was a tense standoff, a potential life- or-death moment. Most would instinctively try to dodge or defend.
But Thaddeus didn’t flinch. He was confident he could decapitate Dalen before Dalen could stab his chest.
Two distinct sounds echoed simultaneously.
The first sound was slightly sharper when Thaddeus’s blade struck Dalen’s neck. But it was stopped by Dalen’s Evasio Incantation as soon as it touched his skin. The blade clashed against the enchantment with a metallic clang and sent out a ripple of subtle vibrations.
The second sound was softer when Dalen’s folding fan tapped Thaddeus’s chest. While it didn’t inflict serious injury, Thaddeus was forced to stagger several steps backward.
The clash between the two sides decided the outcome. It also caught the spectators off guard.
Most had bet heavily on Thaddeus and expected his easy victory over Dalen. As the fight unfolded, it defied everyone’s expectations.
Thaddeus didn’t win and was at a disadvantage during the exchange. Though he only retreated a few steps unscathed, those who had bet on him suddenly grew tense.
Unease swept through the spectators as doubts raced through their minds. No way! Was Thaddeus going to lose?
With each passing moment, they were gripped with fear and panic. After all, the outcome of the match was beyond their control.
###Chapter 2273 by Marina Vittori
“Father Savier, you truly live up to your reputation as an ascetic priest. I’m impressed with your physical strength, “Dalen remarked as he stared at the white mark on Thaddeus’ chest.
If a typical martial artist were struck in the chest by his folding fan, they would likely be seriously injured or dead. However, Thaddeus merely retreated several steps from the impact without a scratch.
There was no denying that the ascetic priest’s physical resilience far exceeded that of martial artists at his level.
“Kid, are you mocking me?” Thaddeus’ expression darkened. The praise felt offensive to him.
He had always seen Dalen as prey. Now, Dalen had unexpectedly taken control of the situation. Thaddeus felt uneasy and furious,
“You have misunderstood. I truly admire your skill. If you break through to grandmaster level, you’ll soar to new heights,” Dalen said sincerely.
Thaddeus surpassed other martial artists of his level due to his dual cultivation of both internal and external techniques.
Despite being 36 years old, he was disappointed that he hadn’t yet broken through to become a grandmaster martial artist. This limitation significantly restrained his strength and hindered his full potential.
The main reason for his delay in achieving this breakthrough was his extensive focus on refining his physical body.
While this emphasis resulted in a formidable physique, it significantly slowed his progress in cultivation. This was a common issue among martial artists who tried to excel internally and externally.
“Stop talking nonsense!” Thaddeus snapped. He became even more agitated.
He continued, “You think you’re tough just because you have that protective shield? Why don’t you drop it and fight me fair and square? Let’s see who is stronger.”
Dalen had the Evasio Incantation to protect himself, which always saved him in critical moments. Thaddeus knew he couldn’t do much until Dalen’s true energy ran out. Without the Evasio Incantation, he could easily take Dalen down in three strikes.
“Okay. Since you’re so eager, I won’t use the art of defense and will have a fair fight with you,” Dalen agreed without hesitation.
Thaddeus was bewildered by his response. He had spoken out of frustration and hadn’t expected Dalen
to agree. With the Evasio Incantation, Dalen was virtually unbeatable.
No one in their right mind would give up such a huge advantage to face their opponent’s strengths directly. Yet, that was exactly what Dalen did.
Either he was a fool, or his confidence bordered on arrogance. He didn’t even consider Thaddeus a worthy opponent at all.
“Kid, did I hear you right? Are you sure you won’t use any defensive skills?” Thaddeus was shocked and doubtful. He couldn’t figure out Dalen’s motive and wondered if he was playing a trick on him.
“Yes. A real man keeps his word. With so many people watching, do you think I’d back out now?” Dalen smiled faintly.
Thaddeus was thrilled to hear that.” Good for you. You’ve got the guts to face me without any defensive techniques. I respect that.” At that moment, he almost laughed out loud.
He never expected someone to be so foolish. With just a few casual taunts, Dalen had completely fallen for it. Dalen had abandoned his advantages and forfeited his chance to win in the battle ring. Thaddeus saw this as a golden opportunity.
Ruby stood up and shouted frantically, “Mr. Shade! He’s deliberately provoking you. Don’t fall for it!”
“Yeah, Mr. Shade! Winning the match is important. Don’t waste time with him. Go all out and finish the match quickly!” Miles echoed.
Crystal frowned but stayed silent.
To them, Dalen’s actions seemed foolish. Despite having the upper hand, he decided to fight Thaddeus directly.
No one understood his decision.
The spectators around the battle ring were in an uproar.
“That kid is way too arrogant. He’s not even taking Father Savier seriously.”
“Pride comes before a fall. Without his defensive skills, he’s just a lamb to the slaughter before Father Savier.”
“Great! Let Father Savier teach that pretty boy a lesson about the dangers of the martial world and the unpredictability of human nature.”
Dalen’s response brought unexpected delight to Thaddeus’ supporters, who had been tense and fearful after his earlier retreat.
If Thaddeus lost to Dalen, their losses would be significant. But Dalen’s arrogance had now renewed their hope for victory.
“Kid, I don’t take advantage of others. Since you’re not using your defensive skills, I’ll limit myself to three strikes,” Thaddeus said, extending three fingers toward Dalen.
He added confidently, “If you can withstand them, I’ll concede defeat immediately. But if you can’t, don’t blame me for going all out!”
“Okay,” Dalen replied with a smile. He nodded as he raised one hand in a gesture of invitation. “Go ahead, Father Savier. Please make your move.”
###Chapter 2274 by Marina Vittori
“Isn’t Dalen being overly confident by not using the Evasio Incantation to face an ascetic priest head-on?” Aurora frowned. She had been rooting for him, but this unexpected decision caught her off guard.
“I don’t think he’s being reckless. If he agrees to this, he must have a solid plan,” Alicia said thoughtfully.
While she didn’t fully grasp Dalen’s strategy, she could sense his strength. Nevertheless, his overconfidence was a cause for concern.
“Okay, kid. Let’s see how capable you are.” On the battle ring, Thaddeus twirled his long blade. His true energy surged and filled the space with his imposing presence.
The Voidcleaver in his hand emitted a blue glow and a low, ominous hum, with arcs of energy flickering around the blade. It was a daunting sight.
Facing Thaddeus’ charged attack, Dalen stood with one hand behind his back and the other lightly holding a folding fan.
His expression remained serene. He seemed unaffected even under the weight bearing down on him.
“Stormstir Thunderstrike!” Thaddeus shouted. He slashed Dalen with his fully charged Voidcleaver.
As the blade descended, a sudden thunderclap erupted and shook everyone. The spectators were startled, and they immediately covered their ears.
At that moment, a massive blade aura crackling with lightning sliced through the air toward Dalen. The strike was earth-shattering.
Accompanied by a thunderous roar, the blade’s aura carried a bone-chilling gust of wind even before reaching Dalen. His hair stood on end, robes fluttering, and he involuntarily narrowed his eyes.
“Impressive swordsmanship!” Dalen smirked and stood his ground without flinching. With a simple wrist turn, he used his folding fan as a sword to meet the incoming blade aura.
His strike seemed ordinary, lacking terrifying power, icy chill, or lethal intent. It was a straightforward stab and appeared insignificant compared to Thaddeus’s mighty strike.
“Kid! Let’s see how you’re going to survive that!”
“If this pretty boy doesn’t use his defensive skills, Father Savier will take him down in one move.”
“Hmph! He’s like a moth flying into a flame. He’s asking for trouble.”
Many male spectators sneered as they watched Dalen’s feeble-looking counterattack. They were anticipating his defeat.
Thaddeus’s strike was more powerful than before. Without using the Evasio Incantation, Dalen’s petite frame stood no chance against it.
With all eyes on them, their attacks finally collided.
There was a loud explosion, followed by a blinding burst of light. In an instant, fierce winds howled, and thunder roared.
When Dalen’s folding fan met the blade aura, it inexplicably split. The large blade aura shattered like glass. It rained down as countless shards, which resembled a mesmerizing blue storm.
“What?” Thaddeus was stunned by the sight before him.
His Stormstir Thunderstrike was even more powerful and intimidating than the previous Frostfire Strike.
The Frostfire Strike combined ice and fire. On the contrary, the Stormstir Thunderstrike was pure lightning. It had a paralyzing effect that even a grandmaster martial artist would struggle to counter.
Thaddeus couldn’t believe his eyes when Dalen effortlessly shattered the Stormstir Thunderstrike with a flick of his fan. What unnerved him even more was Dalen’s calm demeanor.
Dalen hadn’t exerted noticeable energy or force, as his attack seemed like an ordinary move. Thaddeus’s unease deepened when he realized Dalen hadn’t used his full strength.
Thaddeus wondered if this handsome, almost otherworldly figure was a grandmaster martial artist in disguise.
Before he had time to dwell on this revelation, Dalen launched another attack. After shattering the blade aura, Dalen pressed on without pause. He wielded his folding fan like a sword and thrust at Thaddeus.
The movement seemed simple and harmless, yet Thaddeus’ eyes twitched, and fear gripped his heart.
“I don’t believe you’re that powerful.” Thaddeus gritted his teeth. He suppressed his racing heart and struck again.
“Mountain Defenco!” he roared. His muscles bulged, and veins popped on his skin. His true energy surged like a tidal wave, and he channeled it into his Voidcleaver.
The blade trembled violently and emitted a thunderous hum. The intense blue light that had burst forth now condensed into a brilliant glow just an inch from the blade’s edge.
Thaddeus’ blade energy formed into a blade aura-a technique of the grandmasters.
“Go to hell!” He gripped the hilt with both hands and swung at Dalen’s head with all his might. He put everything into that strike, even staking his life on it. It was do or die-no other choice.
###Chapter 2275 by Marina Vittori
Dalen had provoked Thaddeus. When Thaddeus unleashed a powerful strike at the cost of his own lifespan, he pushed his cultivation to its limits. At that moment, he finally broke through and became a grandmaster martial artist.
With the prowess of a grandmaster, he executed his strongest technique- Mountain Defenco. Hence, this strike was the deadliest move he had ever delivered.
Thaddeus was confident that even if Dalen were a grandmaster martial artist, he wouldn’t be able to withstand the attack unscathed.
A powerful blue blade aura, accompanied by wind and thunder, surged toward Dalen with overwhelming force. Wherever it passed, skies darkened, thunder roared, and it seemed capable of cataclysmic destruction.
However, Dalen remained unfazed. He calmly opened his folding fan and gently waved it at the incoming blue blade aura.
Suddenly, a gentle breeze lifted into the air. It met the blue blade aura head-on, like a mouse trying to stop an elephant.
Thaddeus’s blade aura was immensely destructive and formidable. In contrast, Dalen’s gentle breeze seemed weak and delicate.
The difference between them was like a tsunami compared to mere waves. Just when spectators expected Thaddeus to kill Dalen, an unexpected scene unfolded.
Thaddeus’s blade aura shattered instantly upon contact with Dalen’s gentle breeze. There was no warning, no resistance, not even a sound.
With a casual flick of his fan, Dalen effortlessly dispersed Thaddeus’s most powerful attack. The fragments of the blade aura shimmered with blue light, drizzling down from the sky in a mesmerizing display.
Thaddeus was shocked, and his eyes widened in disbelief. The spectators were just as stunned, Their mouths hanging open as they tried to make sense of what they had just seen.
Thaddeus had unleashed an attack that only a grandmaster martial artist could pull off. They were sure he could dominate the competitors in Group B.
Dalen should have struggled to withstand such an attack, even with the protection of the Evasio Incantation. He should have sustained serious injuries.
Surprisingly, he intercepted the attack and effortlessly shattered it by waving his folding fan. The fan seemed ordinary, without any distinguishing features. He waved it casually as if swatting away a fly.
This seemingly simple gesture had an astonishing effect. It sent shivers down the spines of many grandmaster martial artists present.
The spectators wouldn’t have believed it if they hadn’t seen it with their own eyes. They were baffled by how such a gentle movement could unleash such tremendous power. Just how strong was Dalen?
A hush fell over the surroundings. As they watched, the blue rain began to drizzle from the sky. Many spectators felt like they were dreaming, finding the scene almost surreal.
“How… How is this possible? You…” Thaddeus was too shocked to speak. He was utterly confused.
How had his all-out strike been effortlessly intercepted? How did Dalen, who looked to be in his 20s, possess such incredible strength?
Thaddeus felt like he had been toyed with from start to finish. Was this the difference in their abilities?
After 30 years of grueling training, enduring countless hardships and torments, he believed his strength was formidable enough to make a name for himself in the battle ring. At that moment, he realized there was always someone stronger, and he was still too weak.
In the face of true genius, Thaddeus’ abilities were simply not enough. He sensed that Dalen hadn’t exerted himself fully from start to finish.
To Dalent, all Thaddeus’ attacks seemed like clumsy attempts. This realization stirred a deep sense of defeat within him.
“Father Savier, there’s one last move,” Dalen said with a smile. He appeared calm, yet his composure only made him inscrutable.
Suddenly, Thaddeus shuddered and spat out a mouthful of blood. His big frame couldn’t take the strain, and he collapsed on the battle ring.
His face was ashen and devoid of any will to continue the fight. He knew he had lost. Continuing would only bring him more disgrace.
Dalen’s strength was overwhelming. If he wanted to, he could have easily finished the fight. Yet, he had shown Thaddeus enough respect by not going for a brutal knockout.
Thaddeus understood that to push further would be ungrateful and foolish. Lying on the battle ring, he stared at the blue sky.
With great difficulty and a bitter heart, he uttered, “I… concede.”
###Chapter 2276 by Marina Vittori
Thaddeus was defeated. After risking his life and mustering his final strength for one decisive blow, Dalen effortlessly overwhelmed him.
Thaddeus had lost his will to fight. His body could endure no more, and he feared Dalen’s unpredictable prowess.
Despite Dalen’s youth, his cultivation was ten times stronger than Thaddeus’. Even when Thaddeus gave everything he had, he couldn’t penetrate Dalen’s defenses.
It was an overwhelming sense of despair. Even in his prime, Thaddeus wouldn’t have had the confidence to continue the match.
Thaddeus’ words prompted the referee to declare the final result, “Contestant Number 5 concedes. Contestant Number 19 is the winner!”
The arena echoed with cries of despair, curses, and insults.
“Dammit! What a useless ascetic priest. He couldn’t even handle a pretty boy. Such a disgrace.”
“Father Savier? He should call himself a jester! All talk and no skill. What a waste!”
“Screw you! You made me lose everything. Why don’t you just die already!”
Some disgruntled gamblers who lost their bets were furious and cursed loudly. They had high hopes for Thaddeus to win, so they went in and hoped for a big comeback.
At first, things looked promising. However, as the fight progressed, Thaddeus grew weaker. By the end, he hadn’t landed a single hit on Dalen and had exhausted himself.
“What a complete waste!” they grumbled. They wouldn’t have bet a dime if they had known Thaddeus was such a weakling. Unfortunately, it was too late for regrets, so they could only vent their anger with curses.
“Who would’ve thought Dalen would win? Dr. Rhys certainly has a sharp eye, “Alicia said, smiling.
Initially, she had doubted Dalen’s abilities. After all, Thaddeus displayed remarkable strength comparable to that of a grandmaster martial artist.
Despite Thaddeus’ aggressive attacks, he couldn’t gain the upper hand against Dalen and eventually had to admit defeat.
While Thaddeus looked weak, keen observers could tell that Dalen’s cultivation was significantly more advanced.
Despite Thaddeus’ best efforts, Dalen effortlessly thwarted each move with calm and composure. This highlighted the significant gap in their abilities.
“Yeah, he won. But something feels off. “Aurora scratched her head in confusion.
Thaddeus’ attacks were fierce and intimidating, yet Dalen’s responses seemed oddly passive. He either defended or countered but never took the initiative to attack. It was as if Thaddeus was punching a pillow with all his might.
Even though she knew Dalen was stronger, the match lacked the excitement of an intense clash she had imagined.
“Dalen is more than meets the eye,” Fenley said. “He might seem as harmless as a lamb, but underneath that facade, he’s a fierce tiger. When he bares his fang, he’s lethal.”
“Oh?” Alicia raised an eyebrow, clearly taken aback. “If you hold him in such high regard, Dalen must be even more formidable than we thought.”
She knew he had high standards and rarely acknowledged ordinary martial artists. Only geniuses caught his attention.
To earn Fenley’s respect meant Dalen stood out among the rising stars of the Celestial Alliance. After hearing Fenley’s assessment, Alicia couldn’t help but feel a mix of surprise and curiosity.
“If I’m not mistaken, Dalen’s strength could match up with the tenth-ranked expert on the Legendary List,” Fenley said.
“What? The tenth-ranked expert on the Legendary List?” Aurora’s eyes widened in surprise.
The Legendary List featured the top talents in Dragonmarsh, and each was a dominant force in the martial world. Compared to them, someone like Thaddeus was just a small fry.
She acknowledged Dalen was strong. He was much stronger than Thaddeus, but claiming he could rival Jude, the tenth-ranked expert on the Legendary List, seemed hard to believe.
“Fenley, do you have that much faith in Dalen?” Alicia asked, equally surprised.
She couldn’t understand why Dustin and Fenley valued Dalen so highly when he hadn’t shown any extraordinary skills. She wondered what was the secret behind their confidence in Dalen.
“Dalen achieved grandmaster status in martial arts by the age of 20. Additionally, he’s mastered the art of defense technique known as the Evasio Incantation. These accomplishments alone set him apart,” Fenley remarked thoughtfully.
He continued, “And this is what we know about him. There are still aspects of Dalen that have yet to be disclosed.
“Given his Shadow Citadel’s background, it wouldn’t be surprising for them to nurture a talent ranked in the top ten on the Legendary List.”
Suddenly, he turned to Dustin and smiled. “Dr. Rhys, what do you think?”
###Chapter 2277 by Marina Vittori
“Me?” Dustin was slightly taken aback. He hadn’t expected Fenley to steer the conversation toward him.
Still, he nodded and said, “Sir Hudson is right. With Dalen’s talent and strength, he definitely has what it takes to challenge the top ten in the Legendary List.”
Dustin had a lot of faith in Dalen.
“Since he can earn such high praise from both of you, he must be someone worth keeping an eye on,” Alicia said thoughtfully.
Unfortunately, Dalen was from the Shadow Citadel. She might have convinced him to join the Celestial Alliance if he had come from a smaller guild.
“A handsome and capable talent like him is a rare find these days,” Aurora remarked. Her eyes were sparkling with interest.
While she wasn’t instantly smitten with Dalen, his striking looks certainly made her take a second glance.
“We win. Crystal, did you see that? Mr. Shade won.” Ruby jumped up excitedly when Dalen’s victory was announced.
Her joy came from his win and her successful bet. The thrill of winning big from such a small wager was simply exhilarating.
“Crystal, you’ve got a keen eye. Mr. Shade actually won.” Miles, sitting beside her, beamed with joy.
He was grateful he had followed her advice and bet on Dalen. Otherwise, he would have suffered another big loss.
His only regret was not going all in. Now, he felt a twinge of disappointment.
“Mr. Shade not only won, but he did so effortlessly. He’s even more formidable than I imagined.” Crystal narrowed her eyes. Her expression was complicated.
She had always suspected Dalen was strong, though it was only a hunch since she hadn’t seen him in action. But after the match, she realized he had achieved Grandmaster level. His strength was simply astounding.
At that moment, she felt defeated once again. First Dustin, and now Dalen. Both had become her friends on her journey, yet their abilities were genuinely astonishing.
She had once considered herself a prodigy for reaching halfway to Grandmaster at such a young age-a remarkable achievement. But compared to Dustin and Dalen, her skills were barely worth mentioning.
“Yay! My honey won. He’s amazing.”
“You’re the best, honey. Let’s start a family.”
“You’re so handsome. Look at me.”
Dalen’s victory ignited a wave of joy among his fans, who were already swooning over his charm. Cheers of ” Honey” and excited screams echoed through the stands; their voices were loud enough to drown out the entire arena.
For these fans, his appeal wasn’t merely about his appearance. It was the combination of his good looks and excellent skill that drove them wild.
Under the spotlight, Dalen made a cool exit while Thaddeus stumbled off amidst a chorus of boos. It was a classic case of “to the victor go the spoils”.
The winner was praised, while the loser was met with jeers.
The battle ring became a stage for fierce clashes as the match continued. One by one, talented elites began to shine.
Meanwhile, Abigail’s betting ring operation was booming. With every match result, the winners celebrated, and the losers cursed their luck.
“The next match is Number 8 versus Number 22. Contestants, please come up on the battle ring,” the referee announced as the previous match ended.
“Number 8?” Aurora glanced at the number tag around her waist. She was momentarily stunned before jumping up excitedly. “It’s my turn! I’m Number 8.”
She and Alicia had signed up for the tournament and were shortlisted for Group B. Since Alicia was still recovering and unable to participate, Aurora was the only one able to compete.
“Aurora, make sure you shine out there and don’t let Celestial Alliance down,” Alicia encouraged with a smile.
“Don’t worry. I’ve been preparing hard for this. I’m about to leave my mark,” Aurora replied confidently.
After watching countless matches, she was eager to flaunt her skills and make a memorable debut in the battle ring. With that in mind, she strutted confidently toward the battle ring.
On the other side of the battle ring, Crystal rose to her feet. She had the number 22 tag around her waist.
“Crystal, I know contestant Number 8. She’s Aurora Marshall, daughter of the Celestial Alliance guildmaster,” Miles said.
With a serious expression, he reminded her, “I’ve heard she’s incredibly talented and strong. Just be cautious when you go up against her.”
“Don’t worry. I’ve got this,” Crystal replied calmly. She tightened her grip on her sword as she strode toward the battle ring.
These two striking women immediately captured everyone’s attention. While the tournament featured many female martial artists, it was uncommon to encounter women as elegant and beautiful as them.
###Chapter 2278 by Marina Vittori
“Oh? It’s them?” Dustin was surprised and raised an eyebrow when he saw Aurora and Crystal step onto the battle ring.
He knew they had signed up for the tournament, but he hadn’t expected them to face off against each other. One was a skilled disciple of the Sword Union, while the other was the daughter of the Celestial Alliance’s guildmaster, Alloy.
This elite showdown between two major guilds would be quite a spectacle.
“Fenley, do you think Aurora has a shot at winning?” Alicia asked suddenly.
He shook his head and replied, “It’s hard to say.”
He continued, “Aurora’s opponent isn’t someone to underestimate. If I’m not mistaken, she’s a Sword Union disciple. Her sharp gaze and strong presence suggest her cultivation is quite advanced.”
“A Sword Union disciple? That sounds like trouble,” Alicia said, frowning.
Despite their small numbers, members of the Sword Union were carefully hand -picked elites. They shouldn’t be underestimated, regardless of age or gender.
In the past, there was a conflict between the Celestial Alliance and the Sword Union. This left many Celestial Alliance members with lingering psychological trauma. The mere mention of the Sword Union made them wary.
Aurora already stood out among her peers with her remarkable talent honed through dedicated training under Alloy. Alicia knew her sister could easily defeat ordinary martial artists, but confronting a disciple of the Sword Union presented a much tougher challenge.
“With a stunning beauty on each side, today’s match is absolutely thrilling.”
“One’s fiery, and the other’s icy. Both are stunning in their own unique way. I can’t pick between them. It’s a tough decision.”
“Only kids pick sides. I want both!”
“Do you think this is a beauty contest? Get real! Do you really think you have a shot with women like them? Take a good look at yourself in the mirror.”
Aurora and Crystal’s entrance stirred the spectators into a frenzy. The young men, in particular, couldn’t contain their excitement. They openly declare their love.
Female martial artists were already rare, and such beauties were even more uncommon, Each of them alone would have attracted attention. But two gorgeous women were about to face off in the battle ring, which drew even more attention.
Many were eager to see these beauties in action. Some even hoped for a spectacle that would be a feast for their eyes. With that anticipation, the spectators grew excited.
“I’m Aurora Marshall from the Celestial Alliance.” After stepping into the battle ring, Aurora nodded respectfully toward Crystal, who stood opposite her.
Aurora was dressed in a red outfit, her hair tied back in a ponytail. She looked incredibly sharp and confident. Her smile made many of the male spectators’ hearts race.
“Come on, everyone! It’s a beauty showdown! This rare event calls for your bets!” Abigail shouted enthusiastically from below the battle ring.
Upon hearing her call, the crowd rushed forward to place their bets to support their favorite contestants.
The vibrant scene left Abigail beaming. It was clear that the appeal of beautiful contestants was a powerful draw. She made a mental note to use this strategy more in the future.
“Ruby, should we place our bet too?” Miles, seated in the audience, felt restless. He had become addicted to gambling and felt uneasy whenever he skipped placing a bet. Past losses had made him more cautious.
“Of course we should!” she exclaimed confidently. “We should support Crystal.”
She grabbed a small bag of celestial stones and approached the outdoor betting table. Slamming it down, she shouted, “Number 22, all in!”
“Huh? All in?” Miles was shocked. His eyes were twitching. He had meticulously saved up celestial stones, and staking everything felt like a daring gamble.
“Miles, what are you waiting for? Place your bet!” Ruby urged. She had unwavering confidence in Crystal.
“Okay. I’ll bet…” His voice trailed off. He hesitantly pulled a handful of celestial stones from his bag and placed them on Number 22.
“Is that it? Don’t you trust Crystal?” Ruby frowned, clearly annoyed.
“Of course I do,” Miles replied with a forced smile. “With her advanced cultivation and excellent swordsmanship, she’s got at least a 90 % chance of winning.”
“Then, you should go all in.”
Before he could react, Ruby snatched the bag of celestial stones from his grasp and slammed it onto the betting table.
Miles was startled. Just as he was about to reach for the stones, the dealer had already taken them.
His heart sank with a feeling of despair washing over him. Those celestial stones meant everything to him. Losing them meant losing any chance to recover from his mounting debts.
He had planned to play it safe and bet only on sure wins. But his cautious strategy was no match for Ruby’s impulsiveness. If he lost this time, he would be left with nothing.
###Chapter 2279 by Marina Vittori
“Miles, don’t worry. You know how strong Crystal is. Handling that little missy should be a piece of cake!” Ruby said.
Seeing the concern on his face, she couldn’t help but offer some reassurance. “Relax, Crystal will definitely win this match. Trust me.”
Crystal wasn’t just naturally talented but also extremely diligent. She has prepared thoroughly for the Combat Tournament.
While winning the championship wasn’t guaranteed, Ruby was confident Crystal would advance to Group A and compete against the top talents.
“I hope so,” he said with a forced smile.
He had full confidence in Crystal’s abilities. He would bet everything on her if she faced a slightly weaker opponent. But her opponent was Aurora -the daughter of Alloy, guildmaster of the Celestial Alliance.
Aurora had been rigorously trained since childhood. So, she matched Crystal in cultivation level, combat skills, and secret techniques.
With these two facing off, it was hard to predict who would win. Miles could only hope Crystal would be the champion.
“Come on, Faith. Let’s place our bets too.” Alicia tugged Grace toward the betting ring. She intended to wager all her celestial stones on Aurora.
For Alicia, winning or losing the celestial stones didn’t matter since she only wanted to support her sister.
Spectators had already taken sides even before Aurora and Crystal’s match began. One group cheered for the fiery Aurora, while the other favored Crystal, the icy maiden.
Cheers erupted from both groups, and the excitement filled the air.
In the battle ring, two women looked at each other from a distance.
“I’m Aurora Marshall of the Celestial Alliance,” Aurora greeted first with a nod.
She wore a red outfit. Her hair was tied back in a ponytail. She looked confident, and her smile captivated many male spectators.
“I’m Crystal Wesley from the Sword Union,” Crystal replied. Her expression was cold as usual.
“Oh? So, you’re a disciple of the Sword Union?” Aurora’s eyes narrowed, and she looked serious.
She added, “I’ve heard that Sword Union disciples are highly skilled and renowned for exceptional swordsmanship. Today, I’d like to see it for myself.”
With that, she slowly unsheathed her dual crescent blades from her waist. They gleamed silver-white, and their curved forms were radiant under the sunlight. It was a truly remarkable weapon.
Crystal didn’t say much. She simply drew her sword and uttered, “Let’s begin.” Her sword, three feet three inches long, gleamed like freshly fallen snow. A chill radiated from its edge.
“Better watch out!” Aurora warned before darting forward like a swallow in flight.
Her movements were swift and unpredictable as she weaved back and forth toward Crystal, her erratic footwork making it hard to anticipate her next move. This was the renowned Celestial Alliance technique, Quickstrike Steps, known for its agility and balanced offense-defense capabilities. Its rapid acceleration in close quarters made it distinctive, as it often caught the opponents off guard with sudden bursts of speed.
“Quickstrike Steps?” Crystal narrowed her eyes as she instantly recognized Aurora’s technique.
She slashed diagonally without hesitation. More than a dozen sword shadows burst out and swept toward Aurora.
Spectators gasped as the shadows sliced through the air with a fierce wind.
As expected from an elite disciple of the Sword Union, Crystal’s swordsmanship was extraordinary. Even a casual strike carried such terrifying power. An ordinary martial artist would likely be defeated with just one of those strikes.
Facing the oncoming sword shadows, Aurora chose not to block them. Instead, she instantly accelerated and created several afterimages. With the agility of Quickstrike Steps, she easily dodged the attack.
Taking advantage of the opening, Aurora closed the distance between them. With a crescent blade in each hand, she made sweeping cuts.
Crystal’s eyes narrowed. She instinctively leaned back to dodge the horizontal strikes, then countered with a vertical sword strike.
The sword and dual blades clashed in midair. Sparks flew, and a shockwave of true energy rippled through the air. Upon impact, they quickly stepped back. 
From the brief exchange, both assessed each other’s strengths. They were evenly matched in terms of skill and cultivation, and neither could gain the upper hand in a direct confrontation.
The match would test their experience, techniques, and hidden strategies. Ultimately, the secret moves they had yet to reveal would determine the victor.
“Again!” Fueled by her competitive spirit, Aurora launched another attack after her initial strike missed.
This time, her Quickstrike Steps were lightning-fast. She blurred into motion and charged at Crystal with her crescent blade gleaming ominously.
###Chapter 2280 by Marina Vittori
Aurora’s strikes were swift, but Crystal’s reflexes matched them. As Aurora’s crescent blades sliced through the air, Crystal’s sword was already in motion.
“Windbreaker Slash!” Crystal called out as her longsword trembled violently. A flurry of sword shadows appeared and clashed fiercely against Aurora’s dual blades like a raging wind.
The metallic clangs echoed as Aurora’s attack was instantly deflected.
Crystal lunged forward from behind the dissipating shadows and aimed her sword at Aurora’s chest and abdomen.
With the remaining shadows masking her move, the thrust was silent and undetectable. It was deceptively harmless but filled with hidden danger.
“Aurora, watch out!” Alicia’s expression changed.
She recognized Crystal’s skill in swordsmanship and extensive combat experience. With a single deceptive move, Crystal shifted from defense to offense and took control of the match.
“Huh?” Aurora’s eyes widened in shock. She didn’t need Alicia’s warning, as her instincts had already kicked in.
She leaned back sharply and crossed her blades in front of her chest just in time to dodge the incoming strike.
A harsh screech of metal rang out as Crystal’s sword scraped against Aurora’s blades, sending a shower of sparks flying.
Aurora locked Crystal’s sword between her dual blades like scissors. With a quick twist of her body, she delivered a powerful kick aimed at Crystal’s lower abdomen.
As Alloy’s daughter, Aurora had undergone extensive training. Her mastery of blade techniques was exceptional, and her hand-to-hand combat skills were equally impressive.
She had mastered multiple martial arts styles with no discernible weaknesses. She was confident she could defeat her opponent even without her weapons.
When Aurora’s kick landed, Crystal countered with her foot. The impact echoed with a dull thud before they both stepped back.
The brief exchange had left neither with an advantage.
“Impressive skills for a disciple of the Sword Union,” Aurora remarked. “But now, get ready to witness the ultimate technique of the Celestial Alliance!” 
With a swift motion, Aurora brought the hilts of her dual blades together. A twist followed a sharp click, and the two crescent blades fused into a singular, strange, S-shaped weapon.
“Watch closely!” Aurora gripped the hilt with her right hand and flung it toward Crystal.
The S-shaped weapon spun wildly, leaving a blur of afterimages as it hurtled toward Crystal with astonishing speed.
As Aurora hurled her weapon, she sprang forward like a leopard. At some point, she had slipped on a pair of silver gloves.
The gloves, though appearing soft as silk, were made from the extremely rare mithril, making it impervious to weapons and immune to fire and water. They were perfect for both defense and attack.
As the strange, spinning weapon whirled toward her like a fan, Crystal wasn’t sure how to deflect it. Instead of confronting it head-on, she swiftly dodged to the side.
Aurora saw her chance and closed the distance. She swiftly delivered a powerful punch aimed at Crystal’s chest.
Undeterred, Crystal countered with a thrust of her longsword straight at Aurora’s throat. After all, she had the upper hand with her longsword.
She knew Aurora would be vulnerable without her weapon. Aurora would likely be impaled before her punch could land.
But Aurora anticipated the move. Instead of dodging or retreating, her other hand grabbed Crystal’s sword. Since the mithril gloves protected her, the sword failed to inflict injury.
“How naive.” Crystal arched an eyebrow as her longsword quivered in her grip. Suddenly, a surge of energy erupted and shook Aurora’s hand. The sword writhed like a serpent before striking again.
Just as the sword seemed poised to strike, a sharp whistle pierced the air. Crystal sensed imminent danger and swiftly ducked.
The strange weapon Aurora had thrown earlier spun through the air and veered back toward Crystal. It nearly grazed Crystal’s head and cut off a strand of her hair.
“Fuck! That was close!” The spectators gasped in surprise.
Crystal’s lightning-fast reflexes narrowly saved her from the fused blades’ deadly return. It was a blow that could have seriously injured her.
“Damn! Aurora is cunning. Crystal almost fell into her trap.” Miles was startled, and his heart was racing.
“First, Aurora used her weapon to attract attention. Then, she launched a close-range attack to divert her opponent’s attention before aiming for a decisive blow with the weapon returning to her.
“She’s so unpredictable. It looks like Crystal has finally met her match today! “Ruby’s expression turned serious.
Unlike her usual restless energy, she became unusually focused. She realized that Aurora, Alloy’s daughter, was not someone to underestimate.
“Aurora was so close.” Alicia sighed.
She acknowledged Crystal’s remarkable skill. Aurora’s surprise lethal attack had consistently prevailed against opponents of similar caliber.
Aurora had hoped to capitalize on this advantage to defeat Crystal, but her quick reaction thwarted the plan. It was clear this would be a challenging battle.
###Chapter 2281 by Marina Vittori
“Hmm?” Crystal frowned as she watched the strands of hair flutter down from above.
Aurora’s unexpected Boomerang Slash had caught Crystal off guard. She had narrowly avoided a hit by quickly ducking her head.
If she had been just a bit slower, it wouldn’t have been just her hair but possibly her head.
Despite Aurora’s young age, her skills were impressive. This realization prompted Crystal to approach the situation with greater caution.
“Quick reflexes,” Aurora commented as she smoothly retrieved her weapon with a flick of her wrist.
The technique she had just executed was a signature move of her own creation. It was challenging for anyone encountering it for the first time. The fact that Crystal had managed to evade it just in time disappointed her.
“Your technique is decent but lacks refinement,” Crystal remarked coldly.
If Aurora’s earlier move had been more precise, she might not have evaded so easily.
“Really? Let’s see if you can handle this! “Aurora snorted and charged at Crystal again. She hurled her dual blades and spun them toward Crystal with increased speed and force.
Only a keen-eyed observer would notice a thin steel wire attached to the blade hilts. It was almost invisible unless closely inspected.
“Trying the same trick again?” Crystal narrowed her eyes. Her sword lunged forward like a serpent and aimed for the hilt of Aurora’s dual blades.
A metallic clang resonated as Crystal deftly intercepted Aurora’s thrown blades.
As if anticipating the move, Aurora flipped her palms and pulled. The dual blades circled her before accelerating toward Crystal with increased velocity. At the same time, she used her palms like swords to strike Crystal’s shoulders from both sides.
She was skilled in bone-crushing grip technique. A direct hit from her palms could instantly dislocate and incapacitate her opponent’s shoulders, rendering them unable to continue the fight.
“Tantrumia Slash!” Aurora’s relentless assault forced Crystal into action.
Leaping into the air, she somersaulted to evade Aurora’s strikes. With a swift maneuver, her sword extended like a whip and delivered a muffled blow to Aurora’s back.
Aurora was caught off guard as the sword struck her forcefully from behind. It ripped through her attire to expose the mithril armor beneath.
Though the mithril armor protected her from injury, the blow from Crystal’s hidden force knocked Aurora off balance, and a searing pain burned in her back.
She gasped sharply as a grimace of pain crossed her face. Even without looking,
she felt the heat of her reddening back. Aurora couldn’t believe how adeptly
Crystal wielded the sword like a whip. It was a difficult attack to defend against.
“As expected from the daughter of the Celestial Alliance’s guildmaster. You’re certainly well-off and powerful. You even had soft armor made of mithril,” Crystal remarked sarcastically.
“You-” Aurora gritted her teeth, and her expression darkened. Despite initially gaining an edge by snipping a lock of Crystal’s hair, she was now at a disadvantage.
“Excellent swordplay, Crystal!” Miles cheered from the stands as Crystal gained the upper hand.
“That’s how it’s done! Let’s see how arrogant she can still be!” Ruby pumped her fists excitedly. She looked relieved.
“The Sword Union disciple is truly impressive. Keep it up!” Cheers erupted from those who had bet on Crystal, and the venue became lively.
“What is Aurora thinking? She’s being too reckless.” Alicia frowned, and she looked worried. After a successful strike, one should follow up with a different move to keep the opponent guessing.
Repeating a technique might work against Divine-level martial artists but not against elite fighters like Crystal. She wouldn’t fall for the same trick twice. Instead, she’d seize opportunities to exploit weaknesses and gain the upper hand.
“So, that’s the Hexfold Breaker technique of the Sword Union? It really lives up to its reputation,” Grace murmured approvingly, her eyes narrowing.
The Hexfold Breaker technique was the Sword Union’s ultimate skill. With just six moves, it offered limitless variations. Crystal’s flawless execution moments ago attested to her mastery of it.
“This is interesting.” Fenley smirked, and his interest was piqued.
Considering the Sword Union disciple’s impressive swordsmanship, he pondered how formidable Glenn might be.
“Come on.” Unfazed by her earlier setback, Aurora charged forward with her blade again.
She refused to believe that, as Alloy’s daughter, she couldn’t handle a mere Sword Union disciple.
###Chapter 2282 by Marina Vittori
“Galactia!” Aurora advanced with her blade held firmly in both hands as she slashed horizontally.
Blinding flashes of blade light erupted and swept toward Crystal like a violent storm. The air whistled with the sheer power of her strikes, and the intensity was terrifying.
In contrast to her previous rapid and aggressive assaults, Aurora now revealed her ultimate technique-the Phoenix Dance.
A legendary female grandmaster created this superior blade technique a century ago. It melded powerful offense and defense with a touch of feminine elegance. It was beautiful and deadly.
“Vibro Slash!” Crystal stood firm and composed as the blade light surged toward her. She shook the longsword in her hand violently and thrust it out suddenly.
An expert observer would notice that her sword was vibrating intensely in a small, controlled manner. Though it appeared unremarkable, it concealed a profound mastery of swordsmanship.
With a series of metallic clashes, Crystal’s vibrating sword shattered Aurora’s blade light and struck her weapon directly.
Aurora’s assault momentarily faltered as her dual blades were pushed back. Undeterred, she swiftly retracted her blades and spun like a spinning top. She used her momentum to deliver a faster, stronger blow toward Crystal.
“Darkocto!” At that moment, Aurora’s blades turned black with faint water- like patterns rippling along their edges.
“Circulator Slash!” Crystal instantly parried with her sword. She leaned back sharply and dragged Aurora’s blades in a sweeping arc. She turned defense into offense using the momentum and stabbed Aurora again.
Seeing the imminent danger, Aurora decisively dropped her blades and retreated. She dodged the attack and swiftly retracted her dual blades by pulling the steel wires attached to their hilts.
“Flynn Spore!” Aurora spun around. Her dual blades flashed through the air like a machine gun. It sent a barrage of blade lights toward Crystal.
These streaks of light filled the sky. They bounced unpredictably and attacked from all angles, making them nearly impossible to defend against.
Crystal remained composed. She flicked her wrist and began to draw circles with her longsword. Her sword moved so swiftly that it created an impenetrable wall of afterimages. 
Aurora’s strikes met Crystal’s sword shadows, and the spark ignited with each collision. Despite the intense offense and defense, neither could gain the upper hand.
But Aurora didn’t give up. Along with her dual blades, she continued to spin wildly and accelerate like a spinning top.
A torrent of blade lights surged toward Crystal with each rotation like a flood. Yet, she stayed calm and focused on defense. She waved her longsword continuously and conjured a shield- like illusion before her.
The sharp blade lights clashed against the shield. It only sparked off harmlessly without causing any major damage. Despite being purely on defense, Crystal remained composed, flawlessly protecting herself.
She understood that Aurora’s relentless attacks were powerful but draining. If their fight were prolonged, Aurora would inevitably exhaust herself.
“Ennea Chorus!”
Seeing no breakthrough in her attacks, Aurora suddenly leaped into the air and unleashed the ultimate move of her Phoenix Dance technique, Ennea Chorus. She crossed her dual blades before her chest and channeled her true energy into her weapon.
A resounding hum filled the air as her blades began to vibrate intensely. A brilliant red light burst forth and swiftly spread to cover a ten-yard radius, which enveloped herself.
The red light quickly transformed. It took the shape of a phoenix with astonishing power and a clear and vivid outline.
“Break!” Aurora shouted as she swung her crossed blades forward.
The phoenix on her body suddenly spread its wings over ten yards long, and with incredible speed, it crashed toward Crystal.
The phoenix was large, casting a shadow over everything. Crystal appeared tiny before it, as small as an ant. It seemed as if a gentle bump would be enough to crush her completely.
“What a terrifying blade technique! What horrifying power!”
“Oh my god! Is this the strength of the Celestial Alliance guildmaster’s daughter? Truly extraordinary.”
“This strike is approaching the level of a Grandmaster. The problem is, she’s not even 20 years old.”
“Oh no! The Sword Union’s beauty is going to lose.”
After Aurora unleashed Ennea Chorus, the entire arena erupted into uproar. No one had expected her to possess such incredible strength.
With this move, she was unmatched by anyone below the Grandmaster level.
###Chapter 2283 by Marina Vittori
“Oh no! Crystal’s in danger!” Miles sprang to his feet. His eyes widened in shock as he watched Aurora’s terrifying attack. Fear etched across his face.
Her power was far greater than he expected. Her strike was on par with a grandmaster.
“Crystal, hang in there!” Ruby urged. She clenched her teeth as she watched intently. Though her expression didn’t show it, she was just as tense as Miles.
The match was no longer just about victory or defeat. It was life or death, and one wrong move could be fatal.
“I didn’t expect Aurora to improve so quickly. She’s about to break through to grandmaster level,” Fenley said, nodding in approval.
Aurora and Alicia were equally talented in martial arts. However, Alicia’s dedication fell short. Despite being two years older, Aurora’s strength had already surpassed hers.
“Yes.” Alicia smiled proudly. “She is now halfway to becoming a grandmaster, and her Phoenix Dance technique is incredibly refined. Few can match her when she’s at her best.”
“I’m not worried about her,” he said, glancing sideways at Alicia. “It’s you I’m concerned about. You need to stop slacking off and train harder. Try to ease some of the burden on the guildmaster.”
“Okay, I get it. I’ll work harder from now on,” she promised coyly.
Fenley shook his head in exasperation but said nothing. Despite her playful nature and occasional laziness, she was the most valued member of the Celestial Alliance.
In the battle ring, Aurora unleashed the Ennea Chorus technique, which enveloped Crystal entirely. With no way to dodge, Crystal focused her true energy on her sword, thrusting it toward the phoenix.
“Conquest Breaker!” she shouted.
Her sword shone brilliantly as her energy transformed into a giant silver blade. It was nearly 33 feet long and 6 feet wide, encasing her. At that moment, the sword and wielder became one.
As the phoenix dove down, the giant sword thrust upward. It was an earth- shattering collision as a loud explosion rocked the area. The fiery red phoenix burst apart, and the silver sword shattered. 
In an instant, a wave of energy radiated from the impact and swept outward in all directions. The sky darkened as the energy waves swept through, stirring dust clouds.
The fierce winds whipped through the crowd, causing their hair to stand on end and their robes to flutter wildly. They struggled to keep their eyes open against the relentless gusts.
“What incredible power! This attack is on par with a grandmaster’s duel.”
“I can’t believe two women are fighting with such skill. Truly impressive.”
“This Combat Tournament has gathered the best of the best. It’s been worth every moment.”
With the aftershocks still rippling through the air, the spectators couldn’t help but murmur in awe.
Aurora’s Ennea Chorus technique was indeed formidable. It could match a grandmaster’s skill. However, Crystal’s final move, Conquest Breaker, was equally impressive. It was hard to tell who had the upper hand.
As the dust settled and the winds died down, the figure of the two women on the battle ring came into view. The spectators were momentarily stunned by the scene.
Aurora and Crystal stood just six feet apart as they faced each other. Crystal gripped her sword with one hand. Its tip was pressed against Aurora’s throat. It cut her skin, and blood trickled down her collar.
In contrast, Aurora held her crescent blade in a slashing position. Its edge was just three inches from Crystal’s chest.
Under normal circumstances, a distance of just three inches was nothing more than a quick flick of a wrist. It could take a life in an instant.
Aurora could reach Crystal from that distance with a longer weapon without effort. But now, those mere three inches seemed impossible.
Aurora’s blade would barely graze Crystal’s skin if it moved three inches forward. But if Crystal’s sword advanced the same distance, it would sever Aurora’s head. This stark difference highlighted the thin line between life and death.
At that moment, the outcome was clear.
“You-” Aurora frowned and looked at the sword hovering at her neck. She wanted to say something but sighed instead.
She lowered her crescent blade and said reluctantly, “I surrender.”
Aurora realized that if Crystal hadn’t shown mercy and pulled back her sword in time, her head would already be dead. She knew Crystal would just walk away with just a minor injury.
It dawned on her that she was no match for Crystal.
###Chapter 2284 by Marina Vittori
“Thank you.” Crystal sheathed her sword and nodded at Aurora. She had to admit Aurora was a tough opponent.
Even though Aurora was a few years younger, their skills were almost on par. Crystal knew Aurora would become someone to watch out for in the future.
“Aurora lost? How…” Alicia was stunned and incredulous. She had anticipated Aurora’s victory, especially after using the Ennea Chorus technique. But in an instant, everything had changed.
“Her talent and strength are impressive, but she lacks experience. Although she lost, she learned a lot. I believe she’ll advance even faster from now on,” Fenley remarked impassively.
He appeared unfazed by the outcome. It was as if he had anticipated it. 
Aurora’s cultivation level was on par with Crystal’s, but she lacked battle experience and mastery of technique. Her training was too diverse. She had a basic understanding of everything from hand-to-hand combat to various weapons but wasn’t proficient in any.
In contrast, Crystal had honed her swordsmanship to an exceptional level. She wielded her sword with unparalleled skill. When she struck Aurora with Tantrumia Slash, it was clear that she had the upper hand.
While being a jack-of-all-trades might seem impressive, weaknesses became apparent when facing experts. Instead of trying to master various skills, it was more effective to perfect one skill to an exceptional level.
This was the difference between disciples of the Celestial Alliance and those of the Sword Union. The Celestial Alliance taught various techniques, while the Sword Union focused solely on swordsmanship.
Though the Celestial Alliance had many disciples, their skill level fell short of the Sword Union. Hence, Aurora’s defeat was inevitable.
“Hey! I lost because you’re better. But that doesn’t mean Sword Union is better than our guild. I’ll make a comeback!” Before leaving, Aurora couldn’t resist a final taunt.
She didn’t mind losing. As Alloy’s daughter and representative of the Celestial Alliance, she understood that losing to a Sword Union disciple might attract criticism.
After all, the Sword Union’s rapid growth in recent years had started challenging the Celestial Alliance’s position as the top guild. 
Though she lost the match, she didn’t lose her fighting spirit. Even if she couldn’t win, she wouldn’t let her resolve waver.
“I’ll be looking forward to that day.” Crystal just nodded without saying much. She sheathed her longsword and stepped down from the battle ring.
“The winner of this round is contestant number 22!” the referee declared.
The venue erupted in a wave of sound. Cheers mingled with disappointed sighs. Those who bet on Crystal cheered loudly, while those who placed their bets on Aurora sighed in regret.
The match had been a rollercoaster of unpredictability. The outcome was uncertain until the last moment.
Crystal and Aurora had given it their all, but ultimately, Crystal proved superior.
“Yay! That’s great! Crystal won.” Ruby jumped up from her seat as soon as she heard the results. Despite trying to stay calm, she had been nervous the entire match.
She was glad that everything turned out well. Plus, Crystal’s victory brought honor to the Sword Union.
“That’s great! I win. Finally, this is my chance.” Miles couldn’t contain his excitement. Crystal’s victory meant a win for him as well. He had played it safe earlier and worried he might lose everything. But now, he was finally on the rebound.
He could clear his debts and even make more celestial stones with a few more wins. The thought filled him with hope.
“Crystal, you were amazing. That Conquest Breaker technique was just like our master’s.” Ruby couldn’t stop her excited chatter even after Crystal took her seat.
“I won, but we can’t let our guard down. We shouldn’t underestimate the Celestial Alliance disciples,” Crystal replied calmly. Her expression was humble.
The earlier match had shown her that there would always be stronger opponents. She realized she shouldn’t be proud of her current skills, and she was determined to train even harder.
“If you win one more match, you’ll advance to Group A, right?” Miles asked with a smile.
“Probably.” She nodded. “And the same goes for you two. You guys have a shot, too.”
“Count me out.” He shook his head as he looked at his injuries. “I know my limits. Winning even one match was tough. With these injuries, getting back in the battle ring could be deadly. I’d rather sit here and watch.”
As the matches continued, the opponents became tougher. Even those halfway to becoming a grandmaster were defeated. He knew his current strength wasn’t enough.
“It’s wise to sit this out. You’ve already won a match, so there’s no need to risk your life trying to prove yourself,” Crystal said noncommittally.
Given Miles’ condition, he couldn’t keep fighting. As the matches continued, even the weakest contestants were likely halfway to becoming grandmasters. If he ended up facing a grandmaster, he could be killed instantly.
She understood that even she might find it hard to survive.
###Chapter 2285 by Marina Vittori
“Crystal, if you can advance to Group A and make it into the top ten, you’ll be famous. Then, the guild will pour all their resources into your training,” Miles said excitedly.
“I might have a chance to advance to Group A, but there’s no way I can make it into the top ten.” She shook her head.
She continued, “Most contestants in Group A are grandmasters. Who knows how many of the top ten are from the Heavenly Immortals list? With my current strength, I’m not even close to competing with those beasts.”
Crystal knew her limits. Even if she were against an early-stage grandmaster, her chances of winning were slim.
She knew competing with those beasts from the Heavenly Immortals was out of the question. After all, those who made it into that list were at least a late -stage grandmaster.
“Don’t be discouraged. Not all the elites from the Heavenly Immortals list will be competing. We can still try our luck. “Miles chuckled.
There weren’t many participants listed in the Heavenly Immortals in the Combat Tournament. Some were absent, while others had already fought in the earlier rounds.
After all, when two heavyweights clashed, some were bound to get hurt. Miles believed that the strongest contestants should fight each other first.
He knew they might have a shot to break into the top ten if they were lucky enough to face weaker or injured opponents. But these odds were slim.
“Let’s do our best.” Crystal didn’t say much. She was in a good mood and wasn’t looking for fame. Her main goal was to make friends in the tournament and broaden her horizons.
“Alicia, I’m sorry for letting the guild down.” Aurora returned to her seat, looking dejected. As Alloy’s daughter, losing to the Sword Union disciple was a blow to her pride.
“You did your best, so don’t be too hard on yourself,” Alicia said reassuringly.
“I was so close to winning,” Aurora replied, frustrated. If only she were composed and less impulsive, she might have won.
“Winning and losing are just part of the journey. Don’t get too hung up on it. Concentrate on your training, and you’ll bounce back and win again,” Alicia comforted her. She believed that with Aurora’s talent, she would surpass Fenley and earn a spot on the Legendary List.
Aurora slowly clenched her fist. Her fighting spirit was ablaze. “I’ll remember Crystal Wesley from the Sword Union. I’ll defeat her next time. She vowed to reclaim her honor after the earlier encounter.
After the exciting match between the two beauties, the tournament continued to heat up. Renowned experts stepped into the battle ring one after another. Even the elites from major guilds showcased their unique skills. Every match was intense.
For many guilds, the tournament meant more than just victory or defeat. It represented their honor and prospects.
Winning would bring fame, attract disciples, and elevate the guild’s prestige. Conversely, a loss could result in being overlooked and stuck in a downward spiral.
New talent was essential for any guild, as they would carry on the legacy passed down through generations. Therefore, achieving favorable results in the tournament was crucial for all participating guilds.
As a result, the top experts from each guild gave their best effort. They aimed to bring honor to their guild and establish their own reputations. Some even risked their lives in the process.
According to the tournament rules, the top 32 contestants would be determined that day. Group A had already filled 20 spots and left 12 places up for grabs among the contestants in Group B.
The matches were incredibly intense, with over 100 elite participants from Group B competing for those slots.
As time passed and the sun began to set, the matches finally neared the end. Dalen and Crystal successfully advanced to Group A, while the remaining ten spots were filled by other geniuses chosen from various guilds.
“Congratulations to contestant number 15 on qualifying. Today’s match is over. All qualified contestants, please get ready for tomorrow.”
With the referee’s announcement, the day’s event ended.
The top 32 contestants had been decided. Tomorrow’s matches would reduce the field to eight. A new draw would decide the pairings since winning required luck and skill.
“With contestant number 15, our guild now has three members in the top 32. The future looks promising.” Alicia sighed with relief.
She was glad that contestant number 15 was a Celestial Alliance disciple. Otherwise, her day wouldn’t have ended well.
The Celestial Alliance had many disciples and was the top guild in Dragonmarsh. They had two guaranteed spots in the top 32-Fenley and Riley Grayson, the Supreme Elder’s disciple. Since they were grandmasters, they could advance directly.
Yet, Alicia knew having these two wouldn’t be enough. In Group B, the Sword Union and the Mystic Arts Order’s disciple had also advanced to Group A. Without representatives from the Celestial Alliance, she knew they would likely be criticized.
“It should have been four, alas.” Aurora sighed, lost in thought.
If Brian hadn’t betrayed the guild, he could’ve brought honor to the Celestial Alliance. Instead, his ambition for the guildmaster’s position led him to conspire with outsiders to harm Alicia. No matter how talented he was, he lacked true merit.
“Dr. Rhys, you’re also competing in Group A, right?” Alicia asked, suddenly turning to Dustin.
“Yes,” he replied with a nod.
“Great!” Her eyes lit up. “Since you’re consulting for the Celestial Alliance, can you compete under our guild’s banner?”
“Well…” Dustin paused, glancing thoughtfully at Grace next to him.
He joined the tournament mainly to help her find the Dracan essence. Fame and such didn’t matter much to him. After all, it depended on what she had in mind.
“Since you’re their consultant, it makes sense to compete under their name,” she said.
Dustin promptly agreed when Grace nodded.
“Great! It’s settled then!” Alicia beamed. With that, the Celestial Alliance secured another spot in the top 32. She felt they were finally getting their chance to shine.
###Chapter 2286 by Marina Vittori
As the sun dipped below the horizon and night descended, Bailey, known as the Grizz Lord, was 30 miles from the Sacred Wrym Summit in a secluded mountain villa.
Seated at the dining table, he feasted on meat and gulped down the wine. His mouth was gleaming with grease.
The 16-foot-long table was filled with a variety of meats. At the center was a giant cow’s head, with its cooked and reassembled body behind it.
There were also suckling pigs, whole lambs, chickens, ducks, fish, and other meats surrounding it. The table was filled with 30 to 40 different types of meat without any vegetables.
Bailey grabbed different pieces of meat and stuffed them into his mouth with incredible speed. He devoured them like a ravenous beast.
The two maids standing nearby watched in astonishment as hundreds of pounds of meat disappeared before their eyes as he wolfed them down in large pieces.
This amount of meat could have fed over 100 people, but he could have polished it off at the rate he was eating. His appetite was truly terrifying.
The maids couldn’t resist wondering who could eat several hundred pounds of meat in one sitting. Was such a person even human?
Just as Bailey was stuffing himself, a handsome man of mixed heritage entered the room and greeted respectfully, “Hello, Mr. Bailey.”
“Hank, you arrived just in time. The meat tasted great today. Come on over and have some,” Bailey said, glancing up before diving back into his food.
“Thanks for the invite, but I’ve already eaten,” Hank responded with a smile.
“Then, what brings you here?” Bailey asked through a mouthful of meat.
“You call for me, Mr. Bailey,” Hank reminded him.
“I did?” Bailey paused. Then, he recalled something. “Oh! Right! I did have something to discuss with you, but I was so caught up enjoying my meal that it slipped my mind.”
Hank’s smile faltered before he regained his composure. He seemed used to Bailey’s forgetfulness. “What instructions do you have for me, Mr. Bailey?” he asked politely.
Bailey finally stopped eating and took the hot towel handed by the maid to wipe his hands and mouth. “You know why the Hall of Gods is mobilizing forces to Sacred Wyrm Summit, right?
“We need to undermine Dragonmarsh secretly and also publicly lower the morale of their martial artists. That’s why we must win the Combat Tournament.”
“Mr. Bailey, if I may speak frankly. Dragonmarsh is filled with skilled experts and rising talents. Given our current capabilities, it would be tough for us to win in a fair fight,” Hank said with measured respect.
Being of mixed heritage with Dragonmarsh roots, he knew that the nation’s martial arts skills were the best in the world.
The only advantage the Hall of Gods had was the internal strife within the Dragonmarsh martial community, which prevented them from uniting. Otherwise, invading Dragonmarsh would be nearly impossible.
“I understand your concerns,” Bailey replied with a smile. “That’s why I’ve arranged for three experts to assist you. Their expertise will help us execute our plan smoothly.”
“Oh? Who are these experts?” Hank asked, curious.
“Come on in!” Bailey suddenly called out.
Three distinctly dressed men walked in one after another.
The first was a burly man in his 30s with tanned skin. He stood over six and a half feet tall, and his muscular build rivaled Bailey’s. This gave him an imposing presence, like a dark tower.
Following him was a man with mixed- race features similar to Hank’s. He was dressed sharply in a suit that conveyed an air of nobility with every move. His unnaturally pale complexion gave him a ghostly appearance.
The third was a middle-aged man with glasses and dressed in a clerical robe. He had a Streuquan face and wore a friendly smile. A cross hung from his neck, and he held the Holy Scriptures.
Despite his unassuming appearance, his presence made the burly and mixed -race man instinctively step aside. They were wary of him.
“Why don’t you three introduce yourselves?” Bailey said with a burp.
“I’m George Burroughs from Artea, also known as the Dusk Titan,” the burly man with tanned skin said coldly.
“The Dusk Titan?” Hank’s eyes widened in surprise. He had heard of the name before.
George was a legendary A-Class mutant from Artea. He was known for his incredible strength and nearly indestructible body. His skin was tougher than metal, making him impervious to bullets and cannon fire.
What was even more astonishing was his immense power.
He once single-handedly stopped a speeding train. He didn’t just stop it but practically obliterated it with a single punch. It was no exaggeration to say that the man before them was a walking juggernaut.
Hank couldn’t believe Bailey had managed to recruit such a powerful being for the tournament.
###Chapter 2287 by Marina Vittori
After Dusk Titan wrapped up his introduction, the handsome and pale mixed-race man stepped forward.
He said proudly, “I’m Bill Wolfe from Esmington, representing the Coven of Blood Eclipse. They call me the Shadow Prince.”
“The Shadow Prince of the Coven of Blood Eclipse?” Hank was taken aback.
The Coven of Blood Eclipse held unparalleled influence in Esmington. It was second only to the Hall of Gods among Streuquan nations.
The coven included three main races- vampires, werewolves, and mystic artists, along with a few uniquely gifted beasts.
Among these, vampires held the dominant position. They nearly ruled the entire Esmington. Previously, the Hall of Gods had enlisted the Blood Devil Willem, an earl of the vampire race.
Bill was the son of the Shadow Master, the leader of the Coven of Blood Eclipse. The Shadow Master was the king of vampires. His influence was on par with the God King of the Hall of Gods.
As the son of the Shadow Master, Bill inherited his father’s noble lineage. Despite his young age, he possessed the strength of a vampire viscount. Countless powerful opponents had fallen at his hands.
His most notable feat was the overnight defeat of three grandmasters, which significantly weakened Dragonmarsh’s influence abroad.
Hank never expected Bailey to convince the Shadow Master to send Bill to participate in the tournament. After all, Dragonmarsh wasn’t known for its hospitality. So, Hank was surprised to learn that Bill would risk his life.
“Bill’s father is my friend,” Bailey explained upon seeing Hank’s confusion. “When he heard about the Hall of Gods’ plans, he sent Bill to gain some experience and show off the power of the Coven of Blood Eclipse.”
Bill stepped up to make a name for himself in Dragonmarsh. If he excelled in the tournament and crushed the pride of Dragonmarsh’s martial artists, he could easily assert himself as the rightful heir to the Shadow Master’s throne.
“Oh, I see.” Hank smiled and began to flatter Bill, “With you on our side, we’ll definitely make those Dragonmarsh martial artists run for their lives!”
“You bet!” Bill smirked proudly.
He continued, “I can’t even count how many so-called grandmasters from Dragonmarsh I’ve killed. They’re just as weak as paper. I could tear them apart with just a little effort.
“This time, I want every Dragonmarsh martial artist to witness the power of my vampire clan. I want them to live in fear forever.”
He reached out with his fingers in a claw-like grip as he spoke. His nails extended to three inches and became sharp and deadly. A faint black mist swirled around it, giving off an unsettling air.
“Bill, it’s fine to stir things up, but don’t underestimate them. Be careful not to slip up,” Bailey warned.
“Relax, Mr. Bailey. Noble bloodline vampires like us can’t be defeated by those pathetic humans from Dragonmarsh,” Bill replied dismissively.
Bailey simply smiled and said nothing. He understood the nature of vampires, especially Bill, who carried the Shadow Master’s bloodline.
Bill had an amazing recovery ability. As long as he had a fresh supply of blood, he could recover instantly, even from life-threatening injuries. He was practically immortal unless he was completely obliterated or turned to ash.
Bailey knew the martial artists from Dragonmarsh would have a tough time dealing with such a beast.
“Father, it’s your turn.” Bailey turned his gaze to the third person, a lean man with glasses and a clerical robe.
“Praise the Lord. I’m Jeremiah Price, a Cardinal of the Holy Sovereign Church, “the lean man said with a smile.
“A Cardinal?” Hank raised an eyebrow, puzzled.
He knew that being a Cardinal meant holding a significant position. But he couldn’t understand why a clergyman would participate in the Combat Tournament. Jeremiah looked frail, and Hank wondered if he was up to the task.
“Hank, Father Price isn’t just a Cardinal. He’s also called ‘The Dust of Angel,'” Bailey explained.
“What? The Dust of Angel?” Hank was startled. His body broke out in goosebumps at the mention of the name.
Members of the Hall of Gods might be unaware, but he fully grasped the true meaning of “The Dust of Angel”.
Jeremiah was the Holy Sovereign Church’s trump card in the “Betrayer” organization after being the only survivor of a hellish experiment. He was feared as the ultimate beast among beasts.
He possessed the strength of werewolves, the regenerative powers of vampires, and impressive exorcism skills. After being blessed by the Holy Sovereign Church’s holy arts, he became an unstoppable killing machine.
Anyone who opposed the Holy Sovereign Church, no matter their status or power, faced a gruesome fate at Jeremiah’s hands. The most frightening part was that he was a complete psychopath who took twisted pleasure in sadistic, brutal killings.
The Holy Sovereign Church called him ” The Dust of Angel”, but those who opposed them knew him by another name-the “Song of Hell”.
###Chapter 2288 by Marina Vittori
Hank felt a chill run down his spine when he glanced at Jeremiah, the man who killed without mercy.
Even the formidable Dusk Titan and Shadow Prince showed signs of caution around Jeremiah, and it was clear why. If they were regarded as beasts, then Jeremiah, known as The Dust of Angel, was the ultimate beast.
With someone of Jeremiah’s caliber involved, the martial artists of Dragonmarsh would likely face an unprecedented calamity.
“Hank, are you satisfied with these three allies?” Bailey asked, grinning.
“Satisfied? I’d say more than that! With their support, victory in the Combat Tournament is practically guaranteed! “Hank replied confidently.
He used to have doubts because he recognized the exceptional talents of Dragonmarsh. But now, his confidence was on the rise.
After all, the Hall of Gods, the Coven of Blood Eclipse, and the Holy Sovereign Church had deployed their strongest elites. They had effectively united forces from several nations to suppress Dragonmarsh. With this kind of support, victory seemed almost guaranteed.
“Great! With your assurance, I feel much more at ease,” Bailey said with a nod.
He added, “I’m putting you in charge of the tournament. As for our secret plans, they need to go off without a hitch. Make sure everyone stays alert and avoids any trouble in the next few days. When the time is right, we’ll launch our full-scale attack.”
“Got it.” Hank nodded emphatically.
“Why don’t you all get back to work? Don’t interrupt my meal,” Bailey said, waving them off. He then dug into his food with gusto.
Soon, the entire spread of meat was gone.
Meanwhile, Schola Hub, the largest tavern within a 100-mile radius, was buzzing with activity. It hosted elites from various major guilds, including many who had advanced to the top 32.
Unlike modern taverns, Schola Hub was an antique three-story building with a spacious interior. The staff referred to themselves as servers.
Right across the entrance, a stage showcased a performance of the Moby Dick musical. The actors were fully immersed in their roles while the audience enjoyed their meals and drinks, applauding enthusiastically.
The scene near Sacred Wrym Summit was truly one-of-a-kind.
“Hey there, esteemed guests! Please come in.”
As Dustin and his entourage from the Celestial Alliance entered, the server at the door greeted them warmly and escorted them upstairs.
Schola Hub had welcomed high-status and wealthy guests for the past few days. Judging by Dustin and his group’s attire and demeanor, the server could tell they were quite exceptional. Hence, a good service would likely earn the server a generous tip.
“Server, bring us your finest drinks and dishes,” Aurora called out as soon as they were seated. 
“Yes, ma’am.”
The server turned to leave, but Alicia suddenly stopped him. “Wait! Don’t forget to bring some really good wine!”
With a quick flick of her finger, she tossed a gold bead the size of a fingernail into his hand.
He looked closely, and his face lit up with joy. He nodded eagerly. “Thank you for your generosity! Just a moment, I’ll get everything right away!”
With a bounce in his step, the server hurried downstairs. Before long, he returned with the best wine and dishes, plus some appetizers.
“This ten-year-old wine is pretty good. “Alicia opened the bottle and slowly took a sip. Then, she smiled faintly.
As a wine expert, she couldn’t resist a few drinks daily. 
“Alright, enough chatter. Let’s toast!” She poured herself a generous glass and was ready to drink when a hand stopped her. She turned to see it was Dustin’s.
“You just got better, so no drinking for you,” Dustin said gently.
“What? No drinks?” Alicia replied, a hint of disappointment in her voice. ” Dr. Rhys, I feel great now. A couple of drinks should be okay, right?”
“Recovering from a serious illness isn’t easy. It’s best to skip alcohol for now,” he said, shaking his head.
If anything happened to her after drinking, he’d be the one left handling it. He wanted to avoid any trouble, so he felt it was his responsibility to step in and stop her.
“How about just three drinks? Can I?” Alicia asked, holding up three fingers with a hopeful grin.
“Absolutely not,” Dustin replied, shaking his head firmly.
“Just one! I’ll have one to satisfy my craving. That should be fine, right?” She weakly raised one finger, looking pitiful.
“If you want to risk your life, go ahead, ” he said, lowering his hand.
“Oh, come on…” Her face scrunched up in frustration as she raised her eyebrows. She turned to Grace for help. “Faith, can you talk some sense into your guy? He’s so strict and won’t even let me have a drink.”
“What are you saying? We are just friends. You can’t just ruin his reputation like that,” Grace shot back, rolling her eyes.
“Really?” Alicia replied, looking skeptical. “I thought you two were a couple with how you keep exchanging glances.”
###Chapter 2289 by Marina Vittori
“Dr. Rhys is right. You really really shouldn’t drink,” Grace said earnestly. “You’re already not thinking straight without alcohol. Who knows what’ll1 happen if you do drink?”
“Faith, I know I’m wrong. Please talk to him and let me have just one drink.” Alicia clung to Grace’s arm and pleaded. She craved alcohol so much that even a day without it made her feel restless.
“Come on, Alicia. Just hang in there for a few more days. Dr. Rhys is doing this for your own good,” Aurora said with a smile.
“What? I still have to endure a few more days!” Alicia’s face fell, and she slumped over the table, looking defeated. “How am I supposed to survive without a drink? This is torture!
“It’s okay. If you can’t drink, I’ll do it for you,” Fenley said with a slight smile. He took her glass and downed it in one gulp.
“Fenley! You-” Alicia pouted and was on the verge of crying. She felt like everyone around her was ganging up on her.
“Miss, it’s just a drink. Let me buy you one,” came a deep, resonant voice from a nearby table.
They turned to see three foreigners seated nearby. One was a towering figure with tanned skin and exuded an intimidating presence.
Another wore a clerical robe with a cross around his neck as he smiled warmly. The third was dressed in a suit. He looked handsome and noble.
These three men were George, Jeremiah, and Bill. 
“Lovely miss, I’m new to Dragonmarsh. I haven’t seen anyone as, captivating as you. May I have the pleasure to invite you for a drink?” Bill smiled and approached them with a glass of wine.
He was always confident in his looks and charisma. Plus, he was convinced that any woman he pursued would eventually fall for him.
Even those who played hard to get usually succumbed to his advances. Once they were in his bed, he would relish in his dominance.
“Who are you?” Alicia looked at him indifferently.
“I’m Bill Wolfe from Esmington. I’ve been honored with an aristocratic title by Her Royal Highness,” he replied with a smile.
Bill believed appearance was important, but his status was just as crucial. Women would flock to him whenever he mentioned his title.
“So what?” Alicia’s expression remained neutral, though her eyes flashed with disdain.
She couldn’t believe he was trying so hard to flaunt his aristocratic title as if it were the most important thing about him. It made her cringe.
“Hmm?” Her lack of interest caught Bill off guard. He had expected a warmer reception but was met with indifference instead. He had heard that women from Dragonmarsh were supposed to be easy to charm.
“Lovely miss, there’s an old saying in Dragonmarsh that crossing paths is a sign of destiny. Since we’ve met, would you join me for a drink?” He smiled and extended his invitation again.
“Not interested. Please leave,” Alicia refused. 
She had encountered plenty of charming men and had no interest in. arrogant ones like Bill. Besides, she found Dustin more appealing.
“I heard you enjoy fine wines. I happen to have a collection of rare wines at home. How about I bring some for you to try?” Bill persisted and tried to tempt her with his offer.
“No thanks. I’m not in the mood for a drink right now.” Alicia looked visibly annoyed.
Didn’t he get the hint? She had already turned him down, but he kept insisting. It was starting to get on her nerves.
“Hey! My sister is not interested, so can you leave us alone while we eat?” Aurora asked bluntly, making it clear they wanted to be left alone.
The Marshall sisters were used to unwanted advances. Usually, a firm refusal was enough to make guys back off. But Bill wouldn’t take the hint. He seemed to have “creep” written all over him, which disgusted them.
“Bill, I never thought I’d see you get rejected.” George, sitting at the adjacent table, laughed heartily. His face lit up with smug satisfaction.
He had always envied Bill’s charm, as women seemed drawn to him wherever he went. Hence, he was thrilled to see Bill, who rarely faces rejection, finally get turned away.
“Shut up!” Bill snapped at George.
Then, he turned to face Alicia. His gaze darkened as he asked, “What will it take for you to come with me? Just name your price.”
Since seduction wasn’t working, he was trying to buy her off. As the Shadow Prince, he had more than enough power and money.
Before Alicia could respond, Aurora slammed her hand on the table and stood up. “Hey! Are you deaf or something? Get out of here, or I won’t be so nice!”
###Chapter 2290 by Marina Vittori
Aurora’s eyes were icy, and her expression was hostile. Bill had gone from flirting to harassment, and it was making her sick. She wouldn’t hesitate to teach him a lesson if he kept pushing.
“You’re not going to be polite, huh?” he sneered.
With a menacing grin, he added, What’s the matter? You want to have a long, wild night with me in bed? I’m more than happy to arrange that.”
“Bastard! You’re asking for trouble!” she fumed, grabbing the skewers on the table and throwing them at him.
The skewers flew toward his arms from both sides with a sharp whoosh. Aurora was halfway to becoming a grandmaster, so she threw them with bullet-like force.
Bill merely sneered and casually waved his hand. A powerful gust of wind surged forth and deflected the skewers. They flew into a pillar 15 feet away and embedded just under an inch deep into the wood.
“Hmm?” Aurora frowned, and her expression turned serious.
She had gone all out in her previous attack and aimed to cripple him as a punishment. But she hadn’t expected him to be a skilled expert and deflected her attack effortlessly.
“You’re quite the character, miss. You’ve caught my interest. If you come with me and behave, I might let you and your friends go. Otherwise, everyone here is as good as dead.” Bill smiled sinisterly.
He loved fiery women like Aurora, and her defiance only fueled his desire to conquer her. 
“You’re asking for trouble!” Her expression darkened, and her eyes flashed with murderous intent.
She drew her dual blades with lightning speed and sprang forward like a leopard. In a heartbeat, she was face-to – face with him.
Aurora swung her blades toward Bill’s lower back, but he smirked and didn’t dodge. Suddenly, his pale hands grabbed her blades.
“You’re overestimating yourself!” She turned her blades mid-swing and changed her attack from a thrust to a slash.
She aimed to sever his fingers. But when her blades hit his palm, they rang out with a sharp clang as if striking metal. Unfortunately, her blades couldn’t pierce through.
“Hmm?” Aurora’s expression changed. 
With her skills and a weapon sharp enough to cut through iron, it seemed. impossible for anyone below the grandmaster level to challenge her unarmed. She wondered if he was a grandmaster.
“Stop resisting. You should be honored to sleep with me,” Bill taunted. His grip slowly tightened around her blades.
The cracking sound of her dual swords warping and bending was alarming. The sheer force of his grip made her shudder. Who was this guy? How could he be so strong?
“You! Come here!” Bill sneered. His hand darted toward her neck with blinding speed.
Aurora tried to dodge, but his movements were too swift. Just as he was about to grab her, a sharp whistle pierced the air. A skewer shot out and impaled Bill’s hand. The impact not only stopped his attack but pierced through his palm.
“Hmm?” Bill frowned at the skewer sticking out of his palm. He looked up and locked eyes with Fenley, who stared back with a frosty expression.
Fenley’s attack with the skewer was at least tenfold superior to Aurora’s.
“I don’t care who you are. But if you have any sense, you’ll leave now. Otherwise, you’ll have to deal with the consequences!” Fenley warned coldly.
He couldn’t believe Bill dared to mess with Aurora in front of him. If Fenley hadn’t been at the Sacred Wyrm Summit, he would have already dealt with Bill, who would be dead by now.
“I didn’t expect to run into someone with a skilled expert. This is getting interesting.” Bill chuckled sinisterly as he slowly pulled the skewer out of his palm.
His face didn’t show a hint of pain, as if the injury didn’t bother him. Even more unnerving was how his wound began to heal right before everyone’s eyes, the gash disappearing within moments.
Aurora’s eyes widened in disbelief. With such an astonishing ability to heal, she wondered if Bill was a human.
“Are you a vampire?” Fenley narrowed his eyes and quickly caught on.
“Correction. I’m Bill Wolfe, an aristocrat among vampires. Pathetic humans like you should revere and admire me,” Bill said haughtily.
Vampires followed a strict hierarchy. Ordinary vampires were nothing compared to the aristocrats. The purer the bloodline, the greater the power.
“You Strequan vampires really have some guts showing up in Dragonmarsh and causing trouble. Aren’t you worried you might not make it out of here alive? “Aurora snapped.
Dragonmarsh martial artists and Strequan’s underworld forces had always been at odds. Their conflicts manifested in both obvious and subtle ways.
The Strequan typically tread carefully in unfamiliar territory, so Bill’s brazen provocation was definitely out of the ordinary.
“All Dragonmarsh martial artists are a joke. No matter how many of you show up, it won’t make a difference. A herd of sheep doesn’t stand a chance against a lion.” Bill laughed. His tone was dripping with contempt as he looked down on them.
###Chapter 2291 by Marina Vittori
“Arrogant jerk! How dare a pathetic vampire like you come here and act so boldly? Do you think no one in Dragonmarsh can take you down?” Aurora fumed.
Just when she was about to take action, Fenley raised his hand to stop her. He understood that vampire aristocrats were formidable opponents. Given Aurora’s current strength, she stood no chance against them.
“I’m guessing this is your first time in Dragonmarsh, right?” Fenley’s voice was calm, but his gaze was icy.
“So, what if it is?” Bill lifted his chin defiantly.
“You must be clueless. It seems your elders didn’t tell you that once you’re in Dragonmarsh, you must keep a low profile, or you might end up dead.” Fenley slowly stood up, radiating a murderous intent.
As long as the Strequans behaved in Dragonmarsh, they were generally left. alone. But Bill’s reckless and provocative behavior was like signing his own death warrant.
“End up dead?” Bill laughed mockingly. “Do you and your little group think you can take me on?”
“Let’s find out.” Fenley slammed his hand on the table. Instantly, the dozens of skewers began to levitate and hovered in the air.
With a flick of his wrist, the skewers shot toward Bill like speeding bullets. Each skewer was charged with the Grandmaster’s internal energy, capable of piercing steel plates.
Bill’s eyes narrowed as his fingernails suddenly extended three inches and became razor sharp. As the skewers flew toward him, he sliced through each one with pinpoint accuracy.
His nails were comparable to Divine Weapons, slicing through the skewers effortlessly as if they were made of butter.
“Heh… Is that all you’ve got?” Bill sneered.
Just as he was about to continue his taunts, he noticed Fenley had disappeared from his seat. In the blink of an eye, Fenley reappeared just 20 inches away.
“Huh?” Bill’s eyes widened in shock as he instinctively raised his hand to strike. Before fully extending his claws, he felt a sharp pain in his chest.
He looked down and was stunned to see Fenley’s hand had already pierced through his chest, blood staining his hand.
“You-” Bill was dumbfounded, and his eyes widened with disbelief.
Vampires had always taken pride in their speed and strength, which usually gave them a significant advantage over human martial artists. But he never expected Fenley to be faster than him.
At that moment, George and Jeremiah, who had been drinking and observing the scene, stopped their chatters. They exchanged glances, and both looked equally astonished.
They were well aware of Bill’s strength. He often triumphed over Dragonmarsh’s Grandmasters. But now he was severely wounded after just one move. It dawned on them that Fenley wasn’t an ordinary martial artist.
“Pathetic!” Fenley scoffed. With a flick of his wrist, he hurled Bill several feet through the air.
Bill slammed into the wall with a loud crash, and blood splattered everywhere. “Ugh!” He coughed up a mouthful of blood.
His already pale face turned even more ashen. Despite his impressive healing abilities, he couldn’t get up after such a devastating blow.
“You’re tougher than you look,” Fenley remarked with a cold glance.
If any ordinary vampire’s heart were pierced, it would be fatal.
However, as an aristocrat, Bill had superior vitality and a quicker recovery. Although his heart was damaged and would need time to heal, it wasn’t enough to kill him with just one blow.
“How dare you, you insignificant human! I’m going to rip you apart!” Bill roared.
His eyes glowed red as his fangs lengthened and sharpened. A cloud of scarlet mist enveloped him like it had a will of its own before it seeped into his wounds. The mist healed his injuries almost instantly.
The others frowned in disbelief at his incredible regeneration. Even with a pierced heart, he healed at an astonishing rate, revealing the extraordinary power of his nobility.
“Go to hell!” Once fully healed, Bill surged forward.
He morphed into a crimson shadow as he charged at Fenley. His speed had increased dramatically, and it was nearly impossible for Aurora and Alicia to follow with their eyes.
“You’re asking for it!” Fenley sneered and didn’t flinch. He punched the crimson shadow with a blow that seemed ordinary but was packed with destructive power.
There was a loud explosion when Fenley’s punch struck. It caused the crimson shadow to burst into a cloud of scarlet mist.
When everyone thought Bill had been killed, the mist swirled and quickly reformed behind Fenley. Bill reappeared in the blink of an eye, his sharp fang aimed at Fenley’s neck.
With a single bite, Bill could paralyze Fenley instantly, leaving him immobile and vulnerable to being drained dry.
###Chapter 2292 by Marina Vittori
“Fenley, watch out!” Aurora and Alicia shouted in unison. They were shocked by the sudden turn of events.
They hadn’t expected Bill to have such a bizarre ability. After being turned into a cloud of scarlet mist with a single punch, he reformed and launched a surprise attack. Defending against such a deadly move the first time would be nearly impossible.
Vampire’s fangs carried a paralyzing toxin, and bites from aristocratic vampires were even more potent. Even a grandmaster martial artist would struggle to resist a single bite.
“Pathetic trick!” Fenley didn’t bother to turn. He shook his body, and a huge divine shadow briefly flickered behind him.
Suddenly, a-powerful shockwave erupted. His hair stood on end, and his robe billowed out.
The shockwave hurled Bill, who was attacking from behind, several feet away. He slammed into the wall and fell in a daze, looking utterly disheveled.
“That was a close call!” Aurora and Alicia sighed in relief after seeing what happened. They were relieved Fenley had the Four Elements of God’s Technique protecting him. Otherwise, he could be in danger.
“Fuck you! I’ll drain every drop of your blood!” Bill, furious from his missed attack, grew even more enraged. Surrounded by a swirling scarlet mist, his menacing appearance made him look like a demon.
“Go to hell!” He spun around and transformed into a scarlet whirlwind as he swept toward Fenley.
Vampires had remarkable resilience, which allowed them to recover quickly from even severe wounds. Hence, Bill would fight recklessly and trade blows without worrying about his safety. 1
He could take multiple hits and keep going, but a single hit from him could be fatal for his opponent. This unyielding resilience was a key trait of vampires, making them so fearsome.
So, taking down a powerful vampire was nearly impossible without a specialized weapon to counter them.
“Fury of Wind God!” Seeing the scarlet whirlwind approaching, Fenley lost his patience and unleashed his ultimate move, the Four Elements of God’s Technique.
He shook his body, and a massive shadow of the Divine Specter materialized behind him out of thin air. Then, he raised his hand and struck at. the approaching scarlet whirlwind. Simultaneously, the Divine Specter mirrored his attack.
A roar filled the air as it shattered with explosive energy. A colossal palm shadow filled with destructive power surged toward the scarlet whirlwind.
The wind howled as the palm shadow passed, and the energy surged wildly. Sharp wind blades sliced through the air through metal like it was nothing. Then, they formed a dense net that shredded the scarlet whirlwind.
“Ah!” A scream echoed from the scarlet whirlwind as Bill was hurled through the air as if struck by a freight train. He was flung dozens of feet away.
Just as he was about to smash through the window and out of the tavern, Jeremiah appeared behind him and caught him.
“Mr. Wolfe, you’re no match for him. It’s best to take a step back and recover. “Jeremiah patted Bill’s shoulder with a calm, almost benign expression.
Despite the vampires’ impressive strength, Jeremiah knew Fenley was superior. Bill’s efforts were futile since he couldn’t land a blow on his opponent.
“I’m not accepting this defeat! I’m going to kill him!” Bill gritted his teeth. His face contorted with fury.
His suit was torn and drenched in blood, with numerous wounds all over his body. He was a bloody mess, barely holding himself together.
Luckily, being a vampire meant he could still stand. If he were human, he would’ve already been dead. 
“Mr. Wolfe, fighting isn’t jus? about using brute force. You need to use your brain. Given your current state, it’s best if you don’t engage further,” Jeremiah said, shaking his head.
“What? Are you saying I’m not smart enough?” Bill was enraged at the comment.
“No, you’ve misunderstood. I’m not insulting you. I’m simply stating the truth,” Jeremiah replied with a smile.
“You-“
Just as Bill was about to snap, he suddenly felt a burst of intense, holy energy from Jeremiah’s hand on his shoulder.
The heat was overwhelming, like being set ablaze, and pain surged through him instantly. Thick black smoke began to seep from his pores, accompanied by a sizzling sound.
“Ahh!” Bill’s body trembled in pain, and his face twisted in agony. His previous anger and frustration melted away, replaced by stark fear.
He nearly forgot that Jeremiah was feared throughout the Strequan underworld. Jeremiah possessed physical abilities rivaling vampires and mastery over holy magic designed to counter dark creatures. 
Bill realized that defying Jeremiah could mean a fate far worse than death. He couldn’t afford to cross him.
###Chapter 2293 by Marina Vittori
“F-Father, you’re right. I’m injured and need to rest. Please, let me go.” Bill. was in so much pain that he immediately begged for mercy.
In Strequa, strength reigned supreme. Those who were powerful and had a strong presence earned widespread respect, and their words carried considerable influence. Simply put, they could force a person if.
“Mr. Wolfe, I take back what I said earlier. You’re a smart man.” Jeremiah kept a neutral expression and maintained his smile.
Bill’s eyes twitched in frustration, but he held his tongue and stepped back. He was reluctant to admit defeat against Fenley and believed he could still fight. Yet, he had no choice but to submit to Jeremiah’s authority.
“Father, if Bill can’t handle this, let me step in.” George suddenly rose from his seat. His massive, towering figure was intimidating.
His strength and physical prowess were superior to Bill’s. In a direct confrontation, he was like an unstoppable human tank.
“Why does this guy look like a gorilla?” Alicia and Aurora exchanged surprised glances.
When George was sitting, they hadn’t noticed anything unusual. But now that he was standing, he was quite a sight.
At over seven feet tall, his massive frame was covered in muscles as solid as obsidian. He looked even more imposing than a bull, and his presence could intimidate most people before a fight started.
“Mr. Burroughs, let’s not act impulsively,” Jeremiah said with a smile. He raised his hand to stop George. “We’re here for a meal, not a fight. Let’s not make things worse.”
“Father, you don’t need to get involved. A few martial artists from Dragonmarsh are no match for me,” George growled.
Jeremiah said nothing. He approached George and placed a hand on his shoulder as he guided him back to his seat.
Then, Jeremiah turned to Fenley and the others with a smile. “I’m sorry for my friends’ behavior. They got a bit carried away. Please forgive their impulsiveness.”
“Hmph! Apologizing just because you can’t win? Why didn’t you do it sooner? “Aurora scoffed, clearly irritated.
If Bill had gained the upper hand just now, the other side would probably be singing a different tune. The apology was merely a sign of fear of Fenley’s strength, a concession to avoid further trouble.
“You have a saying in Dragonmarsh that said, ‘Friends are made through conflict.’ My friend here was simply. trying to engage in a friendly sparring match. If we’ve offended you, I hope you can overlook it,” Jeremiah said calmly.
“Father! Why are we apologizing? We should just…” Bill started to protest, but a stern look from Jeremiah silenced him instantly.
“You seem to be a reasonable person. Since you’re willing to admit your mistake, I’ll let this incident slide,” Fenley said
Then, he added, “But remember, if you come to Dragonmarsh again, you’d better play by the rules. The Celestial Alliance won’t tolerate any troublemakers.”
“Oh? Which elite member of the Celestial Alliance are you? Can you tell us your name?” Jeremiah asked with a smile.
“I’m Fenley Hudson,” Fenley said coolly.
“Ah, you’re Sir Hudson. I’ve heard a lot about you,” Jeremiah replied, nodding with a hint of surprise.
Earlier, Bailey had given them a list of Dragonmarsh’s top talents, including those who might threaten their chances in the tournament. Fenley of the Celestial Alliance was one of the top names on that list.
It was clear now why Bill had been completely outmatched. It turned out that he had encountered a formidable opponent.
“Let’s skip the pleasantries. Remember my warning, or face the consequences, “Fenley said sternly.
“Thanks for the reminder. I’ll keep my friend in check,” Jeremiah replied, nodding.
He picked up a glass of wine from the table. “Everyone, we’re leaving now.”. After taking a sip, he headed downstairs with George and Bill.
“Fenley, I’ll remember you! See you in the battle ring tomorrow!” Bill shouted a final threat as they left.
He was still fuming from being beaten by a mere human martial artist. The humiliation was hard for him to accept.
Fenley didn’t even bother to look at him. He completely ignored the threat. To him, someone like Bill wasn’t worth acknowledging.
“Fenley, aren’t you going to do something about those guys? They clearly mean trouble,” Aurora said, her frustration evident.
She couldn’t believe the nerve of George, Bill, and Jeremiah for causing trouble in Dragonmarsh. They were quite bold.
“It’s not the vampire we should be worried about,” Fenley said, shaking his head. “But that priest is another story. If it comes to a fight, it might not go well for us.”
He could tell George, Bill, and Jeremiah had bad intentions. But the seemingly harmless priest gave Fenley an uneasy feeling. In a confrontation, the outcome was far from certain.
###Chapter 2294 by Marina Vittori
“No way! That priest looked ordinary and didn’t seem like a threat,” Aurora said, puzzled.
Given Fenley’s skills, he was among the best in Dragonmarsh. So, she figured he had no reason to be afraid of those three Strequans.
“You can’t judge a book by its cover. Among those three, the priest is the strongest. If you ever run into him, avoid him at all costs,” Fenley warned earnestly.
If he had been alone earlier, he wouldn’t have been concerned. But with Aurora and Alicia by his side, he had to be cautious and couldn’t fight freely.
He knew Jeremiah could distract him if they fought while Bill and George captured the Marshall sisters. With the sisters’ lives as leverage, the other party could turn the situation in their favor.
So, Fenley decided to let the matter slide for the sisters’ safety and stop pursuing the matter.
“Okay, I understand.” Seeing how serious he was, Aurora nodded.
“Fenley, those people mentioned about competing in the Combat Tournament tomorrow. You might faced off with them, so be careful,” Alicia reminded him.
She knew Bill was strong, but Jeremiah’s strength was an unknown factor. Until they had a clearer picture of their opponents, being cautious was the safest approach.
“These people aren’t here with good intentions, so we should stay alert,” Fenley said, nodding.
He added, “But don’t worry. Our nation has plenty of hidden talents. If we faced off in the battle ring, we wouldn’t lose to those Strequan forces. The only concern is that they might resort to dirty tricks.”
“We’ll handle whatever comes our way, “Aurora said. “Once we’re in the battle ring, those guys from the Strequan underworld don’t stand a chance!”
Over the years, the Strequan forces, led by the Hall of Gods, had always used dirty tactics-manipulating, bribing, and even resorting to assassination behind the scenes. 
They never had the guts to confront the Dragonmarsh head-on. By entering this Combat Tournament openly, they were just asking for trouble.
“Enough about those guys. Let’s continue our meal.” Alicia redirected the conversation as they started to savor their food. She knew the elders would deal with the Hall of Gods, so they didn’t need to worry.
Outside the tavern, Jeremiah strolled down the lively street while enjoying the night as if he were a tourist. George trailed behind him silently like a bodyguard.
In contrast, Bill was frustrated. Not only had he failed to attract any women, but he had also been beaten up, which was a major blow to his pride. If Jeremiah hadn’t stopped him, Bill would have shown his true form and challenged Fenley to a fight.
“Father, I don’t get it. He’s just a martial artist from Dragonmarsh. Why are we so afraid of him?” Bill, who had been holding back his anger, finally spoke up.
“Sir Hudson from the Celestial Alliance is ranked fifth on the Legendary List. He’s not someone we can take lightly. We’re still on a mission, and now isn’t the time to stir up more trouble,” Jeremiah replied calmly.
“What’s so great about being fifth on the Legendary List? If I had transformed, I could’ve killed him,” Bill said bitterly.
Powerful vampires typically have three forms. He was defeated earlier because he only used his second form. If he could unleash his third form, his strength would double. Then, he would be able to kill Fenley to vent his anger.
“If you transform, you’ll be weakened for days and unable to compete in the tournament,” Jeremiah said.
He continued, “Besides, even if you did transform, it might not make a difference. You weren’t fighting at full strength, and Fenley might have been holding something back, too. In a life- or-death fight, you might not be his equal.”
“Even if I can’t take him down alone, we still have Mr. Burroughs, right?” Bill said defiantly. “If he is willing to take action, we can kill Fenley.”
“I don’t need any help. I can handle this on my own,” George interjected.
Bill was speechless. His frustration was barely contained as he glanced at George beside him. He would have taken out his anger on George if he weren’t outmatched.
“Did you really think it was only Fenley back there?” Jeremiah suddenly stopped walking.
While walking with his head down, Bill bumped into Jeremiah’s back and staggered backward. “What? Are you saying there was another expert?” he asked, surprised.
“Didn’t you notice the young man sitting with Fenley?” Jeremiah asked.
“The guy sitting with him?” Bill pondered briefly before saying, “He seemed pretty average. He didn’t say anything despite our provocations. He must be a wimp.”
Jeremiah scoffed and turned. He smiled coldly. “I think he’s more like a werewolf than a vampire.”
“Huh? What do you mean?” Bill asked, puzzled.
“All brawn and no brains,” Jeremiah stated bluntly.
Bill’s eye twitched again. He was speechless from the insult. In Strequan, strength was everything. If one couldn’t measure up, they had to keep quiet.
“That man is just as strong as Fenley. He had an intimidating presence.”
Jeremiah’s smile faded as he said thoughtfully, “If you had faced him earlier, you might already be a corpse.”
###Chapter 2295 by Marina Vittori
“Corpse?” Bill scoffed dismissively.
He continued, “Father, aren’t you exaggerating? Vampires are immortal. Even the most skilled martial artists from Dragonmarsh wouldn’t be able to kill me.”
He didn’t mention that the Holy Sovereign Church’s holy laws, while effective against vampires, wouldn’t be enough to stop him. Even Jeremiah wouldn’t be able to catch him if he chose to escape.
“Mr. Wolfe, your vampire gene is impressive, but you’re not immortal. If you were, the Coven of Blood Eclipse wouldn’t be a vassal of the Hall of Gods, “Jeremiah said calmly.
He continued, “Also, don’t underestimate Dragonmarsh’s martial artists. We’ve clashed with them multiple times over the years and haven’t come out on top. If you keep being arrogant and complacent, you’re bound to face consequences.”
Bill, being an inexperienced aristocrat, had no idea how dangerous Dragonmarsh could be. His earlier encounter with a group of young elites had been relatively easy by comparison.
However, if they provoked the older, more formidable figures, their chances of escaping alive would be slim.
“Father, I hope you’re not afraid of those Dragonmarsh martial artists. Seems like your title as ‘The Dust of Angel’ isn’t as impressive as the legends say,” Bill said with a sneer.
As an aristocratic vampire, he naturally looked down on human martial artists. He had expected Jeremiah to be on the same page as him. But instead, he discovered that Jeremiah was actually a coward and ran away from a handful of young martial artists. It was a real letdown for him.
“Bill, you’d better watch what you say. If you disrespect Father again, I might just shut you up for good!” George warned, his voice low and menacing.
Unbeknownst to Bill, George had witnessed Jeremiah’s terrifying power firsthand. A few years back, he was just as arrogant as Bill until Jeremiah gave him a brutal beating that put him in his place.
“Don’t get too full of yourself, gorilla! You really think I’m scared of you?” Bill snapped, baring his fangs and taking an aggressive stance.
As the Shadow Prince, he was used to getting his way in Esmington. After the earlier defeat and now facing a threat from George, his patience had worn thin.
“Hmph! If you’re not satisfied, let’s settle this with a fight!” George stopped talking and tightened his fists.
His muscles swelled, making him look even more intimidating. A wave of fierce energy rolled off him like a storm hitting the shore. The wind howled around them at that instant, and the temperature dropped sharply.
Bill’s expression changed slightly. He hadn’t anticipated George’s challenge and wondered if George was not afraid of the Coven of Blood Eclipse’s retaliation.
“That’s enough!” Suddenly, Jeremiah’s voice cut through the tension. An invisible sound wave broke up George’s intimidating presence.
He added coldly, “We’re allies now. Our mission is to work together against the Dragonmarsh martial artists, not to squabble among ourselves. Save your energy for tomorrow’s match.”
“Yes, Father,” George said, lowering his head and stepping aside.
However, Bill huffed annoyingly. He turned and walked away from them, realizing that George and Jeremiah were clearly on the same side. He figured sticking around would only bring him more trouble.
“I just don’t get it. With so many experts in the Coven of Blood Eclipse, why would they send this spoiled brat to the front lines? He’s nothing but trouble for us,” George grumbled as he watched Bill’s departing figure.
The so-called Shadow Prince was riding on his father’s reputation to boss others around in Esmington. He wasn’t remarkably talented but had a notoriously bad temper.
“Bill is set to inherit the Coven of Blood Eclipse. He was sent to Dragonmarsh under the pretense of serving the Hall of Gods. In fact, this was just a way to boost his credentials,” Jeremiah said.
He continued, “If he makes a name for himself in this tournament, his status in the Coven of Blood Eclipse will improve. Plus, his future succession as Shadow Master will be much smoother.
“Bill thinks he can become the Shadow Master? What a joke!” George scoffed.
He continued, “The werewolves have been gaining power over the years, matching the vampires. The new generation of werewolf elites is even more formidable. Werewolves, who admire strength, would never let a weakling rule over them.”
The Coven of Blood Eclipse was anything but a harmonious alliance. For centuries, werewolves and vampires had been locked in endless conflict. It wasn’t until a powerful Shadow Master rose among the vampires that they managed to keep the werewolves at bay.
But now, that Shadow Master’s days were numbered. Once he died, a war between vampires and werewolves was inevitable. Bill was nowhere near capable of bearing this burden.
Jeremiah said, “The Coven of Blood Eclipse is bound to have internal strife sooner or later. This hatred has been brewing for over a thousand years, and there’s no avoiding it.
“I just hope these filthy dark creatures killed each other. It’d be best if they all wiped each other out!” He grinned wickedly.
But he quickly composed himself and masked his expression with a harmless, friendly smile. After all, harboring murderous thoughts wasn’t appropriate for a clergyman. He figured half would do since wishing for their complete extinction was too cruel.
###Chapter 2296 by Marina Vittori
The following day at Sacred Wyrm Summit, the spectators had already arrived as the first light of dawn began to glow in the sky.
Key figures from every faction and major guild poured in, with elites and experts gathering in large numbers. At that moment, Sacred Wyrm Summit was livelier than ever.
To the bigwigs, the previous Group C and B matches were mere warm-ups. The real spectacle that would shape the future was the showdown among the Group A geniuses.
After all, those who made it into Group A were either young grandmasters selected by major guilds. Alternatively, they were formidable fighters who had fought to the top from thousands of elite martial artists.
Hence, anyone from the 32 contestants in this round could be a future game- changer. Today’s matches, which narrowed the field from 32 to eight, were about selecting the best among the geniuses.
Naturally, the event captured everyone’s attention. Even the big shots who usually stayed out of the limelight made their appearances. The outcome of these battles was set to dictate the future direction of the martial world, and no one dared to take it lightly.
Dustin, Grace, and a few others had also arrived early at the tournament venue. As one of the top 32 contestants, Dustin would fight in the match that day.
However, before the matches began, they had to draw lots as per the tournament rules. There were 32 numbered tiles, each representing a contestant.
The contestants would match in an opposing bracket format. In simple terms, contestant number one faced number 32, contestant number two faced number 31, contestant number three faced number 30, and so on.
After the first round of matches determined the top 16, another draw would be held to decide the matchups for the top eight. The draw was completely random, so luck played a significant role alongside skill.
If someone had bad luck and faced a top -seeded contestant from the Heavenly Immortals list early, their journey might end at the top 32. Conversely, good luck could mean an easier path to the top eight.
The unpredictability of the battle ring matches was a key part of the tournament’s appeal.
After taking his designated seat, Dustin began to survey his surroundings. Compared to previous days, today’s spectators consisted mainly of experts from the righteous and the dark guilds.
This Combat Tournament had minimal restrictions-anyone strong enough could participate, regardless of their background or alignment. The only rule was that they must not cause trouble at the Sacred Wyrm Summit.
As a result, even those considered outlaws or unorthodox by mainstream society had put in considerable effort to select exceptionally talented disciples to compete with the prestigious guilds.
The outcome of these matches would reveal the true prowess of each contestant.
“Look! The bigwig from Sacred Wrym Summit is here!”
At that moment, a gasp of surprise swept through the crowd.
More than half of the spectators rose to their feet. Dustin followed their gaze and saw a middle-aged man walking out in a purple robe with a set of rosary beads.
The middle-aged man had a strikingly handsome face and a gentle demeanor. His warm smile radiated a welcoming and approachable air. Just seeing him made everyone feel relaxed and at ease.
Although he didn’t exude a dominating presence, no one dared to underestimate him. His purple robe signified that he was the Honored Sage of the True Order.
This middle-aged man was Kaden Foyer, the newly appointed Sage of Sacred Wrym Summit. He was also a top -ranked fighter on the Champ-Tier List.
Until now, the major guilds thought Kaden, the successor to the Sage title, was still waiting in the wings at Sacred Wrym Summit. But today, as he donned the purple celestial robe, the truth was undeniable.
Arion, the former Sage, had officially passed the throne to Kaden. From this moment forward, Kaden would be the Sage of Sacred Wrym Summit.
“I didn’t expect Kaden to just quietly take over the Sage position. Even our guild hadn’t heard a word about it,” Aurora said, her eyes narrowing thoughtfully.
The Celestial Alliance, with its extensive network and top-notch intelligence, was only second to the Zenith Society when gathering information.
Whenever something big happened in the martial world, the Celestial Alliance was usually the first to know. However, Kaden’s ascension to Sage managed to slip past their radar.
“It’s not surprising we missed it. Sacred Wrym Summit is one of those places we generally steer clear of,” Alicia said indifferently.
Despite its size, the Celestial Alliance knew better than to interfere with the affairs of Aylka, West Lucozia, and Sacred Wrym Summit. They kept their distance from anything involving these three major forces.
“Looks like Sacred Wrym Summit is using this Combat Tournament to elevate Kaden’s profile,” Fenley said, stroking his chin. 
Kaden had a low profile, so he wasn’t well-known in the martial world. Many might not have heard of him if it hadn’t been for his recent ranking on the Champ-Tier List.
However, Kaden made a bold statement by donning the Sage’s celestial robe at this tournament. The intent behind his move was intriguing and worth pondering.
With all eyes on him, Kaden strode out, accompanied by Oron and Caleb. Although Kaden and Caleb were formally masters and apprentices, they were actually father and son.
A figure stepped forward and said respectfully, “Greetings, Sage Foyer. I’m Arson Blake, guildmaster of Boulderthorn.”
“It’s an honor to meet you, Sage Foyer. I’m Xamen Scarle, guildmaster of Scarlesun guild.”
Another leader stepped forward and saluted. “Greetings, Sage Foyer. I’m Claude Yason, leader of Blizzard Union.
“Greetings, Sage Foyer. I’m Chester Newbery, leader of the Embersteel Order.”
Then, key figures from various guilds and their disciples rose from their seats and offered their respects to the newly appointed sage.
At that moment, Kaden became the center of attention.
###Chapter 2297 by Marina Vittori
Kaden’s appearance as the Sage of Sacred Wrym Summit stirred up quite a buzz. Everyone, regardless of age and gender, stood to congratulate him and saluted with respect.
Even though Sacred Wrym Summit rarely got involved in the martial world affairs, it held a revered place among martial artists. Regardless of Kaden’s past, wearing the Sage’s robe commanded respect.
“It’s an honor to have you all here at Sacred Wrym Summit,” Kaden said, facing the crowd with a smile and a respectful gesture. “If my hospitality falls short in any way, I ask for your understanding.”
His demeanor was calm and poised, without a trace of arrogance.
“Not at all! Sacred Wrym Summit is a paradise. It’s an honor just to be here.”
“I’ve heard a lot about you, Sage Foyer. Seeing you in person confirms everything I’ve heard.”
“The Combat Tournament at Sacred Wrym Summit is a fantastic opportunity for us to show off our skills. You really know how to set the stage.”
The compliments came pouring in as everyone eagerly flattered Kaden. After all, staying on good terms with Sacred Wrym Summit was a wise choice.
“Thank you for the kind words. Please take your seat.” After exchanging a few more pleasantries, Kaden motioned everyone to sit. Then, he returned to the main seat in front of the battle ring with Oron and Caleb.
After Kaden’s arrival, the guildmasters and leaders of various guilds began to make their entrance.
“Look! It’s the Sword Union!”
As gasps filled the air, a fierce-looking middle-aged man in white strode in, flanked by several disciples. His long hair flowed behind him, and his handsome face bore a cold, detached expression. An icy chill seemed to emanate from him.
The crowd instinctively parted to clear a path, showing their respect-or perhaps their fear-as they stepped aside. This imposing figure was Cyrus Hadley, the guildmaster of the Sword Union and the second-ranked on the Champ-Tier List.
Behind him were two men and a woman, who were young disciples of the Sword Union. The standout among them was a young man with five long swords and a commanding presence. He was Glenn Hadley, the mythical ace who topped the Legendary List.
When Cyrus and Glenn stood together, they resembled a massive, unyielding sword. Their presence instilled fear in anyone who dared to meet their gaze.
“What an overwhelming presence. That sword aura is chilling. Is this the kind of pressure the Sword Union brings?”
“I need to back off. It feels like my life is in danger!”
The arrival of the Sword Union instantly grabbed everyone’s attention. Unlike the warm welcome Kaden received, Cyrus and Glenn evoked an atmosphere of fear and caution. Even before they got close, the crowds backed away as if facing a looming threat. 
The Sword Union wasn’t known for being overbearing. They typically kept to themselves as long as they weren’t provoked. But for some reason, their mere appearance gave off an impression of impending doom and caused other guilds to keep their distance.
“Mr. Hadley,” Kaden greeted with a warm smile, standing to offer a respectful nod as Cyrus approached.
“Sage Foyer,” Cyrus replied with a nod.
“Please take a seat,” Kaden said with a welcoming gesture. He invited Cyrus and his entourage to sit beside him.
“Thank you,” Cyrus replied before settling down with his three disciples.
Their interaction was short and courteous.
Kaden was new to his position, and Cyrus led a reclusive life. Since this was their first meeting, they weren’t well- acquainted yet.
“Is that the Sword Union’s guildmaster? He looks remarkable!” Aurora said, observing Cyrus with keen interest.
She had heard Alloy speak of Cyrus before. According to her father, Cyrus was arrogant and aloof but possessed unparalleled sword skills.
Alloy even mentioned that Cyrus was one of the few who might one day achieve the status of a terrestrial immortal.
“The Sword Union may be small in number, but they were on par with us for a reason.” Alicia sighed deeply.
The Sword Union had Cyrus, a formidable guildmaster, and a beast like Glenn. With such powerhouses at the helm, their guild was poised to become even more dominant in the coming century.
While the Celestial Alliance appeared to be thriving, it was missing truly standout experts. In stark contrast, the Sword Union’s strength came from its unity.
The Celestial Alliance was bogged down by internal strife, with different groups fighting for their own gain. Even Alloy, as the guildmaster, was powerless to change the situation.
If the current state of affairs persisted, things could only worsen, and the Celestial Alliance might eventually crumble.
“Glenn!” Fenley’s eyes narrowed as he zeroed in on the young man with five swords strapped to his back. His gaze was intense, filled with a burning determination.
The Sword Union and the Celestial Alliance had always been at odds, and Fenley found himself frequently compared to Glenn. Since he made a name for himself, Glenn had always been just a step ahead, which fueled Fenley’s deep-seated resentment.
Now, Fenley was determined to seize this chance to defeat Glenn publicly and establish his own reputation.
“Hm?” Glenn, sitting in the stands, suddenly turned his head. His piercing gaze locked onto Fenley with the sharpness of a blade.
Undeterred, Fenley met his stare with equal intensity. Their eyes locked, sparking a fierce, heated rivalry.
###Chapter 2298 by Marina Vittori
Glenn and Fenley were top-tier geniuses in the martial world. Given the intense rivalry between the Sword Union and the Celestial Alliance, it was only natural that they saw each other as competitors.
Fenley was fired up with a fighting spirit after a recent breakthrough in his cultivation before the tournament. He was itching for a showdown with Glenn and could hardly wait to face him.
In contrast, Glenn wouldn’t back down from Fenley’s challenge. However, while Fenley was fired up with a fighting spirit, Glenn remained indifferent.
Since topping the Legendary List, Glenn had stopped regarded his peers as worthy rivals, except for Logan, who was his equal and had been missing for years.
At present, his focus was on the elites of the Champ-Tier List, the ultimate benchmark of power in the martial world. 1
He had to take down one top competitor after another and push through every obstacle until he reached the pinnacle of success. The past was irrelevant since he was laser-focused on the road ahead, with no intention of looking back.
Caleb, dressed in tattered robes, suddenly stood up with a yawn and stretched lazily. He accidentally blocked the line of sight between Glenn and Fenley.
Glenn averted his gaze and settled beside Cyrus. He closed his eyes to center his focus and block out the distractions around him.
Fenley quickly regained his composure. With Glenn in the tournament, Fenley knew their paths would cross eventually, so there was no need to rush things.
He aimed to defeat Glenn in the finals and claim the championship title. A win would secure him the highest honor and boost the Celestial Alliance’s reputation. This would silence any lingering doubts about his strength.
“Man, these guys are tough. I really shouldn’t have entered this tournament.” Caleb eyed Glenn and Fenley, shook his head, and let out a resigned sigh.
He wasn’t cut out for competition and only wanted a quiet life without drama. But after being pressured into participating by Humminghill, he had no choice. With high expectations on his shoulders, he knew he couldn’t just take it easy.
He needed to finish in the top three at the very least and secure a spot in the top eight to avoid letting Kaden down. If not, Caleb would face punishment when he returned.
His only hope was to avoid drawing Glenn or Fenley in the early rounds. Facing either of them would be the worst luck imaginable.
“Look! It’s Mr. Marshall from the Celestial Alliance!”
The crowd erupted in excitement.
In the southeast direction, a distinguished middle-aged man in white robes approached with a commanding presence, his features sharp. He entered with several elders.
The man in white walked through the crowd with a warm smile and an air of nobility. He nodded and greeted familiar faces with genuine friendliness.
This was Alloy, the guildmaster of the Celestial Alliance, and several elders accompanied him.
Unlike Cyrus, who was aloof and stern, Alloy was the definition of approachability. He radiated warmth and friendliness, greeting everyone with a genuine smile and never showing any trace of arrogance.
“Greetings, Mr. Marshall.”
“Greetings, Mr. Marshall.”
At that moment, leaders and disciples from various guilds stood up in deference. The Celestial Alliance had disciples across the land, and its influence greatly exceeded that of every other guild.
To others, the Celestial Alliance was the undisputed top guild in Dragonmarsh. Even though the Sword Union was gaining ground, the Celestial Alliance eclipsed its reputation and influence.
Unlike the reclusive Sword Union, the Celestial Alliance was well-connected with many guilds and frequently played the role of mediator for smaller factions. So, it wasn’t surprising that nearly half of the martial world forces were associated with them.
When Alloy entered, the respect from the gathered guilds was unmistakable. This was a sharp contrast to their reaction toward Cyrus.
“Mr. Marshall, it’s been a while. How have you been?” When Alloy approached, Kaden stood up immediately to greet him. His face lit up with a welcoming smile as if reuniting with an old friend.
“Thank you for asking, Sage Foyer. I’ve been enjoying a leisurely life-mostly feeding fish and playing with the birds, “Alloy replied with a smile.
He continued, “If you’re free, I’d love for you to drop by. I’ve recently added some interesting artworks and classic manuscripts to my collection, but I’m having trouble understanding them due to my limited knowledge. It would be a pleasure to have you over and hear your thoughts.”
“It would be my pleasure,” Kaden replied with a smile.
The two continued their friendly exchange. After a while, they finally took their seats.
“Oh? Mr. Hadley? I heard you were in seclusion training. I didn’t expect you to attend today.” Alloy finally noticed Cyrus on the other side and greeted him with a smile.
“We never miss an event like this,” Cyrus replied indifferently.
He added, “Seems you’re always looking for ways to further your agenda. Don’t tell me you’re using this opportunity to recruit new disciples for the Celestial Alliance?”
“A wise bird chooses the best tree to perch on,” Alloy said with a knowing smile. “If any young talents are eager to join my guild, they’re more than welcome.”
“You’re still as picky as ever.” Cyrus sneered.
“I can’t compare myself to you, who picks only the finest. Unfortunately, your resources are too limited to nurture such talent. I remember several of your disciples joined our guild this year due to the unfair treatment. What’s your take on this?” Alloy asked impassively.
“Hmph! They’re nothing but rejects. Letting them go doesn’t bother me. We don’t need dead weight,” Cyrus retorted.
The tension between them quickly escalated, with their disciples exchanging hostile glares. It was clear a confrontation could break out at any moment.
###Chapter 2299 by Marina Vittori
“That’s true. With your lofty ambitions, why would you care about a few underperforming disciples?” Alloy said sarcastically.
He added, “Yet, those very disciples have shown impressive growth since joining the Celestial Alliance. Perhaps… they’re simply struggling to adjust to the Sword Union’s treatment?”
“Mr. Marshall, you talk a big game, but it doesn’t amount to much when it comes to real skill,” Cyrus said coldly.
He continued, “Since this is a Combat Tournament, why don’t we take it to the stage? Are you up for showing these young ones what true skill really looks like?”
“If you’re so eager, I’d be happy to oblige,” Alloy replied with an indifferent smile. “I’d also like to see if your swordsmanship lives up to the rumors.”
One was ranked second on the Champ- Tier List, and the other was third. Their strength differences weren’t big. If they faced off, it was anyone’s guess who would win.
“Please calm down.” Seeing the situation heating up, Kaden, sitting between them, quickly intervened with a smile to mediate.
He added, “Today’s tournament is meant for the younger generation. As guild leaders, it wouldn’t be right for us to steal their spotlight. Let’s take a moment to think this through and avoid any rash decisions.”
“You’re right,” Alloy nodded. “Let’s put our old rivalries aside for today. If Mr. Hadley is eager for a challenge, let our disciples settle it.”
“Fine,” Cyrus said coldly. “But if we’re going to compete, let’s raise the stakes.
“Oh? What did you have in mind?” Alloy raised an eyebrow.
“It’s simple,” Cyrus said. “If we win, all the swords in your armory will become ours.”
“Deal,” Alloy replied with a smirk. “But if we win, you’ll need to hand over the Phantom Sword Technique.”
The Phantom Sword Technique was the Sword Union’s most guarded secret, known only to a select few top disciples. It was the foundation of their guild.
If the Celestial Alliance could acquire it, they could use their vast resources to train a new generation of elite swordmasters.
“Hmph! You’ve got some nerve trying to lay claim to our Phantom Sword Technique!” Cyrus’s eyes narrowed.
“What’s wrong? Scared you’ll lose, Mr. Hadley?” Alloy grinned.
He continued, “If you’re too chicken to place a bet, just admit it. We wouldn’t want anyone thinking the Celestial Alliance is just throwing its weight around.”
“Don’t try to provoke me,” Cyrus retorted coldly. “I’m willing to make a deal, but I won’t agree to anything that puts me at a disadvantage. If you want my Phantom Sword Technique, you’ll need to trade it for your Four Elements of God’s Technique.”
He knew Alloy was trying to goad him, but he didn’t care. He was confident he would win. After all, his top disciple, Glenn, was even better than he had been in his prime.
At such a young age, Glenn had already achieved the rank of ultimate grandmaster. Cyrus figured dealing with someone like Fenley was child’s play for Glenn.
“Deal!” Alloy said firmly.
He felt that trading a few prized swords and the Four Elements of God’s Technique for the Phantom Sword Technique was a bargain too good to pass up.
“Okay, it’s settled then!” Cyrus glanced at Glenn, who merely nodded without speaking.
Though Glenn found the bet trivial, he was willing to participate if it brought glory to the Sword Union. It was a convenient opportunity to dampen the Celestial Alliance’s pride.
As these two major guilds competed secretly, a commotion arose from the southwest direction.
The crowd turned to see a group of mysterious figures in white robes and masks. They walked slowly while carrying a black sedan chair.
These robed and masked figures exuded an imposing presence. Each one was a Grandmaster, walking as if gliding above the ground.
“It’s the leader of the Mystic Arts Order! Everyone, clear the way!”
The sight of the sedan chair marked with the Mystic Arts Order’s emblem sent a wave of terror through the crowd. People scrambled to clear the area and avoided it like a plague.
Among the three major guilds, the Celestial Alliance wielded the most influence, the Sword Union boasted the greatest combat prowess, and the Mystic Arts Order was the most mysterious and feared.
The Mystic Arts Order was notorious for its ambiguous nature and often straddled the line between good and evil.
While it might be acceptable to ally with them, offending them could mean death-or worse, the complete annihilation of one’s entire family. Some were subjected to endless torment by poisonous insects, and their suffering was so extreme that it was worse than death.
The Mystic Arts Order’s fearsome reputation for cruelty had instilled a deep, abiding terror. So, when their leader appeared, the entire area fell into an uneasy silence.
The once-crowded path had become deserted. Everyone scattered in every direction, desperate to avoid crossing paths with them. They knew the Mystic Arts Order’s methods were cloaked in mystery and dread.
Their reputation for killing without a trace was infamous. The thought of falling victim to their poisons was enough to make anyone wary.
“It’s surprising to see the old witch, who’s been in seclusion for years, make an appearance,” Cyrus said, narrowing his eyes.
“Mr. Hadley, I’d advise you to lower your voice,” Alloy said with a sly smile. “If Madam Penelope hears you calling her an old witch, you might find yourself in serious trouble.”
Though his tone sounded like a friendly warning, he deliberately raised his voice as if he wanted Penelope to hear every word.
###Chapter 2300 by Marina Vittori
“Hmph! Stop adding fuel to the fire!” Cyrus glared at Alloy. “The Celestial Alliance has had its fair share of run- ins with the Mystic Arts Order over the years. If we’re talking enemies, your guild is the real thorn in their side.”
“It’s nothing but minor skirmishes. I’m sure Madam Penelope sees the bigger picture and isn’t bothered by it,” Alloy said with a subtle grin.
Cyrus might outmatch Alloy in brute strength, but when it came to quick- witted retorts, Alloy was the clear victor.
“Mr. Hadley, Mr. Marshall, you two seem to be in high spirits.”
The black sedan came to a stop in front of them. An elderly woman with silver hair and a slightly hunched back emerged slowly while leaning on a serpent-headed cane.
This was Penelope Solace, the leader of the Mystic Arts Order. She had risen to fame long before Alloy and Cyrus, earning her place as a revered senior figure.
Despite her years of seclusion and rare public appearances, her reputation was as fearsome and commanding as Alloy and Cyrus’. Her name evoked both awe and trepidation.
“Madam Penelope.” As the host, Kaden stood first and gave a respectful nod to her.
“It seems the Ancient Sage has passed the mantle to you. Good,” she acknowledged with a neutral expression.
“Madam Penelope, it’s been a while. How have you been?” Alloy stood, nodded in greeting, and smiled warmly.
“Thank you for your concern, Mr. Marshall. I’m still in good health and plan to stick around for a few more years,” she replied calmly.
“That’s great,” Alloy said with a smile.
Penelope glanced at Cyrus, who remained impassive and made no move to greet her.
“Madam Penelope, please take a seat.” Kaden gestured politely while guiding her to the viewing seats.
With that, the leaders of the three major guilds were now assembled.
“Grandma!” Upon seeing Penelope, Abigail, who had been busy, immediately went to greet her.
Her betting ring was operating quietly in the corner. She kept a low profile because she was competing in the matches.
She didn’t want to attract too much attention since so many high-profile figures were in attendance. After all, being too conspicuous could lead to losses she couldn’t afford.
“Abigail, I heard you’ve been quite busy at Sacred Wrym Summit lately. You must have raked in quite a bit of money, right?” Penelope cracked a rare smile.
“Not much. It’s just a bit,” Abigail replied with a grin.
“Making money is great, but don’t let that distract you from today’s matches. We need to make sure the Mystic Arts Order shines,” Penelope said, still smiling.
“Don’t worry. I’ve trained hard, and I’m confident I’ll be in the top three,” Abigail said.
As long as she didn’t face Dustin in the early rounds, she knew the other minor challengers were no match for her.
“Great. I’ll be looking forward to it.” Penelope nodded with a smile.
Abigail had awakened the Phoenix bloodline and was now a rare Dark Phoenix. Combined with the Mystic Arts Order’s legacy, her combat strength was far superior to her peers.
So, Penelope expected Abigail to secure a top-three finish and had high hopes for her to win first place.
“Sage Foyer, now that everyone’s here, let’s not waste any more time. The sooner we get this over with, the sooner we can wrap up,” Cyrus said abruptly.
“Since everyone’s pumped up, let’s start the match,” Kaden said with a smile. After seeing Alloy and Penelope nod in agreement, he signaled to Oron.
Oron understood the cue and walked to the center of the battle ring. “Today, 32 contestants will compete for a spot in the top 8. To keep things fair, we’ll draw lots right here. All contestants, please come up to the battle ring!”
As soon as he finished, the crowd erupted in raucous applause.
Amidst the roaring cheers, the top elites from various guilds took the stage. Most of the 32 finalists were grandmasters, with a few still halfway to becoming grandmasters. Each had been through intense screening and possessed extraordinary talent.
Simply put, any of these contestants would be a prized asset in any guild.
“Grandma, I’ll go up first,” Abigail said before leaping into the air. She soared gracefully over a hundred feet and landed lightly in the center of the battle ring.
The spectators erupted in applause at her graceful entrance.
She was stunning, but with her flowing white hair, she seemed almost otherworldly. Her appearance captivated many. If not for her identity as the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order, she would have likely driven countless admirers crazy.
“Glenn, you’re up.” Cyrus glanced at him.
Glenn, who had been meditating, nodded. In an instant, he launched himself a hundred feet into the air. Then, he landed in the battle ring with a thunderous impact, kicking up a huge cloud of dust.
The shockwave from his landing sent spectators struggling to keep their balance. The sheer force of his entrance was so overwhelming that the crowd scattered in fear. They were too stunned to voice their outrage.
“What a show-off!” Fenley sneered.
He shook his body, and a towering, thirty-foot-tall god-like figure appeared behind him. The figure was a blazing red, surrounded by a fiery, intense presence that radiated heat and fury.
The breathtaking sight instantly captured the attention of every spectator.
Fenley strode toward the ring with the Fire God figure looming behind him. His entrance was far more impressive than Glenn’s.
###Chapter 2301 by Marina Vittori
“Whoa! He’s even busting out the Four Elements of God’s Technique? Does he really need to show off?”
“Fenley sure knows how to make an entrance. He’s showing off in style.”
“If I had his skills, I’d be more flashy than him.”
Fenley made a grand entrance, and the crowd couldn’t stop talking and whispering.
The Four Elements of God’s Technique was a secret art of the Celestial Alliance, learned only by the guildmasters’ successors. So, it was surprising when Fenley used it before the match began.
“Mr. Marshall, your disciple lives up to his name,” Cyrus remarked coldly.
“Ha! Young people should be bursting with energy. If he’s got the skills, why hold back?” Alloy replied indifferently.
“I just hope you don’t let your excitement get the better of you,” Cyrus warned. “Sometimes, too much joy can lead to a downfall.”
“You don’t need to worry about it, Mr. Hadley,” Alloy said with a faint smile.
Regardless of the match outcome, Fenley’s entrance had already outshined the Sword Union.
The top talents from the three major guilds-Mystic Arts Order, Sword Union, and Celestial Alliance-each made their grand entrance.
The top experts from other major guilds weren’t about to be outdone. They showcased their skills with impressive flair and style.
A genius from the Beast Master guild arrived riding a mystical crane, while a disciple from the Esoteric Sword guild flew in on a magical sword. Another ,elite used earth-shifting techniques to burst out of the battle ring’s floor.
Overall, the range of spectacular and unique entrances was breathtaking.
For many participants, this Combat Tournament was about fame and fortune. Many young talents saw it as their chance to make a name for themselves.
With so many high-profile figures present, a striking entrance could boost their reputation significantly. Even if they didn’t win, making a memorable impression would cement their status and elevate their guild’s prestige.
This tournament was a prime opportunity for them to shine, and they were eager to make the most of it.
“Dr. Rhys, you’re one of the top 32 contestants. Everyone’s flaunting their unique styles and making a name for themselves. You don’t want to be left behind, right?” Alicia teased with a grin.
“Yeah, Dr. Rhys. This is a great chance to boost your fame. Show us some impressive moves,” Aurora said expectantly.
Dustin was renowned for his dual mastery of medicine and martial arts. Alicia had witnessed his medical expertise firsthand but hadn’t seen his martial prowess.
“Well then, how about I show you my skill?” He smiled faintly.
As the Marshall sisters watched with anticipation, Dustin lightly tapped his foot and soared into the air. He flew across the arena and landed on the battle ring.
In most competitions, such effortless flight would be impressive. But with today’s arena packed with top contenders, each flaunting their unique skills, Dustin’s smooth but simple entrance felt pretty ordinary. It was almost too routine to catch anyone’s attention.
“Is that it?” Aurora pursed her lips in disappointment. She had expected something truly spectacular from him, but this was underwhelming.
“He has always been modest, so that makes sense.” Alicia smiled awkwardly. It seemed her expectations had been too high.
“Get out of my way!”
Suddenly, a booming voice cracked through the air like thunder.
A colossal black shadow streaked in from the distance, moving at blistering speed. The ground erupted beneath it, sending dust swirling and debris flying. Spectators who couldn’t react in time were sent flying.
The shadow barreled through everything, smashing its way to the battle ring and leaving a trail of wreckage. Many spectators grumbled and cursed.
As the dust finally settled, the spectators got their first clear view of the newcomer. The figure was a towering, muscular man with tanned skin, standing well over six feet tall. He wore a black tank top, and his formidable build radiated an intimidating presence.
The surrounding martial artists looked like dwarfs beside him. The newcomer was George Burroughs.
“What’s going on? A foreigner in this Combat Tournament?”
“From the looks of it, he’s not here to play nice!”
“Hmph! He’s just a brute. Let’s see how Dragonmarsh martial artists deal with him!”
George’s entrance sent the crowd into a frenzy of murmurs. They were shocked to see a foreigner in the tournament, especially among the top 32 contestants, which was a first for them.
“Hmph!” Standing in the battle ring, George scanned the martial artists with disdain.
His eyes narrowed, and a grim smile appeared when he spotted Fenley. Without a word, he raised his hand and made a throat-slashing gesture in Fenley’s direction.
Fenley glanced at him and then ignored him. He felt that this brash newcomer wasn’t worth his attention. After all, his target was Glenn.
###Chapter 2302 by Marina Vittori
After George’s entrance, a chilling, eerie laughter echoed through the arena. At the same time, a swirling cloud of scarlet mist rushed in from the distance.
The mist was about ten feet in radius. It radiated a dark, sinister energy, and its shape constantly shifted. One moment, it morphed into a massive skull, then twisted into a devil with bared fangs and claws.
The sight of this unnerving mist made the spectators gasp in alarm. They quickly scattered to clear the path.
The mist’s terrifying appearance signaled evil intent, and they knew that coming into contact with it could be deadly.
The scarlet mist swirled over the battle ring. It deliberately circled the contestants’ heads three times before crashing down with a thunderous bang.
A striking Streuquan man in a sharp suit emerged as the mist dissipated. His bold features, devious grin, and undeniable charm made him impossible to ignore. The man was Bill Wolfe.
“I can’t believe that narcissistic jerk actually showed up,” Aurora muttered with a scowl, her eyes flashing with disdain. “I hope Fenley teaches him a lesson.”
“With so many skilled fighters from Dragonmarsh, Fenley might not even need to step in,” Alicia said.
After last night’s fight, she realized Bill was no match for Fenley. Instead, George seemed more dangerous and was worth watching out for.
“Listen up, Dragonmarsh martial artists!” Bill turned to face the contestants.
He said arrogantly, “I’m an aristocrat with pure blood from Esmington. My goal is to win the Combat Tournament championship. If you don’t want to die, you’d better surrender now. Otherwise, I’ll make you experience terror and despair!”
The spectators were seething with anger from his words and began to shout insults.
“Dammit! This kid’s got some nerve, publicly challenging us like that. Does he have a death wish?”
“To hell with him! If it weren’t for the risk of disrupting the event, I’d kill him right now!”
“Count me in!”
His flashy entrance might have been acceptable if it was just for attention. But now, before the match had even begun, Bill was brazenly belittling Dragonmarsh martial artists. Even the spectators could no longer tolerate his disrespect.
“Ha! Does this cocky Streuquan bat think he can run wild here? He’s got a death wish!” a hulking figure on the battle ring suddenly shouted. He was wearing a hat with a long blade strapped behind his back.
His imposing figure and piercing eyes commanded respect, even without displaying any anger. He had a commanding presence that made him stand out as extraordinary.
“Who are you?” Bill snarled.
“I’m Jermaine Walsen, the chief senior disciple of the Soultech Union,” the man with the hat replied coldly.
The Soultech Union was a prestigious guild in the martial world. Although they had only a few disciples, each was an elite martial artist.
Jermaine was halfway to becoming a grandmaster but already had the strength to rival one. He was among the 12 standout participants who had fought through thousands of Group B contestants.
“Jermaine, huh? Fine! I’ll deal with you first!” Bill immediately blurred into a mysterious red blood shadow and appeared behind Jermaine. He bared his fangs and lunged, aiming to sink his teeth into Jermaine’s neck.
“You’ve got a death wish!” Jermaine’s eyes turned cold. The long blade on his back suddenly shot out of its sheath, its icy gleam slashing toward Bill’s head.
Bill tucked his chin in. His razor-sharp fangs clamped onto Jermaine’s blade with a sharp clang. 
“Hmm?” Jermaine yanked at his blade, but it wouldn’t budge. He was taken aback by the sheer power of Bill’s bite.
Bill’s sinister laughter echoed as he clamped down on the blade. At the same time, his fingernails shot out like razor-sharp blades. He stabbed viciously toward Jermaine’s chest and abdomen.
Jermaine scowled. With his blade stuck, he had to retreat. Just as he took a few steps back, Bill’s figure vanished as if he had never been there.
“Look out behind you!” A warning shout echoed from the crowd.
Jermaine spun instinctively, his eyes widening as a massive, gaping mouth bore down on him. There was no escape.
Just as he braced for the deadly bite, a loud crash rocked the arena. Bill was thrown through the air like a ragdoll. He landed heavily more than 30 feet away from the ring.
His hair was scorched, his clothes ripped to shreds, and he writhed uncontrollably as though struck by a powerful electric shock. He lay there, completely immobilized.
“The match hasn’t even started yet. Personal fights between contestants are not allowed. This is just a warning. Any further violations will result in disqualification.”
On the battle ring, Oron stood impassive, and his expression was unreadable. A faint crackle of lightning flickered between his fingers.
The events had unfolded so quickly that most of the crowd was confused, with only a few witnessing it.
Just as Bill’s massive jaws were about to bite Jermaine, Oron unleashed Stormcraft, which sent Bill flying through the air. This technique, known as the Five Stormcraft Art, was used to deal with dark creatures.
Bill couldn’t withstand the powerful Stormcraft despite his remarkable recovery abilities.
###Chapter 2303 by Marina Vittori
“Great hit!”
“How dare you cause trouble at Sacred Wyrm Summit? You must have a death wish.”
“If the referee hadn’t held back, that Stormcraft strike would have turned him into dust.”
The spectators cheered with applause as Bill was sent flying.
A foreign contestant one who is relatively unknown here should stay low-key to avoid unnecessary trouble.
But when Bill showed up, he immediately started shouting and challenging everyone. He practically asked to be beaten. Did this puny vampire think no one in Dragonmarsh could take him down?
“Curse you, Dragonmarsh martial artists! How dare you ambush me? How cowardly and disgraceful!”
Bill staggered to his feet and gritted his teeth as he seethed in anger. He had planned to make a strong impression and showcase the vampires’ might. Instead, his plan backfired, and he was humiliated.
He didn’t think it was due to his own weakness; rather, Oron’s sudden attack had caught him off guard. Bill was sure that he wouldn’t lose in a fair fight.
“Hmph! You still dare to shout here? If Master Oron hadn’t held back, you’d already turned into ashes,” Jermaine snapped.
Bill’s teleportation move earlier had caught Jermaine off guard. But now that he was prepared, he knew things would play out differently. 
“Every competition has its rules. If you can’t follow them, I’ll have to ask you to leave,” Oron said coldly.
“Why you-” Bill was about to lash out when a hand landed on his shoulder. He turned to see a smiling man in a clerical robe.
The man was Jeremiah Price, also known as The Dust of Angel.
“Mr. Wolfe, don’t forget our mission. If you get kicked out before the match even begins, you’ll have a lot of explaining to do with Mr. Bailey,” Jeremiah said.
He continued, “If you provoke the experts of Sacred Wrym Summit, I won’t be able to save you. You’ve already seen the power of Stormcraft. It’s a bane to the vampires.”
Bill’s face alternated between anger and fear. He clenched his teeth and suppressed his anger. He might be aggressive, but he wasn’t foolish.
He could take on anyone in a one-on- one brawl, but it would be different if the Dragonmarsh’s martial artists teamed up against him.
After experiencing Oron’s Stormcraft, Bill knew he had a reason to be wary. Even if it didn’t kill him outright, it would paralyze him. For an expert, even a split second of immobilization could be fatal.
“I’m sorry everyone. My friend is new to this place and unfamiliar with the rules. Please forgive him.” Jeremiah stepped forward and lowered his head apologetically to Oron and the others.
“We’ll let it slide this time, but don’t let it happen again,” Oron replied with a neutral expression.
“Understood.” Jeremiah smiled and nodded.
Bill stood behind him and said nothing. But the deadly fire in his eyes was impossible to hide. He resolved to torture whoever he faced in the ring mercilessly. It was the only way to unleash his pent-up fury.
Oron scanned the battle ring and said, Since all the 32 contestants are here, we’ll draw lots to determine the matchups.”
When he confirmed that all the contestants were present, he signaled for a black wooden box to be brought forward. The box was completely sealed except for a small opening at the top.
Oron looked around the ring and announced loudly, “This box contains 32 numbered balls. Each contestant will draw one at random.
“The contestant who draws Number 1 will face the one who draws Number 32. Number 2 will face Number 31, and so on. 
“It’s all about luck. No changes are allowed, and any cheating will result in immediate disqualification. Let’s begin. 
“Let me go first.”
As soon as Oron finished speaking, Jermaine stepped forward. He reached into the black box and began rummaging through the balls inside.
A few seconds later, he pulled out a transparent glass ball. Embedded in the center was a white metal disc with a “3 “etched into it.
“Looks like I’m in luck. I’m fighting in the third match,” Jermaine said, raising the glass ball so everyone could see the number.
After all, competing earlier in the round could give some contestants a crucial edge. Today’s event was a 32-to -8 showdown. The first round determined the top 16, and the second round narrowed it down to the top eight. In other words, they needed to win two rounds to get noticed.
If their match were scheduled in the early round, they would have a long recovery break before their next fight. Conversely, if their initial game started late, they might not get any rest before jumping straight into the second match.
Their physical condition often determined the outcome for martial artists at the same level. A well-rested contestant generally had a better chance of winning against a tired opponent. Thus, the draw’s order and results could significantly impact the match results.
###Chapter 2304 by Marina Vittori
“Next.” Oron’s voice rang out, signaling the continuation of the drawing after Jermaine finished his turn.
“I’ll go.”
At that moment, George stomped forward and aggressively shoved a martial artist away as he reached into the black box.
The martial artist who had been shoved frowned and looked up at George’s burly bear-like frame. Despite the intimidation, he suppressed his anger.
Although a martial artist’s strength couldn’t be judged by their size, George’s imposing presence was undeniable.
After rummaging inside the box for a few seconds, George pulled out a glass ball. But before anyone could see the number inside, he crushed it with his powerful grip.
The ball shattered with a sharp crack, and fragments scattered across the floor.
He looked at the fragments in his hand and burst into laughter. His eyes glinted with malice as he turned to Jermaine.
He said sinisterly, “Jermaine, huh? Unlucky bastard, you’ll have one hell of a day. Look at this.” He showed him the metal disc, which displayed “30.”
Jermaine’s number was 3, and George’s was 30. According to the pairing rules, they were set to face off in the third match.
“Hmph! We’ll see who’s the unlucky one,” Jermaine replied coldly. “I’ve killed countless brutes like you. All brawn and no brains. You’re nothing but a walking pile of trash.”
Being tall and bulky had proven useless against his blade. No matter how big or strong, it made no difference. Those brutes, who sacrificed speed and agility for sheer power, were no threat to him.
“A walking pile of trash?” Instead of getting angry, George laughed heartily, though his eyes were filled with deadly intent. “We’ll see if you’re still laughing after I turn you into a meat pie.”
“Stop yapping! Let’s settle this in the battle ring.” Jermaine scoffed and walked away from the ring.
George grinned sinisterly, like a predator sizing up its prey.
“Next,” Oron said.
As long as no rules were broken and no trouble was caused, he didn’t care if someone used a few harsh words, shouted insults, or spat at each other.
Soon, one contestant after another stepped up to draw their numbers. Some made a show of it, while others kept their draws discreet.
A few proudly flaunted their numbers, while others hid them. They were wary of giving away any tactical advantages. After all, knowing an opponent’s details in advance could provide a strategic advantage or be used against them.
Smart contestants kept their numbers hidden after the draw. Only those confident in their skills and untroubled by any tricks would reveal them.
For example, Glenn and Fenley, who ranked among the top on the Heavenly Immortals list, were almost certain to reach the top eight as long as they didn’t face each other too early.
Dustin drew the number “8”, and he would fight in the eighth match. It was in the middle of the lineup-neither advantageous nor disadvantageous- but he wasn’t concerned about that.
According to the pairing rules, his opponent would be number 25. If his memory served him right, that was Bill.
Dustin’s gaze drifted toward Bill, who was casually toying with a glass ball. The ball had a metal disc in the center with the number “25” engraved on it.
“Interesting.” Dustin smirked. Despite having fought many battles, he had never faced a vampire before.
He figured that Bill, with his aristocratic lineage, was likely to be formidable. It would be an excellent chance to test his skills against a vampire elite and understand their abilities. This way, he would be prepared for future encounters with powerful vampires.
“Hmm?” Bill seemed to sense something. He looked up and locked eyes with Dustin.
“Kid, don’t tell me you’re my opponent?” His eyes narrowed as he sized up Dustin from a distance.
He sneered and added, “Let me just say you’re as good as dead. And don’t think I’ll make it easy for you. I plan to enjoy every moment of your suffering.”
“Idiot,” Dustin responded coolly before heading back to his seat. He hated dealing with people who ran their mouths before the fight started.
Those who couldn’t gauge their opponents’ strength and only knew how to talk trash were a dime a dozen. It was a miracle that this kind of mindless chatterbox still survived.
“Kid, you better watch out!” Dustin’s dismissive attitude had Bill gritting his teeth in fury.
After getting thrashed by Fenley the night before and then blasted by Oron’s Stormcraft earlier, Bill was seething with rage. His frustration had reached a boiling point.
He was determined to vent all his anger on Dustin. Plus, he wanted every martial artist from Dragonmarsh to witness the true power of the vampires.
“The draw is over. Contestants, please return to your seat.” Once everyone had finished drawing their numbers, Oron spoke again.
He continued, “Now, I’ll explain the rules. This tournament is for martial arts sparring and skill exchange. Combat is ruthless. Once you enter the battle ring, your fate is at the mercy of destiny.
“There are no restrictions in today’s matches. Anyone who concedes or falls off the ring will lose.
“I would like to advise everyone that although winning and losing matter, your life is even more precious. If you find yourself overmatched, conceding might be the wisest choice.
“Without further ado, let’s start the first match. Contestant number one and contestant number 32, please step up to the ring.”
###Chapter 2305 by Marina Vittori
The spectators erupted into thunderous applause as soon as Oron finished speaking.
Under the spotlight of a thousand eager eyes, contestant number one rose from his seat and walked to the battle ring. He was a monk clad in gray robes.
The towering figure, who had a muscular build, was in his 30s. He gripped an iron staff, and his smooth, bald head gleamed brilliantly in the sunlight.
The spectators quickly recognized him. “I can’t believe the first contestant is Venerable Truce from Aureate Monastery. This is going to be a great match.”
Contestant number one was a revered monk from Aureate Monastery called Truce Heart. He was known by the moniker “Venerable Banisher”.
Despite his young age, his cultivation was beyond measure, especially his Ironfist Technique, which he had mastered to perfection.
He was said to be impervious to blades, bullets, fire, and water. Any attack launched against him barely left a mark.
But Truce wasn’t just renowned for his incredible defense. His Banisher Technique was equally deadly, and he had defeated countless experts with it. With his prowess, it was no exaggeration to say he could challenge opponents far beyond his level.
“I wonder who will be his opponent.”
Amid the curious gazes of the spectators, contestant number 32 slowly walked up to the battle ring.
The man had a Strequan face, wore a clerical robe, and a cross hung on his chest. His expression was kind, and he had a gentle smile. He was Jeremiah Price, also known as “The Dust of Angel
“Hey! A kind-looking priest?”
“No way! A Strequan priest competing in the battle ring?”
“Hmph! This priest is clearly in cahoots with that stinking bat. He may look harmless, but he’s hiding sinister intentions. Don’t let his appearance fool you.”
“Whether human or not, he doesn’t stand a chance against Venerable Truce’s Banisher staff. One strike, and he’ll become ashes.”
“Let’s just say this priest is unlucky to face off against Venerable Truce. If he doesn’t concede, he’s likely to be beaten to a pulp.”
“A foreigner who dares to challenge us in Dragonmarsh deserves whatever comes his way.”
When Jeremiah entered the ring, the spectators immediately started whispering and pointing. Their murmurs rippled through the crowd.
Many spectators had a strong sense of local pride, especially in a major event. They were united in their support for Truce.
At the Dragonmarsh-hosted event, they were determined not to let outsiders steal the spotlight. Otherwise, it would be nothing short of a disgrace in their eyes.
“I don’t wish to harm anyone, so why not surrender?” Truce eyed the slender Jeremiah and shook his head in disappointment.
He was representing the Aureate Monastery to make a name for himself. His sights were set on the top talents from the major guilds.
As for the unfamiliar priest before him, Truce had neither seen nor heard of him before. Winning against him wouldn’t hold much significance. He figured Jeremiah was just here to experience the excitement and learn something new.
“Sir, you shouldn’t judge a book by its cover. How can you predict the outcome before the match begins?” Jeremiah said with a smile. His calm words masked a shrewd, strategic mind.
“I’m only saying this for your own good. Once we start, I won’t hold back, “Truce said calmly.
“Please, show me what you’ve got. I came here to witness the prowess of Dragonmarsh martial artists. I hope you won’t disappoint me,” Jeremiah said flatly.
“Fine. Since you insist, don’t blame me for what happens next.” Truce’s eyes turned icy as he raised his staff.
“The contestants are ready. Let the match begin!” Oron declared before floating down from the battle ring.
“After you,” Truce said, adopting his stance.
“Go ahead.” Jeremiah smiled faintly and didn’t make the first move.
The two locked eyes, and the tension between them thickened.
“Venerable Truce! Don’t hold back, just start the fight!”
“Anyone who dares to stir trouble in Dragonmarsh deserves a lesson they won’t forget!”
The spectators started to cheer. Some of them couldn’t wait to see Jeremiah get beaten.
“Watch out! I’m going to attack!”
Truce let out a low shout.
With a sudden burst of speed, he leaped forward like a tiger, crossing twenty yards instantly to reach Jeremiah.
Then, he thrust his staff at Jeremiah’s chest and abdomen.
Though the strik? appeared ordinary, it was packed with powerful, grandmaster -level internal energy, enough to shatter mountains and split rocks.
However, Jeremiah didn’t dodge. Instead, he calmly raised his hand and effortlessly caught the staff. The staff’s internal energy instantly dissipated, as if it was swallowed by an unseen force.
“Hmm?” Truce frowned in surprise. Although he hadn’t used all his strength, his strike was still beyond what any ordinary martial artist could withstand.
The strangest part was how his internal energy seemed to vanish into thin air upon contact with Jeremiah, like a stone sinking into the sea without a ripple. This was not normal.
Without time to ponder, Truce quickly withdrew his staff, spun around, and swung it aggressively toward Jeremiah’s waist. This strike was brimming with internal energy and powerful enough to sweep through an army.
###Chapter 2306 by Marina Vittori
While facing Truce’s powerful strike, Jeremiah remained calm. He didn’t even flinch and raised his arm to block the blow.
The shadowsteel staff crashed down with a resounding impact on his arm. Instead of the expected scene of broken bones and a flying body, the staff only made his sleeve flutter. He didn’t suffer any injuries.
Jeremiah stood still with a smile on his face.
“Huh?” Truce’s eyes widened in shock. If the earlier thrust had been jus? a test, this sweeping blow was delivered with full force.
He would have understood if Jeremiah had used grandmaster-level internal energy. But Truce didn’t feel any energy fluctuation from him. In other words, Jeremiah had relied purely on his physical strength to withstand the blow.
Could this seemingly frail priest be a grandmaster of body refinement? If so, a tough battle lay ahead. After all, Truce was also a grandmaster of body refinement.
“I didn’t expect that skinny priest to catch Venerable Truce’s staff barehanded. He’s got some skill.”
“But what’s the point of having great defense? He’s just a punching bag. Besides, when it comes to raw physical strength, how can any foreigner. compare to Venerable Truce, who has that legendary Adamantine Body Art?”
“Exactly. Venerable Truce was just warming up. If he went all out, he could kill that foreigner in no time.”
The brief clash on the battle ring sparked a flurry of discussions among the spectators. They knew Truce’s strength well. After all, he had a profound cultivation and immense physical power.
Jeremiah’s ability to withstand two hits unscathed proved his formidable skill. Still, it wasn’t enough to change the inevitable outcome.
“Your strength is decent, but you’re nowhere near enough to defeat me,” Jeremiah said with a smile.
He continued, “I’ll give you three minutes to show me what you’ve got. Use all your skills if you’ve got any because you won’t get another chance once the time is up.”
His calm tone was laced with arrogant disdain, as if victory was already in his grasp.
“Hmph! I don’t need three minutes to beat you. Thirty seconds will suffice!”
Truce scoffed, his expression turning serious.
He knew Jeremiah was no pushover. To defeat him, Truce would need to bring his A-game.
“Today, you’ll witness the Banisher Technique of Aureate Monastery!” he declared and leaped into the air. With both hands gripping his staff, he aimed a heavy blow at Jeremiah’s head.
Rumbling sounds echoed as the shadowsteel staff flared with a blinding golden light and unleashed a surge of terrifying power.
Jeremiah raised an eyebrow and instinctively sidestepped to avoid the crushing blow.
The shadowsteel staff, surrounded by a golden light, struck the floor with immense force. It carved a deep groove into the battle ring’s surface.
The battle ring, with a diameter of about 330 feet, was made entirely of black gold stone, which was comparable to steel in hardness. Hence, its ability to carve out such a deep groove with a single swing highlighted its immense power.
If that strike had landed on someone, it would have instantly turned them into a bloody mess.
The staff missed its target, but Truce wasted no time. He swung the staff horizontally and aimed straight for Jeremiah’s legs. The golden light enhanced his strike, making it lightning-fast and devastating.
Jeremiah quickly leaped into the air and drifted backward to evade the blow.
“Just what I was waiting for!” Truce’s eyes narrowed with cold resolve as he channeled all his internal energy into the staff. The golden light flared up and transformed into a golden dragon that lunged toward Jeremiah in the air.
This was the Drakon Banisher, one of the ultimate moves of the Banisher Technique. It was a fearsome, unstoppable attack that drove demons and gods alike to retreat. Plus, Truce’s power was magnified many times from its previous forms.
At that critical moment, Jeremiah was trapped in midair after the previous assaults. He couldn’t dodge and could only brace himself for the oncoming blow. The transformed shadowsteel staff crashed into Jeremiah with an earth-shattering impact.
He crashed into the ring with such force that it created a human-shaped crater in the black-gold stone. Dust and debris exploded around him, and the air crackled with energy.
“Excellent hit!”
“Take that, you foreign scum! Let’s see if you can survive this!”
The spectators went wild upon seeing that.
Truce’s ultimate strike was so devastating that even a tank would have been reduced to scrap in an instant. Everyone expected Jeremiah to be flattened into a puddle of flesh.
When everyone thought the match was over, a sudden clattering of falling stones caught their attention.
Then, Jeremiah walked out from the cloud of dust. He looked unscathed except for a bit of dust on his clerical robe.
“This is my favorite outfit, and you’ve ruined it. How are you going to compensate me?” He glanced down at his slightly torn robe. His smile faded into a grim glare. He was furious, and the consequences would be severe.
###Chapter 2307 by Marina Vittori
“What? The guy isn’t dead? How is that even possible?”
“He’s not only alive, but he’s completely unscathed. This is insane!”
“How can this be? Is he wearing some kind of armor?”
“Even if he was, there’s no way he could survive Venerable Truce’s strike without a scratch!”
The spectators stared in disbelief as Jeremiah stood there with a seemingly indifferent expression.
Truce’s previous strike was devastating, unstoppable, and could split mountains and rivers.
Under normal circumstances, given Jeremiah’s build, he should’ve been left crippled even if he survived. But he was completely unscathed. This was a sight that defied everyone’s understanding and logic.
Even Truce was left questioning this reality. The Drakon Banisher, a signature move of the Banisher Technique, was known for its unmatched power. Once unleashed, it was nearly impossible for anyone to block, and it had never failed to deliver its intended result.
Truce was certain his strike had hit Jeremiah, but he couldn’t understand how he had emerged without a scratch or blemish.
What kind of monstrous body did he have? Was Jeremiah some sort of demon in disguise?
“Tell me, how will you make up for the damage to my clothes?” Jeremiah asked again, his voice raised.
“I don’t believe you’re truly invulnerable!”
Truce’s anger flared. With a fierce growl, he swung his staff and charged forward. A radiant golden light surrounded him like a mythical dragon wrapped protectively around him.
“Since you refuse to compensate, you’ll pay with your life.” Jeremiah’s eyes turned icy, his previously gentle demeanor replaced by a fierce, menacing glare.
Dark, evil energy surged from his body and quickly enveloped him. His once- pale skin turned a deep, ominous black as black scales erupted from beneath. It covered his body from the neck down.
His slender human fingers transformed into sharp, deadly claws. Jeremiah had become a fearsome hybrid of man and beast in the blink of an eye.
“Die… human.” Jeremiah’s lips curled into a menacing grin.
In a blink, he vanished from sight and reappeared directly in front of Truce. His razor-sharp claws transformed into deadly blades as they aimed toward Truce’s chest and abdomen.
“Damn, he’s fast.” Truce’s eyes widened in shock. He barely had time to react and instinctively raised his staff to block.
A metallic crash rang out as Jeremiah’s black claws slammed into the shadowsteel staff with explosive force and unleashed a terrifying surge of power.
Truce’s body jolted from the impact, and his feet skidded backward uncontrollably. His hands, still gripping the staff, experienced a brief but debilitating numbness.
The demonic transformation had boosted Jeremiah’s speed and strength. He could turn a casual strike into a lethal threat.
“Hmm?” Truce frowned as he stared at the deep claw marks on his shadowsteel staff. His mind was a storm of thoughts.
His staff was made of shadowsteel, a material far tougher than ordinary steel. He had been with his trusty weapon for over a decade, and nothing had ever left a scratch on it.
But with a casual swipe, Jeremiah had left three claw marks, each nearly an inch deep, on his staff. Jeremiah’s claws were as sharp as the Sacred Armory.
Before Truce could react, Jeremiah lashed out again. His claws sliced through the air with a series of deadly afterimages.
Truce had no time to dodge and had to raise his staff to defend. The impact was deafening. He was thrown back several feet, and his shadowsteel staff cracked under the pressure and snapped loudly.
The spectators gasped in disbelief. A single swipe had broken the legendary shadowsteel staff, and they wondered what kind of monster Jeremiah was.
“Okay. If you’re determined to fight me hand-to-hand. I’ll take you on.” Truce’s anger ignited when he looked at the broken staff in his hands.
He tossed the shattered weapon aside and clenched his fists. Then, his body began to glow with golden light.
At the same time, he began to chant a spell. The golden light that had burst forth now converged around him to form a magnificent golden armor,
The golden armor was covered in a network of intricate scriptures, which flowed around like tadpoles.
“Holy crap! This is the Aureate Monastery’s ultimate technique, the Celestial Aegis.”
“Rumor has it that the Celestial Aegis is impervious to blades and bullets, untouched by fire or water. It is the epitome of absolute defense.”
“I didn’t expect that Venerable Truce had mastered Celestial Aegis to perfection. Nobody below the level of ultimate grandmaster can hurt him now.” 
“Haha! With the Celestial Aegis, Venerable Truce is unbeatable. Let’s see what that half-demon priest can do now!”
The spectators watched in awe and delight as Truce wore the Celestial Aegis.
With his already formidable Adamantine Body Art and the added protection of the Celestial Aegis, even the ultimate grandmasters would struggle to break his defenses.
Truce glared at Jeremiah and shouted, ” Surrender now, beast!” His body radiated golden light, as if he had emerged from the sun, exuding an awe- inspiring presence.
###Chapter 2308 by Marina Vittori
When Jeremiah looked at Truce, he burst into laughter. His eyes burned with a fierce, primal hunger, like a predator spotting the perfect prey.
He didn’t say anything. With a powerful kick, he transformed into a blur and charged toward Truce with a frightening speed.
“Bold fool! You’re sealing your own doom!” When Truce saw Jeremiah’s unyielding defiance, he roared and threw a powerful punch.
With his Celestial Aegis armor protecting him, Truce’s defense was impenetrable. His speed and strength were also enhanced.
This punch might have looked ordinary, but it packed a punch many times stronger than his previous Banisher Technique.
While charging forward with blinding speed, Jeremiah couldn’t evade and crashed straight into Truce’s fist. At the same time, his razor-sharp claws slashed across Truce’s chest.
With a thunderous explosion and the resounding clash of metal, Jeremiah was sent flying seven or eight yards by the devastating Zenith Punch. His chest caved in, and his scales shattered, leaving him looking badly battered.
In contrast, Truce was also knocked back a few steps. The golden light on his body flickered briefly but quickly returned to normal.
“Great hit!”
The spectators erupted in excitement as they watched Jeremiah get blasted away. Applause and cheers filled the venue.
The Celestial Aegis truly lived up to its name as the invincible armor. Even though Jeremiah could cut through shadowsteel with his claws, his strikes had no effect on the golden armor.
Additionally, Truce’s single punch delivered a crushing blow.
“Beast! You’d better stop being stubborn, or I won’t hold back anymore!” Truce warned again.
After the recent clash, any smart fighter would have realized the vast difference between them.
Suddenly, Jeremiah gave a low, sinister laugh as he stood up. His previously caved-in chest began to heal at a visible rate, and within moments, his wounds had fully healed.
“Huh?” Truce frowned with concern.
Jeremiah had formidable defenses, and his recovery ability was downright terrifying.
“Interesting… This is getting more exciting.” Jeremiah smiled. His expression grew increasingly deranged, and his eyes blazed with an intense, feverish fire.
He continued, “You’ve got me fired up now. I can barely hold myself back. Come on, my prey, let me tear you apart.”
Then, he spread his arms wide. With his exposed deadly claws, he charged at Truce with a near-manic fervor. At that moment, Jeremiah resembled a ravenous beast on the hunt, a stark contrast to his earlier composed demeanor.
“Stubborn fool!” Truce snorted.
He turned into a blazing streak of golden light and barreled straight into Jeremiah. If words didn’t work, Truce would use his fists to prove his point.
A thunderous boom erupted as two figures collided, one in black and one in gold. Instantly, they were locked in a fierce hand-to-hand battle. Fists and kicks flew with relentless fury as each fighter refused to give an inch.
The clangs of their combat grew louder and more frequent, like a series of firecrackers going off. Energy waves surged outward as they crashed over one another in a continuous, undulating tide.
On the battle ring, their movements were so swift that each attack seemed to create multiple afterimages. Spectators below struggled to keep up with the action.
They could only catch fleeting glimpses of the black and gold figures as they intertwined and clashed. It was impossible to tell who was gaining the upper hand.
“Whoa, that speed is insane! My eyes can barely keep up!”
“Damn! I didn’t expect that priest to hold up so well. Even with Venerable Truce’s relentless attacks, he’s still going strong.”
“Even though we can’t see their moves, the Celestial Aegis makes Venerable Truce nearly invincible. The only thing left to determine is how long it will take for him to win.”
“Exactly! Even if that priest is tough, he has to have his limit. With Venerable Truce’s strength and abilities, victory is inevitable.”
As the two flickering figures in the battle ring moved with dazzling speed, the spectators erupted into a cacophony of voices. Some were filled with doubt and concern, but the majority trusted Truce.
In their eyes, the Celestial Aegis was an impenetrable shield that only an ultimate grandmaster could breach. Hence, they couldn’t imagine Truce losing.
Another explosive crash echoed through the battle ring.
Truce, covered in golden light, punched Jeremiah, and the impact sent him reeling back several yards. The sheer force of the blow dislocated Jeremiah’s shoulder.
The next second, Jeremiah gave his shoulder a quick shake, and it miraculously slotted back in place. As if nothing had happened, he grinned maniacally and charged back in. He fought with an all-or-nothing approach. 
“How the hell is this guy still standing? “Truce scowled.
He had inflicted over 100 brutal blows on Jeremiah. But no matter how severe the injuries, Jeremiah recovered quickly. His vitality was alarmingly indomitable.
Up to this point, Truce hadn’t gained the upper hand. Even though the Celestial Aegis shielded him from harm, things were bound to get worse if this continued. His stamina and internal energy were starting to deplete.
###Chapter 2309 by Marina Vittori
When Jeremiahi charged at him again, Truce didn’t have a moment to think and instinctively raised his fist to strike. Soon, a fierce fight broke out between the two sides again.
Both were experts in close combat, and their fight was a relentless clash of raw power. There was no dodging or blocking, just pure, unfiltered brutality.
Each punch and kick landed with a resounding crack. It was a relentless contest of power where neither expert would give an inch.
Truce, protected by the Celestial Aegis, had a clear advantage in strength and defense. Each of his powerful strikes forced Jeremiah to retreat.
In contrast, Jeremiah’s attacks were ineffective against the Celestial Aegis.
Truce couldn’t seal the win despite his apparent advantage because of Jeremiah’s strong defense. Plus, his recovery rate was shockingly fast.
No matter how severe his injuries- whether his chest caved in or his face was battered beyond recognition Jeremiah could recover almost instantly.
As a result, the two fighters were locked in a stalemate.
“The priest turned out to be tough as nails. Despite taking multiple heavy hits, he still looked fine. If they keep going, how long will this fight drag on? “Aurora narrowed his eyes and watched them intently.
Last night, she didn’t think Jeremiah was a threat, but today, she saw how tenacious he was. With Truce’s skills, he should have been a strong contender for the top eight. Yet, after fighting for so long, he couldn’t overcome Jeremiah.
“Looking at their condition, it’s hard to say who would win unless one runs out of energy.” Alicia shook her head.
Though Truce seemed to dominate the fight, Jeremiah’s recovery rate was shockingly fast. Unless it was a one-hit knockout, any attack on Jeremiah was a waste of effort.
Unfortunately, Truce couldn’t end the fight in one move, so if it dragged on, the outcome was anyone’s guess.
“While the Celestial Aegis is unmatched in defense, it comes with a significant drawback,” Grace commented.
She continued, “It consumes an immense amount of energy, so it is unsustainable for prolonged fights. If Venerable Truce can’t find a way to break through, the situation will look pretty bleak.”
Truce’s iron-fisted strikes would have instantly defeated an ordinary martial artist. But Jeremiah’s physique was far beyond that of an average human. He was more like a genetically enhanced monster, so ordinary tactics couldn’t take him down.
“If Venerable Truce can’t win within the next half-hour, it’s game over,” Fenley said regretfully. He was rooting for Truce to bring glory to Dragonmarsh and defeat Jeremiah.
As the fight dragged on, Truce exhausted every trick in his arsenal and still couldn’t secure a victory. With his energy waning, it was only a matter of time before his Celestial Aegis broke down. 
In contrast, Jeremiah seemed to be growing stronger with every exchange and showed no signs of fatigue. The shift in momentum was worrying, and Truce’s situation looked increasingly grim.
The battle ring erupted with another thunderous crash.
Truce delivered a powerful punch and sent Jeremiah flying back three yards. But as he regained his stance, Truce began to breathe heavily. The Celestial Aegis on his body flickered as if struggling to keep up with the energy drain.
“Hehe… Bring it on!” Jeremiah glanced at his rapidly healing wound and sneered. Without hesitation, he raised his claws and lunged forward again.
His persistence had driven Truce to the boiling point of anger. “Beast! Do you really think I can’t do anything to you?
Today, I will let you see what supreme divine power is!”
Seeing his strength waning and realizing the gravity of the situation, Truce knew it was time to unleash his full power. Then, he brought his hands together, and a radiant golden light erupted from his body. The immense force sent Jeremiah hurtling backward.
Simultaneously, a ten-foot-tall Golden Sentinel appeared out of thin air behind Truce. This towering figure exuded a commanding presence and majesty without showing anger. It loomed like a golden mountain and sent shivers down the spine of anyone who beheld it.
“Vengeful Gaze!” Truce’s eyes snapped open. With fierce determination, he raised his hand and brought it down tremendously toward Jeremiah.
The Golden Sentinel behind him mirrored the action. It lifted its colossal hand and crashed down with equal power. Though the move seemed slow, its speed was astonishing.
Before Jeremiah could react, the colossal golden hand had already slammed into him.
A loud crash echoed through the venue.
Blinding golden light exploded outward, and a thick cloud of dust billowed up. Waves of ferocious wind surged from the point where the golden palm struck, sweeping across the ring with a terrifying force.
After the earth-shaking strike, the solid battle ring was cratered, and a bottomless pit was left where the blow landed.
Truce was drenched in sweat and panting heavily. His Celestial Aegis disappeared, leaving him on the brink of collapse, and he could barely stay on his feet.
He had been reluctant to use this ultimate move because he knew the toll it would take on him. The move drained so much energy. It would heavily impact his performance in the following matches, even if he won.
But for now, Truce couldn’t afford to worry about the future. His goal was to win this match.
###Chapter 2310 by Marina Vittori
“Haha… He won. Venerable Truce won!”
“At least he took that guy down. Venerable Truce is awesome!”
“Though he lost, he should feel honored for holding out against Venerable Truce for that long.”
The entire arena cheered as the spectators watched Jeremiah get slammed into the battle ring by Truce’s Vengeful Gaze. Dragonmarsh spectators jumped to their feet to give Truce a thunderous applause.
The first fight of the day was nothing short of electrifying. Both sides went all out as they traded blow for blow in a showdown that left the spectators on the edge of their seats. Their excitement reached a fever pitch.
This was what a martial artist’s duel should look like.
“Phew… Is it over?” Truce wiped the sweat from his brow and began to relax. The killing move had drained him, but it was worth it since he had defeated Jeremiah.
But just as the crowd’s cheers filled the air, the rubble in the center of the battle ring began to tremble. Small chunks of stones at the top slowly slid down and created a faint clatter.
“Hmm?” Truce frowned as a wave of unease washed over him.
In the next second, the pile of rubble exploded. A cloud of stone dust filled the air, and it rained down like a shower of ash.
Jeremiah, covered in black scales with eyes glowing red, emerged from the thick cloud of dust.
His low, sinister laugh echoed through the venue. His eyes, once human, had transformed into slitted, beast-like pupils-crimson and filled with savage fury. He looked like a demon incarnate.
With each step he took, the damaged scales and wounds on his body healed at an astonishing rate. By the time he emerged from the crater, he was fully healed. At that instant, his presence was even more ferocious than before.
“You… You’re still alive?” Truce’s eyes widened in disbelief.
He had just poured every ounce of his energy into that strike. It was his ultimate move that no one below an ultimate grandmaster could withstand. Yet, Jeremiah was still standing, unscathed.
The spectators were stunned into silence, The cheers and applause abruptly stopped as everyone stared in disbelief.
They had witnessed Truce’s final strike -a blow as unstoppable as a mountain’s descent. Even the battle ring made from Abyssal stone had been blasted into a deep crater.
A direct hit like that should have turned Jeremiah into a bloody smear. But he was unscathed. Just how terrifying was his defense?
“You’ve forced me to use my second form. Impressive. But unfortunately, it’s still not enough.” Jeremiah sneered and bared his razor-sharp teeth.
He continued, “You’ve had your chance. Now, it’s my turn.”
Before the words had even left his lips, he vanished into a blur. He moved so fast that even an ordinary martial artist could barely track him. 
“Watch your back!! someone yelled from the crowd.
Truce’s eyes widened in alarm. He instinctively turned and threw a punch. But midway through, a deadly claw pierced through his chest.
The claw punctured through his back and emerged from his chest, with blood trickling down the claw’s tip. What began as a few drops quickly became a steady stream.
“Ugh…” Truce’s body trembled as he went rigid with shock.
His eyes widened in disbelief as he looked down at the claw impaling him. His mind went blank, but he could faintly see a pulsating red mass within the claw’s grip.
“Is that… my heart?” The horrifying realization struck him. He struggled to keep his eyes open and was desperate to see what was in the claw.
But in the next instant, the claw tightened and crushed the within with brutal force.
All strength seemed to drain from Truce. His body went limp, and his vision darkened.
“The scent of blood is so intoxicating,” Jeremiah said with a wicked grin. He flicked his wrist and sent Truce’s lifeless body flying several yards before it crashed outside the battle ring.
A heavy thud echoed through the venue as Truce’s body hit the ground like a discarded sandbag. Blood spilled out and spread in a grotesque, irregular pool of red.
Silence fell over the crowd in stunned disbelief.
Everyone gaped at Truce’s lifeless form. They could hardly believe what had just happened. Just moments before, he had seemed poised for victory. Now, he lay dead.
The entire sequence had been so abrupt that no one had time to react. Truce, renowned for his Adamantine Body Art and reputedly impenetrable defense, had just been killed by a single strike?
How was this even possible?
###Chapter 2311 by Marina Vittori
The spectators were shocked by Truce’s death. What was expected to be a routine match ended in a shocking turn of events. It was genuinely bewildering.
“Hmm?” Oron frowned as he looked at the lifeless body under the battle ring.
He hadn’t expected the heavily injured Jeremiah could still deliver such a lethal blow. The single strike that killed Truce caught Oron off guard.
Although battles could be unpredictable and fate often decided the outcome, losing a skilled expert like Truce was a significant loss for Dragonmarsh.
“That priest has some talent. Despite being in the fight for so long, he’s still holding back his full power. Impressive. “Sitting in the front row with a clear view of the battle ring, Alloy narrowed his eyes thoughtfully.
He had watched the entire fight unfold and noticed Jeremiah had relied solely on his physical strength. Alloy could tell Jeremiah had more skills in reserve.
“Hmph! Just a half-human, half- demon freak. Not exactly a game- changer.” Cyrus sneered with a contemptuous glare.
The Streuquans were always obsessed with bizarre advancements like genetic enhancement, human modifications, and so on.
While these might offer a temporary power boost, they were shortcuts and ultimately ineffective against true strength.
“If I’m not mistaken, the three foreign contestants are from the Hall of Gods, right?” Kaden asked nonchalantly.
He continued, “Seems like they’re using this Combat Tournament as an opportunity to assert their dominance at Sacred Wyrm Summit.” His tone was even, but his eyes flashed with anger.
Jeremiah had deliberately concealed his strength and conserved his energy to strike at the critical moment.
Truce was exceptionally gifted, with extraordinary talent and perceptiveness. He was poised to break through and become an ultimate grandmaster. Hence, his death was a significant loss for Dragonmarsh.
“If the Hall of Gods dares to send their dogs on us, then let’s make sure they don’t leave today,” Penelope said grimly.
Alloy and Cyrus exchanged a look of silent agreement. They knew that any internal conflicts would need to be postponed until they had dealt with these external threats first. 
After a brief silence, Oron announced, ” The first match is over. The winner is Contestant number 32.”
Only a few scattered applause was heard, while the majority of the spectators remained silent. The mood might have been different if it had been a simple matter of winning or losing.
Truce hadn’t just lost-he had lost his life. Under these grim circumstances, who could feel celebratory?
After the first match ended, Oron immediately carried Truce’s body away and summoned a team to repair the battle ring.
The battle ring made of Abyssal stone was durable and easy to repair. The damage could be fixed in under five minutes by pouring molten Abyssal stone into the cracks and pits. Once the liquid had cooled, the ring would be as good as new.
“Let’s move on to the second match. Contestants 2 and 31, please come to the ring.” After a short break, Oron’s voice rang out again.
Two women rose from the audience and walked toward the battle ring, one on the left and one on the right.
The woman on the left wore a red battle outfit. She was tall and had a cool, composed look. She carried a long spear and radiated the distinct presence of a female general. She was Veronica Campbell, one of Alloy’s direct disciples.
On the right, the woman in the sleek black gown had a striking figure and an enchanting beauty. Her radiant smile and graceful movements exuded a natural, irresistible allure.
When she appeared, she captured every man’s attention. Young, impassioned men struggled to maintain their composure. They were left breathless, and their eyes widened with fascination. To them, she was the very definition of allure.
“I recognize the woman in red on the left. She’s Veronica Campbell, a senior disciple from the Celestial Alliance. But who is the one in black?”
“No idea. With that look, she is sure to steal the show!”
The entrance of the two female martial artists quickly reignited the atmosphere, which had been a bit subdued.
While both women drew attention, the one in black was the center of focus. Her slender waist and captivating figure were simply mesmerizing.
“Is that her?” Dustin raised an eyebrow in surprise when he recognized the woman in black. He hadn’t paid much attention during the draw earlier, so encountering a familiar face was unexpected.
The woman in black was Azalea Larson, whom he had met a year ago in Balerno. Back then, she had been a disciple of the Dark Lord, a traitor to the Mystic Arts Order.
But she had turned her back on her dark past to become Abigail’s bodyguard. When Abigail awakened her Phoenix bloodline and was taken to the Mystic Arts Order, Azalea followed and became a disciple.
Azalea was skilled in face-changing and the Art of Charming, techniques that had nearly fooled Dustin on several occasions.
He was surprised that she had made remarkable progress and become a grandmaster martial artist after a year. Being around Abigail made Azalea a key focus for the Mystic Arts Order’s training.
This Combat Tournament was Azalea’s moment to shine and establish her reputation.
###Chapter 2312 by Marina Vittori
“Look! Veronica is stepping onto the ring.”
“Veronica has been perfecting her skills for ten years. She’s definitely going to make an impact this time!”
“Go, Veronica! Bring glory to the Celestial Alliance!”
The Celestial Alliance’s disciples cheered as they watched Veronica stride confidently onto the battle ring.
As the top guild of Dragonmarsh, its disciples took great pride in their status. To them, anyone from their guild was bound to be superior to opponents from another guild.
Aurora smiled and said confidently, ” With Veronica competing, this match should be a clear win for us.”
Given Veronica’s skills, she might struggle against a well-known genius, but her opponent was an unknown young martial artist. For someone of Veronica’s caliber, this was hardly a challenge.
“Her opponent is from the Mystic Arts Order, so we shouldn’t underestimate them.” Alicia shook her head slightly.
Veronica would have a clear advantage if it were just a matter of martial skills and cultivation. However, the Mystic Arts Order was known for its unpredictable and mysterious techniques. A lapse in vigilance could lead to a surprise attack, making the outcome of the match uncertain.
“The Mystic Arts Order disciples rarely participate in these matches, so this is a rare chance to see their true capabilities,” Fenley said with keen interest.
The Mystic Arts Order was the most mysterious of the three major guilds. Their disciples possessed profound cultivation and mastered a range of mystic arts.
It was this mystery that made them so intimidating. Generally, no faction wanted to provoke the Mystic Arts Order unless absolutely necessary.
“Are both contestants ready?” Oron glanced between them.
Once they nodded, he announced, “If there are no ions, the match starts now.” He stepped away from the ring to give them the space they needed.
“I’m Veronica Campbell from Celestial Alliance.” Veronica stood tall in her red battle gear, and her spear angled firmly toward the ground. Her expression was steely, and her voice was commanding.
“I’m Azalea Larson of the Mystic Arts Order. It’s nice to meet you,” Azalea said with a seemingly harmless smile.
“I won’t hold back in this fight. Be on your guard,” Veronica warned.
“Okay,” Azalea responded flatly with a nod.
Veronica launched her spear forward without hesitation with a swift flick of her wrist. The thrust was precise and lightning-fast.
The spear’s tip gleamed with a silver light as it cut through the air and stirred up a fierce gust of wind.
Azalea noticed that and smirked. She quickly pulled out a coiled whip from her waist and flicked it with a sharp crack. The whip shot out like a striking serpent as it aimed to wrap around Veronica’s waist.
The advantage of a longer weapon was clear. While Veronica’s spear usually dominated standard weapons, it was at a disadvantage against the more extended reach of Azalea’s whip. Before Veronica could close in, she was already within Azalea’s striking range.
Azalea’s whip was lined with barbs. If it wrapped around the target, a powerful yank would instantly tear through flesh and leave gruesome wounds.
“Hmm?” Veronica raised an eyebrow and immediately changed her approach from offense to defense. She intercepted the whip with her spear. The two weapons coiled around each other like entwined serpents.
Azalea took this opportunity to pull her whip to disarm Veronica.
“Bold move!” Veronica’s eyes sharpened as she charged forward instead of retreating.
She used the whip’s pull to her advantage while adjusting her spear mid-stride. With a powerful thrust, she aimed straight for Azalea’s throat.
Azalea’s eyes widened in surprise. She hadn’t expected Veronica to react so quickly, using the whip’s pull to break free and launch a counterattack.
Such quick thinking was beyond what many grandmaster martial artists could achieve.
But Azalea wouldn’t just stand there. She knew her whip wouldn’t be as effective up close, but she had other tricks up her sleeve.
With a flick of her wrist, a barrage of poisoned needles shot out from her sleeve and darted toward Veronica.
Veronica’s eyes narrowed as she was forced to abandon her attack. She used her spear to create a swirling vortex of internal energy before her.
The poisoned needles, caught in the swirling force, lost all momentum and were sucked into the vortex. Hence, the needles were rendered harmless.
Veronica’s spear spun faster, and the vortex grew larger. Once all the needles were trapped, Veronica redirected the vortex with a powerful sweep of her spear. She sent the needles flying back at Azalea with even greater speed.
It was the classic strategy of turning an opponent’s weapon against them.
Azalea was caught off guard and quickly formed a protective barrier of internal energy. The needles struck it with a series of sharp clangs, and the impact pushed Azalea back several steps.
Veronica’s superior combat experience gave her the upper hand in this first exchange.
“Break!”
Veronica didn’t waste a second. As Azalea stumbled back, her spear shot forward like a dragon. It was faster than the eye could follow.
###Chapter 2313 by Marina Vittori
The spear hummed and shimmered with silver light as it exuded a bone- chilling cold. The air began to warp wherever it passed, letting out a sharp, ear-splitting screech.
Azalea didn’t dare take it head-on. She quickly retreated, and her hands formed intricate signs as she murmured an incantation. She pointed toward Veronica, who was chasing her.
The battle ring suddenly erupted with a mass of black vines. These vines, almost as if they possessed a mind of their own, shot up with incredible speed.
It wrapped around Veronica’s feet and rapidly coiled upward. Within the blink of an eye, her legs, hips, and waist were ensnared entirely. She was immobilized.
“Huh?” Veronica frowned.
She was about to raise her spear to counterattack when two thicker vines shot up from the ground, wrapping around her arms and forcefully pulling them apart. Within seconds, the black vines had her tied up like a prisoner.
What was most alarming was the sheer strength of these vines. They were incredibly tough, and Veronica couldn’t break free. She struggled, but it was in vain.
“What kind of sorcery is this? How is it so sinister?”
“This is bad. Veronica is in danger!”
“This was a cheap shot. She ambushed her!”
The Celestial Alliance disciples grew anxious as they saw Veronica bound by the vines. They never expected Azalea to wield such a strange and unpredictable technique.
“Now!”
Azalea seized the opportunity. Her hands formed another set of hand signs and pointed at the immobilized Veronica. 1
With a thunderous roar, a scorching flame burst forth. It swiftly transformed into a ferocious tiger. The tiger roared silently and charged at Veronica with its body engulfed in a raging inferno.
“This is bad!”
The disciples of the Celestial Alliance turned pale, some even leaping to their feet in alarm. But they could only watch helplessly as the blazing flames consumed Veronica.
“It’s over! Veronica’s done for!”
Despair washed over the Celestial Alliance disciples as they muttered among themselves. None of them had expected Veronica, with her incredible spear mastery and formidable skills, to be defeated so quickly. It was beyond belief.
“No way! Did Veronica lose?” Aurora’s eyes widened in shock.
The match lasted less than three minutes. After only a few exchanges, Veronica, with all her strength, couldn’t have been defeated so quickly, right?
“Don’t rush to conclusions. The match has only just begun.” Fenley narrowed his eyes slightly. His expression was calm.
If Veronica couldn’t handle this level of threat, she wasn’t worthy of the Celestial Alliance’s trust.
When he finished speaking, a powerful energy suddenly erupted from within the blazing flames on the battle ring.
With a loud explosion, the black vines and flames exploded. It sent the fiery shards and thrashing tendrils flying in all directions.
Suddenly, a figure shrouded in an icy chill shot out from the exploding flames. The spear gleamed with silver light and shot toward Azalea with blinding speed.
The strike moved with the elegance of a swan in flight. It was as silent and deadly as a coiled serpent.
“Too fast!”
Azalea barely had time to react. She hastily raised her arms to block, and her grandmaster-level internal energy surged in a protective shield before her.
Veronica’s spear crashed against the energy shield with explosive force. The barrier barely held for a heartbeat before shattering into fragments.
But Veronica didn’t relent. Her spear continued its advance, aiming straight at Azalea’s chest.
However, the expected deadly strike never came. Just as the spear’s tip was about to reach Azalea’s chest, a sudden flash of golden light burst forth.
With a metallic clang, Veronica’s spear was suddenly flung away by an invisible force. The impact sent her stumbling backward, and her arm was numb from the recoil.
“Hmm?”
Veronica’s eyes narrowed as she noticed the small Astral bell floating in front of Azalea’s chest.
The bell was only the size of an egg but intricately engraved with runes. Its surface shimmered with a golden light; this was definitely not an ordinary .
“An Elysian amulet?” Veronica frowned, and her expression darkened.
The Elysian amulet was a scarce piece of protective gear. It was far superior to any golden silk armor.
This amulet had a natural enchantment that activated automatically to form a protective shield whenever its wearer was in danger without conscious activation.
Such a prized artifact was incredibly rare; it was worth a fortune and nearly impossible to obtain. Even Veronica wasn’t privileged enough to own one.
She was astonished that someone as young as Azalea possessed such a treasure. Had the Mystic Arts Order’s disciples become so wealthy?
“That was a close call. I nearly took a hit.” Azalea lightly patted her chest as she caught her breath.
She had underestimated Veronica and thought she could handle the situation with just a couple of spells. Azalea hadn’t expected Veronica to break her defenses and launch a deadly counterattack.
She might have been severely injured if Abigail hadn’t given her the Elysian Amulet.
The Mystic Arts Order didn’t own this amulet. It was a treasure Abigail had won from a recent betting game she organized.
Azalea couldn’t help but admire Abigail’s keen judgment.
###Chapter 2314 by Marina Vittori
In the stands, someone clenched his fists in frustration as he watched Azalea use the Elysian amulet. It had once been his prized possession, but he had lost it in a bet.
The loss stung, and the gambler’s fate seemed richly deserved.
“Madam Penelope, your guild has impressive resources. Even one of your disciples gets to use an Elysian amulet. It’s quite enviable.” Alloy’s tone was laced with subtle probing.
“When it comes to wealth and influence, the Celestial Alliance takes the lead. We only have a bit of heritage, “Penelope said coolly.
“You’re too modest,” he responded with a knowing smile. “But if this young disciple has earned your favor, she must be extraordinary. I’m eager to see how she performs.”
“Your disciples are no pushovers either, ” she said with a faint smile.
Cyrus observed the insincere exchange with a sneer. There was no room for all this pretense in the battle ring, so just get on with the fight.
“I didn’t expect you to have an Elysian amulet?” Veronica’s face was grim as she spoke with a harsh tone.
She added, “But it won’t help you win the match even with that amulet. In the end, you’ll still lose to me.”
She knew that Elysian Amulets usually had a limited number of uses. Once the spiritual energy inside was depleted, the amulet would no longer activate.
In other words, she only needed to intensify her attack to drain the amulet’s power. It might take some effort, but it was doable.
“Heh… You wish to defeat me? Let’s see if you have what it takes,” Azalea said with a faint smile. Her long whip began to move like a serpent.
Azalea had learned from her earlier slip – up when Veronica’s aggressive assault caught her off guard. She was determined not to make the same mistake and wouldn’t give Veronica another chance.
“Watch this!”
Without hesitation, Veronica surged forward. Her spear gleamed with a cold light as she lunged at Azalea with fierce intent.
The thrust was direct, but it was swift and unpredictable. It also had the flexibility to adapt and strike.
Azalea reacted quickly. She lashed out with her whip and aimed for Veronica’s face.
Veronica twisted in midair. She gracefully dodged the whip and continued her relentless advance.
Azalea seemed to anticipate Veronica’s moves. With a sharp flick of her wrist, the empty whip changed direction abruptly and coiled around Veronica’s leg.
She quickly formed a hand seal, and a blue electric arc gathered at her fingertips.
“Now!”
Azalea’s fingers, charged with electric arcs, tapped the whip. Instantly, a fierce surge of electricity traveled up the whip and coursed through Veronica’s body.
Veronica grunted as her body convulsed uncontrollably. The electric shock left her paralyzed and immobilized her.
Even her grandmaster-level internal energy was briefly thrown into disarray, and she could not channel it.
“What the hell is this technique? Could it be Stormcraft from Sacred Wyrm Summit?”
“No, Stormcraft is more overpowering. Azalea’s technique must be a rare form of esoteric magic.”
“Isn’t the Mystic Arts Order known for their poison and witchcraft? Surprisingly, she chose to specialize in esoteric techniques instead.”
The spectators were astonished by Azalea’s combination of fire and electricity.
On the contrary, the disciples of the Celestial Alliance were visibly nervous.
Despite Veronica’s impressive strength, Azalea’s tactics were so bizarre and unpredictable that it was nearly impossible to defend against.
The unpredictability of Azalea’s next move left Veronica in a highly reactive and defensive position.
“Celestial Vortex!” Azalea raised her hand, and her internal energy surged to create a massive vortex in the air.
The next moment, the water in the spectators’ drinking glasses seemed to defy gravity. It rose as if directed by an invisible force.
The water streams converged rapidly toward the vortex above Azalea’s head. Within moments, hundreds of streams of water had merged into a gigantic water sphere.
“Ethereal Ice Sphere!” Azalea swiftly formed a hand seal and pointed at the paralyzed Veronica.
Thousands of water arrows shot out from the water sphere. Strangely, as the arrows took shape, they swiftly froze into deadly frost arrows.
These arrows rained down on Veronica from every direction. It was a relentless, all-encompassing assault.
Even if she weren’t immobilized, evading the attack would be nearly impossible, let alone with her limbs paralyzed.
“Blood Ward!”
Veronica’s expression hardened when she realized the situation was not in her favor. She bit her tongue to draw blood and spat it out in front of her.
The blood, fueled by her internal energy, formed an ethereal red shield that materialized in front of her.
Thousands of frost arrows pounded against the Blood Ward. Each impact created explosive cracks and scattering shards of ice.
After the relentless barrage, the frost arrows eventually stopped. However, the shield in front of Veronica began to crack under the strain.
Before she could even catch her breath, a second wave of frost arrows descended in a relentless onslaught.
###Chapter 2315 by Marina Vittori
“Not again!” Veronica’s face paled.
At that moment, the effects of her parálysis started to wear off. She didn’t have time to hesitate when she saw the frost arrows descending again.
She gripped her spear and spun it wildly, creating a blur of afterimages. Her spear spun like a helicopter rotor, whipping up strong winds that formed a protective barrier about ten feet in front of her.
The incoming frost arrows struck the wind barrier with a series of crackling sounds. The impact forced Veronica to stagger backward, and her arms were numb from the force.
The Blood Ward she had used earlier had drained her energy significantly. So, now she struggled to keep up when facing Azalea’s relentless assault.
“Void Mire!”
While Veronica was still defending against the frost arrows, Azalea performed another hand seal. She crouched and slammed her hand onto the battle ring’s surface.
Suddenly, a bizarre scene unfolded. The ground beneath Veronica’s feet turned soft and swampy, like quicksand. As she tried to retreat, she found her feet sinking deeper into the mire.
The most unsettling part was the powerful suction of the mire. It relentlessly pulled Veronica’s legs, and she had a hard time freeing herself.
With frost arrows bombarding her from above and the mire threatening to swallow her from below, Veronica was in a dire struggle and couldn’t fend off attacks from both sides.
“Despicable wench, all you can do is use underhanded tricks! If you’ve got the guts, face me head-on!” Veronica’s frustration boiled over. 1
She was a master of spear techniques with extensive combat experience. She was confident she could quickly take down her opponent in close quarters.
But Azalea never gave her the chance to get close. She continued to attack from a distance with her spells.
What infuriated Veronica the most was Azalea’s endless array of tactics. One moment, she was ensnared by vines, and the next second, she was under a barrage of fiery attacks.
Then came the electrical paralysis, followed by a storm of frost arrows. Now, Azalea had conjured a swamp to trap her.
Despite Veronica’s exceptional spear skills, they were rendered useless in the face of such relentless and varied assaults. It was incredibly frustrating to be so outmatched.
If it weren’t for Azalea’s Elysian amulet, Veronica would have won by now. It was maddening how close she was to victory, only to be thwarted at the last moment.
“What’s wrong with using underhanded tricks? If it leads to victory, any means are fair game,” Azalea said, tossing a Gerandium into her mouth.
She had just used up a lot of energy with her spells earlier. But luckily, she had a priceless bottle of Gerandium on hand. With this, she could attack without any reservations and unleash her full strength.
“Ready for more? Here comes another round!” After taking the pill, Azalea felt revitalized. Her internal energy quickly roared to life.
She raised her hand again, and thousands of frost arrows filled the sky. It formed a dense, overwhelming barrage that blocked out the sun.
“You… You’re despicable!” Veronica spat out in frustration.
Azalea kept using her spells without a pause. With Gerandium to boost her energy, she wasn’t worried about running out of resources. How was Veronica supposed to compete against that?
“Damn it! This woman just doesn’t know when to stop.”
“First, it’s the Elysian amulet, and now, precious Gerandium! When did the Mystic Arts Order’s disciples become so wealthy?”
The spectators couldn’t resist murmuring among themselves as they watched Azalea using various artifacts.
The Celestial Alliance’s disciples were especially vocal. Their comments were filled with frustration, jealousy, and envy, but mostly a sense of disbelief.
The match was supposed to be a test of skill, but Azalea’s use of divine artifacts and pills had given her a huge advantage.
“Fall!”
Ignoring the murmurs around her, Azalea directed a barrage of frost arrows at Veronica again.
Veronica was stuck in a quagmire and was unable to move. She could only swing her spear while channeling her internal energy to block and resist.
Each impact from the frost arrows caused her body to shiver and her arms to numb. Her movements slowed, and her internal energy drained rapidly.
Her defense began to falter, and a few arrows broke through, which left bloody wounds on her. Plus, the freezing power of the arrows made her movements increasingly stiff.
After a relentless assault of frost arrows, Veronica was disheveled and battered. She looked thoroughly defeated.
Azalea continued her assault. She popped two more precious Gerandium into her mouth to replenish her energy.
The sight made Veronica’s eyes twitch with anguish. If she had an Elysian amulet or Gerandium herself, she might have been able to turn the tide of the battle. Unfortunately, she didn’t.
“Again!” Azalea was brimming with energy and confidence. She raised her hand again, and her internal energy surged forth as if it were limitless.
At that instant, a dense cloud of frost arrows appeared above Veronica’s head again.
Veronica’s heart sank into despair upon seeing that.
With the relentless barrage of spell attacks, with the added boost from the Gerandium, who could withstand this?
Veronica cried out in fear as the frost arrows began to rain down, “Wait! I surrender! I surrender!” She was gravely injured, her internal energy depleted, and she had no strength left to continue.
If she didn’t concede now, the next wave of frost arrows could leave her either dead or severely wounded. With no hope of victory, it was better to surrender and avoid further suffering.
“Ah? You want to give up? I just took two Gerandium and was eager to keep going,” Azalea said regretfully.
If she had known Veronica was going to surrender, she wouldn’t have used the pills. They were expensive, and every bit saved counted.
Veronica’s face twitched with frustration and helplessness when she observed Azalea’s disappointed expression.
###Chapter 2316 by Marina Vittori
Veronica was unwilling to accept her loss in this match. In terms of raw strength, she was unquestionably stronger than Azalea, with at least an 80% chance of winning in a direct confrontation. But Azalea’s arsenal of divine artifacts, pills, and unpredictable techniques made her nearly impossible to defend against..
In the end, Veronica was worn down and had no choice but to concede. The frustration gnawed at her.
“Mr. Marshall, it seems your Celestial Alliance disciples aren’t as formidable as they’re made out to be,” Cyrus said with a smirk.
He had been at odds with Alloy for years. They were constantly competing in the open and behind the scenes.
Hence, Cyrus was happy to watch Alloy stumble.
“One unexpected loss doesn’t mean much. Besides, your Sword Union may not fare any better,” Alloy responded calmly.
Veronica was his favorite disciple, so her early defeat blew his pride.
“Really? Then, let’s see who wins in the end.” Cyrus smiled. He couldn’t wait to see Alloy’s reaction when Fenley lost to Glenn.
Aurora sighed and looked disappointed. “I didn’t expect this outcome. It’s such a shame.”
She believed that victory was almost inevitable with Veronica’s advanced cultivation and exceptional spear skills. But losing just like that was hard to accept.
“Veronica did her best. It’s just that the Mystic Arts Order disciple had too many tricks up her sleeve. She played to her strengths and happened to counter Veronica perfectly, which led to this result,” Alicia said, shaking her head.
That was the nature of competition. The tide could turn instantly, and even superior strength couldn’t guarantee victory.
“Fenley, Dr. Rhys, I’m counting on. both of you,” Aurora said, scanning the surroundings.
The remaining Celestial Alliance disciples had already been eliminated from the top eight. Now, only Fenley and Dustin were left in the tournament.
Aurora was confident that Fenley would secure a spot in the top eight, but having just one member advancing wouldn’t be enough to showcase the guild’s strength. She hoped Dustin would break into the top eight and claim a spot.
“I’ll do my best,” Dustin nodded slightly.
“Dr. Rhys, I remember you drew number 8, right?” Alicia suddenly asked.
“Yes. What’s wrong?”
“I’ve been watching closely. Your opponent is a vampire. As you might know, vampires are incredibly tough. Vampires are dark creatures, and ordinary methods can’t harm them. Without a special weapon, you could be at a disadvantage.”
Then, Alicia pulled out a dagger and quietly handed it to him. “I’ve heard vampires are vulnerable to silver. I had this silver weapon brought over for you. Keep it and use it when the time comes.
“A silver weapon?” Dustin raised an eyebrow and looked at her.
He hadn’t expected her to be so meticulous. Not only had she noticed his opponent, but she also prepared a countermeasure.
“Alicia, when did you get this silver weapon? Why didn’t I know about this? “Aurora asked, astonished.
“Such things need to be kept quiet. If the vampire knew, it would be on guard. Then, the element of surprise would be lost,” Alicia explained quietly.
“True.” Aurora nodded.
“Thanks,” Dustin said, accepting the silver dagger and stowing it away.
He had heard similar rumors that vampires were vulnerable to silver, but this weakness diminished as their strength increased.
High-ranking vampires like earls and dukes were not afraid of silver weapons. Even if decapitated or with their heart destroyed, as long as they have access to blood, they could still survive. Such beings could be considered immortals.
Of course, Bill was not an earl. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been beaten by Fenley the other night.
“Contestant number 2 has voluntarily conceded. I hereby announce that Contestant number 31 is the winner.” Oron leaped onto the battle ring and spoke loudly.
The venue erupted in thunderous applause.
While Veronica had many supporters, Azalea’s striking appearance and impressive performance won her many fans. Her victory was met with widespread celebration from the crowd.
Amid the cheers and applause, Azalea smiled as she descended from the battle ring and returned to her seat among the Mystic Arts Order disciples.
If the Mystic Arts Order weren’t so feared, many young elites would have rushed forward to express their admiration at Azalea.
“Well done, Azalea. Our guild can finally hold our heads high today,” Abigail praised with a smile as Azalea took her seat.
“Grand Sorceress, thank you. My abilities are humble, and victory seemed unlikely. Thanks to your generous gift of the Elysian amulet and the Gerandium, I was able to turn the tide and bring honor to the Mystic Arts Order,” Azalea responded with a respectful nod.
Although Abigail treated her well and even regarded her as a sister, Azalea was aware of her role and knew she mustn’t overstep her bounds. If she took advantage of Abigail’s support and became arrogant, it would only lead to trouble eventually.
Abigail said, “Azalea, your next opponent will be even stronger. Everyone knows about the Elysian amulet and Gerandium, so these items will no longer have the element of surprise.
“But don’t worry, I have some other treasures that might be useful. Take a look and choose whatever you need.” Then, she promptly displayed a collection of top-tier treasures in front of her.
The Mystic Arts Order elders nearby were stunned. Each of these items could stir up a storm in the martial world. But these treasures were like vegetables to Abigail, and she handed them out in piles.
Her generosity was simply astounding.
###Chapter 2317 by Marina Vittori
“Grand Sorceress, these… These treasures are far too valuable. I don’t think I can accept them.” Azalea was taken aback when she looked at the dazzling array of treasures before her.
When Abigail had previously given her the Elysian Amulet and Gerandium, it had already stirred up some dissent. If she accepted these as well, she would undoubtedly become the target of envy and resentment among the Mystic Arts Order disciples.
“Valuable? I earned all these from the betting pool that I set up. I didn’t spend a dime. Just take them, and don’t worry about it. If anyone dares to gossip, I’ll tear their mouths apart,” Abigail said as she looked around.
The nearby Mystic Arts Order members were startled and quickly averted their eyes. They pretended not to notice anything.
They knew very well what Abigail was capable of. Ever since she became the Grand Sorceress, the first thing she did was clean house within the Mystic Arts Order. She dealt with dissenting voices swiftly and brutally.
Anyone, from elders to disciples, who opposed her was either imprisoned or killed. During that time, fear spread throughout the Mystic Arts Order.
Following her reforms, they were amazed to find that the order not only survived but seemed revitalized. It attracted many talented disciples and became more unified and stronger than ever.
Only later did they realize those Abigail had removed were parasites within the Mystic Arts Order. These individuals had hoarded power and resources for personal gain, with no concern for the guild’s development.
Some of them even controlled the basic paths of advancement for disciples. As a result, those without connections found it nearly impossible to access resources or climb the rank in the guild.
When Abigail took over, everything changed. Though her methods were iron-fisted and merciless, she was fair and just. As a result, she gained all the disciples’ respect.
Within the Mystic Arts Order, her word was law, and no one dared to oppose her. Anyone who did would drop dead.
“This…” Azalea hesitated.
Abigail had always treated Azalea well and given her the best of everything. Although Azalea didn’t mind facing resentment, she was concerned about Abigail. As the Grand Sorceress, Abigail’s favoritism could draw criticism from the disciples.
“Okay. Stop refusing my offer. If you’re worried, think of these treasures as a loan. You can return them after you win the match.” Seeing Azalea’s reluctance, Abigail tried a different approach.
Although she couldn’t give them directly, she felt it was natural to reward Azalea with those treasures if she won the match.
“Fine. I’ll borrow them for now.” Since Abigail had put it that way, Azalea couldn’t refuse. If it was just a loan, she felt less burdened.
After the second match ended, the third match began shortly after.
Oron stepped onto the battle ring and announced, “We’re starting the third match. Contestants number three and 30, please come forward to the ring.”
As soon as he finished speaking, a figure leaped from the crowd. He performed several flips in the air and landed in the ring. It was Jermaine, wearing a hat and a long sword strapped on his back.
As the chief senior disciple of the Soultech Union, he was well-known in the martial world. His entrance onto the stage was greeted with cheers from the crowd.
“Giant! Come up here and face your doom!” Jermaine shouted confidently. He pointed at George, who stood below the ring. His voice was filled with fierce determination.
The two had shown each other their number balls, so they knew who their opponents were.
George’s earlier throat-slashing taunt gesture had annoyed Jermaine. Now, he was eager to crush him with overwhelming force in the ring.
A low, rumbling laugh filled the venue.
Standing over six feet six inches tall with an exceptionally muscular build, George walked menacingly toward the battle ring. As a battle fanatic, he had been waiting for this moment to unleash his full power.
“Martial artist from Dragonmarsh, meeting me is the greatest misfortune of your life. Soon, you will understand what hell is!” he declared.
His shoulders moved slightly as he stepped into the ring. His muscles bulged like black obsidian and gleamed strangely under the sunlight.
“Hmph! Who are you trying to scare? Just because you’re bigger doesn’t mean I’m afraid of you.” Jermaine kept a cold, fearless expression. He had dealt with at least eight or ten big guys before, and many had died at his hands.
Although George’s muscles looked intimidating, they only meant he had great strength. However, this came at the cost of speed and agility. Strength alone wasn’t enough. With his skills, Jermaine could easily outmaneuver him.
“Very well. I hope you still have this much courage when I’m standing over you later.” George sneered as if he was looking at a dead man.
“Stop talking! If you have the guts, come at me!” Jermaine shouted and pulled out his long sword with fierce determination.
George didn’t move immediately. Instead, he glanced at Oron. He hadn’t forgotten what had happened to Bill earlier. Until the match officially began, he didn’t want to give anyone a chance to catch him off guard. 
“Are both contestants ready?” Oron asked, looking at them both. Once they nodded, he announced loudly, “Good. The third match officially begins!”
As soon as Oron finished speaking, Jermaine sprang into action.
“Go to hell!” He pushed off the ground with powerful strides and lunged forward like a tiger. His long sword left a blur of motion as he swung it sharply toward George’s neck.
He thought, “What good are those muscles? I’ll cut you down with one clean stroke!”
###Chapter 2318 by Marina Vittori
Jermaine’s speed was remarkable, and his strikes were swift, like lightning.
The spectators barely had time to blink before he was standing in front of George with his steel sword aiming at George’s neck.
Jermaine, who had fought through a tough Group B contestant, hadn’t reached grandmaster level. But he had the strength of one, and this was the source of his confidence.
Despite being attacked, George didn’t react. He stood there blankly without trying to dodge the attack.
Jermaine smirked at the sight. He knew this was the weakness of a big guy with slow speed. Their sluggish reactions made them easy targets for attacks.
As expected, his steel sword struck George’s neck. But soon, the smile on his face disappeared.
The scene he had anticipated, where the strike would separate George’s head from his body, didn’t happen.
Instead, the sword, which was supposed to be indestructible, created a shower of sparks upon hitting George. It was as if Jermaine was striking a hard, dark steel piece.
Even more troubling, Jermaine didn’t sense any energy fluctuations from George. This meant that George wasn’t using internal energy. He was simply enduring the blow with his physical strength.
“Martial artist with impenetrable skin? “Jermaine frowned, and his expression grew serious.
It seemed that George’s arrogance was well-founded. He was incredibly strong and had formidable defenses, which made him a difficult opponent. However, being challenging didn’t mean he was unbeatable.
After all, every martial artist with impenetrable skin had a weak spot. Jermaine would win if he could identify George’s weak spot and deliver a powerful strike.
“Heh. Is that all you’ve got?” George sneered. He looked down at Jermaine as if he were a helpless lamb.
Jermaine snorted in response but said nothing. He prepared to withdraw his sword and look for another opportunity.
Just then, George tilted his head and clamped down on the steel sword with his cheek and shoulder. Jermaine tried to free his sword, but it wouldn’t budge.
“You’ve had your turn. Now it’s mine.”
George grinned and threw his sandbag-
sized fist at Jermaine.
It was a simple, straight punch without flair. But as it thrust through the air, it roared like thunder. The force distorted the air around it, making the punch terrifyingly powerful.
Jermaine’s expression changed. He didn’t dare take the punch head-on, so he quickly let go of his sword and stepped back, narrowly avoiding the blow.
George didn’t capitalize on his advantage. Instead, he took the sword from his neck and started eating it, bite by bite.
Yes, he ate it.
He crunched the hard, dark steel sword like a potato chip. He chewed it with gusto while savoring each bite. Soon, he had eaten more than half of the sword.
The spectators watched in stunned silence, their expressions frozen in disbelief.
“Damn? What’s going on? This big guy is eating a dark steel sword like a snack?
“Even a martial artist with impenetrable skin shouldn’t be able to do that. Is he human?”
“Beast! He’s a beast.”
The spectators were utterly shocked. They had seen all sorts of bizarre things but had never seen someone eating dark steel.
Even if someone had the teeth for it, how could they possibly digest it? This was beyond human capability.
“What…” Jermaine stood there, stunned. He stared blankly at George, who was still savoring each bite.
If Jermaine hadn’t witnessed it, he wouldn’t have believed that his dark steel sword was being eaten. It was utterly strange.
“It tastes great. Do you have any other treasures?” George grinned and showed a mouthful of white teeth.
Jermaine’s eye twitched. For a moment, he was at a loss for words.
“What’s wrong? Are you already scared? Is this all the Dragonmarsh martial artists are capable of?” George mocked.
“Bold words! Do you think your cheap tricks will intimidate me? Dream on!” Jermaine snarled.
He clenched his fists and took a fighting stance. He wasn’t only skilled in swordsmanship but also proficient in hand-to-hand combat.
While a martial artist with impenetrable skin could resist blade attacks, they were not necessarily protected against punches. After all, punches were a form of penetrating attack.
With advanced cultivation, a powerful punch could channel true energy to pierce through a martial artist with impenetrable skin and cause serious damage to their internal organs.
“Go on. Let’s see what you’ve got.” George extended a finger and beckoned with a mocking expression.
He wasn’t in a rush to win. Instead, he wanted to slowly torment Jermaine and instill fear in all Dragonmarsh martial artists.
“Let’s see just how tough you are,” Jermaine roared, launching forward like an arrow.
He gathered energy in his right arm and condensed it into a white light. Then, he struck George’s chest at lightning speed.
The punch landed with a muffled thud.
George didn’t flinch. His muscles tensed slightly and absorbed all the force from the punch.
In contrast, Jermaine was pushed back several steps by the impact. His arm went numb, and he was horrified.
Before he could react, George’s big palm reached out to grab him.
###Chapter 2319 by Marina Vittori
Before Jermaine could react, George grabbed his neck and lifted him with one hand as if picking up a chicken.
Jermaine’s breath hitched, and his face quickly turned red. He began to struggle frantically, kicking and flailing, but he still couldn’t break free.
George’s grip was like a steel clamp as he tightened it. “You’re ridiculously weak.” He shook his head and looked at Jermaine disdainfully.
Jermaine was so weak that he couldn’t even block one of his moves. The worst part was that George had only used a fraction of his strength.
George soon lost interest in tormenting such a weak opponent. After all, only strong opponents could stir his excitement.
He knew that killing strong foes was the only way he could intimidate the Dragonmarsh martial artists. But now he was disappointed to face such a weak opponent like Jermaine.
“Shadow Slip!” Faced with the crisis, Jermaine quickly formed a hand seal.
His body suddenly shrank, and he slipped out of George’s grasp like a boneless cat. He rolled on the ground to distance himself from George and panted heavily. His flushed face soon returned to normal.
“Oh?”
The sudden turn of events surprised George and brought a hint of curiosity to his eyes. He figured Jermaine wasn’t a weakling and might have some special techniques he hadn’t used yet.
“Giant, I must admit, you’re strong enough to force me to use Shadow Slip. 
But this is where it ends.” Jermaine touched his sore neck, and a murderous look filled his eyes.
He continued, “Next, you’ll see the powerful secret method of the Soultech Union. This was meant for the final match, but I didn’t expect to use it on you now. It feels like overkill, but I have no other choice.”
Jermaine then took out a black pill and swallowed it. He clasped his hands together and recited an incantation.
Soon, a vague black shadow began to emerge from his body. This shadow, resembling swirling smoke, shifted and twisted until it finally took the form of a figure almost identical to him.
When the spectators saw that, they were horrified.
“Could this be the Soultech Union’s secret move, the Phantom Reaper technique?”
“Rumor has it that this technique is particularly unsettling and mysterious. It can bypass defenses and shields to attack a victim’s soul directly.
“If this technique strikes the victim with a weak soul, they could end up as an idiot or even die on the spot. It’s a technique that could kill without leaving a trace.”
“I heard that the Soultech Union’s Phantom Reaper technique was lost because it was difficult to master. Even the guildmaster couldn’t perform it. I can’t believe Jermaine has actually mastered it. It looks like the Soultech Union might make a strong comeback.”
The spectators murmured in astonishment as they watched the phantom hovering above Jermaine’s head.
The Soultech Union was among the top three forces in the martial world 200 years ago. This was primarily due to their guildmaster’s mastery of the Phantom Reaper technique.
Almost no one dared to challenge them. Regardless of their strength, anyone who opposed the guildmaster would die mysteriously, including many top- level fighters.
After the guildmaster’s death, the Soultech Union began to decline. The main reason was the difficulty of mastering the Phantom Reaper technique. It was so complex that a mistake could turn the practitioner into an idiot.
At present, Jermaine was the only one in the Soultech Union to successfully master it, which indicated that the Soultech Union might rise again.
“What is the Phantom Reaper technique? Is it really that powerful?” Alicia tilted her head, looking somewhat curious.
Grace explained, “The Phantom Reaper technique is a powerful soul cultivation method. It’s said to attack the victim’s soul directly and destroy their mind.
“Nothing can block it unless the victim’s soul is stronger than the caster’s. If the victim’s soul is weak, there’s no escape from death once the technique hits them.”
“That sounds terrifying.” Alicia’s eyes widened. The thought of a soul- targeting attack was chilling.
“How do you determine the strength of someone’s soul?” Aurora suddenly asked.
“It’s difficult to assess,” Grace replied, shaking her head.
She continued, “Techniques related to the soul are extremely difficult to master. They require exceptional talent and strong willpower.
“Without these, it’s easy to overtrain and lead to mental ruin. In the entire martial world, less than five people have mastered soul techniques.”
“If the Phantom Reaper technique is used, doesn’t that make the Soultech Union unbeatable?” Aurora asked, frowning.
“Not necessarily.” Grace shook her head.
She added, “Even though this technique is powerful, it has its weaknesses. First, the practitioner’s body becomes immobile while performing the technique. The technique can be disrupted if the opponent targets the practitioner’s body.
“Usually, practitioners avoid such risky moves because they’re too dangerous. Currently, Jermaine is desperate and has no choice but to take this risk.”
“I see.” Aurora nodded and felt relieved. If the Phantom Reaper technique were unbeatable, the Soultech Union could seriously threaten the Celestial Alliance.
“Go to hell, giant!” Jermaine suddenly shouted. He clasped his hands together and pointed with two fingers at George from a distance.
The phantom above him immediately lunged at George with a fierce, ghostly presence that exuded an intense coldness.
###Chapter 2320 by Marina Vittori
The phantom moved with incredible speed. Wherever it passed, the ground froze, and the air seemed to solidify. Within a ten-yard radius, everything felt trapped in a unique space where s appeared frozen.
George suddenly felt a chill and a sense of impending danger. He didn’t dare to be reckless and immediately gathered all his energy to punch the phantom.
His punch struck out with the force of thunder, which was incredibly fast. As soon as his fist struck out, a red fist shadow as hot as a flame shot out and hit the phantom.
Contrary to George’s expectations, the red fist shadow didn’t hit the phantom. Instead, it passed through without resistance, as if hitting thin air.
“Huh?” His eyes widened in surprise. He had never encountered such a strange technique that could disregard his energy. What on earth was that phantom?
George shook his shoulders, and his muscles tensed instantly. A red glow enveloped his tanned skin and formed a protective layer.
With his physical strength, no one could harm him unless he faced Dragonmarsh’s ultimate grandmaster.
A cold wind swept by, and the phantom passed through George the moment it touched him.
“Ah!” George shuddered as if struck by lightning and let out a painful howl. His hands trembled, sweat poured down his face, and his tanned complexion turned an eerie pale.
“What… What kind of technique are you using? How can it hurt me?” He panted heavily, feeling both anger and shock.
Suddenly, a splitting headache hit him as if thousands of needles were stabbing into his brain. The pain wasn’t physical but came from deep within his soul. It was intolerable.
“Hehe… Giant, weren’t you so arrogant earlier? How does it feel now? Does the Phantom Reaper technique taste bad?” Jermaine sneered with a deathly stare.
The Phantom Reaper technique was his trump card. He initially wanted to save it for his final match to catch his opponent off guard.
But now, he had to use it earlier than planned. So, he took this chance to make a name for himself.
“I’ll kill you!” George roared. He endured the pain as he struggled to stand and charged at Jermaine.
“You’re digging your own grave!” Jermaine scoffed. He formed a hand seal and pointed at George.
The phantom transformed into a silent gust of wind. It charged toward George and passed through his body.
George’s knees buckled the next moment, and he collapsed. His head throbbed as he sweated profusely and gasped for breath.
“Ah! My head feels like it’s going to explode!” George clutched his head and cried out in agony.
His body started to tremble uncontrollably from the pain. Despite his formidable physical strength, he couldn’t withstand this soul-piercing attack.
“Good! Keep it up! Finish off that giant!
“As expected of the chief senior disciple of the Soultech Union, you are truly amazing.”
“Is this the Phantom Reaper technique? It’s truly terrifying!”
Upon seeing George kneeling on the ground and writhing in pain, the spectators watched with a mix of astonishment and awe.
Initially, they hadn’t thought much of Jermaine, especially after George had eaten his dark steel sword. They felt Jermaine’s winning chances were slim.
But once he unleashed the Phantom Reaper technique, everything changed. The tide of the battle had turned entirely.
The once fierce and unstoppable George was now utterly defeated by Jermaine’s Phantom Reaper technique and didn’t have the chance to retaliate.
The spectators witnessed the power of this technique firsthand, so they expected the Soultech Union to make a comeback after 200 years.
“The Phantom Reaper technique is truly extraordinary. To see a mere halfway to becoming a grandmaster can beat a grandmaster with impenetrable skin is extremely rare in the martial world.” Alloy narrowed his eyes in contemplation.
If they could obtain the method for practicing the Phantom Reaper technique, they might be able to cultivate a group of powerful fighters for the Celestial Alliance. These fighters could potentially defeat opponents beyond their level.
“Why? Are you interested in the Soultech Union’s secret technique?” Cyrus glanced at him and mocked.
He continued, “Others had the same idea as you 200 years ago. They even managed to steal the Phantom Reaper technique. But guess what? No one has succeeded in mastering it till now.”
“Why not?” Alloy asked.
“Hmph! Why should I tell you?” Cyrus sneered.
Alloy’s eyes twitched in annoyance.
“Because the Phantom Reaper technique is based on an inherited tradition that cannot be explained in words,” Kaden said calmly.
He added, “Without the inherited memory and exceptional talent, nobody can succeed in mastering it, even with the method. Over a hundred experts have lost their minds trying to learn it. Some died, others went mad. In the end, no one dared to try again.”
“I see.” Alloy nodded. He had heard of the Phantom Reaper technique but didn’t understand it. After Kaden’s explanation, he realized how complicated it was.
A powerful secret technique lost for 200 years was clearly beyond ordinary reach.
###Chapter 2321 by Marina Vittori
“What the hell happened to George? He was defeated by the phantom without putting up a fight. What a disgrace!” Bill scowled at the battered George in the battle ring.
Everyone said George was strong and had incredible physical power. Yet, he couldn’t even handle a weak martial artist from Dragonmarsh. What a joke!
“There’s something off about that Dragonmarsh martial artist,” Jeremiah said earnestly.
He continued, “His attacks are extraordinary. They bypass physical defenses and protective barriers to strike the target’s soul. Unfortunately, that is Mr. Burroughs’ weak spot.”
They had expected George to win easily, but he met his nemesis, and the situation looked grim.
“Soul-targeting attacks? Isn’t that similar to vampires’ mind control?” Bill said indifferently.
He went on, “It may seem impressive, but it’s only effective against those with weak mental strength. It’s useless against a strong opponent.
“The problem is George’s mental strength is so weak that he’s even worse off than a human. If it were me, I’d kill the opponent in seconds.”
“This isn’t the time to gloat. If he dies in the ring, it will severely impact our plan. We need to find a way to help him, “Jeremiah said.
“It’s easy. His opponent might have strong mental power, but he’s physically weak. If George can get close to him, one punch should be enough to kill him,” Bill said.
Then, he added sarcastically, “Given George’s current condition, who knows if he can even get close.”
“No matter the outcome, we must give it a shot.”
Jeremiah stepped forward and focused his voice into a narrow, precise whisper to transmit his message to George in the battle ring. His lips moved slightly, but it was unclear what he was saying.
George seemed to sense something and tilted his head to listen without turning around. His eyes burned with a newfound ferocity when he got back on his feet.
“Oh? You can get up?” Jermaine raised an eyebrow in surprise as he watched George gradually rise to his feet.
Any martial artist of the same level would be mentally incapacitated and immobilized after a single hit from the Phantom Reaper technique. But George was still going strong after taking two hits. It seemed being built like a tank had its advantages.
George panted heavily, and his eyes locked on Jermaine. His legs bent slightly, his body lowered, and his every muscle tensed. His stance looked like a tiger ready to strike.
“Hmph! Still trying to resist? You really don’t know when to quit.” Jermaine sneered, and his killing intent grew stronger.
George didn’t say a word. After gathering his strength, he launched himself off the ground with a force that left a crater behind. He shot forward like a missile, leaving a blurred afterimage.
“Wow, he’s fast!” Jermaine’s eyes widened in surprise.
Without a moment to spare, he immediately used the Phantom Reaper technique and directed it toward George. This technique could instantly disable the target’s fighting ability with a mere touch.
“Die!”
As the phantom charged toward him, George didn’t flinch. He channeled all his energy and threw a powerful punch. A blazing red fist shadow appeared and hurtled toward Jermaine.
“What a petty trick!” Jermaine sneered. He directed the phantom to collide with the red fist shadow.
A sharp crack echoed through the arena.
At the moment of impact, the red fist shadow shattered into pieces. But the phantom continued relentlessly toward George and passed right through him.
He screamed in agony and collapsed on the spot. His body slid forward several feet before coming to a stop. Не sprawled on the ground, convulsing and bleeding from his orifices.
“Heh… You thought you had a chance? With my Phantom Reaper technique, you’re just a lamb waiting for slaughter. It’s like bringing a knife to a gunfight.” Jermaine laughed as he reveled in his apparent victory.
Just as he was about to bask in the glory and applause, he noticed the spectators ‘ odd expressions. They looked as if they had just seen something unbelievable.
“Huh?” Jermaine sensed something was off. He glanced down and froze.
A black blade had somehow pierced his chest, with its edge jutting out from his back. The blade, without a handle, was about three fingers wide. Blood dripped steadily from the sharp edge and stained the ground.
“How… How is this possible?” His eyes widened in disbelief. He had no idea when the blade had pierced his chest.
Throughout the fight, George’s movements had been under his control. Jermaine had used the Phantom Reaper technique to neutralize George’s attacks and then dealt a fatal blow.
Everything had gone smoothly with no apparent flaws. He couldn’t understand where the blade had come from. Was it a sneak attack from someone in the crowd?
Jermaine glanced around and parted his lips. But before he could say anything, his vision went black. He hit the ground hard, dead, with his eyes staring blankly ahead.
###Chapter 2322 by Marina Vittori
Jermaine was dead. His death caught everyone off guard, especially since they were confident he would win when he used the Phantom Reaper technique.
After all, the technique was a long-lost secret technique that was renowned two centuries ago. It was said to be unbeatable against opponents of the same level and capable of killing those beyond one’s rank.
The Phantom Reaper technique could bypass physical defenses and protective barriers to deliver a deadly blow straight at the target’s soul. Hence, it was impossible to withstand this attack without solid mental strength.
At first, everything went as expected. After Jermaine unleashed the Phantom Reaper technique, he completely dominated the fight without allowing George to counterattack.
But no one anticipated what happened next. One moment, Jermaine was confident and in control. The next, he was pierced through the heart and died on the spot.
The entire sequence of events happened so quickly that the spectators could barely process it.
“Dead… Is he dead?”
“What the hell happened?”
“It happened too fast! I couldn’t see a damn thing!”
The spectators stared in stunned silence at the body on the battle ring. They exchanged bewildered looks and couldn’t understand what they had just witnessed. Jermaine, who had been dominating the match, suddenly dropped dead.
“Faith, did you see that?” Alicia blinked in surprise, then turned to Grace.
She had just seen Jermaine controlling the phantom to defeat George by shattering the fist shadow and knocking him to the ground. So, how did Jermaine suddenly get stabbed, and with a single fatal strike?
“If I’m not mistaken, the blade came from Number 30’s body,” Grace said gravely.
She continued, “It looks like he has a unique power. He can transform the metal he consumes into weapons, which allows him to launch a sneak attack.”
“Transforming consumed metal into weapons? What kind of strange ability is that?” Aurora frowned.
Martial artists typically focused on physical training, energy manipulation, or various specialized techniques. But George wasn’t following any of these conventional paths. So, he must have rare, supernatural abilities that originated from foreign countries.
At first, he relied solely on his brute strength, which led everyone to underestimate him. This misjudgment created the perfect opportunity for his unexpected and lethal counterattack.
“So, is this part of the Giant’s plan?” Alicia frowned as she analyzed the situation.
She continued, “First, he used his fist shadow to distract Jermaine. Then, his body acted as bait to make Jermaine use the Phantom Reaper technique, which left him vulnerable. Ultimately, this Giant used his special ability to kill Jermaine with the blade.”
“Are you saying he through the Phantom Reaper technique’s weaknesses?” Aurora asked, surprised and skeptical.
She added, “No way. How can a foolish gorilla-like man have such keen insight or planning skills?”
The Phantom Reaper technique caused mental trauma. It could leave weaker opponents mentally incapacitated or even die on the spot.
Despite George’s strength, such a mental attack should have left him with a splitting headache. So, it was nearly impossible for him to stay calm or spot the technique’s weaknesses.
“If I’m not mistaken, he probably had help from someone skilled.” Alicia frowned as she glanced at Jeremiah and Bill.
The three of them were working together. The other two wouldn’t have stood by when George was in trouble.
They might have used some sort of secret communication to give George the edge he needed to turn the fight around. Though it looked like cheating, their actions were subtle enough to go unnoticed, and there was no concrete evidence to prove it.
“Ugh! How despicable! They resort to underhanded tactics if they can’t win. It’s revolting.” Aurora scoffed.
“I always knew those guys were up to no good. It’s a shame for Jermaine. He finally mastered the Phantom Reaper technique and could have made a name for himself. But who would have thought he’d died in the battle ring?” Alicia shook her head in disappointment.
Jermaine was so close to reaching grandmaster level. With his Phantom Reaper technique, he would’ve soared to greatness if he had made it. But he met a tragic end, which was truly lamentable.
“If I were Jermaine and had learned the Phantom Reaper technique, I would’ve kept it hidden until I was strong enough to protect myself before revealing it to the world,” Aurora said.
“Life is full of surprises. It’s too late to change anything now.” Alicia sighed.
A maniacal laughter erupted on the battle ring.
George, still reeling from the mental trauma, shakily got to his feet. Despite his pale face, sweat-soaked skin, and unsteady stance, he smiled triumphantly. He knew he had made the right call and claimed the victory.
“Dragonmarsh martial artist, your special abilities are impressive. You nearly defeated me, but unfortunately, I won in the end.”
George approached Jermaine’s lifeless body with a sneer. He raised his foot and stomped on Jermaine’s head.
There was a loud, sickening crack. Jermaine’s head exploded like a watermelon, splattering red and white everywhere.
###Chapter 2323 by Marina Vittori
The spectators erupted into chaos at the sight before them. They never expected George to be so ruthless.
Despite winning the match, he proceeded to stomp on Jermaine’s head. This act was not only brutal but also showed a complete disregard for humanity.
“Damn it! This Giant is out of control! He didn’t even leave Jermaine’s body intact. This is unacceptable.”
“I can’t stand this. If Jermaine hadn’t held back, this Giant would be dead already. How dare he flaunt his arrogance?”
“His ruthless behavior will catch up to him eventually.”
The spectators’ anger boiled over as they shouted curses at George.
Life and death were accepted as part of the match in the battle ring. Generally, everyone accepted that outcome without much protest.
However, the martial world valued leaving room for future encounters. If there was no deep-seated grudge, it was considered appropriate to determine the victor without resorting to complete annihilation.
George had killed Jermaine to win the match, and while brutal, it was within reason. But mutilating the body afterward crossed the line into pure inhumanity.
“He’s trying to intimidate us.” Aurora gritted her teeth.
“Fate can be cruel, but self-made misfortune is unforgivable,” Alicia replied. “His actions have ignited the fury of all the martial artists. Someone will give him a lesson he won’t forget in the next match.”
She narrowed her eyes. Her tone was calm, but a cold, unyielding fury burned in her gaze.
Jermaine was a prodigious talent skilled in the Phantom Reaper technique. He had been a marvel of the martial world, with limitless potential ahead of him. 2
His sudden demise was a significant blow to the martial world. The mutilation of his body afterward only deepened the outrage.
“Those who dared to come into our territory and provoke us today won’t make it out alive,” Fenley said coldly.
As Jermaine’s compatriot, Fenley couldn’t let this injustice slide. Anyone with a sense of justice and patriotism would never tolerate such behavior.
“The Dragonmarsh martial artists are nothing but weaklings.” George laughed maniacally as he stepped on Jermaine’s lifeless body. He didn’t care about the crowd’s reactions.
Oron frowned but stayed silent.
The match was free of restrictions. The referee could only intervene if the contestant surrendered or fell off the ring.
“Dammit! How dare you kill Jermaine? We’ll take you down!”
A furious shout erupted from the crowd. Immediately, a group of Soultech Union disciples brandished their weapons and shouted threats to tear George apart.
But as they advanced a few steps, a lightning bolt struck the ground just ten yards in front of them and created a smoldering crater. Upon seeing that, the disciples froze and were too terrified to advance.
“Matches are decided by fate. No open retaliation is allowed, or you’ll become our enemies,” Oron warned. 1
The Soultech Union disciples exchanged uneasy glances before retreating. Their eyes, filled with a burning desire for revenge, remained fixed on George.
“Contestant number 30 wins the third match,” Oron announced and ordered the removal of Jermaine’s body.
Despite the result, the applause was sparse. Only a few foreign spectators and contestants clapped.
“Listen up, Dragonmarsh martial artists! Next time, you’d better surrender right away when you face me, or you’ll end up like that guy,” George declared.
His voice was dripping with menace as he swaggered off the ring. Despite his previous injuries, his incredible recovery had him nearly back to full strength.
“Dammit! He’s so arrogant. One day, I’m going to kill him.”
“He’s just got lucky in that match. Big deal! Hmmph!”
“This Giant’s arrogance won’t last. Once he encounters our expert, he won’t leave in one piece.”
The spectators seethed with anger at George’s arrogance. But they could only curse at him to vent their frustrations.
“The match continues. Contestants number four and 29, please come forward.”
After cleaning the battle ring, Oron announced the start of the fourth match. The schedule was packed, and they couldn’t afford delays over one match’s outcome.
George’s fate would be revealed later, depending on future results.
As the spectators held their breath, two new contestants stepped into the battle ring.
###Chapter 2324 by Marina Vittori
Contestant number four, Titus McAllister, was a burly figure in a black tank top. His muscles were like chiseled stone. A vicious scar ran from the corner of his eye to his mouth. It added a menacing edge to his imposing presence.
On the other side, contestant number 29 was a strikingly handsome young man named Aldrian Lockwood. He appeared to be in his 20s, with long flowing hair and an azure steel sword in his hand. He looked suave and sophisticated, like a leading man from a classic romance. 1
As Aldrian made his entrance, many female spectators erupted into cheers. His popularity was evident from their enthusiastic reaction.
He greeted each cheer with a smile, signing autographs and posing for photos. His presence felt more like a celebrity at a fan meeting than a contestant in the ring.
Titus said nothing. He watched Aldrian with a calm, unflinching gaze.
After a while, Oron grew impatient. He stopped Aldrian’s endless fan interactions and called for the match to begin.
The moment Oron’s words fell, Titus, who had been quietly observing, sprang into action. He propelled himself forward like a cannonball with a single step and closed the distance to Aldrian.
His fists began to rain down with explosive force. They struck like thunder and a rapid barrage of blows that blurred in the air.
Aldrian, who was flirting with his pretty fan, immediately sobered up. His expression changed as he raised his arms to block the barrage of blows.
Titus’ fists were incredibly fast and powerful. Each punch landed with the force of a thunderclap, and the impact was terrifying.
Aldrian was forced to retreat, and he barely managed to block the blows. He had no chance to counterattack.
Although their skills were similar, Titus took advantage of Aldrian’s distraction. He struck first, so he gained the upper hand. He excelled in close combat, and his strength made his punches extremely effective at close range.
Aldrian was skilled with the sword and would have fared better if he had drawn it from the beginning. However, his arrogance led him to underestimate Titus. He had been too focused on charming his female fans, which left him unprepared for the fight.
At that instant, Aldrian didn’t even get a chance to draw his sword and was left to take a beating. Soon, his once- handsome face was covered in bruises. The scene shocked his female fans, who screamed in dismay.
He took a heavy punch and was sent flying several feet. He spat out blood, and his face turned pale. Before he could catch his breath, Titus’ fists crashed like a relentless storm.
The saying “kick a man when he was down” couldn’t be more fitting. Titus exploited Aldrian’s weakness and continued his fierce attack nonstop. He was determined to keep going until Aldrian was knocked out.
“Damn it! I’m not going down without a fight!” Aldrian was furious at Titus’s nonstop assault. He gathered his true energy and finally drew his azure steel sword while taking another punch.
With a clash, Aldrian was forced back a few steps, and he spat out blood. But he managed to slash Titus’ clothes with his sword, temporarily forcing him to retreat.
“Bastard! Now it’s my turn!” Aldrian spat blood on the ground. His once- handsome face was twisted with rage.
Titus didn’t respond. Instead, he closed the distance again. His fists hammered down with relentless force without showing any sign of stopping.
“Go to hell!” Aldrian was furious and unleashed his ultimate move. He swung his long sword, and true energy burst out of his body like threads.
The sword shadows gathered before him and formed a huge spinning ring. The ring of sword shadows spun wildly toward Titus at an incredible speed.
This move, known as the Executioner Technique, was Aldrian’s trump card. It had immense power and was capable of tearing the opponent apart.
However, the move was so draining that he rarely used it. If it failed, it would cost him his life. He was only using it now because he had no other choice.
“Hmph!” Titus faced the onslaught without flinching. He channeled his true energy to cover his body and charged forward.
The sword shadows ravaged everything in their path and shredded his tank top in the blink of an eye. The once-strong skin and muscle of his back were soon covered in deep cuts as blood flowed from the wounds.
Aldrian smirke at the sight. Anyone who dared to face his ultimate move head-on was practically courting death. But the next moment, his smile froze.
Titus had broken through the barrier of sword shadows and was heading toward him. Aldrian was momentarily stunned as he stared at the bloody figure and the rapidly approaching fist.
Before he could react, Titus landed a crushing blow on Aldrian’s face and sent him flying ten yards away. He hit the ground hard and was knocked out cold.
###Chapter 2325 by Marina Vittori
Titus didn’t finish off Aldrian after knocking him out. Instead, he stepped back and looked at Oron.
Oron nodded and quickly announced the match’s result.
The spectators erupted into applause. They had watched the fight closely and saw that Aldrian’s arrogance had led to his defeat.
Instead of focusing on the fight, he flirted with his fans, which left him vulnerable. So, Titus seized the opportunity with relentless aggression.
With their skills evenly matched, gaining the upper hand increased the chances of winning. Titus’ approach was fierce and relentless. He focused solely on delivering powerful punches without worrying about defense, energy consumption, or flashy moves.
Aldrian was forced to retreat and couldn’t find any opportunity to counterattack. By the time he realized his dire situation and tried to use his ultimate move despite his injuries, it was already too late to turn the tide.
At that point, he lacked the momentum and fighting spirit. Although he managed to execute his ultimate move, it wasn’t enough to turn the fight in his favor.
Titus didn’t give Aldrian a chance to showcase his abilities. He powered through it and ended the fight decisively. Though he sustained some minor injuries, they were superficial and easily treated with Haemoplenish and a bandage.
His smart approach was commendable. Every contestant who made it into the top 32 was strong, and any mistake could lead to defeat.
Aldrian’s outcome was a stark reminder to all the contestants that one should never underestimate their opponent, or they might end up in a humiliating defeat.
After the fourth match, the fifth, sixth, and seventh followed in quick succession. The following three matches were closely contested and thrilling, with both sides giving their all. 2
Ultimately, victory came down to who had more tricks and battle experience. Disciples from the major guilds often had the upper hand in this regard.
Once the seventh match concluded, it was time for the eighth.
After the battle ring was cleaned, Oron stepped back onto the ring and announced, “The eighth match is about to begin. Contestants number eight and 25, please come forward.”
A cloud of scarlet mist shot into the air and raced toward the ring. Just before it touched the ground, the mist quickly solidified into a strikingly handsome mixed-race man dressed in a suit with a sinister smile.
He was Bill Wolfe.
“It’s finally my turn.” He spread his arms wide and took a deep breath. “My claws have been itching for a fight, and I need the blood of a Dragonmarsh martial artist to quench my thirst.”
His sinister laughter made everyone frown.
Vampires were powerful and mysterious dark creatures. Those with noble bloodlines, like Bill, were especially dangerous.
While a top expert from the Heavenly Immortals might manage to handle him, an ordinary grandmaster would be at serious risk.
“Hey, kid! What are you waiting for? Get up here and face your doom!” After reveling in his bravado, Bill suddenly pointed in Dustin’s direction.
All eyes turned to Dustin.
“Dr. Rhys, it’s your turn. Be careful,” Alicia warned. “If you can’t hold your ground, surrender quickly. Don’t risk your life.”
Dustin was a young genius with exceptional medicinal and martial arts skills. He was also a consultant for the Celestial Alliance. She didn’t want to see such a valuable talent die.
“Yes, Dr. Rhys. Safety comes first. Winning or losing is secondary,” Aurora added.
Winning or losing was insignificant compared to the potential loss if he met the same fate as Jermaine. For the Celestial Alliance, that would be a huge setback.
“Thank you for your reminder, but I’ve got it covered,” Dustin said with a faint smile. He then stood up and walked toward the battle ring.
If he were facing a Dragonmarsh martial artist, he might show some leniency. However, since his opponent was a lackey of the Hall of Gods, he had no intention of holding back.
“Who is this guy? I don’t remember seeing him before.”
“Since he’s sitting with the Marshall sisters, he must be a new master from the Celestial Alliance.”
“Besides Fenley, who else from the Celestial Alliance is worth calling a master? I bet he’s the son of some Celestial Alliance elder to gain fame at the tournament. Unfortunately for him, he picked the wrong opponent. Whether he can even survive is up in the air.”
Dustin’s entrance sparked a lot of discussion among the spectators.
Anyone who made it to the top 32 was far from ordinary. They were either renowned experts or talented disciples from major guilds, and most were easily recognizable.
But Dustin was different. He was unknown and seemed like a nobody. Yet, he sat with high-ranking Celestial Alliance members, which made his identity challenging to figure out.
Under everyone’s watchful gaze, he calmly stepped onto the battle ring and locked eyes with Bill from a distance.
“Kid, I didn’t expect you to show up. I thought you’d be a coward.” Bill sneered as he sized up Dustin like a prey.
“I can’t stand rabid dogs that bite without reason. Today, I’m going to pull out your fangs and cut your claws, making you regret your foolishness,” Dustin said calmly.
“Okay, foolish Dragonmarsh martial artist. I’m going to show you what fear and despair feel like,” Bill snarled. His eyes were filled with menace.
###Chapter 2326
Chapter 2326 "Cut the crap. If you've got guts, come at me." Dustin raised one hand and made a challenging gesture. 
"You've got a death wish, kid!" Bill's anger flared instantly. 
Just as he was about to attack, he recalled something and stopped. He glanced at Oron warily and forcefully restrained his rage. 
In a fit of impulsiveness earlier, Bill had been blasted nearly to death by Oron's Stormcraft. Although he was now in the battle ring, Oron hadn't signaled the start of the match. 
If Bill acted rashly, it would only allow Oron a reason to intervene. He knew better than to mess with Oron again. 
"What's the matter? Afraid to make a move? Is that all you've got?" Dustin
scoffed. 
> "You—" Bill bared his fangs, and his chest heaved with fury. He was visibly furious and resolved to torture Dustin once the match began. 
"Are you ready?" Oron looked at them with a blank expression. I "I'm ready," Dustin replied with a nod. 
"Ready," Bill snarled, glaring fiercely at Dustin. 
"Good. The eighth match begins now!" Oron said before stepping down from the ring. 
"You're finally in my hand." Bill sneered as his sharp claws extended like blades. 
He added, "I'll give you one chance. Drop to your knees and beg for mercy, and I might spare your life and let you become my blood source. Otherwise, don't blame me for killing you."
+ "Is that so? I don't think you're up for it." Dustin looked indifferent as he stood with his hands behind his back. ￠ "Fine. I'll grant your wish today since you insist on seeking your demise." The moment Bill finished his threat, he vanished and reappeared behind Dustin with lightning speed. 
By the time the spectators realized what was happening, Bill had opened his ' bloody mouth and was ready to bite Dustin's neck. 
"Watch out!" Alicia and Aurora's faces turned pale while Crystal and Ruby stood up nervously. 
Though they had only recently met Dustin, they had come to value him as a friend over their time together. Now that he was in danger, they were understandably anxious. 
, Just as Bill's fangs were about to sink into Dustin's skin, a loud slap echoed through I theair. Then, Bill was sent flying backward. He tumbled across the ring before coming to a stop ten yards away. 
"What happened?" Everyone stared in confusion and couldn't make sense of it. From their perspective, Dustin had been facing away from Bill and hadn't moved at all. Yet, Bill had been inexplicably thrown back, which left them puzzled. 
At that moment, Bill struggled to his feet in a daze. His cheek was red and swollen, and he was confused about what had happened. It felt like he had been ambushed, and his face throbbed with pain. 
The area where he had been hit had a strange energy that suppressed his recovery ability. As a result, the swelling 1 on his face worsened. I
+ "Why you—" Bill glared at Dustin. Just as he was about to say something, his teeth I began to fall out one by one. Even his { vampire fangs were gone. =r He stood frozen and stared at his fangs on the ground and then at Dustin. His face began to twitch uncontrollably. 
Fangs were essential for feeding and symbolized the vampires' noble status. 
Hence, getting them knocked out was the ultimate insult and a direct blow to their pride. Such an offense almost always led to a fight to the death. 
"Bastard, I'm going to tear you to pieces!" After a moment of shock, Bill let out a beastly roar. His face twisted into a menacing snarl. His body trembled as a large cloud of scarlet mist erupted from his body and enveloped him. 
Shrouded in swirling scarlet mist, Bill lunged at Dustin. The mist shifted midair,
+ and it finally transformed into the shape of a massive Crimson Skullhead. 
The skull was over 30 feet wide. It- moved with incredible speed and continued to grow larger. As it approached Dustin, it loomed overhead like a dark cloud, which made escape impossible. 
"If I'm not mistaken, this is a vampire's secret technique. If a human martial artist comes into contact with this scarlet mist, they'll be reduced to nothing but blood, and no bones will be left behind. 
It's extremely deadly!" "That's it. Looks like Number Eight is done for today!" "Damn those vampires! We're going to lose another expert!" The spectators watched in frustration and dread as the massive Crimson Skullhead loomed over most of the battle ring. They could only watch as the skull swallowed Dustin. 
###Chapter 2327
Chapter 2327 "Kid, I'm going to turn you into a-puddie of blood." After the Crimson Skullhead devoured Dustin, Bill's triumphant laughter echoed through the venue. It filled the air with a chilling, lingering sound. { "Alicia, will Dr. Rhys be okay?" Aurora's face was tense with worry. 
Vampires' abilities were mysterious and fearsome, especially their scarlet mist that could corrode human flesh. It was deadlier than any divine weapon. Without strong cultivation, it was nearly impossible to fend off. 
"Calm down. Let's see how this plays out. 
I don't think he'll go down that easily." Alicia frowned, and her expression turned grim. Despite her words, her tightly clenched fists betrayed her anxiety,
Grace observed the anxious Marshall sisters with a smile and chose not to ' comment. Considering Dustin's strength, ￥ she believed that even someone like Bill or a vampire of earl status couldn't challenge him. 
On the other side, Dalen looked at the anxious Wesley sisters beside him with a faint smile. He lightly fanned himself and seemed calm. 
He said, "You two shouldn't worry so much. With Dustin's ability, dealing with those vampires shouldn't be an issue." "How can you be so sure?" Ruby frowned. 
"These vampires aren't ordinary opponents, and their methods are strange and difficult to defend against. 
One wrong move, and Dustin is doomed." She felt Dalen's optimism seemed misplaced. There were three foreign contestants, and two had already won. 
She couldn't shake the feeling of unease. 
I. "Just be patient and watch. I'm sure he won't let us down." Dalen smiled and chose not to elaborate further. His ps instincts were usually spot on, and he believed Dustin was far more dangerous than he appeared. 
"Something's not right. Look at that Crimson Skullhead!" Suddenly, Crystal's face tightened as she pointed toward the battle ring. 
~ Dalenand Ruby turned to see what she was talking about and quickly noticed something unusual. 
The scarlet mist around the Crimson Skullhead swirled erratically. It expanded and contracted unpredictably as if a giant hand were stirring it. This caused the skull to twist and become a grotesque, warped shape. 
Within a few seconds, the Crimson Skullhead and the surrounding mist began to shrink like a deflating balloon. 
Bill's voice cracked with panic. "How is this possible? You're absorbing my blood I energy? What on earth are you?" 9 Then, the scarlet mist surged violently, and he was thrown backward as if hit by a shockwave. He stumbled back ten yards, and his eyes widened in shock as he watched the Crimson Skullhead shrink before him. 
Bill's face turned pale, and his eyes were filled with confusion and fear. He had planned to use his vampire's inherent ability to turn Dustin into blood and finish the match quickly. But he quickly realized something was wrong. 
Dustin wasn't intimidated by his blood energy. Instead, his body began to generate a powerful suction that sucked all the surrounding blood energy. 
If Bill hadn't reacted quickly, he might have been drained dry. At that moment, I he wondered who the real vampire was in this encounter. 
The Crimson Skullhead shrank rapidly, and the surrounding mist vanished. 
Within a few breaths, what had once 4 dominated the battle ring had reduced to the size of a fist. 
Dustin stood while holding the Crimson Skullhead in his right hand. His expression remained calm and unfazed: "Is this the best your vampire race can do? I'm a bit disappointed," Dustin said, shaking his head. He then clenched his fist and crushed the skull. 
Bill's eyes widened in shock as he staggered back, and his face grew even paler. The blood energy, which had come from his body, had been destroyed. The loss was a significant blow to him. 
"Don't get too cocky! I don't know how you managed to escape, but if you underestimate our noble vampire race, you will pay dearly for your foolish arrogance!" Bill's face darkened with wrath. 
. "is that so? We'll see if you can back up your words." Dustin extended his hand and beckoned with a challenging gesture. 
He rarely encountered vampires and knew little about their abilities, so he took this opportunity to learn more about them. 
"If blood energy doesn't work, then I'll" tear you apart," Bill roared as his body began to transform. His hair grew rapidly and turned white. 
His once-slim physique became massive and muscular. His limbs thickened, and his handsome features twisted into a grotesque, fearsome visage. His eyes turned blood-red, and sharp fangs protruded from his mouth. 
Sharp bone spikes grew from his body, making him look even more terrifying. 
Where Bill had once been a striking nobleman, he was now a monstrous, bloodthirsty beast. 
###Chapter 2328
Chapter 2328 § "Whoa! What the heck is that? It's-so I hideous." "They say vampires are handsome men and beautiful women, but it's all just a facade. Once they show their true form, they become total beasts." "If I'm not mistaken, that must be the vampire's third form. It greatly enhances ? their physical abilities, which makes them faster and stronger. Number Eight is in danger now." The spectators murmured among themselves as they watched Bill transform into a beast-like creature. 
Most vampires had attractive appearances that could deceive anyone. 
But when vampires sacrificed their looks and became grotesque, their combat abilities greatly enhanced. At this stage, they were the most terrifying existence. 
"It looks like Mr. Wolfe is genuinely enraged. He has tapped into his noble "bloodline and awakened the third form while disregarding his appearance. This I is the final form of a vampire." Jeremiah narrowed his eyes and smiled faintly. 
He knew better than anyone the sheer power of the vampire's third form. It amplified their speed and strength while also boosting their defenses, recovery ability, and the sharpness of their claws. 
i Even Jeremiah would have struggled to win against them without tapping into his hidden potential. 
The vampire's third form was the strongest; a rare ability found only in a few nobles. The downside was that it made them grotesquely ugly. Vampires who valued their appearance usually avoided using this form unless necessary. 
So, Bill's willingness to lose his charm showed just how furious he was. 
"Hmph! That punk is just lucky to be born with a powerful bloodline, Unlike us, I who have to endure grueling training and. ￥ countless trials," George grumbled. 
I Despite his disdain, he felt a bit envious of Bill. 
I Vampires had naturally superior bodies and could become incredibly strong by growing up without extensive training. 
These were not what ordinary humans could achieve. 
"Vampires have their strengths, but humans have their advantages. Vampires are born powerful, but humans can bridge that gap and even surpass them through intense training," Jeremiah said. 
George said nothing and silently watched the transformed Bill on the stage. It was his first time seeing a vampire's third form, and he was curious about how powerful Bill would become. 
"Kid, dying at my hands today will be the greatest honor of your life." Bill slowly
straightened up. 
? His body was surrounded by swirling blood, and he looked like a demoi-from hell. His appearance was both menacing and terrifying. 
He continued, "Remember... I'm Bill Wolfe, the Shadow Prince of the Coven of I Blood Eclipse. From now on, I'll be the worst nightmare of every martial artist in I Dragonmarsh." "You transform? This is getting interesting." Dustin smirked as he took a genuine interest in the fight. With his transformation, Bill was now his worthy opponent. 
"The Shadow Prince of the Coven of Blood Eclipse? No wonder he's so powerful. Dr. Rhys is facing a real challenge now." Aurora frowned, and her expression turned serious. 
It was evident to everyone that Bill's transformation had significantly boosted
+ his power. Dustin was now facing an even greater threat. 
~"Ihope Dr. Rhys has some hiddenmoves, or this battle might not end well," Alicia muttered as she silently prayed. 
Vampires had a significant physical advantage over humans. What might be a fatal wound for a human was just a \ scratch for them. 
With Bill's awakened abilities, his powers far exceeded what Alicia had anticipated. 
Even with the silver dagger she had given Dustin, it might not have been enough to defeat Bill. 
"Kid, time to die!" Bill roared as his body reached its peak transformation, and he launched himself at Dustin. 
His foot slammed into the ground, which created a massive crater that sent debris flying. He shot forward like a missile. His speed was so fast that it left a blur of afterimages. 
Bill closed the distance of ten yards in an instant with a single, fierce lunge. His I claws, sharp as blades, slashed at { "Dustin's chest. Tm Unlike the previous sneak attack, this strike was all about speed, precision, and brutal force. It was nearly impossible to evade or block. g ! As the claws came hurtling toward him, Dustin remained perfectly still. He extended two fingers and tapped Bill's wrist. 
Aloud crack split the air. Bill's wrist burst, and his blood splattered everywhere. His sharp claws fell to the ground. 
"Huh?" His eyes widened in shock. 
Before he could process what happened, Dustin struck again, and his two fingers tapped Bill's chest. 
Another explosive burst followed. 
\ Bill was launched backward like he'd "been struck by a freight train, hurtling through the air for several yards. Ashe I flew, blood poured from him in torrents, like a storm of red rain. 
He slammed into the ground with a thunderous crash. As the dust settled, everyone could see the gaping hole in his chest. His bones and heart had I disappeared. 
###Chapter 2329
Chapter 2329 \ The spectators were stunned as they stared at Bill sprawling on the ground with blood pouring from his mouth. They were speechless, and their eyes widened I in shock. 
Everything happened in a blink—from Bill's aggressive charge to the shattering blow to his heart that had left him mortally wounded. It was a whirlwind of chaos that left everyone dumbstruck. 
The match had ended before anyone had a chance to process it. The outcome was so unexpected that it left the entire venue in stunned silence. 
"Am I seeing this right? Dr. Rhys won?" Aurora's eyes widened in disbelief as she stared at the battle ring. 
Just moments ago, she was worried that Bill would kill Dustin. To her surprise, the tables had turned,
Ty TV BRVNWS Dustin was calm, while Bill was on the brink and coughing up blood. The sudden "reversal felt almost surreal. A "One move... and he destroyed him?" Alicia was equally astonished. She knew Dustin was strong, but she hadn't I anticipated this level of strength. 
After his transformation, Bill reached a truly terrifying level of power. An ordinary grandmaster martial artist : would stand no chance against him. 
Alicia had expected a fierce, bloody match, but it ended abruptly and shockingly. The outcome was completely unexpected. 
"This is some extraordinary grandmaster internal energy. What kind of technique has he been cultivating?" Even the experienced Fenley was taken aback. 
When he saw Bill transform, he was genuinely worried for Dustin. He knew how formidable vampires could be after
Wr TO BONUS \ awakening their full potential. They were i capable of fighting far beyond normal limits, But to see a fully transformed vampire being defeated so decisively by Dustin was beyond belief. Even Fenley would I have struggled to achieve such a feat without using the Four Elements of God's Technique. 
He figured Dustin's strength was likely comparable to his own. He was surprised to discover that Alicia had such a formidable master on her side. Still, he was glad that Dustin was the Celestial Alliance consultant because his talents were a significant asset to their guild. 
"Are you finally showing your strength?" Grace smiled. She wasn't surprised by the outcome, As someone ranked first in the Legendary List, she would be concerned if Dustin couldn't handle a mere vampire. 
"See? What did I say? Dustin is strong. A, vampire doesn't stand a chance against him," Dalen said. His initial shock quickly gave way to a knowing grin. 
He had always believed that Dustin was a master in disguise. Even so, watching I him defeat Bill with a single move earlier was still quite a surprise to Dalen. 
Meanwhile, Crystal and Ruby were speechless. Dustin's strength had once again surpassed their expectations. They thought he might have a shot at breaking into the top three of this tournament. 
"Who is he? He's so powerful?" Alloy raised an eyebrow in surprise. He had done his homework on the top contestants but had no recollection of Dustin. 
Yet, Dustin's earlier performance was : nothing short of spectacular. To the untrained eye, it might seem like just
‘another match. But to an experienced master, it revealed something much deeper. 
a As a guildmaster, Alloy had a keen eye for talent that others might miss. He could see that Dustin wasn't just impressive— he was exceptional. 
"Yes, he's impressive. A real gem." Cyrus narrowed his eyes in thought. 
While most geniuses didn't register on his radar, Dustin's display of talent had piqued his interest. If Cyrus could take him under his wing and provide proper training, Dustin's future achievements might rival even Glenn's. 
Even Penelope, who had been silent, couldn't help but let out a dry, raspy chuckle. Her laughter was unsettling. 
"Madam Penelope, are you considering recruiting a disciple before the other A matches start? Isn't that a bit premature?" Cyrus remarked casually,
I a a * his gaze flicking over her, "I find this young man quite intriguing. 
Are you planning to compete with-me for him, Mr. Hadley?" She turned to him and smiled. 
"Everyone values talent. If the Mystic Arts Order wants him, so do we," Glenn I said bluntly. 
"If both of you are interested, I'll also join in the hunt," Alloy said. "Since this "young man has a connection with my guild, it's only right that he joins us." "Words alone won't settle this. The outcome will be decided by who can prove their worth." Glenn smiled coldly. 
"Fine by me." Alloy shrugged. 
"It's been a while since I've had a real challenge. I'll join the fun this time." Penelope laughed dryly. 
The three exchanged knowing glances as a silent understanding passed between
them. Later, they signaled their subordinates to start digging into ' Dustin's background. { The three major guilds were soon buzzing with activity. 
###Chapter 2330
Chapter 2330 The scene was lively below the stage but different on the battle ring. 
The arrogant and domineering Bill was I sprawled on the ground, spewing blood. 
I His face was deathly pale, and his eyes I widened in sheer terror as if he had seen a ghost. 
He couldn't believe he would be defeated ? even after awakening his bloodline and transforming into the third form. He wondered what Dustin had done. 
It seemed like a simple touch had drained his strength and torn through his chest. 
Throughout the entire fight, he hadn't sensed any energy fluctuations from Dustin. 
"No! This can't be happening. I'm from the noble bloodline. So, how can I lose to a mere human martial artist? It's impossible!" Bill's mind screamed in
disbelief. He couldn't accept the crushing reality. 
He gritted his teeth and summoned-his bloodline power again. Scarlet mist oozed from his wounds as it gradually flowed into the gaping hole. 
i ' As the blood energy revitalized him, the shape of a heart began to reform, with the surrounding flesh knitting itself together. 
The spectators watched in awe and horror. 
Was this the terrifying regeneration ability of vampires? Even with his heart shattered, Bill could regenerate it. He was an indestructible beast. Only someone with overwhelming strength could kill him. 
"You're pretty tough," Dustin said with a smirk, though he wasn't surprised. He had heard about the vampires’ resilience, which only confirmed the stories. 
Any human martial artist would've been dead multiple times over with injuries "like those, yet Bill was still clinging to life as he slowly regenerated his heart with his inherent ability. 
I If Bill had been a bit stronger, he might have been a real challenge. But for now, he was falling short. With that thought,’ Dustin strode forward and was ready to end the match. 
"Wait!" Bill's face paled, and he said weakly, "If you have the guts, give me some time so we can fight again." "Why? Do you have another trick up your sleeve?" Dustin asked tentatively. 
"Hmph! I underestimated you earlier. If we really went at it, I might not lose this time." Bill gritted his teeth. 
His pride refused to acknowledge defeat, especially at the hands of an unknown martial artist. For a noble bloodline, this was a disgrace. 
"If you have no more tricks, there's no point continuing this fight," Dustin said "calmly. He slowly lifted his index finger, - 4 and a focused beam of white light began to coalesce. 
I "I'll fight you with everything I've got!" Seeing that Dustin wasn't giving him a chance, Bill's face contorted with rage. - His body exploded into a swirling mass of scarlet mist that surged forward. The mist twisted and shifted unpredictably. 
"you've used this move before," Dustin said impassively. He pointed his index finger at the center of the scarlet mist. A beam of white light shot out and violently struck it. 
The explosion scattered the scarlet mist as it dissolved into nothingness without a trace. Then, a bloody figure silently appeared behind Dustin. 
Go to hell!" Bill snarled as his deadly fangs lunged for Dustin's neck. 
Though he was seriously injured, he could recover quickly with a fresh supply ' of blood. A martial artist like Dustin, with ￥ vigorous life force, was the perfect source of nourishment for vampires. 
I If Bill drained Dustin's blood, he would recover and significantly enhance his strength. When he thought victory was in his grasp, his breath caught. His body went rigid and suspended in midair. 
He looked down in shock to find Dustin had somehow turned around. Dustin gripped his neck with a single hand and lifted him effortlessly. 
"Let me repeat. You've used this move before." Dustin's face was expressionless as he tightened his grip. 
Bill's pale face quickly turned red as he struggled frantically. He could feel a terrifying energy brewing within Dustin. 
Once unleashed, Dustin could obliterate him instantly, regardless of his regeneration ability. 
Bill didn't understand where this power came from, but his instinct screamed danger. It was a force he had only felt \ when facing his father. i "No... Don't!" Bill's voice cracked with I fear. The instinct to survive overwhelmed I his arrogance and pride. He lowered his head and began to beg for his life. ' "Don't... don't kill me... I surrender... I surrender!" His screams echoed in desperation. 
It's too late to surrender now." Dustin tightened his grip. 
With a loud explosion, Bill's head and body burst apart like a balloon. Blood rained down in a gruesome shower that left scattered remnants behind. 
No matter how resilient, life couldn't withstand such annihilation. 
###Chapter 2331
Chapter 2331 4 Bill was dead. 
Dustin's single attack left nothing but scattered remains. No amount of recovery ability or inherent ability mattered against such overwhelming strength. I When facing a human martial artist, Dustin wouldn't go for the kill unless there was a deep-seated grudge. He would always leave a way out for his opponent. 
But vampires were different. They were ~~ enemies by nature, and it was a fight to the death in the battle ring. 
Bill's intentions were hostile as he treated humans as nothing more than pests. Someone like him was better off eliminated sooner rather than later. 
When he shouted, "I surrender," Oron could have intervened and called off the
fight. But he deliberately hesitated, almost as if giving Dustin the green light. 
After all, neither Jeremiah nor George had shown mercy to the Dragonmarsh martial artists. They even went so far as to torture their opponent's bodies after they were dead. 
As a result, most Dragonmarsh martial artists were fueled by shared anger and wanted to kill those three foreign contestants. 
"Good job! You did well!" "Dustin, you're amazing! You're making Dragonmarsh proud!" "Take that, vampires! You were arrogant, and now you're nothing but dust! Haha!" The spectator's cheers erupted like thunder as Bill was crushed into dust. 
After enduring back-to-back losses to foreign contestants, the spectators were frustrated. They felt like outsiders were
trampling on them, and anyone with pride would have been outraged. So, I Dustin's victory over Bill provided a much-needed relief. ul Dragonmarsh martial artists might compete fiercely in the matches, but when facing a foreign contestant, they set aside their differences and unite. It was all about standing together for the greater good. 
~~ "Ididn't expect Bill to die like that. This human martial artist is no ordinary fighter." George frowned and eyed Dustin with caution. I. 
Anyone who could kill Bill so quickly was not to be underestimated. George realized he was nowhere near Dustin's level, especially given how effortlessly Dustin had defeated Bill. 
"This place is packed with hidden talents. 
The martial artist here has incredible '~ strength. It looks like winning the tournament won't be easy." Jeremiah's 2/8
eyes flickered with uncertainty. 
He had expected Bill would easily secure a : spot in the top eight with his strength: But to his surprise, the vampire was obliterated in the first match. Losing such a powerful ally significantly reduced their chances of winning the tournament. 
'With Bill's distinctive status, the Coven of Blood Eclipse wouldn't take his death lightly. They likely ally with the Hall of Gods to confront the Dragonmarsh forces. On the bright side, this could work to their advantage. 
"The eighth match is over. 
Congratulations to contestant number eight for the victory." Oron quickly announced the result. 
The applause from the audience grew even more enthusiastic. 
Dustin's newfound fame attracted the I ; _ attention of several major guilds, especially the Dragonmarsh Mighty
--. 
Three. They were engaged in a fierce, strategic competition—openly and ' behind the scenes—to recruit him. ￠ At that moment, a Celestial Alliance elder stood behind Alloy and whispered, "Mr. 
Marshall, we've completed our investigation. 
"The young man's name is Dustin Rhys. 
His background is quite mysterious. He I was the one who saved Ms. Alicia when I she was poisoned and in critical condition. She later offered him a position as our guild's consultant." "Impressive! It's amazing how heroes can come from such a young age." Alloy's eyes lit up with delight. 
He was thrilled to learn that Dustin had saved his daughter and became a consultant for the Celestial Alliance. It was a fantastic turn of events, and he had gained an extraordinary talent without '~ any effort,
, "You two heard that, right? Dustin is already part of the Celestial Alliance, so I you might as well give up." He smiled K smugly. Be Although he didn't have sons, his two daughters were capable and surprised I him with something unexpected. 
Cyrus frowned at Alloy's smugness and was about to speak when an elder from the Sword Union approached and whispered something in his ear. After I listening, Cyrus's frown eased, and he sneered. 
At the same time, Penelope, seated on the right, appeared more composed after hearing her subordinate's report. 
"Mr. Marshall, don't get too excited. A consultant is just an honorary position without authority or responsibilities. So, he doesn't count as a member of your guild," Cyrus said coldly. 
"It doesn't matter, Though Dustin is just
.aconsultant, I'll promote him to become an elder once the tournament ends. So, "this should end any ions you might have, right?" Alloy replied with a sly smile. 
"An elder? Hmph! That depends on whether he's interested." Cyrus laughed. 
He added, "To be honest, Dustin is very I close with several Sword Union disciples, to the extent of a life-and-death bond. 
"I plan to make him my best student and teach him my guild's secret techniques. 
How can you compete with that? Oh, and : by the way, Dustin is a swordsman." Alloy's smile slowly faded, and his eyes narrowed. He knew becoming Cyrus' best student was a dream for any swordsman. 
If Cyrus offered Dustin their secret techniques, it could be very tempting. It looked like Cyrus was prepared to put a , lot of resources into recruiting Dustin. 
###Chapter 2332
Chapter 2332 1 I Penelope suddenly spoke up. : "Gentlemen, this young man has a deep history with my guild. So, it's still a mystery which guild he'll join." Her withered face held a knowing smile. 
Earlier, her subordinate had reported that Dustin was very close to Abigail. Since joining the Mystic Arts Order, Abigail had never been this close with any man, especially not on their first meeting. 
Although Dustin had changed his appearance, Penelope suspected he was Logan Rhys, who was ranked first on the Legendary List. He was also the future Prince of West Lucozia. 
She thought it was unrealistic for someone of his stature to join any guild in the martial world. Even if he wanted to, the palace would never approve, I Penelope's motive for getting involved
, was simply to enjoy the spectacle. She looked forward to seeing Alloy and Cyrus’ ' frustrated expressions when their ￠ attempts to recruit Dustin failed. The thought of their dismay amused her greatly. 
"Madam Penelope, the martial world has always kept its distance from your Mystic 4 Arts Order. Besides, your techniques are I unsuitable for ordinary people. Why involve yourself in this?" Cyrus said I ? indifferently. 
"He's right," Alloy chimed in. "Some things are just not meant to be. This d young man doesn't seem fit for your guild. Perhaps you should give up." Although he was competing with Cyrus, Alloy would be happy not to deal with another strong rival. 
"You never know until you try. He might find my advanced techniques appealing." /- Penelope smiled slyly. 
"We'll see," Cyrus said calmly. 
> He was confident that with the Sword I Union's prestigious reputation and his personal training, no one could resist joining. Their guild was known as the ultimate place for swordsmen, and everyone aspired to be part of it. 
"Since both of you are so interested, I can't wait to see how it turns out," Alloy said with a smile. He chose not to add anything further. 
Dustin was already a consultant for the Celestial Alliance and had a close relationship with Alicia and Aurora. If Alloy played the matchmaker, he could have a valuable son-in-law. 
Afterall, his daughters were stunning, and having Dustin as a son-in-law would be more beneficial than having him as a best student, After Dustin's victory, the next match began,
, Oron stepped onto the battle ring and announced loudly, "The ninth match is I about to start. Please welcome : contestants number nine and 24 to the ring." Then, a young man in black with a cold gaze floated onto the ring. He wore a half Hellfire mask and carried a large box made of black gold on his back. 
The box was two feet wide and six feet long. It resembled a small coffin, and he slung it diagonally on his back. 
When the masked man placed the box on the ground, it made a heavy thud. The impact caused the battle ring to tremble slightly. 
"He's carrying a black gold box and wearing a Hellfire mask. Could this be Sam Dawson from the Dawson Clan?" After the masked man took his position, it didn't take long for someone to recognize him, I
- TT , "Sam Dawson? He's ranked ninth on the Legendary List." "Rumor has it that he has high —— cultivation and is an expert in hidden weapons and poison. He's known for his brutality. Crossing him could lead to losing your limbs or, at worst, severe internal injuries such as ruptured g intestines." "That black gold box must be the Dawson Clan's sacred weapon, the thousand- talon coffer. It's rumored to contain thousands of hidden weapons. Once unleashed, no one can stop them. Evena grandmaster martial artist would be obliterated beyond recognition. It's truly terrifying." "With the thousand-talon coffer in tow, Sam must be gunning for the tournament." The spectators murmured among '~ themselves,
, Every martial artist on the Legendary List was a top-tier talent, and Sam was no "different. Ata young age, he had already become a grandmaster. He also excelled in using hidden weapons and poisons. 
He would definitely rank among the top three on the Legendary List based on sheer destructive power alone. Given his skill and the Dawson Clan's sacred weapon, the thousand-talon coffer, he was a strong contender for the , tournament. 
"Damn it! Why do I have to face such a tough opponent now?" Sitting among the Sacred Wyrm Summit disciples, Caleb looked at his number and sighed exasperatedly. 
He had hoped to advance to the top eight with minimal effort. But now, he needed to face a formidable opponent from the Legendary List in the first round. This / unexpected challenge was more than he "had bargained for, I
"Contestant number 24, please come to the ring," Oron shouted again. 
: Al Seeing that Caleb didn't respond, Oron shot him a piercing glare, which meant there would be consequences for backing down. 
Under the pressure of Oron's intimidating stare, Caleb reluctantly stood up and walked toward the battle ring. If he had his way, he would have conceded. 
He wondered why they had to engage in such violent matches when he could have been comfortably sleeping at home. ) Unfortunately, his elders had given strict orders. If Caleb didn't perform well, he wouldn't have a moment's peace in the future. He had no choice but to brace himself and face the challenge. 
###Chapter 2333
Chapter 2333 "My life is so miserable!" Caleb grumbled and sighed as he walked onto the battle ring. 
Oron frowned at his lack of enthusiasm. 
How could this punk have no fighting spirit? After all, he was one of Sacred Wrym Summit's most talented disciples. 
Shouldn't he show a bit more enthusiasm? "Whoa! Sage Foyer's star disciple is entering the ring. This is going to be f exciting." "I've heard that he's the most gifted disciple Sacred Wyrm Summit has seen in a century. He's not even 20, yet he's already mastered the Glow Incantation and Stormcraft. Plus, he's skilled in Divine Talisman techniques. He's even _outshining his mentor."
"Caleb's talented, but he's still young. 
\ He's almost ten years younger than Sam, ' so his chances of winning are slim." "That's right. Sam's ranked ninth on the Legendary List. His cultivation and I techniques are on another level. Caleb is nowhere near his level." As Caleb made his entrance, the spectators started murmuring. 
Those who ranked on the Legendary List ' were in a league of their own. Only those who made it onto that list were considered geniuses. Even the most / promising talents fell short if they didn't ) earn a spot on the list. 
Caleb might be the Pathfinder Guild's genius, but he was still a few years away from making it onto the Legendary List. 
With Sam using the Dawson Clan's sacred weapon, Caleb's chances of winning were slim. This match was about whether Caleb could showcase his abilities. 
"Mr. Oron," Caleb greeted respectfully as he stepped onto the battle ring. 
"Don't think about slacking off," ?ron said coldly. "If you don't give it your best, you'll face three years of meditation and no meat!" "What? No meat for three years?" Caleh's eye twitched, and he pulled a face. "Mr. 
Oron, that's too harsh!" He wasn't bothered by the idea of ' meditating as a punishment since he could catch some sleep anywhere. But three years without meat? That would drive him insane. 
'T know you well," Oron replied. "If I'm not tough on you, you won't put in any effort." "Fine. I'll do my best, but I can't guarantee a win," Caleb said with a shrug. 
"I'm not asking for a win," Oron said ’~ seriously. "But you can't let others think
we're running out of talent." bh "Got it." Caleb nodded and turned his y attention to Sam. He said politely; *F'm Caleb Foyer from Sacred Wyrm Summit. " "I'm Sam Dawson from the Dawson Clan," Sam replied indifferently. His voice was as cold as his expression l hidden behind the Hellfire mask. 
"Are both contestants ready?" Oron looked between the two. Once they nodded, he raised his hand and declared, "The ninth match begins now." With that, he stepped off the stage. N "Between the Dawson Clan's hidden weapons and Sacred Wyrm Summit's spiritual technique, who do you think has the upper hand?" Aurora asked enthusiastically from the stands. 
gam is ranked on the Legendary List. His strength is formidable, and with the Dawson Clan's sacred weapon, the
thousand -talon coffer, he should have a victory rate of over 90%," Fenley replied. 
He knew little about Caleb, but he was \ I familiar with Sam. Even Fenley would struggle to match Sam's power with the I thousand-talon coffer. 
Grace offered a different view. "The I Dawson Clan's hidden weapons aren't ideal for the battle ring. 
"On the other hand, Sacred Wrym Summit's Glow Incantation and Stormcraft offer offense and defense, which can partially neutralize Sam's attacks. So, I believe Caleb stands a good chance." Caleb's skill in spiritual techniques was rumored to exceed Kaden's and could even rival Arion's. Standard criteria couldn't measure a genius like Caleb. 
Moreover, the Legendary List rankings were merely guidelines and didn't reflect y- absolute power. 
"Dr. Rhys, what's your opinion?" Alicia asked, looking at Dustin. 
1 / Since defeating Bill, Dustin's status-had I risen significantly. Many forces were eager to recruit him. 
Dustin pondered briefly and then answered, "It's hard to say. Bothare I exceptional. If I had to choose, I'd say it's a 50-50 shot." Sam might have a slight edge based on cultivation, but the outcome would depend on more than that. Techniques and hidden strategies would also play a crucial role. 
"Looks like everyone has a different view on this match. Let's wait and see who wins," Alicia said with a smile. 
In the battle ring, the outcome could change in an instant. It was often unclear who would win until the very last moment. 
Sam and Caleb faced each other from a distance. Sam's cold expression and ' commanding presence contrasted h sharply with Caleb's dejected and hesitant stance. 
I After a brief standoff, Sam sprang into I action. With a swift flick of his wrist, a barrage of hidden weapons shot out from his sleeve. 
The weapons shot out with blinding speed, their cold gleam slicing through the air and causing sonic booms. They advanced like relentless missiles and were seemingly unstoppable in their path. 
###Chapter 2334
Chapter 2334 As the hidden weapons shot toward -him, Caleb seemed to anticipate their arrival. 
He raised his middle and index fingers and murmured an incantation. 
Suddenly, a golden light enveloped him, The weapons hit the light with sharp clangs but were deflected without leaving a mark. 
"He's using the Glow Incantation technique?" Sam raised his eyebrows in surprise. 
The Glow Incantation was Sacred Wrym Summit's signature technique, and mastering it required decades of intense training. At only 20, Caleb had already mastered it, which showcased his remarkable talent. 
However, Sam knew Caleb's skill wasn't L enough to challenge him. He understood that the effectiveness of the Glow
Incantation depended on Caleb's cultivation, and his youth meant his ! foundation was still developing, He believed he could break through Caleb's defenses if he continued to attack. 
So, he quickly waved his sleeves to send a torrent of hidden weapons toward Caleb. 
Though they appeared ordinary, each weapon packed the power to pierce dark steel. 
"Again?" Caleb's gaze sharpened. He chose not to take the hit directly. Instead, he used his toes to push off and jumped into the air. d The Glow Incantation provided strong defense but was draining to maintain. He realized he didn't need to fight head-on when he could avoid it. 
The hidden weapons zipped past under his feet without touching him. Just as he thought he had dodged the attack, Sam y - flicked his fingers to redirect the projectiles toward him. 
suddenly, the weapons shot up and curved midair. They surged toward Caleb in a dense, relentless swarm. q "Whoa! He can do that?" Is this the hidden weapon techniques of I the Dawson Clan? Impressive." I "The Dawson Clan's hidden weapons are renowned. Their skills must be extraordinary to gain such fame in the martial world." The spectators were stunned by the sudden turn of events. They had always thought hidden weapons traveled in a A straight line, with skill only affecting their power. Even the most skilled experts could only slightly alter a weapon's path. 
But Sam's ability to make the hidden weapon turn midair and return was something they had never seen before. To them, it was almost like casting a spell. 
"This is a real nuisance," Caleb thought as he faced a barrage of thrown weapons. 
' with no way to dodge, he used the Glow 4 Incantation again. E As the golden light emerged, the incoming projectiles were blocked by the light and created a series of sharp clanging sounds. While these hidden weapons couldn't cause serious injury, they took a toll on him. 
While Caleb was busy defending himself, sam launched another attack. With a swift flick of his sleeve, three Frost Needles shot toward Caleb's back. i These needles could disrupt a grandmaster's internal energy, breaking their defenses and freezing them. Many grandmasters had fallen victim to these deadly needles. 
"Hmm?" Caleb sensed the threat and quickly turned. 
With a flash of light between his fingers,
he pointed at the Frost Needles. A bolt of blue lightning shot from his fingertips and precisely struck the needles. N The three Frost Needles exploded and scattered cold air everywhere. 
Caleb landed smoothly from his descent. 
If those needles had hit him while he was in midair, even a brief freeze would have given Sam the chance to finish him off. 
Sam was ranked ninth on the Legendary List and was indeed formidable. Every move he made was deadly. 
ngtormeraft?" Sam paused his attackand studied Caleb closely. 
Caleb had mastered the Glow Incantation and Stormcraft techniques. Sam realized this monk was exceptional and shouldn't be underestimated. He knew he had to take the match seriously and no longer hesitated. 
Sam placed the Dawson Clan's sacred
artifact, the thousand-talon coffer, in front of him and tapped it lightly. The gears inside began to turn, and a small 4 hatch at the top opened. Three dark beams shot out and hovered in front of him. 
I The spectators noticed that the beams were three black short swords. They radiated cold energy and floated in mid- air without any visible support. They were rare magical artifacts. 
n I J ic H n Wow! Sam is going all out. 
"He's using the thousand-talon coffer. 
The monk is in grave danger." Everyone watched in anticipation. 
"Go!" Sam pointed at Caleb. 
The three black swords sped toward Caleb with lightning speed and aimed directly at his face. 
###Chapter2335
Caleb stared at the three swords heading toward him and decided not I to take them head-on. Instead, he moved at lightning speed, which left a trail of afterimages as he evaded the attack. 
At that instant, Sam flicked his fingers. The three swords that had missed the target immediately turned around and sped toward Caleb's back. 
Caleb raised his fingers, and the golden light enveloped his body. 
The three swords hit the light but didn't bounce off. Instead, they began spinning rapidly as their sharp tips drilled into the light, creating a shower of sparks. The once-impenetrable golden light now rippled slightly. 
"Huh?" Caleb frowned. 
He was surprised by the effectiveness of the treasures from the thousand-talon coffer. They were durable and sharp and seemed to have their own will, which made them difficult to deal with. 
Go!" At that moment, Sam tapped the thousand -talon coffer again. 
A red shadow shot out—it was a fiery red arrow. The arrow was made of an unknown metal, filled with energy, and surrounded by flames. 
Go!" Sam pointed at Caleb, and the red arrow flew through the air with a whoosh. 
= moms i it flew, a torrent of searing flames erupted from the arrow. In the blink of an eye, the arrow transformed into a roaring fire dragon, its maw open and claws extended, charging at Caleb, "'Stormcraft!" Caleb didn't dare to take chances. He quickly formed a hand seal with his fingers and shot a bolt of blue lightning at the fire dragon. 
The lightning struck with a thunderous crack and exploded on impact. 
The energy surged and created a powerful gust of wind. 
The fire dragon and the lightning vanished. The red arrow returned to its original form and was knocked away. 
"Go!" Sam's expression remained impassive as he tapped the thousand-talon coffer again. 
The next second, three black iron balls shot out. Each ball was about the size of a fist and appeared ordinary, but it was covered with pinholes. These were the Dawson Clan's deadly weapons known as Phantom Blooms. 
Unlike those used by regular disciples, Sam's Phantom Blooms had been enhanced. They were more powerful and more poisonous. Even a grandmaster martial artist would be doomed if struck in a vital spot. 
"Go!" he commanded with a flick of his wrist. 
The three Phantom Blooms flew toward Caleb. When they were ten yards away from him, the balls exploded. Thousands of poison needles
burst forth and rained down on him, we The needles were laced with the internal energy-draining effect. While not as deadly as the Frost Needle, their overwhelming numbers made them just as dangerous. At such close range, few could defend against this kind of attack. 
Caleb's Stormcraft was useless against such a dense attack. The Glow Incantation could protect him, but his energy would drain if he continued to use it. 
He had no choice but to use another technique, the Divine Talisman. 
He pulled out a white talisman with a quick flick of his wrist. 
"Seal!" Caleb shouted as he tossed the white talisman forward. 
The talisman exploded midair and released a thick white mist that engulfed the incoming poison needles. The needles, lethal and swift, instantly froze solid. They lost their momentum and dropped to the ground with a faint clatter. 
"Oh? You've mastered the Divine Talisman, too?" Sam's cold expression finally showed a hint of surprise. 
The Sacred Wyrm Summit had three signature techniques—the Glow Incantation, Stormcraft, and the Divine Talisman. 
The Glow Incantation was primarily defensive, while Stormcraft focused on offense. Many monks at Sacred Wyrm Summit had mastered these techniques. 
3/5
ult N J +25 BONUS However, the Divine Talisman technique was more complex and challenging to master than those two techniques combined. Hence, only a handful had truly mastered it, and every one of them was a legend in the martial world. 
Kaden, the newly appointed sage, and Oron, the revered elder of Sacred Wyrm Summit, were prime examples. But these men were nearly 50 years old. 
However, Caleb wasn't even 20 and had already mastered the three signature techniques. His talent could no longer be described as gifted but phenomenal. 
He could easily break into the Legendary List or even claim the top spot after a few more years of cultivation. 
First, there was Arion, and now Caleb. The Sacred Wyrm Summit seemed to be a breeding ground for phenomenal talent. 
Despite his astonishment, Sam remained confident. Caleb might be extraordinary, but so was he. With the thousand-talon coffer in his hands, he believed he could take on anyone, including Glenn and Logan, both ranked first on the Legendary List. 
"Caleb, show me what your divine talisman can do," Sam declared. His hands swiftly slapped the thousand-talon coffer, one on the left and one on the right. I "Thousand-talon coffer! Open!" I A
hac J +25 BONUS. 
As soon as he spoke, the coffer split open with a loud crack, forming a sharp "V" shape. In the next instant, hundreds of hidden weapons erupted from within. 
The weapons shot out in a blinding torrent and filled the air with a dazzling array of deadly projectiles. Each was crafted with such precision and power that even a grandmaster martial artist would fall before them. 
With all the weapons deployed, the scene was set for destruction on a massive scale. 
###Chapter 2336
"Is this the Dawson Clan's sacred weapon? It's terrifying," "Damn! Sam is going all out right from the start. He's not holding back at all." The spectators stared in shock as countless hidden weapons hovered above the battle ring. 
They thought the thousand-talon coffer was just a name, but they never expected it to contain over a thousand different weapons. The sight was overwhelming, and it was enough to make their skin crawl. 
Even more alarming was that none of the weapons inside the thousand-talon coffer were ordinary. Each one could be considered a deadly weapon. If a typical martial artist got their hands on just one, it would be enough to make them famous. 
But Sam had unleashed thousands of these deadly weapons all at once. 
Who could withstand that? "Oh no! Caleb is in danger." Aurora's expression tensed as she watched from the stand. 
She hadn't expected the thousand-talon coffer to contain so many powerful weapons. If Sam unleashed them all at once, Caleb would be 1/5
"If Sam hadn't brought out the thousand-talon coffer, the fight might still be anyone's game. But now that he has used it, Caleb doesn't stand a chance," Fenley said, shaking his head. 
Even he knew he would have to go all out when facing the Dawson Clan's sacred artifact. 
"What a shame," Alicia said, shaking her head regretfully. 
She didn't like Sam and hoped Caleb would win. But now, that hope seemed nearly impossible. 
Suddenly, Alloy said, "Sage Foyer, your disciple is impressive for someone so young. He had even mastered the Divine Talisman. 
Unfortunately, he's up against a tough opponent. If he doesn't concede soon, he might be in danger." "TI wouldn't be so sure about that." Before Kaden spoke, Cyrus interrupted with a sneer. "If he were one of your Celestial Alliance disciples, he would be as good as dead. 
"But the Sacred Wrym Summit disciple is different. With the Glow Incantation for protection and Stormcraft and Divine Talismans backing it up, there's still a chance he could win." Cyrus knew firsthand the terrifying power of Sacred Wrym Summit's three great techniques. 
Years ago, he was brimming with confidence in his swordsmanship 2/5
: J *25BONUS skills. So, he wanted to challenge Arion for the world's most extraordinary title. 
Arion used the Glow Incantation and endured Cyrus' attacks for half an hour without a scratch. Frustrated, he criticized Arion for being a coward who only knew how to defend himself. 
Then, a single strike of Stormcraft left Cyrus severely injured, and he spent a month bedridden. Since then, he had given up any dreams of claiming the world's most extraordinary title. 
Of course, Caleb couldn't be compared to Arion. However, the Sacred Wrym Summit techniques were formidable. 
If Caleb honed the Glow Incantation and Stormecraft to their peak, he would be more than capable of defending himself. 
Alloy said with a smirk, "The effectiveness of the Glow Incantation and Stormcraft depends on who uses them. Caleb is talented, but he's still young and lacks experience. 
"With Dawson Clan's thousand-talon coffer, continuous attacks will quickly drain his internal energy. Without it, how can he use the Glow Incantation?" The Glow Incantation was impressive, but the Dawson Clan's hidden weapons had a knack for breaking through protection armor energy. A relentless barrage of these attacks could easily overwhelm Caleb. 
"Hmph! There's no point in arguing. Let's see how this unfolds," 3/5
: .. . : : NT Cyrus said with a dismissive scoff. He wasn't interested in further debate with Alloy. 
As the two men bickered, Kaden smiled wryly and said nothing. 
Sam raised his hand on the battle ring, and hundreds of hidden weapons floated into the air as they targeted Caleb. 
"Here's your chance," Sam said coldly. "Surrender now, or these weapons will kill you on the spot." "Thanks for the warning, but I'd like to try my luck." Caleb's expression hardened as the golden light enveloped his body and strengthened his defenses. 
"Your Glow Incantation won't stop my hidden weapons. Are you trying to get yourself killed?" Sam frowned. 
He didn't want to make enemies with Sacred Wrym Summit. But if Caleb were going to be reckless, he wouldn't hold back. 
"Whether I live or die is up to fate. I'll do my best," Caleb said calmly, his gaze steady. 
"Very well. Then, I won't hold back." Sam snorted as he gave no further warning. He raised his hand and unleashed a storm of hidden weapons at Caleb with a single motion. 
Thousands of deadly projectiles erupted from all directions and poured down like a relentless torrent. The air was filled with the thunderous rush of the attack, as each weapon carried a sense of sheer 4/5
J +25 BONUS. 
terror. 
The spectators below the ring gasped, and their eyes widened with disbelief at the overwhelming display. 
The sight of thousands of weapons unleashed in such a coordinated assault was breathtaking. The force seemed capable of tearing the sky apart, which sent chills down everyone's spines. 
As the deadly barrage descended, Caleb didn't advance but instead retreated. He transformed into a streak of gold light that barreled straight at Sam. 
Caleb had a strategy in mind— defeat Sam, and the onslaught of hidden weapons would be rendered useless. 
###Chapter 2337
] ~ Chapter 2337 "you're just a foolish moth drawn to the flame." Sam sneered. 
Even if Caleb pushed the Glow Incantation to its limit, he couldn't withstand the thousand- talon coffer's power. 
The weapons within the coffer were not only immensely destructive but also carried various special attributes—wind, fire, thunder, lightning, ice, and different toxins. 
Some of these explicitly targeted protection armor energy, which made it highly effective against the Glow Incantation. 
Sam knew that Caleb wouldn't be able to break through the assault with just his Glow Incantation. The only way to win was to exhaust Caleb. 
As Caleb barrelled halfway, a storm of hidden weapons began to pour down. Before long, the onslaught completely engulfed him. 
The battle ring was illuminated with bursts of light accompanied by continuous explosions, and energy waves surged like tidal waves. 
"'Stormcraft!" Amidst the swirling dust and smoke, a blinding bolt of blue lightning erupted. The lightning spread rapidly and formed a net that struck out indiscriminately in all directions. 
Hidden weapons caught in the lightning's path fell from the sky, Ek clattering like rain. While the lightning brought down many of the incoming attacks, more and fiercer projectiles continued to pummel the golden figure. 
Each wave of attacks dimmed the golden light surrounding the figure. 
At this rate, Caleb's shield would be gone within a minute. 
"Heaven, Earth, Gale, Thunderstorm, Abyss, Inferno, Peak, Torrent!" Suddenly, the golden figure waved his hands and sent out eight different-colored divine talismans. 
These talismans spun rapidly, and a fierce wind began to whip up, sending sand and debris flying. The terrifying energy began to ripple through the air. 
"Wow! Am I seeing this right? Is that really the Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman?" "Damn! How can someone so young use this technique? That's insane!" "Only the highest-ranked elders of Sacred Wrym Summit could master this secret technique. Could it be that Caleb has already mastered the Divine Talisman?" "He's a real talent. A phenomenal talent!" The spectators were shocked as they watched the eight glowing figures spinning in the sky. 
Achieving mastery of the Glow Incantation was already a monumental “achievement as it required decades of rigorous training. The same went for Stormcraft. 
Caleb mastered both techniques at an incredibly young age. This accomplishment had earned him the title of a once-in-a-century genius from Sacred Wyrm Summit. 
But no one could have anticipated that he would also master the Divine Talisman. It was beyond belief. 
At under 20 years old, having mastered all three of Sacred Wyrm Summit's legendary techniques was nothing short of miraculous. Was he even human? Even the renowned Ancient Sage, Arion, might not have reached this level in his prime. It was terrifying. 
Alloy, Cyrus, and Penelope, seated in the main seats, were taken aback at that moment. At first, they thought Caleb was merely at a beginner stage in the Divine Talisman. They were shocked to discover he had mastered it to a remarkable degree. 
Unlike the Glow Incantation and Stormcraft, the Divine Talisman required exceptional talent and understanding. Most disciples from Sacred Wrym Summit would struggle to learn it in their lifetimes. 
Despite being under 20, Caleb had already mastered the Divine Talisman, the Glow Incantation, and Stormcraft. His skill was truly awe-inspiring. i i 3/￠
Alloy, Cyrus, and Penelope exchanged concerned glances. oy The Sacred Wrym Summit was a breeding ground for phenomenal talents—first Arion and now Caleb. The Sacred Wyrm Summit would ~ become the dominant force for the next century. 
"Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman, huh? I don't believe it can stop my thousand-talon coffer." Sam's expression shifted from shock to fierce determination as he prepared to go all out. 
Although the Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman was powerful, he had the Dawson Clan's sacred artifact in his hands, which still offered a strong defense. 
"Rising Tide!" Sam channeled his immense mental energy and slammed his hand onto the thousand-talon coffer. 
The coffer began to shake violently. It emitted a blinding white light that spread and filled the battle ring. After the flash of light, all the fallen hidden weapons rose back into the air and continued their assault on Caleb. 
The thousand- talon coffer's advantage was its ability to control thousands of hidden weapons simultaneously. As long as the coffer remained intact, it could keep attacking indefinitely. No one could stop it. 
"Advance, Combatants, Engage, Entirety, Form, Lines, March Forward!"
‘Surrounded by the golden light, Caleb rapidly formed a series ofhand seals, thrust them outward, and shouted, "Eight Trigrams of the ~ Divine Talisman! Break!" ~ As the word "Break" echoed, eight divine talismans erupted in a blinding light before exploding with a thunderous boom. 
The ground shook violently, and a fierce gale roared through the air. A massive surge of energy, as overwhelming as a landslide or tidal wave, swept across the battle ring. 
It scattered the Dawson Clan's hidden weapons and destroyed their controlling formations. Some of the less durable weapons even shattered into dust. 
Sam, reeling from the mental shock, coughed up a mouthful of blood and staggered backward. Before he could recover, a streak of golden light closed in on him. 
"Stormcraft!" Caleb pointed two fingers and tapped Sam's chest. 
Just as everyone expected Sam to be blasted away, Caleb's blue lightning remained at his fingertips, and he didn't deliver the fatal blow. 
Sam looked down. His expression was a mix of surprise and resignation. After a moment, he sighed and said, "Thank you, Mr. 
Caleb, for showing mercy. I concede."
###Chapter 2338
Chapter 2338 sam never expected to lose, especially when he had the thousand- talon coffer. But fate had other plans. In the end, he lost and accepted his defeat with grace. 
He had used every trick, but Caleb had countered them all. He might have been severely injured if Caleb hadn't held back on his final move. 
Caleb gave him an honorable defeat, and Sam knew better than to make a fuss. Otherwise, it would only invite more scorn. 
Caleb let out a long breath as Sam admitted defeat. His forehead was slick with sweat, and it was clear that his victory hadn't come easily. 
He had gone all in with the Glow Incantation, Stormcraft, and Divine Talisman. He used every ultimate move in his arsenal. If not for the explosion from the Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman that broke Sam's defenses and let him get in close, he might have lost the match. 
"The Dawson Clan's hidden weapons are as formidable as rumored," Caleb said with genuine admiration. 
"They're powerful, but still a lesser path," Sam responded. "They can't compare to the spiritual techniques of Sacred Wyrm Summit. I lost fair and square today." As the ninth-ranked on the Legendary List, he had his pride. He thought using the thousand-talon coffer could give him a shot at I winning the tournament. Now, he realized that it had been nothing I vs
more than wishful thinking. - Caleb was nearly ten years younger and outclassed him in both cultivation and spell mastery. At that moment, Sam finally understood ~ that there would always be someone stronger, a higher peak to climb. 
"I only won by a narrow margin," Caleb said. 
"Mr. Caleb, no need for more words. Even if we fought again, I'd still lose." Sam shook his head and sighed. 
He continued, "You're so young and already so skilled. Your future achievements are limitless. I look forward to seeing what you'll do next. Farewell." With that, he nodded and left the battle ring. After all, losing to such a genius didn't embarrass him. 
"The ninth match is over. The victor is contestant number 24!" Oron announced the results with a sigh of relief. 
"Great job! Well done!" "He truly is a once-in-a-century talent from Sacred Wyrm Summit. 
His reputation is well-earned!" "I never imagined someone so young could have such cultivation. It's impressive!" Caleb's victory sparked thunderous applause and excited chatter from the crowd. ;
Initially, everyone had expected Sam to win. After all, he was ranked ninth on the Legendary List, had an undefeated record, and had the Dawson Clan's thousand-talon coffer on his side. He seemed to have a real chance at the tournament with those skills in his arsenal. 
But no one had anticipated how deeply Caleb had hidden his abilities. 
He had mastered three legendary techniques, seamlessly blending offense and defense without any weaknesses. 
After withstanding the devastating assault of the thousand-talon coffer, he calmly counterattacked with a decisive strike. His raw talent, skill, and composure suggested a future where he could rival even Arion. 
At barely 20 years old, Caleb had become the undisputed dark horse of the Combat Tournament. 
"You did well, kid." Oron flashed a rare smile as he complimented Caleb in a low voice. 
"Mr. Oron, I really did my best this time. If I lose in the next round, don't blame me." Caleb yawned, returning to his laid-back demeanor. 
"Just do your best." Oron nodded. 
After all, defeating Sam and showcasing such impressive skills was already a major accomplishment. For Oron, winning the tournament wasn't a necessity. 
Caleb was still young— only 18 years old. If given ten more years to
refine his skills, he would likely surpass Oron and his mentors. 
~ "Mr. Oron, I'm a bit tired. I'm going to get some rest," Caleb said, bowing at Oron before leaving the battle ring. 
This match was destined to make him famous. 
After the ninth match ended, the battle ring was in rough shape and needed repairs. Yet, the buzz among the spectators didn't die down. 
"I didn't expect Caleb to be this strong. Sacred Wyrm Summit is no joke," Fenley marveled. 
He hadn't expected Caleb to win. In his view, Sam, with the Dawson Clan's sacred weapon, seemed destined for victory. The only question was how long it would take. 
But the outcome was far from what he anticipated. Who would have guessed that Sam, ranked ninth on the Legendary List, could lose to a newcomer like Caleb? Nobody would have thought of this outcome. 
"It seems Faith has a keen eye," Alicia said. 
Fenley had thought Sam would win, but Grace had hinted that Caleb had a chance. It turned out she was right. 
'"[t was just a casual remark. I'm quite surprised by the result too," Grace admitted with a smile. 
She backed Caleb because she believed Sacred Wyrm Summit wouldn't send a weak contestant. So, she thought he had a decent chance. 
4/5
I But when Sam used his thousand-talon coffer, her confidence started to waver. Ultimately, the situation took an unexpected turn, and Caleb emerged victorious. 
"Now that Sam has lost, the upcoming matches will be even more exciting," Alicia said eagerly. "I'm looking forward to seeing who will be the ultimate victor in this Combat Tournament."
###Chapter 2339
Chapter 2339 The minutes passed as the matches progressed. Before anyone realized it, half the day had already gone by. 
The battle ring witnessed one intense match after another, with the ring constantly being patched up. Soon, the list of the top 16 contestants was announced. 
For top-ranked martial artists on the Heavenly Immortals like Glenn, Abigail, and Fenley, the outcome was never in doubt—unless they faced each other. They won decisively and effortlessly. 
For instance, Glenn's opponent didn't even put up a fight and chose to forfeit right away. After all, swordsmen could deal devastating damage. 
As the top-ranked martial artist on the Legendary List, Glenn was an ultimate grandmaster. With just one strike, he could easily defeat an ordinary grandmaster. If his opponent hadn't forfeited, there was a high chance they could have been seriously injured. 
Those who drew Glenn as an opponent were simply unlucky. In the battle ring, sometimes luck played a bigger role than skill. 
Besides Glenn, Abigail, and Fenley, two other top-tier martial artists from the Legendary List made it into the top 16. 
Kendricks, ranked eighth, was known for his mastery of blade techniques, and Jude, ranked tenth, was a spell-caster who
effortlessly defeated his opponent. 
Of the top 16 contestants, six were from the Legendary List, with Dustin among them. If Sam hadn't lost to Caleb, there could have been one more from the list in the top 16. 
The remaining ten contestants either came from major guilds or had long-established reputations, including some exceptionally talented individuals. Among them, the standout names were Jeremiah from Streuqua and George. 
With the final 16 contestants decided, it was time for a break. Every reputable major guild took advantage of this opportunity to recruit new talent. 
Dustin, who had performed well, received enthusiastic invitations from the Mighty Three. Instead of giving a clear answer, he played it cool. 
Since he had ties with all three major guilds, he figured refusing any of them wouldn't be inappropriate. So, he decided to brush off the situation and planned to make a quick exit after the matches. He was indifferent to what came afterward. 
After a short break, the lot drawing began. They had to narrow the field to the top eight, so another round of matches was on the horizon. 
The matches from 16 to 8 were often more intense and brutal. 
"Now, let's have the 16 contestants come up to draw the lots."
After Oron's announcement, the victorious contestants stepped onto the battle ring. 
The drawing rules were the same as before. Contestants would be matched randomly, with Number One against Number 16, Number Two against Number 15, Number Three against Number 14, and so on. 
Coincidentally, Dustin drew an eight again, which meant he would fight in the last match against Number Nine. 
In this draw, nobody dared to reveal their numbers. After all, none of the contestants in the 16-to-8 round were weak. 
Early disclosure of their numbers could enable opponents to target them. Conversely, knowing the opponent's identity in advance would allow for better preparation and increase the chances of victory. 
So, everyone started gathering information on their opponents after the draw. How much they discovered depended on their skills. 
""The drawing of lots is over. Please get ready as the match is about to start," Oron reminded the contestants as soon as the draw ended. 
There was less than half an hour left for the break. 
""Fenley, what number did you draw?" Aurora asked as soon as she returned to her seat. 
"Unfortunately, I drew number one." He smiled faintly. 
"Number one? That means you'll be fighting in the first match." She
raised an eyebrow and lowered her voice. "I'll send someone to find out who you're up against." "Don't bother. It doesn't matter who it is." Fenley shook his head. 
He continued, "Taking the easy way out won't get you far. Winning comes down to your own skills. If you don't have those, all the preparation is pointless." With his confidence, he wasn't concerned about his opponent's identity. Even if he faced Glenn, he would take it head-on. His aim was the tournament, and he knew he had to beat every strong opponent. 
"You're right," Aurora agreed, then turned to Dustin. ""And what about you, Dr. Rhys?" "I drew number eight, just like before," he said. 
"Do you want me to find out anything for you?" she asked. 
"No. I'll take whatever comes my way," Dustin said with a faint smile. 
Aurora nodded. "Okay. With your skills, making it to the top eight shouldn't be a problem if you don't face someone from the Legendary List." She had seen him killing a vampire, so she knew his strength. With decent luck, he should easily make the top eight. What follows would be up to the whims of fate. 
Half an hour later, Oron's voice rang out again. "Break time is over. 
The first match is about to begin. Now, let's welcome contestant number one and contestant number 16 to the battle ring." As soon as he finished speaking, Fenley quickly rose and walked toward the ring. 
A few seconds later, a man dressed in white, carrying a longsword on his back, slowly stood up from the preparation area. He then walked steadily onto the battle ring. 
He had a cold expression and an intimidating presence. He resembled a drawn sword, sharp and unyielding. This man was Jaxton Siege, the chief senior disciple of the Esoteric Sword Guild. 
###Chapter 2340
Chapter 2340 Jaxton's entrance drew a lot of attention. 
The Esoteric Sword Guild was highly mysterious in the martial world. 
Though they had only a handful of members, each was exceptionally talented. 
Their Sword Mastery Technique was so powerful that even the Sword Union had been envious. Consequently, every time Jaxton stepped into the battle ring, he became the center of attention. 
Everyone was intrigued by the Esoteric Sword Guild background and the renowned Sword Mastery Technique. 
Despite advancing to the top 16, he hadn't showcased the technique. 
Perhaps none of his previous opponents had been able to force him to use it. But the stakes were different now. 
Jaxton would be going against Fenley from the Celestial Alliance, ranked fifth on the Legendary List. With such a strong opponent, he would need to use his Sword Mastery Technique. 
At that moment, the two stood on the ring and saluted each other. 
"I'm Fenley Hudson from Celestial Alliance," Fenley introduced himself with a brief salute, "I'm Jaxton Siege, chief senior disciple of Esoteric Sword Guild," Jaxton responds coldly. 
I've heard that the Esoteric Sword Guild excels in Sword Mastery Techniques. It's capable of killing its target from a thousand yards away. Is that true?" Fenley asked curiously. There were endless wonders in the world that he hadn't seen before. 
"You'll find out soon enough," Jaxton replied with a neutral expression as if he didn't regard him as a threat. 
"Oh?" Fenley raised an eyebrow and smiled faintly. "I'm eager to see what you can do." He wondered if a rookie like Jaxton, who seemed to disregard him, was overconfident or just plain clueless. 
"Between Jaxton of the Esoteric Sword Guild and Fenley of the Celestial Alliance, who do you think will win?" "Isn't it obvious? Of course, Fenley will win. Do you think his fifth place in the Legendary List is fake? It's all earned through hard work." "I've heard Fenley's cultivation is on the verge of breaking through to the ultimate grandmaster level. With the skills he learned from the Celestial Alliance, Jaxton should be outmatched." "Not necessarily. Jaxton's cultivation is also quite impressive. With his Sword Mastery Technique as his trump card, he might be able to compete with Fenley." "That's right! In a battle ring match, anything can happen. Until the end, no one can be sure of the outcome. Remember when everyone
thought Sam would win but still lost to Caleb despite all his efforts?" The spectators below the battle ring were abuzz with debate as they watched the match between Fenley and Jaxton. 
Some thought Fenley would win, while others believed Jaxton was a dark horse. Each side was firm in their beliefs, and no one could sway the others. 
"Both contestants are ready. Let's start the first match of the top 16," Oron announced after confirming both contestants were ready. 
The previously noisy venue fell silent. Everyone's eyes were glued to the battle ring, and nobody wanted to miss the action between the two elites. 
"Let's begin." Fenley extended a hand to signal Jaxton to make the first move. 
"Hmph!" Jaxton didn't hesitate. With a quick step, he turned into a blur and dashed forward before punching Fenley with a thunderous force. 
Everyone knew Jaxton was renowned for his Sword Mastery Technique, but they had no idea his hand-to-hand combat was just as exceptional. His previous opponents hadn't even been worthy of him drawing his sword. 
"Going for a fistfight?" Fenley smirked and threw a punch of his own without moving from his spot. Their fists clashed with a thunderous I
impact, sending waves of energy rippling outward. 
Fenley stood his ground, but Jaxton was pushed back several steps, and his arm numb from the force. Clearly, Fenley had the edge in strength and skill. 
"Huh?" Jaxton grimaced and glanced at his arm. He noticed his fingers were twitching involuntarily. That punch hadn't gone in his favor. 
He realized that while he couldn't compete with Fenley in sheer power, the battle ring demanded more than just strength. Technique and decisive moves were equally important. 
"Thunder Punch!" Jaxton channeled his internal energy into his fists. 
His punches flew like lightning. It instantly struck out hundreds of times and created a whirlwind of fist shadows that dazzled the spectators. 
"Interesting." Fenley stood still and mirrored Jaxton's technique. His fists moved with incredible speed, creating a storm of fist shadows that met Jaxton's fist in the air. 
The clash of punches sounded like a series of firecrackers. The energy waves from each hit spread out in relentless waves. Fenley and Jaxton's pace and intensity grew and made the noise even louder. 
From the stands, the spectators could barely distinguish their movements. All they saw were countless fist shadows flying through the air. 
It was impossible to tell who was landing which blows. This kind of intense, no-holds-barred exchange was new to them. 
Neither contestant flinched or backed down. It was a pure test of strength, with each one trading blows without any sign of retreat. It was a gritty, iron-willed showdown. 
###Chapter 2341
Chapter 2341 It's rare to see a fight like this. No swordplay, no divine powers, just pure fistfighting." "Now, this is what I call action. A real man goes all in, throwing punch after punch." "If they're going at it this hard just in the warm-up, imagine how intense it will get if the fight gets serious." The spectators buzzed with excitement as they watched the fierce battle in the battle ring. They had anticipated a clash of sword techniques and divine powers. Instead, they were witnessing an intense, all-out fistfight. 
Jaxton had set aside his sword to engage with his fists, while Fenley had put his divine powers aside for a straightforward brawl. It looked like the match was determined to settle things through pure skill in hand-to-hand combat. 
Fenley and Jaxton continued their fierce exchange of punches in the battle ring. 
Jaxton's attacks grew more aggressive as his internal energy surged with each strike. Each punch carried the force to split mountains. 
Soon, his breathing became heavy and labored. 
In contrast, Fenley focused on defense and counterattacks. His moves were precise and effortless, and he maintained a calm demeanor. 
vs
At this rate, you'll exhaust all your internal energy. If I were you, I'd start using your ultimate moves now," Fenley said, launching a strike. 
Quit yapping!" Jaxton grunted, and his punches became faster. The surrounding wind roared as if it were about to tear the sky apart. 
"If you don't know when to quit, don't blame me for what happens next!" Fenley's expression turned cold, and he looked impatient. 
He was eager to see the Esoteric Sword Guild's Sword Mastery Technique. That was why he had been sparring with Jaxton until now. 
But it seemed Jaxton had no intention of drawing his sword. Did he really think he could defeat Fenley with just punches and kicks? If so, Fenley was ready to teach him a lesson. 
"Instant Triumph!" Fenley shouted. His fists turned into a powerful palm strike. 
In an instant, his palms blazed with intense red light. The heat made the surrounding air feel thick and sticky. Even Jaxton's punches slowed down slightly under Fenley's overwhelming energy pressure. 
"Hmm?" Jaxton frowned and sensed danger. He crossed his arms before his chest and channeled his internal energy into a protective shield. 
Fenley's palms slammed into Jaxton's crossed arms with tremendous force. The impact shattered Jaxton's shield. He was sent flying several yards away. 
When he landed, he stumbled backward a few steps before managing to steady himself. His arms felt numb and unusually heavy. 
"That's some powerful punch technique!" Jaxton glanced at his trembling arms with surprise. 
As the chief senior disciple of the Esoteric Sword Guild, he was proficient in Sword Mastery Technique and confident in his raw strength. In his mind, most opponents didn't even deserve the use of his sword. 
He believed punches and kicks were more than enough to defeat them. 
That approach had worked perfectly in the past and allowed him to win effortlessly. 
But this time, his opponent was Fenley, ranked fifth on the Legendary List. Jaxton knew relying solely on his hand-to-hand combat wasn't enough. 
After exchanging hundreds of blows, he noticed he was ata disadvantage. It was clear neither of them had gone all out yet, but Jaxton had to admit that Fenley was a worthy opponent. 
"Still want to keep going? You can't match me without using your Sword Mastery Technique," Fenley said calmly. 
After sparring for so long, he awaited Jaxton to unleash the Sword Mastery Technique. If Jaxton was holding back, Fenley figured he was ready to get serious. 
"I thought the martial artists on the Legendary List were all hype, but it looks like you've got real skill." Jaxton straightened with a fierce gaze and a commanding presence. His hair and robes seemed to stir with an energy of their own. 
As he spoke, the giant sword behind him began to hum faintly and vibrate with a subtle energy. 
"Oh? Finally going to draw your sword?" Fenley asked with a smirk, clearly intrigued. 
"After warming up, it's time to show you the Sword Mastery Technique." Jaxton raised one hand and pointed to the sky. ""Come forth!" The giant sword flew out of its sheath and hovered above his head. It was six feet long, five inches wide, and pure white with intricate red runes that seemed to pulse with life. 
"My sword is eager for battle from the moment it's drawn. Prepare to be the sacrifice for my Snow Breeze Sword!" Then, he pointed the sword forward. 
The giant sword shot out as a streak of white light, racing towards Fenley with incredible speed. It moved so fast that it was barely a blur. 
"So fast." Fenley's eyes narrowed. He instinctively crossed his arms and channeled his internal energy to form a shield. 
The white light struck the internal energy shield with explosive force
and sent ripples through it. He was pushed back a few steps as the shield cracked with a spider web of fractures. 
It was almost breached, and Fenley could feel the danger close to breaking through. The sheer power of the strike was unmistakable. e?
###Chapter 2342
Chapter 2342 "Is this the Sword Mastery Technique? It really lives up to its name." ""One strike knocked Fenley back and turned the tide. That's amazing." "That sword moved so fast, but I only saw a flash of white light. It was terrifying!" When Jaxton unleashed his Sword Mastery Technique, the spectators were stunned. Even though they had heard about it before, this was their first time seeing it in action. 
The technique's sheer dominance and fierce momentum had struck them deep in their souls. It was said that "One sword strike could be deadly". 
With such formidable techniques and divine power, ordinary people wouldn't stand a chance and could be defeated in the blink of an eye. 
Fortunately, Fenley was strong enough to endure the attack. 
Otherwise, that single sword strike might have been sufficient to kill him and decide the outcome. 
Fenley exhaled sharply, and his gaze turned serious. "I have to admit. 
Your Sword Mastery Technique is indeed a powerful divine ability. 
However, it's not enough to defeat me at this level." Jaxton's technique was swift and fierce but lacked the decisive edge to finish the fight. In simpler terms, it couldn't end the match. 
‘He could easily overwhelm most grandmaster martial artists. But when facing someone of Fenley's caliber, it wasn't enough. 
J "Hmph! You're spouting nonsense. Soon, you'll understand how terrifying my Sword Mastery Technique is." Jaxton raised his finger and pointed it at Fenley. "Come forth!" The giant sword transformed into a streak of white light and soared upward. This time, it was even faster and more powerful, like a meteor falling to the earth with a deadly force. 
"Now, let me show you my true strength!" Fenley's body trembled as a surge of blue light erupted from within him. It formed a towering, 30-feet-tall ethereal divine spirit around him. 
The blue divine spirit radiated an overwhelming sense of authority, and its mere presence evoked awe and fear. This was the signature technique of the Celestial Alliance, the Four Elements of God's Technique. 
"Stop right there!" Fenley's blue-lighted palms struck forward forcefully as the white light charged at him. At the same time, the giant ethereal divine spirit mimicked the same action. 
His palms landed squarely on the white light and pinned Jaxton's flying sword firmly in place. The sword began to vibrate and struggled to break free. 
~ Trying to escape? It won't be that easy!" Fenley's smirk widened as he increased the force in his hands, At that moment, he appeared god-like and was completely unfazed by the sword's energy. Regardless of how much the sword struggled and trembled, it couldn't break free. 
"Such power from the Four Elements of God's Technique! I'm truly impressed!" "The Four Elements of God's Technique is the Celestial Alliance's signature move. It is known for its supreme power, both offensive and defensive. It's perfectly suited to counter the Esoteric Sword Guild's Sword Mastery Technique." "With those flying swords under control and Jaxton without his weapon, he's at a disadvantage. Even if he has super power, he won't be able to use his Sword Mastery Technique." Seeing Fenley fighting barehanded, the spectators couldn't help but marvel at him. 
The Sword Mastery Technique was known to be deadly and unstoppable, but his ability to grab the flying sword with his hands proved his extraordinary skill. This was due to the Four Elements of God's Technique, without which such a feat would be impossible. 
~ "Humph! Impressive, but you're mistaken if you think you can control my flying swords!" Jaxton wasn't the least bit shaken. He quickly formed hand seals and pointed in two directions. 
Alow hum filled the air as the sword in Fenley's grip began to tremble violently. Fenley frowned when he sensed the power surge, like a wild bull trying to break free. Just when he was about to exert more force, the giant sword split into three. 
The swords, one large and two small, flew out of his hands and hovered near Jaxton. It glowed brightly with sharp, dangerous energy. 
""The Trinity Dominion Sword?" Fenley was taken aback. He had thought Jaxton wielded only one flying sword, but now three had appeared, which raised the threat level significantly. 
This display confirmed that Jaxton, as the chief senior disciple of the Esoteric Sword Guild, was exceptionally formidable. 
"You've forced me to reveal my trump card. You're skilled, but this is where it ends," Jaxton said coldly. "From now on, I won't hold back. 
Whether you live or die is up to fate." With that, he pointed his sword forward. The largest sword shot out first and turned into a streak of white light. 
The two smaller swords shot out, one to the left and one to the right, moving forward from a different direction. They didn't travel in a straight line but arced like crescent moons, creating tricky attack angles that were hard to defend against. 
Even if Fenley blocked the front sword, the two on the sides would be enough to ensure his death. His expression turned grim, and he decided to use his ultimate move. 
“Fury of the Wind God!" With a low shout, he released all his internal energy. The ethereal divine spirit behind him grew solid, with a fierce wind roaring around him like a howling storm. 
In the next instant, he thrust his palms forward, and the divine spirit mirrored his actions. A storm of wind blades erupted as it poured out like a torrential downpour that crashed into the three flying swords. 
###Chapter 2343
Chapter 2343 The wind blades formed a net, which carried immense force as they hammered relentlessly against the three flying swords. Each impact resounded with explosive sounds, Though the sharp swords sliced through the blades, their momentum began to slow, and their speed dropped. 
But the wind blades seemed endless as they flooded the sky in waves, Some continued to hammer at the three swords, while others charged straight at Jaxton. 
"Hmm?" Jaxton's expression changed slightly. He couldn't afford to take it head-on, so he waved his fingers three times and shouted, "Return!" ‘ The three flying swords turned in midair and raced back to his side. 
They spun rapidly and unleashed a fierce wave of sword aura that kept the incoming wind blades at bay. 
The clash between wind blades and sword aura created shockwaves and explosions, like a constant barrage of fireworks. 
Jaxton gritted his teeth and pointed his sword forward to fend off the relentless wind blades. Ten seconds later, the onslaught finally stopped. His pressure instantly eased, and he sighed in relief. 
"Now it's my turn!" When he saw Fenley's momentum falter, he mustered his remaining strength and relaunched the three flying
A iat swords. 
The three swords launched simultaneously and targeted Fenley's three vital points. Fenley smirked, and instead of retreating, he advanced and charged straight at the three flying swords. 
"Go to hell!" Jaxton's eyes narrowed with resolve as he quickly formed hand seals. 
In an instant, the three flying swords glowed intensely. Their sword aura expanded as if to tear the sky apart. 
But then, the ethereal divine spirit behind Fenley changed. The blue divine spirit immediately transformed into a menacing red divine spirit as it grew larger and more intimidating. 
"Fury of Fire God!" He clenched his fist and thrust toward Jaxton from a distance. At the same time, the red divine spirit mirrored the action. 
Aloud explosion erupted, and flames shot up as it quickly engulfed most of the battle ring. Then, a torrent of scorching energy swept the entire ring. 
Now glowing with white light, the flying swords slowed to a crawl. It was like moving through thick mud. In the next moment, the massive red fist smashed down and sent the three swords flying. The powerful punch continued toward Jaxton. 
At that moment, Jaxton's flying swords were momentarily out of control, and he couldn't maneuver them to defend himself. With the
o) +25BONUS red divine spirit's fist aiming directly at him, he knew there was no Way to avoid the impending strike, "Bring it on!" Jaxton gritted his teeth and channeled all his internal energy into a counterattack with his iron fist. Since there was no way to avoid it, he decided to fight with everything he had. 
The clash of the two fists created a loud explosion. The ground shook, and the sky darkened. A terrifying wave of energy erupted that spread out like a tsunami. Dust and debris flew everywhere. 
Jaxton, caught at the center of the explosion, was thrown back. He flew through the air with blood spraying from his mouth. After crashing hard onto the ground, he couldn't get up. 
Fenley didn't finish him off. Instead, he withdrew his divine power, retracted the divine spirit into his body, and returned to his original form. ’ Jaxton, battered by the Fury of the Fire God, was a mess. His clothes were torn, blood dripped from his mouth and nose, and his body was charred and bruised. He was clearly gravely injured. 
"You lost," Fenley said. 
He acknowledged that Jaxton's Sword Mastery Technique was impressive. It had pushed him to unleash the Fury of the Fire God from the Four Elements of God's Technique, but that was the end of the line for Jaxton. 
A tans’ "You..." Jaxton tried to speak, but blood gushed from his mouth, and his face turned ashen. He eventually collapsed and lost consciousness. 
His three flying swords trembled briefly before settling down. 
""The match is over. The winner is contestant number one, Fenley Hudson." Once Oron announced the result, the spectators erupted in applause and cheers. 
"Great job!" "Fenley, you're amazing!" "As expected from the best genius in the martial world." The spectators were in awe. They had heard of the renowned Four Elements of God's Technique but never seen it in action. Witnessing it firsthand felt like a rare privilege. 
Now, they truly understood the technique's power. Even the legendary Sword Mastery Technique couldn't stop it. 
"Well, what do you think of my disciple? Not bad, right?" In the main spectator stand, Alloy grinned proudly. 
"He's a genius, and his potential is off the charts," Kaden said with a smile. 
"He's got some skills, but they're limited," Penelope said in a raspy voice. 
"Just a few tricks. Nothing impressive," Cyrus added bluntly. 
~Oh￠Thope your disciples put on a good show too. Otherwise, it'll be embarrassing." Alloy smiled hollowly. 
"Don't worry, they'll outperform yours," Cyrus retorted. 
"Let's see about that," Alloy sneered. 
Fenley was already an early-stage ultimate grandmaster and on the verge of a breakthrough. Such talent was rare and unmatched. He would be unstoppable after mastering the Four Elements of God's Technique to perfection. 
Alloy was sure that Fenley was destined to win the Combat Tournament. e
###Chapter 2344
Chapter 2344 I'Fenley, congratulations for making it to the top eight. You're just one step away from winning the tournament," Aurora said with a bright smile as Fenley returned to his seat. 
"While the Sword Mastery Technique is impressive, Fenley's Four Elements of God's Technique is far superior. Jaxton might have lost, but he still deserves respect." Alicia's face beamed with pride. 
Initially, Alicia was worried when she saw Jaxton's remarkable Sword Mastery Technique. But her worries vanished once Fenley unleashed his Four Elements of God's Technique. She knew the result of the match had already been decided. 
"Defeating Jaxton was easy, but winning the tournament is still a long way to go." Fenley smiled and shook his head. 
He was confident but not blind to the challenges ahead. Jaxton wasn't one of the top names on the Legendary List. Though skilled, he wasn't in the same league as the top contestants. 
"Let's take it one step at a time," Aurora said with a smile. "If Glenn and Abigail end up fighting with each other in the top eight match, then your victory is almost guaranteed." Only two opponents could pose a significant challenge to Fenley in this Combat Tournament. 
The first was Glenn, the top-ranked martial artist on the Legendary
List. The second was Abigail, who was ranked second on the list. Both were shrouded in mystery and rarely made appearances, so no one knew their full capabilities. i However, their high rankings on the Legendary List indicated they were exceptionally skilled and represented the biggest hurdles on Fenley's path to winning the tournament. 
"That will be great, but we'll see how the draw goes tomorrow. 
Sometimes luck plays a big part," Fenley said with a grin. 
He figured he had about a 50% chance against Glenn if they both were at their peak. It would be hard to predict the outcome in such a close match. 
However, the situation could change drastically if Glenn and Abigail ended up battling each other tomorrow and both were significantly worn out or injured. 
Of course, this was just Fenley's wishful thinking. He knew it wasn't wise to set high expectations. If luck wasn't on his side and he faced Abigail first, Glenn might slip through to the next round. In that case, the outcome could be quite different. 
The first match of the top 16 had concluded. After a short break, the second match began. 
Oron stepped onto the battle ring and called out, ""We're starting the second match soon. Contestant number two and contestant number 15, please come up."
As his words faded, Glenn slowly stood up and walked onto the stage with his sword. His cold demeanor, sharp gaze, and chilling presence immediately silenced the crowd. It was as if an invisible weight pressed down on everyone. 
"Glenn is like a sword that's just been drawn. He is far more intimidating than Jaxton," Aurora observed. She frowned at the lone and aloof figure on the ring. 
"The top rank on the Legendary List isn't just for show. It'd be great if his opponent could push him to his limits and show us just how powerful Glenn is." Alicia's expression turned serious. 
In his previous match, Glenn didn't even need to fight. His mere presence had been enough to make his opponent forfeit in fear. 
"I wonder who his opponent is this time." Fenley scanned the surroundings for the other contestant. 
A few seconds later, a tall, muscular man in combat gear stood up and strode confidently to the ring. His strong presence was evident in his sharp eyebrows and piercing gaze. He carried a silver spear that exuded formidable power. 
"Isn't that Levi Sullivan, branch master of Boulderthorn?"' Fenley raised an eyebrow as he recognized the man. 
Boulderthorn was a renowned guild with over 10,000 disciples and a strong presence throughout Balerno. The role of branch master was equivalent to the elder in Celestial Alliance. 
I Typically, branch masters were middle-aged men over 50, but Levi was an exception. At just 30 years old, he was in charge of a group of military forces, which spoke volumes about his abilities. E Aurora added, "I've heard about Levi. His spear techniques are nearly legendary. He has defeated his opponents in previous matches with just one strike, barely breaking a sweat. His strength is truly formidable." . 
"So, Glenn is up against a formidable opponent?" Alicia remarked thoughtfully. "Great timing. Let's see if Levi's spear can reveal any secrets about Glenn's sword. This match should test Glenn's abilities." Levi's spear skills were extraordinary. Even if he didn't win, she hoped Levi managed to push Glenn to reveal his true abilities. 
"I'm Levi Sullivan from Boulderthorn." Levi stared at Glenn while holding his spear firmly. He looked fearless but filled with a fighting spirit. 
The man before him was the top-ranked martial artist on the Legendary List. If he could defeat Glenn, he would take his place and be known worldwide. 
"I'm not interested in who you are. Surrender now, or I won't hold back," Glenn said coldly. His gaze was as frosty as ice. 
"Surrender? Hmph! You underestimate me." Levi's expression hardened. "I know you're strong, but so am I. If it comes down to a fight to the death, you might not win."
Really? I hope you don't regret your decision," Glenn replied, his face still expressionless. 
Both contestants are ready, so let's begin the match now," Oron announced. With that, he stepped off the ring. 
"Arrogant fool! Take this!" Levi shouted and charged forward with his spear raised. He was determined to make Glenn pay for underestimating him. ° ""Like bringing a knife to a gunfight." Glenn remained calm as he raised his sword finger and pointed at Levi from afar. 
A white beam of light shot from Glenn's fingertip and struck Levi's chest with blinding speed. His body convulsed, and his attack came to an abrupt halt. 
In the next instant, he collapsed to the ground and died with his eyes wide open. 
###Chapter 2345 by Marina Vittori
The spectators fell silent as Levi’s body collapsed on the ground. Shock and disbelief were written on every face, and they didn’t expect the match to end so quickly. In the blink of an eye, the winner had been decided.
“I didn’t imagine that, right? Levi, the Boulderthorn branch master, was killed in seconds?”
“With just a finger in the air, Levi was killed. Glenn didn’t even draw his sword. His strength is terrifying.”
“So, is that the strength of the Legendary List’s top rank? It’s downright terrifying.”
After a brief silence, the venue erupted in shock and chatter.
When Levi stepped onto the battle ring with his spear, everyone had expected a long, hard-fought match. After all, he was a renowned figure in the martial world and recognized as a master no matter where he went.
Even if Levi couldn’t match Glenn’s skill, he should have lasted a few rounds at least. But what happened? Throughout the whole bout, Glenn had only made one move.1
Before everyone could even process what was happening, Levi was already dead. The strength difference between them was like night and day.
“I didn’t expect Glenn to be this strong. This is bad news.” Aurora frowned, and her expression turned serious.
Earlier, she had hoped Levi could force Glenn to show some of his techniques, but the outcome was completely unexpected. She hadn’t uncovered valuable information besides Glenn’s immense strength.
“He just killed a grandmaster with a finger. There aren’t many here who could do that.” Alicia shook her head with a complicated expression.
Without a massive disparity in skill level, it would have been impossible to achieve such a feat. She was worried that Glenn had broken through to the ultimate grandmaster level. Compared to his peers, he was light years ahead.
At that thought, Alicia glanced at Fenley beside her. Though exceptionally gifted and incredibly insightful, he had yet to reach the ultimate grandmaster level.
If he faced Glenn now, the chances of losing were high. The gap between them might be small, but even a slight difference could make all the difference.
“He’s definitely a tough brat,” Fenley muttered as his eyes locked on Glenn in the ring.
He was surprised, but his gaze showed no hint of fear. Instead, he was filled with a fighting spirit. The stronger the opponent, the more it pushed his limits. He planned to use this Combat Tournament to break through his barriers and rise to the top.
“Dr. Rhys, surely you’re feeling some pressure now, right?” Grace glanced at him and smiled.
“This is beyond pressure. It’s like he’s set on taking everyone down.” Dustin sighed, and his head began to throb.
The swordmaster’s strikes were devastating, and Glenn was among the best of them. Once they drew their sword, it was kill or be killed. Hence, facing an opponent like that was enough to give anyone a headache.
“Mr. Marshall, did you see that? That’s what real talent and strength look like.
“Cyrus said with a rare smile. He teased, “How does your disciple measure up to mine?”
“Hmph! We’ll find out who is stronger after tomorrow’s match.” Alloy scoffed, and his expression darkened.
Though he hated to admit it, he knew that Fenley’s current cultivation level wasn’t enough to compete with Glenn. Without a breakthrough to become an ultimate grandmaster, Fenley couldn’t stand a chance.
“As the saying goes, a wise person adapts to the times. If you don’t want your disciple to be defeated in the battle ring, you’d better plan ahead,” Cyrus said with a sly grin.
Alloy understood his underlying message that planning ahead meant conceding. His face stayed stern as he remained silent. With just one day left, he needed to help Fenley break through to the next level before the next match began.
“The match is over. The winner is contestant number two, Glenn Hadley. Congratulations.” After a moment of daze, Oron quickly announced the results.
“Too easy.” Glenn glanced at Levi’s body, then turned and walked away. With his match concluded, he saw no point in staying and would rather return to training.
After a short break, Oron returned to the battle ring and announced, “The third match is about to begin. Contestant number three and contestant number 14, please come to the ring.”
As he finished speaking, a striking figure soared up from the crowd. The figure floated above the ring before. gently descending.
With flowing white hair, an elegant figure, and an ethereal beauty, it was none other than Abigail, the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order.
“It’s my turn!”
A booming laugh suddenly filled the venue, followed by a burly figure shooting through the air like a cannonball. He covered 100 yards in a single leap before crashing heavily onto the battle ring.
There was a loud boom, and the impact left two large footprints on the ring’s surface.
The spectators focused their gaze and finally realized the contestant who had just entered the ring was George Burroughs, the foreign contestant with a gorilla-like build. His nickname was the Dusk Titan.
###Chapter 2346 by Marina Vittori
George’s brutal treatment of Jermaine’s body had already stirred up a lot of anger. As he stepped into the battle ring again, the spectators booed and cursed at him.
“Ugh! Just seeing this bastard makes me sick. I want to kill him.”
“Disgusting heartless scum!”
“He got away with it last time, but now he’s facing the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order. Let’s see how he dies.
The spectators were furious as they shouted and cursed at George, but he didn’t care. His eyes were locked on Abigail, and his lips curled into a wicked grin. He couldn’t hide the lust in his gaze. “Tsk, tsk… Hey, gorgeous. Fighting is a man’s job. As a woman, your duty is to bear children.”
His eyes roamed over her as he grinned wider. “Unfortunately, Dragonmarsh martial artists are weaklings. They don’t have what it takes to satisfy someone like you. But I can guarantee you’ll experience pure pleasure with me,” he said and laughed heartily.
His words were like a spark that ignited a wildfire, causing the spectators to erupt in a storm of curses.
“Fucking bastard! I swear I’ll kill you.”
“That damn scum is way too cocky. Enough is enough.”
“I’ve had enough. I’m going to rip him to shreds today.”
Angry shouts filled the air as the spectators seethed with anger. Publicly harassing a woman was already despicable, but to insult all Dragonmarsh martial artists along with it was even worse. George’s behavior had sparked public outrage.
Shouting insults was the mildest reaction. Some hot-headed martial artists couldn’t hold back and were ready to throw punches. Their aggressive stances made it clear they were prepared to take George down for good.
As they charged forward, the Sacred Wyrm Summit disciples intervened to keep things under control. Despite their own anger, they stayed composed. No matter what, the tournament’s progress couldn’t be disrupted. Those martial artists would have to settle it in the battle ring if they wanted to fight.
“What a bunch of losers!” George turned to glance at the Dragonmarsh martial artists below the ring, who were shouting and fuming. He didn’t flinch but smiled contemptuously. With a dismissive thumbs-down, he taunted them openly.
His gesture pushed the Dragonmarsh martial artists over the edge. After all, a man could be killed but not insulted. Being taunted by a foreigner like this was more than they could stand.
“I’ll take you down.”
“Damn it! I’ll cut you in half.”
“Bastard, prepare to die.” 2
A group of martial artists broke through the Sacred Wyrm Summit disciples’ blockade and charged toward the battle ring.
George grinned menacingly and slowly clenched his fists. He planned to take this opportunity to kill them.
Just then, a tall figure descended from the sky and blocked their path. Oron waved his left hand and unleashed a powerful gust of wind that sent all the martial artists on the ring flying several yards away.
He waved his hand again, and a blue barrier instantly covered the battle ring. Anyone who touched it would feel like they were being electrocuted, their bodies convulsing and their limbs going numb.
“Settle your scores off the ring. Whether it’s life or death doesn’t concern me, but no one interferes with the match,” Oron warned the martial artists.
He then shot a cold glance at George. If you keep provoking and inciting the crowd’s anger, you’ll face the consequences.” 11
George sneered without saying anything. He typically dismissed Dragonmarsh martial artists as insignificant, but he knew better than to cross Oron.
“Without further delay, the third match officially begins,” Oron quickly announced before things spiraled further out of control.
“What do you think of my proposal earlier, gorgeous? Want to experience my strength in a more personal way?” George continued to tease Abigail.
“Don’t worry. We can talk about our future once I cut out your tongue, gouge out your eyes, and castrate you,” she replied with a cold, indifferent gaze.
“Oh? Let’s see if you’ve got the skills to back that up.” He smiled.
Given his strength, defeating a woman as frail as Abigail would be a breeze. However, he wasn’t rushing to win. He wanted to humiliate her in front of all the Dragonmarsh martial artists.
“Venom Serpent! Go!” She quickly raised her hand and flicked it. A black shadow shot like an arrow from her sleeve and headed straight at George’s throat.
“Your attack is too weak, gorgeous.” George smiled. Instead of dodging, he reached out and grabbed the incoming shadow.
Upon closer inspection, he realized it was a black, snake-like creature. But when the creature lifted its head, he was taken aback. Though it had the body of a snake, it had a human face and looked incredibly eerie.
“What the hell is this?” George felt a shiver of unease. As he tried to shake the strange creature off his hand, the face of the snake-like creature suddenly opened its mouth and bit into the web of his palm.
###Chapter 2347
George grimaced in pain and flung the snake-like creature away. But the creature wouldn’t give up. It lunged at him again as soon as it hit the ground.
“You’ve got a death wish?” He snorted and smashed the creature into a scarlet mist with a single punch.
He then turned his gaze to Abigail with a malicious grin. “It’s just a little snake. You don’t actually think it could hurt me, huh?”
“Can’t hurt you? Check out the bite marks,” she replied sarcastically.
“Huh?” George looked down and saw two tiny, needle-like punctures where the creature had bitten him. The wounds were so minor that they didn’t even bleed.
However, the area around the wounds had turned a deep, unnatural black. It was darker than his skin, like ink.
The most disturbing part was that this black mark was rapidly spreading and crept into his bloodstream. Within seconds, it had covered most of his hand.
“What is this?” George’s frown deepened, and his smile faltered.
He had always prided himself on being impervious to harm, so he hadn’t thought much of the attack earlier. But the small snake-like creature had managed to penetrate his defenses with its venomous bite.
The unknown toxin was causing an unsettling throbbing in his chest. He had a sinking feeling that if the poison kept spreading, he might be in grave danger. After all, being invulnerable to weapons didn’t mean he was immune to all poisons.
George quickly transformed his left hand into a sharp, black blade. He roared and swung the weapon down hard on his right wrist.
The blade sliced through skin and muscle as it cut deep into the bone. Blood splattered everywhere and turned the ground red. But his defenses were so strong that even as he struck himself, his wrist didn’t break.
“Argh!” he roared as he raised the blade again. With a mighty swing, he severed his wrist completely.
The brutal, bloody scene made the spectators shudder. They hadn’t expected George to be so ruthless and severed his own hand without a second thought.
As his severed wrist hit the ground, it began to decay rapidly. Within moments, the entire wrist had turned into a puddle of blood.
“Quick thinking. If the poison had spread, it wouldn’t just be your hand you’d be losing.” Abigail raised an eyebrow, genuinely surprised.
The Venom Serpent was a highly poisonous creature cultivated by the Mystic Arts Order. Though it appeared small and harmless, it was dangerous. Anyone bitten by it would dissolve into a puddle of blood within three minutes unless they received an antidote promptly.
She hadn’t expected him to have the resolve to cut off his own hand, which spared her from further trouble.
“You think you can kill me? Not a chance!” George’s expression was a twisted scowl. As he spoke, his severed hand began to twist and reshape. 1
The bleeding stopped almost instantly. A sharp, black blade quickly emerged from where his hand had been severed. Compared to the blade on his left arm, the one on his right was slightly shorter.
“What kind of monster is this? A severed hand turning into a blade?”
“Just like that priest, this gorilla must have undergone genetic modification.”
“Ugh! That’s gross.”
The sight of George’s hand transformation drew murmurs from the spectators. It finally dawned on them why he was willing to sever his own hand.
It turned out that his arms could reshape into weapons. Transforming his fists into blades increased his offensive power and raised his threat level.
“I was planning to make this quick and painless for you. But since you’re so ruthless, I’ll have to finish you off.”
George slowly spread his blades. Their edges gleamed with a dark, ominous glow in the sunlight.
He continued, “Don’t worry, I’ll finish you off with one blow. I won’t let you suffer too much. After all, I still have use for your perfect body.” He laughed sinisterly.
“Such arrogance. I was going to make this quick for you, but now I’ve changed my mind.” Abigail’s eyes turned cold. She raised one hand as she spoke, and a red beam shot out from her sleeve as it headed toward his face.
George was mindful of his earlier mistakes and didn’t let his guard down. He quickly swung his blade to intercept the red beam. But the moment the blade struck, there was a loud thud, and the red beam exploded.
The red beam erupted into a thick cloud of toxic mist and enveloped George. The mist rapidly spread outward but was blocked by Oron’s lightning barrier at the edge of the battle ring.
“Ah!” George’s pained scream tore through the red mist, sounding unnervingly agonized. Moments later, a hulking black figure broke through the mist and fled in a frenzy.
After just staying in the red mist for a second, his body was festering and bleeding. Strangely, a layer of red mist clung to him like leeches as it continuously corroded his flesh with a sizzling noise.
George writhed desperately as he tried to shake off the mist from his skin, but it was futile. The mist only dissipated once his wounds had rotted to the bone.
At that moment, he looked like a
bloody mess and was barely
recognizable as a human. Though the wounds weren’t fatal, the unrelenting agony was a hundred times worse than losing a limb.
“Bitch! I’m going to kill you!” George roared furiously and charged at Abigail like a wild beast. His only thought was to tear her apart.
###Chapter 2348
George roared like thunder. His blade- like arms gleamed coldly and sliced through Abigail’s body with lightning speed. The speed of his momentum sent him skidding for about 25 feet before he finally came to a halt.
“This is what happens when you piss me off, bitch!” He turned and laughed maniacally with a fierce expression. He believed that strength mattered and not the useless poisonous mist or creature.
“Hey, what are you laughing at?” A clear, crisp voice rang out from the front.
George looked toward the voice and was surprised to see Abigail. She casually turned with a smirk as if she were looking at a fool.
“Hmm?” His smile faltered and was replaced by shock.
What happened? Hadn’t his blade already sliced through her neck? Why was there no sign of injury?
Could he have missed it? That seemed impossible. His blade was as fast as lightning, and she hadn’t even moved. How could he have missed? What on earth had happened?
“I’m not stopping until you’re dead!” George was frustrated and didn’t want to dwell on it, so he resolved to keep attacking.
If one strike weren’t enough, he would try two. If two weren’t enough, he would go for ten, a hundred, or even a thousand. No matter what, he was determined to make Abigail pay for her actions.
With a flash of his blade arms, he moved like a blur and charged forward again. His body was tough and had an astonishing recovery rate.
As long as he wasn’t dead, he would keep fighting. He was ready to do whatever it took, even if it meant outlasting his enemy.
“You’re digging your own grave.” Abigail looked at the approaching figure but didn’t flinch or dodge. She waved her hand, and three black iron balls shot out as they headed straight for George’s face. These were the Dawson Clan’s hidden weapons, Phantom Blooms.
After learning from his previous encounters, he dared not strike them. Instead, he twisted his body and dodged. But as they crossed paths, the Phantom Blooms exploded.
A storm of poisoned needles rained down and turned George into a human pincushion. His entire body was covered in needles.
Taking three Phantom Blooms without any defense would likely be fatal for an ordinary grandmaster, but George was different. With his tough, resilient body, he could withstand the attack.
Though the needles weren’t deadly, they were incredibly painful. With his flesh already rotting from the previous poison, the new assault was like rubbing salt in his wounds.
“Argh!” George screamed again. His face contorted with agony.
He had never felt so helpless before. Every time he tried to strike, Abigail interrupted him with one nasty trick after another. First, it was the venomous snake, then the toxic mist, and now a barrage of poisoned needles.
What frustrated him most was how his once-impenetrable defenses had proven useless against these attacks. His defenses were breached, and he was poisoned as if these assaults were tailor-made to counter him.
His strong vitality kept him fighting despite the relentless attacks, but it also meant he was enduring pain that would be unbearable for ordinary humans.
“I’ll kill you! I swear I will!” George roared like a madman.
At that moment, he didn’t even bother to remove the poisoned needles from his body. Driven mad with rage, he charged at Abigail with reckless abandon.
He figured since he wasn’t going to die, he might as well fight with everything he had. He could endure countless blows, but if he could just find a single opening, he would rip Abigail to shreds. At least, that was what he believed.
“Surviving all this poison and still standing? Guess being big really makes you tough,” Abigail remarked with a hint of surprise.
“Go to hell!” George closed in on Abigail. With a swift motion, he swung the blade on his right arm toward her neck with blinding speed.
She curled her lips into a sneer. Instead of dodging, she extended her delicate hand and firmly caught his descending blade.
The blade met her palm with a sharp, metallic sound and stopped dead in its tracks.
“What!” George’s eyes widened in disbelief as he stared at Abigail, who had caught his blade with her bare hand. His face was a mask of shock.
His blade was razor-sharp and capable of slicing through steel. With his full force behind it, he could cut through a tank. Yet, such a fierce strike couldn’t even scratch her skin.
It was inconceivable. Was she even human?
“Is that all you’ve got?” Abigail sneered. “It’s not that impressive.”
“You… you…” George looked terrified. His lips trembled, and he couldn’t form coherent words.
He thought getting close would make it easy to deal with her. But he hadn’t expected her strength and defense to be even greater than his. It was impossible to catch her off guard with his blade when she could catch it with her bare hands.
Even with such incredible strength, she had chosen to use poison. He felt like she was mocking him.
“What’s the matter? It’s my turn now,” Abigail said. She raised her hand and delivered a powerful punch to George’s abdomen.
The impact was thunderous. His burly frame shot like a missile and soared dozens of feet high. While still airborne, blood gushed from his mouth and nose as it scattered crimson droplets.
Before he descended, she was already on the move again.
###Chapter 2349
Abigail pushed off the ground and shot into the air. She quickly caught up to George as his burly frame began to descend. She lifted her long leg high and brought it down like a battle ax, striking his back with force.
The impact was explosive. George, falling face-first, immediately flipped and crashed toward the battle ring like a soccer ball. As he fell, he spat another mouthful of blood.
His burly frame slammed into the hard ground with a bone-jarring impact. The force of the collision created a deep, human-shaped crater in the ring. Dust and debris exploded into the air, and rocks flew everywhere.
Despite George’s incredible defense, the force of the blow fractured his bones, displaced his organs, and left him seriously injured.
His defense would have seemed nearly unbeatable if facing an ordinary grandmaster. But Abigail wasn’t just any grandmaster. She was an ultimate grandmaster and had awakened the Phoenix bloodline.
Every punch and kick she delivered carried lethal strength that could crush a grandmaster. Yet, George could withstand even a few of her blows and still be alive, which was already beyond exceptional.
“It’s not over yet!”
Just as George struggled to climb out of the crater, a devilish voice echoed.
The next moment, Abigail’s fist slammed into his face. He was knocked back to the ground. His body hit the floor hard enough to make the battle ring tremble. His nose and mouth were crooked, teeth flying, his vision spinning as everything around him blurred.
She jumped into the pit and looked at him with a cold, fierce glare.
“You call me a bitch?”
She drove her fist into his face again.
“Trying to kill me?”
Another punch followed.
“Is that all you’ve got?”
She punched again.
“Who do you think you are?”
Abigail’s fists rained down on George’s face like a relentless storm as she continued to punch him. A harsh insult accompanied each blow.
He was beaten to a pulp, and blood splattered everywhere. At first, he reacted with grunts of pain, but soon he fell silent.
The only sound was the dull thud of Abigail’s punches landing. After an indeterminate amount of time, she finally stopped. When she emerged from the pit, covered in blood, George had already been dead for some time.
He wasn’t just dead, but he had been completely pulverized. His head and neck were gone, and half of his body had been obliterated. What remained above his waist was just a gruesome mix of flesh, blood, and shattered bone. It was a horrifying sight.
“Damn, what a stroke of bad luck!” Abigail spat on George’s lifeless body. Then, she wiped the blood from her face and casually walked off the battle ring.
With George’s body reduced to nothing but a mess, the outcome was clear. Everyone didn’t need to wait for Oron to announce the result.
The sight of Abigail, whose beauty was renowned, left some men in the stand feeling shivered run down their spine. They had been somewhat flippant when she first stepped onto the battle ring. Though their remarks weren’t as crude as George’s, they were still inappropriate.
After seeing George’s brutal defeat, they felt uneasy and guilty. They realized that when she took action, she was relentless and unforgiving.
If a man like George, whose body could resist blades and bullets, had been turned to mush, they shuddered to think what would happen to them. No matter how beautiful she looked, they had learned not to underestimate her.
“Nice! Well done!”
Suddenly, someone stood up and shouted. The booming voice instantly broke the silence. The applause roared like thunder, and cheers erupted all around. The atmosphere crackled with electric excitement.
“As expected from the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order. You’ve earned my respect.”
“Haha! The Mystic Arts Order has truly brought honor to our nation. She deserves all the praise.”
“Who the heck is Dusk Titan anyway? He’s just a filthy gorilla daring to run wild in Dragonmarsh and cause trouble. He’s nothing but a speck of dust.”
“This is what you get for provoking and insulting us.”
The spectators felt a wave of relief and satisfaction. They had been simmering with anger after George insulted and belittled them, but the tournament rules prevented them from retaliating.
After watching Abigail brutally defeat George, their anger was finally relieved. Even their view of the Mystic Arts Order had improved. Whatever their opinions had been before, at least she had brought honor to the nation and deserved praise.
“Madam Penelope, your granddaughter sure is violent, but I like that,” Cyrus remarked with a rare smile. He appreciated decisiveness and ruthlessness. Such qualities matched his preferences perfectly.
“You say this is violent? If it were me, I’d make sure that big brute suffered before he died. Letting him off too easily would be a waste,” Penelope replied calmly.
Her words made his smile falter slightly while Alloy and Kaden, sitting nearby, exchanged uneasy glances.
They had almost forgotten that the real cold-blooded one was sitting beside them. Compared to Penelope, Abigail’s actions earlier seemed merciful.
###Chapter 2350
In the corner of the stands, Jeremiah watched with a frown as the mangled mess George lay in the battle ring. His expression was somber.
He knew exactly how strong George was. Compared to the flashy Bill, George was in a league of his own.
With his exceptional talent and genetic modifications, George’s physical strength, defense, and speed had reached the absolute limits of human capability. Even Dragonmarsh’s grandmaster martial artists would struggle to last a single round against him.
Yet, he couldn’t believe Abigail had taken down the invincible George. And not just defeated, but beaten to a pulp with fists. He wouldn’t have believed it if he hadn’t seen it with his own eyes.
“This is giving me a headache.”
Jeremiah narrowed his eyes as his face darkened. He had known the mission would be challenging, but he hadn’t anticipated it to be this tough.
They had started as a team of three. But now, halfway through the tournament, he was the only one left. The pressure was intense.
Jeremiah realized that withdrawing at this point would be unacceptable to the Hall of Gods. So, he had no choice but to take it one step at a time.
The only silver lining was that the top martial artists on the Legendary List had already fought in the match. He believed the remaining opponents would be less formidable. With careful strategy, he still had a high chance of making it to the top eight.
After clearing and repairing the battle ring, Oron announced, “The fourth match is about to begin. Please welcome contestant number four and contestant number 13 to the ring.”
Crystal stood with her sword and made her way toward the ring. She was contestant number four.
After her victory over Aurora from the Celestial Alliance, Crystal advanced to the top 16. At that moment, she had no idea who her next opponent would be.
“Give it your all, Crystal!” Ruby cheered from the stand.
Though making it to the top 16 was already an impressive achievement, advancing to the top eight would bring her fame. Additionally, she would receive rewards upon returning to her guild.
Once Crystal took her place in the ring, a man in black with a sword strapped on his back walked up. His sharp, piercing eyes and tall frame made him stand out. His presence was reminiscent of Glenn’s but slightly less imposing.
“Emeret?” Crystal was momentarily stunned upon recognizing her opponent. To her surprise, he was Emeret Dwight, a disciple from the Sword Union.
Within the Sword Union, he ranked just below Glenn in skill. His mastery of swordsmanship was similarly unparalleled. Emeret kept a notably low profile, which kept his reputation under the radar.
His most notable achievement was his flawless performance against Cyrus, where he remained unbeaten across three rounds. His strength was evident through his accomplishments.
“Crystal, what a coincidence! I didn’t expect you to be my opponent,” Emeret said with a warm smile. “How about we have a friendly spar, like old times?”
“A spar?” She shook her head helplessly. “When have I ever beaten you since joining the guild?”
She knew her chances of winning were slim. Plus, she couldn’t withstand three of Emeret’s full-force strikes. The difference in their cultivation was immense, and their sword techniques were on entirely different levels. There was simply no comparison.
“I know I can’t compete with you. I won’t waste your time, so I’m conceding.” Crystal nodded respectfully. She understood her limits and recognized that continuing would only result in defeat.
“Give up? That’s not like you,” Emeret said, surprised. He was familiar with her tenacity and knew she typically fought fiercely, even when outmatched.
“This match isn’t the same as sparring. You should save your energy for tougher opponents tomorrow,” she replied.
Disguising one’s true strength was crucial for keeping opponents off balance and increasing the chances of victory. Since she couldn’t defeat him, there was no point in wasting energy.
“I see. Thank you for understanding,” Emeret said and returned the gesture.
“Good luck tomorrow. Show them what you’ve got.” Crystal smiled faintly before stepping down from the battle ring.
“Contestant number four has conceded, so contestant number 13 is the winner,” Oron announced promptly.
“What? That’s it? She’s giving up already? That’s boring.”
“Seriously, she didn’t even try? She has no fighting spirit at all.”
“They’re from the same guild. It makes sense not to go all out. It’s smarter to save energy and let someone stronger advance to the top eight. That’s actually a smart move.”
“Passing up a chance at the top eight? She’s not as simple as she seems.”
Crystal’s surrender sparked a flurry of reactions from the spectators. Some criticized her, while others understood her decision.
It would have benefited the other contestants if Crystal had gone all out against Emeret. Since they were from the Sword Union, it was more honorable for her to concede. After all, not everyone was so generous.
“The fourth match is over. We’ll now begin the fifth match. Contestants number five and contestant number 12, please come to the battle ring.”
Oron wasted no time. When Emeret and Cryslat left the ring, he immediately called for the next match.
Just as his voice faded, a sharp clang rang out, and a golden beam shot into the sky. It soared 300 feet before crashing down and embedded into the battle ring.
Everyone turned their eyes to the source of the noise and saw a golden saber gleaming on the ring.
###Chapter 2351
The saber hit the ground before its owner even appeared. Its edge gleamed with a fierce, intimidating light.
“This saber looks so familiar. I think I’ve seen it before.”
“If I’m not mistaken, that’s the Inferno Saber of the Bloodfire Legion leader.”
“The leader of the Bloodfire Legion? Even someone like him is competing in the tournament? Isn’t he too old for this?”
“From what I know, the Bloodfire Legion leader has passed the Inferno Saber to his most prized disciple, Kendricks Lang, who is ranked eighth on the Legendary List.”
Amid the murmurs, a dark figure suddenly shot into the air. He landed on the battle ring just as the golden saber crashed down with a thunderous boom.
The figure was a man dressed in black with a cold and formidable presence. He appeared to be in his 30s, tall and upright, with a piercing gaze. A black, broken sword was slung across his back, which added to his unapproachable demeanor.
He was Kendricks Lang, ranked eighth on the Legendary List. Though many had never seen him in person, he was widely recognized. His extraordinary skills and blade mastery had earned him a stellar reputation, and he had remained undefeated since his rise to fame.
“Such bad luck. I can’t believe I have to face this guy,” Azalea murmured as she looked at her numbered ball. With a resigned sigh, she rose from her seat and walked toward the battle ring.
Despite the treasures Abigail had given her, Azalea still felt uncertain. While those items might be effective against ordinary grandmasters, their usefulness against great legends like Kendricks was questionable.
Since he was her opponent, she wouldn’t give up easily. She was determined to perform at her best. Her goals were to avoid disappointing Abigail and to uphold the honor of the Mystic Arts Order.
“A woman?” Kendricks frowned as he looked at Azalea approaching the battle ring. “How disappointing.”
He had anticipated facing a formidable opponent from the Legendary List, not an unknown woman. To him, defeating her didn’t seem like an achievement worth boasting about.
“I’m Azalea Larson of the Mystic Arts Order,” Azalea introduced as she stepped onto the ring. With a gentle smile and a polite nod, her elegance was hard to ignore.
The male spectators in the stand perked up, and their hearts raced at her presence.
All the female contestants in the tournament were captivating in their own right, but Azalea was particularly striking. There was something almost ethereal about her, a charm that drew everyone in and was impossible to resist.
“I don’t want to fight a woman. Just surrender,” Kendricks said flatly. His gaze was cold and unwavering.
To him, women were insignificant compared to his saber. He would rather spend his time perfecting his sword technique than engaging in idle flirtations.
“I didn’t expect you to be such a gentleman. But since I’m already here, I can’t just surrender. My mentor would never let me live it down. Please go easy on me.” Azalea cast him a delicate, almost pitiful look. She was trying to tug at his sympathy.
“Drop the pretense,” he said with a blank expression. “If you’re determined to fight, don’t expect me to hold back.” While he wasn’t eager to fight a woman, showing mercy simply wasn’t in his nature.
“Ah… I must have misunderstood. If you’re set on fighting me, I’ll just have to endure it.” She shook her head, and her downcast eyes made her look helpless.
Kendricks remained indifferent, but the male spectators were spellbound. Their hearts softened at Azalea’s seemingly vulnerable demeanor.
They would have surrendered without hesitation if they were in Kendricks’ shoes. Who could bring themselves to harm such a fragile beauty? After all, letting her win would be the perfect way to gain a gentlemanly reputation.
“The fifth match starts now,” Oron announced once both contestants were ready.
“Shall we begin?” Azalea asked politely. Her calm demeanor didn’t signal she was hurrying to strike first. She appeared composed and harmless.
“Alright then, I won’t hold back.” Kendricks didn’t hesitate. With a swift motion, he reached out, and the golden saber embedded in the ring flew back into his hand.
He stepped forward with his weapon in hand. The saber’s sharp edge scraped along the battle ring as he moved. It left a long trail and scattered sparks in its wake.
Though he hadn’t yet swung the blade, the sheer force of his presence was enough to make everyone feel a chill of apprehension.
“Blossom Storm!” Azalea raised both hands and waved toward Kendricks.
A storm of hidden weapons erupted from her sleeves. It filled the air with a relentless barrage of hundreds of projectiles.
Kendricks was a master swordsman, so she knew better than to engage him in close-quarter combat. She planned to use the thrown weapons and poison darts to wear him down, pulling back after each strike, and then find a chance to deliver a decisive blow.
“Hmph! Pathetic tricks.” Kendricks scoffed as the projectiles came rushing at him. With a swift flick of his golden saber, he conjured a massive wave of golden energy.
The wave shot up and quickly rose to over 30 feet high. It crashed forward like a tidal wave. The oppressive force swallowed the swarm of projectiles and left no trace behind.
The unstoppable wave plowed through everything in its path and barreled toward Azalea with terrifying power.
###Chapter 2352
As Azalea stared at the overwhelming golden wave, her eyes narrowed, and her heart raced. She had expected a few more exchanges, but Kendricks’s opening move was terrifying.
Without hesitating, she flicked her wrist and pulled out a red paper parasol that seemed to appear from nowhere.
The parasol gleamed with deep red hues, and its surface etched with mysterious runes. As light danced over its surface, the runes began to pulse and whirl as if infused with life.
“The Abyssal Parasol?” The spectators immediately recognized the origin of the red paper parasol.
The Abyssal Parasol was a powerful defensive divine artifact known for its dark and formidable properties. It was once the prized possession of the Abyssal Legion, but it was believed to have been lost after their downfall. Surprisingly, it ended up in the hands of the Mystic Arts Order.
“Go!” Azalea opened the parasol and thrust it forward against the golden wave. It shot into the air and shone brightly. A layer of crimson light instantly surrounded her, and from afar, it appeared as if she was standing inside a massive eggshell.
The golden wave crashed down with immense force, slamming against the crimson barrier with an ear-splitting roar. The barrier shook violently under the impact. It distorted and wavered against the relentless onslaught.
Inside the barrier, Azalea was deep in concentration, forming hand seals. As the golden wave pounded relentlessly, her body began to tremble, and sweat beaded on her forehead.
Even with the protection of the Abyssal Parasol, Kendricks’ assault was overwhelming. At that moment, she understood the terrifying power of those ranked on the Legendary List. Even a casual strike from one of them could put her life at risk.
“Oh? You still have something else up your sleeve?” He raised an eyebrow, genuinely surprised.
From his keen eyes, he could tell Azalea had just reached grandmaster level, and her skills were mediocre. Typically, he could finish her off with a single strike, so he didn’t bother to follow up.
Kendricks hadn’t expected her to have a defensive divine artifact that could block his attack, but he didn’t give it much thought.
From the moment they stepped into the ring, the outcome of this match was already decided. Even with the Abyssal Parasol shielding her, it would only take him a bit more effort to win.
“I’d like to see if you can still block my attack.” Kendricks wasted no time and raised his golden saber. Then, he swung it toward Azalea from afar.
A massive golden blade aura shot out, which was more terrifying than before, and crashed into the crimson barrier.
An explosion rang out as energy rippled outward. The barrier instantly shattered, and the Abyssal Parasol hovering in the air dimmed and fell to the ground.
Azalea, still forming hand seals, stumbled back several steps from the impact. Her face had gone pale, and blood trickled from the corner of her mouth. Although the attack hadn’t struck her directly, the shockwave and recoil left her badly injured.
“Let’s see how you block my attack without the Abyssal Parasol.”
Kendricks didn’t show the slightest bit of mercy. After shattering the barrier, he raised his saber again and swung at her from a distance.
The strike was just as simple and brutal as before, without any fancy moves. The golden blade aura crashed down like a meteor, its force overwhelming and terrifying.
Azalea’s expression changed. She quickly pulled a blue talisman from her bosom and hurled it toward the incoming blade aura.
The golden aura shattered with a loud explosion. Then, a streak of blue lightning struck Kendricks with blinding speed.
He was hit by lightning and stumbled back several steps. His clothes were in tatters, and his hair was singed black.
He stood there in shock as he stared at the wound on his chest. It had a charred mark where the blue lightning had struck him. Though it wasn’t a life- threatening injury, the searing pain was inescapable.
However, Kendricks was more disturbed by the fact that a seemingly weak woman had injured him than by the pain itself. What should have been an effortless victory had left him looking ragged and humiliated.
At that instant, the spectators were equally stunned and murmured in disbelief.
“Did I see that right? That beauty injured Kendricks?”
“It’s not easy to injure the eighth- ranked master on the Legendary List.”
“Could that blue lightning be the Divine Talisman from Sacred Wrym Summit?”
“You’re right. That was definitely the Divine Talisman. Besides the talisman, no other weapon could injure Kendricks.”
“But… Why would a disciple from the Mystic Arts Order have a Divine Talisman from the Sacred Wyrm Summit?”
The spectators were abuzz with confusion.
Kendricks being injured was shocking enough. However, the fact that he was hurt by a Divine Talisman, which was exclusive to Sacred Wrym Summit, left them bewildered. Still, they couldn’t understand how a Mystic Arts disciple could possess such a talisman.
“I didn’t expect the Divine Talisman to be this handy. What a pleasant surprise! “Abigail grinned from her seat, then cupped her hands toward Caleb, who stood not too far away. “Thanks, little monk.”
At her words, every eye turned toward Caleb, including the Mighty Three Cyrus, Alloy, and Penelope. Even Kaden, the newly appointed Sage of the Sacred Wyrm Summit, looked at him.
Caleb was speechless. He felt a chill run down his spine as cold sweat dripped from his brow. He thought, “Damn it, I shouldn’t have made that bet. Now I’ve lost a stack of Divine Talismans and been exposed in front of everyone.”
He could already imagine the whipping he would get when he returned later. The thought alone made his head throb.
###Chapter 2353
The lack of strict rules at Sacred Wrym Summit allowed Abigail to set up betting pools.
Caleb couldn’t resist the urge to play a few rounds out of curiosity. He initially had some luck and racked up a decent win. But the tide turned, and he lost everything he had won.
With the excitement and adrenaline pumping, he had nothing else to wager, so he bet with the Divine Talisman. From that moment on, it spiraled out of control.
It wasn’t until he lost dozens of talismans that he finally realized he was over his head and decided to give up. Hence, the talismans in Azalea’s possession were a result of his reckless gambling.
“Where did you get a Divine Talisman? “Kendricks frowned as his expression darkened.
The Divine Talisman was a hallmark of Sacred Wyrm Summit, and the lightning talisman she had used earlier was particularly rare. Kendricks found it absurd that a disciple from the Mystic Arts Order would possess the talismans.
“Heh… it’s a secret.” Azalea grinned.
Before the match, Abigail had given her three Divine Talismans. Azalea had already used one with impressive results. If she played her cards right with the other two, there might still be a glimmer of hope to win the match.
“Hmph! Do you think you can defeat me with the Divine Talisman? Dream on.” Kendricks tossed his golden saber to the ground, where it sank deep into the battle ring and left the hilt sticking up. He then slowly unsheathed a black blade from his back.
It was a broken sword, entirely black and seemingly unremarkable. Yet the moment he unsheathed it, his entire demeanor changed dramatically. He exuded a chilling intensity, fierce and filled with commanding power.
The golden light that had surrounded him vanished. Then, a swirling black mist appeared, and he looked like a demon who emerged from the underworld.
“Holy crap! Kendricks is going all out.”
“That blade he’s holding looks strange. It feels like it’s been corrupted by dark energy.”
“If I’m not mistaken, that must be the legendary Demonblade, which was once the top of the ten famous swords in the world. It was broken by a mysterious elder and sealed away. I can’t believe it ended up in Kendricks’ hands. It still possesses world- shattering power even if it was broken.”
“With the Demonblade and the Bloodfiery Rampage technique, he’s like supercharging a beast. That Mystic Arts Order disciple doesn’t stand a chance.”
The spectators couldn’t help but feel a chill as they watched Kendricks enveloped in dark energy.
It was rare to find the Demonblade, but wielding it was even more difficult. Most swordsmen couldn’t even draw the blade. Even if they managed to do so, the demonic energy within could easily drive them to madness.
But Kendricks seemed unfazed, which showed he had completely mastered the Demonblade and become its new master.
“You’ve forced me to draw the Demonblade. Consider it an honor to die by its edge.” As the words left his lips, he unsheathed his blade.
With a single, fluid motion, he swung the Demonblade in a simple and unembellished slash. But the moment the blade moved, a dark blade aura erupted from its edge.
At that instant, the world seemed to plunge into darkness. The inky blackness seemed ready to consume everything in its path. Wherever it swept through, the ground withered, and the air felt thick and heavy. Though silent, it was filled with lethal intent.
“Abyssal Parasol!” Azalea acted without hesitation and quickly activated the seal.
The once-dim parasol soared into the air and radiated a fierce crimson light. It formed a towering wall between her and the incoming dark blade aura.
The dark blade aura pierced through the towering wall and shattered the Abyssal Parasol. The defensive divine artifact exploded and proved ineffective against Kendricks’ attack.
Panicking, Azalea retreated while frantically unleashing a barrage of hidden weapons. But no matter how she attacked or defended, her poison darts disintegrated when they touched the dark blade aura.
Seeing no way to evade or block the attack, she shouted desperately, “I concede! I give up!”
As soon as she said that, a bolt of blue lightning struck down from the sky and hit the dark blade aura. The explosion echoed as the lightning shattered it.
As the black energy dissipated, Oron stood protectively before Azalea in the battle ring.
“You!” Kendricks’s anger surged at the sight. He was just moments away from decapitating her to ease his frustration. To his dismay, Oron’s quick intervention had neutralized his attack.
“Contestant number 12 has already conceded. There’s no need for unnecessary killing,” Oron said calmly.
The tournament rules were straightforward. Contestants had to fight to the death, get knocked out of the ring, or surrender voluntarily.
Since Azalea had already surrendered, he couldn’t just stand by and do nothing. Additionally, he was motivated by the fact that she possessed a Divine Talisman, which might be connected to one of the disciples of Sacred Wyrm Summit. This was why he acted immediately to protect her.
“Thank you, Master Oron, for your timely rescue,” she said. She was still shaken from the terrifying blow she had narrowly avoided.
If Oron hadn’t used Stormcraft to deflect the dark blade aura, she wouldn’t have been able to withstand such power.
Azalea realized that the gap between her and the masters on the Legendary List was still too great. They couldn’t make up for that difference, even with all her divine artifacts.
Fortunately, she had the wit to concede in time. Otherwise, today could have been her last.
###Chapter 2354
“Hmph! You got lucky this time.” Kendricks glared at Azalea, then sheathed his Demonblade and left the battle ring.
Even though he won, there was no thrill in it. He didn’t feel proud about winning against a vulnerable woman when she had managed to injure him.
Since his rise to fame, he had never felt so embarrassed. The Divine Talismans had played a part, but he couldn’t deny being outmatched and humiliated.
The missed chance to retaliate only deepened his frustration. Kendricks vowed he wouldn’t show the Mystic Arts Order disciples mercy if he faced them again.
“Contestant number five is the winner in this match,” Oron announced.
The spectators reacted with warm applause.
Azalea’s stunning performance and Kendricks’s formidable strength were worthy of praise. Most previous matches had been brutal, where a single misstep could cost a contestant their life.
It was rare to see someone as wise as her, who knew when she was outmatched and chose to surrender immediately. Her quick thinking had saved her life.
“Grand Sorceress, I’m sorry for disappointing you by not winning the match.” After returning to her seat, Azalea acknowledged her mistake.
“What’s important is that you’re safe. Winning or losing doesn’t matter,” Abigail replied with a smile.
She continued, “Kendricks is ranked eighth on the Legendary List, so it’s natural that you couldn’t defeat him.
“I was actually worried you might impulsively push through to the end, which would have been unwise. Besides, you performed admirably and injured him, so it’s not a total loss.”
To her, Azalea’s safety was more important than winning. While she hoped Azalea would make it to the top eight, it wouldn’t have been a huge concern if she hadn’t. After all, winning and losing were simply parts of the competition and couldn’t be forced.
“The sixth match is about to begin. Please welcome contestant number six and contestant number 11 to the battle ring.” Oron’s voice echoed.
“Finally, it’s my turn!”
Suddenly, a burst of laughter filled the venue, and a figure in green flashed into the air. After hovering for a second, the figure vanished and reappeared in the center of the battle ring.
Everyone gasped in astonishment at such a bizarre display of movement.
“What the hell was that? Was that Spectral Sprint technique?”
“No idea. It happened so fast I couldn’t see.”
“If I’m not mistaken, it’s a technique that lets the user shorten the distance between steps and allows them to flicker within a specific range. Their movements are unpredictable and mysterious.”
The spectators buzzed with astonishment.
This tournament showcased exceptional talents and extraordinary techniques. The outcome of each match remained uncertain until the very end.
“Where’s my opponent? Come out and fight!” The man in the green robe stood at the center of the battle ring. His hair flowed despite the still air, and his robes fluttered, which gave him an imposing presence.
“Sorry to keep you waiting.” A booming voice echoed.
Following that, a man in white, with an almost otherworldly beauty, leaped into the air. He crossed 300 feet in a few light steps and landed on the battle ring. It was Dalen Shade.
“I’m Dalen Shade, a disciple of the Shadow Citadel.” With a folding fan in hand, he courteously saluted his opponent.
His refined demeanor and striking good looks elicited gasps of admiration from many female spectators. Although he might not have been the strongest contestant, his charm certainly made him stand out.
Even Alicia, who ranked among the top on the Beauty Ranking, couldn’t help but be amazed. She had never seen a man with such breathtaking beauty. If he were a woman, she might have felt overshadowed.
“Dalen Shade? I’ve never heard of you.” The man in green gave Dalen a once- over with noticeable disdain. Though his looks were nothing to scoff at, he felt utterly overshadowed next to Dalen.
“May I know your name?” Dalen smiled.
“I’m unaffiliated with any guide. My name is Leigh. Jude Leigh,” the man in green replied proudly.
“So, you’re Jude Leigh, ranked tenth on the Legendary List. It’s a pleasure to meet you.” Dalen quickly realized his opponent’s identity.
He remembered Jude had fought earlier but had finished the match quickly without revealing his identity. Dalen thought he was probably trying to keep a low profile.
“Is that really Jude Leigh? He’s been keeping a low profile.”
“Given the unclear situation before, it made sense for him to stay under the radar. Now that the top masters on the Legendary List have appeared, he has nothing to worry about.”
“I’ve heard he’s an expert in the occult. His techniques are bizarre and endless. Even most grandmasters struggle against him.”
“If he’s made it onto the Legendary List, there has to be something extraordinary about him. I’m looking forward to seeing what he can do.”
Once the spectators learned Jude’s identity, the murmurs grew louder.
Each master on the Legendary List had remarkable strength or unique skills, and Jude was no exception.
“Now that you know who I am, why hesitate? Just surrender to save us both the hassle,” Jude said calmly. His tone wasn’t overly arrogant, but it carried an undeniable authority.
“I’ve come this far. If I surrender now, I’ll be a laughingstock.” Dalen smiled. ” I have to give it at least my best shot.”
“Do you seriously think you can defeat me?” Jude scoffed. “Clearly, you don’t understand the significance of being on the Legendary List.”
To him, ordinary geniuses couldn’t compare to those on the Legendary List. In his eyes, Dalen was just setting himself up for humiliation.
###Chapter 2355
“The masters on the Legendary List are undoubtedly formidable. But it’s not our style to give up without a fight at the Shadow Citadel. Given my responsibilities, I must take this chance. I hope you can understand, Jude.” Dalen remained composed with a faint smile on his face.
“Since you’re so full of yourself, bring it on. I’m eager to see what you’ve got.” Jude stood with his hands clasped behind his back. His posture looked arrogant, almost as if he were taunting Dalen to attack.
He wouldn’t be so dismissive if he were facing a strong opponent. But when it came to an unknown rookie, Jude didn’t see any reason to be concerned since it would only cost him a little of his time.
“Please forgive me,” Dalen said casually. He clasped his hands before lunging forward with a palm strike toward Jude.
Though the strike looked deceptively slow, it was actually astonishingly fast. The chill in the air arrived before his hand did.
As the palm wind swept by, the surface of the battle ring frosted over instantly. This was the Shadow Citadel’s signature technique, the Glacial Strike.
Rumor had it that this technique carried immense power and intense cold. Those struck by the palm wind risked becoming frozen and immobile or, in severe cases, losing their life on the spot.
Dalen used his signature move right from the start, which showed that he regarded Jude as a formidable opponent. He couldn’t afford to hold back when facing a master from the Legendary List because a moment’s hesitation could lead to his defeat.
The Glacial Strike rushed in with a gust of icy wind and slammed into Jude’s chest. Instead of reacting with surprise, Dalen frowned and quickly shifted to a defensive stance.
In the next moment, the figure he had struck vanished. Dalen realized he hadn’t hit Jude’s real body but only an illusory image.
“You are too slow. You can’t even touch me.” A mocking voice taunted from behind him.
Dalen turned to see Jude standing 30 feet away with his hands behind his back and a scornful smile. Without a word, Dalen launched another attack with even greater speed and force. The momentum was crackling like a thunderclap.
“It’s a futile effort.” Jude scoffed and shook his head. To him, Dalen’s persistence was nothing but foolishness.
Dalen’s second palm strike slammed into thin air. It created an explosive sound reverberating through the venue, highlighting the force behind his attack.
“Hey! Where are you hitting? I’m right here.” Jude’s taunting voice echoed from behind.
Dalen zeroed in on the sound without looking back and launched another palm strike. A white palm shadow shot forward that covered 30 feet, but Jude’s figure blurred again as if he had never been there.
“You’re too slow. With speed like that, you’ll tire yourself out before you even touch a hair on my head,” Jude continued to mock.
His figure flickered like a ghost as he darted back and forth across the battle ring. One moment, he was on the left, the next on the right, in front, and then behind. His movements were erratic and impossible to predict.
Surprisingly, Jude left no visible trace of movement. He was simply executing his Spectral Sprint. No matter how Dalen launched his attacks or chased him down, he couldn’t even touch the hem of Jude’s clothes. Jude was toying with him like a cat playing with a mouse.
“As expected of a master on the Legendary List, his Spectral Sprint Arts is simply amazing.”
“The difference in their strengths is staggering, and they’re not even in the same league. Even if Jude doesn’t throw a single punch, his agility alone is enough to keep Dalen at bay.”
“It’s humiliating to be played with like this. If it were me, I would have surrendered long ago to avoid this disgrace.”
As the spectators watched Dalen being led around like a dog, whispers erupted among them.
It was clear to everyone that Jude was toying with his opponent, and the match outcome was a foregone conclusion. Whenever Jude grew tired of the game, that would be when Dalen faced defeat.
“Crystal, Mr. Shade seems to be in a tough spot. If it keeps going like this, he’s bound to lose.” Ruby frowned in concern.
Every palm strike from Dalen hit nothing but air and failed to hurt Jude. His efforts were utterly futile.
“Though he is strong, he still falls short compared to the beasts on the Legendary List.” Crystal shook her head.
Those who made it into the top 16 were undoubtedly geniuses, but there had been a wide gap in skill even among them. The masters on the Legendary List were in a league of their own, while the rest were just there to fill the ranks.
“Hurry up! Faster.
“Why don’t you hit me once? I’m starting to feel anxious for you.
“I just don’t get it. With your weak skills, what gives you the nerve to challenge me?
“Have you ever heard of a fool trying to take on something too big for him? How ridiculous!
“Guess what? You’re that fool right now.”
Jude dodged the attacks in the battle ring while mocking Dalen as if watching a clown perform.
Throughout the fight, Dalen said nothing but relentlessly launched one attack after another. Each one was faster and fiercer than the last, and he completely disregarded his own stamina.
Jude continued to mock him, “I suggest you concede. If you keep this up, you’ll exhaust yourself. You need to know your limits-”
Suddenly, a sharp gust of palm wind surged toward him, interrupting his mockery. Unfortunately, his body had only started to blur into form, and he couldn’t blur out again.
Dalen timed his strike perfectly.
There was a loud explosion. Jude couldn’t dodge in time and took a heavy blow to the chest. The impact sent him flying through the air.
###Chapter 2356
Jude was struck senseless by Dalen’s attack. He felt his life essence solidify within him, and his body stiffened. He was immobilized, and his internal energy couldn’t flow properly.
The Shadow Citadel’s ultimate technique, Glacial Strike, could instantly immobilize its target. Despite Jude’s strength, he was still unable to escape its effects.
“What the hell! Jude actually got hit.”
“That has to be a fluke, right? After throwing wild punches for so long, it was bound to happen eventually.”
The spectators were taken aback as they watched Jude get sent flying by a single blow. To them, the outcome of the match seemed clear-cut.
Jude had spent the entire time toying with Dalen without launching an attack, so the hit should be a coincidence.
At a glance, it seemed like Jude had carelessly thrown himself into Dalen’s palm. But there was no denying that this strike changed the one-sided domination’s outcome.
As Jude’s body went limp, Dalen seized the moment to strike. He leaped into the air to catch up to the airborne Jude and slammed his palm from above.
“You-”
Jude’s eyes widened in surprise. But before he could say more, Dalen struck him hard in the chest.
His body plummeted like a cannonball and smashed into the battle ring with a thunderous bang. The impact left a human-shaped crater in the ground, sending dust and debris flying into the air.
Jude coughed up blood. His hair was a tangled mess, his clothes were in tatters, and he looked utterly battered.
He hadn’t expected that a single misstep would give Dalen the chance to strike with such relentless force. Though he had mastered the Spectral Sprint technique, his physical resilience was lacking.
After being hit by the Glacial Strike, he became vulnerable when he couldn’t channel his internal energy for protection. After enduring two palm strikes, he was already gravely injured, and his energy was in disarray.
Before Jude could catch his breath, Dalen was enveloped in an icy aura and descended from above. He hurtled down with his palm thrust forward.
The sound echoed like thunder in Jude’s ears. A ten-foot-long white palm shadow materialized out of nowhere and crashed down on him like a small mountain. The force of this strike was far more devastating than the previous two. It was fierce and unyielding.
“You’re going too far!” Fury coursed through Jude as he faced an unavoidable attack.
He ignored the risk of damaging his circulatory pathways and forced his internal energy into a protective barrier. A loud crash echoed as the white palm shadow slammed the barrier and sent shockwaves through the air.
The barrier held for barely a second before shattering, but that brief moment was enough to save Jude’s life. Just before the palm descended, he regained control of his body and executed the Spectral Sprint technique.
The white palm shadow slammed toward the crater and created a loud explosion that shook the battle ring. By then, he had teleported around 160 feet away.
As soon as he reappeared, Jude coughed up blood. The forced activation of his internal energy while his circulatory pathways were frozen had caused severe internal damage. It worsened his injuries and likely hindered his future cultivation.
But compared to taking that strike head -on, it was worth the cost since one direct hit might have left him disabled or worse.
“What a bummer.” Dalen felt let down by the last attack that missed.
He had thought he found the perfect chance to end the match quickly. But he never expected Jude to be so decisive and willing to damage his own circulatory pathways to avoid the third strike.
After all, those who made it onto the Legendary List weren’t just ordinary martial artists.
“Oh my gosh! Who would’ve thought Jude would get beaten up like this? Totally unexpected.”
“No kidding! A master from the Legendary List, getting pushed to this point by some unknown rookie is just embarrassing.”
“Honestly, if Jude hadn’t underestimated his opponent, he probably would’ve ended this match ages ago. But instead, he tried to toy with him and nearly cost him everything.”
The spectators murmured as they watched Jude’s disheveled state. To them, his injuries were the result of sheer arrogance.
He had underestimated Dalen and didn’t take him seriously. Instead of playing it smart, he had ended up ensnared in his own game. The predicament was entirely his fault.
“Fine. You’ve got skills.” Jude took a deep breath and glared sharply at Dalen with intent to kill.
He continued, “Since I rose to prominence, no one has ever injured me like this. You’ve successfully pissed me off and awakened the beast inside me.”
Dalen didn’t reply. He just observed Jude’s internal energy flow continuously.
“Now, I’ll show you the consequences
of angering me,” Jude roared.
His body shook and split into three identical forms. With another shudder, they multiplied into nine.
Nine Judes charged in unison and lunged at Dalen from every direction.
“Die!”
###Chapter 2357
“Die!” the nine Judes roared in unison as they attacked Dalen.
The clones flashed across the battle ring. They wove in and out, blurring the line between reality and illusion. It was impossible to tell which was the real one.
With his mastery of the Spectral Sprint technique, Jude was already hard to follow. And he became nearly impossible to track when he used the Spectral Clone technique.
Dalen quickly channeled his internal energy to form a white barrier around himself. Just as the shield materialized, a relentless storm of punches rained down from every direction. Each blow sent ripples through the barrier.
As the punches rained like a torrential downpour, Dalen’s barrier shook like a boat caught in a fierce storm and threatened to break at any moment.
“Do you think you can stop me? I’ll rip you to shreds.” Jude vented his pent-up rage as he threw more punches.
As a renowned master on the Legendary List, it was embarrassing to be injured by an unknown rookie. If he didn’t reclaim his honor right then, how could he hope to establish himself in the martial world again?
While Jude unleashed his relentless attacks, Dalen didn’t rush to counter. Instead, he focused on channeling his internal energy to strengthen his protective barrier.
Jude’s countless clones were a major problem. They made it impossible for Dalen to identify the real one.
Every time a clone or the real Jude threw a punch, they disappeared quickly, and Dalen had no chance to counterattack. At this rate, he wouldn’t last long, no matter how strong he was.
“Oh my gosh! Who could possibly withstand this combination of Spectral Clone and Spectral Sprint techniques?”
“As expected of a master on the Legendary List, Jude is truly extraordinary. He can unleash such terrifying power even while injured. Amazing.”
“To be fair, that disciple from the Shadow Citadel fought valiantly. He was close to winning but ultimately fell just one move short.”
As the spectators observed Dalen taking hits in the center of the battle ring, their reactions varied.
Some cheered for Jude because they were impressed by his strength and ferocity despite his injuries. Others felt sorry for Dalen, who nearly achieved an upset victory and could have become another dark horse like Caleb.
But unlike Caleb, who defeated the ninth-ranked Sam through sheer skill, Dalen’s earlier advantage seemed too opportunistic.
“What now? Mr. Shade’s situation seems dire.” Ruby watched the intense scene in the ring with growing anxiety.
When Dalen had executed an impressive series of moves earlier, she thought he might win. But unexpectedly, Jude had caught on and launched a fierce counterattack.
“Jude is furious now. He is showing why he’s ranked on the Legendary List with his strength. It’ll be tough for Mr. Shade to turn this around.” Crystal shook her head.
Even though Jude was wounded, his foundation remained solid. With the combination of Spectral Sprint and the Spectral Clone techniques, he was utterly unstoppable.
At the moment, Dalen was just passively defending. He couldn’t turn the tide of the match unless he had some hidden ace up his sleeve.
“Die! Just die!” Jude grew furious and aggressive with each strike. His internal energy surged as countless shadows and fists rained down on Dalen’s protective barrier.
Cracks soon appeared on the white protective barrier, invigorating Jude. If he could shatter it, he could kill Dalen to vent the pent-up anger inside him.
But as the crisis deepened, Dalen surprised everyone by closing his eyes.
Jude’s Spectral Clone and Spectral Sprint techniques were nearly impossible to track by the naked eye. Dalen knew he could only rely on acute perception to track Jude’s unpredictable movements. It was as difficult as finding a needle in a haystack.
But Dalen had no choice because Jude’s relentless strikes intensified the cracks in the barrier, and it spread like a spider web.
“I’ll gladly grant your wish since you want to die.” Jude sneered. He channeled all his internal energy into another heavy punch against the barrier.
Finally, the barrier shattered with a loud bang. He seized the moment and directed his clones and his real self to strike at Dalen’s vital points.
Then, Dalen finally opened his eyes. He didn’t put up any defense or try to dodge. Instead, he turned and pointed sharply at the flashing figure.
This seemingly ordinary gesture concealed a powerful force of destruction, which caused the surrounding space to warp slightly.
Jude’s fist struck Dalen hard, while Dalen’s finger landed precisely on Jude’s chest.
In the next second, Dalen was thrown back as if hit by a truck. He flew over 30 feet before landing and sliding several more feet before coming to a stop. Blood trickled from his mouth and nose, clearly a result of Jude’s heavy punch.
In contrast, Jude remained rooted after being struck by Dalen’s finger. His face showed a mix of shock and disbelief.
All his clones vanished, and only his real body stood there in stunned disbelief. Despite using Spectral Clone and Spectral Sprint techniques, he couldn’t understand how Dalen had pinpointed him so precisely. It was utterly unbelievable.
“You… you…” Jude raised a finger to point at Dalen.
Before he could say anything more, he suddenly coughed up a mouthful of blood. In the next moment, he collapsed and lay unconscious.
###Chapter 2358
The venue fell into stunned silence as all eyes were drawn to the injured and unconscious Jude. Nobody had anticipated this outcome.
Just seconds ago, Jude had been dominating the match. He relentlessly attacked Dalen and was on the verge of shattering his barrier to secure victory. But suddenly, he collapsed to the ground.
The sequence of events unfolded so quickly that the spectators barely had time to process what had happened.
“What just happened? Jude lost?”
“That was odd! What the heck happened a moment ago?”
“This match is full of surprises.”
After a brief moment of silence, the spectators erupted into an uproar.
Jude’s defeat was utterly unexpected. At first, he toyed with Dalen and underestimated him. However, his overconfidence allowed Dalen to seize the opportunity and deliver powerful blows.
Furious, Jude unleashed a fierce assault that left Dalen struggling to defend himself. But against all odds, Jude lost, and Dalen emerged as the surprising victor.
The sequence had so many twists and turns that it bewildered everyone.
“Wait, Mr. Shade actually won?” After a brief moment of shock, Ruby laughed excitedly. “Crystal, did you see that? He won. This is amazing.”
“He actually pulled it off?” Crystal’s eyes widened in disbelief at the outcome.
Although Jude had given Dalen a chance during the match, he ultimately shifted the momentum in his favor through his exceptional skill. His Spectral Clone and Spectral Sprint techniques were powerful enough to secure victory.
Still, she couldn’t understand how Dalen made such a comeback.
“Dr. Rhys, your friend is really impressive. I can’t believe he actually beat Jude. That was totally unexpected.”
Alicia and the others exchanged looks of surprise.
In terms of strength, Jude was clearly superior. After all, reaching the Legendary List demonstrated his exceptional talent. His mastery of the Spectral Sprint and the Spectral Clone technique showcased his remarkable abilities.
In contrast, Dalen hadn’t displayed any particularly overpowering techniques, which made his victory seem puzzling.
“Jude underestimated him and gave away too many chances.” Fenley finally spoke up. “But to be fair, Dalen is no ordinary martial artist. He has a remarkable ability to seize opportunities, and even the smallest flaw can be exploited by his keen insight. That’s a rare talent.”
While others might not have noticed, he had seen it clearly. Dalen won because he accurately identified Jude’s true form among the eight clones at the critical moment. But that was only part of the reason.
He also had predicted where Jude’s true form would land, and he had just a split second to attack. If he missed that moment, defeat would have been inevitable. But he seized that fleeting instant.
As Jude’s true form attacked, Dalen chose to trade blows. He took a punch from Jude while unleashing his signature technique, Pyro Touch.
Jude was already injured, and with his lower physical resilience, the impact from Dalen’s Pyro Touch knocked him out cold.
Ultimately, Jude’s loss was justified because Dalen’s victory was not merely due to luck but genuine strength.
However, Dalen’s power was not just a matter of cultivation level. His keen insight and perceptive abilities were something even Fenley envied.
Dalen sighed as he relaxed his tense muscles in the battle ring. After all, it was a close call.
He wouldn’t have had a chance to counterattack if he hadn’t sensed Jude’s subtle flaw. Techniques like the Spectral Clone and Spectral Sprint were challenging to counter, so he figured that luck played a significant role in his victory.
As expected, every master on the Legendary List was formidable. If Jude, ranked tenth, was this tough, Dalen couldn’t imagine how powerful the top- ranked masters must be.
With his win over Jude, Dalen advanced to the top eight. He had achieved his main goal for this trip and upheld the reputation of the Shadow Citadel.
As for advancing to the finals, he had no intention of pushing his luck. He knew the opponents ahead were too strong, so he could only do his best and let fate take its course.
After the sixth match ended, the seventh round kicked off. This round featured two talented disciples from the major guilds.
On one side was Kieran Rowan, the principal disciple of the Echo Myst Clan, and on the other was Zane Soren, the senior disciple of the Embraco Order. 2
Both were renowned figures in the martial world. Though they hadn’t secured spots on the Legendary List, their strengths were nearly on par.
As the match commenced, Kieran and Zane didn’t hold back. They unleashed their full strength and fought with remarkable intensity.
With the honor of their guilds at stake, neither was willing to back down. They showcased a variety of impressive techniques, which resulted in a brutal exchange that left them bloodied and scarred.
In the end, Zane managed to gain the upper hand and knocked Kieran out of the battle ring. However, Zane didn’t escape unscathed. Though he won, it was a hard-fought victory.
This match was the most closely contested and evenly-matched fight since the quarterfinals began. With the seventh match over, the eighth and final match of the day began.
“Now, let’s welcome contestants number eight and number nine to the ring.”
As the battle ring was cleared, Oron’s voice echoed.
“Finally, it’s my turn.” Dustin stretched lazily, then walked straight to the battle ring. He didn’t even bother to check the numbers to guess who would be his opponent.
It was Jeremiah Price, the foreign contestant sent by the Hall of Gods to compete in the Combat Tournament.
###Chapter 2359
“Dr. Rhys, good luck.”
As Dustin stepped into the battle ring, Alicia and Aurora cheered behind him. Their enthusiasm quickly drew more spectators to join in. Soon, the venue erupted in thunderous applause, with cheers echoing from every direction.
In his earlier match against Bill, Dustin demonstrated his immense strength and brought honor to his nation. After winning that match, his popularity had soared. But in this match, he was once again facing a foreign opponent.
Regardless of the spectators’ personal opinions, they would back him unconditionally. When faced with an outsider, Dragonmarsh’s people often displayed remarkable unity. Even though internal conflicts were frequent, they united as one the moment an external threat appeared.
After Dustin entered the ring, Jeremiah, contestant number nine, stepped forward. In contrast to the deceased Bill and George, Jeremiah didn’t act arrogantly. Aside from the time he showcased his strength by defeating Truce, he had kept a low profile.
However, Dustin understood that this composed priest was only putting on an act. Among the three contestants sent by the Hall of Gods, Jeremiah was the strongest and more formidable than the other two combined.
“I can tell you’re a dangerous opponent. I bet defeating you won’t be easy today.” Jeremiah’s gaze fixed intently on Dustin. His expression was tense, yet he showed no signs of underestimating Dustin.
Though he couldn’t fully gauge Dustin’s strength, the threat he posed felt comparable to Fenley and the top- ranked experts on the Legendary List. Jeremiah sensed that Dustin might be even stronger. He was determined to give this fight everything he had.
“Defeat me?” Dustin replied with a faint smile. “If you manage to walk away alive, I’ll count that as a win for you.”
He had no intention of showing mercy to the lackeys of the Hall of Gods, especially those who posed a serious threat. He would handle any opponent he could.
“Oh? You seem pretty confident,”
Jeremiah said, grinning. “Are you so sure you can defeat me?”
“Let’s find out,” Dustin replied calmly.
“Fine! Let me test your limits.”
Jeremiah scoffed as his body began to transform. A dense layer of black scales quickly covered him like armor and protected his vulnerable parts.
His arms transformed into sharp, black blades that resembled the weapons used by George earlier. However, Jeremiah’s genetic modifications were even more advanced, which made him significantly stronger.
He had absorbed the best traits from dozens of species, which enhanced his speed, strength, defense, reflexes, recovery, and senses. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say he had no weaknesses because he was a nearly perfect killing machine.
“Show me your weapon.” Jeremiah slowly spread his arms wide.
The sharp blades cut into the battle ring floor and left deep grooves as if slicing through butter. The ease with which they carved the surface showcased their deadly sharpness.
“You’ll see it when you’re dead.” Dustin smiled.
Despite Jeremiah’s cunning nature, he was still annoyed by Dustin’s blatant disregard.
“The match… begins now!” Sensing the charged atmosphere, Oron quickly announced the start of the match and stepped out of the battle ring.
“Let’s see what you’ve got!” Jeremiah shot forward like an arrow and launched his attack.
He was in peak physical condition, and his senses were razor-sharp. He could detect and exploit any flaw in Dustin’s stance with deadly precision.
As Jeremiah closed in, Dustin flicked his wrist and sent three silver needles flying from his sleeve. Two darted toward Jeremiah’s eyes, while the third targeted his heart.
Jeremiah grunted but didn’t flinch. He charged ahead and swung his blades to deflect the two needles aimed at his eyes with a sharp clang. He ignored the third needle and let it pierce the scales on his chest.
The needle collided with the scales and sent sparks flying. Unfazed, he continued his charge while the needle twisted and fell to the ground without causing him any injury.
“Interesting.” Dustin smirked.
His silver needles weren’t deadly weapons but were typically more than enough to take down any grandmaster martial artist. Their ineffectiveness against Jeremiah revealed just how formidable his defenses were.
“Die!” In an instant, Jeremiah closed the gap, and his blades swung toward Dustin’s neck with devastating force.
###Chapter 2360
Faced with the black blade slicing toward him, Dustin stood firm. He didn’t flinch or evade. Instead, he simply extended two fingers and clamped down on it.
As soon as the blade met his fingers, it stopped and emitted a faint hum as it glimmered ominously in the light.
“Huh?” Jeremiah’s eyes widened as he watched Dustin catch the blade between his fingers.
With that strike, he had unleashed at least 80% of his strength, and the modified blade was sharp enough to cut through steel effortlessly. It was a force capable of slicing through anything- even a tank.
But Dustin had stopped the attack, and he had done so with just two fingers. Was he also some kind of genetically enhanced beast?
Jeremiah’s shock quickly turned to resolve as he tried to withdraw his blade. But before he could muster the strength, Dustin’s fingers twisted slightly, and with a sharp crack, the blade shattered.
Jeremiah frowned. Though he was surprised, he didn’t hesitate as he swung another blade toward Dustin’s head.
“Again?” Dustin repeated the move and extended his fingers to catch the descending blade. With a sharp twist, he snapped it in half.
Jeremiah staggered back a few steps from the force. He glanced down and saw both blades on his arms shattered. The weapons that could slice through steel now felt like paper in front of Dustin. It was a harsh blow to his confidence.
“Do you have any other tricks?” Dustin asked coolly.
“Things are just heating up!” Jeremiah spread his arms wide and brought them down with force.
In an instant, the shattered blade in his arms began to regenerate and restore itself in the blink of an eye. The blade was an extension of him, and his body was infused with the genes of countless powerful creatures.
Among those abilities was the enhanced regeneration typical of vampires. Not only could he regrow a severed arm, but if his head were completely severed, he could quickly heal as long as it was reattached.
As one of the most formidable and successful genetically enhanced soldiers, this was merely one of Jeremiah’s many capabilities.
“Impressive.” Dustin narrowed his eyes and was surprised by how quickly Jeremiah regenerated the broken blades on his arms. It was faster than George’s.
“Bring it on!” Jeremiah charged forward fearlessly.
He raised his blades again, and his arms swung forward in unison. The sharp blades descended toward Dustin’s neck from either side like the jaws of a massive pair of scissors.
Dustin scoffed upon seeing that and charged ahead. Just before the blades could strike, he drove his fist into Jeremiah’s chest.
The impact shattered Jeremiah’s scales and created a bloodied, gaping wound the size of a fist. His body flew back over ten yards as if struck by a truck.
But before he could crash to the ground, he flipped midair. He landed firmly on his feet, and it left two deep impressions on the ring.
Jeremiah glanced down at his chest and frowned. His scales could withstand divine weapons and were impervious to ordinary attacks.
Yet, Dustin’s punch had broken through those defenses, creating a deep wound that exposed bone. His sheer power had far surpassed Jeremiah’s expectations.
He had believed Dustin’s strength would be on par with Fenley. While Dustin was a challenge, he hadn’t considered him a serious threat. But now, he realized Dustin was far more dangerous than Fenley, who was ranked fifth on the Legendary List.
Jeremiah couldn’t afford to hold back any longer. Though prolonged battles were his specialty, revealing more of his abilities would make the later rounds even more challenging. So, he needed to finish this match quickly.
With that thought in mind, he took a deep breath and activated his third form.
His body swelled, muscles and bones expanding as his black scales gradually turned red. His once-human face twisted into something beastly with a mouth full of sharp fangs that added to his menacing appearance.
The most unsettling aspect was the two red horns sprouting from his head and the lizard-like tail extending from his lower back. With horns on his head, a tail on his back, and a monstrous visage, he resembled a creature straight out of the Streuqua myths.
“Holy crap! What the hell is that? It’s terrifying!”
“A demon! That’s a damn demon!”
“This is bad. He looks incredibly strong. Is Dustin going to be okay?”
“Damn it! With a transformation like that, how’s anyone supposed to fight him?”
The sudden change sent a shiver down everyone’s spine.
Before, Jeremiah had appeared strange with his scaly skin and bladed arms, but he still resembled a man. Now, he was no longer human but a full-fledged beast.
Standing nearly ten feet tall, with red armor-like scales, razor-sharp claws, and menacing fangs, he had transformed into a demon. Just one look made people’s skin crawl and filled them with dread.
Faced with such a creature, they couldn’t help but wonder if Dustin could defeat Jeremiah.
###Chapter 2361
Jeremiah exuded a whole new intensity after transforming into a demon. Blood energy coiled around him, and his face twisted into a menacing snarl. Yet, his eyes remained as cold as ice and devoid of emotion.
He loomed above the masses like a god looking down upon mortals; his presence was indescribable.
Even from a distance, the spectators felt the crushing pressure deep within their souls. The sensation was so overwhelming that many couldn’t suppress the urge to worship him.
“You’ve managed to force me into my third form… that’s quite an achievement.” As Jeremiah transformed into his demon form, his voice grew hoarse and deep.
He slowly raised a finger and pointed at Dustin. What had once been a blade transformed into a withered, sharp claw. His crimson eyes locked onto Dustin and sized him up as if he were nothing more than an ant.
“You look intimidating, but I’m curious about how you fight.” Dustin scrutinized him impassively. He had faced many fearsome opponents and would fight without hesitation, whether it was a fake demon or a real one.
“You will soon understand the consequences of angering me.” Jeremiah smiled menacingly.
“Really? Then, stop the chatter and come at me.” Dustin beckoned him forward with a finger.
“This time, I’ll send you straight to hell. “Jeremiah’s eyes flared with malice. With a blur, he disappeared from sight.
When he reappeared, he was right in front of Dustin. His claws slashed forward with blinding speed, which left a chilling shimmer in their wake.
“He’s fast!” the spectators gasped in shock.
In his demon form, Jeremiah moved with a speed that seemed like teleportation. The spectators could barely keep up as their eyes struggled to follow the flurry of strikes and counters.
As Jeremiah’s claw came down, Dustin reacted just as quickly. With a simple punch, he met the strike head-on.
A thunderous blast echoed through the venue. Energy rippled outward and was accompanied by the roar of a fierce wind.
Dustin and Jeremiah staggered back from the impact, and each step left deep imprints in the ground beneath their feet.
“Hmm?”
The two raised their heads simultaneously and stared at each other in surprise.
Dustin hadn’t anticipated Jeremiah to be this powerful after his transformation. He felt that Jeremiah was even stronger than some ultimate grandmasters.
Similarly, Jeremiah reevaluated Dustin’s strength.
Dustin’s ability to endure the raw power of his third form while maintaining his ground demonstrated his exceptional resilience. It was clear that his abilities far exceeded those of any ordinary person.
After a moment of silence, they lunged at each other again and locked in a fierce exchange of blows.
With their strengths evenly matched, the match’s outcome hinged on speed, defense, reflexes, recovery, and skill. Many factors would decide the victor, and strength was only one aspect. When their power was nearly equal, every other element became crucial.
They moved in a blur as their bodies intersected and collided without stopping. Each punch and kick carried terrifying strength that left deep craters and jagged cracks in the battle ring.
Even the aftershocks of their combat radiated outward with immense force. As they spread, it felt like an avalanche or a tidal wave. The sheer power overwhelmed everything in its path.
At that moment, Oron activated the protective shield to surround the battle ring to prevent spectators from harm.
Ordinary people might not notice, but his keen eye could discern that Dustin and Jeremiah had reached the level of ultimate grandmaster.
The clash between ultimate grandmasters was far more ferocious than typical grandmaster bouts. A single misstep could result in significant casualties, so even Oron had to proceed cautiously.
“I didn’t expect Dustin to stand toe-to- toe with that beast. That’s impressive!”
“With his strength, he should make it onto the Legendary List, right?”
“If he wins this match, he’ll definitely earn a spot on that list. But if he loses, he might not survive.”
As Dustin and Jeremiah engaged in the ring, the spectators couldn’t help but whisper and speculate.
Their speed was so fast that the audience could hardly distinguish one contestant from the other. They only saw blurred figures and heard their clashes’ thunderous sounds.
After watching countless matches, the intensity and destructive power of the fight between Dustin and Jeremiah stood out as unmatched. Even Oron had activated the protective shield early, which was unprecedented in this setting.
Yet, the spectators were still unsure who was stronger or who would ultimately win. Still, they hoped for Dustin’s victory, but a sense of foreboding settled over them.
Since transforming into a beast, Jeremiah possessed immense strength and lightning-fast speed. He also had physical abilities that far exceeded those of an ordinary human.
His defense, endurance, and recovery were all superior. He could afford to exhaust himself since his stamina was boundless. This allowed him to fight longer and grow stronger with each exchange.
In contrast, Dustin was just a human and only had impressive cultivation. But if the fight dragged on, he would eventually face exhaustion.
When one fighter grew weaker while the other grew stronger, the odds of victory became apparent to many. The truth was unmistakable, even if the spectators were reluctant to acknowledge it.
They clung to a sliver of hope that Dustin had hidden cards or strategies to turn the tide. Otherwise, the consequences could be dire.
###Chapter 2362
Dustin expertly countered every strike from Jeremiah while launching his attacks in the battle ring. However, despite landing punches and kicks, his efforts only inflicted minor injuries on Jeremiah.
The red scales covering Jeremiah were several times tougher than the previous black ones. Combined with his monstrous physique, he almost seemed to embody an Adamantine body.
When Dustin’s fists and feet struck the scales, the loud thuds echoed. Aside from the noise, it was nearly impossible to inflict any damage.
Even when Dustin targeted Jeremiah’s weak spots and managed to shatter a few scales, he still couldn’t gain the upper hand.
Jeremiah’s regenerative abilities were astonishing. Even with a hole pierced through his chest, he could fully heal in just a few breaths. To him, minor wounds were hardly a concern. He was indeed an indestructible beast with such formidable defense and incredible recovery.
Dustin realized that continuing down this path would spell his downfall. If he drained too much energy, he risked giving Jeremiah the chance to counterattack.
It became clear that relying solely on his fists and feet wouldn’t suffice. Не needed to draw his sword to turn the tide of the battle.
“This guy is tough,” Jeremiah thought. “He’s actually holding his own against my third form. I’ll have to evolve into my ultimate form to defeat him.”
He was surprised. Usually, when he transformed into his third form in the past, he could easily overwhelm his opponents. But today, Dustin’s strength was giving him a headache.
Every time Jeremiah tried to land a blow, Dustin dodged or blocked. And he often found himself taking punches in return. While the impacts didn’t cause serious injuries, they were still painful.
The relentless assault was frustrating, and this prompted him to resolve to transform into his ultimate form and end the match quickly. He was ready to reveal all his abilities to secure victory.
With a fierce clash of punches and kicks, the two-lost in their thoughts- instinctively stepped back to create some distance between them.
Jeremiah quickly unlocked his genes, and a surge of bloodline power coursed through him.
Suddenly, two bulging masses formed on his back. It rapidly expanded until it broke through the skin and spread outward. Instantly, they unfurled into massive bat-like wings, each nearly 30 feet wide. The wings blotted out the light and radiated an overwhelming presence.
If Jeremiah had previously resembled a typical demon, he now embodied the legendary Demon Master, who stood tall with an intimidating presence that exuded fear.
“Damn it! He transformed again? Does he ever stop?”
Jeremiah’s sudden change caused an uproar among the spectators and prompted many to curse.
The thought of one person transforming once or twice was already intimidating. But now, with a third and fourth transformation-and wings to boot-it was outrageous.
“The priest’s momentum has surged to another level. This makes him even more terrifying. Dr. Rhys is in serious trouble now.”
In the stands, Alicia watched the unfolding scene with a grave expression. She desperately wanted Dustin to win.
But with each transformation, Jeremiah’s strength seemed to multiply. At that instant, his power had grown to an unimaginable level.
Dustin winning felt like an unrealistic expectation. Simply surviving this encounter would’ve been a blessing.
“I must admit that the elites from Streuqua, paired with genetic enhancements, can truly push beyond human limits. In this situation, I can’t say I have any confidence in winning.” Fenley shook his head.
He had once believed he could defeat Jeremiah after witnessing his third form, but now, doubt clouded his thoughts. Unless there was a breakthrough, he saw no hope of victory.
Suddenly, Jeremiah, in his demonized form, flapped his wings. He soared into the air and looked down at Dustin.
He roared, “Despicable human! You’ve pushed me too far. Now, I will tear you apart.”
Jeremiah had been forced to use all his trump cards. His rage wouldn’t be quelled if he didn’t kill Dustin.
“Really? We’ll see if you have what it takes,” Dustin replied coolly. He extended one hand and grasped the air.
“Celestial!” As his voice echoed, a flash of dark light streaked across the sky. Then, a black longsword descended from above and landed perfectly in Dustin’s grasp. The sword gleamed ominously as it radiated a chilling brilliance.
“Celestial Blade? Could it be… him?”
Several spectators gasped in recognition as they saw the weapon as if they had guessed something. While a person’s appearance could be altered, a weapon remained unchanged.
Although the Celestial Blade rarely made an appearance, and only a few had seen it, its listing on the Divine Weapon List naturally drew attention.
“Hmph! Do you think you can stop me with just a sword?” Jeremiah snarled. ” I will show you the meaning of fear!”
With a fierce roar, he flapped his wings and dove straight down from the sky. His speed was blinding, and the force of his descent felt cataclysmic as he hurtled toward Dustin like a meteor crashing to Earth.
###Chapter 2363
As Jeremiah dove downward, Dustin smoothly assumed a sword-holding stance. Instantly, he swung the weapon with blinding speed.
A black sword aura shot forth as it sliced through the air with the power to tear the very sky apart. It carried an overwhelming momentum that crashed toward Jeremiah.
“What?” Jeremiah’s expression changed as an instinctual sense of danger sent shivers down his spine.
The sword appeared ordinary, but with his heightened perception, he sensed the destructive energy contained within. He understood that if this attack struck his vital point, it would likely be fatal.
Jeremiah quickly abandoned his offense and flapped his wings to dodge in midair. His reflexes were quick, but the black sword aura was even faster.
Just as he sidestepped, the sword aura passed through him. Blood sprayed out and painted half the sky crimson.
“Ah!” Jeremiah let out a horrified scream.
The sword aura had torn half of his shoulder, along with his arm and wing, and blood poured down like rain. He stumbled and spun helplessly several times before crashing onto the battle ring. In one devastating strike, he had lost half his body.
“How… How can you be this strong?” Jeremiah quickly scrambled to his feet. His face was a mask of terror, and he completely ignored his wounds.
He realized that Dustin, now wielding a sword, was an entirely different opponent. Dustin’s kicks and punches had been impressive without the weapon, yet he could only chip away his scales.
But now, with the sword in hand, Dustin had transformed into a grim reaper. He could take half his life with a mere flick of his wrist.
What terrified Jeremiah most was how the sword aura suppressed his healing abilities. His wounds couldn’t heal as quickly as they once had.
“You’ve forced me to draw my sword. I’ll admit, you’re impressive, but this is where it ends.” Dustin raised his Celestial Blade again.
“Wait! I surrender…”
Jeremiah’s panic surged as he prepared to surrender, but the second black sword aura was already whistling toward him. As it approached, silence fell with the weight of impending destruction.
“Ah!” Jeremiah screamed in despair.
The black sword aura pierced through him in the blink of an eye. His body stiffened for a moment before exploding into a shower of blood and flesh that filled the entire battle ring.
For a moment, the venue fell silent.
The spectators stared in disbelief, and their expressions frozen in shock. No one had expected Dustin to be able to unleash such ferocity after drawing the sword. He shattered their wildest expectations.
Once Jeremiah grew a pair of wings, he gained a significant boost in strength and the ability to fly. His agility and offensive capabilities had multiplied, which made him a formidable opponent. They assumed Dustin wouldn’t stand a chance.
Unexpectedly, Dustin survived, and he effortlessly defeated Jeremiah. With just two swift strikes, he turned the so- called “Demon Master” into a cloud of flesh and blood. The power he displayed was nothing short of astonishing.
“Oh my God! Did my eyes deceive me? That beast was taken down just like that?”
“Terrifying! Absolutely terrifying! I’ve never seen such a domineering sword.”
“Two strikes to slay a demon? It’s truly horrifying!”
“I didn’t notice it before, but I had no idea he was this powerful. From what I can tell, he’s the biggest dark horse in this tournament.”
“Who… Who is he? Why have I never seen him before?”
“If he doesn’t have a spot on the Legendary List, I’ll be the first to protest.”
After a brief silence, the spectators erupted into a frenzy. They looked at Dustin with excitement, astonishment, confusion, and admiration. Above all, everyone was proud of his victory for their nation.
Regardless of his background, he was a Dragonmarsh citizen. He had boldly defeated a foreign challenger in the battle ring and brought honor to all Dragonmarsh martial artists.
“I declare, contestant number eight, Dustin Rhys, the winner!” Oron’s voice boomed across the venue.
Despite his usual composure, he was shocked by what he had just witnessed. He realized that neither Jeremiah nor he could have endured those two strikes.
At such a young age, Dustin had displayed remarkable strength. It appeared that Dragonmarsh had produced yet another genius.
“Great! Dr. Rhys has won!” Alicia and Aurora cheered with enthusiasm.
Grace, sitting nearby, let out a sigh of relief. After seeing Jeremiah transformed into a demon, her heart raced with anxiety. Fortunately, it ended well, and Dustin won the match.
“Could it be… him?” Fenley’s gaze was locked on Dustin in the battle ring. He frowned in uncertainty.
The earlier two strikes had awakened a sense of familiarity and reminded Fenley of someone he had encountered a year ago in Oakvale. It was Logan Rhys, the top master on the Legendary List.
###Chapter 2364
“Interesting. It looks like this match won’t be boring after all.” From his seat at the Sword Union, Glenn narrowed his eyes. A rare spark of interest broke through his indifferent demeanor.
As a swordsman, he thrived on the challenge of facing strong opponents. The more formidable his rival, the more it ignited his excitement. Watching an elite swordsman in action only intensified his desire to fight.
Of course, ordinary fighters wouldn’t capture his attention. But Dustin’s earlier performance had drawn him in.
Those two quick, fierce strikes showcased a sharpness of sword aura that was truly impressive. Glenn realized that an elite like Dustin would be an excellent sharpening stone for his skills.
Glenn wasn’t the only one who noticed. Dustin’s impressive win over Jeremiah had left everyone in awe, and they began to see him as a dark horse in the tournament.
While most might not consider him a contender for the championship, they recognized he had the strength to break into the top three. His value skyrocketed as major guilds were willing to invest heavily in Dustin while extending lucrative offers to him.
After all, a talent like his could become a dominant force with just a little guidance and potentially lead their guild to greatness. However, attracting such talent was one thing; successfully nurturing it was another challenge entirely.
The search for the top eight concluded with Dustin’s victory in the eighth round. All three foreign challengers were eliminated, with none surviving.
This match was a true rollercoaster, as it was filled with breathtaking moments. Until the very last second, no one could predict the outcome, given the numerous twists and turns.
Whether it was Caleb defeating Kendricks, Dalen overcoming Jude, or Dustin clinching the final victory, all three emerged as dark horses. Initially overlooked, they ended up winning spectacularly.
Beyond these three dark horses, the other contestants also delivered commendable performances while showcasing their unique strengths.
Ultimately, the eight strongest contestants were determined after multiple elimination rounds. One of them would be crowned the champion the following day.
The merit of the Combat Tournament far surpassed that of the Legendary List. The list merely gauged a martial artist’s strength based on various factors. It lacked the accuracy to serve as anything more than a reference.
In contrast, the battles in the ring provided an accurate measure of power. Strength and weakness, victory and defeat, became immediately apparent as there was no room for deception.
In essence, the outcome of the following day’s match would determine who would claim the title of the strongest legend in the martial world.
The once-bustling Sacred Wrym Summit returned to a serene calm as night descended. The eight finalists either rested to regain their strength or plotted secretly and planned their strategies for the battles ahead.
Tomorrow’s matches were critical, as this would draw the keen attention of all guilds. Securing a spot in the top three was the ultimate goal for every contestant.
This was a shot at fame in the martial world, and the pressure weighed heavily on the forces behind these fighters.
Breaking into the top three would bring significant rewards from Sacred Wrym Summit, elevate their guild’s standing, and attract elite talent.
This tournament was about more than personal glory, as it was a matter of survival for entire guilds. There was no room for complacency.
Guilds brought forth their most prized possessions and entrusted them to their disciples. They hoped for standout performances that could lead to victory and, ultimately, the championship.
In a secluded mountain manor about 20 miles from Sacred Wrym Summit, Bailey sat at the long dining table eating large chunks of meat and washed them down with gulps of ale. Grease dripped from his mouth and smeared his lips as he feasted.
The 16-foot table before him was piled high with every kind of meat imaginable. Dozens of dishes stretched across its surface, and no vegetable was in sight.
“Mr. Bailey!” Hank, the god of the Hall of Gods, burst through the door with urgency written all over his face.
“What’s the matter?” Bailey didn’t bother to look up as he devoured his meal while savoring every bite.
“Mr. Bailey, Plan A has failed!” Hank said solemnly. “The three elites we sent to challenge the Dragonmarsh martial artists are all dead, and none survived.”
“Hmm?” Bailey paused and slowly lifted his head. “Are you sure they’re all dead? Even Jeremiah Price?”
“Yes.” Hank nodded. “I brought back their remains. Do you want to see them?
“Bring them in.” Bailey’s face darkened.
With his permission, Hank gestured, and several men entered while carrying three bodies draped in white cloth.
Bailey stepped forward, pulled back the cloth, and grimaced at the sight. These weren’t bodies but were just mangled remains.
Bill and Jeremiah had been reduced to grotesque piles. No sign of their human forms was left-only two heaps of shredded flesh.
Among the three, George’s body was the least damaged. Even so, his upper body was blown apart, and only his lower legs were intact.
“How could this happen? What went wrong?” Bailey’s anger boiled over.
He never imagined his meticulous search for these three elites would end tragically and brutally just before the finals. It was a humiliation he couldn’t bear.
###Chapter 2365
“According to the investigation, Dusk Titan was killed by the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order, while the Shadow Prince and The Dust of Angel were taken down by someone named Dustin Rhys.” Hank didn’t mince words as he detailed the entire incident.
Losing those three elite fighters was a serious blow to the Hall of Gods. They had planned a two-pronged attack.
To claim the championship title in the Combat Tournament and shatter the spirit of Dragonmarsh’s martial artists while secretly raiding their treasures to block their fortunes.
But before they could even get started, Plan A was already a bust. They had lost their top elites and suffered a major hit to their reputation.
“I know about the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order, but where did this Dustin Rhys come from?” Bailey’s expression darkened as he spoke.
He had researched Abigail, the second- ranked master on Dragonmarsh’s Legendary List. It wasn’t surprising that George had died in her hand.
But Bailey had never heard of Dustin.
Jeremiah was a force to be reckoned with. He was comparable to the ultimate grandmaster when at full strength. Even Abigail might find him a challenge. What kind of upstart could take down two of their top elites?
“Dustin’s identity is a mystery. We don’t have any leads on him yet.” A chill crept down his spine as Hank spoke. It was as if a predator was watching him.
He quickly added, “However, I’ve had a brief encounter with Dustin. I suggest we try to recruit him.”
“Recruit him?” Bailey reined in his lethal intent and asked curiously, What’s your plan?”
“His ability to take down our two top elites proves his strength. If we offer him a substantial reward to join the Hall of Gods, it would be a win-win situation,” Hank replied respectfully.
When confronting someone powerful, it was wiser to forge alliances than to create enemies. This was a common strategy for the Hall of Gods.
“If we can bring him into the Hall of Gods, that would be ideal. But do you believe you can pull it off?” Bailey asked thoughtfully.
“A few days ago, I had a chance to approach Dustin. Initially, I meant to use him as a pawn alongside the Dragonmarsh martial artists to draw the attention of Sacred Wrym Summit. But after witnessing his capabilities, I believe he’s worth much more,” Hank explained.
It suddenly struck him that the man who had just killed Jeremiah was the same pawn he had sought to recruit days earlier.
“Can we trust him? We wouldn’t want to let a wolf into the fold,” Bailey narrowed his eyes.
With Dustin breaking into the top eight, he was bound to attract attention from various factions in Dragonmarsh. Bailey knew convincing him to betray his homeland wouldn’t be easy. Even if Dustin agreed, trusting him could be a gamble.
“Mr. Bailey, don’t worry. I’m sure I can recruit him. As for trust…”
Hank’s lips curled into a sly smile as he produced a small vial. “This is a poison I’ve carefully crafted. It specifically targets the Dragonmarsh elites. If someone takes it without my antidote, they’ll face a gruesome end within three days.”
“Now that’s impressive!” Bailey’s eyes sparkled with approval. “I didn’t realize you had a plan ready, Mr. Styles. It seems I was worried for nothing. You take care of this and ensure it’s executed flawlessly. Don’t let me down.
Using poison to control the martial artists of Dragonmarsh was a wise strategy. After all, who would risk their lives for a fight unless they were fearless? But how many would be willing to gamble their lives?
“Yes. I’ll handle it immediately.” Hank nodded and turned to leave.
Dustin’s strength had already proven more valuable than the three elites they’d lost. No matter the cost, Hank was determined to recruit him for the Hall of Gods.
The night was cold, and the wind was cutting like a blade. Just as Dustin finished his dinner and was about to head to his room to rest, a voice called out to him from the doorway.
“Hey, Dustin!”
He turned to see Hank stepping forward with a friendly grin. ” Remember me?”
“Mr. Styles?” Dustin recognized him immediately.
“Can we talk?” Hank glanced around before lowering his voice.
“Sure, come in.” Dustin understood his intention. He opened the door and gestured for him to enter.
Hank smiled and stepped inside.
Dustin closed the door behind them and poured two cups of tea before sliding one across the table. “Mr. Styles, I’m curious about your late- night visit. What brings you here?”
“First off, congratulations on making the top eight. You really caught everyone off guard.” Hank suddenly changed the subject. But your actions today have thrown a wrench in our plans.”
“Oh? What do you mean?” Dustin feigned confusion.
“Honestly, the two foreign contestants you defeated today were affiliated with us,” Hank said, his voice dropping to a whisper.
“What? Are you serious?” Dustin’s eyes widened in surprise. “If I’d known they were from the Hall of Gods, I wouldn’t have gone so hard on them.”
He shook his head, sighing, and put on a look of remorse. The truth was undeniable.
###Chapter 2366
“Dustin, I didn’t realize you had such hidden talent. It’s surprising that you could defeat our elites.” Hank studied Dustin for a moment before breaking into a smile.
He continued, “But I can’t blame you. The fault lies with Bill and Jeremiah for not being strong enough. As the saying goes, the victor takes all. It’s only natural they met such an end due to their lack of skill. I’m not here tonight to point fingers or hold you accountable.”
“Well, that’s reassuring.” Dustin breathed a sigh of relief and smiled. ” Since you’re not here to cause trouble, what’s this visit about?”
“Honestly, your performance has caught the attention of the God King. He wants to formally invite you to join the Hall of Gods and help us accomplish our grand vision.” Hank smiled as he extended the invitation.
“Join the Hall of Gods?” Dustin was taken aback. He said hesitatingly, “Mr. Styles, that doesn’t seem right. I’m just a nobody from the mountains. How could I possibly be worthy of joining the Hall of Gods?”
“You’re being too modest, Dustin,” Hank said, sipping his tea. He smiled and continued, “A genius like you would be more than welcome in the Hall of Gods. I can promise you that if you join us, you’ll receive focused training and access to endless resources.”
The Hall of Gods had members from all over the globe. When it came to wealth and resources, they were unmatched, with a seemingly inexhaustible supply. So, Hank came to Dustin brimming with confidence.
“Mr. Styles, I appreciate the offer, but I’m used to my freedom. I don’t like being tied down, so I think I’ll have to pass.” Dustin shook his head and declined.
“Dustin, don’t be so quick to turn me down.” Hank set his teacup down.
He said earnestly, “I can guarantee that if you join the Hall of Gods, I won’t restrict your actions. You’ll be free to do whatever you want without reporting to me. On top of that, I’ll ensure you get the kind of authority and resources that come with being an Oracle Defender.”
“Oracle Defender? How esteemed is that position?” Dustin asked curiously.
“It’s a unique position,” Hank explained. “In Dragonmarsh terms, it’s like being an honored guild elder. Their authority is just a step below the God King. Within the Hall of Gods, they’re held in high regard by everyone.”
“That sounds pretty good.” Dustin nodded and smiled. “So, you mean I don’t have to do anything? Just by joining the Hall of Gods, I can gain access to all those treasures and resources?”
“You could look at it that way, but…” Hank paused before continuing, “While being Oracle Defender gives you freedom and authority, there will be moments when you’ll need to do ‘ something’ for the Hall of Gods. Otherwise, it’s hard to keep respect if you take without giving.”
The Hall of Gods wouldn’t keep those who didn’t contribute. They wanted benefits and expected everything to run smoothly. What kind of deal was that?
“What’s this ‘something’ you’re talking about? You might as well just say it,” Dustin said impassively. He knew Hank was about to get to the point.
“You’re probably aware that once this Combat Tournament is over, the Hall of Gods has an important operation lined up. For security reasons, we haven’t yet finalized the target or timing of the mission,” Hank said.
He continued, “I wasn’t aware of your abilities before, so my arrangements weren’t as thorough as they should have been. If possible, I’d like you to lead this operation.
“If you succeed, I won’t just make you an Oracle Defender. I could even promote you to the rank of a god and put you on the same level as me.”
“I didn’t expect the Hall of Gods to take this operation so seriously. What exactly do you need me to do?” Dustin asked tentatively.
“If you want to know the details of the operation, you’ll need to take this first. “Hank took a vial from his pocket and placed it on the table.
“This is…” Dustin looked a bit confused.
“Poison,” Hank answered bluntly.
Seeing Dustin’s frown, he quickly added, “It’s not that I don’t trust you. But the Hall of Gods has its own rules. To prevent any secrets from leaking and jeopardizing the mission, everyone has to take the poison, myself included. No exceptions.”
“That ruthless?” Dustin frowned.
“Yes, but don’t worry. Once you complete the mission, the God King will give you the antidote,” Hank reassured with a smile.
“And if I don’t?” Dustin suddenly countered.
That question caused Hank to pause briefly, but quickly regained his composure. He smiled and said, “Don’t worry. The Hall of Gods has planned everything down to the smallest detail. If you follow the steps, there won’t be a problem.”
Dustin considered his options for a moment before shaking his head. “Mr. Styles, while the offer from the Hall of Gods is certainly tempting, my own safety matters more. I won’t let my life be held in someone else’s hands, so I’ll have to decline your offer.”
He wasn’t afraid of the poison. In fact, this was his tactic to build trust with the Hall of Gods. After all, a reasonable person would likely hesitate at such a proposition. It might raise suspicions if he showed too much eagerness to risk his life.
As expected, Hank wasn’t upset by Sebastian’s response. Instead, he smiled even brighter. Hank would have questioned his intentions if Dustin had jumped at the offer. Now, he found himself trusting Dustin even more.
###Chapter 2367
“Dustin, I understand your concerns,” Hank said with a smile.
“But I can promise you, as long as you stay loyal and don’t betray the Hall of Gods, you won’t be in danger. We highly value talent like yours. Honestly, the poison is just a safeguard to keep our secrets safe. I’m sure you understand.”
Without taking the poison, there was no way to exert control, which meant trust would always be in question. This wasn’t much of an issue with disposable operatives, but loyalty had to be guaranteed when the Hall of Gods counted on someone for critical positions.
“Mr. Styles, I understand what you’re saying, and the Hall of Gods sounds intriguing. But we’ve just met, and it’s hard for me to put my complete trust in you right now.” Dustin shook his head again.
He thought, “Do they really think they can make demands without offering anything in return? Do they take me for a fool?”
“Trust can be built. Just take a look at this…” Hank reached into his coat and pulled out a small, ornate box. He slid it across the table toward Dustin.
“What’s this?” Dustin opened the box and saw two vials. One was red, and the other was blue. At first glance, they didn’t seem extraordinary. However, upon closer inspection, he could feel a powerful and unique energy within them.
“To be honest, these are enhanced serums specially crafted by the Hall of Gods. They’re incredibly rare. Only those at the god level or higher have the privilege of using them,” Hank explained.
He gestured to the vials and continued, “The red serum primarily boosts physical attributes like speed, strength, defense, and reflexes. The blue serum significantly enhances internal energy. In Dragonmarsh terms, it’s like spiritual essence, which is something you can absorb directly.”
“Oh? Is it really that impressive?”
Dustin raised an eyebrow, surprised.
He had heard that the Streuquan countries had made significant strides in genetic serum research. Unlike the martial artists in Dragonmarsh, who trained tirelessly, the Strequan could quickly churn out a group of elites by modifying their genes and using serums.
However, these elites often hit a limit in their abilities, faced shorter lifespans, and had to take the serum regularly. Without taking it, their enhancements would start to wear off.
Still, despite these downsides, countless people were drawn to this path. It was a tempting shortcut to strength that didn’t require much effort or natural talent.
“Dustin, you saw it during the tournament match, right? George and Jeremiah used those serums to boost their physical attributes,” Hank said.
He continued, “While they can’t compare to a genius like you, I’m sure you noticed how much stronger they got. The downside is that their natural abilities are limited, so they can only tap into about half of what the serum offers. But you should be able to absorb over 80 percent.
“It’s no exaggeration to say that if you take these two vials of serums, you can be the champion of this Combat Tournament. What do you say? Are you happy with this gift?” He smiled confidently.
To become a formidable martial artist, one had to embrace a mindset centered on growth and self-improvement. Strength was the ultimate goal for those who sought power, and no martial artist could resist the allure of becoming even stronger.
“These serums seem great, but… are there any side effects?” Dustin studied the two vials with a hesitant look.
Hank noticed the temptation in Dustin’s eyes and seized the opportunity. “Don’t worry. These two vials contain our most advanced formulas. They’re expensive to make, and I promise you, they come with no side effects.”
“I’ve heard that this kind of serum requires long-term use, or the effects wear off. Is that true?” Dustin probed further.
“The rumors are true. However, compared to the earlier formulas, these serums are nearly perfect. With just one dose a year, you can maintain its effects long-term.” Hank spoke candidly without sugarcoating his words.
He continued, “And you don’t need to worry about a thing. Once you join the Hall of Gods, the supply of this serum will be endless.”
“I see.” Dustin nodded thoughtfully, yet his mind was filled with curses.
These serums promised to enhance strength, but anyone who took them would fall under the Hall of Gods’ control. If anyone dared to defy their orders, their supply would be cut off instantly.
Plus, those who used the serums would likely become addicted. The Hall of Gods cleverly used these addictive substances to keep powerful martial artists under their thumb. It was a clever scheme, indeed.
“Dustin, what’s your decision? Do you want to join the Hall of Gods and achieve something extraordinary together?” Hank offered again.
The appeal of being the Combat Tournament champion, the opportunity to become stronger, and the promise of fame and power were temptations that few could turn down.
“Since you have made such a generous offer. It would be rude of me not to accept.” Dustin smiled as he accepted the serum, showing his agreement.
“Great! I knew you were a smart man.” Hank’s eyes sparkled with enthusiasm.
“This enhanced serum is just a taste of what’s to come. Once you join the Hall of Gods, you’ll have access to countless resources and rewards in the future. I guarantee you won’t be disappointed!”
“I look forward to your guidance, Mr. Styles.” Dustin stood and gave a respectful salute.
“Of course! Stay by my side, and you’ll get everything you want.”
Then, he slid the vial of poison across the table to Dustin. “But first, you need to show your loyalty.”
Dustin understood the implication. To become a member of the Hall of Gods and earn their trust, he had to drink it.
###Chapter 2368
Dustin glanced at the vial of poison. He hesitated briefly before nodding. Since Mr. Styles thinks highly of me, I should show my commitment.” 11
He picked up the vial, twisted off the cap, and downed the poison in one go without leaving a drop behind. To make sure Hank could see clearly, Dustin tipped the bottle upside down to show it was empty.
Dustin’s body was immune to most toxins, so this tiny dose didn’t concern him.
Hank laughed heartily at the sight. ” You’re really bold!”
Drinking the poison would prove Dustin’s commitment to joining the Hall of Gods, and it was the only way to earn their trust. No matter how convincing his words were, they would mean nothing without that act of loyalty.
While the Hall of Gods valued talent, loyalty was their top priority. Only those who proved their unwavering commitment would be granted special training.
Hence, the most effective way was to put one’s life in their hands. This was a reality that everyone faced, including Hank. When a mission was assigned, they all had to take the poison first as a testament to their allegiance.
“Mr. Styles, I’ve shown my sincerity. What do you need me to do next?” Dustin asked again.
He surmised that the Hall of Gods had something up their sleeve, but the details remained murky. He needed to understand their detailed strategy to prepare himself properly. Otherwise, what he had done earlier would be for nothing.
“You don’t need to do anything for now. Just concentrate on honing your skills for tomorrow’s match,” Hank said with a smile.
He continued, “Given your talent and the enhanced serum, you have a solid chance of winning. I’ll reveal our full plan once you defeat the other contestants and claim the championship. Then, you’ll see just how great the Hall of Gods truly is.”
“Mr. Styles, do you not trust me?” Dustin frowned and looked displeased.
“Dustin, don’t get the wrong idea. It’s not that I don’t trust you. Frankly, I also don’t know the plan,” Hank said helplessly.
He continued, “The God King is in charge of this operation and won’t share the details before we act. It’s a precaution to prevent leaks and ensure we can adapt as needed.”
“Oh? “Is it that important to keep everything so secret? Even someone of your status also didn’t know the details?” Dustin was surprised.
“That’s just how things have always been. I hope you can understand,” Hank said with a wry smile.
It might sound absurd, but that was the reality. Regular members of the Hall of Gods had a bit more leeway, but anyone with a title or being groomed for something special faced stricter supervision. They had plenty of resources at their disposal, but their freedom was quite limited.
“Okay, I’ll go along with it. I won’t press further if this is how the Hall of Gods operates. Just let me know if you need anything.” Dustin decided not to press further to avoid raising any suspicions.
“Great. I’ll take my leave now. I’m looking forward to your impressive performance tomorrow.” Hank nodded as he stood up and left hastily.
The tavern bustled with patrons, and every eye seemingly fixed on him. The longer he lingered, the greater the risk of drawing unwanted attention. He had to stay vigilant until his plan was in motion.
After confirming Hank had left, Dustin stashed away the two vials of enhanced serum. He then leaped out of the back window and disappeared from view.
Ten minutes later, he silently appeared in a secluded courtyard. It was small but tastefully adorned, which showcased the owner’s refined style.
Dustin approached the bedroom door and knocked.
Moments later, the door swung open to reveal a young woman. She wasn’t conventionally beautiful, but there was something quietly captivating about her.
Her most striking feature was her bright, shining eyes, which sparkled like stars. The woman was Grace Linsor, who had disguised herself using Face-Changing Art.
“You’re here. Please come in.” She smiled and gestured with one hand.
Only a select few knew where she lived. When Dustin stepped into the courtyard, she sensed his familiar presence, so his visit was entirely expected.
He walked in and sat down on the couch.
“Can I get you something to drink?” she asked casually.
“Water,” he replied, not bothering with formalities..
“Sure.” Grace grabbed a bottle of water and set it down in front of him. Then, she asked, “Is there a pressing matter that brought you here at this hour?”
“Take a guess.” Dustin uncapped the bottle and took a sip of water, deliberately creating suspense.
“Guess?” She smiled. “It’s probably related to the Hall of Gods, right? They’ve sent someone to recruit you?”
“Oh? How did you know?” He raised an eyebrow, genuinely surprised. He hadn’t said anything, yet she had figured it out with uncanny accuracy. Her perceptiveness was remarkable.
“Your performance in the battle ring today was incredible. If I were in their shoes, I’d be eager to recruit you. It makes perfect sense.” Grace’s smile was unwavering.
“You’re as sharp as ever. Now, care to guess what’s inside this box?” Dustin placed the box Hank had given him on the table.
She studied the box carefully and said, ” If the Hall of Gods wants to recruit you, offering you something as common as gold or jewels won’t cut it.
“Given their style, whatever they send now has to be something that directly enhances your strength and helps you win the tournament.
“It’s likely something unique to them and something outsiders can’t get their hands on. If I’m not mistaken, that box probably contains an enhanced serum or something similar.”
Dustin was taken aback.
No way could she have guessed that. Was she psychic or something?
###Chapter 2369
Dustin carefully examined the box and ensured there were no unusual markings before turning to Grace. He asked blankly, “Did you actually guess, or can you see what is inside?”
“Of course, I guessed it. I don’t have X- ray vision, so how could I see it?” She rolled her eyes.
“Amazing. I’m impressed.” He gave her a thumbs-up. Just from a guess, she was able to piece everything together. He couldn’t help but feel a bit outmatched by her sharp wit.
“So, is it really the enhanced serum in there?” Grace raised an eyebrow. She was surprised that her casual guess was accurate.
“See for yourself.” Dustin didn’t bother explaining further. He opened the box to show her the two red and blue vials inside.
“Oh? This is an S-class serum from the Hall of Gods. They certainly hold you in high regard.” Grace leaned in for a closer look, and she was genuinely surprised.
The Hall of Gods’ enhanced serums were ranked in five tiers-D, C, B, A, and the highest, S. Each level brought a tenfold increase in value and potency. Only gods and their key personnel at the god level or above had access to the S-class serum.
Since the Hall of Gods had given him two vials of S-level serum, it showed how much they valued him.
“They may value me, but it sure comes with its costs. I mean, they just forced me to drink a vial of poison.” Dustin shrugged.
“Poison?” Grace frowned, “What kind? Is there a cure?”
“I’ve already digested it, and there’s nothing left. Don’t forget that my body is immune to all poisons.” He smiled faintly.
Aside from the ten deadliest poisons, most wouldn’t affect him. His body could quickly break them down, and anything more potent could be flushed out with his mystical, pure energy.
“I’m glad you’re fine.” Grace sighed in relief, but her expression quickly turned serious. “I know what you’re thinking, but I have to remind you that your safety comes first. Don’t take unnecessary risks.”
Despite Dustin’s considerable strength, the Hall of Gods was home to many powerful elites. If his identity were exposed and someone schemed against him, he could be in danger.
“Don’t worry. I have a plan. I won’t do anything reckless,” he said with a nod.
“As long as you know what you’re doing.” She dropped the subject and asked, “What do you plan to do with these two vials of enhanced serum?”
“Of course, I’m giving them to you for research,” Dustin said earnestly. “The enhanced serums from the Hall of Gods are among the best in the world. If we can unlock their secrets, it would be a huge benefit to our nation.”
Dragonmarsh had a long way to go in genetic research compared to the Streuquan countries. He hoped this opportunity would help them advance in that field.
“These two vials are extremely valuable. Are you really willing to part with them?” Grace asked seriously. “If you drink them, you could easily become the champion in the Combat Tournament.”
Dustin and Glenn were tied for first on the Legendary List, and no one knew who was stronger. If Dustin used the serums, his chances of winning would increase dramatically.
She naturally wanted him to win for the greater good, mixed with some personal reasons.
“Drinking the enhanced serum might boost my strength slightly, but it won’t make much difference for me,” Dustin said calmly.
He continued, “Besides, it could lead to addiction if I drink something like that. I’m not going to let a couple of vials kill my fighting spirit.”
A martial artist’s cultivation was a slow and steady journey, with each ounce of power earned through diligent effort. The path to strength required both physical refinement and mental fortitude. Both elements relied on each other, and neither could be ignored.
In contrast, the enhanced serums developed in Streuqua offered rapid boosts in strength, but they also came with severe drawbacks.
First, gaining power too quickly created a reliance on the serum and caused them to lose their drive to train hard.
Second, the sudden influx of power was difficult to control. The user might not notice any issues when facing an average martial artist. However, against a true expert, the inability to manage that newfound strength could expose serious weaknesses and put them in real danger.
For Dustin, the enhanced serum was unnecessary and something he had no interest in. Could someone be called strong if they relied on serum? If that were the case, then Jeremiah wouldn’t have been blown to bits by him.
“Since you’ve made your decision, I won’t say more. Thank you on behalf of Dragonmarsh. If we achieve a significant breakthrough in genetics, you’ll be the one we credit as the hero,” Grace said earnestly.
Whether it was the Predator they had captured with beast-like abilities or the enhanced serum from the Hall of Gods, both were invaluable assets for Dragonmarsh’s research team.
If the research was done right, it could save them decades of setbacks. That was why Dustin’s contribution was essential.
“Don’t make it sound so formal. Think of it as a small gift from me. Just don’t leave me out when the good stuff comes your way.” He smiled.
Dustin didn’t have grand ideas of sacrificing himself for his country, but he felt it was essential to contribute within his means. Born and raised in Dragonmarsh, he couldn’t stand by while outside forces invaded his homeland. If he did, he would lose all respect for himself.
###Chapter 2370
“You’ve done so much for me. How could I ever forget your kindness?” Grace smiled and asked, “By the way, with the Hall of Gods going all out to recruit you, they must have some tasks lined up for you, right? They don’t invest like that without expecting a return.”
“You’re right.” Dustin nodded. He said candidly, “They want me on their side partly because of my potential but also because they need my help with their plan to invade Sacred Wyrm Summit.”
“As expected, they’re as ambitious as ever.” She narrowed her eyes and asked, “Did they tell you any specific details of the plan?”
“No.” He shook his head. “Mr. Styles said that aside from the God King, no one knows the details, not even him. Everyone just follows orders.”
“That definitely fits their style.” Grace nodded.
She wasn’t surprised since the Hall of Gods was always extremely cautious regarding major operations. Even those at the god level, who had served for many years, weren’t privy to the entire plan.
Their level of confidentiality made it difficult for Dragonmarsh’s insiders within the Hall of Gods to gather valuable intelligence.
“Now it’s just a waiting game. But you need to be ready. I’ll let you know when I get any news,” Dustin said.
“Great. I’ll be waiting for your update.” Grace nodded.
He didn’t say much else. After exchanging a few pleasantries, he quietly returned to the tavern where he was staying.
In a lavish lakeside villa, Fenley and Alloy were engaged in conversation.
“Fenley, are you sure about this? The Advancil pill will help you break through to the ultimate grandmaster level, but it’ll have lasting effects on your future growth. You really need to think this through.”
Alloy placed a small box containing the tablet on the table. His expression turned serious as he warned him.
“Godfather, I don’t have any other choice. I have to take this risk,” Fenley said with a fierce determination in his eyes.
He added, “Today’s match made me realize that I still have a lot to improve. If I can’t break through to the ultimate grandmaster level, I won’t stand a chance in tomorrow’s tournament finals.”
After witnessing Glenn’s incredible strength and feeling the pressure from dark horses like Dustin, Fenley finally realized a harsh truth-the tournament was brutal. If he didn’t give it everything he had, victory would slip through his fingers.
With that in mind, Fenley decided to take the leap and break through to the next level. It was the only way he could go head-to-head with Glenn.
“Since you’ve made your choice, I won’t try to dissuade you. Focus on your breakthrough. Tonight, I’ll stand guard for you.” Alloy nodded.
He realized that if Fenley couldn’t make the breakthrough, winning the tournament the next day would be out of reach. Moreover, securing a spot in the top three was far from certain.
“Thank you, Godfather. I won’t let you down.” Fenley nodded before swallowing the Advancil. He began to absorb its power in preparation for his breakthrough to the ultimate grandmaster level.
Alloy quietly sat beside him and stayed vigilant. After all, Fenley was the future hope of the Celestial Alliance, and his breakthrough had to go off without a hitch.
Apart from them, similar scenarios were unfolding in other guilds. Some contestants were taking enhancement tablets, while others were refining their guild’s divine artifacts and kept hidden aces up their sleeves.
Everyone was preparing for tomorrow’s match and knew failure wasn’t an option.
The night passed without incident, and by the following morning, Sacred Wyrm Summit was already bustling with people. Representatives from all major guilds and factions had gathered. Even some high-profile experts who typically avoid the spotlight made rare appearances.
This was the most prestigious tournament the martial world had seen in a century, with nearly all the younger martial artists gathered under one roof.
Today, they would crown the champion. The victor would undoubtedly be celebrated as the strongest prodigy in the martial world. This title would symbolize unmatched talent, bring great honor, and ensure their legacy for future generations.
Even before the tournament began, the crowd was already buzzing with excitement.
The eight finalists in the tournament were Glenn from the Sword Union, Fenley from the Celestial Alliance, Abigail from the Mystic Arts Order, Dalen from the Shadow Citadel, Caleb from Sacred Wrym Summit, Emeret from the Sword Union, Zane from the Embraco Order, and Dustin, an independent contestant with no affiliations.
Among these contestants, Glenn, Fenley, and Abigail stood out as the top contenders for the tournament finals. Their guilds had deep roots in the martial world, and all three were top- ranking names on the Legendary List. So, it made them the favorites to take home the championship title.
The other five were also exceptional talents. Each had a legitimate shot at the tournament finals, though they paled slightly compared to Glenn and the other favorites.
In the battle ring, anything could happen in the blink of an eye. Until the final moments, the outcome remained uncertain.
There were countless stories of underdogs defeating stronger opponents and even martial artists who seemed destined for victory lost for various reasons. This unpredictability added a thrilling edge to the matches.
About an hour later, the contestants made their entrance. The atmosphere swelled with thunderous applause and cheers.
###Chapter 2371
Every contestant who reached the top eight was a rare genius handpicked from thousands. Their popularity was sky-high, and just showing up was enough to create a buzz. Glenn, Fenley, and Abigail, the favorites to win, were mainly in the spotlight.
In addition to the matches, someone had secretly set up a betting pool. For many gamblers, the outcome of the tournament finals would decide whether they would win big or lose everything.
The stands were nearly packed by the time Dustin and Grace arrived at the venue. When the audience spotted him, many rose to their feet and applauded to show respect.
While his reputation and skill might not rival those at the top of the Legendary List, his performance had been impressive.
He had defeated two foreign contestants and brought honor to Dragonmarsh martial artists. That was enough to earn him widespread admiration.
“Faith! Dr. Rhys! Over here!” Alicia called out from the reserved section for Celestial Alliance disciples.
She stood and waved at Dustin and Grace. Her radiant smile caused the hearts of many nearby young men to race. As the fifth-ranked beauty on the Beauty Ranking, even her simplest expressions were captivating.
“Let’s go.”
Dustin and Grace exchanged smiles and accepted the invitation. They walked over to sit beside Alicia. The seats were spacious, and there was a small table filled with fruits and snacks.
“Dr. Rhys, it’s the final showdown today. How do you feel? Are you confident you can break into the top three?” Alicia asked with a smile.
“I’ll give it my all and leave the rest to fate. I’ll take whatever comes my way, Dustin said indifferently. 11
“Now that’s the right mindset.” Alicia chuckled. “Anything can happen in the ring. Until the final moment, you never know how things will unfold.”
“Alicia, the draw for the matches is about to start. Where’s Mr. Hudson?” Grace scanned the crowd but didn’t see Fenley anywhere, which struck her as odd. He had been there early for the tournament matches yesterday, so it was hard to believe he would skip out today.
“He went into seclusion last night. My father didn’t let anyone near him, so I have no idea what’s happening.” Alicia shook her head.
Earlier that morning, she and Aurora had planned to call Fenley to join them for the ride. But her father had stopped them and warned them to keep quiet.
“Seclusion?” Grace raised an eyebrow. Isn’t it a little late for that? If he misses the match, it’ll be a huge blow.”
Such a major event wouldn’t make an exception for anyone. While someone could step in to draw lots in their absence, missing the match meant immediate disqualification.
“I don’t know what they’re thinking.” Alicia sighed. “But Fenley should make it in time. He’s been preparing for this match for a long time, so I doubt he’d give up easily.”
Grace nodded and chose not to say anything.
“Here he comes! Fenley’s here!”
Aurora suddenly exclaimed. Her eyes lit up as she pointed toward a figure in the distance.
Everyone turned to see Fenley and Alloy striding confidently toward them. Fenley seemed even more vibrant. His whole demeanor had changed. If he had been sharp and bold yesterday, now he exuded calm and composure.
“Fenley! Over here!”
Alicia stood and waved as Fenley glanced her way. After exchanging a few words with Alloy, he made his way over.
Meanwhile, Alloy headed to the main seats facing the battle ring. As the guildmaster of the Celestial Alliance, he wasn’t about to squeeze in with the younger generations. The only ones worthy of sitting alongside him were Cyrus, Penelope, and Kaden-his equals.
“Fenley, how did it go? Did your seclusion training make a difference?” Alicia asked eagerly as soon as he took his seat.
“Thanks to the Advancil Godfather gave me, I’ve broken through to the next level,” he replied with a smile.
After a night of intense training, he had fully absorbed the effects of the Advancil. He crossed the final threshold and broke through to the ultimate grandmaster level.
“Another breakthrough?”
Alicia and Aurora exchanged a quick glance, and understanding dawned on them. Their faces broke into bright smiles.
“That’s amazing! Congratulations on your breakthrough. Looks like the championship title in this Combat Tournament is well within our reach.”
Before his breakthrough, Fenley was already formidable. Now that he had advanced further, his strength must have multiplied.
“It’s too early to talk about winning. But after my breakthrough, I do feel much more confident,” he said with a faint smile.
Fenley had watched the top eight contestants compete yesterday and knew they were all tough opponents. He wouldn’t have felt very confident about his chances in the past, but now everything had changed.
Advancing from halfway to ultimate grandmaster to genuinely achieving the title might have seemed like a small step, but his strength had grown exponentially. He could now confidently consider himself a formidable force to be reckoned with.
###Chapter 2372
“Just make sure you’re ready. Let’s show everyone what the Celestial Alliance is capable of today.” Alicia was brimming with excitement.
“Exactly! If you can defeat Glenn, you’ll be the unrivaled champion!” Aurora chimed in, equally enthusiastic.
Fenley’s improved skills significantly boosted the Celestial Alliance’s morale. They all understood that today’s outcome would impact the guild’s future.
Their prestige would soar to new heights if he won the championship title. But if he lost to the Sword Union or the Mystic Arts Order, it would deliver a significant blow to their reputation.
“Unrivaled champion?” Fenley murmured to himself as his eyes gleamed with determination. He had longed for that title for years, and now the opportunity was right before him.
If he could defeat Glenn today, he would be the unrivaled champion among the younger generation. The thought ignited a fire within him as he subconsciously glanced at Glenn’s direction.
Glenn sensed something and turned his gaze to meet Fenley’s. The tension between them was electric as each sized the other up with fierce determination.
After three tense seconds, they both broke the stare and pretended nothing had happened. But beneath the surface, they had ignited the flames of rivalry.
The Celestial Alliance and the Sword Union had always been rivals. With Fenley and Glenn representing the best of each guild, comparisons were unavoidable. But since they had never fought, speculation about who was stronger ran wild.
Since the latest rankings on the Legendary List were released, Glenn had consistently overshadowed Fenley. As a result, public opinion began to lean toward the idea that Glenn was the stronger of the two.
But the disciples of the Celestial Alliance weren’t satisfied. Frustration burned within them, and they felt it was unjust to declare Glenn the strongest without him stepping into the ring to prove it. To them, there was no foundation for such a claim.
Hence, the Celestial Alliance placed particular emphasis on this tournament. The match between Fenley and Glenn was the showdown everyone had been waiting for.
Today, it was more than just a battle for victory. It was a fight for the honor of their respective guilds. Under these circumstances, Fenley and Glenn would go all out in the match.
As time passed, the remaining contestants began to gather. After a night of rest, the top eight were energized and brimming with confidence.
They carried the weight of their entire guild on their shoulders and were fully prepared for the challenges that lay ahead.
As the time approached, Oron stepped onto the battle ring. “Today is the final round of the tournament. We’ll kick things off with a draw to randomly assign your matchups.
“Contestant number one will face number eight, contestant number two will take on number seven, contestant number three will go up against number six, and contestant number four will square off against number five.
“The first half will consist of four matches, with the winners advancing to the semifinals. Keep in mind that this is a friendly match. Focus on skill and respect. You’re the pride of Dragonmarsh, and I don’t want to see anyone get hurt in this ring.”
Oron paused and scanned the crowd before continuing, “Okay. Without further delay, the top eight contestants, please come up and draw your lots.”
Soon, the top eight contestants headed to the battle ring, one by one.
Glenn and Fenley stepped up first, and they emerged from opposite sides. They hadn’t exchanged blows yet, but the tension crackling in the air signaled they were ready for a fight.
Next came Abigail, Dalen, Caleb, Emeret, Zane, and Dustin. They drew lots in the order they entered.
As before, none of the contestants revealed their numbers, which added an exciting layer of suspense. The crowd buzzed with anticipation about who would face off against whom. After the draw, the eight contestants returned to their seats.
Dustin drew number five, while his opponent was assigned number four. He scanned the crowd but found no clue, so he shrugged it off.
Before the matches kicked off, Sacred Wyrm Summit had arranged a musical performance to entertain the audience.
Although they weren’t particularly invested, they offered their respect with applause that echoed from beginning to end.
After the performance ended, Oron returned to the ring and looked at the matchup list in his hands.
He announced, “The match is about to begin. In the first match, contestant number one, Fenley Hudson, is going up against contestant number eight, Dalen Shade. Let’s welcome our contestants to the battle ring.”
Fenley strode toward the ring, brimming with confidence.
In contrast, Dalen shook his head and sighed. “What a stroke of bad luck. Why do I have to face this guy?”
If he were up against Emeret or Zane, he might have had a shot at winning. But facing someone like Fenley, a top master on the Legendary List, right from the start was a real headache.
“Mr. Shade! You’ve got this! Don’t let anyone from the Celestial Alliance look down on you!” Ruby cheered as she waved her fists in encouragement.
“Mr. Shade, don’t feel any pressure. Forget about winning or losing-just focus on putting on a great performance,” Crystal encouraged him.
Making it to the top eight was already a significant accomplishment. After all, facing off against someone like Fenley, the Chosen One, was nothing to be ashamed of, even if Dalen lost.
“Exactly! No matter the outcome, just go out there and show them what you can do!”
Taking a deep breath, Dalen calmed his mind and stepped into the ring. Fenley might be strong, but that didn’t mean he was unbeatable.
###Chapter 2373
On the battle ring, Fenley and Dalen stared at each other from a distance.
Both were geniuses who stood out among thousands, but Fenley had the edge in reputation and prestige. However, Dalen had more fans, and the reason was simple-he was handsome.
As soon as he entered the ring, cheers erupted from the crowd. Most voices belonged to young women who had formed an energetic cheer squad. They encouraged and chanted his name like fans meeting their favorite celebrity.
But it wasn’t just the women that were drawn to him. Dalen’s looks held a certain charm for another group as well. Some bold men, ignoring the awkward glances around them, openly declared their affection. Their behavior was bordering on wild obsession.
“Dalen! I love you more than a dog loves a good belly rub.”
“Dalen! I’d do anything for you.”
“Dalen! Do you know the difference between you and the stars? The stars are up there, but you’re in my heart.”
The fanatical outbursts came from men holding banners and shouting cheesy lines. Their voices were even louder than the women’s cheer squad. 1
It was quite a sight, and the surrounding spectators were unsure how to respond. While it took real courage for men to express their love for one another, it was something most people needed time to adjust to.
“Looks like Mr. Shade is quite the popular guy. He even got men swooning over him.”
“Sometimes, being good-looking can be a bit of a hassle.”
Crystal and Ruby shared a knowing glance and could barely hold back their laughter. Beneath their amusement lay an unexpected thrill at his striking looks. If he happened to be into men, the sisters realized it would undoubtedly turn things up a notch.
In the battle ring, Dalen was unfazed by the cheers and shouts around him. He had been through it countless times and was accustomed to it.
As the tension in the air grew thick with anticipation, Oron wasted no time and announced the start of the match.
“I’m Dalen Shade from the Shadow Citadel.” Dalen nodded respectfully.
“I’m Fenley Hudson from the Celestial Alliance.” Fenley returned the gesture impassively.
Any contestant who made it to the top eight was no pushover. Even with complete confidence, he knew better than to underestimate his opponent. He knew that every opponent deserved his full effort. Even the slightest misstep could cost him everything in a match like this.
“It’s been a while, Mr. Hudson. I’ve been looking forward to learning from you today,” Dalen said, slowly pulling out a folded fan from his waist.
This was the weapon he had held back during his previous match with Jude. But now he wasn’t going to hold back when facing Fenley.
“Make your move.” Fenley stood with his hands clasped behind his back, exuding a commanding presence.
“Then, I won’t hold back!” Dalen shot forward like an arrow released from a bow. As he closed in, he flicked his wrist. Three poisoned needles shot from the fan, and each one targeted Fenley’s vital points.
“Child’s play!”
Fenley didn’t dodge. With a heavy stomp, the ground beneath him cracked open with a loud noise.
A powerful surge of internal energy burst forth like a raging storm. It deflected the poisonous needles before continuing toward Dalen with unstoppable force.
Dust and debris swirled in the air. The energy wave distorted the atmosphere with sheer power, tearing through everything in its path.
This was the strength Fenley displayed after breaking through to the ultimate grandmaster level. Just a single stomp could send chills down anyone’s spine.
“Huh?”
Dalen’s eyes narrowed as he realized he couldn’t withstand Fenley’s attack. With a quick push from the ground, he launched himself into the air like a hawk taking flight. He narrowly avoided the powerful wave of internal energy that swept toward him.
Fenley sneered. “What a fool.”
Suddenly, a blinding light radiated from his body, and a colossal ethereal divine spirit materialized behind him. He raised his hand, and the spirit mirrored the motion as it slammed down on Dalen, who was still in the air.
The spirit’s palm shadow came crashing down with the weight of a mountain, accompanied by a thunderous roar as if it aimed to flatten Dalen.
Fenley’s mastery of the Four Elements of God’s Technique had reached terrifying new heights since his breakthrough. His attacks were now more devastating than ever.
“Split!”
As the massive palm loomed closer and escape seemed impossible, Dalen quickly formed a hand seal with his fingers. Instantly, his body divided into three and darted off in different directions.
“Hmm?” Fenley hesitated momentarily and couldn’t discern which was the real Dalen and which one to chase.
“Spectral Clone Technique? How does he know that?”
“Wait! Isn’t that Jude’s signature move? Where did Dalen learn it?”
“This guy seems to have a lot of secrets. You can’t judge a book by its cover.”
Dalen’s sudden use of the Spectral Clone Technique sent shockwaves through the crowd.
Everyone knew Jude had two signature moves-Spectral Sprint Technique and Spectral Clone Technique. These techniques were the reason he secured the tenth spot on the Legendary List.
They had assumed that the Spectral Clone Technique was his exclusive move, so it was a shock to see Dalen use it.
As expected, no contestants in the top eight could be taken lightly.
###Chapter 2374
It wasn’t just the spectators that were stunned. Even Fenley, standing in the battle ring, was equally caught off guard by Dalen’s sudden use of the Spectral Clone Technique.
Since when did the Shadow Citadel have such an advanced technique? Even more surprising was Dalen’s skill mastery, which rivaled Jude’s.
Fenley’s sharp eyes struggled to distinguish the real Dalen from the clones. It was clear that Dalen’s proficiency in the Spectral Clone Technique had reached a near- perfection level, which couldn’t be achieved overnight.
No wonder Dalen had managed to defeat Jude. It turned out he was equally proficient in the same technique.
As they said, “Understanding your opponent is key to victory.” He leveraged his understanding of the technique to identify and exploit the weaknesses.
Fenley had to acknowledge that Dalen was adept at masking his true talents. Yet, even with the surprise, he wasn’t intimidated. The Spectral Clone Technique might be tricky, but it was nothing he couldn’t tackle. It simply meant he would need to put in some extra effort.
“That’s impressive, but it won’t change anything. You’re still going to lose,” Fenley said coldly.
“We won’t know who will win until we fight!” Dalen shot back as he charged forward.
With a twist of his folding fan, a three- inch blade sprang out. He wielded it like a sword and lunged at Fenley’s chest. He knew he couldn’t hold back against such a formidable opponent, as any hint of weakness would lead to defeat.
“You’re pushing your luck!” Fenley scoffed and stood his ground. He raised his palm and thrust it forward.
A thunderous sound echoed as the ethereal divine spirit behind him mirrored the movement. A massive palm shadow, as large as a truck, barreled toward Dalen with unstoppable force.
“Split!”
Dalen quickly formed a hand seal with one hand. As he sprinted, his body split into three.
While dodging the palm shadow, each clone attacked Fenley from different angles. Their forms were indistinguishable from one another.
“Get lost!”
Fenley spread his arms wide and struck with both palms to hit the two Dalen figures approaching from either side. At the same time, he launched a kick at the third one that was charging straight at him. His movements were precise and perfectly timed to intercept all three figures.
“Split!”
Just as Fenley launched his counterattack, Dalen’s body trembled and split again-each clone multiplying into three. In a heartbeat, those three became nine. Soon, the ring was filled with his clones, and telling the real one apart was impossible.
“His Spectral Clone Technique rivals Jude’s.”
“Honestly, I think Dalen’s technique is even better than Jude’s. He can dodge Fenley’s attacks while cloning himself.”
“You’re right. His timing and execution are better than Jude’s.”
Dalen’s impressive performance set the crowd murmuring.
When Dalen defeated Jude in the previous match, most believed it was pure luck. Jude had underestimated Dalen from the start, losing his advantage and sustaining serious injuries.
Although Jude managed to bounce back and use his ultimate technique, he wasn’t at his best. In the end, Dalen found an opening and took him down.
Jude’s arrogance and Dalen’s fortune created the perfect storm for an underdog victory. At least, that was how the spectators viewed it.
But now, after seeing what Dalen was capable of, their opinions changed. His win wasn’t based on luck. It was based on his skill and strength that ordinary eyes couldn’t perceive.
After multiplying into nine clones, Dalen pressed his attack. He darted in and out to strike at Fenley from all angles.
“Clones, huh? I can do that too!”
Fenley’s expression hardened as another surge of internal energy erupted within him. The ethereal divine spirit behind him shapeshifted. It grew two more heads and four additional arms, transforming into a three- headed, six-armed entity.
The crowd couldn’t believe their eyes. They hadn’t anticipated that Fenley’s Four Elements of God’s Technique could possess so many transformations.
He had unlocked this skill only after breaking through to the ultimate grandmaster level. For him, breaking through wasn’t just about cultivation. It also meant a significant leap in his speed, reflexes, understanding of martial arts techniques, and their application.
“Die!”
With a low growl, Fenley commanded the three-headed, six-armed ethereal divine spirit to unleash a relentless barrage on Dalen’s nine clones.
The palm shadows fell like a storm. They were powerful and unrelenting as if they could break through anything in their path.
Fenley didn’t care about the Spectral Clone Technique or which one was the real Dalen because he wanted to kill all of them.
As the storm approached, Dalen’s nine clones darted to evade the incoming strikes. But the overwhelming tide of blows was relentless and inescapable.
One by one, the clones were blasted apart and dissipated into thin air. In just two breaths, only two of Dalen’s figures remained. Yet, Fenley showed no signs of stopping and destroyed the other clone.
“I’ve got you now!” He sneered as he focused on the last remaining Dalen. He directed his ethereal divine spirit to strike and sent all six palms crashing down from every direction as if to crush an ant underfoot.
###Chapter 2375
Under the crushing force of the three- headed, six-armed ethereal divine spirit, the last of Dalen’s clone immediately shattered into fragments.
The crowd erupted in chaos, especially those women who had supported him. They screamed in anguish, and some even fainted. Watching such a handsome man reduced to dust felt like a tragic waste.
Amid the stand uproar, Fenley remained unfazed in the battle ring. When the ethereal divine spirit struck Dalen, what had exploded wasn’t a body but a ball of air.
In other words, the figure who had just shattered was merely a clone. Where was the real Dalen hiding if those nine figures were all clones?
Just as Fenley frowned in confusion, a sudden sense of danger prickled at his scalp. He instinctively looked up and saw Dalen diving toward him headfirst with a folding fan in hand.
Dalen descended silently, like a meteor hurtling toward the ground. The tip of the fan was a half-sheathed sword, and its edge glinted menacingly.
“You’re courting death!”
As Dalen plunged toward him, Fenley reacted swiftly and raised both palms above his head. A surge of grandmaster -level internal energy erupted from him, crashing out like a tidal wave.
A loud explosion rang out as Dalen’s ambushing figure exploded and dissolved into a wisp of vapor.
“It’s a clone?” Fenley paused, momentarily taken aback. The danger he sensed moments ago was unlike anything he had experienced. So, how could that have been a clone?
A metallic sound rang out from behind him. Dalen had somehow flashed behind him, thrusting the sword- tipped fan straight at his back.
But the anticipated image of a heart- piercing strike didn’t materialize. As the sword pierced Fenley’s shirt and grazed his skin, it encountered an invisible shield of internal energy that deflected the blow.
Only a few knew that the Four Elements of God’s Technique was more than an offensive technique. It also offered near -impenetrable defense.
When executed, it became virtually impervious to blades and fire without leaving any weaknesses to be exploited. So, an ambush like that wouldn’t inflict a scratch.
“Guess it wasn’t going to be that easy after all,” Dalen muttered.
As Fenley turned toward him, Dalen had already retreated and swiftly widened the gap between them. His Spectral Clone Technique had been executed flawlessly and managed to deceive Fenley. Unfortunately, his raw strength just wasn’t enough.
The impenetrable defense of the Four Elements of God’s Technique was simply too strong to break through. It was a wasted opportunity.
“He’s not dead? Dalen is still alive?”
“Not only is he alive, but he nearly wounded Fenley. This guy’s no joke.”
“Such mastery of illusion and deception. The way he uses the Spectral Clone Technique is on another level.”
Everything had happened so fast. Dalen had fooled Fenley twice with his clones and even created a window for a sneak attack. Though he failed, his battle instincts and intelligence were undeniable.
“You… are impressive.” Fenley glanced at his torn clothes before staring at Dalen with a hint of menace creeping into his expression.
He continued, “You were so close to injuring me, but that small difference in skill is an unbridgeable gap.”
Fenley had to admit that Dalen was formidable. Before his breakthrough, facing him would have been a challenge. But that was no longer the case.
No matter how skilled or agile Dalen was, he was just a grandmaster martial artist. Meanwhile, Fenley had already attained the level of ultimate grandmaster, and that distinction made all the difference.
With Fenley’s current level of cultivation, as long as he executed the Four Elements of God’s Technique, Dalen wouldn’t be able to break through his defenses.
That was the gap between them. From the beginning of the fight, Fenley was already unbeatable.
“You seem much stronger than yesterday. Looks like you’ve broken through. You must’ve paid a steep price for it.” Dalen’s eyes gleamed as he noticed Fenley’s presence was strikingly different from what it had been just a day before.
“Sharp observation. But you’re mistaken about one thing. My breakthrough was effortless. It just happened a few days earlier than expected,” Fenley replied coolly.
“Well, congratulations.” Dalen smiled faintly. “But even if you have broken through to another level, winning the championship won’t be easy.”
“Whether I win or not isn’t your concern. Since you know the difference between us, it would be wise to admit defeat. It’s better for both of us,” Fenley urged.
He rarely bothered talking with ordinary martial artists. Instead, he’d just crush them outright.
However, Dalen was different. His mastery of the Spectral Clone Technique meant defeating him would take more effort than Fenley wanted to spend.
With a tough match against Glenn coming up, he couldn’t afford to waste energy on Dalen.
“Admitting defeat would be too humiliating,” Dalen said, still smiling. I may not be able to defeat you, but I’d like to see just how deadly the Four Elements of God’s Technique really is.” 11
“You’d be risking your life if you want to see my killer move. The real question is-are you ready for the consequences? “Fenley asked coldly.
“I’d like to find out,” Dalen grinned.
“Fine. Since you’re so eager to die, I’ll make it happen.” Fenley’s patience snapped, and his eyes turned icy.
They had no personal grudges, and he never intended to kill. But if Dalen insisted on pushing his luck, Fenley wouldn’t hesitate to show his ruthless side.
###Chapter 2376
With his mind made up, Fenley no longer hesitated and began to build up his momentum. Soon, powerful internal energy surged from various vital points in his body.
In an instant, his hair stood on end, his robe billowed, and a brilliant light emanated from him. Behind him, the ethereal divine spirit sharpened into a more defined figure, and its features were striking and imposing.
Dalen’s expression turned serious upon seeing that. He knew Fenley was preparing to execute his killer move.
“Split!”
Without hesitation, he formed a series of hand seals with both hands. His body trembled and split into three identical figures. The process repeated as it multiplied into 27 clones in the blink of an eye.
But creating those clones came at a cost. Dalen’s breath grew noticeably heavier; he was at his limit. He would push his body beyond its breaking point if he continued to multiply.
“Just a flashy move.” Fenley scoffed at the clones surrounding him. “Let me show you what real divine power looks like.”
He slowly raised his hands to his chest and thrust them forward. “Fury of Wind God!”
As he unleashed his attack, the ethereal divine spirit mirrored his movements. In an instant, the sky darkened while thunder rumbled and winds howled.
Two massive palm shadows surged forward, carrying a storm of razor- sharp wind blades. The sheer volume of blades was staggering, filling the air with a relentless assault.
At first glance, the Fury of Wind God focused on the palm shadows, with the wind blades as mere support. But the true deadly strike was concealed within the countless wind blades swirling in the sky.
“Scatter!”
Dalen signaled for his 27 clones to scatter, and each darted in different directions to avoid the onslaught. He didn’t intend to face Fenley’s deadly strike head-on unless necessary.
Fenley’s two palm shadows shattered nine of Dalen’s clones, and the palm wind ripped even those that weren’t directly hit. Though the remaining clones managed to avoid the palm shadows, they couldn’t escape the wind blades.
The air filled with the sharp whistle of countless wind blades, each carrying terrifying lethal force. They continued tearing through Dalen’s clones.
Dalen’s 27 clones began to diminish at a visible rate. In just a few breaths, only a fraction remained.
But Fenley’s wind blades showed no sign of slowing down. They blanketed the area and created an unending storm of destruction.
A chill ran down the spectators’ spines. At that moment, they truly understood the terrifying might of the Four Elements of God’s Technique.
Even in the first form of Fury of the Wind God could devastate everything on its path. Once executed, the area within a hundred yards became a death zone. Any living being caught inside would be torn apart by the wind blades.
This dazzling and formidable attack eclipsed everything they had witnessed in previous matches.
“Looks like the one ranked high on the Legendary List lives up to the hype.”
“Why do I feel like Fenley is much stronger today than yesterday?”
“You’re right. Yesterday, he used the Fury of Wind God from the Four Elements of God’s Technique, but it wasn’t nearly as terrifying as this. Do you think he was holding back?”
Fenley’s strength stirred murmurs among the spectators. Some even worried about Dalen’s fate. With an opponent like Fenley, winning seemed unlikely, and Dalen’s life was on the line.
After sacrificing 26 clones and successfully avoiding Fenley’s attacks, Dalen stood behind him. It was the only spot where the wind blades couldn’t reach him.
“Ha! Do you think you can escape death like this? Such a foolish delusion!” Fenley suddenly turned with both fists clenched as he aimed them at Dalen. ” Fury of Fire God!”
The ethereal divine spirit behind him mirrored his movement. Thunder cracked in the sky as two massive flaming fists shot toward Dalen.
The battle ring was charred wherever the flaming fists passed, and the air warped under the intense heat. The terrifying energy swept through the arena in an instant.
With no clones to distract the attack, Dalen had nowhere to run from the flaming fists. Since evasion was out of the question, he could only face it head- on.
He quickly formed hand seals. A layer of silver light enveloped him like shimmering armor, adding a regal air to his striking features.
“Advance, Combatants, Engage, Entirety, Form, Lines, March Forward -Break it!” Upon finishing his incantation, he transformed into a streak of silver and charged straight at Fenley’s flaming fists.
The silver light collided with the red light in midair. After a brief moment of suspension, it exploded with a thunderous boom.
The ground shook violently. A wave of terrifying energy radiated from the impact point, sweeping outward like an unstoppable avalanche.
“Oh, no!” Oron’s face paled. Without hesitation, he activated the protective barrier around the battle ring. If this energy escaped, the casualties could be catastrophic.
###Chapter 2377
A burst of blue light exploded, creating a dome of lightning that enveloped the battle ring. Waves of explosive energy hammered against the barrier like relentless tides. The shield trembled violently for several breaths before finally stabilizing.
The spectators below exhaled in relief, but their hearts were still racing. If it weren’t for Oron’s quick reaction, the leaked energy from that explosion could have put them all at risk.
After all, Fenley was an ultimate grandmaster. Even a casual strike from him could be lethal.
On the battle ring, everything changed after the dust settled.
Fenley stood tall and looked imposing. His robes billowed like the wings of an angel. The ethereal divine spirit behind him flickered to life, and its sharp gaze added an intimidating edge to his formidable stance.
In contrast, Dalen was thrown back ten yards after the collision. His handsome face turned pale, blood trickling from the corner of his mouth, and his arms trembled uncontrollably.
“The gap is wider than I thought,” he lamented silently.
He could feel that Fenley was significantly stronger today compared to his performance yesterday. Even before Fenley broke through to the next level, Dalen’s chances of victory had been slim. Now, they were virtually nonexistent.
“You were able to withstand my Fury of Fire God. I must admit you’re impressive.” With a piercing gaze, Fenley continued, “In the past, it would have been tough for me to beat you. But now, there’s a clear gap in our levels.
Any resistance on your part is pointless.
If Dalen were an ordinary grandmaster martial artist, the impact of the Fury of Fire God would have left him as nothing more than ashes. Yet he was still standing and had only sustained minor internal injuries. This was a testament to his exceptional skill.
Fenley respected skilled opponents. He chose not to finish him off and held back instead. If he had unleashed the Fury of Thunder God, Dalen would either be dead or left incapacitated.
“Thank you for showing mercy, Mr. Hudson. I accept my defeat.” Dalen straightened up and saluted with a fist. “I concede.”
Fenley sighed in relief upon hearing that. He hadn’t gone all out but had been careful to hold back his strength.
The Four Elements of God’s Technique was taxing to execute. While unleashing the Fury of Thunder God could take Dalen down, it would also drain his energy. He needed to conserve his strength for the upcoming matches, and Dalen’s concession spared him that effort.
Dalen’s loss didn’t come as a surprise. From the moment they entered the ring, most of the spectators saw Fenley as the obvious favorite. The only question was how long Dalen could withstand Fenley’s relentless attacks.
Surviving two of Fenley’s finishing moves was a testament to Dalen’s remarkable skill. If the fight had continued, it could have turned deadly.
It was just a match, and there was no reason to gamble with their lives. Fighting a losing battle wasn’t courage but plain foolishness. Clearly, Dalen was anything but a fool.
“Contestant number eight, Dalen Shade, concedes. Congratulations to contestant number one, Fenley Hudson, for winning this round,” Oron announced quickly.
Thunderous applause followed, especially from the Celestial Alliance disciples, who cheered joyously. Fenley’s victory over Dalen meant he secured a spot in the semifinals, making it a cause for celebration.
“Mr. Marshall, your principal disciple is truly remarkable,” Kaden remarked from the stands, smiling. “It’s like he’s been reborn overnight. His strength has skyrocketed, and this is genuinely impressive.”
Fenley’s display of the Four Elements of God’s Technique yesterday paled in comparison to today’s performance. Even a casual observer could see the difference.
“Sage Foyer, you certainly have a keen eye,” Alloy replied with a faint smile.
He continued proudly, “Fenley made a breakthrough just before the match. He’s now an ultimate grandmaster and ready to stand on his own.”
“Oh? Really? Then, congratulations are in order,” Kaden replied with a smile.
“While breaking through in the heat of battle can boost one’s abilities, it also comes with risks. If he can’t solidify his cultivation, he might end up going astray,” Cyrus piped in.
He couldn’t stand seeing the Celestial Alliance bask in glory and felt the need to rain on their parade.
“Hmph! You don’t have to worry about Fenley. He has a solid foundation, and this breakthrough came naturally. There are no risks of going astray.
Someone might be in for a disappointment,” Alloy retorted, annoyed by Cyrus’s negativity.
“Even without those risks, the fact remains that his strength isn’t stable. Do you really believe a freshly minted ultimate grandmaster can claim the championship? That’s a naive thought.
“Cyrus sneered.
Glenn had reached the ultimate grandmaster level two years ago, and Cyrus was sure a newcomer like Fenley couldn’t possibly measure up.
“Hmph! You’ll see soon enough if he’s got what it takes to win. Let’s hope your ego can handle the truth when it comes out,” Alloy shot back.
The Celestial Alliance had skills beyond the Four Elements of God’s Technique. Fenley wasn’t an ordinary talent. He could defeat tougher opponents and consistently rise to the challenge.
###Chapter 2378
Though Dalen had been defeated, his fanbase didn’t seem to care. His female supporters were still going wild, chanting his name. It was a scene unlike anything the other contestants had experienced.
Being good-looking definitely had its perks.
“Mr. Shade, are you alright?” Ruby asked with genuine concern as Dalen returned to his seat.
“It’s just a minor injury. Nothing serious.” He shook his head with a smile, though a hint of melancholy and regret lingered in his eyes.
Dalen had entered the tournament to make a name for himself and prove he was as good as anyone. Finishing in the top eight was respectable, but he had aimed for more.
Unfortunately, his strength had fallen short, and he stumbled at the threshold of the final four. Still, losing to Fenley was something he accepted wholeheartedly.
“You’ve done well, Mr. Shade. Many disciples from the major guilds are nowhere near your level. Don’t be too hard on yourself,” Crystal comforted him.
“Yeah. You’re way better than me. I didn’t even make it to the top sixteen. Just look at you. You’re famous and have a ton of supporters. You’re impressive,” Miles chimed in.
In this tournament, not only had he failed to achieve a good ranking, but he was also gravely injured. Half of his body was wrapped in bandages.
By comparison, Dalen had already made a name for himself in the martial world. On the other side, Aurora beamed at Fenley. “You were amazing! You won that match without breaking a sweat.”
“My opponent was strong, but I had the advantage in cultivation level. If we’d been on equal ground, it would have been a tough fight.” He didn’t let his success go to his head. His earlier opponents were nothing more than warm-ups, but today’s match had truly tested him.
“Either way, you won and made it to the semifinals. Just two more victories and the championship is yours.”
Aurora had unwavering confidence in him.
“The path to the championship won’t be easy,” Fenley said. His gaze drifted toward Glenn, who sat calmly with his eyes closed in meditation.
Glenn was his biggest challenge. Defeating him was the only path to claim the championship. The rest of Fenley’s wins wouldn’t mean a thing without that victory.
After the first match ended, there was a break. With plenty of time today, things moved at a steady pace.
The crowd stayed engaged with performances between matches, giving the contestants time to prepare for the next round. Once the music and dance performance ended, the second match was ready to start.
Oron stepped onto the battle ring and scanned the matchup list before announcing, “The second match is between contestant number two, Glenn Hadley, and contestant number seven, Emeret Dwight.”
As soon as the match was announced, murmurs swept through the crowd. Glenn and Emeret were Sword Union disciples, so this was an internal showdown.
“Oh dear, Mr. Hadley. Looks like your guild isn’t having the best luck. Your disciples are set to face each other. What a tragedy!” Alloy said sarcastically, shaking his head. After being humiliated by Cyrus earlier, he saw his chance for revenge.
At this point, even disciples from the same guild couldn’t afford to hold back. The chance for glory was right in front of them, so who would let that slip away? If they clashed, there would be bloodshed. Alloy could only sit back and watch the drama unfold.
“Hmph! Luck may not be on our side, but at least we’ve got the skill to back it up, unlike your guild. Even if one of us gets knocked out, we can still take the championship. As for you, making it to the finals is far from guaranteed,” Cyrus retorted sharply.
He had been sure of their chances, with two Sword Union disciples making it to the top eight. Both seemed to have had the opportunity to reach the semifinals, but that certainty was fading fast with them facing off in the second round.
“Ha! Instead of worrying about my disciples reaching the finals, maybe you should be concerned about your two prized disciples tearing each other apart,” Alloy smirked. “They’re both geniuses. Losing one would be a real shame!”
“Life and death are out of our control, and luck plays its part. Once they enter that ring, they must be ready for anything. If they aren’t strong enough, they get what’s coming,” Cyrus said coldly.
“Wow! You’re heartless.” Alloy shook his head.
“Gentlemen, the contestants are already in the ring. Let’s just watch the match,” Penelope interrupted.
Cyrus and Alloy exchanged glares before turning their attention to the battle ring.
Glenn was the first to enter the ring, and his sword case was strapped to his back. With a cold expression, he stood like a drawn blade, radiating sharp intensity.
In contrast, Emeret had a much softer presence. A natural smile graced his face, reminiscent of a spring breeze.
If Glenn was the biting chill of deep winter, Emeret was the sun’s warmth breaking through the cold.
###Chapter 2379
Emeret stood in the battle ring with a sword in his hand. A faint smile crossed his face as he looked at Glenn. “I didn’t expect us to face each other so soon. It seems we can’t avoid this match.”
Glenn might have been the genius everyone raved about, but Emeret wasn’t one to be underestimated. He had always kept a low profile, avoiding the spotlight and focusing on his training in silence.
Emeret didn’t enter the Combat Tournament for recognition. Instead, he wanted to test his strength. He knew training in isolation wouldn’t help him improve, so he needed to challenge the best to test his abilities.
“You can’t defeat me. Just surrender,” Glenn said coldly. He didn’t want to go all out against someone from the same guild.
“How can you tell who’s better without a fight?” Emeret continued to smile. ” Glenn, I joined the Sword Union a few years before you. You might be the Chosen One, but don’t underestimate me. Defeating me won’t be as easy as you think.”
“You’re not on my level. Save your strength,” Glenn said impassively.
With his keen eye, he could tell Emeret had reached the level of a developed grandmaster. It was enough for him to establish his own guild and dominate territory, but he still fell short of being Glenn’s equal.
“Skill level isn’t everything. As the Sword Union disciple, we often take down opponents who are stronger than us.” Emeret exhibited a balanced mindset that was neither boastful nor impatient.
Glenn raised an eyebrow, and his expression turned icy. “What? Are you really comparing me to those losers?”
“Of course not.” Emeret smiled and shook his head. “You’re the number one expert on the Legendary List, and I respect that. Just remember, there’s always someone stronger. Never underestimate your opponent.”
“When my sword is drawn, it won’t stop until it draws blood. Once we begin, I won’t hold back, so think carefully,” Glenn warned.
He would skip the small talk and go straight for the kill if it were anyone else. But Emeret was his senior, so he exercised a bit of restraint.
“Now that I’m here, I’m ready. Draw your sword, and let’s see whose skills shine more.” Emeret slowly unsheathed his sword.
The sword glimmered like polished silver. Its edge was razor-sharp and gleamed in the sunlight. It was clear this was no ordinary weapon.
“Fine. I won’t hold back.” Glenn skipped the small talk and struck first.
He pointed his finger and released a deadly beam of sword aura toward Emeret’s chest. The attack was lightning-fast and was nearly impossible to evade.
Previously, a grandmaster master artist had fallen to the same deadly attack from Glenn.
“Sword finger?” Emeret raised an eyebrow. Instinct kicked in, and he swung his sword down in a vertical strike. His sword cleaved through the sword aura and shattered it into fragments with a thunderous crash.
Glenn’s attack had been quick, but Emeret reacted even quicker. This exchange was just a test, and neither had gained the upper hand.
“Hmph!” Glenn wasn’t backing down. He raised his right hand and flicked his fingers three times.
Three beams of sword aura shot through the air. Each carried immense force that aimed straight at Emeret’s head and body. These strikes were faster and much more powerful than before.
Emeret stayed calm. His silver sword moved in a blur as he unleashed a dazzling silver light.
Three explosive impacts rang out, and he shattered all three sword auras. His movements were precise, decisive, and fluid. It was impressive to achieve this skill level against Glenn’s fierce onslaught.
Emeret grinned. “Show me what you’ve really got, Glenn. These attacks won’t-
But before he could finish, Glenn raised his hand and swung it through the air.
Accompanied by a loud explosion, a giant golden sword materialized in the sky. It was about 33 feet long and 10 feet wide, looming overhead like a terrifying mountain.
The battle ring trembled as it came crashing down from the sky, and a destructive force swept through the venue.
The spectators struggled to breathe. It felt like a great weight was pressing on their chests.
“What an incredible force! That sword aura is terrifying!”
They stared in shock as the giant sword descended. With just a flick of Glenn’s wrist, he unleashed a force that was nothing short of terrifying.
“Hmm?”
Emeret felt a shiver run down his spine as he stood in the battle ring. The smile vanished from his face and was replaced by a serious look.
The giant sword above him descended slowly, but it had already locked onto him, and escape was impossible. No matter how he dodged, that strike was destined for his head.
He had only one option, which was to confront it head-on and disrupt its momentum before it landed.
“Phoenix Summoning!” Emeret gritted his teeth and unleashed his ultimate move without hesitation.
He whirled around and created a powerful gust of wind that howled as it swirled around him. In an instant, a translucent phoenix phantom appeared in the air.
###Chapter 2380
The phoenix phantom blazed in brilliant red, which radiated like the sun. Its wings appeared almost lifelike and glowed with an otherworldly light.
Then, it emitted a piercing cry as it confronted the descending golden giant sword. With a fierce flap of its wings, it shot upward and collided head -on with the sword.
Under the watchful eyes of the spectators, the red light met the golden light in a spectacular clash.
With a loud boom, the ground trembled, and the battle ring quaked beneath them. When the lights collided, an explosive wave of energy surged outward like a tidal wave and crashed against the protective barrier encircling the ring.
The barrier’s blue light flared as it trembled violently and sent out ripples in every direction. It looked like it might shatter at any moment.
Upon seeing that, Oron quickly rushed toward the formation’s core. He immediately channeled his energy to stabilize the protective barrier. He knew it wouldn’t last long if Glenn and Emeret continued to fight like that.
“What terrifying power! Is this what top -tier experts are capable of? Incredible!
“I knew Glenn was strong, but who would have guessed this unknown Emeret could display such ferocity? It’s shocking!”
“That’s for sure. Every Sword Union disciple is in a league of their own.”
The intense clash in the battle ring sparked a wave of chatter among the spectators.
Whether it was Glenn’s giant golden sword or Emeret’s phoenix phantom, both had reached a level that left the crowd in awe. Without the barrier formation’s protection, the spectators knew they would be overwhelmed by the shockwaves.
When the dust settled, the scene on the ring had changed.
Glenn stood firm with a cold expression. His clothes were still pristine despite the chaos around him. In contrast, Emeret looked strained, sweat beading on his temple, and the hand gripping his sword shook uncontrollably.
Beneath him, a shallow crater about ten feet wide had formed. Cracks spread outward like spiderwebs which reached six feet past the edge.
Emeret’s breathing grew heavy as he struggled against the rebound force pulsing through his arm. His Phoenix Summoning had shattered Glenn’s descending sword, but he didn’t gain any advantage.
In fact, he sensed he was losing ground. The power behind that sword surpassed anything he had expected. At the moment of impact, it felt like he was trying to stop a mountain with his body.
What unsettled him even more was that this was merely a casual strike from Glenn, who hadn’t even tapped into his full strength.
Emeret had to admit that Glenn was far stronger than he had anticipated. This wasn’t just a matter of swordsmanship skill but a difference in level and raw power.
“Do you still want to fight?” Glenn asked coldly.
That last strike had been a warning. Anyone smart enough would recognize the difference in their strength.
“Giving up isn’t in my nature. Besides, my sword wouldn’t allow it.” Emeret glanced at his silver blade, then back at Glenn. “I know I’m not your equal, but I’ve got to give it my everything. At the very least, I want to see you draw your sword.”
He was right. Throughout the encounter, Glenn hadn’t even unsheathed his sword. Instead, he used only his hands to attack.
Emeret knew Glenn didn’t see him as a worthy opponent. Otherwise, Glenn wouldn’t have taken him so lightly.
Emeret didn’t care about defeating Glenn. His goal was to force Glenn to use his raw strength. He wasn’t afraid of losing. Instead, he needed to know where he fell short and understand the extent of their difference in strength.
“If I draw my sword, you’ll probably die,” Glenn said flatly.
“What is life without meaning and death without fear? I’ve devoted my life to mastering the sword. Even if I die here, I have no regrets. Go ahead and draw your sword.”
Emeret slowly raised his silver sword. The tip pointed straight at Glenn, which conveyed a subtle challenge in his stance.
“Fine. I’ll grant your wish!” Without unnecessary movement, Glenn lightly tapped his sword case.
A golden sword shot into the air with a sharp hiss like a dragon breaking free. He raised his fingers and brought them down sharply.
The sword spun midair before diving toward Emeret like a falling star, moving with blistering speed. The blinding light resembled a scorching sun, making it impossible for anyone to look directly at it..
Before the sword struck, the air crackled with thunder, and the entire battle ring trembled.
Emeret felt as if a mountain were pressing down on his shoulders. The immense pressure made it difficult for him to breathe, while his limbs began to shake uncontrollably.
At that instant, he truly grasped Glenn’s terrifying strength and his near – invincible sword momentum, which left no room for resistance. 1
It was as if this strike could bring about the end of the world. The power was incomprehensible, and it was giving pure terror.
###Chapter 2381
“Phoenix Soaring!”
Under immense pressure, Emeret used every ounce of his strength. His internal energy surged like a tidal wave, and he channeled it into his silver sword. It flared with a sharp glow that was nearly blinding.
Then, he leaped into the air. He merged with his sword and transformed into a massive Sacred Phoenix. With a mighty cry, the phoenix flew toward the golden sword descending from above.
The silver phoenix, gleaming from head to tail, flapped its wings and unleashed a wind storm. Its power was overwhelming, and it seemed like it could break through the clouds and soar into the sky. After a brief pause in midair, it turned toward the golden sword.
Another loud boom resounded as the earth trembled and energy surged in every direction. The entire battle ring rumbled while the protective barrier rippled like waves. It shook violently as
if it were on the verge of collapse. At the center of the explosion, the golden sword collided with the Phoenix’s beak. The sword pressed down with a crushing force and relentlessly drove the Sacred Phoenix
toward the ground.
With another thunderous crash, the phoenix buckled under the weight and slammed into the battle ring. Dust and debris filled the air, and the ground shook violently as huge cracks splintered across the ring like jagged scars.
When the dust settled, the scene in the battle ring left everyone speechless. The battle ring, spanning about 100
yards, was now filled with cracks that resembled a giant spider web from above.
In the center lay a gaping pit roughly 30 feet wide. Emeret was half-kneeling in that pit as he gasped for breath.
His clothes were torn, his hair disheveled, and his face was covered with dust, with blood dripping from his hands. His overall appearance made him look particularly disheveled.
The once-glimmering silver sword was now broken in half and had lost its brilliance. He used the broken sword to prop himself up and struggled to stay upright.
But after a few ragged breaths, Emeret couldn’t hold back anymore. He coughed up a mouthful of blood, his face as pale as paper and his strength completely drained.
In contrast, Glenn’s expression remained icy and detached. He hadn’t moved an inch since the match began.
Emeret had lost, and it was a devastating defeat. When Glenn drew his sword, he finally grasped the true extent of the gap between them.
There were no flashy moves or elaborate techniques. Instead, it was just a downward strike that nearly cost him his life. Emeret would already be dead if it hadn’t been for the surge of power that allowed him to unleash Phoenix Soaring, which absorbed most of the strike’s force.
Before stepping into the ring, he was confident and believed his advanced sword skills would allow him to stand toe-to-toe with Glenn.
Now, he realized that against absolute power, any technique was meaningless. If he couldn’t even block one strike
from Glenn, what right did he have to challenge him?
“Oh my gosh! Is this really the strength of the number one on the Legendary List? It’s so terrifying!”
“They’re both disciples of the Sword Union, and Emeret joined the guild a. few years before Glenn. Yet, he couldn’t even withstand a single strike from Glenn’s sword. It’s unbelievable!”
“Based on what I’m seeing, there’s no doubt that Glenn is going to take the champion title in this Combat Tournament!”
As the spectators gazed at the imposing figure of Glenn in the battle ring, they couldn’t help but whisper among themselves.
Emeret wasn’t weak. He had fought his way through every match to reach the top eight. This proved he was among
the best of his generation.
Yet, someone of his caliber couldn’t block a single strike from Glenn. This stark reality showcased Glenn’s incredible strength. The gap in power between them was staggering. No one in the entire venue had exhibited such overwhelming dominance as Glenn.
“What kind of monster is that guy? He defeated his senior with a single strike. He is so ruthless!” Aurora frowned as conflicting emotions swirled within her.
She had always believed that Fenley would easily win the tournament after his breakthrough. However, Glenn’s performance had shaken her confidence.
“He truly deserves the top spot on the Legendary List. He’s beyond extraordinary.” Alicia felt a wave of unease. Her understanding of Glenn
had been based on rumors, and she hadn’t gained a deep knowledge of his abilities.
His opponents weren’t that strong in previous matches, and even when he won, he hadn’t displayed much destructive power. But that last strike made her realize how deserving he was of the number one spot on the Legendary List.
“He’s definitely a tough opponent.” Fenley narrowed his eyes, and his expression turned serious.
Before his breakthrough, he believed he was slightly weaker than Glenn. After the breakthrough, he had been confident that he could defeat him. But now, uncertainty gnawed at him.
It wasn’t just the power of that one strike but also how effortlessly Glenn had won that match. Fenley couldn’t even tell if Glenn had used his full strength. That uncertainty was the most terrifying part.
###Chapter 2382
“I lost.” Emeret lowered his head and struggled to utter those words.
Though reluctant, he had to admit the gap between him and Glenn was too wide to ignore. Continuing the fight wouldn’t just mean defeat, but he might end up losing his life for nothing.
“You did well to withstand my strikes and still be standing,” Glenn remarked coldly before leaving the battle ring.
Emeret’s skills were decent, but they barely piqued his interest.
“Congratulations to contestant number two, Glenn Hadley, for his victory.”
Oron quickly announced the results.
In an instant, the spectators erupted into thunderous applause. Though the match was brief, the explosive clash had captivated everyone, especially Glenn’s overwhelming strength, which left a lasting impression in their minds.
If he didn’t draw his sword, things would have been fine. But the impact was nothing short of earth-shattering and unmatched once he drew it.
“What a pity.” Alloy shook his head in mock disappointment from the main spectator seat.
It would have been ideal if Glenn’s strike had killed Emeret earlier. The Sword Union would lose a genius, which could spark internal conflicts. That was precisely the chaos the Celestial Alliance would love to see.
“Mr. Marshall, my disciple isn’t dead. But you seem rather disappointed.” Cyrus looked at him coldly.
“Mr. Hadley, you seem to misunderstand. I was just reminded of something sad,” Alloy replied with a smile that didn’t reach his eyes.
“Really?” Cyrus sneered. “Well, I think you might feel even more sorrow soon.”
“Oh? What do you mean?” Alloy raised an eyebrow.
“Soon, you’ll know the pain of losing a disciple.” A cold gleam shone in Cyrus’s eyes.
“Let’s not count our losses or victories too soon, Mr. Hadley.” Alloy sneered.
“Let’s see how this plays out,” Cyrus smirked.
He had unwavering confidence in Glenn. If Fenley faced Glenn, he might not be killed immediately, but he could very well end up crippled. It would dampen the spirit of the Celestial Alliance if that happened.
After the second match ended, it was time for a break. However, there wouldn’t be any intermission performances this time because the
battle ring was badly damaged.
In the center was a deep pit, surrounded by massive cracks that spread like a spider web. From a distance, it seemed almost impossible to find an intact spot, which was quite frightening.
Even though the arena was made of specially reinforced materials and could be repaired, it still required time. About an hour later, the repairs were complete. Once the materials fused and solidified, the ring looked brand new without signs of the previous destruction.
Though this was the first time Sacred Wrym Summit hosted the Combat Tournament, it was clear they had made thorough preparations.
“Sorry to keep everyone waiting.” After a brief pause, Oron stepped onto the battle ring.
He continued, “Next up is the third match. I’m sure everyone has been looking forward to this. Please welcome contestant number three, Abigail Robinson, and contestant number six, Zane Soren, to the ring.” 1
As soon as he finished speaking, the spectators erupted into enthusiastic applause.
Abigail needed no introduction. As the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order, she ranked second on the Legendary List. She had already demonstrated her formidable strength in her previous match against George.
As the only woman to reach the top eight, she was even more popular than Dalen. Besides the Legendary List, she also made her mark on the Beauty Ranking with her stunning looks. Though she ranked slightly below Alicia, she was still an exceptional
beauty.
With her impressive strength and stunning looks, it wasn’t surprising that men were captivated by her. Even many of the female spectators had become her ardent fans.
In contrast, Zane from the Embraco Order had a solid reputation. He came from a prestigious guild and had performed well in previous matches. However, he paled in comparison to Abigail’s strength and popularity.
As they stepped onto the battle ring, there was no idle chatter. After exchanging a brief salute, the fight began immediately.
Abigail was a master of voodoo skills, and her strength was just as formidable. On the contrary, Zane excelled in spells and enhanced his techniques with impressive sword skills.
If it were purely a battle of spells, the Embraco Order might have an edge over the Mystic Arts Order. However, such advantages only applied when both sides were evenly matched in strength.
The gap between Abigail and Zane was anything but minor. One was an ultimate grandmaster, while the other was merely a grandmaster. Such a disparity in levels couldn’t be bridged by spells alone.
Even without using spells, her cultivation was sufficient to overpower him effortlessly. As a result, there was no suspense in this match.
Zane gave it his all but still couldn’t land a blow on Abigail. When she began her counterattack, it took her only three moves to defeat him. This outcome didn’t come as a surprise.
Taking on a top elite from the Legendary List posed a tremendous challenge for an ordinary expert. This was especially true when facing someone like Abigail, who ranked third on the list.
From the moment the two were chosen to face each other, it was clear this match held no suspense.
After the third match concluded, it was time for the fourth and final match in the quarterfinals. The matchups didn’t need to be announced. Everyone knew who was set to face off because only Dustin and Caleb had yet to fight.
###Chapter 2383
“For the fourth match, let’s welcome contestant number four, Caleb Foyer, and contestant number five, Dustin Rhys.”
As Oron’s voice boomed, the crowd erupted into thunderous applause.
Under everyone’s watchful eyes, Dustin and Caleb stepped onto the battle ring. This last quarterfinal match was shrouded in suspense. Both contestants had emerged as underdogs in the tournament.
Caleb had gained instant fame after defeating Sam, who ranked ninth on the Legendary List. In contrast, Dustin took down two powerful foreign contestants in succession, which showcased his remarkable strength. Hence, everyone eagerly anticipated their showdown.
“Who do you think will win this match?
“It should be Caleb, right? He’s a chosen apprentice of Sacred Wrym Summit. After all, he has mastered the Glow Incantation, Stormcraft, and Divine Talismans. Even Sam, with the sacred weapon of the Dawson Clan, couldn’t defeat him. That shows just how powerful Caleb is.”
“Not so fast! I think Dustin is someone to watch out for. He’s like a hidden gem and knows a bit of everything. I still can’t tell what he’s capable of.”
“Well, it won’t take long to find out who’s who when the match begins.”
As they watched Caleb and Dustin take their positions, the spectators were buzzing with conversation.
Some cheered for Caleb, while others rallied behind Dustin. Each group tried
to sway the other and was unwilling to concede their beliefs. With their strong performances earlier, predicting the outcome before they clashed was impossible.
“I’m Caleb Foyer from Sacred Wyrm Summit,” Caleb greeted with a respectful nod.
“I’m Dustin Rhys,” Dustin replied politely.
“You should know the rules, then I won’t say much. If there are no ions, the match begins now.”
After dropping that line, Oron quickly jumped off the battle ring and activated the protective barrier.
Before the quarterfinals, the matches inflicted minimal damage, so the protective barrier was seldom activated. But with the risk of massive destruction in every fight now, the barrier had become essential.
Oron understood he had to remain vigilant in case the barrier began to fail. If that happened, he would have to intervene to stabilize it, which was a demanding job.
“When I first saw you a few days ago, I knew you were special. But I never expected we would actually meet on the battle ring,” Caleb said with a smile.
Sacred Wyrm Summit had been tasked with capturing an assassin, but Dustin had beaten him to it. Caleb had also expressed his anticipation for a showdown in the battle ring, and it turned out his words had come true.
“Well, I suppose you could say fate brought us together again,” Dustin replied with a smile.
“Whatever it is, we need to determine a winner today. Please go ahead,” Caleb said and gestured with one hand.
“Then, I won’t hold back.”
As soon as the words left his mouth, Dustin sprang into action. With a quick flick of his hand, three silver needles shot out. Two were aimed at Caleb’s eyes, while the third went straight for his throat.
A low hum filled the air as a golden light erupted around Caleb’s body.
The three silver needles hit the golden light and bounced away. They created only a few ripples without causing any damage. The Glow Incantation from Sacred Wrym Summit was not something ordinary hidden weapons could break.
Of course, Dustin hadn’t expected to land a killing blow. While shooting the three needles, he closed the distance to Caleb. His fist, charged with internal energy, came crashing down.
Caleb didn’t dodge or use his Divine Talisman. Instead, he threw a punch to meet Dustin’s. The two fists collided and unleashed a powerful shockwave.
The ground beneath Dustin’s feet cracked, but he didn’t budge an inch. On the contrary, Caleb retreated several steps, and the golden light flickered around him.
“Hmm?” Caleb frowned in surprise.
With the Glow Incantation enhancing his body, he should have had the upper hand in raw power. However, Dustin’s overwhelming strength left him struggling in their initial exchange.
Before Caleb could react, Dustin launched another assault. He closed in like a shadow, and his fists came down like a torrential downpour as he unleashed a rapid-fire barrage of strikes. His speed was so fast that the
spectators could only catch glimpses of his afterimages.
Caleb defended himself while retreating. Even with the Glow Incantation, his arms were numb from the relentless assault. He knew he was outmatched in strength. If this continued, he would end up at a disadvantage.
“Stormcraft!”
Realizing he couldn’t hold out much longer, Caleb decided to go all in. His fingers crackled with blue lightning, and he tapped on Dustin’s incoming fist.
A loud crack echoed through the arena as arcs of lightning flashed.
Dustin jolted as electricity coursed through him, forcing him to retreat several steps. His relentless assault came to an abrupt halt.
“Interesting.” He glanced at the flickering lightning still crackling around his fist and raised an eyebrow in surprise.
It was his first time feeling the direct impact of mysterious Stormcraft. He finally understood why Sacred Wyrm Summit dominated the martial world.
Stormcraft was a technique that could altogether bypass defenses. It inflicted damage not just on the body but also on the soul. No one could rely on brute strength to withstand its effects.
If mastered to its fullest, it could make a person unstoppable. Combined with the Glow Incantation and the Divine Talisman, it formed a lethal arsenal.
“Now it’s my turn.” Seeing Dustin momentarily stunned by the lightning, Caleb seized the opportunity.
Sparks of lightning flickered at his fingertips as he thrust forward. A blue serpent of electricity shot out that aimed straight for Dustin’s chest.
###Chapter 2384
Dustin didn’t flinch as the electric serpent charged toward him. Instead, he channeled his mystical energy into a spear and thrust forward. He was eager to test the strength of Stormcraft.
The true energy spear collided with the Stormcraft and unleashed a loud crack of thunder. Energy rippled outward and dispersed in every direction. Their energies collided with such force that neither gained the upper hand.
Neither Dustin nor Caleb gained the upper hand in this exchange, yet neither backed down. They continued to trade blows in a fierce, close- quarters fight. Each strike resonated like a drumbeat in a relentless battle.
“I can’t believe Dustin is holding his own against Caleb. This is unbelievable.
“Dustin is pretty strong, so it’s not surprising he can fight like this.”
“You don’t get it. Dustin is renowned for his lethal sword techniques. Yet, he’s standing firm against Caleb, who used Glow Incantation and Stormcraft, just with his fists. That speaks volumes about his cultivation.”
“If Caleb wants to win, he’ll have to use a Divine Talisman. But that technique is risky as it could hurt both of them.”
As the spectators watched the two clash in the battle ring, they couldn’t help but murmur among themselves. Everyone knew that neither Dustin nor Caleb had yet to use their killing moves.
Though the fight was intense, neither opponent would claim victory anytime soon unless they used their trump cards or tried to wear each other out.
“The young man named Dustin Rhys is quite impressive, but I’ve never heard of him before.” Kaden narrowed his eyes.
He focused intently on Dustin as he tried to discern the source of his abilities. But Dustin’s techniques were so diverse that he couldn’t identify any distinct lineage or guild teachings.
“The world is big, and extraordinary geniuses are bound to emerge. I’ve looked into him, and his background is shrouded in mystery. Whoever is behind him is no small player,” Alloy remarked meaningfully.
With the intelligence network of the Celestial Alliance at their disposal, digging up dirt on someone should be easy. But after two days of investigation, the information on Dustin was scarce, and many critical details had been deliberately hidden.
This only confirmed that a powerful force was behind him. Given that only a significant force could slip past the Celestial Alliance’s watchful eyes, it was likely that this influence was connected to royalty.
“I wonder which renowned mentor trained him?” Kaden pondered.
“He has used a sword before,” Cyrus suddenly chimed in.
“So what? There are plenty of sword users in this battle ring. What does that prove?” Alloy shot him a sideways glance.
Cyrus’s following words caught everyone off guard. “With just that one strike, I could feel Seth’s presence in his energy.”
Alloy’s eyes widened in surprise. “Seth Hughes? The Sword Whisperer? But… he’s dead, right?”
The fight between Seth and Alaric outside Oakvale was nothing less than legendary. When it was over, the entire Dragon Guard lay in ruins. After they died, there was a major upheaval in the Champ-Tier List.
Even after a year, the aftermath of that fight still looms large. So, when Alloy heard Seth’s name, surprise washed over him.
After all, Seth had single-handedly destroyed the Dragon Guard with a single sword strike. That legendary blow was said to rival the power of terrestrial immortals.
“Seth is dead, but that doesn’t mean there aren’t any successors,” Cyrus said coldly. “I’ve studied swordsmanship for years, and I believe my understanding rivals anyone’s. So, I’m certain Dustin is connected to Seth.
“Are you saying that Dustin could be Seth’s disciple?” Kaden quickly caught on.
“I’m about 90% sure,” Cyrus nodded.
He had faced Seth before and was well- acquainted with his sword energy. But yesterday, he sensed the same energy. from Dustin. Though it wasn’t as powerful as Seth’s, it was still formidable.
“I didn’t realize Seth had accepted such a disciple. At least his swordsmanship didn’t die with him. Otherwise, it would’ve been a real shame if it had.” Alloy sighed.
He didn’t doubt Cyrus’ words. After all, there wasn’t a soul in the world who understood the way of the sword better than him.
“Sage Foyer, please forgive my bluntness. If Dustin uses his sword, your disciple doesn’t stand much chance. The best move right now is to use a Divine talisman to suppress him before he draws his weapon,” Cyrus advised.
If Dustin had mastered Seth’s sword techniques, it would spell trouble for Glenn. Cyrus believed it would be best if Caleb could defeat Dustin.
“The outcome of the match isn’t something we can control. We’ll just have to see how they perform.” Kaden smiled faintly and didn’t seem concerned. While he hoped for Caleb’s victory, he wasn’t overly invested in the outcome. He believed in letting fate take its course.
“What’s wrong, Mr. Hadley? Are you scared?” Alloy teased with a knowing smile. “I see you’re wary because Dustin is Seth’s disciple.”
“What do you mean by that?” Cyrus glared at him.
“I remember you sparred with Seth before, but it didn’t end well for you. It’s natural to feel some trepidation upon meeting his successor,” Alloy said with a knowing smile.
He continued, “Both of you specialize in sword technique. If your disciple were to lose to Seth’s, that would certainly reflect poorly on you. I understand your concern.”
“Hmph! Enough with the sarcasm!” Cyrus snorted. “So what if he is Seth’s disciple? When facing Glenn, the only outcome he’ll see is defeat!”
Then, he changed the subject. “And it’s not just him. Even your disciple, Fenley, won’t stand a chance against Glenn. If you doubt it, let’s just wait and see.”
###Chapter 2385
“Really? Since you’re so confident, I’ll be watching closely,” Alloy replied with a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. The chance to mess with Cyrus was too good to pass up.
When Cyrus had sparred with Seth, he had been defeated by just one move. Since that day, he had lived in Seth’s shadow.
In other words, Seth had become the inner demon that Cyrus could never shake off-a haunting reminder of his limits.
As the tension brewed between Alloy and Cyrus in the stands, the situation in the battle ring had changed.
Caleb was engaged in an extended battle, and the strain on his internal energy had reached a critical point. He needed to maintain his Glow Incantation while using Stormcraft for his attacks. This combination led to a
rapid depletion of his energy.
In contrast, Dustin focused primarily on close-range combat. He relied on his agility and brute strength to unleash punches and kicks while creating openings. Additionally, he only used his internal energy to counter Caleb’s Stormcraft.
If Caleb didn’t change his approach soon, he knew defeat was just a heartbeat away.
“This can’t go on. I have to end this now,” he thought.
Aware that his internal energy was running low, he gritted his teeth and resolved to unleash his ultimate move.
“Stormcraft!”
Caleb formed a hand seal with one hand. With a swift thrust, a burst of lightning shot forward and expanded like a massive net to ensnare Dustin.
While unleashing Stormcraft, h? swiftly flicked his other hand. A yellow talisman shot out and hovered above Dustin’s head.
“Summit Shift!”
As Caleb raised his hand and formed a seal, the talisman erupted in a blinding burst of lightning.
An illusion of a massive mountain materialized from thin air, overshadowing everything around it with its sheer presence. Beneath this enormous mountain, Dustin looked as small as an ant.
Caleb executed his two moves with precision. First, he unleashed Stormcraft to create an opening that diverted Dustin’s attention while achieving his tactical goal. Then, he prepared the Summit Shift talisman as a follow-up strike to crush Dustin.
Once that talisman activated, Dustin would feel as if a mountain were bearing down on him. He would be rendered immobile or at risk of being crushed to death. This lethal combination left no room for a counterattack.
A muffled blast echoed as Dustin channeled his true energy to disperse the burst of lightning. However, the illusion of the mountain above descended upon him with crushing force.
He felt his body grow heavy under the immense pressure. The battle ring surface buckled under his feet, and deep cracks spread outward.
If a grandmaster martial artist had been subjected to the weight of that mountain, they would surely be crushed or gravely injured.
“So, this is the legendary Divine Talisman. Its power is terrifying,” Dustin thought. He was astonished by the crushing force pressing on him.
Among the three supreme skills of Sacred Wyrm Summit, the Divine Talisman was the hardest to master and the most formidable in power.
There were many types of Divine Talismans, and the Summit Shift talisman was just one of them. So, it wasn’t a surprise that Sacred Wyrm Summit could uphold its reputation as a leader in the martial world for so many years.
“Got him!”
Seeing Dustin immobilized, Caleb’s face lit up with relief. Dustin had been a real challenge, and without the Divine Talisman, Caleb wouldn’t have been able to suppress him.
“That’s an impressive use of the Summit Shift talisman. It definitely lives up to the hype.”
“Dustin forced Caleb to unleash his signature technique from Sacred Wyrm Summit. He may have lost, but he’s definitely earned my respect.”
“You bet! This match was intense. Caleb might not have won if it weren’t for the Divine Talisman determining the outcome.”
With the outcome seemingly decided, the spectators erupted into lively chatter.
Caleb’s supporters were especially thrilled as they shouted their praises with enthusiasm. After all, they had wagered on him, and a victory would mean a substantial payout for them.
“Sage Foyer, your disciple is quite smart. He understands the importance of a swift resolution. If Dustin draws his sword, who knows how this will end?” Alloy said as he sipped his tea.
He had watched Dustin’s previous match against Jeremiah closely and witnessed the terrifying power of that one sword strike. It was not something an ordinary grandmaster martial artist could withstand.
“Don’t celebrate too soon. The fight isn’t over yet. Seth’s disciple doesn’t go down that easily,” Cyrus said coldly.
“What? Do you think he can still turn things around with the Summit Shift talisman holding him down?” Alloy scoffed. “He won’t stand a chance unless he is at the ultimate grandmaster level.”
He knew that breaking through to the ultimate grandmaster level required more than mere talent and that it also needed a lot of resources. Even Fenley had only reached this breakthrough the previous day with the help of Advancil.
Seth had been a solitary figure. Now
that he had passed away, Alloy doubted that he could have ever gathered the resources to train his disciple to reach the ultimate grandmaster level.
“You’ll know if you keep watching.” Cyrus didn’t say much, and his eyes locked onto the battle ring. He understood that being suppressed by the Summit Shift talisman didn’t ensure Dustin’s defeat.
“It’s time to end this!” On the battle ring, Caleb finally allowed himself a breath of relief. He pulled out a blue talisman and threw it forward.
“Soul Bind!”
The talisman transformed into a beam of blue light and shot toward Dustin’s forehead.
This Soul-Bind talisman could trap the opponent’s soul and put them into an endless slumber as long as it remained intact. Its effect could only be broken if the talisman was torn.
But just as the talisman was about to touch Dustin’s forehead, a black sword suddenly plummeted from above. It moved at a blinding speed and pierced the talisman.
In an explosive flash, the Soul-Bind talisman disintegrated and scattered into a flurry of shimmering blue sparks.
###Chapter 2386
“What?”
As Caleb stared at the disintegrated Soul – Bind talisman, his expression changed dramatically. He hadn’t expected that a sword descending from. the sky would disrupt his plan at such a critical moment.
When did this sword appear? How had he failed to notice it?
Before he could react, the black sword moved again.
With a soft hum, the black sword seemed to have a mind of its own as it turned in midair and struck the Summit Shift talisman at lightning speed. The talisman in the air exploded in a brilliant flash of yellow light and scattered into tiny sparks.
Dustin finally relaxed as the overwhelming pressure lifted. He slowly opened his palm, and the black sword circled him before landing precisely in his hand.
“No wonder they call it a legendary Divine Talisman. I’ve finally experienced its power firsthand today.”. He gripped the sword with one hand and flashed a faint smile, but his expression turned serious.
While the Summit Shift talisman hadn’t fully immobilized him, it had slowed his movements and reactions. As a result, he probably wouldn’t be able to dodge the Soul-Bind talisman.
He had witnessed the power of the Soul -Bind talisman before. Despite his confidence in his abilities, he didn’t dare take unnecessary risks. Hence, he had chosen to draw his sword. This decision marked his commitment to the fight.
“Yet, you still managed to counter it.” Caleb shook his head. He set aside his usual nonchalance, and his expression grew somber.
Although Dustin wasn’t exuding any intense energy at that moment, Caleb felt an overwhelming sense of danger. The pressure weighing down on him was unlike anything he had ever encountered.
He was calm and unshaken when he faced Sam and the Dawson Clan’s thousand-talon coffer. But now, he felt an unexpected tension creeping in. It was like he wasn’t facing a man but some prehistoric beast.
“I remember you have another ultimate move-the Eight Trigrams of the Divine Talisman, right?” Dustin raised his sword slowly. “Better use it now while you have the chance.”
There was a stark difference between fighting with a sword and without one.
He knew he couldn’t counter the Glow Incantation with just punches and kicks in such a short time. But the Celestial Blade, one of the top-ten deadly weapons on the Divine Weapon List, had a natural advantage over this internal energy protective shield.
“In that case, I won’t hold back.” Caleb wasted no time and unleashed his ultimate move. He knew that Dustin was much stronger than Sam.
If he had allowed Dustin to strike first, he wouldn’t have had time to use the Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman and any hope of turning the tables would have been lost. With Dustin granting him this opportunity, he couldn’t afford to pass it up.
“Heaven, Earth, Gale, Thunderstorm, Abyss, Inferno, Peak, Torrent!” Caleb waved his hands repeatedly.
Eight brightly colored Divine Talismans shot into the air and spun rapidly. Dust and stones flew everywhere as the wind instantly picked up. A terrifying energy surged through the air and crackled with unrestrained force.
“Damn! It’s the Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman again. Caleb is serious this time.”
“Caleb previously defeated Sam, who ranked ninth on the Legendary List, using this move. Now that he’s using it again, Dustin is in danger.”
“If this move takes him down, he’ll have no regrets.”
The spectators pointed and whispered as they watched the eight talismans floating and spinning in the sky.
They had already witnessed the power of the Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman. Even Sam, who possessed the Dawson Clan’s sacred weapon, couldn’t withstand its might. So, what chance did the newly rising star, Dustin, have?
Caleb and Dustin had previously been evenly matched on the battle ring. However, once Caleb used the Divine Talisman, the tide of battle began to turn decisively in his favor.
Now, when he unleashed the Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman, the match’s outcome was no longer in doubt.
“Sage Foyer, Mr. Marshall, Mr. Hadley, which do you think is more powerful- the Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman
or Dustin’s sword?” Penelope, who had been silent up until now, spoke suddenly. Her voice was low and grating.
“The sword would certainly be superior in a surprise attack.” Alloy narrowed his eyes and analyzed, “But unfortunately, Dustin has grown too arrogant and allowed Caleb to use his ultimate move. This negates any advantage his speed might have had.”
“That’s not arrogance but confidence,” Cyrus replied calmly. “Facing the Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman with composure shows he has immense faith in his sword. It is a quality every great swordsman needs.”
“A true swordsman kills with one strike, right? Giving an opponent time to use their ultimate move is arrogance, “Alloy countered dismissively.
“You don’t understand what it means to be a swordsman. Plus, you’re clueless about the honor and pride that comes with it.” Cyrus glanced at him disdainfully. “With your attitude, you’ll probably hit a wall and never rise above this level.”
“Ha! I guess I just don’t get what it means to be a swordsman since I’m not as good at playing the part as you are.” Alloy smiled sarcastically.
The ideas of honor and pride seemed ridiculous to him. In the battle ring, victory was claimed by the one that was still standing. Any method was fair play as long as one could defeat their opponent. But giving the opponent a chance to turn the tide was foolish.
“It’s starting!”
Just as Cyrus and Alloy were bickering, the situation on the battle ring changed again.
Caleb’s Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman had finally gathered its full power, and its force surged with an even greater intensity than before.
###Chapter 2387
As the Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman took shape, a massive trigram formation suddenly appeared at the center of the battle ring. It spanned across the ring, whirling and transforming with relentless speed.
At that moment, Dustin was standing. inside the enchantment circle. He suddenly felt overwhelmed by tremendous pressure.
Unlike the crushing force from the Summit Shift talisman that affected his body, this pressure came from his mind. He felt as if he were confined in a cage and unable to escape, regardless of how hard he struggled.
Unlike the explosion Caleb had used against Sam, the Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman now showcased its true power.
“You shouldn’t have given me time to prepare. Your arrogance is your downfall.” Caleb let out a sigh of relief upon seeing the enchantment circle in place.
The Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman was powerful but required several seconds to cast-a timeframe that could be deadly against a skilled opponent.
During his fight with Sam yesterday, Caleb was forced to rely on an explosion due to dire circumstances. Hence, he only managed to unleash a fraction of the Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman’s power.
With the completion of the enchantment circle, he could finally utilize the full power of the talisman.
“Are you ready? Then, I’ll make my move.” Dustin slowly raised his sword, and the tip pointed straight at Caleb.
Caleb’s eyelids twitched, and an unexpected surge of anxiety swept over him. Without hesitation, he formed a hand seal with both hands. “Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman! Seal!”
With a thunderous roar, the massive trigram formation spun violently beneath his feet. Beams of golden light burst forth like chains and coiled around Dustin. In the blink of an eye, he was fully bound by the golden chains.
“Restrain!” Caleb formed a hand seal again. The trigram formation on the battle ring stopped before spinning in reverse.
Suddenly, eight golden characters Heaven, Earth, Gale, Thunderstorm, Abyss, Inferno, Peak, and Torrent- hovered above and rotated at blinding speed. Then, a towering golden mountain materialized in midair and
descended toward Dustin’s head.
The battle ring trembled as the air crackled with a thunderous explosion, and an oppressive force enveloped the venue. Even with a protective shield, the spectators seated a hundred yards away still felt the chilling weight of power pressing down on them.
“So, this is the fully powered Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman. It’s utterly terrifying!”
“I thought it was just an explosive move, but I never expected it to have so many variations. No wonder it’s the Sacred Wyrm Summit’s ultimate move.
“I admit Dustin is strong, but Caleb still overpowered him.”
They initially thought the Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman was merely a formidable offensive move.
But now they realized it was a devastating technique combining an enchantment circle with a Divine Talisman.
This ultimate move incorporated the strengths of the enchantment circle and the talisman’s deadly power. Together, these elements amplified the strike tenfold.
Such a level of assault exceeded a grandmaster’s capabilities and reached the ultimate grandmaster’s destructive force. Even someone as powerful as Glenn would need to approach it with caution.
“Mr. Hadley, what do you think? You were so confident in Dustin earlier, so what about now?” Alloy asked, smirking.
Even he could sense the overwhelming power emanating from the Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman,
underscoring the lethal nature of that move.
“What’s the rush? The fight isn’t over yet. We still don’t know who will win in the end,” Cyrus replied coldly.
Alloy scoffed. “You really won’t quit until you’ve hit the wall. Even when the. outcome is clear, you still cling to your pride. Fine. Let’s see how this unfolds.”
Caleb formed a series of hand seals while guiding the towering golden mountain as it descended toward Dustin on the battle ring.
Trapped in the center of the enchantment circle and bound by golden chains, Dustin had no way to escape.
“Surrender now! Otherwise, you’ll be crushed to death!” Caleb shouted. He had no desire to kill Dustin, so he reduced the speed of the descending
mountain and hoped to give him one final chance to concede.
“You want me to surrender? You should check yourself!” Dustin smiled faintly as his mystical pure energy surged within him. With a crackling sound, the golden chains that bound him exploded one after another.
With a determined step, he disregarded the enchantment circle’s restraints and charged straight at the towering golden mountain looming above with his sword.
With each strike, Dustin’s Celestial Blade sliced through the mountain effortlessly. The massive structure shattered on impact and sent debris flying in all directions.
Even the trigram formation that served as the foundation of the enchantment circle disintegrated into dust.
“How is that possible?”
The spectators were stunned by the scene before them.
Caleb stood rooted in shock.
Under the restraint of the enchantment circle, Dustin had shattered the Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman with a single strike. What kind of monster was this guy?
Even Alloy, who had been watching with a smirk, sat up straight. His face was frozen in disbelief.
“I’m about to unleash a powerful move. Let’s see if you can handle it.” After breaking through the trigram formation, Dustin suddenly turned around midair and descended from above with his sword aimed at Caleb.
The air crackled, and the ground began to tremble. A giant black sword aura materialized in thin air and dropped like a mountain.
Caleb stared at the giant black sword that plummeted toward him. He was rooted to the spot as his mind went blank.
He wanted to counterattack, but an overwhelming sense of helplessness engulfed him as though nothing he could do would stop this cataclysmic blow.
After seeing Dustin effortlessly countered his Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman, Caleb already knew he had lost.
“Stop! Sacred Wrym Summit surrender!
Seeing Caleb paralyzed with shock, Oron couldn’t hold back and shouted. He leaped into the air and struck Dustin’s sword with his palm to stop the impending disaster.
He had attained a level where he could manifest the Glow Incantation in physical form, which empowered his palm strike. His mastery of this technique surpassed Caleb’s.
The collision of sword and palm produced a thunderous explosion. A terrifying wave of energy erupted like a tsunami, and Oron was knocked back over ten yards. The golden light surrounding him flickered intensely, and cracks began to form across its surface.
When he landed, he staggered several steps before regaining his footing. His internal energy churned violently, and his arm was numb from the impact.
In contrast, Dustin descended gently and was unaffected by the impact.
The scene left the crowd in shocked disbelief again.
###Chapter 2388
“Who the heck is this kid?” Oron glanced at his trembling hands and felt a chill run down his spine. He failed to gain the upper hand in the earlier clash with Dustin and suffered an unexpected setback.
He was already an ultimate grandmaster, with a cultivation and mastery of the Glow Incantation that surpassed Caleb’s. By all accounts, subduing a younger opponent should have been a piece of cake.
But that exchange just now had brought him to a stark realization- Dustin had been holding back this whole time and hadn’t used his full strength. Otherwise, Caleb wouldn’t have lasted this long.
The realization unsettled Oron. There were always extraordinary talents out there, but the potential Dustin had displayed was genuinely terrifying. To
put it plainly, he was a beast on the same level as Glenn.
“What happened? Why did the judge step in?”
“Can’t you see? Caleb has already lost. If the judge hadn’t stepped in, that sword would have killed him or left him severely injured.”
“Exactly! It would be a pity to see the most talented disciple of Sacred Wyrm Summit die here.”
“I thought Caleb would win, but Dustin changed the outcome with just one sword strike. It’s terrifying.”
The unexpected turn of events sent the spectators buzzing with chatter.
Whether it was Caleb’s Eight Trigrams of Divine Talisman being countered or Oron intervening to stop the match, everything had unfolded in the blink of an eye. The fight was already over when
the spectators grasped what had just happened.
“Well, Mr. Marshall. What do you have to say now? You looked pretty smug a moment ago.” Cyrus shot Alloy a sidelong glance, and his tone was laced with biting sarcasm.
Alloy’s lips twitched as he struggled to come up with a retort. He never expected that Dustin would still be able to draw his sword even with the full power of the Eight Trigrams Divine Talisman unleashed.
Even more surprising was that Dustin broke through the formation and countered the talisman with a single strike, which decisively determined the match’s outcome. His potential was beyond anything Alloy had envisioned.
It finally dawned on Alloy why Seth had chosen Dustin as his disciple-he was truly remarkable.
“Sorry. I almost lost control just now,” Dustin said, sheating the Celestial Blade.
During his battle with Caleb, he had consistently held back and had no intention of delivering a lethal strike. However, he had to unleash his full strength when it was time to break the formation.
Fortunately, Oron acted decisively and conceded at the right moment. Otherwise, considering Caleb’s earlier state, he might not have been able to withstand Dustin’s strike.
“I thought we were evenly matched, but I didn’t see the difference in our strength until now. I lost, and I accept it without regret.” After coming to his senses, Caleb lowered his head toward Dustin respectfully.
Instead of looking defeated, he appeared energized, and his eyes aflame with determination. Although he claimed to be indifferent to fame and glory, a deep-rooted pride resided within him.
Caleb had always navigated life easily and tackled every challenge- cultivation, self-discipline, or resilience-without breaking a sweat. Plus, he outperformed every disciple of Sacred Wrym Summit.
While others in the guild spent three years making small strides and a decade to master the Glow Incantation, Caleb managed to perfect it in just six months of laid-back practice.
His progress was equivalent to what those so-called gifted disciples would achieve after ten years of hard work.
Since joining the Sacred Wrym Summit, Caleb had never genuinely
committed to his training or worked hard. He approached everything half- heartedly, yet his cultivation and mastery of spells outshined those who had worked tirelessly for years.
Everyone called him a genius, and he never argued against it. However, the rapid pace of his progress had its drawbacks. Without experiencing any pressure, he found himself lacking motivation.
To Caleb, the path of cultivation seemed absurdly simple-just eat, drink, sleep, and breakthroughs would follow. With that mindset, he struggled to find the motivation to commit to anything seriously.
But Dustin’s earlier attack shook him out of his complacency. Caleb understood he wasn’t the only genius in the world and that others were stronger than him.
After the battle, he suddenly found himself with a clear goal and a renewed sense of purpose. The long-dormant fire of passion and ambition reignited within him. From this moment on, he would take his training seriously.
“Congratulations to contestant number five, Dustin Rhys, for winning the match.” After calming himself, Oron finally announced the result.
Although Sacred Wrym Summit had lost the match, Caleb’s performance left a strong impression on everyone. So, it was far from a disgraceful defeat.
What set Caleb apart was that he was the youngest contestant in the tournament.
At only 17, he had already reached the developed grandmaster level, with limitless potential before him. He would surely earn a spot on the
Legendary List and even the Champ- Tier List in just a few years.
Amidst the enthusiastic applause, Dustin slowly stepped down from the battle ring.
With the quarterfinals concluded, the tournament moved on to the semifinals. and finals. The four finalists included Glenn from the Sword Union, Fenley from the Celestial Alliance, Abigail from the Mystic Arts Order, and Dustin.
All four were top figures on the Legendary List, and it was no surprise they had made it this far. However, the real battle was about to begin.
After all, they were ultimate grandmasters. At this level, they had reached the peak of the martial world. Regardless of who emerged victorious, they would soon become a legend and a leader for the next generation.
###Chapter 2389
After the quarterfinals, it was time for a break. With noon approaching, contestants and spectators needed food and water to recharge.
An hour later, the venue was buzzing. with excitement again as Oron stepped onto the battle ring. He was accompanied by a Sacred Wrym Summit disciple, who carried a black box filled with numbered balls.
“It’s almost time. I’d like to invite the top four contestants to the ring to draw lots,” Oron announced as he surveyed the crowd.
Amidst a wave of enthusiastic applause, four figures ascended the battle ring one after another. First in line was Glenn, with Fenley right behind him, followed by Abigail and Dustin.
“Sir, we’re in the semifinals. Good luck! “Abigail winked playfully at Dustin as she stepped into the ring.
“You too,” he replied with a smile.
Given Abigail’s strength, her odds against Glenn were slim. However, if she faced Fenley, she would have a solid chance at victory.
After all, Fenley had only just broken through to the ultimate grandmaster level. In contrast, Abigail had been at that level for nearly a year.
With her Phoenix bloodline fully awakened, her abilities were at their peak. If she were given a few more years to develop, the possibilities for her future would be limitless.
“Glenn, I hope we’re paired together for a decisive showdown.” Fenley’s gaze was sharp and filled with fighting spirit.
Abigail and Dustin were insignificant in his eyes. Instead, Fenley regarded Glenn as his sole rival. If he could defeat Glenn, the championship title would be within his reach.
“You’d best abandon that thought, or you’ll face a crushing defeat,” Glenn replied impassively. To him, Fenley wasn’t a worthy opponent.
At that instant, Dustin sparked his curiosity. He had learned that Dustin was Seth’s disciple. 1
Glenn was also aware of the tension between Seth and the Sword Union. A year ago, he had gone out of his way to challenge Seth, but the outcome had been disappointing.
Now that he finally met Seth’s disciple, Glenn felt a surge of competitive fire and an urge to test his skills against Dustin. After all, Dustin’s recent performances had been impressive. It
was something Glenn couldn’t afford to overlook.
“Hmph! I know you’re strong, but defeating me won’t be easy,” Fenley spat coldly. With his ultimate grandmaster skills and the unpredictable Four Elements of God’s Technique, he was ready to face any opponent.
He thought, “So what if you topped the Legendary List? Today is the day for a new champion.”
“You’ll see the difference between us soon enough.” Glenn’s words were clipped and cold. He preferred action over idle chatter. To him, strength would be decided on the battle ring, not through empty words.
“Semifinalists, please draw your lots,” Oron announced loudly.
The match-up rules remained the same -the first number against the last.
“I’ll go first!” Fenley stepped forward and reached into the black box to pull out a numbered ball.
Unlike before, he didn’t hide it this time. Instead, he raised the ball above. his head for everyone to see. He had drawn the number four. After drawing his number, he stepped aside.
Abigail looked around and noticed that neither Dustin nor Glenn stepped forward. So, she walked forward and pulled a ball from the box.
“I got number three.” She raised the number ball without hesitation.
Fenley suddenly remarked, “Good thing you’re not up against me. At least now you have a chance at the finals.”
According to the matchup rules, contestant number one would fight contestant number four, while contestant number two would face contestant number three.
“Look who’s talking. You’re the weakest here, yet you’ve got the loudest mouth. Do you even know what ‘reality check’ means?” she shot back sharply.
Dustin and Glenn stood at the top of the Legendary List, while she was ranked second. On the contrary, Fenley ranked fifth.
He was the weakest of the four, yet he dared to be so arrogant. It was shocking how utterly oblivious he was to his own shortcomings.
“Hmph! Short-sighted fool!” Fenley glared at Abigail. Before his breakthrough, he might have felt uncertain about his abilities. But now, with his newfound strength, he was brimming with confidence.
After Abigail finished her turn, Dustin stepped forward to draw from the box. When he saw the number on it, he sighed helplessly.
He had drawn the number two, which meant he would face her in the ring. They were essentially in a mentor-and- student relationship-getting matched against her was far from what Dustin had hoped for.
Dustin had drawn the number two, which left Glenn with the number one. Glenn showed his number, and the spectators buzzed with anticipation.
Contestant number one would take on contestant number four. This meant the opening match in the ring would be Glenn against Fenley.
Both were the favorites to win the tournament. With the first match set to decide the victor, the excitement in the crowd was electric.
“Glenn! Finally, we can face off and determine who’s the best.” Fenley grinned, and he felt a rush of adrenaline surge through him. Even before the fight began, he was already fired up.
Glenn remained stone-faced. “You’re unlucky for having to face me,” he said.
“Really? I’d say it’s lucky. Once I defeat you, I’ll claim the top spot on the Legendary List.” Fenley was filled with fighting spirit.
“Dream on,” Glenn replied coldly.
“Words are useless. Let’s settle this in the ring.” Fenley’s eyes burned with determination.
Seeing the tension between the two, Dustin and Abigail quickly stepped off the battle ring to make room for them.
Now that the opponents had been decided, there was no need for theatrics -only action was awaited.
“Are both contestants ready?” Oron looked at them.
Once they both nodded, he raised his hand and announced, “Semifinal match one-Glenn Hadley versus Fenley Hudson. Let the fight begin!”
###Chapter 2390
When the spectators heard the match was about to begin, the excitement reached a fever pitch. Half of them cheered for Fenley while the other half chanted Glenn’s name.
Both were the Chosen Ones, and their popularity was undeniable. Everyone had been waiting for their face-off in the battle ring.
Though Fenley ranked slightly below Glenn on the Legendary List, his fame and influence as the successor to the Celestial Alliance’s guildmaster outshined Glenn’s. Ultimately, the question of who was stronger could only be answered in the ring.
“I’ve been waiting for this day, Glenn.” Fenley stared at him intently. His voice was powerful and commanding.
He continued, “Others say I’m not your equal, but I refuse to believe it. Today, we’ll find out whether your sword is faster or if my Four Elements of God’s Technique is superior.”
“The moment you said that, you’ve already lost. Your doubt shows you lack the confidence to defeat me,” Glenn replied calmly. If this were a fight-to- the-death match, his opponent would already be dead.
“Hmph! Enough with the nonsense! Today, you’ll witness the true power of my Four Elements of God’s Technique.”
With a shudder, Fenley’s internal energy burst forth. Behind him, a massive ethereal divine spirit materialized that radiated an intimidating presence.
Unlike before, he was going all out without the slightest restraint. At that instant, he stood like a force of nature
-commanding and unstoppable.
“Bring it on,” Glenn said impassively and pointed his sword finger skyward.
The sword case on his back trembled, and a silver sword shot up like a shooting star piercing the night sky.
“Attack!”
Without hesitation, Glenn raised his sword finger. The sword in the sky instantly shot forward and transformed into a blinding streak of silver light aimed straight at Fenley.
The sword sliced through the air like a lightning bolt and had a terrifying power. Wherever the tip passed, the air warped, and a thunderous roar followed.
“Fury of Wind God!” Seeing the imminent danger, Fenley didn’t dare to hold back and unleashed his signature move.
He raised both hands and struck at the incoming silver light. The ethereal divine spirit behind him mirrored his every movement.
With a roar, the wind whipped into a frenzy, and the ground beneath them trembled. A torrent of wind blades poured down like a relentless rain. They filled the air like an unending storm of slicing fury.
The wind blades crashed against the silver sword, and each impact echoed like thunder. But strangely, the silver sword showed no signs of giving way as it continued its relentless dive. With unstoppable force, it shattered every wind blade in its path.
“Huh?” Fenley’s pupils constricted in alarm. He knew Glenn’s sword was formidable, but he hadn’t expected it to strike with such ferocity.
The wind blades he conjured from his internal energy were ineffective against the relentless onslaught, like moths drawn to a flame.
Just as the silver sword descended upon him, Fenley shouted and raised his hands before slapping them together.
The ethereal divine spirit behind him mirrored his movements. It spread its arms as if to swat a pesky mosquito before clamping down on the sword.
A thunderous boom erupted, and the air rippled as energy radiated outward.
The once unstoppable silver sword was now clamped between the spirit’s palms. It rumbled and vibrated with raw power as it pushed forward despite the spirit’s firm grip. Though its speed had slowed, the sword’s relentless force shocked Fenley.
His face turned solemn as he poured every ounce of strength into trying to stop the silver sword. He knew that if he couldn’t withstand this first strike, the match would end before it began.
“Get down here!” Fenley roared as he controlled the ethereal divine spirit behind him. The spirit gripped the silver sword firmly and slammed it to the ground.
With a thunderous crash, the hard surface of the battle ring cracked under the impact, leaving a nine feet wide imprint in the ground. The sword’s momentum finally faltered, and its silver glow flickered as it lay still in the crater.
Fenley exhaled sharply and was surprised by the sheer power of Glenn’s first strike.
“Go, Green Fang!” Glenn raised his sword finger.
A green sword shot out from the case with lightning speed and rocketed toward Fenley. Though its speed wasn’t as blinding as the silver sword, its power was even more intimidating.
Wherever the sword passed, the temperature dropped sharply, and frost began to form on the ground beneath it as if infused with an elemental force.
“Fury of Fire God!” Fenley roared. The ethereal divine spirit behind him instantly flared crimson, sending searing heat waves across the venue.
With fists blazing like fire, he punched at the green sword. The spirit mirrored his movements, and a giant fiery fist slammed into the sword.
A thunderous explosion shook the ground as energy waves surged in all directions. The clash of fire and ice erupted into a terrifying shockwave that rattled the battle ring’s protective
barrier.
Oron had anticipated this and immediately channeled true energy into the enchantment circle to stabilize it.
When Fenley’s fists collided with the green sword, the sword was knocked back while he stumbled backward. His body was momentarily thrown off balance as his energy flow was disrupted.
But before he could regain his footing, Glenn attacked again. “Go, Red Tempest!” He raised one hand, and his sword finger pointed toward the sky.
A red sword shot into the air, spinning swiftly before hurtling toward Fenley. It cut through the air with a trailing storm of flames like a raging fire dragon unleashed with an overwhelming power.
###Chapter 2391
Compared to the second green sword, Glenn’s third sword was even more powerful. As it descended, accompanied by the fury of a fire dragon, it carried the destructive force of a world-shattering storm.
Fenley, whose energy flow was disrupted earlier, watched the fiery red long sword streak toward like a falling meteor. His heart raced and was gripped by a sudden sense of impending doom.
With a roar, he risked the backlash effect and unleashed a powerful surge of internal energy. The ethereal divine spirit behind him instantly transformed into a figure with three heads and six arms. This was the complete form of the Four Elements of God’s Technique.
At that instant, he threw everything he had into the fight. He controlled the spirit to slam its giant arms into the flaming sword.
With a loud explosion, the sword tore through the spirit’s palms and continued its unyielding path toward Fenley. But its speed had slowed slightly.
Without hesitation, he controlled the spirit to strike again with its other two arms. He hoped to stop the sword’s advance, but like earlier, a hole was blasted through the spirit’s palms when they touched the flaming sword.
Still, the sword’s momentum didn’t stop and continued forward, though its speed had dropped again.
“Hold it back!” Fenley roared as he controlled the spirit’s remaining arms to slam hard on the flaming sword.
A third explosion echoed as the energy rippled outward. He finally managed to pin down the terrifying flaming sword. But it trembled violently, and its flames roared as they burned the surrounding internal energy.
Sweat poured down Fenley’s face, and he gritted his teeth as he pressed both hands down with all his might. He channeled every last ounce of internal energy to pin the sword and wouldn’t dare to relax for even a moment.
This flaming sword was even more terrifying. Its destructive power was far greater than the combined might of the first two swords. As expected, defeating Glenn was no easy feat.
After several tense seconds, the sword’s fiery glow finally faded. It fell from the air and embedded itself deep into the battle ring with only the hilt left visible. The sheer sharpness of the
sword was unmistakable.
Fenley panted heavily, and sweat streamed down his face. Taking Glenn’s three strikes had drained him more than he expected.
He figured Glenn must’ve been using his ultimate moves. Otherwise, there was no way those blows could’ve been that powerful.
“Impressive. You managed to endure my three strikes.” Glenn’s expression remained stoic, but a flicker of interest sparked in his eyes.
Most of his previous opponents had crumpled after a single blow. None had forced him to swing a second time.
However, Fenley had held his ground for three. It was unexpected, but this surprise was short-lived.
“What’s wrong? Have you run out of tricks? Is it my turn now?” Fenley took a deep breath and quickly calmed his chaotic internal energy.
“Run out of tricks?” Glenn’s lips curled into a dismissive smirk. “You think you understand the world, but you’re just a fool who doesn’t know the full picture. Since you’re so ignorant, let me show you what true power looks like.”
With that, he raised his hand and slapped the side of the sword case. The case clicked open and revealed six swords inside. Each was unique-long and short-but all gleamed with an otherworldly brilliance. Despite their differences in shape and size, each sword was a divine weapon.
“Skybound!” Glenn raised his sword finger. Then, one of the swords with golden markings shot into the air like a dragon streaking across the sky.
“Shadowedge!”
“Earthshaper!”
“Fang Master!”
“Elderflame!”
“Voidreaver!”
Every time he raised his sword finger, a sword shot into the air from the ground. Blacknight, Green Fang, and Red Tempest-the first three swords he had used earlier-responded to his command and shot into the air to join the others.
In a single breath, nine swords hovered above Fenley like mountains bearing down on him. He could barely catch his breath as the pressure built.
“It’s impossible!” His eyes widened in disbelief as he felt the weight of each divine sword pressing down on him.
He hadn’t expected Glenn to have so many weapons hidden in his sword case. And each one radiated its own spiritual energy, unlike ordinary weapons.
Fenley was already struggling to withstand Glenn’s first three swords. So, how could he possibly face six more of these divine swords? Could he even win this match?
At that moment, his confidence wavered. Glenn’s strength and the oppressive pressure of the swords battered his spirit. He had assumed that the three swords were all Glenn had, but now he realized those had just been Glenn’s warm-up.
“Oh my god! He has that many swords? This is insane!”
“Three swords were already terrifying enough. If all nine come out, who the hell could stop them?”
“So, is this the strength of the number one on the Legendary List? That’s seriously terrifying!”
The spectators stared in awe at the nine divine swords hovering in the air.
For an ordinary swordsman, owning a single divine sword was already an unbelievable stroke of luck, but Glenn had summoned nine. It was enough to leave everyone speechless.
Even more shocking was his ability to control them all as if they were an extension of his limbs. It defied all logic.
After all, divine swords weren’t like ordinary weapons, as they had their own spirit. To claim a divine sword as its master was no easy feat. And to have them serve one master was almost unthinkable.
It was like a man marrying nine wives and somehow having them all live in perfect harmony. This was just a notion that was simply beyond comprehension.
“This… Is this punk a beast?”
Even Alloy, watching from the stands, looked shaken. His eyes widened in disbelief, his face tense, and the calm composure he once had was gone.
He had thought Fenley’s talent was extraordinary. But standing beside Glenn, it was clear Fenley was nothing more than a small fry.
It hit him that even geniuses could still be worlds apart.
###Chapter 2392
“Glenn had only seven swords in the past. I didn’t expect that in just one year, two more divine swords would recognize him as their master. This punk is much better than I was back then,” Cyrus remarked.
He stroked his chin with a look of surprise and approval. He had always believed in Glenn’s potential, but Glenn’s performance had still exceeded his expectations.
After all, the more swords Glenn wielded, the stronger he became. He had already topped the Legendary List with just seven swords. Now, with nine, his strength had grown even more overwhelming.
“He truly is the Chosen One.” Even Kaden couldn’t help but sigh.
The nine divine swords recognized their master and responded with ease. Glenn’s talent and cultivation were leagues ahead of his peers.
Every generation brought forth new talent, and the old had no choice but to step aside for the new generation. Compared to their time, today’s youth were on another level-monsters in their own right.
“Now, this is going to be interesting.” Penelope chuckled darkly.
For her, the showdown between the Celestial Alliance and the Sword Union was a no-win scenario for both sides. The result didn’t matter as long as they clashed with everything they had and left each other bruised and broken. Ultimately, the Mystic Arts Order would be the one to come out on top.
Of course, Penelope was just here for the show. The thought of winning the
championship never even crossed her mind.
She knew Abigail had talent, but her abilities still fell short of Logan and Glenn’s. There was no way she could match them in a fight. Honestly, she’d be satisfied if Abigail could just secure third place.
At that moment, the sword aura swirled relentlessly above the battle ring. Waves of crushing pressure continuously assaulted Fenley’s mind.
“No, I’m not done yet. I can still fight- I’ve still got a shot at winning.” He clenched his teeth as he raised his head against the immense pressure bearing down on him.
Nine divine swords? So what? He still had his ultimate move and strength to keep fighting.
“Bring it on. Show me what you’ve got.
“Fenley stood tall, and his voice boomed like thunder.
The ethereal divine spirit behind him grew more imposing, and its form solidified as its power intensified. Under the crushing pressure of the nine divine swords, his level of mastery improved.
“Look at Fenley’s momentum. He seems to have gotten even stronger!”
“Holy cow! This guy is not human. To break through under this kind of pressure-it’s terrifying!”
“Great! This match is about to get even more exciting.”
As Fenley’s momentum grew, the spectators couldn’t help but be amazed.
After all, this was the difference between a genius and an ordinary person. He didn’t give in when facing a
formidable opponent. Instead, he broke through under pressure.
“Breaking through at the critical moment? Impressive.” Glenn raised an eyebrow in surprise, but Fenley was still nowhere near his level.
“Let me show you the power of my Four Elements of God’s Technique!”
Fenley’s hair stood on end as his momentum exploded. His internal energy surged outward like a tidal wave and poured into the ethereal divine spirit behind him.
“Fury of the Thunder God!” he roared.
He withdrew his fist and gathered every ounce of power before thrusting it forward with devastating force. The spirit behind him mirrored the motion.
A rumble shook the air as lightning crackled and the wind howled. Blue lightning wrapped around the spirit’s
body as it converged at its arm to form a spear of pure thunder nearly 30 feet long. The weapon carried a destructive power capable of destroying the world.
This was the final move of the Four Elements of God’s Technique- Fenley’s deadliest attack. His breakthrough during the match had pushed his power to its peak. This technique was so devastating that it could shake the earth and make the boldest martial artists tremble. 1
“Skybound!”
“Shadowedge!”
“Earthshaper!”
Glenn casually flicked his sword finger. The three swords hovering in the air became streaks of colored light and crashed toward the ethereal divine spirit.
The first sword, Skybound, struck the spirit’s lightning spear with a thunderous crash. The impact knocked the sword back, and the spear shattered into fragments.
The second sword, Shadowedge, followed close behind and crashed the spirit’s fist in a flash of blue lightning with another explosive impact. The sword rebounded while the spirit’s half -body splintered under the sword’s aura.
Fenley’s body jolted as though struck by lightning, and blood trickled from his nose.
At that moment, another beam of light shot forward. The third sword, Earthshaper, thrust toward him.
With a roar, Fenley clenched his fist and smashed the Earthshaper with all his might. Since he couldn’t dodge it, his only choice was to fight back.
The battle ring quaked under the impact, and thunder rumbled.
The Earthshaper was knocked back a dozen yards away. It spun in the air before embedding itself deep in the ring’s floor with a hiss.
The impact sent Fenley hurtling over. 30 feet. Blood spurted from his mouth as he sailed through the air. When he finally crashed to the ground, his face was ashen, and his body battered.
Before he could stand up, Glenn’s fourth sword, Fang Master, had already stealthily closed in with its tip aimed at Fenley’s throat.
Just as it was about to pierce his skin, the sword stopped as it vibrated with a low hum. Then, a razor-sharp sword aura grazed Fenley’s neck, and a trickle of blood was drawn.
Fenley froze, not daring to move. He knew he would be dead if the sword went an inch further.
At that moment, everyone held their breath. They knew Fenley’s fate lay entirely in Glenn’s hands.
###Chapter 2393
The whole arena suddenly fell dead silent. Everyone stared blankly, and not a soul dared to breathe.
Alloy shot to his feet in the main spectator seats, and his face was tense with worry. Yet, he didn’t dare make a sound. He feared it might startle Glenn into making a mistake that could cost Fenley’s life.
After all, Fenley represented the future of the Celestial Alliance. Alloy had invested all his effort into Fenley, and he provided him with endless resources. If Fenley were to die in the match, it would deal a devastating blow to the entire guild.
While Alloy was gripped with worry, Cyrus and Penelope cheered silently. They secretly hoped Glenn’s sword would strike Fenley. If that happened, the Celestial Alliance would take at least a decade to regain its former glory.
Fenley’s body stiffened as he stared at the Fang Master hovering inches from him. A shiver ran through his spine as goosebumps prickled his skin. Sweat trickled down his face, and each drop hit the ground with a soft drip.
He knew he had already lost.
If Glenn wanted it, Fenley would be dead in an instant.
“Return to the case.”
After a few tense seconds, Glenn decided against delivering the final blow. With a flick of his sword finger, the Fang Master veered off, spinning once before returning to the sword case. The other eight divine swords followed suit and returned in unison.
In the blink of an eye, the battle ring, once charged with lethal intensity, sank into an eerie calm.
“You pushed me to use the Fang Master, so I’ll consider you a decent opponent. I hope you get stronger.” With that, Glenn turned and left the battle ring.
Fenley’s performance had exceeded his expectations. He thought three swords would be enough to decide the outcome. Instead, Fenley had held his ground through the seventh swords before finally succumbing. That kind of resilience had earned him a measure of respect from Glenn.
“Just a decent opponent?” Fenley stared at Glenn’s retreating figure. His body slumped in defeat as a bitter smile tugged at the corner of his mouth.
He broke through at the critical moment, pushing himself to the edge and risking everything in one desperate gamble. He thought he could defeat Glenn, and this might be his chance to prove himself.
But what did he have to show for it? He hadn’t even come close to making Glenn use his full strength.
Glenn hadn’t moved an inch the entire time. He won the match with just a few flicks of his sword fingers.
The gap between them wasn’t small- it was insurmountable.
Fenley had always taken pride in his unique talent and believed he was a cut above the rest. But standing before Glenn, that confidence crumbled. What once felt like greatness now seemed almost laughable.
At that moment, he understood that no matter how far he pushed himself, there would always be someone stronger.
After a long pause, Fenley dejectedly walked off the battle ring and left the venue in a daze. He had already lost,
and staying there would only add to his humiliation.
The match for third place meant nothing to him now. If he couldn’t get first place, nothing else was worth pursuing.
“Congratulations to Glenn Hadley on his victory!” Oron announced promptly.
The spectators erupted into thunderous applause.
Glenn’s supporters roared with excitement, while Fenley’s fans, though disappointed, still clapped respectfully. They knew Fenley had given everything he had into the fight and pushed himself beyond his limits.
However, the gap between them was simply too wide. Though it stung, losing to Glenn felt fair.
“Mr. Marshall, what do you have to say now?” Cyrus smirked as he glanced at
Alloy.
Before the match, the two had made a bet. Now that Cyrus had won, he naturally had to ridicule Alloy.
“You’ve trained a fine disciple, and I lost the bet.” Alloy took a deep breath. ” A bet is a bet. I’ll keep my word on what. I promised you. That’s all there is to it.”
With that, he turned and left. Fenley had been defeated, so Alloy had no reason to stay.
“Well, thank you.” Cyrus smiled triumphantly. After all those years of rivalry, he finally settled a score today.
After one hour of break, the second semifinal match began.
Oron entered the ring and announced, ” The second match will begin now.
Please welcome contestant number two, Dustin Rhys, and contestant number three, Abigail Robinson, to the
ring.”
As soon as he finished speaking, the spectators exploded in applause.
Abigail, the only female contestant among the final four, was popular not only for her strength but also for her beauty.
Even with her status as the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order-an identity that carried its share of controversy-her charisma was undeniable, and she had many supporters. Her fans cheered and chanted her name as she stepped into the ring.
On the contrary, Dustin had plenty of supporters as well. He was the dark horse of this tournament and had bulldozed his way through the matches.
First, he crushed several top foreign contestants. Then, he stunned the
crowd by defeating the favorite, Caleb, with a single strike. The sight of that single strike shattering Caleb’s enchantment circle, followed by another sword blow that sealed the victory, left the crowd speechless in awe.
The crowd buzzed with anticipation for the showdown between Dustin and Abigail. Under the gaze of thousands, Dustin and Abigail took their places in the ring.
“Sir, I didn’t expect to face you today. I guess this fight is inevitable.” Abigail winked playfully.
She knew Dustin’s strength well enough to understand that winning wouldn’t be easy. Still, she wouldn’t back down. Since she was in the ring, she intended to give it everything she had.
“Give it your all,” Dustin said with a smile. “Let’s see how much you’ve grown this past year.”
“Okay. Then, I won’t hold back.”
The words barely left her mouth before she sprang into action. Her figure turned into a blur as she charged at him.
###Chapter 2394
Abigail moved with lightning speed, and her figure weaved in and out like a shadow. Her swift movements left a blur of afterimages that was hard for anyone watching to keep up.
On the contrary, Dustin stood still without making any movement.
“Fallen Fist!”
After closing in, she unleashed a flurry of strikes-dozens of black palm shadows slamming toward his body, and each one was like a bullet aimed at its target.
Abigail practiced a unique martial art, and it was imbued with voodoo-like properties that could kill anyone who made contact with her. But Dustin’s body was immune to all poisons, so it was a perfect counter to her deadly attack.
As the shadow palms closed in, he remained unshaken and thrust his palm forward.
A fierce gust of wind surged and ripped through the air with unrelenting force. It collided with the black palm shadows.
Abigail’s black palm shadows exploded. on impact and disintegrated into thick clouds of dark mist that quickly spread. Within moments, the mist engulfed nearly the entire battle ring and trapped them inside.
“What is this? Poison mist?”
“She attacked with internal energy but released poison mist. That’s a rather unusual technique.”
The spectators below murmured in surprise as they eyed the poison mist swirling around.
The use of poison was nothing unusual for the Mystic Arts Order. Unlike the Dawson Clan’s hidden weapons, the Mystic Arts Order’s poisons were far more devious and unpredictable. Many people who were poisoned didn’t even realize what had happened until it was too late.
If Dustin hadn’t sensed the threat in time and used his palm wind to dissipate the black palm shadows, he would have never had a chance to react once they closed in. When facing members of the Mystic Arts Order, staying on guard at all times was a must.
Abigail swam like a fish in the thick poison mist, and her movements were so fast that the spectators couldn’t even spot her. They could only see faint ripples in the air marking her path.
In contrast, Dustin stood firm and used his internal energy to keep the poison
mist at bay. While he was immune to most toxins, he wasn’t about to take any chances. After all, there were some poisons that he couldn’t even resist.
“Springing Fist!”
Suddenly, a shadow flashed behind him, followed by a blast of wind.
Dustin instinctively turned and struck out with his palm. A burst of black poison mist exploded, and the shockwave rippled through the air, but there was no trace of Abigail.
Then, his body tensed, and his protection armor energy lit up. He looked up to find Abigail, who had been right behind him just a moment ago, now hovering above him.
With her body upside down, she delivered a Springing Fist straight down onto Dustin’s protection armor energy, right above his head.
The strike seemed ordinary at first glance. However, the true power lay in its subtlety-an invisible force that made it nearly impossible to defend against in time.
“You’re quite cautious, Sir. I nearly had you with that ambush.” Abigail smiles faintly.
She bent her arm, then straightened it in a sharp motion. In an instant, her body shot upward like a fish leaping from the water and disappeared into the thick black poison mist before Dustin could react.
She knew that taking him on directly, based on cultivation alone, was a losing battle. Her only choice was to rely on hit -and-run tactics.
“This kid has made some real progress. “Dustin smirked.
His senses were sharp, yet he had still been fooled. Abigail had learned how to mask her presence and had blended into the surroundings so well he hadn’t noticed anything. But he quickly realized her method must have something to do with the poison mist around them.
With that thought, Dustin stomped the ground hard, and his mystical pure energy burst out.
A thunderous crack split the ground, and a fierce shockwave rolled out like a tidal wave. It dispersed the black poison mist in all directions, as though it was swept away by a hurricane.
Abigail’s attempt at a sneak attack was instantly thwarted. As the mist cleared, she was only a few feet away from Dustin, and their eyes met.
She chuckled awkwardly, and a nervous grin spread across her face.
“Enough with the games. Show me what you’ve really got. Let’s see how much you’ve improved.” Dustin stood with his hands clasped behind his back, and he showed no rush to make a move.
“Then, I won’t hold back.” At this point, Abigail wasn’t about to keep her strength hidden. She called forth her bloodline power.
A mighty cry echoed as a giant Dark Phoenix materialized behind her. It looked vivid and imposing.
The phoenix’s wingspan reached nearly 65 feet, and its tail trailed dark flames that pulsed with a sinister energy. Its piercing eyes gleamed a savage bloodlust and exuded a chilling presence that made anyone who met its gaze shudder.
“Holy cow! What the hell is that?”
“Is that… a phoenix?”
“I heard that the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order has the Phoenix bloodline. Once awakened, her power is supposed to be unstoppable.”
“Hold on! I’ve heard of the Phoenix bloodline, but… why is her phoenix’s dark?”
When Abigail revealed her bloodline power, the spectators below the stage erupted in a frenzy.
The Mystic Arts Order had passed down its legacy for centuries, and everyone knew that the Grand Sorceress had a Phoenix bloodline.
But the phoenix she summoned was nothing like they had imagined. Instead of the anticipated sacred energy, it exuded nothing but pure menace.
“Watch out, Sir!”
After tapping into her bloodline power, Abigail’s presence changed dramatically. Her demeanor turned cold and fierce, with a murderous air. Black mist swirled around her, and it made her look like a demon from hell.
“Bring it on.” Dustin’s eyes gleamed with fierce focus, and he remained rooted.
“Dark Phoenix Cry!”
She spread her arms wide, and the black phoenix behind her unfurled its wings with a shrill cry. In an instant, a torrent of black flames rose into the air as though it could set the Celestial Blade ablaze.
Then, she shook her arms. Simultaneously, the Dark Phoenix flapped its wings. A barrage of black feathers turned into arrows and shot toward Dustin.
These feathers were engulfed in black flames. The flames didn’t just burn- they carried a potent corrosive toxin.
Anyone burned by the black flames would see their skin and bones decay instantly, and it would eventually turn into dust.
###Chapter 2395
Dustin raised his hand as the black feathers rained down on him. A white energy shield flared into existence to form a wall before him.
The feathers slammed into the shield. and sent ripples across its surface but failed to break through. However, the black flames on the feathers spread across the shield and burned through its energy at a visible pace. In the blink of an eye, the once impenetrable barrier cracked open and left a gaping hole.
Dustin couldn’t hide his surprise. His mystical pure energy was far stronger than the average grandmaster’s internal energy in offense and defense. It was meant to be impenetrable. He hadn’t anticipated it couldn’t hold up against Abigail’s phoenix flame.
Seeing the raw strength of her bloodline, he knew he couldn’t afford to take any chances. As the black flames spread, he swiftly waved his hand to summon a furious gust of wind that sent the feathers and flames flying.
“Glaring Wings!” Abigail wasn’t done yet. She quickly formed hand seals and thrust her hand forward.
The giant Dark Phoenix behind her flapped its wings and transformed into a streak of black light that shot directly at Dustin. The force of its charge was like a meteor crashing to the earth- unstoppable.
Dustin narrowed his eyes. He shot into the air with a quick push off the ground and narrowly avoided the phoenix’s deadly charge.
After missing its target, the phoenix wheeled around mid-air before charging at Dustin again with lightning
speed. It was as if the phoenix was prepared to go down with him.
“ArcMor!” Dustin formed a hand seal and unleashed his supreme divine power.
A massive, earthen-colored armor enveloped him, and the outer layer cloaked in the illusory image of a Black Tortoise.
The Dark Phoenix, wrapped in dark flames, didn’t hold back as it crashed straight into the illusory tortoise.
The impact was explosive. Feathers scattered in every direction, and flames burst like embers. The illusory tortoise shuddered violently, and its light flickered wildly.
The Dark Phoenix showed no signs of stopping. Its beak opened and unleashed a blast of scorching black flames. The flames, as dark as ink,
engulfed Dustin and the illusory tortoise.
What made the flames truly terrifying was their corrosive power, which Dustin’s mystical pure energy struggled to withstand. As the black flames seared through, the glow of the illusory tortoise began to fade and was slowly being consumed. Clearly, the shield wouldn’t last more than a few seconds.
This was the Dark Phoenix’s overwhelming power. Its flames, whether aimed at solid matter or pure energy, seemed capable of incinerating anything in their path.
Finally, Dustin felt the weight of true pressure. If he didn’t unleash his full strength now, defeat was inevitable.
“Celestial Blade!” Dustin called out softly.
A black sword dropped from the sky and turned into a streak of light before landing precisely in his hand.
With the black flames raging around him, he slowly raised his sword and swung it forward fiercely. A streak of black sword aura shot forward. It sliced through the flames in an unstoppable wave before crashing into the Dark Phoenix.
The phoenix’s fire-breathing action suddenly stopped. In the next instant, it burst apart with a thunderous boom.
Though the Dark Phoenix was a spirit, it was impervious to physical blows, so it was powerless against Dustin’s ferocious sword aura. Surprisingly, it was torn apart in a single stroke. After it died, the raging flames dissipated into nothing, and the battle ring was once again shrouded in peace.
“Sir, looks like you’re finally taking this seriously.” A faint smile crossed Abigail’s face as her excitement grew.
“Can’t help it. If I don’t use my sword, I’ll probably be toast today,” Dustin responded calmly.
Her Phoenix bloodline had a special attribute that countered the internal energy of all martial artists. Even those stronger than her couldn’t defend against it. He would risk being entangled by her black flames if he didn’t use his sword.
“In that case, let’s have a real match!” Abigail casually gestured with one hand, and a massive silver broadsword materialized.
The weapon was over ten feet long. It was a broad and heavy blade that starkly contrasted her petite frame.
While adept with spells, she favored close combat- the kind where the danger was immediate and the thrill was in the heat of the moment.
Seeing her choice of weapon, Dustin couldn’t help but give a bemused glance.
A martial artist’s strength could make swinging such a massive blade look effortless, but seeing a woman choose something so heavy was unusual.
While these weapons were powerful, they lacked speed and agility. If their movements were restricted, it would be challenging to maneuver.
But if she was bold enough to wield it, he knew she had to be confident in her abilities.
“Bring it on, Sir!” Abigail gripped her broadsword with one hand, with the tip aimed at Dustin.
“Stay sharp.” He didn’t waste words. With a quick step, he closed the gap in the blink of an eye, and his speed was like that of a flash of lightning.
She didn’t budge. With both hands on the hilt, she swung down with all her might at his afterimage. As the sword descended, a surge of black flames erupted, and there was barely any room to dodge.
Dustin twisted his body and weaved through the flames like a bird darting between branches. With a single, fluid motion, his sword struck the edge of Abigail’s broadsword.
The sound of metal striking metal echoed and sent sparks flying. She paused for a split second, and her downward strike stopped mid-swing.
Dustin capitalized on the opening and swung his sword again with blinding speed. It was too fast for the eye to
track.
Abigail just managed to bring her sword up in time as she raised it horizontally to block.
The Celestial Blade slammed into her broadsword’s hilt with a violent clash. A deep groove was carved into the hilt, and the impact pushed her back several steps.
Dustin seized the opening and struck again. His movements were swift, precise, and ruthless, without hesitation or wasted energy.
At that moment, Abigail was on the defensive and unable to retaliate. Just as defeat seemed imminent, a burst of golden light suddenly erupted from her body.
###Chapter 2396
With a resounding bang, the golden light erupted with a burst of terrifying energy wave. In an instant, the earth trembled, and fierce winds whipped through the air.
Dustin and his sword were sent flying several yards. After landing, he stumbled back several steps before finally steadying himself.
He looked up and saw that Abigail’s body was now covered in a layer of golden armor, though he couldn’t tell when it had happened. The armor glowed brightly, and it made her look imposing and striking.
It was clearly a divine artifact.
The Mystic Arts Order had been around for centuries, with deep roots and
countless treasures. As the Grand Sorceress, Abigail would obviously have several divine artifacts for protection.
Dustin wasn’t surprised, but the armor’s counterforce caught him off guard. Not only did it protect her, but it also had offensive capabilities.
When his sword struck the armor earlier, the blow didn’t leave a scratch. Instead, the armor absorbed the hit and sent the force back at him. It had a built -in retaliation feature. The more damage it took, the stronger the counterattack.
“Bet you didn’t see this coming, huh? I also have mystic armor.” Abigail smiled. “And this one has a special feature-no matter how you hit it, it will bounce your strike right back. The harder you strike, the stronger the backlash.”
“Yeah, I noticed it.” Dustin nodded and changed the subject. “Though the armor might be useful, it’s just an inanimate . It’s not foolproof. Don’t let it give you a false sense of security. Overconfidence could be your downfall.”
As a martial artist, real strength came from within. Gears were just embellishments, and one shouldn’t develop a mindset of dependence on them.
Otherwise, it would hinder personal growth and leave a person vulnerable to others taking advantage of their weaknesses.
His words were meant as a reminder.
“So, do you think you can take me down?” Abigail smirked. She discarded the broadsword and pulled out a red sword with one hand.
After awakening her Phoenix bloodline, she inherited the memories of the Ninth Grand Sorceress. Simply put, she had mastered every weapon known to man.
“You can use a sword?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“Why don’t you give it a try?” She flicked her longsword with a sharp motion. In the blink of an eye, she closed the distance with her sword thrusting forward.
The strike came fast, sharp, and from an angle that made it hard to read.
Every movement had subtle variations that made it nearly impossible to predict. Without a decade of intense training, no one could ever achieve this.
“Oh?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, genuinely surprised.
As they always said, a true expert showed their skill with a single move. With his keen eyes, he could tell right away that her swordsmanship was on another level.
This wasn’t the result of just a few years of practice. She either had an extraordinary natural talent for the sword, or her Phoenix bloodline was giving her an edge.
Before he could think further, her sword was already upon him. He reacted instinctively and mirrored her move with a horizontal thrust. Their swords met in perfect harmony.
The tips locked briefly as a flash of light rippled outward from the point of impact. The force wasn’t overwhelming, but it had a sharpness that set his nerves on edge.
At that instant, the two swords were aligned in a perfect horizontal line and locked in a silent battle of wills.
Two grandmasters’ internal energy clashed through the swords, and a violent force pushed against one another. The energy surged like two armies in a fierce battle. Waves of light exploded from the impact, and they pulsed out in rhythmic bursts.
Abigail’s breathing gradually became more labored. Sweat began to bead on her forehead, and the hand gripping the sword started to tremble slightly.
In contrast, Dustin stood firm, and he looked calm.
Though she had many divine artifacts and her supreme powers were extraordinary, her cultivation was still lacking compared to Dustin’s. In this battle of internal energy, it was clear she was struggling.
In the end, Abigail couldn’t hold out any longer. With a quick flick of her wrist, she broke the lock between their swords. She swiftly withdrew and stepped back.
As she retreated, Dustin took his chance. Without hesitation, he thrust forward and aimed straight for the golden armor on her chest.
The armor rang with a sharp clang as it absorbed the blow and redirected the impact back through his sword.
The recoil surged through his sword, but Dustin let it carry him forward. He used the momentum to spin and let it propel his next move. He lunged forward again and drove his sword into the golden armor.
The sharp clang rang out again. The armor trembled, then unleashed an even stronger recoil.
Dustin repeated his previous approach and used the momentum to launch another series of strikes. His Celestial Blade fell like a storm, and each blow rapidly hammered against the armor.
Abigail was pushed back with every strike and struggled to stay on her feet. Each time she gathered her strength to counterattack, his sword sliced through her defenses like paper.
She withstood more than a dozen thrusts without being able to defend herself. If not for the protection of her mystic armor, she would have been riddled with holes by now.
It was then that she finally understood how superb Dustin’s swordsmanship was. What seemed like simple moves were actually the fundamentals of swordsmanship. It was so fast and precise that they couldn’t be dodged.
His strikes grew more intense with each passing second. After dozens of strikes, the golden armor started to lose its luster, and the spots where it was hit began to crack. It was clear that it was nearing its breaking point.
The armor was tough, but even it had its limits. It couldn’t hold up forever. After withstanding blow after blow, it was finally starting to crack.
Dustin thrust his sword again, and the golden armor shattered instantly. The blinding light that had enveloped Abigail disappeared, but the deadly force of his sword didn’t relent. It kept barreling toward her throat.
Her pupils contracted, but before she could react, the Celestial Blade stopped. The tip of the blade hovered less than half an inch from her throat.
Abigail could feel its cold, terrifying sharpness, and every hair on her body stood on end.
###Chapter 2397
“H-Hold on! I-I surrender!” Abigail said urgently. With the sword inches away from her throat, she decisively raised both hands in a gesture of surrender.
She didn’t expect herself to win the match. Her goal was simply to take this opportunity to test Dustin’s strength and also gauge her own progress. But now, it was clear that there was still a sizable gap between them.
“You’ve done well. In a few more years, I might not even be able to keep up with you.” Dustin smiled and lowered his Celestial Blade. His words weren’t flattery; he genuinely saw potential in Abigail.
The dark Phoenix flames carried a corrosive power that even his mystical pure energy couldn’t resist. In other words, Abigail’s black flames were the bane of any martial artist.
Her journey in the martial world was still short-barely two years. She hadn’t unlocked the full potential of her Phoenix bloodline yet. But with more training and experience, the sky was the limit for her.
“Don’t try to console me, Sir. I’m nowhere near your caliber.” Abigail shook her head.
Her current strength was due to her Phoenix bloodline. While her potential was sky-high, she still lagged behind Dustin, a peerless prodigy. She knew that, as she continued to train, there was no way he would stop improving either.
“Sir, next up is the final match. You’ve got to give it your all!” Abigail gave a quick fist pump before turning and walking off the battle ring. She had given it her all, so losing didn’t leave her with any regrets.
“Congratulations to Dustin Rhys for winning the second match of the semi- finals!” Oron announced.
The crowd erupted into applause and cheers.
Before the match, few had expected Dustin to win. After all, Abigail was the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order, ranked second on the Legendary List, and far stronger than Fenley.
While Dustin had performed admirably so far, he wasn’t from a prestigious guild. Despite his impressive strength, everyone had placed their bets on Abigail.
Yet, nobody had expected this dark horse, Dustin, to break records and advance to the finals. He had easily defeated Abigail, the second-ranked on the Legendary List. It was only then that people truly realized his terrifying potential.
“I didn’t expect Dustin to be this strong. He even defeated the Grand Sorceress of the Mystic Arts Order.
Looks like winning the tournament is within reach now.” Ruby’s face was filled with surprise. She never imagined that a stranger she had met along the way would make it to the finals.
“We really underestimated his strength. Turns out he’s been hiding it all along.” Crystal couldn’t hide her amazement. She had once thought about catching up to him, but now she had to abandon that idea.
They were simply on two different levels.
“What a shame! If only Dustin were interested in joining the Sword Union, we’d have a true powerhouse.” Miles shook his head regretfully.
Dalen smirked and murmured to himself, “Guess I was right. You’re really Logan Rhys.”
From their first meeting, He had sensed Dustin was no ordinary person.
He wasn’t entirely sure back then, but now he had confirmed his suspicions. He knew only Logan could defeat Abigail and reach the finals.
Amidst a storm of thunderous applause, Dustin slowly walked off the ring.
Since Fenley had forfeited, third place went to Abigail without a fight. All that was left was the championship showdown between Dustin and Glenn.
By now, many had figured out Dustin’s true identity, and the crowd was anticipating the final match.
During the break, the tension in the air was palpable. Since Abigail always
looked for a way to make a quick profit, she quietly set up a betting pool, and gamblers eagerly rushed to place their bets.
Three minutes before the match started, Alloy, who had left earlier, returned to his seat. Despite Celestial Alliance’s earlier defeat, he couldn’t miss the final match for the championship.
He was rooting for Dustin, even if the odds were slim-at least there was some hope. Regardless of the outcome, he planned to recruit Dustin after the match.
He couldn’t let Dustin join the Sword Union or the Mystic Arts Order. If that happened, Celestial Alliance’s chances of rising to the top would disappear for good.
“Mr. Marshall, I didn’t expect you’d show your face again. Thought you’d be
too embarrassed to stick around,” Cyrus said sarcastically.
“Victory and defeat are all part of the game. No point in making a fuss over it. We may have lost this time, but there’s always a chance to turn it around next time,” Alloy said calmly.
“Next time?” Cyrus scoffed, and his lips curled in a mocking smile. “You really think there’ll be a next time? Your prized disciple’s got a mind plagued with doubt now. He’ll probably never get past this.”
“Not necessarily,” Alloy replied firmly. “Some people only get stronger with each setback. I’m confident Fenley will be right on Glenn’s heels someday.”
“Dream on.” Cyrus sneered.
“Alright, gentlemen,” Penelope interjected. “The match is about to begin.”
Only then did the two rivals stop their banter and turn their attention to the ring.
After a short break, the final match began.
###Chapter 2398
“We’re ready for the ultimate showdown of this tournament. The winner will be crowned the Combat Tournament Champion. Now, let’s welcome both contestants to the ring.” Oron’s voice thundered as he stepped onto the battle ring.
There was thunderous applause and cheers from the audience.
The long-awaited showdown was finally at hand. Today’s outcome wasn’t just about personal glory, but it would also decide the future of the martial world.
If Glenn triumphed and claimed the crown, the Sword Union would rise as the undisputed guild. The Celestial Alliance and the Mystic Arts Order would have no choice but to bow to their supremacy.
But if Dustin won, it would be even more sensational. A dark horse,
without any guild affiliation, defeating the elite disciples of the major guild- such a story would send shockwaves through the martial world.
Once that happened, every major guild would fight tooth and nail to claim him. It would spark a fierce battle for dominance.
“Dr. Rhys! Good luck!”
“Defeat Glenn and make a name for yourself!”
Alicia and Aurora jumped to their feet and cheered for Dustin as he stepped into the ring.
Whether for personal reasons or out of loyalty, they both supported him. When Glenn defeated Fenley, it had been a major blow to the Celestial Alliance’s pride. If Dustin could win this match, it would be a small victory for them.
“The outcome is in your hands now,” Grace murmured. Her voice was laced with worry.
If Dustin were up against anyone else, she wouldn’t be this anxious. But facing Glenn was a different story.
Both were tied for the top spot on the Legendary List, and no one knew who was stronger. At this level, every move mattered, and one slip could change everything. Until the final blow, no one could say who would walk away victorious.
“Who are we rooting for?” Miles glanced between Ruby and Crystal. He looked conflicted.
They were naturally closer to Dustin as a friend, but Glenn was from the Sword Union. As fellow guild members, they felt obligated to support Glenn. At that moment, they were torn between the two.
“Hmm…” Ruby frowned, then shrugged. “Let’s just enjoy the match. Whoever wins, we cheer for them.”
“Sounds good to me.” Miles grinned.
Why overthink it? To him, anyone who won the match would be amazing.
Crystal didn’t say a word and simply looked at them. She felt Glenn held the upper hand, but Dustin had pulled off too many unexpected victories for her to make a definite call. Even now, she wasn’t sure who would come out on top.
Beside her, Dalen shared the same uncertainty. Despite knowing the truth about Dustin’s identity, he still couldn’t decide whether Dustin was stronger or if Glenn had the advantage. All he could do was watch and wait for the outcome.
“Mr. Hadley, Mr. Marshall, Sage Foyer -what do you say we make a bet on who’ll take the championship?”
Penelope spoke up suddenly.
“Oh? Madam Penelope, you’re getting in on this too?” Alloy raised an eyebrow.
“Well, since I’ve got nothing better to do, why not? A bet on the championship could spice things up.” She chuckled dryly.
She proposed it because she noticed Abigail winked at her from afar. Her granddaughter had set up the betting pool and planned to make a profit. Penelope figured she might as well lend a hand.
###Chapter 2399
“Since Madam Penelope has spoken, I’ll follow her lead,” Alloy said with a smile. “What about Mr. Hadley and Sage Foyer?”
“I’m in if you want to make a bet,”
Cyrus-replied coolly.
“It’s not every day we get an opportunity like this. Let me stir things up a bit.” Kaden nodded with a grin.
Once the three had agreed, Penelope waved for Abigail to come over.
Soon, Abigail approached them with a wide grin. “Esteemed guests, I hear you want to bet. The current odds are-bet on Dustin to win, and you’ll get 1.6 times your stake. Bet on Glenn, and it’s only 0.4.”
She continued, “And no worries-if you win, I’ll exchange your winnings for celestial stones.”
Abigail smiled brightly, and the other parties’ eyes gleamed with the unmistakable shine of greed.
Many had already placed their bets with her. Though she couldn’t control the match’s outcome, she knew how to adjust the odds to her advantage. Over time, that could turn into a huge fortune.
“I’m betting on Glenn to win.” Cyrus quickly tossed a translucent, greenish orb to Abigail.
The orb glowed with a soft, ethereal light, and its inside swirled like liquid in motion. It gave off a faint, soothing light.
“An Aqua Orb? Mr. Hadley doesn’t joke around when it comes to betting.” Penelope’s gaze sharpened with interest
The Aqua Orb was one of the five elements orbs. It allowed the user to control the flow of water, which was similar to having an additional water- related supreme divine power.
The orb also sharpened the mind, accelerated cultivation, and refined martial skills. It was a scarce treasure highly coveted by everyone who knew its value.
“What’s wrong? Are you afraid to accept it?” Cyrus raised an eyebrow.
“Of course not. Whatever the big shots are betting, I’ll accept whatever’s offered.” Abigail nodded repeatedly. After all, there were always gamblers backing her up, so there was no way she could lose.
“1.6 odds sounds pretty tempting, but I still trust Glenn. I’m putting my money on him to win.” Alloy chuckled as he pulled a bottle of pills from his robe
and handed them to Abigail.
“Adamantinol? Now that’s a real treasure!” Abigail’s eyes sparkled with excitement.
Adamantinol was a rare pill from the Celestial Alliance, known for boosting strength and endurance to incredible levels. It was a coveted sacred relic for body-refining martial artists.
But crafting Adamantinol wasn’t easy, and the ingredients were hard to come by. As a result, the pill was extremely scarce, and only selected disciples were ever fortunate enough to get their hands on one.
“Sage Foyer, who are you betting on?” Penelope glanced at him.
“Since Mr. Marshall and Mr. Hadley have both placed their bets on Glenn, I’ll choose a different target. I’ll take a
risk and bet on Dustin.” Kaden smiled and pulled out three different-colored talismans.
He handed them to Abigail and said, “I don’t have many treasures, but these should be enough.”
“Sage Foyer, you’re too humble. These talismans are priceless!” Abigail’s face lit up with joy.
These were Divine Talismans, charged with Kaden’s internal energy-far stronger than the average ones. Even ten of Caleb’s best wouldn’t come close to their power. That made them incredibly rare and valuable.
“I’m with you, Sage Foyer. I’ll bet on Dustin, too.” Penelope raised her hand, and a black cloak silently drifted into Abigail’s hands.
The cloak had a special aura that could hide its wearer and made them almost invisible in the darkness, as long as they didn’t bump into anyone.
“Thank you for your support. Let’s see who comes out on top,” Abigail said with a grin.
She had hit the jackpot. This was another chance to make a fortune.
###Chapter 2400
Under the watchful eyes of the audience, Dustin and Glenn stepped onto the battle ring. They stood about 30 feet apart, and their eyes locked across the distance. Their gazes met like sparks, and they could feel the weight of the other’s stare.
“Are you Logan?” Glenn asked, breaking the silence.
He had heard the rumors about this dark horse before stepping into the ring, but now that he was facing him, he wasn’t sure.
“Who I am doesn’t matter. What matters is who wins this fight.” Dustin didn’t confirm or deny it, but his words left Glenn with no doubt.
Both men were at the top of the Legendary List and held equal rank on the Champ-Tier List. Until they fought, no one could say who was the stronger of the two.
“I heard you’re Seth’s disciple, so I’m really looking forward to this.” Glenn’s gaze sharpened.
Many years ago, his mentor, Cyrus, was defeated by Seth. That loss had always haunted Cyrus ever since. Now, with the disciples of both men about to face off, Glenn was determined to settle the score.
“I’m also looking forward to seeing the sword skills of your Sword Union, ” Dustin said with a grin.
The opponents he had faced so far including Abigail-hadn’t really forced him to go all out. But Glenn was different. He could already tell that Glenn was a real challenge and someone who could push him to his limits.
None of Dustin’s peers had come close to matching his skill. If he didn’t go all in in this match, he wouldn’t stand a
chance.
“Are both contestants ready? Then, let the final match for the Combat Tournament championship begin!”
Oron’s voice rang out, and the crowd erupted into applause.
Half the spectators were chanting Dustin’s name, while the other half was shouting for Glenn. By now, both had gathered their fair share of supporters.
One was the undefeated top-ranked expert on the Legendary List, and the other was a dark horse who had already knocked out the second-ranked Abigail and fought his way into the finals.
Who had the edge? No one could say for sure. It was the uncertainty that made the match so exciting.
“Show me what you’ve got.”
Dustin raised a hand and made a quick, commanding gesture. The Celestial Blade flew through the air and landed firmly in his grip. Drawing his sword from the start of the match was his way of showing respect for Glenn’s strength,
“Blacknight! Green Fang! Red Tempest! Go!” Glenn also didn’t hold back.
He raised his sword finger, and three divine swords shot out from the sword case. They hovered in the air, with the edges gleaming with deadly intent.
In his previous fight with Fenley, he had held back. But now, he was giving it everything he had.
“Get a few more men to reinforce the formation!”
The razor-sharp sword energy in the ring made Oron uneasy. He quickly called over three masters from Sacred Wyrm Summit and positioned them at each corner to help stabilize the defensive formation.
This was the championship match, after all. The destructive power unleashed by Dustin and Glenn was far greater than anything seen in the earlier rounds.
If the two ultimate grandmaster swordsmen weren’t careful, a single misstep could cause the defensive formation to break. And if that happened, the spectators would be caught in the crossfire.
“Activate it now!”
With Oron at the forefront, the Sacred Wyrm Summit masters channeled their energy in unison to activate the defense
formation around the ring. A flash of light erupted, and a pale blue shield appeared and wrapped around the entire ring like a massive eggshell.
As the defensive formation solidified, Dustin and Glenn seemed to share a tacit understanding. Then, they launched their attacks simultaneously.
“Attack!”
Glenn pointed his sword finger at Dustin, and three divine swords of different colors shot toward him from all directions. Each sword picked up speed and force as it flew, as the pressure mounted with each strike. The sheer power felt like it could shatter everything in its path.
“Perfect timing!”
Dustin grinned and swung his Celestial Blade three times. Three black sword
auras shot forward and collided with the divine swords in midair.
Three powerful blasts shook the air, and waves of energy rippled outward in all directions. The shockwaves slammed into the blue barrier with the force of a crashing wave.
Dustin’s sword auras didn’t stop the divine swords, but they slowed their advance. He seized the opportunity and blurred into a streak of black lightning as he charged forward with his sword aimed at Glenn’s chest.
“Skybound! Shadowedge! Earthshaper! Go!”
Glenn reacted quickly and raised his sword finger. Three more divine swords shot out from the case and headed toward Dustin, who was charging at him.
“Tantrumia Slash!” Dustin flicked his wrist, and the Celestial Blade trembled in his grip.
A violent vortex erupted around him and spun with relentless force. It wasn’t a pull inward but a reverse rotation that pushed outward with force from within.
When Glenn’s three divine swords made contact with the vortex, a powerful force yanked them off course. They zipped past Dustin and narrowly missed him by inches.
“Huh?” Glenn raised an eyebrow and was quite surprised. As expected from Seth’s disciple, Dustin’s swordsmanship was exceptional.
“Fang Master! Go!” With a quick motion, Glenn summoned the divine sword, Fang Master, from its case. It landed smoothly in his hand.
As Dustin’s blade came at him, Glenn raised his sword in a swift block to guard his vital points.
With a surge of energy, the Celestial Blade collided with Fang Master and sent a jolt through Glenn’s wrist. He was pushed back several steps by the force of the impact.
Just as Dustin prepared to press the attack, six divine swords flew toward him from behind. Three aimed for his upper body, while the remaining three went for his lower half.
If he kept advancing, he would leave himself open. So, he reluctantly abandoned his pursuit as he drew his sword to defend himself. He dodged and blocked while parrying the incoming strikes.
Glenn seized the opening and launched a counterattack. With Fang Master raised high, he leaped into the fray and joined his swords in an all-out assault on Dustin.
###Chapter 2401
Glenn wasn’t just skilled in swordsmanship, but his technique was also flawless. Every strike was unpredictable, relentless, and impossible to block. His attacks came in waves, and each one was stronger than the last.
What made him even more terrifying were the six divine swords that obeyed his every command. They were like extensions of his will.
The swords threw Dustin off balance, attacking from every direction and blocking any chance of escape. They moved in perfect sync with Glenn and left no room for counterattacks.
Dustin had no choice but to dodge and parry. If not for his incredible agility and mastery of the sword, he wouldn’t have lasted more than a few breaths.
Even so, the pressure was overwhelming. It felt like he wasn’t just facing Glenn but six or seven skilled opponents at once. Any slip in focus, or any opening, could be his last.
The real challenge was that Dustin wasn’t gaining any ground. While he had to stay focused on dodging and blocking, he also had to search for an opening to strike back, which made everything even more difficult.
“This is exciting! Their speed and swordsmanship are just on another level. For any sword enthusiast, this is an absolute feast!”
“I have to admit, Dustin’s skill is impressive. Even with Glenn’s seven swords coming at him, he’s still holding his ground.”
“This match is full of suspense. It’s hard to say who’ll come out on top.”
While watching Dustin and Glenn fight in the ring, the audience buzzed with excited chatter.
Some gamblers, especially those with money on the line, couldn’t hide their tension. On the surface, Glenn seemed to have the upper hand, and he pressed his attack steadily. However, he had yet to land a decisive blow.
With the unpredictable nature of the fight, no one could say how it would end.
Most had bet on Glenn, thinking he was the safer choice-high chance of winning, low odds, small profit, but it was still a win nonetheless. If he didn’t win, those gamblers would take a big hit.
“Glenn’s already got Dustin on the ropes with seven swords. Looks like the outcome has been decided.” Alloy narrowed his eyes and watched the
fight thoughtfully.
Fenley didn’t stand a chance against Glenn’s seventh sword earlier, yet Dustin had managed to hold his ground until now.
Still, Glenn had two swords left-the strongest ones. Once those came into play, Alloy was sure Dustin wouldn’t last much longer.
“The two are evenly matched. It’s too early to call a winner, right?” Penelope’s raspy voice cut in.
“Madam Penelope, we both know that once Glenn uses his final two swords, Dustin won’t stand a chance. Why bother holding onto false hope?” He shook his head with a knowing smile.
Despite his differences with the Sword Union, he had his bet placed and naturally wanted Glenn to win.
“True. Glenn does have two more swords, but how do you know Dustin doesn’t have something up his sleeve?” She chuckled darkly. “These young martial artists are beyond what we old ones can predict. Give them a few years, and they’ll eventually take our place.”
Alloy’s smile faltered, and he fell silent. He wasn’t entirely convinced by Penelope’s words, but a nagging feeling wouldn’t leave him. If Dustin had a trick up his sleeve, the match could take an unexpected turn.
On the battle ring, Glenn pressed the attack without pause. With each swing of his Fang Master, afterimages blurred in its wake and struck Dustin.
In contrast, the six other divine swords darted back and forth as they relentlessly pressed in on Dustin. For a moment, he seemed like a lone boat
caught in a violent storm, battered by the relentless barrage of strikes yet refusing to be capsized.
“Elderflame! Go!”
Frustrated by his inability to break Dustin’s defenses, Glenn called upon his eighth divine sword, Elderflame.
A streak of gold light shot into the air and spun before descending like a meteor toward Dustin with unstoppable force.
“ArcMor!”
Dustin’s body tensed as his mystical pure energy surged outward. A giant illusory tortoise materialized and wrapped around him to form a protective barrier. With no room to move and nowhere to dodge, he had no choice but to take the blow head-on.
The golden sword descended and crashed into his protection armor energy.
A deafening explosion shook the ground. The impact sent shockwaves through the protective barrier of the battle ring and caused the blue shield to tremble and flicker like a candle in the wind.
“Hold on, everyone!” Oron shouted.
He and the other three Sacred Wyrm Summit masters channeled their internal energy into the formation to stabilize it.
In the center of the battle ring, Glenn’s Elderflame sword hovered above Dustin. Its sharp tip pressed hard against the protection armor energy around him.
The illusory tortoise surrounding Dustin began to crack, and the fractures spread rapidly across its
surface. At this rate, it was clear his defenses wouldn’t hold much longer.
“Voidreaver!” Glenn quickly pressed his advantage and summoned his ninth divine sword.
It was the Voidreaver, ranked eighth on the Divine Weapon List-stronger even than Dustin’s Celestial Blade, ranked ninth.
The sword flew out of the case and rapidly grew as it ascended. Within moments, it expanded into a massive weapon, over 30 feet long and six feet wide.
It was pitch-black and radiated a menacing energy, as if it had risen from the depths of the underworld. Just a glance was enough to send a chill down anyone’s spine.
“Strike him!” Glenn raised his sword finger and flicked it down with force.
The enormous Voidreaver soared higher before plummeting with a thunderous crash. It came at Dustin like a falling building and was ready to crush him into dust.
###Chapter 2402
“Glenn has unleashed all nine of his divine swords. He’s unstoppable now!”
“The pressure’s overwhelming, and those strikes are deadly!”
“It’s over for Dustin. There’s no way he can survive this!”
As the Voidreaver came crashing down, the spectators held their breath. No one had anticipated the ninth divine sword to pack such devastating power. It was as if it could tear the world apart.
“Dragon Sparrow!” Seeing the tide turn against him, Dustin shouted sharply.
Next, a brilliant purple light shot down from the sky and slammed into the enormous Voidreaver with lightning speed.
The impact was deafening, and the purple light erupted outward. The Voidreaver shattered instantly and revealed its true form beneath. It was sent flying more than 30 feet away.
After sending the Voidreaver tumbling, the purple light kept its momentum. It struck and knocked away several flying swords in its path before hovering in front of Dustin.
It was a divine sword, purple with golden accents.
“Oh my gosh! Is that the Dragon Sparrow sword, ranked second on the Divine Weapon List? Am I seeing this right?”
“It really is the Dragon Sparrow. But wasn’t that the Sword Whisperer Seth’s sword? How the hell is it in Dustin’s hands? Could he be connected to Seth?”
“Seth is dead, and the divine sword needs a worthy master. For Dustin to have earned the sword’s recognition, he’s definitely a natural-born swordsman.”
When the Dragon Sparrow sword made its appearance, the audience went wild. Just moments ago, they had all thought Dustin was a goner, but now they realized he had been holding back a deadly weapon the whole time.
The sword called “Dragon Sparrow” was known to everyone in the audience.
Seth had used it a year ago to break through the Dragon Guard’s defenses with a single strike. The force of that blow had rattled the entire city of Oakvale. 1
Now, with the sword in Dustin’s hands and facing off against Glenn, this match was about to become legendary.
“So, this punk is really Seth’s disciple.”
Alloy narrowed his eyes, and his expression turned serious.
If Dustin had truly inherited Seth’s techniques, and with the Dragon Sparrow in his hands, Alloy knew this match was definitely going to be full of suspense.
“Defeat him, and you’ll have no one left to challenge you,” Cyrus muttered under his breath.
He had already figured out Dustin’s true identity and knew he wouldn’t be easy to beat. But he still had confidence in Glenn. Once Glenn defeated Dustin, the entire martial world would be his for the next century.
“Come on, kid. You’ve got this!”
Penelope’s eyes glimmered. For both personal and professional reasons, she was hoping Dustin would win.
“This just keeps getting more interesting.” Kaden chuckled. The younger generation had certainly surprised them.
On the battle ring, the usually cold and detached Glenn stared at the Dragon Sparrow hovering in front of Dustin with a rare fanaticism flashing in his eyes.
“So, you still have a trick up your sleeve. Dragon Sparrow… such a fine blade.” He couldn’t take his eyes off the sword and hide the admiration on his face.
As a sword enthusiast, Glenn’s obsession was collecting the world’s greatest blades. The more famous swords he owned, the stronger he became.
###Chapter 2403
Glenn now wielded nine legendary swords, but they still paled in comparison to the Dragon Sparrow, a true treasure. If he could get his hands on it, he would consider half his life’s goals accomplished.
“I didn’t want to bring out the Dragon Sparrow. But at this point, I can’t win without it.”
Dustin raised his hand and gripped the Dragon Sparrow firmly. It was the legacy Seth had left him.
Dustin had sworn never to use it unless absolutely necessary, but the pressure Glenn was putting on him was overwhelming. So, he had no choice but to call upon the sword.
“If you care so much about winning this match, how about we make a deal? “Glenn said eagerly. “I can put you on the champion’s throne, but in return, you’ll have to give me the Dragon Sparrow. What do you say?”
Compared to the fame of winning the tournament, the sword was priceless. Giving up the championship meant nothing to him. He wouldn’t hesitate to betray the Sword Union if it meant getting the sword.
“Are you insulting me?” Dustin raised an eyebrow and said coldly, “As fellow swordsmen, what makes you think that a title is worth more than this sword?”
Glenn faltered for a moment, and his gaze sharpened. After a beat, he nodded. “You’re right. I misspoke. Then, let me experience the power of the Dragon Sparrow sword for myself!”
Dustin glanced at the setting sun, and its fiery red glow sank slowly on the horizon. He said lightly, “It’s getting late. Let’s end this with one move.”
“That’s exactly what I had in mind!” Glenn’s expression turned serious.
What had been a warm-up before was now a real life-and-death battle since both sides had revealed their trump cards.
“This strike is called the Draconic Edge. Be careful.” Dustin’s grip tightened around the Dragon Sparrow as he slowly raised it.
In his mind, he replayed the image of Seth’s final swing.
With that strike, the world trembled. The sun and moon lost their light. Mountains were cleaved in two, and rivers were cut asunder. Ultimately, Seth wiped out the entire Dragon Guard
and changed the course of history.
And today, Dustin’s strike wasn’t just about deciding the outcome. It was also a tribute to Seth and a continuation of the Sword Whisperer’s legacy.
“Nin?fold Convergence!” Seeing the change in Dustin’s momentum, Glenn wasted no time.
With a quick flick of his sword finger, nine divine swords shot into the sky and spun rapidly. The beams of light from each sword collided and merged into a massive, shimmering, nine- colored sword.
The sword glowed with swirling light, and waves of lethal energy surged from it like an unstoppable force. The scattered sword energies were so deadly that even the slightest touch would bring certain death.
“Dawnbreaker!” With a thunderous shout, Glenn commanded the nine- colored divine sword to strike Dustin.
In an instant, the sky darkened, and fierce winds began to whip around. The battle ring trembled, and it forced Oron and the other masters to channel their internal energy into the formation to keep it stable.
“Draconic Edge!”
Seeing the massive nine-colored sword descending toward him, Dustin raised his hand and delivered a simple slash. There were no flashy moves-just raw intent-but the effort drained him.
Sweat poured down his face while his hands and legs were trembling. His true energy was drained, and he had no strength left in his body.
A purple sword aura shot forward, moving with calm precision yet unstoppable force as it aimed for the nine-colored sword.
What started as a three-foot-long blade of light grew with every inch it traveled and expanded by three inches. In the blink of an eye, the purple aura stretched over 30 feet and easily outpaced the nine-colored divine sword.
Under everyone’s gaze, the two forces finally collided and filled the air with a deafening crash.
###Chapter 2404
A thunderous boom shook the ground like an earthquake. When the purple sword aura clashed with the nine-colored divine swords, a terrifying energy wave suddenly erupted like a volcanic eruption.
Wherever the waves of energy swept through, the air thundered with an ear- splitting roar, and the space around them seemed to warp.
The once-solid battle ring cracked like brittle glass and shattered into rubble.
Above it, the massive blue protective shield expanded to its limit and trembled violently under the strain.
Cracks spread like spider webs across its surface. It weaved together into a web-like pattern that spread across the entire shield.
“Hold it together!” Oron shouted. He and several other Sacred Wyrm Summit masters frantically channeled their internal energy into the formation.
But no matter how hard they tried, the cracks continued to spread. A moment later, the barrier shattered with a deafening crash.
Oron and several other masters from Sacred Wyrm Summit were blasted back more than ten yards by the shockwave. Before they even hit the ground, they were severely injured, with blood pouring from their mouths and noses.
The remaining shockwave showed no signs of slowing down as it continued to spread outward. Like a raging tide, it quickly swallowed up the crowd.
Those with strong cultivation managed to brace themselves, but the weaker ones were tossed around. They were
knocked off their feet and left bloodied and bruised.
In an instant, the entire scene descended into chaos as screams, curses, and cries for help filled the air.
At Dustin and Glenn’s level, even the slightest ripple from their battle was too much for ordinary people to withstand. In fact, no one had expected such intensity from their clash. It not only obliterated the battle ring but also shattered Sacred Wyrm Summit’s carefully set up defense formation.
Even several martial arts masters from Sacred Wyrm Summit couldn’t withstand it. The destructive power was beyond anything they had ever witnessed.
“Quick! Help the injured!”
At that moment, the match’s outcome no longer mattered. Kaden immediately mobilized his people to treat the wounded.
The other major guilds quickly sprang into action. Faced with a disaster of this magnitude, no one could stand idly by.
Fortunately, most of the audience were martial artists. They were capable of protecting themselves, so there were no casualties.
As for the non-martial artists, there was even less to worry about. Many of them were either wealthy or influential, with experts by their side to protect them.
Under Sacred Wyrm Summit’s leadership and the cooperation of the various guilds, the chaos was quickly brought under control. The injured were either assisted off the stands or
carried away.
The remaining spectators stayed in place with their eyes glued to the center of the ring. Compared to their injuries, they were more curious about who won the match.
The battle ring was now in ruins. What had once been a 100-foot ring was reduced to nothing more than a mound of shattered rubble. Dust and smoke filled the air, blocking the view and making it impossible to see through the wreckage.
A gentle breeze swept through and cleared the smoke to reveal two lone figures standing atop separate piles of rubble.
On the left, Glenn, dressed in black, stood with a cold expression. His breathing was heavy, and blood trickled from the corner of his mouth. Before him, nine divine swords were
embedded in the ground. Their once- dazzling light had faded, leaving them dull and lifeless.
On the right, Dustin stood tall in white. His face was pale and glistening with sweat. The hand gripping his Dragon Sparrow sword trembled slightly. A thin trail of blood dripped from his palm and slid down the blade before falling onto the rubble below.
The two just stared at each other, and neither of them moved.
“What’s going on? Who won?”
“Both are still standing. Could it be a draw?”
The spectators exchanged bewildered glances.
With the battle ring in ruins and the defense formation destroyed, continuing the fight seemed impossible.
At the level of these two ultimate grandmasters, even the residual force of their attacks could annihilate most of those present. A second clash could reduce the audience to nothing more than ash.
“Sage Foyer, how do we handle this situation?” Alloy was caught off guard by the sudden turn of events.
Kaden hesitated, and his expression hardened. He had thought he was fully prepared, with the defense formation and Sacred Wrym Summit’s masters reinforcing it. Under normal circumstances, keeping control of the situation would have been easy.
But he never anticipated that Dustin and Glenn would possess such devastating destructive-power. They had destroyed the battle ring and broken the formation. Now, there was still no clear winner, and he felt that this was starting to get out of hand.
“Given that the ring is destroyed, continuing the match seems pointless. How about declaring it a draw?”
Penelope spoke up suddenly..
Kaden didn’t answer. Instead, he turned to Cyrus and Alloy, asking, ”
What do you think?”
“I have no ion,” Alloy replied with a shrug.
“It’s a shame, but a draw seems fair,” Cyrus said after a moment’s thought.
“Okay. If everyone agrees, then it’s settled.”
Rising to his feet, Kaden amplified his voice with internal energy. “The battle ring has been destroyed, the defense formation is broken, and neither contestant has emerged victorious.
After discussing with all parties, we declare this match a draw!”
###Chapter 2405
“A draw?”
Kaden’s announcement sent the crowd into an uproar. This outcome was unexpected by many.
In martial arts, there was no room for a draw. Once the match started, someone had to come out on top, especially in this highly anticipated championship match. Otherwise, what was the point of fighting if no winner was declared?
And more importantly, what would happen to the bets without a winner? Would the bookmaker take all the wagers?
“Yes! A draw is fine,” Abigail exclaimed, practically jumping with joy.
She had only planned to take some handling fees to enjoy herself. Yet, she hadn’t expected this outcome at all. It seemed like fate was making her rich.
“I wonder if the two contestants are satisfied with this arrangement.” Kaden turned his gaze to Dustin and Glenn.
Both men had pushed themselves to their limits. Their energy reserves were drained; and they had no strength to continue.
The battle ring was destroyed, and the defense formation was shattered. There was no place left for a rematch. So, a draw was the only sensible choice.
“Do you have the strength to swing your sword again?” Glenn didn’t respond to Kaden but instead focused on Dustin.
“I’ve got one more move,” Dustin replied honestly.
That last strike, the Draconic Edge, had drained him of almost all his mystical pure energy. He only had enough
strength for one more move.
“Same here.” Glenn wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth. “It’s hard to accept that it ends here. We’ve fought this long, so there has to be a winner. How about a sword duel without using our internal energy? Let’s see who is better.”
“Sounds great.” Dustin nodded.
Without the battle ring and defense formation, their fight could endanger the bystanders. But if they limited themselves to just using the sword, there was no risk of that.
“We’ll continue to fight. This time, we won’t use internal energy. We’re going to have a sword duel.”
“Sword duel?” Kaden raised an eyebrow. He glanced at the guildmasters of the three major guilds. Seeing no ion, he finally responded, “Sounds good. It’s your call.
The nervous spectators finally let out a collective sigh of relief. If this had ended as a draw, it would’ve been unsatisfactory to everyone.. Even the bettors would lose everything.
This new arrangement, focusing on just using the sword, was the perfect solution-fair, safe, and with a clear outcome.
“Get ready. I’m drawing my sword!” Glenn grabbed the Voidreaver sword from the ground and aimed its tip squarely at Dustin.
Dustin said nothing and raised his Dragon Sparrow sword.
The two men stood still for a second, then launched into action.
Without using internal energy, it was just a raw test of physical strength. Their speed was nothing short of terrifying. They blurred into two
streaks of motion and collided with each other in the ruins.
The sound of metal clashing filled the air, accompanied by sparks flying in every direction.
Their movements were so fast that it was impossible to tell them apart. Even without internal energy, the sheer force of their strikes created ripples in the air like waves of wind.
The spectators, watching from a distance, felt a chill run through them. It was as though standing too close might tear them apart.
After several minutes of fierce fighting, Dustin and Glenn suddenly stopped.
Glenn’s sword had pierced Dustin’s shoulder. The sharp tip had torn through his skin and muscle and was drawing blood.
“Did he win?”
The spectator behind Glenn saw his sword pierce Dustin’s shoulder and assumed he had won.
Some of the bettors were celebrating, while others were lamenting their loss. But those watching Dustin’s side saw something different.
Though his shoulder was impaled, his sword had stabbed deep into Glenn’s chest. With a slight push, it would be a fatal strike. To them, it was clear- Glenn hadn’t won. Dustin had.
In the end, Dustin’s sword mastery had outclassed Glenn’s.
Glenn glanced down at the sword lodged in his chest, and his expression hardened with a swirl of complex emotions. He had always believed his sword mastery was unparalleled, but he never expected to be defeated by Dustin in the end.
Their cultivation levels were evenly matched, but the gap in theit sword mastery was quite big. It only made him realize how much more he needed to improve.
“Thank you for sparing my life. I admit defeat.” Glenn withdrew his Voidreaver and bowed his head.
He wasn’t the type to sulk over defeat, nor did he care about the championship title. His life’s pursuit was to achieve the pinnacle of sword mastery. If he lost, it meant he wasn’t skilled enough or hadn’t put in enough effort-no other excuse.
“Good match.” Dustin bowed his head in return to show his respect. This match hadn’t been easy for him, and it was fair to say it had been dangerous and challenging.
Glenn was simply too strong. He controlled nine flying swords with masterful precision, without a single flaw in his technique.
If they hadn’t agreed to settle the match with a normal sword fight, Dustin wasn’t sure he could’ve won.
“Alas… In the end, it was just one move short of victory.” Cyrus couldn’t help but sigh. When he first heard that the two would settle the match with a duel, a sense of unease crept over him.
Glenn had always focused on mastering his sword aura. While his sword skills were impressive, they hadn’t yet reached their full potential. Against most opponents, they were more than enough. But facing a peerless talent like Dustin, they fell short.
But now, it was too late to change anything. The match had been decided.
The silver lining was that Glenn didn’t seem disheartened. Instead, there was a spark of determination in his eyes- an intensity he hadn’t been there before. That drive would carry him forward from this point on.
Sometimes, failure wasn’t the end. It could ignite the passion that pushed someone to new heights.
###Chapter 2406
“The younger generation truly is taking the lead,” Alloy said, narrowing his eyes. His expression showed a mix of . surprise and delight.
Even though he knew Dustin was Seth’s disciple, he never believed Dustin could defeat Glenn. The outcome was completely unexpected.
He lost his bet, but he wasn’t upset. At the very least, the Sword Union didn’t claim the title. The Celestial Alliance still had a chance to make their move.
The next challenge was figuring out how to recruit Dustin into his guild. Training resources and empty promises wouldn’t be enough, especially with the Sword Union and the Mystic Arts Order also having their sights set on him.
Alloy knew he needed a more creative approach. Then, he thought about Dustin’s close ties with his daughters. He figured a little matchmaking might just tip the scales in his favor.
. “You’ve been holding back all this time, and now you’re finally making waves,” Penelope said, grinning. She was pleased with Dustin’s performance.
Since Abigail was still single, she figured that making Dustin her husband would be a huge asset to the Mystic Arts Order.
Although it didn’t fully align with the guild’s traditions, the rules were set by people and could always be rewritten. After all, times had changed.
“Those with true potential aren’t bound to small places. When the time comes, they’ll rise to greatness.” Kaden sighed.
Before the match ended, no one had predicted that Dustin would win. This dark horse had left everyone stunned.
Seeing Glenn had admitted defeat, Kaden stood and declared, “The match is over. I am proud to announce that this tournament’s champion is Dustin Rhys.”
The spectators erupted in cheers, and applause echoed throughout the venue.
Dustin and Glenn’s extraordinary performance held the audience spellbound. No one had ever witnessed a battle so intense and thrilling. They reduced the arena to rubble and shattered the defensive formation.
Even with their energy completely drained, they delivered a breathtaking display of swordsmanship. For the spectators, risking danger to witness this fight was more than worth it. This was a match they would remember
forever.
“Haha… he did it! Dustin won!”
“My big gamble paid off! I’m rolling in it now!”
. “Damn, what bad luck! I should’ve bet on Dustin to win.”
Some were overjoyed, while others were downcast. The ones who had bet on Dustin were ecstatic, while those who had placed their bets on Glenn sighed in disappointment.
But the small group of gamblers didn’t dampen the mood of the majority. The atmosphere was still electric, and Dustin’s name echoed throughout the venue.
After the tournament ended, it was time to award the prizes. The top three contestants would receive rewards.
First up was third-place winner Abigail, followed by second-place Glenn. Both received rare and priceless treasures. The rewards were valuable additions to the Sword Union and the Mystic Arts Order.
As for the champion, Dustin didn’t receive his prize right away. Instead, Kaden personally escorted him into the Sacred Wyrm Summit manor.
It had been announced earlier that the winner would receive the Sage’s secret treasure, but the exact nature of the prize remained a mystery.
Dustin had already guessed that the secret treasure was likely related to the Dracan essence. That was the very reason he had entered the Combat Tournament in the first place.
After leaving the venue, Dustin followed Kaden through several doors before finally entering the inner
sanctum.
“After that intense match, you should rest for a while. I’ve got something urgent to take care of. I’ll be back soon, “Kaden said.
“Someone, bring tea for our guest!” He led Dustin to a seat and instructed someone to bring tea and snacks before leaving.
By the time dusk settled in, everything at Sacred Wyrm Summit was running as smoothly as always, with its usual calm order. Since Dustin was already there and wasn’t in a hurry, he decided to relax. He sipped his tea and waited quietly.
It wasn’t until nightfall that Kaden finally returned. But this time, he wasn’t alone.
A tall, elderly man accompanied him.
He had a round face, a full head of
white hair, and a portly build. His cheerful, welcoming expression made him appear friendly. Yet, Kaden was entirely deferential in the presence of the elderly man.
Upon seeing the elderly man, Dustin’s expression changed. He quickly rose and bowed his head. “Greetings, Ancient Sage. I’m Dustin Rhys.”
Indeed, this unassuming, elderly man with a round face was none other than the legendary figure who had reigned supreme in the martial world for years -Arion Foyer.
“Don’t be so tense, kid. Take a seat.” Arion chuckled and lightly patted Dustin’s shoulder with none of the usual superiority expected from an elder.
Dustin nodded and took a seat as instructed. Although he had anticipated this moment, seeing Arion
in person was an entirely different experience.
Arion might have looked ordinary at first glance, but his presence was as deep and limitless as the ocean. The . greater his cultivation, the more suffocating his energy felt to Dustin.
It wasn’t something Arion deliberately projected, but rather the overwhelming sensation of being utterly insignificant in the face of such power. Even with Dustin’s own cultivation, standing before Arion made him feel small, like an ant.
“You take a seat, too.” Arion gestured for the tense Kaden to sit beside him.
“Kid, congratulations on winning the championship. On top of your standard reward, you can ask Sacred Wyrm Summit for one favor.
“As long as it doesn’t go against martial world ethics and is within our power, we’ll do everything possible to make it happen,” Arion said: He eased his bulky frame into the chair and smiled warmly.
Dustin’s eyes lit up at the offer.
The prestige of Sacred Wyrm Summit was unquestionable, and now Arion was offering Dustin a personal favor. This alone could drive other factions mad with envy, as it was worth far more than any mere treasure.
Still, Dustin hadn’t figured out what to ask yet. After thinking briefly, he replied, “Ancient Sage, I haven’t really thought it through. Can I save it for later?”
“Of course.” Arion chuckled. “But don’t wait too long. What if I drop dead one day and can’t fulfill my promise?”
“Ancient Sage, stop joking. You’ll live to be 100,” Dustin quickly replied.
“100?” Arion raised an eyebrow and laughed even harder. “You’re funny, kid.”
Noticing the odd look on Kaden’s face, Dustin suddenly realized his mistake.
Arion was nearly 200 years old.
Dustin’s words could either be taken as a blessing or a curse. He quickly understood he had misspoken.
###Chapter 2407
“I’m sorry, Ancient Sage. I misspoke earlier.” Dustin apologized with an awkward expression.
“It’s okay. I’m not bothered by it.”
Arion laughed heartily. He then waved at Kaden. “Bring out his reward.”
“Of course,” Kaden replied, then retrieved a jade box and placed it on the table beside Dustin.
“Go ahead and open it.” Arion smiled and motioned for Dustin to look inside.
Dustin nodded and carefully opened the box with both hands. Inside, he found three translucent orbs-one gold, one red, and one green.
Each orb glowed faintly, and inside, a small snake of the same color slithered.
Their movements were graceful and almost alive.
“Dracan essence!” Dustin’s eye? widened in surprise.
He had encountered Dracan essence before and immediately recognized the orbs. But what surprised him was that Sacred Wyrm Summit had not one, but three of them. It made him wonder what kind of treasure-filled land this was.
“Well, how do you like the reward?” Arion asked with a smile.
“Ancient Sage, how did you know this is exactly what I needed?” Dustin couldn’t hide his surprise.
“My mentor’s foresight is unmatched.
The trends of the world never escape his keen eyes,” Kaden said proudly.
“Ancient Sage, I have nothing but respect for you,” Dustin said with a respectful salute.
Sometimes, things did come when one least expected them. He hadn’t expected to receive the Dracan essence so effortlessly, much less three at once. With four of the five Dracan essences already in his possession, he just
needed to find the remaining one.
“Don’t get too ahead of yourself,”
Arion said with a smile.
He continued, “The Dracan essence will shape the fate of the world, and it will draw the attention of countless forces eager to seize it.
“Now that it’s in your hands, it’s both a blessing and a burden. You’ll have to think carefully about whether you’re ready to take on such a heavy responsibility.”
“I was entrusted with this task and will carry it out loyally. The Dracan essence is mine to protect, and I’ll do whatever it takes to safeguard it,” Dustin replied
seriously.
“Good. A true Dragonmarsh man should have that kind of spirit.” Arion nodded with approval.
“Ancient Sage, you’ve given me such a generous gift. I have some news to share with you in return.” Dustin suddenly changed the subject.
“Oh? Do tell.” Arion raised an eyebrow.
“The Hall of Gods from Streuquan has sent experts to infiltrate Sacred Wyrm Summit. Their target is the Forbidden Ground. I’m not sure if they’re after the Dracan essence or have other intentions,” Dustin said truthfully.
“The Hall of Gods?” Arion narrowed his eyes but kept his smile. “They’ve got some nerve trying to target Sacred Wyrm Summit.”
“They’re well-prepared. We can’t “Dustin afford to let our guard down,” replied.
“Kaden, take care of this. Anyone who dares to trespass in the Forbidden Ground-kill them.” Arion smiled, though his words carried a deadly edge.
“Understood!” Kaden responded and turned to leave.
There had been too many intruders around Sacred Wyrm Summit lately. It was time to put an end to it.
“Kid, do you want to know what’s hidden in the Forbidden Ground?” Arion asked suddenly.
“Well… isn’t that something I’m not supposed to know?” Dustin was unsure of Arion’s intentions.
“It’s not a huge secret, so I don’t mind telling you,” Arion said, taking a sip from his cup.
He smiled and continued, ”
Dragonmarsh has grown stronger because it’s been riding a wave of success that’s hard to stop. There are three key factors that shape a country’s success-timing, geography, and harmony.
“By ‘timing,’ I mean the kind of cosmic forces tied to the universe’s natural laws. It’s complicated, and I haven’t fully grasped it myself, so I won’t go into it.
“On the other hand, geography refers to the land-its mountains, rivers, and resources. What truly influences all of this is the Dracan force hidden deep underground. The strength of this force determines whether a nation thrives or falters.”
He went on, “Harmony is tied to the rulers of Dragonmarsh and those with special destinies.
“Alaric Drakon, the Chief Guildmaster of the Dragon Guard, once ruled Dragonmarsh. He took control of the royal Dracan force and used it for his own greedy, cruel purposes. He betrayed his loyal subjects and sowed fear throughout the kingdom.
“Your mentor, Seth, stepped in and risked his life to stop him. With a single strike, he killed Alaric and wiped out the Dragon Guard. He freed the Dracan force, and it began to flow freely again. That was an act of true righteousness, and I have nothing but respect for him.”
Hearing this, Dustin’s gaze darkened briefly before he composed himself. “I understand what you’re saying. But what does this have to do with the Forbidden Ground at Sacred Wyrm Summit?”
“Truth be told, there is more than one Dracan force in Dragonmarsh.” Arion smiled knowingly. “Aren’t you curious
why Sacred Wyrm Summit has three Dracan essences? What do you think draws them here?”
“You mean there’s another Dracan force hidden beneath the Forbidden Ground?” Dustin quickly caught on.
“That’s right.” Arion nodded. “That’s why I’ve remained here all these years without leaving. My duty is to safeguard the Dracan force. It doesn’t just secure the fate of Sacred Wyrm Summit, but it’s also connected to the fate of all Dragonmarsh.”
Realization dawned on Dustin. “No wonder… Even after the royal Dracan force was destroyed, Dragonmarsh didn’t collapse into chaos. The one beneath Sacred Wyrm Summit still anchors the country’s fate.”
“Exactly. Thanks to the Dracan force, I’ve reached my current level of cultivation and managed to survive this
long.” Arion openly revealed the secret without any hesitation.
By guarding the Dracan force, he had sustained himself. Its power pushed his cultivation to unprecedented heights and earned everyone’s reverence.
“Then, why are you telling me this, Ancient Sage? What does it have to do with me?” Dustin asked tentatively.
Arion’s smile deepened. “You’re sharp. The truth is that age catches up with everyone. I’m almost 200 years old, and my time is running out. I can’t protect the Dracan force much longer.”
He continued, “Before my time is up, I need a successor. And you’re the perfect candidate.”
###Chapter 2408
“Me?” Dustin froze momentarily, then quickly waved his hands to indicate his refusal. “Ancient Sage, you’ve got to be kidding. I’m not qualified to guard the Dracan force. You’d better find someone else.”
He knew taking on such a monumental responsibility was out of the question. Guarding the Dracan Force wasn’t like watching over someone’s garden. A single mistake could endanger not only Sacred Wyrm Summit but all of Dragonmarsh. The pressure was simply overwhelming.
“Don’t be so quick to refuse,” Arion said with a smile.
He continued, “Guarding the Dracan force has its perks. For one, it’s a spiritual entity. If you can connect with it, your cultivation will soar, and your lifespan will extend dramatically. With its power behind you, you’ll be
unbeatable. No one in the world could stand in your way.”
Arion wasn’t exaggerating. Being recognized by the Dracan force as its guardian granted access to its vast energy and created a resonance with the natural order. It was what people called the realm of terrestrial immortals.
If Alaric had fought Seth a year ago near the Dragon Guard, the outcome of that battle might have been entirely different.
“To be honest, I’m not cut out for responsibilities like that. I’ve always preferred a more carefree life. As for advancing my cultivation or extending my lifespan, I’m really not that interested,” Dustin declined.
With great power came great responsibility, and that was a burden he wasn’t willing to shoulder. He
valued his freedom and didn’t want to be tied down.
Agreeing to guard the Dracan force would be like putting himself in a cage. He wasn’t ready for that kind of sacrifice, nor was he the type to give up everything for others.
“Don’t worry about it. If you’re really not interested, I won’t push you. But if you change your mind, come find me anytime.” Arion smiled.
The Combat Tournament had been meant to choose a guardian for the Dracan force, but ultimately, it all came down to personal choice.
Since Dustin had declined, Arion wasn’t going to press the matter. Some things were just a matter of timing- everything would fall into place when the right moment arrived.
“Thank you for understanding, Ancient Sage.” Dustin let out a quiet sigh of relief. He had been genuinely worried that his refusal might provoke Arion into taking back the three Dracan essences.
But clearly, someone of Arion’s caliber, who had long transcended worldly concerns, wouldn’t stoop to threats or coercion-that would be beneath him.
“Well, if you’re not busy, stay here tonight. I’ve got some things to take care of, so I’ll head out.” After a brief chat, Arion finally got up and left.
“Farewell, Ancient Sage.” Dustin immediately lowered his head in respect.
Once Arion had left, Dustin finally relaxed. Despite Arion’s friendly demeanor and lack of overt superiority or intimidation, an invisible pressure had kept Dustin on edge. It made him
cautious, even in his breathing.
As expected, the world’s only terrestrial immortal was far from ordinary, no matter how unassuming he seemed on the surface.
After securing the Dracan essence, Dustin decided to leave. He’d already given Sacred Wyrm Summit a heads- up, so he was confident they would be ready even if the Hall of Gods were up to something.
To be safe, he still planned to reach out to Hank and see if any other ploys from the Hall of Gods were in motion.
When Dustin returned to the tavern after leaving Sacred Wyrm Summit, he found Grace waiting for him. She even arranged a feast and invited several friends to the celebration.
Alicia, Aurora, Crystal, Ruby, Dalen, Miles, and the others were gathered. Though they all came from different guilds, they were united for one purpose – to celebrate Dustin’s victory.
..”Congratulations, Dustin! You’ve stunned everyone with your performance and claimed the championship.” Dalen was the first to congratulate.
“You were incredible today, Dustin. I’m in awe of your skills!” Crystal’s face glowed with admiration.
“I never expected you to be this strong. From now on, the martial world will remember your name,” Ruby said with a smile. 1
“Of course! Dustin is now the rightful number one on the Legendary List. Even Glenn was defeated-who else could challenge him now?” Miles flattered him.
“Thanks, but it was just luck. Come on, everyone. Please sit down. Tonight’s on me. Let’s enjoy a good meal and drink together.” Dustin smiled and greeted everyone in turn before motioning for them to sit.
“Dustin, you’re now the champion of the Combat Tournament. Since you’ve also joined us as an honorary consultant for the Celestial Alliance, I hope you’ll look out for me in the future.” Alicia smiled radiantly. Her beauty, coupled with her captivating charm, made her all the more alluring.
“Dr. Rhys, do you accept disciples? I’d like to become one.” Aurora was more direct as she tried to bridge the distance between them.
Both sisters had already spoken with Alloy and knew Dustin’s true identity. According to their father, they were expected to do whatever it took to recruit him-even if it meant offering themselves.
A handsome man with unmatched skill and limitless potential, Dustin was the perfect match for them. Now, it was up to them to see if they had what it took to recruit him into the Celestial Alliance.
###Chapter 2409
“Ms. Aurora, don’t make fun of me. The Celestial Alliance is full of experts- there’s no way someone like me could take on a disciple,” Dustin declined with a smile. “Of course, we’re friends. If you ever want to talk about martial arts, just reach out.”
“Alright then, if I ever need advice, you’d better not turn me down,” Aurora said with a playful wink.
She was just asking to see how he would respond. After all, she wasn’t serious about wanting to become his disciple. It was more of a way to get closer to him, and now that she had an excuse to ask for his guidance, she was satisfied.
Once everyone was seated, the conversation flowed easily. They drank and talked about anything and everything.
The two Marshall sisters exchanged flirtatious glances across the table, a gesture that even the most oblivious observer couldn’t miss.
However, Dustin kept a polite smile on his face. He either ignored their advances or skillfully deflected them.
He knew exactly what they were after. With his recent victory and growing fame, the Celestial Alliance would likely try to recruit him.
Becoming the Celestial Alliance’s honorary consultant was still an outsider position. There was no strong bond between him and the guild. However, if he became an elder-or married one of the Marshall sisters- his status would change completely.
But Dustin wasn’t interested in any of that. He’d only agreed to the honorary position because of Grace. Joining the Celestial Alliance, however, was out of
the question. He wasn’t about to become just another pawn in someone else’s game.
After the feast, everyone finally left.
Dustin watched them go before returning to his room. He placed the jade box with the Dracan essence on the table.
A moment later, a figure slipped through the window. It was so quiet that it was almost impossible to notice. When the figure stopped, it revealed a woman in blue with delicate features. It was Grace after using the Face- Changing Art.
“You’re here? Take a seat.” He poured two cups of tea and pushed one toward her. He had already hinted at their private meeting during the feast.
“Thank you.” She smiled, and her gaze fell on the jade box. “Is this the reward from Sacred Wyrm Summit?”
“Yes. Want to take a guess?” Dustin was thinking of testing her again.
“It looks so mysterious. Could it be the Dracan essence?” Grace raised an eyebrow.
“Wow, you’re sharp. I can never get anything past you.” Dustin was genuinely impressed.
He had been surprised when she guessed the enhanced serum from the Hall of Gods before. But now, she had immediately identified the Dracan essence in the jade box. It was clear she was no ordinary woman.
“This isn’t anything special. We both know that Sacred Wyrm Summit’s Forbidden Ground has many rare treasures. It was only a matter of time
before the Dracan essence showed up.”
Grace smiled faintly.
She continued, “And Arion has an uncanny ability to predict things. With a little insight, he probably figured out your identity and intentions. By offering you the Dracan essence as part of the championship prize, he kills two birds with one stone.”
“You’re so smart. Go ahead and open it. “Dustin raised his chin slightly toward the box.
Grace didn’t hesitate and quickly opened the jade box. But when she saw what was inside, her expression froze in shock.
“Wait… am I seeing this right? Three Dracan essences?” Her eyes widened in disbelief.
She had expected that his reward might be Dracan essence, but she never imagined there would be three. It was almost too unbelievable.
What kind of place was Sacred Wyrm Summit, anyway? How could it attract three Dracan essences?
“What do you think? Surprised? Didn’t see that coming?” Dustin said with a smirk. “I had the same reaction when I first saw all three.”
“This… this is unbelievable!” Grace’s eyes sparkled with excitement.
The rush of happiness came so suddenly that she almost couldn’t process it. With four out of the five Dracan Essences in her hands, she only needed one more to restore the nation’s glory. The progress had been so fast, and it was almost too good to be true.
“All that is left is the fifth Dracan essence. The future looks promising.” Dustin stretched, letting out a contented sigh. With the mission nearly complete, he felt a weight lift off his shoulders.
“I’m deeply grateful for what you’ve done. If you hadn’t won the championship, who knows when we’ll get our hands on these Dracan essences.
“Grace looked grateful.
“Don’t mention it. You’ve helped me before. I’m just returning the favor,” he replied with a casual shrug.
“By the way, I’m curious. Why is there so much Dracan essence gathering here? Is there a hidden secret in the Forbidden Ground of Sacred Wyrm Summit?” Grace changed the subject.
“You’re right.” Dustin’s expression turned serious. “The Ancient Sage told me a secret. Beneath the Forbidden
Ground of Sacred Wyrm Summit, there’s a Dracan force. That’s what’s drawing all this Dracan essence here.”
“Dracan force?” Grace’s eyes widened in shock. “Are you sure about this?”
“Ancient Sage said it himself, so it’s probably true.” Dustin nodded.
“No wonder the royal Dracan force was destroyed, and the country remained stable. It turns out there’s another Dracan force beneath Sacred Wyrm Summit, carrying the fate of the nation, ” she said.
She seemed to connect the dots, her expression suddenly clear. “I get it now! I know what the Hall of Gods is planning. Their goal is to use this Combat Tournament as a cover to destroy the Dracan force beneath Sacred Wyrm Summit and steal the fate of Dragonmarsh.”
At that moment, Dustin’s ears seemed to hear something. He quickly lowered his voice and said, “Someone’s coming.
You’d better hide now.”
###Chapter 2410
“Someone is coming. You should hide now.” Dustin’s sharp senses picked up the faint shuffle of footsteps outside the door.
The movement was quiet and deliberate. It was definitely someone skilled.
“Got it.” Grace nodded and quickly gathered the Dracan essences before slipping out the window. She was gone in seconds and vanished without a trace.
Barely three seconds after she left, there was a knock at the door.
“Who is it?” Dustin asked.
“It’s me, Hank.”
A familiar voice called from the other side.
Dustin got up and opened the door. He greeted him with a smile. “Hello, Mr. Styles. Come on in.”
For Hank to show up at this hour meant the Hall of Gods was about to take action.
“Dustin, congratulations on winning the championship. I wanted to offer my congratulations in person.” Hank entered the room and showered Dustin with praise. “I watched your match today, and it was incredible. Defeating Glenn was a pleasant surprise. I knew I wasn’t wrong about you.”
“If it weren’t for your enhanced serum, I never would’ve been able to defeat him,” Dustin replied humbly.
Hank laughed heartily. “Now you see the perks of joining the Hall of Gods, huh?”
He smiled and continued, “With us backing you, fame and fortune are practically guaranteed. Keep doing your part. You’ll enjoy endless wealth and glory for the rest of your life.”
“Of course.” Dustin nodded with a smile.
“Okay. Let’s skip the small talk and get to the point.”
Hank shut the door and windows.
Then, he set up a soundproof barrier before continuing, “I’m here with a mission for you. The God King has decided to launch a surprise attack on Sacred Wyrm Summit tonight.
“You’ve been chosen to lead a squad of elite fighters. Your job is to infiltrate the Forbidden Ground and steal the treasure.”
Given Dustin’s skill, it made sense that he would be leading this mission.
“Infiltrating the Forbidden Ground?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. “I’ve heard it’s full of dangers and guarded by powerful experts. I’m not sure I’m up for the task.”
. “Don’t worry. You’re not alone on this mission. Two other elite squads will be working with you,” Hank replied seriously. “Your job is to deal with the experts inside the forbidden ground. We’ll handle the people outside and ensure your safety.”
“If that’s the case, then there’s no problem. But what exactly are we after?
“Dustin asked curiously.
“You’ll know once you’re inside the forbidden ground,” Hank said with a mysterious smile.
“You still can’t tell me?” Dustin feigned frustration.
“It’s not that I’m not telling you, but I don’t even know myself. The God King has everything planned out. All we need to do is follow orders and complete the mission. As for the rest, it’s best not to ask too many questions. It’s just how things work around here, Dustin. I hope you understand,” Hank said.
“Understood. I’ll do as instructed.” Dustin nodded.
“It’s getting late. Come with me so you can meet your team and get to know them better,” Hank said with a smile.
“Sure. Lead the way, Mr. Styles,” Dustin replied courteously.
Hank didn’t say another word as he led Dustin out quietly. The two moved like shadows through the darkness. In less than ten minutes, they arrived at a secluded courtyard where they had gathered previously.
After entering the gates, they headed to the meeting hall, where Dustin noticed more than a dozen people had already gathered inside.
He recognized most of them from previous encounters. There was the drunkard Wein Sage dressed like a beggar and Garrett, one of the infamous Cosmos Demons, known for his ruthless killings. The rest were all fully developed divine-level martial artists.
Among them, Garrett had a history with Dustin. They had nearly clashed once.
“Alright, everyone. Now that everyone’s here, let me make the introductions.”
Hank scanned the room before gesturing toward Dustin. He smiled and said, “This is Mr. Rhys. Some of you may already be familiar with him. From now on, he’ll be your team leader. He will lead tonight’s mission. Got it?”
Before anyone could respond, Zayne, a young man with dreadlocks, scoffed. ”
Mr. Styles, are you serious? This punk looks like he’s just out of high school.
How is he supposed to lead us?
Honestly, I think someone like Mr. Mason or Mr. Lent would be a better fit.
Garrett’s face immediately darkened.
Without a word, he slapped Zayne across the face. “Shut your mouth, bastard!” he shouted.
Zayne staggered back and held his cheek in disbelief. “W-Why’d you hit me, Mr. Mason?”
He had been trying to butter Garrett up, so why had he been slapped? Did he take the wrong approach?
“Are you blind? This is Mr. Rhys-he’s the champion of today’s Combat Tournament and a true ultimate grandmaster. If he’s not qualified to lead us, who the hell is?” Garrett spat as he raged.
He had watched the final of the Combat Tournament and hadn’t expected Dustin-someone who had clashed with him before-to be so strong. Dustin had taken down two top-tier geniuses and claimed the championship.
When Garrett first saw Dustin earlier, he kept his head down and was worried that Dustin might still hold a grudge. But Zayne, oblivious to the situation, had dragged him into trouble. What an idiot.
“What? He’s Dustin Rhys?” Zayne’s eyes widened in fear.
He hadn’t been to the tournament but knew Dustin’s name and impressive record. As the memory of his harsh words hit him, fear took over, and his legs wobbled. His face turned pale as he began apologizing frantically.
It wasn’t that his earlier approach was wrong, but he had hit a wall. He finally realized he was in deep trouble now.
###Chapter 2411
“M-Mr. Rhys, I’m truly sorry. I was wrong earlier. Please don’t hold it against me, and forgive me this once.” After a moment of stunned silence, Zayne quickly apologized, with sweat beading on his forehead. He knew Dustin was an ultimate grandmaster who could instantly end his life.
“Don’t do it again.” Dustin shot him a cold glare but didn’t take the opportunity to strike.
In his eyes, these people had already sealed their fate by colluding with the Hall of Gods and infiltrating Sacred Wrym Summit. It was just a matter of when they would die.
“Of course, Mr. Rhys. Thank you for your mercy.” Zayne nodded repeatedly. His face was a mixture of relief and gratitude.
It was clear that if not for Dustin’s magnanimity, today could have been his last. He had learned a hard lesson in humility-never blindly flatter or misread the situation, or death would come soon enough.
“I’ll cut it short. We all have the same goal here. As long as we work together, I’m confident we’ll succeed in tonight’s mission,” Dustin said as his eyes swept across the room.
Everyone who met his eyes nodded in agreement except for Willard.
He had been drinking absentmindedly from the start. He was utterly indifferent to everything around him and seemed lost in his world.
Dustin had a favorable impression of Willard. He didn’t seem like the type to follow the Hall of Gods blindly. After all, Willard stopped Garrett when he had tried to attack Dustin previously. If things went south tonight, Dustin wouldn’t hesitate to protect Willard.
“Alright, everyone. Take a moment to rest and recharge. Once the time is right, we’ll move out together,” Hank said. “I’ve got something to handle, so I’ll be excusing myself for now.” He gave a quick nod to the group before leaving.
With two hours before midnight, there was plenty of time to prepare.
After leaving the secluded courtyard, Hank moved quickly. He crossed mountains and ridges until he arrived at the Hall of Gods’ temporary command center.
This base was less than ten miles from Sacred Wrym Summit and was situated in a remote location. Surrounded by both visible and hidden guards, no one could approach unnoticed. Even Hank had to show his credentials to gain access.
Inside the command center, the meeting hall was already packed with people.
At the forefront stood Bailey, accompanied by the Hall of Gods’ top- tier elites from around the world.
Among them were Bloodbeast Willem, the Sword Sage from Kimboku, Anthony Alessandro, and the three deadliest assassins from Eskus- Vanzan, Shyvan, and Noir-along with Batuul, the Fist Sage from Alabastria.
They were ultimate grandmasters- some of the most powerful figures internationally. Everyone had gathered with one goal-to infiltrate Sacred Wrym Summit, steal their rare treasures, and destroy the Dracan force.
In addition to these ultimate grandmasters, the Hall of Gods had sent over a dozen grandmasters of godly rank to oversee the mission, along with a team of several hundred highly skilled death warriors.
In short, the Hall of Gods had mobilized all its resources to ensure this mission’s success. Failure wasn’t an option.
Once the main forces were assembled, Bailey waved his hand, and a group of attendants entered the meeting hall with a crafted box.
“Everyone, this is the latest enhanced serum developed by the Hall of Gods. Each of you will receive two bottles. After taking it, your strength will increase dramatically. Feel free to try it, “Bailey announced loudly.
As the box opened, two vials-one red, one blue-were revealed.
Without hesitation, the god-level experts of the Hall of Gods picked up the vials and drank them before everyone as a declaration of trust and to prove the serum was safe.
“I’ve heard much about the Hall of Gods ‘ enhanced serum. I’ll be the first to try it.” Anthony didn’t hesitate for a second. Without any doubt, he examined the vials and then downed them in one go.
Almost immediately, a rush of heat spread through his body, and his heart pounded faster as energy coursed through him. His physical strength was significantly enhanced, and his internal energy became more solid and intense.
“This is a great treasure. Thank you, Grizz Lord, for the serum.” Anthony bowed deeply to Bailey in gratitude.
“Please, Mr. Alessandro, there’s no need for such formalities. We are allies. It’s only natural that we help each other.” Bailey chuckled. “If you’re willing, we can even establish a long- term partnership. As for the enhanced serum, the Hall of Gods can provide as much as you need.”
“That would be wonderful. I look forward to our cooperation.” Anthony’s face lit up.
He was well aware of the enhanced serum’s side effects-it needed to be taken once a year, or the effects would wear off.
However, if he could secure a long- term partnership with the Hall of Gods, the serum would be supplied without issue, and he wouldn’t have to worry about running out.
“Is it really that good? Let me try it, too. “Willem flashed a wicked grin before suddenly opening his mouth. He quickly downed red and a blue liquid in one go.
The moment the enhanced serum hit his system, his pale face flushed with color, and a bloodthirsty gleam flashed in his eerie eyes.
“As expected from the Hall of Gods, this serum feels incredible.” Willem couldn’t help but laugh out loud. With the serum’s boost, he felt stronger than ever.
After seeing Anthony and Willem drink the serum, the others exchanged glances and, without hesitation, drank the vials as well.
The entire hall was filled with expressions of awe.
###Chapter 2412
After taking the enhanced serum, everyone became increasingly worked up. Their strength skyrocketed, and their thirst for battle was off the charts.
The atmosphere in the room was electric.
“Is this the Hall of Gods’ enhanced serum? This stuff is amazing.”
“I can already feel the power flowing through me. I’m itching for a fight.”
“Those worthless Dragonmarsh martial artists-tonight, I’ll ensure they’re wiped out completely.”
“Since you have such a treasure, why didn’t you bring it out sooner? How much of this serum do you have left? I’ll buy it all.” Willem’s voice was full of swagger.
“These are premium S-class serums. They’re extremely rare and reserved only for the higher-ups. We don’t sell them to outsiders. What I can offer you are A-class serums. But, if you’re interested, I could send you a batch for free,” Bailey replied generously.
“In that case, I won’t hold back.”
Willem laughed heartily.
Getting something for free was always the best deal. Whether for personal use or resale, it was an opportunity too good to pass up.
“Mr. Grizz Lord, you can’t be too biased. Our people in Eskus are also quite interested in this enhanced serum,” Vanzan chimed in.
“Don’t worry. Once the mission is a success, the Hall of Gods will reward you generously. You won’t be left empty -handed,” Bailey promised.
At these words, everyone couldn’t help but smile with satisfaction. Though they were allies, they were still working for the Hall of Gods. Without a reward, they wouldn’t be all that eager to continue. Fortunately, Bailey had promised that there would be a hefty reward if the mission succeeded.
“Alright, it’s almost time. Let’s proceed as planned,” Bailey said with authority.
“Got it!” Everyone nodded and quickly dispersed.
The elites from each nation led their respective teams. Their ives were clear-some were assigned to create distractions, others to lay ambushes or assassinate. Everyone had a role but would also support each other as needed.
The Hall of Gods had been planning this operation for a long time and ensured every detail was set for perfect execution.
In addition to the main forces, many external personnel were brought in to assist. Of course, they were little more than expendable pawns meant to draw enemy attention.
Once the main forces had left, Bailey stayed behind with Hank.
“How are the arrangements on your side?” Bailey asked.
“Mr. Bailey, Dustin, and his team are ready and waiting.” Hank lowered his head.
“Dustin has outstanding talent and endless potential. If he devotes himself to the Hall of Gods, he’s definitely worth investing in.” Bailey suddenly changed his tone. “But his background is unclear, and we can’t trust him completely yet. Keep an eye on him, and be cautious.”
“Don’t worry. He has already taken my specially formulated poison. His life is in my hands. If he makes any move that goes against us, he’ll have no way out. He’s smart and won’t risk his life,”
Hank replied.
“Either way, keep a close eye on him. If he’s trustworthy, put him to good use. If not, kill him before he becomes a problem.” Bailey’s eyes flashed with cold intent.
Dustin had great potential. By the time he was 30, he had already reached the level of ultimate grandmaster, with limitless potential ahead of him. If he had pledged his loyalty to the Hall of Gods, he could be an invaluable asset. Otherwise, he would have been a serious threat to them.
“Understood.” Hank nodded firmly. He didn’t fully trust Dustin either. He was simply relying on the fact that Dustin had taken the poison, which gave him leverage over him. After all, no one would risk their life knowingly.
A massive fire suddenly broke out on Sacred Wyrm Summit in the dead of night. The flames were intense and quickly spread from the mountain’s base and raced upward. The bright blaze sliced through the darkness as thick smoke billowed into the sky.
Chaos quickly unfolded on the summit.
Disciples scrambled to put out the fire, and some martial artists who hadn’t left yet jumped in to help. No one had expected something like this to happen on the heavily guarded Sacred Wyrm Summit.
As the people of Sacred Wyrm Summit scrambled to extinguish the flames, the forces from the Hall of Gods began to move silently.
One after another, assassination teams targeted the summit’s top martial artists. Some infiltrated the main hall, causing havoc, smashing everything in their path, and killing anyone they encountered.
In response, Sacred Wyrm Summit sounded the emergency bell and activated the mountain’s defensive formation.
Experts from all corners of the summit rushed to the main hall, whether in the field or seclusion, to stop the invaders.
Even the guards at the forbidden grounds had to leave their posts to lend a hand.
The summit was soon overwhelmed by chaos, with the air thick with the sounds of battle.
Despite Kaden’s preparations, the scale of the attack still caught him by surprise. The Hall of Gods had sent too many invaders, and Sacred Wyrm Summit’s forces were too few to hold them off.
Left with no choice, Kaden sent a distress signal and hoped the major guilds would send reinforcements to relieve the pressure.
While Sacred Wyrm Summit’s experts were busy fighting fires, several elite teams from the Hall of Gods quietly infiltrated the summit’s forbidden grounds.
###Chapter 2413
When the fire broke out on Sacred Wyrm Summit, Dustin received the order to launch the attack. He immediately led a team to infiltrate the Forbidden Ground as planned.
With the Hall of Gods’ large-scale invasion in full swing, the summit was in chaos, with people scrambling to extinguish the fire. This left the Forbidden Ground unprotected, as most regular guards had been reassigned. Only the mountain itself stood alone and was isolated in its stillness.
Still, he didn’t underestimate the Sacred Wyrm Summit’s defenses. Even without guards, the Forbidden Ground wasn’t a place anyone could simply enter. After all, the summit was known for having the most powerful enchantment circle in the martial world.
When Dustin and his team reached the back mountain, they discovered that two other teams had already arrived ahead of them.
These groups, hired by the Hall of Gods, were primarily composed of shady individuals. While their ethics were questionable, their strength was unquestionable.
To keep their identities hidden, everyone on the mission wore masks. Dustin’s team donned red demon masks, while the other two wore black and white masks.
Alongside the masks, each person wore a distinctive emblem representing the Hall of Gods, which was used to distinguish allies from enemies.
The leader of the black-mask team was a burly man with two heavy, thunderous purple-gold hammers strapped to his waist. His fierce gaze and commanding presence left no doubt he was not a pushover.
The leader of the white-mask team was a hunched, elderly man with gray hair and gnarled hands. He coughed occasionally, appearing frail and on the brink of collapse. Yet, the deference shown by his team revealed he was no ordinary figure.
“Mr. Sadrick, another team has arrived. How about we let them go in first?”
Danny Gallagher, the burly man in a black mask, leaned in and whispered to Marcell Sadrick, the hunched elderly man.
The two had met before and shared a bit of camaraderie. Their earlier scouting had revealed that the Forbidden Ground was packed with deadly enchantment circles.
Without an expert to navigate them, entering would be a death sentence. As they hesitated over whether to proceed, Dustin and his team arrived. Danny quickly decided they’d make perfect scouts for the path ahead.
“Good idea. Let the kid lead the way,” Marcell nodded approvingly.
The phrase “better him than me” couldn’t have been more fitting. While they technically shared the same goal and could be called allies in a loose sense, when danger loomed, allies were little more than disposable tools.
“Hey, man! You’re finally here. We’ve been waiting for you.” Danny dropped his cold demeanor and greeted Dustin with a welcoming grin like they were old friends.
“You were waiting for me?” Dustin glanced around before responding calmly.
“Of course!” Danny flashed a wide grin.
“We were sent to back you up for the treasure hunt. No time to waste. Go in, and we’ll cover you from back here.”
“I appreciate all the trouble you’re going through.” Dustin nodded slightly without rejecting their help.
“Not at all. We’re allies. No need to be so formal,” Danny said warmly, though he smirked inwardly.
He had thought it might take some convincing, but he never imagined Dustin would be naive enough to agree without hesitation.
“Stay close, and don’t fall behind,” Dustin ordered as he turned and led the way into the mountains.
With keen eyes, he quickly realized the area was filled with enchantment circles. He knew what Danny was up to -trying to use him as a pawn to clear the way.
But Danny had underestimated him and the Sacred Wrym Summit Forbidden Ground’s enchantment circles.
As they entered the Forbidden Ground, a dense fog suddenly rolled in and appeared out of nowhere. No matter how hard they tried to clear it with palm winds, it would quickly gather again.
The fog completely shrouded their surroundings and erased all sense of direction. Visibility dropped to no more than ten feet, so it was impossible to tell which direction they were heading.
Even more frightening was that the fog seemed to block all sensory perception. Even the loudest shouts barely reached 30 feet, as the sound was muffled to an eerie silence.
“This dense fog is strange. Could it be some kind of enchantment circle?” one of them said.
Another added, “I can’t tell which way we’re going anymore. Are we going to be stuck here?”
Someone else said, “The Forbidden Ground is just as dangerous as a dragon’s den or a tiger’s lair. Stay sharp, and don’t fall behind!”
They had been walking for a while but still couldn’t find a way out of the thick fog. Tension was building among the group.
Anyone with any sense could tell something was wrong. The dense fog was part of a maze. They might be stuck here forever if they didn’t figure out how to escape soon.
Behind Dustin, Danny and Marcell also entered the enchantment circle with their team. At first, they planned to let Dustin lead so they could benefit from his efforts without taking risks.
But as soon as they entered the fog, they were completely disoriented. The fog clouded their vision and disrupted their senses.
They couldn’t even tell which way they were going. Before they knew it, they had fallen behind, and Dustin’s team was nowhere to be seen.
Now, they were stuck, with no clue which direction to take.
###Chapter 2414
“Mr. Sadrick, we’re trapped in this enchantment circle. What should we do now?” Danny looked around frantically, but he couldn’t make sense of the direction.
He had thought that following Dustin would keep them safe, especially with someone ahead scouting the path. But as soon as they entered the Forbidden Ground, the thick fog blocked their vision, and they lost track of everyone.
“Don’t panic. Just keep moving forward, and we’ll get out of here.”
Marcell’s gaze scanned the ground.
There was only one path. The faint footprints left by Dustin and the others would be their guide. As long as they followed the trail, they should be able to catch up with the others.
“Stay close, everyone! Don’t fall behind, or you’ll face the consequences!
“Danny shouted at the group.
Everyone responded and tightened up their formation. At this critical moment, falling behind could mean running straight into danger.
Under Marcell’s lead, the two groups merged and started moving forward. Everyone was on high alert with their hands resting on their weapons. Their eyes darted around, and were wary that a monster might appear out of nowhere.
After following the footprints for about half an hour, Marcell felt uneasy. The footprints were still there, but something about them felt oddly familiar-like they had been there before.
According to their pace, they should have exited the fog by now, but they hadn’t. Were they trapped?
Marcell frowned and marked the ground before continuing forward as anxiety gnawed at him. Half an hour later, he suddenly stopped. He saw the mark he had just made and realized they had returned to the starting point.
The realization hit him like a cold wave, and panic began to set in. He was sure he had been moving forward the entire time without any turns or backtracking. If that was the case, there was no reason they should be back where they started.
Was something messing with his senses? Or was the entire environment changing?
“Mr. Sadrick, this doesn’t look good.” Danny noticed the markings, and his expression immediately darkened.
They had been walking in circles for a while and were really starting to run into trouble.
“This maze won’t be a problem. I have a plan,” Marcell said confidently.
He pulled a small black bottle from his pocket and opened it. Two black- winged insects flew out and landed gently in his palm.
“Mr. Sadrick, what are these?” Danny asked, intrigued.
“They’re my specially bred spysects. They’re trained to track treasures. As long as something valuable is nearby, they’ll sense quickly. Just follow them, and we’ll get out of here,” Marcell explained.
“Wow, those are some amazing treasures!” Danny tried to flatter him.
But in his head, he grumbled, “If you had these spysects, why didn’t you use them sooner? We’ve wasted over an hour walking in circles.”
“Go ahead and lead us!” Marcell raised his hand. The two spysects flew off and vanished into the fog in the blink of an eye.
“Mr. Sadrick, they’re gone!” Danny blinked in surprise.
The spysects vanished so quickly, so how were they supposed to follow?
“Don’t worry. Let them fly for a bit. Just follow me.” Marcell walked forward without a care.
The spysects had a special bond with him. He could sense their location within a ten-mile radius, so he wasn’t worried about losing track of them.
The group followed Marcell and were relieved they didn’t get lost this time. After about half an hour, the fog began to clear, and the landscape slowly came into view.
Soon, they arrived at the base of a large mountain. In the distance ahead, they saw the entrance to the Sacred Wyrm Summit’s Forbidden Ground, guarded by two heavy bronze gates. Getting through wouldn’t be easy.
“Haha… We’re out! We made it!”
“As expected of Mr. Sadrick! You’re amazing!”
“With Mr. Sadrick leading, this mission will be a success!”
The whole team erupted in cheers as they emerged from the fog. The oppressive feeling of being trapped was lifted and was replaced by a wave of relief.
Being stuck in the fog for so long had been depressing. But thanks to Marcell’s experience and the spysect’s help, they had finally found their way out. It seemed they had chosen the right leader after all.
“Mr. Sadrick, it looks like we’re the only ones who made it out. The other team is still stuck inside.” Danny glanced around but didn’t see Dustin or the others.
“Well, they’re just unlucky. You don’t expect me to go back and rescue them, do you?” Marcell said indifferently.
“Of course not.” Danny chuckled. “I’d rather they stay lost in there. The fewer people to compete with for the treasure, the better for us.”
“Well said.” Marcell nodded approvingly. “Once we get the treasure, we’ll split it 50-50. The wealth of Sacred Wrym Summit is worth centuries of riches. If we pull this off, we’ll never need to work again.”
“Looks like we’re about to get rich!” Danny laughed heartily.
“Don’t get too ahead of yourself. We still have to get through that door before we can start hunting for treasure.” Marcell pointed to the large bronze gate ahead.
“Relax, Mr. Sadrick. Leave it to me!” Danny thumped his chest confidently. ” It’s just a door, right? Watch me bust it down with one punch.”
He removed his jacket to display his muscular arms and strode toward the door.
The bronze door towered 20 feet high and spanned 16 feet wide. It was filled with ancient, mystical symbols.
Danny took his stance, drew a deep breath, and swung his fist at the door. ” Open up!”
###Chapter 2415
“Open up!” Danny roared as he slammed his fist into the bronze door.
A surge of internal energy exploded from his body.
The door shook with a deafening boom, and dust scattered, but nothing unusual happened. The symbols on its surface flickered briefly before fading.
“Hmm?” Danny froze as he stared at the undamaged door in disbelief.
With his natural strength and the power his techniques granted him, he had expected the bronze door to shatter easily. But what he saw before him completely defied his expectations.
The murmurs behind him only added to his unease. He had boasted so confidently about smashing the door open, yet it hadn’t budged an inch. His face flushed with embarrassment.
“I don’t believe it!” Danny took a deep breath and channeled all his internal energy into his fists before striking the bronze door again.
Another loud crash echoed as the bronze door trembled, and the dust fell off. The mysterious symbols on the door glowed once more. Like before, the door remained intact, but his fist was numb from the impact.
Marcell frowned at the sight. He had expected Danny to be a formidable ally, but now it seemed he couldn’t even break a door.
“What’s wrong with Mr. Gallagher? Did he forget to eat? His punch was weak.”
“They say Danny’s got godlike strength, but from what I’m seeing, it doesn’t look so impressive.”
The two teams started murmuring among themselves and questioned Danny’s abilities. In their line of work, strength was everything.
Choosing Danny as the leader of this mission for the Hall of Gods had been a vote of confidence in his abilities. But now, with two failed attempts at breaking the door, they were starting to lose faith.
“Damn it! I’m going to break this door down today!”
Seeing that the bronze door still hadn’t moved, Danny’s rage boiled over, and his fists began to rain down like a storm. With every punch, the door’s symbols would light up.
He pummeled the door with over a hundred blows and unleashed all his internal energy in a raw show of strength. But no matter how hard he struck, the door remained intact.
Breathing heavily and covered in sweat, Danny’s frustration reached a boiling point. How could he ever face his men again if he couldn’t even break down a door?
He had used every trick in the book. He had given it his all, and now he was out of options. It was clear-this bronze door couldn’t be broken through with brute force.
Just when he was about to give up, the door suddenly trembled. The mysterious symbols on it lit up and swirled like tadpoles in every direction. What had been a jumbled mess of symbols quickly rearranged itself into a clear image of a hexagram.
With a loud rumble, the heavy bronze door slowly opened and parted in the middle.
Danny paused for a a moment, then broke into a wide grin. Turning to the group behind him, he shouted, “It’s open! The door’s open! I busted it down!”
“Holy crap! Mr. Gallagher, you’re awesome!”
The others lit up with excitement at the sight.
Even Marcell, who had been frowning moments ago, finally cracked a smile. It seemed Danny wasn’t entirely useless after all. It had taken some effort, but he’d gotten the job done.
“I thought this door was supposed to be indestructible. Guess I proved them wrong, didn’t I?” Danny laughed triumphantly.
But before he could bask in his victory, something unexpected happened. A bolt of purple lightning shot out from behind the door and struck his chest.
The sound echoed like an explosion. Danny was flung backward as if hit by a freight train. He tumbled over ten yards before slamming to the ground. Even then, he skidded a few more feet before stopping.
Everyone stood frozen and was stunned by the sudden turn of events.
When they looked at Danny, they saw his body scorched black. His chest was a gruesome mess of burned flesh and blood, and he twitched uncontrollably on the ground as if a bolt of lightning had struck him.
“Stormcraft?” Marcell frowned. His expression turned grim as his sharp gaze swept toward the bronze door.
When the door finally opened, an elderly man dressed in tattered gray robes stepped out. His disheveled hair and gaunt, skeletal frame gave him the look of a beggar.
But the energy waves radiating from him were anything but ordinary-it was monstrous, almost divine, and overwhelming in its intensity.
Even a glance was enough to make ordinary martial artists tremble, and their souls trembled with fear. It felt less like an elderly man approaching and more like a primordial beast stalking its prey.
“Who dares cause trouble on Sacred Wyrm Summit?” the gray-robed elder demanded coldly.
His voice wasn’t loud, but each word struck like a thunderclap and crashed down on everyone present. The group felt paralyzed instantly, and their bodies trembled uncontrollably as cold sweat ran down their backs.
This gray-robed elder was too powerful. The pressure emanating from him was so oppressive that they didn’t even dare to think of resisting.
“Greetings, sir. I’m Marcell Sadrick.” Marcell quickly greeted him respectfully.
He had known someone formidable guarded the forbidden ground of Sacred Wyrm Summit. However, he had come prepared, so he wasn’t afraid.
“Marcell Sadrick? Never heard of you. Take your people and leave before I lose my patience,” the gray-robed elder said indifferently.
“Calm down, sir. I’ve come to borrow something.” Marcell faced the situation with calm assurance.
“Hm? Borrow something?” The gray- robed elder’s face remained neutral.
“Your life,” Marcell said with a grin. With a flick of his hand, he released a series of poisoned needles aimed (directly at the gray-robed elder’s vital points.
###Chapter 2416
The poisoned needles zipped through the air with blinding speed. They were impossible to avoid, and each was aimed directly at vital points. One hit meant certain death.
“Hmph! What a simple parlor trick.” The gray-robed elder, Aven Foyer, stood motionless.
A sudden burst of golden light flared around him. The needles struck the light but bounced away, which left him completely unharmed.
“Glow Incantation?” Marcell seemed to have expected this. He smirked but didn’t stop attacking.
With a quick motion, his hands moved in rapid succession. A new wave of poison needles poured out like a torrential storm and swept toward Aven.
“Get him!” Marcell shouted as he signaled his men to attack.
He knew well that the guardian of Sacred Wyrm Summit’s forbidden ground wasn’t someone he could take down alone. So, he had no choice but to overwhelm Aven with numbers.
“Kill him!”
Without hesitation, the two groups of men drew their weapons and charged toward Aven in a coordinated assault. Poisonous insects, deadly toxins, throwing darts, and hidden weapons rained down on him.
They weren’t just after the money they wanted the rare treasures hidden in the Forbidden Ground. Rumor had it that finding those treasures would set them up for life. They would never have to worry about food or money for generations.
Blinded by greed, these desperados threw caution to the wind. To achieve their goal, they were willing to use any means necessary.
“You asking for a death wish?” Aven’s eyes narrowed as he watched the assassins charging at him, and his patience snapped.
Without a moment’s hesitation, he thrust both palms forward. Two bolts of purple lightning shot out and struck down the first few assassins.
These men met an even grislier fate than Danny. Their skin was charred black, and their flesh was mangled beyond recognition. By the time their bodies hit the ground, they were already dead.
Aven’s mastery of Stormcraft was on a level far beyond Oron’s. It was something no ordinary martial artist could withstand.
He showed no mercy as his hands unleashed one deadly strike after another. Bolts of lightning struck the attackers in rapid succession. The air crackled with thunder, mixed with their agonized screams and disparate shouts.
None of their defenses-energy armor or divine artifacts-were effective against Aven’s Stormcraft. Anyone hit by the lightning was as good as dead. Their counterattacks also had no effect on his Glow Incantation.
Aven stood at the entrance to the Forbidden Ground like a grim reaper.
Anyone who dared to approach would be met with a fatal strike of Stormcraft.
In just a few minutes, more than half of the assassins were wiped out. Their charred bodies littered the ground, and the stench of burning flesh lingered in the air.
The remaining assassins were paralyzed with fear and were too terrified to advance. Aven’s strength was far beyond anything they could have imagined. Their weapons and techniques were useless against him, while every strike of his Stormcraft claimed another life.
Faced with such overwhelming power, they hesitated, their greed replaced by fear. Though they craved the treasure, their instincts to survive had kicked in.
They might have risked their lives to fight if there had been a slim chance of victory. But in this situation, with no path to success, they were just like lambs for slaughter.
Seeing the hesitation in the group, Marcell immediately fired them up.
“What’s everyone waiting for? All of you-charge together! He’s almost out of energy. If we hold on a little longer, we can win this. Once we take him down, all the treasure inside is ours.”
The group exchanged uncertain glances and looked hesitant.
“Don’t forget that we all took the poison. If we don’t finish this mission, we’ll die.” With a menacing look, Marcell growled, “Do you want to die like cowards from the poison, or will you fight for your lives?”
The moment those words were spoken, their expressions hardened with determination. Before the mission, they had all taken the special poison from the Hall of Gods. Only by completing their mission would they be able to get the antidote.
If they backed down or tried to run, they would be dead either way. So, risking their lives was better than dying without a fight. At least if they died, their families would be taken care of, and they wouldn’t have to worry about them.
Follow my lead, and let’s take him down together!” With a roar, Marcell charged toward Aven.
Among the two groups, Marcell was the strongest and most respected. Seeing his fearless charge, the others picked up their weapons again and resolved to fight.
“You’re charging straight into your doom.” Aven remained cold and merciless as he unleashed Stormcraft relentlessly.
Each bolt of purple lightning struck down the assassins with overwhelming force. Soon, bodies piled up, and the screams slowly faded. In just a few minutes, both groups had been wiped out,
Marcell was the only one left standing, though he now looked far more disheveled than before.
“Your men are dead. Surrender now, and I’ll spare your life,” Aven said coldly.
He could tell Marcell was skilled, and his movements were unpredictable. More than once, Aven’s Stormcraft had missed him.
“Surrender?” Marcell’s face twisted with a sinister grin. “You still don’t get it, do you? If those people hadn’t died, I wouldn’t stand a chance against you. But now that they’re dead, you’ve just given me the perfect opportunity to kill you.”
“Kill me? You really think you can take me down?” Aven said impassively.
“I forgot to tell you that I practice the Soul Abyss Technique. The more people die, the stronger I get. Their resentment feeds me, and now you’ll learn what despair feels like.”
Suddenly, Marcell opened his mouth wide and inhaled sharply. Black mist surged from the bodies around him and rushed into his mouth and nose. In the next moment, his body transformed.
###Chapter 2417
The once frail Marcell began to undergo a rapid transformation. His muscles and bones grew at an astonishing pace. In the blink of an eye, his height jumped from five feet three inches to nearly six feet, and he kept growing.
His once skeletal frame rapidly filled with dense muscle, and his skin stretched taut as if it might tear. His hunched back straightened, and his entire frame became incredibly imposing.
Within just a few seconds, Marcell had transformed into a completely different person. Standing close to six feet five inches, his muscles bulged, his eyes burned with bloodlust, and he radiated a terrifying presence. If he had once been a frail wildcat, now he was a ruthless tiger.
At that instant, Marcell was surrounded by swirling dark energy. His face twisted into a menacing and bloodthirsty expression. He looked like a demon straight out of hell.
“It is so delicious.” Marcell licked his lips after absorbing the surrounding death energy and resentment.
The Soul Abyss Technique was his ultimate trump card, which he rarely used. Each time he used it, his lifespan was shortened. But this time, he had no choice.
After consuming the death energy around him, this technique temporarily boosted his strength. Now, he was at the level of an Ultimate Grandmaster. Although the effect would only last half an hour, it was more than enough to deal with Aven.
“Such an evil technique! You must be eradicated!” Aven’s expression hardened as he stared at Marcell’s new form; his murderous intent was unmistakable
He was well aware of the Soul Abyss Technique-an evil martial art technique that thrived on human sacrifice to boost its power. The more lives taken around its wielder, the stronger they became.
Years ago, a notorious villain used this technique and wreaked havoc in the martial world. Only when Aven’s senior, Arion, intervened was the villain finally killed.
Now that Aven was facing the successor of this dark technique, he had no intention of showing mercy.
“You think you can kill me? Let’s see if you have what it takes.” Marcell grinned wickedly.
“Stormcraft!” Without hesitation, Aven raised his hand and unleashed a blast of purple lightning aimed at Marcell’s chest.
Marcell didn’t flinch. Instead, he threw a punch, and the surrounding death energy condensed into a black spear that collided with the lightning in a massive explosion.
The purple lightning fizzled out, and the spear shattered on impact. Neither of them gained the upper hand from the exchange.
“Hmm?” Aven frowned in surprise.
Stormcraft was supposed to counter dark arts like the Soul Abyss Technique. Unexpectedly, it had no effect.
“What’s wrong? Are you surprised?” Marcell grinned wickedly.
He continued, “I’ll be honest with you. After Arion killed my mentor, I’ve been preparing for this day. I’ve already improved the Soul Abyss Technique, so your Stormcraft won’t work on me. Today, I’ll avenge my master and wipe out your Sacred Wrym Summit.”
With that, his body exploded into three black skulls, which darted toward Aven from different directions. Each skull radiated intense death energy and moved unpredictably, which was nearly impossible to track.
Aven didn’t dare to take chances and clapped three times. Three bolts of purple lightning shot toward the skulls.
But the skulls swerved just before the lightning struck and narrowly avoided the bolts. They then slammed into Aven’s Glow Incantation. The impact caused the three skulls to explode and released torrents of black death energy that engulfed Aven.
Soon, an eerie sight unfolded.
The once indestructible golden light began to sizzle as the surrounding death energy corroded it. Green smoke began to rise as the golden light was slowly consumed.
Aven’s heart missed a beat at the sight.
He hadn’t expected the Soul Abyss Technique to counter his Glow Incantation. He could feel the death energy seeping through the golden light. If it reached his body, he knew the Soul Abyss Technique would drain his life force.
“Sanctuary Seal!” Aven shouted and tossed three golden talismans into the air.
The talismans spun rapidly above his head and formed a formation that transformed into a massive golden bell.
“Down!” Aven formed hand seals to direct the bell downward.
The bell crashed down, dispelled the surrounding death energy, and created a second layer of protection around him. But the dark energy didn’t back down. It relentlessly battered the golden bell and tried to break through.
“Spin!”
Aven quickly formed another hand seal, and the golden bell spun faster. The black death energy was sucked into the bell’s vortex.
The bell spun faster and rose into the air. The death energy inside the vortex struggled to escape but was trapped.
“Seal!” Aven formed hand seals again.
The golden bell rapidly shrank and became the size of a fist. He then attached a Divine Talisman to the bell’s bottom to seal the death energy inside.
The bell dropped to the ground, and everything fell silent.
Marcell and the black death energy had disappeared as they were sealed within the golden bell.
Once the dust settled, Aven let out a sigh of relief.
Anyone capable of practicing the Soul Abyss Technique was no ordinary person. Fortunately, he had the Divine Talisman to counter it. Otherwise, defeating Marcell would have been a real challenge.
“Return!” Aven waved his hand, and the golden bell floated back into his hand.
But just as he relaxed, the bell suddenly exploded. Black death energy, like a swarm of demonic spirits, surged out and flooded into Aven’s body through every orifice.
His face turned pale as he realized it was already too late to stop it.
###Chapter 2418
When the black death energy entered his body, Aven felt as if his entire being was being ripped apart. The pain was unbearable, as though a swarm of venomous insects was gnawing at him from the inside. It wasn’t just his body that suffered, but his soul was being torn apart as well.
“Curse you! Get out of my body!” he roared in fury as he tried to force the black death energy out of his system.
The death energy seemed to have burrowed deep into his bones. It was invasive and siphoned away his life force with every passing second. Even his internal energy was being drained to feed it. If this continued, he would be completely drained in less than three minutes.
“Won’t leave, huh? Fine. We’ll die together!” Aven’s anger boiled over, and he went all out in his attack.
He raised his hand, and dozens of Divine Talismans shot into the air to form a formation above his head. As it spun, a massive black thundercloud began to take shape. Lightning flashed, and thunder rumbled with terrifying power.
This was a demonic-banishing formation based on Stormcraft. Its power far surpassed that of a simple palm thunderstrike.
“Stormfall!” Aven formed a hand seal with one hand and pointed at himself.
From the roiling storm clouds above, a bolt of purple lightning, as thick as a man’s arm, struck him directly. His clothes disintegrated in an instant, and his skin was charred.
Aven looked drained, as if every last ounce of energy had been sucked from him. He collapsed to his knees, and his body trembled uncontrollably.
The dark energy that had coursed through him was mostly obliterated by the lightning. He hadn’t been bluffing – he had been ready to sacrifice his life to take Marcell down with him.
“Again… Stormfall!” Aven formed another hand seal and pointed at himself.
The storm clouds above rumbled again, and arcs of purple lightning began converging above him.
The sight sent the remnants of the dark energy inside Aven into a panic. They surged out of him in a desperate escape. The energy coalesced outside of him, slowly reshaping itself, and eventually reformed into Marcell’s figure.
But compared to earlier, Marcell now looked utterly battered. His face was deathly pale, his frail body trembling, and blood streamed from his nose and mouth. The severity of his injuries was undeniable.
“You… you’re insane! Are you trying to get yourself killed?” Marcell’s face twisted in terror as he stared at the storm clouds swirling above him.
He never expected Aven to use such a reckless, self-destructive method drawing the purple lightning directly into his own body without regard for his safety.
It was a reckless, self-destructive move that would harm both sides. In a strange turn of events, it had disrupted Marcell’s Soul Abyss Technique.
Marcell couldn’t deny that the last strike had nearly taken his life and weakened him to the point where his cultivation was reset to nothing. If he were struck by the lightning again, he would be finished.
“Abomination! I’ll gladly sacrifice myself to take you down with me.” Aven clenched his teeth and formed another hand seal with his trembling hands.
Marcell’s eyes widened in fear as he saw the purple lightning ready to strike again. With his current state, he knew he couldn’t survive another hit. If the lightning struck, he would be blown to pieces.
“Sir, please spare me! I’ll leave right now. I swear I won’t come back.” Marcell screamed in terror as he begged for mercy. At that instant, he was utterly terrified.
Just as the purple lightning was about to strike, Aven suddenly trembled. He suddenly spat out a mouthful of black blood and collapsed to the ground. He was drenched in sweat, and his breath was weak and shallow.
Above him, the storm clouds rumbled briefly before falling silent.
Marcell froze for a moment before realizing what had happened. From the looks of it, Aven was in much worse shape than he was and couldn’t control the purple lightning anymore.
He suddenly broke into maniacal laughter, and his expression turned arrogant. “Filthy monk, I thought you were tough, but you’re just all talk.
“Weren’t you so cocky before? Didn’t you want to go down together? Come on. Show me another strike of that purple lightning. Let’s see if you still have it in you.”
“You…” Aven struggled to his feet, but he coughed up another mouthful of blood.
Channeling the purple lightning into his own body had been a desperate, self -destructive act. His injuries were too severe now. He could barely stand, let alone form any more formations.
Still, Marcell wasn’t in much better shape. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have begged for mercy just a moment ago.
“You think you’re getting out of this?
My reinforcements will be here soon, and then you’ll meet your end!” Marcell sneered.
He was severely injured and knew better than to rush in. If he made a move too soon, Aven might strike back in desperation. That was a risk he wasn’t willing to take. Now, all he had to do was wait for backup to ensure his victory.
“Are you waiting for me?”
A cold voice rang out from behind them.
Both turned to see a tall figure emerge from the thick fog. The newcomer wore a mask and looked calm and collected, with a gaze that seemed to pierce through everything. It was Dustin.
“Haha… Filthy monk! My reinforcements have arrived. Let’s see how you’re going to escape now.”
When he saw Dustin, Marcell’s face lit up with glee. He had thought Dustin was trapped in the fog, but to his surprise, he had emerged. It was a welcome surprise.
“Brat, we’re on the same side here. You’d better help me take down this filthy monk.” Marcell pointed at Aven with a fierce look. “Once he’s dead, all the treasures in the Forbidden Ground are ours.”
Upon hearing that, Aven’s face paled again. He hadn’t expected Marcell to have reinforcements. This time, he was doomed.
Seeing that Dustin hadn’t moved, Marcell assumed he was hesitating, so he quickly explained, “Brat, don’t worry. He’s already worn out, so he can’t fight back. You can take him out easily.”
“Why would I kill him?” Dustin suddenly asked.
“Huh?” Marcell was taken aback. The question threw him for a loop. He thought, “If he wasn’t going to kill that filthy monk, is he supposed to kill me instead?”
###Chapter 2419
Though Marcell was momentarily stunned, he still explained patiently, ” This man is the guardian of the Forbidden Ground. If we kill him, we’ll be able to take the treasure.”
He was gravely wounded and had to rely on Dustin to deal with Aven, so he needed to be persuasive.
“We can talk about the treasure later. Right now, it’s time to settle some old scores.” Dustin stretched out his hand, and the long sword on the ground shot up into his grasp.
“Settle old scores? What are you talking about?” Marcell blinked in confusion, especially when he saw the sword in Dustin’s hand. A feeling of unease spread through him.
“You and that big guy planned to use me as bait. Then, you sent me into the fog to clear the way for you,” Dustin said flatly. “Did you really think I didn’t hear that? Since you want to harm me, don’t blame me for being ruthless.”
“What… What are you going to do?” Marcell panicked. “We’re both working for the Hall of Gods. There’s no need for this kind of betrayal. If this mission fails, we both die. You should calm down.”
“Who said I’m with the Hall of Gods?”
Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“If you’re not one of their people, why do you have their emblem?” Marcell pressed.
“Are you curious? Go ask Death himself. “Dustin raised his sword without a second thought. He had no hesitation in killing someone like Marcell, who betrayed others for his own gain.
“I’ll take you down!” Seeing Dustin about to strike, Marcell gritted his teeth. He was willing to risk it all and used the Soul Abyss Technique again.
A torrent of dark energy erupted from his body, which twisted like deadly tendrils and shot toward Dustin.
Since Dustin wasn’t protected by the Glow Incantation, if the energy entered his body, Marcell could drain his life force while replenishing his own.
If it failed, the backlash from using the Soul Abyss Technique would be devastating. Even if Marcell survived, he would be crippled. But he didn’t care anymore; it was a do-or-die situation.
“Soul Abyss Technique? That’s just a cheap trick.” Dustin sneered. He didn’t even bother to defend himself and struck with his sword in one fluid motion.
The sword aura shot forward like a crescent moon and cut through the dark energy with an overwhelming force that shattered it effortlessly.
Without hesitation, Dustin swung his sword again. The scorching sword aura consumed the remaining dark energy without leaving anything behind.
His mystical pure energy naturally countered the dark energy. With his unmatched cultivation, handling those energies was child’s play.
As the last remnants of the dark energy dissipated, only Marcell’s bones remained-his flesh and blood completely gone and wiped from existence.
That was the backlash effect of the Soul Abyss Technique. Though it could drain other’s life force, the consequences were severe. One wrong move, and the user could lose everything.
“You think you can escape? Die!”
Dustin’s gaze flickered over the bones on the ground. Without mercy, he slashed with his sword again and cut through them.
The bones shattered and turned to dust instantly, accompanied by Marcell’s desperate scream. Even though only bones remained, a sliver of his soul still lingered within.
If Dustin hadn’t noticed, Marcell could have used that remaining soul fragment to possess another body and return to life. That was one of the tricks of the Soul Abyss Technique. Unfortunately for Marcell, despite his clever plan, he couldn’t hide from Dustin’s keen senses.
Dustin had read about the Soul Abyss Technique in an ancient manuscript and understood its characteristics. He wasn’t about to let Marcell have a second chance.
“Sir, looks like you’re gravely injured.” After dealing with Marcell, Dustin turned his gaze to Aven.
After having had most of his life force drained by the Soul Abyss Technique, Aven was on the brink of collapse. He had no strength left for a fight. If he didn’t get some tablets to restore his vitality soon, his end would come much sooner than expected.
“Who are you?” Aven frowned and looked at him warily.
Though Dustin had killed Marcell, Aven saw it as nothing more than a petty squabble-like dogs fighting over scraps.
“Don’t worry. I mean you no harm.” Dustin pulled out a tablet and tossed it toward Aven. “Your injuries have drained your internal energy. You need to heal quickly. From now on, I’ll guard the Forbidden Ground.”
Dustin already knew there was a Dracan force hidden below. As someone from Dragonmarsh, he couldn’t let the Hall of Gods succeed, whether for personal or professional reasons.
With Aven severely wounded and no reinforcements from Sacred Wyrm Summit on the way, it fell to him to take over guarding the Forbidden Ground for the time being.
“Hm?” Aven eyed the healing tablet in his hand, and a deep frown formed as he hesitated. He didn’t know Dustin’s background, so he didn’t trust his words.
“Don’t worry, sir. This isn’t poison.” Noticing Aven’s hesitation, Dustin said solemnly, “You can barely move right now. If I wanted you dead, it’d be as easy as breathing. There’s no point in dragging this out. You should focus on healing, just in case.”
After a brief pause, Aven finally took the tablet. He didn’t have the strength to resist. If Dustin truly wanted to harm him, he could do nothing. He figured Dustin was probably someone sent by Sacred Wyrm Summit.
“Sir, someone’s coming. Be careful!” Dustin heard something, and he turned to scan the surroundings.
Through the fog, a group of people was slowly emerging.
###Chapter 2420
The people who emerged from the fog wore masks that hid their faces, but each had the Hall of Gods emblem on their bodies. Among them was a small group led by Dustin.
After sensing a battle nearby, Dustin had deliberately left his team behind to investigate alone. He hadn’t expected another group to lead them out of the fog formation.
“What’s going on? Why are there so many bodies scattered around?”
“Looks like they ran into a strong enemy. Stay sharp, everyone!”
The sight of scattered corpses put everyone on edge. Their eyes darted between Dustin and Aven.
“Dustin, what are you doing here alone? “The leader of the group recognized him immediately.
The Hall of Gods had recruited several teams, each marked by different colored masks, with team leaders wearing a distinctive emblem.
“Hank?” Dustin narrowed his eyes as he recognized the voice.
“What happened here?” Hank asked tentatively.
“I don’t know. I just stepped out of the fog formation.” Dustin shook his head.
“Really?” Hank eyed him skeptically. ” Then, why did you leave your team behind and come here alone?”
“The formation was confusing, and I got lost,” Dustin explained.
“But that’s not what your team said, ” Hank countered.
“Oh? And what did they say?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“They think you ditched them on purpose and left them trapped in the formation,” Hank said bluntly.
“That’s just one side of the story.”
Dustin smiled faintly. “I’m sure you don’t believe that, right?”
“Of course not. I trust you, Dustin.”
Hank’s tone was warmer, but it quickly shifted to something colder. “But to clear up any doubts, I think you should prove your loyalty.”
“How do I prove that?” Dustin asked.
“That elderly man must be the guardian of the forbidden ground.”
Hank pointed at Aven. “He looks badly wounded. Why don’t you show your loyalty by finishing him off?” He believed actions spoke louder than words.
“I’m a man of mercy, not a killer. I’ll pass,” Dustin replied impassively.
“If you won’t kill him, how can I trust you?” Hank’s smile faded.
“I can’t help it if you don’t trust me.” Dustin shrugged.
“Looks like you’re not one of us after all.” Hank’s eyes narrowed, and his right hand instinctively moved to the hilt of his sword. Bailey had warned him before, but he hadn’t taken it seriously. Now, Dustin’s defiance made him start to wonder.
“Since you’ve figured it out, there’s no point hiding it.” Dustin shrugged again. “I’m not with the Hall of Gods. We’re on opposite sides. Since you plan to invade Sacred Wrmy Summit, I’m here to stop you.”
Hank’s expression darkened. “Dustin, have you forgotten you’ve taken my specially crafted poison? Without the antidote, you won’t last three days. Aren’t you afraid of dying?”
“Of course I am. But sorry to disappoint, your poison doesn’t work on me,” Dustin replied with a smirk.
“You neutralized my poison? That’s impossible!” Hank frowned.
His poison had never failed before, not even to antidote masters. That was why he was so certain Dustin wouldn’t betray him.
“If your poison worked, do you think I’d still be here talking to you?” Dustin shot back.
Hank fell silent. If Dustin had been poisoned, he wouldn’t dare act so boldly against the Hall of Gods. The fact that he stood there, calm and unaffected, meant the poison had failed, and that left Hank baffled.
“So, you’ve decided to oppose us?”
Hank’s eyes flickered with cold fury.
“Cut the chatter. If you want to enter the Sacred Wyrm Summit, you’ll have to go through me first.” Dustin slowly raised his sword with the tip aimed at Hank.
“Fine! Since you’ve made your choice, don’t expect mercy from me,” Hank growled with a chilling glare. “Listen up, everyone! Whoever kills him will get double the reward!”
The crowd behind him murmured excitedly. Knuckles cracked as their eyes gleamed with greedy anticipation. The chance to earn a fortune by killing Dustin was far more appealing than the danger of infiltrating the forbidden grounds of Sacred Wyrm Summit.
“You dare to oppose the Hall of Gods? Today’s your last day, punk!”
A burly man with a broadsword couldn’t wait any longer. Eager to be the first to claim glory, he charged at Dustin like a predator, and his speed was almost blinding.
“Let’s kill him!”
The others weren’t about to be left behind. Everyone drew their weapons and charged forward in a frenzied, unstoppable wave.
After all, these were ruthless assassins. The promise of a double reward made murder an easy choice-be it one man, ten, or even a hundred.
###Chapter 2421
“Step forward, and you’re dead!”
Facing the onslaught of desperate assassins, Dustin showed no mercy.
With a swing of his long sword, a dazzling sword aura swept through the darkness like a crescent moon and briefly illuminated the night sky.
The assassins only saw a flash of white light and instinctively stopped in their tracks. When the brilliance faded, those at the front stood frozen as if struck by a paralysis spell.
A moment later, heads tumbled to the ground, like ripe fruit falling from a tree. The headless bodies stood upright for two seconds before collapsing, blood splattering everywhere.
The gruesome sight shocked everyone.
They exchanged uneasy glances and were hesitant to move forward. No one had anticipated Dustin’s sword to be so fast that the fallen couldn’t even defend themselves.
The assassins who had just been killed were among the elites. Yet, none of them could block even a single strike. The difference in strength was clear.
“What are you standing around for? Kill him, and the rewards are yours!” Hank shouted.
“Kill him!”
Reinvigorated by the promise of riches, they all charged forward with fearless determination.
“Reckless fools.” Dustin’s expression turned cold. He had no intention of holding back anymore.
He swung his sword in quick, successive movements and sent out sharp sword auras that struck down the desperate assassins. But for every enemy he killed, more would charge toward him in an unending onslaught.
Most of their attacks were meaningless to Dustin and posed no threat. Only a few team leaders could challenge him but couldn’t even inflict significant harm.
Hank frowned when he realized the situation was turning against them. He had underestimated Dustin’s strength. Finally, it dawned on him that anyone capable of rising above countless geniuses to win the championship couldn’t be taken lightly.
“All of you, team up and take him down. Show him what the Hall of Gods is capable of.” Hank turned to the six men behind him.
The six men, clad in black, stood motionless. Their eyes, hidden under the masks, radiated a chilling indifference. Even as their comrades fell, they didn’t flinch or react. They were like lifeless machines.
Only when Hank issued the order did they spring into action. Without a word, the six men moved forward in perfect unison as their movement reflected rigorous training.
After surrounding Dustin, they didn’t attack immediately. Instead, they threw a spherical into the air, formed hand seals, and chanted an incantation.
Then, the spheres emitted beams of crimson light. These beams intertwined and formed a massive, crimson Hexagonal Formation, which spanned over 300 feet in radius and floated above everyone’s heads.
While Dustin was distracted by the onslaught of assassins, the six had already completed their setup. Each of them pressed a hand to the ground and shouted in unison, “Seal!”
At their command, the Hexagonal Formation descended and passed through everyone’s bodies before embedding itself into the ground.
In the next instant, everyone, including Dustin, felt a crushing weight settle over them. It was as though their strength had been completely drained.
“What’s going on? Why can’t I use my true energy?”
“Damn it! Me neither. What’s happening?”
“I can sense my true energy, but it’s sealed. It must be that formation!”
The sudden turn of events left them all in disarray. Without their true energy, their combat abilities were practically nullified. They were no stronger than ordinary people in a fight.
However, martial artists focused on body refinement found themselves at an advantage. Without relying on true energy, their raw physical power gave them the upper hand.
“Don’t panic!” Hank spoke up at the crucial moment. “This is a sealing formation created by the Hall of Gods, specifically designed to deal with elite martial artists.”
He continued, “Once activated, even an Ultimate Grandmaster won’t be able to use their internal energy for a short period. Now you can fight him without fear of his cultivation.”
His explanation calmed everyone’s nerves. For them, sealing Dustin’s internal energy was a game-changer. Without it, he had to rely solely on physical strength, which made him less formidable.
In their eyes, Dustin had become vulnerable. He might have looked intimidating but not much of a threat without his energy-driven combat skills.
“You didn’t expect this, huh?” Hank sneered. “This formation was meant for the Sacred Wyrm Summit’s elites, but now it’s being used on you. How does it feel to be powerless?”
“So, you had this planned all along.” Dustin narrowed his eyes. “Seems like I underestimated the Hall of Gods.”
As the formation descended earlier, his mystical pure energy had been sealed. Now, he realized that the Hall of Gods had prepared extensively to counter the Sacred Wyrm Summit’s elites.
“For the sake of our past acquaintance, I’m giving you one last chance. If you surrender and pledge loyalty to the Hall of Gods, I’ll spare your life. What do you say?” Hank looked as if success was a foregone conclusion.
“Spare my life?” Dustin chuckled. “You think sealing my cultivation gives you the upper hand? Even without it, I can still kill you with my sword. Care to try?
“Do you think you can kill me? You’re too full of yourself.” Hank sneered. ” Since you refuse to see reason, don’t blame me for being ruthless. Everyone, kill him!”
“Kill him!”
Once again, they raised their weapons and charged at Dustin.
So what if he was an ultimate grandmaster? Even with advanced cultivation, the sealing formation had stripped him of his internal energy, and he was as helpless as a half- paralyzed man. The formidable
techniques he once wielded were now beyond his grasp.
Though their situation wasn’t ideal, they still had the advantage in numbers. Even relying on a basic swarm tactic, their combined strength would be enough to secure a victory.
“Just like a swarm of moths charging into the fire.” Dustin’s lips curled into a smirk. Instead of retreating, he charged forward to meet them head- on.
He didn’t just focus on cultivation but also practice body refinement. He was a rare example of someone who mastered mental discipline and physical prowess.
Even with his cultivation sealed, Dustin was still formidable with his physical strength and advanced swordsmanship.
###Chapter 2422
With a longsword in hand, Dustin plunged into the crowd like a tiger among sheep and cut down his enemies with brutal efficiency.
Though he couldn’t tap into his mystical energy, his physical strength far outstripped that of an average martial artist. His speed, power, reflexes, and combat skills crushed anyone in his path.
Every swing of his blade was precise and targeted the enemy’s vital spots with deadly accuracy, which left no room for defense.
Under his relentless assault, the assassins were helpless. The air rang with their screams as bodies fell one after another.
Unlike the tournament match, Dustin now unleashed his full power in this life -or-death fight. His attacks were becoming more brutal and relentless than ever.
“This kid’s tougher than I thought.”
Hank frowned as he watched his men struggle.
He hadn’t expected Dustin to have such formidable combat prowess, even with his sealed cultivation. If an unmatched genius like Dustin couldn’t be made an ally, he had to be eliminated before he became a bigger threat.
“Attack together! Kill him at all costs!” Hank barked to the six who had activated the sealing formation.
These six men weren’t just any fighters. They were genetically enhanced operatives from the Hall of Gods-emotionless, immune to pain, and utterly indifferent to death. With unshakable loyalty, they followed orders without question. They were the perfect killing machines.
Bailey had sent them to him to deal with the Sacred Wyrm Summit elites.
But now, Hank had no choice but to use them against Dustin.
“Kill him!”
Without hesitation, the six men in black drew their blades and charged at Dustin. They moved so fast that the surrounding martial artists could barely follow.
They only saw fleeting black shadows darting past, followed by razor-sharp blade auras that dazzled their eyes with blinding light.
Although the sealing formation had nullified the cultivation abilities within a 330-foot radius, these six men in black could ignore that limitation. In other words, their combat strength not only remained intact but was even amplified. This was the terrifying power of the formation.
As expected, the tide changed when they joined the fight. What had been a one-sided massacre by Dustin became a fierce struggle, with the six men managing to hold him back. Neither side gained the upper hand as the fight continued.
If Dustin’s cultivation hadn’t been sealed, dealing with these six would have been child’s play. Since he couldn’t channel his mystical pure energy, he had to rely solely on his physical strength. This made things difficult, as his capabilities fell short compared to those of his opponents.
But now he had to face the six men in black while also staying on guard against potential ambushes from the surrounding martial artists, which added another layer of complexity to an already precarious situation.
“Hmph! Let’s see how long you can last! “Seeing the situation was already under control, Hank couldn’t help but curl his lips into a cold, mocking smile.
He admitted that Dustin was strong, but going against the Hall of Gods was sheer folly. With so many subordinates at his command, a basic swarm tactic would be enough to wear down Dustin, and victory was only a matter of time.
“Time to die, Rhys!”
At that moment, Garrett, who had been lying in wait among the crowd, finally made his move. He had harbored a long -standing grudge against Dustin but had to maintain a facade of respect before due to Dustin’s formidable strength.
Now that Dustin had betrayed the Hall of Gods and was surrounded by top elites, this was Garrett’s chance for revenge.
When Dustin exposed a weakness, Garrett wasted no time and lunged forward with his blade aimed at Dustin’s back. But just before it struck, a hand, hard like iron, shot out and caught his weapon mid-thrust.
“Huh?” Garrett suddenly turned his head and met Willard’s indifferent gaze.
“Willard! What the hell are you doing?” Garrett’s eyes flared with fury as he let out an angry roar.
He had finally spotted an opening to vent his pent-up frustration. But just as he was about to strike, his teammate stepped in the way and blocked his attack. Naturally, this made him even more irate.
“I’m not doing anything. I just don’t like what you’re doing,” Willard said casually.
“Are you out of your mind? We’re both working for the Hall of Gods. Are you seriously thinking of betraying us?”
Garrett spat and glared at him.
“You’re right. I am betraying them,”
Willard admitted without hesitation.
“Bastard, I’ll kill you first!”
Garrett twisted his blade to break free of Willard’s grip. Then, he swept it toward Willard’s neck in a deadly slash.
Willard took two steps back and effortlessly sidestepped the horizontal attack. He casually lifted his flask and took a sip. His nonchalant demeanor made it seem like Garrett wasn’t even worth his attention.
“Go to hell!” Consumed by rage, Garrett swung his long blade in a flurry of relentless strikes, each aimed squarely at Willard.
But as Willard took another swig of wine, his eyes flashed with sudden intensity. A powerful, commanding presence radiated from him.
As Garrett’s blade came slashing down, Willard advanced instead of retreating. His palm struck the weapon with a resounding clang.
Garrett’s blade was knocked aside, and the immense force numbed his arm to the point where he almost lost his grip. Before he could react, Willard struck again. With blinding speed, his palm slammed into Garrett’s chest with explosive force. 2
Garrett’s entire body was flung back over ten yards and crashed heavily to the ground. Blood sprayed from his
mouth and nose, and he couldn’t even get up.
“You… How are you able to use internal energy?” He clutched his chest, his voice a mix of shock and fury.
Aside from the six men in black, everyone else in the area had their cultivation sealed, so no one should have been able to use internal energy.
Yet, Willard’s palm strike had carried the unmistakable power of a grandmaster’s internal energy. Garrett couldn’t understand how Willard had bypassed the formation’s restrictions..
###Chapter 2423
“Take a guess.” Willard didn’t answer. Instead, he took another sip from his flask.
His cultivation had been sealed, but his strength came from the wine in his hand. The wine was refined with valuable herbs and contained dense spiritual energy, which he could absorb and convert into combat power.
In short, every sip made him stronger. Even with his cultivation sealed, he could still execute powerful techniques.
“It’s the wine, isn’t it?” Garrett’s gaze landed on the flask, and a quick realization set in. Willard drank before and after every attack, which hinted at something suspicious.
“Bingo. But no prize for you.” Willard smirked and launched forward with a palm strike aimed at Garrett. Though his strength wasn’t at its peak, the attack remained a deadly threat to the already injured Garrett.
“Mr. Styles, save me.” Garrett knew he had no chance of blocking it and cried for help.
“Go to hell, traitor!” Hank saw the internal commotion unfold and threw a powerful punch at Willard without hesitation.
His cultivation had been sealed, but he had taken a valuable herb earlier. This herb granted him a temporary combat boost, but only for ten strikes. Once the effects wore off, he would be as vulnerable as the others.
He had intended to use it at a critical moment, either to defend himself or to turn the battle’s outcome. But with Garrett’s desperate cry drawing everyone’s attention, he couldn’t just stand idly by.
Willard didn’t flinch even when Hank intervened. He swiftly turned to face him and countered with a decisive palm strike.
The clash of fists and palms sent a shockwave rippling outward. Martial artists within a 30-feet radius were sent flying through the air by the sheer force of the impact.
Hank staggered back more than ten steps as his internal energy surged chaotically inside him. In contrast, Willard stood his ground and remained calm.
“That’s impossible?” Hank’s expression changed, and his composure wavered. He hadn’t expected Willard’s palm strike to be so powerful that he couldn’t block it.
Even in his sealed state, Willard could still unleash incredible strength. If he were at his peak, he would be an unstoppable force. Being called the Wein Sage in the martial world proved he wasn’t just an ordinary opponent.
“Willard! The Hall of Gods has rewarded you generously. Why are you betraying us?” Hank growled.
Dustin’s betrayal halfway through the mission had already thrown him off guard. With Willard also turning against them in the middle of the battle, the situation had become even more tense.
“Betrayal?” Willard laughed and took a sip from his flask. “I hate to break it to you, but someone paid me a fortune to infiltrate your Hall of Gods and sabotage your plans at a crucial moment. Technically, I’m not a traitor. I’m more like an undercover agent.”
He couldn’t use his internal energy at the moment. Instead, he had to draw on the spiritual energy in the wine to power his techniques. It temporarily boosted his strength, but things would get ugly fast once his wine ran out. So, he needed a quick, decisive fight to eliminate as many enemies as possible.
“So, you’re a spy!” Hank gritted his teeth, and his face twisted with fury. Willard, don’t forget-you drank poison before this mission. Without my antidote, you’re as good as dead!”
“If I kill you, that antidote is mine, right?” Willard smiled faintly.
“You…” Hank’s expression faltered for a split second before he snarled. “Fine. Since you’re so stubborn, you leave me with no choice!”
With a wave of his hand, Hank ordered, “Everyone, listen up! Anyone who kills him will get double the reward!”
More than half of the martial artists immediately changed targets and charged at Willard. In their eyes, he would be an easier opponent than Dustin. If they had a choice, they would rather avoid a difficult fight.
“Come on, then!” Willard’s laughter rang out, wild and taunting, as the martial artists charged at him from every direction. Without hesitation, he drained his wine flask in one gulp. Instantly, his face flushed red, and his entire presence became more formidable.
“Today, you’ll witness a long-lost technique-the Infinite Spirit Manifestation!” He took a deep breath, then clapped both hands sharply to the sides.
From his body, countless illusory images shot out in dense, unending waves. The number of these illusions was staggering-hundreds, then thousands-emerging without pause in a torrent of nearly uncountable shadows.
Willard’s eyes shut tight as he remained still. The illusory images, as if possessing their own consciousness, launched various attacks against the surrounding martial artists.
Though the illusory images looked unreal, their strikes landed with devastating force. The martial artists felt like Willard had struck them as they collapsed onto the ground and screamed in agony.
The most terrifying part was that even if the martial artists managed to destroy them, the illusory images instantly regenerated to continue their relentless assault.
Their sheer numbers and unyielding regeneration turned the battle into a slaughter with no defense possible. In a few seconds, more than half of the attacking martial artists had already fallen.
Hank, Garrett, and the others stood frozen in stunned disbelief. They hadn’t imagined that Willard would have such a formidable skill. He had wiped out most of their elite martial artists in just one move. To them, Willard’s sheer power was terrifying.
###Chapter 2424
Willard’s ultimate move cleared the battlefield in an instant. The martial artists who had rushed forward were either dead or critically wounded, with no ability to defend themselves.
“This… How is this possible?” Hank’s eyes widened in terror as cold sweat beaded on his forehead.
Under the restriction of the sealing formation, even ultimate grandmasters couldn’t unleash their full strength.
But Willard, with nothing more than a flask of liquor, had managed to tap into a supreme divine power far beyond his cultivation level.
Though he was only at the grandmaster level, his move, Infinite Spirit Manifestation, carried the might of an ultimate grandmaster. If he were to use it again, the outcome would be grim for everyone, including himself.
“Retract!” Willard took a deep breath and the thousands of illusory images that had surged forth earlier instantly retracted into his body. His face turned red and pale as his breath grew heavy and ragged.
The toll of using Infinite Spirit Manifestation was unmistakable. With his cultivation sealed, executing such an attack once had already pushed him to the limit.
Only a handful of martial artists, including Hank and the six black men, still had the strength to fight. In total, barely a dozen remained standing.
The six men in black-the strongest among the group-were fully engaged by Dustin and couldn’t spare any hands to help. As for the rest, only Hank posed a genuine threat. The others were paralyzed by fear and dared not approach.
“Hank, if you know what’s good for you, retreat now. Otherwise, you’ll end up like these corpses,” Willard said coldly.
His strength, stamina, and focus were rapidly draining. If the fight continued, it might not end in his favor. His only hope now was to intimidate Hank into retreating.
“Mr. Styles, what should we do? Should we retreat for now?” Garrett clutched his chest in panic.
They had arrived with over a hundred men, but now most of them were either dead or critically wounded. At that instant, Garrett had lost his will to fight.
“What are you panicking for? Willard just exhausted his supreme divine power and is barely hanging on. Don’t let him intimidate you.” Hank frowned, and his eyes locked on Willard.
He could tell Willard had overexerted himself with that last move. Otherwise, he would’ve pressed the attack instead of trying to intimidate them.
“That may be true, but we’ve already lost most of our men. If we keep fighting, we’ll only suffer more casualties. Maybe we should retreat and plan our next move?” Garrett said tentatively.
“Plan? Damn you!” Hank exploded and slapped Garrett hard across the face. ” This mission is do or die. Anyone who dares retreat has only one outcome- death!”
At this point, he knew there was no way out. If they retreated now, they would be executed by Bailey upon their return. Rather than live in disgrace as a deserter, he would rather stake everything in this final fight.
With that thought, Hank pulled out two vials of enhanced serum and tossed one to Garrett. “Drink this. It’ll greatly enhance your physical abilities and boost your combat power. I’ve worked hard to get this, and now I’m giving one to you.”
“Thank you, Mr. Styles!” Garrett’s face lit up with relief as he took the vial.
The vial in his hands was an S-grade enhanced serum. It was ten times better than the A-grade one he had used before. With such a treasure in hand, his confidence was instantly restored.
“If we don’t complete this mission today, we will both die. So, let’s give it everything we’ve got.”
Hank unscrewed the vial without hesitation and drank it in one gulp. He had already consumed one earlier, and a second dose could cause his body to explode. But he had no time to worry about that. His only options now were victory or death.
“Attack!” Feeling the power surge inside him, Hank wasted no time and charged forward with his blade.
Tonight, he would either emerge victorious or die trying.
Outside the main hall of Sacred Wrym Summit, hundreds of elite martial artists relentlessly battered the mountain protective array. A continuous barrage of attacks rocked the air, with explosions echoing nonstop.
The once-impregnable barrier was weakening under the continuous onslaught. It was clear the array wouldn’t hold much longer.
Inside the hall, the elites of Sacred Wrym Summit stood ready for the impending clash.
Oron burst into the room and reported, “Kaden, the mountain protection array is about to break. We only have half an hour left.”
“It’s fine. Let them through,” Kaden said impassively. “Order the disciples to set up twelve small formations. We’ll turn defense into offense and ensure these invaders don’t leave here alive.”
“Understood!” Oron responded and quickly left.
Moments later, the mountain protective array suddenly vanished.
With the barrier down, the forces of the Hall of Gods hesitated briefly before charging forward, their battle cries ringing in the distance. A wave of elites brandished their weapons and charged through the hall’s main entrance.
“Slay the demons!
“Kill them!”
The defenders of Sacred Wrym Summit had been waiting for this moment. As the enemy forces stormed through the main entrance, over a hundred Sacred Wrym Summit’s elite martial artists swiftly formed defensive formations and launched their counterattack.
The air was filled with the deafening sounds of battle-war cries, agonized screams, and the explosive crashes of weapons clashing. The first full-scale clash between Sacred Wrym Summit and the Hall of Gods had begun.
Bailey observed the fight unfolding in the distance from atop a building at Sacred Wrym Summit. He had no intention of intervening.
His goal was more than just the destruction of Sacred Wrym Summit.
He was there to eliminate Arion, the number-one martial artist in the martial world. As the greatest martial artist in Dragonmarsh, Arion posed a serious threat to the Streuquan.
If Arion fell, the martial world in Dragonmarsh would descend into chaos. It would be the perfect opportunity for the Hall of Gods to strike from every direction and cripple the nation.
It was a strategy that could accomplish two ives at once. Now, all that was needed was for Arion to make an appearance. Once he did, Bailey would rally his forces to eliminate the greatest threat to their power.
###Chapter 2425
The battle between the Hall of Gods and Sacred Wrym Summit raged with unrelenting intensity.
The Hall of Gods had made meticulous preparations for this invasion. Besides recruiting powerful martial artists from around the world, they also distributed valuable enhanced serums to everyone.
To counter Sacred Wrym Summit’s Stormcraft technique, they developed a special combat suit capable of resisting such attacks.
Generally, a divine martial artist struck by Stormcraft would instantly lose their combat ability, but this special suit reduced the effectiveness of the attack by half. Even if struck, they could recover after a brief moment to continue fighting. The defensive capabilities of this gear were nearly flawless.
In addition, their greatest strength was the sheer weight of their numbers.
They had at least ten thousand people, including hired outlaws, under their command. During the siege, they were densely packed like a swarm of bees.
In contrast, Sacred Wrym Summit had only about a hundred people. Though each of them was highly skilled, they were still outnumbered, and as the battle raged on, they began to fall behind.
Fortunately, the disciples of Sacred Wrym Summit fought with seamless coordination. Their formation allowed them to hold their ground for a time. However, if their stamina were exhausted, the consequences would be disastrous.
“Mr. Bailey, we’ve taken over nearly every outpost on Sacred Wrym Summit. The main hall is the only area where some of them are still putting up a fight. But from the looks of it, they won’t hold out much longer.” A god- level expert dressed in black leaped onto the roof and delivered his report.
“What about Hank?” Bailey asked with an impassive expression. “How’s the progress on his end?”
The plan was to attack from multiple fronts. One group would infiltrate the Forbidden Ground, another would surround and kill the Sacred Wrym Summit experts, and the strongest group would ambush Arion. He aimed to achieve the maximum result in the shortest time possible.
“We haven’t heard from Mr. Styles yet, but he’s well-prepared with contingency plans. I’m sure everything is going smoothly,” the god-level expert dressed in black replied.
“This mission must not fail. Send two scouts to check and report back immediately if anything goes wrong,” Bailey commanded.
“Yes, sir,” the god-level expert responded and gestured to two men, who immediately rushed toward the Forbidden Ground.
At that moment, a blood-red figure materialized beside Bailey-it was Blood Devil Willem. “Bailey, we’ve already brought the fight to their door. Why hasn’t that old geezer made a move? Did he chicken out and run away?”
Bailey narrowed his eyes. “The so- called number one of Dragonmarsh wouldn’t be a coward. Let’s wait and see what happens.”
The most daunting task in this mission was taking down Arion. For years, he had dominated the martial world of Dragonmarsh and was regarded as a godlike existence. Clearly, such a title wasn’t given lightly.
With Sacred Wrym Summit in danger, there was no way Arion would simply run without putting up a fight.
“I say we need more bloodshed. Once we wipe out Sacred Wrym Summit, I’ll bet that old geezer will crawl out of hiding.” Willem grinned maliciously.
As his words fell, a distant, chilling voice suddenly echoed from above. ” Who dares speak of destroying the Sacred Wrym Summit?”
It wasn’t loud but rang with an undeniable authority like thunderclaps. Everyone within a hundred-yard radius felt a crushing weight, as though a mountain pressed down on their shoulders, making it hard to breathe.
“Hmm?”
Bailey and Willem both turned their heads in unison.
A figure stood atop a tree not far behind them-a plump man with a round belly stood with his hands behind his back. He had a head full of silver hair and wore a simple, loose robe. His face looked warm and harmless, but the immense pressure emanating from him was terrifying.
Without a doubt, the seemingly friendly man before them was the target they had come to kill-Arion Foyer.
In an instant, Bailey’s and Willem’s muscles tensed, assuming a combat stance. A flicker of surprise crossed their faces. After waiting so long, they hadn’t expected Arion to appear behind them silently.
As soon as Arion revealed his presence, multiple figures quickly emerged around him.
The Sword Sage of Kimboku, Anthony; the three top assassins of Eskus- Vanzan, Noir, and Shyvan; Batuul, the Fist Sage of Alabastria; and several gods from the Hall of Gods. Including Bailey and Willem, there were more than ten powerful figures.
Together, they surrounded Arion and cut off his escape route.
“Old geezer, I didn’t expect you to dare to show up. Do you not fear death?” Willem sneered with a wicked grin.
Arion stood atop the tree and looked down with a detached gaze as if observing an insignificant insect. ” Were you the one aiming to wipe out the Sacred Wrym Summit earlier?”
“Yes, it’s me. What about it?” Willem showed no fear. “Not only am I going to destroy Sacred Wrym Summit, but I’m going to kill you too.”
“Bold words.” Arion suddenly smiled and gave him a thumbs-up. “I haven’t fought in years, but I suppose you’ll do for a warm-up.”
As soon as the words left his mouth, he vanished. When he reappeared, he was directly in front of Willem.
He raised his hand and slapped Willem across the face. The sound of the impact echoed like a thunderclap.
Before Willem could register the strike, his body was launched like a missile, hurtling over 100 feet through the air. He crashed through several large trees before slamming heavily into the ground.
Half of his face had caved in, and his features twisted beyond recognition, with blood pouring from his shattered nose and mouth. The sight was brutal and horrifying.
###Chapter 2426
The sudden turn of events took everyone by surprise. No one had expected Arion to strike so suddenly; he was so fast that they couldn’t even see his movement.
Even Willem, renowned for his speed, couldn’t react in time. One slap had sent him flying-simple, brutal, and unstoppable.
At that moment, they finally realized that the seemingly harmless Arion was much more formidable than they had imagined.
Willem staggered to his feet and reached up to straighten his twisted neck. His collapsed cheek began to heal at a visible rate. Fortunately for him, vampires possessed extraordinary regenerative abilities. Without it, the slap would have crippled him.
“You’re strong for an old geezer, but it’ll take more than that to finish me off,” Willem hissed through clenched teeth. The bloodthirst in his eyes was unmistakable as he glared at Arion. If he could drain Arion’s blood, his strength would surge to unimaginable heights.
“Oh? This is interesting.” Arion raised an eyebrow with a faint smile.
“Go to hell, old geezer!” Willem snarled and sprang into action. He pushed off with his feet and turned into a blood-red shadow as he charged toward Arion.
With one hand behind his back, Arion didn’t move to dodge. Instead, he extended his right hand and lightly tapped the incoming shadow.
A loud crack split the air as a purple lightning bolt, as thick as a human thigh, shot out. The surrounding night sky lit up as the bolt streaked across it.
It was the signature technique of Sacred Wrym Summit-Stormcraft.
Most disciples could summon a bolt as thick as a thumb, and even someone as skilled as Oron could manage a lightning bolt as thick as his wrist. But Arion’s lightning bolt was as thick as a thigh. This was no ordinary Stormcraft -it was like the wrath of the gods.
The lightning struck the blood-red shadow with a crack and blasted it into pieces. But then, something strange happened. The shattered remains transformed into thousands of vampiric bats.
The bats swarmed in a dense mass, and their erratic movements made them hard to track. They scattered in all directions before swiftly regrouping and charging at Arion in relentless waves like a storm of projectiles.
Suddenly, a hum filled the air, and a brilliant golden light enveloped Arion’s body. The light, blinding as the sun, flared outward. Any bat that touched it was instantly knocked away. Before they even hit the ground, they dissolved into red mist. The bats couldn’t even get close to Arion.
While a typical Glow Incantation would serve only as a defensive shield, Arion’s version carried offensive power. Any evil energy that came into contact would be obliterated.
Seeing his attack fail, the swarm of bats quickly regrouped and transformed back into Willem’s original form. But he looked even paler than before. The bats had been created from his own blood energy, and the golden light’s eradication of them had drained him.
“Is this all you’ve got? And you dare to claim you can destroy Sacred Wrym Summit? How foolish!” Arion smiled contemptuously.
“Old geezer! Let’s settle this once and for all!” Willem snarled. His fangs and claws were bared as he lunged at Arion like a wild beast.
“Attack!”
Seeing that Willem failed to gain any advantage, Bailey immediately commanded the others to strike. In an instant, more than a dozen elite fighters attacked Arion from all sides.
Bailey was a powerhouse with extraordinary physical strength. His speed, power, and defenses set him apart from other ultimate grandmasters. His combat style was violent he used his hands like blades, which were capable of tearing a person apart.
Batuul’s fighting style was similar to Bailey’s, as he relied on his fists as his main weapons. The difference was that Batuul’s fist mastery had reached perfection, which allowed each strike to pinpoint weak spots and shatter them with 100 times the force.
His attacks were simple and brutal, yet his technique had a hidden precision that made it almost impossible to predict.
Anthony from Kimboku was a master swordsman with advanced cultivation.
The demonic blade he wielded was incredibly sinister, as it was capable of draining the target’s life force. Even a minor cut from it would rapidly sap the victim’s vitality until they died.
As for the three top assassins from Eskus, each had their own unique strengths.
Vanzan, a master of submission holds, had limbs as deadly as constricting snakes. Anyone caught in his grasp would be unable to break free.
Noir was a deadly assassin who was proficient with a wide range of weapons. His strikes were sudden, lethal, and nearly impossible to counter.
As for Shyvan, he was a master of voodoo curses. He killed his victims silently and without a trace.
Alongside them, several gods from the Hall of Gods unleashed their most special techniques and displayed their full combat power. When facing such world-class elites, any ordinary ultimate grandmaster would likely be torn apart instantly.
Arion remained unfazed as he stood perfectly still. He was enveloped in a dazzling golden light. His presence was as commanding as that of a god.
“Begone, evil cultist!” As the enemies closed in, he stomped his foot. The golden light around him suddenly transformed into thousands of long whips and lashed out indiscriminately in all directions.
Each golden whip struck with the force of a thousand pounds. It could instantly kill any ordinary martial artist upon contact.
###Chapter 2427
Thousands of golden whips lashed out with the force of a storm, and it was impossible to dodge.
The group led by Bailey launched their attacks to block and continually struck the golden whips. With each collision, energy erupted, followed by loud booming sounds. 1
Arion stood firm like a mountain. His body was enveloped in golden light as he swung his whips. Even though he was outnumbered, he still held the advantage.
Bailey and the others couldn’t break through at all. A few slightly weaker gods from the Hall of Gods were forced to retreat with each lash and struggled to withstand the onslaught.
At that moment, everyone finally realized the terrifying power of Dragonmarsh’s strongest martial artist. Even the attacks evolved from the Glow Incantation were enough to throw them off balance.
“I don’t believe these things can stop me!”
Bailey roared as his body began to change. His already large frame grew even bulkier, like a small mountain. His shirt tore as his muscles expanded, and his muscles became dense and rock- like beneath his skin.
Along with his size, he experienced an explosion of hair growth that turned into a thick, unruly coat that covered his face, chest, and limbs. Then, sharp claws sprouted from his big hand.
He looked like a towering black bear walking upright at a glance-strong, brutal, ferocious, and commanding.
After his transformation, Bailey’s strength and defense skyrocketed. The golden whips that once threatened him now barely scratched his skin. Instead, he effortlessly tore them apart with his bare hands.
“Go to hell!” he bellowed and charged forward like a tank. The golden whip blocking his path was effortlessly torn apart as he bulldozed his way through with unstoppable momentum.
As Bailey closed in on Arion, he threw a thunderous punch and slammed it against the golden light.
A deafening explosion shook the ground. The seemingly impenetrable Glow Incantation trembled under the force of the blow.
The resulting shockwave rippled outward and forced Bailey to retreat a few steps. After a brief pause, he stepped forward again, and his fists rained down like a relentless storm as he pounded against the golden light.
Each punch from Bailey reverberated like thunder, and his overwhelming strength shook the shimmering barrier. Under his relentless assault, the golden light surrounding Arion dimmed noticeably.
The sight sent the others into motion.
While Bailey unleashed his rampage, the other elites seized the moment and used their supreme divine powers to hammer away at the defenses of the Glow Incantation.
It didn’t matter if Arion was Dragonmarsh’s strongest martial artist. Even the mightiest would fall when they’re up against the combined strength of these elites.
Seeing that the Glow Incantation couldn’t hold up, Arion formed a single -handed seal and pointed at the sky. ”
Let the storm descend!”
With a deep, resonant hum, a massive Eight Trigrams Formation appeared in the night sky. It spanned over a hundred feet and enveloped all the enemies within its reach.
Arion quickly formed another hand seal, and the formation spun at a terrifying speed. Lightning crackled, and thunder rumbled as an invisible pressure descended. It weighed down on the enemies like a crushing mountain and slowed their movements.
“Strike down!” Arion gestured down in a commanding motion.
The Eight Trigrams Formation blazed brilliantly, unleashing thick, purple lightning bolts as wide as a man’s arm. Lightning rained down in relentless waves as countless strikes hammered the ground in an indiscriminate onslaught.
The enemies caught within the formation turned pale with fear as they hastily activated their protection armor energy. They had all witnessed the sheer destructive power of Arion’s Stormcraft. Even the formidable Willem had been blown away without mercy, so who would dare to test their luck against it?
However, not everyone chose to defend.
The transformed Bailey ignored the lightning crashing around him and kept pounding Arion’s shimmering golden light with his fists.
Bolts of lightning hammered him relentlessly. Yet Bailey barely flinched as they struck him, and he continued his assault as if nothing had happened.
His ability to endure the full force of the Stormcraft strikes left the nearby fighters secretly amazed. Taking those hits head-on was something no one else would dare attempt.
He truly lived up to his title as the Grizz Lord. Being a ruler in the underworld of Streuqua wasn’t a title earned by just anyone-it meant he was a monster among monsters.
“Break it now!” Bailey roared, and his fists hammered down with unstoppable force. Each blow was brutal and relentless.
After hundreds of strikes, the golden light around Arion finally began to crack. Bailey seized the opportunity and drove his sharp claws into the fracture.
With a mighty pull, his massive arms tore the barrier open. The once- impenetrable golden barrier now had a gap in it.
“Bailey! Let me help you!” Seeing this, Willem transformed into a cloud of blood-red mist and weaved through the lightning before slipping through the gap.
“Time to die, old geezer!” Willem smirked as he reformed behind Arion. Then, he opened his bloody mouth and aimed for Arion’s neck.
###Chapter 2428
Willem was so fast that, even to a grandmaster, it would appear as though he had teleported, leaving no time to react.
Bailey had already drawn Arion’s full attention, making Willem’s sudden attack almost impossible to counter.
When everyone thought his attack was about to succeed, a red divine talisman suddenly shot out and stuck to his forehead just as his fangs were mere inches from Arion’s neck.
The talisman exploded, releasing a surge of violent energy that blasted Willem over ten yards away. Before he hit the ground, a blazing fireball instantly engulfed him.
He screamed as he turned into a human torch. The fire burned fiercely, scorching his flesh and charring his body.
The flames clung to him like a curse and were impossible to put out. His blood energy crackled and hissed as the fire burned, and thick black smoke rose from his body.
The sight shocked everyone.
Just moments ago, Willem had almost succeeded in his ambush, but Arion had been prepared. With a single talisman, he stopped the attack and set Willem on fire, leaving him screaming in agony.
Despite Willem possessing remarkable vital energy, he still felt pain. Ordinary wounds were nothing to him since he could heal instantly, so the pain was barely noticeable.
But being burned by fire was different, especially with flames that couldn’t be extinguished. For someone with regenerative abilities, it was a nightmare of continuous pain as his skin burned and healed. This endless cycle proved unbearable, even for someone as strong as him.
“Let me help you.” A god from the Hall of Gods quickly pulled out a blue orb and hurled it toward Willem.
As soon as the orb touched the flames, it exploded and released a torrent of mist. The raging fire was immediately suppressed as water and flames clashed to create a thick cloud of white smoke.
Seeing the effect, the god threw two more blue orbs. Finally, the flames that had consumed Willem were extinguished.
At that moment, Willem was unrecognizable-his body charred beyond recognition, and he looked horrifying. Fortunately, his regenerative power was so formidable that the scorched skin began to peel away, revealing tender flesh underneath.
In just a few minutes, Willem had fully recovered, though his complexion had grown noticeably paler.
Vampires possessed incredible vital energy, but regeneration came at a cost. Unlike martial artists who restored their strength with spiritual energy, vampires relied on drinking blood-preferably from stronger individuals, as it could even boost their strength.
“I didn’t expect you to have that trick up your sleeve, old geezer. Looks like I underestimated you.” Willem panted heavily, and his face was full of resentment
“You not only underestimated me, but you also overestimated yourself,” Arion retorted with a smirk.
“Looks like I’ll need to step it up if I want to kill you today.” Willem suddenly turned to the god from the Hall of Gods who had just saved him. He smiled and said, “Thanks for the help earlier, but I’ll be needing something else from you.”
“What do you need?” The god was puzzled.
“Your life.”
In an instant, Willem appeared behind him with his mouth parted and sank his fangs into the god’s neck.
The god’s body went rigid, his face frozen in terror. He struggled to fight back but found himself paralyzed, unable to move.
Willem drank in large gulps, and the god’s body visibly shriveled and withered before everyone’s eyes. In mere moments, the once-mighty figure was reduced to a lifeless husk- gray hair, sunken features, and wide- open eyes frozen in eternal horror.
Willem wasn’t just draining the man’s blood, but his life essence. He then inhaled deeply, with a look of satisfaction on his face.
With the blood energy restoring his strength, he felt more powerful than ever. However, his actions sparked disapproval from the other fighters. After the god had just saved him, Willem repaid the man by draining his life away. Such a heinous act couldn’t be ignored.
“Hey! Are you out of your mind? How could you kill your own ally?”
The other gods from the Hall of Gods erupted in anger. Though their bonds weren’t deep, they were still on the same side. Watching one of their own reduced to a lifeless husk by Willem’s betrayal filled them with outrage.
“You exist to serve me,” Willem said, licking the blood from the corner of his mouth and smiling wickedly. “It’s his privilege to become part of me. Now, I’ll use his strength to crush that old geezer.”
With that, he let out a thunderous roar. Suddenly, two massive black wings unfurled from his back, like those of a demon.
###Chapter 2429
Willem’s wings, black as night with a metallic sheen, erupted from his back. Fully extended, they stretched over 30 feet. With a gentle flap, a storm of wind and eerie howls swept through the air. The sheer force was intimidating to behold.
His appearance had also undergone a drastic transformation. Willem’s once- handsome face was now gaunt, his skin wrinkled, and his cheekbones jutted out. Fangs protruded from his mouth, and two sharp horns sprouted from his head.
He had grown taller, but his body was unnaturally thin, with his ribs and sternum visible beneath his skin. From a distance, he looked like a towering, monstrous skeleton. It was an unsettling sight that sent a chill down anyone’s spine.
This was Willem’s ultimate form.
After the transformation, his speed, strength, defense, and reflexes were greatly enhanced. His thirst for blood grew even more intense, turning him into a bloodthirsty demon.
The gods, who had expressed dissatisfaction moments ago, now stood paralyzed in stunned silence. Fear was etched across their faces.
The transformed Willem was more than ten times stronger than his previous form. The savage, bloodthirsty intensity he gave off was enough to send a shiver down anyone’s spine. They knew that if Willem desired, he could crush them instantly.
Faced with such a powerful monster, who would dare speak out now?
“Old geezer, I’m going to drain every last drop of your blood today.” Willem raised his hand, and his sharp claws pointed at Arion.
Suddenly, a bolt of lightning shot down from above, striking Willem with pinpoint accuracy.
However, he didn’t dodge and wasn’t harmed by the strike. He seemed immune to the lightning. Besides his remarkable regeneration, his physical defense was now on par with Bailey’s, making him virtually indestructible.
“Is that the best you can do? It’s like someone just tickled me.” Willem sneered.
The so-called strongest man in Dragonmarsh and the title, “Sage of Sacred Wrym Summit”, didn’t seem impressive to him.
The formation above sent down a barrage of lightning bolts, each striking Willem with full force. Yet, he remained unscathed.
“Old geezer, your attacks are useless. Prepare to die!” Willem grinned menacingly before launching his attack.
His figure flickered and reappeared in front of Arion with lightning speed. His sharp claws thrust forward like lances toward Arion’s heart.
A soft hum filled the air as a burst of golden light flared up and instantly formed a shield before Arion.
Willem’s sharp claws slammed into the glowing barrier, causing the golden light to tremble and ripples to spread outward. It was clear the shield wouldn’t hold much longer.
“Heh…” Willem grinned. Without hesitation, he struck again with his sharp claws, aiming to break Arion’s Glow Incantation.
“Fire!”
Arion raised his hand and waved. A red divine talisman shot out toward Willem’s chest. With a loud bang, the talisman unleashed a torrent of flames that instantly engulfed Willem.
The flames burned fiercely with an intense heat. But unlike before, Willem didn’t scream in agony. He remained still even as the fire consumed him.
As the crowd watched in disbelief, his demonic wings suddenly flapped. A powerful wind stirred the air around him. In an instant, a violent gust whipped through the area, and spiritual energy surged wildly.
The flames on his body were instantly extinguished, and his tough skin showed no signs of injury-only waves of heat rising from his form. It was clear that the fire had no effect on his ultimate form.
“Now, it’s my turn!” Willem grinned wickedly, then flapped his wings. His body turned into a streak of black light and slammed into Arion’s golden armor.
The collision rocked the earth, and the shockwave shattered Arion’s indestructible golden armor into a shower of glowing particles.
“Yes!”
Everyone cheered and was thrilled by the sight.
Arion’s Glow Incantation had been nearly invincible, with none of them able to break it, no matter how hard they tried. But now, Willem’s devastating blow had broken through it. For them, this was a huge morale boost.
“Go to hell!” Willem roared and flapped his wings again. He turned into a streak of black light and charged toward Arion.
“Attack!”
Bailey wouldn’t just stand idly by. As Willem charged, he moved in from the opposite direction and attacked Arion.
The two closed in from both sides, intending to trap Arion and block any escape route. The other powerful fighters also launched their signature techniques in a relentless barrage.
It was the perfect time to strike. With Arion’s golden armor shattered, his defenses were wide open. A continuous onslaught would almost certainly bring him down.
“Soul Annihilation!” Arion shouted.
Despite being surrounded, he remained composed. With a single wave of his hand, a massive number of divine talismans shot out. They rained down in a dense, unstoppable cascade and were impossible to avoid.
“Explode!” Arion made a swift gesture with his hand. The thousands of divine talismans he had just launched erupted like a series of bombs.
The ground trembled, and the air was filled with the deafening roar of thunder. The shockwaves swept through everything in a 300-foot radius, flattening everything in their path. Massive trees were uprooted, and buildings crumbled into rubble.
The impact sent the elite figures who had charged toward Arion hurtling backward. The strongest managed to land and regain their footing, but the weaker ones were sent crashing to the ground as blood poured from their mouths and noses.
With that one move, Arion stopped all the incoming attacks and heavily wounded half of his enemies.
###Chapter 2430
“How many tricks does this old geezer have?”
The impact of the divine talisman explosion left everyone both shocked and enraged. No one had expected that Arion would still manage to unleash such a powerful supreme divine power even after the Glow Incantation was broken and the lightning strikes failed to cause any harm.
The impact of the thousands of divine talismans exploding at once was terrifying. Only the strongest fighters- Willem, Bailey, and Batuul-could withstand it. The rest of the group was severely injured. At that moment, they finally realized the terrifying strength of Dragonmarsh’s strongest man.
“Impressive,” Willem said, landing smoothly after being thrown back. His withered skin was now covered in cracks, and blood oozed from it.
Most of the shockwave from the explosion had hit him directly. Despite his impressive defense, he still took some damage. However, these injuries were nothing to him. His wounds had already healed within a few seconds, as if nothing had happened.
“Unfortunately, that strike still doesn’t cut it.” Willem dusted himself off and sneered. “If you want to kill me, you’ll need at least ten times that level of destruction. The question is, do you have what it takes? You must be exhausted by now, right?”
He believed that Arion’s sudden outburst earlier was just a last-ditch effort. If it didn’t work, he would just have to be killed.
“Then, why don’t you find out for yourself?” Arion replied impassively. Throughout the fight, he had remained rooted in one spot and used only one hand.
“Sure. Let’s see if you can stop me.”
Willem and Bailey exchanged a brief Hook before charging toward Arion together, launching another attack.
Batuul, Anthony, and the three elite assassins-Vanzan, Shyvan, and Noir- quickly followed and surrounded Arion. They couldn’t believe that with all their combined strength, they still couldn’t take down an old man.
“Since you’re so eager, I’ll play with you.” Arion reached out with one hand, and a black-and-white sword suddenly appeared in his grip.
With a swift step, he turned into a blur and charged directly toward Willem and Bailey. This time, Arion didn’t use his supreme divine power. Instead, he chose the most direct approach-pure swordmanship.
The Celestial Slay in his hand was ranked number one on the Divine Weapon List. Many years ago, during the Era of Demon Banishment, he rose to prominence and cemented his reputation as the strongest man in Dragonmarsh with this very sword.
With the sword now in hand, his strikes became even more lethal. Even against a group of top-tier elites, Arion seemed to have the upper hand and didn’t even break a sweat.
His swordplay was flawless, and every strike had countless variations. What seemed like simple moves were actually the result of refined mastery. With his remarkable agility, he effortlessly handled the fight, even when outnumbered.
Willem and his allies continued to launch relentless attacks and used various tactics. However, Arion effortlessly countered every move. His sword left deep cuts on their bodies with each strike.
nlike ordinary weapons, the Celestial Slay had a unique property-any injury it caused was slow to heal.
Once struck by the sword, Willem and Bailey found their defenses and healing abilities severely diminished. Their bleeding wounds now took a long time to heal, and it was something they had never encountered before.
After all, they relied on their formidable physical bodies, which made them nearly impervious to blades. Their remarkable healing ability also allowed them to recover quickly from any injury, as long as it wasn’t fatal.
But the Celestial Slay stripped them of these advantages. As their wounds grew worse without healing, panic began to set in.
Earlier, Willem and Bailey could use their bodies to resist weapons. But now, they were forced to fight more cautiously since they feared being struck in a vital spot. Fortunately, they had powerful allies like Anthony and the others. Without them, they might have been in grave danger.
“There’s something strange about the sword in his hand. Everyone, be careful! “Bailey warned.
“This old guy is ridiculously tough to deal with. I can’t lay a finger on him it’s so annoying!” Willem growled, gritting his teeth in frustration.
He thought his speed was unmatched and that no one could stop him when he attacked with everything he had. But Arion dodged with a strange movement technique every time and quickly countered their attack.
With each exchange, Willem failed to land a blow on Arion and ended up with more injuries. Though not fatal, his wound healed slowly. If this continued, he knew things were going to turn against them.
“Everyone, stop holding back. Use whatever you’ve got, or we’re all dead today!”
After so many failed attempts, Bailey’s patience had worn thin. With multiple wounds and his stamina draining fast, he was struggling to keep up.
Meanwhile, he noticed Arion grew stronger with each passing moment. If they kept fighting like this, defeat was inevitable.
Bailey knew that Anthony and the others must have some killing moves saved for a critical moment. But if they didn’t pull out their trump cards now, they wouldn’t be able to kill Arion or leave Sacred Wrym Summit alive.
###Chapter 2431
After a prolonged battle, Anthony and the others finally realized the gravity of the situation.
Arion wasn’t just a sword master but also had unpredictable agility. No matter how they attacked, they couldn’t even land a single hit. On top of that, his sword was a constant threat.
If this deadlock continued, the situation would only worsen. So, when Bailey spoke, they knew it was time for decisive action, and there was no turning back. It was either kill or be killed.
At that moment, Anthony, who had been holding back, finally decided to use his ultimate technique. He bit his finger and smeared the blood across his blade. His lips moved quickly as if whispering an incantation.
“Snow Maiden, arise!” As soon as the words left his mouth, he swung his sword.
A white figure shot out and hovered in the air. It was a woman with fair skin and mesmerizing beauty. Her long hair cascaded like a waterfall, her dress was as white as snow, and her eyes had a sinister gleam.
The moment she appeared, the temperature plummeted as if winter had arrived. Everywhere she passed, the ground froze, buildings frosted over, and heavy snowflakes began to fall from the sky. This only added to the eerie atmosphere.
She was the Snow Maiden, a legendary demon from Kimboku, and was sealed within Anthony’s demonic blade. Beautiful yet deadly, she wielded the power of ice and snow. A single breath from her could freeze an entire village, and her power was immense and overwhelming.
This demon had been passed down through the Alessandro family for generations, and Anthony had always kept her as his last resort. He would only call upon her in situations where his life was in grave danger. Each time she was summoned, he lost ten years of his life.
But now, with everything on the line and the need to defeat Arion, Anthony had no other option. Ten years of his life seemed a small price to pay when compared to dying here.
Just as Anthony summoned the Snow Maiden, Batuul unleashed his ultimate attack.
With a thunderous roar, Batuul’s eyes turned red, and veins bulged from his skin. A wave of violent energy surged upward, and a massive illusory image appeared behind him. It was nearly 26 feet tall, with a human body and an elephant’s head.
This imposing illusory Elephantine exuded an unapproachable divine power. After it materialized, Batuul’s momentum surged, and his cultivation reached a new level.
Upon seeing this, the three elite assassins from Eskus wasted no time and immediately launched their combined technique. The trio spun in unison until their bodies intertwined to create a blur of afterimages that merged into a powerful energy vortex.
After several seconds, the vortex stopped, and a giant, nearly 13 feet tall, appeared. It was grotesque and deformed, with three heads and six arms. Each hand gripped a weapon that gleamed with lethal energy.
The Snow Maiden from Kimboku, the illusory Elephantine from Alabastria, and the Chimera Wrath from Eskus- three powerful beings-unleashed their deadliest moves and instantly turned the tide of battle.
With a single breath, the Snow Maiden released a gust of icy wind that transformed the area within a hundred yards into a frozen wasteland.
Arion, the first caught in the storm, found his speed drastically reduced. His swordplay grew sluggish under the weight of the cold, and the freezing conditions only worsened his movement.
The Snow Maiden’s supreme divine power to control ice and snow was formidable. Even an ultimate grandmaster would struggle to endure and constantly need to use their internal energy to fend off the chill. Once their energy depleted, they would turn into ice sculptures.
###Chapter 2432
As the Snow Maiden attacked, Batuul’s illusory Elephantine stirred into action.
With a mighty roar, it charged forward and slammed into Arion. Its tusks, sharp as spears, aimed directly at his chest.
Caught in the swirling snow, Arion couldn’t avoid the attack and quickly invoked the Glow Incantation to shield himself. The tusks collided with the barrier in a deafening crash.
The impact sent Arion flying, and the golden light surrounding him shattered like glass. Clearly, the illusory Elephantine’s strength had far exceeded the Glow Incantation’s limits.
As Arion was tossed into the air, the three-headed, six-armed Chimera Wrath seized its moment. With six different weapons in hand, it launched a relentless assault.
Arion swung his sword to block but was driven further back with each blow. With no solid footing in midair, his agility was useless against the onslaught.
After several exchanges, one of the Chimera’s weapons struck Arion squarely in the chest, sending him crashing to the ground with a thunderous impact. A massive crater, ten yards wide, formed at the point of impact.
Coughing, Arion struggled to his feet. Before he could recover, Bailey was on him with his claws aiming straight for Arion’s chest.
In a desperate move, Arion brought his sword up to block the lethal strike. He barely deflected it, but the sheer power behind Bailey’s attack forced him back several staggering steps.
“Go to hell!’
Before Arion could steady himself, Willem seized his chance. In a flash, he appeared behind Arion, and his sharp fangs sank deep into his neck.
Arion froze and was immobilized. His skin began to wither before everyone’s eyes.
Willem was greedily draining Arion’s blood energy and life essence, and there was no stopping him. Within seconds, the once strong and imposing Arion was reduced to a desiccated, lifeless husk.
After satisfying his hunger, he laughed maniacally. “Strongest man of Dragonmarsh? Guess that title doesn’t mean much now.”
He grabbed Arion’s lifeless body and yanked it with brutal force. With a loud rip, Arion was torn in half.
Seeing that, everyone let out a long sigh of relief, and smiles appeared on their faces. They were glad that they had used their ultimate moves without holding back. Otherwise, defeating Arion might not have been possible.
Though they had won, the victory came at a heavy cost. Everyone present was either severely injured or completely drained, with little to gain from the battle. The only consolation was that their greatest threat had finally been eliminated.
“Well done, everyone!” Bailey said with a hearty laugh. “Once we return, the Hall of Gods will reward you handsomely.”
Although the effort to bring down Arion wasn’t without hiccups, the result was positive. They all had given their best, and the plan was successfully executed.
“But there are still some pests left to clean up. Let’s finish them off and take down Sacred Wrym Summit once and for all,” Bailey commanded.
Suddenly, a familiar voice rang out from above. “Hey, it’s not over yet! Where do you think you’re going?”
Everyone reflexively looked up, and their expressions were frozen in shock.
In the night sky above them stood a towering figure. With white hair flowing in the wind and an otherworldly presence, he looked like an immortal descending to earth.
It was Arion.
###Chapter 2433
Arion’s sudden appearance caught everyone off guard. They stared, wide- eyed and slack-jawed.
What was going on? Wasn’t Arion already dead? How could he be standing there in front of them? Could it be a ghost?
They exchanged baffled looks, and their faces were filled with disbelief. They couldn’t make sense of it. How could Arion possibly be alive? It was beyond their comprehension.
“You… you’re not dead?”
No one was more shocked than Willem.
After all his effort, he had finally found the chance to bite into Arion’s neck and drain every drop of his blood.
He was certain Arion had died-there was no way he could have survived. But if Arion was dead, who was this person standing before them?
“Everyone, calm down!” Bailey spoke up. “Arion’s body is still over there. This person must be an imposter.”
At his words, everyone turned to look at the corpse lying nearby.
Bailey was right. The body was still there, and there was no way Arion could still be alive. So, the person in front of them had to be an imposter and was trying to intimidate them.
“A body?” Arion suddenly laughed, his eyes glinting with amusement. “To be honest, that was just one of my Papercraft Clones. I was just having a little fun. Did you seriously think it was real?”
“Papercraft Clone?” Bailey frowned. ” Cut the crap. Do you think you can scare us with just a few words? Dream on!”
What a joke! How could a mere Papercraft Clone be so strong?
Just a moment ago, more than ten elite fighters had given it their all and even used their ultimate move to kill Arion. Many of them suffered serious injuries.
Who else could push them to such extremes if they weren’t fighting with the real Arion? Bailey refused to believe it was just a Papercraft Clone.
Even Willem and the others shared the same doubt. After all, they were the strongest fighters from their respective nations. How could a mere clone require their full power to defeat?
“Don’t believe me? Fine. Let me show you.”
Without further explanation, Arion gave a casual wave of his hand. A breeze swept through, and the body on the ground crumbled into ashes. Another gust of wind carried them away, leaving no trace behind.
The sight left everyone stunned, and their eyes widened with disbelief.
Could it be true? Had their grueling battle with Arion only been against a Papercraft Clone? But how could this be possible? What kind of terrifying level had the real Arion reached if a mere clone was this powerful?
The thought sent a chill down their spines. It suddenly dawned on them that the situation was spiraling out of their control.
“Arion, enough with the tricks! I don’t believe you can’t be killed!” Bailey shouted. “Don’t worry, everyone! If we can kill him once, we can do it again. As long as we work together, we can make it happen.”
His words reignited the fighting spirit of his allies. After all, no matter how powerful Arion was, he was still a mortal. As long as they gave it their all, they could still kill him.
“Enough talking! Let’s take him down together!” Willem roared. He flapped his wings and transformed into a streak of black light as he charged straight at Arion.
“Kill him!” Bailey launched himself off the ground like a missile with his claws aimed at Arion’s chest.
“Let’s take him down!”
The other fighters quickly followed suit, unleashing their ultimate moves in a coordinated assault. They had no other options left-it was a battle where their lives were on the line.
Anthony summoned Snow Maiden to use her Frostbound Technique.
Batuul invoked the illusory Elephantine and commanded it to use Elephant Deity’s Fury to carry out a brutal attack.
The six-armed Chimera Wrath from Eskus leaped into the air while swinging its weapons in a storm of strikes.
This coordinated teamwork had helped them defeat Arion before, and they were now repeating the same tactic.
Arion chuckled as he surveyed the approaching enemies from all sides. Then, he raised the Celestial Slay and casually slashed toward Snow Maiden, who was spewing a cold mist.
The white sword aura flashed by, and Snow Maiden screamed as her body exploded into countless particles of light and dissipated.
The shockwave sent Anthony flying. Blood spurted from his mouth and nose, and he was seriously injured. His demonic blade snapped in two with a sharp crack.
Arion then swung his sword again. The white sword aura moved with blinding speed as it cut through the illusory Elephantine with a crushing force. The momentum didn’t stop and continued toward Batuul.
There was a thunderous explosion as his body disintegrated into a shower of blood mist that scattered through the air. Nothing was left of him.
Without pause, Arion delivered his third strike. The white sword aura sliced through the air with overwhelming force as it destroyed Chimera Wrath’s weapons and severed all six of its arms.
The imposing figure of Chimera Wrath immediately reverted to its original form-Vanzan, Shyvan, and Noir. The trio was now gravely injured and armless. They lay helplessly on the ground and were unable to move.
Arion followed up with two more strikes, one aimed at Bailey and the other at Willem.
Before they could react, the sword auras were already upon them, and there was no time to dodge. They could only raise their arms to block.
Two explosions ripped through the air.
Willem’s body exploded as blood splattered with severed limbs and arms scattered across the ground.
Even Bailey, known for his incredible defense, couldn’t withstand the blow. His arms were shattered, and his chest was torn open with his internal organs exposed.
From the moment the attack began to its end, it took no more than a few seconds.
Arion effortlessly ended the chaotic skirmish with overwhelming force, which left his enemies no room to resist. Throughout the entire fight, they never even had a chance to retaliate.
###Chapter 2434
When the dust finally settled, Arion was the only one left standing.
Bailey, Willem, Anthony, Batuul, the three elite assassins from Eskus, and several gods from the Hall of Gods were either dead or gravely injured.
Willem’s body had been blasted into countless pieces. Each fragment wriggled on the ground as it struggled to piece together. Batuul fared even worse. He was utterly obliterated, leaving no trace behind, not even ashes.
On the contrary, Bailey and the three Eskus assassins had both their arms severed and were gravely wounded.
Though Anthony’s limbs were still intact, his crushed internal organs left him coughing up blood. The backlash from the demonic blade had also taken a devastating toll on his body.
He now appeared decades older, his face gaunt and hollow, his hair gray.
His frail frame made him look like a man standing at death’s door.
“H-How is this possible? No… this can’t be happening!” Bailey’s expression was a mixture of shock and disbelief as he stared at the carnage- the severed limbs and mangled bodies littering the ground.
The people who lay there weren’t just any fighters-they were the top martial artists from around the globe. Each one alone could dominate entire battlefields with ease.
But never in Bailey’s wildest dreams did he imagine that these elite fighters would be unable to withstand even a single strike from Arion’s blade. Or rather, Arion’s strength had far surpassed anything they could have prepared for.
They had fought tooth and nail for hours and used their ultimate techniques, yet all they managed to kill was a Papercraft Clone. When the real Arion entered the fray, they didn’t even have the strength to defend themselves.
The difference in strength was absolute -Arion was in a league of his own. Their ambush that day was nothing short of walking straight into a lion’s den.
“I’ve always tried to get along with others and never look for trouble. But bastards like you had the nerve to attack Sacred Wrym Summit. Tell me, who the hell gave you the guts to do that?” Arion’s voice, sharp and commanding, echoed as he hovered above them.
The sheer pressure of his presence was so overwhelming that Bailey and the few survivors could barely catch their breath.
The three Eskus elite assassins were paralyzed with fear. Gritting their teeth against the pain, they dropped to their knees and begged for mercy. They finally grasped the full terror of facing Dragonmarsh’s strongest man.
To them, Arion wasn’t just a man. He was like a god-powerful, fearsome, and untouchable. With no other option, they could only plead for their lives.
“Sage Foyer, I was deceived and made a foolish mistake in offending Sacred Wrym Summit. Please have mercy and forgive me. I’ll give up everything I have to make amends,” Anthony begged, dropping to his knees with his head down in complete submission. His tone was the most sincere he could muster.
He knew his fate lay entirely in Arion’s hands. At that point, pride and honor were irrelevant-survival was all that mattered. He would do anything to stay alive.
“Amends?” Arion scoffed coldly. “Your people from Kimboku have wreaked havoc in Dragonmarsh time and time again. If I let you go, how could I ever face the souls of the fallen because of you?”
“Sage Foyer, there’s a saying in Dragonmarsh that said, ‘Admitting a mistake is the first step toward redemption.’ I know I was wrong. If you spare my life, I swear I’ll never oppose your nation again. Please have mercy.”
In an act of desperation, Anthony smashed his forehead against the ground. Blood trickled down his face.
“It’s not that you regret your action- you just know you’re about to die,” Arion said coldly. “But don’t worry, I forgive you. Just try not to mess up next time.”
Without hesitation, he raised his hand and swung his sword. A flash of white sword light shot out in an instant.
“Sage Foyer, please spare me!” Anthony turned pale with fear.
Before he could react, the sword light pierced through him. His body exploded in a crimson mist, leaving nothing behind.
“Now, it’s your turn,” Arion said, his gaze shifting to the others.
The three Eskus assassins were so terrified they wet themselves. They dropped to their knees and trembled. In their broken Dragonmarsh speech, one could barely make out the words “spare me”.
Bailey, however, quickly regained his composure after a brief moment of panic. Perhaps he had resigned himself to fate. “Go ahead. Put me out of my misery.” He closed his eyes as if ready to face death.
“You’ve got some backbone, so I’ll leave your body intact.” Arion raised his hand and pointed at him. A beam of light shot out like a bullet and pierced Bailey’s forehead.
Bailey shuddered before collapsing to the ground, lifeless.
Then, Arion swiftly decapitated the last three Eskus assassins, and they died without a chance to blink.
All of the Hall of Gods’ elite fighters were wiped out. Their ambush had been a complete failure.
###Chapter 2435
After dealing with the Hall of Gods’ elite fighters, Arion disappeared in a blur. When he reappeared, he was hovering above the forbidden ground of Sacred Wrym Summit.
The scene at the entrance to the forbidden ground was one of utter carnage. Bodies lay strewn across the ground, and rivers of blood flowed freely. All members of the Hall of Gods, including Hank, lay motionless on the ground.
Dustin and Willard, both covered in blood and exuding killing intent, had fought fiercely. After a long, grueling fight, they succeeded in defending the forbidden ground of Sacred Wrym Summit. They had thwarted the Hall of Gods’ plan to destroy the Dracan force.
At that instant, Dustin seemed to sense something and suddenly looked up. Through the mist and darkness, he pinpointed Arion’s figure hovering above. Arion smiled faintly and nodded at Dustin before disappearing again.
Crossing several mountains in mere seconds, Arion arrived above the Sacred Wrym Summit’s grand hall. Below, the disciples of Sacred Wrym Summit were still locked in fierce combat against the elite fighters of the Hall of Gods.
Despite their overwhelming numbers, the Hall of Gods had yet to breach their defenses. Kaden, the newly appointed sage, held the fort, while Oron led a charge alongside several other elite martial artists.
After observing for a brief moment, Arion quickly formed a hand seal and pointed downward.
A massive enchantment circle materialized, spanning over half a mile and covering the entire hall. It spun and pressed down with relentless force, crashing into the enemies below like a mountain falling from the sky.
The elite fighters of the Hall of Gods collapsed one after another. They writhed on the ground and were unable to move.
With a single strike, Arion took down nearly 90% of the enemy forces. The remaining survivors were swiftly overwhelmed by a counterattack from the disciples of Sacred Wrym Summit.
Before Arion stepped in, the battle had been intense, with neither side gaining the upper hand. But once he took action, it was over in an instant.
To Arion, the Hall of Gods’ carefully laid plan seemed like nothing more than a joke. In the face of overwhelming power, every scheme was bound to fail.
After neutralizing all the invaders, Arion vanished without a trace. Yet, many Dragonmarsh martial artists witnessed his incredible power.
Not far from Sacred Wrym Summit, three notable figures had gathered in a rare meeting inside a tavern-Alloy of the Celestial Alliance, Cyrus of the Sword Union, and Penelope of the Mystic Arts Order.
They had heard whispers of the Hall of Gods’ planned invasion. Instead of leaving, they chose to stay hidden nearby to witness the unfolding spectacle.
The Hall of Gods had assembled the top fighters from across the globe and were determined to succeed. They assumed that even if these fighters couldn’t kill Arion, they could at least injure him or force him to fight at full strength.
The reality, however, was not as they had imagined.
Throughout the battle, Arion treated them like a cat toying with a mouse.
His Papercraft Clone alone was enough to devastate the Hall of Gods’ elite fighters. When he finally took matters into his own hands, the battle turned into an overwhelming one-sided massacre.
Alloy, Cyrus, and Penelope’s emotions swirled as they processed what they had just witnessed. Arion’s strength was far beyond anything they had imagined.
After a long pause, Aloy let out a soft sigh. “I wasn’t sure before, but now it’s clear-Arion really has reached the legendary realm.”
The terrestrial immortal was the highest realm one could aspire for, but it was unreachable-something that they could only dream of achieving.
Over thousands of years, countless experts on the Legendary List had aspired to reach this level, yet only five had ever succeeded. Their existence was recorded only in historical texts, with no living witnesses to confirm it.
But Arion was different. He was real, and the battle earlier had proven it.
“A terrestrial immortal…” Cyrus muttered, and his face clouded with despair. “It’s clear that ordinary people like us are no match for that.”
He used to be arrogant and even challenged Arion. Though he lost, he hadn’t gained much insight from the experience.
But now, after witnessing Arion’s overwhelming strength firsthand, he realized the gap between them was as vast as a drop of water in the ocean. It finally dawned on him that only a terrestrial immortal could easily crush an ultimate grandmaster.
“Today’s events taught us one thing- never cross Sacred Wrym Summit. Just that old beast alone could wipe out our entire guild,” Penelope said, shaking her head.
What they expected to be a grand spectacle, turned into a one-sided massacre. After this, it was unlikely the Hall of Gods would dare provoke Sacred Wrym Summit for at least a century.
Of course, whether Arion would leave Sacred Wrym Summit to hunt the Hall of Gods abroad was another matter. That would depend entirely on his mood. If he decided to act, it would be only a matter of time before the Hall of Gods was wiped off the map.
The night deepened, and the Dragonmarsh’s governmental organization arrived at the scene with its military forces, only to find devastation everywhere. The members of the Hall of Gods were either dead or gravely injured, and the few survivors were taken into custody.
Sacred Wrym Summit, not wanting to deal with the aftermath, handed all the prisoners over to the military forces.
While the conspiracy had targeted Sacred Wrym Summit, from an official standpoint, it was treated as a conflict between nations. The authorities saw it as an opportunity to negotiate better terms for the country.
This time, the Hall of Gods suffered a crushing defeat. They lost their forces and reputation.
###Chapter 2436
The chaos of the night quickly settled.
By morning, as the first light of dawn broke across the horizon, Sacred Wrym Summit had regained its usual tranquility. Yet, the bloodstains across the ground and the wreckage of buildings stood as grim reminders of the previous night’s violence.
The military forces summoned by Grace had already taken the Hall of Gods’ prisoners into custody.
Rumors spread like wildfire, fueling gossip throughout the martial world as all the major guilds watched with keen interest. After all, very few in history had ever dared to challenge Sacred Wrym Summit, and a bold invasion aimed at destroying it was nothing short of unprecedented.
The outcome was clear to all who bore witness. After many years, the world had come to recognize the true terror of Arion. He was no mere mortal-he was almost a godlike figure.
Inside the Hall of Gods’ headquarters in Streuqua, the core members were gathered, seated in two rows on either side of the grand hall.
On the throne facing the entrance sat a man clad in golden armor, his face hidden behind a golden mask. He was unusually tall and muscular, even while seated. His guards, who stood at nearly six and a half feet tall, appeared as small as a child in comparison.
This man was Satan, the Supreme Leader of the Hall of Gods and the mightiest being in Streuqua. No one knew what he looked like, nor could they gauge the full extent of his strength.
Even the name “Satan” was only known to outsiders and passed down through legend. Since the Hall of Gods was founded centuries ago, he had maintained his position as Supreme Leader.
Though many had challenged his authority, the outcomes had always been catastrophic. Among those challengers were leaders from some of the most powerful factions in the underworld. Over time, his fearsome reputation had been cemented in everyone’s minds.
As Satan reviewed the latest battle report from his subordinates, his crimson eyes-hidden beneath his mask-narrowed with anger and deadly intent. He had never anticipated that his carefully laid plans would end in utter failure.
Bailey, Willem, and the assassins from other nations were all elite fighters. Together with the elite force from the Hall of Gods, wiping out Sacred Wrym Summit should have been a given. But the results had been a crushing disappointment.
Were his subordinates incompetent, or was the defender of Sacred Wrym Summit truly that strong?
“Everyone, what do you think went wrong with this mission?” There was a long silence before Satan finally spoke. His voice was hollow, emotionless, and gave no hint of joy or sorrow.
A man in a large black robe with his features hidden spoke up. “My Lord, the failure of this mission falls mostly on Grizz Lord Bailey.”
He continued, “With his strength, he was never fit to hold the title of God King. He didn’t have the power or the leadership to handle the responsibility, which led to the mission’s failure.”
At that moment, a woman with a seductive figure and an Erythian mask spoke up. “Poseidon, you might want to watch your words. Bailey was personally appointed by His Lordship.
Are you questioning his judgment?”
“Hera, don’t stir things up. I’m not questioning His Lordship’s decision- I’m just saying Bailey wasn’t fit to replace Hades,” Poseidon countered coldly.
“At the end of the day, you still refuse to admit it.” She laughed lightly.” Everyone acknowledges Bailey’s strength, and his appointment as God King was a unanimous decision. So, you can’t just talk him down like that.”
“If he’s so great, why did the whole plan go south? Why was the entire army wiped out?” He scoffed.
“You…” Hera was momentarily silenced.
“That’s enough!” A loud voice cut through the tension. The man in front of them, a broad-shouldered figure with blonde hair, spoke sharply. “No more arguing in front of His Lordship.
Show some respect.”
Poseidon and Hera fell silent. It was apparent the two still held some reverence for the blonde man.
“Zeus, what do you think?” Satan turned his head slightly toward the blonde man. His crimson eyes fixed on him.
“My Lord, I believe the primary reason the mission failed was a lack of proper intelligence.” Zeus analyzed the situation calmly.
He continued, “Our understanding of Sacred Wrym Summit was insufficient, and much of what we gathered was useless. Worst of all, we severely underestimated Arion’s strength. This led to Bailey’s ambush failing, and in the end, everything fell apart.”
“Go on.” Satan nodded.
Zeus’ tone grew more serious. “From my investigation, it’s clear that Arion’s strength has exceeded the limits of a mortal. Unless you, my Lord, intervene personally, no one stands a chance against Arion.”
His words were filled with a respectful tone, though Zeus himself believed that even if Satan faced Arion, victory wasn’t guaranteed.
“I cannot leave the Hall of Gods’ territory for personal reasons. So, I must consider the mission to kill Arion a failure.” There wasn’t the slightest change in Satan’s tone. “While we can’t destroy Sacred Wrym Summit, our plans for Dragonmarsh must continue.
What do you propose next?”
“I suggest focusing on the royal family of Dragonmarsh,” Zeus said, lowering his voice. “According to my investigation, their king is dying. Once he’s gone, the nation will fall into chaos. If we seize this opportunity to place a puppet prince on the throne and help him secure power, the entire nation will be ours.”
“A sound strategy.” Satan’s crimson eyes glinted with interest. “Zeus, you’ll lead the operation. All the resources of the Hall of Gods are at your disposal, including Hera and Poseidon. This mission will succeed-failure isn’t an option.”
###Chapter 2437
Dustin had boarded the plane back to Oakvale. His trip to Sacred Wrym Summit had been full of ups and downs.
From the Combat Tournament to the invasion of the Hall of Gods, his journey had been perilous. Thankfully, the outcome was favorable.
He had won the championship at the tournament, acquired three Dracan essences, and ultimately foiled the Hall of Gods’ plan. In every way, the mission had been nearly flawless.
After bidding farewell to his newfound allies, Dustin joined Grace on the return flight. Four of the five Dracan essences had already been gathered, leaving only one remaining.
According to Grace, the last essence had been located, and the person holding it was in Oakvale. Though their identity was still unknown, she suspected it was most likely one of the three princes.
With the position of heir to the throne still uncertain, the three princes were all eager to secure their power.
Whoever obtained the Dracan essence would be blessed with fortune and have a higher chance of claiming the title of royal heir.
However, Dustin wasn’t particularly concerned about that. What mattered most to him was the rumor he had heard.
If he could gather all five Dracan essences, he would stand a good chance of breaking into the terrestrial immortal realm. For any martial artist, it was the ultimate goal in life. Of course, Dustin was no exception.
The plane landed that afternoon. After a brief farewell to Grace, Dustin got in a car and headed to Dash Corporation.
Natasha had established the company, and he had also invested in it.
Together, they made it a symbol of their love. 2
Since arriving in Oakvale, they had been apart and rarely had the chance to see each other. The truth was, there were too many problems weighing on him. From the moment he arrived in Oakvale to uncover the truth, it had been one complication after another.
He had endured Cinna’s betrayal, Seth’s sacrifice, the turmoil at the West Lucozian, and the hardships of searching for the Dracan essence. Deep down, his heart was already exhausted.
After leaving Sacred Wrym Summit, Dustin felt an overwhelming urge to return, and the person he longed to see most was Natasha. She was his sanctuary-the only person he could confide in and reveal his vulnerabilities to.
In the chairman’s office of Dash Corporation, Natasha was dressed in a sharp, professional suit. Her long hair was casually pinned up, accentuating her flawless and stunning features.
At that moment, she was quietly reading the document in her hands. Her focused and serious expression exuded a captivating beauty that felt almost otherworldly. Even her assistant, Tanya Lamb, standing nearby, couldn’t help but stare and was momentarily entranced.
Tanya had been carefully selected for her looks, figure, and abilities. In any other setting, she would undoubtedly be considered a goddess. But next to Natasha, she seemed to fade into the background.
In Tanya’s eyes, Natasha embodied perfection. She couldn’t imagine what kind of man could possibly be worthy of someone like her boss.
“This plan looks solid. Let’s proceed as outlined.” Natasha nodded approvingly after reviewing the documents.
She added, “Also, remind the team to take breaks when necessary. Work-life balance is important. While overtime bonuses are nice, pushing oneself to the point of burnout isn’t worth it.”
Tanya stared blankly at Natasha’s breathtaking beauty and was momentarily lost in a daze.
“Hmm? What’s wrong? Is there a problem?” Seeing Tanya didn’t respond, Natasha glanced up.
Tanya snapped out of her trance and swallowed nervously before shaking her head. Her cheeks flushed, and she replied, “No… no problem at all.”
It was hard not to be distracted, especially with Natasha’s stunning appearance. Initially, she had told herself it was merely admiration. But the more time she spent with Natasha, the more she questioned that assumption.
“Is something on your mind? If you need a break, I can give you a few days off,” Natasha said calmly.
“Sorry, Ms. Harmon. I just spaced out for a second,” Tanya replied, looking flustered.
“It’s okay. Go ahead and get back to work.” Natasha didn’t press the issue. After waving Tanya to leave, she returned to her paperwork.
Dash Corporation was thriving, with business pouring in nonstop. But the more successful things became, the more careful Natasha had to be-one wrong move could spell disaster, especially with Oakvale’s growing instability.
Managing a company in Oakvale as a woman wasn’t easy, especially in such a ruthless environment. While many treated her kindly out of respect for Andrew, Natasha wasn’t naive.
Moreover, the city was teetering on the edge of chaos. Once the new king ascended the throne, her grandfather’s influence would fade, and everything would change.
That was why she had to act quickly- expanding her influence and building connections to secure her place in a city on the verge of turmoil.
Just as Tanya turned to leave, she suddenly paused when she saw a tall and handsome man with a bouquet enter the room.
With sharp eyebrows and bright eyes, he exuded an exceptional charm. His muscular build was perfectly balanced without being too lean. He was the kind of person who left a lasting impression with just one glance.
He met Tanya’s gaze, put his finger to his lips, and gestured for silence. Then, with a mischievous smile, he quietly approached Natasha.
Still somewhat puzzled, Tanya watched quietly and forgot to speak or react.
“What now?”
As the figure approached, Natasha felt his presence and glanced up. Before she could process what was happening, a bouquet appeared in front of her. The overpowering fragrance made her frown, so she looked closely at the figure and froze.
Was she seeing things? She rubbed her eyes and looked up again. The person’s features were unmistakable, and he was the one she had thought about constantly.
“Dear, you’re finally home!” Tears welled in Natasha’s eyes as she stood up and immediately embraced Dustin. She hugged him tightly as if fearing he would disappear.
###Chapter 2438
While Dustin was away, Natasha couldn’t help but worry about him. She would always keep an eye out for any news about him. But no matter how much she missed him, she wouldn’t call him.
She didn’t want to distract or cause him to lose focus on the important matters concerning the nation’s affairs. Understanding how busy he was, she kept her feelings in check and buried herself in work to keep her mind occupied.
But when Natasha finally saw Dustin again, all the emotions she had bottled up came rushing out. Months of longing turned into overwhelming affection, and tears streamed down her face uncontrollably.
Her assistant, Tanya, watched in shock.
She had no idea Natasha-typically the poised, decisive, and commanding chairwoman-was in a relationship.
What surprised her even more was how different Natasha seemed around Dustin. The usually unshakable “queen 11 now appeared soft and tender in his presence.
Tanya couldn’t help but watch Dustin more closely. His looks and charisma were undeniable, and he could easily stand out in the entertainment industry.
But Natasha had always been surrounded by suitors-top executives, influential heirs, even powerful political figures. Despite their perfect appearances and impeccable backgrounds, none had ever caught her eye or won her heart.
Tanya was left wondering who Dustin really was and what it was about him that made Natasha, a woman many considered out of reach, fall for him.
“Alright, enough tears. I’m back now. Look at you your face is all blotchy.” Dustin lowered his head and cupped Natasha’s face with both hands as he gently wiped away her tears with his thumbs.
Their eyes met, and the room seemed to fill with unspoken emotion.
Natasha stood on her tiptoes and pressed her red lips to his in a passionate kiss. Dustin froze momentarily, and his cheeks turned pink, but he didn’t pull away.
When she finally pulled back, satisfaction lit up her tear-brightened eyes. Her voice carried a hint of playful reproach. “Hmph! You’ve been gone for so long, and you finally remember to come back? I thought you’d forgotten all about me!”
“How could I?” Dustin replied with a smile. “I might forget everyone but not you. The moment I got back to Oakvale, you were the first person I came to see.”
“Really?” She raised an eyebrow, clearly skeptical.
“Of course. I swear!” Dustin said, raising his hand in a mock pledge.
“Hmph! That’s more like it.” Natasha smiled with satisfaction. To her, as long as she was in his heart, nothing else mattered.
“It’s been a while since I last saw you. You look like you’ve lost weight. Things must’ve been hard for you out there.” She cupped his slightly gaunt face, and her eyes were filled with concern.
“It was a little rough, but it’s all over now. I’ll be staying in Oakvale for a while to be with you,” he replied.
“You’d better keep your word. No backing out!” Her eyes lit up with joy.
“If you don’t believe me, let’s pinky swear.” Dustin wiggled his pinky.
“How childish!” Natasha rolled her eyes but still happily linked her pinky with his.
Seeing how they looked at each other so lovingly, Tanya couldn’t help but smile. It was more heartwarming than anything she had ever experienced in her own love life.
“Tanya, don’t just stand there. Go bring Mr. Rhys some tea,” Natasha said with a wink.
“Oh, right.” Tanya snapped out of her daze and quickly excused herself.
“It’s almost dinnertime. Why don’t you come over to my place? My grandparents are eager to meet you,” Natasha said with a smile.
“Huh? That soon? I wasn’t expecting this at all.”
Dustin felt an unexpected wave of nervousness. It looked like he was about to meet her parents.
“It’s just a simple family dinner,” she reassured him. “Don’t worry. My grandfather might have a big reputation, but he’s easygoing. You don’t need to stress over it.”
She assumed Dustin was intimidated by Simon’s commanding presence since only a few people in Oakvale outranked him.
“Alright, but we should pick up a gift. What do your grandparents like?” Dustin asked.
“No need for that,” Natasha replied, shaking her head. “We’re family. No need to be formal.”
“It’s my first time meeting them, and I don’t want to show up empty-handed. I want to make a good impression, especially with your grandparents,” he insisted. 3
“You’re right.” She nodded thoughtfully. “Okay. Let’s head out and pick something nice for them.”
“What about your work?” Dustin glanced at the documents on the desk.
“Work can wait. You’re way more important. Let’s go,” Natasha said with a sweet smile. She linked her arm with his and held a bouquet in the other hand.
As they walked out of Dash Corporation, all the employees watched in stunned silence.
###Chapter 2439
After leaving Dash Corporation, Dustin and Natasha headed to the mall, where they picked out gifts for every member of the Ballard family. From the eldest to the youngest toddlers, no one was left out.
Later, they stopped by an antique shop and chose a beautiful calligraphy painting as a special gift for Simon.
By evening, Dustin had everything ready for his first visit to the Ballard estate, located in the heart of Oakvale’s city center. The estate was a sprawling courtyard mansion built on a large plot of land.
Simon, the Duke of Lachshire, had three sons and a daughter. His eldest son, Jonathan Ballard, was a third- ranked official in the government.
The second son, Jensen Ballard, was a successful entrepreneur in the pharmaceutical industry in Oakvale, with billions in assets.
Meanwhile, the youngest son, Jovian Ballard, had made a name for himself in the military and was now a third- ranked general.
Simon’s youngest daughter, Jessica- Natasha’s mother-was highly favored within the family.
As a result, Natasha was the family’s golden child. She was treated like a precious gem that everyone wanted to protect. Her success with Dash Corporation wouldn’t have been possible without the support of her grandfather and uncles.
So, when the Ballard family heard Natasha was bringing her fiancé home, they made sure to prepare well in advance. Simon rushed home, and her three uncles cleared their schedules to meet her fiancé.
When Dustin stepped into the living room, he was surprised by the sight.
The room was packed with people- four generations of the Ballard family. It seemed like everyone who could make it was there.
The intense stares made him feel a little uncomfortable. This was supposed to be a simple family dinner, yet it felt more like a grand event.
Dustin looked at Natasha, who winked mischievously at him and gave him an innocent look.
Everyone eyed him closely as they whispered among themselves.
“Is this Natasha’s fiancé? He certainly looks like a fine young man.”
“He looks good, but I wonder about his abilities. I hope he’s not just a little boy toy.”
“Don’t worry. Natasha’s got great taste. She’s the type who wouldn’t be impressed by someone like Anders, the Chosen One.”
Simon cleared his throat, and the chatter died down. It was impolite to gossip when the guest was right there.
“Dustin, this is my grandfather, my grandmother, my uncles-Jonathan, Jensen, and Jovian-and their wives, plus my cousins.” Natasha smiled as she introduced her family.
Dustin politely greeted them all.
Turning to Simon, she said, ”
Grandfather, this is Dustin Rhys. I told you about him before. You met him once in Balerno.”
“Ah, yes. He’s a fine young man.”
Simon nodded in approval.
He had already had someone investigate Dustin’s background. He turned out to be a rare talent- intelligent and capable-a match that barely met Simon’s high standards for his granddaughter.
As for Dustin’s true identity, however, there was a bit of mystery around him. Even with Simon’s connections, he hadn’t been able to uncover much in such a short time. But the more elusive Dustin seemed, the more it confirmed that he was no ordinary man.
“Grandfather, since this is Dustin’s first visit, he brought gifts for everyone. “Natasha waved her hand, and a group of housekeepers quickly entered, carrying large bags.
She and Dustin began handing out the gifts, starting with the oldest family members. Luckily, they had prepared enough for everyone. 1
After distributing dozens of gifts, there were still a few left. Instead of keeping them, they gave the extra ones to the younger kids.
“Hey! You didn’t have to bring all these gifts-you’re too generous!”
“Yeah, Dustin. We’re going to be a family soon. No need for all the formalities.”
“Come on, don’t just stand there. Sit down.”
Jonathan, Jensen, and Jovian were brimming with enthusiasm. After pulling Dustin into a seat, they immediately bombarded him with questions. They asked about his age, his occupation, and where his parents were from.
Each of them took a turn asking questions, and their curiosity got the best of them. Dustin smiled and answered each one politely.
Watching her uncles grill Dustin, Natasha couldn’t help but feel exasperated. They had only just met him and were already digging into his life like they were conducting a census.
Wasn’t that a bit rude?
Seeing that Jonathan, Jensen, and Jovian wouldn’t stop, she gave Simon a pleading look for help.
“Okay, that’s enough from all of you. It’s almost time to eat. Let’s continue the conversation over dinner,” Simon said, and his three sons finally stopped talking.
Everyone made their way to the dining hall. Such gatherings usually only happened during holidays or special events, but that day was an exception.
Inside the dining hall, two large round tables were packed. As the guest of honor, Dustin sat beside Simon at the head of the table.
As everyone was about to dig in, the Ballard family’s butler hurried in and whispered to Simon, “My Lord, Anders from the Mosey family has arrived.”
“Anders Mosey? What’s he doing here? “Jonathan frowned.
“Last time, the Moseys talked about marriage alliance. Do you think he’s here to propose?” Jensen asked suspiciously.
“Hmph! A playboy like him wants to marry into our family? Dream on!” Jovian said coldly.
It was clear that none of the three had a favorable opinion of Anders.
Sure, Anders was one of Oakvale’s four princes-successful in every way and the kind of man many women dreamed of. But his character left much to be desired.
###Chapter 2440
“Dad, what do you think?” Jonathan asked, turning to Simon.
“A guest has arrived, so we can’t be rude. Invite them to the living room so we can discuss things properly,” Simon replied calmly.
Anders represented the Mosey family, and regardless of his intentions, Simon couldn’t simply turn him away. As for the proposed marriage alliance, it was a matter that required thorough consideration.
“Understood,” the butler replied promptly before leaving.
“Go on with your meal. I’m going to meet with Anders,” Simon said, excusing himself from the table.
Jonathan, Jensen, and Jovian exchanged glances and, without hesitation, followed their father. They were curious to see what the Mosey family had in mind.
“Alright, let them handle it. Let’s focus on our meal,” Gemma Letcher, Natasha’s grandmother, said with a smile and signaled everyone to continue eating.
Three minutes later, in the Ballard family’s living room, Simon sat at the head of the table near the entrance. Jonathan and his brothers took seats to his left, arranged in order of age.
The butler soon returned, and he led several people inside.
At the front was a young man with striking features and a commanding presence. His sharp eyes gleamed with a cold intensity. This was Anders Mosey, one of Oakvale’s four princes, also known as the “Veros Warrior”.
Behind him was an elderly man with white hair, accompanied by two broad- shouldered middle-aged men.
The elderly man was around Simon’s age. Though his face was weathered, his energy was unmistakable. He walked with a deliberate, almost regal gait. His hands were clasped behind his back, exuding an air of authority.
This was Zack Mosey, Seamus’ uncle and Anders’ granduncle. Zack commanded immense respect within the Mosey family, and no one dared to cross him. Even Seamus had to treat him with deference.
As for the two middle-aged men behind Zack, they were grandmasters and consultants for the Moseys. Though their ranks were significant, they currently served as bodyguards.
“Greetings, Duke of Lachshire, and Mr. Jonathan, Mr. Jensen, and Mr. Jovian.”
Upon entering, Anders greeted them with a polite nod. His warm smile and effortless charm immediately created a favorable impression.
“Why didn’t you inform us beforehand that a distinguished guest like you was visiting? Had we known, we would have prepared a proper welcome.” Simon smiled faintly.
“I apologize for the unannounced visit, Your Lordship. I hope you’ll forgive me, “Anders replied.
He immediately understood Simon’s subtle hint, but instead of playing the fool, he responded calmly and apologetically.
The three Ballard brothers were taken aback by his change in demeanor. From what they know of Anders, he was a proud and haughty man. At such a young age, he held great power, with an army at his command, and had a reputation for being difficult to deal with.
He wasn’t exactly arrogant, but he was undeniably confident and assertive. Yet today, he was nothing like the forceful figure they knew. It seemed as if he had become more composed and reserved.
Had he become more thoughtful?
“Mr. Mosey, may I ask what brings you to my home?” Simon got straight to the point.
“Before I get into that, allow me to introduce someone.” Anders stepped aside and gestured toward the elderly man. “This is my granduncle, Zack Mosey. He’s a highly respected member of our family but tends to stay out of the public eye.”
“Ah, Mr. Zack. I’ve heard so much about you,” Simon said as he stood up and gave a respectful nod.
He had heard of Zack, the third elder of the Mosey family. While Zack wasn’t as famous as his two older brothers, he still held significant influence within the Mosey family.
“It’s been a while, Duke of Lachshire.
You’re as sharp as ever-your reputation certainly precedes you,” Zack said with a polite gesture in return.
However, there was no smile on his face, just a stiff, almost forced expression. Deep down, he didn’t take Simon seriously at all.
In Oakvale, the Mosey family was second only to the royal family in power among the four ancient houses. The Ballard, Fallon, and Spanner families lagged far behind them- especially the Ballard family, who was the weakest.
Although Simon held a high position, Zack viewed him as an old man with just a few years to live. Once Simon passed away, the Ballard family would only grow weaker by the day. By then, they wouldn’t even be worthy of serving the Mosey family.
“You flatter me, Mr. Zack,” Simon said with a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. He could tell from Zack’s cold attitude that something was off.
He turned to Anders and added, “Since you brought Mr. Zack along, I’m guessing there must be something important on the agenda.”
“Your Lordship, your insight is truly remarkable. I am in awe.” Anders offered a compliment before continuing, “I’m here on behalf of the Mosey family to discuss a marriage alliance with your family.”
“A marriage alliance?” Simon raised an eyebrow but didn’t press further.
“Yes,” Anders replied with a smile. ” Throughout history, marriage alliances have been the best way to strengthen ties and maintain power. Both the Mosey and the Ballard families are among the four ancient houses. If we could form a union, it would surely make both families stronger.”
“Is this your idea or Sir Mosey’s?”
Simon asked tentatively.
A marriage alliance among two ancient houses-the descendants of the royal bloodlines-was never a simple affair. If it were a side branch of the family, it might not raise concern, but a union between the direct lines could easily provoke suspicion from the royal court.
A powerful subordinate could overshadow their superior. Once two ancient houses united and joined forces, they could potentially threaten the throne.
The four ancient houses and the royal family had always understood this delicate balance. No one had ever crossed that line-until now. Anders’s sudden visit hinted that he was testing those boundaries.
Simon needed to figure out if Anders was acting on his own or if Seamus was starting to harbor his own ambitions.
###Chapter 2441
“In response to Your Lordship’s question, this marriage alliance between our two families isn’t my decision alone-it’s also my godfather’s and the entire Mosey family’s,” Anders said with a smile.
“According to the established rules, marriages between royal bloodlines are forbidden. Have you forgotten?” Simon replied coolly.
“Sticking to outdated rules only holds us back,” Anders said, shaking his head with a smile.
He continued, “Right now, Dragonmarsh is going through a turbulent time-internally and externally. I’ve also heard the king’s health is deteriorating. There are rumors he plans to name a successor and step down soon.
“With that, Oakvale will likely be in turmoil. When that happens, all the powerful families-the four ancient houses, the eight great families, and other factions-will be dragged into the chaos.
“That’s why I’m hoping our families can form a marriage alliance to navigate the coming crisis together.”
Simon remained calm and said, “It’s natural for the king to name a successor. Why would there be turmoil? As officials, we just need to do our jobs and not worry about the rest.”
“Your Lordship, I think you’re missing the point.”
Before Anders could say more, Zack, who had been quietly watching, couldn’t hold back. He frowned and said, “Every time there’s a struggle for the throne, it ends in bloodshed. You’ve been in government long enough to understand this. Or are you just pretending not to?”
“Since we’re being direct, let me cut to the chase,” Simon said, unfazed. “The Ballard family doesn’t have the power to get involved in this conflict, and we have no intention of taking sides in the struggle for the throne. My family has always remained neutral, and we won’t favor anyone. This is our stance.”
He naturally understood the Mosey family’s intentions. First, they aimed to form a marriage alliance, thereby uniting the major factions.
Then, they would support a specific prince to ascend the throne. Once the new king was crowned, the Mosey family’s status would rise to even greater heights. Ultimately, it was all driven by the pursuit of power.
“Your Lordship, I hope you don’t mind my bluntness. If your family were merely a third-rate power, no one would pay any attention to you.”
Anders’s expression turned serious.
He continued, “The problem is, your family is one of the four ancient houses, and as Duke, you hold a position of great power. In times like these, remaining neutral in this conflict is practically impossible.
“At this point, you only have two options. The first is to take a side now and back the rise of the next king. If you do that, you’ll be counted among those who helped secure his throne, and the Ballard family will thrive for generations to come.
“The second is to try to stay neutral, but that won’t satisfy anyone. In the end, you’ll lose both your standing and your influence.
“I trust a smart man like you can see the truth in what I’m saying. Surely, you understand that no new king would tolerate a powerful vassal who refuses to take a side.”
Simon fell silent at those words. He couldn’t deny that Anders made a compelling argument. If it were only him, the decision would be straightforward, but Simon represented the entire Ballard family.
With their family’s influence and power, they had become a prized ally coveted by every prince vying for the throne. Staying neutral seemed nearly impossible. He knew refusing to choose a side would likely turn them into a sacrificial pawn.
Once a new ruler came to power, the Ballards would be replaced, and their influence would be stripped away. And when that happened, their enemies would be quick to seize the opportunity.
###Chapter 2442
Even without the king’s involvement, the ambitious individuals would tear the Ballard family apart and leave nothing behind.
If Simon chose the right side and it prevailed, his family could enjoy a century of stability and prosperity. But if he backed the wrong prince, everything could fall apart in a single night.
At that moment, he didn’t know what to choose. This was a critical decision-one mistake and the entire family could be ruined.
“Regarding this matter, I need to think it over carefully. I can’t give you an answer just yet,” Simon said. He knew the stakes were too high. A single misstep could lead to disaster, so he had to be cautious.
“I understand,” Anders replied with a faint smile. “This isn’t an easy decision. Still, I hope Your Lordship can decide soon.”
“Your Lordship, the forces seeking a marriage alliance with the Mosey family aren’t limited to your family alone,” Zack added coolly. “Don’t think you can afford to wait for the highest bidder. Time is running out, and your family’s options are limited.”
“Take your time to consider it. We won’t keep you any longer. Farewell.” Anders rose to his feet. After giving a polite nod, he left with his group.
As soon as the Moseys left, the three Ballard brothers could no longer hold back.
“Dad, the Moseys are so arrogant! How dare they threaten us like that? They’ve gone too far!” Jovian’s face darkened, clearly upset.
His military background made him quick- tempered. If he hadn’t been holding back, he would’ve lashed out earlier.
“The Moseys might be unbearable, but they weren’t entirely wrong. The fight for the throne has always been a national issue. Given our family’s current status, staying out of it would be nearly impossible.” Jensen shook his head.
Though he was a businessman, he knew enough about court politics to understand they had no choice but to get involved.
“Dad, what do you think?” Jonathan asked tentatively.
Simon rubbed his temples and sighed deeply. “This is giving me a headache.”
The fate of the Ballard family was at stake. Even someone as decisive as him couldn’t make a rash decision.
“Since we can’t avoid it, we might as well throw our support behind the prince most likely to win,” Jensen suggested.
“Out of all the princes, Prince Tristan, Prince Matthias, and Prince Nathaniel are the strongest contenders,” Jonathan explained.
He continued his analysis, “By tradition, Prince Tristan should be the obvious choice -he’s the eldest and the legitimate heir, so it would make sense for him to be the crown prince. But with his poor health and short life expectancy, he’s not the ideal candidate.
“As for Prince Matthias, he was trained in the military from a young age and had become an exceptionally skilled martial artist. He is well-respected by the soldiers. He’s brave and strong but lacks the ability to govern.
“Prince Nathaniel, on the other hand, is well-rounded. He excels in both civil and military affairs. But his biggest flaw is his stubbornness and extreme jealousy. He lacks the generosity that a king needs.”
Jovian felt his head start to throb. ”
Jonathan, you’ve laid out the options, but who do you think is the best choice?”
“You’re asking me? Who should I ask?”
Jonathan replied irritably.
If there were an obvious choice, the civil and military officials in the court wouldn’t be so divided. In the end, the struggle for the throne seemed unavoidable. As for who would come out on top, no one could say.
###Chapter 2443
“Honestly, we shouldn’t waste time debating who’s better suited to be king. We just need to figure out who’s most likely to take the throne,” Jensen said matter-of- factly.
As a businessman, he only cared about maximizing profit. To him, it didn’t matter who sat on the throne but who had the best odds. He felt that backing that person would be the wisest choice.
“Who’s most likely depends on who has the strongest backing,” Jonathan said thoughtfully.
“Oh, right! I forgot to ask-who are the Moseys supporting?” Jovian asked, smacking his forehead. They’d been discussing this for so long but still hadn’t figured out where the Moseys stood.
“My guess is Prince Nathaniel.” Jensen narrowed his eyes as he analyzed the situation. “He’s close to Anders. With his immense potential and the king’s favor, the Moseys might see him as their best bet.
“Anders’ personal ties can’t speak for the entire Mosey family,” Jovian countered, shaking his head. “Family interests outweigh personal relationships by far.”
“Dad, you’re experienced and knowledgeable. What’s your take on this?” Jonathan asked.
“If I’m not mistaken, the Moseys have likely placed their bet on Prince Matthias,” Simon said solemnly.
“Prince Matthias? What makes you say that?” Jonathan looked puzzled.
“The Moseys wield immense influence,” Simon explained. “In all of Oakvale, only the Spanner family even comes close under royal authority.”
He continued, “As for Sir Mosey, he’s already reached the pinnacle of what a vassal can achieve. There’s nowhere else for him to rise. If he wants more, his ambition must be aimed at absolute power.
The weight of his words made the three Ballards brothers’ faces darken.
“Are you saying… Sir Mosey wants to overthrow the throne?” Jonathan asked in disbelief.
“That’s hard to believe. I’ve heard that he is charitable, well-liked, and stays out of government affairs. How could he possibly have such grand ambitions?” Jovian asked skeptically.
“You can’t judge a book by its cover,” Jensen said, frowning. “Sometimes, the most amiable people are the most ruthless. Sir Mosey has been lying low for decades. Who’s to say he hasn’t been waiting for just this opportunity?”
Years in business had taught him plenty about people. He had seen men who acted like brothers, showering others with gifts and favors, only to seize the first chance to strike and take everything.
“As unbelievable as it sounds, it’s not impossible,” Simon said. “That said, outright rebellion is too risky. What Sir Mosey really wants is to control the king and use him as a puppet to rule the kingdom.”
“A puppet?” The three Ballards brothers exchanged uneasy looks and frowned deeply.
It reminded them of the infamous Dragon Guard. They worked in the shadows and never flaunted their power, but their name alone struck fear into the entire court. It seemed the Moseys were planning to follow the same path.
Simon explained, “Prince Tristan is too weak and sickly to shoulder the responsibility of the throne, so the Mosey family won’t support him.
“Prince Nathaniel, on the other hand, is skilled in war and diplomacy. While intelligent, he would be challenging to control once in power. His talents are so great they could even threaten the authority of the person who supports him.
“The only viable candidate for the Mosey family to support is Prince Matthias- brave but lacking strategy. He’s easy to manipulate, has potential, and would fit perfectly as a puppet. His rise aligns with Seamus’ expectations. That’s why I believe the Mosey family will back Prince Matthias for the throne.”
Simon shared his reasoning. He had always suspected Seamus was hiding something and played the role of a master strategist so convincingly that no one suspected him.
But now, with the fall of the Dragon Guard and the weakening of the monarchy, the time had come for Seamus to rise. He was finally revealing his true colors.
“Given your analysis, supporting Prince Matthias would best serve the Mosey family’s interests.” Jensen nodded in agreement.
“Dad, since the Mosey family is backing Prince Matthias, who should we support?” Jonathan asked.
“I’m in a dilemma, too.” Simon shook his head and said helplessly, “The four ancient houses and Oakvale’s eight great families all play a role, but the decisive factor will come from the Mosey family and the Spanner family. Before we make a decision, I need to know where the Spanner family stands.”
At that moment, he turned to Jonathan. ” You’re on good terms with the fourth son of the Spanner family. Go and see what you can find out.”
“Got it. I’ll take care of it right away.”
Jonathan nodded before leaving.
The situation was urgent, and there wasn’t much time left for them to make a decision. So, they needed to act fast and gather information.
“Jensen, go check in with the Fallon family as well,” Simon said, turning to his second son.
Though the Fallon family wasn’t as influential as the Spanner family or the Moseys, they were still one of the four ancient houses, on par with the Ballard family.
“Got it!” Jensen replied and quickly left.
“Dad, what about me? What do you need me to do?” Jovian asked eagerly. He couldn’t just sit idly by while something this big was going on.
“Your task is the most important.”
Simon’s expression turned serious. “I need you to go to West Lucozia.”
“What do I need to go to West Lucozia for?
“Jovian was momentarily confused.
“The real factor in the royal succession isn’t the Mosey or Spanner families, but the West Lucozian monarchy, whose influence is unmatched.” Simon made a shocking statement.
He continued, “The West Lucozia iron cavalry is unrivaled. No force in Dragonmarsh can challenge them-not the eight great families of Oakvale or the four ancient houses. None come close to the power of the West Lucozian monarchy. 11
He added, “To put it bluntly, if the Prince of West Lucozia wanted to declare himself king, no one could stop him. When it comes to Oakvale’s struggle for the throne, the opinion of the West Lucozian monarchy is key. Once they pick a side, whoever they back will be the next king.”
“Now I get it.” Jovian nodded. “Dad, I know what I need to do. I’ll head to West Lucozia right away.” 5
With a quick bow, he hurried off.
Simon looked at the darkening sky outside and sighed softly. “Things in Oakvale are about to get messy.”
There was an undeniable sorrow in his expression, as if the weight of his position was pressing on him. In a situation like this, he would have to go with the flow if he couldn’t protect himself.
###Chapter 2444
That night, two young men sat playing chess inside a secluded mansion in the Inner City.
On the left was Anders, who had visited the Ballard estate earlier. Across from him sat Matthias, a broad-shouldered man dressed in richly adorned robes.
The game was intense, with fast moves followed by moments of deep thought. About ten minutes later, Anders finally conceded defeat.
“Anders, you’ve really improved since we last played. You almost had me there,” Matthias said, stroking his beard in mild surprise.
“You flatter me, Your Highness. My chess skills are nothing compared to yours. If you hadn’t gone easy on me, I wouldn’t have lasted half as long,” Anders replied with a modest smile.
“You’re as smooth with words as ever.” Matthias let out a hearty laugh with a look of smug satisfaction. Winning was in his nature-whether in war or on the chessboard, defeat was not an option.
“Well, we’ve eaten, and we’ve played. Let’s get to business.” With a wave of his hand, he signaled his men to clear away the chessboard.
He wiped his hands before continuing, ” Anders, the situation in Oakvale is growing more volatile by the day. The question of who will become crown prince remains unresolved, and it’s wearing me down. I can’t eat, I can’t sleep-it’s maddening.
“You’ve pledged your support to me, so I need you to go all in. We must secure my claim before it’s too late. Only then will I finally have some peace of mind.”
“Your Highness, we’re already giving it everything we’ve got. Of the eight great families, half are now on our side. We’ve also won over many key figures in the government. Simply put, Your Highness has the greatest influence among the princes,” Anders said, bowing his head slightly.
“This won’t cut it.” Matthias shook his head. “The old foxes in the government are nothing more than opportunistic turncoats. They sway with the wind and can’t be trusted.
“The so-called eight great families are just for show. They won’t influence the outcome. The only ones who hold the power to sway my father’s decisions and the entire government are the four ancient houses.”
He shot Anders a pointed look and added, 11 Your family has pledged support to me, but what about the others?”
To secure the title of crown prince, Matthias needed the support of at least two, if not three, of the four ancient houses. If he could rally all four, the title would be as good as his.
“I’ve already reached out to the Fallon and Ballard families,” Anders replied. “The Fallons have made their stance clear. They’re ready to seal a marriage alliance with my family, and the union will happen soon. As for the Ballards, they need a few more days to think it over.”
“And the Spanners?” Matthias asked.
The Fallon and Ballard families weren’t nearly as influential as the Spanner family. Hence, gaining the support of the Spanner family was paramount.
“It seems the Spanner family has become quite close to Prince Nathaniel. I’ve tried visiting several times, but they keep turning me away. It’s hard to win them over,” Anders said, shaking his head.
The Spanner family was influential and well-established. They didn’t need to rely on the Mosey family and were immune to threats and bribes.
“It looks like Nathaniel still has a few tricks up his sleeve to win over the Spanners,” Matthias said thoughtfully. After a pause, he asked, “Any news from Tristan’s side?”
“Prince Tristan’s been keeping to himself and rarely interacts with anyone. Among the eight great families, only one or two are aligned with him. The rest are just opportunistic smaller factions trying to play both sides. They won’t amount to much,” Anders reported.
“He lacks both brains and brawn, and his health is failing. How does someone like him think he’s fit to be the crown prince?” Matthias scoffed.
A sickly weakling like Tristan-who knew how much longer he would survive? The thought of him fighting for power was laughable.
“Prince Tristan might not pose much of a threat, but Prince Nathaniel has strong connections and considerable influence, especially from the Spanner family. He’s a tough opponent,” Anders analyzed.
“Now, your top priority is to win over the Ballard family. We cannot let them side with Nathaniel, or we’ll be at a disadvantage,” Matthias warned.
With the Moseys and Fallons already on his side, securing the Ballards’ support would significantly increase his chances of becoming the crown prince.
However, if the Ballards sided with Nathaniel, it would create a deadlock-two against two-with neither side gaining a clear advantage. In that case, a fierce power struggle would be inevitable.
“Don’t worry, Your Highness. I’ll make sure the Ballard family is on your side, no matter what it takes,” Anders promised.
“Good.” Matthias nodded in satisfaction. ” Once it’s done, all the credit will be yours, and I’ll make sure you’re well rewarded.”
“Thank you, Your Highness,” Anders said respectfully.
“There’s one more thing I need you to keep an eye on.”
“Anything, Your Highness.” Anders lowered his head slightly.
“You’ve probably heard about what’s happening in West Lucozia. Rufus doesn’t have much time left, and the title will likely pass to Logan. I’ve already reached out to him-he’s shrewd but hasn’t made his position clear. Find his weaknesses and see if we can turn them to our advantage.” Matthias narrowed his eyes.
“Logan Rhys?” Anders’ eyes widened in surprise before he nodded firmly. “I understand. I’ll take care of it.”
“Go, and don’t disappoint me.” Matthias waved him off.
Anders nodded again before leaving. He knew convincing Logan would be much more challenging than getting the Ballards on their side.
###Chapter 2445
In another luxurious mansion in the Inner City, a female spy dressed in black, cloaked in a hood, was reporting the results of her investigation to Nathaniel.
“Your Highness, the Moseys have been particularly active recently and are rallying allies. Many of the eight great families and other influential factions have already allied with them. If left unchecked, they’ll pose a serious threat to us,” she said, kneeling with her head lowered slightly.
“So the Moseys are backing Matthias, huh?
“Nathaniel sat quietly, his expression unreadable.
“The Moseys have grand ambitions. While they claim to support Prince Matthias, they’re merely setting him up as a puppet to rise to power and expand their own influence,” she revealed.
She had been infiltrating the Moseys’ mansion for years and had gained a deep understanding of their operations, from the smallest details to the key players.
Though Seamus appeared as a benevolent philanthropist, it was all a fa?ade. Behind closed doors, he was ruthless and would kill without hesitation.
His adopted son once openly disagreed with him on certain matters. Shortly after, the son’s entire family was slaughtered by supposed enemies. That was when Anders rose to power.
While it was claimed to be a revenge attack by enemies, her investigation revealed that Seamus secretly controlled a private army to eliminate anyone who opposed him.
“It seems Seamus’ ambitions are as strong as ever-he’s still scheming to use Matthias to rise to power,” Nathaniel said with a sneer.
He continued, “Unfortunately, Matthias is all muscle, but no brain. He doesn’t even realize how serious the situation is. He actually believes he’s the chosen one and destined to sit on the throne. But in reality, he’s nothing more than a pawn.”
“Your Highness, you’ve been preparing for this moment. Just say the word, and Seamus won’t live to see another night,” the female spy said in a low voice.
She had had multiple opportunities to get close to Seamus. With her skills and the help of other spies, assassinating him wouldn’t be an issue.
“Assassination is a last resort. Unless we’re at the point of mutual destruction, we can’t resort to that.” He shook his head.
A decapitation strike could seriously weaken the Moseys, it would also draw a savage retaliation from them. Oakvale would descend into chaos and become ensnared in an endless cycle of bloodshed.
“Do you have another plan, Your Highness? “the female spy asked.
“Matthias is headstrong and unwilling to live in another’s shadow. He may lack the wisdom of a ruler, but he has the capability of a general. How do you think he’d react if he discovered that he’s just a pawn in Seamus’s game?” Nathaniel smiled slyly.
“Do you mean to sow discord and make them distrust each other?” She quickly grasped his intent.
“Exactly!” Nathaniel smirked. “Their alliance is built on mutual interests, but they can never truly be united. Once suspicion takes root, dismantling their alliance will be straightforward.”
“That is a brilliant strategy, Your Highness.
“The female spy’s eyes lit up.
“Oh, and what has Tristan been up to lately?” Nathaniel asked suddenly.
“Prince Tristan is making every effort to rally support from various factions, but few have pledged their allegiance. He doesn’t pose much of a threat to us.”
“Sure, he’s got big plans, but he’s running out of time.” He stroked his chin as if deep in thought. Suddenly, a grin spread across his face. “Arrange a meeting. I wish to pay him a visit.”
“Understood,” the female spy answered before turning to leave.
###Chapter 2446
An hour later, Nathaniel quietly entered a private mansion wearing a disguise. Inside the living room, Tristan had already prepared tea and refreshments. He looked as if he had been waiting for a long time.
“Sorry to have kept you waiting, Tristan.” Nathaniel took off his coat and walked forward with a smile.
“No need to apologize. I’m happy that you made the effort to arrange this. A few extra minutes are nothing, especially since it’s rare for us to meet.” Tristan gestured for him to sit while he poured two cups of tea and handed one to his brother.
Nathaniel accepted the cup and discreetly set it aside. Whenever he was out, he was always cautious about food and drink- this wariness had become second nature.
“You asked to meet me on short notice. Is this about official matters or something personal?” Tristan took a sip from his cup and got straight to the point.
“Both,” Nathaniel replied, still smiling.
“Oh?” Tristan raised an eyebrow. “Let’s hear it, then.”
“Given how things have unfolded, there’s no need for me to hold back anymore.” Nathaniel sat up straighter, and his smile faded into seriousness.
He continued, “Our father’s health is deteriorating by the day, and the succession question remains unresolved. There are few viable contenders and even fewer with the real ability to claim it.
“As the eldest son and heir by birth, the throne should rightfully be yours. But there’s a growing unrest in the government, particularly from Matthias’ camp. He doesn’t seem fully supportive of the idea.”
“The throne is within reach. Given his ambition, it’s only natural for him to take a shot.” Tristan’s expression remained neutral.
If Matthias had ambition, so did Nathaniel.
“If this were a fair competition between the three of us, we’d each rely on our own abilities. But the problem now is, someone’s trying to interfere and take what belongs to us.” Nathaniel made a startling statement.
“Huh?” Tristan frowned. “What do you mean?”
“You probably haven’t heard yet, but the Mosey family has allied with several factions to support Matthias for the throne. Right now, Matthias pretty much has everything under his control.” Nathaniel explained.
“Matthias gaining the Mosey family’s support speaks to his own ability.” Tristan kept his expression neutral.
“Support?” Nathaniel shook his head. “If you think that’s the case, you’re sorely mistaken.”
“What do you mean?” Tristan asked, puzzled.
Nathaniel began explaining, “Based on my investigation, Seamus is a master schemer with an insatiable hunger for power. His support for Matthias isn’t born from true loyalty-he’s merely exploiting him for his own ambitions.
“We both know what Matthias is like. He’s exceptional when it comes to leading armies and fighting wars. But when it comes to playing dirty or scheming, he’s no match for Seamus.
“Right now, Seamus is using Matthias’ name to form alliances and further his own agenda. If Matthias truly ascends to the throne, Seamus will pull the strings and become the true ruler.
“At that point, not only will Matthias become Seamus’s puppet, but the entire Linsor dynasty will crumble.”
His face was grim as he spoke, and his voice rang out like thunder.
###Chapter 2447
After hearing Nathaniel’s words, Tristan’s expression darkened. His brow furrowed as he sank into deep thought.
It seemed he had underestimated the situation. He had assumed it was just a simple rivalry between brothers; he hadn’t anticipated Seamus seizing the chance to further his own agenda.
Seamus already wielded considerable influence. Under the guise of supporting Matthias’ ascension to the throne, he had been forming alliances and recruiting talents. His influence had grown to rival the royal family’s.
If Seamus really supported Matthias’ ascension, he’d overshadow the king, and no one would be able to stop him. The worst-case scenario would be Seamus using Matthias as a puppet to overthrow the House of Linsor.
“Nathaniel, is everything you said true?” Tristan frowned.
“Absolutely. Every word,” Nathaniel replied solemnly. “Of course, if you don’t believe me, you can send someone to investigate.”
“I believe you. But… taking down Seamus won’t be easy. Do you have a plan?” Tristan asked.
“I’ve already sent someone to warn Matthias, but it hasn’t done much good. He believes I have an agenda and doesn’t trust me. Right now, the only option is for us to join forces and stop him from ascending to the throne. That’s the only way we can crush Seamus’s plot,” Nathaniel said.
His words contained a mix of truth and self -interest. While they seemed righteous, they also revealed his hidden agenda. At the moment, he couldn’t match Matthias’ influence.
But with Tristan’s help, their chances of success would be much higher. And once Matthias was out of the way, the throne would be his. He knew Tristan was no match for him this was the real heart of his scheme.
“I guess that’s our only choice.” Tristan nodded thoughtfully. To protect both the House of Linsor and his own interests, he couldn’t let Matthias ascend the throne.
“So, does this mean you agree?” Nathaniel raised an eyebrow.
“For both personal and political reasons, I can’t let Seamus’ plan succeed. But with just the two of us, we’re not strong enough to take him on. We’ll need to secure a few more powerful allies,” Tristan explained.
“Of the eight great families, four have already sided with the Moseys. We can still try to get the other four, but we’ll need your connections for that,” Nathaniel said.
“I know a few friends in the great families.
It shouldn’t be too difficult to persuade them,” Tristan said and added, “But rather than focusing on the great families, our priority should be the four ancient houses. Aside from the Moseys, there are also the Spanners, the Fallons, and the Ballards.
“The Fallons are closely tied to the Moseys. They’re likely already allied with Matthias, so winning them over will be difficult. For the time being, we’ll need to focus on the Spanners and Ballards.”
Nathaniel said calmly, “I have good relations with the Spanners, so I’ll talk to them. As for the Ballards, I’ll leave that to you.”
“Okay. I’ll visit the Ballards tomorrow morning and see where the Duke of Lachshire stands on this.” Tristan nodded and didn’t reject the idea.
If they could secure the Ballards’ support, it would be a huge advantage for them.
“I have one more favor to ask,” Nathaniel said after a moment.
“Just tell me. We’re in this together, and we should help each other out,” Tristan responded confidently.
“To stay ahead, we need a decisive advantage in intelligence, and that happens to be Grace’s specialty. Her Serenity Hall is one of the top three intelligence networks in Dragonmarsh. If we can get her to help us, everything will go a lot smoother,” Nathaniel explained.
Among the many royal siblings, Grace was undoubtedly the most outstanding. Unlike the rest of them, who focused on military or political matters, she had built an extensive intelligence network that spanned across the entire nation. She was certainly not someone to be underestimated.
“You want me to recruit her to our cause?”
Tristan asked, narrowing his eyes.
“You’ve always had a good relationship with her. If you ask, I doubt she’ll turn you down,” Nathaniel said with a smile.
“That’s not necessarily the case.” Tristan shook his head. “I know her well. She never takes sides in royal rivalries. Asking her to side against Matthias isn’t something she’d ever agree to.”
Grace’s intelligence network was unparalleled, but she was a woman of principle. She had always maintained neutrality regarding the rivalry among the royal siblings.
“All we need is for Grace to provide us with intelligence. We’re not asking her to take direct action. I don’t think that would compromise her principles. If it comes to it, we can offer a higher fee for the information,” Nathaniel reasoned.
“But…” Tristan frowned and hesitated.
“Think about the bigger picture,”
Nathaniel said earnestly.
After a moment, Tristan nodded. “Fine. I’ll give it a try, but I can’t make any promises.
Though reluctant to drag Grace into this, the current political instability and the growing tensions in the government left him with no other choice. As a royal heir, he couldn’t afford to stand idly by. He had no choice but to face some things head-on, even if he didn’t want to do them.
###Chapter 2448
At the Ballard estate, Dustin was warmly welcomed to stay after dinner. This was the first time Natasha had brought her boyfriend home, so the Ballards made a big deal of it.
Simon personally accompanied the young couple and invited them to the study to chat over tea. With his sharp eye, Simon could tell Dustin was no ordinary martial artist. His manners, speech, and broad knowledge set him apart from most people.
“Dustin, I fully support your relationship with Natasha. Your background or status doesn’t matter. What matters most is that you two are happy together.”
Simon paused and said earnestly, “I want you to understand that she’s been pampered all her life and hasn’t faced much hardship. Now that she’s with you, I hope you’ll take good care of her.”
“Don’t worry, Mr. Ballard. I would never let her down,” Dustin replied sincerely.
Though they had known each other for some time and hadn’t yet taken their relationship to the next level, they had already made their feelings clear. Natasha had shown him unwavering devotion, and he had no intention of letting her down.
“Grandfather, you don’t have to worry about that. I have a sharp eye for people and would never pick the wrong one.” She smiled proudly.
“You rascal, I’m not worried about you being mistreated. But what I’m concerned about is Dustin-what if he starts picking up your bad habits?” Simon teased.
“Grandfather, why are you so negative? Aren’t you worried I won’t find someone to marry?” Natasha pouted, clearly displeased.
He laughed heartily. “A Ballard daughter never has trouble finding a good match. Worst case, we can skip the wedding gifts and just give the groom a little extra from the family’s wealth.”
“Now, that’s too generous for him.” She shot Dustin a playful glance.
“Speaking of marriage, Dustin, what do you think? If it works for you, we should arrange a time for the families to meet and start making plans. It would be best to move forward with things,” Simon said, changing the subject.
Oakvale would soon become unstable, and he couldn’t predict what would happen to the Ballard family in the future. While things were still relatively calm, marrying off Natasha would be one less thing for him to worry about.
“Mr. Ballard, I have some things I need to take care of at the moment, so I can’t commit to anything right now. But I promise, within three months, I’ll give you a definite answer,” Dustin replied.
He hadn’t yet gathered all the Dracan essence, and with the nation’s fate on his shoulders, he couldn’t afford to be careless. Plus, he still had matters to discuss with West Lucozia. Since it was a meeting between both families, he would also need to inform Rufus.
“Your words are enough to put me at ease. “Simon nodded.
Three months wasn’t long. If all went well, Dustin and Natasha would be able to marry by the end of the year.
“By the way, Grandpa, has something happened at home? I haven’t seen Uncle Jonathan or the others,” Natasha suddenly asked.
Earlier, while they were dining, people from the Mosey family had unexpectedly shown up. After which, Jonathan, Jensen, and Jovian left and never returned. This had naturally piqued her curiosity.
“There’s been a bit of trouble, but it’s nothing serious. Don’t worry about it,” Simon said with a reassuring smile.
“Grandfather, you’ve looked troubled since we sat down for dinner. That doesn’t seem like a small issue. If something’s bothering you, why not tell us? Maybe we can come up with a solution,” she suggested.
“We can’t hide anything from you, huh?” Simon grinned and shook his head. He had hoped to keep the family out of this, but now it was clear he couldn’t hide them anymore. Natasha was sharp and full of ideas, so he figured she might just have a solution.
“The issue I’m dealing with is serious. It affects not only the future of our family but also the future of Dragonmarsh.” His expression grew serious as he spoke.
“What is it?” Natasha asked curiously.
“There’s a rumor that the King is terminally ill and doesn’t have much time left. However, the selection of the heir has yet to be decided. All capable contenders start making moves-forming alliances and gathering supporters. I believe Oakvale is about to be torn apart in a bloody struggle.” Simon sighed.
“So, Anders’ visit today was about using the marriage alliance to pull our family into their camp?” Natasha quickly grasped the heart of the matter.
Anders had hinted at the idea of an alliance before. He even tried to pursue her, but she had always brushed him off. Now, it seemed the Mosey family had been scheming this from the start.
“You’re right. The Moseys are looking to ally with us to strengthen their own power. “Simon nodded.
“So the problem you’re facing is whether to join their side?” Natasha asked. “If we turn them down, it’s like making enemies of them, and if they rise to power, things could get really tough for our family. But if we join and lose in the power struggle, the fallout could be disastrous.”
She frowned and finally understood Simon’s dilemma-this was a tough call. The real kicker was that, with the Ballard family’s influence, they were trapped and unable to sidestep the mess entirely.
“Yes. We’re in a tough spot right now, so we need to tread carefully with our decision. That’s why your uncles have all gone off,” Simon said.
“Where did they go?” Natasha asked.
“Jonathan went to the Spanner family to inquire about the situation, while Jensen went to the Fallon family to gather information. As for Jovian, I asked him to go to West Lucozia last night,” Simon replied without holding anything back.
“West Lucozia?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. Had Simon sent Jovian to consult with the Rhys family?
###Chapter 2449
“Grandfather, I understand why you sent Uncle Jonathan and Uncle Jensen to the Spanner and Fallon families to gather information,” Natasha began. “But West Lucozia is thousands of miles away.”
She shook her head slightly. “They’ve always stayed out of the government’s political matters. Sending Uncle Jovian there wouldn’t achieve anything. He’d likely just be turned away.”
Oakvale and West Lucozia were worlds apart. The fight for the Oakvale throne didn’t really affect the West Lucozian monarchy. Both sides had long adhered to an unspoken agreement to avoid meddling in each other’s affairs.
“I know, but it’ll be different this time. The royal throne is at stake, and every faction will do whatever it takes to secure West Lucozia’s support. If the West Lucozian monarchy picks a side, the balance we’ve maintained for years will collapse. That’s why I need to be ready for whatever happens,” Simon replied.
It would be best if the West Lucozian monarchy stayed out of the political struggle, but if they ever stepped in, Oakvale would be thrown into chaos. With hundreds of thousands of cavalry under their command, even the slightest movement on their part could send shockwaves through the region.
“Grandfather, what if… I mean, what if they do decide to interfere in the battle for succession? What happens then?” Natasha asked hesitantly.
“If the West Lucozian monarchy truly intends to intervene, then that’s actually good news for us,” Simon replied. “At least we won’t have to keep second-guessing. Whoever they support, we will as well. That way, we can be sure we’re on the right side.”
The four ancient houses and the eight great families paled in comparison to the West Lucozian monarchy. If the Prince of West Lucozia decided to act, he could install a puppet ruler and control the outcome.
Natasha quickly understood. “So, you’re sending Uncle Jovian to see if the West Lucozian monarchy plans to interfere with the royal family?”
“My main concern is whether he’ll even be able to get into the castle. Our family’s influence doesn’t carry much weight there.
“Simon sighed.
The Ballard family, one of the four ancient houses, had a commanding presence in Oakvale. Their influence was so strong that everyone followed their orders-even the royal family had to show them respect.
But in West Lucozia, it was an entirely different matter. It was a place where not even the royal family could interfere. All the connections, power, and prestige the Ballard family held in Oakvale meant nothing in West Lucozia. Simply put, in that land, the Prince’s word was law.
“Mr. Ballard, if you’re interested in visiting the West Lucozian monarchy, I can help with that,” Dustin said suddenly.
Typically, he wouldn’t have spoken up, but given Natasha and her family’s future, he knew he had to step in.
“Oh?” Simon raised an eyebrow, surprised. “Do you have connections in the West Lucozian monarchy?”
“Sort of.” Dustin nodded. “I can arrange for someone to meet Mr. Jovian in West Lucozia. That should make things a lot easier.”
He didn’t reveal his identity because he didn’t want to get caught in political struggles, nor did he want special treatment.
“That sounds great! If we have a connection to help us, everything will go much more smoothly.” Simon smiled and nodded. “I’ll leave this to you, then.”
“No problem. It’s a small favor. I’ll make the call now,” Dustin replied with a faint smile. He pulled out his phone and dialed Austin’s number.
As soon as the call connected, an excited voice came through. “Logan! You finally called me.”
“Do you know how miserable I’ve been these past days? You’ve got to come back and help me. Without you standing up for me, that old man is driving me crazy.” Austin started venting right away. He complained so much that one would think he had been through some kind of unimaginable torture.
“Okay, stop playing the victim. He’s just been a bit strict with you. It’s all for your own good,” Dustin said before going straight to the point. “I’m calling because I need you to take care of something. You can’t mess it up.”
“No problem. Just say the word, and I’ll handle it, no matter the cost-even if it means facing danger head-on,” Austin declared confidently.
“There’s this man, an uncle of sorts, Jovian Ballard, from the Ballard family in Oakvale. He’ll be going to West Lucozia soon to handle some matters. Make sure to take care of him,” Dustin instructed.
“Oh! I thought it was something big, and it got me all fired up. Turns out it’s just this?
“Austin sounded a bit disappointed.
In his mind, Dustin was always involved in monumental affairs, so he figured any task given to him would be something major.
But in the end, it was just to welcome someone, which was disappointing.
“Just do what I said. No need for all this chatter,” Dustin grumbled.
“Okay. I’ll take care of it. What else can I do? You’re my brother,” Austin replied with a resigned tone.
“Oh, by the way, how’s the old man doing?
“Dustin asked out of nowhere.
“Not great. He may look fine, but he’s been coughing blood every night. He’s relying on panacea to hold on, but I don’t know how long he can last.” Austin sighed.
Dustin fell silent. Though he had resented Rufus in the past, everything he had been through had given him a new understanding of his father’s struggles. But hearing that his father might not have much time left left him feeling heavy-hearted.
“Take care of him. Don’t let him worry about anything else. That’s all. Call me if anything comes up,” Dustin said after a long pause. Then, he ended the call.
###Chapter 2450
The following morning, Jovian stood at the entrance of West Lucozia Airport, wearing a sharp suit.
Before the trip, he had contacted his comrade with whom he had fought side by side in the military. After earning military merit and with the Ballard family’s influence, he was fortunate enough to stay in Oakvale and secure a decent position.
His comrade, on the other hand, had moved to West Lucozia to carve out a life for himself. Years of hard work had paid off – he was now a third-rank general with considerable power, influence, and a strong network of connections.
Jovian’s meeting with the Prince of West Lucozia would depend entirely on his comrade’s connections.
Just then, the roar of an engine cut through the air as a military jeep pulled up beside him. The window rolled down, and the first thing that came into view was a bald head gleaming in the sunlight like a lightbulb. The glare nearly blinded him.
Under that shiny dome was a face that looked ordinary at first glance. But what stood out was the man’s thick neck-wider than his head-and his massive frame, built like a bear. This was Jovian’s comrade, Boston Graham.
“Boston?” Jovian squinted as he studied the figure before him with a hint of doubt. He wasn’t sure if he had the right person.
He recalled Boston had a full head of hair and a lean frame several years ago. But now, he was bulked up and completely bald. Without that familiar face, Jovian might not have recognized him.
“Jovian! Long time no see. I’ve missed you! “Boston jumped out of the car and immediately pulled him into a bear hug. He squeezed so tightly that Jovian gasped for air and nearly choked.
“Take it easy. You’re going to break my ribs,” Jovian gritted out as he struggled to break free.
“After all this time, you haven’t put on a single pound? You’re so scrawny!” Boston finally loosened his grip and gave him a once-over with mock disdain.
“I haven’t changed a bit. But you… How did you turn into a tank?” Jovian’s expression was a mix of confusion and awkwardness.
He wasn’t sure what to say.
“What do you know? This is a well-toned physique. I’m the center of attention wherever I go, especially with the ladies.
They just love it,” Boston said, flexing his biceps and striking a few poses.
“Alright. Enough showing off. What about the favor I asked you? Any updates?” Jovian got straight to the point.
“We hardly ever get to meet. Get in the car and grab a bite to eat first. We’ll talk while we’re at it,” Boston said, throwing his arm around Jovian’s shoulder. Without giving him a chance to , he shoved him into the car.
After an hour’s drive, the jeep arrived at a high-end restaurant in the city center. The place was so popular that patrons had to make reservations beforehand.
But Boston wasn’t just anyone. As soon as he walked through the door, the manager greeted him with a broad grin and personally escorted them to a VIP room on the second floor. He even arranged for two women to keep them company.
Jovian had come with a mission, so he wasn’t interested in distractions like food, drink, or entertainment. He politely declined the women’s company.
Boston, however, didn’t hesitate. With a woman on each arm, he made the most of it as he enjoyed their company. It wasn’t until three rounds of drinks and several dishes later that he finally sent the two women away.
“Alright, Boston. You’ve eaten, drank, and had your fun. Isn’t it time we talk business? “Jovian finally couldn’t hold back.
“You know how it is the prince doesn’t just meet with anyone. Even I have to submit a formal request, explain what it’s about, and then wait to see if he’s available. For outsiders, it’s even harder,” Boston explained as he sipped his drink. He shook his head to emphasize how difficult the matter was.
“I understand your position, but I’m out of options. That’s why I need your help. I hope you’ll go the extra mile for me,” Jovian said as he pulled out an intricately crafted box and slid it toward Boston.
Though he came from a military background, Jovian understood the importance of playing by the rules of human connections. While they shared some camaraderie, that was years ago.
Sharing a meal or drinks was one thing, but if he wanted Boston to take action, he would need to offer a bit more of an incentive.
“Jovian, what’s this? Do we really need to go through all this formality between us?” Boston feigned a look of dissatisfaction.
“You’ll have to pull some strings to make this happen, and I can’t let you shoulder the costs. If word got out, people would talk behind my back.” Jovian slid the box closer and opened it.
Inside were two pendants, identical in shape but different in color-one black and one white. Both were shaped like puzzle pieces that fit perfectly together but could also be worn separately.
“This pendant is called the Harmony Charms. It was a treasure gifted by the king to his children over 2,000 years ago. Not only does wearing it enhance physical strength, but it also offers protection from harm and misfortune, with several other benefits,” Jovian said with a smile.
He continued, “I heard your wife recently gave birth to twins. These charms are perfect for them. Consider it a gift from me.
Boston’s eyes lit up when he saw the pendants. They were priceless treasures and couldn’t be bought with money. Most importantly, they were perfect for his children. He could tell Jovian had put a lot of thought into the gift.
“You… you’re being too generous,” Boston said, holding the box, reluctant to put it down. “Alright. Since you’re my friend, I’ll accept the gift, and I’ll make sure your matter gets handled perfectly.”
“Thanks, I appreciate it.” Jovian breathed a sigh of relief.
Now that Boston had accepted the gift, everything was set. With decades of experience in West Lucozia, Boston had the connections to get things done.
“Come on. We’re friends. No need for all the formalities. Stay here for a couple of days, and as soon as I get news, I’ll let you know.” Boston laughed.
With the Ballard family’s influence and his connections, getting an audience with the prince wouldn’t be difficult. Not only had he done Jovian a favor, but he was also getting something valuable in return-a win-win situation.
###Chapter 2451
After parting ways with Boston, Jovian checked into a nearby hotel to await the good news.
Boston wasted no time. After changing into a fresh set of clothes, he headed to the castle to deliver a letter of introduction. But when he arrived, he was stunned by what he saw.
The gates of the West Lucozian monarchy had already gathered quite a few people, and among them were several figures he immediately recognized. These included Huxley Thatcher, the Commander of the Militia; Warrick Prescott, the Major General of the State Guard; and Percival Wentworth, the Chancellor of the National Academy.
These three were first-ranking officials. In West Lucozia, they were nothing short of kingmakers who wielded immense power and influence.
Warrick, in particular, was two ranks above Boston. Hence, he felt the need to be cautious in his presence and was eager not to make a bad impression.
Alongside these three prominent figures, several second- and third-ranking officials also stood in line at the entrance.
It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that any one of them held more power and influence than Boston.
“My gosh, is today some important day or something? Why else would so many big shots be here at the same time?”
Boston felt a chill run down his spine as unease gripped him. His earlier surge of confidence had completely dissolved into nervous apprehension.
To others, his position as a third-ranking official made him someone of significant standing. But compared to the elites, he was just a minor player at the gates.
Most of the time, he merely showed up to stay on their radar, played the game, and made sure they remembered his name. When it came to having any real influence, he was little more than an onlooker.
At that moment, the red gates of the castle were tightly shut, and everyone was waiting anxiously outside. Several first-ranking officials occasionally peered through the narrow gaps in the door, but the guards didn’t stop them. As long as no one tried to force their way in, they simply acted as if they didn’t see anything.
“What’s the deal with the prince today? We’ve been standing out here forever. Does he really plan on keeping us all waiting?” Warrick muttered, pacing back and forth, visibly anxious.
“Exactly! I’m not as young as I used to be. Standing out here under this blazing sun is giving me a headache. I can’t bear it much longer,” Percival grumbled.
“Alright, gentlemen. The prince said he’s got important business at home today and isn’t taking visitors. You might as well head back,” Huxley urged them.
“Hmph! Telling us to leave? Why aren’t you leaving, then?” Warrick shot back.
“Come on, we’ve all been around the block a few times. Don’t think we don’t see through your games. I see through you but don’t even care enough to call you out.” Percival rolled his eyes.
He had come on Tristan’s behalf to gather intel on the situation. Meanwhile, Huxley had some kind of deal with Nathaniel. And as for Warrick, he owed Matthias a favor.
The three had the same goal, but their loyalties pulled them in different directions.
“Calm down, gentlemen. Let’s face it-the prince has probably figured out why we’re here and wants no part of this mess. Standing around here is getting us nowhere. Why don’t we find a place to grab some food and a few drinks instead?”
Huxley suggested, flashing his usual grin.
###Chapter 2452
“Get lost! I’m not in the mood for anything right now. If you want to eat, go on your own.” Warrick snapped, looking annoyed.
“I’m not going either,” Percival refused flatly. “I’m on a health regimen these days -only tea, no alcohol.”
“Fine. If you’re going to wait, then keep waiting. I won’t be sticking around.” Huxley forced a smile and acted like he was about to leave.
But as he turned, he almost bumped into Boston, who was approaching from the other direction.
“Sorry, Sir Thatcher! I hope I didn’t startle you.”
Since he was surrounded by so many high-ranking officials, Boston was already on edge. He had momentarily spaced out and almost caused a mishap by running into Huxley, which left him flustered and a bit tongue-tied.
Unlike the other generals, Boston didn’t come from an influential background or have any powerful connections. He had worked his way up from the bottom, and the last thing he wanted was to offend Huxley and risk losing everything he had fought so hard for.
Huxley frowned momentarily but quickly relaxed. He smiled and said, “It’s alright. You seem to be in a rush. Is something bothering you? Feel free to talk about it.”
A third-ranking official wasn’t a small fry. With another promotion, Boston would be able to become Huxley’s right-hand man. So, Huxley felt that offering a smile and extending a favor wouldn’t hurt.
“I’ve come to discuss something important with the prince, but I didn’t anticipate such an esteemed gathering. My apologies,” Boston said, forcing a smile.
“Oh? You’re also here to see the prince? How coincidental, we’re all here for that as well.” Huxley smiled.
“Who do you think you are, showing up here? Get lost!” Warrick growled.
His words made Boston freeze. He quickly nodded. “Y-Yes, I didn’t realize you were all having such an important discussion. I’ll… leave right away.”
He was about to make a quick exit, but Huxley raised a hand to stop him. “Don’t worry. Now that you’re here, you might as well stay.”
He then glanced at Warrick and smiled. ” Mr. Prescott, this man is your subordinate. He hasn’t done anything wrong. Why are you so harsh?
“Let him explain himself-what if he’s got some urgent military matter to report? If you send him away and it turns out to be important, you’ll be in trouble when the prince finds out.”
“Hmph! If you have something to say, just say it. Otherwise, you can take your nonsense elsewhere,” Warrick grumbled.
“R-Right,” Boston stammered. “It’s just that… Mr. Jovian from the Ballard family is visiting West Lucozia today, and he asked me to deliver a letter and request a meeting with the prince.”
After hearing that, the surrounding people burst into laughter.
“Mr. Jovian from the Ballard family? Never heard of him. He should just go back to wherever he came from!” Warrick said sharply.
If Simon had been here, he would have shown some respect. But Jovian was a spoiled brat, raised on his family’s wealth, so Warrick didn’t take him seriously.
“Hey! What do you think the West Lucozian monarchy is, huh? Do you think just any Tom, Dick, and Harry can waltz in? Ridiculous!” Percival scoffed.
The three first-ranking officials were still waiting outside, while some nobody-who probably came from some corner of nowhere thought he could come in and see the prince. It was absurd.
“Get lost! Stop embarrassing yourself. Just looking at you irritates me!” Warrick ordered Bolton to leave.
“Yes… yes. I’m leaving now.” Boston was sweating profusely and didn’t dare to wipe it off. He bowed his head and prepared to leave.
Suddenly, the castle’s red gate creaked open.
###Chapter 2453
When the castle’s gate swung open, every eye turned toward the entrance. Under the watchful gaze of the crowd, Austin strode out with his two guards. His posture exuded confidence and authority.
“Your Highness!”
The gathered officials instantly rushed forward to greet him. Grins spread across their faces as if they couldn’t wait to please him. Whether it was Huxley, Percival, or Warrick, all wore the same ingratiating expression.
After all, Austin was the infamous hellraiser. Though he had reined himself over the past two years, his past reputation still loomed over them.
At least Rufus could be reasoned with. But Austin? He was a wild card-utterly unpredictable, like a ticking time bomb. Every last one of them had suffered his wrath before.
Percival approached with a flattering smile. “Your Highness, you finally come out. I have something important to discuss with you. If you’d be so kind as to listen-”
Before he could finish his sentence, he was dismissed by Austin, who found him a nuisance and pushed him aside.
“Out of my way!”
Percival’s frail body swayed dangerously as he struggled to regain his balance.
“Mr. Wentworth, there’s a proper order to things. His Highness has always been reasonable. He won’t tolerate your bad habits.” Warrick sneered as he quickly stepped forward. “Your Highness-”
Warrick opened his mouth to speak, but before he could utter a single word, Austin cut him off, “Mind your own business.”
The smile on Warrick’s face immediately faltered and was replaced by a look of pure confusion.
What just happened? He wasn’t expecting that kind of dismissal. Was Austin in a bad mood?
Seeing both men put in their place, Huxley glanced around and wisely kept his mouth shut. After all, it would have been awkward to get reprimanded for no reason.
“Who just said they were here to deliver a letter on behalf of the Ballard family?”
Austin walked toward the crowd, and his eyes swept across the gathered faces.
The moment he spoke, everyone’s attention shifted to Boston. If they remembered correctly, the Ballard family sent this third-ranking official as their messenger.
Boston swallowed nervously, and his unease grew by the second. Cold sweat trickled down his forehead as his mind raced.
Given Austin’s imposing presence, was there a grudge against the Ballard family? Had Boston just walked right into a trap by delivering their letter? This was bad. It felt like today was his unlucky day.
“Hey! I’m asking you guys-who’s here to deliver the Ballard family’s letter?” Austin repeated.
“I-It’s me…” Boston stammered and raised his trembling hand. At that point, denying it was no longer an option.
“You don’t look familiar.” Austin stepped closer. He gave Boston a quick once-over and said coolly, “But whatever. Come with me.”
With that, he turned and walked toward the castle.
“Huh?” Caught off guard, Boston froze in place.
Wasn’t he about to be called out? Why was he being invited inside the castle?
It wasn’t just Boston-every other high-ranking official exchanged confused glances and wondered what had just happened. They had been waiting forever without a chance to speak.
Instead, a third-ranking official, who had just shown up, was invited into the castle before them. It was utterly perplexing. With their experience, status, background, and loyalty, there was no reason Boston should have been prioritized over them.
Seeing Boston stand there motionless, Austin stopped at the gate. He turned and shouted at him, “Hey, what are you standing there for? Get inside already, or should I call for a sedan chair?”
“Oh! I’m coming.” Boston snapped out of his daze. He nodded as he hurried forward. He still had no idea what was happening, but it didn’t seem like a bad turn of events.
As long as he could meet with the prince and make his case, he didn’t care what came next. At least he could say he had tried.
When Boston stepped inside the castle with Austin, the big red gate slammed shut behind them.
Outside, the other officials-including Huxley, Percival, and Warrick-stood in stunned silence. After a few moments, the tension broke, and a flurry of voices erupted.
“What’s going on with Sir Austin? We’ve been waiting out here for half a day, and he completely ignores us. Instead, he let some low-ranking officer in. Is he deliberately humiliating us?” Percival fumed, and his face flushed with anger.
Though he was a civil official, Percival’s rank, influence, and status placed him among the most influential figures in all of West Lucozia. Even the prince himself would show him the utmost respect.
After traveling all this way to the castle, he had been met with nothing but a cold shoulder. Sure, being made to wait was one thing-everyone had to endure it, and no one was thrilled about it. But that was understandable.
What he couldn’t stand, however, was the sight of a lowly third-ranking official walking right in while he was left outside. How could he not take that personally?
“What is the prince up to?” Warrick frowned.
Everyone else had been kept outside, yet some unknown low-ranking official had been granted entry. It didn’t make sense.
“The Ballard family… Jovian… now this is interesting,” Huxley said with a smirk. He had picked up on the key detail in the earlier conversation.
When Austin learned that the messenger had come on behalf of the Ballard family, he decided to open the gates to welcome him. In other words, Boston had been allowed in not because of his rank but because of the Ballard family’s influence.
But that only raised more questions-if the West Lucozian monarchy could afford to disregard even the royal family, why were they offering special treatment to the Ballards, who were on the other side of the continent? What was really happening here?
###Chapter 2454
After stepping into the castle, Boston felt a knot in his stomach. He had been here before, but only for official matters.
He was always escorted by guards or attendants, but this time, Austin himself had led him inside. Boston felt both honored and somewhat overwhelmed. Since when had he earned such treatment?
Austin had brushed off higher-ranking officials, so why was he showing him so much attention? Was it because his shiny bald head made him stand out? He had no answers, only a growing curiosity as he followed Austin into the meeting room.
“Sit.” After Austin sat at the head of the table, he raised his hand and gestured for Boston to do the same.
“No… no need. I’ll just stand.” Boston smiled awkwardly.
“Just sit down. Why are you so nervous? I won’t bite,” Austin said in a dismissive tone.
“Y-Yes, Your Highness.” Boston didn’t dare refuse again and obediently took a seat. He was six feet three inches tall, yet he looked like a startled rabbit. He sat up straight and didn’t dare to move an inch.
Austin waved his hand. “Someone bring the tea.”
An attendant quickly brought over a pot of fragrant tea and poured a cup for Boston.
“Thank you for the tea, Your Highness.” Boston hastily picked up the cup and took a sip.
The tea was scalding, and though he dared not complain, he couldn’t help but wince. He forced himself to swallow, steam escaping from his mouth and nose in a visible puff.
“What’s your name?” Austin asked casually.
“My name is Boston Graham, Your Highness. I serve in the military, and I’m 40 years old. I have a pair of twins…”
Boston answered. He rushed through the details to avoid leaving anything out. He didn’t want to give Austin any reason to doubt him.
“Boston, right? I heard you know Jovian from the Ballard family?” Austin asked.
Boston nodded. “I do, Your Highness. I have known Jovian for a long time. He arrived in West Lucozia this morning, and I personally welcomed him.”
“So, where is he now?”
“He’s probably resting at the hotel.”
“Call him. Tell him to come to the castle. If he has anything to discuss, he can speak to me,” Austin said nonchalantly.
“Are you going to meet with Jovian personally, Your Highness?” Boston was taken aback.
“Why not? A distinguished guest like him deserves a warm welcome,” Austin replied indifferently.
“Very well. I’ll call him now.” Boston smiled with relief.
But just as he reached for his phone, Austin raised his hand to stop him. “Hold on! Take a few men with you and make sure he gets here safely.”
Boston quickly caught on. “Are you concerned someone might be plotting against him, Your Highness?”
After all, Austin had turned away many higher-ranking officials, yet he chose to extend such a welcome to Jovian. That could make others jealous and lead to trouble.
“Just do your job. Don’t ask questions,” Austin said without elaborating. He ordered two of his bodyguards to escort Boston out the back.
Representatives from various factions in Oakvale recently arrived in West Lucozia. These groups were rivals, so there was always a chance for underhanded tactics. Austin needed to ensure Jovian’s safety. Otherwise, he would never hear the end of it from Dustin.
Boston left through the castle’s back entrance and entered the designated car. Less than half an hour later, they arrived at the hotel where Jovian was staying.
At that moment, Jovian had just been getting ready to nap but was jolted awake by the doorbell.
When he opened the door, he found Boston, accompanied by two imposing bodyguards.
“Boston, you’re sweating buckets. What happened?” Jovian looked confused.
“I don’t have time to explain. Hurry up and come with me. Sir Austin wants to see you. “Boston grabbed Jovian’s wrist and pulled him forward.
“Sir Austin wants to see me? So, you managed to pull some strings?” Jovian’s face lit up. “Damn, Boston. I didn’t think you’d get it done this fast. That’s impressive.”
He thought he’d have to wait a day or two, but it was done in just two hours. It was much faster than he’d anticipated. It was clear Boston had really put in the effort.
Boston coughed awkwardly. “I didn’t do much. Sir Austin is doing this out of respect for your family. I’m just the messenger.” He looked a little embarrassed at the praise.
He had nearly backed out when faced with the pressure from those big shots earlier. Without Austin’s direct intervention, he never would have made it past the castle gates.
“Ha! You’re something else, Boston. You’re just too modest!” Jovian shook his head with a smile.
The Ballard family might have some influence in Oakvale, but in West Lucozia, they wouldn’t even rank among the small-time players. Whatever power and influence they had back in Oakvale meant nothing here.
Jovian knew it was Boston’s connections that had made this happen.
“Alright, enough about that. Sir Austin is waiting for us at the castle. Let’s not keep him waiting.” Boston’s face flushed slightly as he hurried to change the subject.
They left the hotel and got into the car. Less than half an hour later, they were back at the castle. Fortunately, there were no incidents on the way.
It was likely thanks to the castle’s personal escort ensuring their safe passage. If they had been in Boston’s car, things might have been different.
Once they arrived, they entered through the back entrance. The castle guards led them to the meeting room. Before they could even step inside, Austin greeted them with a bright smile.
“My name is Jovian Ballard. I am honored to meet you, Your High-” Jovian began to bow, but Austin reached out and stopped him.
“Mr. Jovian, what are you doing? There’s no need for that. Hurry inside and have a seat.”
“Huh?”
The casual way Austin called him by his name left Jovian completely stunned.
###Chapter 2455
Austin smiled brightly as he ushered Jovian into the meeting room with surprising enthusiasm.
Jovian looked confused and somewhat unprepared. Before entering, he had already imagined many possible scenarios for their meeting.
He had mentally prepared for a range of reactions from Austin-whether he would be ignored, faced with cold indifference, or dealt with arrogance. He was ready for any of those. After all, the rumors about Austin painted him as a “hellraiser” who did whatever he pleased.
But, to his surprise, Austin didn’t give him any trouble at all. Instead, he was giving him a warm reception, which left him utterly confused.
Something felt off. He couldn’t make sense of Austin’s sudden warmth, and he had no idea what game he was playing.
“Bring the tea!” After inviting Jovian to sit, Austin gestured for the attendant to serve the tea.
The drink was a rare specialty from West Lucozia, a premium elixir tea not sold to the public but reserved for high-ranking officials. Its black market value was nearly a million per ounce, and demand far outstripped supply.
Compared to the tea Boston had been served earlier, the quality of this one was on a whole other level.
Once the tea was brewed, a rich, fragrant aroma filled the air and quickly spread throughout the meeting room. Just a single breath of it was enough to leave anyone feeling refreshed and alert.
Though Jovian wasn’t particularly fond of tea, he knew enough to recognize its quality, and this was clearly no ordinary brew. Austin’s attention to detail in offering such tea showed how much he valued this meeting.
“Mr. Jovian, even though this is our first meeting, I’ve heard so much about you. I’ve always looked up to you as a role model and tried to follow your example in my own pursuits.”
Austin wasted no time, immediately heaping on the compliments. After all, Dustin had personally instructed him to handle this matter, and he had to make sure it was done right.
Though it was unexpected, Jovian still maintained a polite smile. “Your Highness, you flatter me. I’m just an ordinary general officer and not worthy of your attention.”
“Don’t underestimate yourself,” Austin said earnestly. “Who doesn’t know about the three heroes of the Ballard family? The eldest in politics, the second in business, and the third in the military. Each of you shines in your own field.
“Take three years ago, for example-when you led 800 elite troops to wipe out 3,000 rebels in Mount Cloudcrest. That feat made waves across the whole region. It was an achievement worthy of respect.”
Jovian raised an eyebrow, surprised. “Oh? I didn’t expect you to know about this, Your Highness.”
He had thought Austin was just being polite with the usual pleasantries, but it seemed he actually knew about his past accomplishments.
The Mount Cloudcrest counterinsurgency operation was one of Jovian’s few standout moments. After that battle, his reputation had risen significantly.
“I’ve always regarded you as my role model. I’m not saying I know every detail of your accomplishments, but I’m certainly familiar with them. Your remarkable achievements have earned you my deep admiration,” Austin said with a smile.
While Boston stepped out to pick up Jovian, Austin had already used his intelligence network to conduct a thorough background check.
Jovian hadn’t accomplished much in his life. Aside from the Mount Cloudcrest counterinsurgency operation, there wasn’t much worth mentioning. Austin naturally had to exaggerate a little to make a good impression.
Jovian laughed heartily. “I never expected you to be such a man of character, Your Highness.” He was so pleased with the compliments that his face was filled with pride that he couldn’t hide it.
In the past, whenever he went, he relied on the Ballard family name to open doors. But today, his charm and charisma had won Austin’s admiration. If word of this got out, it would be the talk of the town for a year.
“Of course! I don’t have many hobbies, but one of my favorites is meeting heroes like you. Having someone like Mr. Jovian visiting my humble home is a great honor, “Austin continued to flatter.
Jovian grinned from ear to ear. He was practically charmed out of his skin. “You flatter me, Your Highness.”
Who said Austin was a hellraiser? He was amazing.
“Mr. Jovian, since you’re here, why don’t you stay with us for a while? Let’s have a drink tonight,” Austin offered.
“I’d be happy to join you for a drink, Your Highness. But before we do that, I have a matter I’d like to discuss with the Prince. I wonder if you would make an introduction, Your Highness?” Though Jovian was flattered by the praise, he didn’t forget his reason for being there.
“If it were any other request, I’d be happy to help, but this… I’m afraid I can’t.” Austin shook his head.
“Is His Highness not available to meet with me?” Jovian asked tentatively.
“It’s not just you, Mr. Jovian. My father is recovering right now, and he’s not seeing anyone for a while-not even me.” Austin looked helpless.
“I see.” Jovian nodded thoughtfully.
“But you don’t need to see my father. Currently, I’m in charge of the whole West Lucozia. Whatever you need, just tell me directly,” Austin explained.
Before his retreat for recuperation, Rufus had handed over all his authority to Austin. Now, whatever he decided to do, no one could stop him and oppose his decisions.
“Your Highness, you’re truly a man of both skill and wisdom. You’re more than capable of taking the lead now,” Jovian acknowledged with a respectful nod. Then, he asked cautiously, “May I inquire, Your Highness, are you aware of the current situation in Oakvale?”
“You mean the reigning king is dying, and there’s an urgent need for a successor, right?” Austin asked bluntly, not mincing his words.
Jovian and Boston exchanged surprised glances at his directness.
###Chapter 2456
“Your Highness! Please mind your words,” Jovian quickly cautioned. He glanced around nervously, as if afraid someone might be eavesdropping.
Speculating on Valon’s fate in private was an act of grave disrespect. If someone with a hidden agenda spread this information, a ruined reputation would be the least of their concerns-what came after would be far worse.
“Relax, Mr. Jovian. We’re in West Lucozia, not Oakvale. Here, we can say whatever we want without worry.” Austin smiled faintly, showing no concern.
These were well-known facts, so what was the harm in saying them out loud? Keeping quiet wouldn’t change a thing, anyway. What a joke.
“Ahem… perhaps I was overthinking it.” Jovian let out an awkward chuckle. He knew Austin wasn’t wrong, but his cautious nature kept him from discussing Valon’s affairs too openly.
“Honestly, a lot of people have been showing up in West Lucozia lately. There’s a whole group standing outside right now, and they’re all here for the same reason as you.
“They’re trying to figure out whether we have any hidden ambitions and whether we’ll interfere with Oakvale’s affairs.” Austin took a sip of tea and deliberately paused for effect.
“Oh? And have you given them an answer, Your Highness?” Jovian asked tentatively.
“An answer? Hell no!” Austin sneered. “I haven’t given those people outside a second thought. Who do they think they are? Do they even have the right to probe us?”
Jovian shifted uncomfortably in his seat.
“Well, you’re different,” Austin continued smoothly. “You’re a distinguished guest of our family. Those nobodies outside aren’t even worth comparing to you.”
Jovian didn’t know how to respond. He could only smile awkwardly.
Austin added, “Honestly, who rises to power and claims the throne in Oakvale has nothing to do with us. Even if blood spills in the streets, it won’t affect West Lucozia. We have no interest in meddling in others affairs.”
The Rhys family’s influence was firmly rooted in West Lucozia, which differed from Oakvale. Over the years, the two regions had an unspoken understanding or rule not to interfere with each other’s affairs.
“That may be true. But the more powerful you are, the more eyes are on you. Even if the West Lucozian monarchy stays out of it, people will still be watching. The ones out there are a perfect example of that,” Jovian said.
More often than not, circumstances forced action, whether one decided to take a side or not.
“That brings me to something I’m curious about. What’s your family’s stance on all this?” Austin suddenly asked.
“Huh? Us?” Jovian was momentarily caught off guard. He hadn’t expected the conversation to turn toward him.
After a brief moment of contemplation, he said, “Frankly, we’re just as troubled by this situation. We’re caught in a tough spot and can’t make a move. As the saying goes, one wrong step and everything falls apart. We can’t afford to take any risks.” He let out a weary sigh.
Trapped in the power struggle with no control over the outcome, they had no choice but to tread carefully.
“I see.” Austin nodded knowingly. “You came to West Lucozia hoping we’d show you the way forward, right?”
“You are wise, Your Highness!” Jovian immediately stood and saluted. “If you could provide some guidance and help our family out of this predicament, we would be forever grateful.”
“I wouldn’t call it guidance, but we can certainly exchange insights.” Austin smiled faintly. “There’s no need for your family to worry too much. Like they say, when the time comes, everything will fall into place. When that moment arrives, a savior will step in to resolve your troubles.”
“A savior?” Jovian frowned in confusion. ” I’m not sure who you mean, Your Highness. 11
Only a handful of people in Oakvale had the power to change the outcome. Who could possibly be the Ballard family’s “savior”?
“Some things can’t be revealed just yet,” Austin said cryptically. “But when the time is right, you’ll know.”
His vague response only made Jovian more restless. Austin had said a lot, yet somehow, he had revealed nothing. Jovian had come to find a solution, but with each passing moment, it felt like more questions were piling up.
“I wouldn’t dwell on it too much. For now, why don’t you stay the night here in the castle? Relax, take it easy. Tomorrow morning, I’ll accompany you back to Oakvale.” Austin suddenly announced.
Jovian was startled. “You’re going to Oakvale, Your Highness?”
“Of course. Sitting around here gets dull. I might as well take this chance to visit Oakvale and look around.” Austin grinned. “Besides, my dear uncle-the King-is on his last legs. As his nephew, it’s only proper that I pay my respects.”
His mother, Eloise, was the eldest princess of Dragonmarsh, which made Valon his uncle. But the two had barely seen each other over the years. To say there was any deep familial bond would be laughable. Still, thanks to this connection, he could walk into Oakvale openly without raising any suspicion.
“I see.” Jovian nodded in realization. “But Oakvale is in turmoil right now. You should be careful once you arrive.”
“Oh? Do you think someone would dare to target me?” Austin smirked. “Honestly, I’d love to see someone try. Otherwise, how else would my tens of thousands of cavalry ever get a chance to show their strength?”
Jovian cleared his throat awkwardly, unsure how to respond.
Austin had no qualms about making bold statements. He might as well have “too powerful for my own good” stamped across his face.
Then again, he had a point. At a time like this, anyone foolish enough to target him would have to face the wrath of West Lucozia’s mighty cavalry.
###Chapter 2457
After a brief discussion in the meeting room, Austin invited Jovian to tour the West Lucozia castle.
The castle was enormous, equipped with imaginable facilities. Unfamiliar visitors could easily get lost in its vastness.
Jovian prided himself on being well-traveled, yet as he toured the castle, even he couldn’t hide his astonishment.
Unlike the ostentatious displays of wealth seen in luxurious estates, this castle could only be described as grand, majestic, and awe-inspiring. Everything in his line of sight conveyed a sense of grandeur and majesty.
What stunned Jovian the most was the House of Heroes inside the West Lucozia castle. The structure was nine stories high and looked like an ancient monument.
The walls were lined with memorials of fallen soldiers. The place was packed with thousands of tablets, each engraved with the hero’s name and a detailed account of their life stories for future generations to honor and remember.
The Ballard family had a family tree that recorded a few notable figures, but their archives seemed utterly insignificant compared to the House of Heroes. No wonder the West Lucozia cavalry was unmatched. It turned out the root of their strength was there.
By the time they completed the tour, the sun had already set.
Austin had prepared a special dinner and invited Jovian to join him. Despite the 30-year age gap between them, they got along remarkably well.
Jovian quickly realized that Austin, the so-called hellraiser, was far from the reckless scoundrel people claimed him to be.
On the contrary, he was highly educated, capable, and brilliant, excelling in both civil and military affairs. In many respects, Jovian-despite his years of experience-felt inferior to him. Indeed, the Rhys family had no shortage of talented individuals.
While Jovian and Austin enjoyed their dinner inside the castle, another scene unfolded outside the castle.
Several high-ranking officials remained anxiously stationed at the gates. They had made repeated inquiries throughout the day, but there was no response from inside. Still, none of them seemed ready to leave, worried that someone else might seize the opportunity if they did.
Huxley glanced at the setting sun, then looked at Percival, whose face had turned pale and covered in sweat. He couldn’t help but tease, “Mr. Wentworth, the sun’s about to set. Are you planning to keep waiting here? At your age, can you handle this much strain?”
Huxley and Warrick were both from military backgrounds. They were physically strong, so waiting under the hot sun didn’t bother them.
In contrast, Percival was used to a life of comfort and luxury. He had never experienced anything like this before.
“Hmph! I know my own limits, Sir Thatcher. I don’t need your concern,” Percival replied gruffly, wiping his sweat.
Behind him, his attendants had somehow procured a pair of leaves and were frantically fanning him to show their devotion.
Huxley added with a smile, “I think waiting around like this isn’t getting us anywhere. Why don’t we find a place to sit and grab a bite? After all, people need food to survive, and it’s hard to wait on an empty stomach.”
“Well…” Percival rubbed his growling stomach and looked tempted by the suggestion.
He hadn’t eaten since early morning, and his hunger was becoming unbearable. The only thing holding him together was his sheer willpower. But the moment he acknowledged it, his stomach growled even louder.
“Mr. Prescott, what do you think?” He turned to Warrick instead of answering directly.
The three men shared the same goal. If he was resting with Huxley and Warrick beat him to the punch, things wouldn’t end well.
Warrick glanced at the closed gate before finally nodding in agreement. “Judging by the situation, they won’t open the gates again today. A few drinks wouldn’t hurt.”
His initial impatience had long since faded.
He was there to repay Matthias a favor, with the intention of gathering some intel for him.
After spending the whole day waiting, he had at least shown his sincerity-no matter what happened, Matthias would know he had put in the effort.
“Alright. Since Mr. Prescott has spoken, I’ll join you for a drink.” Percival smiled.
At that moment, a silent understanding passed between them.
“Gentlemen, this way. Drinks are on me tonight-let’s enjoy ourselves,” Huxley said, gesturing at them with one hand as he led the way.
“Well, I won’t hold back then.”
“Sounds good.”
With their entourages trailing behind them, the three men departed together.
They didn’t go far. There was a nearby tavern just 200 yards from the castle. The private room they chose had a perfect view of the West Lucozia castle entrance.
As they drank and dined, they kept their eyes trained on the entrance and ensured they wouldn’t miss any developments.
Percival and Warrick were pleased with Huxley’s choice. If they had known about this place earlier, they wouldn’t have had to endure the hot sun outside the castle.
While they were enjoying their drinks, a scout entered the room and whispered something to Huxley. Upon hearing it, Huxley’s face immediately darkened, and both Percival and Warrick sensed that something was off.
“Sir Thatcher, what happened?” Percival asked tentatively.
“Gentlemen, I’m afraid we have a problem. “Huxley set down his utensils and said grimly, “According to the latest internal reports, an outsider has already beaten us to it.”
At those words, all three men’s faces darkened.
###Chapter 2458
“An outsider? Who is it?” Percival asked urgently. “Could it be that assistant general who came in at noon?”
Warrick frowned. “I’ve looked into that man. No background, no connections-just an old hand in the military. Been around forever, knows the ropes, but has no real pull.”
“It’s not him-it’s someone connected to him.” Huxley lowered his voice. ” Remember what Sir Austin said at noon? When he summoned that assistant general, he specifically mentioned the Ballard family.”
“The Ballard family?” Percival looked surprised. “You mean the Ballards from Oakvale? Are you saying they’ve already beaten us to it and met with the prince?”
“The prince hasn’t met with them, but according to my intel, this man, Jovian Ballard, spent two hours chatting with Sir Austin today. They talked and laughed like old acquaintances. Sir Austin even invited him to stay for dinner at the castle.”
Huxley’s face darkened.
He continued, “Look, the Ballards sent someone at a time like this. They’re obviously trying to sniff out information. Sir Austin ignores us completely but meets with Jovian privately-doesn’t that say something about where he stands?”
“This doesn’t make sense.” Percival frowned. “The Ballard family has no direct ties to the royal family, nor do they have business dealings with them. So why would Sir Austin place such importance on Jovian? Could there be something else going on?”
“I find it strange too,” Warrick agreed. The Ballards might have some sway in Oakvale, but in West Lucozia, they’re nobodies. If they had real pull, they wouldn’t be sending an assistant general to deliver their message. And knowing Sir Austin, he wouldn’t go out of his way for people like that.” 11
They were puzzled. They couldn’t understand why Austin would meet with Jovian privately. What could possibly connect them?
“Gentlemen, the details of how this happened don’t matter anymore. What matters now is how we handle this Ballard family member,” Huxley reminded them.
They had already met, eaten, and discussed everything important-lingering on Austin and Jovian’s relationship was pointless. Their focus needed to shift to extracting the intel they needed.
“Mr. Wentworth, you’ve always got plenty of ideas. What’s your take on this?” Warrick didn’t respond directly. Instead, he turned the problem over to those around him.
“Since we can’t get to the prince or Sir Austin, why not go after that Ballard guy first?” Percival stroked his white beard thoughtfully.
He continued, “He’s new to West Lucozia and in an unfamiliar territory, which makes him easy to deal with. We should invite him for a meal and learn more about him. What do you think?”
“Great! Let’s do it that way.” Warrick quickly approved the suggestion. Though he couldn’t enter the castle’s gates, dealing with an outsider like Jovian was clearly not a problem.
“But now the question is, who should extend the invitation?” Huxley asked.
“Mr. Prescott, isn’t that assistant general, Boston Graham, one of your subordinates? You could have him extend the invite and act as the intermediary. What do you think?
“Percival suggested.
“No problem. I’ll take care of it right away,
“Warrick readily agreed.
Boston was two ranks lower than him, and someone at that rank typically had no place in important meetings. But with Warrick personally arranging the invitation, he figured Jovian wouldn’t dare to turn it down.
Later that evening, Jovian left the castle through the back entrance after dinner. The castle was a hub of gossip, and he didn’t want to stay there. If word got out, the Ballard family would be thrust into the limelight. That was the last thing he wanted.
Although he had left the castle, he had already agreed with Austin to return to Oakvale together the following day. It would be good to look out for one another and make things more convenient.
On the way back to the hotel, Jovian and Boston chatted casually.
Jovian was grateful for his introduction, which had allowed him to meet Austin and earn his favor.
From Boston’s perspective, it was all about the influence of the Ballard family. Being associated with them was enough to open doors for him.
After all, opportunities to dine with Austin didn’t come around often. Even getting acquainted with him could make a big difference in what lay ahead.
As they were chatting, Boston’s phone rang, and he answered it. His smile quickly faded and was replaced by a grim expression.
“What’s wrong? Did something happen?” Jovian quickly noticed the change in his expression.
“My superior just called and informed me that Sir Prescott wants to invite me for a midnight snack. He specifically told me to bring you along.” Boston looked uneasy.
Jovian frowned slightly. “Are you saying that he is coming after me?”
Though he had never met Warrick, he had certainly heard of him. Warrick was no pushover. Being invited to a meal out of the blue meant there was something more to it.
“Maybe you should return to the castle. I’ll tell Sir Prescott that Sir Austin wanted to keep you here. That way, you won’t get into trouble,” Boston suggested.
Though Warrick was powerful, he wouldn’t dare go against Austin.
Jovian shook his head. “What’s meant to happen will happen. If trouble’s coming, there’s no avoiding it. If I turn down this invitation, not only will I get in trouble, but it’ll make it hard for you to stay in West Lucozia, too.”
“But-”
Boston was about to say something, but Jovian cut him off, “Don’t worry. It’s just a meal. It’s not like I’m being led to the guillotine. What’s there to fear?”
He continued, “So, where are we supposed to meet? Let’s go now and avoid wasting time.”
Jovian wasn’t the type to back down at the first sign of trouble. If he did, what kind of leader would that make him? The Ballard family was one of the four ancient houses. They weren’t about to be scared off by some general.
###Chapter 2459
After making up his mind, Jovian no longer hesitated. He instructed the driver to make a U-turn and head straight to the meeting place.
The meeting location was in a restaurant not far from the castle. It was only a ten-minute drive from where they had turned back.
When Jovian and Boston walked inside, they found the place nearly empty. There were no guests in sight, just a few receptionists. It looked like the restaurant had been cleared out just for them.
“Sir, please follow me. Sir Prescott is waiting for you upstairs,” the restaurant owner personally greeted them and led them to a private room on the second floor.
Warrick, Huxley, and Percival were leisurely drinking tea inside the room. The three chatted and laughed, but their conversation stopped the moment Jovian and Boston entered. All three turned their attention to Jovian.
They were quite curious about him. He had been privately invited by Austin and even stayed for dinner at the castle. It was a privilege none of them had ever received. However, upon seeing Jovian in person, the three were somewhat disappointed.
Jovian was of average height and had an unremarkable appearance-nothing about him stood out at first glance. But there was something about the way he carried himself. Back straight, shoulders squared -he looked like a man who didn’t bow to pressure.
“You’re here. Sit down,” Warrick said dryly as he gave Jovian a once-over.
He didn’t stand or offer a greeting. Instead, he remained seated with an air of complete indifference. It felt less like a dinner invitation and more like a superior addressing a subordinate. He gave off an air of cool detachment.
Huxley and Percival wore similar expressions, like Jovian wasn’t worth acknowledging. It seemed like they were purposely trying to show who was in charge.
Boston noticed the power play and frowned slightly, but he didn’t dare voice his frustration. Instead, he forced a smile and tried to ease the tension in the room.
“Sir Prescott, this is the third son of the Ballard family, Jovian Ballard. As soon as he heard you wanted to meet for a midnight snack, he rushed over without hesitation,” Boston said, trying to smooth things over.
He subtly hinted that Jovian had come to honor their invitation, so it would only be polite for them to return the favor with a little courtesy.
“Okay. This doesn’t concern you anymore. You can leave now.” Warrick waved him off like he was nothing more than an annoyance.
A low-ranking assistant general with no power or influence had no place in their conversation.
“Sir Prescott, this…” Boston glanced around and looked uneasy.
It was one thing to talk in public, but being shut out behind closed doors was another matter entirely. Without him accompanying Jovian, there was no telling if the latter could handle the three “old foxes”.
If anything went wrong, Boston would have to answer for it-not just to the Ballard family, but also to Austin.
“What’s wrong? My orders don’t count anymore? Do I need to repeat myself?” Warrick shot him a cold, impatient look.
“Since when did a mere assistant general get so arrogant that he think he can defy Mr. Prescott’s orders? Do you have a death wish?” Percival suddenly chimed in.
“Boston, you can wait outside. I’ll talk to these gentlemen. With their status, I’m sure they won’t make things difficult for me,” Jovian said with a smile.
Boston nodded reluctantly. “Okay. I’ll wait outside.”
Before leaving, he discreetly glanced at Jovian and signaled him to stay alert. The two had already agreed that they would immediately notify Austin for help if anything happened. Since the castle was nearby, the backup could come quickly.
As the door to the private room closed, the atmosphere became more tense. But Jovian seemed unfazed and sat across from Warrick, Huxley, and Percival.
His calm demeanor made the three men uneasy. Was his boldness a sign of reckless confidence or just plain arrogance?
“Sir Prescott, may I ask why you have invited me here?” Jovian broke the silence.
“I heard you went to the castle today,” Warrick said.
“Yes, I did.” Jovian nodded.
“I also heard that you had dinner with Sir Austin.”
“That’s right.” Jovian confirmed with another nod.
“Good.” Warrick smiled approvingly. “You seem like a smart man. I do enjoy talking with those who are sharp.”
If Jovian had tried to play dumb, he would have had to resort to more drastic measures. Fortunately, the answers were clear and straightforward, which saved him some effort.
“I want to know if Sir Austin had said anything during dinner,” Percival interjected.
“His Highness said many things. Could you specify what you’re referring to?” Jovian smiled as he redirected the question back at him.
###Chapter 2460
“Well… some things are better left unsaid, but I believe you understand what I’m getting at,” Percival said gravely.
“I’m afraid I don’t, Mr. Wentworth. You’ll have to forgive my ignorance.” Jovian’s tone was measured and composed.
“You…” Percival’s expression darkened.
Judging by Jovian’s demeanor when he first arrived, Percival had assumed that he was someone who knew how to read between the lines. Yet now, he was feigning ignorance, making it clear that he wasn’t taking Percival seriously.
“Enough, Mr. Wentworth. Let me handle this.”
Warrick took over the conversation and got straight to the point. “Jovian, right? Let’s not waste time. We know why you’re here. The only question is-what have you found out?”
“And what kind of information are you referring to, Sir Prescott?” Jovian asked.
Warrick slammed a palm onto the table, and his face darkened. “Don’t play dumb with me, brat. I don’t have time for games. If you don’t start talking, don’t blame me if I stop showing the Ballard family any respect.”
As he spoke, an oppressive force exploded from his body and crashed into Jovian.
To rise to the rank of Major General in the State Guard of West Lucozia, one needed more than just an impressive military record-immense personal strength was essential. The sheer pressure of a developed grandmaster’s presence was something few could withstand.
Jovian’s breath caught as if a boulder had settled on his chest. But he remained composed, showing no sign of fear. He picked up his teacup and took a slow sip, though the faint tremor in his fingers betrayed the immense pressure bearing down on him.
“Sir Prescott, is this a dinner invitation or an interrogation?” he asked coolly. “My family may not be among the great families, but we’re not pushovers. If this is how the conversation will go, I see no reason to continue.”
“How dare you!” Warrick’s glare was fierce, and his voice cracked like thunder. ” You’re just a low-ranking officer, yet you dare speak to me like this? Do you have no respect for authority? I could charge you with insubordination right now.”
“Insubordination?” Jovian chuckled.
He continued, “Firstly, you’re a Major General in West Lucozia, and I’m a government official in Oakvale. You have no jurisdiction over me.
“Secondly, we’re not in a government office. We’re in a restaurant. Rank doesn’t mean a damn thing here. And thirdly, have I done anything out of line since I walked in? What grounds do you have to accuse me of insubordination?”
“You…” Warrick’s face twisted with rage. His chest heaved, his eyes burned with fury, and his killing intent flooded the room.
The temperature plummeted, and frost crept over the wine bottles on the table.
Huxley remained unfazed, but Percival was visibly shivering though he dared not speak.
Jovian said, “Of course, with your authority as the Major General, you could fabricate a charge and throw me in a cell. I wouldn’t put it past you.”
Then, his tone shifted slightly. “But before you do, let me remind you. I’m a guest of the castle. Tomorrow, I have an audience with Lord Austin. If you arrest me tonight, how exactly do you plan to explain that to His Highness?”
Warrick’s expression turned even darker. ” Are you threatening me?”
“I wouldn’t dare. I’m merely reminding you,” Jovian replied evenly.
“You’ve got some nerve,” Warrick growled through clenched teeth, appearing menacing.
He hadn’t taken Jovian seriously before, but now, he had to consider the consequences of acting rashly.
Firstly, Jovian was a direct heir of the Ballard family. Detaining him wouldn’t be easy to justify.
Secondly, Jovian was right. He had been personally invited to the castle and had spoken at length with Austin. If they arrested Jovian the moment he left, Austin would not take it lightly, especially with his temperament.
Despite his burning anger, Warrick couldn’t afford to act recklessly. But he had already made his threats, and if Jovian didn’t back down, it would be a blow to his pride.
“Mr. Prescott, there’s no need to take it so seriously.”
As the tension in the room thickened, Huxley quickly intervened to defuse the situation. “We’re just here for a casual dinner, not an interrogation. No need to intimidate our guests. Please, have a seat.”
He poured Warrick a cup of tea before turning to Jovian, his smile warm. “Mr. Jovian, he was just joking. No hard feelings, alright? Here, have some tea.”
“Yes… It’s just a joke,” Percival quickly added.
Warrick shot them both a cold glare but took the opportunity to step back without pressing further.
None of them had anticipated Jovian to stand his ground like this, much less brush off their threats. He not only withstood their pressure but also countered it with reason. This left them no room to act against him.
If they had underestimated him earlier, they now saw that this seemingly ordinary middle-aged man was far from weak. In this first confrontation, they had been completely outmatched.
###Chapter 2461
“Gentlemen, you certainly have a refined sense of humor.” Jovian took another sip of tea. “But I’m not exactly a brave man. I startle easily, so I’d appreciate it if you kept the jokes to a minimum.”
“Of course.” Huxley smiled and nodded. ”
Just some lighthearted banter to break the ice. If we’ve offended you, I apologize on behalf of Mr. Prescott. Please don’t take it to heart.”
Jovian’s expression eased slightly at that.
Since he had the nerve to attend this trap-laden dinner, he wasn’t afraid of a few threats. He wouldn’t mind sharing information with them if they were willing to have a proper conversation.
But they had tried to strong-arm him.
Their words were laced with veiled threats and demands as if he were someone they could push around.
Naturally, that didn’t sit well with him. He just didn’t let it show-for now.
“There’s no need for an apology. If there’s nothing else, I’ll be on my way,” Jovian said flatly. He stood to leave and felt that continuing this conversation was pointless.
“Hold on.” Huxley quickly got up to stop him.
He smiled and said, “Since you’re already here, why not make yourself comfortable? We’ve barely exchanged a few words and haven’t even finished our tea. People might think we’ve been poor hosts if you leave now.”
With that, he strode forward and warmly guided Jovian back to his seat.
Unlike Warrick’s hardline approach, Huxley knew when to switch tactics. If force didn’t work, charm might. After all, there always had to be a good cop to balance out the bad.
“Do you have anything else to ask, gentlemen?” Jovian’s tone remained indifferent. Although he had taken his seat again, he no longer bothered with keeping up the pretense.
“Since we’re all on the same page here, I’ll get to the point.” Huxley dropped the niceties.
He continued, “We both know things in Oakvale have been chaotic lately. At a time like this, West Lucozia’s stance is crucial. So tell me has Lord Austin said anything to you? Which side is His Highness leaning toward? Or does he have other plans?”
This was no longer a hint. It was a direct demand. If Jovian tried to play dumb now, the entire evening would have been for nothing.
“If you’d just asked me upfront, Sir Thatcher, I would’ve gotten what you meant right away. There’s no need for all this beating around the bush,” Jovian said meaningfully.
“So, did Lord Austin tell you anything?” Huxley unconsciously leaned forward, his tone edged with urgency.
Percival and Warrick perked up as they were eager for an answer.
“I understand your concerns, but unfortunately, Lord Austin didn’t share anything with me.” Jovian shook his head.
“That’s hard to believe. You were at the castle with him for hours. You expect us to believe that you only discussed personal matters?” Percival frowned.
“That’s right, Mr. Jovian. We agreed to be upfront. Keeping secrets isn’t fair.” Huxley narrowed his eyes and looked displeased.
Warrick didn’t say a single word, but his face had darkened, and he looked ready to explode.
“I assure you, I’ve told you the truth,” Jovian said seriously. “I asked Lord Austin about these matters, but he didn’t answer me. So, there’s nothing I can tell you.”
“You little punk! Do you think we’re fools? Do you really expect us to buy that?”
Warrick slammed his fist on the table, and his temper finally boiled over.
“Mr. Prescott, please calm down.” Huxley quickly intervened to stop the increasingly agitated Warrick.
Then, he turned to Jovian, smiling. “Mr. Jovian, we’re not asking without offering something in return. Here’s the deal-tell us the truth, and the three of us will owe you a favor. No matter what trouble you run into in the future, we’ll back you up.
What do you say?”
In Huxley’s mind, this was a generous offer. Three high-ranking officials were willing to back Jovian. That was worth far more than gold or jewels.
“That’s a tempting offer,” Jovian said coolly.
He added, “If I had any information, I’d tell you. But the truth is, I don’t know anything. Lord Austin invited me to the castle, but apart from dining and drinking, he simply gave me a tour and spoke about family matters. He never once brought up politics. If you don’t believe me, you can ask Boston. He’ll confirm it.”
“You two are in cahoots. Of course he’d cover for you,” Percival shot back.
“Then, let’s go ask Lord Austin together. See for yourselves whether I’m lying,” Jovian retorted.
“You…” Percival was momentarily at a loss for words.
Confronting Austin directly would be like walking into a trap. If Austin found out that they’d been threatening Jovian, he’d be furious.
“I’ve said all I can and cooperated as much as possible. If you still don’t believe me, there’s nothing more I can do,” Jovian said coolly.
A heavy silence fell over the room.
They weren’t sure if Jovian was lying or if they were willing to take the risk of assuming he was.
###Chapter 2462
“Gentlemen, I’ve done my part and had my tea already. I still have things to take care of, so I’ll leave now. Farewell!” Jovian said.
When no one responded, he didn’t say another word. He nodded respectfully, stood up, and exited the room.
When the door opened, Warrick’s face darkened, and his hand instinctively moved toward the hilt of his sword. But before he could act, Huxley gently touched his arm and shook his head.
Jovian noticed something was off and paused at the doorway before stepping out.
Boston, who was standing by the door, let out a quiet sigh of relief as he watched Jovian leave without a scratch. His relief was short-lived, though, when he saw the grim expressions on the faces of the three men inside.
It was clear that the meeting hadn’t gone well. Fortunately, nothing too serious had happened. Otherwise, Boston would have much explaining to do to both sides.
“Why did you stop me? That arrogant brat clearly doesn’t respect us. He’ll think we’re pushovers if we don’t teach him a lesson.” Warrick slammed his fist on the table.
The rosewood split apart under the impact, and food and wine flew everywhere. In the past, his temper would have led him to kill Jovian on the spot.
“If he were anyone else, you could do whatever you wanted,” Huxley said calmly.
“But Jovian isn’t just from the Ballard family. He’s also Lord Austin’s guest. If something happened to him here today, do you think His Highness would let us off the hook?”
“That’s right,” Percival added. “We can threaten and intimidate all we want, but harming him is out of the question. It’s not worth provoking Lord Austin over a petty dispute.”
Throwing out a few threats and trying to scare Jovian was one thing, but hurting him would cause a lot of trouble. Even though they weren’t afraid of the Ballard family, they still had to show Austin respect.
“We can’t insult or hit him. So we just let him leave?” Warrick still seemed unsatisfied.
If word got out about this, his reputation would take a hit.
“Mr. Prescott, calm down,” Huxley said calmly. “We invited him here. Lord Austin will hold us responsible if something goes wrong on our watch. But if it happens somewhere else, it’s a different story.”
Warrick paused for a moment, then seemed to get the idea. “You’re saying that we should handle this… discreetly?”
“Get a few skilled men, grab him, interrogate him, and make sure he vanishes without a trace.” Huxley made a slashing motion across his throat and lowered his voice. “As long as we keep it clean and leave no evidence, even if Lord Austin suspects something, he won’t have a reason to come after us.”
“I like the sound of that.” Warrick’s eyes lit up.
Killing and covering it up wasn’t anything new to him. If Jovian had been a local noble from West Lucozia, Warrick might have thought twice.
Jovian was from Oakvale and had some influence, but not enough to stir things up here. With their reach, Warrick didn’t need to worry about the Ballard family’s retaliation.
As for Austin, as long as they didn’t make a scene, Warrick figured that Austin wouldn’t make a fuss over a dead man.
“Gentlemen, this isn’t something we should take lightly. Maybe we should think this through a little more,” Percival said hesitantly.
Gathering information was one thing, but if it led to someone’s death, he felt it crossed a line.
“If you’re scared, don’t get involved. Let me handle it,” Warrick said coldly. “But let me make one thing clear-everyone knows what happened today. If this leaks, don’t blame me for turning on you.”
“Don’t worry, Mr. Prescott.” Percival laughed awkwardly. “Consider me absent today. I know nothing.”
He was close to retirement and wanted to enjoy his remaining years without causing trouble. If he could avoid it, he would. After all these years in politics, he knew that sometimes, it was best to let things slide and tolerate a little trouble when necessary.
Warrick scoffed before remarking, “The older you get, the more timid you become. “He cast a sideways glance at him. He was clearly displeased but didn’t say anything more.
With Huxley’s help, dealing with Jovian was easy enough. He felt that Percival’s presence wasn’t necessary.
In a moving jeep, Jovian sat with his eyes closed in the back seat while Boston looked uneasy beside him.
“Jovian, I think something’s off. You should leave West Lucozia now. The sooner, the better.” Boston finally spoke up after a long pause.
“I’ve already made arrangements with Lord Austin. We’re supposed to head back to Oakvale tomorrow. If I leave now, I’d be going back on my word.” Jovian slowly opened his eyes.
“Forget that. Right now, your life is more important.” Boston frowned. “Sir Prescott has a quick temper, and he’s ruthless. You embarrassed him today, and he won’t let it slide. If you don’t leave now, you won’t be able to leave tomorrow.”
“You mean he’s planning to kill me?”
Jovian raised an eyebrow.
“Given my understanding of him, that’s a strong possibility,” Boston said seriously.
“I’m Lord Austin’s guest. If they kill me, how will they explain it to him?” Jovian said flatly.
“As long as they cover their tracks, Lord Austin won’t be able to do a thing. After all, they’re the pillars of West Lucozia, and His Highness won’t stir up trouble over the Ballard family,” Boston said solemnly.
At this, Jovian fell silent. He thought about it for a moment. It was true that this was his first time meeting Austin.
No matter how well they got along, Austin wouldn’t risk offending influential figures in West Lucozia for a dead man.
Moreover, Jovian had no reason to bet his life on it. There was nothing to gain by winning, but losing would mean losing everything.
###Chapter 2463
“Jovian, listen to me. West Lucozia’s trouble runs deep. You won’t be able to handle it. You need to get out of there,” Boston urged.
When Jovian remained silent, Boston couldn’t hide his growing concern. After all, they were comrades, and he didn’t want to see his friend die on the street.
“You’re right. I’m not afraid if they come at me head-on. What worries me is if they come at me from behind.”
After hesitating for a moment, Jovian nodded. “Alright, Boston. Take me back to the hotel. I’ll pack my things.”
“Now that’s more like it.” Boston sighed in relief. “As they say, there’s always a chance as long as you’re alive. The most important thing is to stay safe.”
“Thanks, man. I’ll buy you a drink next time.” Jovian smiled.
Without Boston’s constant advice, Jovian might have taken a chance. But if things went south, he’d regret it too late.
Back at the hotel, Jovian wasted no time. He packed quickly, then hopped into Boston’s car to head to the airport. With the burden lifted, they joked and laughed along the way.
As they neared a junction, a large truck ran a red light and sped straight toward them.
The driver reacted too late and steered the wheel just in time to tip the jeep over. It rolled several times before crashing through a guardrail and landing in a roadside ditch.
The driver passed out on the spot while Jovian and Boston were thrown around. They were severely shaken. Fortunately, their strength kept them from serious injury.
Boston kicked open the mangled door and climbed out.
“Goddamn it…” He was about to curse when he saw three figures jumping off the truck.
The figures were all dressed in black, with their faces hidden behind masks. Long shadows stretched under the dim streetlights, giving off a menacing, almost otherworldly vibe.
Jovian climbed out of the car, and his gaze locked onto the three figures. He frowned, and an uneasy feeling settled deep in his chest.
“It looks like we’ve been set up,” he said grimly.
It was clear to him now. This wasn’t just some random accident but a planned attack.
“Yeah. Something tells me that they’re not here to chat.” Jovian shrugged off his jacket to reveal his toned build.
He’d thought he was being careful, but it wasn’t enough to avoid this trap. It seemed that Boston had been right all along. The real danger from Warrick was far from over.
“Jovian, we’re close to the airport. I’ll hold them off for a while. You should go first.” Boston unsheathed a short knife. His eyes were sharp as he watched the men in black.
“What nonsense are you saying? I may not be the best, but I won’t leave you behind.” Jovian cracked his neck and said with a determined look. “We’re not helpless. We can handle ourselves in a fight.”
“Good! It’s been a while since we’ve last fought together. Let’s take this chance to show them what we’re made of.” Boston got into a fighting stance without saying much.
If they didn’t fight together in a life-or-death situation, they’d both end up dead. Boston didn’t believe for a second that the assassins sent by Warrick would let them off easily.
The three men in black pulled out their knives as they got within about 30 feet of the two.
“To hell with it! We’re going all in,” Boston shouted, and the two charged forward.
After all, when two brave souls clashed, one would come out on top. In such fights, momentum would often determine the outcome. It was a relentless, fearless drive forward.
In a brief but intense sprint, the five men collided.
Boston was a powerhouse. His military knife slashed through the air with precision, and his attacks were fast and deadly.
In contrast, Jovian was a master of hand-to -hand combat and grappling. His agility and speed let him strike first, quickly overpowering his opponents with decisive moves.
But the assassins were no amateurs. Each one was close to being a master in their own right. In terms of raw strength, they held the edge.
Yet, Jovian and Boston’s seamless teamwork and unyielding fighting spirit kept them in the fight, and they refused to give an inch.
After a brief skirmish, both sides were bleeding. Boston had been slashed three times, with blood pouring from the wounds, while Jovian had a deep gash across his chest and abdomen.
But neither of them cared about the pain. The adrenaline was pumping, and their determination only grew with every strike.
The three assassins were on the back foot.
They hadn’t expected their opponents-who they’d pegged as weaker-to be so vicious. This was nothing like the intel they’d received.
“Kill them! You bastards, I’m going to rip you apart!” Boston roared, and his face twisted into a savage grin.
With an aura of death surrounding him, Boston looked like a demon from hell who struck fear into anyone who saw him.
Jovian remained cool-headed. His focus was unwavering as he and Boston exchanged heavy blows with their attackers.
Seeing that they were losing ground, the assassins fought with everything they had. And then the battle exploded into a brutal, life-or-death struggle.
###Chapter 2464
The sounds of battle echoed under the streetlights. Shouts of pain mixed with the clash of weapons could be heard. Five figures were locked in a deadly struggle, and blood splattered across the ground.
The fight raged for nearly half an hour until the noise gradually subsided. The five figures lay motionless in pools of blood.
Under the dim glow of the streetlights, three of the black-clad assassins were confirmed dead. One’s neck was snapped, another’s chest pierced, and the last had bled out from a fatal wound.
Jovian and Boston were in no better condition.
Boston was soaked in blood. His body was riddled with deep cuts, some so severe they exposed the bone beneath.
Jovian wasn’t much better. His abdomen and shoulder were slashed. His right arm had been severed, and he was left in a pitiful state.
Boston coughed. After taking down the last assassin, he collapsed to the ground. He gasped for air as blood poured from his mouth.
His chest and abdomen were torn open, and his organs spilled out. He was pale, and his breathing was shallow and erratic. His life was slipping away.
“Boston… Boston!” Jovian cried out. He staggered to his fallen comrade’s side while clutching his own wounds.
He hurriedly pulled out a tablet and tried to feed it to Boston. He then tore strips of cloth from his shirt to try and stop the bleeding. But Boston’s injuries were too severe. The tablet had no effect, and the makeshift bandages did little to stop blood flow.
“Boston, hang in there! I’ll get you to the hospital,” Jovian shouted frantically as he tried to lift Boston. But with only one arm, he struggled to maintain balance and failed repeatedly.
“Jovian… Listen to me…” Boston’s bloodied hand gripped Jovian’s arm and said weakly, “I’m done for… You need to go while you still can. Take care of my wife and kids… for me…”
“No! You’re going to make it. We’ve been through hell together-Red Tombsea, remember? You’re not dying here! I’ll get you out of here.”
Jovian gritted his teeth as he struggled to lift Boston onto his back. Blood stained the ground as he limped toward the truck.
But despite Jovian’s efforts, Boston’s head lolled to the side. His body turned limp, and he was gone.
“Boston! Boston! Wake up!” Jovian shouted, but there was no response.
Boston lay still as if he had simply fallen asleep. Jovian stopped in his tracks, and his heart was heavy with grief.
Boston deserved a peaceful life, but because of his involvement, he had been dragged into this hellish situation and paid with his life.
Guilt washed over him. He regretted asking Boston for help. If only he hadn’t crossed paths with those wolves in human clothing. Maybe none of this would have happened.
Just as Jovian was consumed by despair, the roar of engines cut through the night. Several black SUVs screeched to a halt and blocked the road.
Doors flew open, and a dozen masked assassins in black poured out. They quickly surrounded Jovian.
The leader of the group, Ronan Barley, glanced at the bodies of his fallen comrades and frowned. “You took out three of my men. Impressive. But it won’t save you.”
“Did Sir Prescott send you?” Jovian growled through clenched teeth.
“A dead man doesn’t need answers,” Ronan replied coldly. He gestured to his men. “Take him down.”
At his command, the assassins lunged forward.
“I’ll take you all down with me!” Jovian charged at them with what little strength he had left. His remaining arm swung wildly as he dove into the fray.
Despite his injuries, his fighting spirit burned brighter than ever. Fueled by rage and desperation, he fought like a wild beast, using every part of his body as a weapon. He bit, headbutted, and striked with everything he had left.
“Capture him alive!” Ronan barked.
The assassins hesitated and were wary of getting too close. Instead, they circled Jovian to wear him down with hit-and-run tactics.
It didn’t take long for Jovian’s strength to wane. He was gasping for breath, drenched in sweat, his wounds worsening with every move. If this kept up, he’d collapse from exhaustion before they even landed the final blow.
Seeing no way out, his eyes hardened with determination.
“Think you’ll catch me alive? Dream on! I’d rather die than let you win!”
With a defiant roar, Jovian raised his remaining arm and slammed his palm into his own head. He chose to end his life rather than fall into their hands.
###Chapter 2465
A dull sound echoed through the air.
Jovian’s body shuddered. Blood streamed from his eyes, ears, and nose as he crumpled to the ground, lifeless. He was dead. After fighting to his last breath, he had chosen the only honorable way out.
The scene had left even the assassins, who were no strangers to bloodshed, momentarily stunned. Taking one’s own life so decisively wasn’t something just anyone could do. Even the lowest of creatures had the instinct to cling to life, let alone a human being.
“This guy… He’s ruthless,” Ronan muttered, and his face darkened.
Warrick had given strict orders to capture Jovian alive, but now he was dead.
Now, Ronan had no way to deliver. If he had known it would come to this, he would have personally intervened to kill Jovian first.
“What now, boss?” one of the assassins asked.
“Clean up the scene,” Ronan ordered. “I’ll take the body back myself.” With that, he hoisted Jovian’s body onto his shoulder, tossed it into the vehicle, and drove off.
Warrick and Huxley were enjoying a casual tea session inside a luxurious private estate while waiting for the mission’s update.
“Mr. Prescott, it’s been a while, and there’s still no word from your men. Don’t tell me that they’ve failed,” Huxley inquired.
“Impossible,” Warrick replied firmly. “My assassins are the best of the best. There’s even a grandmaster martial artist among them. Taking down two nobodies should’ve been effortless.”
He rarely deployed these elite assassins. But when he did, the mission was always a guaranteed success. There had never been an exception.
“If you say so, then I won’t worry.” Huxley looked relieved.
If Jovian had escaped, it would’ve spelled trouble for both of them.
“Don’t worry about my men. Jovian will be captured. The real question is, can you erase all traces of this?” Warrick shot back.
“Mr. Prescott, the entire enforcement team in West Lucozia’s capital is under my command. I’ve already given the order. Nothing from tonight will ever be leaked. By sunrise, Jovian will have vanished without a trace,” Huxley assured him, smirking.
“Good.” Warrick nodded approvingly. “I’ll handle the interrogation. You clean up the mess. We each do our part.”
“To a successful partnership.” Huxley raised his teacup in a toast before draining it.
As the two men settled back into their conversation, someone knocked on the door.
“Enter,” Warrick called.
The door swung open. Ronan stepped in first, followed by two subordinates carrying a stretcher. A body lay on it, draped in a white sheet.
“Well? Did you bring him in?” Warrick asked coolly.
“Sir Prescott, the target took his own life. All we could bring back is his body,” Ronan replied succinctly.
“What? He’s dead?” Warrick jumped to his feet. “You useless fools! I specifically ordered you to bring him in alive. And now you’ve brought me his body?” His voice boomed through the room.
Ronan immediately dropped to his knees. ” I’ve failed my mission. I accept any punishment.”
“Useless fool! I should kill you where you stand.” Warrick unsheathed his blade in one swift motion.
Before he could strike, Huxley raised a hand to stop him. “Calm down, Mr. Prescott. No one expected Jovian to kill himself. What’s done is done. Punishing them won’t change anything. We should focus on cleaning this up.”
Warrick scowled but reluctantly slid his sword back into its sheath. “Fine. You live. But you won’t get off easy. You’ll receive 80 lashes. Now get out of my sight.”
“Thank you for your mercy, Sir Prescott,” Ronan said quickly, bowing low.
80 lashes meant two weeks of being bedridden, but at least he’d keep his head.
“Hold it,” Warrick called just as they were about to leave. “Did you leave any loose ends? Any witnesses?”
“No survivors,” Ronan replied. “Our men are already cleaning up the scene.”
“Make sure it’s spotless. Not a single trace left behind,” Warrick ordered coldly. “If I find even a whisper of this leaking, you’ll pay with your heads.”
“Got it, Sir Prescott!” Ronan gave a crisp response before turning to leave.
Silence settled over the room, broken only by the steady drip of blood soaking through the stretcher’s sheet.
Warrick stepped forward and yanked the cloth away.
Jovian’s face stared back at him, twisted in death. Blood caked his features, and his lifeless eyes were frozen in defiance.
“You were so arrogant before. Why so quiet now?” Warrick sneered. “This is what happens when you cross me.”
With a sudden motion, he drew his blade and severed Jovian’s head from his body. Then, with a kick, he sent it flying across the room like a ball.
Behind him, Huxley frowned slightly, but he quickly composed himself.
Jovian’s suicide had thrown a wrench into their plans. Not only had they failed to extract any useful information, but they’d also created a mess that needed to be cleaned up.
Still, there was no turning back now. As long as they covered their tracks, they could avoid any fallout. The game was far from over.
###Chapter 2466
The next morning, after breakfast at the West Lucozian castle, Austin tried calling. Jovian. However, his calls went unanswered. After several attempts, he still couldn’t get through.
“Huh?” Austin was puzzled.
They had made plans the previous day to head to Oakvale that day. Why was Jovian suddenly unreachable? Had he stood Austin up?
After thinking it over, he found that unlikely. He and Jovian had gotten along well and even called each other brothers. On top of that, they had promised to travel together and watch out for one another.
If Jovian had an urgent matter that required him to leave West Lucozia, he would have at least given Austin a heads-up. Jovian wouldn’t just disappear without a word.
“Could something have happened to him?”
Austin’s unease grew.
He quickly summoned his trusted aide. “Go find out where Jovian is. Report back to me as soon as you have any information.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” the aide replied before hurrying off.
Austin poured himself a cup of tea and waited in silence.
About an hour later, the aide returned.
“Well? Any news?” Austin stood up immediately, his voice urgent.
While waiting, he had tried calling Jovian multiple times, but there was still no response.
“Your Highness, I went to the hotel where Jovian was staying. The staff said he checked out last night,” the aide reported.
“He left last night?” Austin raised an eyebrow. “Did he already leave for Oakvale?
“I checked the departure records. Jovian booked a flight, but he never boarded. It seems he’s still in West Lucozia,” the aide explained.
“He booked a flight but didn’t board it?” Austin muttered, his frown deepening.
Could something have happened to him?”
Jovian was a distinguished guest, someone Dustin had specifically told Austin to treat with the utmost respect. If something had happened to Jovian, how would Austin explain it to Dustin?
“Is there anything else?” Austin asked urgently.
“My investigation shows that Jovian left with Boston last night. I went to Boston’s residence, but like Jovian, he’s also missing,” the aide stated.
Austin’s eyes sharpened. “Find them! Search every inch of Celestria if you have to. Bring them back!”
“Understood!” The aide saluted and left in a hurry.
What had started as a simple search for a person had now escalated into a full-scale city-wide operation. The West Lucozian monarchy had its own dedicated enforcement team, which stood above all other institutions.
Once mobilized, all official personnel in West Lucozia had to drop everything and cooperate fully. More importantly, the royal enforcement team had the power to act first and report later.
Whether they were a high-ranking official or an influential noble, anyone who obstructed the royal enforcement team’s work could be executed on the spot. Resistance was met with severe punishment-beheading at best, or the annihilation of an entire family at worst.
There had been a case years ago involving a high-ranking official who, relying on his achievements, had flouted the law and allowed his family to commit atrocities. When the enforcement team arrived to make arrests, he called on his private army to resist.
In the end, all his direct family members, including the official himself, were executed. An entire family of over 300 people was wiped out in a single night.
From then on, the royal enforcement team became a nightmare for all West Lucozia’s officials. So, whenever the team was mobilized, the entire capital city of Celestria was thrown into a state of unease, with people scrambling to avoid drawing their attention.
Inside the Prescott estate, Warrick was engaged in live combat training with his guards on the training ground.
Shirtless, his impressive physique on full display, he wielded the long spear with expert precision. Even against ten guards, he maintained the upper hand.
Though these guards were all elite, handpicked from the best of the best, they were forced to retreat under Warrick’s relentless assault. Within minutes, over ten men lay sprawled on the ground.
“Useless fools!” Warrick slammed his spear into the ground, then pointed it at one of the guards’ noses.
He continued, “I told you to train more and improve your skills, but you all had to slack off. Now, you’re a bunch of weaklings. You couldn’t even block three of my moves. If I had to rely on you for protection, I’d be dead by now.”
“Sir Prescott, it’s not that we’re not capable. It’s just that you’re too strong. There aren’t many in all of West Lucozia who can last three moves against you,” the guard captain said, cradling his dislocated shoulder.
Though the guard looked miserable, his flattery seemed to please Warrick.
“Hmph! I’ll let it slide this time. But if you’re still this pathetic next time, don’t blame me for breaking out the disciplinary rods.”
Warrick tossed his spear, and it landed perfectly in the weapon rack.
Ignoring his dislocated shoulder, the guard captain quickly grabbed a dry towel and hurriedly handed it to Warrick.
Warrick wiped the sweat and casually tossed the towel back.
The guard captain immediately retrieved a coat and draped it over Warrick’s shoulders, his movements smooth and practiced. It was a testament to the captain’s dedication.
“Mr. Prescott! Mr. Prescott!” Huxley barged into the training grounds, looking anxious
Two guards moved to block his path, but he shoved them aside and sent them sprawling.
Seeing this, the guard captain stepped forward to block Huxley, but Warrick raised a hand to stop him.
“Mr. Thatcher, what’s the rush? It’s very unlike you.” Warrick sat down leisurely and motioned for the guards to pour tea.
“I just received news that Lord Austin has mobilized the royal enforcement team. They’re conducting a city-wide search for Jovian. We might be in trouble this time.” Huxley looked solemn.
He thought Austin wouldn’t make a big deal over Jovian. To his surprise, Austin deployed the royal enforcement team just one night after Jovian’s disappearance.
The last time the enforcement team was fully mobilized was three years ago when the Cosblans family was annihilated. Over 300 members of their bloodline had been executed. None had survived.
###Chapter 2467
“Hm?”
Even Warrick frowned at the news.
The royal enforcement team was rarely mobilized. When they did, it was always for something monumental. The question was, did a minor figure like Jovian Ballard really warrant such attention from Austin?
“Mr. Thatcher, are you sure the royal enforcement team has been mobilized? And it’s because of Jovian?” Warrick asked skeptically.
“Of course I’m sure,” Huxley replied with a grave expression. “I’ve just received orders from above. The enforcement team captain will be taking over my duties temporarily. From now on, they’ll have full control over the city’s defense and investigative operations.”
“That’s strange. Why would Lord Austin go to such lengths for someone so insignificant?” Warrick was confused, his brow furrowing.
According to his intel, this was the first time Jovian and Austin had even met. Even if they had crossed paths before, it shouldn’t have been enough to justify deploying the enforcement team.
It seemed Warrick had underestimated Jovian’s importance to Austin.
“It looks like Lord Austin is serious this time. Do you have a plan?” Huxley probed cautiously.
With all his authority handed over, he couldn’t mobilize any soldiers for the time being. That left him feeling uneasy.
“There’s no need for a plan,” Warrick replied coolly. “Just act like this never happened because we wiped out all traces. Even the enforcement team won’t find anything linking us to this.”
He had anticipated the possibility of an investigation. Hence, he sent nameless assassins without identification so that nothing could be traced back to them.
Every trace of last night’s events had been meticulously scrubbed away, leaving no loose ends. Jovian’s body had been incinerated and burned to nothing-no corpse, no proof, nothing left to investigate.
Even if Austin grew suspicious or the enforcement team started an investigation, they couldn’t do anything to Warrick without solid evidence.
His surprise lasted only a moment before he regained his composure.
“I understand your confidence, but walls have ears. The enforcement team is known for their methods. If they uncover even the smallest clue, it could spell trouble for us,” Huxley said with a frown.
“What could they possibly find?” Warrick scoffed. “Unless you’ve slipped up, there’s no way they’ll find anything.”
He paused, then shot Huxley a sideways. glance. “Let me ask again-can your men be trusted?”
“My men are loyal. They’ve been through thick and thin with me. I trust they won’t leak a thing. What I’m worried about are the assassins you sent. Can they be trusted? “Huxley countered.
“Don’t worry. I’ve already sent them out of West Lucozia last night. Even if the enforcement team had supernatural abilities, they still wouldn’t be able to track them beyond our borders,” Warrick said confidently.
“Good… that’s good…” Huxley let out a sigh of relief. “Still, just to be safe, we should coordinate our stories. If the enforcement team does come knocking, we can’t afford any inconsistencies.”
“Mr. Thatcher, you’re being overly cautious. We’ve covered our tracks perfectly. Their investigation will hit a dead end. There’s no need to worry,” Warrick teased.
“I’d rather be paranoid than careless,” Huxley replied with a faint smile.
He had been uneasy ever since he heard that the royal enforcement team was involved. His anxiety only grew when they temporarily took over the city’s defense operations. That was why he had rushed over to confer with Warrick.
After exchanging information, he finally felt more at ease.
Later that afternoon, Austin sat in the meeting room inside the West Lucozian castle with a dark expression.
Standing beside him was Axel Crux, captain of the royal enforcement team.
“Your Highness, based on our investigation, Jovian only came into contact with three people after leaving the castle. I suspect his disappearance is connected to them,” Axel reported.
“Who are they?” Austin’s gaze was icy. By now, he was almost certain that something had happened to Jovian.
“Huxley Thatcher, Warrick Prescott, and Percival Wentworth,” Axel stated.
“Those three?” Austin frowned.
He remembered seeing them among the crowd gathered outside the castle gates yesterday.
“According to our findings, the three hosted a banquet last night and specifically invited Jovian. Things apparently got tense during the meal. Shortly after, Jovian mysteriously disappeared without a trace, “Axel explained.
“So, it’s safe to assume his disappearance is tied to them?” Austin’s expression turned grim.
Pulling something this bold right under his nose was like robbing a king in his own throne room.
“Time is short, and we haven’t found concrete evidence yet. But they are our prime suspects,” Axel confirmed.
“Hmph! Those fools have some nerve.
They dared to mess with my guest like I didn’t matter.” Austin slammed his hand against the table. “Bring them to me right now so I can question them myself.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” Axel responded before turning to leave.
###Chapter 2468
The enforcement team worked with remarkable efficiency. Within an hour, Huxley, Warrick, and Percival had been brought back to the castle.
Per Austin’s instructions, Axel made sure the three met briefly upon arrival, though they were given no opportunity to speak to one another. Afterward, they were taken to separate rooms and were guarded individually.
Due to their status, the enforcement team treated them with respect, offering them tea and wine. However, they weren’t allowed to leave their rooms and had to wait for Austin to summon them.
Warrick was confined to Room A1, Huxley to Room A2, and Percival to Room A3.
Their rooms were right next to each other, separated only by thin walls. If they stepped out, they would see one another, but none of them knew how close they were.
This, of course, was all part of Austin’s plan. He knew that extracting the truth from these three cunning foxes would require unconventional tactics.
Inside Room A1, Warrick sat calmly, sipping his tea without a hint of concern.
He had anticipated being questioned by Austin and had prepared for it in advance.
As long as Austin had no evidence, Warrick saw no reason to worry. To him, the questioning was nothing more than a formality.
Next door in Room A2, Huxley appeared just as composed, acting as though none of this concerned him.
The assassin had been sent out of West Lucozia, and Jovian’s body had been incinerated. Even if the enforcement team turned West Lucozia upside down, they wouldn’t find a single clue.
Besides, he and Warrick had already coordinated their plan. As long as they both remained silent and claimed ignorance, this whole situation would blow over.
Even with his noble status, Austin couldn’t take action against them without solid evidence. Doing so would be reckless-inviting a potential backlash from the government and stirring unrest among the people.
Meanwhile, the mood in Room A3 was starkly different.
In contrast to the calm demeanor of Warrick and Huxley, the white-haired Percival appeared restless. He paced back and forth across the room, hands behind his back, his face clouded with worry.
Although he hadn’t been directly involved in Jovian’s death, he was one of the few who knew about it. What troubled him most was that he had dinner with Jovian the night before his disappearance. That alone was enough to make him a suspect.
His biggest fear now was that if Austin misunderstood the situation and thought he was behind Jovian’s death, things would get complicated.
“Damn it… How did I get roped into this?”
Percival thought bitterly. If he had known that things would escalate this far, he never would have gotten involved in the first place.
Austin was seething with anger and had even called in the enforcement team. If they uncovered anything suspicious, Percival knew he would be in deep trouble.
Even if he survived the investigation, his career would be ruined. After all, he had been involved in more than a few corrupt dealings and abuse of power during his many years in the government.
Austin sat quietly inside the secret room as he observed the trio’s behavior through a surveillance screen.
Warrick and Huxley were unnervingly calm, as though they had anticipated this.
It didn’t make sense because no one could stay so composed after being taken by the enforcement team. Either they were truly innocent with nothing to hide, or they were confident they wouldn’t be caught.
After observing for a long moment, Austin ordered, “Bring Warrick in first.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” Axel responded and quickly left the room.
Austin rose and slipped back into the meeting room through a hidden passage.
A short while later, Axel entered with Warrick in tow.
“Your Highness, it is my privilege to stand before you,” Warrick greeted with a respectful fist salute.
“Sit,” Austin said with a nod.
“Thank you,” Warrick replied, taking a seat with an air of composure.
Axel poured tea, all the while keeping a wary eye on Warrick.
Rumor had it that Warrick had mastered the Steelheart Technique to perfection. He could easily behead an opposing commander in the midst of battle. Such a powerful figure, if he rebelled, would undoubtedly pose a serious threat.
“Mr. Prescott, do you know why I’ve summoned you here?” Austin asked calmly.
“I don’t. Please enlighten me.” Warrick’s expression was neutral.
“My friend went missing last night, and his whereabouts remained unknown. I suspect he’s been murdered, and I’m currently investigating the matter. I’d like to know if you have any information about this,” Austin said bluntly.
“Your Highness, are you implying that I’m involved?” Warrick raised an eyebrow.
“According to my investigation, my friend met with you last night before he went missing. Do you have anything to say about that?” Austin said coldly.
“I walk on the straight and narrow, Your Highness. I would never engage in such underhanded dealings. Besides, I had no grudge against Jovian, so why would I want to kill him?” Warrick countered.
“I never mentioned my friend’s name. How would you know he’s called Jovian?” Austin suddenly shot back.
“I…” Warrick was momentarily speechless but quickly continued, “The only person who met with me last night and is also acquainted with you is Jovian, Your Highness. Was I wrong to assume it was him?”
“You seem to have done your homework.” Austin let out a mirthless chuckle.
He continued, “Mr. Prescott, you know my temperament. If you confess and tell me the truth, I can spare your life. But if you insist on your stubbornness and resist to the bitter end, don’t say I didn’t warn you about my cruelty.”
“If I am guilty, I will accept my punishment. But before that, I ask that Your Highness show me the evidence. If you’re planning to charge me without proof, I won’t stand for it. I assure you, neither will the soldiers of West Lucozia,” Warrick responded firmly.
“Very well. If you want to play this game, I’ll play along.”
Austin waved his hand and ordered, ”
Escort Mr. Prescott back to his room. Bring in Mr. Thatcher.”
###Chapter 2469
“After you, Sir Prescott.”
With one hand resting on the hilt of his sword, Axel’s other hand gestured toward the door.
“Hmph!” Warrick shot a cold glance at Axel’s subtle movement and then turned to leave the meeting room.
Even if Austin had his suspicions, Warrick knew he couldn’t do anything to him without concrete evidence.
Axel escorted Warrick back to Room A1.
After closing the door, he went to Room A2 and led Huxley to the meeting room.
“Your Highness, it is my privilege to stand before you.”
Huxley entered the meeting room with a respectful salute.
“Mr. Thatcher, please take a seat.”
Austin’s face remained neutral as he gestured for Huxley to sit, then motioned for Axel to pour him a cup of tea.
“Do you know why I’ve summoned you here today?” Austin spoke calmly, and his words carried the same probing tone as earlier.
“Is it about Jovian’s disappearance?”
Huxley asked in return.
“Oh? It seems you’re quick on the uptake.”
Austin raised an eyebrow. “In that case, go ahead and tell me everything you know.”
“I’ve only heard rumors, but his disappearance has nothing to do with me.
If Your Highness summoned me here just for questioning, I’m afraid you’ve got the wrong person.” Huxley lowered his head slightly, and his expression was hidden.
“Really?” Austin let out a derisive laugh.
He continued, “Jovian was last seen with the three of you. Last night, he even had a dispute with all of you. You say it has nothing to do with you, but do you think I’ll believe that?”
“Your Highness, I swear everything I’ve said is true,” Huxley replied earnestly.
He went on, “Although I invited Jovian to dinner last night, I went home afterward and never left again. If you don’t believe me, Your Highness, you can ask my family.
They can vouch for me.”
“Mr. Thatcher, we both know better than to play these games. Don’t try to pull that on me.” Austin smiled and spoke coldly.
He continued, “I’ll give you one more chance. If you confess and admit your mistake, I’ll spare you. If you keep denying it, you’ll only bring ruin upon yourself and your family.”
“Your Highness, I’ve always been dedicated to serving West Lucozia and the royal family. I believe I’ve done nothing wrong. I beg you to investigate this matter thoroughly,” Huxley said humbly as he kept his head low.
“Don’t worry, I intend to investigate this matter thoroughly,” Austin replied coldly. “I gave you a chance, and you turned it down. There’s nothing more to say. Axel, escort him out.”
“Sir Thatcher, this way.” Axel didn’t say much and escorted Huxley out of the meeting room.
On the way back, Huxley frowned slightly and felt uneasy. He could tell that Austin was genuinely furious this time. If evidence were found, the consequences would be severe dismissal at best, execution at worst.
Though Huxley had coordinated with Warrick and handled the loose ends, he couldn’t shake the guilt. All he could do now was hope Austin found nothing and the matter would eventually blow over.
After escorting Huxley back to Room A2, Axel returned to the meeting room.
At that moment, Austin was lost in thought while holding his teacup. He could tell that Warrick and Huxley were in collusion, which was why they were confident that they could get away with it.
Given their skills and resources, they would leave no trace behind once they decided to kill someone. Even if the enforcement team were mobilized, it would be nearly impossible to find solid evidence.
Austin knew he’d have to take a different approach.
“Axel, release them,” he said suddenly after a long silence.
“Release them?” Axel looked confused. ” Your Highness, they’re the prime suspects. Why release them?”
“Since there’s no evidence, we can’t do anything to them for the time being. It’s better to release them and use a different approach to make them show their hand.”
Austin’s eyes narrowed slightly.
“Make them show their hand? What does that mean?” Axel asked, growing more confused. He realized he was having trouble keeping up with Austin’s train of thought.
“Don’t question it. Just do as I say.”
Austin’s tone was heavy with meaning. ” I’m not just going to release them. I’m going to invite them to a grand feast. As for how it’ll play out, let me explain.”
He gestured for Axel to come closer, and Axel immediately leaned in.
After a few whispered instructions, Axel’s eyes lit up. He quickly understood, and his expression shifted from confusion to admiration.
“That’s a brilliant idea! I never would’ve thought of that. You’re a genius, Your Highness,” he praised.
“Enough with the flattery. Get to work,” Austin urged.
“Don’t worry, Your Highness. I’ll make sure it’s done perfectly. I won’t let you down,” Axel assured him before hurrying out of the room.
Austin sipped his tea, and his gaze fixed on the setting sun outside the window.
He murmured, “Good advice doesn’t change a stubborn fool. I gave you the chance to confess, but you didn’t take it. This time, don’t blame me for making an example of you.”
###Chapter 2470
Ten minutes later, Warrick was escorted out of Room A1 again.
Axel’s demeanor had completely changed since their first meeting, and he had become unusually warm.
“Sir Prescott, Lord Austin has concluded the investigation. It turns out this matter has nothing to do with you. We made a mistake earlier, and I apologize for any offense caused.” He smiled apologetically and spoke with a humble tone.
“Hm?” Seeing the fawning expression on Axel’s face, Warrick raised an eyebrow and looked surprised.
Just moments ago, the two sides had been at each other’s throats. What had caused such a sudden change?
“Did you really investigate it thoroughly?” Warrick asked tentatively.
“Of course! According to our findings, Jovian’s disappearance was the result of a personal vendetta from his enemies in Oakvale,” Axel said with a straight face.
He continued, “He was a tyrant and always stirring up trouble everywhere he went. He got what was coming to him. Lord Austin only launched the investigation to give the Ballard family some closure. Since this was a personal vendetta, it has nothing to do with us here in West Lucozia.”
“I see…” Warrick shot a meaningful glance at the people around him.
He thought to himself, “If I hadn’t personally disposed of the body, I might’ve actually believed your lies.”
“Sir Prescott, this was our oversight. You’ve been put in a difficult position, and to make it up to you, Lord Austin has prepared a banquet in your honor at the castle. He’d like to invite you to dine with him as an apology,” Axel said with a grin.
“Mr. Cruz, you’re being too modest. It’s only natural that I cooperated with the investigation at Lord Austin’s request. As for apologies, I don’t deserve any,”
Warrick replied coolly.
The sudden change in Austin’s attitude left him uneasy. What exactly was Austin up to? One moment he was using threats and persuasion and the next second, he was hosting a banquet. Was there another scheme at play?
“Lord Austin clearly feels guilty. It’s just a meal, after all. Surely, you won’t refuse His Highness’ hospitality, right?” Axel said with a sly smile.
“Well…” Warrick hesitated for a moment, then nodded. “Since His Highness insists, it would be rude of me to refuse.”
“Sir Prescott, this way please.” Axel smiled faintly and enthusiastically led him away.
As they left, Percival happened to witness the scene. Seeing Warrick’s commanding presence and Axel’s overly warm demeanor, Percival frowned and unease twisted in his gut.
“Excuse me, was that Mr. Prescott who just passed by?” Percival asked the royal guard beside him.
“Yes, sir,” the guard on the left replied. ” The enforcement team is working to uncover the real murderer. Since Sir Prescott provided valuable intel, Lord Austin is hosting a grand banquet in his honor tonight.”
“Is that so?” Percival’s expression changed slightly, and his unease grew
“Shut up! Who permitted you to talk about this?” the guard on the right snapped. “If Lord Austin hears about this, you’d better pray he doesn’t make an example out of you.”
The guard on the left immediately lowered his head and fell silent.
Percival observed their exchange, and his heart felt heavy with unease.
Jovian’s death was obviously linked to Warrick, so why was he rewarded instead? What the hell was going on?
With a troubled mind, Percival followed the guards to the meeting room.
Austin sat at the center with an indifferent expression. Every movement carried an undeniable air of authority.
“Your Highness… I’m honored to stand before you today,” Percival greeted respectfully as he entered.
“Mr. Wentworth, do you know why you’re here?” Austin asked coolly.
“I don’t, Your Highness. Please enlighten me.” Percival lowered his head slightly, an uneasy feeling creeping over him.
“You truly don’t know? Or are you just playing dumb?” Austin’s expression was stone-cold.
“I-”
Percival was about to speak when a loud crash suddenly echoed through the room.
A teacup shattered at his feet, and porcelain pieces along with tea splashed across his legs. He jolted in shock and looked up-only to meet Austin’s icy, murderous gaze.
“Mr. Wentworth!” Austin barked. “You better tell me the truth. If you lie, don’t expect me to show mercy.”
Percival broke into a cold sweat, and he said nervously, “Your Highness, please calm your anger. I’m old, and my memory isn’t what it used to be. If I’ve offended you in any way, I beg your forgiveness.”
“Enough of your excuses!”
Austin stormed forward and glared down at Percival. He said coldly, “Someone came forward with a signed statement and accused you of killing Jovian and getting rid of the body. How dare you lay a hand on my guest? Do you have a death wish?”
At those words, Percival’s face went pale with fear. He dropped to his knees with a loud thud.
“Your Highness, I’m innocent. This is a false accusation.” Percival had a sorrowful expression on his face as he repeatedly cried out in protest.
“In my decades of service, I may have accepted bribes, but I’ve never killed anyone. Someone must be framing me. Please look into this, Your Highness.”
He repeatedly prostrated, his head banging against the ground. Each impact echoed loudly, and his forehead began to bleed, blood trickling down his face.
###Chapter 2471
At that moment, Percival truly panicked. Earlier, he had only worried about being implicated. But now, faced with such a serious accusation, he was completely caught off guard.
“Hmph! The evidence is irrefutable, and you still dare deny it? Do you want me to torture the truth out of you?” Austin barked.
“Your Highness, I’m innocent!” Percival was so terrified he was on the verge of tears.
He raised his hand and swore, “If I had anything to do with Jovian’s death, may I be damned for eternity.”
“If swearing oaths proved innocence, we wouldn’t need an enforcement team,” Austin said coldly. “Out of respect for your years of service to West Lucozia, I’ll give you a chance to come clean and receive a lighter sentence. Tell the truth now, or I’ll throw you into Grimhold Keep.”
At the mention of Grimhold Keep, Percival began to shake uncontrollably. Tears and snot ran down his face as he wailed, “Your Highness, I swear I didn’t do anything. Who’s the bastard making up these accusations? I demand to confront him face -to-face.”
“Oh? You want to know who reported you? Are you planning to silence him?” Austin narrowed his eyes as he glared at him.
“I wouldn’t dare, Your Highness. I’ve been framed. You’re too wise to be fooled by these baseless accusations,” Percival pleaded.
“The informant is highly respected and holds a position of great honor. I have no reason to doubt his words,” Austin replied.
Upon hearing that, Percival seemed to connect the dots. He suddenly raised his head and asked, “Was it Warrick Prescott who accused me? That scoundrel is setting me up, isn’t he?”
“Mr. Prescott is an honorable man. He wouldn’t accuse you without solid evidence,” Austin said.
“So, it is him. That scoundrel set me up.” Percival’s face twisted with anger and despair.
He had already felt suspicious when he saw Warrick chatting and laughing with Axel from the enforcement team. His doubts deepened when he overheard a royal guard mention that Austin was hosting a banquet for Warrick.
At first, he didn’t think much of it, but now it all made sense. Warrick was shifting the blame for Jovian’s death onto him.
“That scoundrel!” he cursed in his head. ” If he’s playing dirty, I won’t hold back either.”
Percival gritted his teeth. Throwing caution to the wind, he decided to reveal everything.
“Your Highness, I know exactly how Jovian died. Warrick is lying. He and Huxley are the real murderers. They conspired to extract secrets from Jovian, and that’s why they killed him. If anyone deserves punishment, it’s those two scoundrels.”
Austin raised an eyebrow, looking skeptical. “You’re not just trying to shift the blame onto them, are you?”
“I swear on my life that every word I just said is true. If I’m lying, I’m willing to be executed,” Percival declared with conviction.
“Mr. Prescott accused you of murder, and now you’re accusing him. So, who am I supposed to believe?” Austin looked conflicted.
“If Your Highness doubts me, then summon that scoundrel here. I’m ready to confront him and clear my name,” Percival insisted with unwavering determination.
“And what would that accomplish? You’ll both just keep pointing fingers at each other, and the argument will never cease.
What we need is evidence,” Austin said sternly.
He continued, “You’re accusing Mr. Prescott and Mr. Thatcher of murdering Jovian. Do you have proof? Or at least a witness?”
“Evidence?”
Percival paused to gather his thoughts. After a while, his eyes lit up, and he quickly said, “I know the locations of their secret hideouts and several of their covert connections. If you investigate them, you’ll find the evidence you need.”
“What if we find nothing?” Austin raised an eyebrow.
“Then, I’ll accept whatever punishment you deem fit.”
Percival was going all in now. Since Warrick and Huxley had betrayed him, he had no intention of showing mercy. If it came down to it, he was ready to go down fighting and burn every bridge behind him.
“Axel, take Mr. Wentworth and investigate immediately. Report back as soon as you have news,” Austin ordered, gesturing to the man standing nearby.
“Yes, Your Highness,” Axel responded before leading Percival away.
The enforcement team’s earlier investigation had been going in circles. With corrupt officials covering for one another, finding a lead in such a short time had been nearly impossible.
But with Percival as an informant, everything changed. Dead ends turned into clues, and hidden connections were dragged into the light.
Percival held nothing back. He exposed Warrick and Huxley’s shady dealings, personal vices, and weaknesses. It was either their downfall or his.
With Percival’s full cooperation, the palace enforcement team launched a citywide crackdown, rounding up suspects one after another.
Warrick and Huxley’s corrupt dealings and illicit operations were exposed, and even the crimes they had buried for years finally came to light.
###Chapter 2472
Night had fallen. Austin sat in the meeting room, quietly reading a book as he waited for the results of the investigation.
After successfully turning Percival against his allies, it was only a matter of time before they uncovered solid evidence of Warrick and Huxley’s crimes.
For years, the castle had turned a blind eye to their shady dealings. After all, corruption among officials was nothing new.
But this time was different. The two had secretly orchestrated Jovian’s murder, a direct challenge to the authority and dignity of the royal family. Such defiance couldn’t be ignored. If Austin didn’t set an example, others would surely follow.
“Your Highness!”
Axel burst into the meeting room, panting heavily. He had clearly run the whole way to avoid any delay.
Austin set his book aside and asked calmly, “Well? How did it go?”
“Your Highness, we’ve completely shut down all of Warrick and Huxley’s illicit operations. Every hidden network they had built over the years has also been dismantled,” Axel reported.
He went on, “We’ve also gathered extensive evidence of their crimes. Every offense is documented in detail. Please take a look, Your Highness.”
He handed over a thick stack of documents with both hands.
Austin took it and started flipping through the pages. After reading just two, his expression darkened.
He had anticipated Warrick and Huxley to be corrupt, but seeing the full extent of their atrocities made his blood boil. They had abused their power, committing murder, theft, and countless other crimes.
Over the years, they had been responsible for hundreds of deaths, and that was only what had been uncovered. There were likely even more that had gone unrecorded. Worse, their families were just as guilty, using their influence to oppress and exploit innocent people.
Austin was stunned to discover how much corruption had been festering beneath the grandeur of the West Lucozia monarchy.
“Those two bastards…. Their crimes are unforgivable-no punishment could ever be enough for their vile deeds.”
Halfway through the documents, Austin angrily threw them to the floor. His face darkened with rage.
Apart from Jovian’s murder, the crimes listed were more than enough to warrant Warrick and Huxley’s execution.
“Your Highness, just give the order, and I’ll lead the enforcement team to raid their estates immediately,” Axel said indignantly.
Anyone with a shred of decency would have been outraged after reading that file.
“They will face justice, but first, I need to get some answers out of them,” Austin said, struggling to contain his anger. His expression grew even darker. “Bring Huxley to me.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” Axel replied and left the room.
Not long after, he returned with Huxley in tow.
After being confined in the castle all day, Huxley was clearly restless. His irritation showed, and his attitude toward Austin was noticeably less respectful than before.
“Your Highness, I have pressing matters at home to attend to. When will I be allowed to leave?” he asked.
“Leave?” Austin scoffed coldly. “You won’t be going anywhere tonight.”
“What do you mean by that?” Huxley frowned. “I’ve always followed the law and never crossed you. Why are you targeting me?”
“The law? You’ve got some nerve saying that with a straight face,” Austin said sarcastically.
“I know you’re biased against me, Your Highness, but I’m not holding it against you. Accusations need evidence. If you have proof, show me. Otherwise, let me go and quit abusing your power.” Huxley spoke with conviction.
“You want evidence? Well, I’ve been waiting for you to say that!”
Austin grabbed the stack of documents on the table and flung them at Huxley’s face. The impact sent him staggering back, and blood trickled from his nose.
“You-”
Huxley winced in pain and was about to lash out, but as he glanced down, his whole body stiffened. He felt as if he had been struck by lightning.
Scattered across the floor were documents exposing crimes that had long been buried -letters from victims’ families, records of illegal transactions, and even photos of assault and pillaging.
Each crime was laid out in stark detail. And in those photos, the man committing them was undeniably him.
“H-How is this possible?” Huxley’s eyes widened in disbelief.
After every crime, he had made sure his subordinates cleaned up the scene to prevent future problems. Most victims could be bought off. Those who weren’t so easy to handle were either threatened or bribed.
If Huxley ever ran into someone who wasn’t afraid to die, he’d dump them into the sea to feed the fish, so their bodies. could never be found.
For years, he had operated without leaving a trace. So, how had all of this come to light now?
What had gone wrong?
###Chapter 2473
“You bastard! With all this evidence in front of you, what do you have to say for yourself?” Austin barked.
“Your Highness, please let me explain…” Huxley broke out in a cold sweat, his voice trembling with panic.
“This is a lie. Someone’s trying to frame me! I’ve always followed the law-how could I possibly be involved in something so vile?”
“The evidence is right in front of you, and you’re still trying to weasel out of it?” Austin shot back. “Looks like you won’t confess until death is knocking at your door.”
He raised his hand and ordered, “Guards, throw him into Grimhold Keep. Use whatever means necessary-let’s see how long he keeps up this act.”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
A squad of enforcement team members rushed in and surrounded Huxley.
Cornered, Huxley finally lost his nerve. He dropped to his knees with a thud and begged, “Your Highness, I admit I made a grave mistake.”
His voice cracked as he continued, “I wasn’t thinking clearly at the time. Please, for the sake of my years of service to West Lucozia, show me some mercy! From now on, I will serve you with my full loyalty.”
He lowered his head in a deep bow as he finished.
Huxley had no idea where the evidence had come from, but one thing was certain-if Austin pursued this to the end, it could mean the annihilation of his entire family.
At that moment, pride and dignity meant nothing-only survival mattered. As long as he could keep his wealth and status, he would do anything-even become Austin’s lapdog.
“You were so defiant earlier. Where’d all that bravado go?” Austin sneered.
“I was a fool. I thought I could deceive you, but you saw right through me. I see now I never could’ve fooled you. I was wrong, and I won’t do it again.”
Huxley kept his head low and didn’t dare to breathe too loudly. His fate was in Austin’s hands now. All he could do was hope for mercy and pray that Austin might spare him. He’d give up everything if it meant keeping his life.
Defiance was no longer an option. The enforcement team surrounding him were elite fighters-the best he’d ever encountered. He stood no chance against them.
Even if he escaped the castle, what then? He could run, but there’d be nowhere to hide. And what about his family?
“You don’t regret your actions. You just know you’re about to die, don’t you?” Austin’s voice was ice cold. “Your crimes are beyond forgiveness. If I let you go, how
could I expect anyone else to follow the
law?”
Huxley’s face turned ashen, like all the colors had been drained out of him. Still, he clung to a sliver of hope.
“Your Highness, I’ve served West Lucozia for years. I may not have accomplished great deeds, but I’ve worked hard. Even if I’ve made mistakes, I don’t deserve to be executed. Please… have mercy.”
“Fuck you!” Austin snapped and kicked him to the floor. “You’ve burned, killed, and looted without a second thought-and you call that a ‘mistake’? You’re lucky I haven’t flayed you alive.”
The more he thought about it, the angrier he became. He raised his hand and ordered, “Drag him out and give him 50 lashes. If he’s still alive, bring him back for further questioning.”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
Axel pulled out the Dragon Rope and bound Huxley tightly before dragging him out. The rope sealed his cultivation, and he couldn’t even use his true energy.
Axel then threw him down and lashed him with the punishment rod. He put all his strength into every blow, showing no mercy.
By the time the final strike landed, Huxley’s back and thighs were a mangled mess of torn flesh and blood. He blacked out at one point, but Axel doused him with cold water to wake him up.
Afterward, Axel dragged him back into the meeting room.
Huxley was so battered he couldn’t even beg for mercy. His head hung low, and he looked barely alive.
“I’ll ask you one question at a time. Answer truthfully, and I’ll grant you a quick death. Lie, and you’ll experience every one of Grimhold Keep’s 108 tortures. Understood?
“Austin shouted condescendingly.
“Yes… I understand,” Huxley rasped weakly.
“Is Jovian still alive?” Austin demanded.
“H-he’s dead…” Huxley didn’t dare to hide the truth.
“Where’s the body? Who killed him?”
“Mr. Prescott sent assassins to ambush him. Jovian refused to be captured and took his own life.” Huxley hesitated before adding, “As for his body… Mr. Prescott already had it incinerated.”
Austin frowned. He had expected as much, but hearing there were no remains only fueled his fury.
“Take him away and have him sign his confession,” he ordered.
Two guards immediately stepped forward and hauled Huxley to his feet.
“Your Highness… I deserve to be executed for my crimes, but my family is innocent. Please have mercy on them…” Huxley pleaded, looking utterly miserable. He knew his fate was sealed and could only hope his loved ones wouldn’t be dragged down with him.
“You’ve spent years embezzling and abusing your power,” Austin said coldly. ” Your family has benefited just as much-they’re far from innocent.”
He had no patience for further discussion. With a wave of his hand, he ordered, “Take him away. Lock him up and keep him under close watch. At noon tomorrow, execute him in public.”
###Chapter 2474
The ashen-faced Huxley was dragged away. With his crimes exposed, his fate was sealed. His entire family would be implicated, and their assets would be seized.
Those guilty would be punished, and even those who had merely benefited from his corruption would be held accountable. To put it bluntly, Huxley’s entire family was about to be annihilated.
Austin issued his next order once the bloodstains were cleaned up. “Axel, it’s time to bring in the mastermind.”
With Huxley dealt with, the next step was to confront Warrick.
Unlike Huxley, Warrick wouldn’t be easy to deal with. After all, he commanded a large number of troops. If backed into a corner, he could become a major threat.
“Understood!” Axel responded respectfully, then turned to his subordinates, “Gather more men and come with me.”
Warrick had earned his prestigious position through years of fierce battles. On the battlefield, he was a one-man army, a warrior capable of taking on thousands. His strength was beyond what most could imagine.
Even though Axel was a grandmaster martial artist, he had no confidence in facing someone like Warrick alone.
After all, an aging tiger still had its claws. Warrick hadn’t seen the battlefield in years, but he remained a formidable force.
If it came down to a fight, the outcome was uncertain. To be safe, Axel knew he needed backup. Once his team was ready, he swiftly led them toward the parlor.
Earlier, to keep Warrick occupied, Austin had invited him to dinner. Now, at the parlor, Warrick had no idea that danger was closing in.
“Surround the place!”
As they approached the parlor, Axel ordered his elite enforcement team to seal off every entrance and exit. He strode forward with four elite guards at his side and pushed open the door.
Inside, Warrick was leisurely sipping tea.
He appeared calm and indifferent, as if Axel’s presence meant nothing to him.
“Sir Prescott, Lord Austin requests your presence.”
Axel’s gaze locked onto Warrick. His right hand rested on his sword hilt, every muscle tense with caution.
Behind him, his four elite guards mirrored his stance. If Warrick made any sudden moves, they wouldn’t hesitate to draw their swords.
“His Highness keeps summoning me back and forth. What exactly does he want this time?”
As Warrick stood, an invisible pressure filled the room. Everyone felt like a boulder had been placed on their shoulders, their breaths growing heavy.
“I’m just following orders, not asking questions. If you have something to say, speak directly to His Highness,” Axel replied flatly.
“Fine. I’ll go with you, but I hope we can settle this once and for all.” Warrick cracked his neck before walking out the door.
Axel signaled to his men, and they split into two teams-one moving left and the other right. They quickly surrounded Warrick and followed closely behind.
Five minutes later, Warrick was back in the meeting room.
This time, however, the room was heavily guarded. Dozens of elite enforcement team members stood watch inside and out, and more hid in the shadows, waiting for the signal to strike.
Warrick scanned the room, taking in the heightened security. He chuckled softly but said nothing. He calmly walked inside and stepped right into the enforcement team’s trap.
“Your Highness, from the looks of this setup, it seems you don’t plan on letting me sleep tonight?”
Upon seeing Austin, Warrick skipped any pleasantries. He sat down and spoke plainly. His calm demeanor made it seem like he was a mere guest.
“Huxley has confessed. He claims you were responsible for Jovian’s death. What do you have to say for yourself?” Austin asked coldly.
“What difference does it make if he confesses or not?” Warrick picked up his teacup and took a slow sip.
“Your Highness, I don’t understand. Why would someone from the Ballard family in Oakvale-a nobody-be worth all this trouble?” he asked. “Is it worth turning against us, the men who have served you for years? Let me ask you-are you from West Lucozia or Oakvale?”
“Who Jovian was doesn’t matter. His background doesn’t matter. What matters is that he was a guest of my family. By harming him, you’ve insulted and disrespected the royal court. Do you think I’ll let that slide?” Austin’s voice was ice-cold.
“If this is just about making things right, I’ll admit I was wrong. I can write a letter of repentance and even relinquish my military command. Would that be enough? “Warrick asked.
“If you’d admitted your guilt the first time I asked, I might have pleaded for leniency on your behalf. But now it’s too late.”
Austin grabbed the evidence from the table and threw it at Warrick’s feet.
His voice turned even colder. “Your crimes aren’t limited to one or two offenses. The lives you’ve destroyed aren’t just one or two. If I let you go, how will I explain myself to my father? To the people of West Lucozia? No matter what, you must be executed.”
###Chapter 2475
Austin’s words were strong and commanding, each one landing like a thunderclap.
Warrick felt the weight of his presence. His brow furrowed for a moment, but he quickly regained his composure.
He glanced at the so-called evidence on the floor, showing no sign of panic or guilt. Instead, he said indifferently, “Your Highness, these dead men were nothing more than ants. Is this really worth making such a fuss over? I doubt you haven’t killed anyone before.”
As the old saying went, the higher one climbed, the heavier one’s purse. Warrick had clawed his way up, risking his life at every step for the sake of rising above the masses.
Everyone had their own desires-some sought fame, others fortune. Some were greedy for money, some for power, and others reveled in the adoration of the masses.
To achieve those things, one inevitably had to engage in shady dealings. It was an unspoken rule among officials, and Warrick saw nothing wrong with it.
“Ants?” Austin sneered. “Without these ‘ ants’ to support you, would you be living so comfortably? You threw your weight around like a petty despot. If you’re not stopped, others will follow your example.
And let me make one thing clear-while I
may have been idle in the past, I’ve never
taken innocent lives.”
“Your Highness, just because you haven’t done it doesn’t mean others can’t,”
Warrick replied coolly.
He went on, “Look around West Lucozia. How many officials do you think are truly clean? If you investigate thoroughly, I guarantee at least 90% of high-ranking officials have dirt on their hands. By your logic, shouldn’t they all be executed? Do you really think you can kill them all?”
“First, not all officials are like you. Second, if they are as you say, then I’ll punish every single one. Does that answer satisfy you?” Austin shot back.
“So, it seems there’s no room for negotiation today?” Warrick’s eyes narrowed slightly, and a glint of cold light flashed within them.
He had served as a general in West Lucozia for years and had always been careful. Plus, he had already prepared an escape plan. If things truly reached a dead end, he could leave West Lucozia behind and continue living freely elsewhere.
“Negotiation?” Austin scoffed. “I didn’t call you here to negotiate. I called you here to confess.”
“Confess?” Warrick burst into laughter. ” I’ve fought on the battlefield for years, winning every fight and crushing every enemy in my path. Do you know how many have died under my command? Tens of thousands. And now you want me to confess to killing a few lowly commoners? What a joke.”
When his laughter died down, Warrick sprang to his feet with a fierce look on his face.
“Listen here, Austin Rhys! When I was out conquering lands for West Lucozia, you weren’t even born. You’re just a spoiled brat who grew up with a silver spoon in his mouth. What gives you the right to lecture me? If your father were here, maybe I’d listen.”
With the facade of civility shattered, Warrick no longer held back. To him, this arrogant young noble had no authority to judge him.
When Warrick was in a good mood, he might address him as “Your Highness”. But when he wasn’t, he wouldn’t hesitate to throw a punch. With Rufus’ health declining, Warrick felt he had little to fear.
“What? Are you planning to rebel?” Austin asked coldly.
“So what if I am?”
Warrick stomped down, and the floor cracked a foot deep beneath him. The entire meeting room trembled as a powerful force surged through the air.
A suffocating force crashed over the room. The temperature dropped sharply, and everything seemed to freeze in place.
Axel and his elite enforcement team drew their blades. The hidden troops stationed nearby noticed the commotion and rushed in without hesitation.
Half of them surrounded Warrick, while the other half formed a protective barrier in front of Austin.
“Punk! Do you think you can stop me with these guards? What a joke!” Warrick scanned the room with disdain. “Back in my prime, I rode into battle alone and carved through enemy lines seven, even eight times over. What makes you think I’d fear a few hundred men?”
Austin remained calm. “I know how strong you are. That’s why I laced your tea with Tranqurin-colorless, tasteless, and impossible to detect.
“If you don’t try to use your strength, you might not notice anything. But the moment you do, the drug will kick in. In the time it takes to finish a cup of tea, your limbs will go weak, and you won’t be able to fight back.”
“Tranqurin?”
Warrick’s face darkened. “You sneaky bastard! You actually drugged me? And here I thought you were Prince Rufus’ son and had some semblance of honor.”
“Desperate times call for desperate measures. Besides, I never claimed to be a saint. What use do I have for honor?” Austin stated matter-of-factly.
“You little-”
Warrick was furious and moved to strike, but his body suddenly felt impossibly heavy, as if weighed down by lead. The internal energy in his circulatory pathways thickened like mercury, slowing to a crawl and refusing to gather.
Tranqurin was a rare poison designed specifically to incapacitate a grandmaster martial artist. It wasn’t lethal, but within moments, it could strip a person of all mobility.
“Seize him!”
Spotting the perfect opening, Axel gave the order and charged forward with his men.
###Chapter 2476
If Warrick had been at his peak, Axel might have been more cautious.
But with Tranqurin coursing through his vein, Warrick had barely a fraction of his usual strength left. His power was still fading, and Axel wasn’t about to waste the opportunity. He had to capture Warrick while he had the chance.
“Get the hell out of my way!”
As the enforcers closed in, Warrick let out a furious roar and slammed his massive fist into the floor.
With a loud explosion, the earth shook violently. The ground within dozens of yards cracked and caved in, splitting apart like a spiderweb. A powerful shockwave tore through the air, sending dirt flying and walls shattering. The entire meeting room collapsed into ruins.
The elite enforcers, caught in the blast, were flung backward like ragdolls. They crashed to the ground, disoriented and battered. Even Axel was thrown back more than ten yards.
Warrick panted heavily, his face pale and drenched in sweat. Forcing his internal energy into action had only accelerated the Tranqurin’s effects. He knew that if this dragged on, he wouldn’t survive the night.
“Austin! One day, I swear, you’ll pay for this.”
With a final furious shout, he pushed off the ground and shot 30 feet into the air. He vaulted over the courtyard wall in a single leap.
“After him!”
Axel didn’t hesitate. He made a snap decision and led his elite enforcement squad in pursuit.
At the same time, the emergency horn blared.
The West Lucozian castle instantly went into lockdown. Every entrance and exit was sealed as royal guards were mobilized to form a tightening net around the fleeing Warrick.
Austin stood still, gazing into the distance with an unreadable expression. Whether he was pleased, angry, or indifferent, no one could tell.
Warrick had been drugged and was now trapped inside the castle. If he still managed to escape, it would mean fate was on his side.
Under the dark night sky, Warrick sprinted like a streak of lightning. He had blocked several of his own vital pressure points to slow the drug, but it was only a stopgap he knew it wouldn’t last.
At most, he had half an hour before his strength completely gave out, leaving him an easy target. His only chance was to break out of the castle and reach his safe house before time ran out.
“Stop him! Don’t let him escape!”
Shouts echoed from all directions as royal guards closed in.
Every path and exit had been sealed. There was nowhere left to run.
“Damn it!”
Warrick skidded to a stop and scanned his surroundings for an escape route.
The West Lucozian castle was enormous. He had been here countless times, but he always followed the same familiar paths. Now, with enemies closing in from all sides, he had lost his bearings. Panic crept in as he realized he had no idea where he was.
With royal guards advancing from every direction, Warrick had no time to think. If the guards caught up to him, the situation would only get worse.
“Screw it! I’ll take my chances.”
He glanced around, picked a direction on instinct, and took off. Fighting wasn’t his goal-escaping was.
Even when guards closed in, he didn’t slow down. With the brute strength of a warrior halfway to becoming an ultimate grandmaster, he smashed through them like a battering ram.
Ordinary guards had no chance of stopping him. Even in his weakened state, his strength was still beyond anything they could handle.
They couldn’t stop him, but they could slow him down. And even a delay of just a second or two was enough for more guards to converge.
“Deploy the Dragon-Binding Net!” Axel commanded as he led an elite squad to surround Warrick. With precise coordination, 20 men cast a golden net and trapped Warrick.
The net was woven from Dragon Ropes, and each strand was worth a fortune. It was designed specifically to subdue grandmaster martial artists and above.
Once trapped under the Dragon-Binding Net, any grandmaster martial artist would find their cultivation suppressed. The ropes were nearly indestructible, resistant to blades, and impervious to fire and water. Even the most powerful grandmaster martial artist couldn’t break free.
Warrick let out a furious roar as he struggled against the net. He tried to tear the ropes apart but found they held firm. The harder he struggled, the tighter the net constricted around him.
“Hold him down! Don’t let him get up!”
Feeling the immense force within the net, Axel’s face hardened. He quickly signaled his men to pull the ropes tighter and press down with everything they had.
“You cowards! Get the hell off me!”
Warrick bellowed and grabbed the net. He flung it violently to the side.
The ten men on the left flank were thrown backward, crashing to the ground one after another.
Axel’s eyes widened in shock. Even weakened by the Tranqurin, Warrick’s strength was terrifying. If this was what he could do in his current state, how unstoppable would he be at his peak?
###Chapter 2477
Axel had no time to hesitate. He lunged forward and grabbed the overturned Dragon-Binding Net. Then, he used every ounce of his strength to pin Warrick down again.
“Get over here! We have to keep him restrained.”
As the net strained under Warrick’s sheer power, Axel let out a roar and pushed his cultivation to the limit. His veins bulged and blood pounded in his ears. He threw every last bit of strength into holding Warrick down.
For now, he managed to pin Warrick down, but the elite enforcement unit on the other side wasn’t faring well.
Warrick thrashed wildly, sending more than a dozen men swinging through the air. Some slammed into trees, while others crashed into walls. Within moments, the Dragon-Binding Net flipped over again.
Several elite enforcement units tried to rush in and help, but they barely got close before getting hit by their own airborne comrades and sent flying.
Against Warrick’s Divine Strength, they were utterly outmatched. The regular guards didn’t stand a chance.
Axel was the only one on the field who could match Warrick in raw power, but no matter how hard he fought, he couldn’t control the Dragon-Binding Net alone.
The moment Warrick overturned it a second time, he seized the opening and slipped free. He didn’t dare pause for even a second. Turning on his heel, he bolted at full speed.
Now wasn’t the time for a drawn-out fight. He could feel his strength draining fast.
“After him! Don’t let him escape!”
Unwilling to accept defeat, Axel tossed the Dragon-Binding Net aside and charged forward with his blade. If Warrick still managed to escape in this situation, then he had no right to call himself the captain of the enforcement team.
The pursuit continued.
Warrick sprinted ahead while Axel chased him down, and hundreds of elite enforcers followed close behind.
Smashing through obstacles, Warrick crashed through over a dozen walls before finally spotting an exit.
The castle’s back gate was less than 100 yards away. At his speed, he could reach it in just a few seconds.
“Haha! Looks like luck’s on my side.”
Hope flared in Warrick’s chest, and he pushed forward at full speed.
But just as he vaulted over the outer wall, a storm of arrows whistled through the night air. They poured down in a relentless barrage and grew so dense they nearly blotted out the sky.
The castle had been on lockdown for some time, and hundreds of soldiers were stationed beyond the walls. Anyone who tried to scale the walls would be shot on sight without hesitation.
An ordinary grandmaster martial artist, especially after being poisoned with Tranqurin, would have been riddled with arrows-skewered from all sides. From afar, they would look like a porcupine.
But Warrick was different. He was halfway to becoming an ultimate grandmaster, and he had been born with Divine Strength and a body as tough as iron.
When the arrows came down, he didn’t bother using his internal energy for protection. Instead, he raised his arms to shield his face and charged straight through the hail of arrows.
“Stop him!”
Seeing that their arrows had failed, the soldiers outside the wall rushed forward with swords and shields. They quickly formed a human barricade to block his escape.
They weren’t ordered to kill Warrick, only to stall him long enough for the enforcement team members to finish the job.
“Out of my way!” Warrick bellowed, his voice like a thunderclap.
The front-line soldiers staggered and were disoriented by the sheer force of his roar. Before they could recover, he slammed into them like a raging bull.
A series of explosive crashes rang out as the soldiers blocking his path were sent flying. Their armor shattered on impact, and they tumbled through the air like a rag doll before slamming hard into the ground, dazed and disoriented.
The ones who took the brunt of the charge weren’t as lucky. Their bones snapped on impact, and they died instantly.
Even with his strength greatly diminished, Warrick was still an unstoppable force.
“Move! Get the hell out of my way!”
He bulldozed through the blockade, tossing aside more than a hundred men before finally breaking free.
Just as he was about to escape, a squad of black-armored elites led by Axel appeared at the end of the alley.
“You treacherous dog! There’s no escape.” His voice was cold as steel as he unsheathed his blade. “Surrender now, or die where you stand!”
Behind him, a hundred elite enforcement units stood ready. Half were armed with swords and shields, while the other half with the Dragon-Binding Net.
“You pesky flies! I’m taking you all down with me.”
Warrick burned with fury. With no way out, he forced his energy into motion and prepared to fight to the death. A man like him would never surrender. If he had to go down, he’d make sure to take them with him.
“Hurry! Protect Sir Prescott!”
Just as Warrick braced for his last stand, soldiers suddenly poured in from both ends of the alley. Clad in crimson armor, they moved with an imposing presence.
It was Warrick’s Red Legion.
Warrick’s face lit up with relief. A moment ago, he had been certain he was done for. But in a sudden twist of fate, his personal guard had arrived just in time.
Luck was on his side.
“Connor! Dave! Kill everyone!”
Seeing the tide turn, Warrick’s bloodlust surged. Just moments ago, he had been like a rat scrambling for his life; he had never been so humiliated.
Now, he had the advantage, and it was time for payback.
###Chapter 2478
“Kill them all!”
At Warrick’s command, the Red Legion charged without hesitation. Blades flashed as they stormed toward the elite enforcement unit.
This time, nearly a thousand Red Legion soldiers arrived. With their sheer numbers, they launched a pincer attack from both flanks, leaving the enemy with no way to fend it off.
“Form the Shield Formation!” Axel shouted upon seeing the dire situation.
His men immediately sheathed their blades and raised their shields to form a defensive line. Their pursuit had cut them off from the main force. Since they were up against an enemy ten times their size, forming a defensive line was their best option.
If they could stall for even a moment, reinforcements from the castle would arrive, and the tide would turn in their favor. Once that happened, the thousand-strong Red Legion would be the ones on the defensive.
After a brief charge, the two forces collided.
Warrick had personally trained the Red Legion. He selected only the most loyal and battle-hardened soldiers. They weren’t only disciplined but also highly skilled, with each one capable of taking on a hundred enemies.
They might not match the elite enforcement unit in one-on-one combat. However, when charging in formation, they had a crushing advantage. With sheer numbers on their side, they pressed forward relentlessly, leaving the elite enforcement unit struggling to fight back.
If not for Axel’s sheer strength and ability to hold the line, the formation would have been broken through long ago.
“Connor! Dave! How dare you attack the enforcement team? Are you trying to start a rebellion?” Axel roared.
Attacking the enforcement team meant going against the entire kingdom. Doing so would lead to immediate exile from West Lucozia.
“If you dare to assassinate Sir Prescott, then why should we care if we’re starting a rebellion?” Connor Brent stood his ground.
“That’s right. Today, we’re rebelling!”
Dave Zanet added, just as defiant.
Everything they had-their wealth, their status-was given by Warrick. Attacking the enforcement team was nothing. If Warrick told them to take their own lives, they’d do it without hesitation.
“You fools have no idea what you’re up against. Let’s see if you can make it out of Celestria alive.”
As Axel spoke, he pulled out a flare and fired it into the sky. A sharp blast echoed through the air.
The red flare shot into the sky and exploded with a thunderous blast at an altitude of 330 feet. Thick crimson smoke spread across the sky and lingered for what felt like an eternity.
This was the signal for a citywide lockdown. All official troops were required to mobilize immediately, and civilians were to return home and lock their doors. The launch of the lockdown signal flare heralded an earth-shattering crisis.
Axel had been after Warrick as part of a routine arrest but hadn’t planned on making a scene. However, the Red Legion’s resistance had escalated the situation into an outright rebellion.
This matter wouldn’t end with just a few lives. By the end of the night, the entire Red Legion and Warrick’s stronghold would be caught in the bloodshed.
“Sir Prescott! Things are looking bad. We should fall back.”
Connor and Dave’s faces darkened at the sight of the red flare.
The Red Legion was formidable, but they were no match for the law. The castle’s elite forces alone were already more than they could handle-let alone the entire city mobilizing against them. If they were surrounded, there would be no way out.
Only death awaited them.
“Leave a squad behind to hold them off. The rest, fall back with me.”
Warrick made a snap decision and led most of his forces into retreat. If it weren’t for the Tranqurin in his system, he would lead the Red Legion to counterattack. But for now, survival was the priority.
“Do you think you can run? Not that easy!” Axel sneered.
With a leap, he vaulted onto the rooftops. He had no time to worry about the enforcement team still locked in battle with the Red Legion. Instead, he sprinted across the roof, determined to catch up with his target.
No matter what, he couldn’t let Warrick escape. He had to report back to Austin, and failure wasn’t an option.
“Sir Prescott! Someone’s on our tail.”
Connor quickly noticed something off. He turned to look and saw a figure chasing them on the rooftops, about a hundred yards behind.
“Send a squad to take him down,” Warrick ordered. His voice was rougher than before.
A wave of dizziness hit him as his strength ebbed away. His breaths came quicker, shallower. He had to reach the hideout-only the valuable herb he’d safeguarded for years could counteract most of the Tranqurin’s effects.
“You two, lead a team and hold them off!” Connor ordered.
Two lieutenants spun on their heels with a squad of soldiers. They drew their blades as they charged at Axel.
Meanwhile, Connor and Dave stayed close to Warrick. They could tell he was in bad shape. If an expert launched a sneak attack, things could turn ugly fast without them guarding him.
“Attack!”
The sound of battle cries rang out from behind them.
The two lieutenants had led dozens of soldiers to intercept Axel. But the difference in strength was too great. Axel struck down both lieutenants in a single strike before they could close the distance.
The dozens of Red Legion soldiers barely put up a fight. Without a proper formation, they scattered the moment they engaged since they were no match for him.
After breaking through the interception, Axel didn’t waste time with a fight. Instead, he kept pursuing the rest of the Red Legion.
He didn’t need to take on their main force. He only had to stay close, keeping a safe distance and occasionally firing a flare.
When the reinforcements from the castle arrived, that would be the moment to spring the trap.
###Chapter 2479
“This punk’s a real pain in the ass!”
Connor glanced over his shoulder and noticed Axel was still hot on their trail.
The squad he had sent to intercept Axel was completely outmaneuvered, and they couldn’t get anywhere near him.
To Connor’s dismay, Axel kept shooting off signal flares as he pursued them. Each flare gave away their position. At this rate, it didn’t matter which direction they ran-they were bound to be intercepted.
“Connor! Dave! Make a move and swat that damn fly,” Warrick ordered decisively.
“If we leave, who’s going to protect you?” Connor hesitated.
Warrick was in bad shape. Without them guarding him, a single attack from an expert could be fatal.
“If you don’t take out that fly, I’ll be in even more danger. Get moving now!” Warrick snapped.
“Yes, sir!”
Connor and Dave exchanged a glance before splitting up with their squads to surround Axel.
They both knew what was at stake. If they didn’t take Axel down quickly, their entire force would be stranded and doomed to be hunted down.
While Connor and Dave were stalling for time, Warrick issued another order. “Red Legion, split up! Form ten squads and retreat through different routes. We’ll regroup outside the city.”
“Yes, sir!”
Hundreds of Red Legion soldiers responded in unison before scattering in different directions.
Warrick took only five soldiers with him and slipped into a hidden alleyway.
Despite being in a rough shape, his mind was razor-sharp. He knew that if they all fled together, they’d be easily surrounded and wiped out by the royal guards. In the end, none would be spared. In this situation, their only hope for survival was to scatter and split into smaller groups.
Simply put, he needed most of the Red Legion to act as a diversion and draw the royal guards’ attention away from him. Otherwise, his chances of escape were nearly nonexistent.
Because of the red flare, the city’s troops were fully mobilized. Every exit and major road was sealed off, and no vehicles or personnel were allowed to leave.
Squads of heavily armed soldiers began combing the streets.
The scattered Red Legion squads barely had time to flee before they were intercepted.
The orders to all armed forces were clear-engage the Red Legion with full force. If they refused to surrender after a warning, they were to be executed on the spot.
Under these strict orders, skirmishes erupted across the streets and alleys, each ending in bloodshed. One squad after another was gradually wiped out.
Although the Red Legion was Warrick’s elite force, they couldn’t hold up against the entire city’s troops. Outnumbered on all sides, they were doomed to collapse.
Warrick and his men darted from one hiding spot to another, avoiding patrols as if they were prey on the run. Each time they spotted a patrol unit, they quickly ducked out of sight. Their nerves stretched thin with every close call.
Warrick’s sharp instincts let him sense danger and dodge detection, but the net was closing in fast.
He had planned to reach his hideout before the citywide lockdown. Unfortunately, the main routes to his hideout were already blocked by the royal guards. Taking a detour meant they’d run out of time, and there was no guarantee those paths weren’t blocked too.
As more patrol units filled the streets, Warrick’s soldiers started to panic.
“Sir Prescott, if we keep hiding like this, they’ll find us eventually. Let’s make a break for it and fight our way out,” a round -faced soldier suggested, eyeing the heavily guarded checkpoint ahead. He gritted his teeth and drew his knife.
Skulking around like this was suffocating. He’d rather go down swinging-if they fought their way through, they might just break out.
“Are you out of your mind? Sir Prescott’s been poisoned. How do you expect us to break through? If you want to die, don’t drag him down with you,” a square-jawed soldier hissed in a low voice.
“Then, what should we do? Just sit here and wait? If we stay until dawn, we’ll have even less of a chance.” The round-faced soldier was getting frustrated.
“Fall back. Find somewhere to lay low. I can’t hold on anymore.” Warrick panted as sweat rolled down his face.
The Tranqurin had taken full effect, and he could barely stand, let alone fight his way out. For now, the best bet was to find a temporary hiding place to avoid being caught.
If they made it through the night and the drug’s effects wore off, he’d have no trouble getting out of Celestria. After all, he had already prepared an escape route long ago.
Meanwhile, Connor and Dave were still locked in battle with Axel.
Though skilled, the two were slightly outmatched by Axel’s prowess. Alone, neither could take him on, but together-with the support of a hundred Red Legion soldiers-they managed to hold the upper hand.
After a brief but intense fight, Connor and Dave had managed to leave several wounds on Axel’s body. However, he had already killed over 20 Red Legion soldiers.
Even with the advantage, Connor and Dave were growing restless. If they didn’t finish him soon, reinforcements from the castle would arrive. When that happened, they would be the ones who failed to make it out alive.
###Chapter 2480
“Damn it! This punk’s tougher than I thought. We’re in real trouble if this keeps up,” Connor said, swinging his twin blades relentlessly. Every strike was aimed at Axel’s vital points.
But Axel was quick. He weaved in and out of reach and avoided direct confrontation. It was obvious he was just stalling for time.
“Sir Prescott should be far enough by now. There’s no point dragging this out. Let’s fall back.”
Sensing the futility of their efforts, Dave considered retreating. He didn’t fear death, but he wasn’t about to waste his life for nothing.
Since Warrick had escaped, their interception mission was also completed.
“You guys hold him off. The rest of you, fall back with me.”
Connor was decisive. Realizing they weren’t making any progress, he quickly ordered a retreat and left a few decoys behind to buy time.
They had barely run a hundred yards when a wave of soldiers suddenly appeared at the alley’s entrance. Hundreds, maybe even thousands, filled the narrow space and completely blocked any chance of escape.
“Fall back!”
Connor and Dave exchanged a glance.
Without hesitation, they turned and bolted in the opposite direction. With fewer than a hundred men, charging into an enemy several times their size would be suicide.
The sound of perfectly synchronized footsteps echoed from ahead, and the ground beneath them started to shake.
Connor and Dave skidded to a halt. Their eyes widened in shock as they stared at the distance.
At the end of the road, a wave of black steel surged toward them.
The soldiers were clad in dark armor, and their faces were hidden behind menacing masks. They were tall, their eyes sharp, and radiated a deadly authority. Their presence was even more intimidating than that of the elite enforcement unit.
“Draken Guardians?”
Connor and Dave’s face paled when they saw the emblem on the black-armored soldiers’ chests.
The Black Dragon Army of West Lucozia was already the most elite military force in the land, unstoppable and unmatched.
But the Draken Guardians were something else entirely. They were the cream of the crop, handpicked from thousands of Black Dragon Army soldiers. They were the best of the best.
They numbered only a hundred or so, but each one was a master in their own right. Any single member could stand toe-to-toe with Connor or Dave.
Under normal circumstances, the castle would never deploy such a force unless the situation was dire. Neither had expected the legendary Draken Guardians to be deployed over this conflict.
The moment they appeared, Connor and Dave knew there was no escape.
If they were facing thousands of soldiers, they were confident they could fight their way through. But against a hundred Draken Guardians, they stood no chance.
By now, Axel had regrouped with the reinforcements and was closing in fast.
Connor, Dave, and their hundred Red Legion soldiers were trapped. They were caught between a fierce force ahead and a deadly one behind.
They had nowhere to run or hide and were completely surrounded.
Just then, the Draken Guardians came to a stop. A broad-shouldered, imposing middle -aged general stepped forward.
His sharp eyes swept over Connor and Dave before he spoke in a cold, commanding voice. “Surrender, or die.”
The words were simple, but they carried a powerful threat.
The middle-aged general was Jaxon Steele, who achieved great feats during the castle’s crisis last year.
His target wasn’t Connor or Dave-he two small fry-but Warrick, who was halfway to becoming an ultimate grandmaster.
Only someone of that caliber was enough to warrant the Draken Guardians’ involvement.
“What should we do?”
Dave glanced at Connor, and his grip tightened around the blade.
The two were blood brothers, bound by a vow. They didn’t need to live on the same day, month, or year. Instead, they only promised to die together on the same day.
“What else can we do? Fight the motherfuckers!”
Connor gritted his teeth. His face hardened with a fierce expression.
With the city on lockdown and the two of them branded as traitors, surrender would only lead to a gruesome end. They might as well risk everything and go out with a bang.
“Okay. Let’s do it.”
Dave took a deep breath, and his face hardened with resolve.
“Soldiers, kill them!”
With a furious roar, Connor charged forward, and Dave rushed in beside him. They led the remaining Red Legion soldiers straight toward Jaxon.
“Leave no one alive,” Jaxon commanded coldly.
Over 100 Draken Guardians drew their blades in unison and charged forward in eerie silence.
On one side, the Red Legion charged forward with fierce battle cries, their momentum unstoppable. On the other, the Draken Guardians moved forward in silence, their every step radiating deadly intent.
After a brief charge, the red and black troops collided. But then, something horrifying happened.
The black-armored Draken Guardians bulldozed through the Red Legion like a scythe through wheat. The battle was swift and brutal, with no resistance to speak of.
The elite Red Legion soldiers and their commanders, Connor and Dave, collapsed in pools of blood within moments.
The sight left Axel and his men, who had just caught up, trembling in awe. They had heard of the Draken Guardians and knew they were one of the castle’s secret weapons.
But it wasn’t until they witnessed their power firsthand that they realized just how formidable this force was. This was a force so powerful that even the elite Red Legion, handpicked from thousands, was cut down like grass.
###Chapter 2481
Axel swallowed hard, shock written all over his face. He had always known the Draken Guardians were formidable, but he had never expected them to be this lethal.
He had pushed himself to his limit just to hold his own against Connor and Dave, only to end up seriously wounded.
Yet, when the Draken Guardians arrived, they wiped them out-along with several dozen Red Legion soldiers-without losing a single man.
If Axel hadn’t seen it with his own eyes, he would never have believed that the Red Legion, a force renowned for its elite soldiers, could be so easily crushed. Or perhaps it wasn’t that the Red Legion was weak, but that the Draken Guardians were far stronger than anyone had imagined.
Even their most ordinary members were strong enough to become a mighty general. As for those at the level of captain, their strength was far beyond Axel’s. The lethality of a team made up of such skilled experts had reached the point of being an overwhelming force.
“Mr. Cruz, please arrange some people to clean up the scene. I need to hunt down Warrick.” Jaxon stepped forward and spoke briefly.
After giving his orders, he led the Draken Guardians away, leaving behind a field of corpses and a stunned enforcement team.
Those who made it into the enforcement team were elite warriors chosen from a pool of hundreds. Each of them had exceptional combat skills and had triumphed in countless battles against overwhelming odds.
But after witnessing the Draken Guardians in action, they realized there was a clear gap even among elites. If they were one in 100, the Draken Guardians were one in 10,000.
“Mr. Cruz, is this what the Draken Guardians are like? They’re on a whole different level, aren’t they?” exclaimed one of the enforcement team members as he stared at the Red Legion soldiers’ bodies.
Just moments ago, they had been locked in a fierce battle with the Red Legion, but the Draken Guardians had ended it in seconds. The gap between them was staggering.
“Only one or two hundred people were selected from hundreds of thousands of Black Dragon Army soldiers. Of course they’re strong.” Axel took a deep breath, retracted his gaze, and said helplessly, ” Stop staring. There’s nothing left for us to do here. Clean up the mess.”
With the Draken Guardians dispatched, the task of capturing Warrick was no longer Axel’s responsibility. For the enforcement team, though, their mission was an absolute failure.
The manhunt continued throughout the night. By dawn, every last Red Legion squad that had scattered in the chaos had been rounded up. Not a single one escaped.
As the first light of dawn broke over the castle courtyard, Austin sat under the magnolia tree playing a game of chess by himself.
Two maids stood nearby, holding lanterns to illuminate the board. Occasionally, a fragrant magnolia blossom drifted down, adding to the serene atmosphere.
Then came the sound of hurried footsteps.
The maids looked up to see Axel and a group of enforcement team members marching into the courtyard while escorting three captured Red Legion rebels.
“Your Highness.” Axel dropped to one knee and placed his fist on his chest in salute. ” The resisting Red Legion forces have been eliminated, and the remaining rebels have been captured. These are three of their assistant generals. Your Highness, what is your decision on them?”
Austin didn’t look up from the chessboard. His voice was calm as he asked, “Where’s Warrick?”
“Sir Prescott and several of his soldiers are still at large. Right now, General Steele is tracking them down.” Axel lowered his head. “Tonight’s operation was a complete failure, Your Highness. I take full responsibility and await your punishment.”
“He managed to escape even after being dosed with Tranqurin. He’s more capable than I gave him credit for. This isn’t your fault. Get up.” Austin placed a white piece on the board, his expression unreadable.
“I dare not, Your Highness. I have failed in my duty.” Axel remained on his knees and didn’t dare to raise his head.
Just as families had their own way of doing things, the military had its code. No matter the reason, failing to capture Warrick was Axel’s mistake. For that, he deserved to be punished.
“Since you enjoy a beating so much, go receive 50 lashes,” Austin said coolly.
“Thank you, Your Highness.” Axel let out a quiet sigh of relief.
Without punishment, he wouldn’t feel at ease. Now, at least, he could put the matter behind him.
Austin spoke again. “There’s something else I need you to do after your punishment.”
Axel lowered his head again. “I await your command.”
“I’ve heard that Prescott estate is quite extravagant, with treasure piled high. Take the troops and raid the place. Arrest the guilty, lock up the criminals, and enforce the law to the letter. Everything must be handled impartially,” Austin ordered.
“I understand, Your Highness.” Axel rose to his feet and left.
Austin finally set down his chess piece and turned his gaze to the three traitorous assistant generals bound before him. He asked coldly, “How long have you served under Warrick?”
The three kept their heads down and said nothing.
“I’m giving you a chance to live. The first one to answer my questions will be spared. “Austin’s face was unreadable.
The assistant generals exchanged uneasy glances, and their expressions were a mix of hope and suspicion.
“Your Highness… Do you really mean that? “the assistant general on the left, Auron Repa, asked cautiously.
“Shut up! Are you planning to betray Sir Prescott?” the assistant general in the middle, Viggo Bloom, snapped.
Before he could say another word, a member of the enforcement team stepped forward and slapped him hard across the face.
“The choice is yours. It’s up to you if you want to believe it.” Austin took a sip from the teacup. “My patience is limited. I’ll only give you 30 seconds to consider. After that, even if you want to talk, I won’t care to listen.”
###Chapter 2482
Austin’s words were calm and almost casual. Yet, they struck like thunder and echoed in the hearts of the three assistant generals of the Red Legion.
If they answered Austin’s questions, there might still be a slim chance of survival. But if they refused, death was the only outcome. 3
After all, who would willingly choose death when they had worked so hard to achieve their wealth and status? Yet, pride and dignity held them back. They didn’t want to be branded as traitors.
Now, they were caught in a dilemma. Which was more important-their honor or their lives? It was an impossible choice.
“You have ten seconds left. If you don’t speak, you’ll lose your chance.” Austin’s voice was utterly devoid of emotion.
His words seemed to pierce their souls, and the three Red Legion assistant generals broke into a cold sweat.
As the countdown neared its end, Auron finally couldn’t hold back. “Your Highness! I’ll talk-I’ll tell you everything.”
Dropping to his knees, he scrambled forward and was desperate to speak before the others could.
“Traitor! Go to hell!” Viggo roared in fury. With a burst of strength, he snapped the ropes binding him and slammed his palm down on Auron’s skull.
A sickening crack echoed through the room. Auron’s head exploded like a watermelon, with blood and brain matter splattering across the floor.
“How dare you!”
The enforcement team reacted instantly. They drew their swords and pressed them against Viggo’s throat to restrain him.
Viggo laughed maniacally. “Go ahead and kill us. We’ll never betray Sir Prescott.”
Austin took the handkerchief from the maid and wiped the blood splattered on his face. His expression remained indifferent. ”
So, you think that makes you a man of principle?”
“What’s there to fear? Death is just a small price to pay.” Viggo raised his chin defiantly. His face was filled with arrogance. “Besides, I’ve lived a good life. I’ve eaten, drunk, and enjoyed myself. Even if I die now, I have no regrets.”
“Really?” Austin’s lips curled into a cold smirk. “If you’re not afraid of death, then I’ll show you something worse than it.”
He waved his hand and ordered, “Take him to Grimhold Keep and serve him well. Let’s see how long he lasts under the 108 tortures there.”
As soon as the words were spoken, Viggo’s face paled.
He had heard of the notoriety of Grimhold Keep. It was no place for any man to be. Even the toughest men broke once they were sent inside. A single round of punishment was enough to make them confess everything.
If Viggo was thrown inside, survival was impossible. Grimhold Keep was a place where death was preferred, but even that mercy was denied. The thought of what awaited him sent a shiver down his spine, and cold sweat ran down his face.
Rather than endure such torment, he’d rather seek a quick end.
With that thought, a flash of resolve passed through Viggo’s eyes. He lunged forward and thrust his throat straight at an enforcement team member’s sword.
Having learned from their previous encounter, the enforcement team members were prepared. They quickly withdrew their blades, stepped back, and expertly restrained him while pinning him to the ground.
To ensure he wouldn’t try anything else, they snapped his arms and legs before binding him tightly and dragging him away.
“What would you gain by torturing me? If you’ve got the guts, just kill me. I dare you. “Viggo thrashed and screamed. His voice was a mix of hysteria and fear. But his struggles were futile.
“Putting on a brave face, huh? Do you really think you’re some kind of tough guy? “Austin sneered.
If Viggo weren’t afraid of death, he wouldn’t have been captured. When they were surrounded last night, he had two choices-fight to the bitter end or take his own life to preserve his honor. That was the mark of a true man.
But this guy? He got caught, refused to die, and still had the nerve to preach about morality. He was nothing but a hypocrite.
If Viggo hadn’t known he was about to be thrown into Grimhold Keep, he’d probably be giving some passionate speech and trying to earn a reputation for loyalty and courage.
The three captured Red Legion assistant generals-one dead, and another was on his way to Grimhold Keep. The last one, Elion Trevane, kneeled on the ground. He was trembling and broke into cold sweat.
He didn’t want to die. And he certainly didn’t want to end up in Grimhold Keep. He had only followed orders from Connor and Dave to rescue Warrick. He never imagined things would escalate this far, nor did he ever consider himself a rebel.
Elion had parents to care for, a wife, and two young children. His life had been full of promise, but now everything had changed.
Being labeled a traitor wasn’t just a death sentence for him-it would bring disaster to his entire family. His parents, his wife, his children, and even his relatives and friends would suffer the consequences.
What could he do? What should he do?
Elion’s heart pounded like a drum, and his body shook as if caught in a storm. He had always thought himself a brave man, but faced with the reality of death, fear consumed him.
“You’re the last one left. Do you have anything to say?”
The devilish whisper sounded in his ears.
Elion stiffened. His face had gone ghostly pale as he slowly looked up, and spoke in a hoarse voice. “Y-Your Highness… I know I can’t escape punishment. I don’t ask for mercy for myself. But if you spare my family, I’ll tell you everything.”
“You’re a sensible man.” Austin nodded with satisfaction. “Then, let’s not waste time. Where is Warrick’s hideout? Tell me, and I’ll let you live.”
Elion lowered his head in shame. “I… I’ll talk.”
For his family’s sake, he had no choice but to betray Warrick.
###Chapter 2483
After a night of chaos, some of the Red Legion’s members were killed, others were captured, and the entire force had been wiped out.
But the fallout didn’t stop there. The Prescott estate was also raided. All embezzled wealth was confiscated, and those found guilty were thrown into prison.
Anyone connected to the Prescotts was placed under house arrest and subjected to rigorous investigation.
And the man behind it-Warrick-had become the kingdom’s most wanted fugitive.
Until he was captured, Celestria remained under lockdown. Major roads were sealed off, and patrol teams scoured every corner to ensure Warrick had no way out.
Austin’s crackdown sparked outrage among senior officials who didn’t know the full story. They voiced their dissatisfaction, with some even gathering outside the castle gates in protest. They stomped their feet in outrage, just short of openly cursing him.
To them, Warrick had made great contributions to the nation. Even if he had committed crimes, he didn’t deserve to be executed.
The entire situation had spiraled into chaos, with raids and a city-wide manhunt causing a storm throughout the city.
“This is ridiculous. Locking down the city at the drop of a hat wastes resources and manpower. What will outsiders think of us? “one of the elders shouted.
“He’s right! Even if Mr. Prescott is guilty, he should stand trial. But why use vigilante justice? This is a farce!”
“I always knew that brat lacked integrity, but I never expected him to be this unruly and vicious. He’d wipe out entire families over the slightest offense. If West Lucozia ever falls into his hands, we’re doomed.”
Outside the castle gates, a group of elderly men in their 70s with gray hair gathered, gesturing and grumbling among themselves.
As royal advisors, they could no longer tolerate Austin’s abuse of power. If they stayed silent, they would be failing their duty.
Besides, they didn’t take him seriously. To them, he was nothing more than a spoiled, impulsive brat-unworthy of comparison to his father, Rufus.
With Rufus now bedridden, these elders saw it as their responsibility to rein in his wayward son.
Just as their heated debate dragged on, the castle gates suddenly creaked open. Axel, flanked by members of the enforcement team, stepped out with a cold, unreadable expression.
“Mr. Cruz, what the hell is going on? Do you have any idea how much a single day of lockdown costs Celestria?” One of the elders, a man with a ruddy nose, stepped forward and demanded harshly.
His name was Langdon Rhys. He was a high – ranking official and a distant relative of the royal family through the Rhys bloodline.
By seniority, he could be regarded as Austin’s uncle. As far as he was concerned, his status gave him the right to speak his mind.
“That’s right! Locking down the city and hunting down a respected general isn’t some child’s game. We demand an explanation.”
“Tell Lord Austin to come out! We’re not leaving until we get answers.”
The other elders joined in. Each one putting on a show of righteous indignation.
Axel remained indifferent as he said, ” Gentlemen, please calm down. Lord Austin has prepared tea in the reception hall. He awaits your presence.”
The unexpected response caught them off guard. They had assumed Austin would keep hiding behind closed doors like a coward. Instead, he had invited them in.
For a moment, they were all unsure of what to make of the situation.
“Mr. Langdon, what do you think?”
The elders exchanged glances before turning to Langdon. He outranked them all in status and seniority, and he was also Austin’s elder. Naturally, they would follow his lead.
“Since Lord Austin has invited us for tea, we should accept the offer. Let’s go in.” With a flick of his sleeve, Langdon stepped inside first.
As a frequent visitor to the castle, he knew Austin well. No matter how unruly the other party was, Austin wouldn’t dare to overstep with him.
“Let’s see what’s going on in there.”
The others hesitated for only a moment before following close behind. As royal advisors, they lived by loyalty and integrity. When necessary, they were willing to risk their lives to do what was right.
Led by Axel, the group marched into the reception hall. Inside, the table was already set with tea and refreshments.
Austin sat at the head of the room. His expression was unreadable, giving away neither joy nor anger.
“Uncle Langdon, you’re here. Have a seat.” As soon as the group entered, Austin immediately got up to greet them.
“Hmph.” Langdon didn’t bother with pleasantries. He made no effort to hide his seniority and took the most prominent seat to Austin’s left.
The other officials followed his lead and sat down one after another. None of them bothered with pleasantries or greetings. Instead, they sat stiffly with a grim face, as if they had come to collect a debt.
“Uncle Langdon, what pressing matter brings you here with an entourage?” Despite their attitude, Austin remained unfazed and continued to smile.
“Austin! Tell me, why did you order the arrest of Sir Prescott? And why did you lock down the city?” Langdon fired off his questions without pause.
He continued, “Do you have any idea that because of your reckless actions, the entire capital is in chaos? How many citizens are living in fear? How many companies have been forced to halt their business? Can you even take responsibility for these losses?”
Austin raised an eyebrow, then calmly took his seat. “Are you here to discuss personal matters or official business?”
“And what if it’s both?” Langdon said with a straight face.
“If it’s personal, then I’ll respect you as my elder and you have every right to lecture me.” Austin’s gaze suddenly sharpened.
He went on, “But if it’s an official matter, then you’d better remember your place. Who is the ruler, and who is the subject? Do you think you have the right to sit while speaking to me?”
###Chapter 2484
“Are you even qualified to sit while speaking to me?”
Austin’s words struck like the blow of a hammer. They were sharp and unrelenting, and they left no room for retort.
Langdon sat frozen and was momentarily speechless. He hadn’t expected a brat like Austin to have such a sharp tongue.
If he admitted he had come for personal matters, he would keep his pride intact, but he would lose control of the conversation. Everything he had prepared -and all the accusations he meant to throw-would be meaningless.
But if he insisted it was official business, he would have to show proper respect and offer a formal greeting. No matter how he answered, he would be conceding ground.
“I’ll ask one more time. Are you here on official or personal matters?” Austin asked coldly.
“O-Official matters.” Cornered, Langdon barely managed to get the words out.
“Well? Is this how an official conducts himself?” Austin pressed.
Langdon had no choice but to rise and offer a deep bow. “Your Highness, it’s an honor to stand before you.”
The other royal advisors quickly followed suit, and their earlier arrogance vanished as they stood and paid their respects.
Axel watched the shift unfold and couldn’t hide his admiration.
Austin truly lived up to his reputation. He was sharp-witted and strategic. With just a few words, he had these cunning officials completely outmaneuvered.
“Uncle Langdon, no need to be so serious. I was just having a little fun.”
One moment, Austin was cold and distant, but the next, he was warm and approachable.
“Come on, everyone, have a seat. Don’t be so formal.”
Seeing how quickly Austin changed his attitude, Langdon and the other royal advisors exchanged uncertain glances.
“I wouldn’t dare, Your Highness. I’ll just stand.” Langdon’s face was grim, and his voice was strained.
He had been in government for years, but never expected to be outplayed by Austin, and the thought didn’t sit well with him.
“As you wish, Uncle Langdon.”
Austin didn’t press the matter. He sat down casually, then looked at Langdon with a wry smile. “So, why are you here?”
“I…” Langdon began, but he found himself at a loss for words.
He had stormed inside with righteous fury and was ready to denounce Austin. But after being thrown off balance, that fire had all but sputtered out. Now, he couldn’t even muster a stern word.
“What’s wrong?” Austin raised an eyebrow. “Cat got your tongue, Uncle Langdon?”
Langdon exhaled slowly and gathered his thoughts. “Your Highness, the city is under lockdown, and people are in a panic. I must ask-what exactly has happened to warrant such drastic measures?”
“To catch a traitor, Of course,” Austin replied calmly. “I issued an official notice this morning, and everything is clearly stated there. Did none of you bother to read it?”
“An official notice?” Langdon frowned. ” What notice? Why haven’t we heard about this?”
“You’ve all been busy with your own affairs, so it’s understandable if you missed it,” Austin said evenly. “I’ll have copies delivered to your homes later so no one will be uninformed.”
Seeing the conversation veering off track, Langdon quickly interjected, “Forget the notice. Just tell me what crime did Sir Prescott commit that justifies this chaos? Did you really need to turn the entire city upside down?”
“Exactly! Sir Prescott has done so much for West Lucozia. Even if he made a mistake, does that justify confiscating his properties and sentencing him to death?” one royal advisor chimed in.
“If Prince Rufus were here, he wouldn’t stand for this recklessness, nor would he allow you to throw Celestria into turmoil,” another added.
With Langdon leading the charge, the other royal advisors followed suit and voiced their protest.
They weren’t just defending Warrick, but they were also protecting themselves. After all, who among them hadn’t cut corners or bent the rules? If even a minor offense meant execution and property confiscation, what hope did they have?
“Everyone, quiet down.” Austin raised a hand, and the room fell silent.
Once the voices died down, he continued, ” Let me make this clear-Warrick didn’t just make a mistake, but he committed unforgivable crimes.
“Over the years, he has committed atrocities-pillaging, killing, and doing things so heinous they defy description. The blood on his hands could condemn him a hundred times over, yet no punishment would be enough to atone for what he’s done. Are you saying a man like that shouldn’t be arrested and executed?”
“Those are baseless accusations!” Langdon snapped. “If Your Highness has proof, then present it. Otherwise, we refuse to believe such claims.”
“That’s right. Sir Prescott is a loyal and honorable man. How could he possibly be guilty of such crimes?”
“It seems that you have been misled by slanderous rumors, Your Highness. Sir Prescott is being wrongfully accused.”
“To execute a loyal servant without cause is an affront to justice. Your Highness must revoke the arrest order and clear Sir Prescott’s name.”
The royal advisors erupted in protest, and their voices rang with righteous indignation.
To an outsider, it looked like Austin had made a big blunder.
###Chapter 2485
Austin sat in his chair and silently watched the royal advisors put on their pretentious act. He slowly sipped his tea as if he couldn’t be bothered by their so-called accusations.
His nonchalant demeanor made Langdon and the others frown. Their once-outrageous voices began to falter.
They had stormed in full of righteous fury earlier, only to be met with complete apathy. What was the point of arguing when he wasn’t even listening?
“Are you done?” Austin finally spoke once the room had quieted down. “If not, go ahead and keep talking. Say as much as you need to until you’re satisfied.”
“Your Highness, we’re here to discuss serious matters. Your dismissive attitude is truly disappointing,” Langdon said sharply.
“Serious matters?” Austin let out a short laugh.
He went on, “You barge in here without even understanding the full picture and spewing accusations like they’re facts. As far as I’m concerned, you’re no different from clowns putting on a show.”
“You… How dare you!” Langdon was visibly enraged.
His expression darkened. “The prince personally appointed us as royal advisors, so we have the authority to challenge injustice. Your abuse of power and persecution of loyal officials is unacceptable-both morally and legally. We have every right to protest.”
“That’s right. We demand justice for Sir Prescott,” the royal advisors echoed.
“Protest? Justice?”
At those words, Austin suddenly laughed as if he had just heard the most ridiculous joke in the world.
“What’s so funny?” Langdon asked grimly.
“I’m laughing at your ignorance, your stupidity, and your self-righteousness.”
As Austin laughed, his expression suddenly turned cold. “What makes you so sure Warrick is innocent? And what makes you think I made the wrong judgment?
“Without understanding the full truth, you blindly condemn me while defending a man guilty of unspeakable crimes. Tell me – are you foolish, or are you complicit?”
“We don’t see the so-called justice you speak of. We only see the fear, the disorder, and your unchecked authority,” Langdon retorted.
“Oh? Then, I’ll let you see the truth with your own eyes.”
Austin waved a hand. “Axel! Bring out all the evidence. Let these so-called defenders of justice see for themselves who the real villain is.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” Axel responded.
He immediately laid out all the prepared evidence on the table. Every crime was recorded in detail, and this was only what had been documented. There were countless more left unreported.
“If you’re not blind, read it for yourself,” Austin said coldly. His patience was wearing thin.
These old fools weren’t just corrupt but were irredeemably stupid. Anyone with a shred of sense wouldn’t have chosen this moment to stir up trouble.
“How is this possible? Did Sir Prescott really commit all these crimes?”
“This is outrageous! Even the wildest rumors wouldn’t conjure up something this outrageous.”
As the royal advisors flipped through the pile of evidence before them, they exchanged uneasy glances and their brows furrowed in concern.
The crimes listed weren’t minor offenses like corruption or bribery-they were atrocities that had cost hundreds of lives, with countless others indirectly affected.
Just the photos and records alone were enough to send chills down their spines.
They had their own share of wrongdoing, but their sins paled in comparison to what lay before them.
Warrick’s actions were nothing short of monstrous. If these crimes were true, then their efforts to defend him would make them accomplices to his evil.
“Well? Do you have anything to say now?” Austin sneered.
The royal advisors exchanged glances, but no one dared speak. If Warrick was truly guilty of such heinous acts, even the boldest among them wouldn’t dare speak in his defense.
“No! This can’t be true.” Langdon’s face darkened as he finished reading the evidence, but he stubbornly held his ground.
He continued, “Where did you even get this so-called evidence? Sir Prescott has always been loyal and honorable. There’s no way he would commit such atrocities. This must be a setup-someone is trying to frame him.”
Several royal advisors nodded in agreement.
To them, Warrick was a war hero who had dedicated his life to serving the country and its people. While they could accept that he might have made mistakes in the heat of the moment, the idea of him being responsible for such cold-blooded crimes was unthinkable.
Perhaps, they reasoned, this was the work of external forces trying to sow discord within West Lucozia.
“Langdon Rhys!” Austin’s gaze turned razor-sharp. “The evidence is right in front of you, yet you still refuse to see the truth. Tell me, are you covering for him because you two have some unspeakable dealings?”
Austin’s patience had reached its limit. He had tolerated Langdon out of respect for his seniority within the Rhys family. But if Langdon insisted on pushing his luck, then Austin had no problem burning that bridge.
###Chapter 2486
“Your Highness, you mustn’t speak such nonsense.” Langdon put on a righteous front.
He continued, “I’ve always prided myself on my integrity and never done anything dishonorable. I’ve never betrayed the prince’s trust or let the people down, and I have nothing to hide.”
“Such lofty words,” Austin scoffed. “If you have nothing to hide, why not let the enforcement team investigate?”
Langdon’s face tightened, and a flicker of unease crossed his eyes.
After all, what official didn’t have some skeletons in the closet? A full investigation would likely turn up something, no matter how small. Even if the offenses weren’t serious, the damage to his reputation would be permanent.
With so many officials watching, Langdon couldn’t afford to back down. If he did, he would lose his standing in the political world-and his claim to integrity along with it.
“Go ahead and investigate.” He raised his chin and said confidently, “I’ve lived an honest life and never engaged in anything illegal. No matter how deep you dig, you’ll find nothing.”
“An honest life, huh? Let’s see if you’re really as innocent as you claim.” Austin turned to Axel. “Take the enforcement team. Investigate Mr. Langdon thoroughly and don’t miss a thing.”
No one was perfect, and officials often cut corners or bent the rules for personal gain. The enforcement team usually turned a blind eye to minor infractions. As long as no one caused major scandals or loss of life, most offenses were met with a slap on the wrist-nothing more.
But Langdon had crossed a line. His blatant disregard for right and wrong had angered Austin. If he didn’t put Langdon in his place now, the man would only become more brazen.
“Understood,” Axel replied with a curt nod and turned to leave.
“Hold on!” Langdon panicked as he hurried to stop him.
“What’s wrong? Feeling guilty? Weren’t you just putting up a tough front?” Austin sneered.
“W-What are you talking about?” Langdon swallowed hard and forced himself to stand firm. “I’m just worried about being framed. What if someone fabricates charges against me? Look at what happened to Sir Prescott.”
His words were a last-ditch effort to cover his tracks. If Austin really did uncover incriminating evidence, Langdon could claim he was being set up.
“So, you still believe Warrick was innocent? And that I’ve wrongfully accused him? Are these stacks of evidence not enough to convince you?” Austin shot back.
“Evidence can be fabricated. Unless I see it with my own eyes or hear it from a credible witness, I refuse to believe Sir Prescott would commit such heinous acts,”
Langdon insisted.
“You want to see for yourself? And you want credible witnesses? Fine. I’ll give you both.” Austin gestured to Axel. “Bring in the two prisoners. Let’s hear what they have to say.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” Axel replied before hurrying off.
The room fell into a tense silence as the officials exchanged uneasy glances and whispered among themselves.
“Prisoners? Who are they?”
“The notice only listed Sir Prescott. There was no mention of other officials.”
“Could they be the witnesses Lord Austin was talking about?”
As Langdon listened to his colleagues’ murmurs, he maintained a calm facade, though his mind was in turmoil.
He had been arguing stubbornly with nothing but his silver tongue; he didn’t have the evidence to support them. If Austin really produced solid evidence and credible witnesses, Langdon would be in serious trouble. 1
With that thought in mind, he spoke up again. “Your Highness, don’t think you can just trot out a couple of low-level scapegoats and call them credible witnesses. Let me make it clear that the witnesses must hold significant authority, or their testimony is worthless.”
“And what level of authority would satisfy you?” Austin shot back.
“At least a third-rank official,” Langdon answered firmly.
“I don’t have a third-rank official, but I do have two first-rank officials. See for yourself.” Austin gestured toward the door.
All eyes turned to the doorway as two men in prison garb, their hair disheveled and shoulders slumped, were escorted in by Axel. Their steps were sluggish, as if life had been drained from them.
At first, the gathered officials couldn’t make out their faces. But the moment Austin spoke, the prisoners lifted their heads.
A collective gasp rippled through the room. To their surprise, the two prisoners were Huxley and Percival.
Both men were first-rank officials of West Lucozia, and in terms of rank and status, they were even higher than Langdon.
Unlike Langdon, who only held an advisory role, these two held significant authority.
No one had expected that these once-mighty officials-who once commanded respect and authority-would now stand before them as prisoners.
What on earth had happened?
###Chapter 2487
“Sir Thatcher? Mr. Wentworth?” When Langdon saw their faces, his eyes went wide in disbelief. “You… How did you two end up like this?” He was genuinely stunned. 2
Huxley and Percival were two of the most powerful figures in West Lucozia. They commanded respect wherever they went, and even Langdon himself had to show them deference.
He never expected that they had fallen from their positions of prestige to become disheveled prisoners overnight.
“Austin! You’ve gone too far!” Recovering from his initial shock, Langdon’s fury erupted. He didn’t even bother with titles anymore.
“Do you even realize what you’re doing? These two men are pillars of West Lucozia and the prince’s most trusted advisors. They’re your elders and mentors. Yet, you tortured them like this. Are you even human?”
“He’s right,” someone chimed in. “They dedicated their lives to this country. What crime did they commit to deserve such cruelty by Your Highness?”
The gathered officials erupted in outrage and condemned Austin’s actions. Loyal officials had been unjustly imprisoned, and they refused to stand by and let it happen.
Amid the royal advisors’ indignant protests, Huxley and Percival exchanged bewildered glances.
What happened? Were these officials… actually fighting for them? Their support was appreciated, but wasn’t their reaction a bit excessive?
After all, Huxley and Percival were criminals. Could those officials just voice their concerns properly instead of all this shouting?
“Enough!” Axel bellowed. “How dare you insult His Highness! Do you have a death wish?”
His fury exploded at the disrespectful words, and he immediately reached for his sword. But Austin raised a hand to stop him.
Pressing Axel’s weapon back into its sheath, Austin turned his gaze toward Langdon, his expression icy. “Think before you speak. Have you ever wondered why I arrested them?”
“What else could it be?” Langdon shot back without hesitation. “Because you’re an arrogant tyrant who persecutes the innocent.”
First, Austin had issued a warrant for Warrick’s arrest. Now, he was imprisoning key officials. At this rate, West Lucozia was doomed.
“Arrogant? Persecuting the innocent?” Austin scoffed. Then, he turned to the two prisoners and asked coolly, “Why don’t you two explain? Did I wrongfully accuse you?”
“N-No, Your Highness.” Huxley shook his head vehemently,
“I deserve it. His Highness has shown mercy by sparing my life, and I’m grateful for his leniency,” Percival said in a humble tone.
Compared to Huxley, Percival had gotten off lightly. At least, Percival and his family’s life were spared. He had only been stripped of his position and was to be investigated. For him, it was a blessing in disguise.
“Sir Thatcher, Mr. Wentworth, did Austin threaten you?” Langdon frowned and continued, “Don’t worry. We’re here to seek justice for you. If you’ve been wronged, tell us, and I’ll personally bring your case before the prince.”
“I have no complaints, and I haven’t been threatened. I made a huge mistake, and I deserve to die. I brought this on myself, and I can’t blame anyone else,” Huxley replied, looking grim.
He had committed so many serious offenses that execution was inevitable. Now, he just hoped his family wouldn’t be dragged down with him.
“Sir Thatcher, I know you’re under pressure, but don’t be afraid. We’re here to support you,” Langdon said righteously.
“That’s right. We’ll prove your innocence, “the other royal advisors echoed.
“I am beyond redemption and deserve to die. Please stop speaking on my behalf,” Huxley said anxiously.
Why couldn’t they just let him face his punishment in peace? If they kept stirring things up and provoked Austin further, there was no telling if his family would be dragged down with him.
“I see what’s going on. Austin tortured you, didn’t he? That’s why you’re so eager to take the blame.” Langdon’s face lit up with revelation.
“You… You fools! Stop sticking your noses where they don’t belong!” Huxley exploded.
But to Langdon and the others, his outburst was nothing more than the desperate struggle of a man too terrified to speak.
“Austin!” Langdon shouted, turning toward him. “What did you do to them? What made them fear you this much?”
“I have done only what the law requires,” Austin replied evenly. “Percival was dismissed for corruption and abuse of power, though I chose not to pursue further charges because of the valuable information he provided.
“As for Huxley, he is guilty of heinous crimes-murder, abuse of power, and countless atrocities. His execution is well justified, and the evidence against him is indisputable.”
As he spoke, Axel placed the stack of incriminating documents on the table for all to see.
But even after reviewing the documents, Langdon remained unconvinced. “This is absurd! Sir Thatcher is the Commander of Militia. How could he possibly have committed such crimes? This is clearly a setup. This so-called evidence is nothing but a lie.”
Austin let out a dry laugh at his stubbornness.
The evidence was all there-witnesses, testimonies, records-but Langdon refused to accept it and clung instead to the idea of some elaborate conspiracy.
Austin couldn’t understand how someone so willfully blind held a position of power. If the government was filled with people like Langdon, then it was time for a major cleanup.
###Chapter 2488
“Langdon, I can’t tell if you’re playing dumb or if you really are that stupid.”
Though Austin was smiling, his eyes were cold.
He continued, “You asked for physical evidence, and I provided it. You asked for witnesses, and I gave you those too. Now, with both evidence and testimony laid bare, and even the criminal confessing, what else do you want?”
“Hmph! The government is rife with corruption. I’m simply seeking justice and preventing you from wrongfully killing the innocent.” Langdon still held his righteous stance.
Some of the royal advisors who had initially supported him now stayed silent. They could sense Austin’s rising anger and didn’t dare provoke him further.
At that instant, they had lost their confidence. As Austin had pointed out, the solid evidence was right before them, and it was impossible to deny.
Langdon was a member of the Rhys family and Austin’s elder. He could afford to speak without a filter, but the others couldn’t.
If they truly angered Austin, the consequences would be severe at best, their properties being confiscated and at worst, their entire bloodline wiped out. After all, Austin had already imprisoned Huxley and Percival. What chance did they, mere minor players, have?
“Innocent? You? Or them?” Austin’s gaze swept over Langdon and the gathered advisors. His killing intent was barely concealed. “Looks to me like none of you have clean hands.”
“What are you implying? First, you falsely accuse these officials, and now you want to come after us too?” Langdon raised his chin to project an image of unshakable righteousness.
The other advisors, however, avoided Austin’s gaze and were too afraid to speak.
“Langdon, out of respect for the Rhys family name, I’ll give you one last chance.”
Austin took a deep breath to suppress his anger.
He continued, “If you and your men leave now and stop causing trouble, I’ll forget today ever happened. All the unpleasantness of today will be forgotten. But if you continue to stir up trouble, don’t blame me for what comes next.”
“What’s this? Are you threatening me?” Langdon scoffed. “I’ve lived my life with honor, and I don’t bow to anyone’s threats – not even to a punk like you. Even if Prince Rufus himself walked in here, I’d still hold my ground and never back down.”
“Well now, aren’t you the picture of integrity?” Austin suddenly clapped, and a grin spread across his face. Since you’re so upright, let’s see if there’s any dirt on you.’
His smile vanished as he barked, “Axel! Take the enforcement team and search Langdon’s manor immediately. I have reason to suspect him of corruption and harboring criminals.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” Axel responded crisply before striding out.
He had disliked Langdon for a long time. To him, Langdon was nothing more than a troublemaker who thrived on stirring chaos.
Austin had repeatedly shown them patience, but Langdon had only grown bolder. Now, Axel was determined to turn Langdon’s home upside down during this search.
“Austin! Y-You’re abusing your power.”
Seeing the enforcement team leave, Langdon panicked and shouted, “I haven’t broken any laws or committed any crimes. On what grounds are you searching my home?”
“Because right now, I run this castle. Is that reason enough for you?” Austin replied coldly.
“Only Prince Rufus has authority over the castle, not you. If you overstep, I’ll go straight to him and report you,” Langdon threatened.
“Go ahead and report me.” Austin was unfazed. “I’m eager to see what you’ll manage to report.”
“You…” Langdon was at a loss for words.
Rufus had gone into seclusion, and even if Langdon wanted to complain, he wouldn’t be able to reach him anytime soon.
The enforcement team was already on the move. If Langdon didn’t stop them soon, they might uncover something truly incriminating.
“Fine. You win this time. Let’s go.”
Langdon hesitated for a moment but ultimately gave in and prepared to leave with the other royal advisors. But as he turned toward the door, they were stopped by a group of guards.
He turned and barked, “Austin, what is the meaning of this?”
“You think you can just waltz in here and leave whenever you please?” Austin said indifferently. “No one leaves until the search is complete.”
“You… You’re going too far!” Langdon’s face twisted with rage.
He had already backed down and let it, ready to walk away. But Austin wasn’t just pushing his luck-he was taking things too far and trying to walk all over Langdon.
“If you have nothing to hide, what’s the harm in a search? Or are you afraid we’ll uncover some dirty secrets?” Austin remained unmoved.
“Ridiculous! I have lived an upright life and have never done anything wrong. Don’t you dare slander me,” Langdon shot back.
“Calm down. Let’s just sit and wait,”
Austin replied nonchalantly. “We’ll know just how honorable you are by nightfall.”
With that, he ignored the group, calmly taking his seat and sipping his tea as if nothing had happened.
The sudden storm had exposed the demons hiding in the shadows. At first, Austin had hesitated to take drastic measures because he feared it would cause unrest. But now, he had changed his mind.
If these parasites weren’t eliminated, who knew how much damage they could cause? This time, he was determined to root out the rot, no matter how deep it went.
###Chapter 2489
“And as for the rest of you, I’ll be investigating each of you one by one.” Austin’s gaze moved past Langdon and landed on the royal advisors.
He sneered and added, “You’d better keep your records clean. If I find anything on any of you, I’ll handle it by the book, and there won’t be any mercy.”
At these words, panic swept through the room. Everyone exchanged nervous glances, and their hearts pounded like war drums.
As soon as they realized Austin was angry, they quickly fell silent. Langdon had always been making all the noise, but now they found themselves caught in the fire.
Anyone who’d held a position like theirs usually had some skeletons in the closet.
In the past, Rufus had been willing to turn a blind eye and let things slide. But now, Austin clearly wasn’t following the usual rules. If he decided to investigate thoroughly, most of them would likely find their careers and reputations destroyed.
“Mr. Rhys, what do we do now? Lord Austin seems dead serious about this.”
“That’s right, Mr. Rhys. If he really starts investigating us, we’re all in trouble.”
“We only came here because of you. You can’t just let us take the fall.”
The royal advisors crowded around Langdon and spoke over one another in anxious voices.
They had come at his request and hoped to clear Warrick of any charges. If they succeeded, it would boost their reputation and earn them his favor.
But if they failed, they weren’t willing to risk offending Austin, as that would be disastrous for them. It was clear that the situation was already beyond their control.
If they didn’t handle this carefully, none of them would walk away unscathed.
“You’re all grown men-why are you panicking like this?”
The clamor grated on Langdon’s already frayed nerves. He was frustrated enough as it was, and their complaints only made it worse.
“Mr. Rhys, you’re in a position of power. Of course you’re not worried. But the rest of us? One misstep, and it’s over for us. And didn’t you hear? After Lord Austin is done investigating you, he’s coming for us. What are we supposed to do then?”
Several advisors who had been agreeing with Langdon earlier now started to grumble. If Landon hadn’t been so stubborn and determined to confront Austin, they wouldn’t be in this mess. In their eyes, they were the victims of his stubbornness.
“As royal advisors, how can you be so spineless?” Langdon’s tone was filled with righteous indignation. “Our role is to stand against injustice and tyranny. If a few threats are enough to make you cower, then you might as well go home and be farmers.”
The royal advisors’ expressions darkened.
All this talk of justice and tyranny was just empty rhetoric.
Everyone knew Langdon’s visit was motivated by self-interest. While he put on the facade of a loyal advisor, the truth was that he had a shady deal with Warrick.
If Warrick fell from power, Langdon stood to lose a great deal. That was why he had rallied the other advisors to pressure Austin in the first place.
At first, they had come with the simple intention of doing a small favor and lending some support. But they never expected Langdon to completely disregard their safety and continue to provoke Austin.
As a result, everyone needed to be investigated. In a way, Langdon had pushed them into a corner. Yet, he showed no remorse and had no intention of trying to salvage the situation. If this kept up, they were all doomed.
As the full weight of their situation hit them, the advisors began to think of ways to save themselves. Relying on Langdon was no longer an option, so they needed to find a way to appease Austin before it was too late.
Time ticked by slowly. In the reception hall, Austin sat calmly, sipping tea and nibbling on snacks as if he hadn’t a care in the world.
On the contrary, the advisors were trapped in the room, their anxiety mounting with each passing minute.
As for Langdon, he maintained a composed exterior, but inside, he was a storm of anxiety. If Austin uncovered something incriminating, how would he defend himself?
Just then, a guard rushed in and reported, ” Your Highness, Mr. Cruz has returned.”
At those words, the advisors and Langdon felt their hearts leap into their throats. Whatever evidence that Axel found would decide their fates.
“Send him in.” Austin set down a grape he had been about to eat. He remained seated, as steady and unshakable as a mountain.
He was well aware of the enforcement team’s capabilities. Even if they didn’t uncover everything about Langdon, they would have more than enough to take him down.
Two minutes later, Axel strode into the reception hall with several enforcement team members.
“Well? Did you find anything?” Austin asked indifferently.
“Yes, Your Highness. We have all the evidence we need to bring someone to justice.” Axel shot Langdon a mocking glance.
Langdon’s eyes twitched, and his heart raced. He felt as though disaster was just around the corner.
###Chapter 2490
“Oh? Really? Then, show them the evidence. Let everyone see for themselves.
“Austin said with a faint smile.
Langdon swallowed hard, and a cold sweat broke out on his forehead.
Had his entire past really been dug up in just half a day?
“First, I investigated Mr. Langdon’s assets and income sources,” Axel said, pulling out a stack of documents and placing them on the table.
He explained firmly, “His spending far exceeds his salary. He owns 18 luxury homes, dozens of high-end cars, and a private collection of gold, antiques, and famous paintings.
“Altogether, his assets are worth tens of billions. Given his salary, it would take him several thousand years of saving every penny to afford that. So I have to ask-where did all this money come from?”
The moment those words left his mouth, all eyes turned to Langdon.
Everyone knew he was corrupt, but no one expected it to be on this scale. If his fixed assets alone were worth billions, his liquid assets must be even more staggering.
“Langdon, is this what you call being upright and innocent?”
Austin flipped through the documents and barely skimmed them before tossing them at Langdon’s feet. His words landed like a punch to the gut.
“No! This is impossible. Someone is framing me!” Langdon barked, kicking the papers aside. But the forced bravado in his voice did little to hide his unease. “I’ve always served with integrity. How could I possibly be involved in corruption? Every bit of this is a lie.”
“You didn’t even look at it. How do you know it’s fake?” Axel sneered.
“Hmph! Everyone knows how your enforcement team twists the truth. Even the most innocent person would become a criminal in your hands. Your so-called evidence is completely unreliable,” Langdon snapped.
“So, you’re saying none of these assets Axel mentioned belong to you?” Austin raised an eyebrow.
“Of course not! They have nothing to do with me. This so-called evidence is fake.” Langdon remained defiant.
“Okay. Since these assets aren’t yours, they’ll be confiscated.” Austin glanced at Axel.
Axel grinned. “I’ll send someone to take care of it.”
Langdon’s lips twitched, but he didn’t dare protest.
With tens of billions in assets built over the years, he would be lying if he said it didn’t hurt when they were about to be confiscated. But for now, he had no choice but to swallow his bitterness in silence.
As long as he kept denying it, he was safe. But the moment he admitted it, he’d be finished.
To him, wealth was just something to be gained and lost. As long as he wasn’t caught, he could always rebuild his fortune through corruption.
“Besides these questionable assets, is there anything else?” Austin asked.
“The assets are just one part of it,” Axel replied. “Despite his age, Mr. Langdon has maintained quite an active personal life.
He has eight mistresses and has fathered 17 illegitimate children. Some are already adults, while others are just learning to walk. The annual cost of supporting them is no small sum.”
“Oh?” Austin’s gaze shifted toward Langdon as he spoke with a cold, insincere smile. “He’s nearly 70 and still has so many children. Impressive.”
“You… You’re spouting nonsense!”
Langdon’s face flushed red as he scrambled to defend himself. “I have only one wife and one son. Where are all these illegitimate children coming from? This is pure defamation.”
“Mr. Langdon, you’re truly heartless. You won’t even acknowledge your own children?” Axel scoffed. “Why don’t we do a paternity test and see if you’re telling the truth?”
“Nonsense! Why should I entertain such ridiculous accusations?” Langdon turned his head away in defiance.
“Since these women and children have nothing to do with you, our castle will take them in,” Austin said with a faint smile. ” Axel, arrange for them to be brought to the castle, and ensure they are properly cared for-no mistreatment or negligence allowed.”
“Yes, Your Highness!” Axel responded immediately and began issuing orders to his subordinates.
“Hold on!”
Seeing how things were escalating, Langdon could no longer hold back.
Losing his assets was one thing-there were always ways to embezzle more. But if his children were taken away, that would be the end of his bloodline.
“What is it, Mr. Langdon? Do you have something to say?” Austin asked.
“There are plenty of social welfare programs. Is it really necessary to bring them to the castle?” Langdon frowned.
“That’s not for you to worry about,” Austin replied with a smirk. “After all, they have nothing to do with you, right?”
“I…” Langdon was at a loss for words.
His assets were confiscated, and now his children were being taken from him. If this continued, he’d be left with nothing.
“Axel, continue.” Austin snapped his fingers.
“Yes, Your Highness!” Axel nodded and took out another stack of documents.
He continued, “Besides corruption, I’ve also uncovered Mr. Langdon’s dealings with various officials. Here are the ledgers detailing those transactions. Your Highness, please have a look.”
Axel handed the ledgers to Austin.
Austin skimmed through them before tossing the ledgers at Langdon’s feet. ” Care to explain? And don’t even try to deny it-every entry here is in your own handwriting. Let’s see how you talk your way out of this one.”
###Chapter 2491
“Ledger?”
Langdon’s pupils contracted as he stared at the familiar red ledgers at his feet. His expression finally faltered.
He had never expected the enforcement team to uncover the ledgers he had hidden in a secret compartment. Every transaction written on those pages was damning-evidence of years of collusion with officials and wealthy merchants, of bribes and embezzlement.
He had kept them as leverage to ensure those officials wouldn’t abandon him when things went south. But what was meant to shield him had now sealed his fate.
His assets could be confiscated, and he could refuse to acknowledge his own children. But how could he possibly talk his way out of a ledger filled with his handwritten records?
Langdon’s frown deepened as sweat poured down his face. Before he realized it, his back was already drenched.
“Mr. Langdon, why are you sweating so much? Is it too hot in here? Should I have someone fan you?” Axel taunted with sneer.
The evidence they had gathered was more than enough to imprison Langdon, and no amount of denial would save him now.
“Mr. Langdon, are you still trying to claim these ledgers are forged and have nothing to do with you?” Austin smirked, his tone laced with mockery.
“T-That’s right! They’re forged. This has nothing to do with me. I don’t keep ledgers like these. Someone must be framing me.” Langdon stubbornly insisted.
At that point, he could only keep going down this path, no matter the consequences.
But no one believed him anymore. Even the royal advisors looked at him with disdain.
Was there any point in continuing to deny it?
No matter how stubbornly he denied it, the evidence laid out before him was more than enough to convict him.
Sometimes, refusing to admit the truth wouldn’t solve a problem. It would only make the downfall more humiliating.
“Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant.” Austin clapped with a laugh.
He continued, “I’ve never met anyone as shameless as you. If you had confessed and shown remorse, I might have spared your life out of respect for our relationship. But since you refuse to repent and insist on twisting the truth, you have no one to blame but yourself.”
Austin turned to Axel. “Bring out all the evidence against Langdon. I want every crime laid bare today.”
“Yes, Your Highness!” Axel responded before taking a thick stack of documents from one of his subordinates and reading them aloud.
“Driven by lust, Langdon assaulted a woman eight years ago. The victim later took her own life. To cover his tracks, he bribed officials and threatened the victim’s family.
“Five years ago, he conspired with a wealthy merchant named Lemur Pratt to murder Patch Sharmon and his family, seizing their assets.
“Three years ago, Langdon’s son, Zeron Rhys, assaulted and killed a government official’s daughter. When the official filed a report, Langdon suppressed the case using ruthless means, then framed the official for multiple crimes. The official was imprisoned and died under suspicious circumstances.
“Based on our investigation, Langdon has been directly or indirectly involved in over a dozen deaths. His crimes are heinous and unforgivable.
“These are the gathered evidence and testimonies, Your Highness. Please review them.” After finishing his report, Axel placed the stack of evidence before Austin.
As Austin skimmed through the pages, his expression darkened. At first, he thought Langdon was just another corrupt, greedy, and lecherous official. He had never imagined the man was responsible for so many deaths.
“How will you try to talk your way out of this?” Austin asked coldly before hurling the documents at Langdon’s face.
“Lies! It’s all lies. I won’t admit to this.”
Langdon scrambled to pick up the scattered documents and furiously tore them to shreds, abandoning all pretense.
“You dare destroy evidence in front of us?” Axel’s eyes flashed with fury, and he reached for his sword.
But Austin raised a hand to stop him. “Let him tear them up.”
“All these are fake. Every last one of them is fake.”
Under countless watchful eyes, Langdon shredded every document into pieces.
Austin merely watched in silence, showing no sign of stopping him. But his expression was as cold as if he were staring at a dead man.
“Are you done?” he asked indifferently.
Do you have any last words?”
“Austin! Don’t think you can intimidate me!” Langdon shouted frantically. “I won’t admit to any of this. You’re framing me, and I’m going to report you to the prince!”
“No last words? Then, take him away and execute him in three days.” Austin gave the order without hesitation.
“Yes, Your Highness!” Axel grinned viciously. He had been waiting for this moment and had no intention of letting Langdon off easily tonight.
“You dare?”
Panic finally set in as Langdon’s bravado crumbled, and he barked a weak threat, ” I’m a member of the Rhys family. Your elder, and your father’s brother. If you execute me, you’ll be committing treason. You’ll be betraying your own bloodline!”
Austin’s expression remained impassive. ” My elder? My father’s brother?”
He continued, “You’re nothing more than a distant branch of the Rhys family. Your wealth and status exist only because of my father. How dare you stand here and demand respect?
“If you had quietly enjoyed your fortune, perhaps you would have lived out your days in peace. But you chose to break the law and prey on the innocent. If I don’t make an example of you today, how many more will follow in your footsteps?”
“You-” Langdon was at a loss for words.
“Guards! Take him away and show no mercy,” Austin commanded.
“Yes, Your Highness!”
Axel waved his hand. He ordered his men to shackle Langdon and drag him toward the door.
At that moment, Langdon finally broke.
###Chapter 2492
“Hold on!”
Seeing that he was about to be taken away, Langdon panicked and shouted, “You have no right to arrest me without a thorough investigation or a judge’s ruling! This is outright brutality! You’re abusing your power!”
Austin scoffed. “When I tried to play fair, you pulled every dirty trick in the book. But now that I’m playing rough, you suddenly want to talk about the law? Do you really think that’s going to happen?”
“Mr. Langdon, if you have anything to say, you can tell me in prison. We’ll have plenty of time to chat.” Axel strode forward with a wicked grin, clamping a firm hand on Langdon’s shoulder.
“Wait! I still have something to say.” Langdon swallowed hard.
Realizing he had no way out, he finally dropped the tough act and tried a softer approach. “Austin, we’re family. Do we really have to take it this far? Look, I screwed up. But can’t you cut me some slack, just this once?”
In the past, his silver tongue had helped him turn situations around and distort the truth. But now, with all the evidence stacked against him, there was no room for denial.
Once he was thrown into prison, getting out would be nearly impossible. Left with no choice, he had to swallow his pride and beg for mercy.
“Cut you some slack?” Austin scoffed. “If I let you go today, does that mean I should let every criminal go too? What’s the point of having laws in West Lucozia if they’re not enforced?”
“How can you compare me to them? I’m your uncle, a member of the Rhys family,” Langdon said earnestly.” We share the same blood. How can you lump me in with outsiders?”
“I once respected you as an elder and gave you the chance to admit your mistakes, but you didn’t cherish it. Now you want to play the family card?” Austin’s voice turned. ” It’s too late for that.”
“I messed up, I really did. Just give me one more chance. I swear I’ll change and live honestly from now on,” Langdon pleaded desperately.
“You’re not sorry for what you did. You just regret getting caught.” Austin’s expression remained cold. “A man like you, who is corrupt, ruthless, and treats human lives like nothing, deserves no mercy.”
“Austin-”
Langdon tried to speak again, but Austin cut him off. “Axel, what are you waiting for? Take him away.”
“Yes, Your Highness!”
Axel no longer hesitated. He restrained Langdon and dragged him out.
“Austin! Austin!”
Langdon turned pale with fear as he screamed and begged for mercy. But Austin simply watched with an indifferent gaze.
As Langdon was dragged toward the door, his fear turned to rage. He dropped all pretense and roared, “Austin! You ungrateful bastard! You’re a disgrace to the family. I hope you rot in hell!”
His furious screams echoed through the reception hall even after he was dragged away.
Austin’s expression remained cold. As his icy gaze swept over the room, the royal advisors lowered their heads, visibly shaken.
When they first walked in, they had thought of Austin as nothing more than an inexperienced young man. They acted respectful, but deep down, they looked down on him.
However, after witnessing that day’s events, they realized just how wrong they had been. The young man in his early 20s had a sharp mind, a calculating nature, and a ruthless efficiency in dealing with his enemies.
He had given them evidence, reason, and a chance to repent. If they had admitted their mistakes sincerely, they might have been spared.
But if they were too stubborn to repent, the consequences were severe. At best, their assets would be confiscated, or at worst, they would be executed.
Langdon, who had just been thrown into Grimhold Keep, was the perfect example. If even a blood relative could be thrown into prison without hesitation, what hope did the rest of them have?
“Do any of you… have anything to say?” Austin asked coldly, breaking the silence.
At that moment, several older royal advisors exchanged glances. Loud thuds echoed in the room as they dropped to their knees.
“We admit our wrongdoings. We are willing to turn ourselves in and beg for leniency, Your Highness.”
Seeing their elders take the lead, the other advisors didn’t dare to resist anymore and quickly dropped to their knees to confess. They knew that confessing could mean a lighter punishment.
They understood that trying to lie their way out would only enrage Austin and worsen their punishment. The only way to survive was to admit guilt and hope for mercy.
“Hmph! At least some of you know how to read the situation,” Austin said coldly. “I’ll give you a chance. Go to Axel and confess your crimes. That way, I won’t have to waste my time and energy digging up evidence.”
“Thank you, Your Highness, for your mercy!”
The royal advisors bowed as they breathed a sigh of relief.
As long as Austin didn’t investigate thoroughly or uncover their darkest secrets, they still had a chance to turn things around. By allowing them to confess on their own, Austin had already shown them considerable leniency.
At worst, they would step down and retire to the countryside, keeping what assets they had. That was far better than being imprisoned or executed.
“Get out.”
Austin waved them off impatiently, sending the crowd out the door.
Politics had its rules. Embezzling some money wasn’t unforgivable as long as it didn’t involve murder or treason. Those could be dealt with more lightly.
But Langdon had brought this upon himself. He had committed countless crimes, flaunted his power, and acted as if he was untouchable. If someone like him wasn’t punished, what was the point of the laws in West Lucozia?
It didn’t matter if he was a distant relative of the Rhys family. Even direct descendants who defied public outrage had to be dealt with accordingly.
###Chapter 2493
As night fell, darkness crept across the city. Inside a modest residence, Warrick sat on the bed with his eyes closed. He was meditating to restore his energy.
After a day of recovery, he had expelled nearly all of the Tranqurin from his system. It was no longer a serious concern.
However, the city was under lockdown. All the major roads were blocked and wanted posters with his face were plastered everywhere. Though his strength had returned, he still couldn’t escape from Celestria.
So, he had no choice but to lay low and wait for the storm to pass. As for the original owner of the house, he was nothing more than a corpse now.
Suddenly, there was a sharp knock at the door.
Warrick’s eyes snapped open, and his hand instinctively reached for the sword beside him.
“Who is it?”
In the living room, the Red Legion guards tensed up. Two of them quietly drew their blades, positioning themselves on either side of the door.
“It’s me.”
A familiar voice rang out.
The guards immediately exhaled in relief. One of them peeked through the door’s narrow gap. After confirming it was their ally, they quickly unlocked the door.
Standing outside was a plain-looking man dressed in black. At first glance, he seemed unremarkable, but his eyes were razor-sharp.
“Geralt Finns! It’s already so late. What took you so long? We thought something happened to you,” Kalen Juggs, a burly man with a thick beard, grumbled.
“There were too many patrols on the way. If I hadn’t been careful, I might not have made it back at all,” Geralt explained. He removed his hat, then reached for the cup of water on the table and drank it in one go.
“So, did you complete the mission?” Kalen asked, leaning toward the door to ensure no one had followed Geralt before shutting it firmly.
“Yes. I made contact with our reinforcement. They’ve agreed to help us leave the city tonight,” Geralt reported.
“That’s great. I’ll inform Sir Prescott right away.” Kalen’s face lit up with excitement.
Just as he turned toward the bedroom, the door swung open.
The imposing Warrick stepped out, his complexion no longer pale.
“No need. I heard everything,” he said. He studied Geralt for a moment, then gave a satisfied nod. “Good work. If we manage to escape, you’ll deserve all the credit.”
“I was only doing my duty. I don’t dare claim any merit,” Geralt replied humbly.
“You are the ones I trust the most,” Warrick said, scanning the people before him. “No matter what happens-whether we leave Celestria or even West Lucozia-I will make sure you live in wealth and comfort for the rest of your lives.”
“Thank you, Sir Prescott.” The four Red Legion guards saluted him in unison.
“Geralt, anything happening outside?” Warrick asked.
“The streets are nearly empty, and patrols are everywhere. Every major checkpoint is heavily guarded. Without a royal badge, there’s no way in or out,” Geralt explained.
Then, as if remembering something important, he added, “Oh, and I think I saw General Steele today.”
“General Steele?” Warrick raised his eyebrows. “Which one?”
“Draken Guardians-Jaxon Steele,” Geralt said grimly.
At the mention of that name, the room fell into stunned silence. Even Warrick’s expression darkened.
The Draken Guardians’ reputation was well -known throughout the military. They were widely regarded as West Lucozia’s most elite force. Any one of them could hold the rank of a general in any other unit.
And their commander, Jaxon, was in a league of his own. His strength was unfathomable-even at his peak, Warrick wasn’t confident he could defeat Jaxon. If the Draken Guardians ever cornered them, there would be no escape.
“Are you sure it was Jaxon Steele? You didn’t mistake him for someone else?” Kalen asked cautiously.
Geralt thought for a moment, then nodded firmly. “I met him once before, and the man I saw today was definitely him. There’s no mistake.”
“Then, that’s bad news.” Kalen frowned.
If they were up against ordinary patrols, they could force their way through. But facing Jaxon and the Draken Guardians was an entirely different beast. Even if the entire Red Legion were present, they might be unable to hold their ground.
“So what if the Draken Guardians have shown up?” Warrick scoffed. “As long as our reinforcements arrive on time, not even the Draken Guardians can stop us.”
The Draken Guardians might be formidable, but Warrick had powerful allies of his own. If a battle broke out, the outcome was far from certain.
“Sir Prescott, who exactly is coming to help us?” Kalen asked curiously.
“Why do you ask so many questions?” Warrick shot him a look. “You’ll find out soon enough.”
“My apologies.” Kalen smiled awkwardly.
“Eat something and rest while you can. We may be in for a tough fight tonight.”. Warrick glanced out the window at the darkening sky.
If he could slip out of Celestria under the cover of chaos, escaping West Lucozia wouldn’t be a problem. But if things went south, they’d have no choice but to fight for their lives.
###Chapter 2494
As night deepened, the streets were nearly empty under the city’s full lockdown, save for uniformed patrols. The few civilians who were out walked hurriedly, afraid of drawing trouble.
At that moment, a ten-man patrol unit approached the small courtyard where Warrick was hiding.
Leading them was Mulder Frank, a burly man with a buzz cut. After ensuring the street was clear, he stepped forward and knocked on the courtyard door.
The knocking followed a distinct rhythm, like a secret code. After the first knock, there was no response, so he knocked twice more.
On the third knock, the gate finally creaked open a crack. A shadowed figure inside revealed only half their face and muttered in a low, deep voice, “The sun shines bright in the sky.”
Without missing a beat, Mulder responded, “I raise my glass and ask the blue sky.”
It was the secret code they had set up beforehand.
“Come in, gentlemen. Sir Prescott has been expecting you.”
The courtyard door swung open, and Kalen gestured for them to enter.
Mulder nodded and led his team inside.
Once they were all in, Kalen poked his head out to scan the street. After confirming that there was nothing suspicious, he quickly closed the door.
At that moment, the residence door opened.
Warrick, accompanied by several of his personal guards, stepped out. He immediately recognized the uniforms they wore as those of the City Defenders.
After the enforcement team had taken over, the City Defenders had undergone a complete restructuring. All officials linked to Huxley had been placed under house arrest.
So, Warrick’s former contacts were no longer useful to him. However, it was clear that Huxley had already planted inside agents within the City Defenders, which were now proving invaluable.
“Sir Prescott, Lord Poseidon sent us to assist you,” Mulder said with a respectful salute.
“Poseidon?”
The Red Legion guards glanced at one another, and their faces betrayed their shock. They had all heard of Poseidon one of the four royal Gods of the Hall of Gods.
A sworn enemy of West Lucozia.
The guards hadn’t expected Warrick to have ties to the Hall of Gods. To them, such dealings bordered on treason.
But on second thought, given their dire situation, only a force as powerful as the Hall of Gods could get them safely out of Celestria.
“You have a way to get us out?” Warrick asked tentatively.
“Of course.”
Mulder gestured, and one of his men stepped forward to present a City Defender uniform with both hands.
“I’ve already made the necessary arrangements,” Mulder said. “Put this on and come with us. We’ll get you out of the city without a problem.”
“Just one uniform?” Warrick glanced at his four guards. “What about them?”
“My orders were to escort you alone. Their fate is none of my concern,” Mulder replied flatly.
“It’s just a few extra sets of clothes. Is it really that big of a deal?” Kalen couldn’t help but speak up.
One uniform or five-what difference did it make? They were all just trying to survive, so a little flexibility shouldn’t be too much to ask.
“It’s not just about the uniforms,” Mulder said. “Even if I could get more, I wouldn’t give them to you.”
“Why not?” Kalen frowned.
“Every patrol unit has a fixed number of men. I’ve secured one extra spot, just enough for Sir Prescott. If the rest of you try to blend in, it’ll raise suspicion. And if we get exposed, getting out of Celestria won’t be easy.” Mulder’s face remained unreadable.
“You little-”
Kalen was about to argue when one of his comrades held him back and said, “Our safety doesn’t matter. As long as you can get Sir Prescott out of the city safely, we’ll figure out the rest on our own.”
Mulder nodded and said nothing. He turned to Warrick and said, “We don’t have much time. Let’s go.”
Warrick frowned, displeased with the arrangement. These men had fought by his side for years, standing with him through life and death. Abandoning them now felt like a betrayal of everything he stood for.
“Sir Prescott, don’t worry about us. Just leave. We’ll find a way out on our own,” one of them said reassuringly.
“The patrol shift is about to change soon.
If we miss this opportunity, we’ll have to wait until tomorrow,” Mulder reminded him.
“This is your only chance, Sir Prescott. You have to leave now,” Geralt urged.
“That’s right,” the other guard chimed in.
“Every minute you stay here puts you in more danger. If you’re safe, we can regroup and fight another day.”
Finally, Warrick nodded. He stopped hesitating and quickly put on the uniform.
“Let’s go,” he said.
“Hold on…” Mulder cast a cold glance at the four Red Legion guards. “Sir Prescott, these men are a liability. If we leave them behind and they report us to the enemy, we’ll be in trouble.”
“What?” Warrick’s expression darkened. ”
What do you mean by that?”
###Chapter 2495
“To avoid trouble, the four guards must die,” Mulder said bluntly.
The four Red Legion guards instantly turned pale upon hearing that.
Even Warrick frowned, his face darkening.
“What nonsense are you spouting? They are my personal guards, my brothers-in-arms. How could they possibly betray me?”
“You never really know who you can trust. Betrayal happens all the time-even between comrades. For your safety, we can’t take that risk,” Mulder said solemnly.
“A warrior can be killed but never disgraced. We’ve followed Sir Prescott for years, through life and death. No matter the cost-even if it’s our lives-we would never betray him,” Geralt said.
“That’s right. Don’t judge loyal men by your own petty standards,” Kalen snapped.
Hmph! Scum like you could never understand the bond between men who have fought and bled together,” another added.
They responded to Mulder’s words with a mix of anger and disdain.
These men were Warrick’s personal guards -battle-hardened and fiercely loyal. They had faced life-and-death trials and wouldn’t hesitate to lay down their lives for him.
From the day they joined the Red Legion to the moment they were chosen as Warrick’s personal guards, one belief had been drilled into them-his safety came before everything.
Not just their own lives-even if all their families’ lives were added together, they still wouldn’t measure up to Warrick’s importance. Loyalty and duty bound these Red Legion guards, but so did the unforgiving military code.
If Warrick fell, they were expected to take their own lives in atonement, and their families wouldn’t be spared either. That was why betrayal had never even crossed their minds.
“I may not care for your so-called brotherhood, but I understand human nature-and pain,” Mulder said coldly.
He continued, “If any of you get caught, no matter how tough you think you are, you won’t withstand the tortures inside Grimhold Keep. So, don’t bother arguing with me because I used to work there. I’ve seen too many real-life examples, and there has never been a single exception.”
The punishments in Grimhold Keep were beyond what most people could imagine.
Anyone who hadn’t experienced them could never fully grasp the depth of suffering and despair.
Plenty of so-called tough guys went in cursing and acting like they had nothing to lose, but those were usually the first to break and rarely made it past half a day.
In that place, dying was a privilege, but most prisoners weren’t given that option. They couldn’t live, but they weren’t allowed to die either.
One of the most infamous cases ten years ago involved a serial rapist who had assaulted over 100 women and even murdered the daughter of a high-ranking official.
He had been imprisoned in Grimhold Keep for three years, tortured beyond recognition, and eventually turned into a living corpse. His suffering only ended when the official’s rage had subsided.
Having witnessed so much bloodshed, Mulder had no faith in human resilience. He didn’t believe anyone could withstand the interrogation techniques used in Grimhold Keep.
At the mention of that place, the Red Legion guards fell silent, and their earlier defiance faded. Though they had never seen the place themselves, they knew well enough how terrifying it was. It wasn’t a place where anyone walked out whole.
If they were truly captured and sent there, could they endure the torture? None of them could say for sure.
“Sir Prescott, for your own safety, make a decision,” Mulder said.
Warrick lowered his head, and his face was clouded with uncertainty.
“If you can’t do it, I can take care of it for you,” Mulder added.
“No need.” A cold glint flashed in Warrick’s eyes. “They’re my men. I’ll do it myself.”
He drew his blade and swung it at the four men before him. The blade swept across in a blinding arc, fast as a lightning strike.
The four guards shuddered as red lines bloomed across their throats.
“Sir Prescott… you…”
Kalen’s eyes widened in shock. He barely had time to speak before the red line on his neck split open. Blood gushed out, and his head tumbled to the ground.
The other three met the same fate, their eyes filled with disbelief even in death.
They had never expected Warrick to be so ruthless-to kill them without hesitation.
They had been prepared to die for Warrick, but they had never expected to be killed by him.
“I’m sorry,” Warrick murmured as he looked at the lifeless bodies at his feet. “I owe you in this life. In the next, I’ll repay you double.”
Mulder smiled. “Fast and ruthless-just what I’d expect from a man like you, Sir Prescott.”
Men like Warrick, hardened by war and countless battles, never showed mercy. They carved their way through blood and death.
Mulder hadn’t expected Warrick to be so ruthless. He’d assumed Warrick would leave the dirty work to him. However, Warrick had handled it himself.
“Save your breath,” Warrick said coldly. ” If I don’t make it out of Celestria today, none of you will.”
“Don’t worry, Sir Prescott. Everything has been arranged,” Mulder said with a smirk. “If all goes according to plan, you will be out of West Lucozia by tomorrow morning.
“That better be the case.” The murderous glint in Warrick’s eyes gradually faded.
“Sir Prescott, this way.”
Mulder signaled his men to open the courtyard gate. Then, he led the group out in an orderly fashion.
Now wearing a City Defenders uniform, Warrick blended in seamlessly with the patrol. As long as they didn’t run into anyone who knew him, no one would question it.
###Chapter 2496
With Mulder leading the way, Warrick-disguised as a member of the City Defenders-walked openly through the streets.
Night had fallen, and the streets were eerily empty-not a single soul was in sight. Only heavily armed patrols moved through the city:
Every checkpoint along the main road was heavily guarded. Even the patrol squads had to show their emblems to pass.
Warrick walked at the back of the group. His hat was pulled low so that it covered half his face. In the darkness, it was nearly impossible to make out his features unless someone got close.
“Austin is more meticulous than I expected,” he muttered. “If it weren’t for the Hall of Gods’ undercover agents helping me, I’d never make it out of Celestria.”
Seeing sentries stationed openly on the streets and hidden in the alleys, Warrick felt a chill crawl down his spine. In less than two miles, they had already passed seven or eight checkpoints.
In addition to the heavily guarded checkpoints on the main roads, countless hidden sentries kept a constant watch on the streets. At the first sign of trouble, they’d move in immediately.
Warrick had initially planned to slip out of the city with his guards if he couldn’t make contact with his allies. With his level of cultivation, escaping Celestria should have been possible.
But now, he realized how naive that plan had been.
With the city under lockdown-guards stationed every ten steps and hidden sentries every hundred-sneaking out was nearly impossible.
If he were spotted, the entire city’s forces would descend on him. Even with his extraordinary abilities, breaking through such a tight encirclement would be a hopeless task.
The streets were silent, and no one in the group spoke. Even when they passed other patrols, there was no exchange of words-just a simple nod before moving along.
And just like that, Warrick blended seamlessly into the patrol team as they made their way toward the outer city.
After nearly three hours of walking, they were stopped at the final checkpoint just as they were about to exit the inner city.
This was the central passage between the inner and outer city-the most critical checkpoint.
Since the lockdown, vehicles had been prohibited from entering the inner city.
The only way to get a ride was to reach the outer city.
The border between the two was heavily guarded, with troops stationed to prevent anyone from slipping through unnoticed.
While City Defender patrols could move freely within the inner city, their authority didn’t extend to the outer city. As Mulder led the group toward the checkpoint, the hundred or so elite guards on duty immediately grew alert.
“Stop right there! The City Defenders are only responsible for inner city security. What are you doing here?”
Colton Dane, the guard captain, fixed them with a razor-sharp gaze. His tone was firm and commanding. As he spoke, his hand rested on the hilt of his sword.
The surrounding guards mirrored his stance, their piercing gaze locked onto Mulder and his team.
Warrick frowned slightly and silently channeled his energy.
Everything had gone smoothly up to this point. They’d passed through every checkpoint without issue. He hadn’t expected to be stopped at the final checkpoint.
Did someone notice something?
“Sir Prescott, no need to be nervous. This is just standard procedure. Leave it to me,” Mulder murmured before striding toward Colton with a friendly grin. “Mr. Dane, it’s me. Mulder.”
“Mulder?”
Colton’s sharp gaze lingered on him before his expression gradually relaxed.
“What are you doing here?” he asked. “I remember your unit was assigned to patrol the inner city. Without deployment orders, you’re not supposed to leave.”
“I’m just following orders from above, Mr. Dane. I was told to take care of something in the outer city,” Mulder replied. Then, he asked with a grin, “Could you do me a favor and let us through?”
“We all work for the government, so you know the rules. Right now, the entire city is under strict lockdown. Without an emblem, you’re not authorized to pass.”
Colton kept a straight face.
Under normal circumstances, bending the rules wasn’t a big deal. At worst, it might just earn him a reprimand.
But now things were different. The whole city was under lockdown, and there was a manhunt going on. A single mistake could cost him his position-or worse, land him in prison.
His future and safety were on the line. There was no room for errors.
“Of course, Mr. Dane. I’d never put you in a tough spot.” Mulder chuckled and took out a bronze emblem from his coat. “This is a direct order from Axel Cruz of the enforcement team. I’m just carrying out his instructions.”
“Mr. Cruz?” Colton took the emblem and studied it closely. Once he confirmed it was genuine, he handed it back. “Why did Mr. Cruz send you to the outer city in the middle of the night?”
“It’s not that I’m trying to be secretive, but this is a sensitive matter. Mr. Cruz explicitly ordered me not to reveal anything, or I could lose my position. I hope you understand,” Mulder answered in a low voice.
“If this is Mr. Cruz’s order, I won’t press further.”
Colton gave Mulder and his group a once-over before turning back to his men. With a wave of his hand, he ordered, “Clear the checkpoint and let them through!”
As soon as he gave the command, the guards quickly pulled back the barricade blocking the road and cleared a path.
“Thanks, Mr. Dane.” Mulder smiled and gave a respectful nod.
Colton nodded in return but said nothing.
“Alright, let’s move,” Mulder instructed, gesturing to his men and leading them forward.
But just as they were about to pass through the checkpoint, Colton’s gaze fell on the last person in line.
“Stop right there!” he barked.
That order made Mulder and the others immediately tense up.
###Chapter 2497
“Stop right there!” Colton suddenly shouted and stopped Mulder just as he was about to pass through the checkpoint.
In an instant, everyone tensed up. Mulder’s hand instinctively moved to the hilt of his blade, and Warrick clenched his fists, ready for a fight.
“Mr. Dane, is there a problem?” Mulder turned, smiling calmly.
“Are these men your soldiers?” Colton’s gaze swept over the men, scanning each one from the front to the back.
“Of course. I trained them myself.” Mulder nodded, the easy smile still plastered on his face.
“Show me their ID badges. I need to check them one by one.”
“Is that really necessary? I’m in a bit of a hurry to carry out my mission.”
“I’m just doing my duty, and I’d appreciate your cooperation,” Colton replied, his gaze unwavering.
“Mr. Dane, it’s not like we just met. Do you still not trust me?” Mulder’s eyes narrowed slightly. “Besides, I have Mr. Cruz’s signed authorization right here. Even if you won’t do me a favor, surely you wouldn’t disrespect him, right?”
Colton frowned and looked hesitant. He didn’t mind offending Mulder, but crossing Axel could spell trouble for his career. Still, if he didn’t check carefully and something went wrong, he’d be the one held accountable.
After a few moments of deliberation, Colton stood his ground. “Rules are rules. Please show me the ID badges.”
Mulder’s smile slowly faded. “Since you insist, I guess we have no choice but to comply.”
He turned to the dozen or so men behind him and gave them a subtle nod. “Show your IDs to Mr. Dane.”
The men remained silent as they pulled out their badges.
Colton stepped past Mulder and began inspecting their badges, starting from the front. The first ten men checked out without issue. But when he reached the last man, the other party stood with nothing in his hand.
“Hmm? Where’s your badge?” Colton frowned.
The man at the end of the line was unusually large, and his towering frame made him impossible to miss. His face, partially hidden by a thick beard, carried a rugged and intimidating appearance.
As Colton stepped closer, he caught a faint scent of blood on the man.
“I didn’t bring it,” the man muttered.
“You didn’t bring it?”
Colton slowly raised his head. In the dim moonlight, he suddenly realized the man’s face looked familiar-like he had seen him somewhere before. But with his head lowered and his high collar hiding half his face, it was hard to be sure.
“Look up!” Colton ordered, now on high alert. His hand instinctively moved to the hilt of his sword.
“So, you saw through it after all.”
The man slowly raised his head, revealing his face.
It was none other than Warrick.
“You…”
Colton’s expression changed drastically. Just as he was about to draw his sword, Warrick struck-his hand pierced straight through Colton’s chest and ripped out a bloody heart.
Colton’s body jerked; his face froze in terror.
“I told you to let us through, but you just had to get in the way,” Warrick snarled with a wicked grin. “You’re getting paid peanuts for this job. Why risk your life over it?”
With a flick of his wrist, he hurled Colton’s body more than ten yards away. The lifeless body skidded across the ground, leaving a long, dark smear of blood in its wake.
For a brief moment, the checkpoint guards stood frozen as they struggled to process what had just happened.
They were stunned by the sight. None of them had expected a member of the City Defenders to suddenly attack and kill someone at the slightest disagreement.
“Attack!”
Mulder was already prepared. Without hesitation, he drew his blade and charged into the crowd.
The dozen or so skilled men behind him didn’t hesitate and drew their weapons as they joined the slaughter.
“Enemy incoming! We’re under attack!”
The checkpoint guards finally snapped out of their daze. They drew their weapons and clashed with Mulder and his men.
At the same time, a piercing horn cut through the night air and echoed across half the inner city. It was the signal that they were under attack.
Once the horn sounded, it meant they had encountered a strong enemy. All nearby patrols, including the guards, were required to rush in for backup right away.
“You must have a death wish.”
Warrick appeared in a flash before the guard who had sounded the horn and slammed a fist into his chest.
The guard’s body exploded like a watermelon hit by a cannonball. Blood and flesh rained down, scattering across the ground along with the shattered remains of the horn.
Though the horn had been silenced, the commotion had already caused a stir. Soldiers began pouring toward the checkpoint from all directions.
Warrick didn’t care. His fists struck like hammers as he charged into the crowd and started his massacre. Ever since he became a fugitive, he had been bottling up his rage, and now he was finally letting loose.
As a powerhouse halfway to becoming an ultimate grandmaster, Warrick was in a league of his own. Dealing with ordinary soldiers was like slicing through melons-one punch, one kill. In just two minutes, more than half of the hundred guards lay dead or dying.
“Sir Prescott, it’s not safe to linger. We need to retreat now.”
Mulder saw the tide turning and quickly grabbed Warrick’s arm to stop his rampage.
While the hundred or so guards were not a threat, the endless stream of reinforcements was another matter. If they got surrounded, escaping would become nearly impossible.
###Chapter 2498
“Damn it!” Warrick cursed. “I was just getting started.”
He was covered in blood. His eyes burned with a wild, excited gleam.
Warrick lived for the fight. After two days in hiding, he was itching to let loose-and now that he had, he wasn’t ready to stop.
“Sir Prescott, think about the bigger picture. If we don’t leave now, it’ll be too late,” Mulder urged, grabbing his arm.
At the far end of the street, dark figures were already visible in the distance, rushing toward them. Though Warrick still seemed reluctant, he quickly calmed down.
“Fall back!” he shouted.
With that, he and Mulder charged past the checkpoint and led a handful of battered soldiers into the outer city.
Unlike the inner city, the outer city had much weaker defenses. The sheer size of the area made it impossible to secure every corner, so only the main thoroughfares had a strong military presence.
Mulder had already mapped out their escape route and prepared the gear.
According to the original plan-if they hadn’t drawn any unwanted attention they’d leave the inner city by car and make a clean getaway.
But if they couldn’t make it out of the city or if their cover was blown, they’d have to use the backup plan-the secret tunnels.
The Hall of Gods had secretly dug several underground tunnels in the outer city, each leading from the inner city to the outside.
These tunnels were invaluable, and the Hall of Gods rarely used them under normal circumstances. If war broke out, these tunnels could change the tide of battles.
As a core member of the Hall of Gods, Mulder hadn’t planned on using the secret tunnels to escape-doing so risked exposing them.
But after the chaos just now, he had no choice. At that moment, survival was his only priority.
Following Mulder’s lead, the group sprinted through the dark streets. Half an hour later, they finally reached an unremarkable house. They slipped inside, wiped away the bloodstains, and changed into fresh clothes.
After lingering in the hideout for a few minutes, Mulder signaled for them to move. They slipped out quietly and headed into the Central Village.
The area was a tangled mess of run-down buildings packed tightly together, with narrow alleys and winding streets that could easily confuse anyone unfamiliar with it.
Mulder had clearly been here before. He wove through the maze of alleys and twisting paths with practiced ease.
Warrick soon found himself dizzy and completely disoriented. Just as he was starting to lose his patience, Mulder suddenly veered into a small Strequan-style house with a courtyard.
The others immediately followed, copying his every move.
Once inside the house, Mulder entered the living room and peeled back the rug beneath the coffee table, revealing a hidden trapdoor. He hooked two fingers into the holes, gave a firm tug, and pulled it open.
The trapdoor slowly creaked open, revealing a dark passage leading underground. Standing at the tunnel entrance, they could feel a cool breeze drifting up from the tunnel.
“Sir Prescott, after you.” Mulder gestured toward the tunnel.
“You go first,” Warrick replied, peering into the darkness. It was pitch-black, and it was impossible to see anything.
“You’re as cautious as ever, Sir Prescott,” Mulder said with a faint smile. Without hesitation, he led his men into the darkness.
Warrick followed closely behind, his senses on high alert. They might be allies for now, but that didn’t mean he fully trusted Mulder.
Caution never killed a man, but recklessness did. Warrick wasn’t going to entrust his life to someone he barely knew.
In the outer city, countless patrol squads began scouring the area to track down Warrick and the others.
Axel rushed to the scene with his elite troops as soon as he received the news. He was determined to make up for his earlier failure.
His gaze swept over the blood-soaked ground, littered with corpses. He frowned, then strode forward and grabbed a lightly wounded guard.
“What happened? How did Warrick suddenly show up here?” he demanded.
The inner city was on lockdown. By all rights, Warrick should have been trapped. It was only a matter of time before they found his hiding spot.
Axel couldn’t understand how Warrick managed to cross a hundred miles and appear right on the border between the inner and outer city.
“It… it was Mr. Mulder Frank.” The guard’s face twisted with grief and rage. “He’s betrayed us. He led the rebels through the checkpoint and killed more than half of our men.”
“What? Mulder?” Axel’s expression darkened. “Are you sure?”
“I’m certain,” the guard growled through clenched teeth. “That guy’s a wolf in sheep’s clothing. I’d recognize him even if he turned to dust.”
“How could this happen?” Axel frowned, and a chill ran down his spine.
Mulder was Axel’s brother-in-law and an officer in the City Defenders.
He was ambitious, responsible, and had no known vices. It was precisely because of that reputation that Axel had no reservations about marrying his sister to him. But never in his wildest dreams did he expect Mulder to be a traitor.
If word of this reached Austin, no amount of explaining would clear Axel’s name.
###Chapter 2499
“Damn you, Mulder! You’ve really screwed me over this time.”
Axel gnashed his teeth as rage boiled inside him. Mulder’s betrayal hadn’t just implicated Axel’s sister, but it had also dragged Axel himself into the mess.
Mulder had climbed the ranks to assistant chief of the City Defenders in just a few years, and Axel had played a major role in backing him.
Now that this mess had blown up, Axel was right in the middle of it. No matter how he tried to explain, he was going to take the fall for it.
“Everyone, follow me! Let’s capture that traitor.”
After learning Mulder’s escape route, Axel waved his hand and led his enforcement team out at full speed.
He had already messed up by failing to capture Warrick, which was a serious lapse in duty. Now, with his brother-in-law openly rebelling against them, things had only gotten worse.
If Axel didn’t turn this situation around and bring those traitors to justice, his days as an enforcement team captain were numbered.
After a thorough search, he finally located the hideout where Mulder and his accomplices had been staying. But by the time they arrived, the place was already deserted. All that remained were a few bloodstained clothes.
“Keep searching. I don’t care if you have to tear this city apart-find them!”
After another dead end, Axel was growing increasingly frustrated and barked out a series of orders.
The enforcement team, City Defenders, and all the other guards sprang into action. They launched a full-scale search centered around the hideout.
Checkpoints were set up at every major route out of the outer city, with additional troops deployed.
Inside the castle, Austin stood in the courtyard. He gazed at the night sky, enjoying the peaceful moment alone.
The news of Warrick forcing his way through the checkpoint reached Austin not long ago. Without the effect of Tranqurin, capturing him would be challenging for the enforcement team. Now, their only chance was to rely on the Draken Guardians and Jaxon.
“Who’s there?”
Austin’s ears twitched as he suddenly sensed something. He turned and looked at the rooftop behind him.
Standing there was a figure clad in black.
The man was tall and imposing, with a subdued yet powerful presence. The darkness obscured his face, making it impossible to identify him.
Austin became vigilant, and his hand instinctively moved toward the hidden weapon at his waist.
Whoever that man was, he’d managed to infiltrate the castle, bypassing all the guards and sentries without raising an alarm. That alone spoke volumes about his skill.
Then, a familiar voice rang out.
“It’s me.”
The figure vanished from the rooftop in a blur. When he reappeared, he was standing directly in front of Austin. The shadows on his face receded, and it revealed a strikingly handsome face.
It was Dustin Rhys.
“Dustin?” Austin was startled for a moment. Then, his face lit up with joy. ” When did you get here? Why didn’t you give me a heads-up?”
“I came as soon as I got your message.”
Dustin skipped the pleasantries and got straight to the point. “What happened? Jovian just arrived in West Lucozia, and he hasn’t pissed anyone off. Why would someone want him dead?”
“Here’s what happened…”
Austin didn’t hide anything. He recounted everything in detail-from the moment Jovian set foot in the castle to the city-wide lockdown, leaving nothing out.
Dustin frowned, and his expression turned somber. “I never thought the officials in West Lucozia had sunk this low. It’s time for a major purge.”
“I am also responsible for Jovian’s death. If I had been more careful and sent someone to protect him, maybe the outcome would have been different.”
Austin sighed. His brother had entrusted him with this task, yet he had botched it. Now, the guilt gnawed at him.
“This isn’t your fault. Blame it on the people who think they’re above the law.”
Dustin’s eyes hardened with cold fury. He assumed that once he gave Austin a heads-up, Jovian’s trip would be uneventful. He never imagined that disaster would strike.
“Warrick is strong, and he had help. He’s still on the run, and catching him won’t be easy. But I’ll mobilize every available resource to track him down. Even if I have to chase him to the ends of the earth, I’ll bring him to justice,” Austin said firmly.
“Celestria is a big city, so hunting down a grandmaster-level martial artist like him won’t be easy. Instead of wasting time on a wild goose chase, why not lure him out?” Dustin suggested.
“Oh? Do you have a plan?” Austin asked, intrigued.
“Where do you think Warrick would go after fleeing Celestria?” Dustin asked.
“He’s spent most of his life in the city. All of his friends and family are in West Lucozia, so he doesn’t have many places to turn to,” Austin replied thoughtfully.
He continued, “Heading to Oakvale would be too risky since he wouldn’t escape pursuit there either. The north is too far, and the climate there is nothing like West Lucozia.
“Given his personality, he’d probably look for a place that’s both prosperous and secure-somewhere our influence can’t reach.”
Austin’s eyes suddenly widened in realization. “I get it now! His first choice would be to flee to Artea in Streuqua.”
“Exactly.” Dustin nodded. “The Hall of Gods in Artea has influence across the globe. They’ve definitely got spies planted in West Lucozia. If Warrick wants to seek refuge, they won’t turn down a grandmaster martial artist who is willing to pledge loyalty.”
Artea had always been at odds with Dragonmarsh, and it wasn’t far from West Lucozia.
From Warrick’s perspective, joining the Hall of Gods for protection would be the best option if he was backed into a corner.
###Chapter 2500
“Here’s the problem-even if we know Warrick’s intentions, how do we stop him?
“Austin asked.
Right now, Warrick had already disappeared without a trace. Austin’s team hadn’t even come close enough to get a hold of him, so there was no way to track him down.
West Lucozia’s vast territory and resources made it impossible to seal off every exit route completely. While it might be manageable in the short term, prolonging such an operation would significantly impact West Lucozia’s economy. Wasting resources on a single fugitive wasn’t a wise move.
“Warrick is a wanted man across the entire city. There’s no way he’s leaving through official channels. He’ll have to sneak his way out,” Dustin analyzed.
He continued, “According to the maritime charts, if he’s traveling from West Lucozia to Artea, he’ll have to go through Thaloria. That’s our lead. Get someone on it immediately-find out how many smuggling routes there are from West Lucozia to Thaloria.”
“Got it. I’ll get it done right away,” Austin replied with a nod. He quickly summoned his guards and relayed the orders.
The castle’s intelligence network worked efficiently. In less than half an hour, a special route map was delivered to Austin.
As he spread it out, he saw dozens of winding paths-all leading from West Lucozia’s border to various docks and ports in Thaloria. However, five of these routes were marked in bright red, which stood out sharply.
These routes weren’t found on any standard map, and few knew they existed. In other words, they were the secret channels used by smugglers. Unscrupulous merchants and corrupt officials had long exploited these routes for profit.
The castle had been aware of them for some time but had chosen not to take action. Cracking down on them would be a massive undertaking.
In some ways, letting them go unchecked had its benefits-it was like allowing a dangerous situation to fester, knowing it would eventually implode.
“Dustin, look-these five routes are the main smuggling paths to Thaloria,” Austin said, pointing at the map. “If your guess is right, Warrick will have to choose one of them. If we set up an ambush at these locations, we’re bound to catch him.”
“Warrick is a grandmaster martial artist, and his senses are razor-sharp. If we send too many troops to lay an ambush, it’ll be too obvious, and we’ll alert him before we get a chance to act,” Dustin replied.
Right now, Warrick was like a startled bird, and the slightest disturbance would send him fleeing.
“Yeah, that’s true.” Austin nodded thoughtfully. “If we mobilize a large force, it’ll tip him off. But if we only send a handful of elite squads, I’m worried we won’t have enough manpower to stop him.
Even after being drugged with Tranqurin, Warrick still managed to escape from the castle. Regular armed forces couldn’t stop him at all.
Only elite troops like the Draken Guardians stood a chance of taking him down. The problem was that there were only about 100 of them. It was nowhere near enough to cover all possible smuggling routes. Splitting them up would only weaken their strength, and that wasn’t a smart move.
On top of that, Warrick had the backing of experts from the Hall of Gods. If it came to a confrontation, the odds of failure were high.
“No need to go through all that trouble,” Dustin said coolly. “Just deploy your forces to seal off four of the routes. As for the rest, leave it to me.”
“I get it now. So, this is what you meant by ‘ lure him out.’ That’s brilliant.” Austin quickly caught on.
By blocking four routes and deliberately leaving one open, they would give Warrick the false hope that he could escape. Dustin would then wait at the exit and capture him the moment he walked into the trap.
It was a clever strategy that wouldn’t raise any suspicion but would guarantee success.
As for whether Dustin could take down Warrick, Austin had never doubted it. Even top-ranked martial artists on the Champ-Tier List had fallen by Dustin’s hand, so what chance did a lowly general like Warrick have?
In the end, Warrick had only himself to blame for provoking the wrong person.
Dawn was breaking, and the search operation in Celestria, the capital of West Lucozia, was still underway.
Although Dustin and Austin already had a plan to capture Warrick, they still had to put on a show to avoid arousing suspicion from the Hall of Gods.
In an old estate outside Celestria, a hidden door behind a bookshelf slowly creaked open as a mechanism clicked into place.
Soon, Mulder stepped out, followed by several subordinates. After scanning their surroundings and confirming they were safe, Mulder turned back and called out, ” All clear, Sir Prescott. You can come out now.”
“Damn it! I was suffocating in there.”
Warrick exited from the secret tunnel, cursing. He looked grimy and haggard.
After spending the entire night navigating the dark, damp tunnel, he finally had a chance to breathe fresh air again.
He slumped into a chair and poured himself a cup of tea. But just as he was about to take a sip, he hesitated and glanced warily at Mulder.
The memory of drinking a drugged tea at the castle a few days ago was still fresh in his mind.
“Don’t worry, Sir Prescott. The tea isn’t drugged.” Mulder smiled, took the cup from Warrick’s hand, and downed it in one gulp.
“Can’t be too careful after what happened.
“Warrick shook his head before drinking the tea.
Suddenly, the sound of footsteps echoed from the doorway.
Warrick’s face tensed. In a flash, his blade was drawn and ready to strike.
###Chapter 2501
“Who is it?” Warrick’s grip tightened around the hilt of his steel blade. His eyes, sharp and alert, were like those of a startled predator-full of caution and menace.
For the past few days, he had been on edge, like a cornered animal. He barely ‘slept and was constantly on high alert, fearing danger would strike at any moment.
The door slowly creaked open. An elderly man with gray hair stepped inside with a tray of fruit and pastries in both hands.
Before he could even register what was happening, a flash of cold steel appeared, and Warrick’s blade was at the elderly man’s throat.
The elderly man trembled with fear. The tray slipped from his grasp, and fruit and pastries scattered on the floor.
“Easy, Sir Prescott. He’s one of us.”
Mulder stepped forward and pressed down on the flat of Warrick’s blade with a finger.
He smiled and explained, “His name’s Leigh Houston. He’s mute and has served the Hall of Gods for years. He keeps watch over this tunnel entrance and has never slipped up.”
“He’s mute?” Warrick gave Leigh a once-over. Only after confirming he wasn’t a threat did he finally lower his blade.
Mulder glanced at Leigh and asked in a low voice, “Did you notice anything unusual lately?”
Leigh shook his head, then quickly signed something with his hands.
Warrick frowned. “What’s he saying?”
“He says this place is so remote that no strangers have come near, so we’re safe,” Mulder explained.
The Hall of Gods had chosen this location as the exit for their secret tunnel for a reason. It was a remote mountain village, isolated and sparsely populated. Most of the residents were either elderly or children, as the young adults had long
since moved to the city for work. 1
The rugged terrain and dense forests made it an ideal escape route. If trouble came knocking, slipping into the woods would make it easy to shake off any pursuers. It was a perfect temporary hideout.
“It’s good to be safe, but right now, I’m hungry. Tell him to bring me some food,” Warrick grunted.
“Leigh, get us some food,” Mulder instructed. “We’re going to have a nice, hearty meal.”
Leigh nodded, though a flicker of fear crossed his eyes. He glanced at Warrick and then quickly turned to leave.
An hour later, the table was set with a spread of food. It wasn’t particularly fancy, but the portions were generous, and nearly everything was meat-cured fish, smoked pork, sausages, chicken, and duck.
Still, caution was Warrick’s second nature.
Before taking his first bite, he gestured for Leigh and Mulder to taste the food first.
Only after they confirmed it was safe did he tear into his meal like a starving wolf.
Under normal circumstances, Warrick wouldn’t have spared a second glance at such rustic fare. But now, hunger gnawed at him, and he ate with relish, grease dripping from his lips.
Since becoming a fugitive, he’d barely had a proper meal. With a feast in front of him, refinement was the last thing on his mind.
After a hearty meal and a few drinks, Warrick finally got down to business. “We may have escaped Celestria, but we’re still in West Lucozia. The longer we stay, the greater the risk. I need the Hall of Gods to arrange for me to leave the country as soon as possible.”
“Stay calm, Sir Prescott. This place is safe for the time being,” Mulder replied with a reassuring smile. “Besides, even if we’re planning to leave West Lucozia, we need to prepare thoroughly. Acting recklessly without a proper plan could lead to disaster.”
“So, what’s your plan?” Warrick pressed.
“Given that you’re now a fugitive, leaving West Lucozia through official channels is out of the question. Your only option is to sneak across the border,” Mulder explained, taking a sip of tea.
“Sneak across the border?” Warrick frowned slightly. “If I remember correctly, Thaloria lies between West Lucozia and Artea. Wouldn’t that mean we’d have to go through Thaloria first?”
“That’s right.” Mulder nodded. “The Hall of Gods has a strong presence in Thaloria. Once you make it there, you won’t have to keep hiding. You’ll be free to travel openly to Artea and start a new life.”
“If that’s the case, then I have no complaints. But which route do you have in mind? How safe is it?” Warrick pressed.
“I’ve narrowed it down to five lesser-known smuggling routes. Before we make a final decision, I’ll send people to scout them out-just to be safe,” Mulder replied.
“Great. I like the way you handle things. Once I’ve established myself in Artea, you won’t go unrewarded,” Warrick said with a satisfied nod.
“In the meantime, you should get some rest. Once the time is right, we’ll leave the country,” Mulder responded.
“Fine. Get me a room. I need a good night’s sleep. And tell everyone not to bother me until I wake up.”
Warrick looked visibly more relaxed. Now that he had escaped Celestria, the immediate danger had passed.
With Mulder handling the arrangements, there was nothing left for Warrick to worry about. At last, he could get some proper rest.
###Chapter 2502
After a hearty meal, the burly Warrick sprawled lazily onto the bed and dozed off. He slept soundly till dusk, lost in a deep dream. When the sky was painted in brilliant hues of the setting sun, only then did he wake up leisurely.
The exhaustion from the previous day seemed to have melted away. He felt invigorated, refreshed, and in high spirits.
At that moment, Leigh had already set the table in the hall with quiet efficiency. Compared to the first meal, this spread was far more lavish.
At the center of the table sat a whole roasted pig. Its golden-brown skin glistened with a rich, crispy sheen. The mouthwatering aroma filled the room, making it impossible not to crave a bite.
Warrick had never been one for formalities. The moment he saw the feast, he didn’t hesitate. He strode over, took a seat, and started digging in. He ate with zero restraint without sparing a single thought for Mulder, who was still out gathering intel.
After a while, half of the roast pig was gone. His face was smeared with grease, and he occasionally let out a satisfied belch.
Just then, the tightly shut door creaked open.
Mulder and his men returned, looking weary from the road..
Seeing Warrick feasting alone, his face slick with grease, Mulder wasn’t annoyed. Instead, he sat beside him and started eating as well.
His subordinates could only watch hungrily from the sidelines and didn’t dare to overstep their bounds.
“Well? Did you find anything useful?”
Warrick asked.
For now, he had eaten his fill. He set down his fork and knife, let out a loud belch, then grabbed a nearby towel and casually wiped the grease.
“I’ve got good news and bad news. Which one do you want first, Sir Prescott?”
Mulder deliberately kept him in suspense.
“The bad news,” Warrick said.
Mulder replied, “The bad news is that West Lucozia’s forces are conducting a full-scale manhunt for you. They’re combing every city and village, leaving no stone unturned. If nothing unexpected happens, they’ll find this place within two days.”
“So, you’re saying we only have two days?” Warrick narrowed his eyes.
“That’s not all,” Mulder added. “West Lucozia’s military has locked down every port and dock, and they’ve even seized control of several smuggling routes.”
“Hm?” Warrick frowned. “So, you’re telling me there’s no way out?”
“It won’t be easy, but there’s still a chance, “Mulder replied. “I had someone look into it. Four of the five smuggling routes we planned have already been compromised. With West Lucozia’s forces patrolling the area, trying to slip through would be too risky.
“But the good news is that there’s still one last hidden route that is yet to be discovered by them, so we can use it to escape.”
“Then, what are we waiting for? Let’s move,” Warrick said urgently.
With four out of five routes already blocked, they couldn’t afford to waste any time. If they didn’t act soon, even the last remaining path might be discovered. And if that happened, escaping West Lucozia would become nearly impossible.
“Sir Prescott, don’t be so hasty. Let me finish.”
Mulder paused briefly before continuing, ” While it’s good news that there’s another escape route, we can’t rule out the possibility that this is a trap set by Austin. He might have left this opening deliberately to lure us out, only to spring the trap at the last moment and take us all down.”
“A trap?” Warrick stroked his chin and scoffed. “Austin’s just a greenhorn. Sure, he’s witty, but there’s no way he could pull something like that. You’re worrying too much.”
“This concerns our lives, so we can’t afford to be careless,” Mulder replied seriously.
Warrick nodded thoughtfully at his words.
Caution was the key to survival. The more critical the situation, the more important it was to stay calm and think clearly. Acting recklessly could ruin everything-a lesson he had learned through years of warfare.
“Since you’re worried, why not send someone ahead to check if there’s any danger?” Warrick suggested.
“I’ve already sent two unfamiliar faces to investigate, but it’ll take some time. For safety’s sake, I’m afraid you’ll have to wait a little longer,” Mulder replied.
“You’ve got everything arranged, so I’ll leave it at that. But let me remind you-don’t drag your feet. If we miss our chance and the West Lucozia army seals off the last smuggling route, we’ll be trapped here for good,” Warrick said sternly.
Caution was necessary, but in times like these, bold action was equally important. If they hesitated now, regret would come too late.
“Sir Prescott, please rest for a while. I’ll have an answer for you tonight,” Mulder assured him.
“It better be the right one,” Warrick replied before returning to his meal.
He had already prepared for the worst. Even if things went south tonight, he could rely on his formidable cultivation to fight his way out.
As for Mulder and the others… well, they could serve as sacrificial pawns if necessary.
###Chapter 2503
As night fell, Warrick sat motionless in his room as he tried to calm his mind through meditation. He had always been able to clear his mind with ease. But tonight, no matter how hard he tried, focus eluded him. A restless unease settled over him and refused to let him relax.
Nearly two hours passed before Mulder’s scouts finally returned. This time, they brought good news.
The smuggling route they had scouted was completely safe, with no signs of an ambush. The West Lucozia army had yet to discover this potential escape route.
Once everything was confirmed, Mulder let out a breath of relief. Warrick, too, finally felt the weight lift from his chest.
“Since the route is safe, we should set out immediately to avoid any unexpected complications.” Warrick said.
He had no intention of waiting any longer. He was a wanted man, and every moment in West Lucozia increased his chances of capture.
There was no telling when the army might surround him. Only by escaping to Thaloria would he be truly safe.
“Pack up. We’re leaving now.” Mulder wasted no time.
After a quick disguise, the group set out.
The countryside was quiet, and their plain van blended in as it rumbled down the road. After about an hour, they reached a fork where the road ended.
“There’s a narrow path ahead. The van can’t go any further we’ll have to walk from here.”
Mulder stepped out first, and Warrick followed in silence. They moved swiftly along the narrow path and reached the smuggling dock in less than half an hour.
It was a small dock scattered with over a dozen fishing boats. At first glance, it looked like nothing more than a temporary mooring spot for local fishermen.
By now, most of them had already gone home. Out on the water, the boats drifted in the dark-except for one, where a dim light still flickered. A man dressed like a fisherman lay on the deck with a straw hat pulled low over his face.
“Is this the smuggling route you were talking about?” Warrick frowned the moment he saw the fishing boats ahead. ” You’ve got to be joking.”
These were private fishing boats, and none were longer than 25 feet. They might be fine for a short trip in calm waters, but even a small storm could capsize them.
And their journey would take several days at sea. If they ran into rough weather, a boat this size wouldn’t stand a chance-it would be torn apart by the waves.
Even being halfway to becoming an ultimate grandmaster wouldn’t save Warrick if he got thrown into the sea. He couldn’t figure out whether Mulder was a fool or if he had no regard for his own life.
“Calm down, Sir Prescott.” Mulder said evenly, “Of course, I know these fishing boats can’t handle an open-sea voyage.
Sailing to Thaloria on them would be suicide.”
“So, what’s your plan?” Warrick’s frown deepened.
“I had everything planned out,” Mulder explained. “These fishing boats are just for the first leg of the trip. About 30 miles out, the Hall of Gods has a luxury ship waiting -that’s the real vessel we’ll be traveling on. So there’s no need to worry about safety.”
“Oh, so that’s how it is. You nearly had me thinking you’d lost your mind.”
Warrick let out a breath of relief, chiding himself of course, Mulder wasn’t the type to make such an amateur mistake.
“If the situation weren’t so tense, I wouldn’t have pulled a stunt like this,” Mulder said with a faint smile.
A fishing boat’s small size and ordinary appearance made it the perfect cover. A larger vessel would only attract attention and invite trouble. To be safe, he had the main ship anchor farther out.
“Sir Prescott, I just checked the area, and there’s no ambush. It’s all clear. Let’s move.”
Mulder glanced around cautiously. After confirming there was no danger, he finally led Warrick forward. Under the cover of night, the group moved cautiously toward a dimly lit fishing boat.
“Hey, everyone’s here. We can set sail now, “Mulder said as he leaped onto the bow.
The fisherman lying on the deck, legs crossed, didn’t react. He looked as though he hadn’t heard a thing.
“Hey! Wake up!” Mulder kicked the man’s boot impatiently.
“Oh! You’re finally here. Took you long enough.”
The fisherman seemed to have just woken from a deep sleep. He stretched lazily, let out a long yawn, and slowly sat up.
“We already paid you, so cut the chatter and set sail,” Mulder urged.
“Set sail? Where to?” The fisherman spoke with a sluggish drawl.
“Where else? Out to sea, obviously.”
Mulder frowned.
“Sorry, but this boat isn’t going anywhere past the shore,” the fisherman said.
He slowly removed his straw hat, revealing a strikingly young, handsome face.
Grinning, he said, “But I’d be more than happy to ferry you gentlemen straight to the underworld. Are you interested?”
###Chapter 2504
“You’re not a fisherman? Who the hell are you?”
Mulder’s guard shot up the moment he got a clear look at the young man’s face.
Fishermen who spent their days at sea were usually tanned from the sun, but this one had a fair complexion. It felt a little strange
Noticing something was off, the men behind Mulder drew their blades and fixed their sharp gazes on the fisherman.
The so-called fisherman standing guard wasn’t just anyone-it was Dustin, who had been waiting for them all along.
Since his plan was set in motion, he’d been stationed there from morning until midnight. After what felt like an eternity, his targets had finally arrived.
“Isn’t it obvious? I’m here to capture you.”
Dustin rose from the deck and rolled his shoulders before speaking in an even tone. “If you don’t want to die, surrender now. Otherwise, it’ll be too late.”
“Watch out! It could be an ambush.”
Mulder swiftly pulled out his dagger. His sharp gaze scanned the surroundings for any sign of hidden troops.
His subordinates instinctively formed a defensive circle as they braced for an attack from the shadows. But despite their heightened vigilance, the area remained eerily calm.
They were specially trained with razor-sharp perception. Under normal circumstances, if there were an ambush nearby, there was no way they wouldn’t have noticed.
“Don’t bother looking. It’s just me here.” Dustin said flatly, “I don’t need an army to deal with the likes of you.”
“Hmm?” Mulder frowned and sized him up before letting out a sneer. “Punk, you’re getting a little too full of yourself. Do you think you can stop us all by yourself? What a foolish dream.”
If Dustin had an army lying in wait, they’d be as good as dead. But he was alone and hardly looked like a threat. Forget stopping them. He’d be lucky to walk away in one piece.
“Stop wasting time on this punk. He’s just stalling for time. Kill him and take the boat -we’re getting out of here.” Warrick, standing at the back, suddenly spoke up.
Something about the young man on the fishing boat felt familiar, but Warrick couldn’t quite place him. Still, the other party’s confidence was unsettling. Either he had backup, or he had a death wish.
“What are you all standing around for? Get him.” Mulder wasted no time in giving the kill order.
Like Warrick, he had his doubts. On the one hand, he worried Dustin was just buying time, and on the other, something about the whole situation felt off.
“Attack!”
Several of Mulder’s subordinates exchanged glances before raising their blades and charging forward.
As the Hall of Gods elites, they were strong enough to take on a hundred enemies individually. When fighting together, their strength multiplied. This made them an unstoppable force against anyone below the level of a grandmaster.
Looking at their opponent, who seemed only in his early 20s, they didn’t believe he could be that strong.
The first subordinate lunged forward and swung his blade down with lightning speed.
However, Dustin’s figure blurred and vanished without a trace.
The attack struck nothing but air. Before he could even process what had happened,
a crushing blow landed on his abdomen. His body flew backward like a broken kite, crashed into a rock, and curled up in pain.
At the same time, two more attackers closed in from either side. Their swords flashed toward Dustin’s throat in a synchronized strike. There was no wasted movement, no unnecessary flair-just pure, ruthless speed.
Just as the swords were about to strike his vital points, Dustin casually raised a hand and caught the edges of both swords between his fingers.1
“What?”
Both attackers’ faces changed as disbelief flashed in their eyes.
Dustin stopped their sword with his bare hands! A scene like this was only possible when there was an overwhelming gap in strength.
They tried to free their swords, but it was as if an iron vice had locked them in place and wouldn’t budge an inch.
“Time to die!”
The last attacker seized the opportunity and darted behind Dustin, gripping his broadsword with both hands. He raised it high and brought it down in a powerful overhead slash. The sword descended like a thunderbolt-unstoppable.
“Got him.” Mulder’s eyes lit up at the sight.
Though the other party looked unusual, Mulder’s subordinates were well-trained and coordinated. The first few drew the enemy’s attention, and the last one waited for the perfect moment to strike and deliver a fatal blow.
From Mulder’s point of view, that strike was something an ordinary person wouldn’t be able to react to in time.
As expected, the final attacker’s broadsword swung down on Dustin’s head. But contrary to everyone’s expectations, Dustin’s head didn’t split open.
When the blade made contact with his skull, a loud, explosive sound echoed. To everyone’s astonishment, the sharp broadsword actually snapped in half.
“Huh?”
The sight left everyone stunned.
It was one thing to catch a blade barehanded, but to take a direct strike to the head and shatter the weapon in the process while remaining unscathed-just what kind of monster was this?
“H-How is this possible?”
The attacker, staring at the broken blade in his hands, was at a loss. Their target’s body seemed to be made of iron, and their attacks had no effect whatsoever.
All their careful coordination and plans for a successful ambush-at that moment, it all became a joke. The difference between the two sides was just too much to overcome.
###Chapter 2505
“You had your chance. Don’t blame me for what happens next,” Dustin said.
With a slight squeeze of his fingers, the steel blades clamped between them shattered with a sharp clang.
Before the two Hall of Gods members could even react, Dustin waved his hand.
The two men were sent flying as if they’d been hit by a truck, hurtling over 30 feet through the air. Blood sprayed from their mouths and noses before they hit the ground. They were critically injured and on the verge of death.
Dustin slowly turned his head and looked at the man who had just tried to ambush him.
The man glanced at the broken sword in his hand, then at Dustin, who looked utterly unfazed. He hesitated for a split second-then bolted.
With a powerful leap, he dove straight for the sea. He knew Dustin’s strength was on a completely different level. There was no chance of outrunning him on land, so the only hope was to disappear into the water.
It might have worked-if not for what happened next.
Just before he hit the water, an invisible force locked him in place. His arms and legs could still move. But no matter how hard he struggled, he couldn’t drop another inc. It was as if some unseen hand had him in an iron grip. Then, to his horror, he felt himself rising farther from the sea.
“Did you really think you could escape?” Dustin said as he made a grasping motion.
Despite being over 30 feet away, he yanked the man back. As he tightened his grip, the man’s body began to twist unnaturally. Bones cracked, organs shifted, and blood gushed from his mouth and nose.
“P-Please don’t kill me. I surrender.” With his body moments away from being crushed, the man panicked and pleaded frantically.
“It’s too late for that.”
Dustin clenched his fist. With a sickening squelch, his body burst apart like a watermelon struck by a cannonball. Chunks of blood and flesh rained down into the sea, dyeing the waters a deep crimson.
“Huh?” Mulder’s eye twitched, and his expression darkened. He hadn’t expected Dustin to possess such strength and had killed all his subordinates in a single exchange.
If he had to guess, Dustin was undoubtedly a grandmaster martial artist.
But that didn’t make sense. Mulder had intel on every fighter in West Lucozia. He’d already uncovered most of the enforcement team’s and Draken Guardians ‘backgrounds,
Yet, there wasn’t a single mention of the man before him. Since when did West Lucozia have a young grandmaster like this?
“Who the hell are you, punk? Got the guts to say your name?” Mulder tightened his grip on his dagger, lowering his stance while staying on guard.
He had only just broken through to the grandmaster level last year, and only because he had taken the Hall of Gods’ enhanced serum. Until now, he had never faced another grandmaster in combat. He had no idea how he would measure up.
What really troubled him, though, was Dustin’s abilities. Dustin could easily take down martial artists who had achieved divinity from a distance as if it were nothing… It was terrifying.
“You must be Mulder, right?” Dustin brushed off the dust from his clothes and said indifferently, “Someone asked me not to kill you right away. He wants to do it himself. Of course, if you resist, I don’t mind crippling you first.”
“Arrogant bastard!” Mulder frowned and barked, “So what if you’re a grandmaster? That doesn’t mean you can beat me. And besides-I’m not alone.”
While saying that, he turned to the man behind him and said gravely, “Sir Prescott, this brat is tough and not easy to deal with. If we work together, we can take him down and be done with it.”
Warrick didn’t respond, and his eyes were locked on Dustin. His frown deepened, and his expression grew more solemn.
The more he looked, the more familiar Dustin seemed. He was certain he had seen Dustin somewhere before-but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t quite place it.
“Sir Prescott! Sir Prescott!” Seeing that there was no response, Mulder raised his voice.
“Enough with the shouting.” Warrick’s expression darkened. “Do I really need to step in for something this trivial? Just handle it yourself. I’ll be here to cover you.”
“Huh?” Mulder was stunned.
At a time like that, why the hell was Warrick still worried about his status and martial codes? The cleanest solution was simple-kill Dustin, get on the boat, and leave no loose ends.
Leaving Mulder to fight alone-wasn’t that just dragging things out for no reason? And what if West Lucozia’s main forces arrived? By then, escape wouldn’t even be an option.
“What’s wrong? Are you actually afraid of a punk like him?” Warrick asked coldly.
“Of course not. It’s just that taking him down won’t be easy. What if-”
Before Mulder could finish, Warrick interrupted sharply, “I told you to handle it. Stop wasting time with excuses.”
Mulder frowned, and his expression turned sour. He had gone through hell to help Warrick escape. But now, when it mattered most, Warrick planned to sit back and watch the fight unfold without lifting a finger.
The thought disgusted Mulder.
“Come on, Mulder, you still don’t see it?” Dustin sneered. “He’s just scared of dying, so he’s letting you fight first to test my strength. If you win, he’ll step in. Otherwise, he’ll ditch you and run. Let’s be real-you’re just his sacrificial pawn.”
###Chapter 2506
Dustin’s words made Mulder frown.
Mulder knew all too well that Warrick was the kind of man who had no sense of loyalty or honor. If Warrick could kill his own personal guards without hesitation, what would stop him from killing a stranger?
Mulder was certain that the moment things went south, Warrick would be the first to flee. Given the choice, he’d never willingly risk his life as Warrick’s sacrificial pawn. But now, there was no turning back.
With his undercover identity exposed and him helping Warrick escape, Mulder became a sworn enemy of West Lúcozia. His name was now on the most-wanted list.
Tonight was their best chance to escape. If they missed it, finding another way out would be nearly impossible.
There was only one path left for him-kill whoever stood in his way and make it onto that escape boat.
“Enough talk, punk. Let’s see what you’re really made of,” Mulder said.
After weighing his options, he gritted his teeth and finally decided to draw his longsword. His figure flickered like a phantom and left only a blur as he closed the distance instantly.
The sword in his hands gleamed coldly as it flashed past like a shooting star. A sharp wind followed its arc, carrying the force to cleave through the air as it aimed straight for Dustin’s throat.
Dustin’s expression remained calm and unfazed. Just as the sword was about to reach him, he shifted slightly. His movement was light and effortless as he narrowly avoided the fatal strike.
Simultaneously, his right fist clenched and drove forward with immense force, aiming straight for Mulder’s chest.
Mulder reacted instantly and swung his sword across to block. A metallic clang-sharp and resonant-rang out as fist and steel collided, sending sparks flying.
The impact sent a jolt through Mulder’s arm and forced him back several steps. He spun and used the momentum to swing his sword in a downward arc with a sharp whistle.
Dustin lightly tapped the tip of his foot against the ground and glided back three feet, effortlessly slipping past the attack.
Mulder’s sword aura streaked past Dustin, narrowly missing him before striking a nearby boat. A sharp crack echoed through the air. Within moments, the vessel split in two and began sinking into the water.
Mulder showed no hesitation after missing his target. His sword moved relentlessly, each slash fierce and unyielding.
The force behind every strike carried enough power to break through stone, and the sword’s sharp whistle cut through the air. Sparks flew as the flashing steel carved deadly arcs, threatening to tear through anything in its path.
Dustin stayed composed. His movements were fluid and effortless as he weaved through Mulder’s attacks like a wisp of silk in the wind, slipping past each strike with the slightest of margins.
His eyes were sharp and focused as he read Mulder’s every move. His steps seemed weightless, yet each one placed him just out of reach of the deadly sword.
Mulder’s frustration mounted as his attacks continued to miss. His strikes became more forceful and reckless, and his movements became wide and aggressive as he focused solely on offense. Yet, despite his relentless assault, he failed to land even a single hit.
Warrick, who had promised to back Mulder up, looked solemn. His expression was unreadable as he watched the battle unfold, and he showed no intention of interfering.
“This punk looks strange,” Warrick murmured, secretly alarmed.
Dustin looked to be in his early 20s, yet he handled Mulder-a grandmaster martial artist-easily and without the slightest strain.
What unsettled Warrick the most was his inability to discern Dustin’s origins or true strength.
After attacking with full force for a while, Mulder was already gasping for breath. He hadn’t felt it before, but now that he was facing a true master, he realized how grueling the battle was. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t even graze his opponent’s clothes.
“Why’d you stop? Keep going,” Dustin said.
Standing with his hands behind his back, he remained calm and composed, completely unaffected by the intensity of the fight. His relaxed stance contrasted sharply with Mulder’s, who was drenched in sweat and gasping for breath.
While it would have been effortless for Dustin to end the fight instantly, he had no intention of doing so just yet. He wasn’t just pressuring Warrick, but he was also using Mulder as bait to draw out the mastermind behind him.
The Hall of Gods had been operating in West Lucozia for years, and there was no way Mulder was acting alone. He was merely a pawn, and somewhere in the shadows, there had to be someone more powerful pulling the strings.
Dustin’s goal was simple-lure that person out and eliminate them in one decisive move.
Mulder’s expression darkened with fury as he spat, “You’re forcing my hand, punk!”
He reached for a vial of enhanced serum at his waist and swiftly swallowed it. This serum was extremely expensive-something he had spent years accumulating resources to obtain. It was his lifeline.
The serum would grant him a surge of power, doubling his strength for a short time and making him nearly unstoppable. However, the side effects were severe.
If he couldn’t finish the fight before it wore off, the resulting exhaustion would leave him helpless, with only death awaiting him. For that reason, Mulder had always kept it as a last resort.
But now, he had no choice but to risk everything and fight his way out.
###Chapter 2507
“Oh? Are we going all out now?” Dustin smirked, with a hint of amusement in his eyes.
Mulder, who had advanced to become a grandmaster martial artist through drugs, had a weak foundation. Even after taking the enhanced serum, he still posed no threat to Dustin. If Mulder were a hundred times stronger, he might just barely be able to fight Dustin.
As the serum’s effects pushed his body to the limit, Mulder suddenly let out a furious roar. His muscles swelled rapidly, and his bones cracked as they expanded. His body grew larger at an alarming rate, and his clothes tore apart under the strain.
His six-foot frame stretched to nearly seven feet in mere moments as his body swelled to monstrous proportions. His face twisted fiercely, and his skin darkened as black scales surfaced.
With another guttural growl, his roar turned beastlike. He grabbed his shredded shirt and ripped it away, exposing his broad chest covered in dark scales. A faint, eerie sheen flickered across their surface.
“Die, punk!” Mulder roared.
He launched forward like a cannonball. The ground on which he had just been standing erupted, sending rocks scattering in all directions.
“Unbelievable speed!” Warrick’s eyes widened in shock. He had heard about the Hall of Gods’ enhanced serum but hadn’t realized just how potent it truly was.
Before taking the serum, Mulder’s strength was just at an early stage of grandmaster. Now, he had broken through to a whole new level. His speed, strength, defense, and reflexes were all greatly enhanced.
It was no exaggeration to say that he was now more than twice as powerful as before. Just one dose of the enhanced serum had turned him into a monster in mere moments.
No wonder the Hall of Gods had grown rapidly in recent years. With these serums, they could cultivate vast numbers of powerful fighters without worrying about a lack of talent.
Warrick silently congratulated himself on his decision. Once he joined the Hall of Gods, his status and position would make it easy to rise to the rank of high-ranking god. The wealth and freedom he would enjoy would far surpass anything he could ever have in West Lucozia.
As Mulder launched himself forward, his sword cut through the air toward Dustin’s neck with deadly speed. The air warped around the sword, the sea seemed to split in its wake, and the temperature dropped sharply.
Under Warrick’s astonished gaze, Mulder’s sword effortlessly sliced through Dustin’s neck. The cold gleam of the sword reflected as it passed.
“Is he really dead?” Warrick was momentarily taken aback, slightly surprised by what he saw.
Earlier in the fight, Dustin had held a commanding advantage. Even with the enhanced serum, it shouldn’t have been easy for Mulder to win. Yet, now it seemed like a single strike had ended it, which was odd.
As Warrick pondered this, an astonishing sight unfolded before him.
Dustin, who had just been struck by the sword, vanished like smoke. Then, in the blink of an eye, he appeared behind Mulder.
“Afterimage?” Warrick’s eyes widened, and his expression grew tense.
Despite his sharp vision, he had missed Dustin’s movements and only caught fleeting afterimages. The speed was nothing short of terrifying.
Warrick finally understood why Dustin had dared to fight alone. He must have something supporting him. With footwork and speed like that, even if he couldn’t win, escaping would be effortless.
In other words, he had already put himself in an unassailable position. Even if Warrick stepped in, there was no guarantee he could catch him unless he found a way to trap him or slow him down.
“Where are you swinging at? I’m over here, “Dustin said.
Dustin appeared behind Mulder and tapped his shoulder. He spoke with an almost playful air, like a cat toying with a mouse.
“Go to hell!” Mulder roared.
Consumed by rage, he immediately swung his sword in a counterattack-faster, fiercer, and more violent. It was like a bolt of black lightning, unstoppable in its speed.
Dustin’s figure vanished in the blink of an eye. When he reappeared, he was already 16 feet away.
“I’ll kill you… I’ll make you regret this!” Mulder bellowed.
His eyes burned with rage as he swung his sword in a frenzy. He was like a wild beast and lost his senses.
Mulder’s strikes were chaotic-no technique, no finesse, just raw power. But each slash was delivered with such speed that it felt as though he intended to rip everything apart.
Within moments, the area within 32 feet was filled with flashing swords that sliced through the air in every direction.
Wherever the swords passed, the air seemed to be cut open with a sharp hiss.
An impenetrable net of death fell upon Dustin with overwhelming force. It was a blind, all-out attack. No matter how fast or skilled he was, there was no escaping this 360-degree attack.
“Such lightning-fast strikes. The force behind those attacks is incredible.” Warrick’s shock turned to excitement.
Although Mulder relied on sheer strength, he had unknowingly discovered the way to counterattack.
Dustin’s speed and agility made it hard for standard attacks to hit him. So, Mulder adapted and launched an all-out assault from every direction, leaving no escape. He turned the area within 30 feet into a deadly trap.
No matter how skilled Dustin was, if he got caught in this, he would be shredded to pieces. This was pure force overwhelming all technique.
###Chapter 2508
“This is interesting.” Dustin smirked as the dense barrage of swords came slashing down at him. In the blink of an eye, his figure dissolved into a wisp of smoke and vanished.
A storm of sword shadows carrying the force that could split rivers and overturn seas crashed down on the fishing boat where he had just been standing. The entire vessel broke apart in an instant some sinking into the depths while others drifted across the water.
“What? He dodged it?” Warrick’s eyes flickered with surprise.
Mulder’s attack just now had been a 360-degree attack. Once caught in its range, there was no chance to dodge-only the option to endure. He couldn’t understand how Dustin had managed to avoid it.
Did he just teleport?
“Hiding like a coward? What kind of warrior are you? Come fight me face-to-face.”
Frustrated after his attack missed again, Mulder grew desperate. His enhanced serum would only last for 15 minutes. If this dragged on, he’d collapse from exhaustion before Dustin even touched him.
Mulder needed to end the fight quickly.
But Dustin’s movements were too unpredictable. No matter how Mulder attacked, he couldn’t land a hit. Once the serum wore off, the consequences would be severe.
“You’re looking for a fight, huh? Fine. I’ll give you a chance to learn what it means to overestimate yourself.” Dustin reappeared before Mulder. He raised a finger, signaling for him to come at him.
“Such courage. Let’s see if you can take this.” Mulder took a deep breath and quickly gathered his strength.
He knew this was his only chance. If this strike didn’t end the fight and Dustin somehow escaped, capturing him again would be difficult. So, Mulder had to put everything into this final move.
As he focused his energy, his form grew larger. Dark auras swirled around him, accompanied by the rumble of thunder and the howling of the wind.
“Raging Tempest!” Mulder roared.
He leaped into the air and spun rapidly like a top. The sword in his hand moved with his rotation, cutting through the air at lightning speed. A visible vortex of wind coiled around the sword and swirled as he spun.
He suddenly stopped midair and unleashed his sword with a devastating downward slash. At that instant, the ground rumbled, the sea trembled, and the fishing boats rocked violently.
The sword aura over thirty feet long descended with crushing force, aiming straight for Dustin. Before it even fully landed, the air was filled with flying sand and shifting rocks, and the sea parted as the force pushed it aside.
Dustin watched the fierce sword aura coming at him without flinching. He remained motionless until the very last moment, when he raised his hand.
“Go to hell!” Seeing this, Mulder sneered.
His internal grandmaster-level energy surged to its peak, pouring everything into the strike. The sword aura intensified, growing even more ferocious.
The devastating slash struck Dustin head-оп.
A violent shockwave erupted, blasting outward from the point of impact. Dust and debris filled the air, boats tipped over, and the sea itself churned, waves rising like towering walls.
As the dust settled, Warrick’s expression changed dramatically. He was stunned to, see that Mulder’s full-strength killing blow had been caught by Dustin with his fingers. The deadly sword aura that should have cleaved him apart hadn’t even ruffled his hair.
“This… This is impossible!” Warrick’s eyes widened in disbelief.
The force of that strike was so powerful that even he wouldn’t dare face it head-on, but Dustin had stopped it with just two fingers. 1
What kind of monster was Dustin?
At that moment, it wasn’t just Warrick who was surprised. Mulder, who had delivered the strike, was also shaken. 1
He had thrown everything into that strike and was convinced that even if it didn’t kill Dustin outright, it would at least leave him severely wounded.
But the outcome was beyond belief. His strongest attack, enhanced by the serum, was caught so effortlessly by Dustin, without even grazing him.
It was completely unfathomable.
Dustin flicked his finger and sent a powerful shockwave that knocked Mulder back several yards. He landed hard on his butt, and the sword in his hand snapped in two.
“You… I…”
Mulder sat there, drenched in sweat, and his face was deathly pale. He parted his lips to speak, but no words came out. He knew he had been thoroughly defeated.
Dustin’s strength surpassed anything he had ever imagined. They weren’t even in the same league.
It didn’t matter how many enhanced serums Mulder took or how many techniques he unleashed-nothing he did could so much as scratch Dustin.
Mulder’s earlier bravado now felt like a joke. At that moment, he finally understood why the castle had only sent Dustin to deal with them. With his strength, taking them down was a simple task.
###Chapter 2509
Mulder’s body trembled, and he suddenly coughed up a mouthful of blood. His energy drained, and his entire being seemed to collapse.
Dustin’s finger flick had not only shattered his sword but also injured his internal organs. With the effects of the enhanced serum wearing off, Mulder was now back to his original state and completely spent.
His once-powerful frame now shrank like a punctured balloon. He looked as if he had aged ten years in an instant.
Mulder could no longer fight. Even standing up was a challenge.
“He’s finished,” Dustin said coolly, then looked at Warrick. “Now it’s your turn.”
“Hmm?” Warrick frowned, and his expression turned serious.
Dustin’s display of strength earlier had made him feel a sense of crisis. If they fought head-on, there was no telling who would come out on top.
But Warrick was just one step away from escaping West Lucozia, bound for Artea and a life of freedom and luxury. He had no intention of risking his life in battle unless he absolutely had to.
Desperation could drive a man to fight with everything he had, but the moment survival seemed possible, hesitation crept in.
“Young man, there’s no grudge between us. We don’t have to fight since neither of us stands to gain. I say we talk this through -it’ll be better for both of us.” Warrick narrowed his eyes.
“Oh?” Dustin smirked. “And what exactly do you want to talk about?”
“Let’s be honest-you’re just doing this for money. And I happen to have more money than I know what to do with.” Warrick’s tone turned persuasive.
He continued, “If you walk away now, I’ll tell you where my treasure is hidden. There’s enough gold and jewels in there to last you a lifetime.”
“Sounds tempting, but how do I know you’re not lying?” Dustin raised an eyebrow.
“I’m a man of my word. My reputation in West Lucozia speaks for itself. Why would I need to lie?” Warrick said earnestly.
He went on, “Besides, I’m leaving West Lucozia for good and never coming back. I’ve got no use for all that gold and silver might as well give it to you as a favor. What do you think?”
“Let me think about it…” Dustin stroked his chin, feigning deep thought.
Seeing this, Warrick felt a spark of hope and continued to persuade, “Chances like this don’t come often. This is your shot at instant wealth. With that treasure, you could live a life of luxury anywhere. You don’t need to risk your life working for others anymore.”
“You make a good point.” Dustin nodded. ” So, where’s the treasure?”
“We have a deal?” Warrick’s eyes lit up.
“Of course. Only a fool would say no to that, “Dustin replied without hesitation.
“Good! You really are a smart one!”
Warrick finally smiled, then pulled a parchment from his coat and tossed it toward Dustin. “This is a treasure map I drew myself. With it, you’ll have no trouble finding the treasure.”
Dustin unfolded the parchment. Sure enough, it was a treasure map. The location was marked in detail-hidden within Vastreach Peak in West Lucozia.
“Wise choice in hiding the treasure in the mountains.” Dustin tucked the parchment away.
Those treasures had been stolen from the people. Now, they were all his to take back.
“No choice. Just playing it safe.” Warrick chuckled..
Someone in his position knew better than to put everything in one place. While he had valuables hidden at home, most of his wealth was buried in Vastreach Peak.
This was his reserve and his means of making a comeback. Once things settled down, he planned to retrieve it bit by bit.
But now, for his safety, he had no choice but to give it up. Compared to his life, money was just money. If he stayed alive, he could always make more.
“Okay. Since you’ve been so generous, I’ll give you a chance… to surrender,” Dustin said with a smile.
“Huh?” Warrick frowned. “Young man, didn’t you agree earlier? I give you the map, and you let us leave. Are you going back on your word?”
“Agree? When did I say that? Why don’t I remember it?” Dustin spread his hands innocently.
“Punk! Don’t push me!” Warrick’s face hardened. “I gave you the treasure map not out of fear but because I don’t want unnecessary trouble. If you keep pushing, don’t expect me to hold back.”
He had already shown enough sincerity, but he didn’t expect Dustin to be so ungrateful. If pushed too far, he wouldn’t mind going down with Dustin.
###Chapter 2510
“So what if I am? And what if I push even further?” Dustin’s smile slowly faded. “If you don’t like it, do something about it.”
There was no reasoning with tyrants like Warrick.
“Punk, are you really willing to risk your life against me? Have you ever considered what happens if you lose?” Warrick’s face turned grim as a wave of killing intent spread from him.
He had already taken a step back to avoid unnecessary trouble. If Dustin refused to back down, there was no choice but to fight.
“Cut the crap. You wanna fight, fight.”
Dustin didn’t bother with more words.
With a flick of his wrist, a silver needle shot out and aimed toward Warrick’s forehead-silent, unassuming, but deadly.
“Hmm?”
Warrick’s brow furrowed as he instinctively raised his arm. Sparks flew as the needle deflected off his arm and buried into the ground.
“Oh? You’ve mastered the Adamantine Body Technique?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
At that instant, he saw through Warrick’s technique. Not only was he halfway to becoming an ultimate grandmaster, but his physical strength was on another level.
Dustin’s probing attack earlier hadn’t even scratched Warrick.
Then again, it made sense that a man who had survived countless battles and climbed to such a high rank wouldn’t be weak.
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have escaped from the castle a few days ago, even after being drugged with Tranqurin.
“Damn you, bastard! I was going to spare you, but since you don’t know what’s good for you, go to hell.” Warrick’s expression twisted with fury as he unsheathed his sword.
With a push of his foot, he launched forward like a cannonball toward Dustin,
“Such speed.” Mulder, who was slumped on the ground nearby, couldn’t hide his shock.
Warrick’s speed was beyond his comprehension-so fast that his eyes couldn’t keep up. All he could see was a blur of motion.
A first-ranking general of Warrick’s caliber wasn’t just some ordinary soldier.
“Take this!” Warrick roared and lunged forward.
His sword flashed through the air in a blur as he brought it down toward Dustin’s head. The attack looked simple, but the force behind it was deadly. The sheer force warped the air as if even the night itself was being ripped apart.
Just as the sword was about to land, Dustin didn’t meet it head-on. Instead, he slightly turned his body to the side and nimbly dodged the strike.
Warrick missed, but he didn’t pause. In one fluid motion, he followed up with a swift horizontal slash aimed at Dustin’s waist. This time, the attack came even faster, which showcased his battle-hardened experience.
Dustin tapped his foot against the ground and swiftly retreated. He barely dodged the second strike.
“You think you can keep dodging?”
Warrick sneered, eyes gleaming with bloodlust.
He swung his sword and launched the attack without pause. Every strike carried crushing power, and his speed and precision made it nearly impossible to defend against.
Dustin was forced into constant retreat, weaving and dodging as the attacks came relentlessly.
“So, this is Sir Prescott’s strength. He is so impressive,” Mulder muttered.
His expression grew grim as he focused on the fight. Even with his trained eyes, he couldn’t track their movements. He could only see the flurry of sword flashes as Warrick continued his onslaught.
A true expert needed only one move to reveal their skill.
When Mulder fought Dustin earlier, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t gain the upper hand. It had been a one-sided struggle.
But Warrick was different. With overwhelming strength and years on the battlefield, he dominated the fight the moment he struck. His attacks were like a raging storm-unstoppable, inescapable.
If Mulder had been in Dustin’s place, he doubted he’d last more than three moves.
If he wasn’t mistaken, Warrick had already stepped into the realm of an early-stage ultimate grandmaster.
No wonder the Hall of Gods had gone to such lengths to rescue him. A warrior of his caliber was a priceless asset.
“You were talking big just a moment ago, punk. What happened? Why are you just dodging? Come on, fight me,” Warrick challenged.
He fought with mounting ferocity. His sword swung faster and faster as his momentum surged. The streaks of his sword slashed through the night. They plunged into the sea and stirred up massive waves.
“Dammit! If you’d stepped in earlier, I wouldn’t be in this state,” Mulder cursed under his breath as he watched Warrick take control of the fight.
He’d wasted a priceless enhanced serum and nearly gotten himself killed fighting Dustin. All of this could’ve been avoided. If Warrick had stepped in earlier, Mulder could have defeated Dustin unharmed.
Even if they won now, Mulder had already suffered severe injuries. He couldn’t help but feel some resentment toward Warrick.
“Time to end this, punk!” Warrick said.
His relentless pursuit forced Dustin to the very edge of the dock. One more step, and Dustin would fall into the sea.
With no way left to retreat, Dustin was trapped, and Warrick unleashed his deadly strike.
Leaping high into the air, his sword flared with light, extending into a massive sword aura nearly 30 feet long. He brought it down on Dustin with thunderous power.
The strike fell like a mountain, unstoppable and filled with overwhelming force.
###Chapter 2511
“Warrick’s blade technique is terrifying,” Mulder mumbled. “This should be the finishing blow, right?”
Watching from a distance, he was awestruck by the dazzling blade aura. Only now did he truly grasp the sheer gulf between Warrick and Dustin.
Warrick’s strike descended with such overwhelming force that it seemed to split the earth and obliterate everything in its path. Even from 300 feet away, the pressure rolling off it sent a chill down Mulder’s spine.
Under Mulder’s stunned gaze, Warrick brought his full weight down, with blade and body merging into a single force that swallowed Dustin whole.
The instant they clashed, an incandescent explosion of light erupted. It was so blinding that Mulder couldn’t even open his eyes.
A split second later, a deafening blast erupted, and a shockwave shot outward like a tidal surge. The force flattened the waves and overturned several fishing boats docked at the pier.
Even Mulder, more than 300 feet away, was caught in the blast and tumbled across the ground in a disheveled heap.
Gasping for breath, he scrambled to his feet. But instead of checking his injuries, his eyes snapped toward the battlefield ahead-only to freeze in place as if struck by lightning.
Under the moonlight, Warrick stood motionless with his towering frame casting an oppressive shadow. Both hands still gripped his blade, held midair in a deadly downward slash. Yet, the razor-sharp edge had stopped just three inches above Dustin’s head.
It wasn’t that Warrick was soft-hearted or unable to deliver the killing blow-it was that Dustin simply couldn’t be defeated.
Dustin had effortlessly caught the blade Warrick had swung down with all his strength with one hand. Just like that, he had neutralized what should’ve been the deadliest blow.
Throughout the entire exchange, Dustin hadn’t moved an inch. His calm, relaxed stance made it seem like he was just catching a falling leaf.
“How… how is this possible?”
Mulder’s eyes widened in disbelief. He had witnessed Warrick’s strike firsthand. It was a blow so devastating that no one beneath an ultimate grandmaster could withstand it.
From his perspective, Dustin had been cornered with nowhere to retreat and forced into a defensive stance. Against such a mighty blow from Warrick, there were only two possible outcomes-death or crippling defeat.
It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that this strike could end the fight.
But to Mulder’s utter disbelief, Dustin wasn’t just alive he had easily stopped the attack. If he hadn’t seen it with his own eyes, he’d never have believed that a young man barely in his 20s could possess such terrifying strength.
Could it be… that he was already an ultimate grandmaster?
That thought sent a chill down Mulder’s spine. A 20-something ultimate grandmaster and related to West Lucozia…
Suddenly, one name came to mind-Logan Rhys.
A year ago, two major events occurred. The castle crushed a rebellion and eradicated the remnants of the Dragon Guard.
Many believed Rufus was the mastermind behind both victories, but only insiders knew it was all thanks to the crown prince.
Logan had helped the castle crush the rebellion. He also ambushed and killed the ultimate grandmaster Reagen, eliminating one of West Lucozia’s greatest threats.
And then, he vanished without a trace, as if he had never existed.
Mulder didn’t want to believe it. But after witnessing the battle, he couldn’t help but make the connection between Logan and the man before him.
In all of West Lucozia, he couldn’t think of anyone who could pull off such a feat. Who else had unmatched talent similar to the legendary Prince Logan?
At that moment, Mulder wasn’t the only one trembling with fear.
Warrick, the one in the thick of the battle, was even more horrified. Sweat poured down his face as he stared at Dustin, who was half a head shorter than him. His expression was filled with disbelief.
His grip on the blade trembled involuntarily, for he had already guessed Dustin’s identity. If Warrick wasn’t mistaken, the man before him was Logan Rhys the prodigious prince of West Lucozia and the unrivaled talent who defied all reason.
No wonder… No wonder Dustin seemed familiar. No wonder unease had gnawed at Warrick all this time. The signs had been there all along.
“Y-You’re Logan Rhys?” he stammered.
Warrick’s voice came out hoarse, and his eyes were filled with horror and dread.
Besides Dustin’s identity, what truly terrified Warrick was the sheer, nightmarish level of strength the other party had just displayed. With nothing but his bare hand, Dustin easily caught the blade Warrick had swung down with all his strength.
It was downright terrifying.
If Warrick wasn’t mistaken, Dustin was already an ultimate grandmaster. There was no other way he could have done something like this.
An ultimate grandmaster in his 20s… He was a beast!
###Chapter 2512
“Oh? You guessed it?” Dustin smirked. ” Now that you know who I am, it’s up to you to decide what to do.”
If Warrick chose to surrender, Dustin would simply seal his pressure points and leave him to Austin’s judgment. But if he resisted, Dustin wouldn’t hesitate to cripple him.
“Haven’t you given up your title as the prince? Why did you return? Are you going to compete with Austin for the throne?” Warrick asked.
Uncertainty flickered across his face before he continued, “If that’s your intention, I can help you. Spare me today, and I guarantee you’ll become the next Prince of West Lucozia.”
Power was a tempting beast. History was filled with stories of brothers turning against each other and fathers murdering their sons for it.
In Warrick’s mind, Logan’s quiet return to West Lucozia meant one thing-he was after the throne.
“Guarantee?” Dustin scoffed. “What guarantee are you offering?” His voice was dripping with disdain. “You’re a cornered rat now. You’re barely holding on to your life-how could you help me?”
Warrick, far from being offended, felt a surge of excitement. From Dustin’s tone, it was clear he was considering the possibility of taking the throne. If so, things would be much easier to manage.
“Your Highness, I may be at a low point now, but I’ve spent years building my foothold in West Lucozia. My influence runs deep,” he replied.
He added with absolute conviction. “Give me a chance, and I’ll come back stronger.
When that happens, I won’t just stand by your side I’ll be the blade that cuts down your enemies.”
“Come back stronger? Do you really think you have what it takes? And why should I trust you?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
“Your Highness, I’ve been through countless battles. When I give an order, the soldiers follow without question. I also have many disciples. When the time comes, they will be your strongest supporters arid help you rise to the top,” Warrick persisted.
He wasn’t lying. Although he wasn’t respected in the government, his authority was unquestioned in the military. With the right moves, he could easily sway some elite troops.
Dustin smiled. “This is getting interesting. 11
“So, does that mean you agree?” Warrick’s heart raced in excitement.
Confronted by an ultimate grandnfaster, he had no confidence in being able to defeat Dustin. But if Warrick could sway him with words, who knew-maybe it would work.
If successful, he wouldn’t have to flee to Artea. He could become Dustin’s most trusted aide and enjoy years of glory.
“Agree? What exactly would I be agreeing to?” Dustin looked indifferent.
Warrick was taken aback. “Aren’t you interested in reclaiming your throne and becoming the ruler everyone bows to?”
“Not at all.” Dustin shook his head solemnly. He was trying to avoid the throne at all costs, so why would he willingly assume that responsibility?
“You…” Warrick was stunned.
He still believed Dustin was simply stubborn and unwilling to admit what he wanted.
After all, what man didn’t dream of power and ambition? Who wouldn’t want to be the one everyone bowed to?
“I know you have doubts, but you can trust me. After all, Austin and I are already enemies. In other words, we’re in the same boat now,” Warrick insisted.
“Who’s on the same boat as you?” Dustin gave him a look as if he were talking to a fool. “I was just messing with you. You didn’t actually believe that, did you?”
“What?” Warrick’s face twisted in disbelief. “You… you’re messing with me?”
He had thought that Dustin was finally taking him seriously, but it turned out he was just being ridiculed.
“What’s wrong with that? Is there a problem?” Dustin replied casually.
“You… That’s it. I’m done with you!”
Warrick’s fury boiled over. With a ‘sharp twist of his blade, he knocked Dustin’s hand aside and drove the weapon straight toward his chest. The strike was lightning-fast, which was charged with the energy he had built up.
Though he had spent the time trying to convince Dustin, he had never let his guard down. The ambush had always been his backup plan.
Warrick would kill Dustin on the spot if words failed, and now was the perfect moment.
Dustin chuckled softly. He didn’t even try to dodge and simply stood there as the blade drove straight into his chest.
A sharp metallic clang rang out. Warrick’s blade hit something like a steel plate and failed to penetrate even an inch.
A keen observer might have noticed the faint shimmer coating Dustin’s skin-a thin, nearly invisible layer of true energy. It was powerful, like an impenetrable suit of armor.
“I gave you the chance to surrender, but you didn’t value it,” Dustin said. “Now, don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
He slowly raised his index finger. Under Warrick’s astonished gaze, Dustin lightly tapped his chest.
The light touch unleashed a deafening explosion.
Warrick’s body was sent flying like he’d been hit by a speeding train and flew dozens of yards away. Blood spewed from his mouth before he crashed to the ground.
His once impenetrable protection armor energy, strong enough to deflect blades and bullets, had crumpled like paper under that single touch. It shattered without any resistance.
Mulder, watching from a distance, could only stare in horror.
###Chapter 2513
Mulder knew Warrick had been on the battlefield for years, and his physical strength was unmatched. On top of that, he was already halfway to becoming an ultimate grandmaster.
Even if Warrick couldn’t defeat the prodigious Logan, Mulder figured the difference wouldn’t be too big.
But he never expected Logan to take down Warrick with a single finger, leaving him severely injured and unable to stand. The difference in their strength was far beyond anything Mulder could have imagined.
In other words, Logan had been toying with them from the start and didn’t take the fight seriously. If he had, they would’ve all been dead.
Warrick clutched his chest and coughed up blood as he staggered to his feet. His chest was a charred ruin, the flesh torn open and slick with blood. It was an awful, gory mess.
“I didn’t expect you to be this strong. I underestimated you,” he growled.
He slowly raised his head, and his face twisted with a menacing look. “Guess I was just unlucky to fall into your hands today.
Go ahead, make it quick. Just finish me off.
True to his nature, even if he couldn’t win, he’d rather die than beg for mercy.
“Don’t worry. I’m not going to kill you yet. You’re still useful,” Dustin said.
With a flick of his wrist, three silver needles instantly shot out and pierced three of Warrick’s vital pressure points.
Warrick’s body shuddered, and he immediately went limp. His limbs became weak, and he couldn’t even move a finger.
“What did you do to me?” Warrick shouted.
He was shocked and enraged when he realized he was immobilized. Even worse, his internal energy had been completely sealed. Now, he was entirely powerless and completely at Dustin’s mercy.
“Why are you panicking? I’ve only sealed your cultivation,” Dustin said coolly.
He stepped forward and was about to grab Warrick when something strange happened.
Suddenly, a blood-red light flickered in the night sky. At first, it was barely noticeable, like one of the countless stars. But in a heartbeat, the glow expanded hundreds of times and transformed into a blood-red moon.
The moon fell rapidly and grew larger every passing second, its tail trailing behind in fiery red flames. At a glance, it resembled a falling star that signaled impending disaster.
Thunder rumbled through the sky’as the blood-red moon passed overhead.
Wherever it went, the winds and clouds churned violently. The air seemed to warp around its presence. A terrifying, overwhelming force descended from the sky and landed at the center of the dock.
At that instant, within a 300-foot radius, the sea froze, the winds came to a halt, and even time seemed to stop.
Warrick and Mulder felt their breath catch like an enormous weight pressing down on their chests. They couldn’t move or feel their heartbeats. It was as if they had become mere figures in a painting-lifeless s trapped in a frozen moment.
“Hmm?”
Dustin slowly lifted his head. As he gazed up at the falling blood-red moon, he felt a weight of pressure. He quickly raised his hand and formed a protective barrier above his head.
The next second, the massive blood-red moon, nearly 30 feet in diameter, crashed into the barrier with a loud explosion.
The ground shook violently as a shockwave of immense energy rippled outward from the impact. The once-frozen sea erupted into chaos, and the still winds morphed into a violent storm.
Warrick and the others, unable to move, were tossed through the air like ragdolls. They were blown more than 30 feet away and slammed hard into the ground. Their already serious injuries worsened.
Compared to the terror that had once gripped their hearts, they found themselves oddly more accustomed to their current state. At least now, they knew they were still alive.
However, when the blood-red moon crashed down, they felt as though they were doomed.
The energy wave flattened everything at the dock. Several fishing boats docked near the shore were instantly torn apart and shattered into scraps.
When the dust finally settled, what unfolded before Warrick and the others left them horrified.
Where the blood-red moon had just crashed, a massive crater-about 100 feet in diameter-had formed.
Dustin, who had stood at the center earlier, had vanished as if he had evaporated into thin air.
At the same time, a figure that seemed almost godlike hovered above the crater.
The figure was clad in red armor that resembled fish scales, and his frame was extremely imposing. With a rugged face and long, wavy hair, he held a golden trident.
As he hovered in midair, his eyes-blue like the depths of the ocean-gazed down at them with an impassive gaze that seemed to disregard everyone equally.
“Hmm?”
When Mulder saw the figure’s face, his eyes widened in disbelief. Ignoring his injuries, he dropped to his knees and bowed his head in deep respect.
He spoke in a tone full of reverence.” Mulder at your service, Lord Poseidon.”
“What? He’s Poseidon?” Warrick’s entire body tensed as shock and excitement surged through him.
Poseidon-one of the four royal gods of the Hall of Gods-was a legendary powerhouse, an ultimate grandmaster, and a true pillar of strength.
Warrick never expected that such a legendary figure would come to his aid in West Lucozia. A sigh of relief escaped him as a wave of joy washed over him.
He was saved!
With Poseidon’s arrival, Warrick had nothing to fear-not Logan nor the entire army of West Lucozia.
###Chapter 2514
Poseidon hovered in the air with his trident in one hand and radiated a commanding presence. He stood like a god, and his figure was so intimidating that it struck fear into those who beheld him.
With a wave of his hand, an invisible energy struck Warrick and expelled the three silver needles from his body.
Feeling sensation returned to his limbs, Warrick’s face lit up. He quickly rose to his feet and clenched his fist to his chest in salute.
“Thank you, Lord Poseidon, for saving me. I will never forget this kindness!” he said.
“No need for formalities, Sir Prescott. Now that you’ve pledged yourself to the Hall of Gods, it’s only natural that I ensure your safety,” Poseidon replied with a faint smile as he descended gracefully.
“Your timely arrival was a blessing,” Warrick said as he bowed his head slightly in deference. “Otherwise, we would have perished tonight.”
The Hall of Gods’ royal gods were figures he could only look up to. Everything about Poseidon, from his power to his position, was on a level far beyond anything Warrick could hope to match. But what truly commanded his awe was Poseidon’s strength.
When Poseidon appeared, it was as if a god had descended to earth and effortlessly crushed Dustin within seconds. Such terrifying cultivation surpassed even, Warrick’s wildest imagination.
“That man’s skills were mediocre at best,” Poseidon remarked coolly. “How did you all end up in such a sorry state?”
Warrick and Mulder exchanged uneasy glances upon hearing that. They had just faced an ultimate grandmaster-an opponent of unimaginable power. How could they possibly stand up to that? Only someone like Poseidon, a royal god, could have crushed Dustin effortlessly.
“The ship is anchored ten nautical miles from here,” Poseidon said. “If you’re ready, follow me.”
He then raised his trident and tapped it against the ground.
At that instant, something strange happened.
A ripple of water rose beneath Warrick and the others as though some unseen force was guiding it. It lifted them and carried them toward the sea.
“What kind of supreme divine power is this?” Warrick’s eyes widened in astonishment.
The water beneath his feet felt soft yet firm, like walking on a floating carpet. It was far more wondrous than riding a boat.
“Did I say you could leave?”
Just as Warrick and the others were about to leave on the waves, a sudden voice rang out from behind.
“Hmm?” Poseidon frowned slightly and turned to look.
From the massive crater left by the impact, a figure slowly emerged-it was Dustin.
“This kid is still alive?” Warrick’s face twisted in shock.
“He’s got some serious endurance.
Unfortunately, he doesn’t stand a chance against Lord Poseidon.” Mulder scoffed after a brief moment of surprise.
He had to admit that Dustin was formidable. In his early 20s, Dustin had already earned a reputation as an ultimate grandmaster, a feat that commanded respect wherever he went.
But despite his strength, he was still too young. Against a battle-hardened ultimate grandmaster like Poseidon, Dustin was simply outmatched.
“Young man, if you’d stayed low and played dead, you might have lived another day.” Poseidon shook his head.
His gaze was cold, like he was already looking at a corpse. “But since you insist on throwing your life away, don’t blame me for what happens next.”
Dustin dusted his clothes off and stepped out of the crater with a piercing gaze. “Play dead? You’re not even worth it.”
“Ignorant fool.” Poseidon sneered and pointed a finger at him.
A thick water serpent materialized out of nowhere. It hissed and lunged at Dustin with explosive speed.
“Just a petty trick.”
Dustin sneered and stood his ground without moving an inch. He used his hand like a sword to slash at the incoming water serpent in the air.
A flash of white light cut through the serpent and split it in half. It turned into seawater and vanished without a trace.
Poseidon raised an eyebrow and looked mildly surprised. His water serpent attack had only used less than a tenth of his full strength.
For most grandmaster martial artists, it would have been a deadly strike. But Dustin had effortlessly countered it, and Poseidon acknowledged his high cultivation.
“Who are you? Tell me your name,” he said coolly.
Normally, he wouldn’t bother asking since insignificant ants were meant to be crushed underfoot. But Dustin’s strength had piqued his interest.
Mulder quickly answered, “Lord Poseidon, he is Prince Logan, the Crown Prince of West Lucozia.”
“Logan Rhys?” Poseidon’s face broke into a smile. “That’s great! I’ve been searching high and low for him, and now he’s right before me. What a pleasant surprise tonight. It’s like the gods are smiling on me.”
Logan had already been marked as a major threat by the Hall of Gods-one of the key targets they needed to eliminate.
Initially, they would have needed a detailed plan and plenty of resources to deal with him. But now, with Logan standing right in front of Poseidon, all that preparation had become unnecessary.
Killing Logan would take out a major threat to the Hall of Gods, and opportunities like this didn’t come around often. Poseidon wasn’t about to let this one slip away.
###Chapter 2515
“Let me correct you,” Dustin said.
As his hand slowly tightened into a fist, a white longsword formed from his true energy. “In Dragonmarsh, there is no ‘God. ‘We only have the Lord of the Dead.”
The moment the words left his mouth, a tempest of sword aura exploded outward. Within a radius of several dozen yards, the winds howled, sand and stones were sent flying, and the waves along the shore grew even more violent.
“Such overwhelming pressure. That sword aura is insane. Is this Logan’s actual strength?”
Feeling the surge of energy, Warrick and the others couldn’t help but turn pale. It was then they realized that Dustin hadn’t been fighting seriously before.
Or perhaps, with their strength, they hadn’t even earned the right to make him fight for real. They figured only someone of Poseidon’s caliber could force Dustin to go all out.
“Interesting… truly fascinating.” Poseidon suddenly laughed. “I thought you were just a pup, but it turns out you’re a hungry wolf. Now, this is starting to get interesting.”
As he spoke, Poseidon suddenly spun his trident. Blue energy waves erupted from it and filled the air with an overwhelming crushing force.
“Come on, kid. Show me what you’ve got.”
Hovering in the air, Poseidon’s momentum radiated with such overwhelming energy as if he were a god among mortals.
“As you wish,” Dustin said.
His eyes hardened as he planted his foot and charged toward Poseidon like a streak of white lightning.
His longsword surged with sword aura. It cut through the air with a brilliant white trail, like a comet trailing a fiery tail, as he brought it down in a powerful strike toward Poseidon.
“Bring it on!” Poseidon shouted.
He wasn’t to be outdone and swung his trident forward with force. The blue energy waves exploded outward and crashed toward Dustin like a tidal wave.
A deafening roar erupted when the sword aura collided with the waves.
It was like thunder crashing in their ears, so loud that Warrick and the others felt their ears buzz and teetered on the edge of deafness.
The sword aura sliced through the waves like a sharp blade, but the waves were relentless and continued to surge toward Dustin endlessly.
Dustin twisted midair. His longsword spun as it cut through the oncoming waves, and each slash released a flurry of radiant sword blossoms. Each blossom packed enough power to split mountains.
Where the sword petals struck the waves, they shattered into countless sparkling water droplets. Under the moonlight, they glistened with rainbow hues and created the illusion of a crystalline rain.
Seeing that, Poseidon muttered incantations under his breath, and his trident glowed brighter with each passing moment.
In the blink of an eye, the torn sea began to swirl back together to form ferocious water dragons that lunged at Dustin with bared fangs and claws.
But Dustin stood unfazed. The true energy in his body surged wildly and formed a massive white shield that enveloped him.
The water dragons crashed against the shield heavily. The impact sent shockwaves of energy rippling outward.
Warrick and the others, already wary of the danger, quickly retreated. They feared they might get caught in the crossfire.
The battle between the two ultimate grandmasters was far beyond their ability to interfere. Even the residual energy was lethal, especially in their wounded state.
One misstep and the aftershocks alone could kill them.
“Is this what a battle between ultimate grandmasters looks like? It’s terrifying.”
Warrick and the others watched from a distance. They couldn’t hide their shock.
A fight between two ultimate grandmasters was an extraordinary sight. They had never witnessed anything like it. Every clash and blow was thrilling and awe -inspiring.
Suddenly, Dustin’s body shook as an overwhelming surge of true energy erupted from within him. The surrounding water dragons, fierce and menacing moments ago, were shattered into pieces and dissolved into droplets.
He shot forward like a cannonball and tore through layers of blue energy waves before striking down at Poseidon. The sword blazed with blinding light as if it could tear the sky apart.
Poseidon quickly raised his trident to block, and a water-blue shield formed around his body.
The two weapons collided, unleashing a blinding flash of light and a thunderous boom. A powerful wave of energy blasted outward in all directions.
For a moment, the area within a 300-foot radius was engulfed in a roaring wind, flying sand, and stones. The ocean surged and created towering waves as tall as 30 feet. It was like a massive wall crashing down.
Warrick and the others were stunned, and their bodies trembled uncontrollably. Even from a distance, the sheer destructive force of the battle made their hearts pound with fear.
“Come on!”
Dustin and Poseidon rebounded from their last clash, only to charge at each other again without hesitation.
They continued to trade blows with relentless intensity. Neither could gain the upper hand, and their battle locked in a fierce stalemate.
###Chapter 2516
Dustin was Dragonmarsh’s elite prodigy, while Poseidon was the famous royal god of the Hall of Gods.
Every move they exchanged unleashed destructive power. Within moments, the area within a 300-foot radius was reduced to wreckage.
Dustin wielded his true energy-infused longsword. Each swing unleashed a blinding flare of light as if it could split the sky apart with the Celestial Blade.
On the contrary, Poseidon’s trident commanded the winds and rains. Each strike could summon huge rolling waves as if he were a god reigning over the forces of nature.
Sword aura clashed against walls of water and plunged the entire area into chaos.
Warrick and the others watched with rapt attention. Their eyes were locked on the battle ahead as they tried to make sense of the chaos.
But Dustin and Poseidon were moving so fast that their actions were almost impossible to follow. Their movements blurred together, and they could only catch flashes of two figures constantly clashing.
Their strikes came one after another, and the fight moved from the sea to the shore and back again.
Poseidon laughed heartily. “This feels great. It’s been so long since I’ve fought this.”
As the battle raged on, he only grew fiercer, and his stamina seemingly inexhaustible. He rode the waves with effortless grace and summoned storms with a mere flick of his wrist.
“This bastard… there’s something off about him,” Dustin mumbled.
During the battle, he couldn’t help but feel surprised. He realized Poseidon could draw energy from the sea and fought without a hint of fatigue.
No matter how much energy Poseidon used, his strength was quickly replenished -like an unstoppable fighting machine.
He figured this was likely Poseidon’s unique ability.
Being one of the royal gods of the Hall of Gods, it wasn’t surprising that Poseidon had such extraordinary power.
Dustin knew he couldn’t keep going like this. If the fight dragged on, it was just a matter of time before Poseidon wore him down completely.
“Conquest Breaker!” he shouted.
Dustin seized the opportunity and unleashed his ultimate move. In the blink of an eye, his figure blurred and merged with his sword to form a giant white’ energy sword. Then, it streaked toward Poseidon with immense force.
The giant sword radiated apocalyptic power. The sea churned violently before its path and parted like the Crimson Sea.
The layers of defensive water curtains in its path shattered effortlessly, like paper torn apart with a single touch.
Poseidon’s expression shifted slightly as he recognized the threat and dared not take any chances. His trident whirled furiously and conjured a massive vortex before him.
The vortex’s pull was terrifying-even fish from the sea floor were dragged into it, where they were torn apart by the violent spinning currents.
Poseidon’s plan was simple. Since Dustin has merged with his sword, he would grind them both to dust.
Without any warning, Dustin’s giant sword plunged straight into Poseidon’s vortex with lightning speed.
An earth-shattering boom followed immediately. It was like a missile detonation as violent energy erupted. It unleashed towering waves over 30 feet high that completely engulfed them both.
The explosion not only sent the waves crashing violently, but the shockwave from the blast also rippled for hundreds of yards.
The impact knocked Warrick and the others to the ground. Though they weren’t injured, they were left looking disheveled.
At that moment, they paid no mind to their own condition. Instead, they quickly scrambled to their feet to look back at the battlefield.
300 yards away on the crest of the waves, Dustin stood there with his clothes billowing as he held his sword in one hand. He hovered in the air with a terrifying
momentum radiating from him.
In contrast, Poseidon had vanished from view, as if his body had sunk to the depths of the sea.
“No way! Did Lord Poseidon actually lose?
“Mulder asked. His eyes widened in shock, with disbelief on his face.
After all, Poseidon was one of the four royal gods and the pillar of the Hall of Gods. How could such a legendary powerhouse possibly be defeated by Dustin?
“No. That is impossible. No matter how strong Logan is, he can’t possibly be a match for a royal god from the Hall of Gods.” Warrick frowned, and his face darkened with frustration.
With Poseidon’s arrival, Warrick thought he could easily deal with Dustin. But to his surprise, the fight had been far more evenly matched than he’d ever imagined.
Poseidon’s figure was nowhere to be seen on the sea’s surface. It was almost unbelievable.
While Warrick and the others were stunned, Dustin’s face showed no triumph but a deepening frown.
Though he’d knocked Poseidon into the depths of the sea, he could still feel his presence, which hadn’t diminished in the slightest. If anything, he sensed Poseidon grew stronger, like he was feeding on something.
Dustin’s eyes narrowed in confusion just as a loud crash echoed across the waters. A figure shot up from the depths of the sea and stood on the surface.
It was Poseidon. But compared to earlier, he was completely transformed.
His face twisted with rage, and his body grew even larger and more imposing. His muscles bulged more than ever, and his skin was now covered in a layer of blue scales that shimmered faintly in the light.
What was even more terrifying was the pair of massive blue wings that sprouted from his back. They looked as though they belonged to a demon. After his transformation, his momentum intensified severalfold.
Just a single glance from him sent shivers down Warrick and the others’ spines. Their hearts raced with fear.
###Chapter 2517
“Logan, I have to admit that you’re stronger than I thought. I never expected you’d push me this far,” Poseidon said.
His arms slowly spread wide, and his blue eyes glowed with murderous intent. “As a mark of respect, I will give it everything I’ve got. You’ll witness the true extent of my power.”
With a flick of his hand, he made a grabbing gesture. His trident, which had fallen to the bottom of the sea, shot back up through the water and landed firmly in his grasp.
Compared to his earlier arrogance, Poseidon now stood with a newfound seriousness. It wasn’t just Dustin’s strength that had him on edge but his terrifying potential.
At only 20, Dustin already possessed this level of strength. If he continued to grow, he would become a serious threat to the Hall of Gods. Hence, Poseidon resolved to eliminate him today.
“Watch closely,” he said.
Poseidon slowly raised his trident and gripped it like a javelin. While channeling his energy into the weapon, it pulsed with an intense blue radiance. It glowed as bright as a rising sun and illuminated the dark sea.
When the energy reached its peak, he twisted his body and hurled the trident with devastating force.
The glowing weapon shot forward like a missile, and its sheer force split the sea in its wake. Waves surged violently, and the roar of wind and thunder followed. in its path.
Dustin’s expression hardened. Without hesitation, he swung his true energy-infused sword three times in quick succession.
Three blinding arcs of sword auras shot forward. They streaked toward the incoming trident like bolts of lightning.
All three white sword auras exploded on impact but failed to slow down the trident.
Poseidon’s divine artifact trident-empowered by his transformed state and hurled with full force-possessed destructive power beyond imagination. Even after shattering all three sword auras, it kept barreling toward Dustin at an unstoppable speed.
Without hesitation, Dustin immediately raised his sword horizontally, and a barrier appeared before him.
The trident slammed into his true energy-infused sword. The sword held for less than a second before exploding into shards.
The trident plowed through and pierced Dustin’s energy armor. The impact pushed him deep into the sea with a colossal splash.
“Holy hell! That was insane.”
Warrick and the others were stunned by the unfolding scene. They had thought Dustin had the upper hand earlier, but Poseidon’s strength after his transformation was terrifying.
With just a single throw, he had sent Dustin plunging into the depths of the sea. That kind of strength was downright monstrous.
Less than three seconds later, Dustin shot back up and stood on the water’s surface. At the same time, the divine trident sliced through the waves as if it had a mind of its own and returned to Poseidon’s grasp.
“Logan, how does it feel? Now do you see the difference between us?” Poseidon sneered.
The sea was his domain. His strength was endless and inexhaustible as long as he fought near water. In the sea, he was untouchable-a true god in his element.
“Compared to earlier, your strength has gone up several notches. No wonder you’re known as the royal god. You’ve got something to back it up.” Dustin’s expression turned serious.
He rarely encountered strong enemies, but Poseidon was one of them. That last strike had already put him on edge.
Poseidon raised an eyebrow. “Judging by that tone, it sounds like you’ve got more up your sleeve.”
“Since you’ve given it your all, I won’t hold back anymore. Prepare yourself,” Dustin said. He raised his hand, made a grabbing gesture, and shouted, “Celestial Blade!”
Lightning immediately cracked across the sky, followed by a thunderous roar that shook the ground.
Everyone instinctively looked up.
From within the dark clouds, a black sword swooped down like a meteor. Wherever it passed, the clouds parted, the air warped, and a long black streak was left behind in its wake.
It looked as if the sky were being torn asunder.
The black sword streaked across the sky, then dropped straight into Dustin’s hand with deadly precision and revealed its true form.
It was a pitch-black sword that radiated a chilling, deadly light. The malevolent energy emanating from the weapon sent a shiver down everyone’s spine. 1
“Is that the Celestial Blade, ranked ninth on the Divine Weapon List? It looks extraordinary,” Warrick muttered. His eyes narrowed, and a feeling of unease crept over him.
After all this time, Dustin hadn’t even used a weapon. Now that he had the sword in hand, his strength was bound to increase.
“The sword is a fine weapon, but it’s just a tool,” Mulder said. “Winning comes down to the strength of its wielder. And don’t forget, Lord Poseidon’s trident is a divine artifact, too. It’s every bit as powerful as the Celestial Blade.”
In his opinion, Dustin, though strong, was still no match for Poseidon. The royal gods of the Hall of Gods had dominated the world for centuries. They were no pushovers.
“Poseidon, dying by my sword will be the best end you could ever hope for,” Dustin growled.
With the Celestial Blade in hand, his momentum shifted entirely. Before, he was reserved and contemplative, but now he was commanding, sharp, and showed his strength.
###Chapter 2518
Poseidon scoffed. “You’re so full of yourself.”
The surrounding seawater surged violently. It transformed into countless razor-sharp water spikes and whistled toward Dustin.
The deadly edges glinted under the sunlight. Like a silver rainstorm, the barrage swallowed every inch of space around him. 3
Dustin’s sharp gaze locked onto the incoming strikes. With a light swing of the Celestial Blade, a streak of black sword aura shot out. Every water spike in its path shattered into mist and rained down in a cascade of droplets.
However, Poseidon refused to relent. His attacks came in endless waves, an unbroken torrent.
He gripped his trident with both hands and spun it, creating several blue energy rings. Each one expanded rapidly and surged toward Dustin like crashing waves.
Dustin’s figure flickered and vanished from his spot. The next second, he reappeared just outside the energy rings.
Hovering in midair, he spun at incredible speed. The Celestial Blade in his hand turned into a black cyclone, churning the surrounding seawater into chaos.
“Come on, Poseidon. Is that the best you can do?” he taunted.
With a powerful thrust of his blade, a beam of black sword aura rushed toward Poseidon with the force of a world-ending storm.
Poseidon’s expression turned grim. He gripped his trident with both hands and channeled all his energy into its tip as he braced for Dustin’s incoming strike.
There was a deafening boom, and the world seemed to tremble.
When the sword aura collided with the trident, a blinding explosion lit up the area. It was so intense that everyone had to shield their eyes.
A shockwave of raw energy burst from the collision, sending waves over 100 feet into the air. The seawater parted and left a path of emptiness behind.
Warrick and the others watched the battle unfold from a distance. Awe and fear gripped their hearts.
The display of sheer power was unlike anything they had ever witnessed. It was like the end of the world was fast approaching.
“The fight between ultimate grandmasters is terrifying,” Warrick said, his voice trembling. His face was filled with terror.
Mulder and the others were equally shaken. In the face of such overwhelming power, they felt utterly insignificant, as if they could be crushed at any moment.
Dustin and Poseidon clashed relentlessly inside the swirling maelstrom of energy.
Poseidon used the sea to his advantage, drawing an endless flow of energy. His attacks grew fiercer with each strike, which carried the force of a tidal wave.
In contrast, Dustin relied on the razor-sharp edge of the Celestial Blade and his immense strength. As he weaved through Poseidon’s onslaught, he waited for the right moment to strike.
The two were evenly matched, as neither could gain the upper hand after a fierce and punishing exchange.
Gradually, Dustin noticed several shallow cuts on his skin, and blood began to stain his clothes. Though the wounds weren’t severe, they proved that Poseidon’s continuous attacks were beginning to wear him down.
But Poseidon wasn’t unscathed, either. There was a deep gash cut across his arm from where Dustin’s Celestial Blade had struck. The blood that spilled from the wound was a shocking shade of blue. 2
“This is the end for you, Logan!” Poseidon roared.
He raised his trident, and the sea began to churn violently around him. The water coalesced into a massive blue dragon. It roared, baring its fangs and claws, then lunged toward Dustin.
Dustin took a deep breath and focused all his strength on the Celestial Blade. His gaze was firm and resolute. At that instant, it was as if his will and the blade had become one.
“Sevenbane Slash!” he shouted.
His Celestial Blade erupted in blinding light, and a massive shadow of black sword aura shot into the sky. It slammed into the water dragon with terrifying force.
When the two collided, a thunderous roar filled the air. The impact sent the sea into turmoil and raised towering waves soaring 300 feet high. The air seemed to fracture, with dark fissures spider-webbing through reality.
Poseidon was hurled backward and crashed into the sea with a big splash.
Meanwhile, Dustin was knocked back over 30 feet, and his face was pale from the shock.
At that moment, the sea churned violently in front of him.
Poseidon, who had fallen to the bottom of the sea, slowly resurfaced, and his body floated lifelessly. Three was a bloody fist -sized hole between his chest and abdomen, with blue blood spilling out in steady streams. It stained the sea surface in an unnatural shade of blue.
“Is it over?” Dustin narrowed his eyes, but his expression quickly darkened.
His strike had landed a heavy blow on Poseidon, but it hadn’t killed him.
What was worse, Poseidon’s injured body was already beginning to heal. The gaping wound was closing before Dustin’s eyes. It was as if the sea itself was nourishing his recovery and restoring his strength with every passing second.
“This bastard is a real pain in the ass,”
Dustin muttered, his face turning grim.
He knew that only one decisive strike could end this fight.
As long as Poseidon remained in the water, he could keep replenishing his strength, no matter how much damage he took or how much energy he spent. After all, the sea was his limitless source of power.
If this dragged on, Dustin knew the consequences would be disastrous.
###Chapter 2519
Poseidon slowly rose from the seawater, his wound now fully healed.
A flicker of madness flashed in his eyes. The severe injury he just sustained not only failed to make him retreat but instead ignited an even stronger fighting spirit within him.
He sneered. “Logan, you’ve surprised me. But you’re still going to die today.”
Poseidon spun his trident wildly, and the already turbulent sea grew even more violent.
The waters swirled around him and formed a massive vortex. It expanded rapidly and soon reached nearly 1,000 feet wide. The surrounding waters were sucked in with terrifying force.
The suction was so powerful that even Warrick, Mulder, and the others, watching from a distance, had to brace themselves to avoid being pulled in.
“Hmm?”
Dustin frowned as he felt an overwhelming pressure closing in. The force of the swirling vortex before him was terrifying, as if it could swallow everything in its path.
But he didn’t flinch. In a flash, he launched forward like a streak of black lightning, charging toward Poseidon.
As he neared the edge of the vortex, he swung his Celestial Blade with deadly precision. A surge of black sword aura shot out and cut through the water, momentarily weakening the vortex’s suction.
Poseidon quickly thrust his trident forward with a powerful motion. A blue energy beam shot from the tip and headed straight for Dustin.
Dustin reacted quickly and dodged sideways. The beam narrowly missed him and carved a long trench into the sea behind him.
Poseidon unleashed his power again. The vortex churned faster, and its currents sharpened into massive blades of water that hurtled toward Dustin.
These blades gleamed with sharp edges. As they sliced through the air, a shrill screech echoed across the sea.
Trapped at the center of the vortex, Dustin was encircled by deadly water blades. He held the Celestial Blade horizontally in front of him and swung it relentlessly.
Each strike shattered multiple water blades, but the onslaught showed no sign of stopping. Slowly, he began to feel the strain.
“I can’t go on like this,” he muttered.
Dustin took a deep breath and raised the Celestial Blade. The mystical pure energy surged violently within him, and he channeled it into the blade.
“Ravenous Wolf!” he roared.
The Celestial Blade flared with blinding black light and swept across the battlefield.
From within the light, a massive black sword shadow, towering over 60 feet, materialized. It radiated a chilling, murderous energy as it sliced toward Poseidon. Wherever the sword shadow passed, the seawater was parted, leaving a path of emptiness behind.
Poseidon’s eyes flickered with alarm. He swiftly raised his trident in front of him and braced for the impact.
A thunderous boom split the sky.
As the sword shadow and the trident clashed, a wave of destructive energy erupted and spread outward.
The collision upheaved the sea as towering waves over 300 feet high surged in every direction. Even the deadly vortex was obliterated in an instant.
Warrick, Mulder, and the others were thrown off their feet by the sheer force of the shockwave and landed in a tangled heap.
Meanwhile, Dustin and Poseidon were left wounded to varying degrees by the shockwave.
Blood trickled from the corner of Dustin’s mouth. His clothes were torn to shreds, and deep gashes marked his body.
Poseidon didn’t fare much better. Cracks split across the blue scales on his body, and his right arm had been severed, with blue blood pouring from the stump.
“Now’s my chance to finish you off,” Dustin growled.
Without giving Poseidon time to recover, he charged again. This time, he struck faster and fiercer than before. Every swing from his Celestial Blade carried the weight of destruction.
Poseidon’s expression hardened. While drawing strength from the sea, he swung his trident to parry and block the strikes.
But he could barely keep up with only one arm. Each time he blocked, Dustin’s strike only drove him back.
As Dustin continued to attack, Poseidon slowly retreated. The waves around them were surging and crashing in chaos.
Upon noticing Poseidon’s arm began to regenerate, Dustin seized the moment and used his ultimate move.
“Worldbreaker!” he roared.
The Celestial Blade shot out a blinding black light, unlike anything they had seen before. It carried an overwhelming power of destruction.
And not just one, but seven massive black sword shadows materialized. They fanned out in a deadly arc toward Poseidon. Each one held a destructive force capable of leveling entire cities.
“Oceanic Fury!” Poseidon shouted.
He didn’t hold back and immediately unleashed his strongest defense. With a furious wave of his trident, the seawater around him quickly gathered in front to condense into a massive blue water barrier. It was over 100 feet thick and pulsed with raw energy.
The seven sword shadows met the water barrier in a cataclysmic explosion. It felt like time had stopped, and an overwhelming force obliterated everything in its path.
Seawater within a 300-foot radius instantly evaporated, and the scarred seabed below lay exposed. A dense steam cloud rose in a colossal plume and blotted the sky.
###Chapter 2520
Moments later, the once-turbulent sea finally calmed.
All that remained was a dense cloud of steam. Like a giant beast, it slowly drifted across the water, as if telling the tale of the heart-pounding battle that had just taken place.
Dustin stood on the surface of the sea with the Celestial Blade in hand. His face was grim as he looked ahead. His clothes were torn, and his body was covered in cuts and bruises. Blood streamed from his wounds and dyed the water beneath him red..
Suddenly, a headless corpse floated to the surface. Covered in blue scales, it had torn, ragged wings on its back. The body was riddled with gaping wounds as the dark blue blood seeping from it dissipated into the water.
The body belonged to Poseidon.
“H-He’s dead? How is that possible?”
Looking at the headless corpse floating on the sea, Warrick and the others couldn’t help but stare in shock.
They never imagined Dustin could slay one of the world’s mightiest royal gods with a single blow. If they hadn’t witnessed it, they would never have believed it.
“He’s an ultimate grandmaster who’s only in his 20s. And yet, he slain Poseidon, the royal god. What kind of monster is this kid? 11
Warrick and the others were trembling with fear. An indescribable terror clouded their minds to the point where they found it hard to breathe, as if an invisible hand was choking them.
When Poseidon first appeared, Warrick was thrilled and thought they were saved. But after the fierce battle, Dustin had beheaded Poseidon with just one strike.
That strike hadn’t just severed Poseidon’s head, but it had also shattered Warrick’s last hope of survival.
“Phew… It’s finally over.” Dustin let out a long breath.
His mystical pure energy was nearly spent, and he was on the brink of complete exhaustion.
He had to admit Poseidon’s strength was terrifying. Even after giving it everything he had, Dustin only managed to win by a single strike. If that blow hadn’t severed Poseidon’s head and cut off his life force, he would’ve been the one to fall.
From what he knew, Poseidon wasn’t even the strongest of the four royal gods. That honor belonged to Zeus. If Dustin had faced Zeus today, he wouldn’t have bet on himself.
“Hurry up and surround the area. Don’t let anyone escape.”
Suddenly, shouts erupted from behind them.
Dustin turned and saw Austin leading thousands of armies from West Lucozia toward the dock.
The battle with Poseidon had been impossible to miss. The shockwaves alone must have been felt for miles.
As soon as Austin received the news, he mobilized his forces and rushed over.
Fortunately, Poseidon-the toughest opponent-had already been dealt with. As for the rest, they were severely injured and not a threat.
Dustin dragged his exhausted body from the sea and slumped onto the dock. He lay there without any concern for how it looked because he was simply too exhausted to care.
“Dustin, are you okay? Is everything alright?” Austin asked worriedly.
He led a team of Draken Guardians and rushed to Dustin’s side. He had never imagined that capturing Warrick would lead to his brother getting injured.
“It’s nothing-just some minor cuts. I’ll be fine after a few days of rest,” Dustin replied, shaking his head.
“Here, take this Haemotrol. It’ll help with your recovery,” Austin said as he promptly pulled out a pill and handed it to him.
Dustin didn’t hesitate to swallow it. The pill dissolved as soon as it hit his throat and released a warm sensation that spread throughout his body. It slowly restored some of the energy he had just burned through.
“What happened earlier? Who was that mysterious expert who appeared out of nowhere?” Austin asked gravely.
He had seen Dustin battling a peerless powerhouse on the sea from a distance, and he was certain that person wasn’t Warrick.
“It was Poseidon,” Dustin replied. “The royal god from the Hall of Gods.”
“What? Poseidon, the royal god? He’s here in West Lucozia?” Austin frowned.
The royal gods of the Hall of Gods rarely intervene unless absolutely necessary.
Austin never expected they would send Poseidon to assist Warrick. Now it made sense why Dustin had been struggling so much.
“He’s dead now, but his body still has research value. Bring it back quickly,” Dustin said as he glanced at the huge body still floating on the sea.
Austin turned to his men and ordered, ” General Steele, retrieve the body.”
“Yes, sir,” Jaxon responded before diving into the water.
He swam to the distant spot toward Poseidon’s headless body with remarkable speed. He gripped it firmly and quickly made his way back to the dock.
Poseidon’s headless body was thrown to the ground with a heavy thud. The once-glimmering blue scales now appeared dull and lifeless. It took on an almost greyish hue.
“Hmm?” Dustin scanned the body and sensed that something wasn’t right.
Normally, even a grandmaster’s body would retain a flicker of life force after death-one that lingered briefly before fading away.
However, Poseidon’s body showed no sign of life. It was as if all his life force had been drained.
“General Steele, where’s his head?” Dustin asked.
“I didn’t see it. It’s probably sunk to the bottom of the sea,” Jaxon replied as he shook his head.
“Gather a team and retrieve the head immediately,” Dustin ordered.
“Yes, sir,” Jaxon replied with a nod. He promptly rallied the soldiers and a ship crew to scour the area around the battle site.
“Dustin, do you think something’s off about Poseidon’s death?” Austin asked, suspicion creeping in.
If Poseidon’s death had been ordinary, Dustin wouldn’t have called for such a search.
“I can’t say for sure. I hope I’m just overthinking it,” Dustin replied as he looked into the distance.
Typically, a grandmaster would be confirmed dead if their head was severed.
However, royal gods had abilities that were unknown to most. Until Poseidon’s head was recovered, Dustin couldn’t be sure he was truly dead.
###Chapter 2521
Austin’s expression also turned serious as he saw the doubt in Dustin’s eyes. He knew Dustin wouldn’t worry over nothing.
There were many strange beings in Streuqua, including vampires, werewolves, and the like. These supernatural species were notoriously hard to kill. Even after being decapitated, they weren’t necessarily dead.
Austin wasn’t sure if Poseidon had that kind of ability. After all, the Hall of Gods and its so-called royal gods were still a mystery to most people in West Lucozia.
To play it safe, they needed to recover Poisedon’s head for their own peace of mind.
Out on the water, Jaxon led a team of soldiers and ship crews to comb the sea in search of Poisedon’s severed head.
At the docks, all eyes turned to Warrick, Mulder, and the others. They had been tied up and were now being dragged before Dustin and Austin one by one.
Warrick looked pale, but there was a certain defiance in his eyes. He knew his fate was sealed. After Dustin killed Poseidon, Warrick knew his last hope of survival had vanished.
Mulder, on the other hand, looked terrified. His eyes were filled with desperation-he wanted to survive.
“Warrick,” Austin said coldly, “you’re a Major General of West Lucozia. Yet, you’ve slaughtered innocents, colluded with foreign enemies, and betrayed your own people. Did you really think you could get away with it?”
“Victory or defeat, that’s the nature of war, “Warrick replied. “If you’re going to kill me, just do it. I’ve spent my life on the battlefield, and I’ve never feared death.”
He snorted and raised his chin defiantly, ready to face death without fear.
“Don’t worry. I’ll execute you.” Austin sneered. “But not now. Because I plan to make an example out of your death.”
He intended to use Warrick’s death to send a message, to strike fear into the rest of West Lucozia’s officials.
“As for the rest of you…” Austin turned his gaze toward Mulder and the others.
“Your Highness, please spare me!” Mulder cried.
He dropped to his knees with a loud thud and begged, “Warrick forced me into this. I made a terrible mistake, but I beg you, Your Highness. Please show mercy and spare my life.”
Before Austin could respond, Axel, who was standing beside Mulder, smacked him. It was a brutal backhand that sent him toppling over.
“You treacherous bastard!” Axel roared. ” How dare you beg for mercy? His Highness treated you well, and you became a spy for the Hall of Gods? Scum like you deserves worse than death.”
“Axel, please. I made a terrible mistake, but I was forced into this. Please speak to His Highness for me for Alania’s sake and ask him to show me mercy,” Mulder pleaded.
Blood dripped from the corner of his mouth, yet he still kept begging for mercy.
“Don’t you dare bring up my sister!” Axel exploded and kicked Mulder to the ground.
He drew his sword and said, “You’ve betrayed His Highness and West Lucozia. For that, you deserve to die. No one can save you now. Today, I will clean up this mess for His Highness.”
Without hesitation, he brought his sword down and severed Mulder’s head.
Mulder’s body convulsed. His head hit the ground with eyes still open, like he couldn’t believe it ended this way.
After slaying Mulder, Axel finally vented his anger. He dropped the bloodied sword and kneeled before Austin to apologize.
“Your Highness, it’s my fault for not doing a good job in managing my family affairs, which led to Mulder betraying us. Please punish me as you see fit.”
“You will be punished,” Austin said indifferently. “But I need capable men right now, so I’ll give you a chance to redeem yourself.”
He added, “I’m giving you three days to root out every last one of Warrick’s accomplices. If you fail, I’ll deal with your past mistakes and this one.”
“Thank you, Your Highness, for your mercy,” Axel said.
Since Austin trusted him, Axel vowed not to disappoint him again.
Meanwhile, Jaxon and his men spent an entire night searching the seas. But despite their efforts, Poseidon’s head was nowhere to be found.
Austin didn’t wait around. He left half the troops to continue the search while he returned with Poisedon’s body.
The sea was vast, full of unpredictable currents, and home to countless marine creatures. Searching the seabed for a single head would be no easy task.
Even if Austin stayed there, there was nothing he could do.
Inside a majestic grand hall at Artea, the members of the Hall of Gods had gathered. The news of Poseidon’s defeat struck like a blow, and everyone in the room was stunned and enraged.
“I can’t believe Poseidon is so incompetent. He couldn’t even handle one simple task and nearly lost his life. What a disgrace to the Hall of Gods,” Zeus growled, frowning.
“A kid defeated him, and his body was mangled. He escaped with nothing but the tiniest fragment of his soul. What a disgrace to the title of royal god,” Hera said.
She crossed her arms, and her gaze was full of contempt. An icy chill radiated from her as if it could freeze the air around her.
Just then, the Supreme Leader, Satan, slowly rose from his throne. His towering figure exuded a commanding presence and was shrouded in a mysterious dark energy.
His cold gaze swept across the hall, and his voice was low but firm. “Logan has too much potential. If we give him a few more years to grow, he’ll become a major threat to us.” 1
“My Lord, leave him to me. I’ll make sure he doesn’t walk away in one piece,” Hera said confidently.
“My Lord, let me do it. I want him to taste the wrath of thunder,” Zeus said coldly.
Satan pondered for a moment, then gave a decisive command. “Just in case, both of you will go to Dragonmarsh. Eliminate him at all cost.”
Zeus and Hera exchanged glances before nodding in unison.
“Yes, My Lord.”
###Chapter 2522
The unrest in West Lucozia finally ended with the capture of Warrick.
Every official who was his accomplice was thoroughly investigated. Those who needed to be arrested were taken into custody, and those who deserved to be punished were executed.
After the purge, more than 300 officials in West Lucozia were removed from their posts. Those guilty were arrested, and those whose crimes were severe were executed.
Under Austin’s iron-fisted reforms, West Lucozia’s government underwent a complete overhaul. Corruption, bribery, and the tangled web of illegal deals were swept away like dust in the wind.
The citizens quickly noticed the difference. When they visited government offices, they no longer faced delays, refusals, or demands for bribes.
Long-neglected public issues began to move forward, thanks to the organized efforts of newly appointed officials. Things were improving across the board.
Instead of fearing the crackdown, the citizens welcomed it. The corrupt officials who had drained the life out of the government for so long had been rooted out by Austin, and the people of West Lucozia couldn’t be happier.
Austin’s reputation soared in the process.
No one had expected the once-disparaged playboy to become such a respected leader.
After spending three days in West Lucozia, Dustin returned to Oakvale.
Austin had planned to join him for some leisure time, but Dustin shut that idea down immediately.
With Rufus still bedridden and Eloise busy tending to him, the entire castle was Austin’s responsibility now. If he left West Lucozia, who knew what kind of mess would unfold?
Dustin firmly stopped Austin from shirking his duties and slipped away quietly.
After all, Austin was the future prince of West Lucozia. He had responsibilities to uphold.
Dustin, on the other hand, preferred the free-spirited life of the martial world. If Austin encountered any issues, he would have his back.
Before leaving, Dustin casually asked Austin how the castle planned to position itself in the growing power struggle within Aylka.
He wanted to know which prince the West Lucozian monarchy would support for the throne since it was a question on everyone’s mind.
Austin’s response was simple. “Whoever you support, we support too.”
That reply caught Dustin off guard. Being asked to represent the West Lucozian monarchy was no small request, and the weight of that responsibility began to sink in.a
He had no interest in getting involved in power struggles. But between Natasha and the West Lucozian monarchy, it was impossible for him to stay neutral.
After all, the future of Dragonmarsh was in the hands of the new king. If they picked the right ruler, the country would thrive, West Lucozia would be secure, and Natasha and her family could rise to greater heights.
But if they made the wrong choice or backed the wrong prince, it would lead to serious consequences.
Dustin knew he would need to think this through carefully.
After returning to Oakvale, he headed to the Ballard estate and handed Simon the urn containing Jovian’s ashes.
Simon broke down in tears, and the rest of the family was even more grief-stricken.
The past few days since the Ballards lost contact with Jovian, they had been anxious but hopeful. They assumed he might have been abducted and was still alive.
But now, with the urn in their possession, their last sliver of hope vanished. No one had expected his trip to West Lucozia would cost him his life.
“This is all my fault… I never should’ve let him leave Oakvale…” Simon said.
Overcome with guilt, he cried bitterly while clutching Jovian’s urn before suddenly passing out.
The Ballard family was thrown into chaos.
Dustin checked on Simon’s condition.
Simon had no serious ailment, but he was just overwhelmed by sorrow and rage.
Since Simon was unconscious, Jonathan took charge and arranged a funeral for Jovian. According to tradition, the coffin was to remain in the mourning hall for three days so others could pay their respects.
During those three days, visitors came and went.
Jovian was a third-rank military officer. He wasn’t considered the most influential in Oakvale, but he was still a well-respected figure in the city.
In addition to his father’s status as the Duke of Lachshire, many high-ranking guests came to offer their condolences.
Jovian’s wife sat beside the coffin and sobbed quietly. Her eyes were red and swollen from crying. Their son and daughter, both in their early 20s, stood solemnly beside her.
As each guest entered the mourning hall to pay their respects, Jovian’s wife and children lowered their heads in acknowledgment.
“Announcing the arrival of His Royal Highness, Prince Tristan.”
As the mourners were immersed in their grief and the solemn atmosphere, a voice called out from outside the mourning hall.
A tall, distinguished young man entered, accompanied by several officials. It was the eldest prince, Tristan Linsor.
His appearance immediately caused everyone to stop their actions, and their eyes instinctively turned toward him. There was a mix of surprise, respect, and curiosity in their gazes.
It was rare for someone of Tristan’s stature to attend such an event. His presence at Jovian’s funeral was unexpected and left everyone stunned.
###Chapter 2523
“Your Royal Highness, it’s an honor to have you here,” Jonathan said.
Upon seeing the distinguished guest arrive, he quickly pulled himself together and aside his grief. He led his family to greet Tristan, and they bowed in respect.
Before they could finish the gesture, Tristan raised a hand to stop them.
“No need for such formalities,” he said. ” The deceased deserves our respect.”
He turned to Jovian’s portrait, which was displayed in the mourning hall, and sighed deeply.
Tristan continued, “Mr. Jovian’s untimely passing is truly a great loss to Dragonmarsh. May his soul rest in peace. My condolences to your family during this difficult time.”
Jonathan’s eyes were filled with tears as he bowed his head slightly. “Thank you, Your Highness, for your kind words. My family is heartbroken over my brother’s tragic death.”
Tristan nodded slightly. His gaze quickly swept across the hall before asking, “I’ve heard that Duke Lachshire fainted from grief. How is he doing now?”
Jonathan sighed and replied, “My dad was overwhelmed with sorrow, which caused a sudden strain on his health. He’s fine now but still needs a few more days of rest.”
“He is the backbone of Dragonmarsh,” Tristan said gravely. “I deeply sympathize with his condition. Please do not hesitate to let me know if he needs anything during his recovery. I will offer my full support.”
“Thank you, Your Highness,” Jonathan said.
He understood Tristan’s underlying message.
Despite being the eldest, Tristan’s influence was the weakest among the three princes. He needed strong allies to ascend to the throne, and securing the Ballard family’s support would undoubtedly strengthen his position in the government.
Jonathan was aware of this but couldn’t openly express his thoughts at that moment.
“Announcing the arrival of His Royal Highness, Prince Matthias.”
Just as they were conversing, the announcement near the doorway cut through it.
Everyone’s gaze shifted toward the entrance, including Tristan’s. A tall, sharp-eyed young man strode in, followed by several officials.
The young man had an undeniable presence-the kind typical of someone hardened by countless battles. He was none other than Matthias Linsor.
“Your Highness, it’s an honor to have you here,” Jonathan said. He quickly led his family members to greet and bow respectfully.
“There’s no need for such formalities,” Matthias responded.
He raised his hand to stop them. Just as he was about to speak, he noticed Tristan standing there. Matthias frowned for a moment, but it smoothed out quickly.
“I didn’t expect to see you here, Tristan. This is quite the surprise,” Matthias said with a forced smile.
“Mr. Jovian died serving the country, so I had to come pay my respects. But I must say, Matthias, with your busy schedule, it’s impressive you could make the time to be here,” Tristan replied evenly.
“We both have our reasons.”
Matthias didn’t continue with the conversation. He walked into the mourning hall, lit a candle, and stood quietly for a moment of respect. His movements were quick and decisive, reflecting his no-nonsense demeanor.
After offering his respects, Matthias asked Jonathan, “How is the Duke of Lachshire?”
“My dad is fine. He just needs a few days of rest,” Jonathan replied with a nod.
“Death is as inevitable as the extinguishing of a flame. I hope he will take care of himself. If your family needs anything, please don’t hesitate to come to me. I’ll make sure you’re taken care of,” Matthias said confidently.
Tristan couldn’t help but frown at the familiar, almost rehearsed words.
Jonathan bowed his head again. “Thank you, Your Highness.”
Like Tristan, Matthias was keen to court the support of the Ballard family.
Matthias excelled in combat and was highly respected in the military. If he could secure the Ballard family’s support, his position in the battle for the throne would be greatly strengthened.
“Announcing the arrival of His Royal Highness, Prince Nathaniel.”
Another announcement came from near the doorway.
At once, the atmosphere turned uneasy.
Tristan and Matthias exchanged glances before looking toward the entrance in unison. To them, another competitor had arrived.
With all eyes on him, Nathaniel strode into the hall and was accompanied by several officials. He was tall and handsome, with an elegant air and piercing eyes.
“Your Highness, it’s an honor to have you here,” Jonathan said. He quickly composed himself and led his family members to greet and bow again.
He hadn’t expected all three of Dragonmarsh’s most powerful princes to appear in such a short time. With their presence, today’s mourning ceremony was bound to be anything but peaceful.
“Mr. Jonathan, please accept my condolences,” Nathaniel said solemnly as he entered.
He continued, “The Duke of Lachshire’s contributions are well known, and now Mr. Jovian has sacrificed his life for the country. Your family is truly loyal and honorable. I will speak on your behalf before my father to ensure your family receives the recognition it deserves.”
“Thank you, Your Highness,” Jonathan said.
The three princes had gathered in the mourning hall. They were ostensibly there to offer their condolences, but each had their own motives and were quietly vying for support.
Jonathan hoped the situation wouldn’t escalate into a power struggle that would disturb Jovian’s peaceful passing.
In a corner of the mourning hall, Dustin watched the scene unfold and shook his head. He had no desire to get involved in the government’s political struggles, but now that he was here, it was hard to ignore.
As he observed the three princes vying for the throne, a sense of unease filled him. If the wrong ruler was chosen, Dragonmarsh could easily descend into chaos.
###Chapter 2524
“Oh? I didn’t expect both of you to be here, “Nathaniel said.
He was just about to pay his respects when he spotted Tristan and Matthias inside the mourning hall. He gave a respectful nod and said, “Hello, Tristan, Matthias.”
Truthfully, he wasn’t surprised. He had already guessed they would show up.
The four ancient houses and the eight great families were all key players he needed on his side. And with the Ballard family still undecided, he wasn’t about to miss the chance to make an impression.
“I heard you left Oakvale on official business. Funny how quickly you came back,” Tristan said, his tone laced with meaning.
“It wasn’t anything important. When I heard about Mr. Jovian’s passing, I returned immediately. I wanted to pay my respects in person,” Nathaniel answered smoothly, without missing a beat.
He brushed off Tristan’s subtle jab and used the moment to show the Ballard family he was genuinely there to pay his respects.
“Don’t just stand there, Nathaniel. Go pay your respects to Mr. Jovian,” Matthias said calmly.
“Sure.” Nathaniel nodded.
He stepped forward and set a small bouquet beneath the portrait, then lowered his head in silence. His eyes reddened, and his face was filled with sorrow.
“Mr. Jovian, your passing is a tremendous loss to us and to the entire nation. I remember how you always led from the front and never hesitated to throw yourself into the fire. You won battle after battle, not just with tactics, but with courage and sheer will.
“The peace we now enjoy in Oakvale and the safety of our people-your legacy is etched into every corner of this land. Your bravery inspired generations of patriots to rise and serve their country.
“Today, as I stand here, I am filled with deep respect and sorrow. May you rest in peace. Your achievements will not be forgotten. They will be remembered for generations and forever be part of our nation’s story.”
Nathaniel placed a hand on the casket’s edge and lowered his head in a long, solemn silence.
His words moved many of those present. No one had expected him to be so openly heartfelt. He looked like a man mourning a trusted comrade, and the grief in his voice was almost contagious.
Even the Ballards, fully aware it was all for show, couldn’t help but be moved. Whatever his true intentions were, Nathaniel had made his stance clear.
“Nathaniel really knows how to put on.a show. That move made us look cold by comparison,” Tristan said with a frown.
It was a classic case of one-upping. He’d already made a public appearance, offered his condolences, and said all the right things. As the eldest prince, he was already going above and beyond.
But Nathaniel had taken it to another level.
The grief in his voice, the way he looked like he was on the verge of tears-anyone watching would’ve thought he’d just lost his own parents.
Even if Tristan wanted to, he wasn’t sure he could pull it off that convincingly.
“Hmph. All smoke and mirrors.” Matthias scoffed. “Anyone with half a brain could see he was putting on a show. The Ballards aren’t naive. They know when someone’s feeding them lines.”
“Matthias, there’s a reason people say flattery always lands even when it’s obvious. Sure, everyone knows it’s just for show with all the nice words and theatrics, but people still eat it up. That’s what makes Nathaniel so damn good at it,” Tristan said thoughtfully.
Flattering words might not change the world, but they could tip the scale at the right moment.
When two people were neck and neck-one with the gift of persuasion and the other dismissing it-the one who played to the crowd always came out ahead.
As Tristan and Matthias murmured to each other, Simon stepped into the mourning hall, dressed in black, and leaned on Natasha for support.
The moment he appeared, all eyes turned to him.
“Greetings, Duke of Lachshire.”
Everyone bowed respectfully.
Even the three princes followed suit and offered the gesture as expected from juniors to a respected senior. In the government, they were royalty. But here, they were simply guests paying their respects.
“Thank you all for coming to honor my son,” Simon said hoarsely as he nodded to the gathered crowd. “I truly appreciate it.”
“You honor us, Duke of Lachshire,” Nathaniel said.
He was the first to step forward. His voice was low and tinged with sorrow as he continued, “Mr. Jovian gave everything for this country. It’s only right that we come to honor him. And if your family ever needs anything in the future, I will do everything in my power to help.”
Tristan and Matthias exchanged glances, then stepped forward to say their piece. Their words differed little in substance.
They could afford to keep up appearances around most people, but not in front of Simon. As a senior figure and a duke of the highest rank, Simon’s status far outweighed that of Jonathan and the rest.
Whether any of the three princes had a real shot at the throne would depend heavily on where Simon cast his support.
“Your Royal Highnesses, it means a great deal that you came to pay your respects.
But as you can see, my house is in disarray. We may not be the best hosts today, and I ask for your understanding,” Simon said with a sigh.
Polite as it sounded, there was a clear subtext. His family was going through a delicate time and wasn’t interested in getting involved in the power struggle at the moment. Any matters could be addressed later.
###Chapter 2525
Tristan, Matthias, and Nathaniel weren’t fools. They understood the unspoken message loud and clear.
Their purpose for this trip was to take advantage of the opportunity to offer their condolences and win the Ballard family’s support. Should it work, all the better. If not, they’d at least make a good impression.
The key was that as long as the Ballard family didn’t pick a side or turn against them, there was still room to make things work. No need to rush into anything.
Tristan spoke first. “You’re being too kind, Duke of Lachshire. We’ve always admired Mr. Jovian’s loyalty and courage. We’re simply here to pay our respects-nothing more.”
Matthias added, “That’s right. Your family has a lot to deal with right now. Plus, you’re not as young as you used to be, so don’t wear yourself out over this. We won’t take up more of your time today.”
He gave a respectful nod, then turned to leave.
“Duke-”
Nathaniel opened his mouth to speak, but Tristan interrupted. “That’s enough, Nathaniel. The Duke is tired, so let’s not overstay our welcome. Let’s go,” he said.
There was no way he’d let Nathaniel keep talking. His brother could talk a mile a minute, so smooth with words that he’d probably raise the dead to join his cause. Give him another minute, and he’d have the Ballards on his side for the throne.
If Tristan couldn’t secure the Ballards’ support, he naturally wouldn’t let Nathaniel have a shot at it.
“Come on. I’ve got something to tell you. Let’s talk outside.” Matthias said.
He didn’t bother with subtlety. He slapped a hand on Nathaniel’s shoulder and dragged him out. Whatever Nathaniel had planned to say died on his lips.
“Duke of Lachshire, please accept our condolences. We’ll take our leave now,” Tristan said with a nod before following the others out of the mourning hall.
Tristan and Matthias were on the same page. They needed to get Nathaniel to shut up before he caused any more trouble.
With his hand still planted on Nathaniel’s shoulder, Matthias steered him out of the Ballard estate.
Matthias grinned, all easy charm, while Nathaniel’s face was twisted with frustration.
“Matthias, that’s enough.”
The second they stepped outside, Nathaniel shrugged off Matthias’ hand. He snapped, “You’re the one who wanted to leave. Why drag me along?”
“Nathaniel, the Ballards are in mourning. This isn’t the time to push your agenda. People are already side-eyeing you. I’m just looking out for you,” Matthias said.
“Hmph! Who knows what you’re really up to?” Nathaniel muttered.
“You heard what the Duke of Lachshire said earlier. He just lost his son and is in no shape to handle political matters. Why push him?” Tristan said evenly.
Nathaniel shot back, “Fair. But tell me how’s what you’re doing any different from what I want to do?”
They were all just playing the politeness game. None of them had good intentions. And none of them had any right to call the others out.
Tristan spoke calmly. “I just don’t want to see you go down the wrong path.”
Nathaniel didn’t even try to hide his irritation. “Whether I do or not is none of your business. Goodbye.”
With a flick of his sleeve, he turned and walked away without another word.
Valon’s health was getting worse by the day. It wouldn’t be long before he named a successor. The power struggle between the three princes was already out in the open.
One path led to power, and the other to destruction. If one of the princes succeeded, he’d claim the throne and rule the nation. But if they failed, there’d be no coming back.
None of them could afford to hold back now. They had to give everything they had and play as dirty as it took.
As Nathaniel’s figure disappeared into the distance, Tristan muttered, “Among the three of us, he’s always been the one Father favors most.”
Matthias nodded. “Yeah. Father’s had his eye on him since he was a kid.”
Tristan’s tone sharpened. “If-and I mean if-he ends up on the throne, what do you think happens to us?”
Matthias narrowed his eyes. “Nathaniel’s not the forgiving type. He holds grudges. If he takes the crown, you and I won’t end well.”
Tristan gave a knowing sigh. “Yeah. With Nathaniel’s personality, there’s no way he’d tolerate us.”
As brothers and rivals, they knew Nathaniel’s character all too well. He wore a friendly face, but deep down, he was petty, vengeful, and never forgot a slight. Anyone who crossed him rarely met a good end.
“You know me, Tristan. I’m loyal to a fault. Anyone who helps me, I’ll repay them a hundredfold,” Matthias said.
Without missing a beat, he changed the topic and continued, “If Nathaniel takes the throne, we’re both done for. You should back me instead. I won’t forget it when I become king.”
Tristan’s eye twitched at that, but then he smiled. “You’ve already got the Moseys behind you. Do you really think you still need me?”
Between his two brothers, Matthias might’ve been the lesser evil, but only by a hair.
Matthias and Nathaniel were the same kind of predator-ruthless, calculating, and always ready to exploit someone when it suited them.
There was no way Tristan was falling for that sugar-coated pitch. And really-who didn’t want the crown?
He’d spent half his life waiting in the wings. Now that it was finally within. reach, there was no chance he’d just let it slip away.
###Chapter 2526
“You’re wrong, Tristan,” Matthias said with a meaningful look.
He continued, “Sure, I’ve got the Moseys to back me, but I’m still far from securing the throne. Nathaniel’s got strong backing too, and this won’t be an easy win. But if you were to support me, I’d say my chances shoot up to 80%.”
In his eyes, Tristan’s support was worth more than the Ballard family.
If he could win Tristan over, his odds would jump from 60% to nearly 80%. The only question now was whether Tristan would be willing to shelve his own ambitions and place his bet on Matthias.
“You know me, Matthias. I’ve never been one for ambition or glory. This kind of power struggle just isn’t for me. I hope you can understand that,” Tristan said.
After thinking about it thoroughly, he finally turned his brother down. He knew his chances of winning were slim, yet he couldn’t let go.
Tristan was the eldest legitimate son, the rightful and undisputed heir to the throne. Aside from his poor health, he had no real shortcomings.
Every move he made had been carefully calculated. He’d spent years waiting in silence just to make it this far. There was no way he’d give up now.
Even if he only had a few years left to live, or if he only got to be the king for one day, he would still fight for it with everything he had.
“Don’t take this the wrong way, Tristan, but it pays to know your own limits,” Matthias said with an insincere smile.
He continued, “If you’re not interested in the throne, you can live comfortably with your title, and no one will bother you. But once you get caught up in this mess, walking away won’t be so easy. I hope you give it some thought.”
Matthias could tell Tristan still had ambition, even if he didn’t have the backing to match it. A man like that wasn’t a real threat unless he got in the way. And if that happened, things would get complicated. So he laid it out-not just to make things clear, but as a subtle warning.
“You’re absolutely right, Matthias. I understand,” Tristan replied. He returned the smile, though his eyes held a glint that didn’t quite match.
“Well, I’ve said what I needed to. If you ever have time, stop by my place. It’s been a while since we shared a drink like old times,” Matthias said, still smiling.
“Yeah. Next time.” Tristan nodded, but he didn’t refuse the invitation.
“Tristan, I’ve got things to take care of. I’ll be going now.”
With that, Matthias walked away.
Tristan narrowed his eyes and stood there for a long time. His expression shifted as thoughts churned behind it.
Of the four ancient houses, the Moseys had already pledged their support to Matthias. The Spanners-the strongest of them all-stood behind Nathaniel. The Fallons were closely aligned with the Moseys, which meant they’d likely follow suit.
That left only the Ballards, the last neutral family, and Tristan’s final hope.
Without the backing of any ancient house, he couldn’t count on a handful of scattered gentry to secure the throne. He had to win the Ballards over, no matter what.
After the three princes left, the Ballard estate received another distinguished guest -Princess of Ariella, Grace Linsor.
As always, she wore a veil, and her features were hidden. Yet, her presence was still unmistakably noble-something words alone couldn’t capture.
Unlike the three princes, each with their own motives, Grace had come simply to mourn Jovian. That alone eased Simon’s heart a little.
It seemed not everyone from the royal family was cold and calculating. At the very least, she was different.
Valon had often confided that if Grace had been born a man, he wouldn’t have had to worry about choosing an heir. With her ability, she was more than capable of taking on the role.
But the throne had always passed from father to son, not daughters. Even if Valon wanted to change that, he couldn’t go against the will of his ancestors.
After offering her condolences, Grace left quietly. She didn’t stay long enough to draw attention.
Before she left, she looked at Dustin like she had something to say.
Not long after, his phone vibrated. She had sent a message, and it read, “Important. Meet me at Soluna Hall tonight.”
Dustin stayed at the Ballard family’s funeral hall the whole day. Once night fell, he found an excuse to slip away.
Outside the estate, he took a cab and headed to Soluna Hall.
About 40 minutes later, he arrived at the meeting spot Grace had mentioned.
Soluna Hall wasn’t well-known in Oakvale. Most days, the place was dead quiet. But despite the lack of foot traffic, it raked in serious money because she had turned it into an intel hub.
Anyone with the right connections could buy or sell information there. The selection covered almost everything, but the price was the only downside.
Still, it was worth every penny for the high rollers who relied on good intel. The information from Soluna Hall often proved to be a lifesaver at critical moments.
###Chapter 2527
Soluna Hall had one rule-they wouldn’t accept unfamiliar customers. They only served those they knew well or people introduced by someone they trusted.
Every transaction required an appointment. Exceptions were made for urgent matters, but those came with an additional fee.
When Dustin reached the entrance, two security guards stopped him. After stating his name and being verified by the guards, they let him through.
Inside, a female attendant with a pleasant smile greeted him and led him across the main hall straight into the back garden. They passed a small fish pond and stopped in front of a secluded private room.
“This is Ms. Linsor’s private reception area. Mr. Rhys, please come in,” the female attendant said with a smile.
“She’s not here?” Dustin asked curiously.
“She had something come up, but she’ll be here soon. Please make yourself comfortable,” the attendant said, still smiling.
“Alright then.” He nodded and walked into the room.
The room was spacious, with a vintage yet elegant design that gave it a distinct charm. A subtle fragrance lingered in the air, refreshing and uplifting.
Cut-up fruit, snacks, and warm tea were already on the table.
Dustin glanced around, and his eyes landed on a bookshelf against the wall.
The shelf held a variety of rare books, each one unique and covering a range of subjects. He scanned the collection and eventually chose a book titled “The Legends of Extraordinary People.”
As the title suggested, the book chronicled legendary figures from throughout history. Some had ruled the regions, others had accomplished feats of incredible power, and some had become unbeatable in their time.
A thousand years ago, a swordsman stood alone to guard a city, and no army of 100,000 dared to enter.
There were also stories about beings who could move mountains, calm rivers, subdue monsters, and stem the tide of disasters.
Besides that, there was also a beggar who laughed three times. He took one step through heaven’s gate and vanished into the clouds at high noon.
Every person who appeared in these tales was nothing short of legendary.
As Dustin flipped through to more recent timelines, his eyes landed on the name Arion Foyer, the sage of Sacred Wrym Summit. His name was prominent and was listed first in the Champ-Tier List.
Many years ago, the Era of Demon Banishment sent shockwaves throughout the martial world. The three major demon sects, once at the peak of their power, were completely wiped out overnight. To this day, not a single trace of them remains.
Since then, Arion had held the top spot on the Champ-Tier List, and no one was able to challenge his position.
This book contained much more about Arion and his story.
Before the Era of Demon Banishment, Arion was virtually unknown. He spent his days lazing about, wasting time, and showing no interest in cultivation. He either slept or wandered aimlessly and was never once dedicated to training.
But this unremarkable man, upon learning that his mentor had been killed by the demon sect, went berserk. In a fit of rage, he single-handedly wiped out the entire sect with just a sword and left no survivors.
Dustin sat down and was intrigued as he flipped through the pages. Each legendary story felt almost like a myth that stirred something deep within him. He wondered if, one day, he would have the chance to be recorded in a book like that.
“Sorry to keep you waiting.”
At that moment, Grace, wearing a veil, finally walked in. She glanced at the book in his hands but said nothing. Instead, she sat across from him and poured two cups of tea.
“I just got here too,” Dustin replied. He placed the book back on the shelf, then smiled and asked, “Why did you ask me out so urgently? What’s going on?”
“I just received some news that concerns your safety. I’ve had to pay quite a price to verify it,” she said meaningfully.
“You’re not planning to charge me for this, right?” He raised an eyebrow.
“Of course I am. And it’s going to be double,” Grace said confidently.
“Are you serious? We’ve been through life-and-death situations together. Charging me for this? That feels a little too formal between us, don’t you think?” Dustin looked genuinely exasperated.
“Business is business,” she said with a smile. “Out there, we’re friends. But here at Soluna Hall, everything runs by the book. No personal favors, and those are the rules.”
“So you called me over just for this?” Dustin sighed. He looked like he was regretting making the wrong friend.
“Well, that’s how business works.” Grace shrugged. “But since we’re friends, I’ll give you a discount.”
“I don’t care about discounts since I’ve got nothing to give.” Dustin raised his hands in defeat.
“No problem, you can owe me. Pay me back when you have the money,” she said bluntly.
“Didn’t realize you were so money-hungry.
“He rolled his eyes.
“It’s not easy keeping a big business running without making money. Besides, money is nothing to you,” Grace teased with a playful smile.
“Alright, alright, I’ll owe you. Now, tell me, what’s this news about?” Dustin sighed and reluctantly gave in.
“What you did in West Lucozia recently has already caught the attention of the higher-ups at the Hall of Gods.” Grace’s smile faded, and her expression turned serious.
She continued, “From what I’ve gathered, they’re worried about your potential and your threat to them. So, they plan to kill you. Two royal gods are already on their way, and they’ll be here in Oakvale soon.”
###Chapter 2528
“Royal gods? And two of them?” Dustin frowned at the news.
His battle with Poseidon in West Lucozia had shown him firsthand that the Hall of Gods didn’t send weaklings into the field.
One royal god had already pushed him to his limit. If two came at him together, winning wasn’t even the question. He’d be lucky just to make it out alive.
“That’s right,” Grace said solemnly. “The royal gods, Zeus and Hera, have crossed the border. They’re even stronger than Poseidon. If they ambush you together, your chances are slim.”
She knew Dustin was strong, but he was still young.
Moreover, Zeus and Hera weren’t just anyone. They were world-class powerhouses. Surviving a fight with them would be next to impossible.
The Hall of Gods had probably figured out how dangerous Dustin could become. If they had given him a few more years to grow, they might not have been able to stop him.
“Well, that complicates things.” Dustin rested his chin in one hand with a thoughtful expression.
Two royal gods, and both were stronger than Poseidon. They were far beyond what he could handle right now.
“I’ve got two suggestions,” Grace said suddenly. “Do you want to hear them?”
“Oh?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. “Let’s hear it.”
“First one-lay low. Find a place to hide for now,” she suggested.
As long as Zeus and Hera couldn’t track him down, he’d stay safe.
“Oakvale isn’t huge, but it’s not exactly small either,” Dustin replied. “With the Hall of Gods’ influence, even if I go into hiding, it’s only a matter of time before they find me.”
The Hall of Gods has eyes everywhere, and their intel network is one of the best. Clearly, hiding wasn’t the solution.
“You’re right.” Grace nodded. “It’s not hard for them to find you. But if you hid in Sacred Wrym Summit, and even if they knew where you were, they wouldn’t dare get close.” She smiled faintly.
With a terrestrial immortal like Arion guarding the place, even the Hall of Gods wouldn’t dare step out of line.
The battle at Sacred Wrym Summit had cost them dearly. Bailey-their newly crowned royal god-and a squad of top-tier elites from several nations had all been wiped out by Arion alone.
Since then, the Hall of Gods had blacklisted the region and declared it off-limits. They wouldn’t be foolish enough to try again.
“Hiding out at the summit might keep me safe, but I can’t stay holed up forever. I’m not going to spend the next few years burrowed away like a coward.” Dustin shook his head.
“The Sacred Wrym Summit had Dracan force. With your talent, you’d only need three to five years to reach a full breakthrough. Once you reach that level, you won’t have to fear the Hall of Gods anymore,” Grace said.
“Any other options?” Dustin asked while avoiding a direct response.
To him, hiding for years wasn’t something he wanted unless it was absolutely necessary. And even if he managed to hide, what about his friends and family?
If Zeus and Hera can’t find him, they might pursue those close to him, which could turn into a real problem.
Grace seemed to have anticipated his response and didn’t try to persuade him further. Instead, she got straight to the point.
“The second option is riskier and involves the Dracan essence,” she said. “I’ve mentioned before that the Dracan essence is tied to the nation’s fate. Once it’s collected, it can stabilize the government.
“But beyond that, it can also help martial artists with their training. If you absorb all five sources of the Dracan essence, your cultivation will improve dramatically. At that point, you might even have a shot at reaching the level of terrestial immortals.”
“Absorb the Dracan essence?” Dustin frowned slightly.
He had heard of this before, but still had some reservations. Would this affect the fate of the nation? Could it bring ruin to Dragonmarsh?
He wasn’t a saint, but he wouldn’t do something to harm the people.
“You don’t need to worry too much.” Grace seemed to sense his hesitation and smiled.
She added, “The Dracan essence can’t be refined. Once you absorb it, Dragonmarsh won’t be affected negatively. On the contrary, it will not only boost your cultivation but also significantly enhance your luck. As long as you’re alive,. Dragonmarsh will be fine.”
“So, you mean I’d be carrying the entire nation’s fate on my shoulders?” Dustin’s face turned serious.
“That’s one way to look at it.” She nodded.
“That sounds too risky.”
He frowned. That was a huge burden, and he wasn’t sure he could carry it.
“If it were anyone else, I’d say no. But I trust your character. Putting the fate of the nation in your hands-it’s the right choice. For me, for you, and Dragonmarsh,” Grace said earnestly.
She was a disciple of the Regal Observatory and skilled in the art of Astral Gazing. In her eyes, Dustin was destined for greatness. Every step he took shifted the tides of Dragonmarsh’s fate.
When the nation’s destiny passed into his hands, it would give him strength in critical moments. And as he absorbed its power, Dragonmarsh wouldn’t just endure -it would flourish.
In other words, it was a win-win situation. For personal and political reasons, she believed the risk was worth it.
###Chapter 2529
“Give me a moment to think,” Dustin said.
Grace’s words sent him into deep thought.
After all, carrying the fate of Dragonmarsh was no small burden. First, he had to be tough enough to handle it. Then, he needed the resolve to accept what came with it. Once he carried that burden, it meant taking on a heavyweight.
He used to act on his own terms and do things as he pleased without worrying too much about the consequences. But once the nation’s fate was involved, everything changed.
Not that he had many options.
Dustin could either hide in Sacred Wrym Summit and hope Arion would protect him, or take a risk and absorb the Dragonmarsh’s fate to push through his cultivation’s bottleneck. Between the two, he was leaning toward the latter.
“I can give your plan a shot,” Dustin said suddenly. “But we’re still missing a piece of the Dracan essence. If we’re doing this, we need to find that last one first.”
Only once all five pieces of Dracan essence were united could he truly wield the full force of the Dragonmarsh’s fate.
“You’re right.” Grace nodded. “I already arranged for people to locate the last piece. We’re pretty sure it’s in Nathaniel’s hands. But we still haven’t figured out exactly where he’s keeping it.”
Her intelligence network was strong, but she couldn’t fully infiltrate the royal family. Digging up even this much had already pushed the limits.
After all, spying on royals was risky business. One leak could create a chain reaction no one wanted to deal with.
“Nathaniel?” Dustin narrowed his eyes slightly. “Yeah, that could be a problem.”
Nathaniel was a master of both strategy and combat, cunning and calculating. In addition to his noble status and the vast power behind him, getting the Dracan essence back from him would be no small feat.
“I might have an idea, but it’s risky. I’ll need your help to pull it off,” Grace said.
“Oh?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. “What is it?”
“Nathaniel is a greedy man,” Grace said with a knowing smile. “One Dracan essence isn’t enough for him. If he wants to ascend the throne, he’ll need at least three to maximize his power. We can use that advantage and set up a diversion.”
“Diversion?” Dustin looked confused.
“He wants Dracan essence, right? Then, let’s give him one. We’ll bait him with what we have to draw out the one he’s hiding. When the time’s right, we’ll take all of it,” she said.
He nodded slowly. “It’s a bold move, but like you said, it’s risky.”
Grace’s plan was simple, at least on paper. Lure the wolf out with bait, then take it down. If it worked, they’d hit the jackpot. If not, they’d walk away with nothing.
“For the sake of the Dracan Essence and the future of the Dragonmarsh, this risk is worth it. As long as you follow the plan, I’d say there’s at least a 70% chance of success,” Grace said confidently.
“Oh? And what exactly do you need me to do?” Dustin asked.
She explained, “It’s simple. I need you to pretend to switch sides. Then, you offer Nathaniel one of the Dracan essences to win his trust. I’ll embed a special mark in it.
“Once you’re inside and the timing’s right, you’ll retrieve it. If luck’s on your side, you might be able to steal the one Nathaniel’s already holding too.”
Since the Dracan essence had to be stored in a special container, chances were Nathaniel would keep both together. That meant once Dustin retrieved the marked Dracan essence, he’d also have a shot at grabbing Nathaniel’s.
It was essentially baiting a trap. Whether it worked or not was 30% luck and 70% skill.
Nathaniel’s mansion wasn’t easy to break into. Even if Dustin managed to locate the vault, getting inside and retrieving the Dracan essence without a hitch would all depend on whether he had the skill to pull it off.
“I get it.” Dustin nodded. “When do we start?”
“The two royal gods from the Hall of Gods have already crossed the border. They’ll be in Oakvale soon. You don’t have much time. Ideally, you should act tomorrow,” Grace said.
Time was running out. The sooner Dustin got the Dracan essence, the better his odds of surviving what was coming.
“All right. Tomorrow it is.” He didn’t hesitate.
“I’ll leak a little information, just enough to let Nathaniel know you’ve got one of the Dracan essences. Then, he’ll come to you,” Grace said. “That’ll make it look more convincing.”
Then, her tone shifted slightly. “But be careful. Nathaniel’s paranoid. Gaining his trust won’t be easy. Once you’re inside, watch for your moment, and don’t make any reckless movies.”
“Thanks for the heads-up. I know what I’m doing,” Dustin replied with a faint smile.
He’d been inside Nathaniel’s mansion once and knew the layout well enough. Besides, he was stealing, not robbing at gunpoint. It wasn’t like anyone had to die over it.
The real challenge was pulling it off without raising suspicion afterward. Now that was something worth thinking through. He needed a way to keep himself out of the picture entirely.
###Chapter 2530
The next morning, Nathaniel was inside a lavish mansion. He was in his study, flipping through an ancient manuscript.
One of his most trusted aides hurried in and lowered his voice, “Your Royal Highness, word just came in. Another trace of Dracan essence has been found.”
Nathaniel raised an eyebrow and closed the manuscript. “Where?”
“Our investigation shows it ended up in the hands of Logan Rhys,” the aide replied.
“Logan Rhys?” Nathaniel narrowed his eyes slightly and was surprised by the name.
He had tried to win Logan over before and spared no expense, but never received a response. Later, he discovered that Tristan and Matthias had done the same.
Fortunately, Logan still hadn’t picked a side. He might be holding out for the best offer, but at least he hadn’t shut the door on Nathaniel.
With the Dracan essence in his hands, Logan had become an even more valuable target. In addition to the West Lucozian monarchy, Logan was an ultimate grandmaster, which made him worth recruiting.
If Nathaniel could get him on his side, it would be a game-changer.
“Where is he now?” Nathaniel asked.
“According to our investigation, he’s checked into the Delight Hotel,” the aide replied.
“Go there right away. And make sure you invite him over. I don’t want any rough tactics.”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
The aide quickly bowed and was about to leave when Nathaniel stopped him again.
“I said to invite him. Don’t forget that.”
“Understood.”
With another respectful nod, the aide turned and headed out.
Around noon, a luxury car pulled up at the front gate of the mansion. The door opened, and Dustin stepped out. He was soon led inside by Nathaniel’s personal guards.
Nathaniel’s mansion was understated yet luxurious. It was heavily guarded and appeared ordinary at first glance. But beneath that facade, it hid something much more secretive.
As they entered, Dustin casually surveyed the surroundings while mentally noting every detail. Even though Grace had already managed to get the mansion’s blueprints for him to study, he preferred to verify things for himself. At least the layout matched the blueprints.
The only issue was that Nathaniel had set up several hidden lookout points. The moment Dustin stepped inside, he could feel the weight of at least a dozen pairs of eyes scanning him.
It was clear that navigating the mansion freely wasn’t an option without someone leading the way. Given Nathaniel’s resources, it was a given that there were skilled fighters stationed within, and any slip-up could give him away.
With a sharp awareness of the situation, Dustin followed the guards. They walked through a carefully manicured garden filled with artificial rocks. Finally, they reached the reception room.
Nathaniel was already waiting at the door. When he spotted Dustin, his face lit up with a welcoming smile.
“Logan, it’s been a while. I’ve missed you, ” he said. “Come in, come in.”
Nathaniel was full of warmth. He grabbed Dustin’s hand and led him into the room. Once inside, he ushered Dustin to sit beside him and said, “Bring the tea out!”
Soon, several young and pretty maids entered, carrying tea and pastries.
“This is a special tea I’ve been saving. You’ve got to try it.” Nathaniel gestured for Dustin to take a sip.
Dustin nodded, picked up his cup, and took a drink. “Sweet and smooth, with a lasting aftertaste. It really is fine tea.”
Nathaniel chuckled and complimented, ” You’ve got great taste.”
He gave him a thumbs up and continued, ” This tea’s reserved for special guests like you. If you like it, feel free to take some home with you.”
“Your Highness is too kind. Then, I won’t hold back.” Dustin smiled and didn’t hesitate.
Since he was here, he might as well get something out of it. Otherwise, it would look suspicious.
“We’re like brothers, so no need to be formal. If you need anything, just let me know. I’ll make sure to handle it for you,” Nathaniel said with a broad smile.
“Thank you, Your Highness.” Dustin gave a slight bow and then changed the conversation. “But I’m guessing you didn’t bring me here just to catch up. What’s really going on?”
Nathaniel chuckled. “Nothing gets past you, does it?” He finally got to the point. ” I’ve heard you had a Dracan essence. Is that true?”
“Oh? And where did you hear that?” Dustin didn’t answer directly.
He knew that admitting it right away would only make Nathaniel suspicious. Given the man’s paranoid nature, it was best to keep the conversation going and see where it led.
“I’ll be honest,” Nathaniel said with a smile. “I’ve been searching for Dracan essence for a while now. I’ve put a lot of resources into it, so I keep close tabs on any developments. Nothing slips past my network.”
“I see,” Dustin responded, looking thoughtful.
He was quietly amused. Nathaniel had spent so many resources, yet it was Grace’s intel network that had gotten the information. It was clear where Nathaniel was lacking. 1
“I understand you have your concerns,” Nathaniel said. “But don’t worry. I’m not here to waste your time. If you hand over the Dracan essence, I’ll ensure you’re well compensated.”
Nathaniel’s smile was loaded with meaning. In his eyes, Dustin’s hesitation was just a way to negotiate for a better deal.
He had money, power, and beauty. He could give Dustin whatever he wanted as long as the price was right.
###Chapter 2531
“This…” Dustin began.
He hesitated on purpose and didn’t give an immediate answer.
Upon seeing him deep in thought, Nathaniel was convinced that Dustin was weighing the pros and cons. He leaned in slightly, his smile widening with anticipation.
“You should know how much the Dracan essence means to me,” he said. “If I can gather all the essences, it’d be like fate is on my side. My path to the throne would be unstoppable-and when that time comes, your reward will be waiting.”
As he spoke, his gaze stayed on Dustin as he searched for any sign of hesitation in his expression.
Dustin looked up and met his eyes. For a moment, something unreadable flickered in his gaze.
He pressed his lips together and spoke slowly. “You’re right, Your Highness. But it wasn’t easy to find the Dracan essence. I went through quite a few twists and turns. Besides, if I give it to you, it might put me at odds with the other two princes.”
He paused deliberately and left the rest unsaid. Still, the concern in his tone couldn’t be missed.
“You don’t have to worry about that. This stays between us, and no one else will ever find out,” Nathaniel said, picking up on Dustin’s implication immediately.
Patting his chest, he promised, “Even if Tristan or Matthias somehow find out, I’ll do my best to protect you. No one’s going to lay a finger on you.”
He spoke with absolute certainty, and the look in his eyes left no room for doubt.
“With that kind of sincerity, how could I say no?” Dustin replied. After a brief pause, he added, “But I have one more question.”
“Go ahead.” Nathaniel’s eyes lit up. As long as Dustin gave him the Dracan essence, he was willing to agree to almost anything.
“How confident are you that you’ll actually take the throne?!” Dustin asked plainly.
“Oh?” Nathaniel raised an eyebrow and was caught off guard. He hadn’t expected Dustin to ask that.
Dustin had made it clear earlier that he had no intention of interfering in their power struggle. Now, it looked like he was thinking about getting involved.
After a moment of thought, Nathaniel replied, “If you’re willing to hand over the Dracan essence, I’d say I’d have at least a 50% chance of success.”
Then, he added, “But if you decide to assist me, my odds go up to 80.”
Dustin wasn’t just an ultimate grandmaster, but he also had the support of the West Lucozian monarchy. With his strength and influence, he was one of the most powerful figures in Dragonmarsh. To Nathaniel, he was more valuable than any of the ancient houses.
Nathaniel’s earlier claim of an 80% chance was likely an understatement. If he gained the support of the West Lucozian monarchy, Tristan and Matthias wouldn’t stand a chance against him, even if they joined forces.
Dustin didn’t respond right away. Instead, he calmly picked up the teacup and took a sip, as if carefully considering Nathaniel’s words.
Nathaniel grew anxious but did his best to mask it. He forced himself to stay composed and said, “Logan, you’re a smart man. With civil unrest on the horizon, it’ll be hard for someone in your position to remain neutral.
“Even if you don’t care about your future, think about the West Lucozian monarchy. If Tristan or Matthias takes the throne, they won’t tolerate its existence. Their first move will be to strip the nobility of their influence.
“But I’m different. My loyalty is to the people and the nation. I understand the significant contribution the West Lucozian monarchy has made to Dragonmarsh.
“If you support me, I can promise a privileged position for you and the protection of the monarchy’s future. If you don’t believe me, I’ll swear on it right now. 11
Nathaniel raised his hand, as if ready to swear a solemn oath on the spot.
Dustin found it amusing. Nathaniel talked about having the country’s welfare at heart, yet his shamelessness was remarkable. Though he found it laughable, he kept his expression composed.
“Your Highness, I appreciate your sincerity,” he responded as if genuinely moved. “But this isn’t something I can decide lightly. I hope you’ll give me some time to think it over.”
“Of course,” Nathaniel said.
He smiled and continued, “I understand your caution. Why don’t you stay here tonight and take your time to think it over? I’ll have my staff prepare several escorts to help you relax and enjoy your stay.”
He knew better than to rush Dustin. Pushing too hard could easily backfire.
“Then, I’ll thank you for your generous hospitality,” Dustin said with a nod.
“Come on. The food’s ready. I can tell we’re going to get along great. Let’s eat while we chat,” Nathaniel said enthusiastically as he led Dustin toward the dining room.
It was midday, and Nathaniel had already arranged a lavish spread. But now, he was more interested in Dustin than the Dracan essence.
The Dracan essence could help boost his chances, but it wasn’t foolproof. If he could secure the support of an ultimate grandmaster like Dustin, he could also gain the backing of the West Lucozian monarchy.
Once he had that, along with the support of the Spanners and other great families, the throne would be within reach.
###Chapter 2532
During the meal, Nathaniel arranged for two women to accompany Dustin.
Throughout history, even the greatest heroes couldn’t resist the allure of beautiful women. Sometimes, a woman of extraordinary beauty could be far more enticing than rare treasures or high status. 2
Dustin remained composed. He neither showed any enthusiasm nor did he deliberately reject it.
As for the women seated on either side of him, he treated them with polite respect. He enjoyed a drink and the easy conversation with them, but nothing beyond that.
However, Nathaniel saw it differently. To him, it seemed that Dustin was unimpressed by the women at his side.
Considering Dustin’s background, it made sense. A woman of ordinary beauty would never catch his attention.
Nathaniel realized he would need to pull out all the stops. Perhaps, it was time to bring out his most prized companion and see how Dustin responded.
After the meal, he led Dustin to his mansion’s training ground.
The midday sun blazed overhead as over a hundred soldiers, clad in full armor, practiced combat on the open training ground. Their physiques were formidable, and their skills were honed to perfection.
Their presence was commanding, and it was clear they had been handpicked and rigorously trained to be the best. Any one of them could easily be a mid-ranking officer in any army.
Dustin observed them and noticed that the strength of these elite units was on par with West Lucozia’s enforcement team.
Even the lowest-ranking among them had achieved divinity, and the two leading officers were grandmaster martial artists.
However, they weren’t any ordinary grandmasters.
With this kind of combat strength, they’d be unstoppable no matter where they were stationed. They could easily wipe out a powerful family.
Dustin figured this was likely Nathaniel’s underlying strength.
What was visible on the surface was just the tip of the iceberg. Who knew how many more experts were hidden behind the shadow?
It was clear now why he had stood out among the other princes and become one of the top contenders for the throne.
Nathaniel was not someone to take lightly.
“What do you think of my men?” Nathaniel asked with a smile. “Do they meet your standards?”
He intentionally took Dustin to the training grounds to show off his strength and let him know he had a solid foundation of power. This was a subtle way of winning Dustin’s support.
“Not bad. Each one of them looks like they could take on a dozen men. Their combat strength is impressive,” Dustin praised.
He nodded and added, “‘I didn’t expect Your Highness to command such a powerful force. It’s truly impressive.”
Nathaniel chuckled. “Well, this is just something I threw together. A team assembled like that would never make it to the big leagues.”
“You’re being modest, Your Highness,” Dustin replied. “Even if you casually assembled them, it still rivals the strength of a guild with over a hundred years of history.”
He wasn’t just saying that to flatter Nathaniel.
Leading the team were two powerful grandmaster martial artists, along with over a dozen halfway to becoming a grandmaster, and over a hundred experts who had achieved divinity. Their combat strength easily rivaled many major guilds.
What stood out most was that Nathaniel’s soldiers had undergone special training. They follow orders and work together seamlessly to amplify their combat effectiveness. This force was beyond what any regular martial world forces could handle.
“Logan, my soldiers still have room for improvement. Since you’re here, why don’t you help me train them? Show them what real skill looks like-remind them there’s always someone better,” Nathaniel said.
He took the initiative to extend an invitation. It was a chance to show off his strength and put his troops through their paces.
Though his men were experienced in battle, they had never faced top experts from the martial world. With someone like Logan to test them, Nathaniel wasn’t about to let the opportunity go to waste.
“Your Highness, I don’t think this is appropriate.” Dustin looked a little hesitant.
These soldiers were Nathaniel’s pride and joy. If Dustin hurt any of them, his plan could backfire.
Nathaniel laughed. “Come on. It’s just a friendly spar-no weapons. Just give them a few pointers. My soldiers have gotten a little too full of themselves lately. It wouldn’t hurt for them to take a few hits and get knocked down a peg.”
“In that case, I’ll spar with them.” Dustin didn’t turn him down this time.
With his sharp instincts, he could easily see through Nathaniel’s intentions. He had to admit that the prince was shrewd and calculating. Even now, he wasn’t going to let an opportunity slip to make use of Dustin.
“Excellent,” Nathaniel replied.
He smiled faintly, then stepped forward and clapped his hands lightly.
The soldiers, who had been engaged in intense combat drills earlier, immediately stopped sparring.
“Get in position!” a burly, bearded general bellowed.
Within seconds, the previously scattered soldiers instantly formed a perfect line. Each one stood tall, and their eyes were sharp and focused. They radiated a sense of raw power and unshakable confidence.
“The one leading them is General Lycas Derin,” Nathaniel said, gesturing toward the burly, bearded man. Then, to the slender, spear-wielding man beside him. ” And the one next to him is his second-in-command, Lieutenant General Bryce Gantz.
11
Lycas stepped forward with a firm stride and saluted. “At your service, Your Highness. What are your orders?”
“This is Mr. Rhys,” Nathaniel introduced. ” He’s one of the best in his field. Pick a few of your top men and let them spar with him.”
“Huh?”
Lycas raised an eyebrow. His gaze narrowed as he turned to Dustin. There was a hint of skepticism in his eyes.
He didn’t take Nathaniel’s description of Dustin seriously. How could a kid who looked like they couldn’t even lift a sword possibly be a match for his elite soldiers?
###Chapter 2533
“Your Highness, the soldiers under me are trained solely in killing techniques. If they hurt your guest, things could get ugly,” Lycas said.
He didn’t say it outright, but the message was clear. If Dustin wasn’t strong enough, he’d better stay out of the way, or he was just asking for trouble.
Bryce didn’t say anything, but the look he gave Dustin was full of contempt.
How could a pampered young man like Dustin measure up to soldiers who’ve been through the grind? He figured Dustin was probably some heir from a prominent family who knew Nathaniel and was trying to assert his relevance.
“You guys are blind to greatness when it’s standing right in front of you.” Nathaniel chuckled and shook his head.
He added, “If any of you manage to land a hit on Mr. Rhys, I’ll pay out a thousand gold. But honestly, I doubt any of you have what it takes.”
At the mention of rewards, the soldiers perked up. Their eyes lit up with excitement. They were practically itching to charge at Dustin and give him a good beating.
“If that’s what Your Highness wants, I’ll send a few men to test him,” Lycas said with a nod.
He then turned and pointed to five of his strongest elite soldiers. “You five-step forward.”
“Yes, sir!”
The five men answered in unison and stepped into the center of the training ground.
Years of brutal training had molded them into hardened fighters. Their eyes were sharp, and their presence was heavy with lethal intent.
Nathaniel turned to Dustin. “Some of my men can be a bit arrogant. Could you do me a favor and teach them a lesson today?” he asked with a smile.
“Since you asked, I’m happy to oblige,” Dustin replied, nodding.
Slowly, he walked forward and stood in front of the five soldiers. He stood with his hands behind his back, calm, but with a quiet intensity in his eyes.
These soldiers were certainly skilled. But at his current level, they wouldn’t be much of a challenge unless thousands were in his way.
“Go all out, and don’t embarrass His Highness,” Lycas ordered.
Though he looked down on Dustin, there was no room for holding back when honor was at stake.
“Whenever you’re ready,” Dustin said as he extended his hand.
“The fight starts now!” Lycas commanded without hesitation.
The five soldiers didn’t hesitate. They quickly moved into position and surrounded Dustin in a well-coordinated formation.
Two charged in from the left. One aimed a low sweep to trip Dustin, while the other jumped up and aimed a powerful punch straight at his face.
On the right, the other two soldiers were just as aggressive. One wielded a short baton and spun it rapidly with flashing strikes. It effectively blocked Dustin’s path and prevented him from dodging to the right.
The other was quick and nimble, looking for any weakness in Dustin’s defense.
Dustin didn’t flinch as the five men closed in. He slipped to the side and avoided the sweeping kick from the left. Then, he casually raised his left hand to block the punch straight at his face.
The soldier felt like he’d just punched a concrete wall. Pain shot up his arm, and he let out a low grunt.
At the same time, Dustin turned sharply and did a spinning kick. His right boot accurately kicked the wrist of the soldier holding the short baton with a sharp crack.
The baton hit the ground, and the soldier’s face went pale as he staggered backward while clutching his injured wrist.
Seeing this, the remaining three soldiers intensified their attack. They coordinated seamlessly while constantly changing their attack angles.
However, Dustin moved like a shadow. He glided effortlessly through their formation. In the blink of an eye, he appeared behind one of the soldiers and swiftly struck his back.
The soldier felt a sudden surge of force. His body lurched forward and slammed to the ground.
Another soldier took the opportunity to strike, but Dustin didn’t retreat. Instead, he charged right at him while throwing a punch. The punch seemed ordinary, but it was delivered with lightning speed.
The soldier didn’t have time to react before the blow landed squarely on his chest. The impact sent him flying backward several feet, blood spitting from his mouth.
In mere seconds, all five elite soldiers were on the ground and unable to continue fighting.
Dustin had deliberately held back his strength. Otherwise, the five soldiers would be dead or disabled.
“How is that possible?”
The sudden turn of events left the soldiers staring in disbelief. The earlier contempt was gone and was replaced with deep respect.
Lycas and Bryce were equally stunned by what they saw. They had never imagined that Dustin, who appeared frail, could possess such terrifying strength. Five of their elite soldiers couldn’t even land a blow against him.
“I didn’t expect him to be an expert,”
Lycas muttered. He frowned, and his expression turned sour.
Bryce, too, wore a serious expression. His impression of Dustin had changed.
From the sidelines, Nathaniel flashed a faint smile. This was the outcome he was aiming for.
“Logan, that was impressive.” Nathaniel applauded and praised him. “My soldiers have been too full of themselves lately.
After today’s lesson, I’m sure they’ll tone it down a lot after this.”
“You flatter me, Your Highness,” Dustin replied humbly.
He added, “These soldiers have never fought experts from the martial world. They’re lacking in technique. I just had the advantage of experience, that’s all.”
Although he’d won, he still believed the soldiers deserved some dignity.
“Mr. Rhys, I owe you an apology for underestimating you earlier,” Bryce said. He suddenly shrugged off his jacket, revealing a solid, muscular frame.
His eyes burned with resolve. “I’d like to test my skills against you. Will you spar with me?”
###Chapter 2534
Bryce’s request for a fight heated up the atmosphere.
Soldiers around the training ground started murmuring among themselves.
“Lieutenant General Gantz is a legend in our ranks. His combat skills are no joke-he’s taken down countless enemies on the battlefield. I haven’t seen him in action in years,” one young soldier said with awe.
“Yeah,” a veteran agreed. “Lieutenant General Gantz has been through countless battles, and his strength is unmatched. If he steps in, Mr. Rhys might be in for a rough time.”
After the fight earlier, the soldiers knew firsthand that Dustin was no slouch. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have easily defeated the five elite soldiers.
But in their minds, no matter how skilled Dustin was, he stood no chance against Bryce.
Bryce was a grandmaster not just in rank but in skill, physical strength, and battlefield experience. He was stronger than any expert from the martial world.
Nathaniel had once recruited several grandmaster martial artists to spar with them, but they were defeated by Bryce.
As far as the soldiers were concerned, Dustin wouldn’t be any different.
“What’s the matter? Are you worried about something, Mr. Rhys?” Bryce asked.
He stood at the center of the training ground. With his commanding posture, he radiated a majestic presence. There was no breeze, but his hair fluttered slightly, and the air seemed to tremble with his presence.
Dustin glanced at Nathaniel, who simply smiled without saying a word.
After a moment, Dustin nodded and said, ” Since you’re so eager, let’s trade a few moves.”
“Good. I like your attitude,” Bryce replied with a smile.
He gestured with one hand and said, ” There are plenty of weapons in the training ground, Mr. Rhys. Feel free to grab one. If nothing suits you, there are other divine weapons in the store room.”
“No need,” Dustin replied, shaking his head. “It’s just a friendly spar, no need for weapons.”
“Fine. Let’s settle this with hand-to-hand combat,” Bryce said.
He slowly stretched his arms, and the joints popped with a sharp crack.
The strength Dustin had shown earlier made Bryce realize that his opponent was no pushover. It had been a long time since he had faced a worthy opponent. Today, he was ready for a real challenge.
“Be careful, Bryce. Don’t underestimate your opponent,” Lycas reminded him in a low voice.
“Don’t worry. I know what I’m doing,” Bryce replied with a grin.
His eyes locked onto Dustin. He was primed and eager for the fight.
“Mr. Rhys, I’m ready whenever you are,” he said.
“Go ahead,” Dustin replied. He gestured with one hand for Bryce to make the first move.
“Here I come!” Bryce shouted.
Without hesitating, he charged forward with explosive speed. The force of his sprint sent a gust of wind swirling in his wake, leaving behind a deep set of footprints.
In the blink of an eye, he was in front of Dustin. His right fist launched like a cannonball aimed straight at Dustin’s chest. The punch carried incredible force. If it landed, it could crush anything in its path.
Dustin didn’t flinch. He tilted his body slightly and effortlessly dodged Bryce’s attack. Simultaneously, his left hand shot out and aimed for Bryce’s ribs like a sharp blade.
Bryce reacted quickly. He quickly withdrew his right fist and dodged sideways. Then, he immediately stepped forward with his left foot. He tilted his body as his left leg swung like an iron rod toward Dustin’s lower body.
Dustin saw the attacks coming and quickly pushed off the ground. He leaped high into the air and effortlessly dodged Bryce’s sweeping kick. In midair, he turned his body and launched a lightning-fast kick toward Bryce’s head.
Bryce quickly raised his arms to protect his head, and Dustin’s kick hit his arms with a dull thud. He felt a surge of force hit him, and he staggered back several steps. His arm went numb from the impact.
He frowned. But there was no time to be surprised as he immediately launched his counterattack. His hands moved rapidly and created afterimages of shadow fists that rained down on Dustin.
Each punch Bryce threw carried immense force, creating a sharp crack in the air with every blow.
Dustin moved with quick, light steps. He darted back and forth with an almost mystical grace as he effortlessly dodged each attack.
No matter how hard Bryce attacked, Dustin was always one step ahead. However, his counterattack could send Bryce stumbling back.
The fierce battle between the two had the soldiers completely transfixed. None of them had expected the fight to be this intense.
They had initially thought Bryce would easily defeat Dustin, but now it was clear that Dustin’s strength was far beyond what they had expected.
After watching for a while, Nathaniel suddenly said, “Logan, stop holding back. Show them what you’re really capable of.”
Others might not have noticed, but he could tell Dustin wasn’t going all out.
Perhaps it was out of respect for Nathaniel or to spare Bryce from an embarrassing defeat.
Dustin had been suppressing his cultivation. He mainly focused on defense and evasion and rarely initiated an attack.
With Dustin’s strength as an ultimate grandmaster, Bryce wouldn’t last more than ten moves. If he had used his full strength, the fight wouldn’t have dragged on like this.
“Come on, Mr. Rhys. Show me what you’ve got,” Bryce challenged while swinging his fists wildly.
He couldn’t help but feel a bit frustrated with Dustin, who had been avoiding his attacks the whole time. The fight wasn’t going anywhere, and it wasn’t even satisfying.
“Okay. If that’s what you want,” Dustin replied with a faint smile.
In a flash, his fist slammed toward Bryce with unrelenting force. The punch was fast and brutal, like a falling meteor. It was impossible to dodge.
Bryce’s eyes widened in alarm. He instinctively raised his arms to block.
A thunderous impact echoed across the training ground.
Bryce’s defense crumpled, and his arms were dislocated. The overwhelming force sent him flying several feet away.
He crashed hard into the dirt, blood pouring from his nose and mouth. His face twisted in shock and disbelief.
###Chapter 2535
Bryce knew Dustin was strong, but this was beyond anything he anticipated. Though he had gained the upper hand early on, Bryce still believed his skills matched Dustin’s.
From his observation, Dustin relied on martial arts techniques and hit-and-run tactics. Plus, he didn’t dare to confront Bryce head-on.
He had assumed that as long as he found an opening, he could exploit Dustin’s weaknesses and defeat him. But when Dustin finally stopped holding back, Bryce realized how wrong he’d been.
It turned out Dustin wasn’t just playing hit -and-run tactics. Instead, he’d held back the entire time to spare Bryce from an embarrassing defeat.
The moment Dustin stopped holding back, Bryce didn’t stand a chance. Even without special techniques, Dustin’s raw power, speed, and reflexes were enough to crush him.
The difference in their abilities was staggering, so much so that no amount of skill could close the gap.
And it wasn’t just Bryce who was shocked. Except for Nathaniel, who had already expected this outcome, everyone else was stunned.
They hadn’t anticipated that after Dustin went all out, it would take only one strike to defeat Brycе.
After all, Bryce was a battle-hardened grandmaster martial artist. Among his peers, he was considered one of the best.
Sure, his aggressive assault had drained him of some energy, but none of that mattered when Dustin landed his punch.
Everyone couldn’t deny that they had underestimated the seemingly unassuming Dustin.
“Mr. Rhys, your strength is extraordinary. I admit defeat,” Bryce said.
He rose to his feet and saluted Dustin. His earlier contempt was replaced by genuine admiration.
In the military, strength commanded respect. A talent like Dustin-young and strong-was the kind of person everyone looked up to.
“I appreciate the challenge, General Gantz, “Dustin replied with a salute. There was no hint of pride in his tone.
For him, this was just a sparring session to help Nathaniel drill his men. The outcome had never been in doubt.
“So, what do you think? Have everyone finally realize there’s always someone better,” Nathaniel said. His gaze swept over his soldiers with a subtle but unmistakable warning.
He continued, “You’ve all trained hard, but many of you have become too arrogant and proud of your abilities. I brought Mr. Rhys here today to teach you a lesson. Remember this-from now on, stay humble, be patient, and always strive to improve.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” the soldiers responded in unison. Dustin’s youth and strength had clearly sparked their motivation.
“If anyone still has doubts, feel free to challenge Mr. Rhys and test yourselves,” Nathaniel added with a grin.
As soon as he said it, everyone glanced around at each other. If even Bryce had been taken down so easily, what hope did the rest of them have?
Their strength difference was just too big. Challenging Dustin now felt less like training and more like volunteering for a beating.
“I’ll do it!”
At that moment, Lycas, who was eager to try, finally stood up. As the team’s commanding officer, his strength was unquestionable and far surpassed Bryce’s.
Since Bryce had been defeated, whether to learn or to redeem himself, Lycas knew it was time for him to step in.
“It’s rare to meet someone of your caliber, Mr. Rhys. I’d be honored to learn from you, “Lycas said, and he stepped forward with a salute.
Not only was he bigger and stronger than Bryce, but his cultivation was on another level. He believed that if he went all out against Dustin, he had a 50% chance of winning.
“Logan, looks like I’ll have to trouble you again,” Nathaniel said with a knowing smile.
“No trouble at all,” Dustin replied calmly. ” If General Derin is eager to spar, I’m happy to oblige.”
“Since you’ve had hand-to-hand combat earlier, how about we use weapons this time?” Lycas suggested with a grin.
While he was capable in hand-to-hand combat, he was more comfortable with weapons and was eager to show off his strengths.
“Sure.” Dustin nodded.
“Bring me my blade!” Lycas commanded sharply.
Soon, two elite soldiers came over carrying a heavy broadsword.
Lycas grabbed the hilt. He spun it several times in the air, then slammed the pommel on the ground.
A low rumble echoed as the ground trembled slightly under the force.
“Mr. Rhys, the training ground has a variety of weapons. Choose whatever you like,” Lycas said loudly.
“I prefer using a sword,” Dustin said.
Without another word, he raised his hand and made a grabbing motion. A longsword from the weapon rack landed perfectly in his hand. The sword vibrated slightly and emitted a soft hum.
The weapons in Nathaniel’s mansion were far from ordinary. Even this longsword, forged from darksteel, was sharp enough to slice through a hair with ease. It was a testament to the quality and history behind them.
“Mr. Rhys, I look forward to our fight,” Lycas said. He held the broadsword with one hand and took a stance.
“Same here,” Dustin replied. He gripped the sword in a reverse hold and nodded.
Everyone stared at them, the anticipation thick in the air.
On one side stood their general, and on the other, a martial arts expert invited by Nathaniel. In a contest of weapons, it was anyone’s guess who would come out on top.
###Chapter 2536
Lycas gripped his broadsword with both hands and roared. The sound cracked through the air like a thunderclap.
He sidestepped sharply and charged straight at Dustin like a raging bull.
The heavy broadsword moved like it weighed nothing in his hands. He swung it with brutal speed. Each arc cut through the air with a sharp, whistling howl, as if it could slice through anything in its path.
The broadsword came crashing down on Dustin with bone-crushing force, like a mountain falling from the sky.
Lycas threw his full weight into the swing. As the sword descended, the force of the strike stirred up dust from the ground. It sent plumes of dirt in every direction.
He knew Dustin was no ordinary opponent. If he wanted a chance to win, he had to make the first move and seize the initiative.
“Nice form,” Dustin said.
As Lycas launched a powerful, aggressive attack, Dustin remained calm and unruffled. With effortless grace, he sidestepped without the slightest rush.
The broadsword whizzed by. It grazed his clothes and sent a rush of wind in its wake.
With a swift flick of his sword, Dustin moved like a snake dodging its prey. As he avoided Lycas’ attack, he thrust his blade toward his opponent’s shoulder.
Lycas reacted instantly. After a quick slash that missed its mark, the strike abruptly changed form and slashed out in a wide horizontal arc.
The broadsword edge glinted in the sunlight. A silver streak whipped through the air as it raced toward Dustin’s waist with blistering speed and bone-crushing force.
Lycas didn’t even try to block Dustin’s strike. Instead, he was going all-in on a brutal trade.
In his eyes, a stab to the shoulder would only result in a minor injury-nothing fatal. But if his blade landed, it would be enough to sever Dustin’s torso in half.
Lycas was sure Dustin wouldn’t dare take the hit. He would definitely avoid the strike.
And that was exactly what happened.
When Lycas swung his broadsword in a wide arc, Dustin instantly abandoned his attack. He pushed off the ground and launched into the air to avoid the deadly strike.
At the same time, he swung his long sword. He brought it down from above in a whip-like motion and aimed at Lycas’ arm.
The angle of the strike was tricky. Its speed was lightning-fast and was nearly impossible to defend against.
But Lycas was quick. He raised his broadsword and used the flat of the blade to block Dustin’s fierce thrust.
A sharp clang rang out with sparks flying in all directions. It was like the toll of a bell echoing across the training ground.
The force behind the collision made Lycas1 arm slightly numb. He was taken aback.
He’d expected Dustin to rely on nimble, evasive tactics. But to his surprise, Dustin’s explosive power was equally impressive. He was far from ordinary.
There was no time for hesitation. Lycas swung his broadsword and launched another brutal attack.
The broadsword was built for power, with each strike coming down heavily and relentlessly. Every swing carried the potential to decide the outcome of the fight. If he found an opening, even a light slash could seriously injure his opponent.
The battle raged on. Dustin and Lycas alternated between offense and defense. Their movements were a blur as they clashed with intense ferocity.
Lycas had been through enough battles to know how to play to his strengths even when the odds were against him. That alone made him leagues ahead of Bryce.
The clash between Lycas and Dustin was a whirlwind of steel. It was too fast for most eyes to follow.
Both fighters made full use of their weapons’ strengths.
Lycas’ broadsword packed a punch and kept his enemies at a distance. Paired with his bold, sweeping strikes, each blow landed with explosive force.
Dustin’s longsword was quick and agile. It was perfect for switching up his attacks.
Combined with his unpredictable footwork, the two worked in perfect sync.
While it was still unclear who would come out on top, the fight had certainly been exciting. It left everyone watching thoroughly impressed.
But as time dragged on, Lycas began to feel the weight of the battle pressing down on him.
No matter how hard he swung or how aggressively he attacked, Dustin deflected every blow with ease and even countered with precision. At first, it wasn’t much of a concern, but now, Lycas could feel his stamina slipping.
His energy was draining, and the longer this continued, the more inevitable his defeat became. He needed to find a way to break the deadlock and throw Dustin off his rhythm if he wanted any chance of winning.
Drawing a deep breath, Lycas’ eyes hardened with resolve. He knew he’d have no chance of winning today if he didn’t use his ultimate move.
“Titan Breaker!” he shouted.
Gripping his broadsword with both hands, he lifted it above his head. A surge of raw, grandmaster-level internal energy was channeled into the weapon.
In that instant, the blade glowed in a brilliant golden flare that shone as brightly as the sun itself.
“Slash him!” Lycas roared.
He swung his broadsword down with all his might and aimed at Dustin. The strike culminated his entire strength, life essence, and energy.
As the blade descended, the surrounding air seemed to warp under the weight of an overwhelming force. It created a turbulent, almost unnatural current.
Air surged in the blade’s wake as it stirred into a prison of currents that locked Dustin in place. It momentarily trapped him and perfectly amplified the overwhelming force of the strike.
At that moment, everyone held their breath and their eyes locked on the battlefield. They all knew this decisive strike would be the turning point of the battle. If Lycas’ sword landed, victory would be his.
Despite the overwhelming force of the attack, Dustin remained completely calm, as if this earth-shattering blow was nothing more than a light breeze.
Just as Lycas’ broadsword was about to strike his head, Dustin made his move.
His longsword moved with incredible speed and angle as it carved an arc through the air. What seemed like a casual strike was actually a perfectly timed blow. It landed precisely at the point where the broadsword’s hilt connected to the blade.
The sword cut through the air with incredible speed and power. There was a sharp crack as Dustin’s weapon cleanly snapped Lycas’ broadsword in two. The upper half dropped to the ground.
Lycas lurched forward, almost losing his balance from the force of his own strike. What he had intended as a finishing blow was effortlessly countered by Dustin.
###Chapter 2537
The crowd murmured among themselves as they looked at the broken broadsword and the stunned expression on Lycas’ face.
“That strike was insanely fast and dead-on too,” someone commented.
“I never expected General Derin’s secret move to be defeated like that. It’s unbelievable,” another said.
“I thought General Derin could turn things around for us, but he still lost,” a third added.
Everyone knew how strong Lycas was. As a fully developed grandmaster with a broadsword, he was supposed to be unstoppable. However, at the critical moment, Dustin’s strike shattered his broadsword.
Lycas’ loss was sudden and almost unbelievable. Some blamed bad luck and thought he could have won if things had gone differently. But those who truly understood what happened knew better.
Even with Dustin’s movement restricted and Lycas unleashing his strongest technique, he still pierced through the opening with near-impossible timing.
That strike wasn’t just lucky but masterful. It was a brutal display of speed and control, and the raw proof of true strength.
Lycas was already gasping for breath, while Dustin looked like he hadn’t even warmed up. And this was after three back-to-back fights.
From beginning to end, he hadn’t even broken a sweat. It was clear he had been holding back the entire time, even against Lycas.
So while Lycas lost, he had no reason to feel humiliated because the expert Nathaniel brought was much stronger than any of them.
Nathaniel was the first to react. He clapped his hands and laughed heartily.
“Logan, your reputation is well-earned. You’ve truly opened our eyes today,” he said.
The rest of the soldiers quickly followed, breaking into applause. Their eyes, once filled with doubt, now showed nothing but admiration.
Dustin had defeated Bryce and Lycas. Even after winning three consecutive fights, he stood calm and unshaken. It was a living testament to his strength.
Though he was around their age, he was already a seasoned grandmaster martial artist. None of the soldiers present had ever seen talent like his before.
Dustin saluted Lycas respectfully. Then, he raised his hand, and the longsword returned to the weapon rack.
“Thank you for the match, General Derin,” he said.
Lycas stepped forward and saluted. “Mr. Rhys, your skill is extraordinary. I accept my defeat without any excuses,” he said.
Others might not have noticed, but he knew exactly how terrifying that last strike had been.
Dustin’s final strike had been so fast he hadn’t even seen it coming. What terrified Lycas even more was how Dustin had spotted the flaw in his technique in a single heartbeat.
Against such a genius expert, all he could do was look up to Dustin.
Nathaniel looked at Lycas and Bryce with a knowing smile. “So, how does it feel?” he asked. “Now you finally understand what it means that there’s always someone stronger, right?”
“You’re right, Your Highness,” Lycas replied earnestly. “We were too full of ourselves and thought we were above everyone because of our cultivation. After facing off against Mr. Rhys earlier, we now realize how much we still have to learn.”
“That’s true,” Bryce chimed in. “Mr. Rhys has shown us just how much we have left to learn. From now on, we’ll work harder and never slack off again.”
Dustin’s skill had won their respect.
Though he won both sparring matches, he held back enough not to make their losses too hard to swallow. This action only made them respect him even more.
“Okay. Continue with your training. I still have some things to discuss with Mr. Rhys, “Nathaniel said.
He didn’t linger in the training ground and quickly led Dustin away.
Once outside, Nathaniel chuckled and asked, “What do you think? My soldiers are impressive, huh?”
Dustin was an ultimate grandmaster.
Nathaniel couldn’t help but feel proud seeing Lycas and Bryce last that long against him.
“They’re the cream of the crop and even better than I anticipated,” Dustin replied with a smile.
Nathaniel laughed and said proudly, “Well, they might not match up to you. But in Oakvale, they’re among the best.”
He had invested a lot of effort into training his elite soldiers, but this team was just the visible part of his strength. He also kept a hidden force that no one knew about in reserve as his secret weapon.
“You have built an impressive foundation, Your Highness. It’s truly admirable,” Dustin said politely.
Nathaniel replied, “This is nothing.
Honestly, what my team needs is someone like you. We need someone who can truly take charge. Only then will it feel like everything’s complete.” His tone was heavy with meaning.
Dustin smiled but didn’t answer directly.
“Of course, I’m not trying to pressure you into making a decision right now. Take your time,” Nathaniel added with a carefree smile. “As they say, it’s not all about the deal. What matters most is that we’ve kept things good between us, no matter how it turns out.”
Dustin nodded. “Of course.”
“You’ve fought three tough battles back-to -back, so you must be exhausted. Go and get some rest,” Nathaniel suggested. He didn’t push the matter any further.
“Mr. Rhys, please come this way,” one of the maids said.
The maid on the left, graceful and discreet, stepped forward to lead him into the inner courtyard.
As Dustin’s figure disappeared down the corridor, Nathaniel narrowed his eyes slightly. He turned to another maid and said quietly, “Inform Felicia to keep Mr. Rhys company.”
The maid’s eyelashes fluttered as she nodded.
Everyone knew Felicia Thorns was Nathaniel’s favorite. They were surprised to hear that he would offer her to Dustin just to win him over.
###Chapter 2538
Nathaniel’s mansion was huge. It was more like a maze than a home.
Even with a detailed layout, Dustin had to stay sharp as he moved through the grounds. After all, blueprints never quite captured the twists and turns of the actual place.
Led by a maid, he followed a winding path through the corridors for nearly ten minutes before finally arriving at a guesthouse with a garden.
The place was spacious and quiet, filled with birdsong and blooming flowers. It was a secluded spot that was ideal for privacy.
“Mr. Rhys, you can stay here. If you need anything, just let me know,” the maid said. Her gaze was warm with a hint of admiration.
She had watched Dustin’s performance in the training ground earlier and knew he was an important guest brought in by Nathaniel. If she could catch his attention, it could completely turn her life around.
He waved her off and said, “Okay. You can go now. I don’t need anyone to attend to me.”
“Uh… but…” The maid hesitated.
“Don’t worry. I’ll explain it to Prince Nathaniel. You won’t be in any trouble,” Dustin reassured her.
“Mr. Rhys, please rest well. I’ll take my leave now,” she said.
Her voice was tinged with regret as she reluctantly turned to leave. She considered herself quite attractive. No matter who she interacted with, they always took a second glance at her.
At times, Nathaniel even relied on her beauty to win over influential officials. But today, she couldn’t help but notice that her charm seemed to have no effect on Dustin. He hadn’t even looked her way.
It made her wonder if she had grown older or if her once-bright radiance had faded.
After the maid left, Dustin went into his room. He closed the door and pulled out the blueprints he kept with him at all times.
Even though he was already familiar with the floor plans, he chose to review them again. He wanted to be thorough and double-check against what he had observed earlier.
“Mr. Rhys…”
A sudden, clear voice from outside his room broke through his focus.
Dustin frowned. He had told the maid to leave earlier, so who was it this time?
He stood and opened the door to find a woman, dressed in a pastel pink dress, standing in front of him.
She was graceful, with fair skin and eyes that gleamed with sharp intelligence. Her beauty was undeniable.
It was Felicia Thorns, who was ranked eighth in the Beauty Ranking.
“Mr. Rhys, it’s a pleasure to finally meet you. I’m Felicia Thorns. I’ve heard so much about you and couldn’t resist paying a visit. If I’ve been too forward, I hope you’ll forgive me,” she said. Her smile was soft, like spring sunlight-disarming, but measured.
“The pleasure is mine, Ms. Thorns. Please come in,” Dustin said. He smiled politely and gestured for her to enter.
The room had a light floral scent. Now, it mixed with her subtle perfume and gave the space a gentle and inviting charm.
“I’ve heard that you’re exceptionally skilled in martial arts. Seeing you in action today, it’s clear the rumors were true,” Felicia remarked.
She sat at the table and took a delicate sip of tea before continuing, “I don’t know much about martial arts, but I genuinely admire your skill and bravery.”
“You flatter me. My skills are just mediocre. But you’re different. You’re famous on the Beauty Ranking for your remarkable beauty and exceptional talents, “Dustin said with a smile.
Though he had never met her, he had heard of her reputation.
Felicia was a courtesan kept by Nathaniel.
She was known for her exceptional talents in music and art. Her beauty was said to be unmatched and a rare sight for most.
Whenever distinguished guests visited Nathaniel, he arranged for her to perform music to entertain them. But this was the first time he had ever sent her to someone. It seemed Nathaniel was willing to invest heavily this time.
“You flatter me, Mr. Rhys,” she said. “I’m just trying to get by and doing what I can to make a living with some basic skills. But you’ve accomplished so much at such a young age. I wonder how you usually spend your free time?” She covered her mouth and chuckled.
“I occasionally play chess. It’s a good way to clear my mind,” Dustin replied with a grin.
“What a coincidence. I enjoy chess too. It’s not every day I get to meet someone like you. Would you mind if I challenged you to a game?” she asked. Her gaze was warm and affectionate.
Felicia knew she was a woman Nathaniel had shaped for one purpose. Sooner or later, she’d be expected to play her part, whether she wanted to or not.
But compared to the portly, unattractive officials, she’d rather offer herself to someone as handsome and well-mannered as Dustin.
“Since you’re interested, I’d be happy to play,” he said with a nod.
Dustin couldn’t refuse outright. Otherwise, this would raise Nathaniel’s suspicion. If he wasn’t there for money, fame, or women, what else could he be after?
“Bring my chess set,” Felicia instructed the maid behind her.
The maid nodded and soon returned with an exquisitely crafted set. The black-and-white pieces glistened in the sunlight.
Dustin and Felicia sat down and began their game.
She took the white pieces and made the first move. Her actions were graceful and poised. At first glance, her strategy looked casual, but there was more to it than met the eye.
He remained calm and responded without revealing any emotion. His move was steady and precise without showing any sign of uncertainty.
“I’ve heard that Prince Nathaniel holds you in high regard. Have you considered joining him?” Felicia asked without looking up from the board.
She continued, “With your skill, joining forces with him would surely open up many opportunities for you here in Oakvale.”
###Chapter 2539
When Dustin heard Felicia’s word, his hand briefly hesitated before he placed the chess piece.
He smiled and said, “I thought you came to learn chess, but I didn’t expect you to be here as a messenger.”
Felicia gave a light, teasing laugh. “With a mind like yours, how could you not know why I’m here?”
She added candidly, “Prince Nathaniel saved my life and welcomed me as an honored guest. It’s only right that I repay the favor by helping solve his troubles. I hope that it doesn’t bother you.”
“You’re frank and gracious, Ms. Thorns. Why would I take offense?” Dustin replied with a faint smile.
He had expected her to start with pleasantries or try to butter him up. So, her bluntness actually caught him off guard.
“To be honest, Prince Nathaniel has never taken this kind of interest in anyone before, “Felicia said as she placed another chess piece on the board.
She smiled and continued, “I can tell he truly wants you on his side. And as someone close to him, I’d like to help make that happen. If you agree, just say the word. Whatever your terms are, I’ll agree to them.”
When she finished speaking, she slowly raised her head. Her eyes gleamed with a brilliance that carried an indescribable allure.
The top ten on the Beauty Ranking were not about appearance. What truly set them apart was their status, influence, and talent.
Felicia was ranked eighth on the Beauty Ranking. Her looks and figure left little room for criticism.
Her eyes brimmed with warmth and invitation. It was framed by arched brows the color of ink.
Her nose was small and straight. It was sculpted with such precision that it gave her features a striking definition.
Her lips were naturally rosy. When she smiled, shallow dimples formed-subtle, but disarmingly gentle.
Her skin was fair and flawless, with a pearly sheen under the sunlight that gave her a quiet, refined elegance, like a figure drawn straight from a painting. She was beautiful enough to make it hard to look away.
Even Dustin, who’d seen his share of beauties, was momentarily dazed when their eyes met.
She wasn’t only beautiful, but her every movement carried a natural, disarming charm.
Dustin knew this was a classic honey trap, yet he didn’t find it off-putting at all.
Felicia spoke earnestly. She was so sincere that it was almost convincing. He had to admit that Nathaniel had played this hand masterfully.
“Mr. Rhys, look at the board,” she said with a warm smile.
She deliberately changed the subject without pressuring him to respond immediately.
She went on, “Black and white may compete, but only by working in tandem can they create a truly brilliant match. It’s the same with you and Prince Nathaniel. If the two of you joined forces, you’d have the upper hand in this ever-changing situation.”
“Life is like chess. If you make a wrong move, you will lose the whole game,” Dustin remarked with a smile.
“There’s nothing wrong with being cautious,” she replied. “But if you’re too cautious, you might miss your chance, and that would be a shame.”
Felicia began placing her pieces faster. Her strategy turned aggressive. With each move, she laid careful traps as she tried to corner Dustin.
“I’ve always been cautious,” he replied evenly. “I’d rather do nothing than make the wrong move.”
But he navigated every crisis with precision and counterattacked her moves at just the right moments. Slowly, the tide began to turn.
Felicia, who had been attacking him, suddenly realized she was the one at a disadvantage.
“Well played,” she said.
She smiled as she watched Dustin move his piece.
Felicia had always prided herself on her chess skills, but he had outplayed her. In just a few moves, he had completely turned the game around and trapped her.
His technique was nothing short of masterful.
“Mr. Rhys, your chess skills are truly impressive. I must admit, I’m outmatched, “Felicia said.
She placed her chess piece down and nodded at him. Her gaze was filled with admiration.
At first, she thought Dustin was just a talented martial artist, but now, she saw him as a genius with both brains and brawn. She finally understood why Nathaniel valued him so highly.
“You flatter me. It was just luck,” Dustin said modestly.
“If you’re interested, I’d be happy to have another match tonight. I promise, it’ll be an experience you won’t forget,” Felicia said with a flirtatious smile.
Her words were no longer subtle hints but an open invitation.
Dustin cleared his throat and said, “I don’t usually play chess in the evening.”
He purposely pretended not to understand her implication.
“Mr. Rhys, you really don’t know how to take a hint.”
Felicia was exasperated. She rarely encountered a handsome and talented young man who excelled in both martial arts and intellect like Dustin. It felt like a waste to just let him slip away.
Who knew when she’d meet someone like him again? Instead of handing herself over to some pompous old man, why not give her first time to Dustin? At least then, she’d enjoy it.
“Ms. Thorns, since you’ve come all this way, I can’t let you leave empty-handed,” Dustin said.
He pulled out a delicate ornate box and placed it on the table with a smile.
He continued, “Inside is the Dracan essence that Prince Nathaniel needs. Please deliver it to him for me. As for the matter of loyalty, I still need to give it some serious thought.”
“Dracan essence?” Felicia’s eyes lit up at the mention of it.
She had two missions-to obtain the Dracan essence and to persuade Dustin to join their cause.
Felicia had expected it to take time. But now that half the job was done, she could return and report to Nathaniel.
###Chapter 2540
“Mr. Rhys, you’re so generous,” Felicia said. “I don’t know how to repay you.”
She lightly ran her fingers over the smooth surface of the ornate box. Her eyes shimmered with unshed tears as she looked up at Dustin gratefully.
“It was nothing, Ms. Thorns. Don’t mention it,” he replied with an indifferent smile. “Besides, this Dracan essence was always destined for Prince Nathaniel. I’m merely delivering it.”
Felicia smiled earnestly. “What do you want in return? If it’s within my power, I’ll gladly help.”
Dustin replied, “I’m not asking for anything. I only hope that if I ever find myself in trouble, Prince Nathaniel will be willing to help me.”
“I get it now.” Felicia nodded.
Dustin wasn’t asking for treasure, but rather seeking a favor from Nathaniel.
With Nathaniel’s current status, his favor was more valuable than any treasure.
If he ascended the throne and became king, the value of that favor would increase exponentially. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that, even if Dustin were guilty of a heinous crime, this favor could spare his life.
Felicia had to admit that it was undeniably a smart move.
“It’s getting late, so I’ll let you get some rest,” she said.
She stood and gave a polite bow, then smoothly changed the subject. “If you’re interested, I would be honored to match wits with you over a game of chess.”
Seeing the startled look on Dustin’s face, Felicia smiled knowingly and turned to leave. Her pastel pink dress fluttered gently in the breeze and gradually disappeared from view from the courtyard gate.
“She’s such a bewitching temptress,” he muttered and shook his head.
Dustin considered himself to have good self -control, but he nearly lost it under Felicia’s teasing smile and subtle glances.
Now that he had handed over the Dracan essence, all that was left was to wait for the outcome.
After leaving the guesthouse, Felicia briskly walked toward Nathaniel’s study. She gently knocked on the door. Upon hearing the invitation, she stepped inside gracefully.
“How did it go? Any update?” he asked.
Nathaniel gestured to her to sit as he poured her a cup of tea. He regarded her more as an esteemed consultant than a subordinate. After all, she had proven herself worthy of his respect.
“Your Highness, I have completed the task. I have obtained the Dracan essence,” Felicia said as she respectfully presented the ornate box.
“Oh?”
Nathaniel raised an eyebrow, then eagerly took the box and opened it with care.
When he saw the faintly glowing Dracan essence inside, his eyes lit up with joy. He couldn’t help but exclaim, “Excellent! Felicia, you’ve done an outstanding job this time.”
He gripped the ornate box tightly, as if it were a priceless treasure.
Nathaniel had expected this task to take more effort, but everything had gone so smoothly. He knew sending Felicia was the right decision.
“It’s my honor to serve, Your Highness.” She bowed her head slightly and spoke humbly.
Though Nathaniel treated her as a consultant, Felicia knew better than to take liberties with her position.
“Logan has already handed over the Dracan essence. Has he made any decision regarding his allegiance? Does he plan to join me?” he asked.
She replied, “Mr. Rhys said he still needs time to think it over. This isn’t something that can be rushed. He asked for your patience, Your Highness.
“With his intelligence, I’m sure he understands your sincerity. But since this concerns his future, it’s only natural he’d be cautious.”
Nathaniel didn’t press the matter. “It doesn’t matter since I’ve already obtained the Dracan essence. Whether he joins us or not, we’ll figure that out later. You may leave now. Go get some rest.”
With his insight, he could tell Dustin was still observing the situation and waiting for the right moment to act.
To put it bluntly, Dustin might offer support when things were already in their favor. However, he wasn’t someone who’d step in during hard times.
Regardless of whether or not he chose to fully commit, he deserved to be treated with the respect he was due. Even his support from the sidelines was already worth a great deal.
Night had fallen like a heavy curtain over the mansion. Moonlight broke through the clouds and cast a cold, muted glow.
Nathaniel tucked the Dracan essence close to his body and walked toward a secluded courtyard with two guards.
The courtyard was surrounded by thorny bushes, and its high walls towered above.
Two imposing experts with piercing gazes stood at the entrance. Each had a longsword and vigilantly scanned their surroundings.
“Your Highness,” they greeted and bowed in unison as Nathaniel approached.
He also nodded and spoke in a low voice. ” Open the gate.”
With a deep, grating creak, the heavy doors swung open.
Nathaniel stepped inside and followed a narrow, shadowy path until he reached a small, nondescript house.
Two more guards stood watch at the door.
After confirming his identity, they let him through.
The room was dimly lit, with just a few oil lamps casting flickering shadows along the walls.
Nathaniel approached a bare section of the far wall and turned a small, hidden lever. With a heavy rumble, the wall began to shift and revealed a stone staircase leading underground.
He descended, and each step brought him deeper into silence.
At the bottom, he entered a spacious chamber filled with rare and ancient artifacts-jewels glittered with dazzling light, ancient weapons gleamed with a cold sheen, and priceless manuscripts were neatly arranged on the shelves.
At the far end of the chamber was a massive, solid steel vault door engraved with intricate runes.
###Chapter 2541
Nathaniel approached the vault and quickly knocked a few times on the door. With a deep rumble, the heavy door slowly began to open.
Inside, the treasures were dazzling-emerald pendants glowing with an otherworldly light, a bronze cauldron engraved with mysterious symbols, and tablets shimmering with a strange, eerie glow.
At the center was an ornate box encased in bulletproof glass.
Nathaniel stepped forward, entered the code, and lifted the protective cover. He opened the box lid to reveal another Dracan essence inside.
The orb, about the size of a chicken egg, shimmered faintly. Inside, a stream of dragon-shaped energy swirled continuously.
“This one’s a keeper,” he muttered.
Nathaniel placed the Dracan essence Dustin had given him beside the first one. He couldn’t help but grin from ear to ear.
These orbs were a force capable of defying fate and a power that could turn everything around.
He’d gone to great lengths to get the first one but never imagined he’d find the second so quickly. Clearly, his luck had improved.
Once he had all three Dracan essences, he could set up a formation to harness their power. At that point, he’d be the luckiest man in Dragonmarsh. Then, the throne would be his, and no one would dare to question it.
As he carefully stored the two orbs, he admired them for a while before reluctantly closing the box lid and lowering the protective cover.
Nathaniel walked out of the vault, then returned everything to its proper place.
He had meticulously designed the vault and this hidden chamber. It was guarded by elite fighters and protected with deadly traps and mechanisms. Anyone who tried to break in wouldn’t make it out alive.
As he closed the door behind him and stepped out, Nathaniel sternly reminded the guards to remain alert and not to slack off.
Once he was sure everything was secure, he hummed a tune, clasped his hands behind his back, and returned to his private quarters.
By midnight, the sprawling mansion had fallen completely silent. Aside from a few routine patrols still moving through the grounds, nearly everyone inside had gone to bed.
In a secluded guesthouse, Dustin suddenly sat up in bed. He was wide awake.
He reached into his pocket, pulled out a finely crafted compass, then channeled a trace of true energy into it.
Almost instantly, the needle lit up with a faint glow. After spinning a few times, it pointed toward the southwest and stopped moving.
Dustin turned the compass to test it, but the needle still pointed to the southwest.
“It works,” he muttered with satisfaction.
Grace had marked the Dracan essence with a tracking seal, which was nearly impossible for ordinary people to detect.
But with this compass, Dustin could pinpoint its exact location.
“It’s about time.”
Dustin glanced at the sky. Then, he changed into dark clothes, put on a mask, and quietly sneaked out of the room.
Before leaving, he placed a seal inside the room as a precaution. If anyone broke in, he’d sense it immediately.
He moved like a shadow and slipped silently through the mansion. Sometimes he leaped on the rooftops, and other times he vanished into the dark.
Dustin had already studied the layout and memorized the patrol routes. He could avoid the danger zones and slip by without raising any alarms.
After a thorough search, he finally found the secluded courtyard. He took a quick look around and noticed guards were everywhere. Every entrance was guarded, with no blind spots.
There was no way to reach the chamber without alerting someone. His only option was to take down the guards at the entrance and slip inside.
Dustin had come prepared. He pulled out a stick of intoxicating substance and lit it in the corner.
Once the wisps of smoke rose into the air, he used his hand to fan them. A gentle breeze carried the smoke toward the two guards at the courtyard gate.
They caught a whiff of the strange scent, and before they could react, they had already collapsed on the ground.
Dustin was impressed and muttered, “This stuff is really effective.”
Grace had given him the intoxicating substance. She’d claimed it could knock out anyone below the grandmaster level, and now, it seemed she was right.
He scaled the wall effortlessly and slipped into the courtyard.
By using the same method, he quickly took down the remaining guards with the intoxicating substance.
The guards were skilled, but they let their guard down. This was why they were so easily caught off guard.
None of them had expected someone to break in, especially an ultimate grandmaster whose cultivation far exceeded theirs.
After dealing with all the guards, Dustin pulled out the compass again and carefully checked the direction. Following its guidance, he soon arrived at the house where the hidden chamber was.
He held his breath and listened closely at the door. After hearing nothing out of place, he slowly pushed it open.
But after taking two steps inside, he heard a faint click beneath his feet. A split second later, dozens of poisoned arrows shot out from the walls.
Dustin’s body flickered and vanished. In a blur of movement, he dodged every arrow and deflected them midair with a flick of his fingers. Traps like this were nothing to him.
“This room looks plain. There must be a hidden mechanism here,” he muttered.
While holding the compass, he moved around the room until he stopped in front of one particular wall.
Dustin examined it closely. After searching for a while, he finally found the mechanism and twisted it twice.
With a rumble, the wall slid open and revealed a stone staircase leading down.
A spark of excitement flashed in Dustin’s eyes. He had finally found it.
###Chapter 2542
Dustin looked at the stone steps leading down. He took a deep breath and slowly descended.
The hidden passage was long, but it was. dimly illuminated. After walking for a while, the path leveled out and grew wider the farther he went.
The path ahead was quiet. There were no new traps, and nothing else seemed out of place.
Dustin followed the passage into the secret chamber. The place was spacious, and every inch was filled with rare finds-divine weapons, cultivation manuscripts, valuable herbs, and priceless artifacts.
He scanned the displays carefully but didn’t see the ornate box that was said to contain the Dracan essence. His gaze drifted to the far end of the room, and he saw a solid steel door engraved with intricate runes.
Dustin took out his compass and looked at it. The needle pointed straight at the door and didn’t move at all.
“It must be hidden inside this vault,” he muttered.
He put away the compass and examined the heavy door. His eyes scanned the dense, cryptic runes etched across its surface.
Dustin knew these runes had to be the key to unlocking the vault. After studying it for a moment, he noticed something unusual.
Though the door was engraved with dozens of runes, only six showed faint fingerprint smudges. He could tell those six runes formed the password. If he could figure out the correct sequence, he could unlock it.
Dustin fell into deep thought and carefully tried several possible patterns. As the sixth rune clicked into place, a sharp crack rang out. Suddenly, a barrage of poisoned needles shot from hidden holes in the door.
With a swift push, he jumped and pressed himself flat against the ceiling.
The needles flew through the air and embedded themselves deep in the opposite wall. It left behind a dense cluster of holes. Their sharpness.was unmistakable.
“Just as I thought. Something’s not right.”
Dustin landed lightly. After focusing for a moment, he tried entering the password again.
The second attempt failed too. This time, the vault door didn’t fire poisonous needles. Instead, it sprayed a burst of acrid green liquid.
However, Dustin had expected it and managed to dodge.
The spot where he had stood earlier was already pitted with corrosive holes, and they were still spreading. The corrosion didn’t stop until it hit the steel reinforcement over three feet down.
If that stuff could melt solid rock, it would’ve stripped a man to the bone in seconds.
There was no denying that Nathaniel’s hidden traps were deadly. Even a grandmaster wouldn’t risk meeting these traps head-on. One wrong move and they’d be dead before they hit the floor.
Dustin didn’t waste time and continued to try different combinations.
Each failed attempt triggered a new attack sometimes poisoned needles, a cloud of toxic gas, venomous insects, or bizarre and unpredictable traps.
Once, the floor lit up with a restriction formation seal. Another time, a steel cage dropped from above. Each trap was designed to kill without mercy. If he weren’t as skilled and quick on his feet, he’d have been dead long ago.
He entered the code again, only to see that his attempt had failed. His impatience began to simmer.
While the hidden weapons posed no immediate threat, each mistake pushed him closer to disaster.
The guards outside, knocked out by the smoke, would be awake in less than two hours. If he didn’t crack the vault open by then, the mission would be a total failure.
Dustin had briefly considered smashing the door open, but that would inevitably alert Nathaniel. By the time he found the Dracan essence, Nathaniel could have his men surrounding the area.
Even if he managed to escape, his identity would be exposed, and it would lead to an unavoidable confrontation with Nathaniel.
That was a worst-case scenario that Dustin had no intention of letting play out. For now, he had no choice but to keep trying and hope for the best.
Sweat began to bead on Dustin’s forehead as the pressure mounted with each failed attempt. Finally, after countless tries, the vault door emitted a low hum and slowly creaked open.
“Finally,” Dustin muttered, as a sense of relief flooded through him.
The series of failed codes had pushed him to his limits. He’d nearly lost control and almost resorted to forcing the door open.
But in the end, he’d cracked it. And now, all the hidden weapons in the vault had been exhausted. He stepped inside and quickly scanned the shelves of treasures.
His eyes soon landed on two ornate boxes inside a bulletproof glass. He quickly stepped forward and lifted the protective cover. As he opened the boxes, he saw the familiar Dracan essences inside.
“Just as I thought,” Dustin muttered.
A flicker of satisfaction crossed his face as he slipped the two ornate boxes into his pocket. The mission had been a hassle, but it was finally over.
Just as Dustin turned to leave, a loud thud echoed as the vault door slammed shut.
Red poison smoke began to pour from hidden vents.
Then, an ear-piercing alarm blared throughout the mansion.
His frown deepened, and his expression turned grim. He had taken every precaution, yet he still failed to anticipate Nathaniel’s hidden trap.
This was going to be a problem.
In a room at the opposite end of the mansion, Nathaniel slept soundly until the shrill alarm shattered his dreams like a thunderclap.
He bolted upright, leaping out of bed and rushing toward the door without even bothering to throw on any clothes.
“Guard! Someone’s broken in. Follow me,” Nathaniel shouted.
He quickly assembled a group of guards and sprinted toward the vault.
The alarm had been set only for the vault. If it had been the secret chamber, he wouldn’t have woken up. The treasures inside were valuable, but they weren’t essential to him.
The vault, however, was another matter. Every single item inside was irreplaceable, and if even one thing went missing, the loss would be catastrophic.
At that moment, Nathaniel didn’t care why a thief had infiltrated his mansion. He just had to get there, capture the thief, and prevent further damage before it was too late.
###Chapter 2543
Nathaniel anxiously urged the guards, ” Hurry up! Pick up the pace.”
At that moment, he couldn’t help but blame the mansion for being too large because they couldn’t even reach the scene fast enough.
“Your Highness, what’s going on?”
Just then, Lycas and Bryce arrived with a squad of elite guards. Most of them rushed in without even having time to throw on a shirt. After all, this was the first time the alarm had ever sounded inside the mansion.
Nathaniel didn’t bother to explain and quickly ordered, “A thief sneaked into the mansion. Block every exit and don’t let him escape.”
“Hurry up and seal the entire compound,” Lycas shouted and quickly led the team into action.
They’d been training for years. Now it was time to prove themselves.
“Quick! This way,” Nathaniel said urgently.
He didn’t stop moving and led the squad of guards forward at full speed.
But just then, a deafening boom erupted from the vault’s direction. The ground shook like an earthquake, and rattled the entire place.
Roughly a hundred yards ahead, the ground gave way with a thunderous crash, and an entire courtyard collapsed. Tons of dirt and stone caved in as it swallowed the vault beneath and left a pile of rubble behind.
Dust billowed into the air, thick and fast like smoke rising from a battlefield.
Nathaniel stopped cold at the scene. His eyes widened, and he was stunned speechless.
This wasn’t what he’d expected. He thought it was just a break-in, and maybe some valuables had been stolen from the vault. The loss was still manageable.
But now, his heart ached as he stared at the ruins.
That vault held over a decade’s worth of his most valuable treasures. Everything was gone and crushed beneath the rubble. The loss was staggering. It felt like someone had driven a blade straight through his heart.
“Damn it! Fucking bastard!” Nathaniel cursed. His eyes blazed with rage, and his body trembled.
“What should we do now, Your Highness?”
The guards behind him exchanged uneasy glances and were at a loss for what to do.
They were supposed to protect the treasure and catch the thief. But now the vault was buried, the thief had disappeared without a trace, and no one knew what to do next.
“Quick! Dig out all those treasures,” Nathaniel roared.
He could accept losing the other treasures, but not the Dracan essence. If that were gone, everything he had done would be for nothing.
“Get more men down there and start digging!”
The guards didn’t dare hesitate. They split up, some calling for reinforcements while the others began digging through the rubble.
Just then, Lycas and Bryce arrived after hearing the commotion. One look at the wreckage ahead, and both men froze. They immediately realized how serious things had gotten.
This wasn’t just about catching a thief anymore. It was becoming a serious crackdown.
The mansion had been peaceful for years. Now, disaster had struck without warning. The most likely explanation was that there was a traitor among them.
Given Nathaniel’s suspicious nature, he was bound to launch a thorough investigation. Anyone remotely suspicious might end up at the bottom of the sea.
At that moment, he seemed to think of something. His expression darkened, and he shouted, “Lycas! Bryce! Bring your squads and come with me.
Without another word, he turned and marched off in the direction where Dustin was staying.
Lycas and Bryce said nothing. With a quick gesture, they led their men and followed close behind.
They knew Nathaniel was suspicious of Dustin. Everything had been fine before Dustin arrived, and now, after just one night, this had happened. It was hard not to suspect him.
“Logan, it better not be you,” Nathaniel spat through gritted teeth. His eyes burned with malice as he stormed toward the guesthouse where Dustin had been staying with lightning speed.
At that moment, the lights were still on inside the guesthouse.
Without a word, Nathaniel kicked open the gate and led a small group of his men rushing in behind him.
After hearing the noise, Dustin stepped out of the house, He was dressed casually and looked at Nathaniel with a confused expression.
“Your Highness, what’s going on? Why do you look so gloomy?” he asked.
“Where were you just now? Answer me!”
Nathaniel asked coldly.
“I’ve been in my room the whole time. I haven’t gone anywhere. What’s wrong?”
Dustin responded, feigning his innocence.
The truth was, he had no choice but to use brute force to escape when he was trapped inside the vault earlier. If he hadn’t, he would have been caught on the spot.
As a result, the courtyard collapsed, the vault was buried, and the noise was loud enough to alert everyone in the mansion. But given the situation, Dustin saw no other option.
“You’re sure you didn’t leave your room?” Nathaniel looked at him suspiciously.
If Dustin really destroyed the vault, there was no way he would have cleaned it up that well in such a short time. Nathaniel figured he must’ve left some trace.
“I’m sure,” Dustin said. He nodded calmly without showing any sign of nervousness.
“Search him.” Nathaniel signaled for his men.
Dustin’s clothes were clean, and nothing stood out. But there would surely be some evidence if he were guilty of stealing something. Nathaniel felt a quick search would reveal it.
“Hold on!” Dustin said.
Just as Lycas and Bryce approached him, he raised his hand to stop them.
“Your Highness, what is this about?” he asked with a scowl. “If I’m not welcome here, I can leave. Why humiliate me like this?”
###Chapter 2544
Dustin’s expression darkened, and his voice came out sharper than before. If he stayed quiet and let Nathaniel search him without protest, it would only make him look suspicious.
“Logan, there’s been a break-in. The whole mansion is on lockdown. For your safety, we need to search the place,” Nathaniel said, his expression darkening.
He was convinced Dustin was the thief. But without solid evidence, he couldn’t make a direct accusation. If Dustin resisted, Nathaniel wouldn’t hesitate to act.
“Break-in?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. ” Really? Is that what the tremor earlier was about?”
“We’ll go over the details later. Right now, we can’t risk letting anyone slip away. So, I must search your place,” Nathaniel said.
He wasn’t in the mood to explain further. Then, he waved a hand toward Lycas and Bryce and signaled them to act.
The two exchanged a glance, then stormed into the inner room with a squad of guards behind them.
Nathaniel gave Dustin one long, measured look before following them inside.
The spacious, neatly arranged room was softly lit.
In the warm glow, a woman in a red dress sat serenely. Her dark hair was pulled back in an elegant updo with a golden ornament swaying gently. The pearls on it caught the light and cast soft shadows along her face.
Her eyebrows were finely shaped, and the slight tilt of her eyes gave her a graceful, almost playful expression. The way her gaze shifted made her eyes sparkle with an allure deeper than any jewel.
Her nose was sculpted with delicate precision, and her lips, naturally red, curled into a smile that seemed as captivating as a flower blooming in the snow. Even her dimples hinted at a playful charm.
“Felicia? What are you doing here?”
Nathaniel asked as he stepped through the door with his team. He frowned in surprise when he saw her.
“Greetings, Your Highness,” she said.
She slowly looked up and gently set down the chess piece in her hand. Rising gracefully, she gave a respectful bow and said, “I was playing chess with Mr. Rhys and was so engrossed that I didn’t know what happened outside.”
Her voice was soft and melodic, with a hint of casual ease.
Nathaniel glanced at the chessboard. The black and white pieces were arranged in a tense standoff, as if they’d been in the middle of a heated match.
He turned to Felicia and asked suspiciously, “Have you two been playing chess the whole time?”
She nodded slightly and answered evenly, ” That’s right. We haven’t left this room at all.”
Nathaniel didn’t respond and looked at Dustin, who had just walked in. Yet, his suspicion of Dustin remained.
“Lycas, Bryce, search the house inside and out. Look for any sign of thieves,” Nathaniel ordered.
“Yes, Your Highness!”
Lycas and Bryce acknowledged the order and immediately began searching the yard and the rooms. They searched for a long while, but nothing unusual turned up. Not a single clue to suggest any hidden intruders.
“Since a thief has infiltrated the mansion, do you want my assistance?” Dustin asked Nathaniel.
“No need. I’ll handle this myself,”
Nathaniel replied
He grunted as he motioned for his men to leave. Though he suspected Dustin might be involved, Nathaniel hadn’t found any solid evidence, so he could only bury his doubts for now.
Of course, there was always the possibility that the thief was someone else.
Once outside the guesthouse, Nathaniel issued another order, “Lycas, Bryce! Mobilize all the troops and search the entire mansion. Leave no corner unchecked. Dig up the ground if you have to, but you must catch that thief.”
“Yes, Your Highness!”
Lycas and Bryce bowed, then quickly gathered their troops and left.
Nathaniel had already taken precautions to seal off all the mansion’s entrances.
If the thief was still inside, there was no way they could escape in such a short time. They had to be hiding somewhere in the estate. As long as the search was thorough, they would eventually find the thief.
As the sound of footsteps faded away, Dustin closed the door, turned, and looked at Felicia. He asked curiously, “Why are you helping me?”
After escaping the vault and returning to the guest house, he was surprised to find someone in his room. It was Felicia.
At first, Dustin thought he had been discovered, but soon realized something was off. Felicia didn’t seem interested in exposing him. Instead, she had hidden his night clothes and mask within the sections of the chessboard.
Before he could ask her any questions, Nathaniel arrived with his men. Felicia had quickly played her part to cover for him.
But Dustin still didn’t understand why she was helping him. After all, she was working for Nathaniel.
Felicia smiled and settled back at the table. She sipped her tea before replying, “Mr. Rhys, don’t worry. I’m helping you because it’s in my best interest too.”
She set her cup down and, with a knowing smile, added, “On the surface, I’m Nathaniel’s consultant. But in reality, I’m nothing more than a puppet.
“I know better than anyone that sticking with him won’t end well, so I want to break free. I know your position is complicated, and helping you today is my way of making sure I have a way out.
“I don’t want to be under his control anymore. I want freedom, and right now, you’re the only one who can offer that to me.”
###Chapter 2545
“I see,” Dustin muttered as his gaze fixed on the chessboard.
He nodded and said, “You’ve helped me tonight. That puts me in your debt. If you ever need anything, just say the word.”
Dustin lived by one rule-return what was given, whether kindness or vengeance.
Felicia hadn’t exposed him earlier. She had even covered for him. That was a debt he intended to repay.
“Mr. Rhys, you truly are a man of principle. I admire that,” she said.
She dipped her head with a playful smile, and that gesture carried an elegant charm.
“But I’m still curious about what brought you here tonight. Did you already suspect me?” Dustin asked.
“Anyone who wants to get close to Nathaniel usually wants one of three things -power, fame, or money. I can see it in their eyes, but you’re different,” Felicia said with a smile.
She continued, “You came here and offered the Dracan essence, but didn’t ask for a title or recognition. You even turned down the company of women, which only makes me suspect you have another motive. Of course, that’s just my suspicion.
“Tonight, though, was purely a coincidence. I came here to learn how to play chess, but you weren’t in the courtyard. It wasn’t until the commotion started that I finally understood what you were truly after.”
“Ms. Thorns, you’re sharper than I gave you credit for.”
Dustin had first thought Felicia was just another pretty face with little to offer. But then, he realized she was much more intriguing and capable than he’d imagined.
“I’m nothing next to you,” she replied. ” Still, you should be careful. Nathaniel won’t let this matter slide.”
“As long as there’s no evidence, he can’t do anything to me,” he replied with a faint smile.
With his strength, he knew Nathaniel would have to think twice before crossing him. But then again, Nathaniel couldn’t act on any suspicions. There was no way he’d confront him head-on when things were still uncertain.
“As long as you know what you’re doing, that’s all that matters. It’s getting late, so I’ll take my leave.”
Felicia didn’t linger. After a slight nod, she turned and left.
As the first light of dawn crept over the horizon, Nathaniel stood in the center of the courtyard. He stared at the empty hallway with a frown.
Behind him, Lycas and Bryce were reporting the situation.
“Your Highness, we’ve searched the mansion three times. We even combed through the pond carefully, but still didn’t find any trace of that thief. Perhaps the thief… has managed to escape?”
Lycas spoke cautiously, wiping the sweat from his brow. Before he could continue with his report, Nathaniel suddenly turned, cold fury flashing in his eyes.
“Impossible! I ordered the mansion sealed off before the secret chamber was breached. Even if that thief grew wings, he wouldn’t have escaped.”
He tightened his grip on the pendant at his waist. It was a gift from Valon. But at that moment, it felt less like a symbol of power and more like a scorching brand that burned his palm.
Seeing his expression, Lycas quickly bowed and said, “You’re right, Your Highness. The thief might still be hiding somewhere. I’ll take my men and search again.”
Without waiting for a response, he rallied the exhausted guards and led them toward a secluded storage shed.
He knew deep down that searching again would be pointless. If the thief had managed to enter the mansion without a sound, they could just as easily slip away unnoticed.
But with Nathaniel in a foul mood, he knew arguing wasn’t an option. All he could do was carry out the order.
Glancing at the rising sun, Nathaniel’s face darkened as he headed toward the ruins of the secret chamber.
He knew catching the thief seemed unlikely for the time being. His biggest worry now was how much of the treasure in the secret chamber had been lost.
The items in the vault were especially concerning. Any theft or damage to them would have been like having his heart ripped out.
Nathaniel arrived at the ruins, where a team of people was still working hard. To avoid damaging the valuables, they started with shovels and switched to digging by hand once most of the rubble was cleared, which made the work even slower.
Over a hundred people had been working nonstop through the night. By dawn, they had barely uncovered the outline of the chamber’s ceiling. Excavating the entire structure would take another half day.
Nathaniel stood at the side and stared at the growing pit. His fists clenched so tightly his nails dug into his palm.
The hours crawled by. It wasn’t until noon that the entrance to the secret chamber finally came into view.
“Your Highness, we’ve broken through!” someone called out in excitement.
Nathaniel took a deep breath. He ignored the risk of further collapse and stepped into the dimly lit chamber.
The musty air, mixed with dust, hit him immediately. Holding the torch high, he scanned the room, and his expression darkened with every passing second.
The once neatly arranged treasures were now scattered, many of them damaged. He briefly glanced at it, then hurried toward the vault.
The steel door was bent and ruined, and half of it had caved in. A gaping hole in the ceiling made it look like some monstrous beast had clawed its way out.
Ignoring the filth, Nathaniel squeezed through the twisted gap in the steel door. But with one look inside, his vision went dark, and he nearly lost his footing.
The ornate box that once contained the Dracan essence was missing, and so were the two orbs.
Half of the treasures were missing, and the rest were damaged beyond repair.
“No… no, this can’t be happening. My… My treasures…”
The shock was too much for Nathaniel. He let out a desperate cry, collapsed to the ground, and lost consciousness.
###Chapter 2546
When Nathaniel finally regained consciousness, it was already evening.
Outside his room, Lycas and Bryce stood vigilantly with a team of elite guards.
Nathaniel’s mother, Cynthia Spanner, stood anxiously at his bedside alongside several imperial doctors. As soon as she heard that her son was unconscious, she rushed over with the doctors.
Nathaniel was her only son. She had devoted herself entirely to raising him, giving him the best of everything. And fortunately, he had lived up to her expectations. He stood out among the other princes and had earned the right to compete for the throne.
Cynthia had been making plans for Nathaniel’s future recently. But just as everything seemed to finally come together, this sudden crisis left her shaken.
Thankfully, it wasn’t anything serious. He had only fainted from the stress.
“Nathaniel, how are you feeling? Are you alright?” Cynthia asked.
When her son opened his eyes, she moved quickly to his side, concern written on her face.
“Mother, what are you doing here?” he asked. He rubbed his throbbing head and slowly sat up.
“I heard something happened here, so of course I had to come and check on you,” Cynthia replied.
She took the medicine from the maid and carefully brought it to Nathaniel’s lips. ”
Drink this. It will help you to recover.”
He nodded and drank it in one go.
“Even the most priceless treasure isn’t worth risking your life over,” Cynthia said, trying to comfort him. “If you want it, I’ll have someone find another one for you.
What matters now is your health.”
“I know,” Nathaniel replied. “It’s just that everything happened so suddenly, and in the heat of the moment…”
His words trailed off as he clenched his fists, and his face darkened. After years of collecting those treasures, he lost most of them in a single night. It was enough to make anyone snap.
“I already know.what happened,” Cynthia said. “You don’t need to worry about it anymore. Leave the rest to me.”
“What? Have they caught the thief?”
Nathaniel asked, his eyes narrowing.
She shook her head. “No one was caught, and we’re not in a position to pursue them.
“Mother, what do you mean?” He frowned.
“You were set up,” Cynthia said with a sigh. “You rushed in and were blinded by ambition. That’s why you fell into their trap. Consider this a lesson.”
“Set up?” Nathaniel’s frown deepened. ”
You mean Logan set me up?”
He might not have had proof, but he wasn’t naive. His vault was broken into right after Dustin gave him the Dracan essence. No matter how he looked at it, all signs pointed to that man.
The place was loaded with traps and heavy. security. Nathaniel was convinced that only someone of Dustin’s caliber could have triggered the alarms and escaped without a trace.
But even if he suspected Dustin, he couldn’t take action against him without evidence.
“He’s just the muscle. There’s someone else pulling the strings behind him,” Cything said, her voice becoming serious.
“Then, who is it? Who’s targeting me?” Nathaniel growled.
He gritted his teeth as fury burned in his eyes. At this point, only Matthias and Tristan stood in his way. If either of them were scheming against him, he swore they’d pay for it.
But Cynthia seemed to read his thoughts and shook her head. “It’s not Matthias or Tristan. If I’m not mistaken, your father is behind this.”
“Father?” Nathaniel froze, disbelief written on his face. “That’s impossible. He’s always favored me. Why would he send someone after me?”
Cynthia let out a weary sigh. “Nathaniel, your father always puts the nation first. The Dracan essence is tied to the fate of the entire nation. It’s not something you should be involved with.
“If you had handed it over, you might have left a good impression on him. But now that you intend to keep it for yourself, you’ve committed a grave mistake.
“You’re not the crown prince, so you’re not qualified to bear the burden of the nation’s destiny. That’s why he had to take the Dracan essence back.”
“Even so, he could have just told me. Why do it like this?” Nathaniel frowned.
He couldn’t understand why Valon had gone to such extremes. If his father wanted the Dracan essence, he could have just sent someone to inform Nathaniel.
“The king’s mind is hard to read,” Cynthia replied. “Your father has his reasons. For. now, drop the matter. Just pretend it never happened, do you understand?”
“Mother, what if you’re overthinking this? What if he doesn’t even know about it?” Nathaniel asked. He still couldn’t accept his mother’s explanation.
“Nothing in Oakvale slips past your father. Without his order, who would dare to steal from your mansion?” Cynthia reasoned.
While Nathaniel was unconscious, she’d already sent people to investigate. Since only a handful of people knew he possessed the Dracan essence, she thought it would be easy to trace where the leak had come from.
But her efforts yielded no results. Even with the influence of the Spanner family, she couldn’t uncover a single solid lead.
All she found was that whoever was behind this had an intelligence network far stronger than her family. And in Dragonmarsh, only the royal family had the means to overshadow the Spanners.
Grace oversaw the royal family’s intelligence network and only took orders from Valon. This meant the king implicitly endorsed everything she did.
That was why Cynthia urged Nathaniel not to investigate further and act like nothing had happened. Otherwise, going up against Valon would only end badly.
###Chapter 2547
“But… I still can’t accept this,” Nathaniel said. He clenched his jaw, and his eyes burned with fury.
He was only one step away from success, so why would Valon choose to interfere with his plan now of all times?
Did this mean his father had never intended to name him crown prince? Had all that past favoritism been nothing but an act?
“If you want to accomplish something great, you need patience. You can’t afford to rush things,” Cynthia said earnestly.
She continued, “One setback doesn’t mean the end, and a few lost treasures aren’t worth worrying over. As long as you’re still standing, there’s always another chance. I’ll be here for you, and so will the Spanner family.”
Nathaniel’s expression finally softened.
Even without the Dracan essence to strengthen his claim to the throne, he still had his mother, the backing of the Spanner family, and the network he’d carefully built over the years. With all that behind him, he had what it took to challenge Matthias and Tristan.
“What’s done is done. Don’t dwell on it,” Cynthia said. “Logan has great potential, and there’s a good chance he might be the next Prince of West Lucozia. Your father holds him in high regard.
“Even if he has crossed you, you must act as though nothing happened, for the greater good. Show goodwill. Try to bring him to your side. Tolerance is a key quality for a crown prince.”
Nathaniel took a deep breath to calm himself, then nodded. “I understand, Mother. Thank you for your advice. I know what to do now.”
“You’ve always been smart. As long as you’re willing to put in the effort, there’s nothing you can’t achieve,” Cynthia said with a faint smile.
Her son had everything-wisdom, strength, and exceptional talent. But his only flaw was his lack of tolerance. If he could overcome that, he would have a better chance of becoming crown prince.
The next morning, Nathaniel brought Felicia along when he visited Dustin. His expression was no longer gloomy like the day before. Instead, his face was bright with a warm smile.
He walked briskly into the courtyard. When he saw Dustin, he bowed respectfully and said, “Logan, I apologize for my behavior yesterday. I hope you won’t hold it against me.”
Dustin was caught off guard. He quickly set his book aside and stepped forward to stop Nathaniel. His face was filled with confusion.
“Your Highness, what is this about? I’m sure your actions yesterday were meant to ensure the safety of your mansion. How could I possibly hold a grudge?”
Nathaniel straightened up and looked at him sincerely. He sighed and said, “I acted rashly yesterday and nearly made a grave mistake. That’s why I’ve come today to apologize and ask for your forgiveness.”
Then, he motioned for Felicia to step forward and added, “I’ve brought Felicia along to apologize. I know she is quite talented. If she stays with you, she could help keep you company.”
Dustin quickly waved his hands and refused, “Your Highness, I can’t accept this. Ms. Thorns is your consultant. I couldn’t possibly take someone so close to you?”
He was even more confused now. Just yesterday, Nathaniel looked ready to kill him, so what had caused this drastic change? Was there a hidden agenda?
“No need to be polite,” Nathaniel said. “I have plenty of talented people at my disposal. Even if she left, it wouldn’t make any difference. But if she serves you, that’s where her talents will truly be put to use.”
He pushed Felicia forward, and his smile grew even wider.
She kept her head down and gripped the hem of her sleeve so tightly that her knuckles turned white.
Felicia cautiously lifted her gaze and cast a pleading look at Dustin. Her eyes were filled with a mix of hope and anxiety as if she silently expressed her desperate desire to break free from her current life.
Dustin’s heart softened at the vulnerable look on her face. Thinking of how she had helped him before, he reluctantly nodded.
“If Your Highness insists, it would be rude of me to refuse,” he said.
Nathaniel laughed heartily. “Excellent! I knew you’d agree. If you ever need anything, just say the word and I’ll do everything I can to help.”
Dustin kept his expression neutral, but his doubts only deepened.
He had expected Nathaniel to hold a grudge over the stolen treasure, or perhaps seek revenge. Instead, he not only let the matter slide but even went so far as to offer Felicia to him. There had to be something more going on here.
“I’ll take my leave, then. Treat Ms. Thorns well.”
Nathaniel gave a parting salute and left with his entourage.
Once they were gone, Dustin turned to Felicia and whispered, “What’s going on with him?”
“I’m not sure,” she replied, shaking her head. “He dragged me here early this morning to apologize and insisted on offering me to you.”
“Is this some kind of honey trap?” Dustin narrowed his eyes.
He couldn’t make sense of it. Was Nathaniel trying to do him a favor and thought he was interested in Felicia after last night?
“Whatever he’s planning, this arrangement doesn’t seem too bad for either of us,” Felicia said with a sly smile.
If Dustin accepted her, her status would instantly rise-no more faking smiles or enduring humiliation. And even if he didn’t, she had gained her freedom now.
With the wealth she had accumulated, she could live comfortably for the rest of her life.
###Chapter 2548
Dustin agreed with what Felicia had said.
He had expected Nathaniel to use the situation as an excuse to make things difficult for him. Or perhaps put him under house arrest and keep him from leaving.
But to his surprise, Nathaniel did nothing. He even offered Dustin one of the top beauties on the Beauty Ranking.
It was clear that he was trying to establish a friendly relationship. Whether there were other motives behind this gesture didn’t matter for now. As far as Dustin was concerned, this outcome worked in his favor.
“Forget it. Let’s talk about it later, ” Dustin said.
He didn’t dwell on it and left the mansion with Felicia. Time was running out, and he couldn’t afford any delays.
He had to follow Grace’s plan and use the Dracan essence to boost his cultivation before the two royal gods of the Hall of Gods arrived.
Dustin leaned against the plush seat of a sleek luxury car. His gaze was fixed on the blur of scenery outside the window with a tense expression.
Felicia, dressed in red, gracefully sat beside him. She tilted her head slightly and looked at him with hesitation and expectation.
“Mr. Rhys,” she said softly, “I have nowhere to go now. From now on, I’ll follow you.”
Dustin frowned upon hearing that and glanced at her.
She had lowered her head, and her long lashes cast shadows over her face. Her rosy lips were pursed in an almost pitiful expression.
He rubbed his temples.
Felicia was sharp and calculative. Yet, he still had no idea what Nathaniel’s real goal was..
Dustin knew bringing her along on a whim might complicate things. But then he remembered how she’d helped him before, and he just couldn’t bring himself to turn his back on her.
He shook his head and said, “Ms. Thorns, someone like me is always on the move. I’ve made more enemies than friends. Staying by my side would only put you in danger. I don’t think it’s a good idea.
“Are you trying to send me away?” Felicia asked. “It may look like I have a good life at Nathaniel’s mansion, but I was trapped like a bird and bound by rules.
“I finally escaped that torment and was thrilled to follow you. But I never expected you to be so cold.”
She raised her head, and her eyes glistened with tears as she looked at Dustin. Her voice trembled with emotion, and she looked so pitiful.
He quickly explained, “You’ve misunderstood me. I’m not trying to drive you away. The situation right now is complicated, and I’m dealing with my own problems. I don’t want to drag you into this mess.”
Felicia’s eyes flickered with a mischievous gleam, but she kept up the act of being vulnerable as she leaned toward Dustin.
She said in a low voice, “Mr. Rhys, I’m not afraid of getting into trouble. When I first saw you, I could tell you were different from the other men. There’s something about you-a kind of drive, a purpose.
“I’m willing to follow you, share your troubles, and ease your burdens, even if it means putting myself in danger.”
Her voice was gentle and melodious, with a subtle charm. Her warm breath brushed against his cheek, making the moment feel almost intimate.
Dustin leaned back and quickly distanced himself, clearing his throat twice.
“Ms. Thorns, it’s not as simple as you think. The troubles I’m dealing with are much bigger than what Nathaniel has going on.
“Of course, I won’t forget what you’ve done for me. I’ll help you find a place to settle and ensure you’re well taken care of, with enough money to live comfortably for the rest of your life.”
Seeing Dustin’s reaction, Felicia didn’t press any further. She nodded and replied, “I’ll do as you say, Mr. Rhys.”
She knew trying to force her intentions would only drive him away.
Although she had a crush on an outstanding young man like Dustin, they were ultimately strangers who had only just met.
Felicia wasn’t the type to chase after someone with desperation. With her looks and intelligence, finding a promising match wouldn’t be hard.
Still, if the opportunity to get closer to Dustin arose, she wouldn’t pass it up. After all, only a few young talents in Oakvale could command Nathaniel’s attention.
Half an hour later, the car pulled up in front of a luxury.hotel-one of Grace’s properties, backed by government connections.
It was ideal to let Felicia stay at the moment as it could minimize any unnecessary trouble. A woman with her looks, especially one ranked on the Beauty Ranking, was bound to draw unwanted attention. Without someone powerful backing her, she’d be an easy target for spoiled rich kids.
Once she was settled in, Dustin returned to the car and made his way to Soluna Hall. He and Grace agreed to meet there after his mission was complete.
Around 15 minutes later, the car arrived at the entrance.
Everything had been arranged in advance, so Dustin walked in without a hitch. He made his way across the lobby and stepped into the rear garden.
He walked toward the same room as before. Inside, Grace was already waiting.
He pushed the door open and noticed she was sipping tea. Then, he raised his hand and placed two ornate boxes containing the Dracan essence on the table.
“Mission accomplished. I’ve retrieved the item,” Dustin said.
“I thought it would take you three days at least. Honestly, I didn’t expect you to finish so quickly. That’s worth celebrating, “Grace replied with a smile.
She poured him a cup of tea and slid it across the table. It was still warm, just the right temperature to drink.
Now that all five Dracan essences were gathered, they could proceed with their plan.
###Chapter 2549
“I was surprised I managed to bring the Dragon essence back so smoothly. I was ready to go head-to-head with Nathaniel if it came to that,” Dustin said.
Grace raised an eyebrow and asked curiously, “Oh? What happened?”
He didn’t hold back and recounted everything in detail-from Nathaniel’s unexpected gesture of goodwill to Felicia covering up for him and her subsequent allegiance.
He shook his head and asked, “So, what do you think Nathaniel is up to? He was suspicious of me before, and we nearly got into a fight.
“But the next day, he was like a completely different person. He was warm and had an overly friendly demeanor. He even sent me a top beauty from the Beauty Ranking. It doesn’t make sense at all.”
“I think this is likely connected to his mother, Lady Spanner,” Grace replied.
She paused for a thought, then added, 11 Lady Spanner is a shrewd and calculating woman. She probably realized Nathaniel can’t take you head-on. Rather than continuing to oppose you, she’s trying to win you over.
“Sending Felicia to you serves two purposes. First, it’s a way to extend an olive branch. Second, they want to keep her by your side. She could be of use to Nathaniel if the situation allows for it.
“But whether Felicia is truly a spy is hard to say. Given his shrewdness, if he really intended to use her as an informant, sending her to you so openly would be far too obvious.”
Dustin rubbed his chin as he pondered her words. “That may be true, but you can never be too careful. Something about this still feels off.”
“In that case, why not keep Felicia close?”
Grace suggested. “I can help you make the arrangements. If she really is up to something, there’s no way she can pull anything under our watch.
She added with a mischievous smile, ”
Besides, beauties on the Beauty Ranking don’t come around often. If you miss your shot now, you might regret it later.”
He rolled his eyes at her words. “Stop teasing me. I’ll keep an eye on her for now. If she turns out to be harmless, I’ll figure out a place for her. Anyway, let’s get back to business.”
Grace’s smile faded, and her expression turned serious.
“Now that all five Dragon essences are gathered, you should be able to break through. But first, I need to make some preparations.”
She couldn’t just inject the five Dragon essences into Dustin. First, she had to merge them, set up the formation, and wait for the right time and place.
“Do you need my help?” Dustin asked.
“No, I’ve got it,” she replied, shaking her head. “Just stay here today and rest. Meet me at Embercrest Hill tomorrow night. It’s around 50 miles west of the city. I’ll take care of the rest.”
“Got it. I’ll leave it to you then,” Dustin said with a nod.
The sun dipped below the horizon and cast a blaze of red and gold across the sky.
Deep within a hidden stronghold of the Hall of Gods in Oakvale, two figures sat side by side-Zeus and Hera. Even their mere presence commanded respect.
Zeus was tall and muscular, with long golden hair that fluttered in the breeze. His presence was commanding, and his gaze was sharp and piercing, as if he could see through everything.
Beside him, Hera was dressed in a flowing gown. She was stunning, yet carried an air of majesty, nobility, and an almost sacred grace.
Standing before them were more than a dozen individuals, all of whom were key members of the Hall of Gods hidden in Oakvale. Each one was a grandmaster martial artist.
This was the Hall of Gods’ most formidable force left in the city. They were spread across various regions and rarely crossed paths. But today, they had gathered for one purpose to eliminate Dustin and reassert the Hall of Gods’ prestige.
“It’s been three days and still no sign of Logan Rhys?” Zeus asked.
Sitting on a makeshift throne, he snorted coldly. His immense pressure immediately filled the room.
Everyone felt an intense pressure weighing them down. Their shoulders slumped, and their legs trembled uncontrollably.
A hulking man, over six and a half feet tall, lowered his head and reported, “Lord Zeus, we’ve deployed all available scouts. We should have news soon.”
He was built like a bear, but in front of Zeus and Hera, he appeared like a mouse.
“You have one more day. If you don’t find Logan by then, I’ll pick one of you to sacrifice to the gods daily until he is found, “Zeus growled.
Everyone turned pale. Cold sweat poured down their faces, but no one dared to say anything. They all knew Zeus wasn’t making idle threats. If they failed, death was the only thing waiting for them.
“Lord Zeus! Lady Hera! We have news.’
A blonde woman in a black leather suit strode briskly into the hall.
“Hmm?”
Zeus and Hera looked up simultaneously and asked, “Have you found him?”
“According to my informants, he’s been staying at Prince Nathaniel’s mansion for the past two days. It looks like he’s planning to seek asylum,” the blonde woman said.
Zeus scoffed. “He thinks hiding behind Nathaniel will keep him safe? What a joke.”
If Logan had sought refuge in the palace with the Regal Observatory’s elder still guarding it, Zeus might’ve hesitated. But some second-rate prince? It was hardly worth his attention.
“Lead the way,” Hera said flatly.
At that instant, a wave of killing intent surged from her.
###Chapter 2550
That night, two figures hovered silently above Nathaniel’s mansion. They looked down and took in every detail of the mansion below.
It was none other than Zeus and Hera.
“This is the place.”
They exchanged a brief glance before turning into two streaks of light and slamming down in front of the gates. With a single strike, they knocked out the two guards.
Zeus then casually raised his hand. The main gate exploded in a violent roar and crumbled to dust in an instant.
Suddenly, a surge of immense energy flooded the entire mansion.
“Who dares break into Prince Nathaniel’s mansion?”
The noise drew the attention of Lycas and Bryce, two of Nathaniel’s personal guards. They stormed out with a squad of soldiers and quickly surrounded Zeus and Hera, who had just entered the compound.
But when they felt the crushing pressure radiating from the intruders, Lycas and Bryce felt a chill run down their spines. Their expressions grew darker by the second.
“Where’s Logan Rhys?” Zeus demanded.
He stood with his hands behind his back. His voice was cold and dismissive, as if the guards around him didn’t exist.
“I don’t care who you are,” Lycas snapped. “Leave now, or suffer the consequences!”
“You have no idea who you’re dealing with, “Zeus said.
With a scoff, he casually tapped his finger in the air.
A thick bolt of purple lightning shot forward and slammed straight into Lycas’ chest. The next instant, his body exploded.
“What?”
Everyone reeled in shock at the sight. Their faces turned pale in disbelief.
Lycas was the strongest among them. His strength was nearly at the developed grandmaster level. In Oakvale, he was considered one of the top experts.
Yet, none of them had expected someone to eliminate him with a single move. He hadn’t even gotten the chance to fight back.
“Let me ask you one more time. Where is Logan Rhys?” Zeus asked coldly.
Sparks of lightning danced between his fingertips and crackled with barely restrained power. With his level, killing an ordinary martial artist was as easy as swatting a fly.
“Are you Zeus, the royal god of the Hall of Gods?” Bryce asked.
He recognized the man mainly because of his Strequan features and the deadly lightning crackling in his hand. No one else could command that kind of power.
Zeus sneered. “At least you’re not completely clueless. Since you know who I am, you’d better answer my questions honestly. If not, none of you will walk out of here alive.”
“Lord Zeus, Logan is not here. He had already left the mansion,” Bryce answered.
“He left?” Zeus frowned. “Where did he go? 11
“Logan comes and goes without notice. We don’t know where he is,” Bryce replied, shaking his head.
“You don’t know?” Zeus’s expression darkened. “Then, you’re of no use to me.”
With that, he raised his hand, ready to strike.
“Wait!” Bryce’s knees nearly buckled in fear as he quickly blurted, “We may not know where he is right now, but we can track him down. We’ve got informants all over Oakvale. It won’t take long to locate him.”
Zeus slowly lowered his hand.
The Hall of Gods had members stationed in Oakvale, but there were places they couldn’t move freely without stirring up trouble. If Nathaniel’s men were willing to help with the search, it’d make finding Dustin a lot easier and could avoid unnecessary trouble.
“You have one day. If I don’t get the information by tomorrow, I’ll burn this place down,” Zeus threatened.
“Yes, of course.” Bryce nodded frantically.
When facing a world-class ultimate grandmaster like Zeus, he knew there was no room for negotiation. If Bryce so much as refused, he’d be struck by lightning and die in an instant.
Survival was his only priority. He’d agree to anything just to stay alive. Whatever came next would be Nathaniel’s problem to sort out.
“Let’s go,” Zeus said.
With a sharp push off the ground, he shot into the sky and disappeared into the night.
Meanwhile, Hera turned to Bryce and the others. She blew softly in their direction, and a cloud of black, deathly mist surged into their bodies.
“Don’t even think about running. If you screw this up, you’re all dead,” she said.
With a sneer, she transformed into a wisp of smoke and disappeared.
Once they were gone, Bryce’s legs buckled. He collapsed onto the ground, drenched in cold sweat.
The other soldiers weren’t in much better shape. Their faces were pale, as if they had just narrowly escaped death.
The pressure from Zeus and Hera had been overwhelming. The image of Lycas’ body exploding still haunted them. It was a traumatic sight that would stay with them for life.
After sitting in stunned silence for a while, Bryce finally snapped out of his daze. He quickly stood up and rushed toward the courtyard where Nathaniel was staying.
This wasn’t something a second-in-command like him could handle alone. He needed to report it to Nathaniel immediately.
If possible, they’d need to call in the elite guards from the palace-assuming even they could hold the line.
###Chapter 2551
Bryce rushed into Nathaniel’s quarter and stumbled as he went. His clothes were soaked with sweat, and his face still wore the pallor of fear.
At that moment, Nathaniel was seated at his desk. He stared into the dim glow of a single lamp, lost in thought. Upon hearing the sound of frantic footsteps, he frowned and looked up.
“Y-Your Highness! Something terrible has happened,” Bryce stammered. He burst through the door and was too panicked to bother with formalities.
“What’s wrong?” Nathaniel asked with a frown, and he looked annoyed.
The mansion was so large that the explosion of the main gate earlier hadn’t alerted him.
“Your Highness, Zeus and Hera, the royal gods from the Hall of Gods, just barged in and attacked us. General Derin tried to stop them, but Zeus raised his hand and struck him with a lightning bolt. General Derin… He was killed on the spot.”
Bryce forced himself to calm his nerves and quickly recounted what had happened earlier. He had seen his share of battles, so he wasn’t easily frightened. However, Lycas’ sudden end had shaken him to his core.
In the blink of an eye, Lycas’ body exploded. He was obliterated, with only a few charred scraps remaining-his bones had completely turned into ash.
The brutal scene left a deep psychological scar on Bryce. He was a powerful grandmaster martial artist, but he was as helpless as an insect in front of Zeus. The overwhelming gap in strength shattered Bryce’s confidence.
“What nonsense are you talking about?” Nathaniel snapped. “Why would the royal gods of the Hall of Gods come to my mansion and kill my men? You’ve got to be mistaken.”
His first instinct was to dismiss it as impossible. He had no personal conflict with anyone from the Hall of Gods. They’d even done some shady deals behind closed doors. 1
No matter how he looked at it, the Hall of Gods had no reason to target him. They even sent two royal gods his way.
These royal gods from the Hall of Gods were supreme fighters with the power to change the course of a nation. They wouldn’t act unless necessary, and certainly wouldn’t eliminate someone without some benefit to gain.
None of this made any sense to Nathaniel, nor could he believe it.
“Your Highness, I swear it’s true. Some of General Derin’s remains are still scattered outside the gates. I wouldn’t dare lie to you, “Bryce said. His face was full of distress.
“How could this happen? I’ve never crossed them. Why would they come after me?” Nathaniel’s expression turned grim.
“It’s because of Mr. Rhys,” Bryce blurted.
He didn’t dare to hide it and explained, ”
The royal gods are here for him. General Derin was killed simply for not responding quickly enough.
“If I hadn’t quickly suggested we help them track down Mr. Rhys, they might have stormed the mansion and threatened your safety, Your Highness.”
“Logan?” Nathaniel’s expression darkened even further.
He’d suffered heavy losses just to win Dustin’s favor. Even though his vault was destroyed and the Dracan essence was stolen, he swallowed his pride. He wanted to leave a good impression on Dustin and set the stage for the future.
Nathaniel never imagined Dustin tangled up in such a huge mess. It was so serious that the Hall of Gods dispatched two royal gods from across the continent to kill him.
If Nathaniel protected him, he’d offend two royal gods and bring trouble upon himself. But turning him over meant betraying the West Lucozian monarchy and throwing away everything he’d invested.
No matter which option Nathaniel chose, neither was a favorable one.
“What should we do now, Your Highness?” Bryce asked, pale and sweating. “Lord Zeus has given us one day. If we don’t deliver by sunset tomorrow, they’ll be back-and this time, it won’t end well for us.”
“Damn it!” Nathaniel cursed, gritting his teeth. “How did I end up in this mess?”
His expression shifted between frustration and anxiety. In this situation, one wrong move could make everything worse.
After thinking for a while, he ordered, ” Prepare the car. I’m going out.”
At times like this, the only person who could offer him genuine advice was Cynthia.
Whenever he faced a major crisis, he always turned to his mother. She was the one who could always come up with a solution, no matter how impossible the situation seemed.
With the royal gods from the Hall of Gods involved, things were far beyond his ability to handle alone. He would have to rely on his mother and the Spanner family’s influence to navigate this crisis.
As night fell, Nathaniel, accompanied by Bryce and a few trusted aides, sped toward Aylka in a car.
To avoid drawing attention, he even disguised himself. Fortunately, the journey was smooth, and they soon arrived at Cynthia’s royal residence.
At that moment, she was sitting by the lamp and reading a book. When she saw her son arrive in such a hurried state, she couldn’t help but feel puzzled.
“Nathaniel, what’s going on? Why such urgency?” she asked.
“Mother, I’ve run into some trouble,” he replied. He didn’t hide the truth and carefully explained the situation to her.
After hearing his story, Cynthia’s expression turned serious. She motioned for Nathaniel to sit, then ordered someone to pour tea for him.
After a moment of thought, she said, “This isn’t unsolvable. With the right approach, it might even turn into an opportunity.”
“Really? Do you have a plan?” Nathaniel asked, eyes filled with anticipation.
“You need to send someone to warn Logan. Let him know that the royal gods from the Hall of Gods are coming for him, and he should be cautious. We can use this chance to return a favor,” Cynthia said.
“Mother, if that’s the case, wouldn’t the royal gods also come after me?” Nathaniel asked with a frown.
“Hold on. Let me finish,” she said with a faint smile.
She added, “You’re investing in a favor, so Logan will owe you later. As for the Hall of Gods, just shift the blame. Find a scapegoat. That way, you won’t anger the West Lucozian monarchy. You’ll wash your hands of the matter completely. It’s the perfect solution, don’t you think?”
###Chapter 2552
“Find a scapegoat?” Nathaniel asked.
He looked confused. He didn’t understand what Cynthia meant. “Could you explain what you mean, Mother?”
“Think about it. If your enemies are too powerful to deal with, why not let the royal gods from the Hall of Gods handle them?” Cynthia explained.
She smiled slyly and added, “Your brothers, for example. Or any other thorns in your side.”
Nathaniel perked up, and a glint of understanding flashed in his eyes.
“That’s brilliant, Mother. I see it now.”
He had been so frantic earlier that he hadn’t seen the bigger picture. The royal gods of the Hall of Gods arriving at his doorstep wasn’t just a threat but an opportunity.
If he played it right, Nathaniel could use the Hall of Gods to eliminate his enemies. It wouldn’t just resolve the crisis, but it’d also keep him on good terms with the West
Lucozian monarchy.
He could let the royal gods handle the dirty work while clearing his path to the throne. This wasn’t just killing two birds with one stone but a clean sweep on all fronts.
As always, his mother’s advice had proven invaluable.
“No matter what happens, you must stay calm and find a way to turn the situation in your favor,” Cynthia reminded him.
She went on, “I’ve said all I needed to say. You know what to do. Surely, you don’t need me to plan the rest for you?”
“Don’t worry, Mother. I know how to handle it,” Nathaniel said with a nod.
Now that he had a plan, it was time to implement it. His intel network and personal connections would finally come into play.
“Before I forget, there’s something else you should keep in mind,” Cynthia said, as if suddenly recalling something. “You should start building a stronger relationship with Logan. He’s going to be key to your claim to the throne. If you can win him over, he’ll be one of your greatest assets.”
Nathaniel shook his head. “His connection to the West Lucozian monarchy definitely makes him valuable, but from what I’ve seen, he has no interest in politics. No matter what we do, I doubt it’ll make a difference.”
To be honest, he never had a good impression of Dustin. He’d tried to win him over more than once, but Dustin never responded and didn’t even bother to show the slightest courtesy.
What really got under Nathaniel’s skin was how Dustin had used the Dracan essence to scheme against him. If Cynthia hadn’t calmed him down, he might’ve already turned hostile toward Dustin.
What looked like a golden opportunity turned out to be a dead end. So, Nathaniel had no reason to keep investing in someone so useless.
“Even if Logan isn’t interested in politics, there are other ways to win him over,” Cynthia said. “The point is-he’s a valuable asset and definitely worth the investment. No matter what, do not make an enemy out of him. Understand?”
“I’ll keep that in mind, Mother,” Nathaniel replied. He didn’t argue, but he wasn’t about to make any promises either.
As far as he was concerned, Dustin might be valuable. But if he couldn’t be put to use, then he wasn’t worth the trouble.
Nathaniel had already gone out of his way to extend an olive branch. If the man wasn’t interested, there was no point in wasting any more effort on him.
He’d tolerated Dustin’s schemes and put up with the messes he brought. He had already gone above and beyond-more than anyone could expect. If Dustin still didn’t get the hint, he wouldn’t humiliate himself by groveling for his favor.
Nathaniel was the prince of Dragonmarsh. Why should he keep bending over backward for Dustin, who had a lower rank than him?
Even if he couldn’t gain Dustin’s allegiance, he had no intention of making him an enemy-provided Dustin didn’t provoke him first.
“It’s getting late. You should go home now. Remember, those who aim for greatness must tread carefully. Don’t rush the process,” Cynthia reminded him again.
“Understood, Mother. I’ll take my leave now,” Nathaniel said, bowing respectfully.
Looking at his retreating figure, she sighed softly and muttered, “He still has much to learn.”
Given her sharp insight, how could she not see through her son’s thoughts? While he had taken most of her advice to heart, his feelings toward Dustin clouded his judgment.
“Prince Nathaniel is young and ambitious, so it’s no surprise he’s a bit headstrong,” said Nita Ambrose, the elderly maid standing beside her. “It’s only natural for him to feel competitive with someone his own age, like Logan.”
Nita had been by Cynthia’s side since childhood and was her most trusted confidante. Despite their status, they were as close as sisters.
On top of that, Nita was a grandmaster martial artist and Cynthia’s bodyguard.
Cynthia’s rise through the palace ranks among the other consorts and even outmaneuvering the queen wouldn’t have been possible without Nita. With her guarding every step, Cynthia never had to look over her shoulder.
Cynthia said softly, “Years ago, someone from the Regal Observatory predicted that Logan was destined for greatness. He is also the best right-hand man for a future king. Even though he has kept a low profile for years, he still possesses great untapped potential.
“Many people focus solely on the West Lucozian monarchy backing him, but overlook that Logan himself is the real key. I just hope Nathaniel knows how to seize this opportunity.”
“If Logan isn’t interested in politics, there’s nothing Prince Nathaniel can do,” Nita replied. “The wisest move is to make sure not to turn him into an enemy.”
Cynthia nodded thoughtfully, then changed the subject. “I need you to go to Spanner Villa and tell the two elders to protect Nathaniel discreetly, just in case anything happens.”
“Yes, my lady,” Nita responded and vanished into the shadows.
###Chapter 2553
The moonlight was veiled by thick clouds that night.
After returning to his mansion, Nathaniel was plotting how to saddle Matthias with the explosive threat posed by Zeus and Hera.
He chose Matthias over Tristan because Matthias commanded the largest power base. With his military background and strong followers, he was the perfect candidate to deal with the two royal gods from the Hall of Gods.
Nathaniel hoped they would destroy each other in a deadly struggle, allowing him to swoop in and reap the rewards.
After mulling it over, he stood up and gave his order. “Tell Bamon Niles, Wane Brutson, and Cronus Liam to meet me in the study in an hour.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” the guard at the door responded and promptly left the room.
An hour later, the three men arrived one after another. They were Nathaniel’s most trusted advisors-sharp, dependable, and always ready with a plan.
“Greetings, Your Highness.”
The trio entered together and greeted Nathaniel with practiced respect.
“Please take your seat,” Nathaniel said as he gestured for them to sit.
He continued, “This is a serious matter, so I’ll get straight to the point. I summoned you here to discuss something important.”
Nathaniel laid out everything-from Cynthia’s plan to use someone else as a scapegoat to his choice to use Matthias as the target. Not a single detail was left out.
When he finished, a heavy silence settled over the room.
“Your Highness, the plan is great, but risky. If anything goes wrong, we could lose more than what we bargained for,” Bamon said as he stroked his white beard with a serious expression.
“Only those who walk through fire grasp the flame,” Nathaniel replied. “The two royal gods from the Hall of Gods are a serious threat, but if we use them properly, they’ll become the sharpest tools in our arsenal.”
At that moment, the flickering candlelight cast distorted shadows on his face.
He continued, “I plan to have the two royal gods do all the dirty work and destroy everything Matthias has worked so hard to build.”
Wane’s face turned pale at the words. His body trembled slightly under his official uniform.
“Your Highness, Zeus and Hera are no ordinary beings,” he said. “Prince Matthias also has formidable talents by his side. If they discover you’re the one stirring the pot, then-”
“That’s why we can’t leave any loose ends, “Nathaniel cut him off. “I’ll send someone to arrange a meeting with Zeus and Hera at the Helvetica Club. Then, I’ll send in three teams of death warriors to blend in with the crowd.
“The first team will pose as wandering mercenaries. After a few drinks, they’ll casually bring up a mysterious wounded man hidden in the castle’s private chamber. Just loud enough for the next table to overhear.
“The second team will impersonate Matthias’s men. After a few rounds of drinks, they’ll let Logan’s name slip during a heated argument-enough to plant the seed.
“And the third team’s job is to cause a scene. They’ll knock over drinks, bump into guests, and stir things up to keep Zeus and Hera too distracted to think clearly.
“With everything set up, and knowing how the two royal gods are, they’ll definitely grab someone and start questioning them. That’s when our death warriors can step in and shift the blame to Matthias.”
Upon hearing that, Cronus’ eyes lit up. 11 Your Highness, that’s an excellent plan. With that much misdirection, even the truth will begin to look like a lie.”
“If I may… How can we gain people’s trust with just a few words?” Bamon asked respectfully as he voiced his doubts.
Nathaniel smiled faintly. He walked to the wall and slid open a hidden compartment. From within, he retrieved an emerald badge carved with an intricate M-the exact badge used by those in Matthias’ estate.
The badge gleamed softly under the candlelight but looked like a poisoned dagger.
“This is a badge used by Matthias’ guards. With this, he won’t be able to argue his way out,” Nathaniel said.
He tossed the badge to Cronus. “You’re leading the team tomorrow night. Give this to the death warriors as proof of identity. Forge a few secret letters about Logan working with Matthias and seal them with his private wax. Make sure everything looks perfect.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” Cronus replied with a respectful nod.
Nathaniel’s gaze shifted to Bamon and Wane before saying, “As for the two of you, handle the cleanup. Every detail must hold up under scrutiny. The more convincing the lie, the easier it is to believe.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” they replied in unison.
They had no choice but to follow Nathaniel’s lead.
For now, the plan was airtight. If they used the Hall of Gods to their advantage, removing major threats and paving the path ahead wasn’t impossible.
And if they managed to undermine Matthias’ power, Nathaniel, whom they supported, would have a far better chance at claiming the throne.
Should Nathaniel succeed, Cronus, Bamon, and Wane would become loyal ministers. Then, their status and influence would be elevated with a single stroke.
Despite the risks and flaws, they had to take the gamble. Win, and they’d soar. Lose, and they’d still have a way out. Either way, they were the ones holding the cards.
###Chapter 2554
At noon the following day, Zeus and Hera were playing a game of chess.
Suddenly, a middle-aged man hurried into the room. He bowed and said, “Greetings, Lord Zeus and Lady Hera. We’ve located Logan.”
Zeus and Hera looked up at once.
“Oh? You found him? Where is he?” Zeus asked.
“This morning, two groups of mysterious guests showed up at the Hevetica Club downtown, which is under Hall of Gods territory. During their conversation, they mentioned Logan’s name. According to them, he’s recovering from injuries in some important figure’s private chamber.”
“Injuries?”
Zeus and Hera exchanged a glance and nodded.
Logan might’ve won his fight against Poseidon, but he must’ve taken a serious hit. No wonder he’s been off the radar. It turned out that he had gone into hiding to recover.
“Any idea who this important figure is?” Zeus asked.
“Those people looked strong. Our scouts didn’t dare get too close, so they couldn’t hear everything clearly. I came to report right away to avoid tipping them off. The decision to proceed now rests with you, my lord, my lady,” the middle-aged man said, head bowed.
Even as a key member of the Hall of Gods, he knew better than to act without orders. He didn’t rise through the ranks by taking chances. Instead, he just kept his head down and steered clear of mistakes.
“Useless fool! You can’t handle even such a small task,” Zeus snapped.
“I’m sorry, my lord… But Logan is an ultimate grandmaster. I’m no match for him. Only someone like you or Lady Hera could take him down,” the middle-aged man stammered.
“Forget it. If we leave it to fools like you, nothing will ever get done. We’ll handle this ourselves,” Zeus said as he slowly rose from his seat.
“I think I’ll sit this one out.” Hera yawned. “Logan is injured, so I’m sure you can handle him alone. I doubt you’ll need me.”
“He’s not the problem. It’s the old beast in Aylka. If we wake him up, I won’t be able to deal with Logan alone,” Zeus replied coldly.
“Fine. I’ll go with you. The sooner we finish, the better. I really don’t like the weather in Oakvale,” Hera said lazily as she stretched.
If she were back in Artea, she’d still be sleeping at this hour.
20 minutes later, agonizing screams echoed from the second floor of the Helvetica Club. More than a dozen martial artists lay sprawled across the floor, groaning in pain. Not a single one could stand.
“Where’s Logan?” Zeus asked. He planted his boot on a man’s head, looking down indifferently.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” the man growled through gritted teeth.
“Wrong answer,” Zeus said flatly.
He crushed the man’s skull with a stomp, then turned to the next person. His voice was ice cold as he demanded, “Tell me where Logan is.”
“Please have mercy. I’m begging you,” the man cried, scrambling to his knees. “I swear, I was just here for a drink. I don’t want any part of this. Please spare me.”
“Pathetic fool,” Zeus said.
He raised a hand and unleashed a bolt of lightning that ripped through the man’s chest. It bore a hole straight through him and shattered his heart into pieces.
Strangely, no blood flowed from the wound, which was instead seared into blackened char.
The sight left everyone frozen in fear, cold sweat pouring down their faces.
“If anyone knows Logan’s whereabouts, I will spare his life. Speak now, or die,” Zeus threatened, voice like steel.
He was known for his brutal methods and had no patience for negotiations. Anyone who dared to defy him would be killed without a second thought.
After watching two men die in an instant, the others quickly realized that speaking up was their only chance of survival.
“I’ll count to three. Once I’m done, you’re all dead.” Zeus slowly raised his hand, and lightning crackled around his fingertips.
A wave of terrifying pressure swept through the place and crushed the air out of everyone’s lungs.
“Three…”
“Two…”
“One…”
Just as Zeus was about to wipe out everyone in the room, one man in a green outfit finally cracked under the pressure. ” Fine. I’ll talk. I know where Logan is,” he blurted.
“Good.” Zeus gave a satisfied nod.
With a flick of his finger, a streak of lightning shot out like a serpent and weaved through the remaining martial artists at blinding speed.
When the last body hit the floor, the lightning serpent snapped back to Zeus’s hand. It danced and flickered between his fingers.
Now, only the man in green was left standing. He stared in horror at the piles of blackened ash around him.
He hadn’t expected Zeus to be this ruthless. Even as a death warrior, he couldn’t stop the fear crawling up his spine.
“Talk. Where is he?” Zeus asked. There wasn’t a hint of emotion in his voice.
The man swallowed hard.
“I-I’m Prince Matthias’ guard. Last night, a mysterious guest showed up at His Highness’ mansion. I believe his name was Logan Rhys.”
“Matthias?” Zeus narrowed his eyes. “How do I know you’re not lying?”
“This… this should be enough to prove my identity,” the man said. He fumbled inside his pocket and pulled out a badge carved with an intricate M.
Zeus snatched the badge from his hand and passed it to one of the key members of the Hall of Gods beside him.
“Yes. This is the authentic guard’s badge from Prince Matthias’ mansion,” the key member confirmed as he nodded repeatedly.
“Head to Matthias’ mansion and bring Logan to me,” Zeus ordered.
With that, he raised his hand, killed the man in green, and disappeared.
###Chapter 2555
At dusk, Matthias and Seamus sat across from each other in the Mosey mansion. They were locked in an intense game of strategy. The terrain model between them had become a battlefield, and each move was met with a calculated counter.
Anders stood beside them as he silently observed their game without interrupting.
Eventually, the game ended after Seamus placed a white flag in the terrain model and conceded defeat.
“Your Highness, your grasp of warfare is truly remarkable,” he said. “Your tactics are sharp, unpredictable-almost otherworldly. There’s simply no defending against them. I’ve always considered myself a strategist, but clearly, I’m nowhere near your level.”
He chuckled and shook his head, then took the white towel the maid handed over and slowly wiped his fingers.
“You flatter me, Uncle Seamus. It was just a lucky break, that’s all,” Matthias replied humbly.
Though he was born into royalty, Matthias never dared to assert himself in Seamus’ presence.
After all, Seamus was the primary backer of his ascension to the throne. He didn’t just provide financial backing, but he also helped Matthias build alliances and clear the many obstacles in his way.
With that backing, Matthias finally had the edge to challenge Tristan and Nathaniel in the fight for the throne.
“You’re truly gifted. You excel in intellect and warfare. Given time, you will undoubtedly become a ruler remembered throughout history,” Seamus complimented him generously.
“It’s too soon to say that. The crown prince title is still undecided. There’s no guarantee who will claim it,” Matthias replied and shook his head.
Though confident he could beat Tristan and Nathaniel, Matthias wasn’t taking any chances. He knew better than to relax until the throne was firmly within his grasp.
“With my godfather’s support, along with the Fallon family, the ancient houses, and all the major powers behind you, your claim to the throne is almost guaranteed,” Anders said with a smile.
“That may be true, but everyone knows my father has always favored Nathaniel. If he insists on supporting Nathaniel, what should we do then?” Matthias asked, narrowing his eyes.
Seamus calmly took a sip of tea and didn’t respond.
Anders glanced at Seamus, then lowered his voice.
“If it comes to that, Your Highness must be ruthless. You may have to take a page from the Boulderthorn betrayal,” he said.
Matthias’ smile faltered. He looked at Seamus and then back at Anders.
“Anders, watch your words. Do you think I would ever resort to killing my brothers for the sake of power?” he snapped.
“Your Highness, you’re kind and righteous, but that doesn’t mean your brothers share the same virtue. While you’re concerned about brotherhood, they could be plotting behind your back,” Anders advised.
“I think this is something that requires careful consideration. What do you think, Uncle Seamus?” Matthias redirected the discussion toward Seamus.
Anders knew he couldn’t act without Seamus’s approval. If betrayal was on the table, it would need Seamus’ support.
“I will follow your lead. Whatever decision you make, I will fully support you,” Seamus replied calmly.
“Thank you, Uncle Seamus,” Matthias said with a faint smile. “By the way, any news from the West Lucozian monarchy?”
Throughout the empire, only the West Lucozian monarchy held enough power to sway the outcome of the succession to the throne. With 300,000 Black Dragon troops under their command, their backing could tip the balance.
“I’ve gathered some intel. They’ve got problems of their own. Right now, they’re purging their ranks and have no time to worry about Oakvale.
“Plus, Rufus doesn’t have much time left.
If they don’t want more trouble on their hands, the smart move is to lay low and pretend nothing’s happening,” Anders said.
“That’s a relief,” Matthias replied with a relaxed smile.
As long as West Lucozia didn’t stir up any trouble, everything was under control.
“Your Highness! Something’s happened back at the mansion.”
While they were conversing, Neville, Matthias’s private guard, came charging in.
“Why the rush? Can’t you see I’m talking to Uncle Seamus?” Matthias snapped. He frowned and looked irritated at the interruption.
After all, a seasoned general like Neville shouldn’t be panicking over something minor.
“I just received news that Zeus, the royal god from the Hall of Gods, stormed into the mansion. He’s killing people indiscriminately and even took Her Highness hostage. The entire mansion is in chaos,” Neville reported urgently.
“What? Zeus?” Matthias sprang to his feet, his expression darkening.
“How could this happen?” he asked. “I’ve never had any conflict with the Hall of Gods. Why would the dignified Zeus break into my mansion and start slaughtering my men?”
As far as he knew, there was no bad blood between them. If anything, they’d always kept things cordial. This sudden aggression made no sense.
“I don’t know the full details, but our guards have suffered heavy casualties. We urgently need reinforcements. Please give the order at once,” Neville said respectfully.
“Damn that Hall of Gods! They killed my men for no reason. This is unforgivable,” Matthias growled, his eyes burning with fury.
“Neville, listen closely. Rally the troops and surround every one of those Hall of Gods’ bastards. They will pay.”
“Understood, Your Highness,” Neville responded promptly before leaving.
In Oakvale, only a few individuals had the power to mobilize a troop, and Matthias was one of them.
###Chapter 2556
Neville sprang into action after receiving the order. He quickly rallied his troops toward Matthias’ estate for rescue and backup.
Matthias wasn’t in the mood to continue chatting. His face was grim as he strode toward the exit.
“Your Highness, please stay,” Seamus called out suddenly.
“Uncle Seamus, something urgent has happened at home. Whatever it is, it’ll have to wait,” Matthias said impatiently.
Whoever dared to start a massacre in his estate wasn’t walking away alive.
“Calm down. I’m sure you don’t want to walk straight into a trap,” Seamus warned.
“A trap?” Matthias frowned. “What do you mean by that?”
“Think about it. You have no feud with the Hall of Gods, so why would they send their royal god to cause chaos in your estate? Don’t you find that strange?” Seamus said evenly.
“I’ll get my answers after I capture Zeus,” Matthias spat, gritting his teeth.
“Your Highness, I must warn you that apart from the elusive Supreme leader of the Hall of Gods, Zeus is the undisputed number one powerhouse in Strequa. And with all due respect… your troops aren’t enough to capture him,” Seamus reminded him.
“Zeus might be strong, but he’s only one man, and I command thousands. I can crush him with numbers,” Matthias said, refusing to back down.
His forces were packed with elite fighters, including grandmaster martial artists. If they attacked together, he didn’t think Zeus was unbeatable.
And with 30,000 elite soldiers as his backup, what did he have to fear?
“Regardless of whether your men can take him down, a victory would still come at a heavy price. Is that something you’re willing to face?”. Seamus asked.
“Then, what do you expect me to do?” Matthias scowled. “Just stand there and let Zeus wipe his boots on me? If I keep hiding like a coward, who the hell’s going to respect me?”
Seamus shook his head. “I don’t know what’s happening, but something feels off. It looks like someone is trying to stir up trouble. I suggest avoiding a direct clash with Zeus. Otherwise, you’ll just lose your elite troops for nothing.”
“I understand the implication. But now I’m in a dilemma and have no choice but to take action.” Matthias’s expression hardened.
If his estate were raided and he did nothing, it would be a huge blow to his pride as a prince.
Seamus suddenly said, “I’ve got a plan that could get you out of this mess, but it all comes down to how well you handle it.”
“Uncle Seamus, please tell me what I should do.” Matthias snapped to attention.
“Instead of going head-to-head with Zeus and losing your troops, let someone stronger handle him,” Seamus said, calmly sipping his tea.
“What do you mean?” Matthias asked, confused.
“A powerhouse like Zeus needs someone even stronger to take him down. I’ve heard the chief overseer of the Regal Observatory, Ezekiel Hawke, is a man of near-immortal ability. If you can convince him to step in, your crisis could be resolved,” Seamus explained, his voice laced with meaning.
Ezekiel might not have been listed in the Astonishing World List, but those who knew him claimed his strength rivaled the living god Arion. Plus, he was a cornerstone of Dragonmarsh’s enduring stability.
“Ezekiel Hawke of the Regal Observatory?” Matthias’ frown deepened. “I’ve heard Father mention him before. Mr. Hawke is indeed strong, but he’s been in seclusion for years and stays out of worldly affairs. If even Father couldn’t get him to act, what chance do I have?”
“There’s no such thing as impossible if you’re truly determined,” Seamus remarked.
He took out a round pendant and handed it to Matthias.
“Years ago, I saved Ezekiel’s son. They gave me this pendant as a token of gratitude. Take it to the Gilded Chamber. His son will know what to do. But I can’t guarantee if it will work.”
Matthias’ face lit up with delight. “Thank you, Uncle Seamus.”
The pendant was like holding a promise. It was far more valuable than gold or jewels.
While it didn’t guarantee Ezekiel would intervene, at least there was a chance.
If the pendant was used at the right time, it could be a life-saving card. But now, Matthias was already reluctant to use it.
He could save it as his ultimate trump card and turn the tide when it mattered most, like when ascending the throne by force. With Ezekiel at his side, no throne would be out of reach and no enemy could stand in his way.
“Your Highness, don’t get ahead of yourself,” Seamus said. He seemed to have read his thoughts and offered a timely reminder.
He added, “Ezekiel doesn’t involve himself in politics. There’s a chance he might save your life, but supporting your claim to the throne is out of the question.”
Ezekiel only acted when the fate of the entire nation was on the line. To him, political struggle and the fight for the throne were simply survival of the fittest and natural shifts in the balance of power.
“Fine. Let’s focus on getting through this crisis,” Matthias said.
Though disappointed, he put those ambitions aside for now. Gripping the pendant tightly, he turned and made his way toward the Gilded Chamber.
If Matthias could convince Ezekiel to help him, he planned to use that opportunity to crush the Hall of Gods’ influence and boost his reputation. With that kind of victory, more allies were sure to follow.
###Chapter 2557
The Gilded Chamber stood in the heart of the inner city. It sold valuable items such as panaceas, artifact weapons, and rare martial arts manuscripts.
Only dignitaries and martial arts experts ever stepped through its doors. Ordinary people couldn’t afford to glance at the price tags, let alone buy anything.
Inside, Cassius Hawke, an elderly man with gray hair, lounged comfortably in a reclining chair as he listened to music. He held a small metal flask in one hand and occasionally took a sip.
At that moment, a luxury car screeched to a stop at the entrance, leaving long black streaks across the stone pavement.
Before the vehicle had even stopped, Matthias opened the door and jumped out. The second he walked into the Gilded Chamber, he started issuing commands.
“Get your chief out here! I have something important to discuss,” he barked.
“Looks like no one told you how things work around here,” Cassius said coolly, not even looking at him.
He stayed reclined in the chair with his eyes half-closed.
“If you want to buy something, you need to make an appointment,” he added. “We don’t take walk-ins.”
“I’m Prince Matthias Linsor. I need to see your chief now. Delay me, and you’ll answer for it,” Matthias snapped, flashing his gold badge to verify his identity.
“Oh, it’s Prince Matthias. Please forgive my disrespect,” Cassius said.
He gave a mock bow but stayed comfortably lying down. It was obvious he didn’t plan to get up.
He continued, “Still, rules are rules. No appointment, no service.”
“What kind of attitude is that? You think I don’t dare to tear down your chamber?” Matthias growled.
Anxiety gnawed at him, but Cassius was unfazed, showing him no sign of respect. With his temper, Matthias would have made a move long ago if he hadn’t come for help.
“Tear the place down if you want. My answer won’t change,” Cassius replied without batting an eye.
“You…”
Matthias was so furious his scalp tingled, and he almost snapped. Then, he suddenly remembered the pendant Seamus had given him. He took it out and held it in front of Cassius.
“Look closely, old geezer,” he said. “This is a pendant from your chief, and it guarantees me a favor at no cost.”
“Hm?”
When Cassius saw the pendant, his expression finally changed. He quickly stood up and leaned in to examine it carefully. After confirming it was authentic, he frowned.
“Where did you get this?” he asked. ”
Wasn’t this supposed to be in Sir Mosey’s possession?”
At the mention of Seamus’ name, Matthias realized something. “So, you recognize it? Then, you must be the chief of the Gilded Chamber.”
Few knew about this pendant. If Cassius knew Seamus’ name immediately, his background clearly wasn’t simple.
“That’s right. I’m the chief of the Gilded Chamber,” Cassius said. Then, his expression turned serious. “Tell me, Your Highness-did Sir Mosey give the pendant to you?”
“He did.” Matthias nodded. “I’m in trouble, and my uncle told me to come here with the pendant. He said you were the only one who could help me.”
“Sir Mosey once saved my life, so I owe him. But Your Highness, you’re skilled in strategy and strong in your own right. You also have powerful allies at your back. If someone like you can’t sort out this trouble, I doubt someone like me can do much,” Cassius replied with a shake of his head.
Whatever was troubling Matthias had to be a major problem.
“Others can’t help me, but you can,”
Matthias said urgently. “I need Mr. Hawke to step in, and you’re the only one who can convince him.”
He didn’t hold anything back and briefly explained the situation.
Cassius frowned. “I didn’t expect the royal gods of the Hall of Gods to act with such blatant disregard for order. Do they really think Dragonmarsh has no one who can stand against them?”
“Sir, I was desperate earlier and might have been out of line. Please don’t take it personally,” Matthias said respectfully.” But now I must ask-would you be willing to go in person and ask Mr. Hawke to intervene? Only he has the power to protect Dragonmarsh from this evil threat.
11
Cassius sighed. “My father has been in seclusion for years. He no longer concerns himself with worldly affairs. Convincing him to get involved would be next to impossible.”
“Even so, please give it a try. Right now, he’s our only hope,” Matthias said earnestly.
“Fine. I’ll give it a try, but don’t expect too much.”
“Thank you.”
“Please wait here, Your Highness. I’ll be back shortly.”
With that, Cassius turned and disappeared into the back.
Matthias paced restlessly outside the door. He had no idea what was happening back at the estate. If Zeus had already killed everyone and left, convincing Ezekiel out of seclusion might be pointless.
After nearly half an hour, Cassius finally returned.
Matthias quickly stepped forward and asked, “Well? Did Mr. Hawke agree to help?
“My father said he doesn’t interfere in mortal disputes,” Cassius replied. “But in honor of the pendant, he’s willing to offer you a sachet. He says it will be enough to get you through this danger.”
He took out a white sachet and handed it over.
“A sachet?”
Matthias frowned and looked disappointed. What kind of trick could a sachet hold that would scare off the royal god, Zeus? Was this some kind of joke?
###Chapter 2558
Matthias still held onto a sliver of hope, but his mood soured instantly when he heard that Ezekiel had no intention to intervene.
What good was a sachet against Zeus?
They were facing one of the strongest beings in the world.
Zeus was also an ultimate grandmaster at the peak of his strength. He could crush a missile with his bare hands or cleave a destroyer in half with a single strike.
What chance did they have of reasoning with someone like that?
Cassius caught the doubt in Matthias’ eyes but didn’t comment. Instead, he smiled and said, “Whether it’s useful or not, you will know once you open it, Your Highness.
Matthias scowled. “Let’s see what makes this sachet so special.”
He quickly unwrapped it and found a red talisman inside. After pulling it out, his frown deepened.
It was a red talisman, but its runes were outlined in golden script. He could barely make out the word “Inferno” on the front.
“What is this?” Matthias asked, confused.
He’d never seen anything like it, but could sense the energy pulsing from within. There was no doubt that this talisman was anything but ordinary.
Cassius looked proud and even a little smug. “My father spent ten years creating this Divine talisman. It’s called the Celestial Inferno,” he said.
“Celestial Inferno?” Matthias frowned slightly. He prided himself on his knowledge, but that name didn’t ring a bell.
“Most people only know how powerful the talismans from Sacred Wrym Summit are. But the truth is, my father’s talisman mastery is just as good as the Ancient Sage’s,” Cassius said proudly.
He added, “I’m not overstating it. The Celestial Inferno’s power matches my father at full strength. It should be enough to deal with that so-called royal god, Zeus.
“This is incredible. As expected of a rare treasure.” Matthias couldn’t hide his excitement.
If the rumors were true, Ezekiel was already halfway to becoming a terrestrial immortal. He was just a level below Arion.
If the Celestial Inferno truly held the force behind Ezekiel’s full-strength attack, then it was nothing short of deadly. It could take down an ultimate grandmaster, and even a powerhouse like Zeus would be seriously injured.
Matthias had expected to leave empty-handed, so getting such a powerful talisman was an unexpected bonus.
“Your Highness, forgive me for adding a word of caution. This Celestial Inferno is no ordinary talisman, and it’s one of a kind. Use it wisely,” Cassius reminded him.
“Thank you for the reminder. I won’t use it unless there’s no other choice,” Matthias said with a nod.
Celestial Inferno packed immense power and was one of a kind. Once used, it was gone for good. Treasures like this were meant to be a last resort.
Matthias wasn’t reckless enough to waste something like this. And as for Zeus… he had other plans in mind.
“Your Highness, I know you’re busy, so I won’t keep you any longer. Please give my regards to Sir Mosey and let him know that the favor has been returned,” Cassius said evenly.
“Of course,” Matthias replied with a faint smile before turning to leave.
That night, fully armed elite soldiers had surrounded the grounds outside Matthias’ estate in tense formation.
Neville stood at the gate, and his face was twisted in rage. Lying before him were more than a dozen mangled corpses.
This was Zeus’ doing.
Every half hour, he would execute someone from within the estate and hurl the body out as a provocation. Among the victims were Matthias’ close friends and family members.
No matter how furious he was, Neville couldn’t launch an attack without the order. All he could do was stand there and watch.
Just then, another body was thrown out from inside. It landed hard on the ground after sailing several hundred feet. The bones cracked on impact, and blood splattered across Neville’s uniform.
Judging by the lavish clothing, the victim had been someone close to Matthias. But their face was smashed beyond recognition.
“General Elrod, the Hall of Gods has gone too far. They’re spitting in our faces,” one soldier said.
“He’s right. A warrior can be killed, but not humiliated. Just give the word, and we’ll storm in and kill those bastards,” another chimed in.
“Give us the order, General Elrod! Let’s kill every last one of those Hall of Gods monsters!”
The sight of another corpse being tossed out pushed the soldiers outside the gate to their breaking point.
One by one, they stepped forward with fury in their eyes. They begged for the order to attack and were desperate to tear people from the Hall of Gods apart.
“Silence!” Neville roared. “No one moves without His Highness’ command. Anyone who disobeys dies where they stand.”
The men were instantly silenced.
Neville’s eyes were already bloodshot, glistening with unshed tears. His wife was among the victims. When he saw her lifeless form thrown out like garbage, every part of him screamed to charge. inside and butcher Zeus.
But as a soldier, he had to follow orders. No matter how deep the grief or how sharp the rage, he had to hold back.
He had to wait for Matthias to return and give the order to attack. Only then would he make Zeus pay with blood, even if it cost him his life.
###Chapter 2559
Neville’s roar silenced the soldiers. They all stared at their general, whose eyes were bloodshot and his entire body trembling with fury. For a moment, no one dared to speak.
They understood his pain and shared his rage. That was why they’d lost control earlier.
But they had to control themselves. After all, it was a basic military discipline. No matter how deep their hatred, they had to hold it in until they received the order to attack.
Still, their silence didn’t mean their anger had cooled. If anything, it burned hotter with every second, growing heavier and more dangerous as it waited for release.
Just then, the tense silence was broken by three black sedans speeding toward the compound and stopping at the main gate.
When the soldiers saw the license plate on the lead car, they immediately cleared a path.
Matthias had finally arrived.
When the car door opened, the prince stepped out, followed closely by five elderly men in suits.
They varied in shape and stature-tall, short, thin, stocky-but all wore matching attire and radiated overwhelming energy. None of them made the slightest effort to hide it.
Even standing still, they exuded intense pressure, like mountains looming over everyone around them.
These were the five masters that the force backing Matthias meticulously cultivated. Four of them had reached the level of developed grandmaster, while the leader, a tall, lean man, was an ultimate grandmaster.
One ultimate grandmaster, and four developed grandmasters. No matter where they stood, this was a force capable of dominating an entire region.
Besides Sword Union, Celestial Alliance, and Mystic Arts Order, no other guild in the country could simultaneously call on so many top-tier experts. Even then, Sacred Wrym Summit was an exception.
In terms of military strength, Matthias was without question the most formidable of the royal heirs. His confidence in vying for the throne came entirely from the forces behind him.
As soon as Matthias stepped out of the car, Neville rushed over to ask for orders. His fury had already reached the boiling point.
“Your Highness, Zeus is still inside. Every half hour, he kills another hostage. Should we launch our attack now?” he asked.
“A frontal assault would be reckless. Lock down every entrance and wait for my orders,” Matthias said grimly.
He’d already seen the mangled corpses at the gate. With his usual temper, he would’ve stormed in by now.
But Seamus’ warning echoed in his mind. He reminded Matthias to avoid a direct clash with Zeus at all costs. Otherwise, he would lose his elite troops for nothing.
“Mr. Galen Frost,” Matthis said, turning to the tall, lean elder. “To prevent anything from slipping through, I need the five of you to set up a formation and seal off the entire estate.”
“Yes, Your Highness.” Galen nodded, then quickly instructed the other four experts. ” Finnian and Sylas, north and south. Valerius and Corwin, east and west. I’ll take the center. Let’s show the bastards inside what our formation is capable of.”
“Got it.”
The four elders answered in unison. They shot off in four directions like a blur, and stopped midair above each quadrant of the estate.
Galen didn’t stay idle, either. He launched himself straight above the estate.
“Begin formation!”
With a low shout, the five men formed hand seals in unison, and their bodies emitted bursts of blood-red light.
“Rise!”
Once the formation was set, they pointed toward the sky.
Five beams of blood-red energy shot up and converged about 300 feet above to form a glowing sphere. It grew rapidly and expanded nearly 15 feet across in just a few seconds, but it didn’t stop there.
Once the energy was full, the five men, led by Galen, bit their fingers. They formed hand seals again, then simultaneously pointed at the sphere above.
“Five Sanguine Elemental Seals-Activate! “they said in unison.
The next second, the blood-red sphere erupted in a blinding surge of crimson light. A translucent red barrier burst outward from its core and expanded rapidly in all directions.
Within five seconds, the entire estate was sealed inside this blood-red barrier. At first glance, it looked like a giant blood-red eggshell.
Once the formation was completed, the shield gradually faded until it vanished completely, as if it had never existed.
Of course, that was only the surface. The shield would reappear instantly when any of the five willed it. This was their signature move-the Five Sanguine Elemental Seals.
The formation was both offensive and defensive, and it even boosted the power of its users. Most importantly, the five masters could share their cultivation strength through the formation. No attack weaker than ten times their combined strength could break through.
“Your Highness, the formation is complete. You may proceed without worry. As long as the five of us stand, no one can harm you.” Galen’s voice rang from above, calm and confident.
“Thank you,” Matthias said, bowing to each of the five men before stepping into the estate with Neville.
###Chapter 2560
Matthias dared not enter the estate to confront Zeus until the Five Sanguine Elemental Seals were activated.
As a grandmaster martial artist, he was no match for a royal god like Zeus, an ultimate grandmaster. If a fight broke out, Matthias knew he wouldn’t last more than three exchanges.
Even with the Celestial Inferno that Ezekiel had given him, he wasn’t sure he’d survive long enough to use it.
That was why he had called on his five masters to set up the Five Sanguine Elemental Seals.
Galen, Finnian, Sylas, Valerius, and Corwin were nearly unbeatable inside that formation. If Zeus made a move, they’d stop him instantly.
Matthias’ expression was grim as he followed the blood-stained cobblestone path through the courtyard. He didn’t stop until he reached the main hall.
Inside, two blond, blue-eyed foreigners-one man and one woman-sat at the main seats in the hall.
The man on the left radiated raw power and arrogance. His smile had a cruel curve, and Matthias instantly recognized him as Zeus.
The woman to his right was stunning with a curvy figure. She was half-reclined in her seat like she was barely awake.
She was harder to read, but anyone sitting beside Zeus had to be a big shot. She had to be someone of equal standing-most likely Hera, the only female among the Hall of Gods’ four royal gods.
Matthias frowned at the sight. He’d thought only Zeus would show up and didn’t expect Hera to be there.
Challenging two royal gods head-on wasn’t just reckless, it was suicide. Even though Matthias had five elite martial artists backing him, he didn’t dare to act rashly.
Besides the two royal gods, a few elite fighters from the Hall of Gods stood nearby. And kneeling on the floor were dozens of Matthias’ household members-relatives, wives, children-all taken hostage.
“Help us, Your Highness.”
“Your Highness, these bastards are slaughtering innocent people. You have to stop them.”
The moment Matthias entered, the hall erupted with wails and desperate pleas.
These were nobles, pampered from birth and sheltered by status and power. Nothing in their lives had ever come close to this kind of disgrace.
Now, they were being trampled like dogs, and their lives were at someone else’s mercy. The shame and rage were unbearable.
Matthias ignored their pleas, and his eyes locked on Zeus.
“I’ve never crossed the Hall of Gods,” he said coldly. “So, why did you break into my estate and slaughtering my people?”
“You must be Matthias Linsor,” Zeus said. He sat there like he owned the place as he sized up Matthias.
“I am.” Matthias’ eyes narrowed. “Now answer me.”
“They were just ants, so I crushed them. What are you going to do about it?” Zeus sneered.
Arrogant to the core, he had never cared about the so-called dignitaries of Dragonmarsh. To him, killing a few of them was no different than squashing bugs.
“Don’t push your luck, Zeus!” Matthias growled. “You’re surrounded. If you don’t want this to end in a bloodbath, back off now.”
“Oh? You sound like you still think you have power here,” Zeus said as he leaned forward with a sneer.
He continued, “Even if I kill every last one of your people, what can you do? You think that bullshit formation outside can trap me? How naive.”
He had already sensed the Five Sanguine Elemental Seals outside but didn’t bother to care.
“The formation may not trap you,” Matthis replied, “but what about this?”
With that, he pulled out a fiery red talisman -the Celestial Inferno.
“Hm?”
Zeus frowned in surprise when he saw it.
He wasn’t sure what kind of talisman Matthias had, but a wave of danger hit him. He knew that even if it didn’t kill him, it would tear him apart.
At that instant, he finally recognized Matthias as a threat. He finally realized Matthias wasn’t to be underestimated, and the other party had a talisman that could threaten him.
“So? Do you still want to fight to the bitter end?” Matthias asked. He finally calmed down after sensing Zeus’ wariness.
“I may have underestimated you,” Zeus remarked.
He slowly sat upright and said calmly, “I respect those who are strong. I’ll give you a fair deal. Just tell me where Logan is, and we’ll leave immediately.”
“Logan Rhys?” Matthias frowned. “How would I know where he is?”
“We’re past the point of playing dumb. Or are you refusing to talk?” Zeus’s gaze sharpened.
“I’ve met him before, but I have no idea where he is now. And tell me, what made you so certain I’d know where to find him?
“Matthias shot back.
“Hmph. Take a look for yourself.”
Zeus raised his hand, and a beam of white light shot forward.
Neville’s pupils contracted. He stepped in front and caught the incoming beam of white light. The impact sent him staggering back three steps, and his arms went numb from the force. Looking down, he saw a guard’s badge carved with an intricate M.
“One of your men told me Logan is hiding here. Are you trying to deny it?” Zeus asked sharply.
“He’s hiding here?” Matthias froze. As soon as realization hit, he snapped, “Fools! You’ve been deceived. It’s obvious someone is trying to frame me.”
###Chapter 2561
At first, it had only been a suspicion. But now Matthias was certain that someone had deliberately set him up and shifted the blame to drag him into this mess.
“Hmph. You people from Dragonmarsh talk out of both sides of your mouth,” Zeus said coldly. “Every word out of your mouth is a lie. I’m done believing a damn thing you say.”
The supposed connection between Logan and Matthias had come from the Hall of Gods’ internal investigation. Compared to anything a Dragonmarsh official might say, Zeus naturally trusted his own people more. And with the badge as evidence, it was hard to argue.
“Whatever grudge you’ve got against Logan, it has nothing to do with me,” Matthias said in a low voice. “I’m telling you, this is all part of someone else’s plan. They want us at each other’s throats so they can sit back and enjoy the fallout.”
Now that he knew it was a setup, he was much calmer. He needed to get through to Zeus before this exploded into war. Of course, he didn’t want to take the fall for someone else’s scheme.
“Why should I believe you?” Zeus shot back. “For all I know, you’re hiding him right now.”
He’d searched all over for Logan, and now that he finally had a solid lead, he wasn’t about to walk away empty-handed.
“Do I need to spell it out for you? If I were hiding Logan, do you think I’d be standing here explaining myself? I’d have handed him over already,” Matthias growled, struggling to control his anger.
Zeus grunted. “You snakes from Dragonmarsh are all the same-scheming, lying bastards. Who knows what game you’re playing?”
Matthias took a slow breath to calm his nerves. “Then, tell me. What will it take for you to believe me?”
Zeus replied. “I won’t trust a word you say until you bring Logan to me.”
“I have no idea where he is,” Matthias snapped. “How the hell am I supposed to find him overnight?”
“That’s your problem, not mine,” Zeus said coldly. “You have until dawn. If you can’t give me Logan’s whereabouts by then, I’ll level your entire estate.”
“You’re pushing your luck, asshole!” Matthias growled.
“If you want to fight, go ahead. Let’s see who walks away alive.” Zeus sneered.
He might’ve had some reservations about the Celestial Inferno, but that didn’t mean he was backing down, especially with Hera at his side.
Matthias’ knuckles cracked as he clenched his fists. He felt like a volcano ready to erupt. He glared at Zeus, then drew a deep breath to suppress his anger.
“Neville, get out there and find him now!” Matthias barked.
“Your Highness?” Neville frowned in confusion.
He’d drawn his blade, ready to charge at Zeus on Matthias’ command. But he didn’t expect Matthias to suppress his anger.
After all the lives Zeus had taken, was Matthias thinking about making peace?
Matthias turned to Neville and shouted, “I said find him!”
As the second prince of Dragonmarsh, Matthias wasn’t used to feeling so humiliated. But for the greater good, he swallowed his pride.
“…Yes, Your Highness.” Neville gritted his teeth and turned to leave.
Seeing Matthias back down, Zeus let out a faint chuckle.
That was what he expected from the Dragonmarsh’s cowards-let someone walk all over them and still lick his boots.
To him, men from Dragonmarsh had no pride. They let others walk all over them and just quietly endured it.
“If any more of my men are harmed, there’ll be no more talks today. We go straight to war,” Matthias said before turning to leave.
If Zeus had been alone, Matthias would’ve never backed down. He would’ve used the Celestial Inferno without a second thought. But Hera was right there with him.
If the talisman failed to kill Zeus in one strike, Matthias would have to face two royal gods simultaneously. Even with the Five Sanguine Elemental Seals protecting him, he was not guaranteed to make it out alive.
If he did manage to kill Zeus, endless problems would follow. He knew well how powerful the Hall of Gods was.
Zeus’ death would mean nonstop assassination attempts, and every day would be a fight for survival.
That wasn’t a risk Matthias was willing to take. But if they pushed him to the edge, he wouldn’t go down alone and would take them with him.
Time dragged on in that heavy, tense silence.
Matthias stood motionless at the gate with a grim expression. Behind him, thousands of soldiers stood like a wall of iron and radiated cold, silent fury.
After what felt like forever, dawn broke, and Neville finally returned from his scout.
“Well? Any updates?”
Matthias stepped forward as soon as Neville exited the vehicle.
“Your Highness, I just found out that Logan was last seen with Princess Grace. They left the city last night and headed toward Embercrest Hill,” Neville reported
“Grace? Embercrest Hill? What the hell are they doing out there?” Matthias frowned.
“There’s more,” Neville added. ”
Yesterday, Zeus paid a visit to Prince Nathaniel’s mansion to ask about Logan. I don’t know what happened between them. But afterward, Zeus came straight to you.”
Matthias’ expression darkened instantly. ” So, that bastard Nathaniel set me up and dumped the Hall of Gods’ big problem right on my doorstep,” he growled.
“Very likely,” Neville said with a nod.
“That son of a bitch…” Matthias gritted his teeth. “When I ascend the throne, he’s the first one I’ll take down.” His voice shook with rage and bitterness.
###Chapter 2562
“Your Highness, what should we do now?” Neville asked, looking solemn. “Should we tell the Hall of Gods where Logan is?”
The Hall of Gods was a force to be reckoned with, but so was Logan, especially with West Lucozia behind him. If tipping Zeus off led to Logan getting hurt, the monarchy wouldn’t just let it slide.
Matthias scowled. “That bastard Nathaniel really screwed me over.”
He finally realized Nathaniel hadn’t just passed the problem over, but he had also set a trap.
Unable to handle the mess himself, Nathaniel had used the Hall of Gods to do his dirty work and chip away at Matthias’ power. He was killing two birds with one stone.
Matthias fumed, but he had no good way out. Either he crossed the Hall of Gods or made an enemy of Logan.
Then it hit him. This whole mess had nothing to do with him in the first place. It was Logan’s feud with the Hall of Gods, not his. If they ended up destroying each other, so be it. Matthias was just trying to stay alive, and that was something he could live with.
With that thought, he stopped hesitating and made his decision.
“Head inside and tell Zeus exactly where Logan is,” Matthias said sharply. “And tell him to get the hell out.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” Neville responded.
He wasted no time and rushed inside. Even though he hated it, he swallowed his pride for the greater good and also for Matthias.
“Let’s hope nothing else goes wrong,” Matthias muttered.
He frowned, still stewing over the situation. Sending Neville to speak with Zeus wasn’t just about delivering a message, but it was his way of covering his own back.
If Zeus did kill Logan, and the West Lucozian monarchy came seeking revenge, Matthias already knew who he’d throw under the bus. Neville might not be a convincing scapegoat, but at least it would look like Matthias had done the right thing.
A few minutes later, Neville returned with a hardened expression.
“Well? Did Zeus buy it?” Matthias asked.
“He only believes half of it,” Neville answered truthfully. “He’s heading to Embercrest Hill himself. If he finds out we lied, he said he’d bring the full force of the Hall of Gods to raze the estate. He’d make sure you pay dearly for it.”
“Are you certain your intel is accurate?”
“Absolutely. I have no doubt about it.”
“Good. Let them fight it out. However it ends, it’s not our problem.” Matthias exhaled in relief.
This was the best outcome he could have hoped for. Whatever happened next, he’d deal with it then.
“Mr. Galen, open a path in the formation.
Let the Hall of Gods’ people leave,”
Matthias shouted toward the sky.
“Yes, Your Highness.”
Galen didn’t say much. He formed a hand seal, and a hole opened at the top of the Five Sanguine Elemental Seals.
As soon as it appeared, two figures shot into the sky and vanished beyond the horizon.
Inside a natural cave at Embercrest Hill, Dustin hovered in the air with his eyes closed.
Five orbs, glowing with a strange light, spun around him. Within each orb, a dragon-shaped energy stream swirled continuously. Each movement released a small amount of pure spiritual energy, which was absorbed into his body.
Dustin focused on his technique and slowly absorbed the Dracan essence just like Grace had taught him. But the process was painstakingly slow. Even with his talent, he couldn’t absorb all five streams of essence in such a short time.
Grace didn’t disturb him. She sat nearby and focused on protecting him.
This natural cave has a unique feature. It could block the flow of energy so that no one from outside could sense it.
Simply put, whatever happened inside the cave couldn’t be discovered by outsiders. This was one of the main reasons she had chosen this place for Dustin to absorb the Dracan essence.
She had also set up defensive formations around Embercrest Hill in advance. She was confident that even an ultimate grandmaster would have trouble breaking through them in a short time.
Before Dustin began absorbing the Dracan essence, she used a secret divination method from the Regal Observatory.
Success and failure were two sides of the same coin. If successful, Dustin would rise to great power and become unstoppable. If not, he would die. But at this point, neither of them has a choice.
The crisis was already here, and pressure was mounting. In such critical moments, only bold actions mattered while hesitation would cost them everything.
Suddenly, Grace’s badge blinked twice. It was an alert from her people outside. Whenever the badge flashed, it meant someone was attempting to break in.
She glanced at Dustin, who was focused on his cultivation in midair. Not wanting to interrupt him, she walked to a mirror-like slab of smooth stone.
Without hesitation, she slammed into it headfirst. Strangely, the moment her body touched the stone, it transformed into mist and enveloped her completely.
In the next instant, Grace was no longer inside the cave. She had been transported to the summit of Embercrest Hill.
###Chapter 2563
At the peak of Embercrest Hill, inside a quiet old temple, Grace stepped out of the hidden chamber just as a female guard rushed in.
“Your Highness, we’ve got a situation. A powerful intruder is breaking through the outer gates,” she reported
“Who is it?” Grace asked calmly, as if she’d expected this would happen.
“Judging from their appearance, they look like elite fighters from the Hall of Gods, or royal gods,” the female guard replied gravely.
The defensive and offensive formations around Embercrest Hill didn’t stand a chance. Both shattered on impact, as if they’d never been there. Only someone at the royal god-level could force their way in like that.
“They got here faster than I expected,” Grace muttered, eyebrows knitting with concern.
She hadn’t left the temple, but she already knew who it was. At a time like this, the only ones who’d come to Embercrest Hill were Zeus and Hera.
Grace had been keeping tabs on the situation in Oakvale.
At first, she’d figured Nathaniel’s plan to divert the threat would spark a clash between Zeus and Matthias’ forces. That way, Matthias would be too tied up to go after Dustin. But things hadn’t played out the way she’d hoped.
She suspected Matthias had slipped out clean and sidestepped a major disaster. What was supposed to be his problem had landed squarely in her lap.
“Your Highness, the Hall of Gods is still pushing through the defenses. Should we step in to stop them?” the female guard asked.
Grace didn’t answer right away. Instead, she asked, “How many formations are left on the periphery?”
“Most of it has been destroyed. I estimate the Hall of Gods’ fighters will reach the mountain peak within an hour.”
“Don’t bother fighting them off. Just keep feeding energy into the barrier to buy us as much time as you can.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” the female guard replied before leaving.
Grace walked out alone into the open clearing and took out a small steeple from her pocket. At first glance, it looked ordinary-only a few inches tall-but its seven-tiered frame gleamed with a faint golden light.
She murmured an incantation and tossed it into the air.
A low rumble followed. Caught by the wind, the steeple swelled in size. Within seconds, it was taller than a house.
Grace kept chanting. The golden steeple continued to rise as it expanded tier by tier. In less than a minute, it loomed like a mountain.
She formed a hand seal and commanded, ” Drop!”
The massive steeple came crashing down and slammed onto the peak of Embercrest Hill. A second later, it vanished like it had never been there.
Grace let out a slow breath. “Let’s hope the Seven Shards Steeple holds up.”
It was a divine artifact tied to her life force, built for defense and said to be nearly indestructible. But even the strongest artifact had its limits.
If it were just one royal god attacking, the steeple might hold. But if two came at once, she wasn’t sure it would last.
All she could do now was hope Dustin would finish absorbing the Dracan essences and break through in time.
If the formation around Embercrest Hill collapsed and the steeple failed to hold, it wouldn’t just be her problem but a disaster for everyone.
Grace sat in the courtyard and poured herself some tea. There was nothing left to do now but wait.
Every so often, a muffled boom rolled up from the base of the hill-a reminder that the enemy was hammering at the formations and breaking through.
She’d prepared for this. She’d laid down dozens of formations, pouring in money, resources, and time. She’d called in every favor she could, rallied every ally willing to fight tooth and nail when the time came.
She had done everything she could. What happened next was out of her hands.
Now, it all came down to Dustin. Whether they made it through or fell apart depended entirely on him.
At the base of Embercrest Hill, Zeus had just smashed through one formation when another sprang up to trap him. This one wasn’t built for defense or attack, but rather it was an illusionary formation.
Thick fog rolled in from every direction. It was so dense it swallowed the sky, leaving him blind and disoriented. He couldn’t see a thing, and that only made him angrier.
Zeus wasn’t the type to solve problems with finesse. He preferred brute force-hit hard, kill fast, move on. It was simple, direct, and effective. He had no patience for delays or drawn-out fights.
Since the moment he stepped onto Embercrest Hill, formation after formation had been popping up to stop him. He’d already destroyed plenty, but more just kept coming.
“You Dragonmarsh pests are starting to piss me off. If I catch even one of you, I’ll tear you limb from limb.”
His roar echoed across the entire hill like rolling thunder.
Behind him, Hera followed at her own pace, calm and unbothered. She hadn’t lifted a finger. These little tricks weren’t even worth her attention.
Her focus was on one person-Logan Rhys, the man who took down Poseidon. She’d make her move when she saw him face to face.
###Chapter 2564
Grace’s illusory formation was impressive.
Even divine martial artists, far beyond the grandmaster, could easily lose their way inside and struggle to find an exit.
But it was useless against a royal god like Zeus. His spiritual power and senses were far beyond what the illusion could contain. Even if he couldn’t see through it, he didn’t need to. He could simply break it with brute force.
Every formation had a core and a weak point. If struck with enough force, the entire structure would collapse on its own.
That was exactly what he did. He didn’t bother searching for a way out. He just unleashed raw, crushing energy that tore through everything within hundreds of yards.
One energy strike was usually enough to break the formation apart. If not, he’d just hit it again. Nothing had ever withstood more than three strikes from Zeus.
“Break it down!”
With a sweep of his hands, he unleashed raw energy in every direction like a storm that spared nothing in its path.
Formations collapsed one after another. As Zeus advanced, he tore through the defenses, carving a path through the hillside-trees splintered, rocks pulverized, and chaos trailed behind him.
Behind him, Hera followed at a leisurely pace. She looked completely unbothered and showed no intention of helping.
They steadily climbed Embercrest Hill, cutting through thick forest and smashing boulders along the way, until they finally reached the summit.
At the top stood an imposing ancient temple. In front of its massive doors, dozens of armed monks stood guard. These were elite fighters from the Luminary Hall, including two grandmasters.
As Zeus and Hera approached, every monk tensed, bracing for whatever was coming.
A middle-aged monk stepped forward, gripping a heavy iron staff. His voice was sharp. “Stop right there, travelers. This is sacred ground. No fighting is allowed. You are not welcome here. Leave the mountain now.”
“Hand over Logan, and we might spare your lives,” Zeus said coldly.
He didn’t care much for these monks, but he sensed a strong energy nearby. It reminded him of the Five Sanguine Elemental Seals, only more powerful.
“It’s not too late to turn back. The path you’re on leads only to suffering. Stop this violence before it’s too late,” the middle-aged monk urged.
“Cut the crap! Hand him over, or die,” Zeus growled.
His patience had run out. Once he snapped and took action, it would be a bloodbath.
The middle-aged monk frowned and said, ” If you insist, I have no choice but to stop you.”
“A bunch of bald monks think they can stop us?” Zeus scoffed. “You’ve got a death wish?”
As soon as the word fell, he lifted a finger, and a blue lightning snake shot at the middle-aged monk’s chest. With Zeus’s strength, any grandmaster martial artist would be dead on contact.
Just before the snake hit its target, a flash of golden light appeared. It swallowed the lightning snake whole and disappeared without a trace.
“Hmm?” Zeus raised an eyebrow in surprise.
The golden light that flashed just now resembled a steeple. It appeared and disappeared instantly. His lightning attack had left no trace, and that felt very odd.
“Now this is getting interesting,” Hera murmured with a smirk.
She was finally showing some interest. She had ignored all the formations until now, but the brief glimpse of the golden steeple caught her attention.
It was large, beautiful, and radiated golden light while having the ability to absorb energy. If she could get her hands on it, it would make an excellent defensive weapon.
“So you’ve got some kind of protective artifact. No wonder you dared to stand your ground at the gate.” Zeus narrowed his eyes. “Let’s see how well it holds up to my attack.”
He slowly raised his hand, and his fingers curled like claws as energy began to build. A ball of blue lightning sparked to life in his palm, no bigger than an egg.
As he charged it, the sphere grew to the size of a basketball. Inside, lightning snakes wriggled fiercely, pulsing with terrifying energy and radiating intense pressure.
“Break it for me!”
Zeus grabbed the lightning sphere and hurled it toward the main gate. It shot out like a cannonball and crackled with destructive force.
The massive golden steeple reappeared, towering like a mountain as it shielded the entire temple.
When the sphere slammed into it a moment later, it erupted with a thunderous bang. The steeple trembled under the impact but quickly regained its stability.
Most of the lightning sphere’s energy was absorbed by the steeple on impact.
However, the leftover energy exploded into a violent shockwave that blasted outward from the temple in the opposite direction.
“Huh.”
Zeus frowned. This second failure made him realize that this golden steeple wasn’t any ordinary artifact.
###Chapter 2565
What caught Zeus off guard wasn’t just how sturdy the golden steeple was, but it swallowed his attacks whole. The lightning sphere he’d thrown had almost all its energy sucked up by the steeple, leaving nothing behind-not even a scorch mark.
This method of neutralizing power was far more sophisticated than simply blocking it head-on. It was clear now that the golden steeple was a rare divine artifact, and breaking through it would be no easy task.
Still, the more resistance he encountered, the more certain Zeus became that Logan was hiding somewhere inside the temple. He believed that Hall of Gods’ potential threat, Logan, could be wiped out for good once the golden steeple was broken.
The middle-aged monk stepped forward and said firmly, “The Adamantine Body Art protects the Seven Shards Steeple. No matter how you attack, you won’t be able to break through it. Please stop wasting your energy and leave the mountain now.”
Zeus sneered. “You really think there’s a fortress out there I can’t tear down?”
He didn’t back down. Instead, the challenge only fired him up. He raised both hands and rapidly gathered energy. Two lightning spheres formed in his palms, growing larger by the second.
“Break it down!”
When the lightning spheres grew to the size of a basketball, Zeus hurled them at the golden steeple with full force.
The impact produced two loud explosions that shook the steeple slightly.
The lightning spheres released bursts of energy before the steeple absorbed them, and they vanished without a trace.
But Zeus kept going. He summoned one lightning sphere after another and hurled them with relentless fury.
Explosion after explosion boomed at the peak of the Embercrest Hill. However, no matter how hard he attacked, the steeple remained steady without any sign of breaking.
The monks inside the temple sighed with relief when they saw the steeple still intact. The Seven Shards Steeple’s defense was stronger than they expected. It could withstand repeated attacks from a royal god, which was extraordinary.
However, Grace, who was in the temple’s courtyard, showed no sign of easing up.
The steeple was a divine artifact tied to her life force. Though it looked fine now, she knew it had its limits.
Every strike from Zeus added stress to the steeple. If the pressure reached a critical point, it would shatter completely. In other words, if he kept hammering without a pause, he would eventually break through.
At this rate, it could only hold for about a day and a night. And that was assuming Hera didn’t join in. If she did, the steeple would break much faster.
But now, Grace had placed all her hopes on Dustin.
If he could finish absorbing the Dracan essence before the steeple collapsed, they still had a shot at turning the tide. Otherwise, she likely wouldn’t survive either.
She was gambling with her life while staking everything on Dustin to break through.
Time passed slowly, but Zeus continued his relentless assault outside the temple.
He launched the blue lightning spheres like cannonballs and slammed them into the golden steeple repeatedly. He knew the steeple was strong, but nothing was invincible since everything had its limits.
His goal was to keep pounding the steeple until it broke. Although the plan sounded simple, it proved to be much harder in practice. The steeple had its limits, and so did his strength.
After three hours of nonstop bombardment, the steeple still stood tall.
Zeus was exhausted, gasping for breath and drenched in sweat. Since becoming a royal god, he had never exerted himself like this. No opponent had ever made him struggle like this.
He never imagined that a damn steeple could tank three hours of his nonstop attacks. It was like bashing a turtle’s shell with his bare hands. Frustrated, he grew even more determined to break it.
After taking a short break, Zeus turned to Hera and said coldly, “How long are you planning to sit back and watch?”
“Are you talking to me?” Hera asked, yawning. “You seemed so into it, so I didn’t want to interrupt you. Aren’t you always the one complaining when I step in and steal your kill?”
“That was then. Things are different now,” he said, clearly annoyed. “Can’t you see I’m out here doing all the work? If you don’t step in and break this steeple, it’s only going to get worse.”
As the leader of the Four Royal Gods, Zeus couldn’t afford to fail. If word got out that he couldn’t even crack open a steeple, he’d be a laughingstock.
“Fine. Since you’re asking, I’ll help,” Hera said.
She stretched her arms, and the casual look on her face slowly faded.
###Chapter 2566
If Zeus hadn’t spoken up, Hera wouldn’t have lifted a finger. She would’ve just kept watching from the sidelines.
But since he asked for help, she couldn’t ignore him. After all, he was their leader. Like it or not, she had to respect his order.
“Let’s see how tough this thing really is,” Hera said.
She raised one hand and spread her fingers. Behind her, a dozen black, icy spears appeared out of thin air.
Each one was six feet long, thick as a wrist, and radiated a deadly cold. The air turned sharp and biting. Within thirty feet, the grass, stone, and trees all glazed over with frost.
“Go.”
Hera clenched her fist. The spears shot forward like missiles toward the golden steeple.
The air split with a sharp whistle as the icy spears struck their mark. But instead of exploding on impact, they slid in like blades through water, leaving only faint ripples behind.
Zeus snapped, “Hera, that pathetic excuse for an attack isn’t going to cut it. Show me what you’re really capable of.”
He was already fighting with everything he had. But her attack came off sluggish, half-hearted, like she hadn’t even bothered to wake up.
The sight grated on him. While he threw himself into the battle, she stood off to the side and barely lifted a finger.
“Okay. Calm down. I’m going all out now,” Hera replied as her face hardened with resolve.
Her first strike had just been a test, though still powerful enough to injure a grandmaster martial artist. But against the golden steeple, it barely left a mark-just faint ripples. That caught her off guard.
She knew the steeple was a powerful divine artifact, but its defenses were stronger than expected. If they didn’t unleash everything they had, breaking through it tonight was impossible.
Hera took a deep breath and raised her hand again. Hundreds of black icy spears appeared behind her, which quickly swelled to thousands. They filled the air like a dark, frozen storm.
The monks in the temple felt a chilling prickling on their scalps, as if tiny needles of ice were piercing their skin.
At first, just a few spears seemed insignificant. But now, with thousands converging, the force was overwhelming.
“Fire!” Hera shouted.
She clenched her fist, and thousands of ice spears shot toward the golden steeple like a storm. The moment they struck, sharp cracks rang out as waves of ripples burst across its surface.
One or two didn’t matter, but when thousands landed at once, the entire structure shook under the impact. Ripples surged out in layers, growing heavier with each wave, until they crashed like a tide against the glowing barrier.
“Good. Keep going.”
Zeus finally smiled. He knew this was Hera’s true strength.
The golden steeple wouldn’t break in one strike, but under this kind of pressure, even it had a limit.
She kept channeling energy and launched volley after volley of spears. The relentless assault made the steeple groan, as each wave built on the last as the strain mounted.
“Hera, let me fight with you!”
As the golden light around the steeple began to dim, Zeus sensed an opportunity. Power surged through him as he leaped forward, hurling lightning spheres in rapid succession. Each blast struck with deafening force.
The fading glow of the steeple wasn’t just a sign of weakness but a confirmation. He could see that the structure had a limit.
The light had dulled, and its rhythm faltered. It couldn’t last forever. Once that threshold was breached, the entire thing would collapse.
Together, the two royal gods pressed the attack.
Zeus’s lightning spheres exploded on impact, as each strike sent tremors through the steeple’s foundation. Hera’s icy spears rained down in waves, sharp and relentless, like a blizzard that refused to let up.
Their powers meshed perfectly-force and precision, thunder and frost-blending into a rhythm that battered the ancient structure without pause.
Inside the temple, the monks felt every impact. Their scalps prickled as if stabbed by a thousand icy needles. They stood frozen, too terrified to move.
They knew that the steeple was their only shield. If it failed, they’d be wiped out in an instant. Facing the royal gods directly wasn’t just suicide but an annihilation.
Time dragged on. The golden light dimmed further with every blast. Then, just as the first traces of dawn lit the horizon, the glow vanished entirely, and a thin, splintering crack split open at the top of the steeple.
###Chapter 2567
After a full night of relentless attacks, Zeus and Hera were drenched in sweat and gasping for breath. But the moment they saw a crack forming at the top of the golden steeple, their spirits surged. 1
Zeus let out a sharp laugh. “It’s finally cracking! I was starting to think this thing really was indestructible.”
Since becoming a royal god of the Hall of Gods, he had never pushed himself this hard. He had spent the entire night blasting the steeple without pause. It had drained him, but at least, the effort was paying off.
“This thing’s tough. It held up longer than I expected,” Hera said as she stopped to catch her breath.
Though she hadn’t used as much energy as Zeus, she was equally worn out. Still, she could tell the end was finally in sight.
“Now’s our chance. Let’s hit it together, both of us,” he said.
Despite their exhaustion, he knew they couldn’t afford to hold back. Only by breaking the steeple could they finally relax.
“Okay. Let’s do this.”
Hera took a deep breath and gathered her energy again. Hundreds of black ice spikes materialized behind her, sharp and humming with energy.
Across from her, Zeus raised both arms. Lightning crackled between his palms as the glowing spheres swelled with energy.
A moment later, they unleashed their attacks on the steeple.
A series of deafening blasts split the air, and the golden steeple trembled violently. Its internal energy had already been drained. Now, only its structure held it together.
The impact from Zeus and Hera’s joint strike split the surface with fresh cracks. Encouraged by the damage, they pressed on. They ignored their exhaustion and launched a full-scale attack.
They believed that once the steeple collapsed, the monks inside would be defenseless. As for Logan, they’d hazard he’d been seriously wounded in his last battle with Poseidon and no longer posed a threat.
So, with no hesitation or fear, they struck relentlessly.
In the backyard of the ancient temple, Grace sat cross-legged in meditation. Her face had gone pale, and blood trickled from the corner of her mouth.
The Seven Shards Steeple was tied to her life force. Every crack in the tower left a wound on her body, too. She had held out for as long as she could.
Zeus and Hera were simply too powerful.
Their combined attacks were relentless, and the damage to the steeple worsened with every blow. No matter how strong the artifact was, it couldn’t withstand the onslaught of two ultimate grandmasters.
Now, the steeple shook so violently it looked ready to collapse. Cracks kept spreading downward with every tremor.
Grace coughed out another mouthful of blood. Her lips were colorless, and she could barely breathe.
“Dustin… if you’re not done yet, we’re dead,” she whispered.
Panic surged in her chest, but there was nothing more she could do. From the very start, this fight had never been hers to win. She had done everything she could, and now it was up to fate.
“Your Highness, the steeple’s about to collapse. You have to get to the hidden chamber-now!”
Several female guards rushed into the courtyard and urged Grace to take cover.
“It’s no use,” Grace replied, shaking her head. “Once the steeple falls, no chamber in the world will save me.”
With Zeus’ spiritual strength, she knew there was no escaping Embercrest Hill. The hidden chamber might shield her temporarily, but it wouldn’t change the outcome.
If he couldn’t find the one controlling the steeple, he wouldn’t hesitate to flatten the entire mountain. And for someone like him, it was just a matter of effort.
And once that happened, she wouldn’t be the only casualty. Dustin, who was still absorbing the Dracan essence, would be buried with her.
She wasn’t ready to give up. There was still a sliver of hope, and she would cling to it with her last breath.
“Your Highness, let us escort you out through the back,” one of the female guards pleaded. “We’ll protect you with our lives if we have to.”
“I know you mean well, but I can’t leave. If I run, Dustin dies. I have to hold out, just a little longer,” Grace replied.
“Your Highness, with all due respect, his life can’t possibly be more important than yours.”
“You’re wrong,” Grace replied softly. “His life matters far more than mine.”
Her voice was calm, and her eyes were steady. “The Regal Observatory had read his fate. He carries immense destiny. A single decision from him could affect the future of the entire nation.
“If I die, it won’t change much. But if he dies, Dragonmarsh will lose nearly all its fortune. What comes after will be unrest and war, and countless people will suffer.”
She looked toward the distance and said firmly, “No matter what happens, even if it costs me everything, I have to keep him alive.”
###Chapter 2568
Explosions echoed nonstop outside the ancient temple. The golden steeple that shielded it was already veined with dozens of hairline cracks.
With every strike from Zeus and Hera, the fractures deepened. In less than half an hour, the entire structure was reduced to splinters from top to bottom.
“Break it down!”
With a thunderous cry, Zeus and Hera unleashed everything they had and struck the steeple in perfect sync.
The impact shook the ground. The golden steeple, which had stood strong all night, finally shattered. Countless shards of divine light rained down like broken glass.
In the backyard of the ancient temple, Grace staggered as she coughed up blood.
“Your Highness!”
Several female guards rushed to catch her. Forming a wall in front of her, they braced for what was coming. They knew if they couldn’t convince Grace to leave, they would have to fight tooth and nail to protect her.
Outside, Zeus burst out laughing. “It’s cracked! We finally did it!”
He was exhausted, but the thrill outweighed the cost. A royal god’s might had to be taken seriously. If he couldn’t even destroy a small steeple, how could he face anyone later?
“That was exhausting,” Hera muttered, exhaling a long breath.
They’d broken through at last, but the effort left a sour taste in her mouth. It took an entire night and the combined efforts of two royal gods to bring it down. However she looked at it, there was nothing glorious about it.
Instead, one question lingered in her mind. Who owned that steeple?
Whoever it was had managed to hold off both her and Zeus for hours. That alone made them worth paying attention to.
“Listen up, everyone! Form ranks!”
As the steeple came crashing down, the monks stationed at the temple gates wasted no time. They rushed forward and quickly surrounded Zeus and Hera.
They knew this was their only chance.
After spending the entire night destroying the steeple, Zeus and Hera had to be near their limit. If they waited, the window would close, and there’d be no stopping them once they recovered.
Zeus swept his eyes across the monks and sneered.
“You really think this will work? A bunch of nobodies like you trying to take us down? Dream on.”
He didn’t even need to summon his internal energy. His physical strength alone was enough to crush them.
“Take him down!” the middle-aged monk commanded without hesitation. As soon as the formation locked into place, he shouted the signal to strike.
“Charge!”
Dozens of monks attacked in unison. Using the Adamantine Luminary Formation as their base, they surrounded Zeus and Hera in separate rings.
Right after that, their staff struck together in a loud clatter. Countless strikes swept in from every direction with overwhelming force. It was so dense that not even light could slip through.
Zeus didn’t flinch. He stood there, motionless, as the hail of attacks crashed down on him.
The sharp cracks echoed nonstop. Every staff that struck him either bent out of shape or snapped in half. Not a single blow even scratched him.
On the other hand, Hera vanished the moment the strikes closed in, and every blow missed its mark.
“What?”
The monks stared in disbelief at their warped and splintered staff. They had attacked with everything they had. 1
However, Zeus neither dodged nor used any energy to defend. He just stood there and let their blows land. Even so, none of their attacks could penetrate his defense.
That was a devastating blow to them. They had hoped to find an opening while Zeus was weak, but it turned out to be nothing more than a joke.
Zeus’s body was as strong as the legendary Golden Sentinel.
“That’s it? Is that really all you’ve got?”
Zeus sneered with contempt. Feeling amused, he was willing to toy with these insignificant fighters.
“Don’t get ahead of yourself!”
Two grandmaster-level monks exchanged a glance and swung their steel staffs together. One staff aimed at Zeus’s head while the other targeted his legs.
Zeus didn’t move but raised a hand to block.
With two loud bangs, their steel staff bent sharply but caused no damage.
The two monks were stunned. If even a full – power strike from both of them had no effect, then this fight was already lost.
“You done? Now, it’s my turn.”
Zeus laughed coldly and struck both monks in the chest and abdomen with lightning speed.
The two monks were thrown backward over a hundred feet away and crashed through three walls before stopping. They coughed up blood and were badly injured.
With a single move and no use of energy, Zeus severely wounded two grandmasters. The difference in their strength was like a deep chasm.
At that moment, everyone understood just how terrifying Zeus truly was. He was an enemy they had no hope of defeating.
###Chapter 2569
“A bunch of weaklings like you dare challenge the wrath of god?” Zeus sneered. “Then, die where you stand.”
He raised his hand and conjured a sphere of lightning, then hurled it into the sky. Thunder cracked as bolts of blue lightning rained down on the monks below.
“Leave them alone!” came a shout, the voice crisp and clear.
At that instant, a golden octagram array appeared above the monks’ heads like a giant mirror. It blocked all the blue lightning bolts, then shattered with a deep, echoing crack.
Grace had conjured the array. Though she blocked the strike to protect the monks, the effort had drained her energy.
“Oh? I didn’t expect to find a master among you.” Zeus raised an eyebrow, visibly surprised.
Even though that was just a casual strike, it wasn’t something a typical grandmaster martial artist could’ve blocked, especially not someone so young.
“Greetings, Lord Zeus, Lady Hera. I am the Princess of Ariella. What could’ve provoked such wrath? Surely, we can talk this through.”
Grace stepped out from the ancient temple gate. Her white dress remained spotless despite the chaos around her.
“Princess of Ariella?” Zeus narrowed his eyes slightly. “That Golden Steeple earlier was your divine artifact?”
“That’s right. It’s bound to my life force,” she replied, not bothering to deny it.
He let out a low chuckle. “You’ve got some skill. I didn’t expect it to hold us off this long.”
But the amusement in his voice didn’t reach his eyes. Beneath it lurked a flicker of killing intent.
He had assumed the Golden Steeple had been set up by some supreme master from Dragonmarsh, or an ultimate grandmaster. Never did he expect the one who made two royal gods suffer a setback to be just a young woman.
When did Dragonmarsh start producing so many geniuses?
Logan Rhys-who had unlimited potential and managed to take down Poseidon-was already a headache. And now here came another monster. If someone like Grace were allowed to grow unchecked, she’d become a serious threat.
Grace seemed to read his thought and said, “The divine artifact bound to my life force was shattered by both of you. Not only has my cultivation been severely weakened, but I will never be able to break through again. So there’s no reason for you to have any reservations.”
“She’s a smart one,” Hera said with a faint smile.
A spark of interest lit up her eyes. If Grace hadn’t been a princess of Dragonmarsh, she might have taken her under her wing and trained her personally. There were far too few female martial artists with both her talent and shrewdness.
“So what if you’re telling the truth?” Zeus sneered. “Do you think you have the right to negotiate with us?”
“This isn’t a negotiation. It’s a deal,” Grace replied calmly.
She continued, “I know both of you have hit a wall in your cultivation. You haven’t broken through in decades. But I happen to know a technique that could let you tap into divine energy and push past your limits.”
Upon hearing that, Zeus and Hera froze. Even the way they looked at Grace had changed.
For years, the bottleneck had been their greatest frustration. They’d tried countless ways to break through, but nothing had worked. Eventually, they’d resigned themselves to the idea that they might be stuck at that level forever and would never push past their limits.
But now, Grace’s words lit a spark of hope, especially for Zeus. With his short lifespan, he desperately needed a breakthrough to extend it. It was the kind of opportunity he couldn’t afford to pass up.
Still, neither of them was foolish enough to take a stranger at her word. They’d run into situations like this more times than they could count. Every time they thought they’d found a way to break through, it always ended in disappointment.
“Why should we trust you?” Zeus narrowed his eyes and gave Grace a sharp once-over. “You don’t actually think we’d follow your lead just because you tossed out a few grand claims, do you?”
“With your status, how could I even think of deceiving you?” Grace smiled faintly. ” I’m not reckless enough to make a deal without some certainty. That’d be like signing my own death warrant.”
“You might have a point,” Zeus said, stroking his chin. “So, what’s your condition?”
“Leave Dragonmarsh immediately. Three days from now, I’ll personally show you how to break through,” Grace replied.
“Leave Dragonmarsh?” He sneered. “So, you’re helping Logan deal with the crisis? And you’re using that as an excuse to trick us into leaving?”
“Yes, I’m doing this for him. But I’m not trying to trick you. I’m here to negotiate a deal with both of you,” she corrected.
“You’re honest, I’ll give you that. But I still don’t believe you.” Zeus shook his head.
“Those are the terms. How you want to proceed is up to you,” Grace said calmly, without a hint of arrogance or submission.
Suddenly, Zeus grinned. “I’ve got a better idea. Want to hear it?”
“Oh? Go ahead.”
He chuckled darkly. “First, we kill Logan. Then, we capture you. After that, we’ll use every torture we have to make you spill the secret to breaking through. How does that sound?”
The Hall of Gods had its own torture chamber. Anyone who was brought there didn’t last more than three days before confessing everything.
###Chapter 2570
“Torturing someone to confess might work, but it’s not always the best approach, “Grace said calmly.
She continued, “To be honest, there’s a seal inside my body. If I trigger it with my mind, it’ll release a burst of energy strong enough to level everything within 300 feet, including me.
“If that happens, you get nothing. And there’s a good chance you’ll get hurt in the process. I don’t think that’s what you want, and I certainly don’t want it to come to that.”
Zeus’ smile immediately froze. He thought he had her cornered. He didn’t expect she had a backup plan. For a moment, he didn’t dare use force against her.
He glanced at Hera. “What do you think?”
He was a fighter, not a diplomat. If it were any other matter, he’d skip the talk and strike down his opponent.
But Grace’s offer was different. She claimed to have a technique that could break through their cultivation, and it was something Zeus had dreamed of for years.
Even if she was lying, he still held onto a glimmer of hope. He felt that it was better to be safe than sorry. After all, what if she was telling the truth?
Before he could force the secret out of Grace, he couldn’t bear to kill her. If he lost this opportunity, who knew when another would come? Maybe there wouldn’t be a next time at all. He wasn’t about to gamble on that.
“I have to say, I really admire your courage and wisdom.” Hera finally spoke up.
She continued, “With just a few words, you’ve got us second-guessing everything. People as smart as you don’t come around often these days. But honestly, it’s your courage I admire even more than your intelligence.
“You’re staring death right in the face, yet you keep your cool and negotiate with us without so much as a flicker of fear. That kind of courage and boldness surprises me.
“If we lived in the same country, I’d definitely take you as my disciple. You’ve really impressed me.”
Hera even clapped her hand with undisguised admiration on her face as soon as she finished talking.
“Hera, what the hell are you doing?” Zeus frowned in confusion.
Wasn’t she supposed to intimidate Grace and use threats? Why was she suddenly praising her?
Hera ignored him and kept her eyes on Grace. She smiled and said, “If I’m not mistaken, you’re just stalling for time, right?
“You want us to leave Dragonmarsh now, then hand over the breakthrough technique three days later. That just doesn’t sit right with me.
“I don’t know what’s going to happen in three days, but something tells me we can’t let you get your way. If you do, it could put all of us in danger.”
Grace kept her calm. “I only ask you to show mercy and spare Logan. Nothing else.
“No, no, no…” Hera shook her head and studied her carefully. “If saving Logan was all you cared about, this isn’t the strategy you would’ve used.
“You had a full night to run, but you stayed. Even after the steeple was destroyed, you didn’t back down. Instead, you stood your ground and tried to strike a deal with us.
“So either you’ve got backup and our threats don’t scare you, or something is holding you back from leaving. Tell me did I get it right?”
Grace kept a calm expression, but Hera’s words rattled her. She didn’t expect Hera to be so perceptive about her circumstances.
If she denied it, she couldn’t explain why she hadn’t escaped, and convincing the two afterward would be even harder.
Zeus and Hera had reached the rank of royal gods. They weren’t the kind to be fooled or underestimated.
After a moment’s thought, Grace finally nodded. “It’s true. We’re trapped here with no way to get out.”
A soft chuckle escaped Hera. “I knew it.”
She started to circle Grace, speaking as she went. “If you’d denied it earlier, you’d be dead right now.”
“Lady Hera, your wit and wisdom are unmatched. My petty tricks will never slip past you.” Grace sighed softly.
“Spare me the flattery,” Hera replied with a smirk. “Now tell me. What’s really keeping you here? Be honest, and I might consider sparing your life.”
“There’s no point hiding it anymore.”
Grace looked deflated, and her expression dimmed as she spoke.
She went on, “Logan was badly wounded in a recent fight and is now barely hanging on. There’s a sacred spring at the base of this mountain that can heal him and keep him alive. If I leave, he’ll die for sure.”
Upon hearing that, Hera’s lips curved into a knowing smile, as if she’d expected this.
“So that’s what this is about,” she said. ” No wonder you’ve been stalling. All this time, you’ve been trying to buy time to save your lover.”
She’d heard before that Logan had been seriously injured. Now, it turned out the rumors were true.
“So you’ve been lying to us this whole time?” Zeus’ expression darkened as sparks crackled at his fingertips. “That so-called breakthrough technique was just a lie too?”
###Chapter 2571
Zeus’ bloodlust was rising fast. He realized he’d been played for a fool. His obsession with the breakthrough technique was the only reason he hadn’t made his move earlier.
Now it hit him that Grace’s promises were all lies. The supposed breakthrough was just an excuse to buy time. The more he thought about it, the deeper his anger grew, and with it came the deadly urge to strike.
“Yes. I was trying to extend Logan’s life… But the breakthrough method is real,” Grace said calmly.
She continued, “You should’ve noticed by now that I’m a disciple of Regal Observatory. Across Dragonmarsh, only two people have reached beyond the ultimate grandmaster level.
“The first is Arion, Ancient Sage of Sacred Wrym Summit, and the second is Ezekiel, chief overseer of Regal Observatory. As royal gods of the Hall of Gods, I’m sure you’ve heard this before.
“If Ezekiel managed to break through past the ultimate grandmaster, then of course, he had a special technique. And since I’m his disciple, I happen to know about it. So no, I’m not lying to you.”
At her words, Zeus’ expression finally softened. The crackling lightning at his fingertips slowly faded.
As Grace had said, there were only two people in Dragonmarsh he truly feared. One was Arion from the Sacred Wrym Summit, and the other was Ezekiel, chief overseer of Regal Observatory.
If anyone else had made that claim, he wouldn’t have believed it. But Grace was a disciple of the Regal Observatory and a princess of Dragonmarsh. She knew Ezekiel’s breakthrough technique, so her words had weight.
“Talk is cheap,” Hera said coolly. “Until we see the breakthrough technique, we won’t believe a thing you say.”
She added, “If you want us to spare your life, your best bet is to hand over that technique. Otherwise, you won’t leave here alive.”
“Exactly!” Zeus echoed. “Hand over the technique first, or you’re dead.”
Grace was running circles around him, and he didn’t like it one bit. He needed to take back control.
“If I hand over the breakthrough technique, can I trust you to uphold your end of the deal?” Grace asked.
She knew there was no talking her way out of this. Unless she gave them what they wanted, they’d never back off.
“I swear,” Hera said solemnly. “If you hand over the breakthrough technique, we’ll spare your lives today. If we break that promise, may we burn in hell.”
Grace looked at Zeus. “What about you?”
“I’m with her,” he replied without hesitation.
He didn’t believe in any of that eternal damnation crap anyway.
“Okay. You two wait here. I’ll go write it down,” Grace said.
She nodded and stepped inside the ancient temple. Every second she bought gave her an edge the longer she stalled, the more the odds tilted in her favor.
“Hera, do you think she’s setting us up?” Zeus suddenly asked.
“Setting us up?” Hera scoffed. “You really underestimate yourself. What could a nobody like her possibly do to outsmart us?
“That’s what I keep telling myself, but something just doesn’t sit right,” he said, narrowing his eyes.
With his strength, crushing Grace would be easy. But when it came to brains, it was a different story. From his observation, there was no denying she was incredibly smart.
“I’ll admit, she’s smart and has guts. But we hold the upper hand now. We’re the ones calling the shots.” Hera smirked. ” Even if she’s lying, so what? We might waste some time, but she won’t live to see another day.”
No matter how smart Grace was, she was still just a small fry. Hera knew Grace couldn’t hurt her, so she wasn’t intimidated.
Besides, she had already seen through every trick Grace had up her sleeve. When it came to wit and strategy, Hera was far ahead.
“Okay, then. Let’s wait and see what she’s really up to.” Zeus nodded and said nothing more.
He found a spot to sit and slowly recover his strength. Though he was strong, his internal energy was nearly drained after a whole night of relentless attacks. This was a perfect chance to rest.
Time passed slowly as Zeus and Hera sat at the temple gate, waiting in silence.
Before they knew it, the sun climbed high into the sky. But Grace, who had entered the ancient temple, still hadn’t come out. The delay made them restless.
Grace was just writing down a breakthrough technique. How could that possibly take half a day?
“Hera, do you think she’s stalling?” Zeus frowned.
Hera didn’t answer. Instead, she stood and projected her voice toward the temple.
“Wasting time won’t get you anywhere, princess. Hand over the technique now for everyone’s sake. If you try to play tricks, don’t blame me for forcing my way in.”
“Almost done. Just give me a bit more time, “came Grace’s calm reply.
“I’ll give you one more hour. If you’re not out by then, I’ll destroy this entire mountain-and you along with it,” Hera said coldly.
Her patience was at its limit. If things didn’t go her way soon, there would be bloodshed.
###Chapter 2572
After stalling as long as she could, Grace finally stepped out of the ancient temple with a handwritten book after being urged by Hera.
“You two are so impatient,” she said. “This isn’t the kind of technique you can just scribble down off the top of your head. What if I got something wrong?”
As soon as she stepped out, she wasted no time shifting the blame.
“You’re always so quick with the excuses. Who knows what you’re really doing inside?” Hera scowled.
“I had to recall everything, write it down, and make sure there were no mistakes. You think that’s easy? Can’t you at least try to cut me some slack?” Grace frowned slightly.
“Enough talk. Hand over the technique now,” Zeus snapped impatiently.
“The technique’s right here. See for yourselves.”
Without saying much, Grace tossed the book into the air.
Zeus and Hera locked eyes for a split second before both lunging toward the book with lightning-fast reflexes. Both of them were fully developed ultimate grandmasters, just one step away from breaking through to the next level.
A technique like that-one that could push them past that final barrier-was invaluable to them. If it came down to it, either of them might turn on the other in a heartbeat.
“Hera! How dare you snatch it from me?” Zeus barked.
Hera scoffed. “After everything I’ve done, you think I’m just going to hand it over?”
The two clashed in midair, their figures flashing back and forth in a blur. However, neither dared to go all out. After all, one wrong move and they might destroy the book they both wanted.
After a fierce exchange of punches and kicks, they both reached for the book at the same time. Each grabbed one side of the book, refusing to let go.
“Let go, Hera. Don’t make me do something you’ll regret,” Zeus said, his expression grim.
As one of the four strongest royal gods, he had no doubt he could overpower her.
But she didn’t flinch. “You let go first. You think I’m going to do all this work for nothing? Not happening.”
Though they were royal gods, they each had their own agenda. If that book really held the key to breaking through their limits, it would be a priceless treasure.
Whoever got their hands on it would be able to break through to the next level. No one would have passed up an opportunity like that.
“I’m running out of patience. Don’t force me to turn on you,” Zeus warned as lightning crackled in one hand.
“Turn on me if you want. You think I’m scared of you?” Hera shot back.
She raised her free hand, and hundreds of black ice spears materialized behind her, like a swarm of wasps ready to sting Zeus alive.
While watching the standoff, Grace silently cheered them on. She hoped they’d start fighting soon, so they’d be too busy to come after her.
“Hang on! Let’s not throw punches just yet. “Seeing that Hera was ready to go all in, Zeus quickly stopped her. “We don’t even know if this book is real. Starting a fight over it now would be reckless, wouldn’t it?”
Hera frowned at his words. She’d been so focused on getting her hands on the breakthrough technique that she hadn’t stopped to think it through.
Now that he had said it out loud, a sliver of doubt began to creep in. She figured fighting over the book without even confirming if it was real was foolish.
“I have an idea. Let’s sit down and study it together. How much you can understand or grasp depends entirely on your own ability. What do you think?” Zeus suggested.
“Fine by me,” Hera replied with a nod.
Studying it together meant neither of them would be shortchanged. Whoever broke through first would depend purely on talent and comprehension.
“On the count of three, we’ll land slowly with no underhanded moves. Deal?”
“Deal.”
“Three… two… one.”
After reaching an agreement, Zeus and Hera landed at the same time, neither playing any tricks. They sat on the ground and began flipping through the pages.
Frowns quickly appeared as they read. What Grace had written was complex and difficult to follow.
They knew Dragonmarsh’s language like the back of their hand, and there wasn’t a single word they didn’t recognize. But when those words were strung together, the meaning twisted into something murky and confusing.
Zeus and Hera were stumped. Every word made sense on its own, yet the sentences didn’t add up. Still, neither of them spoke. They kept reading, forcing themselves through it as their frowns deepened and headaches bloomed.
One section even delved into Dragonmarsh’s octagram array theory, which was mysterious and complicated. It was like reading an ancient script written in a lost language.
By the time they finished every last word, their faces were tight with tension. The text was beyond them, and they couldn’t say for sure whether it was authentic or not.
However, admitting that would’ve meant swallowing their pride. And for royal gods, pride was everything.
“You really think you can fool me with a fake technique, missy? Do you think I can’t read?” Zeus suddenly snapped.
Without warning, he extended his hand. From a distance, he grasped Grace’s throat and lifted her off the ground.
“Your Highness!”
Everyone in the ancient temple turned pale. They instantly drew their weapons, ready to strike.
“Stand down!” Grace choked out.
She raised her hand to stop them, then used a move to push them back.
“I’ll give you one last chance. Hand over the real technique, or face the consequences,” Zeus growled.
“This is the real thing. I swear to God. If I’ve lied to you, may lightning strike me down.” Grace made a solemn vow.
A breakthrough technique like that couldn’t be fake. But whether others could grasp it was another matter.
###Chapter 2573
Grace was telling the truth. No matter how strong someone’s willpower was, tiny tells always gave them away when they lied. To an ultimate grandmaster, those tells weren’t just noticeable, but they were amplified a hundredfold.
Most of what she said was true. She’d simply laced it with a few well-placed lies. Truth and falsehood blurred together until no one could tell them apart.
The breakthrough technique she claimed to have found in the ancient manuscripts was real. However, she never promised it would work or how far someone could get with it. Just in case, she’d made sure to cover her tracks.
Grace had copied the technique exactly as written, so she could swear a binding oath that it was authentic. But she had also scrambled key parts of the instructions and built two conflicting cultivation paths into it. That way, neither Zeus nor Hera could detect the sabotage or break through.
Grace had poured time and effort into the deception. To her, his sudden threat was nothing more than a test.
When Zeus couldn’t separate truth from lies, he turned to intimidation. She saw through the tactic but said nothing about it.
Grace wasn’t afraid. She knew Zeus and Hera didn’t have the cultural context to comprehend the technique. In the end, they still needed her to interpret and explain it.
That was why she was sure he wouldn’t hurt her. And as expected, the moment she swore the oath, his grip loosened.
“Hmph. I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt just this once,” Zeus said with a straight face. “But your breakthrough technique is somewhat unusual. Until we fully comprehend it, you’re not going anywhere.”
“You got what you came for. Isn’t it time you held up your end of the deal and left?” Grace shot back, her brow creasing in frustration.
“We agreed to spare you if you handed over the real technique,” Zeus replied firmly. ” But we’re not convinced it’s authentic. We need time to study and confirm it. That doesn’t break our word.”
Grace’s frown deepened. “So if you can’t figure it out in a day, you’ll just camp here until you do?”
“Exactly!”
The truth was, the book was far beyond the two royal gods’ current understanding.
They couldn’t crack it on their own. They needed her, both as a key to the text and as insurance.
By staying, they kept her within arm’s reach. And as long as she was under their watch, they controlled the board.
“You better help us understand this breakthrough technique soon, missy,”
Hera said with a smirk. “Otherwise, we’re not leaving Embercrest Hill anytime soon. As for your lover, he can stay hidden in the mountains and focus on healing.”
She knew Grace was stalling, but she didn’t care. Even if Logan made a full recovery and returned to his peak form, he still wouldn’t stand a chance against them. If the two of them wanted to, they could wipe Embercrest Hill off the map without lifting a finger and crush Logan right along with it.
“If you’re both set on this, then I have nothing more to say. Just promise me you’ll keep your word once you’ve broken through,” Grace said.
“You have my word,” Hera replied with a nod. “As long as you help us break through, you’ll become a major contributor to the Hall of Gods. How could we bring ourselves to hurt you?”
“There are plenty of empty rooms in the temple. Make yourselves comfortable. But let me be clear-no more violence. If anyone gets hurt again, I won’t help you. Not even if it kills me,” Grace said coldly.
“Got it.”
Zeus and Hera agreed in unison, then stepped inside the ancient temple together.
For now, neither of them pressed their advantage. Even if they had the books, they couldn’t decipher them without Grace’s help. That fragile dependency kept a temporary truce in place.
But once they mastered the technique once it came time to break through-there was no telling how far they’d go.
As royal gods, Zeus and Hera were both allies and rivals. Whoever succeeded first would shape their future and possibly claim the top seat as Supreme Leader of the Hall of Gods.
Inside the temple, Zeus and Hera began their studies under Grace’s careful guidance.
To avoid suspicion, Grace taught them earnestly, explaining every word without holding anything back. Her plan was already in motion.
She wasn’t afraid they would master the technique, but was worried they wouldn’t. As long as they kept learning, she could buy Dustin more time.
That was all she could do for now. She just hoped he’d seize the moment and break through soon. If he didn’t, she wasn’t sure how much longer she could keep delaying the inevitable.
After all, Zeus and Hera weren’t just anyone. Sooner or later, they’d sense something was off. And when they did, everyone in the temple would likely die with her.
This was a high-stakes gamble, one Grace couldn’t afford to lose. She had to win and hoped Dustin would break through before Zeus and Hera did.
###Chapter 2574
Inside a natural cave on Embercrest Hill, Dustin hovered in midair, legs crossed, eyes closed in deep meditation.
Five glowing orbs circled him in a steady, rhythmic orbit. With every pass, they released thin streams of white energy that flowed directly into his body.
Gradually, a soft glow began to radiate from Dustin’s skin. Bathed in the light, he looked almost translucent. His body revealed a web of energy pathways crisscrossing beneath the surface.
The currents surged like streams of silver marrow, flowing again and again through his energy pathways. With each pass, the current grew stronger-its flow widening, its pressure mounting.
His muscles, flesh, and bones were changing too. Each part reshaped itself in subtle but undeniable ways. At that moment, he was undergoing a profound transformation.
As time passed, sweat began to bead on Dustin’s skin, and his face twisted in pain. A fine crack appeared on his crystal-clear skin, no thicker than a strand of hair.
At first, it was barely noticeable. But as he absorbed more of the Dracan essence, the fractures multiplied, spreading wider and deeper across his body.
Half an hour later, the cracks covered every inch of his body. He looked like a porcelain statue held together by glue-fragile and horrifying. Even the slightest touch might have shattered him.
Dustin frowned as he drew in a slow, careful breath. He knew he had reached his limit.
As expected, the Dracan essence wasn’t something he could absorb easily. Forcing it into his body in hopes of breaking through was a deadly gamble. One misstep, and he’d explode from the inside out and be reduced to dust.
But there was no turning back now. Either he broke through, or he died. There was no third option.
“Come on. Just a little more,” Dustin muttered through gritted teeth.
He kept the cultivation flow going at full force, pushing himself to absorb as much of the Dracan essence as he could.
But there was just too much of it. No matter how fast he refined it, more kept flooding in an endless, unstoppable wave.
Dustin put aside his distracting thoughts, centered his mind, and braced himself for the final push. He was so close, just half a step from breaking through.
He hadn’t mastered the energy, hadn’t reached full refinement, but he couldn’t hold on anymore. His body was already coming apart. If he didn’t risk everything now, he’d die anyway.
He drew in a sharp breath and forced the torrent of Dracan essence into his body, compressing it with everything he had. The moment he did, the cracks across his skin deepened. Blood burst from every fracture, soaking him from head to toe.
But Dustin had no time to worry about the pain. Gritting his teeth, he channeled every last ounce of strength, driving the raging Dracan essence into every pressure point and through all eight extraordinary meridians.
A deep rumble echoed through the cave, like thunder splitting the earth.
Blood sprayed from Dustin’s body as his skin ruptured in violent bursts. It didn’t drip but gushed out from every wound.
He blocked out the pain and forced the Dracan essence through every channel and pressure point, no matter the cost.
Another blast ripped through him as fresh wounds exploded across his limbs, chest, and back as bloody blooms spreading over every inch of him.
He was on the brink. Each breath was shallow, his life hanging by a thread. Still, he clenched his teeth and threw himself into one final charge.
He would break through or die trying.
###Chapter 2575
“Break through!”
Dustin’s rage exploded inside him. His Dracan essence surged like a tidal wave and crashed relentlessly against the last few pressure points with unstoppable force.
Thunderous explosions rang out in quick succession.
Dustin, who had lost too much blood, finally buckled under the strain and fell from midair. At that instant, his life was hanging by a thread.
Inside the ancient temple atop Embercrest Hill, Grace, who was helping Zeus and Hera decipher the breakthrough technique, paused mid-translation. A strange unease stirred in her chest as if she had sensed something, and she frowned.
What happened? Had Dustin failed?
The thought struck like lightning, sharp and sudden. Her chest tightened with worry.
She had placed all her hope in him. If he failed to break through and died, it wouldn’t just be her life on the line. Everyone on Embercrest Hill, and even half
the nation, would be doomed.
Suddenly, a knot of fear twisted in Grace’s gut. She had to get back to the cave. If there were even a chance Dustin could survive, she’d do whatever it took to save him.
“I have urgent matters to attend to. You two go ahead and keep reading.”
As soon as the words left her mouth, she hurried out the door.
“Stop right there!” Zeus shouted.
Grace ignored him. She used an evasion technique and bolted out the door.
“You have a death wish?” he growled.
His face darkened. He raised a hand and fired a bolt of lightning straight at her back.
She couldn’t dodge in time, so she quickly formed hand seals. A golden octagram array appeared behind her, just in time to block his crackling blue lightning bolt.
A loud explosion shattered the golden octagram array instantly. The powerful blast hurled Grace several feet through the air. She crashed hard against the wall, blood spilling from her mouth.
“I have something urgent to deal with. Give me a moment, and I’ll return to translate for you later,” Grace said, frowning.
“Hmph. You think I’m that gullible?” Zeus’ face darkened. “If you weren’t hiding something, why would you suddenly run?”
“Listen, missy. If you don’t want to die, you’d better translate the technique for us. Until we’ve comprehended it, you’re not going anywhere,” Hera said coldly.
“I don’t have time to explain,” Grace snapped.
She formed a quick hand seal, and her body sank into the earth using the earth-shifting technique. She had mastered all five elemental escape techniques.
“Try running again, and I won’t show mercy.” Zeus exploded with rage and slammed his palm into the ground.
A thunderous roar echoed as lightning crackled wildly, and the ground shook like an earthquake. Even the ancient temple trembled violently.
Grace, who had just slipped underground, was suddenly blasted back to the surface by a powerful force. She crashed hard onto the ground, blood spurting from her mouth and nose once again.
“You’ve mastered quite a few mystical arts, but I’m going to destroy your core first.”
Zeus snorted coldly and struck again. He sent a bolt of lightning straight toward her abdomen. If she were hit, it would destroy her core and wipe out all her cultivation.
But just then, a burst of golden light shot up from the ground and formed a barrier in front of Grace. The lightning bolt vanished the moment it made contact with the light.
“Hmm?”
Zeus focused his gaze and realized the golden light was actually a person.
###Chapter 2576
The golden light appeared just in time to block Zeus’ attack and save Grace from having her core destroyed.
As the light faded, a handsome young man appeared before everyone. He had white hair and wore tattered clothes. But despite his rough appearance, he exuded an otherworldly presence that set him apart from the rest.
He stood still in front of Grace, solid as a mountain.
“Dustin?”
The moment she saw the white-haired man, she finally breathed a sigh of relief. She knew then that she was safe and so was everyone inside the ancient temple.
Aside from his stark white hair, he looked nearly the same. But now, he carried a mysterious, otherworldly energy that she had never felt before. At that moment, she knew he had broken through.
“Thanks for holding on.”
Dustin turned and gently tapped Grace’s shoulder. A beam of golden light shot from his hand and flowed straight into her body.
She shuddered as warmth surged through her, soothing every inch of her body.
The previously blocked circulatory pathways and accumulated internal injuries began to heal at an astonishing speed. Within seconds, she felt energized.
Her injuries were healed, and her energy burned brighter than ever.
This technique went beyond what any mortal could do.
“I’ll take it from here.” Dustin smiled and fixed his gaze on Zeus and Hera.
At that moment, the two royal gods seemed to sense danger. Standing next to each other, they were silently alert.
They couldn’t explain it, but there was something about this seemingly ordinary young man that unsettled them deeply.
Zeus sized him up from head to toe. “Are you Logan?”
He looked almost exactly like the man in the files. But something didn’t feel right.
Wasn’t Logan supposed to be badly injured? So why did he seem so full of life?
“You’re Zeus?” Dustin asked instead.
Zeus scoffed. “You’ve got some nerve, calling me by name like that,” he said coldly.
Dustin’s gaze shifted to the woman beside him. “Then you must be Hera.”
“That’s right,” Hera said with a faint smile. “Taking down Poseidon shows you’ve got skill. But today, you’re facing two royal gods, and we’re stronger than Poseidon. Since you dare to show up here alone, aren’t you afraid of dying?”
“Of course I am. But being afraid doesn’t mean I’ll keep hiding forever.” Dustin smiled faintly. “When my friend’s in trouble, I can’t just ignore it.”
Zeus sneered. “Hiding might keep you alive. But if you stop running, you’re just seeking death.”
“Who lives and who dies isn’t set in stone, “Dustin shot back, smiling. “Maybe it’s one of you who’ll end up dead.”
Zeus laughed sharply, then his face darkened. “You’ve got some nerve, kid. You think we’re weak like Poseidon? I’ll show you what real power is.”
He raised his hand and unleashed a bolt of lightning straight at Dustin.
Dustin stood still and didn’t flinch. Just as the lightning was about to hit him, a golden glow flared up in front of him.
Lightning crashed into the golden light with a deafening boom. The energy vanished on impact, but the glow held steady, untouched.
“Huh?”
Zeus frowned and attacked again. He sent two more bolts hurtling forward.
Dustin didn’t flinch, but invoked the golden barrier. The lightning bolts struck the barrier and exploded on contact. The golden light rippled like water, then quickly settled back into calm.
“You’ve got some skill. But let’s see if you can block this,” Zeus growled.
He spread his fingers wide, and his hand curled like a claw to conjure a sphere of blue lightning
As he charged it up, the sphere grew from the size of an egg to as large as a basketball in seconds. It pulsed with raw power, crackling with destructive energy.
“Break!” Zeus roared.
He hurled the sphere like a cannonball. The lightning slammed into the golden barrier with a deafening boom.
The entire ancient temple trembled. Lightning crackled wildly in the courtyard, smashing nearby buildings into rubble.
The lightning bolt roared fiercely, but the golden barrier stood firm and unshaken without a single crack.
“What?” Zeus’ expression flickered with doubt.
Even Grace’s divine artifact-the Seven Shards Steeple, bound to her life force-had trembled a few times under his relentless attack. However, this golden barrier protecting Logan didn’t react at all.
What the heck was this thing? Another defensive divine artifact?
“Let me try,” Hera said.
After sensing trouble, she stepped forward and joined the attack. She raised her hand, and suddenly over a thousand black icy spears materialized behind her.
“Fire!” she shouted.
She clenched her fist, and in a flash, hundreds of black ice spears launched from behind her. They streaked toward Dustin and Grace like a violent hailstorm.
The barrage slammed into the golden barrier with deafening force. Shards of ice exploded on impact and dissolved into bursts of scattered energy.
But the golden light around Dustin was still intact without any cracks.
Zeus and Hera frowned at the sight. They finally realized Dustin wasn’t going to be easy to deal with.
They were in for one hell of a battle.
###Chapter 2577
At first, Zeus and Hera hadn’t taken Dustin seriously.
In their eyes, Dustin’s strength was comparable to Poseidon’s. Since he was severely wounded, they figured either one of them could easily take him down, let alone if they attacked together.
But after testing him with a few probing strikes, they realized things weren’t that simple.
Looking at Dustin radiating such vitality, they wondered if there was even any sign of injury. Not only was he unharmed, but his strength far exceeded their expectations.
There were only two possible explanations for this situation. Either their intel gathering had been wrong, or Dustin had stumbled onto some lucky break that led to an unexpected breakthrough. As for how far he’d advanced, they couldn’t tell for the time being.
At that instant, Zeus and Hera finally understood why Grace had been stalling for time. Initially, they’d assumed she was buying time so Dustin could recover without being interrupted.
But now they realized that he hadn’t been recovering but had been at the critical juncture of a breakthrough.
Though reluctant to admit it, they had indeed been deceived. Grace had mixed truth with lies and led them around by the nose.
The realization left Zeus and Hera irritated, though what dominated was a sense of unease. Because now, the situation was starting to slip out of their control.
“Hera, looks like we’ll have to team up. This guy’s no pushover,” Zeus said, his expression grim as he glanced at her.
“Really? You think I hadn’t noticed?” she replied sarcastically.
Dustin wasn’t even using any divine artifacts. Instead, he only used protection armor energy to deflect their attacks. That fact alone demonstrated that he possessed strength on par with either royal god, perhaps even stronger.
Neither of them could guarantee victory alone. So, they must join forces if they want to bring Dustin down.
“Let’s attack together!”
Zeus shot Hera a quick glance, then suddenly thrust both hands skyward. Twin spheres of crackling lightning coalesced in his palms before he hurled them at Dustin with thunderous force.
At the same time, Hera launched her assault. Thousands of black icy spears materialized overhead, raining down like an apocalyptic downpour that sought to impale Dustin from every angle.
The two royal gods moved in sync-one attacking head-on while the other from above. Their coordination was flawless.
That kind of coordinated strike would’ve been devastating against any ordinary ultimate grandmaster.
But Dustin had already broken through the limits neither of them could reach. As the devastating barrage bore down on him, he stood still. He simply raised his hand and made one gentle sweeping motion.
When a breeze swept past, it instantly disintegrated Hera’s countless icy spears into dust that scattered and disappeared on contact.
Meanwhile, Zeus’ crackling spheres simply vanished into the same breeze. The wind swallowed them completely like stones dropped into a bottomless sea.
Their combined attacks struck nothing and became nothing. Silence swallowed their fury whole. What had roared to life with godlike wrath now scattered like ash on an unfelt breeze.
“What the hell?”
Zeus and Hera’s faces went ashen as they witnessed the impossible. Their expressions twisted with disbelief.
If Dustin had deflected their attacks using his protection armor energy or supreme divine power, they wouldn’t have been this shocked. But he hadn’t used either.
With just a casual wave of his hand, he had neutralized their combined assault, without so much as shifting his stance.
That unnatural technique was clearly beyond the realm of ultimate grandmasters. Could Dustin have already broken through his limits and ascended to the terrestrial immortal realm?
The thought sent a chill down both royal gods’ spines.
What kind of rotten luck was that? Just days after arriving in Dragonmarsh, they’d already encountered a mortal enemy of this caliber?
“Done with your attacks?” Dustin asked, looking at them calmly. “Because if you are, it’s my turn to attack.”
With that, he raised his sword finger and pointed at Zeus. A golden sword aura shot forward like lightning, aimed straight at his chest.
“Hmm?” Zeus’ expression changed. He quickly spread his palms to conjure a massive lightning sphere and hurled it toward the golden sword aura.
The collision sent shockwaves through the air. The lightning sphere exploded on impact, but the golden sword aura remained completely intact. Its deadly momentum barely diminished and continued its relentless path toward Zeus’ chest.
Zeus didn’t have time to gather his internal energy and could only instinctively raise his arms in defense.
His body had been tempered repeatedly by divine lightning until it became supernaturally resilient. Even without channeling his internal energy, his physical strength alone could kill an ordinary ultimate grandmaster.
The golden sword aura struck his raised arms with devastating force and erupted in a catastrophic explosion. The terrifying power tore his arm clean off at the shoulder, and the shockwave sent him flying dozens of feet away.
Zeus crashed through several walls before finally hitting the ground. He coughed violently, blood gushing from his nose and mouth.
“What?” Hera’s face drained of all color as the horrific scene unfolded before her.
In a single move, Dustin had crippled Zeus and severed his limb entirely. What kind of monster was he?
As she watched Dustin prepare to attack again, terror consumed her completely. Without even the courage to fight back, she whirled around and bolted.
###Chapter 2578
Hera was scared out of her wits. The moment Dustin effortlessly deflected her attacks, the urge to retreat had already taken root. Her instincts screamed danger when she looked at him. He was someone she couldn’t afford to provoke.
Still, she’d clung to the hope that with Zeus by her side, their combined strength might still secure victory.
But after witnessing him suffer a grievous wound and lose his arm in a single strike, panic consumed her entirely.
Hera’s strength paled in comparison to Zeus’. If he couldn’t survive a single strike, she would fare even worse.
When she saw Dustin raise his hand again, she no longer hesitated. She pushed off the ground and shot into the sky. Her form blurred into a streak of motion as she fled into the distance.
Survival was her only priority now. Zeus’ fate wasn’t her concern.
Dustin had ascended to the realm of terrestrial immortals. Unless the Supreme Leader himself took action, no one in the Hall of Gods could stand against Dustin.
“You think you can run?”
Dustin smiled faintly. He raised one hand above his head and swept it downward.
A bone-deep rumble split the sky. From above, a colossal golden palm suddenly passed through the clouds and descended on Hera with crushing inevitability.
The palm dwarfed mountains and valleys alike. Its presence swallowed daylight whole, leaving only shadow in its wake. Next to that colossal palm, she looked like a fly about to meet a flyswatter.
“What in the…”
Seeing the palm pressing down from above, Hera’s face went pale with terror, and a chill ran down her spine. Even if she used all her strength, she knew it was impossible to escape the palm’s overwhelming reach.
She let out a piercing scream as the golden palm closed around her. Silence followed immediately after. Moments later, the palm vanished.
Hera’s body plummeted from the sky and slammed into the ground at the ancient temple gates. Her circulatory pathways were severed, her bones shattered completely, and blood poured from her nose and mouth. She lay there, barely clinging to life.
Though she was still breathing, she hung by the thinnest thread. Dustin had deliberately held back. Otherwise, the colossal golden palm’s grip would have crushed her into pieces. Then again, looking at her now, there wasn’t much difference.
The monks and guards at the ancient temple entrance stared in horror at her corpse-like form sprawled on the ground.
They had no idea what transpired inside the temple. Instead, they had only heard explosive sounds and felt waves of overwhelming pressure that kept them at bay.
When the explosions stopped, they witnessed Hera suddenly bolt into the sky in desperate flight. The next second, the colossal golden palm descended from the clouds and effortlessly captured her. By the time she hit the ground, she was half-dead and couldn’t move even a finger.
Had a supreme master from the Regal Observatory intervened?
Nothing else could explain how the royal god Hera had been so easily defeated. At that thought, excitement stirred in their hearts. Maybe help had finally arrived.
Inside the ancient temple, Dustin turned his gaze toward Zeus, who was several dozen feet away.
Zeus had already lost an arm. Blood streamed from his nose and mouth, and his face was deathly pale. Though his injuries weren’t as severe as Hera’s, he too was gravely wounded.
“Impossible! How did you become so strong?” Zeus snarled through gritted teeth, rage and disbelief twisting his features.
Though he had suspected Dustin had achieved a breakthrough, the reality of facing that overwhelming power left him stunned. Just days ago, Dustin was still an ultimate grandmaster, not even a fully developed one.
How much time had actually passed? A week? Perhaps ten days at most?
In that short time, how could Dustin, who hadn’t even perfected the ultimate grandmaster realm, suddenly transform into a peerless terrestrial immortal?
Zeus couldn’t wrap his mind around it. He refused to accept it.
He had spent decades striving to break through from the peak of the ultimate grandmaster realm. Yet, Dustin had accomplished in mere days what Zeus couldn’t achieve despite a lifetime of dedication.
What had happened?
“Am I that powerful?” Dustin smiled faintly. “I paid for it with my life.”
During his breakthrough, his physical form had begun to collapse under the strain, and he almost died.
At the critical moment, a surge of vital energy had erupted from inside him, dragging him back from death’s door. With that life force and the Dracan essence flowing through him, he had barely managed to break through.
Beyond his willingness to risk everything, the stars had aligned perfectly. Perhaps this was what Grace called great luck.
“I refuse to accept this! I won’t stand for it! How can you break through? Why can’t I?” Zeus erupted in a nearly mad roar.
He knew his fate was sealed. Even without his grievous injuries, facing a terrestrial immortal in his peak form would have been hopeless.
Hera’s desperate escape attempt earlier told him everything he needed to know about his own chances.
Zeus knew he was going to die that day. He might as well vent his fury before the end.
“Maybe it’s because you’re ugly,” Dustin said matter-of-factly.
“I’ll kill you!” Zeus charged forward with a final roar. His form became a blur as he launched himself at Dustin.
Dustin simply raised one hand and made a grabbing motion through the air, freezing Zeus mid-flight, suspended and helpless.
Then, he turned to Grace beside him and asked calmly, “Live or die?”
“Die,” she replied coldly.
“Very well.”
He nodded and slowly closed his fist.
With a deafening crack, Zeus’ body burst like an overinflated balloon, exploding in a shower of gore. There were no remains left of him.
###Chapter 2579
Zeus was dead. The royal god of the Hall of Gods had rampaged through Dragonmarsh for days before finally meeting his end here. His body was utterly obliterated.
He had reached a fully developed ultimate grandmaster realm, with only a single step separating him from the realm of terrestrial immortals. Yet that single step proved to be an insurmountable chasm.
No matter how powerful he was or how deep his foundations were, he remained powerless before that final barrier. In truth, that single step had blocked his path for decades.
When Zeus learned that Dustin had successfully broken through to the next realm, it broke his spirit. Eventually, he died with bitter resentment.
“It’s finally over,” Grace said.
She breathed a sigh of relief as she gazed at Zeus’ scattered remains. The past few days of dealing with Zeus and Hera had left her mentally and physically drained.
During that time, she couldn’t afford a single mistake. She had to rely on her silver tongue to convince the two royal gods to believe her words.
What appeared simple was actually layers upon layers of calculation, where every moment tested her resolve. Any sign of weakness or guilt could have brought catastrophic disaster.
Fortunately, she succeeded in the end.
Through sheer intellect, she had bought Dustin enough time to complete his breakthrough and successfully resolve the crisis.
“I can’t thank you enough. Otherwise, I would’ve been dead,” Dustin said, turning toward Grace.
Though he was in the cave, his divine consciousness could perceive everything happening outside.
He understood clearly that his successful breakthrough and ultimate victory depended entirely on her strategic planning and desperate protection as she stalled for time.
Still, he didn’t let her down. He’d broken through at the last second and turned the tide.
“We are in the same boat. If something happens to you, I won’t fare any better, so there’s no need to be so polite,” Grace said, smiling.
“Zeus is dead, and Hera is barely hanging on. What do you need me to do next?” Dustin asked.
“Good question.” Her expression turned serious. “Although both royal gods are dead, the Hall of Gods still has operatives lying dormant in Oakvale. We need to strike immediately while they’re still reeling and root out their entire forces.”
“No problem. I’ll follow your lead from here on out,” he replied with a nod.
Their relationship had evolved beyond mere cooperation and was now bound by life and death. Why wouldn’t he trust a friend who could entrust her country’s fate and her life to him?
“You just broke through. Are you sure your body can handle it?” Grace asked.
“I’ll be fine.” Dustin smiled faintly. “I can now commune with the flow of nature. As long as the spiritual energy of nature flows, I can draw upon endless power.”
The fundamental difference between an ultimate grandmaster and a terrestrial immortal was their power source.
Ultimate grandmasters were still bound to their own internal energy reserves. The more condensed and pure that energy became, the more devastating their attacks could be.
Terrestrial immortals were different since there was no such limitation. They were no longer confined to their internal energy. Instead, they could directly use the spiritual energy of nature that flowed around them.
In other words, those who reached the terrestrial immortal realm had merged with the flow of nature. Their every movement channeled the raw forces of creation, granting them power that dwarfed even the mightiest ultimate grandmaster.
That was what made them “immortal”. In that realm, one could no longer be called mortal since they had become what countless beings would revere as immortal.
The only drawback was that excessive use of natural spiritual energy could trigger divine retribution.
Generally speaking, terrestrial immortals seldom engaged in battle because the more they fought, the more likely they were to attract divine attention and punishment.
Fortunately, Dustin had only just broken through and faced no immediate risk. Only a forced battle against someone of equal realm might invite divine punishment.
“Since you’re fine, we should strike while the iron is hot and eliminate as many threats as possible.”
Without another word, Grace immediately began dispatching her people into action. She had prepared for every contingency.
Once Dustin successfully merged with the Dracan essence and achieved his breakthrough, she could seize this opportunity to cut out all the cancerous growths that had taken root throughout Oakvale.
Her intelligence network stretched across the entire nation. Within the borders, her reach exceeded that of any government agency.
Whether it was Tristan, Matthias, Nathaniel, or even the Hall of Gods itself, they were all under her watchful eye.
In the past, she could observe and gather intelligence, but she lacked sufficient power to interfere directly. Every action required her to be cautious of unintended consequences. She had been forced to remain hidden in the shadows while biding her time.
But now the situation had changed. With Dustin, who had reached the terrestrial immortal realm, lending his aid, any resistance could be effortlessly crushed.
Not only would she target the Hall of Gods, but also the various hostile forces lurking in the darkness. All would become targets of her campaign.
Her ive was simple-to exploit this single night before the news could spread throughout the nation. She would use these precious hours to completely restructure Oakvale’s underground hierarchy.
Such a move would accomplish two goals-eliminating existing threats while strengthening her own position.
Thus, under Grace’s meticulous orchestration, a systematic purge began to unfold with Dustin serving as the primary instrument of destruction. Every underground faction within Oakvale’s borders trembled as the campaign commenced.
###Chapter 2580
Like a passing storm, it came and went in the blink of an eye. From the moment Dustin and Grace returned to Oakvale, it took only a single night for the entire underground faction structure to be completely reshuffled.
All previous forces of the Hall of Gods, including their vassals, were uprooted entirely. Hidden masters died without anyone knowing how or when.
Before Dustin, now a terrestrial immortal, any disguise or resistance proved futile and meaningless. The great purge they launched together struck fear into foreign powers while sending domestic factions into panic.
No one had anticipated such rapid escalation. Many major forces received no advance warning at all. The entire operation struck like a bolt from the blue.
This was a critical moment when Tristan was scheming to claim the position of crown prince. The mysterious emergence of such formidable power naturally inspired wariness.
In an instant, factions and intelligence agencies began mobilizing to investigate the truth behind these events.
Within the walls of an understated yet luxurious mansion, Tristan sat with a book in hand. He appeared to be reading, but his attention was elsewhere as he waited for news.
Beside him stood a plainly dressed middle-aged man named Milton Dyer. He served as both Tristan’s steward and his most trusted advisor. Whenever important matters arose, Tristan would invariably summon him to discuss them.
“Milton, I’ve heard that the Hall of Gods’ operatives throughout Oakvale have been completely uprooted by some mysterious force. Even our business interests have been affected. Have you given any thought to where this mysterious force might have originated?”
Despite his attempts to read, Tristan found himself unable to concentrate. The uncertainty gnawed at him.
“Your Highness, the events unfolded too quickly. Our people have yet to uncover any trace of who might be responsible,” Milton replied respectfully.
Since receiving word that morning, the mansion’s intelligence network had been working at full capacity. But given the scope of this mysterious force’s capabilities, uncovering the truth would clearly be no simple task.
Tristan then asked, “Do you think this emergence of this mysterious force is a blessing or a curse for us?”
He despised the unknown and felt even more uncomfortable when events spiraled beyond his control. His ongoing struggles with Matthias and Nathaniel were already taxing enough. Adding another variable to the equation might prove overwhelming.
“In my opinion, while this mysterious force poses a threat, it also presents an opportunity. If we handle the situation wisely, it might work to your advantage,” Milton analyzed.
“Oh?” Tristan raised an eyebrow. “Tell me more.”
Milton explained, “As things stand, we hold no advantage in this struggle against your two brothers. In fact, we are at a severe disadvantage. If this competition proceeds along normal lines, your chances of victory are slim. I estimate it to be less than 20%.
“The various factions have already chosen their sides. Those who would support Prince Matthias have already done so. The same goes for Prince Nathaniel’s supporters.
“It would be nearly impossible to shift these allegiances now. Under such circumstances, any attempt to turn the tide would be like trying to move mountains.
“However, the emergence of this mysterious force has presented us with an opportunity. Any group capable of uprooting the Hall of Gods’ hidden strongholds throughout Oakvale in a single night possesses tremendous power, perhaps even greater than our own.
“If we could win this force to our cause and forge an alliance with them, we would gain a significant advantage over your brothers. From a strategic standpoint, the appearance of this force represents our best possible outcome.”
Milton spoke calmly as he laid out his complete assessment.
Upon hearing that, Tristan felt his spirits lift considerably.
What did he have to fear? His position was already at risk. If he continued to play by the rules, defeat was certain. Better to take this risk and see if he could salvage some hope from desperate circumstances.
“Milton, you’ve got a point. This is our chance, and we must seize it.”
Tristan’s hands balled into fists as fire ignited in his eyes.
“Your Highness, even if you wish to make contact, we should wait for the investigation results,” Milton said calmly. “Otherwise, how can we establish communication with them?”
“We cannot wait any longer. If we delay further, we’ll lose our advantage,” Tristan said gravely.
He went on, “The intelligence network I command isn’t any better than Matthias’ or Nathaniel’s. When I receive a word, they surely receive it as well. By the time we act, it may already be too late.”
Given his resources and influence, competing directly against Matthias and Nathaniel would only put him at a disadvantage. If he wanted a chance, he had to strike first.
“Does Your Highness have another strategy in mind?” Milton asked with evident surprise.
“I wouldn’t call it a masterful plan, but I know someone who can assist me with intelligence matters.” Tristan’s eyes narrowed slightly.
“Who would that be?” Milton pressed.
“Of course, it’s my sister. The incomparably beautiful and talented Princess Grace,” Tristan said with a faint smile.
He continued, “The others may not know, but I do. She’s the one running Dragonmarsh’s most powerful intelligence network under our father’s direct orders.
“None of us brothers were ever allowed near it. Anytime something major happens inside the borders, she’s the first to know. If I can get to her, I’ll find out what this mysterious force really is.”
###Chapter 2581
“Oh, Princess Grace. I had nearly forgotten about her,” Milton murmured as he nodded thoughtfully.
Grace might have been born a woman, but she commanded Valon’s complete trust. Not only had she earned a position within the Regal Observatory, but she also secretly controlled Dragonmarsh’s most formidable intelligence network.
This intelligence organization had always served the royal family exclusively. Even those who knew of its existence dared not speak of it openly, much less interfere with its operations.
“So few neutral forces remain. If I could bring Grace into my camp, my chances of success would improve considerably.” Tristan’s eyes narrowed as he calculated the possibilities.
“Your Highness, Princess Grace is no simple opponent. Winning her allegiance would likely demand a steep price,” Milton warned.
“Recruiting her may prove difficult, but extracting information from her should be manageable enough.” A faint smile played across Tristan’s lips.
From what he understood, Grace privately sold intelligence to supplement the royal treasury. As long as someone could pay her price and the information wouldn’t harm national interests, she would part with most secrets.
“Milton, we don’t have time to waste. Get the car ready. You’re coming with me to Soluna Hall.”
Without further discussion, Tristan donned his coat and headed for the door.
Opportunities like this didn’t come twice. Whatever he could see coming, Matthias and Nathaniel would figure out soon enough, so he had to move first. Getting ahead was the only way to win, and that was the edge he needed.
An hour later, a black business sedan pulled up in front of Soluna Hall. Tristan and Milton stepped out of the vehicle one after the other.
As they approached the entrance, two guards blocked their path.
“Sorry. We don’t receive unknown guests,” the guard on the left said.
“I’m here to see your boss, Grace.” Tristan cut straight to the point.
The two guards exchanged glances, clearly surprised. Anyone who knew their boss’ actual name obviously had significant status.
“Excuse me, sir. Do you have an appointment?” The guard’s tone became considerably more respectful.
“Can’t I see her without an appointment?” Tristan removed his hat and said coolly, Tell Grace that her older brother has come to visit. Let’s find out what kind of reception she’ll give me.”
At these words, both guards’ expressions changed instantly.
“Please wait a moment,” said the same guard, and he entered the building.
Meanwhile, in the private room of Soluna Hall’s back garden, Grace was studying intelligence reports she had just collected. Beside her, Dustin leisurely sipped tea and enjoyed pastries.
After a night of intensive operations, most of the Hall of Gods operatives in Oakvale had been taken out. The few who remained were either in hiding or on the run and were no longer a threat. The cleanup would be left to the local authorities.
At that moment, someone knocked at the door.
“What is it?” Grace asked, not looking up from her intelligence materials.
“Ms. Linsor, Prince Tristan is here to see you,” came the voice of a trusted aide from outside the door.
“Hmm?” Grace finally lifted her head. ” Tristan? What does he want?”
“Unknown at present. Should I send him away?” her trusted aide inquired.
“No need. Show him to the Luna Suite. I’ll be there shortly.”
“Understood,” her trusted aide responded and quickly departed.
“Tristan showing up this early probably has something to do with the Hall of Gods operatives getting wiped out last night,” Dustin said.
“He’s had dealings with the Hall of Gods. Last night’s purge hit some of his operations hard. Sounds like he’s spooked and now he’s hoping to squeeze information out of me.” Grace smiled knowingly.
Tristan wouldn’t show up unannounced unless he needed something, and his sudden visit made his motives obvious.
“What do you plan to do?” Dustin took a small pastry from the plate and tossed it high into the air. He caught it neatly in his mouth and savored it with obvious pleasure.
He continued, “It’s your call. Either tell the truth or make excuses.”
Grace smiled faintly. “Oh, I haven’t asked you yet. Among the three princes, which one do you actually support for the throne?
“You’re asking me?” Dustin raised an eyebrow. Then, he shook his head. “I don’t support any of them.”
“Why not?” She looked puzzled.
She went on, “Now that you carry the fate of the nation and have broken through to a new realm, your power and status alone are enough to decide the throne. Whoever you back could take the crown, and you’d be the kingmaker behind it all. What could be more valuable than that?”
“To be honest, I don’t like any of your three brothers,” Dustin replied calmly.
He continued, “Tristan appears to be a gentleman, but he’s actually petty. He’ll use any means necessary for power.
“As for Matthias, don’t even get me started. He comes from a military background and acts erratically and brutally. He might make a decent general, but he’s not cut out to be a king.”
“What about Nathaniel, then? He’s a scholar and martial artist. Surely he’d be worthy?” Grace asked.
“He’s selfish, cold, and callous. Human life means nothing to him. If he takes the throne, God knows how many people in Dragonmarsh will die. Your other brothers probably wouldn’t survive either,” he replied bluntly.
“Father’s time is running short. Someone has to inherit the throne,” she said helplessly.
“Speaking of the one taking the crown, I already have the right person in mind.” Dustin suddenly smiled knowingly.
“Who?” Grace’s interest was instantly piqued.
“You.” He pointed at her.
“Me?” She froze. Many names had flashed through her mind just moments before, but she never imagined that he would choose her.
###Chapter 2582
“Dustin, you’re not joking, are you?” Grace frowned slightly. His answer had caught her completely off guard, leaving her momentarily speechless.
“How could I joke about something like this?” Dustin smiled faintly.
He went on, “Your brothers are hopeless.
They can’t shoulder this burden, but you’re different. You’ve got both brains and strength, courage and vision. And you actually care about the people. If you took the throne, you could lead Dragonmarsh to greatness.”
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Grace shook her head. “I’m merely a woman. How could I be fit to rule a nation?”
“What’s wrong with being a woman? What makes it impossible?” Dustin countered.
He continued eloquently, “Looking back over a thousand years, wasn’t there a woman who became ruler? People still speak of her with admiration to this day.”
“That’s different.” She shook her head again.
“Don’t worry about whether it’s possible-just tell me if you want it. If you do, I’ll help you make it happen. I believe under your rule, this nation would grow stronger and more prosperous,” Dustin said bluntly.
“I…” Grace frowned slightly.
The thought had crossed her mind before, but she’d quickly dismissed it as unrealistic.
Regardless of her capabilities or worthiness, her gender alone made the throne impossible to claim. The prejudices of the nation ran deeper than any river, and gender often mattered more than ability when it came to matters of succession.
The people of Dragonmarsh would never accept a queen regnant. The legendary Queen Morwyn had been a singular figure in history-a once-in-a-millennium ruler impossible to replicate.
In the kingdom’s entire history, she remained the sole woman to hold sovereign power. What hubris would it take for Grace to even dream of following in those footsteps?
“You don’t have to answer me now. Think it over carefully, and decide when you’re ready. Whatever you choose, I’ll stand with you. Whoever you support, I’ll support.” Dustin made his stance clear.
He had never been one to meddle in affairs that weren’t his concern. If forced to choose among the princes, he would rather choose no one at all. He raised this topic only because he truly believed Grace would make an exceptional ruler.
“I’m going to see Tristan.” She didn’t say anything else, nodded, and left the room.
She was far from being a selfless saint without desires of her own. She burned with ambition, but hers was a nobler fire, one that centered on the nation and its people. For these noble goals, she had made countless sacrifices and shouldered tremendous burdens.
Whether running the intelligence network or risking her life alongside Dustin, everything she did served the greater good. She had always been content to work from the shadows and pull strings behind the scenes.
But now, Dustin’s words stirred something within her heart. Should she truly reach for the throne herself?
Inside the Luna Suite, Tristan sat quietly, gazing at the steam rising from his untouched tea. Behind him, Milton stood quietly with his head bowed and hands at his sides.
Just then, the door suddenly swung open, and Grace entered with a bright smile.
Tristan immediately rose to greet her, displaying proper deference. After all, he needed her help, and naturally, he had to stay humble.
“Tristan, you wouldn’t visit without good reason. What brings you here so early in the morning?” she asked.
She gestured for him to sit, then settled into the chair across from him.
“Since we’re siblings, I won’t beat around the bush.” Tristan cleared his throat. “You must have heard about last night’s upheaval in Dragonmarsh’s underground factions?”
“Of course.” Grace nodded. “The foreign elements led by the Hall of Gods have all been purged. For Dragonmarsh, it’s actually a good thing.”
“You control the largest intelligence network in Dragonmarsh. It shouldn’t be difficult for you to investigate this matter thoroughly, right?” he pressed.
“What’s got you so curious all of a sudden? Could it be that the reshuffle of the underground factions has caused you to suffer dearly?” She raised an eyebrow.
“I wouldn’t say dearly, though there’s been some impact. My main concern is that this mysterious force appeared too suddenly. Without understanding who they are, I fear they could pose a threat to our nation. It weighs heavily on my mind.”
Tristan’s words sounded noble. He spoke of serving the country’s interests while harboring his own hidden agenda.
“I see.” Grace smiled. “Your noble service to the nation and people sets the example we all aspire to.”
“Ha! I wouldn’t dare claim to be an example. I’m simply doing what I can.” He waved his hand dismissively with a laugh.
“Very well then. Since you’ve asked, I’ll have my people look into this matter thoroughly,” she agreed without hesitation.
“If I may ask. How long might such an investigation take?”
“It’s hard to say. I’ll notify you the moment we learn anything.” Grace’s answer remained deliberately vague.
“Fair enough.” Tristan nodded thoughtfully. “Though I’d prefer this matter remain between us. No need to complicate things unnecessarily.”
“Of course.” She smiled in acknowledgment.
“Great. I won’t take up any more of your time. Farewell.”
With that, he rose from his seat.
“Tristan, I’ll walk you out.”
Grace gestured toward the entrance and walked alongside him as they left Soluna Hall.
She didn’t let her smile drop until his car had disappeared down the road. Just as she’d expected, he’d come because of last night’s incident.
Now that Tristan had shown up, it was only a matter of time before Matthias and Nathaniel followed. She couldn’t help but think this had turned into a mess.
###Chapter 2583
It was midday at the Mosey mansion, and Seamus was sipping tea and reading in the garden after lunch.
Just then, an aide approached him and reported, “Sir Mosey, Prince Matthias is here to see you.”
“Show him in,” Seamus replied with a nod.
He didn’t look surprised, as if he had been expecting his visit.
“Yes, sir,” the aide acknowledged, then left quickly.
Moments later, Matthias walked briskly into the back garden.
“Uncle Seamus! Something major happened in Oakvale last night,” he exclaimed before he’d even settled into a chair.
“What could prompt such concern from you, Your Highness?” Seamus asked as he set aside his book and smiled.
“Some underground forces led by the Hall of Gods were eliminated last night. Even my businesses were severely affected,” Matthias said with a grave expression.
He went on, “What’s most troubling is how suddenly it all happened. I didn’t receive any news in advance. Despite multiple investigations afterward, nothing turned up. I’m utterly baffled about who’s behind this, which is why I’ve come hoping you might shed some light on the matter.”
“I have also heard about last night’s upheaval,” Seamus replied calmly.
He nodded thoughtfully before adding, ” You’re right. Whoever eliminated the Hall of Gods is shrouded in mystery. Even with all my channels, I haven’t been able to uncover a single lead.”
“How can this be happening?” Matthias frowned. “At this pivotal moment in the succession struggle, this mysterious figure with terrifying capabilities has suddenly emerged. I can’t tell if this works in my favor or against me.”
He was competing with Nathaniel and Tristan through both open rivalry and covert scheming, as each prince built their network of influence and formed alliances. Though the outcome was far from certain, at least their methods were all within expected parameters.
However, the sudden appearance of that mysterious figure had increased the unpredictability. The fact that he could wipe out the Hall of Gods and multiple factions in a single night was beyond comprehension.
Even if Matthias went all in and threw caution to the wind, he doubted he could achieve that level of destruction.
“There are upsides and downsides to this,” Seamus said calmly.
He continued, “If this person has no interest in the power struggle, then his presence won’t affect us much. Conversely, should he choose to involve himself in the fight for power, whichever prince gains his support would possess an overwhelming advantage.”
“You mean we need to find out whether this person intends to join our side?”
Matthias caught on quickly.
“First, uncover his identity. Then, figure out his intentions, and finally adapt our strategy accordingly,” Seamus advised.
“You don’t seem nervous, Uncle Seamus.
Do you already have a plan in mind?”
Matthias looked bewildered.
After such a massive purge, Seamus was unnervingly calm. There wasn’t a trace of worry in his expression. Either his mental discipline was unmatched, or he had already devised a countermeasure.
“Does nervousness solve problems? Everything must be handled with a clear head. Sometimes we have to accept what fate puts in front of us.” Seamus smiled faintly.
He had weathered storms far greater than that. After surviving countless brushes with death, his will was unshakable. Even if the sky were falling, he wouldn’t so much as flinch. A little disruption like that hardly warranted concern.
“I don’t believe in fate. I only believe in myself,” Matthias said, clenching a fist. ” I’ll crush whoever stands in my way.”
Seamus replied calmly, “Ambition is a good thing, Your Highness. But when you’re up against a stronger enemy, sometimes the smart move is to back down.
“Remember the old tales about a king who endured hardship to achieve his revenge. It means a setback isn’t the end. As long as you’re alive, you still have a chance to turn things around.”
“Your principles don’t mean much to me. I only follow one creed-either I take the throne or I fall trying,” Matthias said.
He’d been practicing martial arts from a young age and excelled at combat. Anyone who stood in his way would be killed. To him, that was a straightforward, no-nonsense, and practical method.
“Very well. I have no right to dictate your choices, but I might have some insight to offer regarding the question you brought up earlier.” Seamus changed the subject.
“Oh? Let’s hear it.” Matthias perked up.
“Think about it. Across Dragonmarsh, who has enough power to wipe out the Hall of Gods’ entire forces in a single night, without leaking a single word?” Seamus asked.
“This…” Matthias frowned slightly.
After pondering for a while, he replied, ” Could Father be behind this?”
Seamus shook his head. “The King is on his deathbed and doesn’t have much time left. Where would he find the strength for such schemes?”
“If not him, then who else could it be?” Matthias grew even more puzzled. ”
Tristan and Nathaniel don’t have that kind of ability. If they did, I wouldn’t even stand a chance against them.”
He knew his two brothers well. Though each had backing from powerful factions, neither could possibly deceive every watchful eye in the nation.
Seamus said, “Let me give you another hint. What made last night’s purge successful wasn’t the strength of whoever was behind it, but rather the exceptional nature of their intelligence organization.
“They managed to hide from every faction’s surveillance throughout the entire operation. That’s what makes it truly terrifying.”
“Intelligence organization?” Matthias asked. He froze briefly before the realization suddenly hit him. “Uncle Seamus, are you suggesting… Grace was behind this?”
The largest intelligence organization in Dragonmarsh belonged to the royal family. It was initially under Valon’s control, but he later transferred it to Grace.
Since she wasn’t affiliated with any political faction and was a woman who posed no threat to the throne, her father placed absolute trust in her.
Over the years, the intelligence network under her command had grown far beyond what anyone could track, least of all Matthias.
But he was certain that if anyone could uncover the true mastermind behind the upheaval, it was Grace. Yet, he couldn’t dismiss the possibility that she might be the one behind it.
###Chapter 2584
A chill crept down Matthias’ spine at the thought. If the mastermind behind the purge was Grace, then the situation had taken a dire turn.
As a staunch royalist, she had never involved herself in government politics.
Her unexpected involvement and the massive disruption it caused raised alarming questions.
What could she possibly be plotting? Had she already chosen a side? Did she know their father’s days were numbered and decide to secure her future?
The more Matthias pondered these possibilities, the more his heart raced with dread.
Grace commanded an intelligence organization with immense resources and networks. She could easily cut off his sources and deny him access to vital information. If that happened, he would find himself at a severe disadvantage before the succession battle even began.
Seamus said calmly, “Your focus has always been on your two brothers. You see them as enemies and spend all your time competing against them and trying to bring them down.
“But you never thought about the Princess of Ariella, who had been silently building her network behind the scenes. Now she has enough influence to shift the entire political landscape.”
Before last night’s great purge, Seamus had never given Grace a second thought either. To him, she had always maintained such a low profile in daily affairs.
She never displayed any ambition and consistently served the crown loyally. Plus, she also avoided conflicts, never took sides, and didn’t attract anyone’s attention. It was as if she didn’t even exist.
It wasn’t until last night that this invisible figure finally revealed her true capabilities. Only then did Seamus realize that among all the competing princes, such a remarkable woman of both wisdom and courage had been hidden in plain sight.
“Who would’ve thought Grace was so shrewd?” Matthias frowned. “Uncle Seamus, what should we do now? She seems like she’s up to something.”
“Regardless of her intentions, you must contact her,” Seamus said calmly. “Start by gathering intelligence, then get to know her, and finally figure out how to win her over.
“No matter how much influence she wields or how exceptional her abilities are, she won’t threaten your position. What you should be worried about is whether she’ll throw her support behind another prince.”
As a woman, Grace could never inherit the throne. But with the influence she had, she possessed the ability to reshape the political landscape entirely. That made her a force they couldn’t afford to ignore.
“Got it. I’ll see to it immediately,”
Matthias responded with a nod and left without saying anything else.
He had always been a man of action. Once he set his sights on a goal, he would achieve it by any means necessary.
“Godfather…” Anders began.
As soon as Matthias left, he stepped into the garden. He had been eavesdropping by the door and already understood the situation at hand.
“What is it?” Seamus raised an eyebrow slightly.
“It seems you’re already aware of last night’s incident in Oakvale. I’m concerned that if Matthias handles this poorly and makes the wrong move, what then?”
Anders asked with a grave expression.
He went on, “One wrong move at a time like this could ruin everything. I just don’t trust someone as reckless as him.”
Seamus smiled as he asked, “And what brilliant strategy do you propose?”
“I believe we shouldn’t put all our eggs in one basket,” Anders said, lowering his voice. “Though Matthias commands great influence, he’s still a brute. Going up against Nathaniel won’t be easy. If he fails, we’ll be dragged down with him.”
“Great rewards demand great sacrifices. In the fight for the throne, risk is inevitable,” Seamus replied evenly.
“I understand this principle,” Anders said. “I admit that brute Matthias is easier to control. If he takes the throne, we’ll have a tighter grip on power and a bigger share of the rewards.
“However, the risks are equally high. If he fails, our entire family will fall with him. It’s risky to bet everything on this brutish fool. If possible, we should explore another option.”
“What option are you proposing?” Seamus pressed.
Anders explained with growing enthusiasm, “It’s simple. You maintain your support for Matthias without changing your stance, while I pursue separate allegiance with Nathaniel.
“That way, we’ll be covered no matter who takes the crown. We hedge our bets instead of risking everything.”
“There’s some merit to that reasoning, but how can you gain Nathaniel’s trust?” Seamus asked as he took a sip from his teacup.
He went on, “You know better than anyone how cautious he is. You’re my adopted son, and I’m supporting Matthias. What makes you think Nathaniel would trust you, let alone appoint you to a key role?”
“Earning his trust isn’t that hard. I already have a plan, though it requires your complete cooperation, Godfather,” Anders said with a smile.
“Oh? Let’s hear it. What do you need me to do?” Seamus looked interested.
“It’s simple. We stage a falling-out, then you disown me publicly. This will sever our bond entirely. It won’t affect your standing with Matthias, nor will it hinder my approach to Nathaniel,” Anders explained.
“It appears you’ve planned this thoroughly. If I refused to support you now, I would seem unreasonable,” Seamus said thoughtfully.
“Godfather, please don’t misunderstand. I’d never betray you,” Anders declared earnestly.
He went on, “You raised me all these years, so your kindness means everything to me, and I’ll never forget it. This plan is designed solely to secure a retreat for you. If you find it unsuitable, then forget I ever spoke these words.”
“Relax. I’m not questioning your loyalty.” Seamus chuckled. “Your proposal has merit. I do need a fallback plan, so we’ll proceed as you suggest. Handle it however you see fit.”
Upon hearing that, Anders’s face brightened with joy. “Thank you, Godfather.”
###Chapter 2585
“Anders, you’re intelligent and gifted in both warfare and strategy, with a promising future,” Seamus said. “One day, all my authority and assets will be handed to you.
“You’re more than ready to handle things on your own now. I trust you know what you should and shouldn’t do.
“I’m getting old, and there’s nothing much I can do for you. However, I must remind you to think twice before acting and never outsmart yourself. Understand?”
He looked at Anders and offered his heartfelt advice.
“I’ll never forget your words, Godfather,” Anders said respectfully..
“Good. Make your arrangements, and I’ll play my part in staging this falling-out. From here on, you’ll have to tread your own path,” Seamus said and waved him off.
“I won’t let you down,” Anders promised, then turned to leave.
As soon as he walked out the door, his lips curved into a faint smirk.
Though he was known throughout Oakvale as the Veros Warrior, he had always lived in Seamus’ shadow. No matter how many victories he’d won or what titles he’d earned, outsiders always saw him as the man dependent on his godfather’s influence.
If Seamus had stepped down early and granted him full control of the Moseys’ forces and assets, Anders wouldn’t have harbored such resentment. Instead, he would’ve honored Seamus and fulfilled every duty as a loyal godson.
However, Seamus still maintained his iron grip on authority and had no intention of stepping down. His secret support of Matthias revealed just how far he was willing to go.
This was his bid for ultimate power and to become the kingmaker who controlled rulers from the shadows. Years of lying low hadn’t dulled that ambition in the slightest, and his thirst for power was as relentless as ever.
Anders knew he wouldn’t rise on his own merit if he were still under Seamus’ command. Therefore, he had to find a way to break free from Seamus’ control and forge his own path. Coincidentally, that unpredictable situation gave him the perfect opportunity and excuse.
He had no confidence in Matthias, who was nothing but a brute, while he trusted Nathaniel’s calculated and shrewd nature. That belief motivated his risky proposal for the staged falling-out.
Anders genuinely wanted to create a fallback plan, but he also saw a chance to break free and carve out his destiny.
If he helped Nathaniel seize the throne, he’d be counted among his earliest allies. A governorship would follow naturally, which was far preferable to staying in the Moseys under Seamuss’ thumb.
“Godfather, don’t blame me for choosing a better master. You brought this on yourself with your greed. After all these years, you’re still clinging to power. If you won’t step aside, how are those of us in the next generation supposed to build legacies of our own?” Anders muttered.
Outside the gate, he cast one final glance at the Mosey mansion before entering his car and driving off.
Anders didn’t think he had done anything wrong. After all, he just wanted to seek better opportunities for himself. There was nothing unusual about that.
Meanwhile, Nathaniel was at his mansion.
“What? The royal god Zeus is dead?” he exclaimed.
In the meeting room, he listened to his trusted aide’s report. His eyes widened in shock as he asked, “What happened? How could one of the world’s top powerhouses possibly be dead? Are you certain this information is accurate?”
Just days ago, Zeus had wreaked havoc in Oakvale and nearly threatened his life. Fortunately, Nathaniel had acted quickly and redirected the trouble toward Matthias.
That move not only extricated him from danger but also allowed him to suppress Matthias’ forces and pressure them to reveal their trump cards.
The outcome had been quite favorable for Nathaniel. He had even been contemplating whether he could leverage Zeus’ power again to eliminate his enemies.
Even so, he hadn’t anticipated starting the day with news of the royal god’s death. The revelation was nothing short of staggering.
“Your Highness, we’ve double-checked the information and can confirm the information is accurate,” Calder, his trusted aide, replied, lowering his head.
He went on, “It’s not just Zeus. Even Hera has also mysteriously disappeared without a trace. Given the circumstances, it’s likely she didn’t survive either.”
“How is this even possible?” Nathaniel frowned. “Two royal gods-one is dead and the other is missing. What in the world is going on?”
Calder replied, “Your Highness, there’s more. Besides the two royal gods being taken out, Oakvale’s underground forces underwent a major purge last night.
“Some mysterious force eliminated foreign forces led by the Hall of Gods. Several of our business operations were impacted. We’ve suffered a substantial loss.
“What?” Nathaniel’s face paled with shock. “Foreign forces were purged, and even our businesses were affected? Who’s behind this?”
Everything had been fine just two days ago. But when he woke up that morning, he felt like his whole world was falling apart.
“This force appeared out of nowhere. Not a single piece of intel surfaced throughout the entire operation. Our intelligence division can’t find so much as a thread to follow,” Calder replied.
“Incompetent fools! Every last one of you, “Nathaniel barked.
He slammed his fist against the table and continued, “Something this catastrophic happens, and not a single one of you saw it coming? Why did I even hire you?”
The sudden emergence of such a powerful, mysterious force in Oakvale was definitely not good news for him. If that force could effortlessly eliminate the Hall of Gods and other major factions, what would happen if they turned their attention to him? The consequences would be catastrophic.
“Please calm down, Your Highness. Our men are investigating with utmost urgency. I’m confident we’ll have answers soon,” Calder said, dropping to his knees in terror.
“If I have to rely on a bunch of incompetent fools, I’ll be dead before sunrise,” Nathaniel spat coldly. “Get the car. I’m going to the Spanner residence.”
###Chapter 2586
After getting in the car, Nathaniel headed straight to the Spanner estate. His mother, Cynthia, was a direct descendant of the Spanners. Her family’s influence in Oakvale rivaled that of the Moseys, perhaps even surpassing it.
The patriarch of the Spanners, Conan Spanner, was Nathaniel’s uncle. Two decades ago, he was renowned as a scholar and a warrior. Though he had withdrawn from the public, his legacy lived on through his children.
His son Adam bore the title God of Military, while his daughter Scarlet was known as the Goddess of War. Both had achieved legendary status among their generation. They commanded large numbers of armies, and their futures seemed limitless.
With such prodigious talent within their ranks, the Spanner family had risen to unprecedented heights. Their growing influence now threatened to eclipse even the mighty Moseys.
It was this formidable backing that gave Nathaniel the confidence to contend for the throne. Since he was facing such momentous circumstances, he knew he must seek Conan’s help.
Half an hour later, a car pulled up to the gates of the Spanner estate.
After stepping out of the vehicle, Nathaniel walked toward the meeting room without anyone stopping him.
Conan had earlier received news of his arrival and was already waiting inside.
He was a broad-shouldered man with a strong jaw. His rugged features still carried a certain charm. Even though he was over 50, he still possessed a distinctive charisma.
“Uncle Conan,” Nathaniel called as he stepped through the doors. “Something major happened in Oakvale last night.
Have you heard anything about it?”
“Nathaniel, you’re a grown man in your 20s, yet you’re still this impatient. Can’t you hold yourself together?” Conan gave him a sidelong glance with a calm expression.
“But this is a serious matter,” Nathaniel said as he dropped into the chair beside Conan. “My people are useless, so I had no choice but to come to you for help.”
Conan shook his head slowly. “I’ve heard whispers of what you speak, but I’m afraid there’s nothing I can do.”
“Nothing you can do?” Nathaniel’s eyes widened in disbelief. “Uncle Conan, I’m your nephew. Who will help me if you won’t?”
“It’s not that I won’t help you,” Conan replied in an even tone. “It’s that I can’t. I’ve had my men look into it since the news broke just after midnight, but the results have been disappointing. Perhaps it’s best not to dig any deeper.”
“Uncle Conan, this mysterious force suddenly appeared out of nowhere. If we don’t get to the bottom of it, it will be a major threat to us. I can’t even sleep peacefully at night,” Nathaniel said with a frown.
How could he allow another to sleep soundly? Anyone who might influence his claim to the throne needed to be investigated thoroughly.
He had to know whether that mysterious force was a threat or not. Only then could he shore up his defenses and find peace of mind. If something unexpected happened, there’d be no time for regret.
“Nathaniel, have you considered this? Whoever is behind that clearly doesn’t want to be found since they’ve gone to great lengths to stay hidden.
“Sometimes it’s better not to dig too deep. But if you keep pushing and they catch wind of it, you’ll only stir up trouble you didn’t need,” Conan said.
“I get what you’re saying. But given how far things have progressed, I cannot simply ignore what has happened,” Nathaniel replied seriously.
He went on, “At this point, I have no way out. I have to manage every risk and bring everything back under control.”
“So you won’t give up until you get the answers today?” Conan raised an eyebrow.
“You’re right,” Nathaniel replied without hesitation. “Whether you help me or not, I’m going to get to the bottom of this.”
“Very well. Since you’ve made up your mind, I won’t try to stop you. I’ll give you a lead. If you want the full story, you better ask the Princess of Ariella,” Conan suggested.
“The Princess of Ariella?” Nathaniel was momentarily taken aback before he remembered. “You mean Grace?”
“From your expression, it seems you don’t pay much attention to your sister. You don’t even know her official title.” Conan shook his head in exasperation.
“Uncle Conan, stop teasing me. What does she have to do with this?” Nathaniel looked puzzled.
“Your sister controls the largest intelligence organization in Oakvale. You still think this has nothing to do with her?” Conan said irritably.
He went on, “There was a massive operation last night, so how do you think it could be covered up without the princess’ intelligence organization’s involvement?”
“Are you saying she is the person behind all this?” Nathaniel asked with a frown.” But how is that possible? She’s just a woman. Even if she controls the organization, she couldn’t have the ability to destroy the Hall of Gods’ hidden forces in Oakvale overnight.”
Zeus had fallen, Hera had vanished, and the Hall of Gods’ various faction forces had been wiped out. Such thorough destruction was clearly impossible to achieve through an intelligence organization alone and required an overwhelming military force.
“I don’t know how Grace did it, but I’m certain she’s involved. Even if she’s not the mastermind, she’s at least the accomplice. That’s why I’m telling you to talk to her yourself. See if you can get anything out of her,” Conan said.
“I see.” Nathaniel nodded thoughtfully. ” Uncle Conan, I know what I need to do now. Thank you for your guidance. I’ll take my leave.”
After getting his answer, he didn’t linger. He bid farewell and left immediately.
“When will he finally learn to stand on his own?” Conan sighed.
He couldn’t even handle such a trivial matter and had to come asking for help. Was a prince like that really fit to inherit the throne?
###Chapter 2587
That afternoon in a private room of Soluna Hall, events unfolded exactly as Grace had anticipated.
After dealing with Tristan in the morning and Matthias at midday, Nathaniel now appeared before her. Within one day, all three of the most powerful princes came to see her one after another.
Tristan had asked her to investigate the mastermind behind the recent events, while Matthias had inquired whether she was that mastermind. As for Nathaniel, he was probing to see if a hidden master was backing her.
All three harbored the same suspicions, though each focused on different aspects of the mystery.
Grace could only choose to deflect with vague responses and stall for time. She didn’t give any clear responses to any of them. She was aware that such matters couldn’t be admitted. Otherwise, that would only invite more trouble down the line.
She naturally understood that no matter how carefully the news was contained, eventually it would leak out. In just a few more days, she bet her brothers would likely piece everything together.
Grace let out a weary sigh, sensing the dull throb of an approaching headache. Her original plan was to take advantage of Dustin’s breakthrough, then attack the unprepared Hall of Gods forces and wipe them out in a single coordinated strike.
Her plan had succeeded, but it had also brought her a new problem.
She had previously kept a low profile, quietly developing her strength and making money discreetly. But now, she had thrust herself into the spotlight, where avoiding attention was impossible.
“What could possibly trouble the Princess of Ariella? Seeing you sigh like this is quite the novelty,” Dustin said from behind her.
Grace turned and said helplessly, “Please don’t tease me right now. I’m dealing with a headache because my three brothers’ eyes are on me now. Nothing but trouble awaits.”
“Let them be,” he said with a grin. “You’ve kept a low profile long enough. Maybe it’s time they see what you’re really capable of.
She shook her head. “I prefer to make my money on the down-low. I’d rather avoid the whole power struggle if possible.”
“Your passiveness won’t protect you from other people’s ambitions. They will come for your piece of the pie eventually,” Dustin said as he sat leisurely and picked up a pastry.
He went on, “Have you considered what happens when one of your three brothers takes the throne? None of them will allow you to control such a big intelligence organization.
“They’ll strip away everything you’ve built, regardless of whether you resist. Worse yet, they might even place you under house arrest with constant surveillance.”
Grace fell silent at those words.
These possibilities had crossed her mind before. Under Valon’s reign, she could wield power with confidence and use her authority to serve both her country and her father. But once a new ruler ascended, her protected position would crumble.
At that time, her authority would be stripped away, and the intelligence organization would also be reshuffled. Still, she could live with that since she had never been one to crave power.
Grace was aware that even surrendering everything might not guarantee her safety because her mere existence would threaten the new ruler.
Based on her understanding of her three brothers, house arrest would be a merciful alternative. It was better than them fabricating charges to throw her in prison or simply making her disappear entirely.
She wasn’t being cynical about human nature after having witnessed too much darkness and understood the true character of rulers. Throughout history, most rulers have been regarded as heartless and untrustworthy.
“Ms. Linsor!”
Just then, a trusted aide suddenly knocked on the door and entered with a grave expression.
“We just received a report that there’s been an outbreak of plague in Ashen Coast. It’s spreading rapidly, and many civilians have already fallen ill.”
“A plague?” Grace frowned upon hearing that. “Ashen Coast has always been peaceful with no wars or conflicts. How could a plague suddenly appear there?”
“According to our investigation, this plague may be connected to the Skull Covenant from 30 years ago,” the aide replied.
“The Skull Covenant?” Grace’s expression changed. “I thought they were wiped out. Don’t tell me there are still remnants alive. 11
Back when Valon was still a prince 30 years ago, the Skull Covenant was causing chaos everywhere, so he was ordered to lead an expedition. He brought 200,000 troops into the Ashen Coast, sealed bridges and blocked roads, and besieged the Skull Covenant for three whole months.
Over 10,000 Skull Covenant followers and hundreds of core members were killed, which left the guild permanently crippled.
Afterward, Valon dispatched numerous elite squads to hunt down the remaining Skull Covenant remnants throughout the land. His goal was to eliminate the threat once and for all.
Since then, they had vanished entirely from the world. For 30 years, they had never heard any news about them.
However, Grace never expected that at this critical moment, the Skull Covenant that had been destroyed 30 years ago would rise from the ashes and begin causing trouble in the Ashen Coast again.
“We need more time to investigate the specific situation. Right now, the plague continues to spread, and we must find a way to contain it. Otherwise, more than a dozen cities in the Ashen Coast will be affected,” the aide warned.
“Organize personnel immediately and use every resource at our disposal. We must control this plague and minimize casualties,” Grace ordered.
She didn’t say much and tossed her badge to her trusted aide.
“Yes, ma’am,” the aide acknowledged and departed swiftly.
“Dustin, it looks like we have trouble,” Grace said with a frown.
She continued, “The Skull Covenant has risen from the ashes and begun secretly causing chaos again. Who knows how many people will die this time?”
“The Skull Covenant?” Dustin’s eyes narrowed slightly. He found the timing of their return felt too convenient to be coincidental.
###Chapter 2588
Grace explained, “The Skull Covenant is pure evil. They sacrifice human lives and commune with death itself. Wherever they go, they leave nothing but ruin.
“It was their heyday 30 years ago. They had hundreds of core members and over 10,000 followers. They were all masters of the dark arts and posed an enormous threat.
“30 years ago, they nearly conquered the entire Ashen Coast and threatened the stability of our nation. Later, my grandfather ordered my father to lead 200,000 troops in an extermination campaign.
“It took three months to annihilate them.
Afterward, my father established an intelligence and assassination organization to hunt down any remnants because he vowed to erase them from existence.
“It took several years to root out every last remnant of the Skull Covenant. I thought we’d wiped them out for good. Still, I never imagined that 30 years later, these evil monsters would return.”
Grace’s expression grew stern as she frowned slightly. Just when she thought one crisis was ending, another began.
She still had pressing matters to handle, and now the evil Skull Covenant had emerged again. How could she not feel troubled?
“I’ve heard rumors about them as well,” Dustin said thoughtfully. “They worship dark gods and are brutally violent. Every year, they’d offer mass sacrifices in its name. Sounds like this plague is just another one of their rituals.”
“These bastards just won’t stay dead. I don’t understand why anyone would join such a cult.” Grace sighed.
“People who join cults are either mindless or consumed by greed. Their mindset defies all rational thought,” Dustin said, and shook his head.
What sane person would join the Skull Covenant, knowing it was a death sentence?
“Regardless, we need to control this plague first,” she said with a grave expression. “Your medical skills are exceptional. Would you accompany me to Ashen Coast to minimize casualties?”
“As a citizen of Dragonmarsh, I naturally cannot refuse such a duty,” he replied with a nod.
“Excellent! Saving lives is urgent, so we’ll leave now,” Grace said.
She immediately ordered her people to arrange transportation. They boarded a vehicle and headed straight for the airport.
Ashen Coast was approximately 1,900 miles from Oakvale. Even flying by private jet, it was still a grueling day-long journey.
While Dustin and Grace headed to Ashen Coast, three golden decrees were issued in Aylka from the throne hall. Then, elite courier squads delivered them in three different directions.
Within an hour, Tristan, Nathaniel, and Matthias had received their golden decrees along with secret edicts. Though the decrees were identical, each prince’s secret instructions differed slightly.
After reading their edicts, all three princes departed immediately. They gathered their trusted retainers and set out for the Ashen Coast with unprecedented urgency.
The content of the secret edicts was deceptively simple-there was an outbreak of plague in Ashen Coast, and it required swift intervention. Each prince would govern a different city, and whoever successfully contained the outbreak while minimizing civilian casualties would receive a royal commendation.
Typically, such a relief mission would be handled through standard administrative channels. Under normal circumstances, there would’ve been no need for such secrecy, let alone golden decrees.
The extraordinary measures indicated that this was more than a simple rescue operation. Instead, it was meant to test the princes.
During that critical period of succession, every small event within Aylka’s palace had far-reaching consequences throughout the kingdom.
Valon’s decision to issue golden decrees and secret edicts in response to this plague outbreak clearly demonstrated the weight he placed on the situation.
Tristan, Nathaniel, and Matthias understood what was at stake. Whoever handled that crisis most effectively would prove their worth to their father. The journey to Ashen Coast would prove decisive in determining the next heir to the throne.
The princes departed for Ashen Coast immediately after receiving their secret edict as they raced against each other to gain every possible advantage.
The first to arrive would hold the initiative, and whoever contained the plague most swiftly while minimizing civilian casualties would return to Oakvale to receive royal commendation. This mission represented the opening gambit in their competition for the throne.
Around 8:00 pm, Dustin and Grace’s plane touched down in Reedcrest, the transportation hub of the Ashen Coast. This bustling city had earned the grim distinction of being where the plague was first discovered.
They had to contain the outbreak there first. If panic spread and people scattered in all directions, the entire Ashen Coast would descend into chaos.
After disembarking, Dustin and Grace entered a waiting black sedan.
In the passenger seat sat a woman dressed in a crisp black uniform. She was strikingly beautiful yet carried herself with unmistakable authority-this was Sadie Lennox, the intelligence chief Grace had stationed in Ashen Coast.
“Ms. Linsor, we’ve sealed off the infected village where the outbreak started. Currently, 23 people are infected. We’ve managed to keep the news from leaking,” Sadie reported while handing over a thick folder.
The documents contained detailed profiles of every infected individual, including family backgrounds, personal relationships, recent contacts, and their travel history.
The thoroughness of their intelligence gathering in such a short time frame was remarkable. It was clearly the work of exceptional operatives.
Grace skimmed through the reports before asking, “Who was infected first among these people?”
“A man named Callan Banks,” Sadie replied. “I’ve assigned guards to watch him closely.”
“Arrange a meeting. I need to speak with him personally,” Grace ordered.
If the outbreak’s source could be traced back to Callan, it would prove he had likely made contact with the Skull Covenant. There was even a chance he was one of them.
###Chapter 2589
The vehicle sped down the road. After more than an hour’s drive from the airport, Dustin and Grace finally arrived at the source of the outbreak-Ashwillow Village.
It was located on the outskirts of Reedcrest, bordering Harbortown, with a population of 300 residents.
Every road into the village had been barricaded. All residents were confined to their homes under orders to cooperate with the ongoing investigation. At the same time, the 23 people who had contracted the plague had been quarantined together under strict military supervision to avoid any mishaps.
When Dustin and Grace arrived at Ashwillow Village, it was already 9:30 pm. Their vehicle stopped in front of a two-story house with a courtyard.
Its perimeter bristling with hastily installed surveillance equipment and guarded by a full squad of soldiers who wore medical masks over their faces.
The security protocols demanded that every person entering or leaving the premises undergo thorough decontamination procedures. It was to create an atmosphere of strict containment that left no room for error.
“Ms. Linsor, put this on.”
Before they even stepped out of the car, Sadie handed medical masks to Grace and Dustin.
“Sure.” Grace nodded and took the mask, slipping it over her face.
“I don’t need one. Thanks, though,’ Dustin politely declined.
His body was naturally immune to all poisons, and now that he had broken through to the next realm, he had even less reason to worry about such threats. Even the ten deadliest poisons in the martial world couldn’t harm him, let alone a mere plague.
“Mr. Rhys, this outbreak is spreading fast and should not be taken lightly. For your safety, you really should wear the mask,” Sadie urged.
“He’s a skilled doctor,” Grace said calmly. ” If he says he doesn’t need to wear it, then he doesn’t. Let’s go inside.”
She didn’t offer much explanation. After calling out to the others, she walked into the courtyard.
Though Sadie was puzzled, she didn’t press further. She understood Grace’s personality well. When the princess made a call, she was rarely wrong about anything.
The three made their way through the courtyard and into the house. They passed through the living room before reaching the bedroom, where they found a man lying on the bed.
He appeared to be in his early 30s with an extremely gaunt frame, and his entire body was strapped down so he couldn’t move.
His cheeks were flushed red as he breathed heavily, clearly running a high fever, while red rashes were on his arms, neck, and face. Those were the unmistakable symptoms of the plague.
“Dustin, take a look at his condition first,” Grace said, turning her head toward him.
He nodded and stepped forward to examine the patient.
The man’s vital signs were extremely weak, and the plague symptoms were already clearly visible on his body. At that rate, he would be dead within two or three days.
“Yes, it’s definitely the plague. The man is barely conscious. He’s not going to hold on much longer.” Dustin quickly delivered his diagnosis.
“Can he still be saved?” Grace asked with a grave expression.
Looking at Callan’s condition, he obviously couldn’t answer questions normally. They would need to save his life first and relieve his symptoms before conducting any proper questioning.
Dustin nodded and replied, “He can be treated, but it will take some effort.”
“Whatever you need, just say the word. I’ll have people arrange it immediately,” Grace replied.
“The plague toxins have reached critical levels. His body is burning from the inside out-high fever, dehydration, severe headaches, and internal bleeding with skin lesions,” he said matter-of-factly.
He went on, “I have a prescription that can neutralize the toxins and cool his system. It should stabilize him temporarily. After that, I’ll use acupuncture to restore his energy flow. He should regain consciousness by tomorrow morning.”
“Thank you so much.” She breathed a sigh of relief.
She had truly feared that he might say the case was untreatable. That would have made the situation extremely serious.
The plague itself spreads incredibly fast. Without proper medicine to control the symptoms, it would inevitably cause massive casualties.
Grace felt that bringing Dustin here this time was absolutely the right decision.
“I’m just doing what parts,” he replied tersely.
He immediately fetched paper and pen, scrawled out a prescription, and handed it to her.
Grace took it and thrust it toward Sadie, who was standing behind her. “Get someone to fetch these herbs now,” she ordered.
“Got it,” Sadie responded with a respectful gesture before hurrying away.
The situation demanded immediate action, as every moment saved in controlling the plague could prevent countless deaths. Within an hour, all the medicinal herbs Dustin required had been delivered.
Next was the brewing process, where he employed an unconventional method to accelerate it. He channeled his mystical pure energy directly into the flames beneath the cauldron, intensifying the heat while simultaneously activating the herbs’ healing properties.
What would typically require two hours of careful preparation was completed in just 30 minutes under his enhanced technique.
Once Callan had consumed the tonic, Dustin immediately began the acupuncture treatment, using precise pressure point techniques to expel the plague toxins from his patient’s body systematically.
His current level of cultivation allowed him to work without physical contact. He could control both the patient and the needles entirely through spiritual manipulation.
With delicate finger movements, Dustin directed each silver needle to fly with perfect accuracy into the designated pressure points, where they spun rapidly to draw out the toxin that had been poisoning Callan’s system.
Grace observed that display with her usual composure after having witnessed Dustin’s abilities before, but Sadie stood transfixed in amazement.
Initially, Sadie had harbored doubts about Dustin’s credentials, questioning how someone barely past 20 could legitimately claim to be a skilled doctor.
Now she realized the magnitude of her error as she watched him control needles through the air alone while hitting pressure points with flawless precision.
She considered herself well-traveled and knowledgeable about renowned doctors throughout the realm, yet she had never encountered anyone capable of such extraordinary mastery.
That transcended the boundaries of mortal medicine entirely, reaching a divine level of healing that she had never imagined possible. The world truly did contain miracle workers beyond ordinary understanding.
###Chapter 2590
Ten minutes later, Dustin waved his hand. More than a dozen silver needles lifted from Callan’s body and returned to his pouch in an orderly manner.
His mystical pure energy instantly vaporized the contaminated blood on each needle, which essentially served as an alternative form of sterilization.
As the needles were withdrawn, a peculiar suction force drew the toxins rapidly from Callan’s body. Dark blood began flowing from where the needles had been applied. This thick, black liquid gave off a putrid stench, and the sight was deeply unsettling.
Grace and Sadie instinctively stepped backward. They were unwilling to risk even the slightest contact with the toxic discharge.
After all, this plague was unlike anything they had encountered before. Even with such a skilled doctor like Dustin present, neither woman dared take unnecessary chances.
The dark blood seeping from Callan’s body began to lighten and gradually turned deep red before finally returning to its usual color.
His fever-racked body cooled to normal temperature while his labored breathing settled into a steady, peaceful rhythm. All signs indicated that the plague had been successfully contained.
“He’s out of danger for now,” Dustin said. ” But the toxin really did a number on him. He’ll likely remain unconscious until tomorrow morning.”
“Just getting him back from the brink is a miracle. The other doctors I consulted all said it was hopeless,” Sadie said with a sigh.
“Mr. Rhys possesses unmatched medical skills. If he can’t cure this plague, then no one else can.” Grace was quick to sing his praises.
“I appreciate the compliments, but you still need to pay my consultation fee,” Dustin said with a faint smile.
“As long as you can help me solve this plague outbreak, you’ll be compensated accordingly,” Grace assured him.
“Treating one person is manageable, but treating a group of people is not easy,” he said, shaking his head.
He went on, “My medicine can only stabilize the condition and provide some preventive benefits, but it won’t cure the disease. To fully heal those afflicted with the plague, the medicine must be combined with my acupuncture techniques.”
If the infection had spread to dozens or even a few hundred people, he could work through each case individually. It would take several days of intensive treatment, but it was still manageable.
However, if the plague spread to thousands of victims, even his abilities would prove insufficient. He wasn’t a miracle worker who could heal an unlimited number of patients.
“I understand what you’re trying to say,” Grace said seriously. “I’ll do everything I can to contain the outbreak and prevent it from spreading further.”
“The key to controlling this epidemic involves more than just prevention measures,” Dustin explained with a weary sigh.
He went on, “We must also locate the Skull Covenant, the one responsible for creating this plague. Otherwise, we’ll face an endless cycle where new outbreaks emerge as soon as we contain the current one.”
“I’ve already dispatched investigators to track them down, but our best lead right now is Callan,” Grace replied. “The sooner he regains consciousness, the better our chances of success.”
“Good to know you’ve got it handled. Just let me know if there’s anything else you need me to do.”
“Mr. Rhys, we have 22 other patients besides Callan. Why don’t you treat them all together?” Sadie asked tentatively.
Although the village was under quarantine, any remaining sick individuals would pose an ongoing source of infection. If left untreated, the situation could easily spiral out of control.
“Sure. Ms. Linsor is paying for my services, so I’ll get it done.” Dustin stretched lazily. “Guess we’re pulling an all-nighter.”
“Thank you for your dedication, Mr. Rhys, ” she said respectfully.
“Show me where they are,” he said with a nod toward the path ahead.
“Right this way, please,” Sadie responded.
Without hesitation, she guided Dustin toward the area where the patients had been gathered.
The makeshift medical facility was located in an abandoned warehouse. Though it lacked many amenities, it was large enough to accommodate everyone. The 22 patients lay on makeshift bedding arranged in rows across the floor.
Military personnel in full protective gear moved between them. They provided basic care to the patients, like offering sips of water and spoonfuls of broth. Since they had already administered all available medications, supportive care was all they could offer at the moment.
“Mr. Rhys, it’s only been two days since we discovered the outbreak, and these people are already too weak to stand,” Sadie explained, referring to the patients’ condition.
“It’s spreading fast,” Dustin observed as his gaze swept across the rows of patients.
He continued, “Get someone to prepare the medicine according to my earlier prescription, then reduce three cups of water down to one. Once it’s ready, make sure each patient takes a full dose. After that, leave the rest to me.”
“Got it,” she responded before turning to leave.
Fortunately, her earlier foresight in ordering medicinal herbs in bulk had paid off. Now they had more than enough ingredients to treat all 22 patients.
Soon, the strong scent of brewing medicine wafted throughout Ashwillow Village. When the concoction finished brewing, Sadie had her soldiers distribute it to the patients
Once everyone had taken their medicine, Dustin stepped in to treat them one by one. Before his breakthrough, treating 22 people would have drained him completely, but now it was manageable.
Whenever his mystical pure energy was depleted, the spiritual energy of nature around him would rapidly replenish his reserves, so he didn’t have to worry about running out of internal energy.
At his current pace, he could cure one person every ten minutes, which was remarkably fast by any standard. Still, healing all 22 patients would take roughly four hours without a break.
If 22 people demanded such enormous amounts of time and energy, the situation would become hopeless should the plague spread to thousands or tens of thousands of victims.
Dustin knew he couldn’t possibly treat that many patients alone. It hit him that the absolute priority wasn’t saving lives but preventing the outbreak from spreading further and hunting down the remnants of the Skull Covenant.
###Chapter 2591
The night passed quickly, and by morning, Callan had finally regained consciousness. A whole night’s rest had restored color to his face, though he was still physically weak.
Grace had kept watch outside his room all night. As soon as she learned that he was awake, she immediately walked in.
“Callan, I’m the official in charge of handling this outbreak. I need to ask you several questions, and I kindly request that you answer them truthfully. Understood?” Grace said, getting straight to the point.
“Yes,” he replied, nodding with visible apprehension.
“When did you first get infected?”
“I’m not sure how long I was unconscious, but from what I remember, it started about three days ago. I suddenly felt dizzy and weak, with chills running through my entire body,” Callan said weakly.
He went on, “At first, I assumed it was just a common cold, so I took some medicine. But the symptoms kept worsening, and by the time I realized something was seriously wrong, it was already too late.”
“Before you fell ill, did you come into contact with any strangers?” Grace pressed.
“I hardly ever leave the house, but a few days ago I met up with this woman I’d been chatting with online. We’d known each other for two years, and this was our first time meeting in person,” he explained.
He continued, “She was gorgeous and even said she wanted to be my girlfriend. I was thrilled at the time and had a meal with her. Afterward, she said she was going to Harbortown to see her best friend, so she left for a while.”
“You started showing symptoms after that meeting?” Grace asked.
“You can say that,” Callan replied.
“Do you know who she was planning to see in Harbortown?”
“I’m not sure. Even though we’d been chatting online for two years, we rarely asked about each other’s personal details.”
“Surely you know her name, right?” she asked again.
“She told me her name was Lauren Stephan, though I have no idea whether or not that was her real name,” Callan replied.
“I need you to describe Lauren’s appearance in detail,” Grace requested.
She turned and snapped her fingers at Sadie, signaling for paper and a pen.
Grace began sketching based on Callan’s description. After nearly an hour of adjustments and corrections, she finally captured Lauren’s general appearance on paper.
When he saw the finished portrait, his eyes lit up and he nodded enthusiastically. “Yes, that’s her. No doubt about it-you’ve captured her almost perfectly, about 80 to 90 percent.”
Grace nodded and handed the sketch to Sadie. “Find out who she is, and make it a priority,” she ordered.
“Got it,” Sadie responded before hurrying away.
“Besides Lauren, did you notice anything else unusual around you recently?” Grace asked.
“Nothing else comes to mind,” Collan replied, shaking his head. “I spend most of my time at home gaming and seldom go out. Anyone in the village can vouch for me. 11
“That’s all I need for now. Get some rest.”
With that, she stood to leave.
She’d already reviewed his background file and found nothing suspicious. He was a classic shut-in whose parents had died in a car accident a few years back.
He survived by doing game boosting services for other players, rarely left his house, and had virtually no social skills. He was passive and indecisive, which was precisely the type who’d believe whatever someone told him without question.
If Callan was telling the truth, then Lauren had to be the source of the outbreak. Her trip to Harbortown meant the epidemic would spread there next. This was turning into a serious problem.
“Ms. Linsor, I found Lauren’s details!” Sadie exclaimed.
A few moments later, she had compiled everything she could find using the name and sketch.
“What have you got on her?” Grace asked.
“The woman Callan described checks out. Her name was indeed Lauren Stephan. She returned to the country three years ago and got into Nexology. She spends a lot of time online spreading their teachings and appears to be a devout believer,” Sadie reported.
“What about her family and friends?”
“Her parents died when she was young, and we can’t trace her foreign identity right now. However, she does have several close relatives and friends here in the country, whom she still keeps in touch with.”
“Did you run background checks on all of them?”
“I did. They’re all into Nexology, just like Lauren. She’s the one who recruited every single one of them into it. I suspect this Nexology is just the Skull Covenant operating under a new identity,” Sadie said with a serious expression.
Grace wasn’t surprised upon hearing that.
“For the Skull Covenant to rise from the ashes and cause trouble again, they must have been planning this for years. They’d need a front organization to stay hidden. Otherwise, how else could they have survived this long?” she said.
“What should we do now, Ms. Linsor?” Sadie asked.
Grace said indifferently, “I don’t care if they call themselves the Skull Covenant or this Nexology. If they’re harming people, we’re taking down their entire operation.
“Start digging into everything about this Nexology, especially Lauren. Find her and bring her in as soon as possible. I’ll request authorization from headquarters to seal off the Ashen Coast and put an end to the Skull Covenant’s comeback.”
“Got it.” Sadie acknowledged the orders and left.
Since Lauren didn’t know many people in Harbortown, a thorough investigation of her contacts would quickly reveal her whereabouts.
“So, how are things progressing? Any leads yet?” Dustin asked as he walked through the door, stifling a yawn.
After staying up all night and expending so much energy, he was feeling drowsy.
“We’ve uncovered some promising clues,” Grace replied. “I’m confident we’ll catch whoever is behind this outbreak.”
“Glad to hear that.” Dustin breathed a sigh of relief. “Once we eliminate the source of the outbreak, everything else should become much more manageable.”
“When things go this smoothly, it usually means we’re walking into a trap,” she said thoughtfully.
She continued, “The Skull Covenant has risen from the ashes to spread this disease. But if their only goal is for the blood ritual, they’re being remarkably conspicuous about it. I can’t shake the feeling they have some other ulterior motive.”
“Whatever they’re plotting, we’ll get our answers once we capture them,” Dustin said.
Grace nodded. “Then, I guess all we can do is wait.”
Just as they were talking, one of her trusted aides rushed inside with urgent news. ” Your Highness, we have a serious problem. Word just came in that there’s an outbreak in Reedcrest. Right now, there are over 100 infected and counting.”
###Chapter 2592
“What? There’s an outbreak in Reedcrest?”
Grace’s expression hardened at the report. “That’s impossible. Weren’t we told it was contained last night?”
When the contagion began, she immediately ordered the entire village sealed off and placed all infected individuals under strict quarantine.
Anyone who’d had contact with the infected was put under close surveillance.
Given all these precautions, how had the outbreak spread across Reedcrest overnight?
“The outbreak in Ashwillow Village has indeed been contained,” her aide reported grimly. “But a new source of infection has emerged in Windham, and there was no way to see it coming. Over 100 people are showing symptoms, and the numbers keep climbing.”
“Seal off every entrance and exit to Windham immediately,” Grace ordered decisively. “We cannot allow this outbreak to spread beyond the town. Place all infected individuals under strict surveillance and thoroughly screen everyone else. Go now.”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
Her aide left immediately to execute the orders.
As a precautionary measure, military forces were deployed to blockade every access point into and out of Windham so that residents couldn’t leave and outsiders couldn’t enter.
While the strict containment protocols would undoubtedly cause considerable inconvenience, the gravity of the situation left no room for half-measures.
“Things are more complicated than I thought. The Skull Covenant is spreading outbreaks everywhere,” Dustin said, narrowing his eyes slightly.
If Ashwillow Village was just their opening move, then the real battle was about to begin.
“Our enemies work from the shadows while we operate in plain sight. Until we can locate the Skull Covenant’s stronghold, we’ll have to proceed cautiously and try to minimize casualties,” Grace said with a frown.
“The outbreak is spreading faster than I can handle alone. We need to bring in reinforcements from Oakvale,” he suggested.
“We should summon every doctor skilled in acupuncture. I’ll show them how to draw out the toxins. That way, if we encounter more outbreaks, we won’t be caught unprepared.”
“Good call. I’ll make the arrangements,” Grace agreed without hesitation.
Without saying anything else, she immediately mobilized all the forces to recruit qualified doctors.
It was better to train a dozen physicians than exhaust Dustin by having him race from crisis to crisis. Despite his exceptional abilities, she knew he would feel overwhelmed by the scope of the epidemic. So, they desperately needed skilled backup to share the load.
While finding someone with his extraordinary abilities would be nearly impossible, Oakvale had many accomplished doctors well-versed in acupuncture techniques.
With more hands available, they could learn his techniques and be better prepared for the next crisis.
In Harbortown, Tristan was overseeing operations from the governor’s mansion. As he listened to his subordinate’s report, his expression grew increasingly grave.
“Your Highness, our investigation shows over 100 plague cases in Harbortown,” his trusted aide reported.
“We’ve quarantined most of the infected, but some have slipped our cordon. Should we implement a full city lockdown?”
Tristan pondered the situation carefully before responding with decisive authority.
“100 cases are still manageable. We don’t need a full lockdown yet. Gather all the infected in one central location, then immediately dispatch troops to hunt down those who have escaped. We must capture and bring them back to prevent further outbreaks,” he said.
A complete city lockdown would be too costly politically and create a bad impression, which would make him appear incompetent.
To stand out in the succession struggle and gain the upper hand, he needed to contain the outbreak with minimal disruption and maximum efficiency. Only by demonstrating such efficient crisis management could he prove his superiority over Matthias and Nathaniel.
Milton reminded him, “Your Highness, besides containing the outbreak, we urgently need to develop an antidote. If all hundred victims die on our watch, it won’t look good when word reaches the King.”
“I’ve already summoned two skilled doctors from Oakvale. They should be arriving any moment. With their expertise, creating an antidote won’t be much of a challenge,” Tristan replied confidently.
Milton broke into a relieved smile. “It turns out Your Highness was already three steps ahead. I should have known better than to worry.”
Just as they were talking, a guard hurried in and dropped to one knee. “Your Highness, the two skilled doctors have arrived and are waiting outside,” he said.
“Quick! Bring them in immediately.”
Tristan’s face lit up. The doctors’ arrival couldn’t have been more perfectly timed to solve his pressing crisis.
“Yes, Your Highness,” the guard acknowledged and departed quickly.
Soon after, the guard escorted two people into the room-an elderly man and woman. Both appeared to be in their late 60s with silver-streaked hair, yet they still looked very energetic.
The elderly man was Icarus Carmel, a skilled doctor from Oakvale known for his exceptional acupuncture skills.
The elderly woman was Lenora Strum, whose reputation matched his. She had studied pharmacology extensively and was an expert in toxicology.
Upon entering, both doctors straightened up and addressed Tristan formally, ” Greetings, Your Highness.”
Tristan stood up to greet them and said enthusiastically, “Dr. Strum, Dr. Carmel, you’re finally here.”
“We have an outbreak in Harbortown, which started two days ago, and the contagion is spreading rapidly. You two are our only hope.”
“An outbreak?” Icarus was taken aback.” How could such a calamity strike without warning? Could someone be behind this?”
Unlike common ailments, plagues were catastrophic diseases capable of wiping out entire populations. They were classified as the most severe category of epidemic and always caused widespread panic whenever they emerged.
“We’re still investigating the exact cause,” Tristan replied. “Right now, our immediate priority must be treating those who have been infected and developing an antidote as quickly as possible.”
Lenora nodded. “Saving lives is an urgent business. Of course, we’ll help.”
“Your Highness, where are the patients? Could you take us to them?” Icarus asked.
“Of course. Please follow me.”
Without further delay, Tristan led them quickly out the door.
###Chapter 2593
Tristan, Icarus, and Lenora left the mansion and hopped into the car. They soon arrived at a hospital that was under lockdown.
It wasn’t just the facility, but several surrounding streets had also been cordoned off, with soldiers standing guard, forcing all traffic to detour around the area.
Access to the hospital required special clearance, and even Tristan wasn’t exempt.
“Dr. Strum and Dr. Carmel, we’ve got many plague patients quarantined inside this facility. For your safety, I strongly recommend wearing these medical masks, “Tristan said as they approached the checkpoint.
He thoughtfully handed out the masks to Icarus and Lenora. In addition to wearing a mask himself, he’d also suited up in full protective gear. He was taking every possible precaution since he’d been frail and sickly since childhood. If he caught the plague, it would likely be the end of him.
Icarus and Lenora accepted the medical masks without protest. They put on the masks and followed Tristan into the hospital.
All non-essential personnel had been removed from the facility. Only stationed soldiers and a few masked medical staff remained inside.
The patients had been sorted by symptom severity and placed on different floors in separate wards.
Tristan led Icarus and Lenora to the elevator, and they rode directly to the 18th floor. This floor had several critical patients who were barely clinging to life.
Apart from two guards stationed at the entrance, only one nurse remained to tend the dying patients. Her “care” consisted mostly of periodic injections to ease their suffering.
“Dr. Strum, Dr. Carmel, I’ll wait out here while you two examine the patients,” Tristan said as he stopped at the doorway.
He gestured for the nurse to escort Icarus and Lenora into the ward while he waited outside.
Given Tristan’s status, bringing these two doctors there already demonstrated considerable respect. He bet neither Matthias nor Nathaniel would have done the same.
Icarus and Lenora disappeared into the ward and remained inside for an extended period.
Tristan paced restlessly outside the door while occasionally peering through the window.
Nearly half an hour passed before the two doctors finally emerged.
“Dr. Carmel, Dr. Strum, how is the patient? “Tristan asked urgently. “Can anything be done?”
He’d never cared this much about a commoner’s fate, but the patient’s survival could determine whether they could contain the epidemic quickly.
“Your Highness, the situation is far worse than we anticipated,” Icarus said. “This isn’t your typical plague outbreak. The pathogen is incredibly virulent and unlike anything we’ve dealt with before. At this rate, the patient probably won’t make it through the night.”
Tristan turned to Lenora, still looking hopeful. “What about you, Dr. Strum? You’re our expert in pharmacology and toxicology. Surely there’s something you can do?”
“I must be honest with Your Highness. My current abilities are insufficient to cure this either,” she said, shaking her head with a grave expression.
She went on, “But I know for a fact that this outbreak wasn’t the result of natural causes. It was man-made.”
Tristan raised an eyebrow. “What makes you say that?”
“I’ve already examined the patients thoroughly. Whatever’s infected them is extremely contagious and appears to be a combination of multiple viruses. I’ve never seen anything like this before. Unless someone deliberately created it, I can’t think of any other explanation,” Lenora explained.
“I’ll dispatch my men to investigate your theory, but right now we need to focus on developing an antidote. Without it, every infected patient will die. I’m counting on both of you,” he said earnestly.
Icarus said, “Please give us some time, Your Highness. We’ll find a way to stop this and save as many lives as we can.”
“Very well,” Tristan replied. “Don’t hesitate to ask for whatever resources you need. You’ll have my full support.”
“Your compassion is truly admirable, Your Highness. We won’t let you down,” Lenora assured him.
After exchanging a few pleasantries, the two doctors wasted no time getting to work. One checked the ancient medical texts while the other began experimenting with herb combinations.
The critically ill patients in the ward had now become their test subjects. Under normal circumstances, they would never resort to such a method.
But with lives hanging in the balance and time running out, they had no choice but to take extraordinary measures to develop the antidotes.
In Thornwick, Matthias faced an equally dire situation.
After arriving in the city the previous evening, he discovered that dozens of residents had already contracted the plague. But after just one night, the number of patients had increased to nearly 300.
However, the local doctors proved utterly useless against the outbreak.
Matthias had no choice but to call in specialists from Oakvale, but even flying them in would take half a day. So now, all he could do was wait.
If only he had anticipated this crisis, he’d have brought a medical team with him the night before. At least then he might have been able to contain the situation before it spiraled out of control.
“Your Highness!” Neville approached him and reported in a low voice, “The infection count continues to rise, and word of the plague has spread to the neighboring towns. People are fleeing Thornwick in droves, and panic is consuming half the population.”
Matthias scowled. “Didn’t I tell you to keep this under wraps? How did it end up like this?”
Neville explained, “We arrived too hastily and lacked reliable personnel on the ground. The local officials have been paying lip service to our orders while remaining fundamentally lazy and dismissive.
“They treated this outbreak like common influenza rather than the serious threat it represents, which allowed the situation to deteriorate rapidly.”
“Those worthless parasites! They’re quick enough to line their pockets with bribes, but now they’re doing nothing when a crisis strikes. Once I’ve contained this outbreak, I’ll make an example of every last one of them,” Matthias snapped.
“Your Highness, pursuing accountability must wait,” Neville said urgently. “Our immediate priority is stopping the outbreak before the consequences become catastrophic.”
“There’s no other choice left. If we want to contain this outbreak, there’s only one option-put the entire city on lockdown,” Matthias said with a gloomy expression.
He had hoped to avoid such drastic measures. But now that word of the outbreak was out, chaos in Thornwick was inevitable. So, a full lockdown was their last chance to stop things from spiraling out of control.
###Chapter 2594
“Put the city on lockdown?” Neville was momentarily stunned, then quickly nodded. “I understand, Your Highness. I’ll handle it right away.”
As a soldier, following orders was his sacred duty. Whatever command Matthias issued, he would carry it out without hesitation.
“Hold on.”
Just as Neville prepared to leave, Matthias stopped him.
He said, “This outbreak is no ordinary crisis. All information must be completely contained, and we can’t have any more leaks.
“If any officials in Thornwick refuse to cooperate or act like they’re following orders while secretly disobeying them, they’ll be removed from their positions immediately and investigated. Anyone who stirs up trouble will be thrown straight into prison.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” Neville responded, then hurried off.
With direct orders from Matthias, he could finally act without restraint. He’d long been fed up with Thornwick’s officials-backstabbing their superiors, misleading their underlings, and playing everyone with phony politeness
When there were benefits to grab, they were the first in line. But when trouble arose, they made excuses and did nothing.
If it weren’t for these people getting in the way, the outbreak in Thornwick wouldn’t have gotten this bad.
Previously, Neville had restrained himself out of concern for disrupting Matthias’ plans. But now things were different. Anyone who dared to obstruct military orders or play games behind the scenes would face immediate consequences.
At best, they’d be stripped of their position. At worst, they’d end up in prison. There would be no room for negotiation.
While the outbreak in Thornwick was spiraling out of control, Sommertown, where Nathaniel had been dispatched, wasn’t faring any better.
He’d been working tirelessly since arriving the night before. Unlike Matthias’ reckless approach, Nathaniel was much more strategic.
Since he knew his mission involved containing the outbreak, he had assembled a medical team in advance. He immediately ordered them to collect samples of the pathogen for research and antidote development.
Nathaniel was even willing to use live test subjects to speed up the process. In addition to having his medical team work on an antidote, he had also clamped down on all information flow. The goal was to prevent panic that could cause people to flee and spread the plague further.
Despite doing everything right, he’d underestimated how quickly the plague would spread. In just one night, the number of infected had jumped from around 30 to over 100. Unfortunately, several infected individuals had escaped and were now spreading the virus.
Left with no choice, Nathaniel ordered lockdowns of all surrounding towns and sealed off every major entry and exit point.
Inside a hastily commandeered hospital, he sat in the director’s office listening to status reports from his subordinates. The news filled him with mounting rage.
“What the hell is wrong with you people? How hard can it be to catch a few plague carriers? It’s been a whole day and still nothing?” he shouted at his subordinate.
The subordinate lowered his head and explained, “Your Highness, those people seem to know our every move. It’s like they’re playing cat and mouse with us. They’re so cunning that every time we arrive at a location, they’ve already cleared out.”
“Wait… Are you telling me we have a mole in our ranks?” Nathaniel caught on immediately.
“It’s the only explanation, Your Highness. Otherwise, we would’ve caught them by now. But there’s something else. I believe this outbreak wasn’t the result of natural causes. It was man-made.” The subordinate dropped the bombshell.
“Man-made?” Nathaniel narrowed his eyes slightly. “Are you suggesting foreign operatives are behind this?”
“Whoever they are, they know how to stay hidden. We haven’t been able to track them down yet.” The subordinate shook his head.
“Then stop wasting my time with theories. Get out there and find them!” Nathaniel barked.
“Yes, Your Highness.” The subordinate didn’t dare to linger and bolted from the room.
“I had a feeling this outbreak was too convenient to be natural. So, someone was really behind it.” Nathaniel rested his crossed arms on the table, frowning in deep thought.
He wasn’t the only one tasked with handling the crisis. Even Tristan and Matthias had received similar missions. Though they were in different cities, the circumstances were remarkably similar across all three regions.
This outbreak response wasn’t just about saving lives, but a test. It was about proving who had the capabilities and who had the connections.
At first, Nathaniel hadn’t given it much thought. He just focused solely on completing the mission quickly. But his subordinate’s report revealed layers of complexity he hadn’t considered.
If the plague was man-made, then treating the symptoms would never end the crisis. Now, that was the real mission he needed to focus on.
With that realization, he reached for his phone and dialed an encrypted number.
“Gather your team and get to Sommertown immediately. I have an important mission for you,” he said.
As evening fell over Ashwillow Village in Reedcrest, Sadie delivered her comprehensive report to Grace.
“Ms. Linsor, we’ve quarantined all the new plague cases. The news is still under wraps, and we’ve got the situation under control for now.
“The renowned doctors from Oakvale have arrived, and they’re working with Mr. Rhys to learn his treatment methods. We should start seeing results soon.
“Given the current situation, as long as no new sources of infection appear, we should be able to fully contain the outbreak in Reedcrest.”
Though the morning had brought over 100 new cases, their swift response had paid off. Thanks to timely intervention and excellent intelligence work, they’d managed to isolate every new case within half a day.
With Dustin’s expertise combined with the assistance of more than a dozen skilled doctors, treating the hundred-plus infected patients seemed well within their capabilities. At least for now, they could finally catch their breath.
###Chapter 2595
“Excellent work. Reedcrest managed to contain this outbreak so quickly thanks to everyone’s dedicated efforts,” Grace said after listening to Sadie’s report.
She felt the weight lift off her shoulders. The infected patients had been quarantined, and having additional skilled doctors to treat them took a huge burden off her plate.
All that remained was to hunt down the remnants of Skull Covenant operatives, and their mission would be complete.
“It’s all because of your excellent leadership, Your Highness. Anyone else wouldn’t have been able to pull this off,” Sadie replied with a smile.
“Let’s not pat ourselves on the back just yet. There’s still work to do,” Grace
replied, her tone shifting to business. ” What’s the update on Lauren, the woman I asked you to investigate?”
“We’ve finally got an update on that,” Sadie reported. “Our investigation confirmed that Lauren did go to Harbortown and has been in close contact with several Nexology members there. I’ve already sent a team to make the arrest. We should have news soon.”
“That’s great.” Grace nodded, then suddenly asked, “By the way, how many cities in Ashen Coast are dealing with the outbreak now? How bad is it?”
Sadie reported, “Four out of seven cities have reported outbreaks, namely Reedcrest, Harbortown, Thornwick, and Sommertown.
“As for Reedcrest, well, we’ve already got that under control, but the situation in the other three cities is getting worse.
According to the reports we’ve received, the three princes have each arrived in one of the cities. With proper handling, there shouldn’t be any major problems.”
“My three brothers are here at the Ashen Coast?” Grace seemed surprised.
As soon as she heard about the outbreak in the Ashen Coast, she rushed over without knowing anything else that was going on. She hadn’t expected that by the next morning, her three brothers would be gathered in the region.
“It was the King’s orders,” Sadie explained. “Right after you left Oakvale, all three princes received royal decrees and rushed over right away. Looks like they’re here to compete for merit and recognition.
“It seems my father intends to use this outbreak as a test to evaluate their crisis management abilities.” Grace quickly pieced it together.
If the goal were simply to contain the outbreak, such elaborate arrangements wouldn’t be necessary, nor would they require deploying all three princes at once. The only reason for this approach was to test them.
This meant Valon’s health must be declining faster than expected, and he was feeling the pressure to choose an heir.
“The three princes are certainly accomplished, but they still fall short compared to you, Your Highness. It’s just a shame that…” Sadie’s words trailed off, leaving the thought unfinished.
“Don’t talk nonsense!” Grace glared at her. “Just focus on your duties. The three princes are not for you to judge, unless you want to bring trouble upon yourself.”
“Forgive me, Your Highness. I spoke out of turn.” Sadie quickly apologized, lowering her head.
“Sadie, you’re my most capable assistant. I don’t want anything to happen to you, and I certainly don’t want you getting involved in the power struggle for the throne. Do you understand?” Grace said sternly.
In the palace, loose lips could sink ships. What passed for harmless gossip today could become a death sentence tomorrow.
“You’re right, Your Highness. I’ll keep that in mind.” Sadie held her tongue and said nothing more.
“Good. Let’s put this matter behind us. Regardless of what others may do, our immediate priority is controlling the outbreak and minimizing casualties,” Grace said.
She then ordered, “Send a few people right now with the prescription Mr. Rhys wrote for treating the plague. Have them deliver it to the three princes so they can administer it accordingly and stop the outbreak from spreading.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” Sadie responded before hurrying off.
“I overheard that your three beloved brothers have also arrived at the Ashen Coast?” Dustin asked as he walked through the door, yawning.
He had spent the entire day training the so-called renowned doctors and finally gotten them to a decent level of competency. Their treatment methods remained somewhat sluggish, but that would improve with practice.
“My father sent them here because he wants to test them,” Grace replied without hiding anything. “He’s using this outbreak to decide who will be his final heir. In the end, it all comes down to how capable my three brothers are.”
She had done everything she could and was helping to the best of her capacity. Besides, she had no intention of interfering with their trial. Right now, her only concern was seeing the outbreak contained as quickly as possible.
“Using this outbreak to test someone’s capabilities? The King certainly has a unique approach,” Dustin said with a wry smile.
Grace shook her head. “Perhaps Father doesn’t have much time left, so he’s been forced to resort to such desperate measures,”
When charity became mere performance and saving lives got entangled with personal interests, everything became corrupted.
“I won’t comment on what the King chooses to do, but I don’t trust your three brothers,” he said bluntly. “If they’re treating this outbreak as a competition, then given their hunger for power, there’s no telling what unexpected actions they might take.”
“Unexpected actions?” Grace raised an eyebrow. “What exactly do you mean by that?”
“You’re smart, so you know exactly what I’m referring to,” Dustin replied calmly. ” As a precaution, you should have your people keep watch over those three. That way, if something does happen, there might still be room for damage control.”
“I will.” Grace nodded without elaborating further.
She understood what he was implying, but she didn’t dare let her thoughts venture in that direction. For now, she could only hope that everything would develop in a positive direction. That was all she could do.
###Chapter 2596
Grace’s messengers quickly delivered the plague prevention prescription to Tristan, Matthias, and Nathaniel, though each reacted quite differently.
Tristan was naturally overjoyed. He immediately consulted with Icarus and Lenora to review the prescription. When both praised its effectiveness, he put it into action without delay.
His team began preparing the tonic and distributing it to patients. While it wasn’t a complete cure, it helped alleviate the symptoms and kept conditions from worsening. In a race against time, even this level of relief was a tremendous help in his eyes.
Matthias, on the other hand, couldn’t tell whether the prescription was genuine or not when he first received it. None of the people around him could make sense of it, either.
Given the circumstances, he decided to give it a shot. To his surprise, the prescription proved remarkably effective. He quickly ordered it to be distributed across the city and arranged large-scale purchases of the necessary medicinal herbs.
To his surprise, the herbs he had intended to distribute for free ended up in the hands of Thornwick’s bureaucratic officials, who quickly turned them into a means of personal profit.
Instead of handing them out, the corrupt officials began selling them at inflated prices. The outbreak in Thornwick was already spiraling out of control, and their profiteering only fueled the chaos.
As news spread, panic buying broke out across the city. Wealthy merchants and capitalists began hoarding the herbs and reselling them at outrageous prices.
Under these circumstances, ordinary people couldn’t afford even basic preventative medicine. Even those already infected were unable to access timely treatment.
Anyone looking to buy medicinal herbs faced prices dozens-sometimes hundreds – of times higher than the regular price. Those who couldn’t afford them were left with no choice but to wait for death at home.
In this climate of fear and greed, Matthias not only failed to contain the plague but also inadvertently fueled widespread panic and suffering throughout the city. By the time reports reached him, Thornwick was already in turmoil.
Furious, he ordered the execution of over a dozen corrupt officials who had profited from the crisis. Even the wealthy merchants who had inflated prices and taken advantage of the national emergency were arrested and imprisoned.
The harsh punishments finally put an end to the corruption, but they created a new set of problems.
With so many officials arrested, Thornwick’s government could barely function. The administrative breakdown only accelerated the outbreak’s spread, leaving Matthias scrambling to restore order amid the chaos.
In contrast, Nathaniel handled the crisis far more effectively. He had not only brought his own medical team but had also assigned his most trusted aides across Sommertown on the day of his arrival.
Their task was to monitor local officials and issue stern warnings against corruption. As a result, when the outbreak began spreading, most of Sommertown’s officials cooperated fully.
Unlike Tristan and Matthias, Nathaniel didn’t rush to use the prescription.
Instead, he had his medical team begin developing their own antidote. His decision wasn’t driven purely by distrust but by deeper strategic reasons behind it.
As Grace was checking on the patients in the warehouse the following morning, Sadie suddenly walked in.
“Ms. Linsor, we’ve captured Lauren. Do you want to interrogate her?” she asked.
Grace nodded approvingly. “Well done.
Take me to her.”
Since the outbreak in Reedcrest had originated from Lauren, Grace intended to interrogate her thoroughly.
“Right this way, Ms. Linsor.”
Without saying much, Sadie led Grace out of the building and through several security checkpoints. Eventually, they arrived at a sealed-off, secluded cabin. Several squads of soldiers stood guard
around it to prevent anyone from getting close.
Sadie pushed open the heavy iron door. It creaked loudly, and sunlight streamed into the dim space.
Grace stepped inside to find Lauren bound tightly to a chair.
She was beautiful, slim, and looked completely harmless. Anyone unaware of her background would’ve easily let their guard down around her.
“Remove her blindfold,” Grace ordered.
Sadie motioned to a soldier wearing a biohazard suit and respirator. He came forward and yanked away Lauren’s blindfold. The sudden brightness made her squint reflexively until her vision adjusted to the light.
“You’re Lauren Stephan?” Grace asked coolly.
“Who are you?” Laura asked, terrified and anxious. “Why did you bring me here? I didn’t do anything.”
Grace’s expression remained stone-cold as she replied, “We’re with law enforcement, and we’ve already investigated your background thoroughly. I suggest you drop the act.”
“Law enforcement? Why did you arrest me? I didn’t commit any crime. You must have the wrong person,” Lauren said, stunned.
“Enough with the act!” Sadie snapped. ” You think we dragged you here just to let you cry your way out of it?”
“I don’t understand what you’re talking about. Are you abducting me? Look, I’m broke. You’re not going to get any ransom money out of me.” Lauren’s voice trembled.
“Still pretending, huh? Fine. Looks like we’ll have to do this the hard way before you’ll tell the truth.” Sadie had heard enough. She turned and ordered, ” Someone get in here and make her talk.”
###Chapter 2597
At Sadie’s signal, two soldiers stepped forward to carry out her orders.
“W-Wait…” Lauren stammered. She quickly raised her hands and put on a placating smile. “Let’s talk this through like civilized people. No need to get physical.”
“What? Now you want to talk?” Sadie scoffed. “Done with your pretense?”
“I was just messing around earlier. Don’t take it personally. Ask me anything, and I’ll tell you everything I know.” Lauren immediately chose to give in.
“Don’t even think about playing games with me,” Sadie warned. “If you lie to me, I swear you’ll regret it.”
“Relax. I won’t lie,” Lauren said with an ingratiating smile. “I’m as straight as an arrow.”
Sadie frowned slightly but didn’t press further. Something about Lauren’s behavior didn’t sit right with her. One moment she was acting clueless, the next she was oddly cooperative. It was hard to tell what she was up to.
“Alright then. Tell me. Do you know Callan Banks?” Grace asked coolly.
“Do I know him? Of course, I do.” Lauren nodded eagerly. “We met online and hung out just a few days ago. Why?”
“He contracted the plague and nearly died, “Grace said flatly. “He claims you were the one who infected him. Care to explain?”
“What? I infected him with the plague?” Lauren looked stunned.
Then, she quickly denied it, “Don’t listen to his nonsense! Why would I do something like that? I don’t even know anything about the plague. He’s trying to frame me.”
“Frame you?” Grace frowned slightly. ” Even now, you still won’t tell the truth? You think you can get away with this?”
“I swear on my life that every word I’m telling you is the truth,” Lauren said earnestly. “Don’t let Callan fool you. Sure, he looks like some harmless guy, but he’s got a dark side to him.
“After we met in person, I knew something was off about him, so I tried to break things off clean. But the creep kept pestering me and refused to leave me alone. I got so fed up that I beat him up. That’s why he’s holding a grudge and trying to smear my name.”
“You seriously expect us to believe a woman like you could take down a grown man?” Sadie asked coldly.
“I’ve practiced martial arts before. Beating up Callan was child’s play. I could even take on several men his size without breaking a sweat,” Lauren replied confidently.
“I don’t care if you could beat Callan in a fight, but your story doesn’t add up,” Grace said coolly.
She continued, “We tracked Callan’s movements before he got infected. You were the only person he came into contact with during that period.
“He started showing symptoms the very next day after meeting you. And you’re telling me you had no idea what was happening?
“Second, we looked into your background. You joined Nexology and have been actively working with them. Everywhere you’ve been, an outbreak followed. Don’t try to tell me that’s just a coincidence.
“And finally, you’ve been so calm since we brought you in. You don’t look panicked, as if you’ve already come to terms with whatever is coming. Most women would be scared out of their minds right now, but not you.
“I know you’re stalling, but it won’t get you anywhere. Keep playing dumb if you want, but I’ve got other ways to get answers from you. I don’t like threatening other women, but innocent lives are on the line. If that means I have to be the bad guy, then so be it.”
Grace didn’t raise her voice, but the calm in her tone made it more intimidating than any outburst.
“You’ve got a lot of theories, but no proof, “Lauren shot back. “Look, if I’m the one spreading this plague, then why am I perfectly fine while everyone else is dying? Look at me. Do I look sick to you?”
“That’s exactly what bothers me,” Grace said. “Either you have the antidote, or you’ve developed immunity to whatever this plague is.”
Lauren frowned. “Look, if you’re going to accuse me of spreading this plague, you need evidence. You can’t just throw around claims like that based on your own assumptions.”
“In the past, I would have been patient enough to gather evidence before bringing you to justice. But things are different now. I don’t have time to waste on games.
“I’m running out of patience, so I suggest you start cooperating. Otherwise, things are going to get unpleasant,” Grace replied as her expression hardened.
“There’s no use trying to talk sense into her, Ms. Linsor,” Sadie said. “Remnants of the Skull Covenant like her are as stubborn as rocks. If you want answers, you’ll have to use force.”
She had had enough. Every word Lauren spoke sounded like a lie to her.
“Fine. No need to get violent. You think someone as fragile as me can handle that?” Lauren said with a sour look. “You suspect me of spreading the plague, right? Fine. I admit it. Take me to whoever’s in charge, and I’ll confess everything.”
“She is in charge,” Sadie snapped. ” Whatever you have to say, say it to her.”
“No way! You’re actually the one in charge here?” Lauren gave Grace a slow once-over, then suddenly broke into a wicked smile.
She continued, “I’ve been turning over every stone looking for you, and here you are, right in front of me. I was ready to put on quite the performance, but it turns out I don’t need to.”
As soon as the words left her mouth, the chains binding her snapped loose on their own. Then, a scarlet mist suddenly erupted from within her body.
###Chapter 2598
“Ms. Linsor, look out!” Sadie shouted. She had been watching Lauren’s every move. The moment the iron chains binding Lauren snapped and scarlet mist poured from her body, Sadie immediately jumped in front of Grace to shield her.
However, the mist was pervasive. It engulfed several people in the room within seconds before expanding outward in all directions at breakneck speed.
The scarlet mist was laced with deadly poison. Wherever it touched, flowers wilted and the ground turned black, as if it were consuming everything in its path.
Lauren laughed maniacally.
“Every last one of you deserves to die. This world is steeped in corruption, and God has turned his back on us. Only our Skull Lord will outlast it all.
“I shall cleanse your sins with his blood and offer your lives as a sacrifice. The Skull Covenant shall rise, and the Skull Lord shall reign eternally.”
Her crazed proclamations echoed through the swirling scarlet mist.
As more mist poured out from her body, her figure began to shrivel rapidly. It was as if her very life force was being drained away.
Even so, she kept laughing hysterically as if death meant nothing to her. In her eyes, death wasn’t the end but a pathway to eternal life. It would finally allow her to embrace the Skull Lord and serve at his side forever.
“Ms. Linsor, we need to leave now. There’s something strange about this scarlet mist, “Sadie said urgently.
She grabbed Grace’s hand and bolted without a second thought. She’d noticed that the mist corroded everything it touched, including their biohazard suit and respirator.
At this rate, their protective gear would be useless in under two minutes. And when that happened, the consequences would be unimaginable.
“It’s pointless. You can’t escape,” Lauren said. “Skull Lord’s blood is specially used to purify the sin that stains your souls. Once it touches you, there’s no escape until you’re completely cleansed.”
She cackled hysterically, as if picturing their corpses. She wouldn’t have unleashed Skull Lord’s blood without being fully prepared.
To her, this corrupt world would finally receive the purification it deserved as the blood spread to every corner it touched. The devastation wouldn’t stop at this small village because entire towns and cities would fall to the same purifying fate.
Reedcrest would then be transformed into Skull Lord’s sacred ground, where he would be resurrected to lead the Skull Covenant toward ultimate glory and world domination.
Just then, a deep rumble cracked through the sky like distant thunder.
Lauren stared in stunned disbelief as the crimson mist-just seconds ago spreading like wildfire-abruptly reversed course as though it had struck an unseen barrier. The mist rushed backward with blinding speed, like a tide being pulled back to sea.
Within minutes, the scarlet mist had retreated into the small cabin and condensed into a single crimson orb, no larger than a marble.
That orb now held Skull Lord’s blood-the same blood Lauren had been carrying inside her body as its vessel. She had just released the mist, only to watch some mysterious force compress it back to its original form.
“What the hell just happened?”
Lauren’s maniacal laughter died instantly.
Her eyes widened with disbelief and rage as she tried to comprehend what force could make Skull Lord’s blood retreat so suddenly.
She stared at the floating crimson orb and lunged for it without hesitation. Nothing else mattered except preventing anyone from claiming the blood.
She needed to consume it immediately and absorb its power into her very being. Once merged with her body, she could tap into a fragment of Skull Lord’s power.
But the orb suddenly rocketed toward the exit as though yanked by some unseen hand. Lauren made a desperate grab but caught nothing but air. Fighting through her body’s exhaustion, she scrambled after it.
When she stumbled outside, she found herself face-to-face with a man in white.
She couldn’t tell when he’d arrived or how he’d gotten there first. He appeared young and strikingly handsome, with an almost magnetic presence that made her feel at ease.
But Lauren could sense she was facing a formidable opponent. Every muscle in her body tensed as wariness crept across her features. The man was holding the crimson orb-the one she’d just been chasing-and casually spinning it between his fingers.
“Return it to me,” Lauren said sternly.
“Is it yours?” Dustin glanced at her with a faint smile. “How fascinating.”
She forced herself to take a deep breath and soften her tone. “Look, handsome, that’s my family heirloom. Please return it, and I will reward you generously.”
“Family heirloom?” His smile widened. “If you’re calling something this sinister a family heirloom, I’m betting you’re not on the side of the angels.”
“Whether I’m good or bad is none of your damn business. Hand it over now, or you’ll regret it,” Lauren snapped, her composure cracking.
Seeing Skull Lord’s blood in his hands was like watching someone defile a holy relic.
“Oh really?” Dustin replied. “I’d love to see how you plan to make me regret this.”
He chuckled softly before lifting the crimson orb to his mouth and swallowing it whole.
“How dare you defile Skull Lord! You’ll die for this!” she shrieked.
Consumed by raw fury, her features twisted with rage as she lunged toward him.
“Freeze.” Dustin extended one finger in her direction.
Lauren stopped dead in her tracks, unable to move a muscle.
###Chapter 2599
“You… What did you do to me?” Lauren demanded. She struggled frantically but found her entire body locked in place, and she couldn’t move a muscle. For someone who was halfway to becoming a grandmaster, this kind of helplessness was foreign to her. It felt like being pinned beneath something enormous and unmovable.
“Relax. I’m not going to kill you,” Dustin said with a faint smile.
He moved closer until he stood directly in front of her. “I’m going to ask you two questions. Answer honestly, and I’ll let you go. Lie to me, and you’ll regret everything you did today.”
“Hmph! Kill me if you want. You think I’m scared of some nobody like you?” Lauren tried to sound fearless, as though she was eager to die.
In her eyes, death wasn’t an end but a liberation and a chance to return to Skull Lord’s side.
“Like I said, I won’t kill you. But I will give you a taste of suffering,” Dustin said. With a flick of his finger, he sent a silver needle into her body.
The instant it pierced her skin, Lauren felt agony unlike anything she’d ever experienced tear through her body. A scream ripped from her throat before she could stop it.
What terrified her most was how the agony kept intensifying. Each surge of pain was worse than the one before, crashing over her in relentless succession.
“You… What the hell did you do to me?” Lauren snarled through clenched teeth as her face twisted in anguish. “If you’re going to do something, just kill me already!
But screaming was all she could manage now. The pain consumed everything while her body remained completely paralyzed.
Even ending her own life was impossible.
“Trying to commit suicide? But I’m just getting started,” Dustin remarked.
He pulled out another silver needle and grinned.
“I carry 108 silver needles. Each one I use will amplify your suffering exponentially. I don’t usually do this, so you should feel honored to experience my unique technique.”
“You psychotic freak!” she shrieked, her face contorting with fury. “I hope you burn in hell! Skull Lord will make you pay for this.”
“Let’s start with something easy. Tell me where I can find Skull Lord.”
As Dustin spoke, he flicked his finger again. The silver needle shot toward Lauren’s body.
Her scream was even more agonizing than before.
Cold sweat cascaded down her convulsing form as violent tremors seized her entire body. Despite the chaos wracking her muscles, she remained completely paralyzed.
At that instant, the excruciating pain burned through every fiber of her being. Most people would have passed out by now, but she stayed conscious. It was as if some invisible force was holding her in place and refusing to let her slip into unconsciousness.
“Don’t worry. I have all day to play with you,” Dustin said casually. His expression never wavered as he methodically flicked one silver needle after another into her body.
Lauren’s anguished wails filled the air without pause. The haunting sound was enough to chill the bones of anyone who heard it.
Grace and Sadie, who had left earlier, had returned to the scene. Now that Dustin had driven back the scarlet mist, the danger had passed.
They stood off to the side, watching Lauren’s agony with cold detachment. As the remnant of the Skull Covenant who had destroyed countless innocent lives, she didn’t deserve any sympathy from them.
If not for Dustin, Grace and Sadie would already be dead. And it wouldn’t have ended with them-the entire village, the nearby town, maybe all of Reedcrest would’ve been reduced to rubble.
The death toll would have reached into the millions rather than just a handful of victims. To them, evil on that scale deserved nothing less than the harshest punishment.
As time dragged on, Lauren’s anguished cries echoed relentlessly. After enduring nearly two hours of this torment, she finally reached her breaking point and chose to surrender.
“F-Fine… I’ll tell y-you everything… P-Please stop t-torturing me,” she stammered.
She was drenched in sweat, her complexion ghostly pale. Her body shook violently as if every nerve was on fire. She was involuntary spasming from the excruciating pain.
Lauren had believed her willpower was unbreakable, but this relentless torment proved her wrong. The agony gradually wore down her resolve and systematically destroyed her mental defenses
She was trapped in a living hell-desperate to survive yet unable to endure, longing for death yet unable to die. The suffering had become unbearable. All she craved now was an end to it.
“Wouldn’t it have been easier if you’d cooperated earlier?” Dustin cocked an eyebrow. He waved his hand, and the 30-odd silver needles piercing Lauren’s body withdrew instantly.
To her, the sudden relief felt like she had entered paradise.
“Now tell me. Where is this Skull Lord you mentioned?” he demanded.
“Skull Lord… is everywhere,” she replied weakly. “As long as there are enough sacrifices, he can be resurrected within the Sacred Bone Ground and rule the whole world.”
Dustin suddenly nodded. “So, your so-called Skull Lord hasn’t been resurrected yet? That means your purpose in creating this plague was to bring him back?”
“You’re right. Only Skull Lord can elevate the Skull Covenant to ultimate supremacy, “Lauren answered, not holding anything back. Her mind was slipping, and at this point, she was answering out of fear alone.
“Great. Next question. How many members does the Skull Covenant have now? And where is your headquarters?” Dustin pressed.
“I don’t know the exact number. The three grand elders control that information. As for our headquarters, it’s located in…”
Just as she was about to reveal the location, her head exploded.
###Chapter 2600
Lauren’s death came without warning. It was so sudden that Dustin barely had time to process what happened. Staring at her shattered skull and her body sprawled in blood, his smile faded as he frowned.
No one had attacked her, and it wasn’t suicide either. Her head exploded because someone had planted a cursed insect in her brain.
This insect lay dormant inside her head. It caused no harm to its host under normal circumstances.
However, when the host planned to betray the Skull Covenant, the insect would immediately awaken and self-destruct. The explosion occurred from within and was impossible to prevent.
If Dustin had examined Lauren thoroughly, he would’ve spotted it. With his current skills, eliminating such an insect would have been easy.
Even Lauren herself hadn’t known that she had been implanted with the cursed insect. If she had known, she wouldn’t have endured such prolonged torture. Otherwise, she would have chosen to
trigger the explosion earlier.
Grace approached him and examined the corpse on the ground, then frowned. ” What happened?” she asked. “Is she implanted with the cursed insect?”
“Yes, it was implanted in her brain and extremely well hidden,” Dustin replied with a nod.
“It’s unfortunate that we didn’t get any useful information from her,” she said, clearly disappointed.
“Even if we had learned the location of the Skull Covenant’s headquarters, we probably wouldn’t have caught anyone there,” Dustin remarked evenly.
He continued, “Getting captured was part of her plan. She planned to use this opportunity to assassinate Dragonmarsh’s key officials while sacrificing herself to spread the blood plague and turn Reedcrest into a dead zone.
“The moment she decided on this suicide mission, the Skull Covenant’s core members had probably relocated.”
“You’re right.” Grace nodded. “Thank goodness you were here. Otherwise, we couldn’t have handled that scarlet mist.”
Dustin spat out the crimson orb he had swallowed earlier. It landed in his palm, spinning slowly.
“Want to study this thing?” he asked, holding it out to her. “According to her, this contains their Skull Lord’s blood. The energy inside is corrupted, but it won’t explode easily unless you overstimulate it.”
“A strange artifact like this definitely deserves to be examined,” Grace said as she accepted the orb without hesitation.
Her knowledge of the Skull Covenant was limited since most of her information came from old archived materials. Now that she’d encountered them firsthand, she realized they were even more dangerous than she’d anticipated.
The Skull Covenant members devoted themselves to worshipping a being known as Skull Lord. The true nature of this person remained a mystery to her. However, possessing a sample of his blood might finally provide the answers she needed.
Inside the governor’s mansion at Harbortown, Tristan finally felt his nerves begin to relax as he listened to his subordinate’s report.
For the past two days, he hadn’t slept well and was occupied with efforts to contain the outbreak. Things finally began to turn around yesterday when Grace sent over a prescription that helped bring the situation under control.
New infections had dropped sharply, and existing patients showed signs of recovery. While the prescription couldn’t completely cure the disease, it at least helped them survive longer.
Right now, time was the one thing Tristan needed most. If Icarus and Lenora could complete the development of the antidote, the crisis would finally come to an end. And when that happened, Tristan would be celebrated as the hero of Ashen Coast.
“Your Highness, something terrible has happened,” Milton said urgently, panic and terror etched across his face. He rushed in just as Tristan savored thoughts of future glory.
“What happened? You look terrified.”
Tristan frowned as unease crept over him.
Milton delivered the devastating news. ”
Your Highness, I just received news that a large amount of poisonous scarlet mist suddenly broke out in the hospital where patients were being treated.
“This mist possesses deadly corrosive properties and dissolves anyone it touches into pools of blood. Unfortunately, everyone inside the hospital is dead.”
“What? Everyone is dead?” Tristan shot to his feet. “Are you sure? How could things suddenly get this bad?”
“The disaster struck without warning. We’re still looking into the details, but so far, no survivors.” Milton looked grim.
“You mean Dr. Strum and Dr. Carmel are dead?” Tristan’s eyes widened, and sweat began to bead on his forehead.
“They couldn’t escape in time.” Milton’s head dropped in defeat.
He knew Icarus and Lenora were Tristan’s trump card for ending the outbreak. Their sudden deaths weren’t just a setback but a devastating blow for Tristan.
Tristan slumped back into his chair as all color drained from his face. “Without the two skilled doctors, how do we stop this outbreak now?” he asked.
“Your Highness, the outbreak is no longer our main concern. It’s the red mist we need to worry about now. It’s still spreading and destroying everything in its path. At this rate, it’ll reach the governor’s mansion in 30 minutes,” Milton said urgently.
“What? It’s still spreading?”
Tristan sank deeper into despair. The outbreak still hadn’t been solved, and now this scarlet mist had appeared out of nowhere. It felt like he was being pushed to the edge with no way out.
###Chapter 2601
“Your Highness, what should we do now?” Milton asked anxiously.
“How should I know? I’m just as lost as you are.” Tristan’s face was full of despair.
He continued, “Dr. Strum and Dr. Carmel are dead. The outbreak is already out of control, and now there’s some kind of poisonous mist that destroys everything it touches. How am I supposed to deal with this? My head feels like it’s about to explode.”
“Perhaps we should retreat while we still can,” Milton urged. “If that poisonous mist continues its advance, this city is doomed. Staying here would only put your life in danger.”
“Retreat? Where should I go? Once Harbortown is gone, so is my future.” Tristan looked utterly defeated.
Everyone knew containing the outbreak was a test from Valon. If Tristan succeeded, he’d secure the right to inherit the throne, but failure would end his chances for good. He’d fought too hard and come too far to let the crown slip away now.
“As long as you’re alive, Your Highness, there’s still a chance to turn things around. But if that poison mist gets to you, it’s over,” Milton said earnestly.
“I get it, but we’re not at the point of no return yet,” Tristan replied. “I think we can still turn this around.”
He stood and began pacing the room while muttering to himself, “What do I do? Come on, think. There has to be a way…”
Suddenly, he stopped mid-stride, as if a thought had struck him. “Get everyone in here. Now! We’ll brainstorm together. Someone has to have an idea.”
“Yes, Your Highness!” Milton responded immediately and rushed out.
He knew Tristan was right-this wasn’t the time to give up yet. Maybe someone would come up with a solution. If all else failed, they could still flee Harbortown later.
When the scarlet mist spread across Harbortown, similar incidents occurred in Thornwick, where Matthias was stationed, and Sommertown, where Nathaniel had been assigned.
At first, Nathaniel’s situation closely resembled Tristan’s. The outbreak was nearly under control, with no new infection cases, and patients were receiving proper care.
Just when he thought he could weather the crisis, the scarlet mist suddenly erupted inside the hospital, where patients were being treated.
Within minutes, it engulfed the entire facility. Hundreds were trapped inside, and none survived. Even his medical team had perished.
When the news reached Nathaniel, he flew into a rage. He mobilized every available firefighting unit in an attempt to stop the mist from spreading. However, their efforts barely made a difference.
The mist advanced in all directions, slipping through every gap and crevice. Even with maximum effort from multiple firefighting crews, they still couldn’t slow its progress.
Nathaniel soon found himself facing the same impossible choice as Tristan-either keep trying to stop the mist or abandon the city to save his own life. But if he chose to run, it would mean giving up any chance of ever claiming the throne.
Compared to Tristan and Nathaniel, Matthias faced a far worse situation. Since his arrival, he had failed to contain the outbreak and couldn’t stop news of it from spreading.
Panic swept through Sommertown as residents fled the city. Eventually, the situation became so dire that they tried to force their way past security checkpoints.
Matthias responded with iron-fisted measures. Anyone attempting to force their way through checkpoints was imprisoned, and those who injured others in the process were executed on the spot.
It was only through this brutal crackdown that he managed to bring the population under control temporarily.
But before he could catch his breath, the scarlet mist erupted in the city’s most crowded areas. In less than an hour, it claimed over 1,000 lives.
Now facing both an unchecked epidemic and the deadly mist, Matthias-despite his military background-was utterly overwhelmed.
He summoned his advisors and demanded solutions, but none of them had a workable plan. In his mounting frustration, he could only vent his rage by executing corrupt officials.
In Ashwillow Village, Reedcrest, Grace had just ordered Lauren’s body to be taken care of when urgent reports began flooding in-scarlet mist was sweeping through multiple cities.
“What? The red plague has broken out in Harbortown, Thornwick, and Sommertown? This is bad,” she stated.
Her face darkened as she processed the news. She had assumed the scarlet mist released by Lauren was a one-off incident.
Still, Grace never expected the three major cities to be hit by the same mist. Judging by the situation, she realized that the remnants of the Skull Covenant had planned this all along.
These merciless cultists weren’t just targeting Reedcrest, but they also intended to turn the other three cities into a death zone.
“What should we do now, Ms. Linsor?”
Sadie asked grimly. “With the manpower we have, there’s no way we can send reinforcements in time.’
They’d only just wrapped up Reedcrest’s crisis when three more cities spiraled into catastrophe. There was no break in the action.
“Dustin, you’re the only one who can stop this,” Grace said desperately as she looked at him.
The scarlet mist couldn’t be stopped by ordinary means. Instead, only someone like Dustin, a terrestrial immortal, had the strength to defy fate itself.
“This is my responsibility as a Dragonmarsh citizen,” he responded. With that, he pushed off the ground and soared upward. His body shot into the sky, streaking across it like a comet.
Within moments, he had disappeared beyond Grace and Sadie’s line of sight.
###Chapter 2602
In the central district of Harbortown, thick clouds of deadly scarlet mist had erupted from the hospital and were now spreading in all directions.
Within just an hour, the mist had stretched five miles beyond its starting point. It advanced more rapidly and aggressively than a wildfire.
Wherever the crimson mist swept through, it left nothing but ruin. Anyone who came into contact with it died almost instantly and dissolved into a pool of blood within two minutes.
Even inanimate s couldn’t escape-the red mist corroded them until they were riddled with holes. At this rate, the deadly mist would devour the entire city within a single day and turn it into a death zone.
High up on a rooftop not far from the governor’s mansion, Tristan and Milton stood on the building’s edge. They watched the distant scarlet mist continue its inexorable spread. Their expressions showed nothing but helplessness.
They had tried everything-deployed manpower, diverted resources, attempted every method to stop the mist-but nothing had worked. Worse yet, they’d lost countless lives in the process.
Now they had reached the end of hope. Unless the mist stopped on its own, this catastrophe couldn’t be prevented.
But would it stop? Looking at how aggressively it continued to spread, the mist clearly wouldn’t stop until it had engulfed the entire city.
“Your Highness, there’s nothing left we can do for Harbortown,” Milton said. “We need to evacuate now.”
They had done all they could. The scale of the disaster had long since surpassed anything human effort could overcome.
Tristan heaved out a long, weary sigh. “It seems this is the only way.”
“Your Highness, you’ve fulfilled every duty expected of you. Don’t burden yourself with guilt,” Milton replied, bowing his head slightly.
“It’s unfortunate what happened here,” Tristan said, his voice carrying a subtle undertone.
“But I have to admit, it’s a bit of a relief that the same scarlet mist hit Thornwick and Sommertown. My brothers are likely just as helpless as I am. At least now we’re all back on equal footing.”
When he heard that the deadly scarlet mist broke out in Harbortown, he was overwhelmed by despair. But after learning the same catastrophe had struck Thornwick and Sommertown, it gave him a strange sense of comfort.
At least Tristan wouldn’t be the only one held responsible. His brothers would share the blame, and that meant the competition for the throne was still anyone’s game. It was the first good news he’d had in weeks.
“You’re right, Your Highness,” Milton agreed. “This is a natural disaster. The situation has escalated far beyond human intervention. His Majesty will surely understand.”
“It’s almost time. Let’s go,” Tristan said.
He was about to turn and leave when something in his peripheral vision caught his attention-what looked like a meteor streaking across the distant sky.
“Hmm?” He paused and focused his gaze.
The meteor was approaching rapidly and seemed to be heading straight for Harbortown. Within just a few seconds, it had reached the city’s airspace and landed directly into the center of the deadly scarlet mist.
“Uncle Milton, look up there. Is that a human figure?” Tristan asked.
Milton strained his eyes to look before responding. “Yes, Your Highness. It’s definitely a person.”
“What is he trying to do?” Tristan frowned slightly. “Surely he’s not planning to enter that mist to rescue people?”
Several grandmasters served under Tristan, and their ability to hover briefly made aerial displays routine to him. What concerned him was that even those martial artists couldn’t handle the scarlet mist since a single touch could prove fatal.
“Just someone biting off more than they can chew,” Milton said, shaking his head. ” It’s not worth your attention, Your Highness.”
The moment he finished speaking, the distant figure suddenly moved. That person’s body erupted in brilliant radiance that stretched for miles in every direction, then pointed toward the sky.
A deafening boom echoed as a massive energy vortex materialized in the sky. It spanned over 300 feet across, swirling with lightning and violent winds.
As it began to rotate at an incredible speed, a terrifying suction force burst forth from its center. Howling winds swept across a six -mile radius around the vortex.
Tristan and Milton, still on the rooftop, could feel the powerful pull tugging at their bodies.
“That power is terrifying. Who could this be?”
Both men’s faces went pale with shock, and their eyes filled with terror.
A single gesture had triggered a vortex hundreds of feet wide and generated such overwhelming force that neither of them had ever witnessed. Could it be someone from the Sacred Wrym Summit?
The massive energy vortex thundered again with another deafening roar. The vast cloud of scarlet mist that had blanketed miles of the city suddenly began to retreat.
The sight was like watching a massive vacuum cleaner as the spinning vortex accelerated and its suction grew exponentially stronger.
The scarlet mist was forcibly drawn into the vortex. Within five minutes, the massive cloud of deadly scarlet mist receded like water draining from a bathtub and vanished completely from sight. The energy vortex had consumed every last wisp of the deadly mist.
Once the scarlet mist had disappeared, the vortex collapsed in on itself, leaving only a crimson orb floating in the air.
The figure in the sky extended his hand and drew the orb across the distance into his palm. Then, he shot away in another direction like a meteor.
In the blink of an eye, he disappeared from sight, leaving Tristan and Milton staring in absolute shock.
###Chapter 2603
“Milton, who was that person just now? How could anyone possess supreme divine power?” Tristan asked.
The initial shock barely lasted a second before a wave of excitement surged through him.
He saw the figure wave its hand and trigger a phenomenon that defied nature itself, clearing away the scarlet mist that had blanketed miles of land. This was beyond human capability, so he thought that person should be a terrestrial immortal.
“It’s too far away, and I can’t get a clear look, Your Highness,” Milton replied, his eyes still widened with barely contained shock.
That figure’s strength was beyond anything he’d ever imagined. It was so overwhelming that he felt as though he was witnessing something otherworldly.
He never would’ve thought someone that powerful could be hiding in a place like Ashen Coast. Such abilities could potentially equal those of Sacred Wrym Summit’s master. He believed that figure could reverse catastrophe through sheer force of will alone.
“Find out who it was. Do it now!” Tristan exclaimed with barely contained excitement.
He added, “We need to track down that person at all costs. If someone of such divine power were to support me, I could definitely claim the throne.”
He felt that someone who had reached the terrestrial immortal realm undoubtedly had the means to go against fate itself. If he could secure such a powerhouse as his backer, he could bulldoze through any opposition straight to the throne.
Matthias sat imperiously in the middle of the hall inside the governor’s mansion in Thornwick with a stone-cold expression.
Over a dozen corrupt officials were kneeling before him.
When the deadly scarlet mist erupted, these corrupt bureaucrats had either done nothing while fleeing with stolen funds or exploited the chaos to extort the people. All of them were guilty of heinous crimes.
Now that the mist was beyond control and Thornwick’s fall was inevitable, Matthias was seething with rage. He needed to execute these corrupt officials to vent his fury.
“Please spare us, Your Highness,” one of them said. “We’re innocent. We did nothing wrong. You can’t pin all the blame on us, Your Highness.”
“That’s right, Your Highness,” chimed another. “We’ve always served the country and the people loyally. Maybe we haven’t done anything remarkable, but we’ve done our part. To abuse your power and execute us like this is unjust and unreasonable. How will you explain this to His Majesty?”
The corrupt officials, already on their knees, cried out for mercy and swore they were innocent. Behind them stood a line of soldiers, holding broadswords and bearing ice-cold stares.
“Innocent? Spare you? Loyal servants?” Matthias repeated. He laughed bitterly as he stood and swept his murderous gaze over the corrupt officials.
He went on, “You filthy scum! How can you even say those words? You’ve taken bribes and robbed the people blind. When disaster struck, you did nothing. Instead, you used the opportunity to stuff your pockets and plan your escape.
“People like you-corrupt to the core-are the rot of this nation, parasites feeding off its bones. You don’t just deserve death, but everyone related to you is going to prison.”
Matthias was truly disgusted by them. Ever since he’d arrived in Thornwick, nothing had gone smoothly.
The outbreak had spread beyond control-information was leaked, causing citywide panic, and conflicts and violent incidents kept erupting everywhere.
Yet these so-called public servants had done nothing to remedy the situation.
Instead, they had undermined him at every turn, creating obstacles and missing crucial opportunities to act.
At first, Matthias had held back because he needed these people to maintain order and attempt damage control. But now he had reached his breaking point. 2
The outbreak had already spread, the scarlet mist was advancing aggressively, and there was no solution in sight.
Even worse, the entire city was in chaos. Citizens were fleeing while casualties mounted continuously. There was nothing left he could do except take out his anger on these scums.
“Your Highness, you can’t blame us for the outbreak.”
“We did everything we were supposed to do. Against a natural disaster like this, there’s nothing anyone could do.”
“You can’t take out your frustration on us just because of a temporary setback. We’re all innocent.”
The corrupt officials continued their pleading, using every smooth word and slick argument they could think of while refusing to accept responsibility.
“Even now, you still make excuses? Seems you really won’t give up until you’re staring death in the face,” Matthias snapped. 1
He laughed viciously, then ordered, ” Guards! Execute these scums and let this be a warning to others.”
Without a word, the battle-hardened soldiers drew their swords in unison.
“Your Highness, I was wrong. Please spare my life.”
“If you kill us, His Majesty will be furious.”
“Matthias, you’ll burn in hell. I curse you to the depths of damnation.”
When the officials saw the soldiers unsheathe their weapons, panic finally set in. Some begged for forgiveness, others tried to invoke Valon’s authority, and a few simply accepted their fate while hurling curses at him.
“Execute them!” Matthias had no patience for more words and swept his hand downward.
The soldiers showed no hesitation and immediately brought down their swords. Steel flashed, and over a dozen bloody heads hit the ground one after another. Blood sprayed everywhere, coating the entire hall.
“Worthless scum! Drag them out and feed them to the dogs!” Matthias barked.
He came from a military background and had always been ruthless in his decisions. To him, corrupt officials who delayed crucial decisions and paid lip service while acting treacherously deserved nothing but death.
###Chapter 2604
The rage in Matthias’s chest finally began to ease after he executed the corrupt officials. Given the current situation, Thornwick was doomed. It was only a matter of time before the scarlet mist consumed the entire city.
Nothing he did would matter with his current abilities, so he figured he might as well execute a few corrupt officials to vent his frustration.
Suddenly, a thunderous roar echoed from the sky. It sounded like a massive thunderclap, and the ground beneath their feet trembled slightly.
“What the hell was that?” Matthias frowned.
“Your Highness, something is happening, outside,” Neville reported as he rushed into the hall.
“Let’s go take a look,” Matthias said.
Without wasting a second, he strode out the door
Looking up at the distant sky, he saw a massive energy vortex that had appeared out of nowhere. It spanned over 300 feet across and resembled a black hole, sending chills down his spine.
Below the energy vortex, a lone figure hovered in midair. Matthias was too far away to make out the face, but the figure was dressed in white.
“What is that person doing?” Matthias narrowed his eyes, confused.
He couldn’t figure out why that figure appeared out of nowhere and created that energy vortex. What could they possibly be planning?
“Hard to say, but I can tell you with certainty that this person is an ultimate grandmaster,” Neville said with a grave expression.
As a grandmaster martial artist, his senses were razor-sharp. Since he couldn’t pick up even the faintest trace of energy waves from that distant figure, he knew the other party’s strength was far beyond his own.
“So what if he’s an ultimate grandmaster? “Matthias scoffed. “What good can that do in the face of disasters both natural and man-made?”
That deadly scarlet mist was impossible to get rid of. Even if someone used tremendous force to blast it apart, it would reform within moments. Ultimate grandmasters might be powerful, but they couldn’t defy nature itself.
The massive vortex overhead suddenly spun faster, unleashing a suction force that tore through the air with a bone-chilling ferocity.
Standing in the courtyard, Matthias and Neville felt an invisible force pulling at them, and it was growing stronger by the second.
“What kind of supreme divine power is this? How can it affect us from so far away? “Matthias asked. His dismissive smirk vanished, and his eyes widened in shock.
They were at least three miles from the vortex. At that distance, the figure in the sky looked no bigger than an ant. Yet they could still feel that intense pull, which was simply mind-boggling.
“That person’s strength is beyond anything I’ve ever seen,” Neville said in disbelief.
Ordinary ultimate grandmasters were nowhere near that level. He had no way to measure just how strong that person might be.
The hum in the sky deepened again as the energy vortex spun faster. Within moments, fierce winds erupted across a six – mile radius, kicking up sand and debris.
The scarlet mist that had been spreading relentlessly like some parasitic plague suddenly seemed to have met its match as it was sucked straight into the vortex.
On the ground, the mist covering several square miles was being pulled upward into the vortex at an astonishing speed.
But from an aerial view, it looked like a tide receding. Within just a few minutes, the terrifying scarlet mist that had struck fear into everyone’s hearts had been fully absorbed by the vortex without leaving a trace behind.
High above, the white figure waved their hand, and the energy vortex instantly dissipated. When a gleaming crimson orb drifted down from the sky, the white figure caught it and tucked it away.
Matthias and Neville were struck speechless with shock at the sight. They never would have dreamed that the bizarre, seemingly unstoppable scarlet mist could just disappear like that.
The major crisis they’d racked their brains trying to solve through every conceivable effort had been effortlessly handled by a stranger. It was too shocking to process, and too surreal to believe.
“Neville, is this… Is this really something an ultimate grandmaster can do?”
Matthias asked, his voice trembling
“Impossible. No matter how powerful an ultimate grandmaster is, they couldn’t possibly have supreme divine power,” Neville replied, shaking his head in disbelief.
“So what level has that figure reached?” Matthias stared at him in shock.
“If I had to guess, that person has achieved the realm of terrestrial immortals,” Neville said, swallowing hard.
Upon hearing that, Matthias wondered who else could reach that level besides the Ancient Sage of Sacred Wrym Summit.
“Could it be the Ancient Sage himself?” he asked, still stunned.
“That figure doesn’t look like him. It must be someone else, ” Neville replied, drawing a long breath. “Dragonmarsh is full of hidden powerhouses. Maybe one of them finally stepped out to help.”
“Whoever it is, they’ve solved our major crisis. Thornwick is saved, and so is my future,” Matthias said, practically giddy now that the shock had worn off.
Just moments ago, he’d been ready to abandon Thornwick and make a run for it. The situation had seemed hopeless until that incredible turn of events.
A terrestrial immortal-level expert had somehow appeared out of nowhere and effortlessly resolved the entire city’s crisis with supreme divine power. Matthias couldn’t believe his luck.
###Chapter 2605
Nothing could have made Matthias happier than what he had just witnessed. A powerhouse had cleared the deadly scarlet mist, and the city-wide crisis was resolved. He finally had hope of turning things around again.
Though there would still be some minor troubles to deal with later, these could be handled through human effort. Talk about a dramatic turnaround. Just when things seemed hopeless, everything opened up again.
“Your Highness, the figure has left.”
Just as Matthias was rejoicing, the white figure in the distant sky had already streaked away like a meteor. From arrival to departure, the entire stay lasted less than ten minutes.
“Send someone to investigate and find out this expert’s identity. If there’s a chance to bring them over to our side, do it. Otherwise, don’t force it. But whatever you do, don’t offend them,” Matthias instructed.
He knew all too well that someone with that kind of strength and who could bend the forces of nature to their will wouldn’t be swayed by status or material gain.
People like that stood above worldly concerns.
Matthias knew it would be almost impossible to recruit someone like that, but it was still worth trying. He wasn’t holding out much hope, but miracles had happened before. And right now, he needed one.
In Sommertown, Nathaniel was overseeing an extortion operation while commanding his subordinates.
After multiple failed attempts to control the scarlet mist, he had finally given up. Deep down, he knew the city would
eventually be swallowed by it.
When that happened, the entire city would be reduced to ruins, so he might as well use the time he had left to line his own pockets.
Nathaniel wasn’t targeting ordinary citizens but specifically focused on Sommertown’s wealthy elite and high officials. After all, these people were rich and valued their lives above all else.
All he needed to do was find some random excuse or dig up some dirt on them, and he could extort these influential figures to his heart’s content.
Those who handed over their wealth willingly would naturally keep their lives. Anyone foolish enough to resist would face prison at best or death at worst.
Nathaniel had plenty of experience with this sort of thing. Most of those wealthy officials had skeletons in their closets, and none of them dared report him. It made skimming off their dirty money almost effortless.
Just as he was directing his men to load up the loot, one of his personal guards rushed over and reported, “Your Highness, we have a situation!”
“Sommertown’s about to fall apart. What kind of situation could be worse than that? “Nathaniel replied irritably.
This entire mission had cost him dearly in terms of resources, manpower, and funding. If he didn’t take something back, how else was he supposed to make up for the loss?
“Your Highness, we’ve just received word that the scarlet mist in both Harbortown and Thornwick has disappeared,” the guard reported.
“What? How is that possible?” Nathaniel’s expression changed dramatically. Weren’t they just as helpless as we were? How did they suddenly come back from the brink of collapse?”
Finding out that Harbortown and Thornwick had been saved hit him harder than any financial loss. If all three cities were destroyed, at least the three princes would be starting from the same position. No one would be at a disadvantage.
Tristan and Matthias had solved their problems, while the scarlet mist on his side kept spreading. Nathaniel now felt like someone had thrown him straight into the fire.
“Your Highness, don’t panic,” the guard said. “The mist in Harbortown and Thornwick didn’t just vanish on its own, but someone made it disappear.”
“Someone? What do you mean?” Nathaniel was stunned.
He had already tried every method possible, deploying all his skilled subordinates, yet still couldn’t do anything about the scarlet mist. Could someone else have found a way?
“Your Highness, according to reports from Harbortown and Thornwick, a powerhouse appeared and used supreme divine power to absorb all the mist. That’s what saved those cities from destruction,” the guard explained.
“What?” Nathaniel was shocked.”
Someone with such abilities exists in this world? Do you know who it is?”
“The person’s identity remains a mystery, and we haven’t been able to identify them yet. However, spies from Thornwick have sent word that this powerhouse is flying toward Sommertown and should arrive very soon,” the guard reported.
“Excellent! It looks like Sommertown’s crisis can be resolved.” Nathaniel’s face lit up with joy.
Though he didn’t know the identity of the powerhouse, he would treat him as an honored guest if that person could resolve his crisis.
“Your Highness, should we make any preparations?” the guard asked.
“Of course!” Nathaniel exclaimed. ”
Prepare the finest food and wine. As soon as that powerhouse clears the scarlet mist, I’ll host a feast in their honor.”
“Yes, Your Highness!” The guard acknowledged the order and quickly departed.
“Stop moving those things for now. Clean up all the streets and prepare to welcome our distinguished guest,” Nathaniel shouted, directing his subordinates into action.
Moments later, a streak of light came from the distant horizon and stopped above the scarlet mist.
Nathaniel looked up and saw a white figure hovering in the air. With a single wave of their hand, the skies rumbled and the air shuddered as a massive energy vortex formed out of nowhere.
Then, the figure raised their hand again, and the vortex began spinning rapidly. A terrifying suction burst from its center, sending shockwaves through the air.
Within seconds, winds howled across a six-mile radius, lifting dust and debris from the ground. The scarlet mist that had been spreading outward was now being pulled upward into the vortex at incredible speed.
Although Nathaniel had mentally prepared himself, witnessing this scene still left him speechless with shock.
What kind of person could wield power like this? How could they possess supreme divine power? It was as if they could command the very elements with a simple gesture, like an immortal.
###Chapter 2606
Nathaniel knew the white figure was strong, but he hadn’t expected this level of strength. Within minutes, the figure had cleared away all the scarlet mist.
Every last wisp of it was gone like it had never existed. Such supernatural ability exceeded anything he could have imagined. Witnessing it firsthand was far more shocking than any secondhand report.
When the mist vanished, the white figure raised a hand, and the energy vortex quickly dissipated. Later, a crimson orb drifted down from above and settled into the figure’s palm.
Seeing his chance, Nathaniel channeled his true energy and shouted, “Your Excellency has used supreme divine power to clear away the deadly mist and saved our entire city from disaster.
“I, Prince Nathaniel Linsor, speak for all the citizens in expressing our deepest gratitude for your life-saving grace. Might I humbly request the honor of your company so I can properly show my appreciation as your host?”
This was a carefully crafted speech. First, he praised the white figure’s city-saving heroics, then used gratitude as a way to bridge the gap between them and create a face-to-face meeting opportunity.
At least from his perspective, he had shown genuine sincerity. He thought as long as this mysterious master wasn’t completely heartless, they should at least acknowledge his gesture.
After all, he was the third prince of Dragonmarsh, and his status was nothing short of noble. The fact that he had humbled himself enough to extend a personal invitation was already a rare gesture.
Without hesitation or pause, the white figure above seemed not to have heard anything. They transformed into a meteor and streaked away into the distance without stopping for even a moment.
Seeing that, Nathaniel’s smile froze instantly. He’d made extensive preparations and waited for this expert to show up so he could persuade them to join his cause. Unfortunately, things weren’t going according to his plan.
The powerhouse had no intention of acknowledging him whatsoever. After clearing the scarlet mist, the white figure just left without even sparing him a glance, and didn’t see him as anyone worth their time.
Nathaniel stood there in silence for a moment before finally cursing out loud, venting his frustration. “Damn it!”
As soon as the words left his mouth, a brilliant flash streaked across the distant sky. The next second, a white energy ball came hurtling down from above, crashing to the ground right at his feet.
The impact blasted a crater into the ground, and violent energy waves exploded outward from the pit.
Since Nathaniel was standing close, the blast sent him flying more than 30 feet through the air before he slammed into the ground. He lay there dazed and battered, covered in dust. When he touched his face, blood smeared across his fingers.
Nathaniel’s jaw tightened. He was pissed, but he was smart enough to keep his mouth shut this time. He knew the white energy ball was the powerhouse’s punishment for his outburst. He never imagined that from such a great distance, the figure could still hear his curse.
Indeed, such extraordinary individuals couldn’t be judged by ordinary standards. He finally realized not to offend them in the future.
Deep beneath Ashen Coast, the bone altar shuddered violently. Green ghost flames danced wildly on skull-topped candlesticks, casting flickering shadows across the walls, where murals made of flayed human skin seemed to writhe like
living things.
“Impossible!”
Eldrik Carrion’s withered fingers dug deep into the bronze altar as black blood seeped from beneath his nails. It trickled down the grooves to spread across ancient curse marks in sinister corrosive stains.
The skull crown atop his head emitted a piercing hum while the nine human eyeballs embedded in it simultaneously wept tears of blood.
“This deadly mist was saturated with the vengeful spirits of 100,000 souls, so how could it-”
Before he could finish, the soul-binding bell at the altar’s center exploded. Bronze fragments shot out like blades, carving spider-web cracks across the stone walls.
Sloan Vilehorn, a gaunt figure wrapped entirely in bandages, slowly rose to his feet. His clouded eyes fixed on the black blood pooling on the ground, then suddenly extended his corpse-spotted tongue and licked his fingertip.
“Elder Carrion, look-there are traces of golden light remaining in this blood.
Whoever did this means business.”
Upon hearing that, Eldrik’s eyes widened. Suddenly, his bone armor tore open. The heart of a living person, which was embedded between his ribs, beat frantically and shot a stream of black blood toward the vaulted ceiling.
“It’s a terrestrial immortal!”
His shriek shattered his entire bone armor. From within his ribcage, pale skeletal claws burst out like a nest of vipers.
“When did Skull Covenant offend someone of this level? This can’t be happening.”
The sound of snapping bones swallowed the rest of his words as his skeleton began to twist and grow in reverse. His spine tore through his flesh, jutting out as jagged bone spikes.
“Send out the order and recall all Blood Spyders,” Eldrik instructed.
From the depths came the sound of dragging chains as 12 cultists in human-skin cloaks crawled forward. With each movement, foul-smelling blood seeped from beneath their cloaks, leaving twisted bloodstains on the ground.
The lead figure pulled back his hood, revealing a face half-rotted, half-regenerated. Several pale maggots squirmed in his hollowed-out right eye socket.
“Elder Carrion, though our scarlet mist operation has failed, the corpse pods we’ve planted throughout Ashen Coast can still complete the mission and summon the Skull Lord,” the lead cultist said in a shrill voice.
“Fool!” Eldrik snapped.
He lashed out with a bone spike, piercing the cultist’s chest. The rotting flesh froze solid the instant it came into contact with the bone’s icy energy.
“With that terrestrial immortal standing guard, even if we activate the corpse pods, we won’t gather enough blood sacrifice to summon the Skull Lord.”
“Elder Carrion, I have a plan that could resolve our current crisis,” Sloan interjected.
“Speak.” Eldrik snapped his head toward him
Sloan leaned forward and began whispering in his ear.
“Here’s what we’ll do…”
###Chapter 2607
Eldrik burst into cackling laughter after hearing Sloan’s plan. At that instant, crimson ice crystals crystallized along his freshly grown bone spurs.
“Excellent! What a brilliant scheme,” he commented.
A gleam flashed in his hollow eye sockets as he waved his hand and produced three bone tokens. He tossed them to Sloan.
“Tell Gore, Venom, and Grinder to move now. Let them spread rumors simultaneously, so everyone thinks that this was the work of that terrestrial immortal,” he ordered.
“Yes, Elder Carrion,” Sloan replied. He caught the tokens and vanished from sight.
Thanks to Dustin’s intervention, the scarlet mist that had terrorized countless people was finally wiped out.
With the immediate threat gone, the situation in Ashen Coast began to stabilize.
Tristan, Matthias, and Nathaniel abandoned their plans to flee and began working to contain the outbreak while calming the populace. None of them were willing to give up unless necessary.
But because each prince had made different choices, their cities faced very different outcomes after the mist was eliminated.
Among them, Harbortown under Tristan fared the best. Although there had been some brief unrest, he quickly restored order.
With the preventative medicine Grace had sent, the outbreak was contained for the time being. All parties were actively responding and working together to save the city and weather the crisis.
On the contrary, Matthias faced a much more challenging situation. Before giving up on Thornwick, he had executed a large number of corrupt officials. It had helped him win some public favor and vent the people’s anger, but it also left a power vacuum.
Without those officials to maintain order or enforce controls, chaos persisted. Even though the scarlet mist was gone, restoring stability and containing the outbreak wasn’t something that could be done overnight.
Oddly enough, Nathaniel, who once had the upper hand, ended up in the worst position among his brothers.
Matthias’ execution of corrupt officials had at least served as a warning to others, while giving the people an outlet for their frustration. However, Nathaniel had done nothing meaningful before abandoning his city, except for engaging in ruthless exploitation and outright betrayal.
While appeasing the populace and containing the outbreak, Nathaniel had made grand promises to the nobility and built relationships with them. Then, at the crucial moment, he specifically targeted these same nobles and used every means possible to extort their wealth and resources.
If Sommertown had truly been doomed, such behavior might have had little consequence. But now that the city could be saved, his betrayal had instantly enraged every noble there.
When Nathaniel tried to regain control of the city and demanded the nobles’ cooperation in containing the outbreak and stabilizing the situation, they simply refused to participate.
Worse, they began secretly retaliating and sabotaging his efforts at every turn. As a result, Sommertown descended further into chaos, even harder to stabilize than Thornwick.
But Nathaniel had no one to blame but himself. No matter how angry he was, he had to grit his teeth and bear it.
All three princes had made different choices, and each city now faced a different fate because of it.
As darkness enveloped Sommertown, rustling sounds broke the silence in a cemetery on the outskirts of the city.
Suddenly, a withered black hand thrust up from the earth. The hand, with its long, claw-like nails, looked brittle as deadwood but moved with surprising strength. After a few swipes, it dug a hole straight through the burial mound.
A moment later, a zombie in tattered clothing and gaunt features clawed its way out of the grave. Once the first zombie appeared, a second quickly followed, then a third, then a fourth…
Within just a few minutes, seven zombies had clawed their way out of the ground and their putrid stench filled the air.
The first zombie to surface wore a crystal necklace around its neck that glowed eerily under the moonlight. It released a wet gurgling sound from its throat and began lurching forward with stiff, awkward movements.
The other six zombies followed as it headed toward the populated areas of the city.
The undead could cover 30 feet in a single bound. They possessed incredible strength, and their bodies were hard as iron. Wherever they passed, plants withered and died, leaving blackened earth in their wake.
On a main road outside the city, the streets were empty due to the citywide lockdown. Only scattered squads of soldiers remained at the checkpoints, preventing anyone from fleeing and spreading the outbreak beyond the city limits.
“I heard that the scarlet mist finally disappeared,” one soldier said. “Some powerhouse must have intervened. We can finally breathe a little easier now.”
“Yeah. Now that the mist is gone, at least Sommertown won’t be wiped off the map. As for the outbreak, we’ll just have to wait for the higher-ups to develop an antidote.”
“With the whole city in crisis, we’re lucky to be alive at all.”
At one checkpoint, a squad of soldiers chatted among themselves. Since the mist’s disappearance, fewer people were attempting to force their way through, giving them some respite.
“Hey, look! What’s that?”
One soldier suddenly gestured toward the darkness ahead, having spotted something unusual.
The others followed his gaze to the far end of the road, where several figures were lurching toward them with jerky, unnatural movements.
The approaching figures’ eyes glowed green with an unsettling light that sent chills down their spines.
###Chapter 2608
“What’s going on? Why are those people moving so strangely?” one of the soldiers asked.
“Their eyes are glowing green, and they don’t look human at all. Could they be some kind of monsters?” another asked.
“Stay alert, and don’t let your guard down!
As the figures in the distance drew closer, the soldiers tensed up and raised their weapons.
The figures moved faster with each lurching step, every movement stiff and unnatural. Within moments, they reached the checkpoint. Under the glare of the lights, the soldiers finally got a clear look, and their faces went pale.
“Zombies! Those are zombies!”
“Open fire now!”
Seeing the shriveled zombies with glowing green eyes, the soldiers raised their rifles and opened fire without hesitation.
The rounds hit dead-on, but the creatures didn’t even flinch. Their withered bodies were tougher than steel, and the bullets couldn’t penetrate. 1
By the time the soldiers emptied an entire round, the only visible damage was to the zombies’ already tattered clothing. Not a single one went down.
The lead zombie let out a low growl and suddenly lunged at a soldier. It opened its rotting mouth wide and sank its teeth deep into his neck.
The soldier screamed, his rifle clattering to the ground. His body convulsed violently as his once-strong frame visibly shriveled. Within seconds, he was dead.
After the bite, the green glow in the zombie’s eyes burned brighter.
After the first man fell, the second followed quickly, then the third, then the fourth. Soon, the entire squad was slaughtered. Ordinary humans were no match for the monsters nurtured by the Skull Covenant.
Once the soldiers were dead, the seven zombies shambled forward in search of more human flesh.
Moments later, the first soldier who had been bitten began twitching on the ground. His lifeless eyes gradually lit up with a faint green glow. A second later, he lurched to his feet and was turned into a zombie.
After the first soldier turned, the second followed soon after, then the third, the fourth… In the end, the entire squad was infected by the zombie virus and transformed into the undead. Just like the ones before them, they followed the scent of human flesh.
A new disaster had begun, one that spread faster and proved deadlier than the last. Unlike the earlier plague, this zombie virus moved with terrifying speed and couldn’t be contained.
The plague could still be managed with medicine, roadblocks, and strict lockdowns to keep the situation under control, but the zombie virus was different.
It didn’t matter if people hid at home or found shelter elsewhere. As long as they were still breathing, the zombies would break in and infect them.
A single bite was all it took to set the chain in motion. The victim would become a zombie, carrying the virus and passing it to the next. One turned into ten, ten into 100, and soon 100 became 1,000.
The zombie virus spread faster than anyone in Sommertown could have imagined.
By the time Nathaniel realized what was happening and began organizing a proper defense, the zombie virus had already infected over 1,000 people and was continuing to spread.
The situation gave him a severe headache. Just as one crisis had been resolved, another struck. The scarlet mist had just been dispersed, and before there was even time to breathe, the zombie virus had broken out.
It was clear the remnants of the Skull Covenant were hellbent on wiping out the entire city. Their methods were so ruthless and unpredictable that no defense could stop them.
The crisis wasn’t limited to Sommertown. Harbortown, Thornwick, and Reedcrest were all facing the same disaster.
These bulletproof zombies, awakened by the Skull Covenant, had begun causing chaos everywhere and spreading the zombie virus. As a result, all four cities were plunged into varying degrees of disorder.
In Reedcrest, Dustin was meditating and refining the three crimson orbs he had recently acquired. Though laced with deadly poison, each orb held a tremendous amount of energy. For him, they were more boon than threat.
He had only just broken through, and his body was still adjusting to the change. With the energy nourishing his body, his cultivation level began to stabilize.
Suddenly, someone knocked at the door, followed by Sadie’s anxious voice.
“Mr. Rhys, something has happened in Reedcrest. Ms. Linsor asks that you head over immediately.”
“Hmm?”
Dustin slowly opened his eyes. With a light wave of his hand, the door swung open, and he asked, “Didn’t we just resolve the scarlet mist crisis? What could be so urgent now?”
“It’s not related to the mist,” she replied. ” Reedcrest is facing a new disaster. Ms. Linsor will explain the details herself.”
“Alright, I’ll go take a look.”
As soon as he finished speaking, his figure vanished from the room.
Sadie flinched in surprise. One second, he was right there, and the next, the room was empty. It was as if a god had disappeared before her eyes.
A few seconds later, Dustin appeared in the living room of another residence. Grace was speaking with her trusted aide. When she saw him appear, she immediately waved for the aide to leave.
“Sadie mentioned that Reedcrest has suffered a new disaster. What exactly is it? “Dustin asked.
“Zombies,” she answered grimly.
“We just received reports that several villages on the outskirts were attacked, and there were no survivors. The infected are now moving toward the city center. If we don’t stop them in time, Reedcrest could be wiped out.”
###Chapter 2609
“Zombies?” Dustin raised an eyebrow, surprised. “I’ve heard stories, but I’ve never actually seen one. Are they really as powerful as the legends claim?”
Zombies were abominations that defied the natural order, driven by an insatiable hunger for the living and nearly impossible to kill. They fed on human flesh, especially brains. Wherever they appeared, they spread like wildfire.
Ancient records claimed that some of the strongest could wipe out entire cities, leaving nothing but scorched ruins in their wake.
Grace replied grimly, “They’re creatures of pure darkness, unnatural and dangerous in every way. Their bodies are tough as iron, nearly bulletproof, and incredibly hard to kill.
“The scariest part isn’t their strength, but the virus they carry. One bite or even a scratch is enough to turn a person into one of them. And once it starts, the infection spreads like wildfire. One turns into ten, ten into 100.”
Compared to the plague, the zombie virus was far more aggressive and impossible to contain. While plague could be managed with medicine and lockdowns, there was no stopping it once the virus broke out.
The only effective method was the total eradication of all infected individuals to prevent further outbreaks. If the zombie incursion couldn’t be contained, the fall of Reedcrest would only be a matter of time.
“The Skull Covenant remnants really don’t know when to quit,” Dustin said, clearly irritated. “First the plague, then the scarlet mist, and now zombies? It’s been one attack after another.”
Though he had recently broken through to a new realm and could handle far more than before, the chaos stirred up by the Skull Covenant was pushing his patience to its limit. If he ever found their hiding place, he would wipe out every last one of them in one fell sweep.1
“I’ve already deployed troops to block off every major route,” Grace said.
She continued, expressing her concern, ” But I can’t guarantee they’ll be able to hold off a large-scale zombie attack. If our defense lines fall, then Reedcrest’s civilians will lose all protection. When that happens, the entire city will turn into a bloodbath.”
The zombie virus spread faster than anyone could respond. If the military itself became infected, the situation would spiral far beyond control.
“What do you need me to do?” Dustin asked bluntly. Since she had called him over, he figured she had a specific plan in mind.
“I need you to stop the zombies from breaking through. If possible, wipe them out,” Grace replied.
“How many zombies are there in Reedcrest?”
“Hundreds or maybe more. And the number’s growing fast,” she answered honestly.
Dustin said, “With them scattered across the city, I can’t kill them fast enough to keep up with the infection rate.”
He paused to think, then added, “Here’s the plan. Have your troops evacuate the civilians and move them far from any known zombie clusters. That’ll slow the spread.
“Then, pick a few teams to herd the zombies into a single area. Once they’re gathered, I’ll take them all out at once. It’s faster and more efficient.”
“Great. I’ll send the orders now,” Grace replied. She waved one of her aides over and quickly issued instructions. Just as he said, trying to hunt down the infected one by one would be far too slow. Coordinated elimination was their best chance of saving the city.
“Given the Skull Covenant remnants’ typical behavior, I doubt Reedcrest is the only city hit by this zombie outbreak,” Dustin remarked.
“You’re right.” Grace nodded seriously.
“The first outbreak happened in Sommertown. Then it spread to Thornwick and Harbortown. Reedcrest was the last to be affected. Compared to the others, we’re actually in better shape. But in Sommertown, thousands have already been infected by the zombie virus.”
“The zombie crisis broke out in four cities at the same time? The remnants of the Skull Covenant are really pushing us to a dead end.” He narrowed his eyes slightly, with murderous intent in his eyes.
“They’re using these outbreaks as part of a massive blood ritual to summon their so-called Skull Lord,” she said with a frown.
“If we want to contain the outbreak in Reedcrest, we can’t ignore the other cities, either. Send word to the three princes immediately. Tell them to start evacuating civilians and stop the spread of the virus. Once the infected are rounded up, I’ll deal with the zombies myself,” Dustin said firmly.
“Got it.” Grace turned and began relaying the new orders without hesitation.
This was a matter of life and death for the people of every city. Everyone needed to come together. After all, if the zombie virus truly broke out, the disaster wouldn’t be limited to just four cities.
It would spread across the entire Ashen Coast and possibly all of Dragonmarsh, triggering an unprecedented wave of unrest. A disaster like that could shake the nation to its core.
When Grace relayed the warning to the three princes, each reacted differently.
Tristan acted quickly and decisively. He immediately followed her advice, instructing his men to evacuate civilians and keep them far from any infected areas to stop the spread of the virus.
His decision came from both his trust in Grace and the simple logic of her reasoning. After all, he had no better solution. All he could do was carry out the plan and hope the mysterious expert would put an end to this new wave of undead.
Compared to Tristan, Matthias was stubborn and autocratic. In his eyes, there was nothing that couldn’t be solved with military force.
A few measly zombies were hardly worth his concern. With guns, tanks, and aircraft at his command, he didn’t believe anything could withstand his firepower.
To him, ordering a retreat was an act of cowardice and something he scoffed at without hesitation. But that arrogance would soon cost him dearly.
###Chapter 2610
When the zombie army attacked, Matthias refused to retreat. He led his troops into a full-scale counteroffensive, deploying tanks and artillery against what he saw as nothing more than monstrous corpses.
In his mind, even bulletproof zombies couldn’t possibly withstand tank fire. A single shell could flatten solid iron, so what chance did the undead stand?
The idea sounded solid in theory, but reality was completely different because there were simply too many zombies.
When tens of thousands swarmed in from every direction, there was no way to hold them back.
These zombies were fearless and would never back down as they charged straight into tank shells and artillery fire, as if they meant nothing to them.
The military’s defensive fortifications were utterly useless against the zombies. Bullets had no effect, as if the creatures were immune to gunfire.
Tanks and artillery could tear their bodies apart, but the problem was efficiency. When facing tens of thousands of zombies, dozens of tanks could hardly reduce their
overwhelming numbers.
Even with limbs blown off, the zombies continued to advance. Only total obliteration could stop them, which usually demanded multiple direct tank rounds for each creature.
Initially, Matthias’s counterattack achieved some success in wiping out part of the horde. But once the zombies closed the distance with his forces, he finally realized the scale of the threat.
Speed, strength, and unnatural durability were only part of the problem. Their real danger lay in the virus they carried, as anyone bitten or even scratched would turn into one of them within seconds.
The real horror began when swarms of zombies jumped into the trenches. In close combat, even elite soldiers were helpless.
Even after emptying an entire magazine, it couldn’t bring the zombies down. Instead, the creature would lunge forward and sink its teeth into the nearest soldier. Moments later, the fallen soldier would rise again and become one of them, then turn on his own comrades.
Under this kind of assault, where every casualty became a new enemy, Matthias’s so-called well-trained army proved useless. They didn’t stop the outbreak, but instead helped the zombie virus spread faster.
“Damn it! What the hell are these monsters? Why do they keep multiplying, no matter how many we kill?” Matthias snapped.
From a distance, he scowled as he looked through his binoculars toward the trenches. His voice was sharp with frustration and disbelief.
At first, he had felt confident when he saw tanks blast zombies apart. He thought he was being bold, decisive, and made smart tactical decisions.
But once the zombie horde reached the trenches, the battlefield became a massacre, and Matthias was left stunned by how fast his advantage disappeared.
He never expected his army to collapse so easily, like they were made of glass the moment contact was made. Or maybe the truth was worse-the zombies were far more terrifying than he had ever imagined.
“Your Highness, we have to pull back,” Neville urged him. “If this goes on, you’re just sending them to die.”
He had been staying close to protect Matthias so he could clearly see the situation unraveling. The army that Matthias had assembled were nothing but sitting ducks. If they kept pushing, there wouldn’t be a single man left standing by nightfall.
“Where are the cannons? Bring out all my artillery and blast these monsters to pieces, “Matthias roared as he clung to the hope of a final stand.
“Your Highness, all the cannons have already been deployed,” Neville said frantically. “There are too many of them. We can’t kill them fast enough. If we don’t retreat now, we’re all going to die here.”
He could already see several unusually aggressive zombies charging toward them. These were different as they leaped more than 30 feet at a time, moving with terrifying speed. Even direct artillery hits barely slowed them down. Whatever they were, they weren’t any ordinary zombies.
“There has to be another way. I can’t lose to these creatures. Not like this,” Matthias muttered as he paced back and forth while desperately trying to think of a solution.
He had led armies through countless battles and rarely tasted defeat. However, he’d never encountered a situation like this before.
“Your Highness, the defensive line has collapsed. We can’t hold them anymore,” Neville shouted, drenched in sweat.
That brief moment of hesitation had already cost them dozens more lives. The defensive position they had fought so hard to maintain had collapsed entirely.
The soldiers fought bravely and refused to back down, but ultimately, they were no match for the overwhelming tide of zombies.
“Retreat! Everyone, fall back now!”
Matthias finally gave the order when it became clear the situation was beyond saving.
“Retreat and sound the horn!” Neville barked. Upon hearing that, the few remaining soldiers broke ranks and scattered in a desperate attempt to flee.
Unfortunately, the zombies were too fast and the soldiers couldn’t outrun them.
Within moments, all the retreating soldiers had fallen victim to the zombie swarm.
When he witnessed his men get torn apart by the undead, Neville felt a crushing sense of helplessness. As a general, standing by while his soldiers were slaughtered without being able to save them was unbearable.
If they had retreated earlier, they could have saved some lives. Even saving just one more person would have been worth it.
“You damn beasts! I’ll kill every last one of you,” Neville roared. Consumed by rage, he drew his steel blade and was about to charge toward the zombie horde.
“What the hell are you doing? Do you have a death wish?” Matthias snapped. He reacted quickly and grabbed Neville’s arm.
Even though Neville was a grandmaster martial artist, his strength meant little in the face of thousands of zombies. No matter how many he could cut down-ten, or 100-it wouldn’t change the outcome. Once his stamina ran out, death was the only end waiting for him.
###Chapter 2611
“Your Highness, we just lost over 1,000 men. How can I face the souls of our fallen comrades if I don’t slaughter every last one of these monsters?” Neville asked.
His expression was one of rage and grief, and his fingers trembled on the blade’s handle.
“The dead can’t be brought back to life. Our men have already made their sacrifice. You can’t throw your life away too. We have to fall back now. Once we figure out a way to stop them, we’ll avenge them properly,” Matthias said firmly.
Ordinary soldiers could be replaced, but a battle-hardened general like Neville was irreplaceable, and Matthias wasn’t about to stand by and let that happen.
“But Your Highness-”
“This is an order!” Matthias cut Neville off. As the zombie horde closed in fast on the front line, Matthias grew anxious. Without saying anything, he pulled Neville toward a nearby helicopter.
With a deafening roar, the rotors spun to life. The wind kicked up around them as the aircraft lifted off the ground.
Just as they rose into the sky, one zombie leaped from the advancing horde. It shot upward nearly 25 feet and slashed at the chopper with claws that carved deep gouges into the fuselage.
The entire aircraft jolted, and Matthias turned pale from the shock. But the pilot quickly steadied the controls, pulled higher, and sped off toward safety.
The helicopter flew fast and quickly pulled ahead, leaving the zombies behind. But the horde didn’t slow down as they kept pursuing.
Zombies didn’t need sight or sound to hunt. As long as something was alive and breathing, it became their target.
In Sommertown, Nathaniel was taking a much more innovative approach than Matthias’ panicked retreat.
Rather than confronting the zombie horde head-on, Nathaniel had mobilized his military forces to evacuate civilians at maximum speed while simultaneously building defensive barriers to slow the zombies’ advance.
His strategy was simple. If he couldn’t solve the crisis himself, he would leave it to someone who could. He firmly believed that the powerhouse who single-handedly cleared the scarlet mist wouldn’t stand by and watch the city fall.
For now, Nathaniel’s priority was preserving what remained of his forces and waiting for that powerhouse to step in and rescue them.
Nevertheless, he had prepared a last-resort plan. If even that powerhouse couldn’t handle the zombie threat, he would have no choice but to request missile strikes from Oakvale to level the infected zones.
However, such a scorched-earth solution would leave most of Sommertown in ruins, and recovery would take years or possibly decades. It was a nuclear option in every sense, and Nathaniel would only authorize it if there were truly no other way because the cost would be almost too great to justify.
At the break of dawn in Reedcrest, Grace’s suicide squad had successfully lured around 10,000 zombies into a narrow canyon.
The canyon stretched between two mountains with only a thin passage in the middle, barely wide enough for three people to walk side by side. This confined space forced the massive zombie horde to form a single long line stretching through the entire canyon.
Dustin stood quietly at the cliff’s edge, watching everything below with perfect clarity. Once every zombie had entered the canyon, he finally acted. He raised both hands high above his head and gently pressed them toward the canyon’s entrance.
A tremendous roar shook the earth as the ground began trembling violently. The mountains on both sides of the canyon began to close in rapidly. It looked as though invisible giant hands were forcibly squeezing the two massive peaks together.
The canyon’s front end sealed first, blocking the zombie horde’s exit completely. The rear end quickly followed and cut off any possibility of retreat.
With both ends now closed, the zombie army found itself completely trapped. They couldn’t move forward or backward. All they could do was to roar and howl endlessly at the canyon walls surrounding them.
“Go back to wherever you came from!” Dustin roared as he took a deep breath and pressed both palms downward with crushing force.
A deafening crash erupted as the two mountains collided and buried the original canyon entirely. Over 10,000 zombies were instantly crushed and vanished without a trace, buried deep within solid rock.
However, Dustin wasn’t satisfied yet. He struck down with another devastating palm strike from above. Massive boulders tumbled down from both mountain peaks and buried the already destroyed canyon under several additional layers of stone.
Under these conditions, the zombies trapped inside would never escape unless someone completely leveled both mountains.
So what if they were undead and immortal with their sinister evil nature? Since they were buried directly under the mountains, they would never see daylight again.
Inside the helicopter hovering above, Grace and Sadie watched this shocking scene unfold before them with undisguised amazement.
Although Grace had mentally prepared herself, she still couldn’t hide her astonishment. With just a single wave of his hand, two entire mountains moved. That was the true power of a terrestrial immortal. As she watched it happen, she couldn’t help but feel like she was witnessing a living god.
Sadie was even more shaken than Grace had been. Back when Dustin created the vortex to absorb the scarlet mist, it hadn’t hit her that hard.
But after seeing him move entire mountains as if it were nothing and reshape the landscape itself, she finally understood just how powerful Dustin truly was. He had surpassed what any human should be capable of.
###Chapter 2612
Dustin had two ways to deal with the zombie hordes. Besides using mountains to crush them, he could also use supreme divine power to extract the death energy from their bodies.
Once drained of that energy, the zombies would collapse into corpses. But the process was inefficient because he would need to extract energy from each zombie individually.
When facing thousands of zombies, it was like trying to drain a lake with a cup. It would drain his strength long before it made a difference.
Dustin knew brute force was far more efficient than draining death energy individually. The best solution was to herd all the zombies into one place and crush them with his mountain-moving abilities. It was simple, fast, and devastatingly effective.
The only challenge lay in concentrating the zombie army. Given their nature, even one escaped zombie could cause the virus to spread rapidly again.
After flattening the horde beneath the mountain, Dustin shot upward in a flash and reappeared inside the hovering helicopter.
“Reedcrest’s crisis is handled. What’s the status of the other three cities? Where should I head next?” he asked Grace.
Her face turned serious. “Thornwick is in chaos. Matthias ignored our warnings and deployed regular military forces instead. Not only were they completely ineffective, but their presence actually accelerated the spread of the zombie virus.
“More than 10,000 people in that city have already been infected and turned into zombies. If we can still rescue anyone, we need to act fast. Otherwise, things will spiral out of control.”
Matthias’ arrogance and stubbornness infuriated her. He had acted recklessly for the sake of proving himself and salvaging his reputation while gambling with countless civilian lives. Such foolishness was inexcusable.
If Dragonmarsh’s future ever fell into the hands of such a reckless person, countless people would suffer. Despite her anger, Grace had no choice but to clean up his mess for the sake of the people.
“If the situation in Thornwick has already spiraled out of control, even my strength alone won’t be enough to eliminate all the zombies,” Dustin analyzed rationally. ” Matthias has to cooperate and round them up in one place. Without that, there’s no way to deal with it efficiently.”
Going there now would be like fighting a forest fire with a cup of water if Matthias hadn’t evacuated civilians and gathered the zombies.
The wiser choice would be to visit the other two cities first to stabilize those situations. After resolving their problems, he could then focus all his efforts on helping Thornwick.
“You’re right. I didn’t think it through,” Grace admitted with a nod.
She continued, “I’ve already sent reinforcements to help Matthias hold the line and protect civilians. As for Harbortown and Sommertown, they’ve both managed to lure the zombies into containment zones as planned. I recommend starting with Harbortown since it’s closer.”
“Got it. I’ll head there now,” Dustin replied.
Without another word, his figure vanished from the helicopter. A second later, he reappeared about 330 feet away, streaking through the air like a meteor toward Harbortown at blinding speed.
First the plague, then the scarlet mist, and now zombie armies. Ever since setting foot in Ashen Coast, he hadn’t stopped moving. He had been constantly rushing from one emergency to another.
He finally understood what “with great power comes great responsibility” truly meant. Even a terrestrial immortal would feel exhausted from this endless cycle of crises, but he had no choice.
With countless lives at stake and the safety of Ashen Coast hanging in the balance, he could only grit his teeth and persevere no matter how difficult or tiring it became.
Unlike the mountainous terrain of Reedcrest, Harbortown was situated near the ocean and was renowned for its extensive harbor network.
Following advice from Milton and his team of advisors, Tristan had organized over a dozen suicide squads to lure the entire zombie horde into the city’s largest harbor.
Tristan’s original plan was to drown the zombie army in the ocean. Unfortunately, he quickly discovered this strategy wouldn’t work since zombies weren’t afraid of water.
More precisely, zombies were reanimated corpses that relied on death energy and the zombie virus within their bodies to sustain all movement, so they couldn’t possibly be drowned. The water could only slightly restrict their mobility without providing any fundamental solution.
Drowning wasn’t the only tactic Tristan had tried. He’d also used incendiary bombs to burn them and launched concentrated artillery strikes to blow them apart.
The strikes had done some damage, but there were just too many of them. And with every zombie practically bulletproof, they were nearly impossible to kill unless blown to pieces.
The bigger problem was that large-scale artillery attacks would devastate the city itself. Even if they could eliminate the zombies, sustained bombardment would likely destroy half the city.
That kind of price was too high. Unless the situation became hopeless, destroying the city to save it made no sense.
At least for now, Tristan hadn’t reached that breaking point yet. In his mind, there was still that terrestrial immortal who could serve as their ultimate backup plan. Once that powerhouse intervened, dealing with this zombie army should pose no real challenge.
###Chapter 2613
Aboard the helicopter flying over the harbor, Tristan and Milton gazed down at the densely packed zombie horde covering the ground below. The sight filled them with dread.
The zombie attack had begun yesterday. In barely more than ten hours, the number of people infected with the zombie virus had already exceeded 10,000.
If Tristan hadn’t ordered an immediate evacuation of nearby civilians, the numbers would’ve been far worse. His quick response had kept the outbreak from spiraling completely out of control.
Even so, 10,000 bulletproof zombies posed a terrifying threat. Tristan had already launched multiple rounds of airstrikes and artillery bombardments to slow them down.
Half the harbor was now in ruins, yet the damage to the horde itself had been minimal. All he could do now was try to contain the spread and buy more time.
“Your Highness, we’ve managed to lure almost all the zombies from Harbortown to this location,” Milton reported after receiving a message through his earpiece. ” Our teams are tracking down the few that slipped through. They shouldn’t affect the overall situation.”
“Well done. Now we wait for that powerhouse to make their move,” Tristan replied with a nod.
The horde had gathered, just as planned. All that was left was for the powerhouse to strike. One decisive blow would wipe out the zombies and end the crisis for good.
“Your Highness, what if that powerhouse doesn’t show up?” Milton suddenly asked.
“The message from Grace should be reliable,” Tristan replied, shaking his head.
“Your Highness, it’s better to be safe than sorry. We’ve been using human lives to attract these zombies. If the situation spirals out of control, the consequences would be unthinkable,” Milton said with a grave expression.
He didn’t say it outright, but the implication was clear-staking the future of the entire city on a stranger’s promise was a gamble they might not be able to afford.
“You make a valid point. I actually do have a backup plan, but the losses would be too great. I won’t resort to it unless necessary, “Tristan replied.
“As long as you have contingencies in place, Your Highness,” Milton said with a nod.
In moments of crisis, it was more important than ever for a future ruler to stay calm and in control.
“Oh, by the way, what’s the current situation in Thornwick and Sommertown? “Tristan asked.
Milton answered, “Thornwick is in complete chaos. When the zombie army invaded, Prince Matthias’ first reaction wasn’t to retreat and regroup strategically.
Instead, he deployed troops for a direct counterattack.
“As a result, over 1,000 soldiers are dead. Civilians got caught in the crossfire, and now the number of people infected with the zombie virus is rapidly increasing. It’s probably several times worse than our situation here.”
Tristan shook his head with a faint smile. ” Matthias is still as impulsive as ever. He thinks he can solve everything through brute force and lacks an understanding of strategic retreat. All he’s doing is dragging others down with him.”
The more chaotic Thornwick became, the better it was for him.
If the outbreak in the city couldn’t be contained and the zombie virus spread on a large scale, there would only be one solution for the sake of national security-use overwhelming firepower to destroy the entire city.
When it came to that, Matthias would lose all qualification to compete for the throne.
It wouldn’t matter how many supporters he had. A prince who allowed an entire city to be destroyed because of one reckless decision could never be trusted to rule. If someone like that became king, Dragonmarsh would be finished.
Tristan wasn’t the only one who’d oppose it. The entire court-civil and military-would stand against him. Even Valon would never approve of Matthias becoming the ruler.
So now, Tristan was hoping Thornwick would fall as quickly as possible. Once Matthias was out of the picture, the pressure on him would ease significantly.
“What about Sommertown, where Nathaniel is stationed? Has the zombie virus spread there yet?” Tristan asked again.
Milton replied, “Sommertown’s situation is a bit worse than ours here in Harbortown, but not as bad as Thornwick. It’s somewhere in between.”
He added, “I have to admit, Prince Nathaniel does have some real capability. Since Sommertown was the first to face the outbreak, it’s impressive he’s managed to hold things together this long.”
“He’s always been smart,” Tristan remarked. “Honestly, I expected him to handle things better than Matthias. But Nathaniel only cares about short-term gains. He has no real grasp of the bigger picture.”
His expression remained calm as he went on, “I heard that during the scarlet mist crisis, Nathaniel was more focused on extortion and seizing resources. That didn’t sit well with the nobles and officials in Sommertown.
“Now that the zombie virus has broken out, these nobles and officials are not only refusing to cooperate but are actively sabotaging his efforts. At this rate, I estimate he won’t last much longer either.”
He had a clear grasp of both his brothers’ movements because the spies he had planted around them reported back regularly.
“Prince Matthias and Prince Nathaniel are nothing compared to your wisdom and strength, Your Highness,” Milton said, seizing the opportunity to flatter him.
He continued, “Your Highness has both courage and strategy. You carry the people in your heart. No one but you is fit to be Crown Prince. No one else is worthy of the throne.”
Tristan laughed, clearly pleased. “Milton, you really do know how to talk.”
If his mother’s family had wielded absolute power, would he have ever been overshadowed by Matthias or Nathaniel? When it came to strategy, political skill, or leadership, he outshone them both. The throne should have been his all along.
Just then, Milton seemed to notice something and suddenly pointed into the distance.
“Your Highness, look. The powerhouse has arrived,” he said.
###Chapter 2614
Tristan followed Milton’s gaze into the distance, where a brilliant white light was streaking toward them at breakneck speed.
It carved a glowing trail across the sky, splitting massive clouds as it tore through them. In seconds, the light reached the airspace directly above the harbor. The force of its arrival stirred up hurricane-level winds that violently rocked their helicopter.
When the turbulence finally eased, Tristan looked up and saw a figure in white hovering in the air, no more than 600 feet away.
With his sharp eyesight, he should’ve been able to see the figure’s face clearly. But no matter how hard he stared, everything remained blurry, as if some invisible force was deliberately obscuring the figure.
“Milton, can you see what this powerhouse looks like?” he asked. Milton shook his head. “No. I can’t make out their face, either. They’re clearly hiding their appearance on purpose.”
“So the powerhouse is deliberately masking their identity,” Tristan said, disappointed.
He had hoped to see what a terrestrial immortal actually looked like. Instead, the powerhouse had used supreme divine power to obscure their features.
After thinking it over, this made perfect sense since hidden masters rarely appeared before ordinary people. If it hadn’t been for the disaster that struck Ashen Coast, the powerhouse likely would’ve remained hidden.
From what Tristan could tell, the mysterious figure wasn’t hostile. They seemed like a righteous force, fighting for their country and people. Whoever they were, they didn’t appear to be a threat.
“Your Highness, that powerhouse’s preparing to unleash their powers. We should move to a safer distance,” Milton warned.
“Fall back 3,000 feet,” Tristan ordered without hesitation.
Given the supreme divine power that the powerhouse had already displayed before, staying too close would mean inviting disaster.
After all, Tristan just needed to observe and stay out of the way. The rest could be left to this extraordinary figure.
Down below, the zombie horde surged forward with deafening roars. The last remaining suicide squad members were surrounded. Trapped with no way out, they were overwhelmed and infected by the virus.
Tristan had managed to lure the zombies to the harbor and buy this much time only through the sacrifice of dozens of squad members.
After all, zombies hunted using scent and were drawn only to living humans. To gather the scattered undead into one concentrated swarm, those soldiers had used their own lives as bait.
Over 100 suicide squad members had already perished in this desperate gambit. Every one of them had died as a martyr for their country.
“So many people infected in just one night?
High in the sky, Dustin looked down at the massive swarm of zombies surrounding the harbor and frowned slightly. The situation in Thornwick was clearly worse than in Reedcrest.
What made it even more troubling was that Harbortown had supposedly been the least affected city besides Reedcrest. If this were the situation here, he could only imagine how bad it was in the other two cities.
“I’ll do what I can.”
Without wasting another second, he raised his left hand and drew on the forces of nature. Then, he made a grasping motion toward the ocean.
Suddenly, the surface of the sea surged upward. The waves shot from 15 feet to 150, then kept climbing-200, 300, 400 feet. A towering wall of water hundreds of feet high had risen out of nowhere, and it was still growing.
Tristan sat frozen in shock inside the helicopter.
They were flying at nearly 3,300 feet, yet right before his eyes, the ocean had surged into a massive tsunami, rising higher until it was on the verge of overtaking them. As the wave continued to climb, towering above the helicopter like a mountain of water, panic set in.
He shouted, “Fly higher! Take us up to 6,500 feet and fall back at least two miles.”
The pilot didn’t hesitate. He immediately ascended to 6,500 feet and steered the helicopter back nearly two miles.
There was no choice because that towering wave-easily over 3,000 feet tall-exuded such overwhelming pressure that it felt like the whole sky was collapsing.
If that wave crashed down, it wouldn’t just affect them or their helicopter. Even steel-reinforced concrete skyscrapers wouldn’t be able to withstand such terrifyingly destructive force.
“Oh my God! Is that powerhouse even human? They just raised a wave thousands of feet high, as if it were nothing. This is insane,” Tristan gasped.
He swallowed hard and was once again stunned beyond words. The previous energy vortex had been frightening enough, but this towering tsunami was even more terrifying. That sky-blotting, oppressive presence could only be described as horrifying.
“So this is what a Terrestrial Immortal can do?” Milton muttered, swallowing hard. ” Controlling nature with just a wave of the hand. It’s unreal.”
Though he had experienced many storms in his life, this was the first time he had witnessed such a spectacular scene. This was no longer something that humans could possess.
“Fall,” Dustin commanded. The moment he thrust his left hand downward, the 3,000-foot-high wall of water came crashing down like a massive hammer, slamming toward the ground with tremendous force.
###Chapter 2615
When the massive tsunami crashed down, it plunged the entire world into darkness. The sheer force compressed the air into a devastating hurricane that swept outward in every direction. Sand and debris exploded through the harbor as thick clouds of dust billowed everywhere.
The 3,000-foot wall of water slammed into the harbor with crushing force. Docked ships were instantly torn apart and vanished beneath the churning waves. Buildings, houses, and port facilities near the waterfront collapsed like cardboard the moment the tsunami hit.
The impact and destructive force were unlike anything Tristan had ever imagined. Even from a safe distance, the sight made his skin crawl and filled him with dread.
Within seconds, the entire harbor disappeared under the surging water. The zombie army that had been advancing nearby was caught in the devastation and swallowed whole.
The tsunami didn’t stop there. It kept pushing inland with unstoppable momentum. Everything in its path faced total annihilation. Houses crumbled, trees were uprooted, and the remaining zombie hordes were swept away without a trace.
The wall of water surged more than 30 miles inland until every last zombie had been submerged. Only then did its relentless advance finally come to a halt.
High in the sky, Dustin formed hand seals and pointed at the seawater below.
“Freeze!”
A deafening boom split the air as an enormous formation, stretching nearly half a mile in diameter, appeared above the churning sea.
Instantly, the surrounding temperature plummeted. The scorching summer heat gave way to the bone-chilling cold of winter.
Beneath the formation, the raging seawater froze. Everything below the surface became encased in ice-fish suspended mid-swim, ship wreckage, building debris, and zombies.
The freezing effect started in one concentrated area. As the bitter cold spread outward, the frozen area continued to expand. Within two minutes, the entire flooded zone had transformed into one massive sheet of ice.
“This is absolutely terrifying. It’s beyond anything I could have imagined,” Tristan remarked.
From the helicopter, he looked down at the frozen seawater below. His hair stood on end as the full magnitude of what had happened sank in.
One casual point of a finger had turned over 30 miles of churning seawater into solid ice in seconds. That level of supreme divine power was something he had never seen before.
The sheer difficulty made even summoning a 3,000-foot tsunami seem simple by comparison. While a tsunami only involved displacing water, freezing 30 miles of seawater required transforming it into solid ice. It was an effort that demanded exponentially more energy.
“Anyone who reaches the terrestrial immortal realm has surpassed the limits of what humans can achieve. Only such existence can easily resolve this disaster,” Milton said in awe.
Over 10,000 invulnerable zombies were frozen solid in a matter of seconds. Not even their most advanced aircraft and heavy artillery could have achieved such a result.
“It’s not over yet,” Tristan said as he stared intently at the white figure below.
Instead of leaving after freezing the sea, Dustin raised one hand high and made a striking motion through the air toward the icy surface below.
A deafening roar cracked across the sky as an enormous golden palm materialized out of nowhere. It crashed down like a mountain onto the frozen ground, casting the land below in shadow. The sheer scale of it was overwhelming.
As it descended, the air warped, and the ground seemed to shift. Even from a distance, the pressure it gave off was terrifying.
The golden palm slammed into the ice with a thunderous crash. The impact rolled through the earth like a shockwave, and far -off peaks shifted under the pressure.
The ice beneath the giant palm exploded into powder. Cracks spread outward at blistering speed, spiderwebbing across the frozen surface. Within seconds, the fractures had spread over 30 miles.
Everything buried beneath the surface was torn apart. The zombie army that had been trapped earlier was now shattered into pieces. Their so-called invulnerability meant nothing because Dustin’s single palm strike wiped them out completely.
The death energy and zombie virus within their bodies vanished without a trace, and revival was no longer even a possibility.
Tristan and Milton stared in stunned silence, unable to say a word. That one strike had left them shaken to the core.
###Chapter 2616
Inside the helicopter, Tristan and Milton sat in stunned silence. Neither of them could find the words to describe what they had just witnessed.
From the moment the tsunami was summoned, to the ocean freezing in an instant, and finally the entire ice sheet being obliterated by a single palm strike the entire sequence was beyond anything they could have imagined.
If they hadn’t witnessed it themselves, they never would’ve believed a human being was capable of such a feat.
“A few zombies have escaped toward the northwest. Take your men and deal with them quickly. Time is running out, and I still have to rush to the other two cities.” Dustin’s voice carried down from above.
After crushing tens of thousands of zombies with a single blow, he didn’t even pause. He shot across the sky like a meteor and vanished into the distance.
With Harbortown’s horde wiped out, the few who slipped through shouldn’t have posed a challenge to Tristan. If he couldn’t even handle that, then he didn’t deserve to be crown prince.
The streets of Sommertown reeked of blood and decay. The stench hung heavy in the air, enough to make anyone gag.
Nathaniel and his guards had taken shelter inside the ruins of an old clock tower. Through the cracked glass, he watched as endless waves of zombies swarmed the streets, sweat gathering on his brow.
A blood-soaked guard suddenly burst through the door, gasping for breath.
His voice cracked with fear as he reported, “Your Highness, the southeastern defenses are about to collapse. Those monsters are crazy. They kept hammering the barrier nonstop. Our men can’t hold them off much longer.”
Upon hearing that, Nathaniel tightened his grip around the hilt of his sword until his knuckles turned white. He looked out the window at the grotesque zombies moving with unnatural speed outside. A cold knot of dread settled in his stomach as he realized how desperate their situation had become.
They had been retreating when a horde of zombies suddenly cut them off from behind. With no way out, he ordered his men to fall back into the tower and use the terrain to hold their ground.
But bullets and blades barely slowed down the undead, and nothing seemed to kill them. As a result, more than half of his elite guards had already fallen. If this continued, the situation would only get worse.
Just then, the clock tower’s main door was violently smashed open as several zombies snarled and charged inside. The guards raised their weapons and charged forward.
Steel flashed as they hacked through rotting limbs. Blood sprayed across the walls as blades found their marks, but there were too many zombies. Within moments, the undead broke their line, and the tower filled with the screams of dying men.
“Retreat! Everyone, fall back now!”
Nathaniel’s face went pale. Without hesitation, he immediately led several of his personal guards to escape through the back door.
At that moment, something like a meteor seemed to streak across the sky.
A white figure landed on the clock tower. From the rooftop, he surveyed the zombie horde below with cold, emotionless eyes.
“Hmph!” As he raised his right hand, a visible glowing golden pattern weaved across his palm that crackled with raw energy.
The zombies below grew restless. As if sensing the threat, they howled and snarled at the figure in the sky.
“Annihilate!”
The figure’s raised hand snapped downward.
The golden energy gathered in his palm condensed into a blazing beam. It struck like a falling meteor, blasting through the zombie horde with devastating force.
A deafening boom ripped through the air. The golden beam obliterated everything in its path, leaving cracked pavement and flying debris in its wake.
Over 1,000 zombies were obliterated in an instant. They were reduced to ash before they could even scream.
The spot where the horde had stood was now just vacant ground. The remaining zombies froze, visibly shaken by the carnage. None of them dared take another step forward.
Inside the clock tower, Nathaniel and the remaining guards could only gape at what they’d witnessed. The scene outside had left them speechless.
They had thought they were doomed. However, they never expected a powerhouse to drop from the sky and wipe out over 1,000 zombies with a single blow. It was beyond anything they could have imagined.
The figure landed on the ground, and his cold gaze swept over the few remaining zombies.
Without hesitation, he weaved through the undead, his form becoming a blur. With each wave of his hand, dozens of zombies turned to dust. He tore through the horde like a force of nature, unstoppable and relentless.
Within minutes, every last zombie in Sommertown’s streets had been wiped out. Nathaniel and the others were left speechless once again after witnessing the impossible.
###Chapter 2617
The golden light at Dustin’s fingertips flickered out just as the last zombie at the warehouse entrance crumbled to dust. Dark brown fluid splattered across the weathered cobblestones, releasing a nauseating stench.
Nathaniel leaned on his broken spear, his chest heaving with each breath. Zombie bone fragments were still embedded in the dented plates of his armor.
He looked at the bodies scattered across the ground, then at the white figure ahead. His eyes reflected the gratitude of someone
who had escaped death.
“Thank you for saving us, sir. Your kindness will never be forgotten,” Nathaniel said with a respectful nod.
Not a single stain marked Dustin’s pristine white robes. His eyes swept over the scattered zombie remains below with a sharp, eagle-like gaze, and he frowned slightly.
“These were just scouts. Where is the actual zombie army?” he asked.
Nathaniel’s expression immediately turned grim. He turned toward the southern part of the city, where thick gray fog shrouded the sky. Muffled roars could be heard echoing from that direction.
“Sir, over 10,000 civilians are still trapped in the southern temporary settlement. They couldn’t be evacuated in time. Please save them,” Nathaniel said.
Dustin’s expression hardened. Without another word, his body was covered in brilliant golden light. He transformed into a dazzling beam of light, shooting toward the southern district like a meteor.
He vanished in a flash, leaving behind only a faint trail of light. Even the roar of the wind couldn’t keep up.
Nathaniel and the others stood frozen. They were stunned speechless as they watched the glowing streak disappear into the distance.
The southern district had become a war zone. Over 10,000 zombies prowled outside the temporary settlement, snarling and clawing at the barriers.
Their mottled gray skin hung loose over jutting bones, while rotting flesh peeled away in strips. Long, yellowed claws gleamed eerily in the dim light.
Inside the makeshift shelter, terrified civilians huddled together-families with children, elderly couples, young adults-all wearing the same expression of raw fear. Some wept quietly while parents held their children close, with desperation etched into every face.
A boy, no older than six, buried himself deeper into his mother’s embrace. His tiny fingers clutched her torn clothing.
“Daddy, I’m scared,” he whimpered through tears.
The boy’s father was a burly man, but even he had turned deathly pale. He tightly gripped a rusty hatchet and said with a trembling voice, “Don’t worry. I will protect you.”
Despite his assurance, the hand holding the hatchet wouldn’t stop shaking.
Outside, the zombie horde slammed relentlessly against the flimsy wooden barriers. Each impact sent the entire fence shuddering with ominous creaks and groans. The structure was moments from collapse.
Several zombies at the front had already extended their skeletal claws through gaps in the barrier, reaching toward the civilians inside.
An elderly man closest to the barrier couldn’t dodge in time. Sharp talons raked across his forearm, tearing deep into flesh. Blood poured out instantly as he screamed in agony.
Just when all seemed lost, a brilliant golden beam streaked down from the sky like a missile and slammed into the zombie horde with a thunderous crash.
The light exploded outward, forming an enormous golden halo. Every zombie caught in its path instantly burst into flames and crumbled to ash. Their screams echoed across the settlement.
The civilians froze in shock, then looked up to see a white figure hovering above them.
Dustin had arrived to save them.
He gazed down at the swarming zombies below with cold fury. A huge golden ball of light condensed in his palm, crackling with countless tiny golden lightning bolts.
“Burn in hell, you monsters!” Dustin roared as he hurled the blazing sphere toward the horde.
It streaked through the air like a miniature sun, radiating a power so immense it felt capable of wiping out the world. The moment it hit the ground, it erupted into a blinding burst of light.
A shockwave exploded outward in all directions, tearing through the undead ranks. Zombies collapsed in waves, swallowed by the light. They were instantly erased from existence. Those closest to the blast didn’t even have time to scream since they vanished in an instant.
As the light began to fade, more than half the horde had been obliterated. Only a few remained at the edges, snarling and stumbling forward.
Dustin blurred into motion, weaving through the horde of zombies. Golden light flared from his fingertips, and with every flash, dozens of the undead dropped where they stood.
As he moved with inhuman speed, his white robe traced graceful arcs through the zombie masses like an angel dancing in hell.
The survivors in the temporary settlement stood transfixed. Fear and tears became distant memories as they watched the white-robed figure overhead in stunned silence. The zombies that had driven them to the brink of despair earlier were dropping like flies before Dustin.
Half an hour later, the last zombie fell under Dustin’s burst of golden light. The sky over the southern district began to clear as the gray fog lifted, revealing a brilliant blue sky.
Dustin landed in the settlement’s open square. Though the survivors around him cheered and celebrated, his face remained unreadable. He turned toward the horizon, where more crises might be waiting.
People rushed forward, hoping to thank him. But before they could reach him, his figure dissolved into a flash of golden light and disappeared into the sky. All that remained were the ashes of countless zombies and the thousands of survivors in the settlement.
They stared in the direction Dustin had vanished, then bowed their heads in silent gratitude. His kindness would be etched into their hearts forever.
###Chapter 2618
The old city walls in Thornwick glistened with a cold, bluish-black sheen in the dusk. In the gaps between the bricks, traces of rusted arrowheads from a century ago still remained.
As Matthias stepped onto the battlements, the soles of his boots crunched over the frozen blood crust. Fresh blood dripped from the saber on his waist, and each drop froze the instant it touched the ground.
“Get those oil barrels up here now!” he bellowed. His face was hardened with fury as he commanded, “Gunners, hold your fire until those beasts are within a hundred yards.”
Below the city walls, the zombie horde surged like a rising black tide. In the dim twilight, pale gray arms flailed and clawed at the stone.
The front ranks clawed at the walls with bare, worn-down nails. Bits of stone and mortar flaked away and scattered across the ground.
A few of the larger ones were climbing over the bodies piled beneath them. Their rotting feet slipped on the ice, scraping against the stone with a sickening sound.
“Mommy, I’m scared!”
A child’s terrified cry echoed from within the walls.
More than 30 civilians-most of them elderly or children-were being held back in the courtyard by soldiers, unable to get out.
One middle-aged woman pressed her hand tightly over her child’s mouth, though muffled whimpers still escaped through her fingers.
These were civilians who hadn’t managed to evacuate in time. Now they were trapped in this cramped space, surrounded by zombies.
Matthias glanced back at the restless crowd and shot them a cold glare.
“Anyone who dares make noise again will be thrown down to feed the zombies,” he growled.
Before he’d finished speaking, a cry of alarm rang out from the western battlements.
A zombie with half its leg torn off had managed to climb up using the pile of corpses as a ladder. Its skeletal claws grabbed a young soldier’s ankle. The soldier screamed as he fell, teeth tearing through his shin, revealing bones.
Matthias’s saber whistled through the air, severing the soldier’s leg clean at the knee. Blood splattered across his face, but he didn’t even blink.
The soldier immediately let out an agonizing scream, causing the zombies below the wall even more agitated.
“Get him medical attention now,” Matthias ordered. “If he shows any signs of turning into a zombie, burn him alive.”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
His two personal guards immediately dragged the wounded soldier away.
Everyone knew that anyone bitten or scratched by a zombie could become infected with the zombie virus and turn into one of them.
Matthias’ swift, brutal stroke had cost the soldier his leg, but it might have saved his life.
“Stay sharp, everyone! If you’re bitten, do the right thing and end it yourself,” he reminded them, sweeping his gaze around with the bloodied saber still in hand.
At those words, the soldiers turned pale. Their hands trembled around their weapons, but no one said a word. The image of that wounded soldier was burned into everyone’s mind.
Just then, several able-bodied civilians pushed past the soldiers and rushed onto the battlements. Leading them was a broad -shouldered man with a hoe slung over one shoulder, his muscles drawn tight beneath a rough linen shirt.
“Your Highness, let us lend a hand,” he said.
Matthias frowned and was about to snap at them when he saw the man swing his hoe and accurately smash the skull of a zombie that was climbing the wall.
Dark brown fluid splattered all over him, but he showed no fear. He grabbed his hoe again and pushed the zombie off the wall.
More civilians rushed inside the city wall.
Some carried stones, while others passed along Molotov cocktails. An elderly woman even fumbled her way to the oil barrels to add kindling. The defensive force on the walls grew stronger instantly, but it also created new dangers.
A woman carrying an infant, startled by the zombies, stumbled backward and knocked over an oil barrel. The thick oil flowed through the cracks between the stone, dripping onto the pile of corpses below.
A stray spark fell somewhere, and flames shot up ten feet high. The wall of fire temporarily held back the zombie assault, but it also made a section of the western wall scalding hot, forcing the defenders to temporarily retreat.
“Fill the gap!” Matthias roared as he cut down a zombie that had climbed the wall in the chaos. His saber was caught in the creature’s ribs. In that moment of delay, another zombie lunged at him, aiming for his neck.
“Your Highness!”
Neville reacted instantly, becoming a blur as he rushed forward to block Matthias. With one stroke, he decapitated the zombie, but the creature’s claws raked across his arm, leaving deep scratches.
As the zombie virus spread rapidly, he gritted his teeth. Without hesitation, he drew his dagger and severed his own infected left arm.
“Neville!” Matthias’s face went white with shock. He hadn’t expected his most trusted lieutenant to sacrifice his own limb to protect him.
“Your Highness, don’t worry about me.
Keep killing those monsters.”
Neville used his internal energy to seal his pressure points and stop the bleeding. In such a situation, there was no time for distractions. One moment’s carelessness could mean death or worse, even for a grandmaster martial artist.
The flames below the wall gradually died down, revealing charred corpses and even more zombies surging forward. The section of wall that had been burned now showed signs of cracking.
Several particularly strong zombies were ramming it with their heads, the sound of loosening bricks like the beat of a countdown drum.
With a thunderous crash, the southwestern corner of the wall collapsed. The black tide of zombies instantly poured through the breach.
More than ten soldiers who bore the brunt of the assault didn’t even have time to scream before they were swallowed by the horde.
“We’re doomed…”
A soldier collapsed onto the stones, his weapon clattering to the ground. Matthias gritted his teeth. He tore strips from his battle robe to bandage wounds and prepare to organize a counterattack.
Just then, the sky suddenly split open with a golden crack. From the blinding light, a white figure streaked down like a meteor. He crashed with tremendous force into the densest cluster of zombies at the breach.
###Chapter 2619
The earth shook as the white figure slammed into the ground with a thunderous crash. Golden winds whirled around him like a protective shield.
The zombies charging forward slammed into an invisible wall, and their gray-green bodies exploded into chunks. Dark brown fluid mixed with bone fragments splattered across the city wall, filling the air with acrid, white smoke.
“It’s the powerhouse!” someone shouted from inside the courtyard.
The terrified civilians who had been cowering moments before suddenly burst into wild cheers. They all remembered what had happened during Thornwick’s scarlet mist crisis.
A mysterious white figure had appeared like something out of legend, clearing all the deadly mist and saving their city from certain doom. With the zombies closing in on the walls, the sight of that familiar white figure felt like seeing a savior.
“He’s here at last,” Matthias muttered.
He tightened his grip on his blood-slicked saber and watched the white figure cut through the zombie horde like they were nothing more than wheat before a scythe.
He couldn’t help but breathe a long sigh of relief. With a terrestrial immortal fighting alongside them, they should be able to stop the zombie army.
Dustin condensed three inches of golden light at his fingertips. He wielded it like an invisible sharp sword as he weaved through the zombie horde.
Whenever the golden light flashed, dozens of zombies would turn to dust. He weaved through the horde with the Phantom Grid Technique. Though his movements seemed chaotic, they perfectly avoided every grasping claw and snapping jaw.
A burly zombie, nearly ten feet tall, lunged at him with jaws wide enough to swallow a man’s head. Instead of dodging, Dustin stepped straight into its reach and pressed his palm against its skull.
The zombie shrieked and thrashed, but golden lines spread from Dustin’s hand seeped through its rotting flesh and into every opening. A second later, the creature’s body exploded in a spray of blood mist.
“Fall back!” Matthias shouted, snapping out of his trance. He cut down two zombies that had gotten too close. “Get everyone to the inner city now.”
The surviving soldiers quickly grabbed the wounded and herded civilians deeper into the fortress.
A doctor with a medicine bag tried to reach Neville, who was clutching his severed arm, but more zombies blocked his path. Razor-sharp claws swept toward the man’s face when a golden beam shot from the side, pinning the zombie to the stone wall.
Dustin had appeared beside them without a sound, with the golden energy pulsing in his palm.
“Take him and get out of here,” he said. Neville tried to stand, but Dustin’s hand on his shoulder felt like a mountain pressing down.
“You’ll only be in the way if you stay.”
Before anyone could respond, Dustin had already launched himself toward the collapsed section of wall where zombies continued pouring through like a grayish green tide.
He hovered above the breach as more of the creatures swarmed up from below, their rotting bodies writhing in the fading daylight.
Dustin’s hands moved in complex patterns, and suddenly bitter winds swept across the battlefield. The gusts carried thousands of tiny golden sparks that burst into blue flames wherever they touched zombie flesh.
“Skyfire!” he shouted as he pressed his hands downward.
The scattered flames instantly merged into a colossal pillar of fire, looking like molten rock pouring from the sky itself. The entire breach vanished beneath the inferno.
The zombies’ shrieked as their bodies, which had shrugged off sword and spear, melted like candle wax in the supernatural flames. The stench of burning flesh made everyone’s eyes water, but nobody looked away from the incredible sight.
Regular flames barely scratched the zombies, but whatever power Dustin wielded was something else entirely. They burst into flames on contact and burned to nothing in seconds.
Matthias led the civilians back to the inner gate. When he turned to see that towering pillar of flame connecting earth to sky, he couldn’t help but gasp in awe.
Even the soldiers on the walls forgot about fighting and stood transfixed by this miraculous sight.
The fire column burned for nearly half an hour before gradually dying down, revealing the blackened breach in the wall. The surging zombie horde had vanished completely, leaving only smoldering ash scattered across the ground.
Dustin hovered in the air, his white robes outlined in gold by the firelight. It made him look like a living god.
“Thank you, sir,” Matthias said respectfully.
Earlier, he’d thought military training and sharp steel would be enough to handle this crisis. Now, he understood just how vast the gap was between mortal soldiers and someone who had transcended human limits.
Dustin glanced at the dark blood still seeping from cracks in the stone below and frowned.
“Some got away.”
He flicked his finger, sending three golden darts shooting toward the eastern, western, and northern sections of the city.
“Check those areas.”
Matthias quickly sent scouts who discovered zombies hiding in cellars at all three locations. For some reason, these creatures had escaped the flames and were now howling at ventilation shafts.
“Thank you for the warning,” Matthias said, wiping cold sweat from his forehead.
Without Dustin’s reminder, those hidden zombies would have eventually broken free and started this whole nightmare over again.
Dustin didn’t respond, but stared at the distant horizon. The afterglow of the setting sun fell across his face, revealing fine beads of sweat sliding down his jawline. Even a terrestrial immortal was somewhat exhausted after rushing between four cities without rest.
“It’s time to settle accounts with the remnants of the Skull Covenant,” he murmured. His voice was barely audible, but it carried bone-chilling coldness.
A shiver ran down Matthias’ spine after learning that Dustin was finally going after the masterminds behind all this chaos. He tightened his grip on his saber and stepped forward.
“Let me help you, sir.”
Dustin looked at him for a moment, then shook his head. “Just keep Thornwick safe.
Before Matthis could reply, Dustin had already transformed into a streak of light and vanished into the darkening sky.
Everyone on the walls watched until the light disappeared beyond the mountains. Down in the courtyard, civilians were on their knees, some weeping with relief, others offering prayers to the immortal who had saved them from certain death.
Matthias stood on the battlements long after the others had gone, staring south toward where Dustin had vanished. Finally, he drove his saber point-first into the stone and bowed deeply in that direction.
Dustin hadn’t just saved the city, but he had saved all their lives.
###Chapter 2620
After the zombie virus crisis had been resolved, Dustin’s hatred for the Skull Covenant had reached its breaking point. Plague, scarlet mist, zombie virus-each one a ruthless attempt to wipe entire cities off the map.
Despite his best efforts to save lives and thwart their schemes, tens of thousands of civilians still died in the chaos. All four major cities across the Ashen Coast had also suffered varying degrees of devastation.
They couldn’t afford to wait for the next attack. If the Skull Covenant struck again, who knew how many more innocent lives would be lost?
The best approach now was to eliminate the root of the problem. They had to completely eradicate the Skull Covenant and restore peace to the Ashen Coast.
Dustin barely had time to catch his breath after returning to Reedcrest. He went straight to find Grace.
“I’ve got good news and bad news,” she said the moment she saw him.
“Let’s hear both,” he replied.
“The good news is, my people found the Skull Covenant’s altar. The bad news? The remnants seem to be putting a new plan into motion.”
“Give me the location. I’ll take care of it,” Dustin said without hesitation.
Rage boiled inside him. If he could, he’d tear every last remnant of the Skull Covenant apart without mercy.
Grace motioned to Sadie, who immediately stepped forward with a map. She took the map and spread it out in front of Dustin, pointing to a red-marked spot.
“This is the place. All of my scouts went missing while searching the area. I’m sure the Skull Covenant’s altar is nearby.”
“We finally tracked down these scums.” Dustin narrowed his eyes, a cold glint flashing in his gaze. “I’ll wipe out every last one of them.”
Before Grace could say a word, he shot into the air and vanished in a streak of light. She watched his fading silhouette and murmured, “Be careful.”
Half an hour later, Dustin arrived at the remote area of the Ashen Coast. Thick, inky black fog drifted over the swamp. As he flew low over the mire, the muck below released soft, bubbling pops.
A child’s skeletal remains jutted from the rotting leaves and grass. One bony finger still looped with a faded red string.
Suddenly, a baby’s cry echoed from deep within the fog. Three heartbeats later, it twisted into a sharp, high-pitched laugh.
A group of Skull Covenant remnants darted out from behind the trees, bone spears in hand. The tips were coated in green poison. When they spotted Dustin, they hurled their weapon through the air like missiles.
Dustin had sensed the ambush coming.
Without so much as a flinch, he raised his hand, and a dozen bone spears disintegrated into dust as if they’d never existed.
While the remnants stood frozen, he formed a sword seal with his left hand. He raised his arm and slashed forward, unleashing a golden arc of light.
The light cut through them in a flash. Their bodies stiffened, then a dozen heads rolled across the ground before sinking into the swamp.
“Impressive technique.” Gore’s voice drifted through the fog, thick with the stench of blood. He stepped on a bloated zombie corpse, each footfall sending blood bubbles through the muck.
“It’s a shame that no matter how fast your blade is, you won’t break through my Crimson Flow Formation.”
He suddenly spread his arms wide. Ten blood tendrils shot from his fingertips, each nearly ten feet long. They twisted midair, weaving into a crimson web that stained the swamp red wherever it touched.
Dustin kicked off a piece of driftwood and soared into the air. As he dodged the web, golden light flared from his fingertips, scattering like sparks. Each one struck a node in the tendrils with pinpoint precision.
The strands erupted one after another, forcing Gore back three steps. A muffled grunt escaped his throat as five deep gashes split open across his palm. His eyes locked onto the black mark spreading across Dustin’s shoulder, and a twisted grin spread across his face.
“You still jumping around after being poisoned with Venom’s Rotfragra? In 30 minutes, your bones will rot from the inside out.”
Just as the words left his mouth, a sickly-sweet scent began to drift through the fog.
At some point, Venom was standing on top of the altar, unnoticed until now. She wore a long dress stitched from human skin. The hem was embroidered with rows of tiny, writhing hexspitters. In her hands, she held a black clay bowl filled with squirming, purple-black hexspitters.
“Want to meet my darlings?”
With a flick of her wrist, the bugs in the bowl burst into a cloud of violet mist and swept through the air.
The moment they hit the ground, they burrowed into the mud. Seconds later, they clawed their way back up, but now they had grown to the size of a fist. Their shells were lined with jagged barbs, and jaws dripping acid strong enough to burn through rock.
A golden glow flared around Dustin, forming a spinning ring of light. The hexspitters exploded on impact, and their toxic fluids vaporized into thick purple smoke.
He took the chance to glance at the black mark on his shoulder. The fabric around it had rotted away, exposing a jagged hole.
“Don’t you know that getting distracted can kill you?”
Grinder burst from the ground. His mask was scarred with jagged teeth marks, flashing with a deadly sheen. In his hand, he held a bone whip strung with three infant skeletons. As the tip lashed through the air, it left ripples in its wake.
As Dustin sidestepped the whip, a golden glow condensed into a short blade in his palm. He baited the enemy with an opening, letting the whip coil tightly around his left arm.
The instant Grinder pulled back, the blade slid along the length of the whip and drove it straight into his wrist.
With a crack, his wrist bones were shattered. But he didn’t seem to notice the pain and ripped off his mask with the other hand.
Beneath was a face assembled from dozens of bone fragments. Two crimson fleshworms squirmed in his eye sockets, hungrily fixated on the mark spreading across Dustin’s shoulder.
“Gore! Venom! Form a battle formation!” Grinder’s voice grated like bone against stone.
Gore’s blood tendrils thickened into rope-like coils, weaving themselves into a crimson cage. Venom’s hexspitters swarmed into a deadly whirlpool, sealing off every escape route.
Grinder crushed his own wrist bone and sent the fragments flying like needles, targeting Dustin’s vital points.
Dustin drew a deep breath. His internal energy surged like a dam bursting, and a layer of golden light veiled his gaze.
“You want to die that badly?” he muttered.
“Let me grant your wish.”
###Chapter 2621
Golden radiance flared around Dustin, making him look like a blazing sun hanging over the swamp.
Faced with Gore’s crimson cage, Venom’s vortex of hexspitters, and Grinder’s hail of bone needles, he didn’t back down. Instead, he stepped forward with a smirk.
“You really think these cheap tricks are going to work on me?”
Before the words fell, Dustin spread his arms wide open. In that instant, countless threads of golden light burst from his body, spreading outward in all directions like an enormous radiant web.
As Gore’s cage began to close in, the golden threads whipped through the air and coiled around it. The seemingly indestructible blood tendrils shredded like brittle strands under the golden light.
Seeing that, his face twisted in shock. He tried to retract them, but the golden threads seemed almost alive as they raced along the tendrils toward his arm.
“Damn it!”
Gore’s face turned pale. He desperately channeled his internal energy to sever the blood tendrils, but it was already too late.
The golden threads had already spread across his arm in a flash. Wherever they passed, they stripped away the blood-red flesh and left nothing but bare white bone.
He let out a shrill scream as his arm disintegrated into ash before his eyes.
On the other side, Venom’s vortex of hexspitters wasn’t spared either. Threads of golden light sliced into the storm like blades. The moment the bugs touched them, they were incinerated and reduced to ash in an instant.
Venom was horrified. She had never encountered such overwhelming power before. Desperately, she sent the rest of her swarm charging forward in a final counterattack, but it was useless.
The golden threads tore through them like wildfire through dry grass, wiping out every last one before rushing straight toward her.
Venom’s blood ran cold. She whipped around and made a break for it.
Dustin scoffed and flicked his finger. A golden beam shot through the air, striking her square in the back.
Venom’s body went rigid and slowly toppled forward. Under the searing glow, she gradually dissolved into nothing.
On the other hand, Grinder’s bone needles failed to reach their target. The moment they reached within three feet of Dustin, they hit an invisible golden barrier and crumbled into dust.
After witnessing his companions die one after another, Grinder’s eyes were filled with raw terror. He abandoned any thought of fighting and dove for the ground, desperate to burrow his way to safety.
“Going somewhere?”
Dustin spoke softly, but his voice carried a weight that left no room for resistance.
As he pointed with two fingers, a thick column of golden beam shot out from the ground, trapping Grinder just as he was about to slip underground.
He thrashed wildly against the pillar of light, but it held him like a vice. The force holding him was overwhelming, making his struggles useless.
“Who the hell are you? How can anyone wield such monstrous power?” Grinder roared, the bone fragments covering his face rattling with fear.
Dustin snorted. “Every last one of you cultists dies today.”
He raised his hand, fingers slowly curling inward, and the golden pillar imprisoning Grinder began to compress.
Grinder let out a piercing, agonized scream as the pressure closed in. Inch by inch, his body was crushed under the force.
The moment Dustin closed his fist completely, Grinder was crushed out of existence, leaving not even a trace behind.
The three grandmasters of the Skull Covenant were said to be unmatched. But against Dustin, they never stood a chance.
Once they were dealt with, he looked at the altar up ahead. The structure was built entirely from piled bones and soaked in the stench of blood, decay, and something unmistakably evil.
Faint runes still glimmered across its surface, casting an eerie glow.
Dustin narrowed his eyes. In a blink, he vanished from the ground and reappeared atop the altar. His hands moved in a blur, forming a rapid series of seals as he chanted under his breath.
A torrent of golden runes burst from within him, raining down on the altar like a meteor shower. A thunderous boom followed, and the impact rocked the entire structure.
The altar began to tremble violently as bones cracked and tumbled loose. The strange runes etched across its surface flickered, then slowly dissolved in the golden light. Within moments, the entire altar crumbled into a pile of rubble.
Dustin scanned the area and made sure no enemies had escaped. He kicked off the ground and launched into the sky, streaking away into the distance.
Moments later, Sloan slowly clawed his way up from the rubble. Once he was sure the coast was clear, he let out a long breath of relief.
“I can’t believe they found us. Good thing I hid in time. Otherwise, I’d be dead,” he muttered.
“This won’t do. I must report this to the grand elder immediately. A terrestrial immortal has discovered our operations. We must stop all operations at once, or we’ll bring disaster upon ourselves.”
He quickly formed a one-handed seal and began chanting. The ground beneath him softened like quicksand, pulling him under. In moments, he vanished using an earth-shifting technique to escape.
Unbeknownst to him, a white figure hovered silently in the clouds above, watching his every move.
###Chapter 2622
Sloan tunneled through the muddy underground using the earth-shifting technique. Even though he’d found good cover earlier, the altar’s destruction still affected him. Now, his energy was a chaotic mess, and every breath sent fresh pain lancing through his torso.
But he had no time to worry about his injuries. He raced toward the Nether Crypt at maximum speed. The grand elder had to be warned. They need to relocate their base.
Hidden beneath the gnarled roots of a 1,000 -year-old banyan tree, the crypt’s entrance would stay buried forever unless one knew precisely where to look.
Sloan tunneled at full speed, burning through his internal energy reserves as he drove forward. After 15 relentless minutes, he finally reached the Nether Crypt entrance.
He flicked three bone talismans from his fingertips. The banyan’s root system parted slowly like snakes, revealing a pitch -black passage. As soon as he slipped inside, the soil behind him churned violently and sealed the passage shut.
Sloan’s strength gave out. He collapsed face-first onto the stone floor of the Nether Crypt, gasping from the massive drain on his internal energy.
“Mr. Vilehorn? What happened to you?”
The cult members guarding the Nether Crypt saw the state he was in, and their faces went white. They rushed forward to help him up.
Each of the cultists was deathly pale, with sunken eyes and black robes that reeked of rot.
“Hurry up and report to Elder Ashlock right now.” Sloan grabbed the cultist’s wrist so hard that his finger bones dug deep enough to leave marks. “That powerhouse is coming for us!”
The moment the words left his mouth, the surrounding cultists froze in shock. Without hesitation, they quickly turned and ran to report it. Soon, the news spread through the crypt like wildfire.
Inside a palace built from the bones of the dead, a low, growing unrest echoed through the halls. The corpse-oil lanterns embedded in the stone walls flickered violently, casting twisted shadows across the bone-carved murals that writhed like demons dancing on the walls.
Deep in the Nether Crypt’s inner sanctuary, the Grand Elder of the Skull Covenant, Lucan Ashlock, sat cross-legged on his throne of bones. His skin clung tightly to his bones like dried leather, and only his eyes seemed alive, glowing with a sickly green light.
When a cultist rushed in with the news, Lucan’s withered fingers clenched the throne’s armrests so hard that the embedded skulls let out a piercing wail.
“Fools!” Lucan shouted. His voice scraped like grinding stone. “Three grandmasters working together couldn’t stop one brat?”
Sloan lowered his head, not daring to look up. “He’s not just any martial artist. Instead, he’s reached the terrestrial immortal realm. Wherever that golden light touched, flesh and bone melted. Even Gore’s Crimson Flow Formation couldn’t hold him back.”
“Terrestrial immortal?” Lucan looked alarmed. “Wasn’t he supposed to be dealing with the zombie virus? How did he get here so fast?”
“Their palace had sent scouts to search this area, but I silenced them before they could report back. They must have tipped that powerhouse and followed their trail here,” Sloan explained.
“Damn it all.”
Lucan shot to his feet, and a surge of black mist rose around him, towering ten feet high. Inside the haze, the shapes of tormented souls twisted and wailed.
“Activate the Elemental Seals! Cryptbound Twelve, retreat with me now.”
At his command, a deep rumble echoed from the depths of the Nether Crypt as heavy mechanisms groaned to life.
Twelve black figures stepped out from the stone walls of the sanctuary. They wore bone-plated armor, each carrying a different bone-forged weapon. With every step, wisps of blood mist curl from the ground.
These were the Cryptbound Twelve, the Skull Covenant’s elite warriors. Each of them had reached the level of a grandmaster. Their combined strength could rival even an ultimate grandmaster.
They were the product of years of preparation, and their only trump card to rise again. Whatever happened next, the Cryptbound Twelve couldn’t be allowed to fall.
“Elder Ashlock, this crypt has been our stronghold for a century. Are we really abandoning it just like that?” Kaelen Vireth, first among the twelve, couldn’t hide his concern.
The bone flute in his hand was leaking a steady drip of dark red fluid.
Lucan looked at him coldly. “Better to retreat and fight another day. That bastard destroyed my altar and killed my grandmasters. This blood debt won’t be forgotten. Once we regroup with Ebon Messiah, we’ll make him pay.”
The Cryptbound Twelve said nothing. They lowered their heads in unison and accepted the command.
Sloan struggled to follow behind them, but Lucan’s boot sent him sprawling.
“You’ve outlived your usefulness. Keeping you around would only slow us down.”
Before the words fell, a bone needle shot from Lucan’s fingertip and punched straight through Sloan’s heart from behind.
Sloan’s eyes bulged as choking sounds escaped his throat. His body shriveled like a deflating balloon until only a wrinkled skin remained on the stone floor.
“Open the secret passage,” Lucan ordered. He grabbed Sloan’s dried skin and slapped it against the bone altar in the heart of the sanctuary. The altar bucked and shuddered. A crack split open the ground, nearly ten feet wide, revealing a staircase that descended into absolute darkness.
The Cryptbound Twelve slipped into the opening one after another. Just as Lucan prepared to follow behind them, the entire crypt trembled violently.
“Oh no! He’s found us,” he muttered. His face paled instantly, and he was gripped by a cold, paralyzing fear.
###Chapter 2623
The gates of the Nether Crypt rumbled open, and a tall, white figure emerged through the widening gap.
Dustin stood with his hands clasped behind his back. Golden radiance swirled around him, turning the night sky bright as day. The black mist seeping through the doorway instantly dissipated when it touched the glow.
“Trying to run?” His voice cracked like thunder through the passage. “When you massacred tens of thousands of innocent people, did you think this day would never come?”
A vicious gleam flashed in Lucan’s eyes. He hurled the human skin upward and shouted, “Crimson Rite-unleash!”
The strip of human skin expanded in midair, swelling into a massive red curtain. Twisted human faces writhed and screamed across its surface, stretching the flesh as they clawed from within.
At that instant, the Cryptbound Twelve struck in unison.
Bone blades, whips, and spears tore through the air as twelve blurred shadows -each one howling with razor-sharp force -charged toward Dustin.
“Child’s play.”
Dustin snorted and flicked his right hand casually. The seemingly effortless gesture whipped up a golden gust of air.
All twelve bone weapons shattered like glass, and the Cryptbound Twelve were sent flying backward. They slammed into the stone walls with bone-crushing force, and their blood sprayed across the surface in bright, sickly-red splatters.
Lucan’s eyes widened in shock. He quickly formed hand seals and shouted, “Spectral Formation-merge as one.”
The fallen Cryptbound Twelve jerked upright like broken marionettes. Their bodies twisted at impossible angles as the twelve figures fused instantly into a nearly 30-foot-tall Necro Tyrant.
Its eyes burned with eerie green flames, and it gripped a massive axe forged from countless skulls. The dripping toxin on the blade hissed as it corroded deep pits into the ground.
“Come and test our covenant’s supreme divine power.” Lucan’s voice echoed from inside the Necro Tyrant, laced with arrogant laughter.
As it advanced with earth-shaking steps, the Necro Tyrant brought its massive axe down on Dustin with bone-crushing force. The air warped in its wake, and the feral spirits bound to the blade shrieked like banshees.
However, Dustin didn’t flinch. He slowly raised his right hand as golden light gathered in his palm, condensing into an orb the size of a bowling ball. Mysterious runes crisscrossed on its surface, each rotation sending tremors through reality itself.
“Crush!” Dustin roared.
The golden orb streaked toward the Necro Tyrant like a comet. When they collided, time seemed to stop.
Blinding light engulfed the entire passage, and the feral spirits shrieked in agony as they dissolved like snow in a furnace.
The Necro Tyrant’s massive axe shattered first, followed by its towering body breaking apart piece by piece.
The screams of the Cryptbound Twelve rang out one after another, but not a single body remained. In the end, they were reduced to nothing but dust.
Lucan rushed out from the cloud of bone dust. He had shed his human form into something nightmarish. It was a writhing mass of flesh and blood, studded with dozens of blinking, lidless eyes.
“I’ll take you down with me!” he howled.
The grotesque blob exploded into billions of razor-thin blood threads that surged toward Dustin like a crimson tsunami. Each thread carried Decayspit, the world’s deadliest poison. A single drop could melt a grandmaster into a puddle of liquid.
But the golden light around Dustin suddenly flared brighter, forming an impenetrable barrier. The blood threads struck it harmlessly, like raindrops hitting an umbrella.
With a flick of his finger, Dustin fired a concentrated beam of golden energy and pierced the black bone core hidden within the flesh mass.
“No…” Lucan’s agonized scream echoed along the passageway.
The bloody mass withered rapidly in the golden light until his original human form reappeared. At that moment, he had nothing left to fight with. He slumped to the ground, his eyes flickering between fear and bitter rage.
Dustin slowly approached him and stared down at the mastermind of the chaos. ” Your Skull Covenant has committed countless atrocities. Your reign of terror ends today.”
Lucan suddenly laughed maniacally. “You really think it’s over just because you killed us? Ebon already knows what happened. He will avenge us and ensure Dragonmarsh pays for our deaths.”
Dustin’s expression darkened, and he conjured a golden light in his palm. Lucan’s laughter died in his throat as his body dissolved into a wisp of blue smoke and vanished.
With every threat eliminated, Dustin turned toward the depths of the Nether Crypt. This underground hellhole had claimed countless innocent lives. The skulls embedded in the walls bore silent witness to unspeakable horrors.
He drew a deep breath and released his full power without restraint. Golden energy roared through the passages like a raging river.
The sturdy stone walls crumbled like paper in the surge of golden light. Altars, hidden chambers, and prison cells inside the crypt -every last trace of evil was wiped out in the storm of golden light.
A final thunderous crash shook the earth as the entire Nether Crypt collapsed. The mountain above it came tumbling down in an avalanche of rock and debris. When the dust settled, Dustin had already vanished into the night sky.
A thousand miles away in a hidden valley, Ebon sat cross-legged in meditation. His eyes suddenly snapped open as the bone pendant around his neck cracked and shattered into pieces.
###Chapter 2624
Inside a temporary camp in Reedcrest, thousands of civilians huddled together in cramped conditions. Many were wounded, and countless others showed signs of plague infection.
When the zombie horde had attacked, there hadn’t been time to deal with the outbreak. Saving lives had come first. Though the horde was eventually wiped out, the damage caused by the virus was far from over.
However, the plague remained the biggest threat. With the crowd in chaos, it had spread like wildfire.
Infections had climbed from hundreds to thousands, even under Grace’s containment efforts. Without the medication keeping it under control, the outbreak would have been catastrophic.
Even so, Reedcrest was doing remarkably well compared to the other three cities.
Those three had already descended into chaos. Even without the threat of the zombie virus, it would take time to restore any kind of order.
Dustin rode a trail of golden light back to the temporary camp. He saw Grace kneeling inside the tent, feeding medicine to a child who couldn’t have been older than five.
The child had already been infected with the plague. His fever hadn’t broken, and his condition was clearly worsening.
But there were far too many just like him. Even the most renowned doctors couldn’t keep up. All they could do now was use tonics to stabilize the symptoms and treat each case individually.
“You’re back.”
After feeding the child the medicine, Grace tucked him in before leading Dustin outside the tent.
“Did you find the remnants of the Skull Covenant?” she asked.
“I’ve killed every last one of them,” Dustin replied. “I also destroyed their main base. They won’t be stirring up trouble again anytime soon.”
“I can’t thank you enough. With their base destroyed, people in all four cities can finally sleep at night.” Grace forced a smile that didn’t reach her eyes.
“How bad is the plague situation?” he asked.
“It’s still spreading, but your prescription has helped keep things under control here in Reedcrest.”
Compared to the chaos brought by the scarlet mist and the zombie horde, the plague seemed manageable.
“That’s great,” he said with a nod.
He was worn out, but knowing they’d saved lives made it all worth it.
“Ms. Linsor!”
Sadie came running, panic written across her face.
“We just got an emergency report from Sommertown. Prince Nathaniel burned down the entire slum. He’s calling it’ purification. Anyone infected with the plague was burned alive.”
“What?” Grace went pale. “How could he do such a thing?”
Burning every plague victim alive? How could anyone justify something so brutal?
“Our scouts report that Sommertown’s plague has spiraled out of control. Prince Nathaniel couldn’t contain the outbreak, so he chose to burn everything down,” Sadie explained.
Grace frowned. “How many people have died?”
“Tens of thousands.” Sadie’s voice cracked.
Grace swayed and grabbed the tent pole to steady herself. Her knuckles turned white from gripping so hard.
She snapped, “How could he do that? Those were his own people, and he had them killed without hesitation. Does human life mean nothing to him? How does a prince become this cruel? It’s barbaric and completely unforgivable.”
Sadie pressed on with her grim report, “It wasn’t just Prince Nathaniel. Prince Matthias has been just as brutal. He claimed the plague victims were possessed by evil spirits.
“Not only did he burn the infected districts, he also executed every civilian who’d had any contact with patients. He claimed it was to stop the plague from spreading.”
“Animals! They’re both animals!” Grace seethed, her eyes turning bloodshot.
They had already overcome so many crises. If everyone had just held the line a little longer and worked together, they could’ve overcome this natural and man-made disaster.
But in the final stretch, Nathaniel and Matthias chose the easy way out. Rather than put in the effort to contain the plague, they resorted to mass murder. What they did wasn’t just cruel and inexcusable.
Dustin suddenly asked, “What about Prince Tristan?”
Nathaniel was selfish to his core, and Matthias was a natural-born killer. Their actions matched their nature perfectly. Though Tristan might be a hypocrite, he didn’t seem capable of this level of cruelty.
“Things are just as bad in Harbortown,” Sadie replied. “Prince Tristan hasn’t ordered any executions, but he locked up a large number of civilians-both infected and healthy-in the same space,”
She continued, “Then, he abandoned them. No medical care, no separation protocols, and no help whatsoever. He just left them to survive or die on their own.”
“He’s just as cruel as the other two,” Grace said coldly.
Compared to Nathaniel and Matthias, Tristan’s action might not have been cruel, but turning his back on the crisis was no less damning.
That kind of behavior might be expected from ordinary citizens, but he was the crown prince of Dragonmarsh. He was supposed to set an example for all officials and protect the citizens of Harbortown.
But when the outbreak spiraled out of control, he washed his hands of the whole thing and disappeared, leaving the city to fend for itself. He was no better than Nathaniel and Matthias.
Grace shuddered to think what would happen to Dragonmarsh under their rule.
At that instant, she realized just how wise Dustin’s earlier words had been. None of the three princes could be trusted with power.
Rather than hand control over to these incompetents and watch them harm innocent lives, it would be far better to keep that power in more capable hands.
Unconsciously, a seed of ambition had taken root in her heart.
###Chapter 2625
Grace said, “These princes sit in their high positions but treat their people like dirt beneath their feet. When Father sent them to the Ashen Coast, he wanted them to grow as leaders and protect the lives under their care. Instead, all they do is fight for power and use human lives as chess pieces in their political games.”
Her face flushed with anger, but her eyes went cold. As angry as she was, what cut deeper was the disappointment. In her eyes, none of her three brothers were fit to rule, and none of them deserved the throne.
“Now isn’t the time to point fingers,” Dustin said. “Right now, we need to focus on saving those innocent people.”
He didn’t think much of Tristan, Matthias, or Nathaniel either.
To him, Tristan was a hypocrite who put on one mask in public and showed his true nature behind closed doors. Matthias was a brutal hothead with more muscle than brains. Meanwhile, Nathaniel was nothing but a selfish, petty man who would sacrifice anyone for personal gain.
“Mr. Rhys is right,” Sadie said grimly. 11
Those people are trapped in hell right now.
We’re their only hope.”
Grace drew a long breath and forced down her rage until she was calm again.
She quickly ordered, “Get a rescue team ready. We’re heading to Harbortown at full speed to save as many lives as we can.”
The reason she’d chosen Harbortown wasn’t because the outbreak couldn’t be contained, but because Thornwick and Sommertown were already beyond saving.
After all, Matthias and Nathaniel had dealt with their infected populations by burning them alive. Even if she rushed a team to those cities now, there would be almost no one left to save.
At least Tristan’s hands-off approach had given the plague victims in Harbortown a sliver of hope. As for how many lives could be saved, all she could do was to do everything humanly possible and hope for the best.
Under Grace’s command, a rescue team quickly set out from Reedcrest, heading straight for Harbortown.
In Harbortown’s slums, a ten-foot-high wooden wall enclosed the area like a giant prison. The humid air reeked of vomit and rotting flesh.
Sharpened wooden stakes lined the top of the wall, and scraps of cloth fluttered from the tips. It was the last trace of those who had tried to climb out.
More than 5,000 people were crammed into the muddy clearing below. There wasn’t a single intact sleeping mat or place to rest, just cold, wet ground.
In the corner, a weak child’s cry broke the silence. A woman in tattered clothes was gently patting the child’s back with hands chapped and cracked from the cold.
Her bare arms were covered in dark blotches, and every cough sent a bulging mass rising from her chest like something ready to burst.
“Water… Does anyone have water…”
A frail old man lay sprawled in the dirt, clawing at clumps of grass with skeletal fingers. The skin on his neck had begun to fester, oozing with a sickly yellow-green pus.
Nearby, two burly men tore at half a moldy cornbread, their cloudy eyes filled with hunger. They didn’t even notice the maggots crawling into their filthy, tattered clothes.
Suddenly, a commotion erupted from one of the shacks on the west side. Several plague-infected patients collapsed to the ground, convulsing as their skin turned pitch-black before their eyes.
The uninfected screamed and tried to back away, but the crowd pressed in from all sides. They could only watch in horror as the dark blotches spread across the patients’ bodies.
“Don’t touch them. They’re contagious,” someone shouted, and panic exploded through the crowd.
Some of them picked up rocks and hurled them at the infected. Others tried to climb over the wooden wall, stepping on whoever was in the way.
In the chaos, a woman carrying her baby was shoved to the ground. The infant slipped from her arms and hit the muddy earth. Before it could even cry out, panicked feet trampled over it.
“Guards! We’re not sick. Let us out.”
Those who hadn’t shown any symptoms dropped to their knees at the wooden barrier, shaking the rough fence with all their strength.
Through the slits in the wall, the soldiers. could be seen moving outside. They watched the tragic scene inside with cold indifference, while occasionally jabbing their spears at anyone who got too close.
“What the hell are you yelling at? Prince Tristan has ordered you all to stay here.”
The broad-faced officer spat out the stalk of grass he’d been chewing and ground his boot heel over a bloodstain. He added, “We’ll let you out when this outbreak ends, provided you’re still alive by then.”
Before he’d finished speaking, a chorus of coughing erupted from the east. A dozen civilians, perfectly healthy just moments ago, dropped to their knees, clutching their chests. Black froth spilled from their lips.
Terror spread faster than the outbreak itself. More voices joined the desperate wailing. Some people began banging their heads against the wooden posts while others clawed at each other’s hair.
The entire prison had become a vision of hell on earth.
As dusk fell, rain began to drizzle down. The water washed away surface filth but couldn’t cleanse the despair that hung thick in the air.
More bodies curled in the mud. It was impossible to tell who was asleep and who would never wake again. Only the tattered banner on the wooden wall made any sound, snapping like a whimper in the wind and rain.
###Chapter 2626
When Grace and Dustin led the rescue team into the slums of Harbortown, the sight that greeted them left them stunned.
The muddy ground behind the wooden walls was soaked in filth and stank of rot. Dozens of people were crammed inside like caged animals. Their eyes were dull and empty, filled with nothing but numbness and despair.
Some wore nothing but rags, while others were stripped to the waist. Their emaciated frames cast ghastly shadows under the dim light.
In one corner, a gray-haired elderly man lay curled up on the ground. His legs were rotting, with white maggots crawling in the wounds, yet he seemed numb to the pain. With trembling, bone-thin hands, he kept scooping mud from the ground and stuffing it into his mouth.
Nearby, a young woman clung tightly to her child’s lifeless body. The little girl’s face was grayish-blue, with dried black foam at the corners of her mouth.
The woman kept stroking her daughter’s cold cheeks, murmuring, “Don’t worry, sweetie. I’ll take you home. We’re going home…”
But her voice was dry and cracked. Her tears had long dried up, leaving only a hollow, vacant look in her eyes.
Not far away, several burly men were fighting over half a moldy cornbread roll. Their faces and arms were covered in cuts and bruises. Still, they snarled and clawed like that last scrap was the last hope left on Earth.
One man suddenly slammed another to the ground, then sank his teeth into the man’s neck. Blood sprayed across the onlookers’ faces, but none of them flinched. They just stood there, watching indifferently.
It was still raining, and the icy water poured down on the frail civilians, leaving them trembling in the cold.
A young man clutched a baby to his chest, wrapping the child in his thin, tattered shirt. The baby’s cries were barely audible, lost beneath the sound of falling rain.
Sweat dripped from the man’s forehead as he tried to warm the baby’s tiny hands with his breath. Each exhale grew more desperate, but the cries slowly faded until they completely stopped.
He froze.
Then, suddenly, he let out a heart-wrenching scream, filled with endless pain and despair. In the dead silence of the slum, the sound was especially jarring.
Grace clenched her fists so tightly her knuckles turned white. Her nails dug into her palms until blood seeped between her fingers. Her eyes brimmed with tears, but she refused to let them fall.
“Those bastards,” she hissed through gritted teeth, her voice trembling with fury and grief.
The sight hit Dustin harder than he expected. He’d seen his share of bloodshed, more than most men ever would, but the hellscape before him still shook him.
He drew a slow breath to steady himself and said quietly, “Let’s help them first.”
Grace snapped out of her daze. She wiped the corner of her eye and ordered, “Rescue teams, listen up. Move in and help the people now.”
At her command, the standby teams jumped into action. Medics carrying supply kits pushed through the crowd, tending wounds and administering medicine to those infected.
But there were too many in need. The medics couldn’t keep up. No sooner had they finished treating one person than several more would collapse nearby.
The soldiers hauling supplies were gasping for breath. Crates of medicine, food, and clean water were brought in one after another. However, it was never enough, as the demand far outpaced what they could provide.
They had to guard against panicked civilians rioting over the supplies while trying to distribute everything as quickly as possible. Exhaustion was written across every face.
Grace personally oversaw the rescue efforts. One moment she was urging medics to watch their safety, the next she was ordering soldiers to reinforce the wooden walls in case of collapse. Her voice was hoarse from giving orders.
Sweat gathered on her brow, and her rain-soaked clothes clung to her skin, but she never slowed down. Her eyes still burned with unshakable resolve.
Dustin didn’t just stand by and watch, either. He joined the rescue effort and did everything he could to save more lives with his medical skills.
Even though they had come prepared, the hellish reality still left them scrambling. But there was no other choice. They had to save whoever they could, however they could.
This was a race against death. Every second mattered because every delay meant another life lost. Under Grace’s leadership, the medics worked around the clock to treat the wounded and the infected.
The slum was drowning in despair, but a faint spark of hope still clung on. It was kept alive only by those who refused to give up.
###Chapter 2627
Rain streamed down Grace’s face. The stench of blood was heavy in the air. She turned toward the wall, where screams echoed beyond the wooden gates, and drew the longsword at her hip. With one quick slash, the iron lock snapped in two.
“Open all the gates!” she shouted.
Her voice cut through the rain with absolute authority.
“Set up isolation areas now,” she ordered. ” Move the healthy to the clearing on the east side, and the infected to the west shelters. Move, now!”
Dustin conjured three beams of golden light at his fingertips and aimed them precisely at the wooden stakes lining the top of the wall. The sharpened stakes tumbled down in a rain of splinters, clearing the way for desperate climbs.
Medics pushed through the mud-soaked crowd, lighting the bundles of mugwort they had brought. Acrid smoke curled upward through the drizzle, but it helped mask the stench of rot lingering in the air.
“Is this… medicine?” the gaunt man whispered as he held the jar. A faint glimmer of hope flickered in his dull eyes.
The feverish child next to him had cracked, dry lips. But after swallowing two spoonfuls of the medicine, his body stopped shaking and his breathing steadied.
Just then, a flurry of footsteps echoed from the west. More than 30 soldiers in protective masks marched over aggressively.
The general leading them wore black armor with a tiger-head blade strapped to his waist. It was Harlan Creed, commander of the Iron Fang Battalion under Tristan’s command. 1
“Who dares trespass in the quarantine zone?” he barked.
He unsheathed his blade and stormed into the slums with his elite unit at his heels.
They stormed through the area with brute force, knocking over anyone in their path.
Civilians who didn’t move fast enough were shoved aside or kicked to the ground without mercy. 1
The commotion drew Grace’s attention. She slowly turned, rain trailing down her fair face.
“Are you one of Tristan’s men?” she asked coldly.
“How dare you speak His Highness’s name so casually?” Harlan snapped. “You must have a death wish!”
“You’re the one out of line,” Sadie shot back. “How dare you speak to the Princess of Ariella that way!”
He sneered. “Princess of Ariella? Don’t give me that crap. Why would a princess come to such a filthy dump?”
“You-”
Sadie was about to snap, but Grace raised a hand and stopped her.
Grace looked at Harlan and said coldly, ” General, who I am doesn’t matter. What matters is that these people are in danger. As a Dragonmarsh official, it’s your duty to protect them. We’re critically low on medicine. We need your help to get supplies.”
“I was assigned to guard the quarantine zone and stop the plague from spreading,” he replied indifferently. “Anything beyond that isn’t my concern.”
He added, “Since you’ve entered the quarantine zone, every one of you will be treated as plague patients. Stay where you are, and no one gets hurt. But if you try to break out, my men won’t hesitate to open fire.”
While they were talking, a panicked civilian seized the opportunity to try to break through the blockade and escape.
“Disobeying orders? Kill him!” Harlan barked, giving the execution order without a second thought.
Two soldiers behind him immediately charged forward, kicked the civilian to the ground, then raised their blades to strike.
But a sudden gust of wind burst through the air, and both soldiers were sent flying several feet back.
Dustin appeared in front of Grace in the blink of an eye. “Anyone who dares act out in front of the princess… dies,” he said coldly.
Harlan’s eyes narrowed slightly. A chill ran down his spine. He hadn’t even seen Dustin move, but just one glance was enough to confirm Dustin was an expert.
“You’re a Dragonmarsh military commander, yet you’d slaughter your own people? Do you even respect the law?” Grace snapped.
“The law?” Harlan burst out laughing. The bronze studs on his black armor gleamed under the rain. “Here in Harbortown, Prince Tristan’s word is law. Who the hell are you to lecture me?”
He snapped his arm forward. 30 soldiers fell into formation, shields locking as they began their slow, steady advance.
Behind the wooden walls, terrified screams rang out. The spark of hope that had just been rekindled seemed about to be snuffed out by this show of force.
Without saying anything, Dustin raised his hand. He released a shower of golden light that crashed into the shield formation.
The 30 elite soldiers were tossed into the air like leaves in a storm. They were instantly sent flying, crashing to the ground in a heap. They were no match for him at all.
“Huh?”
Harlan’s expression changed. He finally realized Dustin was no ordinary opponent. Seeing his men instantly defeated, his face twisted with fury as he swung his tiger-headed blade at Dustin.
The blade glinted coldly as it sliced through the rain. Dustin sidestepped to avoid it. A flash of golden light shot from his fingertips and struck the blade’s spine.
With a loud clang, the tiger-head blade flew from Harlan’s grip and embedded itself deep in the muddy ground.
His arm went numb. As he looked up and met Dustin’s cold gaze, a chill ran down his spine. “Who… Who the hell are you?” His voice trembled as he backed away.
“You’re not worthy of knowing my name,” Dustin said with an icy expression.
“You’ve oppressed the people and treated human life like trash,” Grace snapped. ” Guards, take him.”
Her personal guard stepped forward to tie up Harlan. Harlan’s face darkened as he struggled to break free. But in the blink of an eye, Dustin appeared in front of him and placed one hand on his shoulder.
A pulse of golden force surged into Harlan’s body. His internal energy immediately snapped like a brittle thread, and he crumpled to the ground.
Grace’s guards quickly moved in and bound him.
###Chapter 2628
“You damn troublemakers! You have some nerve for attacking a Dragonmarsh military commander! I’ll make sure you regret this!”
Even while bound, Harlan kept thrashing and shouting threats. Without saying anything, Grace raised her hand and slapped him across the face several times until he was seeing stars. His cheeks were swollen, and blood trickled at the corner of his mouth.
“You think you deserve the title of Dragonmarsh military commander?” she said coldly. “You should be court-martialed and stripped of your rank.”
“Court-martialed? Ha! Who the hell do you think you are? Don’t make me laugh,” Harlan spat. He wasn’t intimidated in the slightest. As one of Tristan’s trusted officers, nobody except Valon could dismiss him.
“Hold it!”
Suddenly, a commanding voice rang out behind them.
Tristan had arrived, dressed in full protective gear and flanked by a large unit of soldiers.
When Harlan saw him, his face broke into a huge grin. He laughed and said, “His Highness is here. You’re all screwed now.”
Grace glanced up at him with a blank expression.
“Your Highness-” Harlan began, but Tristan cut him off sharply.
“Shut your mouth!” But when Tristan turned to Grace, he managed a smile. “I wasn’t expecting you. Why didn’t you let me know you were coming?” he asked.
“I heard the plague in Harbortown had worsened, so I brought a team to help,” Grace replied coldly. “But instead of cooperating, your general here did everything he could to stop us. Are you aware of this?”
“That happened?” Tristan frowned as he turned on Harlan. “Have you lost your mind? You actually tried to stop the Princess of Ariella? When you return, report to the barracks and take your 50 lashes.”
“I-” Harlan wanted to explain, but one look from Tristan made him bite his tongue.
He’d never imagined that Grace would show up in some plague-infested slum. But judging from how things were playing out, it was clear he was about to take the blame for it.
“Don’t worry, Grace. I’ll punish this man severely for obstructing your work,” Tristan assured her.
“Tristan, we can deal with him later. Right now, our priority is saving the infected. You locked everyone inside the slums and then turned your back on them. You’re practically sentencing them to death,” she said coldly.
“I didn’t have a choice,” Tristan replied with a helpless expression.
He went on, “The lockdown was meant to keep the plague from spreading and minimize casualties. No one expected the virus to mutate. It really caught me off guard. Honestly, I don’t even know what to do anymore.”
“Even so, you can’t just lock people up like this.” Grace’s voice rose, her anger flaring.
“Do you have any idea what’s going on in that quarantine zone?” she asked. “It’s not just the infected, but there are healthy civilians trapped inside as well. You’ve thrown them straight into the fire.”
Forcibly isolating those infected was understandable since it was a necessary step to contain the outbreak. But locking healthy civilians in with plague patients and then turning a blind eye? How was that any different from sentencing them to death?
“No way. You’re telling me there are healthy people inside there?” Tristan looked around with what seemed like genuine surprise.
“Harlan! Did you round up the wrong people? I told you to quarantine the infected. Why are there healthy citizens locked in there, too?”
“I… I don’t know either,” Harlan said bitterly. “They were all packed together. How could anyone tell who was infected and who wasn’t? I had to round them all up to be safe. I was thinking about the bigger picture.”
“Fool!” Tristan snapped, glaring at him. ” When we return, you’ll be demoted two ranks.”
Upon hearing that, Grace’s frown deepened.
A demotion by two ranks was barely more than a slap on the wrist. How was that any different from a verbal warning?
And Harlan was one of Tristan’s most trusted officers. Whether he rose or fell in rank was entirely up to Tristan.
Besides, she didn’t believe for a second that this was all Harlan’s idea. Without Tristan’s order, who would’ve dared detain that many civilians on their own?
But from the way Tristan was handling this, it was clear he had no intention of taking responsibility. There was no point in pressing him any further, as it would only be a waste of time.
Even if Grace demanded justice, what would it amount to in the end? Harlan would take the blame, and that would be the end of it. She knew Tristan too well, and that was exactly why she was filled with bitter disappointment.
“Tristan, if you really want to help, send more supplies. Otherwise, I suggest you leave before you catch the plague and end up regretting it,” she said, taking a deep breath to steady herself.
“Help? Of course, I’ll help,” he replied with a quick nod. Then, he ordered, “Harlan, take your men and start gathering supplies from the surrounding area. Do everything you can to assist the Princess of Ariella in treating the infected.”
“Yes, Your Highness!”
Harlan snapped to attention. After freeing himself from his restraints, he led his men away.
Grace gave Tristan one long and unreadable look, but said nothing. She turned back to the patients and threw herself into the work of saving lives.
###Chapter 2629
As the rain subsided, the quarantine zone inside the wooden barriers was beginning to take shape. Grace trudged through ankle-deep mud between the makeshift shelters. The hem of her white dress was soaked with blood and grime, but she couldn’t spare a moment to care. Even the herbal paste crusted at the corners of her mouth went unnoticed.
She jabbed a silver needle into a child’s purpled fingertip, then squeezed out half a bowl of foul-smelling, dark blood. Without missing a beat, she poured a warm tonic down the child’s parched throat.
“We still need 20 more stretchers for the third row of shelters,” she shouted, her voice hoarse from hours of constant orders.
Nearby, Dustin was burning away infection from a patient’s rotting wounds with threads of golden light. The glow danced across torn flesh, incinerating the squirming maggots as it passed.
The elderly man trembled in pain, but he bit down on a wooden stick to keep from crying out. When he saw sweat rolling down Dustin’s face, he realized his own suffering wasn’t the worst thing happening here.
The medics moved with growing efficiency.
One of them funneled thick mugwort smoke into ceramic tubes, guiding it through cracks in the floor to purge the foul air lingering in the underground cellars.
Another pried open the jaws of unconscious patients with sticks, then slowly spooned in a paste of crushed herbs and honey.
Meanwhile, a third kneeled in the muck, performing chest compressions on half-frozen children until their shallow breathing steadied.
A hundred yards uphill, Tristan stood beneath a makeshift canvas shelter.
Dressed in full protective gear, he watched Grace rush between patients through the quarantine zone with a blank expression.
“Your Highness, perhaps we should head back? This place feels cursed,” Milton suggested from behind him. Tristan didn’t respond. Instead, he shifted his gaze to the soldiers racing between stations.
The medical supply crates at their feet were more than half empty, and some men had collapsed directly into the mud from exhaustion, gasping for air.
“Incompetent,” Tristan muttered under his breath, clearly displeased.
Ever since the strain had mutated, infection and mortality rates had skyrocketed. That was precisely why he’d chosen the containment approach, locking up every infected civilian in one place. He felt that it was better to risk sacrificing the innocent than to let the disease spread unchecked.
What he hadn’t anticipated was Grace rushing over from Reedcrest with a rescue team. If they managed to cure the infected, it would be great. But if they failed, his own forces would get caught in the disaster.
Behind Tristan, 30 of his personal guards stood at attention, their boots completely free of mud. They’d been ordered to keep watch from 30 feet away because he didn’t want them to breathe the air from the infected zone.
Just like that, another day had passed.
Grace had finally finished treating the critical patients in the western shelters. The moment she stood upright, dizziness nearly knocked her over. She grabbed a wooden post to steady herself.
Dustin handed her a piece of flatbread and gently touched her forehead. Golden light pulsed beneath his fingertip, driving away some of her exhaustion.
“There are still over 200 mild cases left on the east side,” he said, his voice carrying the faintest rasp. Even the gold embroidery on his white robes had turned dark brown with dried blood.
When night fell, dozens of campfires blazed throughout the quarantine zone. In the flickering light, Grace supervised soldiers building makeshift cooking stations, Cauldrons bubbled with tonic as the bitter scent wafted through the air.
Suddenly, a sick woman convulsed and lunged at Grace, fingernails nearly scratching her face.
Dustin reacted instantly. He caught the woman’s wrists and held her steady. After the golden light flowed into her body, she gradually calmed down, and tears streamed from her cloudy eyes.
Under the shelter, Tristan yawned as he watched the last grains of sand fall through the hourglass. It was already midnight, yet the quarantine zone still blazed as bright as noon.
Harlan approached and offered warm soup with a fawning smile.
“Your Highness, look at them working themselves into the ground. At this rate, they’ll collapse completely.”
Tristan took a sip and noticed a soldier collapsing beside one of the fires from sheer exhaustion. Even as his comrades dragged him upright, the man kept mumbling about medicine.
Tristan let out a derisive laugh. “What a waste of effort.”
As dawn approached, the last bowl of tonic had been fed to the final patient. Grace pulled herself upright using a wooden staff. The eastern sky began to glow, bringing some color back to her ashen face.
The golden light around Dustin had dimmed considerably, but he still forced himself through one last shelter inspection.
Medics lay scattered across the clearing, too exhausted even to snore properly. Only the occasional coughing proved they were still conscious.
Then, someone dropped to their knees. It was a teenage boy with both hands missing. He used his elbows to brace himself as he bowed his head deeply in Grace’s direction.
Others began following suit-first the infected from the western shelters, then healthy civilians from the east, and finally even mild cases who could barely stand.
Over 5,000 people dropped to their knees, like a rolling wave across the muddy ground, the wet slap of bodies hitting the earth echoing in every direction. Filthy water splashed onto their faces, but no one moved to wipe it away.
“Long live Your Royal Highness!”
Someone started the chant, then thousands joined in a deafening roar.
Gray-haired elderly men lifted blood-stained earth above their heads, women raised their dead infant’s swaddling clothes, and children copied the adults.
Grace watched the scene unfold and felt her eyes suddenly well up with tears. She tried to speak, but there was a lump in her throat. All she could do was raise a trembling hand and give the people a deep bow.
On the hill, Tristan hurled his soup bowl to the ground. The porcelain shattered with a sharp crack. He stared at the sea of kneeling figures, his fists clenched until his knuckles went white.
Harlan barely dared to breathe beside him. One look at Tristan’s thunderous expression told him this resentment would fester for weeks to come.
These people should have revered Tristan. Instead, they were kneeling before a woman. For Tristan, that scene stung worse than death.
###Chapter 2630
Tristan’s expression darkened. He was the crown prince, the one who commanded respect. Yet now, all eyes were on Grace. Of course, that didn’t sit well with him.
If those plague-infected civilians had died, he could’ve sealed off the city and buried the truth along with the bodies. But now that Grace had stepped in, there was no covering it up.
Worst of all, she was the one who saved them. Compared to that, he seemed somewhat incompetent. No matter how bitter he felt, he had to keep up appearances.
The rain had just stopped, and a damp mist still clung to the ruins of Harbortown. Tristan trudged through the mud toward Grace, wearing a warm smile.
“You must be exhausted,” he said. “Come back to the tent with me. I had the chef prepare some chicken soup to help you warm up.”
Raindrops slid down Grace’s cheek, and she wiped them away. Her black field clothes were already soaked through with mud.
She glanced at the civilians huddled in the ruined church nearby. They’d just been rescued from the flood, and some of the children were still burning with fever.
“That’s thoughtful of you, Tristan,” she replied flatly. Her tone gave nothing away, though her fingers unconsciously tightened around the pendant at her waist. It was a gift from Valon, etched with the words, “Protect the People”.
The camp sat on high ground along the northern slope with gray-blue tents dotting the hillside. Outside, soldiers stood in gleaming armor that made a sharp contrast with the ragged refugees below.
Inside the main tent, everything was warm and comfortable. A brazier burned steadily in the corner, its coals giving off a steady, comforting heat.
On the table, slices of smoked venison were neatly arranged on a porcelain platter. Amber-colored wine shimmered in an emerald decanter. Even the preserved fruits served alongside were arranged like flower petals.
“Have a seat,” Tristan said. He pulled out an ornately carved rosewood chair for her. The cloud brocade lining his sleeve cuffs peeked out, embroidered with subtle golden dragons.
“This venison is a tribute from the Skarnvale. It was marinated for three days in 20-year-old wine. Try some?”
He picked up a silver knife, sliced a piece of meat with a perfect fat-to-lean ratio, and offered it to her. The emerald ring on his finger caught the lamplight with a warm, glossy sheen.
But Grace didn’t reach for her utensil. Her eyes had drifted to the military map hanging on the tent wall.
The streets of Harbortown were circled in red ink. On the west side of the city, where the slums were, someone had marked an aggressive black X.
“Tristan, do you know how many people in the quarantine zone are actually infected? And how many are healthy?” Grace’s voice turned sharp and cold.
Her fingertips drummed against the table as she added, “I passed the supply depot on my way here. There’s a stockpile of herbs just sitting untouched. Why haven’t they been distributed?”
Tristan’s hand froze mid-cut, then he burst into laughter.
“You don’t understand. Those herbs are set aside for our troops. If disease breaks out in the camp, we can’t just let our soldiers die, right?” he explained.
He poured himself a drink, and the liquid made a crisp sound as it hit the goblet.
He went on, “Besides, there are so many refugees. How could we possibly save them all?”
“So if we can’t save everyone, you choose to save no one?” Grace retorted. As she shot to her feet, her dark cloak swept past the brazier, sending sparks flying.
She continued, “The people are the foundation of the throne. Have you forgotten that these civilians are citizens of the Dragonmarsh, not weeds to be trampled underfoot?”
Wind carrying the scent of rain and blood seeped through the tent. The candle flames danced and hissed in protest.
Tristan’s smile dimmed as he lifted his goblet for another sip.
“You make a fair point,” he said. “Though Matthias and Nathaniel have been far more ruthless than I have.”
He set the goblet down and lowered his voice.
“When the plague hit Thornwick, Matthias just set everything on fire. He burned over 10,000 people alive. You can still see black smoke rising from their bones.
“When Sommertown got hit, Nathaniel was just as brutal. He burned, killed, and buried people alive. His hands are soaked with innocent blood.
He picked up the goblet and added, ” Compared to them, I’ve been merciful. Everything I’ve done has been for the greater good. To stop the plague from spreading.”
“That’s enough!” Grace cut him off. Her knuckles were white from how tightly she clenched her fist.
She turned and looked outside the tent. The post-rain sky had just begun to brighten. In the distance, the cries of the refugees drifted in on the wind, each one like a knife to the heart.
“I’ll remember what they’ve done. But I’ll also report to Father how you stood by and watched while people suffered,” she said coldly.
Tristan’s smile vanished. He set his goblet down hard, the base hitting the table with a hollow thunk.
“Why do you have to be like this?” he asked. “We share the same mother. If you’d just stand with me, we could rule Dragonmarsh together someday. Think of how many more lives we could save. What could be better than that?”
“You’re wrong, Tristan.” Grace straightened her collar, her voice returning to its usual cool reserve. “I never wanted power. I just want people to live in peace.”
She glanced at the feast spread across the table. The fancy spread looked ridiculous now.
“I won’t be staying for dinner. The children in the quarantine zone are still waiting for their medicine.”
With that, she turned and walked away. Tristan watched her figure disappear into the distance, his smile slowly fading.
When the tent flap lifted, cold air rushed in and set the candle flames dancing wildly. His shadow twisted across the wall, long and distorted.
Only after Grace had gone completely out of sight did he slowly clench his fist until his knuckles turned white. His eyes were seething with silent rage.
###Chapter 2631
Thick black smoke blanketed the sky over Thornwick. The once-bustling streets now lay in deathly silence. Choking, acrid fumes filled the air, mixed with the metallic tang of blood and the putrid stench of decay.
At the mass burial ground in the southwest of the city, massive fires still raged. Flames crackled and hissed as they consumed what remained of human life. Charred bodies twisted in the heat while half-burned limbs occasionally tumbled from the pyre, exposing white bone.
Matthias stood on the hillside in his protective gear, staring down at the scene with complete indifference.
There wasn’t a flicker of emotion on his sharply defined face. It was as if what burned below weren’t thousands of human lives, but a field of dry grass. Dried blood stained his protective gear, gleaming dully in the sunlight.
“Your Highness, we found another 37 infected civilians in the western quarter.
We’ve brought them all here,” the assistant general reported, dropping to one knee. His voice shook slightly. 1
Matthias nodded, yet his gaze remained fixed on the direction of the burning ground. When he spoke, his tone was flat as if he were commenting on the weather.
“Toss them in.”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
The assistant general rose and gestured to the soldiers behind him.
37 civilians in rags were shoved forward. Some burned with fever, barely able to stay on their feet. Others moved with vacant eyes, their will to resist long since drained away.
The scorching heat hit them as they neared the flames. It jolted them awake, and a chorus of panicked screams erupted as they scrambled to back away.
But the soldiers grabbed them one by one and hurled them into the inferno. Their screams cut through the air before the crackling fire swallowed them.
“Your Highness, we’ve dealt with over 8,000 people since the burning began,” the assistant general reported again, sweat beading on his forehead.
Without turning, Matthias replied in a calm, deliberate voice, “Keep searching. Don’t let a single infected person escape.”
“Your Highness!”
Neville stepped forward, unable to stay silent any longer. He stared at the smoking burial ground and frowned.
“This can’t go on. If we kill this many civilians at once and the royal court finds out, the consequences will be unthinkable.”
He’d seen enough war to last a lifetime, but the scene in front of him still turned his stomach. He understood how deadly the plague was, but burning people without even trying to tell who was infected was inhumane.
Matthias finally turned and fixed Neville with a cold, hard stare.
“Desperate times call for desperate measures,” he said. “This plague is spreading like wildfire. If we don’t act now, and it slips out of control, Thornwick will be a graveyard.
“And when that happens, we won’t be talking about a few thousand bodies. It’ll be tens of thousands or maybe hundreds of thousands.
“As for Father, proper information control ensures he’ll never know what happened here. Once the plague ends, this will all be forgotten.”
Neville wanted to persuade him again, but that icy stare made the words die in his throat. He let out a heavy sigh and stepped back in silence.
He knew Matthias too well. Once he made a decision, nothing could change his mind. Further protest would accomplish nothing.
The soldiers continued dragging the infected into the fire. The blaze in the mass grave burned hotter by the minute, and thick black smoke poured into the sky, darkening the air above Thornwick.
Meanwhile, Sommertown presented an equally horrific scene.
Nathaniel stood atop the city walls, surveying the cordoned area below. Soldiers had dug an enormous pit in the clearing and stacked firewood around its rim.
“Bring the infected here,” he commanded, his voice devoid of any warmth.
Soon after, a group of civilians was herded in. Most wore rags and bore black-blue lesions across their skin.
Many coughed violently, spraying blood-flecked sputum. Some clutched feverish children whose faces burned red and whose breathing came in shallow gasps.
“Please spare my child. He’s just a little boy.”
A woman collapsed to her knees, still holding her son. She knocked her head against the ground until blood ran down her face.
Nathaniel watched impassively, like he couldn’t even hear her begging.
“Throw them in.”
Soldiers stepped forward and yanked the child from her arms. Both were hurled into the pit along with the others. The pit echoed with screams and people begging for their lives.
“Set it on fire,” he said flatly.
A torch was tossed into the pit. The dry kindling caught instantly, and flames raced across the fuel. The screaming stopped all at once, replaced by the awful sound of flesh crackling in the heat.
Thick smoke billowed up and spread across the sky over Sommertown. The stench was even worse than what hung over Thornwick.
An elderly man broke from the crowd, trying to reach his family in the burning pit. One soldier’s blade cut him down before he took three steps. His blood pooled on the dirt.
“Anyone who resists will be executed on the spot!” Nathaniel barked, his eyes blazing with murderous intent.
Below the wall, a boy of maybe seven or eight peered out from behind a stack of lumber. He looked from the roaring flames to the cold figure above, with fear and confusion written all over his small face.
His parents had been among those thrown into the pit. Only his hiding place had saved him from the same fate.
The fire continued its work, devouring life after life. Sommertown’s remaining citizens cowered in doorways and alleys, too terrified to make a sound…
The entire city had become a vast tomb, with only that burning pit bearing witness to the horror that had unfolded.
###Chapter 2632
Five days passed in the blink of an eye. The plague on the Ashen Coast was finally under control, but the aftermath was different in every city.
Reedcrest, where the outbreak had first begun, had suffered the least. Its people had been properly resettled and cared for.
Harbortown’s proximity to Reedcrest and Grace’s timely rescue efforts had made it possible to eliminate the mutated plague, albeit at significant cost.
Thornwick and Sommertown had eradicated the plague, but the price they paid was catastrophic. Thousands of civilians had been burned alive and slaughtered, and their bodies were piled high in the streets.
Although Matthias and Nathaniel tried their best to cover it up, claiming it was to prevent the spread of the plague, word had leaked out anyway. Soon, heated debates erupted throughout the government and the public.
Some condemned them for cruelty, while others believed that desperate times called for desperate measures and saw nothing wrong with their actions.
Once the crisis ended, Grace returned to Oakvale with her troops. Soon after, she sent a sealed letter to Valon, detailing everything Tristan, Matthias, and Nathaniel had done.
Inside the palace of Aylka, the rich scent of sandalwood mixed with strong medicine hung thickly in the air of the royal study, forming a dense, almost tangible haze.
Valon, draped in his royal robe, reclined on a soft chaise draped with white fox fur. His slender wrist rested on a gilded pillow, and his fingertips were tinged with a faint bluish hue.
He was in the middle of a coughing fit when Dorian Pemberton entered carrying a letter with a broken wax seal. Blood seeped through the silk handkerchief in Valon’s hand, as red as the exotic flowers gifted by the Ashen Coast years ago.
“Read it.”
Valon’s voice was rough and gravelly.
Every word he spoke sent sharp pains through his chest. The moment Dorian read “8,000 civilians reduced to ash,” Valon suddenly shot upright. His fingers dug into the carved edge of the chaise.
The letter slipped from Dorian’s trembling hands. As it lay creased on the floor, it seemed to hold the reflection of the Ashen Coast’s flames.
“Those bastards!” Valon growled. Blood surged up his throat and splattered across his robe.
“Your Majesty!” Dorian dropped to his knees, pressing down on Valon’s trembling shoulders.
His voice cracked with urgency as he shouted, “Call the royal doctor now!”
By the time the royal doctor rushed in carrying a medical bag, Valon had already slipped into semi-consciousness.
They quickly inserted silver needles into the pressure points at the crown of Valon’s head and lower chest. His eyes finally fluttered open, though they remained unfocused.
After checking his pulse, the royal doctor, Silvanus Greymont, pulled Dorian into a corner of the room and spoke in a low voice.
“His Majesty’s body is failing, and his pulse is weak. I’m afraid…”
“How much time does he have left?” Dorian asked. His grip tightened on Silvanus’ sleeve until his knuckles turned white.
Silvanus swallowed hard, fidgeting with the lock on his medicine chest.
“At least a month, but not more than three. 11
Just then, the study’s antique clock chimed softly. Valon had regained consciousness and was staring at the ornate chandelier overhead.
“Silvanus,” he said slowly. “I know exactly how sick I am. But Dragonmarsh cannot survive without a ruler. Whatever solution you can think of, no matter how outlandish it sounds, I’m willing to try it.”
Silvanus dropped to his knees and bowed his head.
“Your Majesty, I urge you to keep your composure. I… I once read in ancient texts about Elysium Isle in the Eastern Sea, which supposedly had an elixir of immortality.
“Legend says King Aremis once sent an expedition there with his finest cavalry. He never achieved eternal life, but reportedly lived for 300 years.”
“Elysium Isle?”
Hope flickered briefly in Valon’s eyes before fading.
“The ocean crossing is 10,000 miles, filled with sea monsters and deadly storms. Who could possibly make such a journey for me?
Dorian suddenly chimed in, “The three princes are in their prime, and Princess Grace is both brilliant and brave. Perhaps…
“Them?” Valon laughed bitterly, which dissolved into another coughing fit. He went on, “Matthias is reckless, Nathaniel is ruthless, and Tristan is a coward. Though Grace is capable, she’s just a woman-”
Before he could finish, another violent coughing fit seized him. Dorian quickly stepped forward, patting his back to help him breathe.
When Valon finally caught his breath, he sighed wearily.
“Never mind. No matter what, we have to try. This journey to Elysium Isle will be their final test. Send the decree immediately. Matthias, Nathaniel, and Tristan are to prepare ships and set sail for the elixir.
Whoever brings it back will be named heir to the throne.”
“Yes, Your Majesty,” Dorian responded and turned to leave, but Valon stopped him.
“Hold on… Inform Grace as well. I don’t trust those three incompetents to handle this mission.”
“I understand.” Dorian’s heart raced, though he kept his expression neutral. Whoever retrieved the elixir would become the next ruler. According to Valon’s decree, this wasn’t just a competition between the three princes anymore since Grace would be in the running too.
For all the political factions, this was nothing short of earth-shattering news. It wouldn’t be long before Oakvale was torn apart by the storm that was coming.
###Chapter 2633
Upon receiving Valon’s decree, Tristan, Matthias, Nathaniel, and Grace each reacted differently.
Tristan was sitting in his study, calculating the advantages and disadvantages of his recent expedition to the Ashen Coast.
While his performance hadn’t been particularly outstanding, he had still fared considerably better than Matthias and Nathaniel. Yet even this modest edge clearly wouldn’t change his circumstances. Suddenly, Milton burst through the door with urgent news.
“Your Highness, I just received word from the palace that His Majesty’s condition has worsened. His time is running out. He’s issued a special decree-whichever royal family member can journey to Elysium Isle and return with the elixir of immortality will be named heir to the throne.”
“Heir to the throne?”
Tristan perked up at once. However, his excitement quickly gave way to concern.
He’d heard tales of Elysium Isle, but only as legend. Whether such a place actually existed in the Eastern Sea or whether any elixir of immortality could be found there remained a mystery. He could tell Valon was desperate and willing to try any cure for his illness.
But with the throne on the line, it didn’t matter if the story was true or false, or how many dangers lay ahead, Tristan had to take the chance.
“Pass my order and seal off every dock along the eastern coast immediately. Bring in every fisherman who’s sailed the Eastern Sea, regardless of their age, to the manor for questioning.
“Bring out those glass mirrors we obtained in trade from Persava from the treasury. It is claimed they are able to break the sea’s illusions,” Tristan commanded.
“Yes, Your Highness,” Milton said and hurried off to make arrangements.
Matthias was still worn out and hadn’t even had a chance to catch his breath when the royal decree was being delivered to his mansion. He rushed outside to receive it. After hearing its contents, surprise gave way to pure elation.
He’d expected harsh criticism from Valon. Instead, he was met with the news of Valon’s deteriorating health, which had driven him to seek the elixir of immortality to save his life. If Matthias could travel to Elysium Isle and return with that elixir, the throne would be his.
“Neville, send my orders. Mobilize our finest soldiers immediately and prepare the ships. I’m sailing to Elysium Isle for the elixir.”
“Your Highness, the isle only exists in legend. We don’t even know its exact location. How can we possibly find the elixir?” Neville asked, frowning slightly.
Finding the elixir seemed unlikely when the island’s very existence remained questionable. Perhaps it was nothing more than tall tales spread among the fishermen of the Eastern Sea.
“Then find out its location,” Matthias snapped. “I want every scrap of information about Elysium Isle thoroughly examined. Is that clear?”
“Yes, Your Highness.” Neville didn’t dare to argue and departed swiftly.
Inside a moving luxury car, Nathaniel, who had been resting with closed eyes, received an unexpected phone call. Once he grasped the whole situation, he laughed.
“That’s great! Elysium Isle, huh? Seeking the elixir? Hmm… The position of heir is as good as mine.”
After ending the call, he immediately instructed his driver to change course.
Nathaniel had only ever heard passing mentions of Elysium Isle before and knew little about it. But he had one key advantage -he knew someone who did, and that person had actually been there before.
Upon receiving the royal decree, Grace showed none of her three brothers’ enthusiasm. Instead, she frowned.
First, Valon’s condition had worsened, and that alone was cause for worry. Second, he was using the royal throne as a bargaining chip for some mythical elixir of immortality to prolong his life.
She could already foresee the bloodshed and chaos this would unleash. Most troubling of all was the uncertainty of what kind of ruler might be chosen through such a scheme.
The thought of the innocent lives lost at the Ashen Coast filled her with anger.
Neither Tristan, Matthias, nor Nathaniel was fit to rule wisely. Should any of them ascend the throne, the resulting chaos would be unimaginable.
“Is there really such a thing as the elixir of immortality on Elysium Isle?” she asked Dustin, who was polishing his blade..
Without stopping what he was doing, he replied evenly, “Ancient records speak of three mystical mountains surrounding Elysium Isle-Seraphiel, Valerian, and Elysium. But fishermen who’ve ventured there describe it more as a dimensional rift, where visitors witness different phenomena entirely.”
He set the blade on the table, its polished spine catching his reflection.
“A century ago, a priest tried to sail there to preach. When he returned, he looked deranged and claimed the inhabitants sustained themselves by consuming life essence from other beings.
“He also insisted he’d seen warships from King Aremis’ era. Most unsettling of all, he’d left in the prime of his life. However, he came back with a full head of white hair and a beard to match, as if decades had passed in an instant.”
Grace arched an eyebrow. “So it’s a one-way trip?”
“More accurately, an unknown fate,” Dustin said indifferently. “Some claim it’s a paradise where you can live forever. Others say it’s a hell that strips away your soul, leaving you damned for all eternity.”
“Sounds a bit far-fetched.” She narrowed her eyes.
“These are just rumors,” he said with a shrug. “No one can verify the truth.”
“I’m planning to head to the Eastern Sea to see if this so-called Elysium Isle really exists,” Grace said bluntly.
“I was thinking the same thing,” Dustin said. He added earnestly, “My old man probably doesn’t have much time left, either. If we can locate Elysium Isle and obtain the elixir, perhaps we can extend his life by several years.”
Valon wasn’t the only one who was terminally ill. Rufus was suffering from Celestial Decay and was also on the brink of death.
Given this opportunity to seek the elixir at Elysium Isle, Dustin couldn’t let it pass. Whatever the risks, he had to try finding the cure for his father.
###Chapter 2634
Grace stared at a mountain of sea charts on her desk, running her fingers over the yellowed hemp paper. Under the flickering candlelight, the shipping routes marked in red-inked lines resembled dried blood.
When Dustin entered, he saw her sliding a thick collection of leather-bound ledgers into a rosewood case. Between the pages, words like “freshwater supplies” and ” ration calculations” revealed her meticulous planning for their upcoming voyage.
“Any news from the fishermen?” he asked. Grace glanced toward the window, where dusk was settling outside.
“Sadie just returned from the fishing harbor. She found an old fisherman named Jonah Quade. Three years ago, he spotted what looked like a mirage near Wailing Deep. He swore he saw grand palaces floating in the clouds and a stone marker engraved with the words ‘Elysium Isle.'”
She paused, then drummed her fingers on the desk.
“But he said that the phenomenon only lasted half an hour. When he looked again, even the sea fog had cleared.”
Dustin walked toward her desk and picked up a sea chart marked with the words ” Wailing Deep”. Next to the whirlpool-shaped area circled in ink were the fishermen’s scrawled notes.
“In June, strange winds rise, and no ship ever returns once it enters. A giant creature lurks below, and one can even hear a wailing sound at night.”
As he ran a finger over the jagged script, he chuckled softly.
“This is more accurate than the maps in the palaces.” Three days later, they arrived at the fishing port of Westhaven. It was shrouded in a salty, briny morning mist.
Grace stood on the deck of the Wavebreaker, dressed in sleek black gear, watching as the soldiers loaded the last batch of supplies onto the ship.
Sealed jars were stacked along both sides of the deck, filled with compressed rations and herbs. The water barrels below deck were reinforced with lead lining and stocked to last three months. Even tools and weapons for facing all kinds of dangers were fully prepared.
“Mr. Quade.” Grace looked at Jonah, who was hunched near the rail. His grip tightened over a faded safety amulet until his knuckles had gone white.
“Are you sure it’s located west of Wailing Deep?” she asked. He nodded weakly. His cloudy eyes fixed on the churning waves ahead.
“No doubt about it. That’s where my third son was buried. The sun was blazing that day, then suddenly, this white fog rolled in. Through the mist, the island appeared, and it looked like a heavenly palace, and so grand.”
He suddenly broke into a coughing fit and doubled over.
“But that fog was strange. Any net it touched was completely rotted to tatters by the next day.”
Dustin suddenly pressed his hand against the ship’s iron anchor and tapped the rusted ring lightly. Deep vibrations traveled up the chain, as though something stirred in the depths below. He studied the horizon where storm clouds gathered like spilled ink across parchment.
“Raise the anchor.” His voice cut through the rising wind. “If we don’t leave now, the typhoon will trap us in the harbor.”
The soldiers scrambled around the winch, hauling the heavy iron anchor. A trail of bubbles marked its slow ascent to the surface.
As the white sails of the Wavebreaker billowed in the morning breeze, Jonah suddenly slumped against the deck planks. He stared at the waves trailing behind them and muttered to himself, “I shouldn’t have come… I really shouldn’t have…”
The first five days at sea were calm. Occasional flocks of seagulls skimmed the bright blue waves, while the sunset painted the ocean gold.
Grace would climb to the crow’s nest every day and scan the horizon with her spyglass. Meanwhile, Dustin stayed below in the cabin, studying an ancient manuscript about the legends of Elysium Isle.
On the sixth day, the afternoon sky suddenly darkened.
The helmsman was the first to notice the changes. He saw the compass needle spinning wildly, and the brass face of the compass was so hot it burned his hand.
Before he could shout, the ship began to shake violently, as if grabbed by an invisible giant hand and tossed repeatedly.
Grace slammed into the rail as the ship rocked. Her pendant hit the railing with a sharp crack, a fine fracture appearing across it.
“It’s a waterspout!” someone screamed, pointing at the distant sea.
A thick column of water shot up from the waves toward the sky. Lightning twisted and flashed inside the dark clouds, each strike lighting up the fierce whirlpools on the ocean surface.
Rain pelted the deck like shards of ice. The sails tore apart in the fierce wind, groaning as they ripped.
Grace leaped up to the top of the mast. A golden light gathered in her palm, forming a shield that barely blocked the broken mast. She looked down and noticed the sea had turned black as ink.
Towering waves slammed against the deck, and among the spray floated shards of ice. Though it was midsummer, the water felt as cold as winter.
“Everyone, hold on tight!” Grace shouted. Her voice was shredded by the raging wind, but carried undeniable authority.
The soldiers frantically grabbed the iron chains along the ship’s rail. Some were swept overboard by massive waves and were swallowed by the whirlpools before they could even scream for help. Just then, the lookout let out a piercing scream.
“Tentacles! Tentacles!” Grace looked up and saw several thick gray tentacles rising from the churning waves. Each was as wide as a bucket, covered in suction cups, with bits of bone caught in the cups.
One slammed violently onto the deck, punching a hole through the solid teak wood. Two soldiers failed to dodge and were caught fast by the suction cups. Their screams ended abruptly as their bodies were torn in half, blood splattering the sails.
###Chapter 2635
“It’s a Dreadkraken!” Jonah shouted. He slumped against the cabin door, his teeth chattering. “According to legend, this sea creature from Wailing Deep feeds exclusively on living humans.”
As he spoke, more tentacles lashed out from every direction. Some wrapped around the mast and snapped the sturdy timber clean in half. Others thrust into the cabin, smashing the supplies to bits.
A young soldier was grabbed by a tentacle and hoisted high into the air. He screamed his comrades’ names in terror before being flung into the crashing waves, disappearing beneath the surface.
The ship lurched violently to one side. Several crew members lost their footing and went tumbling across the deck.
A military medic with his medical kit rushed to help wounded soldiers, but a tentacle that came out of nowhere knocked him down. The kit spilled open on the deck, scattering the herbs that were instantly soaked by seawater.
Suction cups along the tentacle latched onto his leg. He shrieked in pain and helplessly watched as he was being dragged toward the ship’s edge.
“Help!” He stretched out his hand, crying out in desperation. One soldier grabbed his spear and jabbed at the tentacle. It sank into the flesh but was instantly gripped by the suction cups.
The soldier pulled hard, only to be dragged forward several steps by the tentacle’s strength. Another tentacle suddenly whipped in from the side, knocking him to the ground and causing him to drop his spear.
Grace saw what was happening and immediately drew her sword. Sword energy flashed like silver lightning through the rain, slicing clean through the tentacle holding the military medic’s leg.
Dark green blood sprayed onto the deck, sizzling as it burned through the wood. But the wound quickly sprouted new tissue and healed visibly before her eyes.
This terrifying regenerative ability made her frown. Before she could process it, an increasing number of tentacles swept toward them.
She slashed her sword rapidly as the soldiers armed themselves and began striking back at the Dreadkraken’s tentacles.
But the tentacles seemed endless as each one severed was quickly replaced by another rising from the sea to launch new attacks. For a moment, the entire ship was thrown into chaos.
Just when Grace and her team were being overwhelmed, Dustin suddenly launched himself skyward and hovered above the ship.
With a single sweep of his hand, streams of golden light cascaded down, forming dozens of gleaming blades that severed every tentacle breaking the surface.
A furious roar echoed from the waves. The sea creature beneath was clearly enraged as hundreds of tentacles shot up from the pitch-black depths like cannonballs, targeting Dustin. A golden barrier suddenly materialized around him, blocking every strike.
His form flickered several times in rapid succession. Suddenly, all those hundreds of tentacles split apart, falling like chunks of torn flesh into the bottomless sea below.
Just then, Grace shouted, “The sea creature’s main body is on the seafloor.”
With the Dreadkraken’s vitality and rapid regeneration, severing its tentacles wouldn’t be enough. They had to destroy its main body to finish it off for good.
Without hesitation, Dustin transformed into a streak of golden light and plunged into the raging waves. Compared to the vast, stormy ocean, his small form was barely noticeable. The golden light penetrated the surface without so much as a splash and disappeared into the depths.
The Dreadkraken seemed to sense the threat and suddenly withdrew all its tentacles back underwater.
The sea churned violently, forming a massive whirlpool. The Wavebreaker was dragged downward, and the wooden planks of its hull cracked under the pressure.
Down in the depths, Dustin moved like a golden sword and dove toward the sea creature’s main body. After diving over 300 feet down, he finally glimpsed the enormous creature lurking on the seafloor.
It was a colossal Dreadkraken with what looked like thousands of writhing tentacles. Its head was as large as a ship’s cabin, dotted with countless compound eyes that glowed an eerie green in the darkness. Rows of spinning, razor-sharp teeth lined its maw like tiny saw blades. The sight was absolutely horrifying.
“You’re asking for it!” Dustin muttered, narrowing his eyes. Without hesitation, he swung his sword downward. A sword aura stretching over a hundred feet long shot out, striking straight at the Dreadkraken’s head.
The ocean floor trembled, and waves burst violently around them. Wherever the sword aura passed, the sea split apart, revealing a deep chasm like a bottomless pit. Before the Dreadkraken could even react, the sword aura pierced right through it.
The Dreadkraken let out a deafening roar filled with pain and fury. It thrashed its tentacles wildly, churning the surrounding water into a muddy froth, but nothing could stop the sword aura’s devastating power.
After a brief moment, the Dreadkraken’s massive body suddenly exploded. Blood gushed out and turned the sea’s surface green.
The previously turbulent sea instantly calmed. The raging tentacles drifted down like dead vines, sinking slowly into the depths. A second later, Dustin burst from the waves in a flash of golden light and landed smoothly on deck.
Cheers broke out across the entire ship. Defeating such a fearsome sea monster alone and saving everyone from certain death was an almost unbelievable display of power.
Jonah, who’d been paralyzed with fear just moments before, now stared at Dustin as if he were looking at a god. His face was filled with awe and reverence.
###Chapter 2636
As Dustin landed on the damaged deck, the golden glow from his sword gradually dimmed. Dark green blood floated on the rain-soaked sea, spreading slowly across the surface.
The typhoon had passed quietly in the distance. A break appeared in the storm clouds, letting through a ray of sunlight that fell across the battered Wavebreaker.
Grace steadied herself against the rolling gunwale, watching the sea settle back into calm. She exhaled in relief. That Dreadkraken had already reached ultimate grandmaster level. It was enormously large and had terrifying regenerative abilities.
Even the strongest grandmaster at that level wouldn’t stand a chance against it. They were lucky Dustin was there. Otherwise, the casualties would have been devastating.
The sea finally calmed down, and the storm gradually subsided. As Wavebreaker bobbed on the swells, the deck was littered with blood and splintered wood.
Soldiers sat slumped on the deck, gasping for air, with fear still etched on every face. “How’s it going? Are you alright?” Grace asked as she approached Dustin.
“Don’t worry. That sea creature was strong, but not enough to hurt me,” he said, shaking his head. “Still, it’s unusual to run into something like that so soon after entering the Eastern Sea.
“The sea is yast and full of mysteries,” Grace replied with a grim expression. ”
There are many areas that have never been explored, especially in the deep waters. Who knows what kinds of creatures lurk beneath? I’m worried this journey will be anything but easy.”
Though she had prepared mentally before they set out, she’d still underestimated how treacherous the Eastern Sea could be. After just three days, they’d already encountered a terrifying beast.
What lay ahead would probably be worse, but there was no turning back. They’d have to deal with whatever came next.
Sunlight broke through the clouds and shimmered on the water’s surface. The Wavebreaker slowly glided across the surface, sailing into the unknown.
Everyone on board was exhausted but determined. They knew challenges lay ahead, but they were ready. No matter what came, they wouldn’t give up.
On deck, soldiers cleaned up and repaired the ship while the military medics worked hard treating the wounded. Despite the tough conditions, everyone was giving their best effort.
Grace and Dustin stood at the bow, staring toward the horizon. Their expressions were heavy with conflicting emotions.
They had no idea where exactly Elysium Isle might be, or what they’d find when they got there. But they believed persistence would see them through to their goal.
A gentle breeze carried a sense of hope as the Wavebreaker sailed on across the endless sea, heading toward the legendary island. As dusk fell, Tristan’s ship, Stormrider, led the fleet through the churning waters of the Eastern Sea.
The copper lanterns on deck had just been lit when a lookout on the west screamed in terror, “There are many shadows lurking under the water.”
Before he finished speaking, the ship jolted violently. A terrible grinding sound rose from the bottom as if countless sharp teeth were gnawing at the wooden planks.
Tristan steadied himself on the carved railing and saw the sea suddenly boil with white foam.
Thousands of silvery-gray shapes churned through the waves. They were piranhas, nearly three feet long, with flat heads lined with rows of serrated teeth. Their dorsal fins sliced through the water like knives as they slammed into the hull.
“Abyssal Piranhas!” one man shouted, dropping to their knees, trembling. ” Ordinary piranhas are only about the size of a hand, but these… these have turned into monsters.”
The stern planks suddenly ripped open with a gaping hole. Dozens of piranhas surged onto the deck with the rushing water.
One soldier didn’t have time to draw his weapon. The piranhas latched onto his calf, twisting and tearing, stripping meat from bone in seconds. His screams cut off abruptly as blood and torn flesh splattered across the deck.
Another soldier swung his sword in a wide arc. His strike sliced through the attacking fish, but even the severed piranhas writhed and snapped their razor-sharp teeth on the deck.
Even more piranhas slipped through the hull’s cracks. Their iron-like scales deflected regular blades, leaving hardly a scratch.
On the other hand, the soldiers’ flesh was easily torn apart. As blood flowed through the deck’s cracks into the sea, it drew even more piranhas into a frenzy.
A huge wave suddenly rose from the sea, and then a giant piranha, nearly 30 feet long, broke through the water. Its body was pitch black, with bone spines jutting from its dorsal fin.
The fish’s head was the size of a barrel, with twin rows of fangs glowing with sickly blue venom. It was the Piranha King.
It opened its maw and bit clean through a ship’s rail. Several soldiers failed to dodge and were swallowed whole. The wet, crunching sounds echoed through the night air.
“Open fire!” one soldier shouted while swinging his sword. Gunfire and cannon blasts soon thundered, striking the water like heavy raindrops. Dead piranhas floated belly-up in spreading clouds of blood.
The smoke hadn’t even cleared when the Piranha King led an even larger swarm in a counterattack. It rammed straight into one of Tristan’s escort vessels, snapping the ship in half.
Water and fish poured through the breach. Soldiers fought in waist-deep water, but the swarm quickly overwhelmed them. Soon, only blood bubbles and bone fragments rose to the surface.
The soldiers from the other escort ships couldn’t help but shudder in fear as they watched.
###Chapter 2637
Nobody expected the Abyssal Piranhas to pack such devastating power under the Piranha King’s command. With one ramming attack, they had snapped a 60-foot escort ship clean in two, defying all logic.
This had evolved beyond just a school of fish into something more like demonic sea creatures. While ordinary Abyssal Piranhas were already terrifying, these evolved monsters weren’t just bigger and more savage, but were almost impossible to kill.
Despite the ship being equipped with every weapon imaginable, the crew was still somewhat overwhelmed when facing thousands of these piranhas.
The sea wind whipped at Tristan’s black serpent-embroidered battle robe, lifting it just enough to reveal the jewel-encrusted sword at his hip. His eyes lingered on the escort ship that had been split clean in two, watching fire flicker across its deck before the dark waters swallowed it whole.
“Pass my orders!” he ordered.
He drew his sword and leveled it at the swarm. The steel glinted under the glow of the bronze lanterns.
“Aim the portside cannons at the densest clusters while the starboard martial artists form a shield formation and seal every breach on deck.”
Cannons erupted in thunderous blasts, sending iron shot gouging white scars across the sea. Shredded fish rained down like hail. Yet the piranha horde moved with uncanny coordination, slipping through gaps between cannon volleys as if driven by a single mind.
The crack in the stern had widened even more, allowing dozens of silver-gray piranhas to spill onto the tilted deck. Their teeth scraped against planks in a shrill chorus that made every soldier’s skin crawl.
“Your Highness, the shield formation in the southeast corner is falling!” the captain, Zondell Wright, shouted.
His left arm had been chewed to ribbons, yet he still gripped his shield tightly.
Tristan vaulted past the splintered mast. His sword aura lashed out in silver streaks, cleaving three piranhas before they could reach Zondell. Dark green blood sprayed across his face, heavy with a sharp, rancid stench.
“Use kerosene.” He kicked aside a writhing fish carcass and shouted, “Pour it over the rails!”
The soldiers scrambled to haul up wooden barrels. Red fluid streamed down the ship’s sides until it shimmered with faint blue in the sea breeze.
When Tristan snapped his fingers, sparks leaped forth. Flames raced along the kerosene trail as it rose into a wall of fire around the ship.
Shrill cries rose from the burning swarm as charred piranhas thrashed in the firestorm, though a few slipped past the flames and slammed their blazing bodies into the deck.
Suddenly, the Piranha King leaped from the waves and its 30-foot body crashed down on the bow in a surge of black water. The ornate figurehead shattered into splinters while three soldiers who couldn’t dodge in time were swept away by its tail and fell into the school below.
“It’s afraid of fire!” Tristan caught how the Piranha King’s dark blue pupils contracted as it leaped over the wall of flame.
After slashing through the swarm tangling around the anchor chain, he shouted, ” Throw every lantern and torch to the bow.”
Dozens of bronze lamps arced through the air toward the bow. Their flames whirled in the wind like wheels of gold, illuminating the Piranha King’s silhouette clearly enough to reveal a stark white patch on its belly without scales.
Seizing the chance, Tristan grabbed a satchel of explosives from the deck. The fuse hissed to life in his palm as he ordered, “Zondell, take ten death warriors and strike with me!”
Ten figures sprinted across the swaying planks. Their combined energy formed an overhead shield against the raining piranha.
###Chapter 2638
Tristan jumped onto the ship’s rail first, using a jumping piranha as a springboard. His figure blurred into a trail of afterimages across the wave crests.
Sensing the threat, the Piranha King’s massive jaws snapped open, revealing two rows of fangs gleaming with toxic blue light. A wave of putrid breath rolled out, nearly suffocating anyone nearby.
“Now!” Tristan hurled the explosive pack toward the Piranha King’s belly while slashing through the fish swarming around his ankles.
As the fuse burned out, he used the explosion’s shockwave to flip back onto the ship. A thunderous blast rocked the sea. The Piranha King’s body convulsed violently as dark green blood splattered like a downpour.
But the massive creature hadn’t died. Instead, it thrashed the sea with its tail fin in fury, raising waves that nearly capsized the Stormrider.
Clinging to the railing, Tristan watched the wound on the Piranha King’s belly heal at a visible rate. His heart sank as he realized the monster had regenerative powers too.
“Aim for its eyes!” he roared.
Artillery poured out in torrents, hammering the Piranha King’s head until green eye fluid gushed forth. The creature let out a deafening roar. Its trashing caused the ship to groan and creak, widening the deck cracks by several more feet.
“Bring the chains!” Tristan’s voice was hoarse from shouting. “Wrap them around its dorsal fin.”
Five soldiers hauled chains as thick as a man’s wrist, risking being torn apart by the swarm as they jumped onto the Piranha King’s back.
The moment the chains threaded through the dorsal fin’s bone spikes, Tristan drew his sword and plunged it into the creature’s wound. He channeled his energy through the blade to tear apart its internal organs.
The Piranha King’s body suddenly went rigid. Its massive jaws opened and closed futilely before it finally rolled belly-up in the waves.
Without their leader, the swarm of piranhas immediately fell into chaos. Some frantically rammed the ship while others fled in panic.
While watching the floating fish corpses, Tristan suddenly recalled an ancient manuscript mentioning that piranhas fear their own kind’s blood. He immediately ordered, “Collect the Piranha King’s blood and dump it in the sea.”
As the dark green blood poured from the hull into the ocean, the once-frenzied swarm scattered like they’d encountered their natural enemy. Even the piranhas stuck in the deck cracks were struggling to retreat back into the water.
When the gunpowder smoke cleared, dawn was breaking in the east. Tristan leaned against the broken railing, catching his breath. His serpent-embroidered battle robe was soaked in blood, but he remained upright.
The surviving soldiers collapsed on deck. Some wrapped their wounds with torn cloth while others stared blankly at the sea.
In the morning light, the Stormrider’s tattered sails flapped like a blood-stained banner.
“Count our losses,” Tristan said wearily.
“Your Highness, 46 dead and 27 severely wounded,” reported his aide, hands trembling as he held the ledger. “Three escort ships sunk, and the main vessel needs at least three days of repairs.”
Tristan gazed at the distant rolling waves where the water had returned to its azure blue, as if last night’s bloody battle had never happened.
“Pass the word. Start repairs immediately without a moment’s delay. I will be the first to set foot on Elysium Isle,” he declared.
By now, nothing could stop him, no matter how great the obstacle. He would reach Elysium Isle and obtain the elixir, no matter the cost.
The loss of a few men meant nothing. Even if the entire fleet were sacrificed, he wouldn’t hesitate.
###Chapter 2639
Matthias’ fleet had just entered the mist-shrouded depths of the Eastern Sea, where lead-gray clouds pressed low over the horizon. Even the salty sea breeze carried a metallic, rusty tang.
Standing on the main deck of the Surgebreaker, he rolled a small white stone between his fingers while scanning the fog – swallowed horizon.
The three escort ships sent to scout the route had been out of contact for half an hour, leaving the supposedly safe channel marked on their charts silent and still at the bottom of a deep well.
“Your Highness, something’s off with the current,” the elderly helmsman beside him said. He suddenly gripped the compass as its bronze needle spun violently and frost formed along its edges.
“This fog… It’s alive.”
Before he could finish speaking, a sharp cracking sound erupted from the west.
A massive waterspout burst through the thick fog, revealing the wreckage of half a ship twisting and flipping through the rolling waves. Lanterns on the deck flickered twice like dying fireflies before the dark green water swallowed them whole.
“That’s Patrol Three!” the lookout shouted, his voice trembling with panic. ” It’s gone under!”
Matthias clenched the white stone so tight the edges dug into his palm. Just as he was about to order a closer inspection, the fog on the east side ripped apart. It revealed the upturned hull of another guard ship with a gaping hole nearly ten feet wide running along its side.
The wooden planks at the edges had been twisted like rope under immense force while seawater rushed in with a bubbling, relentless roar.
“There’s something in the fog!”
Panicked shouts erupted across the deck as bluish-gray shadows flashed through the dense mist, moving fast as lightning.
Screams erupted from the second and third escort ships as well as the cracking of splintering wood mixed with soldiers’ wails, echoing across the fog-choked sea.
Matthias suddenly noticed something around the vanishing wreckage. The sea surface was slowly rising, as if some black mountain range was emerging from the depths.
“Fire the flares,” he shouted, drawing his sword toward the fog. His dark battle robe whipped in the wind, revealing the silver-threaded dragon embroidered along its chest.
Three sulfur flares streaked skyward before exploding in brilliant light that instantly pierced the mist. During that illuminated moment, everyone gasped.
Dozens of ship fragments floated on the surface, each piece showing clean, precise cuts as if severed by a giant blade. Even more horrifying were the floating corpses where soldiers’ armor and flesh had been severed at the waist, the cut edges smooth and mirror-like.
“What is that?” Someone pointed at the rising sea surface with a trembling voice.
Under the blinding light, the gray-green shape finally revealed its outline. It was a hulking mass covered in countless knobby growths, each the size of a fist and glinting with a metallic sheen.
Eight thick, jointed limbs plunged into the water beneath the creature. Every stroke sent waves nearly ten feet high while the hooked tips glowed with an eerie blue light. Suddenly, that hulking mass shifted.
A dark shadow whipped out of the fog with a piercing rush and slammed into the side of the Surgebreaker.
The thunderous crash left a dent in the three-inch-thick hull planking. Through the flying wood chips, the crew could see it was a shell-covered giant claw with pincers stretching over 20 feet across.
Inner serrations sharper than sword blades slowly opened and closed while fragments of broken armor still hung between the teeth.
“It’s… It’s a Brineclaw!”
The elderly helmsman slumped against the wheel, his eyes wide with terror.
“A Brineclaw bigger than our ship!”
As the thick fog slowly dissipated, it revealed the full scale of the monstrous creature. It was nearly half the size of the Surgebreaker with a dark blue-black carapace encrusted in layers of barnacles like natural armor. Two protruding compound eyes rotated on their stalks, glowing a menacing crimson.
However, the most terrifying part was its massive pincers. The right claw gleamed with dark gold along its edge, clearly worn smooth from crushing hard s for years. Meanwhile, the left claw bristled with backward-facing spikes, dripping thick, dark green liquid.
The Brineclaw slowly rotated its enormous body, and water droplets rolled off its shell and splashed into the sea below. When its crimson compound eyes turned toward the Surgebreaker, it was as though the entire ship were gripped by invisible hands, and the air itself seemed to freeze
Matthias tightened his grip on the sword hilt until his knuckles went white. He finally understood how those ships had sunk.
The Brineclaw didn’t rely on brute force to destroy vessels but used those blade-like giant claws to slice through hulls like cutting sheet metal.
The creature seemed to sense his stare and suddenly raised its right claw, swinging it down hard toward the Surgebreaker’s main mast.
As the air itself was torn with a sharp rending sound, Matthias’ pupils contracted sharply.
###Chapter 2640
The massive claw came crashing down. Neville’s lone arm shot out to grab the winch chain. His empty left sleeve flapped wildly in the wind while the veins in his remaining right arm bulged as he wrapped the iron chain as thick as his forearm around his waist. He managed to haul the tilting ship back half an inch through sheer force.
“Form the iron chain formation,” he bellowed. The deck trembled under his thunderous roar. 20 burly soldiers immediately rushed forward to hammer the chain’s barbed end into the gunwale posts.
When the giant claw struck the chain with mountain-shattering force, Neville’s knees buckled suddenly while his boot heels carved deep furrows in the planking. He forced down the rush of metallic taste rising in his throat.
“This beast’s claws could crush iron and stone,” he muttered as he watched the crack spreading along the iron chain.
With a sudden surge of strength from his lone arm, he yanked the chain sharply to the side.
The giant claw scraped past the mast and smashed a hole ten feet wide in the deck. Wood splinters mixed with seawater erupted upward while three soldiers who couldn’t dodge in time were instantly swept to the bottom of the sea.
Enraged, the Brineclaw swept its barbed left claw across the deck. Neville’s pupils contracted sharply while he ripped open the powder pouch at his belt.
“Light it!”
The moment the fuse began hissing, he hurled the powder pouch straight at the claw. With a deafening blast, dark green fluid splattered everywhere, leaving only a few scorch marks on the claw’s shell.
But those rows of spikes tore through the ship’s hull, and the resulting stench carried corrosive white mist. Wherever the droplets touched the deck planking, the wood began rotting at a visible rate.
“Its weak spot is the underbelly,” Neville shouted, his one arm pointing straight at the Brineclaw’s floating midsection. ” Eron, take ten men and use hooked spears to snare its legs.”
Ten figures launched from the deck like arrows released from a bow. The hook-bladed spears glinted in the dim light as they pierced the joints of Brineclaw’s massive legs.
But those joint shells proved equally hard. Sparks flew as metal struck its shell, and the hooks snagged on the jagged edges, tangling the spear shafts.
With a violent sweep, the Brineclaw yanked the ten soldiers off the deck. Their screams cut off the instant they hit the water.
“Use fire arrows on its eyestalks.” Neville unstrapped the composite bow from his back and fired three fire arrows simultaneously. 2
As the bowstring thrummed, the arrows’ trailing flames streaked toward the beast’s protruding compound eyes. But the arrows hadn’t even reached it before its massive claw swept through, turning them to ash.
Sparks flew across the deck, igniting the canvas sails. Thick smoke stung the crew’s eyes, making it nearly impossible to see.
Just then, the Brineclaw suddenly submerged its massive body, leaving only its back shell rising and falling with the waves.
A surge of dread slammed into Neville as he shouted, “Everyone, grab onto something! It’s about to overturn the ship.
Before he could say more, towering waves suddenly surged across the sea. The Brineclaw used its eight pairs of legs to churn the water frantically while the Surgebreaker bobbed like a leaf on the awe crests. The hull planking groaned with tooth-grinding snaps.
Even worse, its giant claws climbed the angled deck. With each snap, bronze cannons were crushed to scrap as if they were tin foil.
“Time to finish this beast!”
A soldier with a broken leg clutched an explosive pack and charged toward the giant claw with a howl. He pulled the fuse just before the pincers crushed him. Through the thunderous blast, several spikes on the massive claw were blown off, yet the shell remained completely intact.
Neville’s lone arm had gone numb from the shockwaves. He watched the soldiers fall one after another, then caught sight of a faint gap along the edge of Brineclaw’s belly plate. Pale pink flesh peeked through, rising and falling with each breath.
“Hand me the armor-piercing spike,” he roared toward the weapons crate.
A guard immediately tossed him a foot-long spike of blue-glinting steel.
Neville bit down on the handle while his lone arm gripped the broken mast as he used the ship’s tilting momentum to leap into the air. He spun half a turn in midair to avoid the sweeping massive claw, then landed hard on the Brineclaw’s back plate.
The barnacle-tipped spikes tore through his boots, and blood instantly stained the dark, glossy shell beneath him.
“Take this, you beast!” he roared, yanking the ring-hilted sword from his waist.
With one arm, he bound the hilt to the blade. The steel caught the sunlight, glinting with a deadly gleam.
It was all or nothing.
Sensing the threat on its back, the Brineclaw writhed frantically.
Neville nearly tumbled off several times but managed to cling to gaps in the shell while letting the barbs tear into his palms.
As the beast’s armored belly expanded with a breath, he thrust the ring-hilted sword into a seam of its shell. He pressed down with all his weight, and the blade sank half an inch before dark green blood exploded outward, spraying across his face.
“Now!”
He yanked the armor-piercing spike free and drove it with all his strength into the Brineclaw’s pink underbelly. The moment the tip sank in, the giant beast let out a deafening shriek, thrashing violently across the waves.
Neville was thrown high, then slammed hard against the ship’s railing as blood spurted from his throat, staining the scar across his chest.
But the spike remained firmly lodged in the Brineclaw’s belly armor, and it sank deeper with each struggle. Pale pink flesh turned inside out, and the flowing blood was no longer dark green but carried the fishy-sweet crimson of its heart.
The massive claws’ movements gradually slowed, and their sweeping force weakened. Neville struggled to his feet, supporting himself on the broken sword hilt with his lone arm as he watched the ship-sized crab convulse on the waves.
Its compound eyes gradually lost their luster while its legs flailed weakly. Finally, the enormous body rolled onto its side, exposing the blood-soaked underbelly. Silence fell, broken only by the waves lapping against the hull.
Neville stared at the spike lodged in the Brineclaw’s armor while his lone arm began trembling violently. Though the wound wasn’t fatal, it was enough to strip this near-invulnerable creature of most of its strength.
“General Elrod, you’re injured!”
A guard rushed over, only to discover that Neville’s back had been slashed open by the giant claw’s spines in several bone-deep wounds. Blood was dripping from his empty sleeve onto the deck.
###Chapter 2641
Neville said, “Don’t worry about me. Everyone, attack. We must kill this beast.”
Blood still seeped from the wound on his back as he leaned against the broken rail, but he wasn’t even bothered by it. He ordered his men to keep hammering the Brineclaw until they were certain it was dead.
After relentless attacks from all his forces, the Brineclaw finally stopped moving and showed no signs of life. Neville let out a long breath before collapsing to the deck, gasping heavily.
That monster had been one hell of a fight, but fortunately, Matthias had brought plenty of martial experts on this voyage. Otherwise, they never could have finished it off.
Once the waves finally calmed, Matthias hurried over with a squad of personal guards.
“Neville, I heard you were hurt. How bad is it?” he asked.
“Don’t worry, Your Highness. This is nothing. I’m not going to die from a scratch.” Neville flashed a grin, revealing blood-stained teeth. “Back in my battlefield days, I’ve taken wounds way worse than this and still pulled through.”
When he tried moving his arm, searing pain shot through the wound on his back and made him inhale sharply. Matthias knew Neville’s stubborn streak and didn’t push him further but spoke with quiet authority.
“You’re one of my finest generals, and I can’t afford to lose you. Get that wound treated. There’s still plenty of work that’ll need your attention.”
Neville acknowledged the order with a nod.
Matthias turned toward the Brineclaw floating on the sea’s surface, a gleam flashing in his eyes as he addressed the soldiers, “Everyone, this beast may be fierce, but we’ve taken it down. This proves that when we work together, nothing can stop us from moving forward.”
The soldiers’ spirits immediately lifted while much of their earlier fear and exhaustion seemed to melt away.
He continued, “Hoist this Brineclaw aboard. Its meat must be incredibly delicious. We will feast on it tonight. Eat your fill, regain your strength, and boost your morale!”
“Yes, Your Highness!”
The soldiers cheered in unison, excitement spreading across their faces.
Soon, they secured the enormous crab with thick ropes and used the ship’s winches to haul the creature aboard. Since it was bigger than the ship itself, everyone stared in awe at their monstrous prize before cooking it up and feasting with gusto.
Nathaniel’s fleet was sailing smoothly across the Eastern Sea with massive, sturdy vessels carrying sharp, battle-ready soldiers. Throughout their journey, the sea remained perfectly calm without even the slightest wave while a few lazy white clouds drifted across the azure sky.
Dolphins occasionally leaped from the water in graceful arcs before slipping playfully back beneath the surface, creating ripples across the glassy waters.
Standing at the bow with a telescope in hand, Nathaniel constantly scanned the waters ahead with growing unease. The Eastern Sea was supposed to be perilous, yet their journey had been unnervingly smooth.
“Your Highness, look over there!” a lookout suddenly shouted excitedly. Following the lookout’s pointing finger, Nathaniel saw something extraordinary appearing on the distant sea.
It was the magnificent palaces and towers floating among the clouds with a stone plinth inscribed “Elysium” visible at their entrance, while mist swirled around the buildings like something from a fairy tale.
“It’s Elysium Isle. We found it.”
The soldiers aboard erupted in cheers. Their faces were alight with joy and disbelief. Nathaniel gripped his telescope tightly as excitement coursed through him. The island he had dreamed of for so long was finally within reach.
“Quick! Full speed ahead toward the Elysium Isle,” he commanded. The fleet immediately adjusted course and raced toward the mirage at full speed, ships cutting through calm waters while leaving white trails fanned out behind them.
But just as the fleet drew closer, the surrounding sea underwent an eerie transformation. Previously calm waters began churning violently into massive whirlpools with spinning forces so powerful they seemed ready to devour everything.
The sky darkened instantly as thick clouds rolled overhead and howling wind tore across the waves. Giant swells lunged at the fleet like roaring beasts, tossing ships violently as if ready to flip them at any moment.
“This is bad. We’ve sailed straight into a death zone,” an experienced old sailor cried out in terror, his face white as a sheet.
Nathaniel’s heart sank as he realized what they’d seen wasn’t Elysium Isle at all, but a deadly mirage.
The fleet’s situation had become incredibly perilous. Some ships were lifted high by giant waves only to be slammed down again. Their hulls groaned, as if they might break apart any second.
Others were caught in swirling whirlpools, spinning helplessly as soldiers screamed, powerless to resist. Masts snapped under the roaring wind, and sails shredded into tatters, twisting and flapping wildly in the storm.
###Chapter 2642
Nathaniel’s fleet was caught in the deadly stretch of sea and was tossed by raging waves. Gigantic swells slammed onto the deck one after another, and each impact was deafening.
The ship rocked violently, threatening to come apart. Every groan of the wooden deck echoed the impending destruction.
A soldier was swept into the air by a giant wave. He flailed his arms in despair, but the wind swallowed his scream. He plunged into the sea and was swallowed by the whirlpool without much of a splash.
Nathaniel gripped the railing with all his strength. His knuckles turned white, his nails digging deep into the wood.
His bloodshot eyes stayed fixed on the chaos. Seawater mixed with sweat slid down his face and traced the hard line of his jaw.
“Quick, tie down the ropes,” he shouted, his voice raw. A young soldier nearby fumbled for the rope with trembling hands. Fear was written across his face, his lips quivering as he stammered, “Your Highness, I… I can’t hold it.”
No sooner had he spoken than a stronger gust hit. The whirlpool pulled him in, and the rope snapped. His scream ended abruptly as he vanished into the vortex. Nathaniel could only watch in horror. Shock hit him, but he had no time to grieve.
“Hold on tight, everyone! As long as we get through this whirlpool zone, we’ll be fine! “shouted a commander from one of the escort ships.
As soon as he finished speaking, a giant wave slammed into their ship and flipped it over. In just a few seconds, the entire ship was swallowed by the vortex, and their fate was unknown.
The situation of the other escort ships wasn’t much better. The soldiers on board were screaming and pulling at each other, but it was useless.
One of them reached out toward the main ship, with desperation in his eyes. He opened his mouth, but no sound carne.
Soon, another escort ship was sucked under, leaving only ripples on the sea surface as if nothing had happened. Time passed by slowly, and each second felt like torture.
When the storm eased slightly, Nathaniel looked around, and his heart sank. What had once been an orderly fleet was reduced to a few battered ships. The deck was covered with bloodstains and broken wooden planks.
The surviving soldiers were pale with fear, their eyes vacant. Some slumped to the floor, clutching their heads and sobbing quietly.
Nathaniel took a deep breath and shouted, “Pull yourselves together! We’re still alive, and being alive means there’s hope!”
Suddenly, the ship lurched downward, and a huge force was pulling from the bottom of the ship. Nathaniel looked down and saw a pitch-black whirlpool forming beneath the ship. The pull was so strong that the vessel was already sinking into its grip.
“Damn it!” he cursed under his breath. He wanted to give the order to steer clear, but it was already too late.
###Chapter 2643
Nathaniel’s eyes widened, his expression caught between shock and despair. His hands instinctively clenched tighter.
As the ship was dragged into the whirlpool. Darkness swallowed everything, and the only sound left was the roar of rushing water.
The world spun around him, and his whole body felt like it was being torn in two. He squeezed his eyes shut and clenched his teeth, the veins on his forehead bulging.
Nathaniel had no idea how much time had passed. Suddenly, his body felt lighter, and the ship seemed to settle somewhere. His eyes opened slowly, confusion lingering for a moment before doubt crossed his face.
They were no longer surrounded by the pitch-black sea. Everything around them was bathed in light.
Startled, he pushed himself to his feet. His legs were still wobbling as he made his way to the rail. He looked out, and the sight before him left him frozen in astonishment.
Nathaniel’s jaw dropped, and his eyes widened. The shock on his face gave way to disbelief, and at last to unbridled joy.
“This… This is…” the nearby general stammered as he stepped forward. His previously exhausted face brightened instantly, and his weary eyes glimmered.
Before them lay a massive island that stretched beyond the horizon. The island was covered in dense, vibrant trees of every shape and size.
Some trees had trunks so thick that it would take several people to wrap their arms around them. Their branches spread outward like enormous green umbrellas.
Other trees were slender with straight trunks, topped with vibrant, colorful blooms-red, purple, and yellow-that gave off a sweet fragrance.
A young soldier took a deep breath. A look of bliss spread across his face as he murmured, “It smells incredible… I’ve never smelled anything like this before.”
The island’s ground was covered in thick green moss, soft like a carpet underfoot. Among the moss grew many small, unidentified plants. Some had dewdrops at their tips that glimmered in the sunlight.
One soldier cautiously stepped onto it and shouted with delight, “This moss feels so soft. It’s like walking on a cloud.”
Not far ahead, a clear lake stretched out, and the deep blue water shimmered in the light. Occasionally, several colorful fish leaped into the air before slipping back into the water, sending gentle ripples spreading outward.
Aquatic plants grew along the shore, and their green leaves floated on the surface. Several brightly colored birds perched on the plants, preening their feathers. They called out occasionally with sharp, musical notes.
Deeper inland, mountains stretched in endless waves, with thick forests covering every slope. Mist coiled around the peaks, wrapping the mountains in mystery.
Waterfalls poured down the cliffs, crashing onto the rocks below. The spray caught the sunlight, forming bright little rainbows.
The island’s wildlife was equally remarkable. Several fluffy creatures darted through the forest. They had snow-white fur, long ears, and eyes that gleamed like rubies.
Above, a flock of vividly colored birds flew past. Their feathers caught the sunlight, and their calls were sweet and melodic. The soldiers stared in wonder. Their earlier fear and exhaustion were gone, replaced by curiosity.
Looking at the paradise-like scene before him, Nathaniel trembled with excitement. His lips quivered as his voice filled with long-suppressed joy and elation.
“It’s Elysium Isle. We finally found it.”
###Chapter 2644
Nathaniel stood at the edge of the ship, staring at the paradise-like island before him. He found himself holding his breath.
Sunlight filtered through the towering, ancient trees, scattering dappled patches of light across the mossy ground. The air was filled with an exotic floral fragrance, sweet as honey yet tinged with a subtle freshness.
Behind him, the soldiers could barely contain their excitement. They set down their weapons and reached out to touch the hanging vines. Crystalline fruits hung like clusters of amethyst and shimmered in the sunlight with an enchanting radiance.
“Your Highness, look at that tree,” one of his guards exclaimed, pointing at a giant tree not far away. Its trunk was covered in spiral patterns that looked like natural stairways. Glowing mushrooms grew inside its hollow, which illuminated the surroundings like daylight.
Several winged squirrels leaped from the treetop, and their wings stirred up tiny glowing particles. When the specks landed on the soldiers’ armor, they instantly transformed into twinkling stars.
As Nathaniel carefully stepped down from the gangplank, the moss rustled softly beneath his feet. He bent down to pick up a palm-sized leaf with golden edges. The veins were so clear they looked almost carved.
Just as he was about to hand it to the general beside him, a sharp scream came from the back of the group.
“What happened?” Nathaniel asked, spinning around.
He saw a young soldier crouched before a flowering bush. Each blossom was as wide as a saucer, its layers of pink petals surrounding golden stamens. The flowers looked so vibrant.
The soldier reached out to pluck a bloom. His fingertips hovered just above the petal when it shuddered violently. The once delicate petals suddenly snapped open, revealing a dense set of white, razor-sharp teeth inside.
Before he could react, the flower lunged forward. Its teeth snapped shut with a crack, swallowing his head whole.
Blood spurted from his neck onto the pink petals, which the flower absorbed almost instantly. The petals became even more vibrant while the golden stamens were tinged with an eerie red glow.
“It’s a carnivorous plant,” another soldier screamed. Nathaniel’s eyes widened, and he instantly drew the sword at his waist. With a swing, he slices the cluster of demonic plants in half.
Dark green sap gushed onto the moss below, sizzling as it ate through the ground. The once vibrant green moss withered instantly and turned to ash.
But that was just the beginning of their nightmare. Countless white tendrils suddenly sprouted from the severed roots of the demonic plant. They coiled toward the nearest soldiers like venomous snakes,
At the same time, the surrounding trees shook violently. The hanging vines stiffened like steel, while the tips sprouted barbs and struck toward the group.
One soldier couldn’t dodge fast enough. A vine wrapped around his neck, squeezing until his eyes bulged and his tongue stuck out. His body was dragged into the forest, leaving only a trail of desperate cries behind.
“Stand guard! Everyone, stay alert!” Nathaniel shouted. His voice carried unprecedented menace. He swung his sword to cut through the attacking vines. But as soon as they snapped, new buds sprouted from the severed ends. The buds grew into full vines before his eyes, relentless and unyielding.
On the left side of their formation, a patch of grass suddenly sprang up. Dozens of ferns, about three feet tall, slowly stood upright. Their roots had turned into thick, sturdy legs, and the edges of their leaves sprouted razor-sharp teeth as they advanced toward the soldiers.
An experienced general swung his fist at one of the ferns. The moment his fist touched its leaves, the serrated edge tore several bone-deep gashes.
As the dark green sap seeped into his wounds, he let out a heart-wrenching scream. His arm swelled and blackened before his eyes, then turned into charred, purple-black flesh in seconds.
“Set them on fire!” Nathaniel commanded.
The soldiers frantically pulled out their firebrands. Before they could light them, the air around them thickened. Countless tiny holes split open in the century-old tree trunks, releasing pale green mist.
When the mist came in contact with the sparks from their firebrand, it exploded into blue flames that raced up the soldiers’ arms and engulfed them completely.
Screams rang out one after another. The isle that had once seemed like a sanctuary for immortals had turned into a living hell.
Nathaniel swung his sword relentlessly. Flashes of his blade wove a protective net through the dense forest, but it couldn’t stop the attacks coming from every direction.
He watched helplessly as a personal guard was impaled by a tree root that suddenly burst from underground. The root tendrils acted like greedy straws, frantically sucking the guard’s blood until the originally gray-brown roots gradually turned bright red.
“Fall back to the lake!” Nathaniel ordered, clearing a path with his sword. The surviving soldiers helped each other retreat toward the lake while stepping over their fallen comrades’ bodies. But after just a few steps, the moss underfoot became slippery.
Upon closer inspection, they realized the moss had transformed into countless tiny insects that wriggled and crawled up through gaps in their boots.
The soldiers who had been bitten collapsed immediately. They rolled on the ground and frantically clawed inside their boots before their bodies shriveled into lifeless husks.
###Chapter 2645
Nathaniel’s expression turned grim. He didn’t dare linger and quickly led his men to safer ground. Only after they’d gotten far away from that strange area did everyone finally breathe a sigh of relief.
It was a perfect example of how a single spark can start a wildfire. One soldier’s touch on a flower had triggered a violent chain reaction, and the consequences were terrifying.
Now Nathaniel and his men finally understood that this seemingly dazzling, beautiful landscape was actually full of deadly traps.
“Take a moment to rest, but stay alert,” he ordered, leaning on his sword as he gasped for breath.
Sweat seeped into the wound on his back, and the pain was so intense that he was on the verge of passing out. He signaled two of his personal guards to keep watch while he rested against a tree trunk.
In just a few minutes, he had lost over a dozen skilled soldiers. The weight of their deaths pressed heavily on him.
The medical team worked quickly to bandage the wounded. As soon as the medicinal powder was applied to the wounds scratched by the vines, white smoke hissed up, and the injured grimaced in pain.
A soldier suddenly pointed ahead and said, “Your Highness, look over there.”
Everyone followed his finger and saw a wisp of bluish-gray smoke rising from deep within the fog-shrouded valley. It rose steadily through the damp air.
The smoke didn’t swirl like ordinary household smoke. Instead, it moved with a quiet, measured rhythm, as if it had lingered there for centuries.
“Smoke?” Nathaniel asked, snapping upright and forgetting the pain from his wounds.
Since Elysium Isle was a sanctuary for immortals, finding one here made sense. That smoke had to be coming from one of their homes.
Nathaniel’s eyes lit up with joy. All their losses up to this point suddenly felt worthwhile.
“Everyone, fall in,” he commanded, drawing his sword and pointing toward where the smoke was rising. “Stay alert and follow me. We’ll pay our respects to the immortal.”
The soldiers gripped their weapons once more. Exhaustion melted away, replaced by excitement. After all, what did a few injuries matter if they could obtain the elixir of immortality?
As the group followed a winding stream forward, the plants around them grew calmer. The ferns that had been moving shrank back to the edges of the path, and the vines hung down like ordinary branches, as if afraid of something.
They passed through a thicket of bushes bearing purple fruits and suddenly reached a grove of tall, lush trees. The trunks stretched at least 30 feet high, each branch catching a faint golden light. The leaves brushed against one another, producing a soft, clear rustling.
At the far end of the grove, a gray-blue roof came into view. That was where the smoke had been rising from.
“Slow down,” Nathaniel said, motioning for the others to move quietly. He then straightened his blood-stained battle robe to maintain a respectful posture.
They followed a narrow path through the grove of tall, lush trees and soon came upon a yard enclosed by a wooden fence. Pale blue morning glories climbed the fence, and their petals were still dotted with dew.
There was a swing in the center of the yard with the ropes tied to two sturdy tree branches. A young child in a plain outfit sat on it, gently swaying back and forth.
The child looked no older than five, with hair tied into two small buns. His skin was fair, and his bare feet pressed against the swing’s footboard. Dark, glossy eyes stared at the sky while he hummed a tuneless nursery rhyme.
Several homespun clothes hung drying in the yard, and half a basket of freshly picked wild fruit sat in one corner. Everything seemed so ordinary, yet there was an indescribable sense of tranquility about it.
A spark of realization hit Nathaniel. Perhaps that child in this sanctuary might be the apprentice of an immortal. So, he stepped forward quietly and spoke gently with a respectful gesture.
“Greetings. I am Nathaniel Linsor. I’ve accidentally wandered onto this Elysium Isle. Pardon me, young sir, could you tell me if this is the abode of the immortals?”
The child kept swinging. His eyes fixed on the sky, and he seemed not to hear a word.
Nathaniel patiently asked again. He spoke with even greater deference. “If you know where the immortals are, please tell us. We would sincerely like to pay our respects and greet them.”
This time, the child finally reacted. He let out a snort, but was still staring at the drifting clouds above.
Leander Grimsby, the commander standing behind Nathaniel, could no longer hold back his anger. His left arm had been scalded by the carnivorous plant’s sap and was still throbbing painfully.
Seeing the child’s rudeness, he stepped forward and shouted, “How dare you ignore His Highness’ question?”
Before Nathaniel could stop him, Leander had already strode toward the swing. He grabbed the child by the back of his collar and yanked him up.
The child’s feet lifted off the ground, but his expression remained unreadable. Only his sharp dark eyes slowly turned toward Leander.
“You’re just a puny brat, and yet you dare show an attitude be-”
Before Leander could finish speaking, he suddenly let out an agonizing scream.
Everyone saw the child raise his small fist and deliver what looked like a light punch toward Leander’s chest.
Leander’s massive frame flew backward like a ragdoll, slamming hard into the wooden fence. The crisp sound of breaking ribs could be heard from a distance.
He curled up on the ground, with black blood spilling from the corner of his mouth. A section of his chest had caved in, and it didn’t look like he could survive.
The place fell into dead silence as all the soldiers stared in shock. No one had expected this seemingly harmless child to possess such terrifying strength.
The child returned to the swing. He kicked his feet lazily, as if the earlier chaos had never happened. He finally spoke, and his voice was clear, yet carried undeniable authority.
“Intruders, you’re disturbing my rest.”
###Chapter 2646
Leander was sent flying, and for a heartbeat, everyone in the yard stood in stunned silence. Weapons slipped from soldiers’ hands and clattered to the ground, and their eyes widened in terror. Many instinctively stepped back and bumped against the wooden fence, but no one dared look down.
Nathaniel’s sword gave a sharp, buzzing tremor. He tightened his grip on the hilt, holding it so hard that the red marks of his fingertips were left on the scabbard.
The child’s earlier punch had been nothing but a blur. The small, chubby fist seemed harmless, yet when it struck Leander’s chest, it landed like a meteor.
Nathaniel saw Leander’s black armor cave in. He heard the sharp crack of ribs breaking, the grinding of bone scraping against bone.
“Captain Grimsby…”
A guard trembled as he tried to step forward and help Leander, but he froze after only two steps.
Leander, curled up beneath the fence, choked as black blood bubbled from his throat. Each breath was more ragged than the last, and his sunken chest writhed as if something were crawling beneath the skin.
The most terrifying part was his eyes. They bulged as though ready to pop out from their sockets, but his eyes were still fixed on the child on the swing. Even in death, his pupils were frozen in fear.
The child pumped his legs as the swing rose to its peak. His short jacket lifted in the wind, showing his chubby arm with soft rolls.
He casually glanced at the corpse on the ground. The dark shine of his eyes reflected the morning glories on the wooden fence. Suddenly, he pointed at one half-opened bud and said, “That one’s about to wither.”
The remark sounded casual, but it hit everyone like a punch to the gut. Nathaniel broke out in a cold sweat. His battle robe clung to his wounds, and the wet fabric biting into him with sharp pain.
Only then did he realize he had made a terrible mistake. On this island where immortals and demons were indistinguishable, how could a child wandering so freely in the hidden yard be an ordinary kid?
That seemingly casual punch contained earth-shaking power. It was probably more terrifying than the Dreadkraken they’d encountered earlier.
“We didn’t mean to disturb you. Please forgive us,” he said, dropping to one knee. He was unable to hide the tremor in his voice. “We’re just ordinary people who wandered into this Elysium Isle by mistake. We mean no disrespect.”
The soldiers behind him snapped out of their daze and dropped to their knees. The armor clattered loudly and sharply in the stillness of the yard.
If Leander, one of their best fighters, couldn’t even withstand a single punch from this child, what kind of being were they dealing with on this island?
The swing rose higher, and the sturdy branches creaked softly. The child seemed oblivious to Nathaniel’s apology, or perhaps simply didn’t bother to respond.
He tilted his head back to watch the drifting clouds while humming that tuneless nursery rhyme again. Strange as it was, the sound carried a lulling cadence, and more than one soldier felt their eyelids grow heavy.
Nathaniel gritted his teeth and looked up.
“Young sir…” he began. He was about to say something when he saw the child suddenly raise his small hand and gaze casually toward the gate.
In an instant, a violent wind swept from deep within the grove. It carried countless leaves that sliced across their faces like sharp blades.
Nathaniel felt a tremendous force slam into his chest. He was thrown backward and collided with the soldiers behind him.
Screams rose one after another as everyone was swept away like dust before an invisible broom. They tumbled outside the fence.
Some crashed into the tree trunks, splitting their heads open instantly. Others tripped over vines and rolled down the slope into the underbrush.
Nathaniel landed on the outer edge. His forehead struck a blue stone, and his vision went black. He struggled to lift his head just in time to see the wooden gate creak shut.
The swing still swayed gently, but the child had disappeared into the shadows of the grove, as if he had never been there.
The gust of wind came and went in an instant, leaving a mess of mud and leaves scattered across the ground. The soldiers helped each other to their feet. Their armor was coated in dirt and debris.
Some groaned while clutching their broken ribs. Others glared at the closed fence through gritted teeth. Yet no one dared move forward because that wind carried a force more terrifying than a thousand charging troops.
“Your Highness, this-” one guard began. He pressed a hand to his bleeding forehead, but Nathaniel shot him a glare before he could finish.
Nathaniel used his sword to prop himself up, then got on his feet. As he wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, he gazed at the tranquil grove with complex emotions.
That child’s power was unfathomable, and it was clearly beyond their ability to challenge. Yet that only confirmed there were true masters hidden somewhere on this island.
The smoke, the swing, and even the nursery rhyme the child hummed seemed ordinary, yet it clearly felt like some kind of test.
“Don’t make a sound.” Nathaniel lowered his voice as his gaze swept over his soldiers. “From now on, we’ll camp outside this place. No one is to go within half a step of that fence.”
He paused, then looked at the curling smoke in the grove. A flicker of stubborn resolve crossed his eyes as he said, “We’ll wait here.”
###Chapter 2647
Nathaniel and his men waited for three days and three nights. The days and nights on Elysium Isle shifted at an unsettling speed. Blazing summer heat scorched them during the day, while snow fell from the sky at midnight.
The soldiers took turns keeping watch outside the yard. They watched the morning glories on the fence bloom and wither repeatedly. The baskets of wild fruit inside the yard emptied and filled again. However, they never saw the child again, nor did they find any sign of the immortals.
Some began whispering among themselves, claiming this was nothing but an empty island where the child was merely a spirit guardian. Others secretly threw stones into the grove, only to have them rebound off an invisible barrier, hitting their own heads and leaving bloody welts.
Nathaniel hadn’t spoken a word at all.
Every morning, he would straighten his battle robes and stand respectfully before the closed gate. Then, he would sit on a stone with his eyes closed, as if certain someone would eventually come out.
On the evening of the third day, the last rays of sunlight filtered through the trees and dappled the ground. Then came the crunch of footsteps from deep within the grove.
Every soldier tensed up, hands tightening on their weapons.
An elderly man in plain gray robes slowly stepped forward. He was leaning on a wooden staff with a simple cloud pattern carved into its tip. His white hair and beard contrasted with a surprisingly rosy, youthful face.
His eyes crinkled slightly, and a faint smile played at his lips as he walked along the leaf-strewn path without making a sound.
The most unusual thing was the energy waves around him. Even though he stood right before them, he seemed almost unreal, as if he could dissolve into mist at any moment.
“Oh? How rare to see new faces on the island. What brings you here?” he asked.
His voice was calm, yet carried unmistakable authority.
Nathaniel’s eyes lit up as he jumped to his feet. After straightening his wrinkled battle robe, he hurried forward and showed even more reverence than he had toward the child.
“I’m Nathaniel Linsor and have led my troops to this Elysium Isle. Sir, I humbly ask you to grant me the elixir of immortality to heal the elder in my family, ” he said.
He stressed the words “elixir of immortality” while staring intently at the elderly man, afraid of missing even the faintest expression.
Upon hearing that, the elderly man burst out laughing. The wrinkles around his eyes deepened.
“Elixir of immortality?” he asked.
He tapped his wooden staff against the ground, and several withered yellow leaves instantly sprouted into green shoots.
“People speak of Elysium Isle as a sanctuary of immortals, and they possess the elixir of immortality. Few realize that this so-called sanctuary is, in truth, a place where life and death cycle endlessly, “he explained.
Nathaniel’s heart sank after hearing that.
“Sir, what do you mean? I’ve read in ancient manuscripts that this island had the elixir of immortality,” he stated. The elderly man raised his hand to interrupt him, “What’s written in the ancjent manuscripts isn’t always true.”
A sudden sharpness glinted in his eyes as he continued, “There have never been immortals on this island, nor any elixir of immortality. I’m afraid your hopes are in vain.”
“Impossible!” Nathaniel blurted, then immediately realized his rudeness and quickly apologized.
“Please forgive my outburst. It’s just that my beloved family member was gravely ill, and only the elixir can save him. Sir, please show us the way.”
He sank to his knees with a thud and added earnestly, “I will risk my life if it means finding a cure.”
Upon seeing that, the soldiers behind him also dropped to their knees and pleaded together. The elderly man looked at the kneeling group in silence for a moment, then let out a sigh.
“While there’s no so-called elixir of immortality on the island, there is a Greenheart Valley. Some are spiritual herbs that can prolong life and may help you,” he said.
“That’s great!” Nathaniel’s eyes lit up. Where is this Greenheart Valley that you mentioned earlier? Could you point us in the right direction?” 11
“It is located at the heart of the island,” the elderly man replied, raising a finger toward the distance.
“However, I must warn you that the valley contains not only carnivorous vines but also strange beasts that guard the spiritual herbs. Throughout history, no one has ever returned from the valley. You’d better think this through carefully.”
“Thank you for the warning. No matter what dangers await, we will not give up,” Nathaniel replied solemnly.
After enduring such hardships to finally reach Elysium Isle, how could they possibly abandon their mission now?
The elderly man shook his head and gestured his wooden staff toward the mist-shrouded peaks deep within the island.
“If you have made up your mind, follow that stream. But remember-do not be greedy. Coming out alive would already be a blessing,” he reminded them.
With that, he turned and walked back into the grove. His figure gradually disappeared behind the gray-green buildings as if he had never been there at all.
Nathaniel wasted no time. After receiving the direction, he immediately led his remaining soldiers straight toward the heart of the island.
###Chapter 2648
Storm clouds still hung heavy over the Surgebreaker’s sails when shards of ice rode the waves and struck the hull with a sharp crunch.
Matthias held onto the rail, chilled by the sea wind, and stared ahead. The outline of an island had suddenly appeared on the horizon, and joy flickered in his eyes.
After they had survived the Brineclaw’s attack and struggled through the mist-shrouded depths, they had finally found Elysium Isle. But as their ship drew closer to shore, everyone was shocked.
The island before them was nothing like the ancient manuscripts had described, with their promises of endless spring and white blossoms that never withered.
Instead, it lay buried beneath a heavy sheet of ice. The land and sky blurred together in a single field of white. Even the wind carried a biting chill that stung like blades against the skin.
Jagged rocks along the shore had turned into dark, bluish-black ice spires. Each wave that crashed against them froze solid on impact, leaving behind frost blossoms that hardened in place. Layer by layer, they built up until the shoreline stretched into a snowy plain without end.
Standing beside Matthias, the elderly helmsman asked, “Your Highness, this… Is this really Elysium Isle?”
He pulled his thin cotton coat tighter as his teeth chattered from the cold. “It’s ten times colder than our worst northern winters.”
Matthias frowned at that. On his black battle robe, a layer of frost had formed. He pulled his collar higher to cover half his face.
“The chart is definitely pointing here. This is the place, but I don’t know why it looks like this,” he replied.
He turned to the soldiers behind him. Ice crusted their armor, and every breath formed white clouds in the air. Many of them rubbed their reddened hands together for warmth.
“Send word to the men. Find a sheltered spot to set up camp and build a fire,” he ordered.
His voice cut through the gale with unquestionable authority.
The soldiers wasted no time. They leaped from the ship and trudged through deep snow that reached up to their knees. Each step was a struggle, and the soles of their boots scraped against ice with sharp crunches. One slip threatened to send them tumbling.
They carried tent poles and bundles of firewood to a hollow at the island’s edge-a spot backed by a sheer ice wall that offered some shelter from the wind.
Setting up the tents was grueling work since the ropes had frozen stiff and wouldn’t tie. The soldiers had to breathe on them to thaw the ice, and the ropes left red welts on their hands that froze over almost immediately.
Neville, wrapped in a heavy cloak, leaned on his sword shaft with his one arm while giving orders. The wound across his back hadn’t healed, and every gust made him break out in cold sweat. Still, he gritted his teeth and pushed through.
“Quick! Get me some tinder,” one soldier shouted, clutching an armful of dry wood.
But the howling wind killed every spark before it could catch. He tried several pieces, watching them flare weakly and die out instantly.
Seeing that, Matthias reached into his coat and pulled out a fire crystal. He channeled his true energy into it, and the crystal burst into bright orange flame.
He held it against the dry wood, and fire spread rapidly through the pile. The sharp crackling echoed clearly across the silent, snowy plain.
The soldiers huddled close, stretching their numb fingers toward the flames. Finally, some warmth reached their faces.
Just then, one soldier pointed toward the distant ice field and exclaimed, “Your Highness, look over there!” 1
All eyes turned to see a white shape moving slowly across the plain. It was a spiritual stag, pure white from head to hoof, with antlers that glimmered as if carved from ice. Each step left behind delicate snowflakes that vanished as quickly as they appeared.
The creature’s eyes were like pale blue gemstones, gleaming softly in the snowy landscape. Its movements were so graceful that it seemed like a spirit of snow and ice itself.
“An omen! This must be a sign from Elysium Isle,” Matthias exclaimed, his eyes blazing with excitement.
He leaped to his feet, drew his sword, and said, “We have to capture it. If I can present this to Father, it’ll prove I’ve found the island.”
The soldiers stirred with excitement, drawing their weapons and surrounding the spiritual stag from all directions.
The creature seemed to sense danger. It stopped and turned its head, looking at the approaching crowd with pale blue eyes that showed no fear.
“Don’t hurt it. Capture it alive,” Matthias shouted as he charged forward. The ice cracked sharply beneath his boots as he channeled his inner energy to form a barrier around the stag.
But just as the men approached, the stag lifted its head and opened its mouth, releasing a blast of icy white mist.
The mist spread instantly, rolling over the soldiers like a tidal wave. The men at the front had no time to react and were directly enveloped by the mist, their bodies frozen solid.
Startled, Matthias quickly retreated, but couldn’t escape the white mist as it touched his arm. Bone-chilling cold spread through his entire body instantly, and his arm went numb.
He looked down and saw that the soldiers covered by the white mist had turned into lifelike ice sculptures. Their expressions were still frozen in their charging poses. Even their bodies were wrapped in thick ice, and every strand of hair was visible.
“What… What kind of monster is this?”
one soldier screamed in terror, dropping his weapon with a clatter. Everyone was terrified by the scene before them and backed away. They no longer dared to approach the spiritual stag.
Matthias stared at the frozen figures, and his back was instantly drenched in cold sweat. All the elation he’d felt moments before vanished as he finally realized this seemingly gentle creature possessed such terrifying power.
The spiritual stag glanced at the terrified crowd, then turned and walked slowly toward the depths of the snowy plain. It left behind a trail of hoof prints made of snowflakes before disappearing into the vast expanse.
###Chapter 2649
The ice sculptures gleamed in the biting wind. The soldiers frozen inside had twisted, agonized faces, as if still telling the story of their pain before being trapped in ice.
Matthias stared at them, and his Adam’s apple bobbed as he suppressed the tremor in his chest. He rubbed his arm, which was still stiff where the white mist had touched him. The skin there showed a faint purple discoloration, and the cold seemed to have seeped deep into his bones.
“Your Highness, the freezing breath from that spiritual stag is incredibly lethal,” Neville said, leaning on his sword.
The wound on his lone arm split open again due to the cold. Blood seeped through the bandages and left bright red spots on the snow. He looked in the direction where the spiritual stag had disappeared, and his eyes were filled with apprehension.
“We should focus on defending our camp and stop provoking the creatures on this island,” he said.
Matthias nodded in silence. The loss of several of his elite soldiers from his earlier rash action served as a bitter lesson.
He turned to the soldiers huddled around the fire. Many still shook with fear.
“Pull yourselves together,” he said, raising his voice to reassure them.
“It’s just a beast with a freezing breath.
Stay on guard, and we’ll get through this. Spread the word-two men on watch at a time, the rest get some rest. At dawn, we explore the heart of the island.”
As night deepened, faint cracking sounds came from beneath the ice, as if something was moving underneath. The soldiers on watch pulled their coats tighter, and their hands holding their weapons were trembling slightly from the cold.
Suddenly, a weak blue light flashed across the distant ice field. More blue lights began appearing in the snow, like countless eyes slowly approaching the camp.
“Something’s coming!” one soldier shouted, raising his torch toward the blue lights.
In the firelight, a pack of snow-white foxes raced across the snowy plain. Their eyes glowed with pale blue light, and they carried ice crystal fragments in their mouths. With every step, the snow beneath them froze into thin sheets of ice.
“It’s snow foxes,” another soldier called out. “Legend has it that snow foxes feed on ice and are extremely aggressive.”
Before he finished speaking, the leading fox leaped forward and hurled the ice crystal fragments from its mouth toward the soldiers.
The fragments gleamed coldly in the air like sharp daggers. One grazed a soldier’s cheek, leaving a bloody gash on his face.
Matthias jolted awake and stormed out of his tent. He drew his sword and shouted, ” Open fire!”
The soldiers quickly grabbed their guns and fired toward the foxes. Gunfire echoed across the snowy plain as bullets struck the ice around the foxes, sending up sprays of ice chips.
But the snow foxes were incredibly fast, dodging bullets with agility and quickly reaching the edge of the camp.
One fox pounced on a soldier, and its sharp claws tore through his coat. When the icy claws touched his skin, the soldier screamed as frostbite formed in blue-purple patches along his arm.
Seeing that, Neville swung his blade with his lone arm. With a flash, he cleaved the fox in half. But more snow foxes swarmed forward, and the camp was instantly thrown into chaos.
Matthias swung his sword, and the sword aura cut down the snow foxes one by one. Still, their numbers only grew. He noticed the foxes never took their eyes off the fire at the center of the camp as if some natural fear held them back.
“Everyone, gather around the fire. Use torches to drive them off,” he shouted.
The soldiers grabbed torches and formed a circle with the fire at the center. When the snow foxes saw the flames, they stopped attacking and prowled outside the perimeter while letting out low growls.
Just then, a tremendous crash echoed from the distant ice cliffs. A massive shard of ice broke loose and hurtled toward the camp.
“Take cover!” Matthias shouted, grabbing a nearby soldier to the ground.
###Chapter 2650
A massive shard of ice slammed down beside the camp, shattering on impact. Flying splinters shot out like thrown daggers, cutting several soldiers and staining the snow crimson.
Startled by the sudden chaos, the snow foxes retreated and disappeared into the depths of the snowy plain, and disappeared into the night.
Rising to his feet, Matthias surveyed the wreckage around him with a heavy sense of dread pressing down on him.
They had not only lost many soldiers that night, but the camp was also severely damaged. Their already scarce supplies were now in an even more desperate state.
The next morning, the sky remained overcast, and the wind howled bitterly. The soldiers began clearing the camp, repairing tents, and treating their wounded comrades.
Matthias led several elite soldiers to climb a nearby hill to get a better look at the island. Standing on the hilltop, he could see that the entire place was blanketed in thick ice and snow. Mountains in the distance were shrouded in mist, and strange ice formations rose like frozen castles carved from snow and frost.
“Your Highness, look over there,” one soldier said, pointing toward a frozen lake below. “Something on the lake surface seems to be glowing.”
Matthias followed his gaze and saw a huge ice crystal in the center of the lake. The crystal appeared to contain something inside and was giving off a faint blue glow.
“Let’s check it out,” he said, leading his men carefully down the hill toward the lake.
The lake surface was covered with thick ice that made crunching sounds under their feet. The group approached the ice crystal and examined it closely.
It stood taller than a man, crystal clear, and contained a strange plant inside. The plant’s leaves were pale blue, and the petals, as translucent as ice, were slowly unfurling
“Could this be… the Frostbloom?” Neville exclaimed in surprise.
“According to ancient manuscripts, this flower grows in extremely cold places and can neutralize all poisons while enhancing internal energy. They’re incredibly precious herbs.”
A flash of excitement crossed Matthias’ eyes. If they could obtain this Frostbloom, the journey wouldn’t have been in vain.
“Find a way to break the ice and get the flower!” he ordered
The soldiers drew their weapons and tried to smash the crystal, but it was unnaturally hard. Their weapons only left shallow marks when they struck it.
Just then, the frozen lake trembled, and cracks started appearing on the surface.
“Move! Get out of here,” Matthias shouted.
Everyone sprinted for the shore, but it was too late. The ice shattered, and huge chunks sank into the lake. A powerful suction force from the lake bottom dragged several soldiers near the shore into the water.
Matthias looked back. From the depths, a massive shadow rose.
A colossal Shardturtle slowly emerged from the lake. Its shell was covered with thick layers of ice like a small iceberg, and its eyes glowed with cold red light as it stared fixedly at the people on shore.
###Chapter 2651
When the Shardturtle’s massive body surfaced, the sound of cracking ice exploded across the snowy plain like thunder. Murky lake water mixed with ice chunks erupted from below and froze into a steep ice slope along the shore.
The ice covering its shell gave off a cold, blue-gray glow, with each raised plate looking like carefully carved ice rock. Its edges were sharp enough to slice through the air.
Two crimson eyes swiveled around, scanning the panicked crowd on shore. When that gaze settled on Matthias, it held an almost human intelligence as it studied him with cold scrutiny.
“Fall back!” Neville roared, grabbing Matthias with his lone arm and dragging him backward. Having just survived the fight with the Brineclaw, Neville knew exactly how terrifying these deep-sea creatures could be.
The Shardturtle before him was wider than the Surgebreaker’s deck, with ice spikes hanging from its shell edges that were over ten feet long. It was clearly no ordinary beast.
The soldiers panicked. Some turned and ran toward camp, but slipped on the ice and went tumbling down.
The Shardturtle slowly raised its head, revealing a neck covered in layered scales tipped with razor-sharp ice spikes. Then, it opened its mouth and unleashed a freezing breath, far colder than the spiritual stag’s.
The air along the lakeshore froze instantly, and two soldiers trailing at the back never got a chance to scream. The blast engulfed them, freezing them into solid statues even thicker than before. They fell onto the ice, shattering into countless shards of ice.
“Use fire!” Matthias ordered, breaking free from Neville’s grip and drawing his sword at the creature.
He remembered the elderly helmsman saying that creatures of extreme cold often feared flames. The kerosene and explosives back at camp might be their only hope.
The soldiers snapped out of their daze and pulled out their fire starters, but the howling wind kept blowing them out as soon as they lit them. Only a few men in sheltered spots managed to light the torches.
The Shardturtle seemed enraged by the flames. Its massive body lunged forward, crushing the ice along the shore and leaving a huge crater.
It swung its forelimbs, and sharp claws slashed at the crowd. Three soldiers who couldn’t dodge in time got swept up and flew through the air like ragdolls, slamming into the ice cliff. Blood ran down the ice wall and quickly froze into dark red streaks.
“Throw the kerosene!” Neville yelled, yanking an oil pouch from his belt, and hurled it at the Shardturtle.
The pouch burst on impact, amber-colored oil seeping into the cracks of its icy shell.
Matthias seized the moment and snapped his fingers to spark a flame. Instantly, fire roared across the Shardturtle’s back and turned it into a blazing inferno.
The Shardturtle let out a deafening roar full of pain. It thrashed wildly, trying to put out the flames on its back while smashing the lake ice to pieces and sending up massive waves.
But the flames only burned for a moment before the cold emanating from the Shardturtle’s shell gradually smothered them. Lake water kept seeping up from below the ice, freezing into new layers on the shell and slowly extinguishing the fire.
Matthias’ heart sank at the sight. The creature had incredible defense and could generate its own freezing air to put out flames, rendering ordinary flames useless against it.
“Your Highness, its neck!” Neville shouted, pointing at the Shardturtle’s throat.
Matthias followed his finger and saw that where the creature’s neck met its shell, one scale seemed lighter than the rest. That spot had no ice covering and showed pale pink flesh underneath.
“That’s its weak spot,” he exclaimed hopefully.
He turned to the soldiers behind him and asked, “Who’s willing to charge with me?”
“I am!” several elite soldiers cried in unison, gripping their spears tightly. Fear mixed with deadly resolve shone in their eyes.
Matthias nodded, pulling out the last explosive pack. He lit the fuse and hurled it toward the Shardturtle.
The explosive detonated in front of the creature, and the blast forced it back several steps. The scales on its neck trembled slightly, exposing more of the pale pink flesh.
“Now’s our chance!” he shouted, charging toward the Shardturtle. His true energy coursed beneath his feet, leaving two streaks across the ice as he dodged the creature’s swinging claws.
Neville and several soldiers followed closely behind and aimed their spears at the weak spot on the creature’s neck.
The Shardturtle sensed danger and jerked its head up, trying to ram them with its neck.
But Matthias was prepared. He leaped into the air and channeled true energy into his sword until the blade shimmered with a faint golden light, then brought it down on the creature’s weak spot.
With a sharp crack, the sword struck the scale and sent countless sparks flying. The scale split open, and pale green blood flowed from the wound. When it hit the ice, it instantly froze into green crystals.
“It worked!” Matthias exclaimed excitedly. Just as he was about to attack again, the Shardturtle suddenly opened its mouth and blasted him with a freezing breath.
He couldn’t dodge in time and could only hold his sword in front of him. The true energy barrier froze instantly, his sword got covered in thick ice, and his arm went numb from frostbite.
Seeing that, Neville rushed forward and knocked Matthias aside with his body. Then, he swung his long sword at the creature’s wound.
The blade sank deep into the wound. The Shardturtle let out a piercing roar and whipped its neck violently, flinging him away.
Neville crashed hard onto the ice. He coughed up blood as the wound on his back tore open again, staining his cloak red.
The soldiers seized the chance to attack and drove their spears into the Shardturtle’s wound. But the creature was incredibly resilient. It thrashed wildly and sent the soldiers flying one by one. Soon, the lake surface was littered with scattered weapons and soldiers’ bodies.
Matthias struggled to his feet and looked at the carnage around him in despair. They’d paid such a heavy price but still hadn’t managed to wound the Shardturtle seriously. Just then, clear hoofbeats echoed from the distant snowy plain.
He looked up and saw the pure white spiritual stag from before running toward them. It stepped lightly across the snow, leaving snowflake prints with each step. Its pale blue eyes watched the Shardturtle warily.
When the Shardturtle saw the spiritual stag, fear flickered in its crimson eyes. It stopped attacking and slowly retreated, clearly intimidated by it.
###Chapter 2652
Paying no heed to the Shardturtle, the spiritual stag paced toward Matthias until it stood before him. It then turned, regarded him with eyes of pale blue, and shook its head as if beckoning him to follow.
Astonishment and suspicion flashed through his eyes as he murmured, “Is this spiritual stag… actually trying to save me?”
The thought seemed absurd, but with the Shardturtle eyeing them like a predator, Matthias had no choice. He could only lead the group toward the stag’s direction.
The Shardturtle watched their retreating figures. After a brief hesitation, it finally turned and sank into the murky water, disappearing from sight.
The spiritual stag led Matthias, Neville, and the others on a halting trek across the vast snowy plain until they finally arrived at the entrance of a hidden cave.
The opening was sealed by a thick layer of ice. The stag exhaled a breath of white mist onto the ice, which instantly melted away, revealing the cave’s mouth.
Inside, the air was warm like spring. It was a stark contrast to the frozen wasteland outside. The cavern glowed under the light of numerous luminous mineral stones embedded in the walls.
The stag advanced further into the cave and came to a halt before a massive ice crystal. Encased within was a Frostbloom, similar to the one they had seen at the bottom of the lake. But this one was far more vibrant, and its petals shimmered with a faint golden glow.
It turned its head to look at Matthias, as if gesturing to him to retrieve the flower.
Confusion swirled in his mind. This very same creature had been hostile to them before, but why was it helping them now?
But there was no time to dwell on it. He stepped forward and carefully retrieved the Frostbloom from the ice crystal.
The flower was cool to the touch, yet it carried a warmth that instantly spread throughout his body. Even the frostbite on his arm began to heal.
“I am grateful for your help, spirit of the forest,” Matthias said, with a hand over his heart as he regarded the spiritual stag.
The stag gave him a final glance before turning and walking out of the cave. It disappeared into the vast snowy plain as if it had never been there at all.
Matthias looked at the Frostbloom in his hand and finally allowed himself a sigh of relief. After all their hardships, they had finally secured one precious herb. But he wondered, where could the legendary elixir of immortality be now?
He carefully placed the flower into a lined brocade box he carried close to his body. The silk lining immediately took on a soft blue glow, as if the fabric itself had absorbed some of the plant’s spiritual energy.
Leaning against the cave wall, Neville watched the scene unfold. A trace of color returned to his pale face.
His remaining hand pressed against the wound on his chest as he said in a low voice, “Your Highness, the spiritual energy of this Frostbloom is even more potent than what the ancient manuscripts described. If we can bring it back to Oakvale, it will surely cure the King’s chronic illness.”
Matthias nodded, and his gaze swept across the interior of the cave. The walls were studded with glowing mineral stones every few steps. Their light pooled and spread, illuminating the deep cave like daylight.
The ground was carpeted with a layer of soft moss that felt surprisingly warm underfoot. It was like another world compared to the frozen wasteland outside.
He took a few steps forward and noticed the faint sound of trickling water coming from deep within the cave. As he followed the sound, he found a hot spring bubbling up from a crevice in the rock. The steam rose in wisps and condensed into tiny droplets in the air.
“It’s a hot spring!” Neville exclaimed, stepping forward.
He reached out to test the water temperature. “This is perfect for cleaning wounds and will help relieve the soldier’s frostbite.”
The discovery sparked an idea in Matthias.
He decided to move their temporary camp into the cave. With behemoths like the Shardturtle and other unknown snow beasts prowling outside, the cave offered both shelter from the cold and protection from danger, making it the perfect refuge.
They went outside to gather the surviving soldiers. After the battle with the Shardturtle, their ranks had been reduced from more than 50 to a little over 30 men. Most of them were wounded, and traces of unmelted ice still clung to their armor.
When the men heard about the warm cave and its healing hot spring, a renewed sense of hope flickered in their eyes. As they supported each other, they followed Matthias into the cave.
No sooner had they entered than a soldier suddenly cried out, pointing at the wall. ” Your Highness, look at these murals.”
Everyone turned. Carved onto the cave walls was a series of blurred murals. Though worn by time, their outlines were still discernible.
Some depicted figures in feathered robes standing amongst clouds, while others showed massive mythical beasts racing across snowy plains.
On the deepest part of the wall, one mural depicted the very same spiritual stag they had encountered earlier. Snowflakes at its hooves transformed into vines that coiled around a blooming Frostbloom.
“These murals may be records left by those who came before us,” Matthias murmured.
As he lightly traced the carvings on the cold stone, he added, “It seems the Frostbloom and the spiritual stag have existed on Elysium Isle for a very long time.
He was still pondering the meaning of the murals when hurried footsteps echoed from outside the cave entrance.
A soldier guarding the cave entrance suddenly rushed in, panic written across his face. “Your Highness! Bad news. Another group is heading straight for the cave.”
Matthias’s expression hardened. He immediately drew his sword and asked, ” Who are they?”
“I cannot say for certain, Your Highness,” the soldier replied. “But they are tall, Yarmed with sharp weapons, and they do not come in peace.”
“Prepare for battle!” Matthias commanded. He quickly rallied his men into ambush positions, ready to receive these uninvited guests.
###Chapter 2653
Matthias’s knuckles turned white as his grip tightened on the sword hilt. The footsteps outside the cave grew closer, accompanied by heavy panting and the sharp crunch of ice. It was as if a herd of giant beasts were grinding their way across the snowy plains.
Matthias signaled his soldiers to douse the torches. In the sudden darkness, the faint blue glow of the cave’s mineral stones stretched the shadows of the 30-odd men into elongated silhouettes across the damp moss.
Heavy, labored breaths echoed from the shadows, then several towering figures emerged. Each was at least twice as broad as an ordinary man. Their bodies were covered in long, grayish-white fur, like yarn spun from polar ice.
They carried spears tipped with jagged ice crystals that gleamed in the faint light from the cave entrance, casting shifting, cold reflections across the stone walls.
The burly yeti in the lead wore a string of ice beads around its neck. Each bead contained a tiny frozen animal bone that tinkled with every movement.
It let out a howl and pounded its chest, sending the string of ice beads around its neck clattering violently.
Behind, the other yetis raised their spears. Their throats rumbled with low, threatening growls that echoed like an angry wind scouring the snowy plain.
Matthias frowned. The clothing and weapons of these yetis radiated a primal ferocity. Clearly, they were no ordinary foes.
Suddenly, the yeti leader pointed at the spiritual stag mural on the cave wall, then at the brocade box at Matthias’ waist.
Afterward, it uttered a string of guttural sounds. Through the thick fur on its face, a pair of amber eyes locked onto the box as if it had just discovered a stolen treasure.
“Protect His Highness!” one soldier shouted. He stepped forward and leveled his spear at the yeti leader’s throat.
With a roar, the yeti leader sidestepped the spear tip. It swung the glacial spear in its hands in a wide arc, and the gust of freezing wind it generated stung the soldier’s cheeks.
Matthias drew his sword. The moment his golden aura clashed with the glacial spear, a sharp, clear shout rang out from outside the cave.
“Hold your weapon!”
All eyes turned toward the entrance. A middle-aged man appeared, dressed in animal skin with an ancient-looking iron sword hanging at his waist. His beard and hair were white, but his face had a healthy glow.
He stood tall and firm like a pine, though he seemed small among the hulking yetis. His presence made the restless yetis lower their weapons, and their amber eyes filled with reverence.
“Who are you?” Matthias asked, sheathing his sword. A faint numbness still tingled in his fingertips from the recent surge of true energy.
The middle-aged man offered a formal salute. His voice was raspy from years of living in the cold, yet his words were distinct and clear.
“I am Leopold Murray. Ten years ago, I attended the martial arts forum at the Oakvale Royal Academy, where I had the honor of seeing Your Highness.”
Matthias was taken aback. He had heard of Leopold, who had once dominated the northern martial world with his “Aeolian Edge Technique” before suddenly disappearing at the peak of his fame. He never expected to find Leopold here on Elysium Isle.
“Mr. Murray, what brings you to this place?
“he asked.
“It’s a long story,” Leopold replied.
He turned to the yeti leader and conversed briefly in the same guttural sound. The yeti’s anger gradually subsided as its curiosity replaced the fury in its amber eyes.
He turned to Matthias and explained, ”
This yeti is called Barto. He’s the chief of the Frostwarden Tribe. When they saw you in possession of the Frostbloom and standing before the mural of the spiritual stag, they assumed you had harmed it.”
Neville’s eyes widened in sudden realization. “No wonder they were roaring at the brocade box. It turns out they mistook the Frostbloom for a token taken from the spiritual stag.”
Leopold nodded with a smile. “The spiritual stag is their tribal guide. For generations, they have followed its trail and believe its movements guide the flow of life on Elysium Isle. Barto said they saw the stag lead you into this cave. That’s why they pursued you.”
“We didn’t harm the spiritual stag. In fact, it saved us,” Matthias explained. Leopold relayed his words to Barto.
Then, Barto’s gaze toward Matthias noticeably changed. He thumped his left fist over his chest and dipped his head in a gesture of respect.
Matthias was momentarily taken aback. He glanced at Leopold, silently questioning him.
With a smile, Leopold explained, “The Frostwarden Tribe reveres the spiritual stag as their spiritual guide. Those whom the stag treats kindly are considered friends, so Barto now regards you as a friend.”
“I see,” Matthias replied, relieved. He returned the gesture with a respectful nod. He could tell these elite tribesmen were far from ordinary. At least, each possessed the skill of a grandmaster.
Their leader, Barto, was even more fearsome, likely an ultimate grandmaster. Just by standing there, he exuded an overwhelming sense of pressure.
Fortunately, it had all been a misunderstanding. If a fight had broken out, Matthias and his men wouldn’t have stood a chance.
Just then, Barto spoke again. Leopold promptly translated what he had just said.
“Your Highness, Chief Barto is inviting you to visit their tribe as a guest.”
“A guest?” Matthias hesitated briefly before finally nodding. “Chief Barto is very generous. I would be honored to accept your invitation.”
After Leopold translated, the yetis burst into cheers. They promptly sheathed their spears and began carefully lifting the wounded soldiers onto makeshift stretchers woven from vines. Barto personally led the way for Matthias.
His large frame stooped slightly to pass through the narrow cave entrance. Pieces of ice shook loose from his heavy fur and gathered in small, glistening piles on the ground.
As they exited the cave, Matthias saw that over 100 yetis had gathered outside, standing in formation in the snow. Their ice-tipped spears angled toward the sky in unison, like a grove of frozen trees. When they saw Barto emerge with the guests, the yetis saluted in unison.
“The tribe’s territory has geothermal hot springs. It was warmer than the ones in the cave,” Leopold said quietly as he walked beside Matthias. “They hold many secrets about Elysium Isle. Perhaps they can help you.”
A thoughtful glint passed through Matthias’s eyes, but he remained silent. It seemed their encounter with the Frostwarden Tribe had turned misfortune into a blessing.
###Chapter 2654
The cluster of igloos sprawled across the valley like a white honeycomb. Smoke from chimneys curled upward under the heavy gray sky.
Matthias followed Barto into the Frostwarden Tribe’s settlement. Guided by their host, the group navigated the bustling streets. The ice beneath their feet, polished to a mirror-like sheen by countless footsteps, reflected the gyrfalcon circling overhead.
Yetis on either side of their path paused to salute, while children pressed against icy windows to peer out curiously. Their necks were adorned with unique necklaces of animal bone. Some were inlaid with turquoise, others wrapped in dark red resin.
“This is Frostfang Valley,” Leopold said in a low voice. “The tribe has 8,300 yetis, divided into 12 hunting parties.”
He pointed toward a massive ice carving on a distant cliff. It was a three-eyed sculpture with glowing ice crystals embedded in its eye sockets.
He continued, “The highest point is the crystalline citadel, their ritual site. The chieftain lives near the reindeer pens to the east.”
Matthias noticed a hidden pattern in the arrangement of the igloos. They radiated outward from the three-eyed ice sculpture in a precise circular pattern. The structures grew progressively larger and more imposing toward the center. Even their walls were carved with intricate spiral motifs.
Barto led them into the largest igloo. Inside, a wall of fireplaces surprisingly held the bitter cold at bay.
A dozen yetis cloaked in feathered garments bustled around a large bronze cauldron. The rich, bubbling broth inside the cauldron released a hearty aroma-a deep, earthy fusion of resinous pine and the robust essence of slow-simmered bones.
“Please sit,” Barto said, motioning to a stone stool draped with deer hides. He personally ladled a bowl of steaming broth and handed it to Matthias.
Strange red berries bobbed in the broth, giving it an oddly sweet flavor. As the warm liquid slid down Matthias’ throat, it chased away the chill that had seeped deep into his bones.
Just then, the entrance flap was drawn aside, and an elderly man draped in a white bear pelt entered. His long hair had faded to the colour of snow, and though his eyes were sunken, their gaze remained sharp and penetrating. At his waist hung a string of ritual s, meticulously crafted from human finger bones.
Barto immediately stood and saluted, followed by every yeti inside the igloo.
“That’s the Chieftain Monk, Korvak,” Leopold introduced him to Matthias in a low voice. “He’s the tribe’s second-in-command. The true, unchallenged authority is the High Seer of the crystalline citadel.”
Korvak fixed his clouded eyes on Matthias and uttered a short, guttural sound.
Leopold translated them to Matthias. “The Chieftain Monk asks if the Frostbloom given to you by the spiritual stag has been stored properly.”
Matthias instinctively touched the brocade box at his waist. “I’ve already kept it safe. I will never forget the life-saving grace of this flower,” he responded.
Korvak nodded, signaling Barto to continue hosting before taking a bowl of broth and retreating into an inner chamber.
Matthias watched his retreating figure. He noticed the three-eyed emblem identical to the ice sculpture embroidered on the hem of Korvak’s feathered cloak, and committed the symbol to memory.
Midway through the feast, he took the chance during a toast to casually ask, “I’ve heard there is an elixir of immortality on Elysium Isle. Mr. Murray, I wonder if you have ever seen it?”
“The elixir is merely a legend. Surely Your Highness doesn’t believe such tales, right? “Leopold replied. His tone was cryptic, and his smile was unreadable.
Matthias could tell he was hiding something, so he pressed on, “If you could assist me in obtaining the elixir, I would ensure you are handsomely rewarded.”
A faint glimmer flickered in Leopold’s eyes. He glanced left and right, noting that Barto and the others were deeply engrossed in their drinks and not paying attention to him.
He lowered his voice and said, “To be frank, I do know a thing or two about the elixir. But before that, I must ask Your Highness to help me escape my current predicament.”
“Escape? What do you mean?” Matthias was puzzled.
“I am being held under house arrest by the tribe’s High Seer. While I may move freely within the tribe’s boundaries, I cannot leave alone,” Leopold said, his expression turning grave.
He had tried to escape once before. For that, he had been beaten half to death and spent three full months confined to his bed. Since then, he hadn’t dared make another reckless move and was forced to bide his time in secrecy.
But now, seeing Matthias and his group venture into this frozen realm, he saw a renewed glimmer of hope for escape.
“If I help you escape this tribe, will you tell me the whereabouts of the elixir?” Matthias asked, narrowing his eyes slightly.
“That’s right.” Leopold nodded. “Once we escape this tribe, I will immediately divulge all the secrets I know about the elixir.”
After ten years trapped on this island, he was teetering on the brink of madness. Compared to his longing for freedom, the allure of the elixir of immortality had long since faded.
“Okay. It’s a deal,” Matthias replied with a smile.
It was like searching the world over with no success, only for the answer to fall effortlessly into his lap. He had feared the quest for the elixir of immortality would stretch on for years, yet a clue had emerged so suddenly. He felt blessed by chance.
“If we’re going to escape, tonight’s our best chance,” Leopold said in a hushed tone.
“The hunting party brought back the largest polar bear of the year. The High Seer will personally perform the ritual dance to summon spirits.
“The guards at the crystalline citadel will be at their most lax then. We can use the hidden passage behind the reindeer pens and make a dash for the breach in the island’s boundary.”
Matthias looked out the window at the flickering bonfires. The yetis danced wildly around the flames, and the pounding of the animal-hide drums made the igloo tremble slightly.
“Sure. Let’s do it tonight,” Matthias agreed without hesitation. He knew chances like that wouldn’t come twice. For the elixir of immortality, the gamble was worth taking.
###Chapter 2655
Matthias’ fingers lightly traced the brocade box. The cool silk beneath his touch did nothing to dry the sweat dampening his palm. He glanced at Leopold, who was drinking with Barto.
Leopold threw his head back to chug a large cup of amber liquor. As his Adam’s apple bobbed, his gaze flickered, almost imperceptibly, toward the copper pot stashed in the corner of the igloo.
Inside was the drugged liquor they had prepared. It was concocted from a poisonous herb native to the snowy plains that emitted a faint, sweet scent. Once mixed into strong alcohol, it was nearly undetectable.
“Chief Barto, your alcohol tolerance is astounding,” Leopold said.
He slammed his empty cup onto the table, sending ice chips flying. “This ‘Glacier’s Kiss’ hits like a hammer. Most men would be flat on their backs after three cups, yet here you stand, unshaken. No wonder they call you the Mighty Eagle of Frostwarden.”
Barto roared with laughter, and his amber eyes crinkled. He gave Matthias a hearty slap on the shoulder with his thick arm.
“Drink!” he exclaimed.
Though his Dragonmari was broken, it carried an enthusiasm that brooked no refusal as he refilled Matthias’ cup.
Matthias forced a smile and endured the liquor’s fiery sting down his throat. “It is an honor to share a drink with you, Chief Barto,” he said.
He secretly circulated his true energy to divert the alcohol’s effects to his limbs, but his fingertips trembled faintly with tension.
Meanwhile, Leopold had already secretly slipped the drug into Barto’s cup. Now, it was only a matter of waiting for it to take effect.
In the corner, Neville sat with his lone arm resting on the long sword at his waist. His vigilant eyes swept over the assembled yeti warriors.
The wound on his back throbbed dully. Each breath tugged painfully at torn flesh, but he clenched his jaw, refusing to make a sound.
Matthias had ordered him to stay behind earlier and tend to the wounded, but he had insisted on coming. As he watched Matthias and Leopold perform their coordinated act, his palm was slick with cold sweat.
After three rounds of drinks, Barto’s eyes grew hazy. His large frame started to sway, and the strings of ice beads around his neck clattered erratically. He slammed on the table, splattering hot broth from the copper pot, but didn’t even notice.
“Friends… Friends recognized by the spiritual stag…”
“Of course,” Matthias responded, raising his cup. “When I return to the central plain, we shall drink until dawn.”
From the corner of his eye, he saw Leopold subtly flash a hand signal that meant the drug was about to take effect.
A few moments later, Barto suddenly grunted. His massive body crashed to the ground, toppling the wine jars on the table. Liquor slipped across the ice floor, filling the air with a sharp, biting stench. The surrounding yeti warriors rose to their feet, but Leopold beat them to it.
“Chief Barto is drunk. Get him to his room, “he ordered. None of them doubted a thing, and the drunken yetis stumbled over each other as they carried Barto away.
Leopold exchanged a quick glance with Matthias. Under the guise of helping the drunken Barto, the two quietly slipped out of the igloo.
The night wind had a bitter edge, stinging their faces.
Matthias wrapped his cloak tightly around him and followed Leopold through the silent streets. The ice beneath their feet mirrored the overcast sky, casting their elongated shadows ahead like slender giants.
Neville followed closely with two elite soldiers. The rasp of their drawn blades was unnaturally loud in the hollow silence of the valley.
“The reindeer pen is just ahead,” Leopold whispered, pointing toward a faintly glowing enclosure ahead. “The tunnel entrance is hidden beneath the easternmost stable, covered by three loose ice bricks.”
Matthias’ heart hammered in his chest. With every step, he felt like the ice beneath him might give way at any moment.
He couldn’t help but glance back. The bonfires of Frostfang Valley still flickered in the distance, but not a single voice carried through the night.
“Are you sure no one will notice?” he asked, keeping his voice low, but it did nothing to hide the faint tremor in it.
“The High Seer’s ritual dance lasts a full four hours,” Leopold responded in a hushed tone. “Right now, the guards are in the middle of changing shifts. Besides, Barto will be out cold until dawn.”
Though he spoke confidently, he quickened his pace. Uneasy cries came from the reindeer pen. The animals’ breath condensed into white puffs in the frigid air.
Leopold lifted the stable curtain, and the thick smell of fodder washed over them. He crouched, then stepped on the ice bricks. Three of them gave back a hollow sound, just as he expected.
“Quick!”
He motioned for the soldiers to move the bricks, which revealed a pitch-black opening.
“Go down the stairs and walk about half a mile. It will lead you to the snowy plain outside the valley,” he said.
Matthias was the first to duck into the hole. A wave of damp, frigid air hit him. It was heavy with the scent of wet earth and ice.
The stairs were narrow and steep, barely wide enough for one person. With every step, he could hear the faint, unsettling sound of cracking ice overhead.
He gripped his sword tightly, but the hilt was slick with sweat from his palm. A sudden unease twisted in his gut since everything was going too smoothly.
“Mr. Murray, are you sure no one else knows of this secret passage?” he asked.
“Besides myself and the deceased former chieftain, no one knows,” Leopold’s voice came from behind him. “If Your Highness hesitates any longer and we are discovered, don’t blame me for failing to warn you.”
Matthias fell silent and hurried downward. Just then, a sliver of light appeared ahead.
“It’s the exit!” Leopold exclaimed excitedly. They quickened their pace and scrambled out of the tunnel, only to freeze instantly in place.
Under the moonlight, Barto’s towering figure stood imposingly on the snowy plain. Behind him were dozens of yeti warriors, with their glacial spears reflecting a cold gleam like a row of icy tombstones.
Barto’s eyes were clear and devoid of any drunken haze. The ice beads around his neck clattered together sharply, especially in the still night.
###Chapter 2656
Matthias’s eyes narrowed sharply, and he pressed his right hand against the hilt of his sword. His true energy instantly circulated within his body, and his breathing gradually became shallow.
Neville and the soldiers immediately shifted into defensive stances. Their unsheathed longswords gleamed cold and sharp in the moonlight.
The bitter wind howled through the tunnel’s exit, driving sharp flakes of snow against their faces. It stung, but they ignored the discomfort.
Barto’s eyes were clear and alert, showing no hint of intoxication. Behind them, the yeti warriors stood in solemn silence, their ice crystal spears angled toward the ground. They had clearly been waiting for a long time.
“Leopold, how dare you betray the tribe!” one of the yeti warriors roared in their native tongue.
Leopold’s face turned ashen, and he instinctively took a step back. He knew the strength of these elite warriors well, and every one of them was a grandmaster martial artist. If a fight broke out, the outcome would be disastrous.
Matthias’ eyes were locked on Barto’s movement, ready to counter any sudden attack. He had even mapped out possible escape routes in his mind.
Barto suddenly raised a hand, silencing the restless warriors behind him. To everyone’s surprise, he stepped forward with a package wrapped in animal hides. He gently handed it to Leopold with his rough hands. There was no anger in his amber eyes, but rather a hint of reluctance.
He spoke slowly in broken Dragonmari, ” Mr. Murray… It’s time for you to go home.”
Matthias was taken aback, and his grip on his sword hilt loosened slightly.
Leopold’s eyes widened in disbelief. He had expected Barto to capture him and drag him back. He never imagined Barto had actually come to see him off instead.
Seeing that he hadn’t accepted the package, Barto stuffed it into his arms. He then pointed toward a direction deep in the snowy plain and spoke in a series of low, guttural sounds. It was the Frostwarden Tribe’s language, spoken with profound warmth.
Leopold caught on and responded urgently in the same tribal language, sounding grateful.
Barto patted his shoulder. He removed the string of ice beads that contained animal bones from around his own neck, then respectfully placed it around Leopold’s. The beads clinked together with a crisp sound that rang especially clear across the silent, snowy plain.
Leopold touched the beads and was deeply moved. After all, Barto had always treasured them, and Leopold never imagined he would give them to him.
Barto grinned and gestured at the package, then toward the distance, as if to say the contents would help them face the dangers ahead. The direction he pointed was the shortcut to leaving Elysium Isle.
Ten years ago, Leopold had rescued Barto from a pack of ice beasts when he had first washed up on Elysium Isle. He had also taught the Frostwarden Tribe how to brew warming herbs and craft superior weapons. Barto had long regarded him as a mentor.
The years of what seemed like “house arrest” were actually because the High Seer feared the tribe would have no one to turn to in a future crisis if Leopold left.
But Barto had always known that Leopold longed to return to the central plains. He had secretly been looking for a chance to help him escape.
Leopold pressed a fist to his chest in a gesture of ultimate respect, then said ” Thank you” in the tribal tongue sincerely.
Barto waved him off and then gestured toward the sky, urging them to leave quickly.
Without hesitation, Leopold turned to Matthias. “Let’s go.”
Though filled with questions, Matthias knew it wasn’t the time to ask them. He followed Leopold, hurrying toward the direction Barto had pointed out.
Behind them, Barto and the yeti warriors stood silently on the snowy plain, their shadows stretching long under the moonlight. Only when Matthias and his group had disappeared into the distance did Barto turn and lead his warriors back to their tribe.
The biting wind across the snowy plain was picking up, whipping snowflakes that stung like needles against their faces.
The soldiers pulled their coats tight and trudged laboriously through the deep snow. Each step was a struggle, the crunch of their boots against the ice echoing rhythmically in the darkness.
Neville’s wound began to throb again, and cold sweat soaked his cloak. But he gritted his teeth and forced himself to keep going. He glanced back regularly to check on his soldiers, making sure none of them had fallen behind.
After hours of walking, dawn began to break on the horizon. Seeing that they were far away from Frostfang Valley, Matthias signaled for everyone to take a break. The soldiers immediately collapsed onto the snow, pulling out the rations they carried and biting into them.
Just then, the sky suddenly darkened. The light snow turned heavy in an instant. Fierce winds came howling, whipping up snow from the ground into white whirlwinds.
“Oh no! It’s a blizzard,” Leopold exclaimed. His face changed drastically as he shouted, “Find shelter now!”
The soldiers hurriedly got up, looking everywhere for places to shelter from the wind. But the blizzard came too fast.
Almost instantly, the entire snowy plain was swallowed by the blizzard, and they could barely see a few feet ahead. The fierce wind hurled snow and ice against them mercilessly.
One soldier couldn’t dodge in time and was slammed to the frozen ground. Snow swallowed him instantly, burying him until only one hand remained visible above the surface before the blizzard buried him completely.
“Hold onto each other! Don’t get swept away!” Matthias shouted, grabbing the arm of a nearby soldier. He circulated his true energy within his body to brace against the wind.
Neville gripped two soldiers tightly and pressed his back against the icy boulder, trying to shield them from the wind. 1
But the blizzard was far more powerful than they had expected. Two more soldiers were swept away by the wind and vanished into the snowstorm.
###Chapter 2657
The fierce wind whipped up snow particles like sharp gavels, pelting Matthias’ face. He gripped the nearby soldier’s arm so tightly that his knuckles went white.
His black battle robe was already soaked through with melted snow. The frozen fabric clung to his skin, and the cold penetrated through his pores deep into his bones.
He looked up, seeing only vaguely discernible outlines of the men around him amidst the blizzard.
The soldier who had been swept away by the wind earlier hadn’t even managed to scream for help. He disappeared completely into the blizzard, leaving only traces that were quickly covered by snow.
“Over here!” Leopold shouted, though his voice was nearly drowned by the howling wind.
He pulled out the animal hide package Barto had given him from his coat and clutched it tightly against his chest. With his free hand, he groped for a protruding rock.
“There’s an ice cave here. We can wait out the storm,” he said. A surge of relief washed over Matthias. He quickly signaled for the remaining soldiers to follow.
The men supported each other through the deep snow, each step a struggle as they trudged toward Leopold. The snow reached their thighs, and anyone who lost their footing would sink into the soft layers beneath. It often took the combined effort of their companions to pull them out.
Neville was supported by a soldier gripping his lone arm as they trudged forward. Blood seeping from the wound on his back had stained his cloak red, freezing into dark red ice shards in the blizzard.
Each step brought waves of pain, causing cold sweat to bead on his forehead, but he gritted his teeth and pressed on. Despite that, he would occasionally warn those around him to watch their footing.
After a grueling effort to reach the ice cave, they discovered that the space was so small it could barely fit ten people.
Matthias entered first, then turned to pull his soldiers inside one after another. Just as the last man squeezed through, a massive sheet of snow crashed down at the entrance. The avalanche sealed most of the opening instantly, leaving only a narrow slit for air.
The temperature inside the cave was noticeably warmer. The men collapsed to the ground, breathing heavily.
Leopold carefully unwrapped the animal hide package. Inside were strips of dried meat, some medicinal herbs to fight the cold, and a map drawn on a scrap of hide.
A route was marked in red pigment, starting at Frostfang Valley and ending at a place labeled “New Frontier”. Several strange symbols were drawn along the path, seemingly markers of some kind.
“This must be the way out of Everfrost,” Leopold said, pointing to the area marked ” New Frontier” on the map.
He added excitedly, “Barto really didn’t lie to us.”
Matthias leaned in to study the map carefully. The route was marked with several dangerous zones-“Crevasse Zone “, “Snow Fox Dens”, and one area with a large beast drawn in black ink, labeled ” Frost Serpent’s Lair”.
He frowned slightly, knowing the journey ahead looked even more treacherous. The group rested in the ice cave for four hours until the blizzard gradually subsided.
Leopold distributed the dried meat and brewed tonic to fight the cold. After drinking the tonic, warmth spread through their bodies, and much of their fatigue eased.
“It’s time to set off. While the blizzard has stopped, we should cross the Crevasse Zone ahead as quickly as possible,” Matthias said. He rose, brushing snow from his clothes with determined resolve.
Everyone stood up and followed Leopold out of the ice cave. The blizzard outside had weakened considerably. Though the sky remained overcast, at least they could see the path ahead. Guided by the map, they headed toward the Crevasse Zone.
After walking for about an hour, a massive field of ice crevasses appeared before them. The cracks crisscrossed in all directions, with bottomless black mouths that disappeared into darkness. Cold wind howled up from the depths, creating an eerie sound that chilled them to the bone.
Only narrow ice bridges connected the gaps between crevasses. The slick surfaces allowed no room for error. One wrong step meant a fatal fall.
“Everyone, be careful,” Leopold said. ”
Cross one at a time and hold the rope.’
He pulled out the rope he had prepared earlier from his bag. After securing one end to a nearby ice pillar, he handed the other end to Matthias.
Matthias took the rope and stepped onto the ice bridge. The bridge was narrow, barely wide enough for one person.
He advanced carefully, though sharp cracking sounds came from the ice underfoot from time to time, as if it might collapse at any moment. Holding his breath, he fixed his eyes on the far side and slowly moved forward.
The soldiers behind him followed in a tense line, gripping the rope tightly. They didn’t dare to let their guard down. Just then, one of the soldiers in the middle lost his footing. His body tilted instantly toward the crevasse.
“Help!” he cried. Matthias’ stomach dropped. He spun around and reached for the man, but it was too late. Fortunately, a nearby soldier reacted quickly and grabbed the falling man’s arm. Together, he and Matthias hauled the man up.
Trembling, the soldier sat on the ice bridge, his face pale with shock. It took several minutes before he could stand again.
At last, the entire group made it across the Crevasse Zone. A collective sigh of relief swept through them.
The rest of the journey was relatively smooth. They avoided the Snow Fox Dens and Frost Serpent’s Lair by following the map’s instructions.
For three days and nights, they trekked through the frozen wasteland, surviving on dried meat from Barto and melted snow for water.
They braved through bitter winds by day and set up makeshift tents in whatever sheltered places they could find each night.
The soldiers grew haggard, their faces chapped and their armor crusted with ice. Yet no one complained. They all understood that persistence would eventually lead them out of Everfrost. On the third evening, Leopold suddenly stopped and pointed ahead.
“Look!” he exclaimed excitedly. “Up ahead is the mysterious passage marked on the map.”
###Chapter 2658
Everyone followed Leopold’s gaze and saw a massive opening in the ice cliff ahead. The entrance was covered in thick layers of ice, yet a faint glow was visible from within.
“We’re finally here,” Matthias said. His eyes lit up with excitement, and he quickened his pace toward the cave.
The others followed him to the entrance, which stood about 30 feet high and 20 feet wide. Inside was pitch black, with only distant light visible ahead.
Leopold pulled a torch from his bag, lit it, and handed it to Matthias.
Matthias took the torch and led the way into the passage. The tunnel was spacious with level ground, and glowing minerals embedded in the walls illuminated the passage.
They walked slowly, their footsteps and breathing echoing in the silence. After walking for nearly an hour, the light ahead grew brighter, and they could faintly hear bird calls.
“We’re almost there,” Leopold said excitedly. A few minutes later, they finally emerged from the passage and were frozen in awe.
Gone was the frozen wasteland. Before them stretched a landscape of spring blossoms. Flowers bloomed across the grassland in brilliant colors, filling the air with their fragrance.
Dense forest covered the rolling green hills that stretched into the distance, their peaks shrouded in mist. Sunlight streamed from the deep blue sky, warming their bodies and driving away their fatigue.
Birds sang in the trees and butterflies flitted among the flowers. A stream flowed nearby, and they could see fish swimming below the surface.
“Is… Is this the New Frontier? It’s so beautiful,” one soldier exclaimed, wonder shining in his eyes.
Matthias stared at the breathtaking scenery before him and was overwhelmed with emotion. After overcoming countless trials, they had finally escaped Everfrost and arrived at an almost otherworldly paradise.
He breathed deeply, savoring the sweet air thick with the scent of flowers and grass. It felt refreshing and invigorating after their ordeal.
“We’re finally here,” Leopold said, a long-absent smile spreading across his face. ” Next, we may find clues to the elixir of immortality.”
Matthias nodded, eyes bright with anticipation. He knew that escaping Everfrost was only the beginning. The search for the elixir would be long, and greater challenges likely lay ahead.
After resting for an hour, Matthias and his group set out again.
The spring warmth and blooming flowers of the New Frontier were a welcome relief from the harsh frozen wasteland. As they traveled, the group found themselves absorbed in the beautiful landscape around them.
Soft grass cushioned their steps, with bright flowers lining their path. The air was filled with birds chirping and the sound of running water. It was a stark contrast to the icy terrain they had left behind.
After half a day of travel, they heard noises up ahead. Matthias stiffened and signaled everyone to stop, looking warily toward the sound.
Leopold and Neville immediately took defensive positions, hands moving toward their weapons.
Moments later, a group of mounted riders appeared in their field of vision. Leading them was a man in close-fitting clothes, handsome with a touch of arrogance in his expression. It was Nathaniel.
“Nathaniel?”
Matthias’ eyes lit up with surprise upon seeing the man leading the group. He hadn’t expected to encounter a familiar face in this place.
Nathaniel was equally surprised. He had spent several days on Elysium Isle, experiencing all sorts of strange events, but had yet to find any trace of the elixir of immortality. So, meeting his brother here was completely unexpected.
“Matthias, I never thought I’d run into you here.”
After a moment of stunned silence, Nathaniel broke into a warm smile and strode quickly toward him. Matthias lowered his guard and returned the smile, stepping forward to meet Nathaniel halfway.
“It’s been a while. I trust you’ve been well, ” he said.
“We’re both here for the same reason-to extend Father’s life. The trials we’ve endured along the way go without saying. Since fate has brought us together, why don’t we travel together so we can watch each other’s backs?” Nathaniel suggested.
“That’s exactly what I was thinking,”
Matthias responded with a nod and a smile.
His gaze then shifted to the men behind Nathaniel. Though his rival still had a dozen or so guards with him, they all looked exhausted, and several bore obvious injuries. They had clearly faced their share of dangers.
Despite their rivalry, cooperation made sense until they found the elixir of immortality. They could work together to overcome the immediate challenges. Once they found the elixir, it would come down to who was more ruthless.
After all, this place was completely isolated. Whatever occurred here would never reach the outside world. Even if a few people died, no word would escape Elysium Isle.
“Matthias, how long have you been on this island? Have you found anything?” Nathaniel asked tentatively.
“Three, maybe five days? Besides the harsh environment, I haven’t found anything,” Matthias replied, shaking his head.
Then he asked, “What about you? Any leads on the elixir?”
###Chapter 2659
“You give me too much credit, Matthias. If I had any leads, would I be here meeting you by chance?” Nathaniel said with a smile.
Then, he changed the subject. “Though your men look tired, their eyes are still bright. You wouldn’t happen to have stumbled onto something good, would you?”
As he spoke, his gaze studied Matthias carefully, searching for any telltale signs. But Matthias’s expression remained unreadable.
“We fought through blizzards and harsh weather, nearly losing our lives. That’s hardly what I’d call stumbling onto something good,” he said evenly.
“Blizzards and harsh weather?” Nathaniel raised an eyebrow, puzzled.
“While Elysium Isle does harbor certain dangers, I’ve seen nothing but pleasant spring weather here. How could there be any blizzards and harsh weather?”
“I’m not entirely clear on the details myself. Most likely, it was some kind of pocket dimension, like those described in the ancient manuscripts. If we hadn’t stumbled upon an exit by sheer luck, I never would have reached this area,” Matthias replied.
“I see.” Nathaniel nodded thoughtfully.
He could tell his brother must have stumbled onto something good, and he would need to find a way to probe further.
“Nathaniel, I’m running low on supplies. We’ll have to rely on your support for the time being,” Matthias said with a smile.
“Of course. No problem,” Nathaniel replied, still smiling. “This place may be dangerous, but there’s plenty of food and water. Lucky for us, I hunted some food yesterday. Let’s have a feast today.”
He signaled his men, who immediately began setting up camp and preparing to cook.
Matthias’s men weren’t idle either. They set up their own camp, maintaining a calm and orderly appearance.
Despite their rivalry, Matthias and Nathaniel could work together temporarily on the treacherous Elysium Isle. But both knew the alliance would last only as long as neither side found any leads on the elixir of immortality. Otherwise, this temporary alliance would instantly end.
After setting up camp, they quickly built a fire and began cooking.
Matthias and Nathaniel sat around a roasted chicken, drinking and chatting while occasionally taking a bite. Though they appeared friendly on the surface, their conversation was filled with subtle probing.
However, both sides were extremely cautious and revealed absolutely nothing. Neither had any idea what discoveries the other had made.
Just as Matthias and Nathaniel were drinking and chatting, a dazzling light suddenly flashed across the distant horizon. What began as a faint golden glow quickly expanded into an enormous column of light that shot straight into the sky.
Everyone looked up to see a glowing descending slowly through the beam of light. The , shaped like a disk, was covered in strange patterns that pulsed with a faint golden glow.
As it descended, the ground began to tremble slightly. Flowers swayed in the meadow and ripples spread across the stream. Startled birds took flight while butterflies dropped to the grass and lay motionless.
The air around the seemed to burn, radiating intense heat that cast a golden glow even on the distant mountains.
Matthias shot to his feet, dropping his piece of chicken without noticing. He stared at the mysterious glowing , his eyes wide with shock and curiosity. Something told him this might be related to the elixir of immortality.
Nathaniel stood up as well. His initial surprise quickly turned to excitement.
Ancient manuscripts spoke of celestial phenomena heralding the appearance of treasures. So he was convinced the glowing falling from a distance had to be a rare treasure. After all, any such treasure on Elysium Isle would likely be the elixir they sought, or something equally valuable.
Matthias was the first to react, and he shouted, “Hurry up! Everyone assembles!”
He drew his sword and pointed toward where the was landing. “We head that way. Whatever it is, we need to find out.”
Nathaniel immediately ordered his men, ” Pack up everything and form ranks. If we find that elixir, there will be a generous reward for you.”
The soldiers sprang into action, gathering their gear and following Matthias and Nathaniel toward the landing site.
Though sunlight warmed their backs, no one paid attention to the beautiful scenery. Every eye was fixed on the golden glow ahead, hearts filled with anticipation and anxiety.
###Chapter 2660
Black thunder rolled through the lead-gray clouds as the Stormrider pitched like a leaf in the wind, tossed violently by the raging seas. Water mixed with shards of ice flooded the deck, whipped by the gale and striking the soldiers’ armor with sharp cracks.
Though Tristan was holding onto the mast, his tailored coat soaked through with seawater, he still stood tall. When he looked ahead at the island’s outline growing clearer through the storm, his frown suddenly relaxed, and his gaze sharpened with newfound hope.
“Your Highness, it’s Elysium Isle. We’ve arrived,” Milton exclaimed excitedly.
Even this shrewd elderly steward couldn’t hide his elation. After their long voyage through three sea monster attacks and two occasions when they’d lost their way, the expedition had finally found the legendary island when all hope seemed lost.
Elite soldiers rushed to the deck, staring at the distant land bathed in golden light. At last, they broke into the cheers they had held back for so long.
Some men reached toward the sunlight streaming through breaks in the clouds, ignoring the gale, as if they could grasp this hard-earned hope in their hands.
When the Stormrider pulled up to shore, Tristan was first to step onto the beach. The soft white sand felt warm underfoot, a sharp contrast to the bitter cold they’d endured aboard ship.
He breathed deeply, savoring the fresh scent of vegetation and the salt tang of sea breeze. It felt refreshing and invigorating.
“This place looks amazing,” one soldier couldn’t help but exclaim.
The Elysium Isle before them looked exactly as the ancient manuscripts had described a land of eternal spring where magical flowers bloomed year-round.
Clusters of exotic plants spread inland from the beach. Pink petals fluttered like butterfly wings while purple vines wound around towering ancient trees. Their branches sagged under crystalline fruit that gleamed temptingly.
Distant mountains were shrouded in swirling mists. The faint sound of running water drifted from the peaks, and occasionally bright-colored birds swept overhead, leaving behind a series of crisp chirps.
Tristan wandered through the flower beds, his fingers nearly touching a vibrant red blossom. The petals were layered upon each other like fine silk, with crystal dewdrops rolling in the center. It looked both harmless and beautiful.
“Your Highness, don’t!” Milton shouted, striding forward and grabbing Tristan’s wrist.
He said firmly, “Something’s wrong with the plants on this island. Everyone, step back. Don’t touch anything without permission.”
Tristan paused, looking at Milton with confusion. “Why are you so worried? These flowers look perfectly normal. In fact, they seem to have some kind of spiritual energy.
The other soldiers stopped as well, confusion written across their faces. To them, this sea of flowers clearly represented paradise itself. How could there be any danger?
Without a word of explanation, Milton bent down and picked up a stone the size of his fist from the beach. With a quick motion, he hurled it toward the red flower.
The moment the stone touched the petals, something extraordinary happened. The seemingly delicate red bloom suddenly snapped open.
Its petals curled back instantly, revealing a gaping maw lined with razor-sharp thorns and gleaming fangs. The flower engulfed the stone in one swift motion.
A sharp crack echoed through the air as the stone was crushed to powder, fragments trickling from the base of the bloom.
The men stepped back in fear, and their faces turned pale. To their horror, the disturbance triggered a response throughout the flower field. Pink petals revealed tiny poisonous barbs beneath, while purple vines writhed through the air like serpents.
Even the harmless-looking ferns reacted. Their fronds snapped shut around a butterfly that had landed on them. When the leaves slowly reopened moments later, the butterfly had vanished entirely, leaving only a few drops of dark red fluid.
“This… These are carnivorous plants and an entire field of them,” one soldier gasped in horror. Tristan felt a cold sweat break out across his back. The excitement he’d felt moments ago had vanished completely.
He stared at the flower bed before them-beautiful on the surface but concealing deadly danger. A chill ran through him as he realized how close he had come to a grim fate. If Milton hadn’t stopped him in time, that single touch would have made him a meal for these deadly plants.
“Thank you, Milton,” he said, taking a deep breath and forcing himself to stay calm.
He then turned and addressed his men sternly. “Listen up. From now on, everyone stays with the group. No one touches anything on this island, not even a single leaf or piece of fruit. Anyone who disobeys orders will be punished under military law.
The soldiers nodded grimly. All traces of carelessness had vanished from their faces. They gripped their weapons tighter and watched the surrounding vegetation warily. Even their breathing became cautious.
Milton moved closer to Tristan and lowered his voice. “Your Highness, Elysium Isle may look like paradise, but it’s filled with hidden dangers.”
He continued, “I’ve read in ancient manuscripts that some islands use beautiful scenery as camouflage to disguise deadly poisons and traps. Every step we take from here must be taken with extreme caution.”
Tristan nodded, his gaze sweeping over the mist-shrouded forest ahead.
He knew that the search for the elixir of immortality had only just begun. The field of carnivorous flowers before him was merely Elysium Isle’s first warning.
###Chapter 2661
The group slowly moved along the shoreline, pebbles crunching underfoot. Tristan led the way with one hand resting on his sword hilt, his eyes sharp as he scanned the surrounding vegetation.
After their encounter with the carnivorous plants, everyone remained on high alert. They didn’t dare make a sound, fearing they might disturb whatever dangers lurked on the island.
Milton walked beside Tristan, carrying a branch to push aside the tangled vines. His weathered fingers brushed the vine surface as he watched for danger.
“Your Highness, the vegetation is getting denser here, and something feels wrong. Besides the usual plant scents in the air, there’s also an underlying chill,” he said in a low voice.
“What do you think it means?” Tristan asked quietly.
“I can’t say for sure,” Milton replied, shaking his head. “But everything on this island seems unnatural. While ordinary islands like this often have rare treasures, they shouldn’t be dangerous at every turn.
“We should leave this flower grove quickly and head toward the forest. Perhaps we might find a safer path there.”
“What is that?” one of the soldiers asked.
“Could it be some rare treasure that fell from the sky?” another chimed in. The soldiers looked surprised and talked among themselves.
Tristan’s eyes lit up, and he could barely contain his excitement. He had a feeling that whatever had fallen from the sky was no ordinary .
“Quick! Head to where the treasure landed now,” he said urgently. Without saying much, he ordered his men to pick up the pace and head there.
Milton, who had been running a bit behind, was pushed back several steps by the shockwave. He barely managed to grab a thick tree trunk to steady himself, his eyes widened with terror.
The shockwave continued for a full three minutes before gradually subsiding. The sky cleared again, but the air now carried a burnt smell.
Tristan struggled to get up from the ground. The pain in his back made him frown, but he didn’t bother checking his injuries. His gaze immediately turned toward the direction the blast had come from.
“Is everyone all right? Get up and follow me,” he shouted to the soldiers around him. The soldiers climbed to their feet one after another. Though they had sustained minor injuries, none were seriously hurt.
Milton watched how eager they were behaving. Though he had doubts, he knew he couldn’t stop them now and could only hurry to keep up, constantly warning them.
“Be careful. Don’t be reckless. This could be a trap.”
They hadn’t gone far when they heard a massive explosion ahead, and then the ground shook beneath their feet.
Immediately after, a powerful shockwave from a blast hit them head-on with tremendous force. Tristan, who was running in front, was thrown backward and landed hard on the ground. His tailored coat was torn by debris kicked up by the blast, and sharp pain shot through his back.
The soldiers weren’t spared either. The shockwave knocked them all over. Some crashed into tree trunks, while others fell into shallow water. Cries of pain and shouts of alarm filled the air.
After regrouping, they pressed forward again. The further they walked, the more cracks appeared in the ground, and the acrid smell in the air grew stronger. When they reached the center of the blast zone, everyone was stunned.
A massive crater had been carved into the earth. The walls were smooth, and the surrounding vegetation was charred black, still smoking.
In the exact center of the crater sat a crystal coffin of perfect transparency. The coffin’s surface emitted a faint blue glow that refracted brilliant light in the sunlight, bathing the entire crater in an otherworldly radiance.
Tristan stood at the crater’s edge, frowning in bewilderment. He had expected the golden glow to deliver some elixir or rare treasure. Who could have imagined that this so-called “treasure” would turn out to be a crystal coffin?
“Why a coffin?” he muttered, frowning. They had pursued it all this way, only to find a coffin. It wasn’t surprising that he was so disappointed.
Milton stepped toward the crater’s edge and studied the crystal coffin carefully, a complex expression flickering in his clouded eyes.
“Your Highness, this crystal coffin is no ordinary . Look at its material-perfectly transparent, without a single flaw. And the coffin’s surface appears to be carved with patterns that look like some kind of formation,” he said, pointing to the faint markings visible on the coffin’s surface.
Tristan followed where he was pointing and indeed spotted intricate patterns carved into the crystal coffin. The lines interwove to form a complex design, though the distance made it impossible to discern the details clearly.
“What do you think could be inside this coffin? And why did it fall from the sky?” Tristan asked, puzzled.
Milton shook his head, frowning. “I don’t know. But Elysium Isle has always been full of mysteries, and now this crystal coffin appears. The situation may be more complicated than we imagined. Your Highness, for safety’s sake, it would be best not to open it.”
###Chapter 2662
Tristan seemed somewhat hesitant upon hearing Milton’s advice. After seeing something like that fall from the sky, it would be foolish to just walk away. Even if the crystal coffin looked unsettling, it was worth the risk.
As he wavered, the sound of hurried footsteps suddenly echoed from the distance, accompanied by the sharp clatter of armor.
“Who’s there?” he called out, spinning around. His hand pressed on the hilt of his sword as he looked warily toward the source of the noise.
Milton and the soldiers immediately shifted into defensive positions, staring intently ahead. They could see a group of men advancing rapidly toward them, led by Matthias and Nathaniel. Behind them were several dozen elite soldiers, fully armed and with stern expressions.
“Matthias? Nathaniel?” Tristan was stunned when he saw them.
“What a coincidence to find you here, Tristan,” Nathaniel said first, sounding surprised.
“We saw a golden light fall from the sky and followed it here,” Matthias chimed in.
“I didn’t expect you’d be so quick and beat us to it.”
He had just run into Nathaniel not long ago, and now Tristan had shown up as well. It seemed that obtaining the elixir of immortality wouldn’t be easy.
“Matthias, Nathaniel,” Tristan said, his smile never reaching his eyes. “Guess fate has a sense of humor, bringing the three of us together like this.”
He could tell from their appearance that they had clearly reached the island before him.
“Who’s to say it isn’t? I guess this is what they call fate,” Nathaniel replied with a diplomatic smile. Matthias, however, kept his gaze fixed on the crystal coffin.
“It’s weird to see a coffin fall from the sky. I wonder… What do you plan to do with it, Tristan?” he asked tentatively.
Tristan thought for a moment and replied, “I’ve been debating whether to open it. But the coffin looks too mysterious. Acting rashly could prove dangerous, but abandoning it now might mean losing an important clue.”
“You make a valid point,” Nathaniel said. ” But since all three of us are here, why don’t we decide together?
“This coffin certainly contains something unusual, or perhaps it’s related to the elixir we’re seeking. Why don’t we open it and take a look, so we can get a clear answer?”
Matthias nodded slightly. “Nathaniel, you’re right. Better to know the truth than stand here hesitating. But for safety’s sake, we need to prepare comprehensive defensive measures first.”
The three brothers quickly reached a consensus and immediately began setting up their defenses. Matthias ordered his soldiers to form a circle around the crater, with shields and spears raised, ready to respond to any emergency.
On the other hand, Nathaniel pulled out several talismans from his coat and distributed them to nearby soldiers.
“If there’s any movement, immediately stick these talismans on the coffin. They should help suppress whatever’s inside,” he said.
Tristan had Milton distribute the antidotes and healing tablets he carried with him to everyone, in case they encountered poison when they opened the coffin. Milton also scattered special powder around the crater’s perimeter.
“This is consecrated powder for warding off evil spirits,” he explained. “If there are any malevolent entities, it might serve as a deterrent.”
Once preparations were complete, the brothers exchanged glances. Anticipation and wariness were reflected in their eyes.
Matthias signaled two of his strongest soldiers beside him and said in a low voice, “You two go down there. Carefully open the lid and move it slowly. If anything seems unusual, stop immediately.”
The two soldiers acknowledged the order and cautiously climbed down the crater walls to the crystal coffin. They took deep breaths, placed their hands on the lid, and slowly pushed.
With a soft crack, the crystal coffin lid was gradually pushed open. A faint, pleasant fragrance drifted out. It was unlike the floral scents of the island’s plants. Instead, it carried hints of old incense and something unidentifiable.
Tristan, Matthias, and Nathaniel held their breath, staring intently at the coffin’s interior. When the lid was fully opened, everyone was stunned.
Inside lay a perfectly preserved man’s body that looked as though he had simply fallen asleep. He wore white robes embroidered with intricate patterns.
His features were strikingly handsome with pale skin, long dark lashes, a straight nose, and thin lips. Even though he was dead, something about him seemed otherworldly.
“Who… Who is this man? How could the body be preserved so well?” Nathaniel murmured under his breath, staring in shock.
Matthias’ frown deepened. Despite years of warfare and seeing countless corpses, he had never encountered one preserved so flawlessly and certainly never one so handsome.
Tristan’s eyes widened in disbelief, his mind racing with questions.
That man’s strange clothing and dignified appearance suggested someone of importance. But why was he lying in a crystal coffin that had fallen from the sky on Elysium Isle?
While the bewildered brothers stood there lost in thought, the man in the coffin’s eyelid twitched. Then, those eyes that had been closed for so long snapped open. His gaze looked dark and disoriented at first, then suddenly sharpened into alertness as he stared at the three men.
###Chapter 2663
Time seemed to stop around the crater. The handsome man’s eyes had suddenly snapped open inside the crystal coffin, and everyone stared in stunned silence.
Those eyes held depths that no mortal gaze should possess. It was as if he had witnessed centuries of death and suffering. Just meeting that deadly stare sent hearts pounding and chilled everyone to the bone.
Just when they thought nothing could be more terrifying, the man, Thymaleon, stirred slightly. To their surprise, he rose from the coffin. His body rose through the air as though gravity no longer bound him, and he hovered around six feet above the pit.
His white robes billowed in the sunlight, outlining his tall, lean frame. A faint glow seemed to surround him, making him look like an immortal being. His contemptuous gaze swept over the panicked crowd below, like someone watching insects crawl beneath his feet.
Tristan exchanged a quick look with his brothers. In Matthias and Nathaniel’s faces, he saw his own shock and unease reflected back at him.
Thymaleon’s overwhelming presence and ethereal nature exceeded anything they had anticipated. The three wondered what kind of being they were dealing with.
“Is he… Could he be an immortal?” a soldier stammered.
Milton frowned at his words. He gripped the tree branch so tightly his knuckles turned white. If that man truly was an immortal, they faced a problem beyond their capabilities.
Thymaleon slowly surveyed the group, his gaze sweeping over each person. Soldiers ducked their heads wherever his attention fell, afraid to meet his eyes directly. Even their breathing became shallow.
When his attention settled on Tristan and his brothers, his stare lingered and soon turned deadly.
“You have trespassed on Elysium Isle and disturbed my slumber…” he said coldly. His voice carried an authority that brooked no defiance. “You will all die.”
As soon as his voice fell, he raised his right hand and pointed his slender finger at a general in the crowd.
The general’s face went white with terror. He tried to dodge, but found his body frozen in place, and he couldn’t move an inch.
In the next instant, he felt excruciating pain tear through his body. His body burst apart in a spray of blood and torn flesh that covered the nearby soldiers, creating a scene of utter devastation.
The soldiers screamed and retreated, terrified out of their wits. They were desperate to get away from that terrifying man.
Matthias’ eyes widened in shock, his face showing unmistakable horror. However, his years of warfare kicked in, and he quickly forced himself to calm down. He knew retreating would mean certain death.
“Listen up!” he roared. “Move in now and take him down!”
The elite fighters behind him snapped into action. They drew their weapons and leaped toward Thymaleon in the air.
All of these fighters represented the military’s elite soldiers who had never tasted defeat on any battlefield. But faced with Thymaleon, they seemed hopelessly outmatched.
Thymaleon watched the approaching fighters with a mocking smile. He raised his left hand slowly and gave it a casual wave. The gesture looked effortless, but it carried a terrifying power.
The dozen fighters leading the charge barely made it into the air before their bodies jerked to a sudden halt. They met the same fate as the general from earlier.
The entire group exploded in rapid succession. Blood sprayed across the sky, and none of them had time even to scream.
The remaining fighters were so frightened their faces turned deathly pale. No one dared to advance, and everyone stopped where they stood. They were caught in a dilemma of whether to move forward or retreat.
Tristan and Nathaniel stood motionless. A chill ran down their spine as they witnessed the bloody horror unfolding before them. Their hearts felt as though an invisible hand had seized them, squeezing so tight they could barely beat.
They had never witnessed such terrifying power before. With nothing more than a casual wave of his hand, Thymaleon had reduced over a dozen elite fighters to nothing before they could land a strike.
Tristan snapped out of his shock and shouted, “Retreat! Fall back now!”
His voice carried a tremor he couldn’t hide. He knew that with their current strength, they stood no chance against that man. Staying there any longer would mean the complete annihilation of their forces.
Matthias realized that as well. Though he was reluctant to retreat, he understood that withdrawal was their only option now. He waved his hand and shouted to the remaining soldiers, “Retreat now!”
The soldiers were already paralyzed with fear. When they heard the command, they seized it like a lifeline. They spun and fled frantically toward the beach, running as if they wished they had twice as many legs.
In an instant, what had been an orderly formation dissolved into complete chaos. Every man thought of only saving himself.
Thymaleon watched them flee, his eyes showing no emotion. He neither pursued them nor struck again. Instead, he just hovered silently in midair like a detached observer, watching these “ants” scatter in panic before him.
###Chapter 2664
Tristan, Matthias, and Nathaniel ran desperately. They constantly glanced back over their shoulders, terrified that the horrifying man might suddenly catch up to them.
Only after they had run several miles and left the crater far behind did they finally slow their pace. They gasped for breath, and their faces still showed they hadn’t recovered from the shock.
Nathaniel leaned against a large tree, his complexion noticeably pale. “What… What kind of monster was that? How could anyone possess such terrifying power?” he blurted.
Tristan shook his head. “I don’t know… But I’m certain he’s definitely not human. I’m afraid we’ve gotten ourselves into serious trouble this time.”
Matthias gripped his longsword tightly and said grimly, “Now isn’t the time to discuss it. We must leave this place as quickly as possible and find a safe location. There’s no telling if that monster might suddenly pursue us.”
The three brothers exchanged looks. Fear lingered in each of their eyes. They never stopped running. Sharp stones scraped through their boots, while thorny branches snagged and tore their robes.
However, they no longer cared about such things. Instead, they only wanted to run with all their strength toward any direction that led away from the deep pit.
The surviving troops behind them had scattered. Many had been dragged away by the island’s bizarre plants during the panic, leaving only a few brief screams before disappearing completely.
The sun overhead gradually shifted westward, stretching everyone’s shadows long across the ground. Every time they looked back, they could see that the sky was stained with blood mist. The sight haunted them like an inescapable nightmare.
“Your Highness, please slow down. I can’t run anymore…” Milton said, supporting himself with a broken branch.
He panted heavily as he followed behind Tristan. Sweat and dust streaked his disheveled gray hair, and his legs trembled uncontrollably.
Given his advanced age, his energy reserves had long since been depleted to their absolute limit after a whole day of running. As Tristan stopped to look at the remnants of his force, a chill ran down his spine.
What had once been nearly 100 elite soldiers was now reduced to barely 30 men. Their clothing hung in tatters, and exhaustion was written across every face.
He took a deep breath and said in a hoarse voice, “Everyone, stop and rest for a while. Eat, drink, and recover. We need to find shelter before nightfall.”
The men collapsed to the ground as if pardoned from execution. They pulled out their rations and devoured them ravenously. Their frantic drinking caused some to choke and brought tears to their eyes.
Matthias leaned against a large tree and wiped the blood and grime from his face with his sleeve. His eyes swept the surrounding area, alert for any threat.
They had entered a dense forest where massive trunks blocked out most of the sky. Only scattered beams of sunlight filtered through the canopy above.
The air hung thick with the smell of damp, rotting leaves. Occasionally, the cries of unknown birds and beasts echoed through the shadows, their calls adding to the forest’s menacing mood.
“Tristan, do you think that monster will follow us?” Nathaniel asked between bites of his rations.
He couldn’t shake the horrific image from his mind. A general with the skills of a grandmaster had been as helpless as an insect against that handsome man. He was reduced to bloody vapor with a simple hand gesture. The recollection made Nathaniel’s blood run cold.
Tristan shook his head, his eyes heavy with concern.
“It’s hard to say. That monster’s strength is beyond measure. We’d better stay far away from him,” he said.
Matthias frowned deeply and spoke in a low voice. “We can’t just sit here waiting for death. Let’s rest for a while and then move on.”
At that moment, the sky suddenly darkened. The originally sparse sunlight disappeared completely. The forest became dim throughout. A cold breeze swept through, carrying a piercing cold that made the leaves rustle.
Everyone instinctively looked up. What they saw froze them in place, the color draining from their faces instantly.
Thymaleon, dressed in white robes, was quietly floating above them. A faint glow surrounded his body, making him appear particularly dazzling even in the dim forest.
He looked down at the people below coldly, like looking down at a group of insignificant ants. His expression showed no emotion, as if the chase and their escape meant nothing to him at all.
“He… How did he catch up to us?” one soldier stammered, his teeth chattering with terror. The dry rations in his hand dropped to the ground. He turned to run, but was so terrified that his legs went weak and he collapsed on the ground.
Tristan, Matthias, and Nathaniel shot to their feet, placing their hands on their weapons. Color drained from their faces, leaving their eyes wide with shock and despair.
They had pushed themselves to their limits, fleeing for an entire day. Yet, they never imagined they still wouldn’t be able to escape that terrifying monster.
Thymaleon said nothing. He didn’t even glance at them, barely registering their panicked expression. Instead, he simply raised his right hand and pressed it downward toward them.
Following his movement, the sky seemed to collapse instantly. An enormous palm appeared out of nowhere, like a mountain peak blocking out the sun and sky. It carried world-destroying momentum as it smashed down toward everyone.
That palm was covered with dense patterns and emanated terrifying pressure. The surrounding air was compressed, producing crackling sounds. Leaves were shaken loose and fell in all directions. The ground began shaking violently.
“It’s over…” Tristan said, closing his eyes.
His heart was filled with despair. He could clearly feel that terrifying power and knew he had no way to resist it. All he could do was watch helplessly as death approached.
Matthias and Nathaniel’s expressions twisted in despair. They gripped their weapons tighter but couldn’t summon the courage to fight back. The soldiers were even more frightened out of their wits, extremely alarmed.
Just when that enormous palm was about to crush everyone, and all had fallen into despair, a brilliant golden sword aura suddenly came whistling from the distant horizon.
Like a meteor in the night, it howled through the air with piercing force, covering miles in an instant before slamming hard into the massive palm.
###Chapter 2665
An earth-shattering explosion echoed across the sky, causing the entire Elysium Isle to shake violently. When the golden sword aura struck the enormous palm, a blinding flash erupted. It was as brilliant as the sun, forcing everyone to look away.
Shockwaves spread outward with the force of an avalanche. Towering old trees were ripped from the earth as rock and debris became deadly missiles. The ground split apart, opening black chasms that seemed to swallow light itself.
Tristan, Matthias, and Nathaniel were blasted backward by the aftershock. They slammed into the ground hard and coughed up blood. Despite their injuries, they forced themselves to look up toward the source of the brilliant light.
Above them, the golden sword aura and giant palm remained in a deadlock. Golden light wove together with the white radiance from the palm. The two forces clashed with a sharp, sizzling sound.
Thymaleon’s face showed surprise for the first time. He frowned slightly, looking toward where the golden sword aura had originated.
His eyes now held a trace of seriousness. Obviously, he hadn’t expected anyone on Elysium Isle to be capable of blocking his attack.
Moments later, the golden sword aura flared brighter. It tore through the massive palm, then scattered into golden points of light that faded away.
Thymaleon hovered in midair, staring at the golden sword aura that had destroyed his palm strike. The indifference in his eyes disappeared completely for the first time.
His slender fingers curled slightly. That apparently casual palm strike had actually concentrated 30% of his power since awakening. It was a force that an ordinary ultimate grandmaster would find difficult to withstand, not to mention totally destroying it.
“Interesting,” Thymaleon murmured. His cold voice finally carried a hint of emotion.
He looked toward where the sword aura had originated. The dense forest lay shrouded in swirling mist, but he could detect a subtle presence of the sword aura. It felt restrained yet threatening, like a dormant dragon.
His deep eyes narrowed. The glowing aura that surrounded him began to ripple as his emotions stirred.
Obviously, whoever had just interfered possessed strength that far exceeded his initial assessment. Compared to the worthless ordinary people below, that unknown fighter might actually deserve to be called an opponent.
Thymaleon didn’t bother looking at Tristan and the others again. He dismissed them completely, like they were nothing more than dirt beneath his notice.
His body shifted. The white glow around him suddenly flared to blinding intensity. His entire form became a streak of brilliant radiance, like a meteor streaking across the sky as he rocketed toward the forest depths.
Thymaleon moved at an astonishing pace. Only a brief afterimage lingered in his original position, accompanied by the sharp sound of air being ripped apart. Then he vanished beyond the horizon.
With one hand pressed to his chest, Tristan rose from the ground and watched the brilliant streak rocket into the distance. His eyes went so wide with amazement that they looked ready to pop.
He stumbled against a nearby tree trunk for support. Crusted blood still marked his lips as he said, voice trembling, “That’s… That’s it? He just left?”
The crushing weight of that overwhelming power still hung in the air, yet Thymaleon had just turned and left. The sudden change was too much for Tristan to wrap his head around.
Nathaniel also struggled to his feet, smoothing out his robes where the energy blast had left them wrinkled. His expression was clouded with confusion and concern.
“That golden sword aura was definitely no ordinary technique,” he said. “Anyone capable of forcing that monster to voluntarily retreat must possess unfathomable strength.” 1
He recalled the despair he had felt when that enormous palm came down, and he still felt shaken by it. If that sword aura hadn’t appeared at the crucial moment, they would have been crushed long ago.
Matthias’ grip on his sword slowly relaxed. The red marks where his knuckles had pressed against the handle were clearly visible.
He stared in the direction where the light had disappeared and said grimly, “So Elysium Isle really does hide secrets. That monster already had abilities like an immortal, but there are even stronger beings on this island. It’s truly frightening.
At that thought, a complicated expression flashed in his eyes. Milton limped over to the three brothers using a broken branch for support. He was breathing hard, but his expression was deadly serious.
“Years ago, I heard the late King said that Elysium Isle was a place where immortals once lived. It also hides many shocking secrets. Perhaps the one who just intervened was truly a legendary immortal who guards the island.”
His words sent murmurs among the soldiers. Their faces revealed both the relief of having survived the catastrophe and curiosity about the mysterious and powerful figure.
Thymaleon, who had transformed into streaking light, was already passing through layers of dense forest. The old trees along his path all leaned to both sides under the impact of the airflow surrounding him, and fallen leaves scattered everywhere like a tide.
After 15 minutes, he slowed down and landed beside an open lakeside clearing. The lake water was crystal clear, reflecting the pale clouds in the sky. A dozen tents had been pitched on the lakeside grass. A treasure-hunting party was encamped there.
But what stood out most was the lingering deadly sword aura in the air around the camp. Though most of it had faded, what remained carried a bone-deep chill that felt sharp enough to slice through flesh.
Thymaleon slowly walked toward the camp. His gaze swept over several guards who were cleaning their weapons outside the tents. Then, he finally focused on the stone table in the center of the camp.
A man in white robes sat there, with his head lowered as he wiped a long sword. His clothing was plain, but his frame was straight as a pine tree. Even when sitting casually, he radiated a natural ease and nobility that seemed to be born within him.
His profile was sharply defined with aristocratic features. He had a high-bridged nose, and his thin lips pressed into a distant expression.
When he looked up, his clear eyes met Thymaleon’s gaze. They were calm, unreadable, but there was an intensity there that seemed to miss nothing. The blade caught the sunlight, gleaming as cold and bright as its master.
Thymaleon studied the man in white, surprise flickering in his eyes before he spoke slowly. “I didn’t expect to find someone like you on Elysium Isle.”
The man in white heard the voice and slowly set down his sword. He raised his head to look at Thymaleon with a faint smile.
It was Dustin. He had just arrived on the island.
###Chapter 2666
Dustin smiled as his fingers traced the cloud patterns carved into his sword scabbard. He said calmly, “Since you have awakened from your slumber, why are you angry with mortals?”
His gaze swept over the white light surrounding Thymaleon. Those clear eyes seemed to pierce right through him, as if they could read the centuries written in his very bones.
Dustin’s sword absorbed the sunlight’s warmth, and the turquoise stones along its scabbard seemed to pulse with soft light. A gentle fragrance of herbs and wood drifted from the blade, which was the complete opposite of the harsh, ancient power that surrounded the handsome man.
Thymaleon’s surprise deepened. Since being awakened from the slumber, only a few days had passed.
Apart from being disturbed by that earlier sword aura, he’d avoided all contact with mortals. Yet somehow Dustin knew about his long slumber. That level of insight forced Thymaleon to reassess who he was dealing with.
“You know who I am?” he asked curiously.
The glow surrounding him seemed to intensify, pulling closer to his body. The soft, wavering light suddenly snapped into focus. It became solid and bright as polished stone. Its edges looked razor-sharp now, and the temperature around him dropped noticeably.
“I don’t, but I’ve heard the rumors about Elysium Isle,” Dustin said, setting his cleaned sword on the stone table.
The rumors he’d heard claimed that immortals slept on the island. Those fortunate enough might receive an elixir from the immortal himself, while the unlucky ones would be killed instantly.
“You’re certainly well-informed,” Thymaleon replied. “Though I wonder…how long will you last in a fight with me?”
As soon as his words fell, the air around him grew heavy and oppressive. Dark clouds swept across the previously clear sky. The reeds around the water bent low under invisible pressure.
He rose another six inches while hovering, and his robes snapped loudly in the air currents. His black hair broke free from its band and streamed wildly in the white light. His entire presence radiated suffocating pressure.
The amusement in Dustin’s eyes instantly disappeared. He didn’t stand up, just sat there quietly. But invisible ripples suddenly began emanating from around his body.
Those ripples were invisible to the naked eye. Still, tiny waves appeared on the tea, and the tent curtains began to flutter.
Thymaleon’s airborne figure suddenly froze. His eyes closed partway, giving him the appearance of someone falling asleep. Only the white light flowing around his body continued to rise and fall slowly, with rhythmic precision.
The guards bustling around the camp sensed something was wrong. They stopped their work and emerged from their tents, spreading out to investigate the scene.
“Who is that man? What’s with those old-fashioned robes?” someone asked. “Anyone who can float in the air that long has to be at least a grandmaster martial artist,” another replied.
“No. Judging from that crushing presence he exudes, he must be at least an ultimate grandmaster,” a third commented.
Looking at the airborne figure of Thymaleon, the soldiers discussed among themselves for a while, sharing a range of opinions.
At that moment, a tent curtain was gently lifted aside. Grace walked out wearing a light purple long dress.
The instant she appeared, she detected the strange atmosphere permeating the air. It wasn’t the violent energy of spiritual power collisions. Instead, it was rather a deeper, more intangible sense of oppression that made even breathing difficult.
The female guard, Judith Cross, stood beside Grace and frowned. Her right hand was already pressing against the short sword at her waist. The anti-slip texture patterns on the sword hilt had grown hot from her tight grip.
Seeing Dustin and Thymaleon standing motionless, Judith wanted to move forward to investigate the situation.
“Don’t move,” Grace said grimly, grabbing Judith’s wrist. Even her normally gentle features had taken on a stern cast as she added, ” Whatever you do, don’t approach them.”
“Ms. Linsor, what’s wrong?” Judith asked, confused.
“The cultivation levels of those two are far beyond what you can imagine. Right now, even though they haven’t actually made a move, they’ve already begun a battle of mental energy. Anyone who rashly approaches will be killed instantly,” Grace answered.
“Huh?” Judith was startled and didn’t dare take another step forward. When she looked at Dustin and Thymaleon again, her gaze now carried several degrees more awe and fear.
She followed Grace’s gaze and indeed discovered that the air around the two men seemed somewhat different. The sunlight shining there actually created faint distortions, like looking at things through steam from hot water. Even the play of light and shadow by the lakeside became blurred.
From the corner of her eye, Judith caught sight of a white crane flying low over the lake.
The bird moved with natural grace, its pristine white feathers catching the sunlight. As its wings skimmed the water’s surface, they scattered droplets that sparkled in the air. Then it flew directly toward where Dustin and Thymaleon stood.
The crane seemed completely unaware of the danger ahead. It maintained its unhurried flight while letting out clear, musical calls. The instant the bird entered the 30-foot radius around the two men, something horrifying occurred.
Without any sound or warning, the bird’s body suddenly contorted as if crushed by an invisible giant hand. Its graceful form twisted violently, white wings exploding outward in a burst of feathers. Then its entire body expanded into a cloud of blood and mist.
Fragments of feathers and flesh drifted down like macabre snow. The crane hadn’t even managed a final cry before it completely disintegrated.
###Chapter 2667
The crane dissolved into a cloud of blood, and the camp fell into a deathly silence. Judith’s scream caught in her throat as she gripped the dagger so tightly her knuckles went white.
Just moments ago, she had admired the crane’s graceful movements. Now she watched in horror as the blood drifted on the wind, and white feathers mixed with bits of flesh fell across the grass. The sight sent a bone-deep chill down her spine, making her shiver.
“Ms. Linsor, thank goodness you stopped me. Otherwise…” she trailed off. If she had taken another step closer, she would have ended up like the crane, reduced to nothing more than a cloud of blood. The realization filled her with lingering dread.
With a grim expression, Grace said, ” That’s what makes mental confrontations between high-level experts so terrifying. Their mental energy has reached the point where it can form physical domains.
“Anything alive that wanders in gets crushed to nothing, like a bug underfoot. There won’t even be bones left behind.”
The soldiers around them no longer dared to talk, and they stepped back several paces. Their eyes were fixed on the two figures in the air, wide with a mixture of awe and pure terror.
No one dared make a sound, and even their breathing became shallow. They were terrified of disturbing the two powerful beings locked in their standoff.
By now, Dustin and Thymaleon’s consciousness had fully entered the mental realm. Inside, there was no sky and no ground. Only an endless expanse of deep blue ocean.
The sea was eerily calm, like a solidified sapphire. No sunlight touched the surface. From time to time, a low rumble rose from the depths, setting faint ripples spreading outward. There was no wind, but an invisible pressure seemed to press down on them. Each breath felt like swallowing shards of ice.
Dustin stood on a small gray-blue boat forged from condensed sword aura. Its hull was sharp as a blade, and with every sway on the waves, it carved shallow sword marks across the water’s surface.
He wore white robes that stood out starkly against the endless blue. The longsword in his hand gleamed with a cold, biting azure light. The cloud-like patterns on its blade pulsed softly with his breathing.
Thymaleon hovered across a hundred yards away. The white glow around him transformed into the form of a massive white whale.
Its body glimmered with a pearl-like sheen. With a single flick of its tail, it whipped up waves nearly 30 feet high. The crests carried sharp mental shocks, like countless tiny swords sweeping straight toward Dustin.
“That’s all you’ve got? And you dare to stop me?” Thymaleon’s voice echoed through the mental realm.
Dustin narrowed his eyes as he gripped his sword hilt. The blade let out a low hum, and a surge of cyan sword aura shot from the prow of his boat, slicing the towering wave clean in half.
But the white whale surged forward, maw gaping open. A pitch-black vortex swirled in its throat. It seemed as if it was meant to consume every trace of mental energy.
Even the surrounding seawater was dragged into the spiral.
Dustin tapped the boat with his toes and shot into the air like a streak of light. While dodging the vortex, he unleashed a barrage of sword auras that rained down on the whale.
Yet the moment they struck its body, the white glow dissolved them. Only faint marks remained, as if the attacks had done nothing more than tickle.
“Your mental energy may be strong, but it’s raw and unrefined. You lack control,” Dustin said evenly. His tone left no room for doubt.
As soon as his words fell, his mental energy suddenly spread outward. The sea erupted with countless cyan sword pillars, rising like a forest and locking the white whale in place. The sword aura radiating from them was so fierce that the water around them began to boil.
Thymaleon snorted coldly. “Lack of control? I don’t need it when dealing with you,” he retorted, forming hand seals.
The whale’s body burst into blinding white light and swelled several times over before crashing into the sword pillars.
A thunderous boom shook the mental realm. When the whale and pillars collided, seawater evaporated in an instant. Black cracks split open across the ocean floor, spewing chaotic energy that slithered out like venomous snakes.
Dustin remained calm and unhurried. He flicked his wrist, and the giant sword shattered into countless shards of sword aura. They swarmed through the chaos like bees and streaked straight toward Thymaleon.
Ruthlessness flashed in Thymaleon’s eyes. This time, he held nothing back. The glow around him tightened, and the entire sea quaked.
From the depths, a massive whirlpool rose. It spun with destructive force, twisting faster and faster until even space itself began to warp
“Go to hell!” he roared furiously.
Suddenly, the ocean eye vortex ground toward Dustin. Everywhere it passed, the seawater was completely sucked dry, leaving only a pitch-black void.
Dustin took a deep breath. All the sword auras around him gathered onto his longsword. The blade radiated brilliant cyan light and transformed into a cyan sword dragon.
As the sword dragon roared, the patterns on its scales stood out clearly. Its claws were as sharp as knives as it charged toward the ocean eye vortex.
As soon as the sword and ocean eye vortex collided, the entire mental realm seemed to be on the verge of collapse.
The deep blue seawater surged upward in reverse, forming water walls thousands of yards high. Cracks split the ocean, and countless mental fragments scattered like meteors.
A terrifying shockwave expanded outward, and Dustin’s mental boat shattered instantly. He staggered back several steps, a trace of pale gold blood seeping from the corner of his mouth. This was mental-level damage that even affected his physical body in reality.
Thymaleon’s illusory white whale also dissipated by more than half. He hovered in midair, his breathing unsteady. His chest heaved violently, and his eyes widened in shock.
He hadn’t expected this seemingly ordinary man in white robes to have mental energy strong enough to withstand his full-power strike.
Both men were thrown back by the shockwave, landing at opposite ends of the mental ocean and facing each other across the distance.
The ocean continued to surge violently, chaotic mental currents rampaging everywhere. Yet neither made another move. They simply stared at each other coldly, and the tension in the air grew thicker by the second.
###Chapter 2668
Thymaleon’s eyes narrowed, his expression growing more serious. “You’ve got some skill.” “You’re not bad yourself,” Dustin replied.
His face remained calm, though surprise flickered inside. Since breaking through to the realm of terrestrial immortals, he’d never met an opponent who could withstand even a single exchange. He hadn’t expected to encounter someone at his level in Elysium Isle.
“Come again!” Thymaleon barked. White light gathered around him once more. The shattered whale phantom didn’t vanish. Instead, it split into thousands of silver-white fish. Their fins gleamed with sharp edges as they darted through the water, weaving an airtight net of light.
With a flick of his fingers, the net snapped shut. The fish shrieked in unison and rushed toward Dustin’s sword platform. Their passage tore thin cracks through the seawater.
Dustin’s gaze sharpened. He turned his wrist, and his sword carved three smooth arcs. The platform beneath him shot nearly 1,000 feet into the air.
From the water below, countless azure sword peaks erupted upward. Each was sharp as a blade, breaking through the net like spears thrust from the deep.
The light-fish slammed into the peaks and burst into fragments of white light. More followed without pause, hammering against the formation in a relentless storm. Metallic clinks rang out in rapid succession.
Thymaleon snorted coldly and formed a hand seal. “Whale Devour Annihilation!” he roared.
The scattered light converged above Dustin’s head, reforming into a massive illusory white whale that was several times larger than before. Its maw opened wide, revealing a pitch-black vortex that spun faster and unleashed a suction far stronger than earlier.
The sword platform under Dustin’s feet shook violently. Cracks split through the surrounding sword peaks. Even the corners of his robes whipped and snapped in the pull.
He took a deep breath. Sword aura surged around him, and his body blazed into a streak of azure light. He shot forward, plunging straight into the giant waves and flames.
“Sword Dance!” Dustin roared. His figure wove between fire and ice shards in constant motion. The sword aura from his blade formed an impenetrable barrier, shattering ice spears and splitting flames apart.
Every strike landed at the perfect moment, as he slipped past the deadliest attacks while striking at the whale’s vital points. Wherever his blade cut through, the white glow around the whale faded, leaving wounds that ran to the bone.
Back in the real world, the atmosphere at the lakeside camp had frozen to its breaking point.
Thymaleon floated in midair, his robes billowing without wind. The white light around him surged violently, sending ripples across the air.
Wherever the ripples spread, grass withered and stones cracked. His pale cheeks were flushed an unnatural red, and pale gold liquid seeped from the corner of his mouth. It was a clear sign of severe mental energy depletion.
Though Dustin sat with a deceptively still posture at the stone table, his body betrayed the turmoil within. His hands gripped tightly on his sword hilt until his knuckles turned white from the strain.
The air around him twisted and warped. The tea on the table had long since begun to boil. Water droplets broke free from gravity’s hold, hanging in the air as glittering beads that trembled with every wave of distortion.
“Ms. Linsor, look at their energy waves,” Judith said nervously. 1
She could clearly see that the space between the two men seemed stretched and warped. When sunlight passed through this area, it refracted into rainbow halos. Everything inside those halos was slowly changing.
The lake’s water level began dropping, and the soil gradually hardened like stone. Even the air carried bone-chilling cold.
“Their mental energy is already close to breaking its limit,” Grace said grimly. “If this continues, the whole lakeside will be flattened.”
The two surging waves of light slammed together again, and an invisible shockwave burst outward.
Ancient trees at the edge of the camp snapped in half. Splinters flew, and guards threw themselves to the ground, clutching their heads as if under crushing mental pressure.
At that moment, Thymaleon’s floating body jerked. The white ripples spread even wider. Cracks split across the ground to the lake’s edge, where the water boiled and poured out clouds of white mist.
The stone table under Dustin shattered. His white robes turned pure azure in the glow. The twisting air around him grew so intense that even light struggled to pass through.
The guards had already retreated miles away. From a distance, they stared at the dreamlike battlefield with faces full of fear and awe.
Grace’s frown deepened. She could feel that terrifying mental pressure climbing rapidly, as if it would explode at any moment.
Without warning, the churning ripples suddenly began to recede like a retreating tide. A moment later, two blinding rays of light burst from the men’s bodies.
As thunder cracked across the sky, Dustin and Thymaleon opened their eyes at the same time.
###Chapter 2669
Two blinding beams of light exploded by the lakeside like miniature suns. The world dimmed, and even the howling wind seemed to freeze.
Thymaleon’s body shuddered. A line of brilliant crimson slid slowly from his left nostril, spreading across his robe like an eerie blood flower.
He reflexively raised his hand, then brushed past his nose and stared at the blood staining his fingertips. His normally cold eyes filled instantly with rage.
He had never suffered such humiliation. Not only had he failed to suppress his opponent in their mental energy clash, but he had also been the one left injured.
“Go to hell!” Thymaleon’s roar cracked like thunder. The white light around him flared brighter. The clear sky darkened suddenly as roiling clouds gathered. Purple lightning writhed through the darkness like serpents, crackling sharply.
He raised a single hand to the storm, palm aimed at the churning clouds. His remaining spiritual energy surged in wild resonance with the thunder ripping through the sky.
Bolts of lightning, each as thick as a tree trunk, poured down from the clouds and converged in Thymaleon’s palm like tributaries merging into a raging river.
In the fury of the storm, a spear began to take shape, formed entirely from purple lightning. It stretched 30 feet long
The tip was sharp as a blade and flickered with destructive light. Dense, intricate runes coiled along the shaft, each one flowing with electric current and radiating suffocating pressure.
The air around him twisted and warped under the heat. The lake water boiled violently, sending up billowing white steam.
The ground cracked outward from Thymaleon in a spiderweb pattern, and broken stones floated in the air, pulled upward by the thunderforce.
“That’s… The power to command lightning.”
The onlookers’ expressions instantly changed. Staring at the spear, like the fury of a storm made real, they froze in terror.
When the lightning spear fully solidified, Thymaleon suddenly tensed. His veins bulged along his arm, and he hurled the weapon toward Dustin, sitting at the stone table.
The spear tore through the sky, ripping the air into a black scar. White mist along its path vaporized instantly. Smaller bolts of lightning scattered from the shaft, blasting craters into the ground. Even the surrounding space rippled like water, as if it might collapse at any moment.
Facing this terrifying strike, Dustin didn’t retreat. Instead, fierce battle intent ignited in his eyes.
He shot to his feet. His sword hummed in his hand as a green sword aura erupted around him like a volcano, blasting the shattered stone table in all directions.
“Great timing,” he shouted. He gripped his sword with both hands and poured every ounce of his mystical energy into the blade. The cloud patterns etched on the sword flared to life, materializing into a roaring azure dragon that coiled around the steel, its cry echoing to the sky.
“Azure Dragon Breaker!” Dustin roared, flicking his wrist.
The sword, carrying the green dragon, shot forward to meet the lightning spear head-on. It sliced through the air at incredible speed, leaving only an afterimage. The dragon opened its massive jaws, baring razor-sharp fangs, ready to challenge the thunder itself.
Dustin moved his wrist slightly. The sword, carrying its green dragon, shot forward to meet the lightning spear head-on. It sliced through the air at incredible speed, leaving only an afterimage. The dragon opened its massive jaws, baring razor-sharp fangs, ready to challenge the thunder itself.
The moment they collided, time seemed to freeze. A soundless shockwave of energy rippled outward, instantly flattening the camp tents by the lakeside. Ancient trees hundreds of years old snapped like fragile toothpicks, splinters flying in every direction.
Then a deafening boom shook the air.
Green sword aura and purple lightning tangled violently in the sky. They formed a massive sphere of energy. Light flashed continuously within it, radiating world-ending power.
The watching crowd pressed their hands tightly over their ears, yet waves of pain still throbbed through their eardrums.
They stared helplessly as the energy sphere in mid-air kept expanding. The space around it twisted more violently with each moment, and even sunlight could not penetrate.
Just as the sphere was about to burst, Dustin’s eyes sharpened. His spiritual energy surged, and the green sword dragon swelled several times its size. It slammed fiercely into the tip of the lightning spear.
A sharp crack rang out. The runes on the lightning spear began to shatter, and the purple lightning gradually dimmed
Thymaleon’s expression changed drastically. He tried to recall his spear but discovered a powerful sword aura was rushing back along the weapon toward him, numbing his entire arm.
Before he could react, Dustin had already used the sword aura’s rebound force to transform into a streak of green light, racing down along the lightning spear’s shaft.
The sharp whistle of his sword cutting through the air made eardrums ache. The sword aura around him formed a sharp cone that pierced straight through the not-yet-dissipated thunderforce.
“No…” Thymaleon’s pupils contracted sharply, his face filled with shock. He tried to dodge but found his body locked firmly in place by the sword aura domain. He couldn’t move at all.
All he could do was watch as Dustin lunged toward him like an arrow from a bow, sword in hand. The blade pierced Thymaleon’s chest with a wet sound and emerged from his back.
Green sword aura surged through the sword tip into his body, instantly destroying his circulatory pathways and spiritual energy core.
Thymaleon’s body went rigid. He stared at the sword wound in his chest. Blood poured continuously from the injury, soaking his white robes.
The rage and arrogance in his eyes had long since been replaced by terror. He opened his mouth as if to speak, but only a ragged wheeze escaped.
His body began trembling violently. The white light around him receded like a tide. Light flickered beneath his skin, as if something inside was about to explode.
Thymaleon exploded. Blood, flesh, and bone fragments scattered in all directions. They fell onto the lakeside grass and into the water, staining the entire area red.
The white light that had been hovering in midair vanished completely, leaving only a thick smell of blood and a faint trace of spiritual energy.
The energy sphere lost its support and burst simultaneously. Countless tiny lights scattered like shooting stars, falling to the ground as glowing sparks before quickly disappearing.
Silence finally returned to the lakeside. Only the rustle of wind through leaves and the sound of flowing water remained.
Dustin slowly sheathed his sword. Blood dripped from the blade’s tip, forming a small pool on the ground.
###Chapter 2670
Dustin exhaled sharply, relief washing over him. He had finally dealt with it. Facing an opponent at his own level for the first time was no easy task.
Even stranger, there was some peculiar power inside Thymaleon’s body, much unlike a grandmaster’s internal energy. It was a completely different kind of energy, something that defied description. Either way, the threat was eliminated.
Footsteps sounded in the distance. Grace and the others emerged cautiously from the edge of the forest. Their eyes swept over the devastation, and fear lingered in their expressions.
The clash of lightning and sword aura had been so intense that even distant observers felt as if their hearts were being crushed.
As they approached the battlefield, they saw scorched earth still warm beneath their feet. The lake water along the shore had been stained red, and the metallic tang of blood hung in the air. Everything spoke silently of how brutal the fight had been.
Judith hurried to Dustin’s side. She stared at the scattered chunks of flesh on the ground, her voice still shaking.
“Mr. Rhys, who… Who was that man? How could he summon lightning and wield such terrifying power?”
She recalled the crane that had exploded into bloody mist. Even now, cold fear crawled down her spine. If Dustin hadn’t intervened, their entire group would already be dead at Thymaleon’s hands.
Dustin sheathed his sword and frowned.
“I don’t know his exact identity,” he replied. “But judging from his words and the nature of his power after he woke, he is most likely a guardian of Elysium Isle.”
“A guardian of Elysium Isle?” Grace repeated the words quietly, her delicate features growing serious.
She had to admit, Elysium Isle was crawling with danger. When they first landed on the western shore, they had come across a seemingly harmless field of pale pink flowers. The petals danced in the wind, releasing a sweet fragrance.
But two of their guards had accidentally inhaled just a few breaths and immediately froze in place. If they hadn’t been carrying antidote pills, both men would have died.
Last night, they heard children’s laughter echoing through the trees while camping in the woods. Following the sound, they found only a few plants called “Wailing Soul Grass” that could mimic human voices.
The sounds from the plants could trap people in illusions they couldn’t break free from. Even Grace had almost fallen for it. If Dustin hadn’t been there to protect them, they would all have become fertilizer.
“Elysium Isle is full of mysteries. No one knows what lies on the island,” Dustin warned.
He added, “We need to be even more careful. This place just witnessed a major battle. The fluctuations in spiritual energy will attract other dangerous creatures. We can’t stay here. We need to leave quickly and find somewhere hidden to make camp.
“Mr. Rhys, you’re right,” Grace agreed. She immediately ordered the guards to pack up the remaining supplies from their camp.
As Dustin turned to leave, his gaze drifted unconsciously toward the northeast. With his spiritual sense, he could clearly detect the location of Matthias’ group.
He had intervened for two reasons. First, he had sensed powerful fluctuations in energy. Second, he recognized Matthias and his two brothers.
Dustin had conned quite a bit of money and treasure from them in the past, which left him feeling slightly guilty Seeing them in danger now, lending a hand seemed harmless enough.
However, he had underestimated Thymaleon’s strength. If he had to choose again, he wasn’t sure he would interfere.
Once the camp was cleared, Grace’s group quickly departed. After everyone had gone and the sky darkened, the lakeside fell silent again.
Evening wind swept across the grass, lifting a few blood-stained leaves. They drifted to rest near the scattered remains of Thymaleon’s body. Then something bizarre happened.
Chunks of flesh and bone fragments, scattered on the ground and in the lake, began moving as if drawn by an invisible force. They slowly converged from all directions.
Small pieces of flesh stuck together first, followed by the bones. Even the fragments floating on the lake drifted toward shore with the current, merging into the body as it took shape.
Moonlight filtered through the trees, illuminating the form as it was reborn. Flesh and bone healed visibly. Skin grew over the skeleton. Torn fragments of his white robe came together, weaving back into complete garments.
About 15 minutes later, Thymaleon, whose body had been utterly obliterated by Dustin’s sword, now stood whole once more upon the scorched earth. Compared to before, his face was as pale as paper, and he looked completely drained.
The secret technique he had used to revive himself had nearly drained his vital essence. He wouldn’t be able to recover for at least ten years. It was a crushing humiliation.
“Just you wait,” Thymaleon muttered through clenched teeth, staring in the direction Dustin’s group had gone. Cold killing intent flashed in his eyes. “I will have my revenge for today’s disgrace.”
After a short rest, his form flickered. He became a beam of white light and vanished into the depths of the forest.
###Chapter 2671
Thymaleon, weakened from reassembling his body, transformed into a dim streak of white light and flew toward a hidden valley in the southeast.
Under the moonlight, his figure no longer looked transcendent and graceful. Instead, he appeared hurried and disheveled.
He passed through layers of primitive jungle shrouded in eerie mist and swept over several marshes lurking with dangerous presences. Finally, he reached his destination.
The valley’s entrance was blocked by dense vines and bizarre stone formations. Unless someone knew the path, they would never be able to find it.
Thymaleon chanted an obscure incantation. His fingertips barely gathered a trace of light, which he pressed into the empty air.
As the ripples spread outward, the vines and stones twisted and vanished, revealing a narrow opening just wide enough for one person.
The cave inside was deep and dark. Strange gemstones embedded in the stone walls on both sides emitted a soft, white glow, illuminating the way forward. The passage descended steadily, leading deep into the mountain’s belly.
After walking for roughly half an hour, the space opened up. Before him stretched a massive underground chamber.
At its center was an intricate teleportation array carved from a single enormous block of stone. The patterns were ancient, and a soft, glowing energy flowed through them.
Thymaleon staggered onto the array and channeled what little spiritual energy remained in his body into the core of the formation. A low hum resonated, followed by a blinding pulse of white light, and his form dissolved into nothingness.
After a brief sensation of spatial distortion, he emerged in a completely different world. This place was the heart of Elysium Isle. It was a paradise sealed off by powerful forces from the outside world.
The sky was pure azure blue with a few lazy clouds drifting across it. Warm, gentle sunlight bathed the land, forming a stark contrast to the dangerous and sinister areas outside the island.
Lush grass grew everywhere Spiritual springs babbled, and exotic flowers competed in brilliance. Rare beasts also wandered leisurely.
The air was thick with spiritual energy so concentrated it felt almost tangible. Just a single breath could invigorate the spirit.
At the center of this paradise stood a magnificent and imposing palace. The entire structure was constructed from warm stone and golden crystal. Its flying eaves and ornate brackets gleamed with soft yet dignified light. Ethereal mist surrounded the palace, and faint celestial music drifted from within.
Thymaleon’s face grew even paler. He straightened his wrinkled and stained robe, took a deep breath, and walked toward the palace gates.
The gates weren’t guarded by soldiers, but by two animated stone constructs in armor. Their eyes glowed red when they saw him, yet they didn’t block his way.
Passing through the grand entrance hall, the sounds of noisy extravagance hit Thymaleon head-on. The scene before him clashed completely with the immortal atmosphere outside the palace.
Inside the great hall, luxury reached its extreme. The floor was paved entirely with spiritual stone. Night-luminous pearls and coral trees decorated the surroundings. Most eye-catching of all was the massive ” wine pool and meat forest” at the hall’s center.
The pool didn’t contain ordinary water but amber-colored immortal wine that gave off a rich fragrance and spiritual energy. Around the pool’s edge grew a peculiar type of fruit tree
Instead of fruit, the branches bore perfectly sliced cuts of spirit beast meat that released tempting aromas. This was the “meat forest.”
Dozens of men and women dressed in sheer, gauzy clothing frolicked in the wine pool or lounged at its edge. They plucked delicacies from the meat forest, indulging themselves without restraint. Laughter and decadent music filled the entire hall.
At the center of this pleasure-seeking crowd, four people stood out. Their area seemed separate from the rest. Though the men and women around them continued their revelry, none dared approach too closely
From the four, one had an unusually massive build, nearly ten feet tall. He wore a black battle robe with dark gold patterns. His muscles were coiled like steel cables, radiating explosive power.
His face was rugged and handsome, with sword-like eyebrows and piercing eyes. His gaze was cold and commanding, as he looked down on all living things.
He lounged lazily on an enormous white recliner, surrounded by three or four breathtakingly beautiful women. They fed him crimson spiritual fruits.
To his left sat a man in a pink-purple robe. His features were delicate and androgynous. His fingers were slender. He casually played a lap harp. Its languid notes harmonized perfectly with the surrounding atmosphere. When his eyes moved, they carried a carelessly playful glint.
To the right was a man wearing a green long robe left open at the chest, exposing his muscular torso. His features were sharp and striking, a rebellious smile playing at his lips. He toyed with a wine cup in his hand, his sharp gaze seeming capable of seeing through people’s hearts.
There was also a woman nestled at the tall man’s feet. She wore a water-blue silk dress. Her face was devastatingly beautiful -the kind that could topple kingdoms.
Every movement of her eyebrows and every smile carried a soul-stirring charm. When her eyes swept across the room, seductive appeal radiated from her, yet it concealed a trace of barely perceptible sharpness.
These four people possessed perfect physical forms. The aura they emanated was as deep as an ocean. It was far beyond what ordinary martial artists could compare to. They seemed more like the legendary cultivators from stories.
When Thymaleon entered the hall, his face was pale and his breath weak. A few strands of gray hair appeared at his temples.
A hush spread through the hall. Many of the pleasure-seekers looked over with curiosity or awe. The four at the center naturally noticed him as well.
The androgynous man stopped playing his lap harp and chuckled softly.
“Well, well, if it isn’t our esteemed ‘ guardian’ Lord Thymaleon,” he said mockingly “What happened to you? Don’t tell me you went out for a stroll and tripped?”
###Chapter 2672
Talmor, the man in the long green robe, sneered. “Judging by how Thymaleon looks, I’m afraid his core power has likely been damaged. It’s unbelievable. Who else on Elysium Isle could injure him this badly besides us?”
The stunning woman, Valindra, covered her mouth and chuckled. Her eyes lingered on Thymaleon without saying a word.
Only the tall, broad-shouldered man, Malthor, remained expressionless. He slowly sat up and pushed the woman beside him aside.
His cold, piercing stare locked on Thymaleon. When he spoke, his voice was low and carried an edge that made everyone tense
“What happened?” he asked. Thymaleon trembled ever so slightly under the stares of the four people, especially Malthor’s.
Swallowing his humiliation, he stepped forward, dropped to one knee, and lowered his head. He recounted everything that had happened in full detail.
He told them how Tristan and the others had awakened him and how he’d casually slaughtered the mortals nearby. Then Dustin intervened, and their clash of mental energy ended with him at a disadvantage
In the end, he was killed by a lightning strike and was forced to use a secret life-preserving technique to rebuild his body.
As he spoke, the sneers from Lysander, the androgynous man, and Talmor gradually faded. Even Valindra’s smile disappeared and was replaced by a flicker of shock flashing in her eyes. None of them had expected such a troublesome figure to arrive from outside the island.
When Thymaleon finished, Malthor slammed his palm against the armrest of his white recliner.
A thunderous boom shook the entire hall. Ripples spread across the wine pool, and the men and women enjoying themselves froze in terror.
“Useless fool!” Malthor’s furious roar cracked like thunder. “You can’t even handle one outsider, and you were nearly beaten to the point of soul annihilation.
You’ve brought shame on all of us.”
Before he finished speaking, he launched a powerful kick from where he sat. Then, an invisible force slammed toward Thymaleon’s chest.
Thymaleon was too weak to resist. The blow sent him flying, and he crashed hard into a thick stone pillar. He spat out a mouthful of blood before sliding to the ground, battered and gasping
He lay there, coughing violently. His chest burned with pain, but the sting of humiliation cut even deeper. Hatred flickered in his eyes, though he didn’t dare let it show. He struggled back into a kneeling position, and his head bowed even lower.
Even at his peak, he wouldn’t have stood a chance against Malthor, let alone now.
“Calm down, Malthor,” Lysander said softly. “From what Thymaleon described, this person does have some skill and possibly someone on our level.”
Talmor said thoughtfully, “Anyone capable of defeating Thymaleon at his peak isn’t to be underestimated. Seems like our blood ritual attracted a much bigger prize than we expected.”
Malthor’s cold gaze swept over Thymaleon. The fury in his eyes cooled into something far more chilling. After a moment’s silence, he snapped his fingers, and a streak of golden light shot toward Thymaleon.
Thymaleon caught it reflexively. In his hand was a pill the size of a large marble, radiating rich vitality and tremendous spiritual power. The pill was of the highest quality, with faint dragon patterns visible on its surface.
“This is the Dragonblood Renewal Pill. It will restore nearly 80% of your strength,” Malthor said flatly. “Take it and get out of here. Find that man and the pests who disturbed our peace, and wipe them out.”
After a beat, he added coldly, “If you fail again… Don’t bother coming back. Find somewhere to rot and never show yourself again.”
Clutching the still-warm elixir in his hand, Thymaleon could feel the immense energy pulsing inside it. A rush of tangled emotions welled up in his chest. He was relieved to have survived, hungry for strength, and a deep, searing hatred burned inside him for Dustin, Tristan, and the others.
He bowed deeply, his voice hoarse but unwavering. “Got it, Malthor. I will not fail. I will bring that man’s head to you.”
Without daring to linger another moment, he struggled to his feet and quickly left the luxurious yet oppressive hall with his head down.
Valindra watched his retreating figure and spoke softly, her voice laced with honeyed allure. “Malthor, why waste a Dragonblood Pill on him? Let me go instead. Perhaps I can get twice the results with half the effort.”
Malthor leaned back in his recliner and closed his eyes, as if everything that had just happened was merely a trivial interlude.
He said indifferently, “Thymaleon may be useless, but at least he’s familiar with the enemy’s strength. One pill in exchange for a chance to probe the enemy’s capabilities is worth it. If he fails again…”
He scoffed and added, “Then we’ll have to reel in the fish ourselves. For now, keep the music up and let the dancers continue.”
The decadent melody filled the hall again, and the revelry of wine and feasting continued, as if nothing had happened. Beneath the rich aroma of wine and roasted meat, a faint, almost imperceptible trace of blood drifted in from beyond the doors.
###Chapter 2673
After leaving the lakeside carnage, Dustin, Grace, and the group moved with extreme caution. They threaded their way carefully through the dense, treacherous jungle.
The dangers of Elysium Isle far surpassed anything they’d imagined. Harmless-looking shrubs could suddenly whip out barbed tendrils, and vibrant flowers spewed clouds of paralyzing pollen. Even the soil underfoot might collapse without warning into churning quicksand ready to devour them whole.
Fortunately, Dustin, a man whose strength seemed limitless, was there to lead them. He seemed to sense danger before it struck, handling each threat with effortless ease and guiding the group safely through one deadly encounter after another.
After traveling for roughly a day and a night, the landscape suddenly opened up before them.
A vibrant green grove stretched before them. Slender trunks rose straight and tall, leaves rustling gently in a light mist. The air smelled fresh and clean. It was a sharp contrast to the dangers they had just left behind. The place felt unusually calm and peaceful, like a hidden sanctuary.
“This place… It’s so peaceful here,” Judith murmured, her tense nerves relaxing slightly.
Grace nodded slightly, though she remained vigilant. “When things seem too peaceful, trouble is never far behind. On Elysium Isle, the calmer a place seems, the more likely it hides unknown dangers.”
Dustin’s gaze swept across the grove. He noticed something, but kept it to himself. Then he motioned for the group to keep moving forward.
Deep within the grove, they came across a small clearing with a modest, fenced courtyard at the center. Inside, a little boy no older than six, with pigtails and a bright red top, swung leisurely on a wooden swing. He hummed a tuneless nursery rhyme, lost in his own world and full of innocent charm
Grace faltered for a moment, then took a few careful steps forward. Standing outside the fence, she tried to sound as calm and friendly as possible.
“Hello there. Are your parents home? We’re just passing through and wondered if we could trouble you for some water.”
The boy seemed oblivious to her question. Without even glancing at her, he kept swinging and humming
After hesitating for a while, she spoke a bit louder. “We mean no harm. We’re only here to ask for directions.”
He still ignored her and deliberately kicked the swing higher, making the ropes creak as if to show his annoyance.
Grace frowned slightly. Though she sensed something was off, she restrained herself and cautiously approached the fragile gate to investigate.
The moment her fingers brushed the wood, the boy let out a snort. His small face twisted with a deadly seriousness far beyond his age. Without looking back, he flicked his sleeve.
A condensed beam of azure internal energy shot out like an arrow, whistling through the air straight at Grace’s chest. The strike was ruthlessly sharp, powerful enough to pierce through stone with ease. If she’d been hit, she would have died on the spot.
The guards cried out in alarm, and Judith’s face went deathly pale. She wanted to rush forward to help but knew she’d never make it in time.
In that split second, Dustin, who had been standing quietly nearby, moved forward. Instead of drawing his sword, he simply pressed his index and middle fingers together and pointed forward.
With a pop, the deadly beam of azure internal energy stopped less than a foot away from Grace’s chest, as if it had slammed into an invisible wall. It shattered instantly and dissipated into wisps of breeze.
Grace broke out in a cold sweat and quickly retreated several steps back to Dustin’s side. The boy finally stopped swinging and turned around. His face was filled with shock and anger.
###Chapter 2674
The little boy glared at Dustin, his jet-black eyes looking him up and down. For someone so young, his voice was unexpectedly pompous and commanding.
“Huh? An outsider like you actually has some skill. You managed to block my casual strike?” Dustin remained calm. He lowered his hand and said evenly, “For someone so young, there’s no need to be so vicious. We can talk this through.”
“Vicious? Hmph! You trespass in my sanctuary, disturb my cultivation, and now you dare lecture me?” the boy snapped, clearly provoked by Dustin’s calm demeanor.
He stomped his foot and shot into the air like a cannonball. Curving his hands into claws, he lunged at Dustin’s head as an azure glow wreathed around his fingertips, whistling sharply.
This attack was far stronger than the last. The air warped where his claws passed, and invisible pressure bent the surrounding trees until they nearly snapped.
Dustin shook his head, with a trace of exasperation on his calm face. Without moving from his spot or making any attempt to evade, he simply raised his right hand, palm up, and gently pushed upward.
A gentle yet overwhelming force appeared from nowhere, and it instantly nullified the boy’s vicious claw strike.
The boy felt an irresistible pressure holding him in place. No matter how frantically he channeled his internal energy, he couldn’t descend an inch further. His entire body was suspended midair.
“You…” Shock and rage colored his features deep red. His internal energy surged violently around him as he prepared to unleash an even more powerful technique.
“That’s enough, kid!”
A clear, commanding voice rang out from above
Before the words faded, a figure in green descended into the courtyard as quietly as a falling leaf. It was an elderly man with a gaunt face, white hair, and a matching beard, dressed in a pale, faded robe
He first shot a stern glance at the little boy. “Do not be disrespectful!”
The boy seemed quite afraid of the elderly man. He reluctantly reined in his internal energy and landed back on the ground, lips pressed into a sulky pout. He shuffled to the side, though his eyes still glared defiantly at Dustin.
The elderly man then turned to Dustin, Grace, and the others with an apologetic look. “My lack of discipline has allowed my foolish apprentice to offend you all. I apologize for the trouble.”
Seeing his calm demeanor and sensing he meant no harm, Grace quickly replied, ” You’re too kind, sir. We were the ones who intruded.”
She hesitated a moment, then asked earnestly, “We risked our lives to reach this island in search of an elixir to save my father. Could you guide us and tell us where to find it?”
The elderly man studied her carefully for a moment. Then his gaze shifted to Dustin, who had remained calm and composed throughout. A barely perceptible flash of astonishment crossed the elderly man’s eyes.
He sighed and shook his head, saying, ” Miss, your devotion to your father is admirable. But please heed my warning. This place is a source of calamity and a land of great misfortune. It is not a sanctuary for seeking the elixir of immortality.
“That so-called elixir is nothing but an illusion, entangled with immense karmic consequences and terrible danger. Leave now while you still can before you venture too deep, and you may yet preserve your lives.”
Grace’s eyes gleamed with determination, and she said, “My father is critically ill, and his life is hanging by a thread. As long as there is a glimmer of hope, I will not give up. I would appreciate it if you could point us in the right direction. Even if the path ahead is filled with danger, I’m willing to trudge on.”
Seeing her unwavering determination, the elderly man fell silent for a moment. Then he let out another long sigh.
“Ah… The curse of destiny,” he lamented.
He raised his hand and pointed in a direction through the grove “Continue southeast from here until you reach a deep canyon. At the far end, you may find clues to what you seek. But remember, the closer you get, the greater the danger. Proceed with caution.”
Grace’s face lit up with joy. “Thank you so much for your guidance, sir.”
The elderly man waved his hand and said nothing. Sensing they shouldn’t overstay their welcome, Grace and the others expressed their gratitude again before hurrying off in the direction he had indicated.
Once their figures had disappeared deep into the grove, the little boy finally spoke up. “Master, why did you tell them and even give them directions? That bunch looks like they’re just destined to be’ sacrificial offerings.'”
The elderly man didn’t answer his question. Instead, he stared in the direction where Dustin had gone and frowned. A sharp gleam flickered in his clouded eyes as he murmured under his breath, his voice barely audible
“That man’s energy waves were restrained, yet they were as deep and unfathomable as the ocean. Every movement he made effortlessly neutralized the boy’s attack, and even I cannot gauge his true strength.
“Someone of his caliber suddenly appeared on this island. Could he possibly be the one referenced in those ancient manuscripts… the Dragon Slayer?”
A mountain breeze swept through, and the leaves rustled in response, as if echoing his earth-shaking whisper.
###Chapter 2675
After leaving the eerie forest, Grace and her group followed the elderly man’s directions and headed southeast.
The deeper they went into the grove, the denser the fog became. The leaves no longer rustled with their pleasant sound. Instead, an unsettling stillness hung in the air. The faint, fresh scent of the woods carried an underlying trace of something sickly sweet.
“Ms. Linsor, can we really trust what that elderly man said?” Judith asked, lowering her voice and glancing around warily. Grace shook her head, her expression tense. “It’s hard to tell, but this is the only clue we have,” she replied.
If Dustin, a terrestrial immortal realm powerhouse, hadn’t been with them, she never would have dared take the risk. After about an hour of walking, they finally spotted the deep canyon that the elderly man had told them about.
The entrance was narrow, flanked by towering black cliffs that seemed to have been carved with giant blades. Not a single plant grew on the barren rock walls, creating a stark contrast with the forest they had left behind.
A bone-chilling wind howled from the canyon’s depths, carrying a putrid stench of rot that made their skin crawl.
Dim light barely reached the interior. The canyon yawned before them like the open mouth of some monstrous beast, ready to devour any intruder
“This is the place,” Grace said, stopping in her tracks. She gazed at the dark entrance and took a deep breath, trying hard to suppress the unease stirring within her.
Whatever clue to the elixir they sought might lie within, but every instinct warned her the threats inside would dwarf everything they’d encountered so far. It could be worse than the carnivorous flowers, the wailing grass, and possibly even Thymaleon, who could control lightning.
The guards stared nervously at the foreboding canyon. Their hands tightened on their weapons, and their formation drew closer instinctively, bracing for whatever lay ahead
Grace turned to Dustin and asked, “Do you sense anything?”
“There’s something off about it,” he replied. His eyes narrowed as he peered into the darkness. When he tried probing with his divine sense, it was like dropping a pebble into an endless ocean. Some invisible force blocked and disrupted his perception, leaving only murky confusion.
“Follow behind me and stay alert,” Dustin said, giving no further explanation as he led the way into the canyon.
The group quickly followed, clustering closely behind him.
After entering the canyon, they could feel the temperature drop significantly. The cold wind seemed to penetrate their clothing and into their bones. The ground beneath their feet was soft and damp, swallowing every step in silence
Towering cliffs loomed on either side, blotting out the sky. Only a thin sliver of light filtered through a crack above, barely illuminating the path ahead. The air was thick with the stench of decay, now tinged with a sharp, sulfurous bite.
One of the guards accidentally kicked something, producing a crisp sound in the stillness. He looked down to find a segment of bleached-white bone, its shape suggesting it belonged to some large beast.
As they ventured deeper, they discovered an increasing number of skeletal remains scattered on the ground. Some were from beasts, while others were clearly human.
Shattered skulls and broken ribs lay half-buried in the mud, silent witnesses to the horrors that had unfolded inside there.
An unspoken dread began to creep into everyone’s hearts.
“Stay focused. Don’t let fear or dread distract you,” Dustin said. His voice rang out like a bell, carrying a soothing power that swept away some of the fear gnawing at their thoughts.
He could sense that the canyon harbored not only physical dangers but was also permeated by a negative energy that could erode one’s sanity.
After walking another half-mile, the canyon began to open up. The ground was now riddled with pits of varying sizes, filled with thick, bubbling black liquid. It turned out to be the source of the sulfuric stench.
In some areas, vividly colored plants twisted unnaturally from the ground. They moved without wind, as if alive.
Just then, a low, guttural roar echoed from the unfathomable depths of the canyon. It wasn’t loud, but it struck at their very souls, making hearts race and blood run cold.
Dustin stopped moving, his keen gaze locked on a sharp bend in the path ahead. Though his divine senses were being suppressed, he could still detect a powerful presence lurking just beyond. Its strength was likely on par with Thymaleon, but its energy wave was far more savage and chaotic
“Stay sharp,” he said slowly, his right hand resting lightly on the hilt at his waist. Upon seeing his solemnity, everyone’s hearts leap into their throats.
The guards drew their weapons and formed a tight defensive ring around Grace, their eyes locked on the bend ahead.
The low, guttural roar echoed again, but this time it sounded much closer. Accompanying it were heavy, dragging footsteps and the harsh scrape of chains grinding against stone. Then a nauseating wave of stench rolled toward them.
In the next moment, the shadows at the bend writhed. A massive, grotesque figure slowly emerged, radiating pure, unrestrained malice.
It was a terrifying monster, colossal in size and shaped like a lizard but with three heads. Its entire body was covered in black, metallic scales. Between the gaps in its armor, molten red light pulsed like flowing lava.
Six blood-red eyes burned like hot coals, filled with fury and a desire for destruction. Its limbs were as thick as pillars, claws digging deep into the ground. A spiked tail swayed behind it, lashing against the cliff walls and leaving deep gouges in the stone.
But the most arresting feature was the heavy black chains wound around its neck and limbs, etched with luminous runes. Those chains ran into the rock walls, anchoring the beast and restricting how far it could move.
Even though it was restrained, the crushing pressure rolling off it made everyone struggle to breathe, and their knees went weak with fear.
Only Dustin stood firm.
###Chapter 2676
The three-headed ferocious beast’s roar echoed through the narrow canyon, shaking loose stones from the jagged walls. Its six crimson eyes locked onto Dustin.
The middle head jerked back and unleashed a torrent of scorching dark-red flames reeking of sulfur toward him and his group like a flood of molten lava.
Before the flames even arrived, the terrifying heat warped the air, and shallow puddles on the ground evaporated instantly. The guards felt their hair curl and their skin prickle with intense heat.
“Fall back!” Dustin barked. Instead of retreating, he stepped forward, placing himself between the beast and the others. He didn’t draw his sword but pressed two fingers together and made a light sweeping motion through the air.
A razor-sharp crescent of cyan sword aura materialized out of thin air, tearing through the air with a piercing shriek as it met the surging flames head-on.
At the same time, his eyes sharpened. Within his consciousness, his mental energy condensed like a sword, easily shredding the beast’s mental assault into nothingness.
The beast choked on its own poisonous fog, growling and snarling with increasing fury. Its enormous frame rose on hind legs.
The chain-wrapped forelimbs swung down with crushing momentum toward Dustin like two enormous hammers. That single blow packed enough raw power to flatten a hillside
“Now we’re talking!” he said as a glint of battle intent finally flashed in his eyes. He no longer held back, and his right hand, which had been resting on his sword hilt, moved in a blur.
A clear, resonant sword cry, like the roar of a dragon, filled the canyon. The longsword at his waist left its scabbard, and its blade gleamed with a cold, lethal light.
There was no earth-shattering explosion.
The cyan sword aura sliced through the dark-red pillar of fire like a hot knife through butter, splitting it cleanly down the middle.
The divided flames streaked past either side of Dustin’s body. It scorched the cliff wall behind him, leaving him and the others unharmed. Seeing that, all three heads let out furious roars, and the other two heads sprang into action.
The left head spewed thick clouds of dark green, poisonous fog with a nauseating stench that was clearly toxic. The right head launched a silent mental assault directly at Dustin’s consciousness.
“Pathetic trick.”
Dustin remained calm. With a flick of his left sleeve, a surge of energy roared forward like a hurricane and swept the incoming poisonous fog back toward the beast.
Facing the beast’s crushing blow, Dustin didn’t dodge. With a flick of his wrist, his sword swept upward in a mysterious arc, and a condensed cyan sword aura shot into the sky.
“Sky Splitter!” he roared.
The condensed sword aura collided head-on with the beast’s claws with tremendous force. The impact sent shockwaves blasting outward like solid walls. The ground cracked and shattered, debris flying in all directions.
The beast let out a painful wail. Its claws-tough enough to withstand divine weapons -were severed cleanly at the wrists by that seemingly slender blade of condensed sword aura.
Dark-red blood gushed out like a waterfall. The severely wounded massive beast stumbled backward from the injury. All three heads thrashed wildly as it let out a howl of pure rage and pain.
Just as everyone thought it was on the verge of death, a sudden mutation occurred.
The dark, magma-like glow between the beast’s black scales flared into a blinding blaze, as if a volcano had erupted inside it. Its severed forelimbs twitched violently, but instead of regrowing claws, its entire body began to warp and twist.
Its overall size shrank, but its energy wave skyrocketed wildly. The scales covering its body became thicker and heavier, gleaming with a metallic coldness. With two sickening cracks, a pair of black-membrane-covered fleshy wings tore free from its back.
Amidst a grating sound of grinding bone, its three heads grotesquely merged into a single, more ferocious head adorned with bone spurs and a single horn. Its fangs grew longer and sharper. In its sole crimson eye, bestial violence remained, but now tinged with cunning and cruelty.
The beast had transformed from a massive ground-dwelling creature into a winged monstrosity roughly 30 feet tall with a 50-foot wingspan. It looked like something between a dragon and a lizard. Even its speed and agility had increased by several tiers.
“A second form?” Dustin muttered, raising an eyebrow.
The beast’s transformation was somewhat unexpected. He could sense that its strength, speed, and energy level had nearly doubled.
The fully evolved flying beast locked its single eye on Dustin. With a powerful beat of its wings, its body shot forward like a streak of black lightning and left afterimages. Its hooked claws aimed straight for his throat.
At the same time, the horn on its head glowed with an eerie light. A concentrated beam of black destructive energy fired ahead of the beast that aimed at his chest.
“Impressive speed,” Dustin commented casually, his figure blurring and vanishing from his original spot.
The black beam of destruction hit empty ground, carving a bottomless pit where he’d been standing.
In the next instant, he reappeared above and to the side of the beast. His sword flashed, releasing countless fine threads of cyan sword aura that rained down like a torrential downpour, blanketing the beast’s entire body.
The beast beat its wings, whipping up spiraling black winds to defend itself. Most of the sword aura was shredded by the winds, but some broke through and carved deep, bone-revealing gashes across its hardened scales.
The beast screeched in pain and fury, and a ruthless gleam flashed in its single eye. Ignoring its injuries, it suddenly reversed direction and opened its gaping maw.
A dense, nearly pitch-black sphere of energy coalesced in its mouth, radiating pure destruction. Even from a distance, Grace and the others felt it gnawing at their very souls.
###Chapter 2677
“I won’t let you complete that attack!” Dustin roared. His gaze hardened, and he no longer held back. The mystical pure energy inside him surged like a raging river as he channeled it into his longsword.
The sword let out a sharp hum as cyan light flared along its edge. A massive 100-foot-long spectral blade materialized above his head, condensing to a tangible solidity.
“Cut it down!” With a sweep of his fingers, the massive energy blade descended with devastating force toward the beast still charging its energy sphere.
Before the sword came crashing down, its overwhelming sword aura locked down the space around the beast, leaving it with no room to escape.
The flying beast sensed the lethal threat, and its single eye widened in terror. The energy sphere in its mouth hadn’t reached maximum power, but it was forced to spit it out early to meet the massive cyan energy blade.
An even more devastating explosion erupted. The entire canyon trembled as if on the verge of collapse.
The black energy sphere held against the cyan energy blade for barely a heartbeat before being split cleanly in two. The remaining sword momentum, without the slightest pause, slammed mercilessly onto the beast’s horn.
A crisp crack rang out, and its solid horn snapped. The energy blade continued downward, splitting the beast from head to tail.
The beast froze in midair, and the light in its eye rapidly dimmed. The next moment, its body split cleanly in two. Blood rained down as both halves crashed heavily to the ground. It twitched twice, then lay still.
“Is… Is it over?” one guard stammered, eyes locked on the severed carcass in disbelief.
Grace let out a sigh of relief, though her eyes never left the carcass. Something about it unsettled her. It had been too strange and too unnatural to die so easily. A faint dread stirred in her chest, warning her that this wasn’t over. Moments later, her unease proved right.
As the second form’s carcass began rapidly losing its luster and turning ashen, another transformation began.
The split body didn’t bleed much. It began to disintegrate like a dried sand sculpture, dissolving into wisps of black smoke. Instead of dissipating, the smoke rapidly converged and compressed toward the center.
An energy wave far more horrifying and suffocating than either of the previous forms-like an ancient demon awakening from eternal slumber-began to stir. Wherever the black smoke gathered, space itself distorted.
A blurry figure about the height of a man gradually took shape. It was no longer beast-like. Now it resembled something humanoid. But its body was covered in dark crimson armor that looked forged from molten lava and bone fragments.
Beneath its helmet burned two points of leaping scarlet flame. In its hand, it gripped a spear made of pure dark energy that constantly twisted and shifted form.
This third form of the “ferocious beast” radiated a restrained yet bottomless energy wave.
Those scarlet flame eyes coldly “looked” at Dustin. They held no emotion, only the purest will for slaughter and destruction. It just stood there, looking like the absolute master of darkness and death in the entire canyon.
Dustin felt the overwhelming pressure radiating from that figure. It was far beyond the previous forms, nearly matching the elderly man they met earlier.
The ease on his face finally faded. He slowly raised his sword, its tip leveled toward the dark, armored figure. His gaze became razor-focused.
Without a sound or warning, the dark-armored figure suddenly moved and thrust its twisted black spear forward. The movement seemed slow, yet it instantly crossed dozens of yards. Wherever the spear passed, the air itself split open, leaving a faint black scar in its wake.
A death intent refined to its essence-freezing and absolute-targeted Dustin, arriving soundlessly yet lightning-fast. The thrust discarded all flourish, leaving only the purest speed and destruction.
Dustin’s pupils contracted. The power behind this blow far exceeded anything he had felt before.
He didn’t dare be negligent. The mystical pure energy within him circulated at an unprecedented speed, and the cyan condensed sword aura around him flared violently.
Dustin exhaled sharply and roared, “Break it!”
His blade didn’t retreat or dodge, but struck with flawless accuracy straight at the dark spearpoint.
The sound was sharp enough to pierce the ear, a single note that split the air as light and darkness exploded at the point of impact.
The cyan condensed sword aura and dark energy frantically eroded and consumed each other. There was no billowing shockwave. All the energy was compressed into that infinitesimal point, making it all the more deadly.
Dustin felt a cold, deathly force laced with intense corrosion creep along his blade toward him. His arm grew slightly numb. The hard, rocky ground beneath his feet silently turned to dust and sank half a foot.
However, the dark crimson armor figure stood perfectly still. The scarlet flames beneath its helmet flickered once, as if somewhat surprised Dustin had managed to withstand the blow.
Still, it pressed on. With a flick of its wrist, the dark spear snapped back like a striking viper. Then it split into a storm of spear shadows that came crashing down on Dustin from every direction. Every shadow was impossibly solid, carrying a soul-rending chill.
Dustin’s eyes sharpened as he moved with blinding speed within the confined space. His longsword weaved a dense, impenetrable curtain of cyan light.
Rapid impacts erupted like hail against stone. The sword light and spear shadows clashed madly, scattering fragmented energy that carved the surrounding rock walls.
They fought at a speed the eye could barely follow, where the streaks of light twisted and collided, shaking the entire canyon with every clash. The battle had reached a level far beyond anything that had come before.
###Chapter 2678
The atmosphere in the canyon crackled with unbearable tension. The humanoid beast in dark crimson armor moved like death incarnate. Every thrust of its spear was precise, lethal, and dripping with a dark energy that sought to corrode everything it touched.
Dustin drove his footwork to the breaking point. His sword light moved like liquid steel, weaving and parrying through the storm of spear shadows as he desperately searched for an opening.
“This can’t go on,” he thought, his mind racing. The beast’s third form was not only faster and stronger than before, but its combat skills were nearly flawless. Worse, its energy seemed boundless. A purely defensive fight was a losing one. He needed to find a single, decisive moment to strike.
Dustin deliberately left an opening, allowing his body to hesitate for a fraction of a second as he evaded a tricky lateral stab.
The humanoid beast’s crimson eyes flared violently. There was no way it would let such an opening slip by. Its black spear shot forward like a viper striking from the dark, gaining even more speed as it drove straight for Dustin’s unguarded side.
Just as the spear tip was about to pierce flesh, Dustin’s eyes blazed with sudden intensity.
“Now’s my chance!” he exclaimed. Instead of dodging, he channeled all his internal energy into his left palm. A deep cyan glow radiated from his palm, faintly shaping a swirling symbol of light and shadow. With unerring precision, he slammed his palm directly against the incoming spear tip.
“Origin Return Palm!”
A deep, resonant sound rang out. It wasn’t the clash of metal, but rather the hum of energy being forcibly absorbed and neutralized.
Dustin’s strike, infused with the essence of his mystical pure energy, wasn’t a direct attack. Instead, it used a profound principle of deflection and dissolution that momentarily bound the rampant dark energy.
The thrust of the dark spear faltered, just for an instant. But for someone of Dustin’s caliber, that was all the opening he needed.
The sword in his right hand moved, but it wasn’t one of his swift, wind-quick sword techniques. This strike seemed slow, as if it were pulling the very fabric of the canyon’s energy along with it.
The sword blazed with brilliant cyan light, and countless intricate runes flickered in and out of existence within that radiance.
From it surged a vast, primal force-something that felt as old as the world itself-driving back the suffocating darkness that filled the canyon.
“Eternal Severance Strike!” Dustin’s voice was low but resonant.
As the final word fell, his sword slowly thrust forward. The strike wasn’t fast, yet it gave the overwhelming sense that it could not be dodged or resisted. It felt as though this sword didn’t target space, but time and fate itself.
The humanoid beast seemed to sense the ultimate threat contained within that strike. It tried to yank its spear back, but the tip was still held fast by Dustin’s palm.
It let out an inhuman, metallic shriek. The dark crimson armor over its body glowed intensely as it tried to muster its strongest defense, and the crimson flames beneath its helmet flickered wildly. Yet, all resistance was futile before the “Eternal Severance Strike”.
Dustin’s longsword silently pierced through the hastily erected layers of dark energy barriers and touched the center of the beast’s chest armor. But there was no earth-shattering explosion or gruesome spray of gore.
For a heartbeat, time itself seemed to freeze. With the point of contact as its epicenter, countless hairline cracks of cyan light spread like a spiderweb across the beast’s entire body.
The seemingly indestructible dark crimson armor, along with the body beneath, began to crumble inch by inch under the sword intent that carried both annihilation and rebirth.
###Chapter 2679
The dark spear in the humanoid beast’s hand was the first to disintegrate into wisps of black smoke, followed by its arms, torso, and head. One by one, each fragment crumbled away.
In less than a second, it completely disintegrated into countless drifting crimson specks and fine dust. Even the two points of scarlet flame were extinguished entirely.
The crushing pressure that had filled the canyon vanished. Only Dustin remained, standing with his sword still raised. His breathing was slightly labored in the dead silence that followed.
“Mr. Rhys won! He won,” the onlookers exclaimed in delight. Grace let out a long sigh of relief, her tense nerves finally relaxing.
But before the cheers had even died down, something strange happened again. Out of nowhere, something stirred in the dead silence, cutting the victory short.
The crimson specks in the canyon that hadn’t fully dispersed seemed to be drawn by some invisible force. Instead of fading into nothing like ordinary energy, they began to slowly, almost unnaturally, drift back toward the spot where the beast had fallen.
At first, the movement was slow, like a trickling stream. But it quickly accelerated, forming a miniature crimson vortex. At its center, a darker core began to take shape. Within that growing void, faint traces of armor and energy veins started knitting themselves back together.
“What… What’s going on?” one of the guards stammered, the grin on his face freezing into horror.
“It… It’s not dead? But reforming?”
Judith’s voice trembled. Grace’s face went deathly pale. The dread she’d just shaken off came flooding back. Dustin frowned, and his razor-sharp gaze locked onto the swirling mass of dark crimson energy reforming in front of them.
He could feel the raw life and festering hatred, born of the same source as before. But somehow it was more refined and stubborn as it gathered from the scattered fragments of energy.
“Of course it wouldn’t be that simple,” he said coldly with a snort. Without the slightest hesitation, he flicked his wrist. A sharp cyan sword aura shot forth like a silken ribbon and slashed directly toward the heart of the forming vortex.
The sword aura hit its mark, scattering the partially reformed crimson energy in all directions. But mere moments later, the scattered energy particles once again stubbornly converge towards the center.
The speed of reformation seemed even a fraction faster than before. That point of deep darkness at the core still remained, like an indestructible brand.
Dustin’s eyes narrowed, and he swung his sword again. This time, he unleashed a more powerful sword aura. They transformed into a dense net of blades that completely enveloped and shredded the area.
The crimson energy shattered into pieces so fine they were nearly invisible to the naked eye. But still, the result was the same.
Within moments, those microscopic energy particles ignored the lingering effects of his sword aura and began reforming again. The crimson vortex reappeared, though smaller and dimmer than it had been before. But the indomitable will behind it showed not the slightest sign of weakening.
Dustin struck repeatedly, obliterating the beast each time it tried to reform. He even unleashed his spiritual strength to attack its core consciousness, yet nothing could stop the beast’s unnatural resurrection.
It was as if it possessed a certain immortality that transcended physical destruction. As long as a single trace of its energy remained, it could continuously revive.
He watched the crimson energy shatter under his sword light again and again, only to stubbornly regroup each time. His grip on his sword stayed firm, but his frown deepened with each cycle. For the first time, his eyes showed seriousness and deep contemplation.
This beast’s “immortality” far exceeded his expectations. Clearly, Elysium Isle held secrets far deeper than he realized or some fundamental force he had yet to comprehend.
###Chapter 2680
The fleeting sense of relief that swept through the canyon was short-lived, snuffed out by a crushing despair.
Dustin kept striking. Each sword light precisely pulverized the reforming crimson energy into finer particles. The sheer destructive force behind his sword aura could have obliterated the soul of any ordinary cultivator, wiping them from existence entirely.
But the vile energy from the humanoid beast refused to stay dead. It clung to the air like an ancient curse, a blight that couldn’t be purged. No matter how many times it was destroyed, it kept pulling itself back together from the faintest traces of dust-each time a little faster than before.
The crimson vortex seemed to watch Dustin’s efforts with cold contempt. With every rebirth, the air grew heavier, thick with death and seething hatred.
“How is this possible? It won’t die… It just won’t stay dead!” someone cried.
“E-Even Mr. Rhys… can’t do anything about it?”
Fear swept through the group, leaving them pale and trembling. Dustin had always been their godlike savior, but watching him struggle against this abomination shook them to their core.
Grace frowned, concern etching across her features.
On Elysium Isle, some existences perhaps fundamentally defied the laws of nature.
Trying to kill them outright might awaken something none of them were ready to face.
“If it can’t be killed,” Dustin said, “then I’ll seal it away for good.”
After several futile strikes, he stopped attacking. Seizing the moment when the crimson energy hadn’t fully coalesced and its power was at its lowest, he sheathed his sword and retreated several steps back.
His hands formed a series of incredibly complex and intricate hand seals at a speed barely visible to the eye. As he did, the energy waves around him shifted completely.
The sharp, aggressive edge of the swordsmaster vanished. It was replaced by something vast, ancient, and immovable as the earth itself, carrying the unyielding authority of cosmic law.
The mystical pure energy within him stopped radiating outward and instead turned inward, condensing and circulating along a precise pattern. It began to draw upon the elemental and spatial forces around him, bending them to his will.
“By primal law and elemental force, let the undying be sealed!”
Dustin’s low cry rolled through the canyon like the voice of creation itself.
He thrust both hands forward, and light flared between his palms. A complex mystical formation of gold, cyan, blue, red, and yellow rapidly expanded.
At its heart, two opposing forces spiraled endlessly. Around them, countless glowing chains materialized and dissolved in rhythmic cycles. It radiated an energy that could imprison even the darkest of evils.
“Seal!”
The five-colored formation shot toward the half-formed crimson beast like a net of divine punishment.
The beast seemed to sense the threat of the sealing power and let out a piercing shriek.
Its half-formed arms thrashed frantically, hurling surges of dark energy in a desperate attempt to break the mystical formation. But in its incomplete state, its power was feeble.
Dustin’s sealing art-a supreme technique of the orthodox mystical path-was designed to counter precisely all manner of twisted and malevolent forces.
Dark energy slammed against the five-colored formation, but it only caused ripples and was neutralized by the flowing elemental forces.
The mystical formation blazed brighter and spun downward. Countless chains of energy, inscribed with ancient runes, shot out like living creatures. They coiled around the beast’s body, climbing from its ankles to its waist, then to its chest, arms, and finally its head.
The beast roared furiously. It thrashed violently, and crimson light pulsed frantically as it tried to break free from the chains. But the bindings only tightened, searing deep into its energy-formed flesh.
The five-colored light traveled down the chains, branding the beast’s form. It suppressed and purified the violent death-essence within.
Under the tense watch of the onlookers, the formation locked into place. The beast was encased in a pulsating light-cocoon about 30 feet across.
Glowing symbols drifted across the surface of the cocoon, with the opposing forces spiraling at its center. The sealing power formed an impenetrable barrier, cutting off the disturbing presence within completely.
The beast’s struggles grew weaker, and its roars faded into silence. All that remained was the giant light-cocoon standing in the canyon like a tombstone.
The canyon fell into a deathly silence. Everyone stood frozen, eyes fixed on the glowing cocoon before shifting to Dustin. He swayed slightly, face pale. Clearly, wielding such a powerful sealing technique had exacted a heavy toll.
It took a long while before they were sure the cocoon had stopped moving. Only then did the relief of cheating death surge through them again.
“Is… Is it over? Has it been sealed?” Judith muttered, her voice trembling.
“Are you okay, Dustin?” Grace asked, hurrying to his side. She’d never seen him look this drained since his breakthrough.
“I’m fine,” he replied, shaking his head slightly. “That thing can’t be killed, and its nature defies death itself. I’ve temporarily restrained it with an elemental seal, but it’s not a permanent solution.
“The seal will weaken over time or from external impacts. We shouldn’t linger here, so we must cross this canyon before anything else happens.”
His words hit like cold water, dousing the brief relief that had flickered through the group. It turned out that the crisis had only been temporarily suppressed, not truly resolved.
None of them dared to linger any more. They steadied their nerves, adjusted their gear, and followed Dustin with even greater caution and respect. Moving carefully around the five-colored light cocoon that emitted powerful sealing fluctuations, they continued to move deeper into the canyon.
###Chapter 2681
For Dustin and the others, passing through the five-colored light cocoon in the canyon was like leaving one nightmare only to find. themselves trapped in a far older one, heavy with primordial dread.
The stench of decay lingered, now mixed with the sharp tang of rusted metal and the dust of countless centuries. Faint light filtered through cracks in the towering rock walls above, casting patchy illumination that was enough to see what lay ahead.
It was a battlefield long abandoned, stretching endlessly into shadow. There were no banners or fresh corpses, only crushing silence, worn down by ages beyond counting.
Enormous ivory bones littered the landscape. Ribs curved overhead like archways, while skulls sat as large as buildings. They’d belonged to extinct colossal beasts, now resting among broken weapons and collapsed pillars. Despite the passage of time, the bones still radiated an oppressive presence.
Rusted, fragmented weapons and armor lay among the relics of war. Their designs were unlike anything crafted in the present day.
Dustin picked up a broken sword, its blade caked with rust. As his fingers brushed the metal, he could feel the faint spiritual energy within it had long decayed, leaving behind a hollow, bone-deep chill.
Fragments of massive shields jutted from the earth at odd angles, marked by deep claw scratches and melted sections. The ground itself was torn and fractured, pocked with craters and fissures. Some cracks plunged into absolute blackness that seemed to exhale a faint, cold breath.
Whatever battle had been fought there, it had been catastrophic.
“What… What is this place?” Judith asked, her voice trembling as she stayed close to Grace.
A profound sense of dread pressed down on them. It was born from the unknown, the immeasurable age of that place, and the sheer scale of its destruction.
She went on, “These bones and weapons… are not something possessed by ordinary warriors or armies. Could this be the legendary ancient ruins?”
Grace’s expression was grim as she scanned the area, her eyes filled with shock and confusion. Her gaze was drawn to a relatively intact section of a collapsed wall, etched with faded murals and strange, intricate script.
The group gathered around to study the worn carvings. The scenes were difficult to decipher but spoke of a cataclysmic war.
They depicted humanoid beings with light wings growing from their backs, commanding thunder and fighting ferocious giant beasts. Elsewhere, enormous magical circles harnessed the power of the stars, while titans as tall as mountains were depicted crumbling to the ground.
Despite their faded state, the murals conveyed a powerful sense of the carnage, ferocity, and grandeur of the battle.
Dustin studied the murals before settling on the unusual script. The characters were elegant yet complex, as if the fundamental laws of reality were woven into the script.
“Is this… the cloud script?” Grace murmured uncertainly. “I’ve seen something similar in the ancient manuscripts kept in the royal archives. They say it was used by the Archmages, a language that channels raw power and communicates with spirits.”
Dustin nodded slightly. While he didn’t fully understand it, he could vaguely discern a few key meanings by sensing the natural principles and residual power within the script-“Seal”, “Bind”, ” Abomination”, “Aether Garden”, “Vitalis Pool”.
“Aether Garden and Vitalis Pool?” Grace asked, her eyes flickering with hope.
“The ancient manuscript mentions both the Aether Gardens of Avalon and the Vitalis Pool of Elysium Isle,” she said. ”
They were said to be sanctums of the immortals, places where legendary treasures and elixirs of immortality are said to exist. What if the elixir we find is there?”
Dustin pondered for a moment. He pointed to an area in the mural that appeared to be the center of the island with floating structures surrounded by spiritual springs and cascading waterfalls. Nearby, fading characters for “Vitalis Pool” remained visible.
“Based on these fragments,” he said, “if such an elixir exists anywhere on this island, it’s likely in one of these two places.
‘Vitalis Pool,’ in particular, is always tied to legends of healing and eternal life.”
He then pointed to another section of the mural. It depicted a massive, indistinct monstrosity of immense malice, bound at the bottom of a chasm by countless chains and pillars of light.
Inscriptions labeled it the “Maleficar Dragon” or “Void-Tyrant Dragon”, while smaller, human-like figures reinforced the bindings with ritual tools.
“But the true secret of this place seems to lie deeper and sealed away,” Dustin added, his voice grave. “This so-called ‘Maleficar Dragon’ is likely what Elysium Isle was built to imprison.”
He paused, letting the implication sink in. ” The regenerative power of the beasts we faced earlier might be linked to whatever power is leaking from this sealed entity.”
His words cast a pall over the group’s newly kindled hope, darkening it once more. The elixir was close, but it was guarded by a primordial evil capable of untold destruction.
“There’s no turning back now,” Grace said firmly. “At least we have a direction now instead of wandering blindly. In your opinion, which way should we go?”
Dustin closed his eyes, allowing his divine sense to ripple outward like waves on the water. The interference in the ruins was less ?ppressive than in the canyon or fog, but still present. After a moment, he pointed ahead.
“That way. The energy there is contradictory There is a faint, serene spiritual energy intertwined with a thick, malevolent death essence. It fits what we might find at the Aether Garden or Vitalis Pool. And the trail shows that many. things’ have gone that way.”
His careful choice of words was unsettling It was obvious he didn’t mean only humans.
The team moved forward, picking their way through the vast battlefield ruin with extreme caution. They skirted hills of giant bones and crossed dry riverbeds stained a deep, bloody red.
Suddenly, a guard walking on the flank tripped over something and let out a startled shout. The others looked down and saw that beneath the disturbed dirt lay a relatively fresh corpse.
It was dressed in modern martial attire, not yet fully decomposed. The cause of death was horrifyingly clear. A massive, clean hole was punched through the chest, as if something had impaled him instantly.
###Chapter 2682
“It’s one of the people who reached the island before us,” a guard muttered. An older guard with more experience stepped forward to inspect the body. His expression turned grim.
“He’s been dead for less than a month,” he said. “But these wounds… It doesn’t appear to have been killed by an ordinary weapon or a wild beast. Looks like he was instantly pierced by some kind of incredibly fine, sharp energy beam ”
Suddenly, Dustin’s head jerked up. His sharp eyes locked onto something behind a half-buried, cauldron-like bronze structure.
“Watch out!” he shouted.
Before the warning finished leaving his mouth, several thin, translucent gray energy beams shot out from behind the wreckage with a sharp hiss. Their speed dwarfed that of any crossbow bolt as they aimed at the guards who had cried out in alarm earlier.
Dustin reacted instantly. After sensing the danger a split-second earlier, he formed a sword finger. A curved blade of sword aura shot forward, intercepting the gray streaks with pinpoint precision.
A soft, sizzling sound, like water dripping onto fire, echoed as it clashed with and annihilated the beams. However, Dustin could feel a corrosive, alien energy within them that felt icy cold.
“What the hell is that?” the guards shouted, shaken but drawing their weapons as they stared nervously at the bronze wreckage.
The ground behind the ruins began to bulge slightly. Several small mounds of earth ruptured, and three grotesque creatures emerged from the dirt.
Each was about three feet tall, their bodies a fusion of dark brown earth and stone. Glowing blue lines, like veins of light, pulsed across their surfaces.
They had no discernible heads, only a single, massive red-crystal eye on top of their bodies. Below it, several fleshy tentacles writhed and flexed. The gray energy beams had fired from the tips of those appendages.
“Are those… some kind of mechanical golems? Or maybe alien beasts?” Grace asked as she had never seen anything so bizarre
“They’re neither living nor dead, but a fusion of alchemy and vengeful souls,” Dustin said, seeing through their nature at a glance.
He went on, “These are ‘echoes’ left over from an ancient battlefield. The lingering resentment of this place, combined with an old, still-functioning mechanism, has formed a type of creature to eliminate anyone who trespasses.”
The three cyclop-like creatures clearly identified Dustin’s group as invaders.
Their red eyes locked onto him in unison, as the blue patterns across their bodies flared brightly. Tentacles whipped upward, and a barrage of gray beams came pouring out like deadly rain.
They moved with a clumsy but startling speed in unison and tried to encircle the group from different directions.
“Form a defensive formation. Protect Ms. Linsor!” the guard captain roared.
Though terrified, the surviving guards were well-drilled. They immediately raised their shields to form a tight circle around Grace.
The shields rang with a deafening clatter as the gray beams struck with incredible force, denting the steel and etching corrosive marks along the edges.
Dustin blurred forward, reappearing right in front of one of the cyclops. The cyclop reacted instantly, and its red eye flashed as it fired several beams directly at his face at point-blank range.
Dustin didn’t flinch or evade. His left hand snapped out in a blur, and a faint cyan glow wreathed his fingers. He caught the intangible energy beams mid-air. With a slight squeeze of his fist, they were snuffed out in his palm.
###Chapter 2683
At the same time, Dustin’s right fist shot out in a simple, direct punch with crushing force. His fist drove straight into the cyclop’s weak point-the crimson eye at its center.
The cyclop’s body stiffened, and the glowing blue patterns across its body flickered and died. As if the earth and rock that formed its body had lost cohesion, it crumbled to the ground with a loud crash, leaving only a cracked, dull red crystal eye rolling free.
Seeing that, the remaining two cyclops seemed to sense Dustin’s overwhelming power. The red light in their eyes flared. Instead of attacking, they scrambled backward and tried to burrow into the ground.
“Trying to escape?” Dustin let out a cold snort. Using the tip of his boot, he flicked a piece of armor fragment from the ground into his hand.
He infused it with true energy and snapped his wrist forward. The fragment split in midair, and the two resulting shards streaked toward the crimson eyes of the fleeing cyclops with deadly precision. With the same outcome as the first one, their bodies disintegrated into lifeless heaps of dirt and rubble.
The battle ended as quickly as it began, but the guards shivered as they stared at the dents and corrosion on their shields. These were just the residual echoes from the ruins, and they wondered what else they would encounter if they ventured deeper.
Dustin walked to the nearest pile of debris and picked up one of the cracked red crystal eyes, examining it closely.
“The energy structure is peculiar,” he said. “It’s not pure spiritual energy or internal energy. It feels more like hatred, fused with the energy of the land itself. Whatever the source is, it’s far from ordinary.”
His gaze shifted toward the path ahead.
The brief encounter earlier had made the group even more alert. They pressed forward in the direction Dustin led them and encountered several more waves of the echoes.
Some were the one-eyed earthen monsters, while others were shifting energy forms that attacked the mind with piercing shrieks. With him leading the way and the group’s coordination, they came through safely despite some frights.
As they ventured further, the scattered bones and broken weapons on the ground became less common. Instead, they found stone fragments resembling architectural remnants, along with the occasional dried-up spring and the withered roots of strange, unidentifiable plants.
The faint, serene spiritual energy in the air grew slightly stronger, but so did the oppressive, malevolent energy that twisted alongside it.
After passing through a field of shattered white stone pillars, the landscape changed again. A massive fissure split the mountain before them, as though some colossal blade had carved clean through solid rock. Pale mist drifted through the crack, and beyond it seemed to lie hidden depths.
Standing at the entrance was a remarkably intact bronze gate towering over 100 feet high. The gate was sealed shut. Its surface bore intricate reliefs of celestial bodies, mythical creatures, and rows upon rows of ancient script in a language none of them recognized.
Coiled across the seams were vines of tarnished gold, long dead but still rigid as iron cables, as if sealing the gate for all eternity.
Above the entrance, two enormous characters were etched in ancient cloud script. Though faded by centuries, it was still legible.
Aether Garden.
###Chapter 2684
A massive bronze gate towered majestically before Dustin and the others. Behind it might lie the fabled Aether Garden, or perhaps a far deadlier trap.
Dark gold vines twisted through gaps in the doorway, looking brittle and dead. But they felt like forged metal to the touch and were unnaturally tough.
The cloud-scripted runes on the gate pulsed with a faint light, forming an ancient and powerful seal Forcing it open would be no simple feat and could trigger unforeseeable consequences. Dustin spent considerable time examining it with his divine sense before finally shaking his head.
“This gate is sealed intact and anchored deep into the bedrock,” he said. “Forcing it open could be disastrous. There’s probably another entrance, or a specific condition required to open it.”
Coming so close only to hit a wall left everyone frustrated.
Grace studied the misty fissure along the mountainside and reasoned, “Since this path is currently blocked, why not explore along its edge? We might find another route. Also, the Vitalis Pool mentioned in the mural is nearby.”
Dustin nodded in agreement. He could sense more active energy fluctuations emanating from the direction of the fissure.
The team advanced cautiously along the edge of the great chasm, delving deeper into the island. After walking just a few miles, the surroundings began to undergo a strange transformation. Their once-clear vision was gradually engulfed by a grey-white fog
This was no ordinary mist as it was thick, heavy, and flowed like a living entity. It severely reduced visibility and absorbed sound, warping voices so that even shouts between the guards reached muffled and unclear.
More unnerving was the mist’s corrosive energy. It didn’t burn skin, but seeped through exposed flesh like invisible needles, quietly siphoning away their spiritual energy.
The guards soon felt their circulatory pathways stagnate, their inner strength draining far faster than normal, and a weariness that gnawed at their very souls began to spread throughout their bodies.
“Fight it off. This fog is unnatural and drains our true energy,” the guard captain shouted, though his voice was muffled by the thick fog.
Everyone immediately focused on channeling their internal energy to form a thin layer of protective armor energy around their bodies. A soft hiss filled the air when the protective armor met the mist. It was effective, but the effort was draining their energy at twice the normal rate.
“Ms. Linsor, I… I don’t know how much longer I can keep this up,” Judith said, color draining from her face. Among the group, her cultivation was one of the weakest, and she was already struggling to keep up.
Grace felt her own true energy slipping faster than normal despite her considerable strength. She glanced toward Dustin with concern, only to notice the mist recoiling from him as if hitting an invisible barrier. He appeared as calm as ever, as if the strange haze held no power over him.
“Stay close to me and don’t spread out,” he said.
His voice rang clearly in everyone’s ears, carrying a subtle but undeniable sense of reassurance. The invisible field around him expanded slightly, enveloping Grace and the nearby guards. Instantly, the pressure on the group eased.
“Thank you, Mr. Rhys,” they said gratefully. Dustin shook his head slightly, though his expression stayed serious as he surveyed their surroundings.
“This fog doesn’t just erode spiritual energy, but also suppresses divine sense.”
He attempted to extend his divine sense but found it was like struggling through mud. His perception range was compressed to less than 300 feet, and even that was hazy
“There’s something in the fog. Stay sharp, “he warned, and a chill ran down everyone’s spines. With both vision and divine sense severely limited, the unknown was far more terrifying than any visible threat could be.
Under Dustin’s guidance, the group advanced slowly through the dense fog, like blind men groping their way. The ground beneath them was slick with moss-covered stones. All around, silence pressed down, broken only by their labored breathing and pounding hearts.
Suddenly, a short, blood-curdling scream echoed from the back of the group.
Everyone whipped around. Through the churning fog, they glimpsed one of the outer guards jerking backward violently, as if something had grabbed him and dragged him into the depths of the mist.
He couldn’t even struggle and vanished in an instant. Only a smeared trail on the ground and drops of blood seeping into moss marked where he’d been.
“Defensive positions! Everyone, back to back,” the guard captain roared hoarsely.
The remaining guards quickly tightened their formation and drew their blades. Their tense faces turned toward the churning fog around them, and their backs were slick with cold sweat.
“What was that?” Grace asked, gripping her dagger with a hardened expression.
Dustin’s gaze sharpened, locked on the direction where the guard had disappeared. Although his divine sense was suppressed, he still caught a wisp of an incredibly faint, swift, and radiating pure malice.
“It’s not a physical entity or at least, not entirely,” Dustin said grimly. “These are wraiths born from the fog itself with a mix of its corrosive energy and the lingering resentment of this place. They have no solid form and feed on life essence.”
As if to prove him right, whispering noise seeped from the mist. It wasn’t a sound heard with the ears, but one that crawled directly into the mind, unsettling and nauseating.
At the same time, several translucent, shifting shapes emerged from the shadow. They had no fixed form-one moment like grasping tendrils, the next like twisted faces. With a silent shriek, they surged toward the group.
###Chapter 2685
“Stay focused and take them down!” Grace shouted. Her dagger gleamed with a cold light, and a stream of sword aura slashed at a charging gray shadow.
The attack made the wraith waver and thin out, its form growing fainter. It let out a piercing shriek but didn’t vanish. Instead, it surged forward with renewed fury.
The other guards weren’t faring any better. Their sword aura proved pathetically ineffective against these mist-wraiths. It took multiple strikes to break apart a single one.
However, the wraith’s attacks were deadly. They could easily penetrate the guards’ protective armor energy. The moment one made contact, a deep, soul-chilling cold set in, and the victim’s life essence began to drain away at an alarming rate.
One guard’s attention slipped for just a second. A wraith grazed his arm, and his limb instantly turned pale gray and shriveled, as if every bit of moisture and vitality had been sucked dry. He groaned in pain and staggered backward, face pale as death.
“We can’t keep this up. Our attacks are ineffective against them,” the guard captain shouted in frustration.
Within moments, two more guards were injured by the mist-wraiths and forced out of the fight. Seeing that, Dustin realized he could no longer stand by and watch.
These wraiths were highly resistant to both physical and pure energy strikes. But they instinctively feared higher-tier powers, especially those imbued with pure, radiant energy or cleansing force.
He formed a sword finger, and a brilliant golden light flared at its tip. It wasn’t hot, yet it radiated an immense, pure energy, overwhelming and cleansing, as if it could sweep away all evil in its path.
“Blazing Point!” he roared, thrusting his finger forward. The beam of golden light shot into the densest cluster of wraiths. It was like throwing boiling water onto snow. Wherever the golden light passed, the contorted gray forms let out agonizingly sharp wails before instantly dissolving and vaporizing, as if melted away by sunlight.
The oppressive, cold mist itself seemed to recoil and thin under the power of that single attack. The surviving wraiths hissed in terror, retreating into the dense fog and dared not approach them anymore.
Everyone who witnessed Dustin’s effortless yet devastating attack was left in stunned awe. His abilities were truly beyond their comprehension.
“Mr. Rhys, thank you for saving our lives,” the group expressed their gratitude in unison. Without him, they would have been wiped out in that sinister fog.
Dustin waved it off, though his expression was still tense.
“Those were just minor nuisances that got disturbed. The source of the mist and far stronger entities haven’t shown themselves yet. We shouldn’t linger here and must find a way out quickly.”
He looked toward the deeper parts of the mist, where the fluctuations of energy were even more chaotic and powerful. Somewhere beyond it, he could faintly sense a purer, more immense flow of water energy calling to him.
“Follow me. I think this is the right direction,” Dustin said, taking the lead toward the source of the water energy. The group didn’t dare hesitate. Despite their exhaustion and fear, they followed closely behind.
After passing through the spiritual energy-draining fog, it felt as if they’d crossed an unseen boundary. The view ahead opened wide, starkly different from the dead silence of the ancient battlefield and oppressive gloom of the fog.
For a moment, everyone stood still, dazed by what looked almost like a paradise.
The valley stretched between the mountains, lush and bright. Waterfalls poured down the cliffs like ribbons of silver, their clear tones echoing through the air.
Rare plants and exotic flowers of every color bloomed along the banks, filling the breeze with a faint, soothing scent. The air itself shimmered with gentle spiritual energy, easing the exhaustion in their bodies and slowly replenishing the spiritual energy depleted in the fog.
The most captivating sight was the complex of elegant and exquisite pavilions and towers in the center of the valley. They weren’t gilded or grand, but built from pale stone and faintly glowing wood that seemed alive with light.
With their upturned eaves, layered brackets, and carved beams, they blended perfectly with the surrounding landscape, as if formed by nature itself. Mist curled between the buildings, and glimpses of cranes in flight and wandering spirit deer could be seen.
Ethereal, enchanting music, seemingly coming from nowhere, drifted through the air. It was soothing and uplifting, capable of washing away the weariness deep in one’s soul.
“Is… Is this Aether Garden? A real paradise? “Judith asked, her eyes wide with uncontainable joy. The previous fear and exhaustion seemed swept away by the serene and beautiful sight before her.
Even the battle-worn guards relaxed their tense postures, their weathered faces now filled with awe and longing. Grace mulled, “In a paradise like this, there must be an elixir that can bring the dying back to life.”
She felt her heart surge with emotion. Her breath quickened as she stared at the pavilions and towers ahead, her eyes bright with hope.
She could almost see a pearl-sized pill radiating with seven shimmering hues, floating at the heart of the crystal palace, as if waiting just for her. Valon took the elixir of immortality, and his severe illness was completely cured.
The warm scene of the father and daughter reunion felt so close and real.
“We finally found it…” she murmured, her foot lifting to step forward without a thought.
“Hold on.”
A calm, clear voice cut through her trance like a splash of cold water, dousing the frantic hope burning in Grace’s chest.
Dustin’s hand rested lightly on her shoulder. A cool, steadying energy flowed into her, pulling her back from the edge and clearing her mind.
###Chapter 2686
“Hmm?” Grace whipped around, staring at Dustin with confusion written across her face. He wasn’t admiring the breathtaking view like the others. His sharp eyes swept across the valley like a predator searching for weakness, cold and penetrating.
“Don’t believe everything you see,” he said. “While the spiritual energy here is abundant, it feels scattered and lacks a solid foundation. The music is too flawless to be natural. And the air, the flowers, and the mist… Don’t they feel too artificial, as if they only exist to trick your senses?”
His words made Grace and a few guards with higher cultivation levels focus their senses. Indeed, they noticed something was amiss.
After lingering in the air, the floral fragrance carried a cloying sweetness that faintly clouded the mind. The sound of flowing water maintained an impossibly perfect rhythm, lacking the natural variation of a real stream. Even the drifting mist and clouds seemed to move in a fixed, patterned way.
“It’s an illusory formation,” Grace said. A cold sweat broke out on her back. Had Dustin not warned her, she might have completely lost herself in that illusory paradise.
“It’s a highly sophisticated one,” Dustin said, his tone carrying both respect and gravity. “It doesn’t just trick the eyes. It targets the mind, reflecting your deepest desires back at you. What you see is the ‘ truth’ you want to see.”
As if to prove his words, the scenery ahead began to shift. The pavilions and towers seemed to grow clearer. Within them, a few faint figures materialized.
Grace’s eyes widened in shock.
At the tallest window of the crystal tower stood a middle-aged man in gold-trimmed robes. His face was kind but pale with sickness, and his eyes were filled with longing. It was her father, Valon, whom she missed day and night.
Beside her father stood a graceful woman in an elegant gown. Her hand was resting lightly on his arm as she smiled and waved at Grace. It was her mother, who had died years ago.
“Father! Mother!” Grace cried out, her composure shattered. She threw all caution to the wind, ready to rush forward into the warm embrace she had yearned for so deeply.
“Snap out of it!”
Dustin’s low command cracked through her mind like thunder. At the same time, he formed a sword finger. With a purifying, mind-cleansing light swirling around their tips, he gently tapped the spot between the eyebrows. A stream of cool energy shot straight into her crown, and her body shuddered.
The images of her parents rippled and distorted like disturbed water, fading into transparency before disappearing entirely. Even the heartwarming scene at the crystal tower reverted to a shadowy illusion shrouded in mist.
With the illusion broken, the crushing emptiness that followed nearly knocked Grace off her feet. She staggered, her face drained of color. If Judith hadn’t caught her in time, she would have collapsed on the spot. She gasped for breath, and her heart was still trembling with fear.
The other guards had also succumbed to their own illusions. Some saw treasure hoards glittering in caves, while others were reunited with long-lost loved ones.
Some even saw themselves as the supreme master of the martial world, revered by all.
They laughed foolishly, wept bitter tears, or kneeled in reverence to the void. The guards were utterly consumed by their desires and unaware of the deadly reality around them.
“Steady your minds and guard your inner sanctums. None of this is real,” Dustin shouted.
His voice cut through the chaos, sharp and clear, reaching every mind and jolting them toward awareness.
However, the illusion’s hold was strong.
His shout only briefly roused a few guards with higher cultivation and stronger wills.
The majority remained trapped in their delusions.
Two guards, fighting over the illusory ” treasure”, even began to attack each other with their blades. In moments, blood stained the ground as they fell in that paradise. Their faces were still bearing satisfied smiles of having obtained their prize.
The sight sent a chill of horror through Grace, who had just roused from the illusion.
Dustin frowned slightly, knowing he could no longer let the illusion formation keep consuming everyone. He took a deep breath, and a faint cyan-gold light glowed in his eyes. A wave of immense divine sense erupted from him and spread outward.
“Break the illusions!”
There was no earth-shattering roar, only an invisible wave of divine sense that swept through the valley.
Wherever it passed, the beautiful pavilions, exotic flowers, and flowing waterfalls began to twist and waver violently, like a drawing being erased. Then, they shattered and peeled away, revealing the true scene hidden beneath.
The paradise was gone, and they were still standing in a desolate valley. It was now strewn with jagged rocks and dead trees. The ground was a dark red, as if stained by blood, and the air carried the faint scents of mildew and sulfur.
The enchanting music was now the moan of the wind. Even the fragrant aroma had become the stench of decay.
Only the distant flowing spring seemed real. But around its source lay scattered, bleached-white bones that belonged to humans and beasts alike. The so-called paradise was nothing but a death trap, hidden by a powerful illusion.
###Chapter 2687
The illusion formation had been forcibly broken, though not completely destroyed. The guards, who had been lost in the illusion, gradually snapped back to reality.
When they took in their actual surroundings and their fallen comrades lying in pools of blood, their faces went pale with horror.
“That illusion formation was terrifyingly real… It could so vividly reflect the desires of the human heart,” Grace said, her voice trembling slightly. Her gratitude towards Dustin deepened.
His sharp gaze darted toward the far end of the valley, where the only real spring shimmered in the distance. The air above it twisted and warped until a faint figure slowly took shape.
It solidified into a woman of otherworldly, almost unsettling beauty. Dressed in rainbow robes, her body was an illusory form of coalescing light and fog.
She hovered barefoot above the spring, surrounded by a haze of seductive energy that tugged at the mind. Her eyes were deep and bottomless, reflecting a thousand images of the world yet holding nothing at all.
She looked at Dustin, and when she spoke, her voice was distant and layered with mild surprise.
“You saw through my ‘Phantasm of Seven Emotions’ and broke it by force. Impressive, outsider. Your divine sense is strong.”
Dustin stood firm with his sword ready. He said calmly, “You feed on the desires of mortals, create false paradises to trap them, then drain their life essence. Are you the guardian of this formation, the Mirage?
The rainbow-clad woman, Mirage, smiled faintly, stunning enough to eclipse nature itself, yet laced with lethal intent.
“Guardian? You could say that. I simply enjoy watching mortals struggle with their desires, lose their way, and finally become sustenance for my illusions. Your willpower seems solid, but what about your companions? Their vulnerabilities far outnumber yours…”
Her gaze swept over the shaken Grace and the guards, a flash of greed flickering in her eyes
Dustin stepped forward, shielding everyone behind him. His longsword was held obliquely toward the ground, its faint hum and the cool intent radiating from it pushing back against the lingering seductive energy.
“Your tricks end here,” he said. Mirage’s lips curved into a bewitching arc, her ethereal voice carrying an imperceptible seduction.
“End here? No, the beautiful dream is just beginning. Why struggle painfully in reality when you can enjoy bliss in the illusion? What you seek is merely an obsession…”
Her words seemed to carry hypnotic force, burrowing into everyone’s thoughts.
The guards, who had just snapped back to reality, felt their focus waver once more as images of their deepest desires rose unbidden within them.
Even Grace felt her resolve tremble. Images of her sick father mixed with scenes from the earlier illusion made her chest tighten. She nearly slipped back under.
“Enough of your mind games!” Dustin’s sharp command cut through Mirage’s demonic whispers. He knew that against an illusionist like her, even the smallest lapse of focus meant doom.
Without another word, he flicked his wrist.
His longsword emitted a clear, piercing cry, and a focused arc of cyan sword aura shot forth like the first ray of dawn. It tore through the thick miasma of enchantment aimed directly at the figure hovering over the spring.
The attack was lightning-fast. But just before impact, Mirage’s form wavered like a reflection on water and vanished.
The sword aura passed through the empty air and slammed into the rocks beside the spring, carving a deep gouge and sending stone fragments flying. Mirage chuckled and said, “Brute force can’t break this illusory realm.”
A light, mocking laugh seemed to come from all around them, echoing faintly through the valley. A moment later, she reformed beside a twisted, dead tree to the left. Her smile was as radiant as it was dangerous.
Dustin’s eyes narrowed slightly, but he wasn’t discouraged. The instant Mirage reappeared, he was a blur of motion. His sword light flashed again, transforming into a dense net of cyan light enveloping her new location.
Yet, the result was the same. The sword net fell, only shredding a cascade of colorful light.
Mirage had already reappeared on top of a massive boulder, looking utterly relaxed, as if observing a performance that was beneath her.
“It’s useless,” she chuckled softly. “This entire valley, the Vale of the Mirror of Illusions, is my domain. I am everywhere and nowhere within it. How could you possibly harm me?”
As she spoke, she lifted her hand, and the world around them began to twist and warp once more.
In the blink of an eye, the crimson soil beneath their feet turned into a bed of soft, fragrant grass. The jagged stones and dead trees around them became branches heavy with blossoms. Even the sulfurous spring nearby transformed into a pool shimmering with rich spiritual energy.
But the most terrifying change was in each other.
To Grace, the face of Judith, who was clutching her arm, twisted into the visage of a hated enemy, now leering at her with malicious intent.
The guards saw their comrades morph into old rivals and bitter foes, their blades suddenly turning against them.
“It’s you!” one guard roared, eyes wild with rage as he swung his sword at the man beside him.
“Stay away from me!” another shrieked, stumbling away and slashing frantically at empty air.
Chaos erupted instantly. Even though some part of them knew it might be an illusion, the sights, the sounds, even the hostile intent they could feel radiating from their “foes” were overwhelmingly real. Panic took hold, and within moments, the guards were turning on each other in blind terror.
###Chapter 2688
“Judith, it’s me! Snap out of it!” Grace shouted. Every instinct told her to shove away the figure she saw as her sworn enemy, but she forced herself to stay put and gripped Judith’s wrist tighter.
With her advanced cultivation and iron-willed focus, she managed to hold on to a sliver of clarity. Even so, she still reeled from the visions clawing at her mind.
Dustin watched the group descend into chaos and frowned. Mirage’s illusions were more insidious than he’d imagined.
Besides creating large-scale environmental illusions, she also targeted every person’s mind and conjured visions born from their own fears and desires.
There was no defending against an enemy that attacked from within. If this continued, they would kill each other without their enemy lifting a finger.
He unleashed another wave of divine sense, but it was far less effective this time.
Her illusions had corrupted their minds, and a raw blast of his power wasn’t enough to purge them.
“Close your eyes. Cover your ears. Hold your focus and trust your comrades.”
Dustin’s sharp, authoritative voice pierced the illusion clouding their thoughts.
The guards, driven to a frenzy by the illusion, followed his command, as if it were their lifeline. They forcibly suppressed the fear and bloodlust, sheathed their weapons, and fell back toward the center.
Moving on memory and instinct alone, they formed a defensive circle back-to-back. They stopped looking at or listening to those terrifying illusions. But Mirage clearly had no intention of letting them off that easily.
“You think closing your eyes and ears can help you escape from your inner desires and fears?”
Her voice echoed in their minds, dark and hypnotic.
“Look. Your worst nightmares have come for you.”
As soon as the words fell, terrifying visions involuntarily surfaced in everyone’s minds, even with their eyes closed.
The earth split open, and countless hideous ghostly hands reached out to claw at their ankles. The sky turned blood-red and began to weep a corrosive, bloody downpour. Countless shadowy figures with blurred faces surged in from every direction, radiating pure malice.
Mirage’s attack directly targeted their minds and was far more dangerous than any mere visual or auditory illusion.
One of the guards screamed miserably as his mind snapped. Blood trickled from his orifices, and his mental defenses collapsed under the assault.
Grace grunted, and her slender frame trembled slightly. Visions of her father dying from illness and the kingdom crumbling into chaos flashed before her eyes. The torrent of despair threatened to crush her will.
Dustin knew he could no longer remain on the defensive. He had to find Mirage’s actual form, or strike at the heart of the illusion itself.
Ignoring the endless waves of phantom attacks, he closed his eyes. He drew all his divine sense inward, focusing entirely on his own awareness.
The screams of his companions, the terror of the illusions, and even Mirage’s taunting seemed to drift far away from him.
His mind, now a calm and silent void, began to perceive what his eyes could not.
In that stillness, he stopped seeing the illusions. Instead, he saw the raw currents of energy flowing through the valley.
Dustin saw multicolored strands of mesmerizing energy twisting and flowing from every direction. They all converged on a single point at what seemed to be a natural spring, serving as the anchor of the entire illusion.
At its center pulsed a shifting, rainbow-like core of condensed spiritual power, beating like a living heart. It was Mirage’s actual form, the Mirage Orb. While she didn’t have physical form, her essence was hidden within the most real and illusory node of this illusion
“Found you,” Dustin muttered.
After standing motionless for so long, his eyes suddenly snapped open. They held no trace of confusion, only the piercing clarity of one who has seen the truth, and a cold, lethal intent.
He ignored the horrors clawing at his mind and the piercing ghostly wails echoing in his ears. His body became a blur of motion, a streak of azure light that seemed to tear through the very fabric of space.
Man and sword merged into one and darted toward that spring at a speed faster than the eye could follow. He had concentrated every ounce of his life essence and mental energy into the strike. The sword tip’s target wasn’t the water’s surface, but the pulsating rainbow core hidden beneath.
Before the sword aura even arrived, the sheer force of his intent had already locked onto the target. It was as if space itself would be pierced by that strike.
Mirage, who had remained composed until now, finally screamed in terror.
“How did you find it? No…”
She unleashed all her illusory power to block the strike. Impenetrable walls appeared, whirlpools swallowed everything in their path, and the figures whom Dustin held dearest in his heart stood before his sword. But before his ” Soul Sword”, all of it shattered at a mere touch.
With a soft pop, like a bubble bursting, his figure and the sword light plunged into the spring.
Time seemed to pause for a heartbeat. The next instant, the entire Vale of the Mirror of Illusions shook violently.
The exquisite pavilions, towers, and exotic flowers and plants shattered inch by inch like broken glazed glass. They dissolved into countless multicolored light particles that danced through the air before winking out.
The hideous, ghostly hands, blood rain, and dark shadows dispersed like smoke scattered by the wind, vanishing without a trace. The valley soon returned to its original desolate silence.
The spring had stopped flowing. Its surface dried instantly, revealing the bottom. At the base of the spring lay an orb roughly the size of a fist. It was perfectly round and glowing with a soft, multicolored light. But a clear crack ran across its surface, and its radiance had dimmed noticeably.
Dustin stood at the edge of the dried-up spring, his longsword already sheathed.
His face was slightly pale. The mental exertion required for that single, perfect strike-the one that abandoned all his senses to strike at the truth of things-had taken its toll.
Mirage’s form began to coalesce in the distance, but she had become extremely translucent. It was as though she might disappear at any moment. Her eyes, filled with venom and a stunned refusal to accept her defeat, were locked on him.
“Impressive! To think your Soul Sword could damage my core…” Her voice was a broken, grating rasp, and stripped of its former ethereal allure.
Dustin met her gaze evenly and said nothing. Mirage knew it was over. With her core damaged, she could no longer maintain the grand illusion. She cast one last, lingering look at Dustin, as if to etch the man who had broken her illusion into memory.
Her insubstantial form suddenly exploded, transforming into a stream of rainbow light. It swept up the cracked Mirage Orb from the spring’s base. Like a startled bird, she instantly flew into the depths of the valley’s rocky walls, disappearing from sight.
###Chapter 2689
As soon as Mirage escaped, the last remnants of the unnatural energy fluctuation in the valley had finally subsided.
The survivors slowly opened their eyes and removed their hands from their ears. They looked at the real yet desolate scenery around them. Recalling everything they had just been through, everyone felt as if they were in another world.
Several injured guards collapsed to the ground. They gasped for breath, and their faces were etched with lingering fear. Grace walked up to Dustin. Seeing his somewhat pale complexion, she asked with concern, “Are you alright?”
Shaking his head, he looked toward the direction Mirage had fled.
“I’m fine. Just drained from the mental battle,” he replied. “Her core was damaged, so she probably won’t dare show herself again anytime soon.”
Judith pressed a hand to her chest, still shaken. “That was terrifying. Those illusions were practically impossible to fight. If Mr. Rhys hadn’t figured out her weakness, none of us would have made it.”
Dustin nodded slightly. “Elysium Isle is full of danger. The most seemingly serene places often hide the deadliest traps. Everyone needs to stay extra vigilant and not be swayed by outside influences.”
Everyone nodded in agreement. Their near -fatal encounter in the Vale of the Mirror of Illusions had forged a healthy fear of the island, a respect born not from wonder but from survival.
After a short rest, the group resumed their journey toward the far end of the valley and whatever lay beyond.
Mirage’s escape brought no comfort. The air still carried traces of that seductive, deathly presence. It was a constant reminder of the danger they had just encountered.
A weary, post-calamity exhaustion hung over the group. Beneath it, a deeper, more unsettling current of uncertainty and dread about the road ahead.
Several guards had been injured or mentally shaken by the illusion. They needed help to move, which significantly slowed the group’s pace.
As they pressed forward, the canyon walls rose steeper on both sides. The rock face took on a disturbing, dark crimson hue, as if it had been scorched by intense heat or stained with dried blood. The sulfurous reek in the air intensified, becoming almost unbearable.
“Ms. Linsor, this smell… It’s making my head spin,” Judith said, covering her nose and mouth as she frowned.
Grace also felt waves of nausea and discomfort. She channeled her internal energy to fight it off, only to discover that her energy was depleting even faster than when they were in the fog zone.
“Everyone, be careful. This air is poisonous. Hold your breath as much as possible and use your internal energy circulation to resist it,” she warned.
However, their reserves were far from limitless. After consecutive fierce battles, crossing the fog zone, and resisting the illusions, the guards’ true energy was nearly depleted. The constant erosion of the poisonous gas only made matters worse.
One severely injured guard finally couldn’t hold on any longer. His legs buckled, and he collapsed to the ground, his face a sickly green, lips darkening to purple.
“Captain! Arvo is dying,” a guard shouted anxiously. The guard captain stepped forward to check, then shook his head with a grave expression.
“The toxin has entered his body, and his internal energy is exhausted. It’s already too late,” he stated. They could only watch helplessly as their comrade succumbed to the poison. A creeping sense of despair settled over the group.
It wasn’t long since they set foot on Elysium Isle, and they had already lost nearly half their number. Yet the so-called elixir of immortality was still nowhere to be found.
“It’s all because of that elixir of immortality…” someone muttered. “Who knows how many have already died looking for it?”
The bitter words echoed through the crowd. Although it quickly faded, it was like a seed falling into the already wavering hearts of certain individuals.
Grace’s delicate frame trembled slightly, but she didn’t turn and reprimand the man.
After all, these guards had followed her through life and death. Since they were trapped in such a desperate situation, she knew it was only natural for them to harbor resentment. But thinking of her father’s critical condition, she could only forcibly suppress that bitterness.
Dustin naturally noticed the change in the group’s morale, but he said nothing. Some wounds just couldn’t be healed with words alone.
His keen eyes swept over the jagged path ahead, and his divine sense stretched outward, ready to detect any threat that might emerge.
After advancing several more miles, a fork in the road appeared ahead. One path continued along the valley inward, while the other led to a narrow rock crevice. A faint breeze drifted from the crevice, carrying moisture that cut through the sulfur stench.
“This way,” Dustin said almost without hesitation, pointing to the narrow crevice.
He sensed that within that moisture was an extremely faint yet exceptionally pure trace of spiritual energy. It was unlike the malevolent corruption that saturated the rest of the island.
The crevice was dark and damp, the ground covered in slippery moss. The group formed a single line and carefully went in one after another.
After walking for roughly 15 minutes, the passage suddenly opened up. Hidden behind the rock wall was a small, tranquil pool.
Crystal-clear water revealed a bottom of pristine white sand, where several small silver fish swam leisurely. At its center, a spring bubbled up, gurgling with clear water. It emitted a faint, heart-refreshing spiritual energy.
Compared to the polluted, toxic air outside, this place was practically a sanctuary.
“Thank god! It’s water!” one desperately parched guard cried out in delight, about to rush forward.
“Hold on!” Dustin barked. “Something’s off about this place. Don’t let your guard down.”
He walked to the edge of the pool and crouched down, carefully observing the water. Then he cupped a handful and carefully probed it with his senses.
The spring water felt ice-cold in his hands. It contained a faint trace of vitality and was non-toxic.
“The water should be fine, but don’t drink too much. Though the spiritual energy here is pure, it’s far too thin to replenish what we’ve expended,” he warned.
He had everyone take turns drinking small amounts and cleaning their wounds. The clear, cold spring water revitalized everyone’s spirits, and the exhaustion from the past several days seemed to ease somewhat.
After the injured guards cleaned and bandaged their wounds, they looked considerably better as well. That pool was like an oasis in the desert, giving this team on the verge of collapse a brief moment of respite.
But just as everyone began to relax, something strange happened again.
###Chapter 2690
A deep, muffled rumble echoed from the direction of the crevices they’d just passed. The ground trembled slightly, sending fragments of stone down.
“What is going on?” the guard captain cried out, his voice tinged with alarm as he stared toward the entrance.
The entrance, which had allowed only one person to pass at a time, was now completely blocked. An enormous boulder had appeared there at some point, and no one had noticed it. It was as if an invisible giant hand had sealed off their escape route from the outside.
“Damn it! Our way back is cut off.” One guard rushed forward and shoved against the massive stone with all his strength, only to find it immovable. It was heavier than he could have ever imagined.
Panic spread as the others rushed forward, hacking at it with swords and axes. They managed only a few white scratches on the boulder’s surface. It didn’t look like any ordinary rock and seemed to be bound by some kind of restriction seal.
“It’s a formation! We’re trapped here!” Judith gasped, her composure cracking.
Grace’s heart sank as well. The path ahead was unknown, and the way back was blocked. They were trapped like fish in a barrel.
“Stay calm,” Dustin said evenly. He walked over to the blocked entrance and pressed his hand against the cold boulder.
He could feel the earth and stone energy contained within, along with the faint fluctuations of the restriction seal.
“This restriction can seal the crevice, but its range is limited. Since someone lured us to this place and then blocked our exit, they must have a purpose. The way out may lie beneath that pool”
Dustin’s gaze returned to the clear pool of water. This time, he observed even more carefully. His divine sense probed into the water, extending downward along the direction of the spring’s upwelling.
The pool was deeper than he’d imagined. After diving roughly 100 feet down, his divine sense reached the bottom.
But on one side of the pool floor, he discovered a secret passage hidden behind waterweeds and rocks. Water flowed through the passage, leading toward unknown darkness in the depths. Dustin withdrew his divine sense and said, “There’s a passage below the water.”
Everyone’s eyes turned toward the deceptively calm pool. A passage ran beneath the water, but no one could tell what dangers it might conceal.
“I’ll go down and scout ahead. The rest of you stay here. If there’s danger, I’ll retreat immediately,” he said, taking a deep breath.
A faint cyan glow flared around his body, shielding him from the water. Then he dove into the pool, his figure vanishing quickly into the shadowy depths.
To the others, the wait felt endless, and silence pressed in around the pool. All they could hear were their own tense breaths and the soft gurgle of the spring. Every second stretched unbearably long.
After what felt like 15 minutes, the group’s unease reached its peak.
With a splash, Dustin’s figure emerged from the water and landed smoothly on the edge of the pool. His true energy had dried his clothes, and his expression remained calm.
“The hidden passage leads to another location. I haven’t discovered any danger for now,” he informed them.
“It’s not a long swim. There’s light at the end, and it appears to be a much larger space. Get ready, everyone. We’ll dive in one after another. Remember to hold your breath, concentrate, and follow close behind me.”
With clear instructions given, no one hesitated any longer.
###Chapter 2691
Guided by Dustin, the surviving guards, along with Grace and Judith, dove into the icy pool one after another. They swam through the dark underwater passage, heading toward the unknown. The tunnel was short, only about 200 feet in length.
A dim light soon appeared ahead. Everyone swam toward it with all their strength, breaching what felt like a thin, silken veil of water before their heads emerged above the surface. What greeted them was an enormous naturally formed cavern.
Countless stalactites hung from the ceiling, glowing with soft white light that illuminated the entire cavern. At the center lay another pool, connected to the one they’d come from.
Growing along the cave walls were strange luminescent mosses and low-growing plants. The air carried a faint, sandalwood-like fragrance that calmed the mind. But what shocked them most was what sat in one corner of the cave.
Several well-sealed leather pouches treated with special oils lay there, along with a few worn but still sharp weapons and even a small box of healing tablets. It was clear that these items had been left behind by humans.
“Here… Someone’s been here before? And left behind their supplies?” Judith asked, staring at the items in disbelief.
Grace stepped forward to examine the pouches and tablets, confirming they were non-toxic and well-preserved. A look of surprise crossed her face.
“Judging by how well these items have been kept, they haven’t been left here for very long. But who could have left them?” she wondered.
The guards treated the discovery like buried treasure, carefully distributing the water and dried rations among themselves. With their supplies nearly exhausted, these supplies were truly a lifeline.
Dustin, however, didn’t touch the supplies. His gaze fell upon some carvings on the cavern wall, which had simple, archaic lines, not cloud script. The basic pictograms seemed to record some kind of information.
He studied them carefully and saw the murals depicted several human figures battling ferocious monsters. Then they discovered this cave and left their supplies behind.
Finally, the mural pointed toward the far end of the cavern, where a narrow crevice had been deliberately marked. Beyond, it appeared to be a more expansive but also more dangerous area, marked with patterns of roiling clouds and lightning
At the end of the mural was a line of hastily scrawled letters, written with a grim determination.
“To those who come after, if you reach this place, take what supplies you need. The path ahead is treacherous, with nine deaths for every chance at survival. Proceed with extreme caution. Be warned! The one who came before, Ysolde Lazarov.”
“Ysolde Lazarov?”
Grace felt a chill run down her spine at the name.
He was a legendary rogue cultivator 80 years ago, renowned throughout the land. His cultivation had reportedly transcended the limits of mortality. His pursuit of ultimate ascension led him to brave a fabled realm beyond the seas, from which he was never heard from again.
Had he also come to Elysium Isle?
The traces and warnings left by an expert from 80 years ago weighed heavily on them. Even after finding the supplies, the atmosphere, which had briefly lightened, grew tense once more.
If even someone as formidable as Ysolde considered the path ahead to offer only a one-in-ten chance of survival, how much hope could they possibly have?
Everyone’s gaze involuntarily turned toward the narrow crevice the mural had pointed to. From beyond it came the faint sound of wind and thunder. They wondered if that was the direction they would be heading later.
Dustin stared at the inscription, then at the crevice, his expression unreadable. Beyond it, the spiritual energy in the water felt even purer. But alongside that clarity came a pulse of violent, heart-palpitating energy fluctuations.
He couldn’t shake the thought that the Vitalis Pool might lie just beyond.
###Chapter 2692
The warning Ysolde left behind made the atmosphere in the cave even more oppressive. The process of distributing supplies no longer held any relief. Instead, it was carried out with a grim, meticulous caution.
Clean water and dried rations were divided equally among everyone. Grace personally kept the box of healing tablets for emergencies.
They all ate in silence, chewing tasteless rations that felt like sawdust in their mouths. In the corner, the two most severely injured guards sat slumped against the stone wall, their faces ashen.
One had a chest wound from the shadow mist. Though bandaged, a grayish death energy continued spreading from the injury. His breathing came shallow and labored. It was apparent that he was on the brink of death.
The other had lost an arm. Though the bleeding had been stopped, the immense pain and blood loss left him delirious, and he occasionally let out incoherent groans.
Their pitiful state shook the rest of the survivors to their core, rattling their nerves and leaving them tense and on edge.
“Arvo… He probably won’t make it through the night,” a guard with a scar across his face muttered to the wiry man beside him.
His eyes flickered toward the meager pile of remaining supplies. Then, he shot a quick glance toward Dustin, who sat with eyes closed in meditation, and Grace, whose face was lined with worry.
The wiry man was called Slate Harrow. He served as the group’s scout and had always been sharp and known for valuing his own life above all else.
He swallowed the hard crumbs of flatbread in his mouth, his throat bobbing as he whispered in a barely audible voice. ” Maybe it’s better if he doesn’t make it. It
would be one less mouth to feed. Look at our situation, Tyson. The path ahead is clearly a death trap. If even Ysolde fell, what chance…”
He left the question hanging, but his eyes said it all. Tyson Zephran’s eyes darted nervously as he tightened his grip on the water pouch.
“Her Highness is desperate to save His Majesty, and we were ordered to protect her. This is our duty. But… But this is clearly a suicide mission. I’ve got a wife and kids waiting for me back home.”
“Who doesn’t?” another guard, who was missing half an ear, chimed in. “If I’d known this godforsaken place was this evil, I never would’ve accepted this mission. Now the way back is gone, and the road ahead is a deathtrap. With just this much to eat and drink, how long can we hold out?”
The complaints spread among the guards, whose resolve had already been shaky to begin with. Their gazes no longer held determination, only hesitation and despair for the future.
When their eyes occasionally swept over Grace and Dustin, the respect that had once been there was now mixed with faint but unmistakable resentment.
Grace wasn’t oblivious to the shifting mood. She walked over to Arvo, the critically injured and dying guard, and kneeled beside him. Carefully, she helped him take a few sips from her own water ration.
He swallowed with difficulty. His clouded eyes showed a flicker of gratitude, but it was drowned by a deeper, more profound longing for it all to be over.
“Hang in there. We’ll find a way out,” Grace said softly, though the words felt hollow even as she said them.
Arvo’s lips moved slightly like he wanted to say something, but only a faint rasp escaped his throat. His head lolled to the side, and he went completely still.
Another person had died right before their eyes. A heavy, suffocating silence fell over the group.
The one-armed guard watched his comrade breathe his last, his body trembling violently. Suddenly, he let out a hoarse, broken wail. “He’s dead! They’re all dead. We’re going to die too. All of us will die here!”
His mind had clearly collapsed. That single, agonized wail was the spark that finally ignited the tinderbox of fear and despair they had all been holding back.
Kyle Whitmore abruptly shot to his feet, his eyes bloodshot. “Shut your weeping!” he roared. “I don’t want to die here. I want to go home.”
He whirled toward Grace. Though he still maintained a thread of courtesy, his tone turned hostile.
“Your Highness! It’s not that we’re cowards, but the road ahead is a dead end. If even Ysolde couldn’t cross it, what chance do we have? Are we supposed to rely on Mr. Rhys? No matter how capable he is, can he protect all of us? Arvo is dead, and Cyprian is crippled. Who’s next? You or me?”
“Kyle! Watch your mouth!” Rhydian Alastair, the guard captain, barked. But his own face looked just as grim, and his reprimand came out weak and listless.
Grace rose to her feet, her beautiful features set in a mask of frost. Despite the crushing grief and pressure threatening to consume her, she knew she couldn’t afford to lose her composure at that moment.
“Mr. Whitmore, I understand how you feel, but things have come to this point. There’s no point in panicking or complaining. Mr. Rhys is thinking of a solution, and we-”
“Thinking of a solution? What solution?” Slate interrupted with a sinister tone. ”
Your Highness, it’s not that we’ve turned our backs on you. We just see no way to survive. It’s better we split the remaining supplies and take our chances alone than everyone dying here together.”
As he spoke, his eyes drifted toward the remaining water and rations piled in the corner.
“Are you all planning a mutiny?” Judith gasped in shock and fury, drawing her short sword and stepping in front of Grace
“Mutiny?” Tyson snorted coldly and stood up as well, his hand moving to his blade’s hilt. “We just want to live, Ms. Cross. Hand over the tablets and the remaining supplies. We’ll leave on our own. Whether we live or die after that is no longer Her Highness’ concern.”
In an instant, the tension inside the cavern became explosive.
A consensus had formed among five or six of the guards, led by Tyson, Slate, and Kyle. Rather than continue following Grace and the others to their deaths, they might as well seek another way out. At least that way, they’d have a chance at survival.
Grace looked at the men who had once been loyal, now twisted with desperation. Her heart turned to ice. She took a deep breath, struggling to maintain her composure.
“Right now, our only chance of getting through this is if we stick together. If we split up now, our chances of survival will be even lower,” she said.
“With all due respect, Your Highness, it’s following you that’s dangerous. How many have died for this futile quest for the so-called elixir of immortality? If we continue, we’ll all be added to the count,” Kyle retorted.
“He’s right. I’ve got an elderly mother to support and a wife and kids to feed. I don’t want to die in this god-forsaken place,” Tyson agreed.
“Your Highness, please have mercy and let us go,” Slate begged. The pleas from Kyle and his group came in a rush, any last shred of their fighting spirit utterly extinguished.
###Chapter 2693
Kyle and his group clung to the slim hope of taking their share of supplies and finding another way out through the caverns. Even if the chances were slim, it was better than knowingly walking down a dead end with no way back.
Rhydian turned pale with fury. He clenched his fists, wanting to berate them. But when he looked at the comrades he’d fought alongside and saw the fear in their eyes, the harsh words died in his throat. He was just as terrified, but duty and loyalty held him back.
“You… How could you do this?” Judith snapped, her voice tight with frustration as she stamped her foot. “Her Highness has treated you well, and now you would turn tail at the first sign of danger?”
Grace looked at the men before her, tears and snot running down their faces as they pleaded desperately. Her heart was a whirlpool of conflicting emotions. There was disappointment, the chill of betrayal, but even more than that, there was a deep sorrow and helplessness.
She understood their fear. If even a legend like Ysolde regarded the path ahead as a dead end, who wouldn’t be terrified?
It wasn’t that the guards were disloyal, but the relentless horror and the deaths of their comrades had simply crushed their will to survive
Grace took a deep breath, forcing back the sting in her nose. Though her voice was somewhat hoarse, it was exceptionally clear.
“Fine. Since you want to leave, I won’t force you to stay.”
At those words, Kyle, Tyson, Slate, and the others felt a surge of joy.
Grace walked over to the pile of remaining supplies and took stock silently. There were still five pouches of clean water, some dried rations, and a box of healing tablets sitting off to the side.
She picked up three pouches of water and a decent portion of the rations. Then, from the tablet box, she took out a few common wound salves and antidote pills, then carefully wrapped them in cloth. She turned around and handed the bundle to Tyson.
“Your Highness!”
Judith and Rhydian cried out in unison. Grace waved them off, stopping their protest. She looked at Kyle and the others with a complicated expression.
“Everyone has their own path, and I can’t force you. Since you’ve made up your mind to leave, I won’t keep you here. Take these supplies with you, and I hope they’ll help you find a way to survive.”
The men froze. They hadn’t expected her to agree so readily, let alone to willingly give them precious supplies. For a moment, shame, gratitude, and an even more profound sense of confusion welled up in their hearts.
“Your Highness, I…” Tyson began, his voice catching as he accepted the heavy pack with trembling hands.
“Say no more,” Grace interrupted him, a note of weariness in her voice. “Just remember that no matter what lies ahead, stay alive. If you make it back to Oakvale safely, check on my father for me and see if he is well.”
Her words made Tyson and the others hang their heads in shame, unable to look her in the eye.
Grace then turned her gaze to Cyprian, the guard with one arm. “What about you? If you wish to leave, now is the time. You can also get a share of the supplies.”
Cyprian’s cloudy eyes looked at her, then at his empty sleeve. Finally, he gave a bitter smile and shook his head.
He said hoarsely, “In this state, I’m a dead man no matter where I go. I might as well follow you, Your Highness. At least, my death might mean something.”
He chose to stay. Perhaps it was resignation to fate, or maybe it was one last show of loyalty to Grace.
The other two guards hesitated for a long time. They glanced at their comrades, who were determined to leave, then at Dustin, whose calm expression revealed nothing.
In the end, the two gritted their teeth and stepped over to stand beside Rhydian, choosing to stay. Tyson, Kyle, Slate, Severin Lucent, and Darius Wayland took the supplies Grace had given them and saluted her.
They cast guilty looks at the rest of their comrades before turning and walking with heavy steps toward another passage in the cavern. Soon, they disappeared into the dark tunnel.
Only seven people remained in the cave-Grace, Judith, Dustin, Rhydian, the one-armed Cyprian, and the two other guards who had chosen to stay. 2
The atmosphere was still thick with despair, but the tension of the standoff had broken, replaced by a grim and tragic resolve.
Dustin, who had remained silent throughout the entire exchange, slowly opened his eyes. His gaze lingered on Grace for a moment, and a barely perceptible hint of approval flickered in his expression.
He didn’t comment on those who had left. Instead, he said indifferently, “Everyone has their own path. Forcing them to stay serves no purpose. Those with weak resolve would only become liabilities if they stayed.”
Grace nodded and understood the principle. Letting them leave was both a magnanimous act and a way to eliminate the weak links.
“Let’s rest for a while, then we’ll move on, “Grace said calmly, though it now carried a newfound resolve born from making difficult choices. “The road ahead is dangerous. But since we’ve chosen this path, we have to see it through.”
Dustin gave a slight, almost imperceptible nod and closed his eyes again, returning to his meditative state. He knew the real trial had just begun.
###Chapter 2694
After a short rest, Grace let out a soft, steadying breath. She then turned to look at those who had stayed behind.
Rhydian’s eyes were resolute. The other two guards gripped their weapons tightly despite their pale faces. Cyprian sat slumped against the cave wall, his gaze hollow yet carrying a hint of resigned calm. Meanwhile, Judith looked at her with worry written all over her face.
Finally, Grace’s eyes settled on Dustin. He remained in meditation, eyes closed, seemingly detached from the world and its troubles. That transcendent calm somehow calmed her restless heart.
“Let’s go,” she said. Her voice regained its customary chill, but now underpinned by a grim, do-or-die resolve. As if on cue, Dustin opened his eyes. He gave a single, curt nod. Without a word, he led the way toward the narrow passage at the far end of the cavern.
The tunnel was cramped and damp, forcing them to proceed in single file, bent double. The air was thick with the smell of damp earth and decay. It was a stark contrast to the faint, sandalwood-like scent that had lingered in the main cavern.
They moved cautiously, afraid of triggering some unknown restriction seal. After half an hour, a faint glow appeared ahead. It was accompanied by a strange scent that mixed earthy fragrance with a sweet, medicinal aroma
Pushing through the vines hanging over the passage exit, the sight ahead made everyone hold their breath. It was as if they had stepped into a corner forgotten by time.
An enormous cavern stretched out before them, half natural and half carved by hands. Countless cracks in the ceiling let in dappled sunlight, illuminating the ground.
There lay a sprawling, long-abandoned medicinal garden, still teeming with countless strange and exotic plants. The outlines of the garden beds were still faintly visible, bordered by a kind of smooth, milky-white stone, though most had now crumbled into ruin.
Weeds and rampant vines choked the area, obscuring its once-orderly layout. Yet, amidst the decay, a host of strange plants thrived. Each had a unique shape and glowed with a soft, spiritual light. A faint medicinal fragrance filled the air.
One was crimson red, its leaves like flickering flames that gave off a wave of warmth. Another had branches of icy blue, dusted with a delicate frost that chilled the immediate air.
Some had bowl-sized flowers of shifting rainbow hues that swayed as if in a private breeze. Most miraculously, one plant bore fruits the size of a baby’s fist, crystal-clear orbs within which miniature galaxies seemed to swirl.
“Oh my god! These are all…”
Judith’s eyes filled with shock. Though she couldn’t identify these rare herbs and flowers, the rich vitality and spiritual energy they emanated was unmistakable.
Even the well-traveled guard captain, Rhydian, was dumbfounded. He had never seen so many legendary spirit-fungi and herbs before. These were things he’d only heard of in myths.
Grace hurried over to a plant about half a person’s height. Its stem was emerald-green, crowned with a single, golden fruit the size of a grape.
She said excitedly, “This… Could this be Glazeleaf Fungi? And over there, with the seven-star pattern on its silver-glowing leaves, is the Astral Vale Leaf. These are spiritual ingredients thought to be lost to the ages.”
She scanned their surroundings, her astonishment growing with every glance.
“Vermillion Flame Fruit… Crystalline Snow Lotus… Illusion-Heart Orchid… This place is a treasure vault of primordial spiritual botany.”
Though Grace was a princess, privy to the royal family’s collections, the sheer depth of the garden’s heritage left her profoundly shaken. The value of these plants, if they could be retrieved, was simply incalculable.
Dustin’s gaze, however, didn’t linger on these precious herbs. He walked slowly along the overgrown ridges, his sharp eyes scanning the garden’s edges and the most severely damaged areas. His divine sense meticulously probed every inch of the soil and every single plant
“While these spiritual herbs are valuable, something about this place… doesn’t feel right,” he commented.
He suddenly stopped, crouching down to pinch a bit of soil between his fingers. The earth wasn’t the usual rich black or brown, but a dull, sinister red, like clay mixed with old, dried blood. It was unnervingly warm to the touch.
His gaze drifted toward the heart of the garden, where several broken stone tablets stood, shrouded in a mossy veil. Faint traces of ancient, cloud-like script were still visible beneath the green cover.
Grace also noticed those tablets. She suppressed her excitement and walked over to Dustin’s side, joining him in deciphering the inscriptions.
Most of the inscriptions were incomplete, recording only the names, properties, and harvesting methods of some spiritual herbs. But on one of the larger broken tablet fragments, the remaining text made both of their expressions grow grave.
“The enraged King smote the Wicked Dragon at Elysium Isle. The land was soaked in its blood, and all life withered. Only those that absorbed the dragon blood’s malevolent energy survived and gained its power, leading to strange mutations…
“The waters of Vitalis Pool can cleanse impurities, but the ‘Dragonblood Fruit’ that grows at the poolside is the condensed essence of the dragon’s malevolent energy.
“Though it resembles the elixir of immortality, it is in truth a supremely evil thing. Those who consume it will have their spirit and soul destroyed, or transformed into dragon puppets… Beware! Beware!”
“Dragon blood soaking the land… Dragonblood Fruit…” Grace whispered, her body trembling as a chill crept up from deep within.
She recalled the mural depicting the sealed “Wicked Dragon” and the creature’s unnerving ability to regenerate. The strange events on Elysium Isle and this so-called elixir of immortality seemed to point back to that same creature.
###Chapter 2695
Dustin pointed at the inscription on the tablet, specifically the lines that read, ” Though it resembles the elixir of immortality, it is in truth a supremely evil thing”, and “Those who consume it will have their spirit and soul destroyed, or transformed into dragon puppets.”
“It seems the rumors we heard about the elixir of immortality likely refer to this Dragonblood Fruit,” he said grimly. “It’s not a real elixir at all, but a corrupted creation born from the Maleficar Dragon’s lingering essence mixing with the life force of this place.”
The revelation hit Grace like a physical blow, draining the color from her face. After all the hardship and the lives lost along the way, what she had been pursuing was actually a “supremely evil elixir” that could destroy one’s soul or turn them into a monster.
“How… How can this be?” she stammered, stepping back in shock. Was this the end of her only hope to cure her ailing father.
Just then, one guard who stayed behind swallowed hard when he saw the medicinal herbs in the garden emitting a tempting spiritual light.
Not far from him, he spotted a plant bearing plump red fruits. The fruits looked juicy and full, their scent enticing, as if containing vast amounts of energy.
He thought that even if it wasn’t an elixir of immortality, these herbs had to be worth something. Perhaps they could at least strengthen the body or improve one’s cultivation.
Given that Grace had exhausted herself trying to save Valon, the guard thought of gathering some of these herbs. Without thinking, he reached out his hand to pluck one of the red fruits.
“Don’t move!” Dustin shouted sharply, but he was too late.
Just as the guard’s fingers were about to touch the fruit, something went horribly wrong. The once-docile plant suddenly shuddered. The red fruit burst open, spewing a thick cloud of crimson mist that instantly engulfed him.
At the same time, the ground beneath the plant’s roots bulged upward. Several crimson tendrils like vines shot out with lightning speed, coiling tightly around his arms and calves.
The guard let out a blood-curdling scream as the crimson mist swallowed him. His skin began to shrivel and gray before their eyes, as if every drop of life essence had been drained from his body. The crimson tendrils were like bloodsucking leeches, frantically absorbing his life force.
“Save him!” Rhydian roared, his eyes wide with panic. He drew his blade and rushed forward.
“Stay away from that crimson mist!” Dustin shouted. He extended his fingers in a sword gesture and released a sharp sword aura that sliced clean through the crimson tendrils.
A wet hiss filled the air as the tendrils were severed, dark crimson sap spraying from the cuts and emitting an even stronger scent of blood.
But the guard had already collapsed, eyes wide open in terror and agony. He was already dead. His body looked as if it had been left to dry for years, reduced to nothing but skin and bones.
The horror had unfolded in an instant, leaving the rest of the group frozen in silence.
After draining the guard’s life essence, the plant had become even more vibrant. The severed tendrils wriggled back underground. Even the split fruit slowly closed up as if nothing had happened.
The garden returned to its tranquil state, and the spiritual herbs released their sweet scent. Yet beneath that calm beauty lurked something deadly.
“These spiritual herbs… can actually absorb human life force,” Judith whispered, voice trembling, as she hid behind Grace.
Dustin stared grimly at the plant that had returned to its “calm” state, then glanced at the other seemingly harmless spiritual herbs.
He said slowly, “Dragon blood has soaked this land, causing the living things here-plants, beasts-to undergo bizarre transformations. They’ve become predatory, sustaining their corrupted existence by devouring the life essence of other living things.”
He surveyed this seemingly peaceful herb garden and added coldly, “This place isn’t a paradise, but a cursed garden of slaughter. Every one of these so-called precious spiritual herbs could be hiding a deadly trap.”
Grace looked at the guard who had died tragically, then at the garden full of ” spiritual herbs.” Her heart sank at the sight.
The truth behind the so-called elixir of immortality was devastating, and the herb garden was even more terrifying. She’d held onto a sliver of hope that perhaps they could find other harmless spiritual herbs to cure her father. But now, that hope seemed even more distant.
“Dragonblood Fruit… The waters of Vitalis Pool can cleanse impurities…” she murmured, repeating the words from the stone tablet, and a faint glimmer of hope flickered back into her eyes.
She turned to Dustin, “The inscription says the waters of the Vitalis Pool can cleanse the dragon’s tainted blood. Could it mean the elixir of immortality still exists? Maybe it just needs a specific refinement method. Or maybe the waters of Vitalis Pool themselves have the power to heal and extend lives?”
Dustin thought it over for a moment before nodding.
“It’s possible,” he replied. “The Maleficar Dragon’s corrupted essence is malevolent, but every force has its counterbalance. If something as vile as the Dragonblood Fruit could take root, then a sacred counterpart might also exist. The pool could be the key.
His gaze turned toward the depths of the herb garden, where mist swirled and the sound of flowing water seemed to drift from within
“It’s not just about finding the Vitalis Pool. We have to tell which path leads to salvation and which one leads to ruin. From here on, we must tread with extreme caution,” he added, his voice edged with warning.
Everyone looked at the guard’s withered corpse, their hearts heavy with dread.
The Elysium Isle wasn’t just testing them with beasts and deadly terrain, but also with temptation and deceit. Finding a way out of this would require not just strength, but wisdom and a heart unswayed by illusion.
The party set out again, steering clear of the herbs that gave off a tempting glow but hid deadly traps. They moved cautiously toward the deeper part of the garden, following the faint sound of running water.
A thread of hope remained, but the path ahead was growing more treacherous.
###Chapter 2696
As Dustin and the others navigated through the perilous herb garden, every step felt like walking through a minefield. The spiritual herbs that glowed so enticingly now seemed no different from snarling demons in everyone’s eyes.
Following close behind Dustin, everyone was on edge as they avoided areas with abnormal energy fluctuations. As they reached the far end of the garden, the mist thickened, and the sound of running water grew clearer.
They finally broke through the last layer of mist blocking their vision, and the sight left them speechless.
A vast expanse of calm water spread out before them, its mirrorlike surface glowing a dreamlike shade of blue. A dense spiritual energy hung above its surface, so thick it almost looked tangible.
Each breath they took filled them with renewed strength and calm. Even the internal energy they had depleted earlier in the mist zone and poisonous gas was slowly recovering.
At the center of the lake, a small island could vaguely be seen. Through the mist, they could make out the silhouettes of pavilions and towers.
“It’s the Vitalis Pool! This must be it,” Judith exclaimed excitedly, her eyes glimmering with hope. Even Cyprian, a man of few words, showed a faint flicker of light in his dull and lifeless eyes.
But near the shore of Vitalis Pool, the scenery no longer matched the paradise around it. The once clear blue water had turned a strange, diluted dark crimson. A faint, violent energy seeped from the surface, clashing with the pool’s natural calm and twisting the harmony of the place.
The soil along the shore had also turned crimson, identical to the earth in the herb garden. Twisted, grotesque plants grew near the lake, radiating the same energy waves as the mutated spiritual herbs the group had seen earlier.
“Dragon blood has stained the water…
Even the Vitalis Pool wasn’t spared,” Grace said, looking at the apparently divided yet intertwined blue and crimson waters with a complicated emotion.
The source of their salvation was right before them. But it, too, had been tainted by the Maleficar Dragon’s corrupted essence.
As they studied the area and searched for a way to reach the island at the center of the pool, a calm, elderly voice suddenly rang out.
“Honored ones, it is no small feat to have overcome so many trials and reached the shores of the Vitalis Pool.”
Everyone was startled and turned toward the source of the voice. They saw an elderly man, who had suddenly appeared at some point, sitting cross-legged on a smoothed boulder by the shore.
It was the same elderly man they had met earlier in the courtyard. He wore the same pale, faded robe. His hair and beard were both white, and his face was gaunt and refined.
There was a depth in his eyes that gave nothing away. He regarded them calmly, as if he had been waiting there for ages. His appearance was seamless, barely noticed by anyone. The guards immediately tensed up.
Rhydian instinctively stepped in front of Grace, gripping his blade handle like he was facing a formidable enemy. Every instinct screamed that the elderly man was far more dangerous than any of the savage beasts they had faced.
Dustin’s eyes narrowed slightly. He stepped forward, placing himself between the group and the elderly man.
He spoke calmly, neither submissive nor arrogant. “Sir, since you have been waiting for us, may we ask what guidance you can offer us?”
The elderly man smiled faintly and flicked his staff. His gáze swept over them all before finally settling on Dustin.
He sighed and replied, “I dare not offer you guidance. I am Cyran Xalvador, and I have spent many years on this island. Today, I’ve finally met the hero who defeated Thymaleon, broke Mirage’s illusion, and uncovered the herb garden’s secret. It’s fate that has brought you here.”
His voice was calm and devoid of hostility. Instead, they carried the weariness and detachment of someone who has experienced many hardships. Grace was moved by his words and stepped forward with a graceful nod.
“It is an honor to meet you, Mr. Xalvador. I am Grace Linsor. Since you already know who we are, I am sure you understand why we have come. I have risked my life to seek the elixir of immortality to save my dying father. I humbly ask for your mercy and guidance.”
Cyran looked at her, and a trace of sympathy flashed in his eyes. He sighed softly. “I admire your devotion to your father. However, the ‘elixir of immortality’ you seek is not what you imagine it to be.”
He pointed first to the small island at the center of the Vitalis Pool, shrouded in mystical mist, and then to the crimson waters along the shore.
“This island is called Elysium Isle,” he said slowly. “It is not a paradise or sanctuary for immortals, as the legends say.
“At the very heart of the island lay a colossal binding seal, crafted eons ago to hold the Void-Tyrant Dragon in check. It is the same dragon you saw in the murals, the beast that sought to devour all life and spiritual energy in this world.”
“Void-Tyrant Dragon…” Dustin murmured, feeling the concepts of primordial chaos and absolute destruction woven into its very syllables.
“That’s right. It’s the Void-Tyrant Dragon, “Cyran said solemnly.
He went on, “Its power originates from chaos and can corrode all things and distort living beings. The undying fierce beats you encountered before, the demon spirits in the mist, the mind-bending mirages, and even those bloodthirsty mutated spiritual plants in the herb garden.
“All of them exist because the binding seal has aged over time, allowing its corrupted essence to leak out in wisps and contaminating the island’s mountains, rivers, vegetation, and trees.”
His gaze returned to Grace, carrying a trace of compassion. “And the so-called elixir of immortality you seek… Its primary ingredient is the Dragonblood Fruit that can only coalesce by absorbing the foundational, malignant energy of the Void -Tyrant Dragon itself.”
Grace had already suspected it from the inscriptions in the herb garden. But hearing the confirmation from Cyran, who seemed to be a guardian of Elysium Isle, made her head spin. A profound sense of helplessness washed over her.
“Are you saying the elixir of immortality is an of pure evil?” she asked, suppressing the turmoil in her emotions.
“Precisely,” he confirmed with an affirmative nod.
He continued solemnly, “The Dragonblood Fruit contains the Void-Tyrant Dragon’s most concentrated essence of malice and life force. It may seem capable of regenerating flesh and resurrecting the dead, but in truth, it consumes the user’s own soul and lifespan.
“Moreover, there is the possibility of being corrupted by the malevolent energy and transforming into a dragon puppet that only knows slaughter. This elixir is not a medicine to save lives but a death talisman and a soul-destroying poison.”
###Chapter 2697
The color drained from Grace’s face as she heard Cyran’s words. The sliver of hope she had been clinging to was now on the verge of shattering completely because of his revelation.
She could almost picture her father consuming that elixir of immortality, only to transform into something monstrous.
The vision crushed her beneath a wave of despair and helplessness. Judith quickly kneeled to support her, and her eyes reddened as well.
Dustin watched in silence, offering no words of comfort. He knew some realities had to be faced head-on. Cyran looked at the distraught Grace and sighed.
“Young lady,” he said gently, “it’s not that I would deny your devotion to your father, but fate is cruel. To harness the essence of the Void-Tyrant Dragon is like drinking poison to quench your thirst. In the end, it would only hasten its escape from the binding seal.
“When that happens, countless lives will be lost and everything you hope to protect will vanish. This is the weight of great karma, a sin far too heavy for anyone to bear.”
He paused, then his gaze swept over Dustin and the others before continuing, “I, along with Thymaleon, Mirage, and another, am the guardian of this island’s binding seal. Our duty has been passed down through generations to prevent the dragon from breaking free.
“Though your intrusion here was unintentional, it has still intensified the binding seal’s instability. Heed my advice and leave now before you venture into the heart of the island.
“The spiritual herbs you’ve found on this island may help treat ordinary ailments if purified properly, but to think they can reverse death is sheer delusion.”
His warning was earnest and carried serious consequences, exposing the ultimate secret of Elysium Isle and the cruel truth behind the elixir of immortality.
Should Grace persist on the path that could trigger catastrophe for a slim chance at saving her father? Or should she abandon her final hope for the greater good, leaving with the bitter weight of having failed her duty to him?
Her head drooped slightly, and her shoulders trembled as an unprecedented internal struggle raged within her.
The memory of her father’s kindness, her mother’s dying words, the hopes of a nation resting on her shoulders, and Cyran’s description of the Void-Tyrant Dragon breaking free and destroying everything-all of it collided in her mind.
Dustin stood quietly beside Grace. He didn’t urge her to decide, knowing this was a choice only she could make.
After a long silence, she slowly lifted her head. The tears on her cheeks hadn’t yet dried, but her eyes gradually became clear and resolute.
She looked at Cyran, her voice hoarse but carrying the strength of someone who had finally broken through her doubts as she said, “Sir, I understand your advice.”
She took a deep breath and continued slowly, “As a daughter, I can never forget my duty to save my father. But as a princess, I must put the welfare of all people first.
“If my selfish desires unleash this evil and bring suffering to countless lives, my father would never forgive me, even if he recovered, and neither could I. I would rather die than live with that guilt.”
She struggled to her feet and added, ” Thank you for showing me the truth. I am willing to give up the search for the Dragonblood Fruit.”
The moment she said those words, the weight on her shoulders lifted. However, it was replaced by a grief even heavier than before.
“For one so young to understand righteousness so clearly is truly rare,” Cyran said. A flicker of admiration and relief passed through his eyes.
But then his tone shifted, layered with a new, unspoken meaning “However… Your father may still have a chance with his condition.”
Grace’s head snapped up, and a faint spark of hope reignited in her eyes. Cyran looked toward the heart of the Vitalis Pool, where the spiritual energy was most dense.
He said slowly, “The water at the pool’s core is concentrated with the natural essence of the world. It naturally possesses the effect of cleansing impurities and nourishing vitality.
“While they cannot truly bring back the dead, they might offer a sliver of hope of extending life or treating chronic ailments. However…”
His expression darkened. “The central zone is the binding seal’s most vulnerable spot, a place where the Void-Tyrant Dragon’s consciousness can probe. It is extremely dangerous.
“And remember, I am not the only guardian of this seal. Thymaleon was defeated by you, and Mirage’s illusions were broken. Though they’ve temporarily retreated, we don’t agree on how to handle this situation…”
Cyran left the sentence unfinished, but his meaning was clear. The path ahead remained fraught with danger and uncertainty.
Grace wiped her tears away, her resolve hardening into something unshakeable.
“Even if there is only a sliver of hope, I would walk through a den of dragons and a valley of demons to grasp it. Please show us the way,” she said.
Cyran looked at her, then at the unwavering Dustin. With a flick of his staff, he pointed toward the Vitalis Pool, where blue and crimson waters swirled together.
“To reach the core, you must cross the Featheredge Deep. Upon its surface, no feather floats, and no bird can fly. Only by using your own pure spiritual energy or special magical artifacts can you temporarily part the waters and create a path. And beneath the waters… your true trial awaits.”
His words hit them hard, leaving a weight that wouldn’t lift. The terror of the Void-Tyrant Dragon, the disagreements among the guardians, and the slim hope at the core of the Vitalis Pool made the burden of their decision feel even heavier.
###Chapter 2698
“Featheredge Deep…” Grace murmured, staring at the deceptively calm blue waters before her. Even light seemed faintly swallowed by its depths. She could sense the strange law-based power lurking within and frowned.
The saying that feathers wouldn’t float and birds couldn’t fly was no exaggeration. Though her cultivation was strong, she doubted she could make a path on such uncanny waters for long.
Dustin crouched at the edge. He gathered a strand of mystical pure energy at his fingertip and slowly dipped it into the water.
His energy entered without stirring a single ripple. Instead, it sank into what felt like thick gel, each inch of progress growing harder. An invisible, erosive force rapidly ate away at that strand of energy.
“It does contain unique laws of sinking and dissolution,” he said impassively, withdrawing his finger.
“Ordinary lightfoot techniques are useless here,” he continued. “You’d need to form an isolation barrier with your own spiritual energy, or… Use a special artifact imbued with spatial or water-parting abilities.”
He glanced at Grace, Rhydian, and the others, knowing none of them had such resources. Grace turned to Cyran, asking earnestly, ” Sir, is there a safe way to cross?”
Cyran waved his staff lightly and pointed toward the area along Vitalis Pool’s shore that had been tainted by the crimson malevolent energy.
“Featheredge Deep is dangerous, but not endless. If you follow along the edge of this contaminated water, you may find a stone path leading to the central region. But after so many years and with the corruption from the malevolent energy, I can’t guarantee the path remains intact. Plus, that area…”
He paused and added solemnly, “Wherever dragon blood malevolent energy flows, the spawned evil creatures are even more strange and ferocious. You all must exercise extreme caution.”
The path ahead was far from easy, but it seemed to be their only viable option. The group began their careful exploration along the shore of Vitalis Pool by following the blurred boundary where deep blue met crimson water.
The dragon blood-contaminated region presented a scene utterly different from the pure Vitalis Pool. The water was murky and dark, reeking of blood and sulfur. The ground along the shore was scorched black, riddled with bulging crimson veins that twisted like exposed blood vessels.
Grotesquely shaped plants, saturated with thick, malevolent energy, grew wildly in this place. Some resembled outstretched claws, while others constantly dripped corrosive slime. The air was thick with a chaotic energy that continuously assaulted everyone’s minds.
Rhydian and the two other guards had to constantly circulate their internal energy just to resist it, their faces turning pale. Even Judith couldn’t shake the unease that prickled her mind.
Dustin led the way, his energy field parting the chaotic currents around him wherever he went. The turbulence split before him, unable to reach his body. His gaze was sharp and alert for hidden threats, while he carefully studied the terrain ahead.
After traveling for roughly half an hour and rounding a field of jagged rocks, the scene before them made them all gasp sharply.
A wide, sunken clearing stretched beside the crimson lake. At its center stood an ancient altar roughly ten feet tall, built from massive black stones.
The circular surface was etched with countless twisted, unsettling runs. These runes weren’t cloud script, but rather a far older script that exuded a palpable sense of foreboding. The characters seemed to writhe like insects and serpents, making anyone dizzy after looking at them for too long
Around the altar stood several broken stone pillars with rust-eaten chains still bound to them. But the most horrifying detail was the large patches of dark brown dried bloodstains covering its surface and the surrounding ground.
A dense mix of blood and dark energy poured off the altar, so heavy it felt almost solid. The malevolence resonated with the dragon blood in the lake, turning the air cold and dense.
Beneath the altar, remnants of more recent events were scattered. Several broken swords and blades whose designs weren’t the standard-issue weapons Grace’s guards carried lay among tattered scraps of cloth.
There were even a few corpses that had not fully decomposed. The way the skeletons were positioned told a grim story. They’d suffered terribly before dying, bound tight to the altar.
“This… This is…” Judith stammered, her face turning deathly pale with fright.
Grace was horrified as well, forcing herself to stay composed while examining the scene. The fragments of clothing on the corpses varied in style. Some resembled Central Plains warriors from the kingdom, while others had distinctly foreign attire that belonged to different groups.
Next to one of the bodies lay a bronze waist plaque, about half the size of a palm, its edges charred black. Engraved on it was a twisted image, like ghostly figures writhing in flames.
“Blood ritual… This is an altar for the blood ritual,” Rhydian said. His voice was hoarse, laden with disbelief and terror. ”
Someone’s been using the blood, flesh, and souls of living beings for ritual sacrifices. Could the target of these sacrifices be…”
His gaze was irresistibly drawn toward the depths of the crimson lake, as if some terrifying presence lurked within.
###Chapter 2699
Dustin walked toward the altar, ignoring the intense dark energy emanating from it. He bent down to pick up the bronze waist token. His fingers traced the strange pattern etched into its surface, his eyes glinting with cold detachment
“This wasn’t done by a single group,” he said. “Judging from the age of the bloodstains and the style of the items left behind, at least three different factions have performed blood rituals here over the past few decades.”
He then moved to a relatively intact corpse. After examining the bones, he noticed the man’s sternum had turned an unnatural dark gold, covered in fine cracks.
“This individual’s cultivation was not weak. He was at least in the Grandmaster realm when he was alive. But the cause of death… It seems like some force violently drained all his essence and soul. Even the spiritual essence in his bones was stripped away.”
“Were the blood rituals meant to communicate with the Void-Tyrant Dragon? Or to weaken it?” Grace asked with a frown.
She recalled what Cyran had said about the binding seal weakening over time and its malevolent energy leaking out. If someone deliberately used a blood ritual to contact the Void-Tyrant Dragon or to draw on the ritual’s negative energy to weaken the seal, the situation was far more dire than it seemed.
“It’s possible,” Dustin said, rising to his feet.
His gaze swept across the entire altar before settling on a recessed stone trough at the center that seemed designed to hold offerings. The inner walls of the trough were smooth, carrying the strongest scent of blood and a trace of an extremely faint yet profane and destructive energy fluctuation.
“This kind of blood ritual could not only weaken the binding seal, but might even provide the Void-Tyrant Dragon with the nourishment it needs to break free, drawn from the essence and dark energy of living beings.”
The revelation hit everyone hard. The crisis on Elysium Isle wasn’t just the result of a weakening seal or the evil creatures spawning on the island. It also resulted from deliberate sabotage by certain ill-intentioned people from outside the world.
“Who could’ve done this? And what are they after?” Grace asked, feeling a chill run through her.
Whoever had managed to locate Elysium Isle and set up a blood altar for such a twisted ritual had to be part of a powerful faction.
Dustin replied, “Their motive’s unclear. But maybe they’re trying to harness the Void-Tyrant Dragon’s malevolent energy.
“It would explain why the beasts on this island have become so aggressive and violent, as well as why the binding seal keeps weakening. The ongoing blood rituals are like pounding on a dam that’s already covered in cracks.”
His gaze deepened as he stared toward the heart of the Vitalis Pool.
He went on, “It seems we need to move faster. Our mission is no longer just to find the Vitalis Pool but also to figure out who was behind all this. The disagreement that Mr. Xalvador mentioned earlier is probably connected to these blood rituals too.”
Just then, Cyprian, who had been silently observing, pointed toward a large, dark rock near the water’s edge behind the altar.
“There’s something written there…” he rasped.
They all looked in that direction and saw that the side of the reef facing the altar appeared to have some hastily carved letters scratched into it with a sharp weapon. The writing was dark red, as if it had been written in blood.
“Blood as the guide, souls as the sacrifice, I beseech the Dragon Lord to grant me great power… Black Wraith shall never die…”
The message ended abruptly, as if the writer had met with misfortune or been forced to stop.
“Black Wraith?”
Grace and Rhydian exchanged glances, both seeing confusion in each other’s eyes. Neither had ever heard of that name before. Dustin silently memorized it, along with the strange symbol carved beside it.
Something told him the Black Wraith, the blood altar, and whoever was seeking the Void-Tyrant Dragon’s malevolent energy were all connected.
The discovery of the altar hung over the group like a dark cloud, adding yet another layer of dread and urgency to an already perilous journey.
“Let’s go. Keep looking for the stone path, “Dustin said, shoving his swirling thoughts aside. He turned and led the way out of that blood-soaked place of death and dark energy.
The group followed behind him in grim silence. The atmosphere grew even heavier. Everyone knew time was running out.
They continued searching along the lakeshore. After traveling more than a mile, they finally found a narrow, half-concealed path paved with white stones. It was hidden behind a cluster of strange, foul -smelling water plants.
The stone path lay half-submerged in the crimson lake water, like a fragile thread leading toward unknown hope. As everyone stepped on it, they could clearly feel faint spiritual energy fluctuations transmitting from beneath their feet.
It was this force that resisted the sinking and dissolving power of the Featheredge Deep. However, the path was narrow and slippery, barely wide enough for one person to pass carefully.
The crimson lake water on both sides, emanating blood and dark energy, was like the jaws of a ravenous beast ready to devour people. Everyone moved with absolute focus, afraid to slip for even a moment.
Grace followed closely behind Dustin, taking each step with extreme caution. But her thoughts churned turbulently. The discovery of the blood ritual altar loomed over her like a massive dark cloud.
Besides the island’s natural dangers, a hidden evil faction lurked in the shadows, stirring restlessly. This added several more layers of weight and unease to her already faint hope for her father.
Rhydian and the two guards walked behind them, their spirits highly tense. Not only did they need to steady their footing, but they also had to remain constantly vigilant against any disturbances that might emerge from the lake water on either side.
Judith supported the one-armed Cyprian as they walked in the middle. Under the erosion of the surrounding dense malevolent energy, his complexion grew increasingly worse, and his breathing became labored.
Just as the group reached the middle section of the path, with neither end visible and completely immersed in this eerie body of water, a sudden change occurred.
###Chapter 2700
The crimson lake, which had been stirring faintly, suddenly began to churn violently as if some colossal creature were awakening beneath the surface.
In the next moment, monstrous tentacles, each as thick as a water barrel, emerged from the lake. They were formed from viscous blood and foul malevolent energy.
With a sickening screech and a gale of coppery stench, the tendrils lashed out like a nest of giant serpents. They whipped and coiled from all directions, aiming to crush and entangle the group on the narrow path.
“Watch out!” Rhydian roared. He swung his blade at the crimson tentacle lunging for Grace. The blade collided with the tentacle, producing the sound of metal clashing against metal as sparks flew.
The tentacle was incredibly resilient and contained powerful corrosive energy. The impact numbed his arm, and his blade was instantly covered with a layer of crimson filth, dimming its spiritual light.
The two other guards also swung their blades to defend, but their attacks had little effect on the endless stream of crimson tentacles. They were quickly forced onto the defensive, struggling to hold their ground.
Judith’s dagger repeatedly struck the tentacles. However, she could only leave shallow pits on them and couldn’t inflict any damage.
“Get behind me!” Dustin commanded in a low voice.
As a tide of crimson tentacles surged toward them, his eyes narrowed with lethal focus. Without drawing his sword, he formed a series of hand seals. The mystical, pure energy around him erupted, coalescing into a massive, swirling apparition-a cyan disk of light that shielded the entire party.
“Mystical Protection. No evil shall pass!” he roared. The crimson tentacles lashed viciously against the disk of light, producing deep, thunderous booming sounds.
The corrupted malevolent energy violently collided with the pure mystical energy, mutually annihilating each other. Thick plumes of black smoke rose into the air
The disk of light rippled intensely, but ultimately held firm against this first wave of savage attacks. However, the assault from the lake did not cease.
More crimson tentacles surged forth from the depths. Instead of ramming against the disk of light, they moved as if alive, coiling around and corroding the edges of the diagram, attempting to break it down.
At the same time, thick crimson mist rose from the lake’s surface. The mist carried intense mental pollution that penetrated protective energy barriers and invaded everyone’s minds, manifesting terrifying visions and seductive whispers to disturb their consciousness.
“Focus your mind!”
Dustin’s voice rang out like a clear spring, washing away the distracting thoughts in everyone’s head. While maintaining the disk of light, his gaze remained coldly fixed on a point deep within the mist.
“Stop hiding! Come out,” he shouted. “Hmph! Your perception is indeed sharp.” A cold, venomous voice cut through the crimson mist.
The churning lake water parted to both sides as a figure radiating dazzling white light slowly rose from the lake bottom, hovering above the crimson water.
It was Thymaleon.
But compared to before, his appearance had changed drastically. He still wore the same white robes, yet they remained spotlessly clean, as if the filth in the lake couldn’t stain them at all.
His originally pale complexion had regained a healthy flush. The pressure radiating from his body was more than twice as strong as before. The cold indifference once in his eyes had been replaced by burning hatred and the twisted thrill of revenge.
Suspended above the crimson lake, his white radiance contrasted sharply with the surrounding gloom, making him look like some unholy god rising out of a pit of corruption.
“Dragonblood Renewal Pill…” Dustin murmured, narrowing his eyes.
He immediately sensed the surging, restless vitality within Thymaleon’s body. The dragonblood malevolent energy inside him carried the same origin as the lake and the blood-soaked altar, but it was far more refined and concentrated.
Obviously, Thymaleon had consumed the pill given by Malthor. Not only had his injuries fully healed, but his strength had surged dramatically.
“Dustin, you didn’t expect this, huh?”
Thymaleon said, his lips twisting into a cruel grin.
“Thanks to you. I’ve not only reconstructed my body, but my elder brother has also bestowed upon me the Dragonblood Renewal Pill. It has greatly enhanced my cultivation. Today marks your death, and the rest of you miserable insects will pay for disturbing my slumber.
He thrust out a finger.
A beam of condensed white light-its edges threaded with crimson bloodlines-tore through space itself. It crossed dozens of yards in an instant and shot toward Dustin’s disk of light.
The power behind this single strike dwarfed anything Thymaleon had mustered before. As it screamed through the air, space itself warped, forming faint ripples. The lake water below was split asunder by the sheer pressure, carving a deep, temporary trench in its surface.
With a loud explosion, the white beam slammed into the heart of the disk of light. This time, the barrier couldn’t fully dissipate the force. It shuddered violently, and a spiderweb of hairline fractures spread across its luminous surface.
Dustin swayed slightly, his expression hardening as he struggled to maintain the barrier.
“See? This is true power!” Thymaleon said, laughing maniacally. His hands moved continuously as white beams wrapped with crimson bloodlines poured down like a violent storm, madly bombarding Dustin’s barrier.
At the same time, the crimson tentacles in the lake became even more ferocious. They coordinated their attacks with Thymaleon’s to continually slam against and corrode the barrier.
Under this combined assault from within and without, the disk of light rapidly dimmed. Cracks spread wider and deeper, and it was clear it wouldn’t hold much longer.
###Chapter 2701
“You guys go first. Follow the stone path and don’t stop,” Dustin commanded in a low voice. Realizing that defense was no longer an option, he withdrew the disk of light and charged forward instead of retreating. His body shot ahead like a flash of cyan light toward the storm of light beams.
His longsword sang as it left the sheath, a sharp, resonant note that cut through the roar. With a flick of his wrist, a torrent of sword light burst forth, forming a rippling cyan barrier in front of him.
The beams struck the barrier in a deafening rhythm of metal and thunder, each impact exploding in blinding flashes.
Most of the attacks shattered against the barrier, but a few slipped through. They slammed into the lake behind him, sending up columns of crimson water and cracking a section of the stone path underfoot.
Rhydian and the others watched with their hearts in their throats, but none dared slow down. Bracing himself against the trembling ground, he shielded Grace, Judith, and Cyprian as they sprinted ahead.
“Trying to run? Did you ask for my permission?” Thymaleon asked with a contemptuous snort.
His figure blurred and vanished from his spot. He materialized before them in the next instant, blocking their path.
He raised his sword finger, and a sharp white arc of energy blade shot forth. The attack carried the power to tear through anything in its path, aiming toward Rhydian in the lead.
The strike came as fast as lightning, and Rhydian had no time to react. At that critical moment, a streak of cyan sword aura appeared before him out of nowhere, striking the energy arc’s flat side. The collision detonated with a thunderous boom.
The energy blade veered off course, grazing past Rhydian and carving a deep trench through the lake behind him that stretched for hundreds of feet.
Dustin appeared beside him, sword in hand, confronting Thymaleon head-on. His breathing was slightly irregular as he had taken the brunt of several hits from that energy blade while saving Rhydian.
“Your opponent is me,” Dustin said, his gaze locked onto Thymaleon, his voice calm yet edged with iron resolve.
“Fine. I’ll kill you first, then deal with those small fries later,” Thymaleon spat, his eyes flashing with murderous intent.
As he clasped his palms together, the white energy and crimson bloodlines around his body intertwined and compressed wildly into a sphere of raw destruction between his palms.
“Annihilation Wave!” he roared.
Thrusting both palms forward, he hurled the sphere-a horrifying amalgam of white and red churning with destructive power-straight at Dustin.
Like a falling meteor, its momentum was ready to crush everything in its path. Light vanished in its wake, and the air around it warped and screamed in protest.
The strike contained all the strength Thymaleon had gained after consuming the Dragonblood Renewal Pill, combined with the dragon blood malevolent energy he had channeled. Its impact could have leveled a mountain.
Dustin’s eyes narrowed, his expression hardening as he braced for the incoming strike. He knew he couldn’t afford to hold back. The mystical pure energy in his body surged and circulated at unprecedented speed, channeling entirely into his longsword.
The blade trembled and hummed, its cyan light blazing brighter. At the tip, a point of ultimate darkness that seemed capable of devouring all light began to condense and compress.
He raised his sword in a slow, deliberate motion that drew in and commanded the very flow of energy surrounding him. The point of darkness expanded rapidly and transformed into a miniature, slowly rotating black hole suspended before the sword’s tip.
“Mystical Void Return,” Dustin said in a low voice.
His longsword, tipped with the miniature black hole, thrust straight toward the amalgam of white and red annihilation sphere.
There was no earth-shattering explosion, nor any blinding eruption of light. The moment the two powers met, time itself seemed to freeze for an instant. In the next second, a silent yet even more heart-palpitating devouring force erupted from the black hole.
The annihilation sphere, powerful enough to level mountains, began to twist and collapse. Its raging energy was violently pulled, torn apart, and then devoured by the black hole. Within seconds, the sphere dimmed and shrank before disappearing entirely.
The arrogant smirk on Thymaleon’s face instantly stiffened, replaced by shock and disbelief.
“No!” he cried. “That’s impossible. What kind of strength is this? How can it devour dragon’s malevolent energy?”
He desperately channeled every ounce of his strength into stabilizing the annihilation sphere, but it was like trying to hold back the tide with his bare hands. The sphere was being swallowed, and there was nothing he could do to stop it.
Within three seconds, that terrifying annihilation sphere was completely consumed by the black hole at Dustin’s sword tip and vanished without a trace. All that remained was the slowly rotating black hole, radiating a soul-chilling energy wave.
Dustin’s face paled from the effort of channeling the Mystical Void Return technique. Yet, the hand holding his sword remained perfectly steady. The swirling black hole was aimed straight at Thymaleon, as if the next thing to be swallowed would be him.
Staring into that infinite darkness, Thymaleon could feel the core concept of oblivion it embodied. A fear rising from the depths of his soul finally overwhelmed his arrogance and rage.
Even after taking the Dragonblood Renewal Pill and gaining unimaginable strength, the seemingly ordinary Dustin possessed abilities he could neither comprehend nor contend with.
“You… Who the heck are you?” he rasped, trembling in a way he didn’t notice.
Dustin said nothing Seeing him slowly raising the tip of his sword, panic flashed across Thymaleon’s face. He abandoned all pretense of dignity and mission, staggering back in a desperate retreat.
In an instant, he became a streak of white light, racing from the heart of Vitalis Pool without daring to look back. A final roar, raw with fury and hatred, echoed across the lake long after he vanished.
“This isn’t over, Dustin. Elysium Isle will be your burial ground.”
With the formidable enemy retreating, the crisis was temporarily averted. Dustin slowly lowered his sword, the black hole at its tip fading into nothing. He drew a sharp breath to steady the turbulent energies within his body.
Though he had once again driven back Thymaleon, the victory had come at a cost. The final use of Mystical Void Return had nearly drained half his true energy.
Grace and the others finally snapped out of their extreme shock and quickly gathered around him.
“Dustin, are you alright?” Grace asked, concern etched across her face. Seeing his ashen complexion, she felt both relief and worry.
“I’m fine,” he replied, shaking his head. His gaze turned toward the direction Thymaleon had fled, then at the lake water still churning with crimson malevolent energy, and the endless path before them.
Though Thymaleon had retreated, hidden dangers remained. He was sure that the next enemy to come would be much stronger.
###Chapter 2702
“Let’s move. We shouldn’t linger here,” Dustin said. He took the lead, stepping onto the slippery and dilapidated path with steady strides.
However, Grace could sense that the energy waves surrounding him had become even more restrained than before. It was as if he were accumulating strength to face whatever unknown challenges lay ahead.
The group followed in silence, the atmosphere thick and suffocating Rhydian and the other two guards gripped their weapons tightly. Their eyes scanned the churning crimson lake, alert for anything that might surge from the depths.
Judith supported Cyprian, whose condition was worsening by the minute. The corrosive effects of the dragon blood malevolent energy were causing his remaining vital energy to drain away. His eyes were beginning to lose focus.
As they ventured deeper, the surrounding scenery began to change in disturbing ways.
The once clearly demarcated boundary between the deep blue lake waters and the corrupted crimson zone started to blur. The two hues now bled into each other like swirling oil paints, forming an unsettling sight.
The spiritual and malevolent energies in the air had also completely merged, growing violent and chaotic.
Even more unsettling was that everyone began to feel an invisible yet omnipresent pressure. It wasn’t coming from any enemy, but from the very space around them.
The first abnormality was gravity. One moment, everyone felt their bodies grow heavy, as if carrying a thousand-pound burden. Each step became agonizingly difficult, and the stone path beneath their feet seemed to bend downward under the weight.
The next moment, the crushing weight vanished, replaced by a faint upward pull that almost sent them floating off the path. They had to circulate their internal energy with all their strength just to stay grounded.
The fluctuation in gravity was completely unpredictable-heavy one moment, weightless the next. The constant changes.
drained their physical and mental strength.
“Stay calm. Regulate your breathing and adapt to the changes.”
Dustin’s voice cut through the chaos, steadying their nerves. An invisible force field seemed to surround him. It weakened most of the chaotic gravity, but he still had to stay focused to counter it.
However, their trials were far from over. Soon after, the space around them began to warp subtly. The path ahead looked straight, but one wrong step could leave them off course, nearly falling into the lake
s in their vision would stretch at times and compress at others, and even the transmission of light became strange, inducing intense vertigo.
“It’s spatial distortion,” Grace said, her face turning pale.
She focused on using her spiritual energy to sense the true currents of the space around her. But the chaotic energy twisted and churned her divine sense like a violent whirlpool, scattering it in every direction.
One of the guards tried to slash through an area that looked particularly warped. His blade cut through, but it felt like slicing into thick jelly. Not only did the strike slow down, but the blade itself bent slightly. Startled, he quickly withdrew his weapon.
And this was only the beginning. The further they proceeded, the more chaotic the laws of space became. Invisible spatial rifts appeared without warning, like transparent blades, slicing through everything in their path.
One guard couldn’t dodge in time. When a rift grazed the edge of his clothing, it instantly disintegrated into dust, leaving him drenched in cold sweat
At the same time, turbulent elemental energy would erupt. Ghostly blue cold flames suddenly ignited on the left side, while thick ice walls instantly formed on the right. Fire and ice intertwined in a deeply unnatural display.
Occasionally, fragmented illusions from unknown sources would intrude into everyone’s minds, disrupting their perception of reality.
###Chapter 2703
The area felt like a dead zone where the laws of reality itself had broken down. It was a place where even the natural order turned hostile.
Cyprian, already weak and missing an arm, could no longer hold on. When the gravity suddenly doubled, his already weakened body could no longer maintain balance.
Combined with the horrifying illusions constantly flashing through his mind, his foot slipped. He cried out as he fell toward the lake filled with spatial rifts.
“Cyprian!” Judith shouted, lunging to grab him, but a chaotic gust of warped air threw her back. Just as he was about to plunge into certain death, a figure in blue appeared beside him like a ghost.
Dustin grabbed the back of Cyprian’s collar with one hand. With the other, he formed a sword finger and traced several swift motions toward a seemingly calm area ahead that actually concealed densely packed spatial rifts.
A low hum resonated as a strange ripple of energy spread outward. The twisted space seemed to flatten as if an invisible hand had pressed it smooth.
Dustin seized the fleeting moment and grabbed Cyprian. Their form flickered several times as they wove through a hail of invisible spatial blades and a sudden geyser of corrosive energy. At last, they landed safely on the path.
Cyprian collapsed on the ground, gasping for breath. His face was pale with terror from his brush with death. The others were also drenched in cold sweat
Dustin set Cyprian down, his expression even grimmer than before. He surveyed the bizarre, perilous scene around him and spoke in a low, steady voice.
“We’ve reached the heart of the sealing rift’s influence. The Void-Tyrant Dragon’s power has corrupted the natural laws here, creating this Chaotic Realm. Every step could be a trap, so we must not rely on logic and reason.”
He looked at the shaken group, especially at Rhydian, whose internal energy was nearly drained, and his pallid face, as well as the two other guards. He then looked at Cyprian, in his weakened state, and at Judith, whose cultivation was weaker than the others.
“Stay close behind me,” Dustin said firmly.
“Don’t use your divine sense rashly, and try to restrain your energy waves as much as possible to reduce conflict with the chaotic energy.”
The journey ahead grew more treacherous with every step.
Dustin led the way, his eyes glowing faintly with blue-gold light. He didn’t rely solely on divine sense. Instead, he reached out to feel the twisted patterns of energy in the Chaotic Realm and sense the laws of this place as though he were touching the currents of a stormy river.
Sometimes he would stop and signal everyone to hold their breath and stay completely still, waiting for a turbulent energy current ahead to settle.
Other times, he would suddenly change direction, stepping into what looked like an empty void that was actually the only safe path through the distorted space. With perfectly controlled strength, he would shatter nascent spatial rifts before they could fully form.
He was like a helmsman steering through a storm, guided by senses beyond the physical and a deep understanding of the natural laws of this realm.
Grace and the others followed closely behind him. They stepped in each of Dustin’s footprints without daring to make a single misstep.
His figure was not particularly large from behind, yet it looked as though it could bear the weight of this entire chaotic realm. Their awe deepened. This wasn’t just a difference in strength but a gap in mastery, a level far beyond their own.
Within this domain of chaotic laws, even the concept of time had become blurred. No one knew how long they’d been walking. It might have been 15 minutes or an hour. Their bodies ached, and their strength was fading, but sheer will kept them moving.
Suddenly, the despairing twisted scenery ahead began to weaken. Colors gradually returned to normal, and the chaotic gravity and spatial fluctuations grew calmer.
A purer, vast energy swept over them. It still carried a faint, almost imperceptible trace of malevolence, but in every other way it was calm and full of life. They had finally made it through the dead zone.
###Chapter 2704
After passing through the dead zone, a breathtaking sight unfolded before them. At the end of the path lay an enormous circular platform constructed from white stone.
The platform floated above the waters of the Vitalis Pool. It was surrounded by swirling clouds and mist, with spiritual energy condensing in the air like rain. At its center was a spring no more than ten feet wide.
What flowed from this spring was not ordinary lake water, but concentrated spiritual liquid so rich it couldn’t dissolve and shimmered with seven-colored radiance. It turned out this was the source of the pure vitality and spiritual energy.
The moment they crossed through the Chaos Realm and stepped onto the platform, the pure spiritual energy brought no relief. Instead, a pressure heavier and more terrifying than Thymaleon’s, or the chaotic laws themselves, pressed down on them like a mountain.
At the center of the platform, the spring still shimmered with seven-colored spiritual liquid. Above it, the seal’s crack hung open like a bleeding wound with crimson malevolent energy dripping in thin streams. Between the spring and the crack stood a towering figure.
He wore a dark battle robe embroidered with faint gold, and his frame was as imposing as a mountain. His mere presence felt like the immovable pillar anchoring the core of the Vitalis Pool, like a demon guarding the gates of hell itself.
His face was stern and handsome. But within those profound eyes lay an unyielding coldness and an absolute indifference that viewed all living beings as insects.
He was Malthor, chief of the Elysium Isle guardians.
His gaze swept over the battered group, taking in their exhaustion and nearly depleted internal energy. It lingered briefly on the faint royal providence surrounding Grace with a trace of barely perceptible disgust before settling on Dustin like a predator locking onto its prey.
“This is no place for vermin like you,” Malthor said.
His voice was calm and low, yet it carried a strange resonance from the laws of the universe. Every word struck their minds like a hammer, rattling their very souls.
Rhydian and the two guards groaned as blood trickled from the corners of their mouths, their knees threatening to buckle.
Grace and Judith trembled as their faces drained of color.
Only Dustin remained unshaken, standing tall like a pine tree. It was the invisible sword aura flowing around him that quietly pushed back that terrifying pressure.
He met Malthor’s gaze, calm and unflinching. “Is Elysium Isle your private property? We came only to seize the one chance to save a life that hangs in the balance. We mean no disrespect.”
“Save a life?” Malthor sneered. “Set foot here, and you walk straight into death. Your flesh and souls exist only to fuel the revival of the Dragon Lord. That alone is the greatest honor you insects could hope for.”
He didn’t give Grace a chance to plead, as if their purpose and their struggle meant nothing to him.
His gaze fixed on Dustin as he added, ” Especially you. Your body and your soul possess considerable power. You’ll be the perfect candidate for a puppet vessel. Once refined, you will become a formidable Dragon Puppet warrior.”
Malthor remained perfectly still. He raised his left hand casually, fingers flicking as if plucking invisible strings, and quickly formed an ancient, unsettling hand seal in the air.
As soon as the seal was formed, the dense, almost impenetrable spiritual energy around the spring erupted, mixing with the dragon blood malevolent energy. They twisted and surged together, boiling violently.
A low, throbbing hum rolled through the air, and the very space itself seemed to groan under the strain.
Four crimson pillars of light, mixed with seven-colored spiritual liquid, shot skyward from around the spring. Within each pillar, a humanoid silhouette slowly condensed and took form before crashing down to the ground, blocking the path between Dustin’s group and Malthor
Four humanoid puppets stood before them. Their height matched that of ordinary people, and their bodies displayed a dull metallic luster. Yet their surfaces were covered with crimson patterns that pulsed and flowed like the veins of living beings.
Their heads were smooth, featureless, with only two flickering points of scarlet light for eyes that radiated violent, destructive intent.
A heavy, deathly energy wave radiated from them, laced with the dragon blood malevolent energy, and the strange, pulsating vitality of the Vitalis Pool. The mixture of energies created an extremely contradictory and terrifying presence.
Their razor-sharp claws gleamed with a predatory, metallic coldness, and each puppet emitted energy fluctuations no weaker than Thymaleon after he had consumed the Dragonblood Renewal Pill.
Moreover, their energy waves shared the same source and resonated with one another. It was vaguely forming a killing formation that completely sealed off every escape route for Dustin and the others.
“These are my Dragonblood Battle Puppets, refined from the corpses of fallen cultivators, supplemented with dragon blood malevolent energy and Vitalis Pool spiritual liquid,” Malthor said, his voice cold and flat, as if introducing several insignificant creations.
He added, “They possess an undying will to fight and a portion of the power granted by the Void-Tyrant Dragon.”
He looked down upon Grace and the others, whose expressions had now paled. His gaze finally settled on Dustin, with detached indifference, as if granting a favor.
“Should you manage to defeat them…” he said, “You might just earn a sliver of a chance to glimpse the true secret of immortality that lies within Elysium Isle.”
With that, Malthor’s figure, along with the crushing pressure that accompanied him, dissolved like a mirage.
In a flash of dark golden light, he shot toward the central seal on the platform and vanished into the seal’s crack, as if he were never there. His departure was even more abrupt and unsettling than his arrival.
The four Dragonblood Battle Puppets he left behind had their scarlet eyes fixed on Dustin like a predator. A tidal wave of palpable, violent intent crashed down, inundating the entire stone platform.
###Chapter 2705
“Take your positions and protect the princess!” Rhydian gritted his teeth against the searing pain clawing at his mind and let out a raw, guttural roar.
He and the two other guards summoned the last reserves of their internal energy to form a makeshift triangular defensive formation, shielding Grace, Judith, and the dying Cyprian behind them.
But they all knew that before these four terrifying puppets, their defense was as flimsy as paper. Still, the fight could erupt at any moment.
Deep within Elysium Isle, the opulent palace remained untouched by the chaos outside. Wine and meat flowed freely, and the decadent music never stopped playing.
Malthor’s figure appeared silently on his enormous white recliner, as if he had never left at all. Lysander stopped playing his lap harp and asked with a smile, “Malthor, you’re back?
Talmor and Valindra also turned their gazes toward him. Malthor ignored them. He merely reclined lazily, casually accepting the wine offered by a woman at his side. However, his gaze was fixed on the center of the hall.
A massive mirror, rippling like water, suddenly appeared in the empty air. Through its surface, the white stone platform at the heart of the Vitalis Pool came into view. Dustin stood there as he prepared to fight, and the four Dragonblood Battle Puppets glowed with menacing energy.
“Oh? So that’s the punk who defeated Thymaleon and even broke through the Mirage’s illusion?” Talmor asked, sitting up with newfound interest and staring at the water mirror.
Valindra covered her mouth and chuckled, her eyes sparkling with mischief. “He does have rather handsome features. I wonder how many moves he can last under Malthor’s Dragonblood Battle Puppets? Wouldn’t it be dreadfully boring if he got torn to shreds right away?”
Lysander plucked a teasing note from his lap harp. “To force Malthor into deploying all four battle puppets is no small feat. Let’s see what supreme divine power this punk possesses.”
Malthor slowly sipped his wine. His indifferent gaze stared at Dustin in the water mirror, as though watching an impending gladiatorial match.
On the white stone platform, Dustin faced four Dragonblood Battle Puppets whose energy waves were interconnected and radiating a deadly pressure. He knew any attempt at testing their strength would be pointless.
He drew a deep breath, and his nearly exhausted mystical pure energy circulated at a frantic, desperate pace inside his body. The sword aura around him was no longer restrained but shot skyward like an unsheathed divine weapon
A roar split the air as Dustin’s sword aura seemed to provoke the four puppets. At the same time, they also unleashed an inhuman roar.
They transformed into four dark crimson afterimages, charging at Dustin from four separate directions with devastating momentum that could rip through anything in their path.
They moved with astonishing speed. Each swipe of their claws tore through the air, leaving subtle distortions in space.
Dustin’s eyes narrowed. He advanced rather than retreating. His longsword released a resounding dragon’s cry as the blade glowed with a brilliant cyan.
“Cyan Blade Vortex!” he shouted. With him as the epicenter, countless dense yet razor-sharp cyan sword auras erupted outward in an instant. They formed a blade field spanning dozens of feet in diameter Within the field, sword auras crisscrossed in an impenetrable web
The four puppets charged into the blade field. Their claws collided violently with the sword auras, producing a relentless cacophony like metal hammered in a storm.
Sparks flew in all directions, and the sword auras splintered. Yet the puppets’ bodies were unbelievably tough. Even the cyan sword auras could only leave faint white scratches and failed to break through their defenses.
However, the dragon blood malevolent energy coursing through their claws continuously corroded and tainted the sword aura, disrupting the flow of the entire blade field.
“Such a tough shell,” Talmor commented, raising an eyebrow as he watched the scene in the water mirror.
Valindra chuckled and said, “Of course. Malthor refined them personally. They’ve been tempered by dragon blood malevolent energy and Vitalis Pool’s spiritual liquid for years. How could ordinary sword auras harm them?”
On the platform, Dustin was also aware of the puppets’ toughness. He changed his approach, abandoning the wide, sweeping attacks.
His form became a blur as he weaved through the onslaught of the four battle puppets. Then, his longsword became a concentrated streak of cyan lightning Each thrust, jab, flick, and slash struck precisely at the puppets’ joints, eye sockets, and other vulnerable points.
“Mystical Barrier Breaker!”
A pinpoint of piercing mystical light condensed at the sword tip, specifically targeting that dense dragon blood malevolent energy.
One puppet’s eye socket was struck by sword light. That scarlet glow suddenly dimmed, and the puppet’s movements instantly froze. But the attacks of the other three puppets were already upon him from behind.
Dustin didn’t even turn around, as if he had eyes on the back of his head. With a backhanded sweep, his sword traced an arc.
“Seamless Revolution!”
A flawless, sweeping arc of condensed sword aura shot out and deflected all three puppets’ claws. But the tremendous force shook him, disrupting his internal energy flow and forcing him back several steps.
The battle instantly reached fever pitch. He pushed his footwork, swordplay, and mastery of mystical pure energy to the absolute limit. Amid the four puppets’ hurricane-like assault, he rolled, twisted, and shifted through the narrow gaps between attacks.
Sword light and the crimson afterimages collided and intertwined in a deadly dance, each strike erupting in continuous thunderous booms. Even the entire white stone platform shook violently.
The dispersing energy shockwaves hammered into Rhydian and the others, forcing them back step after step until they could barely keep their footing.
Meanwhile, Malthor remained expressionless as he drank his wine while watching the fighting scene on the water mirror.
Lysander’s fingers danced faster across the strings of his lap harp, the tempo quickening as if drawn in by the battle. Even Talmor and Valindra’s amusement faded as they watched intently.
“This punk’s swordsmanship is divinely skilled, and his footwork techniques are even more profound. Even his mastery of strength has reached a state of perfection, “Talmor commented.
He went on, “If not for his depleted internal energy and the extraordinary nature of these battle puppets’ bodies, he would likely have already destroyed every one of them by now.”
Valindra nodded and chimed in, ”
Unfortunately, mortals’ strength has its limits. His true energy is nearly spent, while the Dragonblood Battle Puppets’ strength is nearly inexhaustible. If this drags on, his defeat is inevitable.”
After a particularly brutal exchange, blood finally trickled from the corner of Dustin’s mouth. His energy flow had become visibly erratic.
The four battle puppets seemed to sense their prey weakening. Their attacks became even more frenzied and savage. Dark crimson malevolent energy blazed across their bodies like hellfire, intensifying their assault by another 30%.
A sharp glint flashed in Dustin’s eyes as he knew the time for holding back was over. Planting his longsword firmly in the white stone floor, he formed intricate, almost imperceptible hand seals before his chest.
A vast, ancient power began to swirl around him, as though he were drawing on the rotation of the stars themselves. He was about to unleash his ultimate technique.
###Chapter 2706
The longsword planted before Dustin hummed incessantly as he formed hand seals. His movements were so fast they blurred into afterimages.
The mystical pure energy around him, which had dimmed during the fierce battle, didn’t falter. Instead, it now roared to life with even greater depth and restraint, resonating with the fundamental laws of creation itself.
Dustin no longer relied on his own internal energy but had become one with the cosmic order. “By the Celestial Host Judgement, I command you! Mystical Seal, lock away this evil!”
His voice rang low but commanding, each word carrying the weight of divine decree. As the final word left his lips, the longsword planted in the ground erupted with dazzling cyan radiance that shot straight into the sky.
The battle puppets let out pained, defiant roars. The pulsing crimson patterns on their surfaces flashed frantically, attempting to resist the stellar sealing power.
They lashed out with their claws, shredding the starlight piece by piece. Crimson malevolent energy and cyan starlight collided violently, annihilating each other in deafening explosions.
However, the Celestial Host Judgement was one of Dustin’s ultimate techniques. It drew upon the magnificent power of the Cosmic Mandate itself and was most effective against such evil and sinister entities.
No matter how the puppets struggled, those seemingly delicate yet incredibly resilient starlight chains continued layering around them. Countless profound sealing runes branded themselves like hot iron deep into their seemingly indestructible shells.
Their movements slowed, while their roars faded to weak rasps, and the dark crimson glow of their bodies dimmed rapidly.
Ghostly outlines of the Celestial Host began to shimmer in the void above the platform, which had long been cloaked in the spiritual mist of Vitalis Pool and the malevolent energy of the sealing rift.
The vast, ancient, and majestic stellar power pierced through spatial barriers. It was drawn down by Dustin’s supreme divine power and merged seamlessly with his mystical pure energy
The four Dragonblood Battle Puppets that had been charging forward madly seemed to sense the arrival of a natural predator. Their scarlet eyes flashed wildly as they roared with fear, their charging momentum faltering.
“Descend now!” Dustin shouted, pointing his sword finger toward the ground.
Endless streams of cyan starlight, intertwined with runes of refined mystical energy, poured down like a cascading galaxy. It coalesced into a net of the Cosmic Mandate, instantly engulfing the four puppets.
Finally, with a reluctant cry like shattering porcelain, all four Dragonblood Battle Puppets froze completely in place.
Countless starlight chains bound them into four massive cyan cocoons, runes flowing endlessly across their surfaces.
They could no longer move. Only two points of scarlet light flickered weakly within the cocoons, seething with endless malice and resentment.
The violent energy fluctuations on the platform suddenly subsided. Only the afterglow of starlight remained, slowly fading away
Dustin’s body swayed as he coughed up blood. His face turned pale, and his internal energy depleted to the extreme.
The consecutive fierce exchanges, especially forcibly executing this Celestial Host Judgement technique beyond his own limits, had nearly drained all his true energy and mental focus. He leaned on his sword just to stay standing.
“Dustin!” Grace cried, rushing forward to support him. Her eyes were full of worry and pain.
Rhydian and the others also breathed sighs of relief. They felt both the joy of surviving disaster and even deeper awe toward Dustin.
Silence reigned inside the palace before the water mirror. The decadent music had long since stopped playing. The men and women indulging themselves had unconsciously ceased their activities
Instead, they stared in disbelief at the four battle puppets sealed by starlight in the water mirror, and at that man in white who, though swaying, still stood upright.
Lysander’s hands froze midair over his harp strings, while Talmor just held his wine cup, forgetting to drink.
Valindra slowly lowered her hand from covering her mouth, her eyes filled with disbelief.
“The Celestial Host Judgement technique? “Talmor muttered. “He can actually draw upon stellar power? That punk… What exactly is his origin?”
Valindra took a deep breath, suppressing the turmoil in her heart as her gaze became incredibly fervent. “Such pure strength and a formidable sealing technique. If we could obtain his essence and merge it into ourselves, how wonderful that would be.”
Malthor, who had been lounging lazily on his recliner all this time, slowly sat upright. For the first time, clear emotion crossed his face that had remained cold and impassive for ten thousand years.
He stared at Dustin in the water mirror, watching him gasp for breath while working to steady his disrupted energy flow Surprise flashed in his eyes, then a calculating assessment. But what dominated was raw possessive desire that was reserved for discovering an irreplaceable treasure
“This kid has surpassed mortal limits and can draw power from the Cosmic Mandate. He is no longer just a martial artist but is approaching true transcendence.”
Malthor’s voice was low, carrying a hint of excitement even he hadn’t noticed.
“He… He is qualified to step into our realm, ” he said, setting his wine glass with a flash of determination crossing his eyes. ”
Pass the order and open the Immortal Reception Bridge and invite him into the hall.”
On the white stone platform, Dustin had just taken the most precious healing tablet Grace had given him. It was salvaged from the cave supplies left by the previous traveller. He barely managed to suppress the turbulent internal energy surging within his body.
Suddenly, the empty void ahead rippled with a strange, shimmering disturbance. A seven-colored-hued streak of light shot up from the spring at the heart of the Vitalis Pool.
It twisted and coalesced in midair, stretching outward to form a radiant bridge of pure energy, arching across the void like a shimmering rainbow. The other end of the bridge disappeared into the void at the far edge of the platform, as if it led to another world.
The dense, pure spiritual energy was far superior to the place they were standing. Yet it carried the same source of temptation as the dragon blood malevolent energy, which rushed forth from the bridge’s far end.
Simultaneously, a grand yet indifferent voice transmitted clearly through the rainbow bridge into Dustin and Grace’s ears.
“The Immortal Reception Bridge has opened. Honored guests, please enter the hall for a chat.”
###Chapter 2707
The sudden turn of events left Grace, Rhydian, and the others exchanging bewildered glances. They couldn’t tell if the invitation was a blessing or a curse.
After taking a moment to circulate his internal energy, some color returned to Dustin’s pale face. He stared intently at the rainbow bridge, its enticing glow hiding something unknown.
His eyes were sharp, measuring every detail. He could sense that Malthor and the others were waiting for him at the far end, inside that lavish palace.
“It seems we can’t uncover the secrets of the Vitalis Pool without taking down the mastermind,” Dustin said, slowly rising to his feet.
Though his internal energy hadn’t fully recovered, his eyes had regained their sharp, resolute gleam. “Stay here. I’ll be back soon.”
“I’m coming with you,” Grace said firmly, her eyes filled with resolve. He glanced at her and saw the worry and unyielding resolve in her eyes. Finally, he nodded. “Stay close behind me.”
She followed him across the Immortal Reception Bridge, formed from streams of seven-colored light.
As soon as they stepped onto it, the world around them twisted and blurred, as if they were crossing an endless expanse. When the distortion faded, they were standing in a place completely unlike the one they’d left behind.
Beneath their feet lay flawless white stone flooring. The palace surrounding them featured intricately carved beams and painted rafters that shimmered with gold and jade brilliance. Luminous pearls and coral trees adorned the space, casting a soft yet opulent glow.
The air was thick with the intoxicating scent of indulgence and a heavy concentration of spiritual energy that almost felt liquid. But the most striking sight was the hedonistic feast at the heart of the hall, where men and women indulged without restraint.
At the very top, Malthor lounged lazily on a white recliner. On either side of him were Lysander, Talmor, and Valindra. All four pairs of eyes snapped toward Dustin and Grace the instant they stepped into the hall.
“Welcome to Elysium Immortal Palace,” Malthor said.
His voice remained calm, though the absolute coldness it had carried before had softened slightly and was replaced by something difficult to define. His gaze lingered mainly on Dustin, as if Grace were little more than an irrelevant accessory
Talmor gave Dustin a once-over and let out a low whistle in amazement. “You’ve already grasped the laws of the stars in a mere mortal body… Kid, your talent is truly astonishing.”
A playful, alluring glint danced in Valindra’s eyes. Her voice was soft, teasing, and impossible to ignore. “You’re handsome and so talented… You’re making my heart… flutter with anticipation.” 2
Lysander chuckled softly and plucked a teasing note from his lap harp.
The palace and its four figures seemed like a vision of immortal grace. Wine glasses clinked, and ethereal music floated through the hall.
However, Dustin’s divine sense was extraordinarily keen. He could perceive that beneath the dense spiritual energy lurked a darker, purer, and twisted power, linked to the dragon blood malevolent energy
Those people, though radiant with apparent immortality, radiated something darker, more monstrous.
The so-called orgies of pleasure didn’t contain pure vitality at all. Instead, it held refined and corrupted life essence extracted from living beings.
Those men and women indulging in pleasure had vacant eyes and weak energy waves. They didn’t look like immortals, but more like livestock, penned and bred to be drained of their life essence
So, this place wasn’t an immortal palace at all. Instead, it was a nest of monsters, masquerading as a home of the immortals.
“Immortal Palace?” Dustin scoffed, his lips curving into a faint, icy smile as his gaze swept over Malthor and the others.
His eyes were sharp, unflinching, and full of scrutiny as he added, “In my opinion, this place is a breeding ground for evil where demons steal dragon power and cling to existence.”
At these words, the decadent music abruptly halted.
The men and women who had lost themselves in indulgence were frightened into silence. Lysander’s hand stopped playing his lap harp, the smile on Talmor’s face froze, and Valindra’s eyes flashed with sharp intent.
Malthor’s expression remained unchanged. Instead, there was a flicker of admiration in his eyes.
“Excellent discernment. The distinction between immortal and demon is but a thin line. Power itself is neither righteous nor evil. What matters is who controls it.”
He straightened in his seat, eyes locked on Dustin. His tone was irresistibly persuasive, leaving no room for refusal.
“Your potential shouldn’t be wasted among mortals. Join us, and unlock the secrets of Elysium’s immortality. The spiritual energy here is inexhaustible, and you could even commune with the primordial power of the dragon itself. Eternal life and roaming the world freely are no longer a fantasy.”
Malthor raised his hand, and a pill the size of a large marble appeared in his palm, radiating rich vitality and a golden-red glow. It was the Dragonblood Renewal Pill.
“This pill can instantly heal your wounds and even boost your cultivation to the next level”
He then gestured toward the obscene feast and added, “Here lies endless pleasure-wine, beautiful companions, and anything you desire.”
Finally, there was a hidden weight to his words.
“Once you nod and sign the pact, you will spend your immortal life guarding Elysium Isle. You will aid us in unlocking and controlling the power of the Void-Tyrant Dragon, and all of it will be yours. We can even help to heal that young woman’s father and extend his life with the true essence of the Vitalis Pool.”
The offers were extremely tempting-immortality, power, pleasure, and even hope for healing Grace’s father seemed within reach.
She nervously looked at Dustin, her hands clenching unconsciously.
His gaze landed on the pill in Malthor’s hand that contained tremendous power yet also concealed endless danger, before sweeping over the gilded, decadent hall.
Finally, his gaze returned to Malthor’s seemingly calm eyes, which actually harbored boundless ambition. Dustin slowly shook his head. His tone was clear and resolute, echoing through the silent great hall.
“Our paths are different. There’s no point in working together. My path is to follow my heart, to live freely, and to protect those who matter.
“I won’t ally with demons like you, stealing destructive power and clinging to this shameful parasitic existence while calling this demonic lair an immortal palace.
“What you’re doing isn’t the work of immortals. It’s the work of demons. Keep your pact and your twisted version of eternity.”
As his words fell, the palace seemed to pulse with lethal intent.
###Chapter 2708
“Demons masquerading as immortals.” Dustin’s declaration landed like a thunderclap in the opulent yet eerie halls of Elysium Immortal Palace.
The moment those words fell, the temperature in the entire hall seemed to plummet to freezing. Even the spiritual energy rising from the wine pool solidified for an instant.
The men and women indulging in pleasures fell silent as if an invisible hand had clamped their throats. They shrank back in terror, not daring to breathe too loudly
Lysander’s fingers froze on the strings of his lap harp, while Valindra’s seductive smile vanished, replaced by a mask of cold disdain
Even Malthor, who had been languid and indifferent, finally showed a flicker of distinct anger in his deep-set eyes. The struggles of mere ants might amuse him, but their scorn and defiance were an affront to his authority.
“Insolent fools!” Talmor snapped first, throwing his wine glass to the ground. It shattered instantly, sending wine splashing everywhere
He sprang to his feet, his robe whipping around him with the force of his sudden movement. The cynical, world-weary smirk on his face disappeared, replaced by a dark, menacing scowl.
“How dare a mere mortal swordsman, who stumbled upon some opportunities, slander the sacred grounds of the immortals. Today, I’ll let you witness the actual immortal technique.”
He was clearly infuriated by Dustin’s earlier accusations that their place was a breeding ground for evil, where demons steal dragon power.
After all, Dustin had accurately exposed their reliance on the Void-Tyrant Dragon’s power. This was tantamount to exposing the ugly truth beneath their glamorous facade.
Malthor didn’t intervene. He leaned back in his recliner and watched coldly, silently granting Talmor permission to act.
Lysander and Valindra observed with detached interest. They also wanted to see how long Dustin could last under Talmor’s full-force attack. After all, he had consecutively broken through several barriers and defeated Malthor’s Dragonblood Battle Puppets.
Talmor swiftly formed hand seals. As he chanted, a thick, cyan light swirled around him. It was saturated with a twisted, paradoxical energy of vitality and decay.
Though he cultivated wood-element arts, prolonged exposure to the dragon blood malevolent energy had caused him to stray far from the righteous path into something sinister and unnatural.
“Spirits of the forest, heed my command and kill this fiend!” he uttered, gesturing with his hand seal toward the spiritually luminous exotic spiritual flowers, rare plants, and spirit trees that decorated one side of the hall.
Those once serene plants erupted with savage intent, as though gripped by madness itself. Vines burst forth with explosive force like venomous serpents, their sharp wooden thorns gleaming as they whipped toward Dustin.
The spirit trees’ branches twisted into countless lethal spears, raining down in a relentless barrage, while a faint scent of rot spread through the air, leeching at his life essence.
Though Dustin’s strength hadn’t fully recovered, his eyes remained razor-sharp as he raised his sword with a flourish.
Rather than unleashing wide, sweeping sword techniques, his figure moved like the wind, weaving through the storm of vines and spears.
Each strike landed with surgical precision, hitting the core of a vine or the weak point of a spear. Streams of cyan sword aura flared across the hall as the raging vines split apart, and the wooden spears were shredded into splinters.
His sword moved with speed, precision, and ruthless intent. Every strike carried a purifying intent, slicing through lies and delusions. Even Talmor’s seemingly unstoppable wood-element arts were countered with effortless precision.
Talmor snorted and said, “Not bad. Let’s see how you handle this.”
Seeing Dustin survive his first attempt, Talmor scowled. With a swift change in hand seals, the cyan glow around him flared violently, faintly tinged by a wisp of corrupt, black energy.
“Wood-Element Transmutation. Spirits of the Shadow Wood, heed my call.”
He slammed his palm onto the floor. From the cracks between the white tiles, countless twisted, translucent black shadows shrieked as they emerged.
These were Wood-Element Spirits. They were formed from the plant spirits tainted by dragon blood malevolent energy that couldn’t be reborn, mixed with the lingering souls of fallen cultivators who had perished there.
Though formless, their attacks targeted the enemy’s very soul. Their piercing wails and ethereal claws washed over Dustin like a tide, dimming the light in the hall as they advanced.
Talmor flicked his sleeve, releasing three dark projectiles marked with glowing talismans.
When they struck the floor, they transformed into three Wight-Gilders clad in ancient court regalia. Matted black hair hung over their mottled blue-black skin, and their fingernails had twisted into long, sharp claws the color of bruised flesh.
These undead had been corrupted by dragon blood malevolent energy. Their presence radiated a suffocating, deathly energy wave. They moved like shadows, impossibly fast and impossibly strong
Along with the invisible Wood Spirits, they launched a coordinated assault on both physical and spiritual levels.
“Watch out! It’s the soul-stealing shrieks and Wight-Gilders,” Grace reminded him.
While watching from the side with her heart in her throat, she hastily circulated her internal energy to protect herself from the wood spirit’s screams.
Even when facing a dual assault on both body and soul, Dustin’s expression remained unchanged. His left hand formed a sword finger and tapped his brow.
A clear ripple of divine sense spread outward like water flowing over stone, instantly neutralizing most of the wood spirits’ piercing shrieks. At the same time, his right hand guided the long sword in a perfect, circular arc.
“Mystical Purity Exorcism. Let the thunder’s sound pacify the souls!” he chanted.
Faint arcs of violet lightning crackled along the blade. With its movement came a low, yet profoundly authoritative, thunderous tone. It wasn’t a physical sound but was the manifestation of the sword aura striking directly at the soul.
The charging wood-element spirits were struck by the sword aura’s thunderous resonance. Like ice shattering under the blazing sun, they let out piercing screams and collapsed almost instantly. The few that remained were reduced to faint, translucent forms and could no longer pose any threat.
###Chapter 2709
Dustin faced three black-haired Wight-Gilders, each impervious to weapons. He moved like smoke through fingers, weaving through their coordinated assault with fluid grace.
He no longer met them head-on. His swordplay turned sharp and unpredictable, the blade always finding a joint or the pulse of talismanic energy that bound the undead together. He struck at weak points to dismantle the whole. Metallic clangs and sharp hisses rang out as sparks flew.
One Wight-Gilder’s knee joint was pierced through by sword aura, freezing its movements in place. Another had the control talisman on its back, flicked apart by his sword tip, sending it spinning wildly like a headless fly.
The last one was the most ferocious. Its claws aimed straight for Dustin’s chest, but he slipped aside with perfect timing.
With a swift backhanded slash, his sword slid straight into the gaping maw from which it spewed deathly energy. The sword aura exploded inside, tearing the undead’s head apart from within.
In just a few heartbeats, the three powerful Wight-Gilders were reduced to nothing more than broken husks beneath Dustin’s flawless sword technique.
“Useless!” Talmor roared.
Seeing his techniques repeatedly countered by Dustin, his face darkened with humiliation and barely contained fury.
He slammed his hands together, and the cyan glow around him deepened into a dark, ominous green that seemed to swallow light itself.
“Verdant Divine Thunder-Extinguish all life!”
Talmor thrust both palms forward. A bolt of lightning, as thick as a tree trunk and radiating an unholy dark green energy, tore through the air with a scream like the wailing of tormented souls. It carried an overwhelming energy of annihilation as it crashed down toward Dustin.
This was no ordinary heavenly thunder.
Instead, it was a pseudo-divine thunder conjured from the deathly miasma of corrupt wood-element energy and amplified by dragon blood malevolent energy.
Its force was immense, infused with corrosive and decaying energy meant to erode the life essence of anything it struck.
Dustin narrowed his eyes as he faced that devastating strike. He could feel the pressure rolling from that strike exceeded the raw power of any single strike from the Dragonblood Battle Puppets.
He held nothing back, as he frantically channeled what little mystical pure energy had recovered within his body into his longsword.
The blade hummed under the strain. Cloud patterns etched along its length seemed to come alive as a miniature cyan sword dragon coiled around it.
“Dragon’s Fury Strike!” he roared, exhaling sharply.
Man and sword became one, as he transformed into an extremely condensed cyan streak that seemed capable of piercing through the void itself. Instead of retreating, he advanced boldly to meet the dark green divine annihilation thunder head-on.
He didn’t dodge or rely on flashy moves. This was a strike in its purest, most absolute form.
The cyan streak and the dark green divine thunder collided fiercely in midair, triggering an explosion far more violent than any previous clash. Blinding light instantly devoured everything.
The rampaging energy shockwave spread outward like a tsunami, whipping the spiritual liquid in the wine pools into towering waves and causing the surrounding stone pillars to tremble with rattling sounds.
The pleasure-seeking men and women who couldn’t get out of the way in time were sent tumbling with pitiful cries.
As the light dissipated, Dustin stood there holding his sword. His robes had been torn open in several places by the dissipating lightning, and a trace of fresh blood seeped from the corner of his mouth. Taking the full brunt of this pseudo-divine thunder had clearly taken a heavy toll on him.
But the longsword in his hand still pointed steadily forward.
The dark green divine annihilation thunder had been split cleanly in two by his Dragon’s Fury Strike. The residual lightning energy crashed into the ground behind him, blasting a charred crater. Corrosive energy hissed and crackled around its edges.
Talmor stared in disbelief, shock written across his face. One of his strongest attacks had actually been countered by Dustin’s direct attack.
In that fleeting moment when his focus slipped, Dustin struck. He seemed completely unaffected by the earlier clash. In the blink of an eye, he vanished from sight, and the next instant, he was standing directly in front of Talmor.
Before he could even process what happened, Dustin had closed the distance. All Talmor saw was the cold glint of steel expanding in his vision before a sense of lethal crisis instantly enveloped his entire body
He scrambled to conjure a wooden shield for defense and attempted to execute an escape technique to evade, but it was already too late.
Dustin’s longsword pierced with perfect precision through the thick wooden armor formed by countless intertwined vines that Talmor had hastily conjured before his chest, then penetrated through his left shoulder blade. Blood sprayed from his wound.
The incomparably sharp sword aura instantly surged into his body, madly destroying his circulatory pathways and the corrupted wood-element energy flowing within him.
Talmor let out a shrill, agonized scream. His body flew backward like a kite with its string cut, crashing heavily against a stone pillar before sliding down to the ground.
His left shoulder was drenched in blood. The lingering sword aura actively prevented healing and gnawed away at his very life force.
His face turned deathly pale, and his energy wave collapsed instantly. The gaze he directed toward Dustin was filled with terror and pure hatred. Seeing that Talmor was seriously wounded with just one strike, the palace fell into deathly silence.
The relaxed and mocking expressions on Lysander’s and Valindra’s faces completely vanished, replaced by an unprecedented solemnity. Malthor slowly rose from his recliner. Fury and killing intent were finally ignited in his cold eyes.
Dustin leaned on his sword, breathing slightly labored. The continuous high-intensity combat had pushed him to his absolute limits. But he still kept his spine straight, his gaze fearlessly meeting Malthor’s stare that resembled a primordial savage beast.
###Chapter 2710
Malthor didn’t strike immediately at Dustin’s provocation. However, the look in his eyes was a final verdict, as a death sentence had been passed on Dustin.
“Impressive. Very impressive,” Lysander said, drawing out the words. His voice remained soft and alluring, yet laced with venom cold as ice. He gently set down his cup and rose to his feet, smoothing out his pink-purple robe with elegant movements, like a performer about to step onto the stage.
“The fact that you managed to injure Talmor so badly shows your swordsmanship is worthy of praise. Shame you had to cross paths with me-Lysander, “he introduced himself. The instant his words fell, the water vapor throughout the entire palace suddenly grew dense.
The spiritual liquid in the wine pool rippled without any wind. Fine droplets of water condensed on the surface of the luminous pearls embedded in the walls.
Even the dense spiritual energy in the air turned moist. Lysander seemed to have become the sovereign of all water elements in this space.
Dustin stood with sword in hand, gasping heavily. The continuous brutal exchanges, especially countering Talmor’s divine annihilation thunder and delivering the fatal counterstrike, had nearly drained his last shred of true energy.
But his gaze remained sharp as a hawk’s, locked onto Lysander without daring to relax even slightly. He could sense that Lysander was even more dangerous than Talmor.
Lysander’s energy wave was like the deep ocean. He appeared calm on the surface, yet hiding violent currents in its unfathomable depths.
“Water Dragon’s Roar.”
He didn’t give Dustin much time to catch his breath. His fingers came together in an elegant gesture, pointing toward Dustin.
From within the wine pool, torrents of spiritual liquid mixed with dragon blood malevolent energy surged skyward. It instantly condensed into three dark blue water dragons with distinct scales, vicious fangs, and claws.
These dragons weren’t mere illusions. They roared loud enough to split eardrums, eyes glowing with the same malevolent light as Lysander’s. They shot toward Dustin from three directions at once, unstoppable and freezing cold, jaws gaping wide.
The water dragons hadn’t even arrived yet, but their bone-chilling cold had already coated the ground in white frost and formed ice crystals on Dustin’s eyebrows and hair.
Dustin forcibly channeled his internal energy. His long sword swept out, the sword light splitting apart like a peacock spreading its tail. Dozens of sharp cyan sword auras surged forward to meet the three water dragons.
The sword auras collided with the dragons, tearing into them. Their heads were severed and bodies torn apart, but the scattered dark blue water didn’t disappear.
Instead, it writhed in midair as if alive, swirling and instantly reforming into new dragons. They lunged forward again in an endless, terrifying cycle.
“It’s useless,” Lysander said with a chuckle, flicking his finger again. “Abyssal Ice Prison!”
The three water dragons opened their maws wide and spewed massive gouts of ghostly blue mist. Wherever it passed, the air froze. Even space itself seemed to be freezing solid.
Countless sharp ice spikes instantly sprouted from the ground, spreading toward Dustin and encircling him like a thorny forest.
The temperature across the entire battle area dropped sharply, transforming the area into an instant prison of absolute cold.
Dustin dodged frantically. His sword aura shielded him as he sliced through the jagged ice spikes and cut a path through the freezing blasts. But his speed was clearly affected by the frigid air. His protective sword aura was constantly eroded and weakened by that extreme cold.
Even worse, those three water dragons still circled and lunged around him. Combined with the ubiquitous abyssal ice attacks, they left him struggling to keep up with the onslaught.
“Water Mirror Clone.”
Lysander’s voice rang out again, tinged with mockery. His figure blurred, and in the next instant, three identical figures of himself appeared. Each positioned around Dustin, launching attacks simultaneously.
Water dragons, ice spikes, and sinister water waves that assaulted the soul came from all directions.
Dustin’s eyes sharpened. He scanned all three with his divine sense, but found their energy waves and fluctuations perfectly identical.
There was no way to distinguish the real from the clones. He could only rely on his extraordinary combat instincts and his sword technique, weaving and dodging within the limited space.
His sword light formed an impenetrable barrier, blocking and countering each attack. However, each clash left his blood roiling and his internal energy in turmoil, draining him enormously.
If he hadn’t broken through to the terrestrial immortal realm that allowed him to absorb spiritual energy from his surroundings to replenish himself continuously, he would likely have collapsed long ago.
“Found you,” Dustin said.
A sharp gleam flashed in his eyes as he caught an extremely subtle sluggishness in the energy flow of one “Lysander” while casting a technique.
Without hesitation, he ignored all other attacks. He unified himself with his sword, transforming into a supremely condensed streak of cyan light that shot straight toward that “Lysander’s” heart.
The long sword penetrated that body without any resistance. However, the impaled figure broke into an unsettling grin.
His body rippled like water, then turned into a clear puddle that splashed onto the ground. It turned out to be a water clone, and the real Lysander had already appeared behind Dustin.
In his hand had somehow condensed a ghostly blue crystalline longsword, its sharpness capable of piercing the void itself. He silently thrust it toward Dustin’s back. The sneak attack was masterfully executed with perfect timing, angle, and speed.
But Dustin seemed to have eyes in the back of his head. Still surging forward, he twisted his waist at an impossible angle and swept his sword backward.
The two swords clashed with a crisp ring. The terrifying cold wave contained within the crystalline sword spread along the blade. Dustin’s sword-gripping arm was instantly covered in a thick layer of frost, the bone-piercing cold penetrating straight into his circulatory pathways.
###Chapter 2711
Dustin let out a low grunt as his mystical pure energy burst forth, shattering the frost encasing his arm. Using the momentum, he glided forward several yards to create a distance between himself and Lysander. His sword-wielding arm trembled slightly, and his complexion grew even paler.
Lysander’s evasion techniques and clone arts were simply too swift and unpredictable. There was no way to guard against them all.
“You’ve got quick reflexes,” Lysander commented with a sneer, toying with the crystalline sword in his hand.
“But how many times can you dodge? As long as the water element is inexhaustible within this immortal palace, my body is indestructible. No matter how sharp your sword is, what can you do to me?”
Resolve flashed in his eyes, and he took the initiative to attack again. His sword light flared violently, as if he were throwing himself into a life-or-death duel.
His strikes were relentless, tearing apart the three water dragons once more and forcing Lysander to constantly use water-based escape techniques to retreat.
After another brutal exchange, Dustin’s sword momentum seemed to pause slightly due to exhaustion. His protective sword aura also fluctuated, exposing a small gap at his left ribs.
This opening vanished in an instant. But for an expert of Lysander’s caliber, that brief instant was more than enough.
“Got you now,” he said, a predatory gleam flashing in his eyes. He wouldn’t let this perfect opening slip away.
As if to prove his point, the wounds Dustin had suffered from the water dragon and ice spear began to react. The lingering cold water energy stirred like a living thing, burrowing into his body, trying to freeze his vital energy and corrode his circulatory pathways.
Dustin frowned, his heart sinking. He’d tried attacking multiple times and even recklessly trading blows to strike Lysander’s true form with his sword aura.
But every time, the part of Lysander’s body that was struck would instantly dissolve into water and reform elsewhere moments later, completely unharmed.
Lysander’s near-immortal form, combined with his fluid water-element techniques, made him an opponent that was almost impossible to pin down.
If this fight dragged on, Dustin knew defeat was inevitable. He had to change tactics, since brute force wouldn’t work, and he couldn’t lock onto Lysander’s true body. But there was only one choice left.
His form rippled like disturbed water, and he instantly reappeared at Dustin’s left side. The crystalline longsword in his hand shot forward, like a viper lunging from its den straight for the unprotected opening at Dustin’s exposed left rib.
Lysander had poured 80% of his strength into this single, decisive thrust, aiming to end the fight in one blow. He could already envision the wonderful scene of his longsword piercing through Dustin’s body, the cold energy freezing him into an ice sculpture.
But just as the crystalline longsword was about to touch Dustin’s robes, his exhausted, frozen gaze suddenly deepened, as cold and infinite as a star-filled sky.
He completely ignored the lethal strike aimed at his ribs. Instead, his left hand, which had been lying, moved at lightning speed. He made a sword finger and struck Lysander’s forehead with pinpoint accuracy.
It wasn’t a sharp sword aura that gathered at his fingertips, but countless incredibly intricate mystical runes shimmering with pale golden light, instantly emerging and spinning.
“Mystical Pure Seal-Soul Shackle!”
Dustin’s low shout rumbled like thunder in Lysander’s consciousness.
“What? He deliberately exposed that opening?” Lysander’s eyes widened in shock. Every instinct screamed of danger. He tried to retreat, but it was already too late.
Dustin’s finger seemed to disregard the very concept of space, landing with unerring precision squarely on the center of his forehead.
A vast, ancient power, carrying a supreme sealing intent, flooded like a breached dam from Dustin’s fingertip into Lysander’s consciousness. Countless pale golden runes came alive like chains, instantly coiling around the origin of his soul and binding it tightly.
Lysander’s vision went dark. The water elemental power that had been circulating freely throughout his body instantly lost control, as if its source had been severed.
His sword, thrusting toward Dustin, abruptly halted when it was only an inch from its target. The light on his crystalline longsword rapidly dimmed and dissipated.
He tried to transform into water and escape, but discovered his soul was locked. Even his connection to the external water element was forcibly cut off.
“No… That’s impossible!”
For the first time, Lysander’s face showed extreme horror. He felt as though he were turning into a lifeless statue. All his power and perception were being ruthlessly stripped away and sealed by those pale golden runes.
After using that technique, Dustin’s body swayed violently as well. His complexion turned ghastly pale, and every ounce of energy was nearly spent. He nearly crumpled to the ground.
The Mystical Pure Seal technique specifically targeted the root of one’s soul. It drained Dustin of his most fundamental mental energy and core essence, far more than any move he had used before.
Still, he forced himself to stay on his feet and coldly stared at Lysander before him. The latter’s body had frozen mid-motion, his face twisted in terror and stubborn defiance.
An intricate web of pale golden runes began emerging on the surface of Lysander’s body. These runes branded themselves like seals, embedding deeply into his flesh and even his soul.
The ethereal water mist surrounding his body rapidly dissipated. Even the crystalline longsword completely disintegrated, and his attempt to transform back into flowing water was forcibly suppressed by the runes
Finally, he lost all movement and stood rigid, like an exquisite puppet. Only those eyes gradually losing their luster still retained traces of utter disbelief.
The palace fell into deathly silence again. The wine pool stopped churning, and the biting cold suddenly receded. The men and women who had been indulging in pleasures had long since collapsed to the ground in fear, trembling violently.
Valindra gasped, covering her mouth with her hand. A flicker of tension crossed Malthor’s face that hadn’t changed in ten thousand years. For the first time, his eyes showed extreme seriousness.
He couldn’t believe Dustin had consecutively defeated Talmor and Lysander. Yet, Dustin still possessed such a strange and formidable sealing technique.
He wondered how many more trump cards Dustin had up his sleeve. Dustin leaned on his long sword, breathing heavily. Sweat mixed with blood slid down from his temples.
He raised his head, his gaze sweeping over the sealed Lysander and locked directly onto Malthor and Valindra on the high platform, where killing intent had practically solidified into physical form.
“Who’s next?” he rasped, yet every word radiated an unshakable resolve.
###Chapter 2712
The pale golden runes sealed Lysander. He stood frozen like a puppet, his face locked in an expression of shock and stubborn defiance.
The scene tore through Elysium Celestial Palace like an arctic gale, seizing the unease that had begun building after Talmor’s defeat and freezing it into bone-chilling silence.
The men and women, who had been indulging in lust and pleasure, had long since collapsed to the ground. Even their trembling had stopped. Only the violent pounding of their terrified hearts broke the oppressive silence.
The wine pool no longer rippled, and the tangled bodies stopped moving. Even the decadent music had died mid-note. It was as if the entire palace was mourning for the two “immortals” who had fallen in succession.
Valindra was also known as the “Earth Goddess”. Only a roiling sea of shock remained in those captivating eyes, along with a trace of cold dread she refused to acknowledge. Talmor’s defeat could be chalked up to carelessness, to his elemental weakness being exploited.
But what about Lysander? His nearly immortal water elemental body and his myriad of unpredictable arts had been completely suppressed by that unheard-of soul-sealing technique.
Just how far did Dustin’s limits extend? Within that body that seemed ready to collapse at any moment, just how many terrifying methods were still hidden?
At that thought, a sense of wariness she had never felt before coiled around her heart like a poisonous vine.
The unshakeable composure Malthor had maintained finally cracked. His jaw clenched, and his eyes that looked down on all living beings now brimmed with a murderous intent that threatened to erupt.
The consecutive losses, especially Lysander’s defeat, went beyond a matter of pride. They were actively undermining the very foundation of their small group.
Malthor vowed to kill Dustin. That refined and peculiar power within him, his mastery of the laws of nature, and especially that strange sealing technique. Malthor had to either claim it or destroy it completely.
A suffocating pressure began to emanate from Malthor’s body, far more terrifying than before. It was like some primordial beast awakening from slumber. The white stone floor throughout the palace began to tremble, emitting strained groans as if it might shatter at any moment.
He slowly raised his hand, and a dark-gold glow began to gather at his fingertips, and the destructive energy was brewing.
“Malthor!”
Just as he was about to strike, Valindra suddenly spoke. Her voice had lost its honeyed softness, now carrying an unflinching resolve.
She stepped forward to block Malthor’s path. Her gaze was locked on Dustin below, who was leaning on his sword and gasping for breath, seemingly at the end of his rope.
“That kid has fought consecutive fierce battles. His true energy is depleted, and he’s already at his limit. If you step in yourself, it would give him undue credit and make us seem like we have no capable hands here,” she said, her voice laced with a carefully controlled calm.
She added, “Let me handle him instead. I want to see just how many tricks this sinking ship still has left to play. And I’ll show him that my name as the ‘Earth Goddess’ is not just an empty title.”
Her words were meant to maintain Malthor’s dignity, but they also hid her own ulterior motives.
Dustin had consecutively defeated Talmor and Lysander. If she could be the one to beat Dustin, she would not only reverse their losing streak but also demonstrate her strength. Her position within this small group would become even more secure.
Besides, she refused to believe a man running on fumes could pose a threat. Her powerful earth-element techniques excelled at overwhelming opponents through sheer force. They were perfect for dealing with someone exhausted like Dustin.
Malthor’s movements paused slightly. His cold gaze swept over Valindra, catching the insistence in her eyes and that barely perceptible competitive spirit.
He pondered for a moment. The terrifying pressure around him eased, and the dark-gold glow dissipated, signaling his unspoken permission for her to attack.
He also wanted to see whether Dustin could still perform miracles despite Valindra’s heavy, overwhelming earth-element techniques.
After seeing his approval, Valindra’s heart settled. She took a deep breath to suppress her wariness of that strange sealing technique Dustin had used earlier. Her breathtaking smile returned to her lips, though now it failed to reach her eyes, which were filled with lethal intent.
She moved forward with swaying grace, looking at Dustin from above the platform. Her voice remained soft and seductive, yet carried the oppressive feeling of an approaching storm
“Young man, you’re quite impressive for injuring my two seniors. But the game ends here. I don’t really enjoy violence, but if someone doesn’t know their place, I’ll have no choice but to let them… sleep eternally in my embrace.”
Before she finished speaking, she stomped her foot lightly on the white stone floor, and the entire Elysium Immortal Palace shook violently. It was unlike the earlier energy surge, but this time, it was a deep resonance from the earth itself.
From the center of her toe, a visible, earthen-yellow ripple spread rapidly outward like a wave. Wherever it passed, the incomparably hard stone floor that contained spiritual radiance rolled and surged up like soft sand.
Sharp stone spires and heavy earthen ramparts erupted instantaneously from the ground, surging from all sides to crush and impale Dustin.
The entire combat area instantly transformed into a wildly growing, continuously closing forest of rock. Additionally, a gravity field as heavy as mountains suddenly descended. It pressed down on him with the intention of crushing and pulverizing him.
With one strike, Valindra unleashed an earth vein upheaval of massive range that combined offense and defense, designed to overwhelm with brute force.
###Chapter 2713
Dustin felt his body suddenly grow heavy, as if a mountain were crushing his shoulders. Even lifting his arm became a struggle.
The ground beneath his feet roiled and churned, making it impossible to maintain a steady footing. Countless deadly stone spikes and rock walls closed in from all sides, sealing off every avenue of escape.
Summoning the last of his true energy, his longsword erupted with a final, pure radiance. The spinning sword light formed a protective shield around him. The clash of sword aura and stone sent fragments flying, the air thick with swirling dust.
Dustin’s sword remained razor-sharp, each strike cleaving through massive churrks of rock. But the onslaught seemed endless. Just as he destroyed one pile, another erupted from the ground.
Moreover, the crushing gravity limited his speed and strength. It made every swing of his sword a monumental effort.
His face had gone even paler, and his breath came in harsh, wheezing gasps. The webbing between his thumb and fingers split open, blood dripping freely.
“It’s a futile struggle,” Valindra said with a chuckle.
She formed hand seals and gestured toward the two massive stone dragons carved and coiled around the palace ceiling.
“Awake, my guardian!” she roared.
The eyes of the decorative stone dragons suddenly blazed with crimson light. A grating rumble of grinding stone filled the hall as their colossal forms shuddered to life. Stone fragments crumbled away, revealing dragon scales beneath that glowed with earthy yellow spiritual light.
Silent roars echoed as they broke free from the ceiling. They crashed down like twin avalanches-one from the left, one from the right onto Dustin and trapped him inside the jagged stone forest below.
Their claws were sharp enough to shred steel, while their massive tails swept with hurricane force, whipping up a violent gale.
With the stone dragons joining the fight, Dustin instantly fell into a desperate situation and was cornered on all sides. The ground he stood on churned and rose in jagged waves.
Around him, the gravity field pressed down with crushing weight, and above, two colossal dragons of limitless strength attacked him from both sides.
“Dustin!” Grace screamed. She watched in terror, her heart nearly shattering. She tried to rush forward, but the terrifying gravity field and rampaging earth and stone forced her back.
Dustin’s gaze remained calm, even in the face of certain death. While arduously wielding his sword to fend off attacks from both the ground and the stone dragons, he used his remaining divine sense to perceive his surroundings.
He noticed that the movements of the two stone dragons had an extremely subtle, synchronized fluctuation with Valindra’s hand seals and the yellow spiritual light circulating around her body. Even the churning earth drew its power directly from her.
Strike the head, and the body would fall.
Dustin was resolved to attack her. But breaking through the forest of stone and the two stone dragons blocking his path was another matter.
His mind raced, and a ruthless glint flashed through his eyes. He deliberately left an opening, slowing his movements by half a beat while parrying the claws of a stone dragon.
The dragon’s claws tore through his protective sword aura. They ripped four deep gashes across his left shoulder, cutting down to bone. The massive force sent him flying backward.
He slammed hard into a thick rock wall that had suddenly shot up behind him, coughing up a mouthful of blood. His energy was depleted in an instant, and he looked like he’d blacked out any moment.
“It’s over,” Valindra said, a gleam of triumph flickering in her eyes.
With such severe injuries and the suppression of the gravity field, she knew Dustin was incapable of continuing to fight.
She controlled the two stone dragons.
Their jaws opened wide as they lunged toward Dustin, who was still half-embedded in the rock wall and appeared too weak to fight back.
Simultaneously, the ground churned, and countless stone spikes lunged up like striking pythons, stabbing toward his back. But at that split-second between life and death, Dustin’s dim eyes suddenly flared with light that burned brighter than stars.
He’d been waiting for exactly this moment.
###Chapter 2714
Dustin paid no attention to the stone dragon lunging to devour him or the stone spear thrusting toward his back.
Instead, he channeled every last ounce of mystical pure energy remaining in his body, burning a portion of his life essence, and condensed the last trace of his inner energy into his right index and middle fingers. Forming a sword finger, he leveled it at Valindra on the platform.
This strike didn’t have any earth-shaking momentum or dazzling radiance. It possessed only an invisible force, refined to the absolute limit, that seemed to transcend space and defense itself, striking directly at the source.
“Mystical… Mindseal!”
This was neither a sword technique meant to strike the body nor a forbidden art to seal the soul. It was Dustin’s trump card, a secret interference technique targeting the connection between a cultivator’s mind and internal energy.
However, this technique would have minimal effect against Valindra when she was completely focused. But in this fleeting moment, as she fully committed to her ultimate attack, the slightest lapse in her concentration made the balance tip.
She felt as though an invisible needle had pierced her consciousness. Her energy connection with the two stone dragons and the surging earth beneath her suddenly froze for a brief moment.
At that instant, the two lunging dragons halted mid-motion, and the stone spear erupting from the ground stopped mere inches from Dustin’s back.
The moment he’d thrust out that finger strike, he had already planned his escape. Using the rebound force from the rock wall behind him, combined with a momentary fluctuation in the gravity field, his body became weightless.
He moved in a trajectory that defied all logic, slipping through the gap between the dragons’ gaping jaws by the most dangerous of margins.
Simultaneously, he flung the last of his high-grade Armor-Breaking Golden Edge talismans, ones he had salvaged from the cave Ysolde had left behind. They streaked forward as razor-sharp golden streams of light.
Dustin didn’t aim them at Valindra.
Instead, he targeted the two stone dragons that had temporarily lost control when their energy connection froze. Specifically, their eyes, the cores where their power flowed.
Two sharp cracks split the air. Golden streams of light hit the stone dragons’ crimson eyes with deadly precision. The talisman carrying the destructive power to pierce any defences exploded instantly.
The two stone dragons released silent cries of anguish. Their massive bodies shuddered violently as the crimson glow vanished from their eyes in an instant.
A heartbeat later, the yellow spiritual light covering them faded rapidly and disintegrated. They soon turned to lifeless rubble, crashing to the ground in clouds of dust.
With the stone dragons destroyed, the earth’s surging veins calmed due to Valindra’s momentary lapse in focus.
The backlash from her technique hit her hard. She let out a muffled grunt, her face draining of color. Shock, fury, and disbelief flooded her eyes.
Still, she’d never imagined that in such a desperate situation, he could find such a minuscule flaw in her technique and exploit it with such a bizarre technique.
While Valindra’s mind reeled from the shock and backlash, Dustin had already moved. He burst through the settling dust and scattered rubble like a phantom, appearing directly in front of her.
He looked deathly pale, and his energy was so weak it seemed on the verge of snuffing out. However, his eyes blazed with terrifying intensity, as if fueled by the last sparks of life itself.
Instead of drawing his sword, he made a sword finger again. The tip of her fingers was wreathed in the last faint trace of pale-gold sealing runes, designed to lock down the opponent’s energy cores. In a flash, they drove straight toward her forehead.
Seeing that, Valindra’s eyes widened. She tried to dodge and conjure an earth shield. However, his strike contained every ounce of his remaining will and calculation. It was executed with blinding speed, deadly precision, and absolute ruthlessness.
“No…”
Amidst her desperate scream, Dustin’s fingertip lightly touched her brow.
“Mystical… Core Seal!” he roared. The pale gold rune instantly entered her forehead. The majestic, weighty yellow spiritual light surrounding her body collapsed abruptly like a punctured balloon.
Her body convulsed violently, and the light in her eyes rapidly dimmed. Like someone drained of all strength, she collapsed limply to the ground. She was wrapped in a pale golden cocoon that locked her completely in place.
With three straight victories, Dustin had taken down Talmor, Lysander, and Valindra one after another.
However, he could no longer hold on and coughed a mouthful of blood. His body swayed, and only by stabbing his longsword into the ground did he manage to stay upright.
He raised his head, looking toward the platform at the only figure still standing-Malthor, whose killing intent had reached overwhelming heights.
###Chapter 2715
Valindra collapsed to the ground. She was encased in a pale golden cocoon of light like a moth trapped in amber.
Her stunning features had frozen mid-expression, caught between shock, fury, and disbelief. Only her dimming eyes held a last flicker of awareness. Her gaze was locked onto Dustin, who was swaying on his feet, with his sword as the only thing keeping him upright.
It didn’t make sense to her. She commanded the earth element, and inside Immortal Palace, that power should have made her untouchable. He was clearly at death’s door, yet he still managed to defeat her.
Endless regret and venomous hatred gnawed at her remaining consciousness. But the sealing power clamped down like iron shackles, suppressing all her strength and fury inside that beautiful shell. Not even a wisp of divine sense could escape.
Nearby, Talmor lay in a pool of blood, his shoulder pierced clean through. Through the haze of fading awareness, he felt Valindra’s overwhelming presence suddenly snuffed out like a candle.
A cold dread mixed with excruciating pain nearly pulled him under. He couldn’t believe she had been defeated as well.
His mind replayed the moment Dustin’s sword strike countered his divine annihilation thunder, along with that piercing gaze that had seen through a thousand writhing vines to pinpoint his core with chilling precision. He could tell Dustin was not an ordinary swordmaster.
Lysander could neither move nor speak. His soul and life essence were firmly sealed by Dustin’s Mystical Pure Seal. Though his body was frozen, his consciousness as a Water Lord raged with disbelief.
He could feel the stone dragons shatter and sense the earth’s elemental currents suddenly flatten. And yet, he was shocked to see that Valindra, steady as a rock, had actually fallen.
A shiver ran through him as he remembered the nearly immortal strength of his water element body, severed in an instant from the world’s energy flow by Dustin’s strange finger strike.
He had never imagined a sealing technique could go this far, directly locking his core and cutting off his connection to the world’s energy.
Lysander had assumed Dustin was just a swordmaster. Now he was horrified to discover that Dustin’s understanding of cosmic laws, the soul, and the essence of energy far exceeded anything he had imagined.
On the high platform, Malthor finally moved. Instead of using flashy movement techniques, he walked down the white stone steps like an ordinary mortal.
But with each footstep, the tiles glowing with spiritual energy didn’t crack. Instead, they vanished beneath his feet, crumbling into fine dust as if consumed by some unseen force.
Malthor wasn’t trying to intimidate anyone. It was the manifestation of his suppressed rage and boiling killing intent, so potent that it had materialized into a field of pure obliteration. Wherever he walked, existence itself returned to nothingness.
He stopped in the center of the hall, 30 feet from Dustin. To him, that distance felt no wider than a hair’s breadth and could decide life or death.
Malthor’s eyes were cold as ice, yet beneath that chill burned a destructive fire. His gaze swept over Dustin’s pale, blood-streaked face. It passed over his hands, trembling from spent internal energy. Yet Dustin still held the sword hilt with an iron grip.
Then, he looked at Dustin’s eyes. Even in the face of certain death, they remained clear, deep, and fearless.
Malthor felt an unprecedented rage surge through him as he witnessed his three right -hand men fall-Talmor with his untamed arrogance, Lysander with his sly unpredictability, and Valindra steady as bedrock.
He had spent centuries shaping those three into the foundation of his rule, the ones who upheld the Elysium Immortal Palace’s order and strength.
And now, some unknown brat whose cultivation was clearly inferior to theirs had defeated them all, one after another, through his own strength alone.
This wasn’t simple defiance. Dustin had crushed the authority Malthor spent ages building and ripped open the truth behind their so-called immortality, the dream sustained by the Void-Tyrant Dragon. Because of that, he had to die.
The energy in Dustin’s body was impossibly refined, far beyond anything mortal. His swordsmanship was flawless, almost supernatural. And his sealing technique was unlike anything Malthor had ever seen, and should be eliminated.
Yet if he could strip and consume Dustin’s very essence before killing him, he might ascend to a higher realm. A thread of insatiable greed wove itself into his rage, entwining his murderous intent and hardening it into a freezing, lethal resolve.
“Dustin,” Malthor began.
There was no roar of cosmic energy in his words this time. Instead, it carried a deathly silence that seemed to swallow everything around it
“I will show you mercy one last time.”
He stretched out a hand, palm up, and a swirl of dark-gold flame and a blade of platinum light appeared in midair. They twisted and collided with each other, hissing with a sound that grated on the soul.
The dark-gold fire seemed capable of burning through the soul itself, while the platinum light could slice through even the laws of reality.
“Swear your loyalty to me. Offer me your soul imprint and swear eternal servitude. I can overlook your past defiance, and even grant you a strand of true dragon essence to share in our immortal pleasures.”
He paused, and the chill in his voice sent shivers through everyone present.
“Otherwise, your body and spirit will be annihilated. Your true essence will be scattered into the void and lost forever in absolute nothingness.”
This was the final judgment. Malthor’s killing intent was raw and unrestrained. It was enough to crush the mind of anyone not strong enough to resist.
###Chapter 2716
“Dustin!” Grace shouted, her heart clenching. She could feel the terrifying gap in strength between Malthor and Talmor, Lysander, and Valindra.
Without hesitation, she pulled out the vial she always kept close. Before she left the palace, her father’s unfathomably powerful guardian had personally entrusted it to her with grave solemnity.
He’d told her it contained the Ninefold Rebirth Pill, a life-saving treasure from the royal family’s secret vault. It was so rare that even if they poured the entire nation’s resources into it, they couldn’t produce another.
Grace rushed to Dustin’s side while ignoring the suffocating pressure bearing down on them. She pressed the warm bottle into his freezing hands.
“Take it now. This is our only chance,” she said firmly.
He could feel the medicinal energy inside the bottle. It was immense and alive, unlike anything he had ever experienced. He realized immediately how rare and precious it was.
Dustin glanced at Grace and saw the determination in her eyes, mixed with worry. Without hesitation, he opened the stopper and swallowed the pill. It was no bigger than a marble and glowing with shifting rainbow light.
The pill dissolved immediately, and warm energy spread through him. The immense but controlled energy spread through him, repairing hidden injuries and replenishing his spent true essence.
It couldn’t restore him to full strength, but his unstable internal energy finally stabilized. The flickering pulse inside him, barely holding on a moment ago, finally evened out. He had regained almost 30% of his combat strength, and a comforting warmth spread through his limbs again.
Dustin let out a slow breath that carried the faint scent of the herbs he’d taken. He forced down the turmoil in his chest and lifted himself upright once more, spine straight and unyielding.
His gaze met Malthor’s icy stare. A faint, mocking smirk curved the corner of his lips, subtle but unmistakable.
“I’ve always stood for what’s right, honored the people who raised me, and remained steadfast in my own principles,” Dustin said. “But I never learned how to be subservient to a group of parasites who stole the power of destruction just to stay alive.
“Everything about you stinks of rot and despair. Your so-called immortality is nothing but a parasite on the Void-Tyrant Dragon. It’s revolting. You want my soul? Stop talking and come take it yourself.”
“Stubborn fool!” Malthor roared furiously.
“You seek your own death!” The last shred of his patience snapped under those cutting words. He no longer held anything back.
His right hand formed a sword-like gesture, and brilliant platinum light burst from his fingertips. With what looked like a casual swipe, he aimed it at the space where Dustin stood.
“Metal Void Slash!”
A hair-thin platinum thread appeared out of nowhere. It was almost invisible, slicing through the space between them in an instant. Wherever it passed, a black rift lingered and was impossible to close. It was as if the very fabric of reality had been torn.
The attack made no sound and showed no flashy display, yet its edge was impossibly sharp. Everyone present felt it in their bones, as if a single strike could cut through not just their bodies, but their very souls.
Dustin’s eyes went wide, then narrowed instantly. A sudden, overwhelming sense of death sent chills racing down his spine.
His feet moved almost instinctively, pushing him to the limit. His body transformed into a blur of cyan smoke and darted to the left in a split second.
Behind where he’d been standing, a massive stone pillar-thick enough that several people couldn’t wrap their arms around it and inscribed with protective formations-was silently sliced clean through by the platinum thread.
The top half of the pillar slid along the smooth cut before crashing to the ground with a heavy thud. At the break, the lingering metal energy crackled and hissed, as if alive, and the air around it seemed torn.
However, Malthor’s attack came like a storm, relentless and without pause.
Dustin had just dodged, and his body was still drained from the last strike. At that moment, he was caught between exhaustion and the moment before his strength could return.
Malthor’s left hand clenched into a fist, and dark gold flames erupted from its tip.
They weren’t scorching hot. Instead, they radiated a bone-deep cold that seemed to drain life itself.
“Soulfire Fist!”
His fist slammed forward, and the dark-gold flames didn’t just fly straight. They twisted and writhed, spreading out like a living net that threatened to blot out the sky, closing in on Dustin from all directions
Within the flames, countless twisted, wailing spirits flickered. Their silent screams sent chills straight to his soul.
Wherever the flame touched, space itself seemed to buckle and collapse. It swallowed the light, leaving only patches of writhing darkness.
Dustin knew there was nowhere left to dodge. He let out a roar, pouring every last drop of the Ninefold Rebirth Pill’s renewed strength and the remnants of his true energy into his longsword.
The blade flared with a dazzling cyan light unlike anything he had ever summoned. Layers of condensed energy coalesced into sharp, tangible arcs. They formed a towering barrier before him, etched with the intricate pattern of the arcane sigil.
“Mystical Infinite Barrier!”
A deafening crash echoed as the flames struck the barrier. Dark gold flames erupted in a net of searing power, slamming against the cyan barrier.
There was no massive explosion, but the sound it made was bone-chilling, a shriek that felt as if billions of souls were wailing at once.
The wall shuddered violently. The arcane sigil’s patterns spun wildly, straining to contain the destructive force, but it couldn’t hold. In less than a heartbeat, the barrier groaned under the weight, cracking noises spreading like lightning as fractures spiderwebbed across its surface.
###Chapter 2717
Dustin took the hit, and he felt as if a mountain had crashed into him. The flame’s impact shattered his barrier, sending him backward. Blood sprayed from his mouth and streaked behind him in a sharp arc.
He crashed onto the white stone floor over 100 feet away, tumbling until his momentum finally ran out. Only after driving his longsword into the ground for support did he manage to kneel on one knee.
The blade vibrated in his grip, its glow nearly gone. Whatever strength he’d just managed to recover was scattered like leaves in the wind.
Dustin’s chest and abdomen felt trapped between ancient ice and hellfire. His soul seemed to be getting shredded by countless fangs, each wave of agony threatening to drown his consciousness.
Malthor’s metal and fire abilities complemented each other perfectly. Their combined power didn’t just add up, but it underwent a complete transformation into something far more deadly.
“You survived 70% of my Metal Void Slash and Soulfire Fist. That’s something you can boast about in the afterlife,” Malthor said coldly, his tone like a death sentence already passed.
He walked forward-each step silently disintegrating the ground beneath him-and slowly raised both hands.
In his left palm, countless hair-thin needles, Platinum Essence-Shattering Needles, flickered with deadly white light that gathered like a swirling nebula. They hummed lethally, locking onto every acupoint and energy channel throughout Dustin’s body.
In his right hand, a dark-gold fireball the size of a human head rotated slowly. Inside it, countless miniature black holes opened and collapsed in endless cycles. This was the core of Malthor’s Great Annihilation Art. It radiated a terrifying suction that could refine everything into nothingness.
The needles would shatter Dustin’s essence, and the fire threatened to consume whatever remained. This was a perfect killing formation, sealing off every possibility of escape or defense.
Grace’s face went deathly pale, her body trembling uncontrollably. The storm of golden needles was about to erupt, and the dark-gold fireball hung ready to obliterate Dustin along with the surrounding space. But at that critical instant, a voice rang out.
An elderly man’s calm voice rang out, yet it carried a power that seemed to calm all chaos in the world. It echoed clearly through the killing intent that saturated the palace, as if it had traveled across endless ages to arrive at this exact moment.
“Infinite Celestial Sovereign.”
Immediately after, a pale cyan light materialized from nowhere in front of Dustin. Soft in appearance yet thrumming with boundless cosmic essence, it rapidly expanded and solidified into a slowly rotating arcane sigil.
Within the sigil, two swirling energies spun endlessly around each other, merging and separating in perfect balance. They radiated a force that seemed to push back everything hostile, untouchable, and absolute.
The Platinum Essence-Shattering Needles, sharp enough to pierce through the void itself, shot toward the arcane sigil like a torrential downpour. Yet they vanished like stones thrown into the ocean, effortlessly deflected, decomposed, and dissolved into nothing by the swirling energies.
At the same time, the dark-gold fireball carrying the core of the Great Annihilation Art struck the sigil’s surface. A gentle yet irresistible force caught it mid-descent, suspending it in the air. Its destructive suction slammed against an invisible barrier, unable to advance even a fraction of an inch.
For the first time, Malthor’s eternally frozen expression wavered. He snapped his head toward the hall’s entrance, his gaze cold and piercing.
Cyran stood at the doorway, appearing from nowhere, with a staff in his hand. His robes fluttered around him, and the familiar gaunt lines of his face were unchanged. Yet his eyes carried a storm of complex emotion as they locked onto Malthor and the nearly-dying Dustin.
Next to him was a child, Terraen, in a red vest and topknot. He planted both hands on his hips, round eyes glaring at Malthor.
He shouted angrily, “Malthor! You shameless old bastard. Just because you’ve lived longer doesn’t mean you can go around bullying the younger ones.
“Dual cultivation of metal and fire, my ass! Getting this worked up beating someone half-dead? Ugh! What a pathetic old man.”
Cyran’s sudden appearance, combined with Terraen’s merciless mockery, hit like ice water thrown into boiling oil. The atmosphere in Elysium Palace instantly turned strange and tense.
Malthor’s face, frozen for countless ages, shifted ever so slightly. A deadly, frigid intent radiated from him, zeroing in on the two at the hall’s entrance. He frowned, eyes flashing with unexpected fury.
“Cyran! And you, accursed one! You were supposed to be hiding in that ruined forest, sneaking by unnoticed, and yet you dare show up here and stir trouble?” he barked.
Cyran waved his staff lazily. His face was calm, but his eyes burned with a mix of resignation and resolve.
“Malthor, stop this madness,” he said. ” Sacrificing fellow cultivators’ essence, energy, spirit, and soul to the Void-Tyrant Dragon to gain power is only going to destroy you, and it will bring untold catastrophe. You’ve already betrayed our original purpose of guarding the seal.”
Terraen stamped his feet and shouted furiously, “Old mud-sucker! You’re the accursed one. You turned this whole island into a hellhole, and now you’re trying to murder people? Just wait. I’m going to knock every last tooth out of your head.”
“Original purpose?” Malthor’s laughter rang out cold and manic, as if he’d heard the world’s funniest joke. “Guarding the seal? Spend eternity guarding this pitiful prison while waiting for it to crumble on its own?
“Cyran, you’re hopelessly na?ve. Power alone is eternal. It’s the only eternal thing. Since you both insist on dying, I’ll grant your wish. I’ll use your essence to finally gain complete control over the dragon core.
###Chapter 2718
Before Malthor could finish speaking, Cyran had already stopped arguing with him. Cyran’s figure blurred, then appeared beside Dustin. His withered hand lightly pressed against Dustin’s back.
A stream of pure, vibrant spiritual energy flowed into Dustin, steady and unbroken, filling the hollows of his nearly exhausted body.
Though it shared the same lineage as his mystical pure energy, Cyran’s spiritual energy was much purer and refined. It not only repaired his injuries at remarkable speed but also nourished the very essence he had burned through.
“Focus your mind, young friend. I’ll help you with your recovery,” Cyran said quietly.
Warmth spread through Dustin’s entire body. The internal injuries from withstanding Malthor’s dual-element attack and the strain on his spirit were healing at an incredible pace.
The exhaustion from consecutive battles vanished, and his depleted energy reserves rapidly refilled. In mere moments, he had recovered over 70% of his strength. He was shocked that Cyran’s cultivation went far beyond anything he could measure.
“Thank you, sir,” Dustin said earnestly. The sight enraged Malthor Cyran’s actions were nothing less than an open challenge and a betrayal.
“Fine. Since you’re all so eager to die, I’ll send you all on your way,” he spat.
Malthor’s fury exploded. He stopped speaking since there was nothing left to say. Dark gold and platinum light flared across his body, intertwining into a towering column of deadly energy that shot straight toward the palace ceiling.
He thrust both hands forward and shouted, “Metal Flame Cataclysm! Annihilation of All Things!”
A deafening roar shook the entire Elysium Immortal Palace.
Around Malthor, dark gold soul-scorching flames and platinum annihilating energy surged outward like a tidal wave. Wherever the flames passed, stone melted and metal liquefied. The annihilating energy cut through everything in its path-beams collapsed, columns crumbled, walls exploded.
The decadent wine pools evaporated instantly, and the towering meat racks turned to char. Men and women indulging in pleasure didn’t even have time to scream before being reduced to ashes in the soul-scorching flames.
It seemed like the entire grand hall would collapse and be erased under this single attack.
“Let’s join forces!” Cyran shouted, lifting his staff into the air. Thousands of silver threads shimmered and spread outward, forming a massive arcane sigil in front of them. The glowing pattern acted as a shield, holding back the onslaught of Malthor’s devastating golden flames.
The sigil spun slowly, flowing through cycles of opposing force. It constantly broke down and neutralized the raging golden flames.
Even Terraen had stopped laughing. His small face grew serious as he formed hand seals and muttered incantations under his breath.
The stone floor beneath him softened and bulged upward, reshaping into a solid, earth-colored wall. It rose behind the arcane sigil like a shield of the earth itself, bracing against the shockwave spilling over.
Without hesitation, Dustin’s mystical pure energy, now flowing freely through him, surged like a raging dragon. His longsword emitted a clear, piercing cry. He moved as one with the blade, becoming a streak of cyan light that tore through the chaos.
Instead of confronting the torrent of golden flame, he shot through a narrow gap torn open by Cyran’s sigil. His movement was precise and deadly, aiming straight for Malthor’s body.
At the tip of his sword, all he had learned of the sword path converged into a single, piercing point of extreme cold. It was as if it could cut through every illusion in the world.
“Eradicate evil with a single strike!” Dustin shouted. Malthor hadn’t expected them to move with such seamless coordination, their offense and defense perfectly intertwined. With a roar, he was forced to split his attention to counter Dustin’s deadly, unpredictable strike.
His left hand formed a solid shield from the annihilating energy, ready to block any strike. With his right, he shaped the soul-scorching flames into several fire dragons that shot straight toward Dustin.
The sword and shield collided with a deafening clash, sending sparks flying Fire dragons slammed into Dustin’s protective sword aura and erupted into balls of flame.
Almost instantly, a chaotic battle erupted among the four. Cyran held fast to defense, weaving the arcane sigil to absorb Malthor’s wide-reaching assaults.
Terraen moved to support him. His earth element techniques alternated between raising massive shields to block the attacks and summoning stone spikes to throw Malthor off balance.
Dustin pressed the offensive, his sword flashing like lightning, and moved as swiftly as the wind. He circled Malthor, hunting for any opening, launching relentless, unstoppable attacks.
Golden light ripped through the air, while flames scorched the sky. Cyan energy streaked in all directions, and the earth. itself roared. The Elysium Immortal Palace had become their battlefield. The once-majestic halls shattered at a terrifying pace.
The massive dome was pierced by countless holes from stray energy blasts, revealing the churning, malevolent sky outside. The giant pillars supporting the hall collapsed one after another, stirring clouds of dust. The ground cracked, crisscrossed with fissures as if struck by a massive earthquake.
Grace had already fallen back to the far edge of the formation, relying on the remnants of the protective array to keep herself safe. She could only stare in disbelief at the battle raging before her, utterly stunned.
So this was the true power of an Immortal Demon. With a single wave of Malthor’s hand, mountains crumbled, and the palace itself seemed ready to collapse
She couldn’t deny his terrifying strength, or the devastating force of his mastery over both metal and fire. Yet no matter what he did, the trio moved in perfect sync, countering him at every turn
Cyran’s defenses deflected most of his attacks. Terraen’s constant interference kept him from going all out, and Dustin’s elusive, razor-sharp sword kept him on edge, genuinely threatened.
Even Malthor’s dark-black war robe was torn. A faint trickle of dark-gold blood ran from the corner of his mouth. His energy wave, once as deep and unfathomable as the sea, had clearly faltered. He was now on the defensive.
“Damn it! How dare you miserable pests injure me!” Malthor roared, his eyes wild with fury and resentment.
He unleashed a massive wave of golden flame to force the three k momentarily Staggering, his face darkened with a terrifying storm of anger.
Dustin and the others closed in, forming a triangular formation around him. Their bodies were tired from the fight, but their momentum hadn’t faltered.
Malthor was running on his last reserves of energy. The tide of battle was tipping, and victory was starting to slip from his grasp.
###Chapter 2719
“It’s time for your execution, Malthor,” Dustin said coldly, leveling his sword at him. Cyran swept his staff upward as the arcane sigil slowly pressed down from above, while Terraen cracked his knuckles, eager to jump in.
Just when everyone thought the outcome was decided, Malthor’s face twisted into an extremely unsettling smile-a blend of madness, cruelty, and grim resolve.
“Execute me? You think you can defeat me? He let out a harsh, broken laugh. His gaze swept over Valindra, Lysander, and Talmor -who were either sealed away or lying severely injured nearby. A glint of undisguised greed and cruelty flickered in his eyes.
“To force me to use this technique… You should be proud.”
Before his words fell, he threw both arms wide and began chanting an ancient, sinister incantation that seemed to crawl up from the deepest abyss.
As the chant echoed, the dark gold and platinum glow surrounding him turned pitch black. A surge of evil far darker and more nauseating than dragon blood malevolent energy erupted like a demon waking from eternal slumber.
“In my name, I offer the sacrifice of kindred blood. Devour their souls and return to the source. Rise, Demon Dragon!”
Three jet-black beams erupted from Malthor’s body, each one topped with a writhing dragon skull. They shot across the hall like chains from hell itself and slammed into Valindra, Lysander, and Talmor.
“No…”
From Valindra’s sealed light cocoon came a soul-piercing scream, filled with absolute terror. Lysander’s frozen body trembled violently, his expression cracking into endless pain and regret.
Talmor’s eyes widened in the blood-soaked ground. He let out a piercing, inhuman howl. What happened next made everyone’s blood run cold.
The three bodies deflated like punctured balloons, withering visibly. All the life force and souls they had cultivated over a lifetime, even the dragon essence flowing through their blood and flesh, were all forcefully siphoned away by the black beams and channeled directly into Malthor’s body
Valindra’s flawless beauty disappeared in an instant, her body reduced to a shrunken, skin-covered skeleton. Lysander’s slender frame collapsed into nothing but a leathery husk wrapped around bones. Even Talmor’s bulky frame was stripped down to a dry, lifeless skeleton.
In the blink of an eye, Malthor had turned all three of his formidable guardians into grotesque, horrifying corpses with his dark sorcery.
The last spark of life vanished from their eyes, leaving only endless emptiness and the weight of death.
Having absorbed the power of all three, Malthor began to twist into something terrifying. His already massive frame swelled again, bursting through the tattered battle robes.
Dark, dense dragon scales glinted with a cold, eerie light across his body. His hands morphed into savage claws, fingertips shimmering with deadly chill.
Two massive bumps rose from his forehead, like horns straining to break free. Behind him, a tearing sound split the air as a pair of jagged, incomplete black wings ripped open from his back.
Malthor’s face contorted into something neither human nor dragon, with bared fangs. His eyes burned into vertical slits of dark-red fire, raw with unbridled rage, chaos, and lust for destruction.
A storm of demonic energy surged outward, fused with the restless power of multiple dragons he had forcibly absorbed. The black whirlwind radiated from him, tangible and suffocating
The ruined Immortal Palace groaned under the pressure, teetering on the brink of collapse. Malthor had consumed his allies and become a terrifying half-dragon, half-demon abomination.
A roar that seemed to rise from the depths of hell itself shook the entire island. The sonic blast flattened the remaining palace ruins around them.
Dustin, Cyran, and Terraen’s faces turned pale. The evil energy radiating from Malthor far surpassed anything they had felt before. It made their very souls tremble, and their hearts sank at once.
Malthor had become a terrifying half-dragon, half-demon abomination. His overwhelming magical power twisted together with the jagged, unassimilated energies of the dragons he had forcibly consumed.
A visible black storm formed, tearing through the last remnants of the Elysium Immortal Palace. Stone and shattered pillars turned to dust in the storm. Even the surrounding space groaned and warped under the weight of such pure malevolence.
He threw his head back, letting out a roar neither human nor dragon. His dark-red vertical pupils locked onto Dustin, Cyran, and Terraen. In that gaze burned nothing but the purest desire to destroy.
“Pests… Become fuel for my ascent to the supreme path of the demonic path,” the demonized Malthor said, ready to attack. He didn’t even need to employ any complex techniques. A single sweep of his massive claw was enough.
The black-scaled talon tore through the void, leaving five jagged streaks of warped space in its wake, sweeping across the battlefield like a grim reaper’s scythe. Wherever the claws swiped, life withered, and spiritual energy vanished.
###Chapter 2720
“Watch out!” Cyran’s face went pale as he swung his staff wildly. The arcane sigil flared to its full size in an instant, straining to block the claw.
Terraen shouted and slammed both palms to the ground. A wall of earth, several yards thick and shimmering with ochre crystal light, erupted between the sigil and the attack.
Dustin poured every ounce of his strength into the strike. His mystical pure energy surged through his sword without restraint, forming a condensed cyan sword aura that seemed sharp enough to split light from darkness. He aimed it directly at the center of the claw.
The three unleashed their full defenses, but Malthor’s claws smashed through them with unstoppable force. There was no stalemate, only the sound of everything collapsing.
The crystal-light barrier that Terraen had conjured shattered like paper. Cyran’s arcane sigil twisted violently, the swirling energies spinning madly in a desperate attempt to contain the dark energy.
However, it could only last for a heartbeat before exploding. Cyran groaned, blood trickling from the corner of his mouth, and he staggered backward.
Dustin’s dual-essence sword aura struck the claw mark, and it was like ice against adamantine. The clash rang with a piercing screech, and the sword aura broke inch by inch.
The backlash tore open the web between his thumb and forefinger, nearly sending the blade flying. He was thrown backward as if struck by lightning, blood spraying from his wounds.
All of it came from a single casual swing. Yet somehow, despite fighting together, the three of them were thoroughly defeated.
The demonized Malthor let out a cruel, savage laugh. His tattered demonic wings snapped open, and in the blink of an eye, his ghostly form appeared right in front of Terraen. He moved faster than ever before.
“Accursed one, you’ll be my first appetizer, ” he said. A jet-black dragon claw, radiating an energy wave that could obliterate everything, slammed down toward him.
Terraen’s face went pale, and he tried to use the earth-escaping technique. But the surrounding space was sealed off by demonic energy, leaving him with nowhere to dodge.
“Don’t touch my disciple!” Cyran roared, his eyes blazing with fury.
Ignoring his own injuries, he forcefully activated his inner core, and the energy surged through him. In a flash, he positioned himself in front of Terraen. His staff transformed into thousands of silver threads, swirling like a collapsing river of stars toward Malthor’s claws.
“Dustin! Get him out of here!” he shouted.
“Mr. Xalvador!” Terraen screamed.
“Trying to run?”
The demonized Malthor laughed coldly, and his dragon claw snapped shut. The river of silver threads shattered instantly, vanishing without a trace.
Cyran staggered back, blood dripping from his mouth. His energy wave faltered in an instant, and his inner core clearly suffered a crushing blow.
Malthor’s other dragon claw had already appeared behind Dustin, silent as a shadow. The tips glowed faintly, aiming straight for the back of his heart
Dustin was trapped, attacked from both front and back. It was a brutal sneak attack. He gritted his teeth against the pain and turned to block with his sword.
The clash of metal echoed through the sky. A force beyond description slammed into him, rattling the bones in his arm.
The impact sent him flying again, smashing into a pile of broken walls and rubble. Buried beneath the debris, his life hung in the balance.
The gap in strength between them was terrifying. Malthor, fully consumed by his demonic energy, had long surpassed the terrestrial immortal realm. He had reached an entirely new level of strength. Even if the three of them had fought together, it would have been like a mouse challenging a lion.
He moved forward with heavy, deliberate steps toward the barely conscious Cyran and the terrified Terraen. His dark-red, vertical pupils gleamed with cruel amusement, like a cat playing with its prey.
“Cyran, you stubborn old fool,” Malthor spat. “You will watch with your own eyes as I slowly crush your accursed one’s soul to dust. ”
His dragon claw reached toward Terraen’s head, moving deliberately slowly. But every inch radiated a suffocating, bone-deep pressure.
Terraen’s eyes darted between Cyran’s ashen face, Dustin buried somewhere in the ruins, and the deathly claw closing in. For the first time, his dark, lively eyes showed a resolve and sorrow far beyond his years.
“Mr. Xalvador…” he murmured, his voice trembling but filled with unshakable resolve. “I don’t want to hide anymore. Let’s fight him together.”
Cyran looked into his disciple’s eyes and saw the same fierce determination he recognized in himself. Then he turned to face Malthot and his overwhelming presence.
Any lingering doubt in his mind burned away, replaced by a calm, tragic acceptance. It was the clarity of one willing to risk everything to protect the path of righteousness.
With great effort, he raised a hand and gently stroked Terraen’s hair. His voice was hoarse, but it carried an unusual serenity, a quiet strength in the face of death
“You’re right. Protecting this island and cleansing it of demon energy is our destiny. Today, we will use our broken bodies to fight for a sliver of life for all living beings.”
With that, Cyran straightened his hunched frame in a sudden surge of will. The lifeless energy that had clung to him flared violently, like a dying light returning with a roar But this time, the surge carried something new. It was a burning, all-consuming resolve
A dazzling cyan radiance erupted from his body. It wasn’t spiritual energy but was the essence of his life itself, the fire of his divine soul blazing with unstoppable intensity.
“Cyran! Are you out of your mind?”
The demonized Malthor stiffened, his expression twisting in alarm. His dragon claw lunged toward Terraen, moving with terrifying speed.
“Dustin, inherit my legacy. Strike down this demon.”
Cyran let out a long, earth-shattering roar, his hands thrusting forward with tremendous force. The towering column of vivid cyan energy, burning with life and spirit, did not attack Malthor.
Instead, it traversed space like rivers returning to the sea, instantly pouring into the distant pile of rubble where Dustin lay buried.
###Chapter 2721
At the same time, Terraen’s face lit up with a brilliant smile. His small body erupted with a fierce, earthy yellow light-the pure, core power of this mountain spirit’s essence.
Without hesitation, he poured all of his condensed earth energy-accumulated over countless years-into a thick, surging yellow torrent. It followed Cyran’s blue pillar of light, merging with it as they both surged toward Dustin, buried beneath the ruins.
Two streams of power collided in him Cyran’s life force with years of cultivation, and the fire of his soul, combined with Terraen’s purest, most elemental earth energy as a mountain spirit. Together, they flooded Dustin without restraint, a torrent of raw, overwhelming power.
“No…” the demonized Malthor roared, a mix of fury and disbelief.
His dragon claw slammed down, but it tore through nothing but the fleeting illusions Cyran and Terraen had left behind. Their bodies were gone, having poured every last ounce of themselves into that final act.
All that remained were specks of teal-yellow light, drifting like fireflies and serving as a silent testament to their existence. They had given their lives for humanity, and their souls had returned to the world.
At that moment, the rubble that Dustin was buried under exploded outward. An indescribable, overwhelming presence erupted, as if an ancient, primordial sovereign had awoken from a long slumber.
Brilliant, seven-colored immortal radiance punched through the sky, blasting away the demonic energy and murderous intent that had choked the air. It instantly illuminated the Elysium Immortal Palace’s ruin as if by daylight itself.
Dustin rose through the shimmering immortal light. He was still dressed in white, pristine and untouched by dust or blood. All his previous injuries had completely healed. The energy radiating off him ran deeper than any ocean and stretched wider than the night sky.
His eyes no longer carried the sharpness of a swordmaster. Instead, they radiated calm and authority, as if he were looking down on all beings, understanding the very essence of the world.
A faint current of chaotic energy swirled around him, as if every gesture could bend the cosmic laws and reshape the world itself. He felt the immense power coursing through him, far beyond what he had ever understood.
It was a gift from Cyran and Terraen, offered at the cost of their lives. Two forces of the exact origin, different in nature, fused perfectly into a single, overwhelming essence.
With that power surging through him, Dustin’s long-stalled bottleneck had been broken through, and now he had stepped into a realm spoken of only in legend. He had finally reached the immortal realm.
Dustin’s gaze settled on the demonized Malthor, who now looked uncertain, even afraid. Slowly, he raised his hand. He didn’t use a sword, but just a sword finger. He pressed them gently downward toward Malthor.
“Seal him!”
The word left her lips, and the law obeyed. 2
A massive, rainbow-hued sigil appeared above the head of the corrupted Malthor. It was vast enough to blot out the sky and seemed woven directly from the cosmic law. Ignoring distance and space, it pressed down with unstoppable authority.
“I am the Supreme Demon Lord,” Malthor roared defiantly. “How dare you…”
Demonic energy erupted around him, black dragon claws tearing at space itself, and crimson breath incinerating everything in their path. He struck at the sigil with every ounce of his power.
But the rainbow sigil, infused with the laws of humans and immortals and the will of two fallen guardians, made his resistance look meaningless.
His demonic energy touched the sigil and melted away like ice. Even his dragon claws shattered the moment they gripped it. His breath was absorbed, purified without mercy.
The rainbow sigil pressed down like a guillotine, unyielding, until it stamped itself across the forehead of the demonized Malthor.
He let out a bloodcurdling scream. His massive demonic body trembled, contracted, and twisted violently under the sigil’s power.
Black dragon scales flaked away from his body, revealing rotting flesh beneath. A swelling on his forehead burst, sending foul blood trickling down.
Those fleshy wings on his back disintegrated piece by piece. The demonic energy that had been pouring off him in waves suddenly started venting like a ruptured tank, dissipating under the sigil’s purification before it could spread.
With one final howl filled with endless rage and refusal to yield, Malthor’s colossal form collapsed entirely. His body shrank back into human shape, charred from head to toe.
He gasped weakly as he slumped to the ground, crushed beneath the unrelenting pressure of the seven-colored sigils, rendering him immobile.
The chaotic, devouring dragon energy coursing through him gradually settled, dissipating under the sigils’ purifying influence.
One strike was all it took when an immortal decided to seal the demon. On the shattered ruins of the Immortal Palace, Dustin stood alone, radiant with lingering immortal light. Malthor lay suppressed on the ground, broken and humiliated.
The seven-colored sigils rotated slowly above him, radiating overwhelming celestial power that pinned Malthor to the ruined palace floor.
The once-proud figure who devoured his fellow cultivators and transformed into a demonic dragon now looked like a prisoner nailed to a pillar of shame. He was charred black, gasping for breath, barely clinging to life.
Only the occasional twitch of his body and the strange, incomprehensible sounds from his throat reminded anyone that he was still alive, enduring the torments of rune purification and suppression.
The oppressive pressure of demonic energy and raging dragon essence that had filled the air gradually faded as Malthor was subdued.
The suffocating weight of his evil finally lifted, leaving behind nothing but the devastated ruins, the lingering smoke and dust, and the faint, solemn echo of a battle fought to the limit.
###Chapter 2722
The chaotic energy around Dustin slowly unraveled, and the seven-colored immortal glow dimmed until everything settled again. He felt a massive yet controllable surge of immortal energy inside him.
Instead of feeling triumphant, a heavy knot of emotion settled in his chest. The surge of power inside him carried a cost he couldn’t ignore. Cyran and Terraen had sacrificed themselves, and all that remained of them was the silence they left behind.
Dustin’s gaze swept across the spot where they had vanished. Only scattered motes of greenish-yellow sparks lingered in the air, flickering stubbornly like the last fireflies of summer. They seemed unwilling to fade, carrying a quiet hope that refused to die.
He lowered his head in silent respect, honoring their sacrifice, the protection they had offered, and the enduring spirit that would outlast the world itself.
“Mr. Xalvador and my young friend, rest in peace. The evil here has been purged,” Dustin said quietly. His voice was calm, but carried a quiet resolve, as if his words were a promise that could not be broken.
Just then, he heard hurried footsteps and tear-choked shouting from the edge of the rubble. Supported by Judith, Grace stumbled forward and shouted, “Dustin!”
Her hair was a mess, her clothes streaked with dust and blood, and worry was written all over her face. She looked at him, and for a moment, she barely recognized him. His presence had grown deeper and sharper, carrying an almost otherworldly weight.
“Are… Are you alright?” she asked, her voice trembling. She couldn’t stop herself from glancing at the subdued Malthor. Her gaze then drifted farther, toward the heart of the Vitalis Pool, where the sealing rift still glowed with an ominous energy.
Dustin turned to look at Grace. The cold detachment and authority in his eyes softened slightly, returning to a warmth closer to his usual. But there was still something different about him now, something untouchable, almost otherworldly.
“I’m fine. But Mr. Xalvador and that young friend who helped me suppress this demon They’ve already sacrificed themselves and passed on,” he replied with a sigh.
Grace’s body trembled. She had anticipated it, yet hearing it for herself still struck her. It filled her with an indescribable mix of sorrow and respect. She lowered her head in silent respect toward where the light had faded.
“These demons have been dealt with. Do you think the Dragonblood Fruit could be here?” she asked, hope flickering in her gaze.
Even after learning the truth about the elixir of immortality and witnessing the clash between immortals and demons, her determination to heal her father remained her greatest concern. Dustin sighed and turned his gaze toward the heart of the Vitalis Pool.
The sealed rift gaped like a bleeding wound. Threads of pure yet dangerous Void -Tyrant Dragon malevolent energy still seeped out and flowed into the rainbow-colored spring below.
The Dragonblood Fruit beside the spring had lost some of its luster without Malthor’s power sustaining it. But the corrupting allure hidden within it remained unchanged.
“His Majesty’s condition is a deep-rooted malady, one that has damaged his very life force. No ordinary medicine can cure it.
“The Dragonblood Fruit, and even the Vitalis Pool water contaminated by malevolent energy, contain the Void-Tyrant Dragon’s destructive will. They are corrupt to their very essence.
“Taking them wouldn’t save his life but would accelerate his death, or worse, transform him into a mindless dragon puppet that would bring catastrophe to the world.”
He paused, then changed the subject.
“However… The Vitalis Pool’s core spiritual liquid was originally the world’s purest source of vitality. Even though it has been tainted by malevolent energy, its original essence is still there. With Malthor subdued, the malevolent energy here has lost its master and is gradually settling.”
Dustin turned to Malthor, still restrained by the seven-colored sigils.
“Inside that demon, several types of dragon essence remained unrefined. Though its attributes are ferocious and destructive, fundamentally they still contain boundless life force.”
Dustin raised his hand, letting his immortal essence swirl through his palm, reaching out to guide the natural laws around him.
From the rainbow sigils still holding Malthor down, a thin thread of light peeled away and slithered into his body like a cautious spirit-snake. It carefully drew out a restless, multicolored core of energy, the purified remnants of dragon core with most of its destructive intent neutralized.
At the same time, his other hand reached toward the Vitalis Pool. Invisible forces streamed into the water, filtering out the lingering, malevolent crimson energy and dissolving it completely.
From this process, he distilled a small handful of seven-colored spiritual liquid essence, shimmering with pure vitality and harmonious energy.
By using his own immortal essence as a furnace and his divine sense as flame, Dustin placed the dragon core and the seven-colored spiritual liquid in his palm. The two forces, different in nature but both teeming with life, began to fuse slowly under his control.
As the process continued, the seven-colored spiritual liquid tempered the dragon core’s fury, while its own vitality grew stronger and more abundant, nourished by the dragon essence.
Moments later, a tablet roughly the size of a pigeon egg had formed in his palm. It was perfectly round, glowed with a gentle milky light, and faint cloud-like patterns were swirling across its surface.
The moment it formed, a refreshing, soul-cleansing fragrance spread from it. Its vitality wasn’t as overwhelming as the Dragonblood Fruit’s, but it was deeper and steadier, radiating a righteous, balanced energy.
“This tablet was crafted from purified dragon core and the Vitalis Pool’s spiritual liquid, refined with my immortal essence,” Dustin said, handing it out to Grace.
He went on, “I can’t promise it will bring someone back from the dead, but it should restore his foundation and extend his life by ten years. That should be enough to ensure His Majesty survives this crisis and allows him to live out his remaining years in peace.”
Grace’s hands trembled as she took the tablet. She could feel the abundant yet balanced vitality flowing from it. Her eyes suddenly welled with tears.
She understood that this was the best outcome Dustin could provide without violating the natural order or touching the Void-Tyrant Dragon’s forbidden power. To her, extending her father’s life to another ten years was more than enough.
###Chapter 2723
The dead silence was broken by the sound of scuffling footsteps emerging from the edge of the rubble.
“Someone’s coming!” Rhydian snapped to attention and let out a low warning. The surviving guards instantly closed ranks, forming a protective shield in front of Grace.
Dustin lifted his gaze slightly, his divine sense sweeping over the rubble. He relaxed almost immediately, as if he had been expecting them.
Through the haze of smoke and fallen columns, a group of figures moved cautiously. Leading them were Tristan, Matthias, and Nathaniel, who had been separated from them on the island for some time.
The soldiers trailing behind were noticeably fewer in number. Every one of them bore injuries, their clothes torn to rags, faces haggard with exhaustion.
Whatever they’d encountered on the way here had clearly been brutal. The three brothers looked disheveled. Their fine robes were torn, crowns sat crooked, and their faces were smeared with grime and blood.
Following the tremors from the earlier cataclysmic battle and the final eruption of the seven-colored immortal essence light, the group expected to find a rare treasure or the aftermath of a titanic clash. But what they never could have imagined was a scene of total, utter destruction.
As far as their eyes could see, everything was in ruins-palaces reduced to rubble, stone melted into molten streaks, the earth scorched black, and fissures gaping into unfathomable depths.
This was no longer a distant, immortal island. Instead, it looked like a land freshly ravaged by an apocalyptic disaster.
At the center of the ruin stood a solitary figure in white. Beneath him, a charred form was pinned by strange, seven-colored sigils, still radiating a faint but terrifying energy. The sight struck the three brothers to the core.
“What… What happened here?” Matthias asked, staring at the rubble before him in disbelief.
The sight of Malthor, pinned beneath the strange seven-colored sigils, made his heart pound. Even at the brink of death, the lingering pressure of his presence sent chills through Matthias.
Nathaniel’s eyes swept over the wreckage attentively before settling on Dustin. Disbelief and intense scrutiny warred across his face.
He recognized the tattered dark battle robe on Malthor. Its style reminded him of the fearsome Thymaleon, but the lingering energy wave far exceeded anything Thymaleon had ever radiated. Still, Nathaniel couldn’t believe Dustin was capable of such a feat.
Tristan appeared calm, but his fingers trembled slightly. The scene before him was too shocking to process. After all, the once-massive palace had been reduced to ruin.
“Mr. Rhys, has the danger here been eliminated?” he asked tentatively.
Dustin nodded slightly in response. He said calmly, “The demons here have been suppressed, and the turmoil has temporarily subsided.”
Such an offhand remark struck the three brothers like lightning. It hit them that Dustin was the one who single-handedly brought order to the palace and subdued this terrifying existence that was comparable to a demon.
Tristan, Matthias, and Nathaniel recalled how Dustin had intercepted Thymaleon’s golden light back in the canyon. They suddenly understood that what Dustin had displayed then was probably just the tip of the iceberg.
Grace stepped forward and quickly filled her three brothers in on what had happened, but left out many details.
She simply explained that Malthor and his group were rogue cultivators who had taken root in Elysium Isle. They intended to act against the natural order, and that Dustin, with the help of two other reclusive masters, had stopped them. Those two masters had unfortunately died in the battle.
Grace didn’t mention the Void-Tyrant Dragon, the core secrets of the seal, or the origins of the immortal essence tablet. She simply said Dustin had refined the spiritual herb to save their father.
But the word “spiritual herb” immediately caught the brothers’ attention. Their eyes flicked onto the milky-white tablet in her hand, from which a soft light and a soothing fragrance emanated.
To them, a tablet personally crafted by Dustin after a great battle between immortals and demons couldn’t be ordinary. Considering Dustin’s unfathomable strength, the three brothers couldn’t even begin to imagine what this tablet could do.
Tristan took a deep breath to suppress the turmoil in his chest. He tried to keep his tone calm.
“Mr. Rhys’s abilities are truly profound. You’re even skilled in alchemy? What exactly does this tablet do?”
Dustin glanced at him and replied indifferently, “This tablet is called the immortal essence tablet. It was forged from the residual spiritual energy of this place and the purified essence of the demons. It strengthens one’s vital essence and extends one’s lifespan.”
The moment those words left his mouth, all three brothers’ breathing quickened. If Valon sought immortality, it was only natural that the three brothers would want the same immortality and more time to secure their power.
A flash of undisguised fervor crossed Matthias’ eyes. He couldn’t help pressing further, “Extends lifespan? By how much?”
He’d faced death on countless battlefields without fear. But if he could live ten more years, he might conquer even greater territories.
Dustin’s gaze swept across the three brothers, taking in the barely restrained greed and desire in their eyes, and he calmly replied, “Ten years.”.
For men like them, living in the shadow of the throne and a thousand daggers in the dark, ten years was an eternity. There was more time to plot and more opportunities to seize power. It could be the difference between dying a prince and living long enough to become a king.
The ruins fell into strange silence. Only the faint, low hiss from the distant sealed fissure remained, along with the three brothers’ heavy breathing.
###Chapter 2724
Nathaniel quickly masked his emotions. He stepped forward with a warm smile, keeping his posture low in deference.
“Mr. Rhys, you’re truly a divine being. Not only can you subdue the demon, but you can also refine an elixir of immortality. Honestly, my brothers and I have been sick with worry over our father’s health. We would give anything to take on his suffering.
“Could you prepare another batch and craft a few immortal essence tablets for us as well? Name your price and whatever medicinal ingredients you require. We will do everything in our power to provide for them.”
Tristan and Matthias caught on immediately, echoing Nathaniel’s words with equal earnestness. Their gazes locked on Dustin, full of hope.
Whether for the monumental merit of presenting the cure or the promise of ten extra years of life, the reward was enough to make any of them desperate. But Dustin slowly shook his head, his tone carrying a finality that brooked no argument.
He explained, “This tablet was crafted by chance. It drew the last remnants of essence and purified energy in this place, making it one of a kind.
“The method of refinement is not using ordinary alchemy either. It requires a specific immortal essence as a catalyst to harmonize the energy and purify malevolent energy.
“Now that the spiritual energy of this place has been depleted and the malevolent energy has dissipated, it is no longer possible to refine another. This tablet could only be crafted under these exact circumstances and cannot be deliberately recreated.”
His words doused the spark of hope the three brothers had just managed to kindle. Hearing that Dustin couldn’t make another one, that this wasn’t something anyone could force, hit them harder than they expected.
The eager smiles froze on all three faces. Disappointment flickered through their eyes, followed by frustration and bitterness they couldn’t quite cover up.
Tristan, Matthias, and Nathaniel couldn’t help stealing another glance at the immortal essence tablet in Grace’s hands.
Their looks were a complex mix of envy, jealousy, and a flicker of something darker they themselves might not have recognized. After all, the merit that could have granted their father ten more years of life had gone to their sister instead.
Tristan’s mind raced as he tried to figure out how to report this to Valon and maybe take some credit for himself.
Matthias considered what he would do if the tablet fell into his hands. Should he give it to Valon to cement his position as heir, or keep it for himself as backup? Nathaniel weighed other ways to get it from Grace or to find another opportunity.
The atmosphere grew tense and awkward. Though desire burned brightly in their hearts, none dared show the slightest hint of it in front of the unfathomable and powerful Dustin.
Nathaniel let out a dry laugh, breaking the silence first.
11 “I see… We were far too presumptuous,” he said. “Since the elixir of immortality is so rare, Grace is blessed to receive it. Being able to heal Father is a cause for great celebration.”
Tristan and Matthias forced strained smiles and murmured their agreement, though the smile didn’t reach their eyes.
Dustin noticed every flicker of expression but didn’t call them out. The intricate webs of mortal ambition and political gain meant nothing to him now. He glanced at the sky and sensed the flow of energy through the land beneath his feet.
“Our business here is done. Elysium Isle isn’t a place to linger. Though the seal is temporarily stable, its foundation has been damaged, and unforeseen events may occur. Everyone, prepare to leave the island,” he said calmly.
His words sent a chill through the group. If Dustin himself sensed danger lurking, then there was no mistaking that this place was still far from safe.
But just as Dustin was about to use his abilities to lead everyone away from Elysium Isle’s core region, something unexpected happened. It wasn’t coming from the subdued Malthor nor from the sealed rift.
Beneath the central spring of the immortal palace, where the seven-colored fountain once bubbled, the ground had collapsed into a bottomless void. Without warning, a black vortex began to spin within it.
It started no bigger than a millstone, but it spun at terrifying speed and expanded rapidly before their eyes. There was no spiritual energy, no malevolent energy. It was just an icy, empty nothingness that seemed to swallow every trace of light and heat.
Even more disturbing were countless chaotic, twisted roars and whispers, saturated with violence and hunger, emerging from deep within that expanding darkness. It was as if the vortex was connected to some prison of despair, packed with nightmare creatures.
A dark presence seeped from the vortex, far older, deeper, and more despairing than even the dragon blood malevolent energy. It spread as a primordial beast roused from a timeless slumber, filling the air with an ancient, oppressive evil.
“What… What is that?” Matthias cried, his voice shrill with terror as he pointed at the emerging black vortex.
Tristan and Nathaniel turned deathly white and instinctively stepped back. The energy wave emanating from it sent chills down their spines.
Even Dustin tightened his brow, his expression turning grave. He could clearly sense that the black vortex wasn’t Malthor’s power or the Void-Tyrant Dragon’s, but something else. It could be a scar in the world’s barriers, or a seal connecting to some unknown forbidden zone or prison.
But now, this seal had been weakened by successive cataclysms and energy shocks to the island’s core, and was showing signs of failing.
The roars pouring from the vortex, saturated with infinite malice, warned that whatever was sealed beyond it was no benevolent force. The threat level might far exceed the Void-Tyrant Dragon itself.
“Move! Now!” Dustin shouted. He swept his sleeve, and a wave of an immense yet gentle stream of immortal essence enveloped everyone. In a flash of radiance, their figures blurred and streaked into light as they surged toward the outer edges of Elysium Isle.
Within moments, the enormous black vortex had stretched wide enough to engulf the entire ruined palace. Its depths throbbed with a dark, devouring hunger, as if ready to consume everything.
At the heart of the vortex, twisted, inhuman shapes battered against an invisible wall. Their screams cut through the air, growing sharper and closer with every passing second.
###Chapter 2725
Dustin’s immortal essence light carried them a thousand miles in a blink. In less than half a day, they had crossed the endless sea and reached the central plains. He didn’t linger along the coast but headed straight for the heart of Dragohmarsh, Oakvale.
Below the clouds, mountains and rivers rushed past, and towns and villages spread out like a chessboard.
The familiar warmth of the mortal world rushed toward them. It was a stark contrast to Elysium Isle, where paradise and demonic energy had collided into something uncanny. That place already felt like a world apart, as if it belonged to another life.
Grace clutched the box containing the immortal essence tablet so tightly her knuckles turned white. Her heart raced with the thrill of finally returning home, but worry for her father ran just as deep.
Dustin had said the tablet could extend Valon’s life by ten years. But until she saw her father recover with her own eyes, the knot in her chest wouldn’t loosen.
Tristan, Matthias, and Nathaniel were silent, each lost in their own thoughts. Their eyes kept drifting to the box in Grace’s hands, and the expressions they wore were hard to read.
The merit they could receive from giving their father the medicine that could grant him ten more years had been so close, yet slipped through their fingers. It was a bitter feeling
And now Grace was returning with the elixir of immortality and immortal destiny. Her place in Valon’s eyes would only rise. It would be an unpredictable shift in the succession struggle, leaving the three brothers on edge.
Inside the halls of Galene Palace in Aylka, the normally solemn place was shrouded in a thick, medicinal smell and a heavy, somber atmosphere.
Palace attendants held their breath and moved in silence. They were unable to hide their worry.
Valon, ruler of Dragonmarsh, had been bedridden for a long time. The Royal Medical Hall was helpless and could only barely keep him alive with the help of a few skilled doctors using acupuncture and secret medicines.
On the bed, his face was sallow, and his eyes were sunken deep. Each shallow, rapid breath looked as if a candle in the wind might flicker out at any moment.
Several elderly physicians with white hair and beards stood around the bed, frowning. They occasionally exchanged hushed words followed by shakes of their heads.
“Father!”
A cry shattered the deathly silence in the hall. Grace rushed inside, ignoring every rule of decorum. She lifted her skirts as she stumbled toward her father’s bedside. Seeing her father so emaciated and barely breathing, tears instantly streamed down her face.
Tristan, Matthias, and Nathaniel followed close behind. Seeing their father’s frail appearance, they also showed sorrowful expressions and dropped to their knees in formal greeting.
Valon fought to open his clouded eyes. When he saw his beloved daughter, a faint spark appeared in those dull eyes. His lips moved, but he couldn’t make a sound.
“Father, I found medicine to save you. You’re going to recover soon.” Grace choked on the words as she flipped open the jade box with trembling hands.
A refreshing, soothing scent wafted out at once. It swept through the hall, clearing out the stifling medicinal smell and lifting everyone’s spirits.
The elderly physicians, who had been frowning with worry, froze the moment they breathed it in. Their eyes widened and locked on the immortal essence tablet inside the box. The milky-white tablet glimmered with flowing light and carried a natural essence.
“This… What kind of tablet is this? How can it contain such abundant and pure vitality?” Wilbur Reese, the chief physician, exclaimed in astonishment.
Throughout his medical career, he had seen countless rare herbs and concocted countless miraculous elixirs, but he had never felt such pure and balanced life force. He could tell the tablet wasn’t from the mortal world.
“This is an immortal essence tablet. It can cure Father’s illness!” Grace replied.
She had no time for detailed explanations. After receiving Valon’s barely perceptible nod of consent, she carefully fed him the tablet.
It instantly melted in the mouth. Instead of a burning sensation, a soothing warmth spread through his aching body and restored strength to every tired muscle and bone.
Wherever it flowed, years of lingering chronic illness and drained energy began to recover, as if the body had finally been soaked by long-awaited rain.
Everyone in the hall held their breath. Their eyes were glued to Valon, lying on the bed.
They watched as his sallow complexion began to gain a rosy hue. His sunken eye sockets filled out, and his clouded gaze grew clear and bright. His ragged breaths evened out, gaining strength with each inhale.
Surprisingly, a few strands of his graying hair at the temples quietly turned black. The wrinkles on his skin were smoothed out, making him appear ten years younger.
In half an hour, Valon pushed himself up using the bed frame and slowly sat upright. Feeling the long-lost, surging’strength within his body and the renewed vitality, his face was filled with disbelieving joy.
“I feel… so much better. Better than I have in years.”
Valon’s voice was still a little hoarse, but it carried strength and authority. The weakness and frailty from before had vanished.
“Your Majesty is saved. It’s a miracle.”
Wilbur’s tears streamed down his weathered face. He dropped to his knees along with the other physicians.
In their entire medical careers, they had never witnessed such a miracle. This was no longer medicine but practically divine intervention.
“Father!” Grace cried, overwhelmed with joy. At that moment, all her fears, the hardships, and sacrifices of the journey melted away into uncontainable relief and happiness.
###Chapter 2726
Valon slowly rose to his feet. He looked vigorous and spirited, with no trace of his earlier fragility.
“As expected of the immortal essence tablet. It’s truly miraculous,” he said with a smile, his gaze sweeping past Grace before settling on Dustin. He nodded slightly and added, “Dustin, thank you for your hard work.”
He knew perfectly well that without Dustin’s help, he would never have been able to retrieve the immortal essence tablet.
“You’re welcome, Your Majesty. Seeing you safe and sound means I’ve fulfilled my duty,” Dustin replied calmly.
He went on, “This journey to Elysium Isle was perilous. Princess Grace went to great lengths to find this medicine and nearly lost her life in the process. Now that Your Majesty has recovered, you should recognize both her devotion and her accomplishments.”
As a ruler, Valon understood exactly what Dustin was implying. When he looked at Grace again, his expression had softened with unmistakable approval.
His daughter was talented in both civil and martial affairs, and now she’d shown him devotion and courage. She’d even ventured across treacherous seas to bring back an elixir of immortality for him.
By comparison, his three sons were utterly useless. Valon had harbored reservations before, but seeing Dustin support Grace so openly had swept away every last doubt. The time had come to make a decision that would break with centuries of tradition.
At the base of the white marble stairs outside Galene Palace, Tristan, Matthías, and Nathaniel stood beneath the covered walkway. Their faces were a mosaic of conflicting emotions.
Valon’s robust voice echoed from within the hall, along with the rich, medicinal scent that radiated vitality. At that instant, the three brothers knew that their father had fully recovered and was healthier than before.
Their feelings were complex, with a tangled mix of relief and dread. Their father’s recovery should have been cause for celebration for both the nation and the family. Yet, the credit for this monumental achievement fell squarely on Grace’s shoulders.
“Ten years… Father has at least another yten years to live…” Tristan’s voice was low, tinged with a bitterness he barely tried to hide as he stared at the closed palace doors.
That meant the succession struggle they had hoped to settle quickly was now stretched into uncertainty. And Grace, bolstered by this monumental achievement, had instantly become their most formidable rival.
Matthias snorted coldly and clenched his fists. “It’s just good luck and having a powerful ally. Without Dustin, how could she possibly have obtained that elixir of immortality?”
Nathaniel’s eyes narrowed. His soft features betrayed nothing as he lowered his voice.
“Matthias, you’re wrong. Luck is part of one’s strength. Our sister has returned bearing the merit of saving Father’s life, and she has the backing of a terrestrial immortal cultivator like Dustin. Her momentum is building. If we continue fighting separately, we’ll lose everything.”
The meaning behind his words was clear. The air grew heavy with tension. All three were smart enough to understand the situation.
In a one-on-one fight, none of them were confident they could suppress Grace, who was currently at the height of her power and had powerful allies by her side.
After a long silence, Tristan said decisively, “Nathaniel is right. Grace is no longer the sister we could overlook. If we wish to remain contenders, we have no choice but to join forces temporarily.”
“Join forces?” Matthias asked with a frown. “How? And what happens after?”
A sharp gleam flashed in Nathaniel’s eyes as he explained, “First, we work together to remove our sister from the game. As long as we join forces, we can leverage the court bureaucracy and public opinion, find her missteps, and gradually marginalize her influence.”
He paused, then swept his gaze across his two brothers. His voice dropped to a conspiratorial whisper.
“As for what comes after… Once the situation is settled, we can compete fairly on our own merits. What do you think? At least, it’s much better than standing here watching that throne slip further away from our reach.”
Tristan pondered for a moment before nodding firmly. “I agree. The immediate priority is stabilizing the situation. We cannot allow Grace to leverage this achievement to expand her influence further.”
Matthias was reluctant, but he knew this was their only option.
“Fine,” he growled. “We’ll do it your way. Let’s deal with her first.”
In the shadows of the Galene Palace, three hands came together in a brief, silent pact before quickly parting. An alliance forged in jealousy and ambition, targeted against their own sister, was born in the very heart of power.
Inside the hall, Valon’s heart swelled with pride for his daughter. Outside, conspiracy took root, and treacherous undercurrents began to flow.
###Chapter 2727
The hustle and bustle of Oakvale faded behind them. Dustin didn’t leave immediately. On a night when the moon hung clear and bright, he appeared without warning in the courtyard of Grace’s private residence outside the palace. A few dishes sat on the stone table beside a bottle of wine.
Dressing in a simple, elegant casual dress, she sat alone and drank under the moonlight. When she saw him, she didn’t seem surprised. Instead, she smiled and gestured to the stone bench across from her, as if she’d known he’d come to say goodbye.
“Leaving already?” she asked casually, filling a glass for him. Dustin sat and took the glass, letting the smooth warmth of it settle in his hand, and nodded. “Yes. My business here is done,” he replied.
Grace raised her glass and spoke earnestly. “I truly owe you my thanks. Without you, I wouldn’t have even made it to Elysium Isle, let alone obtained the immortal essence tablet to save my father.”
He clinked his glass lightly against hers, the crisp ring resounding in the air.
“There’s no need for that between us. You guided me there, and I helped you get the elixir. We each got what we needed, so we’re even.”
His voice was calm, but carried the unique sincerity and casualness between friends.
Grace smiles softly. She understood Dustin well enough to know this wasn’t a polite brush-off, but what he genuinely believed. She said no more and downed her glass in one go.
“What’s your next plan?” she asked, her eyes filled with concern.
Dustin fell silent for a moment. His gaze seemed to travel across thousands of miles toward the distant west. He traced the rim of his glass with one finger and spoke calmly.
“I’ll be going to West Lucozia. My old man’s health isn’t great, so I should check on him and bring him something.”
He didn’t specify what, and she didn’t press. She already knew Rufus’ condition wasn’t that great. Without miraculous medicine to sustain him, he wouldn’t last much longer.
“It’s a long journey, so take care,” Grace said, raising her glass again. “Send my regards to the Prince of West Lucozia.”
“Will do,” Dustin replied, downing the rest of his wine and standing up in one smooth motion. “I’m off.”
There were no lengthy goodbyes. Just like when he’d arrived, his figure flickered briefly in the moonlight and vanished. She looked at the empty stone bench and smiled faintly.
After spending so much time together, that figure had unknowingly carved a place in her heart. It was a shame his heart already belonged to another.
After leaving Oakvale, Dustin didn’t head to West Lucozia. He knew refining an immortal essence tablet wouldn’t be easy. Years of chronic illness had drained Rufus’ vital energy, so the tablet had to be of exceptional refinement quality.
Without the fortunate circumstances of Elysium Isle, he would need to rely on his own core energy to craft the tablet, and that would take some time.
Several days later, the training grounds of the West Lucozia castle were alive with activity. Banners whipped in the wind, and the sounds of clashing weapons echoed across the field. Even with Rufus bedridden, the West Lucozian cavalry’s drills never slackened for a single day.
At the center, a tall, solidly built young officer in black training gear barked orders and guided soldiers through formation drills. His voice boomed like thunder, his movements sharp and efficient.
That was Dustin’s younger brother, Austin.
Suddenly, Austin felt something and turned. At the edge of the training grounds stood a white-robed figure that hadn’t been there a moment ago, watching him quietly.
“Dustin?” His surprise quickly gave way to joy. Ignoring the soldiers around him, he sprinted over in a few long strides.
“When did you get back? Why didn’t you tell me?” he asked excitedly. Seeing his brother’s more muscular frame, Dustin smiled faintly and clapped him on the shoulder.
“I’ve just arrived,” he replied. “Looks like the training’s been paying off, you’ve bulked up quite a bit.”
“I spend every day at the barracks. How could I not get stronger?” Austin said with a smile.
But then he thought of something, and his expression sobered. He spoke in a low voice.
“Father’s condition is getting worse by the day. I don’t know how much longer he has. He keeps asking about you. Maybe you should go see him?”
“Don’t worry. I’ve already found a solution, “Dustin said, pulling out a box from inside his pocket and handing it over. “Take this. Have the old man swallow what’s inside. It’ll extend his life by ten years.”
“Extend his life by ten years?” Austin’s head snapped up. His eyes were filled with excitement and disbelief, his voice trembling slightly. “Dustin, are you serious?”
“I already had the King of Dragonmarsh test it. It absolutely works,” Dustin replied, dropping the astonishing claim without ceremony.
“You had His Majesty test a medicine for Father?” Austin said, raising an eyebrow. He knew only his brother would dare say something so outrageous.
“There’s no time to waste. Go now,” Dustin instructed. “And don’t tell him I gave it to you.”
“Aren’t you coming with me?” Austin asked.
Dustin hesitated, then shook his head. “No.
I’ll wait here for your news.” He still couldn’t bring himself to face the truth. Perhaps he didn’t know how to face his dying father, or perhaps he couldn’t bear to see the once-indomitable figure become so fragile.
Austin didn’t force him. He simply gave him a firm salute, turned, and bolted from the training grounds. Gathering his most trusted guards, he raced at breakneck speed towards his father’s secluded residence.
###Chapter 2728
The meditation chamber at Echowave Hall was unlike the strict, oppressive atmosphere of the castle. It was usually quiet and serene. But now, the master bedroom reeked of medicinal herbs and a heavy, somber atmosphere.
Rufus, who once commanded fear across the land, now lay frail and wasted on the bed. Gray strands of hair clung to his forehead. His face was a dull, sickly gray, and his eyes were sunken deep. Each shallow breath made it feel like the spark of his life could vanish at any moment.
Eloise sat at the bedside, carefully wiping his withered hands with a warm towel. Her eyes were puffy and red, with streaks of tears still fresh on her cheeks.
Several gray-haired royal physicians stood nearby, shaking their heads and sighing in helpless resignation. Rufus’ condition had worsened beyond saving, and no medicine could pull him back from the brink.
“Father! Mother!” Austin barged into the room without bothering with the dust on his clothes or any formalities.
“Austin? What are you…” Eloise said, surprised and heartbroken at the sight of her son. He didn’t explain, then rushed to the bedside and snapped open the box. ” Mother, give this tablet to Father now.”
The instant the box opened, the air was filled with a refreshing, soothing scent that brimmed with vitality. The oppressive, suffocating heaviness of the room lifted, and everyone felt a spark of renewed energy
“This… What is this?” Eloise and the elderly physicians stared in shock. None had ever encountered a tablet radiating such a rich life force.
“This is an immortal essence tablet. It can save Father’s life. There’s no time to waste. Give it to him now,” Austin urged.
Seeing the grave determination on her son’s face, Eloise bit her lip and made her decision. She carefully lifted her husband’s nearly weightless head and placed the milky-white tablet between his chapped lips.
It instantly melted in the mouth, transforming into an incredibly warm current without needing to be swallowed.
Like the first thawing stream of early spring, it coursed along his dried-out circulatory pathways, seeping into his weathered internal organs, and revived the essence that had been on the verge of exhaustion.
Everyone held their breath and fixed their gaze on Rufus. At first, there was no significant change. But after a few heartbeats, a miracle began to unfold.
Rufus’s ashen complexion started gaining a healthy flush at a visible rate, as if rain had soaked through parched earth.
His sunken eye sockets slowly regained shape, filling out as if someone were pressing them back into place. His breathing, which had been so weak it nearly stopped, began growing deeper, steadier, and stronger. Even his chest rose and fell with a firm, natural rhythm.
Even more astonishing, the frail skeleton beneath his skin began to regain life. His shrunken muscles slowly filled out, and the blue veins under his skin pulsed with renewed strength.
Deep inside, a surge of energy, only seen in a man at his prime, began to awaken. In less than half an hour, Rufus’s closed eyelids trembled several times under everyone’s disbelieving gazes before snapping open.
They were the eyes of a man who had once commanded respect across the land, sharp and piercing like an eagle’s. Though initially clouded with confusion, clarity and commanding presence quickly returned to them.
He flexed his arm instinctively, feeling the long-lost strength within and the vigorous vitality that seemed to have returned him to his peak.
“I… I’m alive?” Rufus looked down at his own body, disbelief written across his face.
“Your Highness!”
“Father!”
Eloise and Austin couldn’t contain themselves. Tears streamed down their faces as they rushed to his bedside, overwhelmed with relief.
She threw her arms around her husband, sobbing uncontrollably.
The attendants and physicians around them dropped to their knees, excitedly shouting, “Your Highness has recovered. This is truly a miracle.”
“Austin, tell me. Where did this tablet come from?” Rufus asked curiously. He’d been sure he was at death’s door, but one tablet gave him a new lease on life.
“This… I-It was a gift from a reclusive master,” Austin stammered. “The master heard of your lifelong dedication to the people and the country, and sent this immortal essence tablet as a gift for you.”
“A reclusive master?” Rufus scrutinized his son, his eyes narrowing. “Austin, you haven’t changed one bit. You always get nervous when lying to me. Tell me the truth. Who actually gave it to you? This is a life-saving grace, so I must properly repay him.”
“Fine. I won’t hide it from you anymore,” Austin admitted. He couldn’t take the pressure from his Father’s relentless gaze anymore and came clean. “Dustin sent this tablet from thousands of miles away. But he told me not to tell you.”
“Logan?” Rufus froze for a moment, then burst into hearty laughter. “That stubborn brat. So he hasn’t forgotten me after all. That’s more like it.”
Surprise and relief washed over him at the same time. He hadn’t thought Dustin could actually find the elixir of immortality, and yet here he was, finally letting go of past grudges. The only regret was that his son still wouldn’t show his face.
Rufus thought perhaps Dustin was too stubborn to set aside his pride. But there was time. His body thrummed with new life, and chances to make things right would come.
Dustin stood atop the highest watchtower at the castle with his hands clasped behind his back. The night wind stirred his robes. With his cultivation level, despite the distance, everything in that distant chamber was as clear as if he stood right there.
He heard his father’s robust laughter. Seeing the once-again straight and powerful posture, the relieved expression on his face that seemed to take ten years off his age, even as he grumbled about Dustin being a brat.
The knot within him finally loosened. The next moment, his form shifted slightly. He merged into the cool night breeze and vanished silently from the tower’s peak, alerting no one.
###Chapter 2729
After leaving the West Lucozian castle, Dustin returned to Oakvale. The trip to Elysium Isle hadn’t been for nothing. Cyran and Terraen had passed on their lifetime of cultivation, life essence, and their soul flames.
Dustin had also inherited fragments of Cyran’s memories. It turned out that beyond the martial arts, immortal cultivators also existed in this world. But people like them were so withdrawn from the mortal world that most people would never meet one in their lifetime.
Malthor from Elysium Isle was an immortal cultivator. However, he had strayed onto the wrong path and was essentially called a demonic cultivator. When martial artists spoke of reaching the terrestrial immortal realm, immortal cultivators called it peak core formation.
Dustin had already reached that level. He was just one step away from breaking through to form his nascent soul. The process wasn’t exactly difficult, but it wasn’t simple either.
He could already sense that the threshold to nascent soul was becoming clearer in some intangible way. But this step couldn’t be crossed by sheer accumulation of spiritual power alone.
He needed to “return to mortality” in order to break through his mental state. Only when his soul was complete and free of regret could he truly advance to the nascent soul.
After returning to Oakvale, Dustin moved back into the villa he’d stayed in before. The place wasn’t rich in spiritual energy, but was surrounded by the ordinary atmosphere of the mortal world.
But that was exactly what he needed. A quiet place where the noise of the world could wash over him, helping him temper his state of mind.
The villa looked the same as he’d left it, though the garden had grown a bit wild without anyone to care for it. He closed the door behind him and shut out all worldly disturbances.
Instead of sitting down to cultivate, he let everything go. He emptied his mind and slipped into a simple, almost mundane routine-reading, drinking tea, sweeping the courtyard, watching the sun rise and set, as well as listening to the wind and rain.
Dustin stopped using even a trace of divine sense. He even stopped drawing in the ambient spiritual energy and deliberately forgot about his earth-shaking divine abilities.
Seven days slipped by in the blink of an eye. On the morning of the seventh day, sunlight filtered through the window and fell across him as he sat quietly on the meditation mat. The vast spiritual presence that had surrounded him, perfectly harmonious and restrained, quietly receded like a tide.
It wasn’t just suppressed but truly vanished. As Dustin slowly opened his eyes, the profound depths that once saw through illusion and truth were nowhere to be found.
His gaze was clear, ordinary even, carrying a faint confusion that belonged to someone who’d just stepped back into the world.
When he stood and stretched, his joints felt heavy, and his body felt tired. All the sensations he hadn’t felt in years-hunger, thirst, the cool bite of early morning air-returned in sharp detail.
“Return to mortality… So this is what it means?” Dustin murmured, a smile of acceptance crossing his lips.
He could clearly sense that his core had been shrouded in a layer of chaotic, hazy mist. His sea of consciousness was completely silent, and he could no longer extend his divine sense to probe his surroundings at will.
Right now, whether physically or spiritually, he was no different from an ordinary person. His indestructible body, immunity to all poisons, and everything had completely disappeared. 1
Dustin understood perfectly that this was the “mortal seal” stage that preceded breaking through to the nascent soul. He needed to walk the mortal world again and experience the full weight of human emotions-joy and sorrow, life and death.
Only when the right opportunity arrived could he shatter his core to form his nascent soul and return to his peak. During this period, he absolutely couldn’t forcibly break the seal to use his true essence. Otherwise, his foundation would be damaged, and all his efforts would be wasted.
“After all this running around, it’s time to live a normal life for a while,” Dustin said with a smile, pushing open the villa’s main door.
The sunlight was glaring, and he instinctively raised a hand to shield his eyes. The thought of that bright, warm-hearted woman with her radiant smile, a wave of warmth and intense longing surged through his chest.
“Natasha…” he muttered. Dustin’s first instinct was to step onto the wind and fly straight to her. The thought barely formed before he stopped and let out a short, self-mocking laugh. After all, he was just an ordinary man now.
Shaking his head, he walked to the roadside and flagged down a taxi.
“Take me to Dash Corporation,” he said. Inside the CEO’s office at Dash Corporation, Natasha sat behind her large desk reviewing documents. She wore a sharp white suit that outlined her curves.
Bright sunlight streamed through the floor -to-ceiling windows, casting a soft halo around her refined profile. But between her eyebrows lingered a trace of persistent exhaustion and longing.
It had been months, and Dustin had disappeared without a word. She knew he was capable of handling anything and that he was off dealing with something important. But worry and frustration had only grown in her heart with each passing day.
Just then, someone knocked at the door. “Come in,” Natasha said coldly without looking up. Her secretary entered, looking somewhat troubled.
“Ms. Harmon, Mr. Chandler is here again. He’s holding a huge bouquet of roses and insists on seeing you.”
Natasha frowned instantly, with unconcealed disgust flashing in her beautiful eyes.
“Tell him I’m in a meeting and I’m busy. And tell him to stop coming!” she snapped.
“But he…” The secretary was clearly intimidated by Gilbert Chandler’s background. “Do as I say!” Natasha barked, her tone leaving no room for argument.
“Yes, Ms. Harmon.” The secretary didn’t dare say more and quickly retreated. Soon, a commotion erupted outside her office.
“Meeting? What meeting? Natasha, I know you’re in there. My feelings for you are genuine. Why do you keep shutting me out?
The voice gradually faded as security escorted Gilbert away. Natasha rubbed her temples irritably, feeling utterly drained. She realized that these pests just wouldn’t go away, no matter how hard she tried to get rid of them.
She stood and walked to the window, gazing down at the endless stream of traffic below.
“Where are you, dear?” she sighed softly. ”
If you don’t come back soon, these pests are going to drive me crazy.”
Just then, the office door was gently pushed open again.
“I said I’m not seeing anyone! Are you deaf?” Natasha snapped, turning around.
Her pent-up anger was ready to erupt. But when she saw the figure standing in the doorway, all her anger, irritation, and exhaustion froze in an instant. It soon melted away like snow in the sun.
Sunlight streamed in behind him, outlining his tall frame and familiar silhouette. He was dressed in simple casual clothes, his face bearing the marks of his travels, and wearing the tender smile she had been yearning for day and night.
Who else could it be but Dustin?
###Chapter 2730
Natasha stood frozen, staring at Dustin with her lips slightly parted. She looked like she couldn’t believe what she was seeing. Tears blurred her vision almost instantly.
“Is it you, Dear?” she asked, her voice shaking with disbelief. “I’m home, Natasha.” He smiled and opened his arms. Before he could blink, she was already rushing toward him.
Natasha threw herself into Dustin’s embrace without hesitation. Her arms locked around his waist like she was trying to merge their bodies into one.
“You jerk! So you do remember the way home.”
Without his cultivation, the impact nearly knocked him off his feet. Fortunately, his footwork training allowed him to steady himself, though just barely. He couldn’t help thinking about how weak he had become after becoming a mortal.
He wrapped his arms tightly around her, feeling her tremble and sob in his embrace. Guilt and affection washed over him.
“I’m sorry for making you worry about me, “he whispered.
Natasha buried her face in his chest, breathing in his familiar scent as if she couldn’t get enough. Her small fists beat against his chest without mercy, though to Dustin it felt like nothing. Still, she kept hitting him to release months of pent-up frustration and longing.
“Where the hell have you been these past few months? You just disappeared without a word. Do you have any idea how worried I’ve been? I couldn’t even sleep at night. You heartless jerk.”
She pounded on his chest as she cried, her tears soaking through his shirt. Dustin let her get it all out, holding her tighter and gently patting her back.
“Okay. It’s my fault. I had to repay a favor and take care of some things that needed handling. I promise I won’t disappear like that again without telling you,” he said with a smile.
Natasha lifted her tear-streaked face, looking at him with glistening eyes.
“Really? Do you mean it?”
“I swear…”
Dustin was about to raise his hand when a slender finger pressed against his lips.
Natasha’s tears turned to laughter, her eyes sparkling with joy and mischief. “Who asked you to swear? Just remember what you said.”
Before he could respond, she stood on tiptoe and kissed him. Dustin froze for a moment, then smiled and closed his eyes. He kissed her back, matching the longing and love she poured into it.
The mood in the office shifted, becoming warm and intimate. The sunlight filtering through the windows seemed gentler somehow. The two were immersed in a passionate kiss after their long separation, holding each other close and reluctant to part.
Just then, the office door slammed open with a violent kick. Gilbert, the young heir from Oakvale who’d been turned away moments ago, had returned. His face was twisted with rage and jealousy.
The security guards had stopped him earlier, but that had only made him angrier. Using his family’s influence, he’d forced his way inside.
The moment he entered, he saw the aloof angel he’d been pursuing for months locked in an embrace with some stranger. The sight hit him like a punch to the gut.
“Natasha! Who the fuck is this punk?”
Gilbert pointed at Dustin, his voice sharp and twisted with fury. He slammed the expensive bouquet of roses onto the floor, sending petals flying in every direction.
“You think you can steal a woman I’ve set my sights on? Do you have a fucking death wish?” His glare fixed on Dustin like he wanted to tear him apart with his bare hands.
The warm moment from earlier was instantly shattered. Natasha pulled away from the kiss and turned to face Gilbert, “Gilbert Chandler! Get the hell out of here.”
Seeing Natasha standing protectively in front of him, Dustin was touched. He’d always been the one protecting others. Now that he’d become mortal again, he was experiencing what it felt like to be protected by the person he loved.
Dustin gently patted Natasha’s shoulder, signaling her to stay calm. Then he stepped forward and looked at Gilbert.
“I’m her husband,” he said indifferently. ” As for whether I’m tired of living, you’re welcome to find out.”
He couldn’t use his cultivation anymore, but he could still handle a few ordinary people with his combat skills.
Besides, Gilbert looked physically weak and unsteady on his feet. His body was worn down from excessive drinking and indulgence, making him weaker than the average person. Dustin didn’t see him as a threat at all.
###Chapter 2731
Dustin had declared himself Natasha’s husband, and Gilbert noticed that she didn’t contradict him. She gazed at Dustin with a softness he had never witnessed before. Rage surged through him, making his entire body tremble.
“You fucking want to die?” Gilbert roared and swung his fist, all pretense of civility abandoned. “Don’t you dare!” she snapped, her expression turning icy.
“Natasha, what’s so great about this little boy toy? How am I any worse than him? I’ve been nothing but devoted to you,” Gilbert said, his expression turning sour.
“Cut the crap and get out,” she said impatiently.
“You…” Gilbert choked on his words, then redirected his fury toward Dustin. “You got the guts to fight me one-on-one? Or are you just going to hide behind a woman like a coward?”
“One-on-one?” Dustin’s lips curved into a faint smile. He found this amusing
“What’s wrong? Scared?” Gilbert sneered. ”
If you don’t have the balls to fight, then get on your knees and apologize. Admit you’re a coward, and maybe I’ll let you off easy.”
Dustin nodded with a smile. “You’re right. I am scared.”
“Huh?” Gilbert froze, looking even more contemptuous.
Before he could say anything sarcastic, Dustin continued in an unhurried tone, I’m afraid I might accidentally kill you.”
“You son of a bitch!” Gilbert exploded. Rage consumed whatever reason he had left. Without another word, his fist shot straight toward Dustin’s face.
When the punch was inches from his nose, Dustin reacted. He didn’t do any flashy technique and simply raised his right hand in what seemed like a casual motion, but it was lightning fast.
A sharp, resounding slap landed squarely on Gilbert’s face. The sound echoed through the entire office.
Gilbert felt an irresistible force hit him.
Half his face went numb, his ears buzzed, and sparks burst across his vision while he staggered and spun halfway around. A moment later, he dropped to the floor with a heavy thud and went out cold.
The office fell silent.
Security guards and the secretary who’d just rushed in stood gaping at the scene. The slap itself wasn’t what shocked them, but it was the man on the receiving end.
Gilbert was a direct descendant of the ancient Chandler family. Striking someone of his status and background was tantamount to courting death. However, Natasha didn’t see it that way. Instead, she felt nothing but satisfaction.
With Dustin’s background and capabilities, putting Gilbert in his place meant nothing. As long as he didn’t kill Gilbert, there wouldn’t be a problem.
Several seconds passed before Gilbert’s body twitched. He jolted awake from his momentary blackout. The searing pain on his face and the taste of blood in his mouth brought the humiliation flooding back.
He screamed, “I’m gonna kill you!”
The humiliation and agony pushed him over the edge. He scrambled up from the floor, eyes bloodshot, and pulled a knife from behind his back. With a roar, he lunged at Dustin, aiming for his abdomen.
“Watch out!” Natasha shouted.
Dustin’s gaze turned cold. He had only meant to teach Gilbert a lesson, but the man actually dared to strike with a knife and aimed straight for his vital spot. That was clearly a murder attempt.
In that case, Dustin had no reason to hold back. As the knife thrust toward him, he sidestepped. His movement was barely visible as he slipped away from the strike. At the same time, his right hand shot out and clamped onto Gilbert’s wrist in a crushing grip.
The sound of bone snapping echoed through the room.
“My hand!” Gilbert let out a bloodcurdling scream. The knife clattered to the floor as his wrist bent at an unnatural angle. Dustin had snapped it cleanly. Without a word, he kicked Gilbert’s abdomen.
Gilbert flew backward, slammed into the office wall, then slid down to the floor. He curled into a ball, tears and snot streaming down his face as he gasped for air. The pain was too much for him that he couldn’t even scream.
“Get out,” Dustin said flatly. Gilbert stared at Dustin, a mix of terror and hatred in his eyes. His face had gone pale, and sweat poured down his temples while he struggled to speak through clenched teeth.
“Just… Just you wait! Natasha, and you, boy toy. You’d better watch your backs. I swear I’ll make you pay for this. My family … will never let this slide.”
With that, he pushed himself up with his uninjured hand and scrambled out of the office, stumbling as he went. He didn’t even bother to pick up the knife he’d dropped on the floor.
###Chapter 2732
Outside Dash Corporation building, a luxury sedan sat parked at the curb. The driver saw Gilbert stumble out, clutching his broken wrist, his face pale with agony. He quickly got out of the vehicle. “Mr. Chandler, what happened to you?”
“Shut the hell up!” Gilbert shouted. “Don’t ask stupid questions. Just get me to a hospital. It hurts like hell.”
He kicked the driver and climbed into the back seat. The driver didn’t dare say another word. He started the engine and sped toward the nearest hospital.
Gilbert winced and grimaced from the pain. He stared at his broken wrist while rage bubbled inside him. He pulled out his phone and fumbled with his working fingers to dial a number.
The call was quickly answered, and a calm but slightly annoyed male voice came from the other end.
“Gil? What is it? I’m in a meeting.”
“Frederick, someone hit me. My… My wrist is broken,” Gilbert cried, his voice cracked with pain and rage.
“What?” His elder brother, Frederick Chandler, raised his voice. “Someone dared to touch a member of our family on our turf? Who was it?”
“It was that bitch Natasha’s little boy toy. He’s at Dash Corporation right now,” Gilbert’s face contorted with rage as he ranted. “You have to help me get revenge, Frederick. I want him dead. No, I want him to suffer worse than death. And that bitch, too, I’ll make her-”
“That’s enough!” Frederick cut him off sharply. “Go to the hospital to treat your injuries first. I heard you, so leave it to me. Natasha… hmph, looks like her family thinks they can disrespect us. Don’t worry. I’ll handle this for you.”
The assurance eased some of Gilbert’s panic, but the hatred burning in his eyes remained.
The security team had already cleaned up the scene inside the CEO’s office, removing the bloodstains and the scattered roses.
Natasha dismissed the secretary and guards with a wave, then told them to close the door. She walked over to Dustin and asked, “Are you okay?”
Dustin smiled and shook his head. “He’s just a pest. Don’t worry about it.”
“Gilbert belongs to the Chandler family, one of the ancient houses in Oakvale,” Natasha said. “He’s only a wastrel, a distant relative, but the Chandlers have a reputation for defending their own kind.
She added, “His elder brother, Frederick, has made a name for himself in their generation. He’s ruthless, and I doubt he’ll overlook what happened today.”
“The Chandler family?” Dustin raised an eyebrow before shrugging it off with a smile. “We’ll deal with whatever comes our way. But what about you? Has that pest been bothering you this whole time?”
Seeing that he wasn’t the least bit worried about the Chandler family, Natasha relaxed. Of course, Dustin was capable and fearless. Why would an unimportant member of an ancient family worry him?
“You’re right. He’s so annoying. If it weren’t for my grandfather’s connection to their family, I would’ve had him thrown out ages ago,” she said with a pout.
“If he dares to come again, I’ll beat him every time I see him,” Dustin said calmly, but the message was clear.
Natasha was touched by his words and linked her arm through his. “Okay. Let’s not talk about these annoying things. You just got back, so today you’re going to keep me company while I shop.”
She used the direct line and told her secretary to cancel everything on her schedule for the day. Then she pulled him along eagerly for their long-overdue date.
Their first stop was the most exclusive shopping center downtown.
Natasha looked at Dustin’s slightly worn casual outfit. He still looked good in them, but it bothered her to see him dressed like that.
“Come on. Let’s get you some new clothes. You deserve to wear only the best.”
Before he could , she dragged him into an upscale men’s clothing store. The staff sized up Natasha in seconds. Her elegant demeanor and expensive designer wardrobe told them everything they needed to know, and they greeted her with eager attention.
Natasha personally selected items for Dustin-dress shirts, suits, slacks, and overcoats. She had him try nearly every piece from the current season’s collection.
He had never cared much about fashion, but he let her have her way. When he emerged from the fitting room in a well-tailored dark suit, it was like watching someone transform. The suit highlighted his tall frame, broad shoulders tapering to a lean waist, and long legs.
Although his cultivation was restrained, there was something calm and aloof about him, born of weathering life’s hardships and seeing through its complexities. It merged unexpectedly well with the sophisticated polish the suit gave him, creating an unusual appeal.
“Sir, you look handsome in this outfit.” Even the sales assistant, who saw handsome men daily, couldn’t help but stare admiringly.
Natasha gazed at the transformed Dustin with undisguised delight, pride, and satisfaction written across her face. She stepped close to adjust his collar, examining him from different angles before nodding in approval.
“See? I really do have the best eye for these things.”
The sales assistants glanced between the strikingly beautiful Natasha and Dustin, and whatever fleeting thoughts they’d entertained quickly vanished. They felt that only someone as beautiful as Natasha could match a handsome man like him.
###Chapter 2733
After buying clothes for Dustin, Natasha still wanted to shop more. She led him into the boutique next door to pick out a few handbags from the latest collection for herself.
While she was browsing, a young man spotted her and his eyes lit up. He wore a flashy shirt and gold chains as he made his way over.
“Hey, pretty. You’ve got great taste. This bag just arrived. It’s a limited edition and would suit you perfectly.”
Zayden Riche smiled as he spoke, his eyes roaming over Natasha while completely ignoring Dustin beside her.
She didn’t even look up and continued examining the bag in her hands. Zayden didn’t give up, flashing what he thought was a charming smile. “How about we become friends? Pick whatever you like today. I’ll pay for it.”
He shot Dustin a smug glance, as if showing off his wealth.
Natasha frowned in annoyance. “Get lost.”
The smile froze on Zayden’s face. He had status in this part of town, and no woman had ever dismissed him so bluntly.
His face turned grim, and he threatened, ” Don’t be so hostile, pretty. Do you know who I am? You think you can talk to me like that?”
Dustin moved forward and stood between them, shielding Natasha. He looked at Zayden with mild amusement.
“Really? So who are you? Why don’t you tell us?”
Now that Dustin had responded, Zayden became even more arrogant. He lifted his chin and looked down at them.
“Listen carefully. My father is the chairman of Grandview Properties. If you know what’s good for you, get lost.
Otherwise, one word from me and you’ll disappear without a trace.’
At the mention of that company name, Dustin and Natasha exchanged a glance. Both caught the helplessness in each other’s eyes.
These entitled rich brats really were everywhere, buzzing around like flies that wouldn’t leave, no matter how many times they swatted at them.
“What’s with all the noise?”
A cool, pleasant female voice came from the store entrance. Everyone turned to see a woman walking in. She wore a pastel purple dress and had stunning features with an elegant, aloof air.
Her beauty rivaled Natasha’s, though their styles couldn’t be more different. One was warm and passionate, while the other was as cold as ice.
When Zayden spotted her, all his swagger drained away instantly. His expression shifted to an ingratiating smile as he scurried toward her.
“Dahlia, what are you doing here? There’s nothing serious going on here, I just ran into some jerk…”
Natasha, standing behind Dustin, frowned the moment she spotted the woman. She muttered quietly, “What rotten luck. How could we run into each other here?”
Dustin glanced at Dahlia. Something flickered across his face at the unexpected encounter. The world was smaller than he thought.
Whatever surprise he’d felt settled back down into nothing. Truth be told, his ex-wife meant about as much to him now as any stranger would.
Everything they’d been through together, the good times and the mess that followed, had worn away over the years until there wasn’t anything left. Standing here now, Dahlia might as well have been anyone else shopping in the mall.
“Why is he here?”
Dahlia’s gaze swept past Zayden and landed on Dustin, and she froze in place.
In a city of millions, they had somehow ended up in the same luxury store at the same time, even after they had cut off all contact between them.
Even someone as rational and composed as she was couldn’t deny the sense that fate had played a hand in this. She had to admit that maybe it really was destiny. Her face revealed a tangle of emotions-shock, confusion, and something she refused to name
Dustin’s features were familiar yet somehow more mature and distant. Her old memories came rushing back. Their broken marriage, the way she had walked away so harshly, and the damage she had caused made remorse hit her hard.
Dahlia wanted to approach him and apologize for what she’d done, but the words were stuck in her throat no matter how hard she tried.
She was now one of the prominent leaders of the Mosey family, someone countless people admired and looked up to. Her position, her status, and her reputation were like invisible chains that held her impulses in check.
The feeling only intensified when she noticed Natasha standing beside Dustin. A bitter ache she couldn’t quite name spread slowly through her chest.
“Still not over him?” Natasha grumbled, narrowing her eyes.
As a woman deeply in love with Dustin, Natasha was highly alert to any gaze that lingered on him for more than three seconds. This was especially true when that gaze came from his ex-wife, someone she already had bad blood with.
Watching Dahlia stare at Dustin with an unreadable expression set off every alarm in her head. Natasha stepped forward and positioned herself slightly in front of him, making it clear who he belonged to.
###Chapter 2734
“What a coincidence, Ms. Nicholson.”
Natasha’s tone was cool and distant. ” Though staring at my husband like that seems a bit inappropriate, don’t you think?
“Husband?” Dahlia snapped out of her daze and composed herself, her face returning to its usual calm detachment.
She smiled faintly with a hint of skepticism. “Ms. Harmon, if I recall correctly, you’re not married. Where did this husband come from?”
Natasha had expected this question. She immediately wrapped her arm around Dustin’s and pressed her body intimately against him. Tilting her face up toward her, she declared, “He is my husband. We’re getting our marriage license tomorrow.”
The announcement caught Dahlia off guard, creating a ripple of unease beneath her composed exterior.
Her smile stiffened just slightly as her eyes moved back to Dustin, and something unreadable flickered across her face. She took a moment before responding, keeping her voice neutral.
“Well then, congratulations to you both.”
“Thank you, Ms. Nicholson.” Natasha’s face lit up with a victorious smile, tinged with smugness. “We’ll definitely send you a wedding invitation. You have to come.”
Those words punched Dahlia in the gut. She frowned, feeling frustrated but unable to retort. For once, she found herself at a loss for words.
Zayden, who’d been ignored this whole time, cautiously approached Dahlia and asked, “Do you know these two?”
She glanced at him and replied indifferently, “They’re my old acquaintances. Why?”
When he heard that and noticed her irritated look, warning bells started ringing in his mind. He might be spoiled, but he wasn’t a fool.
Dahlia now wielded serious influence in the Mosey family. His own father had to grovel to stay in her good graces. Anyone she referred to as “old acquaintances” in that particular tone must be important people he couldn’t afford to cross.
Zayden thanked his lucky stars he hadn’t escalated things earlier. Plastering on an obsequious smile, he turned to Dustin and Natasha.
“I’ve made a terrible mistake,” he said. “I didn’t recognize my own people. I was blind just now and offended you both. I’m so sorry. I’ll leave right away and won’t interrupt your reunion.”
Natasha waved him off impatiently. “Get lost. Don’t get in the way.”
“Yes. Of course.”
He felt like he’d been granted a pardon, smiling obsequiously as he quickly made his escape. Once he was gone, tension hung in the air between the three of them. Dahlia took a deep breath and looked at Dustin. She seemed to have made up her mind about something.
“Dustin, do you have time? How about we have a meal together? There are some things I’d like to talk about,” she said.
Dustin frowned, ready to turn her down. However, Natasha beat him to it with a bright smile. “Sounds great. We couldn’t possibly refuse a personal invitation from Ms. Nicholson.”
He looked at Natasha, visibly puzzled. This wasn’t like her at all. He’d fully expected her to pull him in the opposite direction the second Dahlia appeared.
Natasha caught his questioning look and gave his arm a deliberate squeeze. She knew exactly what she was doing. Better to deal with Dahlia head-on than wonder what she might try behind the scenes. She would use this opportunity to establish her boundaries once and for all.
She also wanted to get under Dahlia’s skin. She wanted to show Dahlia how successful Dustin had become and how blind and stupid her decision to divorce him had been.
This meal would be the perfect opportunity to make her point. A few minutes later, the three stepped into a barbecue restaurant in the mall.
Two stunning women, each with a completely different style, walked in with Dustin, whose striking looks and presence made him impossible to ignore.
Nearly everyone in the restaurant turned to look at them. They drew attention like magnets as they made their way through the restaurants. After a waitress led them to their table, murmurs rippled through the surrounding diners.
“Holy crap! Check out those two stunning beauties at that table.”
“Damn! One’s got that cool, sophisticated vibe, and the other’s like a total knockout. Who is that guy?”
“Most guys would kill to be with one woman like that, and this dude’s sitting with both of them. How is that fair?”
“I’m dying of jealousy. Did he save the world or something?” “Look at the way he carries himself. Bet he’s some trust fund kid playing normal for a day.”
“I don’t think so. He looks pretty normal to me. I mean, sure, he’s good-looking and has that presence- God, the more I talk, the more bitter I sound.”
“Man, having two women like that? Most guys couldn’t handle it. You can tell there’s something complicated going on between them.”
###Chapter 2735
The diners kept their chatter to a whisper, but Dustin’s sharp hearing still caught every word. He didn’t let it bother him.
Natasha, however, seemed to enjoy the attention. The envious glances from the other women only made her feel more pleased with herself. She kept serving him food or refilling his water with deliberate affection.
Dahlia sat across from them with her usual aloofness, acting as if the whispers didn’t exist. But when she glanced at the pair, her expression faltered for a moment.
Just then, a young server approached, carrying a sizzling-hot platter of barbecue. He must have been distracted by the two stunning ladies and accidentally tripped.
“Oh no!” he yelped, stumbling. The sizzling platter lurched in his grip, tipping toward Dahlia and Natasha at the edge of the table. Both women’s faces turned pale.
Dustin, who’d been sitting quietly until now, reacted instantly. He lunged forward, grabbed the server with one hand, and caught the platter with the other.
With controlled strength, he steadied the server on his feet and firmly secured the hot platter. Only a few drops of oil splashed onto the tablecloth. No one was hurt.
Everything happened in a flash. By the time everyone processed what had occurred, the crisis was averted.
Natasha exhaled in relief and patted her chest, glaring at the shaken server who kept apologizing.
Dahlia couldn’t take her eyes off Dustin. The speed at which he’d moved and the control he’d shown made her heart skip a beat.
A thought she’d been trying to suppress broke free and spread like wildfire through her mind. He’d been sitting near her side of the table. Seeing him react that quickly, she wondered if he still cared about her.
Dahlia lowered her gaze, her lashes trembling. The composure she’d worked so hard to maintain crumbled after his sudden heroic action.
She started telling herself what she wanted to believe, searching his indifferent behavior for any hint that she still mattered to him.
The server apologized repeatedly before the manager pulled him aside. After the brief incident, they resumed their meal.
Meat sizzled on the cast-iron serving platter, filling the air with rich, smoky aromas. But the tension at the table ran hotter than the skillet itself.
Natasha picked up her fork first and selected a slice of the most tender, premium marbled beef from the platter. Instead of eating it herself, she dipped it in sauce and held it up to Dustin’s mouth.
“Dear, try this,” she said. “Their signature beef is so tender.”
Her smile lit up her whole face, and her eyes shone with affection. Her voice was so sugary it could rot teeth. And she made sure Dahlia heard the affectionate nickname she called Dustin.
He recognized the act for what it was and felt a bit awkward about it. But he wasn’t going to embarrass Natasha in public, especially not in front of Dahlia.
He opened his mouth, accepted the beef, chewed it, and nodded.
“Yeah, it’s good.”
“See? I told you,” she replied, beaming like she’d received the highest praise. She quickly spooned more sauce onto his plate and added, “I know you like extra sauce. Have as much as you want.”
Natasha spent the whole meal fussing over Dustin, barely eating anything herself. She kept piling meat and ribs onto his plate, and every few minutes she’d dab at his mouth with a napkin, even when there was nothing there. Every move she made radiated affection and possessiveness.
Dustin let her fuss over him and occasionally served her favourite vegetables. Each time, she’d beam at him with pure adoration. The warmth and understanding between them was almost palpable.
Dahlia observed them from across the table. Her grip on her fork tightened until her knuckles turned white. The premium beef on her plate sat untouched. To her, everything tasted like cardboard.
She used to be the one sitting next to him, receiving that kind of attention. Their marriage had fallen apart, and she knew it was partly her fault. 1
But watching another woman casually take what could have been hers twisted something deep inside her. The jealousy, the sense of loss, the lingering resentment -all of it cut like a blade.
She forced herself to look away, staring at the sauce in her plate as she tried to stay composed. But her heart wouldn’t settle.
The way Dustin indulged Natasha with all that patience and warmth was nothing like the cold silence that had defined the end of their marriage.
Dahlia wondered whether he had really found someone better suited to him after the divorce. That realization only deepened the bitter ache in her chest.
###Chapter 2736
“Ms. Nicholson, don’t just sit there. The beef is delicious. You should try some,” Natasha said. She seemed to have just noticed Dahlia sitting there in silence. Her tone was warm, but her smile carried a hint of triumph.
“Thank you,” Dahlia replied, looking up and forcing a smile. She picked up a slice of beef, but her throat felt tight, and she could barely swallow. She tried to find something to say, both to break the awkward silence and to satisfy her curiosity about what Dustin had been doing lately.
“I heard you were away for a long time recently. Were you handling something important?”
Before he could answer, Natasha cut in. Her tone held both pride and a clear assertion of her knowledge of his whereabouts.
“You’re right. My man is very capable. He was dealing with some very important matters and even saved the King. Isn’t that right, dear?”
She placed another piece of meat on Dustin’s plate while she spoke.
Dahlia’s stomach dropped. She’d always known Dustin was extraordinary, but the fact that he’d saved the King revealed just how far he’d risen. The way she looked at him grew even more complicated.
Dustin didn’t elaborate and simply hummed in acknowledgment. The kind of accomplishments that would define most people’s lives seemed ordinary to him. His understated response only widened the distance between them.
The lunch continued in this strange atmosphere.
Natasha led the conversation, alternating between intimate exchanges with Dustin and “caring” questions about Dahlia’s life that were really just subtle brags.
Dustin didn’t say much, except for occasionally responding to Natasha, while keeping things polite but distant with Dahlia.
The murmurs from surrounding tables continued. “Did you see that? The stunning woman in red keeps serving him food. She’s so attentive.”
“The one in white looks kind of unhappy. She’s barely said a word.”
“That guy’s got some serious self-control. Two gorgeous women are sitting beside him, and he can still eat so calmly.”
“I bet it’s a love triangle. Look at the tension over there.”
“I’d give up ten years off my life for one meal with either of those beauties.”
The chatter added another layer of drama to the scene.
Dahlia felt like she couldn’t sit there much longer. She’d hoped this meal would give her a chance to talk with Dustin properly, maybe even apologize and clear up some misunderstandings.
But Natasha’s presence blocked every attempt like an impenetrable wall. And his indifference made it impossible to find an opening to talk with him.
She watched Natasha lean close to Dustin and whisper something to him. He smiled faintly as he tilted his head to listen. The intimacy between them was almost painful to see
Dahlia grabbed her glass of iced tea and took a long drink. The cold liquid slid down her throat, but did nothing to cool the anger burning inside her. When she couldn’t stand it anymore, she took a breath and put down her fork.
“I’m done eating.”
She dabbed her mouth with a napkin, holding on to whatever composure she had left.
“I need to use the restroom.”
She had to get away for a moment, somewhere she could clear her head, and sort through the mess of emotions.
Watching her hasty retreat, Natasha’s lips curved into a satisfied smirk. She looked like she’d just claimed her territory. She leaned close to Dustin and lowered her voice with barely concealed smugness.
“So? Did I do well? Think I got under her skin?”
He shot her an exasperated look and tapped her nose lightly.
11 “Oh, you…”
There was no reproach in his tone, only indulgence.
Natasha giggled, thoroughly pleased with her victory. In the restroom, Dahlia splashed cold water on her face. The reflection staring back looked pale and shaken, her emotions a tangled mess.
She kept telling herself her relationship with Dustin was over, and all of it was behind her now. He’d moved on and found someone new. They even looked happy together. She had no right to interfere with their life. Still, she couldn’t understand why her heart still hurt so much.
Dahlia couldn’t stop replaying the way he’d reacted without thinking to protect her, and the tender look in his eyes when he gazed at Natasha.
She took several deep breaths, trying to steady herself. After fixing her makeup, she put her cold, aloof mask back in place and walked out.
When she returned to the table, Natasha and Dustin had their heads bent together over her phone, smiling at something on the screen.
The sight stung Dahlia.
###Chapter 2737
“Ms. Nicholson, you’re back,” Natasha said, looking up with a bright smile. “We were just finishing up. The food here was great. Thank you for the recommendation.”
The way she phrased it positioned herself and Dustin as a pair, with Dahlia as the outsider. Dahlia managed a strained smile. “I’m glad you enjoyed it.”
She glanced at Dustin. Whatever faint hope she’d had of talking to him alone withered under Natasha’s sharp look and his blank expression.
“I have a meeting this evening, so I should get going,” Dahlia said, grabbing her handbag and rising to her feet. “The bill’s taken care of.”
“Oh, we couldn’t possibly let you pay for everything,” Natasha said apologetically, but her expression showed no such concern.
“It’s just a meal. Don’t worry about it,” Dahlia responded, her eyes on Dustin. Something unreadable flickered in her face before she simply said, “Take care, Dustin. He nodded, his expression uncharged. ” You too.”
They exchanged no further pleasantries. The apology or reconciliation she might have hoped for never came.
Dahlia took one last look at them, as if committing the scene to memory. Then she turned and walked away, her heels clicking against the floor as she left the place that had brought her nothing but pain.
As Natasha watched her departing figure, she finally relaxed and exhaled deeply. She felt like she’d just won a battle.
“Thank god she’s gone,” she said, leaning against Dustin’s shoulder with a slightly playful tone. “Having a meal with your ex-wife was so stressful.”
He wrapped an arm around her shoulder and gave it a gentle pat without saying anything. His gaze drifted toward where Dahlia had disappeared, but his mind was calm.
The past was behind him. What mattered now was the woman beside him.
After leaving the barbecue restaurant, Dahlia got into her luxury car and closed her eyes. She’d missed her chance with Dustin. That door had closed, and it wasn’t opening again.
Seeing him today wasn’t a coincidence. It was facing the truth of what she’d lost. The regret sat like a stone in her chest. It would take a long time before that weight was lifted.
Night fell over the city, its neon glow spreading like liquid light across the streets.
Dustin and Natasha ended their date and headed home. She drove her red sports car with mellow music drifting through the cabin.
She was still savoring her victory over Dahlia, while Dustin rested against his seat with closed eyes. He was still adjusting to the tiredness that came with being mortal again.
But the peaceful drive didn’t last long When they turned onto a quiet stretch of riverside road leading to the gated estates, everything went sideways.
The screech of tires cut through the night, followed by the crunch of metal. About eight black vans suddenly appeared out of nowhere, surrounding them from all sides and forcing them to stop. One swerved directly into their path, its bumper scraping against the hood.
Natasha jerked forward before the seatbelt caught her. She looked out the window, her eyes flashing with shock and fury.
Something slammed into the hood hard enough to make the windows rattle.
Gilbert stood there with his face still wrapped in bandages, one arm in a cast. He was gripping a metal baseball bat in his good hand. He’d just brought it down on the hood, leaving a noticeable dent
His face contorted with savage pleasure as he screamed through the windshield, “Get the hell out of here, you bastards!”
The doors of the other vans swung open, and dozens of men jumped out carrying steel pipes, machetes, and clubs. They surrounded the sports car within seconds, murderous intent written all over their faces.
Behind them a Rolls-Royce door opened. A young man in a tailored suit stepped out, radiating cold menace. He leaned against the hood and casually lit a cigar. It was Gilbert’s elder brother, Frederick Chandler.
He watched the surrounded sports car with a smirk, like he was about to enjoy a good show. Anyone who dared to cross the Chandler family and injure one of their own had it coming.
Inside the car, Natasha’s face paled. She instinctively looked at Dustin.
Frowning, he quickly assessed the situation outside and saw dozens of armed thugs. With his current mortal body, he might handle ten with skill and experience alone. But against these numbers, fighting head-on would be suicide.
“Call the police,” Dustin said decisively, his voice steady. “Then call your grandfather and tell him to send people over.”
Natasha didn’t waste a second. She grabbed her phone and dialed emergency services, quickly explaining their location and the armed mob surrounding them. As soon as she finished, she fired off an encrypted text to her grandfather.
Outside, Gilbert saw them sitting still in the car, and it only made him angrier. He kept hammering the hood with the bat, spittle flying as he screamed.
“Dustin! What happened to all that tough guy shit? Weren’t you gonna kick my ass? Come out here and show me now. I’m gonna beat you so bad you’ll be shitting yourself.”
###Chapter 2738
“Ram them,” Dustin said decisively. Natasha understood immediately. There was a sharp glint in her eyes as she floored the gas and drove straight at Gilbert and his men.
Gilbert was startled and quickly jumped out of the way. Two of his men weren’t fast. enough and got knocked to the ground.
She shifted the gear into reverse and floored the gas again, scattering the group before backing straight into the cars blocking the intersection. The impact knocked the blocking vehicle to the side, opening a path.
Their plan worked. Without hesitation, Natasha spun the wheel and executed a perfect drift. The car sped through the opening and off into the distance.
“Dammit! Go after them. Don’t let them get away,” Gilbert roared, scrambling to his feet. He was covered in grime and shaking with fury.
Frederick crushed his cigar under his heel and got into his car, his expression grim.
Engines roared as eight vans took off after the fleeing red sports car. A high-speed chase through the streets unfolded under the cover of night.
Natasha was an excellent driver. She wove through traffic, drifting around corners. and making sharp turns to shake off their pursuers.
Dustin kept his eyes on the vans behind them, shouting warnings about the pursuers’ positions and obstacles ahead.
But there were too many vehicles chasing them, and the drivers knew what they were doing. They stayed right on their tail.
After a frantic chase, Natasha’s car was finally forced onto a massive overpass spanning the river. The bridge was wide, but Gilbert’s convoy had it completely blocked off at both ends. With nowhere left to go, Natasha slammed her hand against the steering wheel.
Dustin watched the thugs pour out of their vehicles and close in. He took a deep breath, unbuckled his seatbelt, and removed the expensive suit jacket she had bought him earlier. He tossed it onto the seat, leaving only his white dress shirt.
“Stay in the car and lock the doors.” His voice was calm, but his eyes were resolute. “I’ll go down and hold them off until reinforcements arrive.”
“Be careful.”
Natasha was worried, but she trusted Dustin enough not to stop him. She knew he was more than capable of handling these thugs if it came to a fight.
Dustin stepped out of the car and closed the door behind him. The night breeze ruffled his white shirt, outlining his tall frame.
He stood alone, facing dozens of armed thugs with vicious expressions. There wasn’t a trace of fear in his eyes. Instead, he looked cold and completely calm.
Gilbert was stunned when Dustin actually got out of the car alone. Then he let out a mocking laugh.
“Look at this idiot. He must have a death wish. Take him down!” he barked. Frederick leaned against his car, watching with cold indifference.
“Kill him!”
Dozens of thugs roared and rushed toward Dustin. Dustin narrowed his eyes. Rather than facing them head-on in the open, he nimbly flipped backward and landed onto the slightly elevated pedestrian walkway along the bridge’s edge. He knew the narrow space would force them to come at him in smaller numbers.
The fight erupted instantly.
Though he could no longer use his cultivation, his combat instincts, techniques, and timing were still second nature to him. He struck like lightning with his fists, elbows, knees, and legs. Every move was ruthless and precise.
Dustin’s fist smashed into one thug’s nose. The man screamed as blood sprayed from his face, and he hit the ground.
Next, a side kick landed squarely on another thug’s knee. The sickening sound of breaking bone was followed by howls of pain as the thug crumpled to the ground, clutching his leg.
Then a hand strike to the side of a club-wielding thug’s neck. He didn’t even make a sound before he went limp and fell.
Dustin moved between them like water flowing through gaps, dodging and weaving through the narrow walkway Every time he attacked, another man went down.
But even the best fighter couldn’t hold off a mob forever. He was mortal now, with limited stamina and no enhanced senses. Against the clubs and blades coming from every direction, taking hits was inevitable.
Just then, a steel pipe slammed into his back, making him stumble forward as pain shot through his chest. A machete grazed his arm, tearing through his shirt and leaving a bloody gash.
Pain shot through him, but his eyes remained ice-cold, and his movements didn’t falter. If anything, the injuries made him fight even more viciously. In less than ten minutes, over a dozen thugs lay groaning on the walkway
Dustin’s white shirt was soaked with sweat, streaked with dirt, and splattered with blood. His breathing had turned ragged, sweat beading on his forehead. Even his movements were noticeably slower than when he’d started.
Inside the car, Natasha watched with her heart in her throat, her palms slick with sweat. Every blow he took felt like a knife twisting in her chest.
Then one of the thugs saw an opening while Dustin blocked an attack from the side. He raised his club and swung it hard at the back of Dustin’s head.
“No!” Natasha screamed, her eyes widening. She couldn’t hold back anymore and pulled out a compact pistol. She aimed at the thug trying to ambush Dustin and pulled the trigger without hesitation. Two sharp gunshots cut through the chaos of the night.
###Chapter 2739
The bullet missed the thug but struck the ground near his feet, sending up sparks. He scrambled backward in terror, rolling and crawling to get away.
The other thugs froze at the sudden gunfire, staring in uncertainty at Natasha with the pistol in her hand. None of them dared move closer.
“Dear, are you okay?” she asked, rushing forward and keeping the gun trained on the thugs. Dustin leaned against the overpass railing, breathing hard. He wiped blood from the corner of his mouth and waved her off.
“I’m fine. It’s just a scratch.”
Natasha looked at his battered state and noticed his movements were not as sharp as before. Something wasn’t adding up, so she asked, “You used to handle guys like them easily. Why are you struggling now?”
Dustin smiled wryly. He didn’t see a point in hiding from her anymore and said, “I can no longer use my cultivation. I’m no different from an ordinary person now.”
“What?” Her eyes widened in disbelief. ” How did that happen?”
“It’s a long story. I’ll explain later,” he replied, shaking his head.
Questions and worry flooded her mind, but she knew now wasn’t the time to press him. She gritted her teeth and said resolutely, “Fine. Then I’ll guide you out of here ”
Just then, the crowd parted, and Gilbert walked over with Frederick, who had been watching from the sidelines with cold indifference.
Gilbert looked at Natasha holding the pistol without a trace of fear. If anything, he seemed amused.
“Put the pistol down and come with me. Maybe I’ll consider letting your little boy toy live. But if you resist, he’s a dead man.”
Her face darkened, and she spat coldly, You’d better not do anything stupid. I’m warning you. He is someone you can’t afford to mess with.”
“He’s someone I can’t afford to mess with?
“Gilbert laughed like she’d told the world’s funniest joke.
He went on, “What bullshit. In this country, is there anyone our family can’t mess with? Stop trying to scare me. Sure, I can’t do anything to you, but this guy? He’s done for today.”
He paused, his gaze roaming over Natasha’s body with crude intent as he licked his lips.
“Of course, I could spare him. Spend one night with me, and I’ll pretend this never happened. What do you say?”
“In your dreams,” Natasha snapped, shaking with rage. Gilbert’s expression turned cold as he said, “Then there’s nothing more to discuss.”
He waved his hand sharply and barked at the hesitant thugs around him.
“Get him! Whoever takes that punk down gets one million dollars.”
With the promise of the hefty reward, the thugs gripped their weapons tighter and started closing in.
Natasha gripped the pistol tightly and fired a warning shot into the air. “I dare anyone to come closer!” she barked. The gunshot made everyone freeze again, Gilbert scoffed at her threats.
“She’s got one pistol, and how many bullets could she possibly have? There are dozens of us. You think we should fear her? Chargee! Whoever brings me that kid gets double the reward!”
The thugs exchanged glances. Greed won out over fear, and they charged forward again with renewed shouts. Natasha’s face turned white. Her hand holding the pistol trembled slightly as she tried to decide who to shoot first.
Dustin squeezed her hand and glanced down at the dark, churning river below the overpass. His eyes hardened with resolve. If they were truly cornered with no way out, their only chance would be to risk jumping into the river.
At that critical moment, a sharp chorus of sirens suddenly wailed to life. The sound came from all directions, quickly enveloping the entire overpass area.
Then came the rhythmic thump of helicopter blades overhead. A police helicopter appeared above the overpass with its searchlight blazing down, illuminating everything below as bright as day.
At both ends of the overpass, dozens of police cars with flashing red and blue lights. They instantly surrounded Gilbert’s convoy and all his thugs.
Doors swung open, and countless fully armed officers poured out with riot shields and weapons, their guns all pointed at the thugs in the center.
“Drop your weapons. Hands on your heads. Get down.”
The authoritative command boomed through loudspeakers, echoing through the night sky.
This sudden turn of events left all the thugs dumbstruck.
Faced with that wall of gun barrels and overwhelming force, their earlier ferocity evaporated. Their faces went white as they dropped their clubs and knives with clattering sounds, placing their hands on their heads and crouching on the ground.
Natasha exhaled in relief. The tension she’d been holding finally released, and her body went slightly weak as she leaned against the car.
“Thank god they made it in time.”
Dustin quietly exhaled in relief as well.
Since he couldn’t use his cultivation and become mortal, he’d nearly fallen to these small-time thugs. He’d need to be more careful going forward, or he’d end up getting taken out by people who shouldn’t have stood a chance against him.
Gilbert and Frederick frowned at the sight, their faces darkening. But they didn’t look scared like common thugs would when caught. They just looked irritated that their plans got interrupted.
Frederick straightened his suit and snorted. With the Chandler family’s influence, even if they got arrested now, it would just be going through the motions. They’d be released safe and sound the same day. Still, it was a blow to their reputation.
He watched the police lock down the scene, then his eyes shifted to Dustin and Natasha standing together. His expression darkened with cold intent as he silently vowed that this was far from over.
###Chapter 2740
Both Gilbert and Frederick were forcibly hauled to their feet. As they were led down the corridor, Gilbert spotted Dustin standing nearby, watching calmly. His eyes burned with hatred, and he screamed at the top of his lungs.
“You’d better not celebrate too soon! I’ll be out tomorrow! And when I am, I’ll make you wish you were dead! Just wait!”
His shouts echoed through the empty corridor, filled with madness and rage.
Dustin’s eyes turned cold. He met Gilbert’s venomous glare and spoke slowly, his voice low but carrying clearly to everyone around them.
“In that case, you won’t be getting out.”
###Chapter 2741
As soon as Dustin and Natasha stepped out of the police station, the cool night air hit them. He took his phone and made a call. “I ran into some trouble,” he said. “I need a favor.
Gilbert and Frederick were being held inside the police station’s holding area. Although their detention was temporary, they weren’t placed in a standard cell.
Instead, they were assigned to a private holding room with comparatively comfortable conditions. This was an obvious courtesy afforded by the Chandler family’s influence. But the preferential treatment did nothing to cool Gilbert’s rage.
“Damn it! Those blind fools actually dared to lock me up?”
He paced the room restlessly, cursing nonstop. “Once I get out, I’m killing that boy toy Rhys. Then, I’ll deal with the officer who pinned me down earlier.”
The more he thought about it, the angrier he became. He had never suffered this kind of humiliation in his life.
Frederick sat against the wall on the bed with his eyes closed. His face was dark with anger. He didn’t shout or curse like his brother, but his clenched fists and heaving chest showed his fury matched Gilbert’s.
Frederick was the kind of man who didn’t bark to bite. He didn’t shout or threaten when taking revenge. Instead, he struck in the most direct and ruthless way, making his targets pay a price they couldn’t bear.
Dustin hadn’t only injured Gilbert but also humiliated him in front of everyone. Frederick would see that the insult was repaid in full.
One hour later, footsteps and voices echoed from outside. Then, the holding room door opened.
Several well-dressed, imposing middle-aged men walked in. The man leading them was around 50 years old, with features similar to Frederick’s but more stern and commanding
It was Warren Chandler, one of the Chandler family’s key figures and Gilbert and Frederick’s uncle.
“Uncle Warren! You’re finally here,”
Gilbert said, rushing over like he’d found his savior. “Some bastard bullied me. Look at my hand, and see what he did. You must avenge me.”
Warren glanced at his plastered wrist and the bruises on his face. He frowned, and anger flashed in his eyes, but it was mixed with disappointment at his nephew’s incompetence.
“Useless fool!” he snapped. “All you do is embarrass the family!”
Aside from scolding, having his nephew beaten and locked up was an insult the Chandlers couldn’t tolerate.
Warren turned to the police chief who’d entered with him. His expression instantly hardened, radiating authority and intimidation.
“Chief Wolfe, what are you waiting for? Release them now.”
Cedric’s face tightened. He knew Warren had massive influence and was the key figure in the Chandler family. Not only him, but even his own superiors had to show Warren respect.
Based on his past experience, whenever something like this happened involving a Chandler family heir, a single phone call would be enough. The police would’ve released them immediately, smiling and apologizing as if nothing had happened, but not today.
As he recalled the unusual calls and orders he’d received earlier, cold sweat ran down his back. He forced an extremely strained smile.
“Mr. Chandler, the situation is… your nephews are involved in serious charges. Gang activity, armed assault, and public endangerment. The evidence is solid, and they threatened officers here at the station.
Procedure requires we hold them for further investigation.”
“Procedure?”
Warren laughed coldly, as if he’d heard a joke. He stepped forward, staring down Cedric with icy menace.
“Chief Wolfe, have you gotten too comfortable in your position? Are you lecturing me about procedure? One word from me and you’ll be packing your desk tomorrow. Release them now. Don’t make me repeat myself for a third time.”
The pressure made sweat beads on Cedric’s forehead. His lips trembled as he wrestled with himself internally.
On one side was the deeply entrenched, overwhelmingly powerful Chandler family.
On the other were direct orders from an even higher authority. He felt the pressure crushing him and was about to cave in and release the Chandler brothers. But then, a deep, powerful rumble of multiple car engines suddenly filled the air outside the station.
The sound was unlike any ordinary vehicle, but it carried an imposing presence that set everyone on edge. Then came the rapid, synchronized sound of footsteps approaching the holding area.
Warren frowned and, along with Cedric, turned toward the door. They saw a group of people appear at the entrance to the holding room, moving with speed and precision.
Leading them were two young men in black tailored suits, their piercing gazes and icy expressions commanding attention. They carried a rare blend of military precision and lethal skill, and simply standing there, they made the atmosphere feel tense.
Behind them stood a figure that made both Warren and Cedric’s pupils shrink instantly
It was a young woman in simple yet commanding attire. She was breathtakingly beautiful, yet her bearing radiated an inviolable nobility and authority.
She stood there, her gaze sweeping across everyone in the room, and immediately became the absolute center of attention. It was Grace Linsor, Dragonmarsh’s most favored princess.
Warren’s heart sank as soon as he saw her. A cold wave of dread rolled over him, and his stomach twisted at the thought of what her presence here might mean.
###Chapter 2742
Grace’s sudden appearance changed the mood of the holding room, replacing it with a tense, unsettling silence. When Warren saw her, the arrogance he had drawn from his family’s influence vanished without a trace. In its place came a chill that spread quickly through him, followed by a deep, growing unease.
He knew all too well how much the princess mattered to the King and how vast her influence had become, both inside and outside the government. Someone of her standing would never appear at a small detention facility, so this wasn’t some spur -of-the-moment visit.
However, someone failed to read the room. Gilbert, still seething with nowhere to direct his rage, froze for a moment when a breathtakingly beautiful young woman walked in. The two men in black and Grace’s own presence clearly intimidated him, but his playboy instincts quickly overrode that flicker of caution.
Seeing that she seemed to be coming for them, his bruised ego flared back to life. Curling his lips into a smirk, he let his eyes roam over her. He believed his gaze was charming, but in reality, it came across as nothing more than lecherous.
He muttered crudely, “Oh? Another one? Pretty hot, I’ll give you that. What, you come here to get a look at the great me in all my misery too? Or maybe you and that boy toy Rhys have something going on-”
“Disgraceful brat! Shut your damn mouth.”
Before he could finish, Warren, his face white with terror, didn’t think twice before slapping Gilbert even harder than before across his already bruised face.
The slap landed crisp and loud.
Gilbert staggered and nearly fell again, blood trickling from the corner of his mouth. He stood there in a daze, clutching his stinging cheek and staring at his uncle in disbelief. Shock and anger churned inside him, mixed with a deep, helpless sense of being wronged.
“Uncle Warren! Why… Why did you hit me again? She’s just some hot chick. Are you seriously losing your shit over this?” he shouted.
He couldn’t understand why his usually doting uncle would hit him so hard over a stranger.
Warren trembled with fury, his eyes blazing with anger. Terrified Gilbert would say something even more outrageous, he kicked him in the stomach, sending him crashing to the floor.
He shouted, “I said shut up! You hear me? Say one more word, and I’ll break your legs.
Warren put disciplining his nephew on hold and quickly turned toward Grace. His face tightened into a nervous, forced smile. He quickly stepped forward, lowering his shoulders and nodding respectfully, his voice trembling as he spoke.
“Your Royal Highness, what brings you here? My nephew doesn’t know when to keep his mouth shut. If he offended you, please forgive him. I’ll discipline him properly when we get home.”
The royal title rang out through the holding room, freezing everyone in its wake.
Gilbert, still struggling on the floor, resentment heavy in his chest, went rigid. He snapped his head up and stared at the stunning young woman. His eyes were wide, and his pupils dilated with shock, terror, and confusion.
He couldn’t believe she was Dragonmarsh’s princess, Grace Linsor. Even a spoiled brat like him, with no sense of limits, understood the weight of that title. This was true nobility, someone standing at the very pinnacle of power in Dragonmarsh.
The memory of having just flirted with a princess sent a bone-chilling cold straight through him. His blood ran cold, his face drained of color, and his body shook uncontrollably. He forgot even the pain he had felt moments before.
Frederick, usually more composed and ruthless than his brother, went pale. His heart raced, and a cold sweat soaked his back.
He stared at Grace in disbelief, mind racing. Was she here because of Dustin and Natasha? Could they have some connection to her? The thought sent a chill straight through him.
Grace didn’t respond to Warren’s apology. She didn’t even glance at Gilbert, slumped on the floor. Her gaze was sharp and cold, like ice, slowly sweeping over Warren’s panic-stricken face before settling on his trembling fingers.
“Warren,” she began. Her voice wasn’t loud, but carried a natural authority and icy pressure. “Your family really has no regard for the law. Your arrogance knows no bounds.”
She paused, glancing at Cedric, who stood frozen beside her.
Grace went on, “Your nephew has committed a crime, and the evidence is clear. As his elder, you show no remorse or intention to punish him. Instead, you personally come to the police station to openly threaten the officers and demand his release.”
Her voice turned icy, sending a chill through everyone present. “What? Do you really think your family can act with impunity in Oakvale and ignore the law?”
###Chapter 2743
“I… I swear, Your Royal Highness. It’s not true. There’s absolutely no such thing,” Warren stammered. His face drained of color, sweat rolling down his forehead. He waved his hands frantically and hunched over, trying to make himself smaller.
His voice cracked with desperation, saying, “You’ve misunderstood. Just a… It was just a small misunderstanding. I was worried my two foolish nephews were being mistreated at the police station.
“I got flustered and spoke too harshly, but I never meant to threaten Chief Wolfe. Right? It was a misunderstanding, wasn’t it?”
He pleaded with his eyes at Cedric, silently begging him to speak on his behalf. Cedric didn’t dare to say anything. He kept his head down, staring at his toes, as if he’d heard nothing.
Grace’s lips curved into a faint, cold smile. “A misunderstanding? Speaking too harshly? Warren, did you really think you could fool me?”
“No, Your Royal Highness. I-”
“Then tell me,” she cut him off, her tone sharp and unforgiving. “Your precious nephew, Gilbert, gathered dozens of street thugs armed with knives and clubs to corner, chase, and attempt to harm someone in broad daylight in a busy street.
What do you call that? A minor conflict?
“And your other dear nephew,” she added, her gaze shifting to the pale-faced Frederick. “As the elder brother, you encouraged Gilbert instead of stopping him. And afterward, you had the audacity to threaten the officers at the station. What do you call that? A small misunderstanding?”
Warren was left speechless. Cold sweat had soaked through his undershirt as he forced himself to defend them.
“Your Royal Highness, there must be some misunderstanding here. Perhaps they’re young and hot-headed, got into an argument with someone, and acted impulsively…”
“Acted impulsively?” Grace shot back, sneering.
She’d had enough of his excuses, then gave a slight nod to one of the men in black beside her.
The man stepped forward immediately and handed her a thick folder. Without even looking at it, she hurled it toward Warren.
The folder burst open on impact, sending a flurry of documents and photos scattering over his head and across the floor.
Warren stood stunned, then looked down. With just one glance, his pupils contracted sharply. The color drained completely from his face, and even his lips began to tremble.
What lay scattered on the ground weren’t just photos from that evening’s incident, but also printed documents.
They documented Gilbert’s past involvement in multiple brawls, assaults, and even connections to gray market operations. Times, locations, witnesses, and partial transaction records were all included.
The files on Frederick were even more damning, including evidence of him using family influence to crush business rivals, and involvement in several instances of serious commercial fraud and suspected personal threats.
Each piece of evidence was clear and well-documented, leaving no room for doubt.
This wasn’t some hastily compiled dossier since everything had been meticulously prepared in advance. It seemed someone had been watching Gilbert and Frederick for a long time, and perhaps the entire Chandler family.
“Now…” Grace’s icy voice cut through the room like a verdict. “Do you have anything left to say? Or are you going to tell me these are all misunderstandings too? And that someone framed your family again?”
Warren felt a chill shoot up his spine, his hands and feet turning icy. He knew she had come prepared this time. With such irrefutable evidence, she clearly meant business.
“Your Royal Highness, please show mercy, ” he said.
Overwhelming fear shattered Warren’s last line of resistance. He no longer cared about his pride. His legs buckled, and he dropped to his knees before Grace.
His voice shook as he pleaded, “It’s my fault for failing to discipline them properly. Your Royal Highness, please have mercy.
“In light of our family’s past service to the country, I beg you to be lenient and spare them this once. We’ll be eternally grateful and will strictly discipline our children from now on. We swear this will never happen again.”
He begged incoherently, attempting to buy mercy with his family’s past service.
“Your family’s past service to the country is not a free pass for wrongdoing,” Grace said, looking down at him with an unwavering gaze. “Warren, your family’s past service may have spared them for now. But do you really think this would stop with just these two if not for that?”
Her words hit him hard. He jerked his head up, eyes wide with shock. The princess meant that if he didn’t know his place, the entire Chandler family could be implicated.
###Chapter 2744
Grace no longer looked at Warren. She fixed her gaze on Gilbert, who was scared out of his wits, and Frederick, whose face had gone completely pale. Her voice was sharp and unwavering, radiating undeniable authority.
“You’ve broken the law, led a gang to commit violence, carried weapons, harmed others, and threatened public officials. Your criminal history is well established, and the evidence is undeniable. You will face the harshest punishment the law allows.”
Her eyes swept to Warren, still on his knees, and warned him one last time. “If anyone is to blame, blame your dear nephews. They did what they shouldn’t have and offended the wrong people.”
She spoke deliberately, each word cutting through the room as she sealed the brothers’ fate.
“Effective immediately, all privileges and status held by Gilbert and Frederick are revoked. They will be transferred to the judicial authorities and severely punished in accordance with the law. From now on, they’ll spend the rest of their lives in prison to reflect on their crimes.”
The thought of his nephews spending a lifetime behind bars struck Warren like lightning. His face turned ashen as he collapsed to the ground, unable to utter even a plea. He knew that once Grace delivered her judgement, there was no room for negotiation.
Gilbert and Frederick’s fates were sealed. Their family’s hard-won favor with Grace and Valon was now irreparably tarnished. After hearing the verdict, Gilbert finally snapped out of his paralyzing fear. He let out a blood-curdling scream as he scrambled toward Warren.
“No! Uncle Warren, save me. Please save me. I don’t want to go to prison. I don’t want to.”
Frederick’s face went deathly pale. His lips trembled as he tried to speak, but no sound came out. Only an endless wave of fear and despair consumed him.
“Take them away,” Grace ordered, waving her hand dismissively without another glance. Behind her, two men in black, who looked like special operatives, stepped forward.
They efficiently restrained the thrashing, screaming Gilbert and the rigid Frederick, then secured them in specially designed handcuffs.
“Uncle Warren! Uncle Warren, say something to save me. I’m one of the Chandlers.”
“Let go of me. Do you know who I am?”
“Your Royal Highness, I was wrong. Please spare me. I’ll never do it again.”
The Chandler brothers’ cries, struggles, and desperate pleas echoed through the holding cell, sharp and full of hopelessness.
Warren remained on his knees, watching helplessly as his two nephews were being dragged away. Their cries faded into the distance, and his heart ached, but there was nothing he could do.
He didn’t dare utter a word or lift his eyes to look at Grace. From this moment on, he knew Gilbert and Frederick’s lives had plunged into utter darkness, without hope or escape. And all of it had happened because they had crossed a seemingly ordinary person.
Gilbert and Frederick were taken into a black, special vehicle that had arrived outside at some point. It vanished into the darkness of the night, and their cries were cut off completely.
The entire detention area at the police station fell into deathly silence. Only the devastated Warren remained, along with Cedric and the others, who stood frozen in fear. After everything was settled, Grace took out her phone and dialed a number. She spoke only a few words.
“It’s all taken care of.”
“Thank you,” Dustin said on the other end.
“There’s no need for such formalities between us,” she replied with a faint smile.
“If you run into any trouble in the future, just contact me.”
“Okay. We’ll talk more another time.”
“Alright.”
After hanging up, Grace still felt unsettled. She was surprised when Dustin had contacted her earlier. In her mind, he was someone who could handle anything, and there was almost nothing he couldn’t resolve. That confusion deepened once she learned what he wanted her to do.
To him, Gilbert and Frederick were insignificant. He could eliminate them with just a snap of his fingers
Despite her surprise, she didn’t press him for an explanation. She acted at once, mobilizing her intelligence network and using her authority to arrest the Chandler brothers.
At Dustin’s request, they were sentenced to life imprisonment.
After leaving the police station, Dustin and Natasha didn’t head straight home. They stopped by the hospital for a quick bandaging, then found a small diner to grab a late-night snack. The place was busy, filled with the mouthwatering smells of sizzling burgers, fries, and grilled chicken wings.
She ordered a pile of sliders, a plate of cheesy fries, and two ice-cold milkshakes. Resting her chin in her palm, she watched Dustin’s profile. He looked slightly weary but still calm, and she felt a mix of concern and curiosity.
“What do you mean you can’t use your cultivation anymore? Is it serious?” she asked in a low voice. Dustin grabbed a hot, juicy slider and took a bite, his eyes narrowing slightly at the first taste.
“It’s not necessarily a bad thing. However, it’s a necessary stage before breaking through to the next realm. I need to gain certain experience before I can advance. But during this period, I can’t use my cultivation,” he explained.
Natasha didn’t fully understand, but hearing him say it was fine put her mind at ease.
“Then eat more and take care of yourself,” she said, handing him a plate of hot, crispy chicken wings. He smiled and offered her a bite from his slider in return.
They sat there amidst the diner’s bustle, enjoying the simple comfort of being alive. Their conversation was quiet and casual, yet it carried an unusual sense of peace.
Just then, Natasha’s phone suddenly rang.
She answered it, and her expression immediately changed.
###Chapter 2745
Natasha received a call from her secretary, Liora Hayes. “Ms. Harmon!” Her voice was choked with tears. “We have a crisis. Half an hour ago, we received several calls from Vanguard Group, Sterling Group, and Paramount Properties. They’ve all issued unilateral notices terminating their contracts. Even every agreed-upon project is suspended.”
“What?” Natasha’s face paled instantly. ” They’re terminating their contracts? How is that possible? The contract’s already been signed. Are they planning to breach them outright?”
“They only mentioned strategic adjustments and refused to elaborate. As for the penalty clauses, they stated they’re willing to pay in full,” Liora explained, her tone urgent.
She added, “But it gets worse. Several of our long-term suppliers and distribution partners have just sent formal notices. They’re claiming circumstances beyond their control and cutting off all supply and support.”
“How can this be happening?” Natasha asked.
Dread settled in her chest as the reality of the situation began to sink in. These clients and suppliers were the backbone of Dash Corporation. For all of them to turn at once was no coincidence.
She steadied herself and spoke in a low voice. “Everything was fine just a moment ago. How did this happen out of nowhere? Did you manage to find out anything?”
Liora hesitated, then lowered her voice. “I called in a favor and spoke with Mr. Vanguard’s assistant. He wouldn’t say much, only hinting that we might have offended the wrong person. Could be someone important, but he didn’t know who.”
Natasha’s mind raced through a dozen possibilities. The Chandler family was the first to come to mind, but she quickly dismissed it.
Gilbert and Frederick were still locked up at the police station, barely able to protect themselves. They were in no position to launch a counterattack so swiftly.
As for other rival companies, she couldn’t think of a single one with the influence to sway so many major industry players at the same time.
“I understand,” Natasha said, taking a deep breath.
Then, she added firmly, “Your immediate priority is to calm the employees and keep operations running. I’ll handle everything when I return tomorrow. Also, try to gather information through other channels, but don’t tip anyone off.”
“Got it, Ms. Harmon,” Liora replied. After the call ended, Natasha stood rooted to the spot for several heartbeats. A night breeze swept past her, carrying a chill that seeped into her bones.
She pressed her fingers to the space between her eyebrows, smoothing away the tension and anger that had gathered there. Only when her expression was carefully schooled into one of calm did she return to her seat.
Dustin noticed the subtle shift in her mood and asked, “What’s wrong? You don’t look well.”
Natasha sat down, took a sip of her milkshake, and smiled as if nothing had happened.
“It’s nothing serious,” she replied. “Just some minor issues at the company. Several clients made some last-minute changes. This happens all the time in the business world. I can handle it.”
She didn’t want him to worry, especially now when he couldn’t use his ability and was in such a vulnerable state. Moreover, the cutthroat world of business was her battlefield.
Dustin looked at Natasha but didn’t press further. He simply nodded and said, “Okay. Just let me know if you need anything.”
“Of course, Mr. Rhys.”
Moved by his words, she leaned over and kissed his cheek; the brief touch left behind a faint smudge of lipstick and a familiar scent that was uniquely hers.
“You should head back and get some proper rest,” she said. “I might need to go to the office to deal with this matter. I’ll find you later.”
After their late-night snack, Natasha drove Dustin back to his villa. She reminded him to lock his doors and windows before speeding off toward Dash Corporation headquarters.
The city lights blurred into streaks as she drove, their glow a cold mirror for the resolve hardening in her eyes. She vowed that anyone who schemed behind the scenes and threatened her company would soon face the full force of her wrath.
Natasha hadn’t slept a wink that night. As dawn lightened the windows of her office at Dash Corporation, dark circles framed her eyes. Even so, her gaze remained sharp and focused.
Her desk was stacked with contracts, financial reports, and lists of affected clients and suppliers that Liora had compiled overnight.
Natasha went through each document carefully, her frown deepening with every page. The losses were stacking up, and the crisis was spiraling faster than she had feared.
Besides the major clients and suppliers, even smaller partners had caught wind of the situation. Many had chosen to wait and see, but some were already quietly reaching out to her competitors.
With both cash flow and supply chains being strained, a single misstep could put her entire company in serious jeopardy. Just then, a sharp rap sounded at the door. Liora entered, her face even paler than it had been the night before.
“Ms. Harmon, I’ve just received word that Spectrum Tech and Pinnacle Media have formally sent notices terminating their advertising and project collaborations with us for next quarter.”
They had lost two more major partners. Natasha slammed her pen on the desk. She leaned back in her chair, rubbing her throbbing temples.
After spending the entire night investigating and calling in favors from her private contacts, she still couldn’t identify the person behind this crisis.
Her initial suspect, the Chandlers, had been ruled out after further investigation.
Warren was entangled in his own troubles, and other factions within the family were furious at the foolish actions of Gilbert and Frederick. The brothers were unlikely to stir up more trouble for the time being.
Natasha knew her main business rivals inside out. They might seize the chance to kick her while she was down. But none of them had the clout to rally so many powerful, well-connected partners against her in such a short time.
This wasn’t just about business interests. It was pressure from someone higher up, forcing those below to comply.
Only a figure with overwhelming influence could make so many powerful executives across multiple industries cut ties overnight, even while paying massive penalties.
Besides the few long-established ancient houses in Oakvale, only individuals with direct lineage to the royal family or the highest-ranking elites with extremely close ties to the King could dare to act with such boldness.
Natasha’s thoughts immediately turned to the royal relatives. Like a sudden flash of clarity, one figure surged into her mind.
Dahlia.
###Chapter 2746
Natasha was convinced Dahlia was behind it. As Seamus’ goddaughter, Dahlia controlled nearly half of the Mosey family’s finances. Her influence in business and high society was undeniable. With the full support of the Moseys behind her, crushing Dash Corporation would be child’s play.
Natasha’s eyes narrowed, a cold glint flashing within them as she searched for Dahlia’s motive. Her thoughts snapped back to the barbecue restaurant the day before, to her own blatant display of affection, which she knew had struck a nerve.
Given Dahlia’s pride and aloof nature, Natasha was sure she wouldn’t make a scene in public. Yet she could easily imagine Dahlia nursing a private grudge and using her business influence to exact revenge, all to humiliate her.
In fact, Natasha sensed this might not just be about revenge. Something more calculated had been at play.
“Dahlia, I didn’t expect you to be this petty, “Natasha muttered, tapping her fingers on the desk absently, her gaze hardening.
“Everyone says all’s fair in love and business. You couldn’t win Dustin’s heart, so you’re pulling this dirty crap instead? Do you want me to back down? Or just hoping to watch me make a fool of myself? 11
She scoffed, anger and resentment settling into a cold resolve.
“Fine. If you want to play this game, I’ll see it through to the end. Let’s see whose resources run deeper, the Mosey family’s fortune, or my own methods.”
Without hesitation, Natasha grabbed the phone on her desk and quickly dialed a number. After a few rings, the call connected, and a steady, middle-aged voice came through. ” Natasha? Is everything alright? You never call this early.”
The person on the other end was Jensen, one of the key figures of the Ballard family and Natasha’s maternal uncle. He had considerable influence in both business circles and certain specialized fields.
“Uncle Jensen…” Natasha began, her voice grave and skipping all pleasantries. She got straight to the point. “My company’s being targeted. Key clients and suppliers were poached overnight, and it’s hitting us hard.
I think Dahlia from the Mosey family is behind it.”
“The Mosey family? Dahlia?” Jensen’s tone turned serious at once. “Are you sure?”
“I don’t have any solid evidence,” she replied. “But aside from them, I can’t think of anyone else with both the capability and the motive.”
Then, she quickly briefed him on the situation, including her conflict with Dahlia the day before.
“Uncle Jensen, I need your help. I didn’t want to trouble Grandfather, but I have no choice now.”
“Don’t worry. I’m with you,” Jensen said decisively. “We may not have the Mosey family’s reach, but we’re not pushovers either. If it comes to a fight, we won’t necessarily lose.”
He continued, “I’ll take care of the funding and pull in the connections immediately. I’ll also inform Dad to put pressure on the Mosey family. You just need to hold your ground, verify the facts, and be ready to strike back when the time comes.”
Hearing his firm and unwavering support, relief washed over Natasha. The pressure and gloom that had been weighing on her seemed to lift slightly.
“Thank you, Uncle Jensen. I know what to do.” After the call ended, she straightened in her chair. The exhaustion in her eyes was replaced by sharp determination.
She pressed the intercom button and ordered, “Liora, notify all department heads. Emergency meeting in 30 minutes.
“Also, compile every piece of intelligence we have on the Moseys’ business operations, especially anything where we might compete or where they have weak points. I want everything on my desk.”
“Yes, Ms. Harmon.”
As daylight spread across the city, a different war was underway; one that waged in spreadsheets and boardrooms, but every bit as ruthless.
Inside a luxurious villa, Florence was happily enjoying her breakfast. A tablet was propped on the table, streaming the latest viral short drama.
“The Domineering CEO Falls for His Divorced, Single-Mom, Post-Menopausal Ex-Wife” was riddled with clichés. The plot was utterly ridiculous, yet she watched with rapt attention, barely looking away from the screen even while eating.
Just then, Dahlia came down from the second floor in her silk pajamas.
“Come check this out. This short drama is so addictive, and I can’t stop watching it.” Seeing her daughter come downstairs, Florence waved her over enthusiastically and gestured for her to sit beside her.
“It’s all just cheesy nonsense. What’s so interesting about it?”
Dahlia sat beside her and picked up a bowl of warm oatmeal from the table, eating slowly. Having tossed and turned all night, her mind relentlessly replayed that familiar silhouette.
She had once believed that with the passage of time, she’d gradually forget Dustin. But after running into him last night, she realized she’d just been fooling herself. She couldn’t forget him at all.
Just then, her phone rang. Dahlia answered and immediately frowned. After a long moment, she nodded.
“Alright, I understand,” she said. “Don’t do anything rash. Wait until I investigate, then I’ll get back to you.”
“Dahlia, what’s wrong?” Florence asked casually, her eyes still glued to the screen.
“Just a minor issue at the company. I need to go and deal with it. Take your time eating.” Dahlia offered no further explanation. After a few brief words, she headed upstairs to change.
She had just received a call from her secretary, Lyra, reporting that Dash Corporation was applying pressure on her company, with the Ballard family pulling the strings behind the scenes.
Her relationship with Natasha had always been one of strained coexistence, a deliberate and mutual understanding to stay out of each other’s way.
Natasha’s sudden aggression was a calculated escalation that didn’t fit. The thought that it might stem from jealousy over Dustin crossed her mind, but she dismissed it just as quickly.
But knowing Natasha’s temperament, she doubted a personal matter would provoke such a drastic business move. She had to uncover it, and quickly.
###Chapter 2747
Back at the office, Dahlia settled into the executive chair behind her desk. Her fingers drummed a silent rhythm on its smooth surface as she focused on the screen. The briefing from Lyra showed that pressure from Dash Corporation, backed by the Ballard family, was rapidly mounting.
After a moment’s consideration, Dahlia stopped hesitating. She picked up her phone, scrolled to a number she rarely dialed yet knew by heart, and pressed call. The line rang several times before connecting
The voice on the line was Natasha’s. Her composure was clearly forced, and the icy edge beneath it was impossible to miss.
“What a rare pleasure, Ms. Nicholson. Is this a call to flaunt the Mosey family’s influence, or simply to savor my current predicament?”
Dahlia ignored the jab, cutting straight to the point. “I’m not behind the troubles that your company is facing.”
A short, derisive laugh came through the line, heavy with scorn.
“So you’ve got the nerve to make a move, but not to admit it?” Natasha said. “Last night at the restaurant, you couldn’t get Dustin’s attention, and it bruised your pride.
“Now you’re pulling underhanded business tricks? Leaning on the Mosey family’s influence to squeeze my company. And you call that a strategy? That’s your famous Ms. Nicholson’s pride?”
“I admit.” Dahlia’s voice was calm and clear. “It’s true that I want him back. But I’ll go about it my own way, openly and fairly. I won’t play games behind someone’s back or use business pressure to get revenge. That’s not my style, and it’s certainly not how the Mosey family operates.”
“Who else could it be if it’s not you?”
Natasha shot back, burning with anger.
My team already traced the trail. Every single pressure order leads straight back to the Mosey family and a few of your outside operatives. The evidence is right in front of you, Dahlia. How long are you going to keep up this act?”
Dahlia’s frown deepened. The certainty in Natasha’s voice told her that the fabricated trail was disturbingly thorough and almost indistinguishable from the truth. That only strengthened Dahlia’s own conviction.
“My conscience is clear,” she said. “If I had done this, I wouldn’t deny it. But this matter has nothing to do with me, nor with anything I know of the Mosey family’s intentions.”
She paused for a beat before emphasizing, “Think about it. If I really wanted to target you, would I leave such obvious traces for you to find?
“Would I make a move so crude and self-destructive that it drags both our families into a public feud? All that would do is turn us into a spectacle and hand the real advantage to our competitors. What would I gain from that?”
Natasha fell silent. The possibility had crossed her mind, but it had been drowned out by anger and her own assumptions.
Hearing Dahlia lay it out with such detached clarity was a sobering jolt. It was true that, given Dahlia’s character and her formidable intellect, any covert move she made would never be this clumsy.
“So you’re saying…” Natasha’s voice was calmer now, edged with dawning consideration. “Someone is impersonating the Mosey family to drive a wedge between us,” Dahlia finished, her tone sharp and unwavering.
She continued, “The target probably isn’t either of us directly. They want to set our families against each other, weaken us both, and reap the benefits. Or perhaps this is a probe, a way to gauge the Mosey family’s strength while setting us up to take the fall.”
Natasha leaned back in her chair and rubbed her temples. The business world was a battlefield, and such underhanded tactics were nothing new to her. Yet the sheer ruthlessness of this move, and the perfection of the forgery, sent a chill down her spine.
“I’m inclined to believe you, for now,” she said. “But if it wasn’t you, then who? Who else has the reach and the audacity to issue orders that perfectly mimic the Mosey family’s authority?”
“That’s exactly what I intend to find out,” Dahlia stated. “Anyone bold enough to use the Mosey family’s name must have backing, or they’re extremely familiar with their internal operations.
“I’ll personally look into this and use every resource available to get to the bottom of it. When I do, no matter who’s behind it, I’ll give you a clear answer.”
“Fine. I’ll take your word this time, Natasha responded. “I’ll also keep digging through my channels. I expect you to follow through and get me results as soon as possible.
“Until the truth comes out, I’ll hold off on targeting your company, but don’t mistake that for inaction. That doesn’t mean I’m letting my guard down or stopping the investigation.”
“Got it,” Dahlia said firmly. “Keep me updated. If you find anything, let me know right away.”
“Let’s hope so,” Natasha replied, then hung up. She studied the tangled web of corporate connections on her screen, eyes narrowing. If it wasn’t Dahlia, whoever was hiding in the shadows was even more dangerous and unpredictable.
Dahlia set her phone down, unease settling in her chest. She had managed to placate Natasha temporarily, but time was tight, and there was no room for complacency. After a moment’s consideration, Dahlia dialed another number.
“I need you to look into something for me. The more detailed, the better…” She quickly laid out her suspicions and pressed the person on the other end to speed up the investigation.
Her priority was to check the Mosey family’s inner circle for any irregular personnel changes or data breaches. She also wanted to trace all external forces that had recently made unusual contact with them.
This mole had to be found, or the threat would remain.
###Chapter 2748
Within an elegantly appointed study at the Mosey mansion, Seamus, the prince of a different lineage, was personally pouring drinks for two young visitors.
The atmosphere was markedly different from the rest of the mansion. The usual imposing grandeur was absent, replaced by the cautious courtesy reserved for those of superior status. Evander Quinton remained impassive, offering only a slight nod in response to Seamus’ attentiveness.
Elowen Quinton lifted her cup and inhaled the aroma of the tea. She held herself gracefully, yet there was an unmistakable distance in her posture. “This tea is excellent,” she remarked after a sip, sounding genuinely pleased.
“These leaves are spiritual tea from the Appalchi Highlands, a most rare vintage,” Seamus replied with a smile. “Should it be to your liking, I will have a selection prepared for you at once.”
“No need for such formalities, Sir Mosey.” Evander set down his cup and got straight to the point. “We don’t have much time. Have you given proper thought to what we discussed last time?”
Seamus replied solemnly, “Being noticed by the Quinton family is a rare honor. But… There’s something on my mind that I’m not sure if it is appropriate to ask.”
“Go on,” Evander replied, his expression unreadable. Seamus began, “Your family’s lineage stretches back thousands of years. You’ve always stood apart from the temporal world and pursued paths far beyond mortal rule.
“Moreover, you’ve never interfered in mortal politics or in which king sits on the throne. Why choose me? Why choose to meddle in the affairs of Dragonmarsh’s throne succession?”
Seamus held Evander’s gaze, his expression one of earnest inquiry. But behind that carefully maintained facade, his eyes were sharply observant, meticulously scanning Evander’s face for the slightest reaction.
Evander exchanged a glance with Elowen, who shook her head almost imperceptibly. Turning back to Seamus, Evander’s eyes were as deep and unreadable.
“This isn’t something you need to concern yourself with,” he said. “We act by our own rules. If you agree, we can help you claim the throne and hold absolute power over Dragonmarsh for ten years. In return, you will follow our orders and carry out tasks for the family. If you refuse…”
He paused for a beat. His tone was calm but left no room for doubt about the stakes. ” We can always support someone else. I’ve heard the three Dragonmarsh princes each have their own merits. We could just choose any one of them.
“What you seek is the pursuit of a lifetime. But for our family, it is merely a matter of selecting a slightly more or less convenient piece on the board.” Seamus felt a sudden chill, and cold sweat broke out across his back.
Evander’s calm tone and absolute control made him fully aware of just how terrifying a hidden, centuries-old family could be. To them, the so-called royalty and power were probably no more significant than ants.
Seamus instantly abandoned any thought of pressing further.
“You flatter me, Lord Quinton,” he said quickly. “It’s already a great honor that your esteemed family holds me in regard. How could I possibly harbor any doubts? I am entirely at your disposal and will dedicate my utmost to serving the Quintons.”
A faint, almost imperceptible smile finally touched Evander’s lips. “Good. You are a wise man, Sir Mosey. It’s always a pleasure to work with someone sharp.”
With a flick of his finger, a token engraved with strange, cloud-like patterns landed soundlessly on the table before Seamus.
“This is a token and a means of communication. Whatever you need to do will be conveyed through it. You don’t need to contact us unless we instruct you to do so. Just focus on your duties, and above all, don’t draw attention to yourself or provoke anyone you shouldn’t.”
His last sentence was laden with unspoken warnings. Seamus picked up the cool token with both hands and noticed it felt heavier than its size suggested.
“Got it,” he replied. “I will remember it.”
“Your task now is to consolidate your position and build up your forces quietly,” Evander instructed. “When the time is right, you will be told the next steps.”
With that, he and Elowen rose to their feet. Without any visible movement, their figures seemed to blur and fade like dissipating mist, vanishing from the study as if they had never been there at all.
Seamus remained standing in place for a long while, with the token in his hand, before finally straightening his posture. His eyes held a new, complex depth of thought.
The Quintons, a family withdrawn from the world for so long, were now suddenly involving themselves in royal affairs. He couldn’t tell if this was a blessing or a curse.
Since the throne was within his reach, he had no reason to refuse. With the backing of the Quinton family, he could rule Dragonmarsh and perhaps even the entire world. Just then, someone knocked on the door.
“Come in,” Seamus said, collecting himself. The door opened, and Anders stepped inside. He said respectfully, “Godfather, the matter you entrusted to me has been taken care of.”
“Good work. You’ve done well,” Seamus responded with a nod.
“It was nothing,” Anders replied. “But I don’t understand why a small company like the Dash Corporation is worth your attention?”
“Targeting them wasn’t my decision,” Seamus said evenly. “I’m simply following orders.”
“Oh?” Anders couldn’t hide his shock. ” Who in this world could possibly give you orders?”
“Have you heard of the Quinton family?” Seamus asked.
“The Quintons?” Anders frowned, then his expression shifted to one of grave understanding. “You mean… the legendary cultivator family that stays hidden from the world?”
“That’s right,” Seamus replied with a nod.
“Their family’s legacy spans a thousand years, and very few people have heard of them. If I hadn’t seen it myself, I wouldn’t have believed it either.”
“You’re saying they have already approached you?” Anders asked, stunned.
“Yes.” Seamus didn’t deny it. “An emissary came. They say they’ll support my ascension to the throne. But in return, I must follow their orders for the next ten years.”
“And you agreed?” Anders ventured. If it meant ascending to the throne, obeying the Quinton family for a decade didn’t seem like too steep a price.
“Of course,” Seamus said. “If I refused, they’d support someone else. Then, we wouldn’t survive the fallout. We’re not in a position to offend a family of cultivators.”
“You’ve made a wise decision, Godfather,” Anders said.
“I’m getting old,” Seamus said calmly. ” Even if I ascend to the throne, I won’t enjoy it for many years. When that time comes, everything I have will be yours. So from now on, you need to handle things properly and not make any mistakes.”
“You have my word. Godfather. I won’t let you down,” Anders replied, unable to hide his excitement.
At last, the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity he had been waiting for had arrived. If he could bypass Seamus and deal directly with the Quinton family, might his future look even brighter?
###Chapter 2749
Over the next few days, the crisis at Dash Corporation showed no signs of resolving, despite Dahlia’s attempts to clear things up.
Natasha had paused her direct attacks, but the market pressure hadn’t lifted. Most of the clients and suppliers who’d been swayed remained hesitant to return. It was as if someone were quietly steering events from behind the scenes.
She even mobilized the Ballard family’s full resources and launched a counter-investigation. Natasha didn’t believe in flawless conspiracies. If someone had impersonated the Moseys, they would have left traces behind.
At the same time, she also started sharing information with Dahlia more regularly. Though tension still existed between them, this uneasy alliance seemed necessary when facing an enemy hidden in the shadows.
As for Dustin, he’d begun living a relatively quiet life under Natasha’s insistence. Without his power, he now experienced the vulnerability and limits of mortality in ways he never had before.
But from another perspective, it was a rare opportunity. Stripped of his power, he could experience the world as an ordinary person and notice things he’d overlooked. He could also feel the rhythm of everyday life he’d been too elevated to see.
It was a sunny afternoon. Dustin went out alone to a large public park not far from the neighborhood. Tall trees lined the walking paths, an artificial lake reflected the blue sky, and people were scattered across the grounds, enjoying their weekend.
Parents pushed strollers while joggers in athletic gear passed by. College students sat on benches with their laptops, and food trucks lined the main pathway, creating a lively atmosphere.
Dressed in simple casual clothes, Dustin wandered along the lakeside path with his hands in his pockets. He felt the warmth of the sun on his skin, caught the scent of freshly cut grass mixed with grilled food from nearby vendors, and listened to the ordinary sounds of life around him.
The sense of being fully immersed in everyday life felt both unfamiliar and intriguing. His gaze moved calmly over the crowd, taking in their small joys and quiet frustrations. As he neared an open stretch of lawn, two figures caught his attention.
A man and a woman stood out sharply from the crowd around them. The man looked to be in his late 20s. He was good-looking, but he seemed out of sync with the modern world, like someone from an earlier era.
He wore what looked like a modified frock coat in deep navy blue. The fabric appeared exceptionally fine, catching the light with a subtle sheen. Strapped across his back was a long, narrow wrapped in weathered cloth. Its shape suggested a sword.
The woman was younger, probably in her early 20s. Her striking beauty had an almost ethereal quality.
She wore a flowing ivory gown with wide sleeves, silver embroidery tracing delicate patterns along the hem. Her long hair was pinned up with a simple emerald hairpin, a few dark strands falling loose around her face.
In a park full of T-shirts, jeans, and athletic wear, the two of them looked like they’d stepped off a period drama set. But what made Dustin’s gaze sharpen wasn’t just their unusual clothing.
Without his divine sense or cultivation, he couldn’t detect any spiritual energy or special energy waves. But instinct honed through countless life-and-death battles told him these two were dangerous.
The man’s movements seemed casual, but each step held a precision and balance that was hard to define. He moved as if he were part of the environment, yet could detach from it at any moment.
The woman held a pink cloud of cotton candy that looked absurdly out of place with her refined elegance. She took small, delicate bites, her face lit with content.
Her cold aloofness had melted away, replaced by an almost childlike sweetness. But when her gaze drifted across the people around them, something shifted.
For just a moment, her eyes held the kind of indifference someone might have when looking at insects. These two were Evander and Elowen Quinton.
Elowen seemed fascinated by everything in the park, especially the street food vendors. After finishing her cotton candy, she wandered over to a stand where a vendor was making hand-pulled taffy. Her eyes lit up as the man expertly stretched and twisted the candy into colorful ribbons and shapes.
Evander followed his sister by half a step, quietly observing the park scenery. He seemed completely oblivious to the curious, surprised, and even pointed stares from passersby. It was as if all the noise and bustle were separated from him by an invisible barrier.
“Evander, this is amazing.” Elowen held up a ribbon of taffy twisted into the shape of a bird and turned to him with a smile. At that moment, she looked like any carefree young woman out enjoying the day.
His lips curved slightly, his eyes softening with affection. “I’m glad you like it. The mortal world may lack spiritual energy, but these little pleasures have their own appeal.”
As they continued walking, Elowen admired her candy while taking in the sights. When she rounded a corner, a group of breakdancers caught her attention, and she didn’t notice the couple heading straight toward her.
She let out a startled cry as the collision sent her stumbling backward. Her taffy figure and the stick from her cotton candy slipped from her hands and hit the ground. The candy figure landed with a splat, the delicate bird shape flattening and sticking to the pavement.
The one who’d bumped into her was a young man, dressed in designer streetwear with multiple ear piercings. His arm slung around a woman in elaborate makeup wearing a crop top. He frowned immediately after the impact. When he took in Elowen’s strange outfit, contempt flashed across his face.
“Hey! Watch where you’re going!”
His tone was aggressive, with no hint of an apology. His girlfriend looked down at the flattened taffy figure on the ground with disgust, curling her lip.
“Dressed like some weirdo. You scared the hell out of me!” she spat. “Do you have any manners? You ran right into us!”
###Chapter 2750
Elowen’s smile disappeared in an instant. The playful warmth in her expression turned ice-cold as she slowly raised her head to look at the couple. Her gaze was icy, as though she were staring at lifeless s.
The air seemed to freeze around them. The moment her eyes shifted with intent, Evander’s hand came to rest gently on her shoulder, stopping her before she could act.
He stepped forward, positioning himself between his sister and the couple. His expression softened into a warm, apologetic smile as he nodded at them. “I’m so sorry. My sister wasn’t paying attention to where she was going. We apologize for startling you.”
His tone was sincere and humble as he tried to defuse the situation. The young man’s irritation eased slightly when he saw the genuine apology, particularly after noticing Evander’s polished demeanor.
Still, he couldn’t resist saying, “Just pay attention next time. What’s with the outfits anyway? You guys filming something?”
His girlfriend gave a dismissive snort and pulled on his arm. “Come on. Let’s go. No point talking to weirdos.”
The couple tossed out a few more remarks as they walked away with an air of superiority. Evander kept smiling as he watched them leave.
It wasn’t until the couple had walked a dozen yards away and disappeared into the crowd that Elowen finally spoke. Her voice was cold with displeasure. “Why did you stop me?”
He withdrew his gaze. Though he was still smiling and the warmth in his expression had deepened, his eyes held nothing but indifference. It was as if his earlier apology had been nothing more than brushing away a speck of dust.
Evander turned to look at Elowen and said softly, “Why bother with insects? We rarely get out like this. Don’t let them ruin your mood.”
“But it has already been ruined,” she said icily, looking down at the flattened taffy figure stuck on the ground. Elowen wasn’t upset about the ruined candy but about the disrespect those two had shown her.
Evander’s smile deepened, as if he had heard something amusing. His gaze drifted toward where the couple had gone. They were laughing and chatting as they headed toward the other side of the park, completely unaware of the attention they’d drawn.
“Should I kill them for you?” Evander asked casually, as if asking about dinner plans, except his eyes showed he wasn’t joking.
Elowen fell silent for a moment before shaking her head. Her red lips parted as she said, “No. I want them to wish they were dead.”
When she spoke, there was no anger in her expression, yet her words carried unmistakable cruelty.
“Okay.”
Evander nodded as if this were the most ordinary request imaginable. His left hand remained behind his back while his right hand was raised.
He formed a seal with his fingers and traced patterns in the air. The movements were light and subtle, drawing no one’s attention and stirring not even the slightest breeze.
In the distance, Dustin’s gaze had been fixed on them the entire time. He saw Evander raise his hand, but he couldn’t make out the exact movement. However, the casual gesture combined with the flash of cold focus in Evander’s eyes set off alarm bells in his mind.
Evander pointed lazily at the couple’s retreating backs from a distance. There was no light, no sound, and nothing visible at all.
But the next moment, the couple, who had walked more than 100 feet away, suddenly let out piercing screams that barely sounded human.
“My head! My body!”
They convulsed violently as if struck by an invisible sledgehammer before pitching forward onto the pavement. ement. Once down, they began thrashing and rolling wildly while clutching their heads with both hands.
Their faces twisted in agony as their eyes bulged and mouths gaped open. The guttural sounds and broken wails coming from them suggested they were enduring the cruelest torture imaginable while remaining fully conscious.
“What’s happening?”
“Someone collapsed!”
“Call 911!”
“Wait. Are they having seizures or epilepsy?”
The passerby around them froze in shock before rushing over seconds later. Some shouted for help, some tried to assist the couple, and others frantically dialed the helpline on their phones.
Chaos erupted as a crowd quickly formed around the couple. The onlookers blocked the view, but the screams still pierced through, sending chills down everyone’s spines.
Evander lowered his hand as if he’d just done something trivial and turned to Elowen with a warm smile.
“Now, are you satisfied?” he asked. She watched the chaos in the distance and listened to the faint screams. Her face returned to that ethereal, detached expression, as if she hadn’t just requested a cruel punishment moments ago.
Elowen let out a soft hum and turned toward another part of the park. Her steps were light, as if the incident had nothing to do with her.
###Chapter 2751
Evander smiled faintly, unbothered by Elowen’s indifference, and followed after her. Just as he was about to turn away, something seemed to catch his attention. His head shifted ever so slightly toward where Dustin stood.
Dustin’s heart stirred, but his expression remained unchanged. He kept the same calm demeanor, his gaze sweeping casually over the chaotic scene before resting on the lake’s shimmering surface. It was as if he were just another bystander drawn by the commotion.
Evander’s gaze lingered on him for less than half a second. He saw an ordinary-looking young man in plain clothes with an unremarkable presence, standing by the lake watching the scene unfold. To him, Dustin just looked like other curious onlookers nearby.
The corner of Evander’s mouth curled upward almost imperceptibly, forming an ambiguous smile. In that expression lay indifference, superiority, and perhaps a trace of contempt for ordinary people. It was something even he might not have been aware of.
Withdrawing his gaze, he turned and followed Elowen at an unhurried pace. The two figures soon disappeared around a bend in the path on the far side of the park, as if they had never been there at all.
Dustin stood still, his gaze returning to the lake’s surface as his fingers brushed against something in his pocket.
“I want them to wish they were dead.”
Elowen’s words echoed in his mind. With just a gesture through the air, they had inflicted excruciating agony on others.
Dustin was aware that this technique went far beyond what ordinary martial artists or gifted individuals could manage. The casual way they’d drawn those symbols in the air looked like spellcasting.
Something about Evander and Elowen felt deeply wrong. Their clothing and demeanor seemed completely out of place in the modern world, and they regarded human life with cold indifference. The eerie abilities they wielded so effortlessly only added to the unsettling impression.
“Are they disciples of the reclusive cultivator families?” Dustin wondered aloud. He didn’t know much about them, but had only heard rumors in passing.
He used to dismiss them as fairy tales. But after witnessing the scene, he understood that this world really did harbor powerful cultivators. For ordinary people, such cultivators might as well be myths.
Ever since Dustin had broken through to the terrestrial immortal realm, he’d crossed the threshold from martial artist to true cultivator. Right now, he was in the nascent soul stage of mortal transformation.
“It seems another wave is about to sweep through Oakvale,” he muttered to himself. Once disciples from the hidden cultivator families emerged, they inevitably caused upheaval. But without his cultivation, there wasn’t much he could do about it. He felt that it was better to keep his head down and mind his own business.
At that moment, Evander and Elowen were already in the back of a luxury sedan.
“That guy by the lake earlier was interesting,” she said casually, toying with a small pinwheel she’d just bought.
“Oh? You sensed it too?” he asked, leaning back in the plush leather seat with his eyes closed. “I can’t quite put my finger on it Something felt off, but I couldn’t see anything special about him,” Elowen said with a shrug
She added, “Maybe I’m overthinking it. In these mundane lands where spiritual energy is lacking, what kind of person would even be worth noticing?”
Evander opened his eyes. A faint golden gleam flashed in their depths before vanishing.
“Better be cautious than sorry,” he said. ” But even if there is something unusual about him, he’s not a threat to us in this world.
“Our mission is to ensure Seamus takes the throne and controls Dragonmarsh’s government so our family can move forward with its plans. Anything else that doesn’t get in our way isn’t our problem ”
“Got it.” Elowen stuck the pinwheel out the car window and watched it spin rapidly in the wind, a childlike smile spreading across her face. She didn’t look like she had just casually decided another person’s fate back at the park.
The sedan pulled smoothly into Oakvale’s heavy traffic and disappeared. The park incident seemed minor and was quickly forgotten. But the course of events had already been set in motion.
By the time Dustin returned to his villa, the setting sun had painted the horizon orange -red. These past few days had been so peaceful they felt foreign to him, but he’d surprisingly found he didn’t mind it.
Without his cultivation, he’d become more focused on the details right in front of him. The aroma of coffee, the words in a book, and the way light and shadow shifted across the windowsill.
That morning, he came downstairs to prepare breakfast as usual, only to find something off in the kitchen. The milk carton that had been half-full last night was gone, several slices of ham were missing from the fridge, and an empty milk carton sat in the trash.
Dustin frowned. The neighborhood had excellent security, and there shouldn’t be any break-ins. Could Natasha have stopped by last night? But if it had been her, she wouldn’t have just taken the food.
He searched the kitchen carefully, then heard a faint noise coming from the pantry. Dustin walked over quietly and opened the door. A pair of amber eyes stared back at him from the shadows, wary and alert.
It was a small white fox, about the size of a house cat. Its right hind leg was curled beneath it, marked with an obvious wound. Dried blood had crusted into dark brown patches on the fur.
Its coat was pure white without a single marking, and its fluffy tail was wrapped tightly around its body. Traces of milk still clung to the fur around its mouth.
When it saw Dustin, the fox bared its teeth and growled low in its throat. But the injury made its defensive stance look awkward and vulnerable.
###Chapter 2752
Dustin didn’t step closer. He remained at the doorway and spoke gently. “It’s okay. I won’t hurt you. If you’re hungry, you can come eat anytime.”
The white fox’s amber eyes glimmered in the dim light. They stayed locked on him, sharp and wary. He stepped back and grabbed more food from the fridge. Then, he placed a few slices of ham and a small bowl of milk in the corner of the kitchen. He returned to the living room with a book and pretended to read while watching the kitchen from the corner of his eye.
Half an hour passed before the fox finally limped out from the storage room. It scanned the area carefully. Only after confirming that Dustin posed no threat did it dart forward to grab the food, then hurry back to its hiding spot.
Over the next few days, Dustin left food in the kitchen corner every day. Sometimes it was sliced fruit, and other times, cooked chicken or pet treats he’d bought at the store.
The fox came at irregular times, appearing at dawn on some days and late at night on others. Yet, he always knew of its visit by the food that had disappeared
Gradually, the fox grew less cautious. At first, it waited until Dustin left the kitchen before venturing out. Soon, it began slipping in even while he stayed in the living room.
A week later, Dustin was reading one quiet afternoon when the white fox approached his feet. It lifted its head and nudged the apple in his hand with its nose. Dustin smiled and broke off a small piece then placed it on the floor.
The fox hesitated before lowering its head and began to eat But instead of fleeing afterward, it stayed, lying down on the carpet beside him and gently licking its injured hind leg
Finally, Dustin had a clear look at the wound. It wasn’t a simple scrape or bite. Faint scorch marks traced the edges of the injury, as if it had been burned by some kind of mystical force.
“Let me take a look at that, okay?” he asked softly. The fox seemed to understand. It lifted its head, its amber eyes flickering with hesitation, but didn’t resist
Carefully, Dustin cleaned the wound. He disinfected it, applied ointment, and bandaged it. The fox trembled now and then, but it neither struggled nor tried to bite him.
“There you go. Keep it dry for the next few days, and it should heal soon,” he said, gently stroking its head. The fox nudged his hand in thanks before limping away.
From that day, the white fox appeared more often. It curled up at his feet while he read, sniffed curiously at his tea, and even let him stroke its smooth, silken fur.
Dustin even named it Snowy.
“Snowy, I got your favorite salmon today,” he said, placing a small plate of fish in the kitchen corner. However, the fox didn’t come that day, nor the following day. Dustin grew a little worried, but he reasoned the fox might have returned to the wild now that its leg was healed.
On the fourth night, he was startled awake by the sound of frantic scratching at the door. He opened it to find Snowy standing there, drenched. Beside it lay a woman, equally soaked and unconscious.
Wounds covered her body, her skin pale as paper, and breathing shallow. The white dress she wore was soaked through with blood. Even in this state, she was still breathtaking.
She had delicate features and flawless skin. Even while unconscious, she radiated an ethereal presence that seemed almost untouchable.
Snowy had dragged the woman to the doorstep. It nudged her with its nose, then looked up at Dustin with its amber eyes, as if pleading. Without hesitation, he scooped her into his arms and laid her on the couch.
Upon examining her injuries, he found many external wounds, but the internal injuries were far more severe. Her organs bore varying degrees of trauma, and within her body, an unusual, wild energy churned violently.
Though Dustin could no longer use his cultivation, he still had the skill to treat her injuries. He quickly treated her external wounds, then used acupuncture to stabilize her internal energy flow. After that, he prepared a herbal remedy to restore her vitality and carefully fed it to her.
Snowy stayed by her side, always keeping an anxious eye on him.
“Who is she to you?” Dustin asked the fox. Naturally, Snowy didn’t answer. It just gently nuzzled the woman’s hand with its head.
The woman remained unconscious for two days. During that time, he tended to her meticulously, while Snowy never left her side.
As he treated her, Dustin discovered that this woman was far from ordinary. Her circulatory pathways were different from ordinary people.
The energy inside her was wild and erratic, yet pure at its core. Her cultivation was more advanced than any typical martial artist.
On the third morning, the woman finally stirred. The moment she opened her eyes, he froze and was caught off guard by the sheer depth of her gaze. It was clear yet distant, as if they could see right through him.
At the sight of Dustin, her gaze sharpened immediately. She tried to sit up, but the movement pulled at her injuries, making her wince.
“Don’t move. You’re badly injured,” he said quickly. The woman’s eyes swept the room before landing on Snowy at her side. Her expression softened slightly.
“You saved me?” she asked. “Snowy brought you here,” Dustin said, gesturing to the white fox. “I only did what needed to be done.”
###Chapter 2753
The woman glanced at Snowy, and the fox immediately strutted over and affectionately rubbed against her hand. A trace of warmth flickered in her eyes, but it vanished as quickly as it appeared, replaced by her usual cool composure.
“Thank you,” she said. “Once I’ve recovered, I’ll leave and won’t trouble you anymore.” “No worry,” Dustin replied. “Just focus on your recovery. By the way, may I know your name?”
She was silent for a moment before answering softly, “Blanche Frost.”
Over the next few days, Blanche stayed at the villa to recover. She spoke very little and spent most of her time meditating to restore her strength. Occasionally, she would stand by the window, gazing toward the distant mountains, lost in thought.
Dustin soon noticed something unusual. Her recovery speed was astonishing. Injuries that would have left an ordinary person bedridden for months had healed to the point of near recovery in just a few days.
One afternoon, he was trimming plants in the courtyard when the doorbell rang. He opened the door to find Natasha standing outside, smiling brightly and carrying a food container.
“Surprise! I had my family’s chef make your favorite pastries,” she said, casually pulling him into a hug. Dustin took the container with a smile.
“What brings you here? I thought you were swamped with work,” he said. “Things at work have finally eased up, so I figured I’d come see you,” she replied as she stepped inside. “How have you been? Did you miss me…”
Her words trailed off as her gaze fell on the corner of the living room. At that moment, Snowy was dozing in the sunlight by the floor-to-ceiling window. Its white fur gleamed softly in the warm rays.
“Wow!” Natasha exclaimed, hurrying over. “What a beautiful fox.”
She bent down, trying to pet Snowy. “You have a pet now? Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Wait!”
Dustin tried to warn her, but it was too late. Snowy snapped awake. Seeing a stranger reaching for it, it bared its teeth in a low growl before darting behind the couch. Natasha jumped back, quickly withdrawing her hand.
“It doesn’t seem to like me,” she said. “It’s a bit wary of strangers,” Dustin explained. “Give it some time. It’ll warm up once it gets familiar with you.”
Natasha nodded but couldn’t take her eyes off Snowy. She clearly found the fox irresistible.
“What’s its name? Where did you find it?” Natasha asked. “It’s so adorable.” As they were talking, light footsteps sounded from the stairs.
Blanche came down from the second floor. She was no longer wearing the bloodstained white clothes. Instead, she had on the simple loungewear Dustin had prepared-a plain white T-shirt and gray sweatpants.
Even in such casual clothes, she carried a detached, almost ethereal presence. Her long hair fell loosely around her face, a few strands brushing her cheeks and emphasizing her pale, flawless skin.
Natasha froze when she saw her. She looked at Blanche, then at Dustin. Surprise shifted to confusion, then to heartache, and finally settled on jealousy.
“And who is this?” she asked, her tone sharp. “You’re not hiding a mistress here, are you? Don’t tell me you’ve got someone else already.”
“Of course, not,” Dustin said quickly. “I just met her-”
“Just met her?” Natasha’s voice rose slightly, jealousy flaring. “She’s living in your house and you ‘just met her’?”
“You’ve got it wrong. She was badly injured. I happened to save her, that’s all. Once she recovers, she’ll leave,” he replied with a helpless smile.
“You sure?” she asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Mr. Rhys is telling the truth,” Blanche said. “He saved my life, that’s all. You don’t need to worry, miss…”
“Harmon. Natasha Harmon. Well, that’s good then,” Natasha responded. She finally smiled and looped her arm through Dustin’s, clearly staking her claim. Blanche looked at them with calm, unreadable eyes.
“Mr. Rhys, Ms. Harmon,” she said evenly. ”
Now that the misunderstanding has been cleared up, I won’t intrude any longer. My injuries have mostly healed. I’ll be leaving today.”
“Ms. Frost, you haven’t fully recovered yet, “Dustin said.
“Don’t worry. I have somewhere to go,”
she replied, looking at the fox. “Snowy, let’s go.”
Snowy sprang from behind the couch and padded to Blanche’s side, stopping at her feet. It glanced back at Dustin, amber eyes lingering, almost as if it didn’t want to leave.
She gave Dustin a slight nod. “I won’t forget that you saved my life. If you ever need me, use this to find me.”
She removed a white pendant and handed it to him. The surface was smooth and warm, carved with unusual cloud patterns and an intricate “F” in the center.
Dustin accepted it and said, “Take care, Ms. Frost.”
Without another word, Blanche turned and left. Snowy followed at her heels, and the pair soon disappeared through the door.
“What was her name again?” Natasha asked suddenly.
“Blanche Frost.”
“She’s beautiful,” she said with a meaningful smile. “And the name suits her, too. You have quite the luck with women.”
Dustin cleared his throat and said awkwardly, “It’s just a coincidence.” Natasha was smiling, but something in her expression made him uneasy.
“She doesn’t seem like an ordinary person, and that white fox seems to understand everything,” she said, changing the subject.
“Yeah,” Dustin said thoughtfully. “Lately, Oakvale’s been getting visitors who don’t usually show up here. I’ve got a feeling something big is about to happen.”
“Something big? Like what?” Natasha asked curiously.
“Not sure yet. Without my cultivation, I can’t use my divine sense to probe what’s going on. We’ll have to take things as they come.”
He added solemnly, “Listen, you need to be extra careful too. If anything happens, tell me immediately. Don’t take any chances.”
###Chapter 2754
“Don’t worry,” Natasha said with a smile. ” I’ve been keeping a low profile lately, and hardly make any public appearances. I’ve already assigned people to handle company matters.” “Glad to hear that,” Dustin responded with a nod.
After Blanche left, his life returned to its usual calm. Natasha started visiting the villa even more often. She no longer carried the constant rush of business affairs as she used to. Instead, she deliberately made time to savor simple moments with Dustin.
It was the weekend, and she arrived early in the morning, carrying several bags.
“It’s such a beautiful day. Let’s go on a picnic,” she said with a bright smile, her eyes sparkling with anticipation. “I had the chef prepare a lunchbox, along with some fruit and pastries.”
Dustin looked out at the bright sunshine filling the courtyard and nodded.
“Sounds good. Where to?” he asked.
“I know a place not far from here,” she replied. “There’s a meadow with a gorgeous lake view.”
They drove out of the city, winding up a mountain road for about half an hour until they reached a secluded hillside. The view stretched wide, overlooking a reservoir sparkling below, with the city skyline faintly visible through the morning haze.
Natasha unloaded the picnic basket from the car and spread a blue-and-white checkered blanket on the grass. She began laying out sandwiches, fruit salad, grilled chicken wings, cupcakes, and a thermos of iced tea with effortless ease.
“You really went all out,” Dustin said, helping her arrange the food.
“We don’t get to do this often,” she replied with a smile, handing him a sandwich. ” Try this one. I had the chef add that sauce you like.”
Dustin took a bite and nodded appreciatively. “It’s delicious.”
They sat side by side on the blanket, watching the distant scenery and chatting casually. The breeze carried the fresh scent of grass and wildflowers across the meadow.
After a while, Natasha broke the silence. ” Sometimes I wish things could be simpler. You know, if you could just be an ordinary person.”
Dustin turned to look at her. “Why do you say that?”
“Because then you’d always be with me,” she replied, leaning on his shoulder. “No more dealing with all that fighting or facing any danger. We could just live a normal life, go to work, come home, cook dinner, and enjoy picnics on the weekends.
He was quiet for a moment, then gently put his arm around her shoulders. “I’d like that too.”
“Really?” Natasha lifted her head, her eyes bright.
“Yes,” Dustin replied with a nod. “Even without my cultivation, I’ve actually enjoyed the quiet life. Making breakfast in the morning, reading, going for walks, waiting for you to come home from work.”
“Then, it’s settled,” she said, sitting up straight and holding out her pinky finger. ” Once everything is sorted, we’ll live like this. Promise.”
Seeing her so earnest, he felt genuinely moved. Then, he extended his pinky and hooked it with hers. “Okay. Promise.”
The afternoon sun was warm and gentle. The two spent the rest of the day lying on the grass, watching clouds drift lazily across the sky.
Conversation flowed in easy, casual bursts, with occasional pauses as they simply savored the rare quiet. They didn’t pack up until the sun began sinking toward the horizon.
On the drive back, Natasha’s phone rang. She glanced at the screen, frowned slightly, and hesitated for a moment before answering.
“Hello?” Dahlia’s calm, cool voice came through. “Natasha, it’s me.”
“I know. What do you want?” Natasha replied, her tone returning to its usual calm detachment. Dustin glanced at her, silently asking who it was. She mouthed a single word, “Dahlia.”
He looked surprised but said nothing, keeping his eyes on the road.
“The investigation’s done,” Dahlia said, getting straight to the point. “The attacks on Dash Corporation weren’t my doing, nor were they officially sanctioned by the Moseys.”
“Then, who?” Natasha asked.
“It’s Anders, my godbrother,” Dahlia replied. “You’ve probably heard of him.” Natasha’s eyes narrowed. “Sir Mosey’s adopted son? Why would he do this?”
“He went behind my godfather’s back, secretly using some of the Mosey family’s resources and forging orders.”
There was a trace of exhaustion in Dahlia’s voice.
“It took me days to get the truth out of one of his confidants. He covered his tracks well and almost fooled me.”
“What’s his motive?” Natasha asked, confused.
“He’s trying to bypass my godfather and make direct contact with a certain faction, “Dahlia replied. After a beat, she continued, “I’m still investigating the details, but this faction is not to be taken lightly. It might be connected to some of the ‘special figures’ who’ve shown up in Oakvale recently.
“Either way, you need to be careful. There are undercurrents running through the Moseys right now. I can’t even read the situation clearly anymore.”
Natasha stayed silent for a moment, then asked, “Why are you telling me all this? If something happened to me, wouldn’t that benefit you?”
The line went quiet for a few seconds. Then Dahlia’s voice came through, clearer and more resolute than before.
“I know Dustin cares about you. I owe him too much already. I don’t want to see him hurt.” She paused, then added, “Besides, I want fair competition, not underhanded tactics. I’m not so desperate that I’d stoop to winning that way.”
Natasha blinked, then couldn’t help smiling faintly. “Well, you’ve certainly earned my respect.”
###Chapter 2755
“The Moseys’ situation is unclear right now. You need to be careful too,” Natasha said, sounding concerned for once. ” Losing a rival like you would make life pretty boring.”
Dahlia seemed to laugh on the other end. ” Don’t worry. I’m not going to die before you do.” Natasha snorted before hanging up. Dustin couldn’t help asking, “What did she say?”
“She said Anders is behind it and warned me to watch out. Things at the Moseys have become dangerous,” Natasha replied, putting her phone away. “She said there are unknown factions involved now, and even she can’t do anything about it.”
Dustin frowned. “Anders… I remember him. He’s an ambitious guy. But if even Dahlia finds these factions troublesome, they’re no joke.”
“Yeah. She said it might be connected to those ‘special figures’ who showed up in Oakvale recently,” she said, looking out the car window. “Could the people you encountered in the park before be…”
“It’s possible,” Dustin responded with a nod. “The methods those two used are definitely not something ordinary martial artists possess.”
By the time they got back to the villa, it was completely dark outside. Natasha stayed over that evening. They made a simple dinner together and sat in the living room eating while watching the news.
The broadcast reported a bizarre incident from earlier that afternoon. A mansion in the Oakvale suburbs had suddenly caught fire.
The fire had been unusually intense. When firefighters arrived, they found the temperature at the center of the blaze abnormally high. The burn patterns were strange, unlike those of an ordinary fire.
Even more disturbing was that the investigators discovered three charred bodies at the scene, burned beyond recognition. The coroner’s preliminary assessment suggested the victims had died before the fire even started.
“This news…” Natasha frowned. “Could it be related to those ‘special figures’?”
Dustin stared at the screen for a few seconds. “It’s possible,” he said finally. “But there’s nothing we can do about it right now. We’ll just have to wait and see how things develop.”
“Great. Just when I thought we could have some peace and quiet,” she said with a sigh, resting her head on his shoulder. ” Where do you think these people come from? Why are they interfering in mundane affairs?”
“No idea,” he replied, shaking his head. ” But if they’re showing up now, it means something’s about to happen.”
They talked late into the night before Natasha finally went to the guest room to rest. Dustin returned to his own room but couldn’t sleep. He stood by the window, looking out at the city in the darkness. A nagging feeling settled in his gut.
Their peaceful days probably wouldn’t last much longer. Elsewhere in Oakvale, the atmosphere at the Weston family estate was so oppressive that it was almost suffocating.
The Westons were an upper-middle-class family in Oakvale. They had some influence in the business world. Their family enterprises covered real estate and import-export trade, making them a respected name in the city.
But right now, dozens of family members were kneeling in the main hall. They were trembling and dared not make a sound.
In the seat of honor sat a cultivator, Narcissa, in her early 30s. She wore a flowing dress of pale lavender, her long hair pinned up with an emerald clasp. Her features were beautiful, but her expression held a cruel edge
She sat with her legs crossed, idly toying with a crystal glass while her cold gaze swept over the people kneeling before her. Beside her stood a boy around six years old.
The child had delicate features and wore an expensive silk attire, but his face held a cruelty and arrogance that didn’t belong to someone his age.
He snapped the riding crop occasionally, each sharp crack making the children in the front row shrink back against their parents.
“Mr. Weston,” Narcissa said coldly. “Is this how your family treats guests? Can’t even brew a decent cup of coffee?”
The white-haired elderly man kneeling at the front was the family patriarch, Oswald Weston. He bowed his head low and said, ” Please forgive us. It was the maids’ fault. I’ll have them make a fresh pot immediately.”
“Don’t bother.” She waved her hand dismissively. “I can see your family doesn’t have anything worth offering anyway. If this estate wasn’t positioned on a ley line, I would’ve already left.”
Narcissa turned to the boy beside her. ” Kael, what do you think of this place?”
Kael wrinkled his nose. “Mom, this place is boring. They don’t even have any decent toys. And these people are all clumsy idiots. That woman almost scalded me when she poured me a drink earlier.”
“Oh?” Her eyes went cold. “Which one?”
Kael pointed to a young woman kneeling in the corner. She was in her early 20s, a distant niece of the Westons named Rachel Weston.
She usually helped with household tasks around the estate. Now, singled out, she trembled violently as tears streamed down her face.
“P-Please spare me. I didn’t mean to.” Rachel slapped herself hard across the face. “My hand slipped. I was just so nervous…”
“Nervous?” Narcissa sneered. “You were nervous serving my son? What, you think he’s not good enough to drink what you pour?”
“No. That’s not what I mean.” Rachel kept slapping herself across the face, each blow harder than the last. Her cheek swelled, her lip split, and blood trickled down her chin.
“Mom, she got my clothes wet” Kael pointed to a water stain on his shirt. Though it had already dried, he wouldn’t let it go. “This was a gift from Fallridge Haven. She ruined it.”
Narcissa’s expression darkened completely. She slowly rose and walked over to Rachel, her voice deadly cold.
“Since you can’t even pour a drink properly, then those hands of yours are useless.”
###Chapter 2756
“No-” Rachel’s scream was cut short before Narcissa raised her hand and flicked her wrist. A flash of purple light sliced through the air, and Rachel’s hands were severed cleanly at the wrists. As blood sprayed across the floor, she let out one agonized cry before losing consciousness.
Muffled gasps and stifled sobs filled the hall, but no one dared cry aloud. They were terrified of being the next victim.
“Take her away.”
Narcissa waved her hand dismissively, as if shooing off a fly. Two trembling Weston family maids shuffled forward and dragged Rachel’s limp body out, leaving a bright trail of blood behind.
“Anyone else want to challenge me?”
Narcissa asked, her piercing gaze sweeping across the room.
Everyone lowered their heads. Not a single person dared to meet her eyes.
Kael still wasn’t satisfied. He walked toward a young woman kneeling on the floor.
She was Oswald’s granddaughter, Marilyn Weston, a college freshman home for summer break to help with the family business. She was delicate and pretty, but now deathly pale with fear.
“You,” he said, pointing his riding crop at her. “Bring me some pastries. The sweet kind.”
Marilyn scrambled to her feet and practically ran to the kitchen. Moments later, she returned carrying a plate of delicate pastries and carefully set it on the table in front of the boy.
Kael picked one up, took a bite, then spat it out.
“It’s too sweet. Are you trying to make me sick?”
He flew into a rage and lashed her across the face with the crop. Marilyn screamed, and a bloody welt rose on her cheek. She clutched her face and collapsed to the floor, tears streaming down uncontrollably.
“Useless!”
He raised the crop to strike again, but Narcissa stopped him.
“Kael, that’s enough,” she said flatly, her tone dismissive. “Don’t waste your energy on mortals. It’s beneath you.” He lowered the crop but kicked Marilyn hard anyway.
“Get out of my sight!”
Marilyn crawled to the side of the room, sobbing quietly while covering her wound.
Oswald watched it all with tears streaming down his weathered face, but he didn’t dare say a word. He knew these two were far beyond anything the Weston family could handle.
Narcissa claimed to be from some hidden cultivation family. Three days ago, she’d shown up at the Weston estate and announced she’d be staying temporarily.
He had tried to politely decline at first. But she had simply waved her hand, and the Westons’ two best security guards went flying, coughing up blood.
Since then, the Weston estate had become the mother and son’s temporary residence. The entire household was forced to serve them. The slightest displeasure meant beatings or worse. By then, three staff members had already been killed.
“Mom, I’m so bored,” Kael complained, rolling around on the couch. “This place is a dump. When are we going after that bitch? I want to catch her and make her my pet.”
A cold glint flashed in Narcissa’s eyes.
“Soon,” she said. “I’ve already sensed her energy waves. She’s badly injured and couldn’t have gotten far. Once I finish things here, we’ll go find her.”
“Really?” Kael’s eyes lit up. “I want to catch that white fox too. That little beast bit me. I’m going to skin it and turn it into a scarf.”
Narcissa smiled and patted her son’s head. “Of course, darling. Whatever you want.”
Just then, a faint sound came from outside the window. Kael was the first to notice. He rushed to the window and looked outside.
“Mom, look. It’s that white fox,” he said excitedly. Under the moonlight, a pure white fox was perched on a rock in the garden. Its amber eyes were coldly fixed on the house.
“You’re right.” Narcissa walked to the window, greed gleaming in her eyes. “That fox has a strong spiritual essence. If we can capture and tame it, it’ll be a powerful asset.”
“I’ll catch it.” Kael started for the door.
“Wait.” Narcissa grabbed his arm. “That creature is cunning. It escaped last time. Let me handle this myself.”
She opened the window, and her figure blurred before appearing in the garden. The moment Narcissa emerged, Snowy turned to run. But her speed was noticeably slower than usual because her hind leg clearly hadn’t fully healed.
“Let’s see how you’re going to escape now. Narcissa sneered and thrust her hand forward. Purple light shot forth, forming a net of light that swooped down toward Snowy.
Just as the net of light was about to close, a figure in white dropped from the sky and landed gracefully in front of Snowy. With a casual wave of her sleeve, the net dissolved into nothing.
Under the moonlight, Blanche stood in flowing white robes, her long hair cascading down like a waterfall. Her pale face remained expressionless.
She bent down, gathered Snowy into her arms, and gently stroked its head. “You’re safe now.”
“It’s you!” Narcissa narrowed her eyes. Blanche, I was going to hunt you down, but here you are, delivering yourself to my doorstep.”
Blanche raised her head, her gaze cold as ice. “You and your son have been terrorizing this family and killing the innocents. Aren’t you afraid of retribution?”
“Retribution?” Narcissa sneered. “From you? A wounded stray dog who lost everything. You think you can lecture me about justice?”
As she spoke, her energy waves exploded outward. Purple energy swirled around her body, forming miniature cyclones.
The flowers and plants in the courtyard bent violently in the wind. The windows of the Weston estate rattled and cracked under the pressure.
Inside the hall, the Weston family members felt an overwhelming force crush down on them. They collapsed to the floor, and some of the weaker ones passed out entirely.
Blanche’s expression remained blank. She set Snowy aside and said coolly, “Since you refuse to see reason, don’t blame me for what happens next.”
###Chapter 2757
“How arrogant!” Narcissa roared as her hands formed a series of hand seals. A purple lightning bolt shot from her palms straight toward Blanche.
Seeing that, Blanche didn’t dodge. She just raised her right hand, and a white barrier shimmered into existence. The lightning struck the shield with a thunderous crack but dissipated harmlessly.
“How is that possible?” Narcissa’s face twisted in disbelief. “You’re seriously wounded. How can you still fight like this?”
Blanche didn’t answer. In a blur of motion, she appeared right in front of Narcissa and struck out with her palm. The attack looked effortless, yet the palm wind contained tremendous spiritual energy.
Narcissa didn’t dare to take it head-on. She retreated hastily while her hands moved rapidly, sending out purple energy blades one after another.
Blanche weaved through the barrage with ease. Each blade missed her by a breath. At the same time, she struck forward with another palm.
This time, Narcissa couldn’t dodge in time. The palm strike grazed her shoulder, and she let out a muffled grunt, stumbling back several steps.
“Mom!” From inside the house, Kael saw his mother losing ground. He screamed and jumped out the window. In his hand was a dagger gleaming with cold light, which he thrust toward Blanche’s unprotected back.
“Watch out, Kael!” Narcissa screamed in terror. Without even turning her head, Blanche flicked her hand backward. A burst of energy shot out and struck him.
He screamed and was flung away like a rag doll, slamming into an ornamental rockery. Blood sprayed from his mouth as he crumpled to the ground.
“Kael!”
Rage twisted Narcissa’s features. Purple energy flared around her hands as she lunged at Blanche, her movements wild and desperate.
Blanche’s gaze hardened, and she stopped holding back. She formed a series of hand seals, her lips moving in a silent chant. The temperature around them plummeted. In the air, snowflakes began to materialize out of thin air.
“Frostfall!”
Recognition and fear flashed across Narcissa’s face. She tried to retreat, but it was already too late. Blanche thrust her palm forward. A blast of icy force carrying countless crystal shards slammed into Narcissa.
A choked scream tore from her throat as she was hurled backward. She smashed through the courtyard wall and landed in a broken heap among the rubble. Her energy waves snuffed out like a candle, leaving no doubt about how badly she’d been hurt.
Blanche walked over and looked down at her.
“You’ve committed too many atrocities,” she said calmly. “Today is your reckoning.” Narcissa coughed up blood, her eyes burning with hatred.
“You… You just wait… We won’t let you go…
“Let them come, then,” Blanche replied indifferently and raised her hand to deliver the final blow. Just then, sharp whistling sounds tore through the air from the distance. Several figures descended from the night sky and landed in the courtyard.
At the front stood an elderly man in sage-green robes. His hair and beard were white, but his face was ruddy and his eyes sharp. He took in the scene with a single glance, then frowned slightly.
“Hold it,” he said. His voice wasn’t loud, but it carried an undeniable authority. Blanche’s hand froze midair, and she turned to him. “Mr. Greenwood, are you taking their side?”
The elderly man, Octavius Greenwood, sighed.
“Ms. Frost, one should be merciful where mercy is due. While Narcissa has committed a sin, it doesn’t warrant death. Please spare the mother and son for my sake.”
“And if I refuse?” Blanche frowned. “Then, you leave me no choice but to intervene,” Octavius replied, and any trace of warmth vanished from his face.
“Do you truly wish to make an enemy of me?” she asked, her eyes turning icy.
“I’ve been entrusted with this task and must fulfill my duty. Today, I will not stand idly by and do nothing,” Octavius replied evenly
He went on, “I am aware of your capabilities, Ms. Frost. But you are injured and haven’t fully recovered. Dealing with all of us here would not be easy for you. Besides… once we start fighting, none of these mortals will survive. Are you really willing to see them die?”
Blanche fell silent. She glanced down at Snowy in her arms, then at the terrified family members huddled inside the Weston estate. Finally, she lowered her hand.
“Fine,” she said coldly. “I’ll give you this courtesy, Mr. Greenwood. But they must leave immediately and swear never to trouble these people again.”
Octavius nodded, then he turned his gaze toward Narcissa, who lay amid the rubble.
Did you hear that?”
Narcissa gritted her teeth. However, left with no choice, she could only nod weakly. “Got… Got it.”
“Then, leave at once.”
With a wave of his hand, a gentle force lifted Narcissa and the unconscious Kael, carrying them out of the courtyard. Blanche watched them disappear, the cold in her eyes didn’t thaw, only hardened. She knew this matter was far from over.
After all, Narcissa was the type to hold grudges and wait for the perfect moment to strike back. But with Octavius standing in the way, there was nothing more Blanche could do tonight.
“Ms. Frost, until we meet again,” he said with a polite salute, then left swiftly with his people. She murmured quietly, “Looks like I’ll need to call for help.”
She formed a hand seal, then the spiritual energy gathered and condensed into the form of a luminous messenger-hawk. It spread its wings and took flight, quickly disappearing into the night sky.
###Chapter 2758
The night wind swept over the Weston estate, carrying a biting chill mixed with the lingering stench of smoke and blood.
Narcissa fled Oakvale in disgrace, cradling the severely injured and unconscious Kael as a handful of loyal guards escorted her out of the city. They sought temporary refuge in a hidden outpost deep within the remote mountains.
The monastery there had been abandoned for years. Amid the crumbling walls and shattered pillars, a few side rooms were still mostly intact.
Moonlight filtered through the broken window frames, casting over her twisted, pale face and sharpening its sinister angles.
“Mom… It hurts…” Kael murmured, still unconscious, his small body curling in pain. Narcissa carefully laid him on a broken bed covered with thick blankets and checked his injuries.
Although Blanche’s strike hadn’t killed Kael outright, her icy spiritual energy had infiltrated his circulatory pathways, severely damaging his fragile core. Without immediate treatment, the damage could be permanent.
“Blanche… I’ll make sure you die a miserable death,” Narcissa hissed through gritted teeth, her eyes burning with hatred.
She was a distant relative of a reclusive family. Even without the prestige of the main family, she had always been proud and arrogant.
All her life, she had never suffered such humiliation, especially not in front of her son, and certainly not at the hands of a wounded peer.
Narcissa took out a precious healing pill and fed it to Kael, then used her internal energy to stabilize his disrupted energy pathways.
She worked through the night until dawn. His breathing finally steadied, and he sank into a deep sleep, though his face remained deathly pale.
Watching her son suffer had pushed Narcissa’s killing intent to its limit. She left her room and stepped into the dilapidated courtyard outside.
Three of her long-serving family retainers, who also acted as her guards, were already there. Each of them was a late-stage First-Circle Arcanist, and their strengths were not to be dismissed. Ragnar, the sinister-looking middle-aged head guard, greeted respectfully, “Lady Narcissa.”
“Have you contacted them?” she asked hoarsely.
“I’ve already sent a message back to the main family through the secret channel,” he replied. “We reported the situation here, especially Blanche’s whereabouts and her injuries, as well as her protection of mortals.”
“And what was their response?”
“They issued a direct order,” Ragnar replied, lowering his voice.
He went on, “They stated that Blanche is a remnant of the Frost family who carries clues related to ‘that .’ Her life is of great importance. She must be captured alive, or at the very least, ensure whatever she carries doesn’t fall into the hands of outsiders.
“They have dispatched three Shadow Guard teams and were personally led by Elder Sevran, who’s at Core-Forged level. They’re on their way and should arrive by tomorrow evening at the latest.”
“They’re sending the Shadow Guards? And Elder Sevran is leading them?” Narcissa first looked shocked, then ecstatic. “Great! Perfect timing. With him and the Shadow Guards, Blanche can’t escape even if she grows wings.”
She paced the courtyard, and the bitter hatred in her gaze hardened into a savage kind of thrill.
“Once Elder Sevran arrives, I’ll personally destroy Blanche’s cultivation. Then, I’ll throw her into the family’s water dungeons and let the frost-poison gnaw at her heart for eternity. As for that damn white fox, I’ll skin it alive and make Kael a new scarf.”
“Lady Narcissa…”
One guard hesitated before reminding her, “Mr. Greenwood seems inclined to protect Blanche. If he hadn’t intervened yesterday, we might not have escaped.
“Though Elder Sevran is powerful, Mr. Greenwood has considerable prestige among rogue cultivators and good relations with several families. If conflict arises…”
“Octavius Greenwood?” Narcissa snorted disdainfully. “He’s just an old waste who got lucky breaking through into the core formation level and wallows among rogue cultivators. How dare he meddle in the affairs of the Jornells of Amethysius?
“If he knows what’s good for him, he’ll step aside. But if he dares to interfere, we’ll take him down too. With a mid-level Core-Forged expert like Elder Sevran backing us, taking down Octavius will be easy.”
Narcissa paused, a cruel smile spreading across her face.
“As for those mortals… The Weston family … They dared to laugh at my disgrace. Before Elder Sevran arrives, we’ll go give them a taste of retribution.”
Ragnar’s heart tightened. “Lady Narcissa, you mean…”
“Back to the Weston estate,” she said through clenched teeth. “Doesn’t Blanche care about those mortals’ lives? Doesn’t she love playing the saint and protecting them? Then, I’ll show her what will happen to those ants when she sticks her nose where it doesn’t belong.”
“If Mr. Greenwood finds out, things could turn ugly,” he said.
“He just happened to be there yesterday,” Narcissa said. “Would he really protect a group of insignificant mortals?”
Her eyes flashed with malice as she added, “Besides, Octavius owes my family a favor.
He won’t dare to interfere.
“Mobilize all the men immediately. I want the Weston family wiped out completely and burn the place to the ground. By the time Blanche hears about it and rushes over, there’ll be nothing left but ashes. I want her drowning in guilt, suffering in pain, and completely broken.”
The three guards exchanged glances. They knew that Narcissa was consumed by rage and vengeance. Reason wouldn’t reach her now.
They could only comply.
“Yes, Lady Narcissa.”
###Chapter 2759
As night deepened, Blanche traveled with Snowy, but they didn’t venture far from Oakvale. She found a secluded cave in a remote forest area to rest and recover from her injuries.
Yesterday’s battle with Narcissa had ended in her favor, but it had aggravated old wounds. She needed time to stabilize her condition.
Snowy lay quietly beside her, licking her front paw. Its amber eyes occasionally glanced toward the cave entrance with watchful alertness. Blanche’s thoughts were far from peaceful. She knew Narcissa’s vindictive nature all too well.
If Octavius hadn’t suddenly appeared and vouched for Narcissa, she would never have let Narcissa leave so easily. He seemed impartial on the surface, but his attitude was ambiguous, as if he had hidden motives.
And behind Narcissa stood the Jornells of Amethysius, a powerful force among the hidden cultivator families, known for their ruthless methods.
“The Weston family…”
Blanche thought of those ordinary people trembling under Narcissa’s tyranny and sighed inwardly.
She’d intervened partly for Snowy, but also because she couldn’t stand watching Narcissa and her son slaughter innocent people indiscriminately.
But if she could save them once, could she save them forever? She had her own troubles now, surrounded by powerful enemies on all sides.
She took out the medicine Dustin had given her and swallowed another tablet. The medicine spread through her body, nourishing her damaged circulatory pathways.
Dustin, that young man who couldn’t use his cultivation but possessed extraordinary medical skills. The pendant he’d given her was still with her, warm and smooth to the touch. He’d said that if she ever needed help, she could find him. 2
But what could an ordinary mortal do in Oakvale, where dangerous undercurrents were swirling?
Blanche shook her head, pushing aside those distracting thoughts, and focused on circulating her internal energy. She hadn’t expected retaliation to come so swiftly and so brutally. At the Weston estate, everyone was on edge. They were jittery and restless as if a sudden alarm had gone off.
Oswald seemed to have aged ten years overnight. He forced himself to stay strong, directing family members to clean up the aftermath and treat the injured.
Rachel, whose hand had been severed, had nearly bled out. Though they’d managed to save her life, she was now permanently disabled and on the verge of mental collapse.
Marilyn, with her now injured face, and the other wounded family members were all submerged in fear and grief.
Oswald took out several treasured antique and gold artifacts from the family collection. He wanted to sell everything and relocate the entire family to somewhere in the south with their distant relatives, far from this dangerous place.
Before they could even begin to act, doom arrived at their doorstep.
Narcissa returned with her three guards, appearing directly at the entrance of the Weston estate. She’d tried to cover the injuries on her face with powder, but the venom and murderous intent in her eyes were impossible to hide.
“You… Why have you come back?”
The Weston family’s housekeeper, guarding the gate, saw them and turned deathly pale. He turned to run inside and raise the alarm.
Ragnar scoffed, raising his hand and releasing an energy pulse. It pierced through the housekeeper’s back, and he collapsed without a sound.
Narcissa didn’t even glance at the body as she strode into the estate.
Members of the Weston family who heard the commotion rushed out. When they saw the vengeful cultivators had returned, despair washed over them.
“Please… Please spare us, Lady Narcissa.”
Oswald dropped to his knees, tears streaming down his weathered face.
“We meant no disrespect. What happened yesterday was purely accidental. We’ll give you everything we own, so please show mercy and spare us.”
“Everything you own?”
Narcissa sneered, her gaze sweeping over the trembling crowd like they were sheep waiting for slaughter.
“You think the possessions of ants like you are worth my attention? I’m here to collect a debt. The debt you owe for laughing at me and causing my humiliation.”
“No…. Please don’t!” Marilyn screamed and held on tightly to her trembling mother.
“Who should I start with?” Narcissa smiled cruelly, her eyes settling on Oswald. ” You’re the family patriarch, so I’ll begin with you.”
She flicked her finger, and a bolt of violet lightning shot out, striking him in the chest
“Dad!”
“Grandpa!”
The Weston family cried out in anguish.
“Kill them. Leave no one alive,” Narcissa said coldly, issuing the death sentence. Ragnar charged into the crowd first, his curved blade reaping lives like Death’s own scythe. Each swing brought a spray of blood and piercing screams.
The other two guards showed no mercy either. Sword aura cut through the air while deadly strikes found their marks.
Oswald tried to resist, but Narcissa hit him with a violet lightning palm strike to his forehead. He went down instantly, eyes frozen in shock and dead before he even knew it. Marilyn and her mother clung to each other before a blade strike cut them both down.
Rachel, who had lost her hands and was lying in bed, heard the screams outside and struggled in terror. A guard burst into her room and crushed her chest with a single stomp.
Housekeepers, maids, children, and elders cried out for mercy, regardless of age or gender. Their pleas and screams merged into a single, horrifying chorus as death claimed them. Blood coated the courtyards, hallways, and rooms. The metallic stench hung thick in the air.
Narcissa stood in the center of the courtyard, watching the massacre indifferently. There was even a hint of satisfaction in her eyes.
She deliberately hadn’t ordered a quick execution, instead letting her guards take their time so she could savor the fear and suffering of the Weston family in their final moments.
About 15 minutes later, there wasn’t a single living soul left in the Weston estate aside from her and her three guards. Corpses littered the grounds, and the scene was too horrific to describe.
###Chapter 2760
“Lady Narcissa, everything’s been taken care of,” Ragnar reported. Narcissa nodded, her gaze sweeping across the blood-soaked estate. Her eyes held no compassion, only disgust.
“Burn it. Burn it all to the ground. I don’t want a single stone left standing.” The guards moved immediately, splashing gasoline that they had prepared throughout the estate. Once the torches dropped, flames roared to life, devouring the wooden structures, furniture, and the bodies of the innocent.
Fire lit up the sky as thick smoke billowed upward. The Weston estate, once an impressive property, groaned and crackled as the inferno consumed it, reducing everything to ash.
“Let’s go,” Narcissa said. She took one last look at the burning scene before leading her guards away and disappearing into the night.
Shortly after they left, a streak of blue light descended from the sky and landed in front of the blazing Weston estate.
Octavius gazed at the carnage before him.
He could sense the lingering traces of Narcissa and her party in the air, along with the thick stench of blood and vengeful energy that permeated everything. His expression darkened at the sight.
“Monstrous! Absolutely monstrous!”
Shock and anger flashed across his face. He hadn’t expected Narcissa to go this far. She had completely disregarded his warning and wiped out an entire family.
Octavius stood outside the inferno, watching the flames reach toward the sky. He let out a long sigh, his eyes filled with conflicting emotions-anger, helplessness, and a trace of regret that was hard to detect. He’d underestimated Narcissa’s cruelty. Just to satisfy a petty grudge, she’d annihilated an entire mortal family.
He suddenly realized he might have aided a tyrant’s evil deeds, bringing unnecessary karma upon himself.
Octavius shook his head and sighed in resignation. He left with a sweep of his robes.
The next morning arrived. After a night of meditation to stabilize her injuries, Blanche’s condition had somewhat improved. She left the temporary cave shelter with Snowy, then planned to go to Oakvale to gather information and search for medicinal herbs that might aid her recovery.
As she approached the outskirts of the city, an uneasy feeling crept over her. The air carried a burnt smell mixed with something deeply unsettling.
Following her instincts, she made her way to the neighborhood where she’d visited the Weston estate yesterday. What she saw hit her like a lightning bolt, and her blood seemed to freeze in her veins.
Where the Weston estate had stood, only charred ruins remained, wisps of smoke still rising from the wreckage. Broken walls, scattered debris, twisted blackened beams reaching toward the sky like accusing fingers.
A few s that hadn’t been completely consumed by fire were barely recognizable, reduced to carbon husks.
The entire area was cordoned off with official barriers. Several guards patrolled the perimeter, speaking in low voices, their faces showing a mixture of fear and grim concern.
In the distance, townspeople gathered in small clusters, pointing and whispering. Fragments of their conversations drifted over.
“It’s terrible. The whole household, with dozens of people, and not one managed to escape.”
“What a tragedy. Who could they have crossed to deserve this?”
“They’re saying it was a fire, but what kind of fire burns that fiercely? Not a single survivor.”
Blanche stood frozen in place. Snowy seemed to sense something, too, pressing anxiously against her legs with soft whimpers. She walked slowly toward the ruins, ignoring the police cordon. An officer moved to stop her, but her bone-chilling presence made him hesitate and fall back.
Stepping into the wreckage, her boots crunched over hot ash and debris. Though her divine sense was still limited by her injuries and couldn’t extend far, her close-range perception was clear enough.
Blanche saw charred bone fragments embedded in the scorched earth and caught the scent of blood and death that even intense flames couldn’t fully mask. Countless echoes of terror, agony, and despair stabbed at her senses like frozen needles.
This wasn’t an accidental fire but a massacre, a complete extermination. They’d been slaughtered first, then burned to destroy the evidence. But who did it? The answer hit her almost instantly-Narcissa.
Yesterday, Blanche wounded Narcissa here and saved the Weston family. Then, Octavius had intervened and forced Narcissa to retreat. In just one day, the entire Weston family had been slaughtered, and their estate burned to the ground.
Who else could have done something like this but that merciless, vengeful Narcissa? Every act was a warning to Blanche, a ruthless display of her fury.
“It happens because of me…” Blanche muttered, her voice carrying a tremor she couldn’t quite hide. A fire flared in her cold, clear eyes for the first time. A fury that was both chilling and searing, capable of freezing a soul and scorching everything around it.
She could see it in her mind that those innocent people were crying out in despair, running, and then cut down without mercy.
Yesterday, she had stepped in to stop the violence and save lives. But the outcome was devastating. Her intervention had led to the Westons being completely wiped out.
Narcissa didn’t dare confront her directly, so she turned her hatred on innocent people instead. It wasn’t her fault. Still, the weight of their deaths pressed heavily on her chest. Snowy nuzzled her hand and tried to comfort Blanche.
She looked down and gently stroked the fox’s head.
Her eyes hardened. She spoke slowly, her voice calm but icy. “Narcissa… The Jornells of Amethysius… You treat human lives like toys, slaughtering the innocent to satisfy your rage. The world will not forgive such cruelty. If I don’t avenge them, I shouldn’t call myself human.”
###Chapter 2761
After leaving the ruins of the Weston estate, Blanche didn’t go far. She took Snowy to a secluded cave in the wilderness outside Oakvale and set up a basic concealment spell before settling in to plan her next move.
“Narcissa holds grudges. The massacre at the Weston estate must have felt like sweet revenge to her,” she said, sitting cross-legged with cold determination in her eyes. “But she won’t stop there. I need to eliminate this threat.”
Snowy lay beside her, looking up and letting out a soft whine. Blanche stroked its head. “You think we should strike back, too, don’t you? Just hiding won’t solve anything. Besides…” The image of the charred ruins flashed through her mind. “Those innocent people can’t have died for nothing.”
She pulled out the pendant Dustin had given her and ran her fingers over its smooth surface, lost in thought. Dustin might not be able to use his cultivation, but his medical skills were exceptional, and he carried himself with uncommon presence. He’d probably had some unusual encounters in his past.
However, the current situation involved a cultivator family and an extremely dangerous territory. Blanche didn’t want to drag ordinary mortals into this mess.
“But I might be able to use this to my advantage,” she said, her eyes narrowing slightly. She recalled the two distinct energy waves she’d sensed in the park a few days ago Evander and Elowen.
Those two were clearly from another hidden family. Their energy waves ran deep, their cultivation was solid, and they seemed to regard the mortal world with a detached indifference. It was completely unlike Narcissa, who was arrogant and domineering.
They were in Oakvale for a reason. If Blanche could steer Narcissa toward them, she might create some chaos. Maybe even get them to eliminate each other.
Blanche pondered for a long time before finally shaking her head. The safest approach was still to rely on herself and the limited allies she could reach.
She closed her eyes and focused. Her fingertip traced through the air in front of her, her mana weaving into a complex pattern of light
This was a secret communication technique unique to the Frost family. Due to the family’s recent misfortunes, there were few people left she could contact, and the range of those she could contact was limited. But it was worth trying.
The glowing pattern flickered a few times before fading away, with no immediate response. Blanche wasn’t discouraged. She’d known it was a long shot.
“Time to ‘escape,” she said, opening her eyes with a cold smile. She deliberately left faint traces of her energy waves in a small area, directing attention northwest of Oakvale toward the vast mountain range.
The terrain there was treacherous and nearly uninhabited. The area was a common refuge for cultivators seeking to fight or hide. She also let a wisp of her energy wave “accidentally” brush against a low-level wandering cultivator passing through the mountain’s outskirts.
With that done, Blanche and Snowy headed deeper into the northwestern mountains. But she didn’t go straight in. Instead, she found a hidden spot at the edge of a valley surrounded by peaks on three sides and began setting up a formation.
This wasn’t her specialty, but the Frost family archives included a volume on formations, and her natural talent had allowed her to study the basics.
She pulled out the few celestial stones she had left, along with some materials containing spiritual energy, and used the valley’s natural terrain to create a composite trap formation-the Mistbinding Trap.
Once activated, the formation would generate fog to obscure vision and partially block divine sense detection. It would also slow the flow of spiritual energy in anyone who entered.
The limited materials meant it wasn’t strong enough to trap or kill powerful cultivators, but it could create chaos and buy her time
The formation took most of the day to complete and drained the spiritual energy she’d meant to use for healing. But her eyes remained resolute, without hesitation.
“Now I wait,” Blanche said, swallowing a tablet and sitting cross-legged at the formation’s core to meditate.
Snowy crouched on a rock outside the formation, eyes sharp as it kept watch. Two days later, outside the northwestern mountain range near Oakvale. Narcissa’s face darkened as she listened to her subordinate’s report.
“Lady Narcissa, we followed that faint trace of energy waves and found signs of Blanche’s presence about 100 miles to the northwest. There are definite traces of healing and meditation,” Ragnar reported respectfully.
“The northwestern mountains?” Narcissa sneered. “Of course, she’d try to hide in the wilderness to recover. Does she think I won’t find her there?”
“Elder Sevran and the Shadow Guards will arrive in Oakvale tomorrow. Should we wait for him before…” another guard suggested cautiously.
“Wait?” Narcissa shrieked. “By then, that bitch might have recovered and fled! She’s badly wounded now, and this is the perfect time to capture her.
“Plus, Elder Sevran wants her alive. If we catch her first, won’t that be a major achievement? Even if we can’t capture her, we can wound her further and corner her. Once he arrives, taking her will be child’s play.”
Just thinking about Blanche made her teeth grind with hatred. Her son’s wounds hadn’t fully healed, and the cold poison still left him writhing and screaming. Each outburst stoked her rage.
The massacre at the Weston estate had offered some relief, but nothing would satisfy her like finally capturing Blanche.
###Chapter 2762
“But Blanche is quite strong, Lady Narcissa. She managed to injure you yesterday,” the guard said, voicing his concern. “Even though you were caught off guard, her Frostfall technique is truly formidable. The four of us-”
“What are you afraid of?” Narcissa snapped impatiently. “She’s badly wounded, and her strength has been seriously weakened. With the four of us working together, and my Violebolt Orb in hand, can’t we handle one wounded opponent?
“Besides, my husband knows I’m taking care of things here. If I’m ever in real danger, the protective charm he left me will activate. He’ll be able to sense it, then come to my aid.”
At the mention of her husband, a flicker of pride crossed her eyes. Her husband, Alarion Jornell, held considerable status among the younger generation of the Jornells of Amethysius. His cultivation had reached the early stage of Core-Forged Arcanist, and he cherished her above all.
Seeing that Narcissa had made up her mind, the three guards fell in line.
“We’re at your command, Lady Narcissa.”
“Send word to Elder Sevran. Tell him Blanche may be fleeing toward the northwestern mountains. We’ll track her down first and request that he come with reinforcements immediately,” she ordered.
With a sharp wave of her hand, she added, ”
Move out. Today, that wretch will have nowhere to escape.”
Four streaks of light shot into the sky, racing toward the northwest mountains. Fueled by her thirst for revenge and eager to prove herself, Narcissa didn’t notice how conveniently this lead had come. Blanche’s eyes snapped open in the valley.
“They’re here,” she murmured to herself. Through a faint signal sent by Snowy using their unique link, she knew at least four powerful presences were rapidly approaching. One of them carried that detestable purple lightning spiritual energy that could only belong to Narcissa.
Blanche took a deep breath to suppress the dull ache from her injuries, her eyes sharpening with resolve. In one swift motion, she slipped away from the heart of the formation and took up a position near the valley entrance, with a clear line of sight and an easy retreat
Moments later, the air split with sharp whooshing sounds as four figures landed just outside the valley entrance. It was Narcissa and her three guards.
As soon as she arrived, she surveyed the valley ahead. The mist inside was slightly thicker than in the surrounding mountains, but nothing out of the ordinary.
She scanned the valley with her divine sense and found no obvious disturbances or strong energy fluctuations. Only a faint chill lingered deep within the valley.
Narcissa scoffed. “So, you’re hiding here after all. This mist might provide some cover, but it can’t hide that icy aura of yours.”
She was certain Blanche was somewhere in the valley, nursing her wounds. Her confidence surged, and killing intent blazed in her eyes.
“Blanche, get the fuck out! Did you really think hiding in this ravine would keep me from finding you?” Narcissa gathered her spiritual energy. Her voice cut through the valley, echoing off the cliffs.
“You saw what happened to those insects from the Weston family, right? That’s what happens to anyone who stands against me. Today, I’ll make sure you suffer ten times worse than they did.”
A moment of silence fell over the valley. Then, a clear, cold voice echoed from the mist, calm and steady but carrying a piercing chill.
“Narcissa, you’ve slaughtered innocents and wiped out entire families. No wrongdoing goes unpunished. Today, I will see justice done for those who died unjustly.”
Before the words finished echoing, a figure in white emerged slowly from the mist. It was Blanche. Her face was still somewhat pale, but she stood tall, her icy gaze fixed on Narcissa and her guards.
“Justice? And you think you’re in any position to demand it?” Narcissa sneered. When Blanche stepped into view, the faintness of her energy waves erased Narcissa’s last trace of doubt. She threw her head back and laughed.
“Blanche, you’re staring death in the face and still talking tough.”
She furned to her guards and barked, “Get her! I want her alive. Break her core first, then destroy her arms and legs.”
At her command, the three guards moved in unison. They split apart and closed in from different angles, forming a triangle as their weapons flared with spiritual light.
Blanche looked ready to meet them head-on. But just as the three were about to surround her, she suddenly leaped backward. Her hands formed seals as she called out, ” Formation activated!”
At that moment, the mist in the valley seemed to twist and thicken as if stirred by an invisible hand. It rolled and curved, swallowing Narcissa, her three guards, and Blanche. The mist did more than block their sight as it also disrupted their divine sense.
Narcissa felt her senses pushing outward only to sink as if into quicksand, unable to reach far. Even more alarming, the flow of her spiritual energy had inexplicably slowed.
“A formation? You actually set up a formation?”
Her shock turned to anger. She hadn’t expected Blanche to have this trick up her sleeve, but she quickly regained her composure.
“Just a cheap trick. What can a formation laid by your wounded body possibly do to me? Break it!” She brought out the Violebolt Orb, and purple lightning erupted, attempting to disperse the mist and strike the formation’s nodes.
The three guards also employed their techniques, attacking in all directions. However, the Mistbinding Trap borrowed power from the valley’s terrain. Its formation nodes were well hidden, and it wasn’t designed for powerful direct attacks.
For the moment, the lightning and sword aura vanished into the thick mist, creating ripples without immediately breaking the formation.
At that moment, Blanche’s figure flickered in and out of the mist. An ice spike shot from nowhere, followed by a chilling palm strike. The attacks weren’t overwhelmingly strong, but paired with the formation’s interference, they threw Narcissa and her guards off balance.
###Chapter 2763
“Bitch! All you do is attack from the shadows!” Narcissa shouted. Her anger boiled over as she directed her guards to attack in the direction Blanche had appeared.
Blanche fought as she fell back, seeming to be driven deeper into the valley. In reality, she was leading Narcissa and the others straight into the heart of the formation, right into the trap she had set.
Just as Narcissa’s frustration peaked and she was ready to use her strongest divine artifacts to break through the formation, something unexpected happened. Several beams of light suddenly appeared along the cliffs on both sides of the valley.
Moments later, five figures streaked downward, landing in a part of the formation where the mist was thinner. They had subtly surrounded Narcissa and her three guards.
All five were dressed in white, their sleeves decorated with faint cloud patterns. There were three men and two women, all in the mid to late-stage Adept realm. Leading them was a middle-aged woman whose presence was calm and commanding, at the peak-stage Adept realm.
“Aunt Aveline!” Blanche’s eyes finally flickered with emotion when she saw her. She quickly retreated to the middle-aged woman’s side. The middle-aged woman, Aveline Frost, had striking features and eyes that blended determination with the weight of experience.
She quickly assessed Blanche-noting that though her injuries were serious, she wasn’t in immediate danger-and gave a slight nod. Then, her cold gaze settled on Narcissa, who looked slightly flustered in the mist.
“The Jornells of Amethysius, you have some nerve! Not only did you hunt down the last heir of my family, but you even carried out a massacre in the mortal world. Do you really think this entire world answers to you?”
Her voice was low, yet it carried clearly to everyone, sharp with unwavering righteous authority. Narcissa finally realized she’d walked into a trap.
It turned out Blanche hadn’t been fleeing in panic. Instead, she’d deliberately revealed her location to lure them here. She had set the ambush with the formation and the reinforcements that had appeared out of nowhere.
“You… You’re the remnants of the Frost family!” Narcissa shouted. Her shock turned to anger, but she quickly sized up the situation. There were only five of them, and the strongest was barely at the peak-stage Adept realm.
Even with the formation weakening their power, four were at the Adept realm, while she was in the late-stage Adept realm with her divine artifact in hand. So, they could still put up a fight. Besides, Elder Sevran would arrive soon.
“So what if we are?” Aveline retorted coldly. “Today, we’ll start collecting the blood debt for the dozens of innocent lives from the Weston family.”
“You think you stand a chance?” Narcissa forced herself to stay composed, letting out a sharp laugh.
“You’re nothing but a bunch of fugitives barking empty threats. Once our Elder arrives, every last one of you is dead, wiped out without a trace. Hand over Blanche and the item right now, and I might be generous enough to let you die quickly.”
“Stubborn fool!”
Aveline was done talking to Narcissa, then she waved her hand.
“Forin the Lesser Five Elements Sword Formation! Blanche, get some rest and don’t push yourself. Leave this to us.”
“Got it!” the other four Frost family members responded in unison. They quickly took their positions. Sword light flashed as their energy waves linked, forming a compact formation in an instant.
Sharp energy crackled, locking onto Narcissa and her guards. They were clearly well-trained with seamless coordination. Narcissa knew she couldn’t wait any longer. She had to end this quickly before the sword formation fully deployed.
“Attack!” she shouted. “Kill their leader first!”
She activated the Violebolt Orb that transformed into a thick bolt of purple lightning that shot straight toward Aveline.
The battle erupted in an instant. Sword light and lightning flashed together as spells and divine artifacts clashed with thunderous booms that echoed through the valley.
The five-person sword formation led by Aveline combined offense and defense seamlessly. Sword aura crisscrossed the battlefield, splitting Narcissa’s group of four apart.
The Mistbinding Trap continued to operate, disrupting Narcissa’s side by impeding their spiritual energy flow and slowing their coordination.
Blanche withdrew to the side, taking healing pills to recover while keeping her eyes locked on the battle. She knew Aveline and the others had rushed here after receiving her message and taken great risks to come.
Though their strength was considerable, Narcissa had a spiritual artifact, and her guards were no pushovers either. A prolonged battle wouldn’t favor the Frosts, so they had to end this battle quickly.
As expected, Narcissa relied on the Violebolt Orb’s power to barely hold off Aveline’s attacks. But her three guards struggled desperately under the sword formation maintained by the four Frost family members. One wrong move and it could be their last.
In less than 30 minutes, one guard was pierced through the chest by a cunningly angled sword aura and died screaming.
“Damn it!”
Seeing that, Narcissa panicked. She bit her tongue hard and sprayed a mouthful of blood onto the Violebolt Orb. The orb blazed with intensified purple light, its power surging as it transformed into countless lightning serpents that furiously bombarded the sword formation.
The formation shook violently. Aveline’s face paled slightly, but she gritted her teeth and held on, directing the formation’s transformation. The sword light contracted into a defensive posture while waiting for opportunities to counterattack.
A few moments later, the second guard was killed by two intersecting sword auras. Only Ragnar remained. He was still holding on, but he was already covered in wounds.
Narcissa realized they were outmatched and began to plan her retreat. She pushed the Violebolt Orb forward in a furious attack while secretly crushing a charm hidden in her sleeve to send a silent call to her husband, Alarion.
“Trying to escape?”
Aveline saw through her intention. The sword formation suddenly shifted from defense to offense. Five sword lights merged into one, forming a brilliant white arc that carried biting cold intent straight toward Narcissa.
This strike combined the power of all five cultivators, enhanced by the formation’s frost energy. Its power was devastating. Narcissa’s face went white with terror as she pushed the Violebolt Orb to its limit to defend herself.
The white arc collided with the purple lightning, unleashing a shockwave that dispersed large swaths of the surrounding mist. The Violebolt Orb let out a mournful cry as its light dimmed and it flew backward.
Narcissa took the impact, coughing up blood and staggering back. Her energy waves weakened dramatically.
###Chapter 2764
Seeing the situation turn against them, Ragnar turned to flee, but the two members from the Frost family caught up with him. With a flash of sword light, his head separated from his body. Just like that, only Narcissa remained. She was gravely injured and collapsed to the ground.
Aveline approached, her sword pointed at Narcissa’s throat. Four other Frost family members closed in, cutting off all escape routes. Blanche walked over as well, staring coldly at the person responsible for the massacre of the Weston family.
Narcissa’s hair hung loose and disheveled, her body covered in blood. The arrogance she once carried was gone, replaced by fear and bitter resentment.
“You… You dare kill me?” she screamed. ” My husband is Alarion. The Jornells of Amethysius won’t let you get away with this. Elder Sevran will arrive any moment. All of you must die.”
Blanche stood before her, looking down without a trace of mercy. Only cold killing intent showed in her eyes.
“The Weston family had dozens of people, all of them innocent mortals. Tell me. Did any of them threaten you? Did you spare a single life?”
Narcissa froze, then screamed hysterically, “Why should anyone care about insects like that? Dying by my hand was an honor!”
She continued, “Blanche, if you dare touch me, my husband will rip your soul out and refine it until there’s nothing left of you to reincarnate. As for the rest of the remnants of the Frost family, you will all be wiped from existence.”
“You’re hopeless.”
Blanche slowly raised the ice sword that had formed in her hand, its blade gleaming with cold light. “Your threats won’t save you. The blood debt to the Weston family can only be repaid with your life.”
“No! You can’t kill me. My husband…”
Narcissa’s terror overwhelmed her. Tears and snot streamed down her face, all semblance of a noble lady gone.
Blanche ignored her rambling. The memory of the charred ruins and the silently extinguished souls flashed through her mind. Her eyes gleamed with cold light as she swung her ice sword without hesitation.
The blade swung down, and Narcissa’s shouts and threats ended abruptly. A head rolled to the ground, eyes wide with unending hatred and fear. As the headless body fell, blood spread across the ground.
This proud and ruthless member of the Jornells of Amethysius, who treated life as nothing, had finally paid the ultimate price for her crimes.
Blanche looked at Narcissa’s body. No triumph stirred in her, only an icy stillness. She slid her ice sword back into its sheath and faced Aveline and the others.
“Aunt Aveline, thank you for coming,” she said.
Aveline shook her head, her expression grave.
“Blanche, we shouldn’t stay here. Narcissa must have sent a message before she died. The Elder Sevran she mentioned is likely a Core-Forged Arcanist. Her husband, Alarion, is dangerous as well. We must leave at once.”
“You’re right,” Blanche replied with a nod. “Let’s leave now.”
Aveline quickly gathered the Violebolt Orb and Narcissa’s storage pouch. Without wasting a moment, they turned and shot off on beams of light in the direction opposite Oakvale. They soon disappeared into the depths of the mountain forest.
In the valley, only a few corpses remained, along with mist that hadn’t quite dissipated and the heavy stench of blood.
About half an hour later, a violent streak of cyan light shot across the sky at incredible speed and crashed down into the valley. As the light faded, a young man in teal robes emerged.
His face, which would normally be refined and handsome, was now twisted with fury. This was Narcissa’s husband, Alarion.
After receiving his partner’s distress signal, he spared no effort, pouring out his essence to activate a secret technique and rush here as fast as he could. Even so, he was still a step too late.
“Narcissa!”
Alarion caught sight of his wife’s body, her head torn from her shoulders. Rage and horror flooded him, and a raw, animalistic howl tore from his throat.
He stumbled to her side, hands shaking as he lifted Narcissa’s head. He felt it in her fading spirit, the endless rage and hatred she carried in death. Grief and fury crashed through him, shattering his reason in an instant
“Who? Who did this?”
Alarion threw his head back and let out a deafening roar. His Core-Forged Arcanist aura erupted without restraint, shaking the valley. Rocks tumbled from the cliffs as the ground trembled beneath him.
Amid the chaos, he spotted the bodies of the fallen guards. The air still carried the lingering chill of Blanche’s icy energy, along with faint traces of unfamiliar sword auras.
“Blanche!” Alarion snarled. “A remnant of the Frost family, and she wasn’t alone.” He gritted his teeth. The whites of his eyes were streaked red, his expression twisted with rage and venom.
“Fine,” he said. “You killed my wife. That makes this a blood feud, and it ends with you. I’m going to tear you apart, Blanche. I’ll rip your soul out and grind it down until there’s nothing left.
“I’ll make you suffer every torment this world has to offer, so you will never be reborn. Also, those who helped you and every last remnant of the Frost family will die the same way.”
Violent spiritual energy raged around him, pulverizing the surrounding rocks and vegetation. He carefully gathered Narcissa’s remains and stored them away. Then, he began to scour the scene, focusing on every lingering trace of energy waves.
“They fled west, but they won’t escape.”
Alarion smiled viciously and pulled out an ancient bronze mirror. He bit his finger, smeared blood across its surface, and formed several hand seals.
The mirror glowed with an eerie light. Within its surface, several blurred streaks of light appeared, fleeing westward.
“Found them Blanche, and those damned accomplices of yours, not one of you will escape.”
Alarion put away the mirror and transformed into a cyan streak of light boiling with killing intent, racing westward in pursuit. His speed now outpaced even his arrival, showing he no longer held anything back.
The valley fell silent again. Only wreckage remained, along with the lingering stench of blood. It was a sign that this vendetta, sparked by mortal lives, was about to spiral into something far more brutal.
The storm was just beginning.
###Chapter 2765
After leaving the valley, Blanche, Aveline, and the others didn’t dare to stop to rest. Instead, they flew west at full speed. Drawing on her wealth of experience, Aveline chose mostly remote paths where the complex terrain and chaotic spiritual energy made it easy to hide their tracks.
“Blanche, how is your injury?” she asked, her eyes darting behind them for any sign of pursuit. “It’s under control after taking the pill,” Blanche replied. The color hadn’t returned to her face, but her eyes stayed sharp.
“It’s just that my spiritual energy is recovering slowly. Narcissa’s Violebolt energy is proving stubborn to clear, and the frost poison still flares up occasionally. Aveline nodded, her expression solemn.
“She must have sent a message to her husband, Alarion, before she died. I’ve heard of him. He’s a standout among the younger generation of the Jornells of Amethysius.
“His cultivation has reached the early-stage Core-Forged Arcanist level, and he dotes on Narcissa. If he comes after us, we don’t stand a chance.”
One of the younger Frost family disciples couldn’t help but ask, “Aunt Aveline, if the five of us form the Lesser Five Elements Sword Formation, can’t we stop an early-stage Core-Forged Arcanist?”
Aveline shook her head. “There is a world of difference between Adept and Core-Forged Arcanist. Their spiritual energy is so condensed that it is practically tangible, and they can even tap into the world’s raw essence.
“That is not a gap you can bridge with numbers or sword formations alone. We might hold him for a moment, but we will inevitably lose in a prolonged battle. We must also protect the injured Blanche.”
After a short pause, she added, “Our only option is to shake off pursuit as quickly as possible and find somewhere absolutely hidden where Blanche can heal. After she recovers, her talent and lineage might give her a fighting chance. At the very least, we will have a better chance of escaping.”
Another female cultivator said worriedly, ”
But if Alarion catches up this quickly, he must have a way to track us. After all, we left in such a hurry. Even though we tried to erase our tracks, we probably left traces of our energy waves behind.”
Aveline paused in thought. Then she said, “Let’s keep moving I remember there’s a place called Blackwind Marsh about 90 miles ahead. It’s filled with poisonous miasma, chaotic spiritual energy, and natural magnetic interference.
“It disrupts divine senses and tracking spells. If we can get deep into the marsh, we might be able to use the terrain to lose him.”
Everyone’s spirits lifted at her words, and they sped forward. But they had underestimated Alarion’s determination and speed in pursuit, as well as the potential a Core-Forged Arcanist could unleash when fueled by the grief of losing his wife.
About an hour after they left the valley, a heart-stopping pressure and a wave of violent killing intent erupted from the horizon behind them.
“Damn it! Alarion’s caught up already. He’s too fast,” Aveline said, her face draining of color.
She looked back and saw a streak of cyan light tearing through the sky like a meteor, closing the distance at a terrifying speed. The overwhelming killing intent was almost tangible, sending chills through everyone’s spines.
“Everyone, split up!” Aveline made a split-second decision. “Blanche, take Snowy deep into the marsh and find somewhere to hide. The four of us will scatter and draw him away ”
“No!” Blanche immediately ed. ” He’s coming for me. If you split up, he’ll just hunt you down one by one.”
“Listen to me,” Aveline said sharply, though her eyes held both resolve and tenderness. “You are our only hope, and we cannot afford to lose you. We will hold him off as long as we can. Now go ”
Before Blanche could say anything, Aveline gave her a light shove. The gentle force sent Blanche and Snowy toward the dense forest below. At the same time, Aveline barked a command, “Take formation! Engage the enemy!”
A look of grim resolve crossed the faces of the other four disciples, but not one of them retreated. They quickly joined Aveline. Sword light flared once more as the Lesser Five Elements Formation solidified in an instant, forming a barrier between their group and the approaching Alarion.
Blanche steadied herself midair and looked back. Aveline and the other four stood suspended in the sky, their sword formation’s light seeming so fragile yet so resolute against the rapidly approaching cyan streak.
Tears glistened in her eyes as she bit her lip hard. She knew this wasn’t the time to hesitate. Turning around, she transformed into a white arc and dove toward Blackwind Marsh below with Snowy without looking back.
“Remnants of the Frost family, go to hell!”
Alarion’s roar thundered like lightning. The cyan streak closed in instantly, revealing his twisted, savage face. When he spotted Blanche fleeing below, his fury erupted. He raised his hand and sent a massive cyan lightning spear, tearing through the air to strike at Blanche’s back.
“Don’t even think about it!” Aveline shouted. Five sword lights merged into a massive barrier of sword-screen, blocking the lightning spear.
The spear slammed into the sword-screen, erupting in a blinding flash and a deafening explosion. The barrier trembled violently as its light began to dim.
Aveline and the others groaned in unison. Blood trickled from the corners of their mouths, but they had managed to block the strike.
“Know your place! You are a grain of sand trying to stop a landslide.”
Alarion’s rage intensified when his attack was blocked. Without slowing down, he charged straight for the sword formation. His hands moved in a blur, raining down bolts of cyan lightning that were even more powerful than before.
Aveline and the other four struggled to hold the formation. Driven onto the defensive, their situation grew increasingly dire. Each collision sent their life essence churning, battering their internal organs. Yet, their eyes remained resolute as they held the line.
They were determined to buy Blanche every precious second they could.
###Chapter 2766
As Blanche dove toward Blackwind Marsh, she fought the urge to turn back and help Aveline and others. She pushed her speed to its absolute limit as she plunged into the treacherous land, shrouded year-round in a gray-black, poisonous miasma.
The moment she entered the marsh, her vision and divine sense became severely restricted. The air reeked of rot and toxins, while the ground beneath her was a treacherous sprawl of soft bogs. Occasionally, strange black shadows flickered beneath the murky water’s surface.
She didn’t dare slow down. Guided only by a hazy memory of the terrain, she flew deeper into the marsh toward the core region rumored to have the most chaotic magnetic interference. Snowy stayed close by her side, nimbly avoiding puddles and hidden dangers.
Blanche could feel the violent spiritual energy from the sky far behind her, an echo of Alarion’s raw killing intent. She could sense Aveline and the others’ energy waves fading, their presence flickering out like dying embers.
Her heart twisted with anguish, but she forced her grief into a desperate burst of speed. She flew until the roar of battle began to fade. Yet, the sensation of being hunted, like the feeling of a predator’s gaze locked onto her, remained.
Blanche knew Alarion must possess a tracking technique that could pinpoint her even through the thickest miasma.
Suddenly, a strange area appeared in the marsh ahead. The fog ahead took on a dark red hue, and the air hummed with chaotic magnetic forces. The pressure made her spiritual energy sluggish and limited her divine sense to only a few yards.
Strange, jagged black rocks, magnetized by the environment, lay scattered across the ground.
“This is it,” Blanche muttered. “It’s the edge of the Crimson Magnetic Abyss in Blackwind Marsh.”
Her heart finally eased a little.
The extreme conditions here were her best hope for throwing him off her trail. She landed on a relatively dry mound partially sheltered by a cluster of massive magnetic stones and quickly set up a small concealment formation.
Blanche gripped the pendant Dustin had given her. Its cool surface seemed to steady her mind and ward off the marsh’s oppressive weight.
She sat cross-legged, trying to seize every moment to recover. However, her mind refused to settle. She couldn’t stop worrying about Aveline and the others. High above, the battle was already nearing its end.
Alarion struck with a fury that was nothing short of terrifying
Though Aveline and the other three fought desperately in formation, the gap in strength was too great. After enduring over a dozen of his savage lightning volleys, the sword formation finally shattered.
Aveline took the brunt of the final blow as a bolt of lightning slammed into her chest. Blood sprayed from her mouth as she spiraled downward, going limp midair.
“Aunt Aveline!”
The other four watched in horror, their eyes wide with helpless rage. They lunged forward to save her, only to be snared by a web of lightning Alarion cast with a flick of his wrist.
“Pathetic weaklings! You really thought you could stop me?”
Alarion didn’t even spare them a glance.
His divine sense had already locked onto
the faint but distinct icy aura belonging to Blanche in the marsh below. With a cruel grin, he transformed into a streak of light and dove downward.
Then, something unexpected happened. From somewhere deep within Blackwind Marsh, a brilliant pillar of golden light suddenly shot into the sky.
The pillar contained pure and vast spiritual energy that instantly dispersed part of the miasma and even temporarily calmed the chaotic magnetic forces.
The sudden transformation made Alarion pause mid-flight. Even the gravely injured and barely conscious Aveline, along with the four Frost family disciples trapped in the lightning web, instinctively turned toward the golden pillar.
What surprised everyone even more was that the pillar seemed to have risen not far from the edge of the Crimson Magnetic Abyss, where Blanche was hiding.
Alarion narrowed his eyes. He’d never heard of such a phenomenon in Blackwind Marsh. But the spiritual energy in that pillar made even him feel a twinge of unease.
“Could it be some kind of rare treasure appearing? Or…”
His thoughts raced, but his thirst for avenging his wife quickly suppressed his curiosity.
“I don’t care what it is. I’ll deal with Blanche first.”
Alarion was about to continue his chase when he noticed two figures faintly appearing within the golden pillar. One of them felt strangely familiar, and it filled him with an unexpected sense of dread.
Down in the marsh, Blanche was still tightly gripping the white pendant as she meditated. The sudden eruption of the golden pillar so close to her position jolted her from her trance.
She looked up in shock, peering through the faint shimmer of her concealment formation. To her surprise, the white stone in her hand began to glow, radiating a gentle warmth that seemed to pulse in sync with the massive pillar of light.
“Is this…”
Blanche’s heart pounded as an incredulous thought flashed through her mind.
“Could it be… Mr. Rhys? But he renounced his cultivation to live as a mortal. This spiritual energy in the golden light…” 2
She didn’t have time to finish the thought because after Alarion’s brief pause, his killing intent locked onto her again.
Ignoring the golden pillar’s phenomenon, a sharp cyan condensed sword aura tore through the miasma and slashed down ruthlessly toward the mound where she was hiding. The concealment formation shattered under the furious strike of a Core – Forged Arcanist.
Blanche’s face went deathly pale. She barely managed to gather what little spiritual energy she had left to form an ice shield in front of her while retreating quickly.
As the condensed sword aura struck down, the mound exploded, and mud splattered everywhere. The ice shield shattered, and she was caught by the shockwave.
She coughed up another mouthful of blood and stumbled backward into the muck, her energy waves growing even weaker.
Snowy was also thrown back by the blast and landed some distance away, crying out Yanxiously.
Alarion’s figure emerged through the settling dust and the fading golden light, landing in front of Blanche. His eyes were cold and cruel, like a venomous snake eyeing its prey.
“There’s nowhere left to run, Blanche.”
He slowly raised his sword, which gleamed with flowing cyan light.
“First, I’ll cripple you and strip you of your power. Then, I’m dragging you back to my estate to bleed you dry before my wife’s grave. Once you’re dead, I’ll ensure your soul knows only agony for eternity.”
###Chapter 2767
Blanche struggled to her feet and wiped the blood from the corner of her mouth. Her eyes remained cold and defiant as she conjured another ice sword in her hand, though the glow was faint.
“If you’re going to kill me, then do it!” she snapped. “Enough talk. No one from my family dies on their knees!”
“Fine! Die with your pride, then.” Alarion snarled, his face twisting into a cruel grin. ” I’ll be happy to oblige.”
His cyan sword aura condensed again, radiating a destructive pressure as he brought it down. He held nothing back, pouring every ounce of his rage into a single strike meant to end her life on the spot.
Blanche knew she had no hope of stopping the blow. A flash of grim resolve crossed her eyes as she prepared to throw her very life into one final, desperate counterattack. She was determined to take a piece of him with her to the grave.
But at the critical moment, the air began to hum. The golden pillar of light in the distance suddenly erupted with intense brilliance. This time, the light didn’t surge toward the sky. Instead, it condensed into a razor-sharp beam of gold.
It struck the side of Alarion’s cyan sword aura with perfect precision, intercepting the blow just before it reached Blanche.
The golden beam slammed into the energy with a deafening metallic ring, deflecting the seemingly unstoppable strike off course. The cyan sword aura veered wildly and crashed into a nearby black magnetic stone, shattering the 30-foot-tall rock into dust.
“Who’s there?” Alarion roared as he spun toward the golden light, his fury mixing with sudden alarm.
A white streak cut across the northeastern horizon, moving with such blistering speed it defied the eye. It wasn’t a standard light from a flight but a condensed sliver of pure, crystalline sword aura.
Wherever the streak passed, the poisonous miasma in the sky was shredded and purified by an invisible edge, leaving a clear, brief vacuum in its wake.
“Is that… Prismatic Aura Streak? The control is perfect.”
Alarion’s mind reeled. This newcomer’s sword attainment was terrifying. The lethal refinement and speed of that sword aura alone were enough to send a jolt of cold apprehension through even a Core-Forged Arcanist like him.
In a heartbeat, the white sword aura had already crossed the sky and appeared above the battlefield. Instead of attacking him, it traced a perfect arc around the area where Blanche stood.
The air hummed as the circle completed. A shimmering barrier of ice-blue sword curtain manifested out of thin air. It was translucent and delicate as a dragonfly’s wing, yet radiating a bone-chilling cold. It formed a perfect dome, shielding both Blanche and Snowy
Alarion’s delayed cyan sword aura slammed into the ice-blue curtain with a heavy, muffled thud. The barrier rippled violently under the impact. Waves of energy shimmered across its surface, but it held firm. It had weathered the full force of the blow without a single crack.
“Show yourself!” Alarion roared, his voice a jagged edge of fury and alarm as he fixed his gaze on the source of the sword arc.
The white light receded, revealing a figure suspended in the air. To Alarion’s shock, it was a young man. He looked no older than 17 and wore a simple, moon-pale tunic with fitted sleeves.
Albus Frost stood with natural, commanding poise. His features still held the soft traces of youth, yet he was strikingly handsome. However, his eyes were the most striking part of him. They were clear and bright, but they held a cold intensity that seemed far too old for his face.
He didn’t rely on a flying sword to stay aloft. Instead, he stood upon the empty air as if it were solid ground. That terrifying streak of light from before hadn’t come from a weapon. It had been a pure manifestation of his own sword aura.
A longsword floated at his side. Its scabbard was ancient and pale blue, etched with shifting patterns of frost. Even though the blade remained sheathed, it radiated a chill so sharp it made the skin crawl.
Albus’ gaze swept over the severely injured and frail Blanche below. Pain and fury crossed his face before he turned his eyes back to Alarion. His voice was clear but carried a bone-chilling edge.
“The Jornells of Amethysius certainly know how to throw their weight around,” he said. “You hurt my sister. For that, you shall die.”
His voice wasn’t loud, but every word cut through the air with resonant clarity. There was a lethal finality in his tone that allowed no room for doubt
“Sister?” Alarion’s eyes widened for a fraction of a second before a fresh wave of bloodlust took hold. “So, you’re another remnant of the Frost family? You’re her brother?”
He swept his divine sense over Albus and felt a wave of relief. Though Albus’ presence was sharp and his sword aura was terrifyingly pure, his raw spiritual energy told a different story. He hadn’t even reached the core formation realm but was merely at the peak-stage Adept realm.
A peak-stage Adept brat? It didn’t matter how gifted he was with a sword. At that level, he was nothing.
“Arrogant whelp!” Alarion spat, forcing down the inexplicable chill in his heart. He let out a cold laugh.
“A mere peak-stage Adept realm dares to talk back to me? Fine. I’ll take both you and your sister today. I’ll send you both to the afterlife for a family reunion.”
Without waiting for a response, he launched his assault. He knew well enough that swordmasters possessed terrifying offensive power. Given the purity of Albus’ sword aura, he couldn’t afford to let the brat strike first.
Alarion slammed his hands together, instantly manifesting three massive spears made of pure, cyan lightning. Each one hummed with the raw power of destruction. They tore through the air in a triangular formation, hurtling toward Albus like thunder.
This was no longer a test. He put everything into the blow, determined to kill Albus with a single strike. Faced with the devastating lightning of an enraged Core-Forged Arcanist, Albus remained unfazed. He didn’t even spare a glance for the incoming spears.
He simply raised his right hand, forming a sword-finger gesture. With a calm, graceful motion, he beckoned toward the ancient longsword floating at his side.
A resonant ring echoed through the marsh, a sound so pure and powerful it seemed to vibrate through the very air. The pale blue scabbard slid away on its own, revealing a three-foot blade. It looked as though it were forged from mountain ice, its surface shimmering with the fluid grace of flowing water.
When the sword emerged, the temperature plummeted. The humid air instantly crystallized, turning the mist into fine frost that drifted down around him like falling snow.
###Chapter 2768
Albus gestured with his sword finger, then uttered, “Go.” The crystalline longsword trembled slightly. Without any visible wind-up, it transformed into a streak of azure light, surging forward to meet the three terrifying lightning spears.
Alarion watched in disbelief as the streak moved with a lightness that defied physics. It was so fast his divine sense could barely track its trajectory.
Instead of clashing head-on, the streak flashed through the narrow gap between the spears in the blink of an eye. What happened next left everyone stunned.
The three devastating lightning spears froze mid-flight as if caught in an invisible ice storm. The crackling cyan lightning on their surface rapidly dimmed and solidified.
Three sharp cracks echoed simultaneously as the spears snapped in two. The breaks were perfectly smooth before the remnants dissolved into a mist of ice-blue light and vanished without a sound. They might as well have been fragile icicles rather than powerful lightning techniques.
“What?” Alarion’s breath hitched, his voice cracking in a strangled cry.
His full-force strike had been dismissed so casually. How was that possible? What kind of sword was that? What kind of technique?
Albus hovered calmly in the air, but his sword finger moved again. The crystalline longsword traced an elegant arc and hovered before him, its tip locked onto Alarion with a soul-chilling focus.
“You…” Every instinct in Alarion screamed in warning as an unprecedented sense of dread washed over him. He no longer dared to underestimate Albus.
With a guttural roar, the golden core within him spun wildly and unleashed a torrent of raw spiritual energy. A set of emerald-toned plate armor materialized over his body, glowing with a hard, glassy sheen.
At the same time, his hands formed a rapid series of hand seals to summon his soul-bound artifact. It was the Stormbreaker, an ancient bronze mirror etched with jagged lightning symbols.
The mirror rose into the air, its surface crackling with lightning before erupting into a massive pillar of cyan thunder. It was a concentrated torrent of pure destruction that roared toward Albus with devastating force. This was Alarion’s trump card, a strike far more devastating than the previous lightning spears.
Faced with the devastating roar of the oncoming strike, Albus’ gaze finally sharpened. He raised his sword finger in a slow, deliberate motion, and the hovering crystalline longsword thrummed in response.
The light dancing along the steel swirled into a brilliant vortex as a surge of sword aura-vast and terrifyingly pure-erupted skyward in a pillar of absolute frost.
“Third Form-Glacial Sepulcher.”
Albus’ voice was cold and detached, devoid of any emotion.
This time, the crystalline longsword didn’t blur. Its path through the air was slow enough for every eye to follow. It left a shimmering trail of frost in its wake as if it were freezing the very fabric of space. The tip of the sword met the head of the roaring lightning pillar with a gentle tap.
Time seemed to stop at that moment. There was no earth-shaking explosion or blinding flash of light. Instead, the terrifying pillar-with enough power to level a mountain-was overtaken by a surge of azure ice.
Startling from the point of contact, the frost raced backward, swallowing the lightning in a crystalline casing. The freezing advance was irresistible, surging up the stream of thunder toward the Stormbreaker itself.
“No!” Alarion screamed, his mind shattering in terror. He could feel his connection to the Stormbreaker being ruthlessly severed, frozen solid by a terrifying chill. He tried to recall the artifact, but it was already too late.
A sharp, crystalline crack echoed through the marsh. In an instant, the Stormbreaker and its pillar of thunder were completely encased in ice.
They became a massive, life-like monument, a tableau of a strike frozen in mid-air. The lightning was trapped within the glass, suspended in its final moment of fury.
As his soul-bound artifact was neutralized, Alarion reeled as if he had been struck by a sledgehammer. He coughed up a mouthful of blood, his aura collapsing instantly. His face turned a ghostly, papery white, his eyes wide with a primal, bottomless terror.
Alarion’s mind failed him.
Just what kind of monster was he looking at? Albus’ cultivation was clearly that of an Adept, but the reality before him made no sense. No one at that realm should have been able to freeze a Core-Forged Arcanist’s artifact in a single strike.
Albus lowered his hand, and the crystalline longsword gave a soft hum as it flew back to his side. He didn’t even look at the frozen mirror. Instead, his gaze remained fixed on Alarion, who was now reeling from the backlash in total terror.
“Injuring my sister is an unforgivable sin,” he said. He slowly raised his hand, his fingers forming the sword-finger again. Terror seized Alarion. Any thought of revenge was gone, replaced by a primal need to survive.
Albus’ sword mastery was beyond anything he had ever encountered. If he stayed another second, he would be a dead man.
“Run!”
The thought screamed through his mind. Without even a glance toward his frozen soul-bound artifact, he bit down hard on the tip of his tongue. A mouthful of blood essence, mingled with fragmented specks of his golden core, sprayed forth. It coalesced into a thick, crimson radiance that wrapped around him.
Blood Flash was a forbidden technique that sacrificed one’s foundational cultivation to achieve an impossible burst of speed.
In a blur of crimson, Alarion vanished. He moved so fast the air cracked in his wake, leaving only a jagged, hate-filled roar to echo over the marsh.
“Stray of the Frost line! I will remember today’s grudge. The Jornells of Amethysius will hunt you to the ends of the earth. We will not rest until your entire bloodline is wiped out.”
The streak of blood-light tore across the horizon at an impossible speed. In the blink of an eye, it was nothing more than a fading speck against the sky. And then it was gone.
Albus didn’t chase him. He merely cast a cold, indifferent glance toward the horizon where Alarion had vanished.
“Pathetic pretender,” he muttered. With a casual wave, the frozen Stormbreaker and the ice-sculpted lightning pillar rapidly shrank to palm size and dropped into his hand. He casually tucked them into his pocket.
Once that was done, the overwhelming sword aura radiating from him vanished.
He transformed back into his youthful, handsome appearance, with a hint of boyishness. His figure flashed as he descended to the ice-blue sword barrier protecting Blanche below.
Once the barrier was gone, Albus rushed to Blanche’s side. Seeing her pale face and injuries covering her body, his eyes reddened, and his voice choked with emotion.
“Are you okay?” he asked. “I’m sorry that I came too late.”
Blanche looked at her younger brother, who felt both familiar and like a total stranger. Her heart was a storm of conflicting emotions-the hollow relief of survival, the sudden warmth of seeing family, and the staggering shock of the power he had just displayed.
She forced a smile and raised her hand to pat his head, though the movement made her wince from her wounds.
“Albus, you’ve grown up. And you’ve gotten so much stronger.”
###Chapter 2769
Albus rushed forward to support Blanche, carefully checking her injuries. His eyes were filled with concern.
“Don’t talk. Let me treat your wounds first. He pulled out a small vial and tipped two pills into his palm that gave off a fragrant aroma and shimmered with spiritual energy. He fed one to his sister and crushed the other, sprinkling it over her most serious wounds.
The pills were remarkably effective. Blanche felt warmth spreading through her body as her condition stabilized, and her spiritual energy began to recover.
She couldn’t help but ask, “Albus, how did you find me? And…”
“I received a communication device, a rune slate, left behind by our family. That’s how I learned that you might be in danger somewhere around the Oakvale region. I’ve been searching for you ever since.
“Two days ago, I sensed a faint fluctuation from the rune slate you used, so I hastened my pace. When I was 30 miles away, I felt a massive surge of spiritual power, along with a familiar icy aura and the Stormcraft energy of that Jornell bastard.
“I knew you were in danger, so I streaked across the sky on a blade of cyan sword light to reach you.” He paused and scratched his head a bit sheepishly.
“That attack just now… I’ve been refining it during my seclusion over the past two years. It was the first time I used it in real combat. Glad I didn’t embarrass you.”
Blanche looked at Albus. Despite possessing terrifying strength, he still acted like a child who still relied on his elder sister. Her heart felt both comforted and conflicted. She knew he must have experienced unimaginable trials to possess such a shocking sword attainment at such a young age.
Just then, Snowy padded over and nuzzled affectionately against his leg.
He smiled and patted its head. “Thank you for protecting my sister.” Blanche suddenly recalled the earlier battle and looked frantically toward the sky.
“What about Aunt Aveline and the others…
Albus’ expression turned solemn.
“Don’t worry. When I arrived, I rescued the four trapped members on my way here. Aunt Aveline’s injuries are severe, but she’s not in mortal danger. I gave them healing tablets and had them rest and recover at the base of that cliff over there.”
“It’s a long story,” Albus said quickly as he continued tending to her wounds. As he spoke, he pointed toward a location at the edge of the marsh. Blanche finally let out a full breath of relief, the weight lifting from her chest.
“We shouldn’t stay here,” he said seriously. “Even though I forced Alarion to retreat, the Jornell family will not let this matter rest. They may already have stronger experts on the way, such as Elder Sevran, whom Narcissa had mentioned before.”
He added, “We must leave immediately and find a place that is absolutely safe for you to recover.”
Blanche nodded, leaning on him for support. She glanced in the direction of Oakvale, her gaze complicated.
The white pendant she had held so tightly earlier was still faintly warm. But with her brother as a powerful backup, she was temporarily safe and no longer needed to involve Dustin.
“Albus, let’s regroup with Aunt Aveline and the others first.”
Blanche pushed aside her wandering thoughts. Her top priority at the moment was to recover quickly so she could deal with the Jornell family’s inevitable retaliation.
Albus nodded, his hand lifting in a silent summons. The crystalline longsword appeared again, transforming into a broad, gentle cyan sword light that lifted Blanche and Snowy into the air. He himself rode the currents of energy beside his sister.
The siblings turned into two streaks of light. They flew toward the marsh’s edge-where Aveline and the others were-and quickly vanished into the dense, poisonous miasma and chaotic magnetic currents.
Blackwind Marsh returned to its eerie silence. Lingering traces of icy sword aura and scorched earth were all that remained, signs of a brief but momentous clash that would unsettle those who understood its significance.
A brilliantly talented young Sword Whisperer was now entering these increasingly turbulent undercurrents with Blanche.
Far away, Alarion crashed into some wilderness, battered and disheveled. He coughed up blood, his face ashen. Beyond the venom in his eyes, there was now a deep fear and lingering dread.
His hands were trembling as he pulled out a higher-grade rune slate and sent a message through gritted teeth.
“Elder Sevran! Blanche has a powerful backup. It’s her brother, around 17 years old, with terrifyingly advanced sword attainment. He appears to have mastered an extremely profound Crystalline Strike technique and can freeze my soul-bound artifact across cultivation realms.
“I… I was severely injured and couldn’t defeat him. I request the family to dispatch stronger experts at once. We must kill these two and reclaim ‘that item.'”
After sending the message, Alarion collapsed on the ground. Starling up at the gloomy sky, all that remained in his heart was endless hatred and a chill he refused to acknowledge even to himself.
The Frost family had actually produced such a prodigy. The storm, triggered by this Sword Whisperer’s sudden emergence, had become even more unpredictable and fierce.
###Chapter 2770
Several days after Alarion fled in disgrace and Albus quietly vanished with Blanche and their clan, a cataclysmic upheaval erupted in Dragonmarsh. It struck without warning at Aylka, the inner city in Oakvale.
That day began with clear skies, and Oakvale was as bustling as ever. At noon, a deep, distant rumble rolled through the earth. It was as if some primordial leviathan was waking deep within the mantle.
At first, people felt only a faint tremor beneath their feet and assumed it was an earthquake. But then, in the center of the vast plaza before the Aetherium in Aylka, the seemingly indestructible golden brick pavement suddenly bulged upward and cracked.
The explosion was deafening. A blinding surge of ochre light erupted from the fissures as the base of an impossibly massive mountain tore through the earth’s crust. It had not flown in from afar but grew from deep within the ground, rising at an unnatural speed that defied all reason.
Massive boulders tumbled as soil surged like tidal waves. The palace of golden brick and carved stone crumbled like a child’s blocks before this irresistible force. Its structures were shoved aside, torn open, and buried.
Ramparts, towering halls, and meticulously crafted gardens collapsed in rapid succession. In mere moments, the grand architectural complex that symbolized the absolute pinnacle of secular royal power was mercilessly swallowed by the rising mountain base.
And that was only the beginning. The mountain’s base alone was vast enough to blanket the entire former site of Aylka, and it continued to expand outward at a terrifying pace.
Its surface was ancient and weathered, a mottled grayish-brown stone unlike any ordinary rock. Enormous, cryptic patterns covered it naturally, emanating a desolate, primordial presence that made souls tremble.
Strange light coursed over the mountainside, flaring and dimming in turn, as though it contained secret power left behind at the birth of the universe. It continued to grow, thrusting straight toward the sky. At first, the mountain’s full form remained visible. Moments later, its midsection vanished into the clouds.
No matter how hard they strained to look up, people could see only a colossal peak with no discernible end, rising from the center of what had once been Oakvale.
Clouds swirled around its midsection. Higher up, the peak vanished into raging gales and lightning beyond mortal sight, its actual height impossible to measure.
The entire city of Oakvale shook violently. Countless houses collapsed, and the ground split apart. The citizens were seized by terror, crying out as they fled in all directions, as if it were the end of the world.
“Oh my God! What is that?”
“A mountain! It’s rising out of the ground.”
“The royal palace complex is gone!”
“Run!”
Although the mountain’s growth was astonishing, it wasn’t instantaneous. Its expansion centered primarily around the former royal palace complex, which gave people time to react.
Grace, the future queen, immediately mobilized government personnel to evacuate citizens toward the outskirts of the city. She activated all preset evacuation routes to protect as many people as possible.
Faced with this catastrophic event, she displayed decisiveness and leadership far beyond that of ordinary people. She’d already prepared contingency plans for ” extraordinary incidents” that might occur in Oakvale, though she’d never imagined something on this scale.
Grace personally oversaw operations from the temporary command center, issuing orders in rapid succession and mobilizing every available government resource.
Chaos was inevitable, and casualties did occur. Still, under her efficient leadership, the vast majority of Oakvale’s residents were evacuated over the next two days from a capital suddenly overtaken by a towering mountain.
The entire nation was in an uproar, and the world was stunned.
Through the communication networks and satellite systems that were still operational, images of a colossal mountain suddenly appearing in the capital of Dragonmarsh and swallowing the royal palace complex were transmitted worldwide.
With no scientific explanation and no rational answer, panic and speculation spread rapidly across the globe. Senior officials in governments around the world urgently reached out to Dragonmarsh, attempting to learn what had actually happened.
But unlike the fear and unease gripping the outside world, the reaction within the reclusive cultivation families was entirely different. Many had already quietly slipped into Oakvale, while others had been watching it for a long time.
After the initial shock passed, what rose within them wasn’t fear, but an indescribable surge of excitement and elation.
“It’s Mount Aethermoor. The mountain is manifesting in our world.”
An elderly cultivator from a lineage recorded in an ancient manuscript was moved to tears.
“This mountain appears once every 3,000 years, bridges the Heavenly Realm and the mortal world. Legend says there’s the Aethermoor Palace at its peak, housing ancient immortal artifacts and supreme cultivation methods.”
“This is our chance. A once-in-an-era opportunity. If we can reach the palace and obtain even a single treasure, it would be enough for our clan to rise and dominate an entire region.”
“Quick! Summon all our elite disciples immediately and bring our most precious treasures. We must reach Mount Aethermoor.”
The Jornells, the Frosts, the Quintons, the Judds, and the Killians emerged one after another from their hiding places. Some were well known, while others had remained unseen for generations.
They mobilized their elite forces, their gazes burning with desire as they fixed on the towering mountain that now stood atop the ruins of Oakvale.
All the conflicts and schemes that had arisen from hunting Blanche or supporting the Mosey mansion were suddenly and unanimously set aside. Nothing mattered more than the opportunity that awaited on Mount Aethermoor.
Even reclusive independent cultivators of great power and ancient sects that hadn’t been heard from in ages were stirred into action. They dispatched their disciples or came themselves toward Oakvale.
For a time, all forces converged, and hidden powers finally revealed themselves.
###Chapter 2771
Three days had passed since Mount Aethermoor appeared. The mountain’s growth had finally stopped.
By now, roughly half of what had been the bustling city of Oakvale lay buried beneath the mountain’s massive foundation and sprawling foothills.
What remained in the emptied city were official forces handling cleanup and security.
Martial artists who hadn’t evacuated in time or refused to leave had also gathered there, alongside daring adventurers seeking fortune and cultivators from every corner of the world, many accompanied by followers. Each group was marked by distinct energy waves.
Inside a makeshift official camp at the foot of Mount Aethermoor, Dustin stood on a nearby rise. He gazed at the towering mountain before him, its immense presence rising into the sky and carrying a boundless sense of desolation that left him deeply contemplative.
Earlier, he’d personally seen Natasha off on a train bound for safer territory. She’d wanted to stay behind, but after joint persuasion from him and Grace, she realized that the dangers here had far surpassed any commercial risk.
Ultimately, Natasha agreed to leave temporarily, holding back tears as she warned him to be careful.
“Mr. Rhys, please report to the command tent,” said an officer wearing the Sovereign Aegis uniform.
Dustin nodded and entered the largest tent. Inside, Grace was studying intelligence reports and maps spread across a table, surrounded by several key advisors and cultivator consultants.
She was dressed in practical, rugged traveling leathers. Though her eyes remained sharp, they were rimmed with the exhaustion of several sleepless nights and a deep, underlying dread she couldn’t entirely hide.
Before her lay fragmentary terrain maps of Mount Aethermoor and ancient journals with every scrap of information they’d managed to compile.
“Dustin, you came at the right moment.”
Seeing him enter, Grace quickly had someone bring him a seat.
“The Jornells, the Quintons, the Frosts, and several other hidden families have all mobilized their elite forces to different areas at the mountain’s base. Independent cultivators are pouring in. The ascent is inevitable now. What should be our next step?”
“Mount Aethermoor offers both opportunity and mortal danger,” he replied. “Only those with extraordinary willpower and fortune can succeed there. The palace’s forces shouldn’t and can’t commit everything to this gamble.
“But abandoning it entirely isn’t wise either. We should send elite scout teams. Their goal shouldn’t be reaching the summit or seizing treasures, but gathering intelligence, training personnel, and collecting resources along the way while securing our position at the base.”
Grace nodded. That was exactly what she had been thinking
“As for the selection of personnel… Scarlet and Adam have volunteered for the lead multiple times. They’ve both reached peak -stage Adept level, have extensive combat experience, and their loyalty is beyond question.
“I’m thinking of having them lead the team, supported by handpicked experts from the Sovereign Aegis and the royal retainers.”
“The Spanners’ twins are excellent choices, “Dustin said thoughtfully. “But Mount Aethermoor’s dangers are unpredictable. Their strength may not be enough.’
“We do what we can and accept what fate brings. I’ve already distributed every protective charm, rune, and tablet from the treasury that could help. I hope it will keep them safe,” Grace said with a sigh.
He nodded slightly, then stood up.
“Though I can’t use my power right now, I still have a couple of old items that might help them. I’ll go look for them.”
In a corner of the official camp at the southeastern foot of the mountain, Scarlet was polishing her signature crimson spear, Wildfire. Cold light rippled along the spearhead, reflecting off her striking, determined face.
Nearby, Adam was focused on adjusting a set of formation flags. The siblings had both changed into specially made climbing gear with light armor over it, ready to depart.
“Do you think Dustin will come see us off?
“Scarlet asked softly, her rhythmic polishing slowing to a halt. Adam glanced up at his sister, clearly understanding what she meant.
“He values loyalty above all else,” he said gently. “He’ll be here. But Scarlet-”
“I know,” she cut him off with a smile that carried both self-mockery and acceptance “I see him as a brother, and he sees me as a sister. That’s fine. At least… I can still stand beside him, right?”
Just as she finished speaking, the tent flap lifted, and Dustin appeared in the doorway.
“Dustin?”
Scarlet’s eyes lit up as she jumped to her feet, then she felt self-conscious and blushed slightly.
“Hey, buddy.” Adam rose to greet him as well. Dustin entered the tent, his gaze sweeping over them both. Without a word, he pulled two items from his bag.
One was a thumb-sized, dark red shuttle-shaped pendant. It was neither made of metal nor stone, but it was covered in intricate cloud patterns and strung on an unknown black cord. The other was a palm -sized bronze mirror with slightly damaged edges and a dull, tarnished surface.
Dustin handed the items to them separately.
“This journey will be dangerous. Take these with you. In a critical moment, they might save your lives,” he said. Scarlet accepted the dark red pendant. It felt slightly warm in her hand, and she sensed a strange spatial fluctuation within it.
“What is this?” she asked.
“It’s called the Cinnabar Void-Shuttle. It’s not an offensive or defensive treasure,” Dustin explained.
“If you encounter absolute danger you cannot resist, crush this shuttle. It will trigger a single short-range random spatial teleportation
“But you can’t control where it sends you. You might escape danger, or you might land in another perilous place. And it only works once. Don’t use it unless you have absolutely no other choice.”
Scarlet gripped the pendant tightly, feeling the concern in his words, and nodded firmly.
“Got it,” she replied. Adam took the ancient bronze mirror. It felt cold and heavy in his hand. The surface was cloudy and couldn’t reflect a clear image.
“Dustin, this mirror…”
Dustin explained, “This mirror is called Obscura. I obtained it by chance. It can’t actively attack or defend, but if you encounter illusions, maze formations, or spiritual attacks, hang it at your chest and channel spiritual energy into it.
“It will generate a layer of Obscura radiance that protects your mind and reveals falsehoods. It’s also effective against certain sinister ghostly techniques. However, the mirror itself is fragile, so handle it carefully.”
Adam’s expression grew solemn as he carefully put the mirror away. “Thanks, bud.”
Dustin looked at the Spanners siblings, who were about to enter a place where life and death were uncertain. His own emotions stirred.
He patted Adam on the shoulder, then looked at Scarlet and said warmly, “No opportunity is worth more than your life. Mount Aethermoor’s trials test the heart and affinity. They can’t be forced. You should focus on keeping yourselves safe and returning alive.”
“Got it.” Scarlet nodded vigorously. Looking at Dustin, her eyes seemed to hold a thousand unspoken words, but in the end, she only said, “Dustin, you take care too. When we get back, the drinks are on us.”
###Chapter 2772
The following morning, the first light of dawn spread across the horizon. At the foot of Mount Aethermoor, near the southeastern entrance to the Elderwood Path, a long flight of ancient stone steps yawned open like the gaping maw of some colossal beast.
Nearly 100 members of the official expedition team stood at attention, their presence sharp and focused. Leading them were Scarlet and Adam. Scarlet wore crimson battle gear beneath silver armor. She gripped her spear tightly, her stance radiating fierce resolve.
Adam wore dark blue expedition gear with a longsword at his waist. Formation flags were strapped to his back. His scholarly composure was tempered by unmistakable readiness.
Grace had come personally to see them off, with Dustin standing beside her. Looking at the team assembled and ready to depart, she spoke solemnly.
“Everyone, the road ahead is dangerous.
I’ll be waiting here for your safe return.
Remember, your safety comes first.”
“Yes, Your Highness!” the team answered in unison, their voices echoing off the mountainside. Scarlet and Adam offered one final, formal salute to Grace and Dustin. Then, the siblings turned toward the stone steps that stretched endlessly upward.
“Move out.”
The group began their ascent of Mount Aethermoor. Almost at the same time, sharp whistling sounds rose from other directions. Figures and streaks of light converged from all sides, like countless streams flowing together, drawn toward the colossal peak as it awakened once more after 3000 years of silence.
Dustin watched until the group disappeared around a bend in the misty mountain path. He stood there for a long moment. He’d done what he could for now.
The road ahead was theirs to navigate. Grace came to stand beside him. “How far do you think they’ll make it?” she asked.
He gazed at the summit hidden above the clouds and replied, “Mount Aethermoor tests each person differently. Scarlet is fierce and courageous, while Adam is steady and strategic. Together, they complement each other well.
“As long as they don’t get greedy or reckless and proceed carefully, they should gain something from this. As for how far they’ll go… That depends on their luck and destiny.”
The expedition advanced along the Elderwood Path of Mount Aethermoor. At first, the mountain trail was still manageable. The ever-present pressure that forbade flight weighed on them from the outset, making each step heavier than on level ground.
Grayish-brown rock surrounded them in dead silence. Even the spiritual energy saturating the air felt dense and oppressive.
After about an hour of travel, the terrain began to steepen. The stone steps cracked and shifted underfoot, forcing them to rely on both hands and feet as they climbed. A faint mist soon spread along the path, carrying a strange, sweet, metallic scent.
This was the Bone-Eroding Miasma recorded in the expedition information. The miasma not only obscured vision but also steadily drained their protective spiritual energy and numbed their senses. “Put on your miasma-warding charm and circulate your internal energy to resist it. Pick up the pace through this area,” Adam ordered calmly.
At the same time, he flicked his hand, sending several clarity charms that dispersed some of the thick fog ahead.
Leading the team, Scarlet swiped her spear through the air. Crimson arcs of flame scattered the encroaching miasma and drove away several brightly colored venomous snakes lurking within the fog.
The group followed close behind, advancing quickly.
Suddenly, a piercing shriek echoed from deep within the miasma. Several dark shapes lunged out. It was the miasma-corrupted demon beasts called Rotbone Apes.
Their bodies were covered in festering wounds that reeked of decay. Their claws and fangs dripped with deadly poison, and they moved with inhuman speed.
“Form ranks! Shields up!”
Scarlet’s sharp command rang out as her Wildfire Spear transformed into a cloud of flame, tearing apart the two Rotbone Apes charging at the front. The elite soldiers of the Sovereign Aegis quickly formed their battle formation.
Blade light, sword shadows, and spellfire lit up the area as they clashed with the swarming demon beasts. The battle was brutal. Team members kept getting scratched by poisoned claws or inhaling miasma while fighting, their faces turning black as they collapsed.
The field medics worked alongside Adam, quickly treating wounds and purging poison. Scarlet fought like the Goddess of War. Her spear lashed forward in sweeping arcs, cutting down everything in her path as she held the line at the front of the formation.
After a grueling battle, they finally drove off the pack of Rotbone Apes. A quick count revealed three seriously wounded, who had to be carried by their comrades, and five more with minor injuries. The lingering miasma poison would take time to purge, and the team’s morale suffered as a result.
“Rest here for 15 minutes. Treat the wounded and recover your strength,” Adam ordered while keeping a wary eye on their surroundings.
Near a crack in the rocks, he found half of a rusted sword and several dim celestial stones, likely left behind by previous climbers. The spiritual energy within them had almost completely faded, leaving them of little value.
After resting, the group continued upward. Once they passed through the Bone-Eroding Miasma zone, the view opened up before them.
They found themselves in a relatively flat valley covered with crystal clusters of various sizes and colors. Sunlight filtered through the thin clouds above, refracting off the crystals in mesmerizing, dreamlike halos of light.
“Be careful. This might be a natural formation of the Prismatic Illusion,” Adam warned, having read about similar phenomena before.
“These crystals refract light and spiritual energy, creating sensory illusions that can even trigger inner demons.”
Before he finished speaking, some members of the group had already grown dazed, mumbling to empty air, either crying or laughing. The light and shadows around them began to twist, conjuring visions of clear paths, treasure glows, and even apparitions of deceased loved ones.
Scarlet’s eyes sharpened. She struck her spear against the ground and shouted, ” Hold fast to your hearts. They’re all illusions.”
With her high cultivation and strong will, she was less affected by the illusions. Adam immediately pulled out the Obscura that Dustin had given him and channeled spiritual energy into it.
The dull mirror surface rippled with a hazy bronze glow that spread outward, enveloping over a dozen nearby team members. Those covered by the light quickly recovered from their confusion, their eyes clearing
“It works,” Adam said with relief, directing the team members carrying Obscura to spread out and expand their protective range.
However, the illusions weren’t the only danger. From within those beautiful crystal clusters, sharp luminous blades would occasionally shoot out without warning, or a blinding flash would explode.
Under the dual threat of illusions and physical attacks, the team struggled forward. People were constantly getting cut by luminous blades or stepping into hidden crevices while dodging illusions.
Just as the group reached the center of the valley, an unexpected change occurred.
The largest crystal clusters suddenly burst into blinding light. The beams wove together in the air, forming a translucent giant wielding an energy blade.
The giant roared silently and swung its blade toward the team. Even before the strike landed, the sword aura alone made their skin prickle.
“It’s a phantasmal spirit condensed by the formation. Its strength is close to the Core-Forged realm,” Adam said, his expression tightening. “We cannot confront it head-on. Spread out and look for the formation’s core or a weak point.”
But Scarlet showed no fear. A fierce, predatory light ignited in her eyes as she leveled her spear.
“I’ll handle it,” she said.
###Chapter 2773
Scarlet knew that if she didn’t stop this phantasmal spirit, the team would suffer devastating losses. Her Wildfire Spear erupted in crimson flames more intense than ever before. She became one with her weapon and shot forward like a meteor, meeting the descending energy blade head-on.
“Scarlet!” Adam shouted, but it was too late to stop her. Spear and blade collided with a deafening explosion and blinding light.
Scarlet grunted as she was thrown backward, blood trickling from the corner of her mouth. But her grip on the spear never loosened. The energy blade-wielding phantasmal spirit also staggered, its glow dimming slightly.
“It’s not a physical entity, and its power comes from the crystals! Attack the largest crystal clusters!” Scarlet shouted sharply as she steadied herself midair. Adam understood immediately and directed the remaining combat-capable members.
“Fire and lightning casters, focus your attacks on the third and fifth crystal clusters on the left. Everyone else, maintain defenses and provide interference.”
In an instant, fireballs, arcs of lightning, and rune seals rained down on the designated crystal clusters. The phantasmal spirit roared in fury, swinging its energy blade to intercept them.
But then, Scarlet charged forward again. Her spear shadow loomed like a mountain, binding the spirit in place and denying it any chance to break away.
Under the concentrated assault, two critical crystal clusters shattered one after another. The phantasmal spirit twisted and let out a silent roar of defiance before shattering into countless motes of light that scattered into nothing.
With the crisis resolved, everyone exhaled in relief. They nearly collapsed from exhaustion
Scarlet landed and braced herself on her spear, breathing heavily. The head-on clash had sent her internal energy into violent turmoil, leaving her with internal injuries. Adam rushed over with healing tablets and checked her condition
“Don’t be so reckless next time,” he scolded, though his voice was full of concern. She swallowed the tablet and flashed a bloody grin.
“If I hadn’t stopped it, everyone would’ve been in danger. Besides, I’m fine.”
She glanced around the team. After that intense battle, another seven or eight members had lost their fighting capability, with two critically wounded. The valley returned to silence, leaving only piles of shattered crystal fragments at its center.
Adam’s sharp eyes caught something beneath the largest pile of debris. He carefully brushed aside the fragments to reveal a perfectly preserved memory crystal and a sapphire-blue short blade emanating spiritual light.
“I found something,” he said. He pressed the memory crystal to his forehead. After a moment, his face lit up with excitement.
“It’s a high-level technique called the Phantasm Step that combines movement and illusion. This short blade appears to be the Azure Shadow Blade. It’s a matched artifact for the technique, and its quality is exceptional.”
The team’s spirits lifted at once. After paying such a heavy price, they’d finally gained something worthwhile.
Adam quickly copied the memory crystal’s contents several times. He distributed them to the core team members, while the Azure Shadow Blade would remain communal property for now.
“Rest here,” he ordered. “Treat the wounded and study the technique. We move out in one hour.”
He knew the path ahead would only get harder. But with this discovery, the team’s cohesion and confidence seemed to strengthen.
On other paths up the mountain that were invisible to them, similar battles, struggles, gains, and deaths were constantly unfolding. Mount Aethermoor, in its ancient and cruel way, was testing every visitor who sought to ascend to the top.
At the observation platform in the base camp, Dustin stood at the railing, gazing into the distance. Though he couldn’t see the specific events, he could faintly sense spiritual energy fluctuations coming from different areas of the mountain, sometimes violent and sometimes fading into nothing.
###Chapter 2774
The entrance to Thunderscar Gorge lay southeast by north, about 30 miles from the Elderwood Path. Unlike the route taken by the official expedition, the terrain here was far steeper and more dangerous.
There were no stone steps at the entrance. Instead, a deep canyon had been carved open by years of relentless violet lightning.
The rock walls on both sides were charred black and veined with lightning scars. The air carried a faint stench of ozone and sulfur, and violent lightning-aspected spiritual energy churned restlessly throughout the gorge.
A team of about 50 people had gathered at the entrance. They all wore matching dark blue combat uniforms under light armor, and the armor bore subtle Mosey insignia. This was the elite mountaineering team Seamus had dispatched, led by his most capable foster son, Anders.
He was a Grandmaster-level expert, his cultivation at the peak of the Adept stage. In the mortal world, that was naturally quite impressive. But in the eyes of true cultivators, his strength was merely average.
At that moment, five people stood quietly about 100 feet in front of Anders and his men. Leading them were Evander and Elowen.
Evander wore a deep-blue, cross-collared long coat. His expression was as calm as still water, his hands clasped behind his back, as though the perilous Thunderscar Gorge before him were nothing more than an ordinary view.
Meanwhile, Elowen had changed into a moon-white fitted outfit suited for movement. With her long hair tied back, she seemed less ethereal and more capable. She studied the thin arcs of lightning that occasionally leaped within the gorge with open interest.
Behind them stood three middle-aged cultivators. Their energy waves were restrained, and their expressions impassive. They were the Quinton family guards, each at late-stage Adept or higher, with one having already reached the quasi Core-Forged realm.
“Mr. and Ms. Quinton, ahead lies Thunderscar Gorge,” Anders said, stepping forward. He kept his head lowered, his tone carefully deferential.
“According to ancient manuscripts, this gorge not only suffers from natural lightning strikes, but also contains lightning spirits formed from condensed Violet Thunder Miasma left over from ancient times. It’s extremely dangerous. So, perhaps-”
Evander didn’t even bother to look at him. ”
Since you know it’s dangerous, let your men take the lead and clear the path. We will follow behind.”
For a heartbeat, something dark flickered across Anders’ face before it vanished. He cursed inwardly at the realization that they were being used as cannon fodder. But with the situation stacked against him, he could only swallow his pride and agree.
He answered humbly, “Yes. We will comply with your instructions, Mr. Quinton.”
He turned around, his face hardening, and barked orders to his subordinates. “First squad, form the Mystic Water Formation, then lead the way. Watch out for lightning strikes and be alert for lightning spirits. Move out!”
Ten Moseys’ elites answered and stepped forward. Each produced a water-blue formation flag and channeled spiritual energy into it. In an instant, a shimmering, aqueous defensive array took shape around them as they cautiously entered Thunderscar Gorge.
Inside the canyon, the light was dim. Overhead was a narrow strip of sky, and violet electric arcs occasionally leaped and crackled between the rock walls. The ground was rugged and slippery, covered in sharp stone fragments shattered by lightning strikes.
The Mystic Water Formation formed by those ten men glowed with a faint blue light, blocking the occasional small lightning arcs that struck down.
The first quarter mile passed without incident, but deeper into the gorge, the Violet Thunder Miasma grew thicker, and the stray arcs of electricity in the air multiplied.
Suddenly, a mass of thick Violet Thunder Miasma on the cliff wall ahead began to roil and condense. It formed into a leopard -shaped creature made entirely of lightning that silently roared and lunged at the Mystic Water Formation.
###Chapter 2775
“It’s the lightning spirit! Hold the formation,” the squad captain barked. The lightning spirit slammed into the Mystic Water Formation’s barrier, erupting in blinding violet light accompanied by a harsh crackling hiss.
Water was meant to restrain lightning, so the formation should have held a natural advantage. Yet, the lightning spirit carried an unusually pure and violent strain of Violet Thunder Miasma. The impact sent the barrier shuddering violently, and several people inside the formation went pale.
Seeing this, a calculating gleam flashed in Anders’ eyes. He was about to order the second squad to provide support when he heard Elowen chuckle behind him.
“Evander, this lightning spirit is quite interesting. The thunder miasma it condensed is remarkably pure.”
Her brother merely nodded slightly without any other reaction. The three Quinton family guards were like wooden statues, completely indifferent to the fierce battle ahead. In contrast, the people from the Moseys felt an even deeper chill.
A dark look flashed across Anders’ face before he quickly composed himself and waved his hand.
“Second squad, provide long-range spell support. Don’t get too close.”
Another ten people stepped forward, casting water arrows, ice spikes, and other spells to attack the lightning spirit from a distance. Under the combined assault from inside and out, the lightning spirit was finally dispersed and collapsed into a mass of thunder miasma.
However, three people in the Mystic Water Formation had already been invaded by scattered thunder miasma and suffered serious internal injuries. They needed to withdraw for treatment.
“Keep moving forward!” Anders ordered. His face was a blank slate, though his mind raced. He was calculating how to minimize their own losses while observing the Quintons’ attitude.
As they advanced deeper into the gorge, the emergence of lightning spirits became more frequent and far more lethal. At times, several would emerge at once.
The Moseys’ elites had to take turns forming defensive arrays, expending runes, magical artifacts, and even lives. One cultivator was struck by a lightning spirit while covering for his companions. His entire body instantly charred black. He collapsed, convulsed briefly, and died.
Another had a violent thunder miasma invade his heart. Though his companions managed to save him, his cultivation was completely destroyed, and he barely clung to life.
The Mystic Water Formation was besieged again by several powerful lightning spirits. The formation shattered, people were injured, and several more fell.
During each crisis, the five people from the Quintons simply watched from a distance.
They occasionally commented on the lightning spirits’ forms or the purity of the thunder miasma. But they never lifted a finger to help.
Fury and humiliation churned in Anders’ chest, but his expression grew increasingly calm. He even began deliberately adjusting the formation, placing weaker or less obedient team members in more dangerous positions.
Evander remained indifferent until a massive lightning spirit king, nearly at the quasi-Core-Forged realm, crippled an entire Mosey squad with a single strike, and its residual force reached his group. Only then did he frown slightly.
“So noisy,” he said. The words fell lightly from his lips as he raised his hand and flicked his finger. A barely perceptible golden gleam flashed and instantly penetrated the roaring lightning spirit king. The next moment, the mighty spirit suddenly froze.
Golden light seeped through it from inside out before it was completely annihilated without leaving even a trace of thunder miasma. In the blink of an eye, Evander had destroyed a quasi-Core-Forged realm lightning spirit.
The Mosey people stared in shock, cold dread rising from the depths of their hearts. The strength Evander displayed far exceeded their imagination.
Anders’ eyes sharpened. His wariness toward the Quinton family and his humiliation at being controlled by them reached their peak.
###Chapter 2776
But Anders quickly lowered his head, hiding the cold calculation in his eyes. “Let’s move,” Evander said, withdrawing his hand as if brushing away a speck of dust. Anders took a deep breath, suppressing the turmoil roiling inside him, and replied respectfully, “Yes, Mr. Quinton.”
He turned and continued directing his remaining men forward, though his hunger for power had never burned more fiercely.
After suffering nearly 20 casualties and leaving everyone injured, the group finally made it through the long stretch of Thunderscar Gorge. At the end of the canyon lay a relatively open platform formed from some kind of lightning-resistant crystal.
Scattered across the platform were several charred skeletons, likely the remains of previous climbers. Nearby lay lightning-tempered ore still glowing with electrical energy, along with fragments of badly damaged lightning-attribute artifacts that still retained faint traces of their former power
Elowen walked over and picked up a few pieces of lightning stone with mild interest. She kicked at the artifact fragments and wrinkled her nose.
“These have been eroded too badly by thunder miasma. They’re basically useless. Her gaze swept over the Moseys’ injured men without a trace of sympathy, holding only a cold, superior indifference.
Evander walked to the edge of the platform and looked up at the mountain path, barely visible through the clouds and mist above.
“This place is a minor leyline node. Lightning energy is dense enough to aid recovery. You have two hours to tend your wounds. We will move out after that.”
Anders looked at his exhausted, battered men, then at the lightning ores and broken artifacts that the Quinton siblings had dismissed as trash but which still held some value for the Moseys. He forced a smile and spoke to Evander.
“Thank you for your consideration, Mr. Quinton.”
With that, he turned and calmly instructed his men to collect the spoils and treat the wounded. Only he knew what dark currents churned beneath that calm surface.
On the Frost family’s chosen route, the terrain was perilously steep A deep ice ravine wound upward, flanked on both sides by sheer walls of dark ice that had never melted for millennia.
The cold was biting, and even cultivators protected by spiritual energy felt their internal flow grow sluggish. Freezing gale winds howled through the ravine, carrying razor-sharp ice crystals.
The Frost family’s group was small, with just eight people. Aveline led them, Blanche and Albus walked behind her, along with five other carefully selected elites from what remained of the Frost family. Blanche’s injuries had mostly healed thanks to the medicine her brother had brought.
“The icy ravine’s extreme cold environment enhances our family’s Frost-Mantle technique, but we can’t underestimate the ice spirits and soul-freezing winds here either.”
As the eldest and most experienced, Aveline offered warnings as they walked.
“Watch out especially for ice surfaces or pillars that look calm. They might harbor spirits inside. Albus, your sword aura is strong, but you need to control your spiritual energy consumption. Don’t just rely on brute force.”
“Got it,” he responded with a nod. He was still dressed simply, in pale, swordsman’s attire. The ice-crystal longsword hovered at his side, his aura restrained, yet when his gaze swept across the ravine, it was sharp as a drawn blade.
Blanche remained mostly silent. She circulated her cultivation technique to resist the cold while observing their surroundings and held the white pendant Dustin had given her. Warmth flowed from the pendant into her palm, helping stabilize her mind and offset some of the chill.
The group advanced cautiously. They hadn’t gone far when a section of the ice wall split open. Several semi-transparent humanoid spirits, condensed entirely from glacial miasma, burst forth, wielding ice blades and radiating a cold that froze the soul.
###Chapter 2777
“Watch out!” Aveline warned as she drew her twin daggers and charged forward. Blanche followed closely behind, drawing her longsword rimed with frost.
The Frost family members quickly formed ranks and unleashed their techniques in unison. Intersecting arcs of icy spells and sword aura crisscrossed the gorge.
The glacial wraiths were formidable foes, especially within their native terrain. Their translucent forms flickered through the frozen air, and the ice blades in their hands were razor-sharp, each strike freezing the target.
One of the Frost family members was slashed across the arm. Frost raced along the wound, and within seconds, his limb went numb.
Albus’ eyes sharpened at the sight. Without drawing his longsword, he raised two fingers and gestured toward the injured man’s arm. A thread of icy sword aura, nearly visible yet refined to an extreme degree, shot forward and sank into the wound.
The spreading frost met something colder and purer than itself and was instantly driven back. The superior chill consumed the invading energy completely.
The injured Frost family member finally regained sensation in his arm. The wound remained, but the invading energy had been entirely dispelled. Aveline stared at Albus, stunned.
“Has his sword aura already reached such a level?” she thought. By countering the frostbite with an even purer cold energy, Albus displayed a mastery in his sword aura that exceeded anything she had anticipated.
He didn’t pause to explain. With a slight motion of his fingers, the crystalline longsword hovering at his side gave a low hum before transforming into a streak of azure light that wove through the horde of glacial wraiths.
Wherever the blade passed, wraiths froze solid and shattered, dissolving into drifting frost energy. Before the others could finish a single exchange, half the enemies had already fallen.
With Albus anchoring the formation, the team’s advance accelerated. Yet, the trials of the Glacial Abyss were far from over.
As they ventured deeper, a silent current of Soul-Freezing Astral Wind began to stir within the ravine. It didn’t affect the physical body, striking instead at one’s spiritual consciousness.
Those caught in its current felt their minds grow sluggish, their thoughts slowing as if encased in ice. Soon after, terrifying visions of freezing to death overwhelmed them.
The white pendant around Blanche’s neck released a gentle warmth at that moment. A steady current flowed through her, guarding the clarity of her inner sanctums.
Aveline and the others relied on their own techniques or artifacts to steady their minds. But one weaker Frost family member faltered.
The astral wind swept over him. His eyes turned vacant, and his movements stiffened. He nearly stumbled into the bottomless icy abyss beside the path, but a strand of Albus’ sword aura lashed out and pulled him back to safety.
At a bend in the ravine, they came upon the preserved remains of a long-deceased cultivator sealed within a massive block of dark ice.
The body remained seated in meditation, its features lifelike despite the passage of years. It wore archaic robes, and beside it lay an ice-blue emerald ruler. Spiritual light shimmered faintly within the artifact. Though tempered by countless seasons, it hadn’t lost its extraordinary energy waves.
“This is the preserved remains of a long-deceased cultivator,” Aveline said as she examined the ice and the ruler more closely.
She went on, “This dark ice is no ordinary substance. It was likely formed from the cultivator’s own cold essence at the moment of death. It serves as both a seal and a form of protection.
“As for this emerald ruler, it appears to be a high-grade auxiliary artifact of the ice element, suitable for establishing formations and amplifying ice-aligned techniques.”
To retrieve the treasure, they would need to break through the dark ice without damaging either the remains or the artifact within. The task would not be simple.
Albus stepped forward and placed his right palm lightly against the surface of the ice. He closed his eyes and concentrated. The crystalline longsword rose above his head as threads of exceedingly pure icy sword aura flowed from both his palm and the blade, seeping gradually into the dark ice.
He was using his sword aura to resonate with the preserved remains of the cultivator’s cold essence sealed inside. Moments later, a faint cracking sound echoed from within. Hairline fractures spread across the surface in a web of fine lines.
With a crisp shatter, the dark ice broke apart evenly, revealing the corpse and the emerald ruler within, both completely intact. Aveline carefully picked up the ruler and examined it. Her face lit up with joy.
“It is indeed a rare treasure,” she said. ” This is the Glacial Sky Measurer. It can establish ice formations and greatly amplify the power of ice-aligned techniques. It will be invaluable to us.”
The unexpected gain lifted the group’s spirits. During the earlier resonance, Albus appeared to have gained a deeper insight into his icy sword aura. His energy waves now felt steadier, more integrated than before.
After a short rest, the group continued upward. At the end of the Glacial Abyss stood a towering waterfall of dark ice, nearly 300 feet high and smooth as polished glass. Behind it, the faint outline of a cavern entrance could be seen.
That would be their next trial.
Meanwhile, the Jornell family had chosen Storm Ridge in the west. The route was infamous for its danger. The mountainside rose almost vertically, its exposed rock face devoid of vegetation, polished smooth by year-round astral winds and lightning.
The climb was brutal. One had to withstand violent gusts capable of hurling a person from the cliff, as well as golden celestial lightning that struck down from the skies without warning. The Jornell family had dispatched an impressive force this time.
An elder in the early stage of the Core-Forged realm, Zephyrin Jornell, led the expedition personally. More than 30 members accompanied him, the weakest among them already at mid-stage Adept, with several experts at their peak-stage Adept.
Alarion didn’t go with them. His injuries hadn’t healed, and he was required to oversee the family’s affairs. Yet, his resentment toward the Frost family had been passed on in full to those making this journey.
Zephyrin was tall and broad-shouldered, with a stern, ruddy face and a bristling beard. Faint arcs of lightning coursed around him, and his presence carried an unmistakable dominance.
He gazed at the sheer cliff before him, where wind and thunder roared without cease. Not only did he show no fear, but he also threw back his head and laughed.
“Storm Ridge suits the temperament of our Violet Firmament Thunder Art. Everyone, follow me upward. Let these winds and thunder temper our bodies and refine our souls.”
The rest of the Jornells responded in unison, their momentum rising like a surging tide.
###Chapter 2778
The Jornell family was masters of stormcraft; they had a relatively high resistance to the forces of wind and thunder. Plus, their cultivation methods resonated with the environment here. Their morale was high. However, the dangers of Storm Ridge far exceeded their expectations.
The astral wind was no ordinary mountain gust. Mixed within it was the Aetherwind Essence drawn from the upper firmament. Its force was immense, and it could steadily erode the spiritual barrier.
The celestial lightning was even more unpredictable since its power was impossible to gauge. Even members of the Jornell family wouldn’t escape unscathed if struck directly.
Before long, the relentless Aetherwind Essence began eroding the spiritual barrier of one mid-stage Adept. Caught off guard, he was grazed by a sudden streak of golden celestial lightning. He screamed as his body was charred black and sent tumbling from the cliff, his remains reduced to nothing.
Zephyrin didn’t even frown. Instead, he shouted, “Hold your footing! Circulate your stormcraft and guide the lightning into your bodies. Endure it, and you will emerge stronger.”
At his command, the Jornell family members gritted their teeth and pressed on. Even as they climbed, they activated their techniques and attempted to guide a portion of the celestial lightning’s power into themselves and absorb it.
Though risky, the method proved effective Several family members’ energy waves showed subtle signs of improvement as they resisted the wind and thunder.
But the cost of progress was written in blood. Some lost their footing and fell. Others were critically injured by the excessively violent lightning, forcing their companions to intervene. As a result, they quickly lost many people.
About halfway up the climb, they discovered the charred remains of a lightning-struck tree upon a protruding platform. At its core, something extraordinary had formed. It was a fist-sized sphere glowing with violet light and wrapped in coiling arcs of electricity.
The contained an immense and exceedingly pure concentration of lightning essence. For cultivators of stormcraft, it was a priceless treasure.
“It’s a millennial lightning core!” Zephyrin’s eyes lit up with excitement. ” Retrieve it at once!”
However, a small natural lightning field had formed around the core. Countless fine strands of golden electricity wove together into a dense net. Anyone who approached was met with violent resistance. Two disciples attempted to break through, but were injured and repelled by the electric serpents.
Zephyrin snorted coldly. “Incompetent fools. Watch and learn.”
As he strode forward, violet thunderlight flared around him. He actively drew the surrounding celestial lightning and electric serpents down upon himself.
Clasping his palms together, he compressed the raging lightning between them until it condensed into a razor-sharp violet lightning spear. With a thrust, he drove it at the heart of the lightning field.
“Break!”
The lightning spear collided violently with the lightning field, erupting in a blinding flash and a thunderclap that shook the mountainside. The field was torn open by brute force, but the backlash made Zephyrin stagger, his face paling slightly.
Seizing the moment, he reached out through the air and closed his hand. The violet lightning core shot toward him and landed in his grasp.
The instant it touched his palm, a vast and exquisitely pure surge of lightning power coursed through him. A look of satisfaction spread across his face.
“Excellent! With this, my stormcraft will advance further. All of you have done your part. When we return, you will be rewarded.
The treasure bolstered their spirits, but they had already lost nearly ten members. Zephyrin paid the losses no mind. To him, the sacrifice of the weak was an inevitable price for the advancement of the strong.
They continued climbing, but the wind and lightning only grew more violent. On a nearly vertical stretch of cliff, they were struck by a combined assault of Razorwind Astral Gale and Adamantine Divine Lightning. The attacks were incomparably sharp and specialized in breaking defenses. Even the protective shields formed through stormcraft struggled to endure.
One after another, the Jornells were torn apart as the astral wind shredded their protective spiritual radiance. Others were pierced clean through by the Adamantine Divine Lightning, screaming as they plunged from the cliff.
By the time they finally reached the summit of Storm Ridge, the group of more than 30 had been reduced to fewer than 20.
Every survivor bore injuries, and their spiritual energy was heavily depleted. Though Zephyrin had secured the lightning core, he had also sustained some internal injuries from forcibly breaking open the lightning field earlier. His energy waves were no longer as imposing as before.
The summit was a wide stone platform polished smooth by wind and lightning. At its center stood a solitary, charred stone pillar. A broken sword was embedded at its peak. It was dark gold, its design austere and old-fashioned. Faint threads of lightning coiled around it.
Only half the sword remained, yet the sharp sword aura and lingering thunderous force it radiated were enough to unsettle even Zephyrin.
“This… Is this the remnant of an ancient lightning cultivator’s artifact?”
His gaze burned with greed. If he could subdue the broken sword and extract the ancient lightning sigils and sword aura sealed within it, the benefits to the Jornell family’s stormcraft would be immeasurable.
He was just about to step forward when the broken weapon seemed to sense his approach. It trembled violently, and an invisible yet razor-sharp surge of lightning -infused sword aura erupted outward, sweeping in all directions.
“Watch out!”
Zephyrin’s expression changed sharply as he unleashed the full strength of his protective lightning aura. Several injured members of the Jornell family who stood too close were struck by the sweeping sword aura. Their protective spiritual radiance shattered like fragile glass.
They were hurled backward before they could even scream. The lightning sword aura had already destroyed their spiritual consciousness, killing them instantly.
Zephyrin was forced back several steps. His protective lightning aura dimmed, and blood traced the corner of his mouth. He stared at the broken sword, fury and greed warring in his eyes. The treasure was valuable, but claiming it would demand a far greater price.
At the moment, the summit fell into a tense standoff. The remaining members of the Jornell family gathered around the broken sword, breathing heavily as they tended their wounds.
At the same time, they kept wary watch for other forces that might reach the summit and for the defiant broken sword itself. Three paths, and three different encounters.
They reflected the different styles and costs of each group and explored them. The Quinton family’s cold exploitation, the Frost family’s unity and fortune, and the Jornell family’s domineering approach and sacrifice.
Yet, Mount Aethermoor remained unmoved. In the clouds above, even harsher trials, more tempting treasures, and inevitably more brutal conflicts awaited these battered climbers.
###Chapter 2779
Climbing teams from various factions struggled up the different slopes of Mount Aethermoor as they fought for opportunity and survival.
At the base of the mountain stood a massive abandoned city. It was surrounded by a sea of temporary camps with tens of thousands still lingering there.
Among them were a small number of civilians who hadn’t fully evacuated, and personnel left behind by various factions to handle logistics and supplies. There were also rogue cultivators and wandering martial artists who were drawn by rumors but hesitated to venture close.
Grace and Dustin remained behind, overseeing operations or calmly observing how the situation developed. None of them realized that Mount Aethermoor, a sacred peak silent for 3,000 years, had never limited its trials to those who climbed it.
At midday, an abrupt change occurred. Without warning, the base of the mountain suddenly lit up with countless crisscrossing, intricately complex golden sigils.
The glowing lines spread beneath their feet like a rising tide. From the base of the mountain, the patterns surged outward across the earth, spreading with explosive speed. No escape technique could have outpaced it.
Wherever the sigils passed, scorched soil, shattered stone, ruined structures, even drifting dust and open air were washed in a faint golden glow.
In just a few seconds, a colossal formation had materialized. Its reach encompassed the entire original site of Oakvale and the surrounding region.
“What is that?”
“Oh my God! The ground is glowing.”
“Damn! It’s a formation. Run for your lives. At the base of the mountain, the entire camp was stunned by the sudden upheaval. A heartbeat later, panic exploded.
People tried to flee the area that was now engulfed in golden light. But no matter which direction they ran, the glowing lines spread beneath their feet like a rising tide, pulling everything into the formation’s reach.
Grace and Dustin were on the raised platform of the temporary command center. They had been discussing their next move when the sudden change caught them off guard.
Grace reacted instantly, shouting, “Send the order! All personnel fall back to the formation’s outer perimeter. Activate emergency defenses.”
But before her command could fully circulate, the formation had already completed its activation. A deep, resonant vibration groaned from the depths of the earth and the heart of Mount Aethermoor at once. It carried the weight of a primordial age, a tectonic thrum that made souls tremble and their heads spin.
In the next heartbeat, every area traced with golden patterns was enveloped in a soft yet irresistible glow. Human or beast, no one was spared.
Dustin felt a surge of golden light flood his vision. A strange spatial force seized him, locking his body in place as though he had been dragged into a boundless vortex. He couldn’t use any spiritual energy to resist and could only submit to this force.
The last thing he heard was Grace’s urgent cry.
“Dustin…”
The next moment, everything spun, and his vision blurred. It felt as though he had passed through a void both endless and fleeting. When his feet struck solid ground once more and his vision cleared, he found himself in an entirely unfamiliar place.
Dustin was no longer within the ruins of Oakvale but stood high upon the slopes of Mount Aethermoor. Around him were jagged, steep, gray-brown rocks. The air was filled with spiritual energy several times denser and heavier than the air below, mixed with a faint smell of blood and burnt flesh.
Looking up, the peak still towered impossibly high, wreathed in mist and clouds.
###Chapter 2780
Instead of the well-trained Sovereign Aegis guards and their advisors, Dustin was surrounded by a throng of people of all kinds, panic-stricken and bewildered.
Some were ordinary civilians, shivering in fear. Others were martial artists gripping their weapons and scanning their surroundings with wary eyes.
There were rogue cultivators in mismatched clothing, each with a distinct energy wave. Even personnel from the various factions who had remained at the mountain’s base camp were now mixed into the crowd, all of them thrown together like gravel dumped from a cart.
“This… Is this Mount Aethermoor? How did we end up here?”
“It was that golden light. The formation must’ve brought us here.” “Good heavens! It’s so high and terrifying. How are we supposed to get down?”
“My child! Has anyone seen my child?” Cries, screams, curses, and questions rose in a cacophony, creating a scene of utter chaos.
Dustin forced himself to stay calm and scanned his surroundings. He stood near the edge of a broad mountain ridge. The platform was large, yet hundreds of people were packed tightly across it.
Golden light continued to flash along the distant paths and cliff faces as more people were deposited onto the mountain at random. It soon became clear that everyone in Oakvale had been scattered across Mount Aethermoor by that terrifying formation.
“Your Highness!”
“Mr. Rhys!”
A series of familiar shouts cut through the noise. Dustin turned and saw several Sovereign Aegis guards forcing their way through the crowd toward him. Their armor was damaged and slick with blood. Behind them came Grace, her face pale.
Her fitted combat attire was torn in places, her hair slightly disheveled, yet her gaze remained sharp. A drawn sword was clenched firmly in her hand.
Dustin felt a knot of tension loosen in his chest as he shoved through the crowd to reach her. The guards instantly formed a protective perimeter around them.
“Dustin, are you okay?” Grace asked, scanning him from head to toe. Seeing only dust on his clothes and no visible injuries, she let out a sigh of relief. Her expression then hardened.
“The situation is catastrophic. We appear to have been forcibly transported to Mount Aethermoor, and… look over there.”
She pointed toward the void at the platform’s edge. What should have been the path down or a sheer drop was now sealed off by a hazy curtain of light.
Golden runes flowed endlessly across its surface. The barrier was solid and heavy, emanating a sealing force that made the air itself feel oppressive.
One wandering martial artist tried to rush down the mountain and had barely touched the barrier before a powerful force hurled him backward. He crashed to the ground and began coughing up blood.
“The formation not only teleported us up here, but also sealed off the roads down the mountain,” Dustin said grimly.
He studied the runes rippling across the light barrier. Although they were mysterious and difficult to understand, he could vaguely sense a governing force within them.
“It seems the trials of Mount Aethermoor are now open to everyone. Perhaps only those who meet certain conditions will be allowed to leave.”
As if to confirm his words, a grand, ancient voice, devoid of any emotion, resounded directly in everyone’s minds. Regardless of cultivation or language, its meaning was unmistakable.
“The Aethermoor Trial treats all beings equally. Climb the Heavenly Path, pass the trials, and you may gain fortune and leave the mountain. Do nothing, and you shall remain trapped here. Die, and your soul shall become one with the mountain.”
The voice repeated three times before fading into silence. Its message required no further explanation. Either climb upward, pass the trials, and earn the right to leave, or die trapped on this mountain. Dying here meant the end of everything.
###Chapter 2781
Panic was instantly replaced by despair and a kind of twisted fanaticism. With no way down, the only option was up. The only chance for both survival and fortune lay higher on Mount Aethermoor.
“Up! Keep climbing.”
“Move! I have to get out.”
“There are treasures up there.” The crowd erupted into chaos. People surged blindly toward any slope or rock face that looked climbable. But this was no forgiving mountain. Even the gentler stretches concealed deadly hazards.
Just then, screams rang out. Someone stepped on loose rocks and plummeted into a bottomless ravine. Another rushed into what appeared to be a calm bank of mist, only to be torn apart in an instant by venomous creatures or lurking fiends hidden within. Others drew weapons on their companions, fighting over what looked like the easiest route up.
Chaos, bloodshed, and death erupted across the midpoint plateau where the ” trial participants” had been forced to gather.
“Form ranks. Move into a defensive position!” Grace ordered. Around her, Sovereign Aegis guards, several royal retainers who had regrouped, and a handful of still-clearheaded martial experts moved swiftly into a circular formation.
They formed a tight circle around her and Dustin, shielding them from the stampeding crowd and the occasional arrows or spells that came flying their way.
Protected at the center of the formation, Dustin watched the hellscape unfolding around them and frowned. With his cultivation sealed, he was no different from an ordinary man. In this situation, he truly had become someone who needed protection.
The realization stirred something complicated within him. But more than frustration, he forced himself to remain calm, observing and thinking.
“Grace, we can’t stay here,” he said in a low voice. “When fear overrides reason, and they begin trampling and killing each other, they are more terrifying than any natural hazards in the mountain. We need to escape this chaotic area as quickly as possible and find a relatively safe route upward.”
She nodded, having reached the same conclusion.
“Captain Tort, Captain Crumb, clear a path, ” she ordered crisply. “Move toward the rock face to the northeast. There are fewer people there, and it looks climbable.”
“Yes, Your Highness.’
The two commanders, Ferrick Tort and Wyston Crumb, answered at once. One raised a massive axe, and the other gripped a long sword. Spiritual energy surged from them as they forced their way through the frenzied, crushing crowd, carving out a path with brutal efficiency.
The Sovereign Aegis guards formed ranks and followed closely, with shields and blades raised to block attacks from both sides.
Panic-stricken figures continued to rush at them. Some were struck by poisonous spikes and flying stones that suddenly shot out from the cracks in the rock face.
Casualties began to mount within the team. A guard protecting the flank was stabbed in the thigh with a poisoned dagger by a crazed rogue cultivator. His face turned black instantly, and he collapsed.
Another wandering martial artist was struck in the back by a fireball that came from nowhere. He screamed as flames consumed him.
Dustin struggled forward, shielded by Grace and another guard. Around him, men were wounded and killed protecting them.
He caught the strain in Grace’s expression, the sweat along her brow. The need for strength settled deeper within him than ever before. But he would not rush blindly toward it.
“Look out above!” he suddenly shouted. Though he had no spiritual energy, his eyesight and combat instincts remained sharp. He spotted several loose boulders on the rock wall above them, dislodged by the violent tremors and spellwork below. They were tumbling down with a rumble.
Grace reacted instantly. Her sword flashed, and a sharp arc of sword aura shattered one massive stone midair.
But the fragments still rained down like hail, injuring several team members who couldn’t dodge in time. Then, a millstone-sized boulder plummeted straight toward Dustin.
“Dustin!”
Her face paled, but she was already too far to reach him. At the critical moment, an elderly retainer who had been protecting Dustin suddenly moved; his figure blurred. In the blink of an eye, he appeared above Dustin and raised a withered hand.
A dull thud sounded as the massive stone, hurtling down with crushing force, came to a stop in his palm. With effortless ease, he flicked it aside. The boulder tore into the distant crowd, triggering a chorus of screams.
The elderly retainer retreated to his position without a word, his expression as blank as if nothing had happened.
Dustin cast a long, lingering look at him. The elderly man’s energy waves had been concealed, and he’d never made a move before. To possess such unfathomable strength suggested he was a hidden guardian personally assigned to Grace’s protection.
They pushed through the chaos and reached the northeastern cliff face without further incident. As expected, fewer people had gathered here. The rock wall, however, was steep and treacherous, slick with moss and edged with jagged outcroppings.
Looking up, they saw only a handful of figures struggling to climb. Higher still, the peak vanished into mist.
“Let’s climb up,” Grace said decisively. Those among the Sovereign Aegis guards skilled in scaling cliffs went first, securing ropes and grappling hooks to open a path.
Grace had Dustin follow directly behind her so she could keep an eye on him. The ascent remained a nightmare because the moss-slick stone offered almost no footing. At times, venomous snakes and scorpions burst from cracks in the rock without warning.
There were also surprise attacks from stray arrows or small-scale spells that came from nowhere. Even in these conditions, some competitors were still intent on eliminating their rivals.
Dustin relied almost entirely on instinct and coordination, with constant help from Grace and the others, just to keep pace.
After more than half an hour of grueling climbing, they finally pulled themselves onto the platform above. The area was small, but for the moment, their group alone occupied it. They had, at least temporarily, escaped the blood-soaked slaughter below.
After taking a headcount, they found that fewer than 20 of the 30 or so people they had gathered remained, and most were injured. Before they could even catch their breath and assess their surroundings, another unexpected event occurred.
###Chapter 2782
At the center of the platform, the ancient, weathered stone patterns carved into the ground suddenly flared to life, forming a circular array nearly 30 feet across.
As the light pulsed, three stone figures rose slowly from within it. Each stood nearly ten feet tall, carved from dark yellow rock and gripping a massive battle axe.
Red flames flickered within their hollow eye sockets. The spiritual pressure they emitted matched that of a late-stage Adept, and their burning gazes locked onto every living being on the platform.
“It’s the guardian trial,” Grace said, her eyes narrowing. “Defeat them, and we may be allowed to proceed or at least earn the right to remain here.”
The stone guardians let out a low, grinding roar. Their heavy steps shook the platform as they advanced, with their axes sweeping forward. The blades had not yet struck, but the violent wind generated by their swings already cut against the skin.
“Form rank and prepare to engage,” Grace shouted, drawing her sword and moving to intercept one of the guardians. She knew there was no turning back now. The only path forward was through the fight.
Dustin stayed behind the front line, protected by the others. His eyes never left the battlefield as his mind raced. The three guardians appeared slow and bulky, yet their strikes carried overwhelming force. Their defenses were formidable, and they moved with surprising coordination.
A drawn-out battle would quickly drain the team, especially after the chaos they had just endured and everyone was already injured.
His gaze tracked the guardians’ movements, their footwork, the rhythm of their strides, and the faintly glowing stone patterns beneath their feet.
Then, he noticed something. Whenever one of the guardians stepped down, its foot landed precisely on a specific node within the glowing array and the red flame in its eyes flickered.
“Grace!” Dustin shouted. “Strike where their feet meet the pattern on the ground. Those are the energy nodes keeping them balanced!”
Without hesitation, she changed her approach. Instead of clashing directly with the stone guardians, she transformed her attacks into swift, cunning strikes aimed precisely at their ankles, where they met the ground.
The others quickly followed her lead. Whenever their attacks landed cleanly on the flashing nodes, the statues faltered. Their movements grew sluggish, and the stone plating across their bodies seemed to weaken.
“It’s working!”
Grace’s spirits lifted, and her sword moved faster than before. With the team pressing its advantage, one statue’s ankle node was repeatedly struck. It collapsed to one knee, and moments later, its head was shattered under a concentrated barrage, crumbling into rubble. Using the same method, the remaining two statues fell in turn.
When the last guardian crumbled, the pattern at the center of the platform flared with brilliant light. Three soft halos rose into the air, each containing a vial of pills, a shimmering dagger, and a memory crystal inscribed with what appeared to be an earth-aspected defensive technique.
“Basic guardian trial passed. Rewards granted. You may rest upon this platform for six hours. When the time ends, you must either proceed upward or accept a higher trial.”
The grand voice resounded in everyone’s minds again. Simultaneously, a faint golden barrier rose along the edge of the platform, sealing it off from the outside world and granting them a rare moment of reprieve.
The group exhaled in relief, and several men nearly collapsed where they stood. Grace sheathed her sword and walked over to Dustin, holding out the pills and memory crystal.
“We only made it through because you spotted their weakness. You should keep these items for protection.”
He shook his head.
“Everyone should share the pills. Healing injuries is more important. As for the memory crystal, it’s no use to me right now. Give it to someone who needs it. You keep the dagger.”
Grace knew arguing would be pointless. She distributed the pills among the wounded and kept the dagger. Then, she walked to the edge of the platform and looked down.
In the distance, shouts and bursts of spiritual light still flickered faintly below. She lifted her gaze toward the mountain path stretching upward, seemingly without end. Her expression grew grave.
“This is only the beginning,” she muttered. “I wonder how Scarlet and Adam are faring. And the ordinary people who were sent to even more dangerous areas.”
Dustin stood beside her. He said evenly, ”
Right now, everyone has been pulled onto the same starting line. Or perhaps the same arena. The law of the strong devouring the weak will be magnified here.
All we can do is survive and keep climbing.”
Grace nodded. She understood what he meant. Mount Aethermoor’s forced trial had become an inescapable net, dragging everyone into it. Their original plans had been disrupted, and all semblance of order had collapsed.
Only strength, cunning, and luck would allow anyone to fight for survival on this suddenly crowded and blood-soaked path to the summit.
Those who had once stood ahead of the rest or watched from behind the scenes Evander, Elowen, Anders, Zephyrin, and the Frost siblings-had all been dragged into a deeper and far more unpredictable current. The brutal competition had finally begun.
###Chapter 2783
After six hours of rest, the group had regained some of their strength. The pills had taken effect, stabilizing the wounded and restoring most of their spiritual energy. When the time limit expired, the protective golden barrier quietly dissolved, signaling that their respite had ended.
“Do we head up, or search sideways for another route?” Grace asked the group. “Up,” one of the retainers suggested. “If this trial is about climbing the mountain, then the higher we go, the better.”
Dustin shook his head slightly.
“Climbing higher might not be the point of Mount Aethermoor’s trial,” he said. “At this elevation, there are multiple connected platforms and paths. If we move along the ridge instead, we may run into other teams. And right now, there’s strength in numbers.”
Grace accepted his reasoning and decided they would explore along the ridge at their current altitude.
The group advanced carefully. The terrain rose and dipped unpredictably, broken by ravines and sheer cliff edges that forced them to detour or climb over the rock faces. Progress was slow, but compared to the chaotic killing field they had passed through earlier, the mountain here felt eerily quiet.
Occasionally, they spotted lone cultivators or frightened civilians moving through the area. Both sides kept their distance, watching each other warily before slipping away.
After nearly two hours of climbing and navigating the broken terrain, the distant sound of fighting carried across the mountain.
Grace immediately raised a hand, signaling the group to take cover. While the others hid themselves among the rocks, she sent a scout ahead to investigate. A moment later, the scout returned.
“Your Royal Highness, it’s General Scarlet and General Adam. They’re being surrounded by a group of rogue cultivators, “he reported urgently. Grace’s eyes hardened.
“Prepare to move,” she said. “We’re assisting them.” The group advanced immediately. As they rounded a bend in the path, the battlefield came into view.
Scarlet stood at the center of the clearing, her signature crimson spear whipping in wide arcs as she fought off more than seven rogue cultivators. Her red robes were stained with blood, and her breathing had grown ragged. She had clearly been fighting for some time.
Adam stood behind his sister, guarding a cluster of more than a dozen wounded soldiers. While directing their defensive formation, he sent arcs of sword light flashing past her shoulders to keep the attackers at bay. Even so, the pressure from the attackers kept building.
Three of the rogue cultivators leading the assault were early-stage Adepts, while the rest were peak-stage First-Circle Arcanists. They attacked relentlessly while shouting their demands.
“Hand over the spiritual herbs!” one of them yelled. “Do that, and we might spare your life.”
“Not a chance!” Scarlet snapped, whipping her Wildfire Spear across her body and forcing the attackers back.
“Move!” Grace commanded, and the Sovereign Aegis guards instantly charged forward. The sudden arrival of reinforcements caught the rogue cultivators completely off guard. Grace moved first. Her sword flashed like falling snow as she stepped into the melee.
With a single strike, she killed a rogue cultivator leader at the early Adept stage. Behind her, the Sovereign Aegis guards surged forward. Each of them fought like a force of ten. Within moments, the rogue cultivators’ formation collapsed, and the survivors scattered in panic.
“Your Royal Highness!” Scarlet exclaimed. Her eyes lit up when she saw Grace. Then, her gaze shifted past her to Dustin standing among the group. She froze for a moment, clearly surprised.
“Thank goodness. Dustin, why did you come up the mountain, too?” she asked, clearly worried. “With your cultivation…”
“It’s a long story,” he replied, briefly explaining the upheaval that had happened at the mountain below. Adam stepped forward and offered a quick salute. Compared to his sister, he was far more composed. Without wasting time, he summarized their situation.
“We’ve already cleared three trials and gained a few opportunities along the way,” he said. “But we lost nearly half our people. Later, a group of rogue cultivators discovered some spiritual herbs we recovered from a ruin. They’ve been pursuing us ever since.”
“Are your men still able to fight?” Grace asked.
“Yes,” he replied. “Thank you for saving us, Your Royal Highness.”
She waved it off. “No need for formalities. On this mountain, we’re all on the same side. Let’s combine our forces. A larger group will give us better odds moving forward.”
After the two teams merged, their numbers rose to more than 30, significantly increasing their overall strength. But a larger group also meant their supplies would run out faster. They needed to find fresh resources and a safe place to rest as soon as possible. Adam then shared an important piece of information.
“While we were scouting earlier, we discovered a dense forest about six miles ahead. There might be demonic beasts inside, but we also sensed the presence of spiritual fruit. If we can make it through that area, we might find a better place to regroup.”
After a brief discussion with Dustin, Grace decided they would head for the forest. Half an hour later, the group reached the edge of a dense, ancient forest. Massive trees loomed overhead, their twisted branches forming a tangled canopy that blocked most of the sunlight.
A light mist drifted between the trunks, and the distant roar of unseen beasts echoed through the woods, keeping everyone on edge.
“Stay in formation once we enter. No one breaks off,” Grace ordered. The group tightened into a combat formation and advanced into the forest.
At first, the march was uneventful. But only a few miles in, everything changed. The surrounding trees suddenly shook violently. Branches thrashed overhead as dark shadows dropped from the canopy.
They were ape-like demonic beasts with long arms and jagged fangs, known as Iron -Arm Demonic Apes. Each one possessed strength ranging from late-stage First-Circle Arcanist to early-stage Adept. There were at least 40 of them.
“It’s an ambush! Form a defensive line.”
The fight exploded instantly. The Iron-Arm Demonic Apes were enormously strong and frighteningly agile. In the forest, they moved with terrifying ease, leaping between branches and attacking from every direction.
In contrast, Sovereign Aegis guards locked into formation and held the line. Blades flashed as steel clashed against claws, and bursts of blood sprayed through the trees. Grace fought like a storm at the front. Each strike of her sword killed an ape.
Adam directed the formation from behind the line, trapping several of the stronger beasts in coordinated attacks. Scarlet was even more terrifying. Her spear tore across the battlefield like lightning, and the demonic apes scattered wherever she drove forward.
But there were simply too many of them. The apes kept coming in relentless waves, and before long, the group began to suffer casualties.
Dustin stood near the center of the formation, shielded by the others as he watched the fight closely. Something about the apes’ movements caught his attention.
They attacked wildly, yet they never pushed toward one section deeper in the forest, as if they were avoiding it.
“They’re herding us!” he shouted. ”
They’re not trying to kill us but driving us in a certain direction!” Grace heard him and immediately noticed the pattern. The demonic apes attacked fiercely. But whenever a killing blow should have landed, their strikes shifted just enough to drive the group backward.
“Break out toward the direction they’re avoiding!” Dustin shouted, pointing toward the direction the apes avoided. Grace made the decision immediately.
“Everyone! Break out to the northeast!”
The group changed direction and charged northeast with everything they had. Just as Dustin predicted, the demonic apes faltered the moment they neared that direction. Their advance slowed, and several even retreated.
The group seized the opening and forced their way through the encirclement, sprinting deeper into the forest. They ran for what felt like ages before the sounds of pursuit finally faded.
Only then did they slow to a halt, gasping for breath. When they looked up, they realized they had already crossed the forest and arrived at the entrance to a secluded valley. At the valley’s entrance stood a broken stone stele. Two words were carved across its weathered surface.
“Spiritfruit Valley.”
###Chapter 2784
Spiritfruit Valley lived up to its name. The valley was lush and overgrown, brimming with spiritual energy. Exotic flowers and rare herbs grew in abundance throughout the area. Scattered among them stood several low trees heavy with clusters of crimson fruit that pulsed with dense spiritual energy.
They were Vermilion Spiritfruit, a rare treasure capable of quickly restoring depleted spiritual energy and even slightly strengthening one’s cultivation. The sight of the spiritfruit lifted everyone’s spirits.
“That’s great,” someone said. “With these spiritfruit, we can heal our injuries and restore our spiritual energy.”
However, Dustin remained cautious. His eyes moved slowly across the valley, and he felt something was wrong. The valley was unusually quiet. There were no birds calling, no insects buzzing, and even the wind seemed absent.
He lowered his voice and warned them, ” Stay alert. There could be danger.”
The moment the words left his mouth, the ground began to shake violently. A deep rumble rolled out from the depths of the valley, like the thunder of a thousand hooves. Moments later, the group saw what caused it, and the sight made their scalps prickle with dread.
Countless demonic beasts poured out of the valley. Among the horde were Ironback Wolves, Blazing-Maned Lions, One-Horned Giant Pythons, and Winged Night Fiends.
The sheer variety and overwhelming numbers made it clear that this was no scattered attack but a full-scale beast tide emerging from the depths of the valley.
“Damn it! It’s a beast tide,” Adam shouted, his face draining of color.
“Everyone, fall back! Now,” Grace barked. But it was already too late. The beast tide was moving far too fast, and within moments, the first wave crashed straight into their position. The group was forced into battle as a savage fight erupted across the valley.
Grace’s sword flashed in snow-bright arcs as she cut down the charging beasts, but their numbers were overwhelming. For every creature she struck down, several more surged forward to take its place.
Adam’s formation had barely trapped a handful of the stronger creatures before the next wave smashed straight through it.
The Sovereign Aegis guards locked themselves into a defensive formation and held their ground, but the casualty count began climbing at an alarming rate.
“Protect Your Royal Highness and Mr. Rhys!” someone roared over the chaos. Scarlet planted herself firmly in front of Dustin and refused to yield even a single step. Her Wildfire Spear swept through the air in blazing arcs, the weapon’s movements weaving a rolling cloud of fire that shredded every beast that tried to reach him.
Even so, the strain was evident. Several wounds had already opened across her body, and blood had soaked through her robes.
“Don’t worry about me. Go help them,” he urged from behind her.
“No!” she said firmly without turning around. “I told you already. No one is going to hurt you.”
At that moment, a mid-stage Adept realm Blazing-Maned Lion spotted the gap created during the exchange and lunged straight toward Dustin.
Scarlet threw her spear out with everything she had left. The strike pierced through the lion’s body and stopped it from charging, but the exertion threw her off balance. She staggered and fell to the ground.
Just then, another beast seized the opportunity. An Ironback Wolf sprang forward, its jaws opening wide as it lunged straight for her throat.
“Scarlet!” Dustin shouted, his eyes blazing with alarm. Just as the wolf’s fangs were about to clamp around her neck, a streak of sword light tore through the air and cleaved the beast in half.
Adam rushed in immediately afterward, grabbing his sister and pulling her to her feet before placing himself between her and the charging beasts.
“Adam…” Scarlet said weakly as she struggled to catch her breath.
“Don’t talk. Fall back!” he shouted as he swung his longsword in rapid succession, forcing several beasts back. As more beasts surged forward, the group could no longer hold the line.
Grace watches as more of her subordinates fall one after another under the relentless assault. A wave of despair rose in her chest as the thought forced its way into her mind.
Were they going to die here?
At that critical moment, Dustin noticed something unusual. The beasts attacked with wild ferocity, yet none of them dared approach the rock wall along the left side of the valley. The surface of that cliff was covered with strange patterns that emitted a faint, flickering glow.
“Grace! Order everyone to move toward the rock wall on the left!” he shouted.
###Chapter 2785
Grace had no time to think it over. She immediately ordered the entire group to fall back toward the rock wall on the left. The group fought desperately, carving a bloody path through the swarm of beasts until they finally managed to retreat beneath the shelter of the cliff face.
Just as Dustin had predicted, the bests charged forward but stopped when they came within roughly 100 feet of the rock wall.
They stopped one after another, pacing restlessly and letting out agitated roars, yet none of them dared take another step closer. After circling for a short while, the entire pack withdrew like a receding tide, as though something about the rock wall inspired deep instinctive fear.
The remaining guards collapsed to the ground, gasping for breath as the tension drained from their bodies. When they counted their numbers, the grim reality became clear. Of the original group of more than 30, fewer than 20 remained, and nearly every one of them was wounded.
Scarlet’s injuries were the worst. A deep claw wound tore across her back, the gash so deep that bone showed beneath the torn flesh, and the bleeding had yet to stop.
“Scarlet!” Dustin hurried forward to examine her injuries. Although his cultivation remained sealed, his medical skill hadn’t diminished. He tore a strip from his clothing, pressed it against the wound, and wrapped it with practiced precision until the bleeding stopped.
She watched his focused profile as he worked. The warmth of his fingers lingered on her skin, and a faint, unnatural flush appeared on her otherwise pale face.
“I’m fine…”
“Don’t talk,” Dustin said as he tied the final knot, his voice low but firm while the concern in his eyes remained unmistakable. “Save your strength.”
Only after finishing the bandaging did he finally breathe a sigh of relief. Turning toward Grace, he said, “We can’t stay here for long, but everyone needs time to recover. I’ll take a look at that rock wall and see what’s unusual about it. There must be a reason the beasts won’t approach.”
She nodded and ordered two guards to accompany him for protection. Dustin approached the rock wall and began studying the strange markings carved across its surface. The patterns were ancient and intricately layered, resembling both a naturally formed array and the traces of a long-standing seal.
He reached out to examine the markings. The moment his fingertip touched the grooves, a gentle force pushed his hand away.
“This rock wall… There seems to be something behind it,” he murmured. Dustin continued to search carefully along the face of the cliff, tracing the stone until he discovered a concealed opening hidden behind a curtain of vines.
The entrance was narrow enough that someone would have to turn sideways to squeeze through. Beyond it, the tunnel descended into complete darkness, while a faint current of air drifted outward from within.
“Should we go inside and take a look?” one of the guards asked. Dustin considered it for a moment before replying, “Not yet. Let everyone rest and recover their strength first. This passage might become our way forward, but it could just as easily lead to greater danger.”
Once he returned to the group, he reported his discovery to Grace. She agreed with his judgment and ordered everyone to rest where they were while assigning several people to keep watch.
After eating the Vermilion Spiritfruit they had gathered, the group’s injuries and spiritual energy began to recover rapidly. Scarlet’s wounds began to heal under Dustin’s careful treatment, aided by the fruit’s medicinal properties.
Night fell, and a campfire was lit in the valley. The group gathered around the flames, relieved to have survived but uncertain about the road ahead.
“Dustin, do you think we can leave this mountain alive?” Scarlet asked softly as she leaned against him. He watched the flames flicker for a moment before replying calmly, “We will. As long as we stay alive, we will find a way out.”
“But your cultivation…” she began, then trailed off. Dustin smiled faintly. “Just because my cultivation is sealed doesn’t mean I’m useless. I still have my eyes, my mind, and all of you. Scarlet, thank you for risking your life to protect me today.”
Her face flushed, and she lowered her head as she replied quietly, “I… I only did what I should have.”
Grace watched the exchange from the side, a complicated look passing briefly through her eyes. She then walked over and sat beside Dustin on his other side before handing him a piece of roasted beast meat.
“Eat something,” she said. “We still have a long road ahead of us tomorrow.”
He accepted it and thanked her. As the night deepened, the group took turns standing watch while the others gradually fell into a deep sleep.
However, Dustin remained awake long after everyone else had fallen asleep. His gaze lingered on the ancient patterns carved into the rock wall. A strange premonition stirred in his mind.
This mountain, and the trial unfolding within it, seemed far more complex than he had imagined. Within that hidden depth might lie the chance for his cultivation to recover, but it could just as easily conceal dangers far greater than anything he had faced so far.
###Chapter 2786
The following morning, sunlight filtered through the treetops at the mouth of the valley and scattered across the ground, driving away the chill that lingered from the night. After a full night of rest, most of the group had recovered from their injuries, and their spiritual energy had largely been restored.
Dustin informed the others about the hidden opening he had discovered in the rock wall, after which Grace gathered the key members of the group to discuss their next move.
“We do not know where this opening leads, “she said. “However, the fact that the beasts refuse to approach this section of the cliff suggests that something here frightens them. That means it is either a great opportunity or a great danger.”
Adam considered the situation before offering his analysis.
“Based on the rules governing Mount Aethermoor, the most dangerous places usually hold the greatest opportunities. We are trapped here, and moving upward is our only path forward. If that opening leads higher up the mountain as a shortcut, it’s worth investigating.”
Scarlet turned to Dustin with a worried look.
“But his cultivation is sealed. If something happens inside…” She trailed off. Dustin waved his hand dismissively. “No need to worry about me. If we move as a group, then we advance together and retreat together. I will not hold everyone back again.”
Grace listened to both sides before finally making her decision. “Then, we’ll explore the passage,” she said. “But we go in fully prepared.”
Once the group had reorganized and equipped themselves, Dustin led them to the concealed opening in the rock face.
Several members of the Sovereign Aegis guards who specialized in scouting entered first to check the passage. After a short while, they sent back a signal indicating that the interior was safe for the moment and the rest of the team could proceed.
They entered one after another and proceeded single file through the narrow passage, which was so tight that each person had to turn sideways to pass. The rock walls on both sides were slick with moisture, and the air smelled damp and stale.
After moving forward for roughly half an hour, the corridor gradually widened, and a faint light appeared ahead. When they stepped out of the passage, the space opened abruptly before them. What lay inside the mountain’s hollow was an enormous cavern.
The vaulted ceiling rose hundreds of feet overhead, with countless stalactites hanging downward. Light filtered in from somewhere above and struck the stone formations below, scattering into shifting bands of color. At the cavern’s center stood a ruined ancient hall.
The structure had been built entirely from a bluish-gray stone. Though much of it had fallen into ruin, traces of its former grandeur were still visible.
The doors of the hall were tightly shut, and intricate carvings covered their surface, depicting what appeared to be an immortal wielding a sword to cut down demons Above the entrance, “Hall of Hidden Truth “had been carved in large, ancient script.
“It’s a relic left behind by ancient cultivators,” Adam said with surprise.
The group approached the hall cautiously. When they came within roughly 30 feet of the entrance, a ring of light suddenly ignited on the ground and spread outward, enveloping everyone present. From within the hall, an elderly voice spoke.
“Who goes there? Do you possess a token?”
The group exchanged uncertain glances. Dustin’s thoughts raced. Reaching into his robes, he took out the ancient token he had found earlier in the valley. He had picked it up from a crack in the rocks shortly after being teleported onto the mountain and had kept it with him ever since.
The moment he took out the token, it began to glow faintly, resonating with the circle of light around them. At the same time, the carved patterns on the hall doors lit up, and the massive doors slowly parted to either side.
“The token is valid. Entry to the hall is permitted. Each person may enter only once. Whatever is obtained inside will be determined by fate. However, the hall is filled with mechanisms and traps. Whether you live or die will be your own responsibility.”
The elderly voice echoed again before falling silent. The group exchanged glances, their expressions reflecting both excitement and caution. Grace was the first to step forward. “Let’s go. We’ve come this far. There’s no reason to hesitate now.”
When they crossed the threshold, the surroundings changed abruptly. Instead of entering a single grand hall together, they found themselves separated and transported into different isolated spaces.
Dustin stood alone in a narrow corridor. Along the walls on either side, eternal lamps had been set into the stone at regular intervals. Their dim flames cast a faint glow, illuminating countless intricate diagrams and inscriptions carved across the surfaces.
He advanced forward slowly, examining the patterns carefully. They appeared to record a cultivation technique. But the information was incomplete, leaving the meaning fragmented and difficult to comprehend.
At the end of the corridor stood a stone chamber. In the center of the room sat a skeleton in a meditative posture, wearing an ancient ceremonial robe.
Although countless years had passed since its death, the remains still maintained their seated position, faintly radiating a lingering pressure. Resting across the skeleton’s knees lay a memory crystal.
###Chapter 2787
Dustin stepped forward and gave a respectful nod toward the skeletal remains. “Sir, I mean no disrespect. I only seek a way to survive here. If I manage to leave, I will remember your kindness.’
The moment his words fell, the withered bones stirred faintly. A dim wisp of light drifted out of the skeleton, gradually coalescing into the translucent figure of an elderly man with white hair and a long white beard.
“3,000 years have passed,” he began as he studied Dustin, a trace of surprise flickering in his eyes. “At last, someone has come here.”
Dustin felt a jolt of alarm. He hadn’t expected the skeletal remains to conceal something so mysterious. The elderly man stroked his beard and chuckled softly.
“Don’t be nervous. I died long ago. What remains here is only a fragment of my soul, left behind to wait for someone who might one day reach this place. You made it into this hall carrying that ancient token, so our meeting wasn’t a coincidence. Tell me, are you willing to accept my trial?”
“Go ahead,” Dustin replied.
“The trial is simple. Study this scroll, the Mortal Transforming Art. If you can grasp even a portion of its meaning, you will be considered to have passed. If you can’t…”
The elderly man left the sentence unfinished, though the implication was obvious. Dustin accepted the memory crystal and pressed it to his forehead. In the next instant, a torrent of information poured into his mind.
The Mortal Transforming Art was created for cultivators preparing to break through to the nascent soul realm. Its principle was simple yet profound. When a cultivator’s power was sealed, it didn’t mean they had become powerless, nor did it mean their progress had stopped advancing.
Instead, it offered a rare opportunity to temper the body, refine the soul, and deepen one’s foundation. When the nascent soul finally formed, that long accumulation would erupt at once and allow one to soar to unprecedented heights.
Dustin immersed himself in the teachings, studying them with a hunger that pushed everything else from his mind. Time slipped away unnoticed. It might have been a single moment, or perhaps several days. When he finally opened his eyes again, a faint trace of understanding had appeared within them.
The elderly man nodded with satisfaction.” Your comprehension is acceptable. You pass. This scroll of the Mortal Transforming Art is yours. And one more thing…”
He raised a finger, and a strand of spiritual light shot forward, sinking into Dustin’s forehead.
“This is a fragment of my soul mark. When your life hangs in the balance, it will protect you once. Go now. Your companions are waiting.”
As his words faded, the elderly man dissolved, leaving Dustin alone in the stone chamber. He gave a respectful nod to the skeletal remains before him, then turned and departed.
Meanwhile, the others were also encountering opportunities of their own. In a chamber dedicated to sword practice, Grace obtained a superior sword manual titled 13 Frostflash Strikes. Adam discovered a complete set of formation banners and diagrams.
Meanwhile, Scarlet fought an illusory beast in a trial arena and slew it, earning a Dragonblood Pill that strengthened the body.
When everyone finally regrouped outside the hall’s entrance, the satisfaction from their gains was evident on every face. Scarlet immediately ran to Dustin and looked him over from head to toe before asking, “Are you all right?”
He nodded and replied, “I’m fine. In fact, I learned something as well.”
Afterward, he glanced at the others and added, “This place isn’t safe. We should continue upward.”
The group nodded, then left the ancient hall behind. They proceeded along the passage on the opposite side of the cavern until they reached a flight of stone steps ascending deeper into the mountain.
As they stepped on the steps, the surrounding spiritual energy grew noticeably denser, and the invisible pressure bearing down on them intensified.
Mount Aethermoor was testing the resolve and endurance of every climber who sought to ascend it.
###Chapter 2788
While Dustin and the others explored the ruins within the mountain, the region at the foot of Mount Aethermoor had already descended into chaos beneath the golden barrier. Tens of thousands of people had been randomly transported onto platforms scattered around the mountain’s base.
With no leadership and no order to restrain them, the only law that remained was survival of the fittest. The strong killed the weak, while those unable to resist became servants or even food.
On the largest platform at the mountain’s base, Evander stood with his hands clasped behind his back, observing the chaotic slaughter unfolding below with cold detachment. Beside him, Elowen idly toyed with a wildflower she had picked somewhere nearby.
“These insects are so noisy,” she said, frowning. “They won’t be noisy for long,” he replied calmly. “This place runs on survival of the fittest. Most of them will be gone soon.”
“But we’re trapped here as well,” Elowen complained with mild irritation. “We had planned to sit back and reap the rewards afterward, yet now we have been dragged into this ridiculous game as well.”
“A game?” Evander responded with a faint smile. “You can say that. But a change in the rules isn’t necessarily a bad thing. There are far more opportunities on this mountain.”
His gaze swept across the platform before settling on Anders, who was not far away, gathering the remnants of his scattered troops. He went on, “And besides… Some people should finally begin to serve their purpose.
At that moment, Anders was leading a group of elite troops from the Mosey mansion along the edge of a platform, gathering survivors who had been scattered by the chaos. Wearing a gentle and reassuring smile, he spoke calmly to the frightened civilians and wandering cultivators who had taken refuge nearby.
“Join my party. If we stay together, everyone will have a better chance of surviving,” he said.
In less than half a day, he had already gathered nearly 100 people, greatly strengthening his force. However, beneath the warmth of his expression, a cold calculation lingered deep in his eyes.
Occasionally, his gaze drifted toward the direction where Evander was said to be advancing, and a complicated mixture of emotions flashed across his face. There was caution, respect, and also a trace of resentment.
“My godfather ordered me to follow the Quinton family’s command,” Anders thought silently, his expression remaining composed while the thought sharpened in his mind.
“But I wasn’t born to live forever beneath another man’s shadow. Once I obtain enough opportunities on Mount Aethermoor, the situation may not remain the same.”
Deep within the Glacial Abyss, the Frost siblings were advancing with the few remaining members of their family. The route through the ravine had always been treacherous.
After the forced teleportation scattered their people, many had disappeared along the way. Now fewer than ten remained at their side.
“Your injury hasn’t healed yet,” Albus said, glancing at Blanche with clear concern as they moved carefully across the frozen terrain. “You should rest for a moment.”
She shook her head and continued forward without slowing down.
“I’m fine,” she said. “There’s a glacial cave ahead, and I can feel that the cold energy inside is extremely pure. There may be something there that suits our cultivation.”
He nodded and stayed close beside her, quietly shielding her as they pressed onward. When they finally reached the cave, they found the entrance sealed behind a thick wall of dark ice.
Raising a sword finger, Albus released a tightly compressed stream of frost sword aura, and the barrier of dark ice split apart with a sharp crack.
Inside the cave, the cold was overwhelming. At the center stood an icy platform, and resting upon it was a crystalline longsword. Its transparent blade shimmered faintly as currents of light flowed within it. When he stepped closer, the sword gave a bright, eager hum before lifting from the platform and flying directly into his hand.
“Has… Has it acknowledged you as its master?” Blanche asked, her voice bright with surprise. Albus held the longsword in his hand and felt the faint sense of affinity flowing from the blade into his palm. A flicker of excitement passed through his eyes.
This sword was far stronger than the one he had carried before. Within it, he could also sense what appeared to be a complete sword technique sealed inside the weapon itself.
He had just begun to calm his mind in preparation to study the technique when a sudden commotion erupted outside the cave. Several figures rushed inside, and at their head stood none other than the Jornell family elder, Zephyrin.
“Brats of the Frost family, you weren’t easy to track down,” he said with a vicious grin. “Hand over whatever treasures you obtained here. Do that, and I might grant you a cleaner death.”
Albus stepped forward with the sword in hand and met him with a cold gaze. “Scum of the Jornell family, did you not learn your lesson last time?” he snapped.
Zephyrin’s face darkened instantly as the humiliation from Storm Ridge resurfaced in his mind. The memory of being badly wounded by a single strike from Albus filled him with rage.
“You bastard!” he spat. “Last time I was careless. This time, I brought enough men with me. Let’s see how arrogant you can still be.”
At his signal, more than a dozen Jornell family experts surged forward together. Albus let out a cold snort. He drew the newly acquired sword in a single motion and swept it outward as a blade of bone-chilling sword light burst from the edge.
Where the light passed, the air itself froze and crystallized. Three Jornell family experts failed to dodge in time. The instant the sword light struck them, their bodies locked in place and froze solid, turning into lifeless ice statues.
###Chapter 2789
Zephyrin’s expression changed sharply when he realized that Albus had grown stronger again. The discovery caught him off guard, yet the situation left him no room to retreat. Having already committed himself to the confrontation, he could only grit his teeth and charge forward.
Moments later, the battle erupted again. Facing multiple opponents alone, Albus moved through the clash with relentless precision. Streaks of sword light swept across the field, and his frost sword aura was pushed to its absolute limit.
Blanche and the other members of the Frost family fought beside him. They coordinated their attacks and defenses to support his advance while struggling to contain the relentless pressure from the Jornell family.
Despite their efforts, the imbalance in numbers gradually became apparent. The Jornell family held the advantage in sheer manpower.
Although Zephyrin hadn’t fully recovered from his injuries, the foundation of a Core-Forged cultivator still made him a formidable force. Under the combined pressure, the Frost family slowly began to lose ground.
“Blanche, take the others and go,” Albus shouted. “I’ll hold them off here.”
“No,” she replied without hesitation. “If we die, we die together.” At that critical moment, a rush of footsteps echoed from outside the cave. Everyone froze in shock, assuming another enemy force had arrived. Zephyrin stared at the newcomers in disbelief.
“People from the Moseys?” he muttered. At the mouth of the cavern, Anders arrived with several dozen followers. He paused just inside the entrance and surveyed the chaotic melee unfolding in the chamber, a thoughtful smile slowly appearing on his face.
Seeing him, Zephyrin immediately called out, “Mr. Mosey, help my family deal with the Frosts, and you’ll be richly rewarded!”
Anders made no move to intervene.
Instead, his gaze shifted toward Blanche, lingering briefly on her strikingly beautiful face before he spoke in an unhurried tone.
“Ms. Frost, how would you repay me if I were to help you repel the Jornell family?” he asked. She was momentarily taken aback, though the surprise vanished almost instantly as her expression turned cold.
“What do you want?”
He smiled faintly and responded, “I haven’t decided yet. I’ll call in the favor later. How does that sound?”
Zephyrin’s expression changed drastically. “Anders! You dare cross us?”
The smile on Anders’ face didn’t fade. “Mr. Jornell, please forgive me.”
With a casual wave of his hand, the Mosey family’s elite troops behind him surged forward at once. However, their target wasn’t the Frost family. Instead, they turned their weapons on the Jornell family.
The sudden reversal threw the Jornell family’s formation into complete disarray. Seizing the opportunity, Albus struck with a decisive sword slash that severely wounded Zephyrin.
Zephyrin let out a cry of pain. Since he couldn’t stabilize the collapsing situation, he fled in panic with the remnants of his forces. The battle finally ended. Blanche remained wary as she looked at Anders. “Why are you helping us?”
He answered calmly, “No need to be suspicious. I simply dislike seeing the strong bully the weak through numbers.”
As he spoke, his gaze shifted briefly to the sword in Albus’ hand before he continued, “Besides, this young man possesses astonishing talent in the sword. Someone like him is destined to achieve great things. Forming a favorable connection is far better than making an enemy.”
Blanche studied him for a long moment but said nothing further. At last, she nodded in acknowledgment. “Thank you. I will remember this favor.”
Anders nodded with a faint smile and turned to leave with his men. But the instant his back was turned, a deep and calculating glint flashed through his eyes.
His intervention on behalf of the Frost family had never been an act of goodwill. The Jornell family was too powerful, and allowing them to secure too many opportunities here would only strengthen a rival to the Moseys.
On the other hand, the Frost family might prove useful if they could be drawn into a cooperative relationship. As for Blanche, Anders had plans of his own.
###Chapter 2790
After passing through Spiritfruit Valley and spending two full days climbing along the rugged mountain path, Dustin and his group finally arrived at a new place. It was unlike anything they had encountered before on Mount Aethermoor.
The mountainside suddenly opened into a broad terrace, a relatively flat platform carved into the slope and large enough to cover several football fields. What surprised them most was the sight of a temporary marketplace appearing there. Dozens of crude stalls were scattered across the open ground.
Some vendors spread animal hides across the earth and laid out a handful of faintly glowing spiritual artifacts. Others propped up rough wooden frames and hung cloth canopies from which rows of pill bottles and medicinal flasks were displayed.
Many people threaded between the stalls, stopping to examine goods and haggling in low voices.
“This… This is incredible!” Scarlet exclaimed, staring wide-eyed at the scene. “A marketplace in a place like this?”
“As more survivors gather on Mount Aethermoor, people need a way to trade supplies and information. A market like this was bound to appear sooner or later,” Dustin said, slowly scanning the area. ” Look over there.”
He pointed toward the center of the market, where a stone pillar nearly 40 feet tall stood upright. Its surface was etched with runes, while above its summit hovered a fist-sized orb of milky-white light that emitted a steady, gentle pulse.
“That’s probably the ward’s core meant to maintain order,” Adam said after sensing it carefully. “Anyone capable of setting up a formation like that in a place like this must have serious backing”
Grace nodded. She lowered her voice and reminded them, “Stay alert and don’t cause trouble. Let’s observe the situation first.”
The group advanced cautiously toward the edge of the marketplace. The “residents” here came from all walks of life. Some were ragged rogue cultivators with hollow faces, while others were well-dressed scions from powerful families.
There were also wary wandering martial artists with killing intent in their eyes, mingled with calmer veterans who seemed already accustomed to life on the mountain.
Dustin soon noticed something peculiar. Although everyone in the marketplace had their own agendas, they all seemed to follow an unspoken rule against fighting.
Even when disputes arose, they rarely escalated beyond angry glares and a few heated insults before nearby onlookers stepped in to separate them.
“It seems whoever runs this place has enough authority to keep order,” Grace said quietly. As she spoke, a thin, middle-aged man approached them. His washed-out gray robe had clearly seen years of wear.
Although a friendly smile covered his face, his eyes remained sharp and calculating.
“You look new here,” he said in a low voice. “Need a guide? Just need to pay one low-grade celestial stone. I’ll explain the rules and tell you the background of every stall in the market.”
Adam was about to refuse, but Dustin raised a hand to stop him. He took a celestial stone from his pocket and handed it to the middle-aged man. The man’s eyes lit up instantly. He accepted the stone, and his attitude became noticeably warmer.
“Please follow me,” he said. “I’ll explain as we go.”
He introduced himself as Corvin Hollis, a rogue cultivator who had been transported to Mount Aethermoor when it suddenly appeared out of nowhere. After spending more than two weeks around the marketplace, he had grown familiar with everything there.
“This market first appeared about two weeks ago,” he said while leading them along the path.
“At that time, several major factions arrived first. They realized this place had flat terrain and was easy to defend but difficult to attack, so they joined forces to clear out the surrounding beasts and dangers before setting up this Truce Ward.
“The ward’s core, the Storm-Calming Pearl, was left behind by a Core-Forged expert. As long as someone remains inside the ward’s range, no one is allowed to fight. Anyone who breaks that rule will suffer backlash.”
“Which major factions are we talking about?” Grace asked.
Corvin lowered his voice. “The strongest faction here is the reclusive Quinton family. Ever heard of them? They’re no small force. The ones leading them are the Quinton siblings-Evander and his sister Elowen. Their cultivation levels are impossible to gauge.
“The Mosey family is here as well, led by Anders, who is also a dangerous figure. There are a few smaller families and a loose alliance of rogue cultivators, too, but they all have to follow the Quinton family’s instruction.”
Dustin and Grace exchanged a glance, realizing that the Quinton family was here as well.
###Chapter 2791
“If you’re planning to trade, I recommend the stalls on the western side,” Corvin continued as he guided Dustin and the others through the market.
“The eastern section belongs exclusively to the Quinton family and the Moseys. The items there are good, but the prices are high. Some of them even come from questionable sources.
“The old man selling pills in the north is reliable. His goods are genuine, though he has a strange temper. The stalls in the south belong to rogue cultivators. Their prices are lower, but the quality varies, so you must know how to judge them yourselves.”
Corfin continued talking at length while leading them through the market until they had made a full circuit. Only after finishing the tour did he finally leave, but before departing, he gave one last warning.
“Remember this. Don’t offend anyone from the Quinton family. A few days ago, a rogue cultivator at the late-stage Adept argued with one of them. Not long after he left the market, they found his body halfway down the mountain.”
After he left, Scarlet couldn’t help but comment, “This Quinton family is acting far too arrogantly.”
“They have the strength to back it up,”
Dustin replied calmly. “Don’t worry. The ward keeps everyone in check here, so it’s safe inside the market. Let’s see if we can find any supplies we need first.”
The group split up to look around. Dustin took Scarlet with him and walked slowly toward the northern stalls. Just as Corvin had described, the northern section looked crude and disorganized.
Most of the stall owners were rogue cultivators who simply spread a piece of beast hide or a torn cloth on the ground before displaying whatever items they no longer needed or had taken from the dead.
Among the goods were damaged magical artifacts, unidentified pills, incomplete memory crystals containing cultivation techniques, and even various strange ores, beast bones, and spiritual herbs. Dustin stopped in front of an elderly vendor selling pills.
The elderly man had completely white hair and beard, a thin, gaunt face, and wore a patched robe. He had been sitting there with his eyes closed.
Only seven or eight bottles of pills were arranged on the cloth before him. But each one was stored in a vial sealed with a small rune designed to prevent spiritual energy from leaking.
“Sir, how much are these pills?” Dustin asked. The elderly man opened his eyes and looked Dustin up and down. His gaze paused briefly when he noticed the complete absence of spiritual fluctuations in Dustin’s body, and a slight frown creased his brow.
He then glanced at Scarlet beside Dustin before answering in an indifferent tone, ” Healing tablets are five celestial stones per bottle. Energy recovery pills are eight per bottle. As for Substratumis, there are only two left, and each costs 50 celestial stones.
Scarlet gasped at the price. It was more than ten times higher than what such pills sold for at the foot of the mountain.
However, Dustin simply nodded. He reached into his pocket and produced a small pouch of celestial stones. Using the stones he had gradually gathered on Mount Aethermoor, he purchased three bottles of healing tablets and two bottles of energy recovery pills.
After completing the transaction, the two continued wandering through the market. Before long, a commotion broke out ahead of them. A crowd had gathered around a particular stall, pointing and whispering among themselves.
Dustin and Scarlet approached and soon saw the item displayed at the center of the stall. It was a longsword entirely black in color, yet faint vermillion patterns seemed to flow across the blade’s surface, while an unsettling, murderous aura radiated from it.
“I-Is that a demonic weapon?” someone exclaimed. The stall owner was a burly man with a fleshy face, whose cultivation had reached the early-stage Adept level. He was speaking with visible pride as he introduced the item.
“I found this beside the remains of an ancient cultivator. It’s definitely an ancient treasure. It carries a bit of baleful energy, but once it’s refined, its power will be astonishing. The price is fixed at 200 celestial stones.”
The surrounding onlookers murmured among themselves, yet none stepped forward. A demonic weapon saturated with such heavy, baleful energy could easily backfire on its wielder, and a careless cultivator might even fall onto the demonic path.
Dustin continued studying the sword, and a subtle change appeared in his eyes. Although the baleful energy within the blade was strong, it was not chaotic. Instead, it seemed to follow a faint but discernible pattern.
This wasn’t an ordinary demonic weapon. It felt more like a righteous sword that had been sealed. At that moment, a cool female voice spoke.
“This sword… I want it.”
The crowd turned toward the voice and saw a beautiful young woman step forward. She wore a moon-white martial outfit, and although she appeared no more than 16 years old, the sharp, commanding air around her made it impossible to underestimate her.
The woman was none other than Elowen.
###Chapter 2792
Scarlet instinctively tightened her grip on the Wildfire Spear, but Dustin lightly pressed her wrist, signaling her not to act rashly.
Elowen stepped toward the stall. Without even sparing the burly vendor a glance, she tossed down a pouch of celestial stones and reached for the sword.
“Hold it!”
A voice cut through the air. Another man stepped out from the crowd. He appeared to be in his early 30s, wearing a blue-violet robe, and had a cold, predatory look on his face. Faint arcs of lightning coiled around his body, the unmistakable bearing of the Jornell family.
He said with a strained smile, “Miss, the baleful aura on that sword conflicts with the stormcraft my family cultivates. It would make an excellent subject for study. Why not let me have it?”
Only then did Elowen lift her gaze to look at him. Her eyes were as cold as frost. “Who do you think you are?” she shot back. “You think you’re worthy of competing with me for it?”
The man’s expression immediately darkened. “Don’t think you can act arrogant just because you’re from the Quinton family. My family-”
Before he could finish speaking, a razor-sharp sword aura was already pressed against his throat. But no one saw her make a move. One moment, the black sword was still at her side, and the next instant, it was already poised at the man’s neck.
“Say one more word, and you die,” Elowen said calmly. The man’s face turned deathly pale. Cold sweat streamed down his forehead, and he didn’t dare make another sound.
Elowen scoffed dismissively, withdrew the sword, and turned to leave. As she walked away, her gaze swept across the crowd and briefly paused on Dustin before shifting away as if nothing had happened.
The onlookers scattered immediately, unwilling to risk being dragged into trouble. The man from the Jornell family slipped into the crowd in humiliation and disappeared within moments.
“Elowen’s temper is even worse than the rumors say,” Scarlet muttered under her breath. Dustin watched Elowen’s departing figure with a thoughtful expression. “It’s not temper,” he said after a moment.
“It’s indifference. In her eyes, people like us are no different from insects.”
He had felt the same thing come from Evander before. It was a deep-rooted arrogance born from families that had lived apart from the rest of the world for generations and learned to look down on everyone else.
“Let’s go. We should find Grace and the others.”
Dustin looked away and left the area with Scarlet. By evening, the group reunited in a relatively quiet corner near the edge of the market. Grace and Adam had each come back with something useful.
Grace had traded several pieces of ore recovered from the ruins for a fragment of a sword manual, while Adam had managed to acquire several key materials needed to complete a formation.
“We’ll camp here tonight,” she said. “This place is relatively safe for now, so we can rest properly. Tomorrow we’ll decide where to go next.”
Night gradually settled over the market, yet the lights of the stalls remained bright. Not only had the vendors not packed up, but the place had also become even livelier as though certain items revealed their true value only after darkness fell
Dustin sat alone at the edge of the camp, his eyes fixed on the stone pillar rising at the center of the market. At its peak, the Storm-Calming Pearl emitted a gentle milky glow that spread outward, covering the entire marketplace in soft light.
A moment later, a figure approached and sat down beside him.
“Can’t sleep?” Grace asked.
Dustin nodded. “Just thinking things over.”
“About what?”
“I keep thinking about this mountain, this trial, and how we are supposed to leave here alive,” he replied softly. “Have you ever considered the possibility that Mount Aethermoor is not merely a test but part of a much larger scheme?”
###Chapter 2793
Grace looked slightly surprised before asking, “What do you mean?”
Dustin lifted his gaze toward the unreachable summit. “I can’t say for certain,” he said. “It’s just a feeling. This mountain is older than anyone can comprehend. Even its existence feels like a mystery.
“And those reclusive families, like the Quintons, clearly know things we don’t. Their determination to climb the mountain can’t simply be about acquiring a few treasures.”
After a brief silence, Grace replied, ” Whatever they’re planning, we can only deal with it one step at a time. At the very least, we’re still alive.”
He turned to her and smiled faintly. ” You’re right. Survival comes first. Everything else can wait.” The two of them sat side by side, looking out over Mount Aethermoor under the cover of night.
In the distance, the occasional roar of demonic beasts echoed through the mountains, sometimes followed by a distant scream from somewhere unseen. Each sound reminded them that beneath the night’s calm surface, danger waited on every side.
On the other side of the mountain market, Evander rested inside a comparatively luxurious tent with his eyes closed. Elowen stepped inside and tossed the black longsword aside before saying, “I saw someone in the market today.”
He opened his eyes and responded, “Oh?”
“It was the same mortal we saw by the lakeside at the foot of the mountain,” she said, a trace of curiosity flickering in her eyes. “His cultivation still seems sealed, but he is doing quite well traveling with Grace and her group. Who do you think he really is? Why does she value him so much?
Evander remained silent for a moment before replying in a calm tone, “I don’t care who he is. As long as he stays out of our way, we can ignore him.”
“But there’s something strange about him, “Elowen insisted with a slight frown. “I can’t explain it clearly. He just feels different.”
Evander glanced at his sister but said nothing more, though a hint of contemplation showed on his face. The first night at the mountainside market passed quietly, though unseen tensions simmered beneath the surface.
Early the next morning, Dustin and the others were having breakfast at their camp when a group of people approached them.
Anders led the group, wearing a gentle smile and carrying himself with refined composure. More than a dozen of the Moseys’ elite retainers followed behind him, their composed bearing making it clear they were skilled fighters.
He stopped before Grace and gave a respectful bow.
“Your Royal Highness, allow me to introduce myself. My name is Anders Mosey, the adopted son of Sir Mosey. I hope you will forgive this sudden visit.”
Grace rose and returned the courtesy, her expression composed. “Mr. Mosey, may I ask what brings you here?”
He smiled. “Don’t worry. I simply heard that you were also staying in this market and wished to pay my respects. On this mountain, another ally could mean the difference between life and death.”
His gaze moved across the people standing behind her, lingering for a brief moment when it reached Dustin before shifting away as if nothing unusual had happened.
Grace remained outwardly calm. “I appreciate the gesture. But are you speaking for yourself, or for the Quinton family?” she asked. Anders’ smile stiffened for the briefest instant before returning to normal.
“Your Royal Highness, you’re very perceptive. To be honest, I do have some cooperation with the Quintons. Even so, cooperation is one thing. In the end, I’m still a member of the Mosey family.”
Grace smiled faintly. “If the Quintons heard you say that, I wonder what they would think.”
Anders laughed without responding directly. “If Your Royal Highness ever requires assistance, you are welcome to seek me out. On this mountain, having one more friend is always better than having one more enemy. I’ll take my leave now.”
AWith that, he turned and left with his men.
###Chapter 2794
After Anders left, Scarlet couldn’t help but speak up. “That man’s smile feels so fake. You can tell at a glance he’s not a good person.” “Anders really isn’t someone to underestimate,” Adam said in a low voice. ”
I looked into him before. He didn’t gather so many people in such a short time just because of the Mosey family’s reputation. He’s cunning and ruthless, the kind of opponent who is extremely difficult to deal with.”
Grace turned to Dustin and asked, “What do you think?” He considered it carefully before answering, “Anders claimed he came here on his own to pay a visit, but that doesn’t necessarily mean the Quinton family wasn’t behind it.
“The Quintons want to support Sir Mosey’s ascension to the throne. For them, your status as a legitimate royal blood makes you both an obstacle and possibly a useful pawn.”
Grace let out a cold laugh. “They want to use me as a pawn? That depends on whether they’re capable of it.”
“In any case, we should be careful,” Dustin said. “Anders may be under the Quinton family’s banner for now, but he has no intention of staying their subordinate forever. People who try to play both sides like that are the ones most likely to stab someone in the back at a critical moment.”
Over the next two days, Anders dropped by several times. Each visit consisted only of a few polite exchanges and a small gift before he left again. But his attitude grew noticeably warmer every time, as though he genuinely regarded Grace as someone he wished to befriend.
However, the Quinton family had never shown up. Evander and Elowen seemed to show no interest in Grace’s group at all.
Even when they occasionally passed each other in the market, they did nothing more than a brief glance before looking away. That indifference was more unsettling than open hostility.
“What are they even trying to do?” Scarlet asked irritably. “If they want a fight, they should just start one. But if they want to talk, then say so. What’s with all this half-hearted nonsense?”
Dustin remained thoughtful and replied, ” It’s not that they don’t care. They’re observing. Someone like Evander would never do something meaningless. He must be waiting for something.”
The answer revealed itself on the evening of the fifth day.
A man covered in blood staggered into the market and rushed straight toward Grace’s camp. He was one of the Sovereign Aegis guards, a scout who had been sent out earlier to explore the surrounding area.
“Your Royal Highness… something has gone terribly wrong,” the man gasped as he collapsed to the ground and struggled to lift his head. “G-General Adam and the others… They’re trapped.”
Grace’s expression changed immediately.” Speak clearly.”
The guard spoke in broken fragments as he described what had happened.
Their scouting team had discovered a ruin about nine miles outside the market. At first, they believed it was a great opportunity. But when they approached, they triggered a restriction and became trapped inside a field.
Adam and several Sovereign Aegis guards were holding off the danger with everything they had so that he could break through and seek help. However, a group of rogue cultivators had already noticed the situation and were now attacking them while they remained trapped.
“Let’s go,” Grace said without hesitation as she immediately began gathering her forces.
“Hold on,” Dustin suddenly said.
She looked at him in surprise. “What is it?”
He turned his attention to the wounded guard and asked, “You said they’re trapped at a ruin nine miles away. Your team went together, yet you’re the only one who managed to escape?”
The guard nodded.
Dustin pressed, “How many pursuers are there?”
“Roughly about 30 people.”
“All rogue cultivators?”
“Yes. All of them.”
Dustin fell silent for a moment before turning to Grace. “This is a trap.”
Her eyes widened slightly. He continued, “Nine miles from here happens to be just outside the range of the Truce Ward. Somehow, a band of rogue cultivators shows up with just enough people to pin down Adam’s formation.
“And the one scout who breaks through manages to make it all the way back to report. The coincidence is too perfect.”
The guard grew anxious and hurriedly said, “Mr. Rhys, everything I said is true. General Spanner and the others really…”
“I know you’re telling the truth,” Dustin replied, looking at him. “They are trapped, and they are under attack. But the people surrounding them may not be ordinary rogue cultivators.”
As he spoke, he turned and looked toward a section of the marketplace in the distance, where Anders’ camp was located.
He went on, “If I’m reading this right, someone’s testing us. They want to see how far we’ll go to save our people. They’re also gauging our strength and deciding whether we’re worth keeping as pieces on the board… or liabilities that need to be removed.”
Grace’s expression turned ashen.
“You think this has something to do with Anders?”
###Chapter 2795
“Anders might not have set things in motion himself, but this definitely traces back to him. The Quiton family could be involved, too,” Dustin said.
Scarlet said urgently, “Even if we know it’s a trap, we can’t just abandon Adam and the others.” “We’re not abandoning them,” he replied. “But we’re doing this with a plan.”
He quickly added, “Grace, you take the main force and move in from the front to mount the rescue, but don’t rush straight into the fight. Stay on the outer perimeter first, observe the situation, and delay as long as possible. Scarlet, you come with me. We’ll take another route.”
“Another route?”
Dustin pointed to a location on the map. “Here. This leads to the far side of the ruins. If we can go around it and sneak in from behind instead of the front, we might catch them off guard.”
Grace looked at him with a complicated emotion flickering across her face. She finally understood why she still relied on him even after his cultivation had been sealed because his mind was worth more than brute strength.
“Okay. We’ll do it your way,” she said decisively. “Just be careful.” Dustin smiled faintly. “Don’t worry. With Scarlet with me, nothing will happen.”
Scarlet nodded firmly. “I won’t let anything happen to him.”
30 minutes later, the two teams set out in different directions. Grace led the main force toward the ruins in a broad, imposing advance. She deliberately kept their pace slow and paused often to scout the surroundings while maintaining the appearance of heightened vigilance.
Meanwhile, Dustin and Scarlet slipped around toward the rear of the ruins with three elite guards.
As night deepened over Mount Aethermoor, a carefully laid trap waited for its prey. But what the hunters didn’t realize was that among those they intended to capture was someone who had already seen through the entire scheme.
Outside the ruins, Grace’s forces had arrived. The ruins consisted of a half-collapsed stone hall concealed within a dense grove of towering trees. Spiritual light flickered around the structure, and a large formation could be faintly seen enveloping the hall.
Inside the formation, Adam led more than a dozen Sovereign Aegis guards as they struggled to resist the siege of several dozen rogue cultivators.
“Your Royal Highness, we should charge in, “one of the guards urged anxiously. Grace raised a hand to stop him and said, ” No. Let us observe first.”
She studied the battlefield carefully. At first glance, the rogue cultivators looked disorganized, yet their advances and withdrawals revealed subtle coordination, proving they were no improvised mob.
Although their encirclement was tight, they avoided lethal strikes, as if deliberately trying to stall for time.
“Just as I suspected. This is a trap,” she said with a cold smile. Then, she issued an order. “Pass the word. Hold position and secure the perimeter.”
At the same time, Dustin and Scarlet advanced quietly along a narrow mountain ravine that led toward the rear of the stone hall. The terrain was steep and choked with thorny undergrowth, which made it clear that no one had expected anyone to approach from that direction.
“How did you know there was a path here?
“Scarlet asked while clearing the way through the thorns.
“Just a guess,” he replied. “Ancient ruins like this usually have multiple entrances and exits. If the main gate is blocked, the rear passage may offer a way through. Look over there.”
He pointed toward a collapsed section of the hall’s rear wall and continued, “Air is flowing through that gap. That means the space behind it connects to the inside.”
The group climbed up to the collapsed section and soon found a concealed opening. The entrance was narrow, allowing only one person to crawl through at a time, but faint light could be seen deeper inside.
“I’ll go first,” Scarlet said as she moved forward without hesitation and crawled inside.
Dustin followed right behind her. The passage was narrow and damp, and the air smelled of decay. After crawling for about ten minutes, the tunnel opened abruptly into a wide chamber. They had finally entered the interior of the stone hall.
Inside, Adam and his men were barely holding their ground. The formation was already on the verge of collapse, and casualties continued to rise. When he saw Dustin and Scarlet appear suddenly behind them, his face lit with relief.
“Don’t make a sound,” Dustin said quietly.
“There are still reinforcements outside.
How long can you hold on?”
Adam gave a bitter smile and answered, ” At most, half an hour.”
“That will be enough,” Dustin replied. After quickly scanning the surroundings, he continued, “Scarlet, take your people and secure this position.”
He then turned to Adam and said, “Hand me the formation control.”
Although Adam didn’t understand what Dustin intended to do, he didn’t hesitate. He immediately passed Dustin the rune slate that served as the formation’s control core. Dustin accepted it and began redirecting the flow of spiritual energy within the formation.
###Chapter 2796
Dustin had no cultivation, but setting up the formation relied on understanding how it worked. Over the past few days, he had studied many common restrictions and formations scattered across Mount Aethermoor. So, when he began adjusting the formation now, his movements were precise and controlled.
As the formation shifted, the rogue cultivators attacking from outside immediately sensed that something was wrong. The formation, which had seemed ready to collapse moments earlier, suddenly stabilized and even began to show signs of backlash against its attackers.
“What’s going on?” the leader of the rogue cultivators asked with a frown. “Didn’t you say this formation wouldn’t last much longer?”
“Boss, should we just rush in?”
“Rush my ass. Our job is to stall them until. Before he could finish speaking, a wave of battle cries erupted in the distance as Grace finally moved with the main force.
“Charge!” At her command, the Sovereign Aegis surged forward and rushed straight into the rogue cultivators’ line. The attackers’ formation collapsed instantly. Although they had numbers, most of them were nothing more than loosely gathered mercenaries who had been temporarily bribed to take part in the assault.
They were no match for the disciplined Sovereign Aegis. After only a few hard charges, their ranks collapsed completely as they scattered in all directions.
Just as Grace believed the situation was under control, everything changed without warning. From the darkness surrounding the stone hall, dozens of figures suddenly emerged.
Every one of them wore identical indigo combat attire, faint arcs of lightning flickering across their bodies as a sharp and dangerous aura radiated from them.
They were members of the Jornell family. Karos Jornell, the man leading them, was the same sinister figure Elowen had humiliated earlier at the marketplace. A savage grin twisted across his face, and his eyes gleamed with the thrill of revenge.
“Grace, didn’t see this coming, huh? You thought Anders set this up?” Karos said with a laugh. “He’s nothing. This trap was laid by the Jornell family.”
Her heart sank after hearing that.
He continued, “We’ve been watching your group for a long time. Those remnants of the Frost family mixed themselves in with you and ruined several of our plans. Today, we’ll eliminate you first. After that, we’ll deal with them.”
Karos swept his arm forward, and dozens of Jornell experts answered with a unified shout before charging straight at Grace’s forces.
These men were nothing like the scattered rogue cultivators from earlier. Every one of them possessed cultivation at the Adept realm or above, and their stormcraft struck with destructive force.
The Sovereign Aegis were elite soldiers, but they had already spent considerable strength during the earlier battles. Facing these aggressive experts from the Jornell family, they were quickly forced into a defensive position.
“Form ranks! Hold the line!” Grace shouted as her sword flashed repeatedly, intercepting the coordinated assault of two Jornell attackers at once.
Scarlet charged forward from the stone hall with her Wildfire Spear. The weapon lashed forward in sweeping arcs, each thrust striking another Jornell man. Yet, the enemy’s numbers were overwhelming. For every man she killed, two more surged forward to take his place. The battle turned against them with alarming speed. Karos laughed triumphantly.
“Grace, today is the day you die. After you’re gone, we’ll deal with that mortal called Dustin as well. I hear all of you value him quite highly. Don’t worry. I will make sure his death is particularly miserable.”
A cold voice cut through the chaos.
“Oh? Who do you intend to kill?” The voice wasn’t loud, yet it carried with perfect clarity to everyone present. The Jornell family man’s smile froze as he turned toward the source.
From the darkness, a figure in white approached at an unhurried pace. He was a young man, tall and composed. A crystalline longsword circled him, radiating a piercing cold that froze the air around him.
The newcomer was Albus. Behind him were Blanche and Aveline, followed closely by the members of the Frost Family.
“It’s that Frost family brat!” Karos blurted, his expression changing instantly. “What are you doing here?”
Albus didn’t answer. He simply raised a hand and pointed forward. The crystalline longsword instantly erupted into a streak of deep blue light and shot forward in a streak of blue light.
Wherever the sword light passed, three Jornell family experts were frozen solid before they could even react. Their bodies were instantly sealed in ice like lifeless statues.
“You-”
Karos’ face drained of color as he hastily activated his stormcraft in an attempt to defend himself. But Albus’ strike was faster than he could react, and colder than he could endure.
The lightning had barely formed before it was swallowed and frozen in place, the frost racing up his arm and locking it solid.
He screamed in pain and staggered backward.
###Chapter 2797
Albus recalled his sword and stood still, his gaze cold as it settled on Karos. “Last time at the Glacial Abyss, you got away,” he said calmly. “That won’t happen again this time.”
Karos’ face was drained of color. All his earlier arrogance vanished as he staggered back, panic taking over.
“Retreat! Fall back now!” he shouted. The Jornell family forces broke instantly, Yscattering in disarray as they fled into the night. Albus didn’t pursue them. He just stood there and watched until they disappeared out of sight.
“Why didn’t you kill them?” Scarlet asked in confusion. He glanced at Dustin. Seeing him nod, he spoke calmly.
“Let them go back and report. The Jornell family’s true experts haven’t appeared yet. Killing a few lackeys now would only put them on guard.”
Blanche walked toward Dustin and gave a respectful nod. “Mr. Rhys, we arrived late.”
He shook his head with a faint smile. “No. You came at the right time. Thank you for stepping in.”
A faint blush appeared on her face as she replied softly, “It’s nothing. You’ve helped our family before, so we should repay that favor.”
Grace sheathed her sword and stepped forward. “Ms. Frost, you came at the right time. But how did you know we were in trouble here?”
Blanche answered calmly, “We noticed members of the Jornell family gathering secretly in the marketplace earlier, so we suspected they might be planning something against you. We followed them quietly, and it turns out they had indeed set an ambush.”
“Good thing you showed up,” Adam said with a sigh. “Otherwise, tonight could’ve gone very wrong.”
The group moved quickly to clear the battlefield and tend to the wounded. Even with the Frost family arriving in time, the Sovereign Aegis had lost eight men, and no one had escaped injury. The stormcraft used by the Jornell family was brutally effective, leaving wounds that were difficult to treat.
Dustin worked without pause, moving from one injured man to the next, while Scarlet assisted him. As she watched him, focused and composed, a complicated feeling stirred in her chest. His cultivation was sealed, yet when it mattered most, he was always the one holding everything together.
She asked softly after a moment, “Why is the Jornell family targeting us? We don’t have any grudges against them.”
He didn’t look up as he replied in an even tone, “It’s because of the Frost family. They’re mortal enemies with the Jornells, and we chose to help them. That makes us their allies in Jornell’s eyes. On top of that, Grace is a royal princess. Anyone backing Sir Mosey’s claim to the throne will see us as a threat.”
He paused briefly before continuing, “Up here in Mount Aethermoor, it’s not about grudges but about interests. You can’t count on anyone. Enemies become allies, and allies can turn on you just as fast. Keep that in mind.”
Scarlet nodded slowly, lost in thought. By the time they were done clearing the battlefield, night had fully fallen. The group withdrew to the marketplace to regroup. At Grace’s invitation, the Frost siblings temporarily joined forces with them.
On the other side of the marketplace inside the Quinton family’s tent, Evander listened quietly as a subordinate delivered his report.
“…The Jornell family’s ambush failed. The Frost family stepped in, and Grace’s group made it out unharmed.”
Evander gave a nod and dismissed him. Elowen, sitting beside her brother, asked, ” If Grace becomes entangled with the Frost family, will it affect our plans?”
“Affect our plan? No. If anything, it works in our favor,” he replied with a faint smile.
“Let them fight. Whether it’s the Jornell family, the Frost family, or Grace, they’re all pieces on the board. The more chaotic the pieces become, the easier it is for the one playing the game to see the full picture.
Evander turned his gaze toward the night sky beyond the tent, a glint of something unreadable passing through his eyes.
“The real trial of Mount Aethermoor hasn’t even begun,” he said. News of the Jornell family’s failed ambush spread quickly through the marketplace.
Some took quiet satisfaction in the news, others whispered among themselves, but most began to reassess Grace’s group. Anyone who could work with the Frost family and walk away intact from a Jornell ambush was no longer to be taken lightly.
Over the next few days, the atmosphere within the marketplace grew increasingly tense. The Quinton family, which had previously paid them little attention, began watching more closely.
Anders visited more often, his attitude noticeably more attentive. But Grace remained measured and distant, never allowing him to grow too familiar.
“That Anders definitely isn’t here with good intentions,” Scarlet said to Dustin in private. “Every time he shows up, his eyes are everywhere, like he’s trying to size us up.”
He smiled faintly and replied, “Of course, he is. He’s trying to figure out how strong we are, how close we are to the Frost family, and see whether we might be worth recruiting.”
“In his dreams.” Scarlet scoffed. “I don’t trust people like him.”
“You’re right not to,” Dustin said calmly. ” But he’s still useful. Through him, we can keep an eye on the Quinton family.”
###Chapter 2798
On the fifth day, Anders arrived again. This time, he brought important information. “In three days, the second trial of Mount Aethermoor will begin,” he said, lowering his voice. “Based on information from the Quinton family, the next trial is called the Heartfall Stair. It has 99 steps, and each one forces you to face your inner demons. Only those who reach the top can proceed to the next stage.”
Grace and Dustin exchanged a glance before asking, “Where is it located?” Anders pointed toward the northeast, beyond the marketplace.
“It’s about 15 miles from here. There is a place called Stormspire Arena. That’s where the entrance is. When the time comes, every faction planning to continue upward will gather there.”
He paused briefly, then added in a more deliberate tone, “However, the arena itself is also a trial. The wind and lightning there never let up. One mistake is enough to get you killed.
“And with so many factions converging, competition for position will be unavoidable. Your Royal Highness, if you intend to go, you should make preparations early.”
After Anders left, Grace gathered the group for discussion
“The Heartfall Stair has 99 steps, and each one forces you to face your inner demons,” she said solemnly. “Some of us may have strong cultivation, but their resolve may not be as steady as it should be. We should be prepared for losses in this trial.”
Dustin replied, “A trial like this has nothing to do with cultivation level. Some people aren’t particularly strong, but their resolve is firm, making them more likely to make it through. Others may be powerful, but if there are cracks in their mindset, this is where they’ll fall.”
He swept his gaze across the group and continued, “Over the next few days, get your heads straight. Whatever you’re holding onto, whatever you’ve been avoiding, face it now. On that stair, you might fool other people, but you won’t fool yourself.”
The group fell silent, each lost in thought. Scarlet stole a glance at Dustin, unease stirring as she wondered what her inner demon would be. Three days later, they arrived at Stormspire Arena.
The terrain was steep and treacherous. A massive platform hung suspended in midair, with a bottomless abyss stretching below and unceasing wind and lightning raging on all sides. Thunder rolled without pause, the force of it so overwhelming that it made even the strongest flinch.
Hundreds of people had already gathered on the platform, including the Quinton family, the Moseys, the remnants of the Jornell family, and the rogue cultivator alliance. Each faction occupied its own territory, watching the others warily.
As Grace arrived with her group, countless gazes turned toward them. Some were curious, others watchful. A few were hostile, while the rest remained cautious.
“The Quinton family is over there,” Adam said quietly, pointing toward the eastern side of the platform. Evander stood calmly with his hands behind his back, as if the dangers of Stormspire Arena didn’t concern him.
Beside him, Elowen idly spun a rune slate in her hand. Behind them stood more than a dozen guards, their energy waves restrained but formidable.
“The west side is the Jornell family,” Adam continued, indicating the opposite direction. The Jornells brought nearly eight people. But each of them carried a sharp, oppressive presence, leaving no doubt they were elite.
Leading the group was a pale-faced middle -aged man. Faint arcs of lightning moved across his body, and the pressure he gave off was enough to unsettle those nearby. He was a mid-stage Core-Forged expert.
“The Jornell family’s real powerhouse has finally appeared,” Grace murmured. The Mosey family occupied the southern side of the platform. Anders stood at the front, speaking quietly with several leaders of the rogue cultivator alliance. When he noticed Grace, he gave a slight nod in acknowledgment.
“Get ready for the trial,” Dustin said. “It’s about to begin.”
Before he finished speaking, the lightning above the Stormspire Arena surged violently. Countless golden bolts intertwined, forming a massive vortex overhead. At its center, a brilliant column of light descended and struck the middle of the platform.
As the light faded, a stone staircase with 99 steps materialized out of thin air. It rose straight upward, disappearing into the vortex above.
“The Heartfall Stair has appeared,” a commanding voice resounded in everyone’s mind.
“Those who ascend must face their inner demons with unwavering resolve. Each step is a trial, and altogether there are 99 in total. Those who reach the summit may proceed to the next level. Fail, and your soul will be obliterated.”
The moment the voice faded, the crowd erupted into motion. Some stepped forward eagerly, while others hesitated, held back by fear.
Evander was the first to step onto the Heartfall Stair. His expression remained calm as he moved step by step upward, his footing steady. The inner demon illusions -enough to make a normal person break down-seemed to have no effect on him.
“Who… Who exactly is he?” someone asked. Evander paid no attention and continued upward. He passed ten steps, then 20, then 30, pausing only briefly at the 50th before continuing on.
“He’s a monster,” Adam murmured. “His resolve is unshakable.”
Then, Elowen stepped onto the Heartfall Stair. She moved with equal ease, even glancing around with curiosity at certain steps, as though observing the illusions rather than being affected by them.
###Chapter 2799
“It’s our turn,” Grace said, taking a deep breath as she looked at the group. Remember what Dustin said. Stay sharp. Whatever you see, don’t lose yourself.”
She stepped onto the Heartfall Stair first, followed by Scarlet, Adam, Blanche, Albus, and the others. Dustin stepped on last. Though his cultivation was sealed, his resolve was as strong as anyone else’s. The moment his foot touched the stairs, the world around him shifted.
He saw Natasha standing not far away, tears in her eyes. Her lips moved as if she were speaking, but no sound reached him.
“Natasha…” he muttered, his chest tightening. She reached out to him with a pleading look in her eyes. He almost stepped forward, but he quickly stopped himself. Then, he remembered that she was still at the foot of the mountain and couldn’t be here.
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. When he opened them again, the illusion had vanished, leaving only the stone steps of the Heartfall Stair before him.
“I’ve passed the first step,” he murmured, then continued upward. Meanwhile, the others were also facing their own inner demons. Grace saw her mother lying on the ground, covered in blood. Her mother’s hand reached out toward her as she pleaded, ” Save me… Please save me..”
Grace’s eyes reddened, but she clenched her jaw and forced herself to keep moving forward. Scarlet saw Dustin. He stood before her dressed in a wedding suit, holding Natasha’s hand with a smile.
He said, “Scarlet, thank you for staying by my side all this time. I’ve found my happiness now. You should go and find yours as well.”
The words hit her hard, but she took a deep breath and replied quietly, “As long as you’re happy, that’s all that matters.”
The illusion vanished, and she continued upward. Adam saw his deceased wife. She stood a short distance away and waved at him.
“Come with me… I miss you so much…”
His eyes welled up with tears, then he closed his eyes and muttered, “I’m sorry. My sister still needs me. Just wait for me… Let me finish what I have to do, then I’ll come and accompany you.”
When he opened his eyes again, she was gone. He clenched his jaw and kept climbing. Blanche saw her family being wiped out, flames surging into the sky as her family members screamed in agony. She tried to run toward them, but an invisible force held her back.
Her lips pressed tight, and her nails dug into her palms as she forced herself forward, one step at a time. She had already lived through this countless times in her mind. Although facing it again still hurt, it no longer affected her.
Albus saw another version of him standing before him, gripping a demonic sword. The other presence was thick with killing intent and sneered at him.
“Sooner or later, you will become me. Your sword was always meant to kill,” the figure said. Albus regarded him coldly before replying, “My sword is meant to protect my sister and my family. I am not you.”
With that, he swung his sword, and the illusion disappeared. The Heartfall Stair had 99 steps, and none of them were easy. Every step was a torture and tested their resolve.
Some people broke down halfway through. Their screams echoed as they fell into the abyss below. Others were consumed by their inner demons and turned to stone, their bodies left standing on the Heartfall Stair. A few pressed on, gritting their teeth as they kept climbing.
When Grace stepped onto the 99th step, she was nearly spent. When she turned back, she saw that more than half the figures on the staircase had already disappeared. Spotting Scarlet, Adam, Blanche, and Albus among those who had made it, she felt a measure of relief.
“Where’s Dustin?” she asked suddenly.
The others turned to look, but couldn’t see him.
“Dustin, he…”
Scarlet’s face turned pale. At that moment, a figure slowly emerged at the far end of the 99th step. It was Dustin. Though visibly exhausted, his eyes were still sharp.
“I’m fine. Didn’t mean to worry you,” he said quietly. Everyone was relieved to see him. Scarlet couldn’t hold herself back. She rushed forward and threw her arms around him.
“You had me worried sick,” she complained.
Dustin gently patted her back and said, ” It’s alright. I made it.”
At the top of the Heartfall Stair, the path opened onto a wide platform. A bronze hall stood there, flickering in and out of view, its form indistinct and mysterious.
“Is that The Aethermoor Palace?” someone exclaimed. However, the hall was just a projection and hadn’t fully taken shape. Then, a commanding voice rang out again
“Those who have passed the Heartfall Stair may enter the Bronze Sanctum to contend for the final opportunity Countless treasures lie within, but only one may claim the Ascendant Pill. The gates will open in seven days.”
As the voice faded, the scene before them shifted again. When they came to, they found themselves back on the Stormspire Arena.
The Heartfall Stair had vanished, and the terrifying lightning vortex had dissipated. But everyone knew that the real trial had only just begun.
###Chapter 2800
After returning to the marketplace, the camp settled into an uneasy calm. Many were relieved to have survived, but no one felt secure about what lay ahead.
Grace’s group had eleven survivors from the Heartfall Stair, including Scarlet, Adam, Blanche, Albus, Dustin, and five Sovereign Aegis guards with strong resolve. On the Frost family’s side, Aveline also made it through, but three of their family members had been left behind on the stairs.
Other factions fared worse. The Quinton siblings passed without difficulty, but out of the dozen or so guards they brought, only three survived the climb.
The Jornell family lost most of their elite fighters as well, with only a mid-stage Core -Forged cultivator and two others making it through. The Moseys suffered heavy losses as well. Anders made it through, but only four of his men remained.
“Ascendant Pill…” Grace murmured. “So that’s what the Quinton family is really after.”
Dustin nodded. “For a reclusive family like the Quintons, ordinary treasures hold little value. But the pill is different. It can create an Ascension realm expert. Whoever obtains it will gain an overwhelming advantage in the next trial.”
“And what about us?” Scarlet asked. “Are we going to compete for it as well?”
He fell silent for a moment before answering, “Of course. But our ive doesn’t have to be the pill itself.”
Grace’s eyes sharpened as she caught on.” You mean…” “There is only one Ascension Pill, but the Bronze Sanctum holds more than that,” Dustin said.
“With our current strength, we don’t stand much of a chance against the Quintons and the Jornells. Even if we join forces with the Frost family, taking them head-on would still be a losing fight. But we can take a step back and aim for other treasures instead. At the same time…”
His gaze darkened slightly as he added, ” We observe the situation and watch how things unfold ”
Inside Anders’ tent, the atmosphere was just as heavy.
He sat alone, frowning as he stared at the memory crystal in front of him, which had just been delivered by one of Evander’s men. The message stored within it was simple. When the Bronze Sanctum opened, the Moseys were to fully cooperate with the Quintons in securing the Ascension Pill.
Once it was done, the Quintons would support Seamus’ rise to the throne. Anders looked at the memory crystal, his expression holding no hint of pleasure.
Fully cooperating meant they would be used as expendable forces, sent to wear down the Jornell family and the other factions. And afterward, the Quintons would claim they would honor their promise. Even if they did, that promise was made to Seamus. It had nothing to do with hím.
Anders thought back to how the Quinton siblings had treated him over the past few days. They summoned him at will, dismissed him just as easily, and treated him like a servant. In Evander’s eyes, he was nothing more than a useful dog.
“I’m done being used like this,” he muttered. All these years, he had risked his life for the Mosey family and done whatever Seamus demanded. But in the end, being adopted meant he would never measure up to a real son.
To the Quinton family, he was merely a pawn. He wasn’t going to spend his life paving the way for others. Anders’ thoughts drifted to Grace. She used people, too, but she didn’t treat them as disposable the way the Quintons did. The loyalty of those around her came from the way she treated them.
Then, there was Dustin. He looked like an ordinary man, yet he had survived that trial and even inspired others to follow him without hesitation. There had to be a reason. Anders knew it was Dustin’s sincerity and presence that made people trust him and stand with him.
“What if… What if I sided with Grace?”
This thought caught Anders off guard. He immediately shook his head, dismissing the idea. There was no connection between them, and no reason for her to trust him.
Still, he wasn’t without leverage. He had influence within the Mosey family, and he knew about the Quintons’ secrets. That might be enough to bargain with.
The real challenge was reaching her without alerting the Quinton family. After a long moment of contemplation, Anders finally came up with a plan.
The following evening, he made his way through the marketplace and passed by an elderly man’s pill stall as if by chance. He exchanged a few words with the man before leaving without drawing any attention.
Dustin received word that Anders wanted to meet him alone that night.
“Is it a trap?” Scarlet asked warily.
“Maybe,” he replied. “Or maybe he actually wants to talk.”
Grace frowned. “It’s too risky. Plus, your cultivation is sealed. What if he makes a move-”
“He won’t,” Dustin cut her off. “At least, not now. Besides, he chose the marketplace. No one’s going to start anything there with the Truce Ward in place.”
She wanted to persuade him, but he had already made up his mind. “I’ll meet him. Grace, bring a team and stay on the perimeter. If anything happens, move in immediately.”
Anders was already waiting in a secluded corner at the northwest marketplace late that night. A flicker of surprise passed through his eyes at the sight of Dustin coming alone, but his expression quickly returned to normal.
“You’ve got guts to come alone, Mr. Rhys,” he said quietly. Dustin stopped across from him and answered in an even tone, “You requested this meeting at a late hour, Mr. Mosey What is it about?”
Anders fell silent for a moment before lowering himself to one knee.
“I’m willing to bring what remains of my house and place it under Princess Grace’s command,” he said. Dustin didn’t look surprised. He just looked at him and asked, “Why?”
